White Supremacists for Obama (true!)
How the hair in my drain is like the curve of our ever-expanding universe
Caldwell may pull Manning in the 2nd half, needs QB healthy for run at perfect record next season
Dr Dre To Release Instrumental Hip-Hop Album About The Solar System
Religious Search Engines Yield Tailored Results : NPR
China makes fake rice from plastic
Obama accepts transparency award... behind closed doors
Louisiana Republican: Ban Abortion, Sterilize Poor Women and Pay the Wealthy to Procreate
While Cutting Social Services, Kentucky Gives $43 Million Tax Break To Bible-Themed Amusement Park (xpost from /politics)
Nyjer Morgan doesn't realize it's 9th inning until he wins game
Rick Perry Resigns Control Of Texas: God In Charge As of August 6
NATO Running Low on Blow-Uppable Sites
Michele Bachmann says the Soviet Union is a threat to America
Pepsi Getting Heat for Use of Aborted Fetal Cells in Flavor Research
Acer CEO: We're Going to Stop Selling Cheap, Unprofitable Crap
Lowe's pulling all TV ads from TLC show because it's portrayal of Muslims is too positive (X-Post from /r/News)
Comedian selling his mother's ashes on eBay and donating proceeds to charity
Court OKs Barring High IQs for Cops - ABC News
Microsoft patents "avoid ghetto" GPS feature. (X-post from r/technology)
Foxconn Chairman Likens Employees To Animals, Solicits Advice From Zoo Keeper
Newt Gingrich Vows To Establish Colony On Moon If Elected
Alabama Republican Senator: Low teacher pay is mandated by God
Muslim man arrested for sending a text to his employees that read "hope you blow away the competition"
Cardboard cut out Ayatollah Khomeini "inspects" Iranian military (Crosspost from r/worldnews)
Dead gamer unnoticed in web cafe for 9 hours
Dead gamer goes unnoticed in web cafe for nine hours
Off-Duty Deputy Accused of Pulling Gun on Pregnant Couple | NBC Chicago
Man has heart attack while eating 'Triple Bypass Burger' at The Heart Attack Grill
Woman says she became pregnant after watching porn in 3D
MIT researchers conclude that tin foil hats amplify the government's ability to read your mind.
U.S. News - Wyoming lawmakers reject doomsday bill
Dunkin' Tempts China Palates with Pork Donuts
Aaron Rodgers disappointed in teammates' Pro Bowl efforts
Wife uncovers husband's 'bigamy' on Facebook
Amish Man in Indiana Arrested, Accused of Sexting Girl, 12
The Associated Press: SC county GOP wants hopefuls to sign purity pledge
Billionaire Romney Backer: "The Ultrawealthy Have An 'Insufficient Influence' Over Politics"
Fox News criticizes Arrietty for being anti-1% (x-post /r/anime)
Iraqi teenagers stoned to death for emo haircuts
New Jersey capital city running out of toilet paper
Homeless as Wi-Fi Transmitters Creates a Stir in Austin - NYTimes.com
Tide Detergent Being Stolen From Stores Across the Country
New Hampshire Town Votes To Rename 'Jew Pond'
Rick Santorum wins another primary election.
Marshall University student sues Alpha Tau Omega fraternity after fellow fraternity member allegedly shot bottle rocket out of his anus
Lobbyists Call On Barack Obama To Tone Down Anti-Lobbyist Rhetoric
Spousal abuse? Lawmakers say, "Don't get divorced, remember the good times!"
Law to declare a single parent raising a child to be child abuse
Somalia Gets a Tourist, Mogadishu Officials Are Baffled
Pet Ferret Eats Seven Fingers Off Baby Boy
Abortion Causes Breast Cancer, New Hampshire House Declares
Check out my new, similar themed subreddit, r/newsofthestupid
More than half of Mississippi GOP voters say Obama is a Muslim, new poll suggests
Dude, Check Out Those Spoons
Bush league pimp's Android password stumps FBI
Cameron and Obama: No 'bromance' here
'Star Rabbit' Dies When Photographer Takes Wrong Step
As Rod Blagojevich Heads to Prison, What Will Become of His Hair?
D.C. Assault's (AAU basketball team) coach Curtis Malone charged with... assault.
Four daredevils do a BASE jump from Rialto Towers after cocktails at Vue de monde bar
Rare bunny stepped on, killed at his own press conference
Pile of pinto beans collapses on man, kills him
Santorum Takes 2 in the South
Invisible Children co-founder arrested for reportedly "masturbating in public, vandalizing cars and possibly under the influence of something"
Study: Men turn dumber around women
Meghan McCain to Playboy: 'I love sex and I love men'
Canadian cops want to add a spying tax to phone bills to pay for warrantless wiretapping
Angry Father Bites Off 6-Year-Old Son's Penis
Gordon Ramsay's Dwarf Porn Double Percy Foster Dies in Badger Den in Wales
Entire Arena Football Team Fired During Pregame Meal
Brazilian Military Hires Batman to Fight Crime in Country
First Lady's Anti-Obesity Campaign Turned Heavy Children Into Targets, Group Complains
Mysterious, exploding poop substance killing Minnesota pigs
Westboro releases 'You Might Be a Slut' ad for Limbaugh's show
Man Who Died After Being Tasered by Police May Have Lost His Life Over a Pack of Biscuits.
After night of drinking, dude loses car
Man Eats Cocaine From Brother's Butt, Dies
Fox News reports "Obama's Bracket Busted" when it's actually doing well
Bloomberg Bans Food Donations to the Homeless Because the "Salt, Fat, and Fiber" Contents have not been Monitored
Wife of pro-life presidential candidate Rick Santorum had love affair with abortion doctor 40 years her senior... who delivered her as baby
Child Says Teacher Stole Lunch Money
[META] With our recent explosive growth, I've decided to re-think and re-phrase the sidebar. Your feedback is welcome.
Atheists use 'unholy water' to 'unbless' Florida highway
Queen of England goes to wrong floor, whilst using elevator!
George C. Marshall High School Student Told To Read Langston Hughes Poem 'Blacker'
Woman kills herself at 105 after getting tired of 'waiting for death'
New Zealanders panic-buy Marmite in face of shortages.
Sexually deprived male fruit flies exhibit a pattern of behavior that seems ripped from the pages of a sad-sack Raymond Carver story: when females reject sexual advances, the males are driven to excessive alcohol consumption.
Alleged cocaine smuggler nabbed near border in car bearing 'SMUGLER' plates.. Bonus: Staying at the "Smuggler's Inn".
TSA starts frequent terrorist program. 100 bucks to bypass body-scanners, pat-downs, and you can even keep your shoes on.
New Hampshire Congressman Proposes Ban on Left-Handed Marriage
China Cracks Down on Maoists
DailyTech - Baffling Illness Strikes Africa, Turns Children Into Violent "Zombies"
Bride Marries Herself. Should More Singles Throw Solo Weddings?
Zimbabwe 'sperm hunters' picking up male travellers
Pornography study that was doomed to fail after scientists couldn't find a single man who hadn't viewed X-rated material
Idaho Senator suggests women don't know the difference between rape and consensual marital sex
Toilet Mutiny, please. Perfect, Onion or Real News Headline issue. Seriously?
A paraplegic man claims in court that GameStop and Marshalls violated his civil rights by refusing to let him enter their stores with his assistance animal: a miniature horse named Princess who pulls his wheelchair.
Cash grab on Md. highway after armored car spill
Kazakh gold medallist is played Borat anthem in Kuwait
Man thwarts robbery using his knowledge of the movie Pulp Fiction.
Trayvon Martin shooting: Geraldo Rivera: Martin killed due to 'hoodie'
Atheist Flabbergasted That Christians Would Help Him As He Goes Blind [X-post]
Men behaving nicely: Selfless acts by men increase when attractive women are nearby
Apple Products Trigger "Religious Reactions" Like Cults
Hank, A cat in Arizona, is running for US Senate (x post from r/funny) (Video in the comments)
Easter Egg Hunt Cancelled due to Aggressive Parents
New York City bans mention of dinosaurs, aliens, birthdays and more on student tests as such topics "could evoke unpleasant emotions in the students."
French IMF Chief Strauss-Kahn charged with "Aggravated Pimping"
Man Blows Himself Up As Police Arrive To Evict Him For Raising Chickens
Running out of beer at a girl's birthday party resulted in gunfire, one dead, seven others hurt
Girl scores poor marks, forced by father to beg - The Times of India
Ninjas attack medical marijuana delivery man
India's IT firms hire U.S. workers as they fight for visas
Lawrence O'Donnell interviews empty chair
Man cuts off foot, throws it in furnace to avoid job assignment
Woman Blames McDonald's for Prostitution
Man claims attack by lion, saved by a bear - Paradise Post
Spain's high-class hookers ban sex with bankers 'until they provide more credit for cash-strapped economy'
Autism Puts Children At Risk For Bullying, New Study Shows
Vicar Hospitalised With Potato Up His Bum
Zombie walk plans stumble over Easter
Tacocopter Aims To Deliver Tacos Using Unmanned Drone Helicopters
Millionaire Is Worried it Will Be Awkward When She Demands Money from Homeless Man
Man In Cow Suit Steals 26 Gallons Of Milk From Walmart
68 year old ex-marine shot to death by police in his own home after he accidentally triggered his medical alert service in his sleep.
Iran's Female Ninjas File a Lawsuit
Squeeze your private parts tightly and urinate forcefully after intercourse to keep AIDS at bay
The music industry wants LimeWire to pay more money than exists in the entire world: $75 trillion.
'Twins' Sequel 'Triplets' in the Works for Arnold, DeVito...and Eddie Murphy
Neuroscientists Battle Furiously Over Jennifer Aniston
People Are Taking Out Student Loans to Pay for Kindergarten
Florida guard Erving Walker charged with stealing taco
Being bullied? Just act less gay, advise teachers
Scalia echoes GOP talking points | TPMDC
Kansas lotto player hit by lightning after buying Mega Millions tickets
Girl abandoned in battle to get baby boy
Three New Mexican Men arrested after deputy finds calf in backseat of car
Gay rodeo has improved but still has goat panties.
Italian village makes it illegal to die
The Fountain of Youth: Juvenile Blood
Snake on a plane forces Aussie pilot to make emergency landing
Satellite Image Shows Star Of David On Iranian Airport Building's Roof | Fox News
Russia developing a gun that turns people into zombies (seriously)
Leaving this Mortal Coil With a Bang - you can have your cremated ashes turned into 210 fireworks for a funereal display.
Gay MP attacks Government plans to allow same-sex couples to marry
Coach wins national title, takes entire team to new school
Swede tweets cops to enforce speeding laws on road; police respond by patrolling road the next day. Swede promptly gets caught speeding on section of road he reported the previous day; promptly admits to idiotic mistake. :)
Instructions on a smoke grenade: Don't be a dick
Tide detergent stolen and used as currency
Being Homeless Now A Crime In Hungary
1985 Dictionary of Criticism on Philosophies has not a word against Juche idea, North Korean official outlet proudly points out
Boy almost loses toe in ferocious Puffer Fish attack
Here's a headline you don't see everyday (x-post from r/funny)
Great Headline (x-post from r/funny)
Arizona bill declares women pregnant two weeks before conception
Child on Easter Egg Hunt Found Hand Grenade Instead of an Egg (x-post from r/news)
10-Year Old Girl Gives Birth to Daughter
Chinese people get meaningless English tattoos [xpost from TIL]
Parents are protesting against a proposed apartment block to be built near a Sydney school, claiming paedophiles could watch children from their balconies
Birthers want proof that Mitt Romney was born in America
James Bond Ditches Martinis for Beer - 007 Fans Cry Sell Out
Gravy-wrestling model suffers horrific facial injuries after being hit with monkey wrench when she interrupted a friend having sex (x-post from r/funny)
Columbus residents see potential benefits of sidewalks
Dental X-Rays Might Make It More Likely You'll Have Head Cancer (x-post from r/news)
An imam in France has approved the marriage of two men who had previously married in South Africa, where same-sex marriage is legal, but the French government refuses to recognize it.
Marine Lance Corporal Tries To Attack Japan After Watching 'Pearl Harbor' Movie
Killer agrees to plead guilty.. in exchange for bucket of fried chicken
Soccer is ruining America and we have no one to blame but ourselves.
Pigeons Could Poop Soap, Thanks to a Special Diet - A plan to alter what pigeons eat to turn their feces into soap, to clean up buildings & car windshields raises ethical, legal & practical questions
Drunk at the reins: Four Amish teens arrested after crashing buggy into patrol car
Newt Gingrich Utah Primary Check Bounces
Man sentenced after accidentally shooting woman's mohawk he mistook for bird
Gingrich's check bounced in Utah - UPI.com
Burger King promotes artery-clogging bacon sundae.
Oklahoma woman accused of cooking meth inside Walmart
Drinking Alcohol May Significantly Enhance Problem Solving Skills
Five-Year-Old Boy Takes Heroin to Show and Tell
Death Star Dinosaur Aliens Could Rule Galaxy
Boy, five, brings 50 packets of heroin to school 'show and tell'
Jack Abramoff to Give Ethics Talk at McCombs School of Business
Skyrim publisher files for "Fus Ro Dah" trademark.
China censors Kate Winslet's breasts over fears Titanic 3D audiences will 'reach out for a touch'
Tennessee bill would define holding hands as a "gateway sexual activity."
Police forensic team help save blind author's novel after her pen runs out of ink
4 Amish charged with illegal alcohol possession after buggy collides with police car
Perverted 'Doctor' Sucked on Women's Breasts to Cure Cancer | The Stir
Now You Can Smell Like Fake Whale Vomit - Finally, thanks to modern science, you no longer have to feed a whale a bathing suit full of rotten fish to get a supply of precious ambergris, the whale-vomit-derived material used in perfumes
Santorum Exit Frees Romney to go Left
U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower had three meetings with extraterrestrials says ex-government consultant
FBI led to Anonymous hacker after girlfriend places photo of her breasts online.
Naked Vermont governor almost eaten by bears
Naked maids will soon be sweeping through Houston
Who Drummer Keith Moon Asked To Perform At 2012 Olympics Ceremony
Leader demands ice hockey for desert state Turkmenistan
Let's solve income inequality by giving everyone $10 million dollar loans!
Birds Can Tell If You Are Watching Them Because They Are Watching You
Adobe to introduce Subscription based models for the Creative Suite. US$129 per month.
Weightlifter shoots self in shoulder after dropping weights on a bullet.
Gingrich: Give a Gun to 'Every Person on the Planet'
Brazil Police arrest three people for killing a woman and using her flesh to make empanadas
C word on Twitter now a crime in UK
Enlightened Chinese farmer branches out by growing pears shaped like the baby buddha
George Washington has been named as the greatest foe ever faced by the British
Some people are gay in space. Get over it
El Salvador marks murder-free day
El Salvador has its first murder-free day in three years
Brides-to-Be Using Feeding Tubes to Rapidly Shed Pounds
An anti-pornography film was banned due to pornographic content.
English Ultranationalist League Leader Inadvertently Starts Comedy Twitter Hash Tag
Hubby watching porn online finds film starring his wife
Secret Service Agents Recalled Because They Allegedly Didn't Pay Hooker
Low attendance puzzles Cape storytelling festival organizers
Tupac 'Hologram' May Go on Tour
Physicist Writes Four Page Scientific Paper To Avoid Paying Traffic Ticket
Kindergartner throws tantrum at school, is handcuffed by police
Forest Service considering explosives to get rid of frozen cows in Colorado mountain cabin.
Taliban commander turns self in... for reward on 'Wanted' poster
Nude college student, high on shrooms, spooks a local 10 year old girl and is tasered by police for resisting arrest.
Prank at the Pentagon went unnoticed for years
Police: Gun pulled following poorly attended ska show
Woman impregnated at Motorhead concert seeks father on Craigslist
Newt Gingrich bitten by penguin at zoo, a place where he loves to go
Swedish minister in racist cake controversy
Los Angeles Bans Tossing Football And Frisbees On Beach
Fastest Man on Four Legs: He holds a Guinness record for his just under 20-second time for running 100 meters on four legs.
Elderly Woman Locks Officer In Basement, Receives $95K Settlement
FBI: Motorcycle Gang Trademarked Logo to Keep Narcs at Bay
Farmer Eaten Alive By Chickens In New Herman Cain Ad
Six year old pays for father's $10,000 medical bill with lemonade stand
Mystery company backed by James Cameron and Google executives may be an asteroid mining project [xpost from /r/tech]
A cloud of pot busts lingers over college football. When Brandon arrived at Michigan in 2010 after serving as the CEO of Domino's Pizza for 11 years, he says he was surprised to learn how infrequently the Wolverines were actually tested
Court OKs Barring High IQs for Cops
Pregnancy begins 2 weeks before conception now the law in Arizona
McDonald's rolls out McBaguette in France
Driver crashes into telegraph pole in middle of spacious desert
Kim Kardashian to run for mayor of Glendale - CNN.com
A woman injured during sex in her hotel room during a work trip is entitled to compensation. (x-post from r/humor)
3 killed in Texas cockfight shooting
English soccer captain suffers career ending pregnancy
American Nuns Busted for Being a Crazy Bunch of Radical Feminists
NY Banker unwittingly emails date a spreadsheet rating her and other women.
Fourth-graders meet with top Pentagon leaders to talk about peace
Miami Dolphins sign Les Brown, a 24 year old accountant and former college basketball player who last played football in high school
Pilot forgets to lower landing gear because he's texting
16 Amish Plead Not Guilty to Forcibly Cutting Hair of Other Amish in Feud. Ringleader's Name is Mullet.
F**king residents want their town name changed
Truck driver takes wrong turn, hauls 268,000 rounds of ammo into Mexico
NASA scientist claims environmentally-minded aliens may kill all humans because of global warming.
Woman arrested after shop dummy entered as Aberdeen council election candidate
Pregnant Man, Thomas Beatie, Separates From Wife.
TIL an 87-Year-old man killed three people at his home for the elderly by dressing up as the grim reaper and peering through their windows. (xpost from TIL)
Gay porn interrupts Canadian local TV newscast
Microsoft idea: Analyze Facebook posts to deduce mood, interests, education
New York eighth graders tested on the pineapple and the hare
Man fined for keeping penguin as pet
Earth Day co-founder killed, composted girlfriend (x-post r/history)
Boyband contracts chlamydia from a koala
University of Florida Eliminates Computer Science Department, Increases Athletic Budgets.
Hunter aims at hog, hits girlfriend
Urban Outfitters tee offers 'Auschwitz Chic'
The Oops in the 'O' for Oregon
Saudi boy, 4, kills his father, who refused to buy him PlayStation
"Rebellious" Christians Put "In God We Trust" stickers on license plates in Georgia; Now you may have to pay not to have it
Investors Accidentally Fires Entire Company Via Email
Va. couple accidentally shot at gun safety class
Mysterious Rainbow River of Pills Appears In China
Asteroid Mining Venture Backed by Google Execs, James Cameron Unveiled
Pope Says American Nuns Too Focused On Poor, Not Enough On Gay Bashing
Job security: Fargo ND police. You can a.) Have sex with a teenager in your squad car and b.) leave your squad car unlocked, allowing a thief to steal handcuffs, Taser, ammo and bulletproof vest and not endanger your job at all.
Another 'Heart Attack Grill' customer collapses while eating 'Bypass Burger'.
Talking pineapple question on state exam stumps ... everyone!
Florida man mistakes girlfriend for hog, shoots her.
"Hugh Hefner declares war on bedroom politics" (x-post from r/news)
Doctors: Teens Getting Drunk Off Hand Sanitizer
World Peace given 7-game suspension for elbow to the head
Colbert interviews Don McLeroy, a creationist arguing against science in textbooks.
Woman starves to death on sunlight diet.
Woman starved to death trying to live on sunlight alone
Scots village Dull to officially twin with US town Boring
N.Y. Worker Who Donated Kidney Tells Boss, 'I Want It Back' - Careers Articles (xpost from wtf)
Reporter tells her story after being viciously attacked on live TV
Amanda Dougherty, Junior At Catholic High School, Banned From Prom For Having No Date
Man Tried To Have Wife Killed As His 'Birthday Present,' Cops Say
Prosecute Wal-Mart, but get rid of anti-bribery law (Lolbertarians strike again)
One Direction, boy band in the UK, warned - may have caught chlamydia from Australian koala.
'Farewell Intercourse' law allowing sex with dead wives sparks fury in Egypt
Man forced to do the moonwalk at gunpoint
Thinking can undermine religious faith, study finds
Man soils pants with portable meth lab during traffic stop. [FP]
Dr. Seuss quotes considered political messaging in B.C. teachers' dispute
Woman kills man by squeezing testicles in street fight
Gordon Ramsay sex dwarf found dead in badger sett
Dentist pulls out boyfriend's teeth after he dumps her.
Dentist pulls out all of boyfriend's teeth after he dumps her
Kazakhstan thanks Borat for boosting tourism in country
London 2012: Missiles may be placed at residential flats
Man builds ark after flood warning
Man sues BMW for 20-month erection after bike ride (x-post from r/news)
French Presidential Candidate Uses Jay-Z and Kanye's "Niggas in Paris" in Campaign Ad
Norwegians sing to annoy mass killer
Hartford Man Stole $11,450 In Jewelry, Sold It For $642 to Fast Eddy, "For fast cash and the HIGHEST prices paid..."
Sega Begins Sales of Urine-Powered 'Toylet' Videogame
2 teens hit while sunbathing in the middle of the road
Fat girl says bar discriminates against her
The Salt and Ice Challenge
Newark and Camden metro areas among 25 safest in the US
Louis The Third went to a fraternity party, stood around while fraternity kids drank, and when one of them tried to shoot a bottle rocket of out his ass, he was "startled" and fell off of the deck and injured himself.
Dentist pulls out all of her ex-boyfriend's teeth after split
Teen bites dog: You think we're making it up?
State Raids Lobster Operation
Stud bin Laden used sex potion, Just for Men
Rick Santorum Denies Photographing Lindsay Lohan
Fourth Lawyer Not Yet Stabbed With Pencil in Trial of Man Who Stabbed Three Lawyers With a Pencil (x-post from r/law)
Blind Dog Gets Guide Dog
Prison Officials Want Masturbating Inmates Labeled As Sex Offenders
Battle in Sydney suburb between neighbours wielding chainsaws and katanas.
Russian religious activists use holy water to disperse Pussy Riot supporters in Moscow
New Jersey mom busted for putting 5-year-old in tanning booth
Coroner: UK spy found in sports bag likely killed - Yahoo! News
NJ mom arrested over 6-year-old's alleged tanning visit
WTF: Elijah Wood Cast in Indie Thriller Pitched as 'Speed' at a Piano (x-post r/movies)
Drunk Welsh tourists steal penguin from Seaworld while on vacation
Seattle's own Phoenix Jones (resident superhero) is called out by a new Supervillain, Rex Velvet.
Pregnancy begins two weeks before conception. That defies science Arizona!!!
Researchers released a shark with lasers on it into the ocean to study behavior. [xpost from /r/science]
Duke Nukem Forever goes back to being unreleased.
Foul Play Likely in Case of Spy Found Dead in Bag
Ice Cube on Charles and Ray Eames. Not an Onion headline.
Obiwan Kenobi arrested in connection to Roseville hit, run
Man's portable meth lab explodes in his pants (x-post from r/humor)
Adults Concerned That No School on Mondays Means More Unprotected Sex
Pet parakeet returned to Japanese owner after telling police his address - New York News | New York Breaking News | NYC Headlines. X-Post from /r/offbeat
Alexander Graham Bell used Kickstarter-like program to fund telephone
Pabst Sends Beer Man To Replace Student's PBR Stolen At Forkpoint
Scientist Invents Spray That'll Get You Instantaneously Drunk-But Just for a Few Seconds
Cops: Bullet casing falls out of suspect's rear end during search
Duel with samurai sword vs chain saw breaks out at funeral reception
Image of kissing policemen has been named the single work of art that best expresses British identity
Neo-Nazis Endorse North Carolina Amendment One
Hang-gliding pilot in custody as police await arrival of swallowed memory card
Private prisons & record execs conspire to make hip-hop more violent
Legos: How One Vulgar, Ambidextrous Toy Opened the Door for Gay "Marriage" in Denmark
Twitter admits to major oversight: "We forgot about our iPad app"
A Vanity Wikipedia Entry Will Cost You $300
North Carolina Pastor Advocates Punching Gay Acting Children
Man Struck By Lightning In Scrotum
Man sets mouse on fire. Mouse burns down man's house.
Arizona woman fakes breast cancer for free boob job
Serial underwear thief caught, after stealing over 200 pairs of ladies' underwear
Drugs smugglers leave bag on airport carousel
Alabama Politician Obsessed with Donating Sperm
Former 'Guns & Ammo' editor charged with murdering a friend with a gun and ammo
Scientists spills coffee, decides to study effects of spilled coffee.
Dinosaurs' own farts my have caused their extinction.
Sheriff's Deputy Fired Over Inmate Dancing Demands
Thought this belonged here. [X-post from WTF]
Man pulled over for drunk driving discovered to be carrying small monkey in his trunk.
Man breaks into former MMA fighter's house. Things do not go well...
Man arrested for hiding marijuana in her vagina
Dolphins killed after clubbers 'gave them drugs' during rave at Swiss zoo
Australian billionaire to build Titanic II
Demon Denim - How Jeans are Ruining America
Chinese-Made Infant Flesh Capsules Seized in South Korea
My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic is racist!
UK may require you to buy a porn license to view porn
Escaped cow visits McDonald's drive-thru window
1200 Californians cause gridlock when they show up simultaneously for the same jury
Dinosaur flatulence may have warmed Earth
Parents arrested for strapping kids to roof of car after buying alcohol - fox59.com
Man exposes himself at Association for the Blind
Woman arrested for hiding marijuana...in her vagina.
Is Your Interior Designer Putting Your Life At Risk?
White girl who fronts Japanese rock band is actually a Swedish boy
5-year-old girl nearly drowns in Sonic's grease pit
Patient undergoing surgery beats up for surgeons because he was in a bad mood (xpost from /r/wtf)
Dolphins Die of Drug Overdose after Swiss Rave Read more: http://newsfeed.time.com/2012/05/08/dolphins-die-of-drug-overdose-in-switzerland/#ixzz1uNVlgbUf
Michele Bachmann claims Swiss citizenship
Man Mistakenly Arrested and Sent to Jail for Dead Twin Brother's Crime
Stuffed Animals Packing Heat at RI Airport
Louise Mensch MP claims the public loathe the Human Rights Act.
Texas School Misspells Own Name for 9 Years
Obama Flip-Flops, Declares War on Marriage
Obama declares support for gay marriage
Man tried to use a fake ID that belonged to the bouncer carding him
Man runs down sister over urinating cat
Representative Michele Bachmann becomes a Swiss citizen
Baby, 18 Months Old, Ordered off Plane at Fort Lauderdale Airport
Wife hits husband with SUV after fight over Wisconsin recall election."These crazy liberal nuts are always pulling this crap," he told the Journal Sentinel, noting that both he and his brother were supporters of Republican Gov. Scott Walker.
Contrary to popular wisdom, the rich don't control Washington. The poor and the middle-class do.
The rich don't control Washington | Marketplace from American Public Media
Man orders prostitute, daughter arrives
Texas Elementary school misspells its own name for 9 years.
Gay man files lawsuit claiming employer has pro-gay hiring policy
California TV Ad Says Immigration Causes Global Warming
Michele Bachmann renounces Swiss citizenship
Teacher on Unpaid Leave for Forcing Students to Wear 'Cone of Shame'
Bristol Palin responds to Obama - same-sex marriage is wrong because kids need a Mom and Dad.
Scientists turn the page on the Mayan calendar and find more years after 2012 after all
Aaron Rodgers talks about what he's looking for in a center's buttocks
Cee Lo Green and his cat remix the 'Meow Mix' theme song
Man confesses to murders that happened over 30 years ago
Crews battling 4-alarm fire at Woodburn High School
Cyclist spots stolen bike on Craigslist, steals it back
Report: Dolphins died of drug overdose after rave
Idaho Sheriff's Candidate Hosts Cross Burning
Government Issues Study of a Study About Studies
Lack of babies could mean the extinction of the Japanese people
US taxpayers getting cut of 'Passion of the christ' prequel
Baseball team forfeits championship game rather than play with a girl
Buddhist Monks Caught in High-Stakes Cash Game Scandal (x-post from r/poker)
New law forbidding "gateway sexual activity,"... "Kissing and hugging are the last stop before reaching Groin Central Station, so it's important to ban all the things that lead to the things that lead to sex"
BBC News - Man stabbed to death by cockfighting bird
Beaverton church sues family after they criticize it online
Rand Paul: I Didn't Think Obama's Views On Marriage 'Could Get Any Gayer'
Egypt funeral turns happy after dead man awakes
Famous punk rock star turning into a woman.
Boy, 11, bombarded with porn on sleepover
Peanuts in baby formula could prevent peanut allergies
[What an ass]Dad sews son's butt rather than taking him to hospital.
"Oops!" says Navy, "We may be deafening whales. Sorry about that."
Solution to snake problem: parachute in poisoned mice
6th graders made porn video at school
Mother tries to get likes on facebook by killing her own baby
Teen wears enough Axe Body Spray to set of his high school's fire alarm.
Knight riding across Canada for valour
BREAKING: Romney Announces Support for Corporations to Marry
Facebook testing pay to promote your posts
Freddie Mercury hologram confirmed to play with Queen
Women must bathe less, shave heads to avoid AIDS
Kodak Had a Nuclear Reactor with Enough Weapons-grade Uranium to Start their Own War
Swiss Accidentally Invade Liechtenstein
Greece: More than half police officers voted Neonazi party
Engravings of Female Genitalia May Be World's Oldest Cave Art
Detroit Judge proud of leaked sexts
Man successfully robs internet cafe, but forgets to log out of his facebook account
In an appeal to middle America on Tuesday, Mitt Romney will compare the national debt to a rapidly growing fire hurtling across a prairie.
My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding Ruined My Life: An Open Letter to Channel 4 | TV & Film | Sabotage Times
Thieves Steal $500,000 In Medical Equipment Loaded With Flesh-Eating Bacteria
Holding hands is a "gateway" to sexual behaviour and mentions of it should be banned in schools, says governer
Dozens of raccoons invade Brazoria County neighborhood
Apple has to patch Siri to stop saying the Nokia Lumia 900 is the 'best smartphone ever'
Mexican Jihad: America's southern neighbor quickly emerging as Islamist threat | Right Side News
Man shoots friend in leg because he wanted to know what it feels like to get shot.
15-year-old schoolgirl died after 'doctor mistook tuberculosis for lovesickness' [x-post from worldnews]
Tea Party group opposes a sister city plan with a Russian city because they think it's a communist invasion.
Newark airport security supervisor stole identity of murder victim 20 years ago - 4 months before the murder
Police baffled by mystery hairdryers in New Zealand
Man who got in gunfight with northern California police must begin the first part of his punishment...writing a book report.
Firefighter arrested: Charged with arson
Teen arrested after homework left behind at crime scene
Icelandic politician moves 30-ton boulder onto his property so he can hang out with elves
Michael Caine Trapped in Dressing Room
A Wife Beating Congressman, a Mail-Order Bride Service, & a Men's Rights Group Improbably Join Forces to defeat the Violence Against Women Act
Police Taser Use on Pregnant Woman Goes Before Court
Teenager found guilty of murder after conkers row
So-called "right wing extremist" arrested and abused for taking pictures at an airport
Canada, taking field trips to a whole 'nother level.
School sued for failing to get girl into law.
Apple iPhone's Siri recommends HTC as a better phone
Iceland and Greenland consider adopting Canada's currency.
No Joke: George W. Bush Writing a Book on Economic Growth
Ford, GM and BMW linked to illegal logging and slave labour in Brazil
Man Arrested for Ejaculation during a TSA Pat down
Henry Kissinger, in wheelchair, gets TSA pat-down -
Ansonia Man To Be Burned At Stake, Admission Free For Kids Under 5
GM discovers why $10M Facebook campaign was ineffective: it never began
Emo Haircuts May Cause A Lazy Eye
Man who fathered 30 kids says he needs a break-on child support
Man called 911 to report phone problems - UPI.com
Man who had 30 kids with 11 women wants child-support break.
Davis High fined $15,000 for selling soda - Salt Lake City,
Illinois requires your home address when applying for a homeless identification card.
BIRTH HORROR : BABY'S HEAD TORN OFF DURING BIRTH
Texas school district apologizes for 'retarded' comment in yearbook
Assange stands 'real chance' of election in Australia
Hundreds of pet owls abandoned after Harry Potter craze fades
Half-naked woman in hot pink duct tape attacks, injures 3 cops
Facebook split: Indian woman divorcing husband who failed to change his relationship status to married
Elderly man assaulted, Arrested in ensuing chaos.
Driver beaten after car veers into bikers
Drunk golfer uses city as driving range.
Faulty coffee mugs made to celebrate US president Barack Obama's Australia visit have been destroyed in a "mafia-style execution".
Man severs real estate President's arm with katana
CONGRESSMEN SEEK TO 'LEGALIZE THE USE OF PROPAGANDA ON AMERICAN AUDIENCES'
Italy quake destroys $326 million worth of cheese (x-post from /r/worldnews)
'Donkey rape' sparks tribal massacre in Yemen
Man charged with assault for slapping loud kid in theater
Ronald Reagan's blood now For sale online
AFA Reveals God's Warning To Home Depot
Man dies after ingesting 10lbs of bacon, rectally.
Beach rocks ignite it woman's pocket, severely burning her
After near-death experience, shark becomes vegetarian
Grand Rapids School Suspends 60 High School Seniors for biking to school... banned from annual last day Senior walk through school
Man arrested for playing too much cowbell
Dumb New Jersey bitch says she was fired for being "too hot"
Dispatcher Snores During Panicked 911 Call (With Recording)
Joe Arpaio, Sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, sends investigative posse, including a sheriff's deputy, to Hawaii to investigate the President's claim to have been born in that state, all using taxpayers' money
How to reduce HIV in Zimbabwe? Make women uglier.
Beijing sets 'two flies only' public toilet guidelines
2nd-Grader Who Dressed As Martin Luther King, Jr. In Black Face Paint, Wants Apology From School
Man arrested for drunk driving while his pet ZEBRA and MACAW were in the passenger's seat
Man Arrested After Taking Zebra, Parrot to Bar - He was charged with drunk driving after leaving with a zebra & parrot in the front of his truck. "I said, 'Let's go for a ride.' I ain't been away from the farm for 2 months. So I opened the door, the zebra & macaw jump in, so we went for a ride."
Student Allegedly Gave Semen-Laced Cupcake To Classmate Then Threatened To Burn Down Principal's House
Man Arrested For Drunk Driving With A Zebra
No Joke: Man Who Tried to Enter Bar with Zebra and Parrot Arrested for Drunk Driving
Mississippi Town Regulates Menstrual Cycles
Ken Bennett, AZ Secretary Of State, Backs Away From Birther Request & Apologizes
Mets ride Dickey to 3-2 win over Pirates
Dad traps toddler in active washing machine
Drunk Chinese couple buries car-hit victim alive
Ted Kaczynski, the Unabomber, lists himself in Harvard 1962 alumni report; says 'awards' include eight life sentences
Westboro Baptist Church to picket Nickleback concert, citing concerns they are Canadian.
Marylou's Coffee being investigated for discrimination - Boston News
Nebraska man changes name to Tyrannosaurus Rex
Man arrested after trying to give baby to passing drivers
Black Eyed Peas Rapper Peddles Climate Change...While Using Gas-Guzzling 'Hip.Hop.Copter'
Chef Cooks Penis, Serves It Up for Dinner in Tokyo
Police dog called to testify in traffic case
Man Admitted to Hospital for Kidney Stone, Discovers He's a Woman
Beer-guzzling cows crash backyard party
Priest Removed From Ministry Due To Sex Abuse Allegations Now Works with TSA
Teenager squatted in AOL's offices for two months unnoticed - Telegraph
Police say roving cows drank Mass. backyard brews
Naked man killed by Police near MacArthur Causeway was 'eating' face off victim
Harvard alumni association apologizes for including Unabomber's remarks in class directory
New Mexico Fire Grows, Forces Ghost Town Evacuation
Fart joke mistaken as bomb threat lands college student in jail.
USA Today: Ongoing conflict severely limits tourism in Afghanistan
Are Porn and Video Games Basically the Same Thing?
Naked man shot dead by police as he chewed victim's face off by side of freeway
Zookeeper intent on duty licks monkey's butt to help it poo
Contractor bites Lowe's employees, resists arrest
Naked face-eating man shot dead by police
Obama Pledges No More Wars Unless 'Absolutely Necessary'
Israeli officers face 18,000 years in jail
Mark Zuckerburg, Creator of Facebook, criticized over wedding ring he bought for his wife
Rape victim ate chicken in a 'suggestive' way
Australian Prime Minister warns against planking, calls are made to illegalise the practice
Man shot eating another man's face identified (zombies attack Miami?)
Slimmer TVs actually weigh less than bulkier ones, study discovers
Robert Mugabe appointed as UN international envoy for tourism
Facebook photo of a pile of cash leads to home invasion
Robert Mugabe appointed as UN envoy for tourism
Human foot mailed to Canadian Conservative Party
Man rams into Taco Bell over missing taco
Family robbed after teen posts photo of money on Facebook (xpost)
Mugabe to be appointed IN ambassador for tourism
The vision of Ukraine as a country located somewhere in remote Africa will take root
Man's car warns of air raid over London
Woman sues Pepsico when she finds out crunchberries aren't a real fruit
Back-to-back asteroids zipped harmlessly past Earth this week causing no harm or danger.
Guards forgot to lock them in, so murderers bake a cake
Snake-handling pastor (who watched his father die from snake bite) dies... from snake bite.
Russian Millionaire Tosses Paper Money Planes Out of Office Window, Laughs as People Brawl Over Them(xpost)
The Zombie Apocalypse is Spreading
New Jersey man stabbed himself, threw skin and intestines at cops
NC Considers Making Sea Level Rise Illegal
BBC News - Black Americans can't swim
Gay porn actor suspected of dismembering, mailing body parts
Powerful 'Flame' cyberweapon tied to popular Angry Birds game
The Waffle House Index: An Unofficial Guide To Storm Damage « CBS Dallas / Fort Worth
In saving the California Condor from extinction, officials inadvertently wiped out another entire species, a louse that lived only on those 23 birds
Idaho bans Utah's Five Wives vodka because of "offensive label."
Military Drops Candy to Afghan Children, Kills 51.
I think we can all agree this was an honest mistake.
Two Shot in Detroit After Argument Over Kool-Aid
Brooklyn Gang Members Accept Cop's Friend Request, Get Arrested (x-post r/nyc)
Teenage girl steals money from girl scouts because she likes money and such
Is Mitt Romney a unicorn? 25,000 sign petition to find out
Time for a new name? Corn refiners want high fructose corn syrup to be "corn sugar"
Proposed ban on soft drinks in containers larger than 16 ounces
FDA announces recall on Toxic Waste brand Nuclear Sludge, citing health concerns
U.N. takeover of the Internet must be stopped, U.S. warns [x-post from worldnews]
Student Ate Roommate's Brain And Heart, Cops Say
Passenger kicked off flight for sleeping with eyes open.
Cases of Fast Food Rage
Scientists confirm existence of 'old person smell'
Disturbing Video Allegedly Shows Montreal Torso Suspect Murdering Victim
You could choose a human if you preferred, but it was a novelty for many of the men to have sex with an orangutan: Repost From r/todayilearned/
Moscow Mistakenly Plants Field of Marijuana Instead of Grass(yet another xpost)
Nook version of War and Peace turns the word "kindled" into "Nookd" | Ars Technica
North Carolina tries to outlaw scientific predictions of rising sea-levels
Verne Troyer trapped in airplane toilet
New York Times bestseller turns out to be plagiarized twilight fanfiction
Rap Artist GZA and Neil DeGrasse Tyson are uniting to make a rap album about the stars (x-post from r/science)
Homeless Woman Snatches Baby From Stroller, Tries to Eat Its Arm
Bear Eats Corpse of Convicted Murderer in Canada
Burglar steals coins from wishing well.
Revealed: Victim of Canadian porn star cannibal is Chinese gay lover as police reveal 'murderer' is on the run in France... dressed as a woman
Man from Decatur, Alabama tries to "shoot out" aching tooth (x-post from /r/news)
US Government Denies Zombie Apocalypse
Conservatives Attack Scientific Findings About Why They Hate Science
Argument in Detroit over Kool-Aid leads to gunshots, two hurt
Man takes dead cat, stuffs it and turns it into a remote control helicopter
Stephen Hawking Dead at 28
Asian father abandons daughter in mall for getting a bad grade on a math test
Congressional Urinal Explodes and Floods Press Gallery: DCist
Man poses as police officer; works shifts at watch house for a month
LA County finds health-code violations in Skid Row
Gay pastor dies in sex and drugs party
Space shuttle Enterprise damaged at sea
Newly-weds auction off wedding night sex
Oracle Sues Patent Troll for Behaving Like Oracle
Man divorces wife after she brings home 550 cats...
Seeking to attract Hispanics, Romney focuses on jobs
Dead Obese Woman Carried So Much Fat She Set Crematorium on Fire (x-post /r/WTF)
Man arrested for assaulting prostitute with a hammer; wanted to be like Ted Bundy
Chinese secretly copy Austrian town
Dead obese woman had so much body fat she set the building on fire during her cremation (X-post from worldnews)
"show us what makes you proud to be British" tweet appered on the Twitter page of Starbucks Ireland.
America: The Gold Standard in Sperm [NSFW]
"An overweight white dude" steals a flag from a man in a chicken costume
Scottish village 'Dull' twinned with US town 'Dull'.
Scottish village 'Dull' twinned with US town 'Boring'.
Police: Drunk Indiana Man Strapped 4 Children To Hood Of Car, Fled Liquor Store
Every song on this CD is excellent. I love the radio station format and the mix of musical styles. When I first saw that David Banner was featured on
Alabama shows UN who's boss by banning land sustainability plan - State thinks it's a land grab conspiracy
Peter Molyneux's Curiosity has in-game DLC costing $78,000
Catalina Clouser, Ariz. teen., allegedly drove off with baby on car roof
Police Searching for 'Smurf' in Forest of Dean
Zombie Bullets In High Demand Following Flesh-Eating Attacks
'100-midget march' to protest the new Snow White movie
Toys cannot hold protest because they are not citizens of Russia, officials rule
I personally did not like the arrangements on this CD. You can't tell how it sounds by the clips, because they only play the parts when they are actua
China copies entire Austrian village
Robber holds up newsagent whilst casually carrying a cup of coffee
Beezow Doo-Doo Zopittybop-Bop-Bop, 30, Arrested By Madison, Wisc. Police
North Korea ships malware-infected games to South Korean users, uses them to launch DDoS attacks
Video game will have £50,000 add-on to buy a diamond pickaxe in-game.
Bake Sale for NASA: Scientists to Sell Milky Way Cupcakes, Wash Cars (xpost from /r/humor)
Local school district declares rosaries are now gang signs
Republicans Trolled by 'Weedlord Bonerhitler' In Online Healthcare Petition Stunt
Syrup truck spills on Buttermilk Pike; in other news I am hungry.
[UPDATE] Web of Doubt Surrounds Indian Spider Attack
Somali Islamists offer 10 camels as bounty for Obama
Warsaw [Indiana] man gets 2 years for exposing himself to Amish children
Walmart breaks bad: active meth lab found inside Missouri store
(x-post from /r/science) Antarctic penguins display sexual depravity
Bird dispute led to stabbing
Dutch man turns dead cat into remote controlled airplane
RCMP drive over assault victim while responding to a call about the assault.
PETA.xxx Site Launches, Featuring Sexy Photos & Animal Abuse
Raunchy dance routine a PR nightmare for Microsoft
Police investigating toothpick heist...400,000 toothpicks stolen (xpost from offbeat)
Ronald MacDonald robs Wendy's, loses job (x-post from /r/todayilearned)
Peacocks & Feral Chickens Invade Lancashire Village - Fighting peacocks are even causing traffic jams. Villagers don't know where they've come from, but their mysterious arrival follows a plague of wild chickens running rampant through the village.
Father Forces 10-Year-Old Daughter to Eat Feces As Punishment
Cat is summoned for jury duty in Boston; court rejects owners' appeal to disqualify him
Bear Cub Tied to Pole
High school diplomas misspelled graduation
Ron Paul Releases his own Line of Chocolate Bars
Greek politician to sue the woman he punched on live television
Jerk-Off contest in Kalamazoo
Hitchhiker writing a memoir called "The Kindness of America" injured in drive-by shooting
UK PM David Cameron forgets 8-year-old daughter in pub
Cross-dressing University of Georgia Professor Charged with Prostitution
Turtles split after 115 years together
Ron Paul Launches his own line of Chocolate Bars
A North Georgia chapter of the Ku Klux Klan has applied to adopt a stretch of highway in Union County, Georgia. "People throwing trash out on the side of the road ... that ain't right," the chapter secretary said
AMC alerts viewers of DISH dropping the channel, DISH retaliates by replacing AMC programming with Nickelback concert(xpost)
$28 cabbage, $65 chicken, and other insane food prices in Northern Canada
Australian coroner finds dingo took baby
Florida woman doused in gas, set on fire at store
Authorities Investigate Lungs Found on L.A. Sidewalk
People of Nunavut, Canada Tired of Paying $30 for Coffee, $65/lb. for Chicken, $35 for a bottle of V8, & $28 for cabbage
Massachusetts town OKs $20 fine for swearing in public
KKK group aims to adopt highway for litter control
'Kindness of America' Author Ray Dolin Shot While Hitchhiking Across U.S.
Hitchhiker writing 'The Kindness of America' memoir shot by motorist in Montana
Coroner finds dingo took Australian baby
STUDY: Brooklyn experiencing highest influx of white people in the U.S.
White House softball team loses to pro marijuana team "The One Hitters"
Man was pepper-sprayed, clubbed, punched, cuffed, and tasered by cops after having a car accident during a diabetic attack, then died of cardiac arrest while over 50 people responded.
Linux Weekly News discusses whether having GPL code in missiles counts as distributing that code
Two 'witches' detained in Romania on extortion charges, TV presenter handed over £378,000 in exchange for spells said to involve animal sacrifice
German research team who found that young Muslims were responsible for much of the rise in anti-Semitic attacks told several times by the European Union to change their findings in order to avoid promoting divisiveness
Massachusetts town approves $20 fine for swearing in public - [x-post /r/news]
Mom puts 'Angel Dust' in kid's food (x- post from r/WTF)
Samsung planning Facebook-like social network, codenamed 'Samsung Facebook'
North Dakota to vote on abolishing property tax bringing in $800 million/year: "Measure 2, as the proposal is called on the ballot, would require state government to make up for property tax revenue lost by local governments but doesn't specify how."
Wells Fargo would rather See Poor People Mugged than Allow Them to Deposit to a WELLS FARGO ACCOUNT!
Americans For Prosperity Plans Protest Against 'Extremist' Kids Flying Kites (x-post from r/Green)
Police in 19-hour stand-off with man wielding bottle of Cillit Bang
Bigger Displays Use More Bandwidth WSJ Blogs [x-post Technology]
Cop dies during three-way sex, widow wins lawsuit for $2 million.
Cop dies during three-way sex, widow wins lawsuit for $3 million.
Last Tenant of soon to be redeveloped apartment complex found decapitated with chainsaw - Not Suspicious, say Police
Latest in BP Oil Spill Trial Reveals That Actor Stephen Baldwin Threatened to Smear Kevin Costner by Feeding Personal Info about Costner to 'The New York Times'
Montreal Teacher Shows Class Video of Luka Magnotta Stabbing & Dismembering Chinese Lover Jun Lin - School officials are treating the incident "very seriously"
Teacher Burns & Cuts Asian Teens in Ritual to Expel Demons
Illinois man flees home naked after finding spider in bed
Man With 100-pound Scrotum Needs $1M for Surgery
Entitlement mentality creates greedy poor
Swedish Left Party Chapter Wants To Make Urinating While Standing Illegal For Men
Foxconn Worker Jumps From Apartment, Ends Suicide Lull
Romney Campaign Bus Circling, Honking At Obama Speech Site
What's the difference between North Dakota and North Dakota State? Fuck if the NCAA knows. NDSU won the FCS title in January, but the NCAA accidentally mailed the championship banner to UND. (x-post from r/cfb)
Mathematicians finally solve whether to leave the toilet seat up or down
Alaska town left devastated after news that they're getting a Taco Bell turns out to be a hoax
Dutch artist turns dead cat into a helicopter
BBC News - NeverSeconds blogger Martha Payne 'banned' from taking school dinner photos
New Statesman - Michigan Democrat barred from state legislature for saying "vagina"
"You're calling 911 because you don't like way that they're making your sandwich?" [xpost from /r/offbeat]
The strange case ofawoman and the squid that triedto inseminate her mouth.
Glenn Beck Vows To Single-Handedly Destroy 'Glee'
The ban on a nine-year-old girl taking photographs of her school meals has been lifted
Turkey: Kurd with lemon accused of supporting terror
Man protesting motorcycle helmet laws, dies from head injury. (X-post from TIL from wankd0rf)
Plague confirmed in Oregon patient who tried to remove rodent from cat's mouth - The Washington Post
Cooked Squid Inseminates Woman's Mouth - Doctors found she had "small, white spindle-shaped bug-like organisms" lodged in her tongue, cheek & gums. The dead squid's live sperm had penetrated her mouth.
Police: Taser Used On Nude 80-Year-Old Woman Attempting Hit Officers With Cane « CBS Charlotte
Man charged with driving while a woman was stuck to his fender
Man calls 911 over incorrect sandwich order.
My hometown! Veterans Group protests bunny ahhht (that's art for all you non-Bostonians)
Charles Marshall Accused Of Having Sex With Teddy Bear For Fourth Time
Advocates protest charges against rifle-carrying teen
Man Turns One Date Into 18 Years of Stalking
Albania PM to fight 'coup' effects with Lady Gaga
Woman Got A Mouthful Of Hairy Spider Surprise in Her Chef Boyardee Ravioli - "I spit it up...I screamed, rinsed my mouth out & I must have brushed my teeth till my teeth hurt."
Christian missionaries with pig's head crash Arab-American festival in Michigan
Ethnic minority turn to Jesus as more affordable option
Lionsgate rumoured to be rebooting Twilight franchise already
Tortoises Divorce After 115 Years Together
Fears for road safety after a duck is killed by a rogue driver
During a bank robbery, a customer panicked and stole the robbers' getaway car.
Almost 120,000 Christians pledge to vote for Jesus Christ as president this November [no, it's not TheOnion]
FunnyJunk's lawyer sues American Cancer Society and The Oatmeal for "trademark infringement."
Vatican blames the media and the Devil for Catholic Church's recent troubles
Octopus Hitches Ride on Dolphin's Genitals
You know what they say about Fight Church.... wait, what?
White nationalists to start lobbying Congress - RT
Chinese Businessman Makes Up a Fake U.S. Bank - and "Buys" It
Man Arrested for OWI with Zebra, Parrot in Front Seat of Truck
Man Arrested After Repeatedly Calling 911, Claiming To Be The President And Asking To Speak To Tebow...
'Episodes' uses Google Translate for a Hebrew headstone, instead of 'He will be dearly missed' it erroneously reads 'He was pickled at great expense'
'Facebook for Animals' Tested On Wild Great Tits
European wildlife tourists visit last known colony of black-eyed white prairie dogs only to find the Texas city had just poisoned them all
Partially cooked squid inseminates woman's mouth - NY Daily News
Accuser: Sandusky called himself 'tickle monster'
Adele Hit Wakes Child From Coma
A dingo ate her baby.
Romney: "America has a long history of heckling"
Prince William doesn't want to live in a world without rhinos
Chinese village finds rare double-headed mushroom, but it's actually a dildo
Woman Arrested For Groping TSA Supervisor
Man with 100lb. scrotum refuses surgery to fix it
Youtube flags filmmaker over the sound of the wind
Vets think contacts may help out depressed elephant.
Gym Bans Skinny People
Dead boy rises from his coffin to ask for a drink
"Pedobear" Shows Up At The Courthouse For Jerry Sandusky's Trial
Huckabee worries EPA could say Baptists use 'too much water' for baptisms
"dangerous walking" (eg. texting) banned in N.J. town
Ring Tone Brought Hope to Family in Plane Crash
Three teens and a deputy hospitalized during a drunk-driving simulation
Sucking Balls Is the Key to Success, Brooklyn Assistant Principal Advised Students
Sears wants to be your travel agent
Man caught after breaking into vacant building to play video games and masturbate.
Top DEA agent won't admit that heroin is more harmful than marijuana
Man arrested for the FOURTH time for having sex with a teddy bear in public
School encouraged pupil to write 'suicide note'
A thousand dead children means we're winning war on drugs
Woman Drives Car Into Golf Course Sand Trap, Blames GPS
"Making is the new sex" said Nora Abousteit, founder of Kollabora, a social marketplace connecting makers with DIY ideas, inspiration, supplies, and each other.
Upside down sheep stuck in the grass
A US man who stored his amputated leg in a barbecue smoker that was later auctioned off is locked in a custody dispute with the man who bought it
Police officers to head to doughnut store rooftops for Special Olympics
Citizens bully bus-monitor-bullying middle schoolers to teach them a lesson
Topless feminist disrupts psychic pig's feeding time
Obese dad plans hunger strike after kids ordered adopted
Police Impersonator Busted Pulling Over Actual Officer
School founded by Blue Man Group labeled a disaster as some children can't even read
Windermere Great North Swim postponed due to rain
Legless man scales Mount Kilimanjaro on his hands
NJ woman hit by ball sues Little Leaguer
Michele Bachmann claims the government has been infiltrated by the Muslim Brotherhood.
"Van Halen is f*cking retarded," says drummer for The Black Keys.
Cattle's Revenge: Cows tipped semi trailer, police say
Man struck in head by flying dildo
Russell Simmons thinks Middle East conflict is solvable, "like a rap beef"
Little League Player Lawsuit: 11-Year Old Sued For Injuring Woman With Errant Throw
Principal put on leave after students tricked into chewing moose poop
Vatican hires Fox News media adviser
Border Patrol detains former Arizona governor
Crime wave inspired by an episode of 'The Simpsons' sweeps the U.S.--Grease Theft
A Swedish traveller has received a partial refund after she was forced to sit near a dead man during an international flight - Lena Pettersson had just boarded her Tanzania-bound flight at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol when she noticed a man in his 30s looking unwell
Swedish Traveler Receives Partial Refund After Being Forced to Sit Near Dead Man During International Flight - Lena Pettersson had just boarded her Tanzania-bound flight at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol when she noticed a man in his 30s looking unwell
Iran Urges Syria to Show Restraint
'Dear Leader' moves from North Korea to North London.
Man Cited For Having Sex With Teddy Bear In Public. Again.
"Pep, The Cat-Murdering Dog" was a black Labrador Retriever admitted to Eastern State Penitentiary on August 12, 1924.
'Bath Salts' led woman to urinate on $30 mil painting.
Fundamental schools in Louisiana to teach that the Loch Ness monster is real
Most Americans oppose health law but like its provisions
Crazy Anti-Semitic Elmo Captured In Central Park
Soccer fan dies after reportedly staying awake for 11 days to watch EuroCup
Man sues school district for exposing his daughter to harmful Wi-Fi rays.
Swastika banner flown by ancient alien theorists startles NJ beachgoers
Facebook forces all users over to @facebook.com e-mail addresses
Kanye West and Kim Kardashian sued over speculation that they're funding Al-Qaeda with money from the latest Kanye West Nike shoe, the Air Yeezy 2 (x-post from r/worldnews)
Scientist Needs $20,000 To Finish His Timetravel Experiment | MadConomist.com
Man arrested for throwing French Fries at his Step-Daughter
Ordinance bans swim suits on NJ city's boardwalk
Dying for tickets? Contest rewards Morrissey fans for their best suicide note.
13-year-old girl went to court for cutting a 3-year-old girl's hair into a bob with dollar-store scissors...The judge agreed to cut back community service time if the mother of the teen chopped off her daughter's ponytail in court.
A new exercise class, Pole Fitness for Jesus, is inviting Christian women in a small Texas town to spin without sin for the Lord.
Google programmers deploy automatic machine learning algorithm on YouTube. Computer teaches itself to recognize images of cats.
Man Admits To Child Molestation At Police Station Job Interview
Top NBA prospect trademarks unibrow
Is Bill Murray NYC's New Party Boy? | New York Post - NYPOST.com
Drug runner filmed himself masturbating while driving at 150 km/h (x-post r/australia)
Dementia Complicates Romance In Nursing Homes
Naked man attacks flood victim's pizza delivery car with golf club
Republican Senator Tries To Add Conception Amendment To Flood Insurance Bill (x-post from /r/politics)
"We were teenage Nazis... then we discovered marijuana": Amazing change of heart for Sieg Heil twin sisters
New York man literally charged with assaulting two police officers' fists with his face. - xPost with News
Man threatens neighbor with gun for flatulence attack in front of his home - NY Daily News
'UFO' at bottom of Baltic Sea 'disables equipments within 200m range' - Yahoo! News
Batman dies in car crash
This is my house I'm recording with a camera I stole. My name is Houaka Yang - and this is what I look like.
Wildfires are similar to teaching Sex Ed
Virginia school demands $40,000 to release spending records
Man in Elmo costume terrorizes people in Central Park
CNN contributor urges Americans to stop being so "nosy" about the bad things their government does
Poll: U.S. trusts Obama on extraterrestrials
Japanese Political Party to Hold Panel on Developing Real Gundam
No bath salts found in face eating suspect's body
Americans Favor Obama to Defend Against Space Aliens: poll
François Hollande's secret service agents 'forgot to pack their guns' - French secret service agents tasked with protecting President François Hollande "forgot to pack their guns" while on a recent trip to a climate conference in Brazil, it was reported on Wednesday
Texan Republican Party Adds Ban on Teaching of Critical Teaching Skills to Party Platform
Japanese zoo recovers 38 of 30 escaped squirrels
People Who Say They're Moving To Canada Because Of ObamaCare ("I'm moving to Canada, the United States is entirely too socialist.")
Couple buys $4.2-million house and tears it down "to get a better view."
65 percent of Americans say Obama better suited to handle alien invasion than Romney
On day of contempt of Congress vote, Eric Holder skips town, heads to Disney World
Woman kills man by squeezing his testicles
Man suing for being forced at gunpoint to watch Kim Kardashian and two others make a sex tape with farm animals and a unicorn.
Israel stages Holocaust survivor beauty pageant
Holocaust Survivors' Beauty Pageant
This is a news website article about a scientific paper
WTA set to finally crack down on grunting in women's tennis
Singer for metal band "Lamb of God" arrested for manslaughter.
Miss Holocaust Survivor crowned in Israel
Desperate jobseeker sets himself alight outside Birmingham jobcentre
'Talking urinal cakes' to fight drunk driving in Michigan | The Raw Story
Israel crowns "Miss Holocaust Survivor"
Hilarious Alert: Americans Angry About Supreme Court Ruling On Healthcare Threaten To 'Move To Canada' | Addicting Info
Bone-eating zombie worms drill with acid; males live inside females
Beezow Doo-Doo Zopittybop-Bop-Bop Arrested
John Travolta, accused of male sexual harassment, is trying out for Olympic Greco-Roman Wrestling Team.
Hand sanitizer recalled; contains bacteria
NH state representative believes kindergarten increases crime rates
Teacher Sued For Allegedly Requiring Students To Masturbate For Class
Daring rescue saves extremely small and cute cat
Two men shot over Kool-Aid argument
With Peyton Manning aboard, Broncos receivers actually have to learn routes now
Julian Assange, while hiding at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, releases a "Wikileaks Album" to drum up donations for his cause. Included is the song "The Ballad of Julian Assange". (xpost from /r/worldnews)
Basketball player Anthony Davis registers his uni-brow with the Patent and Trademark Office
Deputies: Masturbating man, 64, chased kids in underwear
The Consumerist » Stupidest Man In Canada Cuts In Front Of Cops To Rob Starbucks
John Roberts' Medication Made Him Stupid and Other Right-Wing Explanations for the Obamacare Ruling
Man Plagued by Porn-Induced Headaches
Naked Carjacker Flips Cars and Breaks Pregnant Womans Legs
Hoax prompts Taco Bell to serve up 10,000 tacos to Alaska town [x-post from r/News]
The shenaniganeers have devised a foolproof plan to send hip hop artist-cum-shilling machine Pitbull to a Walmart on the frozen Alaskan island of Kodiak.
Guy who punched a rockstar writing book entitled "Don't Ever Punch a Rockstar"
Freezer Failure That Destroyed Brain Samples Exposed Major Problem: the shortage of high-quality autopsied brains
Rufus the hawk stolen from Wimbledon
Mich. St. students make it through zombie pandemic.
(x-post /r/news) Rupert Murdoch calls Scientologists "creepy and maybe evil." In other news, pot called the kettle black.
Mayor's sausage costume to greet Olympic Torch 'looked like a penis'
The 'Tampon King' who sparked a period of change for India's women (XPOST from r/worldnews)
A History of Obama Feigning Interest in Mundane Things
Syrup spill erupts into gunfire in fight between brothers
Are mermaids real? NOAA says no.
Talking urinal cakes to be installed around Detroit
Texas Republicans call for an end to critical thinking in schools
Tom Cruise divorcing Katie Holmes for imaginary, alien female
Man on K-2 Eats Dog (x-post WTF)
Republican Montana Legislator, Says Bison Move Could Lead To Higher Gas Prices
US Government: Mermaids do not exist.
Fewer workers cross border, creating U.S. farm labor shortage
Iceland MP repays 'life saving elves' by moving 30-ton boulder in which they live to his backyard
Fire chief shoots safety inspector in foot with a firework.
The updated Chuck E. Cheese mascot will be a "rockstar" voiced by the lead singer of Bowling for Soup
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. No evidence of aquatic humanoids has ever been found.
Lifeguard saves life, gets fired for leaving post
Gerry Sandusky gets bombarded with hate messages meant for Jerry Sandusky
Germans want dope legalized, bestiality banned (x-post from /r/worldnews)
CERN scientists inexplicably present Higgs boson findings in Comic Sans
14-Year-Old Refuses Breast Implants, Unlike Mother and Four Sisters
Lifeguard saves life, gets fired for leaving post [FIXED]
WalMart's "I can't believe it's not Butter" clone is called "I totally thought it was Butter"
Indonesian zoo aims to stub out orangutan's smoking habit
North Carolina Lawmaker Presses Wrong Button, Accidentally Legalizes Fracking
THIS JUST IN: Mermaids are not real, declares US government.
Tree falls on praying pastor.
"Lemon. Wet. Good." -- Mitt Romney, when asked how a glass of lemonade tasted.
Homeless amputee strangled, possibly beaten with own prosthetic leg
UPDATE: Fired Hallandale Beach lifeguards offered jobs back; they all decline
Hamburglar Throws Gnawed Cheeseburgers at People From Bicycle
BBQ Chip Bandits...Busted [x-post from /r/Canada]
Fake cigarette causes closure of motorway for four hours
Poll: If a Woman Needs It, Should She Be Spanked?
Women at hens party mistake police for strippers, police 'went along with it very well'
Taco Bell "Airlifts" Tacos To Alaskan Town After Hoax
Egypt police fight a lion to net an outlaw
­Keepers at a Zoo in Indonesia are planning to help an orang-utan named Tori give up smoking
Trail of potato chips lead police to burglary suspect
Tory MPs unnerved by Osborne's "disproportionate obsession" with Balls
Member of the European Parliament, on behalf of antisemitic Hungarian party, discovers he is Jewish (X-post from r/Europe)
Personal injury lawsuit. Plaintiff claims he saw Herman Cain making a sex tape with Kim Kardashian in the bathroom of a Pizza Hut in Shreveport and was attacked.
Boy dies after tombstone falls on him in Utah
The French are rushing to replace English words.
Diner owner dies after visit from Obama
New record for faking data set by Japanese researcher - Anesthesiologist published 212 papers; only 3 fraud-free. Will set a new record for the most retractions ever, more than doubling his closest competitor.
Man arrested at large hadron collider claims he's from the future.
Court Rules that Cops Need to Be Sober if they Want to Shoot Anyone
'My Little Pony' fan erotica magazine tops $1000 at auction -nsfw
High-tech combat for Filipinos, karaoke for Americans
Fun day out ends in a 'tsunami of excrement' for New Addington teens
Man hit by train while listening to iPod
96 Year-Old Latino Former Arizona Governor Detained By Border Patrol In 100 Degree Heat
Georgetown to get cupcake ATM (x-post r/WashingtonDC)
Man asks Neighbour to borrow shovel before slaying / dismemberment of girlfiend
Thieves bust through wall to steal hair extensions
Man takes virtual augmented reality girlfriend for a walk in the park.
Man busted by own mother during robbery.
Erica Masters was sleeping in her bed when Columbia County Code Compliance Officer Jimmy Vowell came to serve a violation notice for her grass being too long. . . . 'He let himself in and actually came through the house and into my bedroom. And yelled at me to wake me up, to let me know that I...
Starbuck bans screenwriters from locations (x-post from r/humor)
Texas GOP rejects 'critical thinking' skills, questions whether critical thinking can be taught to children
Christian leader wants to tax atheists for not going to church - Atlanta atheism | Examiner.com
Police on the hunt for teenage chip bandits. [x-post from /r/videos]
'Depraved' sex acts by penguins shocked polar explorer
Portland Man Running For Mayor, Punching Pick-Up Basketball Opponents In The Balls
"Code Compliance Officer" Enters Woman's Home, Wakes Her In Bed, Says Her Grass Is Too Long
Taco Bell feeds town with 10,000 free tacos
20,000 Baby Leatherback Turtles / Eggs Crushed by Bulldozers - crews were redirecting a shifting river that was threatening a hotel where tourists from around the globe stay to watch the endangered turtles lay eggs.
Couple Accused Of Trying To Smuggle 5-Month-Old Son In Luggage At Airport
Man squirts girlfriend who won't stop reading 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
Francois Hollande falls into 'trap' to look like 'dwarf' alongside Coldstream Guards
Sarah Palin: Mitt Romney needs to set 'hair on fire'
German mayor designates trickiest parking spots as 'men only'
While Detroit continues to crumble, Michigan finds inspiration in its cherry spitters
Window blinds: They look great, provide privacy, and thwart stupid burglars.
Pentagon considers awarding war medals to drone pilots. "I firmly believe it takes bravery to fly an unmanned aerial vehicle... In some cases, you are watching it play out live and in color. We're not just playing video games here."
Calls to Destroy Egypt's Great Pyramids Begin
Warren Jeffs' cult accused of sending kitten BURIED ALIVE in concrete to threaten man who deserted polygamous sect
Mitt Romney on the TelePrompter: 'End of quote' - YouTube
World's fattest woman loses weight by having sex seven times a day
One surefire way to destroy your attic is by fighting spiders with a blowtorch
You can only buy McDonald's chips at the London Olympics... unless you're buying fish and chips.
Teen, upset over his bad grades, beats his own cat to death. Arrested when he calls police and tells them to come remove it. [x-post from /r/offbeat]
Girl arranges for her father to be murdered; whines that rest of family won't talk to her in prison - "they're supposed to stay by you through thick and thin"
Cops Hunt Down and Kill Pizza Thief
Swedish sausage vendor reported to the Police for sexistic commercial.
A West Virginia man who claimed to be the victim of a drive-by shooting along a rural Montana highway while working on a memoir called "Kindness in America" has confessed to shooting himself, authorities said Friday.
Swedish Police argues that mass arrest of several proven innocent teenagers is a success.
LONDON - The Gherkin to become the Penguin
Fox News claims pollution has been good for forests in the Southeast U.S.
Teenage girl escapes the fires in Colorado just to crash her SUV and start a 2,000 acre fire in Idaho
Charges Reduced in Crossbow Attack on Weatherman.
Mexican president signs deal to reduce salt in bread
Canadian police from 3 different departments converge to stop thieves from stealing "specific and hard to obtain barbecue chips."
Man assaults girlfriend with steak sauce over "Fifty Shades of Grey", wanted to show her what "saucy" really meant
Nike to change name of 'Paterno Child Development Center'
16th Street BART smells like urinal
Newt Gingrich is now using Twitter to talk about cute animals.
The definition of chutzpah: killing your parents and pleading for the court's mercy on the ground of being an orphan.
Town introduces 'easy' parking spots for women
Mother accused of trading baby for truck.
2 Boy Scouts Die When Tug-Of-War Rope Snaps
Russian MiG [old Russian bomber] crashes in Eden Prairie, MN
Teen girl dies in a car crash after texting 'LOL I'm going to die'
World's Heaviest Woman Loses 98 Pounds Through Sex. "It's great exercise just jiggling around."
Team USA To Be Decked Out in Uniforms Made in China
Internet searches for "Truth" banned in China (from /worldnews)
Starbucks Opening Inside a Funeral Home
150 Redditors meet after deciphering a strange message of /r/askreddit to solve some kind of mystery. The mystery ? Nothing.
California pain doctor duped by dog X-ray in drug sting
New Jersey man accused of growing marijuana in public park
Honoring 'Wojtek' the Bear Who Fought the Nazis
Man Takes Viagra, Wears Sweatpants for TSA Pat Down
Illinois man pleads guilty to illegally obtaining deer semen in East Texas
US Olympic uniforms made in China
Man convicted in ear licking case.
Woman fleeing Colorado wildfires starts her own in Idaho.
Man Uses Old 'I'm with America's Funniest Home Videos' Routine to Trick Walmart Shopper Into Letting Him Suck Her Big Toe
Swimmer recovering after otter attack
Stuxnet leak prompts US House to consider prosecution of journalists
Driver crashes, starts wildfire in Idaho -- after escaping Colorado wildfire
Man goes on rampage in a tunnel and jumps into the nearby river to evade capture
New Guinea witch doctors killed, brains and penises eaten, because "It's against our traditional ethics and morals for a sorcerer to have intercourse with a man's wife or teenage daughter"
Facebook yoga instructor fired for telling Facebook employee not to check Facebook while doing yoga.
Woman (OAG?) watched NASCAR with deceased man for over a year
Iowan says government illegitimate, declares herself U.S. Senator
World's Heaviest Woman Loses 98 Pounds With Marathon Sex
London Olympics 2012: Goldman Sachs Bets Team USA Will the Most Medals | Olympics | TIME.com
Cleric calls on President Morsy to destroy Giza Pyramids
Cat mayor celebrates 15 years on the job | Weird | News | Toronto Sun
Cat mayor celebrates 15 years on the job
Deputies shoot, kill man after knocking on wrong door
Caltech is on NCAA probation. No, really (x-post from r/sports)
Britain flooded with brand police to protect Olympic sponsors
Navy medical examiner fined, placed on leave after letting kids touch a Marine's brain | The Raw Story
Teen ejected without knowledge of driver
Even Silicon Valley's Prison Inmates Have Their Own Tech Startup Incubator
Man arrested for DUI on the way to court for previous DUI charge
Swarm of mayflies cause vehicle accident on a bridge
Man saves a drowning family, only for them to leave him to drown in return, claiming it was "none of their damn business"
Friendzoned Forever: Jackson Woman Tended Dead Friend's Corpse, Watched NASCAR With It
Sewing needles found in sandwiches on 4 Delta flights
Horrific 10 Percent Literacy Rate Prompts ACLU to Sue Michigan Schools
Jonah Falcon, Man With World's Largest Penis, Frisked By TSA At California Airport
Needles found in sandwiches on 4 U.S.-bound Delta flights (X-post from r/worldnews)
Brooklyn Man With Huge Penis Frisked By TSA, Lives To Tell The Tale
'Hiccup Girl' on murder charge: "I took the path of the devil"
Rights Group Fined For Not Paying Artist For Anti-Piracy Ad (x-post from /r/technology)
Octomom strips in dominatrix gear, gets slapped with lawsuit
Iran VP: Iran drought part of 'soft war' by West - "The world arrogance and colonists are influencing Iran's climate conditions using technology"
Anti-piracy group fined for stealing music [x-post /r/worldnews]
Austin Businessman Wants to Turn Entire Hill Country Town Into a Giant Breastaurant
Rush Limbaugh Has An Awesome And Insane Conspiracy Theory About The Batman Villain 'Bane' And Bain Capital
Man with 'world's biggest penis' stopped at SFO security | SFGate Blog | an SFGate.com blog
Traffic signs in New Zealand destroyed by prostitutes performing stunts - Telegraph
Three-hour sex sessions exhaust squid
Quote From Man Stabbed
Seattle family traps and eats squirrel, "meat that is happy"
Paid to do it, but fails to make his friend's wife pregnant after 72 attempts
panhandler: not broke, need boobs
60,000 Kinder Eggs Seized at US Border (x/post from r/funny)
Man confesses to everything in his obituary
Family upset over vicar's 'meltdown' - Family wants an apology after a drunk vicar threw their funeral plans into chaos
Quebec police bust family for having overly elaborate vegetable and fruit garden.
Married Olympic couple can't room together -- we are being discriminated against because we are heterosexual
Australian teens caught riding whale carcass like surfboard
2 Seattle men stopped at border for illegal candy
Drink with "aphrodisiac qualities" named after disgraced IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn
Warhorse: The military's 'My Little Pony' fan club
Elk Foundation Rebuked over "Anti-Wolf" Remarks
No More Onion in Toronto
Woman calls 911 to complain about the quality of her mugshot published in a local publication
Canadian cyborg attacked in Paris McDonalds
Hundreds Of Turtles Run Away From Georgia Farm
Colorado Rockies fans prohibited from wearing bags over their heads or displaying signs critical of the team.
TSA found 25 illegal aliens attending a flight school owned by an illegal alien.
Shop owner masters the art of baiting the public
Florida burglar breaks into Pizza Hut, can't get cash register open, walks out with massive out of cheese instead.
Teddy Bears invited to picnic
Internet Defense League creates "cat signal" to save Web from next SOPA
Speaker of the House John Boehner said that he now regretted making Representative Bachmann a member of the Intelligence Committee, calling that decision 'an example of a good-natured prank that went too far.'
In a master stroke of marketing, Kit Kat shows off its new mascot -- Pedobear
San Francisco considers a ban on smoking anything other than marijuana at outdoor events
Flamethrower "offers a cheap, dramatic defense against carjackers."
Nigerian police arrest shapeshifting goat
Nestle Pulled A New Kit Kat Mascot Because It Looked Too Much Like Pedobear
Russian research project offers 'immortality' to billionaires - by transplanting their brains into robot bodies
George Zimmerman to Fox News: Trayvon Martin's Death Was "God's Plan"
'Dingo Ate My Baby' Defense Actually Works
Top tea partier demands Obama prove he doesn't smoke crack and have gay sex.
Microsoft fixes 'big boobs' coding gaffe
Google must delete the word "torrent" from autocomplete, French court says
New York City Celebrates 20 years of Restaurant Week... Best NYC Deals
Man "expresses dissatisfaction" with bear that broke into his kitchen. [xpost from r/newhampshire]
Boat is sent to rescue a boat that came to rescue another boat
Clothing store tries to turn Colorado shooting into twitter marketing opportunity
Cat has been mayor of Alaska town for 15 years
Feet burned at Robbins motivational event - People at an event held by motivational guru Tony Robbins in California had to be treated for burns after walking on hot coals
Security chiefs will ban Olympic spectators for wearing the wrong brand of clothes.
London Olympics: Security chiefs will ban spectators for wearing the wrong brand of clothes. [x-post from worldnews]
Police arrested actors for spilling custard
Feet burned at motivational speaker Tony Robbins event
Florida Family Association: Office Depot helping Lady Gaga 'turn children gay'
Newest U.S. Counterterrorism Strategy: Trolling
Olympics Leave British Complaining Even More Than Usual
Spain king ousted as honorary president of World Wildlife Fund branch after elephant hunt
Teen high on LSD starts fight with a mailbox
John Boehner Praises Colorado First Responders while Cutting Their Budget
Is Mitt Romney Buying Phony Twitter Followers?
Activists Want Smart Meters Gone, Say They're Bad for Health [PBS Newshour]
Game Developer Accused of Selling DLC to Cats
Woman shocked when surgical pin pops out of pregnant belly
Man sought in Walmart toe sucking.
Man tries to teach his five-year-old niece how to drive a stick
Logged into my YouTube account, found list of every single video I've ever watched.
Hiker spots man in goat suit frolicking with a herd
Oklahoma man shoots self in groin, gets arrested for it
Gay app Grindr crashes as Olympic athletes arrive in London
Former GOP lawmaker blames victims of Aurora shooting
Egypt launches first full Islamic veil TV channel
Pastor Fired For Doubting Hell Now Believes in Hell Again
Man Dives Into Raging River and Swims 2km To Escape Wife's Nagging
French Farmers Serve Cows 2 Bottles of Wine per Day
Man spotted by hikers in Utah dressed as a goat and mixing in with wild herd
Archaeologists excavating under an Austrian castle have discovered 15th century lingerie and banana hammock (x-post from r/science)
Biofuel mandate causes US to sell two million gallons of ethanol to Brazil, while importing four million gallons from Brazil.
22 year-old runs for New York State Senate, has "Sexy and I Know It" playing on a loop on her campaign website.
Terrorists And Pedophiles Get More Protection In UK Than Guy Who Hosted Links To TV Shows
Man in goat suit seen in Utah; police worry for safety during hunting season
Paying a cleaner in cash 'is morally wrong': Minister says families who settle bills cash-in-hand are as bad as tax avoiders
Ginger passengers caused the Titanic to sink, according to crew records
Iran nuclear facilities hit by virus that turns volume up to max and plays 'Thunderstruck' by AC/DC
Worker on nuclear sub set fire so he could leave early, Navy says
Iranian nuclear facilities hit by AC/DC virus that turns off automated system operations, turns on PCs at night playing 'Thunderstruck'. (X-Post from almost everywhere)
Iran's "chicken crisis" is simmering political issue: National police chief says chicken images may fire tensions
Man's penis stolen by thieves
Cops: Woman rowing perimeter of Lake Michigan sexually assaulted [in her rowboat]
Chik-Fil-A pulls Muppet toys from kids meals due to "safety concerns"
Octomom: Money from adult DVD to help children
Concealed gun owner shoots own buttocks and wounds children at Dallas Walmart
Lee crept up on the sows while they were sleeping, frantically pinched at their tiny nipples, then ran away when they woke up and started to freak out.
Judges don't have to contribute more for health care and pensions, N.J. Supreme Court rules
Liquor store serves 14 year old boy wearing burka, face veil
Owner of concealed gun accidentally shoots self in buttocks, injures children when reaching for wallet at Dallas Walmart
Georgia man burned after bet to set his head on fire.
Mount Pleasant Academy, Utah School, Seeks To Help Teens Kick Porn Addiction
The Strangely Uplifting Tale of the Cam-Girl with No Vagina
Disney World tells man to be less 'Santa-ish'
Pokemon scrap changed my life says British judoka
Florida sisters unsuccessfully try to rob Walmart, ditch 1-year-old baby, go clubbing afterwards
Jonathan Denby, a hotel owner, replaced all the Bibles in his hotel rooms with 50 Shades of Grey because he felt like the Bible was "wholly inappropriate" "in a modern secular society"
A hotel owner replaced all the Bibles in his hotel rooms with 50 Shades of Grey because he felt like the Bible was "wholly inappropriate in a modern secular society"
Casinos go to court to try to stop more casinos
18 police officers rescue sex doll from river
Sue Lowden Stands by Chicken Health Care Barter Plan
Concerns of Deaf Community Being Heard
American Baby Names Are Somehow Getting Even Worse
London 2012 Olympics: Egyptian athletes 'given fake Nike kits' to wear at London Games - Telegraph
11 year old runs away from home, flys to Italy
Michele Bachmann - America's 'Iron Lady'
Nigerian Man Uroko Onoja Raped to Death By 5 Wives
Six women rape man to death in Benue State - Nigeria DailyPost
11 year old runs away from home, flies to Italy
Russian astronauts have been equipped with guns in case of bear attack.
Obese woman loses weight through marathon sex - NY Daily News
Unshaven man dressed as wheelchair-bound woman jailed for part in botched robbery
South Dakota Moves To Legalize Killing Abortion Providers
A 34-year-old grandmother is wanted after baby eats bag of cocaine. [x-post from r/offbeat]
Man falls into 40 foot gorge while trying to sneak into Nickelback concert (rescuing him from a much worse fate)
Man allegedly "whooped" boys with belt they called "What's Up"
Man frees 17-pound lobster from Conn. restaurant
Sex Doll Saved From Drowning By 18 Cops
NY Doctor Injects Steroids in Fetuses to "Cure" Homosexuality
Marathon Sex with Five Wives Kills Man
Man arrested for trespassing after refusing to leave jail.
London Opening Ceremonies to include 30 Mary Poppins killing a 40 ft tall Lord Voldemort
Man hides $15k in oven, his wife cooks it
Balinese Teenager Passes Out While Marrying Cow He Had Sex With
Medicaid Expansion May Lower Death Rate, Study Says - NYTimes.com
2 Bali Teenager Passes Out Marrying Cow He Had Sex With
Bali Teenager Passes Out Marrying Cow He Had Sex With
Amy Lee (Evanescence) and Wind-Up Records targeted by Anonymous after child pornography revelations
Who to sue in the event of a zombie apocalypse
Man refuses to leave jail; cited for trespassing and sent back to prison
Florida puppeteer plotted to cook and eat children
Family of girl killed sliding down banister sues Palmer House, [also] event hosts
Farmer cycles from China to London for Olympics | The Raw Story
Pop music too loud and all sounds the same: official
Family of bears destroy house in Bearsville, NY
Truck nuts safely recovered! Sadly this is headline news in Southern Indiana.
Michigan Supreme Court considers font size on Emergency Manager Petition. (X-Post from /r/Michigan)
Family of bears destroy house in Bearsville, NY, USA
Blind Man Sues Hospital for 'KKK' Surgery Scar
(X-post from r/Oregon) Man Jailed For Collection Rainwater on His Property
SC House Candidate: "Vote For Me, I'm A Drunk"
A guy spends 6 years injecting his penis with silicon, calls it "the blob" (NSFW)
Searchers looking for lost boaters in a remote northern Canadian river find German WWII submarine 100 miles from the ocean
Dog reports jar head cat at large
Couple with odd hobby retrieves drowned bodies with robot
McDonald's staff accused of selling burgers next to corpse
Gorilla in Prague Zoo accidentally hangs himself
Mitt Romney does the impossible: Gets Brits to stop moaning and start cheering about Olympics
AIDS denying magazine shut down after all of their editors died of AIDS
Town re-named "Bikinis, Texas" after local sports bar.
This Just In - Smoking orangutan moves to island to kick habit
Man arrested for shoplifting a book on ethics
Chick-fil-A's Vice President of Public Relations Dies of Heart Attack
Strip clubs in Tampa prepping for GOP convention (NY Times, sorry)
Burger King Announces Bacon Sundae
Boy shoots 45 stories up into the sky and kills a bird with his face
Judge is suspended for touching 6 women at holiday party
Spanish Olympians realize that when your uniforms are free, you get what you pay for.
Black couple's wedding banned by white Mississippi Baptist church
TURF PAINTING SPREADS AS DROUGHT RAVAGES LAWNS
Samsung accuses Apple of stealing iPhone design from Sony
Family values politician Rick Santorum defends Penn State, blasts Freeh Report
Woman arrested for sending threatening voice mails/text messages to herself.
German teenager with Tourette's who cannot control arm beaten unconscious for unintentionally making Nazi salute on a train
Chick-fil-A's VP of Corporate Public relations dies of heart attack.
Woman starves to death on ill-conceived sunlight-only diet
Half of Americans Do Not Know the President's Religion
Shortage of male thongs sparks panic in Cork, Ireland (x-post from r/ireland)
ROMNEY: When I Said I Don't Care About Poor People I Didn't Really Mean It That Way Read more: http://articles.businessinsider.com/2012-02-03/politics/31019944_1_romney-campaign-mitt-romney-misspoke#ixzz21wZONJAZ
Rainwater Collection Leads To Jail Sentence, Fine
Random woman leads Indian Olympic team into London stadium
Youth pastor stages "mock kidnapping" of youth group, faces real false imprisonment and assault charges.
Invaders Importing Air Ahead of Invasion!!!
Teen on LSD Arrested for Fighting with a Mailbox (X-post /r/offbeat)
Cheating site gives divorce as competition prize
Shoot yourself in the groin? Grow a new penis.
Santa Monica was going to ban smoking in private apartments... but didn't because they were worried the law would also apply to smoking pot.
Thief Fails to Open Cash Register, Stuffs Puppy In His Pants Instead
Hermit crab prefers Lego shells over organic
Zookeepers Want Orangutan To Quit Smoking
Shark Commits Suicide on Waterslide
Florida airboat captain whose hand was bitten off by gator is charged with feeding the gator
Kim Jong-il gave weightlifter the record and all his achievements
Swedish Man Gets Qualified as Disabled for Heavy Metal Addiction
Man with world's largest penis frisked by TSA at Calif. airport
Hotel replaces Bible with 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
Congratulations, /r/nottheonion! You're the Subreddit of the Day for July 30, 2012!
The New York Times asks a question of great importance given our education system's woes: Is Algebra Necessary?
50 police officers arrested in child porn raids (x-post from /r/news)
Police lose keys to Wembley stadium
Military drafted in to fill empty seats at London Olympics
Romney says Israelis are wealthier than Palestinians which shows their culture is obviously superior.
British Hotel Replaces Bedside Bibles with Fifty Shades of Grey
Bee Swarm Complicates Rescue Of Fisherman In Des Plaines, IL
Professional Puppeteer Arrested for Plans to Abduct, Rape, Kill and Eat Child
PR Dummies: Pfizer Invites You to Rim a Dog
Man who lost hand to alligator charged with 'unlawful feeding'
Man tries to rob bank after paying a wizard $500 to make him invisible.
First Lady Michelle Obama Hugs The Entire US Men's Basketball Team
RIAA knew that SOPA and PIPA were useless, yet they still tried to get it passed anyways.
Man shot after argument over sippy cup
Bees evicted from home, leave two tons of honey to cover rent
NBC Interviewed A Random Tourist About The Queen, And Didn't Realize He Was Evander Holyfield
Police with grenade launchers in front of Disneyland.(x-post from r/politics)
Woman who allegedly tried to break into jail is arrested, put in jail
Serial chewer of chewing gum dies after falling asleep while chewing chewing gum.
MAN RE-ARRESTED FOR FIGHTING WITH GIRLFRIEND AT JAIL
Texas Rangers fan gets joyride on giant wiener
SNOOP Dogg has officially dropped the Dogg act and upgraded his name to "Snoop Lion".
Romney to announce VP pick via smartphone app
Snoop seeks help growing his vegetables
Man Fathers 82 Children Through Free 'Babymaking Service'
The US Embassy Just Caused A Huge Scare In Oslo By Forgetting It Had Planted A 'Practice Bomb' In A Car
Snoop Dogg becomes Snoop Lion, readies reggae CD
Snoop Dogg is now Snoop Lion.. This is like Puff Daddy all over again.
Ever-Growing Past Confounds History Teachers
Man assaults girlfriend because he sees man he doesn't know on her FB page... It's just a pic of Mitt Romne
Man assaults girlfriend because he sees man he doesn't know on her FB page... It's just a pic of Mitt Romney
Florida man charged with hate crime says he 'only shot a n*gger'
Woman Accused Of Trading Baby For Pickup Truck
Remove Algebra from High School and College Curriculums: NY Times Opinion
Facebook photo of Romney causes violent domestic dispute when image is mistaken for a random guy that girlfriend is having an affair with.
Teenager arrested for criticizing Olympic diver on Twitter
Transgender woman arrested after injecting Fix-A-Flat into patient's rear end
Gunman forces 7-year-old to smoke marijuana during crime spree
Airplane passenger finds needle in Air Canada sandwich
Eagle hit by truck makes full recovery
Flying bear kills two Canadians in freak accident
Theatre worker sees man carry gun into Dark Knight screening; cops arrive and ask whoever has the gun to stand up...three men do.
50 Shades Of Angela Merkel
Old, but good: Congress vanishes into infinitely recursive loop.
Women claim 'hairy legs' profiling, and launch lawsuit against police
Man urinates on woman at bar after she rejects his advances [Not TheOnion]
Man yells 'This is it!' at Batman showing, panic ensues
Mayor of London Boris Johnson gets stuck dangling halfway up a zip wire
Man jailed for collecting water in backyard.
Post:9/11 - Plane diverted to Boston, Jets scrambled because a guy left a camera on a seat.
Compromised voter info wasn't encrypted because election staff thought "encryption" meant making zip files.
A man stabbed in the hand with a syringe during an attempted robbery in a Dublin shop at the weekend is now in a stable condition.
US Embassy forgets about fake bomb from a security drill, calls in bomb squad.
Jerry Sandusky upset about Penn State sanctions
Smart Car leads troopers in chase
Republican compares 8/1/12, the first day of free birth control, to Pearl Harbor and 9/11 by saying it's a day that will live in infamy as an attack on America's freedom
London mayor Boris Johnson gets stuck on zip wire, carrying two Union flags
Canadian RCMP promise to tackle the same sexual harassment they deny exists.
Department of Homeland Security issuing copyright takedown notices of videos depicting Obama talking about a new world order
Italy rules 'no balls' insult for men is a crime because it hurts male pride
Donald Trump Fires Old Hair, Hires New One
Driving with a suspended license for a DUI is never a good idea, especially when approaching a DUI checkpoint while drunk, drinking a beer, and putting on your sunglasses
Rush Limbaugh's newsletter rips off the Dungeons & Dragons Monster Manual
Suspect in tiny Smart Car leads DPS troopers on chase khou.com Houston
Republican likens contraceptive mandate to Pearl Harbor, 9/11
11-year-old girl explains why her singing of the national anthem was so terrible.
Thieves dressed in plate armor get away with $25,000 in festival revenues at a renaissance faire in France
Missile Defense Staff Warned To Stop Surfing Porn Sites
Canadian thief returns stolen goods along with apology note and $50 to repair damages he made to a window
Sorry, Men and Fun-Fems: All Porn Is Rape, All the Time (Or, If You Are Watching Porn, You Are Watching Rape)
Florida woman pulled over for drunk driving offers police officer $15 to give back her fake ID
[Gold medalist] Ryan Lochte's Olympic [United States flag] grill was designed by rapper Paul Wall
Toronto police sued for profiling women with 'hairy legs' during G20 protests
Newcastle Girl Receives Pet Zebra For 10th Birthday
Large rally held in rural Ireland in support of businessman found in contempt of court for hiding millions of euros worth of assets overseas
Ever-Growing Past Confounds History Teachers : NPR
Two Seattle Men Detained at U.S. Border for Possessing Illegal Chocolate Candy
Former teacher confesses to multiple rape because he thought the statute of limitations had run out. Statute of limitations had not run out.
Family claims to see image of Jesus in moldy shower
Judge Rules Iran and Al-Qaida Must Pay 9/11 Families $6 Billion
Ump boots DJ for playing 'Three Blind Mice' during Fla. minor league game
Louisville man cites Constitution when caught huffing Reddi-wip
Chinese Diver's Family Waits Until She Wins Gold to Reveal Her Loved Ones Are All Dying or Dead
Body Painting World Record Attempt Leads To Thong Shortage
Florida woman arrested for drunk driving, offers police officer $15 to give back her fake ID
Officials allowed two German police officers to keep their jobs even after it emerged that they had been members of a Klu Klux Klan spin-off group. They were also colleagues of a policewoman believed to have been murdered by a neo-Nazi terrorist cell.
Canadian government gives $1.7M grant for maple syrup research
Tax Scam: IRS Pays Out Billions in Fraudulent Refunds
Man texts, "I need to quit texting," before driving off cliff
Italy outlaws 'you don't have the balls:' Highest appeals court rules it a crime to use phrase after case in which JP who had questioned existence of lawyer's testicles
US drought means a smaller 'dead zone' in Gulf of Mexico
Canadian government grants $1.7M for maple syrup research
Parents Outraged at Video Games they Bought Their Kids (x-post from r/gaming)
China's wealthy and influential sometimes hire body doubles to serve their prison sentences
Man leaves his 2-year old and 4-year old to go out drinking. He comes home drunk, and gets in bed. Except he entered the wrong house. And the bed is currently occupied by an old married couple
Mexican Wrestler with Ostrich hench-birds destroys store
Survivor of Megabus crash believes she was protected due to the $1 she planned to donate to charity.
Ontario thief returns stolen goods, leaves $50 for damages
Angry about being Arrested for Marijuana Possession, Vermont Man Crushes Cop Cars with Tractor
Photojournalist covers the Olympics with an iPhone
U.S. nuclear bomb facility shut after 82 year old nun breaches security
Chick-Fil-A customers spontaneously sing "God Bless America"
US invents robot mosquitoes that can spy on people undetected & inject poison
If you come into my pawn shop with a counterfeiting machine and you tell me that you need to sell your counterfeiting machine because you need cash, I'm going to just look at you and not say anything until it dawns on you just what the trouble with your position is.
Nudist campers worry I-69 will ruin their solitude
Palo Alto Woman Struck With Milkshake, Loses $2,000
Iran's Ayatollah Khamenei joins Instagram
Flying bear kills two Canadians
Google Acquires Mark Zuckerberg's Sister | WebProNews
Belarus expels Swedish ambassador for being "too supportive of human rights"
Man finds ATM machine that lets him withdraw huge sums of money for free, brags about it on Facebook
China's Dong flips and twists to trampoline gold
NHS health and safety chiefs ban 'dangerous' metal paper clips - The future of the humble metal paper clip is under threat after being banned by NHS health and safety officials for being 'too dangerous'.
Pastor Arrested For Kidnapping After Staging Fake Kidnapping So Kids Could Use It As A Learning Experience Barstool Sports: New York City
Vermont man crushes over half of town's police force with tractor over marijuana possession charges
NFL star Justin Durant says he would not boycott Chick-fil-A even if they came out in support of slavery - because "the chicken's too tasty"
'Banana' in the bathroom turned out to be boa constrictor
Woman calls cops after cafe waitress says she smells
Women banned from water slide after vaginal 'injuries'
Father turns in daughter for bank robbery, then bails her out.
Woman stands on the street and asks for donation with sign that reads "Not homeless, need boobs."
British MP calls for ban on tattooed preacher who 'cures' cancer by kicking people in the face
High heat & no rain forces farmers & ranchers in South Dakota, like others across the Midwest, to abandon dying crops & cull their herds
Dumb sorority girl asks "Jerry Linn" out.
Obama asks public schools to ignore bad behavior by black students
Reporter Covers Westminster Dog Show While on Acid (xpost from /r/offbeat)
Trained-up Ninja Monkeys 'Turn On Master'
NBC apologizes after following Gabby Douglas's gold medal performance with a commercial of a monkey doing gymnastics.
NFL Coaches Support Striking Refs, Demand They Get Better Vision Benefits
MP calls for ban on tattooed preacher who 'cures' cancer by kicking people in the face
Katy Perry wears nothing but Green
Driver's Last Text Before Crash: 'I Need to Quit Texting While Driving'
"US space agency #Nasa successfully lands huge new robot rover in a deep crater on Mars" (BBC breaking news tweet)
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton chased out of Malawi by swarm of BEES
German Church fails to impress with first 'Erotic service'
Nudists worried about I-69 extension
Fox News Wonders: Why Don't Our Athletes Love America More?
Topless woman in high-speed chase just trying to 'surprise boyfriend'
Virginia mom charged with vandalism must serve community service for letting daughter draw on rocks with chalk in public park
Japanese launch 4.5-tonne gun-toting robot controlled by smartphone
Olympic race walk champion caught doping
Christian Biology Textbook Teaches That Lochness Monster is Real - To Disprove Evolution.
World's Fattest Mom Gets Paid to Eat
Lil Wayne Taking A Break From Rap To Skateboard
Phelps admits to peeing in the pool
Communist Party USA Endorses Obama for 2012
Michael Phelps admits to peeing in the pool
Madonna calls for release of Pussy Riot
People not on Facebook could be insane
Christian website auto-replaces the word "gay" with "homosexual"; did not account for an article on Olympic sprinter Tyson Gay
Malaysian toddler dies in 'exorcism' | The Raw Story
George W. Bush is Batman
A German student "mooned" a group of Hell's Angels and hurled a puppy at them before escaping on a stolen bulldozer, police have said.
Skrillex to score new Disney film
Angry customers mistake Chick-Felays for Chick-fil-A
Irishman attacks Aussie politician at an anti-violence press conference.
Man sets fire to home by microwaving his socks and underwear.
State to Unveil Detroit Demolition Plan - WSJ.com
If you're running for sheriff, you probably don't want to get busted for cocaine... especially if you're on probation
Man arrested for faking his death. Why'd he do it? So he wouldn't have to break up with his girlfriend
Chinese School Puts Children in Danger "to Boost Their Bravery"
Michael Phelps admits: we do pee in the pool
As Curiosity touches down on Mars, video is taken down from NASA YouTube channel for supposed copyright violation
Afghan Minibus May Have Been Mistaken Target
Australian newspaper refers to North Korea as 'Naughty Korea'; Pyongyang replies angrily but gets name of paper wrong
Once you decide that weapons and ammunition is needed in the world as it is today, you have to design them in as environmentally friendly way as possible.
Confrontation in Canada makes American visitors feel unsafe
Man Who Claims he Was Assaulted for Being Gay May Have Actually Injured Himself [xpost from r/news]
Old man kidnaps young woman... forces her to watch Matlock
Belarus-Sweden teddy bear row escalates
Phillies fan charged with intentionally vomiting on cop's kid
Christian Fundamentalists create own math textbook positing Mathematics come from God and rejecting set theory. [x-post from r/truereddit]
Texas Executes Man With IQ of 61; State Cites Steinbeck's "Of Mice and Men" To Justify Killing
Publicly-Funded School Forces Girls to Take Pregnancy Tests; Expels Those Who Test Positive or Refuse
Man orders television, gets assault rifle instead
Man dies trying to steal a cell phone. (x/post from r/SanAntonio)
Russian general denies reports he was killed by FSA - Israel News, Ynetnews
Man runs out of beer, calls 911 to get some more
Parkinson's disease sufferer, 54, held by police at Olympic cycling race 'for not smiling'
Man arrested after calling 911 nine times in a 12 hour period to ask for a beer delivery
Man steals back towed van by throwing meat to distract guard dogs.
Free vibrator giveaway event cock-blocked by New York police.
Woman hits nephew in the head with hammer after he spoke poorly about her mother.
Ultra-Orthodox Jewish men offered blurry glasses to keep women out of sight (xpost from /r/offbeat)
Romney campaign: Bain layoff victim in Obama's ad should have moved to Massachusetts to get health insurance
Man calls for "Underground Railroad" to kidnap children from LGBT parents.
Young Pirates evicted from festival for giving out free waffles
Out of Beer? Man Calls 911 [x r/beer]
Man arrested for not smiling at Olympic cylcing event. (xpost)
Occupy Protester Accused Of Bank Robbery For Holding 'You're Being Robbed' Sign
Woman asks children to leave the room, then stabs boyfriend for smacking her sunburned behind.
Wells Fargo Protestor walks into bank with a sign saying "You're being robbed" and is arrested for attempted bank robbery and terroristic threatening.
First company to open a factory in the U.S. using funds from an Obama administration program to encourage domestic production of advanced batteries rescued by Chinese firm (online.wsj.com)
Burger King saves Robert Downy Jr.'s Life (xpost from /r/TodayILearned)
Columnist Complains Olympics Destroyed Womanhood; Argues Women Should Be Given Extra Points Based on Their Femininity
Man Orders Television Online, Gets High-Powered Assault Rifle Delivered Instead
All taxi cabs in rich Chinese village are helicopters
Man Arrested For Not Smiling At Olympics
Vibrator giveaway in NYC withdrawn prematurely
Des Moines police investigate attack by onion
Sock fight between Louisville couple gives way to gun threats, police say
Pickpocket tries to outrun fastest man on Earth (old but good story)
Couple orders TV on Amazon, gets semi-automatic rifle instead
Newspaper apologizes for adding LOL to dead man's photo caption
Cops Strip Search Mom, "Forcibly" Pull Tampon Out of Her for Maybe Rolling Through Stop Sign - while her children watched.
Bomb was stored under guard's desk for weeks
Holmes evicted, landlord says booby-traps, murders violated lease
Boy wins $50,000 for being the fastest texter at a "text messaging competition"
New Las Vegas Denny's location will feature a wedding chapel
Assault defence: I thought I was punching my wife, not my daughter
Man claims African-American sacker touching his groceries violates his religious freedom.
Usain Bolt declares himself to be the "greatest athlete of all time" and a "living legend"
Norwegian tourist falls asleep on airport baggage belt
Bobby Petrino tries to explain why he's a horrible person.
An Argentininan official propose to feed pigeons to poor kids instead of pest control
Mystery illness causes woman to grow fingernails in place of hair
AZ woman jailed for 4.5 months because authorities didn't believe her name was real
Boys who sold his kidney for an iPad demands compensation
Mom sues after a breast feeding instructional video is made into porn.
Naked fishermen saved from shark attack by helicopter.
Scientists Invent Particles That Will Let You Live Without Breathing. (x/post science)
Teenager sells kidney to buy iPhone and iPad
Skrillex worked on Kanye West's new album
Insane Clown Posse suing FBI for labeling Juggaloos a gang. Jugglaoos v Cops, where will reddit stand?
Pass me a beer, bear!
Man dumped into garbage truck compactor after spending night in SE Portland recycling container...
Tea Party Councilman morphs into Vlad the Impaler, carries sign of Obama with a spike in his head, Pelosi with bullet holes in her face. (xpost r/politics)
Why Is The World's Largest Foundation Buying Fake Poop?
Could oral sex be a pregnant woman's best defense against morning sickness? | Mail Online
Mitt Romney: I'm Running With Paul Ryan, But Not On The Ryan Budget
The FBI justified the insane raid of Kim Dotcom's mansion by saying that it suspected Dotcom had a 'doomsday' device that could "wipe out evidence of internet piracy around the world." (x-post from r/worldnews)
Wikileaks hit by 'massive DDoS': "You can call me DietPepsi. I am the leader of AntiLeaks. [...] We are young adults, citizens of the United States of America and are deeply concerned about the recent developments with Julian Assange [...]"
Research Seeks to Uncover the Origins of the Singing Mouse
Mitt Romney: I'm running with Paul Ryan, but that doesn't mean I agree with him.
Rogue Condoms Appear in Olympic Village; Organizers Take Action
Baseball announcer challenging fan to a fight for saying false things about him on Twitter.
Guy sleeping in river mistaken as corpse
You're riding on a train and have to pee. Do you A) take your backpack with you, B) kindly ask another passenger to watch it for you, or C) claim to have a 10-megaton bomb in the bag so that nobody takes it?
Man chases girlfriend around the house armed with dog poo (xpost r/newzealand)
Why I stuck a cracker up my clacker
Bridge collapses during protest for better roads
Beyonce sings at United Nations
Penis Stolen By Thieves In The Night
"I feel as if someone has died" A mother "grieves" for her son...because he got a tattoo.
Stranded jet skier easily breaches $10M airport security -- walks to terminal across two runways without being noticed -- charged with criminal trespass after he approached an airport worker for assistance.
Woman delays her arrest by faking pregnancy complications, then escapes from the hospital. Instead of fleeing, she stops at a nearby McDonalds
'Fresh Prince' At Guantanamo Bay Replaces Harry Potter As Favorite
Gotye makes his own mashup of Somebody That I Used To Know covers [x-post /r/music]
Florida Man's Defense for Shooting Neighbor: 'I Only Shot A Nigger!'
Mayday, Mayday - Not enough fuel, over
Reported drowning victim was just asleep.
Just when you thought the terrorist-anti-white-Christian-secret-Muslim President couldn't get any worse.....
Massachusetts teen used realistic-looking gun to rob fellow player of 4.7 billion fantasy coins for video game "RuneScape"
Referee accused of taking a dive after Luisao knock down | Metro.co.uk
Pine Plains scout leader attacked by rabid beaver (rabid beaver NOT a euphemism for gay-rights activist)
Man Texts About Needing to Stop Texting, Then Drives Off a Cliff Read more: http://newsfeed.time.com/2012/08/05/man-texts-about-needing-to-stop-texting-then-drives-off-a-cliff/#ixzz23Ru0UnKD
Jet Skier Breaks Through JFK Airport's $100 Million Security System [not TheOnion]
Man walks undetected across runways at NYC airport
Kangaroo escapes with help of fox and boar
Saudi Arabia plans new city for women only
Anti-Glacier Prayer "Worked Too Well"
Whites Believe They Are Victims of Racism More Often Than Blacks
Woman Hurt in Sex Mishap Involving Power Tool.
Indian companies have begun outsourcing jobs back to the US
Insurance Company Apparently Paid for Lawyers for Driver Who Killed a Policy Holder -- to avoid paying the claim
Dotcom accused of assault - with his stomach
Vancouver drug users can access illegal substances within minutes
Bears Break Into Cabin And Drink 100 Beers
News: Robert Pattinson Rings Opening Bell at New York Stock Exchange
B.C soccer team disqualified for being too diverse.
NBC announces new military-themed reality show that "enthusiastically melds warfare and fame" by matching up military veterans with "celebrities" like Todd Palin. One ex-military member vows to take "Nick Lachey, guy in the boy band, and turn him into Nick Lachey, bad boy guy with a gun."
Washington locals request American only Costco hours
Florida seniors menaced by self-driving car in political attack ad
Leader Of Anti-Semitic Party In Hungary Discovers He's Jewish
Leader of anti-Semitic party in Hungary discovers he is Jewish
Anti-Semitic Hungarian Politician Discovers Jewish Roots
Rich Kids' Excessive, Obnoxious Tweets Are Super Helpful to People Who Want to Rob Them
NBC Wonders if It Should Have Actually Tape-Delayed the Olympics More
Pennsylvania man plunders pot from police because it 'smelled so good'
Thai Senator 'accidentally' kills aide with Uzi, aide who happened to be his ex-wife
Anti-Semitic Politician Discovers That He Is Jewish
Spokesman for pot group fired at news conference
Whites Believe They Are Victims of Racism More Often Than Blacks (x-post from r/anarchism)
Ads being seen on municipal buses in San Francisco
Texan freaks out over black guy bagging his groceries. Cites religious freedom as excuse.
Conspiracy theorists freak out over National Weather Service order for 46,000 rounds of hollowpoint ammo
Toronto mayor caught repeatedly reading while behind the wheel; offers "I'm busy" as explanation.
Prosecutor Defeated by Glaring Stupidity of Pot Laws
Daily Mail newspaper deletes 'Arbeit Macht Frei' advice to unemployed graduates
Cuckoo migrates to Italy in plane
Bear Robs Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
Cat Immersion Therapy Helps Cancer Patient
Scientists investigate 'mad snake disease' which makes captive pythons tie themselves in knots
What's worse than texting while driving? Texting while piloting a plane
Woman's faith in GPS leads her onto active train tracks.
Leader of antisemetic party in Hungary discovers he is Jewish.
Palestinian prisoner's wife has baby from "smuggled sperm"
AFL-CIO drags Verizon workers into Philadelphia rally for Democrats
Parkinson's disease sufferer tackled to the ground and held by police at Olympic cycling road race 'because he would not smile'
Parents upset over new system to get kids through cafeteria lines faster because of "the mark of the beast"
Scientists Finally Conclude Nonhuman Animals Are Conscious Beings
SCANDAL! Player Caught Hiding Blank Tiles at Scrabble National Championships
Clueless star tells Putin Pussy Riot doesn't eat meat
'Hezbollah-Land': Terrorist Theme Park Opens In Lebanon
Hipsters stunned as vintage cameras fail to make them professional photographers
Scrabble Cheater Cheats at National Championships
Bill Gates on quest to reinvent the toilet
SportsCenter Spends The Day Celebrating Tim Tebow's Birthday
Former Baywatch Star Falls off Mountain While Searching for Noah's Ark
Ebay to ban the sale of magic spells, potions.
A Kalashnikov Factory in Russia Survives on Sales to U.S. Gun Owners
Woman faces $600-a-day fine for feeding needy neighbourhood kids
School wants to collect biometric data from children; concerned parents ridiculed as "religious crazies".
Boy's Uncle wrestled shark to get boys severed amr back
Teen gets kicked out of scrabble tournament.
CNN gives up on news; starts reality shows?
Credit goes to my sister for this awful story.
Woman shoplifts 42-inch TV by putting it under her skirt
Apple gets 'screwed' by online hoax
High School Student Seeking Book Summary on Yahoo! Answers Gets Response From Author
Former Wikileaks staffer accuses Julian Assange of abusing his cat and refusing to flush the toilet.
Gerber Recalls Machetes Due to Laceration Hazard
Telemarketers Get Higher Approval Rating Than US Congress
Shitterton declared worst-named British town, followed by Scratchy Bottom, Golden Balls, and Brokenwind
Four different women give labor within 24 hrs of eating restaurant's shrimp quesadillas.
Paul Ryan sponsored a bill that would allow rapists to stop their victims from aborting.
Obama Is Behind Aurora, Sikh Temple Shootings claims hasbeen rocker.
Opinion: The government should take over Facebook
Woman Freaked Out By New Parking Meters Sues Santa Monica for $1.7 Billion
President Obama leads Mitt Romney among registered voters not likely to vote
Christian lobby group shoot suspect had "ammo, 15 Chick-Fil-A sandwiches" in backpack
Driver swerves to avoid moose, hits bear instead
Priest In Underwear Chases Boy Down Street
Norwegian driver hits bear after trying to avoid moose
Pentagon Proposes Controversial Policy Assigning Ranks To Military Spouses
Megadeth's Dave Mustaine: Obama Staged 'Batman' Massacre - Corporate Media Goes on the Attack :
Mitt Romney Innocently Uses Cuban Slang For 'Vagina' When Professing Appreciation For Papayas
Might have saved his sister's life, but lets hope he'll be wanting to save his virginity later down the line.
CREEPY! Disneyland used facial recognition software to sell a guy photos of himself and his girlfriend on a ride -- with his credit card info helpfully attached
EBay Says Users Will No Longer Be Able To Sell Magic, Potions, Curses
Walter White wanted for manufacturing meth
Islamic sect in Russia builds underground compound; prison from The Dark Knight Rises turns out not to be that far-fetched.
Fight between two dads at kindergarten turns deadly
17 year old girl arrested after going to the police station where the dispatcher hung up on her for cursing on the phone.
Man hides from police in a septic tank not because he has broken the law, but because it seems like what someone would do on TV.
Judge says Apple is 'smoking crack' after seeing rebuttal witness list
The Ukrainian Moral Commission has decided that Spongebob Squarepants is gay & therefore unfit for television.
Man pleads guilty to shooting dog, then beating girlfriend with dead pet.
17-Year Old Girl Calls 911 to Help Dying Father, Arrested for Dropping the F-Bomb
Kentucky lawmakers shocked to find evolution in biology tests
Woman to be fined $600 for feeding needy children
Ukrainian commission wants to ban 'gay' SpongeBob and Teletubbie 'losers'
GOP Congressional Candidate Accuses His African-American Opponent Of Pretending To Be Black
"Lebron James is very bad man. He should apologise to the city of Cleveland.", says Gitmo detainee and former translator for bin Laden
Woman assaults boyfriend after budget argument over tampons and tattoos
Cowboys fan sues team over burned butt.
Police seeking Walter White on meth charges
Kentucky GOP Outraged Colleges Want Students to Know Things
Mother of joy-riding 14 year old finds it inappropriate that the car's owner chased him down and called police. Classic.
Pennsylvania Dad Abandons Daughter Over Poor Math Grade
Air France asks passengers for refuel cash at Damascus stop
Remarkable spell from Graham Onions takes nine wickets
Bears in beer-fuelled Norway cabin break in
Fighter jet sent to rouse drunken Norwegian freighter captain
Western Europeans Have More Cars Per Person Than Americans
Cops bust clown using Steve Jobs' stolen iPad to entertain kids
Police: Burglar found in Md. home cooking pot pie (WaPo)
Pussy Riot Members Guilty of Hooliganism
Giant catfish burgles couple's home
Charges dropped against fugitive doctor, because evidence is using too much space on federal servers
Man with 15 Chick-Fil-A sandwiches shoots a guard at Family Research Council
Bank of Canada bans image of Asian-looking woman from new $100 banknotes
Passengers on an Air France flight were asked to "chip in" to pay cash for a refuel after their plane was forced to land in Syria. Bonus: "Then they told us to take off our seat belts as there was a risk the plane could catch fire during refuelling and that we should run if told to."
Driver swerves to avoid moose, hits bear instead. -Motorist escapes uninjured but animal is wounded.
Mississippi county runs 'school-to-prison pipeline'
eBay bans 'intangible' items including spells, curses and advice
Plane diverts to Syria, passengers asked if they could pay for fuel.
Gay parades banned in Moscow for 100 years
Former translator for terror leader Osama bin Laden wants LeBron James to apologize to Cleveland
Spit made police vehicle unusable
Man turns neighbors' heads with thong. "I'm fun; it's fun, I mean. But it is a lot packed into that."
Sun is too round, say scientists
Pro baseball players tells 9-year-old kids at clinic to "be as sexy as you can."
LA restaurant offers discount to diners that don't use their cell phones.
Russian drug smuggler still imprisoned in Chile is playing professional football
Fewer teens having oral sex
Teenager uses fake ID with picture of cartoon character to buy alcohol at SIX different shops
Hiker climbs 13,000ft to rescue injured dog after owner left it to die - and now they're fighting a custody battle
Underage teenager uses fake ID with picture of cartoon character to buy alcohol (repost from r/WTF)
Teenager used fake ID with picture of Bobby Hill to buy alcohol
Obama gets anti-secrecy award in a secret meeting in an undisclosed location
Guantánamo Prisoners Are Getting Cute Cuddly Kittens For 'Good Behavior' [x-post from r/aww]
Photo: Trenton solid waste office had unclothed blonde mannequin posed over counter
Russian Orthodox Church Asks For Clemency For Convicted Pussy Riot Members
Gordon Ramsay's dwarf porn double found dead in a badger den in Wales
Russian punk band "Pussy Riot" members found guilty of "hooliganism"
The NY Times writes about stoop drinking ("Savoring the Illicit Thrill of a Glass of Something, Outside")
Pat Robertson chides woman who has adopted three children from abroad looking for dating advice: "A man doesn't want to take on the United Nations, and this woman's got all these various children and blended family. What is it?"
Drug Dealers in Brazil ban sale of crack, claim it destabilizes communities
Army Issues Anti-Suicide Nasal Spray To Troops
Siberian Princess reveals her 2,500 year old tattoos are cooler than yours
Man named Walter White wanted on meth charges in Tuscaloosa County
82 y/o Nun breaks into Y-12 National Security Complex, the 'Fort Knox of Wranium'
Army Increases Combat Effectiveness With More Reflective Belts, Extremely Safe Combat Patrols.
Olympics Organizers Ask Keith Moon to Play Closing Ceremony
'Cougar almost ate me for lunch,' says 7-year-old B.C. boy
For Romney: No Coffee, but Coffee Ice Cream OK
82 y/o Nun breaks into Y-12 National Security Complex, the 'Fort Knox of Uranium'
Judge: Florida Teacher Who Soaked Autistic Kid's Crayons in Hot Sauce Should Get Job Back
Cowboy hat wearing WWE wrestler kicks Mexicans back to Mexico
Conservatives complain Obamacare didn't go far enough
San Francisco cafe bans 'talking about annoying hipster topics' [Repost from r/offbeat]
Republican Senate Nominee: Victims Of 'Legitimate Rape' Don't Get Pregnant
Russians Sue Madonna For Supporting Gays
Man fights to keep wife buried in front yard
Congressman's Remarks About Rape and Pregnancy Rebuked on Twitter [In the case of what he called "legitimate rape," the "female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down."]
A baseball player creates a fake supplement with a fake website hoping to fool investigators into thinking his positive drug test was inadvertent.
Paul Ryan When Cruelty Is Cute - NYTimes.com
Almost Naked Priest Chases Kid Down Street
Valedictorian in Oklahoma denied high school diploma because she said "hell" in graduation speech.
Republican Congressman Scolded After Drinking and Nudity in Israel
Republican Congressman Scolded For Drinking and Skinny-Dipping Where Jesus Walked On Water
Founder of Crocs goes bonkers, claims Taylor Swift crashed his car
A woman went to the hospital to give birth, woke up missing all her limbs. The hospital refused to tell her what happened. [xpost]
Roommate's singing leads to beating death
La Leche League Canada rejects breastfeeding dad's bid to become lactation coach
Casino deals unshuffled cards, loses 41 straight hands of baccarat to gamblers.
"Explosive boners" should be avoided, Shawn Mitchell says in "legitimate rape" discussion
Missouri Rep. Todd Aiken apologizes for abortion and "legitimate rape" remarks, calling them "ill-conceived"
The Wrong Side Absolutely Must Not Win - Reason.com
GHSU Lab Technician Found Drunk, Partially Nude In Locker Room While 2 Monkeys Loose In Lab
Oklahoma HS valedictorian denied diploma over using the word 'hell' in her graduation speech
Firefighters have warned of the dangers of driving into a petrol forecourt when your car is on fire.
Air France Asks Passengers For Gas Money After Emergency Landing In Syria
Rosie O'Donnell suffers a heart attack, blames it on "an enormous woman"
Valedictorian in Okhlahoma refused diploma and told to apologize by high school, because she said the word "hell" in her speech
Man's will requires gay son to marry a woman to get inheritance.
Mike Huckabee Would Like to Remind You That Rape Has Created Some Extraordinary People
Huckabee to Akin: 'Horrible' rapes created some extraordinary people
Russell Neff Accused Of Breaking Into Home, Licking Remote Control In His Underwear, Cooking
ESPN viewers outraged that Skip Bayless might be racist.
High School Assistant Principal resigns after striking a student in the face with a hambuger
Man Jailed For Rating Partner's Sexual Performance on Facebook [X-Post From News]
Striking miners got muti (medicine) from a witch doctor which made them think they were invincible and bullets would not harm them.
Man arrested for attempting to pay with $2 bills, police blame it on 9/11.
South Florida man wins $30,000 settlement upon being accused of listening music too loudly.
Drunk man charged after blowing up portable toilet up at music festival
Three daycare employees in Delaware have been arrested for allegedly encouraging two three-year-olds to fight in "Fight Club"
Kirk Cameron Defends Todd Akin
On Chinese Beaches, The Face-Kini Is In Fashion
Daycare Workers Accused of Running Toddler Fight Club
Syphilis scare stops entire porn industry in LA as health officials investigate
Ann Romney: "Why should women be paid equal to men?"
Labeling blunder lands pet food on prisoners' meal trays
Fifty Shades of Grey lifts Barnes & Noble sales
NBC sign Michael J Fox to make a comedy TV series about Parkinsons
Oklahoma kindergartner banned from wearing Michigan shirt due to school policy that only allows support of state teams.
British Christian group says legalising gay marriage could lead to increase in abortions
Victim Testifies He Was Stabbed in the Eye By Man Who Believed He Was Using Black Magic During Jailhouse Scrabble Game
Underage Teenager uses ID with picture of Bobby Hill to buy alcohol
Anne Romney: Women should be paid less than men.
Avril Lavigne Engaged to Nickelback's Chad Kroeger
Avril Lavigne And Nickelback's Chad Kroeger Engaged.
Zombies Invade Google Campus
Would be New Jersey good samaritans accidentally restrain victim, allow thief to get away.
Israeli donkeys get WiFi-equipped for historical theme park
Rest Assured, Parents, Teens Really Do Get Smarter With Time
Sausage row hits Croatian-Slovenian relations
Avril Lavigne to marry Nickelback's Chad Kroeger
Man attacks roommate with replica wolverine claws
Elderly woman destroys 19th-century fresco with DIY restoration
Mike Huckabee says 'forcible rapes' create 'extraordinary' people
Toilets recalled for explosion risk
Girls-only group "shocked" to learn that Augusta National has, until now, been men-only
Grieving son forced to smash mother's headstone after church rules it is 'too lavish'
Grieving son forced to smash mother's headstone after Pulborough church rules it is 'too lavish'
Israeli town equips donkeys with wireless routers
Spanish fresco restoration botched by amateur
He was naked, on crack and in alligator's mouth
High price of corn forcing farmers to feed candy to livestock
Recipe for Ice Cubes
Rush Limbaugh Claims Hurricane Isaac Is an Obama Conspiracy to Cancel GOP Convention
Soccer player from Peru jokes about having arms and drugs in airport, triggers security alert
Texas Judge: An Obama-Led United Nations Invasion Of Lubbock, Texas Is Only The 'Worst Case Scenario'
New Zealander jailed for Ostrich Egg assault on Wife
From an evolutionary point of view, Mitt Romney should get 100 percent of the female vote.
Cows eating candy during the drought
Poll: 0 percent of blacks for Mitt Romney
Walmart Groper Grabbed Woman Because 'Her Booty Looked So Good' | Reuters
Sheriff candidate would use deadly force to stop abortions
Jail for ostrich egg assault after pig attacks saw
Shoplifter scuppered by Scotch bonnet chillis
Man bites Cobra to death in retaliation for the snake biting him!
Texas judge warns of civil war if Obama is re-elected - CNN.com
Texas judge promises to help protect Texas from invading army if Obama is re-elected
NYPD: Muslims' Conversations About Anti-Muslim Bias Justify Spying on Muslims
Skip Bayless Says White Redskins Fans Will Support Kirk Cousins Over Robert Griffin III
Texas judge warns of civil war if Obama is re-elected
U.S. Olympic Runner Runs 5-Minute Mile ... While Chugging Beers
A middle-class couple who fear the financial crisis could lead to the meltdown of Western civilsation have sold their house and possessions to buy a yacht - which they are planning to sail to Greece.
Behavior of Young Children Under Conditions Simulating Entrapment in Refrigerators
An Estonian gas and heating company is embroiled in a scandal after posting an image of the Auschwitz "arbeit macht frei" (work sets you free) gate on its website
Joey Shithead To Run For Political Office
Avril Lavigne Engaged to Nickelback Singer Chad Kroeger
Obama agency rules Pepsi's use of aborted fetal cells in soft drinks constitutes 'ordinary business operations'
Photo of boy in public housing with an iPad prompts debate over what the poor should have
Man Bites Cobra to Death.
Lab tech parties with escaped monkeys
I don't know why people buy cars from Mitsubishi, Mitsubish cars are outdated and overpriced - Mitsubishi CEO
Man Arrested for Choking a Pelican to Death
Idaho Republican Wonders if Women Know What Rape Is
Facebook Is Basically Forcing Its Employees To Use Android Phones Because Its Android App Is Just Awful
Irish 2013 licence plates to change to avoid 'unlucky number'
Lawmaker who thinks gays a threat to children crashes boat into children
Vancouver dodgeball team mistaken for gangsters
MakerBot 3D Printer company not happy someone copied their printer.
Grave of King Richard III may be under parking lot
Chinese husband sues wife for being ugly, wins $120,000
Man bites snake to death
Dispute over Alpha-Getti leads to gunfire
Nazis protest in a black neighborhood, residents retaliate by destroying their own neighborhood.
Florida Walmart groper blames victim's irresistible 'booty'
Todd Akin to election opponent: No, you drop out.
New 9/11 Coloring Book Features Terrorist Trading Cards
'Pregnancy Begins 2 Weeks Before Conception' Now The Law In Arizona | The New Civil Rights Movement
Runaway tortoise chased down by sheriff
Texas man spreads gospel with his dog 'the Prophet' | The Raw Story
Time Capsule from 1912 Opened Today; Contains Nothing Interesting Whatsoever
Playdough use offends Maori
Sony patent aims to force viewers to acknowledge brands --by shouting their names-- before they can skip commercials [/r/technology xpost]
Paul Ryan Digs Rage Against the Machine
Canada pull banknote image depicting an Asian Scientist citing "depiction of stereotypes of excellence in technology"
Sex killers not anti-social loners, study suggests
'Bird Bermuda Triangle' Blamed For Hundreds Of Pigeon Disappearances
RNC Official Says NM Governor Disrespected Custer by Meeting American Indians
Playdough banned in kindergartens because it is culturally insensitive
Japanese politician apologizes after saying gang rape is fine so long as those who gang rape are in good spirits.
All seven of Lance Armstrong's Tour de France Wins Would Now Go To Cyclists With Doping Scandals Of Their Own
Baby hipsters shop for back to school fashions
Police: Please ignore the black, unmarked helicopters flying at low altitudes
Astronaut Neil Young, first man to walk on moon, dies at age 82
Fox News: Abortion to Blame For The Financial Crisis
Oregon man in possession of 13 million gallons of illicit rainwater sentenced to jail
Lawmaker believes boats are a threat to children, runs boat into children.
Lawmaker believes gays are a threat to children, runs boat into children.
Man bites snake to death in Nepal revenge attack
Salon: Every man's favorite sex study
Death metal, the sound of Tampa, won't be heard at Republican convention
Rambrant lost in the post by art gallery.
Evernote Declares A 'Cease-Fire' In Its War With Paper
Man mistakes son for monkey, shoots him dead
Bride drowns while modelling wedding gown
Del. Dwyer's career hurt by boating accident, experts say
Norwegian Gallery loses Rembrandt Etching in the Mail
Mike Bloomberg And His 11 Homes Think New York Homeless Shelters Are Too Damn Nice. Homeless Disagree
Health Officials: No Need To Call 911 For Mosquito Bites
UN Spokesman on Lubbock Judge's comments: "No one, not even the United Nations, would ever mess with Texas."
"Stunning" Angeline Jolie Look-alike Forces Taxi Driver to have Sex at Knife-point
Wily coyotes latest woe for golf pros
A Cambridge professor has tackled the issue of spontaneous combustion - using belly pork
A Tortoise found wandering across a Stirling street is thought to have crawled all the way from Arbroath (~70 mile journey). Rescuer says she will keep him unless someone claims tortoise.
Evelyn Lozada in Solitary walk on beach following chad johnson marriage breakdown
Criminal gets stopped by a "pull" door
Pea plant grows inside man's lung.
Avril Lavigne Is Engaged To Nickelback Singer Chad Kroeger
Playdough culturally insensitive to Maori, says institute
Dallas Cowboys Ban Dez Bryant From Strip Clubs
man stabbed to death by cockfighting bird
Elvis Presley's yellow stained underwear up for auction.
Man steals phone from Ebola patient at Uganda hospital, gets Ebola
Grand Island Preschooler Forbidden to Sign His Own Name in School
Women Call For Sex Strike To Prompt Government To Stand Down
Mermaids aren't real, U.S. agency affirms
will.i.am to premiere new song from the surface of Mars
Tax dollars being used to prevent against exploding sausages
Woman Takes Part In Search For Herself
Javelin accident kills German athletics official
Anti-Gay Activist and Prop 8 Donor Charged With Sexually Assaulting Young Boys(x/post from /r/politics)
Penn State no longer singing Sweet Caroline at football games due to "touching me, touching you lyrics". Xpost from Sports
Man dressed as Sasquatch killed on highway.
Vigilante Mob Attacks Home of Paediatrician
Woman with objects fetish marries Eiffel Tower
Cop sues SFPD for right to hang out with naked vampires
New law in Arizona states 'pregnancy begins two weeks before conception'
A multi-jurisdictional bomb squad went into the 78- year-old woman's home in the 1700 block of Fox Hill Drive and safely removed four explosive devices; three had detonated in the explosion while one remained intact.
Todd Akin Claims Breastmilk Cures Homosexuality
Now this is just getting silly - "Tom Smith, GOP Senate Candidate: Pregnancy From Rape Similar To 'Having A Baby Out Of Wedlock'"
Man Dresses as Bigfoot Walks on Highway, Struck by 2 Cars and Dies
Man run over by two cars and killed while standing on a highway dressed as BIGFOOT
Man leads police on chase... while in a go-cart that cannot go above 25mph
Policemen sleeping in cupboards and under tables to get to work on time
'Sasquatch' Struck by two cars as monster hoax goes bad
An Indian company has launched what it claims is the country's first vagina tightening cream, saying it will make women feel "like a virgin" again.
Brazilian boy with no feet to train at Barcelona football club.
Occupy Wall Street and Westboro Baptist Church clash in Tampa. "Women should not be allowed to vote" yelled one protester from a megaphone
Moon Truthers: Neal Armstrong - LYING PIECE OF MASION SHIT: Good RIDDANCE
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon confirms that they have no plans to invade Texas
Bigfoot hoax ends in death, authorities say
School demands that boy must change his name from Hunter because it violates its weapons policy
Amish beard-cutting attacks planned for months, court told
Bigfoot hoax ends in death (CNN)
Pedestrian killed on U.S. 93 while staging Bigfoot hoax
TSA Employees Ignored Baggage Scanning Monitors to play on their cell phones; TSA insists that despite this, no dangerous materials were ignored; TSA fires screeners
Missing woman searches for self
Todd Akin, of "legitimate rape doesn't cause pregnancy" fame, now says that breast milk can 'cure' gay men. "Lesbians can drink...I'll leave that to your imagination."
Coal Miners Forced to Attend Mitt Romney Rally During Work Hours Without pay
Bigfoot hoax ends badly: Montana jokester hit, killed by car
Church of England suggests numerous Biblical figures, including Jesus, may have been mentally ill.
Donald Trump Makes An Ass Of Himself In Florida, Surprises No One
Woman gives birth to her own grandson
Pennsylvania road crew paints over dead raccoon
Angry father blows up daughter's boyfriend
Stinky shot: Texas woman aims for skunk, accidentally shoots husband.
"We're not going to let our campaign be dictated by fact checkers," - Romney pollster Neil Newhouse.
Man Killed while trying to create Bigfoot sighting
Nothing To Do With Arbroath: Woman took part in search for herself
School: Teacher Helps Students Cheat Because She Says They're 'Dumb As Hell'
Deaf child's sign language name looks too much like gun
One Million Moms concerned with bestiality in a Skittles commercial.
Samsung Pays Apple $1 Billion Sending 30 Trucks Full of 5 Cents Coins
nraustinii, a 3 year redditor, has total comment karma that is 705 karma less than his best comment.
Man almost dies after mailing himself to his girlfriend in sealed package
Report: Black CNN Camerawoman Had Nuts Thrown at Her at GOP Convention, Assailant Shouted "This Is How We Feed Animals"
Gay Republicans party at 'Homocon' - Jedd Rosche - POLITICO.com
Taco Bell sells 200 million Doritos tacos; considers releasing Cool Ranch flavor next [xpost r/offbeat]
51% of people believe stormy weather could interfere with cloud computing
'Hitler' clothing store stirs anger in India
Full Retard: Todd Akin claims breast milk cures homosexuality
Man opens a clothing store called "Hitler". Claims to not know about the Holocaust
Teacher Is In Trouble For Giving Kids Quiz On Penis Size "See The Black Man Is Bigger Theory...."
Man loses his kit for picking locks, asks a policeman for help
Romney Party Yacht Flies Cayman Islands Flag
Mars rover beams new will.i.am song
British boy finds valuable whale vomit
Obama vows to release his beer recipe
Missing Iceland tourist joins search party for herself
Man uses someone else's picture for his profile on a dating site - the picture of a man who raped and murdered an eight-year old girl
Obama Says His Reddit Experience 'Not Bad'
Solar powered robotic sunfish grooves to the Grateful Dead
Idiot nearly dies trying to mail himself in a box to his girlfriend
Gay couple sues United Airlines after "baggage handlers took dildo out of their checked luggage and taped it to the top of their bag"
Creator of TV Show 'Girls' Defends All White Cast By Claiming She Knows No Black People
GOP blames Obama for GM plant that closed before he became president.
Cop tickets fire fighter for "obstructing traffic and failure to display his driver's license" for blocking the road with a marked SUV at the scene of an alarm under instruction from the fire chief
Mitt Romney's Presidential Rolemodel Is James K. Polk
x-post from r/worldnews: 'Missing' woman unknowingly joins search for herself
Arizona passes a law that says women can't get abortions before they get pregnant.
Al Jazeera: Muslims Appalled By Paul Ryan's Women's Rights Record
Cop fights for vampire nudes
Firefighters rescue cow stuck up tree
The single largest group of internet pornography consumers is children aged 12-17
Local man captures thief in walk in freezer.
South African miners charged with murder after 34 colleagues shot by police
State Department officer says 'holding down the fort' is racist
Whales victims of horrific seagull attacks
Mayor Dead After Apparent Donkey Attack
Missing woman unknowingly joins the search for herself
Michele Bachmann says Romney is best presidential candidate because Obama is too wealthy [VIDEO] - Minneapolis - News - The Blotter (x/post from /politics)
Facebook Making Its Employees Use Android App To See How Terrible It Is
Father Benedict Groeschel (Archdiocese of NY): You Have It Backwards, Those Kids Are Seducing US
I've been seeing a lot of articles here lately that's starting to make this look more like r/politics than r/NotTheOnion. May I humbly ask that we please make a conscious effort to follow the sidebar rules?
Man Pushes Teenager Off Lawnmower, Tebows, Drives Off
Todd Akin Blames Bill Nye for Hurricane
Me and my 8 week old British Lab watching Doctor Who.
Electrocuted 'Good Samaritans' to be Charged by City of Los Angeles
Missing woman helps search team find herself
Samsung pays Apple its $1 billion legal fees in nickels
Drunken brawl started over toilet
100-year-old driver's car examined after he hits 14 people
Missing woman unwittingly joins search party looking for herself Weird | News | Toronto Sun
Guy beats the delivery person because "he forgot the garlic knots"
High-ranking Catholic priest says teen boys seduced convicted Penn State pedophile Jerry Sandusky
High school wants to RFID chip the students
Harvard Students Suspected Of Cheating In 'Introduction To Congress'
Brother's gift of a kidney thrown away by hospital
Haruki Murakami is 10 to 1 favorite for winning the Nobel, according to gambling community
World's richest woman says poor should have less fun, work harder to make more money (or just, like, inherit it, as she did).
Catholic priest says children are 'seducers'
Nintendo Knitting Machine: Now You're Knitting With Power
Clint Eastwood Delivers Bizarre, Rambling Speech To Empty Chair
Police probing Quebec maple syrup heist worth up to $30-million
Tourist joins frantic search for herself.
Chinese grandmother grows 'devil' horns | Mail Online
Federal agency reports: Sorry, no such thing as mermaids - RT
Boy discovers piece of whale vomit worth up to $60,000
Jesus stuck in a drivethrough
Canada has a 7.7 million kilogram International Strategic Reserve of maple syrup.
Woman joins search party, realizes everyone was looking for her
Man obsessed with Fox News, GOP is in jail for attacking wife upon learning she is a liberal
Man Gets Drunk, Murders 70,000 Chickens
Police say multiple reports of a cougar turned out to be a "very muscular orange cat."
Chinese toddler's karaoke tantrum ends in bloodbath
Large Chunk of Strategic Maple Syrup Reserve has Gone Missing
Canada's Emergency Maple Syrup Reserve Has Been Stolen! (x-post from r/canada)
Republican Governor of Arizona accidentally endorses Obama for president
Did San Diego bus drivers eat pot brownies?
Harvard investigates largest cheating scandal in memory. The course 125 students might have cheated in? "Introduction to Congress"
Man dies after rectally inserting 10 pounds of bacon
Islamist group warns tomatoes are "Christian"
Clint Eastwood speech with empty chair upstages Mitt Romney at GOP convention
Robbers enter 7-11 about to rob it. One of them throws a firecracker, which startles the other, causing him to run out the door... They probably should have rehearsed that
Scientists: All men look at porn
Man (with piercings) ejaculates during TSA pat down. Is promptly arrested.
Huge naked lady unveiled to world
Catholic priest blames children for sexual abuse
Instagram unable to deal with flood of sexually suggestive pictures.
Firemen called in to rescue Cow stuck up a tree
Jehovah's Witnesses release silent video urging deaf people to stop masturbating.
At the Walker Art Center, one of most prominent American institutions of contemporary art, the Golden Kitty award went to "Henri 2: Paw de Deux."
Police say Conway man accidentally shot himself in the head while watching movie.
The Today Show teaches you how to host your own Reddit AMA.
DOJ Targeted Public Library for Lending E-Books 'Inaccessible' to the Blind
82-year-old woman claims she wouldn't steal if the government gave her more money.
Man steals phone from ebola patient, gets ebola
16 Kickstarter Projects that could destroy civilization
Man Builds Secret Underground Lair in Ex-Girlfriend's House To Spy on Her
Paul Ryan says he misstated marathon run time claim
Youngster finds chunk of whale vomit worth £40,000
Mount Obama washed away by rain
Detroit Police Too Busy To Arrest Self-Professed Killer
Seven-Year-Old Wins Iceland Ram Groping Contest
Scientists start study by looking for men in their 20s who do not watch porn; give up on study after being unable to find any
Bruce Willis takes Apple to court over rights to music collection after his death
US artist to sell Swedish sweat to tourists
Adults laugh and film while Yellowstone bison charges at their children
Canadian maple syrup stolen from warehouse stocking over $30 million worth of maple syrup
Court rules warnings on dangerous products violate corporation's free speech
Man's Body Found at Cemetery [only headline nottheonion worthy]
Man burns through game show winning's before can claim her share in divorce proceedings.
AC/DC superfan arrested four times in 26 hours for rocking too hard
Thieves make off with 1/4 of Quebec's strategic maple syrup reserve
Bizarre poodle moth fascinates ... and frightens ... the masses online
Bruce Willis To Sue Apple Over Right To Bequeath His iTunes Library
Man tweets YOLO moments before crashing his car and killing four others.
Amish face hate crimes charges against fellow Amish for attempted beard-cuttings.
Biden Secret Service U-Haul stolen in Detroit
Group Proceeds With 2-Hour Islamic 'Jumah' Prayers 'at the DNC' (And You Won't Believe Who's Invited)
A uniquely Canadian crime: Thieves make off with millions of dollar's worth of maple syrup.
Local news station tries to do interview about weather, naked man walks out from the woods [Arkansas]
Atlanta Teacher Helped Students Cheat Because They Were "Dumb as Hell"
Gay couple sues United Airlines for taping dildo to top of their checked luggage
Todd Akin claims breast milk cures homosexuality
9.000 miners get payed in pickles
Reality TV show of mission to Mars airing in 2013.
Robber caught by police based on sketch drawn by the caricaturist that he robbed
Taliban pulls off massive goat heist on Pak-Afghan border
Australians encouraged to catch deadly spiders
April 2008: Nearly 200 Removed From Texas Religious Compound run by Mormons on evidence of 15-year-old having baby of 50-year-old
Wells Fargo Fires Employee Who Committed 10-Cent Fraud in 1963
Chinese Company Goophone releases an iPhone 5 clone and will sue Apple over the design if they release in China.
UK Health Secretary thinks homeopathy works
High Speed Naked Sex Games In A Ferrari Allegedly Killed The Son Of A Chinese Official
Chuck Norris: If Obama Is Reelected, It Could Bring About 'One Thousand Years Of Darkness'
There's a new crazy cat lady in town who eats 900 kitty treats a day
Owner of clothing store 'Hitler' agrees to a name change
Two teens attempt to carjack a vehicle, but fail because neither can drive a manual transmission
Why does Social Security need 174,000 bullets?
Federal judge rules state must provide sex reassignment surgery for Michelle Kosilek, who was convicted of murdering his wife
Clerk Arrested For Knocking Cap Off Child Who Repeatedly Called Him 'Fat'
In Mexico, a strain of bird flu has resulted in a chicken culling that has caused an egg shortage that has prompted a reduction in egg import taxes. Net result? Probably about the same number of tacos.
man is dead after demonstrating the "proper way" to shoot yourself in the head.
Nicki Minaj: 'I'm a Republican Voting for Mitt Romney' Read more: http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/nicki-minaj-raps-im-a-republican-voting-for-mitt-romney-20120904#ixzz25YJfrWkq
Canadian city accidentally names school after Wilson Phillips singer
Un-inception?? Man arrested for calling 911 to report dream.
Pressuring Children To Eat Increases Risk Of Obesity - New research in the September issue of Journal of Developmental & Behavioral Pediatrics
Parents of 14 month old twins hand out bags of candy and ear plugs along with a preemptive apology note to passengers on airplane.
Groundbreaking study finds Australian beaches are popular on hot, sunny days
Court to decide if lap dancing is a tax-exempt art form
"Smoking healthier than gay marriage" - Australian Christian Lobby
Man proposes by faking a gory death.
Multi-millionaire and candidate to rule the free world Mitt Romney invited to London 2012 Olympics for the hard work and commitment of his wife's dancing horse
13 Year Old Boy Hangs Himself Over Wii (apologies if a repost)
Anaheim Candidate Can Use Name 'Chavez,' Judge Rules. "They can say what they want but that's my name"
Bag of Cheetoes Leads to Deadly Stabbing
Banning Manning's #18 jerseys in Weld County schools. "They told me I couldn't wear 18 anymore because it's a gang number and I had to take it off" said Konnor Vanatta, a third grader.
Putin to fly hanglider to lead endangered crane migration
Drain clogged with children's balls causes flood damage.
Russian Finance Ministry rules that bribes are not tax deductible. (xpost from /r/tax)
Dentist sues patient for $300,000 negative online review
Teens attempt a carjacking but fail because neither can drive a stick shift
Mother Potty Trains her twin daughters on plastic toilets... in the middle of a restaurant
Vladimir Putin to don fake beak, fly motorized hang-glider to lead a flock of endangered cranes on migration to Asia.
Vladimir Putin flew a motorized hang-glider to lead a flock of endangered young Siberian white cranes on part of their migration to Asia.
Rush Limbaugh says Obama is not 'authentically black', has no 'slave blood'
Canadian Hummer Driver Saves A Gaggle Of Children With His Car
Florida teens busted in fake arrest scheme to steal Yu-Gi-Oh cards from Walmart
Chinese knockoff manufacturer designs phone based off of leaked iPhone 5 parts, then patents design.
Judge says 'It takes huge courage to burgle somebody's house' and lets serial burglar off lightly/
Deaf Child's Sign For His Name Violates Gun Policy, Says School District
Man in jail after attacking friend with meat cleaver for making fun of his neck tattoo.
NY court to decide if lap dance is tax-exempt art.
Ben & Jerry's sues over porn copycats
Man stabbed to death over a bag of Cheetos in Downtown St. Louis
Chocolate firm decries deep-fried Mars bars as "against our commitment to promoting healthy, active lifestyles"
Sleepy stoned tagger suspect caught red-handed - National - NZ Herald News
Drew Peterson Jury Sends Note Asking What the Definition of "Unanimous" Is
Evangelical GP prescribes chemical castration as "cure" for homosexuality (x-post from /r/worldnews)
Feds: Cop Pulled Over Female Drivers To Look At Their Breasts
Man dies after doctor takes lunch during kidney surgery
Honolulu police change Facebook posting rules
NYPD Opens Branch in Israel
China instructs universities to send thousands of students to assemble the Apple iphone5
The number 18 banned in Colorado school
Girlfriend finds boyfriends lovers panties in Henry.
Police: Pa. man broke into deli, made sandwich, stole cash and cold cuts
Florida man arrested for calling 911 twice to report that his dreams were happening in the real world
CEO says 'stupid' consumers deserve hefty fees
It continues: Chuck Norris Warns Fox & Friends Of The '1,000 Years Of Darkness' That Would Follow Obama's Reelection
Couple hides handgun in stroller with their baby
Local Ron Paul supporter experienced highs, lows of GOP convention
Hungary PM 'unfriends' IMF on Facebook
Behold, the Toothbrush That Just Saved the International Space Station
Alec Baldwin's Daughter OK With Dad's Rants, Strangers Masturbating To Her Photos: Gothamist
Texas judge filmed beating daughter can return to bench ruling on family law - has been on paid leave.
Bank of America Gets Pad Locked After Homeowner Forecloses On It
They Won't Magically Turn You Into A Lustful Cockmonster
U.S. warns citizens of 'zombie apocalypse'
The Mighty Michelle bag. Some call it the First Lady of Fabulous bag. (x-post)
Magic store owner gets 2 years in prison for vanishing money
Email from First Lady Michelle Obama encourages families to give up a meal and donate that money to her husband's reelection campaign
World's richest woman says poor should have less fun, work harder
NYPD In Israel: Police Department Opens Branch In Kfar Saba With Lone Detective Charlie Ben-Naim - it's no secret that the bigger-than-the-FBI NYPD has extensive counterterrorism operations
"Canadian Government is Racist" - Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman
Millions of dollars of maple syrup stolen in Canada.
Scientology auditions women to be Tom Cruise's girlfriend.
German pirate party falling apart as almost half of the party's members have yet to pay their annual membership fee.
Racy photograph posted on Facebook leads to bomb hoax at Philadelphia International Airport
Survey shows that climate-change deniers tend to believe in conspiracy theories. Climate-change deniers in uproar, claim survey is part of a conspiracy.
Ohio parents sue their olympic gold medalist daughter for telling stories that cast them in a bad light... so everyone knows that they are not selfish, don't bully her and haven't cheated her financially.
Photo of mom potty-training kids at restaurant table sparks outrage | The Mommy Files | an SFGate.com blog
Family moves cross-country for nonexistent Digital Domain job
Some Ga. Schools Make Mandarin Mandatory
Secret underground bunker at Graceland! Is Elvis in it?
Drunk driver brags about his terrible driving before crashing into a wall
Man receives ransom note for his pink flamingo lawn ornaments
No foreigners or recording devices allowed in the public toilets of China
Ben & Jerry's sues over 'Ben & Cherry's' Porn Series
"Drunk af going 120 drifting corners #FuckIt YOLO", tweets driver who then dies in car crash along with four passengers
Taliban using Facebook pictures of beautiful women to lure soldiers into giving out intelligence.
Scientists Uncertain About Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle
Education expert: Children Succeed With Character, Not Test Scores
England considers making sexist remarks and wolf-whistles criminal offenses
Paul Ryan claims Obama has kept gas prices high on purpose
Man has his pink flamingo lawn ornaments stolen, held for ransom
Members of the Taliban Pose as Hotties to Dupe Soldiers on Facebook [xpost r/offbeat]
Joe Biden buddies up to Ohio bikers
Someone has created a subreddit where you can write your own fictional Onion-style headlines. Thought some of you might be interested. /r/OnionHeadlines :-)
A new subreddit! Write your own Onion headlines over at /r/onionheadlines
Man wakes from 7 year coma after being given a sleeping pill [x-post from r/worldnews]
We certainly don't want to go back to having polio, but on the other hand, I don't think we need to eradicate all the childhood diseases.
RED ALERT: Strip clubs among cleanest kitchens
Manhunt underway in London, Ontario, Canada for Ronald MacDonald
Air passenger caught with monkey in his pants
Three men have been arrested in Delhi for trying to board a flight with small primates hidden in their underwear.
Charles Koch op-ed: Corporate Cronyism Harms America
Poll: 15 Percent of Ohio Republicans Think Mitt Romney Killed Osama bin Laden
Iran decries Canada's 'extremist government' (cross post from /r/Canada)
Man High on PCP Falls Out of Car, Gets Run Over Then Tries to Abduct Baby
Virginia lawmaker: Children with disabilities are God's punishment to women who previously had abortions.
6% of voters think Mitt Romney deserves more credit than Obama for killing Osama bin Laden
No barbed wire...it might hurt the thieves, allotment holders told - A gardener who fenced off his allotment with barbed wire after being targeted by thieves has been ordered to take it down - in case intruders scratch themselves.
Utah man plans to sing 'God Bless the U.S.A.' 911 times to commemorate 9-11 anniversary
Oscar Mayer Proposes a New Bacon as a New Currency
Uh oh! If the Mars rover finds water, it could inadvertently fertilize Mars.
A woman told police she had no idea the plants she had been watering and trimming in her garden were actually marijuana plants.
GOPers now trying to destroy small business owner who bear-hugged Obama
Jermayne Durham forgoes right to trial and signs murder plea deal in exchange for KFC and Popeyes.
Ron Paul Fails to Secure Democratic Party Presidential Nomination
Kim Jong-un gives fitness advice at Pyongyang gym
Syrian President has World's Worst E-Mail Password
Hollister Models Post Racist Photos from South Korea Store Opening, Get Fired
Elvis Presley's soiled underwear fails to sell at auction
Fire Truck Catches Fire Outside Fire Station
Travelers arrested after hiding small primates in underwear at Delhi airport
Police Seize Hedgehog in Apartment Raid - "There were little sausages on the floor for it to eat", says police chief
Language tensions lead to assault with a tomato sandwich and ER visit.
Morgan Freeman is not dead
YOLO Death: Rapper Dies In Car Crash After Tweeting #YOLO
During a trial, and under oath, the Mayor of Toronto states that he was not aware that he was Mayor of Toronto.
Wrigley Co. Uses Bestiality to Sell Skittles
World's number one tennis player "too fat".
Man assaults mother in dispute over bacon.
Cops investigating 'free baby' ad on buy-and-sell website
Red Giant accused of eating its planets
SpongeBob's Doubloons come up missing after probe of PFG (x-post from r/Iowa)
Chris Brown gets tattoo of battered woman on his neck that looks like Rihanna; says that is just "coincidental"
FBI questions 16-year-old about his Youtube video, which portrays America turning into a police state.
Ahmadinejad says enemies destroy Iran's rain clouds: The Iranian president has accused his country's enemies of enacting a sinister plan to create a drought by somehow destroying the rain clouds before they reach Iran
NYC 9/11 memorial features TSA-style screening of all visitors
iPhone 5 Will Save The World: Analysts
Possibly Stoned NASA Scientist Wonders If Maybe We Do Live Inside a Computer?
Chris Brown Tattoos An Image of a Battered Woman On His Neck
Stephen Harper wins 'world statesman' award for being a champion of democracy, freedom and human rights.
After dying hair, girl shows up to school as a ginger. Officials freak out and put her in an isolation room for having "inappropriate" hair.
Hipsters are taking over Australia pubs
Portland school sees racism in peanut butter and jelly sandwiches
Owner of a pizza shop picks up Obama during a campaign stop, gets slaughtered in Yelp reviews as a result
Hollister Store In England Is So Dark People Are Getting Lost
Bronco fans told they can't wear Peyton Manning jerseys to school
NBC 'Today' show skips 9/11 moment of silence in favor of Kardashian mom interview. You stay classy, Today Show.
Car wash attempts to lure customers with free sex after their ninth visit.
Juror says he's too racist and homophobic to serve
Is that a monkey in your pocket or are you happy to see me?
Fox News Exclusive: Wikipedia ignores solution to rampant porn problem
Olsen twins' bodyguard one of 14 charged for using father-son pimp team services
Nova Scotia Independent musician warned by Mint for using pennies on CD cover - thestar.com
Woman finds ex-boyfriend living in her attic
'I Didn't Know You Had Families' Mitt Romney Told Group Of Gay Parents [x-post from /r/politics]
Romney to lesbian mother: "I didn't know you had families"
Teacher named 'Bambi' solicits sex from 16-year-old student
Man who was shot by 11-year-old son gets charged with child abuse for leaving gun where he could get it.
Staten Island teen with mayonnaise jar full of marijuana finds he cannot outrun a horse
Community to Require Doggie DNA in Poop Crackdown
Man tries to kill ex-girlfriend with explosive vibrator
Pat Robertson Encourages Man To Become Muslim So He Can Beat His Wife
Man steals and buries trailers and food trucks to prepared for end of the world.
Man steals and buries food trucks and trailers to prepare for the end of the world.
One of the striking Chicago teacher's main demands: Air conditioned class rooms in the summer for year round schools.
Ahmadinejad accuses West of destroying Iran's rain clouds
iPhone 5 to be called iPhone 5
Thoughts on dating a carless guy
Czech Republic declares state of emergency after alcohol of poor quality enters market.
Near-naked priest chases 12-year-old boy
Drunk Driver Tweets "YOLO" Before Crash, Kills Everyone In Car
Apple turns legal guns on Polish retailer because their shop url is "a.pl"
Woman accused of asking motorists to view her lady parts for money
British teacher couple 'who abandoned daughter' while drinking in Portugal 'vow to get her back'
Teen 'Troll' Rolled Joints With Bridge Tolls, Police Say
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel releases statement through spokesperson stating that he does not like Nickelback.
Grandmother births her own grandchild
College women now hiring image consultants at $300/hour to get them into their preferred sorority
Man victimized in robbery attempt when attacker uses dirty underwear he left on the floor as a weapon.
Japan's Finance Minister Commits Suicide on Suicide Prevention Day
Drunk North Korean man floats to South Korea: Young man appears to have floated to South Korea from the North on a piece of wood, and will likely be allowed to stay if he chooses
Hitman is hired to kill business rival, but goes to the wrong address and kills someone else
73 year old woman gets beaten in central park while photographing man exposing himself
Secret Service investigates 16 year old for threatening Obama on twitter
Harper wins statesman of the year award
Dalai Lama tells his Facebook friends that religion "is no longer adequate" (X-post from R/WorldNews)
New York gym sends 9/11-themed spam
Dramatic moustache causes man to flee hometown.
Most Offensive Protest Sign Ever Prompts Chicago Mayor To Clarify He Doesn't Like Nickelback
Groundbreaking study finds beaches more popular on sunny days. | Discover Magazine
Police Chief Writes Himself Ticket | WISN Home - WISN Home
Woman shot in back of head by 11-year-old son charged with child abuse
New monkey looks exactly like botched artwork
Double Amputee Riding Skateboard Crushed By Truck
Josh Sankey Will Travel Across America Using Only Bacon as Money | Foodbeat.com
Man dressed as sasquatch run over and killed by scared, confused motorists
Woman jailed after burying drowned cat with potato masher (From The Northern Echo)
Woman jailed after burying drowned cat with potato masher (X-Post from r/unitedkingdom)
Peanut butter sandwiches are racist
Montreal man recovering after tomato sandwich attack
Chicago Mayor Emanuel doesn't actually like Nickelback, despite a sign at the teachers strike that indicated otherwise.
Aspiring Rapper Tweets 'YOLO' About Driving Drunk And Dies Minutes Later
Man robbed, not aided, after fall on train tracks
Rogue Ales Developing Beer Made With Yeast Found In Brewmaster's Beard
Chris Brown denies that his new neck tattoo of a brutally beaten woman that looks a lot like Rhianna has anything to do with Rhianna.
Cops: Naked, Bloody Man Gnawed On Woman's Head During Wild Neighborhood Rampage
"Rapper" tweets YOLO about driving drunk. Dies in crash minutes later.
Cameras being installed to monitor cameras that monitor your speed on the roadways.
Avert for 'reliable workers' banned as discrimination by Jobcentre Plus
Los Angeles bank robbers throw money out of getaway vehicle, causing mass chaos as hundreds of people scramble for cash
Teacher suspended for posting student's poorly written work on Facebook
Radioactive pedophile on the run.
Dunn, NC city attorney: Saggy pants ban is unconstitutional
Computer learns to recognize badly drawn animals
New monkey from Africa, the lesula, looks exactly like botched artwork of Jesus
4-year-old girl's family sued over pink playhouse
The Malaysian government lists homosexual 'symptoms' to prevent spread among schoolchildren
600lbs. woman loses weigh through marathon sex.
BBC Chats with 'IT Expert' live on air - he is only there for a job interview
Paralympian denied benefits for not being disabled enough
Wisconsin Capitol Police crack down on old-timey music
In Prince George's, cameras to monitor speed cameras. Really.
Meat company sues ABC for reporting on its finely textured flesh-coloured meat product "pink slime"
Accountant murders lotto-winning client for spending money too fast
Don't know if Rush Limbaugh is an onion or not but: Rush Limbaugh: Al-Qaeda 'Gave Up Osama Bin Laden' To Make 'Obama Look Good'
A cat is in the mayoral race in Halifax
Ervin McKinness tweets YOLO before dying in car crash
Samuel L. Jackson to support Obama in a provocative new ad calling on voters to "Wake the F--k Up"
Cameras installed to Watch Cameras
Last year there were 21 anti-heterosexual hate crimes committed in the US. In other words, 21 people were targets of crime because the offender was angry that they were not gay.
Man awarded $26,500 for getting shot while trying to run over a cop
Pope is a secret Fanta fan
London cinema employs team of ninjas to physically silence loud moviegoers
On Day 36, "90 Days, 90 Reasons" Runs Out of Reasons to Re-Elect Obama
TSA Flags World's Largest Wang as Security Threat
Man's hand was removed with an axe by Bosses when he asked for salary
NYC bans big, sugary drinks at eateries, theaters
Maryland Police Are Deploying Cameras To Watch Other Cameras Because Of Vandalism
Prince George's County is installing cameras to monitor traffic cameras
Drunk near-naked priest chases boy down road
Apple Sues Polish Grocery Store Over A.pl Name
Malaysian Car Wash Rewards Regulars With Sex
From Newsday: "Romney: I wear as little to bed as possible."
In Prince George's, cameras to monitor speed cameras
Romney reveals he's a Snookie fan - Fox News
Man removes 40 tons of trash from city-owned lot; cited for trespassing
Family regrets letting toddler drive car - CNN.com
Somewhere, in some gilded bunker of the 1 percent, a very old, very rich man is laying plans to print himself a new cock.
Bakersfield dad accused of biting out son's eye.
Pope Blesses Gay Porn Actors
Chris Brown Album Slapped With Renegade Warning Sticker: "This Man Beats Women"
The KKK sues Georgia after bid to "adopt" road is denied
Romney: "I'm kind of a Snooki fan"
'Guns Get None': Toronto woman encourages gang members' girlfriends to withhold sex
Ohio man saves same strangers twice, eight years apart
Couple arrested for asking directions
Mass. Voters Sent to Bogus Website Warning of Pot-Induced 'Twinkie Addiction'. x-post from /r/rfunny and/r/trees
Skyscraper resembles big pants, say angry Chinese
Rick Santorum Says "Smart People Will Never Be On Our Side"
Ervin McKinness, Aspiring Rapper, Tweets 'YOLO' About Driving Drunk And Dies Minutes Later
BCPD: Husband shot wife to help her avoid military duty
Nazis and the Hollow Earth
Justice Department shocked to find out JPMorgan Chase and Bank Of America are laundering money for terrorists and drug cartels
Principal Shuts Down Cosmetology Class Because One of the Students 'Looked' Gay
"We will never have the elite, smart people on our side." -Rick Santorum
Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel: 'No,' I am not a Nickelback fan
GOP Activists to Romney: Why Aren't You Winning?
Canadian thieves steal 10 million pounds of maple syrup
Swedes recycle TOO well -- they have to import 800,000 tons of trash
Naked, tripping monk found wandering in Bavarian forest
Houston man pays $137 ticket fine to Police with $1 bills folded into origami pigs
Malaysia Holds Seminars on How to Spot Gay Children
NFL pulls official from Saints game after he's revealed to be huge Saints fan
NFL Removes Replacement Referee Assigned To New Orleans Saints Game Because He Is A Saints Fan
Deutsche Telekom users just wanted to preorder a new iPhone 5. Instead they got phone sex.
Elementary school sends kindergardener home with a stranger
Xpost from r/news: Top stupid news of the day: porn stars claim condoms are linked to cancer and that they may to more harm than good.
Creationists Boycott Dr. Pepper over "Evolution of Flavor" Facebook Ad
EU Foreign Minister enters password for her tablet on TV
Beauty pageant organizers mandate that contestants' nipples must be at least 7.8 inches apart.
To improve shelf life, Scotts Miracle-Gro put a pesticide toxic to birds in its bird seed.
A recent study theorizes that ingesting semen may alleviate the symptoms of morning sickness in pregnant women.
Drunk driver crashes into ditch in sheriff's office parking lot.
Texas GOP informs many "deceased" elderly voters that their voting privilege has been revoked due to death. Elderly voters then inform media that they are not dead.
Tie-wearing duck banned from collecting for charity by council
Woman Finds Ex-Boyfriend Living In Her Attic, 12 Years After They Broke Up
Starting Today, Canned Air Is On Sale in China (seen in r/WTF)
Bar installs world's first pregnancy test vending machine
Romney Abruptly Shifts Focus To "Patriotism And God" As Campaign Realizes That Whole "The Economy Is All Obama's Fault" Message Isn't Working
District Attorneys rent out their letterhead to debt collectors, split the shakedown loot.
Zombies under attack in counterterrorism training program
"No entry for hipsters" - Berliners unhappy with tourist boom
New cameras to watch cameras that watch you
Malaysia Declares V-Necks Gay
Peanut Butter And Jelly Racist? Portland School Principal Ties Sandwich To White Privilege
Porn producer to recall DVDs punning on Ben & Jerry's flavors
Maker of Puzzle Finds Few Wanting to Try It - WSJ.com
Al-Qaida calls on Ahmadinejad to end 9/11 conspiracy theories
Man denies using African 'witchcraft' to traffic children for prostitution
Man lost at sea says sharked saved him.
Dog shoots huntsman in France
Young Persons Called to Private Grand Jury for Owning Books
Ohio death row inmate says he is to obese to be executed
Mother sets fire to her daughter's gloating rapist
Man arrested for DUI ... while riding horse
Married Nurse Sends Mash Note to 13-Year-Old in Breakfast Burrito
Local Plastic Surgeon Reshaping Hipster Eyes to Mimic Thom Yorke
Protester Burns American Flag and Dies From Smoke
Sears Wishbook's Playboy pages angers mom
Romney Camp Won't Offer Specifics On New Pledge To Provide Specifics
Fox News Viewers Less Informed Than Those Who Watch No News At All
Seagull borrows mans camera to capture panoramic SF scene
NFL replacement referee to Philadelphia Eagles player: "McCoy, come on, I need you for my fantasy team."
Romney campaign says it will get more specific about he will do if elected. No details were given.
Fox News host wants federal investigation into "South Park" for blasphemy
San Francisco wants to ban wearing cock-rings in public.
Airlines 'playing chicken' with passengers, charging 'you-get-to-sit-with-your-kid' fee
Man Knocked Out By Flying Mattress
University Requires Students To Pay $180 For "Art History" Textbook That Has No Art Whatsoever Due To Copyright Problems
Man shoots wife's cell phone with .22-caliber rifle for hiding his .380-caliber pistol
German government urges public to stop using Internet Explorer | Reuters
Mother-to-daughter womb transplant 'success' in Sweden (X-post from r/science)
Mankind can rest easy. Stephen Colbert's DNA will be sent into space "to back up the human race".
100-year-old woman says drink and cigarettes keep her young
Orangutan has world-first chemo treatment
Moms donate wombs to daughters so they can become moms (follow?)
Mom gets arrested for letting her kids ride scooters in her cul-de-sac
Shakespeare removed from school curriculum in favor of Hunger Game and Twilight
Philadelphia city officials order man to stop cleaning up trash-filled vacant lot
Pirate party politician doesn't want you pirating her book
Security Firm "HALO Corp." to Hold Zombie Crisis Scenario
House Republicans Have Military Mom Arrested for Supporting the Troops
Catholic bishop can't be removed from church despite molesting boy: "Church law at the time said a 14-year-old was at an age of consent"
France bans protests against anti-Muslim video
Obese death row inmate claims to be too fat (480lbs) to execute.
Parents who beat and starved their daughter into a coma now fight to keep her alive
Nestle plans to stalk UK consumers. The company kicked off a unique promotion called "We will find you" that involves GPS trackers embedded in chocolate bars. When a winning consumer opens the wrapper, it activates and notifies the prize team who promises to track them down within 24 hours.
State Department: No secret plan to invade Canada
Lawmakers, Victims Want 'Subway Grinders' Labeled As Sex Offenders
Obama administration denies plan to invade Canada
High-profile Wikipedia editors found to be editing for pay
Chef Allegedly Admits to Slow Cooking Wife's Body
Founder of national charity for at-risk youth charged with repeatedly sexually assaulting a child over a three year period.
U.S. Explodes Atomic Bombs Near Beers To See If They Are Safe To Drink
The old lady that ruined the infamous Spanish fresco of Jesus Christ claims copyright over it and demands money
Iran Cleric Pummeled by 'Badly Covered' Woman After Warning
Internet-famous octogenerian Ecce Homo "restorer" seeks royalties | Ars Technica
Man shot and killed while urinating off porch.
"Virgin births may be common in the wild" [FOX] The part of me that makes me a scientist just died a little bit.
"How women made porn fashionable", or 'little girls literally want to be porn stars because of 50 Shades of Grey and Kim Kardashian.
Ranting Elmo Returns and Is Arrested in Times Square
Good ole American compassion [fb]...
Iranian Woman Beats the Crap Out of Cleric for Telling Her to Cover Up
Two strongly religious parents beat and starved their child to the point where she's about to be taken-off life-support, as there is no hope for recovery. The parents are objecting on religious grounds! {xp r/atheism}
Antivirus Detects Itself as Malware, Deletes Key Binaries
The old lady who ruined the 19th century "Ecce Homo" fresco in Spain lawyers up and claims copyright on her work. [seen in /r/europe]
Executed inmate's last words: 'Go, Raiders'
Convicted Ohio killer: I'm too obese to be executed
Woman Demands Royalties on Destroyed Jesus Fresco
Drunken ferry 'pirate' jailed after wine and hallucinogenic plant binge
Japanese man who cooked and served genitals to paying guests is charged with indecent exposure.
Woman Who Turned Jesus Fresco into Lion Fresco Now Wants To Be Paid
Man wins $7.2 million- has Popcorn Lung
Suspected high school automobile arsonist: a squirrel
Colorado man awarded $7.2 mill in 'popcorn lung' lawsuit.
BBC News - Ferry thief who called to police that she was 'Jack Sparrow' jailed
Protesters in Ireland shooting fresh made milk against the police. (x-post from /r/photoshopbattles)
Woman finds out her husband was her father.
UK soldier unexpectedly gives birth in Afghanistan
Republican Lynches Empty Chair in Racist Presidential Effigy in Austin
The Associated Press: UK soldier unexpectedly gives birth in Afghanistan
Woman high on drink and drugs shouted 'I'm Jack Sparrow' as she stole passenger ferry
An obese death row inmate says he is too fat for lethal injection
Myanmar Leaders Tried To Learn Democracy By Watching Old Episodes Of 'West Wing'
Fox News host wants 'South Park' investigated for blasphemy
'What About That Whole Birth Certificate Thing?' Romney Suggests To Staff
Man wins $7.2m for lung condition, "Popcorn Lung," caused by smelling too much microwave popcorn butter.
Borderlands 2 Fails To Cross Over
Women who ruined a priceless fresco now wants to be paid!
New Jersey Bans Smiling in Driver's License Photos
Mitt Romney 'Dyed His Face Brown' to Appeal to Latino Voters
Elderly woman who botched Ecce Homo demands royalties
'I'm a pirate' shouted drunken woman before hijacking passenger ferry
Amish group convicted of hate crimes for hair-related assaults
Californian Chef Murders Wife - Slow-cooks her for four days, hides skull in his mothers attic space.
Rick Perry Blames Satan For Separation Of Church And State
Woman Who Defaced Spanish Christ Painting Now Wants Compensation For Value Added
Ohio Woman Finds Out Husband Was Her Father and more shocking relationships
Saskatchewan MLAs Attempt to Rename Province to Something Shorter
Limbaugh: Penises now '10 percent smaller' and shrinking because of 'feminazis'
Ecce Homo 'restorer' wants a slice of the royalties
Sean Smith was "sending a message to the CIA that they needed help" when chatting on Jabber the night he died.
Govs. Scott Walker, Rick Perry And Rick Scott Join Fox & Friends Offering Mitt Romney Campaign Advice
KFC customer goes on rampage after being refused a bargain bucket
Robot tuna joins Homeland Security arsenal
U.S. Postal Service asks Floridians to stop crashing into post offices
Rogue Amish Group Convicted of Beard-Cutting Hate Crime
Poll: Romney still doing well with voters who have never heard him speak
Verizon CFO - "Unlimited is just a word, it doesn't really mean anything."
Football Match in Iran Becomes Explosive
Gangnam Style dance-off quickly escalates into gang shootout in Bangkok
Romney Still Doing Well With Voters Who Have Never Heard Him Speak
Murderer rants at judge "you truly and utterly disgusted me"
Parents lock teen in room for 4 years. Kick him out on 18th birthday with bus ticket to Los Angeles and list of homeless shelters.
Three "lynched" empty chairs with signs that read "Nobama" were found hanging at a home near a public park in Centreville, Virginia
Suspected Hostage Taker Updates Facebook As Event Unfolds
Mars: "It's a fixer-upper"
Company steals $18M worth of kids' lunch money (and they still have the contract)
Hotel Replaces Bible With '50 Shades Of Grey'
Seeking Revenue, Postal Service Plans to Deliver More Junk Mail
Bible-Based Curriculum Says the Trail of Tears Was a Path to Christ
Thousands of people visit a party in a small Dutch town after a girl forgets to set her Facebook invitation to private.
BUCCANEER DAYS: A CHRONICLE OF SHAME!
Woman finds out her husband is also her father.
Study offers new evidence that scientists are biased against women [xpost from /r/science]
Man travels 8,000km to track down a girl he met for just two minutes.
VP Biden on cheerleaders: "The stuff they do on hard wood, it blows my mind.
Convenience store robber thwarted by cans of Natty Ice.
Man catches the Black Plague - 'Gaylord was taken to the the hospital, where his family was told he was "in grave condition"'
Man fined $140 for paying $25 bill in pennies
Fanboy's life ruined because sales rep opened his iPhone box
Facebook event for a 16 year old girl's birthday in a small Dutch village goes viral. Attended by thousands, turns into a riot, and has to be separated by police using teargas.
Zimbabwe city residents synchronize toilet flushing
If your nipples aren't at least 20cm apart, and if your eyes are too close together - don't bother entering Chinese Beauty Contest.
Afghanistan seeks to boost tourism
Gordon Ramsay's Porn Dwarf Double Eaten by Badger
Hungarian prime minister unfriends IMF on Facebook
Mauled NY man: I wanted 'to be one with the tiger'
Man Mauled At Zoo 'Wanted To Be One' With Tiger : NPR
Porn Star Appeals For Friendship Between Chinese and Japanese... Through Calligraphy
Mum used bleach to cleanse demons
Florida man calls 911 because his daughter won't get him a beer
McDonald's Calls Police On Man Dressed Up As The Burger King
Biden on cheerleaders: 'The stuff they do on hard wood, it blows my mind'
Synchronized toilet flush planned in Zimbabwe to clear a backed-up sewage system
Houston police officer shoots and kills one-armed, one-legged man in a wheelchair who was brandishing a pen
A dutch girl doesn't set her party's facebook pgae to private, gets her town invaded by 3,000 partygoers
Psychic John Edward Fails to Predict $150,000 Lawsuit Against Him (x-post r/skeptic)
Mom Angry that Male Vice Principal Spanked Her High School Daughter
Naked guy says his clothes kept falling off
Man Mauled At Zoo 'Wanted To Be One' With Tiger
Iranian Women Banned From 77 College Majors Because They Were Getting Too Darn Educated
Chinese hospitals introduce hands-free automatic 'sperm extractor' for donors
Italian man dresses up as a pilot and gets flown from Munich to Tirol, for free, in the cockpit of a commercial plane
'Butthurt' iphone man narrates his account of not getting to open his iphone 5 box himself
Burmese Lawmakers Tried Teaching Themselves Democracy Using Old Episodes of The West Wing
Five injured in Washington metro escalator incident.
Chemist Jailed In Russia For Giving Expert Opinion In Court
Is Nicolas Cage a Vampire from the Civil War Era? (xpost from /r/onetruegod)
Glenn Beck: Goonswarm a CIA Front - EVE Online News - MMORPG.com
Obese woman cleared of murder charge because her arm was too fat
Jerry Sandusky released an autobiography in 2001 titled "Touched"
Owner of an Alaskan helicopter guide company dies in a fall. From a convention center escalator while trying to ride down on the handrail
USPS to Floridians: Stop crashing into our buildings
Gay Tea Party member comes out against same-sex marriage
Jewler gives away free hunting rifle with purchase of a diamond
Houston police officer kills threatening one-armed, one-legged, wheelchair bound, mentally ill, ink pen-wielding man to keep himself and his partner safe. Police explain that the man, "did not follow instructions to calm down."
Medical marijuana opponents in MA accidentally provide voter's guide with the URL to a (pro-legalization) parody website.
Thousands descend on tiny Dutch town after Facebook invitation goes viral - World News
New Photoshoot Mocks Homeless Bag Ladies
Sweet times for cows as gummy worms replace costly corn feed
Hands-free machine offers help for the lazy sperm donor
GOP Sen. says he will cut scientific funding because scientists read too much.
Police officer shoots, kills double amputee in wheelchair in Houston because he felt threatened by him brandishing a pen
Man jumped into tiger pit at Bronx Zoo, wanted to be "One with the tiger"
Alaska town has cat for mayor
Bengals Wide Receiver Throws 73-Yard Touchdown To Bengals Wide Receiver On First Possession
EU bans claim that water can prevent dehydration.
Iran uncovered spying device disguised as rock at Fordow nuclear plant
Woman brings her cat into the vet's for a flea bath. It gets euthanized instead
Doctors say that trampolines are no place for children
Married 30-year old maths teacher runs off too France with 15-year old student
Robber sets down gun in front of victim whose house he's robbing so he can check his pockets
Canadian Internal Cheese Smuggling Investigation Begins
Tanning Mom: Mitt Romney's tan is "so fake. That's way too orange."
Woman accused of making nephew ride in trunk to protect her Lexus' seats
Mitt Romney wants airplane windows to roll down in case of fire so people can breathe more easily.
Woman who attempted to (and hilariously failed to) restore a fresco of Jesus is now suing the church for portion of tourism proceeds.
Ohio teen dies from fall while 'car surfing'
Elementary School Principal caught with meth and GHB.
The U.S. Postal Service is asking Floridians to please stop crashing their cars into post offices, after 14 incidents so far this year.
The US Government General Accountability Office issues a report about reports about reports that recommends the preparation of a report about the report about reports about reports.
Bacon, pork shortage 'now unavoidable,' industry group says
Father sells off rape victim following village meeting
Official State Department Spokesman Gets in Email Flame War with Buzzfeed Reporter.
Hapless Robbers Blow Up Entire Bank
Romney said. "When you have a fire in an aircraft, there's no place to go, exactly, there's no - and you can't find any oxygen from outside the aircraft to get in the aircraft, because the windows don't open. I don't know why they don't do that. It's a real problem. So it's very dangerous.
Teacher Fired for Refusing to Make Students Buy Pricey Textbooks
Woman dies from buttocks implant
Japanese Collectors Face a Record Shortage of Obscure Music
Student hospitalized after butt-chugging alcohol
Romney Wonders Why Airplane Windows Don't Open
Due to drought, cattle farmers forced to feed livestock ice cream sprinkles, gummi worms and marshmallows
Texas School Wants to Make it Easier to Spank
Two weeks of Romney...can we ease up on the political posts a bit?
Drunk woman steals 45ft ferry while shouting 'I'm Jack Sparrow'
Refs fired from the Lingerie Football League because of incompetence, are now working as NFL Replacement Refs
New Zealand man gets eel stuck up his butt
Global Bacon Shortage 'Unavoidable' Next Year, Says U.K.'s National Pig Association
Chinese government official fired for smiling, and for having too many wristwatches
Why Airplane Windows Don't Roll Down
Libertarian Party Candidate wants the Government to force Private Organization to violate their own rules and include him in Debates
Stop sign thief killed in accident after running stop sign
Israeli Rabbi orders followers to burn their iPhones
Police launched investigation into the 'suspicious' moon - Telegraph
How Ayn Rand is wrecking football
$500,000 NY Port Authority patrol boat sank after under water hatch was opened to look for engine blockage
Onions on McDonald's burger send Gresham, OR man into a "McFury," Gresham police say
Banking Lobbyist Tim Pawlenty Says Banks Should Just "Voluntarily" Regulate Themselves
University of Tennessee Frat Bro Hospitalized for Chugging Wine Through His Butt.
RIM execs star in homemade music video that begs app developers to keep the faith [video]
Police suspected of involvement in smuggling of cheap pizza toppings
Niagara Regional Police in alleged cheese smuggling controversy
Romney says he's 'kind of' partisan
Mitt Romney Praises Adolf Hitler's Energy Ideas
Woman accused of sending threatening stick figure drawing to relative.
Teen steels car, but doesn't get very far as they can't drive stick
Actual footage from Lil Wayne's deposition
Police Officers Arrested over Cheesy Smuggling Racket
Soldier shoots his friend while trying to cure his hiccups
Rush Limbaugh Blames Feminists For His Tiny Penis
Soldier charged with manslaughter after trying to cure another of hiccups
Have you heard about the new pork cloud attack by the Al Qaeda team? It's terrorism's new Mexico dirty bomb. HAHA, ON THE WATCHLIST NOW, BITCHES!
Salma Hayek Didn't Think It Was Possible to Be Happily Wed, Until She Married a Billionaire.
Soldier fixes friend's hiccups by shooting him in the face
'Gangnam Style' Dance-Off Ends in Shoot-Out
Scientists: 'Castration is the key to a longer life'
BBC News - India tiger killed by poachers inside Itanagar zoo
Rapist seeking visitation with child he fathered after attack on teen victim
New Jersey considers mandatory seat belts for dogs.
Canadian police implicated in massive illegal cheese smuggling operation.
H.K. tycoon offers fortune to marry off gay daughter: "A Hong Kong tycoon has offered a $65 million "marriage bounty" to any man who can win the heart of his lesbian daughter"
Fast-Food Logos Burned Into Pleasure Centre of Children's Brains
Man Kills friend trying to scare away his hiccups
Texas school OKs opposite sex spankings after principal breaks rule
Charity watchdog loses its own charitable status
America's children too fat to defend country
A cure for hiccups ends in deadly shooting
All other problems solved, US Representative Stephen Fincher (R-TN) has introduced legislation to "reaffirm the importance of religion" -- but only if that religion is Christian
Men rob convenience store, one of them leaves his ID behind
Vandals break into congressman's office, install Linux on PCs
Jill Biden's Unintentional Double Entendres Delight Dartmouth Audience
Fight over balloon leads to attempted murder.
Buddhist 'Iron Man' found by Nazis is from space
Texas mom complains after male teacher paddles daughter; school board responds with policy allowing teachers of either gender to paddle students.
Vandals break into congressman's office, install Linux on all the PCs
Tennessee fraternity suspended after alcohol enemas incident
A British policeman put his colleagues on alert as he investigated a "suspicious bright light" - only to find it was the moon.
Customer has a heart attack at the Heart Attack Grill in Vegas
Fisherman finds a pinkie finger in trout's belly
Statue of Zidane headbutting Materazzi just installed outside the George Pompidou Centre in France x/post from soccer
Tennessee frat suspended following 'butt chugging' - utilizing rubber tubing inserted into their rectums as a conduit for alcohol
Woman sues airline after being burned by tea. She ordered tea and was given "a cup of extremely hot water."
How long will it be before iOS 6 Maps kills someone?
VAUGHN, N.M. - The police chief of the small eastern New Mexico town of Vaughn resigned Wednesday, leaving the town with just one certified member on its police force - a drug-sniffing dog named Nikka
Illegal immigrant tries to get into Spain disguised as car seat
Rally driver admits he has no idea what co-driver is talking about
Hong Kong Billionaire Promises $65 Million To Any Guy Who Lures His Daughter Away From Lesbianism
Chinese billionaire offers $65mil to any man able to woo and marry his lesbian daughter.
BBC Causes Uproar by Reporting Queen's Opinion
Illinois State's Attorney bites man in leg.
Man Arrested For Having Sex With Sofa In Street
Victim beaten with artificial leg
Romney's awkwardness makes conservative commentator bury his face in his hands and cry out to God
Iran warns its citizens not to travel to Canada
Fractals Will Prevent Internet Cat Photo Shortage
Request: no StumbleUpon links.
Wait. What was it you said you did for a living again?
Woman Intending To Shoot Raccoon Trips, Shoots Self
Horses in Custody, No Bail Set
A town's police force....is a dog?
After police chief resigns, town's only law officer is a dog
Ke$ha reveals she had sex with a ghost
'Bagel Head' Saline Forehead Injections: Japan's Hot New Beauty Trend
Canadian cheese smuggling ring busted - found with over C$200,000 worth of illicit cheese.
Chef Found Guilty of Murder in Boiled Body Case
Man arrested for cleaning his girlfriend's potty mouth out with soap after she won't stop swearing
Israel's Netanyahu urges 'red line' over nuclear Iran
Einstein's brain available as an Ipad app
10-year-old gives birth to baby boy.
Police investigates suspicious Moon
Woman killed by falling llama
Radical cleric faces blasphemy charges for destroying a Bible while protesting anti-Islamic blasphemy.
META POST: Should I ban political posts (i.e. ANY submission involving any politician in any way) until the election? Or perhaps a one-week trial?
Police show up at woman's house. She demands to take a bath before they arrest her
Dozens injured, thousands confused by riots over "Gospel of Jesus' Wife"
June 2009: Broker Sent Oil Prices to Eight Month High in a Drunken Stupor--"Between the hours of 1.22am and 3.41am, Mr Perkins gradually bought 69 percent of the global market."
Convict escapes prison sentence and flees abroad by paying friend to go to jail in his place
Ad claims Obama will 'force doctors to assist homosexuals in buying surrogate babies'
50 Cent's four-step plan to stop masturbating
Nazi Buddha is from Space
Supermarket introduces pre wrapped bananas
Looking At Cute Animal Pictures At Work Good For Productivity
Vandals glue doors shut in the middle of the night
Since the start of the BCS era the SEC has overall losing records against the Pac-12 (11-12) and Big East (19-23)
Mom forces TSA to shell out $3.99 for seized peanut butter
Niagara police officer charged in cheese smuggling case
Mankini ban helps Newquay shed reputation as haven for stag parties
Last 2 Speakers Of Dying Language Won't Speak To Each Other
Excited pet llama slips and kills woman as it races to greet her
Israeli PM Netanyahu uses a sharpie during UN speech to draw a red line over a cartoon bomb representing Iran's nuclear program
Man kills masked teen, learns it's his son
First State becomes first to make spanking children illegal
Classy Tennessee Frat Bros Drink Wine Now (With Their Butts.)
Glenn Beck Thinks EVE Online is a Front for the CIA
This winter, an Arizona ski resort will be the first to make artificial snow out of sewage water.
The BlackBerry typo that landed a man in jail, labelled as a child sex offender
Woman given a ticket for leaving the windows open on her parked car
Drunken broker pushes oil price to 8 month high in blackout trading binge
Iran news agency picks up "Onion" story, tells Iranians rural Americans prefer Ahmadinejad to Obama
White House Wins Open-Government Award; Keeps It Secret
Zombies used for training at counterterrorism summit.
Zinedine Zidane headbutt statue unveiled in French capital [From WorldNews]
Unlicensed driver loses appeal that argued he's not legally a person
14 year old removes the brakes from his bike, quickly realizes why they were put on
Michelle Bachmann wants falafel banned from school lunches.
Japanese hipsters get 'bagel head' saline injections
Georgia's Next Leader May Be A Billionaire Zookeeper With Albino Rapper Children
BBC News - Dennis the 'cat burglar' from Luton
Man Alerts Police to Drugs in Car By Insisting No Drugs in Car
Iran news agency picks up "Onion" story, tells Iranians rural Americans prefer Ahmadinejad to Obama (x-post from r/worldnews)
Hilary Clinton's UN Doodles Clearly a Window Into Her Innermost Thoughts
Iranian News Agency FARS believes Onion story that rural white Americans favor Ahmadinejad over Obama, copies its content
Canadian Cheese-Smuggling Ring Brought Down
California pee-wee football coaches accused of running a pay-for-injury bounty program
This news story on Iranian media brings 'nottheonion' to a whole new level
1,000 Nigerian Women Are Stuck in Saudi Arabia Airports Because They're Not Accompanied by the Right Kind of Men
Romney's Plan to Win Virginia: Lyme Disease
Virginia Man Kills Family, Self Over Prospect of Obama Reelection
Kesha song 'Supernatural' inspired by sex with ghost
Mitt Romney Appreciates Cloud -- Daily Intel
Iranian news agency duped by Onion story on Obama
Police Drug Lab Scientist Arrested For Purposely Producing False Positives On Drug Tests.
Jay-Z Supports Barack Obama But Thinks "We Need Less Government"
Drunk man goes to sleep in Norway, wakes up in Sweden
Men stage a car crash and shootout on a city street but forgot to tell the cops first
Half-ton woman cleared of murder charge after being deemed too fat to be capable of it
"Neil Armstrong never converted to Islam!" - The Arab Digest
City traffic engineer says law requiring speed limit signs to be visible is optional
Woman assaults restaurant manager over cold mashed potatoes
Fox News - "Mainstream media is threatening our country's future"
Man Loses Finger After Birthday Celebration Turns Violent
Plastic surgeons now have a simple-to-find "Golden Ratio" for male nipple repositioning. X-Post /r/science.
Turkish divers mount daring rescue of inflatable woman.
Iran's news agency portrays satirical Onion story as its own
Bachmann: 'We Must Ban Falafel' in School Lunches
Onion's Obama-Ahmadinejad 'poll' cited as fact in Iran
Nazi-acquired Buddha statue came from space
Kickstarter Project For Book On How To Fund Kickstarter Projects Failed To Fund Itself On Kickstarter
Blow-Up Sex Doll 'Rescued' By Turkish Divers In Black Sea
Glenn Beck Accuses EVE Online of Being a CIA Tool
Maid in Dubai tries to kill herself after employers dont pay her. She is arrested and fined for attempting suicide (x-post from worldnews)
Mitt Romney Pledges To Control Lyme Disease Epidemic Wreaking Havoc On Virginia
Kickstarter project for a book on how to successfully fund Kickstarter projects failed to fund itself on Kickstarter:
Pee-Wee football coach suspended for "paying 11-year-old players to purposefully injure opponents"
'Retweeting' a crime under new law in the Philippines
New political ad implies that Obama makes babies cry
Maid in Dubai who tried to kill herself after her employers didn't pay her for 3 months gets arrested for attempting suicide and fined $270. [xpost from /r/worldnews]
Man calls police over to his home to investigate robbery, gets arrested himself when they find his pot plants
Keys to New York City available on ebay for $150.00
Teen Calls Wrong Number, Offers To Sell Cop Drugs...
New Mushroom called the Spongebob Squarepants Mushroom (Spongiforma squarepantsii)
Michelle Bachmann calls for a nationwide ban of falafel in schools, calling them "terror cakes"
Paul Ryan: 'It Would Take Me Too Long' To Explain Mitt Romney's Tax Plan (VIDEO)
'Crime reducing' cardboard policeman is stolen
Justin Bieber Hit by 'Bieber Fever' at a Concert
Woman falls off 60 foot cliff while texting
Bangladesh Muslim protesters torch Buddhist temples over Facebook photo
Virginia man kills family and himself over fear of Obama being re-elected
Binge drinking broker pushes oil to 8 month high during black out.
Tin Foil Hats Actually Make it Easier for the Government to Track Your Thoughts
TSA hired priest accused of molesting girls to do pat downs
Ikea edits women out of Saudi version of catalogue
Man stabs himself during fight
Hasidic Jewish Group Has Friendly Meet 'n' Greet With Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
Man drives off bridge just after texting "I need to quit texting"
Kentucky Fried Chi-----deer? Chinese restaurant in Kentucky brings roadkilled deer into kitchen - reported and shut down. No word on whether they'd served roadkill previously. Ick.
BBC News: Man freed after getting his head stuck in a bin
Seth MacFarlane to host the Oscars
Glenn Beck believes Romney's utter failure in polls a precursor to an impending miracle from above.
Chavez to Obama: I'd vote for you, and you for me
Congressional Staffer Arrested for Choking Lindsay Lohan
Christian TV networks prepare for live coverage of Jesus Christ's return
Actual Headline: How to Find Porn on the Internet
COME TO AMERICA AND TAXPAYERS WILL FEED YOU
Diaper shortage possible after Japanese explosion
Dad that submitted this as a joke is getting lambasted...come on Today Show, get your facts straight!!
Kentucky Chinese Restaurant Shuttered After Customers Spot Roadkill Being Brought Into Kitchen
Naked Man Crashes 7-Year Old's Birthday Party
NYC gym teacher claims 6-year-old student beat him up
Man goes in for job interview, steals donation box on his way out
A semi smashes into I-35 median, halts south traffic. Crane brought in, tips over onto firetruck. On the Sunday after Thanksgiving.
r/nottheonion, we get it. glenn beck is a lunatic. i don't care what stupid shit comes out of his face. stop posting and upvoting him.
Oregon Farmer Eaten by his pigs
Mystery illness solved when family discovers new home was a meth lab
Wash. attorney: 'I have physically traveled in time' (xpost from r/portland)
Oregon Man Gets Devoured by Hogs
Ahmadinejad's cameraman defects to U.S. (x-post from r/photography)
Pope Decides Gay People Aren't Fully Developed Humans
The Chain-Smoking Orangutan Gives Birth
Swiss Cows Send Texts to Announce They're in Heat
Residents up in arms after council hires contractors to mow fake grass
Nearly-naked Ontario man arrested after biting dog
Man with head stuck in garbage bin was searching for his hat.
Walmart employees strike for safe warehouse conditions. Walmart calls in the riot squad to take them away.
Scientists grow bacon from stem cells
Food Truck Shut Down For Not Having a Permit that Doesn't Exist Yet
I have no proof that President Obama is forcing our children to eat Arab and Middle Eastern food. But it would certainly fit the pattern.
Greece to spend almost €100m on building F1 track - Telegraph (x-post from r/worldnews)
Manage your socks with embedded RFID chips and a smartphone
Police rape woman, then charge her with indecency
Barack Obama Loses Powerful Scott Stapp Endorsement
70 Year Old Farmer Eaten By His Hogs
Michigan professor strips naked in class, rants.
Man charged in 2010 after having sex with horses arrested again on similar charges
Japan's Love Joule opens masturbation bar for ladies in Shibuya
2012 Winter Storm Names
Michele Bachmann Makes Surprise Visit To Synagogue, Congregants Storm Out And Donate To Her Opponent
U.S. farmer allegedly eaten by his own pigs
Judge to Sioux: You Can't Sue Beer Makers for Alcoholism
John Elway to hurt Romney in Ohio?
NY Jets ask fans what they need to do to improve
Beck: God put Romney behind in the polls to prove it's a miracle when he wins
Bow tied lawyer calls press conference to deny that his client has ever participated in "butt chugging"
Forest Service wins paintball war with aggressive mountain goats.
News Anchor's Emotional Response To Viewer Who Called Her Obese... Thoughts?
Toronto Doc Accused of Putting Penis in Mouths of Patients - wat
Guy who prosecuted Paris Hilton and Bruno Mars for cocaine gets arrested at border for failing to surrender on cocaine charges
Nebraska man accused of attacking wife with sandwich
Extreme Hoarder, Upset About Intervention, Burns Down Home, Killing Himself.
Joe Biden seen by many as a sex symbol.
Kentucky restaurant shut down after road kill found in kitchen
Scottish Village to be twinned with Martian namesake, situated more than 35 million miles away
Pair banned for life from all-you-can-eat Mongolian Barbecue
Woman arrested for molesting manatee. [X-post from /r/Miami]
It is now possible to receive text messages from a cow's vagina
Proposed Ban on Public Nudity Offends Some in San Francisco
Florida police launch search for woman that was seen riding a manatee who was attempting to mate with another one.
Hate Crimes In Canada: Someone Leaves Bacon On Mosque Doorstep
Robbery of Sofa King foiled after duo forget to close getaway van's doors
Tennessee Fraternity Denies Buttchugging Charge in Press Conference That Really Happened [x-post from r/CFB]
$20 Million In Stolen Maple Syrup Finally Recovered
Australian tycoon fined thousands after sailing Northwest Passage in booze-laden party yacht
Stripper calls police to complain that the person who hired her won't open his door
Prosecutor Drops Joint in Court, in Front of Cops
Man Dressed As Batman Wanted to Help Troopers Solve the Crime.
Sex offenders sue over Halloween decoration ban
Nike's New Form Fitting Jerseys Make Big Guys Feel Tubby (xpost r/NFL)
Manhunt For Manatee-Riding Lady Comes To An End In Florida : The Two-Way : NPR
Tourist attraction considers legal action against the Meteorological Office after "a series of overly pessimistic" weather forecasts
Manhunt For Manatee-Riding Lady Comes To An End In Florida
Chicago turns to Twitter for gun control ideas
Farmer eaten by his own hogs....
School Board officials are considering attaching cameras to school cafeteria trash cans to study what students are tossing after officials found that most of the vegetables on the school menu end up in the trash can.
Nebraska Man Accused of Attack with Sandwich
New Orleans prosecutor drops joint on courtroom floor, resigns
Jason Cantrell, New Orleans Attorney, Allegedly Drops Joint In Court, Promptly Resigns
JetBlue will fly upset voters out of the country.
JetBlue to help voters for losing candidate leave the country
Debate Dial - Compare your reaction to other viewers
Oops! Police confiscate 1600 daisies in "biggest outdoor marijuana bust" in city's history
Japanese researchers discover that looking at pictures of baby animals improves productivity
Pedophile thanks police for busting him
Romney's plan to balance the budget: Get rid of Big Bird.
Car crashes into pain management center
Mayor of Chicago decides to replace the entire ethics board
In India, engineering students outsource their academic projects
Romney Attempts To Lay Off Debate Moderator
Manhunt For Manatee-Riding Lady Comes To An End In Florida : NPR
New Orleans attorney cited for marijuana violation, butterfingers
New Orleans prosecutor arrested after joint falls from his pocket in court
Fifteen Hundred Plants Seized During "Biggest Outdoor Marijuana Bust" In Town's History Are Actually Just Daisies
Ill girl gets her wish: to hunt and kill a bear
Maine GOP slams a state senate candidate for a "double life" playing World of Warcraft.
Maine GOP slams a state senate candidate for a "bizarre double life" playing World of Warcraft.
Reading University's Atheist Society 'Thrown Out Of Fair Over Blasphemous Mohammed Pineapple'
Patriots linebacker receives gameball for pooping on the sidelines.
Man wins $25,000 at the casino. Gets a free dinner instead
Masturbating On A Woman in the Subway No Longer A Serious Crime in NY
Two men kicked out of all-you-can-eat buffet for eating too much
The bacteria that turns toxic chemicals into pure gold
Manitobans attempt to ban Chiropractic neck procedures that cause strokes [x-post from r/canada]
Maine Democrat is Supposedly Unfit For Office Because She Loves 'Poisoning and Stabbing' in World of Warcraft
Pigs eat 70-year-old Oregon farmer
Ouch! Stripper ruptured man's bladder at bachelor party
Allowing Women To Drive Would Mean No More Virgins, Saudi Arabia Religious Council Says.
Morocco using warships to block "abortion vessel"
Senate candidate's shocking double life as an orc assassin
Man arrested for having sex with a horse. Again.
Houston City Council doesn't want to allow food trucks downtown because they pose a "terrorist threat"
Connecticut Court Sets Accused Rapist Free, Says Handicapped Victim Did Not Resist
Houston man dies in shootout with the cops, because he caught his wife cheating on him, which led to a fight with his girlfriend.
Houston man dies in a shootout with the cops, because he angry due to a fight with his girlfriend over the fact that he discovered his wife was cheating on him
Houston man dies in a shootout with the cops, because he was angry over a fight with his girlfriend... which was caused because he just discovered his wife was cheating on him
Maple syrup delivery gets police escort
Court Sets Rapist Free After Determining Disabled Victim Could Have Done More To Fight Off His Advances
Alberta pot bust turns out to be late blooming daisies
Strippers banned from taking clothes off
Car dealership: customer's deal was literally a steal
Student Wearing Romney-Ryan Shirt Told To Leave Class (XPOST - NEWS)
Republicans claim that Democrat's Orc-Rogue in World of Warcraft shows a liking for backstabbing and poison which makes her unfit for office.
Drug charges against 42 year old Alberta man are dropped as 1,600 seized pot plants turn out to be daisies.
Iowan convicted in battle ax killing
San Francisco archbishop jokes about his DUI arrest in speech
Botulism Outbreak Tied To Contaminated Prison Hooc
Rick Santorum wants to kill, eat Big Bird
NYPD bills mother of son killed by police car to repair the dent his body made.
Stag chases man up tree in London park [x-post r/unitedkingdom]
Hulk Hogan sex tape released (Kinda)
Disabled Grandma Uses Bear Spray To Fend Off 13 Attackers After Her Marijuana Grow
Liberals Theorize That Romney Won Debate Because of his Handkerchief
World of Warcraft hobby sparks US political row
North Korean refugees leave South Korea for - North Korea?
Bachelor sues club after stripper's rough pole dance bursts his bladder
Canadian supreme court rules you don't have to tell your sexual partner you have HIV as long as you only have a tiny little bit of HIV.
Ohio State players openly questions why he should have to go to class.
Ohio State football player openly questions why he should have to go to class.
Senator Jon Hubbard (R) of Arkansas: Slavery "may have been a blessing" to blacks. Says he will defend Christianity as a state lawmaker.
Burglar shot after burglarizing cars at a gun range
Italian politician filmed slashing tires of disabled person who forced him to move his car from the handicapped spot. Politician's excuse: "a technical error, due to a momentary fit of rage" and that "he had been using the disabled parking spot for three years"
Life on the kill floor of a slaughterhouse is fraught with peril
Gym teacher beat up by 6-year-old boy
ACLU Joins Battle Against Red-Light Cameras in Iowa
Boy Scout Builds "Tolerance Wall", Denied Award Because He Is Gay
Experts have started digging up ancient graves in order to try and find the Mona Lisa model.
Egyptian Clinic Treats People with Camel Urine Per Prophet's Advice
If you're running a meth lab in your truck, it's probably not a good idea to write "Meth Lab" on the side of it
Boy dressed as Batman villain kills himself at school
University ejects atheist society over blasphemous pineapple
Congressman on House Committee For Science, Space and Technology calls evolution and the Big Bang Theory "lies from the pit of hell".
Dog Strangled by Phone Cord Saves His Own Life by Dialing Emergency Number
Lunch lady slammed for food that is 'too good'
Arkansas State Rep: Slavery "May Actually Have Been a Blessing in Disguise' for Blacks"
Boy arrested after spilling milk.
State sells killer's car, complete with murder weapon
Arkansas Republican Rep. Jon Hubbard: Slavery Was a Blessing For Black People (xpost /politics)
Woman who slept with suspended Detroit Police Chief says she kept the condom they used to prove she wasn't lying.
Man encourages people to drink industrial bleach to cure illness
Metal singer drunkenly records music video with his cat
Man receives 15-year prison sentence, promptly slugs lawyer in the face.
Apple's Official iPhone 5 Camera Fix: Take a Different Picture
Lunch lady in trouble for cooking food that is "too good"
Cat that cost £6k to rescue from Arab Spring runs away from new UK owners
Del. Man Claims He Saw Elephant On Road, Faces 7th DUI Charge
Christian group claims HIV/AIDS is being healed through "Biblical fashion" and these miracles are "verified and certified by our very own Atlanta, Georgia based Centers for Disease Control (CDC) and a myriad of medical doctors"
Campus officer kills naked freshman
Wood loses testicle in Grand Final
Cop says he was the victim of massage parlour sex assault. Cross post from /r/Canada.
Curiosity Rover "Checks-In" on Foursquare from Mars
Man kills his friend in an attempt to "scare" his hiccups away
Hungry Swedes Queue up for Obamas sausage
Microsoft claims ownership of the number 45, asks Google to censor Bing
Teenager has stomach removed after drinking cocktail containing liquid nitrogen.
Teenage Murderer Confesses to Killing Mom and Sister: 'I Am Pretty, I Guess, Evil ... Whatever
Local cops paid with federal money to troll IRC, investigate knockoff handbags
MW2 map removed 3 years after game released because text that says "Allah is beautiful" causes offence to Muslims.
Teacher says student spiked her coffee with butt-enhancing pills
Woman arrested for slapping girl, 10, over ice cream
Undercover officer dressed as giant traffic cone helps nab motorists near school zone (x-post r/JusticePorn??)
Elderly Couple Unwittingly Grows Massive Cannabis Plant
Woman faces life sentence for gluing her daughter's hands to a wall
Seattle residents terrified by aggressive Comcast employees.
Animal Rights Group Attacks Pokemon For Promoting Animal Abuse
Arkansas politician advocates death penalty for unruly children.
Charlie Fuqua, Arkansas Legislative Candidate, Endorses Death Penalty For Rebellious Children
Man skips out on hotel bill, gets ratted out by his toothbrush
Man Mistakes Cyclist for Skunk, Shoots Him.
Obama is covering up an assassination!
All 40 Of Sheikh's Wives Get Their Period At The Same Time
Woman lies about being raped on national radio. Is awarded $10,000.
Woman lies on a radio contest about being raped. Is awarded $10,000.
Republican candidate Fuqua endorses death penalty for rebellious children
Halliburton's missing nuclear waste found alongside Texas highway
High school students suspended for possession of energy mints
Thai man marries dead girlfriend.
Man fires shots into crowd to impress pregnant girl
Investigators have not determined an exact cause, but think the fuel in the gas tank contributed to the rapidly spreading flames.
French Bees Create Blue Honey After Raiding M&M's Factory
"An elderly couple have unwittingly grown the "biggest cannabis plant" police officers had seen after buying what they thought was an innocuous shrub from a car boot sale."
State Republican Candidate suggests death penalty for disobedient children
Prosecutor arrested after joint falls out of pocket in court
Roach-eating contest winner dies
The Magical Negro Falls to Earth
Four college kids start the world's most oblivious hedge fund
Man dies after winning roach eating contest
Illustrated Ke$ha memoir coming in November
PETA wages war on Pokemon for virtual animal cruelty
Man dies after roach-eating contest
Guantanamo guards beat a prisoner into brain injuries who later turnes out to be an undercover guard who was taking part in a training exercise
Texas mother awaits sentence for super-gluing daughter to wall
Florida man dies after roach-eating contest
Teen arrested for squeezing police officers testicles outside Havana
Oral Sex, a Knife Fight and Then Sperm Still Impregnated Girl (Even though she had no vagina)
Social media not enough? a vest that deflates/inflates along with your activity and "likes" on facebook
Tim Tebow to honor God during the 666th Monday Night Football game
Curiosity Finds something on Martian Surface
Candidate for Arkansas state congress advocates death penalty for "rebellious children."
He died doing what he loved - binge eating roaches to win a snake
Florida man dies after winning roach-eating contest
Man dies after winning cockroach eating contest
Elderly British couple unknowingly grows huge pot plant in garden Read it on Global News: Global Maritimes | Elderly British couple unknowingly grows huge pot plant in garden
Arkansas Legislator: "If Slavery Were So Godawful, Why Didn't Jesus Or Paul Condemn It?"
"Heaven is Real," Says Magazine That Doesn't Employ Fact-Checkers
Florida Man, 32, Dies Shortly After Winning Pet Store's Roach-Eating Contest
Wanted: Arizona State fans who lifted baby into keg stand
President Obama Has Already Clinched the Election - According to 7-Eleven
Yoko Ono awards Lady Gaga peace prize in Iceland
Engineered Rabbit Penises Raise Human Hopes
Florida man dies after winning cockroach-eating contest
A Fat, Mustachioed Orphan Finds a Home
In second term, Obama will allow UN to tax Americans
Mom: Pink hair for breast cancer gets son in-school suspension
Teenager Kills Cat In Microwave after Heated Argument
Man steals puppy by putting it in his pants
Steve Jobs refused on/off switch for iPhone because he hoped there was an afterlife.
Brazil's 2014 world cup mascot has been stabbed, again.
Apply Maps unwittingly reveals location of classified military bases.
Scott DesJarlais, Pro-Life Republican Congressman And Doctor, Pressured Mistress Patient To Get Abortion
High-flying financiers subscribe to high-ticket astrologers
Cockroach-eating contestant winner dies after being crowned
China unveils aircraft carrier despite lack of airplanes
Capri Sun sends Niles Paul a juice security system
Lawyer for sex offender Jerry Sandusky was drinking at a Penn State bar and looking for coeds or a hooker the night before his client's appeal was heard in court
Drunk pensioner caught after wheelchair chase
Local man accused of having girlfriend prostitute herself to raise bail
Iran must be attacked (resulting in higher oil prices) because a nuclear Iran would result in higher oil prices
Police Bust Truck With 'Meth Lab' Written On It For Being A Meth Lab
The autor of "how-to-get-rich" books bankrupt
Governor of Florida accidentally promotes phone sex line instead of hotline with information about recent meningitis outbreak
Frenchwoman receives phone bill for 11,721,000,000,000,000 euros
Woman Tells Police Being a Republican Should Keep Her Out of Jail
US man held for sex with sofa on the street
Italian Town Fires Entire Government Over Mafia Connections
Bullied Teen Bullied on Camera While Talking About Being Bullied
Cash-strapped farmers feed candy to cows
Parents complain about yoga class, calling it religious indoctrination
British Columbia Government cracking down on hipsters in order to fill skilled labor jobs [X-Post /r/canada]
Parking Lot in China made woman-friendly to help the bad women drivers- wider spaces, pretty pink wall paintings, and specially training dancing parking assistants.
"Eagle Dad" and children rescued from Mt. Fuji after ascending with only water and a chocolate bar thinking "there would be steps up the mountain and shops along the way."
Sugar-Starved Teens Chase Strange New High: Smoking Twix
New Zealand to start using 'Lord of the Rings' currency
Wisconsin State Rep. Endorsed by Paul Ryan: 'Some Girls, They Rape So Easy'
Heaven is real, says neurosurgeon who claims to have visited the afterlife
Bill Clinton: "We need a Congress that loves it when unemployment drops"
Man who blamed octopus for girlfriend's death sentenced to life
Toddler enjoys double whisky at Frankie and Benny's restaurant
Hipsters fight back against B.C. attack ads; "The hipster community declined to comment, stating the ads were too mainstream to acknowledge"
Michigan resident using a torch to singe a squirrel's fur started a fire that burned down 32 apartments
Correction: when we said "more coming soon", we meant more news, not more dead bodies.
Painting of the Beatles' penises vandalized before it can be auctioned off to benefit a children's charity
Georgia Passes "Women as Livestock" Bill
Republican Rep Offers Fatherly Advice: 'Some Girls Rape Easy'
The governor of the Bank of Greece was given a severance payment of 3.4 million euros.
New Little Rascals To Start Toddler and Tiaras Girl
More Chocolate Consumption = More Nobel Prizes: Chocolate Consumption, Cognitive Function, and Nobel Laureates [New England Journal of Medicine]
Teen allegedly bullied before TV interview about bullying
Florida education board OKs race-based academic plan
Dallas mother who glued toddler's hands to wall admits she's 'never been honest with anybody
Maine drivers warned of zombie danger
Man literally fires up a fat one, sets bonfires to heat pot plants
Kansas City Suburb Plans Museum of Suburbia
Commuters asked to Swim to work in London
"Redditors Stand Up to Gawker to Protect Child Pornography" - Yahoo! News (That's the exact title)
Undertaker sues German dominatrix for hurting him
Oregon school spends $500k to deem PB&J sandwiches racist.
'Some girls rape easy': Republican state representative sparks outrage after quoting his father's advice about women
Giant eyeball found on beach, posing mystery for marine biologists
Mila Kunis set to star in '50 shades' screen adaptation
Michael Vick Owns A Dog
Woman calls radio station to complain that the government aren't listening to her about moving deer crossing signs so the deer can cross where there's less traffic.
Seafood Raised on Pig and Goose Faeces Approved for Consumers
Haitians read #FirstWorldProblems tweets out loud.
Mystery eyeball washes up on beach.
Europeean Union Gets the Nobel Peace Prize and preparing for the Nobel Prize in Economics?
Jewel Thief Steals From National Triathlon Champion and Tries to Run Away
Retired couple rage and destroy own house walls searching for source of loud beeping noise
Police union plans party for cop fired after punching woman
Lindsay Lohan, Hulk Hogan, and Jenna Jameson all endorse Mitt Romney
Joe Biden fans raising money to buy VP a Trans Am
China's Women's Federation which "protects women's rights and interests": Pretty girls don't need a lot of education to marry into rich powerful family, but girls with average or ugly appearance will find it difficult... by the time they get M.A. or Ph.D., they are already old, like yellowed pearls.
Woman gets 99 years for gluing child's hands
Indicted: Man accused of returning used enemas that were resold to customers
CVS accepts return of used enemas, re-sells them to customers :(
Straight Christian Lives a Year as Gay Man
Romney Supporter's Shirt: "Put the White back in the White House"
Texas Woman Can't Gain Weight
Pizza deliverer killed in Mexico for being 40 minutes late
Man sentenced to prison for assaulting ex-wife, who he married during a short break in a previous assault trial.
French woman receives phone bill of more than 11 quadrillion euros. Phone company later offered to set up installments to pay off the bill.
'Rich Dad, Poor Dad' author files for bankruptcy - Money - TODAY.com
Department of Homeland Security: Our reports to Congress are successful bullshit
How psychopaths take over: Oxford scientist suggests we should all learn to act a little crazy. Sometimes being crazy is a good thing.
Massive planet made out of diamonds discovered in space
Letting women vote was a bad idea, Mississippi tea party leader says
Michael Bolton to play Michael Bolton in TV series
President of France is abolishing homework.
Milk carton (and Pepsi Cola) promote and finance homosexuality
Million Muppet March planned to defend U.S. backing for PBS (x-post from r/politics)
Using science to fight cheese counterfeiters
Pennsylvania Fracking Law Opens Up Drilling on College Campuses
Chinese scientist says prehistoric man ate pandas
Bumble Bee tuna plant employee dies after accidentally being cooked in oven
Kennebunk, Maine awaits release of 'Zumba brothel' client list
Mississippi tea party says "women are too diabolical to vote"
French President Francois Hollande promises to ban homework.
Hipsters fight back against B.C. attack ads encouraging them to find work [X-post from /Canada]
Dishonored writer thinks his silent protagonist is better than Half-Life's silent protagonist
Bishop Mullet Convicted of Amish-on-Amish Hair Crimes
Police use taser on city councilman who was acting strangely.
Fox News psychiatrist tries to diagnose Joe Biden with dementia.
Life Magazine - How to tell the Japs from the Chinese
"Missouri couple sues doctors for separating baby's head during grisly botched birth, and trying to cover it up Missouri couple sues doctors for separating baby's head during grisly botched birth, and trying to cover it up
Missouri couple sues doctors for separating baby's head during grisly botched birth, and trying to cover it up.
Taliban plans to retaliate against media for portraying their murder of a young girl in a negative light.
BBC News - Milton Keynes cows could be moved after skeleton vandalism
Russian activists slam 'gay milk propaganda'
Jacksonville man indicted on tampering charge after used enemas returned, resold
Female Tea Party leader says that women shouldn't be allowed to vote.
Ronald Reagan Hologram Won't Be A Pro-Romney Stunt, Creator Says
Drunk woman attempts to avoid arrest by claiming she is a Republican
Charges laid over Police HQ armed hold-up - Perth Now
Captain of Shipwrecked Costa Concordia Sues Employer for 'wrongful termination'
Florida man arrested for returning used enemas to drugstore
Congress member on the House's Committee on Science, Space, and Technology calls science "lies straight from the pit of Hell."
Surprising New Study Reveals HPV Vaccine Won't Actually Turn Your Daughter Into a Raging Crack Whore
Indonesia plane lands at Tabing not Padang
Americans Get Fatter, Drunker: Scientific American
National Guard Recruiters hunted homeless with paintball guns
Homosexuality Will Lead to Enslavement of Humanity by Ducks Warns Homeschooled Teen (x-post r/funny)
Football confederation apologizes for mistakenly referring to UAE national side as 'sand monkeys'
Woman Slammed With $15 Quadrillion Phone Bill
Prince George's County Urges Youth to Pull Up Pants, Collects Belts to Help Them Do So: DCist
Ukrainian navy training dolphins for combat
Doctor accidentally decapitates baby during forced vaginal birth; shoves back into vagina; performs emergency C-section before anesthesia sets in
Singer Sarah Brightman Will Ride Russian Rocket to Space
Anti-abortion Arkansas politician seeks the death penalty for unruly children.
Yes, Steve Hackett of Genesis, Tangerine Dream, and a slew of other progressive rock musicians to play on a cruise titled "Cruise to the Edge."
Preschool teacher caught hauling 19 kids in minicar, gets a timeout
[NSFW] Disney redesigning characters with disastrous psychological consequences. [x-post from /r/psychology]
VP Candidate Ryan Trespasses at Soup Kitchen for Photo Op, "Does Nothing."
The head of a northeast Ohio charity says that the Romney campaign last week "ramrodded their way" into the group's Youngstown soup kitchen so that GOP vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan could get his picture taken washing dishes in the dining hall.
Mayoral candidate: being a Democrat is worse than "being a black disabled one-armed drug addicted Jewish queer" who has a "Mexican boyfriend."
Consumption of chow mein is the reason behind rapes
COOP in case concerning mean Jew-joke (Danish with translation in comment)
Justin Bieber assaults 12-year-old during game of Lazer Tag.
Rural leaders blame consumption of chowmein for rapes
Father stabs son over the last beer
Gays Will Lead Humanity to be Enslaved by Ducks, Warns Homeschooled Teen
Paul Ryan Unwelcome at Soup Kitchen
Popcorn Lung Couple Files For Bankruptcy Eight Years After Winning $20 Million Lawsuit
'Honey Boo Boo' Endorses Barack Obama For President
Michigan 'Batman' says he has good intentions
Romney Smokes Obama In Pre-Debate Coin Tosses
Naked Man Living In A Cave Comments On The Election - Business Insider
BBC News - Downing Street denies Cameron and Osborne cat feud
Downing Street has denied rumours of a feud between cats belonging to the chancellor and prime minister after they were pictured fighting
Anonymous buyer pays $9,995 for gallon of 1992 McDonald's barbecue sauce at auction
Blackberry owners admit to feeling ashamed of their phone.
Man in court for hitting Darth Vader's wife
Idiot Students in Blackface Reenact Chris Brown Beating Rihanna at Worst Pep Rally Ever
Rihanna to Earn £5m for Pushing a Button
FOX NEWS PREDICTS OVERWHELMING VICTORY FOR OBAMA OVER ROMNEY IN TONIGHT'S DEBATE.
Woman gets locked out of her car. She calls 911 for help, and claims that there's a baby locked in it to get a quicker response
Honey Boo Boo Endorses Obama
Homosexuality will lead to race of super-ducks, claims homeschooler in local newspaper
Guantanamo prisoner holds unflattering opinion of LeBron James
Taliban Demands Unbiased Coverage of Its Attempted Murder of a 14-Year-Old Girl
Video: Gym Teacher / Former College Football Player Sues School After Getting Mopped By A 50-Pound 1st Grader!
Bill Graham Evangelistic Association now decides that it's okay with Mormonism...and Mitt Romney
World Cup qualifier in Poland was postponed because of a waterlogged pitch. Stadium has a roof. Nobody used it.
Former college football player said was he attacked by a 50-pound 6-year-old and sues.
Schools Crack Down on Cheetos
Campaigns fuss over debate moderator actually asking questions
Restaurant owner shoots at customer over disputed bill
CNN host throws American Family Association member off the air for talking like a crazy person.
Obama lands coveted Honey Boo Boo endorsement
Muslims Protest Free Speech
Man arrested for punching Darth Vader's wife in the face.
Mitt Romney's Bain Helped Get High Schoolers Hooked On Cigarettes
Homeschooler believes homosexuality will lead to a race of super-ducks
Antibacterial hand soap recalled due to being infested with bacteria
Mystery Manatee Rider Turns Herself In
BBC News - Police use Taser on blind man after stick mistaken for sword
Rich Global, Publisher of "Rich Dad, Poor Dad", files for bankruptcy
Siblings Robert and Amanda Larrivee, arrested for allegedly trying to steal a bathroom TV, claimed they were having sex
The Russian Orthodox Church is teaching Russian teenagers Parkour
Why is this not more common?! Buy an engagement ring, get a free gun.
Russia classifies beer as alcoholic
Man has 90 plastic surgeries so he can look like a 'human Ken Doll'
Taliban attempts to justify shooting 14-year-old girl in the head
Pop Star Claims Sex With Ghost : Discovery News
President of France Wants to Ban Homework Because It's "Not Fair" to Disadvantaged
Blind man tasered after policeman mistakes his stick for Samurai sword (X-post news)
Accused terrorist and 9/11 orchestrator: "LeBron James is a very bad man. He should apologize to the city of Cleveland"
Glenn Beck launches own Jean line in boycott of socialist Levi's
Florida Couple Caught Having Sex at Restaurant
Teacher accidentally sends topless pic to students' iPads, kids suspended for seeing it.
Pro-life Tennessee congressman asked to step down after pressuring his mistress to get an abortion.
Florida Couple Refused to Stop Having Sex at a Restaurant Patio Table
New technique produces better view of Uranus
Kim Kardashian Admits Fashion Faux Pas: Outfit Required Being 'Taller And Thinner'
Former Morgan Stanley CEO John Mack: "Yeah, We Get Paid Too Much"
"S.O.S - Safe Online Surfing" FBI's new cyber security game for kids
Blind Man Tasered - UK Police Mistake Stick For Sword: Stroke victim Colin Farmer, 61, was hit with a 50,000 volt Taser gun after police mistook his white stick for a samurai sword
Greek soccer team saved by local brothels.
Man barred from all supermarkets in Scotland at lunchtime for life.
Rapes happening because men and women are interacting more freely, says Mamata Banerjee
Siblings claimed they were having sex, not stealing TV, say cops
Adam Sandler dresses as Elmo and screams obscenities at children.
'Rich Dad, Poor Dad' author files for bankruptcy
From boom to bust: Taliban fighters are being forced to curb attacks using improvised explosive devices after the cost of making them quadrupled in the past year
Christian Group Finds Gay Agenda in an Anti-Bullying Day
Apple loses U.K. Samsung appeal; must run apology ads
Man goes on a 50-day drinking bender, then tries to escape a plane... mid-flight.
80-Year-Old Woman Arrested for Taking Down Posters of Obama with Hitler Mustache
Samsung did not violate Apple patent. Tablet 'not as cool as iPad'.
9 Reasons a Cat Should be President
London police Taser blind man after mistaking cane for samurai sword
Amorous elk banished from ranch after falling in love with a cow
Charles Darwin gaining traction as write in candidate against creationist Congressman.
Trampoline bridge would be the best-ever way to get across a river
Fort Worth widow thanks the men who robbed her (x-post r/offbeat)
MPs in the British Parliament start a motion criticizing the price of razors
Kids suspended for seeing teacher's topless iPad pic
US Senate debate question: "Have you read 50 Shades of Grey?"
Students in blackface re-enact Chris Brown beating Rihanna
US Army murder suspect loses beard appeal
High School students reenact Chris Brown/Rihanna incident... at pep rally... in blackface
Texas woman accused of faking being a doctor online and tricking woman into lesbian relationship (xpost from r/Texas)
Assad bans GMOs in food 'to preserve the health of human beings
Teen Girls' Fight Over Fart Ends in Death
Flamin' Hot Cheetos are sending kids to ER
The Good Ol' Incest Alibi
High school student banned from attending homecoming dance due to overdue library book.
City removes actual fork in the road
Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, whose regime has murdered 30,000 civilians, has just passed a law regulating genetically modified food in order to "preserve human life"
Ben Stein Apologizes Profusely for Being Truthful About Taxes on Fox News
Minnesota officially bans free online education
Kerry Katona: traumatised by Jimmy Savile looking at her
Physicists May Have Evidence Universe Is A Computer Simulation
Life's exciting in exile! Julian Assange is visited by Hillary Clinton and Gaga
Dick Cheney's Wife Writes an Erotic Lesbian Novel (#4)
Wisconsin Man Claims Speeding Ticket Violates Religious Freedom
Free Online Education Is Now Illegal in Minnesota
Woman Wants Deer Crossing Signs Moved So Deer Won't Cross Highways
OJ reportedly selling the knife he may or may have not used to perform the 'perfect murders'
Steve Jobs now a mid-level angel, say Thai Buddhists
Feminist domestic violence campaigner assaults man at violence against women session (x-post r/MensRights)
Bosnian scrap metal thief steals iron bridge
Banana Boat Recalls Sunscreen After Reports of People Catching on Fire
Man says Bigfoot breaks motor home windows
Judge clears two people of murder for which they've spent 10 years in jail -- but makes them wait 5 days to be released so they can receive ankle bracelets
Gitmo Detainees Sick Of Harry Potter, Want 'Fresh Prince'
Teacup Chihuahua Deemed "DANGER TO SOCIETY"
75 Year Old Explanation For Why Copyrights Are Bad Locked Up Behind Paywall
Math Journal Accepts Nonsense Paper Generated by Computer Program
Area woman fakes her own kidnapping to get out of work. (repost from /r/SanAntonio)
Fargo woman complains about deer-crossing signs
The maker of Banana Boat sunscreen is recalling some half-million bottles of spray-on lotion after reports that people have caught on fire after applying the product
Dutch Ministry proposes powers for Police to Hack into computers, install Spyware, Destroy Data.
Banana Boat recalls sunscreen after 5 people using product catch fire
Amber Gilleylen Alleges Anti-White 'Discrimination' After McDonald's Employee Denies Her New Biscuits
Minnesota Bans Stanford's Unauthorized Free Online Education
Village People: Our Songs Are Not Gay
Andy Serkis To Direct Performance Capture Version of George Orwell's 'Animal Farm'
Hamster Placed In Police Protective Custody Following DUI Stop
Quantum measurements leave Schrödinger's cat alive
Romney Offers Barista Half-Consumed Hot Cocoa in Lieu of Tip
Jets' Tebow gets trademark on 'Tebowing'
Muse to choose UK setlists with a roulette wheel because they have so many songs to choose from
Sony announces 11-pound 20" tablet with 2 hour battery life
Sony announces 20-inch, 11-pound tablet
The Chicago Sun-Times has hired Jenny McCarthy to write a weekly advice column and a Monday-Friday blog about being a good parent
Rep. Jesse Jackson uses robocall to tell constituents "I am human."
Real life family circus
Cat discovers Roman ruins
five people have been detained in china for strip tease funeral send offs
Man hires woman to slap him every time he's on Facebook
Thou shalt not Tebow, for the wages of Tebowing is trademark infringement.
Recall: Sunscreen could burst into flames on skin - Oct. 19, 2012
College student dumped by girlfriend, wins $30.5 million Mega Millions jackpot the next day
Pope names Native American Saint
Clerks at Brooklyn 7-Eleven grab shoplifting suspect, rip his clothes off in frenzy [video ]
'Poop Transplants' May Combat Infections
Poop Transplants are Saving Lives
UNC Player Caught Plagiarizing 11 Year Old For Communications Class (taken from r/cfb)
Tim Tebow to trademark praying?
Moms admit they have no idea which Call of Duty they're supposed to be buying this time
13-year-old claims he has no idea how his Mountain Dew bottled got filled with whiskey.
Kickstarter contributors learning that throwing money at someone doesn't guarantee on time delivery or that a product will even be released.
Rep. Joe Walsh: No abortion exceptions because pregnant women don't die | The Raw Story
9-year-old Costumed Girl Mistaken for a Skunk and Shot in Western PA.
Adult Diapers Big With Young Japanese Women
Girl, 9, mistaken for skunk is shot
Mexico's War Against Obesity, Sponsored by Coca-Cola
The U.S. ranks 3rd in liking the United States
Gonorrhea Now Spread Through Air at San Diego State University
Arby's fires an employee of 22 years for running from an armed robber.
AIG CEO upset that no one ever thanked them for all the wonderful things the company did for the U.S. economy during the collapse
With Captain America nowhere in sight, Hasidic vigilantes take down Red Skull...
82-year-old woman fights to get Connecticut to clear her great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandmother of witchcraft.
Dems Invented 'War On Women' To Distract From Bad Economy - Fox News
I was raised by monkeys after being kidnapped and abandoned in jungle as a child, says Marina Chapman
The police officer looked at the ID asked the man if he was seriously trying to pass as the man in the picture. Court documents report the man hung his head and said "I know."
50 Cent to launch new motherboard
Banana Boat Is Recalling Its Sunscreen That's Catching People on Fire
Drizzle leads to car accidents across San Diego [X-post from r/sandiego]
Cat Marks 15 Years as Mayor of Alaska Town | TIME.com
5 years after Naomi Wolf does a documentary of The End of America and its road to fascism, 3 years under President Obama has her concentrating on vaginas
"Romney Needs America" Blimp Crash Lands in Florida
Teen sleeps through car crashing into bedroom
A Nebraska man is now facing charges after a gun fell out of his waistband in front of his corrections officer. Investigators are trying to determine who the gun belongs to.
Al Qaeda No. 2 in Yemen denies reports of his death
Relative shoots costumed girl after mistaking her for a skunk
How To Carve a Pumpkin Using a Handgun
A bank robber was quickly captured this morning when he returned to the bank after discovering the teller had not given him the full $20,000 he had demanded
Italian scientists guilty of manslaughter in 2009 earthquake
...officers said he beat his girlfriend in front of the couple's nine children after a disagreement over a burrito.
9 year old girl wearing a skunk costume shot when family member thought she was a real skunk
Scientists Convicted of Manslaughter for Failing to Predict Italian Quake
Man takes wife to court for being ugly, wins 120,000$.
3 Teen Girls Perform Exorcisms
Girl Mistaken For Skunk Gets Shot By Relative
Rick Santorum slams 'pursuit of happiness'
High School Students involved in "Fantasy Slut League"
Kids mistake laundry detergent as candy
Boys in daughter's room flee (x-post r/Minneapolis)
Black woman set on fire, "KKK nigger" spray-painted on her car. Sheriffs unsure whether it's a hate crime.
Rumor surface that new reality TV show may be fake.
Rumors surface that new reality TV show may be fake.
Woman Kidnaps Herself to Skip Work
Couple unfriends woman on Facebook, father murders them
Study finds that most "private" homemade porn doesn't stay that way for long.
Noc, the talking Beluga whale is revealed
4 Billion Year Old, Extremely Valuable Meteorite Used As Doorstop By Tennessee Family
Wedding planner tells couple they're 'too common' to wed at fancy Hotel
Man Shoots Eight-Year-Old Cousin in Halloween Costume After Mistaking Her For A Skunk
Apple's 'blasphemous' logo under fire in Russia
A Texas woman has been arrested on charges that she impersonated a doctor in a bizarre scheme to trick a friend into engaging in a lesbian love affair
Obama thanks God for atheists' endorsement
Florida man takes PCP, gets naked, car jacks someone,then takes a shit in the cop car, and finally proceeds to eat his own finger
Israeli poll finds majority in favour of 'apartheid' policies 'According to the Haaretz report, the survey found that ultra-Orthodox Jews held the most extreme views about Arabs, with 70% supporting a legal ban on voting rights and 95% backing discrimination against Arabs in the workplace.'
Italian scientists found guilty of manslaughter for failing to predict earthquake, sentenced to 6 years
L'Aquila quake: Italy scientists guilty of manslaughter for not properly predicting earthquake that killed 300
Parents want free yoga classes removed from school district for their unconstitutional promotion of Hinduism.
UNC drops term 'freshman' in favor of 'gender inclusive language'
New Genus of Ferns Named for Lady Gaga
Parents Threaten to Sue School for Teaching Kids Yoga
Cinema Shows Paranormal Activity Instead of Madagascar 3
Man accused of domestic assault over a Romney photo.
Justin Bieber sued for 'penis pills, cheating with Ke$ha and Rihanna'
Teacher Injured By Fish Falling From The Sky
Virginia Tech Creates 'Gangnam Style' Dancing Navy Robot
Sales of Presidential Halloween masks predicts an Obama victory
Bolivia's Vice President Keeping Track of Twitter Insults
Man shows genitals to Port St Lucie police to go free
Man interrupts his own funeral in Brazil
Avril Lavigne To Cover Nickelback Song For New Anime Film
Obama 'Offended The Bayonet Community' With 'Horses And Bayonets' Comment
Parents warned of 'fantasy slut league' at Bay Area high school
Relative shoots girl after mistaking her for a skunk
Black woman in "KKK nigger" assault fabricated crime, inflicted injuries on herself
Russia accuses U.S. of human rights abuses
Man returns to bank he robbed to complain about poor customer service.
High Schoolers organized a 'Fantasy Slut League' at their High School, which documents sexual encounters with the women drafted into the group.
Train delayed in France because of suspicious packages. Police later found out the packages belonged to the train company and contained apologizing cards given to passengers in case of delay.
Greek Soccer Team Saved From Ruin By Brothels
BBC News - Stirling drug dealer called police to arrest him
Richard Mourdock: Even pregnancy from rape something "God intended" - CBS News
Ohio: 15% Of Republicans Say Romney Deserved Credit For Killing Bin Laden
Model spends 11 years waiting to wear a bra
Model waits 11 years to wear bra (originally from /WTF)
GOP senate candidate calls rape pregnancies "a gift from god".
Police Appeal: Owl carrying 11 year old boy assaulted with Silly String outside 'PoundFever'
Pregnant teenager is a virgin, Dubai Police doctor says
Man Interrupts His Own Funeral
Physicists Invent (Tiny) Working Tractor Beam, World Becomes Instantly More Awesome
South Carolina woman who went missing after telling family she was running away to Florida finally found...in Florida.
Avril Lavigne To Cover Nickelback Hit For Anime Movie
Man shows testicles to officers to avoid jail time.
"Anyone can get confused": Nurse injects patient with coffee
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton communicates with the dead spirit of former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt
Followup: Black Woman Lied About KKK Setting Her On Fire
Nazi Buddha Statue from Space might be a fake
Nazi Buddha from space might be a fake
Richard Mourdock On Abortion: Pregnancy From Rape Is 'Something God Intended'
Student Congress votes against bill to ban cargo shorts: "This is just the first step," bill author Jeremy Allen said. "Jorts, Crocs, it is all on the table."
Man files a lawsuit lawsuit claiming Justin Bieber stole his credit card and used it to pay for penis enlargement surgery. He also claims to be the biological father of both Justin and his girlfriend Selena Gomez.
Michael Stipe to judge animated GIF contest
Romney: Instagram 'Must Be Banned'
Politician claims that his endorsement of rape being taken out of context.
CBS announce Smells Like Teen Spirit - the sitcom Big Bang Theory writer working on show named after Nirvana song
Russian energy giant Gazprom sets up joint venture in Nigeria, calls it "Nigaz"
Haloween masks predict Obama win
Watch a Pastor Perform an Exorcism on a Filthy Stinking Gay Sex Demon
After slitting his wife's throat, Toronto man complained of unbearable burden of children's insufficiently Muslim clothes
University of North Carolina football player caught plagiarizing content written by 11-year-olds. Go Heels!
Florida Schools Approve Race-Based Learning Goals
Nazi buddha from space might be fake
Avril Lavigne to cover Nickelback for new anime film
Guernsey Sunday trade moves are Satan's work says cleric
Truck and school bus involved in collision...without any drivers.
Shark Falls from Sky Onto Golf Course? - Yahoo! News
Romney spray tan report threatens to blow the lid off this campaign.
Woman Misunderstands Deer Crossing Signs, Calls Radio Station, Wants Them Moved | fox4kc.co
Lamborghini Aventador Impounded Because Driver Can't Afford $500 Ticket
Dutch Article, translated in comments: "Women aborts baby due to only getting three facebook likes on a picture of the ultrasound."
Austrian incest rapist Fritzl divorces: report. Josef Fritzl, who held his daughter captive in a cellar for 24 years and fathered seven children with her, has divorced his wife of 52 years for failing to visit him in prison, a magazine reported on Thursday.
Justin Bieber Sued For Purchasing Penis Enlargement With Stolen Credit Card
NYC police officer arrested for part in conspiracy to "kidnap, rape, torture, kill, cook and eat body parts of a number of women"
Donald Trump Fires Himself (kind of)
Doris Duke's Teen Heirs Battle Being 'Poor' While Waiting for $1B
FBI Arrests NYPD Officer For Attempting To "Kidnap Women And Cook Them": Gothamist
Fake Doctor Tricked Friend into Lesbian Sex and Marriage
New York officer charged with plotting to kill and eat women
Female Vote Hard to Predict Due to Periods
Man charged for faking disability to get diaper changed
New York police officer arrested over plot to kidnap and eat women
Counterfeit Ketchup Scheme Uncovered | TIME.com - "while the ketchup seems real, the packaging is deceptive."
Officer Held in Plot to Cook Women and Eat Them - NYTimes.com
Rod Stewart: 'I used to take cocaine anally'
Daily Kos: GOP Rape Advisory Chart
Fake Doctor Tricked Friend into Lesbian Sex and Marriage, Allegations Say
NYPD Officer Charged With Trying to Cook Women
Officer executed by mortar shell for not being sad enough.
Man sues wife for being ugly, wins
Sweden runs out of garbage, forced to import from Norway
Economist's defense of perpetual copyright: It's best to just ignore the economics
Burglar shoots 90 year old man, then sues him
Man sues wife for being ugly - and wins
90-year-old man shot in face during burglary sued by the burglar who shot him in the face
Video Of Obama's Birth Taking Place In Kenya Leaked.... The Post Colonial Flag And Calendar Verifies It! - Facepalm Of The Day
Special Olympian with Down Syndrome schools Ann Coulter on how to use the word "retard"
Utah Republican Fundraiser charged with Multiple Counts of Rape & Kidnapping commits Suicide after released from jail
The Great Ron Swanson
Man Augments Testicle With Chin Implant
Cannibalism: Is It Safe To Eat People?
Indiana Man Puts Permanent Tattoo On His Head Promoting Romney For $5000
Man asks do I know you. Says No I dont. Walks away. Files police report
Eli Roth showed Cannibal Holocaust to Amazon villagers and they thought it was hilarious
Woman Has Abortion After 'Disappointing Number Of Likes For Ultrasound On Facebook' | De Speld
New Samsung commercial touts phones' ability to share sex videos with your spouse (vid)
NY Cop Plans to Kidnap, Rape, Cook and Eat Dozens of Women
When she says, "It's not you, it's me," it really might be you, UCLA study suggests.
Silly string attack on boy carrying owl
Rod Stewart Responds To Gay Rumor About Having Stomach Pumped After Night With Sailors
Can hot sauce applied to the anus cause a long-lasting erection?
Brazilian student sells virginity, claims she is not a prostitute - she is only selling her body once
Obama campaign's new ad compares losing virginity to voting for the first time: My first time was with Obama
Man sues wife for being ugly, wins $120,000
Chinese man sues wife for being ugly, wins $120,000
White Voters Still Matter
Politico - White Voters Still Matter
Live shark falls from the sky at Californian golf course - Telegraph
Gang Attacks Boy With Silly String In Attempt To Steal His Pet Owl - Police chief: "This is a really odd incident"
Ronald McDonald violates restraining order after entering McDonald's restaurant
Meat Loaf endorses Mitt Romney
Scientists sentenced to six years in prison for manslaughter after failing to predict a 2009 earthquake that killed 300.
Scientists sentenced to 6 years in prison for manslaughter after failing to predict a 2009 earthquake that killed 300 people.
Promoters censor Christian band for being "too edgy", secular bands still allowed to say "Fuck".
Cannabis grower claims he did not receive a long enough jail sentence.
President Barack Obama may have voted for Mitt Romney when he cast his Early Vote at the Martin Luther King Community Center in Chicago's 4th Ward. Nobody knows for sure. Even him. He cast his vote on a 100% unverifiable touch-screen e-voting system made by Sequoia Voting Systems.
Rotten stench exposes counterfeit ketchup ring.
Chinese man sues wife for being ugly, wins
All amateur fights suspended after US boxing boss says all female fighters are either abused or gay
Heston Blumenthal unveils new use for a tampon - as a palate cleanser
Justin Bieber fans shave their heads for 4chan.
Unwitting Radio host broadcasts joke about suspected celebrity child sex beast.
Local Man Stops Robbery By Quoting Pulp Fiction
Biden's visit to cheese shop irritates woman
Woman set on fire during C-section loses suit against doctor
Britain should feel guilty for interrogating Nazi prisoners
Cow kills Palestinian at Muslim feast
Taiwanese not interested - "Our 'Mayan doomsday package' was canceled because we did not have enough people to form a group,"
Unlimited election spending causes sharp improvement in the US economy
Chinese man sues wife over ugly child - and wins $120,000
Alabama to vote this November on the issue of segregation.
Parents call Cherokee County, GA police for help to save their 16 year-old son from suicide. Police oblige, killing him with a sniper's bullet.
Man shooting at cars on I-96 for four days; Still not found.
Syria bombards major cities, 'weakening' truce
Why penis worm anuses are getting evolutionary biologists all hot and bothered
Literal cat burglar steals cash from an animal shelter
Identity Thief Fools No One With Accident-Victim Disguise
Daredevil who jumped out of balloon in massively expensive stunt calls Mars travel a waste of money.
History Channel to show actual History
B.C. teen arrested for photographing mall takedown
Hurricane Sandy forces gamer out of line for Wii U
NYC stockpile of brains questioned
Paintballs Could Save Earth from Giant Asteroid Impact
Hermit crabs are the animal kingdoms most dickish neighbors.
Weather Forces Romney to Shift Lying to Other States : The New Yorker
Despite new law against it, copper thieves still insist upon stealing copper.
5 month old puppy becomes gubernatorial candidate in Sicily.
Mom drives children to school while drunk, hits car in parking lot three times...then walks inside to ask if she can chaperone a field trip that day.
What Mormons Actually Believe (Banned Mormon Cartoon)
Gay Romney Supporter And Friend Barred From Romney Event.
Maryland loses 4th QB, must start linebacker at QB
Yoko 'not to blame' for Beatles split
Police determine "human remains" are really tree roots
Mom busted for driving children to school while drunks asks if she can still chaperone field trip that day.
Mom busted for driving children to school while drunk asks if she can still chaperone field trip that day.
My father can beat up your father, with one hand!!!
Nissan Plans Interior Made out of Synthetic Human Skin in Luxury Cars.
Man Gets Romney 'R' Tattooed On His Face For $15,000
Sweden wants your trash
New poll shows that fewer people think Obama is a Muslim. But now almost 1 in 5 people think he's Jewish
The Japanese demonstrate their dominance in toilet technology by building a goalkeeper toilet that blocks shots at 100 mph
Hurricane Sandy disrupts climate vigil in Boston
Armed Riot Police Raid Free Poker Tournament, Because in Florida Gambling Doesn't Require Betting.
Russell Crowe's Noah's "Ark" Could Be Destroyed By Hurricane
Gay sperm donor told to pay child maintenance for 'his' two children (x-post r/unitedkingdom)
Sacrificial ram buts owner to death
Sacrificial ram butts owner to death
Obama Accepts 'Osama Bin Laden' Donations
Christian preacher blames gays for Hurricane Sandy
As Hurricane Sandy menaces the eastern seaboard, addicts will have their own concerns. An ex-heroin user recalls the 13 dark days she stayed on in New Orleans after Katrina hit.
Conspiracy theorists blame government scientists for creating Hurricane Sandy to support Obama
Occupy mom abandons children, divorces her banker husband, cashes in on his retirement fund and bank account.
Australian Government excises entire mainland from territory
Akron City Hall evacuated after man named 'Kaboom' forgets walking stick
PETA wants memorial where fish died in car crash
Occupy protesters were right, says Bank of England official
Mega church pastor beaten to death with electric guitar by man who rammed car into church
Machetes recalled due to laceration hazard
Man drives car into Church, beats Pastor to death with an electric guitar
Caption to this photo on Weather.com: "Sandbags protect the entrance to the New York Stock exchange"
Woman charged with faking daughter's cancer now accused of faking pregnancy
Bush's FEMA Director During Katrina Criticizes Obama For Responding To Sandy Too Quickly
Dan Savage: The Gay Man Who Teaches Straight People How to Have Sex
Activist floats idea of memorial for fish killed in Irvine crash
Pro-Assad page claims Syria and Iran engineered Hurricane Sandy
Police Break Up Cat Party
Drunken woman apprehended, charged after leaping into raging creek to rescue wild ducks from water
Disney is buying LucasFilm and will release "Star Wars Episode VII" in 2015
Bush's FEMA Director Criticized Obama's Response to Sandy for Being Too Speedy
High School students draft slutty girls for "Sex Fantasy League"
Are Minnesota Timberwolves Too White?
Disney is buying Lucasfilm and making Star Wars Episode 7, with 8 and 9 to follow
Disney to buy star wars and make a 7th film
Talented Indiana horse paints self-portrait
Horse's paintings gain international fame - "It just made sense to tie a brush on the end of the whip, so I did."
Android hacked by semi-literate Ethiopian children
"Obama Reacted Too Fast To Hurricane Sandy" says Michael "Heckuva Job" Brown
Cheerleader Who Slept With Student Gets Reality Show
Cops Raid Sports Bar Guns Drawn: Arrest People For NOT Betting! You Have to Hear This!
Teens arrested for rapping their order at a McDonalds drive thru
Swat Team Raids Sports Bar: Arrest People For Playing Cards Without Betting
Deeply Religious Newburgh Man Crushed by Falling Crucifix, Loses Leg
Romney says he favors abortion in cases where it makes people vote for him
Afghan woman beheaded for refusing to be a prostitute
Elderly Woman Dies After Wheelchair Rolls Down Hill Into Water Ditch During Fire Drill
Justina Laniewski Tries To 'Save' Ducks During Hurricane Sandy, Gets Arrested In Pennsylvania
Burning Man attendee burns man before designated time; sentenced to 2 years in prison
Gay Republican Finds He Can't Count on Gay and Lesbian Vote
Bush's FEMA Director During Katrina Criticizes Obama For Responding To Sandy Too Quickly | ThinkProgress
Pizza Hut Honors 21-Year-Old Ninja Turtles Coupon (VIDEO)
Police Sniffer Dog targeted by Rio Drug Bosses
French Anti-Gay Interpretive Dance Protest Sure Is Pretty Darn Gay
Celebratory gunfire at a Saudi Arabian wedding cuts an electrical cable, killing 23
Christian chaplin blames Hurricane Sandy on gays.
Darren Aronofsky's "Noah" Delayed Due to Flooding
BREAKING: Psychic pair fail scientific test
Iran Syria claim responsiblity for Sandy (nottheonion)
Woman turns to Environmental Bill of Rights in bid to silence basketball-playing neighbour
PETA wants roadside memorial to honor fish killed in crash
Axelrod wagers to shave mustache
Man has likeness of late wife's vulva carved into her tomb
MA congressional candidtate releases TV ad offering respite from deluge of TV ads
Cop Tased Kid During Career Day Presentation
MA congressional candidate releases TV ad offering respite from deluge of TV ads
Celebratory gunfire leaves 23 dead at Saudi wedding
Cop visiting school for career day uses taser 10 yr old boy because he refused to wash his car
PETA wants sign to memorialize fish killed in crash
FATAL DISTRACTION: CAN UFOS CAUSE AIR ACCIDENTS?
Florida man murdered for his Magic: The Gathering cards
Belgian prison loses the keys to 180 cells
Terrorist Offers Hurricane Sandy Aid, US Says No Thanks
Cop texts "If you buy me a beer, Ill forget everything at trial," to woman accused of drunk driving
This Gay is Exhausted from Causing Hurricane Sandy
Just In: Campaign Now Making Children Cry - WSJ
Terrorist Offers Hurricane Aid, US Says No Thanks
Romney Campaign bought 5k worth of goods to give to supporters to give back to him for relief effort.
A movie about Noah's Ark has been delayed for the best reason ever: Flooding.
Psy Smokes a Cigarette! Are K-Pop and Big Tobacco Plotting the Fall of America?!
Lawmakers pass bill declaring that wearing masks while rioting is illegal.
BBC News - Hedgehog trapped in crisp packet in Weston-super-Mare
FBI to Investigate The Suspicious Disappearance of American Journalism (xpost)
Mike Huckabee warns Christians voting for Obama that they risk going to hell [Video]
San Francisco closes old battlefield roads to protect ghost from ghost hunters.
Brown Student Remains Unconvinced There Was a Hurricane
NYC's MoMA (Museum of Modern Art) is holding a garage sale to raise money for charity.
Smugglers' Jeep gets stuck atop California border fence
Republican candidate calls aborting rapist's child "more violence on woman's body"
Former Chelsea and Germany midfielder Michael Ballack too hard up to pay speeding fine - Telegraph
Man mistakes disabled vet's wheelchair as costume, assaults him
Exceptional floods leave half of Venice under water
The three anti-American protesters closely watched by four policemen as Hilary Clinton visits Croatia.
Sweden pays jobless youth to move to Norway - Telegraph
BBC News - Trick-or-treat children given cocaine in Oldham
Police use Taser on 10-year-old at school career day
Akin ad features rape victim
Person Doesn't Know How to Use a Pay Phone
Obama revives his 2008 "change" slogan in final campaign pitch
Mexico 'smugglers' car' gets stuck atop US border fence [X-post from r/worldnews]
NFL 2011 first round pick needs police protection from greedy family members coming after his money
Disabled Veteran Punched in the Face for Being a Disabled Veteran on Halloween.
Election campaign commercials drive 4-year-old girl to tears
In Response to Customer Confusion, Coffee Shop Chain Replaces the Term "Latte" With "Really Really Milky Coffee"
Scientists to publish results of study on sewing kittens' eyes shut at birth in next issue of New England Journal of Evil
Man tells police he fired shot at person who was "staring at his house" and "looking at his lawn"
Woman Creates Braille Porn For The Blind
Man sues wife for giving birth to ugly baby, wins.
1) Man prays to giant crucifix for wife's cancer to be cured; 2) wife is healed; 3) as man polishes same giant crucifix it falls and crushes his leg; 4) man sues church for $3 million; 5) offending crucifix is moved to another parish.
Crayon beats up gnome
Rush Limbaugh enraged by Chris Christie's "man love" for President Obama.
"Glitch" wipes out 1,000 early votes in black FL neighborhood
Mayor Bloomberg: 'I don't think we've had a murder in two or three days'
Lonely elephant tried to speak Korean
Felix Baumgartner says Mars is a waste of your tax dollars
Pakistani couple kill daughter who talked to a boy
College Allows Transgender Man to Expose Himself to Young Girls
Obesity crisis 'will force hospitals to use super-size MRI scanners at zoos'. NHS hospitals will have to use scanners from zoos because they are unable to cope with severely overweight patients, surgeons have predicted. [xpost r/offbeat]
UnSkewed Polls -- erasing the bias to show an accurate picture of politics
Without heat or power, it's just very hard to sleep, so I figured I'd get up early and get my new iPad.
Woman breaks into house, cleans it, and leaves bill for $75
Is Canada ready to embrace the adult onesie trend?
Man Sues Wife Over Ugly Baby
Lawyer stripped of license after beating client with a baseball bat
A German who volunteered to fight for the Taliban quit after becoming disheartened by the violence and annoyed with the group's macho and drug-taking world.
South Dakota Republicans accuse Democrats of buying votes with chili.
Czech man with no heart dies after six months
Poll: Most Republicans believe in demonic possession
Russian teen leaps from apartment block after seeing his favorite Japanese anime character die on TV...
Evangelicals Refuse to Support Romney, Urge Voters to Write In Jesus
Fox News: In praise of price gouging
A New York man, who credited his wife's recovery from cancer to his prayers to a large outdoor statue of Jesus, is suing the church at which he prayed after the marble monstrosity toppled over and fell on him
What Do I Tell My Black Child If Obama Loses?
Romney: Elect Me Or House GOP Will Wreck The Economy
Fox News: "Why I am voting for Barack Obama"
North Korea says it's proud of its human rights record
Fruit-seller bannered from shouting as he could damage people's health
Arab World: Sandy was the wrath of God unleashed against the US infidels - seriously
An increasing number of Britons now buy their own gifts to ensure that they get what they want
German quits 'unhygienic, drug-using' Taliban (x-post from r/worldnews)
Rat Out 60 Rats, Get A Free Cell Phone
Registered Republican busted for voter fraud
Obama speaking 'from his loins,' top adviser says
Police claim paraplegic man had to be tackled after running away from traffic stop.
Obama gained almost an entire percentage point after Chris Christie praised Obama's leadership on Fox News
"Given these facts, I propose a constitutional amendment prohibiting straight men from voting. Surprisingly, Romney does not oppose this. "Women will vote as directed by their husbands," he explained."
Truck carrying 500 cats intercepted en route to restaurant in China
BBC News - WWII carrier pigeon message discovered in Surrey chimney: It is thought the coded message could give new information about the war.
Pregnant Zombie Arrested For Alleged DUI
Man wins $120,000 judgment from wife for giving birth to ugly baby.
Ex-Mayor Erects Statue Of Himself At Michigan Home
Bed-ridden, elderly Canadian woman calls police because she is hungry, Mountie makes her cheese and crackers (X-post)
Nickelback's Chad Kroeger pays drum technician to stick his penis in electric fan
Man sues wife over ugly baby, woman ordered to pay $120,000 judgment (x-post from r/rage)
Verizon staff arrested for stealing customer's nude pics, discovered after offer to show "banging pictures" [x-post r/technology]
Amazon Kindles cause Divorce and Marital Strife
Pittsburgh police suspect pot in cop's car was 'prank' | www.wpxi.com (x-post from /r/pittsburgh)
Vandals admit muffin-crystal-thingie assault at Serpent Mound
Anheuser-Busch halts beer to make water for Sandy victims
Daniel Day-Lewis' Wife Regrets Asking Him To Roleplay Firefighter During Kinky Sex
Bored cleaning lady breaks into house to clean it.
Illiterate Ethiopian children hack Android OS
Boy kicked from school for carrying genes of non-contagious disease.
Man sues wife for being ugly .... and wins £75k payout
Woman breaks into house, cleans it, and leaves a bill for $75.
$23 Million Lottery Winner Forgot She Had Winning Ticket
In ceremony, blindfolded child selects name of next Coptic pope
Electronic tag turned off so mother could use vacuum cleaner
Clayton landlord arrested for tampering with evidence after discovering and reporting meth in rental home
German bank rents out every room in famous 5 star hotel in the middle of Berlin for 3 days - to discuss ways to save money
George W. Bush writes a book on economic growth
Corporate media empire owner Rupert Murdoch threatens New Jersey Governor after he supports President Obama's emergency actions for Hurricane Sandy
Justin Bieber Fans Wage an All Out Assault on an Innocent and Unsuspecting Charity
Obesity Epidemic Forces Cattle MRI Use
Romney staff refusing to let frostbitten children leave PA rally
Florida Woman arrested for masturbating in a Starbucks while high on crack
South Korea Hopes Gangnam Style will Boost nation's economy
Scientists teach elephant to speak Korean.
Michael Jackson jailed for child kidnaps
Man travels the country looking for women he can pay to kick him in the nuts
An old one I found: Attorney accidentally sues himself
Martian atmosphere pristine, totally free of fart gas, reports Curiosity
NY woman personally escorts a solitary butterfly to Texas, via Southwest Airlines, to reunite it with it's migratory posse
Former Michigan mayor erects giant bronze statue of himself outside gates of his mansion; inscription reads 'Success is the best revenge' - NY Daily News
Shoot While You Wait: Alabama GOP Plans Election Night Party at Gun Range.
Birds get drunk on berries, crash into one another mid-air while trying to fly drunk
Juvenile blackbirds get drunk on fermented berries, crash into each other midair after trying to fly while intoxicated
Brevard County Florida to fine people for having "saggy pants"
Parents want to collect injured son's sperm
Getting the perfect grin: How Chinese police are 'taught to smile' by holding chopsticks in their mouths
Twinkie diet helps nutrition professor lose 27 pounds.
Candidate Killed by Hurricane Sandy Could Still Win Election
Beaver dam fails and floods homes.
Man confesses to murder on his death bed. Doesn't die. Faces the rest of his life in prison.
Outcry after rape of Indian girl aged 16 triggers calls for reduction in age of consent
Neighbour sues teen for playing basketball on his own driveway.
US weather agency NOAA responds to demands to nuke hurricanes
Jersey Shore couple wins $375,000 settlement for ruined view due to the restored sand dunes that saved their home during Sandy. Beach replenishment program in jeopardy as a result.
Man Admits Murder During Heart Attack, Survives
Scientist plans to catch Bigfoot with remote-control blimp
Tina Turner Songs Effectively Scare Birds
Man confesses to murder on his deathbed, doesn't actually die
Woman who drove on sidewalk must wear 'idiot' sign
Dolphins deserve same rights as humans, say scientists
Noam Chomsky makes his own Gangnam Style Video.
Piedmont Boy, 3, Gets $2,500 Ticket For Urinating In in 1.5 Acre Front Yard
New scented oil on sale in Japan: "The Smell of a Boy's Anus"
Witchdoctor predicts Obama win
Is That 4-Year-Old Really a Sex Offender?
Judge orders Cleveland woman to wear an 'idiot' sign after she was caught driving on a sidewalk to avoid a school bus - NY Daily News
Atlanta area HOA elects to lock their gates in lieu of possible civil unrest after the election.
Florida governor Rick Scott ignores his state's early-vote mess to stump with Mitt Romney in the town where Trayvon Martin was shot.
George Bush accidentally votes for Obama
New invention separates your Skittles into color groups so you don't have to
Fresno chicken plant shooting: Nearby taco shop eerily quiet
Man accused of murder confesses in court so he can be back in his cell in time for Monday Night Football [xpost r/nfl]
Voter appears to die, is revived, then asks 'Did I vote?'
FL neighborhood crime watch meeting interrupted by 75-pound bale of cocaine falling from sky
Chris Christie: Call from Springsteen made me weep
Marine allegedly mistakes vet's wheelchair for a costume, assaults him
Man, 102, still regrets vote for Hoover
Malfunctioning Electronic Voting Machine Keeps Selecting Romney
Jackie Samuel's Snuggery Charges $1/Minute For Cuddling
A new dog for Romney if he wins
Voter appears to die, then asks 'Did I vote?'
Private jets line up at Logan as Romney backers arrive in Boston
Police officer apologizes for tazering woman by tazering her again.
Romney Will Win Tonight.
Florida woman barred from voting because her MIT shirt was confused as an endorsement for Mitt Romney.
Woman Wearing MIT Shirt Banned From Voting In Boca Raton
George W Bush, confused by electronic voting machine, accidentally votes for Obama.
Voters say election, Facebook don't always mix
Romney: I've only written a victory speech
George Bush Accidently Votes For Obama
Man, 23, Arrested After Flashing His Breast Implants At Fellow Walmart Shoppers
African Teenagers Invent Urine-Powered Generator
Romney prepared only a victory speech
Kenyan witch doctor calls election for Barack Obama after analysing shells, bones
Man, 23, 'who lives as girl named Jamie' arrested for flashing breast implants at Walmart shoppers before spitting at cops
Jimmy Savile child abuse allegations are "rubbish", claims his friend, serial killer Peter Sutcliffe
BBC feared aliens might breach editorial guidelines and axed "stargazing live" tv show
Republican Texas Governor Rick Perry Forgets who he Voted for President 2012
Meta: Considering a moderation experiement...
Private jets got into a traffic jam at Boston airport the night of the Romney election party.
Ole Miss repeats race riot history after Obama victory announced.
FEMA Disaster Centers Shut Doors Due to Bad Weather
Charity to Use "Fifty Shades of Grey" as Toilet Paper
Man in wheelchair attempts to shoplift. Employee wheels him back into store. Wheelchair guy pulls a knife and leaves the store again.
Survey finds growing mistrust of politicians (xpost r/australia)
Tim Duncan Smoothly Gives Fan The Finger In Most Boring And Fundamentally Sound Athlete Meltdown Ever
Apple patents rectangle with rounded corners
Dead candidates win elections in Florida and Alabama
Bareback champ is the proud papa of a new daughter
Political junkies lost without new daily polls
Gay Couple Accepts Responsibility For Every Major Disaster of the Last 50 Years
Mother of the Mayor of Minneapolis Crowd-surfs, Mayor Follows
Mom Names Newborn Twins Barack Obama And Mitt Romney
Herd Of Drunken Elephants Ransack Indian Village After Drinking Purloined Liquor
George Bush accidentally votes for Obama. Voting machine manufacturer: "This is a problem unique to Mr. Bush"
BBC tells star science presenter Brian Cox that impromptu extraterrestrial contact would break health and safety guidelines, stop him using Jodrell Bank to listen to possible candidate for alien life on live stargazing programme.
Montana Quietly Passed a Measure That Says Corporations Aren't Humans
Hockey Player seeks legal advice before beating up a guy (xpost from /r/hockey)
Herd Of Drunken Elephants Ransack Indian Village
South Korean activists float condoms into N.Korea
Boy finds Parents' savings, spends it on Candy. {xpost r/offbeat]
Egypt bans online porn, causing split in society
A robber who held up an Ohio grocery store pointed a gun at a clerk and repeatedly demanded to know whom the man voted for in the presidential election. When the worker said that he could not vote, the gunman announced, "Vote Obama. This is Obama, bitches."
Forklift falls in lake. Some oil spilled.
100 hours for yelling at David Cameron
'Nazi' raccoons take over Germany
South African arrested with nephew's genitals in his wallet. :|
New Zealand judge throws out case against dead man
Texas voters choose dead guy for State Senator
Man sues church after 600-pound crucifix crushes his leg
Libertarian Blogger Decrying the End of Liberty in America
Judge declared "legally insane," re-elected anyways.
FEMA Disaster Center Shuttered Due to Weather
Republicans Consider Welcoming People Who Believe in Math and Science : The New Yorker
An Alternative to Democracy (Buy Votes)
Wrestler has a Romney tattoo on his face
Republicans Consider Welcoming People Who Believe in Math and Science
Dead Candidates Win Elections In Florida, Alabama: "When you are running against a dead man, you are limited as to what you can say."
ScienceCasts: NASA's Cure for a Common Phobia
Roseanne Barr Places 5th In Presidential Election
Vegas Employer: Obama Won, So I Fired 22 Employees
Early Facebook Employees Struggle with the Shame of a Seven-figure Net Worth
Early Facebook Employees Struggle with the Shame of a Seven-figure Net Worth: "Do you have any idea how it feels to be a 26 years-old in Palo Alto with less than $10 million in liquid assets? It's, like, depressing."
Early Facebook Employees Struggle with the Shame of a Seven-figure Net Worth: "Do you have any idea how it feels to be a 26 year-old in Palo Alto with less than $10 million in liquid assets? It's, like, depressing."
Man Marries Sister-in-Law Next to Dead Wife in Hospital | American Live Wire
Race tied after candidate's wife fails to vote
400 trillion trillion pints of beer lost in space
Woman buys iPad at gas station for $200. Turns out to be a mirror
Meta: Moderator Application Thread
Village trustee addresses accusation of binder clip theft.
A new survey commissioned by Infowars and conducted by Harris Interactive has found that almost one third of American adults would accept a "TSA body cavity search" in order to fly
Banana war ends after 20 years
Bar serves cocktail with real human toe
Kenyan mother names twins Barack Obama and Mitt Romney
New York mayor banned food donations to homeless shelters because they could't assess if the food was healthy enough.
South Carolina woman scammed into buying a fake iPad made of wood
Chick-fil-A Opening Gives Disappointed Republicans Something to Celebrate
Robbery Thwarted After Chinese Restaurant Workers Fail To Understand Demands
Republican announces lifetime boycott of all Democrats, including family members
Cat appears to come in third in Virginia's U.S. senate race | Constitution Daily
Man arrested carrying nephew's genitals in wallet
Mitt Romney's Campaign Cancels Staffers Credit Cards In The Middle Of The Night - Forbes
Pat Robertson Mystified by 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
US Navy ready to replace its costly mine-clearance dolphins with cheaper robots
Europe's No. 1 Cheap Airline Wants To Offer Standing Room Only Flights
Poor Mitt. He will always assume Barack is the favorite.
Pakistani girl, 9, awarded as 'compensation' in dispute
South Korea launches Toilet Theme Park: "Toilet can be cultural space"
Who figured out a beaver's behind tastes like raspberry?
Voters Mandate Condoms For Porn
Crime Brief: Pizza rolls lead to assault in [a College Dormitory]
FEMA center closed due to inclement weather
Doctor says 400lb death row inmate is 'too fat' to die
Research shows that the 5-second rule doesn't work
The Norwegian convicted of the massacre of 77 people last year has said he is being held in "inhumane" conditions.
Man accused of using French maid outfit to expose himself at post offices
Michigan man, 21, accused of faking ID to play high school football
James bond killed on a Manila highway
Nuclear test veteran who flew through a mushroom cloud
Congress Throws $10m Party to Celebrate 8% Rise in Approval Ratings
Man cuts out his tongue to win his wife back
Anders Behring Breivik, the Norwegian mass killer, has complained about his conditions in prison, with grievances ranging from not being able to keep moisturiser in his cell to the temperature of his coffee.
Bunty Verma Slices Tongue To Win Back Wife He Verbally Abused
Mass murderer Anders Breivik complains about quality of pens given to him in prison, tight security.
Pastor accused of assaulting men during sexual orientation counseling
MSNBC's Bashir apologizes to young viewers 'frightened' by Krauthammer's face
Republican Soul Searching Probably Mostly Pointless
Rep. Aaron Schock (R-IL) finds solace in Taylor Swift
African Teens Create Pee-Powered Energy Generator
College girl puts tiny hats on squirrels around Penn State campus
SEC brought unprotected computers with sensitive stock data to Black Hat security conference
U.N. Elects Genocidal Sudan to Top Human Rights Body
Race for city council tied when wife of candidate doesn't vote
Santorum Claims Homosexuals Stole Election
Ex-cop not guilty of most charges
Texas Board of Education Revises Textbooks: Slaves were "Unpaid Interns"
Cat Claws his way to Third in Virginia Senate Race
Dad protests high school principal over porn lesson given to daughter
Only in Florida does cocaine drop from the sky
Joakim Noah of Chicago Bulls regrets 3-point attempt for Big Macs
RyanAir Standing Up Against Seat Belts With New Seating Proposal
Stock analyst who helped cause Applebee's share price to fall is enjoying the profits he made buying it at the bottom and watching the price rise again.
Lance Armstrong's teammate says he wished he had doped more when he had the chance
Woman arrested for masturbating while high in Starbucks
iPad 5 could replace iPad 4 next year, hints analyst
Ticks are turning victims into vegetarians
Idiot seems shocked by fallout from racist, threatening Obama comment
Texas town adds sugar to water supply to encourage residents to drink more water
Racist anti-Obama Facebook post gets woman fired | Technically Incorrect (Priceless Interview embedded)
Parents view yoga in elementary school as religious indoctrination
Substitute teacher pulls knife on student after being hit in the head with a calculator (x-post from r/offbeat)
Mailman Mistakes Corpse on Porch For Halloween Display
TI-84 calculator being updated with a color screen
South Korea makes park dedicated to toilet-obsessed mayor.
Ohio Man Gets Two DUI's at the Same Time
Herd of Indian elephants go on drunken rampage after mammoth booze session. | Metro.co.uk
Herd of Indian elephants go on drunken rampage after mammoth booze session.
Robber returns stolen money when store clerk asks for it back
Did the world's sexiest zoo get too sexy?
Legal expert who created fake CP to demonstrate that CP can be faked ordered to pay $300,000 for making CP, even though the court knew it was fake. [xpost /r/TrueReddit]
Peyton Manning Purchases 21 Colorado Papa John's Franchises Just 2 Weeks Before Weed Legalization
Hamburger takes ride into space
Energy-drinking troops experience sleepiness on the job
Florida Representative refuses to give up seat after losing reelection
Report: Christ Tabernacle church banned children from services after registered sex offender returns
Could Robot Sex Mean Longer Life?
Fifty Shades of Grey sex games failure blamed for divorce
Man gets arrested for drunk driving twice at the same time thanks to daylight saving time
Study: Meth Can Help Fight The Flu
Patron shot dead outside of "Shooters" cafe
Man suspects lover of affair with Mitt Romney after finding pic on PC, beats her
Scientists discover massive ring around Saturn (2009)
'50 Shades of Grey' Fan Divorcing Husband After He Refuses to Re-Create Scenes From Book
Man steals delivery vehicle, continues to make deliveries for extra cash.
India's ambitious plan to cut red tape gets tangled in ... red tape | Reuters
Clowns face off with the KKK
Guy with Romney tattoo on his face: I'm the guy who has egg all over his face, but instead of egg, it's a big Romney/Ryan tattoo.
States petition the Obama administration to secede from the Union
Grover Norquist: Obama Won Because He Called Romney A 'Poopy Head'
Woman divorces her husband after he refuses to recreate 50 Shades Of Grey in bed
Man With Romney Tattoo on Face Is 'Disappointed' -- Daily Intel
Waffle House Chairman Accused of Requiring Sex Acts
Australian judge orders Google to pay $208,000 in damages for defamatory search results
NY Man Who Thought He Was In The Matrix Attempts to Pass Through A Police Car During High Speed Chase
Elmo Puppeteer Kevin Clash Takes Leave from Sesame Street Amid Sexual Allegations
Elmo on leave after accusations of relationship with boy
In Praise of Price Gouging
Wife drives over husband because he didn't stop Obama reelection.
John McAfee (of McAfee Antivirus) Wanted for Murder
Displaced by Storm, Couple Seeks Rental With Access to Chicken Coop
Paula Broadwell, David Petraeus' Biographer and Mistress titled the book she wrote about him "All In"
Man arrested in England for posting photo of burning poppy on Facebook
Arizona woman blames husband for Obama's re-election. allegedly rams him with car
Man with Romney face tattoo 'disappointed' with election results | The Sideshow - Yahoo! News
Woman arrested after officer sees her using nunchucks while driving
Vigilante mob attacks doctor's home after confusing "pediatrician" with "pedophile"
Coca-Cola gives $3M to city for anti-obesity, diabetes efforts
Driver throws his food out the window to slow down the police chasing him
Eric Hartsburg Tattoos Mitt Romney Logo Onto Forehead, Speaks Out After Election
Cocaine Found In The Air Of Italian Cities
Cops: Woman angered by Obama re-election runs over husband for not voting
Keys to Tower of London Stolen
Norquist Says Obama Portrayed Romney as a 'Poopy-Head'
Callista Gingrich on Petraeus: Affairs Are 'Painful' for the Family
Arizona woman runs over her husband for not voting
Judge rules it's ok to tell police officers to "Fuck off". (x-post from /r/worldnews)
Paul Ryan admits to being shocked by election
A Suit That Shows Young People What It Feels Like To Be Old
Man doesn't vote, Obama hating Wife runs over him in a Jeep (both are covered by Obamacare)
A modern-day Rasputin was convicted of brainwashing 3 generations of an aristocratic French family for nearly a decade, swindling them of their fortune.
Arizona woman runs down husband with car for not voting
Florida man describes being shot by police Taser as he sprayed fire with garden hose
Arizona woman runs down husband with car for not voting GOP
Drunken broker buys 69% of oil in the world; doesn't remember
"Every Sunday, Hardy transforms into an alter-ego he calls "Kraken," a name taken from the enormous mythological sea monster."
Grover Norquist says Obama won by calling Mitt Romney a "poopy head"
Fallen acorns a threat to kids with allergies.
Province of B.C. enhances Provincial Emergency Notification Information System [x-post from /r/vancouver]
Supermarket Lidl "destroying the magic of Christmas for kids" by selling reindeer steaks in run-up to Christmas
Was a CIA Drone Responsible for a Mysterious Explosion in Indianapolis?
And Now For The Ultimate In Distracted Driving
Black Ops II PC users unable to install game, finding Mass Effect 2 second disk instead of BOII disk
Homeless man jailed for "theft of city utilities". He was charging his cell phone in a public picnic area.
TSA: Snowglobes Yes, Cakes and Pie Maybe (Barring Inspection)
Teenager looking for cell phone service, falls into snake pit. Bit six times.
ABC airs fake, vulgar Petraeus biography cover by mistake (x-post politics)
ABC station botches Petraeus book cover: 'ALL Up IN My Snatch'
Florissant man clinging to life after fight during washer tournament
TSA to Test Cakes and Pies
Chinese Hospital Offers Handsfree Sperm Extraction Device
'GIF' named word of the year by Oxford American Dictionary
Teacher accused of turning a student into a lesbian (Xpost from r/ainbow)
Middle school boys suspended after masturbating in a gay porn test
Texas and the south trying to secede.... again
Oklahoma To Ban [children's game] "Duck Duck Goose."
Delta kicks musician out of Sky Miles program for buying his instrument its own seat.
An official stole $53 million from a town of 19,000 and no one noticed for 16 years. She spent the money on her hobby of raising quarter horses.
Jill Kelley (Petraeus) Thinks She's An "Honorary Consul" - Business Insider
In 37 Chicago Precincts, Romney Received No Votes
People 'unliking' Romney on Facebook.
Wisconsin legislators say they would back a bill to arrest any federal officials who attempt to implement President Obama's signature health care law in the state.
Shanghai firm hires pretty women as condom testers | gbtimes
American Misogyny Peaks As 12 Year Old Sex Abuse Victim Is Blamed
Internet broker suspends risk managers for taking risks
Chinese man sues wife after 'ugly' baby born
No, ABC Denver, Paula Broadwell's Book is Not Titled 'All Up In My Snatch'
Cool Florida Principal Investigates Straight Teacher For Turning Student Into Lesbian-Gay
3 Mississippi pilots die in crash on way to FAA safety conference
Giant "BattleTech Marauder" robot photoshopped into exam sat by 5700 students in Australia
Bill O'Reilly becomes self aware. Says on air "There are entire media operations that exist solely to promote ideology."
Pregnant Woman Allegedly Runs Over Husband For Not Voting
British pilot Douglas Bader flew fighter planes during WWII even though he had no legs. He became a POW after being shot down, and tried to escape so many times the Germans threatened to take away his prosthetic legs.
Unhappy Americans ask to secede from US
Ultra-fast moving UFO captured on film... by CNN.
Americans Are as Likely to Be Killed by Their Own Furniture as by Terrorism
School in lockdown after mobile phone autocorrects 'gunna go to school' to 'GUNMAN' in text
Man steals Chinese food delivery car, continues to make deliveries while pocketing the money.
Florida man who warned he wouldn't 'be around' if Barack Obama was reelected kills himself after the election
French Senate passes 'Nutella tax' in hope of cutting down obesity
Gallup is blaming Nate Silver for their failure to predict the election accurately
Drunk security guard arrested for sexually assaulting sleeping co-worker while on duty.
Texas School District Cancels Play About Same-Sex Penguin Parents
Marijuana Dealer Donates Proceeds To Hurricane Sandy Victims
Treasured ashes saved from fire
Toyota Ad About Escaping Nanny State Tyranny Shut Down By Nanny State Tyranny
Papa John's Allegedly Sent 500,000 Illegal Text Messages To Customers
Surrounded by Seattle liberals, tea-party group feels isolated | Local News | The Seattle Times
UN Security Council meets to discuss possible emergency meeting
Internet Explorer becomes Korean election issue
Top Georgia GOP Lawmakers Host Briefing on Secret Obama Mind-Control Plot
There Are Too Many Lady Senators to Fit in the Bathroom at One Time
Man Injects Penis With Olive Oil, Gets Penis Cancer
The Virginia State Board of Education set an acceptable passing rate in math at 82 percent for Asian students, 68 percent for whites, 52 percent for Latinos, 45 percent for blacks and 33 percent for kids with disabilities
Gay Republican commits suicide because of Obama victory
Wake Up, Boehner. Morning Bells Are Ringing: The Dems Won
"White people are very complicated. ... Why do ya'll write everything down?" -Whoopi Goldberg, on the Petraeus scandal.
School bans Movember moustache due to it not including females
M.I.T. Begins (Basketball) Season Ranked No. 1, and It's Not a Mathematical Error
GOP chairman Charlie Webster to investigate 'black people' voting as potential fraud
Herman Cain: "Stupid People are Ruining America"
Frito-Lay Is Jacking Up Cracker Jacks -- With Caffeine
Tarzan to be an interracial buddy-cop movie starring Alexander Skarsgard & Samuel Jackson
Man faces trial for feeding police horses sausage rolls
Rowdy Justin Bieber Fans Force Cops to Rethink Barclays Center Security
200 Samsung executives set to meet next month to discuss war with Apple
Man to stand trial for 'trying to feed sausage rolls to police horses'
Justin Trudeau Ready to Fight 100 Duck Sized Horses.
Maine GOP official questions legitimacy of black voters. "Everybody has a right to vote, but nobody in town knows anyone who's black. How did that happen?"
School bans Movember for not being 'inclusive' to girls.
School bans Movember because girls can't grow facial hair.
Pro-Life Tennessee GOP Congressman and his now ex-wife had 2 abortions
Maine's GOP Chair Now Says He's Not Racist Because He Plays Basketball with a Black Guy - Politics - The Atlantic Wire
A train does what the horror of war can't
Woman denied haircut, files human rights complaint
Caffeinated Cracker Jacks concerns consumer group
Republicans run from Romney - The Washington Post
White House scrubs petition to 'punch Grover Norquist in the dick'
Ex Neo-Nazi regrets joining Taliban as a Jihadist
Republicans skip Benghazi hearing; complain about lack of information on Benghazi
Pentagon wants to know: 'Did Jesus die for Klingons too?
Georgia GOPers hold meeting over Obama mind-control conspiracy
They nailed it! Paula Broadwell voted 'most likely to be remembered' in high school - NY Daily News
Fury over doc who let 15-year-old cut into patient
Ohio drug defendant asks judge for 1 more joint
Man attempts to use counterfeit $100 bill Abe Lincoln's face to buy socks at Target.
Taliban Oops Reveals Mailing List IDs
Guy Who Started Alabama Secession Petition Most Just Wants His Topless Car Wash Back
Mike Ritze, Oklahoma Lawmaker, Erects Ten Commandments Monument With Spelling Errors (x-post from r/politics)
Mom Gives 7-Year-Old Daughter a Boob Job for Her Birthday
Maine GOP Head Suspects Voter Fraud Because 'Dozens, Dozens Of Black People' Voted
Woman Seeks Sign to Memorialize Fish Killed in Traffic Accident: LAist
Oklahoma State Capitol Erects Ten Commandments Monument With Spelling Errors.
Wisconsin Mom Fights To Have Song Removed From Faith No More Album
Taliban Forgets to use BCC, Reveals its Entire PR Mailing List
Taliban Accidentally Reveal Identities of Their Mailing List Members
Lawyer uses all his hard drive space on his new Surface, sues Microsoft.
Public masturbator to cops: Wait 'til I'm finished
Alanis Morissette music leads to domestic violence
After three years, a monument to The 10 Commandments is unveiled at Oklahoma's state capital... with a typo
India textbook says meat-eaters lie and commit sex crimes
Lamborghini Party Promoter Tried To Airlift Yacht To Austin's Lady Bird Lake
Apple Now Owns the Page Turn
Meat-eaters commit 'sex crimes'
Oklahoma GOP places monument of 10 commandments on state capitol building, riddled with spelling errors
UDDER MADNESS: Justin DeLoach Accused of Shooting Cows in Face and Rump
Ikea says sorry to East German political prisoners forced to make its furniture
'Twilight' movie theater shooting plot in Missouri foiled, police say
District Attorney admits that he once acted in porn films
Violent J of Insane Clown Posse diagnosed with skin cancer | The Internet Chronicle
Man with strange watch arrested at Oakland Airport
Lizards startle U.S. Secret Service
Gov. Chris Christie smells setup, won't answer Twinkie query
Obama Voters No Longer Allowed at Pinetop Gun Store -- "Effective Immediately" - Phoenix
Alabama secessionist blames government for closing topless carwash
Gun shop owner takes out full page ad in local paper warning Obama voters to stay away from his store
Tyler Alred Sentenced To Go To Church After Manslaughter Conviction
Donkey banned from running in Ecuador council elections | Metro.co.uk
Actual Headline: "Peter Pan and Superman fined after scuffle over bid to grope nun"
Utah paperboy, 14, attacked by ferocious goat named Voldemort
Teenage Gamers Better At Simulated Surgery Than Medical Residents
Republic Police: Man with child porn called us, fearing FBI
Kids either pass the spelling test or have their faces scribbled on with green, red and purple permanent markers
Monkey Dies From Blow to Head After Zoo Break-Insue
Monkey Dies From Blow to Head After Zoo Break-In
New Indiana Law Allows Citizens to Shoot Police Officers
Ohio elementary school holds mock slave trial. Auctions of black student to white students.
Police: Deputy Shoots At Disabled Man Waving Gun Made Of Legos
Breast Cancer Survivor "Bad for Business" (x-post r/technology)
Madonna bares butt to raise cash for Sandy victims
Cats bringing out the soft side of inmates
BBC News - Bank of Scotland machine gives out extra cash in Rutherglen
BBC News - Drunk man in Australia attempts to ride crocodile
BBC News - Drunk man in Australia attempts to ride crocodile named Fatso
Alabama Secessionist Blames Government for Closing Topless Car Wash
Husband Sees Hippo Bite Out Wife's Heart
Transit ticket machines reject new polymer Canadian $20 bills
Conclusive proof: Sex is more enjoyable than Facebook - CNET News
Infant On Runway At Phoenix Airport
It is now ILLEGAL to wear Guy Fawkes masks in the UAE
Oklahoma Judge Sentences Teen to Church for 10 Years
A man found naked in a field amongst cow dung and mud had been sexually pleasuring himself
Man drinks himself to death while watching Twilight
A GOP cure: Sarah Palin for president in 2016
Robert Pattinson wants to do Twilight porn parody
Firefighters accidentally sprayed with sewage from helicopter - Digital Spy
State highway safety chief has long driving record, recent accident
Android 'cancels birthdays' for people born in December
Picture of killer robot included in Russian revolution final year exam paper
Physicists declare Higgs particle "boring"
According to Russia's Deputy Prime Minister torture chamber and police look well together
Locals Already Camped Out For Black Friday Deals
Australian drunk survives attempt to ride crocodile
Moms Sue Day Care Over Forced Toddler Fights
Golf cart passenger in critical condition after being ejected while texting.
Anti-Gay Christian Lawyer Lady Spread Gospel, Teen Girl's Legs With (Alleged) Cross-Border Child Porn
Man accidentally gives away life savings when he donates old shoes to Goodwill
British man gave cocaine to trick-or-treaters by mistake
Police: Man steals $2.99 piece of chicken from KFC buffet. Suspect still at large.
Something about the face? Cross-dresser arrested in UAE women-only park
Tori Spelling Got Drunk, Kissed A Girl And Puked At Friend's Wedding
Kung fu nuns teach cosmic energy to CERN scientists
Man charged with posing as officer to block traffic
Elmo accuser recants recant (X-post from r/news)
Kung fu nuns teach cosmic energy to CERN scientists [x-post from /r/technology]
FDNY firefighter says he's been ostracized - because he became a vegetarian
SAS-captain defrosted the wings with whiskey (Norwegian article)
Israeli journalist at its finest, fearlessly covering the tragic stories of pets being spooked by the rocket sirens.
Israeli journalism at its finest, fearlessly covering the tragic stories of pets being spooked by rocket sirens.
"No country on Earth would tolerate missiles raining down on its citizens from outside its borders," Says Man Who Regularly Bombs Pakistan and Yemen
Drunk Australian rides crocodile
Kansas City Chiefs cited as cause of fan's death in obit.
Boston Tourist Steals Cannoli At Knifepoint
Woman says sneeze caused her to crash into State Police cruiser on Interstate 95 in Canton
Public Nudity Ban Considered in San Francisco
Meep! Nonsense Word Goes Viral, Gets Students in Trouble
HPD officer slapped by jaywalker - Hawaii News Now
Gus Hooker, 13, prevented by school from participating in Movember
Brothel owner who employs 80 prostitute wins election as county commissioner in Nevada... and he's a Republican.
Hostess To Pay $1.75 Million In Executive Bonuses After Blaming Unions For Bankruptcy
Canadian sex toy industry booming during NHL lockout
Man drinks gas by mistake, smokes, dies, police say
Jerusalem Post journalist sparks controversy after tweeting about pets affected by Gaza conflict - Al Jazeera English
Man mistakenly gives children cocaine instead of sweets to trick or treaters
It's time to ban Christmas presents
Ban 'Killer Robots' Before It's Too Late
Man arrested for telling kids there's no Santa
Parents Should Be Warned of Possible Pot Smoking at The Phish's Upcoming New Year's Eve Concert Series
"Trapped in the Closet" possibly heading to Broadway
Love-rat dad of nine children to eight women who headbutted ex-girlfriend in row over cheese toastie jailed for just 20 days
Woman used skeleton for sex acts, court told - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
Why Trevell Coleman Charged Himself With Murder
Female One Direction fan: I'm having a sex change operation to look like Harry Styles
Police arrest man who told kids Santa isn't real at parade.
Break-in 'suspect' at UT declines french fries, escapes.
Sex and alcohol make you happier than kids and religion, study finds
Sirens cause some pets to suffer from anxiety.
PETA asks Obama to skip turkey pardoning
Why Ke$ha's New Memoir Is 2012's Answer to 'The Feminine Mystique'
Jobless Swedes paid to move to Norway
Woman injures soccer player with flare hidden inside her vagina
Woman calls cops about noise from Salvation Army bell ringers
Google Promises To Bring December Back To Android 4.2 "Soon"
Rampaging rooster attacks girl
Final Fantasy XIV Producers Uncertain About Including Same-Sex Marriage In The Game
After Cutting Tax Credit For Children, Michigan Republicans Consider One For Fetuses | ThinkProgress
Cameron Diaz says every woman secretly wants be objectified.
Moscow Bans 'Political Repression' Protest - 'No Such Thing'
Oprah Tweets Her Love For Microsoft Surface Using An iPad
Reddit CEO sells Reddit for around 5 Million, 235 Million less than what Reddit is actually worth
Open defecation must not be ignored | The Jakarta Post
Extremely Rich Wall Street CEO wants Americans to Work Longer, retire older
Penn State Takes Down A Photo Of Elmo Being Given A PSU T-Shirt
Wiener gets public nudity banned in San Francisco
LGBT group cancels protest because church is 'too nice'
As Not Seen on TV, Restaurant Review: Guy Fieri's American Kitchen & Bar in Times Square by Pete Wells
Sex vid reality star flogs her goods in holy city of Mecca
"A judge has sentenced a teen to 10 years of church attendance" [For manslaughter]
FBI seeks public's help to identify 'Thou Shalt Not Steal Bandit'
Japanese Politician Argues For Nuclear Weapons
Athens man arrested after pretending Taser is penis
Does anyone have pets who are freaking out because of the rocket sirens?
Baltimore City Hall seeks donated Christmas Tree.
NatWest chase dog called Noodles for overdraft payment
Kids turned away from church (because preacher is a registered sex offender)
School officials freak out over 5th grader riding public bus - Greater Greater Washington
Neighbour guilty of racially abusing New Zealand-born woman by calling her a 'stupid fat Australian'
Anti-Prostitution link brings people to porn site
Picked This up in a shop in Santa Fe, made a guy cry for 10 minutes
'God is the clouds,' a son advises his pondering mom
Moscow bans protest against political repression due to "lack of political repression.'
Microsoft accidentally gifts pirates with a free Windows 8 Pro license key
Tea Party Nation Still Trying To Make Romney President
Shocker: New Study Finds that People Enjoy Sex and Drinking Alcohol
Church bans kids so they can keep child molesting pastor
Study: People Enjoy Having Sex and Drinking Alcohol
Apparent meth lab leads to Walmart evacuation
Michigan bill would allow expecting parents to claim fetuses as income tax exemptions
Overly Attached Girlfriend Impersonates Computer in Samsung Ad
'Boring 2012' Conference becomes a complete sell-out
Three Perfect Days: Tel Aviv
Kiwi called 'stupid fat Australian', neighbour fined
Taliban accidentally CCs everybody on its mailing list
Michigan Considers Fetus Tax Credit Bill After Slashing Tax Credits for Actual Children
To counter the "Terrible Towels" of the Pittsburgh Steelers fans, the Cleveland Browns will be passing out white flags.
Mass. Highway-safety director "reassigned" due to 34 entries on her driving record.
Woman uploads 12 million pictures of her trip to Europe on Facebook
Osteoporosis drug tied bone fractures
Joe Biden to Hurricane Victims:"You've Got a Homeboy in the Deal Who Gets It"
Homeland Security spent $430M on radios its employees don't know how to use
Marijuana Vending Machine Maker's Stock Skyrockets and Everybody Freaks Out
Marijuana dispenser machine company's stock gets really, really high, man
Police Raid 9-Year-Old Pirate Bay Girl, Confiscate Winnie The Pooh Laptop
Violent J of Insane Clown Posse diagnosed with skin cancer
The Church of England can no longer continue as an arm of the state By voting against women bishops, it has shown itself to be a discriminatory organisation that seeks to be above the law
Woman Charged For Allegedly Having Sex With Skeleton In Sweden
Limrick man tried to jump patrol car on horse
South Pacific Sandy Island 'proven not to exist'
With grocery prices soaring, hospital cafeteria has become city's hottest dining destination
Man sues movie theater... for $7
Saudi Arabia implements electronic tracking system for women
Peace, turkey pardoned by President Obama last Thanksgiving, euthanized
Ed Hochuli Reviewed An Un-Reviewable Play And Then Said He Did Not Review It Because It Was Un-Reviewable
How rich people think...
Rename Mexico as Mexico, says Mexican president
Hacker Steals Entire Nation's Identity
M. Night Shyamalan chooses not to direct the movie the Life of Pi because it "has kind of a twist ending." [Xpost TIL]
Postcard mailed during WWII arrives at NY home
Baku FC name 21-year-old as manager based on computer game experience
In one Chinese province, the government literally paves a highway around homeowners who refuse to move
Complaints About Turkey Attacks on the Rise in Brookline, MA
Deer attacks two men, then takes man's cigarettes
Pregnant fish stolen from tank in home breakin in Adelaide's southern suburbs
Clown gives CPR to dying clown husband in front of crowd at Macy's Thanksgiving parade.
Fiona Apple cancels tour to be with dog [X-post from r/upliftingnews]
Road built around house as Chinese couple refuse to move
Be thankful for turkey cooking patents
Toronto Acorn Mom Cracks
Logitech Launches Unique 'Zynga Mouse' that Clicks 10 times per Click.
Black Friday shopper takes home TV, forgets to take home toddler
Duquesne Light blames squirrel for Beaver outage
Whitehall is closed off because a naked man climbed up a statue and threw a sword at police
Customer sues after painful male dominatrix mix-up
Japan's Population Now So Old That Sales Of Adult Diapers Exceed Those For Babies
Police: 2 University of Iowa wrestlers arrested for illegally hunting rabbits on campus to make caps
U.N. Report Advocates Teaching Masturbation to 5-Year-Olds
Justin Bieber Receives Medal From Canadian Prime Minister
Neighbors: Postcard mailed in 1943 finally delivered to Elmira
Research links neck beard growth with high IQ's
Heart Attack Grill customer suffers a heart attack while dining on their 'Triple Bypass Burger'
Police call body found shot in the head, tied up in a sack, and floating in a river, a "complex suicide"
Man shoots wife, then drops her off at hospital
Shoplifting suspect leaves weave in store
New Jersey coaster submerged by superstorm Sandy may stay as tourist attraction
Nintendo President Satoru Iwata meets with team to discuss Miiverse penis drawing detection software [X-post from /r/gaming]
Female college students do marathon pole dancing sessions for charity
When "extreme couponing" gets real.
Cops puzzled by 'free dope' left on roadside
Britain's House of Lords member Lord Gilbert advised his government to drop a neutron bomb in the border areas of Pakistan and Afghanistan
Woman Drives 100 MPH In A 30 Because God Tells Her To
Councillor slams Halfords' pink bikes for girls
Andrew W.K. Named Cultural Ambassador to the Middle East by U.S. Department of State
Pakistani Lawyers become Thugs, Beat and Terrorize Cops, Judges and witnesses in their black suits and ties
Dollar Tree cashier attacks customer for using too many coupons
Fan Tries To Trade Candy For Eagles Tickets
Man goes on tractor rampage
Man busted for driving drunk to police station to pick up drunk friend (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Brush fire breaks out behind water park
Thanksgiving parade confetti contained secret police documents
Confidential Police Docs Found in Macy's Parade Confetti Spark Investigation
Angler dies after a fish he had just caught swam down his throat and choked him to death. (xpost from /r/offbeat)
Man uses the "they were burglars" excuse after shooting two teens
Gordon Ramsay's Dwarf Porn Double Found Dead In A Badger Den
2 Drivers, 1 Car, 2 DUIs
Woman Steals Ex-Boyfriend's Sperm, Has Twins, Sues For Child Support
Did Jesus die for Klingons, too? The Pentagon wants to know
Bizarre Muppet-Like Beast Discovered In Namibia [Photo]
Florida woman arrested for riding an endangered manatee
Man claims he is too fat to be executed.
South Korea pays homage to rich toilet culture.
Andrew W.K. & U.S. Department Of State: Entertainer Named Cultural Ambassador To The Middle East
Cleveland Browns decide to cancel white-flag promotion
China's 50-Cent Feud Leads to a Rumble
Moscow bans protest against political repressions 'due to lack of political repressions' - RT
Cleveland Browns cancel white 'surrender' flag giveaway
Elderly residents conned by "grandchild" impersonators
Snoop Dogg is now endorsing Hot Pockets with the new "Pocket Like It's Hot" campaign.
BBC News - Macy's parade: 'Shredded police papers in confetti'
Man Arrested After Telling Kids Santa Isn't Real
Naked Man Charged With Possessing Offensive Weapon
Florida woman arrested for allegedly riding manatee.
Nick Jr. Suspends Production On 'The Almighty Muhammad's Porkalicious Toon Jihad'
After the Presidential election, Kentucky teacher writes on chalkboard, "You can't be a Democrat & go to Heaven." (X-Post r/politics).
Walmart employees kill man who attempted to shoplift (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Former spy sues police for 'failing to stop him falling in love' (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Paris Hilton opens store in Mecca
Cambridge to open 'Terminator Centre' to study threat to humans from artificial intelligence (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Crowd of 300 sexually assaults three women in Tahrir Square
Andrew W.K. to Speak at My Little Pony Convention
Casey Anthony Detectives Overlooked 'Fool-Proof Suffocation Methods' Google Search
The war on men.
Bounce house-related injuries on the rise in U.S
Missouri boy shot while discussing gun safety with dad
The U.S. Department of State of has named Andrew W.K. the Cultural Ambassador to the Middle East. The performer's website reports that W.K. will visit the Middle East "to promote partying and positive power."
Man gives loaded gun to 2 year old son. Son shoots and kills father.
Congressional Black Caucus Discovers Entire English Language is a Racist Code Word
Fasting can be an effective method for quickly losing unwanted pounds.
Study Reveals People Like Drinking Beer And Making Love
Police documents found in Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade confetti, including undercover officers' identities
Europe mulls banning boxes for abandoned babies (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
President Obama Briefly Worried That His Unaccountable, Murderous Power Might Fall Into Republican Hands
Spanish politician under fire for posing with hacked off deer testicles on his head.
Sex Toy Sales Up In Canada Due To NHL Lockout, Retailers Say
Minecraft to aid UN regeneration projects - Development plans for 300 places around the world are being modeled in Minecraft so residents can help decide how the locations will change.
Christian Group Says Demon Sex Makes You Gay
Bounce houses injure a U.S. child every 46 minutes, study finds
Franziska Hansen, 'Charged With Attempted Murder After Tim Schmidt Claims She Tried To Smother Him With 38DD Breasts
Report: U.S. Planned On Blowing Up Moon With Nuke During Cold War In 1950s
FL man choked to death in roach-eating contest
Article: Condemned inmate not too fat to be executed, court rules
'Two and a Half Men' star urges viewers to stop watching 'Two and a Half Men'
Couple stands ground in standoff
Nearly 500 pounds of marijuana found on Texas school bus
Mitt Romney's final vote tally nears 47 percent
Toronto fired the greatest mayor of ALL TIME
The Unbearable Whiteness of White Meat
Man in suit made of bread attacked by flock of seagulls
Kim Jong-un named Sexiest Man Alive for 2012
Man arrested after trying to sell a milk crate full of stolen meat at a hookah house
Two men steal liquor truck, forget to turn off GPS with tracking abilities
Roach-eating contest winner choked to death
Shopper who pulled gun at San Antonio mall to stop someone from cutting in line within rights, cops say.
Planned Parenthood Offers Black Friday Discount
Woman convicted of murder led hospital staff to body by playing game of "hot and cold." (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Pentagon: A Human Will Always Decide When a Robot Kills You
Charisma: Demon Rape Can Make You Gay
Michigan Republicans Propose Tax Credit For Fetuses ... After Eliminating Tax Credits For Actual Children
7 Arizona inmates treated for suspected botulism from prison hooch (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Family Members Drown After Jumping Into Ocean to Save Dog; Dog Survives
Belgian man discovers wife of 19 years was born a man...
Reindeer poo earrings sold
Erotic Zoos Prompt Germany To Reinstate Bestiality Laws
I caught my teen watching internet porn
Carnival Cruise Line Bans Dressing in Drag for "Drag Stars at Sea" Cruise
Hungary far-right leader demands lists of Jews
Swedish skeleton lover wants her bones back
China's party paper falls for Onion joke about Kim
Whole family drowns trying to rescue dog. Dog gets out of the water on its own.
Florida sends out survey via e-mail to women asking about their sex lives. Doesn't include any distinction of age before sending it (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Carnival Cruises Bans Drag Costumes from RuPaul's Drag Race Themed Cruise
Man threatens neighbor with chainsaw, but then is unable to get it to start (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
'Negro Bill Canyon' not only Utah site with questionable name
Man Faces Death Threats and Jail for Pointing Out That Weeping Jesus "Miracle" Is Just Faulty Plumbing
Mom drives away with 5-week-old baby on top of car.
The iPhone 5 is Bing's most-searched news story for 2012
Islamic fundamentalists in Libya arrest a dozen men for being gay, promise to "ride them like camels" as punishment
Santorum's new cause: opposing the disabled
Two alligators, a pole dancer and pot at Olympia area shooting scene
Carnival Cruises allegedly bans "drag" on drag cruise
Outrage after popular students are found murdered in man's basement after 'they robbed his home on Thanksgiving' (x-post from r/misc)
Parents Name Their Newborn Daughter 'Hashtag'
Boise pot bust disrupts Arkansas disc golf champs life
Republican Congressional candidate, a 'family matters' conservative, arrested for slapping his wife weeks after losing election
Someone Named Their Baby "Hashtag"
Naked protesters chant "Budget cuts are really rude, that's why we have to be so lewd" in House Speaker John Boehner's office
Man issued citation for being hit by his own truck (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
NPR affiliate launches drone program
Brown Friday: Why do people poop in retail stores?
'Two and a Half Men' star finds religion, calls TV show 'filth'
Indian rationalist targets faces jail for revealing 'tears' trickling down a Mumbai church statue came from clogged drainage pipes
Cowboys fans petition President Obama to remove Jerry Jones as owner
Belgian discovers his wife used to be a man after 19 years
Naturists outraged by BBC television program depicting people wearing clothes
Louisiana woman removes lighted 'middle finger' off roof
Rapist Leaves Phone Number for Victim
Driver of Mr Yummy ice cream truck attacks rival ice cream seller Mr Whippy with iron bar.
Driver of Mr Yummy ice cream truck attacks rival ice cream seller Mr Whippy with iron bar (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Kim Jong-Un, the heart-throb
TSA relaxes rules on traveling with snow globes (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Ford once designed a car for women that had a built-in microwave, vacuum, and washer/dryer.
Zoo Keeper Helps Constipated Monkey Pass Peanut By Licking Its Butt For An Hour
Celebrity 'swatting' problem may be tough to swat
Gun Enthusiast Kills 17-Year-Old for Playing Loud Music; Lawyer Says He Acted "Very Responsibly"
Wife forced to remarry husband who threw acid into her face
Emu 'arrested' in North Devon
Nude Protesters Take Over Boehner's Office
Sperm-Hunting Women Prowl Zimbabwe Highways
Man fatally stabbed in dispute over corn dog (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheStupid).
Suspect tells cops he stole school bus to start rap group in Detroit
British Lord Suggests Dropping A Nuke On Pakistan
Project A119 - Americas Plan to blow up the Moon with an Atomic Bomb
Mike Tyson bringing Broadway show to Chicago (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Detroit Red Wings prospect was driving drunk while wearing purple Teletubby outfit - The Washington Post
Male student gang raped by Muslim youth for cross-dressing because of initiation ritual. University's reaction: 'students shouldn't cross-dress anymore because it might provoke certain groups' (cross-post from r/atheism)
The Nasal Spray Created to Bring Women Orgasms
No Person Got Shot, Stabbed, Slashed, or Murdered in NYC Monday
In Russia, Pro-Putin Youths Protest Mormons As 'Cult'
Serbian vampire on the loose
Teacher Charger With Giving Marijuana To Student
Wall Street Professionals Admit: Yes, Lots of Us Are Corrupt
No one reported shot, stabbed or slashed in New York City on Monday, police sources say (X-post from /r/news)
French restaurant owner tells disgruntled patron to f&*ck off on facebook page.
Party king Andrew W.K.'s un-invitation - Salon.com
Glenn Beck fills quart mason jar with his own urine, places toy Obama inside, plans to sell it.
Arteesha Donaldson, South Carolina Woman, Allegedly Assaulted Girlfriend Over Misplaced Sex Toy [Slightly NSFW]
Idaho Lawmaker Promotes Bold New Plan to Elect Romney
NYU student replies-all to 40,000 classmates, sparking 'Replyallcalypse' | The Lookout - Yahoo! News
Man busted for watching TV police show while driving (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Bigfoot real and the result of human women mating with an 'unknown hominin,' claims U.S. study
Comedian Katt Williams allegedly leads police on a tricycle chase in Sacramento
Wings pick gets DUI charge in Teletubby garb. (original link tagline)
Driver 'launched 4-letter tirade' after school children clock him speeding.
Man uses brass knuckles to kill a spider (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Conservative Gun Owners Confused After Obama Hasn't Done Anything To Take Away Guns
Man steals bartender's credit card, tries to use it at his bar (x/post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Proud parents name child 'Hashtag'
Grandson and Grandmother to have a child together. "I never in a million years thought at 72 I'd be 'pregnant' and in love with my grandson"
Brandon Marshall: NFL Players are taking Viagra...On The Field
Tobacco firm reprimanded for plain packaging breach
Suspects Wanted in Ukulele Attack
US had plans to nuke the moon
New York City celebrates day without violent crime
A Serbian council issues public health warning about escaped vampire | The Sun |News
Police at community college near San Diego seek rifles to better protect students; claim handguns lack sufficient range (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Ancient poo gives clues to human impact on environment
bestiality banned in germany zoophile speaks out
Police Say No One Reported Shot, Stabbed or Slashed in NYC on Monday; Cannot Remember Last Time This Happened
Celebrity gossip website TMZ applies for surveilance drone permit
Is My Dog Secretly Gay?
New York City logs murder-free Monday, police say
The old man and the sea: 73-year-old to sail solo around world in 'bathtub' boat
CBS news anchor accidentally calls Prince William a 'douche' instead of a duke (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Arrest report: Detroit Red Wings prospect Riley Sheahan was 'super drunk' in Teletubby costume
German cafe owner sued by Apple after computer firm says her logo is too similar to theirs
Suspect Cries in Court During lotto winner Murder Trial - Why, oh why is it always Florida?
Is Wrestlemania Returning to North Korea?
Woman assaults boyfriend after bad sex (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Serbian village in panic after mayor warns of vampire on the loose...
Man stabbed to death over corndog (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Cracker Jack'd: New version of Cracker Jacks to contain caffeine
Female porn stars have higher self-esteem than other women
Man arrested for robbing banks, says prayer led him to commit the crimes (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Romney supporter has second thoughts about facial tattoo
Alleged kidnapper: I 'didn't mean' to kill baby, grandma
Romney face-tattoo guy says he'll get it removed over "gifts" comment.
AT&T Named Worst Major Cellphone Carrier Again
Man Builds Modern Day Noah's Ark In Wake Of The Mayan Apocalypse (PHOTOS)
NASA Insists World Will Not End on Dec. 21 in 'Mayan Apocalypse'
NFL Players using Viagra as a Performance Enhancer
Joe Biden enjoys himself at opening of D.C. Costco
Women in Hector "Macho" Camacho's life fight at his wake in San Jaun - ESPN
Didier Jambart who said Parkinson's drug made him a 'gay sex addict' awarded Ł160k by French court
Pat Robertson stuns audience by insisting Earth is much older than 6000 years (x-post r/politics)
Pat Robertson Dispels Creationist Idea That Earth Is 6,000 Years Old (x-post r/politics)
TMZ denies it is seeking a drone
Dumb criminal of the week: Meet the job candidate who told the FBI about his child porn stash.
@UN Misfires Tweet on One State Solution
Michael Jordan's Cargo Shorts Get Him In Trouble At Golf Course
North St. Louis County woman steals wallets from son's kindergarten teacher
'Pac-Man' spotted on Saturn's moons
Mideast men go under knife for manly mustaches
Single People Should Get to Have Weddings, Too
Indiana man collects $1M Powerball winnings, plans to take girlfriend to Red Lobster
Facebook 'Likes' Considered Key Evidence In 'Terrorist' Plot
Universal Sues To Stop Fifty Shades Of Grey Porn "Rip-Off"
British politician discovers urine leaking into his office from above, but not to worry, "we've got a bucket underneath."
Burglars trash home, urinate on teen's bed (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Blind drunk diabetic given whisky as cure
Swedish MP accuses the immigrants who helped him back into his wheelchair when he was drunk of stealing his backpack. He actually left it at the bar. (x-post from r/worldnews)
St. Lucie County sheriff's deputy used aggressive driving technique to force woman off the road, flipping her SUV on its side in the process - for doing 57mph in a 55mph zone (from r/politics)
CBCP's CINEMA Endorses Breaking Dawn Part 2 for its Pro-Life Mesage
Court Rules Parkinson's Drug Turned Patient Into A Gay Sex Addict
Five hospitalised and two charged in Gympie after neighbourhood brawl over ownership of a cat
Ukraine duped by con man in billion-dollar gas deal
Man released from jail due to budget cuts immediately robs a bank (xpost /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Iceman (Wim Hof) on climbing Everest: 'It Was Easy'
Romney face tattoo guy wants 'R' removed because Mitt has 'no dignity'
Yoko Ono designs John Lennon tribute LED jockstrap
Lair of King Tongmyong's Unicorn Reconfirmed in DPRK
Breast implants save lives
Chinese Kung-Fu Master defeats 50 men trying to evict him from his home
Attempting to Steal Six-Pack of Olde English, Suspects Accused of Beating Clerk with Ukulele
North Korea Has Found a Secret Unicorn Lair
Five hospitalised after neighbourhood brawl over ownership of cat
World's first toilet park flush with success in Korea
North Korea Has Found a Secret Unicorn Lair, Apparently
"I Don't Like Being Thought of as 'the Metal Gear Guy,'" Says Metal Gear Guy
Rapper Ryan Leslie has his laptop stolen, offers $1 million reward. Refuses to pay when he gets it back
Attorney holds press conference denying accusations of alleged student "butt chugging"
Puppy Room At Dalhousie: University Brings In Dogs For Stress Therapy
Whisky saves man's eyesight after being blinded by vodka
Should the Dallas Cowboys Go Socialist?
GOP Furious That Obama Is Acting Like He Won The Election
Anti-piracy group now going after 9-year-olds
Spokane man kills spider with brass knuckles.
Congressman to ban internet legislation
CIA proud to announce on Earth Day that they save the environment by shredding, and burning classified documents to heat their water.
Hitler's Strange Afterlife in India
Sir, Where's the Gorilla Suit?
North Korean archeologists find ancient Unicorn lair within Pyongyang
Giant burning TV log sends Regina fire crews scrambling
Zurich to open drive-in sex boxes
North Korean archaeologists discover ancient unicorn lair.
It's Official! Gay Republican Running for President | Mother Jones
Peggy Noonan: Why can't Obama just be nicer to Boehner and McConnell?
Bazooka Joe and pals laid off as gum company discovers kids don't like comics
Hofstra Players Rob Home of Head Coach Mo Cassara
Federal judge says 'perpetuation of the human race' justifies Nevada gay marriage ban
North Korean Archeologists Discover Ancient Unicorn Lair
North Korea 'archaeologists' report quite unbelievable discovery of unicorn lair
Buy a jar of Glenn Beck's 'urine' with Obama figurine inside
Bradley Manning on how keeping himself sane was taken as proof of madness by military
New York police officer arrested in plot to kidnap, cook, eat 100 women
US State Department blows up a Christmas Tree in the middle of Washington DC
How Diablo III Told Me My Marriage Was Over
Nolan Daniels prints a fake Powerball ticket and posts a picture on Facebook, fools nearly 1,000,000 people
'Enormously insensitive' to hurt God's feelings by not using oil
North Korea Announces Proof Of Unicorns
Backward butt implant video shows dangers of cheap plastic surgery
Single wild turkey causes major traffic backups in Lansing (x-post from r/Michigan)
Bryan Fischer: 'Enormously insensitive' to hurt God's feelings by not using oil
North Korean news agency claims unicorn lair of ancient leader discovered
Ambulance gets 'booted' while paramedics tend to emergency
Police: Truck driver sneezes, crashes into 10 cars
Chinese artist tries to blow up tree on National Mall
A Complete Guide to the Justin Bieber and Phish Bromance
Judge gives Lorain man 3 days in jail for wearing saggy pants in court
Ex-Stripper Turned Ministry Leader, Claims Sex With Demons Causes Homosexuality
[META] Building a Better /r/nottheonion - December
U.S. Air Force sticking to plans to buy 1,763 F-35 jets
Man steals credit card, uses it to buy cigarettes. Returns to the same store to use it again, while a police report is being taken. (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
48-year-old New Ross man is charged with walking into an RCMP station with cocaine in his pants pocket
Man who grew up in foster care because of abusive father discovers his long-lost mother is record-holding bearded lady
Fifty Shades of Grey porn 'rip-off' spurs legal action
Harvard approves student group devoted to kinky sex on campus
Bahrain police deploy teargas at anti-Kim Kardashian protest
Do Robots Rule the Galaxy?
Germany to ban bestiality, which has been legal since 1969.
Supreme Court to Decide if Human Genes Are Patentable
Dwarf Who Played Gordon Ramsay in Porn Eaten By Badgers
Traveler mistake flight to Auckland, New Zealand for a flight to Oakland CA.
Microsoft Is Building A Poop-Powered Data Center
Hero instructor fought son in arrow attack
NBC win triple gold for London 2012 coverage at Olympic broadcast awards
Updated: "Scientists" uncover global league of mythical creatures [x-post from offbeat]
Christian's year of living 'gay' leads to dramatic change, sparks controversy
Unsupervised 4 year old shoots 2 year old (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Zombies are among reasons for increased gun sales (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Bahrain Riot Police Fire Tear Gas At Anti-Kim Kardashian Rioters
Man bites dog, gets hospitalised (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Vampire fears boost garlic sales
Unicorn lair 'discovered' in North Korea
NYPD Proves Street Artist Right by Tracking Him Down and Arresting Him
New Zealand jogger wins right to run while naked (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Dollar Tree Manager beats up Extreme Couponer
West Brom's Liam Ridgewell wipes backside with £20 notes | The Sun |News
Katt Williams slap: Commits not one, but two criminal acts
Police: Man threatened with hatchet on Thanksgiving over Trivial Pursuit question (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Milkshake promoter denies reports of tear gas at Kim Kardashian protest in Bahrain
Sharing 7 Movies on BitTorrent = $1.5 Million Damages
7,500 Online Shoppers Unknowingly Sold Their Souls
Sega Officially Licenses Sonic the Hedgehog Porn for Additional Revenue
Police: Man threatened with hatchet on Thanksgiving over Trivial Pursuit question
Natural Ways To Regulate Menstrual Cycle [PHOTO]
Japanese scientists develop humanoid to keep astronauts company
North Korea: We've Found The Ancient Unicorn Lair
Rogue dentist's 30-year crusade against wisdom teeth removal extracts results
Screams sent into space to test theory
[VIDEO] Gangham Style - O'Reilly's Racist, Confused Analysis.
The Pope's Tweets Are Official Church Doctrine
Man Blind From Vodka Is Cured by Whisky
Importer appeals garlic tax term
Department of Homeland Security's New Headquarters to be Housed in Abandoned Insane Asylum
Vatican unveils Pope's Twitter handle: @pontifex
Criminal posts on police FaceBook comments about himself (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
White House petitioners want a Death Star by 2016
Lindsay Lohan punched a psychic because she was rejected by a member of The Wanted after a Justin Bieber concert, which is perfect
Dating sites help you find love by browsing reddit, watching lolcats | Ars Technica
Cops pleads guilty to 10 charges, gets 15 days in jail.
Man who booted ambulance issued citation, fired
Vote to take away your vote on Facebook
Obama's popular vote lead expands, Romney ironically falls to 47 percent
Vice.com Publishes Exclusive with John McAfee, Reveals Location In iPhone Metadata
Movie Studios Ask Google To Censor Their Own Films, Facebook and Wikipedia
Kobe Bryant: 'I'll kick everybody's ass in this locker room' if Lakers don't improve. (x-post from r/NBA)
German lawyer claims 38DD girlfriend tried to smother him to death with her breasts
Woman voices concerns about how "Deer-Crossing" signs are encouraging deer to cross busy roads instead of low traffic places.
Entire Ukraine government resigns
Russian Traffic Jam Strands Drivers for 3 Days
Man steals a pig statue from a restaurant, poses for pictures with it and posts them to FaceBook (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Conservapedia: E=mc2 Is A Liberal Conspiracy
President Obama considering appointing Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour ambassador to Britain or France to reward her fundraising efforts
Amsterdam to create 'scum villages'
Massachusetts city announces: turn in your guns, get a free flu shot!
Woman robs bank, brags about it on YouTube (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Woman Files False Rape Claim Because She '"Didn't Enjoy It"
Study finds social networking taking up toilet time
Bored Mitt Romney has Boston Market for Thanksgiving
Unemployed Couple Chooses to Have a Baby, Nation in a Frenzy
Olsen Twins Designer Bag Lined With Prescription Drugs Sell for $55k Each
US warden suspended amid alleged hot sauce abuse
China prepares to grow vegetables on Mars
Husband spikes wife's cigarette, develops 15 point plan to get her addicted to meth in hopes that she will better understand why he likes it so much
Geniuses at WND are concerned that President Obama might build a 'Death Star'
SF-Based Porn Company Offers Sex-Ed Classes With Live-Demonstrations
Pizza Hut debuts pizza-scented perfume
"Erotic Zoos Prompt Germany To Reinstate Bestiality Laws" - HuffPo
Three Injured After Car Hits Brown's Collision Center
Defense Department Overclassifies Memo On Avoiding Overclassification
Guidance counsellor at a Catholic school "found with 50 bags of heroin and 150 needles while selling drug from her home"
College says "Men Working" sign is sexist. Construction crew forced to stop work until sign is removed.
One in four Americans has an opinion about an imaginary debt plan
Beyond 2012: Why the World Won't End
Texas Church Offers Firearms Classes to Defend Against Imaginary Bands Of Mexicans
The New Orleans Hornets are changing their nickname to the Pelicans
MITT ROMNEY HITS COSTCO, Buys Toy Car - Manufactured in China
Dick Cheney's heart to get its own memoir
Israeli forces kill axe-wielding Palestinian in West Bank
Man arrested for throwing homeless man's rabbit into the river.
Man shots girlfriend over whether AMC's "The Walking Dead" is possible
The US Military Approves Bombing Children
Builders forced to stop construction until 'sexist' Men Working signs removed
19-year old woman steals car, robs a bank brags about it on YouTube. Gets arrested.
Young boy spends family's life savings on candy.
New Orleans Hornets change nickname to Pelicans
Judge orders man not to drive, man leaves courthouse, gets behind the wheel of his car, is arrested
Eau de Pizza Hut - Pizza Hut releases a perfume
Habitual traffic offender arrested as he drove from court
Did the Mayans Predict the Fiscal Cliff?
Aundrea Aragon nearly killed by leaking brain fluid, a rare condition
Neo Nazi Girl Group Cured of their Hate With Marijuana
Cuban administration embarks on a battle against reggaeton
Snake on a plane forces emergency landing
Bristol University's Christian Union Bans Women From Speaking At Meetings
Missing 60ft snowman recovered in Wicklow - RTÉ News
Mercer Island police officer shoots self in the butt
Cops thwart doughnut shop robbery
18th-century French chateau bulldozed 'by mistake'
Homeless Man Says He's Grateful for Boots but He's Barefoot Again
Handyman kidnapped, forced to do repair jobs
Man loses drug stash, asks a cop for help (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Man Shoots Girlfriend in Fight Over "The Walking Dead": Police
Louisiana Town Evacuated after 6 Million Pounds of Explosives Discovered
"Merry Christmas, Charlie Brown" performance cancelled over atheist outrage (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Woman boasts of stealing car, robbing bank in YouTube video
City birds use cigarette butts to smoke out parasites.
Driving school for dogs in New Zealand
EgyptAir Snake On Plane: Flight 610 Makes Emergency Landing After Passenger Bitten By Snake
Mark Wahlberg challenges Tie Domi to boxing match
Why a Falling Birth Rate Is a Big Problem
Florida observes Older Driver Safety Awareness Week
Red Cross Delivers Trashbag Of Broken Hamburgers To Sandy Victims
Pensioner who went blind after drinking vodka has his eyesight saved by a bottle of whiskey
New York City Hits Sandy Victims With 'Failure To Maintain' Property Citation
China's new leaders ban red carpets, pomp and 'empty speeches'
Wife kills abusive husband in self-defense only to discover 'he' was actually a woman wearing prosthetic penis!
'Walking Dead' fan shoots girlfriend who wouldn't get serious about zombie attacks.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un surprised observers today by abruptly cancelling his nation's controversial rocket test and launching a fragrance instead.
Lemon Juice, one of three men charged with photographing alleged molestation vic on the stand, says he's being squeezed
New Orleans Hornets to change name to Pelicans
Facebook takes down picture: Woman in bathtub had big elbows not breasts
Student punished for Spaghetti Beliefs
Enslaved Children Freed After Being Forced to Make Christmas decorations
North Korea Readies Latest Rocket ... But Still Sucks At Rocketry
Lauren Adkins, Las Vegas Student, To Marry Robert Pattinson Cardboard Cut-Out For Thesis Project
Truck stop dino stolen in Montana
North Korea claims discovery of 'Unicorn Lair'
PM Julia Gillard Addresses the End of the World
For hire: 4 Justin Bieber lookalikes
Julia Gillard: 'The end of the world is coming'
Man Shoots Girlfriend in the Back for Not Taking the Possibility of a Zombie Apocalypse Seriously
Liberals stole my Oscar! - Salon.com
Man admits role in foiled, cat-related murder plot
At 450 pounds, Ohio Killer fights execution with weight
Celebrities And The Senate: Would Ashley Judd Stand A Chance?
Nebraska Woman Jailed After 'I Robbed a Bank' YouTube Video
Man put sign in front yard proclaiming 'Sex Offender Till The Day I Die'
Trooper fired for filing his reports on ebonics (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
This year's top 20 weirdest news stories from Florida (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
21-year old gamer lands a job as a football manager after playing Football Manager
Pizza Hut has created and released limited edition pizza perfume
Newspaper covers suspect's eyes to protect his identity on the front page. Forgets to so on the page with the actual story (x-post from /r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Homeland Security grants used for simulated zombie attack.
Fake Penis Prosthetic "Fails to Fool Parole Officer, Who Seizes Device"
Australian Prime Minister Announces The End Of The World.
there is a new Klan in town and they're not racist?
Man spends 30 years as a student
Texas burglary suspect calls 911 on homeowner with gun
Trainers teach dogs to drive cars
Julia Gillard, Australian prime minister, admits apocalypse is coming
Senate report faults San Diego "zombie" exercises.
Blaming the cat is pretty much reddit sacrilegious.
Woman sits on boyfriend's toilet for 2 years
Burglar calls 911 when homeowner pulls gun on him (xpost from r/Texas)
Illinois man admits role in foiled, cat-related murder plot
Wiz Khalifa Would Choose Amber Rose Over Smoking Weed
US Congress bans word 'lunatic' in federal legislation
Ontario school using stickers to cover student's genitals in yearbook
Chad Greenway wants drunk Dome (ESPN)
Mitch McConnell Filibusters His Own Bill To Lift Debt Ceiling
Obese American death row inmate says he is too fat to execute
Saudi Arabia Rejects Pakistani Diplomat Whose Name Translates to 'Biggest Dick'
Debt Ceiling Bluff Called By Harry Reid, Leaving Mitch McConnell To Filibuster Himself
Man pulled over by cops, gives a fake name... The name of a man with a warrant out for his arrest
Charmin donates TP to Detroit because the city can't pay for it.
Harvard Kids Now Just Dousing Themselves in Milk for Fun
Sen. Tom Coburn blasts homeland security spending as wasteful in report citing zombie apocalypse training.
Man sentenced for selling fake Justin Bieber tickets
Apple hires former Windows employee to strengthen OS X
Sudan nabs Israeli 'spy' vulture
Mall Santa fired for being grumpy. He told a 6 year old girl who asked for a doll that she would get a football instead.
'Walking Dead' Fan Shoots Girlfriend for Calling Show Unrealistic
Boulder cop suspected of driving drunk was department's DUI officer
Ronald Post, Obese Death Row Inmate, Fights Execution In Ohio
Burglar calls 911 to save himself from gun-wielding homeowner
Deputies: Man stole money from driver's bra
LAPD Comander sends an e-mail out with an order to make more arrests. Accidentally e-mails it to a reporter at a local news station
Dootha Paata Paadudee - Raj Prakash Paul
Senators to Screen 'Lincoln', Seek a Waiver for Popcorn
Men who have cancer more likely to die from it
Police wish suspected Gang Members a Happy Christmas
John Travolta used Scientology voodoo to 'heal' a car crash victim in Shanghai
China to flatten 700 mountains for new metropolis in the desert
'Build us a Death Star, President Obama' demand thousands
Mitch McConnell Filibusters His Own Bill
rap romántico (lista de reproducción)
South African orphanage 'too white' for donations
The department's going to give you a generous grace period to help you adjust to this brave, new, and maybe kinda stoned world we live in.
President Obama: The Biggest Government Spender In World History
Duchess of Cambridge hoax call nurse assassinated
Millionaire Asks Santa For "Latina girlfriend" via billboard
Kobe Says Many Lakers Were Surprised When Abe Lincoln Died At The End Of Lincoln
Teen sentenced to 10 years of church for manslaughter - U.S. News
Would-be burglar calls for help in Springtown (xpost from r/Texas)
Dolphins Players Feel Patriots' Strategy Was 'Disrespectful', when same play continues working every time. (x-post r/nfl)
Elephant dung coffee: An exotic brew at $50 a pop
Senate passes a bill allowing movie extras to use their pets without filing paperwork - The Hill's Floor Action
'Burglar in a box' story comes to unhappy ending for 911 caller
Noisy Parrot Inspires Beak-Driven 'Bird Buggy'
Vermont bill would fine citizens for NOT having a firearm « Gun Owners of America
A family is refusing to move a grave from the construction site of a skyscraper in China, in the meantime construction continues around the grave.
A man in India is living in exile after being charged with blasphemy for debunking a "weeping Jesus" that was cause by a leaking sewer pipe.
Smoke up, Chickadees! Mother birds line nests with parasite-repelling cigarettes
'Indiana Jones' Lawsuit Seeks Hollywood Profits from Alleged Crystal Skull Theft
Brooklyn couple makes breakup video to announce split to their friends
'Piggyback bandit' banned from sporting events in five states
Fla. police: Man left baby in pit bull's care
Police drone crashes into police SWAT team
West Virginia senator condemns MTV for putting actual West Virginia people on television
North Korea in financial trouble after blowing $100 million on tributes to dead leader Kim Jong-il
China's Copycat Cities (The People's Republic is building life-size European villages)
Coffee from an elephant's gut fills a $50 cup. In the lush hills of northern Thailand, a herd of 20 elephants is excreting some of the world's most expensive coffee.
The Trillion Dollar Coin Solution To The Debt Ceiling - Business Insider
Shopping mall Santa loses his job after telling 3-year-old the Leafs suck
Woman claims she has been bullied over her "killer abs", compiles book of attractive women holding signs shaming fat people to get back at them.
Silvio Berlusconi confirms new Italy PM bid
Gerard Streator, Wisconsin Man, Had Sex With Couch
WVU mascot told to stop using the schools gun to kill bears
Montana Office of Tourism Facebook administrator posts 'F this job' on official page
Don't air your dirty laundry here! Wealthy NYC suburb makes it illegal to hang clothes outside since it looks 'low class'
Man Honors Alimony Payments - But Sends Checks Covered In feces
University of California introduces a modern logo
Mobster uses mass campaign emails from Obama and other politicians in court to 'prove' he's well-connected
Man loses drug money, asks Tucson police for help. A North Carolina man claims he misplaced $20,000 in drug money and asked authorities to write him an excuse note so a Tucson cartel wouldn't kill him.
8-foot-tall Festivus pole made from Pabst beer cans erected 6 feet from Florida Nativity scene
Some fat girls who ordered 3 sodas, 3 steaks, and 3 fries, are offended that "fat girls" was written on their restaurant check.
Indian hotel questioned after Pakistan blind cricket captain consumes acid
US to drop "Catcher in the Rye" from school curriculum in favor of EPA's Recommended Levels of Insulation (says the Daily Telegraph)
Wikipedia Bans Congress [X-Post from /r/todayilearned]
Weiner Poopie Ransom Note for Jesus News [VIDEO]
Pacquiao gets Romney pep talk before Marquez bout
Dead Malibu whale decomposing near stars' homes - latimes.com
Florida junkie snorts a man and 2 dogs.
Off duty cop fires at shoplifter's car as it drives off... with two kids in the backseat
Father swears that someone else put his toddler and infant in his car while he was inside of bar getting drunk
Come inside: the world's biggest sperm bank
Bigfoot Is Part Human, and Here Are the DNA Tests to Prove It, Claims Researcher
Hospitals hit by huge rise in women suffering injuries caused by their vajazzles
After extensive mathematical modeling, scientist declares "Earth is F**ked"
Swedish Diplomat Crosses Legs; Iran Angry
Monkey found alone at Toronto Ikea, wearing coat
Billionaires Warn Higher Taxes Could Prevent Them From Buying Politicians : The New Yorker
Freak accident lands boy in hospital
Patient on way to hospital jumps out of ambulance, dies
Meanwhile, in Canada, a Monkey in a Winter Coat Escapes in an IKEA... - Global - The Atlantic Wire
America's 50 worst state legislatures
Profiting From a Child's Illiteracy
Police concerned with Apple Maps after it leads people into a national park and strands them for up to 24 hours without food or water
Billionaires Warn Higher Taxes Could Prevent Them From Buying Politicians
Shearling Coat-Wearing Monkey Found Wandering Around Canadian Ikea
Angry Over Possession Arrest, Vermont Man Crushes 7 Police Cars With Tractor
Swedish Artist Uses Ashes Of Holocaust Victims To Make Painting
Missouri River water sought by western states
Worker finds bomb 'treasure'
AutoZone worker saves boss from armed robber, gets fired
Turning urine into brain cells could help fight Alzheimer's, Parkinson's
Intelligence Institute Study shows Fox News viewers have an IQ that is 20 points lower than the U.S. National average. - Yahoo! News
Colorado students accused of sickening class with pot-laced brownies
Grandma Status: Alive, Unmedicated
Tennis star Novak buys up world's supply of donkey cheese
iOS 6 maps has been accidentally leading people to the middle of a national park, according to police. Some stranded for 24hrs with no food or water.
Poisoned dog's vomit sends four to Colorado hospital
3 women upset because waiter writes "Fat Girls" in receipt
11-year-old and 7-year-old attempt armed robbery
Syrian Rebels Now Have a Tank Powered by a Playstation Controller
Stylish but illegal monkey found roaming Toronto Ikea
Scientist prove that we prefer having sex and drinking alcohol more than anything else
UK police unable to identify man who fell from sky
Horrors Of Methamphetamines By Rehabs.com Shows Faces Ravaged By Alleged Drug Abuse (PHOTOS)
Novak Djokovic Buying Up World's Supply of Expensive Donkey Cheese
Man kidnaps child to teach father a lesson for leaving son on his own
Portland church parking lot is scene of attempted robbery by 11-year-old armed with pistol
Over 13,000 petition White House to build a Death Star
Local police post mugshots on Pinterest, leading to a 57% boost in arrests
Iran condemns US nuclear test
Ku Klux Klan protests Westboro Baptist Church
Stylish, lost Ikea monkey held by Canadian authorities
Novak Djokovic buys the world's entire supply of donkey cheese
War on Prescription Pain Killers Leads to More Heroin Deaths
Drycleaner Puts "Pro-life" Message on Their Hangers
The Impossible: The sad story of a white family who lost all their luggage while having to see lots of Thai people dying in a tsunami.
I'm no bigot - I once fought a gay boxer, says Tory MP David Davies
Cash-strapped Swaziland urged to hike witch-doctor tax
ESPN to limit coverage of New York Jets QB Tim Tebow
Could 2 platinum coins solve debt crisis?
Pregnant Woman Gets Fired for Taking Too Many Bathroom Breaks
50-year-old 6'6" transsexual basketball player makes college debut
Pregnant Woman Fired For Peeing Too Much
Vulture Apprehended for Espionage
Postpone bowel movement at your own peril
Calls for a ban on helium balloons as world shortage worsens.
Breanna Bond loses 66 pounds with diet and exercise
IFC Honors Sigma Phi Epsilon for Home Depot Incident
Novak Djokovic buys up annual supply of donkey cheese
You gotta be kidding me! Somebody complained about ten years ago about The Hemingway Cats. Now this is going on.
Novak Djokovic is buying the world's entire supply of donkey cheese
Man Dies Getting Lap Dances At El Paso Strip Club
Monkey Wearing a Coat Spotted Outside Canadian IKEA
Scientists Have Discovered An Ancient Lizard That Lived with the Dinosaurs and Named It Obamadon After Obama
Other Nurse Thought It Was Funny
Russian Vodka Consumption Shocks Even Russians
Apple Maps glitch could be deadly, Australian police says
Cathay cabin crew threaten no-smile service
Wheelchair basketball hooligans teargassed in Turkey
Another old one: Gaza zoo replaces zebras with painted donkeys
Artist has work stolen, then displayed in a gallery.
Bill de Blasio says he's proud of his marriage - and his wife's outspoken lesbian past
DARPA Fills Bodies with Foam to Save Lives
Gourmet coffee drinkers pay $50/cup for coffee made from beans processed by elephant digestive systems.
Couple marry after wrong number phone call
Man Who Accidentally Handed Out Cocaine Instead of Halloween Candy Sentenced to Community Service
Scientists plan test to see if the entire universe is a simulation created by futuristic supercomputers
Squirrel adopted by cat still returns to visit Bay County family
Westminster council cracks down on rare and medium-rare burgers
Rovio announces John Cohen as the producer of Angry Birds movie
DARPA makes drones more menacing - by attaching six foot claw
Soulja Boy Named Worst Artist in American Music History
OneRepublic's 'Feel Again' Uses Real and Social Media Heartbeats
Scientists plan test to see if the entire universe is a simulation created by futuristic supercomputers [google cache as the site is down / x-post from r/technology]
'Storage Wars' star says show is rigged
Suspects steal $6 during crime spree
Giant T-rex causes uproar at Aussie golf event
"Hipster Bandit" caught riding bike away from Portland bank.
Tower Bridge forced to open for 50 foot rubber duck
Santa Claus takes photos with families and guns.
Richard Branson 'offered knee in the groin' by Willie Walsh
Children banned from dressing up as gingerbread men... because school says costumes are racist
Alex Rodriguez denies Minotaur rumors, says nothing of Centaur
Belgian Court Rules Tintin Not Racist, Just 'Gentle'
Facebook CEO Admits To Calling Users 'Dumb Fucks'
Man seriously injured when bitten in crotch by dog.
Clackamas Santa 'hit the floor,' keeps cheer
Collared, the cat burglar who can't stop stealing keys thanks to her magnetic tag
Naked sauna rampage forces spa booze limit
Paul McCartney to replace Kurt Cobain in Nirvana reunion
Paul McCartney to replace Kurt Cobain at Nirvana reunion gig
Man dies of heart attack doing Gangnam Style dance at Christmas bash
Smugglers Are Literally Shooting Drugs Out Cannons Towards the US
"Alumnus of the best private high school in America" wants potential employer to understand that it is HE who is rejecting THEM
Hall bitten by Oates
Google's tax avoidance is called 'capitalism', says chairman Eric Schmidt
Man hires real estate agent to take pictures of his home, forgets to hide his pot plants first
Black Meteorologist Fired For Responding to Facebook Question About Her 'Ethnic Hair'
Spain arrests woman with cocaine implants
Luckiest kid in the world turns 12 at 12:12 on 12/12/12
Woman caught shoplifting, claims they were her Christmas presents. What did she steal for her loved ones? A Cher CD, a Richard Marx CD, and Miller Lite
The Government Want to Stop This Guy Boning His Dog | VICE
Irish Man dies after dancing Gangnam Style
Spanish woman claims she owns the sun - and plans to start charging all users. | Mail Online
Paul McCartney subs for Kurt Cobain in Nirvana
West Virginia University mascot gets a citation for killing a bear with his uniform musket
France's prime minister slams wealthy citizens fleeing the country over taxes
Scientists Identify Extinct Lizard Species Named 'Obamadon'
Cuomo, New York Lead Race For Ugliest Gubernatorial Christmas Tree | The Daily Dolt
Christmas party warning after Gangnam Style dance death
COPS: Assassins Plotted to Castrate, Murder Justin Bieber...
Woman realizes cat she rescued is in fact a bobcat.
Tokyo's 'oldest man' dead for 30 years
Assassins Plotted to Castrate and Murder Justin Bieber (Seriously) - Entertainment - The Atlantic Wire
Mormon women plan 'Wear Pants to Church Day'
Texas School District Investigates Muslim Bias in School, Finds Christian Bias Instead
Amsterdam's mayor to ban marijuana at schools
UNLV grad student to marry cardboard cutout of Twilight Star
Chupacabra spotted in Alaska.
Tyree Johnson, McDonald's Worker, Still Makes Minimum Wage After 20 Years Of Service
Agriculture corporations lobbying EPA for entitlements to use the toxic, globally banned methyl bromide on strawberry fields
Husband makes a bad call with the iron
Ikea Monkey Part of new Recruitment Initiative
Physicists To Test If Universe Is A Computer Simulation (x-post /r/worldnews)
Senators Want to Delay Implementation of "Job-Killing" Tax They Voted For.
CFL Team Puts Yule Log On Stadium Video Board; Four People Call Fire Department
Father Carves Pentagram into Son on 12-12-12
New Zealand's 'driving dogs' pass their test
Fox News host: 'Waterboarding? More like awesomeboarding!'
Man mistakes iron for phone and burns his head: 'I mucked things up' - NY Daily News
Dad dies dancing Gangnam Style
Aussie Jesus look-a-like kicked out of darts match
FCC Builds New Complaint Site with Useful Fax Number, No Meddlesome Email Addresses or Online Forms
Plot to strangle and castrate Justin Bieber thwarted by cops | The Sun |News
For mocking Pacquiao online, lawmaker wants Justin Bieber banned from the Philippines
Man dies of heart attack after doing Gangnam Style dance at Xmas party
Norwegian pilot draws penis with flightpath over sweden
Man dies after dancing 'Gangnam Style'
Karl Rove: "when the animating force...is humiliating the opposition rather than working with them, bad things usually come to pass."
2012 greatest year ever in the history of the world!
Texting whereabouts of deer illegal in Kansas
Police Foil Grisly Bieber Murder Plot.
Suspects sought after Florida woman reports stolen driveway
Deputy Ordered To Pay $20 Fine After Man's Death
Typo takes the 'L' out of 'public' in charter schools ad
Montreal bylaw requires dogs understand commands in both official languages
Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood Not Hiding in Brazil Awaiting the Mayan Apocalypse, Contrary to Reports
Man Dies Attempting 'Gangnam Style' Dance
Naked biting spree forces three drink limit at German Pool Complex
Panamanian held in Spain with cocaine breast implants
Baltimore issued speed camera ticket to motionless car
Justin Bieber murder plot: Tie, pruning shears, unrequited feelings
Police foil plot to murder Justin Bieber with a paisley pattern neck tie for a bounty of 2500$ per testicle
Koreans busted for stamina pills made from dead babies
Kim Jong Un Voted Person Of The Year In Time Reader Poll
Man serves strip club for serving him as he was too drunk
Instagram Users Appalled To Learn That Instagram Is a Business
Ukranian Parliament Erupts In Huge Brawl
NJ Gov.Christie: I'm not too fat to be president
Nearly 4 in 10 US residents blame weather on the "end times"
Nearly four in 10 U.S. residents blame bad weather on the "end times"
'Gangnam Style' death prompts warning to middle-aged men not to attempt the vigorous dance
140 acres in Detroit sold to grow trees [x-post /r/urbanplanning]
Pregnant Woman Fired for Too Many Bathroom Breaks
Virginia Foxx, brave defender of elevators.
Nexus 10 owner finds ant trapped under glass of tablet
A serial killer targeting dolphins has many on edge.
Man arrested after stealing his own children's Christmas toys
Petition to build Death Star will spark White House response
Cops use Taser on woman buying too many iPhones
California Judge Says Victims' Body Can Prevent Rape
Justin Bieber's murder, castration plotted, police say - CNN.com
Man Kicked Out of Tournament For Looking Like Jesus
'Best Funeral Ever' TV show in the works
Padres general manager Josh Byrnes: Guns 'a big problem' Player injured by knife on a hunting trip. GM says guns are to blame.
Padres Player injured by knife on a hunting trip. General Manager says guns are to blame.
Global report: Obesity bigger health crisis than hunger
Obamadon: Dinosaur Named After US President
Plot to castrate, kill Bieber foiled
He's a maneater --Hall bites Oates
Chinese man staves off apocalypse with his giant balls
Polish man mistakes hot iron for mobile phone
Police: Man Tries To Drown Wife In Dog Bowl After Fight Over Frozen Pizza « CBS Tampa
Chinese Man Will Fend Off Apocalypse With His Gigantic Balls
Man performing 'Gangnam Style' dance collapses and dies
Lunch lady snaps and attacks students
BBC News - Kempsey flood defence failure due to waterlogged sensor
BBC News - Vodka 'saved' elephants in Siberian freeze
TSA Detains 'Explosive-Laced' Girl In Wheelchair
Someone Stole an Entire Driveway (In Florida, Obviously)
This should probably go in wtf, actually.
Boy Sits on Santa's Lap, Realizes It's Father-in-Law 13 Years Later
Reddick woman arrives home to find driveway missing
Doomsday Superbug Virus! Outbreak Rampant in U.S. Explosive Diarrhea Kills Thousands
Man with gun tries and fails at carjacking three separate cars in one parking lot
College student, while being questioned by police, calls cop "a peasant"
Study finds Olympians live longer than their fellow countrymen (x-post r/NoShitSherlock)
Montreal may require dogs to be bilingual
White House to Respond to Death Star Petition
The pleasures of whaling
Monsanto cucumbers banned in Nova Scotia for causing genital baldness
Monsanto Cucumbers Cause Genital Baldness-- Immediately Banned in Nova Scotia
Anti-Tax Crusader Grover Norquist Compares Balanced Approach to 'Pink Unicorns'
Huckabee: Schools 'A Place Of Carnage' Because We 'Systematically Removed God'
Outrage as rape case judge tells victim: 'If she didn't want sex, her body should have just shut down'
World's first off-leash cat park to open in Vancouver
Deputies: Man was firing gun while driving on I-95; thought he was fishing
Pope Says Gay Marriage Poses A Threat To 'Justice And Peace' In World Day Of Peace 2013 Address
School Cafeteria Worker Fired For Feeding Needy Student
Man ironed face when phone rang
Chinese kindergarten charges parents 'hug fee'
Cops tase Chinese woman for buying too many iPhones
Stripper toy drive surprises Christmas charity
Court settles yodelling copyright row
Girl electrocuted to death trying to Twitter in the bath
"Missing" girl tells police: "That's awkward, I'm in my house"
Westboro Baptist Church blames Carrie Underwood for Connecticut School Shooting
Iran Plans to Legalize Marijuana
Verizon tweet today: We're happy to announce that gifts from @Verizon won't shoot your eye out!
NYU Cheese Club Found to Be Cover for White Supremacy Group - Washington Square Local
Kyrgyzstan MPs sacrifice sheep to drive evil spirits out of parliament and end unrest [April 2011]
Canadian camouflage company claims to have created perfect invisibility cloak, US military soon to be invisible
Calif. DMV renews blind man's license
Human 'mother' of Ikea monkey will go to court to get him back
Speed camera gives ticket to stationary car
Christian College Chancellor Can't Believe Gays Exist On His Campus | ThinkProgress
Husband of woman who died from being 'too fat to fly' sues for $6 million
The Arizona Cardinals Should Just Stop Playing With a "Quarterback"
Man Kicked Out Of Darts Tournament For Looking Like Jesus
Kids, Santa Claus... and guns? | wfaa.com Dallas - Fort Worth
School Plays Bieber's 'Baby' As Fundraiser: Students Pay To Make It Stop
Push on for KKK founder license plates
Rapper Arrested For Assaulting Woman With Dollar Bills
Daily Dot | Half-naked daughter helps Dad sell 1977 Datsun on eBay
Trey Songz Arrested for Assaulting a Woman with Money
Kim Jong-un: North Korean dictator and Time readers' person of the year
Mormon Women Dare To Wear Pants To Church
GOP Rep Suggests Teachers Should Be Armed With Assault Rifles
KKK Counterprotests Westboro Church Picketing School Shooting Scene
Are We Living Inside a Computer Simulation?
2012 best year ever, less hungry and poor people.
Kansas City Chiefs, Oakland Raiders game haunted by rogue pigeon
Republican congressman says Sandy Hook principal should have had a machine gun so she could 'take his head off before he killed those precious kids'
"Take That Nigger Off The TV, We Wanna Watch Football!": Idiots Respond To NBC Pre-Empting Sunday Night Football
Janikowski's five FGs fuel Raiders win over Chiefs
This isn't an article, it's a whitehouse.gov petition but is definitely worthy of this subreddit. A gun in every classroom. Arm every teacher and principal to defend themselves and their students during an attack.
Woman Tries To Kill Her Boyfriend With Her Breasts
Texas school where teachers carry guns prepared to protect students Read more here: http://www.star-telegram.com/2012/12/14/4486104/texas-school-where-teachers-carry.html#storylink=cpy
Texas school where teachers carry guns prepared to protect students
National Rifle Asso: 'Ban elementary schools'
RE Agent photos lead to dope grower arrest
Transplant girl given smoker's lungs dies of cancer (x-post /r/WTF)
National Rifle Association: "Ban elementary schools"
Murder victim's death was industrial accident
Oldham (football club) beg their supporters to stop setting fire to rival fans' hair
Exotic dancers get in on spirit of giving
NRA: 'Ban elementary schools'
The 40 Most Insane Things That Happened In Florida In 2012
Cops: Domestic Tiff Caused By Husband's Noxious Gas, Wife's Lysol Spray Rejoinder | The Smoking Gun
UT student denies butt-chugging won't explain injuries
Black Jews: 10 Celebrities You Didn't Know Were Jewish
CERN now 99.999999999% sure it has found the Higgs boson (x-post from /r/science)
CIA officially denies that it is trying to erase a letter from the Russian alphabet
Texas School District Will Let Teachers Carry Guns | Fox News
Man Spared From Death Row Because He's Morbidly Obese
US judge prompts outrage after saying: 'If she didn't want sex, her body should have just shut down' in rape case, and reducing sentence of attacker by ten years
Business woman injured in sex romp gets worker's comp
Russia sees panic buying as Mayan apocalypse mania takes root (xpost from /r/worldnews)
Rapper Tyga shares his Lamborghini Aventador crash with the fans
Bay Area Woman's Sex Act Reveals Workers' Comp Fraud « CBS Sacramento
Coal museum installs solar panels to save money
1993 article on Connecticut banning assault rifles, except for the AR-15, because it is made in Connecticut.
Russian soccer fans demand club not sign homosexuals, blacks | Soccer | Sports | Toronto Sun
A 37-year-old Swedish woman with an admitted obsession with skeletons has been convicted of disturbing the peace of the dead for allegedly using human bones for sexual purposes
Cat helps students at crosswalk
Fracking in Central Park
Vampire Threat Terrorizes Serbian Village
KKK Members Stand Up To Westboro Protest At Arlington Nat'l Cemetary
Armed task force to patrol Paragould, Arkansas
Police baffled by woman with a pelican in her attic
Parents Say Christmas Carols are Form of Bullying
Part of Antarctica named 'Queen Elizabeth Land' as gift for Diamond Jubilee - Telegraph
Instagram Sex Account Leads To Riot In Sweden
Infiniti queues up questionable Q and QX naming scheme.
Serial Killer A Murder Addict, Police Say
Man wears 70 items of clothing at airport to avoid baggage charge (xpost r/offbeat)
Deputies: Intoxicated man asked to bring guns on school campuses
UKIP candidate suggests giving free euthanasia advice to the elderly and forced abortions for Downs syndrome feotuses
Gun show with no background check on automatic weapons 13 miles from Newtown in 2 weeks. Kids under 10 get in free w/ adult.
Human rights is reduced to a beef about beer and wings
3 arrested in massive maple syrup heist
Mystery behind Rudolph's red nose resolved: an elusive but long-hypothesized scientific explanation.
Shaquille O'Neal Set to Launch Reasonably Priced 'Luv Shaq' Vodka
Canada: Massive maple syrup heist yields arrests
Actor denies raping teenage girl, claims he had sex with her while sleepwalking
Drunk Santas Terrorized City During Seasonal Rampage, Critics Say - DNAinfo.com New York
Tumour Boy 'should have surgery'
Michigan man facing jail time after trying to pull over police officer
Calgary area schools move forward without lanyards in wake of near strangulation: Psychologists ready to help as students return to classes Monday
ABC News inundated with porn spam over shooting coverage
China makes 500 doomsday cult arrests
Man wears 70 items of clothing at airport to avoid baggage charge
Man wears 70 clothing items to avoid baggage fee
Tiffani Amber Thiessen Is Quitting Instagram, Everybody
'Stand your ground' cited in shooting of whiny Little Caesars Pizza customer
Canadians, Americans indicted in narwhal tusk smuggling plot
Israeli death squads involved in Sandy Hook bloodbath: Intelligence analyst
Three arrests in $20M maple syrup heist
Man wears 70 clothing items to avoid baggage fee (X-post /r/travel)
CIA kidnapped and sodomized German man.
No-otter zone ends in Southern California
Only in the US: Legal= Automatic weapons. Illegal = unpasteurised French cheeses
11-Year-Old Brings Gun To School For Protection After Newtown
A lot of the source material for our podcast comes from here, let us know what you think. Thanks!
Intelligent Design think tank's "institute" is a Shutterstock image | Ars Technica
Michigan Republican Governor Rick Snyder reasons that school shooting of 20 children supports the need to allow concealed guns in schools
Domino's founder sues to keep the nutrition and taste of STDs on its pizzas
Leaping crocodile lands on tourist
GM manufacturing robots take up second job as present wrappers.
LPT: Eat Off Your Toilet Seat
Kevin Seraphin didn't celebrate his birthday because the Wizards are so bad.
Woman busted in Spain for cocaine in breast implants
Elementary School Student Brings Gun To School For Protection
Man is hit by train, gets up, and is hit by a car.
After Shooting Whiny Customer at Little Ceaser's Pizza, Florida Man Cites "Stand Your Ground"
'1600 Penn' review: Will you be watching NBC's new comedy about a modern first family? - Yahoo! TV
Coal mining museum installs solar panels to save on energy bill
Winter Cyclist Beaten Up for Slowing Traffic in Montreal
Teacher Of The Year, Loses Job After Streaking Naked.
Simple Test Predicts Longevity | Yahoo! Health
Squeezing breasts 'could stop growth of cancer cells'
How to abuse people on Twitter and get away with it
NRA 'prepared ... to help make sure this never happens again'
Christian parents group to sue school over yoga classes
Jesse Ventura Suspects a Conspiracy About His Show About Conspiracies
US radio host: Gays aren't human so aren't protected by the US constitution
Las Vegas Wranglers to hold indoor Winter Classic
Squeezing breasts 'can stop cancer'
Federal court to decide just how bad 'I (heart) boobies' bracelets are
NASA Names Moon Satellite Crash Site After Sally Ride.
Florida Men Aspired to Bomb NYC But Couldn't Afford It. The Recession is Even Hurting Terrorists.
The New Yorkers so desperate to live in upscale Park Slope, they do without a bathroom and use CHAMBER POTS instead | Mail Online
CTA Passenger Attacked With Sock Filled With Feces
Virtual boyfriend chat AI goes rogue, becomes terrible boyfriend.
Jesus tossed from darts tournament
Argument Over Sandy Hook Shooting Ends in Gunfire
Farm lets customers name Christmas dinner before slaughter
Aaron Morris, Accused Walmart Groper, Says 'Her Booty Looked So Good, I Just Couldn't Resist'
Composer arrested after debut performance of 'Symphony for bassoon and naked dwarfs'
Parents encourage 6th grader to take a gun to school, and the kid points it at a class mate. The parents are receiving no punishment.
Aussie kid hatches a clutch of world's second deadliest snake in his cupboard
40% of African American Women 'Avoid Exercise To Maintain Hairstyles', Claims Study
Discussion about Sandy Hook shooting leads to shooting.
Squeezing breasts can stop cancer, best study ever says.
My school district cancelled classes because of the mayan calendar.
German throws puppy at Hells Angels bikers then flees on bulldozer
Ex-Elvis singer jailed over North East and Cumbria cannabis farms
Noise offends Bourke St resident
A (presumably) Gaelic version of the 80's Bar sitcom "Cheers" is in the works...
Man cites Stand Your Ground Law for shooting a man demanding faster service at a Florida fast food franchise
Swedish man gets disability benefits for heavy metal "addiction"
China watches V for Vendetta for first time
Missouri monks' fruitcakes support solitary living
Fight over pizza ends in near drowning in Volusia County
US Shooting Spurs Bulletproof Backpack Sales
'V For Vendetta' Airs In China, Stunning TV Viewers: Well this is awkward.
Fulton jail will get working cell locks
Santa is sacked after telling children he isn't real.
Mayan end-of-world rumors prompt Michigan officials to close 33 schools - U.S. News
Man finds out wife is cheating on him, hides up tree for 9 months
In $18 Million Theft, Victim Was a Canadian Maple Syrup Cartel
CTA Feces-Filled Sock Attack: Woman Hit In Face With Man's Poop Aboard Blue Line
Welcome to the reservation.
Police in Canada have arrested three men in connection with the theft of six million pounds of syrup from Canada's global strategic maple syrup reserve.
Top Conservative Publication: Shooting Occurred Because Women Ran The School [xpost from r/education]
Mormon Women Wear Pants to Church
On the day before the end of the world, the UK is launching a military satellite named "Skynet"
Mayan end-of-world rumors prompt Michigan officials to close 33 schools
Man Gets Real Indecent Exposure Charge For Exposing Fake Genitalia
Mother of Jihad, 'I am a bomb' T-shirt boy, in court | Herald Sun
Mealworms: The Other-Other-Other White Meat?
Mosque arsonist tells court "I only know what I hear on Fox News"
Preparing for the End of the World
Thieves Arrested After Stealing 6 Million Pounds of Canadian Maple Syrup
Local woman trains deaf Dalmatian to understand sign language
Incoming Texas State Rep: "Ping Pongs are more dangerous than guns."
The governor of the Central Bank of Ecuador has resigned after admitting that he lied about having a degree in economics.
Ca You Believe This Mainstream Ads? (Mickey Wants To Put His Milk Inside You) (NSFW)
Thieves in Canada arrested for stealing 6 million pounds of maple syrup
Putin to support ban on US adoption of Russian orphans
Lower Brule bank floor partially collapses, forces evacuation.
House Republicans Vote to Throw 300,000 Kids off Food Stamps In Order to Cut Taxes for Millionaires (x-post /r/politics)
Mila Kunis Targeted by Anti-Semitic Ukrainian Politician
More than 30 Michigan schools close amidst "end of the world" rumors
human hands evolved so we could punch each other
Donald Sterling celebrates Clippers' franchise-best-tying winning streak by making things weird | Ball Don't Lie - Yahoo! Sports
Only in Australia: Darwin childcare centre closed after carpet python snakes (24) found.
US Radio host: Same-sex marriage laws might force a resurrected Jesus to marry a man.
Sao Paulo signs Breno(Footballer) despite him being imprisoned
Flying Bear Kills Two People
Foul-Mouth Bird Banned to Solitary Confinement
Don't wear fur ... unless you're homeless, says PETA
Queen's Christmas speech to be broadcast in 3D
Father sprays son in the face with Liquid Ass.
Jason Festerman Allegedly Sprays 'Liquid Ass' At Son's School In Marine City
While the NRA Was on TV Talking About the Need for More Guns Some Guy Was Walking Up and Down a Road in Pennsylvania Shooting People
N.R.A. Calls for Armed Guards in Schools to Deter Violence
NRA Press Conference Blames Shooting On Media, Video Games, and Movies
NRA Blames Violent Video Games for Newtown, But Partnered With Company That Makes Them
Man Shoots Girlfriend in Fight Over "The Walking Dead"
Man arrested for accidentally handing out cocaine instead of candy on Halloween
Man missing for 3 years found where last seen
Launderette owner jailed over money laundering scam
Iowa court: Bosses can fire 'irresistible' workers
Colorado proposal would require life jackets at doggy daycare pools
Top Conservative Publication: Shooting Occurred Because Women Ran The School
Formal Reprimand Issued To Flatulent Federal Worker
Newtown Shooter's barber said cutting his hair made him "uncomfortable"
Kris Humphries gets clubbed: DJs torment Kim Karadashian's ex with songs by Kanye West
AP News : Iowa court: Bosses can fire 'irresistible' workers
NRA Calls for Armed Officers in Schools
Iowa Supreme Court rules bosses can fire chicks who are too hot
Woman reports 'stalker' pigeon to police
Operation: Game Over closes 2,100 online gaming accounts owned by sex offenders
Pope says future of mankind at stake over gay marriage.
Darwin The 'IKEA Monkey' Can't Go Home For Christmas, Judge Rules
Twins conceived after dad's death ineligible for benefits, Michigan Supreme Court rules
Woman imprisoned for 15 days and deported for allowing her kindergarten class to name a Teddy Bear Muhammad
Man Fires Assistant For Being Too Hot and "Irresistible," Iowa Courts Says He's Within Legal Rights
Wisconsin Governor Walker will spend for teachers to have guns not unions
Rolling Stones Guitarist Ronnie Wood Weds 34-Year-Old, Wears Pink Socks
Judge: Louisiana Woman Can Flip Finger In Holiday Lights
Reddit Secret Santa Breaks Guinness World Record
It's legal to fire someone if they're attractive in Iowa
Iowa court OKs firing of female worker for being too 'irresistibly attractive'
Police: Conestoga High School teacher who passed out in school was intoxicated
Charlie Tuna, Jimmy Boy, Augie & others nabbed in FBI cigarette-theft sting
Saddam Hussein was forced to watch the South Park movie repeatedly after he was captured. [x-post from /r/todayilearned]
More Republicans Believe in Demonic Possession Than Climate Change
Judge: Woman can flip finger in holiday lights
Nonfiction graphic novel "Army of God" about Joseph Kony declared "a product of a terrorist organisation" by US Office of Foreign Assets Control.
Former Olympian was also high-paid prostitute on the side
Fake gangster rapper cancels shows after threats from actual gangsters
Limited supply of Air Jordan sneakers cause mayhem at mall - Security uses Mace on shoppers
An All-Male Court in Iowa rules that bosses can fire hot workers for being 'Irresistible'
Pope warns that future of humanity at stake if gays can get married
Tennessee 2-year-old baby shoots and kills self with grandfather's gun
Man Hospitalised after Brussels Sprout Overdose
'Canadian Psycho' Luka Rocco Magnotta chosen as 2012's Newsmaker of the Year
German scientists seek to clone perfect Xmas trees
Boeing uses potatoes instead of people to test wi-fi
Mitt's Son Says He Never Wanted to be President Anyway
Mayan Temple Damaged in Tourist Apocalypse Frenzy
Is Sarah Jessica Parker a horse trotting around in a human body? You be the judge!
Customer stops robbery by quoting Pulp Fiction! Truly amazing!
Riot police called as hundreds of parents join in mass brawl at California youth football game
Millions of Mental Health Records Go Missing as Americans Stock Up on Guns
New Vancouver bridge closed because design causes "ice bombs" to rain down on cars
Iowa court OKs firing of female dental assistant for being too 'irresistibly attractive'
Boeing Uses 20K Pounds of Potatoes to Test Aircraft Wireless Signals
[Conservative] Bikers Turn Out to Protect Newtown Mourners from [Left-wing] Westboro Baptist Church
Cuban scientists are trying to cure cancer with a homeopathic drug manufactured from the venom of scorpion
Thousands sign petition to deport Piers Morgan for his views on gun control.
Dental Assistant Fired For Being 'Irresistible' is 'Devastated'
Australian boy's egg collection turns into snakes - News - Boston.com
Mormon Senator arrested for drunk driving
Modern art was CIA 'weapon'
MU scientists creating chicken-free chicken
Donkeys help Somerset man propose to girlfriend
Vinny from 'Jersey Shore' -- I Wanna Be a Politician
North Korea accuses South Korea of using Christmas tower as psychological warfare.
Activist spends second Christmas up tree
Lighter mistaken for grenade shuts down airport
Swaziland Is Going To Jail Women For Wearing 'Rape-Provoking' Miniskirts
SSA Worker Reprimanded For Flatulent Habits
Alligator dumped in east Detroit
UP rape victim raped by cops probing case
Penn & Teller expose the Dalai Lama as a CIA Agent
Man Stuck in Chimney Days Before Christmas - Not Santa Claus
Kings indefinite ban of DeMarcus Cousins lasts one game
Fox Calls Westboro Baptist Church A 'Left-Wing Cult' - NewsHounds [x-post from /r/politics]
Family who are 'too fat to work' say £22,000 worth of benefits is not enough
Scientists Prove Rudolph Really Is A Red-Nosed Reindeer
Newspaper Posts Gun Owners' Names | ABC News - Yahoo! News
Man observing darts tournament thrown out because he looked too much like Jesus.
Thousands of eager men flooded Seoul's Yeouido park for a mass dating event on Christmas Eve, only to meet other guys.
Myna bird placed under house arrest after shouting 'fuck you' to zoo visitors
'I wanted to be like Luke Skywalker': Naked woman who climbed inside gutted dead horse was inspired by Star Wars
Jesus Would Be on Facebook if He Lived Today, German Preist Says
College athlete charged in theft of taco
Hero Dog Missing Snout Beats Cancer
Deputies: Man beat kids over who passed gas
'Irresistible' woman fired for being too sexy
Queen Elizabeth Of Britain Delivers Christmas Message In 3D
Police probe NBC's David Gregory on gun clip
Ben Affleck Isn't Running for Senate
Vikings vying for playoffs with sore Peterson
BBC NEWS | Health | Doctors' kitchen knives ban call
Study: Red Noses Help Reindeers Cope With Polar Air
Drake spends christmas upset at Walgreens and Macys for using term "YOLO"
Bears were used in test flights of world's first supersonic jet bomber
Ukraine reminds Santas about tax
'Moose Sex Project' aims for love corridor between N.S., N.B.
Bill O'Reilly Arrested For Assaulting Department Store Santa
Teens trying dangerous new trend called the salt, ice challenge
Young singles have a new number they are using to evaluate potential partners: their credit scores.
Police call body found near dumpster "suspicious"
Boob Grabbing Study Is Getting Men All Excited
Oops. Mark Zuckerberg's Sister Has A Private Facebook Photo Go Public.
British create a petition to keep Piers Morgan in U.S.
Woman runs over her kid, blames the car industry
Patents and trademarks: My plants broke the law
Woman arrested after trying to kill her boyfriend with her large breasts
Minnesota soda shop threatened with $500 fine for selling candy smokes
Justin Bieber sued for stealing credit card, buying penis enlargement
Moment 33-ton aquarium bursts in shopping centre, showering crowds with live sharks and shards of glass
33-ton aquarium bursts in shopping centre, showering crowds with live sharks and shards of glass
China Runs Risk of Socialist Revolution
Justin Bieber Faces Ban From Philippines From Posting Photoshopped Image of Manny Pacquiao on Instagram
D.C. police seek gray-haired bank robber with cane - Crime Scene - The Washington Post
Putin to Sign Ban on U.S. Adoptions of Russian Children
Federal Employee Disciplined After Gas Log Details Excessive Workplace Flatulence
Syrian General Charged With Halting Defections Defects
Doctors Identify Stroke From Woman's Crappy Texting [x-post f/r/science]
Rodent causes partial blackout of downtown Houston
Cops go free in case of interception (danish - translated to english with Google Translate)
Fox News claims Fred Phelps' anti-gay Baptist church is "left wing"
Old Man Sells Fake Louis Vuitton Purses, Gets Paid In Counterfeit Money (Xpost from r/JusticePorn)
College Student's Turtle Project Takes Dark Twist
Man faces drunken driving charge after driving on AA co-founder's lawn | Fox News
Leonard Cohen Asks for Brief Halt to New Covers of "Hallelujah"
Cop shoots self and sues city.
Family in tears after finding porn on 3DS
5-year-old's Nintendo 3DS Christmas gift filled with porn
Middlesex man knocks himself unconscious with a hammer
Fat Police Officers Told To Exercise In Indonesia
Dragonfly Shows Human-Like Power of Concentration
Circus monkeys set free after trailer crash
Theater Evacuated Over Man With Sandwich
Police: Man Pulled Gun On Neighbor For Farting
Senate FISA vote inspiring display of bipartisan commitment to ignoring Fourth Amendment
Aubrey Ireland, College Student, Wins Restraining Order Against Helicopter Parents
China Requiring People To Visit Their Aging Parents
Michael Phelps: 'Everybody Pees in the Pool'
"OMG what a great soliloquy! The theatre offering 'Tweet seats' to patrons who just can't step away from their phone" [X-post from r/theatre]
Brady Bunch star steps up and reviews Chatham man's movie
Mankiki golfer totally bunkered
China has passed a law requiring adult children to visit their elderly parents regularly or risk being sued.
Al-Qaeda Docs Found Hidden in Porn Stuffed in Underpants
Man Gets DUI After Driving on AA Co-founder's Lawn
Child, 9, eats crack cocaine on Christmas
Arizona sheriff orders armed 'posse' to patrol schools
Blood's alcohol level results in Vermont DUI after driving on AA co-founder's lawn
Law students charged in Las Vegas bird beheading case
Holly Hill police said they are investigating if alcohol was involved in the case of a man who shot and killed his roommate over how to prepare pork chop
Kentucky Man, Defends Watermelon-Eating Obama Display: He 'Might Get Hungry'
Police: Parents left children with homeless man in dirty motel room on Christmas | HeraldTribune.com
Al Qaeda Disbands; Says Job of Destroying U.S. Economy Now in Congress's Hands
Major new science: WOMEN MORE NUDE more OFTEN online
You Are Not Gay Anymore, Thanks To Horse-Fondling School
A tennis referee whose career was almost ended by a charge that she murdered her husband with a coffee cup has been reinstated
Academy Awards Members Too Old To Figure Out New E-Voting System?!
Welsh Police warn of inappropriate use of Emergency Services after receiving calls including one man complaining: "I haven't got anyone to rub this ointment on my back."
British Zombie Plan Reveals Government's Defense Against The Undead
North Wales Police: "999 call over son's bedtime refusal"
A North Carolina sheriff orders officers to discriminate against Latinos, telling them, "Go out there and get me some of those taco eaters"
MC Hammer is Pistons, Heat halftime entertainment
China Passes Law Requiring People to Visit Their Elderly Parents
Man builds helicopter drone to follow his child to the school bus.
FBI feared Marilyn Monroe 'drifted into Communist orbit'
Englishman wakes up from Stroke, can only speak Welsh.
Father jailed for beating 3 kids after they wouldn't say who farted in his car
"In-Depth Analysis of a Piece of Shit" explains, in-depth, how many hookworm eggs you can expect to find in your average infectious turd
1.2 Earthquake hits Bryan, Ohio, millions of damage in Etch-a-sketch-art museum (x-post r/funny)
Playmobil Security Check Point
Cops: Woman, 50, Battered Boyfriend, 32, Because Six Came Before Nine
New Year's dropped 'possum won't be live (X-post from r/funny)
Man Eats Entire 'Hobbit' Menu at Denny's in 20 Minutes
A nation's sex strike for democracy
The LAPD Got Punked And Bought Back 'Rocket Launchers' That Literally Do Nothing
Woman buys fake Steelers jersey online
Police prevent man from jumping off the Lincoln Tunnel
Morsi's Advisor: Jews Should Return to Egypt
Woman accused of murder in NYC subway tells police she "pushed a Muslim off the train tracks because I hate Hindus and Muslims ever since 2001 when they put down the twin towers I've been beating them up."
Conservative Pie: Republicans Introduce Legislation Redefining Pi as Exactly 3
'Tax Handsome Men, Increase Birthrate' Says Economic Analyst
Lady Gaga's Tour Will Offer Free Counseling
Singaporean government discouraging students from fapping in showers by handing out digital timers to limit shower time
Hitler statue in former Polish ghetto creates furor
[x-post /r/OLYMPICS] Mo Farah held by US customs on suspicion of being a terrorist as he returned to family home for Christmas
Pakistan Lifts YouTube Ban, for 3 Minutes
Toy-playing too much for neighbour
TSA agent: 'We laugh at your nude images, dear passengers'
Death row cannibal donates organs to help five people
Kansas pursues child support from sperm donor
German magazine mistakenly publishes obituary for George H.W. Bush
Congress to make deep cuts to office that monitors their ethics.
Hillary Clinton hospitalized for too much time in bed and lack of activity
Of Course Fox Thinks Westboro Baptist Church is a 'Left-Wing Cult'
Too much bed rest and inactivity cause politician to be hospitalized
White House Denies CIA Teleported Obama to Mars
Florida mother Kimberly Lightsey banned from having more babies after leaving her other children to go partying [xpost from /r/newsofthestupid]
English man arrested for "spraying urine to and fro" and "making noises like an elephant"
Gang of marauding Oompa Loompas sought by Norwich Police following kebab shop assault
U.S. government seizes artist's paycheck as suspected terrorist funds
McDonald's stakeout nabs cooking-grease thieves, police allege
NY mayor blames crime rise on thefts of iPad and iPhone
Pastor claims stroking horses will cure homosexuality.
New laws ban sex with prisoners, hound-hunting of bobcats, more
Afghans angry at US soldiers who drove away in the night leaving rent unpaid
North Korea's 'Dear Leader' Kim Jong-il 'died in fit of rage over dam that had sprung a leak' (x-post from /r/worldnews)
Salix Wins FDA Approval of Dragon's Blood Drug for Diarrhea - Bloomberg
North Korean leader seeks end to confrontation with South
Sobering day in Russia as beer becomes alcohol
BBC News - Mouse interrupts weather forecast
A sobering day in Russia as beer becomes alcohol
Mouse causes storm in radio weather [x-post from r/UnitedKingdom]
Oompa Loompa attack: Man in Norfolk says he was attacked by 4 people dressed as 'Oompa Loompas'
Oompa Loompas attack a man
San Jose standoff with naked man wielding Samurai sword ends safely
This guy loves his car.
Laws requiring guns to be kept in safes are elderly abuse
waking up new years day....
Libyans' new love affair with ice cream after the fall of Muammar Ghaddafi (x-post worldnews)
Michigan woman spends 11 days in jail for swearing to herself.
Coachella moves to a luxury cruise.
Post office delivers calendars... 63 years late
Homeless Man, Heir to $19 million of $300 million railroad fortune, dies of hypothermia beneath a Union Pacific Railroad overpass : [X-posted from /r/offbeat]
Space travel may accelerate the development of Alzheimer's disease
FarmVille player steals from blind man for Farm Cash, stabs another
Iran's government orders immediate removal of star of david from roof of nation's largest airport
Congress Collapses from Exhaustion After Doing Job
'Journal News' hires armed security guards (The ones who posted gun owners addresses)
N. Korea's Kim Calls for More Weapons, End to Confrontation
Girl's house destroyed after hundreds crash "YOLO" birthday party
The tail for humans that wags when you're happy
My Buddy put together this as his holiday card!
Ghana bans second-hand fridges
Obscenities invade C-SPAN website during fiscal cliff coverage
The KCPD uses pink handcuffs.
French woman trapped in Roubaix shop for new year
UK embassy in Kabul uses chair that searches anus, vagina for weapons
x-post from r/politics: N.Y. News Outlet That Posted Names Of Gun Owners Hires Armed Guards
Boyfriend chases intruder from Santa Cruz house with Samurai sword, flare
Paparazzo killed by oncoming traffic after photographing Justin Bieber's Ferrari
Tracks in snow lead Indianapolis police to burglars
Twins Give Birth the Same Day
Congress Collapses from Exhaustion After Doing Job : The New Yorker
Woman elated by return of suitcase full of lobster
Woman Tasered After 'Trying to Buy Too Many iPhones'
Stripper, 22, falls head first off 15-foot gentlemen's club balcony after attempting tricky move during lap dance
School Meeting for First-Grader Suspended for Pointing Finger Like Gun
Ron Jeremy to debate pastor at Central Michigan University in "Great Porn Debate"
Man 'raped multiple miniature horses and killed the barn dog trained to protect them' | Mail Online
John Boehner Told Harry Reid 'Go F--- Yourself' Outside the Oval Office
Police cover murder suspect's 'moobs' for the sake of public decency
Father Enlists Digital Assassins to Deter Son From Playing Games in China
Researcher: US tested and perfected a "tsunami bomb"
Town Holds Violent Videogame Buyback Program
Teen drugs her parents to get on the Internet
Cinemark Offers Tickets To Reopening Night For Aurora Victims' Families
1st Grader Suspended for using imaginary gun
More and More Hospitals are Telling McDonald's to Take a Hike
Schools close after 'Batman' theory connects Newtown, Aurora shootings; predicts future target | KDVR.com - Denver News, Wea
Sister, 19, accidentally shoots dead brother in the head while posing with gun for Facebook picture
Obese and unhealthy people could face benefit cuts
Piers Morgan threatens to deport himself if Obama doesn't act on guns
Tax for gas sippers
Kansas is pushing for sperm donor to lesbian couple to pay for child support
Fox Asks If Children Doing Yoga Is Leading To The "Wussification Of America"
Man jailed in theft of $1.29 Honey Bun
Donkey barn to get $500K makeover
Indonesia city to ban women 'straddling motorbikes'
Pilot catches thief during fly-by [his own house]
Teen legally known only as 'Girl' battles to use her own name.
In Iceland, a girl with no (legal) name | HeraldTribune.com
Subway worker tells customer to 'fight me like a man,' during confrontation over ketchup
Teen girl accidentally shot brother in head posing for 'gangster' NYE Facebook shots
Man tried to rob convenience store, called mom for a getaway ride home, deputies say
Boy, 6, suspended from Silver Spring school for pointing finger like a gun
James Holmes: Post-its in courthouse bathroom say he was set up
Why Are Dogs Racist? Canine Experts Speak
Sean Hannity: "The media is dysfunctional and illiterate"
Arizona bill would outlaw posing as others on Facebook or Twitter.
Florida Woman Claims Mini Horses Sexually Attacked By Man
Connecticut Town Will Collect, Destroy Violent Games
Reston Zoo director pleads guilty in drowning of wallaby
Newspaper Hires Armed Guards After Outcry Over Their Printing Map of Gun Permit Holders.
Mobile Police request input on a public information policy that they refuse to release
Two Ontario men charged in sausage attac
2 Ontario men charged in wild game sausage theft
Joseph Sciambra, Self-Described 'Ex-Gay Porn Star,' Claims Gay Men Anally Give Birth to the Devil [NSFW]
School suspends first-grader for pointing finger, saying 'Pow'
False alarm! Lily Allen mistook fart for labour pains | The Sun |Showbiz
Christian 'ex-gay' porn star: The devil comes out of your anus when you have gay sex - PinkNews.co.uk
Big deal: You can be fat and fit
Scientologists' Alleged 'Alien Space Cathedral' Found
Rapper Shawty Lo And His 10 Baby Mamas Star In "All My Babies' Mamas" | Reality Wives
Request for ketchup on a Philly cheesesteak, leads to fight in Subway shop
FFS, this Honey Boo Boo crap needs to stop making the world a dumber place.
Amar'e Stoudemire claims nobody has ever taught him how to play defense
Monsanto Cucumbers cause Genital Baldness
Japanese Tourist Vacations on Syrian Front Lines - NYTimes.com
Des Moines Register publishes gun-ban column advocating deadly violence against NRA, GOP leaders
Fake Braces Black Market is Deadly for Teens
Teen Brags On Facebook About Drunk Driving, Gets Arrested
A man suspected of robbing a Seattle bank was caught masturbating on a sidewalk, Seattle police report with cash in shoes.
Cleveland woman critically injured due to lap dance mishap
Atlanta airport closed by toothbrush
Rex Ryan tattoo features woman "Tebowing" in Mark Sanchez's New York Jets jersey - ESPN New York
Bored, Lonely Japanese Man Becomes a 'War Tourist' in Syria
Able to get on the GO, wheelchair user struggles to get off
California Court Says Pretending To Be A Woman's Boyfriend To Have Sex With Her Isn't Rape
Mother fighting life saving cancer treatment of her son, because "he could become infertile and I want grandchildren."(x-post - /r/childfree)
AIG uses ad campaign to thank taxpayers for bailout Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2012/12/aig-uses-ad-campaign-to-thank-taxpayers-for-bailout-85616.html#ixzz2H1W74fAE
'Drivin drunk... classic ;)': Teen arrested after admitting on Facebook he'd been driving drunk and hit someone's car
Church of England will allow gay Bishops, if they promise remain celibate
New York man who robbed truck driver of a can of soda faces federal prison sentence
Rocklin girl allegedly drugs parents to get around Internet curfew
Missing person turns up safe and says: 'Sorry mum... I got lucky'
Catholic priest calls 911 from parish rectory because he can't get out of handcuffs. Voice muffled because of the gag
Let's Give Up on the Constitution, by Louis M. Seidman, a Constitutional Lawyer
Former animal control officer accused of dognapping
Atlanta airport closed by toothbrush (x-post from /r/atlanta)
Brazilian biologist Andre Nemesio said he named a species of Brazilian orchid bee Euglossa bazinga. in honor of "the clever, funny, 'nerd' character Sheldon Cooper,"
Father Hires In-Game "Hitmen" To Deter Son From Playing (X-POST from gaming)
Pepsi-Chicken Flavored Lay's Potato Chips Hit China
Perfect 10? Never Mind That. Ask Her for Her Credit Score.
California Court Declares That It's Not Rape If The Unconscious Women You Trick Into Sleeping With You Isn't Married
Suddenly, Lots Of Influential People Are Talking About The Trillion Dollar Coin Idea To Save The Economy
Species of bee named after 'Big Bang Theory' catchprase, Bazinga!
Students erupt in anger over Internet glitch
Online Dating Is a Horrific Den of Humanity
Icelandair Passenger Restrained With Tape After Mid-Flight Incident - HuffPost
Girl asks Santa for port-a-potty, and he delivers
Violent Media Poisoning Nation's Soul
Cat gets caught entering prison with saws and cellular.
Man shoots Dale Earnhardt memorabilia collection after death of his pet snake
All England Squid Championships descends into farce as angler who caught a 1cm specimen declared winner
Music man lays Internet-dating trap to lure in phone thief - NYPOST.com
Mailman gets reprimanded for being too Efficient
California Appeals Court Tosses Rape Conviction Because The Woman Was Unmarried | ThinkProgress
Caffeinated Seas Found off U.S. Pacific Northwest
US: Catholic priest forced to call 911 after getting stuck in handcuffs
Inmates Sue liquor and wine companies for $1 billion
Wealthy Indian Datta Phuge spends £14,000 on a shirt made of GOLD to impress the ladies
Thieves break into Microsoft's office, leave everything Microsoft makes, and only take their Apple stuff. (x-post /r/apple)
'Satan loves anal sex' and 'gay men give anal birth to the devil', says ex gay porn star
Australian heist goes wrong as robbers tunnel into KFC not jewellers
White House Petition Pushes For Trillion-Dollar Platinum Coin
Arizona Woman Deported After Winning Casino Jackpot
Police manhunt cancelled after missing man admits he was in bed with a girl
Microsoft says somebody stole its Apple iPads (xpost from /r/apple)
Florida Judge Doesn't Buy Stripper's Claim that She Assaulted Two Strangers as Part of a Performance Art Piece
Can a $1 Trillion Coin End Debt Ceiling Crisis? [Yahoo! Finance]
NJ man arrested in NY police cannibalism case
I love a happy ending
Live animals sold as key rings in China
Indoor barbecue-clothes-drying poisons six people
Florida: Changing Car Color Does Not Justify Traffic Stop
Cat 'arrested' for break-in at Brazilian prison
Iran pays Russian Women to Cover Up in Nuclear Plant
Cat caught smuggling phone into Brazilian prison
Florida: Changing Car Color Does Not Justify Traffic Stop (Xpost r/politics)
Prostitutes stole items from Honduras embassy in Colombia for failure of payment
Prostitutes stole items from Honduras embassy in Colombia for failure of payment (x-post from worldnews)
BBC News - 'Dogging' problems at Seacroft Marsh in Skegness
Dead on Facebook: Pranksters kill accounts with fake death reports
From today's paper: Four men arrested for marijuana possession on Highway 420
Dad Hires Digital Assassins To Murder His Son (Digitally)
Cat sneaks phone and saw into Brazilian prison
Girls drug parents' milkshakes to get around internet curfew
Man sets wife on fire for forgetting to add salt to his dinner.
Dave Mustaine Slams Men's Wearhouse On Facebook After Poor Christmas Shopping Experience
One-Armed Man Arrested for Clapping
One-armed man arrested in Belarus for clapping
Magic Trillion Dollar Coin May Be Used To Pay Off The National Debt [xpost r/libertarian]
Hot chocolate tastes better in an orange cup.
Miami Homeowner Shoots Naked Burglar Allegedly Choking His Dog
One-armed Belarus man arrested for clapping - World news - Christian Science Monitor | NBC News
Kansas militia expects zombies, and it's dead serious
John McAfee, the antivirus mogul on the run from a murder charge in Belize, claims he used cyber sex spies to uncover a conspiracy between Hezbollah, the Belizean government, and the Zeta drug cartel
California man claims right to ride in carpool lane by himself because he has corporate incorporation papers in his car and corporations are people, which means he's carpooling. (from /r/politics)
New study shows rocker Ozzy Osbourne is a genetic mutant: report - NYPOST.com
"Woman Gives Birth At Walmart" (x-post from r/misc)
Police raid grow-op to find bears protecting it
Cat caught trying to help inmates escape from jail
A Group Of Bros Infiltrated The Knicks Locker Room, Asked Gregg Popovich About J.R. Smith, And Got Kicked Out After Snapping A Picture Of Half-Naked Carmelo
Who says money can't buy love? Indian man splashes £14,000 on solid gold shirt to impress the ladies
Wealthy Indian spends £14,000 on a shirt made of GOLD to impress the ladies
Arnold Schwarzenegger Invites Us to Ride Along on His Tank, Crush a Car and Talk About The Last Stand
Dad hires hit men to kill son's video game characters. [x-post from r/parenting]
Kansas hits up sperm donor for child support
Married pilots hook up on military refueling mission
Unique to Britain: Massive power surges caused by millions of people simultaneously making tea
Large Hadron Collider sabotaged by time travel?
Game on: The women of video games ARE more scantily clad than their male counterparts, confirms study
Man steals ambulance on emergency call, goes for joyride
Vigil planned for elk killed by Boulder officer (xpost from r/Denver)
"Despite the town's pleas to stop sending" stuffed animals, Newtown now buried under "pile of tens of thousands of teddy bears"
Pope says Catholic Church must stand firm against "intolerant agnosticism"
Kansas Sperm Donor Law On Child Support Payment Is Outdated
Sight restored to blind mice, farmer's wife terrified
The Only CIA Officer Scheduled to Go to Jail Over Torture Never Tortured Anybody
Disgruntled Williamsburg Resident Arrested After Making 403 Phony 911 Calls About Hipsters
Surprise PD: Man threatening suicide shot by officers
Every Studio Rejected Liberace Film as 'Too Gay'
Lightning blasts boobs off statue | News | NT News | Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia | ntnews.com.au
"Dullest Culture on Earth" frowns upon sex and bans play
Lightning Blasts Boobs Off Statue
In Montgomery, dry Damascus prepares to embrace beer and wine
Fuster-cluck as HOA sues over chickens.
PayPal founder to build small city on Mars for vegetarians
Leader of English fascist group EDL jailed for illegally entering the USA
Owner surprised to find cat regularly catches bus
Alberta man offers $500 reward for stolen outhouse
Can a $1 trillion coin end debt ceiling crisis?
Cat caught sneaking saw, phone into Brazil prison
Hundreds attend candelight vigil for elk killed by police officer
Jailbreak! Cat caught with saws, drills and phone in Brazil prison
California man says he can drive in carpool lane with corporation papers because corporations are people (xpost /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Indonesia to ban women straddling motorbikes - CBS News
Liberace film deemed "TOO GAY" for theaters.
Women drinking alcohol to harm babies to claim disability support.
Eat, drink and pump it out: new weight loss gadget sucks food straight out of the stomach
Judge demands "shredded vagina" as proof of rape.
CURL: Obama supporters shocked, angry at new tax increases - Washington Times
Chinese father hires virtual hitmen to kill son in online games.
Cameroon judge frees 2 men jailed for looking gay
Drunk man arrested after spinning car tires until they caught fire.
Man Pelts Girlfriend With Oranges Over Karaoke
Panetta to spend more time on family walnut farm, looking forward to 'dealing with a different set of nuts'
Inmates blame booze for crimes, sue beer companies
Do Not Call group fined for phoning households
Gamers hired by father to 'kill' son in online games
Al Roker: I Sharted Myself At The White House
Al Roker Pooped His Pants at the White House
Rep. Walden plans to stop $1 trillion coin
Just in case you thought nothing could be worse than #baldforbieber...
Brazillian prison guards arrest cat.
Florida plane crash survivor: 'God is good'
Father Hires Virtual Hit Men To Assassinate Son in Online Video Games
More U.S. Soldiers Died From Suicide Than Were Killed In Combat In 2012
Here Comes Honey Jigaboo Boo
Ore. woman: Boyfriend choked her with dreadlocks
Trillion-dollar coin could let President Obama bypass debt-ceiling impasse - NY Daily News
Oregonian hippie arrested for choking his girlfriend with his own dreadlocks.
Narwhal-horn smuggling ring busted in Maine
Train's emergency brake pulled after iPhone dropped
Al Roker 'pooped his pants' during White House visit after weight loss surgery | Mail Online
The US schools with their own police: More and more US schools have police patrolling the corridors. Pupils are being arrested for throwing paper planes and failing to pick up crumbs from the canteen floor. Why is the state criminalising normal childhood behaviour?
NASA: One In Six Suns Has Earth-Like Planet Orbiting It
AIG Is Thinking About Suing the Government for Bailing It Out
Justin Bieber fans urged to cut themselves to stop him from smoking weed
$weet Charity (And Destiny, Crystal, Bambi...): Welfare Cash Spent at Bronx Strip Clubs.
Thieves rob Microsoft dev/research center, only steal apple products.
Freezing antimatter could allow scientists to study the strangest stuff in existence: Canadian researcher
AIG Considers Suing US Over US Bailout Of AIG
AIG Is Thinking About Suing the Government for Bailing It Out - Business - The Atlantic Wire
Gangsta search yo' results with Gizoogle
Brazil prostitutes to learn English for 2014 World Cup
EDL leader jailed for being illegal immigrant.
Google Android Baked Into Rice Cookers in Move Past Phone
Animal Noises Song Was Italy's Biggest Summer Hit
Gold shirt sold to Indian businessman for $228,000 - thestar.com
It's So Hot in Australia That They Added New Colors to the Weather Map
Prostitutes in Brazil sign up for free English classes to prepare for Confederations Cup and 2014 World Cup.
Nobody Knows What To Do With The Koran Written In Saddam Hussein's Blood
McDonald's to become 'Macca's' in Australia (x-post from r/worldnews)
McDonald's to become 'Macca's' in Australia
Maryland First Grader Suspended for Pointing Finger in Shape of Gun - ABC News
Police lecture naked man on ice
Oregon Man Arrested for Choking Girlfriend With His Own Dreadlocks
Natives Complain China's English Education
Dog shaved to look like lion sparks 911 call in Norfolk
Two men jailed for 'looking gay' after ordering Bailey's Irish Cream acquitted
AIG considers suing government for bailing it out, world implodes in on itself
Woman Set on Fire by Boyfriend Over Laundry Dispute
Portland man accused of choking girlfriend with his dreadlocks
Carmel (Indiana) neighbors raise many concerns -- even homicide -- to stop gas station [x-post /r/indianapolis]
Grocery Store losing $10-15k per month due to massive organized ring of Tide detergent thieves.
Carmel (Indiana) neighbors raise many concerns -- even homicide -- to stop gas station
Two men jailed for 'looking gay' after ordering Bailey's Irish Cream acquitted (x-post from /r/worldnews)
Microsoft Silicon Valley offices raided with only iPads stolen
Ahead of Brazil World Cup, free English classes planned for prostitutes
School actually makes kids smarter - new study
Is PETA right that it's cruel to decapitate pythons?
Emma Watson mistaken for child traveling alone at airport
Can a Trillion Dollar Coin Solve America's Fiscal Crisis?
Help Wanted: Astronauts Needed for Mars Colony
Horses to the rescue of Korea's Internet-addicted teens
Thieves break in to Microsoft, steal only Apple iPads
Michele Bachmann reappointed to the House Intelligence Committee
Poor test results 'a lack of iodine'
Al Roker comes clean about pooping his pants in the Bush White House
We're Still Getting Sims 3 Expansions, Apparently - This one, titled University, is about the myriad delights of the college experience, from ill-advised keg stands to experimental lesbianism
Brazilian sex workers to get free English classes ahead of World Cup
Smurfs wanted for questioning over suspected assault charge
Indian man buys $230,000 solid gold shirt as 'investment'
Police: Man uses dreadlocks to choke girlfriend in Portland, Ore.
Chris Kluwe Won't Turn You Into a Lustful Cockmonster
Grievous birdily harm - Vegetarian KFC protester in 7ft chicken outfit flees after being punched by diners and pelted with chicken
Pumpkins delivered to Elephant Sanctuary
Are you ready to smell your video games? Here's Game Skunk.
Pupil loses appeal against "mark of the beast".
This cannot possibly be real. Oh FSM. (x-post from r/technology)
Stripper Attacks people in the street and calls it "Performance Art"
Sweden to host World Championship of American Football (xpost NFL)
Nickleback and cockroaches are more popular than Congress
Sweden to host American Football World Championship
Republican Party Won't Even Acknowledge New England's Existence Anymore
Man chokes girlfriend with his dreadlocks
Unemployed pilots plan to sue a bank for allowing them to borrow money
Ride down ski slope in giant inflatable ball turns deadly in Russia
Traffic backed up on MoPac as a puddle forms in a single lane.
Brazilian Prostitutes Learning English Ahead Of 2014 World Cup
Britain's First Atheist Church Opens Its Doors
Men Who Ordered Bailey's Jailed in Cameroon for Looking Gay
Congress more popular than Kardashians, Lohan, gonorrhea
Trail of Cheetos leads to man's arrest
Court releases man from 655-year church debt
Stomach-Pumping Machine Makes Calories Disappear
A 12-YEAR-OLD New Zealand driver who could not see over the steering wheel has crashed into another car driven by her 14-year-old sister who was looking for her. (X-post r/offbeat)
New Haven Green 'crop circles' not likely made by aliens, expert says
Fake poop could replace real stuff in fecal transplants
Chief Theresa Spence's (Canadian Activist) Heroism Already Eclipses Nelson Mandela's
Matt Drudge now hand selecting relevant images to accompany headlines
A 12-YEAR-OLD New Zealand driver who could not see over the steering wheel has crashed into another car driven by her 14-year-old sister who was looking for her.
Pennsylvania man attempts suicide twice on the way to work, ends up at work anyway.
Kim Kardashian And Kanye Will Be 'Great Parents,' Snooki Predicts
Manhunt on for £8m garlic smugglers
Pennsylvania Man Attempts Suicide Twice On Way to Work, Ends Up at Work Anyway
Judge to NYPD: Stop arresting people for trespassing in their own homes
The Russian authorities have launched an investigation after a man was killed during a ride down a ski slope inside a giant inflatable ball.
Japan cyber probe cops find cat collar clue
Baseball Hall Of Fame Voters Pick 'None Of The Above' For 2013
Parents warned of trendy metal water bottle threat to kids after girl is rushed to emergency surgery after tongue gets STUCK
Al Roker: 'I Pooped My Pants' At The White House
Robots Could Be The Future of Prostitution, Researchers Claim
Famed northern Minnesota carver admits murdering wife with totem pole
"New" Bob Dylan album released explicitly to extend his copyright named literally "The Copyright Extension Collection"
Biden, M.C. Hammer to address nation's mayors
Fox News reports "Gun owners are the next Rosa Parks"
Someone is Changing Portland Stop Signs to "Poop"
French tax-the-rich minister 'hid money in Swiss bank'
Operator of popular YouTube channel found shot to death in northeast Georgia
Leading Gun Advocate Killed By Gunshot To The Head
Case not being taken seriously says Montreal man after tomato sandwich attack.
Portland Man Arrested For Choking Girlfriend With His Dreadlocks
Driver crashes car into Valentino's, orders a pizza
Man crashes into pizzaria, orders pizza
Dog shaved to look like lion mascot prompts 911 call, panic, and police - Yahoo! News
Partying Pincher Creek women faces charges of drunk driving, stripping
A 5 hour SWAT standoff on the Westside ends, JSO finds no one in the home.
King of Bahrain wins the title of the Humanitarian Personality of the Year
Our money may soon feature the world's goofiest signature
Half of all food 'thrown away'
Man Shot in During Community Forum Against Gun Violence
How to Beat Jet Lag: Forget About It (John Kerry)
Annika Sorenstam cuts finger.
Piers Morgan: No regrets over calling US gun lobby stupid
Anonymous Seeks First Amendment Protection for DDoS Attacks in White House Petition
Swansea's 'entrenched social problems' to be tackled by horses
Japanese hacker terrorising authorities with prank-threats had police agents chasing a stray cat with an SD card on its collar
Dog shaved to look like lion prompts 911 call
Minimum Wage Bad Idea, Says Unpaid Intern
Longest Tornado Death-Free Streak
The Hall of Famer who proudly extolled the virtues of PEDs
Man uses alligator to guard marijuana stash
More and Better Socks for the People
Alligator found guarding huge cache of marijuana
Motorist claims corporation papers are carpool passengers
Adobe almost does something amazing by accident
Toronto school board director may be fired for plagiarizing
Gun-toting soccer mom found shot dead
Blind stroke victim tasered after a police officer mistook his white stick for a samurai sword; x-post from r/worldnews
Blind stroke victim tasered after a police officer mistook his white stick for a samurai sword
IBM's Watson Memorized the Entire 'Urban Dictionary,' Then His Overlords Had to Delete It.
New Hampshire Legislator: We Need to 'Restrict Freedoms' of Conservatives
Eric Bolling: Schools 'pushing the liberal agenda' by teaching algebra
Police: Suspect chokes girlfriend with his dreadlocks
Commemorative Tupac Alligator Named Mr. Teeth Found Guarding Huge Stash Of Weed
CNN's coverage of Joe Biden's gun control talk were interrupted by news of another school shooting
CNN Breaks During Biden Guns/NRA Talk to Report Another School Shooting
Virginians mistake a dog for a lion, mass panic ensues, 911 calls released.
ESPN Wonders If Cutler Is To Blame For RGIII's Knee Injury
CNN interrupts Biden and NRA meeting coverage to report on YET ANOTHER FUCKING SCHOOL SHOOTING
Somali Pirate Kingpin Calls It Quits as Hijackings Plummet
Northern Minnesotean carver admits killing his wife with totem pole
Actual motherfucking snake spotted on actual motherfucking plane
Man stabbed after sign language mistaken for gang signs
Toronto District School Board education director Chris Spence resigns over plagiarism controversy
This bad boy was in a Dutch newspaper today
Lady CEO Of Archie Comics Accused Of Shouting About Penises (NSFW text)
Obama hears from Congress on adding diversity to his cabinet
Galaxy's centre tastes of raspberries and smells of rum, say astronomers
CNN interrupts coverage of Biden on the NRA with news of another school shooter
DJ who asked British Columbian premier her thoughts on being a "MILF" is fired by radio station.
Teaching IBM's Watson the meaning of 'OMG'
Seattle woman will eat food only from Starbucks for a year
This Is Guantanamo Bay's $400,000 Go-Kart Track
Noah's Flood was caused by gay marriage says evangelist
Cheating wife attempts to scare husband into leaving by having three men pretend to break in. Husband wakes up and mortally stabs fake burglar.
Trump will 'probably sue' Maher after proving mother didn't have sex with orangutan
Court writes off family's 655-year-old debt
Sammy Sosa's new company: Injex 21, specializing in needleless drug injections
Woman arrested for stalking herself
Japan's sex industry to slash prices to the bone in 2013
Brazil prostitutes are planning to learn English before 2014 World Cup
911 call made after Labradoodle mistaken for lion (with photos, video)
President Obama Would Choose to Fight the Horse-Sized Duck
Social Security Administration takes back reprimand of flatulent worker
Large pet reptile found guarding Calif. pot stash
Thieves use stolen debit card to do laundry
Crystal meth being looked at as a possible cure for the flu
Ohio School Board Votes to Arm Janitors, Who Are Not Exactly Armed Guards - Politics - The Atlantic Wire
an updated version of 'the dog ate my homework'...
Cardiff Blues: Jason Tovey's puppy eats his passport
Men dressed as Smurfs rob 7-11 in Australia.
Lion On The Loose Is Actually A Dog
Christian fundamentalists freak out over yoga in the military - Salon.com
Facebook charges $100 to message Mark Zuckerberg
Panicked onlookers dial 911 after mistaking dog for 'baby lion'
Sick gator found guarding Castro Valley pot stash
Anti-gay activist guilty of child pornography after videotaping daughter
Social Security Administration Gives Break To Employee With Flatulence Problem
US man stabbed several times after sign language was mistaken for gang signs Read more: http://montreal.ctvnews.ca/us-man-stabbed-several-times-after-sign-language-was-mistaken-for-gang-signs-1.1111142#ixzz2HiaUIyE9
GOP looks for ways to stop the rape comments
US man stabbed several times after sign language was mistaken for gang signs
Some joker in Japan responsible for a series of online threats is leading police on a merry chase around the country, with the hacker's latest clue leading them to a cat on a small island who really did, as claimed, have a memory card on his collar. Police apprehended the feline.
Robert Jarell Neal Accused Of Stabbing Deaf Man After Confusing Sign Language With Gang Signs
Bodacious Blonde Lusts Over Lamborghini
White House responds to We The People petition for the government to build a Death Star: "Why would we spend countless taxpayer dollars on a Death Star with a fundamental flaw that can be exploited by a one-man starship?"
Man wins fishing tourney with fish stolen from aquarium
This Isn't the Petition Response You're Looking For
Gun Enthusiast With Popular Online Videos Is Shot to Death in Georgia
Boy suspended after shooting classmate with finger gun.
Death Star Petition Gets White House Rebuff
Death Star Petition Gets White House Rebuff [x/post from r/politics]
Man Crashes Car Into Pizza Restaurant, Orders Pizza
Biden: "No Silver Bullet" to Ending Gun Violence, "Shooting for Tuesday" to Make Recommendations
Ohio Restaurant Appeals For Return Of Pet Chicken
OFFICIAL WHITE HOUSE RESPONSE TO: [Petition to] Secure resources and funding, and begin construction of a Death Star by 2016: This Isn't the Petition Response You're Looking For
US government rejects petition to build Death Star.
Satanists Rally For [Republican Florida Governor] Rick Scott
Starbucks: Dempsey Unfairly Charmed Tully's Auctioneers
Washington bureaucrats reject public request to build Death Star due to excessive cost
Why do criminals smuggle garlic?
Men armed with AR-15 rifles walk through Portland to 'educate' citizens
Dad poses as gunman to test school security, gets arrested
Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah Appoints More Women Than Obama
Man Dies After Dancing to Gangnam Style
Exposing Newtown conspiracy theory (tenured professor believes Newtown was a liberal anti-gun plot)
Vicar hospitalised with potato up his ass.
Emma Watson mistaken for child traveling alone at the airport
White House: Thumbs down on Death Star, thumbs up on space
Deaf man stabbed when sign language mistaken for gang signs, police say
What Did Vladimir Putin Say to Scare Young Boy?
U.S. government agency officially reprimands employee for farting too much
Anonymous Launches White House Petition Saying DDoS Should Be Recognized As A Valid Form Of Protest
NC deaf man stabbed over sign language because attacker thought he was throwing gang signs - News - Gaston Gazette
Patriotic Group To Build Armed Neighborhood Fortress
EXCLUSIVE: Teacher claims discrimination over her fear of kids
US shoots down Death Star superlaser petition
Paul Ryan once again sponsors the bill that would make it possible for women's rapists to sue them
Kids told to keep clothes on as police keep watch for paedophiles at Nude Olympics
'The Administration does not support blowing up planets': White House responds to petition asking it to build Death Star
Brussels-bound driver ends up in Zagreb!
Sidewalk COLLAPSES beneath overweight woman as she runs from the rain in New York City
Heavyset woman falls through Upper East Side sidewalk - NYPOST.com
Clocks, banking, chocolate and...
Distributive property is liberal agenda
Canadian Blood Services wants to change its current policy, and allow gay men to donate, but only if they haven't had sex in the past 5 years
White House nixes idea for trillion-dollar coin
Miss California thinks euthanasia is a vaccine
Brazilian Bikini Waxes Make Crab Lice Endangered Species
Brother and Sister Reunite After 65 Years thanks to the help of a 7 year old boy
Expanded DUI law in effect in N.H. You can be arrested for DUI of ibuprofen
Cat outperforms professional fund managers
Study into how porn affects men scrapped because researchers can't find ANY young men who had not seen it
Naked man wielding 'Samurai' sword arrested after standoff with police
Wyoming lawmakers consider declaring jackalope state's official mythical creature
CEO Loses Gun Permit Over Plan to 'Start Killing People'
Police: Deaf Man Stabbed After His Sign Language Was Mistaken For Gang Signs
Store manager tells thief to remove mask, so he does - Omaha.com
Jackie Chan back in action, branding US more corrupt than China
Chinese Prisoners Forced to Farm World of Warcraft Gold - Forbes
Obama Accepts Transparency Award In Private.
Cavs Are Saving Cap Space For Potential Run at LeBron James in 2014
Woman so fat she falls through NYC sidewalk and has to be lifted out with a crane, only to then claim being fat saved her life.
With Craft Beer on the Rise, Budweiser Admits Their Beer Has No Taste
Man raped by 5 of his wives (to death) for paying too much attention to the sixth wife
Life sentence for doughnut muncher who set stranger on fire
Deaf man stabbed after his sign language was mistaken for gang signs.
JIMMY SAVILE WAS PART OF SATANIC RING
Australian Police Arrest Four Smurf Suspects for Crime Spree | TIME.com
Pub landlord shell-shocked at eggceptional egg!
Tom Cruise thinks he's on Earth to vanquish aliens
On Scale of 0 to 500, Beijing's Air Quality Tops 'Crazy Bad' at 755
Yes, throw books at the shooter instead of shooting him back, great strategy, he may die a well deserved slow death by paper cuts. That will do it.
New NRA-Made Video Game Teaches 4-Year-Olds How To Shoot Assault Rifle
Flu Outbreak 2013: Many Americans Caught Off-Guard
Fish Catches Man In Florida (VIDEO)
GPS failure leaves Belgian woman in Zagreb instead of Belgium two days later
IBM's Watson computer has parts of its memory cleared after developing an acute case of potty mouth
Washington bureaucrats reject public request to build Death Star due to excessive cost - RT
Indonesian City Plans to Ban Women From Straddling Motorbikes to Prevent "Immorality."
A Corporation Is Not a Person for Car Pool Lane Purposes, Calif. Judge Rules
Clarence Thomas Breaks Nearly Seven-Year Silence To Make Fun of Yale
Virginia's attorney general says it's OK to break the law for Jesus
Star Wars Game Segregates Gay Characters onto 'Gay Planet"
300-Pound Woman Falls Through N.Y.C. Sidewalk
Area Man Joins Organization Where Nothing Much Ever Happens
Justice Thomas Speaks for 1st Time in 7 Years [NYT]
Baby shower turns into 200-person brawl ending in 4 arrests
Riots Break Out in South Korea After Foreigners Win Local StarCraft Tournament
NRA Releases A Video Game One Month After Sandy Hook Shootings
Provo police bust drug ring run by middle school student
Cops: Women stole police cruiser, drove to McDonald's
Breaking News: "US court drops charges on Aaron Swartz days after his suicide"
GPS sends Belgium woman on 1450km detour across Europe to Croatia
For the first time in nearly seven years, Justice Clarence Thomas talks during court arguments, delivers what appears to be a lawyer joke
Nudists Seek Corporate Sponsor Looking for Greater Exposure
Nation's first bookless library to open in Texas
Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court, by making a joke insulting Yale
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas Talks for the First Time in Seven Years. Says "Well, he did not..."
Seville zoo chimp addicted to porn
Town devastated by coal mine fire now also completely covered in dicks
Woman Drives for 900 Miles Instead of 90 Thanks to GPS Error
The Satanic Temple to Rally in Support of Governor Rick Scott January 25th, 2013
Pubic Lice Is Becoming an Endangered Species Because Everybody's Getting Brazilian Waxes (x-post /r/offbeat)
Supreme Court to consider if silence can be evidence of guilt | Reuters
How much will your taxes jump?
Can even Oprah save Lance Armstrong?
German woman tries to murder boyfriend with her 38DD breasts
Pretend news is the only remaining home for intrepid investigative journalists.
NRA works with violent videogame publisher on iOS gallery shooter
Cleaning lady steals train and crashes into house
Justice Talks, Breaking 7-Year Silence in Court
Swedish cleaning lady steals train, crashes into house
"Satanists to rally in support of Florida Gov. Rick Scott's 'defense of religious liberty'
Gordon Ramsay's dwarf porn double Percy Foster dies in badger den
Axe wants to make you the first dudebro in space
18 human heads found at O'Hare; no foul play suspected - Chicago Sun-Times
National Rifle Association launches shooting game for mobiles
Thief Steals Wheels From Disabled Kansas Dog
Good deny donkey murder.
Ohio teacher claims discrimination due to her fear of children
Wisconsin Gun Club Seeks To Host Annual Gun Show At A Local Elementary School
Officer declines to do 'super-duper' favor for drunken driver
Cat beats professionals in stock picking challenge | The National Business Review
BBC News - 'Insulting words' crime ditched
Clarence Thomas Breaks 7-Year Silence At Supreme Court
Ohio Teacher Sues School District For Discriminating Against Her Fear Of Children
Russia emerges from two-week new year drinking binge
Bradenton man Charles Ross arrested for giving people wedgies | wtsp.com
After blaming video games for school massacres, the NRA has made an iOS shooting game
Teacher with fear of young kids sues school district
High school principal suspended after appearing in Terminator parody video
Man who helped Sandy Hook kids is harassed by conspiracy theorists
400 pound woman grateful weight broke fall through sidewalk
Russian Soldiers Ordered to Use Socks
Deaf Man Stabbed After Sign Language Mistaken for Gang Signs
Everett principal, tech teacher suspended two days for 'Terminator' video
Megan Fox says she no longer emulates Marilyn Monroe Read more: http://www.ctvnews.ca/entertainment/megan-fox-says-she-no-longer-emulates-marilyn-monroe-1.1115212#ixzz2I4cA94N9
Megan Fox says she no longer emulates Marilyn Monroe
Poll: Santorum comes from behind in Alabama three-way
400 pound woman who fell through NYC sidewalk credits her weight for saving her from serious injury
Man thrown puppy at Hells Angels then escapes on stolen bulldozer.
Woman drives 900 miles out of her way after GPS error
VA SHORE: Man gets jail time after stealing underwear on way to jail
Pilot's kachori (snack) craving delays flight by 1 hour, Snacks on a Plane (onion = pyaz)
Kim Jong Il's Patriotism Inspires DPRK People in Building Thriving Nation [xpost /r/Pyongyang]
Alligator found guarding 34 pounds of pot in a Northern California home
Knicks deploy high-tech mics to record Carmelo Anthony's on-court chats
YouTube's Most Popular 'Gun Nut' Found Shot to Death, Surrounded by Guns
NRA releases shooting game under one month after the Newtown Massacre.
Tesco beef burgers found to contain 29% horse meat
Month after blaming violent video games, NRA releases iPhone gun game for children "ages 4 and up"
NRA launched free game that could allow children to play target practice and pay to unlock more powerful weapons
Satanists to rally in support of Gov. Rick Scott
John Rocker writes in column that Holocaust 'would have never taken place' if Jewish people had guns - NY Daily News
Republicans Accuse Obama of Using Position as President to Lead Country
Ad with full-frontal nudity delivered to some Halifax homes [Video]
The GOP is rebranding itself from a party that accidentally blows up the world economy to one that purposely blows up the world economy.
Denver mayor hurt practicing Ray Lewis's dance
Dead man in mortuary impregnates woman
Bradenton man arrested for giving people wedgies
Woman drives 3000km across multiple countries in Europe after GPS error. Was actually just trying to get to the train station.
Pilot's kachori craving delays flight by 1 hour - Mumbai Mirror (kachori = snack)
Cat Beats Professional Wealth Managers at Picking Stocks | TIME.com
Woman blindly follows GPS 3000km across multiple countries in Europe while trying to get to the train station.
Satanists planning rally for Florida Gov. Rick Scott
Maryland Republican: Gay Marriage Debate Caused Me To Get Drunk And Crash My Boat Into a Bunch Of Kids
Ohio teacher claims discrimination over fear of kids
Megan Fox Tells Esquire She Hates Fame, Speaks in Tongues
Gun lobby releases shooting game
NRA releases shooting game aimed at 12 year olds
Pooping Man Killed by Subway Train As Second Man Is Injured Nearby
Vancouver's Poor Laws: City council to approve $10,000 fine for homelessness
After a chase, Brookline cops catch troublesome turkey which has to be euthanized
Lost without a map: university students can't locate the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, and Africa
No 'Death Star' for U.S. Military, White House Says
Teacher who says she has a fear of children sues after transfer to middle school.
Cat Beats Professional Wealth Managers at Picking Stocks
Security Audit Finds Dev Outsourced His Job to China
Evangelist Claims God Gave Christians Diabetes Cure, Says They Won't Share With Non-Christians
Public banned from community meetings
Man outsources his own job to china, spends free time on Reddit.
Spanish Zookeepers Accidentally Get Chimp Hooked on Human Porn
NYPD Will Implant GPS Chips Into Pill Bottles to Combat Prescription Drug Abuse
94-year-old escapes hospital for birthday beer
Woman crashes train into house in Sweden - Yahoo!7
Being overweight SAVED my life: 400lb woman who fell through NYC sidewalk claims the fall would have killed a thinner person
For the second time in less than a month, a Maryland child is kicked out of school for using his finger in the shape of a gun
New weight-loss pump sucks food from stomach after meals.
The right's Colin Powell freakout: A FreedomWorks lady kicks him out of his own party after he criticizes Republicans' "dark vein of intolerance"
Parents Furious After Young Boys Suspended Over Playing With Imaginary Weapons At School
Satanists rally for Gov. Rick Scott
Rescue underway for woman stuck between 2 buildings
Chicago Pigeons Deported to Indiana
Gun Appreciation Day organizer insists he's honoring MLK's legacy
Wyoming bill would legalize collection of roadkill for food use.
US employee 'outsourced job to China'. Browses internet all day at work.
Woman wedged between 2 buildings in Portland
Husband jumped out window after knife-wielding stranger attacked couple in home
Thomas Lowe, attorney, had affair with divorce client, billed her for time they spent having sex
Woman accused of using her breasts to smother, kill boyfriend
Bishop says Mayan prophecy believers should donate to Church before world's end
Indonesian Judge Jokes That Victims May Enjoy Rape
Public banned from community hearings
Teacher who claims phobia of young kids sues school district
Puppy's life saved by vodka.
Man receives social security benefits because he is addicted to heavy metal.
Call to Bank of America.
Chinese father hires virtual hitman to 'kill' son in online games - so he will get a job
Google denies Street View car ran over donkey, adds to intrigue
Man dies pooping between subway cars as other man hit by train in same station.
Obama Almost Got Jury Duty Because Someone Tried to Vote as Him
Harper's Magazine reports joke story as real, blames 'nefarious CBC'
Mars Astronauts Should Be Vegan, PETA Urges
North Korea Says It's Found a 'Unicorn Lair'
Swedish School Employs Mandatory Minecraft Course
Police find crack hidden in W-B man's buttocks
Man outsources his own job to China so he could free up more time to surf the web
Schoolteacher with rare phobia of young children sues school district for making her work with them Read more: http://www.theprovince.com/health/Schoolteacher+with+rare+phobia+young+children+sues+school+district+making+work+with+them/7823260/story.html#ixzz2IAy9jzRe
Schoolteacher with rare phobia of young children sues school district for making her work with them.
North Korea Smokes Weed Every Day, Explaining A Lot.
Betty White to Turn 90 (Again) in New NBC Special
Teacher With Fear Of Young Kids Sues Ohio District
Manti Te'o's Dead Girlfriend, The Most Heartbreaking And Inspirational Story Of The College Football Season, Is A Hoax
Report: The Government Has Turned Down Lance Armstrong's Proposed Bribe Of $5 Million And Testimony
Flu Causes Ban on 'High Fives' at Soccer Club
Ohio Family Claims To Be Haunted By Ghosts Having Sex | Disinformation
New Sensitivity Training Helps GOP Understand That Rape = Bad
Republicans Accuse Obama of Using Position as President to Lead Country : The New Yorker
US Developer Outsourced His Work to China to Surf Reddit
Teacher Claims School Failed To Accommodate Her Pedophobia
Manti Te'o's Dead Girlfriend Never Existed
Money Actually Does Buy Happiness
Manti Te'o's Dead Girlfriend Never Existed, According To Deadspin
Can Obama raise the debt limit with a trillion dollar coin?
NH Governor against beer tax hike, "especially with the New England Patriots possibly headed to the Superbowl."
Study shows transplanting feces cures serious intestinal infections
$4K golden vibrator stolen in armed heist
Republicans Outraged At Obama For Supporting Reagan And Bush's Gun Policies
Marijuana growing operation discovered across from city hall
Porn star-turned-biology teacher who was fired after students downloaded her films onto their smartphones
Man arrested for giving wedgies, police say
U.S. programmer outsources own job to China, surfs cat videos
Gynecologist claims sex with pregnant patient was consensual.
Verizon finds US developer outsourced his job to China so he could surf Reddit and watch cat videos
Obama Furious He Wasted Week Posing for Coin
Washington Woman Accused Of Using Her Breasts To Smother And Kill Boyfriend
Automobile over-regulation forcing government to find new taxes to fund roads
Man Smothered to death by Girlfriend's Large Breasts
Man Smothered by Girlfriend's Large Breasts
Belgian woman puts nearby station's addrss into gps, then drives 900 miles to Croatia before realising gps is wrong
Video Prankster Arrested After Wedgie Attacks
Bubble football, or people smashing into each other wearing giant bubbles
Man locks up drunk cop
NHL: Stanley Cup chase promises thrills and free hot dogs
Drunk Man Drives 'Tank' Into Home
WNYT.com - Ohio ex-teacher sues, says she fears young kids
PETA takes on Nintendo's Mario and his Tanooki suit
Man caught outsourcing his own job to China
Transplanted Feces Cures Drug-Resistant Gut Infection
Utah smoothie shop charges extra fee for liberals
House Republicans Meet at a Former Slave Plantation to Practice Talking to Black People
Snail teeth inspire better solar cells and batteries because why the f*ck not?
'Make Me Asian' App Removed From Google Play Store
Man reportedly outsources his own job to China, watches cat videos
The superintendent at a suburban New York housing complex has been sent to prison for entering a tenant's apartment and having sex with a Labrador retriever.
Florida man run over, killed after dog pushes vehicle's accelerator - U.S. News
Republicans accuse Obama of using position as president to lead countr
Tsunami Barbell: A New Breakthrough In Fitness...from Wham-O?
Private Idaho Community Being Planned For "American Patriots" Only
Google denies hitting a donkey with Street View car in Botswana
Time Warner Cable Claims Netflix Isn't Playing Fair
Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot
Republicans Meet in Burwell Plantation Room to Discuss Communicating with Minorities
Poll: 64% of Republicans think Obama is "hiding something"
Florida Gov Rick Scott Accidentally Wins Over Satanists With School Prayer Bill
Floridian Satan worshipper fights to have prayer in schools.
GOP Polster: Stop talking about rape
Republicans gather at former plantation to discuss minority outreach.
Christian Right: "Hong Kong is No Place for Love"
Tiger Woods proposes to ex-wife Elin Nordegren, report says
Sources: Cross-dressing meth priest liked sex in rectory
Cameroon court frees 2 men jailed for 'looking gay,' ordering Bailey's Irish Cream
Website Sells Fake FB Girlfriends
Half-naked Russian runs 7 km in -40°C weather after falling off train
Guy Called the Cops Because His Spicy McChicken Was Too Spicy
Homeless Shoplifter Choked to Death by Store Manager for Stealing Toothpaste (x-post from /r/politics)
Mum sped through checkpoint with customs officer on bonnet
Skrillex sets his hair on fire at birthday party.
Westchester super gets 6 years in dog-sex case
Study: Global Warming Helps Polar Bears
Man outsources his own job to China so he could browse Reddit, Facebook, and Ebay.
British Agency Not Sure How Else to Advertise Energy Drink Called Pussy
Bitten by study bug, man obtains 31 degrees in jail
Cross-dressing meth priest liked sex in rectory
Son of Barney the Dinosaur creator shoots a man in the chest, cops say.
Zac Efron freaks out after being photographed near an array of dildos
The Bachelor's Sarah Herron: Having One Arm Helped Me Catch Sean Lowe's Attention
Exclusive: Zac Efron freaks out after being photographed near an array of dildos - NYPOST.com
Asians: Too Smart for Their Own Good? (xpost from r/foodforthought)
Did Google kill a donkey?
Library turns to pole dancing to entice new readers
Girl, 5, suspended from school after making terrorist threat
Cross-Dressing, Porn Store-Owning Catholic Priest Busted in Meth Ring
WW2 lard washes up on beach at Angus nature reserve
AG Holder Wants "Tough Penalties On Gun Traffickers Who Funnel Weapons To Dangerous Criminals"
Elephant Taunting - A Despicable Spectator Sport in Coimbatore Forests
Florida man killed by dog driving into him
Girl Scouts Book Refers Readers to Liberal Group Media Matters to Clear Up 'Media Misinformation'
School Guard Leaves Handgun Unattended at School
As Doping Scandal Unfolds, a Skeptical Public Wonders if Lance Armstrong Ever Really Had Cancer - News Makeup
New Scientific Study Proves Rock, Hip-Hop And EDM Responsible For Youth Delinquency
Fire crews rescue woman from a tight spot
Wrangler Denim Spa jeans moisturize your nether regions | Crave - CNET
Butter knife that failed to cut throat not a deadly weapon, court rules
BBC News - A cat is recovering after stowing away in an express train and travelling 1,700 miles (2,735km) in two days.
Newsweek cover calls Obama's inauguration 'The second coming'
Subway foot-long sandwiches one inch short; Facebook fans angry
Police looking for armed robber in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles PJs
Dog accused of rape, owner says.
Strippers cited in fight over disputed dollar
Cross-Dressing, Show-Tunes-Loving Connecticut Priest Busted for Selling Meth and Laundering Money Through His Sex Shop
A treasure chest filled with loot and hidden on a beach for a child's birthday party treasure hunt looked so realistic it was handed in to police.
Subway Says 'Footlong' Is Not Intended To Be A Measurement Of Length
Baseball team offers Manti Te'o Girlfriend Bobblehead Night
GOP Must Work On Persuasion, Says Man Who Constantly Calls All Liberals "Fascists"
Woman attacks man with Swedish sausage
Swedish School Now Has A Mandatory Minecraft Class
God Wants Americans To Shoot Guns, California Lawmaker Claims
Man who posted on Facebook "Well folks, I'm about to get shot" when a police chase ends after hitting a deputy's car head-on is fatally shot.
Canada and its 'out and out Zionist' prime minister have become the latest target of Iran's Press TV
Pennsylvania girl, 5, suspended for threatening to shoot girl with pink toy gun that blows soapy bubbles | Fox News
Lennay Kekua told Manti Te'o she faked her death to evade drug dealers
O'Hare to Offer Tiny Rooms by the Hour for Sleeping, Not Sex
NYC subway shoving suspect: I was having a bad day
Subway Response To 'Footlong' Controversy: Name 'Not Intended To Be A Measurement Of Length'
Condoms 'for Hard Times' Sold at Obama Inaugural Festivities
Predator priest returns to duty
Two People Accidentally Shot At A Gun Show Safety Checkpoint On Gun Appreciation Day
Person accidentally shoots self at gun show
Abraham Lincoln Did Not Invent Facebook
Canada put "wrong" maple leaf on new Canadian dollar 20 bill: expert
5 People Shot At 3 Different Gun Shows On Gun Appreciation Day
Mathematical breakthrough sets out rules for more effective teleportation
5 hurt in accidental shootings at 3 U.S. gun shows
London gallery unveils 'invisible' art exhibition
Manti Te'o Rebounded From The Death Of His Fake Girlfriend With A Real Girlfriend
Birds make music with bum [butt] notes
Private sales at gun show on hold after three hurt in accidental shooting
Gun Control - Jews vs. Hitler
3 Shot at First Annual Gun Appreciation Day
Code Developer Sends Own Job To China; Surfs Reddit All Day
Cops spied on each other to nab loo roll thief
Suspected goblins force clinic closure - NewsDay Zimbabwe (x post from r/worldnews)
BBC apologises after episode of children's show The Tweenies features character dressed as child sex abuser Jimmy Savile.
Miss America unsure about attending inauguration
Going for the 'stereotype of US gun supporter' award
CBeebies apologises for Tweenies Jimmy Savile spoof
'Adventurous' Woman Needed as Surrogate for Neanderthal Baby
Motorcyclist crashes, dies of head trauma while protesting helmet law. [2011]
Cross-dressing Catholic priest arrested for allegedly dealing in crystal meth
The US military has reached out to ESPN to seek help with managing the increasingly large volume of drone surveillance footage.
Glenn Beck Announces Plans To Build A Libertarian Disneyland
Husband Refuses 50 Shades Role Play, Wife Divorces Him
Alex Jones Says Gay People are Created by the Government
Another terrorist child busted. I feel much safer now.
SA's Zuma 'showered to avoid HIV'
Police Invoke the Spirit of Butt-Chugging to Try to Derail Wine in Grocery Stores
Lucky escape: Half-naked Russian runs 7 km in -40°C weather after falling off train
David Brooks Teaching Writings by David Brooks in Yale Course on Humility
Bestiality charges after grow-op discovered in dog kennel
Parisian man lives for 15 years in apartment just under 17 square feet.
Australian Library Moves Lance Armstrong's Books to the Fiction Section
Share on Tumblr 0 inShare News Kentucky man arrested after stealing from cops, posting evidence to Facebook [x-post from /r/firstworldanarchists]
Kentucky man arrested after stealing from cops, posting evidence to Facebook [x-post from /r/firstworldanarchists]
Five injured at three gun shows at Gun Appreciation Day
Kindergartner Suspended Over Bubble Gun Threat
Missouri school says girl, 13, should get a breast reduction. (xpost /r/NewsOfTheStupid xpost /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Missouri school says girl, 13, should get a breast reduction.
Egyptian activists teargassed during police brutality trial
Darwin woman accuses neighbor of stealing dog's sperm
Police officer storms into Krispy Kreme, demands doughnuts
Fecal transplant can quickly cure severe intestinal infections caused by a dangerous type of bacteria that antibiotics often cannot control.
Kentucky man arrested after stealing from cops, posting evidence to Facebook
"I fell into a canal whilst texting" (bear in mind this is national news)
Harvard scientist seeks 'adventurous female' to give birth to cloned Neanderthal | The Raw Story
Man arrested for biting 'snake-possessed' son to death
Grade school drug ring busted
Lance Armstrong books moved to fiction section in Australian library
Del. Dwyer partially attributes same-sex marriage for his drinking ahead of August boat crash
Fox News to Shut Down for Routine Maintenance Monday Morning at 11:30
Obama lookalike happy with 'four more years of work'
Teacher avoids prison in affair with student by marrying him
Malian troops too poor to train with real bullets - they just make the gun sounds instead
Engineers are cold and dead inside, research shows
Transit police left a bomb on a plane for two days after training their dogs, before they realized it was missing
Robber demands money from Starbucks; cashier gives him a coffee. He makes do, and is arrested shortly after. (xpost r/misc, r/wtf)
Scientists tap the power of "Lucifer"
Harvard professor looks for 'adventurous woman' who agrees to give birth to cloned Neanderthal
Five Injured in Accidental Shootings at Gun Shows on "Gun Appreciation Day"
France upset with United States for not vigorously supporting a foreign intervention
How Do You Spell Inauguration?
Gay People Finding Boyfriends on ChristianMingle? - "How confusing would that be, to find out you fell in love with someone from the same gender, just based on their conversation, humor and details of their life over time."
Wanted: 'Adventurous woman' to give birth to Neanderthal man - Harvard professor seeks mother for cloned cave baby
New Orleans Welcomes The Super Bowl With A "Roger Goodell Being Eaten By A Giant Vagina" Float
"Help wanted: 'Adventurous' woman to give birth to ... a Neanderthal baby?
Man Stole Dad's Corpse From Cemetery, Hoped to Bring It Back to Life
Cross-dressing meth priest reportedly liked sex in rectory
Squirrels dangerous to student health
Kerry council passes drink-drive permit motion - RTÉ News
Australian library puts Armstrong books on the fiction shelf after doping confession.
"On reflection, it probably wasn't the best decision" - man regrets buying 7,000 Lance Armstrong cycling tips DVDs
Police: Woman Smothered Man To Death With Her Breasts
Twitter feud between Paul Krugman and Estonian president to become opera
Car Crashes More Likely to Kill Fat People: Cars Must Be Redesigned, Experts Say
Norway goat cheese fire closes tunnel
Irish council approves motion to allow rural drink driving
BBC News - Irish council in Kerry bid to relax drink-drive limit
New species of spider builds fake spiders
Huge Swath of France Smells Like Rotten Eggs
Belgian woman blindly drove 900 miles across Europe as she followed broken GPS instead of 38-miles to the station
DragonCon co-founder back in jail for child molestation
Crosspost from /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut "Police are arresting youth for holding knives in Facebook photos"
DragonCon co-founder back in jail
Two strippers, one pregnant, brawl over a dollar
Sex with a donkey suspect arrested again
WANTED: Beautiful Women To Seduce Business Executives And Get Secret, Insider Information
Le Pong sours cross-Channel relations
Irish council legalizes rural drunk driving
British professor convicted of spraying polite graffiti on luxury cars
Zimbabwe: Big blast at sorcerer's house kills 5 | UTSanDiego.com
Chinese workers revolt over 2-minute toilet breaks at Shanghai Shinmei Electric Company
Federal lawyer suspended after suing his own department
MTA Employee Helps Customer
Professor Seeks 'Adventurous' Woman To Give Birth To Neanderthal Baby
US military says Martin Luther King would be proud of its weapons
Air Force Uses Martin Luther King Jr. to Promote Nuclear Warfare
Fat crash victims 80% more likely to die
On Roe Anniversary, Anti-Abortion Group Protested by Crazier Anti-Abortion Group
Woman, 18, Arrested For Allegedly Trying To Rob Pizza Delivery Driver With Hammer
Nerf toy causes lockdown at Long Island school
Man to have baby with his grandmother
'Prepare to die' t-shirt causes stir on flight
It's got to be rough on just $45 million per year.
Dr. King's Dream for the Global Strike Team
Japan's finance minister tells elderly to 'hurry up and die' to help reduce country's rising welfare bill
Texas Republicans Call For More Guns In Schools Following Shooting At Lone Star College
The Next Step in Eliminating Hunger: Teaching Kids How to Cook
Student expelled for hacking Quebec college system gets job offers - The Globe and Mai (x-post r/worldnews)
'Inigo Montoya' shirt upsets travelers, leads to awkward flight
Campaign to rid New Zealand of "Serial Killer" Cats
Oklahoma Republican blames gun violence on "overmedication of kids because of welfare moms"
Depression grows as world fails to end, millions lose faith in world apocalypse ever materializing
Let elderly people 'hurry up and die', says Japanese minister
Most parents 'lie to their children'
Goat has case of criminal vanilisation against him overturned. Continues to refuse to answer reporters questions.
Draft bust JaMarcus Russell says he'll make NFL return
Couple Gets Sick in Cuba.
Manti Te'o hopes 1-800-FLOWERS receipt from arrangement he sent to funeral proves he was duped by 'fake girlfriend' Lennay Kekua
Drunk driving cases tossed due to bad paperwork
Watermelon used as weapon in bus assault
Drunk Driving Permits Approved In Ireland
Accused child rapist gets special escort from court to dodge cameras
Australia: Gary The Goat Overturns Conviction
Flaming cheese shuts down road tunnel in northern Norway - The Washington Post
Top Japanese official urges elderly to 'Hurry Up and Die'
3D Printer to Carve Out World's First Full-Size Building
Giant goat-cheese fire closes Norwegian roadway for six days | The Sideshow - Yahoo! News
Arkansas State Representative: Slavery Was A 'Blessing In Disguise' For 'The Blacks'
Philadelphia fifth grader searched by school officials after bringing paper gun to class
Sadie, 11-Year-Old Transgender Girl, Writes Essay In Response To Obama's Inauguration Speech
The World's Most Accurate Football Predicting Camel Has Made Its Super Bowl Pick
Forthcoming 'Erotic' Novel Features Barack and Michelle Obama
L.A. Mayor Villaraigosa: The Next U.S. Secretary of Transportation?
Russia Orders Obama: Tell World About Aliens, Or We Will
Reality TV Producers Desperately Seeking Real Life Girls Just Like the Ones in Girls
'Princess Bride' quote terrifies passengers headed for New Zealand
Republican Congressman suggests 2nd Amendment includes right to own nuclear weapons
The Pirate Bay Documentary Will Debut Online For Free
5 year old in Pennsylvania suspended from school for making a "Terroristic Threat" involving a Hello Kitty bubble gun
Independence, USA, Glenn Beck's self-sustaining city and theme-park hybrid
Florida cops Taser naked burglar who pooped and masturbated when homeowner pulled a gun.
Sitting Is the Smoking of Our Generation
Inside Independence, USA, Glenn Beck's proposed self-sustaining city and theme-park hybrid
Prince Harry Compares War to PlayStation, and Taliban Are Not Amused - NYTimes.com
Frank Gore was fined $10,500 on Wednesday for wearing his socks too low
Samurai sword, crossbow and a gold-plated axe: Chilling array of weapons seized by police force in anti-violence crackdown
Lead-footed Calgary Cops Under Investigation After Alleged Race to Tim Hortons
Cheese fire in Norway tunnel burns for 5 days
Irish Council votes to allow drunk driving permits for rural citizens
Giant Goat Cheese Fire Shuts Down Norway Tunnel
Frank Gore was fined $10,500 on Wednesday for wearing his socks too low (non-mobile link repost)
Drunk Guy Gets Frostbite On His Junk After Trying to Have Sex With a Snowman
Soccer Player Kicks Ballboy in Stomach, Gets Red Card
Lawsuit claims Bloomberg's soda size ban racially unfair
Guy goes into pizza parlor to rob it, walks out with a free pizza and some wings.
Frank Gore fined $10.5K for wearing socks too low
Obama Urged to Resign Over Beyonce Scandal : The New Yorker
Dwayne Johnson Making 'Teddy Bear' movie, based on DeviantArt drawing
Frank Gore fined $10,500 - yes, $10,500 - for wearing his socks too low
Reluctant Thief Suffers Remorse During Robbery, Leaves Only With Pizza For Hungry Family
Mom left kids in crashed car while she got naked, ate ice cream
Cops arrested for racing to a donut shop
I can create a Neanderthal baby, I just need a willing woman
John Kerry's committee announces hearing on John Kerry's nomination as secretary of state - The Washington Post
Goat Made Law Look Like an Ass
Lego accused of racism by Turkish community who say toy is offensive because it is 'based on a mosque'
In malpractice case, Catholic hospital argues fetuses aren't people | The Colorado Independent
Young official flunks exam, gets promoted to vice mayor
Apple reports the largest corporate earnings in the history of the earth, stock down 10%
Catholic Hospital Argues Fetuses Are Not People
Ohio village to drop fake chicken to mark new year
Burger King drops burgers from Irish firm linked to horsemeat
'Old people should hurry up and die', says Japan deputy leader
Irish County Lets Some Drive Drunker?
Cat lady blows more than £700 a month on her 40 Persian cats | The Sun |Features
Florida Man Is Accused Of Illegally Injecting Silicone Into Other People's Buttocks
Vive 'Le Pong!': Foul French Smell Prompts Emergency Response
Frank Gore fined $10,000 for wearing his socks too low.
Study: Condoms Don't Reduce Pleasure in Men or Women
'Dell Dude' Says He Can Fix Dell.
Fat-shaming may curb obesity, bioethicist says - TODAY Health
Lolcat art: Gallery hosts exhibition of cat phenomenon
Man threatens to kill Obama to get chemotherapy
Ross Rebagliati aims to open medical marijuana dispensary
Rats eat part of woman's car.
Oprah protested for endorsing face cream made from foreskins
Man posing as doctor gave silicone injections, sealed with Krazy Glue
Getaway donkey foils thieves
German Soldiers Growing Breasts Because Of Gun Drills (VIDEO) (x-post /r/offbeat)
Gregory Matthew Bruni, Naked Intruder, Pooped And Masturbated In Tony Lands' Florida Home: Cops
Lego accused of racism with Star Wars set
Box of chicken, pillow, and tire iron used as weapons in fight over peach soda.
Would-be thief breaks down, gets pizza
New Mexico Bill Would Criminalize Abortions After Rape As 'Tampering With Evidence'
Weapons of Mass Distraction? German Soldiers 'Growing Breasts'
Is it him or isn't it?...Lookalike David Beckham fools punters in Tunbridge Wells | ThisIsKent.co.uk
Can building Snowmen really help to prevent flooding? BBC News
Ex-nfl offensive coordinator calls his firing "a brilliant move." (x-post r/nfl)
15,000 crocodiles escape from South African farm
Frank Gore fined for low socks
The End of Cats: An Interview With the New Zealand Economist Calling to Eliminate All Kitties
McDonald's Customer Says Spicy McChicken Is Too Spicy, Calls Cops
Russian Military searches for 'penis face' tattoos on soliders' genitals and buttocks to indicate they're gay - PinkNews.co.uk
Tom Tancredo Lost a Bet, So Now He Has to Get High
Free-Wheeling Skateboarders Seek Crackdown on Scooters
Thieves Rob Microsoft Office, Take Only iPads
Al Roker 'Amazed' That 'Pooped My Pants' Comment Went Viral
Defecating, Masturbating Naked Carnie Attacks Fort Myers Home
Man claims 140-year-old photo proves Nicolas Cage is a vampire (crosspost from r/wtf)
Irish County Council Votes To Issue Drunk Driving Permits To Rural Citizens
Congressman: "Obama Only Upholds The Soviet Constitution"
New Mexico Bill Would Criminalize Abortion After Rape As "Tampering With Evidence"
Security guard accidentally shoots penis off with illegal gun
15000 Crocodiles Escape from Crocodile Farm in South Africa
NM Bill Would Require Rape Victims To Stay Pregnant For 'Evidence' | Crooks and Liars
Homeless man threatened to kill Obama to get free health care in prison
Catholic Hospital conveniently claims fetuses arent people in malpractice lawsuit
Another Bootleg Butt Doc Busted After Krazy Glue Surgeries In South Florida Motel Go Awry
An In-Depth Analysis of a Piece of Shit
Police Arrest Intoxicated Zombie Shouter
Spicy McChicken Too Spicy, According To Man Who Allegedly Called Cops To Chinese McDonald's
Boy fakes own kidnapping to stop parents from meeting teacher
Cheap Movies And Software Might Soon Be Downloadable From A Rogue Caribbean Island
Rough Day for Alleged Violent Naked Pooping Masturbator
J.J. Abrams set to direct new 'Star Wars
Melody Valentin, 5th-Grader, Scolded and Searched for Paper Gun
Caravan can't be towed away
Kindergarten Student Suspended For Pink Bubble Gun Threat In Pennsylvania
Former Milli Vanilli member: People need to calm down about Beyonce lip-synching
Man claims 140-year-old photo proves Nicolas Cage is a vampire
Police porn examiner in Jiangsu stressed to finish 40k porn DVDs in one month (x-post from /r/WTF)
Obama Urged to Resign Over Beyonce Scandal
29 year old Muh dick nigger spawns 21 niglets with Eleven sows
$387Bn Congressional Study Proves 'Pen Not Mightier Than The Sword'
Congressman: "Obama is upholding a Soviet Constitution".
N.M. bill makes aborting a rape pregnancy 'tampering with evidence'
Emma Watson Stopped at JFK Airport & Mistaken For a Child
New Orleans Hornets to officially become New Orleans Pelicans
Always wondered when I'd get a weird thing in my Facebook feed. Well, here it is!
Scientists made a robot that can throw up
Joe Biden Cozies Up With Female Biker
An inflatable doll wearing a party dress lying in bed in a window display surrounded by empty wine and pill bottles is creating quite the controversy in a small Virginia town.
Risqué window display causing controversy
Naked Man Poops, Goes On Rampage Inside SW Florida Home
Child Abuse? 17-Year-Old Drops After Eating Only Chicken Nuggets Since Age 2
Spacecraft caused car crash, say pair
Joe Biden Recommends Buying A Shotgun When An Earthquake Strikes
French Government Abolishes the Hashtag
Bill Murray Calls Kelly Lynch's Husband Every Time The Road House Sex Scene Is On TV
Al-Qaeda commander killed for the third time
'Prostitute' Walks INTO Police Department for Fake Client
Making a mockery of the Saudi morality police
Catholic hospital argues that fetuses aren't people in a wrongful death suit.
Peru player sent home from U20 Championships for being a 25-year-old Ecuadorian
Peru player sent home from U20 Championships for being a 25-year-old Ecuadorian bloke
Cool job posting: Earn $20 pretending to hate wind energy
Cory Booker Helps Rescue Freezing Dog
Man's sex drive curbed by Naperville police: officials
Jobless teen hires fake Twitter followers with dole money
Oprah Draws Criticism for Endorsing Face Cream Made From Foreskins
Guy Figures If He Boots His Own Car, Thieves Won't Be So Tempted To Steal It
Subway is sorry its 'Footlong' came up short
Husband crashes car into river, wife follows suit 5 minutes later
Squatting in style: 23-year-old occupies empty $2.5 million Boca home
Tide detergent being stolen by the cart full.
Carl Pavano injures spleen shoveling snow
Mystery over Bumble Bee tuna worker cooked to death continues
Tennessee Legislator: Cut Food Assistance to Kids With Bad Report Cards
Smartphone too big? Get a smaller phone for your smartphone.
New PSA encourages men to pull up their pants
Baseball Player Ruptures Spleen Shoveling Snow
Arizona Republicans Propose Bill That Would Not Allow Atheists To Graduate High School
Connecticut town collecting and destroying "violent" games.
Peru player sent home from U20 Football Championships for being a 25-year-old Ecuadorian
Parents Sent to Sex Site Thanks to Typo in School Email
Texas GOP rejects 'critical thinking' skills. Really.
'Kindergarten terrorist': 5-year-old girl suspended over bubble-gun 'threat'
Diddy Sued For 9/11, $1 Trillion: Woman Claims Date Rape, Terrorism
South African police join hunt for 10,000 escaped crocodiles
WikiLeaks film script leaked to WikiLeaks
Vancouver protestors demand Oprah stop endorsing skin cream derived from baby foreskin
Typo puts porn link into school email to parents
Eyelid-weightlifting raises eyebrows in China
'Stoner Mice' Eat Marijuana Evidence At Kansas Police Storage Facility
Thieves stealing detergent, making clean getaway
Flaming cheese shuts down tunnel in Norway
Las Vegas fire official's home burns
Disabled students must be given equal access to school athletics
Muslim Rapist Avoids Jail Because He 'Didn't Know' Sex With 13-Year-Olds Is Illegal
Art Stolen, Fish Added at VMFA Pond
Rio's Exploding Manholes Menace Residents and Highlight Aging Infrastructure
Girl, 11, will be Britain's youngest mother
Tina Turner may become a Swiss citizen, give back U.S. passport
Panasonic: We'll save Earth by turning CO2 INTO BOOZE
Justin Bieber investigated for Assault ...WITH A NERF GUN!
Gun violence in Canada.
Man With 4th Amendment Written on Chest Wins Trial Over Airport Arrest
Elite soldiers 'growing left breasts'
North Korea's Moranbong Band Has Been Nuking America For Weeks!
Telecom Lobbyists Flood Media with Hit Pieces against New Book Criticizing Telecom Monopolies
Court: 93-Year-Old Kills Wife Of 70 Years Because 'He Couldn't Take It Anymore'
That's not Abraham Lincoln! Daniel Day-Lewis looks nothing like alter-ego at airport
Dung Beetle Uses The Milky Way For Navigation, First Animal Found To Do So
Spanish Moms Raise School Funds With Pinup Calendar
A Brooklyn thief steals an iPhone from a girl. In turn, a smarter person steals the phone from him. So the first thief reports this theft to the police. [x /r/apple]
Willie Frazer: IRA put horse meat in beef products. (Xpost /r/ireland)
Subway pledges to make all its Footlong sandwiches 12 inches.
Dad hires hit men to kill son's video game characters
10 Interesting Lessons from Creationist-Inspired School Books
Justin Bieber facing trouble over nerf gun fight
A Smartphone So Tempting That Even Its Thief Was Robbed
Britons advised to build an army of snowmen for a 'balanced thaw'.
Girl who sucked a bloody tampon married to guy who ate his own poop
DK church seeking priest who believes in God.
Berlusconi praises Mussolini on Holocaust Memorial Day
For the Sixth time in one week, Man Shot at Gun Show
2 men arrested for stealing chicken wings worth $60K
A Father in North Korea is reported to have been executed by firing squad after murdering his two children to eat them during a "hidden famine" that may have killed more than 10,000 people last year.
Fluorescent Green Kittens Could Help Study of HIV
Barack Obama: 'I go shooting all the time'
Flower-eating goat cleared of vandalism
Athens woman arrested for assaulting man with jar of olives
Grandpa saves children by punching a shark in the face
Autistic girl spent ten hours in a cell because police wrongly thought she was drunk.
Georgia man sues state for right to have gay-themed vanity license plates
Carlos Celdran found guilty of 'offending religious feelings'
Glenn Beck: "Don't trust conspiracy theorists".
The Most Ridiculous Law of 2013 (So Far): It Is Now a Crime to Unlock Your Smartphone [x-post from r/politics]
WikiLeaks movie script apparently leaked to WikiLeaks
HTC thinks a second tiny phone is the answer to your oversized smartphone complaints
Man Bets His Buddies He Could Eat Thirty Raw Eggs in a Row; Could Not
Factory fire went unnoticed amid severe China smog
Iran Says It Sent a Monkey Into Space
Boston Hip-Hop Youth Targeted in Anti-Sagging TV Campaign | AllHipHop.com
Boston Hip-Hop Youth Targeted in Anti-Sagging TV Campaign
Obama on 2016 endorsement: "I was literally inaugurated 4 days ago. And you're talking about elections 4 years from now."
North Korean man digs up dead grandchildren to eat their meat
Barbara Walters has chicken pox
Sounds of silence is a hit as recording
Man Stands Trial After Deadly "50 Shades of Grey" Sex Game with Girlfriend
Man dies after eating 28 raw eggs for bet
Family finds pet tortoise that was missing for 30 years as they clean out dead father's storeroom
A Republican woman trying to show how easy it is to commit voter fraud was arrested for voter fraud.
Omaha Sewer Fire Shuts Down Power
Mice steal marijuana from Wichita police evidence facility
Dewayne Patterson, Renaldo Jackson Stole $65,000 In Chicken Wings Amid Shortage
Male German soldiers develop breasts from drill training
Pope's dove of peace almost ends in pieces: Seagull attacks bird seconds after Pontiff releases it from Vatican balcony
Two Arrested in $65K Chicken Wing Heist
Tampon Girl' Giovanna Plowman Married On Facebook To Dino Bruscia, Guy Who Ate Human Poop
Tyler, the Creator Is on the New Miley Cyrus Album, on a Track Co-Written With Mary J. Blige
Louie Anderson -- Saved By Ndamukong Suh After 'Splash' Mishap
Color-Blind Man Is Now A Cyborg Who Can Hear Color
Two Men Accused Of Stealing $65,000 Worth Of Chicken Wings
Disneyland Sex Slave Pimp: I'm A Pimp For Life!
Office Established by Obama with Intent of Closing Gitmo . . . Closes
Digital Republicans Have Weekly Twitter Chat to Rejuvenate Before 2016
Decline In Printed Newspaper Leads To Puppy Poop Problems For San Francisco
Prioritizing Episode VII, Lucasfilm Postpones 3D Re-Releases
Bill Would Require Annual UT vs. A&M Football Game | The Texas Tribune
Man on probation for donkey sex arrested again
Colorado Middle School Student Brings Pot Brownies to Class
Man Receives Oral Sex; Must Pay Child Support?! - Legal As She Is Spoke
Worker dies after falling into machine at seat belt plant
Economists aren't politically driven, report economists
Ireland could allow "moderately" drunk driving
"Give me my porn back" - Bristol man takes police to court to get collection returned
Canned air for sale in China as smog returns
McDonald's to accept Monopoly money
2 Arrested in $65K Chicken Wing Heist | ABC News - Yahoo!
Oral sex 'assassination plot': Woman accused of putting poison in her privates in bid to kill husband
Thieves steal man's dreadlocks
Man sells canned fresh air in China
Woman sells 11-year-old daughter to repay debt in northern India
Singapore | Maids | Abuse
One day off for maids? Too much for Singapore
Pope's holy dove attacked by evil secular seagull
Man Arrested for Spitting on Sidewalk
San Francisco archbishop: Marriage equality 'is like legalizing male breastfeeding'
Marsha Blackburn Challenges Obama To Skeet-Shooting Contest
Cats killing billions of animals in the US
Football Club Galatasaray admit star signings are attempt to be more popular in FIFA 13
Cops: Man got into shower, threw cheese at underage girl
It Takes Planning, Caution to Avoid Being 'It'
Ray Lewis may have used deer-antler velvet extract, which he got from a former male stripper, to recover his injured tricep.
Glenn Beck is building a walled fortress city in Idaho, with no Democrats allowed and every citizen required to own an AR-15.
Ray Lewis apparently used deer antler spray to help fix his triceps
Zimbabwe has just $217 in the bank
Georgia man guns down immigrant after GPS sends him to wrong driveway
German Cookie Monster Holds Golden Biscuit Ransom
Phil Collins now dragged into the Ikea Monkey court case.
Chris Brown compares himself to Jesus after claims he assaulted Frank Ocean
Brothers assault Lynn University security guard with gravel, mango smoothie over towed Audi
Suspect Arrest for Drug Charges Brings Drugs to Court Date
Zimbabwe's bank balance stands at $217
Oklahoma pastor: You can't refrigerate homosexuality like pork, so it is still a sin
Dutch Queen Beatrix Abdicates Throne, Is Going to Disney World
Study Shows Occupy Wall Street Protesters Largely Rich, White Guys
Joe Flacco signs gummy-bear endorsement deal.
Fox News interviews Dick Cheney for gun control advice
Armed man on coke flees imaginary Croatians, deputies say
Baltimore Ravens QB Joe Flacco signs endorsement deal to score a lifetime supply of gummy bears
Illinois school plans to shoot blanks during drill to get students used to gunfire - NY Daily News
Illinois school plans to shoot blanks during drill to get students used to gunfire
Would-be carjackers foiled by mystery of the stick shift.
Caught Attacking Rape Victims, Rep. Cathrynn Brown Claims She Only Meant to Punish Those Who Help Rape Victims
Rave Reviews for North Korean Gulags on Google Maps
Carjackers, unable to drive stick shift, fail to steal Corvette
Zimbabwe has $217 in the bank: finance minister
J.Lo's Floating-Iceberg-Butt Dress Raises Questions
Canned Air For Sale in China
Zimbabwe Has Just $217 In The Bank, Finance Minister Says
Woman tries to kill husband by putting poison in her vagina then requesting oral
Indian-American Parminder Singh jumps into 100-ft mine shaft to 'appease gods'
Raelians defend Old Bridge third-grader who drew swastika for school assignment
New Jersey city runs out of cash for gun buyback program
Navy SEAL Awarded Silver Star For First Ever Confirmed Kill With Prosthetic Leg | The Duffel Blog
Zimbabwe had $217 in their bank account last week
Bullet kills driver after 'freak rebound' off boar
Prince Fielder, Miguel Cabrera weigh only 130 pounds less than entire '84 Tigers infield - Yahoo! Sports
Poll: Quarter of Americans say God influences sporting events
Pope's Dove of Peace Attacked by Seagull of Irony
Zimbabwe Is Down to Its Last $217
Flacco signs gummy bear endorsement deal
Smelly French family 'ordered to leave Musee d'Orsay' - Telegraph
Canada Tempts Fate With Tornado-Driven Power Plant: Canada, our neighbor to the north previously best known for moose and politeness, has undertaken a daring new project. They are harnessing the power of a tornado and using it for the good of mankind.
Israel's secret program to sterilize Jews without their consent has resulted in dramatic fall in birth rates in the Ethiopian immigrant community.
Injured tourist carries own skull home in baggage
Fox Asks 'Dead-Eye Dick' Cheney for Gun Control Advice
Man Shot in the Eye Says Worst Part of His Week Was WWE Royal Rumble Outcome
Man breaks out of jail then stops for a beer
Zimbabwe finds only $217 in its bank account
Ronald Reagan's Childhood Home To Be Bulldozed For Possible Future Home Of Obama Library
U.S. Senator: "I Think Video Games Is a Bigger Problem Than Guns"
Cancer fight 'hampered in UK by stiff upper lip'
Wind turbine collapses in high wind
Chicken wing thiefs caught, wings still missing
5 year old threatened with suspension for making a gun out of lego [x-post from /r/WTF]
Hooligans halt train to cover it with graffiti (VIDEO) - RT
Would-be car thieves gave up when they couldn't drive a stick
Japanese Olympic judo coaches accused of beating their players | The Raw Story
Mass Shooting Takes Place While Senate Holds Gun Hearing
House bill would ban human-animal hybrids
Police charge 'Murdastyle Teazy' in Louisville nightclub shooting
Evangelical Pastor convinced followers his penis contained HOLY MILK, arrested
Deer-antler Salesman saw Alabama Players Use Product
Gay chocolatiers forced out of remote Scottish village
Yes, a US Senator just said games are a bigger problem than guns
Cops handcuff and interrogate boy, 7, for hours over missing $5
Cops troll murder victim on Facebook
Behind the scenes at a naked yoga class in Edmonton
Ann Coulter Refuses to Board Airplane With Black Pilot
People Who Smell Badly May be More Likely to Commit Murder
Cit Commissioner Too Sick to Attend Sick-Leave Vote
Ticket not paid, instead displayed, intoxicated man now in jail's shade
BBC News - Zimbabwe 'had $217 in account'
Ashton Kutcher hospitalized after trying all-fruit diet
Company selling canned "fresh" air captured from cleaner parts of China, to the residents of smog-polluted Beijing.
Tennessee dog dies on Thursday because he is "gay"
Two dancers at an exotic club in Wisconsin have been cited after they allegedly brawled over a dollar bill.
'Respect my privacy' says man who went through lawmakers' desks
Bullying boosts children's social status, study shows.
Last two speakers of dying language refuse to talk to each other
More housework, less sex for married men: study
5 most obscure props Lady Gaga grinded on at Tuesday's Concert
Son 'beheaded mother for looking like a witch'
North Korean parents 'eat their children' after being driven mad by hunger in famine-hit pariah state | Mail Online
New Mexico Couple Charged with Locking Disabled Daughter in Cage, Going to Movie [x-post from r/rage]
Tennessee dog dies Thursday because he is 'gay' (xpost from /r/tennessee)
Man faces 10 years in prison for beating boy who refused to eat banana
Customs officers at JFK seize two women carrying six kilos of cocaine inside home-made diapers
Beyoncé is Hygenic, Sends Hand-Written Thank You Notes
Prince Charles shows he's just a regular bloke by taking the subway for the first time in a quarter century
Woman dies of heart attack caused by shock of waking up at her OWN funeral
President Vladimir Putin Hires Boys II Men for Concert to Promote Fertility
New Mexico Couple Charged with Locking Disabled Daughter in Cage, Going to Movie
Criss Angel's Puppy Disappears
Pope Benedict's Dove of Peace Attacked by Vicious Seagull | TIME.com
BlackBerry names Alicia Keys global creative director
Irish American 7-Year-Old Girl Saves Mom's Life by Slapping Her with a Pizza Slice
Welcome to Britain. Our Weather Is Appalling.
Zimbabwe says public account stood at $217 last week
Man Fatally Shot After GPS Takes Him to Wrong House
North Korea 'Under Martial Law' [X-post r/Worldnews]
Mud: Tokyo's latest culinary sensation. "Japanese chef Toshio Tanabe is serving up what can only be described as wet soil to his customers"
North Korea 'under martial law'
Brazilian Pastor had an encounter with Jesus in a brothel and gave him the mission of spreading the sacred semen throughout the state.
5-year-old threatened with suspension for making a LEGO gun.
NYPD lawsuit: 7-year-old handcuffed, interrogated 10 hours over $5 lunch money
US: Dog condemned to death row because his owner thought he was gay
Menswear Dog Shares Classic Couture With Man's Best Friend
I feel safer now: Little 5 Year Old Boy Suspended For Making "Lego Gun" At School
Sadistic methods of raising children absolutely normal in US
Noisy flatulence interrupts court session
Vijay Singh's use of banned deer antler spray to be investigated
Harry Potter dwarf spared jail over juggler's hat sex act
Putin brings in Boyz II Men to boost Russian birthrates
British Columbia approves shooting one species of owl to save another
Police chase was on van driver's Mayan Apocalypse bucket list
Court bans man with low IQ from having sex - Telegraph
Cookie monster steals golden cookie, blackmails biscuit firm.
Internet 'weighs the same as a strawberry'
Customer Service Rep Fired After Creating Online Game About Being A Customer Service Rep
Man Robs Waffle Houses To Pay For Girlfriends Probation
Saltzman Too Sick to Attend Sick-Leave Vote
New Orleans Man Drowns at Party of Lifeguards
Motorcyclist crashes in helmet law protest, dies
Man in Beijing sells canned fresh air
Facebook Is About to Save This 'Gay' Dog from Being Euthanized
Woman Allegedly Robs Manteca Bank During Test Drive « CBS Sacramento
Trent Reznor: New Band, New Song, New Video, Still Terrifying
It Takes Planning, Caution to Avoid Being 'It' - WSJ.com
Gays Can't Marry Because... They Plan Babies?
Genius female chimpanzee found to be smarter than U.S. high school students
Going too far? School disciplines kids for imaginary sword fight.
Indiana man offered coworker $15,000 to kill estranged wife, police say. Hitman told not to harm family dog.
Fourth-grader wins science fair with drug-sniffing dogs, ounce of cocaine
Discovery of 'whale vomit' by British man Ken Wilman could be smelly windfall
Chinese Entrepreneur Offers Canned Designer Air To Citizens Suffering From Smog
New Tool Album Delayed by Freak Scooter Accidents
China's Deadly Smog: Millionaire Chen Guangbiao Sells Cans of Fresh Air
Dreamcast Creators Throw Party After Hearing Vita Selling Worse than Dreamcast
Man, 47, "too young" to buy beer
Girl, 5, suspended from school for making a "terroristic threat" after talking about her Hello Kitty bubble gun.
'Gay' dog spared from death penalty in Mississippi
Boy charged in brother's death may attend funeral
Florida man arrested after pocket-dialing 911
German biscuit-maker appeals to Cookie Monster thief | Reuters
Don't Have Health Insurance? Start Your Own Insurance Company!
Wind knocks down 80-foot wind turbine
Hitler's Toilet Has Been In New Jersey All This Time
Homeland Security has advice for confronting mass murders: scissors
Student Leader Attends Weekend Retreat, Roommate Farts All Over Belongings In Absence | Campus Basement
GOP Montana Legislator Wants State To Spank Criminals | ThinkProgress
Zimbabwe has just $217 left in their bank account, Finance Minister says.
Boyz II Men Recruited by Vladimir Putin to Boost Russia's Libido This Valentine's Day
Boyz II Men Hired To Help Raise Russian Birth Rate
Trap rapper Gucci Mane speaks at career day in Atlanta school.
Owner Sends Dog To Kill Shelter For Being 'Gay' « CBS Charlotte
Fire carnage at Black Forest camel farm in Germany
Publisher of BitTorrent for Dummies Suing BitTorrent Users for Illegally Sharing For Dummies Books
Virginia GOP hold women and minority outreach panel in room named after a wealthy slave-owning family.
ID Sen. compares health care to Holocaust: 'Like Jews boarding train'
Obama's Uncle to Face Deportation Hearing
Texas billionaire Atlantic City casino owner fined for gambling
'Gay' dog saved from euthanasia by Facebook campaign
Police: Jail escapee found at nearby bar drinking beer
Whale Vomit Found on Dog Walk Worth £100,000
Chinese businessman sells cans of fresh air in Beijing smog
Mother wanted for Neanderthal baby
Do These 7 Things And You May Get Alzheimer's
Dog in Tennessee, set to be euthanized after its owner abandoned it because he thought it was 'gay', spared from gas chamber.
Beyoncé Just Held a Press Conference So That She Could Sing the National Anthem Live For Everyone
Man finds rare whale vomit worth $65k
Suspect Urinated on Hands to Wash Away Gunshot Residue, Prosecutors Claim.
Winner of Roach-Eating Contest Dies
Convicted murderer Steven Robbins mistakenly released from custody
Zimbabwe Has Only $217 Left in the Bank
Romney's lush greenfro wins the Chia swing vote
Oprah strains back lifting gift from Tyler Perry.
Burger King reveals its burgers contained horsemeat
The More Republicans Know About Politics, the More They Believe Conspiracy Theories
Thomas Edison was a ninja | Fox News
Jellyfish on Nelson Shores Look Like Breast Implants
UPDATE: Elephants stranded on side of the road, west of I-70 crash Fox 59 News - fox59.com
Dog surrendered to shelter and facing death because owner believes hes gay (x-post from r/pets)
Charlton County teacher accused of having sex with 7 students
Cans of fresh air for sale in China
Campfield's Solution for Kids Who Fail School: Starve Them. (x-post from r/politics)
Fried Chicken Used As Weapon In Fight Over Big Peach Soda
Justice Clarence Thomas Breaks His 7-Year Silence With Joke
Military drills conducted in Downtown Miami
16-year-old screamed as he was hacked to death with swords in central London
Soldier Admits Shooting Man Trying to Cure Hiccups
Taylor Swift Broke Up With Harry Styles Because He Wasn't Circumcised
Dog put up for adoption in TN because owner says he's "gay"
Chinese Father Hires Hitmen To Kill Video Game Addict Son's Avatar
UND topples Husky Women
Americans shocked to learn that there isn't actually a Social Security crisis.
Man who adopted his wife's last name is accused of fraud
Xbox hack brings heavily armed cops to frightened family's home
Owner Sends 'Gay' Dog to be Euthanized
Zimbabwe has just £138 left in the bank
Istanbul: Official home of the moustache transplant
Burger King admits it has been selling beef burgers and Whoppers containing horse meat
Teen legally known as 'Girl' wins court battle to use her own name
Tokyo homeless woman lived in stranger's cupboard for a year
Convicted murderer mistakenly released from custody
Owner Sends Gay Dog to be Euthanized "because he saw his male pitbull/American bulldog mix humping another male dog"
Girls' Lena Dunham and Jenni Konner are developing an HBO show about way more privileged women in New York
'Gay' dog in Tennessee shelter gets speedy adoption after story
Elton the gay dog gets saved
North Korea Hopes to Stop Western Spying by Placing Door Over Nuclear Facility Entryway
Vladimir Putin recruits Boyz II Men to help boost Russian birth rate
Hillary Clinton Takes a Rest, How Weird Is That?
Fort Hood soldier admits shooting friend while trying to cure hiccups
Terrified Muslim family flee home after a burning cross wrapped in ham was left on their doorstep
Two hitment high on heroin call on the wrong house and kill wrong guy.
Man mistakes belly button as vagina
The neighbour walks her girlfriend on a leash. What do I tell my kid?
Nabokov Museum Vandalized for "Promoting Pedophilia"
Workers demand back pay, 'Gangnam Style'
Golfer Vijay Singh Admits to Steroid Use
Vladimir Putin calls on Boyz II Men to help boost Russian birth rate
Fourth-grader wins science fair with drug-sniffing dogs and an ounce of cocaine
Daily Kos: National Review outraged that Obama called Holocaust 'senseless violence'
Law School Offers Straight Cash To Make Students Study For The Bar
Vladimir Putin hires Boyz II Men to boost the Russian birth rate
Bottled AIR: Chinese multimillionaire sells EIGHT MILLION 80-cent cans of fresh air in TEN DAYS
SEC panel seeks stock exchange only for the rich
'Nappy' hunters leave Norwegian baby bottoms bare
Kansas Supreme Court: Strippers eligible for unemployment insurance
EA Confirms Madden NFL 25
Man impersonating police officer pulls over a police offer.
Man impersonating police officer pulls over a police officer.
The 'Shania Twain Centre' to be demolished and turned into an open-pit mine
Bullet falls from sky, goes through 8-yr-old's foot
Vladmir Putin Hired Boyz II Men to Sing Until Russians Make More Babies
Meth-dealing ex-priest purchased adult shop in North Haven
Living Social Deal: Learn How to Watch a Football Game in a Snap
Man accidentally shoots himself in grocery store bathroom
Japanese Women Undergo 'Snaggletooth' Procedure
Was the Iranian Space Monkey Launch a Hoax?
2nd Graders learn grammar by correcting the tweets of NFL players. (x-post from r/nfl)
Vladimir Putin brings Boyz II Men to Russia to Up the Birth Rate
What would Jesus brew? Man says image of Jesus appeared on beer case
Login with Facebook to see what your friends are readingEnable Social Readingi David Henry SterryAuthor, activist, performer, muckraker, book doctor GET UPDATES FROM DAVID HENRY STERRY Like 18 Mexican Drug Lord Officially Thanks American Lawmakers For Keeping Drugs Illegal
Should President Obama ban football?
Chinese Dad Has Burmese python Babysit His Son
California governor weighs parole for Charles Manson follower
Mexican Drug Lord Officially Thanks American Lawmakers For Keeping Drugs Illegal
2nd graders learn grammar by correcting tweets from NFL players
Woman who never wants sex again
The National Review Complains That Obama Was Too Hard On Nazis
(Australian Edition) Bathroom explosion as woman kills spider
Vancouver store hit by car for 10th time
Spider Blamed For Sydney (Australia) House Explosion.
"Put that in your Pipe and Smoke it" Among Classes Canceled, Altered at Reed College
Japanese pop star shaves hair off and makes public apology for staying at her boyfriend's overnight
Vladimir Putin Enlists Boyz II Men To Raise Russia's Birth Rate
Amy's fairground attraction: Amy Wolfe is in the midst of a rollercoaster relationship - after falling in love with a fairground ride.
Suicide bomber blown up prematurely by spam text
Jesus Arrested for DWI While Operating a Backhoe
Two strippers cited for disorderly conduct after brawl over a single dollar.
White House releases photo of Obama shooting shotgun - CNN Political Ticker
Skeptical of the U.S. dollar, a legislator from Montana asked the state to be paid in silver and gold coins.
Russian judge fired after falling asleep in court, then giving defendant a 5-year sentence
Helicopter searches for party going teens
Guard abducted by men with "munchies"
NJ School Implements 'No Cursing' Rule But Only for Girls
Dozens of Harvard students suspended in cheating scandal. The course was Government 1310: "Introduction to Congress" (x-post from /r/news)
Owner sends 'gay' dog to be euthanized. X-post from r/vegan.
Dozens of Harvard students suspended in cheating scandal. The course was Government 1310: "Introduction to Congress" (x-post /r/news)
Harvard students withdraw after cheating in 'Intro to Congress' course
In Lagos Nigeria there's a new young men's tattoo craze: colouring your bottom lip pink[x-post from r/WTF].
Person sends their 'gay' dog to be euthanized
They missed the opportunity to call it Perri-Air
As Self-Immolations Near 100, Tibetans Question the Effect
Whisky expert's drinking hand slashed by antique Bowie knife
Florence student suspended over picture of gun
Bud, and Corona don't mix, Justice says
Bud, Corona don't mix, Justice says
Mom Busted Selling 6-Year-Old for Sex After Unlikely Hero Turns Her In
VA Gov. to Increase Fees on Hybrid Cars, Eliminate State Gas Tax
Caltech snaps 228-game skid
The Problem With DIY Penis Implants
Men in women's lingerie rob man in Airline Highway motel room, NOPD says
Now the FDA Is Trying to Kill Smokers
US and Mexico reach tomato deal to avert trade war
Good Smell Perplexes New Yorkers
American Sniper author Chris Kyle shot dead in Texas
Catholic group claims 'gay' dog rescued from death is anti-straight discrimination
"Burkas for babies": Saudi cleric's new fatwa causes controversy [x-post from worldnews]
Vlogger starts a fundraiser to make a documentary about vloggers
Madame Tussauds melts Jimmy Savile waxwork: Hitler and Michael Jackson stay
Hitchhiker saves woman from Jesus
Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell wants to charge hybrid drivers $100/year for using less gas. [x-post from r/politics]
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper Locks Himself In Brazilian Bathroom Until He Gets His Way
Some vegan dog-owners now forcing their pets to eat a vegan diet
Ray Lewis cried after watching 'SNL' skit about him crying
Lightning exits from woman's bum
Drugs Being shot by Cannon into US
Highly Anticipated 2013 'Antichrist' Book Just Released
13 twelve year old girls beat up woman for fun
Racist black South African cops locks up 3 year old white girl overnight. Threatens to to keep her in there if she don't' stop crying.
Zimbabwe Has $217 in the Bank
Hitchhiker Gives Psycho the ax
French women finally allowed to wear pants in Paris
Cats deadlier than anyone realized.
In China, A Breath Of Fresh Air (In A Can)
Man Allegedly Tries To Walk Out Of Costco With 24 Quarts Of Oil - Strapped To His Body
Tea Party Launches a Facebook Clone to Combat Liberal Bullying
Man saves wife's life after she tries to poison him with her vagina...
The Monkey Uprising Has Begun in Saudi Arabia
Obama must face the rise of the robots
"Christian" black metal band attacked by fans
Meth Addict Accidentally Burns Down World's Fifth-Oldest Tree (Updated)
The Superdome Scores a Touchdown for Energy Efficiency
Ray Lewis says God proves his innocence in 2000 incident
World Peace Throws Punch
Kirksville man arrested after moped chase
Gun Sales Soar on Photo of Armed Obama
Women in Paris finally allowed to wear trousers [x-post /r/worldnews]
Pilot 'wanted to rape flight deck'
In a rush to urbanize, China flattens 700 mountains
Iran shows off new stealth fighter jet, aviation experts mock it as fake. Iran shows new jet flying, turns out to be a toy.
Can This Dog Solve the Black Dahlia Homicide?
One Pill Makes You Autistic - And One Pill Changes You Back
Iran shows off new stealth fighter jet, aviation experts mock it as fake. Iran shows new jet flying, turns out to be a toy. (x-post r/worldnews
Boston University Study Says Black Women are Fat Because of Child Abuse
"Flying bear" kills 2 Canadians in freak crash
Women in Paris finally allowed to wear trousers.
Women in Paris finally allowed to wear trousers A 200-year-old law forbidding women to wear trousers in Paris has finally been revoked. - [X-Post from /r/WorldNews]
Zoophiles protest against German bestiality ban
Apple Trademarks the Shop
Qatari man to sue Lance Armstrong for motivating him to exercise under false pretenses
A skeleton found beneath a Leicester car park has been confirmed as that of English king Richard III
'Dark Knight' villain Bane takes heat for Super Bowl blackout
Ahmadinejad says he is ready to be first Iranian in space
Morning Briefing: Osama bin Laden hide-out being turned into amusement park
JELL-O Is Sending Truckloads Of 'Consolation Pudding' To Depressed 49ers Fans In San Francisco
Canadian man who won all expenses paid trip to the Super Bowl refused entry into the US over 1981 bust for 2 grams of pot
Man uses scantily clad daughter to sell 1977 Datsun on Ebay
Suicide is the second leading cause of death of young people...in the USA's most aged, most rural and most boring state. [No Shit]
Police: Woman arrested after mistakenly driving to police station on way to bar
Women In Paris Told They Can Wear Trousers
Zimbabwe bets entire national budget on Fulham win against Manchester United. Well United won.
Pakistan to build amusement park in Osama bin Laden town
Mississippi House bill on banning "human-animal" hybrids
Pittsburgh girl, 6, crashes car in bid to see dad
Lars Von Trier Finds Willem Dafoe's Penis Confusingly Large
Did Beyonce flash an Illuminati sign? Why did the Superdome power go out? Your Super Bowl mysteries, solved!
Man dies raping woman (x-post JusticePorn)
White Woman Wears Afro, Life Changes. Or Something.
A security guard tasers a woman, gets crowdsourced donations
Man Dies Raping Woman
Ahmadinejad says he wants to be Iran's first astronaut
Failed FEMA Head Michael Brown Finally Pays Attention to the Superdome
Criminal Cookie Monster Blackmails Biscuit Firm
Texas 6th graders design flags for a new socialist nation
John Kerry to write 'JK' after all of his State Dept. tweets
California Preschool Closing After Alleged Sexual Activity Between Students
Ravens lost Lombardi Trophy after Super Bowl XLVII
Did Beyoncé Flash an Illuminati Symbol During Super Bowl Halftime Show? | Video
Ohio man derpdozes $350K home to avoid foreclosure
Some metro Detroiters worried that new DTE smart meters are making them sick
President Obama Commemorates the 'Senseless' Holocaust
President's Council on Jobs Is Let Go
Ahmadinejad wants to be first Iranian astronaut
Bin Laden city Abbottabad to build amusement park
3 in 10 Americans think God determines Super Bowl outcome
Murderous driver foiled by homeless, hitchhiking, hatchet-wielding passenger
Art meant little to artist, but owner is happy to have it
When people talk politics to me.
Strom Thurmond's mixed-race daughter dies at 87
Library offers free pole dancing class to draw visitors
Vladimir Putin Enlists Boyz II Men to Boost Russia's Declining Birth Rate
The Great Norway Diaper Racket Is the Best Arbitrage Ever
Jodi Arias Says She Dated Abusive Vampire Hunter
Don't make racist jokes GOP rep. tells McCain
New Jersey, home of Hitler's toilet
Bin Laden-land? Pakistan launches amusement park in town where Osama died
Donald Trump to Sue Bill Maher Over Ape-Sex Claim (Video)
3 Girls Busted for illegal Lemonade Stand
7-Year-Old Suspended from School for Playing Imaginary Game
Pants ban dropped: Paris women allowed to wear trousers after two centuries
Criminal Cookie Monster to return golden biscuit
Brazilian pastor is behind bars after telling his flock that his penis contained 'holy milk'
Former SC GOP head on Twitter: "This Super Bowl sucks more dick than adult Trayvon Martin would have for drug money."
2 female journalists intentionally pooped their pants on the bus. The bus-company will claim damages. [Finland]
Shenyang McDonald's apologizes after woman served detergent
Berlusconi is his idol, so he gets his faced tattooed on the forearm.
First porn star in space says sex will be too 'difficult' without gravity
North Korea video shows US city under attack
NORTH Korea has poached Michael Jackson's peace anthem We Are the World to soundtrack a chilling video showing a US city under missile attack.
Donald Trump sues Bill Maher after winning bet proving he is NOT "the spawn of his mother having sex with an orangutan."
North Korea 'propaganda video' uses Modern Warfare 3 footage
Steve Resigns as Cook sets to improve Apple turnover
Katie Holmes ready for dating, but nervous - report
Ke$ha Announces Plans To Release Documentary...No Seriously
Donald Trump Continues His Quest To Be The Most Ridiculous Man On Twitter And Sues Bill Maher After He Proves He Isn't An Orangutan
3 "John Lennon" arrested and 1 killed in Brazil
'Cookie Monster' thief returned 44-pound golden biscuit to German baker
North Korea Threatens Missile Attack on US Using Modern Warfare 3 Footage
Ravens "misplace" Lombardi trophy after a night of heavy partying
Tug-of-war battle results lost fingers
Students who lost fingers in tug-of-war recovering
Donald Trump Sues Bill Maher After Proving He Isn't An Orangutan
Children experiment sexually -- "Their lives will be ruined in many ways because of it."
Zimbabwe Down to its Last $217
Man tattoos his name across his girlfriend's FACE - and they only met 24 hours earlier
Campaign launched to change Kentucky Slogan to "Kentucky Kicks Ass"
Judge who shoved deputy found not guilty by reason of insanity
A 5 year old girl from Pennsylvania has been suspended for threatening to shoot her Hello Kitty bubble gun at another girl
Lakers' World Peace Banned From Nets' Game for Punching Opponent
Hatchet-Wielding Hitchhiker Defeats Racist Jesus
Reuben Foster, top LB recruit with massive Auburn tattoo, re-commits to Alabama
Baby crushed by car containing China one-child policy team
Boy, girl lose fingers in tug-of-war at L.A. school
Insanity verdict could help judge with history of mental illness return to the bench
Ahmadinejad wants to be first Iran astronaut
Amusement park being built where Osama bin Laden was killed
Teen Gives Judge Middle Finger, Gets 30-Day Prison Sentence [Video]
Two students lose fingers in tug-of-war at California high school
Osama Bin Laden Amusement Park: Pakistan Plans Attraction In Town Where Bin Laden Was Killed
To boldy go: Woman bids to be first porn star in space
5 Long Island residents charged in stolen-shrimp-for-drugs ring
UK buys 160 mini-helicopters (like the toys) for ~$193,000 each
Florida man arrested for driving drunk INSIDE a Walmart
Ontario cheese factory fire could lead to a poutine crisis
Students lose fingers during tug-of-war
Two-year-old phone receives 15-month-old software update
The guy at Broad and Vine dressed in a KKK robe is not in the KKK
Free Pole Dancing Classes at Library 'great success' With Readers
Parisian Women Legally Allowed to Wear Pants for the First Time in 200 Years
Prolonged TV viewing linked to lower sperm count
Texan caught having sex with horse, trying to conceive centaur.
National Front Page News: Obscure High School Football coach surreptitiously videotaped commenting on Michelle Obama's posterior
Couple Is Addicted to Coffee Enemas, Pooping Their Brains Out
Punch Gets World Peace Suspended
Conrad Farnsworth, Wyoming Teen, Builds Nuclear Fusion Reactor In Garage
3-year-old S.C. boy killed after mistaking pink handgun for toy
U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders on Monday urged Vermont lawmakers not to impose a three-year moratorium on the construction of new wind power projects in the state because he believes it would hurt efforts across the country to combat global warming.
Nearly 10% of Canadians confess to sex in a canoe, 22% to threesomes in new survey
2nd-grader suspended over imaginary grenade
Online Class on How To Teach Online Classes Goes Laughably Awry
University strips German education minister of doctorate after plagiarism probe
Rupert Murdoch Emerges as Winning Bidder for Richard III's Bones
Schools on lockdown after couple with hunting rifles seen nearby
Open Source Death Star Hits Kickstarter After Government Foolishly Refuses To Build One
Man tattoos his name across FACE of woman he met only 24 hours earlier - and now they're getting married
Man arrested for selling half-eaten chicken sandwich to undercover cop
Newtown Students May Now Be Singing 'Call Me Maybe' at the Grammys
Manti Te'o taking indefinite leave from Twitter
Victim is labeled a predator because he's a boy. Boy is a 4 year old preschooler who received oral sex from a 5 year old female preschooler. (xpost from r/rage)
N.R.A. Defends Right to Sell, Purchase, or Own Politicians
Family Cleans House, Finds Pet Tortoise Missing Since 1982
Newtown kids to be featured on E! Grammy preshow
'Don't Say Gay' Sponsor Compares Homosexuality To Injecting Heroin
Three College Filmmakers massage each other in a "shirt-less massage train" to raise money for their film!
Hong Kong's ban on baby milk formula trade adds to tension with mainland China
Montana Bill Proposes Spanking Instead of Jail Time
New Monty Python Movie Announced...With Robin Williams
North Korea Turns 'We Are the World' Into an Anthem of Death and Destruction
Education minister loses doctorate for plagiarism [xpost from /r/germany]
City workers repaint spot as handicap zone, tow car
Education minister loses doctorate for plagiarism
Banana mogul refused to call 911 for dying three-way sex partner, cop says
Toaster Related Deaths at an All-Time High
Hatchet-Wielding Hitchhiker Saves Woman From Racist Jesus
Volunteer discovers a new 17 million-digit prime number (x-post from science)
Volunteer discovers a new 17 million-digit prime number
Sexual Encounters Allegedly an 'Everyday Thing' Among Students at California Preschool
Former Softcore Porn Star Is China's Hottest New Politician
Belarus government 'human rights report' blasts U.S. suppression of Texas
Falling construction worker saved by bubble wrap
Egyptians, short on food, are told to eat less
Aircraft crashes after crocodile on board escapes and sparks panic.
Iranian leader Ahmadinejad targeted with shoe in Egypt
Monopoly to get new lineup of tokens
The world's longest cat has died
Man evicted from gym because of perspiration/sweat odor
Montana man made up sob story that got him pizza
Hair today, gone tomorrow: Japanese pop star Minami Minegishi shaves head after getting caught having sex
Brazilian man posing as a pastor managed to convince some people that his penis contained "holy milk."
Boy, 7, suspended for throwing imaginary grenade
Tel Aviv woman's car painted into handicapped parking spot and towed
Chinese women rent boyfriends to take home for holidays
Colorado boy, 7, reportedly faces suspension for tossing imaginary grenade
Katy Perry dresses like a man as she fulfills her teenage dream.
North Korea propaganda taken off YouTube after Activision complaint
Oops! Woman mistakes police station for strip club
Homeless Hitchhiker Saves Woman From Jesus Attack With Hatchet.
Teens face felonies for throwing snowballs
Former Target Store Manager to Oversee Nation's Nuclear Security
Car left on island of asphalt by Edinburgh Waverley workers
California man taken down at gunpoint for photographing airplanes
Ohio sheriff warns Obama on gun control.
Australian children to be banned from blowing out candles on birthday cakes together because they might spread germs
Women's Unclean Breasts Cause Diarrhoea, Says Egypt Prime Minister Hisham Qandil
Manchester Mother Finds Blood-Covered Heroin Needle in Tesco Bread
Prison officer busted after becoming pregnant by cop-killer she was guarding
Chris Brown "Deserves Respect," Says Chris Brown
HELP! Even Menial Jobs Are Now In Danger Of Robot Takeover [VIDEO]
Mexican girl gets pregnant at just eight years old (x-post from r/worldnews)
Paris finally says 'oui' to women in trousers
Idaho Lawmaker Proposes Bill Requiring Students To Read 'Atlas Shrugged'
Arkansas Recruit Can't Commit Because His Mother Ran off With His Letter Of Intent
White rescues obscure blues music.
The NRA's pathetic excuses for opposing universal background checks
(North Carolina) State's new pre-K chief opposes pre-K
Shootout Over Who Makes Better Kool-Aid
German education minister stripped of PhD for plagiarism
Bill Would Require Every High School Student in Idaho to Read Atlas Shrugged
What happens at an atheist church? - BBC News
Site Copies Content and Uses the DMCA to Take Down the Original Articles
Redneck purchases private jet
Intel launches the Yolo, its first smartphone for Africa
Zlatan Ibrahimovic donates salary to Zlatan Ibrahimovic
World trembles in confusion and/or fear at Iran's fiberglass airplane - "Stealth" plane reveal follows possibly triumphant launch of monkey into space.
Iran denies space monkey hoax
Brazilian police arrest series of crooks all named John Lennon
US manufacturing jobs are leaving China and returning to robots in the US
Modest Japanese want undies for David
Charlie Sheen wants to return to '2.5 Men': 'I am dead, but so's the show'
Mexican girl gets pregnant at just eight years old
Children Allegedly Engaged In Sex Acts With Each Other At Carson Preschool
Lawsuit: Disneyland's White Rabbit Refused To Hug Black Children
Teens Lose Fingers In Game Of Tug-O-War
Homeless hitchhiker with a hatchet stops a man claiming to be Jesus from killing a woman and a utility worker.
Shocker! Internet Votes Cat as New Monopoly Piece
Dragon attack sends 2 to hospital
Boulder neighbors to host memorial for 50-year-old tree cut down this week
Villages residents stung by rising golf-cart insurance premiums
666 on tax form makes man quit job to save soul
Tony Romo's bachelor party: No alcohol, hide-and-seek in the woods
So I guess ties are sexist now
17,000 Dollar Hungry Virginians Died Today.
Nine-year-old Mexican girl gives birth to healthy baby daughter
Panda Diagnosed As Insanely Cute
Instaprank- good old post of the loading screen and tag of a gullible mate.
Bunch of bastards prank an irishman
Former hand surgeon Michael Brown accused of choking flight attendant
School workers on leave over duct-taping shoes
Man is arrested for spraying woman with semen at a local Giants grocery store
Man who slayed 2 New York Cops Impregnates Prison Guard
Prosecutors seek life sentence in Amish beard-cutting case
Idaho State Sen. Introduces Bill Requiring Students To Read 'Atlas Shrugged'
Man quits job to save his soul.
Great tits: still murderous, rapacious, flesh-rending predators!
Jello Pudding Promotion Cause of Minor Riot
Jello Pudding Promotion Cause of Bizarre Minor Riot
Worlds youngest mother, a nine-year-old Mexican girl.
Three arrested in Oompa Loompa attack
Egypt PM Blames Health Crisis on Dirty Breasts
North MP hot under collar at fetish mistake
Alicia Keys Criticized for Sitting During the National Anthem
Chinese Family Ashamed After Little Japanese Boy's Visit
'Marijuana' in undercover deal was sandwich, Burlington police say
Two Finnish Journalists Poop Their Pants On A Bus, Write About The Experience
Disabled Goldfish gets underwater 'wheelchair'
666 on tax form causes Christian worker to quit his job
Man Sentenced for Abusing Great White Shark
Porn Legend Jenna Jameson Arrested After Hitting a Large Pole
Monsanto Joins World Business Council for Sustainable Development
Burglar Tries to Disguise Himself as the Sun
Steven Seagal will help Sheriff Joe Arpaio train his posse
In Newtown's Wake, Schools Crackdown on Imaginary Weapons
Clarksville man quits job after getting W-2 earnings statement No. 666
Runaway Goat Captured By Former African Goat Herder In Brooklyn
Banana big refused to call 911 for dying three-way sex partner, cop says
Baby crushed by car containing China's one-child policy team
Fouth John Lennon arrested in a month.
Black family claims Disney's White Rabbit character refused to touch their kids
Second grader suspended from school for 'saving the world'
Family claims Disney's White Rabbit is racist
Dad Pays Teen $200 to Quit Facebook
Clarksville man gets tax form marked 666, quits
Car towed after workers turn legal parking spot into handicapped space
man mistakes sign language for gangs signs stabs deaf man
Fan buys 18 Sixers tickets for less than a buck
Amazon Poised to Sell Used E-books
Eyeball-dropping testimony leads to Philly mistrial
Japan town demands underpants for Michelangelo's David, stays quiet about Venus's boobs.
Gun control is sexist.
Open-source Death Star project launched on Kickstarter
Did Medical Marijuana Get Too High?
RESTAURANT bible the Michelin Guide says its name has been hijacked - by a website featuring football legend Michel Platini dressed as a GIRL GUIDE.
Idaho bill would require students to read Ayn Rand's Atlas Shrugged in order to graduate
U.S. Cancels Regular Drone Strikes on Saturdays
Findus beef lasagne contained up to 100% horsemeat, FSA says
Dont Pooh Pooh the Poop -- Doctors Recommend Poo-Juice Fecal Transplants
Tenn. man quits job after "666" stamped on W-2
Lutheran pastor apologizes for taking part in Sandy Hook service
UK: Lasagna products 60 percent horsemeat.
US Quietly Ramps Up Security Along the Canadian Border
Australian Kids Face Birthday Candle Ban
Curiosity Rover Drills Into Mars for 1st Time
Andrew Mendoza Had Sex With Horse, Was 'Trying To Make The Horse Have A Baby': Statement
Accused Felon Offers Freestyle Rap Defense
'Satanic' 666 Omen on Tax Form Causes Tennessee Man to Quit Job
Man Quits Job Over 'Satanic' 666 on His W-2 Form
Florida Senate draft legislation would shrink Citizens
Arkansas recruit's mother reportedly steals letter of intent and hides before he can fax it
Roger Goodell Was Protected by Secret Service Agents During the Super Bowl
When We Hunt, Do We Murder?
Council Candidate Balks at Campaign Finance Questions From 'Pretty Girl'
NC lawmakers introduce Possum Rigth ti Work Act
Man Literally Drives Through Restaurant And Orders Pizza
Brett Eric Drachenburg, Burglar, Tries To Disguise Self As The Sun: Cops
City Workers Paint Handicapped Space Around Woman's Car, Tow the Car Away
Mailman chokes girl for laughing at him when he accidentally walked into female restrooms'
Barista gives up on coffee shop, When asked what he'll do next he says "If I do anything, it wouldn't be in the service-related field."
Amish children take on burden of hard labor as parents face jail for violent beard cutting attacks
Norway Faces Butter Shortage Crisis; Battle for Black Market Butter Begins
Second-grade student suspended for throwing an imaginary weapon
Tennessee Christian quits job, refuses to file taxes over '666' on W-2 form
Fox News expert on solar energy: Germany gets "a lot more sun than the US." Video included.
George W. Bush's bizarre bathroom self-portraits laid bare by audacious hack
Fired Dick Morris Lies On CNN About Lies on Fox
Monopoly Gamers Choose the Cat to Replace the Iron
Mother is banned from her own disability tribunal because of her wheelchair
Couple Addicted to Coffee Enemas, Up to Four Times a Day
Twelve-year-old girl launches Hello Kitty into space.
Southern Baptist Leader: Gay Ban Is 'the Heart and Soul of Scouting'
Playground closed because some complained it was too bright
Tennessee Republican compares homosexuality to 'shooting heroin'
Carlos Romero, Donkey Sex Suspect, Says It's His Constitutional Right To Have Sex With Animals
Palestinian prisoners in Israel smuggling out sperm.
AOL's Dial-Up Subscription Business Produces More Than All Of The Company's Profit
Tennessee Man Quits Job After Getting W-2 with '666' on it
Man accidentally shoots himself in groin with flare gun
Overanalyzing George W. Bush's Painting of Himself Taking a Shower
Zlatan Ibrahimovic announces he is donating his entire salary to Zlatan Ibrahimovic
Academic takes swipe at David Attenborough wildlife documentaries for ignoring gay animals
Super Bowl blackout due to electrical device
Taser use on hearing-impaired boy preventable, report says.
Australian children are to be banned from blowing out candles on communal birthday cakes under new hygiene regulations
Mom Passed Drugs To Son In Jailhouse Liplock
Justin Timberlake is now the Creative Director for Bud Light Platinum
Cause of Super Bowl blackout installed to prevent Super Bowl blackout
FIFA unveils anti-corruption website
Wolves to be 'educated' not to kill sheep
Spokane Target manager now leads nuclear security
Super Bowl blackout traced to a device that installed to prevent a power outage
Super Bowl blackout traced to a device that was installed to prevent a power outage
Justin Timberlake named Creative Director for Bud Light Platinum
Accused Witch Burned Alive
Fierce Reaction Greets Study of Alleged Hate in Palestinian Textbooks: Finding That Class Materials Don't Vilify Jews Sparks Fury
Man wore body armor and carried gun, machete, Valentine's Day card as he followed his estranged wife to work
Norwegian Boy Fends Off Wolfpack With Heavy Metal
Study: Children Strongly Opposed to Children's Healthcare
Amish Sect Leader Gets 15 Years in Beard-Cutting Attacks
Super Bowl outage traced to device used to prevent power outage
Priceless Lourve painting defaced with 9/11 truther graffiti
Tea party students to protest butt-plug giveaway: North Carolina State University purchased about $300 worth of items to demonstrate safe sex - including an "anal plug," six vibrators, three dildos and a "booty booster."
666 Stamp on W-2 Form Prompts Contech Maintenance Worker To Quit
SFO cancellations cause of East Coast Snowstorm
Amish beard-cutter Mullet jailed
iPad app replaces physical Bible in New Jersey swear-in ceremony
Amish Sect Leader gets 15 years in prison for beard-cutting attacks
TV reporter discovers Onion stories are fake
Sam Mullet, Leader of Amish Hair Cutting Attacks, Sentenced to 15 Years Prison
Samuel Mullet Sr., ringleader of Amish beard-cutting attacks, sentenced to 15 years in prison
Greatest Living President is Also Fantastic Painter (I'll let you guess it's NOT Obama, Clinton, or Carter)
Think Nemo's Bad? In Brazil It's Raining Spiders
Father Pays Daughter $200 To Stay Off Facebook
WA Senate passes gender-neutral language measure
Ohio Amish beard-cutting ringleader gets 15 years
Mom Of Autistic Boy Says Illinois Pizza Shop Told Her To Just 'Pack Up Your Retarded Kid And Stop Being Lazy'
Higher alcohol prices result in fewer alcohol-related deaths
Justin Bieber becomes youngest artist with five No. 1 albums
'No practical use' for 17-million digit prime number
Girlfriend Accused Of Running Over Boyfriend, Then Helping Him
Nelson Mandela Is Allegedly A Huge Fan Of 'Toddlers & Tiaras'
Greatest Living President is Also Fantastic Painter (xpost)
The problem with the situation is it looked like the police had the goal of administering street justice and in so doing, didn't take the time to notice that these two older, small Latina women don't look like a large black man
Fox Cedes America's Solar Industry To Germany -- Germany does better than US in solar energy because "they have more sun than we do"
Private Prison Company Celebrates Black History Month
Boy Caught Red-Handed Denies Eating The Sprinkles
Car Crashes into Crowd at Vigil for Hit & Run Victim
Stella! Ornery dog leads to $1M Idaho lottery win
Amish Sect Leader Sentenced to 15 Years in Beard-Cutting Attacks
Man has sex with neighbor's horse after being stood up by his girlfriend "I was trying to make the horse have a baby. I was thinking it would have a horseman baby."
Publisher of "BitTorrent for dummies" sues BitTorrenters
MRI machine snatches police officer's gun during burglary investigation at doctor's office
wat am i doing
Minami Minegishi, of Japan's teen girl band "AKB48," shaves head, apologizes for having boyfriend
A couple cheats on each other
Florida couple are 'addicted' to coffee enemas - NY Daily News
Florida couple are 'addicted' to coffee enemas
Attenborough documentaries 'ignore gay animals'
Tax cheats suing UBS for not stopping them from cheating
NAACP: Black Holes Are Racist
The president isn't claiming too much power to kill Americans who join al Qaeda -- but too little: by John Yoo
Bill Murray catches a bank robber in Tokyo.
Amish beard-cutters: Ringleader Samuel Mullet Sr jailed for 15 years
Florida judge approves birth certificate listing three parents - Yahoo! News Canada -Link Shared from Drudge Report for Android
Naked man chokes dog, bites owner, gets shot in foot
Woman fined for bedazzling her court-ordered ankle monitor
Amish beard-cutting ringleader sentenced to 15 years in prison
Florida couple addicted to coffee enemas, 100 a month
Sperm smuggling alleged at terror prison
US Air Force veteran, finally allowed to fly into US, is now banned from flying back home.
If a hairball brings people to God, let's keep the hairball
Chicago police no longer responding to all 911 calls
LSD 'helps alcoholics to give up drinking'
"Sex Prophet" blames Gays for water shortage
Safeway's frozen shepherd's pie looks like poop
Joe Arpaio, Steven Seagal Train Posses To Guard Schools
Charlie Sheen To Accused Killer Christopher Dorner: Call Me
Charlie Sheen Pleads with Christopher Dorner ... CALL ME!!!
Expert Gran Turismo Drivers Can't Race In Real Life... Because They're Too Fast
Man faces arrest for speeding at 68 mph-on a skateboard.
Man quits job over 666 on tax form
4th grade hero calls alerting school to 5th grader's plan to shoot girlfriend the right choice
Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio: Steven Seagal to train posses to defend schools
The United States doesn't get enough sun for solar to be feasible energy source
Advert for 'reliable workers' banned as discrimination by Jobcentre Plus
Rogue Amish leader Samuel Mullet given 15 years in prison for hair cutting hate crimes
Ron Paul Calls on United Nations to Confiscate Domain Names of His Supporters
Aldi confirms up to 100% horsemeat in beef products
Black Man In KKK Robe Says Black On Black Violence Worse Than Klan
Dorner manhunt: LAPD will give new truck to women shot by officers
Completed playground can't be opened as it is "too brightly colored".
Florida woman arrested after genital kicking spree
Jamie Foxx: 'Black People Are The Most Talented People In The World'
Bullied Boy Kills Tormentor with One Punch
Dolce & Gabbana Releases Baby Perfume
Ron Paul Wants RonPaul.com So Badly That He's Asking The UN For Help
Actor Steven Seagal trains Arizona posse on school security
Fox News Mistakes Lesbian Couple For Straight Couple, Posts Wedding Photo In Anti-Equality Op-Ed
The founder of match.com, Gary Kremen, lost his girlfriend to a man she met on match.com
Charlie Sheen to alleged US cop killer: 'Call me'
Daily Mail website was caught with its trousers down on Saturday evening thanks to the ingenuity of an impoverished Reddit meme creator
Ron Paul Calls on United Nations (Which He Doesn't Believe In) to Confiscate RonPaul.Com
Sri Lankan inmate stashes phone in rectum
Meet The Florida Couple Who Is Addicted To Butt-Chugging Coffee
Nelson Mandela loves Toddlers & Tiaras show, says granddaughter
Church closes food bank because it attracts poor people
Second family accuses Disneyland of racism after Donald Duck refuses to hug their son
Cruise safety drill results in five deaths
Condor Gets Loose At Hockey Arena During Bakersfield Condors Pre-Game
Anti-Evolution Missouri Bill Requires College Students to Learn About Destiny
An Irish anti-gay marriage group is threatening to sue a student newspaper for criticizing their campaign videos (x-post from /r/worldnews)
Florida Couple Addicted to Coffee Enemas
The five craziest stories of 2012 - Unicorns, mommy porn, and spaceships included!
Car hits mourners of man hit by car.
Fox News Reports on Jenkem"
Sheriff hires Steven Seagal to train Civilian Posse
A Watch That Runs On Two Live Lobsters
Local Students Want "Traditional Prom", Gays Banned
James Blunt 'stopped World War 3' after refusing to destroy Russian forces
French police can't tell which identical twin is wanted for sex attacks
Despite media reports, George W. Bush didn't paint as well as Hitler
Teacher Suspended After Pouring Pencil Shavings In Student's Mouth
Frustrated Justin Bieber fails at sabotaging Grammys, posts topless Instagram
Jewish Marine Refuses To Conduct Annual Gas Mask Qualification
While UK copes with horse meat, Australia prepared for Alpaca meat
French police don't know who to charge after DNA evidence leads to arrest of identical twins over sexual assaults
7-year-old interrogated for 10 hours over missing $5, family outraged
Book Excerpt from A#@holes | The Scientist Magazine®
Charlie Sheen to Christopher Dorner, ex-LAPD officer-turned-accused cop killer: 'Call me'
Carrie Underwood Wears $31 Million In Diamonds To The Grammys
Pope Benedict XVI to resign on February 28
Horse meat found in British supermarkets 'may be donkey'
Sir David Attenborough accused of 'ignoring gay animals' in BBC documentaries
Zoo Hires Famed Pianist to Sexually Arose Tortoises
Chris Brown is the only one sitting as he loses a Grammy Award to Frank Ocean
Florence auto shop owner now owns Hitler's toilet
Pizza Hut Perfume Now Available In U.S.
Town in mourning after the world's largest crocodile dies
Black family accuses Disneyland's White Rabbit of racism after it 'refused to touch their kids'
Boy And Girl Meet In Person For the First Time, Girl Lets Boy Tattoo His Name On Her Face
Job offer, Seeking New Pope for Immediate Start
Sheriff Arpaio Recruits Aging Action Star Steven Seagal To Train Vigilantes To Patrol Schools
Sir David Attenborough accused of snubbing gay animals
Barry Manilow Reveals Why He Was the 'Justin Bieber of the '70s'
World's largest crocodile dies of chronic diarrhoea
Clarion County Open Carry Walk Looks to Make Guns Less Scary :: exploreClarion.com
Facebook Post Initiates Felony Charges For Dogfighting
Technology Company Founder Was Raised By Hippies and Didn't Have a Toilet Until He was 8
Even Radiologists Can Miss A Gorilla Hiding In Plain Sight
Burglar pocket-dials 911 in mid-robbery. Then hides and is given away by his phone again.
The Man Who Shot Osama Bin Laden Prefers to Call Him 'Poopyface'
Man holding chips fights off attack
Glenn Beck Calls 911 After Accidentally Eating Halal Pizza
Steven Seagal, Sheriff Train Arizonans to Guard Schools...
Goals against Bayern Munich are so rare that (goalkeeper) Manuel Neuer has stopped paying attention
American Citizens Split On DOJ Memo Authorizing Government To Kill Them
Proposed Law: Privacy Policies Must Be Less Than 100 Words (Says 336 Word Bill)
NYC Valentine's Day sewage tour back by 'overwhelming demand'
Ron Paul asks UN to strip RonPaul.com domain ownership away from supporters
Funion News: Bill Gates Shows Off His 80-inch Toy
Solar industry grapples with hazardous wastes
Public told to go to hell, name Pluto's two new moons
Zombie Emergency Alert Hacked Into TV Broadcast and Tricks Montanans Into Real Walking Dead Scenario
CNN Anchor Asks If Approaching Asteroid Was Caused By Global Warming
A signal from above? Lightning hits St Peter's hours after Pope Benedict stuns cardinals with first resignation in 600 years
Pope Benedict XVI 'taking decision away from God': Joe Hockey
Biden denies possibility of papacy
NZ First MP: Ban Muslims from flights
Pope Bono? Bookies Give Odds for Next Pope
Lightning Hits Vatican After Pope Resigns
Art Critic Praises George W. Bush as Painter
11 year old fakes own kidnapping to prevent parent-teacher meeting
Bookmakers see three-cardinal race to be next Pope
Lightning Strikes St. Peter's in Vatican City
Man Arrested For Hitting His Boyfriend With A Plate Because He Listens To Too Much Alanis Morissette
Police superintendent: "Chicago does not have strict gun laws"
Man Quits Job After Getting W-2 with "666" On It
Report Implicates Chinese Officials in Human Body Plastination Abuse
Horsemeat found in British supermarkets 'may be donkey'
Coffee is sad because Mountain Dew is launching a breakfast drink
Seen At 11: Medical Condition Causes 'Alien Hands' To Have Minds Of Their Own
Obiwan Kenobi accused of meth possession
Zen Groups Distressed by Accusations Against Teacher
Man Tries To Make A Baby With A Horse, Obviously Fails
Old is the Loneliest Number that You'll Ever Know | WTFreud.com
TV 10 Station Hacker Warns Of Zombies In Montana: A Montana television station's regular programming was interrupted by news of a zombie apocalypse. The Montana Television Network says hackers broke into the Emergency Alert System of Great Falls affiliate KRTV and its CW station Monday.
Woman pays $180 for wooden iPad
Woman gored by rhino after safari guide told her to get closer for a photo (x-post from r/worldnews)
Is Being Fat Really So Bad? New Study Says Yes
Heart Attack Grill spokesman dies of a heart attack
Woman gored by rhino after safari guide told her to get closer for a photo
Bill Gates gets 80,000+ comment karma in one day. I think I'll kill myself.
Japanese Chef Unveils Secret Ingredient in $100 Meal: Dirt
Snoop Dogg Is Writing A Children's Book About Smoking Weed
John Brennan, CIA nominee, may have converted to Islam: report
Hackers break into Montana TV Emergency Alert System, warn community that the dead are rising from their graves
Tea Party Issues Scathing Rebuttal to State of Union Twelve Hours Before Speech
Man bit off, swallowed cousin's ear lobe during fight over loud music: Police
WSJ - Family adopts Agile development framework as a way to organize their home
Man arrested for hitting bf with plate for listening to too much Alanis
Birth defect leaves baby without bottom
False Zombie Alert in Montana
Man hits boyfriend in face with plate for listening to Alanis Morissette
Tea Party issues scathing rebuttal to State of Union twelve hours before speech (x-post from /r/politics)
Ear lobe swallowed during fight over loud music
Heart Attack Grill spokesman dies from heart attack
Obesity raises black woman's risk for large baby
Joe Walsh Child Support: Ex-Tea Party Rep Says He Can't Afford Payments Post-Congress
Zen Leader, 105, Accused of Harassment
Patron dies of heart attack at Vegas' Heart Attack Grill
Boehner: 'How about a little foreplay' before immigration reform?
O.J. Simpson reportedly throws Super Bowl party in jail
Woman Dies After Downing 2 Gallons of Coke Per Day
Florida man enters wrong home, tries to kick everyone out
Wrestling dropped from 2020 Olympics and will vie with softball and squash for place when IOC reconvene
How To Be An MP is the most borrowed book in Parliament
Sleep Texting is Growing Problem Among Teens
DJ Fatboy Slim to Play Gig in House of Commons
Missing Cornish lord found in his own grave
Lehigh University student got a C+ and now seeks $1.3 million in lawsuit
Black college student hangs Confederate flag in dorm room, admits it's "kind of weird."
Man guilty of killing businessman who laughed at him when pastrami fell out of his sandwich
Toilet seat burns 6 Ottawa students
Jonah Lehrer earns $20,000 honorarium for talking about plagiarism at Knight lunch
New cunning linguist computer has got ancient tongues licked
Washington Post fooled by fake story of Sarah Palin joining Al-Jazeera
'Heart Attack Grill' Greeter Dies After Heart Attack
Bill Gates lurks on reddit for four months, decides to become visible on reddit, gets 80,000+ comment karma on his first day.
Lean Cuisine Ravioli Recalled Over Glass Shards
Tucson hosts tours of landfill, recycling center on Valentine's Day
Passengers: Cruise Ship Still Gross, But Moving
Sorcery crackdown: Chechnya leader orders hard line on wizards
Drunk Florida Man Tries to Use Taco as ID After His Car Catches Fire at Taco Bell
Senate OKs Violence Against Women Act
BaconFest 2013 Features Dress Made Entirely of Bacon
30 year old New Zealand drinks herself to death. With Coca-Cola.
Sheriff Arpaio Recruits Aging Action Star Steven Seagal To Train Vigilantes To Patrol Schools [x-post from /news]
Abandoned Nazi Resort To Become Luxury Hotel
Pub landlord stabbed as he fights off muggers one-handed...to preserve his fish and chips.
30 year old New Zealander drinks herself to death. With Coca-Cola.
State-owned telecommunications company (BSNL) Says Skype And Google Hangout Are Illegal In India
Don't say nay to horsemeat: French eaters
Former Utah city councilman charged after shooting a second dog while intoxicated
Heart Attack Grill spokesman dies of apparent heart attack
"I Love Jenni," the reality show revolving around now deceased singing star Jenni Rivera will return to the air for a third season April 24 at 9 p.m.
Fatboy Slim booked to play House (of Commons) music | Star to become first DJ to perform at parliament in charitable drive to promote young people's social engagement
Ohio State Forced To Clarify That Woody Hayes Never Let A Turtle Bite His Penis
Lightning Strikes the Vatican hours after the Pope resigns
White House Releases Dubstep Trailer for State of the Union
Horse-Meat Scandal is Now Mafia-Linked Horse-and-Donkey-Meat Scandal
Tea Party Group: Obama's State of the Union Address Will Be "Hitlerian"
Iron Sheik THREATENS Olympic Committee -- 'I Swear to the Jesus I Suplex Them'
Christopher Dorner manhunt: Officials ask media to stop tweeting
From an African news site, Whitney Houston killed by Drug traffickers! With fun quotes such as: "The man empty of God ends to be also devoid of humanity, and becomes an enemy to himself."
Coke Overdose? Mom Drops After Drinking 10 Liters of Coca-Cola a Day
Kentucky Pastor Wants Snakes Used In Church Services Returned
Sea slug's disposable penis surprises
Mom Charged For Letting Son, 3, Pump Gasoline
Polar Bear Prison: Water Rations And Six Foot Cells 'Teach Bears A Lesson' (Pictures)
James Franco declares himself the mayor of Gay Town
Heart Attack Grill 'spokesman' dies after apparent heart attack
Men's friendships with women 'driven by sexual attraction'
Man cured of AIDS: "I feel good"
Ron Paul, UN Hater, asks UN to take RonPaul.com forcefully from Ron Paul's biggest supporters
Jewish Democrats Blast Marco Rubio For Not Mentioning Israel
My dad was not an orangutan, Donald Trump says in lawsuit
Iranian ambassador's high-five with a German lawmaker causes uproar in Iran.
Someone Started a Tumblr About Tumblrs That Should Be Started.
It's cheaper to fly to the USA and back to buy CS6 than buy Adobe CS6 in Australia (x-post /r/technology)
It's cheaper to fly to the USA than buy Adobe CS6 in Australia (xpost /r/technology)
Guppies use ugly friends to seem more attractive
Man beats boyfriend for listening to Alanis Morissette
105-year-old Zen Buddhist master is accused of groping female students
Joe Biden Announces He's Not Running for Papacy
Woman Charges Rent For Home She Didn't Own
Heart Attack Grill Unofficial Spokesman Dies From Heart Attack
Church stops charity in order to let poor people fend for themselves
Man accused of killing wife because she wouldn't stop talking
Matt Damon boycotts toilets
Dorner's Mom Spotted Drinking Wine, Eating Chips While Watching Standoff
University of Nebraska hires swimsuit model Kate Upton to help with recruiting
Evil feminist queen Anita Sarkeesian is stealing Kickstarter money to buy Gucci shoes, says this idiot
Scientists have built a robot that makes rats depressed. Yay, science?
Teenagers now texting in their sleep
Wannabe stripper sues strip club claiming she lost her thumb rehearsing for G-string competition.
PQ accidentally votes against itself
Sea slug sheds its penis after sex, scientists find
Sweden's 9,000 missing horses baffle experts
Earth-buzzing asteroid worth $195 billion, space miners say
It's cheaper to fly to the USA and back to buy Adobe CS6 than buy it in Australia
Student sues for $1.3M over a C+, Professor insists the grade was earned.
TV station hacker warns of zombies in Montana
Ten raccoons were reported to be loitering near a dumpster - Atherton CA
Man wants $5M after TSA detained him for joking about peanut butter
CO Gov. Hickenlooper admits to 'ritual-like' drinking of fracking fluid
Matt Damon: "Until Everyone Has Access to Clean Water and Sanitation, I Will Not Go to the Bathroom"
15-Year-Old Girl Raped, Police Dismiss the Case Because Victim and Attackers Have "Low IQs"
Quebec prepares for hypothetical zombie attack
Fox Nation's State Of The Union Speech Claim Debunked By Fox News
Anti-Piracy Group Rips Off Pirate Bay Website, Faces Lawsuit
Russian coach blames gays for Olympic wrestling being axed
Will Ferrell Was An Usher At Last Night's Lakers Game, Wore A "Ted Vagina" Name Tag
A man, a plan, a sandwich named just for him
Pentagon creates new medal for drone wars
Baird assures Canada's ready for zombie invasion
ESPN.com Has Officially Run Out Of Poll Ideas
Canada is zombie-free, Conservatives assure NDP
Spider-Man Claims Mom Attacked Him With Snowball In Times Square
Chubby Checker Sues Hewlett-Packard over Penis App
Quebec government votes unanimously against itself
New medal for drone pilots outranks Bronze Star
Around The Horn Viewers Continue To Be Mystified By Ash Wednesday
'Canada will never be a safe haven for zombies,' Foreign Minister John Baird tells House of Commons
Georgia bill would ban photoshopping legislator's head on porn star's body
Late Breaking News: The Zombie Apocalypse Has Not Started
A meth lab was found in a porta-potty in the middle of a golf course
Dancing gorilla image on CT scan passed over by more than 80% of radiologists, study finds
Cops sic K9 on donut truck thief after high speed chase
Public Art Murals Inspire San Diego Kids To Stay In School!
Coca-Cola drinking 'linked to New Zealander's death'
Wake up! Mountain Dew debuts caffeinated-juice breakfast drink
California man killed NJ man for laughing at sandwich
New scientific journal founded to publish Bigfoot genome
Iran Photoshopped Its New Stealth Fighter Jet to Look Like It Was Flying When It Totally Wasn't
New US medal to honour drone pilots, cyber-warriors
The Pirate Bay Sues Anti-Piracy Outfit For Copyright Infringement
UNC gets head from Duke
'Is this true?' Onion satire on Obama's 'son' draws Twitter question from Michigan GOP leader
Cyber, drone operators now eligible for 'Distinguished Warfare' medal
What a bunch of suckers! Police hunting for thief who duped 16 businesses out of their Henry vacuum cleaners
Apple loses iPhone trademark in Brazil, to a company that makes Android phones
Matt Damon says he's going to stop using the toilet
Flying squirrels invade hospital emergency room for second time in two weeks
Rays' relief pitcher Peralta suffers sandwich-related injury
Intrepid Tokyo Diners Delight in Dirt Degustation
Mississippi House Passes Bill Affirming Right to "Eat 20 Big Macs," Guzzle "1,000 Sodas"
Disgruntled Goalie Scores On His Own Net, Flips Off Coaches, Skates Off The Ice Forever
Gays behind wrestling's Olympic demotion?
Gone with the wind: French scheme targets farting cows
Whale Poo Helps In Fight Against Global Warming
Soldier admits killing friend in attempt to cure hiccups
Christopher Dorner's Manifesto: Chris Dorner 2.0 Surfaces
Russia: Coach blames demise of Olympic wrestling on gay conspiracy
Ke$sha explains pee drinking
Michigan Batman Arrested (Again) for Interfering with Police
Middle Schooler Banned From School For Her Beautiful, Red Hair
Chubby Checker sues Hewlett-Packard over app to measure penis size
Cruise hell: 'sewage running down walls and savages fighting over dwindling food supplies'
Belgian Post Office to issue chocolate stamps [x-post from /r/belgium]
Does the NRA Support Puppy Mills?
Obama's State of the Union Speech a Well-Crafted, Hollow Recitation of Nothing More Than Words
Man accused of waving 'Klingon' sword in Fort Lauderdale intersection
Wheelchair-Bound Piglet Becomes Internet Sensation
Report: FreedomWorks Made Video Depicting Sexual Act Between Hillary Clinton And A Panda
Man accused of driving drunk; wife drunk when she picked him up at PD - New Haven Register
Suspicious package near UCF deemed safe, thought to be geocache
Anti-piracy group faces lawsuit for copying Pirate Bay site design
Oscar's 'bullet' ad removed
Jamat-e-Islami rallies against Valentines Day
Oscar Pistorius, Double Amputee Olympic Sprinter, Charged in Murder, Shooting of Girlfriend
Belgian Post Office to issue chocolate stams
Argentina woman set for Valentine's Day wedding to man imprisoned for killing her twin sister
Texas teacher accused of lassoing student
Valentine's Day under attack in Pakistan
Valentine's day teddy bear stuffed with meth gets man arrested
Beercade replaces arcade coin slots with beer taps, rewards winners with brew
FreedomWorks Made Video of Fake Giant Panda Having Sex With Fake Hillary Clinton
Iceland: "If we can send a man to the moon, we must be able to tackle porn on the internet."
Chinese man sues after dog facelift ends in tragedy
A well-written, researched, and thought provoking narrative on the Dorner Case.
The Nine Most Insane Quotes from the NRA's new apocalyptic Op-Ed
Musician Chubby Checker sues HP and Palm over penis-measurement app
Ke$ha has admitted to drinking her own urine and smelling 'like a hobo' (x-post from r/offbeat)
More Minnesotans were killed in fist fights than by rifles in 2011
Linda Ackley, Michigan Woman, Gives Birth After Doctors Say 'Hernia' Is Actually A Baby
Nate Silver May Stop Doing Forecasts Out Fear of Influencing Elections
Politician moves to make vulgar Photoshopping illegal
Japanese Restaurant Fines Customers For Not Finishing Meal
HP sued by Chubby Checker over webOS penis size app.
Colorado Senate president reacts to marijuana smell in Capitol: 'Please douse all the doobies'
Pirate Bay to sue anti-piracy site for pirating its design.
Man Stabbed When He Refused To Change Positions During Threesome.
Why Matt Damon won't go to the toilet
Canada To Zombies: Drop Dead, Eh
Nike ad featuring Oscar Pistorius calling himself 'the bullet in the chamber' yanked from sprinter's website after he's charged in [shooting] murder of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp
15-Year-Old African Kid Tells Madonna To Go 'Have Sex' with Herself
Man stabbed for not switching positions during 3way
Nike ad featuring Oscar Pistorius calling himself 'the bullet in the chamber' yanked from sprinter's website after he's charged in murder of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp
Report: Tea Party group made fake-Hillary with fake-panda sex video
Hamden man accused of driving drunk; wife drunk when she picked him up at PD, cops say- The New Haven Register
Shaken Baby Syndrome often just a cover story for children who are brain damaged by vaccines
Tea Party group made fake-Hillary with fake-panda sex video
Golf-Hating Kangaroos Delay Australian Open with Devil-May-Care Attitude
Canadian Parliament: 'Canada Will Never Become a Safe Haven for Zombies
Bill O'Reilly: The far left is 'running wild', and 'there are entire media operations that exist solely to promote ideology'
Heart Attack Grill's unofficial spokesman dies of heart attack
Principle Bans White Students From Tutoring Program
Quebec government cancels zombie apocalypse training exercise, despite John Baird's promise to get tough on undead
Vibrator Comes With Up to 16GB of Storage-Wait, What?
North Korea nuclear test prompts stern warnings from neighbors
NC lawmaker: Women should 'duct tape' nipples to stay out of jail
FreedomWorks video featured a 'panda' performing oral sex on 'Hillary Clinton'
Pirate Bay to sue antipiracy site for pirating its design
Sea slug discovered with a disposable penis
Minneapolis: South High Locked Down After Police Respond to Food Fight
Retired Senator Joe Lieberman Now Just Going Around Annoying People
Fat-Cat Pay Makes Swiss So Mad Wages Face National Vote
Canadian Parliament Legitimately Discusses Zombie Apocalypse
Texas State student caught in Twitter-gate with U.S. rep
Benedict not too pooped to pope.
Chubby Checker Sues Over Penis Measuring App For Hilarious Amount Of Money
Chubby Checker sues HP over penis measuring app
Teenage girl wins $109 million payout after ibuprofen leaves her brain damaged, blind and causes 90 per cent of her skin to fall off
Oops! University Misspells Its Own Name on $70K Worth of Canvas Book Bags
Quebec cancels zombie apocalypse training scenario
Chubby Checker sues over penis-measuring app
Passengers eager to get off smelly cruise ship
Officers receive Medal of Valor for shooting naked woman.
A 22 year old Argentine woman marries the man convicted of killing her twin sister
Krispy Kreme Truck Theft Results In High-Speed Police Chase
Drugs to blame for anti-social fish
Georgia politcian wants to make lewd photoshopping a crime after being mocked in porn star pic
'Bigfoot DNA' Study Seeks Yeti Rights
Wells Fargo Fires Employee For Stealing a Dime in 1963
Man Allegedly Drives Car While Sucking On Dildo
Sadie Robinson Allegedly Tries To Set Fire To Apartment With Exploding Lube
44-pound cookie recovered in Germany after thief dressed as the Cookie Monster makes off with it in January
Argentinian woman, 22, weds the killer of her twin sister
Chubby Checker sues Hewlett-Packard over 'penis measuring' app
CNN anchor asks Bill Nye if asteroids are result of global warming
Mormon Church buys ads in 'Book of Mormon' playbill in L.A.
'Bullet in the chamber' Nike ad pulled from Oscar Pistorius' website
Carnival rescue bus breaks down while bringing passengers home
"Kanye West" of animal training battles Niagara theme park lawsuit
Donald Duck Accused Of Racism In Lawsuit
Kate Upton's words of wisdom: keep your clothes on when in Antarctica
husband spends too much time in the bathroom which is cutting into time with wife and kids
Drunk man set fire to a packet of peanuts and tried making love to an ambulance
Worst Vacation Ever Continues as Cruise Ship's Bus Ride Home Breaks Down
Woman Signs Neighbor Up For 24 Magazine Subscriptions for Letting Dog Pee on Her Lawn - Faces Felony Stalking Charges
Woman Signs Neighbor Up For 24 Magazine Subscriptions - Faces Felony Stalking Charges
Carnival Bus Breaks Down Carrying Passengers Who Were Aboard Cruise Ship
9-Year-Old Mother Is At Least 12, Mexican Officials Say
Suspected meth lab turns out to be sweet maple syrup
End of the world cancelled by Putin with 15 hours left
Nike pulls Oscar Pistorius' 'bullet in chamber' advert following Paralympians murder charge
Chubby Checker sues HP over penis app
Study confirms Tea Party was created by Big Tobacco and billionaire Koch Brothers
2 Chainz Arrested for Pot Possession, poses for a photo with the arresting police officers.
Norway to broadcast 12-hour primetime TV show of a burning fireplace
Norway plans 12-hour prime-time TV show of a fireplace
Woman faces DUI after hitting student on the way to AA meeting
Fox News Signs Herman Cain As A 'Political Expert With Business Savvy'
Vladimir Zhirinovsky denies meteorite, claims US weapons tests
Chubby Checker sues over penis app
Insult To Injury: Carnival Triumph Bus Breaks Down
Woman Has Same Song Stuck In Her Head For 3 Years
Sports Illustrated Defends Its Decision To Shoot Kate Upton Nearly Naked in Antarctica
Chubby Checker Sues Over Penis-Size App
"I am the bullet in the chamber." Nike pulled this ad featuring South African Olympic runner Oscar Pistorius after he allegedly shot and killed his girlfriend. x-post /r/morbidreality
Torrent site The Pirate Bay plan to sue rival website - for copyright infringement
Man tries to strangle police dog, gets bit then arrested
Russian MP blames meteor shower on US secret arms test : Voice of Russia
Man drives drunk to police station to pick up friend
The Pirate Bay: We will sue copycat site for copyright infringement
College Student Founded A Startup Delivering Emergency Condoms On Campus
Professional Soccer player announces that he is retiring and that he is gay
Freedomworks made fake Hillary Clinton-panda sex video
North Dakota Man Stabbed During Threesome After Refusing To Change Positions
Fox News: Obama Proposed 'Free' Preschool To Toddlers So They Can Vote For Him 'In The Future'
Jenny McCarthy: Josh Groban Left My Talk Show Because Of Go-Go Dancers
San Diego Ex-Mayor Confronts $1 Billion Gambling Problem
Woman pulled over after Ohio St. sticker confused for drug symbol
North Carolina Senator Introduces Legislation to Criminalize Nipple Slips (x-post from politics)
Your Womb Is Full of Tiny Dead Babies, Says Pastor Who Certainly Understands a Lot About Medical Science
Australian MP says jail is good for young Aboriginal people
OSHA receives complaint about Legislative Building safety
SF police crack down to discourage gypsy cabs
North Carolina Representative Rayne Brown Introduces Bill to Criminalize Nipple Exposure
Nancy Pelosi opposes a cut in congressional pay because it may lessen the respect for the work Congress does.
After Outrage, Benjamin Netanyahu's Ice Cream Budget Melts Away
Man who complains about crime rise due to minorities is arrested for robbing a bank. (X-post from /r/justiceporn).
Man who made racially charged comments about the rising crime rates is arrested for robbing a bank.
Dog diagnosed with STD
Guy who went on the local news to complain about how minorities are to blame for the crime wave in his neighborhood is arrested for robbing a bank (xpost from r/justiceporn)
Nats practice interrupted by fish falling from the sky
God Strikes Vatican With Furious Lightning Right After Pope's Resignation
Professor Bans Students From Using Fox News As A Source: It 'Makes Me Cringe' (x-post from r/politics)
Study Reveals Why Pilots' Farts Can Be Dangerous
Game of "Tag" to become a movie
Giant rabbit scares burglar out of family home
Your teen may be dealing with the devastating problem of sleep texting | Geek-Cetera
World's leading exorcist praises Pope Benedict
Homeless man moves into grave.
Man tried making love to an ambulance, a court heard
Employer forced to pay out $218K after worker dies from drinking washer fluid
Naked pursuit: driver attacks cop with vacuum cleaner head
Distemper outbreak causing 'zombie' raccoons
Zombie Replicants to Outperform the Living: "Zombie" mammalian cells that may function better after they die have been created by researchers at Sandia National Laboratories and the University of New Mexico. x-post from r/science
Zombie Replicants to Outperform the Living: "Zombie" mammalian cells that may function better after they die have been created by researchers at Sandia National Laboratories and the University of New Mexico.
U.S., Iran, Russia team up to save wrestling
FBI Plot to Blow Up Bank in Oakland -- Stopped by FBI
Chubby Checker sues HP over penis size app
Thousands of Girl Scout Cookies Bulldozed Instead of Being Given to Homeless
Not again: Bus carrying passengers from nightmare cruise breaks down on way to New Orleans
Vet makes tiny wheelchair for disabled piglet
Pill to Gill: Antianxiety Drugs Flushed into Water May Be Making Fishes Fearless
Man robbed by good Samaritans after they help remove the snow from his car
Rhode Islanders repeatedly call cops over 12-foot snow penis
A Golf Course Port-A-Potty In Oklahoma Was Being Used As A Meth Lab
Restaurant drops 'albino' beer after name deemed offensive
Blonde, Self-Tanning Essex Teen Girl Has Higher IQ Than Einstein And Everyone's Annoyingly Surprised
Gang Members Arrested After Friending Cop on Facebook | Legal News
Elderly couple pulled over after their Buckeye car decal is mistaken for a marijuana leaf
Canada Vows Readiness In Case of Zombie Apocalypse
Penn State hires Midget to coach safeties
Facebook's new Graph Search won't help pedophiles find victims
Bunnies taking toll on cars at Denver airport - News
Google launches 2 Hour Recruiting Video Starring Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn
Police Swarm Sunset Place Because a Man Had an Umbrella
Facebook pic of toy mortar leads to armed cops raid
Police Raided a Guy's House Because He Posted a Picture of a Toy Mortar on Facebook
Man steals doughnut truck, leads cops on chase
Woman Thought she Had a Hernia, Gives Birth to 10 Pound Baby Instead
Foot groper reported in library
Bigfoot evidence 'conclusive,' says scientifically dubious study
I originally thought they were talking about World of Warcraft....
One teen dad, many mothers, 13 kids
Woman knowingly marries the man who murdered her twin sister.
Woman marries twin sister's killer: Family outraged as daughter marries killer
Fifth-graders admit plot to kill girl who was 'really annoying'
New Haven man robbed by men who helped clear snow from his car
Protester dies after inhaling fumes from burning American flag
Meteorite 'could have devastated northern UK'
Amazon 'used neo-Nazi guards to keep immigrant workforce under control' in Germany
Dog DNA used to track down owners who don't scoop
Duncan Smith (UK Secretary of State for Work and Pensions): Shelf-stacking is more important than geology
Woman Marries Twin Sister's Killer: Mob Protests Against Valentine's Day Wedding
Gettysburg Student Mishears Newspaper Falling as Gunshots
Norway's NRK broadcasts 12-hour wood burning programme
Dolphins 'should be recognised as non-human persons."
Tea Party creates its own Facebook to fight against the socio-liberal-media agenda.
Taoiseach wasn't 'playing Nintendo' when he met Pope
House Committee on Science questions existence of meteors
Brothers celebrate lottery win by blowing up house
Church asks cardinals not to tweet during conclave to choose pope.
Kansas lottery winners accidentally blow up house while trying to refill butane lighters
"You Should Fart on Airplanes" -Science
Scientists support breaking wind on the airplane
Boy, 5, faces school suspension for building gun out of Legos
Kansas Lottery Winners Accidentally Blow Up House While Celebrating With Meth
Gingrich: Republicans will Oppose any Immigration Plan backed by Obama because they Hate Obama
Tom Cruise St Albans curry house visit made into movie.
Hastings Man Dies While Drowning
Taylor Swift embarrassed that love life has become a joke: report [x-post /r/NewsoftheStupid]
Taylor Swift embarrassed that love life has become a joke: report
Parents Complain About School Ad Excluding Whites From Tutoring Program (x-post from TrueReddit)
Goalie scores on own team, flips off coaches
Rep. Rayne Brown, North Carolina State Republican, Introduces Bill Criminalizing Nipple Exposure.
Brendan Fraser Broke, Can't Afford $900,000 Child Support Payment To Ex-Wife.
House Science Committee Questions Existence of Meteors : The New Yorker
Stop Doing the Fucking Harlem Shake
Mississippi officially ratified the 13th Amendment this month, which abolished slavery.
House Science Committee Questions Existence Of Meteors
Plympton residents fear four-storey housing will ruin their suburb
Illegal immigrants found working at Villawood Immigration Detention Centre
Hitler and Frankenstein contest India vote
David Cameron to join One Direction ... for charity single
Girlfriend stabs boyfriend for complaining that she hadn't cooked dinner
Four new whale species discovered during highway-widening project in California
Police under investigation over 'dog's' witness statement
Thanks to "Lincoln," Mississippi has Finally Definitely Ratified the Thirteenth Amendment
Latest Japanese Fashion Trend: Girls Wearing Panties On Their Faces
Guy inadvertently posts video inviting friend over for a threeway
Woman Rushed To Hospital After Drive-By Pumpkin Attack
Winnipeg MP Pat Martin asks Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird about ongoing preparations for the Zombie Apocalypse during a meeting of the House of Commons (Canada).
Pill promises to turn your poop into glittering gold - 6/14/2012
Vancouver seeks to regulate underground parties
Kabul vendors of stolen U.S. goods fret about future
Lucky buyer who got Kim Kardashian's mansion gets to sleep in her bed
Top Cop Vows to Torture Suspects
'Lincoln' inspires Mississippi to finally ratify amendment abolishing slavery
An argument in my college newspaper for why evolution is incorrect.
The Pirate Bay Threatens to Sue for Copyright Infringement
Texas vet Melba Ketchum claims to have found big foot dna
Tiger Woods And President Obama Play Golf Together, Constitute Nightmare Scenario For Old White Dudes
Mississippi Ratifies 13th Amendment Abolishing Slavery ... 147 Years Late
Pentagon Creates Medal to Honor Drone Killers
Burger King Twitter hacked, posting under "McDonalds"
Hungry Monster Rabbits Are Destroying Cars Parked at the Denver International Airport
DIA Parking Lots Consider Measures To Stop Bunnies From Attacking Cars
Baltimore spends $585,000 on study of how to save money
McDonald's: 'Nothing to do with' Burger King's Twitter account getting hacked.
Fight during sexual threesome leads to stabbing
McDonald's denies involvement after Burger King's Twitter hacked
Snow Penis In South Kingstown, Rhode Island Causes Uprising
Mississippi Outlaws Slavery After Seeing Lincoln
Mississippi Ratifies 13th Amendment
City Workers Paint Handicap Space Around Car, Then Tow It
Man suspected of stealing lemur and holding it for ransom is arrested
City spends 585,000 on study of how to save money.
Spring Hill child found wandering street naked, drunk
Pirate Bay says it filed police report alleging copyright infringement
Oops, she's wearing dirty trousers! Britney Spears steps out in stained sweatpants on a trip to the grocery store
Holograms of Holocaust survivors let crucial stories live on
Michigan: Man apologises to police for 'sucking on a dildo' whilst driving
Mississippi finally ratifies 13th Amendment
Sugar Land offered $500,000 to change its name to SugarDaddie.com, U.S.A
Mississippi abolishes slavery after "Lincoln" movie.
Important dates in history: 2013, the year Mississippi officially ratified the 13th Amendment and banned slavery
Oklahoma Man Burns To Death, Sheriff Not Ruling Out Spontaneous Combustion
Mississippi ratifies the 13th Amendment ending slavery.
Baby Seal Found Wandering City Streets Late at Night
Justin Bieber hamster giveaway angers California Hamster Association, makes new owner famous - 12/23/2012
"Students of Color ONLY" - Black principal bans white children from after school tutoring program
Burger King's Twitter account Hamburgled, announces sale to McDonald's (x-post from r/technewstoday)
Jersey City Assemblyman Charles Mainor takes heat after 'liking' 'Big Bootie Freaks' and a violent page on Facebook.
ChristianMingle Date Rape Victims Sought by California Cops
Michelle Obama's Bangs The Result Of Midlife Crisis?
Canada's government must reach out to the undead
Guard gets two years in prison for failing to protect Belarus from teddy bears
Cops: Mom's stripping disrupts NY school assembly
MSU law faculty head arrested for smearing VC's chair with itching powder
Lil Wayne Claims To Be The "New 'Pac," Says He Slept With Chris Bosh's Wife
Alabama GOP lawmaker claims a baby is the 'largest organ in a body'
Pirate Bay charges piracy by pro-copyright organization
Mississippi Finally Gets Around to Abolishing Slavery Thanks to Some Guy Who Watched Lincoln
Belarus border guard jailed over teddy bear air drop
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu's ice cream budget frozen
2014 Chevrolet SS banned in Israel over alleged Nazi association
Man who was not a patient stays in hospital for two days
David Cameron to make cameo appearance in One Direction video
Kansas Bill Would Require Teachers To Misinform Students About Climate Change
Police: Gunshot reported at central Pa. college campus was actually newspaper hitting sidewalk
The Pirate Bay is Suing an Anti-Piracy Group for Copyright Infringement
Belarus: Guard Sentenced Over Teddy Bear Intrusion
After oversight, Mississippi ratifies 13th Amendment abolishing slavery almost 150 years after its adoption
Large Turtle Hit By Car, Shot By Police
We can't predict paper layout
I chase him, I bite him... the crime report by a dog!
Missouri legislator wants to make it a felony to propose gun control legislation
Enumclaw Man Orders Disgusting $47 Starbucks Drink For His Birthday - Seattle - News
Mississippi ratifies constitutional amendment to ban slavery
Online video game calling Christopher Dorner a 'true American hero' is latest to show support for ex-LAPD cop
Mississippi Finally Gets Around to Ratifying 13th Amendment
Turn Every Day Items Into Sex Toys With DildoMaker
Florida man arrested for 'molesting a manatee'
"I Chase Him, I Bite Him, Bad Man, He Tasty": Police Dog Writes Witness Statement (x-post from /r/dogs
Altercation reported at bingo game
The car industry would collapse if we went to car libraries for free use of Porsches... Librarians are lovely people and libraries are lovely places, but they are damaging the book industry.
Ignite Social Media, which manages Jeep's twitter account, gives 9 tips for greater social media security in response to Burger King's twitter account being hacked. Today Jeep's twitter was hacked.
FAU stadium name rights bought by private prison group.
Ravenous rabbits attacking cars at Denver airport
U.S. Postal Service to Launch 'Smart' Clothing Line
Area Man Struggles With How to Use His Free Mardi Gras Boob Job
Italy: Anti-Corruption Politician Oscar Giannino Caught Fabricating CV
Florida man arrested for calling 911 after his cat was denied entry strip club (x-post r/humor)
Texas Woman Aims for Skunk, Shoots Husband
Arizona State University to Porn Website -- We're Coming for You!
It's official: Mississippi bans slavery
Forget the big comeback; Detroit focuses on what can be saved
Obama: "This is the Most Transparent Administration in History."
Woman says 3D porno made her pregnant - Husband claims "anything is possible"
University of Colorado Advises Women to Vomit or Urinate to Stop Rapists
Bride retaliates when groom brings virtual girlfriend to wedding
Mom charged after hiring strippers for teenage son's birthday
Hawaii House considers adopting state microbe
Obama Urged to Resign Over Lip Synching Scandal : The New Yorker
Family May Be Forced to Demolish Secret Castle They Call Home
Homeowners Foreclose on Bank of America
Vin Diesel Will Finally Kiss Car In 'Fast & Furious 6'
Florida Man Arrested For Calling 911 After His Cat Was Denied Entry Into Strip Club
Alabama Lawmaker Thinks a Fetus is "Largest Organ in the Body"
Joe Biden's tip for self-defense: Get a shotgun
Man Dies 1 Hour After Eating Cocaine From His Brother's Butt
Cornish man swears off hunting after being gored by buck
The happiest city in America and the saddest all swear too much.
A NY mom hired 2 strippers for son's 16th birthday party
Gun owners get a discount at Va. pizza shop
Kevin Garnett gets intense about yoga
A Company That Runs Prisons Will Have Its Name on a Stadium
Many Suburban Cops Allowed To Work "Half Drunk"
Sarah Palin Appointed Visiting Scholar at Harvard
Cash-strapped Postal Service to launch new clothing line...
U.S. Postal Service to Introduce New Product Line Licensing Agreement Signed with Fashion Apparel Company
Drivers head wrong way on Beachline after loose cattle close roadway
Jeep's Social Media Team Posted 'How Not To Get Hacked' Article 15 Minutes Before Hack
College's anti-rape tactics include vomiting, urinating
Bark Up or Down? Firewood Splits Norwegians
Police arrest man for trying to have sex with ambulance
Florida Football Stadium Will Be Named For Private Prison Company
Accused of being gay, Spanish priest challenges Church to measure his anus
A man with no legs is a flight risk, Prosecutors say.
The one thing that really divides Norway is bark. Tree bark
11-year-old Oregon cancer survivor catches fire
Heist men steal over $350 million worth of diamonds
Postal Service to launch new clothing line in 2014
Catholic Priest arrested for secretly being a meth-dealing criminal mastermind
North Korea propaganda now using music from the Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion
Texas woman gives birth to 2 sets of identical twins
Zimbabwe finance minister reveals country has just £138 left in the bank
Missouri lawmakers defend 2nd Amendment: A bill to ban to ban bills
12-hour documentary about firewood causes outrage in Norway
Missouri lawmakers defend 2nd Amendment: A bill to ban bills
Newlyweds end sunset cruise with violence
CDC Warns of Super-Gonorrhea
Mother upset after police use Facebook to notify her of son's death
Woman says she was 'too fat' for massage.
Earls culls 'Albino Rhino' brand after human rights complaint
Post Office to release fashion line.
Segway company owner dies riding two-wheeled machine off cliff
Russian soldiers sing SpongeBob SquarePants theme tune as they march
Professional soccer player believes referees are scared of his hair
Sex Workers Allege Mistreatment at Kink.com
Starbucks' most expensive drink has 40 shots of espresso
12-year-old girl drove a stolen truck during a 20-minute police chase
'Pastafarian' refuses to take spaghetti strainer off his head for license photo, South Brunswick cops say
In Norway, TV Show About Wood Elicits Passion
No exams on Wiccan, Pagan holidays at University of Missouri?
Did Fox News Really Blame Obama for the Russian Meteors?
Fox News Runs Photo Of Lesbian Couple In Story About Traditional Marriage
Authorities: Texas woman arrested after making 911 call to have cigarettes delivered to home
Former senator reveals he fathered a child with daughter of another senator
Cops conducting target practice on images of children and pregnant women
Postal Service enters fashion industry with 'Rain Heat & Snow' clothing line
Police: Woman, pit bull having sex in yard
Hundreds of thousands march in Puerto Rico AGAINST gay rights.
Postal Service to launch clothing line
New Secretary of State Gives 1st Foreign Policy Speech...on Climate Change
911 Call Asking For Cigarettes Leads To Arrest
North Korea uses Oblivion theme song in anti-American propaganda video [X-post r/Skyrim]
Brooklyn Nets Now Stream Their Games Live for Free...While You're at the Arena
Human skull, bones found on altar in backyard of LA woman's home
North Korea uses Oblivion theme song in anti-American propaganda movie.
Columbia Professor Strips Down To Underwear, Shows 9/11 Footage During Bizarre Physics Lecture
Cash-Strapped Postal Service To Launch A New Clothing Line
French company releases video game depicting George Washington as villain to be assassinated
Biden says a shotgun will do the trick
Florida Man Too Fat for Jail
Swedish queen files complaint against satirical artist who painted her scrubbing a swastika
Sex Workers Allege Mistreatment at BDSM Site Kink.com (x/post from r/sex)
'Pasta' is verboten on Quebec menus
Postal Service to launch clothing line in 2014
Fight breaks out during Bingo game at Senior Center
Warehouse worker packing stress balls punched his boss in face
More than 20 per cent of Norwegians tuned in to watch a 12-hour extravaganza about firewood.
NYC professor strips to underwear, shows 9/11 footage during class
Stress ball factory worker 'punched boss in face'
Germans can't see meteorite YouTube videos due to copyright dispute.
Edmonton Police Discover Sending a Bull to Catch a Cow is a Bad Plan
Cops Use Facebook to Notify Mother of Her Son's Death
True Rick Ross Fans Revealed After Rapper Stage Dives Into Crowd
Man Refuses to Take Pasta Strainer Off Head for Driver's License Photo
Former Republican senator reveals secret child with another senator's daughter(X-post)
Dolphins are 'people' say scientists
Florida Man Claiming to be Obama Calls 4 Year-Old a Hooker
Sony fails to show PlayStation 4 console at PlayStation 4 event
Woman, 104, forced to lie about age on Facebook
Lead detective in Oscar Pistorius' murder case facing attempted murder charges
Father-of-three, 46, died in front of his wife at his work christmas party after dancing to gangnam style
Oscar Pistorius case: lead investigator is facing attempted murder charges
OfficeMax, Office Depot agree to merger
PayPal Owes Mark Zuckerberg $308.62
Over 100 Volunteers Will Hand Out Pink Balloons to the Citizens of Kabul on their Way to Work One Saturday Morning
Hairy men upset by razor commercials
12 Years Old Runaway Kid Steals Money and Spends It on Hookers
Police use Facebook to inform mother of her son's death
Russian man busted for cheating on girlfriend when she spots him on the Russian version of google maps with the other woman.
Strip Club Must Pay $10.5 Million in Monster Truck Death
Harlem Reacts to 'Harlem Shake' Videos
How Then Governor Goodluck Jonathan Gave Obaigbena $1 Million From Bayelsa's Poverty Alleviation Funds For Beyonce And Jay Z's Visit To Nigeria
Researchers concerned about goldfish in Lake Tahoe
Boy Who Ate Walls Gets 'Inedible' Bedroom.
Police notify mother of son's death via Facebook
Quebec language police claim Italian restaurant menu has "too much Italian"
Is 'pasta' French enough for Quebec?
Former Republican senator reveals secret child with another senator's daughter.
Drunk man 'tried to have sex with an ambulance'
Dear Prudence: My wife and I came from the same sperm donor.
Swansea missing boy found under bean bag after police search
Man attacks boss after losing his job packing stress-balls
Mississippi Officially Abolishes Slavery
Obama Can't Outrun Culture of Crisis He Helped Create
To celebrate racial diversity in Mississippi, a restaurant is giving a 22% discount if you have a meal with someone of another race
College Hosts Sex, Masturbation Tutorial - inside church.
Study finds that watching 3D movies makes 54.8% of people want to vomit.
World Baseball Classic warmup between Cuba and Korean club team cancelled after teams argue over which ball to use.
Walmart seeking felony charges against employee who ate 'multiple' Oreos
Run your family like a business with family branding sessions
Levi Daniel Staver Allegedly Stabs Grandmother Connie Johnston, Blames Archangel Michael
Outside Metta World Peace's home, real cops confront fake gunmen
Debate over greatest guitarist lands couple in jail.
Shoe Shiner At Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh Donates $200,000 In Tips
'This isn't supposed to be a Christian country': Atheist to get human rights hearing against politician's dinner blessing
Houston Group Giving Away Shotguns In High-Crime Neighborhoods To Test If Crime Is Reduced
Dining parties of mixed races get discount in Mississippi
Mississippi Officially Abolishes Slavery, Ratifies 13th Amendment
Win a FREE AR-15!
AVRIL LAVIGNE COVERS NICKELBACK'S "THIS IS HOW YOU REMIND ME"
A Surprising Number of Missed Connections Happen At Wal-Mart
Drones to monitor impact of seaweed
104-Year-Old Had to Lie About Her Age to Join Facebook
This subreddit is now a website...
Morocco Demands Spanish Government Take Measures to Ensure Moroccan Children in Spain Do Not Convert to Christianity
Worker at stress ball factory punches boss, brandishes knives
Murder suspect in Sweden goes to a police station to turn himself in after evading arrest for 15 months. Police station: "Sorry, we're closed."
Drew Peterson: 'Until this happened, I thought I was a great guy'
University in the UK asks students to take cocaine as part of an experiment
Woman shot by oven while trying to cook waffles
Woman who reunited dog with owner threatened with lawsuit
Judge rules that police departments can reject applicants who score too high on IQ tests. (1999)
ACLU Sues Hollywood Over Discriminatory Casting Practices, pushing Hollywood to cast little people in normal-sized roles; Several feminist advocates are campaigning to have the role of Wolverine re-cast with a female actress
Megan Fox Back With Michael Bay For 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Reboot
Man who needed help getting dog out of impound suing woman who helped him get dog out of impound.
Brockton 10-year-old calls 911 after mother tells him to go to bed
A dating site just for farmers...
Quebec language police backtrack, Allow use of the word 'pasta' on restaurant menus
FBI battling 'rash of sexting' among its employees
Earlie Johnson's $7,500 Vintage Porn Collection Stolen From Home In Muskegon
Muskegon man's $7,500 vintage porn collection stolen
Montana bill would let you make dinner out of roadkill
Obama fantasy book lands Iowa grad seven-figure deal
China's environmental watchdog has now issued draft legislation calling on cities to ban "barbecue-related activities" to curb air pollution
New Jersey Pastafarian Told He Can't Wear a Strainer on his Head When Taking a Drivers License Picture
Woman 'shot' and wounded as she cooks a snack after bullets left in her OVEN explode
NY man dubbed No. 1 deadbeat parent in US admits owing $1.2 million in child support
Florida man is arrested for touching a baby manatee and posting photos on Facebook.
Surgeon turns fat into face cream
Lady Gaga's lipstick-stained tea cup donated to Japan's tsunami-hit region
Japanese Women Rent Their Legs to Advertisers
Family Of Woman Killed By Monster Truck At Strip Club Wins $10.5 Million
Pub owner fined after Irish 'nuns' are caught drinking illegally
China Bans Reincarnation Without Government Permission
Man head-butted Somali boy suffering from leukaemia
This worthwhile piece on shit
US: Gay porn star arrested for masturbating on equipment at fire station
Earlie Johnson's $7,500 vintage porn collection stolen
Doubleheader funeral after husband dies on way to wife's wake
Executives run half-naked in China for failing to meet targets
HP printers can be remotely controlled and set on fire, researchers claim
Police: Facebook Post Leads To Assault With Furby
'Unbelievable': Husband dies on way to wife's funeral
Two samples from Detroit's 11,303 untested rape kits lead to charges against Southfield man
Heights of sycophancy, and now a statue made of blood for Jaya
Stephen Colbert and Jimmy Fallon Cemented New Friendship Status With a Duet
A KFC employee molded mashed potatoes into a boob, licked it, posted Facebook pictures ... and got fired
'The Hugh Hefner of Muskegon' enjoys telling his story after $7,500 porn theft
Man in Kentucky Arrested for Breaking Into Firehouse, Allegedly Masturbating On Firemen's Gear
World Sword Swallowers Day 2013 Is Anything But Pointless
Michigan LaughFest takes aim at fake mustache record
Cops: Man Steals Snowplow, Gets Stuck In Snow
GOP meeting criticizing "gun-free zones" to take place in a gun-free zone
The Pirate Bay Reports Piracy to Police
Dead Mice Are Going To Be Dropped On Guam From Helicopters
Egypt accused of crowdsourcing censorship
North Carolina House Committee Votes to Reject Medical Marijuana Bill Because Too Many Constituents Wanted It to Pass
Angry Egyptians Try to Send President Mohamed Morsi Into Space
Oregon dog taken into custody after pizza theft
Texas bans shooting immigrants from helicopters
Monster goldfish found in Lake Tahoe could destroy lake's ecosystem
59% of the tuna Americans eat is NOT tuna
FBI Raids 'The Scooter Store;' Will TSA Crack Down On 'Wheelchair Miracles?'
'Latin American Idol' winner busted smuggling 2.9 lbs of heroin stuffed into high heels
Adolf Hitler stumping for votes in Indian election
Dead Mice to be Parachuted from Helicopters over Guam.
Montana Bill Would Legalize Roadkill Dining
Ted Nugent's next tour is called "Black Power 2013"
FBI agents caught sexting and dating drug dealers
Rapping Terrorist Accused of Not Writing His Own Jihadi Rhymes
Aberdeen woman booked for biting clerk
Hamas Is Teaching Kids Hebrew To 'Avoid Israeli Tricks'
Michigan Batman Arrested (Again) for Interfering with Police | Legal News
Future Mugging Victim Cruises Capp Street With Google Glasses, Bluetooth, and iPhone
Former Citizen of the Year accused of spanking man
Billericay scarecrow's 'Messianic' pose alarms Christians
Crows attack Russian MPs' cars with stones
Olympic/Paralympic Sprinter Pistorius has motive to run.
Biological Evidence May Support Idea That Women Talk More Than Men, Study Says
Your crotch can kill, claim Alberta ads
Thieves make off with Care Bears, Smurfs
Solo sex man losing sight
Did a Cross-Dressing Priest Sex Ring Bring Down Benedict XVI?
American rave culture to be worst thing that has ever happened
Jermaine Jackson changes his last name, for 'artistic reasons', to Jacksun.
Nicholas Gonzales, AKA Porn Actor Donny Wright, Arrested For Breaking Into Firehouse To Masturbate On Gear
Gang member arrested with ONE HUNDRED bags of heroin 'concealed in his butt'
Montana Bill Would Give Corporations The Right To Vote
Actor Steven Seagal Sued for Driving Tank into Arizona Home, Killing Puppy
Police: Chicken stolen from crock pot
Man accused of slapping crying baby on Delta flight turns himself in
Reports: Pope resigned after findings of blackmail, corruption, gay sex at Vatican
Fruit flies be gettin drizzy on the regular
The Amish have started using power tools.
New York Yankees: "Yes, We're Evil"
New IRS Tumblr Site Helps with Tax Season
Hand Sanitizer May Be Behind Oregon Cancer Patient Catching On Fire
Homework mixing slavery and math for NYC 4th-graders stirs uproar
Hidden Bacon scraps up for auction
Man says he was jumped; witness in tree corroborates story
U.S. Government Plans To Air Drop Toxic Mice To Fight Snake Invasion
Japanese Man cooks his own Genitals for Dinner - Serves them to Guests
Opponents enter Egypt's President Morsi in contest to send him to moon
Gun Activists Warn Obama is Raising a Private Black Army to Massacre White Americans
How to post to Facebook, Twitter after you die
To prevent snakes on a plane, Guam to airdrop poisoned mice
Cancer patient sues after hospital removes wrong testicle
Teen Girl Fatally Beaten Over Fart Jokes
Anti-racism campaigner axed for being racist
Give horsemeat-tainted food to poor - German minister
Thefts spur Trenton library to ration toilet paper
Roaming Chihuahuas attack 6-year-old girl
Texas Republican Gohmert suggests voters need 'at Least 50 Rounds' in magazines to take out drones
Opponents of Egypt's President Mohamed Morsi are voting to send him where no Islamist leader has gone before: outer space.
Wal-Mart wants worker charged with felony over stolen Oreos
Missing Corn Dog Led to Man Killing Roommate
Noted black leader Ted Nugent launches "Black Power" tour, to empower black people
Venice underwater after high tide flooding
Earlie Johnson Loses $7,500 African-American Porn Collection In Theft
Fun police coming to a slope near you.
Parents Step Up and Sue Encinitas School District Over Yoga Program
Man sues parents for not loving him enough
Dead Mice are Going to be Dropped on Guam From Helicopters (Really)
Gay Mormon Student Says He'll Live 'Horrible,' Celibate Life
Indiana school sorry for encouraging racist 'Obama' and gorilla masks at game
Arkansas State Senator Jason Rapert Should Probably Change His Twitter Background So It Doesn't Say 'Rape' a Bunch of Times
School kids recreate slave auction in Ala. classroom
Court Rules Arizona Can Prosecute Sober People for Driving Under the Influence
Rihanna, MAC Makeup Team Up For Multi-Collection Deal
Woman Drank Herself to Death with Coca-Cola : Discovery News
Love hurts: Man arrested for releasing helium balloon with his girlfriend
Dead mice are going to be dropped on Guam
4 arrested in Egypt for 'Harlem Shake'.
Court order: Walk while you whistle in Portland
O.J. Simpson offers Olympic murder suspect some advice
Glowing ball of fire in sky to warm city
New Jersey 'Pastafarian' denied right to wear spaghetti strainer on his head for drivers' license photo
David Lynch Working On Recognizably David Lynch-Like Screenplay (xpost from r/movies)
North Korea released recommended hair styles for its people
Oscar Pistorius's brother Carl Pistorius also faces homicide trial
Israel bans too-skinny models
Satan Finally Reveals Himself As A Legal Employer
Cat café to open in London after public donates £100,000
Part-time judges entitled to pro rata pensions, rules UK Supreme Court
Astronomy Ireland: 'Venus can go fuck itself' (x-post from r/funny)
Woman Tries to Cook Waffles, Gets Shot by Oven
Northeast Ohio man claims bird droppings show image of Christ
Astronomy Ireland: 'Venus can go fuck itself'
I Was Thrown Off A United Airlines Flight For Taking This Photo Of My Seat
Naked Star-Jumper Arouses Police Concern In England
50 Cent sees 'no black people' at Daytona 500
iPhone case made to stop a bullet
Christian dubstep is kind of a big deal
Ann Coulter: Libertarians Are Pussies
Father Charged for Leaving Toddler in Truck While at Strip Club
Environmental activist illegally cuts down 60 trees to create a better flight path for birds.
Tiger tug-o-war! Zoo gives visitors the chance to test their strength against big cats
Father Goes to Strip Club - Leaves 2-year-Old in Cold Car
Taiwan baseball scouts disguise themselves as umpires to spy on Korea's World Baseball Classic team
Terminally ill NASCAR fan fulfills lifelong dream by going to the Daytona 500, then passes away in the infield before the race.
Ben Affleck beats Stephen Spielberg to win Best Picture Oscar.
Texas High School Teacher Refused To Grade Essays That Mentioned Guns
Patty-eating county bus driver draws $100,000 lawsuit
Iranian sources on Khomeini's nomination for Best Supporting Actor for Argo: "an amazing feeling"
NFL player works low-wage fast-food job in off-season
Dope Tests in Ice Fishing? No, Beer Doesn't Count.
'Killer robots need to be stopped now, before it is too late' says Human Rights group
Ronda Rousey's Near Nip Slip Demands Dress Code for Female UFC Fighters
N.Y. Mayor Bloomberg bans 2-liter sodas with pizza delivery
Terminal NASCAR fan fulfills dream of going to the Daytona 500, then passes away in infield.
Apartment Dwellers Fear Giant Icicle
C-NS parent upset that no African American students have leading roles in 'The Wiz'
Montana passes law allowing motorists to eat animals they kill with cars
Online fashion game allows players to support UN emergency response in Syria
Ohio man arrested for raping three dogs and a horse. Because bestiality is a misdemeanor in Ohio, will probably have his dog returned to him.
Ikea Withdraws Meatballs After Horse Meat Is Found
Homeless Man Sues Parents for 'Too Little Love'
Geico Accused Of Promoting Bestiality In New Commercial
Students suspended for doing the Harlem Shake
'Paperman' Producer Thrown Out of Oscars for Throwing Paper Airplanes.
OK To Eat Roadkill Bill Passes Montana Senate
College Rape Survivor Faces Potential Expulsion For 'Intimidating' Her Rapist
White House Report Claims Sequestration Will Affect Federal Department That No Longer Exists
Bill introduced to make Texas Independence Day a tax-free holiday for gun purchases
American government no longer allowed to call African Americans "Negros"
Police File Complaint Against Father Of 9-Year-Old Rapper Lil Poopy Over Explicit Content
Obama: Let's Clear Reporters Out So We Can Take Questions
Homeless man sues parents for not loving him enough
Louisiana State & Alabama offer 14-year-old a football scholarship
New Study Links Water Pollution to Smaller Penis Size in Otters
Iran calls Oscar for 'Argo,' awarded by Michelle Obama, an ad for CIA
Bartender fired from her job for calling police on a drunk-driving customer who was found to be over twice the legal limit- Boss says it's "bad for business to have a bartender that will call the cops"
US to officially stop calling African Americans "Negros"
'Harlem Shake' video with live duck gets Milford High School students suspended
Morrissey Will Not Play "Jimmy Kimmel" because "Duck Dynasty" cast booked for same episode
Ohio Man Sees Jesus In Bird Poop
Boris Calls London Assembly Members 'Jellies'
Ohio man finds Jesus in bird poop
Ice Fishermen Not Immune to Doping's Reach
Spanish chef accused trying to poison colleagues
Husband Fakes Robbery To Avoid Telling Wife He Blew $1K At Strip Club
Man reports vintage porn collection worth $7.5K stolen.
Tasmanian police encourage drink driving
NASA Offers to Help Justin Bieber with Concert in Space
Coca Cola sues to discourage recycling in Australia (snagged from /r/worldnews)
North Dakota high school under fire after fans don KKK hoods at state semi boys hockey game
Man shot security guard over spilled drink
Iranians photoshop Michelle Obama's neckline
Man with stolen sword, blind cat, arrested on suspicion of burglary
In case you missed it, Greenland just melted.
Facing outrage, social media's auto-correct kicks in
Smartphone fired into space to see if screams can be heard
North Korea Appoints Dennis Rodman as Sports Envoy
Italian Clothing Maker With Trademark on 'Jesus' Cracking Down on US Companies Read more: http://www.foxnews.com/us/2013/02/26/italian-jeans-maker-with-trademark-on-jesus-cracking-down-on-us-apparel/?test=latestnews#ixzz2LzTYuSea
Italian Clothing Maker With Trademark on 'Jesus' Cracking Down on US Companies
Girl bitten by 'racist' dog
(xpost from /r/offbeat) 30 armed gunmen - followers of a 74 year-old-sultan based in the Philippines have sailed to East Malaysia to stake a territorial claim, because it was part of the sultanate in the 19th century - resulting in a standoff with Malaysian forces.
Ex-NBA star Dennis Rodman on peace mission to North Korea
In Europe, horse meat found in Ikea meatballs.
'Vampires' attack penguin chicks
Britain's new slogan: Don't come to the U.K.!
9-year-old rapper's adult-themed videos prompt state probe
Homophobic Family Values Group Accuses GEICO Pig Commercials of Promoting Bestiality
Has the Mafia infiltrated the renewable energy industry?
Jennifer Garner 'Looks Adoringly' at Husband Ben Affleck After Oscar Win
NFL Teams Want to Know if Manti Te'o is Gay
'Disgusting' Geico Insurance Commercial Promotes Bestiality
30 armed gunmen - followers of a 74 year-old-sultan based in the Philippines - have sailed to East Malaysia to stake a territorial claim because it was part of the sultanate in the 19th century. They are currently embroiled in a standoff with Malaysian forces.
Setting Co-Worker on Fire Not Just Cause for Termination of Employment
Mom arrested for hiring strippers for her son's 16th birthday party, I'm sure the kid has been horribly harmed by seeing titties
Dog shoots Florida man with 'unloaded' gun
Dennis Rodman is going to North Korea
Ax-wielding homophobic man attacks gay bar, ends up getting ass kicked by owner and go-go dancer
N.J. Catholic School's Civility Code: Only Girls Pledge Not to Curse
Kerry defends liberties, says Americans have right to be stupid
Louisiana Says Homeless Can't Eat Deer Meat
Bill would make Aerosmith's 'Dream On' state song
U. of Colorado Is in Search of a Scholar of Conservative Thought
Dennis Rodman worms his way into North Korea
Senator Ted Cruz Claims Secretary of Defense Nominee Inspired Karl Marx
British university, King's College London, asks its students to snort cocaine for study
Man calls 911 nine times for cheeseburger
Lawrence man charged after theft of sword, blind cat, meditation balls
Who should pay to defend Larry Craig's bathroom antics?
Michele Bachmann: "I was very proud of the fact that I didn't get anything wrong that I said during the course of the debates." [x-post from r/politics]
Bear Grylls Likes The Kyocera Torque, Doesn't Take Shit From Other Smartphones
One Million Moms says Geico car insurance ad promotes bestiality [w/video]
Dennis Rodman Heads to North Korea for Sports Diplomacy, Will Have Visit Shown on HBO
Cornell Fraternity Criticized For "Jugs" Philanthropy Event Because Name Was Demeaning To Women
Black police officer faces charges for not investigating racial taunts against himself
Scientists claim 70 is the new 30.
Linus Torvalds: I will not change Linux to "deep-throat Microsoft"
One Million Moms Upset With Geico Ad, Claims It Promotes Bestiality (VIDEO)
Amish leader gets 15 years for beard attacks
The reveal: Nebraskan sheds mullet on 'Rachael Ray'
Is This Politician's Blackface Purim Costume Offensive?
Louisiana Prefers The Homeless Starve Than Eat Deer Meat
Chinese government plans to fight epic smog problem by banning barbeques
Shirtless Lawrence man barges into strangers' home with stolen sword, blind cat.
A man tried to rob a bank after paying $500 to a wizard to make him invisible.
After Criticism From Cornell, Fraternity Changes Name Of 'Jugs' Fundraising Event
Dennis Rodman visits North Korea, hoping to engage in some "basketball diplomacy"
Negative interest rates idea floated by Bank's Paul Tucker (xpost /r/Economics)
For Sale: One Nobel Prize Medal (Slightly Used, By Francis Crick)
Drunk Texas man shoots girlfriend during game of 'quick draws'
Negative interest rates idea floated by Bank's Paul Tucker
Man Tries to Rob a Bank After Paying $500 to a Wizard to Make Him Invisible
Titanic II confirmed for 2016, passengers to wear 1920s costumes
Rubio: Lil Wayne not the new Tupac
Ke$ha: I wrote a song about my vagina... with my mum
Switzerland's only wild bear is killed as a danger to humans
Budweiser maker accused of watering down beer
John Kerry To German Students: Americans Have 'Right To Be Stupid'
Top prosecutor nabbed in prostitution sting
Kerry defends Americans' 'right to be stupid' in speech to students in Germany
Nate Silver Offers Up a Statistical Analysis of Your Failing Relationship.
Man sues his parent for $200,000+ and Dominoes Pizza for not loving him enough
Michelle Obama's Oscars dress too revealing for Iranian media
Area man arrested after calling 911 for a cheeseburger
Chicken stolen from Virginia woman's crock pot
9 year old rapper (Lil Poopy) makes explicit rap video, prompting state investigation : boston
[Texas Sen. Ted] Cruz Claims Hagel Inspired Marx
Dennis Rodman visits North Korea to film documentary
Nnamdi Asomugha didn't eat with rest of Philadelphia Eagles
'Titanic II' Will Set Sail by 2016
Dennis Rodman visits North Korea as an ambassador for sports diplomacy.
Adolf Hitler and Frankenstein run for election in India
The Woman Who Trains Dogs to Have Sex W/ Humans
$1.99 iPhone app saved Oscars film
Florida man shot by his dog, police say
TED 2013: 'Factivist' Bono projects poverty rate of zero by 2030 | LA Times
Cops: Real mates // drink drive
New Orleans anchor asks two-time Olympic gold medalist Mo Farah if he's run before
Man draws gun while waiting in line for ammo
Father of 9-year-old rapper Lil Poopy investigated over videos
Beyond vomiting, how to prevent rape
Man dies on way to wife's funeral, gets buried with her
9 year old boy hangs himself because he was being bullied for being white. [x-post from /r/worldnews]
Dude Got So Drunk He Forgot Who Stole His Penis
Cops Hunt Man Who Firebombed Taco Bell Because His Chalupas Had Too Little Meat
And the Pussification of America Continues - Dad Who Was Unhappy With Kid's Playing Time Hires PI To Dig Up Dirt On Basketball Coach And Gets Him Fired For Swearing In A Movie 10 Years Ago
Dad Who Was Unhappy With Kid's Playing Time Hires PI To Dig Up Dirt On Basketball Coach And Gets Him Fired For Swearing In A Movie 10 Years Ago
Apple to hand out $100 million in iTunes credits to settle lawsuit
Maldives girl gets 100 lashes for pre-marital sex (cross from r/worldnews)
Pat Robertson: Goodwill Sweaters Could Have Demons, No Harm In Praying Over Them
New App Turns Your iPhone Into a Mobile Urine Lab
Tensions Rising With North Korea, but Dennis Rodman Is There
Calgary Radio Station X92.9 Plays 'It's The End Of The World' By R.E.M. All Day To Mark Mayan Calendar
Cruz Claims Hagel Inspired Marx
Paula Deen Still Feels Fat, Still Eats Fried Chicken (Just Not As Much)
Soccer Star Mario Balotelli Orders Statue of Himself
We will never stop eating whales, declares Japanese minister
Plane Crashes After Crocodile Escapes, Causes Panic
Colorado parents of transgender 1st-grader file complaint over restroom ban Read more: Colorado parents of transgender 1st-grader file complaint over restroom ban - The Denver Post
US teens 'had three-way sex on corpses of men they lured to their house, strangled to death and hog-tied'
Councillor tells disability charity "Disabled children cost the council too much money and should be put down".
Drinkers sue Anheuser-Busch for 'watering down' beer
South African hair thieves targeting dreadlocks.
'In America, You Have a Right to Be Stupid,' Kerry Says
Virginia To Impose Annual Fees On Hybrid Car Owners
Battle of Hastings stopped by weather for second year
Dog won't face charges for shooting its master
Dog shoots Florida man
Anheuser-Busch waters down beer, lawsuits claim
After a night of barhopping in Cedarburg, the Racing Italian Sausage is missing
First meatballs, now Ikea withdraws sausages
Dog shoots Florida man Gregory Dale Lanier in the leg with a 9mm handgun
D.C. Pepsi Machine Found to be Vending Malt Liquor (X-post r/washingtondc)
Justice Scalia: Voting Rights Act Is 'Perpetuation Of Racial Entitlement'
Brogurt: The manly yogurt Chuck Norris would eat, probably "Rising up against the oppressive matriarchy of yogurt"
Oakland Rapper "Pope Emeritus" Threatens Lawsuit
Washington, DC Pepsi Machine Found to be Vending Malt Liquor
Bike Gets Stuck In Boy's Anus (VIDEO)
Florida Man Arrested for Assaulting Teen Relative With Taco Bell Burrito
Report -- Cops seek AWOL racing Italian sausage from Milwaukee Brewers games
Judge running out of patience with woman who stole black pudding
Lawrence man caught with sword, blind cat
Man Not Allowed to Join Army Because of His Virginity.
Harlem Shake Brings Spirit Of Antichrist To America's Christian Churches
Oakland Rapper Pope Emeritus Threatens Lawsuit Against The Vatican
Man arrested after calling 911 nine times trying to order a cheeseburger
Florida Dog Shoots Owner --- GlobalPost
Adult diapers are clogging Shenandoah town's sewage pumps
B.C. hockey coach jailed for 15 days for tripping 13-year-old during post-game handshake
NFL Team Asks Prospect If He Likes Girls
Saboteurs foil B.C. city's plan to kill feral deer and feed them to the poor
Dog Shoots Owner in the Leg; Police Rule the Shooting Accidental
As Dennis Rodman visits, North Korea pledges 'bitter hatred for the U.S.'
Spanish Mothers Go Topless to Save School Bus
Man arrested for suspected pot DUI over color of his tongue?
Racing Italian Sausage pursued by police
Colorado parents of transgender 1st-grader file complaint over restroom ban
Lawyer for 9-year-old Brockton rapper says abuse allegations are 'absurd'
Dog shoots man accidentally, police say...
She exhibits seductive behavior while eating the new Charbroiled Cod Fish Sandwich.
Jail for Benjamin Ritchie who posed as his own wife to trick woman into rape on camera
Spanish mothers make a strip calender to save a school bus service that was threatened by austerity measures.
Student shot herself outside GA high school.
Guy Is Suing His Parents for Not Loving Him Enough, Wants $200,000
Man steals $300 from Girl Scouts selling cookies in Clermont
Sean Combs, Mark Wahlberg Water: AQUAhydrate Promises To Cure Your Hangover
Repost from r/worldnews 'Marijuana Cannon' Used to Fire Drugs Over US Border Seized in Mexico
NFL executives asking college prospects if they "like girls"
Fake officer armed with box of porn continues robbery spree
'Marijuana cannon' used to fire drugs over US border seized in Mexico
Voting Rights Law Draws Skepticism From Justices
Ke$ha: 'My mum co-wrote a song about my vagina with me'
A 9-Year-Old Rapper Named Lil Poopy Is Being Investigated By Child Services
Jade Anderson, 14, begs for forgiveness on Twitter after hitting Harry Styles (One Direction) in the groin with flying shoe
Rajon Rondo is really good at Connect Four
Brothers Bolster Lawsuit Claiming Budweiser Is Watered Down By Drinking Plenty Of Beer
The FDA approves an oral treatment for women who find sexual intercourse painful.
Art Student Crafts Giant Toilet Out of Snow
Racing sausage no longer a missing link
Tucson police officer, alleged robber bitten by dogs in chase
Federal Agents Release Hundreds of Felons To Reduce Costs
Mental Butt murders friend
Asian father kidnaps 7 in Toyota minivan
Punk Singer Gets Brain Tapeworm From Vegetarian Burrito
Children's Show Host Faints On TV While Relaying The 'Importance Of Oxygen'
Chinese boss outsources daughter's homework to nine employees
Woman claims dog that bit her daughter is racist
Indonesian mother drowns son in bath over 'small penis'
Evidently Morrissey has never heard of Jeffrey Dahmer... or Luis Alfredo Garavito... or John Wayne Gacy...
Indonesian mother kills son over small penis
Pakistani man dies after inhaling fumes from burning American flags at anti-Islam film rally.
Liam Neeson on why there won't be a Taken 3: "She can't get taken again. That's just bad parenting"
Federal appeals court ruling may force California prisons to hire witches
Capita list: North Korea approves 28 model socialist hairstyles
Texas school worker injured in handgun training session
Miss. town stunned by slaying of openly gay mayoral candidate
Dog Shoots Man: Yes, Florida police say it was an accident
Rodman Tells Kim Jong Un He Has 'Friend for Life'
May I present: The prototypical Coors Light beer drinker.
Mario Balotelli orders life-sized statue of himself for his house so he can appreciate and admire his muscles.
Kim Jong-un, Dennis Rodman bond over basketball, "friends for life"
UNC-Chapel Hill holds surprise inspections of classes to make sure they're real
Colorado's Legalization of Marijuana-Please DON'T Pass the Brownies
Mum in 'penis suit' was 'very emotional' for Ke$ha
MMA for kids exploding in popularity
North Korea's Kim Watches Basketball With NBA's Rodman
The 'Harlem Shake' becomes a protest in Egypt and Tunisia
Dennis Rodman tells Kim Jong Un he has a 'friend for life'
Titanic II blueprints unveiled; owner promises safe voyage
Roy Hibbert's mom upset with son after his scuffle with Warriors
Intercontinental mind-meld unites two rats
Man holds woman hostage, forces her to cook for him
Deadly mice to rain down on Guam snakes
Dennis Rodman 'friend for life' with North Korea leader Kim Jong Un
Goodwill Sweaters Could Have Demons, No Harm In Praying Over Them
Dennis Rodman meets with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un
Duke to start using softer two-ply toilet paper
First mind-reading implant gives rats telepathic power
Benedict XVI leaves Vatican, issues final tweet
Texas Rangers shortstop given day off due to tattoo soreness
Surprising Twist in Horse Meat Scandal
Mother Kills 9-Year-Old Son For Having Small Penis
Girls Gone Wild files for bankruptcy
Miss Teen Delaware USA Melissa King Offered the title of 'Miss YouPorn'
Tunis 'Harlem Shake' dancers fend off extremists
Paul Abrams: Cruz Claims Hagel Inspired Marx
Ice causes three-vehicle accident
Apple 'hipsters' lament that the company was better before it became cool
Milfs celebrate 60th anniversary
Chris Christie U-Turns And Accepts Obamacare - GOP's Heads Explode
Pasta found in violation of Quebec law
N.H. Lawmaker Says Some People Might 'Like Being In Abusive Relationships' (VIDEO)
Cop charged for not investigating racist slurs against himself
Art School Seized 68 Vials of Semen From Student
Oklahoma City police say man wanted his mom to play Russian roulette
Woman claims to be Real Life Barbie
Chinese commuter complains to manufacturer after fake pregnancy belly falls off on subway
Women More Overweight Because They Do Less Vacuuming and Laundry
Chinese Hackers Drop U.S. Government from List of High-Value Targets
Obama Hat-Wearing Anti-Gun Protester Says She'd Rather Be Murdered Than Use a Gun in Self-Defense
Haughton man accused of attacking elderly dad with cookie cake
STUDY: Don't Support Gay Marriage? You Probably Hate Sushi, Too
Woman shot by oven while cooking waffles
Eric Holder Worries About Obama, Looks Forward to Days When They Can Just Hang Out
MIT Invents A Machine That Can Look At Batman's Face And See His Heart Beating
Klay Thompson's dad is taking his allowance away for getting in a fight
Gang Member Teams with Klansman to Protest Memphis KKK Rally
Suspect 'butt dials' 911 during drug deal near OR police station
Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air Theme Song Prompts School Lockdown
Woman who smoked through hole in throat died
Mother Kills 9-Year-Old Son For Having Small Penis In Indonesia
19,000 in Girl Scout cookies stolen in Spartanburg, SC.
Wichita man arrested after fleeing in canoe
Iran Rolls Out Teams of Snipers to Battle Enormous Mutant Rats
Democratic Congresswoman: Sequester Could Cause "Over 170 Million Jobs" To Be Lost
'Harlem Shake' shakes Muslim Brotherhood headquarters in Cairo
Parents Film Eight-Year-Old Girl Driving At Speed on Icy Road.
Duke University bathrooms getting comfort-focused upgrade
FAA probing Harlem Shake on Frontier Airlines Flight 157
Cop 'chatted about cooking wife'
You Don't Want Super-High-Speed Internet, Says Time Warner Cable
Grape Street Crips Team With Klansmen To Protest KKK Rally.
Preschool closed after parents found that the kids were giving eachother blow jobs
[xRESOURCEx] Building your own sms messaging app online. Use this to help.
[xFUNDDITx] Rainbow Unbroken is on a mission, and we want you to join us!
Dog shoots owner in Florida.
"In 1967, protesters requested a permit to levitate the Pentagon 300 feet in the air, through songs and chants, to exorcise it of its evil and end the Vietnam War. Authorities agreed to only 3 feet." [X-Post from TIL]
£1,700 out of iPocket: Boy, 5, runs up huge bill on iPad game in just 10 minutes
Raj Thackeray party activists bought a car just to set it on fire?
Police hunt naked star jump man
Vince Young scolds Texas quarterbacks for lack of extra work.
Man 'Swallowed' by Florida Sinkhole Under Bedroom - The 36-yr-old vanished Thursday night under his home
5-Year-Old Kid Spends $2,500 On iPad Apps In 10 Minutes
Berlin's New Airport Can't Switch Lights Off
"Ingenious" solution by Knezevic Minister for aflatoxin: Limit will be raised to from 0.05 to 0.5 micrograms.
Anti-Islamist protesters' new weapon: the Harlem Shake, Egyptian-style. How the Harlem Shake is being used to push for change in Egypt
Oakland mayor apologizes for promoting local lockpicking class
Dennis Rodman hails North Korea dictator as new pal
Pat Robertson Says Demons May Have Attached Themselves to Sweaters from Goodwill Shops
'I Love Him,' Dennis Rodman Says Of North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un (X-post from WTF)
The Vatican commemorates Pope with Comic Sans photo album
'Fresh Prince' theme song on phone sparks school lockdown (X-post from WTF)
'Fresh Prince' theme song on phone sparks school lockdown
At McDonald's in Japan, French Fries Are Causing All Sorts of Chaos
Time Warner exec says you don't want gigabit internet
Misheard Fresh Prince of Bel-Air lyrics shut down all schools in Pennsylvania county
Berlin Wall to be torn down to build luxury flats
Snipers in Iran hunt mutated giant rats
Giraffe and Kangaroo meat found in products packaged as Antelope
Florida man feared dead after sinkhole opens under bedroom, swallowing him
Christian school fires pregnant teacher for having premarital sex, then offers a job to the guy who knocked her up.
Possible Cat Burglar Stuck In Tree
First-ever potential female NFL player to attend upcoming combines
Harlem shake reaches new heights; FAA not amused
Man vanishes into bedroom sinkhole
How to Make Doritos Consomme
11 Year Old Boy Delivers a Lecture on Manners to City Council Members
Stoic Belarusian Tourist Has Been All Around the World But Has Yet to Find a Single Place He Likes
'Fresh Prince' Intro Starts Making Trouble in The Neighborhood
Obama says he can't do a 'Jedi mind meld' and persuade Republican leaders to do what's right
[Al-Qaida's English-language magazine] encourages the inspired to smear "lubricative oil" on roadways right before sharp blind turns to cause a traffic accident. ("Demolition Derby Style," it promises.)
Al Qaeda Hits Obama For Supporting Marriage Equality
Woof! Woof! When Pakistan took diplomacy to dogs.
Website offers California town $11.65M to change its name to SugarDaddie.com, USA
Obama: 'Jedi Mind-Meld' Not A Possible Solution For Sequester
Florida Man, 36, Assaulted Teen Relative With Taco Bell Burrito
Police say moose got drunk off apples, stuck in tree
Sinkhole sucks Florida man from his bedroom into the earth
Benedict spends first hours of retirement watching TV coverage of his historic departure
Girl Scouts Ask 'Honey Boo Boo' to Stop Cookie Sales
Dennis Rodman And Kim Jong-Un Share Romantic Dinner, Are Now Best Friends
KKK, Crips Gang Members Team Up To Stop Memphis KKK Rally
NBC Affiliate Replaces 'Office' With 'Matlock'
'Fresh Prince' theme song forces PA school lockdown
Women are piling on the pounds because they have cut down on housework.
Lawmaker Makes Lewd Comment To 17 Year-Old Girl: 'I Got A Snake Sitting Under My Desk Here'
Farting and Discrimination in the Federal Workplace
Malaysia Invaded by the Sultanate of Sabah
Florida pet owner blasted in leg by pooch while driving
Anne Hathaway 'Nipples' On The Oscars Red Carpet Are Super Distracting
McDonald's Korea Kicks Out Kids For Ordering $250 Worth of French Fries
Man accused of attacking dad with cookie cake
Al Qaeda Slams Obama's Gay Marriage Stance
Person Injured When Bullet Explodes In Heated Oven
Mistaken lyrics to 'Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' theme song places local schools on lockdown
How to Date a Wall Street Man
Don't tear down our wall, Berliners plead
Scientific breakthrough allows tadpoles to see out of their butts
In Maui, Wild Chicken Spurs Power Outage At Airport, Surrounding Area
Things are so bad for NBC, The Office and 1600 Penn are being bumped in favor of Matlock reruns
Xpost from WorldNews: Australian billionaire building Titanic II to take same route in 2016 as original Titanic... said "it won't sink"
Bad 'Fresh Prince' Rap Triggers PA Lockdown
Transgender 6-year-old barred from girls' restroom at Colorado school; parents file complaint
Billionaire to build ''unsinkable'' Titanic II
Farmer Using Cannon to Protect Watermelons
Beyonce is a satanist.
Indonesian mum kills son over penis size
Ninja stars fly on Omaha road
Icelandic meat pies contain exactly zero meat
The good news: Meat Pies tested in Iceland contain no horse meat. The bad news: They also apparently contain no meat of any kind.
"Fresh Prince" theme leads to school lockdown
Astronauts will use their feces as a radiation shield on 2018 mission to Mars
Alleged fast-food burglar caught napping on the job after 16 slices of pie
Spokane grandma catches baby dangling from second story window
Bengal Tigers, Deer Found at Mexican Meth Lab
'Fresh Prince' theme leads to school lockdown | The Sideshow
Man dies after stabbing himself during break in (x post from r/canada)
Kansas to ban "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2" due to "Evolutionary Content"
Bunnies implicated in the demise of Neanderthals
Woman claims watching a 3D movie got her pregnant.
Six Degrees Kevin Bacon discovers his actress wife Kyra Sedgwick is his cousin
9-Year-Old Rapper Lil Poopy Has Been Disowned by his label, Cocaine City Records
Obama Combines "Star Trek" And "Star Wars" references, Outrages Nerds.
Fresh Prince of Bel-Air rap mix-up shuts down US schools
Moms strip to finance school bus for children
Entire School District Locked Down Because Someone Misheard A Fresh Prince Lyric
Newspaper's 'smack' spurs report of gunfire at Gettysburg College
The Holocaust Just Got More Shocking
Thief breaks into Popeyes, eats 16 pies, gets tired from eating all the pies, takes nap, gets arrested.
North Korea's Indoctrination of Dennis Rodman is a Great Success (x-post: worldnews)
Black members of the Crips gang partner up with KKK to protest against KKK rally.
LL Cool J: Too Soon to Think About a Christopher Dorner Movie
Charges: Bellingham teen caught with helmet cam footage of himself tagging graffiti
Suspect 'butt dials' 911 during drug deal near police
Failed suicide bomber wakes up in hospital and mistakes the nurses for the promised virgins
Inventor of 'Breathable' Nail Polish Dies
Finally A Gun Is Used To Stop A Crime Instead Of Killing Innocent People
Paris Hilton Poses As Her Boyfriend Bleeds On A Stretcher
Girl retweeted by Bieber gets death threats from jealous fans.
Woman accused of leaving poop in ex-employer's oven and refrigerator
President Obama Named 'Firearms Salesman of the Year' by New Hampshire Gun Shop
Pat Robertson: Snow Is God's Way of Punishing Americans Who Were Planning to Drive to Do Something Gay
Former inmate accused of sneaking back into Rikers island jail
Dennis Rodman North Korea Visit: Ex-Bulls Star Calls Kim Jong-un A 'Really Awesome' Guy
Couple charged over alleged chip-and-dip assault
Jedi? Vulcan? Mind Meld? Mind Trick? What Was Obama Thinking?
World's Sexiest Octopus Ostracized By Biologists
Fresh Prince Lockdown Shuts Down School District.
7-year-old suspended for biting Pop Tart into gun shape
Receptionist Mistakes Fresh Prince Theme Song for Threat; School Goes Into Lockdown
Confirmed: Fox News makes people dumb
School Shut Down Due To "Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air" Ringtone.
Mother Drowns Son for Having Small Penis
State lawmaker defends bike tax, says bicycling is not good for the environment
NRA to African Americans: You'll Need Guns to Protect Yourselves from the Government
Mom takes her 4mo old baby named "Django" to a rave
School Shut Down Due To "Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air" Ringtone. [x-post from r/videos]
Ex con sneaks back into prison.
Horse Meat Found At Taco Bell In UK
Dennis Rodman: 'Not apologizing' for 'my friend' Kim Jong Un
Robber armed with HIV syringe who was chased off by shopkeeper with a bottle of toilet duck is jailed for three years.
Israel introduces 'Palestinian only' bus lines, following complaints from Jewish settlers Israel News
There is nobody at the CIA who could tell you more personally about Kim Jong Un than Dennis Rodman.
Expectant parents killed in NYC crash; baby born at scene (X-post from /r/news)
Pediatrician On CNN: Transgender Girls Will Walk Around Bathrooms With Their Genitals Exposed
Expectant parents killed in NYC crash; baby born at scene
Fresh Prince theme song puts school on lockdown
Boy field hockey star kicked off girls' team for being 'too good'
Colombian wife pours boiling water on cheating husbands' genitals - NY Daily News
Dennis Rodman acting as diplomat between Obama and North Korea. "You both like basket ball, lets start there."
Pentagon: Cuts Could Hamper Ability To Invade Countries For No Reason
Vatican reeling as DNA tests show communion wafers contain 0% Christ
Marion Webster Allegedly Accused Neighbor Of Training Squirrel To Tear Up Flowers
Charlie Sheen to mentor Lindsay Lohan
Cypress HS students suspended for disarming gunman
Fresh Prince of Bel-Air lyrics lead to school district lockdown.
Kim Jong- Un is actually a great guy
Mitt Romney: 'It kills me' to not be president
Dennis Rodman: Kim Jong Un Wants Obama To Call Him
Dennis Rodman: North Korea leader wants Obama to call.
'Fresh Prince' lyrics, mistaken as shooting threat, causes Pennsylvania school lockdown
Kim Jong-un wants to talk to Barack Obama about basketball
"Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air" Theme Somehow Manages To Put School On Lockdown
Peter Gabriel wants to talk with animals online
Cracker Barrel's Oddly Authentic Version of American History
Picture of convicted war criminal Delawar Hossain Sayedee superimposed on the face of moon seen as omen to fight against the government.
Zookeeper reportedly licks baby monkey's anus for over an hour
Al-Qaida is very disappointed in Obama for supporting marriage equality
Egyptian protestors trade 'Harlem Shake' taunts with Islamist regime
WA lawmaker: 'Bicylists are actually polluting when they ride'
Specially Trained Police Dog Fires Gun into Home
Jailed hacker allowed into IT class, hacks prison computers
Astronauts Traveling To Mars Could Be Protected By a Poop Shield (x-post from /r/Technology)
Washington Republican: Bicycles cause more pollution than cars
Kim Jong-un wants to talk to Barack Obama about basketball, says Dennis Rodman
Egypt Struck by Swarm of Locusts Ahead of Passover
Mum kills son: He'd have a bleak life with a small penis
Muslim cleric: Gay sex OK in the service of jihad
Female Iranian communists organize topless protest against hijabs in Swedish capital (from r/europe, NSFW)
Mom Made Peruvian Government Hunt for Her Son After He Went Missing From Facebook
Rodman to Obama: Call Kim Jong Un - They both like basketball, so 'let's start there'
Woman Despairs Over the Size of Her Son's Penis, Drowns Him in the Bath
Batman brings in suspect to Bradford police.
Libyan politician offers to settle UK lawsuit for £3 and an apology
Iran deploys sniper teams in Tehran to battle 'mutant' rats
Free State govt spends R140m on website
New University research has found the most important thing on your resume is your name.
Disco being used to help Holocaust victims get over nightmarish memories
New York man accused of sneaking into jail
Man ordered to pay for swearing at his mum
Australian miners 'fired' for 'Harlem Shake' in gold mine
Miners fired for doing Harlem Shake
Second-grade Maryland boy suspended after chewing pastry into shape of gun
Baby Whose Parents Died in Car Crash Also Dies
Argument against gay marriage in California hinges on accidental pregnancies
Woman on hunger strike for 12 years charged with attempted suicide
Music fans eagerly await first new Jimi Hendrix album in 43 years
Former Smiths vocalist Morrissey blames Beyonce for the extinction of the rhino.
Should've gone to Specsavers ... driver crashes into opticians in Huddersfield town centre
Giant NASA spider robots could 3D print lunar base
Batman Delivers Suspect to Police
Finnish company apologizes for printing Bible quotes on toilet paper
Panda costume pilfered from Muskegon Co. cottage
Snipers Deployed To Kill Tehran's Cat-Sized Rats
State Rep. Says Biking Is Not Earth Friendly Because Breathing Produces CO2
Schoolgirl sent death threats after Justin Bieber retweet of her album review
Panic as 'Fresh Prince Of Bel Air' voicemail message is mistaken for school shooting threat
Fake bishop tries to sneak into Vatican meeting
After Being Cut From Norway, The Pirate Bay Returns From North Korea [x-post from r/worldnews]
The Pirate Bay Moves to North Korea, Gets Virtual Asylum
After Being Cut From Norway, The Pirate Bay Returns From North Korea
Circus Clowns Offended by Comparison to Politicians
White House denounces Dennis Rodman's trip to North Korea
second-grader suspended for making pastry in shape of a gun
Obese fans score special fat seats for 2014 World Cup in Brazil
Boyfriend pushes girlfriend off Utah cliff, breaks up with him on her way down
Drunken pedestrian walks into path of drunken driver, police say
Boyfriend pushes girlfriend off Utah cliff, She breaks up with him on her way down
'Batman' drops off suspect at police station, vanishes into night
NRA title sponsor for NASCAR Cup race in Texas
Oil workers urged to lose weight to create space on helicopters
After being cut from Norway The Pirate Bay returns from North Korea [xpost from technology]
Are smartphones and tablets turning us into sissies?
Notorious UK cyber criminal allowed into prison IT class, predictably causes chaos
Boy on skateboard steals Girl Scout cookie money, officials say
After being cut from Norway, The Pirate Bay is back online from North Korea
New York widow in $250 million estate battle gave up another child from China
Pregnant Woman Fired for Having 'Premarital Sex'
Paris Chefs Kick-Start a Horsemeat Gastro-Trend
Bahrain Bans The Import Of Guy Fawkes Masks
Boy gets suspended from School for pop tart
The Times Kills Its Environmental Blog To Focus on Horse Racing and Awards Shows
Washington State Rep. Says Bike Riders Pollute the Environment, Should be Taxed
Ed Orcutt, Seattle representative, defends bike tax by saying bikes are bad for the environment
The NRA 500: NRA replaces Samsung as sponsor of Texas NASCAR race
In Kazakhstan, No Horror at Horse Meat
US Ambassador Politely Asks UN Colleagues to Stop Showing Up Drunk to Meetings
The Pirate Bay Moves to North Korea to Avoid Strong Governments
Australia offers $200k/year "jobs" to promote tourism. Offered jobs: "Park Ranger," "Outback Adventurer," "Wildlife Caretaker." In future news: unprepared new hires encounter Australian wildlife, are horribly murdered.
Astronaut poop will be used as a radiation shield on a trip to Mars
World's longest running hunger striker Irom Sharmila charged with trying to commit suicide
Senator opposes making cockfighting illegal until abortion is outlawed
Lawmaker Wants to Tax Bicycle Pollution
Woman who smoked through hole in throat dies
Banged-up Brit hacker hacks into his OWN PRISON'S 'MAINFRAME'
Prompted by Oracle rejection, researcher finds 5 new Java sandbox vulnerabilities
Robertson: Worth Praying Over Clothes to Rebuke Demons
David Hasselhoff adds voice to Berlin Wall protests
Biking causes more pollution than driving cars.
The Hype: Is NRA 500 a bad move?
$22,000 roaming bill caused son to go "into a fetal position" and cry
Drone Pilot Ejects From Office Chair
Followers of an Islamic preacher/war-criminal, who was sentenced to death in Bangladesh, apparently saw his visage on the moon last night as a testament to Allah's support for him, and circulated this over the internet/ in mosques. [Article in comments]
Taylor Swift at the Brit Awards: Yet Another Illuminati Ritual for the Masses
Buddhists enraged by toilet in France
Papal leader says church learned from its mistakes.
Republicans resist Obama's Jedi mind meld
High school basketball team disqualified after it is discovered a 22 year old man in a gang faked his eligibility to play.
Seattle School District orders teacher to stop teaching class on race
Surrogate offered $10,000 to abort baby
Bible quotes on Finnish toilet paper draw church protests
The Vatican releases book in Comic Sans and Papyrus
In Kenya presidential vote, candidate facing international criminal charges takes early lead
'Batman' denies being chubby as identity revealed
School District asks parents of 3-year old Deaf Child to change his name because the signs resemble weapons.
US lawmaker blames bicycle breath for global warming gas
Dad of 17 kids from 15 mums faces life for stabbing to death a young father because he'd been 'in a mood'.
Baltimore 7-year-old suspended for making 'gun' out of a pastry
Kim Jong Un just wants Obama to call him, says Dennis Rodman
Guerilla knitting in Leicester 'to reduce crime fear'
Bomb squad, Hazmat called to Winooski apartment - Fermenting liquid sparks investigation
"Fresh Prince" Theme Causes School Lock Down in Pennsylvania
Student suspended for shaping Pop-Tart into gun [x-post r/news]
Baltimore student suspended for shaping Pop-Tart into gun
Islamic Cleric Bans Women from Touching Sexy Vegetables
Iran Battles Giant 'Mutant' Rodents With Snipers.
Sex appears to be a cure for headaches, researchers have suggested.
Imposter cardinal caught attempting to sneak into Vatican conclave.
Tortoise sex sparks conservatory blaze
Pop Tart gun, Josh Welch: School suspends 7-year-old for biting Pop Tart into shape of gun
Pope watchers keeping tabs on Vatican 'backroom boys'
Naked man leads California cops on foot chase after pooping on car roof
ACORN, In New GOP Budget Bill, Would Be Defunded Again, Even Though It No Longer Exists
Sign marks mugging-free zone in downtown Providence
Twitter Reaction to Events Often at Odds with Overall Public Opinion
Live fireplace tv show ignites passions in Norway
USAF Airman stops by his old high school to ask for a letter of recommendation from his old counselor. School, and 2 neighboring schools are evacuated because a guy in camo pants shows up.
WWF's Jake "The Snake" Roberts now has a grip on his addictions, thanks to friendship and yoga.
Study: Twitter Is Full of Haters
Police: Armed man naps in jewelry store
Meditation Makes You More Liberal, Study Says
School suspends 7-year-old for biting Pop Tart into shape of gun
Police Suggest College's KKK Robe Sighting May Have Really Been a Woman in a Blanket
BrisketTown Adds Handy Brisketometer to Measure Crucial Brisket Supply
German Imposter Sneaks into Vatican
Councilman Reprimanded For Calling Friend Gay In Emergency Alert
Oregon Gay Couple's Pink Poodle Allegedly Provokes Stranger's Wrench Attack
Rappers Hoping To Claim Making It Rain On Strippers As A Tax Deduction [X-Posted from /r/hiphopheads]
Rappers Hoping To Claim Making It Rain On Strippers As A Tax Deduction
Dennis Rodman Kicked Out Of Hotel Bar For Loving Kim Jong-Un Too Much
Woman arrested for selling VHS porn tapes door-to-door
All staff in China's first panda-themed hotel to wear panda-costume uniforms
Hollywood Couple Created 'The Bible' Mini-Series to 'Set the Record Straight'
Michael Vick Has a Dog
Cyclists Do Not Emit More Carbon Than Cars, State Legislator Admits
Offline: love, loss, and dating without Facebook
GOP Lawmaker: Bike Riders Pollute The Environment, Should Be Taxed because they exhale more CO2 than drivers.
Saudi Prince angry that Forbes values him at a paltry $20 billion instead of the $29 billion dollars he claims.
Locust swarm of biblical proportions strikes Egypt, Israel before Passover
Harlem Shake videos provoke Tunisian battles
Elderly Woman Dies After Nurse Refuses to Give Her CPR
Second Grade Boy Suspended for Pop Tart Gun
Fake bishop busted and booted from Vatican
The National Republican Congressional Committee outline their budget plans in .gif form.
At 106, Man Finally Gets An Elusive High School Diploma
Pope Benedict XVI's Legacies Remembered in Comic Sans
New York Cops Will Arrest You for Carrying Condoms
Texas could alter famous victory lane gun celebration
Virginia Man Follows Biden's Advice on Firing Shotgun, Gets Charged With Reckless Handling of a Firearm
LEGO spill shuts down highway lane In West Virginia
NBA star inspires kids to read with 'swag'
Two tortoises die in blaze after lustful advances
Petition to change National Anthem to R. Kelly's Ignition (Remix)
Arkansas woman arrested after fleeing police in Power Wheels toy truck
'Ignition (Remix)' White House Petition Demands Obama Change National Anthem To R. Kelly Hit
Portland woman getting work as a chicken-sitter
Pet python wanders off to church
Maryland Second Grader Suspended for Packing Pop-Tart (bit it to look sort of like a gun..)
Gaza marathon cancelled after hamas bans women runners
Air Force will Deliver Planes to Afghanistan...after U.S. Trainers Scheduled to Leave the Country
Upscale new ethnic supermarket in Irvine targets young Asians. "Counters, refrigerator handles and shelves are all 4 inches lower than in standard supermarkets to cater to Asians, who tend to be shorter than the average American"
7-Year-Old Suspended, Teacher Says He Shaped Pastry into Gun
DWI suspect tries to flee accident scene in Power Wheels toy truck
Homeless man gets arrested for biting a teen's but. His response: "It was worth it."
Japanese man dies after being turned away from 25 hospitals, 36 times over two hours
Mother Says Pickle Name is Offensive
TSA allowing knives back on planes
Taylor Swift Insists She Is Not a Clingy, Desperate Girlfriend
Ex-con accused of sneaking back into NYC jails
Gucci Mane Announces Name Change To Guwop, Quickly Changes Mind
First public crucifixion in America to be brodcasted live on Easter Sunday
'Responsible Gun Owner' Threatens Walmart Employees Over Rejected $1.00 Coupon
Boy Suspended From School For Making "Gun" Out Of A Pop-Tart
'Mystery' LEGO spill shuts down highway
Honest Workers Are At A Disadvantage On The Job
GOP Rep Offers Amendment Prohibiting Obama From Playing Golf Until White House Tours Resume
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal insulted at ONLY being No 26 on Forbes rich list
Sephardic Jews invited back to Spain after 500 years
Jeb Bush Pens Book, Disagrees With It
Jeb Bush Disagrees With His Own Book Hours After It's Published
Victoria's Secret Sets Its Sights on Tweens
Man fends off home invader with glass cleaner
TSA to allow wiffle ball bats on planes
Those On My Side Of The Isle Believe Whatever Was True 2000 Years Ago Is True Today
FBI: Sequester Stops Wall Street Fraud Investigations.
Congressional global warming hearing canceled due to D.C. snowstorm
Man in US faces jailtime+fine for laughing too loud in his own home
Chavez's Cancer Was 'Attack' By Enemies, VP Says
Sperm moisturiser: Girl in Cameron Diaz Something About Mary moment
Spokane Mom Catches Baby Bouncing Out of Window
Taylor Swift Scared Of Being Alone.
School Offers Counseling for Students Troubled by Pastry-Gun Incident
Manchester United fan calls the Police over Nani's red card.
The UK is to provide armored vehicles and body armor to opposition forces in Syria "to help save lives", Foreign Secretary William Hague has said.
Mayor Bloomberg's new health crusade: too-loud earbuds
Glenn Beck At His Finest
Ghost Marriages Prompt Grave Robbing as Men Dig Up Brides
Sen. McConnell's campaign does 'Harlem Shake'
Long Island man issued summons for laughing too loud in his own home
World Naked Bike Ride: Australia's Cyclists Get Nude For Safety (NSFW PHOTOS)
Georgia Town Could Make Not Owning a Gun Illegal
Michael Vick And His Puppy Attend New Jersey PetSmart Dog Training Class.
New York millionaire on trial for keeping a slave in her mansion
Take fraping for example, where you're raped on facebook...
TSA to Allow Small Knives, Bats, Clubs on Planes
New anti-gun idea to avoid arming women: Teach men not to rape
Bus Drivers Fired For Racing with Kids on Board
Robert Schiavelli Issued Summonses For Laughing Too Loudly In His Long Island Home
NY man gets summonses for laughing too loudly
Georgia City to Make Gun Ownership Mandatory Because Freedom
Lion Mauls Woman to Death as She has Sex with Lover
Coupon Rejected, Walmart Shopper Pulled Out Gun
Pantless woman tries to leave crash scene in toy truck
Man gets free SUV, Blue Jays jacket and knife. Just bad luck they belonged to attempted murder victims.
Woman Packing Heat, Drugs in Private Parts
Fidelma Healy Eames Social Media
New T.S.A. Rules Draw Praise of National Arbitrariness Association Read more: http://www.newyorker.com/online/blogs/borowitzreport/2013/03/new-tsa-rules-draw-praise-of-national-arbitrariness-association.html#ixzz2MnCLxMfb
Andrew W.K. Named the Face of Playtex "Fresh + Sexy" Wipes (For Wiping Off Before/After Sex) (x-post from /r/humor)
New T.S.A. Rules Draw Praise of National Arbitrariness Association
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad: Hugo Chavez Will Resurrect With Jesus
Owner seeks to unload football team via Craigslist
Maine Man Convicted for Role in Zumba Prostitution Case
Was Mother Teresa actually sort of a jerk?
Former TSA chief backs 'knife' decision; suggests axes and machetes, too
City looks to make gun ownership mandatory
Classmates of student who ate Pop-tart into gun shape offered counseling
Safe-Sex Campaign Stars Pair of Frustrated Musical Testicles
Andrew W.K. endorses Playtex's "Fresh + Sexy" wipes
The U.S. Would Really Like It if U.N. Delegates Would Stop Getting So Drunk
Drunk diplomats ruin UN budget negotiations
Planned Parenthood Is Convincing Teens To Get Pregnant So It Can Perform Their Abortions
Ah I left the toilet open [Haiku]
Instantly Learn Anything You Want in the Real-Life Matrix
House Committee Cancels Climate Denier Hearing due to Bad Weather
Cops: Perp Had Loaded Revolver In Her Vagina (probably NSFW)
Dennis Rodman -- Returning to North Korea to Broker Peace Deal
Former TSA Head supports a new policy allowing small knives on planes, said it should include instruments such as "battle axes (and) machetes."
Federal Open Government Minister Not Fan Of Open Government
PETA Protests Whaling In Assassin's Creed IV, Just In Case There Is Whaling In Assassin's Creed IV
Vancouver park board wants to make Dude Chilling Park legit
Man faces jail for laughing too loudly in own home
Witness's fake eyeball pops out; mistrial declared
Fallon Fox -- Transgender MMA Fighter Wants to Fight Chicks In UFC
Visitors to Met museum in NYC sue over "deceptive" suggested donation admission fee
On Campus, Costly Target of Brazen Thefts: Nutella
Bill would require justices to draw straws for job
Florida Man Hits Boyfriend With Plate For Listening To Too Much Alanis Morissette
Woman Arrested after Lakewood Waitress Handed her own ID
Lakewood Restaurant Customer Arrested after Trying to use Waitress's Stolen ID
Phish Release Seven-CD Box Set From Historic Fall 1997 Tour
Moonlight Bunny Ranch Offers 'Stimulus Program,' Where Tax Refund Goes To Sex
Kansas City Royals announce slogan for 2013 - 'This Year, We're Trying to Win'
Man Fakes Own Kidnapping to Avoid His Girlfriend
China: Woman mistakes semen for moisturizer
Chavez Wasted His Money on Healthcare When He Could Have Built Gigantic Skyscrapers
AP: Chavez Wasted His Money on Healthcare When He Could Have Built Gigantic Skyscrapers
Woman killed by lion while having sex
Irish politician seeks tough new internet laws to stop "Facebook rape"!
Hanoi bans short, fat traffic police
Police arrest woman and find loaded gun hidden inside her vagina
Senator suggests people pay to post online comments in bid to curb cyberbullying
Chicago anchor loses it over report woman had gun hidden in vagina
Despite Visit From Retired Basketball Player, North Korea Vows to Nuke United States
Chinese physicists measure speed of Einstein's 'spooky action at a distance': At least 10,000 times faster than light
Former TEA Chief backs 'knife' decision; suggests axes and machetes, too
North Korea says it will launch nuclear attack on America
Dems block vote to denounce drone-killing of US citizens on US soil
Niall Ferguson And Paul Krugman Trade Ad Hominem Attacks In Debate Over Ethics Of Ad Hominem Attacks
Israel Braces For Locust Invasion Ahead Of Passover
Plymouth woman sues FedEx, saying it revealed her address to smugglers who accidentally sent package containing marijuana - Metro
Canada Strategic Maple Syrup Reserve Theft: 720,000-Gallon Stash Found By Police
Genaro Hernandez Mendoza: Oregon burglar accidentally shoots and kills himself with stolen rifle.
Mom Reportedly Mails Knife to Kids & Instructs Them to Kill Their Grandparents
Days after losing state Supreme Court case, Republicans seek to lay off justices
Lakewood waitress handed own stolen I.D. while serving drinks
Paul Krugman [Popular Economist] Declares Personal Bankruptcy
Kid gets suspended from his school for making a poptar gun ~ smh
Andrew W.K. Named the Face of... Playtex "Fresh + Sexy" Wipes
Page 3 protesters pointlessly go after Lego | Planetivy.com
French mom faces fine for dressing son named Jihad in 'I am a bomb' shirt
Applebee's waitress asks patron for ID, gets own stolen driver's license in return
Tuna Recall Blamed on Seal
New York Man Summoned to Court for Laughing Too Loud
Two men from Puerto Rico arrested at Logan Airport were not aware $1 million in cocaine was stashed in their suitcases, attorneys say
Unpaid $16 Buffalo Wild Wings bill leads to high-speed chase, arrest for Detroit man
Berkeley Councilman Proposes Email Tax To Fund Postal Service
Ahmadinejad's claim that Chávez will be resurrected with Jesus 'went too far'
Battered wife knifed her husband to death then discovered he was a woman.
Dennis Rodman chills with Kim Jong Un in North Korea
Lady Gaga's Fans Claim Madonna Responsible For AIDS, Protest GLAAD Appearance
Tree stolen from Mill Ends Park replaced -- for the good of leprechauns, officials say
Woman killed by lion as she made love to her boyfriend
Woman with no pants on, 28, tries to flee scene of Arkansas DUI accident on a child's battery-powered toy truck: police
Dennis Rodman: President Obama should call Kim Jong Eun
Andrew WK Is the Face of Playtex Crotch Wipes
Georgia Republican proposes relaxing gun restrictions on mentally ill
Jail Guard Busted In Cookie For Nookie Scheme
Iditarod Mushers test-drive 'pee pants'
Justin Bieber Vents Frustration on Twitter
Only Tree In World's Tiniest City Park Stolen.
Pink trains 'would make women safer'
Tampon Subscription Services Look to Absorb Women's Monthly Frustrations
Utah lawmaker opposes cockfighting bill because abortion is legal.
Nanoparticles loaded with bee venom kill HIV (x/post /r/Science)
Woman mauled to death by lion as she made love to boyfriend in Zimbabwe
Push to make 'black magic' a crime in Indonesia
West Virginia mayor calls son's cocaine arrest a 'relief'
Lone tree stolen from World's Smallest Park in Portland
Does shooting goats save soldiers' lives?
Suspension of Wash. state child who talked about toy Nerf guns overturned
Accused of theft steals the phone to her lawyer in hearing (google translate)
Skywalkers in Korea Cross Han Solo
Gun Shaped Cloud Spotted Over School All Students Suspended for 5 Days
Iran Deploys Snipers to Combat Cat-Sized "Mutant" Rats
Dennis Rodman and Kim Jong-un: friends for life?
Teen dance at strip club cancelled after city steps in
Dog shoots man in Florida
Woman Arrested For Allegedly Selling VHS Pornography Tapes Door-To-Door
Waitress is presented her own ID by hapless alleged thief
Battered student cooked housemate's hamster in frying pan.
PETA Wants To Rename Fish "Sea Kittens"
7-Year-Old Suspended From School for Gun-Shaped Pastry
Police puddle splash: Michael Davidson's case dismissed
Firefox tool erases Justin Bieber from Web
Kings of Leon admit they're "too drunk" to work on new album
3 boys accidentally dial 911 while attempting a burglary.
Armed man found yelling at tree
The gameshow winning supercomputer that couldn't stop saying 'bull****': IBM forced to wipe hard drive after machine downloaded an urban dictionary
NYS DRIVE Act Would Ban Ferraris and Other "Assault Vehicles"
Georgia Town Mulls Mandatory Gun Ownership
Georgia town may soon require every homeowner to carry a firearm
3D-printed implant used to replace 75 percent of man's skull
French 'invasion force' lands at Gosport
'Beer Cart Fridays' reward workers at Florida health care company
Global warming is epic, long-term study says
North Korea's Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea spokesman said, "We will never miss the golden chance to wage a great war for national reunification."
Warner Brothers to Prosecute DC Character Tattoos
B.C. woman hits moose on way to visit sister who hit moose
Oversharing Dude Gets Vibrating Dildo Stuck Up His Ass, Livetweets Trip to ER [UPDATED with X-Ray]
Your chances of dying by 2012? Test offers a clue
Poll: Majority of Americans Opposed to Being Killed by Drone
Sister hits moose on way to visit sister who hit moose [x-post from /r/funny]
Woman hits moose on way to visit sister who hit moose
Fat cat found abandoned last year near Dallas slims down to 34 pounds
George W. Bush's art teacher says he'll "go down in the history books as a great artist"
Gun show host shot and killed by a jealous husband.
Canadian Parliament Adorably Debates Zombie Apocalypse
Whole Foods promises to label GMO ingredients by 2018
Teeny-tiny Portland park has an itsy-bitsy theft
John Brennan Sworn in as CIA Director Using Constitution Lacking Bill of Rights
"Q" marries "U" in ceremony at Kansas elementary school
82-year-old woman dragged off train for allegedly singing too loudly
Meteorologist Forced To Sit In Corner Over Bad Forecast
Death Cafes Breathe Life Into Conversations About Dying
TIL Continuum, a magazine devoted to the idea that AIDS is a conspiracy, went out of print in 2001 after all the editors died of AIDS. [X-post from /r/TodayILearned]
Can men be taught not to rape?
TIL Continuum, a magazine devoted to the idea that AIDS is a conspiracy, went out of print in 2001 after all the editors died of AIDS.
Woman To Pay Fine After Sending Son Named 'Jihad' To School With 'I Am A Bomb' Shirt
Police: Centralia mother let toddler smoke pot from a bong
Poll: Majority of Americans Opposed to Being Killed by Drone : The New Yorker
Norway teacher fired after letting children taste her blood
Putting his X-Men training to good use: Hugh Jackman leaps across a giant puddle
Dog TV is launched in Israel for home alone pets.
The Daily Mail wins awards for its quality journalism
HS Wrestler Without Arms And Legs Defies Odds And Wins First Match
Man begins to save world by creating a Pareidolic bubble.
Bloomberg Worried About Private Jet Owners Using New York City Homeless Shelters
Guy Builds Solar-Powered Death Ray In His Backyard
CA school board member to serve time for pimping
George W. Bush, painter of puppies and semi-nude bathroom self-portraits
Sports Illustrated Names Obama One of the 50 Most Powerful People in Sports
Cupcakes With Army Soldiers Get Kid In Hot Water At School
Twitter User @Grawly Says He Has A Dildo Stuck Up His Butt, Livetweets Hospital Trip (TWEETS)
Spring Breakers Freaked Out As Fishermen Drag Sharks Onto Florida Beach
George Bush Has Painted Over 50 Puppies, And His Teacher Says He'll Go Down In History As A 'Great Artist'
Chicken-wing theft kicked off burglary spree in Parkland, authorities say
P. Diddy confesses to wetting bed as child
Wall saves baby after driver crashes into home
US state to arm school teachers
George W. Bush, Puppy Painter
Mexico, Canada Brawl: World Baseball Classic Fight 'Got Ugly Fast' (VIDEO) [UPDATED]
The Professor, the Bikini Model and the Suitcase Full of Trouble
China's top Internet security agency singles out the United States as the top source of hacking
Afghan leader: Taliban, US are colluding to help show foreign forces are needed after 2014
Woman in sumo wrestler suit assaults ex-girlfriend who waved at man dressed as Snickers bar
The Existential Pain of Being Young, White, and Affluent.
Saudi Arabia considers halting beheadings due to shortage of swordsmen
Addison Police Drop Investigation of Dallas Redditors' Alleged Organized Crime Ring
Steak made from human poop passes taste test
Love hunters in China are sometimes paid over a million dollars to find the perfect wife
In a Changing China, New Matchmaking Markets - The Price of Marriage in China
Why Justin Bieber is like Mozart
Dixmoor Mayoral Race Has Mom Running Against Son: 'I Wish I Could Evict His A**'
Bloomberg says Obama should be golfing every weekend
Ferret Attacks Professional Soccer Players During Game
Monster mosquitoes poised to strike Florida
Washington State Rep. Ed Orcutt Claims Bicyclists Produce More Pollution Than Motorists
Md. Man's Gun Fires at Shooting Range, Killing Him.
Host Of TV Gun Show 'A Rifleman's Journal' Shot And Killed
Darth Vader raids smoke shop
Men's Rights Activists Turn Samus into a Man after Dad Replaces Mario with Pauline for Daughter
New CIA Director, after being filibustered over disagreements over the Bill of Rights, takes his oath of office on a Constitution lacking...the Bill of Rights
"Hitler wasn't all bad," 42% of Austrians say
Facebook To Last 100 Years: So Says Man With Large Stake In Facebook
Before the conclave, horse-trading has begun
Ohio Amish Convicted In Beard, Hair-Cutting Attacks Face Unfamiliar Life In Prison.
Skeleton Face Tattoo May Help Stolen Goods Hunt
Technically speaking, no one ever really dies on a plane [FOX]
S. Korea braces for North's unexpected provocations
And Now, A Talking Shoe From Google
Outrage as lion that killed woman as she made love to boyfriend is shot
Chicago Cubs video assistant takes second to David DeJesus in team bunting contest
Tea Party Congressman Introduces A Hilarious Amendment To Stop Obama From Golfing
Teen dance at Windsor strip club cancelled after city steps in
8-year-old schoolboy marries a 61-year-old mum of five
Man Allegedly Wrecks Former In-Laws' Truck For Love
Gender diversity experts everywoman help HR leaders tackle leaky female talent pipeline
US main source of cyberattacks against China
Trial of dead Russian whistleblower postponed
Baby is killed by loving dad's kiss
A gun for every home? Maine town to vote on mandatory firearm ownership
Skydiving cats cause uproar
Radioactive wild boars found in Italy
Hate preacher Abu Hamza's hook to be replaced... by a spoon
Man Makes Failed Attempt to Climb Out Eighth Story Window with Bed-Sheet Rope After Wife Locks Him in Bedroom
Man's Netflix tattoo scores free year's service
Britney Spears' Butt Makes An Appearance At Soccer Game (PHOTO)
Printer return foiled by counterfeit bills
Thousands of Dead Pigs Clog Shanghai's Main Water Source
Voucher school history book: Hippies didn't bathe, worshipped Satan
Oil spills can benefit economy, panel told
Maryland bill protects right to bear Pop-Tarts
Dead pigs in Shanghai water supply don't ring alarm bells for Chinese officials
Pope Candidate Axed Over Trashy Facebook Photos
Man found living comfortably inside Chicago drawbridge
Program lets Twitter users tweet after death
10 injured, 4 critically after car enters hair salon, Luckily, no one dyed
Betting money on a dead horse: Seriously
'Fifty Shades of Grey' author E.L. James to publish writing guide
Eight-year-old boy marries 61-year-old woman because the ghost of his grandfather told him to do so.
PETA to hand out Zerg anti-abuse pamphlets at StarCraft 2: Heart of the Swarm launch
Local chaplain played vital role in war
As cardinals gather to elect Pope, Catholic officials break into a sweat over news that €23m investment includes gay sauna
Iowa Rodeo Clown Guilty of Growing 1000+ Marijuana Plants
Facebook 'likes' predict personality
Subway 'Footlong' lawsuit now a federal case
Vatican Pays $30 Million For Building Featuring Europe's Largest Gay Sauna
Wis. education officials want students to wear 'white privilege' wristbands
A's OF Michael Taylor injured his finger while throwing his gum away
Registered hunter armed with a .44 revolver shot host of TV hunting show
Chris Brown Admits That He Does Not Own Rihanna's Vagina
Soldier Kicked Out Of Special Forces Because He Can't Grow A Beard
EOC to Leave Congress Street; Downtown Troy to Face Historic Mannequin Head Shortage
Personality and Facebook-likes might be linked
Stonehenge was ancient rave spot, say researchers
Priests share €23m building with huge gay sauna. (xpost from offbeat)
George W. Bush Will Go Down in History as a Great Artist, Says Instructor Read more at http://www.christianpost.com/news/george-w-bush-will-go-down-in-history-as-a-great-artist-says-instructor-91656/#BMpwPScsH2M6Or9c.99
Texas Megachurch to Unveil $5 Million Noah's Ark
Kansas Bill Would Ban Abortion Clinic Employees From 'Bringing Cupcakes' To Their Child's School
Louisiana psychic accused of taking $10K to clean woman's curse
Police Dog and Horse punched out by 2 different suspects
A rotting tide of pig carcasses edges towards Shanghai
Catholic Church accidentally buys a gay sauna
"Breaking Bad" a front for crystal meth manufacture.
Iran's president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad criticised for hugging mother of Hugo Chavez
Maine town won't require every household to own a gun
Survey: Africans ready for African Pope
Strip Club Brawl Results In Leg Amputations For Two Men
Mother tries to sell kids on Facebook for $4000
Ukraine trains killer dolphins (Wired UK)
Dennis Rodman Claims He'll Vacation with Kim Jong Un This Summer
Boy born with half a face
German bishops' company: It's not porn, just erotica, so we're suing the 'slanderers'
World's Smallest Baby: 21 weeks and six days
Danish TV uses Assassin's Creed screenshot in report on Syria war
Caerphilly Castle Ladies Football Club's brave face on 43-0 defeat
Chicken Digs Up WWII Soldiers' Remains and Shells
Florida man, 70, accused of shooting younger wife's even younger lover after catching them during sex
Okla. woman found with gun in vagina, meth in buttocks(x-post:r/wtf)
Vatican Purchases Europe's Largest Gay Sauna
Obama Admin Funding $1.5 Million Study to Find Out Why Lesbians are Fat
Ahmadinejad Touched And Consoled Chávez's Mother, To Clerics' Dismay
Rodman: I'm going on vacation with Kim in August
Snake died after biting a model's breasts
BBB Gives Itself an "F" in LA - The Better Business Bureau has expelled it's Southern California chapter in the wake of an ABC News investigation into allegations of a "pay to play" culture to which higher ratings were awarded to businesses that paid for membership status.
The snake that died of poisoning after biting a model's breasts
Reports: Iran mulls suing Hollywood over "Argo"
Dennis Rodman Is Rushing to Rome to Hang Out with the New Pope
'Dead' woman returns to life on day of funeral
Ukrainian Killer Dolphins Deserted to Seek Mates
Killer Ukrainian Dolphin On The Loose
FEDs Spend $15 Million to Study Why Lesbians are Fat
Feds Spend $1.5 Million 'to Study Why Lesbians Are Fat'...
NYC Attorney Asks Judge To Ban Jews From Accused Terrorist's Jury
Ukranian Attack Dolphins on the Loose
Extra Hour for Melting
According to the Associated Press, Rodman is expected to arrive in St. Peter's Square on Wednesday in a makeshift popemobile
Bonobos opens stores that don't sell anything
As cardinals gather to elect Pope, Catholic officials break into a sweat over news that priests share €23m building with huge gay sauna
Hamas: 'Declaration Of War' If Obama Visits Temple Mount
Chinese thwarting seatbelt laws with black stripe shirts
Mom Of Possible Pope Says Her Son Isn't "Up To The Bitchiness In The Vatican"
Liking 'Wu Tang Clan' on Facebook is one among many indicators of heterosexuality claim researchers.
Petition Started To Create Macho Man Randy Savage Day
Google introduces Google Shoe at SXSW
But when the smoky haze -- caused by rapid fire of nearly 140 bullets in less than 30 seconds -- dissipated, it soon became clear that more than a dozen officers had been firing at one another across a middle school parking lot in East Cleveland.
Prison guard busted exchanging sweet treats for sexual favors from inmate.
Md. Woman Cited for Driving Too Slowly in Left Lane
3 Killer Commando Dolphins From Ukraine On The Loose
US $1.5 million study launched to find out why 75% of lesbians are obese
Vatican department shares Rome palazzo with gay sauna
The next time you decide to sign in for your classmates....
Rove: Media should learn from Vatican and stop prematurely calling elections
Boxer combats cyberbullying by tracking down his Twitter bully
Conservatives almost tricked into passing their own budget
Sarah Palin announces bid for presidential nomination of 2014
NBA star Dennis Rodman set to arrive in St. Peter's Square in a makeshift popemobile to support Cardinal Peter Turkson of Ghana
Police: Report of feline sexual assault unfounded
Hundreds of Unopened, Glittery Letters Addressed to Taylor Swift Discovered in Nashville Dumpster
A Lack of Swordsmen May Lead Saudis to Abolish Beheadings
Unopened Taylor Swift fan mail found in Nashville dumpster
Disney: Sorry your kid went missing under our watch, have a 2 day park pass!
Man Blames Library Book's Tardy Return On World War II
Man Accused of Horrible Crime Takes Consistently Jolly Photographs
Porn site offers Kobe Bryant $5M to enter dunk contest. (x-post from /r/nba)
Dennis Rodman Wants to Meet the Pope
ALICE Spring's only prostitute threatens to leave after thieves steal set toys.
University settles student's lawsuit over emotional-support guinea pig for $40,000
ALICE Springs's only prostitute has threatened to leave after thieves steal her sex toys.
Brisbane's bucketing makes it 'hard to get hold of the scrotums'
Panhandlers outside of WalMart making more than employees inside
State With Highest Obesity Rate Passes 'Anti-Bloomberg Bill' To Ban Food Regulation
Md. woman ticketed after driving 2 mph under speed limit
Alert: Escaped Ukrainian navy dolphins may have guns
Iran considers suing all of Hollywood for making it look bad in Argo
Mom allegedly let toddler do bong hit
'Concerned' Minnesota man explains how butt 'enzymes' cause AIDS
Teen critically injured after failing to blow on pie
One-armed terror suspect's hook may be replaced with a spork
Ukrainian Attack Dolphins on the Loose In the Black Sea
Hackers Attack Bank Minutes After NSA Chief Warns Senate About Hackers Attacking Banks
Ukraine to Deploy Dolphins with Guns on their Heads
Charity worker, on leave for stress, sacked after employers saw a video of him wrestling a shark.
Bird Turd Jesus: Ohio Man Jim Lawry Says Dropping On His Windshield Is Image Of Christ
Government Spends $1.5 Million On Study To Determine Why Lesbians Are So Fat
Minneapolis man explains to legislators that sperm causes AIDS.
Feds Spend $1.5 million to Study Obese Lesbians
Montana Man Pleads Guilty to Waterboarding Kids
Illinois Appeals Court Finds That Bad Rap Lyrics Are Not a Crime
Screw This Town - Hooker says she is leaving after crim's steal her sex toys
Screw this: Dildo duffing has hooker huffing
The Billionaire Chinese Blogger Who Wants to Buy America's Most Expensive Building
Ukrainian 'Killer' Dolphins Escape Naval Training Base In Search Of Love, Report Says
Woman Cited for Driving Too Slowly in Left Lane
Golfer Swallowed by Sinkhole
Sick leave shark wrestler Paul Marshallsea sacked
Soda Wars Backlash: Mississippi Passes "Anti-Bloomberg" Bill
Antichrist is a Vegetarian: Cardinal
Thieves Steal Entire Bridge In Western Turkey
Heavily Armed Sex Crazed Dolphins on Rampage in Black Sea
5 Ways We Can Teach Men Not to Rape
Pentagon Study Finds Beards Directly Related To Combat Effectiveness
Potentially armed military dolphins missing in the black sea.
'Lady Liberty' jailed in Fort Worth, accused of resisting arrest.
Dolphins armed with guns and knives allegedly escape into wild
Girl have arm growing on her back
Could Germany spark another war? I fear it's all too possible, says Dominic Sandbrook
Public holiday today 'for no rhyme or reason'
Romanian lawyer sues priests for not helping him get rid of demons
Heavily armed sex-crazed dolphins on rampage in the Black Sea
Ukrainian 'Killer' Dolphins Escape Naval Training Base In Search Of Love
Dennis Rodman lands in Rome, certain next pope will be black
Ultrasound Reveals Child is Emperor Palpatine
'Ain't Nobody Got Time For That' Viral-Video Star Does Have Time To Sue Apple
Four armed and legged girl
Every nation's most popular porn site search term revealed: Americans favour a 'MILF', Australians like gay men... and Syrians like their aunt
Man who threatened squirrel back in jail
6,000 Dead Pigs in River Not Affecting Shanghai's Water, Officials Insist
U.S. golfer swallowed by sinkhole on 14th hole
Self-Conscious Airplane Passenger Ends Up in Hospital After Refusing to Leave Seat for Fear of Exposing Fat Gut to Pretty Seatmate
Canada's Harper government playing Americans for fools
Sitting next to pretty woman for a 5-hour flight almost kills a man
Sinkhole swallows Missouri golfer on 14th hole
Militarized dolphins choose sex over fighting
3-year-old recovering after tarantula at birthday party blasts his eyes with painful microscopic barbs
Dennis Rodman at the Vatican: 'I want to be anywhere in the world I'm needed'
'Concerned Father' Explains: Gay Marriage Can Lead to Anal Sex, 'Ejaculation Inside of a Colon'
Armed Man Turns Out to Be Art Student
Brazilian docs fool biometric scanners with bag full of fake fingers
Mississippi poised to pass 'Anti-Bloomberg' bill banning healthy food regulations
Language wars: Quebec unions share 'horror stories' of civil servants who used bilingualism to help citizens
Congressman With Massive Debts Argues Federal Government Must Have Balanced Budget
Woman gets ticket for driving 2 mph under speed limit in left lane
Washington Post columnist angered by lack of Jewish popes
Sacked: the corgi which disobeyed Dame Helen Mirren
Could a pious, radically reformed Oscar Pistorius be a future African pope?
Creating mini black holes on Earth easier than previously thought, researchers say
Texas faith leaders pray for increased access to contraception
Dolphin, Apparently Healthy, Swimming In East River
Harmony Korine thinks he's "The most pure human being who ever existed."
Harmony Korine thinks he's "The most pure human being that ever existed."
North Korea Blames Conflict on (Female) South Korean President's "venomous swish of skirt"
Man caught with stolen meat
New Justin Bieber murder plot revealed
After nailbiting presentation, students on their way to bigger stage
Why Your Children's Television Program Sucks: Max and Ruby
Japanese politician banned for wearing wrestling mask to meetings
Quitting smoking 'cuts heart risk'
George W. Bush paints puppies
Paul Ryan Offers Refreshingly Honest Take On GOP's Health Care Proposal
Police: Man licks woman's neck after yelling 'I am not a pedophile, I am a rapist'
Twitter user @yolandademena tweeted on february 11 about her boyfriend having a dream about a new pope called Francis I, just before Benedict XVI anounces his retirement
Removing an Indian politician's wallpaper crashes the laptops that he distributed to students
6-month-old Chicago girl dies after being shot 5 times
Taco Bell's Doritos Locos so popular fast-food giant added 15,000 jobs last year.
Putin brings in Steven Seagal to sell revival of nationwide Stalin-era fitness program
Paul Ryan Offers Refreshingly Honest Take On GOP's Healthcare Proposal
Toddler ate used condom found at McDonald's
Baby Survives Eight Story Suicide Jump in NY
Calgary zookeeper fired after gorillas raid kitchen
Man faces five years in prison for releasing balloons on beach as a romantic gesture.
Sarah Palin's forthcoming book on the commercialisation of Christmas... may well be out in time for, er, Christmas
Fox CTS coverage of Women's Day is a B-Roll of Boobshots
Russian man takes four hostage to demand pizza
Preacher: Sex with 17-year-old was Lord's work
Principal: 1st grader can't perform body fart act in talent show
Underage drinker, when asked if arrest is funny, responds "It's hilarious. Roll Tide!"
Most Depressing Temp Job Ever Ends With A Man Losing His Penis
Japanese Lawmaker Refuses to Stop Wearing His Signature Lucha Libre Mask to City Council Meetings
San Francisco restaurant Bacon Bacon facing complaint over smell of main product
One-legged man takes homeless woman's car for joyride.
Pope Francis warns Church could become 'compassionate NGO' without spiritual renewal
National Vulnerability Database taken down by vulnerability-exploiting hack
Man who wrestled shark away from kids fired for missing work
Italian bishops thank God for wrong pope
Prince Charles: Arabic is tough to learn
Convicted Iowa killer paroled; must live in Kansas
Amsterdam's Oldest Prostitutes Retire After 50 Years (And 355,000 Customers)
Justin Bieber Just Invented An Amazing New Use For Instagram
Millionaire Lectures America About Joys Of Frugality
Man kills himself at gun safety class in Washington state
Oklahoma Mother Attempted To Sell Her Kids On Facebook For $4,000 to Pay Boyfriend's Bond
'One-Lung' Rabbi Feels Kinship with One Lung Pope
Shark Dies After Being Put In A Backyard Pool For Kmart Commercial Shoot
Giant Mosquitoes Set to Plague Fla. Gov. Rick Scott
$18K to be awarded in first ever game jam for cats
Body Gummy Made With 3D Scanner Is The Latest Way To Say 'I Love You'
Couple arrested for allegedly putting razor blades in doughnuts and eating them in attempt to extort money from shop owner.
This Man Thinks He Never Has to Eat Again
Seriously? Another broken Carnival ship?
Charlie Sheen: Please Deliver Dog S**t To My Kid's Former School
Giant Sea Cucumber Eats With Its Anus
Zoo experiment shows porn puts pandas in the mood too.
Vice President Launches Audio Series On 'Being Biden'
Solution to view-blocking development: Build More Space Needles
MP Eric Joyce arrested after fracas at Commons bar karaoke night
Samantha Delvalle, California Mother, Arrested After Her Two-Year Old Son Tests Positive For Meth
Gay hair salon owner accused of vowing 'to only employ fat, gay and lesbian stylists'
United States Postal Service to enter the fashion industry
Celebrate "Pi Day" by throwing hot dogs down a hallway
Man denies sex with 'pretty hot' 13-year-old
Akbar Zib, Pakistani Diplomat, Rejected In Saudi Arabia Because Name Means 'Biggest D**k' In Arabic
Egypt warns giving women some rights could destroy society
New Pope twice invoked his right under Argentine law to refuse to appear in open court in trials involving torture, murder and the theft of babies.
Director Of Kony 2012 Announces Plans For Anti-Masturbation Documentary
Sex Cereal formulated for sexual health. Sex Files | Life
Jack Schaap, Indiana Pastor, Claimed Jesus Wanted Him To Have Sex With Teenage Girl
Penis Snatching on the Rise -- Africa's Genital-Stealing Crime Wave Hits the Countryside
Colorado School Names Conservative-Studies Professor
Japan's first 'Cuddle Cafe' opens, only £24 to sleep with a girl
CU-Boulder names first visiting conservative scholar.
Pope Francis has only one lung. Is it enough?
Chris Brown Called For Prosecution In Ghana: 'He Encouraged People To Take Up Arms'
NJ bakery shuts; sugar found in sugar-free items
Connecticut TV station under fire after using lingering montage of breasts to celebrate Women's Day
Wisconsin man banned from all libraries on earth
Area man vigorously picks nose, winks at us before TNT broadcast of Blazers/Knicks (VIDEO)
Windfarm sickness spreads by word of mouth, Australian study finds - Health complaints from people living around turbines shown to be psychological effect of anti-wind lobby making people worry
From Olympic runner to Glaswegian heroin addict
Pandas Ke Lin and Yong Yong mate after being shown 'panda porn film' at China breeding centre in Chengdu, Sichuan province
Report: Shark used for Kmart commercial dies
Westboro Baptist Church Founder Fred Phelps Might Be Gay, Former Member Suggests
College Freshman With Peanut Allergy Dies After Eating a Cookie
Horse meat burgers prove a big favourite at London pubs
Two-Headed Lamb Born In Ghana
37 percent of people completely lost
Responses to the pope's election (x-post from /r/funny)
Blackmailer threatens to pollute Red Bull energy drink with poop
Panda porn shown in attempt to get two to mate
Florida lawmakers look to ban EBT use at strip clubs, casinos, liquor stores, and gun shops
Biden To Narrate White House-Produced 'Being Biden'
Man leaves wife at home to go on holiday with doll
Penis Stealing 'On The Rise' In African Countryside
New Drone Could 'Snatch Humans Off the Street'
Council considers ban on apostrophes
Westboro Baptist Church Founder Fred Phelps May Be Gay, Suggests Former Member Lauren Drain
Allergic Teen Dies After Eating Cookie
Pot-Hating New York Politician Cited for Having Pot
Teen Burglar Kills Goldfish Because He Didn't Want To Leave Any Witnesses.
Transient loses mandolin, ferret in Eugene street robbery
Anti-Weed N.Y. Assemblyman Steve Katz Charged With Possession
20-year-old man caught by his father trying to rape his grandmother 'because he couldn't get a girlfriend'.
Girlfriend Chases Boyfriend to Store without Pants for Refusing Sex, Attacks Him
Real life superhero stops fight against crime after he is attacked
Newark man robbed of weed reports it to cops, then accidentally drops leftover dime bag, officials say
Sugar-Free Bakery Shut Down After FDA Discovers Sugar In Sugar-Free Items
32-Year-Old Man Wants to be Adopted
18-year old sentenced to prison for "face rape"
Anti-medical marijuana NY assemblyman arrested for marijuana possession.
Resurrecting the Extinct Frog with a Stomach for a Womb
Maldives' president unveils plans to relocate entire nation to Australia
Is Pope Francis the Jennifer Lawrence of Vatican City?
CPAC Participant Defends Slavery At Minority Outreach Panel: It Gave "Food And Shelter" To Blacks
11-year-old tries to abduct 6-year-old: Older child was arrested
Sex-deprived woman attacks boyfriend over Xbox Addiction
Seattle men busted at the border with illegal candy
Cat Shaming Is The New Dog Shaming
32-year-old man to be adopted
Engineers plan to upload bee brains into flying robots
Dear Prudence: I'd like to give my new girlfriend my dead wife's vibrator
Death more likely than losing federal job
Roaches Fall from Ceiling, Crawl Up Seats on Infested Greyhound Bus
Man guilty of raping suicidal stranger who had taken overdose
Vladimir Putin teams up with Steven Seagal to promote healthy lifestyle
9-year-old charged in McDonald's armed robbery also arrested in carjacking
Collection of Onion-esque TV captions (e.g. MAN KILLED TO DEATH)
King Obama Refuses To Eat Without "Food Taster" At Government Meeting
CPAC: Black Man Tossed Out After Breitbart Hack Screams at Him 'Race Doesn't Matter'
Canadian police arrest over 250 at anti-brutality rally (x-post r/canada)
TV station uses breast montage to celebrate Women's Day
Football player gets booked for farting in the referee's face
Muslim Brotherhood denounces UN Commission on Women for destroying family values through their promotion of radical ideas like "full sharing of roles within the family between men and women"
Donte' Stallworth hurt in hot air balloon accident, source
Our Dangerous Obsession with 'Health' . "When we consider health to be the cake instead of the frosting, we approach the edge of a crumbling moral cliff." "[health] can become a vessel for self-absorption and for decadence."
Snow Sculpture Car Receives Parking Ticket
Soda-Obessed Mayor of Illiterate City to Convene Climate Change Summit in World's Rape Capital
Former KFC turned into medical marijuana dispensary (x-post from r/southpark)
Former KFC turned into medical marijuana dispensary
Russian fundamentalists sue US, want Alaska back
Manassas police release sketch of threatening note writer
Sip of a Big Gulp energizes Palin pep talk
Council 'murders' apostrophes in street sign row
Reality TV Star Palin Likens Washington to Bad Reality Television
CPAC's 'Trump the Race Card' Panel Derailed by Actual Segregationist
Sex doll auction in Brazil draws $105,000 bid to take Valentina's 'virginity'.
Slavery Defended by GOP Minority Outreach Panel at CPAC
Paedophilia is an illness NOT a crime, says cardinal just days after papal conclave (x-post from r/worldnews)
President of Chechnya gives minister's job to a man whom he met on internet
Hotel soaps used to combat human trafficking
Walmart Customer Falls on Gatorade Sign, Wins $1.3M
Sarah Palin Holding a Big Gulp Is the New Statue of Liberty
Dispute over a pork steak results in death
Are there more US black men in prison or college?
Teen shoots himself in groin, blames ninjas
Man banned from 'all libraries on the face of the earth'
French spies attacked in Bulgaria
Teen whose heart stopped after attaching electrified clamp to his nipple sues teacher, school
Scratch tickets become 'Kwikies' in lottery rebranding, retailers 'very upset about it' - Bangor Daily News
Portman (Republican who came out in support of Gay Marriage) Inspires Other Republicans To Stop Speaking To Their Children
Murderer who beat victim with frying pan then stabbed her 25 times
Police patrols increased at Oak Lawn Chuck E. Cheese's
Family sues to force sex offender to buy their home
Key West Man Arrested For Breaking Into Airport To Steal Beer
Two men accused of stealing $40,000 in Subway gift cards by selling hacked checkout systems
Man in motorized cart shoots Walmart employee in dispute over dog, police say.
Woman Behind North Dakota's Abortion Ban Hates Abortion Because Hitler
Greek Player Banned From National Soccer Team For Life For Giving Nazi Salute
[x-posr r/worldnews] Greek footballer Giorgos Katidis banned for Nazi salute
Mr. Prawo Jazdy, Ireland's most arrested driver, turns out to be Polish for "driving license"
Prison guard shoots own finger to remove wedding ring amid drunken dispute
'I was born without a penis but I'm getting one made from my ARM': Security guard, 39, is among first in the world to undergo pioneering operation
Acne's Designer Still Unsure About Brand's Name
New dad builds world's fastest baby stroller - Salon.com
Man forbidden from "all libraries on the face of the earth"
Rabid otter mauls Venice walker
Guilty verdict ruins 'promising' lives of Steubenville rapists
Man High On Bath Salts Kills Neighbor's Pet Goat While Wearing Bra And Panties
Wanted: People willing to die on Mars
Greek midfielder Giorgos Katidis banned from national team after Nazi salute goal celebration
Feds To Investigate Cleveland Police After 137 Shots Fired In 59-Car Chase
'The Hoff' battles Berlin property developers to preserve last remnant of the wall
Al Qaeda claims responsibility for Melbourne's Myki ticketing system
Weather rocket kills man and blows up his body at cremation
Palestinians want to make sure Obama is aware, during his upcoming visit to the region, of the most important issue on their minds: the lack of 3G mobile internet access.
Canada prisoners in daring helicopter escape
3,000 More Dead Pigs Won't Make the Huangpu River Any Worse
Driver arrested after farting on police officer.
Catnappers shaved my pussy
Drunk Man Blames 'Colorblind' Horse For Running Red Light: Cops
Thieves refuse to steal man's phone because it isn't a smartphone
Why does the devil in 'The Bible' look exactly like President Obama?
BlackBerry CEO calls Apple's iPhone user interface outdated
"We are treated as if we are bigots," claims gay marriage opponent.
Making calls is now the fifth most-used function on smartphones
5-year-old sorry for racking up $2,500 iPad bill in 10 minutes
It Seems that More and More Parents Are Using Drug Dogs to Sniff Out Teens' Weed Stash
Thieves refuse to steal phone because it isn't a smartphone
Report: Police Consider Sandy Hook Shooter a 'Deranged Gamer' Who Tried to Outscore Other Killers
'The Bible': Satan Actor Looks Like Obama In History Channel Miniseries
Ice-skating bear kills circus head
60-year-old running for homecoming queen was accused of murder
Auschwitz launches Facebook site
Mom to 911: Send police to scare the s#!% out of my kids
Read the headline, then look at the pictures
The Syrian Masturbation Epidemic
Adolf Hitler actor Bruno Ganz to play Pope in US television series
Cats Could Deliver Mail
Hipsters Returning Urban Outfitters Clothing in Droves
Dermatologist suggests Botox as a possible treatment for depression
Steubenville Rapists To Be Released For Football Games | The Daily Currant
Santorum Claims Minority Cardinals Voted Twice in Papal Conclave | The Daily Currant
Jeb Bush: 'My Brother Is An Idiot' | The Daily Currant
'Penis snatcher' strikes fear with handshake
Man's arm will become his new penis
Deaf-Mute Held 21 Years in Killing Gets New Hearing
Juvenile Court To Try Shooting Defendant
Republican party wants to end perception as "stuffy, old white men"
Thief Steals Chinese Delivery Car, Continues To Make Deliveries
Student Excited Dad Got Head Job
Condom Truck Tips, Spills Load
City Unsure Why the Sewer Smells
One-Armed Man Applauds the Kindness of Strangers
Diana Was Still Alive Hours Before She Died
Death is Nation's Top Killer
Massive Blow Jobs for Belmullet
No ADHD Drugs for Healthy Kids, Say Neurologists
Man Born Without Penis to Get One Built From Arm Skin. And he boasts that he's slept with more than 100 women
Missing grapefruit juice cues man to home burglary
Man catches woman who stole his iPad after he logs in and sees her taking hilarious 'selfy' portraits
Finally, a tablet simple enough for a woman to use
NYPD cops ordered to run criminal checks on domestic-abuse victims
Man pleads guilty to threatening Obama with 'tweets'
Police issue warning about illegal butt enhancements
Towson student advocates for segregation at CPAC event
Amazonian Tribal Leader's Son Experiences Culture Shock After Moving to New York City
CNN Pays Touching Tribute To The Rapists Who Attacked A 16-Year-Old Girl
BlackBerry execs release heartfelt musical tribute to BlackBerry 10 launch [video]
My willy is made out of my arm
The Bibe creators, History Channel deny show's Satan resembles President Obama
BREAKING: Girls Play Video Games, Local News Discovers
Man born with no penis to have miracle sex-life saving surgery from one grown on his arm
The Bible creators, History Channel deny show's Satan resembles President Obama
History Says Satan Does Not Look Like Obama
Swallows may be evolving to dodge traffic /Road-kill numbers crash as birds shorten their wings to become more agile.
Lululemon withdraws sheer yoga pants, stock drops
North Carolina church stops performing straight weddings until gay marriage becomes legal
Hug ban proposed for St. Mary's County Public Schools
Double amputee fleeing in electric cart busted by cops and charged with gunning down Walmart worker in fight over service dog
Earthquakes Turn Water Into Gold
Miami Gardens police: 'Doctor' injected concrete, tire sealant into woman's buttocks
I've Been Single for Seven Years and I Can't Figure Out Why
"Stop Girl" reveals her identity to ESPN, breaks Reddit's heart
History Channel's Satan looks a lot like Obama...
Cannabis scratch and sniff cards to track down farms
Vaginal gel loaded with bee venom may destroy HIV : TreeHugger
David Hasselhoff protests plans to tear down the Berlin Wall
Divorce Reasons: Taiwanese Woman Divorces Husband Over Small Penis
Police send out scratch and sniff cannabis cards to familiarise public with the smell.
UK Salon Owner Accused Of Only Hiring Fat, Gay Hair Stylists
For U.S. Infrastructure, D+ Grade Shows Progress
Massachusetts Senate candidate joins protest against TSA allowing knives.
Preschool closed for swaddling infants
Company expects worldwide 'shortage' after recall of see-through yoga pants.
Lululemon recalls pants for being see-through - Male yoga attendance increases
Officials Say Shanghai's Water Quality is 'Normal', Despite the 13,000 Pigs in it
A fire report came out today that revealed a naughty squirrel caused a garage fire in Romford.
North Korean video shows imagined attack on Washington
Jedi could perform marriages, says Free Church of Scotland
Penises are being stolen
Maryland School Bans Hugging: St. Mary's County Public Elementary Schools Ban Hugs, Birthday Party Invitations and Homemade food
This qualifies as news on my local station - "Obama/Satan Resemblance"
CNN Runs Segment Praising Jerry Sandusky
Two-Year-Old Onion Story Perfectly Predicted CNN's Shocking Steubenville Rape Trial Coverage
Lululemon recalls pants for being see-through
Dick Cheney Marks Tenth Anniversary of Pretending There Was Reason to Invade Iraq
Amsterdam's Oldest Prostitutes Retiring At 70
Britney Spears escorted out of Target
Student who fried a flatmate's hamster sentenced.
Really old, but still entertaining
McMaster researchers' colonoscopy tool likened to Google Street View
See-through pants problem causes Lululemon recall
London-Based Cleric: Wahhabi Fatwa Allows Sodomy to Widen Anus for Jihad Purposes
Frats pledge to be alcohol free
Chicken Lays Giant Egg In Chinese Village (VIDEO)
Yoga pants recalled for being too revealing.
Crooked Canadian Cop Busted for Cheese Smuggling
Westboro Baptist Church Epically Trolled By Rainbow Colored House Right Across The Street
George W. Bush May Exhibit Nude Self-portraits In Florida Art Exhibition
Will cheese derail the plan to save the Western economy?
Eating chicken makes kids gay, top Colombian model says
Voice of Elmo Sued Over Meth-Fueled Sex Parties
Police 'looking for a horse' after hay and carrot thefts
Music Teacher Claiming To Be Healer Accused Of Infecting 16 With HIV
Bogus 'bingo' earns no jail time (x-post r/offbeat)
Lululemon recalls yoga pants because they are too transparent
Company director called Bart Simpson appears before judge named MR BURNS
Bogus 'bingo' earns no jail time
Seniors Flirt With AARP's Online Dating Service
One Direction fans target Liam Payne's pet puppy with vile death threats
Codeine Sales Surge as Lil Wayne's Overdose Drives Panicked Enthusiasts to Stock Up
Chuck E. Cheese Brawl: Child's Birthday Turns To 18-Man Fistfight, Drug Arrests In Florida
Feds Spend $3.8 Million to 'Decrease Human-Elephant Conflict'
The Bible Creators "Love" President Obama, Did Not Mean to Cast Zombie Obama-Lookalike as Satan
The Man Who 'Owns' The Moon Says His Galactic Government Could Solve The Federal Deficit
Hotel Made From Cake To Open Doors
NORML Gets Mad at Elizabeth Warren for Cracking Joke at Pro-Gun and Legalization Republican...At St. Patrick's Day Breakfast, Event for Politicians in MA to Make Fun of Each Other.
Lululemon pulls yoga pants for being too revealing; shares plunge
22-ton bridge stolen from Turkish village
Virginia Rapper Attempts to Sacrifice Friend to Join Illuminati
Lonely Indian Man Spends £14,000 on a Gold Shirt
As Lululemon recalls too-sheer black yoga pants, its stock sinks
Storm brewing over Weather Channel's bid for internet address
Woman Parks Car On Train Tracks Because She Hates Train Whistles
Minister in charge of tax evasion quits - in tax row
Geauga County judge didn't notice T-shirt TJ Lane wore in court that had 'KILLER' handwritten on it
Yoga pants recalled because they were "too transparent"
Dead deer runs for freedom on Cork Street when Kalamazoo officer opens car trunk.
Rochester Police have begun sending polite letters to individual gang members that explain why they should stop the illegal activity
Suit accuses Elmo puppeteer of crystal meth sex party
Many rules of tennis a mystery to the game's stars
Dennis Rodman Slips Up, Accidentally Reveals Kim Jong-Un's Secret Daughter
Campus Cop Charged with Stealing Donuts
Thieves steal an entire bridge
Freedom Is Brief for Canadians Who Fled Prison by Helicopter
'Cookie Monster' Steals Century-Old Cookie Sculpture
Steven Seagal To Lobby On Behalf Of Russian Gun Makers
Mining company seeks good looking receptionist in controversial job ad
Ian McKellan is set to officiate Patrick Stewart's wedding, promises no mutant attacks, lots of fireworks
Show ID before using Public Restrooms in Arizona
Worker at stress ball factory allegedly punches boss, brandishes knives after losing job
Car crime victims 'financially penalised' by police claims
Robot Programmed to Fall in Love with a Girl Goes too Far
Elmos puppeteer of crystal meth sex party
Judge bans teenager from saying 'bingo'
Pennsylvania school asks students to cut back on Axe body spray after one student is hospitalized
Suit accuses Elmo puppeteer of meth sex party
Treat Your Kids Like a Team of Agile Software Developers and Lower Your Family Stress
A Requiem for Chuck Norris's Beard
Napalm Death gig cancelled over fears high decibel levels "could damage the fabric of the building"
Rat at Fukushima Plant May Have Caused Blackout
US government still paying Civil War veterans families service benefits
Kentucky teen sentenced to not say "bingo" for 6 months
Westboro rainbow house: Man buys home across from anti-gay church, paints with gay-pride colours
San Diego restricts beach use after seal abuse
Man who sold his face for tattoo advertising, is now selling his body space so he can pay for the removal of the 20 face tattoo ads
Neiman Marcus, 2 other retailers admit to selling real fur as "Faux Fur"
Lululemon recalls yoga pants - too revealing
Dennis Rodman: North Korea 'pretty much like any other country'
Jon Hamm's penis has been banned from the set of Mad Men
Las Vegas Lawmaker Says Proposed Stripper Tax Could Raise Millions
Nearly 2,000 Penises Get Stuck in Zippers Each Year
US companies seek final approval to start slaughtering horses for food
Queens woman seeking buyer for her large vinyl record collection
Pope's first call thought to be a prank
Man Who Got Porn Site Logos Tattooed to His Face Now Somehow Regrets That Decision
Survey: Low-wage workers gloomy about future
Pope Francis spoke of being 'dazzled' by girl, possible change of celibacy rule
Stephen Colbert's sister "Lulu" runs for Congress against an ex-Governor who ran away to Argentina for a week with his mistress
Comcast begs employees to vote for Charter in "Worst Company In America" poll
Brook Park woman creates decorative eggs, wards off evil
Esquire Editor Explains Women are 'Objects'
Medical pot facility partners with Bone Thugs-N-Harmony rapper to create new marijuana strain
Don't fear babies made with genes from three parents
Utah Schoolchildren Asked To Celebrate Fossil Fuels And Mining On Earth Day
V&A scraps Napalm Death gig for fear decibel levels will damage the Ming vases
Man turns face into tattoo billboard for internet porn sites, regrets it
We Have Six New Amazing Paintings by George W. Bush
Marmite is surprise hit ingredient in new £125 Union perfume 'Celtic Fire'
Eating chicken makes kids gay, top Colombian model claims.
British Teen TV Star Allegedly Raped Fellow Actor To Prove He Was Bisexual
Scottish Government responds to claims that same-sex marriage will lead to Star Wars inspired Jedi marriages
Samsung South Africa apologizes for sexist reveal of new fridges and washing machines
Uh Oh, Kids in Texas "Get a Pretty Good Sex Education from Their Animals"
Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster vow to take Poland to European court
Reformed Nazi Twin Singers Renounce Racism; Credit Marijuana
Chinese Teen Murders His Parents So He Can Play Web Games in Peace
Principal cancels Honors Night because it might be "devastating" to students who didn't make it.
Judge bans teen from saying the word "BINGO" for 6 months
Football star announces he is donating his entire salary to himself
Wrestler Chris Masters uproots tree with his hands to save mother from burning house
U.K. police hope to sniff out pot growers with marijuana-scented cards
Hamster found during blizzard on Edinburgh street
Oops: The U.S. Secret Service almost accidentally shot Iran's president
Twenty money-saving tips from bankers and their wives
Lay Off The Axe Body Spray, Says Freedom High School, For Our Health
N.W.T. man finds knife blade in back 3 years after stabbing
Male Enhancement Pills Recalled for Actually Enhancing Male Performance
Coincidence? 'The Bible's' Devil Looks Remarkably like President Obama
BP accused of rewriting environmental record on Wikipedia
Obama's limo towed away in Israel: Driver uses GAS instead of diesel
Snake possibly burns down home
Wave of prawn deaths baffles Chile city of Coronel
Saxby Chambliss: 'I'm Not Gay. So I'm Not Going To Marry One.'
Richard Branson Asks Obama For Marijuana At White House Dinner
Teen arrested for yelling 'bingo!' in crowded hall
Popular Model Claims Hormonal Chickens Are Turning Children Gay
Oil spill clean-up ship hit sandbar en route to government news conference in Vancouver
Kids lose "bad mother" lawsuit. Can't take mom to court over bad birthday cards.
Escort charged with attempted murder for penis-biting, cops say
Chicken With Hormones Turn Kids Gay, Says Colombian Model Natalia Paris
Swimsuit-clad 'granny' defies winter in YouTube videos
"Sex education in our public schools are promoting incest." -Televangelist Jimmy Swaggart
Hacker deletes all of Soulja Boy's music videos from YouTube
Teen Sentenced Not To Say "Bingo" For Six Months
Russian Fundamentalists Sue US, Want Alaska Back | Russia
Two Months Late On Budget Plan, Obama Submits March Madness Bracket
Sex toy gives singers that extra octave
Catholic Principal SEAMAN Admits to Video-Taping Male's Locker Room for 15 Years
Teen Sentenced To Not Say 'Bingo' For 6 Months
Singer Who Everyone Thought Was a Lesbian Spews Anti-Gay Hate at Concert
In The Iditarod Race, 'Pee Pants' Get An Endurance Test
New sausage double beef burger at McDonald's China
Oil recovery vessel ran aground en route to federal tanker announcement
Taiwanese fugitive arrested after being noticed by a policeman for wearing a "WANTED" T-shirt.
British Airways to hold a hackathon on a plane above the Atlantic ocean
Aspiring Rapper Shoots Friend as Sacrifice in Attempt to Join Illuminati
Teen arrested for shouting BINGO in a crowded hall
Marijuana Found On Man In Court On Pot Charge
This sheepshead fish with human teeth will haunt your dreams
Budget Cuts Force City Government Employees to Bring Own Toilet Paper to Work
Napalm Death gig at V&A Museum cancelled amid fears building may collapse
Punxsutawney Phil indicted for false informing
Blind dog has seeing eye dog
Gucci Mane's 'Spring Breakers' Sex Scene Was Actually Stoned Rapper Just Sleeping
Niles students suspended over beef jerky
Large asbestos-contaminated tarantula on the loose
Hardcore BDSM Sex Tape Starring Joe Jonas Rumored to Be Dropping in 3...2....?
Barclays boss Rich Ricci pockets nearly £18million in shares bonanza
'Saudi weather station down due to head-on collision with camel': BBC Twitter accounts hacked by group calling themselves the Syrian Electronic Army
Pat Robertson warns of 'scamsters in religious garb quoting the Bible'
Teen shot in face during Russian roulette game
Shoe monument for man who threw footwear at Bush [x-post from TIL]
Former NBA Star Becomes School Crossing Guard
New Pope Holding Major Ceremony In A Youth Jail
Zooey Deschanel: 'I do try really hard to be normal'
Titans cheerleader sexually assaults a 12 year old boy. Claims she drunkenly confused him with a man at the house. (x-post /r/nashville)
Ruth Bader Ginsburg: The Supreme Court Justice Who Can Do More Push-Ups Than You
Oil spill clean-up ship hit sandbar en route to government news conference in Vancouver (X-Post from /r/Canada)
Lululemon CEO: Put on pants and bend over
Trending GALAXY S 4 HTC One PlayStation 4 iPhone 5 Hubs Apple Android Microsoft Three BBC Twitter accounts hacked by Syrian Electronic Army
Three BBC Twitter accounts hacked by Syrian Electronic Army
Two bulls hanged to death for damaging crops
Large asbestos-contaminated tarantula 'on the loose' in Cardiff
Ohio Wants the Death Penalty for Punxsutawney Phil
The Day the Secret Service Almost Accidentaly Shot the Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Ohio prosecutor seeks death penalty for Punxsutawney Phil after bad forecast
'Whale bone porn' at Vancouver museum should be censored, says offended mom. (With photos!)
To Punish Thai Police, a Hello Kitty Armband
Sex toy gives singers an extra octave
Angry over U.N. inquiry, North Korea touts its human rights credentials
A Joke About Dongles At A Conference Led To Two People Losing Their Jobs And A Huge Mess For Tech World A Joke About Dongles At A Conference Led To Two People Losing Their Jobs And A Huge Mess For The Tech World
A Joke About Dongles At A Conference Led To Two People Losing Their Jobs And A Huge Mess For The Tech World
Pentagon urged to stop stalling, start planning defense cuts
iPhone is outdated, according to the chief executive of BlackBerry
India passes rape law that sets age of consent at 18
Miley Cyrus 'twerks' in a unicorn costume.
North Korea says North Korea is a great place for human rights
Ohio prosecutors 'indict' Punxsutawney Phil over early spring forecast, seek death penalty
Syria calls for jihad on jihadists
The jihadist rapper wanted dead by both sides of the 'war on terror'
Woman Lights Snake On Fire, Flaming Snake Burns Woman's House Down
Anti-gay Cardinal is gay
Man Found Innocent After 20 Years in Prison - Now Florida wants him to serve three years for violating his parole 22 years ago.
Punxsutawney Phil 'indicted' over spring forecast
President Obama's Twitter Account Retweets Photo of John Lennon's Bloody Glasses
Ohio Prosecutor Indicts Punxsutawney Phil, Seeks Death Penalty
Local video game involves a killing spree in Port Moody high school
Burglar Armed with Semen-filled Squirt Gun gets 18 Months
Harvard Player's Mother Hoping Her Son Doesn't Take NBA Player Job Over Chance to Make "Real Money" as a Hedge Fund Manager
Husband Attacked With Oatmeal
North West. Kim Kardashian & Kanye Are Naming Their Baby North West.
Woman sets fire to snake, burns house down.
Mother of D1 college basketball player fears son might pursue NBA career because it doesn't pay well enough.
Road very slippery after glue spill
Hello Kitty toy sparks riot in Singapore.
Student Suspended For Not Stomping On Jesus
Titans cheerleader sexually assaults a 12 year old boy. Claims she drunkenly confused him with a man at the house.
Punxsutawney Phil 'indicted' for lying about early spring
Google Discovers Students in Vietnam Could Pass Its Interview Process
The Internet finally reaches its apex as man marrying My Little Pony character writes angry email to erotic pony artist
Umbrella mistaken for assault rifle sparks manhunt in Olympia
Punxatawny Phil indicted over Spring forecast
Groundhog a furry felon over false forecast
Harvard Stripped of Four Quiz Bowl Titles After Investigation Into Cheating Scandal
Frightened Texas woman ignites snake, burns down home
Messy face tips off cops to 'ice cream junkie' bandit
Punxsutawney Phil, groundhog, deserves death penalty, says Ohio prosecutor
Man marrying My Little Pony character writes angry email to erotic pony artist
Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum almost formed a "superticket" to combat Mitt Romney's rise last year.
Children should be allowed to get bored, expert says
Woman's house burned down by snake she set on fire
Woman sets snake on fire, snake sets house on fire
Boy, 10, killed by falling sign at Alabama airport
Oil spill clean-up ship hits sandbar going to tanker safety photo-op
NFL player offers teammate a year supply of diapers for his jersey number
Texas woman's home burned down by snake she set on fire
75 year old killed Georgia, Armenia internet [2011]
Huffington Post seeks people who have had sex with aliens. (15 have responded)
Salad is more dangerous than beefburgers, leading food expert warns
Book Based on 'The Bible' Miniseries Becomes National Bestseller on the Heels of Telecast Success
Miniskirts banned in Seoul. New law has South Korea buzzing
17 year old german girl with "yolo" tattoo gets run over by a bus and dies
Sheriff condones use of deadly force against women in order to prevent abortions
13-Month-Old Antonio Shot By Young Boy In Front Of Mother
Woman is afraid of wild snake, sets it on fire. The burning snake runs into nearby bushes, fire spreads and her house burns down.
Fart-filled Ontario anti-smoking ad hits a nerve (with video)
Is Torrington another Steubenville?
Amanda Bynes Tweets 'I Want Drake To Murder My Vagina'
Montavilla Bar Tanuki Closes to Head off Oregonian Review
Man stages attack to impress date
Ground 'indicted' in Ohio over spring prediction
Groundhog 'indicted' in Ohio over spring prediction
Businessman sells $20 novelty golf ball finders for $40,000 as bomb detectors to governments, police and military services.
VW Snow Sculpture Given Parking Ticket
NRA makes Robocalls in Newtown, Connecticutt
NRA makes Robocalls in Newtown, Connecticut
North Dakota Votes To Ban All Abortions
New pope, old pope meet for lunch
Man carrying umbrella, not rifle, was on his usual route
Bill Gates Will Give You $100,000 to Build a Better Condom
Tea Party group boycotting Fox News for becoming too liberal
Bill Gates Has $100,000 For Anyone Who Can Invent a High-Tech, Next-Gen Condom
Wrongfully convicted man who spent 23 years in prison has heart attack day after release.
Museum's 'whale bone porn' leaves Vancouver mother 'extremely disturbed'
The Tea Party is Boycotting Fox News Because It Is Too Liberal
The sexual politics of meat
Pittsburgh caretaker accused of drinking $102K worth of historic whiskey [x-post from /r/Pittsburgh]
Tilda Swinton to Occasionally Sleep in Glass Box at the New York Museum of Modern Art
Burglars stymied in bid to rob AlarmForce president's home
Elderly Resident Shocked by High Electric Bills
San Francisco Chronicle Puts Its Pay Wall Announcement Behind A Pay Wall
IRS apologizes for 'Star Trek' training video
Woman sets house on fire trying to kill a snake
Peter Jackson considering a novel adaptation of The Hobbit
Canadian man finds knife in back 3 years after he was stabbed
IRS calls 'Star Trek' parody video a mistake
Peter Jackson planning novelisation of The Hobbit
Ford of India in hot water for Figo celebrity bondage ads
Truman Capote's cremated remains invited to attend 'Breakfast at Tiffany's' Broadway premier
WATCH: Woman Lights Snake on Fire, Snake Incinerates House
Town Of Dull, Scotland, wants to become a sister city to the town of Boring, Oregon
Christian B&B owners sued over refusing gay guests can now turn away homosexual couples
'The Bible' Producers Dismiss Devil Character's Resemblance To Obama
Woman lashes out at partner after he was caught masturbating
Urban Exploration Helps Terrorism, Counterterrorism Agency Warns
Chris Christie Undecided About Pseudo Therapy Practices that Electrocute Gay Children
First tablet FOR WOMEN launched
FBI finds perfect new headquarters location. The only problem is there's a 'secret CIA facility' already there.
Drunk hitches ride on high-speed ICE train
Hermiston district cancel 'zombie survival skills' class for middle schoolers
Mayor of Batman, Turkey Sues Warner Brothers, Chris Nolan
Punxsutawney Phil Indicted for Fraud
Millionaire trying to raise money through Kickstarter to send her daughter to RPG camp
Museum's 'whale bone porn' leaves Vancouver mother 'extremely disturbed'; demands its removal
FBI finds a perfect location for a new HQ in Virginia.. only to find the CIA is already occupying it.
Tilda Swinton sleeps in glass box for surprise performance piece at Museum of Modern Art
Russian Orthodox Priests Want Alaska Back
Northern Virginia officials worry secret CIA facility could scuttle hopes for landing FBI HQ
Jews Upset After Prospect Park Accuses Them Of Throwing Bread In Lake
Police barred from penis enlargement
Groundhog Phil a furry felon over false forecast
Tea Party boycotts Fox news for being too left wing.
Mother, son charged with impaired driving on same day
Jesus Christ tries to break into Armenian Parliament
Axe murderer killed a prostitute with an axe because he mistook her for his ex-wife
Palmer Township man assaults girlfriend with half-gallon tub of ice cream
Woman Sat on Toilet for 2 Years
Mother mistakes the word "Mom" for "Bomb". School is evacuated.
Hitler Joins Gun Control Debate, But History Is In Dispute
Cold Prosecutor Indicts Punxsutawney Phil for Fraud
NY town: OK to boo, politely, at board meetings.
GOP Congressman: 'The Best Thing About The Earth Is If You Poke Holes In It Oil And Gas Come Out'
B.C. minister's cat catches fire during Earth Hour
Kanye West to name son North.
Indian woman has five husbands, all brothers; they just 'take turns'
Kanye West to name child North. North West.
Mississippi Politician found shot to death at home of former Lawmaker
Indian woman has five husbands, all brothers.
Man kills wife over dog poop
Bogus 'bingo' earns no jail time, Man, 18, forbidden from saying word for six months
Former WWE wrestler X-Pac Hospitalized After Splitting Anus Open on Botched Bronco Buster (x-post from r/squaredcircle)
Sean "X-Pac" Waltman Hospitalized After Splitting Anus Open on Botched Bronco Buster; Requires Surgery
Peter Jackson planning novelization of The Hobbit
School in Essex bans triangle shaped flapjacks after pupil is hurt
Woman Loses 200 Pounds, Now Miserable
Teacher says nuked friend for immortality
Ford India apologizes for advert showing Silvio Berlusconi driving car with three women bound and gagged in the boot
BBC News - Canvey Island school bans triangle shaped flapjacks
'Amazing Race' Apologizes for Anti-American Episode
Arijit "Poop Strong" Guha has died of colon cancer
Jonesboro man fakes knife attack to impress his date
Facebook Money Pics Bust Dad for Allegedly Dodging Child Support
War hero in boobs flash plea to brave medic trying to save him
Miss Israel Tried To Seduce Barack Obama To Free A Spy
Mom Steals $9,800 From Daughter's Girl Scout Troop, Spends It On Rent on her Christian Book Store and a Senior Dating Service
IRS Goes Where No One Has Gone Before, Uses Tax Payer Money To Pay For Star Trek Spoof
Investigation underway as wind turbine comes down due to high winds
Swedish 'Hotel' Lets You Pay to Be Homeless - Sleep in the cold for $15 a night
Canadian man finds source of burning itch on back - a knife blade from a stabbing a half decade ago
Amish kids listen to Kris Kross and follow the Phillies
US Senate Unanimously Votes To End Unfair Subsidies For 'Too Big To Fail' Banks (cross-post from r/politics)
Elderly Citizens Fight Back With New Martial Art "Cane-Fu"
Michele Bachmann Accidentally Booked on Gay Cruise
Woman faces federal charges at West Point in alleged theft -- meatballs
US Senate Unanimously Votes To End Unfair Subsidies For 'Too Big To Fail' Banks
Gates Foundation challenge shoots for a better condom
Lindsay Lohan movie 'InAPPropriate', directed by the ShamWow guy, fails to 'wow' at the box office
Knoxville man sleeps through 4 hours of house fire
Weather groundhog Phil 'indicted,' accused of lying as winter continues
Wisconsin officials say they will close nude beach on weekdays to cut down on sex, drugs
Steve Jobs manga portrays the man as a dreamy, drug-fueled genius that Japanese girls could love.
Kanye West to Call New Album "I Am God"
Tchaco Tchaco - Tsunami
Bill Gates to Pay $100,000 for a Better Condom
Q: Is that Capitol sink for Muslims? A: No, mops
Gaelic Football player releases statement on the current state of his beard.
Cadillac lands on roof of house; Driver says breaks failed.
People Seem Really Excited About Tilda Swinton Sleeping in a Box at MoMA
Lyrics to Carly Rae Jepsen's next single to be crowdsourced via online poll
South Korea threatens to destroy statues of Kim il-sung and Kim jong-il if provoked by North Korea [x-post from worldnews]
Goldman Rejects Proposal That Firm Run for Elected Office
North Dakota bans sale of all womens underwear that don't cover at least 50% of their buttocks.
FBI joins search for missing Brown student
South Korea Considers Surgical Strike On Statues Of Kim Jong-il
'They will destroy us', says high school teacher Stelios Metaxes, on the Cyprus bailout
Live bomb found in squid
Ford apologizes for ads featuring women bound and gagged in car driven by Silvio Berlusconi
NYC Mayor Bloomberg: Government has right to 'infringe on your freedom'
Punxsutawney Phil getting sued for getting prediction wrong; facing the death penalty
Mother leaves baby in car with note saying she is shopping
JP Morgan Chase awarded 'crisis management' prize for disaster it created
Tennessee Lawmakers Confuse Mop Sink for Muslim Footwashing Sink
Salem man distracted by hamburger before Sunday's train-vehicle collision
Scalia Says Marriage Views Not Affected by Lifelong Fear of Gays
Swedish Feminists Are So Bored They're Telling Men How to Sit on the Bus
Banks In Europe May Now Seize Deposits To Cover Their Gambling Losses
Is Tenn. Capitol Sink for Washing Muslim Feet? No.
Woman, know thy place
Racist Hate Group To Conduct Nighttime Patrols On College Campus
Harassed women work harder.
IE11 to appear as Firefox to avoid legacy IE CSS
Woman faces federal charges at West Point in alleged theft of Meatballs
Scientists Sterilize One of the World's Most Endangered Species
White Student Union at Towson University will conduct nighttime campus patrols
North Dakota Bans String Underwear
Quebec man, mangled by boat propeller, pieces his life back together
Mom picking up son charged with drunk driving also charged with drunk driving [x-post r/canada]
Mom picking up son charged with drunk driving also charged with drunk driving
Bill Gates to boost sex lives of millions with condom redesign
Gates Foundation Says It's Time For a Snazzier Condom
Can Bill Gates help build a better condom?
Joe Biden, One Night in Paris: $585,000
Nebraska Police Chase Down Man Video Recording Their Abuse While Second Man Video Records It All
India cardboard traffic police to deter violators
A Man Wins the lottery two weeks in a row in the city the rhymes with Fun!
Texas Biolab Loses Deadly Guanarito Virus
New Jersey man 'very happy' after winning $338M Powerball jackpot.
Chili fundraiser draws $40K even though toilets clogged after 160 people ate dinner
Albany police: SWAT used poor black neighborhood for training because it's 'realistic'
Regina man wins $250,010 in lottery draws
Pa. groundhog's handler taking blame for wrong forecast, prosecutor mulling 'pardon' for Phil
IRS Concedes Star Trek Parody Video Was Waste of Taxpayer Money
Crisis Averted When Tennessee Lawmakers Discover Muslim Foot Bath Is Actually Just a Mop Sink
Diaper Found in WalMart Parking Lot Infested with Brown Recluse Spiders
Land mines in our sexual landscape
Jessi Slaughter is now a boy named Damien: Is the internet to blame?
Prostitute dies during love making, 'resurrects' in coffin
Frito-Lay Announces Locos Tacos Doritos, Creates Rift in Space-Time Continuum
21 weirdly angry Mail Online commenters
Eating meat is associated with male power in its most vile & repugnant forms...
Minor league ballpark unveiling "urinal video games" in men's restrooms
North Korea's public relations man is a Spaniard with a tough job
Yahoo buys startup run by 17-year-old
Australian store charges customers a $5 'just looking' fee in bid stop showrooming
With No Irony, Rush Limbaugh Says Lesbians are Obese Substance Abusers
PA groundhog's handler taking blame for forecast.
Tenn. Lawmakers Reassured That Mop Sink Isn't Sink For Muslims To Wash Feet
North Korea 'defeats' US troops in new video
Why The GOP Should Love Duck Penises
School bans triangle shaped flapjacks from school deeming them too deadly for children after a pupil was attacked with one
Weymouth suspect's alleged to-do list: Drug run, break-in, kindness
Towson University's White Student Union to patrol campus looking for crime
RG III, elephant play catch
Cops Pay Convicted Sex Offender $100,000 Dollars To Set-Up Terror Patsy
British Teen Dies After Being Set On Fire At Birthday Party
Man stages knife attack to impress date. Backfires.
Student breaks into woman's home, surfs Facebook and pees on couch
Niles student with beef jerky punished for having look-alike drug
White House Can't Afford Its Shapeshifting Alien Reptile Guards
NRA Robocalls In Newtown Anger Residents
LGBT rights make Christians second-class citizens
Gov. Chris Christie's no nudity promise: Queen can trust Prince Harry with me
Uranus takes a pounding more frequently than thought
Fare-dodgers leave baby behind on Philadelphia subway
Learning hurts your brain
$338M NJ Powerball winner says he'll help family
Tennessee lawmakers confused and fearful after mistaking mop sink installed in men's room for a Muslim foot-washing station
TN lawmakers confuse mop sink for Muslim foot-washing sink
Obituary: "Timothy Wayne 'Tim' Hopkins, 54, went to be with our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ and Dale Earnhardt... on Saturday March 23, 2013."
Europe reels in shock as politician tells the truth
Google gets ungoogleable off Sweden's new word list
Man rolls pot cigar at red light - while cop watches
Forbes: Europe Reels In Shock As Politician Tells The Truth
Snack Food World Collapses In Upon Itself As Doritos Announces Doritos Locos Tacos Doritos
Email tax may slice spam and scams out of inboxes
Prosecutor abandons push to execute Punxsutawney Phil for botching spring forecast
AT&T issues one-word response to T-Mobile attacks at todays 'UNcarrier' initiative -- "Whatever"
Scalia Says Marriage Views Not Affected by Lifelong Fear of Gays : The New Yorker
Tennessee lawmakers upset by mop sink that could be for Muslim foot washing
Pictures of Ryan Gosling Carrying Things -- Vulture
Teen gets 30 months in jail for shooting laser pointer at airplane
Housekeeper Who Stole a Bag of Frozen Meatballs Facing As Much Jail Time As Steubenville Rapist (x-post from r/politics)
Punxsutawney Phil (a groundhog) will face death penalty for wrongfully predicting the weather
Jared Leto wears fan's human ear on a necklace
Report: 3 Killer Commando Dolphins From Ukraine On The Loose
San Diego mayor OK with some marijuana vending machines
Westboro Baptist Church shifts attention from gays to women's Menstruation
Self-harm pupil given razor at Unsted Park School
Bill Gates funds condoms: Gates pledges $100,000 for a more pleasurable condom.
High Steaks: Addicts swap meat for drugs
Tufts 'dumpster diver' looks to open cafe to serve discarded food
Gay NFL Player May Come Out
Housekeeper Who Stole a Bag of Frozen Meatballs Facing As Much Jail Time As Steubenville Rapist
Great Tits' Appearance Linked To The Health Of Chicks
My brother got shot at while on a run, hilarity ensued
This Guy Allegedly Assaulted His Roommate for Drawing Dicks on His Face, Was Booked with Penis on His Cheek
How Muslim footbaths threaten America's social fabric
The county where no one's gay
Woman Attempts To Hide Tadpoles In Her Mouth At The Airport
Fox News Promotes Conspiracy Theory They Had Already Debunked the Week Before
Coeur d'Alene, Idaho Councilman gets called 'moron,' calls 911
Tennessee Lawmakers Outraged That Mop Sink Could Be for Muslim Foot Washing
oh yeah, we can TOTALLY refund your money for your $100 pants that are see through when you bend over...you'll just have to bend over for our sales associate so we can be sure ;)
Stairlift for overweight dogs: No more walkies for pedigree bums
We got shotguns - Group plans to hand out free shotguns in high crime Tucson neighborhoods
Yahoo Buys Coolness from Teenager for $30M
Hedgehog Rap Makes A Fine Point
Argument over same-sex marriage continues at Supreme Court. Case could fundamentally alter US, or do nothing at all.
State Worker Gets $400k+ Salary For Life
Russia is stockpiling snow.
Disney grants man $8,000 after ride malfunction forces him to listen to It's a A Small World for 30 minutes
Man stages fake knife attack to impress on first date
Family values disaster in Paris as anti-gay protesters attack police, use kids as human shields
Gay Tea Party activist denounces same-sex marriage at NOM rally
Easter Bunny smashes chocolate Santa record
Jon Hamm Tired of Jokes About His 'Impressive Anatomy'
Grumpy Cat featured in Time magazine
Germany 'exporting' elderly to foreign retirement homes
Boston College threatens action in condom giveaway
Bill O'Reilly says same sex marriage foes are just a bunch of bible thumpers
Minor League Team Installs Urinal Video Games
Man wins $8K after Disney 'Small World' breakdown
CBS Seeks $700K Tax Break For Hyping The Super Bowl
Man wins $8,000 for pain and suffering after Disney 'It's a Small World' ride breaks down and song plays continuously
Jersey City man stabbed after saying hello to another man: police
Half-naked Wisconsin woman arrested in alleged steak heist
Stop Photoshopping officials into porn, authorities ask blackmailers
Buy a ticket to Miami Marlins opening day on Groupon and get a "I went to a Marlins game and didn't get traded to Toronto" T-shirt....ouch.
New prisons needed for 'unreported crimes'
Creationist offers $10,000 to anyone willing to challenge literal interpretation of Genesis in court
Dog pushes car into drive, injures man
A typical news day in Northern Ireland.
Man successfully sues Disney after being stranded on "It's a Small World" ride
Indiana, PA - Man accused of bagging buck from Walmart parking lot
Mom collects drink driving son from Canada police station and is arrested for drink driving
Scalia Furious He Has to Hear About Gay Couples All Week : The New Yorker
School sets up "controlled self harm policy" for pupil
Group Plans To Hand Out Free Shotguns in High-Crime Tucson Neighborhoods
Dog runs over pedestrian with car
Disabled man stuck on Disneyland 'Small World' ride for 30 minutes awarded $8,000
Kansas bill calls for HIV positive people to be quarantined
Montana looks at allowing people to eat roadkill
Man Denies Killing Roommate Over Messy Kitchen
Memphis man joins Jesus, Dale Earnhardt in better place
Indictment dropped against Punxsutawney Phil, groundhog speaks out about facing death penalty
Rick Perry Warns Of 'Unsettling Time In Our Nation's History,' Says Gay Rights Activists Lack 'Tolerance'
Gay Is Not the New Black
Study: Earthworms may contribute to global warming
Store that sold sheer yoga pants says Downward Dog not required for returns
Ala airport using cabinet like one that killed boy
Boston College threatens discipline against students who are distributing condoms
Man charged for shooting deer from Wal-Mart parking lot
Teacher hit pupil for mocking his moustache, panel heard
Can You Smell Obesity?
Nightmare Scenario Comes True for Disabled Man Stuck on Broken 'It's A Small World' Ride With Infamous Theme Song Blaring on a Continuous Loop
Woman Loses Teeth Due To Addiction of Tea
No proof needed for Lululemon see-through yoga pant refund
Proposed Kansas bill calls for HIV positive people to be quarantined
Mini 'Mr. T', others hold women at knifepoint, ransack home
Socrates (In The Form Of A 9-Year-Old) Shows Up In A Suburban Backyard In Washington
NASA Great Moonbuggy Race Dodges Sequestration Cut and will go on in April
Idaho teacher investigated for saying 'vagina' during biology lesson
Officer Convicted In Shooting Death Becomes Police Chief
Ballpark to debut 'urinal gaming system' in Pa.
Man's Map App Blows Up After He Accidentally Names It "Butt Crack"
Man allegedly steals 42,000 pounds of cheese from Wisconsin company
Steven Seagal and Vladimir Putin Open Martial Arts Center Together
Kathryn Wright, School Field Trip Chaperone, Allegedly Drinks Vodka, Gets Belligerent
Love is in the air - and it's a felony for man who released balloons in Dania Beach
State trooper arrests four in police barracks parking lot after following scent of marijuana
Alabama lawmaker's email: 'Slave-holding, murdering, adulterous, baby-raping, snaggle-toothed kin folk'
Russia already stockpiling snow to ensure "white" 2014 olympics
Marriage Equality Will Lead to Immigrant Polygamists
Need a Ryan Gosling fix? 24-hour helpline consoles devastated fans after he announced his 'break' from acting
Mother of Tucson killer Jared Lee Loughner took away his shotgun
Prisoners "watching too much TV"
Biden gets no love for loving the Hens
Teacher investigated for saying "Vagina" during anatomy lesson.
"Female energy, talent, strength represent humankind's most valuable untapped resource" says UN Secretary-General
Blind Tyrone man caught in cattle barn with rubber glove and broom shaft.
Cat Faces Eviction From Library
Thai politician accidentally shoots wife to death
'Cross-dressing, meth dealing Connecticut priest' will plead guilty to intent to distribute drugs
Boulder couple involved in topless-gardening fight investigated over threat to president
Too brutal for NY
Liberty University, Kirk Cameron Want To 'Create Tens Of Thousands Of Kirk Camerons' (VIDEO)
Man Who Spent 30 Minutes Trapped In 'It's A Small World' At Disneyland Awarded $8K For Pain And Suffering
Four Arrested For Smoking Pot In Police Parking Lot
High school teacher under investigation for saying "vagina" during anatomy lesson
World's Worst Tattoo (NSFW): Woman Gets Inked With Scene Depicting Bestiality With A Horse (PHOTO)
Florida Man Pees On Cop's Sandwich
Florida Man accused of using water cup to drink soda at McDonald's charged with felony
Man stuck on 'It's A Small World' Disneyland ride awarded $8,000 for 'pain and suffering,' disability law violation
Christian Right Now Outraged At Being Told Their Faith Is Meaningful to Them
Educate First Nations to be modern citizens
What Your Choice of Instagram Filter Says About Your Personality
Physicists Confirm They've Found And Wiped out The 'God Particle'
Fairfield Man Unhappy With McDonald's Meal, Screams, Hurls Meal At Pregnant Store Manager (xpost from /r/Connecticut)
Sharks Help Florida Cops Catch Stabbing Suspect
Feds Fund $880,000 to Study Benefits of Snail Sex
Outrage at local authority plans to abolish apostrophe
A man in Memphis, TN took his dog to an animal shelter after he decided the dog was 'gay'. Memphis TV stations aired the story and a woman quickly adopted the dog, naming him 'Elton'.
Smuggler caught with more than 10 percent of an entire species
Mexican vigilantes seize town, arrest police
Miami Marlins' latest ploy to sell tickets? Groupon
Former live-in caretaker denies drinking old whiskey valued at $102,000 from Pa. mansion
Mom Facing Deportation Because Her Dogs Barked
Joe Biden Made a Surprise Visit to the Delaware University Women's Basketball Locker Room Last Night
X-Pac Shares The Full Story Of His Torn Anus And Emergency Sphincteroplasty
Justin Bieber is literally killing his fans
Christian Pastor: Women Should Have No Say in How Our Country is Run
Google Made Sweden Delete the Word 'Ungoogleable' from Its Language
Dog puts car in gear and runs over pedestrian
School Supplied Blades to Allow Special Needs Pupil to Self-harm [x-post from /r/teenagers]
2 Middle School Students Try to Poison Teacher
Japanese man allegedly tried to kill a woman with poisoned shoes
Court nullifies polo mogul's adoption of girlfriend
Idaho teacher under investigation for saying 'vagina' in biology lesson
Russian exposed friend to radiation to render him immortal
Ohio seeks death penalty over groundhog's weather-prediction fail
'Rent a Mourner' fills your funeral with fake friends
Man arrested in N.J. with $200K in stolen Wisconsin cheese
School Supplied Blades to Allow Pupil to Self-Harm
School Supplied Blades to Allow Special Needs Pupil to Self- Harm
Veniamin Balika Allegedly Steals 21 Tons Of Cheese
In 1999 Croatian City of Rijeka sued the state for justice system being too slow, 14 years later the lawsuit is rejected [x-post from /r/offbeat]
In 1999 Croatian City of Rijeka sued the state for justice system being too slow, 14 years later the lawsuit is rejected
Chinese Mother Spends $6.5 Million New York Apartment for Two-Year-Old Daughter
'Love Your Butt' Ads Try To Conquer Colonoscopy Fears
Walmart Sues Groups For Protesting Its Poor Working Conditions (xpost from /r/occupywallstreet)
Walmart Sues Groups For Protesting Its Poor Working Conditions
Anti-Piracy Group Shuts Down Pirated Pirate Bay
Pupils killed in Damascus University attack
Woman fired for being homeless
Escort 'growled like an animal and tried to eat date's penis and testicles after romantic meal'
Suspect tries to escape from deputies by running to jail
TSA screener finds pepper spray on the floor, gasses five other screeners because he thought it was a laser-pointer
Tara Reid Is Working Again
Man Arrested For Assaulting Roommate After Male Genitalia Was Drawn On His Face
Embattled DOE-Grant Recipient Changes Name from A123 to B456
Selling yourself: Publicly traded Portland man lets shareholders run his life
Saying 'Vagina' During Biology Class Leads to Investigation of Idaho Science Teacher
Shocking Study Finds Hackers Are 'Antisocial Man-Children Who Live In Their Parents' Basements'
Roswell Toddler found wandering street with beer in hand.
I'm Gay and I Oppose Same-Sex Marriage
Pennsylvania man injured by dog-driven car
Cops: Mom Arrested After Slapping Wrong Child
Female science blogger stuns fans
Feds Award Million-Dollar Grant to Study Sex Habits of Mud Snails
Gucci Mane Might Be in Jail, but He Did Not Kick Waka Flocka Out of Brick Squad for Having Sex with Selena Gomez
WALL-E's 'fattist' satire angers fat pride groups
Jealous man who thought pregnant girlfriend was cheating on him with the doctor providing routine pre natal care successfully defends himself against assault charges.
Mysterious African Fairies Might Be Termites
Chick-fil-A Franchise Owner Gives Free Entrées to Gay Marriage Supporters
The Secret Republican Plan to Repeal 'Obamacare'
Plainfield man charged in $200,000 cheese heist
What's the Point of Being a Polo Tycoon If You Can't Adopt Your Girlfriend?
Daily Kos: Walmart wants to take exploitation to the next level and have customers deliver orders
Man Accused Of Using Fake Penis For Drug Test
North Korea 'Photoshopped' marine landings photograph
Rhode Island city drops fine for allegedly foul-mouthed cockatoo
New Bacon Condoms and Mouthwash for Meat Lovers
Get Porked: New Bacon Condoms and Mouthwash a Fantasy for Meat Lovers
"Devil's Advocate" convicted in London of being fake lawyer
One-armed man charged with unarmed robbery.
Chinese officials sick of being Photoshopped into porn (xpost /r/China)
Failed 'green' battery manufacturer A123 changes name to B456
Update: Police ID suspect who ran to jail
Man Charged With Attempting to Sell 42,000 Pounds of Stolen Muenster Cheese at New Jersey Rest Stop
Sesame Workshop: Bert And Ernie Just Friends, Have No Sexual Orientation
Man steals chainsaw by stuffing it in shorts
Giant pumpkin to be freed from prison
Report: Carson Palmer would rather play for less elsewhere than take paycut with Raiders
Texas Republican Dan Patrick Wants to End Rock 'n' Roll History With the No Grateful Dead/No Day of the Dead Bill
Amid increased rhetoric from North Korea, combat ship USS Freedom debuts in Pacific
Killing lions to protect them? Does it make sense?
Pope washes feet of young Muslim woman prisoner in unprecedented twist on Maundy Thursday
Teacher Gave Student Razors As Part Of 'Supervised Self-Harm' Policy
Coming Soon: Doritos Locos Tacos CHIPS
Company releases new bacon-flavored condoms
Swedish MP turns herself in for child porn possession to prove a point
David Phelps, son of Westboro Baptist Church leader attacked by naked 35-stone man
Man steals hubcaps, gets shot by F.B.I.
The Great Canadian Maple Syrup Heist
B-2 bombers not intended to provoke North Korea, says Hagel
Amsterdam to fly rainbow flag for Russian President Putin's visit to the capital
Idaho Teacher Under Investigation For Saying 'Vagina' During Biology Lesson
Man Sues Wife, And Wins; Claims 'ugly' Baby Born Horrifies Him
A123 Systems renamed B456 Systems following bankruptcy purchase.
Alleged son of Westboro Baptist Church leader attacked in publicity stunt by naked 500lb man who burst out of bathroom, sat on him and shouted: 'Who's your daddy?'
A Pennsylvania Stadium Aims to Please Fans by Adding Video Games Above The Urinals
Kansas Bill Seeks To Quarantine HIV-Positive People
Lil Wayne Is Pretty Chill About Almost Dying and TMZ Almost Killing Him
UGA named No. 1 intense college
Utah man charged with setting wife's pants on fire
A123 Changes Name to B456 After Sale
Mad Men star Jon Hamm's crotch spurs pants war
30% of armed robberies committed with toy guns - Inside Costa Rica
Cops Ineptly Pretending to Be Punk Rockers on the Internet.
Man steals vacuum, makes clean getaway
Boston Punk Zombies Are Watching You!
Obama signs 'Monsanto Protection Act' written by Monsanto-sponsored senator
Disgraced former mail carrier accused of burying mail at Washington home
Man found with $200K in stolen cheese, police say
Planned Parenthood Endorses Post-Birth Abortion.
Nadine Hairston-Millington, 8, who sang Taylor Swift hits to stop crying after being shot by ARROW back at school
Kuhner: 'Homosexual Lobby' Pushes 'Fascism,' 'Moral Anarchy' and 'A Culture of Death'
Disneyland pay-out: Man granted $8,000 after ride malfunction forces him to listen to It's a Small World for 30 minutes
Pennsylvania stadium aims to please fans with urinal video games
Jared Leto receives a fans ear in the mail.
Alaska politician refers to Hispanic workers as "wetbacks," said he didn't realize it had become a slur; he'd used it since he was a child in California
Source: Justin Bieber seeking help, desperate not to turn into troubled teen star
Alan Simpson (R-Wyo.): 'Men Legislators Shouldn't Even Vote On' Abortion
Snake blamed for burning down home
Video: Planned Parenthood Official Argues for Right to Post-Birth Abortion
Rogue Dentist May Have Exposed 7,000 Patients to HIV, Hepatitis
Tiger Woods & Nike Launch New Hubris Campaign: 'Winning Takes Care of Everything'
TSA Screener Mistakes Pepper-Spray for a Laser Pointer. Sent All Six Airport Screeners to Hospital.
Arkansas Legalized Teacher-Student Sex
Illinois Man Charged In 21-Ton Cheese Heist.
Man set wife's clothes on fire because she was snoring, police say
TSA agent mistakes Pepper Spray for Laser Pointer, accidentally sprays fellow agents
Exhibit of Jews in Germany raises interest, ire
Ohio landlord accused of whipping tenants over late rent
Obese woman who went on TV to complain that she was too fat to get a job caught stealing cakes just hours after This Morning appearance
U.S. Navy Funding Development Of Giant Jellyfish Robot.
GOP Congressman Meant No Disrespect By Racial Slur He's Hurled Since Childhood
Judge rejects divorce for transgender pregnant man
Mitt Romney thinks his grandkids' names are ridiculous
Swedish Sex Toy Company Releases IKEA-style DIY GӒSM Vibrator (complete with allen wrench!)
A123 Systems, makers of the batteries in the Fisker Karma, changes their name to B456.
After sale to Chinese firm, bankrupt battery maker A123 gets a new name: B456
Climate change will give more people diarrhea
Sydney Levin Arrested for Using Prosthetic Penis to Pass Drug Test
Breakaway Ministries Sets Texas A&M on Fire for God
Hello Kitty and KISS to team up for new animated series
Pot Dealer in UK Gets Sentenced to Write 10-Page Essay
Surrey man who doused himself in milk shot in leg
Group plans free shotgun give-away to boost safety in Tucson
California's High-Speed Rail Authority sues everybody, invites you to argue case in court
Just saw this on Facebook. Pilot falls out of plane in training flight
North Korean photo of Kim Jong Un accidentally reveals plan to attack U.S. mainland
Police: Pregnant woman hit with car by also-pregnant rival
Prostitute who 'died' having sex in hotel climbs from coffin screaming at police
North Korea threatens to bomb Austin, Texas among other targets.
Hello Kitty and Kiss to have a crossover animated series.
The caption under the first picture. Someone tell me this is wrong. This is too hilarious.
Justin Bieber Castration Plot: Incarcerated Murderer Says He's Still Out To Get Teen Singer
Golfer Jason Dufner Appears To Be Having A Lot Of Fun Visiting These Kids In Dallas
Ivy League Tiger Mother writes open letter urging all Princeton women to marry their male peers like her own SONS 'to avoid settling for dumber men from less prestigious schools'
Easter bunny hunter shoots himself
Thief steals electonics from charity organization and brings them back with the note "Dumb move, sorry"
Doctors say looking at busty women for 10 minutes a day is good for your health - Daily Record
Einbruch und Sachbeschädigungen in karitativer Einrichtung - Täter zeigt Reue
Fusion center director: We don't spy on Americans, just anti-government Americans
Good Friday: Pope scores Easter hat-trick
Chinese Billboards Warn Locals 'Not To Photoshop Officials Into Porn'
Milwaukee Brewers to potty-toting tailgaters: No BYOP this year
JUSTIN BIEBER'S MONKEY QUARANTINED IN GERMANY
North-African branch of al Qaeda has opened an official Twitter account
We're pining for our old Twinings: Furious Earl Grey drinkers dismiss new recipe as 'an affront to tea'
Labour peer Lord Ahmed apologises to Jewish community
Biggest Threat to U.S. National Security: Wars
Police: NH Woman Called 911 To Get Help Ordering Chinese Food
Cocaine found hidden in chocolate Kinder egg
Strong smell of marijuana reported inside Colorado Capitol Wednesday morning 2/13
Declaration of war in the Korean peninsula due to translation errors.
Port Orchard man charged for allegedly forcing father to church
Punxsutawney Phil Indicted: Mike Gmoser, Ohio Prosecutor, Drops Fraud Charges Against Groundhog
Man seeks to divorce wife for refusing to make love to a snake
'Batman' Charged With Obstructing Michigan Police
Justin Biber's Monkey Detained By German Officials
'Public school mom' and education reformer Michelle Rhee accused of sending eldest daughter to $22,000 elite private school
2013 March to Madness Insane 16: #3 Bobby Jindal vs. #10 Pat Robertson
Justin Bieber's pet monkey detained and quarantined in Germany earlier this week
Missouri man accused of using fake penis to pass drug test
Let their son die without taking him to the hospital, instead choosing to pray him back to health.
Justin Bieber's Monkey Quarantined
US Church: North Korean aggression caused by God because of 'gay marriage and gay scouts'
Drunk Man Takes Home 10-Foot Stolen Python
Geraldo Rivera wonders if "lesbian cabal" is running the Department of Homeland Security
Leader of Green Party of Canada: I Stand Behind My Tweet Comparing Canada To North Korea
Teacher investigated for saying 'vagina' during sex ed class
Justin Bieber's pet monkey confiscated by German customs
UK Teen Eats Chicken Nuggets for 15 Years, Nothing Else
Naked Man Arrested At Library With Stolen Cheese
Bacon Flavored Condom Could Make Porking More Fun and Safe
Lone Man Strips in Protest at Long Moscow Winter
Palestinian jailed for Facebook like
Look! Quick! It's not raining ANYWHERE in Ireland right now
McDonald's food is totally healthy, according to McDonald's director of nutrition
Chinese state-run newspaper accuses Apple of lacking openness
WikiLeaks film script leaked, Julian Assange obtains the copy Read more at: http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/wikileaks-film-script-leaked-julian-assange-obtains-the-copy/1/247724.html
Grandfather convicted of driving 95mph with six unrestrained kids while high on heroin
Pot consultant says Washington's revenue forecasts are too high
Man urinates his way out of avalanche
Placenta found by London dog walker
New Haven police officer barks like dog, tricks suspects into surrendering
Norfolk police officer 'sues garage burglary victim'
Justin Bieber's Monkey Confiscated
Former Bin Laden compound to become Theme Park
Cold weather kills 300 acrobatic insects at German flea circus
Utah city changes street name because it reminds them of a boner
Town under siege: 6,000 camels to be shot
Cops bark like dogs, trick burglary suspects into surrendering
Entire troupe of 300 circus fleas killed by freezing weather in German
Tennessee Lawmakers Relieved to Find That Suspected Muslim Foot Bath Is a Mop Sink
Justin Beiber's Monkey Quarantined in Germany
Policewoman Sues Man Who Called 999
Utah Earth Day poster contest dares ask, "Where would you be without fossil fuels?"
Scientists find the 'missing heat' of global warming 700 meters below the sea
Twitter users angry because they think Google is honoring Hugo Chavez instead of the resurrection of Jesus Christ
Gay Basher Caught AIDS Through Fight
Online couple cheated with each other
'Human placenta' found in ice cream tub in south London (X-Posted to WTF)
Human placenta found in an ice cream tub in London
Freddie Mercury dressed Princess Diana in drag to sneak her into a gay bar
World's top supercomputer from '09 is now obsolete, will be dismantled
'World peace' hitcher is murdered.
Blind, Deaf, Bald man struck by lightning. All 3 conditions cured. [xpost /r/TIL]
Easter Bunny On Motorcycle Stopped On Southland Freeway For Failing To Wear A Helmet
Gay basher caught AIDS through fights [x-post r/justiceporn]
Man arrested for violent haricut
Minnesota Twins linked to weather conspiracy
Heinz's Musical Fruit Now Includes Musical Spoon
Forrest Fenn, Multimillionaire, Buries Treasure Worth Millions In Order To Encourage People To Go Outdoors
'Meow meow' drug teen ripped his scrotum off
German Wildlife Expert: The Easter Bunny is Freezing to Death
Conservatives freak out after Google honors Cesar Chavez on Easter
Chainsaw man caught stealing tusk from Louis XIV elephant in Paris
British Couple are Jailed in Dubai for Kissing in Public
Animal lovers angered by man who tattooed dog
Michael Beasley's Crazy Candy Addiction
Sea 'too loud' among complaints from cruise ship passengers
Former Celebrity Becomes Crazy Christian
Unaware He Was a Christian Activist, the Right Freaks Over Chavez Easter Google Doodle
Man Charged For Hunting In A Walmart parking lot.
Courses in Harry Potter and "ethical hacking" offered by universities
A lot of game titles dealing with my mind to choose only one
Justin Bieber's monkey seized in Germany
The real-life 'Popeye' who has the world's biggest biceps... but is allergic to spinach
Fantasy Baseball Teams Make Millions While [Mike] Trout Earns $510,000
Biology teacher investigated for using the word "vagina" to teach class about sexual reproduction.
Georgia Republican Party chair: Straight people will enter gay marriages to get 'a free ride'
Redbox now selling ham sandwiches
Obama Proclaims April the Month to Teach Young People 'How to Budget Responsibly'
Sue Everhart, Georgia GOP Chairwoman, Warns Of 'Free Ride' Gay Marriage Fraud
Are Floating Pigs Behind China's Avian Flu?
Lego to shelve anti-Islamic Jabba the Hut's Palace
Not sure if April Fool's joke or real - Cat Video Festival returns to United States
Studies say drop bears prefer tourists
Melt may explain Antarctica's sea ice expansion
Iowa coach accused of corporal punishment for forcing player to run after speaking out of turn
Ted Nugent and Radiohead work on pro-hunting musical
Lego forced to withdraw Star Wars toy set regarded as 'offensive' to Muslims
Lego set of Jabba's Palace considered to be anti-Islamic (cost from r/rage)
NYPD Officer Told Innocent 13-Year-Old To 'Stop Crying Like A Little Girl' During Stop And Frisk
School gave student self-harm blades
Funeral procession swings by Burger King to honor deceased
YouTube's Ready to Select a Winner!
Florida father kills family dog to retrieve son's bitten-off finger
Pope Francis will now work at McDonalds.
Appeals court upholds legality of Aereo's "tiny antennas" scheme
Kim Jong Un is not crazy
Man sues bakery over hot cross Buns
Sears customers set off alarm trying to break out of store
West Hollywood Bans Flannel [x-post from /r/losangeles]
Mothers brawl during Seattle zoo Easter egg hunt
Ted Cruz: Obamacare Forces States To Release Violent Criminals Onto The Streets
The first mattress with built-in safe
Saudi religious police lift ban on women on bikes
Princeton mom: Women have a 'shelf life'
Robertson: God gives less miracles to 'too-educated Americans' who learn science
Georgia town passes law requiring residents to own guns
Lego set of Jabba's Palace considered to be anti-Islamic [from r/rage]
1 Car, 2 Drivers: 4 D-D (DUI) Charges.
Man shoots tree, tree fires back
Barack Obama Not Good at Basketball Today
Maori Party seeks shares in 4G network
Nacho cheese fight breaks out at Auntie Anne's after customer given wrong pretzel dip
Samoa Air policy calculates passenger's fare based on weight
Iran Build's Pyongyang's First Mosque
Iran Builds Pyongyang's First Mosque
Child protester yells for homosexuals to die outside of pro-LGBT church on Easter
Gay slurs take AIDS fighter by surprise
Sea Lion Bobs Head to Backstreet Boys in Groundbreaking Study
Cross dressing Catholic priest and adult store owner to plead guilty to meth dealing ring | Irish News
German customs confiscate Bieber's pet monkey.
Steve Jobs has already created the iPhone 6 and iPhone 7.
Muslims declare victory in fight over 'anti-Islamic' Lego
Congress Deserves a Pay Raise: Members of Congress are overworked and underpaid, and we are all suffering as a result. [x-post r/politics]
GOP official: Straight people will commit gay marriage fraud.
The Taxpayers Alliance, a UK campaign group claiming to represent the interests of taxpayers, admits one of its directors doesn't pay UK taxes.
Congress Deserves a Pay Raise: Members of Congress are overworked and underpaid, and we are all suffering as a result.
Georgia city passes measure requiring gun ownership
Saudi Arabia eases ban on women riding bikes
Brazilian Pastor Convinces Followers His Penis Contained "Holy Milk"
Cops Shoot 16 Times Unarmed Man In His Bed, Then Call It Justified
Court: "Driving Carefully," "Probably an Indian" Not Probable Cause for Stop
Trooper fired for offering Florida lawmaker break on speeding ticket
U.S. city makes it illegal not to own a gun
Tennessee To Stop Feeding Its Dumb Kids
Pluto's Gate Discovered: The Plutonium 'Gate To Hell' Found In Ancient City Of Hierapolis (x-post from r/worldnews)
Amsterdam fined, taxed Holocaust survivors in hiding
Guns Are Now Required For Citizens Of Nelson, Georgia
Butt-baring woman attacks boyfriend and teen with papayas over 'birthday sex.'
Easter egg hunt at Seattle zoo turns violent.
BlackBerry 10 tells your friends when you're watching porn (x-post from /r/technology)
Justin Bieber given 4 weeks to pick up pet monkey
Louie Gohmert Opposes Gun Control Because Gay Marriage Leads to Bestiality
Goats key to balanced budget?
What is Infertility | causes of infertility in men and women |Free 24 Health Tips For You
12 Million Americans Believe Lizard People Run Our Country
IRL Opposes Adding QR Code to Estonia's Flag
Limbaugh freaks out: 'Vladimir Putin is saying things I agree with' on LGBT rights
Mogadishu's 'first tourist' puzzles immigration officials
Lego pulls toy following accusations of being anti-Islamic. It's time to end racism in the nursery - Telegraph Blogs (x-post /r/worldnews)
Appeals court rules man cannot adopt his girlfriend
TV doctor kills self after French 'Survivor' death
Saudi Arabia Will Let Women Ride Bicycles - But Only For Fun
Former Vogue Editor Kirstie Clements: Models Eat Kleenex to Stay Slim
Dress witches in pink and avoid white paper to prevent racism in nuseries, expert says
Saudi Arabia will now let women ride bicycles, but only for fun, not for transportation.
Man attempts to steal free cakes at event in Pittsburgh
Insurance company mails flood affected man an umbrella to cover damage.
From Pets To Plates: Why More People are Eating Guinea Pigs
Student Writes YOLO On A Test, Tweets It, Gets Suspended
Porn store priest Kevin Wallin admits meth charge
'Fox & Friends' guest claims she smelled God during near-death experience
NYPD Sued for Pepper-Spraying 5-Month-Old Baby
Florida DJ's May Face Felony for April Fool's Joke Worse Than Rubio's
Proposal Would Allow State Religion in NC
New York: Judge Rules Careful Driving Is Not A Crime
April Fools joke leads to stabbing
13% of Americans believe Obama is the antichrist
Rep. Louie Gohmert: We can't restrict high-capacity magazines because gay marriage leads to bestiality
Hockey fan hurls moose leg onto ice
One in four Americans think Obama may be the antichrist, survey says.
New Lancaster County Jail offers overnight stays; $30 donation suggested
New York: Judge Rules Careful Driving Is Not A Crime: '... driving with two hands on the wheel, without passing other vehicles, does not create a suspicion of criminal activity.'
This Guy Is Obsessed With Becoming A Mermaid
Florida DJs May Face Felony for April Fools' Water Joke Worse Than Rubio's
Meth-Dealing Catholic Priest Who Owned Porn Shop Plans to Confess Guilt
Samoa airline introduces pay-by-weight pricing
Woman claims she smelled God during near-death experience
Hello Kitty Teams Up With KISS For Children's TV Series
Come and get it: how sperm became one of America's hottest exports
David Cameron saves stricken SHEEP in daring rescue
Scientists reportedly discover gate to hell
Naked Eritrean goes on violent rampage inside classified Israeli Army base
Poll: 13 percent of American voters think President Obama is the Antichrist
Samoa Air boss defends charging passengers by weight
Gardaí (Irish Police) seek info on robbery, but they can't reveal any details about it.
Experiments prove violent shaking fatal for babies
Paramount Refunds Fan's Ticket Over Missing Jack Reacher Explosion
Man charged with stealing free cakes from 'Cake Boss' event in Market Square
Samoan airline says pay by weight plan fairest way to fly.
Florida DJs May Face Felony for April Fools' Water Joke - xpost from /wtf
Norway schools reschedule exams to accommodate Justin Bieber concert (xpost from r/NewsOfTheStupid)
Book News: American Library Association, Barnes & Noble Called 'Facilitators Of Porn'
Welsh Man Wrestles Shark To Protect Children On The Beach
Radio DJs suspended, facing possible felony charges, for telling Floridians "dihydrogen monoxide" was coming out of their household water taps.
University tribute to women shows men only
Man stages fake rape rescue to impress a girl
Mike Nichols Warns 'Death' May Be His Final Curtain
North Carolina May Declare Official State Religion Under New Bill
Half-Naked Lone Picketer Demands Summer
North Carolina GOPers want an official state religion
McDonald's want ad demands bachelor's degree, two-years experience for cashier
Pastor Jesse Lee Peterson Claims Obama Racist Against Whites, Mother 'Hated Being White'
First Amendment doesn't apply here: N.C. lawmakers push bill for state religion
It's The Super Heroes Fault! Cops Point At Costumed Clowns When Their Policing Ability Is Questioned
Colombian city plans to use marijuana to fight drug addiction
Mark Cuban would give Griner chance with Mavs
5 Norwegian schools shift exams for Bieber concert
Competitors complain kosher meat market sold meat too cheaply
Bihar woman burns her 'rapist' to death (x-post from r/worldnews)
Tennessee girl suspended from school 24 times for 'foul odor'
The fiendish plt to murder Joss Stone "They set off ..with a samurai sword, knives, bags and gloves crammed in their Fiat Punto"
Liberal College Claims Anyone Pro-Life Is A White Supremacist, Bans Christian Club
Councilwoman wonders what health dept. is doing about disease that turns women's genitals blue, then abruptly leaves meeting when she realizes her refrigerator is running
Lawyer Asks Judge to Seal Photo of His Penis from the Public Record
Snooki Gives Kim Kardashian Advice For Giving Birth In Style
Doctor who claimed to have made Silvio Berlusconi 'technically immortal' dies
Virginia GOP gubernatorial candidate files petition to outlaw oral sex
'Illegal immigrant' no more
Woman quits her 9 to 5 job to be a mermaid.
Mick Philpott was 'a very good father' despite killing six children, judge is told
Pig found in Southeast Austin turns out to be a dog
Massive Swirl Of Ocean Debris To Be Designated New State By UN
Worst criminals ever found guilty of conspiring to murder singer Joss Stone
Sponsor of gun control laws doesn't know how guns work.
Rep. Louie Gohmert Opposes Gun Control Because Gay Marriage Leads to Polygamy, Sex with Animals
Egypt Issues Arrest Warrant For Jon Stewart
Ethiopian girl reportedly guarded by lions
Buick Recalls Encore Because An Insignificant Part Called The 'Steering Wheel' Might Fall Off
Extra weight an unexpected benefit in traffic accidents
Schools in Norway move midterms so students can attend Justin Bieber concert
Mayor Rob Ford makes vomiting sound in reaction to Metrolinx revenue proposals
PETA's secret slaughter of kittens, puppies
Gun bill sponsor apparently doesn't understand how guns work
Woman sat on boyfriend's toilet for 2 years.
Cat who goes to high school to be honored with art show
Tennessee Senator Quotes Abraham Lincoln In His Support of Cockfighting
A Glazed Donut-Bacon-Egg Sandwich Isn't as Bad for You as You Might Think
Bihar woman burns her 'rapist' to death
New Hampshire school district bans dodgeball because of Sandy Hook
Georgia high school students organize first integrated prom
Law grad sues law school for there not being enough lawyer jobs
Snoop Lion takes on gun control
Jon Stewart sparks Twitter fight between U.S. Embassy and Egyptian president's office
Nicki Minaj: Lil Wayne 'refused to touch me'
Unwanted Guests: Far-Right NPD to Hold Convention in Parking Lot
Florida Son Rubs Dog Poop in Mom's Face After She Denies Him a Shot of Vodka - Miami - News
Whoops! Target Inadvertently Offers 'Manatee' Dresses For Plus-Size Women
Fort Knox on lockdown after shooting
Shocking! Indian Engineers Introduce Electric 'Anti-Rape' Underwear
VA Republican Attorney General: Oral And Anal Sex Should Be 'Crimes Against Nature' In Virginia
Man kills his friend by shoving his foot up his ass.
U.S. Embassy Tweets Jon Stewart's Egypt Monologue; Diplomatic Incident Ensues
N.S. billboard celebrates women by featuring men
April Fools Gone Wrong
Naked man risks croc death for booze
Georgia high schoolers push for integrated prom
Macon-Area Students Fight Segregated Prom
Lululemon's Product Chief to Exit as It Addresses Transparent Yoga Pants Problem
Man Dies After His Friend Literally Shoves His Foot up His Ass
Bicyclist survives Molotov cocktail on Minneapolis' Midtown Greenway
Eric Ducharme: The Real-Life Merman
15 year old girl leaves anti-gun politicians speechless
Lead Sponsor of High Capacity Ban Was Unaware Magazines Could be Reloaded
How Do You Solve A Problem Like Korea?
Norwegian schools reschedule exams so students with 'intense' interest in Justin Bieber can attend his concerts
Bristol man banned for driving "under influence of drum and bass"
The Flaming Lips announces a new collaborative album with... Ke$ha?
Blind woman has her guide dog killed and buried alongside her as part of her dying wish
Banned for drinking under the influence of...
Fast & Straightforward Payday Loan Which Undoubtedly Befitting For You
Georgia school to hold first racially integrated prom dance.
Tot, 3, ate mother's LSD sugar
Student couldn't wait for her own funeral
Virginia Gov. Candidate Cuccinelli Defending Law That Forbids Oral Sex
The New House Republican Web Strategy: Copy BuzzFeed
Teen arrested for threatening to stab her brother over a bag of Cheetos.
Paris Is Now Using Tiny Black Sheep to Mow Its Grass, Adorably
Norway reschedules midterms due to Justin Bieber concert
Mermaid Suit is Weirdest Beach Fad of the Summer
Norway schools cave to Justin Bieber tour and reschedule midterms
Michelle Obama's bangs are new shock to the system!
Obama's Brain Control Map
Special Report: How the Fed Fueled an Explosion in Subprime Auto Loans
Poet Maya Angelou: 'I do like to have guns around'
Autobiography of Kim Jong-il to be written by someone who never met Dear Leader
Leader of Southern Baptist Convention links North Korean threats to gay marriage, Boy Scouts
PAC launches to support bearded candidates
Armstrong will race again, but it'll be as a swimmer, not as a cyclist
Billionaire testifies he lost his taste for fine wine auctions after getting ripped off too many times
'Men in Kilts' window washing company has 'no peeking' rule
McDonald's franchise in Massachusetts requires bachelor's degrees
Payday Loans Produced Straightforward
Drunk Jealous Russian Kills Friend by Sticking Whole Foot Up His Ass
Target 'Manatee Gray' Color On Plus-Size Dress Has Customers Irked
Steve Buscemi to direct Vampire Weekend live stream
PAC Formed to Support Bearded Candidates
Target labels plus-size dress as 'Manatee Gray'
Goat goes to court and wins
McDonald's help-wanted ad: Cashier position available; college degree required
McDonald's wants cashiers to have bachelors degree
Quebec woman faces charges after posting anti-police graffiti to Instagram
'Syrians' Lives Are Worthless,' Obama Tells Daughters Before Kissing Them Goodnight
Mayor Of Reykjavik Coming To Serbia To Compete In Testicle Cooking Championships. "We know Icelanders have the Best Party, but do they have the best balls?"
Harvard Women Freed From Urinal 50 Years Later
Goat wins court battle to eat flowers, grass in Sydney
University Billboard Celebrating 'Remarkable Women' Features Three Grinning Guys
FDA Warns That 'Ninja Mojo' And 'Love Rider' Contain Hidden Drugs
Arkansas man reportedly admits to fake knife attack so he could impress woman.
Off-duty officer suspended after gun discharges in strip club
Thieves target grease from Schwartz's sandwiches
NOAA issues statement denying existence of mermaids
Anti-LGBT researcher: 20% of gay men reported having had sex with an animal
Brain control through optics
Lots of People Have Decided to Follow Roger Ebert on Twitter Now That He's Dead
Movie Studios Want Google to Take Down Their Own Takedown Request
Vegan Who Brings His Own Pasta To Restaurants Flips Out Over Not Getting A Discount
New 'Beard PAC' to raise unlimited funds to support bearded candidates
Doritos to roll out 'Taco Bell' flavor chips
Georgia high school to host first integrated prom
Justin Bieber given month to collect pet monkey
Brazilian woman laced vagina with poison to kill husband
Japanese rock song so offensive it took North Korea's focus off U.S.
Courtney Stodden Poses Nude With Corpse
Xbox players better in bed than Playstation and Wii rivals, study finds
Licensed gun owner says he killed 1-year-old Chihuahua for threatening him
US Military Considered Food Drops To Lure North Koreans Away From Nuclear Sites
The Taliban Are Inadvertently Really Good at Endangered Falcon Conservation
'I hope nobody's hitting that': Chris Brown admits he's worried Rihanna will cheat on him while on tour
Despite Mishaps, NRA Instructor Blasts Bills
TEDTalk: A skateboard, with a boost
70 acres of porn too much for city
McDonald's Franchise Ad Asks Cashiers To Have A Bachelor's Degree And 2 Years Of Experience
'All I have left of the man I loved is a foot, a finger and the back of his skull', says widow whose husband was eaten by cannibals.
Tampa Bay Rays mascot holds inappropriate Steve Irwin sign
DJs in Hot Water over Dihydrogen Monoxide Prank
I Tattooed Porn Websites On My Face So My Kids Wouldn't Starve
Manchester United hires sound expert after fans complain about quiet stadium atmosphere
Maine inmates caught smoking banana, orange peels in search of fruity high
Teen caught with drugs and money after being pulled over for 'double texting' and driving with his knees with a toddler in the car
Watch: Chris Hayes Defends Study of Duck Penises Against Right-Wing Onslaught
Google's anti piracy takedown requests hit by takedown request
Huge Student Win in the Fight for 'Real Food' on Campus
Target apologizes for label on plus-size dress
School forces 25 hungry students to throw away lunches when they couldn't pay
Fifth Graders Charged With Murder Conspiracy Are 'Danger to Others'
Doctors say looking at busty women for 10 minutes a day is good for your health
VIDEO: Italian scientist says vaccines are causing gayness
Cleaning lady steals train and crashes into apartment building in Sweden
Kim Jong-un Moves Transformers Collection to Border
Redskins brag about having the best 3rd string QB in the NFL
'First time ever:' Seattle police give marijuana back to suspected dealers
Werner Freund, German Wolfman, Feeds Wolves From His Mouth As Pack's 'Alpha Male' (VIDEO) (PHOTOS)
Chinese Honor Ancestors with Fake Iphones
'Finding Dory': Will It Create an Ecological Disaster?
Male narcissists causing car crashes by checking themselves out: study
D.C. Homeowner Turns House Into A Gigantic Middle Finger Pointed Straight At The Government
Macomb goes to court over definition of 'majority'
George Osborne, UK Chancellor of the Exchequer who cut benefits for the disabled this week, caught parking in a handicapped spot
Jewish Infant Gets Herpes From Controversial Orthodox Circumcision Rite - man chews off the tip of a newborn baby's penis.
Target apologies after offering 'Manatee' dresses for plus-sized women.
Target Apologizes After Offering 'Manatee' Dresses For Plus-Size Women
Target apologizes to fat women for having 'Manatee gray' plus-size dress
Bill to Legalize Marijuana Introduced in Alabama
Odd invitation from Nebraska jail: Spend the night for $30
Why is a Georgia high school allowed to have segregated proms?
Poor Little Rich Girl
Personal Loan Online-- Only For You
Middle School Students Short on Lunch Money Ordered to Throw Food in the Trash
Hotel seeks "professional sleeper"
Exxon Receives Safety Medal From National Safety Council Days After Arkansas Oil Spill
Craft Beer-Crazy Oregon Poised To Name Official State Microbe
Chinese 'must swap chopsticks for knife and fork'
Limbaugh rewards child climate skeptic with an iPad
Crime's on the run, more cops on the way
Rush Limbaugh Touts 13-Year-Old Who 'Proved' Global Warming Is A Hoax
Female hiker found dead, male hiker OK
Florida woman finds religious symbol on Goldfish cracker
Passengers Claim United Flight Was Diverted After They Complained About In-Flight Movie
Film studios request removal of takedown notices
English Town Upset When "Japanese Cartoon" Usurps Hashtag "Hostile" twitter takeover yesterday when fans of a "Japanese cartoon" stole the #rdg hashtag
Boston Dynamics' Petman robot successfully wears clothes
Jeremy Irons Worries Gay Marriage Will Encourage Incest
Obama apologizes for calling Attorney General Kamala Harris good-looking
Woman who accused ex-football player of rape unlikely to face charges
For some reason, Rutgers keeps offering scholarships to 14-year-old QBs
Florida woman finds 'sign from God' on Goldfish cracker
Senator says NASA to capture asteroid, park near moon
Phoenix says it is more important to hire minority lifeguards than lifeguards who can swim
Santa's Reindeer Donner Found Dead
Bears In Russia Are Addicted To Jet Fuel, Sniff It To Get High And Pass Out
The New House Republican Web Strategy: Just Add BuzzFeed
Movie Studios Get Circular, Ask Google to Take Down Their Own DMCA Takedown Requests
Target apologizes for selling 'manatee gray' plus-size dress
Heidi Klum Suffers Nip Slip While Rescuing Son And Nanny From Drowning In Hawaii
Georgia Teens Fight for Racially Integrated Prom Because It's 2013, for Chrissakes
Balls admits being caught in speed trap
Creationist theme park to feature Noah's ark and missionary lizards, AKA "dinosaurs."
Ikea pulls elk lasagne found to contain pork.
Ikea halts moose lasagne sales after pork traces found
Letter alleges captain diverted plane because family complained about in-flight film
Facebook Home could change our brains
Wilcox County, Ga. High School Students Set Up First Integrated Prom
Russian army will attack enemy with portable churches and airborne priests
Mom barges into school office and slaps wrong child
No wainting swimming pools
New York police sued for pepper-spraying 5-month-old baby
Obama erects national defense against North Korean nukes with network of 'Nuke Free Zone' signs
Flight diverted after family raises concerns over PG-13 inflight movie
Obama Budget to Include Cuts to Programs in Hopes of Deal
Man Reportedly Strikes Kitten With Tree Limb, Says It Was Antagonizing His Pit Bull
Pork found in Ikea's moose lasagna
Teen Girl With No Vagina Pregnant by Sperm Survival From Oral Sex
TSA agent spills grandfathers ashes, then proceeds to laugh at grandson
Give dogs medical marijuana: Vet
Councilman busted in bribery probe was flogged by leaders of his heathen religion
Brain-damaged amputee fit for work, says Atos
Lawyer sues bishop and four priests claiming they failed to properly exorcise flatulent demons in his house
Virginia Builds $1 Million "Super" Bus Stop
Dogs Wearing Pantyhose: Five Reasons You Shouldn't Put Pantyhose on Your Dog
Ancient circumcision ritual infects 2 Brooklyn babies with herpes.
Maduro (Venezuela's interim president) claims Chavez appeared to him as a little bird. They sang to each other.
Target apologises for 'Manatee Gray' plus-sized dress
John Steinbeck's character Lennie Small in Of Mice and Men is used as a standard for legal mental retardation for executing a prisoner in Texas.
Martyl Langsdorf, designer of Doomsday Clock, dies at 96
United Flight Diverted Over In-Flight Movie Complaint
Drop bears prefer travellers, says study
Parents Put 16 Year Old Daughter Up For Adoption After Learning She Is Gay
Man Opens UFO Welcome Center
Michelle Obama calls herself a "busy single mother"
United plane diverted when parents complain about inappropriate in-flight movie
Ikea Recalls Moose Lasagna After Traces Of Pork Found
Semen is "good for your health and helps fight depression."
Montreal cops behead Anarchopanda
Two more babies stricken with HERPES after ritual oral blood sucking circumcision in New York City
Shy balls cause televised Lotto cock-up
Louisiana smells 'burning tires and oil' as Exxon refinery spills unknown amount of chemicals
Georgia town passes law requiring citizens to own guns and ammo
Paws in pantyhose: Disturbing new craze for dressing dogs in STOCKINGS sweeps the Internet
Man uses balloons to fly from Mandela jail to Cape Town
Why Are There So Few Resurrected Corpses in the United States?: Pat Robertson thinks it's because of the Ivy League
Police say robber tried, failed to rob two banks three blocks apart. WaPo.
Man buys two 'toy poodles' and later told they are giant rats pumped up with steroids
Giant graffiti penis drawn on racetrack shuts down Nurburgring
Venezuelan candidate Maduro puts curse on rival voters
D.C. bank robbery attempts fail after suspect's illegible notes confuse tellers
A Story of God and All of Us: A Novel Based on the Epic TV Miniseries "The Bible"
What a dick: Nurburgring closes after someone draws huge penis on track
Police Suspect 'Spudzooka' Used to Launch Potatoes, Damage Property
IKEA halts moose lasagna sales after finding traces of pork
Jeremy Irons's bizarre objection to gay marriage...
Man allegedly beat girlfriend with Xbox, stabbed her.
The Pentagon poo-pooed 'Avengers' teamup
Security Guard Shot With Arrow at Strip Club
Medical examiner: Blunt trauma cause of railroad death - man stepped in front of Amtrak train
Study: Walmart Most Popular Place For People To Fall In Love At First Sight
Park Elementary School Offers Counseling For Students Troubled By Pastry Shaped Like Gun
Woman uses 2 cans of spaghetti sauce to rob bank
Beyonce and Jay-Z's anniversary Cuba trip examined by US Congress
Islamic city council bans female flatulence in Indonesia
A customer pays with cash at a Target
Sierra Club posts Help Wanted: Water Watchers in Ohio
BP to sell US wind assets, renew focus on petroleum
Obama: NASA should capture asteroid, place it in orbit around the moon
Man gets shock of his life when he buys two toy poodles for $150 only to be told by a vet that they are actually GIANT RODENTS pumped up with steroids to look like dogs.
The Emergence of 4D Printing
DOG-lovers at a market in Argentina paid out hundreds of pounds for fashionable "toy-poodles", only to discover that they were fluffed-up ferrets on steroids.
Woman finds 'sign from god' in goldfish cracker
19yr Old Man Raped by 4 Women in Toronto [X-post r/worldnews]
Four women wanted in alleged sex assault of 19-year-old man in downtown Toronto
Romanian Man Sues Bishop and Priests for Failing to Exorcise Flatulent Demons from His House
Woman Found a Special Goldfish Cracker Which She Believes to be a Religious Sign
Why studying duck genitalia is not a waste of tax dollars
Kangaroo meat as healthy as you think
Truckload of Nutella stolen in Germany
AFP: Truckload of Nutella stolen in Germany
Spam Text Message Detonates Suicide Bomber, Prevents Moscow Attack
Blast near Damascus square kills 15, state TV reports
Tonnes of nicked Nutella gives cops bellyache
Giant penis shuts down world famous Nurburgring
Woman robbed Clinton Township bank with spaghetti sauce, police say
Victims take gun from suspects during home invasion, suspects come back asking for their gun
Arkansas Democrat Gazette reports "Oil Spill seen as a "blessing" for some".
Dr. Dick Weiner suggests homosexuality as the cause for dinosaur extinction in his journal "Anals of Science"
Manchester police to record attacks on goths, emos and punks as hate crimes
Man buys toy poodles, discovers they're actually ferrets on steroids
Neil Armstrong had to go through US customs in Honolulu, Hawaii on the way back from the Moon.
Romanian Man Sues Bishop and Priests for Failing to Exorcise Flatulent Demons from His House (xpost from /r/Romania)
British grandmother to be executed by firing squad for smuggling cocaine
Octomom Nadya Suleman gets multiple porn nominations
Chavez protege invokes curse on those who vote against him
French President Francois Hollande's Camel Eaten By Mali Family
Man w/ frog phobia wins $1.6 million verdict
Man jailed for stealing bus and picking up friends after night out
One of Bloomberg's 'Mayors Against Illegal Guns' James 'Jay' Schiliro arrested for illegally firing a gun to intimidate man into having sex with him.
Ending the War on Ferrets
City demands cyclist pay $1,200 for damage to a police cruiser that struck him
Man buys toy poodles found to be ferrets on steroids
Report: NHL to announce outdoor game in Los Angeles next week
Cookie Monster busted for pushing toddler
Angry Handyman Launches Hammer Attack That Turns Into Gun Fight, St. Louis Police Say
Dog with expensive taste eats $500 cash, owner asks government for reimbursement
Woman demands new council house after old home "gets possessed by ghost named Nigel"
Woman, 91, charged with beating men with broom
'I Liked It,' Putin Says Of Protest By Topless Women
Florida police officer arrested for buying drugs from informant while on duty, in uniform, and in his police cruiser
3-year-old fatally shoots deputy's wife with his gun at Tennessee cookout
Like father, like son: Kim Jong-un looking at things
Kevin Kolb 'here to win a Super Bowl' for Buffalo Bills
Man's 'poodles' are actually ferrets on steroids
Cookie Monster charged in Times Square incident
"Natural male enhancement" pills pulled for having unnatural ingredient
Two Year Old Minnesota Boy Found Wandering Streets With Open Mikes Hard Lemonade.
Man buys poodles, finds out they're giant rats pumped up with steroids
Margaret Thatcher Hashtag Confuses Cher Fans
Science proves women like men with bigger penises.
'PET POODLE' TURNS OUT TO BE GIANT RODENT PUMPED WITH STEROIDS
Is There a Secret Nutella Black Market?
Man with frog phobia wins $1.6 million law suit.
William Blakely, Former Vice Mayor, Allegedly Drove 90 MPH With Genitals Out Window
We Know Our Education System Has Failed When Even Bank Robbers Can't Make Their Demands Clear: DCist
Thieves steal five tons of Nutella
4-year-old boy shoots, kills Tenn. deputy's wife
Cookie Monster Arrested For Shoving 2-Year-Old In Times Square
Romanian Lawyer Sues Priests Claiming They Failed to Properly Exorcise Flatulent Demons in His House
PETA Plans to Fly Drones That Would 'Stalk Hunters'
Frog-Phobic Man Wins $1.6M Jury Award After His Land Floods
Texting while flying may have played role in fatal helicopter crash
Woman tells 19-year-old grandson to kill her husband.
Penis size does matter to women, researchers say in study published in PNAS
Baby pepper sprayed after being used as human shield
Navy destroys drone with laser weapon ahead of 2014 deployment
Target apologizes for 'manatee' label on plus-size dress
Brits Shocked at Easy Availability of Knives
Man dressed as Cookie Monster arrested in NY's Times Square, accused of shoving Conn. tot
After drinking to celebrate pregnancy, St. Paul woman kills pedestrian
Brad Paisley and LL Cool J Show How Not to Sing About the Confederate Flag
Texas Mayor Asks Residents To Pray For Rain During Drought
Presidential Candidate Maduro Invokes 'Curse Of Macaparana' On Venezuela Opposition Voters
Hamas 'force men to cut long hair
It Happened to Me: I (Accidentally!) Named My Online Dating Profile Tossed Salad
Cutting in line at Chipotle leads to blood stained streets in D.C. (xpost r/worldnews)
Ok, who stole the Nutella? 5.5 tons!
Pretty great tits make better mothers
Germany: Thieves Swipe 5 Tons of Chocolate Spread
Homeless man wins lottery but wants to stay in his tent
North Korea's Army Is Full of Jumping, Leaping, High-Kicking Martial Artists
North Carolina man takes excavator to steal ATM machine
Turkey wants end to Canada's genocide policy, and seeks free trade deal Read more: http://www.vancouversun.com/news/Turkey+wants+Canada+genocide+policy+seeks+free+trade+deal/8207868/story.html#ixzz2PvqnnaVh
Turkey wants end to Canada's genocide policy, and seeks free trade deal Turkey wants end to Canada's genocide policy, and seeks free trade deal Read more: http://www.vancouversun.com/news/Turkey+wants+Canada+genocide+policy+seeks+free+trade+deal/8207868/story.html#ixzz2PvqnnaVh
Turkey wants end to Canada's genocide policy, and seeks free trade deal
A 'Pinky And The Brain School' Exists In Nigeria
China to vaccinate 90,000 pigeons against bird flu
Redditor busted for murder after posting his 'cuddly bear' meme
Blogger banned from writing about brothers
Lutheran bishop kills woman on her Sunday afternoon jog while drunkenly driving to a church service he was to preside over.
Judy Garland's "Ding Dong the Witch is Dead" races up charts after Margaret Thatcher's death [x-post from /r/music]
Judy Garland's "Ding Dong the Witch is Dead" races up chart's after Margaret Thatcher's death
REPUBLICANS CALL FOR TOUGHER SANCTIONS ON BEYONCÉ
Goa government to take action against Go Goa Gone for 'defaming' the state
New Jersey boy, 6, accidentally shot by 4-year-old neighbor
The first ever 'murder confession' by MEME? Reddit user is reported to the FBI after he 'admits killing his sister's abusive meth-addict boyfriend with his own drugs' using a picture of a bear
Fatbergs to power London
Google Glass Already Being Banned from Strip Clubs
Cookie Monster "lookalike" arrested for shoving child in Times Square
Latvian Hockey Players Invest in Earthworms
A camel given to French President Francois Hollande has been eaten by the family he asked to care for it
China is building buses so enormous that cars can just drive underneath them
Mom to be celebrates her pregnancy with some Vodka, Codeine, Percocet, a double hit and run, and finally to cap it all off, an abortion.
Another conviction for the often arrested "Hugging Bandit"
Google puzzled by number porn
Burglary suspect finds time to feed the dog
Former Alderman Drives 90MPH While Hanging Penis Out Window
Study: Women prefer tall men, large penis.
I am confident this really is chocolate.
Francois Hollande's Camel Eaten By Family In Timbuktu, Mali
Olympics mulling 3-on-3 hoops, BMX
Tennessee politician arrested for habit of masturbating out car window at 90 mph
Kansas bill would have banned spending public money on 'sustainable development'
British grandmother claims she was raised by monkeys!
How Machiavelli Saved My Family
Romanian lawyer sues his bishop and four priests claiming they failed to properly exorcise flatulent demons in his house
Women Prefer Men with Bigger Penises
Mali Locals Eat President Hollande's Camel
DirecTV Adds DogTV Channel to Appeal to Canine Audience
Kevin Kolb: I'm in Buffalo to win a Super Bowl, period
Guantanamo-Themed Coachella Party Offers 'Pleasurable Torture'
Cher Fans Confused By Thatcher Twitter Hashtag (#nowthatcherisdead)
Thieves Make off with Five Tons of Nutella
Suzy Lee Weiss: To (All) the Colleges That Rejected Me
'Ding Dong! The Witch Is Dead' could reach number one following Margaret Thatcher's death
Circus elephant injured in drive-by shooting in Mississippi
I moved 3000 miles away--alone.
Mali to give French president new camel after first gift eaten
Circus elephant struck by bullet during drive-by shooting in Mississippi
Mali family dine on camel gifted to French president Francois Hollande
Cookie Monster Allegedly Called 2-Year-Old Kid A Bastard Before Shoving Him
Actor Who Played Satan Scoffs At Obama Comparison
Woman Attacks Boyfriend for singing "Thrift Shop," Gets Arrested
Man hospitalised with live eel stuck up his bum
How Do You Get Rats Off Cocaine? With Lasers
Biologist Jesus opposed three women and a dog marriage
Mali to give France new camel after first one is eaten
United flight diverted after family complains about movie
Hell Freezes Over As Glenn Beck Endorses Marriage Equality (VIDEO)
Woman Chokes Out Boyfriend for Singing Macklemore's 'Thrift Shop' Repeatedly
Nun steals $130,000 from churches to fuel gambling addiction
Women Find Men With Bigger Penises More Attractive, Study Says
HEIDI KLUM Suffers Nip Slip While Rescuing Son And Nanny From Drowning In Hawaii (PHOTOS)
Florida DJs may be charged for telling listeners that "dihydrogen monoxide" is running down their taps
NC mayor fasting to solve city's budget problems
French president Francois Hollande's camel eaten
DirecTV to Offer Programming for Dogs
Ferrets on Steroids Sold as Poodles
Examine Cash Advance Help For Your Cash Needs
WikiLeaks 'Kissinger Cables' Reveal How Much Russians Loved Joni Mitchell
Longmont police: 'Thrift Shop' song leads woman to push, choke boyfriend
US man with frog phobia wins $1.6m in damages after run-off water turns home into amphibian-friendly wetland
French president's camel made into stew
Priests Watch DVD Screeners While Pirates Download Filth in the Vatican
If Huawei is spying in U.S., would it sponsor a Jonas Brothers tour?
Poland and Germany fall out over who was more antisemitic during WWII
Doctor Who loses one million viewers as fans brand latest episode as the worst ever
Driver crashes into five police cruisers in OPP parking lot
Former TN lawmaker allegedly drove 90 MPH while masturbating out window
Elephant hit in circus drive-by shooting
Toronto Pools Ban Dads After Muslims' Demands
Cheney to GOP leaders: 'We're in deep doo doo' on North Korea
Seven die in beer tank after cleaning project takes tragic turn at Corona brewery
Suicidal dad was seconds from killing himself until The Office came on TV.
Thieves in Germany steal 5 tons of Nutella
Twitter users mistake "Now Thatcher's Dead" hashtag with "Now that Cher's Dead"
Elephant in Ringling Circus injured in drive-by shooting in Mississippi
Man dies after neighbor shoves foot up his rectum while fighting over girl
Hermit avoids human contact for 27 years.
Porn addict rushed to hospital after he put live eel up bum
Rush Limbaugh gives teenage caller an iPad when he says after learning global warming is a hoax from a public library book
Witnesses: Man drove 90 mph with genitals hanging out the window
Man killed for drinking mates' beer
Woman killed by 4-year-old in Tennessee cookout
79 year old woman wakes from 5-year coma, demands Bob Seger tickets
Second Rescued Hiker Hallucinated She Was 'Being Eaten by a Python'
North Korea's peasant army gets ready to farm, not wage war
Laziness May Be Genetic
Francois Hollande's camel: Mali 'to replace eaten animal'
Kansas to ban sustainable development
Indians worship a pumpking believed to be the reincarnation of Lord Shiva
Right Not To Get Shot Faces Uphill Fight in Senate
Therapy llama spreads cheer in Portland
WE ARE STAR PEOPLE: Scientific proof we were created by aliens
Target 'Manatee Gray' Color On Plus-Size Dress Has Customers Irked (PHOTO)
Camel given to French President by Malian government killed and eaten by its caretakers.
Britain legalises suggesting horses can be gay
Ferrets Sold As Toy Poodles: Argentina Pet Dealers Reportedly Selling Weasels On Steroids
Subject of Bribery Probe Queens Councilman Dan Halloran Was Publicly Flogged in Neo-Pagan Ritual
Hamster resurrection: Pet rises from the grave at Easter after being buried in garden
Thatcher's death prompts chart success for Ding Dong! The Witch is Dead.
William Blakely, Former Vice Mayor, Allegedly Drove 90 MPH, Masturbating With Genitals Out Window (x-post from r/offbeat)
Japanese city accidentally tweets North Korean missile launch
Gary Harrington, Oregon Resident, Sentenced To Jail For Stockpiling Rainwater
Someone in The Vatican Loves Porn
Thieves swipe 5 tons of Nutella in Germany.
Camel given to Francois Hollande by Mali is eaten in a stew, but a replacement is on the way
Someone at the Vatican is illegally downloading porn
Paris Louvre shuts as staff strike over pickpockets
Richmond: Man killed in daytime shooting in front of vocational class aimed at reducing violence
North Korea may be threatening nuclear war, but all eyes are on [PSY]'s highly anticipated follow-up to Gangnam Style
Uzbekistan officials call Harlem Shake 'a vortex full of meaninglessness and shamelessness'
At Least 4 People Were Accidentally Shot By Toddlers Since Last Weekend
NFL teams want JaMarcus Russell to lose more weight
Calif. hiker: 4 days missing felt like a dream
Iran plans 'Islamic Google Earth' Launch
Alice Cooper Rejected Raquel Welch's Advances
Man Sues Bishop for Failing to Exorcise Flatulent Demons
William Blakely, Former Vice Mayor, Allegedly Drove 90 MPH , And Masturbated With Genitals Out Window
Mali to give French president new camel after first one is eaten
Train forced to make emergency stop after elderly man ties puppy to tracks
Meet the man who wants to become a disposable Kotex maxi pad
'Breastaurant' trademark: Texas restaurant trademarks racy name
Triangular treats banned due to risk of sharp corners. Staff were told that rectangles or squares should be used instead.
Cops are afraid of our boobs (NSFW)
Former Tenn. Lawmaker Allegedly Drove 90 MPH While Masturbating Out Window
50 arrested in Newmarket & Keswick Game of Thrones reenactment melee
Foreskin protesters to crash Oprah's show
Republican Congressman Cites Biblical Great Flood To Say Climate Change Isn't Man-Made
Blind dog gets seeing-eye cat.
Women better off without bras: French study
Circus Elephant Wounded in Drive-by Shooting
NC lawmaker equates Islamic prayer with terrorism
The Quidditch World Cup Is This Weekend, Seriously
This is what happens when you accidentally give your line cooks weed cookies
South Korea holds its breath as Psy prepares to release new single
Republican County Commissioner Who Used Racist Expression 'Nigger-Rigging' During Official Meeting Says He Isn't a Racist Because He Has a Black Friend
GOP Official Apologizes To 'Colored People' For Using Racial Slur
Woman Thinks About Popeye's Chicken to Achieve Orgasm
50 arrested in Game of Thrones reenactment melee
A recent example of scientific illiteracy in journalism (US navy laser weapon), BBC article /x-post from Physics
Thatcher's Funeral To Have Falkland's Theme
Autistic man left toothless after Indianapolis dentist pulls ALL his teeth instead of just three in bizarre dental mix-up
Arizona man kills wife over fear he had given her HIV
27 comments Cedar Springs man again faces sex charge, this time involving a dog
Cedar Springs man again faces sex charge, this time involving a dog
Pro-foreskin protesters to target Oprah at Canadian city appearance
GOP House Representative: Biblical Flood Proves Climate Change isn't Man Made
Yemen's Deposed President Has Built a Museum Dedicated to Himself
Man Hospitalized With Eel In Butt
The New Résumé: It's 140 Characters
Give Nicolas Cage the Declaration of Independence. (White House Petition)
Man jailed for attacking wife with sandwich
Iranian scientist claims to have invented 'time machine'
Drummers are natural intellectuals
Guy Tries to Buy Toy Poodles, Gets Fluffy, Steroid-Pumped Giant Ferrets Instead
'The Fatwa Show': Moroccan journalist tells clerics to just have some fun
Company recalls birth control batch containing extra placebos
Cat found marinating in New York man's trunk has a new home
Unusual Anal Fish Fin Offers New Insight into Ancient Evolutionary History of Limbs
My strange ramen addiction: Teen eats almost nothing but noodles for 13 years
Fox cracking down on knitters who sell Jayne hats.
Texas Rep. Cites Biblical Flood as Example of Climate Change
Vaccines Produce Homosexuality, Says Italian Scientist Gian Paolo Vanoli
Man suspected of breaking into Washington home stops to feed couple's dog
Cops rescue struggling donut shop
Suzy Lee Weiss, High School Senior, Writes Controversial Letter To Ivy League Colleges That Rejected Her (VIDEO)
Cops & Doughnuts, Once Struggling Clare City Bakery, Rescued By Police Officers
Maryland Governor Taxes Rain
PETA announces plan to hunt hunters from the sky
Run-in with Justin Bieber Lookalike Prompts Warning to Los Al Parents
Woman guilty of assaulting police with quiche
Zimbabwean government bank balance 'down to $217'
Five tonnes of Nutella stolen from parked van by German thieves
Elvis' ghost haunts Michael Jackson death trial
Voice of Charlie Brown pleads guilty to threatening and stalking in California- Quote: "I even bought her breast implants, and she still yanked the football away!"
Circus elephant Ok after drive-by shooting
Dick Cheney Warns GOP On North Korea: 'We're In Deep Doo Doo'
Train narrowly avoids hitting puppy tied to tracks
Sean 'Diddy' Combs' twin daughters 'sent to school covered in cocaine' by mother
Voice of Charlie Brown pleads guilty to threatening and stalking in California
First emo hate crime arrests in Manchester
Man cuts his arms with saws at West Covina Home Depot
Camel gifted to French president is mistaken for food, made into tagine and eaten for dinner
Bearded Mom: When Women Grow Full-Blown Facial Hair
Hermit caught after 27 years in Maine woods
Great Tits' Appearance Linked to Health of Chicks
Beaver Bites Man To Death In Belarus Attack
Cause of multiple collisions in California? Zombies, driver tells police.
Oprah in hot water with Canadians.. for smearing baby penises on her face.
Target To Rename 'Orina' Shoe After Learning It Means 'Urine' In Spanish
Samsung announces new Galaxy Mega smartphone with 6.3" display
Engineer stops train before hitting puppy tied to track
Man run over by his own vehicle
Rep. Joe Barton (R, TX) proposes that the biblical Great Flood was caused by climate change, ergo climate change could not have been caused by burning hydrocarbons.
Foot-long slab too big? Microsoft 'has a 7-incher' to stroke
North Korean Missile Test Delayed by Windows 8
MTV star Farrah Abraham's porn video 'a new low of lows,' experts say
Governor imposes tax on the rain
Circus elephant targeted in Mississippi drive-by shooting
At Least 4 People Have Been Shot by Toddlers Since Last Weekend
Grosse Pointe students will need permission to hear Rick Santorum speech
First emo hate crime arrests in Manchester [x-post from r/offbeat]
Syrian rebels want to protect the U.S. from North Korea
Anti-circumcision activists to protest Oprah's Canadian appearances
Women are 'better off without their bras' (say scientists who took FIFTEEN YEARS to inspect women's breasts)
Justin Bieber look-a-like teen working with a 50 year-old man to lure children into a minivan
Circus elephant shot in drive-by
Eel Removed from Man after Getting Stuck, Chewing through Colon (GRAPHIC PHOTOS)
Woman Chokes Boyfriend Because He Wouldn't Stop Singing Macklemore's "Thrift Shop"
Bank Robber Gets Back Money He Stole Because No One Else Wants It
Sitting on too much money, Norway risks going off course
Moose dies after stroll through B.C. grocery store
'Sexsomnia' is a real thing, and it just got a guy off in court
Man tries to take photo of beaver; it kills him
Office Furniture Designed To Spark Inspiring, Random Encounters
North Korean Missile Test Delayed due to Problems with Windows 8
Ax-wielding man damages Planned Parenthood clinic
So apparently the boy scouts are now Obama's Hitler youth. (New crazy conspiracy) (Video/article)
Poll: More people believe Obama the Antichrist than moonlanding fake
Samsung unveils largest smartphone yet: Galaxy Mega
Missile movements: Is N.Korea trying to 'mess' with the world?
Climate Change Could Make Us Choose Between Wine And Pandas
Teen's Strange Ramen Addiction | Healthy Living
Train passenger caught with Vladimir Putin fake ID
Target Sandals Mistakenly Named After Urine
Woman Robs Bank With a Jar of Spaghetti Sauce...
Victim recalls assailant's breasts, little else
Meet the Florida Man Who Wants To "Become" a Disposable Maxi-Pad
American Eagle currently offering spray-on skinny jeans
Woman Chokes Boyfriend for Singing "Thrift Shop" Over and Over (x-post r/music)
Man Blamed in 15 Freeway Pileup Claims He Was Chased By Zombies
Paul McCartney Reportedly Made a Moombahton Album
Police are searching for a serial man-kisser dubbed "The Blitz Kisser"
Hate Groups Threaten To Leave GOP If Gay Marriage Opposition Is Ended
Woman Discovers She Is Allergic To Husband's Sperm After She Marries Him
Ex-Bear Hurd pleads guilty to drug trafficking
No Credit Check Loan-- The Easiest Loan
Supreme Court to decide if human genes can be patented
Mother Declares Her Children Are "the Biggest Regret of Her Life"
Man tries to take picture of beaver; it kills him.
Woman Chokes Boyfriend for Singing "Thrift Shop" Over and Over
Vermont couple stages armed robbery to cover up embezzlement
Beck: Obama might create a 'monarchy' and start decapitating Americans
Apparently Jodi Arias Is Tweeting During Her Murder Trial, Doesn't Like Nancy Grace
Lawmaker drops bombshell: North Korea may have nuclear missiles
Goat head delivered to Wrigley for Cubs owner Ricketts
Seattle Cops Return Pot to Dealers
North Korea has lowered its missile back down after pointing it up for a few hours. [X-Post From /r/worldnews]
Christopher Crist's Dentist Pulls ALL HIS TEETH Without Permission
Drive by shooting injures elephant
North Korea has lowered its missile back down after pointing it up for a few hours. (X-post r/worldnews)
Computer identifies the most boring day in history
Woman Strangles Partner For Singing 'Thrift Shop' Non-Stop
Woman feels sexier since growing out her beard, now looking for love
Teen's Strange Ramen Addiction
Penis Size Study Shows Women Find Men With Big Genitals More Attractive (NSFW)
Newlywed finds out she is allergic to her husband's sperm! That's gonna put a kink in their love life. (xpost from r/wtf)
Rep Joe Barton cites Great Flood as evidence against man-made climate change
Man strangled by downtown Seattle escalator
3D printers a border security threat
And allergy shots for sperm?!? Newlywed finds out she is allergic to her husband's sperm.
Circus Elephant Shot In Drive-By Attack Leads To $33,000 Reward
Severed goat head delivered to Wrigley Field
Novi Elementary Principal Arrested, Suspected of Being Intoxicated on School Grounds
Home Depot Customer Grabs Saws, Tries To Cut His Own Arms Off In Store
Mali to give French president another camel after first one is eaten
Japan's new ambassador: a cartoon cat
Great Scott! Iranian scientist Ali Razeghi claims to have invented 'time machine' that can predict the future with 98% accuracy
Meal fried in artist's own body fat
Mother poisons own child with chemo drugs for Facebook likes
Hockey Seeks To Become The Most LGBT-Friendly Men's Pro Sport
Zombies Blamed For California Lorry Crash
German Thieves Steal $20,710 Worth of Nutella
Mother, 67, dies after hijab catches fire on a gas hob: She had been injured three times before in similar accidents
Mom poison daughter to get facebook likes
Elephant Hit In Drive-By Shooting
Google releases "Digital will"
Taiwanese Gamer Witnesses Murder in Internet Cafe, Keeps Playing Games in Bloodstained Clothes
Mum choked on boiled egg at tragic pub event on Easter Monday
Beaver kills man: Angry beaver attacks angler in Belarus
It's less about the article and more about the comments at the end.
Couple Gives Google Street View Team a Sexy Road Show (NSFW)
North Korea considers war with Microsoft
Bears in Russia now hooked on huffing jet fumes
Paramedics find drunk, unresponsive preschooler
Marlins Fan Brings Raccoon to Last Night's Game Against the Braves
Reformatting A Hard Drive Cost One Man $200,000 In Bitcoins
North Korean helicopter puts on lonely show of force
Coaches cry foul on ump's English-only call
North Korean Lady Soldiers Patrol In 4-Inch Platform Heels
Beaver kills man in Belarus; he wanted to be photographed with it
China: Fuerdai Show Off Bank Accounts
Chinese Rich Kids Post Photos Of Their Bank Accounts Online After 'Sex Party' Feud
HS assigment: watch Nazi propaganda and write persuasive essay stating loyalty to the third reich (SAY WHAT?!?)
If Babies Had Guns They Wouldn't Be Aborted
A man in Eastern Europe has died after being attacked by a beaver that he was attempting to photograph
Writing Assignment at Albany High School: Explain Why 'Jews Are Evil'
Camera-shy beaver kills man trying to take his photo
'Lingerie' Football League -- Coach 'Under Review' for Locker Room Meltdown
US congressman cites biblical flood to dispute human link to climate change
Elizabeth Warren pays interns $0 per hour
North Korea, most of Asia terrible at Photoshop
8-year-old follows Tenn. lawmaker around Capitol until he drops welfare bill
High School football coach mowed down by runaway golf cart on the field sues Dallas Cowboys for $1MILLION over 'great personal embarrassment'
New York teacher in writing task asks students why Jews are evil
Man acting as own attorney found guilty of capital murder.
Honolulu court screeners find pet duck in bag
Justin Bieber Discusses Swaggie Vs. Swaggy
Orthodox Jewish Man Covers Himself In Plastic Bag On Plane
Younger Women Don't Need Bras, French Study Says
WA grants MSFT $1.5B tax amnesty, resorts to taxing dance-clubs to make up shortfall
400 pound woman uses sauce to rob bank
North Korea threatens to kill Nicolas Cage
The Blonde and the Peeper
Beaver 'bites man to death'
North Korea threatens to strike Colorado Springs but doesn't know where it is
Drunken rat who fried flatmate's pet hamster is banned from keeping animals for eight years
Vatican Quest Draws Anger For Mocking Pope Benedict XVI As Pimp
Texas congressman's campaign bumper sticker: 'If babies had guns they wouldn't be aborted'
Steve Stockman: "If babies had guns, they wouldn't be aborted"
Police looking for "blitz kisser" in Canadian city..
Banana, lobster accused of breaking into UNC student union
Tech Company Sued by U. of Illinois Takes It Out on Its Students
Chinese Man Pickpockets an iPhone By Using... Chopsticks
Saudi Arabia's Religious Police Outlaw 'Tempting Eyes'
Marylanders will now be subjected to a "Rain Tax" depending on the size of their property.
430-pound woman robs bank with spaghetti sauce 'bomb'
Google wants to build the Star Trek computer
Spokesman: Obama 'did not communicate' with Jay-Z on Cuba trip
Misheard lyric in the 'Fresh Prince' theme song puts an entire county of schools on lockdown
GOP Congressman: 'If Babies Had Guns They Wouldn't Be Aborted'
Michigan State student sets off homemade bomb to celebrate Michigan's loss to Louisville in the National Championship Game.
Naked lover ends up with road rash
The Lady-Guards Of North Korea Wear Platform Heels
New, watered-down Kool-Aid Man just wants to be loved
Sweden Enlists Llamas to Fight Sheep-Killing Wolves
ATX Brands LLC, which owns Bikinis Sports Bar and Grill (in Bikinis, TX), has obtained a federal trademark for the mark "Breastaurant"
Georgia's Republican governor won't endorse town's first racially integrated prom
Some people will probably look better after they're dead than they do while they're still alive, viz., one Fred Phelps, Westboro Baptist Church, Topeka, Kansas
Doctors fight at terminally ill patient's bedside over who gets his organs
Way to go Upstate NY...Students must write an essay arguing that "Jews are evil" for their 10th grade English class.
When the Zombies Attack, You'll Need Your Gun
IRS Agent Seduced Me, Then Didn't Help Me With Audit, Man Says
IRS Agent Seduced Me, Then Didn't Help Me With Audit, Oregon Man Claims
Scientists want more money to research hangover cures
If Babies Had Guns They Wouldn't Be Aborted: Rep. Steve Stockman (R-Texas)
Disturbing Discovery on Barry County Man's Groin
Questionable article claims North Korea plans to take Nicolas Cage, Phil Philips, and Anderson Cooper hostage
Oprah in Hot Water Because She Loves Using Penis Cream
Tips To Help You Discover The Fast Cash
30-year-old studying father says 'fuck' outside of class, is removed from class and loses his scholarship grant
Anti-gay Activist Found Guilty of Child Pornography After Video Taping Her Teenage Daughter Having Sex
School district apologizes after students assigned to prove their loyalty to Nazi Germany, argue Jews are "evil."
Questions linger after New Iberia man dies in bird heist gone wrong
Gov. Nathan Deal won't comment on the controversy over some Wilcox County teens' efforts to integrate their prom. He wrote, "This is a leftist front group for the state Democratic party and we're not going to lend a hand to their silly publicity stunt."
Police Chief Recovering After Eating Cake Laced With Pot
Student says f-word outside of class, college nearly ruins his career
Kim Jong Un's less responsible, Disney-obsessed older brother
Man Put in Serious Condition as Eel Invades Anus
Four-Foot Beavers Invade Town
Iran: No, We Do Not Have a 'Time Machine'
Tough-on-crime police chief accidentally eats entire pot-laced cake left at his home by his daughter's friend
Microsoft urges Windows 7 users to uninstall 'Blue Screen of Death' patch
Canada having trouble adopting black pets
Solar panels could destroy U.S. utilities, according to U.S. utilities
Police reporting this guy as 1 of 5 killed in South Florida car accident but he posts on his facebook page that he is alive!
Actress loses lawsuit against IMDb for revealing that she is hideously middle-aged
Google launches tool to help users plan for digital afterlife
Rep. Steve Stockman: 'If babies had guns, they wouldn't be aborted'
Outrage in Spain over video game that depicts Pope Benedict XVI as pimp for pedophile cardinals
People Won't Stop Sending Severed Goat Heads to Wrigley Field
Man Allegedly Steals Toy Car at Gunpoint
Republican Congressman Campaign Bumper Sticker: "If Babies Had Guns They Wouldn't Be Aborted"
Texas Congressman Cites Noah's Ark As Evidence Against Climate Change
my reaction to almost every article in this subreddit
"If Babies had Guns They Wouldn't be Aborted" -Texas Rep. Steve Stockman's new campaign bumper sticker.
Police chef hospitalized after eating entire 'cannabis cake'
School apologizes over pro-Nazi essay assignment
Size matters? (Yes, THAT kind of size)
Poll: Background Checks Beat Apple Pie, Baseball, Kittens In Americans' Hearts
Fire extinguishers banned as a fire safety hazard
Convicted killer suing murder victims family.
News is bad for you - and giving up reading it will make you happier
French robber blasts his way out of prison, takes four guards hostage
Body-strewn Chicago Takes a Firm Stance Against Public Urination
Police chief hospitalized after eating an entire 'cannabis cake'.
Ohio Police Chief Accidentally Eats Daughter's Weed-Cake, Goes Insane
Florida cop fired for Trayvon Martin targets
Police Officer Fired After Using Trayvon Martin Targets At Gun Range
East Bay Man Relies on Tupac-Loving Alligator to Guard His Marijuana Stash (Update)
Woman guilty of assaulting police with quiche - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
Gun Control Proposal 'Leak' Exposes Link Between Health Care and Restriction of Liberty
Female Taliban Suicide Bomber Hates The Idea Of Virgins In Heaven
A manhunt is under way in western Germany for a convicted drug dealer who escaped by mailing himself out of jail.
UK woman diagnosed as allergic to exercise
Albany teacher under fire for assigning essay on why 'Jews are evil'
Angry wife brings sign calling out cheating husband to Wrestlemania 29
African-American passengers sue US Airways for asking them to change out of hoodies
Justin Bieber went to the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam. Signed the guest book: "Anne was a great girl. Hopefully she would have been a belieber." ಠ_ಠ
'They danced in the streets when Hitler died too': Death parties drama teacher likens Lady Thatcher to Nazi leader
Australian woman found guilty of assaulting police officer with quiche
Justin Bieber Hopes Anne Frank Would Have Been A Belieber
Justin Bieber Visits Anne Frank House, Wonders If She'd Have Been a 'Belieber'
Police: Hugh Jackman stalked by woman with electric razor
Iron Lady Delays Iron Man
Justin Bieber relates to Anne Frank
Justin Bieber hopes Anne Frank 'would have been a believer'
Bieber's message in the Anne Frank house guestbook - "...hopefully she would have been a belieber"
"Hopefully Anne Frank Would've Been a Belieber," Writes Justin Bieber
North Korea threatens to strike Colorado Springs, but doesn't know where it is. [Video & Article]
The Surprisingly Serious Quest to Make Muggle Quidditch a Real Sport
Justin Bieber visits Anne Frank's house, writes in guest book that he hopes she would have been a "Belieber."
Justin Bieber visited The Anne Frank House. He wrote in the guest book "Anne was a great girl. Hopefully she would have been a belieber" (Crosspost from /r/cringe)
Bieber: Holocaust victim Anne Frank 'would have been a Belieber'
Justin Bieber: 'Anne Frank Was A Great Girl, Hopefully She Would Have Been A Belieber'
Man goes to dentist to have three teeth remove, dentist removes all of his teeth instead.
Estonian gas company uses Auschwitz to advertise products
Dennis Rodman says he'll return to North Korea on August 1st
Man Shoots and Kills Self at National Rifle Association-sponsored NASCAR Race.
Is Mike Rice Really Coaching 12-Year-Old Girls Now?
Justin Bieber says he hopes Anne Frank 'would have been a Belieber'
Dog leaves with burglar who fed him pudding
NC A&T lockdown likely caused by umbrella
Man shoots himself in the head during NRA 500 at Texas
NASCAR fan shoots himself in the head at NRA 500 Sprint Cup race in Texas
Massive Herpes Outbreak Reported at Coachella
Ohio Police Chief Freaks Out After Eating An Entire Cake Laced With Weed
Financial crisis caused by too many bankers taking cocaine, says former drugs tsar - Telegraph
Justin Bieber: 'hopefully Anne Frank would have been a belieber' - Telegraph
LeBron James' Instagram photos prompt local flood warning
Hugh Jackman Attacked by Sobbing Stalker Throwing Pubic Hairs at Him
NASCAR fan dies after shooting himself in the head during the NRA 500
Romney Doesn't Understand Why You Can't Roll Down Windows On A Plane
Man Kills Self with Gun at NRA 500 NASCAR Event
Stalker of Hugh Jackman arrested after throwing a hair-filled razor at the star
Rep. Steve Stockman from Texas prints campaign bumper stickers with the motto: "If babies had guns they wouldn't be aborted"
Mike Rice Is Coaching A 7th Grade Girls Basketball Team And Still Acting Like A Maniac
Unemployed strike over cuts to unemployment
Lululemon is making customers 'bend over to verify sheerness' of recalled yoga pants before issuing a refund
Why the fake braces trend may be dangerous for users
A woman won $50,000 after she claimed that a minor accident on a San Francisco cable car she was riding turned her into a nymphomaniac
Kirk Franklin death: Race-goer commits suicide in infield of NRA sponsored NASCAR race after argument
Racing fan shoots himself dead in infield of NRA-sponsored NASCAR race after argument
My partner won't use sex toys to pleasure me anally
Justin Bieber's comment in the guestbook at Anne Frank's house ""Truly inspiring to be able to come here. Anne was a great girl. Hopefully she would have been a belieber."
Easter Bunny Pulled Over for Defying Calif. Helmet Laws
'F Cancr' license plate causing controversy - 14 News, WFIE, Evansville, Henderson, Owensboro
Man shoots himself in the head, in the infield, during NASCAR's "NRA 500" race.
Justin Bieber hopes to play concert at Auschwitz
Reports of officers searching for someone or something in several Roanoke neighborhoods
Brawl Between Two Pregnant Women Ends in Amputation
Florida battles slimy invasion by giant snails
Cookie Monster charged with assaulting child.
Man Divorces His Wife For Being Ugly - Sues Her and Wins
U.S. top court weighs patentability of human genes
Pigeon held in India on suspicion of spying for Pakistan
Man shoots self in infield at NRA 500
Man drinks himself blind with vodka, regains sight with whiskey
Man Beaten for Drawing Genitalia on Roommate's Face
Pa. woman cited for calling 911 seeking divorce
Ohio police chief says he ate cake laced with pot
April fools joke about eco-friendly vibrator becomes real.
Giant, rat-sized snails invade South Florida
Judge holds self in contempt for his smartphone (ringing during court)
Alex Mesa ticketed for running backwards in Miami
Medical examiner says man shot self at NRA sponsored NASCAR race
Boat filled with protected species hits coral reef
Man dies of self-inflicted gunshot wound at NRA 500
Obama goes against the grain of what America represents
President George W. Bush debuts his paintings: "People are surprised.. Of course, some people are surprised I can even read."
Wheelchair-bound gamer banned from Twitch.tv after accusations he faked disability
Lamborghinis and Camels, on Patrol
State Rep Honors Himself with Resolution
Giant snails on advance in Florida
Boat filled with meat from endangered species hits protected coral reef in Philippines.
India fears falcon was Pakistani spy
Starbucks, Wal-Mart offer classes for college credit
Look-alike of slain al Qaida chief flaunted by Lalu Prasad & Paswan [Indian politicians] in 2005 but move did not pay off
George W. Bush: 'People are surprised I can even read' (x-post from r/politics)
McDonald's Pushing Employees To Be Cheerier
Police: Man traded sex for dinner
Judge holds self in contempt when his smartphone goes off in court
Dennis Rodman returning to North Korea 'to just hang and have some fun'
Mike Rice coaches 12-year-old girls team; parents back disgraced ex-Rutgers coach
'If babies had guns they wouldn't be aborted.' Is Rep. Steve Stockman serious?
Police in Nigeria are holding a goat on suspicion of attempted armed robbery
George W. Bush: People surprised I can read
Judge Finds Himself In Contempt Of Court Because He Can't Work His New Smartphone
Judge fines himself for smartphone use in his own court
Judge holds himself in contempt over his Windows Phone going off in court
Private drones pose privacy threat, says Google's Eric Schmidt
Republican Steve Stockman: 'If Babies Had Guns, They Wouldn't Be Aborted'
Carjacker caught because he couldn't drive stick-shift
North Korea Threatens to Strike South Korea Without Warning
North Korea warns world that it will strike without warning
Police horse "fine" after football fan punch attempt
Man, 19, Arrested For Twice Calling 911 To Complain About Way His Mom Spoke To Him
Erik Rush: Kill All Muslims in Response to Boston Marathon Attack
Giant rat-sized snails invade Florida: They chew through stucco and plaster.
Fifty Shades of Grey and Captain Underpants head US library complaints
Google Catches Bing Copying; Microsoft Says 'So What?'
George W. Bush: People surprised I can read - Kevin Robillard - POLITICO.com
Hermit gets marriage proposal and bail increases
North Korea warns, they won't warn South Korea.
A Michigan judge whose smartphone disrupted a hearing in his own court has held himself in contempt and paid $25 for the infraction
Police: New Mexico man traded McDonalds for sex
Invercargill Rape Victim Should 'Get Over It'
Judge holds himself in contempt over phone disruption
Man Shoots Himself at NRA-Sponsored NASCAR Race
Thief Steals 'Carrie Diaries' Season Finale Script; Returns It With Extensive Notes
Sneak Pet Duck And Beer Into Honolulu Court
North Korea says it won't warn South Korea before an attack.
French admit they are racist
Narrow Swindon alleyway painted with double yellow lines
Men ejected from Saudi festival, deported for 'being too handsome'
Runner gets homeless on right track
Florida Battles Giant African Land Snail Invasion
Russian Man Allegedly Shoves Foot Up Rectum Of Friend, Killing Him: Unconfirmed Report
United Arab Emirates men ejected from Saudi Arabian festival for 'being too handsome'
'Other Wife' Found on Facebook Thanks to Friend Suggestion
Giant snail invasion forces Floridians to walk for their lives
Belief in Angry God Associated with Poor Mental Health
Pirates Fan With Giant Novelty Glove Catches Foul Ball
Teen Shoots Parents "Because They Would Not let Him Look Up Bible Verse to Save Friend"
Grocery store owner says man who took samples was serial sample hogger
A Texas man used a gun to commit suicide in the infield of a National Rifle Association-sponsored NASCAR race...
Washington woman finds husband's other wife on Facebook
Man Accidentally Shoots Self During Concealed Carry Class
Abstinent husband eats a whole raw potato to take himself out of the mood.
Judge scolds Florida inmate for his 'grabbing the penis routine'
Zimbabwe officially approves BitCoins as official national currency
Kim Jong Un Upset Over Lack of Media Attention Today
Pope Francis Changes Name to Pope Allstate Insurance
Condom snorting - the latest teen trend
BBC News - Tiny alleyway gets double yellow lines
New App Prevents Icelanders from Sleeping With their Relatives
Gun safety instructor accidentally fired handgun inside Stillwater school just before class began
Truly Orwellian: author's birthplace is to become a memorial to Gandhi
Cat Addicted to Mcdonald's
Assholes with eels in 'em!
UAE men 'too handsome' for Saudi festival
Bonobos make war as well as love, study discovers.
Larry Lawton, America's Most Notorious Jewel Thief, Just Wants To Masturbate In Prison In Peace
Muslims worldwide have raced to social media websites to pray that perpetrators of a deadly bombing in Boston would not be Muslims
'Reparative Therapy Helped Me Meet Dudes,' Says Congressman's Gay Son
Taliban: "Wherever we find Americans we will kill them, but we don't have any connection with the Boston Explosions,"
Judge fines himself for smartphone use during court.
Condom Challenge: Teen Condom Snorting Trend Hits YouTube
Six-year-old takes car for three mile joyride - to get Chinese food
Injured Saudi is a witness, not a suspect, in Boston bombing (xpost from /r/politics)
Priest Sexually Assaults Woman, Tells Detectives He Can't Talk About It Because It Happened at Confession
Texas AG: Democrats more dangerous than North Korea
Maine Hermit Gets Offers of Marriage, Bail - Knight is 'smiling, pleasant;' even has his own folk song tribute | Newser Mobile
Teacher denies molestation allegations because she is racist against her Black students
Museum of Modern Art to demolish adjacent work of modern art
260 lb Teen Sues Rachael Ray Show Because Trainer Made Her Take A Hike
19 year old calls 911 to report his mom for being annoying
Boston plane grounded because two passengers spoke Arabic to each other
Sea Lion taught how to boogie
Roswell man sought for domestic assault with BBQ chicken breasts
Man selling iphone sized plastic bags on kickstarter for $1 each
Inebriated mother was passed out while her 10-year-old son was found wandering outside naked and drunk
Chicago, First U.S. City to Line Streets with Smog-Eating Cement
Columbia man headed to prison for filing false tax returns on behalf of Bloods gang
3 Men banned from a culture festival in Riyadh for being too good-looking
Austrian Wins Right To Wear Pasta Strainer On Driving Licence
New York man attacks Army officer at Walmart
Teacher Accused Of Fondling Student Says She Doesn't Like To Touch Black Children
2 men escorted off plane for speaking arabic
Tylenol may reduce existential angst
Was Margaret Thatcher really part of team that invented Mr Whippy?
Dennis Rodman says FBI asks for info on North Korea
Women to blame for earthquakes, says Iran cleric
TSA detains travelers for discussing sandwich
Beyoncé Kicks Off Mrs. Carter Tour With Faux Nipples
Police say dead groundhog, grouse tossed into western Pa. bar by unsatisfied customers
Man arrested after allegedly abusing sacred rules of free food samples.
Prime Suspect: "MSNBC Shows Images Of Man Running From Bomb"
Police: Upstate NY man's plan to coast brake-less SUV downhill to scrap yard ends in collision
NH legislator apologizes for calling women 'vaginas' in email to colleagues during debate
Houston Teacher's Defense Against Child Molestation Charges: 'I'm racist!' - First-grade teacher says she would not have fondled 7-year-old student because she does not like black children
Texas teacher claims she couldn't have fondled black student because she's racist
Suspicious bag outside Deb Fischer's office turns out to be trash
Teacher with fear of young kids sues for damages
Suffering from existential dread? Take a Tylenol
21st Century Fox -- Just Like Futurama's 29th Century Fox
New App Lets Icelanders Bump Phones Before Sex to Make Sure They're Not Cousins
BBC News - 'I was stupid', says horse punch man.
Attempt To Make Sodomy And Oral Sex Illegal Fails Miserably
Man sets sail on ice sheet with only vodka bottle for company
Men Deemed 'Too Handsome' Deported from Saudi Arabia for Fear They Would Be Irresistible to Women
PETA Reminds StarCraft Players That Zerglings Have Feelings, Too
Janitor finds meth lab in Walmart bathroom
Scientists: 7 line extension safe from electric eels :: Second Ave. Sagas
Esther Irene Stokes, 'Racist' Teacher, Denies Molestation Charge, Claims She Doesn't Touch Black Kids
Woman's fee for sex: two double cheeseburgers off the dollar menu
Christian couple maintains abstinence through first two years of marriage
During a breakthrough in investigation of the Boston Marathon bombing case in a Boston court, the court was evacuated due to a bomb scare in that court
Tin of biscuits goes missing from police station and officers report it as a crime
Beer made from elephant poop sells out immediately
Man Trapped in Bell
NASCAR fan's gun suicide at NRA-sponsored event in Texas
Man shoots self to death at NRA race
Transgender woman arrested for exposing breasts, jailed with men
Let's hope the Boston Marathon bomber is a white American
Gun safety instructor accidentally fires gun in Stillwater class
Physicists To Test If Universe Is A Computer Simulation
Catholic church angry at Polish coffin maker's use of topless models in calendar
Predator Drone Nominated For Nobel Peace Prize
Still Don't Know What to Eat For Dinner? How About a Nice, Comforting Plate of DEEP FRIED PIRANHA?
Saudi Arabia Deports 3 Men For Being Too Sexy
Hospital sorry after stillborn sent to laundry
Applicants sought for one-way trip to Martian Big Brother house
"Fashion Police" writers go on strike
Teacher Accused of Molestation Says She's Too Racist to Be Guilty
Alleged McConnell Bugger Visited White House
Mother speaks out after girl, 6, allegedly molested by Humble teacher who says she doesn't like to touch black children
North Korea open to talks but not with US 'brandishing a nuclear stick'
Woman cuts off husband's penis so he "stops hurting her with it"
Google Glass Bid Up To $95,300 On eBay Before Seller Realized He Wasn't Allowed To Sell Them
How Many Times Should You Chew Your Food?
Circumcision Changes Penis Bacteria Ecosystem, May Explain Lower HIV Risk
Mark Zuckerberg Says It's Totally OK to Ignore Dinner Guests While Checking Your Phone
Gay Man Arrested At Missouri Hospital For Refusing To Leave Sick Partner, Not Recognized As Family
Banana, Lobster Accused Of Stealing $1,000 Sculpture
Hooker Accepts Credit Cards for Payment
Year 12 student gets special consideration for not being very good at maths
New Hampshire Lawmaker Calls All Women Vaginas
'Western' Diet Doesn't Make for Healthy Seniors
Japan wants tsunami boat back from Crescent City
US woman cuts off husband's penis to stop him 'hurting' her
Are you too white, rich, able-bodied and straight to be feminist?
'Largest porn collection' in Michigan stolen during burglary
Peru: Father named 'Hitler' accused of setting his gay HIV positive son on fire
Homosexual Activist Admits True Purpose of Battle is to Destroy Marriage
Scouts seek models at Swedish anorexia clinic
[translated] MPs assemble football team, want funding from finance minister
Joan Collins is right. Any woman who wants to stay beautiful (like me!) needs to diet every day of her life
Nipple tattooing sweeps UK as women strive for perfect boobs
Woman finds husband's 'other wife' on facebook
UK soldier hopes to sell Saddam Hussein's buttocks.
US Government openly admits arming Mexican drug gangs with over 30,000 firearms
'Racist' Teacher, Denies Molestation Charge, Claims She Doesn't Touch Black Kids
Ryanair plane lands to ask for directions [translated from spanish, original article in spanish]
Icelandic 'anti-incest' app aims to stop families getting too close
State senator gets into argument with constituent over unsubscribe request.
Islamic Cleric Bans Women from Touching Bananas, Cucumbers to Avoid 'Sexual Thoughts'
Ricin Suspect Described As Conspiracist, Elvis Impersonator
Apple hopelessly trying to stay afloat by giving their fans promise that the next big thing is a 15% thinner ipad.
Star Tribune places pressure cooker ad below story about Boston bombs - Minneapolis - News
$500 worth of Chips and Dip STOLEN
Three Emirati Men Ejected From Saudi Arabian Festival By Religious Police 'For Being Too Handsome'
Chips and salsa worth $500 stolen from Exeter storage unit
[Update] Those pictures from Anonymous identifying the Boston bombers: verified by police
Courageous Senators Stand Up to American People
Texas lawmaker suggests Asians adopt easier names
Three men deported from Saudi Arabia for being 'too irresistible to women'
Saudi Arabia deports irresistible men deemed "too handsome" to women.
Semen Has Anti-Aging Benefits? If Heather Locklear Says So... (VIDEO)
Note to homeowners: when ridding property of snakes, don't set them ablaze
South Korean network bans Psy 'Gentleman' video for disrespecting traffic cones
two-ton historic bell falls on tourist, trapping him under it.
Parents Ditch Diapers for Au Naturel Toileting Trend
Aussie presenter suggests possible link between Irish Catholics, Boston Bombing & Thatcher WTF
Man testifies he'd been 'murdered' the night wife cut off penis
Cop in slow McDonald's line accused of aiming gun at customer ahead of him
Paraguayan Politician Threatens To Shoot Own Testicles If Son Marries Another Man
Goat accused of robbery.
In ricin case, Elvis impersonator is charged with threatening president
Liberty University Professor says homosexuality caused by toxins released from porn videos
New tech helps Icelanders avoid accidental incest
Stanley Wilkinson, Rochester pastor, won't serve time for shooting, almost killing granddaughter
Foursquare Asks Users For Boston Marathon Feedback
China censors the word 'censorship'
Texas Teacher Denies Fondling First-Grader, Says She's Too Racist to Molest a Black Student
Model Scouts Target Girls Outside Eating Disorder Clinic
Korean Woman Sues CVS After Receipt Lists Her Name As 'Ching Chong'
New app helps Icelanders avoid accidental incest
The Most Deranged Sorority Girl Email You Will Ever Read
Judge holds self in contempt for his smartphone
Canada sets up taxpayer-funded food truck in Mexico
Ottawa sets up taxpayer-funded food truck in Mexico to promote Canadian cuisine (whatever that means)
Croatian Coach Arrested And Fired After Stealing Player's Credit Card To Buy 36 Bottles Of Jagermeister
Homeless Man Lives in a Grave for 15 Years
In Iceland, an App to Warn If Your Hookup Is a Relative
Tennessee lawmaker passes resolution to honor himself
Pressure cooker maker: Our pots "not intended" for bombs
Arrest Made After Oates Bites Hall's Face
Gun Control Advocate on Senate Vote: "Bribery isn't what it once was"
Cop pulls gun on driver in McDonald's drive-thru because the line wasn't moving fast enough
The boy obsessed with vacuum cleaners: Lane, 9, owns 17 Henry the Hoovers. But despite his enthusiasm, he is not very good at cleaning.
An Elvis impersonator from Mississippi has been charged with sending a letter containing suspected ricin to US President Barack Obama
Teen: I Am Not the Boston Marathon Bomber
Referee sues Kenyan FA over testicle attack
Condo building protested as threat to 'drug market'
Tennessee State Sen. Jon Lundberg (R) sponsored and passed a resolution to honor himself
Tsunami boat lifts spirits in Japan
Boston marathon runner returns home to Texas to witness plant explosion
North Jersey Hoarder Found Partially Mummified Among Trash, Animal Feces
ACLU: Detroit Police Dumping Homeless Outside City
Elvis impersonator charged with threatening Obama in ricin case
Tricks for Dependable Applying for With regard to A No Credit Check Loan
TN lawmaker passes resolution to honor himself
Texas Teacher Invokes the 'I'm Too Prejudiced Against Blacks To Touch One' Defense in case of child indecency.
Poop in space revisited: Apollo 10's floating turds pop up 44 years later
Jennings man shot uncle to death over pork steaks
Newest Psy video gets banned from Korean TV due to jaywalking
Man cited for jogging backwards
E-mail error ends up on road sign
B4-4 finally admit "Get Down" was about blowjobs
Man Narrowly Misses Boston Marathon Bomb, Then Narrowly Misses Texas Fertilizer Plant Explosion
Chipotle Is Aggressively Testing A New Menu Item
Gummy Bear trail leads Auckland Police to thief
Man Sues Derrick Rose For Missing 2013 Season
KBS Puts a Ban on Psy's 'Gentleman' MV (Have a guess why!)
Highgate tortoise who defied Hitler comes back from the dead
Surgeon prescribes Brian Eno to patients
Kansas legislator tries to ban sustainable energy.
Germany's Next Top Models Get Head Lice
Beaver escaping higher water
Hitler Burns Gay Son
A cordless phone for your mobile phone (x-post from /r/android)
"At the direction of authorities, select DDs in the Boston area are open to serve law enforcement, first responders" @DunkinDonuts
Baby's Latest: Going Diaperless
New app helps Icelanders avoid incest
A chicago bulls fan is suing Derrick Rose for missing the 2012-2013 season because it made him fat and depressed
Grassley: Immigration reform could make terrorists 'eligible for benefits'
Rich women target top students for kids.
Gay Sex No Longer a Crime in Montana
Fraudclosure Settlement Checks sent to Victims Bounce
Cop pulls gun over slow line at McDonald's
Lawmaker passes resolution to honor himself
Georgia Police Officer Allegedly Pulls Gun On Teen At McDonald's Over Slow Line
New App Helps Icelanders Avoid Kissing Cousins
At cops' request, Dunkin' Donuts stays open in Boston
Remember how small your Nokia cell phone was in 1998? Is your current phone too big? Why not buy a phone for your phone?
Lt. Gov. Sells Michigan to the Netherlands
Dunkin' Donuts In Certain Boston Areas Stay Open To Serve Police During City Lockdown
FRC Blames 'Sexual Liberalism' and 'Family Breakdown' for Mass Murders
Boy Scouts proposal: let in gay youth, keep out gay adults
Czech Ambassador Clarifies: His Country And Chechnya 'Are Two Very Different Entities'
Statement of the Ambassador of the Czech Republic: "The Czech Republic and Chechnya are two very different entities "
Juror Jailed For Texting During Trial
Some Charges Tossed in 'Animal Snuff' Case
Pushing back against the Librarian Lobby
Quick thinking at its finest (x-post r/funny)
Al Qaeda Urges Terrorists To Buy Guns In U.S.: It's Easy; Gun Laws Are Weak
8th grade student suspended, arrested over gun t-shirt
Falafel: The Gateway Food
Taste of beer alone triggers happy brain chemicals Taste of beer alone triggers happy brain chemicals
Taste of beer alone triggers happy brain chemicals
Model scouts recruit outside of eating disorder clinics.
admissions office worker rejects white males
Facebook gifting history is a tell tale sign of terrorism
The student who caught out the profs of austerity
saudi arabia opens luxury religious extremist rehab centre for al-qaeda militants
A Crazy day In MYY Crazy House hey!!!!!!
Hovering helicopter 'gravely offensive'
Czech ambassador clarifies that Czech Republic is not Chechnya
Newcastle United football fan pulled from jury after admitting he could not give a man from Sunderland a fair trial following last week's 3-0 defeat...
Father and son 'threaten fast food restaurant with AK-47 in row over chicken wings'
Czechs: we're not Chechens
Clerk laughed at bandit and just said 'no'' while being robbed
Chinese man puts eel in anus, turns out to be bad idea
Macy's has sale on pressure cookers, half price all week
One bombing suspect loved pot and Obama, the other was married
CNN quits breaking news, becomes 'CNN Classic', will instead re-run news stories of the past "that we know we got right."
Stonehenge Was Ancient Rave Spot
Beck Gives Obama Till Monday to Admit Boston Bombing was Inside Job
Czech Republic: We're Not Chechnya
Study suggests that men with monotoned voices are irresistible.
Student found responsible for raping a woman was given the punishment of writing a five-page book report (xpost)
8,000 suspected pot cookies found in White Rock home. 'It was a bit like a bakery in there'- RCMP
Governor LePage: Maine Wind Turbine Runs On 'A Little Electric Motor That Turns The Blades' | ThinkProgress
Beer Pong Balls Teeming With Germs
One Night Stand Goes Awry in Lockdown Boston
Fan sues Derrick Rose for not returning from injury, claiming this led to his emotion distress and obesity
Fan sues Derrick Rose for not returning from injury, claiming this led to his emotional distress and obesity
Google Inactive Account Manager Lets Users Plan the 'Digital Afterlife'
Zooey Deschanel Was A Boston Bombing Suspect, According To Fox News
Sperm Quality Higher In Men Wearing Kilts Without Underwear
Want more powerful sperm? Ditch your underpants
Boston Lockdown traps one-night-stand couple together
Don't sit around trying to rationalize it, or figure out its root causes: Harper slams Trudeau for response to Boston bombing
Why Kim Jong-un deserves the Nobel Peace Prize
Father And Son Don't Get Their Chicken Wings, Return To Restaurant With AK-47
Man sent to jail for watching pixie sex
Mother Sends Son Named 'Jihad' To School In Bomb T-Shirt
The new Dutch National Anthem is 'so bad it turns you into a Republication"- New King drops it after 37,000 sign petition.
Official song for new Dutch king pulled after protests
Friends of accused Boston bomber got caught because their license plate said "Terrorista #1"
George W. Bush is victim of a rush to judgment
"This seems a bit ironical" GW
Zooey Deschanel Mistaken for Boston Bombing Suspect
Modelling scouts target anorexia patients
THE TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS HAVE MADE THE PLAYOFFS
Malawi: Madonna Go Home
China criticizes the US human rights record.
Pretty Much Everyone Looked Amazing At The GLAAD Media Awards
Zooey Deschanel Was A Boston Bombing Suspect, According To Local Fox Station's Closed Captions
San Diego cop smashes phone & beats up suspect: "Phones can be converted to a weapon. Look it up online."
Model Scouts Look for New Talent at Eating Disorders Clinic
Dead man killed in tragic train collision CAN be sued by woman injured by his flying body parts
B.C. Pot Grower Sues RCMP For Bust
School dominated by black and Asian pupils will lead to a "sexual volcano", warns Tory councillor
Jean Segura steals second [base], then steals first
Zooey Deschanel Misidentified as Boston Marathon Bombing Suspect by Fox
At cops' request, Dunkin' Donuts stays open during Boston lock down
State settles for $19,000 in heart-shaped balloon popping incident
Nestlé Chairman: Water Not a Right, Should Be Given a 'Market Value' and Privatized
Scientists Think Aliens Embedded Message in Our Genetic Code, Like, for Real
CNN Releases Photos Of 3 Obese Mexican Women Suspected In Boston Bombing
Toddlers are 'running around with no sense of purpose' says outspoken Conservative
Never makin the Front page with this quality..
Manhunt for Boston Bombing Suspect Ended When He Meekly Lifted His Shirt
Men are stripping to the waist, scribbling slogans on their body, holding hands and demonstrating across France against gay marriage.
The Alzheimer's Bus Stop... to Nowhere
Florida man saves child by punching alligator into submission
DJ 'killed a man after waking up at party to find penis drawn on his face'
Woman snaps photo of ghost on cellphone - and he's wearing a pink Seventies style suit
AJ Clemente Drops the F-bomb on His First Night as TV Anchor
Skydiving Cats Causes Uproar
22 Mexicans Caught in a High Speed Chase with Border Patrol in Arizona
Nakanoshima Hotel Lets Guests Sleep Inside A Public Bathroom
Haizhu Bridge in Guangzhou Smeared with Butter to Stop Suicides
Spanish Anarchists Sent an Explosive Box of Sex Toys to Catholic Leaders
Assault leaves ref impotent
Forcing a religion on your children is as bad as child abuse, claims atheist professor Richard Dawkins
He said what? Naughty anchorman drops 'F------ s---' live on air - his FIRST DAY ON JOB
Marseille bus drivers plane strike over too tight uniform pants
Toddlers becoming so addicted to iPads they require therapy
Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan ordered to return danger pay
North Korea Asks Mongolia for Food Aid
While Kate & Prince William Prepare for Parenthood, You Can Knit Your Own Royal Baby
Brooklyn Food Co-op Considers Banning ObamaCare-Hating Soy Milk Company
'Grown-Ass Man' Builds Olive Garden Menu Fort to Hide from Girlfriend
Modeling Agents Recruit Outside Swedish Eating Disorder Clinic.
'Friends' Reunion Rumors Cause Internet Frenzy
Colombian man tries convincing authorities he's not dead
A New Zealand man has been jailed for watching cartoons of elves, pixies and other fantasy creatures having sex.
The cinnamon challenge: Just say no, pediatricians warn
Bomb technicians Investigate Super Mario-Styled Box
Paralysed Man Learns to Orgasm Through Thumb
Justin Bieber fans 'convert to Islam' to win concert tickets on Norwegian TV
Elvis impersonators all shook up over accused ricin letter-sender - In the Loop
Students push for campus tour to include slave quarters hidden behind President's Mansion
AMC Greenlights New Unscripted Series Owner's Manual
Boy Scouts' proposal says it's OK to be gay-until you're 18
Office Dick Bonesteel Arrest Machete and Whiskey-Wielding Man In Flare Gun Attack
Officer Dick Bonesteel Arrest Machete and Whiskey-Wielding Man In Flare Gun Attack
Rotterdam [muncipality] wants to grow weed themselves
College "racist graffiti" that was protested investigated - it was left over from a minority seminar (X-post)
Michael Bay Apologizes for Armageddon
Teachers told they must not use red ink for marking homework in case it upsets pupils
Fox News: "Fox News is an Evil Man"
Fox News: "Mr. Rogers is an Evil Man"
Kenyan soccer referee sues federation after having testicles pulled by coach
Too close for comfort? French bus drivers striking over new skintight uniforms
Man's Thumb Has Become His 'Surrogate Penis' After Accident Left Him Paralyzed
Disabled squirrel named Winkelhimer learns to express herself through painting
As Injuries Rise, More Calls to Refuse The 'Cinnamon Challenge'
Police confiscate TWO POUND joint.
2-Pound Joint: UC Santa Cruz Police Confiscate Marijuana
Banana, Lobster Accused Of Stealing $1,000 Sculpture (VIDEO)
Pastor stole church member's underwear to 'pray for her'
Bethlehem Marathon Can't Find 26.2 Miles Of Contiguous Land
Drunken Florida woman calls 911 because she was lonely
FBI did not know Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev went on Russia trip in 2011 because his name was misspelled.
Job seekers getting asked for Facebook passwords
Brian Eno's Music Prescribed to Patients Who Need to Chill Out
Man dies after pea trapped in lung diagnosed as cancer
Big foot found in woods sparks new Bigfoot mystery | The Sun |News
Run, Hide or Fight: 11 Tips to Survive Shooting
Chechen Leader Uses Instagram to Deny Boston Connection
Terrorists torch mistaken target
11 Tips to Survive a Mass Shooting
LOCAL - All autistic children are atheists and atheism is a form of autism, says association head
Women flock to take horse semen shots
Paralysed man learns to have orgasms with his thumb
Nike Reportedly Scrambling to Remove 'Boston Massacre' Shirts from Shelves
Czech Republic to Americans: We are not Chechnya
Dispatchers Say Two Men Stabbed During Fight Over "Kool-Aid"
Booming Sales of Novelty Helmets Boost Toll of Motorcycle Deaths
Master Bedroom vs. Owner's Suite
Repeat sex offender sent back to jail after drinking beer.
NYPD: Pedestrian Killed Himself by Running into Stopped Police Cruiser
Strangers Donate Dream Wedding to Bride With Cancer
Sheriff Rules Out Homicide, But Not Spontaneous Combustion After Autopsy
The toad is in custody at a police crime lab.
Anthony Weiner returns to Twitter
Valve refunds gamer uncomfortable with forced baptism in BioShock Infinite
Police use cigarettes to lure suspect out of house
Ebay president sent a letter out to customers saying that imposing online sales tax on small businesses like Ebay is a bad idea.
Low-IQ hitman appeals conviction
People smoking HIV medicine to get high
Sarah Palin calls for invasion of Czech Republic
Islamic City Council Ban Female Flatulence in Indonesia
Pizza Hut Adds Ordering App To Xbox
So this is a thing now. Wasn't sure whether to post it here or in WTF.
Liverpool striker Luis Suarez gets support from Mike Tyson after biting arm of Chelsea's Branislav Ivanovic
Jackson Twenty-One is developer Mitch Leigh's possible dream
Couple lets a second child die by praying for health instead of going to the doctor; violates probation.
A Composer's Dream: Housing for 'Nice' People
Under CISPA, employees may be forced to give employers Facebook passwords...
Pizza Hut launches Xbox app so gamers can order delivery from the console (x-post from r/gaming)
Firm launches lingerie line of lacy thongs, bras and teddies - just for MEN.
Is This Girl "Too Chunky" To Be An OKC Thunder Cheerleader?
NYC bar has a cocktail topped with 'red bull gushers'
After Unflattering Viral Photos, Beyonce Now Banning Pro Photographers (x-post from r/photography)
Pizza Hut launching Xbox 360 app that lets console owners order pizza from Xbox Live
Drunk Florida man admits shooting up public docks and then poops pants
Anti-war hipster joins war to be ironic.
Psychiatric patients given one way tickets to Los Angeles
In China, Breathing Becomes a Childhood Risk
Son of Local Dentist Featured in Readers Digest
NASA Faked the Moon Landing-Therefore, (Climate) Science Is a Hoax
Study Finds Free-Market Ideologues Doubt Climate Science, Yet Buy Conspiracy Theories
Cops confiscate biggest joint ever from 4/20 rally in Santa Cruz, owner threatens lawsuit.
Massachusetts woman sues over sex tape with Buddhist monk
Autistic Rapper Records Track on Perseverance in Brooklyn Studio
Boston lockdown forced guy to spend awkward day with one-night stand
Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn Declares Jesus "the Original Hipster"
Polls Show Growing Resolve to Live With Terror Threat
Citing Jewish presence, Al Qaradawi refuses to attend Doha INTERFAITH conference.
Modeling Scouts Are Recruiting Teenage Patients at Anorexia Clinics
Man arrested after board game turns violent
Mike Tyson on Luis Suarez, "He bit someone, it happens"
Brooklyn Charter School Targets Rich, White Parents, Enrollment Plan Shows
Would YOUR man wear frilly knickers? Firm launch lingerie line of lacy thongs, bras and teddies - just for MEN
School board removes 'Dr.' plaque after investigation
Woman sues Buddhist community members 'for leaking a secretly-recorded tape showing her having sex with a monk at their temple'
4 Pittsburgh firefighters sue over hearing loss from sirens
Cockfight Killing: Jose Luis Ochoa Killed By Armed Bird
Man Beats Up Attacking Crocodile, Escapes 'Death Roll'
California Man Attending a Cockfight Killed By Armed Bird
Alcoholic given job at family vineyard to help him get sober
Cockfight Killing: Jose Luis Ochoa Killed By Armed Bird [x-post: TIL]
Only Racism Can Prevent Terrorism, Says Idiot Congressman
Police called in over chess row after boy (16) accused of cheating.
Gardai called in over chess row after boy (16) accused of cheating
Ohio woman told she's too fat to tan
Muslim cleric refuses to attend inter-faith conference because Jews will attend
Megachurch pastor: Nagging wives are like Chinese water torture
Municipal council decides to review its mascot bylaw and ban giant foam bong for now
Missouri Republicans vote to stop issuing driver's licenses over gun records conspiracy theory
1-way Mars trip starts accepting astronaut applications
Gardaí [Irish Police Force] called in over chess row after boy accused of cheating.
BOMB SUSPECT INFLUENCED BY MYSTERIOUS RADICAL
Three juveniles detained after homemade bomb, made of vinegar and baking soda, explodes in San Diego
After 396 arrests, woman begs for parole: 'I'm gonna change'
Cops arrest man in Chinatown who shot flare gun at man with machete (bonus: responding officer's name is Dick Bonesteel)
Report: Boston Bombing Suspect Was A 9/11 Truther
Fashion industry recruiting outside of anorexia clinic
New Zealand: Conservative Party leader threatens to sue satirical website for 'big gay rainbow' article
Cops arrest man in Chinatown who shot flare gun at man with machete
Study: Women who wear makeup at the gym burn fewer calories
Abstinence Education Reallocation Act Seeks $550 Million To Keep Teens From Having Sex
Nevada Gives 1500 Mental Patients One-way Greyhound Tickets Without Food, Medicine, Housing, or Treatment Arrangements
What Game of Thrones Can Reveal About the Boston Suspect's Interrogation
Williams-Sonoma Pulls Pressure Cookers Off Shelves in Massachusetts
Mormon bishop with Samurai sword runs off attacker
Fashion industry reps caught recruiting at anorexia clinic
"Penmanship" is now "handwriting" as Washington state removes gender bias from statutes.
Teen Inspired By Movie 'Into The Wild' To Live Alone In Wilderness Missing
In Israel, new modesty glasses for Orthodox Jewish men blur women out of their line of sight
A fake tweet from the hacked Twitter account of Associated Press caused a sharp drop in US markets in afternoon trading.
North Carolina Senate blocks testing themselves when passing welfare drug testing bill
Firearm Safety Instructor At Salem Lutheran Church And School Accidentally Shoots Gun In Cafeteria
Supreme Court decides that deporting Jamaican for having pot is too ironic to be legal
Alex Jones - Juice Boxes are Making Kids Gay
Texas Man Carjacks Cab in Manhattan and Leads Police on a Chase to New Jersey.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an Alex Jones fan
Dad stabs son for turning tv volume down
Reddit's 'Find Boston Bombers' Founder Says 'It Was a Disaster' but 'Incredible'
House refuses to hear from CFPB Director Cordray because he makes them sad
Will.i.am Says He Accidentally Stole a Song
Justin Bieber's monkey staying put until singer gets in touch: German customs
Samurai sword-wielding Mormon bishop comes to aid of woman being attacked
Food allergies and playgrounds: Please don't bring snacks to playgrounds.
"The customer is sometimes wrong," says the Economist
Justin Bieber's Monkey Will Become Property Of Germany If Singer Does Not Produce Papers By May 17
RH Reality Check / By Jessica Mason Pieklo 110 COMMENTS School Principal Discouraged Teen Girl from Reporting Sexual Assault Because It Would Ruin Attacker's Basketball Career
Nortorf revokes honorable citizenship of Hitler.
Mars Rovers Enter Teen Years, Begin Drawing Penises on Everything
Samurai sword-wielding LDS bishop helps rescue assault victim
Tax agency demands frozen body burial
Will.i.am claims he "accidentally" stole a song
Man to sell Star Trek apartment.
Giant red ball goes on Paris sightseeing tour
Nasa Mars Rover Accidentally Draws Penis On Red Planet
Boston Bombing Amputee No Longer Fears 'Horrible Shin Splints'
Mormon Bishop prevents mugging with Samurai sword
Airline Refuses to Give Refund to Woman After her Fiance Dies
South park needs to parody this some how
NASA launches three smartphones into orbit
Mormon bishop with samurai sword saves neighbor from attack
NASA redfaced after Rover draws 'nude image'
Captioner apologizes for misidentifying Zooey Deschanel as Boston Marathon bombing suspect.
Nice throw: Authorities admire strong arm of vandal who chunked bong through window
Mark Sanford debates cutout of Nancy Pelosi
1 Inmate Impregnated 4 Guards At Md. Jail, Prosecutors Say
Man arrested for having big muscles
Woman Calls 911, Asks Police For Help Getting Refund From Her Drug Dealer
Black Jerseys Lead To More Penalties For NHL Teams, Study Finds
Samurai sword-wielding Mormon bishop comes to aid of Utah neighbor chased and attacked by stalker
Ukip leader nigel farage denies being 'anti-women' after saying he enjoyed strip clubs
Black man steals $10k worth of chicken wings, meat
Vanilla Ice "Goes Amish" in new reality TV series
Hamas Bulldozes UN-Designated Historical Site to Make Room for Terrorist Training Camp
Urban Outfitters Describes Its Customers as "Upscale Homeless"
What a Dick: NASA Rovers Draw Massive Penis on Mars
Testicles Squeezed To Death? Chinese Man Dies Of Shock
[Candidate for OH Governor] Ed FitzGerald: I Won't Sign Anything Unless My Name Is Capitalized Correctly
'Vanilla Ice Goes Amish' to Debut on DIY This Year
Man charged with sexual assault for being naked in own house.
Ricin-Laced Letter Suspect Speaks Out After Charges Against Him Are Dropped: 'I Thought They Said Rice'
Focusing On Prevention And Neuroscience, President Ends Reagan's War On Drugs
The National to Perform One Song Over and Over for Six Hours Straight at MoMA PS1 Performance
Mark Wahlberg visits a local high school and tellls the students that he's going back to high school
Promiscuous women cause earthquakes, Iran cleric says
People Believe Something on Twitter for Some Reason
Grandpa Charged After Baby Sold on Facebook - Cops say he hawked infant for $830, child was sold twice more
Samurai-sword wielding Mormon bishop saves woman from stalker attack
ACLU sues California for not inadequate English instruction
Music Journalist Seeking People Who Hate Daft Punk On Craigslist
Virgin America flights allow mile-high flirting
NASA red-faced after Curiosity Rover 'draws image of penis' on Mars
Dartmouth College Cancels Classes After Sexual Assault Protesters Receive Rape Threats
School Principal Discouraged Teen Girl from Reporting Sexual Assault Because It Would Ruin Attacker'
"Pussy" energy drink ads banned for being likely to cause serious and widespread offense
Pussy energy drink ads banned over 'sexually explicit reference' | Media
NBC plans a 12-day long 24/7 quiz show this fall!
Nigel Farage admits enjoying lap-dance club but denies being 'anti-women'
NY Times: We must respond to the Boston attacks by...passing a carbon tax
A woman who agreed to sex might still be the victim of rape
Late round prospect Tyrann Mathieu holding a party for when he gets drafted in the 1st round
Man has heavy addiction (x-post from r/funny)
Cardinal who covered up pedophilia says he forgives those who are mad at him
Woman Wakes From Coma, Announces She Wants to Go to a Bob Seger Concert
Donald Trump outs Jon Stewart as a Jew
Riding Along With a Towson University Student's 'White Patrol'
Police Chief Convicted of Standing Guard During Drug Deals Says Fake Cocaine Shouldn't Be Used Against Him
Pussy energy drink ads banned over 'sexually explicit reference'
Kansas Woman Discovers Circus Tiger in Bathroom
Feds spend at least $890,000 on fees for empty accounts
Minnesota school district gets bulletproof whiteboards
Man in Sweden given disability benefits for addiction to "Heavy Metal"
U.S. Treasury Secretary faces the challenge of improving his signature.
Failed Startup's Final Income Statements Reveal Grave Error
Pope Benedict 'relieved' he is no longer the Pope
Glenn Gruenhagen, Minnesota Rep, Introduces 'Ex-Gay' Friend Kevin Petersen At House Session
Illinois shootings: Suspect helped wounded girl after killing 5
Church group demands woman to have breast reduction due to her boobs being too distracting
Bear slain after killing donkey, pilfering peacock tail feathers
Samurai Sword-Wielding Mormon Bishop Fends Off Mugger
Connecticut Man Stabs Son Over TV Volume
If boys want to wear dresses, parents should back them.
Human Rights Watch has called for a global ban on 'killer robots'
MacIver Institute ideologues manage to turn lemonade into lemons
Chicago Woman Arrested 396 Times Since 1978
Tennessee now has a "Traditional Marriage Day"
Father And Son Pull AK-47 In Dispute Over Chicken Wings
New Jersey Teacher Fired for Urinating in Classroom
Soccer player tries to pay prostitute with iPhone, steals her purse, gets caught by transsexual
BBC News - Sex consent could still lead to rape charge
Superman fan's Christopher Dennis's 15,000 toys made wife take flight
Everything you ever needed to know about swallowing drugs or stuffing them up your butt
Reality show wants applicants to live on Mars (seriously).
Iranian Men Dress In Drag For Gender Equality
Plastic Surgery Nation: Chinese Man Sues Wife For Being Ugly, Wins
A hidden world, growing beyond control
George W. Bush: 'Painting has Changed My Life'
In Virginia's Fairfax County, Robbing Banks for the CIA
Archbishop prays while topless gay activists shout curses and douse him with water
Piece of skull goes missing after surgery
Less democracy makes for an easier World Cup - Valcke
Gang leader impregnated 4 prison guards while running contraband scheme.
CNN - Dead soldier with 26 stab wounds declared 'suicide' by Army investigators
The picture of the man who is deported from Saudi Arabia for being too HANDSOME.
Police Officer has oral sex with prostitute, then arrests her
President of Macedonia comes to Canada, nobody notices
Obama's tattoo plan for the girls: 'Mommy and me will get the same exact tattoo'
I Was Detained and Interrogated at the Border for Carrying Condoms
NC Republicans approve drug tests for welfare, block tests for lawmakers.
Stop killer robots before it's too late, Human Rights Watch warns
Are there health benefits to eating a booger? University of Saskatchewan biochemistry professor is determined to find out
'Boston Bombers' Semi-Pro Basketball Team To Reconsider Name, Exploding Bomb Logo
Muslims have a problem. Uncle Ruslan may have the answer.
Confused anti-gay marriage politicians accidentally vote in favor of gay marriage
Barbara Bush on Jeb run: 'We've had enough Bushes' in White House
George W. Bush is smarter than you (x-post from /r/Conservative)
Four female prison guards impregnated by same inmate
Kansas man calls cops for help after he's unable to pay prostitute.
Sex with consent 'can still be rape'
Milwaukee police shoot man with knife who threatened suicide
Ryan Place, Bong Shop Owner, Under Fire For 'Bongy' Mascot
Memphis man, son don't like chicken order, pull AK-47
And So It Begins: Order Pizza Hut via Xbox Live
Elvis impersonator who was accused of ricin attacks was set up by a martial arts instructor/accused child molester/politician.
BBC News - Koala chlamydia: The STD threatening an Australian Icon
Missouri Republicans Vote to Stop Issuing Drivers Licenses
Guy allegedly tried to sell grandson on Facebook for drug money
Belgian archbishop prays while topless activists douse him with water
Swedish tourism board attempts to quash Chinese rumor of female-only town where lesbianism is rife.
Man robs beauty shop after getting eyebrows waxed
France: Confused Antigay Politicians Accidentally Vote For Marriage Equality
McDonalds hamburger purchased in 1999 looks the same after 14 years
Omar Borkan Al Gala identified as one of the men deported for being too handsome
Man Kicked Out of Saudi Arabia for Being 'Too Handsome'
Best-Selling Author Seeks Female Participant for Erotic Novel Research
Swedish police found drugs in Justin Bieber's tour bus
Saudi Arabia Reportedly Deports Men for Being 'Too Handsome'
Women-only town of Swedish lesbians 'does not exist'
BBC News - Stonehenge general manager sought
Colorado town considers requiring AK-47s and AR-15s in every home
Sen. Ryan McKenna's Proposal: Ban Seersucker Suits in Missouri (Kids 8 and Under Exempt)
Woman in China could face death penalty for killing man by crushing testicles
Lawmakers Suddenly Aghast That The Sequestration Law They Passed Actually, Like, Does Stuff
Man pay's with 30 euro note, gets change back.
The LCBO is the Most Condescending Drug Dealer Ever
Swedish man arrested for being to muscley.
California authorities target smuggling of bladders from endangered fish
Sarah Palin Parody Mistaken for Real News
Senate Judiciary Committee Votes That Accessing Your Email Should Require A Warrant
Senate Judiciary Committee Sides With American People: Votes That Accessing Your Email Should Require A Warrant
Pussy shaver strikes again
Woman wanted for manslaughter in Mississippi found after applying for work at a Tennessee police station
Cera struggled to reconnect with 'Arrested Development' role
George W. Bush outclasses Barack and Bill, without even trying
BBC News - Hyundai suicide bid car advert pulled after complaints
Shut Up or Get Out: PA City Punishes Domestic Violence Victims Who Call the Police
Jaguars 'Obsessed' by Calvin Klein Cologne
Tampa woman accidentally swallows $5,000 diamond at charity event
Picking your nose and eating it may be good for you
14-year-old McDonald's hamburger looks almost new
Former Model Kylie Bisutti Slams Victoria's Secret: 'I Felt Like a Piece of Meat'
Md. man gets 60 days in deaths of 33,700 chickens
Meet the "If Women Dress Like Sluts The Deserve to Be Raped" Troll
Texas teacher accused of fondling student says she doesn't like to touch black children
Prison inmate impregnates 4 correctional officers. 2 of which have his name tattooed on their bodies.
Tavon White, alleged leader of Baltimore prison gang, reportedly impregnated 4 female guards.
Woman claiming to be 'God' set car on fire at gas station
Killer escaped prison after being issued picture of master key to all locks
A CHL team's captain and owner are stuck atop a scissor lift until 300 season tickets are sold. It's been four days.
How do children below 18 have Facebook accounts: High Court asks govt to explain
Mike Tyson on Suarez: "He bit someone, it happens"
This Man Was Deported From Saudi Arabia For Being Too Sexy
Argument over Phish tickets may have led to murder-suicide.
These Are North Korea's 28 State-Approved Hairstyles
Sheep dead after drive-by shooting in Cambridge
Harper Admits He Saw Marijuana Once
Meet Winkelhimer: The disabled squirrel with a passion for painting
Man Searches For Pumpkin Boating Companions...
Is Omar Borkan Al Gala The Dubai Man Kicked Out Of Saudi Arabia For Being 'Too Handsome'?
Canterbury 'not gay enough'
Pee in the Dark to Avoid Cancer - Seriously, turning on light in the middle of the night seems to trigger something bad
High school bans rubbing against penises
Space harpoon plan to nail orbital garbage
Police feed teenagers KFC after they refuse to come down from roof
Chick-fil-A to Host Medieval Mother-Son Date Night
Store pulls monkey nuts from shelves over 'nuts warning'
Harvard Law School Offering "Tax Planning For Marijuana Dealers"
Wahlberg: For Boston I'd Bring Back The Funky Bunch
Korean teacher beats student then masturbates for some reason
Monkey Nuts withdrawn from sale after "contains nuts" warning label not printed on packaging.
BBC News - Store pulls monkey nuts from shelves over 'nuts warning'
Texas Cops Mistake Actual Weeds For Marijuana Plants
Williams-Sonoma Stores Pull Pressure Cookers Off Shelves In Boston Area
Kenya police: Bomb detectors not fake
Beyonce Bans Press Photographers From Mrs. Carter Show World Tour
Woman Found Hoarding 105 Cats In Small NY Apartment
Boise Police Seize Children of Marijuana Activists
Boy, 10, seen waving toy gun turns self in
'The Child Catchers': Evangelicals and the Fake Orphan Racket
Prison gang leader accused of impregnating four female guards.
'Frosty the Snowman' now banned in Washington state, replaced with gender-neutral 'Frosty the Snowfriend'
LSD-tripping Florida man claims to be God and asks police to cut off his penis
College's husky dog logo promotes rape, says student
Two Spanish men chopped off their own HANDS in £2million insurance scams - but get found out because they did it too well
Kenya Police: Our Fake Bomb Detectors Are Real
Oral sex can cause throat cancer
Why All Of New York City Smells Like Sex These Days
Everybody Poops -- Even Whales
Killer secret-agent dolphins go AWOL in Ukraine
German magazine ads feature sexting teens, kids acting like Nazis
All-Day Breakfast May Be in Our Future: McDonald's CEO
Termites eat millions at a bank in India
How the Real Housewives Have Made America Better -by Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Microsoft releases Android app called "Switch to Windows Phone"
Murder-suicide over Phish concert tickets.
The Amazon Rainforest Wants Its TLD Back
Fox's Eric Bolling: "I Don't Remember Any Terrorist Attacks On American Soil" Between 2000 And 2008 | Video
Vaccine developed to fight gut bacteria and autism symptoms
The Amazon Rainforest Wants Its TLD Back from Amazon.com
US schools weigh bulletproof uniforms: 'It's no different than a seatbelt in a car' (x-post r/politics)
Obama calls Harper a "large lump"
Report: Department of Homeland Security Spent Money on Zombie Simulation
Picky Penguin Has Love Affair with Zookeeper
Canada indicted by China, Russia, Iran at UN rights review
If You Didn't Buy It From Amazon It Doesn't Count as Reading, Says Amazon (from /r/books)
Monkey nuts withdrawn from sale for lack of 'may contain nuts' warning
'Ex-Gay' Activist Reportedly Gay Again
'Ex-Gay' Activist Who Was The Poster Boy For Conversion Therapy Is Reportedly Gay Again
Young woman distracted by her cell phone walks into the gap between two subway cars. Dies.
Police hunt men who stole sandwich
University of Virginia doctoral candidate plagiarizes in business ethics journal, but remains in program
Trauma drove woman to cut off husband's penis
White House joins Tumblr, promises 'there will be GIFs'
Judge holds self in contempt for his smartphone - WXOW News 19 La Crosse, WI
Would-be squirrel-killer injured after taping bullet to BB gun, police say
Mike Tyson: Ex-Girlfriend Cooked and Ate My Pigeon : People.com Mobile
Woman with Cat Tattoo Sought for Dog Theft
Heineken WOBO: a beer bottle brick for building eco-homes
Rep. Hank Johnson on helium debate: 'Imagine a world without balloons' (VIDEO)
Campaigners call for ban on "killer robots"
Petrol-doused man dies in fireball after police use Taser gun
Obama 12-Minute Speech to Planned Parenthood Time for 7.6 Abortions at Planned Parenthood
2nd child of Pa. couple dies after only praying
Woman dies after heavy-set police officer site on her
Washington Republicans file bill to legalize discrimination against LGBT people
Canterbury Man Searches For Pumpkin Boating Companions...
Man Takes Acid, Asks Police to Cut Off His Penis
Japanese woman dies after a heavy-set police officer sits on her (x-post /r/worldnews)
Japanese woman dies after a heavy-set police officer sits on her
CBS Houston Wants to Know How Fat You Think This Cheerleader is
Mets-Phillies game delayed because umpire Brian O'Nora swallowed his chew
Schools 'should teach how to view porn', sex forum says
Deported for ''Being Too Handsome'
Texas inmate shouts 'Wow' during execution
Police 'Taser Fireball' Death Investigation
Psychedelic drugs still popular
US schools weigh bulletproof uniforms: 'It's no different than a seatbelt in a car' | World news
Our Economy Is Growing! Our Deficits Are Shrinking! We're Creating Jobs On A Consistent Basis!
Bags of Nuts Recalled for Failing to Disclose the Presence of Nuts
Tourist faces death penalty in North Korea for attempting to overthrow government by taking photos of homeless children.
Booths Recalls 'Monkey Nuts,' Didn't Disclose That Product Contained Nuts
Man Continuously Updates His Facebook During 16-Hour Standoff With The Police
Manti Te'o Thought Call During NFL Draft From Chargers Was Prank by Friends
Office of Anti-Gay Bill Sponsor Reportedly Argues That "Gay People Can Just Grow Their Own Food" If Stores Won't Serve Them
Heroic pizza guy delivers pizza on foot after being carjacked
'A spectacle of hypocrisy and farce': North Korea, Iran attack Canada's human rights record at UN forum
I'm too sexy for Saudi Arabia: Actor Omar ordered out of country because his good looks would drive women to distraction
Obama hid 'gay life' to become president
Microwaving pizza leads to immigrant bust
Sun TV's abandonment of principles is TV comedy gold
Apple has been hit with a fine in China after being found to have illegally distributed copyrighted materials
Mom told 9-year-old son he had cancer, collected thousands in donations
Woman calls cops to report that kittens are having sex in her yard
Woman says Anne Frank diary is porn (x-post from r/books)
X-post: books: WTF? --> "Gail Horalek says Anne Frank diary is porn, fights to pull it from school"
Gail Horalek says Anne Frank diary is porn, fights to pull it from school
Man with Tourette syndrome not allowed on flight after saying 'bomb'
1,360-acre Indian Jungle Single-handedly Planted By One Man
String of terror incidents no reason to 'commit sociology'
Teenagers jailed for murdering homeless man for a dare
Omar Borkan Al Gala, deported from Saudi for being too handsome.
Teacher fired for allegedly urinating in classroom calls actions against him "humiliation"
Congressman Hank (the island will tip over) Johnson pleads to save birthday balloons and helium.
Field hockey player dies of snake bite - after deciding to go for a run
Roger Tullgren Says His Heavy Metal Addiction Gets Him Disability Payments
Mom says Anne Frank's 'Diary' is porn, fights to pull it off school
Karl Rove Ranks Bush's Presidency Somewhere 'Up There,' Just Below Washington, Lincoln, Reagan, FDR
Bill Clinton jokes about wanting George W Bush to paint him naked
Physical excercise prevents you becoming gay, claims UK councillor candidate
George W. Bush has saved more lives than any American president
Ace of Base's Secret Nazi Past
House to tackle black magic in law revision
Ringling Bros. Elephant Shot in Mississippi Drive-By
Indonesia teens accused of blasphemy over Maroon 5 dance
Scrotum surgery leaves Las Vegas man 132 pounds lighter
Reward offered in drive-by shooting of Ringling elephant in Mississippi
Obama's Hip-Hop BBQ Didn't Create Jobs
China rapidly becoming global climate change leader
Shortage of pizza-makers as Italians are too proud
Budweiser cup makes toasting drinkers instant friends on Facebook
With few other outlets, inmates review prisons on Yelp
RG III does jumping jacks for fans
President Obama Plays Daniel Day Lewis in White House Skit
Sports blogger criticizes NBA cheerleader for "chunkiness"
Segway company owner James 'Jimi' Heselden dies after riding a Segway off cliff
18 year old kid burns his mother's house after having an argument with his relatives.
Man's life takes a wrong turn at Albuquerque
Cosmo's latest dating advice: "Cheated on your boyfriend? Don't tell him!"
Facebook confuses an elbow with a nipple
Lakers give Staples Center fans white towels before must-win Game 4 vs. Spurs
Girl, 14, forced to become pregnant with donor sperm bought by mother | UK news
Animal-rights activists wreak havoc in Milan laboratory; years of data lost, rescued animals die outside lab
Ant mega-colony takes over world
Army Says No To More Tanks, But Congress Insists
Scientists create first glow-in-the-dark sheep
Inmates Reviewing Prisons on Yelp
Pierre Poilievre: 'The Root Cause Of Terrorism Is Terrorists'
Meet the world's first glow-in-the-dark sheep
Snakes Invade Mississippi Courthouse
Woman fresh out of patience calls 911 for divorce
Former Bush aide shames Congress: More worried about airport delays than dead kids
Dad allegedly put meth in his kids' cookies to sink wife's custody fight
Stray Dogs Master Complex Moscow Subway System
Battle of the Hate Groups: KKK Takes on Westboro
Man with tourettes not allowed to board plane after saying "bomb" (X-post /r/news)
Ed Balls, ladies and gentlemen...Ed Balls. Ed Balls. Ed. Balls.
Gay man dislikes anal sex
Waterhouse v Singo: WTF is going on?
I'm a gay man who doesn't like anal sex
Israeli forces uproot more than 700 olive trees
Girl, 14, forced to become pregnant with donor sperm bought by mother
UConn's husky logo promotes rape, says student
John McCain: If We Don't Invade Syria, They'll Hate Us For Not Invading Them
Iraq shuts down 10 television channels
Wife accidentally kills husband during gun lesson: Police
North Korea to build replica of Big Ben in Pyongyang
George W. Bush: Great President, Even Finer Man.
Man stabs choir members at end of church service
Not Taking it Anymore: One Woman Talks Back to Street Harassers
Prosecutors Drop Charge Related to "Passing Gas" in DUI Case
Indian man dies during ponytail stunt.
Jigsaw maker in bits
Indian Stuntman Sailendra Nath Roy Dies After Travelling Via Ponytail On Zip Wire
US economy gets larger, thanks to Robot Unicorn Attack
Samsung says the Galaxy S4 design is 'like nothing you've ever seen before'
Wilcox County High School Students Hold First Racially Integrated Prom (PICTURES, VIDEO)
AFP: Fight on Everest sparks police probe
Entrepreneur Magazine Has Trademarked The Word "Entrepreneur" And Is Suing Some Businesses That Use It.
Spoiled Kid's Father Charged for Letting Him Drive a Ferrari
Women opting for surgery to get Michelle Obama's arms
Entrepreneur Magazine Has Trademarked The Word "Entrepreneur" And Is Suing Some Businesses That Use It (repost from /r/entrepreneur)
Guy Kills Cop But Not Criminally Responsible
Spider-Man swipes $6,000 from 89-year-old man.
Car Designer Working On Horseless Carriages
One hurt in self-inflicted shooting at Ohio high school
Parents can hire drug-sniffing dog to see if their kids have drugs
Eve online is getting a TV show based on player stories.
Guinness record holder dies tragically while repeating stunt
TTC improvements are not that impressive
Tulsa 2024 Olympics? Oklahoma's Second-Largest City Inquires About Hosting Games
Sudden downpour takes the wind out of poop art
NJ Driver's Ed/Health Supervisor Gets DWI
Elderly Couple Charged For Playing Iron Maiden Until 4am. [x-post from r/metal]
Reward Offered in Bacon Burglary
William Daniel Lloyd injured hunting squirrel with BB gun
Former members of Congress to hear week of testimony about space aliens
Brooklynites Blame the G Train for Dating Disasters
'British Bake Off' squirrel causes Twitter storm - TV News
Lauryn Hill signs a five-song, $1 million deal with Sony to avoid prison
Squirrel with a massive cock makes the news
Something 'fishy' at Mianus River
Prisoners Review their Jail on Yelp!
Dem resolution warns climate change could push women to 'transactional sex'
Def Leppard sponsor under 10s Rugby team.
DJ who killed a friend with single punch after a row over penis face cartoon is cleared of manslaughter
Man on horrible date builds menu fort at North Carolina Olive Garden
Iowa Lawmakers Seek to Penalize Judges for Ruling
Karzai Acknowledges Cash Deliveries by C.I.A.
Japan and Russia want to finally end World War II, agree it is 'abnormal' not to
Gail Horalek Calls "The Diary of Anne Frank" 'pornographic' in Northville, Michigan
Research Confirms You Can't Be Too Rich
With few other outlets for complaints, inmates review prisons on Yelp
Dog Owners Dress Up Their Posh Pooches With 'Tattoos'
97% of Game Dev Tycoon players pirated the game - then complains the game is too hard because of piracy (x-post /r/gaming)
97% of Game Dev Tycoon players pirated the game - then complains the game is too hard because of piracy
The head of the House Committee on Science does not understand how science works
Washington State Staffer: Gay People Should 'Just Grow Their Own Food' To Deal With Discrimination
Botswana President Ian Khama wounded by cheetah
Indie devs released a game that lets players sim making games, and added a cracked version that frustrates players because they can't make any progress because of cracking.
Martha Stewart to date online, seeks man for bed, breakfast
Volunteer firefighter charged with arson in Reno County
Columbia Students Prefer Cheese To Oral Sex, 'Senior Wisdom' Analysis Finds
GOP To Exhume Johnny Carson, To Investigate Possible Terrorists Ties
How can I give my marriage the attention it needs while I'm having an affair?
New Hampshire Man Loses Life Savings On Carnival Game
Gaza police shaving heads of young men in crackdown on western fashion.
Website Wants New Canaan to Be SugarDaddie.com, U.S.A.
Totally True Stories: The Incredible Kim Jong-il and his Amazing Achievements Edition
Bill proposes stripping peer-review from science funding
RIVERSIDE: Dog owners seek $350,000 in 'Brad Pitt' killing
Anne Frank's Diary Too 'Pornographic' For 7th-Grade Students, Claims Michigan Parent
Company offers to pay $10M if New Canaan, Connecticut changes name to SugarDaddie.com, Connecticut
School's Mistake Sends Students To Prom On Wrong Night
Man Loses Life Savings On Carnival Game
Instagram reverses ban on @thatlookslikeadick after reviewing photos for penises
Moose leads VT police to marijuana growing operation [x-post r/vermont]
Moose leads VT police to marijuana growing operation
Justice Scalia Never Going to Another N.B.A. Game
Help Wanted: 6,000 Pizza Makers Needed in Italy (CNBC)
CMU Parade Controversy Over Naked Woman, Dressed As Pope
Why the Maple Leafs will win the Stanley Cup
Be bold this spring: Try a washed denim jumpsuit.
Billionaires Suffer as Tax Shelters Go Away
Naked protesters drench archbishop as he prays quietly
Florida Libertarian Joseph Wendt netted 43% of vote on platform to abolish his office
Miami WR Mike Wallace doesn't understand homosexuality, he tweets
Moose on the loose leads way to grow-op
The ugly face of student activism (UNSW opens a chocolate shop and gets accused of supporting Isreali war crimes.)
Kim Jong Un building 'mini world' with replica Big Ben and Eiffel Tower
Egyptian Men Now Able to Have Sex with Wives Up to 6 Hours After Their Death
Turkish sociologist declares that all children with autism are atheists and atheism is a form of autism
Money Buys Happiness and You Can Never Have Too Much, New Research Says
Ex-Mich. Rep. presides over hearings on extraterrestrials
Queensland Government Bans Chocolate, Saffron, Echinacea and Beer
Hyundai Ad Uses Suicide to Promote New Car, Causes Outrage and Sadness in the UK
Elderly couple have been charged with harassment for blasting Iron Maiden until 4 in the morning.
Quarterback Tim Tebow, known for his strong religious devotion, has been offered a job at the Lingerie Football League
Woman who has been arrested 396 times tells parole board she can change
NJ teacher to appeal firing for urinating in class
TSA held an elderly man because of a suspicious item in his pocket. The item was a Medal of Honor.
Man loses life savings on carnival game, wins banana with dreadlocks
Man Loses $2,600 Life Savings Playing Carnival Game - Wins Giant Rasta Banana
Police called after woman sees kittens having sex in her yard
LOL isn't funny anymore
Michelle Obama's Arms Are More Coveted Than Jennifer Aniston's, Inspire 4,000% Surge in Tricep-Centric Plastic Surgery
Democrats: Climate change could force women into prostitution
Games Company Releases Version For Pirates That Forces Them To Fail Constantly, Irony Lost On Pirates.
Woman Accidentally Swallows $5000 Diamond Prize
What happens when pirates play a game development simulator and then go bankrupt because of piracy?
Stubbs the cat celebrates 15th year as mayor of Alaska town Talkeetna
UK Cabinet Ministers surprised that the MoD cannot simply hack into Libya's air defence systems, like in movies
New Hampshire man blows life savings on 'Tubs of Fun' carnival game, wins stuffed banana
Are atheists more generous than Christians? This homeless man's experiment seems to suggest so
NYPD's Stop-and-Frisk Defense: We're Too Lazy
Mother Impregnates Teenage Daughter Through Artificial Insemination
In Japan, it's good luck when sumo wrestlers make babies cry
Man spends $2,600 on carnival game, leaves empty handed
Border Patrol struggles to measure what it can't see
NH man spends life savings on carnival game; wins giant banana
Monster mom charged for 4 murders!
Florida man arrested for burglary while masturbating with toy helicopter and salad
Iranian official: Jews used sorcery against Iran | JPost
Mexican official's daughter gets restaurant shut down over wrong table
Salt Lake City's NBC affiliate banishes Hannibal for being too violent
BlackBerry CEO Questions Future of Tablets
Worlds Dumbest Man Loses Life Savings On Carnival Game
Bride-to-be forces fiancé to also marry her 2 friends
Wisconsin-Green Bay coach accused of ridiculing player who pooped during workout
Man loses his life savings- $2,600- trying to beat a carnival game. Ends up winning a Jamaican stuffed banana.
Cubs' Nate Schierholtz Awaits World Series Ring
Man With Largest Penis Releases 'It's Too Big,' A Song About His Penis
Navy to Combat Drug Smuggling With Balloon on Really Long String
Man loses life savings on a carnical game
NYPD's Defense for Stop-and-Frisks: We Wanted to Get Cops Out of Their Cars
Free shotguns for residents in high crime neighborhoods
Henry Gribbohm Loses Life Savings At Carnival Game, Wins Stuffed Banana With Dreadlocks
New York Times Issues Correction Of Its Own Corrections Page
Man Loses Life Savings Playing Carn
Woman arrested after selling her daughter for Beyonce tickets.
Battleship New Jersey would like Gov. Christie to return its silverware
16 Sassy Tweets From The Nation's 16th Largest School District
Omaha Beef indoor football team offer Tim Tebow $75 a game to play for them.
Here's to our 1-year, no assault charges anniversary!
Central Park Afraid of Snakehead 'Frankenfish'
Omaha Beef indoor team offers Tim Tebow $75-per-game contract
Segregated prom tradition yields to unity
Samsung's Mediocre S4 Reviews Are Bad News for Apple
Man lost life savings trying to win Xbox in carnival game
Spider-Man Wanted By Los Angeles Police For Stealing $6,000 On Hollywood Boulevard
Man loses life savings on a carnival game, only has stuffed banana with dreadlocks to show for it
Man loses life savings playing carnival game
300 gallons of urine found in home
Friends remember girl killed in metro gap texting mishap
Times-Picayune to begin printing on days it doesn't print in order to provide "front-to-back newspaper reading experience"
Gazprom And State Of Nigeria Create Joint Venture Named "Nigaz"
Geno Smith reportedly fires agent after fall to N.Y. Jets
'Top Hooker' reality show ordered
Nigeria, Gazprom to Set Up Nigaz Joint Venture
Someone is suing the internet (pretty much reddit)
Police snap fugitive kangaroo crossing road in Lancashire
Rapper Receives Oral Sex From Fan On Stage, Keeps Rapping
Man loses $2,600 trying to win an XBOX at a carnival game. Files police report saying game is rigged.
Danny Brown Receives Oral Sex From Fan On Stage, Keeps Rapping
Miss Korea Contestants All Look the Same, Chinese Reactions
Police chief eats cake, cake was in fact laced with weed.
A NEW Hampshire man says he lost his life savings, on a carnival game and only has a stuffed banana with dreadlocks to show for it.
For Sale: Acre Lots on Moon With Earth View, $19.99
Man Loses Life Savings on Carnival Game, Wins Banana
Carpet cleaner left screaming in agony after his testicles were burned by 99p shower gel
N.H. man blows life savings on carnival game, wins stuffed banana
NYC Realtor Offers Employees Pay Raise For Getting Inked With Company Logo
NH Man Loses Life Savings On Carnival Game
Florida Teen Girl Charged With Felony after Science Experiment Goes Bad
Ricin found in dojo of man charged with attempting to frame Elvis impersonator.
Man Tries To Win Xbox Kinect, Loses Life Savings
Nobel Prize-winning physicist plans to create "time crystals"
Facebook Rejects Ad Highlighting Zuckerberg Group's Support For Keystone XL
Man loses life savings at Carnival but wins giant banana with dreadlocks
Man Arrested for Having Drugs in Pocket Said the Pants Were Not His
Former lawmakers to hear testimony on UFOs, decide whether they exist
Starbucks barista labels cup 'Vagina' instead of 'Virginia'; Customer not pleased
Diary of Anne Frank too pornographic, mom says.
13 Democrats: Failing to fix climate change will drive women to prostitution
School's 'White Trash Wednesday' angers Federal Way parents
Beezow Doo-Doo Zopittybop-Bop-Bop arrested - US news
Man digs tunnel to make it more convenient to get to the local mall
Government can't decide who is poor, so 14000 houses for the poor remain vacant
Government can't decide who is poor, so 14000 apartments for the poor go vacant for 5 years
UKIP candidate suspended over 'Nazi salute' insists he was 'reaching for a friend's phone'
Beastiality Billboard to be Removed
Armless driver seeks apology, vows to fight ticket for not wearing a seatbelt
Pig Hams it up in the Fish Pond
Man Loses Life Savings Playing Carnival Game, Wins Giant Banana
UK Independence Party membership drive to include free golliwog
Ireland Legislates For Limited Abortion After Death
School Reschedules Prom, Forgets to Tell Students
Airliner 'had narrow miss with UFO'
Richard Dawkins and God to star in 70s-style sitcom
Singh not suspended for taking deer antler
Climate change causes prostitution
Tennis seems ready for gay male, but none are out
Republicans: Obama Must Take Action in Syria So We Can Criticize Action He Took in Syria
Tim Tebow Gets $75-Per-Game Offer From Indoor League's Omaha Beef
Boy, 5, accidentally shoots and kills 2-year-old sister with kids' rifle
Banned baby names - Mafia No Fear, Anal and V8
Larry Flynt Endorses Mark Sanford for Congress: 'He's The Sex Pioneer of Our Time'
Man spends $2,600 (life savings) to win ~$100 Xbox Kinect at carnival (x-post r/xbox360)
BlackBerry sees 'absolutely phenomenal' demand for Q10
Two masked gunmen break into a highschool in rural Oregon and open fire on unsuspecting teachers. As teachers flee for their lives, they realize the gunmen are firing blanks. It was all a surprise drill for school safety.
Body of male pulled from pond is identified. He is a transgender. X-post from r/WTF
5-year-old kills his sister, 2, with 'My First Rifle'
GOP Census Bill Would Eliminate America's Economic Indicators
Liberal chick gets college kids to sign pressure cooker ban.
Man with Tourette syndrome kicked off JetBlue flight for saying 'bomb' over 100 times
Pregnant T-Mobile Employee Had To Clock Out to Use Toilet
Bankers Explain How They Cannot Possibly Live On $1 Million Pay
Man dies in kite-flying accident
CNN Head Suggests Covering More News for Ratings
Due to the decline in cigarette sales, some tobacco farmers are now growing chick peas to supply the growing demand for hummus (x-post from /r/news)
Armless Saskatoon man ticketed for not wearing a seatbelt he can't do up
New Boston suspects drove car with 'Terrorista #1' license plate
Ice cream man to rival: 'I own this town'
Arizona to re-sell guns purchased through buyback program
Judge Doubles Down On Double Entendres In Strip Club Case
Northville mother files complaint about passages in the unedited version of 'The Diary of Anne Frank'
Congressmen moves to ban seersucker suits.
Kentucky 5-year-old gets rifle as gift and shoots 2-year-old sister dead
Florida teen charged with felony for trying science
UKIP candidate: "Physical Education prevents people becoming gay"
Gun Barrel City, Texas: Every homeowner should own a gun
35 Scrabble player demands a strip search when a "G" goes missing during championship.
Scrabble player demands a strip search when a "G" goes missing during championship.
Police say 28-year-old undergrad threatened herself with rape in Facebook hoax
Man Loses Life Savings At Carnival Game, Wins Stuffed Banana With Dreadlocks
Police: Youths being robbed by knife-wielding 11-year-old
Man Angry Over Boston Bombings Breaks Jaw of 'F*cking Muslim' Iraq War Veteran
Court OKs Barring Smart People From Becoming Cops (Really)
Jones Soda Dishes Up Canadian Delicacy
Teen girl arrested for "science project gone bad"
Monkey nuts cleared off supermarket shelves because they may contain nuts
New line of chicken accessories released
Israel PM says 'conflict not about territory'
Woman embalmed, bronzed in favorite pew
Bad Bonus? Here's How to Break the News to Your Wife ...
Jamestown settlers ate 14-year-old girl, researchers say
Saskatoon Police ticket man with no arms for driving without seatbelt
Tickets at major trials can go for $200 or more
Florence Welch loses her hat to a gust of wind in blustery New York
Cops: Elderly couple blasted Iron Maiden to take revenge on neighbor
Bank Robber Corey Donaldson Argues at Trial That He Gave Money to the Homeless
5 year old shoots 2 year old sister to death with a gun he had gotten as a gift
Man wins giant banana but loses life savings
Your Facebook Likes Won't Save Lives Says Powerful New UNICEF Campaign
After parents attempt to give their children names such as "Anal" and "Mafia No Fear," New Zealand releases a list of 71 banned names
Rob Kardashian Beat Up A Photographer Because She Took A Shirtless Pic Of Him
French bus drivers to go on strike in protest over their new uniform because the trousers are too TIGHT
Zero Tolerance Watch: Teen Faces Felony Charges for Science Experiment
School Suspends 33 Students for Twerking
Grilled rat sellers earn millions - YUM!
16-Year-Old Girl Arrested and Charged With a Felony For Science Project Mistake
Man Stabs Friend During Threesome For Not Changing Positions
Florida Man Phones 911 Dozens of Times to Order Kool-Aid and Weed
Emmett Till's Family Responds to Lil Wayne Apology
Dortmund chairman locked himself in toilet during Real Madrid finale
St. John's 1st professional wingman helps newcomers socialize
Worker dies in blender at Oregon meat plant
Frosty start to NY ice cream truck season: Sno Cone Joe accused of harassing Mr. Ding-A-Ling
Giant 40,000-piece jigsaw collapses
Plastic bags, tape, broomsticks fix San Onofre (Nuclear Power Plant) leak.
Complaints arise over University of Connecticut logo because student thinks it looks like the "rape meme" insanity wolf.
Cops: Snow Cone Joe stalked Mr. Ding-A-Ling in ice cream truck turf war
Superheroes help Seattle Police Department stop Mayday protesters
Obama: Jason Collins "7-foot-tall and can bang with Shaq"
Deaf parents accused of killing crying baby
Man's 132 pound scrotum is finally removed!!!
NBC Affiliate Has No Clue Which Rapper Just Died So They're Basically Guessing.
Pope Francis almost kisses crying baby
New Washington State Law Bans Words 'Penmanship,' 'Freshman,' 'Fisherman' as Sexist
Parents lose custody of child named 'Adolf Hitler'
Ice cream man reportedly threatens rival vendor over turf war
Down syndrome man sues for $18 million over meme
Could eating boogers benefit your health?
The city where dancing is against the law- Tokyo
Matt Cassel: I taught Tom Brady everything on Patriots
Following Sorcery-Related Killings, Papua New Guinea Mulls Firing-Squads
Adam Holland's family sues after 'devastating' Down Syndrome meme
Seattle Is Overrun With People Who Dress Up Like Superheroes and Cause Trouble
Principal fires security guards to hire art teachers and transforms elementary school.
Man calls 911 for weed, Kool-Aid
Man ticketed for not wearing seat belt. Has no Arms.
Students at Melbourne University protest over 'sexist' cupcake promotion.
Man Assaulted Boss With Chicken Tenders After Being Fired From Burger King
Bomb scare turns out to be a stack of phone books
Bomb scare turns out to be phone books left outside building
Walking spoiler Sean Bean Stabbed In Bar Fight, Orders Another Drink.
Accuracy in Media blames marijuana for Boston Marathon bombing
Parkham WI embarrassed by dressing as pirates for talk by former Somali pirate hostage
Cliff Kincaid blames marijuana for Boston Marathon bombing
Man loses $2,600 in carnival game, wins stuffed banana
Firearm-Safety Instructor Resigns after Accidentally Firing Gun in School Cafeteria
Sno Kone Joe Charged in I-Scream War With Mr. Ding-A-Ling
Cops: L.I. Man Charged With Stealing Ice Cream Cone From Valley Stream Carvel
Armed Citizen Project To Provide Poor Houston Residents With Shotguns
Rapper gets blow job onstage, but was it sexual assault?
Suspicious backpack in NJ yields bird in coconut
Bombers turn up too late for rally
Man, 59, Steals Ice Cream Cone, Punches Store Worker: Police
Basketball Star Refuses To Pay Child Support- Thinks Ex-Wife Might Spoil Their Kids
Times Square Cookie Monster Rejects Plea Deal Over Allegedly Shoving Child
At SickKids, genetic medicine offers hope for boy with rare condition
Long Island man punches ice cream cashier for not taking coupon, police say
Ice-cream truck operators accused of stalking, harassing rival
Illinois Senate Passes 'Puppy Lemon' Legislation
Medical records show Hitler took semen injections and farted uncontrollably
New York Ice Cream Truck Rivalry Descends Into Turf War From The Wire
Gorillas to be released in Kentucky Woods
Belief in biblical end-times stifling climate change action in U.S.: study
Pregnant T-Mobile Employee Forced to Take Vacation Time to Use Bathroom, Fired Over 12 Cent Error
Obese wiener god gets tummy tuck
Obese wiener gets tummy tuck
Employees Get Tattoo of Company Logo For Pay Raise
Women's Institute welcomes piracy victim wearing eye patches and waving plastic cutlasses
Obese wiener dog gets tummy tuck
The Yankees' DL Has The 15th-Highest Payroll In Baseball
The soldiers went on a rampage. Because, you know, that's what soldiers do in Nigeria. It's really crazy here.
Lice-infested women went 'shopping' at Walmart
Cops: Sno Cone Joe stalked Mr. Ding-A-Ling
Mitt Romney's advice to college grads: start having babies as soon as possible
Seattle Superheroes Grapple With Anarchist Clowns and Fend off Vicious Silly String Attack
Cop Fired after DUI Accident Sues City for $6 Million Claiming Alcoholism 'Disability'
Man with no arms plans to fight seatbelt ticket, wants apology from police
Two Chinese kindergarten students die after rival school poisons yogurt
Duke OKs student health insurance coverage for sex reassignment
Masturbation Contest In China Held To Celebrate Safe Sex On World AIDS Day
DeShawn Stevenson Installs ATM In Kitchen
This man allegedly impregnated four of his guards while running a criminal empire from prison
'Cookie Monster' rejects plea deal in New York
Website Offers $2,600 For NH Man's Dreadlocked Banana
Woman's Police Mug Shot Drives Men Crazy, Prompts Marriage Proposals
Fabio Martinez Castilla: Abortion is Worse Than Child Rape, Says Mexican Archbishop
Michael Bloomberg Denied Second Slice of Pizza at Local Restaurant
Woman causes crash shaving bikini area while driving
Jewish People Drink Blood
Duke University hikes student fees to pay for sex-change surgeries
Body found in chimney at Derby firm of solicitors
18-year old high school student in Massachusetts held on $1 million bail after making "terrorist threats"
The night Psy met Dodger Hyun-Jin Ryu and the baseball world shook
Taco Bell Working On A Low-End Menu
Cops: Boy, 14, arranged to meet prostitute who stole iPad, piggy bank
School canceled due to 'good weather'
Obama's congratulatory call to gay NBA player Jason Collins is step backwards for mankind
The Texas judge issued a ruling in the case he called "The Itsy Bitsy Teeny Weeny Bikini Top v. the (More) Itsy Bitsy Teeny Weeny Pastie."
Aaargh! Ladies of English town misunderstand intent of pirate night
Man accused of shoplifting from Finders Keepers says store name misleading
Congressman: Let's Just Eliminate Useful Information Altogether
China forbids its citizens from laughing at penis shaped building.
High School Rapper Arrested and Facing Terrorism Charges for Rap About Boston Marathon Bombing
RNC Attacks President Obama for Not Passing Gun Reform Bill
Drake Makes It Rain With $50K - And It's A Tax Write Off!!!
Florida cop fired for eighth time
Mayor Bloomberg refused second slice of pizza for going over his "pizza slice limit"
Stephen Hawking: "I held a party for time travelers... but no one came."
Poll: 29% Think Armed Rebellion Might Soon Be Necessary
Jeffrey Wagner Allegedly Eats Carpet Lint After Smoking Meth In Kentucky
Stephen Hawking: "I threw a party for time travelers... but no one came."
Christian Conservative Group Says Homosexuality Is 'More Dangerous' Than Smoking'
Chinese "spy" caught with NASA laptop full of porn, not secrets
Ultra-Orthodox woman sues Lancome over 24-hour makeup
LoveAnimals.org announces beta launch
Jeremy Gaillard, 19, likely wet the bed, Nova Scotia court rules
Guy With Gun: "Only PS3 Can Save My Family"
Nova Scotia court finds 19-year-old likely wet the bed, orders teen to pay $675 to his friend's family
School board to review 'twerking' suspensions
Teenagers' Values: More Materialistic, Less Interested In Work Than Ever
Soulja Boy apologizes for telling all us troops to fuck themselves and calling them bitches
Why Darrell Issa Should Hold Hearings on Space Aliens
China tries to censor everyone from giggling at penis-shaped building
Facebook may stop allowing beheading videos.
Giant rubber ducky headed to U.S.
WI members don fancy dress for guest 'piracy' speech - unaware speaker was captured by armed Somali rebels
38yo man wins €3.5million lottery, says he will still live with his parents. Wecome to Ireland.
Bangladesh official: Disaster not 'really serious'
'Star Wars' to be dubbed into Navajo language
16-Year-Old Florida Honor Student Charged With Two Felonies For Doing A Science Experiment
Expel Yourself: 33 High School Students Suspended for Twerking
37,000-machine study finds most reliable Windows PC is a Mac
Members of the Women's Institute Dress Up as Pirates to Meet Somali Hostage Victim
English Teachers Reject Use of Robots to Grade Student Writing
Ice Cream Truck Turf War: Sno Cone Joe stalked Mr. Ding-A-Ling, N.Y. police say
Tupac Shakur's aunt becomes the first woman on the FBI's most wanted terrorist list
Young guns: The rifles made especially for children
China tries to forbid everyone from giggling at penis-shaped building
Beer brewed from coffee beans pooped by elephants sells out in 1 day
Briton arrested with roasted human foetuses for use in black magic ritual
Terror Group Gets 'A' Rating From Better Business Bureau?
Masturbate-A-Thon 2013 In Philadelphia Celebrates National Masturbation Month [NSFW]
Reddit Incorrectly Identifies 89 Year Old Grandmother As Terrorist
Man arrested after selling his grandson on Facebook
School canceled for good weather
Stone Age people may have battled against a zombie apocalypse
Man bites dog (to save wife)
BBC News - Should children have best friends?
Deaf man stabbed after his sign language was mistaken for gang signs, North Carolina police say - Crimesider
Warner Brothers sued for unauthorized use of Nyan Cat and Keyboard Cat
Portraits Derived From the DNA in Hair and Gum Found in Public Places
Obama Blames U.S. For Gun Violence In Mexico
Is there a 'jumbie' on the Pond Casse main road?
Hospitalized 4th grader, hooked up to machines, asked to take standardized test
Texas Teacher Denies Molestation Charge: I'm Too Racist To 'Fondle' Black Student
Solar powered airplane to fly across the country. 43mph, 10 horsepower, can't fly through clouds.
Boston Bombing Skeptic Stella Tremblay Questions 'If' Double Amputee Jeff Bauman Was Hurt
Blue skies prompt Washington school to cancel classes for 'sun day'
Apple Saves $9.2 Billion By Going Into Debt For $55 Billion
Sun reflected off dog dish ignites house fire.
Fox News: Reason Led To The Holocaust
NPR Comedy show in plea for republican guests
Guinea Pig Wins iPhone Photography Award
Retired racehorse finds calling as abstract painter
Pennsylvania judge sentenced to 28 years in prison for selling teens to prisons
Ray Kelly: By the [NYPD]'s count, African-Americans are being 'understopped'
Ridiculous Fox News Claim of the Day: Reason Caused the Holocaust
Scientists Back Kiera Wilmot by Tweeting About All the Stuff They've Blown Up
Tribes vow to fight-to-the-death to save Amazon rainforest
Javi Martinez stranded after Bayern Munich bus drives off without him (x-post from r/soccer)
Javi Martinez left stranded after Bayern Munich bus drives off without him
Ryan Worthington, Rhode Island teen, built snow penis, angered neighbors
14 Year Old Hires Hooker, Gets His Piggy Bank Stolen
Even idled, Jeter deserves All-Star Game nod
5-Year old kills 2-Year old sister with a gun meant for children
UNICEF says Facebook 'likes' won't save children's lives
Dr. Drew says he's finally kicking the Celebrity Rehab habit now that so many people have died (Not entirely Onion-free)
Ukip Candidate Laurence Keeley Jailed For Burning Pig Heads And Spinal Cords Wins Council Seat
French Broad River Festival river cleanup cancelled due to sewage spill
Man Killed by Pet Spider, Eaten by Creepy Crawlies
Calif. man accused of raping woman met on Christian site
Vending machine arsonist thief still on the loose
School closes due to "great weather"
School cancels classes because of nice weather
Texan plans to release 3D printer plans for "the Liberator," a gun that fires live ammunition
Florida Woman Stops Robbery by Laughing at Crook and Saying No
Chinese censors crack down on jokes about phallic-shaped People's Daily building
L.A. County mistakenly releases murder suspect from jail
Facts About The Excessive Protein, Low Carb Diet
UN Report Proposes Moratorium On Killer Robots
Pilots sleep as air-hostess turns off autopilot on Bangkok-Delhi flight
13-year-old boy tried to rape and then shot dead his mom for taking away his Call of Duty video game.
Low Carb Priciples For Dieters
'I killed my mom with my .22. I don't know why I did it': Chilling 911 call reveals 13-year-old boy admitting he tried to rape and then shot dead his mom 'for taking away his Call of Duty video game'
Low carb diets: Are they safe?
The Republican War on Data
I was swallowed by a hippo
Experience: I was swallowed by a hippo | Life and style
BNP calls on members to breed more after elections disaster
NH Republican Rep. Stella Tremblay Questions Legitimacy Of Boston Bombing Victim's Loss Of Both Legs. [x-post from r/politics]
President Obama to daughters: If you get a tattoo, I'm getting one too
Bulletproof Whiteboards And The Marketing Of School Safety
We ordered poop on the Internet-and it arrived last night
Florida woman arrested for violently yanking ex-boyfriend's penis
Children shouldn't have best friends, private school head argues
Pet's Throat Slit for Sniffing Daughter's Private Parts
This young man is blogging about his 100-day mission of getting rejected daily to help increase his social confidence.
Republican Congressman [Lamar Smith] Introduces Bill To Require Political Approval Of Scientific Papers
From Dad to Mom: How it Changed Her Family
Family of mom who was missing for 11 years has no plans to reunite with her
Full moon gets partial blame for Civil War general's death
US Berkeley Professor: Increasing the Number of Police Can Have Direct Benefits in Reducing Crime
Man is told he's too smart to be a cop.
Harvard history professor apologizes for saying John Maynard Keynes didn't care about the future because he was gay and had no children.
High School student faces 20 years in prison for Facebook messages.
Police: DUI charge for woman celebrating end of earlier DUI suspension
Gerbils strut their stuff at New England pageant
Government forces benefits claimants to use Windows XP and IE6
14 yr. old Boy Hires Hooker, But Gets Piggy Bank Stolen Instead
Eel shoved up man's anus eats its way through his intestines
Vultures Eat French Tourist
Alleged Gang Member Has Pony Rental Business
Naked Man Assaults Great Grand Mother with Hammer and Crack Pipe
Bellingham school closes because of nice weather
900 Arrested for "Meat-Related Crimes"
Slideshow| The People You Meet at McDonald's
Harvard's Niall Ferguson Suggests Keynes' Economic Theories Were Flawed... Because He Was Gay
Little League games could be cancelled due to anti-gun rally.
Republican Congressman Introduces Bill To Require Political Approval Of Scientific Papers
13-year old kid attempts to rape mother & ends up killing her for taking away Call of Duty
NRA 'Home Defense' Course Instructs Audience To Store Guns In Kids' Bedroom
Belgian townsfolk keep cash strewn by thieves
Acclaimed racehorse forced to retire with bad knees finds success as best-selling painter selling more than $20,000-worth of his abstract works
Internet star Antoine Dodson appears to claim that he is "no longer into homosexuality" and is now a devout Hebrew Israelite instead.
Liberty awards scholarship to high school student arrested for gun violation
Golden Apple fans at Free Comic Book Day witness car chase, crash
To Silence Discontent, Chinese Officials Alter Workweek
Utah soccer referee punched by player dies
Miami cop fired 8 times could make it 9.
5-year old kid kills 2-year old sister with .22-caliber rifle he got for his birthday, Grandmother says that "It was her time to go".
NASA holds haiku contest to send a message to Mars
Welcome to the Masturbate-a-thon: You will never be rejected by your own hands, so celebrate National Masturbation Month.: It was originally declared in 1995 by Good Vibrations -- a San Francisco shop specializing in sex toys, erotic books and adult videos.
When Christians Become a Hated Minority (when they hate on an actual minority)
Oh Benedict you! Pope vs Pope, a battle Royale!
Florida professor promotes theory that Newtown shooting didn't actually happen
How many birds are killed by windows?
Facebook frame-up: Woman stalks herself, blames it on ex-boyfriend and his new girlfriend
Age No Obstacle For Satan
Harvard Prof Slams Keynesian Economics Because Keynes Was Gay
Harvard Professor Trashes Keynes For Homosexuality
Police dog eats suspect's hamster
Man accused of stealing says he took store's sign literally
Aubergine that looks like Hindu god Ganesh sees believers flocking to Leicestershire temple to pray twice a day
Michigan woman used Facebook to harass herself, police say
Dying Tea Party Defends Right to Ride Manatees.
Shiny Dog Bowl Blamed In Santa Rosa Fire
Gun Protesters Plan March On Washington With Loaded Rifles To 'Put The Government On Notice'
Company Selling "My First Rifle" Deletes Website After 5-Year-Old Shoots And Kills 2-Year-Old
Porn Addict Hospitalized After Trapped Giant Eel Gnaws Through His Digestive Tract
Attendant hits the gas, damages 3 cars, totals 1 » Merrimack Valley
Police investigate frolicking child
Acclaimed racehorse forced to retire with bad knees finds success as best-selling painter selling more than 20,000 dollars worth of his abstract works | Mail Online
Scientist Pitches Proposal to Curb Bird Deaths With A Tax On Cats
Girl group bases style on Nikkei ups and downs
Bucket of chilli floors takeaway robber at Rosebery
$1.5m compensation payout for man scared of frogs
Teens try to murder another teen over "disrespect" and run for the border. Get caught because they didn't wear their seat-belts. (X-post JusticePorn)
Teen Mom Farrah Abraham to receive $1 Million for her sex tape from Vivid Entertainment
How to dip without breaking the chip
When a drone gets stuck in the arms of a rooftop statue, who's responsible for getting it down?
Montreal student forbidden by principal from wearing Ottawa hockey jersey
Montreal student asked to remove Sens' shirt on Habs' jersey day
Victorious high school relay team banned from state meet after athlete points upward in celebration
Two giraffes got married at my local zoo
Priest kicked out of the service in Bergen
Mark Sanford Comes Unglued and Runs Around SC Asking Women if They Hate Him
E! news hacked - Justin Bieber not gay or arrested
Bomb targeted for turtle injures Kingwood teen
Scientists create hybrid flu that can go airborne (x-post from r/science)
Why Aren't Smartphones Making Us More Productive?
Police dog ate hamster after knocking over its cage during raid
The National Perform "Sorrow" Many, Many Times at Their Six-Hour MoMA PS1 Show
Police: Westbrook man arrested after allegedly assaulting Stormtrooper, Ghostbuster during Free Comic Book Day
Bomb squad blows up senior cop's 'suspicious' Gupta wedding invite
NJ Governor 'Saves' Children From Spider
PETA is not happy with Gov. Chris Christie over his 'thoughtless' killing of a spider
Man, 20, dies after eating 28 raw eggs in a row for a bet
Man's runny nose turns out to be leaking brain fluid
Stormtrooper, Ghostbuster assaulted in Portland during Free Comic Book Day; 300-pound man arrested
Pro-gun advocates plan march on Washington, DC with loaded guns.
We Have 'The Worst of All Possible Worlds' To Look Forward To
Woman Arrested For DUI was Celebrating End of Previous DUI
Man who lost more than 300 pounds, afraid to eat
Hong Kong risks losing its pink dolphins
Florida Man Strips Naked In Front Of Cops To Prove He's A Monkey
Senator Schumer: Ban 3-D Printers from Printing Guns
Baseball player uses teammate's pee for drug test, fails drug test
Groundhog terrorizes Bridgeton Little League
Rare Caterpillar Resembles Donald Trump's Hair
Onion Reportedly Hacked: Twitter, Facebook Say 'Syrian Electronic Army Was Here'
Video Game Pirates Complaing About Video Game Piracy
Bill Gates: Apple's 'frustrating' iPad should be more like Microsoft Surface
Nissan To Replicate Human Skin For Car Interiors
Bishop arrested for drunk driving
Bloomberg Refused Second Slice of Pizza at Local Restaurant
Antoine Dodson comes out as straight.
Adobe goes to the cloud
Antoine Dodson comes out as heterosexual.
Artist born without arms says he was unable to get permission to enter UK because he could not give fingerprints
Chief of the Sexual Assault Response branch of U.S. Air Force is charged with sexual battery (x-post from r/news)
Air Force Officer In Charge Of Sexual Assault Prevention Arrested For Sexual Assault
About.com's New CEO On How To Stay Relevant
Military sex assault monitor accused of sex assault
Aubergine worshipped as reincarnation of god
Man With 'Chronic Runny Nose' Told His Brain Was Leaking
Pet Food Stamp Program Started For Low-Income Families
Air Force's sex-abuse prevention honcho charged with sexual battery
Air Force sex assault prevention chief charged in sex assault
Bear v.s. Monkey Bike Race Ends Horribly
Air Force Chief of Sexual-Assault Prevention Arrested on Sexual Battery Charges | Danger Room
Air Force "Chief of Sexual Assault Prevention" Arrested For Sexual Battery
Bread Squeezer caught bread handed
Military sexual assault prevention officer arrested for sexual assault
The first flying car was based on the Ford Pinto, and killed its inventor.
Atheists Adopt-a-Highway... Just Outside the Creation Museum
J-Lo rushed to safety after gunshots are fired at her video shoot in Florida... before police swoop on bikini-clad beach goers.
Air Force Sexual Assault Czar Arrested ... For Sexual Assault
CBS News See realtime coverage Air Force's sexual assault prevention chief arrested for sexual assault
Former President Bill Clinton Unable to Spark Led Zeppelin Reunion
Air Force's sexual assault prevention chief arrested for sexual assault
Lego Apologizes for Cat-Calling Sticker
Girl's Death by Gunshot Is Rejected as Symbol
Air Force sex-assault chief arrested on sexual battery charges
Rapists Will No Longer Have Custody Rights In Colorado If New Bill Passes
Obit: Waffle House lost a loyal customer on April 30, 2013.
San Francisco Bans Urinating, Defecating in Subway Trains
British army goat demoted after head-butting drummer
Head of Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual battery
Alleged Gang Member Caught Renting Out Ponies, Planning Kids' Parties
The officer in charge of sexual assault prevention programs for the Air Force was arrested early Sunday and charged with sexual battery
Cleveland police dispatch: Missing teens Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus found alive
Air Force's Sex Assault Prevention Chief Charged With Sex Assault
Three allegedly kidnapped women found alive in Cleveland
North Carolina Rapper Busted For Possession of an Arizona Iced Tea.
Father punishes his daughters by whiping them with a cable wire after finding out they did a twerk video on Facebook
The tax education of Lauryn Hill: Prison
Female singer gets sent to jail for not paying $1 mil in taxes, compares her ordeals to the slavery her ancestors endured
China Is Censoring Jokes About Its Propaganda Machine's Penis-Shaped Headquarters
Obama, 'willing to try anything,' goes golfing with Republican senators
Need a Mustache Transplant? Visit Turkey
When Christians become a "hated minority"
BART to Start Banning Peeing and Pooping Criminals From its Trains Today
PA Governor: You're All High, That's Why You Don't Have Jobs
Lauryn Hill Blames Slavery as She's Jailed for $500,000 Unpaid Tax Bill
Easier to import giraffes under new EU rules
Jacksonville fans ask Obama to get the Jaguars to sign Tebow
Artist Immortalizes Marx as Garden Gnome
Man who suffered 'allergies' for 18 months discovers his runny nose is actually leaking brain fluid.
NRA Vendor Sells Ex-Girlfriend Target That Bleeds When You Shoot It
Man Arrested For Grabbing Schoolgirl's Breasts On Train
Stella Tremblay, New Hampshire Legislator, Says Jeff Bauman 'Was Not In Pain' After Bombing
Incredible Hulk 'attacked girl' outside York restaurant
Air Force Sexual Assault Prevention Chief Charged With Sexual Battery
Liam Gallagher nearly killed by blue peanut M&M
European Commission to criminalize nearly all seeds and plants not registered with government
Boy Scouts Gay Policy: Rick Perry Compares BSA's Gay Ban to Anti-Slavery Fight
MSUM Goes into Full Lockdown; Suspect is Janitor with Cleaning Item.
PLAGUE of SEX CRAZED MONSTER GRASSHOPPERS to hit East Coast
Fans petition President Obama: Make the Jaguars sign Tim Tebow
Man hurt after driving down ski trail, flipping SUV 20 times with family inside
Vernon man hurt after driving down ski trail, flipping SUV 20 times with family inside
Lil Wayne Puts Mountain Dew in Crisis Mode
Holding A Guitar Makes You More Attractive
4 comments Dock reported stolen from local marina actually floated away, deputies say
Dennis Rodman asks the leader of North Korea "to do me a solid" and release captive American Kenneth Bae
New Orleans IG Investigator Loses Job for Lying About Shrimp
Gun Advocate Says Armed March On Washington Will Be Totally Safe
Abercrombie & Fitch Refuses To Make Clothes For Large Women
Soil judging team claims national title for first time in nearly 30 years
Retired Psychology Prof Rejects
Intel worker cries after being subjected to 'Kick Me' prank, suit says
Canadian war veterans made Gangam Style possible: Veteran Affairs Minister Steven Blaney
EU to ban seeds.
Abercrombie & Fitch CEO Explains Why He Hates Fat Chicks
Armless Kazakh Artist Says Poor-Quality Fingerprints Cost Him British Visa.
Gov. Christie under attack by PETA for killing Spider
Drunk Man Assaults Stormtrooper, Ghostbuster On Free Comic Book Day, Gets Tased, Arrested By Police
Nancy Grace and Ashleigh Banfield Hold Split-Screen Interview in Same Parking Lot
Mom who pushed for tougher ND drunk driving laws cited for DUI a week after bill signing
Ralph Polnicky Accuses Tractor Supply Company Worker Of Sending 'Threatening Dildo'
Man's Constantly Running Nose Caused By Leaking Brain Fluid.
Bear eats monkey after losing to it in a bicycle race.
Before calling 911, check to see if person lying on grass is dead
Obama says he does 'a pretty good Gangnam style'
The World Needs More Slums
Gun Advocates Plan July 4th March In Washington... With Loaded Weapons
Penny Pritzker's Commerce (Part Two): "Behind every fortune lies a crime," said Balzac--allegedly true of our new commerce secretary
Teen severely injured when plan to blow up turtles with homemade bomb goes awry
Horror as bear on a bike EATS a monkey at the end of sick circus cycle race
Ohio lawmaker urges mercy for Jackson Jr., cites karaoke skills
Women prefer bigger penises.
Man Swallowed By Hippo, Lives To Write About It
Wood-wielding bandit robs brothel
Wichita, KS High School suspends senior class president for tweeting an insult about their athletics teams.
Disney Wants To Trademark 'Dia De Los Muertos'
Ex porn actor sues Palm Beach County School District after math tutor signs are removed
Liam Gallagher nearly dies after eating a blue M&M.
Air Force Sexual Assault Prevention Chief Charged With Sexual Assault
Man Asks For 7Up, Gets Sprite, Sues...and Wins
Tan Mom Releases Rap Song
Wife sprays vanilla-scented Lysol at husband whose farting almost made her puke.
Gun Advocates Plan July 4th March to D.C. with Loaded Weapons
Michelle Obama: White House garden 'semi-open to the public', can be seen through fence
NFL Wide Receiver Gets Car Impounded, Then Arrested For Trying To Steal His Own Car
Kangaroo Scrotums Are the New Victims of Global Warming
I don't even know what to think with this.
Christian metal band frontman puts out hit on wife
Benefits of sun may outweigh risks
Police dog eats pet hamster during raid on home
Kazakhstan's Muslim Union suggests to execute presidents over age of 80
US returns stolen Tyrannosaurus dinosaur to Mongolia. - BBC News
Man Buys Toy Poodles, Learns They're Ferrets on Steroids
Can We Stop Consumers from Purchasing Pressure Cookers?
"Do Me A Solid," Diplomat Rodman Says to North Korea's Kim
NRA sells "Ex-Girlfriend" target that bleeds when shot.
Girl Hit With Toilet On Way To School In Maine
Nun, two others in federal court for nuclear breach
National Household Survey: Number of 'Jedi Knights' in Canada dwindling
Canada's Jedi Knight population down by half, according to government statistics
The Man Who Turned Off Cookies In Firefox Doesn't Care If It Hurts Advertisers
Singer of Christian Metal Band Arrested for Hiring Hitman to Kill Wife
Man unaware he had been shot in head five years ago
Head of US Air Force sexual-assault prevention unit and arrested for groping a woman in a parking lot near the Pentagon
Johns Hopkins decides to acquiesce to public sentiment and rename itself 'John Hopkins'
Glenn Beck reveals he doesn't even know what journalism is
The Johns Hopkins University - We've changed our name to John Hopkins
Kiss Enters the Bull Riding Arena
Fewer Canadians claim to be Jedi Knights in national survey
Goats to graze among the runways at O'Hare
Man who shot a 9 year old girl who was dressed as skunk at a Halloween party with his shotgun, after confusing her for a real skunk, avoids jail time and gets only 2 years probation
105-Year-Old Texas Woman Reveals Bacon as her Secret behind Long Life
Bear and Monkey Race on Bicycles. Then Bear eats Monkey.
105-year-old woman says eating bacon every day is her key to long life
Racism Charged Against Hollywood Bar That Forbids Hip-Hop - Los Angeles
Teacher killed after choking on a hotdog at Wrigley Field
Swedish Chef actually speaks Norwegian
Woman Named "Virginia" Goes to Starbucks, Gets "Vagina" Written On Her Cup
Woman, 105, says bacon is the secret to a long, happy life
Stephen Hawking Frequents Sex Club In California
Paul Templer, River Guide Swallowed By Hippo, Retells Harrowing Near-Death Experience
Japan hopes for a lift from "Abenomics" bra
'Mr. Balls' a, um, ballsy cancer mascot from Brazil
Giant African Land Snails In Texas Could Spread Deadly Disease
Air Force General Blames Increase in Military Rape on Hookup Culture
Jury Finds 83-Year-Old Nun, 2 Others Guilty Of Uranium Plant Break-In
Abercromie & Fitch Refuses To Makes Clothes For Fat People
Bourbonnais man arrested after attacking 11-year-old over Pokemon cards
Bradford Cox Covers "My Sharona" For An Hour In Concert
Not available in XL: Abercrombie & Fitch CEO Mike Jeffries accused of only wanting 'thin and beautiful people'
"Bang With Friends" is an app that allows you to privately list the people on your friends list who you'd like to have sex with. If both parties want to they will be notified.
California strawberry pickers fired for walking off job to escape wildfire
Fart In The Face Leads To Knife Fight
CNN Anchors Pretend They're Having A "Satellite Interview" Even Though They're In The Same Parking Lot. | Media
Houston braces for giant snail invasion.
'Islamic hotel' opens on Egyptian Red Sea coast
Huggies Device Sends You a Tweet When Your Baby Pees
Rocklin man arrested on suspicion of carjacking his own car at gunpoint
NRA Convention Sells "Ex-Girlfriend" Target That Bleeds When You Shoot It
Man electrocuted after shooting down power lines with rifle
Grocery shopping while hungry not a good idea, study confirms
Fake Nuns Caught Smuggling Cocaine
The Future is Now and it's called The Snacket
Despite several 911 calls, sunbathers found to actually be alive [x post from /r/madisonwi]
A Woman Was Arrested For Choking Her Boyfriend Because He Wouldn't Stop Singing "Thrift Shop"
North Korea Sent Money and Support to a Self-Proclaimed "Communist" Living Under a Bridge, U.S. Dosen't Notice.
Is there such a thing as the 'privileged poor'?
BBC News - Elderly nun convicted in US nuclear site break-in
Before calling 911, check to see if person lying on grass is dead [x post for madisonwi]
Meanwhile, in Wisconsin, 911 Callers Can't Tell if You're Dead or Sunbathing
It is cheaper to fly to US than buy Adobe software in Australia
Spain cuts promised aid to family of Cuban dissident exiles as part of austerity measures. Family is evicted by police for failure to pay rent, and now wants to return to Cuba (X-post from /worldnews)
Nun facing jail afer nuclear complex break-in
It Is Cheaper for Australians to Fly to the US and Buy Adobe Software than It is to Buy Locally
Man outraged after receiving threatening dildo in the mail from tractor supply company
Alberta art college instructor fired after chicken slaughter
Woman Chokes on Hot Dog at Wrigley Field, Dies
My husband draws the line at having sex with a troll mask on
Why you will never pay off your credit card
Overweight Riders Can't Participate In NYC's New Bike Share Program
Can vegans stomach the unpalatable truth about quinoa?
Bear Eats Monkey As Bicycle Race Turns Into Bloodbath
Scratch-and-sniff cards to blame for gas smell in downtown Great Falls
Police warned girl, 10, 'chalk hopscotch grid on path was criminal damage'
Stop 'persecution of old men' by lowering age of consent to 13 says top human rights barrister.
Prime Minister Julia Gillard assaulted by sandwich throwing student.
Age of consent should be 13 to end the "persecution of old men", says barrister
Police: Mom of teen shot by friend turns to WebMD, instead of hospital, for help
Tiny brain no obstacle to French civil servant
One in three students wears 'lucky exam underwear'
Man's chronic runny nose was actually brain fluid leaking
Bang with Friends helps you get frisky with Facebook
The title of the video includes the words "eel" and "anus". I'll let you figure out the rest. NSFW
Abercrombie CEO Mark Jeffries still only wants 'thin, beautiful' customers
Man Arrested For Allegedly Shooting Realistic Toy Gun With Kids
Escaped Colombian convict CAUGHT - even after surgery to look like a woman
Rush Limbaugh calls kidnapped Ohio women welfare queens.
Interview with Guy Who Pukes on Hollywood Stars on Purpose as a form of protest
Fat Fetish: Tammy, 23, Force Feeds Herself With Funnel To Earn Money As BBW
Rush Limbaugh Says Ohio Kidnap Victims Are Part Of A Welfare Scheme, And It's All Obama's Fault
Petition asks President Obama to force Jaguars to sign Tim Tebow
Lion meat tacos cause uproar in Florida
Mountain Dew spill forces major traffic backups on I-70
Mom Goes To WebMD Instead Of Hospital After Son Is Shot
Pat Robertson, Who said 'The Lord Told Me' that 'Romney Will Win,' Urges Viewers to Beware False Prophets
German Nazi-themed opera cancelled after deluge of complaints
Moths That Drive Cars
'Pinterest stress' afflicts nearly half of moms, survey says
911 calls made about sunbathers who appeared dead
Iran Claims It Built A New Radar-Evading Drone Named 'Epic'
'American Idol' to Axe All 4 Judges as Part of Massive Makeover
61 year-old woman strangles husband over Cable TV
Madison police "overwhelmed" with calls confusing sunbathers for corpses
Manti Te'o's Fake Girlfriend Makes 'Maxim's Hot 100' List
Teacher dies after choking on hot dog at Wrigley Field Cubs game
Giant swamp rats are literally eating Louisiana
The truth behind fishzilla and his killer reputation
How can we stop lion fish from taking over our oceans? Eat them.
Miami Dolphins Want To Have a Game on an Aircraft Carrier
Suspect, 20, Fleeing From Police Is Attacked By Alligator
North Korean 'traffic girl' may have won military award for saving Kim Jong Un poster.
Scarface Look-alike -- Screams Movie Quotes at Cops During Machete Standoff In L.A.
105-Year-Old Woman Says Bacon Keeps Her Alive
TweetPee: Huggies sends a tweet when baby's wet
Mario Balotelli, banned from go karting, takes Ferrari on track instead
There Is A Brazilian Mascot For Testicular Cancer Named Mr. Balls
Onion gets hacked by Syrian propagandists, responds with funny article
Reisman: Homosexuality Leads to Communist Tyranny, Puts Boy Scouts 'Up for Grabs'
Wayward turkey smashes through window of Brookline (MA) home, escapes through the back
Two-Inch Feather Emerges From Baby's Neck
Chief Minister questions revelance and cost of ten-breasted skywhale as a symbol of city's anniversary
BBC News - Heavy metal degree is a 'waste of time' claim campaigners
This diehard supporter of a winning state election candidate dies of "happiness" as the results were announced.
A diehard supporter of a winning state election candidate died of "happiness" as the results were announced.
Techno Viking Takes Youtube Uploader To Court
McCain won't apologize for calling tea partiers 'hobbits'
Mobile game Airport Scanner helping TSA officers screen luggage more accurately
Huge Swamp Rats are Eating Louisiana
I Teach a College Class on How to Think and Talk About Pornography
'Fast food worker strike hits Detroit.' Fast food workers demand 15$/hr
Dennis Rodman: I'm doing Obama's job
French Muslims use science to decide start of Ramadan
The Cicada and David Bowie-Not So Different (The Guardian)
Restaurant Decides Maybe Selling Lion Meat Tacos Wasn't The Best Idea After All
Movie theater sends guy in full body armor and a fake M4 into Iron Man 3 opening as a "publicity stunt".
Treasury Secretary Lew working on improving illegible loopy signature
78,000 apply to leave Earth forever to live on Mars
Army combat skills good prep for law career
Zoo seeks mate for last surviving 'gorgeously ugly' fish. (x-post /r/aquariums)
Man claims assault by officer who fined him $365 for climbing tree without permit
WIENERPOCALYPSE: Hot Dog Truck Overturns On Highway, Spilling Delicious Pig Products (PHOTOS)
Chattanooga Wants You to Know That Iron Man 3 Lied and Its Internet Is GREAT
Ohio interstate closed due to hot dog spill
Mom searches WebMD for gunshot wound instead of taking child to the hospital first
Stunt: Man With Fake Gun Walks Into Jefferson City Movie Theater
IRS Official: 'I'm Not Good at Math'
Autistic teenager tipped for Nobel Prize
New Metro Policy Says Drivers Who Find Pot on the Bus Need to Return It
Injured Hispanic Custodian Sues School After Not Being Able to Read English Warning Sign
Movie theater manager finds way to make Iron Man 3 exciting by having fake gunmen storm the screening
Drunken moose ends up in Swedish apple tree
Theater hires 'gunmen' for 'Iron Man 3' publicity stunt
Theater manager hires fake gunmen to sunrise audience during Iron Man 3 premier.
Aspiring BBW Fetish Model Gorging Herself to Gain 200 Pounds
World's Worst Iron Man 3 Publicity Stunt Sends Fake Gunmen Into Movie Theater
The benefits of being stupid at work
Chicago hires goats to graze at airport
GOP Lawmaker: 'My Heart Breaks' Because Thousands Of Same-Sex Couples Will Be Able To Marry
Oakville man charged after fight over chocolate candy bar
Immigrants living in the U.S. today do not have the same level of cognitive ability as natives
Stop smoking plan: Calif. woman who slapped deputy to go to jail to quit smoking gets 63 days
Saskatoon police mourn homeless drunk they considered a friend
Lawyer Wants Age Of Consent Lowered To 13 To Stop "Persecution Of Old Men"
police investigating spray-painted llama
Deputies: Woman stabbed boyfriend for passing gas in her face
Cosmo: Taking pictures of your food is a sign of mental illness
Kate Upton is 'so proud' of her boobs
Mike Tyson to star as cartoon detective in new show
Forget eating at your desk - Lunchtime dance parties could be the next big thing
Mate urgently needed for 'ugly' fish
Massachusetts Judge Settles Dispute by Ruling Burrito is Not a Sandwich
Mom Delays Taking Gunshot-Wounded Son to Hospital to Check WebMD First
Chicago's O'Hare Airport Hires Goat Herd to Graze Along Runways
Mr Testicle: a Mascot against testicular cancer
LAX Police Officer Dies After Finishing 5K Honoring Police Officer Killed In Line Of Duty
Police Say Man Sexually Abused His Peacock
Police Break Up Eagle Party at Safeway
Angry Neighbor Bulldozes Neighborhood
Japanese Woman Spends $100,000 On Surgeries To Look Like A French Doll (PHOTOS)
NYPD: Man Wearing Jets Jersey Completes 1 Of 5 Bank Robbery Attempts For Undisclosed Cash
Coming soon to prime-time TV: An animated Mike Tyson solves mysteries with a talking pigeon
Seattle man not actually burglarized, nor irresistible to women, despite his claims.
Nigerian baby factory raided in Imo state
Mike Tyson, with pigeon sidekick, to star as TV cartoon detective
Manti Teo's Fake Girlfriend Makes Maxim's Hot 100 List!
Man Kicked Out of Saudi Arabia For Being Too Attractive
Police Break Up Eagle Party at Unalaska Safeway
Dennis Rodman heading back to North Korea to broker release of American citizen
numerous downtown residents report gas leak; turns out to be gas scented scratch and sniff cards
Movie theater publicity stunt results in police response
Man likely not burglarized nor irresistible to women
Zoo seeks mate for last surviving 'gorgeously ugly' fish
5'th Grade girl starts screaming she is part of the Illuminati, threatens to kill other students. Teacher allows it to go on for over an hour
Cambridge Students Launch Petition Against 'Sexist' Jelly Wrestling
High School Senior Faces Criminal Charges For Mooning 8th Graders
Colombian gangster turns into woman to avoid cops
Top comment on r/israel: "...As a democracy, if the population of the country suddenly added 30% Palestinians, there would be a huge new influx of Palestinians into the Knesset. This would lead to a different country for everyone. "
Scratch-and-sniff cards used to educated people about the scent of natural gas cause natural gas leak scare in Great Falls, MT.
Potato 'people' help Boeing test Wi-Fi service
Boy, 13, arrested for illegal marker possession
Tea Partyers boycott Fox News for being too "left"
4-Year-Old Robert Tufts Serves As The Mayor Of Dorset, MN
Stylist Admits He Was High When He Created The Rachel Haircut
Lions rookie puts a helmet on for the first time in his life x-post /r/nfl
New rule: Pot left on metro buses will now go to 'lost and found
Kenyans take top spots in 25K race
John Paul II lookalike arrested in Rome: "The problem was that he looked a lot like Karol Wojtyla. He was detained for usurpation of title which is a misdemeanour"
Lions rookie puts a helmet on for the first time in his life
The secret to being a happy mother? Hire five nannies to do the boring bits
Man Attacked By Gator While Running From Cops
DPRK urges U.S. to drop hostility
Newt Gingrich has never heard the term "smartphone."
Alvin Cote, Saskatoon: Death of beloved town drunk reduces Canadian cops to tears.
Principal suspends teen for Instagramming her mug shot | Internet & Media
Fla. Siblings Charged With Stealing Frito-Lay Chips From Factory
Syrian Electronic Army Has A Little Fun Before Inevitable Upcoming Deaths At Hands Of Rebels
New Zealand 'Sea Monster' Just Rotting Orca
Dallas ISD Ends Shirt-Tucking Requirement Over Concerns That it Damages Fat Kids
Test Post, please ignore.
Chris Brown's "monster graffiti" house angers neighbors
Chris Brown's curbside demon art scares Hollywood Hills neighbors
Bryan Zuniga, Attacked By Gator While Running From Cops, Describes Fight For Life
Doctor is universal donor for fecal transplants, says it is not 'glamorous'
Don't make fun of renowned Dan Brown
Would-be robbers laughed out of Youngstown bar
Settlers: Tear gas fired on Palestinians "ruins the weekend."
New Mexico sets franchise record for wins in a single season with 3
Noah Crooks reportedly tried to rape mother before killing her
Virgin's Sir Richard Branson turns stewardess after losing bet
Goats to clean up at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport
Tucsonan learns the hard way to keep toilet paper out of the microwave
FBI surrounds house of Saudi student following sightings of him with pressure cooker pot, only to find he was cooking rice
Student suspended for tweeting that school teams were bad
thousands of teen girls in support of Boston bombing suspect; too handsome to be a terrorist.
Marijuana Vending Machine Looks Like A DVD Dispenser But Spits Out Pot Brownies Instead
Smitten teen girls stir up #FreeJahar mania for Boston Marathon bombings suspect
Diabetic High School Girl Beaten by Police Officer and Arrested- For Falling Asleep in Class
British tourists charged over $82 for 4 ice creams
Wall of ice rises out of lake and destroys homes in Canada
Not 'glamorous': Doc is universal donor for fecal transplants
Cornish Councillor Colin Brewer Compares Disabled Children To Deformed Lambs
Student suspended for tweeting that school sports teams were bad
Blogger Issues DMCA Notice To Take Down Posts Infringing His 'How To Infringe' Post
FOX: NEW EVIDENCE HILLARY KILLED LINCOLN
Flying car crashes near elementary school in Canada
Mother's Day Parade Shooting: At Least 17 Wounded During New Orleans Festivities
$35 Lion Meat Tacos Cause Public Roar In Florida [VIDEO]
Would-be robbers laughed out of West Side bar
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad could face 74 lashes over Iran election 'violation'
Newt Gingrich is 'really puzzled' by cellphones that take pictures and needs your help
Man stabs brother to death over beer.
Naked man braves flooded river and crocodiles to win some bourbon
Never sleep with a virgin
2 Va. Boys Suspended For Using Pencils As Guns
Mom of teen shot by friend turns to WebMD, instead of hospital, for help
A lab in the Netherlands is engineering a $325,000 burger.
Meet Maki Yamada, Guinea Pig Fashion Designer
Bear and Monkey Race Ends in Tragedy
Disability Rights: Cornish Councillor Colin Brewer Compares Disabled Children To Deformed Lambs
Vortex to another dimension reported in Brighton
Reddit GoneWild: The disturbing amateur porn site
Woman kicked off plane for refusing to stop singing Whitney Houston song
Broomstick-flying witches to be brought down in Swaziland - Witches flying broomsticks in Swaziland above 150 metres will be subject to arrest and a hefty fine of R500 000, civil aviation authorities said, according to a report.
UN urges people to eat insects to fight world hunger
Lawmakers drop miniskirts at House
Beyonce's Demands For Backstage:Special $7,000 titanium straws which are used to drink a special alkaline water that's served at exactly 21 degrees
Almost half of American women fear becoming bag ladies, study says
O.J. Simpson Says Lawyer Sabotaged His Armed Robbery Case
Man arrested for drive-by masturbations.
Marco Rubio Calls on Non-Existent IRS Commissioner To Resign
'I will always love youuuuuuuuu': Woman kicked off plane for refusing to stop singing Whitney Houston song
Woman Savagely Beaten By Police After They Spot Her Filming Them Beating A Suspect
UN urges world to eat more insects to fight hunger
Newt Gingrich discovers and would like to rename smartphones.
Police: Assault prompted by 'too many pickles'
Elephant 'tramples to death suspected poacher'
ACLU Tells High School to Allow Students to Protest ACLU at Football Game
Philadelphia Eagles players not happy about coach taking away Taco Tuesday and Fast Food Friday from team.
UN Suggests People Eat More Bugs.
Woman kicked off JFK-bound flight for belting out 'I will always love you' in midair concert
Instagram 'food porn' photo leads IRS to identity thieves
How Bing Crosby and The Nazis Helped to Create Silicon Valley
1 vote -- the only vote -- decides Lytle school board race: Christina Mercado wins school board election by only vote cast
Boston suspect becomes teen heartthrob
911 flooded with callers who mistook sun lovers for dead bodies
Dilbert Coreas, Alleged MS-13 Gangbanger, Worked Kids' Parties, Gave Pony Rides and Operated Bounce Houses
Instagram Food Porn Leads to Capture of Identity Thieves
MediaPost Publications Data Mining 'Pee-Pee:' Selling Mastery In The Age Of Personal Analytics 05/12/2013
4-year-old mayor is running Minnesota town
Quincy woman punched sandwich maker over "too many pickles"
Michelle Bachmann claims earthquake or volcano will strike Minneapolis if gay marriage is legalized
Wilmington City Council Passes Resolution Urging 'Personhood' Rights For Sperm
New Evidence shows Hitler was Gay!
Hungry patron delivers knuckle sandwich, with a side of pickles
Man survives being swallowed by hippo
Iran to Chair United Nations Disarmament Conference
An Amputee opens bargain supermarket called Half Man-Half Price Store.
$325,000 Burger? Genetically Engineered Meat Made in Test Tube
Iran to chair U.N. disarmament conference
Palestinian celebrity gets the 'Jewish sticker' at Ben-Gurion Airport
Everyone Who Started Watching 'Mad Money' In 2005 Now Billionaires
Police drone crashes into police
FDNY Rescues NYPD Officer Trying To Rescue Cat From A Tree
Hipster Tax For Being 'So Annoying' Backed By 27 Percent Of Americans: Poll
Salafist MPs: Shias are more dangerous than naked women
Gun show protest cancelled after Buckeye Firearms Assoc. highlights organizer's status as a convicted rapist
Mayoral candidate endorsed by Jesus Christ
Man Arrested for Treating 911 Like a Delivery Service
Woman Won't Stop Singing Whitney Houston, Causes Emergency Landing
Woman Kicked Off Plane After She Wouldn't Stop Singing Whitney Houston
Emirates to introduce shisha lounges onboard
Michele Bachmann: 9/11, Benghazi Were God's 'Judgment,' So We Must Hold Day Of Prayer On Sept. 11
Women's Institute Members Dress As Pirates During Lecture From Capt. Darch, Held Hostage By Somali Pirates For 47 Days
Dartmouth, a place that puts up with people of color.
90-year-old woman denied Utah ID as feds search for immigration papers in 'cave'
Hungry? Lacking protein? Eat an insect, UN says
Russia Warns Obama: Global War Over Bee Apocalypse coming soon.
Bus Driver Stages Fight Between Students in Front Yard
In the Face of Scandals Including Benghazi and IRS, Barack Obama Following Squirrel on Twitter
Marco Rubio demands resignation of non-existent IRS commissioner
Best Deals Get over 50% off the best in dining and entertainment Woman Attacks Sandwich Shop Worker Over 'too many pickles'
Woman Attacks Sandwich Shop Worker Over 'too many pickles'
Poll: Americans so over hipsters
A Movie Theater Hired Gun-Carrying Actors To Storm An 'Iron Man 3' Screening
[Sports] Metta World Peace Though Dwight Howard Joked Around Too Much
Cops call spider man after catching tarantula
Mayhem ensues as gun shaped cloud forms over Baltimore school: community looking for answers.
Justice Department follows the letter of transparency law with a completely redacted 50-page document
Top 10 Most Redneck Cities Rating Upsets NASCAR Fans
Woman stabbed boyfriend after he 'farted in her face'.
Ntagazwa hides in bathroom to escape police arrest
Japan WWII 'comfort women' were 'necessary' - Hashimoto
Former 12-year-old bandit charged in Calgary rush-hour rampage
Furry Catepillar Looks Like Donald Trump's Hair [VIDEO]
Fire Department Rescues Cop Who Was Trying To Rescue Cat From Tree
Video of Czech president staggering through national ceremony has many wondering if he was drunk
Welcome to the MILF army: The unfortunately named Muslim rebel group.
Man drives to hospital holding his sawn-off arm
NASA loses contact with International Space Station during software upgrade
Alligator Helps Florida Police Nab Suspect
Tennessee man who said he fled zombies pleads guilty to felonies in California
North Carolina May Ban Tesla Sales To Prevent "Unfair Competition"
Man wearing 'jail sucks' T-shirt arrested and sent to jail
M&S censors a granny's card to her friend Dick: Store admits it banned name and tells her to call friend Richard i
Muslim Imam Claims Women Who Don't Wear Hijabs are "Asking to be Raped", Arrested for Trying to Rape Woman
Verizon Accidentally Gives Customer's Number To Someone Else, Charges Her $50/Month For Its Mistake
Sex assault suspect: "this time I'm not admitting it."
London Zoo appeals for female mate for ugly fish
NY Cop Tries to Rescue Cat, Firefighters Rescue Cop
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev: #FreeJahar Movement Claims Boston Bomber Too Beautiful to Be Terrorist
Justin Bieber's concert takings from South Africa gig stolen by gang armed with hammers and chisels
Help ease cost of living: newlyweds You need to read it to fully grasp it. (Aussie Dollar = US dollar)
Shias are more dangerous than naked women: Salafist MPs
AN INMATE allegedly got four prison guards pregnant and used several others to help him run a drug smuggling ring from a US jail.
Theft victim who caught up with crook 'concerned about youth fitness'
Angelina Jolie has both breasts removed
Manimal Rights: How far should science go in making human-animal chimeras?
Seatbelt hater turns to t-shirt trick
Nohmul Pyramid Bulldozed In Belize For Rocks
Woman removed from flight for singing Whitney Houston song - video
Rich Manhattan moms hire handicapped tour guides so kids can cut lines at Disney World
Deputies: Suspect's wallet, excrement found at bar burglar
China critical of Japan's record of slave labor, human rights
FDNY Rescues Cop Stuck in Tree Trying to Rescue Cat
North Miami mayoral candidate says she was endorsed by Jesus
Australian Man Dead for 40 Minutes Brought Back to Life By New Resuscitation Technique
Catholic church ad calls Jesus Christ 'The Original Hipster'
Bulldozers destroy 2,300-year-old Mayan pyramid in Belize
Iran to chair U.N. arms control forum
Girl found on street in China with mouth sewn shut
LinkedIn wants prostitutes to stop using its site
Quincy Woman Punched Worker For Putting 'Too Many Pickles' On Sandwich
Japanese mayor believes in the power of sex slaves
John Boehner's daughter weds Jamaican once busted for marijuana possession.
Most Transparent Administration in History Releases Completely Redacted Document About Text Snooping
Police: Intoxicated Son Falls On Mom, Pins Her On Floor for Hours
Hipster Glasses Banned From Orthodox Brooklyn School
Marco Rubio Humiliates Himself By Demanding That the Non-Existent IRS Commissioner Resign
Women Forced Into WWII Brothels Served Necessary Role, Osaka Mayor Says
Senior Citizen Prostitution Sting: 3 Arrested In New Jersey
Over 1,000 obese cops taken off duty
Zooey Deschanel 'unrecognisable' without bangs, internet reacts
Man wakes up at his own funeral. Mourners flee.
Cleveland County woman accused of Bible beating
'1 percent' moms hire disabled guides to cut lines at Disney
Kim Jong-Un Defends Right to Obtain Journalists' Phone Records
Pay up, or this law firm will alert your family and neighbors that you may have pirated porn
Ringgold couple claims to have found secret Coca-Cola recipe
Only 10% of Americans Think They're Hipsters
'Renting' Disabled People to Skip Lines at Disney World | The Atlantic
Police: Man drank beer, smoked, cooked while in grocery
Wealthy people are hiring disabled people to pose as family members to jump to the front of the lines at Disney World.
Purveyors of bullshit slam purveyor of bullshit for purveying the very same bullshit they themselves purvey.
Call the fire department: NY police officer gets stuck in tree while rescuing cat
Eric Holder claims he was not directly involved in AP probe.
Justice Department Complies With FOIA By Releasing Completely Redacted Document
Abercrombie for the homeless
Rep. Steve King: Obama fails to congratulate Tebow for being Christian, erodes Western civilization
Kentucky Man Charged In Overnight Supermarket Feast
Swedish Man Dies From Sex With A Hornets Nest
The Company Helping Movie Studios Sue You for Illegal Downloading Has Been Using Images Without Permission
Klingon language of 'Star Trek' coming to Bing translator
Sasha Obama Suspicious After Doing A Little Digging Around On Benghazi
Russia Busts CIA 'Spy' and His Gmail
Skechers Admits Its 'Shape-Up' Shoes Don't Do Jack
POLICE: Man arrested for overnight feast inside Mt. Washington ValuMarket
The Script For The Hillary Clinton Biopic Has Leaked, And It Is Very Sexy
Butcher BB Ranch Is Feeding Marijuana to Pigs
A charity event put on by Astros' wives ends due to a lack of wives
Japanese mayor: Wartime sex slaves were necessary
Woman hysterically claims explosive in her car, told so by Jesus and Bruno Mars.
Satan 'always rips us off,' Pope warns
Unreasonable Tyrant Chip Kelly Strips Eagles of Taco Tuesday and Fast Food Friday
Chicago's O'Hare Airport Hired A Bunch Of Goats To Do Its Landscaping
Poundland cuts prices to 97p to undercut 99p rivals
Woman Allegedly Stabs Boyfriend After He Farts In Her Face
Hawaii announces return to 'Rainbow Warriors' nickname
Go eat some bugs, UN report says | Toronto Star
New Hampshire city suing 'Robin Hood' for paying parking meters of strangers
Police take man's money because he has too much of it.
Prostitution alleged at senior complex
39% of Americans who consider the Benghazi scandal the worst political scandal in US history are unable to locate Benghazi on a map
Mass. inmate requests cake, colored pens, dragon blood to follow Wiccan faith
Syrian rebel defends eating soldier's heart
Japanese politician calls wartime sex slaves 'necessary'
There's a country that will pay $300,000 per rhino horn to cure cancer and hangovers, and it's wiping out rhinos
Man dribbling soccer ball from US to Brazil killed by car
2 men try to break into unmarked police car with officers inside
'We Don't Care If You Have a Meth Lab in Your Backyard, We Just Want to Find the Baby Killer!'
Florida quietly shortened yellow light standards & lengths, resulting in more red light camera tickets for you.
Iran to chair UN nuke disarmament conference
Man playing hide-and-seek with authorities on the Mississippi River
Dude Gets Arrested For Fucking Hookers. On His Honeymoon.
Man in grocery store overnight eats 6 steaks, birthday cake
'The Book of Mormon made me want to know more': Student reveals why she converted to Mormonism after seeing comedy musical
Rich families hiring disabled people to cut lines at Disney World park
Police bomb squad called after explosion thought to be party-popper prank in West Ipswich
2,300-year-old Maya pyramid bulldozed for Belize road project
Pretzel bag narrows search for child abuser to U.S.
Dead man 'resurrected' after waking up in the middle of his own funeral
First quilter in space: NASA astronaut plans to turn orbital rags to stitches
Boy caught driving armed and towing dead donkey
ABC Admits That They Never Read Benghazi Emails That They Smeared Obama With
Ariel Castro gave ex-daughter-in-law the 'heebie-jeebies'
US woman singing 'I Will Always Love You' forces plane to divert
TN couldn't decide whether Andrea Jones is male or female, so they arrested her
small business seo services
Texas woman turns to WebMD instead of 911 after son is shot.
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford bolts from meeting to put fridge magnets on cars
Anna Pierre, North Miami Mayoral Candidate Who Claims She Was Endorsed by Jesus Christ, Comes in Last
Crazy Tumblr Uncovers 'Boy Meets World' Illuminati Conspiracy
A guy is giving abercrombie & fitch clothes to homeless people in response to A&F's stance on fat chicks.
Mayoral Candidate 'Endorsed by Jesus Christ' Finishes in Last Place
Swedish Man Dies After Trying to Have Sex With Hornet's Nest
Fowl play? Giant rubber duck drowns in Hong Kong
Police had to intervene when Star Wars fans clashed with Doctor Who fans in East Anglia
Man dies after 'sex with hornet nest'
Cash-strapped farmers feed candy to cows. "It's the same energy as corn."
Canadian Anti-Piracy Outfit Pirates Photos for its Website
Student threatened to sacrifice classmates to devil
Hadfield comes home to $1.37 million Rogers phone bill
Seaside Heights coaster wrecked by Hurricane Sandy to be replaced by new high-thrill ride called the Superstorm
Leader Of Loaded Gun March Compares Himself To Gandhi
Gitmo guards complain about harsh treatment they receive from inmates.
Deborah Burns accused of stabbing boyfriend who 'farted in her face'
FDA halts U.S. poop transplants pending further review
Chinese Bloggers Mourn Big Yellow Duck Demise
Report: Wealthy hire disabled guides to skip lines at Disney World
KFC delivers food to Gaza through tunnels
Cops Bust Prostitution Ring ... at Senior Citizen Home
Man Fired From Klu Klux Klan For Being Part Black is Suing for Racial Discrimination
Star Wars and Doctor Who fans clash at convention
Man admits that big-rig joyride was NOT caused by a zombie attack.
Rival sci-if fans clash at Star Wars convention
Man Arrested In Grocery Store After Overnight Stay, Feast - Lex18.com
Man refuses to stop drone spying on Seattle woman
Orchestra from Vienna plays music with vegetables in Madrid
Police break up fight between rival sci fi fans
Money Well Spent: Detroit's Giant RoboCop Statue
To stop bullying, student's mom escorts her in school
Blue Power Ranger won't do a reunion after being called 'faggot' a lot
French Are Most Arrogant, Say French In Pew Poll Of European Union Nations
Angry Birds Feature Film to Hit Theaters on July 1, 2016
Meet Eija-Riitta Berliner-Mauer, age 58, who has been married to the Berlin Wall since 1979.
Swedish man tries to have sex with wasp's nest, doesn't live to tell the tale
Being a success is lonely and so joyless. I wish I was mediocre like my friends
Law Professor Wants To Do Away With Most C's Because They Make Students Feel Bad
Swedish Man Dies After Having Sex With Hornet's Nest
Rapper Lupe Fiasco's management takes control of his Twitter feed following Marxist theory debate
Neil deGrasse Tyson Tells Us Why 'Star Trek' Is So Much Better Than 'Star Wars'
Swedish man dies after having sex with hornet's net
Police: 'Vampire' attacks musician outside La Crosse Center
Turkish Football Club Galatasaray Consider Blackface to Combat Racist Fans
Whole Foods Accidentally Tricks Vegans Into Eating Like Humans Have For 200,000 Years | The Gist
In scandal-plagued Washington, lawmaker struggles to keep track of issues
LinkedIn wants prostitutes to stop using it's site
The Force steps in: Sci-fi fans turn to the dark side in clash at Norwich Star Wars convention
'Doctor Who', 'Star Wars' fans clash at sci-fi convention
Man, 75, Accused of Running Prostitution Ring in New Jersey Senior Housing Complex.
Retirement Home Prostitution Ring Busted
33 High School students suspended for twerking
California frogs once used for pregnancy tests carry deadly fungus
Polish Baby Born Drunk; Blood Alcohol Content 15 Times The Legal Limit
Teen girls slam 164 doors each year
Man dies after having sex with hornets nest
KFC smugglers bring buckets of chicken through Gaza tunnels
Diddy Tweets That He's Joining Downton Abbey, PBS Disagrees
If women don't want to be raped they shouldn't drink too much, says Hong Kong official
Psy responds to being called 'herpes of music' by Green Day's Billie Joe Armstrong
Disney World vows action after report of wealthy hiring disabled to skip lines
Man dies in Sweden after having sex with a hornet nest.
91-Year-Old Ohio Man to Be Evicted From His Home by Daughter
Mom accused of helping teen daughter in Ohio classroom brawl sues school system, police
Heartgard No Prescription Online
P Diddy reveals he is joining the cast of 'Downton Abbey'
1939 Jay-Z look-alike photo surfaces, reignites conspiracy theories
Quebec policewoman investigated on suspicion of shooting... herself in the leg
Friends abandon drunk student at hospital with Post-it note
Google CEO Is Tired of Rivals, Laws, Wants to Start His Own Country
We're Here, We're White, Get Used To It! (Video)
Two bald eagles in air battle crash-land at airport
A man in Sweden found dead after having sex with a beehive (article in French)
Mainland excised from Australia's migration zone
BBC News - Star Wars and Doctor Who fans clash
Florida woman allegedly stabs boyfriend after he farts in her face
Local Man Has Charles Ramsey Tatto
NFL Player Instagrams self photo urinating on IRS Building
Ada welcomes 69 to spring training
Marijuana users searching for bigger highs may start injecting THC, doctor fears
UKIP candidate Alex Wood suspended over 'Nazi salute' insists he was 'reaching for a friend's phone'
Israeli inspector pours bleach over food in Tel Aviv restaurant run by African migrants.
Now Venezuela is running out of toilet paper
Venezuela is not only running out of toilet paper, they are importing it.
Child abuser nabbed because he couldn't stop eating pretzels while abusing a child. (X-post from /r/justiceporn)
Police Break Up Fight Between 'Star Wars' and 'Doctor Who' Fans
A new use for Gaza's smuggling tunnels: KFC delivery
Pat Robertson tells wife of cheating husband to be grateful for marriage, make home more enticing
Man With 'Cop Killa' Tattoo Charged With Threatening Cops
A Third of Americans Want to Tax Hipsters for 'Being so Annoying'
Man stuck in McDonald's baby high chair freed by police.
Supreme Court rules that God is above the law
Roodunnit: Australian Politician attacked by Kangaroo
Bea Arthur topless painting sells for nearly $2M
Man claims he was "drying his car" form carwash when pulled over for driving almost double the speed limit.
Man runs amok at BART station; long delays
Australian Politician Attacked by Kangaroo
Natural Healing: Tree Hugging Scientifically Validated
Owner destroys £276,000 Maserati at car show in China just because he was angry with dealer over 'poor customer service'
Florida man claims Red Lobster poisoned him with Budweiser
A Dead Body Was Found on 'Cash In The Attic'
Pope Francis tells Pope Benedict top stop rolling his eyes in meetings
School takes preschooler's bag lunch, claiming it's not healthy, force her to buy chicken nuggets instead.
Georgia Man Burns Down Neighbor's House Over Unkempt Lawn
Dandy-related events at RISD
Mom Enters Fetus In A Beauty Pageant
Ramps may be required in all new Austin homes
Rule #5. Canadians need not apply.
Why a man eats another man's heart - CNN
Omg, that is so CUTE! Study investigates favourite female adjective
'Scissorhands' Ancient Lobster Named After Johnny Depp
Robertson Tells Woman Whose Husband Cheated to Remember 'He's a Man' and be Grateful She Lives in America
Detroit business paid employees with crack
Police: Lead Suspect in Murder Case is Internet Celebrity "Kai the Hatchet-Wielding Hitchhiker"
Republicans Agree to Stop Using the Word "Scandal" in Every Sentence if Obama Resigns
Republican Congressman Loves "Conservative Message" of Public Enemy
Buckets of KFC smuggled under border
Nintendo to patch 'bug' that allows for same-sex couples in 3DS game
Okay woman arrested in sister's death
'Dead' man wakes up during own funeral: "I feel okay now"
Law student sues law school for implying he's litigious.
Internet Celebrity "Kai the Hatchet-Wielding Hitchhiker" Wanted in NJ Killing
Kai, the hatchet-wielding hitchhiker, is prime suspect in a murder
Buckets of KFC being smuggled into Gaza
Anna Pierre Is Endorsed By Jesus Christ, According to North Miami Mayoral Campaign Flyer
Australian Students Accidentally Taught That Robots Led the Russian Revolution
Local Man Has Charles Ramsey Tattooed on Leg
Dick Trickle, former NASCAR driver, dead of self-inflicted gunshot wound | From the Marbles - Yahoo! Sports
Venezuelans scrambling to find scarce toilet paper
Venezuela running out of toilet paper
Something is wrong when a country says it's 40 Million rolls short on Toilet Paper
Now Venezuela is running out of toilet paper Read more at http://www.philly.com/philly/news/nation_world/20130516_ap_nowvenezuelaisrunningoutoftoiletpaper.html#pIrPv0tCx6G0rh8l.99
Sailor with cancer charged for being AWOL over sick day
Dems offer gun control bill inspired by latest James Bond movie 'Skyfall'
Air India Pilot Locked Out of Cockpit After Using Bathroom, Flight Makes Emergency Landing
Students' Pregnant Bellies Banned From Yearbook Pics
Bear Vs. Monkey Bicycle Race Ends With Bear Eating Monkey
Lamborghini unveils 'Egoista' for selfish supercar owners
There's A Tire Shop In Detroit That Pays Employees With Crack
Obama Breaches Marine Umbrella Protocol
Speeding Chatham driver tells police he was 'drying out' his vehicle
Venezuela to import 50 Million rolls of toilet paper after government claims it's wiped out
Anne Arundel school officials decline to clear record of child who made 'pastry gun'
Physical Strength And Political Conservatism Co-Evolved, Say Social Scientists
For Sale: A video of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford smoking crack cocaine
Fake cemetery serves as scarecrow for vagrants
North Miami mayoral candidate touts endorsement from Jesus Christ
Fresno crooks busted after ass dialing 9-1-1 during crime spree
"Disney's sexier, skinnier Merida to stay, despite protests" - Does it even matter?
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford in 'crack cocaine' video scandal
Bending to popular anger, Putin installs helipad at Kremlin
Bea Arthur topless painting fetches $1.9M
Study: Handbags May Have More Bacteria Than A Toilet Seat
Jets first-round CB Dee Milliner fires his agents after falling out of the Top 5 | Shutdown Corner
Canvas painted blue with a white line sells for nearly $44 million.
Restaurant Chain 'Pizza Hut' Makes Pizza Scented Perfume
Rich people are hiring disabled people to skip lines at Disney World
Rich Mothers Hire Disabled People to Skip the Lines at Disney World
Palestinians tunneling under the Gaza Strip to get KFC
Kai the Hitchhiker accused of beating a man to death after being "drugged and sexually assaulted"
Snagging a fugitive goat is harder than it seems, Mont Vernon police discover
Australia excises itself from its own migration zone
Change in the Force may allow Jedi marriages
Sacramento Doctor Reprimanded For Suggesting Oral Sex To Patient
American Airlin'es Loses Body of 85 Year Old Grandma
Holidaymakers marched out of hotel under armed guard after threatening to give bad feedback on TripAdvisor
American Airlines Loses Body of 85 Year Old Grandma
China-wide fake sanitary napkin ring busted: Shanghaiist
Dog bite claims fall, except for mail carriers
Why is there so much poop in swimming pools?
Ann Coulter claims that the new Star Trek is a pro-Obama, multicultural piece of propaganda
Greek member of Parliament yells "Heil Hitler!" in the middle of a debate
Redditor posts about safe and answers in same sentence
Chopard jewels worth $1m, to be worn by stars at Cannes film festival, snatched from hotel room during premiere of The Bling Ring, a movie about a gang of thieves who stole from the rich
Woman's Vagina Disappears After Sleeping With Married Man..
Rich Manhattan moms hiring disabled guides to skip Disney World lines
Pizza with a Side of Cocaine
Justin Bieber 'owes thousands' after leaving monkey hanging in Germany
Domino's Brazil Is Making DVDs That Smell Like Pizza
Motorist Blames "Bad" Chinese Food For His Decision To Flee Accident Scene
Pharmacy burglar dressed as ninja: Thief made hole in roof to get inside southwest Houston Walgreens.
Michelle Malkin: 'Beware of IVAW nut-ball Adam Kokesh'
Electric shocks to brain help students solve maths problems, scientists say
Famed Race Driver Dick Trickle Dies, Suicide Suspected.
Woman accused of stabbing boyfriend who 'farted in her face'.
Woman solves a murder in a Kentucky town. The town hates her for it.
Protesting Pink: Barbie Dreamhouse Gets Fiery Welcome in Berlin
Life-Sized Barbie Dreamhouse Opens in Berlin
Woman Killed Her 82-Year-Old Mom on Mother's Day, Authorities Say
Topless FEMEN Protesters Disrupt Barbie 'Dreamhouse Experience' Opening In Berlin
Man Cuts Off Own Penis During Fight With Girlfriend: "Well you got drunk, got into a fight with your girlfriend, and cut off your own penis. Then you flushed it down the toilet, preventing us from reattaching it, and you now have a one inch stump."
Pool season begins; beware of poop
Boston woman is accused of extorting lawyer to pay for breast implants
Chef Allegedly Killed Over Meal Diners Thought Was Poorly Prepared
GOP Rep. proclaims love of 'so-called gangsta rap' and Public Enemy's 'conservative message'
Saskatchewan woman gave birth to baby in Wal-Mart,leaves it in toilet stall.
Venezuelans scramble to find toilet paper as government plans imports to alleviate shortage
Bill Clinton named "Father of the Year"
A Woman Pregnant For 46 Years Gave Birth To A Mummy
GOP Congressman Explains Love Of Hip-Hop, Specifically Public Enemy's 'Conservative' Message
Potsdam Man Accused Of Rubbing Pepperoni On His...
Doctor Unk indicted for hitting a cyclist while intoxicated. Dr. Unk.
Toronto mayor denies crack-smoking claim
Fun-seeking ninja burgles prescription medication in late night heist.
McDonald's worker reports car stolen - sees it in her drive-thru lane hours later
Cops Follow Trail of Coins to Thief's House
Tiny breaks from sitting can whittle a tinier waist
Scientists study violent winds of Uranus
Berlusconi's 'bunga bunga' parties allegedly featured showgirls dressed as sexy nuns, nurses, and Barack Obama
Teen girl arrested for biting penis of her boyfriend after he refused to have sex.
Cat-hating man divorces wife when surprised with 550 cats
Urban Outfitters Wants To Open A Bar/Restaurant In Williamsburg
Ann Coulter Walks Out of Star Trek, Claims 'Too Many Minorities'
Teacher could be fired for eating homemade lunch in classroom
Australian politician sorry for 'liking' Facebook photo of teenager's genitals
Meet Archie, the Immaculately Conceived Anteater.
Bacon Bacon shut down for smelling too much like bacon
Michigan school bans 'baby bumps' from yearbook pics
SF Bacon Restaurant Shut Down for Smelling Like Too Much Bacon
Hipsters' PBR Obsession Driving Up Prices Of Cheap Beer: Study
Goats hired as landscapers at Chicago's O'Hare Airport
Witches can't fly brooms above 150 meters in Swaziland
Berlusconi's bunga bunga parties featured strippers dressed as Obama
Teen gets iPad, piggy bank stolen by pepper spray-wielding hooker he hired while parents were out
'Hitler' Sets Gay Son On Fire In Peru
Guy imitates "Back to the Future" by mixing LSD and alcohol and then driving his car into another vehicle.
Whole Foods Introduces $35 Loaf of Bread With 'Cruelty-Free Yeast'
Obama scandals: Now, umbrella-gate
Cop Who Shot Self In Leg Thought Someone Else Did It, Sparked Hunt For Gunman
Police Have Better Things To Do Than Rescue Adult Men Wedged In McDonald's High Chairs
The latest Domino's Pizza marketing stunt: DVDs that smell like a pepperoni pie
Japanese man test drives a Lexus, found and arrested 112 miles away: "I wanted to see my grandma"
Man Jailed For Rubbing Pepperoni On His Weiner At Grocery Store
Bacon Restaurant Shut Down for Making Neighborhood Smell Like Bacon
Report: Former USC Upstate coach threatened Spartanburg reporter with Michael Jackson lyrics
Banks refuse to maintain accounts, give loans to porn stars
Prison inmate sues Taco Bell over Doritos Locos Taco Invention
Man cuts off his own penis during a fight with girlfriend in Taiwan.
Armor-Clad Mayor Asks City: 'Who's Willing To Fight For Stockton?'
Georgia Man Puts Supposed Original Coke Recipe on eBay
The mystery of the explosive poop foam
Charles Ramsey Tattoo and Action Figure.
A book deal at 23. A stellar career. An enviable lifestyle. But AMY MOLLOY says: 'Being a success is lonely and so joyless. I wish I was mediocre like my friends'
Man gets municipal government to remove speedbump because his expensive Lexus LFA supercar cannot clear it.
Saudi passenger demands air hostess be removed from flight
EU to ban olive oil jugs from restaurants
EU to ban refillable olive oil jugs and dipping bowls
After being bombarded with requests for Bacon Flavored Sexual Lubricant, J & D's delivers!
Police in Nigeria are holding a goat on suspicion of the attempted armed robbery of a Mazda 323.
Diageo Seeks Turkey Drink Limit Balance After Mey Icki Purchase
Crowd Led by Priests Attacks Gay Rights Marchers in Georgia
Muslim 'Honor Kills' His Sister - After Impregnating Her
Doctor in Trouble For Recommending a Patient Give a Lot of Blowjobs to Improve Her Gag Reflex
Toronto mayor Rob Ford claims it was not he, but his twin brother Mike in recently leaked footage of himself smoking crack-cociane.
Gawker Crowdfunding to Buy Mayor Crack Tape
Pro-life activists threaten to slit throat of TD [Irish Parliamentarian]
Venezuela has run out of toilet paper
Northwestern student govt nominee's confirmation blocked because he is a 'heterosexual white male'
Dancer says showgirls dressed as Barack Obama at Berlusconi "bunga-bunga" party
Bicycle hearse offers 'one last ride' to final resting place
US Military Officials Call Sex Abuse In Ranks Serious Problem
Florida teen being charged with sex crimes because of same sex relationship.
Beat-up cellphones with cracked screens are point of pride for some young people
Star Wars and Doctor Who Fans Clash at Sci-Fi Convention
Women's Rights Bill Deemed Too Offensive in Afghanistan
Malawi divorce cases increase due to genital infection: Health expert calls for men to cut foreskins
Unusual: Boy dies after masturbating 42 times
Toronto mayor Rob Ford refutes crack smoking claims by saying he has a twin brother
'Smallest Penis Contest' In Brooklyn: New York Bar To Honor The Small Things
NBA Draft: GM says no one worthy of No. 1 pick this year
Shocks to the brain promise 'long-lasting' boost in math skills, study finds
Brazilian Mother Names All 15 of Her Children 'Walter'
Mars Rover Draws Penis On Red Planet
Albany Man Passed on Office Pool That Won $319 Million Jackpot
Venezuela Toilet Paper Shortage: Government To Import 50 Million Rolls
My boyfriend says my vagina is repulsive
Charges laid over alleged sex with pig named Michael Jackson
Bloomberg's Advice To Average People: Skip College And Become A Plumber
Colsaerts hits ball into toilet, forced to take 'relief'
Belgian golfer beaten by Bulgarian toilet
Insane Photos From The Days When The Preakness Was A Big Gross Frat Party
Mysterious Poop Foam Causes Explosions on Hog Farms
Student Rejected for Diversity Post Because He is "White"
Illinois Library Embraces Crowdfunding To Bring Its Patrons A 3D Printer (And A Giant Hulk Statue)
Russian space lizards return to Earth
Texas Woman Charged After Putting Her Son Up for Adoption on Craigslist
Dickiest, most wonderful interview of Donald Rumsfeld EVER on NPR
In the long run, we are telepathic androids
Ryanair plans to put only one toilet on planes in latest scheme to slash fares
Titanic II was announced at a press conference in New York. "It will be the most safe cruise ship in the world when it launches," Palmer said.
Woman drops purse in Starbucks, accidentally shoots friend with handgun
Nerd gets revenge on laptop thief by publishing his porn history along with photos of his "masturbation face."
Winning racehorse named 'Fiftyshadesofhay'
Rob Ford Claims He Has Twin Brother
Mars Rover 'Draws' Penis On Red Planet & NASA Picture Goes Viral
Study Reveals Female Rape Victims Enjoyed the Experience
Twitter will damn your soul, Saudi cleric says
Kim Jong-Un Could Give North Korea Internet At The Flip Of A Switch
Obama Admits He's A Socialist
Kangaroo knocks politician to ground as he enjoys morning jog
Obama Denies Role in Government
Suspects Butt Dial 9-1-1 During Alleged Burglary
Samurai wielding home owner kills armed robber in California.
The KFC smugglers of Gaza
Politicians furious over Bronx bus company's 'Ghetto' tour
Powerball winner faces a radically changed life, analyst says
Friends, prostitutes commingle on social networks
Brooklyn Bar Holding Smallest Penis In Brooklyn Contest
Home invasion suspect killed my samurai sword wielding home owner.
Ship Hits Bridge and Sinks, Local Residents Panic Buy Water
Schools start banning games such as tag at recess so they don't get hurt.
Ranbaxy Laboratories knowingly sold inferior and dangerously contaminated generic drugs. An executive responds to concerns surrounding the quality of AIDS drugs sold in Africa, by stating "Who cares? It's just blacks dying."
Sharjah (UAE) cops steal cars in the city to teach lesson
Man jailed for allegedly breaking into prison.
Florida Teen Faces Felony Charges Over Same-Sex Relationship
Nutella's biggest fan has been told to stop promoting the brand online.
Giant Snails Invading Florida, "Major Threat" to Crops
Angelina Jolie inspires women to maim themselves by celebrating medically perverted double mastectomies
Study to set scene for fat tax bunfight
Wells Fargo Forecloses On Homeowner Who Made Payments Too Early
Burglar caught after leaving fingerprints on Jaffa Cakes [x-post]
French households face tax bill over 100 per cent of earnings
Burglar caught after leaving fingerprints on Jaffa Cakes
Smashed smartphone screens become status symbol
Official video teaches Singaporeans how to shower
Father slits throats of son and daughter and flees scene on roller skates
Berlusconi's parties featured women dressed as Obama.
Fans Are Buying All of Robert Griffin III's Wedding Registry Gifts, and He Has a Picture to Prove It
Waitress Says She Was Fired For Balking At Skimpy New Outfits
Man arrested with umbrella that looked like a sword.
Cops rush to nab suspected doughnut thief in Bed-Stuy
'Not it!' More schools ban games at recess
Wealthy Moms Rent Disabled Guides In Order To Skip Lines At Disney World
Yahoo buying Tumblr for $1.1 billion, vows not to screw it up
California suspects accidentally dial 911 during crime: "We really called 911?"
French-turned-Russian actor Depardieu compares Putin to Pope John Paul II
The woman who claims she is too pretty to take a job: Graduate 'hounded by sex pests and jealous females'
Judge accused of having sex with witness appears in courtroom
Supermarkets summoned to explain confusing pricing policies
Toilet paper shortage in Venezuela due to 'excessive demand' says minister
Dear American Consumers: Please Don't Start Eating Healthfully. Sincerely, the Food Industry
A&W Is Paying To Put Mini Ads In Men's Beards
Big rig carrying fruit crashes on 210 Freeway, creates jam
Honeybees trained to sniff out landmines in Croatia
Hotel bans kids with Down syndrome
Crafty sheep conquer cattle grids
Bacon restaurant shut down for smelling like bacon
Justin Bieber reminds booing crowd that Chevrolet has deemed him a serious artist
Tumblr Community Responds to Yahoo Bid
Disney World Scheme: Entitled Families Hire Disabled Guide to Bypass Lines, Says Report - Yahoo
"I buy local" spotlight: WalMart
Robbers arrested after pocket-dialing 911 during crime, police say
Man gets payout for not shaking woman's hand
Game of bones: Brooklyn bar hosting contest to find NY's smallest 'scepter'
Daily Kos: Koch Brothers Buy Ayn Rand Corpse
Island man needs extensive surgery after smashing into whale
Police Raid School Teacher For Uploading a $4.00 History Book so his Students Could Have Online Resources
Police raid school teacher for uploading $4.00 history book to his website that offers free educational resources for students
Hip households in New York are installing tepees as places of play and reflection
DEPUTIES: Woman Tries To Poison Family Over Cheese Dispute
Bishops offer Penn State help to prevent abuse
Bacon Restaurant Forced to Close after San Fran Residents Complain of Aroma of Bacon
Man Punched, Kicked for Saying He Dislikes Marijuana
Transgender woman jailed with men after allegedly exposing breasts
United States not overreacting to North Korea's missile launches
KFC 'giant' chicken sign angers Cambridgeshire villagers
Senior killed by donkeys after being dragged from scooter
Most in the U.S. would prefer sleep over sex, study finds
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's nurses admit it's hard not to call him 'hon'
Washington State Butcher Spikes Pig Feed With Weed
Huggies TweetPee tweets parents at the moment of wetness
English flag banned in England: Might 'offend' Muslims
Amtrak upgrades Wi-Fi, allowing passengers to complain about it even faster
Do Obama's small biceps explain his liberal politics?
Teen dies after hiding embarrassing testicle lump
A DVD That Smells Like Domino's Pizza
Hungarian Pensioner Dragged From Scooter And Killed By Donkeys
Australian Politician Injured in Kangaroo Attack
Eel in butt puts Chinese man in hospital
Man charged with DUI, said he doesn't recall accident
Azerbaijan's dictator requires Grand Prix investigation
SAP to hire hundreds of autists (German article)
NY Man Rubs Pepperoni on His Penis, Puts It Back
Here Comes the White Power Safety Patrol
Tourists Stranded on a Floating Iceberg
Kids become OCD from strep throat.
Kids catch OCD from form of strep
Gay marriage bill may lead to 'lesbian queen and artificially inseminated heir'
Bridge-and-Tunnel 'Poser Hipsters' Clog Williamsburg Bars, Locals Complain
Movie studios send fraudulent censorship demands over Pirate Bay documentary
Father who set up video to capture 'paranormal' activity accidentally films his girlfriend having sex with his teenage son instead.
Dad tries to film ghost, accidentally tapes partner cheating with his son
Moscow blasts alleged vote theft at Eurovision
Russia Lodges Diplomatic Complaint over Eurovision Voting
'CSI: Shanghai' cancelled due to lack of crime
West, Texas Blast Was Caused By an Arsonist, Electrical Short or Golf Cart, Officials Say
Russia vows reprisals for 'stolen' song contest votes
GOP Aides Mock House Republicans' 'Crazy' Benghazi Witch-Hunt
Did Pope Francis just perform an exorcism?
Microsoft announces live action 'Halo' TV series with Steven Spielberg
Processed Meats Declared too Dangerous for Human Consumption
UKIP Councillor: 'Most gays are heterophobic', and 'have no rights to marry in church'.
Forklift Driver Survives Plunge Into Soy Sauce
Hollywood Studios Use DMCA To Censor Pirate Bay Documentary
AAPL Testifies: 'Why the Hell Do I Have to Keep Updating iPhone Apps,' Asks McCain
NASA is funding a 3D food printer, and it'll start with pizza
Noel Edmonds' black taxi mannequin gets a makeover from blonde to brunette
Sheep attacks 56-year-old man
Man sets up video camera to catch ghosts, films girlfriend and 16-year-old son having sex
Beat-up cellphones with Beat-up cellphones with cracked screens are point cracked screens are point of pride for some young of pride for some young people people
Beat-up cellphones with cracked screens are point cracked screens are point of pride for some young of pride for some young people people
Unemployed woman claims to be too pretty to work
Mandatory Drug Testing Would've Prevented Boston Bombing, Says Owner of Drug Testing Company
Kanye west to call his new album Yeezus
Oklahoma senator: Tornado aid "totally different" from Sandy aid
Daft Punk set to Remix Daft Punk
Fergie's chewing gum sold for £390,000
Interns Built the Pyramids
Sir Alex Ferguson's chewing gum sold for £390,000
April Macie: Lance Armstrong asked me to perform a lewd sex act on him (NSFW)
Xbox One to Become More Powerful Over Time via Cloud Computing
Hipsters Tired of "Hipsters" Ruining Williamsburg
Ex military called in to snipe feral goats from helicopters in the Galapagos islands, to protect tortoise population - [0:58]
Congress creates massive tax loopholes, shocked Apple uses them
Can the new Xbox One save gaming?
Woman quits work after 'good looks caused massive problems'
Bum flash blamed for highway rollover
Sony Stock Up Nine Percent After Xbox One Reveal
A teenager from a small town near Boston is arrested, charged as a terrorist, and faces 20 years in prison, all for posting lyrics on Facebook.
Local butcher bringing home the bacon with 'marijuana pigs'
Right-wing writer shoots himself dead at altar of Notre Dame after marriage equality passes
15-year-old Californian girl gets an A on an essay citing urban dictionary to deny the holocaust.
Russian foreign minister vows to investigate his country's "outrageous" poor Eurovision showing
The Chosun Ilbo (English Edition): Daily News from Korea
Koreans more racist than Chinese and Japanese
Common Gnomes Pop Up at Rarefied Flower Show, to Horror of Many
World record price paid for Belgian racing pigeon Bolt
Michele Bachmann Has Inspired a Sexy Romance Novel
Rogue Penguins Break Out of Zoo Yet Again
Man runs out of gas on the interstate, sets up drum kit
Welcome to unwelcome speech on campus
It's illegal in Calgary to tell people when to cross the street without professional training (X-Post from /r/Calgary)
It's illegal in Alberta to tell people when to cross the street without professional training.
Florida teacher suspended for touching student with banana during lesson on Freudian symbolism
Virginia Parents Outraged After Walmart Security Allegedly Suspected Father Of Kidnapping Biracial Daughters
Parents cross over walkway patrol
Sandor Horvath, Hungarian Pensioner Dragged From Scooter And Killed By Donkeys (PICTURES)
Psychiatrist sentenced to 30 days in jail after booby trapping Oregon bike trails
Woman quits job to make vodka, bacon lollipops
Teacher suspended for allegedly touching girl with banana
Australian Christian Lobby likens Gay marriage to genocide of Australian aboriginals.
Rolling Stone Owner Puts Son, 22, In Charge of RollingStone.com
Rolling Stone owner makes 22-year-old son the boss of his website
Spain spent $680 million on a submarine that can't swim
Oklahoma tornado, killing up to 91, blamed on gay Jason Collins
15-year-old girl learns the truth about the holohoax, submits a report and gets an A
CITIZEN COLUMNIST: Best reality TV she ever saw wasn't even real - SCNow: Citizen Columnists
Spain just spent $680 million on a submarine that can't swim
Man tries to set up video to record ghosts haunting his house, records his girlfriend having sex with his teenage son instead.
Miami cannibal victim learning how to play guitar
Venezuela Ends Toilet Paper Shortage
So in Dubai, the number of Abandoned Luxury Cars lying around is kind of a Problem
Queretaro FC Relegated From Mexican First Division, Owner Simply Buys Another Top Tier Team And Moves Them To Queretaro
Va. father says he was suspected of kidnapping his kids by Walmart security -- due to his children being mixed race
Man chops off own penis on Penryn street (From Falmouth Packet)
Experts say Oklahoma tornado's power dwarfs Hiroshima bomb, as residents face long road to recovery
'Small penis' leads to boy's suicide
North Korea launches missiles into sea, conquers sea.
Westboro Baptist Church Member Blames Oklahoma Tornado On Jason Collins' Coming Out
Fema uses 'Waffle House index' to take stock of Oklahoma tornado disaster
Prague plans 'Love Train' subway dating
Shoplifter stole joint of beef - because it reminded him of his dead grandmother
Girl's Lemonade Day sale halted by misunderstanding at IMS
McCain Asks Apple to Stop Making Him Update His Apps
More than 1,460 BSA delegates will gather Thursday at the Gaylord Texan hotel in Grapevine to vote on a resolution that would allow openly gay youth to participate in Scouting.
'Fifty Shades of Grey' suspected of causing baby boom
Rehabbing Lohan Hasn't Brushed Hair 'in Days': Source
Ukip Donor Demetri Marchessini: Bible Says Women Wearing Trousers Is 'An Abomination'
Teenager dragged to court for giving away a friend's VIRTUAL gold coins in an online fantasy game
Man Thought His Kitchen Was Haunted. Now His LIFE Will Be Haunted...
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his fangirls
Man sets up camera hoping to catch some paranormal activity on film. Ends up catching his wife and son having sex.
Bowling Pins Left Standing After Tornado Demolishes Bowling Alley
Woman dies, gives birth, comes back to life
For the young, cracked cellphones speak volumes
"I Want to Play Iron Man" Says Jackie Chan
'Girls Gone Wild' founder calls jury 'retarded,' says they should be 'shot dead'
The Woman Who Wants to Give Birth to a Shark
Hillary Clinton's Buzz, Anthony Weiner's Staff
Sailor Runs World Record 1.5 Mile, Discharged for not Meeting Physical Standards
Amazon Wants To Build A Bio-Dome Three Blocks From An Actual, Normal Park
Michelle Obama Said to be Considering an Extended Vacation
Teenager Keiron Belmont in court for decimating man's online RuneScape fantasy game profile
Gif's inventor says ignore dictionaries and say "Jif" - BBC News
Man Sues South Philly Sex Shop, Claims Gel Burned His Weenie
Low-cost airline Ryanair mulls Israel-Auschwitz route
Man Accused of Stealing Car With Salesman Inside.
Today: Rob Ford hands out fridge magnets at a funeral. When asked about drug allegations, responds: "Have some respect."
Verizon calls in J-Lo to announce Viva Movil, a phone retailer with a Latino focus
J Lo partners with Verizon to launch Viva Movil, a Latino-focused retail chain
Sergio García apologises to Tiger Woods over 'fried chicken' comment
Mayoral Candidate Endorsed By Jesus Christ Comes In Last, Loses To Gay Man
Sadly, You Are Uglier Than You Think
Community to clean up city hall by giving money to crack dealer
Paperless public libraries switch to digital - BBC News
Lord Mayor of Dublin says Mayoral mansion is haunted.
Paris Hilton signs to Cash Money Records
Taco Bell is Testing a Waffle Taco
Venezuela ends toilet paper shortage - BBC News
Europe's push against tax fraud gains momentum - BBC News
BBC News - EU leaders in drive against tax evasion at Brussels summit
Test post please ignore - BBC News
Paris Hilton Signs With Cash Money Records
In Wake of Sex Scandals, Air Force Dismantles Fleet Of 'Pussy Wagon' Recruiting Vehicles
The Mansion House is haunted- Lord Mayor.
Taco Bell Tests Out Waffle Tacos
Suspect fleeing police runs into St. Louis County police headquarters
Paris Hilton Signs With Cash Money Records For Album Of House Music
German firm to hire hundreds with autism
Ke$ha drank her own pee on TV, and The Parents Television Council is not cool with it
Florida Woman Illegally Rides Manatee Like a Horse
Mother Shaves Numbers on Quadruplet's Head to Identify Them
Ke$ha's Pee-Drinking Incident Really Pissed Off the Parents Television Council
'Bishop' Gets 37 Years For Sending Pipe Bombs to Corporations
Florida High School Suspends Teacher for Touching Girl on Head With Banana.
Bronx residents complain that planes flying over 'Planeview Park' near LaGuardia makes too much noise.
15-Year-Old Has 3 Days To Come Up With $15 Million For A Coca-Cola Recipe He Bought On eBay
Attempted North Carolina Cheese Massacre
Taylor Powers, Naked CU-Boulder Student, Rescued From Chautauqua Park After Getting Too High On Mushrooms - The Huffington Post
Woman says she's too pretty for work
Man Runs Out of Gas, Sets Up Drum Kit on Interstate 695
Conservative nut job blames the government for the Oklahoma tornado.
Woman, 37, 'stabbed boyfriend after he farted in her face during argument'
Oh Hey, It's a Naked Man on a Scooter, Carrying a Crucifix
Morrissey Issues Call to Action Against Foie Gras
Mod from r/nig*ers asks reddit mods to not target them with shadowbans because they are a minority
Windows Chief: Windows 8 Wasn't Designed 'To Spite You' Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/microsofts-julie-larson-green-windows-8-wasnt-designed-to-spite-you-2013-5#ixzz2U4zLs200
Alex Jones pushes tornado truther theory: 'There's weather weapon stuff going on'
Windows Chief: Windows 8 Wasn't Designed 'To Spite You'
Wells Fargo Forecloses On Homeowner For Making Early Mortgage Payments
Arrest Warrant Issued for Late Rapper Tim Dog.
UN Raps Japan For Not Funding Pro-Pyongyang Schools
35 police needed to rescue one naked student from mountaintop
Homeowner kills robbery suspect with samurai sword after being untied during said robbery
Fresno homeowner kills robbery suspect with samurai sword
Eric Schmidt: we have to fight for privacy, or we're going to lose it
Volkswagen Fixes Their Diesels Because Idiots Keep Putting Gas In Them
Turkish Sociologist Fehmi Kaya Apologises For Suggesting Link Between Atheism And Autism
Olivia Wilde, Bono, Richard Branson join Matt Damon's 'toilet strike'.
UK Police ban 86-year-old woman from selling cheese.
Chinese Newspaper Confuses the Japanese Military with DeviantArt
Singer Jacqueline Simpson Sues McDonald's, Claims Chicken Sandwich Incident Ruined Her Voice
90-Year-Old Legendary Actor Christopher Lee Set to Unleash a Metal Album Next Week
Zimbabwe: President Mugabe Condemns Suarez
Don't say 'raw milk' at the Vernon Hershberger trial. Well, at least it's not "Jehovah"
Kangaroo injures Australian politician
IRS Misses Filing Deadline
Angered over bathroom fan request, Man defecates in roommate's car, police say
Driver who tweeted about knocking cyclist over is under investigation
Philly man shoots up strip club with AK-47 after DJ plays wrong song
Pope Francis 'performs first exorcism'
Microsoft's new Kinect patent goes Big Brother, will spy on you for the MPAA
7 year old girl killed by falling suicide jumper
University Lost Money Selling Beer To College Kids
Cleveland Hero Charles Ramsey Rewarded With Burgers For Life
Jose Canseco charged with rape, tweets the whole thing
Mom has son arrested for stealing her Pop-Tarts
Lil Waynes label Cash Money signs Paris Hilton
French police end missing persons searches, suggest using Facebook instead
Doctors Save Life Of Baby Boy Using 3-D Printing Technology
Girl killed by falling suicide jumper
Fashion Bully (11), Forced to Wear Thrift Shop Clothes
Vancouver man misplaces Porsche on BC Ferry
Westboro Baptist Church Blames Kevin Durant for Oklahoma Tornado
My Husband Shot My Butt With A gun, But I Still Love Him
Suspect Accidently Calls 911, Recording His Murder Plan
Mom has son arrested for eating Pop-Tarts without permission
Glenn Beck: CNN interview with atheist tornado survivor was a setup!
'Very lonely' pensioner repeatedly inserted hand in horse's bottom
New Jersey Man Crushed by 1500 Pounds of Pineapples
Germany most popular country in the world
Florida Woman Draws Dong On Stranger's Car, Leaves Post-It Note Explaining Why
Biden Praises Jews, Goes Too Far, Accidentally Thrills Anti-Semites
Vancouver man abandons Porsche on B.C. ferry
Cashier Sells Self $1m Ticket: Won Powerball A Week After Winning Pick 4
Bowling Shoe Law Being Debated in State Legislature.
NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner uses Pittsburgh's skyline for campaign website background.
Venezuela Suffers Through Toilet Paper Shortage
Mom has Son Arrested for Eating Pop Tarts
Council members abstain from vote on abstaining.
Williamsburg Hipsters Unhappy With 'Poser Hipsters'
Cops Go Undercover at High School to Bust Special-Needs Kid for Pot
Mindscapes: First Interview with a Dead Man
Price of corn dogs going up? Blame Steve Jobs
Chuck Norris sees self in Tim Tebow
Florida Mayor Candidate Claims Jesus Endorsed Her, Gets Only 56 Votes, Loses To Gay Man
Man given heart of suicide victim marries donor's widow and then kills himself in exactly the same way
McDonald's Has Created Its Highest Calorie Menu Item Ever
Cops Go Undercover at High School to Bust Special-Needs Kid for Pot: Why Are Police So Desperate to Throw Kids in Jail?
'Very lonely' Crieff pensioner repeatedly inserted hand in horse's bottom
Chuck Norris defends Tim Tebow
Venezuela Toilet Paper Shortage, Government Claims Conspiracy
Traditional Japanese Art Created Using Excel Spreadsheets
Holocaust Survivor Dances to 'I Will Survive' at Concentration Camps
Charles Ramsey statue to be unveiled
Williamsburg Hipsters Are Unhappy With 'Poser Hipsters' From Manhattan Clogging Their Bars
Don't say 'raw milk' at the Vernon Hershberger trial - Isthmus
NY to legislate where bowling shoes are worn
A court in Belgium has sentenced a man to four months in prison for tearing up a Koran, which was thrown at his head by a group of angry Muslims.
Rodeo Argument Ends With Wife Biting Man's Genitals
Obama Orders Holder To Investigate Himself
EA Vice President says PS4 and Xbox One are a generation ahead of the current fastest gaming PC on the market
Woman claims she is too pretty to have a job
Birth control in sex ed classes passes Illinois Senate [x-post /r/sex]
Anthony Weiner's N.Y. mayor Web site features skyline of Pittsburgh
Chinese media mistake deviantART for Japanese military concepts
York County couple stabbed each other during 'American Idol' argument, police say
Wii U Sales Rank On Amazon UK Jumps 875 Percent After Xbox One Reveal
Here come the Tornado truthers
NYC Teacher Offers Suicide Note Writing Class to Ease Fear of Death (warning: has autoplay video)
WWE wrestler challenges Lt. Gov. Ramsey to Internet sales tax debate
Anti-Trudeau [Liberal Party of Canada leader] ads made viewers more likely to vote Liberal: poll
Forest dept bans laughing in park
Man caught allegedly downloading child porn at a McDonald's in Selma
Brad Pitt keeps breaking his silence on how boring marriage to Jennifer Aniston was
Psy Imposter Fools Cannes Partygoers And Festival Organizers For Free Swag
Tyrannical chimp ruins childhood
Legalization of pot in California forced a dealer to move to New York, where he now quadruples his pot-selling income (x-post from /r/nyc)
BBC News - Cheese maker warned against supplying cheese
BBC News - Cheese-maker warned against Gloucester cheese
Tokyo denies 'ghosts' keeping PM out of residence
'American Idol' Finale: Candice vs. Kree Debate Leads To Stabbing Incident
Ron Paul found guilty of reverse domain name hijacking
Mom has son arrested for stealing a valuable possession: her Pop-Tarts
New driver quoted £33,000 for first insurance policy
Cheese-maker warned against Gloucester cheese rolling
Japanese prime minister reluctant to move into haunted house
Please do not molest the alligators in the swimming area sign. (1 more pic in comments)
Japan denies that ghosts are the reason that its new prime minister hasn't moved into his official residence
Finger found in Kohl's dessert: Severed digit packed into patron's frozen custard following accident
'Vinyl Purist' Identified As Primary Suspect In Slaying Of 22-year-old Traktor DJ
Lance Armstrong Rips A Cyclist For Doping In A Vulgar Tweet.
French ex-leader Giscard d'Estaing reveals panda attack
Police: Couple Stabbed Each Other Over 'American Idol
Accused wants case dropped after victim says he 'hit like a girl'
Aussie Police to public: The printed gun Liberator is dangerous
Alabama city destroying ancient Indian mound for Sam's Club
Cardinal says German women should stay home and have 'three or four children' to avoid need for immigrants
Former French President Admits He Was Attacked By a Panda
Mutant Cockroaches Outsmart Traps by Rejecting Glucose
Microsoft targeting "potentially upwards of a billion" next-gen console unit sales
Morgan Freeman dozes off during TV interview
Police stop cyclist near Bristol for 'not wearing Lycra'
Spanish teacher sues school claiming that she was fired for using the word "negro" (spanish for black) in class.
Muslims protest ban on violence against women
Muslims in Afghanistan protest ban on violence against women
C.I.A. to Focus More on Spying, a Difficult Shift
Bananas and Cucumbers Deemed "Too Sexual" and Will Soon Be Banned From Some Shelves in Tennessee
Teenagers Hate Facebook, But Cannot leave
Erica Nigrelli, Texas Mom, Gives Birth To Baby While Dead, Comes Back To Life (VIDEO)
Todd Akin Lectures Republicans on How to Win Elections
N64 Killed My Son!
The Rolling Stones' Keith Richards admits to owing 50 years worth of library fines
Mystery Solved: John Kerry Really Ate Turkey Shwarma
Cyclist stopped by police because he wasn't wearing lycra
Thom Yorke Does Not Deny Purchasing Bruno Mars Album On Amazon For $1.99
Apple Should Be Furious That It Has Such A Tiny Sliver Of The Smartphone Market
Obama Asks Staff to Start CC'ing Him on Stuff
Eugene funeral home offers tricycle hearse
Nova Scotia high school creates all-hockey curriculum
Hanson Debuts MmmHops Beer
Soccer Player Scores, Takes Off Shorts To Celebrate, Gets Red Card
Swazi albinos plead for protection
Ex-Judge Charged With Stealing Cocaine From Cases
BREAKING: Toronto mayor Rob Ford says he does not smoke crack cocaine
Toronto mayor says he doesn't smoke crack cocaine
Sweden prepares for sixth night of violence
Real-life 'Walter White' arrested in Mass. : teacher battling cancer was 'trafficking meth'
Pre-med student tried to give baby daughter bleach to relieve congestion, police say.
'I do not use crack cocaine,' Mayor Rob Ford says
Idiots try to eat dinner on iceberg, get blown out to sea
Bin Laden leaves Joe Biden off hit list, suggests VP could help bring down U.S.
Indiana cop sues for the right to bear '0INK'
There Was A Mosh Pit At Slayer's Jeff Hanneman Memorial
NASA to fund a 3D pizza printer
Man in wheelchair at QFC took off pants, covered crotch with tomatoes
Mom has son arrested for taking her Pop-Tarts
Erica Nigrelli gives birth while dead, then comes back to life
Amanda Bynes 'throws bong out of the window of 36th floor home' during arrest for pot possession
Japanese Company To Build an Elevator From Earth to Space
Woman Gives Birth While Clinically Dead; Lives To Tell The Tale
Mom dies, gives birth, then is revived
Someone Paid $1.5M (For Charity) to Fly to Space with Leonardo DiCaprio
Spanish teacher fired for using word 'negro' in class, the Spanish word for the color black
The White House Says You Can Use the Metric System If You Want To
Before Eating Cicadas, Pause
Parking Tickets Issued on Wrecks while Stockholm Burns
Police swoop on the homeless taking sleeping bags and food parcels in co-ordinated raids in Redbridge
Black Spanish teacher fired for using the word 'negro'
Man allegedly breaks into Ventura pizzeria to make himself a meal
Famers Solve Labor Shortage by Raising Pay
South Korean man jumping to his death lands on, kills 5-year-old girl
Stockholm police ticket victims as Muslim immigrants burn the city down
Study says that 94 percent of teens use Facebook, and hate it.
Man sets up camera to see ghosts, catches girlfriend having sex with his son, 16
Wikileaks leaks documentary script about Wikileaks
'Thong Cape Scooter Man' is a sight, but he's not breaking any laws
World's Most Expensive Videogame: Grid 2 Mono Edition Priced At $190,000
Spanish teacher fired for teaching kids that "Negro" means black.
British Ad Campaign Uses Image Of Old Pregnant Woman To Scare Women Into Having Babies Younger
Marriage In India: Grooms Required To Prove They Have A Toilet Before Marrying
Pineapples Crush N.J. Man, He Survives
Gnomes Crash Distinguished Garden Show In England
US tourists rescued in Iceland as an iceberg they were having a picnic on broke away from the shore
New Antigay Children's Book Teaches Kids to Hate LGBT Families
Police give patrol cars to civilians, hilarity immediately ensues
The songwriter Shane McAnally found that his creativity flourished after he stopped hiding that he was gay.
Man Arrested For Rubbing Pepperoni On His Exposed Baloney Pony
Headed to Hawaii for dolphin-assisted birth.
Gravel road has beach neighbour gritting teeth
Mini Lego gun causes scare on schoolbus
Toy Lego gun causes disturbance on school bus
Nucla becomes Colorado's first and only town mandating gun ownership.
3 of 6 Ypsilanti City Council members abstain from voting on resolution to prevent abstention
Man forgets his Porsche on B.C. Ferry and takes the bus home
Urban Meyer praises linebacker recruit's butt
San Diegans kicked off a flight for speaking Russian
Swingers' club to shut after disabled access complaint
Nebraska senator sues God
Japanese government denies rumors of ghosts haunting prime minister's residence
Comic book author sued by Marvel & DC over use of "superhero"
Monkey with blue balls added to top ten new species list
Syrian government asks the World Health Organization to take effective measures to end inhuman Israeli practices that target the health of Syrian citizens.
Kansas lawmaker opposes 'encouraging the behavior of purchasing food' with lower food taxes.
Umbrella mistaken for assault rifle - New York News
NASA agents raid Denny's in undercover sting - after woman, 74, tries to sell moon dust that was gift from Neil Armstrong
No food stamps for people convicted of violent crimes
Granny roughed up in moon rock raid
Spanish teacher fired for using the word "negro"
Toy Gun Causes Disturbance On Palmer Elementary School Bus
15-yr-old tourist vandalizes ancient Egyptian carving
The Smell of Money-Canada's New $100 Bill Smells Like Maple Syrup
California's new problem- too much money
Michele Bachmann inspires romance novel
Bosnian Shepherd Strangles Brown Bear Barehanded [x-post from /r/worldnews]
Bosnian Shepherd Strangles Brown Bear Barehanded
Canadian Bills Smell Like Maple Syrup? Bank Of Canada Asked About New Polymer Bills
Drug smuggler caught after he spelled his nickname in cocaine while posing for mobile phone photograph.
Progressivism - Keeping Rat S**t Out of Baby Food for More than 100 Years
Australia calls in hit squad of snipers to protect penguins
Professional snipers have been brought in to guard a vulnerable colony of penguins in Australia.
Large Badger causes hysteria at an all girl's school in Kent
'Mystery' illness in Alabama mostly cold and flu, tests show
9-Year-Old Girl Asks McDonald's CEO To Stop 'Tricking Kids Into Eating' Their Food
Canadians ask Bank of Canada about maple syrup smell on new bank notes
Snipers guard Australian penguins
Large badger causes 'hysteria' at girls' school
Kim Jong-un makes children cry
Florida Man Butt-Dials 911; His Murder Plot Gets Accidentally Recorded
Scientists conclude the most common cause of knockouts in the UFC is a fist to the head
Student arrested for changing student's last name to "masturbate" in school year book.
Man Runs Out of Gas on Interstate, Sets Up Drum Kit to Kill Time
US entertainment industry to Congress: make it legal for us to deploy rootkits, spyware, ransomware and trojans to attack pirates!
Florida Man Finds Unlocked Safe in Front Yard With $7K Worth of Meth Inside
Vatican corrects infallible pope: atheists will still burn in hell
North Korea Condemns U.S Ballistic Missile Test
Sexy copulating buddhas removed from bar following complaints
Sri Lanka Buddhist monk dies after self-immolation
Ian Kennedy scratched from Monday start after slicing right index finger while doing dishes
Will claims by arrested 'Hot Dog Hooker' cut the mustard?
Daryl Banther May Sue If He Can't Evangelize Other People's Children
Man found not guilty of stabbing brother as court says it could have been sandwich-making accident
Cows lose sacred status in India as taste for beef increases.
Cut price hookers, finding it hard
Five Undercover Police Cars Sent To Arrest Single Alleged Movie Pirate
Man fights off cougar in Banff with a skateboard
Shoplifter said stolen joint of beef reminded him of his dead grandmother
New Jersey factory worker taken to hospital after 1,500 pounds of pineapples collapses on him; "Days since last NJ pineapple accident" sign reset to 0
Exorcist team selected to battle Satan in Madrid.
BIZARRE: Woman threatens suicide over ring
Kazakhstan: Police in Drag Don't Fool Furious Neighbors
Tow Truck Driver Pepper Sprayed a Baby, Arrested For Bribery
Cardinal Dolan Calls For Anti-LGBT Sermons In Shadow Of Violent Anti-Gay Hate Crime Wave
My Teenage Son Does Not Know How To Mail A Letter - I Blame Technology
Abu Dhabi, Al Ain and Doha in race to win 'world's biggest' Angry Birds theme park
Obama Bursts Into Tears at Sight of Golf Course Destroyed by Tornado
NFL investigating Jay-Z for involvement in recruiting New York Jets' QB Geno Smith
Feminists say magazines containing nude or semi-nude people should be banned from shops because they amount to sexual harassment.
Cows beginning to lose sacred status in India as people discover it tastes delicious.
Maryland lawmakers passed the Rain Tax that basically charges residents for rainwater
Father Accused of Putting Baby in Freezer to Stop It from Crying
Rapping the news: Senegal's hip-hop stars pave the way for new forms of citizen journalism.
Doctors and Nurses suspended after orgy
Japan mayor mounts lengthy sex slave comment defence
Cop bitten while breaking up wedding party fight
Gloucestershire cheese-rolling takes place despite warning
Taliban says distribution of pink peace balloons in Afghanistan "encouraged un-Islamic behavior"
Microsoft applies for TV achievements patent
Warehouse worker buried in pineapple
Chinese teenage tourist carved "Ding Jinhao was here" in a 3,500 year old Egyptian temple (x-post from /r/worldnews)
McCain sneaks across Turkey-Syria border, meets with rebels
Vatican Confirms Atheists Still Going To Hell, Despite Pope Francis Remarks
Was president Obama high on coke while Benghazi burned?
'Alcopop' tax fails to deter teen binge drinking, raises $4.5 billion in revenue
Microsoft to award achievements for watching TV and ads by monitoring you with Kinect
Fired teacher says meaning 'lost in translation' after calling student 'Negro'
Does golf have an elitism and racism problem?
Some Canadians claim new currency smells like maple syrup
Rob Ford hires an ex-assistant football coach for mayor's office
Dubai: Woman seeks divorce over fake Chopard watch she received as dowry
Even Obama's umbrellas are a scandal now
Now PETA Wants to Sue People Who Leave Anonymous Comments
Pat Robertson Says People could have Stopped Deadly Tornadoes through Prayer
Canadians complain their new plastic $100 bills have unmistakable aroma of maple syrup.
Venezuela church wine 'running out'
Accused Kidnapper Long Declared Dead Arrested
Marine Corps Recruit Letter Claims Boot Camp Instructors Hurl Anti-Gay Slurs, Call Recruits 'Faggots'
Boy hides in bin, almost crushed in garbage truck
School 'forgets' to teach required course
People Are Outraged Over "Ghetto" Tours In The Bronx
Conclusive Evidence provided by Illuminati watchdog that Obama is Gay: Four Pictures and You Decide!
York mosque counters EDL protest with tea, biscuits and football
Texas bans fire codes in 70% of its counties
Canadians complain their new $100 bills smell like maple syrup
U.S. and Canadian authorities spar over Peace Bridge
Medical pot laws & treats may send more kids to ER
Urine-soaked 'virgin boy eggs' are a springtime taste treat in China
Irony: Rape accused PJ Kurien heads for global meet on women - India
Brittney Griner becomes first player to dunk twice in WNBA game
Kettle that looks like Hitler brews trouble for JCPenney
New Canadian 100 dollar bills 'reek of' like maple syrup (but national bank says the notes are fragrance-free)
US: Gay-friendly retailer JC Penney in hot water over kettle that looks like Hitler
Ke$ha drinks her own pee on television
Does Canada's $100 Bill Smell Like Maple Syrup? Many Say So
N. Korea building 'world class' ski resort
High School Property Pops Up on Cragislist For Sale
Fashion retailer issues recall after finding radioactive material in belts
Burger King Employee Foils Robbery by Stealing Thieves' Getaway Car
Newborn baby found trapped in sewer pipe in China apartment complex
JCPenney Billboard Promotes Tea Kettle That Looks Like Hitler
Koala pees on Geri Halliwell's bag at Australian zoo
Union president chows down and snoozes on the job
Boy, 6, gets detention for Lego gun on bus
TheDartmouth.com: Water pong banned, risks of overhydrating cited
Newborn baby rescued alive after being flushed down toilet in China
PETA lawsuit seeks to ID mean anonymous commenters
A White House counsel known for her shoes
Low-level radioactive waste dump in Newburgh Heights is now a park and playground
Chris Christie Wins Stuffed Bear For President Obama
Endangered whale used for Japan dog treats
Suspect allegedly slashed up man's electronic wheelchair, flees on a pink bicycle
Bieber draws ire of Keyshawn Johnson, Eric Dickerson
Wife Bites Husband's Genitals After He Makes Her Leave the Rodeo Early
Most men wish they were a 15 year-old schoolgirl
Barack Obama Was High on Cocaine During "The Missing Hours" of the Benghazi Attack Last September
'Ding Jinhao was here': Chinese teenager scrawls graffiti on 3,500-year-old Luxor Temple in Egypt Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/uproar-china-teen-defaces-ancient-egyptian-temple-article-1.1355940#ixzz2UcNTTb7H
Renewable energy: Burning US trees in UK power stations
JCPenney Forced To Deny Tea Kettle Looks Like Hitler
Meat from endangered whales used for dog treats in Japan
Google blimps will carry wireless signal across Africa
Massachusetts auditor finds more than 1,000 dead people on welfare
NYC cops say they didn't slap Amanda Bynes' vagina in bong-throwing incident
GOP Congressman uses Bible to justify punishing the poor
Japanese tourist in Syria
Keyshawn Johnson calls the police on Justin Bieber
Woman is jailed for six months after her boyfriend catches her having sex with his son on a camcorder he set up to film ghosts.
JC Penney in hot water over kettle that looks like Hitler
Netflix to avoid panic over expiring titles by just not telling you about them anymore
Toddlers who dislike spicy food racist, say report
Escaped Emu Dies During Police Chase On Long Island
Man Steals $400 of Baby Formula, Flees in Cadillac
Anti-alcohol bill leaves many Turks dispirited
Syrian Rebels urge McCain to get over losing to Obama
German railways to test anti-graffiti drones
A pregnant couple want dolphins to help deliver their baby (called "dolphin-assisted birth")
Children's Network Launches Transsexual Superhero Show
Everest may have ladder installed to ease congestion on Hillary Step
Exclusive: John McCain Slips Across Border Into Syria, Meets With Rebels
Man crosses 3 lanes of interstate while shooting heroin | Milwaukee County
Dolphins will rape your children
Ohio School District May Add Glenn Beck Conspiracy Theories To Curriculum
Al-Qaida rips into prima donna terrorist for not filing expense reports, ignoring calls, failing on big ops
Salt Lake City Has Highest Percentage Of Same-Sex Couples Raising Kids
After years of delay, Oregon develops strategy to crack down on nuisance odors
Memorial Day: 'Ready. Aim. Fire!' And remember
South Portland doctor stops accepting insurance, posts prices online
Racist Opera butt-dial voicemail gets Papa John's employee fired
Romanian Lawyer Sues Exorcists For Failing to Banish Fart Demons
Canadians Think New $100 Bills Smell Like Maple Syrup, Bank Of Canada Denies It
Rio de Janeiro's mayor sorry for punching man in face after being called 'turd'
Former Obama Staffer Says Legalizing Marijuana Would Decrease Civil Liberties
Man pays clairvoyant €165,000 to put love spell on woman, it doesn't work.
Gisele Bundchen Says Imperfections Are What Make Us Beautiful
Government-sponsored dance parties aim to boost Hungary birth rate
Call center workers told to have more 'sex' in their lives
Beyonce's butt slapped by bootyliciousness-bewitched fan
Couple Plans To Deliver Baby In Dolphin-Assisted Birth
Kid Gets Arrested For Fucking a Blowup Doll At The Movies
Man accused of trying to open door of Portland-bound plane held as 'flight risk'
Accenture Analyst Dead at Desk for 4 Days
Kenya is a model for green energy even though the entire country is without power
Animal Planet clocks biggest audience in network history with mermaids documentary
Dolphin birth: Experts blast couple for flying to Hawaii for DOLPHIN-assisted birth
eBay Kills 100K Bid for Jewish Spot in Heaven
Kellogg will give you up to $15 if you were deceived by their Mini-Wheats ad campaign.
Does this J.C. Penney tea kettle look like Hitler? - TODAY.com
Obama explains lipstick mark on his collar
Beavers attack people in Belarus, fisherman dies of bite wounds after trying to pose for photo
Tea Party Labels John McCain An 'Illegal Immigrant'
Amanda Bynes shares plans to sue NYPD and become a rapper
Dick on Fire with new Kindle
Man claiming to be Jesus charged for not leaving hotel.
Explosion Reported at Disneyland; Toontown Evacuated
FBI ran child porn site for two weeks in attempt to identify over 5,000 pedophiles
Detroit business paying with crack instead of cash
Fisherman dies as increasingly aggressive beavers attack people in Belarus.
Al-Qaida fires troublesome terrorist employee for failing to fill out expense reports, execute spectacular attacks
Chinese baby fell in sewage pipe by accident during birth, mother tells authorities
Cops: Sno Kone Joe stalked Mr. Ding-A-Ling in ice cream truck turf war
James Lipton: I was a pimp
Working women should be molested
Gina Rinehart Calls For Sterilization of The Poor
Two US Embassy employees injured during strip club shooting in Caracas
Beavers kill man trying to pose for photo
NC couple plans for dolphin-assisted baby delivery
US driver drove drunk while having sex
Poland jails trio over theft of Berlin coffins van.
Fox Hosts Take Turns Railing Against Eric Holder: Can He 'Possibly Survive This'?
Glenn Beck: Why Is The Media Trying To 'Label Me A Conspiracy Theorist?'
Saudi writer urges groping of women to make them stay at home
Saudi Arabia does it again: Saudi writer urges groping of women to make them stay at home.
Glenn Beck sees media conspiracy to label him a 'conspiracy theorist'
Naked woman thrown from car after crash
Birthday cupcakes cause controversy at local school
Pot Brownies Should Be Childproofed, Doctors Say
Moms outearn dads in quarter of US homes, world fails to end
Al Qaeda Makes Its Terrorists Fill Out Expense Reports And Attend Bullshit Meetings Just Like Your Bosses
Gerard Depardieu's lawyer has claimed that his prosecution for drink driving was illegal - because the French actor was too drunk when he was told about it.
China's outspoken online community agrees: Babies don't belong in sewage pipes.
Florida Woman Invents Insane "Prancercise" Fitness Program (VIDEO)
Neighbour's argument about rabbits, resolved with an AK-47.
Rep. Orcutt Shrugs Off Bridge Collapse: "11 of the 12 Sections of the Bridge Are Still Standing"
Pakistan Council of Islamic Ideology declares DNA test unacceptable evidence of rape
Fat Union Cat blames medication for sleeping on the job while working 2hr days
Baby Breastfed By Vegan Mother Dies
Labor big a real heavy sleeper: Just another doze at the office for union's 'scarf-&-snore' prez
German hospital removes pencil from man's head after 15 years
Ants in Germany repeatedly ring woman's doorbell
Beaver Kills Fisherman In Belarus
Driver drove drunk while having sex, crashed, hid behind cactus: police
Fisherman bleeds to death in horrific beaver attack.
al Qaeda has expense reports
Paypal Founder's New Startup, Glow, Helps Women Get Pregnant
Royals' hitting coach: "There is just no reward here (for us) to try and hit home runs"
With money at risk, hospitals push staff to wash hands
Animal communicator helps locate Gemma the pony who was rescued from 70-foot ravine with a firehose
Police: NM driver drove drunk while having sex
Eurocrats leave Wales off EU map
Vigilantes battle Mexico's 'Knights Templars'
Pony poops in a Rhody Liquor Store (x-post /r/RhodeIsland)
Man appeals 81 year prison sentence. For selling pot.
Pony poops in a Rhody Liquor Store
Drunk driver crashes while having sex; leaves ejected lover on the road then hides behind cactus.
Obese Florida man, George Jolicoeur, avoids jail because he's too fat
Missing man walks up to news crew reporting on ... missing man
Airlines crack down on fraudulent vegetarians
Keyshawn Johnson chases down Justin Bieber with his Prius
Nocturnal Ants have a Hard Time Navigating
It Happened To Me: My Optometrist Locked Me In An Exam Room And Forced Me To Pray To Jesus
Tempest Over A Teapot: JC Penney Removes 'Hitler' Billboard
Football player Plaxico Burress launches luxary sock line.
Scientists fear female libido booster too effective
Masturbation Diet Allegedly Helps Japanese Man Loses 9 Pounds
6-Year-Old Given Detention, Forced to Apologize After Bringing This Seriously Tiny Plastic Gun on School Bus
Man crashes car 'while having drunken sex - as woman is catapulted into air'
Former IT Specialist Claims To Be Jesus Reborn
Top Gillard IT security czar has never heard of Tor
Women Blamed for Islamic Politicians' Foolish Decisions
Stabbing suspect thought victim was the devil
There's Mud in the Water
Burger King Will Start DNA Testing for Horse Meat
Prostitute calls police to complain about pimp. Figures she will make some cash because the police will not show up too quickly
White-bread salami sandwich thrown at Australian Prime Minister
Kansas Religion Bill Urges Military To Defend 'Judeo-Christian Tradition' Against Alleged Discrimination
Dentist Office in Milton
Glenn Beck: There is a conspiracy to label me a conspiracy theorist
Dolphins Are Dangerous Animals That Could Rape You And Kill Your Baby
Studio developing 'Grumpy Cat' movie: "We Can Build a Big Family Comedy Around This Character"
Summer Solstice Pagan Festival has Pahokee residents outraged
High School Teacher Faces Discipline for Informing Students About Their Rights
Man Threatens to Blow Up Government Building Sign Over Misspelled Word
UK anger over violent Ikea gnomes ads
Sir Bruce Forsyth to take to the stage and UK Glastonbury music festival
'Killer robots' pose threat to peace and should be banned, UN warned
Jimmy Savile's Cottage Goes Under The Hammer
Woman arrested after calling police on her pimp
Roving Gangs of Goats Terrorize Citizens in Brazil
'Grumpy Cat: The Movie' is in development...
72-Year-Old Patrick Stewart Ate His Very First Slice Of Pizza Today
Why I happily spend $440 a month on my cable package
Wells Fargo forecloses on Florida man for paying his mortgage early
Police: Maine man seeking to be 'hero' tried to stage kidnap, rescue of teen found dead
Fourteen-year-old faces child pornography charges after video he made with 15-year-old leaked
Why Are Liberals So Rude to the Right?
Beavers attack people in Belarus, fisherman dies
Study: Bondage Aficionados Are Better-Adjusted Than Most
Servicewomen given breast implants to boost morale
The Grumpy Cat Movie Might Finally Be the End of Grumpy Cat - Esther Zuckerman
Mother-daughter porn duo seeks 'real-life' father-son team.
Adrian Mutu wants to adopt baby rescued from sewage pipe in China.
'Fine! I'll start my own Al-Qaeda cell!' HR troubles behind string of North African terror acts
Hanson launches beer brand: Mmmhops
Sandwich narrowly misses Australian PM: Julia Gillard unfazed after salami is thrown in her direction, saying "they must have thought I was hungry".
Train driver caught masturbating during "delay"
UN moves to ban Terminator 'killer robots'
Believe it or not, washing a car with university water can be an NCAA violation.
Man threatens to blow up state building's misspelled sign
Two of the strangest NCAA violations you'll ever see
Google makes Android design decisions using 'jars of emotion'
Boy Suspended For Biting Pastry Into Shape Of Gun Gets NRA Membership
Kid Suspended Over Gun-Shaped Pop-Tart Gets Lifetime NRA Membership
Man Sets Up Camera To Film Ghosts, Ends Up Recording His Wife Having Sex With His Underage Son
German police warn of exploding ticket machines
Hong Kong Starbucks Used "Toilet Water" To Make Coffee
New Advanced Spanish S-80 Submarine May Not Float
Bloomfield woman arrested after telling cops Dilaudid pill is her nipple
Hungary hosts dance parties to boost birth rate
Missing shark found in Box Elder
Obama Debates the War on Terror With Himself
Captcha Makes It Impossible For The Blind To Sign Online Petition Supporting Copyright Treaty For The Blind (X-post from /r/technology)
Guantanamo guard converts to Islam, demands release of detainees
'French Kiss' Officially Recognized In France, As 'Galoche' Enters French Dictionary
White House Makes It Impossible For The Blind To Sign Petition Supporting Copyright Treaty For The Blind
Woman tries to toss child in ocean after claiming him to be possessed.
Grumpy Cat signs movie deal: Film will be live-action
Mayoral Candidates Take Positions on the 'Sucking Blood From a Baby's Circumcised Penis' Question
ESPN's Bill Simmons Says Memphis Grizzlies Fans Are Overly Tense Because Of The MLK Assassination
NCAA Penalizes Golfer for Washing Her Car.
College Students Sign Thank You Card to IRS for Anti-Conservative Discrimination
Teachers building sign misspelled. Man claims to have bomb to blow it up
Threatening note leads to building evacuation in downtown Saskatoon
Creator of preppy style blog "Wasp 101" exposed as 35 year old North Carolina senator.
Beaver kills man in 'totally shocking' attack
Woman Handing Out Samples at Costco Shot Dead by Police After Acting Strangely
The Internet's favourite feline, Grumpy Cat, gets a movie deal
8-Year-Old Suspended Over Gun-Shaped Pop-Tart Gets Lifetime NRA Membership
Harlem woman sues after getting herpes from Rihanna-endorsed MAC lipstick at pop-up shop at singer's Barclays concert. (X-post from Entertainment)
Police: U.S. driver drove drunk while having sex, crashed, hid behind cactus
White teens have 3-way sex on top of dead bodies of 2 black men from Illinois
Al Qaeda angry at former terrorist member for not handing in expense reports
Grumpy Cat Has an Agent, and Now a Movie Deal
Costco Sample-Server Fatally Shot After Pulling Knife In Store
Burger King Introduces A Hands-Free Whopper Holder
Man crashes car while driving drunk and having sex, proceeds to hide in cactus
Swedish High School Flubs Graduation Requirement
Regina man sets condo on fire after trying clear water from roof with a blowtorch
JCPenney is selling a new teapot that apparently looks a lot like Adolf Hitler
Rick Perry Vetoes "Buy American" Bill Approved 145-0 by Texas House
Crocodile eats Indonesian, head found in river
Stop killer robots now, UN asks.
Spiderman brawls with two Captain Americas in Hollywood
Norwegian penguin receives knighthood.
Jerome Moody, 31, drowned at a party for lifeguards celebrating their first drowning-free swimming season
Star Wars star Mark Hamill searches through a public ashtray for used cigarette butts
Humaneness of badger cull to be judged on noise of dying animals.
Rap the biggest con in history of music
Airports Say More Travelers Are Faking Need For Wheelchairs Just To Get Through Lines Faster
Drunk Man in Taiwan Severs Own Genitals with Pair of Scissors, Regrets It the Day After
Al Qaeda's letter to prima donna terrorist
McDonald's part of daily diet for its thinner CEO
Black 14-year-old Carrying a Puppy Tackled and Choked by Police for Giving Them a "Dehumanizing Stare"
Gov't says you'll need a special license to not drive your self driving car (x-post from r/futurology)
Government says you'll need a special license to not drive your self-driving car
Sir Patrick Stewart Tries Pizza for First Time at 72
Burger King Launches 'Hands-Free' Feedbag For Humans
Ants terrify German woman by repeatedly ringing doorbell
Waco man gets 50-year sentence for rib theft
World mourns the loss of Roger Federer's hair
Chef Killed Over Meal of Fried Noodles
The best way to win an argument? Shout louder than everyone else and people will simply assume you're right
All-Male Fox Panel Laments Female Breadwinners
Waco, Texas (AP) - Man gets 50-year sentence for rib theft
A Florida Craigslist Ad Offers 'Custom Time Machine" for $1000
Man gets 50-year sentence for rib theft
Hippies in Ohio protest the destruction of an already dead tree
Apparently, the Civil War isn't over.
Florida Man Runs From Police Directly Into an Alligator's Mouth - Miami - News
Magnets recalled for being too magnetic
Man Threatens to Blow Up State Building Over Misspelled Sign
Grumpy Cat gets movie deal, will reportedly star in 'big family comedy'
New App Claims To Cure Homosexuality In 60 Days
Man Dies in Beaver Attack
From One Satirist To Another
Racism subjective, just like pornography
Microscopic bunny could help fight brain disorders
Burger King Ushers in the Beginning of the Collapse of Civilization
Female Breadwinners are destroying our country
9 hurt in Arkansas storm; Widespread Panic delayed
Picnic encourages casserole sharing when coping with mental illness
Swedish high school forgets to offer class required for graduation
City Council members pass plan in case they're all killed at same time
Ex-Cop Who Wanted 'Suicide By Cop' Killed By Police Barrage
Exxon CEO: 'What Good Is It To Save The Planet If Humanity Suffers?'
Miami-Dade Police Choke Black Teenager Because He Was Giving Them "Dehumanizing Stares"
stupid! stupid! stupid! there is no way any self respecting hitter would take a job for less than $15k
Grumpy Cat is Getting a Movie
Arrests made in lobster bait school vandalism
Jaden Smith Wears Iron Man Costume On Date With Kylie Jenner
2 US Diplomats May Have Shot Each Other at a Venezuelan Strip Club
Illinois police dept sells guns collected from their buyback program
Town runs out of toilet paper.
ExxonMobil CEO: 'What good is it to save the planet if humanity suffers?'
Brawl breaks out at Ohio kindergarten graduation
Man stops mugger and crowd attacks him for it.
Dracula and Frankenstein in Newmarket school exam blunder
Kid Suspended for Pop-Tart Pistol Is Given Lifetime NRA Membership
Monica Amestoy Sues United Airlines Over Masturbating Passenger
Leading neuroscientist: Religious fundamentalism may be a 'mental illness' that can be 'cured'
Star Wars star Mark Hamill searches through a public ashtray for used cigarette butts... which he smokes in his luxury BMW
'Grumpy Cat' Meme Becoming Talking Animal Comedy Movie
Hands free Burger King Whopper food trough you wear on your neck.
White Guy stops Black Mugger then a Black crowd Attack him, chanting "Trayvon Martin"
'Mermaids: The New Evidence' is the worst thing I've ever seen on TV
Man stops mugger and gets jumped by crowd for being a good Samaritan.
Burger King debuts Hands-free Whopper device
Florida Members of "Crazy White Boy" Gang Arrested for Bragging About Gang Membership on Facebook - Miami - News
Miami Plastic Surgeon Accused of Waterboarding His Girlfriend Over Facebook Post - Miami - News
Burger King debuts hands-free Whopper
'I'm free from this,' Zumba teacher says at prostitution sentencing
CBS Tells Court: No One Could Possibly Read Our Statements 'We Will Sue Aereo' To Mean We Will Sue Aereo
84-year-old with cane chases away burglar in Salem
Man Sentenced to 50 Years in Prison for Stealing Rack of Ribs
LAPD confronts Call of Duty 'Ghost' statue in tense standoff
Tea party speaker presents proof Grover Norquist is a secret Muslim: 'He has a beard'
Burger King creates hands free Whopper holder
Brawl over spilled punch at kindergarten graduation ceremony in Cleveland results in 8 arrests.
Mom, has son arrested for allegedly stealing her Pop-Tarts, report says
Graduation melee: A whole new definition for kindergarten cops
Grade 7 student Briar MacLean was reprimanded for tackling a knife wielding classmate at Sir John A. MacDonald school
Man Sentenced to 50 Years in Jail for Stealing Rack of Ribs in Texas
8 arrested after brawl at kindergarten graduation
High school girl arrested and facing felony charges for changing a girl's last name in the yearbook to "Masturbate'
Calif. man suspected of painting crosswalk
North Carolina couple's dolphin-assisted birth possibly the worst idea ever, says scientist.
"That's Not Drugs, That's My Nipple," Says Florida Woman
DC ambulance breaks down while transporting shooting victim to hospital - patient dies because EPA regulated emissions control shut the engine off.
6-year-old scares bus driver with tiny toy gun
Head Of Chicago Anti-Violence Group Arrested For Allegedly Hitting Wife
Man tries to blow up sign with typo on it, fails because of typos in bomb instructions, complains to government.
Italian backpackers assaulted by men in fancy dress at Maroubra surf club
Episcopalian 'Bishop': Paul Bigoted for Not Embracing Diversity in Demon-Possessed Girl
Chicago Sun-Times Fires Photo Staff, Will Train Reporters to Use iPhones For Photos
'Coca-Cola Sharing Can' Separates Into Two Halves (VIDEO)
Theft of ribs gets five-time felon 50 years in prison
Fish stink cancels school at MDI High
Israeli Police Arrest a Homegrown Skinhead Gang
Eight people arrested after brawl erupts at Cleveland kindergarten graduation... over spilled Punch
Allow legal sex at 13 to stop 'old men abuse persecutions', says barrister
Obama under fire for using free government housing
Bieber guilty on all counts!
Pope Francis tells Pope Benedict to stop rolling his eyes in meetings
NRA leader warns of rising cost of Senators
Is Michael Moore really making a movie about an anti-masturbation dolphin called Fappy?
Teenager sues Masturbation Airlines
Iranian presidential debate morphs into odd mix of Pictionary and quiz bowl
Man Tries to Blow Up Misspelled Sign, Criticizes Misspelled Bomb Instructions
Man steals adult-store mannequin, returns for 'her' sexy lingerie
Bristol man told police he was trying to light a fart, not film up woman's skirt
Food Trucks Are Stale. Line Up for Food Scooters
Burger King's Whopper Holder is the Ultimate in Lazy Dining
Frozen berries sold at Costco may have Hepatitis A
School Allegedly Asks Deaf Preschooler to Change His Name Because Sign Language Version Resembles 'Weapons'
German police warn of exploding train ticket machines
Brawl over spilled punch at kindergarten grad ceremony in Cleveland involved pipe, hammer; results in 8 arrests
Brazilian Pastor Arrested For Convincing Followers His Penis Contained Holy Milk
'Not Believing In The Devil Is The Main Cause Of Atheism' Says Priest Who Insists Pope Francis DID Perform An Exorcism
Catholic Church's Top Exorcist Claims He Rid World of 160,000 Demons
Is Nature Unnatural? Decades of confounding experiments have physicists considering a startling possibility: The universe might not make sense.
Man describes life with "Walking Corpse Syndrome"
Finally, a French word for a French kiss.
Syria Rebukes Erdogan Over Turkish Protest Violence
Toronto Suburb Bans Number 4 For New Addresses
Syria rebukes Turkey over protest violence
IRS employees learn the Cupid Shuffle on public's tax dollars
A Crazy Wizard Vs. A Liberal
Black Teen Holding a Puppy Tackled by Miami Dade PD for looking at them.
Return of bullrush defies mollycoddlers
8 arrested for "aggravated rioting" at Kindergarten graduation
Kindergarten Graduation Brawl Breaks Out In Cleveland
Former Chairman of the Republican Party of Texas: Grover Norquist 'Showing Signs Of Converting To Islam' Because He Has A Beard
Hanson Launches 'Mmmhops' Beer
Children with cancer barred from Israeli swimming pool for being Arab
James Lipton 'not ashamed' of being a pimp
A Detroit Train Station Has 5 New Windows and No One Knows Why
How do farmers deal with manure? We get our poop in a group!
Pastor Arrested For Convincing Followers His Penis Contained Holy Milk
Richmond Hill [Ontario] bans number four in new addresses because of superstitious connotations
Rat-shaped stone found on Mars by Curiosity. "Some say that NASA brought the poor rat outer space to test if it can survive but eventually it died and became a stone."
Head of Chicago anti-violence group arrested for allegedly beating his wife.
Yes! Orgasms During Birth Are Real, Study Suggests
Iron Maiden fans somehow immune to self-consciousness epidemic
No heroes allowed: Calgary student, 13, reprimanded for defending his classmate against a knife-wielding bully
Babes in Arms: North Korean Children Take Part in Mock Military March
Brawl breaks out at kindergarten graduation
Raped female dogs cause owners distress
Anti-Rape march briefly interrupted by man who said he raped someone.
In fear of revolution, Saudi Authorities Ban Guy Fawkes Masks.
A whole new definition for kindergarten cops
Man charged with having sex with pit bull at city pound.
Pimp convinced Kennebunk Zumba prostitute that she was a government mole, attorney says | BDN Maine mobile from the Bangor Daily News
'Fake shops' open up ahead of the G8 summit
Fascist British Nationalist Party supporters chased from British Parliament by women in badger costumes led by Brian May, the guitarist from Queen
BNP supporters 'chased through London by Badger activists'
Goats detained in India for damaging car. Police in southern city of Chennai find scapegoats after their new patrol car is damaged.
Far-Right Extremists Chased Through London By Women Dressed As Badgers
Syria Calls on Turkey to Stop Violently Repressing Peaceful Protests
Search and rescue: Duck Derby lost more than 1,000 rubber ducks
Hepatitis A outbreak linked to Townsend Farms Frozen Berries from Costco
People Listening to 'Thrift Shop' Not Going to Actual Thrift Shops
Woman Weeps With Joy As Texas Opens First In-N-Out Burger
Ex-chairman of Texas Republicans says Grover Norquist 'Showing Signs Of Converting To Islam' Because He Has A Beard
Michael Douglas: oral sex caused my cancer | Film
Archaeologists Officially Declare Collective Sigh Over "Paleo Diet"
Sharon Stone Named Suspect in Cannes Jewel Heist
Cops use Taser to subdue unruly llama in North Florida
Researcher decodes prairie dog language, discovers they've been talking about us
Michael Douglas: Performing Oral Sex On Catherine Zeta-Jones Caused My Throat Cancer
Llama busts loose in Fla., subdued with taser
Dildomaker Makes Dildos Out of Everything
Llama busts loose in Florida, subdued with taser
War-torn Syria says Turkey unsafe for travel
Steven Seagal is in Moscow to investigate Boston Marathon bombers
Caffeine Withdrawal is Now a Mental Disorder (and included in DSM-5)
Caffeine Withdrawal Is Now a Mental Disorder
South Korean Parents hire Gangs to solve school bullying problem
A German man was jailed for five months for training his dog "Adolf" to perform the Nazi salute every time it heard the command "Heil Hitler!"
The $2.7 Trillion Medical Bill - Colonoscopies Explain Why U.S. Leads the World in Health Expenditures
Star of Discovery's 'Storm Chasers' show among dead in Oklahoma tornado
U.S. delegation find few Boston attack clues despite help from Steven Seagal
Hanson launch own beer, MmmHops.
Michael Douglas Say Cunnilingus Caused his Throat Cancer
Man threatens to blow up state building over misspelled sign; blames failure to detonate on misspellings in instructions
College athlete violates NCAA rules by washing her car on campus
Man grabs cougar's tail to save his dog, it actually works.
School says deaf boy's name sign looks too much like a gun
Syria warns its citizens not to go to Turkey because of protests (x-post /r/worldnews)
Giant, hot-pink slugs found in Australia
Hundreds March to Ithaca Commons to 'Take Back the Night'. Event briefly interrupted by man who said he raped someone.
Mitt Romney Inc.: the White House holding company
Florida man, 70, acquitted of killing wife's 32-year-old lover despite prosecution's erectile dysfunction claims
Michael Douglas -- Oral Sex Gave Me Cancer
It Takes Taser, 6 Men to Catch Fugitive Llama
Mitt Romney Inc.: The White House That Never Was
Sharmeka Moffitt, Lousiana woman attacked, set on fire, KKK on house - all self inflicted
Michael Douglas: oral sex gave me throat cancer
Michael Douglas says oral sex caused his throat cancer
Wyoming teen who built fusion reactor disqualified from science fair on technicality
Christian app claims to cure gay people in 60 days
Chicago Sun-Times trains reporters to shoot with iPhones after laying off all its photographers
Beverly Hills Sign Has Been Raised So Kanye West Will Never Run Into It Again
3 storm chasers killed by tornado
Was 'Doug' And Its Central Character Doug Funnie Racist?
Congressmen Use Seagal To Find Boston Attack Clues in Russia
Bomb threat linked to sign misspelling
Syria to Turkey: Stop Repressing Your People
Tube lines could be sponsored to freeze fares, say Tories
Chicago Sun-Times axes all staff photographers, offers reporters 'iPhoneography training'
Dat ass - French bus drivers to strike over their trousers being too tight
French bus drivers to strike over tight trousers
Crimewatch presenter admits that he would watch child porn
BBC News - Many children 'think cheese comes from plants'
Lack of confidence in success kills no-confidence motion
Steven Seagal Somehow Fails To Find Boston Bombing Clues In Russia
Issaquah psychic didn't see arrest coming.
Behold: The Hands-Free Whopper Holder
'"They're for cars! Only cars!", he cried, and then called 999 to report to the police that some people were having a picnic in his car park.'
North Korea claims proof of unicorns
Escaped Florida Llama Brought Down By Taser
Michael Douglass Blames Throat Cancer on Performing Mass Amounts of Oral Sex on Women
Al-Qaeda sets up complaints department
Michael Douglas blames oral sex for throat cancer
Indiana legalizes shooting cops
Festivities were laid back at Beauvoir in Biloxi on Sunday for the Jefferson Davis family reunion
Michael Douglas' Throat Cancer Caused By Oral Sex, Not Smoking Or Drinking
New Zealand cops feared Kim Dotcom's belly of mass destruction
Northern Ireland Town Fakes Prosperity for G8 Summit
More than two thirds of men in Brighton admit metrosexual tendencies (From The Argus)
President of news network: We're not the place to turn for breaking news
Phillies fan covers face with shirt; proceeds to drink beer through shirt.
LAPD Caught In Intense Armed Standoff With Call of Duty Video Game Statue -
Experts rush to reassure public of 'very small' risk of oral sex
Single Moms In China Could Be Fined For Being Single Moms
School Says Deaf Boy's Name Sign Looks Too Much Like A Gun, Asks him to change it
Law change in Germany sees the end of the "Rindfleischetikettierungsüberwachungsaufgabenübertragungsgesetz"
Frustrated By Traffic, People Leave Cars And Walk On Expressway To O'Hare
Steven Seagal plays diplomat in real life as he leads Congressional delegation on Moscow trip
Tetraphobia leads Richmond Hill, Ont. to ban the number four
Al-Qaeda Opens Complaints Department In Conquered Syrian City
Governor Sarah Palin dazzles the 26 members of the Republic High School class of 2013
Karl Lagerfeld says he wants to get married to his cat
Amorous moose falls for Grand Lake statue
"Warning" signs at historical sites tell visitors to relax and enjoy themselves
Chicago newspaper believes iPhone now better than DSLR, fires entire photography staff
4 llamas involved in car crash in SW Florida
Brian Whitehead, Accused Of Taking Photo Up Woman's Skirt, Said 'Maybe I Was Trying To Light A Fart'
Father shows up to family court hearing wearing Nazi uniform
Germany drops longest word after EU law change
4 llamas involved in car crash on Interstate 75 in southwest Florida
Missing man approaches news crew reporting on his story
JD Wetherspoon to open first motorway pub on M40
Left-wing journalism professor calls for mass slaughter of NRA
Iran government issues style guide for men's hair
New Jersey Man Who Named Son After Adolf Hitler Shows Up For Family Court Hearing Wearing Full Nazi Uniform
Llama hurt in crash that blocked I-75
Colombian man gets sex change to avoid going back to jail
Man in Coma Since 1999 Excited for Skyrim Game Guide
Dwight Howard loses free throw contest to housewife
Florida police Taser escaped llama
11-Year-Old Boy Scout Defeats Santorum at Supermarket Debate
Biden Cancels Annual Summer Beach Party
Nazi dad is back, this time in uniform
National Day of Hacking Your Own Assumptions and Entitlement: We must first debug ourselves
Shreveport Mom Keeps Busy Raising Four Kids
Al-Qaeda forms complaints department
Did A Walking Dead Zombie Send Ricin-Laced Letters To Obama And Bloomberg?
Cat caught smuggling mobile phones into Russian prison camp
Singaporean Websites Must Pay To Mention Singapore
Chicago Sun-Times fires photography staff, tells journalists to use iPhones
Sex workers learn to help disabled clients
Alabama state senator's wife demands possibly fake women stop soliciting her husband on Facebook
Bjorn taken as "hostage" of angry wild sheep
Wall Street Journal: Death by Bicycle
Syria's Information Minister: The Turkish People Don't Deserve Erdogan's Barbarity
Jury sides with Ohio teacher who was fired after getting pregnant via artificial insemination
J.C. Penney billboard with Hitler teapot leaves commuters steamed
Concert commemorating floods could be displaced by flooding
Miami Prostitutes Mistake New Jersey Mom for Rival Hooker, Beat Her Up
Police Officers may be fired for secretly being Gangsta Rappers
Colonoscopies help explain our $2.7 trillion medical bill
John Boehner Was Allowed To Remain House Speaker Because God Spoke To Republicans, They Claim
Oregon Senate Approves Boring and Dull Day, Officially Recognizing the Link Between Dull, Scotland, and Boring, Oregon
YouTube Blocked in Tajikistan After Video of President Dancing Goes Viral
Michael Douglas's oral sex story went viral
Native American student denied high school diploma for wearing tribal feather
Teen says she was turned away from prom for having large breasts
40-foot rubber duck coming to Pittsburgh
Saudi prince spends $20m at Disneyland to celebrate degree.
Dunkin' Donuts to debut bacon donut breakfast sandwich
Colombia's controversial cure for coke addicts: Give them marijuana
Should you take life advice from Reddit?
Nazi dad appears at court for visitation hearing in Third Reich uniform
Bhutan Makes Condoms Available To Buddhist Monks To Stop Spread Of STDs
Russian judge resigns for apparently sleeping on the job
Peer Upset With Gay People For Stealing The Word 'Gay'
Douglas cancer 'not from oral sex'
County Limerick cemetery 'a death trap'
Man, 66, visits doctor and finds he's a woman.
Taco Bell Employee Under "Investigation" After Photo of Him Licking Taco Shells Hits Facebook
India city to ban lingerie mannequins to stop rape
Hong Kong man finds he is a woman after doctor visit (xpost from offbeat)
Police Department Will 'Ticket' Kids
Hitchhikers' Guide was WRONG, Earth is not in a galactic backwater
Court fuhrer! Nazi dad in uniform for kid hearing
Fla. Police Battle Runaway Llama With...a Taser | Video
Noah's Ark theme park wants to show the Flood was plausible
66-year-old man with very small penis finds out he's actually a woman
Rapala Releases Line of 'Angry Birds' Fishing Gear, Because, Why Not?
Slash and David Attenborough join Brian May in pro-badger supergroup
BREAKING: Reporter Deems Story Too Important for Twitter, Will Break News on Actual Newspaper Website
Cat caught smuggling cell phones into Russian prison
Woman Sues United Airlines Over Masturbating Passenger
LAPD Caught in intense armed standoff with Call of Duty statue
'Price is Right' run foils post carrier's worker's comp claim
Zynga Reportedly Shuts Down OMGPOP One Year After Acquiring It For $200M
Can Losing Your Job Make You Black?
Albert Einstein Discovers New Planet. Really.
Wall Street Journal Warns of the All-Powerful Bike Lobby
'It would be like losing a child': Michigan couple fights to keep the pet deer they save from certain death five years
Man wears nazi uniform to custody hearing; hopes the judge will look at "what's on the inside"
66 Year Old Man Goes To Doctor, Discovers He Is A Women
South Jersey mom vs. South Beach hookers: the rematch
How a Waka Flocka Flame Concert Ended Her Marriage and Saved Her Life
Texas legislator, Tom Alvin, drops marijuana cigarette during his speech on the House floor against legalization saying, "marijuana is a deadly and dangerous drug."
Test submission - No touchie.
Cat detained on clandestine mission at Russia prison
'Mr. Grand Theft Auto' calls White House spokesman a 'paid liar'
Female students banned from engineering fields.
Pilot asks if crying baby on plane is Sidney Crosby
Meadows gambler accused of rage against machine
'Girls Just Want To Have Fun' turns 30; everyone feels very old
Paralyzed Woman Surfs Duct Taped to Man's Back
Is Will And Jaden Smith's 'After Earth' Being Sabotaged By Racists?
Russian President Vladimir Putin wants no organ-eating rebels at peace talks
Man sets dog 'Adolf' on neighbour in racist attack
Woman died after Muslim nurse refused to help as he was praying
Trust upholds BBC Online clock complaint
Russia wants Steven Seagal to be face of weapons industry
Edmonds students suspended for using Nerf guns at school, not allowed to take Algebra as a result
Oregon woman loses $500 worth of sex toys in car break-in
Nazi-Naming Dad Fights for Right to See His Son
White dad falsely accused of kidnapping own biracial daughters
GM sponsors U.S. Chamber 'free enterprise tour'
Chinese Censors Block 'Big Yellow Duck'
LAPD Has 15 Minute Standoff With Armed Call Of Duty Statue.
Summer's Coolest Bold Striped Ties, Modeled by a Dog
Josh Reddick mired in sunflower seed scandal
Big-chested Silverdale teen humiliated at prom
NYU Prof: Obese PhD Candidates Need Not Apply
Husband pretended to be his own wife to dupe woman into having sex with him under pretence she was exposing him as a cheat
Brazil drops 'happy prostitute' Aids campaign
Guards catch cat smuggling cellphones into Russian prison
INSIDE ZYNGA'S LAYOFFS: Employees Held A Boozy, Hoodie-Shredding Party After Being Told They Were Fired
How a Waka Flocka Flame Concert Ended My Marriage and Saved My Life
Domino's tests Drone technology for pizza delivery
Seniors misspell senior in graduation prank
New Jersey dad shows up in court in full Nazi uniform to fight for right to see son, Heinrich
Hong Kong man finds he is a woman after doctor visit
Bears to bring in JaMarcus Russell for workout
Amputees trade punches as charity football match descends into brawl
Why Finnish babies sleep in cardboard boxes
Man who called son Adolf Hitler wears Nazi outfit to court
Decorated Navy SEAL comes out as a woman
Fight Breaks Out At Amputee Soccer Match For Charity
GOP senator suggests 'hormones' could be behind military sexual assaults | Fox News
Pentagon Has No Idea What 108,000 Contractors Are Doing
Gang rape defendant claims wind carried DNA from beer can to condom
Outbreak of Infectious Giggles Shuts Down Israeli Government
Yale Galanter, O.J. Simpson: Did the Juice get jobbed by his lawyer?
Sick man goes to doctors and told 'you're a woman'
Rogue beer fridge caught by Telstra 'robot' [interrupting mobile signals in several neighbourhoods]
Seminal Study: Hungry Female Squid Snack on Sperm
Diabetes Is the Price Vietnam Pays for Progress
Ivy League school janitor graduates with honors
Germany drops its longest word: Rindfleischeti...
Woman arrested for assault despite keeping it real
Don't Listen to the Buzz: Lobsters Aren't Actually Immortal
Russians arrest criminal cat
Christian TV 'prophet': Native Americans need to 'repent for their ancestors' animism'
For Fighting Poverty, Cash is Surprisingly Effective
Aussie's $1.5b in bets in one year
"Death by Bicycle" - WSJ opinion calls NYC's bike share program "Totalitarian"
Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel saves reputation and renounces Nickelback
China Buys Costa Rica for $1.5 Billion
Domino's carries out world's first pizza drone delivery
Fake Shop Fronts Hide N. Ireland Economic Woes Before G8
Goats hiding in bushes spark police callout
Utah deer dies after mounting a moving motorcycle
Student compiles reference list, dies.
Man sick of playing Xbox on home detention asks for jail
The Carbon Footprint of Carbonated Beverages
House of Lords still having homosexuality explained to them
Man Wears Nazi Uniform to Court in Custody Battle For Son 'Adolf Hitler'
Outrage as judge says: Some girls enjoy rape
Grumpy Cat Lands Movie Deal
Sale of "Lolita" Beds for Young Girls Ends
'The Price is Right' contestant busted for disability fraud after spinning the 'Big Wheel' on TV
House Republicans To Defund ACORN Again, Even Though It Still Does Not Exist
United Airlines Flight Diverted After Family Complains About Movie
Google bans 'Tits & Glass' app
Couple neglect, imprison children to play World of Warcraft all day
'Happy I'm A Prostitute' Campaign Dropped By Brazil Government
Fecal transplants may stall as FDA cracks down on docs.
Religious Right Therapist Claims Crayon Drawings Prove Ex-Gay Therapy Works
Actress Kim Kardashian Plans to Eat Her Own Placenta after Birth
Domino's tests drone pizza delivery
Woman in sumo wrestler suit assaulted her ex-girlfriend in gay pub after she waved at man dressed as a Snickers bar [from /r/pics]
Woman in sumo wrestler suit assaulted her ex-girlfriend in gay pub after she waved at man dressed as a Snickers bar
Is your teen jailbreaking (their phone)?
Steven Seagal could become the face of the Russian arms industry.
Glenn Beck: 'Why Is it a Concentrated Effort Now to Label Me a Conspiracy Theorist?'
Game of Thrones Star refuses future nude scenes.
Woman Seeking Ban Suggests Kickball League Is Worse Than Drugs, Gangs
Man with 'Micropenis' Visits Doctor, Discovers He's Actually a Woman
Confusion on Padres broadcast over whether conversation is about hot dogs or women
Horrible bosses: Al-Qaeda discipline member over poor conduct
Mother takes daughter to A&E to have dog poo removed from her shoe
Teen Injured After Jumping into Empty Pool
Breast Milk Lollipops, By Lollyphile, Can Be Yours
IRS Audited Over Inappropriate Spending, Claims It Can't Find Its Receipts
Steven Seagal becomes the face of Russian arms firm
Chimp's pics snapped up for $76,000 at auction
Scientists Name Giant Prehistoric Lizard After Jim Morrison
Vatican: This Intolerance of Our Intolerance Will Not Be Tolerated
United Airlines Flight Diverted After Family Complains About Movie Selection: Report
Is Obamacare a War on Bros?
Utah deer dies after mounting moving motorcycle
GOP Candidate: Yoga Opens You to Satanic Possession
Fake shop fronts used to make towns seem neater for G8
Bieber bus driver takes hands off wheel, eyes off road to use cell phone
Dad Wears Nazi Uniform For Child Custody Case
Diner jailed over pubic hair fraud
Girl Walks Off The Court With The Encourgement Of Her Parents In NH Tennis State Championship Match Because The Crowd Was Too Loud
Rubio Won't Vote for Rubio's Immigration Bill
Casper woman arrested for assault despite keeping it real
Woman stabs boyfriend after he farts in her face during argument
66-year old Chinese Man Goes to Doctor and Discovers He's Actually A Woman
STUDY: Kids Try To Access Social Networks Nearly Twice As Much As Porn Sites
Mom blasted for asking for money after teen's rooftop pool leap goes HORRIBLY wrong (VIDEO)
Super cats to be hounded
Patriots fan orders Tom Brady Fathead, gets Tim Tebow instead
Man Jailed For Sprinkling Pubic Hair On Curry
Amputee match between Belgium and Holland descends into ugly 20-man brawl
Libertarian mayoral candidate says he'll hand out pot plants
Man gets mailed 11 pounds of pot in mail
County Sheriff in Arkansas removed from office for possessing stolen hens in 1979.
Republican Candidate Says Yoga May Result In Satanic Possession.
'Girls Gone Wild' founder Joe Francis desperate to block release of sex tape
Teacher Lets Students Bring Nerf Guns To School For Project, School Suspends The Kids
Karl Lagerfeld: I want to marry my cat
NY bill would make annoying a cop a crime
Lawyer trashes Las Vegas luxury suite "Hangover" style
Drunken man blows off public punishment: I didn't have ride
Michigan to formally recognize international talk like a pirate day.
Russia & Steven Seagal: Country Wants Actor To Be Face Of Its Weapons Industry
Can Sperm Act as a Natural Superfood?
Brooklyn Couple Who Hosted Self-Help Radio Show Commit Double Suicide
Republican pushes 'license to bully' gay and lesbian service members
Co-hosts of radio show 'The Pursuit of Happiness' commit suicide together
Man faces trial for sexual assault with chocolate bar.
Serbian Guy Gets Blackout Drunk and Passes Out on the Bridge Part of a Bridge
CIA didn't always know who it was killing in drone strikes, classified documents show
Is Aaron Rodgers An Elite QB After Spoiling Game Of Thrones On Twitter?
City of Abbotsford apologizes for using manure to drive out homeless. (Canada)
Japan spooked by wheat that wouldn't die
Co-hosts of radio show 'The Pursuit of Happiness' committed suicide
Beloved Brooklyn Couple Who Hosted 'Pursuit of Happiness' Radio Show Found Dead in Apparent Double Suicide
MSNBC's Martin Bashir says "IRS" is the new "Nigger"
Calf Gets Head Stuck In Toilet
Chelsey Coutts Has $500 Worth Of Sex Toys Stolen From Car Trunk
House Republicans Claim God Told Them Boehner Should Be Speaker -
Smoking Alcohol: The Dangerous Way People Are Getting Drunk
Stanley Cup riot hero is happy hooligans are getting jail time
Mumbai to ban sexy mannequins in anti-rape move
Facebook post about hungry child gets school bus driver fired xpost r/politics
Arr! Michigan to formally recognize 'International Talk Like a Pirate Day'
An Interview with a Gay, Russian Neo-Nazi
Man Wears Nazi Uniform to Court in Battle For Son 'Adolf Hitler'
Thief stole grass from Hartlepool park as it 'would look well in his garden'
Women on the front lines in Assad's war-torn Syria
Leaked top secret document shows Verizon is supplying phone call data to the NSA.
UPS sorter charged with sneaking 60 iPhones/iPads out in his pants
A man who put his own pubic hair in a restaurant curry to try to avoid paying the bill has been jailed for two weeks. [x-post from /r/unitedkingdom]
Decimal spot was off on building a submarine, it is now 70 tons over weight.
Spain seeks US help to slim down overweight sub
Bill would make annoying a cop a crime
A man who put his own pubic hair in a restaurant curry to try to avoid paying the bill has been jailed for two weeks.
Man Under House Arrest So Bored Of Playing Xbox He Asks For Prison Instead
Man sick of playing Xbox 360 during home detention asks for prison.
Video: New Yorkers Mistake Real Statue For Panhandler: Gothamist
Spanish town fights back against dog poo by parcelling it up and POSTING it back to the owner.
Town Cracks Down on Unscooped Dog Poop By Mailing It Back to Owners
50 drunken elephants ransack village in India, drink 130 gallons of moonshine (xpost from /firewater)
Town mails dog poop to irresponsible owners who don't pick it up.
Vulgar cartoon offends everyone equally
Fox News shocked that a president is abusing the Patriot Act
Saudi Prince Disneyland: Prince Fahd al-Saud Spends 19 Million Euros at Disneyland Paris
Goats detained in India for damaging car
Connecticut Senate passes bill removing Wright Brothers from history books
Yoga may make you vulnerable to demon possession
Too Much Deer Pee Changing Northern Forests
Wanna win a million big ones? Just solve this little equation...
CIA Chief: We'll Spy on You Through Your Dishwasher
Delivering Domino's Pizza by Unmanned Helicopter: What Could Possibly Go Wrong?
Conrad Murray reaches out to Paris Jackson in taped message after suicide attempt
Small Town Sends Unscooped Dog Poop Back To Dog Owners
Texas says it's OK to shoot an escort if she won't have sex with you
Erdogan presented honorary doctorate for "contribution to humanity with humane and social knowledge"
Dartford Crossing M25 congestion survey 'caused' queues
North Korean broadcaster starts real-time Facebook broadcasting
This is the single greatest headline, ever, in the history of news.
Australian man claims he is Jesus Christ reincarnated, garners followers
Anti-Semitic Elmo Arrested For Trying To Extort Girl Scouts
Man, 38, Charged with Stealing Pre-schooler's Bike
Life-Coach Radio Hosts Commit Suicide Together
Gary Vaynerchuck pays an employee to "follow him around, record his conversations and remarks, and turn them into social media content."
Whole Foods Suspends Workers For Speaking Spanish
Author Of Patriot Act: NSA Phone Tracking 'Excessive And Un-American'
Florida man Tasered after naked marriage proposal at wrong house
Seattle woman attempts to live on sunlight, water
City bosses in Abbotsford, Canada, try to drive away the homeless using chicken manure
Poll shows most Pa. voters believe NCAA sanctions hurt Penn State football Read more: http://www.post-gazette.com/stories/local/state/poll-shows-most-pa-voters-believe-ncaa-sanctions-hurt-penn-state-football-690624/#ixzz2VSxQStph
Poll shows most Pa. voters believe NCAA sanctions hurt Penn State football
Prostitutes in sex-trafficking case: Life was good
Teacher tells students to bring Nerf guns to school for experiment; School suspends all students involved
Women have high sex drive.
Warner Bros. is making a live-action movie based on Archie Comics that may feature zombies
Turns Out Women Have Really, Really Strong Sex Drives: Can Men Handle It?
Frank Lampard launches children's book series. (x-post from /r/soccer)
Rihanna fan sues over cold sore.
Introducing a natural energy drink called Pussy
Jury acquits escort shooter
Teen says big breasts caused prom woes
Nude revelers greet popular Colorado tourist train
Jury Acquits Texas Man For Murder Of Escort Who Refused Sex
Paula Deen releases a new line of flavored butter
Chocolate giants accused of price fixing; former Nestle president criminally charged
Texas jury gives OK to kill escorts who take your money and do not provide sex
Marathon runner has unexpected baby while training
Acquitted Texas man who shot prostitute was just "protecting himself from theft"
No. 4 banned from new Richmond Hill, Ont., street addresses
Man ordered to wear "idiot" sign after calling 911 and threatening to kill a police officer
Romney Wishes Hurricane Sandy Hadn't Happened Because It Hurt His Chances
Gargoyle genitalia grosses out neighbors in Yavapai County
Spain builds submarine 70 tons too heavy after putting a decimal in the wrong place
Artist Attempts To Print Out The Entire Internet
Tongue Patch Surgery: Risky Weight Loss Procedure Draws Criticism
Gang Kill Lonely Obese People, Sell Their Fat For Cosmetics
A Latina Teen Comes Out As Black
En Route To Rehab, Woman Disrupts Flight After downing "vodka beverages," tipsy passenger became
Kerry Trebilcock- A deit of sponges and soap, particularly with some tomato and bbq sauce.
Iran bans dog-walking in public and warn animals could be 'arrested' if caught outside.
Mass. Governor Deval Patrick: I got "quite drunk" after marathon bombing manhunt
Cops: Masturbator was not master driver
Senior Class Trip Takes Detour When Students Are Kicked Off Plane
Police break up brawl at Ohio kindergarten graduation, eight people arrested.
Brawl breaks out at Ohio kindergarten graduation, eight arrested
Life Coaches Commit Joint Suicide
Teenager Arrested for Creating a Video Game Map of His High School [from 2007]
City in Mexico postulates a cat as candidate for mayor. ("morris the cat" is 2nd in polls)
City in Mexico postulates a cat as candidate for mayor.
Tiger wanders into zoo, tries captive life, breaks out a month later
Escaped cows help police nab accused cattle rustlers
Family 'lured woman to their trailer and tried to cut off her fingers with pruning shears after daughter's boyfriend sent flirty texts to her'
NY authorities: Self-help radio hosts commit suicide
NY Senate passes bill making annoying police a crime
Deaf woman calls 911 as she's beaten by Washington cops because she didn't hear their orders
Deaf woman calls 911 as she's beaten black and blue by Washington cops because she didn't hear their orders Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/crime/woman-calls-911-middle-stop-article-1.1362970#ixzz2VUsecD9N
Deaf woman calls 911 as she's beaten black and blue by Washington cops because she didn't hear their orders
Vietnam plans crackdown on lip-syncing, skimpy clothes on stage
LAPD gets into a standoff with a statue at Robotoki Studios
One Million Moms Protests Gender-Bending Kids Cartoon 'SheZow'
California Prisoners Are Free to Read as Much Werewolf Erotica as They Want
Festival of the Vagina comes to Sydney.
Russias gay aryan skinheads finally bringing homosexuality to the neo nazi world
Justin Bieber is heading to space
LES Residents Say Adult Kickball League Is Destroying NYC
Boy who marched to say 'Gay Hate Kills', dies after skinhead attack
Man Sick Of Xbox Asks For Jail Instead Of Finishing House Arrest
Rural Colorado counties propose 51st state: North Colorado
Woman Divorces Husband Over Small Penis
Justin Bieber to Be Launched Into Space
As These 23 Facts Prove, Tim Duncan Is Actually the Most Entertaining Man in the NBA | Extra Mustard
Saudi prince launches libel action against Forbes magazine over Rich List. He claims US publication undervalued his wealth by $9.6bn
66-year-old Chinese man goes to doctor, finds out he's a woman
N.H. governor to sign bill freeing 14 slaves
Northeast Ohio prosecutor fired for posing as woman on Facebook
Tennessee Race for Medicaid: Dial Fast and Try, Try Again
Police: Radio show hosts apparently commited suicide together
Students outraged: Computer refuses to do any work for entire week
Lou Ferrigno Calls Upon Americans to Get Tough On Their Computers
Philadelphia to Close 23 Public Schools While Building $400 Million Prison
Two young men mislabeled as terrorists for wearing backpacks and being at the Boston Marathon
Spanish government admits that its 2-billion-dollar submarines cannot surface because an engineer misplaced a decimal point
Texas mom dunked daughter, 3, in scalding water for telling lies
Man Stole Lobsters, Crab Legs to Impress Date: Cops
Google Glass Prohibited at Google Shareholder Meeting
Man Offers $4000 Reward for Plant Theft Information
Whips, chains and full of life: BDSM practitioners 'healthier and less neurotic' than 'vanilla' peers
Marathon runner unaware she was pregnant thought labour pains were due to training.
Police: Life-coach radio hosts commit suicide together
Xbox Overdose Makes Home-arrest Prisoner Beg for Jail
Why the rest of the world is hankering for America's bull semen
Nebraska Catholic school 'praying' after former student masturbates with crucifix
Soy Sauce Overdose Sends Man Into Coma
Elderly man arrested for possession of child pornography: "They're my grandchildren!"
Police in central China have been forced to apologise after allegedly assaulting a fellow cop they "mistook" for a prostitute.
234 years later, NH slaves are granted freedom
Miss World has axed the famed bikinis from this year's pageant in Indonesia, replacing the skimpy swimsuits with conservative beach sarongs amid mounting protests from hard-line Muslim groups
Radio hosts John Littig, Lynn Rosen in apparent double suicide. Hosted a radio show called "The Pursuit of Happiness"
Justice Department: American Citizen Drone Killings Constitutional Because Obama, Holder Said So
20 Completely Ridiculous College Courses Being Offered At U.S. Universities
Lion burgers are the hot new fad in U.S. restaurants
Man wakes up from nose job without nose
Truck carrying fireworks hits moose on Trans-Canada Highway, shuts down road for 5.5 hours and lights up the sky
Google Glass banned from Google shareholder meeting
Are NSA'S Prism PowerPoint Presentation Slides The Worst Ever Made?
Man inspired by Life of Pi film fails to make journey because he lacks fitness and intelligence
Porn stars cause outrage by offering SEX ACTS to help tornado victims
Intelligence Boss Claims The Real Villain Here Is The Press For Revealing His Secret Spying Program
Police: Man dressed as Power Ranger defecated on grill cover
List of reasons why you should start to buy second-hand clothes today
This is why we can't have nice things: The best way to win an argument? Science says YELLING REALLY LOUDLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!
PORN STARS AUCTION THEIR BODIES FOR OKLAHOMA TORNADO VICTIMS
Woman washed suspected bomb in kitchen sink
Pregnant Texas actress accused of sending ricin-tainted letters charged with threatening the president.
Every Assistant Principle In Philadelphia Is Getting Laid Off Tonight.
New York Yankees first round draft pick says that he cannot stand the yankees on a prerecorded video shown on national television immediately after he is picked.
4-year-old Indian girl adopted by convicted Israeli paedophile
Tongue patch causes weight loss by making it painful to eat
Google, Facebook Founders Express Fears Over NSA Access to Verizon Data
Microsoft Has Hired People To Make Positive Comments About Xbox One On Reddit, Contractor Says
Morris The Cat For Mayor: Xalapa, Mexico Candidate Promises To Sleep And Do Nothing
Glenn Beck says he regrets dividing people
Dios Mío! Pentagon's Latest Weapon in Colombian Drug War? Soap Operas
Xbox One breaks pre-order records at Blockbuster
Rain spotted inside of Facebook data center
Facebook's first data center drenched by actual cloud
Arizona mother put hot sauce on her kids' foods so they would eat less and she would have less diapers to change
Call for better barriers after child swept down street during 'Running of the Sheep' event.
Video shows shocking pram near-miss at level crossing
Man Arrested For Hitting Wife With A Cheeseburger, Then Punching Mother
Elementary school to sponsor toy gun buyback program [x-post from /r/progun]
Hayward school to sponsor toy gun exchange
Colorado moose falls in love with moose statue, attempts gay moose sex
Blind Side, Vampire Diaries bit actress Shannon Richardson arrested in Obama ricin case
50 Cent Replies 'OK' To Request To Pee In Girl's Mouth
Man Offers $1000 Reward for Plant Theft Information
Hosts of Radio Show 'Pursuit of Happiness' Apparent Suicides
Hacker Who Exposed Steubenville Rape Case Could Spend More Time Behind Bars Than The Rapists
Experts Fear Too-Effective Female Viagra May Create Lust-Drunk Witches
(x-post from /r/funny) Man Fired From Ku Klux Klan For Being Part Black is Suing for Racial Discrimination
Dream night ruined when man is deemed too drunk for Rolling Stones show
Man is kicked out of KKK for being half black; sues for racial discrimination.
Soy sauce overdose almost kills 19-year-old
Shorts Ban: Swedish Train Drivers Wear Skirts
Grand Jury Rejects Indictment of Teen Arrested for Rap Lyrics
Stockholm's male train drivers wearing skirts to work
New Hampshire Governor Frees 14 Slaves
Bird Drone Developed by Army Attacked by Real Birds
California elementary school hosts toy gun buyback
Google Bans Google Glass From Own Shareholder Meeting.
39 Photos Of The Most Badass Bachelor In The World Who Is Finally Back On The Market, Vladimir Putin
Texas Jury Says It's Cool To Murder Prostitutes For Not Having Sex With You
Pied Piper of Porcelain - Rat appears nightly in English family toilet
Americans starting to realize their paranoid fantasies about government surveillance have come true
Psychic's performance cancelled due to "unforeseen circumstances"
How The Human Face Might Look In 100,000 Years
Six people hurt in four hot-air balloon crashes
Three goats 'arrested' for allegedly damaging police car
Waka Flocka Flame Concert Inspires Woman To Leave Her Husband
Saskatoon bans "shitty little yappy" dogs
Sweden male train drivers wear skirts after shorts row
Free gun initiative begins in Houston neighborhood
Carmelo Anthony has a giant Carmelo Anthony painting hanging over his fireplace
VIDEO: There's a rat in my loo: Roland the rat makes nightly appearances in family's toilet
Mars, Nestle, Hershey accused of chocolate price-fixing conspiracy in Canada
Bavarian gives random kid wife's alimony.
Saudi prince sues Forbes magazine for saying he's only worth $20-billion
Moonwalking Shetland Pony caught in paternity battle
TSA thinks Peter Mayhew's cane, that looks like a light saber, is a weapon and confiscate it (x/post from WTF)
Parents outrage as school cuts off valedictorian's microphone as he makes unauthorised remarks about the value of freedom of speech
Valedictorian's mic cut when he starts talking about freedom of speech
Agressive foreign cows attacking British ramblers
Ex-Green Beret shot dead by 4-year-old son
Deer in Big Pine Key gets chip bag stuck on its head
Chewbacca Actor Battles TSA Over Light Saber Cane
Circus elephant dies taking dip in Narva River
Simon Cowell pelted with eggs at Britain's Got Talent live final.
Fla. deputy removes Doritos bag from deer's head
Deputies free key deer bagged by a fondness for chips
Texas prostitute's jilted killer acquitted, was trying to 'retrieve stolen property' says jury
TSA tries to confiscate Chewbacca's light saber
Psychic Complains to Police About Man Having Sexual Thoughts About Her
New Network Chooses Cartoon About a Gay White Rapper
Baby Born at McDonald's; Mom Didn't Know She Was Pregnant
Anonymous 'leaks' already-public NSA documents unrelated to PRISM
Jackson strip club discriminates against black dancers
Wall Street bankers say "Game of Thrones" is just like real life for them.
Canadian Truck Explodes After Hitting Moose, Sets Off Fireworks Display
Elementary School Principal Holds TOY GUN Buy Back
If You Can't Trust Us, We Are Going To Have Some Problems
Baroness Knight: Gays can't have children, but are good at antiques
Really? California School Holds Toy Gun Buyback Exchange!
Mr. Balls, aka Senior Testicle, goes to bat for cancer research
Microsoft has more than ten years of experience making privacy a top priority
New Jersey couple marry at IKEA where they first met
Majestic haggis of the glens proves elusive for US tourists.
Teen survives coma after drinking entire bottle of soy sauce
Police find loaded gun hidden in suspect's vagina
Russia: Drunk Helicopter Pilot relinquishes controls to drunk passenger. All 3 aboard killed in subsequent and inevitable crash.
Angry Brazilian Billy Goat Terrorizes Town
California elementary school to hold toy gun buy back
Elephant kills poacher who tried to shoot it
Obama Hails Korea's Internet Connectivity
Military Told not to Read Obama-scandal News
After 10-mile run, woman gives birth to surprise baby
Dorothy Rabinowitz: "The bike lobby is an all-powerful enterprise!"
Atheist cop sues after being demoted to car washer for refusing to pray
Can't blame people for believing this one...
Wardens: Woman used bull to prevent theft.
Man jailed for sprinkling pubic hair on curry to avoid payment - All the staff have black hair
72 year old woman and her grandson, in love and having a baby
How to get the maximum money you really are entitled to by employing the most effective solicitor to handle your lawsuit
Grumpy Cat Lands Movie Deal, doesn't improve feline's disposition.
Campus bans guns, tells people to nod at attackers
Lawrence man charged with stealing motorist's eyeglasses in road rage incident
Sen. Lindsey Graham, Verizon Customer: I'm GLAD The NSA Is Harvesting My Data. Because Terrorists.
Man Nearly Dies After Soy Sauce Overdose
Cork airport evacuated over burnt toast.
Gerard Butler cracks walnut with his butt, pours ice down pants on German TV
Jury acquits Texas man who killed Craigslist escort after she refused sex
Woman humped to death by camel (X post from WTF)
Breaking News: Plane Lands Without Incident, Nobody Harmed
Heavily pregnant mother, 32, and her baby died after trainee surgeons removed her ovary instead of her appendix
DOJ argues secret ruling over secret unconstitutional surveillance must remain secret because it's secret
NBC Bay Area : E-40 Launches Wine Collection
Justin Bieber to Fulfill Your Dreams by Firing Himself Into Space
Calories important for body: Expert
Saudi prince sues Forbes over his rank on billionaires list
Chad Ochocinco Johnson Slapped His Attorney's Butt In Court, And Now He's Going To Jail
Real-Life 'Game of Life' to be Played on Japanese Island
Polar climate change research station has to be evacuated because the ice below it is melting away
California man arrested for trying to return pipe bomb at gun buyback.
Kids embrace cracked phone screens
Chad Johnson Is Going To Jail Because He Slapped His Lawyer's Ass
Man stunned to see Barack Obama's picture on his admit card for engineer's exam, one he did not even apply for! : North, News
Wisconsinite Arrested for Chasing People, Offering Teddy Bears & Jelly Beans
Professor Fired Just for Asking a Female Student to Suck His Dick
Man using propane torch to kill weeds sets house on fire
Eric Cantor 'Perplexed' By NSA Surveillance Revelations
Humped to death by a pet camel
George Osborne's missing cat accused of being a Chinese spy after returning
Fox News Guest Suggests Trayvon Was Armed: 'You Could Kill Somebody' With Iced Tea
In the City of Surprise AZ, a man was arrested for a DUI while blowing zeros on the BAC, his car impounded while having another officer states that he should have never been arrested. The arresting officer stated he knew he was "driving DUI".
Chad Johnson sentenced to 30 days in jail after slapping his lawyer's butt in court
Phil Shiller tells audience at Apple presentation "Can't innovate anymore my ass"
Butt Slap Lands Ex-NFL Star Chad Johnson In Jail
Drunk Pilot Lets Drunk Passenger Steer, Everyone Dies
Irish airport evacuated over burnt toast.
German bank employee naps on keyboard, transfers millions
Fox News Speculates Trayvon Martin Could Have Killed Someone With Skittles And Iced Tea
Kanye West Debuts 'I Am a God'
Tiger, Sergio shake hands at U.S. Open
Man Charged With DUI Despite Blowing .000 During Breathalyzer Test
Report: Patriots signing Tim Tebow, will be at minicamp Tuesday
Felon In Maximum Security Prison Thanks The NRA For Making It Easy For Him To Get A Gun
Tim Tebow to Sign with New England Patriots to Play Quarterback
Six-fingered Man Barred from Guitar Hero Tournament
Syria Issues Turkey Travel Warning After Syrian Minister Criticizes Government's Excessive Force
Butt pat lands former NFL star Chad Johnson in jail
Florida Prisoner Charged With Using Genitals to Toss Salad
Chad Johnson gets 30 days in jail, judge miffed after lawyer butt-slap
Ball Ironing A Cosmetic Procedure For Men
Chad Johnson gets 30 days for butt slap
Waukesha County man helping turtle across road hit by school bus
TSA agents stop Chewbacca actor over light saber
Philly Closes 23 Public Schools, Generously Builds $400 Million Prison Where Kids Can Hang Instead
St. Petersburg man Jarvis Sutton calls 911 asking for 'Kool-Aid, burgers and weed'; eats police car
Cocaine, Potato Salad on Woman's Shopping List, Whitemarsh PD Says - Plymouth-Whitemarsh, PA Patch
New Japanese Sex Fetish Leads to Pinkeye Epidemic
Houston woman claims self-defense in heel stabbing
Beaver blamed for brushfire.
12-Year-Old commits suicide to donate organs to family, cremated before note is found.
Popular @kuboobs Twitter account ordered to shutdown [nsfw]
Elementary School Hosts Toy Gun Buyback
Man gives alimony money to stranger rather than let ex-wife have it
Ex-NFL star Chad Johnson sentenced to jail after slapping attorney on butt
Courtroom Booty Slap Earns Chad Johnson a Month in Jail
"We made a mistake, we really thought these racers would want to slow down," he paused, confused. "Who knew all they cared about was going faster?"
Electronic Arts: Video games firm wants to stop being 'hated'
Psychic Cancels Show Due to "Unforeseen Circumstances"
Toxic British lake dyed black to stop people wanting to swim in it
Student spiking teachers drink with butt pills
Ann Coulter Calls President Obama Offensive Name
Microsoft Boasts Of (Tiny) Energy Saving With IE Browser
Debate on Secret Data Looks Unlikely, Partly Due to Secrecy
With iOS 7, Apple Leads by Following
Venezuelans use smartphone app to find toilet paper
Man Who Reported Defective Candy 60 Years Ago Finally Gets Replacement Salted Nut Rolls
Blue Lagoon dyed black to deter swimmers
Fort Hood suspect expected to argue shooting was in defense of Taliban
Cop Sexually Assaults Woman Then Arrests Her For Protesting
Amanda Bynes in negotiations for a rap deal
Microsofts failure on Monday at E3 was borne of its refusal to speak to us as human beings
Nottingham couple return from holiday to find grass by their street cut to different lengths
CHICAGOAN ORDERED TO GET HELP AFTER 396 ARRESTS
Study: Men don't grow up until age 43
Seattle woman trying to 'live on light' for six months.
Oshawa, ON joyride: court hears details of car crash by 13-year-old: "Yo bro, I had a really bad day. My girlfriend broke up with me--you don't even know."
Religious sect who preaches that modern medicine is Satanic witchcraft brings death and disease on mission trip
Utah man allegedly raped unconscious woman to 'save her life' with his penis
7 year old who ate his poptart into the shape of a gun has appeal denied
Not All Site Website traffic Is Created Equal
Shawn Thornton Puts Stanley Cup Victories Above Wedding Day On Greatest Days Of His Life
George Clooney, among others, have started doing a new thing - ball ironing
Nebraska police chief fined for buying too much snack food
E3 audience offended by "rape joke" at Microsoft Xbox One event
Justin Amash, Michigan Rep., Would Lose To '@LOLGOP' Twitter Handle In Senate Race: Poll
Azzuri food seized in Brazil
Fox News host: Zimmerman 'has already been punished' with weight gain
Mystic Derek Acorah cancels psychic show due to 'unforeseen circumstances'
Drink driver twice the legal limit on way home from Alcoholics Anonymous meeting [xpost /r/newzealand]
Severed deer head left on self-checkout... Innards found in aisle.
New Yorkers Protest Denny's Over "Party Atmosphere"
Wii Fit Trainer a playable character in Super Smash Bros (x-post from /r/games)
Man leaves severed deer's head on self-service check-out at Tesco
Retired Native American Chief Would Be Offended If Redskins Did Change Name
Waka Flocka Flame fan chooses concert over marriage, divorces her husband
Trying, and Failing, to Host an Alcohol-Free Party for Teenagers
Apple 'Agreed To Prism's 25-page Terms And Conditions Without Reading Them' (repost from /r/technology)
Portland Schools Spend $500k to Deem PB&J Sandwiches Racist
Americans are beginning to remember George W Bush fondly
PETA Launches Video Game Where You Beat Up Laboratory Workers
Wildwood, NJ to ban baggy pants and going shirtless on boardwalk
Nestlé introduces bottled water for "trendy, high-income" women
Do Legos need anger management? Figurines grumpier than ever, study says.
Utah Man Says He Had Sex with Unconscious Neighbor 'to Save Her Life'
Jackie Chan to Stage Musical Based on His Life
In Unanimous Vote, Russia Passes Bill Making It Illegal To Tell Kids Gay People Exist
Smarter People Drink More, Study Says
Official Microsoft response to consumers without constant access to internet; provides an alternative, "it's called the Xbox 360".
Tennessee man who fathered 22 children by 14 women sued for child support; 'I was young an ambitious and I loved women'
M Night Shyamalan reveals he ghost-wrote 'She's All That'
Prime Minister Julia Gillard's 'small breasts' on Liberal Party fundraising menu
Australian Federal education minister banned from Queensland schools
Mike Huckabee says churches should give up tax exempt status
"Let's Just Allow the Tea Party to Take Over America" via VICE
Microsoft Exec: Offline Gamers Should Stick With Xbox 360
Kevin Rudd declares war on Julia Gillard with blue-tie choice
Julia Gillard's 'small breasts, huge thighs' on opposition party's fundraiser menu
Lego faces getting angrier, study finds
Minor League Vendor So Awesome at Vending He's Called Up to Majors
Council pays company £150,000 to measure height of grass
John McCain calls for invasion of Hong Kong
X post from /world news. New Japanese fetish leads to pink eye epidemic.
Stolen: West Hollywood's 200-pound pink bulldog
This Guy Reinvented the Wheel ... by Turning It Into a Cube
Schoolgirl, 9, passes through Turkish customs with toy passport identifying her as a UNICORN
'Vampire' mum-of-two: 'I drink almost two litres of blood a month from human donors'
Train pulls out while woman in wheelchair still getting off
Kanye West says he's the Steve Jobs of the internet, fashion, and culture
Eight-month erection leads to malpractice lawsuit by truck driver
In between back flips and splits, naked man assaults passengers at train station.
BNP's Nick Griffin tours Damascus as guest of President Assad
Kanye West Is the 'Nucleus' Of Culture, Says Kanye West
Two female Spanish tourists visiting a KFC drive-thru were arrested for public urination. The women claimed they didn't realize it was illegal, since they are "allowed to do it back home"
Jew-hating Elmo facing extortion charges
Eyeball Licking Causing Pinkeye in Japan
Brazil Creates Testicle Mascot 'Mr. Balls' To Promote Cancer Research
Gaza kids play 'kidnap Israeli soldier' in summer camp
U.S. agents foil Canadian women's attempt to smuggle $59,000 in their bras
Republican Nominee For Virginia Lieutenant Governor Misspells Own Book Title...On The Cover
Girl, aged 9, waved through customs on fake passport for toy unicorn
Will Smith Tongue Kissed Son Jaden On Thai TV
Arts group wants to envelope Pittsburgh's Andy Warhol Bridge with knitted blankets
MTV Promises To Be About Music For An Entire Half Of A Day
Utah man: I had sex with unconscious neighbor to save her life
NC protests split on Bible's message to help poor
A 'dad' is tenth most popular Christmas list request for children
Zidane not qualified to coach Real Madrid
Pat Robertson, Still Lacking Self-Awareness, Calls Disaster Prophecies 'Nutty' and 'From the Pit of Hell'
Cop Shot Litter of Kittens in Front of Screaming Children
NAVY TO DROP ALL-CAPS COMMUNICATIONS
Pat Robertson Concerned About Gay Boy Scouts "Doing Sex With Each Other"
Standoff Ends After Police Discover Suspect Was Not There
A Cat Is Running for Mayor of Mexican City Xalapa Read more: http://newsfeed.time.com/2013/06/12/a-cat-is-running-for-mayor-of-mexican-city-xalapa/#ixzz2W1nQBwzm
A Cat Is Running for Mayor of Mexican City Xalapa
Go Easy On The Soy Sauce, Bro, It Could Kill You
Austria's UN peacekeepers begin pullout from Golan Heights amid fears of Syrian war spillover
Zidane not qualified for Real job - report
Stepson 'highly embarrassed' of stepdad's eight-month erection
Cwmbran girl's passport for toy unicorn gets her through Turkish customs
Bank clerk falls asleep on keyboard and accidentally transfers £189 million to customer
Ministers pull out of boy scouts?
Legos Are Getting Angrier And That's Not Funny, Study Says
Facebook Adds Hashtags to Organize Public Conversations
Legos Are Getting Angrier
School for disabled accused of running sweatshop
Russian Airliner Makes Seven Trips With Dead Guy Frozen in Wheel Well
Police: Maine man staged girl's kidnap to later 'be the hero,' but killed her
Minor League beer vendor gets called up to work in the big leagues.
Fox News Calls Mr. Rogers 'Evil,' Ruined a Generation
Citizens of Wildwood, New Jersey face community service for wearing low slung jeans
White House petition seeks to ban men from driving
Cat runs for mayor in Mexico
You drink a lot because you're supersmart, study says
Emily Harris uses unicorn passport to get through Turkish customs
Lego faces are getting angrier, study finds
IRS Cancels Order for Spying Equipment
Fox News Calls Mr. Rogers Evil
Samsung to pay Apple 1Billion...in nickels.
100 High Schoolers Kicked Off Flight for Not Turning Off Cell Phones
In startling twist, M. Night Shyamalan reveals he ghost-wrote She's All That
Fire Hydrant in Detroit Gets Repaired with Duct Tape
Man sues doctor for giving him an 8-month erection
"Uncovering the "Truth" Among the Conspiracy Theorists at the 2013 Bilderberg Fringe Festival" via VICE
Facebook and Twitter are magnets for narcissists
Chinese Farmer Jailed for Making a Rubber Alien
Woman Is Hiding Under a Table Next to President Obama for Some Reason
Urinating Standing Up May Soon Be Illegal in Europe
Lady Gaga Looks Surprisingly Normal In Street Clothes On Rainy Day In NYC (PHOTO)
Drunk Women 'Made Boy, 10, Drive Them Home'
Gamers Without Internet Can Stick With Xbox 360, Says Microsoft
THE U.S. NAVY WILL NO LONGER COMMUNICATE EXCLUSIVELY IN ALL CAPITAL LETTERS. YOUNG SAILORS ACCUSTOMED TO TEXTING SEE ALL-CAPS ORDERS AS A FORM OF SHOUTING
Couple wears matching outfits for the past 35 years
US NAVY TO DROP ITS ALL-CAPS COMMUNICATIONS. MESSAGES WILL SOON STOP LOOKING LIKE THIS.
'Eyeball Licking' Trend Is Giving All the Japanese Kids Pink Eye
Deaf children benefit from learning sign language, says research
Deep-fried beer invented in Texas
Clinton all-ages curfew draws mixed feelings from residents, business owners
Man claims he was innocent in rape case - says he was "trying to keep her warm to save her life"
Woman washed unexploded WWII bomb in kitchen sink.
Squirrel pops out of Winnipeg woman's toilet
UPDATE: Hostage Situation Ends When Cops Realize There Are No Hostages
Supermarket got drugs instead of bananas
Abortion Rights To Blame For NSA Surveillance Program
The US Has Sent Nearly $2 Million Worth of Bull Sperm To Iran This Year
Black hole caught napping after meal.
Man Spends $5,000 To Look Like Ryan Gosling
Rick Myers, Florida Man, Arrested Picking Mushrooms In State Forest With Alligator In His Backpack
Hugh Jackman Misses his Daughter's First School Play to Attend the Wal-Mart Shareholder's Meeting
Hacker Who Helped Expose Steubenville Could Get More Prison Time Than The 2 Convicted Rapists
MMA Fighter Throws Up During Interview.
McDonald's closing all restaurants in Bolivia as nation rejects fast food
Lego creating more angry faces and it could harm children's development.
Bank worker falls asleep on keyboard, transfers millions.
10-year-old caught behind wheel of SUV; grandmother says she was too drunk to drive Read more: http://www.vancouversun.com/news/world/year+caught+behind+wheel+grandmother+says+drunk+drive/8517529/story.html#ixzz2W5NH68nv
Punter complains to West Midlands Police about prostitute's looks
Canadian': Teen relentlessly bullied by principal for being a Canuck drops out of school in NY
Doctors use superglue to save baby with brain aneurysm
Toddlers Killed More Americans Than Terrorists Did This Year
'That's because you're Canadian': Teen relentlessly bullied by principal for being a Canuck drops out of school in New York
TSA confiscates Chewbacca's light saber
Emu chased to death by police in US
Marshall U. dismissed from bottle-rocket-shot-out-of-anus lawsuit
Teen 'highly embarrassed' of stepfather's 8-month erection
Del. man sues over 8-month erection
Michael Jackson's ghost tells Lionel Richie's ex-wife he 'accidentally' killed himself, hears court
MTV, CMT, VH1 to play music videos for 12 hours.
Senate Chairwoman Pauses Hearing to Respond to BuzzFeed Reporter's Tweet
Police: St. George man claims he had sex with unconscious woman to 'save' her life
3-year sentence for man who ditched restaurant tab
Eyeball Licking becoming an erotic trend in Japan, brings risks of worms and blindness with it.
"Racist Opera" gets Papa Johns employee Fired
"Racist Opera" left on voicemail gets Papa Johns employee Fired
U.S. Navy stops TEXTING IN ALL CAPS, sailors no longer feel shouted at
Man arrested for trying to 'save woman's life' with his penis.
Senator Challenges Theory of Gravity, Demands Schools 'Teach Both Sides' [REPOST]
Winner of hand turkey coloring contest comes in first, beating out a total of 0 competitors
Northern Irish politician defends drinking alco-pops during council meeting
A man has been warned after he dialled 999 to complain about a prostitute's looks.
Caller phoned 999 to tell police his prostitute was ugly
Felon pens a "heartfelt thank you to the NRA" for opposing universal background checks.
Ottawa band's new release spins only on Fisher-Price record player
Domestic violence victim teacher fired from school 'because her husband is "too dangerous"
Man calls police to complain about prostitute's looks under the Sales of Goods Act
Turkey Handprint Coloring Contest winner announced
Complaint about smelly juror collapses Kingston Oceana murder trial
Teen Quits US School After Teachers 'Bully' Him for Being Canadian
Kanye West: "I am undoubtedly the Steve [Jobs] of Internet, downtown, fashion, culture. Period. By a long jump."
San Francisco parking spot sells for $82,000
Snapcat, An App That Lets Cats Take Selfies By Pawing the Screen
NAVY TO STOP COMMUNICATING IN ALL CAPS
Eyeball licking craze causes pink eye epidemic in Japan
Did See-Through Yoga Pants Doom Lululemon CEO?
Free rent offered to walrus impersonator
Flying bicycle survives unveiling without horrible crash
Samsung pays Apple $1 Billion sending 30 trucks full of 5 cent coins
Men don't mature until they're 43, new study finds
Moonwalker Buzz Aldrin now admits, 'Tang sucks'
Woman Who Works At Funeral Home Has Sex With Dead Man And Gets Pregnant
US Navy ends dependence on capitalised communications
Justices rule human genes cannot be patented
Woman Is Living on Water, Tea, and Light for 100 Days
TLC has announced it will premiere the new season of Here Comes Honey Boo Boo with a "Watch 'N Sniff event."
Anti-drug stormtroopers in Ukraine burned down smoking shop
Nuisance 999 caller phoned police to complain about a prostitute's looks after meeting her in the flesh
Obama's Snooping Excludes Mosques, Missed Boston Bombers
BANK ROBBERY SUSPECT WANTS NSA SURVEILLANCE RECORDS FOR DEFENSE
Vladimir Putin defends the U.S. on NSA spying programs and drones: "That's the way it's done in the U.S., and that's the way it's done in Russia"
NAVY WILL BE ALLOWED TO USE LOWERCASE LETTERS
British Girls in the Third Reich: 'We Had the Time of Our Lives'
Man accidentally sells wife's $23K ring for $10.
Rich Are Running Out Of Mansions To Buy
Federal Complaint Alleges Rampant Abuse in Texas Truancy Program: students are fined and jailed for missing class.
The Navy said it will stop sending communications in all capital letters, as it has traditionally done, because some sailors feel they're being shouted at.
A gay island community created by Italy's Fascist Dictator Mussolini
British tabloid apologizes to aliens for linking them to Scientology
HGTV apologizes after suggesting American flag as 'festive' tablecloth
Japan man stalks toll-free line to hear woman's voice
"Ball ironing": Hot new trend in "scrotum rejuvenation"
Teen drops out of school after being shamed for being Canadian
Italian Councillor calls for black Italian minister to be raped
Chinese state media chide U.S. over Edward Snowden's allegations
Suspicious Package Blown Up by Bomb Squad During Art Festival Revealed to be Piece of Art
Randy Zipperer Allegedly Stabs Brother After Macaroni And Cheese Goes Missing
No good can come from eyeball licking
Man calls police over ugly prostitute
NOW HEAR THIS: NAVY ABANDONS ALL CAPS.
Mac Miller Predicts Kanye West Will Win Sales Battle On June 18
Researchers conclude that what causes menopause is-wait for it-men
Man calls police to report 'ugly prostitute'
College pranks can be harmless fun, but desecrating Clemson's rock was not
Man dials 999 to complain about prostitute's looks.
Cop Shoots Kittens in Front of Screaming Children in Ohio Read Latest Breaking News from Newsmax.com http://www.newsmax.com/TheWire/cop-shoots-kittens-children/2013/06/12/id/509582#ixzz2W9DLfyT1 Urgent: Should Obamacare Be Repealed? Vote Here Now!
Cop Shoots Kittens in Front of Screaming Children in Ohio
M. Night Shyamalan reveals he wrote "She's All That"
Mets briefly recognize David Wright's appeal to 'cougars'
Man calls police to complain prostitute is too ugly
Dog Butt Looks Like Jesus Christ In A Robe(PHOTO)
Pink Floyd Fan Jailed For Repetitive Late Night Album Sessions
Bank robbery suspect wants NSA phone records for his defense
(Scottish soccer team) Hearts put entire squad up for sale
Berlin Airport Can't Turn Lights Off
Pat Robertson Tells Viewer Disaster Prophets Are 'Nutty'
Burning Around the Clock: Berlin Airport Can't Turn Lights Off
Kid on reddit would rather wait to see instead of go to the hospital after (allegedly) coughing up a large chunk of flesh.
Senior politicians call for UK security services to be given greater internet monitoring powers
Flying bicycle gets off the ground in Prague (and lands safely, too)
Cop cleared of wrongdoing after shooting kittens in front of screaming kids
A Fake Cop Nabbed a Dallas Man in a Fake Prostitution Sting, Then Stole His Real Money
Central Florida police say Jose Martinez, a suspect in a 2006 double homicide, told authorities he's killed more than 30 people around the U.S. as a drug cartel hitman
Turkey protests: Erdogan trying - and failing - to herd cats
Premium parking spot gets top dollar
Bill would warn viewers their TV is watching them
WikiLeaks' Founder Julian Assange to Release Single With Puerto Rican Group Calle 13
Student Arrested for Burping During Class
Deputies: Mac and cheese spat leaves brother with stab wound (Picture alone is awesome!)
Boston woman pays $560,000 for 2 parking spots
20-year-old has heart attack, gets 3 tickets in Spring Lake Heights
Man outsources his own job to China so he can surf Reddit all day.
Men to Blame for the Menopause
Stride Rite Recalls Girl's Sandals Due to Choking Hazard
The song "Happy Birthday to You" is at the center of a new copyright lawsuit
Florida man stabs brother over missing mac and cheese
Rick Perry: Americans have no right to freedom from religion
Woman, Mistaken For Dead, Dies For Real of Heart Attack After Waking Up at Own Funeral
Fla man stabs brother over missing mac and cheese
Lovey R. Love charged with statutory rape after woman catches him allegedly having sex with her teen daughter.
Who owns 'Happy Birthday?' Lawsuit seeks return of millions
Microsoft waits to fix your software bugs so the NSA can use them first
PETA wants its own fleet of drones
A woman died at her own funeral from a heart attack caused by shock when she woke up and saw that she was in a coffin about to be buried alive [x-post from r/todayilearned]
Sony Copies Microsoft Again. PS4 looks exactly like the XBOX One
NSA Leaker Edward Snowden Has a Higher Approval Rating Than Congress
Cop discover cannabis factory when his fart forces colleagues to crack a window
26 Lawmakers Live Off Food Stamps To Protest Republican Cuts
Cop discovers cannabis farm after his fart forces colleagues to open a window
California Teacher Fired For Being A Victim Of Domestic Abuse (X-post from SRSFeminism)
Robert Downey, Jr. makes toddler cry for not being Iron Man
Microsoft Crushed Sony at E3
Last week there was an article about a woman who's attempting to live on nothing but water, tea & 'light'. I'm making a film about it.
Flatulent cop leads police to cannabis factory
Study claims Lego faces are angrier than ever
Goose lives with arrow in back
Do-it-yourself brain stimulation has scientists worried as healthy people try to make their minds work better
Too Much Prozac Turns Minnows Into Killers
Conservative Website Pitches "Pork-Infused" Ammo Meant To Serve As A "Terrorist Deterrent" | Blog
Eyeball-licking: the fetish that is making Japanese teenagers sick
Angry North Korea "Not Taking Calls"
Kenyans unleash pigs to protest Parliament salary hikes
Homeless alcoholic conned pub into thinking he was Louis Theroux
Adam Sandler to Play a Suicidal Man Who Can See Ghosts in His Next Movie
Colombian poet to sell testicles for $20K to fund trip to Europe
Man stabs brother over mac and cheese
Anti-gay congressman walks through wrong door, attends LGBT event
PETA killed 90 percent of adopted animals
GOP Rep. opens wrong door, attends LGBT event
Japanese ambassador to UN: 'Don't laugh! Why you are laughing? Shut up!'
No More Mr. Nice Cream: Ice Cream Truck Driver Told to Get Rid of Music Due to Noise Complaints
'Mmmhops': New Beer by Hanson Toasts Former Boy Band's Comeback
Chinese censors target Winnie the Pooh and Tigger
Pentagon: Top West Point Official 'Misused His Position To Obtain Cat Care'
After Penis Implant, Man Sues Over 8-Month Erection
"Our Top Secret Message to NSA Whistleblower Edward Snowden" via WIRED
Man calls police to say his sex worker isn't good looking enough
Flatulent cop helps bust cannabis farm
A woman died at her own funeral from a heart attack caused by shock when she woke up and saw that she was in a coffin about to be buried alive.
Japanese "eyeball licking" trend carries blindness risk
Microsoft Confirms Xbox One Will Only Work in 21 States in the US at Launch
Doctors To Vote On Whether Cheerleading Is A Sport
Homeless alcoholic pleads guilty to conning pub staff by saying he was Louis Theroux
Northwest firefighters respond to stinky situation
Study blames men for menopause
Police say Pa. man threatened horse, demanded sex
Adult bookstore raided, investigated for prostitution and illegal sex acts
Is My Little Pony getting too sexy for young children?
Ranch Dressing Soda: The Newest Flavor By Lester's Fixins
Filmmaker picks a copyright fight with "Happy Birthday"
Driverless Car Rigged to Ram White House Gate so Man Could Spray Graffiti
Angry-looking Lego men 'could harm kids' development'
Eyeball Licking: Japan's Craziest New Fetish
Florida man stabs brother over mac and cheese, spilled beer
Rape victim receives 101 lashes for becoming pregnant
Boston parking space sold - $560,000
What is something you wish you had, but can't have?
Nazi SS commander outed in the US
Shepherd with colorful flag is removed from church Gospel event in Brazil.
UI letter accidentally directs customers to call phone sex hot line
"Million Moms" Knickers Knotted Over Naked Hunk Ad
Megan Fox is Reportedly Losing Hair Over Ninja Turtles
Lee's Summit Man Pulls Shotgun On Taco Bell Employees Who Forgot Hot Sauce
Police to Naked Bike Riders: Wear Helmets
Wind blows pancake into Jeep
"We have to screen our customers now. If they don't speak feline they don't get in........meow that was a joke!" -Amy from Amy's Baking Company
U.S. Navy Approves Use Of Lowercase Letters
Senate Staffers Told To Pretend Top Secret Documents Are Not Widely Available On Web
Lookalike war sees 'Gainsbourg' on trial for stabbing 'Hallyday'
Woman, 36, charged after having baby fathered by 11-year-old boy
UI accidentally leads some residents to phone-sex hot line
Google tests balloons to beam internet from near space
Police: Teens Use Stolen Credit Card for Photo Booth
Woman denied U.S. citizenship because she doesn't believe in a god
Woman denied citizenship because she doesn't believe in a god.
Police Take Homeless People's Sleeping Bags And Food Parcels In Ilford Raids (U.K.)
Police Take Homeless People's Sleeping Bags And Food Parcels In Ilford Raids (London)
Robert Kraft: Vladimir Putin stole my Super Bowl ring
Man gets 3 years in prison after restaurant meal thefts
B.C. Mom heartbroken after son in wheelchair left to the side in class photo.
In Uzbekistan, a 73-year-old man who filed a complaint was arrested for violating a ban on filing complaints
Watch 2013 Barack Obama debate 2006 Joe Biden over NSA surveillance
New England Patriots owner, Robert Kraft, admits that Russian President Vladimir Putin and 3 KGB guys stole his Super Bowl ring.
Pakistan hates gays but love 'shemale sex' and 'man f***ing man' porn searches
Ryse: Son of Rome Quick Time Events Complete Themselves If Players Miss Them
Al Qaeda Calls On Mahmoud Ahmadinejad To End 'Ridiculous' 9/11 Conspiracy Theories
Two Parking Spaces in Boston Sold for $560,000
Senators skip classified briefing on NSA snooping to catch flights home
Chinese Communist Party plans to establish its branch in space
Ammo Manufacturer Comes Up With The Ultimate Jihadi-Deterent: Pork-Infused Bullets
Samsung pays Apple $1 Billion sending 30 trucks full of nickles
Flight diverted after sadistic film shown to children
Texas Representative Louie Gohmert Claims Moshing Violates God's Law
Darrell Issa Wants To Rename Coastal Zones After Ronald Reagan
Eyeball licking can lead to pink eye, blindness, doctors warn
Hezbollah ban on celebratory gunfire hailed - with gunfire
Man Accused in One-Punch Death Gets New Court Date
Sarah Palin on U.S. Decision on Syria: 'Let Allah Sort It Out'
4 Rescue Bear With Head Stuck in Jar
Six-legged giant finds secret hideaway, hides for 80 years
Man calls Solihull police to complain about prostitute's looks
Alaska man charged with DUI on shopping cart
Man wears a nylon jacket and wool shirt to a job interview, resulting static electricity sets room on fire
Lego faces are angrier now, study shows
'He's possessed!': Mother tries to 'toss baby boy off sea wall to rid him of imaginary snakes'
Woman stuck in elevator, stays calm
Ear wax explosion sends 4 to hospital
Cops mistake art for bomb, blow it up at festival
Google begins launching Internet-beaming balloons
Tony Blair strongly denies affair with Wendi Deng as outrageous rumours sweep the internet over reason behind Murdoch divorce
Student Injured After Dude Shot Bottle Rocket From Anus Can't Sue Marshall University
Man threatens to blow up FBI filed office with bomb in a burrito
Baseball Park security guard annihilates defenseless beach ball
Is Maine's population too old and white to be sustainable?
Boy dies after getting mauled due to Facebook comment
Dog Butt Looks Like Jesus Christ In A Robe
Man's static jacket sparks alert
Throwing children in prison turns out to be a really bad idea
Cat runs for mayor of Mexican city
Tasmanian woman Leanne Rowe wakes from car crash with rare Foreign Accent Syndrome
Michael Jackson's 'ghost' testifies in wrongful death trial
Incompetent cancer specialist hired after Skype interview
Few turn out for annual reddit.com event
14-year-old at the center of "NRA T-Shirt Controversy" now facing possibility of 1 year in jail
Foreign Knights Invade America
POPE BLESSES HUNDREDS OF HARLEY-DAVIDSONS
Indian Woman Stoned To Death For Sending Husband Too Many Facebook Game Requests
the Los Angeles Police Department sent out the SWAT team and snipers in order to get the man to come to the ground.
North Korea proposes high-level nuclear talks with US
Man, 63, Arrested After Driving Drunk On Shopping Cart
Putin denies stealing Patriots' Super Bowl ring
Eyeball Licking (Oculolinctus) Can Be Dangerous, Doctors Warn
Police mistake art for a bomb
400-year-old skeleton of aboriginal woman found in Sarnia backyard costs couple $5,000
Woman Shits on Dance Floor; keeps dancing.
Cat Detained At Russian Prison After Illegal Smuggling Mission
Gordon Ramsey's dwarf porn double allegedly found dead in badger den [x-post /r/funny]
Warrior's new football boots feature 'gloryholes'
Naked 16th Street BART Acrobat Officially Fired From Acrobat Troupe
Is George Osborne's Cat Freya A Chinese Spy?
Woman kills boyfriend with shoe after night at bar
Cop Gets Pissed Off When Bar Plays N.W.A.'s "Fuck tha Police"
UKIP leader loses appeal against £2,400 fine for saying EU chief had 'charisma of a damp rag and appearance of a bank clerk'
Travelers spot Jesus at Phoenix airport
Girl, 15, Faces Child Porn Charges for Nude Cell Phone Pictures of Herself
The NFL bans purses and bags from stadiums in response to the Boston Bombing. Only 1 gallon ziplock bags will be allowed.
Alien Hand Syndrome sees woman attacked by her own hand
Prime Minister Julia Gillard accused of 'showing cleavage' in Parliament
Literacy study: 1 in 7 U.S. adults are unable to read this story
Galveston county judge arrested again
Nike decides that after the Boston Massacre, it should stop selling it's "Boston Massacre" Shirts
Putin denies stealing Super Bowl ring, says it was a gift.
Family tweets indicate Kim Kardashian gives birth
ridiculous title (x-post from r/funny)
NY man who caught four boys vandalizing home is charged after locking them in closet until police arrived
Raw Sewage Leak at Oakland Coliseum Forces Athletics, Mariners to Share Locker Room
Man mauled after feeding bear some BBQ had been drinking, troopers say
The £47,000 holiday for dogs
Car crash leaves Australian woman speaking with French accent
Putin says West arming Syrian rebels who eat human flesh
Nude Kim Kardashian 'Fertility' Statue Unveiled
A Dallas Anti-Aging Clinic is Entirely Too Proud of Its "Breakthrough" Penis Enlargement Shot
McDonalds worker sues: Don't pay by debit card
Eyeball licking fad among teens can cause blindness and pink eye, experts warn
I'm Sick of Hearing About Your Smoking Hot Wife
Man tells police he was using mower to chase gopher
NAVY STOPS COMMUNICATING IN ALL CAPS
Adolph Hitler's Dad Wears Nazi Uniform to Court
Ontario Man gets beat up trying to exchange a Blackhawks sweater for Weed
The Court Overseeing NSA Spying Has Already Found It Violated The Constitution
Man Texts 'I Need To Quit Texting' Before Driving Off Bridge
Man Sold Stolen Car Through Craigslist, Stole it Back, Prosecutors Say
'Sesame Street' creates first Muppet to have a parent in jail
91-Year-Old Sets Bench Press World Record
7-Eleven Stores Operated 'Modern Day Plantation System,' Feds Claim
Barack Obama tells Africa to stop blaming colonialism for problems
Because of the war on drugs, the US is paying Peruvian farmers to grow more asparagus (instead of coca), which is then imported into the US, putting US asparagus farmers out of business.
Obama Boots Putin From the Gym at the G8 Summit; Putin Takes the Lake
Chinese officials defy rules and are charged with corruption for consulting fortune tellers.
Waukesha man argues constitutional right of goat love, charges filed
Chinese Company Selling Hairy Stockings
Comcast CEO Brian Roberts: "I hope there's a demand for Google Fiber... That's the best thing that can happen to our industry."
Japanese craze for eyeball licking leads to rise in infections
Spurs' Tony Parker on Heat's defense: "I can't believe Danny Green is still open"
Report: Kim Jong Un handing out copies of 'Mein Kampf' to senior North Korean officials
Motorcyclist pursued by a massive grey wolf while riding on a highway in Banff, Canada.
Australian Woman has French Accent Following Car Accident, Foreign Accent Syndrome to Blame
Londoners at risk of death from outbreak of exploding pavements
Jury finds no negligence in trial over man's 8-month erection
Woman wakes from car crash with 'French accent' Read more: http://www.news.com.au/national-news/woman-wakes-from-car-crash-with-french-accent/story-fncynjr2-1226665005509#ixzz2WVYUmFUI
More Than Half The Senate Skips Town Rather Than Attend Briefing About NSA Surveillance
Popular Houston Stripper Miscarriages While Twerking On Stage
1-Billion-Year-Old Water Tastes "Terrible"
'Jihawg Ammo' Offers Pork-Painted Bullets To Shoot Muslims
Kim Kardashian's Daughter Looks Just Like Her, Name Reportedly Begins With 'K'
South Carolina Man Arrested For Beating Disabled Man With His Own Prosthetic Leg
U.K. girl uses her toy unicorn's fake passport to get through Turkish customs: report
GOP plan to appeal to millennials: "Make abortion funny"
5-year-old girl's lemonade stand draws ire of Westboro Baptist Church
The Pentagon will spend $572 million to buy 30 Russian-built military helicopters that will be used by Afghan security forces
U.S. says it will buy Russian helicopters for Afghan military
Supreme Court's Kagan invokes Tommy Tutone hit "867-5309/Jenny"
Scientist Drinks Billion-Year-Old Water Just to See What It's Like
Texas Congressman: Masturbating Fetuses Prove Need for Abortion Ban
Driver 'Emma Way' Tweets How She "Definitely knocked a cyclist off his bike earlier - I have right of way he doesn't even pay road tax #bloodycyclists"
New SF Bus DIES forcing Mayor and Press to wait for a replacement bus... during unveiling ceremony.
Newspaper apologizes to extra-terrestrials for linking them with Scientology.
Boy Who Made Gun-Shaped Pastry Has Appeal Denied
Daycare workers fired after children taped down for naps
Zubiri vows to make AIDS illegal
Couples who have premarital sex to be considered 'married,' says Tamil Nadu High Court in India
Was Uri Geller a secret CIA spy? That's the claim in a new BBC documentary. And the really mind-boggling part? It might just be true
Hemingway revealed as failed KGB spy
Bird collector gets into shoot-out after threatening cops with toy gun
Man Has Erection For Eight Months After Botched Penis Enlargement Surgery
TV licence fee excuses revealed
North Korea calls U.S 'kingpin of human rights abuses' following NSA leaks
Drunk Man Sought Alcohol-Free Breath To Start Vehicle
Cough up for hospital parking
Dalai Lama pushes peace and pop song at the Melbourne Convention Centre
Thai Buddhist monks criticised for lavish behavior
President Obama: I'm not Dick Cheney
How to turn your cellphone into a dolphin
Cyclist runs red light, struck by taxicab during group ride promoting bike safety
FBI Resumes Hunt for Jimmy Hoffa After Tip
GOP lawmaker: Extreme abortion ban justified because of masturbating fetuses
Russian President Putin: I did not steal Super Bowl ring
Man with severed hands accused of stabbing father
North Korea says surveillance leaks prove U.S. is "kingpin" of rights abuse
Dead Cat is Painted Over by Road Crew
Pat Robertson: Disobedient Wives 'Must Be Spanked'
UPDATE: Seattle woman gives up trying to live on light, no food
Republican cites masturbating fetuses to support new abortion restrictions
Fasting woman to end attempt to 'live on light'
Stoya, Porn Star: My Dad Says I Ruined Porn For Him
Simon Parkes, Labour Councillor, Says 'Sex With An Alien Is Causing Problems In My Marriage'
Hairy Stockings Are China's Latest 'Anti-Pervert' Trend
Bodybuilder Shot A 20 Year Old Guy For Asking Him "Do You Even Lift?"
Hairy leggings all the rage in China
Dead cat on Grand Junction road is painted over by road crew
Japanese 'eyeball licking' trend could spread disease
8 year old boys vandalize house with paint and hammers, homeowner charged with keeping them "hostage" until police arrive.
Anti-Social App Helps People Avoid Their Friends
Upstate Man Arrested For Locking Up Kids After They Caused $40K In Damages To House
Michael Burgess: I Oppose Abortion Because Male Fetuses Masturbate
Dead cat painted by road crew
Row over son's team sees father stabbed
Ohio pro-life organization raises funds by selling assault rifles and ammunition
Man Charged with DUI...On Shopping Cart
Is there beauty in Adam Levine's neck beard?
Rep. Michael Burgess Wants To Save Masturbating Fetuses From Abortions
Bullish business: Pakistan's private sector producing more semen than govt
When keeping it real goes wrong
Idiot-proof' wrapping paper for men
Mexican cat draws support for mayoral run
A Woman Virtually Nobody Has Heard Of Is On The Verge Of Becoming The Most Powerful Woman In The World
'Hardcore Pawn' Star -- I'd Buy Kim K's Baby Poop
Rep Michael Burgess (R-TX): I Oppose Abortion Because Male Fetuses Masturbate
14-year-old kid in West Virginia arrested over his pro-NRA shirt now faces a year in jail for refusing orders to stop talking.
After crash, Australian woman has French accent
Man goes on forklift joyride, runs over worker at Kansas business
Sesame Street Creates a Muppet Whose Dad Is in Jail. Way Too Many Kids Relate.
Antoine Dodson renounces homosexuality to become a hebrew israelite.
six die attempting to save drowning chicken; chicken survives.
Girl's lemonade stand raises ire of Westboro Baptist Church
Wyandotte Teens, Adults Trade High-Tech Video Games for Old Wooden Stick
Cap'n Crunch: Not really a captain.
Prison Hotel Treats Guests Like Inmates
Gérard Depardieu Believes His Occasional Drunkenness Is Endearing to France
Innocent man jailed 24 years, and his ex-wife wants cut of his payout
Police: Man reacts to Father's Day snub with drive-by shooting
Congressman argues against abortion because Fetuses masturbate
Google director: Early adoption is for rich chumps
Bosnian Goalkeeper Discovers In-Game Headache Was from Bullet in His Head
Six Egyptians drown trying to save chicken.
Egypt appoints member of terror group that once massacred tourists to run tourism region
Stoya's Dad Is Angry at Her for Ruining Porn for Him
Stoya: I have ruined porn for dad
Chaos at champagne shower party after guests sprayed with wrong vintage
Whitby councillor claims to have fathered alien child
GOP Congressman Wants to Ban Abortion to Save Masturbating Fetuses
Six drown trying to save chicken (WTF xpost)
Kim Jong Un Gave Out Hitler's Mein Kampf To Senior Officials In Honor Of Birthday: Report
Kim Jong Un Gave Out Hitler's Mein Kampf To Senior Officials In Honor Of Birthday
Rep. Michael Burgess Says Abortion Should be Limited to the first 15 Weeks, citing that 15-Week-Old Male Fetuses Pleasure Themselves In Utero
NFL to 'Enhance Public Safety' by Implementing 'Clear Bag' policy
BuzzFeed sued for $3.6 million over fairly boring soccer photo
Cap'n Crunch Forced to Refute Claims That He's Not a Real Captain
Rep. Michael Burgess Says 15-Week-Old Male Fetuses Pleasure Themselves
Man tries to hide from law in ottoman with chocolate milk on top
Eighth grader arrested over NRA shirt faces year in jail
Tulsa Thieves Take Man's Pants, Custom Cadillac
Walmart Fires Pregnant Employee For Drinking Water on the Job
118-yr-old woman's wish to die leaves 100-yr-old son worried
China 'Hair Stockings' May Help Scare Off 'Perverts'
Revealed: British to blame for Ireland's drink problem
Ed Hardy Blames Jon Gosselin for Demise of His Fashion Brand
Dolphin dies in China after tourists hoist it out of water to pose for photographs.
North Korea has blasted a report that its leader, Kim Jong-un, gave out copies of Adolf Hitler's memoir Mein Kampf to officials on his birthday. North Korea has denounced the defectors as "human scum" and threatened to kill them.
Man spotted riding bike, fondling himself
Wyoming police respond to exorcism gone bad
Woman allegedly bites off ring finger of another woman during fight over cigarettes, 50 cents
Mandella to 'hang around' for final season of Breaking Bad, say relatives
Russian Olympic wrestler strangled to death with whip
Cat stands for election in Mexican city
Cap'n Controversy: Is Cap'n Crunch really a captain? Internet fuels delicious debate
Hairy leg stockings for girls in China ward off perverts
BEST DEFENSE Robots: Killing Our Warrior Spirit? THE CABLE Whistleblower: I'm Being Bullied By State Dept. PASSPORT Syria: Is It the Sunnis' or Shiites' Fault? Pakistani ambassador rejected because his name is NSFW in Arabic
Catholic Church has no problem with marriage between gay man, lesbian
Drunk Man Feeds BBQ to a Bear
Labour politician Simon Parkes 'fathered child with alien and extra terrestrial sex is ruining his marriage'
Posh Ottawa neighbourhood deporting squirrels across border into Quebec
A Bunch Of Miami Heat Fans Left Game 6 Early, Banged On The Doors To Be Let Back In During Overtime
Pot Pigs: Farmer Pioneers Marijuana-Fed Pork
BREAKING NEWS: Still Missing
Driver nabbed at 180 km/h told officer he was drying his car
Simon Parkes: Labour politician 'fathered child with Cat Queen alien'
Hairy 'anti pervert stockings' are a fashion must have in China.
Paula Deen Allegedly Admits To Using N-Word, Having Dinner Party With People Dressed As Slaves
AMA Says It's Time To Call Obesity A Disease
Comments by Rep. Michael Burgess About Fetuses Masturbating Not Based in Science, Doctors Say
Idaho-based company creates pork-infused bullets to defend against Islamic extremists
Work on Guangzhou Metro Line 6 destroys five ancient tombs
Two prostitutes cheered loudly and burst into tears of relief Wednesday when their father & son pimps were acquitted of sex trafficking charges
Paleontologists brought to tears, laughter by Creation Museum
Mark Zuckerberg Charms South Koreans With 'Proper' Handshake
KKK in Albany Building Truck Mounted Death Rays
Terrorism radiation plot uncovered in Albany Full on Boris mode.
Paula Deen Wants to Have Black Slaves at Her Southern Dinner Party
North Korea has angrily denied a report that its ruler used Adolf Hitler's memoir as a leadership guide, threatening to kill the authors of the report (x-post from /r/worldnews).
LOOK: China Invented The Weirdest Way Ever To Ward Off Pervs
North Korea has angrily denied a report that its ruler used Adolf Hitler's memoir as a leadership guide, threatening to kill the authors of the report.
6 Jealous Wives Rape Their Husband to Death
Chinese Women 'Hair Stockings' May Help Scare Off 'Perverts'
ESPN Comparing Lebron's stats with and without a headband
'Sesame Street' introduces first-ever muppet with a parent in prison
Men's Wearhouse fires George Zimmer, no longer liking the way he looks
Doctors' association adopts stance against sitting
Hitler's Autobiography is NOT on Kim Jong-Un's Book Club
Police: Ohio day-care operator drugged pancakes to make children sleep
NBA Finals: LeBron James to start Game 7 with headband on
Obama, Putin Agree Never to Speak to Each Other Again
Sean Penn pleads to paparazzo kick
State Health groups oppose gun bill provision
Couples In India Who Have Premarital Sex To Be Considered Married
Heath Campbell, white supremist announces he and his fiance plan to call their baby Eva Braun if it's a girl.
Say it ain't so! Cap'N Crunch not really a captain?
Key similarity between Christ and Superman is that they're both made-up, say experts (x-post from /r/atheism)
Bulldozers destroy Mayan pyramid in Belize
Key similarity between Christ and Superman is that they're both made-up, say experts
Federal Agents Accuse Two Of Plotting Deadly X-Ray Weapon
Man Arrested For Throwing Spear At Passing Vehicle
Zipcar for Airplanes Helps Pilots Get in the Air Faster
Sign Language Ban Imposed on N.J. Girl
Game of Thrones' Emilia Clarke wants to wear her Daenerys wig all the time, do meth on Breaking Bad
Hairy Stockings Sold in China Designed to Fend Off Perverts
Falling toilet seats: Rare but growing risk for boys
Feds: 2 plotted to build 'Hiroshima light switch' weapon
'Grab Her Hand and Put it Right on Your Dick:' Redditor Successfully Kickstarts His Terrible Dating Book
Goon bag missile disables vehicle
FBI says it found no sign of remains of Jimmy Hoffa
Abbott, the thinking person's prime minister
Feds Charge Albany-Area Men In Death-Ray Plot
Home Depot Tote Bags: Hottest New Accessory? | Fashion
Chinese Official Blows Millions on Online Game Addiction
KKK Member Tried to Sell X-Ray Weapon to Kill 'Israel's Enemies'
Metta World Peace searching for a more distinctive name
Feds: Albany-area men were trying to create a deadly 'ray gun'
Burglar's horror at dead man find.
Who you should never get a full time job, aka pointless dvice from somewhat who already has money
U.S. Navy: No Record of Cap'n Crunch Service
Pharcyde Members Sue Other Pharcyde Members For Using Pharcyde Name
United's "Fly By The Tips Of Your Fingers" Slogan Takes On New Meaning When TP Runs Out
Liquid nitrogen stunt at Jagermeister party in Mexico leaves a man in coma
Couples In India Who Have Premarital Sex To Be Considered Married, Madras High Court Rules
FBI Foils Plot To Build X-Ray Weapon Targeting Obama
Anti-Abortion Group In Ohio Is Fundraising By Selling Assault Rifles
Somali Militants Live-Tweet Their Deadly Attack on U.N. Compound
Police nab alleged rapist named Rapis
Passerby who happens to be daughter of baseball's Joe Torre catches falling baby
Dunkin Donuts Introduces Gluten Free Confections in Fast Food First
Chaos at champagne shower party after guests sprayed with wrong vintage champagne.
Navy Responds to Crunch Scandal
Chicago teachers union chief faults 'rich white people and racism' for city's education mess
Kansas caverns could preserve human race
Continuum, a magazine denying the existence of HIV/AIDS, ceased publication when all of its editors died of AIDS. (X-post r/todayilearned)
French woman accused of disguising herself as daughter to sit exam
Google admits those infamous brainteasers were completely useless for hiring
Fbi Admits That Obeying Constitution Just Takes Too Much Time
FBI Admits That Obeying The Constitution Just Takes Too Much Time
Justin Bieber hits Paparazzo with Ferrari
Exodus International, a leading 'pray the gay away' group, have apologised to the gay people they have hurt and will shut down.
Woman dressed as a vagina stops attack on man dressed as penis
Paula Deen reportedly wanted black people to play slaves at a wedding
Florida carjacking at gunpoint fails after man can't drive stick shift.
Pentagon confirms that Cap'n Crunch, cereal fraudster, is wearing rank of a U.S. Navy Commander
Rihanna Smacks A Fan in the Face With Her Microphone
Lebron James Says He Will Start Game 7 with a Headband on
California man throws spear at moving car, police say
Margaret Doughty, Atheist Seeking U.S. Citizenship, Told To Join Church Or Be Denied
Car crash leaves Australian woman with French accent
One killed as roads burst in heatwave in Germany
Gold Prices Collapse As Everyone Remembers It's Just Yellow Metal
Feds thwart KKK member's plot to create mobile death ray to kill "undesirables"
Supreme Court Cruelly Tricks a Nation into Briefly Reading About "Class-Action Arbitration"
Chinese Woman Crushes Husband and Her Own Head While Parking
Kendrick Perkins Sells His Dog On Twitter
Riot after Chinese teachers try to stop pupils cheating
'Spanking for Jesus' movement lets God-fearing husbands feel good about punishing their wives
KKK member, accomplice created lethal X-ray system, FBI says
Baby who won best hair contest accused of wearing a wig.
When Maine Governor Paul LePage was asked about the Democrats' response, he said, "Sen. Jackson claims to be for the people, but he's the first one to give it to the people without providing Vaseline."
The Pharcyde Members Sue Other Pharcyde Members For Using Pharcyde Name
John McAfee Fed Up with Users Asking Him How to Uninstall McAfee Antivirus
N.J. school board bans hearing-impaired girl from using sign language
"Vaseline" comment sparks controversy at State House
Man dies, comes back to life, what he saw
Seven injured in stampede as Chinese fans rush to see David Beckham
MASTURBATION PARTY LESS CREEPY THAN RAVES, SAYS 19 YEAR OLD GIRL
Women Tricked Into Shouting Nazi Phrases At Fake Casting Call
Ottawa community deports squirrels to Quebec
Content Monster Gary Vaynerchuk Is Launching His Own Talent Agency for Vine Stars
Joe Torre's daughter catches baby
Archbishop OK with gays marrying lesbians, so that solves everything
Aaron Hernandez Destroyed Cell Phone, Home Surveillance and Had House Scrubbed Clean on Monday
There are Giant Clouds of Alcohol Floating in Space
Woman sleeping in trash bin dumped into garbage truck
Tim Marczenko says he was looking for Bigfoot in the bush east of Toronto, not tending to a marijuana plot.
Google admits its famous job interview questions were a 'complete waste of time'
Explosion at Quebec fireworks factory kills two
Man gets jail for cheating in fishing tournament
Maine Gov. Paul LePage: Democratic Leader 'Giving It' To Public Without 'Vaseline' | TPM LiveWire
Kissing cousins? Icelandic app warns if your date is a relative
Man sues after slipping on "white substance" in gym.
World's Most Cynical Art Student Makes Wedding Dress Out Of Divorce Papers
Alabama politician considering launching congressional race from jail
Chelsea Clinton Laments: My Grandmother Did Not Have Access to Planned Parenthood
Texas Shoplifter Steals Penis Enlargement Pills And, Of Course, Oversize Magnum Condoms
Airsoft guns, a serious crime.
Wife mistaken for monkey shot dead
Why is modern poetry so bad?
Fan suffers heart attack watching Blackhawks (x-post from /r/hockey)
Man shoots up patrol car containing police dummy
Maine Governor Denounces Democratic Budget Using Anal Rape Joke
Fan suffers heart attack watching Blackhawks
Pre-teen anthem singer Julia Dale proves to be Miami Heat's good-luck charm
Bake a cake instead of having sex, students told
Kim Kardahisn names baby girl North . . . North West
Drunken man fires gun, police respond with armored personnel carrier
Kim Kardashian -- BABY NAME REVEALED ... North West
Casino magnate Sheldon Adelson: I'm morally opposed to online gambling.
FBI charges two men for building 'X-ray gun' to shoot 'enemies of Israel'
Bus company sends Freedom of Information Act request request to university to "dox" redditor
Bus company that threatened redditor with lawsuit tries to reopen suits. Owner also sent university FOIA request to "dox" reddit user.
French Mother Allegedly Takes Exam For Daughter, Poses As 19-Year-Old
Infuriated Taylor Swift Fans Force Abercrombie to Pull T-Shirt
What they don't realise is that if they jump like men their uteruses will drop and it will need lakhs of rupees to cure them.
Facebook Post Leads to Teen Girl's Shooting Death
Inmates Taunt Jerry Sandusky by Singing Pink Floyd Lyrics - "Leave Those Kids Alone"
Bus company that threatened redditor with lawsuit tries to reopen suits
Kim Kardashian, Kanye West name baby girl North West, say reports.
Man with 10st testicles is unhappy at their removal - as op left him with a 1inch penis (considered selling testicles on eBay)
Daily Mail forced to pay damages to Psychic over libel claims that she defrauded her audience
'Star Wars' dubbed into Navajo gets film premiere
Kanye West & Kim Kardashian have named their baby "North". Full name, North West. In other news, Geographers worldwide are rioting in the streets.
The ex-files: Final UFO documents reveal Chinese lanterns and cover-up claims
Snake charmer dies from snakebites during a session helping those with a fear of snakes
Conservative MPs launch attempt to bring back death penalty, privatise the BBC and ban burka
Should NJ's Flags be Lowered for James Gandolfini? [POLL]
KKK Member Arrested In Terror Plot Involving Radiation Death Ray
Jewish man shot dead by Israeli guard in Jerusalem after shouting "Allahu Akbar"
Woman dressed as a vagina saves man dressed as a penis at Glastonbury
I'm not growing pot, I'm searching for Bigfoot: Sasquatch hunter says he was wrongly arrested in Durham forest
Snails may provide clue to origins of Irish people
WAKA FLOCKA: "I'M PRODUCING AMANDA BYNES' RAP ALBUM 'She's Gonna Kill the Game'
Migrants sue France and Spain for failing to help
Official: water complaints could be 'act of terrorism'
Angelina Jolie asks leaders to end Syria conflict
3 nights, 3 OUI arrests for Southwest Harbor man | BDN Maine mobile from the Bangor Daily News
NYCLU sues after creative speeding ticket response results in arrest
Woman dressed as vagina stops street fight between penis and man in Glastonbury
Snake charmers, jugglers and mimes - oh my!: Chattanooga group seeks street artists
Snake expert killed by snake while helping people overcome fear of snakes.
Drunken Homer man fires off, 8-ton trooper tank rolls out
Adam Orth To Give Speech On Online Toxicity
Teen Fatally Stabbed in Argument Over Chicken
Alberta flood: 'I watched a refrigerator go by. It's insane'
Official: Water complaints could be 'act of terrorism' [x-post /r/news]
Man arrested for lying to the police after bragging on Twitter about having lied to the police
Americans Worked Less, Watched More TV in 2012
Snake charmer dies during demonstration to fight fear of snakes
Parents banned from sports day to avoid children getting stressed
Little girl goes through Turkish customs on stuffed animal's Build-A-Bear passport.
Texas A&M, Notre Dame to join other schools in releasing their own fragrance line
Paula Deen Was Held In Contempt Of Court For Refusing To Release A Video In Which She Fellates A Chocolate Éclair
Woman dressed as giant vagina stops street attack on giant penis
Man Dressed As Penis Assaulted As Woman Dressed as Vagina Tries to Intervene
Man with 140 lbs. testicles unhappy with removal surgery after op leaves him with 1 inch penis
Woman, son accused of stealing gopher feet.
New Jersey Governor Orders Flags to Be Lowered for James Gandolfini
TSA Flags Man With World's Largest Penis For Additional Crotch Screening
Sigur Ros' Management Accidentally Re-Releases Last Album Thinking It's Their New Album
Disagreement About How to Make Kool-Aid Lands a Guy in Jail
Dieter Zorn, Snake Expert, Dies After Viper Bite During Presentation On Overcoming A Fear Of Snakes
Plants 'seen doing quantum physics'
U.S. patent case climaxes with win for Canadian vibrator maker
Shane Battier celebrates NBA championship at Denny's
Bodybuilder shot 20 year old guy for asking him, "Do you even lift?"
'Gay cure' Christian ministry closes down after its leader apologises and admits he's attracted to men - Americas - World
'Gay cure' Christian ministry closes down after its leader apologises and admits he's attracted to men
Man crashes on Interstate with daughters in car while half-naked, high on meth, wearing a woman's blouse and prosthetic Breasts.
Smelly load falls from sky into family backyard: "I stuck a finger in the water and I smelled it," she said, shuddering. "It was poop."
Americans choose to watch the NBA finals instead of porn.
Frontiers of Race, Culture and Ethnicity: Mapping out the 4 Basic Aspects of Being a 'Bro'
Japanese killed with umbrella for etiquette breach
Man masturbates, barks like dog as historic club burns
Wisconsin man banned from 'all the libraries on the face of the earth' as condition of $1,000 bond
Happy birthday, Edward Snowden: The US just charged you with espionage
Baaad news, sheep, this plant is about to bloom and wants to eat you
How would I go about making a blog popular?
Woman dressed as vagina stops attack on man dressed as penis
Obama Launches 'Open' Discussion on Whistleblower Protections with Espionage Charges for Snowden (x-post r/politics)
Steve Wozniak Is One Of The Few People Who Has Met The Kimye Baby
Obama Launches 'Open' Discussion on Whistleblower Protections w/ Espionage Charges for Snowden
Quebec language watchdog investigating yogurt spoons
Kanye West Is The Next Steve Jobs
Vladimir Putin offers to get Robert Kraft a new 'expensive' ring
Complaining about tap water can be considered an act of terrorism, official says
Al Qaeda's Inspire Magazine Confused With Esquire at Guantanamo Hearings
Christian Schools Australia defend abstinence, suggest kids try burping contests instead of sex
Lesbian Couple Attacked For Having Sex In McDonald's Bathroom
Others named North praise Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's baby name choice
Stephen Nodine eyes congressional bid, from jail.
U.S. charges Snowden with espionage [X-Post from News]
U.S. charges Snowden with espionage
Megachurch Pastor Asks Congregation To Help Pay For Helicopter Upgrade
Amanda Bynes teams up with Waka Flacka for Rap album
Teen Fatally Stabbed Over Piece of Chicken
NSA leaks: US charges Edward Snowden with spying
Obama meets with privacy watchdog panel ... in private
North Korean officials looking to own hockey team in KHL (Russian major hockey league)
Woman dressed as vagina stops street fight between penis and man in Glastonbury [NSFW]
Chinese students and families fight for the right to cheat their exams
Man who had 132 lbs scrotum removed is 'unhappy' after life-saving surgery leaves him with a one inch penis
White House Press Secretary Jay Carney 'Appreciates the Question'
Woman sues school for $2m after it used bikini-clad picture of her from her private Facebook page to illustrate the dangers of social media
Channel Ten Newsreader Natasha Exelby has laughing fit through tragic reports
Mississauga home 'bombed' by sky poo
WoW Whore Has 36 Accounts, Raids by Himself
Man jailed after fight with father about how to make Kool-Aid
Doctors Take A Long Shot And Inject HIV Into Dying Girl.
Mom allegedly tries to kill baby she thought was trying to kill her
Justin Bieber Keeps Plane Waiting for 8 Hours While Searching for Pet Monkey
Suicide prevention signs to be erected on Pasadena bridge
Jihawg Ammo: Pork-laced Bullets Designed To Send Muslims Straight 'To Hell'
Canada's Former Defence Minister Claims that Aliens Are Real
Times Square "Weed Man" Arrested After Stabbing Times Square "Beer Man": Gothamist
Nigerian police arrest a goat for being a 'shape-shifting armed robber'
Self described "Post-Ironic" Rock Star completely understood by parents.
'Hell Is Other People': An Anti-Social Network; The slick new app helps you avoid everyone you know. The catch? First you have to share exactly where you are
Pork-laced bullets designed to send Muslims straight to Hell.
In Japan, it's the new fad of showing affection...Eyeball Licking
Obama Confuses U.K. Finance Minister George Osborne with Soul Singer Jeffrey Osborne
15,000 Square Meter Ad Depicts A Wallaby Raping A Lion
Facebook's Former Security Chief Now Works for the NSA
15 arrested in Manchester as EDL (English Defense League) members fight each other
Local Man in Coma After Eating 413 Red Lobster Biscuits
Game of Spin the Bottle turns into Orgy for Eight Mexican Doctors and Nurses; they are Suspended after Uploading the Videos to Internet
Weed Man Arrested for Stabbing Beer Man, Alien & Predator Witnesses
Man goes to jail after trying to resell ticket for rained-out Washington Nationals game
Teen who served time for bomb plot declares candidacy for mayor
Saudi cleric calls for more violence in Syria, then heads to London, which he described as "a place where Muslims should not go to during times of crisis.
White House spokesman: "Only by bringing Mr. Snowden to justice can we safeguard the most precious of American rights: privacy"
Bigoted Gun-Nuts Create Pork-Tipped Bullets to Send Muslims 'To Hell'
TANNING MOM "I'm Way Hotter than Farrah"
Multi-million dollar corp swipes this guy's blog, concept, ideas and even his personality. WTF?!
Shop Owner Accidentally Gives Cannabis Cookies to Kids, Teacher
Americans Are Naming Their Baby Girls Khaleesi
Taliban Named Best Place to Work 2013.
Two New Yorkers Fishfight Over Parking Lot
Christian Domestic Discipline Promotes Spanking Wives To Maintain Biblical Marriage
Fight or flight? Saudi cleric heads to London after call for jihad in Syria
U.S. Seemingly Unaware of Irony in Accusing Snowden of Spying
High River hit hard by flooding
Snail genes reveal human migration to Ireland
Dr. Zakir Naik launches "Peace Mobile Phone" in India.
Treasure hunt brings out the bomb squad.
Illinois Mom Kimberly Garrity Wins 'Bad Mom' Case Over Her Kids
Schoolgirl vows to marry teacher who abducted her
U.S. SEEMINGLY UNAWARE OF IRONY IN ACCUSING SNOWDEN OF SPYIN
BDSM CLUB ACCUSED OF SEXISM IN KOSHER HUMAN TOILET SPAT
Arkansas Man in Coma After Eating 413 Red Lobster Biscuits.
Area Man in Coma After Eating 413 Red Lobster Biscuits
Hypothetically, Hillary Clinton Is For Sure Running for President
Is this dog really that ugly?
Welcome, baseball fan. Go directly to jail.
Rabbi: Young boys may have consented to sex Read more: http://www.theage.com.au/national/rabbi-young-boys-may-have-consented-to-sex-20130622-2opkf.html#ixzz2X3vtRPkn
Rabbi: Young boys may have consented to sex
Council spent £15000 a year for 15 years mowing the wrong lawns
4,000-year-old Egyptian statue in UK museum moves on its own
Five Reasons Why The Internet Is Keeping You Unemployed
United Airlines flight runs out of toilet paper
Justin Bieber forces private plane to wait eight hours for his pet monkey
Metro threatens Phantom Planter with arrest if he tends his DuPont Circle station flowers
Obama has ordered criminal charges against US government employees who don't report someone they suspect might be a whistleblower.
Teen hit by celebratory gunfire in Florida after NBA Finals
State Dept. Refuses to Comment on Snowden Passport Revocation to...WAIT FOR IT...Protect His Privacy
Square roots? Scientists say plants are good at math
Uzbekistan Bans Meaningless Songs That "Don't Praise The Motherland"
'Weed' Man Arrested For Stabbing 'Beer' Man In Times Square; Alien And Predator Questioned By Police
Plants do sums to get through the night, researchers show
Drug Bust Makes It Harder To Sell Crack, Citizens Of Louisiana Town Say
Aaron Carter gets jumped by New Kids on the Block fans but says he held his ground
Tennessee Official: Complaints About Water Quality May Be Considered Terrorism
Missing elderly Kansan couple found safe in Michigan
KKK Member builds mobile death ray to kill NY Governor
Indian police given moustache pay
IRS sends $46 million to 24K 'unauthorized' aliens at 1 address
"My kids would never do this. ...Who would know kids better than mother? I gave birth to them." - Zubeidat Tsarnaeva [Boston marathon bombing]
Company comes out with new pork-laced ammunition they believe will keep Muslims from going to heaven
A former Pentecostal preacher, in a bid to give nonbelievers a sense of community, held an atheist service Sunday in Louisiana.
'Secularitis' is as dangerous as Encephalitis: Rajnath Singh
Woman kills husband, self while learning to park
Irish have 'become pagan', some Catholic bishops believe
Bingo players arrested in Portugal pub
US film industry tries to weaken copyright treaty for blind people
AARON CARTER I GOT JUMPED Over 'NKOTB' Turf War
'I got my ass jumped last night': Aaron Carter claims he was beaten for being on 'New Kids On The Block turf'
World's next tallest tower the Kingdom to be built by the Binladen Group
Yikes! 76% of Americans Are Living Paycheck-to-Paycheck
Man gets head trapped in traffic cone
George Zimmerman's Lawyer Opens Trial With A Knock-Knock Joke
Rock Hill artist best known as 'Pickles da Clown' plans to run for mayor
Wesley Warren Jr.'s 132-Pound Scrotum Surgically Removed
Plants have a built-in capacity to do mathematics; UK scientists say they were "amazed" to find an example of such a sophisticated arithmetic calculation in biology.
Tim Hortons recruits Jason Priestly to judge doughnut contest
Weed guy stabs beer guy in New York panhandler fight, police say
Bring on the Botox! Cosmetic surgeon offers remedies for NYC's mayoral candidates
Student sues after school uses Facebook bikini pic in seminar
Snake Expert Killed by Snake While Helping People With Fear of Snakes
Four Hour Mobile Gaming Session Ruptures Breast Implants [NSFW]
Zimmerman lawyer opens Trayvon murder trial with 'knock-knock' joke
The Toyota Land Cruiser and its Role in Spreading Terror among African Civilians: Field Observations
'Bingo-for-biscuits' Brits fined in Portugal
FBI requests 'Portlandia' clip for training
Hotel Clerk Attacked by Man Wearing Spiderman Mask: Beaten with Huge Skeleton Key
U.S. Pet Poll: Most Prefer Dogs, 18 Percent Want Dinosaur
Pork-Laced Ammo Designed to Send Muslims to Hell
Head of NSA claims he doesnt know who Wikileaks are
iPhone's Marimba ringtone becomes the catchy backing track for indy pop song
Doctor Performs First Google Glass-Equipped Surgery
Man rips off part of penis after apparently consuming hallucinogenic mushrooms
Ammo firm markets pork-covered bullets 'to kill Islamic terrorists and send them straight to hell'
Math-challenged Americans more likely to end up in foreclosure
CCTV police officer 'chased himself' after being mistaken for burglar
George Zimmerman trial opens with quoted obscenities and a knock-knock joke.
Mississippi, no longer the worst state to be a kid
Dustin Fetz, Police Officer, Makes Zoe Brugger Shake Her Bra In Search For 'Drugs'
Zimmerman Lawyer Opens Trial With Knock-Knock Joke; No One Laughs
Jim Carrey says he can no longer support Kick-Ass 2 because of Sandy Hook
Britons arrested for playing bingo in Portugal
Man In Coma After Eating 413 Red Lobster Biscuits
Long-awaited Olive Garden receives warm welcome; "the largest and most beautiful restaurant now operating in Grand Forks."
Christian school won't let 12-year-old girl play football, citing lustful thoughts and the Bible
Tupac Shakur Rap Musical Eyes 2013-14 Broadway Run
Aaron Carter finds out the hard way that boy band rivalries still exist as Backstreet Boy brother apparently beat up by New Kids on the Block fans
Police: Man Rips Off Penis During Drug-Fueled Craze
John Wayne Bobbitt claims he has slept with 70 women since wife cut off his penis
Transgender first-grader wins the right to use girls' restroom
'Pregnant' Teen Boys in Ads Across Chicago
Company Sells Pork-Laced Bullets To Fight Islamic Terrorists
Police: Man high on mushrooms rips off part of penis
Marcus Fizer Hopes Christian Faith, Physicality Appeals to Warriors
Daughter sends dad invoice for fixing his computer
Boy band turf war: Aaron Carter beaten up by New Kids fans
Three live grenades found at Goodwill
Pink Floyd to Pandora: Shut up, you crazy cubic zirconium
Aaron Carter claims he was attacked by vicious New Kids On The Block gang in story that definitely happened (yes AV Club, no not Onion)
Boston Red Sox bring back 'Nun Day at Fenway Park'
12-Year-Old Girl Kicked Off Football Team Because Boys Had 'Impure Thoughts' About Her
NBA star turns to Twitter to sells his bulldog
Giant penis rescued from fight by oversized vagina
2 Men Charged in Bid to Make Deadly X-Ray Weapon
Commission OK's borrowing for Sandy Hook and housing, for people and bears
NFL player set to avoid jail, spanks his attorney, gets jailed.
Sesame Street Creates a Muppet Whose Dad Is in Jail.
Fur coat made of male chest hair on sale - pictures
Texas teen impaled on horn of bull statue
Supermarket TV ad not racist enough
"NSA: It Would Violate Your Privacy to Say if We Spied on You" via WIRED
Mexican Amusement Park Offers Fake Border Crossing Attraction
Woman kills husband and herself while trying to park her car
Man mutilates own penis under the influence of 'magic' mushrooms
John Wayne Bobbitt Says Penis Severing Improved Love Life
U.S. exec. Chip Starnes held hostage by factory employees in China for 5th day
Anti-Israel "Rabbi" in anti-Semitic attack in Amsterdam
Man devours 413 biscuits and goes into coma at Red Lobster
Caged Raccoon watches as man accidentally shoots himself
Woman killed by runaway supermarket trolley which sped down an escalator at Chinese store
Woman's breast implant explodes after lying on her stomach for four hours playing game on her iPhone
Pork infused bullets sold by Idaho company "to send Muslim terrorists to hell"
Company says pork-infused bullets will send Islamic terrorists to hell
Man allegedly loses new job after offering bacon to Muslim recruiter
Republican Rep. Michael Burgess, a former OB-GYN, argued - in an official committee hearing - that fetuses can masturbate, so they must be able to feel pain as much as they feel pleasure.
Moscow Teens Decapitate Man, Use Head for Football
Aaron Carter "jumped" in an apparent boy band turf war
Car crash leaves Australian woman with a French accent
Man high on mushrooms rips off part of penis
52-year-old mother caught trying to sit exam for daughter
Photoshoot row: Julia Gillard ridiculed for knitting royal baby kangaroo
Bus promising to 'drive message home' drives into Massachusetts house
Plants can 'do maths'
Father, son acquitted in NY of sex trafficking; prostitutes say they enjoyed their lives
Man rips off penis while on mushrooms in Michigan, police say
Man Stabbed During Threesome For Refusing To Change Positions
Moose Sex Project gets big land donation to promote cross-border moose relations
South African Residents Fling Feces in Portable Toilet Protest
Agency Busy Spying on 300,000,000 People Failed to Notice One Dude Working for It
The 'Christian' movement that tells husbands to SPANK their wives 'to correct misbehavior'
Courts fine 28 British and Irish bingo players for game in Albufeira pub
Police: No evidence of shots fired at Detroit fireworks show.
Woman Cited For Shopping Cart Rage Because There Are Plenty Of Carts To Go Around
Woman gets real parking ticket while tricked into paying fake parking ticket
State: Kids who drowned in lakes, pools weren't watched by adults
Woman dressed as a vagina saves pal dressed as a penis caught in street fight.
Universal Music Demands Recount After Country Album Betters Kanye's 'Yeezus' Atop Australian Charts
Man Rips off Genitals During A Magic Mushroom High; Police Found Him Near Death
Over 100 Babies Were Named 'Khaleesi' In 2012 x-post from r/gameofthrones
Leaked Alibaba Memo Stresses Secrecy
Coat made of human chest hair is the worst thing of the day
Ohio Man Rips Off Part Of His Penis After Taking Hallucinogenic Mushrooms.
Texas GOP Rep On Abortion: Women Get 'Cleaned Out' With 'Rape Kits'
Woman's breast implants explode after four-hour gaming session
Leg humping no problem, says watchdog
BitTorrent Says It's 'Literally Impossible' to Illegally Download on Its Platform
Edward Snowden Considers Turning Himself In After Hearing that Sarah Palin Defended Him
Mad scientists turn roaches into cyborgs controlled throgh Kinect
Saudi Arabia switches to Friday-Saturday weekend
Viewers feared contestants actually died on ABC's 'Whodunnit'
Black bear scales 10-foot fence to break into zoo.
Georgia required woman to get vaginal exam to correct birth certificate error
Singer Chris Brown charged with hit-and-run
(Yahoo News) Woman Drinks Only Soda for 16 Years, Suffers Heart Problems
Researchers use video game tech to steer roaches on autopilot Researchers Use Video Game Tech to
Man hacks off own penis, blames George Bush
Boston turns to porn after Game 6 loss in Stanley Cup Final
Memorial to be held for dead bees
Cornell's boasting, luminous, Twitter oopsie | Technically Incorrect
Funny Money in Kentucky
Glendale May Sell City Hall To Pay For The Coyotes
Ukrainian Kills Neighbor for Pouring Borsch in Toilet
Woman Drinks Only Soda for 16 Years, Suffers Heart Problems
How not to get hit by a train
Gay Man Killed Wife for Insurance Money, Prosecutors Say
Road trip! UCLA student goes to Libya to fight with the rebels for a 'sick' summer break
Police: Man fired off firecrackers as bomb squad worked nearby
LETTER: Help for homosexuals
Woman Forced Off Flight, Charged for Not Turning Off Cellphone
Texas teen charged with making terroristic threat after online joke
Two girls and mother killed over family video showing them enjoying rain
Vladimir Putin on handing over Snowden: "I myself would prefer not to deal with these issues. It's like shearing a piglet: there's a lot of squealing, but there's little wool."
Woman throws alleged mistress off cliff
US Firm Targets Terrorists With Pork-Laced Ammo
Calgary Zoo Hippo Nearly Escaped During Flood, Staff Risked Life To Stop It
Tyre-slashing man caught on camera having sex with bicycle
Woman Drinks Coke Instead Of Water For 16 Years
[UK News] Banning burkas, introducing 'Thatcher Day', privatising the BBC and, yes, even reintroducing the death penalty, the Tory right-wing rebels' 'Alternative Queen's Speech' was as laughable as it was chilling
Bull Statue Fatally Gores Texas Teen
Reporters who chased Snowden to Havana now enjoying unexpected tropical vacations
Longhorn statue kills teen in game of hide-and-seek at Texas Tech
Mexican Amusement Park Introduces Border-Crossing Attraction
Indian journalist perches on flood survivor's shoulders
Salina man, irate about overgrown lawn being mowed, attacks deputy, officials say
Down in front, LG Electronics! Palisades HQ could mar NYC's views, critics say
Bus co. owner threatens redditor yet again, records users' IP addresses
Guy tries to stop two dogs from boning (pun intended), nearly gets arm torn off. He should have heeded Cousin Eddie's advice and just let 'em finish.
Sweden to ban men from urinating while standing
Sparta man crashes into utility pole, calls friend who then hits same pole
Christian Group publishes manual on how to hit women "to create a healthy home and to protect all family members"
Salem TV thief nailed after he forgets remote
150 Different Words For 'Fart'
Cap'n Crunch Would Like to Address Haters
Netherlands Closing Prisons Due to Lack of Prisoners
A New Language by the Guy from Game of Thrones (and Kanye West): "Swaghili"
Man slams SUV into truck after other driver snatches his lunchbox
Kanye West Still Creative Director of 'The Jetsons' Movie, Says Kanye West
Pork-Laced Bullets Aimed At Stopping Would-Be Islamic Terrorists
Police: Man hacks off own penis, blames George Bush
North Korea manufactures tablet device that cannot access the Internet
Clinton Hails Supreme Court Overturning Law He Signed
2 Men Rob Erie Man of Condom at Knifepoint
Lady Who Drank Nothing But Soda for 16 Years Not Doing So Well
The Inexplicable War on Lemonade Stands
Oregon death row inmate cannot reject reprieve, court rules
Boulder's Tube to Work Day hits all-time high with 19 commuters
Devin Devoe arrested after meth lab found in room with 8 kids at Masters Inn
Are Dogs Now Just Furry Kids?
Bad trip: Man removes chunk of his penis at middle school after eating shrooms
You Don't Have the Right to Remain Silent
In 2009 Edward Snowden Said People Who Leak To Journalists 'Should Be Shot In The Balls'
New party wants to take the Island out of Canada; Effort would turn Vancouver Island into a sovereign state
Larry Durant, Minister, Allegedly Told Girls Sex Acts With Him Would Prevent Pregnancy
Judge: Man mentally unfit for peacock molestation trial
Actually, even the Flat Earth Society believes in climate change
Chris Bosh loses a battle with a piece of confetti
Experts Warn Eyeball Licking Trend Can Injure the Eye, Damage Sight
Squirrel takes on snake in backyard rumble
25 Bike Cops Catch Pair Having Sex in a Park
How to beat up women tutorial
Texas AG Tells Janine Turner that SCOTUS Voting Rights Act Decision Is a 'Huge Win for Equality'
Bruins fans drown their Stanley Cup sorrows in porn
Gays are the next Jews of fundraising
Company Makes Pork-Laced Ammo Designed to Send Muslims to Hell
Bloomberg to urge Cuomo to veto bill to allow sparkler sales outside of NYC over terror target fears
Syrian Government Advises Turkey is Too Dangerous Right Now
Citizen Hearing on Disclosure Committee Seeks UN World Conference on Possible Extraterrestrial Presence
Ammo manufacturer produces pork-laced bullets to fight terrorism
Scalia Arrested Trying to Burn Down Supreme Court
Rick Santorum movies: Republican says EcoLight Studios gig will transform Dallas into Christian Hollywood.
The Body of Christ Can Not and Will Not be Gluten-Free.
The body of Christ is not and cannot be gluten-free
Children dancing in lunch break hit with prosecution threat
$675,000 fine for downloading 30 songs illegally is upheld.
Ukrainian man kills neighbor for pouring his homemade borsch down the toilet.
Two Hours After The Supreme Court Gutted The Voting Rights Act, Texas AG Suppresses Minority Voters
Before his death, father of ADHD admitted it was a fictitious disease
64-Year-Old's Attempt To Steal A Car Foiled When He Takes Too Long To Load His Walker
Appeals Court Okays $675,000 Fine For Guy Who Illegally Downloaded 30 Songs
Family members hopeful man who ripped off part of his penis will make full recovery
Fox News "forgets" to report on historic Supreme Court DOMA decision
Women in Iowa must now seek personal approval from the republican governor to have abortions (for any reason) covered by Medicare
US agent was allegedly bribed with cash, egg rolls
The CIA's Campaign To Squash Leaks Has Already Been Leaked To The Media
Hotel worker who had sex with a sofa gets suspended sentence and porn ban
Cat daubed with paint in Chch Islamic Centre break-in
CIA cracks down on its own to stop leaks...message leaked
Zachary Tentoni, Alleged Mugger, Leaves Birth Certificate At Crime Scene In Massachusetts
Dorchester Robber Leaves Birth Certificate at the Scene
Reporter mistakenly calls murder suspect Hernandez 'Aaron Rodgers'
77-Year-Old Golf Legend Gary Player Will Pose Nude For ESPN The Magazine's 'Body Issue'
Microsoft: we're third place with Windows Phone, not afraid of BlackBerry
Contractor loses out on his 'dream' £1,000-a-week IT role after unwittingly saying he would treat his Muslim recruiter to a bacon sandwich
Meet Neil, better known as Slurpy, the Rob Ford lookalike at centre of scrapped plot to film fake crack video
US immigration officer was allegedly bribed with cash and egg rolls
4 Ways To Stop Being Poor, According To The World's Richest Woman
Alleged thief nabbed after leaving behind birth certificate, note from mother
Japanese pensioner sues TV Station for using too many English words
Boston Bruins Fans Turn To Porn After Chicago Blackhawks Claim The Stanley Cup
Maritime moose sex corridor gets land donation
A million counterfeit condoms seized
Elderly Japanese man sues public TV network for overusing English
The CIA's Plan To Put an End To Their Leaking Problem
Shoulder-riding Indian floods reporter blames cameraman 'sabotage' after being fired over controversial YouTube clip
Pickpocket slashes his own throat to escape arrest
Parenting Skills To Give You An Edge
New Jersey man falls into coma, wakes up in Poland.
Santa Ana Immigration Officer Indicted For Allegedly Taking Bribes In Cash And Egg Rolls
Councillor's dress code and 20-song rule for buskers
Rand Paul invokes bestiality while discussing gay marriage, walks it back
Paypal and SETI are working on space currency
Philippine Government Bares Plan to Regulate Satire
The Price of a High: Ohio Man Eats Shrooms, Tears Off Penis
Japanese man sues news station for mental distress caused by excess use of foreign words
Teen girl collapses after trying vodka tampon
California man faces 13 years in jail for scribbling anti-bank messages in chalk
CIA's Plan to Cut Down on Leaks Was Just Leaked
Escalator Pile Up Sends Four Kids; One Adult to the Hospital
Keep Monsanto Activity Book Out of Elementary Schools
Americans Enjoy Pretending to Understand the News
Vigilante mob kills boy for taking the law into his own hands
Robber caught after leaving birth certificate, note from mom at scene
Red threat: Kim Jong Un makes the Koreas' best beer
George Zimmerman Witness Can't Read Letter She 'Wrote' About Shooting
Media leaks CIA's secret plan to stop leaking stuff to the media
Tired of rats? Mexicans frustrated with corrupt politicians nominate a CAT to run for city mayor... and he is in the lead
Texas legislature fails on abortion, passes masturbation bill
Bloomberg: If sparklers are legal, the terrorists will win.
CIA Wants Its Officers to Stop Leaking Secrets to Reporters, Says Memo Leaked to Reporter
Six Words: 'Black Babies Cost Less To Adopt'
Bloomberg: Legalize Sparklers And The Terrorists Win
Will.I.Am sues Pharrell Williams for using the words 'I am' because Will.I.Am is an epic, colossal douchebag
Radford University misspells 'Virginia' in diplomas
Bloomberg: If sparklers are legal, the terrorists will win (x-post r/nyc)
Miley Cyrus Says She Smokes As Much Weed As Snoop Dogg
'Afghanistan's Got Talent': Simon Cowell Launching New Series
Wendy Davis's Filibustering Mizuno Sneakers Getting Great Reviews on Amazon
Mumford & Sons 'really want to rap' on next album, turn to Jay-Z for advice
Company Founded By Nazi Won't Have Anything To Do With Aaron Hernandez
CIA's plan to crack down is leaks is leaked (x-post from WorldNews)
Brownish, smelly material falls from sky into second Mississauga family's life: "It's definitely poop"
Men can be 'wives' and women 'husbands' as Government overrules the dictionary
Man cuts off penis, blames Former President Bush.
Man Plays AC/DC on Flaming Bagpipes
"The Price Is Right" To Air An All-Plinko Episode
Birdwatchers flock to see rare bird, see it killed by wind turbine
Missing plane carrying Missoni heir is found six months after vanishing off coast of Venezuela
Pennsylvania couple having sex in public park busted by 25 bike cops
Joseph Sincavage, Connecticut Man: My Nazi Flag Is Anti-Obama, Not Anti-Jew, I'll Fly Israeli Flag Too
Nazi flag is anti-Obama, not anti-Jew, says homeowner
Gilbert Arenas arrested with truck full of illegal fireworks in Los Angeles
Eminem Terrified As Daughter Begins Dating Man Raised On His Music
Man Who Finally Finished Making Sense of Metal Gear Canon Kills Himself Before MGSV Releases
Simon Cowell 'launching Afghanistan's Got Talent this autumn'
Cocaine addiction may be cured by Ritalin
TD Bank fires official Toronto Pride drag queen, Daytona Bitch, over blackface
Flaming Mouse Burns Down Man's House
Martha Stewart Admits To Sexting, Having A Threesome
Female Ohio Democrat Introduces Bill To Regulate The Reproductive Health Of Men Author: Stephen D. Foster Jr. March 11, 2012 12:10 Ohio Democrat Introduces Bill to Regulate the Reproductive Health of Men
'God, Guns, & Automobiles' Premieres on History, Monday, July 8 at 10pm
11-year-old girl kicked off football team for making boys horny
'Bitchy resting face' is real (kind of). But there's hope.
Russia's Mysterious Stealth Fighter found on Bing Maps (X-Post from /r/aviation)
Tony Abbott [Australian Party Leader] Malcolm Turnbull [Communications Minister] Invented The Internet In Australia
Police: Women lure Wash. robbery victim by grabbing his crotch
EA Changing Origin to Focus on Gamers
Wladyslaw Haniszewski falls into coma in US hospital and wakes in Poland
Do you suffer from bitchy resting face?
The SCOTUSblog twitter account is trolling the people who are angrily tweeting at it because they think it's the account for the Supreme Court of the United States
"LAN party tax" hits Swedish gamers
Rape victim ordered to pay child support to his rapist
Tupac Musical: 'Holler If Ya Hear Me' Set To Hit Broadway Stage Next Season
Victim ordered to pay child support to aggressor
Tupac Shakur-inspired musical 'Holler If Ya Hear Me' in the works, aspiring for Broadway 2013-14 season
Man sells property for €3m - and buys it back for €215,000
Ultra-Detailed Look At Uranus Reveals Mysterious Weather Patterns
Woman sues granddaughter after allegedly being swindled out of multimillion-dollar homes
Appeals court approves $675,000 fine for student who illegally downloaded 30 songs
[CNN] Skydiving Cats Cause Uproar
Witness responds to suggestion that Trayvon lied before getting shot: 'That's real retarded, sir'
China asks if 'happy ending' services are illegal
Teacher, arrested after meeting to improve relations with Pittsburgh police
It was impossible to win Tour without taking drugs, claims Lance Armstrong
Way to make an entrance
Synopsis On Men's Boxers
Seattle fireworks too scary for baby bald eagles
Fourth of July fireworks moved so bald eagle babies won't get scared
Female Ohio Democrat Introduces Bill To Regulate The Reproductive Health Of Men
James Franco Drops Out Of His Own Movie
Will.I.Am to sue Pharrell Williams for using the words 'I Am'[x-post from r/rage]
BERT AND ERNIE COME OUT IN THE NEW YORKER
Poor English saved Japan's bankers during global financial crisis
'Happy endings' not illegal in Guangdong
UW study: Seeds do better when pooped by birds
Fake illegal border crossing is real Mexican theme park attraction
Father Benedict Groeschel, American Friar, Claims Teens Seduce Priests In Some Sex Abuse Cases
Bottled-water purchase leads to night in jail for UVa student
Jail holds father-daughter dance for inmates
Teen Jailed In Texas After Making Sarcastic Threat In Facebook Comment
Paedophile Priest 'Exposes Satanic Vatican Rent-Boy Sex Ring'
Poor English saved Japan's banks from crisis
Did a plane drop poo onto this family's Canadian home?
Rev. Al Sharpton to release book via Cash Money Records' publishing arm
Coat Woven Entirely Out Of Body Hair
Vatican rent-a-boy prostitution ring revealed by priest (xpost /r/worldnews)
Man tells police 'I can kill you by pulling my finger'
Woman delivers baby while using the toilet: "I had no idea I was even pregnant!"
Human excrement confiscated from a group of people in Cape Town
Cops Shoot Family Dog Just Because: Police officers in a Chicago suburb sat in front of a home for 20 minutes, then without any provocation shot the family dog.
Kim Jong Un wants army to create beach resort (from /r/worldnews)
PA House silences discussion by invoking "God's law"
La Guardia Airport worker drives stair car to pizza joint
Reporter Covers Flood from atop Victim's Shoulders
Man has stroke induced coma in New Jersey and wakes up after getting deported to Poland 30 years later.
Carter: Paula Deen should be forgiven
Brazilian priest convinces his followers that his penis contains holy milk, arrested
Illiterate, rambling defense witness Rachel Jeantel is a victim of brain-damaging mass fluoridation, vaccines and nutrient-depleted foods
Polls: Weiner Has Surprising Support From Women
Memorial Planned For Thousands Of Dead Bees In Wilsonville, Oregon
Runners Show Less Fatigue After 200 Miles Than 100 Miles
Couple died 'after window they had sex against broke'
Woman Gets Life for Cutting Off Husband's Penis
Texas teen makes violent joke during video game, is jailed for months
Saudi Women Conference with no 'women in sight'.
Mitt Romney Just Bought a Sweet Van
NYC MAYOR: POLICE STOP MINORITIES 'TOO LITTLE'
Woman accidentally sells denim jacket containing $18,000 in cash and jewels for $20 at garage sale (x-post from /misc)
Bloomberg: 'We disproportionately stop whites too much and minorities too little' in stop-frisk checks
New Jersey woman gives birth on front lawn, didn't know she was pregnant
Fake Shops Hide Northern Ireland's Struggling Economy Ahead Of G8 Summit
More Than 40% Of All Lucky Charms Cereal Eaten By Adults
Marine Disappointed Sexual Assault Training Didn't Teach Anything New
50,000 dead Oregon bees to be honored in memorial service
N.J. woman gives birth on front lawn, says she didn't know she was pregnant
Paula Deen Blames 'the Jews' For Firing
Eternal flame for JFK goes out after four days
Man accused of killing, cooking pit bull puppy
Jealous boyfriend releases girl's hamster after she admits preferring the pet to him
Cops Shoot Family Dog Just Because
Woman jailed for cutting off husband's penis and throwing it in bin
Convicted sex offender gets sole custody of 6-year-old daughter
Texas passes bill banning male masturbation.
Huntsville Stars Holding Gun Giveaway At Minor League Baseball Game.
Huntsville Stars giving away chance to win guns as part of '2nd Amendment Night' for July 3 game
Sarah Palin Claims Global Warming Will 'Bring Back the Dinosaurs'
Richard Dawkins writes scathing review of Amazon instruction manual
DIY High-Fructose Corn Syrup by Artist Maya Weinstein
Birdwatchers flock to see rare bird, then watch it killed by wind turbine
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un orders army to create nation's first beach resort
A Ship of Love, Passing in the Night. By Day, it's the Ferry Again
He had it cummin
Alabama Minor League baseball team hosting 2nd Amendment Night, raffling off guns
Marijuana Legalization Gains Support From NAACP
Woman accidentally uses super glue on her lips
Pixar Will Scale Back on Sequels, Doing One Every Other Year (x-post from /r/movies)
Swedish joyride: Man caught having sex with bike
Couple having sex against window fall to their deaths after glass breaks: report
Teenager in jail since March for sarcastic Internet comment faces 8 years in prison
Stinky brown mess from the sky still a mystery
Woman Arrested for Buying Sparkling Water
Teen bitten by shark uses karate skills to get away
Saudi Arabia's Feared Islamic Police Raid Wedding After Groom Seen Holding Bride's Hand (x-post from /r/worldnews)
Saudi Arabia's Feared Islamic Police Raid Wedding After Groom Seen Holding Bride's Hand
Saudi Arabian Women's Conference... With Not A Female In Sight
Paula Deen squashes the misconception that she only wanted black men serving at her dinner party: "It was not only black men, it was black women."
Barack Obama's African safari scrapped over sniper costs
CIA's Plan to Crush Leaks Gets Leaked
Not much brain needed to be a rock star, says Jagger
Navy combatant's tragic death appears to have been caused by fall from moving train on which he jumped after forgetting backpack on his way to his base
Reverend Al Sharpton signs to CASH MONEY RECORDS
Girl Fined and Denied Diploma for Wearing a Feather in Her Cap
Obese gang member gets prison time for grabbing and sniffing 10-year-old boy's arm
Couple discover 7,500 machine gun, shotgun and pistol bullets in their back garden while weeding their pond
MLS game tape-delayed. Why? Yu-Gi-Oh!
Reporter Fired for Doing Standup While Riding on Flood Victim
UVA student jailed for possession of bottled water, ice cream
USDA approves horse slaughterhouse to produce meat for human consumption
Blind man fought deaf man over misunderstanding
Goblins threaten villagers with goblin industrial action
Justin Bieber's Monkey Adjusts to New Life in Germany
Men can be 'wives' and women 'husbands' as UK Government overrules the dictionary
Cow's become less sacred as taste for beef in India increases.
Brainstorming New Ways To Test If Cosmos Is One Big Computer Simulation
Bullied kids receive free plastic surgery.
Chinese woman's breast implant explodes after lying on stomach playing iPhone game
Hundreds of displaced passengers because of United Airlines. Chicago Ohare Airport 6/29
NY Mayor: Blacks and latinos not stopped and frisked enough, whites too much.
Everyone at Glastonbury wishing they were dead
Cows becoming less sacred in India with growing beef demand.
Man On Abbey Road Cover Doesn't Like The Beatles
Atheists unveil Florida monument near Ten Commandments
Atheists unveil monument next to Ten Commandments at Florida courthouse
'Julian Assange's ex' on the run with Edward Snowden
Mick Jagger admits his career as Rolling Stone isn't 'intellectually demanding' like teaching
Indian airline recruits female flight attendants to save money on fuel
Survivalist can't handle life, commits suicide
Bigotry not to blame for Oklahoma's shortcomings
No room for girls at a 'women's conference' in Saudi
Saudi Arabian Women's Conference - Not A Woman In Sight
Colorado Forrest Fires caused by women wearing pantsuits and men wearing girl jeans (x-post from /r/ainbow
Fox News calls Mr Rogers an "evil man" for improving kids self-confidence
Fox News says Mr Rogers is an evil man for improving the self confidence of children
Somebody Leaked The CIA's Secret Plan To Stop Leaks
Man caught having sex with couch avoids jail but gets banned from watching porn
College Student Arrested & Thrown in Jail After Buying...Bottled Water
Woman asked to prove she's female to get driver's license
Houston Stripper Has Miscarriage While Twerking On Stage
Grenada makes it a crime to offend people on Facebook, Twitter
white-throated needletail killed by wind turbine during 9th ever recording sighting.
Jennifer Lopez sorry she sang for Turkmenistan's dictator
Cops: Florida Man Seriously Injures Woman with Golf Cart while DUI
Honolulu police pursue stolen dump truck through Waikiki, suspect arrested after jumping in the ocean
Spammers show they give a fig about Instagram, launch fruit-based attack
BBC criticised for describing Mandela as black
Cost of updating Parliament toilets to be £100,000
Man intending to use woman's bones for sexual gratification pleads guilty to manslaughter
I'm black, and I forgive Paula Deen
Man banned from Pub for being too tall
Texas fails on abortion, but passes masturbation bill
'Waist' of money at Guantanamo Bay as detainees get prison's 'infidel' gym replaced
20-year-old University of Virginia student charged with felony when state Alcohol Beverage Control division agents mistake her water purchase for beer.
Man faces 13 years in jail for drawing on the sidewalk with chalk.
North West looks like Kim Kardashian and Kanye West combined
Girl buys water and cops pull guns on her, because they suspected the pack of water to be alcohol.
Microsoft Execs Thought They Owned Donkey Kong After Acquiring Rare
Atheist monument erected outside Florida courthouse
Simpsons in real life? Headline: "Lemon tree theft has neighbors scratching heads"
Man Sues All-You-Can-Eat Sushi Joint Because He Didn't Want To Eat Rice
Humerus reunion: Doc returns Vietnamese vet's arm
Buddhists rioters assault Muslims in Myanmar, 2 houses burnt down
Secret FBI Document Reveals Plot to Assassinate Occupy Wall Street Protesters
Update your wardrobe for the Post-Edward Snowden Era
Socialites sue kindy for almost half a million over $50K finger painting
Jim DeMint: Women (who want an abortion) want to be forced to have ultrasounds
Boy, 6, rides 3 miles atop family van before falling off on Parks Highway
We petition the Obama administration to: Shutdown petitions.whitehouse.gov
Fox News Spends 6 Minutes Describing Why Mr. Rogers Was An 'Evil, Evil Man'
UVA student jailed for sparkling water and ice cream.
Tattooed fruits are the future of produce branding.
China law forces adult children to visit parents
Tired Gay succumbs to Dix
"We waste too much time counting calories!" says low-calorie soft drink company
Pedophile priest claims 'rent boy' scandal operated at Vatican with 'starving' victims picked up at gay bar for sex with clergymen.
Iranian swimmer's time goes unrecorded because her swimsuit was too revealing.
Girl buys water, spends night in jail
Peadophile Priest Claims 'Rent Boy' Scandal Operated At Vatican With 'Starving' Victims Picked Up At Gay Bar For Sex With Clergymen
Tulsa, Oklahoma Trying To Lure 2024 Olympics To 'Real America'
Woman, 62, Jailed On Felony Battery Charge After Kissing Cop On The Nose
Police seize possessions of rough sleepers in crackdown on homelessness
JFK security supervisor fired for sending photos of his genitals to entire staff
Man Arrested for Selling Catfish on Craigslist
Psychic calls Ramtha School of Enlightenment a 'cult,' UFO expert 'nuts'
J. Lo birthday song goes to repressive leader
Xbox boss Don Mattrick reportedly leaving Microsoft for Zynga
Judge orders rapper to get Twitter etiquette lessons
Yoga poses no risk to church-state separation, says judge
China children 'must visit parents'
New China law says children 'must visit parents'
Suspicious Package in Mandeville Turns Out To Be Chess Set
Birdwatchers Gather To See Rare Bird...Which Flies Into A Turbine, Dies
Tulsa, Oklahoma is vying for the 2024 Summer Olympics
Moscow teens decapitate homeless man, then play soccer with his head
Greeting cards for the terminally ill are a great idea
Internet's most hated games executive taking new job at internet's most hated games studio
July 3rd is National Pray for A-Rod Day
BURGLAR: "I Thought You Could Only Be Arrested for Burglary at Night"
Tourist Sues After M&M's Dispenser Falls On Her Head In Times Square Toys R Us
Four giant babies dispatched to Buckingham Palace to give betting odds on the sex and name of Will and Kate's child.
China introduces law requiring children to visit parents
Microsoft's Xbox Head Don Mattrick Leaving to Take Top Role - Possibly CEO - At Zynga
CNN's Don Lemon Hosting 'The N-Word' Special
Bill introduced to regulate men's reproductive health
CNN to Air 'N-Word' Special Hosted by Don Lemon
New study says everyone hates sluts
Man charged with driving high, half naked with daughters pleads not guilty.
India: If you have casual sex, you are legally married
Could nuclear weapons save the elephants?
Today In Russia: Drunk Kids Decapitate Homeless Man And Play Soccer With His Head
Spa worker says she was fired for not receiving Brazilian bikini wax
Dearborn's changing garage rules worry Arabic community - City ordinance aims to limit sleeping, cooking in garages
Paula Deen Uses Prop 8 Ruling to Seek Partial Dismissal of N-Word Case
Paula Deen Offered Six-Figure Pay Day By Porn Company
In sickness and in health? That's too religious for a civil wedding
Woman Throws Gasoline on Man After He Takes Her Bus Seat
Vibrating Train Windows Will Soon Transmit Ads Directly Into Your Skull
The Bible gets a sequel
German University Fails Political Correctness Test
Class Issues: German University Fails Political Correctness Test
Iran swimmer's time goes unrecorded: "Her bathing suit was too revealing"
Monsanto Wins Global Food Honor From Company It Donated $5 Million To
Couple Lets Starbucks' Customers Decide Baby's Name
Language at risk of dying out - the last two speakers aren't talking
Yoga in public schools is exercise, not religion
Police arrest man after fight over seat saving at LDS church
School Field Trip to Slaughterhouse Traumatizes Children
Married UK politician claims he fathered a child with an alien
'End of virginity' if women drive, Saudi cleric warns
Astronomers Identify 514 of the Most Powerful Objects in the Universe, Have No Clue What 65 of Them Are
Repeal the Internet, or face the threat of cyberwar
Tesco sells Psycho-themed colouring book for five-year olds
US government declares hacking an act of war, then hacks allies
The police are not policing themselves
Teacher wears same outfit for 40 years
CNN which is worse
Mongolian neo-Nazis rebrand themselves as environmentalists
College default rates higher than grad rates
Investigation after man found dead at Arnos Vale Cemetery
Beware the Internet and the danger of cyberattacks (Un-invent the internet)
Reports of bank robbery lead to arrest of unarmed man with no plan to rob bank
Taste Receptors Found In Mouse Testicles.
Ousted Groupon CEO releases motivational rock album for middle managers
Dutch Artists Celebrate George Orwell's Birthday By Putting Party Hats On Surveillance Cameras
US army doctor returns arm to Vietnamese soldier fifty years after he took it as a souvenir (x-post r/pics)
Gabrielle Giffords kicks off gun control campaign by shooting at firing range
Scientists discover taste receptors on testicles and anus, stating "findings pose more questions than answers".
Michelle Obama: Being First Lady is like living in a 'really nice prison'
Aaron Rodgers not happy about being mistaken for Aaron Hernandez
Michael Jordan tried to win my virginity in a game of dice, claims ex-MTV star
Dennis Rodman wants a Nobel Peace Prize
Florida Man Claimed "Powers of Invisibility" Helped Him Steal Cigarettes: Police
Parlez-vous polite? Paris manual teaches how to not be rude to tourists
Avril Lavigne and Chad Kroeger wed
Florida woman charged with felony battery for kissing cop's nose
Barney Frank Says It's Time to Legalize Heroin and Cocaine
Russian Driver Hits Cows That Are Having Sex While Crossing Road, Captures Collision on Dash Cam[VIDEO]
Gitmo Detainees to Be Force-Fed at Night Out of Respect for Ramadan
Tim Tebow tried to break up Aaron Hernandez violent bar fight in 2007
Wendy Davis Was a Brunette. Feminism Is a Lie.
Russia's Mysterious First Stealth Fighter Found on Bing Maps
Blind Fear Of Cyberwar Drives Columnist To Call For Elimination Of The Internet
Three men deny Oompa Loompas attack
Therapist angel helps former cop get motorized wheelchair
A new China law introduced this week requires the offspring of parents older than 60 to visit their parents "frequently" and make sure their financial and spiritual needs are met.
The TSA Is Now Instragramming Items They Confiscate
Santa Ana Immigration Officer Took Cash, Egg Rolls as Bribes, Feds Say
Lemon tree theft has neighbors scratching heads
Wrong name showing up for Boise man's Caller ID
Police arrest man after fight over 'seat saving' at church
Peter Pan arrested for stealing a boat on the Charles River.
US mother wins lawsuit over poppy seed bagel
Tim Tebow Once Played Peacemaker in Aaron Hernandez Bar Fight Back in 2007
Woman blames diet pills for her sexually molesting of 4 year old.
Tim Tebow Once Played Peacemaker in Aaron Hernandez Bar Fight Back in 2007 [FIXED]
Elena Kagan Shoots a Deer, Fails to Impress Scalia
Ammunitions Manufacturer Selling Pork Coated Bullets to Fight Muslims
Riot after Chinese teachers try to stop pupils cheating. Students heard chanting, "We want fairness. There is no fairness if you do not let us cheat."
Lavish lifestyles of LA preachers on show in new reality TV show
Tanai Fortman, Ohio woman, blames diet pills in child porn case, report says
Pig in sweatpants found in hot car.
Head Transplants Not Just Science Fiction Anymore, Says Italian Neurosurgeon
N.Y. City Council to cops: Don't describe suspect's gender, race, age
John Paul II on brink of sainthood after second miracle approved, report says
Bank robber suspect got idea from TV
De Facto Ambassador Dennis Rodman says he deserves consideration for Nobel Peace Prize
Extremist Vegan Website Names and Threatens Ex-Vegans
FISA Court Judges Aren't Happy That The Public Is Upset Secret Court Issuing Secret Rulings Allowing NSA To Spy On Them
140 Characters Spell Charges and Jail
TSA Blog Team Welcome, and stay tuned to this account to regularly see prohibited items found at TSA checkpoints.
NC Senate tacks sweeping abortion legislation onto Sharia law bill
Inept thief steals car, immediately crashes it into a pole
Indian legal ruling: Having sex means you're married
Clapper: I gave 'erroneous' answer because I forgot about Patriot Act
Umpire Brian Runge dismissed due to drug violation
White African-American boy not 'black' enough for award
'Breaking Amish' star poses in sexy Maxim shoot
Thief stole man's prosthetic leg as he slept nearby
Oklahoma woman calls 911 after getting stuck in charity donation bin
Guy dressed as Darth Vader runs Death Valley in 129-degree heat - "This is a ludicrously dangerous endeavor"
Secret flower planter threatened with arrest if he doesn't stop planting flowers
US mother wins lawsuit over bagel
Alanis Morissette's Music Causes Man to Assault Boyfriend With Plate
Dennis Rodman Says He Deserves Consideration for Nobel Peace Prize
Maslin Beach Nude Olympics changes name to Pilwarren Maslin Beach Nudo Lympics after AOC complaint
Rush Limbaugh made some fine points about Redskins name change
Competitive parents 'stealing' latest baby names from each other
Shitstorm 'best English gift to German language'
Paula Deen Cites Prop 8 Ruling To Defend Herself Against Racism Lawsuit
Athens man's interest in woman with large buttocks prompts stabbing
Thug wanted for knife attack on woman at party mocks police by posing in wig and glasses on his Facebook page
Ousted Mubarak says Mursi should resign to 'save lives'
Bing Maps capture stealth Russian fighter jet
Mongolian Neo-Nazi's strive to become more environmentally conscious
Black Cobra gang steals selection of small cakes
Mongolian Neo-Nazis rebrand as environmentalists to harass foreign business
Fox News Spends 6 Minutes Describing Why Mr. Rogers Was an 'Evil, Evil Man' (x/post from /r/televison
Man smashes plate over boyfriend's face after he refuses to stop listening to Alanis Morissette
Members of congress in Costa Rica afraid they might just have approved of gay unions.
Members of congress in Costa Rica afraid they might just have approved gay unions. (Spanish link, english in comments)
State Department bureau spent $630,000 on Facebook 'likes'
China sex film mistakenly shown on big screen in Jilin providence
New law could make 'annoying' cop a felony
Idaho patriots tool up to battle Jihad with pork bullets
More Air Passengers Showing up With Guns
Paula Deen pins hopes on Supreme Court - Tal Kopan
Girl Stood Up at Prom, Gets Surprise from Burger Joint
Couple Spend $1 Million To Live In Bed-Stuy Because It Reminds Them Of Gritty LES
Vampire is teaching our kids
Firefighter veteran accused of arson in Lee
Same-sex unions 'accidentally' approved in Costa Rica
Memorial to honor 50,000 bumble bees that died in Oregon parking lot
FBI surveillance reveals terrorist-linked cleric Anwar al-Awlaki had a taste for pizza and call girls
Plano's First Liquor Store Predicts Booze Sales Will Boost City's Global Reputation
Pastors blame photograph of gay politician kissing partner for Colorado wildfires
MTV actually going to play music videos on July 4
Mom eats bagel, county takes child.
Woman accidentally glues lips together
Skype users bombard Zimmerman witness with calls
Boy shares stories from his journey to heaven
Man charged AGAIN with having sex with horse - "The guy is practically harmless, except for the horse"
Alex Ovechkin leads first-team All-Stars ... and second-team
Elizabeth Daly arrested by Alcohol Beverage Control after buying sparkling water
Police Called To Investigate Fight About Flatulence
MTV and VH1 to start airing music videos from 6 am to 6 pm.
Assad's Government: Morsi Should Resign
Ernst and Young accidentally rebrands itself as a gay magazine
Syria says Mursi must realize Egyptians don't want him
Governor of parched Georgia to pray for rain
I want my MTV, again
MTV On July 4th: MTV, VH1 & CMT To Return To Roots For 'Music Independence Day'
Washington state gets rid of sexist language
MTV will start playing music videos from 6am to 6pm
Kerry Katona dropped as the face of payday lenders Cash Lady after filing for bankruptcy a second time
Vets say sticks are dangerous for dogs - use other toys
'Music Independence Day' Blow-Out Coming On July 4th!: MTV, VH1 and CMT will serve up ultimate party playlist with rock, pop, EDM, hip-hop and country tunes.
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria Calls On Morsi To Step Down
US threatened by Russia's Christianity (Read the Article)
US threatened by Russia's Christianity
Fischer to Immigration Opponents: 'Get Busy' and Procreate
19 year old could face 10 years in jail for making threats on Runescape.
Drunk 14-year-old crashes car while fleeing from trooper
425-pound gangster sentenced to 32 months for grabbing, sniffing boy
Why is this not getting any light? Texas passed an anti masturbation law for males near the time the abortion law was filibustered.
Dennis Rodman thinks he should win the Nobel Peace Prize
New Fatwa (Islamic ruling) Permits Rape of Non-Sunni Women in Syria
Islamic cleric decrees it OK for Syrian rebels to rape women
Scrambled thief caught cooking eggs in the nude after taking shower during bizarre break-in
Costa Rican legislature accidentally passes gay marriage legalization
TSA Launches Instagram Account Featuring Photos of Seized Items
Rocket Launcher turned into police during BC gun amnesty
Hilarious Skype Bombing Brings Halt To Witness Testimony In George Zimmerman Trial
So pricey it sure pongs.
Gitmo force-feeding on Ramadan schedule
Man catches freaky 200-year-old fish, promptly kills it
The Internet Will Literally Kill You By 2014, Predicts Security Firm
Happy Independence Day! From the Colorado Department of Corrections
In observance of Ramadan, Guantanamo prison officials say detainees on hunger strike will only be force fed after sundown.
New Fatwa Permits Rape of Non-Sunni Women in Syria
Subway Tests New Fritos-Stuffed Crunchy Chicken Enchilada Melt, Apparently Gives Up on Life
Oklahoma man captures, ties up burglar; heads to work
Hawkmoths zap bats with sonic blasts from their genitals
Chomsky "gets" the internet generation and understands why they do what they do
Australia's Growth Solution- More Australians
Sky to broadcast adverts directly into train passengers heads
Sexy Russian spy Anna Chapman to NSA leaker: Marry me?!
Gabrielle Giffords Shoots Gun During Start of Gun-Control Tour
Ex-Russian spy Anna Chapman tweets marriage proposal to Edward Snowden
Canadian Curler Suspended for Doping
Councillor defends alien 'sex' claims
Military missile turned in during B.C. gun amnesty
Man arrested two times within 3 months for having sex with the same horse.
MTV to celebrate Independence Day by actually playing music videos
DUP bids to ban drink at beer festival
#PRISM : let's have a look at the big picture : Reflets
Syria Calls On Morsi To Step Down
FDA Warns of Burn Risk from Flaming Sunscreen
Syria government calls for Egypt's Morsi to step down
FDA warns of flammable ingredients in sunscreen sprays
Assad calls on Morsi to step down.
Police officers sued for violating the Third Amendment.
'Heat' Marathon Canceled Due to Heat
Satanists Distance Themselves From Pro-Abortion "Hail Satan" Chants
Zynga Mistake Puts Random Stranger In Customer Support Role
Woman glues mouth shut: 'I thought I was going to die'
Hawk moths use sonar jamming genitals in fight against bats
Neighbour Jason Martin bit man's penis in row over loud music in Dover street, court hears
Man Arrested Twice For Having Sex With Same Horse
Sky Deutschland campaign will pipe ads straight into train passengers' skulls
Man pleads guilty to having sex with horse again
Nugent's 2016 slogan: 'I have 9 children from 7 women, and I'm running for president'
"Hopefully this tragedy will finally inspire meaningful legislation [...] to protect the lives and safety of celebrities" -Justin Bieber
Poll reveals which women's shoes men hate most: wedges
Costa Rica Accidentally Legalizes Gay Marriage
Drink ban at beer festival
Costa Rican lawmakers legalize gay marriage by accident, because they did not read the bill thoroughly before approval.
Teen charged, held for months over 'terroristic' Facebook threat
Sex and the City thanked for extinction of pubic lice
Texas teacher wears same outfit in every school photo since 1973
Dead body in river actually alive
Joey Chestnut Just Ate 69 Hot Dogs In 10 Minutes. Should We Fear For His Health
Italy's mafia turns to wind farms to launder money
Human breast milk becomes new luxury item for China's super-rich with firms even offering wet nurse services
China's rich developing taste for human breast milk
Doctor caught beating heart patient
Teenager mauled by lion she was kissing.
Wellington pub Green Man puts stag semen on menu
Costa Rica Accidentally Approves Same-Sex Unions
Well-known Providers Regarding Really Fast Cabbage - Painless Payday Advances
Assad praises Egypt revolt against president
Conservative MP seeks to revive proposal for Turks & Caicos to join Canada
The Case for Miniature Llamas
Japan's new stock market craze- JPop
Sign of embarrassment? Florida spelled wrong on highway exit ramp - twice
Oklahoma Teen Shoots Self In Mouth Trying To Prove Rifle Wasn't Loaded, Authorities Say
Man caught drinking beer in a motorized wheelchair: Lyndhurst Police Blotter
Superman foils shoplifter before getaway
Superman arrests shoplifter: The moment Luke Junior dressed as superhero nicks bacon thief
Luke Junior, 24, dressed as Superman catches shoplifter Read more: http://www.digitaljournal.com/article/353743#ixzz2YB8VFAas
Luke Junior, 24, dressed as Superman catches shoplifter
Exploding rhubarb chutney wrecks retirement flat
Agency gets last LOL over OMG WTF reg plate
Fried chicken takeaway called 'Hitler' opens in Thailand and comes complete with logo of Nazi leader in a bow tie
Jackmeoff Mudd arrested in Florida
Irish Government Minister tells those who want longer, brighter evenings 'to get up earlier'
Fox News host: Not using God to sell beer means 'the terrorists have won'
Disabled People Say They, Too, Want a Sex Life, and Seek Help in Attaining It
Kremlin Has No Idea If Former Spy Anna Chapman's Marriage Proposal To Edward Snowden Is Serious
Jackmeoff Mudd Arrested In Broward County
Teen remains jailed after violent comments posted on Facebook. Parents protest, claim their son's comments were followed by "LOL" and "J/K."
Long Beach Eyes Crackdown On Ice Cream Truck 'Nuisance'
Craze of Nazi chic sweeps Bangkok as teens dress up as cartoon Hitlers
Muslim Brotherhood claims interim Egyptian President is Jewish
Gold Striker Roller Coaster Closed Down After Riders' Screams Exceed Decibel Limit
Roller Coaster Taken Offline After Rider Screams Exceed Decibel Limit
Northern California roller coaster taken offline after rider screams exceed decibel limit
Lamar Alexander ad touts 'Freedom to Fish' Law
Police: 6 of 7 drivers in I-75 crash were under the influence
Michigan Neighbor Calls 911 For Loud Noise That Turns Out To Be Farts
Edward Snowden Shirtless Modeling Photos
Man with 10-stone testicles has one-inch penis after op
US mom thrown out of water park for wearing 'too sexy' bikini
Authorities 'use analytics tool that recognises sarcasm'
Muslim Brotherhood site says Egypt's new president is secretly Jewish(x-post r/worldnews)
Miley Cyrus On Lil' Kim: 'In My Past Life, I Feel Like That Was Me'
Fried chicken takeaway called 'Hitler' opens in Thailand; complete with logo of Nazi leader in a bow tie.
KFC Threatens Legal Action Against 'Hitler' Chicken Restaurant
Backpack filled with sex toys, lubricants creates bomb scare at Aurora, CO Wal-Mart
Police Called Over Boyfriend Passing Gas
Montreal mayoral candidate calls 80% of Americans 'big, obese, imbecilic, ignorant, uncultured dummies'
Wedding Gift Amount Deemed Insufficient By Bad-Mannered Bride
Venice's gondoliers may face breathalysers
Gold Striker roller coaster closed because riders scream too loud
WSJ: "Egyptians would be lucky if their new ruling generals turn out to be in the mold of Chile's Augusto Pinoche"
French outrage after US deems its cheese 'filthy'
Calif. roller coaster screams exceed decibel limit
Man incarcerated after attempting to break INTO Allegheny County Jail
Colin Kaepernick Will Not Apologize For Wearing a Dolphins Hat
After having sex with same horse again, man pleads guilty
Texas Lawmakers Too Busy Targeting Abortion Providers to Deal With Exploding Fertilizer Plants
Taco Bell Customers Get Bag of Cash Instead of Burritos
Soccer Referee Beheaded by Fans for Killing Player
Referee Beheaded After Killing Player
Vatican asks: is the Hulk Catholic?
China Tackles Cheating in University Entrance Exams by Banning Bras
More reports of poisoned meatballs found on SF streets
Hipster toad has weaponised moustache
South American Football - Referee beheaded by fans for killing player
Angry Mother of Twins Throws Flaming Diapers at Late Night Firework Shooters
Man falls asleep with gun, accidentally shoots himself
Humans Could Grow Beaks One Day, Says Biologist
Referee Beaten and Beheaded by Crowd in Brazilian Football Match After Stabbing and Killing a Player
Honey Boo Boo Returning with 'Watch 'n Sniff' Event
Here Comes Honey Boo Boo "Watch 'n' Sniff" Cards: Here's Five Guesses at What You'll Smell - Phoenix - Arts
US State Department Spends 630K to boost Facebook likes
Burglars Hit Stonebridge Elementary in a Failed Attempt to Steal Popsicles
Brazilian football referee beheaded by fans for killing player
Brazilian referee beheaded by spectators after fatally stabbing player
GA woman's dying wish: Dinner with friends at Olive Garden
Judge Finds Cop Not Guilty of Assault after Refusing to Watch Video of Assault
Black Cobra gang steals selection of small cakes - The Local
Sex and the Single Mullah: Islamic scholars are prepared to answer questions and issue fatwas on almost any realm of modern life. Sometimes, it can get a little kinky.
Aircraft in crash has solid safety record
Drunk man breaks into jail
Razer doesn't make PlayStation accessories because it's CEO doesn't use his
Brazilian referee beheaded by spectators after he fatally stabs player
Woman, 63, 'becomes pregnant in the mouth' with baby squid after eating calamari
Woman's Mouth 'Falls Pregnant' With Twelve Squid Organisms
Bestiality brothels are 'spreading through Germany' warns campaigner as abusers turn to sex with animals as 'lifestyle choice'
A chimp-pig hybrid origin for humans?
A Mongolian Neo-Nazi Environmentalist Walks into a Lingerie Store
Police Arrest 50 for Playing With Water
The police officers of Timisoara city will patrol on bicycles (translated from Romanian)
A Mongolian Neo-Nazi Environmentalist Walks into a Lingerie Store in Ulan Bator
Russia creating Radiation gun to turn people into zombies
American Airlines flight attendant accused of hiding rats in her underwear
Thief in China Scolds Women for Having Nothing of Value to Steal
Referee decapitated by crowd after fatal sending-off.
Brazilian School Kids Have Been Learning English By Correcting Celebrities' Grammar On Twitter
School In Brazil Helps Students Learn English By Correcting Celebrities' Grammar On Twitter
School kids correct celebrity grammar mistakes on Twitter
At age 29, a fan of Dragon Ball attempts to transform into a Super Saiyan and dies of a ruptured aneurysm (FR)
Man with 140lb testicles unhappy with removal surgery after op leaves him with 1 inch penis
California considers condoms in prison to cut STD rate
Minor League Team's "Celebration of Life Night": Win A Free Casket And Funeral!
Surfer knocked unconscious by whale at Bondi Beach
Backyard chickens dumped at shelters when hipsters can't cope, critics say
Pakistani Mother, Daughters Gunned Down for Dancing in Rain
Otter dislikes watermelon but can't stop eating it.
Soccer referee decapitated after stabbing player to death in Brazil
Strict Protestant parents secretly vaccinate children against measles
Rescuers may have run over airliner crash victim
Officials probing if rescuers ran over San Francisco plane crash victim.
Surveillance Cameras Decorated With Party Hats to Celebrate George Orwell's Birthday
Essay on "being a lady" part of sentence.
Bone snatcher Michael Mastromarino dies of bone cancer as victims see sad irony
'White History Month' Float Stirs Controversy At July 4th Parade
Restaurant prepares for health inspection by storing food next to dumpsters
Aussie restaurateur Paul Mathis invents new letter of the Alphabet
Martin Dempsey: Edward Snowden Has Hurt U.S. Ties With Other Countries
China's ex-railway minister, sentenced to death for corruption
Masturbating Man Banned From Carlton Lanes Shopping Mall For One-Handed Bike Ride
Surgeons find fir tree 'growing inside patient's lung'
Charles Saatchi divorcing celebrity chef Nigella Lawson because she didn't defend him after assault pictures
UB40 sax player joins "UB42" Tribute act
African Warlord Who Killed 20,000 People Repents; Now Christian Evangelist
Miss Teen America finds freedom, for a day
Taco Bell Employee Who Licked Taco Shells Is Getting Fired
Unemployed man rejects job because of baker's hat
James Cameron criticises excessive 3D in summer blockbusters
Brazilian Soccer Fans Decapitate Ref After He Stabs, Kills Player
Chinese Military Police's Secret Training Involves Video Games
Man wants Browns pallbearers so team 'can let him down one last time'
MILITARY'S TOP GENERAL: Edward Snowden's Leaks Have Undermined US Relationships
Deceased fan asked for Browns pallbearers so they can "let him down one more time"
KFC threatens lawsuit over 'Hitler' chicken restaurant | News
Obituary: Deceased fan asks for Browns pallbearers so they can "let him down one more time"
Miley fans want a new national anthem: 'Party in the USA'
Chicken Diapers? Urban Farming Spawns Accessory Lines
Man chased Gold Coast robber because 'I was sick of it'
Ahmadinejad touts Holocaust denial as great success of his tenure
Video and Photo gallery: Legal threat forces removal of "Freddie Mercury" gorilla from Norwich street
Did you know that women are much less attractive to men when they take the pill because they aren't releasing fertility pheromones?
Obama urged to halt Ramadan force-feeding at Guantánamo | World news
Costa Rica 'accidentally' legalises gay marriage
US Commerce Department destroyed $170,000 worth of TVs, mice, and more to rid out malware
Florida accidentally bans all computers and smart phones in the state.
The TSA's 6 Best Instagrams of Confiscated Weapons
Florida accidentally banned all computers, Smart Phones in the state through Internet Cafe Ban.
Video: Former N.J. woman caught hiring 'hit man' to kill husband | NJ.com
Man Electrocuted Peeing on Subway
Florida Accidentally Banned All Computers and Smart Phones.
Deceased fan asked for Browns pallbearers so they could "let him down one more time"
TSA Reminds Fliers That Muslims Travel
Man arrested by FBI for 'threatening' governor of Puerto Rico on Twitter, could face 5 years in jail
Horticultural Hate: The Mystery of the Forest Swastikas
Florida Might Have Accidentally Outlawed the Internet, Cell Phones
Rock-solid love: Australian woman marries a bridge in France - and even gets the mayor's blessing.
TSA to Travelers: Don't Fear Muslim Practices During Ramadan
Hipsters should think before adopting chickens.
Cincinnati man breaks into high school sporting only Spider-Man undies
Legoland dream dies for man, 63, over rule that says adults must be accompanied by children
Jodi Rose, Australian Artist, Marries 600-Year-Old French Bridge Le Pont du Diable
Deceased fan asked for Browns pallbearers so they can "let him down one more time" (xpost r/nfl)
Bin Laden 'wore a cowboy hat to avoid detection'
100-Year-Old Granny Derails Birthday TV Interview By Asking Reporter: 'How Ya Dick Hanging?'
Video: Former N.J. woman caught hiring 'hit man' to kill husband, husband doesn't want her to go to jail.
Google Interns Are Terrorizing Their Neighbors at a San Jose Apartment Complex
Freddie Mercury Norwich Go Go Goril
Freddie Mercury Norwich Go Go Gorilla in copyright row
California prison doctors sterilized women to cut welfare costs
Cop loses gun and taser after leaving them on the roof of his car before driving off.
Fugitive caught in Baja after tweeting 'Catch me if you can'
Trailer Park Boys buy Trailer Park Boys, plan to revive Trailer Park Boys | TV | Newswire
Man arrested as peeping Tom after being found under outhouse toilet
Jharkhand: Hemant spends day chasing magic number '42'
Female inmates allegedly sterilized in Calif. prisons without state approval
NY Nun Gets Jail for Stealing $128,000 to Feed Gambling Addiction
US agency baffled by modern technology, destroys mice to get rid of viruses [x-post from /r/technology]
US agency baffled by modern technology, destroys mice to get rid of viruses
Giant Colin Firth Terrorizes London
[Update] Cleveland Browns to Honor Fan Who Wanted Players as Pallbearers to 'Let him down one last time'
Ruling party scores own goal in stopping own bill in Turkey
Florida Accidentally Banned All Computers, Smart Phones In The State Through Internet Cafe Ban: Lawsuit
Florida Accidentally Bans All Cellphones and Computers
San Francisco plane crash victim may have been run over by rescue vehicle: fire chief
The naked stupidity of waterfront 'moonstoners'
Huge Statue of Dripping Wet Colin Firth Erected in London Lake
Police say party grew into problem
Mugabe tells gay couples to have a baby or face jail. "I should like to shut them up in some room and see if they get pregnant. If they don't then its jail because they have claimed they can have children."
Vasectomies in front of live audience planned for ideas festival in Adelaide
Tweet referencing Pink's song 'Timebomb' gets teen arrested at concert
Cleveland Browns to honor fan who wanted players as pallbearers to 'let him down' one last time
Secret Court's Redefinition of 'Relevant' Empowered Vast NSA Data-Gathering
Osama bin Laden was stopped for speeding in car while on run in Pakistan, report reveals
New hunt for aliens who "move stars"
Whistleblower Edward Snowden Admits To Being Dubstep Legend Burial
Silvio Berlusconi considers running for office in NYC. Says "New Yorkers are much more forgiving." (x-post r/nyc)
Spitzer to run against madam
Math, Science Popular Until Students Realize They're Hard
'Dead' woman wakes up on operating table as organs about to be removed
Brazil referee beheaded after stabbing player
US agency destroys keyboards, mice to get rid of viruses
Even Miss USA Finds Her Dates Online
Police Hunt Smurf, French Maid, Robin Hood And Pirate After Young Woman Is Attacked
Kansas woman stops sex attack on neighbor with sledgehammer throw
Osama bin Laden lived in plain sight for almost a decade and was once even pulled over for speeding but not apprehended
James Cameron: Hollywood Abuses 3D
Florida Bans Smartphones and Computers: I, for One, Applaud This Decision
Florida may have accidentally banned access to the Internet
Bin Laden Lived in Plain Sight Wearing Cowboy Hat on the Run
Costa Concordia trial adjourned due to nationwide lawyer strike
Judge dismisses 'phantom hands' defence; jails Christian healer for groping victims
Patient Wakes Up as Doctors Get Ready to Remove Organs
Edward Snowden Stars In North Korean Propaganda Video
Meet the Homeless Man Living Under House Arrest, On a Sidewalk
Snake on Toronto storm-stricken train caught on video: 'It's like that movie, Snakes on a Plane'
German student attacks Hell's Angels with puppy
British public wrong about nearly everything, survey shows
Model electrocuted after peeing on G train third rail
Target Reminded Bosses Not All Hispanic Employees Eat Tacos, Wear Sombreros
SEC Pornography Problem: Employees Spent Hours Surfing Porn Sites
Kid kicked in the head by a horse, ambulance breaks down.
Workers Outraged at Target's 'Cultural Tips'
Anti-theft police banner stolen from roadside
Nude swimmer distracts home burglary victim
Target Allegedly Distributed A Memo Noting That Not All Hispanic Employees Wear Sombreros
Mexico replaces US as world's fattest nation
Hipster farmers abandoning urban chickens because they're too much work
Nigerian football teams suspended after play-off matches end in 79-0 and 67-0 scorelines
Chickens in the street
Backyard chickens dumped at shelters when hipsters can't cope
Abercrombie Loathes Black So Much That Employees Can't Wear It To Work
Guantánamo prison to synchronize force-feedings to Ramadan fast
Limbaugh says it's time to turn off Fox News
Two Congressman pitch National Park on the Moon
Satanists on either side of the Atlantic square off on abortion
Rick Perry Won't Seek Re-Election, Plans to Spend More Time with His Campaign Donors
Nick Swisher Enrages Little League Coaches Everywhere With Lack Of Hustle
Air-Conditioning Group Agrees Not to Claim Copyright Ownership of a Public Law
The Archivist: Is OU campus protected by Indian legend?
Someone Hacked The Vogue UK Website To Display Dinosaurs In Hats
Is OU Campus protected from Tornadoes by Indian Legends?
Wal-Mart says it will pull out of D.C. plans should city mandate 'living wage'
Death Valley cracks down on sidewalk egg-frying
Satanists square off on abortion (Yes, really) - CNN Belief Blog
Brazil soccer referee killed during match; his head displayed on stake midfield
Six suspected drunk drivers involved in 7-car pile-up in Georgia
Target Reminded Bosses Not All Hispanic Employees Eat Tacos, Wear Sombreros: Lawsuit
Pat Robertson wants 'vomit' button for Facebook gay pics
New Twinkies To Have Longer Shelf Life
Charges over Batman incident w/ Adam West
Berlusconi's 'Panorama' Magazine Fooled by Satirical 'New Yorker' Column
NASA Rejection Letter to Woman in 1962 Was Blunt: No Girls Allowed
Doctors develop $260 infertility treatment for poor world
12-year-old Ohio State fan Grant Reed nicknamed the cancer tumor in his brain "Michigan"... then he beat it.
Apple Drops 'Appstore' Suit Against Amazon - Digits - WSJ
Ridiculous match-fixing! 146 goals scored in two play-off games in Nigeria; All four teams suspended
Ender's Game author Orson Scott Card issues plea for tolerance of his intolerance of gays
Colorado Senate Approves "Don't Shoot My Dog" Bill
Orson Scott Card Wants Your 'Tolerance' for His Anti-Gay Views
Can Rick Perry win in 2016?
Cresskill considers $1,000 fine for ignoring lightning warnings
Chauffeur pulled over for being unlicensed - and 11 years old
Disasters are bad for business
America no longer world's fattest developed nation, UN report says
Florida may have accidentally banned computers and smartphones
Lawrence O'Donnell outraged to read story that isn't about him
New Jersey Town Cracks Down on Baggy Pants
Georgia Carjacking Suspect Slowed By Baggy Pants
Dems pitch national park on the moon
Chinese newspaper headquarters compared to huge penis
Texas Man Accidentally Shoots Girlfriend While Aiming at Ex-Girlfriend (xpost from r/news)
Charges over Batman incident
Charges over Batman incident (reported by Adam West)
Florida Gov. Rick Scott Might Have Banned All Computers And Smart Phones In His State
Parts installed "upside down" caused Russian rocket to explode last week
Photo Du Jour: Asiana Flight 214 Lands Again
A Fascinating Look At Corrupt 7-Year-Olds And Their Plots To Gain Power
How Cosmo is Becoming Feminist
Ohio State Buckeyes fan, 12, beats cancer named 'Michigan'
Texas Man Accidentally Shoots Girlfriend While Aiming at Ex-Girlfriend
XPOST from /r/todayilearned: TIL that the status of the chameleon in Spain was changed from "endangered" to "near threatened". The experts conducting the original census couldn't see most chameleons as they were so well camuflaged.
In search of wild chameleons ...
House Democrats propose national park on the moon
It's a felony to be gay in Indiana
The U.S.'s Stealth Fighter Is Too Heavy and Slow, So the Pentagon Made Its Performance Tests Easier
The Royal baby and Blue Ivy will be cousins! New Prince or Princess of Cambridge revealed to be 23rd cousin twice-removed with Beyonce and Jay-Z's daughter
Royal baby will be 23rd cousin, twice removed, to Beyoncé and Jay-Z's daughter Blue Ivy Carter
Nigeria suspends football teams over "scandalous" 79-0 and 67-0 scorelines
Did new Florida law make computers illegal?
No payout for bureaucrat depressed after keeping job
Wannabe Widow Hires 'Hitman' To Kill Husband
And the winner of the Fattest Nation award goes to... (Hint: It's not the U.S.)
Naked wife distracts victim while husband burglarizes home
Patient Wakes Up Right Before Doctors Remove Organs
Sarah Palin may run for U.S. Senate next year
Fake murder scene at police chief's retirement party sparks panic
Japanese mobsters print their own motivational magazine
This town's tiny perfect mayor is a 4-year-old who likes ice cream
Man arrested after hiding INSIDE toilet to spy on women using it
Ossett cafe owner 'warns' customers she is black
Justin Bieber Pisses Into Restaurant Mop Bucket and yells 'Fuck Bill Clinton!'
Daft Punk release their own range of 'Get Lucky' condoms
Chilean president praises raped girl, 11, for going through with pregnancy
Cat poop may be "vast and underappreciated" public health threat, scientists warn
Scorned Turkish housewife takes EVERYTHING from marital home including roof and windows
Katie Hopkins Says She 'Wouldn't Employ Fat People' Following Holly Willoughby 'This Morning' Row
Company Markets "Shoot-A-Gun-Control-Lobbyist" Target Featuring Virginia Tech Victim In The Background
Obama claims broccoli is his favorite food
State of Florida bans all Computers and smartphones
Justin Bieber Pees into Restaurant Mop Bucket, Curses Off Bill Clinton For No Apparent Reason
Justin Bieber Urinates Into Mop Bucket While Yelling 'Fuck Bill Clinton'
Bieber urinates in restaurant bucket, brags about it; curses Bill Clinton
In a bid to shut down online gambling, lawmakers in Florida ban the use of all Computers and smartphones statewide
Governor signs law that accidentally bans all computers and smartphones.
Monsanto Exec Gets 'Nobel Peace Prize' of Food
Meet Offbeatr, a Kickstarter-esque Crowdfunding Site for Porn (NSFW)
Federal Workers Directed to Spy on Each Other
Man's Heart Restarts When Ambulance Hits Pothole
MTA Alerts Train Riders That Perfluorocarbon Gas Will Be Released into Subway System
Satanists square off on abortion (Yes, really)
Burglary Victim Finds Thief's Cellphone, Calls His Mom
Vanuatu: A weird - some would say suicidal - tradition in a South Pacific nation
Activist arrested after loading shotgun in Freedom Plaza
Naked woman distracts man as her accomplice robs his house
Target Admits Reminding Managers That Not All Hispanics 'Wear Sombreros'
Costa Rica Accidentally Votes For Gay Marriage, Gets Angry About It
Seeking Revenge, Homeless Man Sets Fire To Wrong Car
BlackBerry lets authorities spy on users to end dispute with Indian government
Grieving Mother Sued By CN Rail Following Fatal Crash
Lego loving senior citizen learns he isn't welcome at Legoland - unless he brings kids
'Smart' drugs don't actually improve students' grades
Man who attacked Gezi Park protestors with machete could be regarded as 'terror victim' and compensated for his protest-related losses.
Ender's Game Author Asks For Tolerance After Boycott Threat
White vegan woman sues over Brooklyn stop-and-frisk
The English are feeling more English and increasingly less British, report claims
Rocket crash in Russia allegedly caused by 'upside down' sensors (x-post /r/space)
Daft Punk release their own brand of 'Get Lucky' condoms
Mexico Obesity Rate Surpasses The United States
GOP bill would defund schools with rules against playing with imaginary guns
Smiling wife filmed telling hit man murder option 'easier than divorcing husband'
Man caught injecting drugs into own genitals at theatre
Worried about accidentally 3D printing a gun? New software will prevent it
SAS sniper Danny Nightingale guilty of possessing gun.
Apple changes font; Developers go wild. "I really didn't think any decisions as significant as the system font would change before release. Now, we know otherwise."
MLS club bribing fans with cash for clean language
'I've got a surprise for you': Husband blindfolds his wife.... and then chops off her fingers to stop her studying for a degree
NBC News (Temporarily) Loses New Hampshire
Justin Bieber caught on video urinating into restaurant mop bucket, yelling 'F--k Bill Clinton!'
Pathy que te Pariu 40 - Picnic e Atividade Paranormal #PQTP
Family Research Council to launch 'Ex-Gay Pride Month'
Justin Bieber caught on tape urinating in restaurant's mop bucket, shouting about Bill Clinton
Mets plan event for Native Americans, offend Native Americans
Obama administration urges federal employees to spy on each other to avoid links
Woman declared 'dead' awakens just before doctors harvest her organs
Sheffield artist uses comics worth £20,000 for artwork
Justin Bieber Pees Into Restaurant Mop Bucket, Curses Off Bill Clinton For No Apparent Reason (VIDEO)
Justin Bieber Pees In Mop Bucket Because 'F*ck Bill Clinton' (Video)
Iran, Syria to Seek Seats on UN Human Rights Council
Justin Bieber takes aim at Bill Clinton
Justin Bieber pees in restaurant kitchen and yells, 'F*ck Bill Clinton!'
Player stabbed, referee dismembered over soccer quarrel in Brazil
John Rocker wishes more ballplayers took steroids
Law Spoils Tobacco's Taste, Australians Say
John Fogerty Was Sued for Ripping Off John Fogerty
Japanese Troops Storm California Beaches as Marine Power Eyed
Gardener 'disappointed' by size of her penis-shaped strawberry
Anyone umm...interested in some morenatsu (furry game) designs for animal crossing?
President Obama Gives George Lucas a Medal
Python Mistaken for Vomiting Thief
Justin Bieber pees in restaurant mop bucket: Video
Man arrested for having sex with pool raft
Andrew Garfield would like to be a gay Spider-Man.
Shop keeper puts up sign to warn customers that she's black
Butler Co. man accused of having sex with pool float -- again
Grandmother, 76, Plays Basketball Instead of Retiring
Amputee uses LEGOs to build prosthetic leg
Target "Not all hispanics wear sombreros"
GOP Bill Would Block Federal Funding To Schools That Ban Imaginary Guns
Baby accidently buys car off eBay
Target Corp: "Not all hispanics wear sombreros"
Woman kicked out of water park for voluptuous figure
Man's home burgled as he watches naked swimmer
Report: Naked woman distracts man as her husband robs his house
Stop Frying Eggs on Roadside, Death Valley Officials Say
Death Valley Rangers Want You To Please Stop Frying Eggs At Their Park: LAist
Obama administration urges federal employees to spy on each other to avoid leaks
Here's How Pope Francis is Accidentally Answering Ford's Prayers
Man Tells Judge: "I'll Shave Off My Handlebar Moustache - To Stop Me Getting Into Fights"
'Clap-Off Bra' Is A Thing That Exists (NSFW VIDEO)
Now that's commitment or alcoholism.
Couple Arrested In Davis Flashing Incident After Juvenile Falls Off Bike
Wall Street Journal: Work Makes People Miserable
Fake iPhone Totally Fools Users...
Michigan police seek van driver who backed into woman and child, then sped off
Fugitive taunts law enforcement on Twitter, leads to her arrest
Toddler Buys Car Off eBay Using Parents' Smartphone
Pope Francis lays down the law on child sex abuse on Vatican grounds
Tokyo cafe employs goats to add 'wow factor'
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed 'asked to design' vacuum cleaner
Bored journalists camping outside hospital where Kate will give birth resort to interviewing each othe
Iowa court: Killing dog with bat not torture
Ohio Man Arrested Again For Having Sex With Inflatable Raft
Victims Feared 'Vaporized' in Runaway Train Inferno
Attorneys for accused theater shooter James Holmes: "He did it"
Justin Bieber apologizes to Bill Clinton
The 'Sink-Urinal' Saves Water, Encourages Men To Wash Hands
Lawmakers want to Create National Park on the Moon
Kremlin turns back to typewriters to avoid security leaks.
9/11 Mastermind Designed Vacuum Cleaner While In CIA Prison
Stockport council chief: Grazing llamas could help us cut £1m from parks budget
Andrew Garfield on Spider-Man's sexuality: 'Why can't he be gay?'
Toxic trash threatens Marines in Afghanistan, government report shows
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed Wanted to Improve Vacuum
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed Wanted to Give the World a Better Vacuum Cleaner
Death Valley National Park to visitors: Stop frying eggs on the ground
Mastermind of 9/11 Kept Sane in Jail by Designing a Vacuum Cleaner
Mitt Romney presidential campaign lives on in Kenya
Death Valley park to visitors: Stop frying eggs on ground
GOP lawmakers decry ceiling fan regulations
North Carolina Motorcycle Abortion Bill Set To Get Full House Vote
Mr. Ding-A-Ling arrested for DWI while driving ice cream truck
Federal Guards to Buy Typewriters to Avoid Eavesdropping
Turtle causes 3-car crash in Galloway Township
Republicans in North Carolina Slip Abortion Measures Into Motorcycle Safety Bill
Pope overhauls Vatican laws, criminalizes child sex abuse
Primary school scraps 'porn' textbooks
Chinese police discover chicken feet for sale 46 years past sell-by date
Naked Swimmer Distracts Homeowner During Robbery
Kilmeade makes toddler cry on live TV by smashing his face with a basketball
Oh the joys of living in Central Georgia. Let's see just how stereotypical we can be.
Lululemon says see-through pants being worn too small
Homeless Italian man serves house arrest on the street
Man realizes that going to jail is the best way to receive benefits.
Bird rescued from tree in Watton-at-Stone
Russia Convicts a Dead Man
Target Regrets Reminding Managers That Not All Hispanics Wear Sombreros, Eat Tacos
Luxembourg PM Juncker to resign over spy scandal
Apple Store in Madrid built atop 15th-century ruins
Swede bloodied in surprise beaver attack
CIA allowed 9/11 mastermind to design vacuum cleaners
Harry Potters series favorite at CIA black site
A hospital in Zimbabwe charged women $5 for each scream during childbirth
Russia Says It Will Arrest Openly Gay Tourists
Police: Man steals pizza, balloons from child's birthday party
Hackers' next target: Your eyeballs
Toddler buys Austin Healey on eBay using dad's smartphone
Do Asians Eat Weird Things?
What do Christians and devil worshippers have in common? Schism among Satanists on abortion issue
Russian guard service reverts to typewriters after NSA leaks
GOP bill would block funding to schools that ban imaginary guns
Texas Weighs Ban on Women
Justin Bieber Apologizes to Bill Clinton For Cursing Him While Peeing in a Bucket
Russian Court Set To Try Dead Accountant Magnitsky For Embezzlement
One in five young adults admit to using smartphone during sex
Officers Find Panting Dog, Sweatpants-Wearing Pig In Hot, Poop-Filled Car
Bieber calls Clinton after using the F-word
Justin Bieber Talks to Bill Clinton, Apologizes for Dissing Ex-President While Peeing in a Bucket
Officials: KY gel causes post office evacuation
Dozens hospitalized in Qatar after overeating during Ramadan
Daft Punk, Durex create 'Get Lucky' condoms
Why Saudi Princesses keep slaves (in Irvine, California)
Café owner warns would-be customers who are 'allergic to black people' not to enter
A Russian court has convicted Sergei L. Magnitsky despite the fact that Magnistsky died four years ago.
14-Month-Old Toddler Buys Car on eBay While Playing With Dad's Phone
Zimmerman prosecutor invokes Martin Luther King's 'I Have a Dream' speech
John St-Onge Barred From Legoland Discovery Center Because He Was Unaccompanied By A Child
'Dead' man wins local election in Mexico
Motorcycle Safety Bill Used To Sneak In North Carolina Abortion Laws
"Some fans say that group sex is better than one-on-one because, like in any collective work, you can take it easy a bit." - Vladimir Putin
Watermelon spill in I-10 tunnel causes major backup
Science Has This Average-Penis-Size Thing Nailed Down
Impatient Salem Library Patron Burns Sage to 'Calm Himself'
Tufts asks applicants: "What does #YOLO mean to you?"
Man arrested for having sex with a rubber pool raft. Again.
After Spending $11,000, Woman Sues Psychic For Not Lifting Curse On Her Love Life
TX Rep. John Smithee, R-Amarillo states he would never force a terrorist to have an abortion.
'Germany needs moral guidance of a monarchy' says great-great-grandson of last German Monarch
Spooked by NSA, Russia reverts to paper documents
Toddler buys 1962 Austin Healey on eBay
Man cycling cross-Canada for charity has bike stolen in Winnipeg
Police arrest goat accused of armed robbery
5 Year-old "Terrorist" suspended for 5 days for a Hello Kitty bubble gun [x-post from /r/rage]
77 Year-old Golfer Gary Player Poses Nude for ESPN.
Kremlin security agency to buy typewriters 'to avoid leaks'
Wii U's Spin the Bottle slowed by 'non-conventional' QA
Ancient Native American Mound to be Destroyed for Walmart-owned Retail Warehouse
Syria on UN Human Rights Council a new Guinness record
Hezbollah fears attacks from al-Qaeda-linked groups
China builds world's largest building (by floor space) complete with fake beach and fake sun.
Police Kindly Ask That You Don't Riot When Zimmerman Trial Ends
Fans Petition for Microsoft to Restore Original Xbox One DRM Policies
Discarded Romney Campaign Swag Now a Huge Hit in African Villages
Gamers now want Xbox One DRM back, petition started
Russia's conviction of dead lawyer draws international scorn
Man certified as dead elected mayor in Mexico
Schools urged to ban home-made packed lunches to force children to eat apparently "healthy" school meals.
Ban packed lunches so children eat healthy school dinners, headteachers urged
Are Dogs Starting to Watch More Television?
Ban children's packed lunches, head teachers urged in healthy food review
Daft Punk Condoms Aren't Official Durex Products
Chinatown building roach-bombed into collapse, source says, injuring nine
Death Valley Officials: Don't Fry Eggs on Our Rocks
New Smokey Bear Gives Hugs, Not Just Warnings
Teacher Wears Same Outfit in Photos for 40 Years
Amanda Seyfried Can't Fall in Love Unless Her Vagina Feels Sparks
100 year old woman wants 100 dicks for her birthday
Nude woman swimmer distracts home burglary victim
181-year-old corpse of Jeremy Bentham attends UCL board meeting
Man 'hurled sperm at woman in supermarket he thought was hot'
New York City police told to quit proactive policing, be wary of lawsuits
'Dead' man Lenin Carballido wins Mexico mayoral vote: BBC News
Former Microsoft Office manager learns how to dance in a year, becomes a YouTube hit
Man Steals Asphalt From City to Fix Public Potholes
Iowa Supreme Court confirms a woman can be fired for being too attractive
FDA proposes arsenic limit in apple juice
Radiohead banned from playlists in fast food chain Chipotle because it "wreaks havoc" with chain's interior design elements.
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, 9/11 mastermind, allowed to build vacuum in CIA prison
Russia Reverts To Typewriters To Fight Leaks
In 2005, Iraqi terrorists held an action figure hostage and tried to claim it was a U.S soldier (xpost from r/TIL)
SEE IT: Pervy NJ Transit bus driver caught masturbating at wheel in Lincoln Tunnel traffic
The History of Urinating in Space
Man like "I'm Totally Stoked!" upon being struck by lightening
TV Reporter Wakes Up Only Guy Camped Out To Buy Titans Ticket
Ramadan Kareem from the Israeli military
Congress wants to create a national park on the moon
TV reporter wakes up only guy camped out to buy Titans season tickets
TV reporter wakes up only Titans fan camped out for tickets
Former High-School Teacher Congressman Irks GOP By Marking Their Memos With A Red Pen
Death Valley Rangers Urge Tourists to Stop Frying Eggs
SEAL Team 6 veteran comes out as transgender
Anti-Obamacare Rep. now wants to sue Obama for not implementing it.
Parrot removed from Montreal Biodome after learning too much English
Man Threw His Semen at Wal-Mart Customer He Thought Was 'Hot'
Northern Colorado wants to secede from Colorado
'Underwear bomber' was working for the CIA
The Science Behind Justin Bieber Urinating in a Mop Bucket
All-male Iowa Supreme Court rules employer can legally fire someone for being too 'attractive'
Fugitive tweets taunt to D.A., then gets caught in Mexico
North Carolina Motorcycle Abortion Bill Passes State House
TV Reporter Wakes Up Only Guy Camped Out to Buy Titans Tickets
Dead man elected as mayor of Mexican village
hackers are now leery about about inviting NSA agents to their conventions [x-post from r/hackbloc]
Man charged after throwing semen on woman he stalked at Walmart in Delaware
Foreskin advocate who let it all hang out in Vancouver Pride Parade won't be allowed to march again in 2013
Lollipop man told to stop 'high-fiving' children.
Ohio man busted for sex with pool float
Man accused of having sex with pool float...again
Miami police riot training 'purely coincidence' leading up to George Zimmerman verdict
Adam Sandler describes cheetah attack
Women charged $5 per scream while giving birth
Iowa Sup. Ct. says firing of woman for being too attractive was legal.
Tampons Confiscated, Guns Still Allowed At Texas Capitol Ahead Of Abortion Vote
Charlie Sheen flies in to Scotland on Loch Ness Monster hunt
Woman Who Hid Gun In Vagina, Meth In Butt, Sentenced To 25 Years
You're Allowed To Carry A Gun Into The Texas Senate Gallery, But Not A Tampon
KTVU Reports Asiana Pilots Named "Sum Ting Wong," "Ho Lee Fuk"
Pranked TV Station Reports "Ho Lee Fuk," "Wi Tu Lo" As SF Crash Pilots
Texas' state legislature, loaded guns are allowed inside but tampons are being confiscated.
Syracuse man's ex-girlfriend too large to have stolen copper pipe from basement, police determine
Cafe owner warns customers she is black
Parrot Removed From Montreal Biodome For Learning Too Much English
Fugitive caught after commenting on his own wanted picture on sheriff's office Facebook page
Tampons Confiscated, Guns Allowed as Texas Senate Debates Abortion
So did you hear about that Asiana flight that crashed?
KTVU Reports Asiana Air Pilots were "Sum Ting Wong" and "Ho Lee Fuk"
Iowa Supreme Court reaffirms ruling that dentist legally fired worker he found too attractive
TV Station Makes Excruciating Error, Reads 4 Wrong Names Of Asiana Crash Pilots Including 'Sum Ting Wong' And 'Ho Lee Fuk'
Lawyer: Apple Should Protect Me From My Porn Addiction
Tampons Confiscated, Guns Allowed At Texas Capitol
Edwin Tobergta accused of having sex with pool raft...again
US government recognizes League of Legends players as pro athletes
'Sharknado' Draws More Tweets Than 'Game of Thrones' Wedding Episode
Iowa court: It's OK to fire employee you find too hot
[BREAKING] Names of the pilots on Asiana flight 214
Chicago Sun-Times Apologizes For 'FRIGHT 214' Headline's Accidental Racism
Ex-Knick Davis says he was 'actually abducted by aliens two weeks ago,' and it turned out pretty good
Frank J. Short Accused Of Throwing Semen At Woman He Thought Was 'Hot'
Oregon Recruit Tyree Robinson Charged For Allegedly Spanking Another Man's Girlfriend
KTVU reports fake racist names of Asiana Airlines 214 pilots
Tampons and Maxi Pads Banned From Texas Senate (But Guns Are Cool)
Man spanks wet monkey in middle of Walmart
Epic KTVU Fail: Anchor Reports Pilot Names Including 'Sum Ting Wong' and 'Wi Tu Lo'
In America's Pastime, Baseball Players Pass A Lot of Time. The Findings: 90% of the game is spent standing around.
Humane Society receiving more chickens than usual in Tucson
Naked Woman Distracts Man While He Is Robbed
Baron Davis says he was abducted by aliens about two weeks ago
Tufts Applicants Asked to Contemplate 'YOLO'
News Station KTVU Punk'd Over Asiana Aircraft Pilot's Names
Woman and son trespass, see a naked man on his own property, inside his own house, call cops and he gets arrested for indecent exposure
Study: Diet soda doesn't help you lose weight
Lawyer: Apple Should Protect Me From My Porn Addiction « Above the Law:
Pacman Jones says, 'School is cool, guns are not'
Man gets Jailed and Fined for Revving his Engine in a "Racist Manner"
Newscaster reads the names of the Asiana crash victims (x-post from /r/videos)
Asiana Pilots names from KTVU News (x-post from /r/videos)
First Known Use Of OMG In Letter To Winston Churchill
Nazi Dad Denied Visitation With Youngest Son, Announces He Will Hide Pregnant Fiancee At Nazi Compound -
Fox News Host Smacks Toddler In The Face With A Basketball, Blames The Child
How Romney Donated T-Shirts To A Kenyan Orphanage And Finally Got Black People To Like Him -
Apple sued because its devices display porn
Smash & grab iPhone thief caught after leaving his Samsung Galaxy behind
Man killed by a 1.5tonne cow after it crashes through his corrugated iron roof as he slept
Cambridgeshire World Peashooting Championships held
Author of Rich Dad, Poor Dad files for bankruptcy
Security at Texas legislature confiscated tampons, let guns go
Miami Police Chief: Those With Heart Problems Shouldn't Break the Law To Avoid Being Tased
Texas Senate reportedly confiscating tampons during abortion hearing - Guns are allowed in the gallery, but objects that can be thrown at senators are not
Texas Woman Recounts 'Humiliation And Horror' Of Capitol Police Seizing Maxi Pads & Diabetic Supplies
Iowa Supreme Court stands by its ruling that a dentist acted legally when he fired an assistant because he found her too attractive and worried he would try to start an affair
Couple weds at Emerson Hospital so dying grandfather can attend
Where being sexy is the new sexy.
Ice-cream vans to be allowed to sound their chimes more regularly and for longer after government consultation
Kremlin returns to typewriters to avoid computer leaks
Texas Officially Loses It, Bans Tampons and Diabetic Supplies from Senate Chamber, Guns OK
Tufts' "YOLO" Essay Question Asks College Applicants to Explain Phrase's Personal Significance
Tufts University Shouts Out Drake with "YOLO" Reference on Admission Application
Tufts University Asks Applicants, "What Does #YOLO Mean to You?" Without Even a Shred of Irony
14 people charged for alleged drug ring release YouTube video
Fraud Suspect Tries To Pay For Court Ordered Fingerprinting With Stolen Credit Card
Ethiopian Airlines Says Dreamliner Fire 'Not Related to Flight Safety'
HD: KTVU erroneously reports Asiana Flight 214 pilot names
Brazilian man dies after cow falls through his roof on top of him
Erdoğan's chief adviser knows what's behind Turkey's protests - telekinesis
Brazilian man killed in bed after cow falls through his roof
Man sues Apple for not protecting him from porn.
This will solve the homeless problem.
NBA's Baron Davis: I was 'abducted by aliens' in desert two weeks ago
NTSB blaming Sum Yung Gui for racist prank
DC Teen Fatally Stabbed at Cookout Over A Piece Of Chicken
A Guy Sues Apple because Its Devices Can Display Porn
Harry Reid On Nuclear Option: I 'Ate Sh*t' On Filibustered Obama Nominations
Cow falls through roof and kills man in Brazil
Nazi-Obsessed Dad Denied Custody Of Baby Hitler: "What's So Horrible About Being A Nazi?"
Hospital charges mothers $5 per scream during birth
Judge denies child custody to white supremacist who turned up at court last month in full Nazi regalia
Startup says it can predict soccer results
Sightless horse guided by seeing-eye horse
Fight Over Missing Steak Leads To Stabbing
4-Year-Old Mayor Running for Reelection
Doctor gives "ghetto booty" diagnosis.
Cops Summoned To Florida Elementary School After Girl Kisses Boy In Phys Ed Class
Police sorry for puppy that upset Muslims. (X-post from WTF)
Robert Zimmerman Jr. to Piers Morgan: "There are people that would want to take the law into their own hands...they will always present a threat to George"
Pregnant cow loose in Fairfax County (xpost /r/nova)
St. Louis Police Officer Accidentally Shot by His Partner
White Supremacy Acquits George Zimmerman
EDL use anti-fascist song to promote their racist demonstration
BBC News - Brazilian man killed in his bed by fallen cow
Alaska rockfish believed to have been 200 years old doesn't look a day over 64
Rush Limbaugh Claims Exercise is A Left Wing Conspiracy
New Zealand doctor refuses to prescribe condoms and says "Teen pregnancy might be a girl's "destiny", and "it's certainly not as bad as same-sex marriage." Says that after four children women have "done their reproductive job".
Men -- the new second class citizens
Florida bans all computers. Wait, WHAT?
Military spending millions to protect gophers, while workers go on furlough
U.S. Government: Pro Gamers Can Now Get Athlete Visas
KTVU Reports Racist Joke As Names Of Asiana 214 Pilots
Walmart Shopper, Frank Short Accused Of Throwing Semen At Woman He Thought Was 'Hot'
Man Using Rifle as Crutch When it Fired, Killed Girl Upstairs
News Says Captain Of Crashed Asiana Flight 214 Is 'Sum Ting Wong'
Insanely Corrupt Hospital In Zimbabwe Charges $5 Every Time A Pregnant Woman Screams In Pain
Man views porn using Safari, files lawsuit against Apple
'Book of Mormon' mocked Christianity and included vulgarities
Man Who Is Apparently Unimpressed By 3D Caught Injecting Heroin Into Scrotum At Movie Theater
Video Games Now Require Warning Label Saying "Disc Not Edible" After Child Eats Disc
In India, authorities fight monkeys with monkeys
Fla. motorcyclist killed in 285 mph crash in Maine - News Local Maine
Woman Claims a 3-D Movie Got Her Pregnant
Man in bed killed by falling cow
Only Way You Can Carry Tampons In TX Legislature Is Safely Inside The Barrel Of A Gun
TV station, NTSB apologize for fake Asiana pilot name
Bride's sister left with a broken nose during mass wedding brawl after being knocked out by her uncle following buffet scramble for a piece of chicken.
America wants to build a theme park on the moon
St. Louis loses American Mustache Institute
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed Designed a Vacuum Cleaner from His CIA Prison
Teen pregnancy might be a girl's "destiny", says catholic doctor, and it's "certainly not as bad as same-sex marriage".
All men watch porn, scientists find
Congress Is Less Popular than North Korea, Cockroaches, Lice, Root Canals, Colonoscopies, Traffic Jams, Used Car Salesmen, Genghis Khan, Communism, BP during the Gulf Oil Spill, Nixon During Watergate or King George During the American Revolution
Brazilian man killed in his bed by falling cow
Judge to decide if airlines owe World Trade Center owners $3.5 billion in damages after 9/11 attack. Claim airlines were negligent in letting terrorists on plane.
U.S. Repeals Propaganda Ban, Spreads Government-Made News To Americans
Minister unimpressed by white powder sniff test
Woman Arrested For Having Sex With Pit Bull (VIDEO)
CIA allowed 9/11 mastermind, waterboarded 183 times, to design vacuum cleaner to stop him 'going nuts'
'Bang! I accelerate': Quebec mayor forced to apologize for saying how much he enjoys killing kittens with his car
Falling cow kills sleeping Brazilian
Man Impersonates Chinese Police To Retrieve Game Account
Rupert Murdoch: I feel hurt by leak of my private comments
134 crocodiles arrested in Moscow
Mayor proposes city motto: '77 Square Miles Surrounded by Reality'
JK Rowling is a Mercury Prize nominated dubstep artist
JK Rowling Has Been Pretending To Be A Married Ex-Military Father
Reports: Cow crashes through roof, kills sleeping Brazilian
mum wielded fork after being refused entry to pub at 7.30am
Israeli man's penis bitten by a snake as he went to the toilet to relieve himself
Man arrested after he gatecrashes eight-year-old's birthday party
Asiana Sues Over 'Racist' Names In TV Report - Captain Sum Ting Wong, Wi Tu Lo, Ho Lee Fuk & Bang Ding Ow
'Dead' candidate elected as mayor of Mexican village
Man sues Apple for allowing him to become addicted to porn
Man claims to be Jesus on Twitter appears on "This Morning".
Ho Lee Fuk, There's Sum Ting Wong With KTVU's Coverage of the Asiana Crash
No Jail for Violent Hot Chip Assault
Way Too Many People Saw 'Grown Ups 2'
Indiana Law Makes It A Felony For Same-Sex Couples To Apply For A Marriage License
Just what Fido always wanted - a 24/7 TV station with programming dedicated to dogs.
Tennessee woman diagnosed with 'ghetto booty' by doctor after complaining of lower back pain.
Guy Sues Apple Because Porn Gave Him Unrealistic Expectations of Sex
TV Programmers Seek the Elusive Dog Market
Bruce Willis is back at it again with 'Die Hardest' (xpost from /r/movies)
'Ghetto booty' diagnosis angers patient
Judge demands tech companies hand activist data over to Chevron
CNN Announces New Reality TV Series Starring George Zimmerman
Woman files complaint after doctor diagnoses back pain as 'ghetto booty'
Korn are growing real, actual corn in their studio
Bruce Willis is back at it again with 'Die Hardest'
Cow crashes through roof, kills sleeping man
Man Named Kim Adds 'Mr.' to Resume, Lands Job
Stranded Dave Matthews hitches ride with fan (x-post from /r/music)
Stranded Dave Matthews hitches ride with fan
Gilligan's SS Minnow to offer 3-hour Vancouver Island tours - Arts & Entertainment
Couple Driving to Dave Matthews Show Spots a Hitchhiking Dave Matthews
Police arrest Bath man, 21, in series of arsons
Fox News host agrees that Black Panthers somehow caused Zimmerman trial
ABC's The View taps Jenny McCarthy to Replace Elisabeth Hasselbeck.
Residents of Pennsylvania town battle stray cat epidemic with 2000+ cats in the 13,000 person town
Nigeria suspends teams involved in "scandalous" 79-0 and 67-0 scorelines
Ex-NFL Monty Grow Arrested for Leaving Baby in Car While at The Strip Club
NY rabbi accused of flashing a badge, attempting to make his own traffic stops
Nike makes Carolina Panthers shirt with wrong state on it
Be afraid: DARPA unveils Terminator-like Atlas robot
Top Thailand university apologizes for mural depicting Hitler as a superhero
Thai University Apologizes For Huge 'Superhero' Hitler Billboard
Joao Maria De Souza, Brazilian Man, Killed By Cow That Fell Through Bedroom Roof
College Kids Are Having Sex and Not Majoring in English
Fox News signs George Zimmerman As Host: "Stand Your Ground" Premieres This Fall
Mid-South Doctor Gives "Ghetto Booty" Diagnosis
Woman diagnosed with 'Ghetto Booty' after complaining about back pain.
Russia orders typewriters to prevent data leaks
(News) Woman Leaves Two Toddlers In Parking Lot To Attend Lil Wayne Concert
Gathering of the Juggalos 2013 Infomercial
Smokers complain Graphic Anti-Smoking Warnings Change Cigarette Taste [x-post from r/psychology]
Italian lawmaker likens black minister to orangutan
League of Legends Now Official Olympic Sport
Watch the infomercial for Gathering of the Juggalos 2013
Michele Bachman Wants To Spank Obama, Grab His Magic Wand
Michele Bachmann Wants To 'Spank The President' And Steal His 'Magic Wand'
NFL player admits liking team from city he's from
Easter Bunny attacked by hot, cross customer
Baby Born Drunk: Emergency Caesarean Performed After Mother's Heavy Drinking Binge
Suspect Comments on Own Wanted Photo, Arrested
Syrian Rebels Side with Trayvon
Tennessee woman outraged by "ghetto booty" diagnosis
Stranded Dave Matthews Hitches Ride With Fan to His Own Show
Vodka eyeballing bad for your eyes: health experts say...
Cops: Woman, 25, Left Her Two Little Kids In Car While She Attended Lil Wayne Concert
Quebec mayor apologizes for saying he kills cats with truck
Microsoft: Consumers No Longer Buy Video Game Consoles to Play Games
Death Valley Officials Ask Tourists Stop Trying To Fry Eggs On The Sidewalk (VIDEO)
Fairbanks man arrested after punching himself in the face
DirectTV launching new channel for dogs only
Bachmann Wants to 'Spank' Obama.
Spitzer gave hooker $500 to pay for cat's medical bills
Homeless man claiming to be a 'Juggalo' and member of Irish Republican Army arrested after allegedly stabbing man
Asiana airlines suing TV station after it gave the "names" of the pilots, including "Wi Tu Lo" and "Ho Lee Fuk"
Backpack with sex toys creates bomb scare at Aurora Wal-Mart
Ghetto booty diagnosis angers patient Terry Ragland
When Having Sex on Public Transit, Remember Not to Release the Video Online
Kanye West designs plain white t-shirt (costs just $120)
Vladimir Putin dives 50m below to examine shipwreck in latest stunt
Zimmerman's life forever changed by shooting
Bang I Accelerate! Quebec mayor forced to apoligize for saying how much he enjoys killing kittens with his car
Restaurant fires workers by text
George Zimmerman Wants African-Americans to Apologize to Him
Michelle Bachman Wants to 'Spank' Obama: "He has a perpetual magic wand, and nobody's given him a spanking yet and taken it out of his hand. That's what Congress needs to do."
You Can Get A Kanye West Plain White 'Hip Hop T Shirt' For Only $120
Kanye West's $120 Designer Plain White T-Shirt Runs Out of Stock
Michelle Bachmann Wants to 'Spank' Obama: "He has a perpetual magic wand, and nobody's given him a spanking yet and taken it out of his hand. That's what Congress needs to do."
More Employers Finding Reasons Not to Hire Candidates on Social Media, Finds CareerBuilder Survey
Bizarre MSNBC Open Letter to Edward Snowden: Turn Yourself In, Obama Will Treat You Well in Prison
Clowntown staff call police after father sings Happy Birthday to 8-year-old daughter
American Government Propaganda is Not Actually Propaganda, Says Government Official
League of Legends deemed a professional sport by the US government
Man For Some Reason No Longer Wants Logo Of Failed Presidential Campaign Permantly Scarred On His Face
Japanese porn star thanks her jerk-off fans for sending in their semen
Florida Fugitive Caught After Commenting on His Own Mugshot on Facebook
NBC News apologizes for wiping New Hampshire off the map
Fecal bacteria on your grocery carts more than in a public restroom, according to study
Russia envious of NSA
Apple to probe death of Chinese woman who used iPhone when it was charging
Scientist drinks billion-year-old water: "It tastes terrible"
Rachel Jeantel Explains The Difference Between 'N*gga' And 'N*gger' To Piers Morgan
Teenager jailed for keeping computer password secret
Chulalongkorn University in Thailand sorry for Adolf Hitler superhero mural
Woman rescued after getting trapped in deckchair
McDonalds Tells Workers To Budget By Getting A Second Job And Turning Off Their Heat
25-year-old woman commits suicide over her cat's death
Stevie Wonder Boycotting Florida Following Zimmerman Verdict
San Jose: Nearly 100 cats perish in South San Jose house fire, human occupant safe
Trayvoning, the latest disturbing social media trend involving teens posing like Trayvon Martin's dead body for laughs
Texas man acquitted in Craigslist escort murder
Man Charged With Novelty Pirate Sword Attack
Rapist dad shocked court set him free.
Universal Launches Crowdfunding Project to Reissue Albums on Vinyl
Driver nearly crushed to death by car wash
Florida accidentally bans computers in Internet cafe law
Woman files complaint after doctor diagnoses her with 'ghetto booty'
Fugitive caught after posting comment under own wanted pic on Sheriff's Office Facebook page
McDonald's Can't Figure Out How Its Workers Survive On Minimum Wage
Pro gamers are officially athletes, according to the U.S. government
Agnieszka Radwanska Dropped as Catholic Spokesperson After Posing Nude for ESPN
Cow falls through roof, crushes man, misses wife by inches
American man wakes up with amnesia speaking Swedish
Mexico Creates Job Opening for a New Drug Kingpin
Florida mom gets 20 years for firing warning shots
Man organizes satirical NSA walk, authorities come to his front door
Terry Ragland Diagnosed With 'Ghetto Booty' By Tennessee Doctor Timothy Sweo
Attractive woman fired because a man can't control himself
Dead baby laid on chapel altar comes back to life
US immigration classifies League of Legends as a sport
Vatican offers 'time off purgatory' to followers of Pope Francis tweets
Fired because a man can't control himself
Terrible short list revealed for Canada's Polaris Music Prize
Chris Sevier, Tennessee Man, Suing Apple For Letting Him Access Porn
PBS station spoofs reality TV, urges viewers to support 'quality' shows
Tufts University Asks Applicants What YOLO Means to Them
Deputies: Suspect commented under own "wanted" photo on Facebook
Ben Affleck tempted to act with Matt Damon in new movie
Tennis Star Agnieszka Radwanska Poses For ESPN Body Issue, Gets Shunned By Her Church
Child-porn suspect worked as counselor, mentor, foster parent. "Either he's Mother Teresa or he has an unhealthy interest in children. Pretty clearly, the latter."
Man fulfills lifelong dream of owning a motorcycle, dies three miles later
Farmers market scene of late-night tomato fight
Football Withdrawal Disorder epidemic
The Time I Saw What a Sharknado Can Do
Evangelist of Offal Wants to Put Entrails Back on American Plates
Reporter wears grape costume to defend boy suspended for banana suit
EFF Files Massive Lawsuit Over NSA Surveillance: Gun Rights, Civil Liberties Groups, Religious Groups Team Up
Snake In Toilet Bites Man's Penis During Bathroom Trip
Snake bites man's 'snake' on the toilet
Woman with Body Integrity Identity Disorder wishes she was disabled
Man Killed By Cow Crashing Through Roof
Teenager catches air during driving lesson - Local News - Plattsburgh, NY
Couple 'stab each other during violent fight over who should win American Idol'
BBC - US issues 'athlete' visas to League of Legends players
Boy Scouts exclude obese members from annual jamboree
Pope Francis to Pardon Your Sins via Twitter
Pope Now Offering Up Forgiveness of Sins Via Twitter
Woman 'ran text-a-getaway' service, court told
More than 40 per cent of Australians do not know how long it takes the Earth to travel around the sun, according to a new survey.
Target memo: Not all Hispanic employees eat tacos or wear sombreros
Scientists power mobile phone with urine
$120 plain white T-shirt designed by Kanye West sells out
Fugitive proclaims innocence on Facebook, promptly gets arrested
Wanted Suspect Arrested After Facebook Rant To Sheriff
And Now There's a TV Channel for Dogs
Limbaugh: I can use the word 'nigga' now because 'it's not racist'
Devoted customers may post (fake) negative reviews ... because they care too much
Spitzer a 'Feminist,' Claims Record Shows 'Devout Dedication to Women's Rights'
Toronto cop disciplined for posing as flood victim
Good news: Homeowners insurance covers a "sharknado"
Mayor Accused of Multiple Instances of Sexual Harassment is Keynote Speaker at Benefit for Sexual Assault Victims
Utah legislator wants to end compulsory education
Man Killed When Cow Crashes Through Roof - 'Being crushed by a cow in your bed is the last way you expect to leave this earth'
Zimmerman Verdict Fallout For Local Man.
Some Think Shoes Make the Horse, But Others Tend to Say Neigh
Grumpy Cat goes from meme to the big screen
4chan Rigs Contest So Creepy Man Can Smell Taylor Swift's Hair
Ivy League professor calls God a 'racist' after Zimmerman verdict
No Reports of Jewish Riots After Grossly Antisemitic Show Begins Airing on Arab TV
Conservative Christian group mailed vibrator to Michele Bachmann: report
Invisible alien probes "could already be" in our solar system
Doctor diagnoses woman with "ghetto booty"
Colorado town considers licensing bounty hunters to shoot down drones. [x-post from /r/cyberpunk]
Colorado town considers licensing bounty hunters to shoot down drones
Peeping Tom Busted Hiding In Septic Tank
Man killed in bed by cow falling through roof
No Credit Check Loans -- Provide Quick Money With No Danger
Sony abandoned plans to measure gamer sweat on PS4 controllers
Follow The Pope On Twitter for Less Time in Purgatory
Australian will be jailed for kissing wife's butt
Wedding Drama: Best Man left bleeding after being hit in head by flying dildo
Artificial Intelligence System Has IQ of a 4-Year-Old
Catholic Church, private schools lobby against California childhood sex abuse bill
Deputy stung by bees during manhunt
Woman calls police after drug deal goes bad: Strongsville Police Blotter
Philadelphia man credits $92 quadrillion fortune to PayPal error
Man Credits $92 Quadrillion Fortune to PayPal Error
PayPal Randomly Credits Man with $92,000,000,000,000,000
Kim Jong Un all smiles in his 'Kingdom of Mushrooms'
Dzhohkar Tsarnaev on cover of Rolling Stone
Kosher lube puts oral sex on the menu for Orthodox Jews
GOP Candidate for Governor of Virginia Releases Fantasy Poll to Prove He's Doing OK
Survey of 3,225 married women "looking to cheat" names Tiger Woods the world's sexiest golfer
One hell of a deal: Pope Francis offers reduced time in Purgatory for Catholics that follow him on Twitter
Nev. mother questions gun sale to mentally ill son
Dry asparagus prompts questions about racial discrimination in University City
San Marcos Cpl. jailed after illegally arresting pedestrian
Woman files complaint after diagnosis of back pain is called "ghetto booty" by doctor
Follow the Pope on Twitter and spend less time in purgatory, says Vatican
Callie Rogers says she's never been happier since losing $3.2m lotto win
PayPal accidentally makes man a QUADRILLIONAIRE after transferring $92,233,720,368,547,800 into his account. 'I just felt like a million bucks' he said
No need to solve income inequality, says China's richest man
Chinese woman stuck in alleyway for 7 hours. No-one helps because they thought she was a ghost.
Apple investigating reports woman killed while answering recharging iPhone 5
Vatican Offers Less Time In Purgatory To The Pope's Twitter Followers
Penn University Prof Says Zimmerman Let Off Because God Is a 'White Racist' n
Urine-powered cell phone may soon be a reality.
Man searching for 'the meaning of life' steals upwards of 800 books from a single store
MSNBC's Michael Eric Dyson: More White Kids Need To Die For America To Understand Racism
How you can save your soul: In 140 characters or less
Indonesian province bans female secretaries to stop extra-marital affairs
Tennessee Woman Suffering From Back Pain Diagnosed With 'Ghetto Booty'
"I Had Sex With My Cat And Everyone Knows," Aggrieved Oklahoma Woman Explained To Arresting Officer
Your Future Is in the Palm of Your (Surgeon's) Hand
Scientists discover way to power cell phones with urine
Virginia Gubernatorial Candidate Campaigns On Effort To Restore Ban On Oral Sex
Alien spaceships abducted our pet dog and stole our car in Cardiff
NASA Finds Message From God On Mars Written On Tablets In A Martian Cave - Religion and Philosophy
Keith Wiens, Retired RCMP, Admits Killing His Wife After Losing Sex Bet On Nintendo Wii Game
Gaddafi stronghold to become amusement park
The Satanic Temple Performs Same-Sex Ceremony At Westboro Baptist Church Leaders Family Gravesite
Student charged with posting counterfeit coupons to 4chan
Trapped woman mistaken for ghost in China wall
Amid Ongoing Allegations Of Sexual Assault, San Diego Mayor Plans To Speak At Sexual Assault Survivors' Event
Little girl miffed after suspected tornado destroys playhouse
Vatican Offers Time Off Purgatory For Following Pope Francis On Twitter
Firefighters, medics free tourist's penis trapped in sex toy
"Proud non-reader" Kanye turns author
Mountie shot dead his wife after she attacked him with a knife because he refused to fulfill the terms of a Wii game bet he lost and have sex with her
PayPal Mistakenly Credits Man's Account with $92 Quadrillion Dollars
Legoland offers all-expenses paid trip to Windsor man rejected over policy requiring adults to be accompanied by kids
Kim Jong-Un Wants to Create the World's Most Powerful Mushroom Kingdom
Man, 22, assaults mother with broomstick, gets chased down by her car
Smart Knife Sniffs Out Cancer Cells
Satanists Turned the Founder of the Westboro Baptist Church's Dead Mom Gay
Anti-gay activists endorse LePage vaseline remark: 'Maine is being sodomized by the left'
Taliban letter urges Malala to return to Pakistan
Tea Party: Impregnated Rape Victims Who Abort Should Be Jailed As Long As Their Rapist
Police Report: 'I Had Sex with my Cat and Everyone Knows'
Follow pope online, get to heaven sooner -- Facebook likes don't count
Vatican Offers "Time off Purgatory" for people following the Pope's Twitter Account
Dead phone battery? Urine for a surprising solution to making electricity
Neil deGrasse Tyson Says Aliens Might Find Humans Too Stupid To Contact
Catholic Church promises time off purgatory to Twitter followers.
Tibetans lose patience after 50 years of peaceful protest
Kenneth Enlow: Man found in septic tank of Oklahoma park toilet pleads not guilty to peeping Tom
Vatican: Get time off in purgatory by following Pope on Twitter
High school in Washington bans huge boobs from prom.
Spilled K-Y Lube Leads To Evacuation Of Alabama Post Office
Chloe Jennings-White reveals she wants surgery so she can be permanently disabled
Memory decline may be earliest sign of dementia
Mel Gibson Confirmed As Expendables 3 Villain
Christian lawmaker says gays should get "homied" and "lesied" instead of married
The State of Wyoming Has 2 Escalators
Peacock on-the-run in Raytown, MO
Waverly PD arrest man after high-speed pursuit, milk attack
Grocery Chain Accused of Racism Over Quality of Asparagus
Woman arrested after stealing 'lock-up' fundraiser 'bail' money
It's like an oven in here: Toronto cop bakes cookies in back of squad car during heat wave
A Pensacola woman was arrested after throwing her baby at a deputy trying to arrest her for shoplifting.
96 year old woman thwarts robbery. "You can have all the Tootsie Rolls you want but I am not opening that cash register"
Follow the Pope's tweets to shorten your stay in Purgatory!
Bomb Squad Called in to Investiate a Suspicious Device, But Finds Scavenger Hunt Prizes Instead
'He gave me a waterboarding' Actor Nicholas Williams cleared of beating girlfriend after blaming anti-smoking drug
Christian Group 'Accidentally' Sends Michele Bachmann A Vibrator
Legal Immigrants Seek Reward for Years of Following the Rules
Pope Offering a One-Time Indulgence for Following Him on Twitter
Federally Sponsored Marijuana Study Backfires: Scientists Conclude DEA Should Reclassify Cannabis
Pope Francis to offer indulgences through Twitter during World Youth Festival
Paypal accidentally adds $92 quadrillion to man's account
Woman sues Japan Yamaguchi-gumi crime boss Shinoda
Village of four inhabitants gets a gigantic mall
Ashley Taylor Wright, Shoplifting Suspect, Allegedly Tosses Baby At Cop Trying To Arrest Her
Rape suspect arrested after walking in on police interview.
New York Police embrace the Dark Side
Paypal makes man multiquadrillionaire
Mermaid Kicked Out Of Pool Due To 'No-Fin' Policy
Taliban to Malala: Stop smearing us
Man Sues Apple for his Porn Addiction
Inaugural Cassette Store Day Announced
Henry Cavill Almost Missed The Call That He'd Play Superman Because He Was Playing 'World Of Warcraft'
Romanian woman burns Picasso, Monet Masterpieces worth $143m in oven
Malala gets letter from a Taliban commander urging her to return home
Journalist Michael Hastings' Body Cremated by Authorities Against Family's Wishes (Video)
Jenni Conti, aka 'Eden Sirene,' Kicked Out Of Pool For Wearing Mermaid Costume
Aaron Osmond, Utah State Senator, Calls For End To Mandatory Education
US man briefly becomes world's richest person after PayPal 'credits' him with $92 quadrillion
Boy raped in broad daylight attack because 'his phone wasn't good enough to steal'
Republican Senator calls for an end to mandatory education
Man dies after pie eating contest.
Conservative Christian group mail vibrator to Michelle Bachman
Cap'n Crunch helps central banker get through the night
PayPal accidentally credits man $92 quadrillion
Utah lawmaker calls for end of compulsory education
Colorado Town Considers License To Kill Drones
Exercise Pill Provides Benefits of Physical Activity Without Exertion
Syracuse [Indiana] police officer finds meth lab in squad car
Family Finds Marijuana, Pipe In Burger King Kids Meal
gunman fires ak-47 at dj who refused his request
'We're sticking with Paula': Deen fans protest with butter wrappers
Pope Criminalizes the Reporting of Sex Crimes
Man Cites Joe Biden After Arrest for Firing Shotgun into Air
Norwegian rape victim jailed in Dubai for having sex outside of marriage
The Artist Formerly Known as Jay-Z Removes Hyphen From His Name
Golfer breaks camera, Denmark is billed
Timmy vs. Jimmy: Fighter with Down Syndrome vs. a fighter with Cerebral Palsy. Only in Florida.
Senator: Abortions would deprive future Special Olympians of life
Internet Drug Dealers Are Really Nice Guys
Football player apologises for for his role in the driving of a tank over two cars bearing the name of rival club.
Google exec hints at ultimate recruitment perk for top engineers: Life extension
Englishman joined Belfast riots 'to fit in with the locals'
Zimmerman verdict shows God is a 'white racist,' Ivy League prof says
Go-carting babies reveal origin of fear of heights
NYPD apparently playing the imperial march to pumped on calls
Nugent: "The Black Problem" Could Be Solved If Blacks Put "Heart And Soul Into Being Honest" And "Law-Abiding"
Marijuana pipe delivered with Kids Meal at Michigan Burger King
"Sharknado" Debunked: Ridiculous Plotpoints Exposed
Gunman Near White House "Was Only Going to Fire a Couple of Shots"
NYPD Officers Accept Dark Side of the Force, Blast Darth Vader's Theme from Squad Cars
75-year-old grandpa arrested in attempted Hidden Hills burglary
DO NOT CLICK ON THIS LINK (If You Are a DHS Employee)
FOX 9 helps outdoor workers hydrate amid heat
Satanists claim they've turned Westboro founder's dead mom gay
Pipe filled with marijuana found in Burger King Kids Meal
Facebook And Google 'Degrade Our Humanity,' Says 4chan Founder
Woman Wears Mermaid Tail, Banned From Community Pool
Zimmerman jurors passed time with manicures, movies and bowling
Jay-Z Wants You To Call Him Jay Z From Now On
Man: Runner defecates next to my house
Detroit Files For Bankruptcy
New Dunkin' Donuts on K Street NW Is Wheelchair Accessible, Just Not Through the Front Door: DCist
Urine-Powered Cellphone Is No Pee-Pee Joke
Singer Ted Nugent says he knows how to 'fix the black problem'
Man dead after choking in pie eating contest at State of Origin function
Bra that doubles as a gas mask and won the Ig Nobel Prize is now on sale
Unicorn Mask-Wearing Porn Star Kicked Out Of PNC Park For Sexy Dancing
Toronto cop bakes cookies in his car during heat wave
Female runner poops in yard
Police Investigating Photo Of Officer With Porn Star, Wearing Unicorn Head
Fla. Woman Banned from Pool for Wearing Mermaid Tail
Scooby Doo, The First Atheist Brainwashing Cartoon Reviewed
If a Sharknado hits, seek shelter: Meteorologist
Detroit File for Bankruptcy
Trayvon Martin mural to be completed with Skittles at vigil
'The Simpsons,' 'Family Guy' Doing Crossover Episode
Burglar bumps into body hanging in the dark
Christian Voice leader: 'Tesco [grocery store's] support for gay rights to blame for super mouse infestation'
Dead pan: Death Valley cracks down on sidewalk egg-frying fad (kept same title for pun-nage)
Alcohol-drinking shirtless gunman arrested near White House 'was only going to fire a couple of shots'
Man Steals Human Ashes, Thinks It's Cocaine
Moody's: Detroit bankruptcy filing credit negative
Report: HOA booted mermaid out of pool citing 'no fin' policy
Pope to offer reduced time in Purgatory for following him on Twitter.
EDL turn on each other as sunshine makes them look Mediterranean
Westboro Baptist Church Misspells "Illiterate" On Flyer Accusing People Of Being Illiterate
Man dies after a pie-eating competition. His last words were ''Jeez, this chilli pie is hot'' Read more: http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/queensland/man-dies-eating-pie-in-pub-state-of-origin-contest-20130718-2q75o.html#ixzz2ZSodrGmg
Jay Z Removes Hyphen From Name
Westboro Baptist Church Spells 'Illiterate' Wrong On Viral Protest Flyer Protesting Illiteracy.
Tampa bay woman banned from community pool because she wears a mermaid tail while swimming.
Video shows female jogger defecating multiple times on man's property for months
Illinois, now requires a "paddle pass" sticker on any non-powered kayak, canoe, paddleboat, or inner tube being used on public waters
Midwife horrifically injured after she was stamped, thrown and SAT on by a herd of cows while walking her dog
Illinois now requires a $6 "paddle pass" sticker on any non-powered kayak, canoe, paddleboat, or inner tube being used on public waters
Court suggests Saskatchewan RCMP take 'fresh look' at forcible bra removal
Indian Youth Commits Suicide because a Crow Sat on His Head
NASA asks Earthlings to wave at Saturn on Friday afternoon
Nazi-themed cafe draws fire in Indonesia
First tests of '130mph' lawnmower
Brazilian man (supposedly) gets a dog face transplant
Texas town changing nudity laws to make body paint unacceptable after waitresses served customers topless
Brazilian man gets a dog face from plastic surgery
Jay-Z is now Jay Z
Man dies in Australian pie eating contest
Westboro Baptist Church thinks you can't read, spells it 'illerate'
Jackson preacher confidently declares "rapture is happening" this week.
Got 24 sixes - butcher the Norwegian school
Gay murderers marry in French prison with terrorist Carlos the Jackal as a witness
Driver at DMV Crashes Car into Fence
Techie commits suicide because a crow sat on his head!
Dubai offers gold in return for weight loss
China deploys elite gaggle of geese police
Craigslist mom says take Harvard son's virginity for new car
Man Cites Joe Biden's Shotgun Advice After Using It and Being Arrested
'Pink Mass' Has Made Westboro Baptist Church Founder's Mom Gay In Afterlife, Satanists Claim
Worth their weight? Dubai offers dieters gold for shedding pounds
Rat Becomes Newest Housemate for Durbin, Schumer
After 69 years, Earth's slowest-moving drop has been captured on video.
Beer drinking king dies in competition tragedy
PASSPORT North Koreans Are Pretty Good Gunrunners KILLER APPS China's Flying Weapon of Mass Persuasion THE CABLE Iraq: Want Help on Syria? Give Us Bigger Guns. NSA is Locking Server Room Doors to Prevent Another Snowden Affair
Attack on boy operating lemonade stand investigated as possible hate crime
Man's porn addiction is Apple's fault, law suit claims
Jersey Joe's Pizzeria Owner Denies Masturbating In Kitchen After Security Picture Leaks
In zombies, Israelis and Arabs find common enemy
Man Upset After Female Jogger Poops On His Lawn
Naked man found in street minus penis
Woman sues head of Japan's largest Yakuza [Japanese mafia] group
After criticism for singing U.S. national anthem, Mark Anthony reminds people he's American
Runner caught pooping in neighbors yard, admits he has been doing it for 20 years.
New Honda lawnmower reaches a top speed of 130 mph.
Displaced by development, historic coffeehouse will struggle to recreate "the old shitty vibe"
Small Town in Colorado Considers Drone Hunting Permits
Coroner: Asiana passenger killed by rescue vehicle, was alive at time
Police stop man's Capitol Hill office chair joy ride
Mom seeks experienced girl to take Harvard-bound son's virginity
Runner poops by same house repeatedly
Fox News Draws A Hitler Mustache On The Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Rolling Stone Cover
HBO Wants Google to Censor.... HBO.com
'Two and a Half Men' swaps Angus T. Jones with lesbian character
Female jogger caught on camera repeatedly defecating next to man's house
Town of Deer Trail considering hunting licenses for unmanned aerial vehicles, bounties for drones
Man sentenced for trying to rob Regina pizza joint with shovel
NJ man specialist in barbecue, N. Korean diplomacy
Obama: Trayvon Martin 'could have been me'
Iran's Mullahs Demand Justice for Trayvon
'Sharknado' dismissed as 'fantasy' by real-life shark experts... who will be ill-prepared for shark-filled tornadoes
Jay-Z now spelling his name without a hyphen
Baseball fans get way too patriotic when puerto rican decent New York-born singer Marc Anthony recites "God Bless America" in allstars game
Plane crash victims killed by fire truck
Plane crash victim killed by fire truck, not plane crash
Scheming mom seeks paid girlfriend for Harvard-bound virgin son on Craigslist
NYC Mayor outlaws food donations to homeless shelters because the city can't assess their salt, fat and fiber content
FAA warns public against shooting guns at drones
Bar owner sues mafia crime boss for refund of protection money
City council member proposes to wall off Detroit.
Woman who had sex with cat tried to stab neighbour, claiming he told everyone
New Mexico runner caught on camera repeatedly pooping in man's yard
Pa. Officer Wearing Unicorn Mask in Trouble for Pic With Porn Star
We need equality too, say daughters of aristocrats
Tiny Rat Cocktail Parties Shed Light On Why Smokers Drink
Virginia GOP Gubernatorial Candidate Wants To Outlaw Oral Sex, Even For Married Couples.
Pot Pipe Found in Kid's Burger King Happy Meal
Family find marijuana pipe in Burger King kids meal
If you make $34K a year then you qualify as the 1%, congratulations!
Crosswalk Cone Flattened - Top News
Huffpost hits a new low: "Naked Man Hates The Color Red"
Do You Make $34,000 Per Year? Congratulations, the Koch Brothers Say You're Part of The 1%
After seven years of tinkering, farmer perfects 'panda cow'
It's Officially Too Hot Outside for Everything
The Time Obama Was Mistaken for a Waiter at a Tina Brown Book Party
NJ man specialist in BBQ, North Korean diplomacy. x.post /northkoreanews
Obama Explains Black America To White America
Payday Advance-- Best Specials Possibly With Low Credit Ratings
MSNBC Political analyst: Detroit is what happens when government is too small
"Most transparent administration in history" releases most redacted document in history.
Libya women's football team banned 'because of Ramadan'
Sudoku-playing jury told your number's up
Asiana Airline passenger killed by rescue vehicle
Top Tips To Help You Choose The Right Lawyer For You
California coroner confirms Asiana crash survivor was killed by rescuers
Fox Tried Seven Times to Get the Brother of Zimmerman to Criticize Obama
Seagulls turn yobbish after getting drunk on flying ants
Ken Cuccinelli Really Wants to Ban Oral Sex
Irish basketball team announces that Pornhub will be their jersey sponsor for their upcoming tourtament
Astronaut with flooded helmet felt like goldfish in bowl
Former Nashville attorney sues Apple over porn, failed marriage
Coroner says Chinese student survived Asiana crash but was killed when hit by truck on runway
Iowa woman fired for being 'irresistible,' court says it's legal
Chris Sevier Suing Apple Over Unlimited Access to Porn
Tabloid stunt sends fake Will and Kate to London hospital, sending royal-baby media mob into a tizzy.
Can of pork and beans leads at arrest in Hawaii
U.S. Forced to Drop 4 Unexploded Bombs on Great Barrier Reef
Magician ordered to pull rabbit disaster plan out of his hat after he was forced to buy special bunny licence
Hair Weave Stops Bullet
Mother Seeks "Sugar Baby" To Take Her Son's V-Card Before Heading to Harvard
Norwegian Rape Victim in Dubai Sentenced to 16 Months Imprisonment for Extramarital Sex
Woman in Dubai Reports She Was Raped, Gets Sentenced to 16-Month Prison Term
Loans Till Payday-- Best Specials Possibly With Bad Credit
FAA Responds Negatively to Drone Hunting in Colorado
Man detonates bomb in Bejing airport, is only the one injured. [x-post from r/justiceporn]
Bomb detonated at Beijing airport; 1 injured
Tax Evader's Property For Sale May Contain Explosives
Jim Carrey condemns violence in his own movie Kick-Ass 2
Facebook board game forces people to actually interact with friends in real life
This article claims that only in Vancouver can you find heroin easily, mostly due to harm reduction strategies, and these strategies are too blame for Cory Monteith's death
Bruins Bieber-proof locker room
2 Chainz' Sophomore Album Will Include A Cookbook
A Restaurant In Texas Called Redneck Heaven Was Told That Their Waitresses Had To Start Wearing Clothes
Hooters gets new logo as part of sweeping overhaul
California court affirms prisoner's right to werewolf erotica
In Quebec's Outaouais region, a 1930s-era decree lets a committee decide when hairdressers can cut your hair
US drops bombs on Great Barrier Reef Marine Park
Man drank $102,000 worth of historic whiskey; also awaiting liver transplant.
US jets dropped bombs on Great Barrier Reef
Germany's Paulaner Brewery rejects Kim Jong Un's request for a beer garden
Polls: George Zimmerman's Favorability Rating Higher Than Al Sharpton's
Gators LB arrested for barking at police dog
Zimmerman Jurors Under Scrutiny As Sheriff's Office Admits To Unsupervised Visits
Woman buys car off Craigslist, owner steals it back.
Man Accused of Drinking $102,000 Worth of Historic Whiskey Now Awaiting Liver Transplant
Bryan Fischer, Anti-Gay Spokesperson, Claims Army Overrun By 'Hypermasculine Homosexuals'
Kanye West's $120 Plain White T-Shirt Sells Out
APNewsBreak: Ohio zoo tries to mate rhino siblings
Military Is Swapping Christians For 'Hyper-Masculine Homosexuals' Warns Fischer
Some Mormons Search the Web and Find Doubt
Florida LB Antonio Morrison Arrested After Barking at Police Dog
Florida linebacker Antonio Morrison arrested for barking at police dog
Palestinian Used Imprisoned Husband's Sperm To Get Pregnant
Dell ran out of companies to buy, so it wants to buy itself
Purdue should remove "This is Engineering" viral video due to racist and sexist themes.
Antonio Morrison arrested again, suspended at two games [for barking at police dog]
Man admits 'having sex' with 1,000 cars
Iran Demands Justice for Trayvon Martin
A (NSFW) Dispatch From The Smallest Penis In Brooklyn Competition
Florida university linebacker charged with barking at police dog
"But He Barked First!": Florida LB Antonio Morrison Arrested For Getting Into Barking Match With Police Dog
Antonio Morrison arrested again, suspended at two games
Casual sex leads to anxiety, depression
Paypal Error Makes Man an Accidental Quadrillionaire
6-Year-Old Girl Shot During Memorial For Relative Who Was Shot
Why Purdue should remove 'This is Engineering' viral video
Body Found In Duffel Bag In Suffield Woods; Homicide Suspected
Tokyo young women's thighs used as advertising space
Monsanto Buys BLACKWATER the largest mercenary army in the world
Snoop Lion releasing "Dog for Dog" brand dog food
Todays Weather In Wellington, New Zealand: WHO CARES AS LONG AS THE GROUND STAYS STILL
Wellington Newspaper Cares Not About The Weather, Only Earthquakes
Man acquitted in romantic bear-spray squabble
Florida LB Antonio Morrison barks at dog, gets arrested
US jets dump bombs on Great Barrier Reef
Man dies after pie eating contest in Qld
God Smites 79 Percent Fewer Men Than He Did in the '60s
Instagram photo of a porn star, a unicorn head and a cop lands officer in hot water
Woman Fined for Taking Horse into McDonalds in Greater Manchester
Kitten nearly dies from vegan diet
Horse-rider takes pony inside McDonald's after being refused service at drive-through
Author Claims George Zimmerman May be a Reptilian Space Alien
Every household in the UK is to have pornography blocked by their internet provider unless they choose to receive it.
Paulaner reportedly says no to Kim Jong-un's request to open North Korea location
Confronted By Univision Reporter, Steve King Says Comparison Of Immigrants To Dogs Was A Compliment
Opponents of Stand Your Ground Propose New Law, "Don't Shoot Me For Absolutely No Reason"
Boy Inhales Blowgun Dart
Bombs dropped on Great Barrier Reef marine park
GENTEEL CHICAGO SUBURB RAGES OVER MR. T'S TREE MASSACRE
Masturbating Inside An MRI Machine Is Complicated
Smallest Penis Contest Winner Tells Us Why He's Proud To Be Less Endowed | Gothamist
Texas School District Drops RFID Chips, Will Track Kids With Surveillance Cameras Instead
Sex-crazed government workers could be leakers, Obama admin warns
STUDY: 200,000 US Children Injured by Falling Televisions Over Past Two Decades
It was not until the dust settled that those involved realized that they all were part of the same street gang.
Woman brings horse into McDonalds, horse defecates on floor
Noises in tourist's were from flesh-eating maggots
George Zimmerman Emerged From Hiding for Truck Crash Rescue
Drunk and naked Iowa man arrested for smashing out car tail lights with glass bottle, blows .83 on breathalyzer [x-post r/news]
More US children injured by falling televisions - study
25 Things Way More Exciting Than The Royal Baby
Corporate fat cats' misguided tactics to get chummy with their employees
Note To Teen Boy With Blowgun: It's Exhale, Not Inhale
Another way TV is harmful to kids: By falling on them
Limbaugh: 'White Guilt' Unjustified Because Whites Have 'Done More To End' Slavery Than 'Any Other Race'
Mute girl cured by diet of cream cheese
Mute girl can talk after diet of cream cheese
Sweden burns bunnies for biofuel | MNN
India Declares Dolphins "Non-Human Persons" With Rights
Kate Middleton Ruined My Life
Asian woman's husband thinks her eyes are too small, requests cosmetic surgery.
Blowgun Dart Inhalation: The Newest Teen Trend?
Zimmerman rescues family after car accident
No Gay Couples Have Invited Gov. Dayton To Wedding
George Zimmerman helps rescue family from car wreck
Avoid all news about the royal baby by going Republican
White House enlisting entertainers to help implement healthcare law
Horse-rider fined for taking pony into McDonald's after being refused drive-through service
Breaking news: South Dakota has more escalators than Wyoming (xpost from r/SouthDakota)
KU coach Charlie Weis' pitch to recruits: 'Have you seen that pile of crap out there?'
Chicago's new war on guns: Letters
Pope raises eyebrows across the world by carrying his own bag
George Zimmerman Emerged From Hiding to Rescue Family Trapped in SUV
Florida linebacker Antonio Morrison arrested after barking at police dog
CNN's Victoria Arbiter: Kate Middleton 'Brilliant' For 'Delivering A Boy' On The 'First Time'
Comic-Con Stuntmen save woman from balcony fall Kick-Ass 2 crew stage superhero rescue
CNN-Victoria Arbiter: Analyst says baby boy shows how "brilliant a royal Kate is."
Spain Privatizes the Sun
'Don't shoot at drones' - Colorado proposes open season on drone hunting
Subway Employee Puts His Penis On Sandwich Bread; Another Freezes His Urine At Work (PHOTOS)
Spain privatized sun, its forbidden to generate power for consumption
BREAKING NEWS: Woman Gives Birth To Baby
A man is facing charges after he was allegedly caught using vice grips instead of a steering wheel to drive a car
University of Miami Freshmen Convinced Identical Giant Dorms Have Magically Different Properties
Driver charged over car with no steering wheel
Want to earn more money? Start smoking then give up.
Will and Kate: after the birth of a child, new parents face stress, sleep deprivation, hormone changes
That Awkward Moment When The Tea Party Rally Gets Overtly Racist
Terrence Malick taken to court for 'forgetting' to make film.
Mt. Lion Struck, Killed by Mercury Cougar in Los Altos
'Breaking News': Singapore labour chief swoons over favourite toothpick
Game Programmer Quits Job To Sell Street Food, Doubles Salary
Note To Teenage Boys With Blowgun: It's Exhale, Not Inhale
Woman's head stuck in railings during stairwell sex romp
The Pee Analyzer: Nightclub's urinal-based RFID system aims to curb drunk driving
Gay makeout sessions with Satanist influence to turn gay the dead mother of Westboro Baptist founder.
Teenager arrested after tweeting lyrics to 'Timebomb' during a Pink concert
Turkish policeman fined for voluntarily escorting Paris Hilton
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West spend 500k on gold toilets
Woman allows cross-dressing ex-fiancé to borrow her clothes, horrified that his choice of clothes mirrors her dress sense.
BBC News - EastEnders to reflect Royal birth
EastEnders to reflect Royal birth
Teen blasted out of Rod Laver after 'Timebomb' tweet
Terrence Malick's company sued for taking too long on The Voyage Of Time
French politician provokes outrage by suggesting Adolf Hitler 'did not kill enough Roma gypsies'
French MP accused of saying Hitler 'didn't kill enough' Travellers
Henrico police shoot pet as they notify family of son's homicide
Desperate Homophobes Tell Women Gay Rights Will Rob Them Of Husbands
FAA Asks: Please Don't Shoot Down the Drones
Doctor tells patient she has bad case of 'ghetto booty'
Virginia's attorney general wants to ban oral and anal sex
Vandal Targets Prius Cars in Arlington, pretty hilarious commentary
Limbaugh on white guilt: 'It's preposterous that Caucasians are blamed for slavery'
Teenager paints 60ft phallus on roof of family home
Amanda Bynes Hospitalized After Starting a Fire in a Random Person's Driveway
Florida Gators player arrested for barking at police dog
Man arrested in Australia for driving without a steering wheel.. uses a pair of pliers
Norway sets up giant mirrors to bring sunlight to a town
Ohio PAC Raising Money To Buy George Zimmerman A New Gun
Indian politicians shut down restaurant over a footnote on bill protesting recent hike in taxes from 15% to 20%
North Carolina Considers Abortion/Motorcycle Safety Bill
Teen impaled on Horn of Texas Tech Bull Statue
Pants Found in Century Old Tree Unveil Mystery
The CIA wants to know how to control the climate
Homemade Blowgun Darts Pose Choking Dangers for Teens
Poverty Hurts Kids More Than Being Born to Moms on Cocaine
NSA admits it can't search its own emails
Lawyer Suing Apple Is Banking On Millions of People Being As Stupid As He Was
Parents Wheel Crib to Eatery in Increasingly Family-Friendly Williamsburg
Lawsuit over 'Dumb And Dumber' sequel somehow devolves into juvenile war of words
Town Crier Who Announced Royal Baby is Actually Just Some Random Guy
Syria: Al-Qaeda arm 'stages fun day'
Subways Employee Post Picture of Placing Penis on Foot-Long Bread
Disgraced Former Congressman and Current NYC Mayoral Frontrunner Anthony Weiner Posed as 'Carlos Danger' during Sex Chats
Rush Limbaugh Worries White People Don't Get Enough Credit For Ending Slavery
USC Student: Police Said I Wasn't Raped Because He Didn't Orgasm
Pope to offer "indulgences" to his Twitter followers
Orwell's '1984' and 'Animal Farm' Deleted From Kindles
US And Russia Simultaneously Announce Intent To Arm Opposing Sides In Syria
Four Nigerian soccer teams banned for life after games end 79-0, 67-0
Turkish health minister says women shouldn't have epidurals because it will make their children cowardly
Teens pocket-dialed 911 while smoking pot
New York oenophiles sue wine-care business over losing access to vintage bottles after Superstorm Sandy
Afghan donkey-bomber kills three NATO troops
Local St. Louis news station is getting to the bottom of hipster culture.
Queens Woman Throws Out Fridge, Then Remembers She Had $5,000 Cash In It
Man Tells Police His Wife Was Already Married
Same-Sex Attraction Not Contagious Among Adolescents
Armless man wins seatbelt ticket challenge
NSA says it can't search its own emails
Man arrested after winning 'Storage Wars'-style auction containing child porn
Will the British royal baby boy buoy the economy? Probably not
Giant 'corpse flower' with odor of rotting flesh blooms next door to US Capitol
Convicted sex offender with foot fetish strikes again
Anthony Weiner Accused Of Engaging In New Sex Chats Using Handle 'Carlos Danger'
'I'm Deeply Flawed': Anthony Weiner, AKA 'Carlos Danger,' Now Admits Still Sexting
Occupy Portland city hall camp from 2011 finally dispersed, on 7/23/2013
Anthony Weiner Confirms Authenticity Of New Sex Chats Under Pseudonym 'Carlos Danger'
Rush Limbaugh: It's 'preposterous' to blame white people for slavery
Weiner admits to more lewd texts; used screen name 'Carlos Danger'
CNN host reports humans have "hunted the dildo into extinction"
10 People You Didn't Know Were Black
Chris Johnson, Devin Hester, cheetah to race on Nat Geo Wild
Drunk man swims across Detroit River
Canadian Man Sorry for Chugging Eight Beers and Swimming to Detroit
Do not Be Outsmarted By Your Lawyer! Not all lawyers and attorneys are as great as they may seem. If you need an attorney how do you look at the right one?
Crown tosses seatbelt ticket for Saskatchewan driver with no arms Crown tosses seatbelt ticket for Saskatchewan driver with no arms Crown tosses seatbelt ticket for Saskatchewan driver with no arms
Ohio Judge Orders Woman to Spend Next Five Christmases in Jail
Squeezing breasts could prevent cancer, best study ever says
Afghan lawmaker declare Jihad (holy war) against TV talent shows
The Resurrection Of Nirvana As 'Sirvana' With Paul McCartney
Hairy Sex Dwarf Known as a Tokoloshe Stalking Victims
O.J. Simpson is a Dead Man Walking and Confesses to Killing Nicole Brown and Ron Goldman - Report
Feeling Horny? Rhinoceros Incest Project Underway at Cincinnati Zoo
Two men perform Mayonnaise enemas on stage at a Canadian fringe festival
How I Passed My U.S. Citizenship Test: By Keeping the Right Answers to Myself
Hillary Clinton basically saying how the U.S. government created al-Qaeda
Drunk man swims across Detroit River (with video)
City In Oregon Says No 5-foot Dead Chicken Memorial
Man wants jogger to stop pooping on his property
Contemplative Weiner Seeks Forgiveness.
NSA says it can't search its own e-mails
Saudi 'princess' spends millions on perfume, 'swindles' property, winds up in court
Husband threatens divorce after wife licks all the filling from Oreos
Huge methane belch in Arctic could cost $60 trillion
After 8 beers a man who wanted to prove he could swim across the Detroit River from Canada to the U.S. ended up prompting and international rescue operation.
Amanda Bynes Doused Dog in Gasoline, Raced Inside Liquor Store to Rinse Off Pet
VIDEO: One Word: Firenado!
Drunk inventors caught cruising in car-pool
WVU Player Commits Robbery In Team-Issued Sweatpants, Gets Arrested
Ronaldo Free Kick Breaks 11-Year-Old's Wrist
Budding lawyer 'too privileged' for jail
Banned driver caught using pliers to steer car
Daycare Teacher Fired for Leaving Classroom to Save Children from Fire
NYC To Offer Prescriptions For Fruits And Vegetables
Woman Fingers Ex-Girlfriend In Sex Toy Theft
Police: College Station teens pocket-dialed 911 while smoking pot
Man sets himself on fire over wife's lesbian affair
Man Wrestles 7-Foot Shark to Nantucket Beach
Disney accused by Catholic cleric of corrupting children's minds
U.K to ban packed lunches
[NSFW] Adult Star James Deen Releases First Google Glass X-Rated Video
Afghan bomber on donkey kills 3 NATO-led soldiers
Mike Tyson Admits That He Sucked At Own Punch-Out!! Video Game
City denies PETA request to put up a Chicken statue
PA Police Chief: "F**k All You Libtards - Liberals Take It In The A**"
Lost hikers rescued, but then die driving into ocean in Maine
Human character who dies in first superhero film not to appear in the second
Bottle of grape juice could cost the region $25,000
Donald Trump Joins Vine To Urge Anthony Weiner Not To Join Vine
Bow Down Before His Royal Highness Prince GAL
Judge Rules NBA Player And Ex-Wife Must Stop Annoying Their Followers With Twitter Fights
Ugly people are more bullied at work, study finds
Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 developer receives death threats following gun tweaks
Virginia Tech Mascot Requests a Homecoming Video Message From Nirvana
Roosters thrown from SUV during police chase
Canadian man chugs eight beers, swims to Detroit
Amanda Bynes 'tried to wash her dog in liquor store after accidentally drenching it with gasoline while starting fire in driveway'
Many Washington residents still have landlines
Exceedingly White Postal Service Fans Are Confused By Big Freedia's Twerking
Montana man injured when bridge jumper lands on him
Drunk man proves he can swim from Windsor to Detroit, prompts rescue
Kitten Nearly Dies On Vegan Diet, Gets Healed With Meat
Mississippi Police Want to Arrest the Satanists Who Turn Dead People Gay
Tennessee Titans rookie Jonathan Willard saves family in burning car
Bush 41 Shaves Head in Solidarity With 2-Year-Old Leukemia Patient
Pope Francis' female foot-wash outrages traditionalists
John Morillo Sorry For Chugging Eight Beers And Swimming To Detroit
Edward Snowden Seeking to Join KGB Veterans Group
Death as an Image
Local Woman Claims Driver's License Photo Start of 'Mark of the Beast'
Baby born without a brain turns two.
Anthony Weiner Prematurely Ejaculated During Phone Sex:
Police shoot pet as they notify family of son's homicide
Doctors prescribe fruit, vegetables to obese patients in NYC
As expected, porn industry quick to adopt Google Glass
Collectors cheer birth of new royal tchotchkes
Judge: Give stripper back $1 million cash seized after traffic stop
Lance Armstrong suing to keep his USPS sponsorship money, stating that they should have known he was doping.
Long-term study debunks myth of the "crack baby"
City says no to PETA statue honoring chickens killed in auto accident
DEA Charges Daniel Brian Springer, Daniel Brian Springer II, And Daniel Brian Springer III With Narcotics Conspiracy
Anthony Weiner Faces Second Cybersex Scandal
Monopoly Is Getting Rid of Jail to Appease Your Busy Kids
North Korea is Prepping a Hovercraft Invasion Force
Kiss 108 cancels Taylor Swift photo-op contest after middle-aged guy started winning
Religion to disappear by 2041 Claims New Study
Staff sergeant stabbed to avoid PT test
Virginia Tech Fan Doesn't Know Kurt Cobain Died; Asks Nirvana To Record Video For Her
Feel-free fee: TSA will grope you less for $85
Chinese jobseekers face "zodiac discrimination". You Virgo? No job for you.
Nirvana Miraculously Reunites To Help Virginia Tech Student With Homecoming
Family rescued by George Zimmerman afraid of making him a hero
Armed robber stops to feed crying baby.
Steve King Wants to Protect the Border from Cantaloupe-Sized Calves
Giant penis on the local news illustrates the danger of touchscreens
Cyclist doping revelations a shock to no one
Spirit Airlines pays homage to latest Anthony Weiner scandal with 'The Weiner Rises Again' vacation package featuring Carlos Danger, a hot dog holding an iPhone
80 percent of US children may never see a starry sky
Campaign Aims to Get Bugs Out of Your Yogurt
The Archbishop of Canterbury has warned the online lender Wonga that the Church of England plans to force it out of business - by competing against it.
Unfortunate Royal Baby Decision Of The Day
Tomato excuse for prostitute in car in Dudley
Man Impersonated an Officer to Touch Woman's Buttocks, Police Say
Two Women Die In Car Accident After Hiking Rescue In Maine
Gang Member Convicted After Tattooing Murder Scene on His Chest
A man caught with a prostitute in his car told police she was there to show him where to buy tomatoes.
Australian billionaire gets green light for world's biggest dinosaur park
Vinton County Woman Wants Possessions Back After Bank Tried To Repossess Wrong House
Tattoo regret becomes the latest trend
Guy would quite like to ID the jogger who keeps pooping by his house
Ginger Seal Shunned By Peers
Russian energy baron celebrates global warming by extracting and burning fossil fuel from newly thawed ground.
Cool ride? German police seize car with pool
Woman Brings Horse Inside McDonald's After Being Denied Service at Drive-Thru
Detroit council supports calls for federal investigation of possible civil rights charges against George Zimmerman
Canadian man arrested for drunken swim across Detroit River
Nick Gilronan, Brooklyn's Smallest Penis Contest Winner, Says He's Proud Of Victory
French woman savagely attacked by cats
Should a Christian participate in a Color Run?
Burka Avenger Fights For Girls' Education
Southwest Airlines Offers Free Trip to Flint, Michigan, Murder Capital of America
NFL teams may hire tattoo experts
Eric Myers, Father Presumed Dead For 16 Years, Speaks After Re-Emerging As Gay Man
Madison Square Garden Is Told to Move
Hikers are rescued, then drive to their deaths in Atlantic Ocean off Maine
Giant bright blue cock erected on fourth plinth in Trafalgar Square
House warns Kerry he could be 1/16,000th poorer
FratPAC lobbies to protect frats right to hazing.
Paula Deen Allegedly Asked Black Staffers to Dress Like Aunt Jemima
Gang member convicted of murder after tattooing the murder scene on his chest
Carlos Danger - the sexting alias of disgraced congressman Anthony Weiner - is also the name of a psychiatrist in Miami.
In U.S. First, Cyclist Pleads Guilty to Felony Vehicular Manslaughter
Woman falls asleep on passenger during flight and it's awkward
Safeway Shopper Horrified to Find Piece of Chicken in Her Chicken
Tattoo regret becomes latest trend
Brooklyn's Smallest Penis Contest Winner Says He's Proud Of Victory
India: Army 'mistook planets for spy drones'
2 hikers get lost at Maine park, are rescued, then accidentally drive car into ocean and drown
Tea Party Groups In Tennessee Demand Textbooks Overlook U.S. Founder's Slave-Owning History
Taylor Swift Crushed the Dream of Her Creepiest Fan
Missoula man's legs broken when other man jumps from bridge | Local News
Big blue cock erected on fourth plinth in London's Trafalgar Square
Water sommeliers help you pick the right water to go with your dinner.
man duped by porno virus into turning himself in to police for child porn warrants.
Australia gifts Prince George a baby crocodile
'Fart Spray,' Deer Repellant Draw Hazmat Team To Camp Wo-Me-To
Thirsty? Talk to the Water Sommelier
McCain hopes $1 coin leads to bigger tips for strippers
McCain hopes $1 coin leads to bigger tips for strippers - CNN Political Ticker
Weiner estimates he sexted three women after resigning
India's army reportedly spent six months watching "Chinese spy drones" violating its air space, only to find out they were actually Jupiter and Venus.
Jay Riley arrested after asking Prince William County police if he had warrants on file for child porn
Bank Robs House By Mistake, Refuses To Pay Up
Mexican Hot Sauces Test Positive for Lead
Fisherman survives tuna terror: Titanic battle with monster fish
No "feeling" in CPC's printed message to the blind
Tim Hudson's wife thanks player who injured her husband
Moldova: Construction drills 'used for surgery'
Al Qaeda launches PR offensive by hosting a 'FUN DAY' in Syria featuring tug-of-war and children's party games
Royal Baby Gay Poll Finds Most Would Support Prince's Son If He Comes Out
Washington D.C. is least honest city in America, study says
McCain: $1 coin may help strippers
Scientists create false memories in mice, cause rodent-style Inception
Pakistani TV show sparks ratings war by giving away babies
Pakistani TV Show Reportedly Gives Away Babies For Ramadan (VIDEO)
Pakistan's top TV cleric gives babies away in hit Ramadan show
Radio Caller Wants Deer Crossing Signs Moved So Deer Won't Cross Highways
Swedish teens pose for pre-robbery selfie
Detroit Gets New $450 Million Arena in Midst of Bankruptcy
Perth hoax caller Grant Robertson happy to go to jail
U.N. to Celebrate 'World Toilet Day'
Hooker in Dudley man's car 'just helping to buy tomatoes'
Cat Gives Birth to Puppy?
Samsung Galaxy S3 Exploded In Girls' Pants Pocket
Look at These F---ing Hipsters Without Health Care
60 tonnes of miniature Eiffel Towers seized in Paris
Students sign petition to legalize abortion after childbirth
Spike Lee, Seeking A Kickstarter Handout, Owns $30 Million Manhattan Mansion, Martha's Vineyard Estate
Al-Qaeda hosts a family fair in Syria, complete with ice cream and jihad
Homecoming Queen Campaigner Wants Nirvana For Video Appearance
Woman in sexting scandal loves politics, 'idealized' Weiner
Melchisedech Isoph arrested, accused of repeatedly masturbating outside woman's house Greenacres man says he was only urinating behind bushes
FratPAC Lobbies Congress For Tax Breaks, To Stop Anti-Hazing Law
Plague-infected squirrel shuts Los Angeles park
"FratPAC" lobbies against hazing law
Huma Abedin's rich, glowing hair draws looks of envy from many women, scandal or not
'Speed 2: Cruise Control' Star Sandra Bullock Can't Possibly Imagine a Sequel to 'The Heat'
VIDEO: Flight passenger films sleepy seatmate using him as a pillow
Intruders over Ladakh turn out to be two planets
Porn Filtering System David Cameron Praised Has Alleged Chinese Military Ties
Georgia: Brides 'undergo virginity inspections'
Pakistan TV Show Giving Away Babies
Vegetable crime wave: The phantom cucumber dropper of old London Town
Satanic cult blamed for killing of Dartmoor pony in full moon ritual
Disabled five-year-old with wheeled walking frame 'stopped from going in Tesco'
Chromecast: You'll pop me in for HOT STREAMS of JOY, hopes Google
Penis-Powered Game Gets Oculus Rift Support
'To celebrate the birth of the Royal PRINCESS': Firm left with 5,000 unsold plates after wrongly assuming Kate would have a girl
Tourists warned after French woman and her dog are attacked by gang of feral cats
Turkey clears bird of spying for Israel
News Reporter Draws Penis (VIDEO)
Company sells 'royal princess' plates after souvenir gamble goes wrong
Family Spent $100,000 On Beanie Babies Thinking 'Investment' Would Put Kids Through College
Dictionary will change the entry for 'marriage' to include gay people after same-sex weddings enshrined in law.
Drug use at an all time low as young people discover lying
Guy tries to rob a gun store with a baseball bat, fails miserably.
Canadian Man Sorry for Downing Eight Beers and Swimming to Detroit
Fast-Food Jobs Give Few Options For Career Advancement: Study
Virginia Tech Student Asks Nirvana To Record A Video, Seems Unaware Kurt Cobain Is Dead ... Or A Man
Former International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn is to appear in a French criminal court on charges of pimping
Turkey: Bird accused of spying for Israel 'innocent'
Spain Levies Consumption Tax on Sunlight
Former International Monetary Fund chief to be tried for pimping
David Guetta, forced to flee the stage in embarrassment--poor guy
Turkish Officials Clear Bird of Spying for Israel
Carl's Jr. Introduces a Pop-Tart Ice Cream Sandwich
Halliburton shares up despite destroying evidence
Man files a lawsuit against Walmart over 21 cents
Man who lived in tent after flood now homeless after tent blows away
Spain Levies Consumption Tax on Sunlight, cites sun's unfair advantage
'Extinct' bird spotted in Asia, eaten.
French parliament lifts ban on insulting president
Pregnant women in public 'immoral and unpleasant'
Cop Who Pepper-Sprayed Students At Occupy Protest Wants Worker's Compensation For 'Psychiatric Injury'
New $400 Million Red Wing Stadium Should Be Unaffected by Detroit Bankruptcy
Cop Who Pepper-Sprayed Students at UC Davis Campus Seeks Workers Comp
'Heteronormative' Burger Family no Threat to LGBT. Man posing as a radical lesbian feminist files a Human Rights complaint against A&W for the naming of their burgers which are 'highly degrading' to non-traditional families.
Feds investigate Redneck Day at Arizona high school, have nothing better to do
Cop who pepper-sprayed students seeks workers comp, claims psychiatric injury
Religious Christian Father Of Five Declared Dead For 16 Years Returns and Comes Out As Gay Man
French workers strike for the right to work on Sundays
Female phone sex partner of former NY Congressman Anthony Weiner says she didn't enjoy it because Weiner prematurely orgasmed less than 30 seconds into it every time.
Fetus Dolls Given to Kids at North Dakota State Fair
How Hackers Use Bots to Score Prime Restaurant Reservations
Alleged Back-Rubber Arrested Again
Like V-necks? You might be gay
Detroit's City Council spends time weighing in on Zimmerman case, puts Motor City issues on back burner
Ground Squirrel in California Tests Positive for Bubonic Plague, Forces Closure of Campgrounds
Turkey clears and releases bird held as Israeli spy
Women's groups go on attack against Weiner
Obama: Ho Chi Minh was Inspired by American Founders
North Liberty man accused of pushing one-legged man off scooter
Man Tries to Rob Gun Store With Baseball Bat
Man Attempts To Rob Gun Store With Bat
25 JUL 2013 6 David Guetta, forced to flee the stage in embarrassment
Teen Bible Campers Hospitalized After Mixing Fart Spray and Deer Repellent in Prank
Sometimes, the boss really is a psycho.
Sometimes the boss really is pyscho, researchers say
Are mosquitoes a cause of childhood obesity?
Hurry up and swing. Must go to concert.
Kanye West stars in unauthorised video game, Kanye Quest 3030: Rapper must defeat enemies using croissants in new Japanese role-playing game
Boone man arrested again for breaking into home, offering back rub
Obamacare Call Center Will Not Offer Healthcare Benefits to Employees
Syracuse (NY) man shows wife how to use handgun, shoots himself in leg
Sgt. Pepperspray seeks workman's comp for psychological trauma for hosing university students with pepperspray at UC Davis.
Bear walks into a bar, nobody notices.
Putin Catches and Kisses Giant Fish
Florida 'Jesus' threatens 'Antichrist' neighbor with tire iron (2012)
Obese US inmate Ronald Post, spared from execution because of 204kg weight, dies in prison
Virginia Tech Student Asks Nirvana to Record a Video, Clearly Unaware That Kurt Cobain is Dead, or a Man
Being rude to French president no longer an offense
$5 offer isn't enough to elude police
South African Man Faces Deportation Due To Obesity...
South African man too fat for New Zealand
Vikings RB Adrian Peterson says NFL players use HGH
North Carolina us on the brink of allowing guns in bars. That's a really terrible idea.
'Pink Panther' Makes Spectacular Escape From Swiss Prison
Holidaymaker ate an octopus before discovering it was only the SECOND of its kind ever found
American kills and eats rare 6-legged octopus, asks questions about its rarity later.
American family kills, eats rare 6-legged octopus first, asks questions about its rarity later.
Pop music is 'hugely sexual', Sir David Attenborough says
Maine lawyer hospitalized after fighting polar
The Collapse of the Animal Crossing Economy and the Rise of Villager Trading: "GameFaqs reads like some kind of grotesque slave exchange"
Indian Army tracks suspected Chinese drones, discovers they're just planets
Family Ruined By $100K Beanie Babies 'Investment'
South African chef 'too fat' to live in New Zealand.
College Students Sign Petition to Allow 'Fourth Trimester Abortion
Rail passengers demand same rights as farm animals
Pentagon: Who We're At War With Is Classified (x-post from r/politics)
Cop who pepper-sprayed students seeks workers comp
Pentagon: Who We're At War With Is Classified
Somebody Did Something: Prospect Street in Washington
Group raises $12,000 so George Zimmerman can buy new guns after officials refuse to return weapon used to kill Trayvon Martin
Ohio inmate spared execution dies seven months after clemency
Kestrel suspected of being Israeli spy by Turkish authorities turns out to be just a bird
Woman Enraged Over Boyfriend Sneaking Out to See Their (shared) Girlfriend
Lesbian feminist sues A&W because ordering a 'Mama', 'Papa' or 'Teen' was "highly degrading" to her and reminded her about when she was raped. (x-post /r/rage)
The Department of Homeland Security is requiring a permit for all live music being played in the US (x-post /r/news)
Home Improvements That Are Affordable And Loan Free
Man, 89, charged in 2 east-end sex assaults
Serial Rapist Looks Like "OK Guy".
Man, woman arrested after arguing over their lives as prostitutes, deputies say
Pretty harsh: Man sues wife for being ugly .... and wins £75k payout
'FBI Warning' virus tricks pedophile into turning his computer in to the police and getting arrested
Outrage as bananas thrown at Italy's first black minister
NSA Award-Winner Wants NSA "Abolished"
Big Marijuana lobby fights legalization efforts
New Zealand to chef: You're too fat to live here
Man armed with bat and knife attempts to rob gun store- he fails
Man Buys Coffee For 500 Tim Hortons Customers Because That's What Happens In Canada
Cop psychologically scarred While pepper spraying students..
Italy's first black minister has a banana thrown at her during party rally speech
The Department of Homeland Security is requiring a permit for all live music being played in the US
David Guetta flees Paris stage after playing self-help audio CDs for his dancing phobia
Voter Refuses To Shake Weiner's Hand: "Who The Hell Knows Where It's Been?"
Man gets fake FBI child porn alert, arrested for child porn
Al Qaeda host 'fun day' in Syria
Holder: We Won't Torture or Kill Snowden
Woman Enraged Over Boyfriend Sneaking Out to See Their Girlfriend
Italian Senator Apologises for Comparing Black Minister to an Orangutan
Ron Paul Wants People To Buy, Sell Organs For Transplants
Family Spends $100,000 on Beanie Babies to Put Their Kids Through College
Man gets fake FBI child porn alert, gets arrested for child porn
How Microsoft could beat Siri and Google Now: A modern Microsoft Bob
Number of Catfish Inspectors Drives a Debate on Spending
Nebraska Police Forced To Return $1 Million In Cash To A Stripper
Google Engineer Wins NSA Award, Then Says NSA Should Be "Abolished"
Bananas thrown at Italy's first black minister
Legal weed hurting SF hippies.
Patient Jumps Out of Ambulance, Steals Another
River Ridge home invasion suspect who claimed to be Jesus actually named Nike
Ronald Strong Gets Week In Jail For Pooping Pants
Hackers Can Take Over Cars And Drive Them With A Nintendo Controller
Hackers hijack a car with a Nintendo controller
Congress exempts itself from liability for criminal acts
Sometimes my hometown offers up gems like these
Gays in Baton Rouge arrested under invalid sodomy law
A tale from my home state: Assault with a tasty weapon.
Pedophiles to seek same rights as gays using same tactics as homosexual lobby, report say
SNES game "Link to the Past" is getting a sequel after 20 years
North Korea marks 60 years since Korean War with massive 'Victory Day' parade
Al-Qaeda Operative Has Fellow Jihadis Sodomize Him To Widen His Anus So Suicide Bomb Can Be Inserted...
Bill O'Reilly And Victoria Jackson Worry About Communists Killing Christians (VIDEO)
Victoria Jackson and Bill O'Reilly think Communists are coming to kill the Christians
Poison Ivy-Eating Goats to Defend Historic NJ Fort
Night owls are wealthier and wiser than larks, study finds
Goats defending New Jersey historic site from poison ivy
Italian authorities will investigate an anti-Semitic, Holocaust-denying doctor in northern Italy who keeps a bust of Hitler in his office and displays fascist propaganda in his waiting room.
Flatulence sexual fetish revealed
Huge black bear wanders onto dance floor in crowded, loud bar in Colorado; everyone was so drunk nobody noticed. Eventually a man yelled at it and it followed him out the back door like a dog. (x-post from r/news)
Video shows bar patrons not aware of 350-pound bear
Aug 1st is "Bring Your Gun To Work Day".
Chef told he's too fat to live in New Zealand
Police Discover Swimming Pool on Wheels
Despite bankruptcy, Detroit's new $400 million dollar hockey rink is a "go"
Son seeks home for neglected nude statue of mom
Lost Pigeon Rescued By Navy In Atlantic Ocean
Fox Steals Cell Phone, Sends Text in Language of the Foxes
Microsoft Wants Google to Censor.... Microsoft.com
Chinese museum found with 40,000 fake exhibits forced to close
It Begins: Pedophiles Call for Same Rights as Homosexuals
India Thought Jupiter and Venus Were Actually Chinese Spy Drones
Highest brawl ever - fight breaks out on Mount Everest between European team and local Sherpas
World's 'hottest' porn star gives life to God
Slow reader returns overdue library book after 41 years, including $299 fine
Study: Only 28 Percent of Millionaires Think They're Rich
Only 28 Percent Of Millionaires Think They're Rich, Study Finds
Meet Pakistan's new Wonder Woman, "Burka Avenger"
First case of man 'sexually aroused by flatulence'
Tim Allen wants to reclaim N-word in comedy
Black parents shocked when son was born white
Korean News Station Pokes Fun at KTVU with Fake American Pilot Names After Southwest Airlines Landing Gear Failure
Siemens to Replace CEO as Loescher Fails to Mimic Peers
Pope OKs indulgences for the Tweeting classes
Pope Francis says Jesus is better than the World Cup
The KKK is recruiting for the neighborhood watch
Genetically modified cows produce 'human' milk.
Major league pitcher Mark Buehrle pitches quickly so he can see Tim McGraw concert in Toronto
File photo of a warning sign for a natural gas pipeline seen at an oil pump site outside of Williston
College Student doesn't know Kurt Cobain died
Local police paints lines marking a parking spot for disabled around a car, then give fine to owner
Turkey clears bird accused of being 'Israeli spy'
Manti Te'o helps D.J. Fluker overcome childhood fear of drowning
Man attempts to murder, claims he is Mahatma Gandhi's incarnation
"50 Shades of Grey" Might Be Reason More Londoners Are Stuck In Handcuffs. (Also, penis in toaster)
Cloud computing is unreliable in a storm: Former Income-Tax commissioner
Man attempts to rob gun store with baseball bat.
New docudrama claims JFK was shot accidentally by 'hungover' secret service agent
Conservatives slammed for distributing flyer with 'fake Braille'
UK Government insist its "Illegal Immigrants Go Home" poster campaign is working
Ford | Rolling Stone 'Air rage tribe': Chinese cabin crew learn kung fu as mobs of 'unstable' passengers attack staff over flight delays
'Air rage tribe': Chinese cabin crew learn kung fu as mobs of 'unstable' passengers attack staff over flight delays
A New App Will Let You Share Your Leftovers With Strangers
Man Attempts To Rob a Gun Store... With a Baseball Bat
Man Opens Nazi Cafe, Baffled that It Pisses People Off
Football Games Have 11 Minutes of Action
Fox Anchor Wonders If Moon Volcanoes Mean Global Warming Isn't Happening
Teens savagely attacked by wild river otter describe it as a scene out of 'Jaws'
Family Reels After Married Dad Vanishes for 16 Years, Reappears Gay
Floating tea bags brewing ghost fears at Whitstable Nutrition Centre
Detroit Cops Arrested For Robbing Drivers At Gunpoint
12-Year-Old Girl Busted for Writing Bad Checks to Buy $3,000 Worth of Candy
California Cop Who Pepper-Sprayed Students Claims Psychiatric Damage
'Fifty Shades effect' blamed for British handcuff mishaps
Rick Santorum Files for Divorce, Blames the Gays for Ruining His Marriage
Pope Francis On Gays: Who Am I To Judge Them?
In shift of tone, Pope Francis reaches out to gays, says he won't judge gay priests
Terrelle Pryor said he never knew how to throw a football before this offseason
BBC News - Eve players stage giant online space battle
Rick Santorum files for divorce, blames gay marriage
US town makes gun ownership mandatory
Congressional Black Caucus recommends Sheila Jackson Lee for Homeland Security Secretary
Girl kicked out of Sumner camp because of kiss
Found guilty of the worst bowel movement ever
Former PA Senator Rick Santorum Files for Divorce, Blames the Gays
Microsoft accuses Microsoft of copyright infringement, asks Google to scrub search links
Twitter troll's u-turn after users threaten to tell his mum
Pro-Marijuana Ad Pulled At Weekend NASCAR Race To Avoid Upsetting 'Family' Atmosphere
Men should be allowed sex slaves and female prisoners could do the job - and all this from a WOMAN politician from Kuwait
Moscow Metro says new tracking system is to find stolen phones; no one believes them
"Fake Cops" Robbing Detroit Citizens At Gunpoint Turn Out To Be Real Cops Robbing Citizens At Gunpoint
Men Busted For Pizza Assaults On Their Girlfriends
Mitt Romney's Incredible 47-Percent Denial: "Actually, I Didn't Say That"
Louisiana Sheriff Claims He Didn't Know Anti-Sodomy Laws Weren't Valid Anymore
Hoboken fights steady stream of public urination
MAN REQUESTS BROWNS PALLBEARERS SO TEAM CAN 'LET HIM DOWN ONE MORE TIME'
Firefighters Blame '50 Shades Of Grey' For 79 Callouts Involving Handcuffs
Ku Klux Klan: Our neighborhood watch program is "not racist"
Kuwaiti female politician: Men should be allowed sex slaves and female prisoners could do the job
Mitt Romney on his 47 percent comment: 'Actually, I didn't say that'
Usain Bolt urges Prince William not to raise his son as an Aston Villa F.C. supporter
Family Not Terribly Freaked Out When 7-Foot-Tall KFC Bucket Ends Up In Front Yard
Detroit-area cops accused of robbery
Game players fight giant space war
Greek monks hurl petrol bombs at bailiffs
"Her Nether Regions" - ABC SpokesMom fails to Grok Lady Gaga's Art.
Rick Santorum Files for Divorce, Blames the Gays
Man Goes to Jail for Catastrophic Diarrhea
Man armed with baseball bat tries to rob gun store
Ham on the lam: Guinea hog on way to slaughter escapes to Aroostook County woods | BDN Maine mobile from the Bangor Daily News
Labor Abuse Report Claims Apple Supplier Is Making Budget iPhone
Fox Considering An All-'Simpsons' TV Channel
Mass gay wedding in San Bernardino called off when no one shows
The greatest food in human history
Russia to ban swearing on the internet
Media & many people panic over buoy 350 miles from the North Pole, never bother to check where it is
Alleged Central Park Attempted Rapist: It Was a Joke!
Did the Media Just Prove North Pole Is NOT Melting?
NYC allows doctors to prescribe fresh fruit and vegetables as treatment for obesity; FDA declares veggies 'unapproved drugs'
America's Dumbest Banks: Bank Repos Wrong House, Destroys Contents, Then Refuses To Pay Owner's Losses
Scientists Seek to Rein In Diagnoses of Cancer by Changing the Definition of Cancer
Vatican Quickly Performs Damage Control On Pope's Tolerant Remarks
Galveston seaman wants $5.5M after blowtorch accident injures testicle
Killing babies no different from abortion, experts say
Baseball team has $1 hotdog night to make fun of Anthony Wiener. "The team says fans also can enter a contest by tweeting photos during the game showing how they are enjoying their hot dogs."
Poll: 78 Percent of Young Women Approve of Weiner
Seinfeld Bests Kardashians as U.S. Recalculates GDP
Putrid North Korean Ship is Now Becoming a Giant Beehive
Man stops karaoke in north Queensland with shovel
Man looks for missing cat, finds 'UFO' instead | MNN
Real-Life Griswold Family Builds Truckster Station Wagon & Drives to Walt Disney World
Woman Accused of Assault on Garbage Man - 'I drive a Range Rover,' she says
Taylor Swift Fans Are Sending Death Threats Over a Tank Top Listing Her Ex-Boyfriends
Do try not to get your penis stuck in a toaster. A message from the fire brigade.
Number of people trapped in household objects on rise in U.K.
DOGTV, A Channel Designed Specifically For Dogs, Will Play 24/7 Soothing Content
New teeth grown from urine
Shielded Seats Help Students Avoid Embarrassment When Eating Alone
Firefighters blame Fifty Shades for rise in handcuff related call-outs
Woman gets stranded in Georgia, gives away children to stranger in search to meet "Walking Dead" actor
Gov. Perry Unable to Find Vagina on Anatomical Doll
Activists Apologize for Accidental Death of Group Leader
Guantanamo prisoners clamor for 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
Scientists grow human tooth using stem cells taken from urine
BMW's New Electric Car Is Just Like a Tesla, Only Much, Much Worse
Police: Man on mushrooms grabbed officer's gun, fired shot
Surprised firefighters encounter house full of venomous snakes
HITLERS WERE COUNTY PIONEERS
Twitter CEO commits NCAA violation on Twitter in welcoming Michigan recruit
Ark. district arming more than 20 teachers, staff
Dog eats paralyzed man's testicle
"Fake Cops" robbing Detroit citizens at gunpoint turn out to be real cops robbing Detroit citizens at gunpoint
Game of Thrones Actor Gets Stabbed in Bar Fight, Orders Another Drink
Crowdfunding Reaches Its Terrible, Glorious Climax With 'Smart Vibrator' Vibease
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his disgusting fangirls
Family Finds Giant Bucket of Chicken In Yard
New Hampshire lawmaker duped by satirical post on bestiality outbreak
Singing 'Happy Birthday' makes the cake taste better, new study says
Opium-eating wallabies get high, make crop circles
Gitmo detainees request 50 Shades of Grey more often than the Koran.
Armed robbers allegedly steal cash, phone, chicken wings from Muskegon delivery man
Artist makes statement in Crisco after Detroit bankruptcy filing
Ryanair tells pilots to fly slower to save fuel
Exploding Samsung Galaxy S4 Allegedly Starts Fire, Destroys House
Cop Who Pepper-Sprayed UC Davis Students Seeks Workers Comp
New Zealand pushing plans to drill Middle-earth as Hobbit filming ends
New at ArtPrize 2013 - Internet Cat Videos!
As 2014 looms, GOP using Weiner as weapon against Bill Clinton
Pope Now More Progressive On Gays Than Virginia's GOP Nominee For Governor
A-Rod wants to be a 'role model'
It's a girl! Pakistani game show gives away babies as prizes
Amanda Bynes' Parents Say She's Homeless And Paranoid, Blew $1.2 Million
Man shot in driveway trying to get cigarette.
Kenyan lawyer on quixotic quest to nullify trial of Jesus
Is TMZ the Future of Local News?
Kenyan lawyer takes State of Israel, Jews to Hague over Jesus' death
Happy ending for abused donkey
GOP using weiner against Bill Clinton
Bachmann says Americans worried about "rise of the Soviet Union"
NC governor McCrory gives abortion law protesters cookies
Pizza hut removes salad bars in China after 'one-trip rule' results in sneaky salad towers
Rand Paul: Christie is the 'king of bacon' on government spending
Police: Escaped suspect drives home with hands cuffed behind back
Police: SETX woman married boyfriend illegally while in coma
Breast therapist's career boob
Scalia offers to help Pope judge gays
Zach Randolph Drops 89 at Local YMCA Pool
Robots Put Sign Spinners Out of Work
In a Surprising Twist, Robin Thicke Is Now Convinced He's Starting a "Feminist Movement"
Rand Paul: Chris Christie 'is the king of bacon'
Judge tells Australians, 'It's ok to tell cops to f*ck off'
Chicago: Police impersonators pull over off duty cop
Farting boyfriend causes neighbors to call police
Russian leaders propose ban on online swearing
Russia to ban foul language on social networks and discussion boards
North Carolina Governor Delivers Plate of Cookies to Abortion Bill Protestors
Woman posts food to Pinterest.
Pakistan game show gives away abandoned babies to boost ratings
Ahmadinejad Granted License to Start University
German mother gives birth to 13 pound 2 foot baby... Vaginally
Dallas Cowboy misses a day of practice because of a Jolly Rancher
Couple's house demolished when they were at work; property looted; police watches on
California porn maker to stop Ben & Jerry's spoofs
Naked bike riders have a strong message of ... sorry what were we saying?
German woman gives birth to 13 pound 2 foot baby... Vaginally
EasyJet apologises after telling passengers their flight was delayed for 86 years
Thousands of bees attack Texas couple, kill Miniature horses
Nintendo fans want Reggie Fils-Aime in Super Smash Bros.
Pakistani game show giving away babies as prizes
Family goes bankrupt after blowing their $100,000 savings on Beanie Babies they thought would become valuable
The Problem With Medals at the World Games
The Scottish police force has apologised for a tweet sent during a News debate about abusive messages on Twitter.
France's gayest homophobes strike again
NC Governor gives women protesting abortion law a plate of cookies.
German guardsmen growing mono-boobs from drilling with Nazi-era rifles
TV show gives away babies
An American tourist was allegedly stabbed to death by three Thai musicians after he refused to stop singing at a bar in a popular tourist resort
Turtle hidden in burger in wild smuggling tactic
TAKING ON BIG PANDA Is it time for the world to stop funding China's Panda Industrial Complex?
Weiner campaign comes out swinging
North Korea Claims to Have Nuclear Suicide Bombers
Thumbells to Build Stronger Texting Thumbs
What Jenny McCarthy and the Taliban Have in Common
All TripAdvisor reviews written by same weird man
Dog eats paralyzed man's testicles
American tourist killed in Thai beach town after refusing to stop singing with bar's band
Catcher Restrains Umpire From Charging The Mound
Zynga sues sex app maker over Bang With Friends name
Who am I to judge the Pope, says gay man
Al Qaeda posting feel-good videos, holding ice cream eating contests, tugs of war
Chicago Tribune Accidentally Publishes a Placeholder Cat Photo on Front Page
Weiner Communications Director Fires Back At 'Slutbag' Campaign Intern, Shoots Self In Foot
Barry Church injured by cherry Jolly Rancher
Cayman Islanders urged to eat venomous fish invader
Stroke left patient feeling orgasmic when listening to James Bond theme music
Redheads Set for Extinction
Syrian Rebels Issue Fatwa Against Croissants - But Not Because They're Fattening
Rare condition makes James Bond theme music 'orgasmic' for man who suffered stroke
American tourist killed in Thailand after crashing bar band's set; became angry when they played "Hotel California"
American tourist killed in Thailand after crashing bar band's set
Woman dies after injecting hot beef fat into her face
Essex school bans triangular flapjacks after injury
Finger lickin' tortoise denied boarding in China
Record-breaking 13-pound German baby almost heavy enough to be American
"Drinking cow" sparks firefighter call out
NFL Pro Bowl to be played like a gym class with team captains picking players
Giant KFC bucket appears in front yard in Waynesboro, Georgia
US student 'abandoned' in San Diego jail gets $4m in compensation
Child banned from school trip for eating chocolate
Which Can Of Shaving Cream Should I Buy? A Surprisingly Complex Analysis
Belarusian president boasts of bigger fish than Putin's
Buffalo Man Caught Drinking Beer at Road Check
American Tourist Killed by Karaoke Band for Refusing to Stop Singing
German man faces flat eviction for smoking
Rapper's Lyrics Lead To His Own Arrest In Double Homicide Case
Kenyan lawyer petitions world court in The Hague to nullify Jesus' conviction
Little restraint in military giveaways
Aleppo rebel religious committee forbids 'colonial' croissants
Lawyer wants to win re-trial of Jesus
MasterChef finalist arrested after going on university campus rampage 'claiming Gordon Ramsay had possessed him'
Stray dog taken in by paralyzed man eats new owner's testicle
Man with 132 lb scrotum gets TLC show
'Zombies' complain 5K Zombie Run in Denver too violent
Testicles Squeezed to Death
California teen allegedly held in box on pot farm
Missouri rancher suspects aliens mutilated her cows
Electricity company sends letter to lamp post threatening to cut power off, the neighbour "went down to the light and knocked on the door to see if they wanted their mail, but no-one came out."
UK Phone Carrier O2 Announces Thumbells for Building Stronger Texting Thumbs
George Zimmerman armed when stopped for speeding in Texas and released with a warning.
There are no fat people in Paris (x post TrueReddit)
Fair strips KKK photo of blue ribbon
Falling dentures spoil bride's plan to pass drugs to jailed groom with a kiss
George Zimmerman Stopped for Speeding, Has Gun
Three men steal $430 worth of candy in Winter Haven
Onion accurately predicts GOP opposition to anti-asteroid initiative
Man tries to smuggle turtle onto plane by hiding it in a hamburger
Cowboys' Barry Church Misses Practice After Chipping Tooth on Jolly Rancher
TLC to Air '132 Pound Scrotum' Special
Man Takes Own Life After Being Ignored by Smartphone-Obsessed Grandkids
Russian lawmaker: We will arrest gay athletes, tourists at Olympic Games
Zynga sues 'Bang with Friends' sex app for trademark violation
New teeth grown from urine : nottheonion
Dog eats paralysed man's testicle while he sleeps.
Bloomberg presses for ban of sparklers using terrorism as the reason
Armed agents raid animal shelter for baby deer
10 Year Old Saves 3 Lives at 60MPH, Credits Mario Kart (x-post from r/gaming)
KFC 7-foot bucket mysteriously appears in yard
Chris to Kristin - The elite US Navy Seal now living as a woman
New York Councillor: 'We Have A War On Pigeon Poop'
Who's Built a Better Search: the NSA or Facebook?
Dog Eats Paralyzed Man's Testicle As He Sleeps
Assad's alternate universe: Syrian president joins Instagram, manages to erase almost all traces of civil war
Swedish serial killer who raped and ate his victims to be freed - because he made it all up
Lawer sues Italy, Israel and Pontius Pilate for wrongful crucifixion of Jesus.
Lawyer files petition at the International Court of Justice in The Hague to challenge the unfair trial of Jesus Christ
A piece of Jesus' cross? Relics unearthed in Turkey
Man Steals Road in Russia
'Why Didn't They Zoom In!?' New Viral Video MIGHT Show Bigfoot
Texan fatally stabbed after karaoke dispute in Thailand
Saggy pants may have contributed to mans fall
US intelligence leaker Snowden leaves Moscow airport
Panthers Doing Best to Limit Tackling
Queens City Councilman: 'We Have A War On Pigeon Poop'
Graphic Anti-Smoking Warnings Change Cigarette Taste
Ice cream and fizzy drinks avert mass chimpanzee escape bid at Twycross Zoo
Sports Radio Host Mike Francesa Cuts Off Marriage Proposal Caller To Talk About A-Rod
One Direction Singer Louis Tomlinson has signed for professional football (soccer) team Doncaster Rovers.
Drunkest D.C. Intern Ever Loses Shoe While Stalking Paul Ryan
Apple's Next iPad Mini Will Likely Have 'Retina' Display From Samsung
Al Sharpton: 'Some People Exploiting Differences Between Us for Their Own Advantage'
Christian Publisher Removes Loch Ness Monster From Biology Textbook
Fisherman crawls inside shark and puts a knife between its eyes
Reader's Digest Mistakenly Credited Shaquille O'Neal With a Famous Quotation by Aristotle
Mutilated Cows Found at Missouri Farm, Police Not Ruling Out the Possibility of Aliens
Reader's Digest mistakenly credited Shaquille O'Neal with a very famous Aristotle quote
The World's Most Homoerotic Homophobes Are Now Mounting a Giant Pole in Tiny Pink Shorts
Man tries to smuggle turtle onto plane by disguising it as a hamburger
BBC apologises for broadcasting picture of Prince William with penis drawn on his head
'Thank You, Jesus!': One of the World's Most Famous Porn Stars Finds God, Leaves the Sex Industry
Plot twist: Imagine if Snowden were openly homosexual
Michael Cera Might Just Be the Most Interesting Actor of His Generation
TLC gives show to man with enormous scrotum
Two police officers accused in Detroit robbery, assault
Giant Kentucky Fried Chicken bucket left on tenant's lawn
Iran unveils finger amputating machine for use on thieves
KFC Is Sending Fried Chicken To A Family Who Woke Up With A 7ft Tall Empty Bucket In Their Yard
Syrian rebel fatwa bans croissants as a symbol of Western colonial oppression
Nobody held accountable for crimes Manning revealed, except himself
Yale Officially Declares "Nonconsensual Sex" Not That Big A Deal
12-Year-Old Robs 10-Year-Old's Lemonade Stand At BB Gunpoint
Thank Republicans for Gay Marriage in Minnesota
Google 'Pressure Cookers' and 'Backpacks,' Get a Visit from the Cops - Philip Bump
Christian extremists held an "ex-gay" event in Washington DC and were expecting "thousands of ex-gays" to attend. Fewer than 10 showed up.
'I'm a Pastafarian': Man who claims his religion forces him to wear a sieve on his head given permission to wear one on his official identity card picture
Penis-Headed Prince William Forces Apology From BBC
Man Who Calls Himself A "Pastafarian" Permitted To Wear A Sieve On His Head In Official ID Photo
After Signing Abortion Bill, North Carolina Governor Delivers Cookies To Women's Health Protesters
Google 'Pressure Cookers' and 'Backpacks,' Get a Visit from the Cops
Texas prison system running out of execution drug
Gang of feral cats attacks woman and her dog in France
BBC sorry for showing Prince William 'penis' doodle
Pawnee, Indiana, to get significantly less good-looking.
Is Sitting the New Smoking?
What may be the world's first cybernetic hate crime unfolds in French McDonald's [x-post /r/todayilearned]
Rapper Charged with Murder After Bragging About Homicide in Song
Man repays insurance money with 4 tons of coins: Associated Press Business News
Chinese man tries to board plane with pet turtle disguised as hamburger
Police raid animal shelter because of a baby deer.
Saucier woman drives to Georgia looking for 'The Walking Dead' actor.
Ke$Ha: 'I was born with a tail'
Dead shark found in front of a pub
Man calls 911 to report McDonald's got his order wrong
Jimmy McMillan: Anthony Weiner for mayor
University of Canterbury: Concern about angry faces on LEGO mini-figures
Meridian Energy Sends Letter To Lamp-Post
American tourist stabbed to death after refusing to stop singing with band in Thailand bar
Retired AC-130 now carpet-bombs seeds at 3000 per minute
Don't boycott our vodka, you've got the wrong country, say gay Latvians
Israel uses Facebook 'likes' to convict Palestinian student
LGBT Activists Start Dildo-Mailing Campaign to Irritate Vladimir Putin
Man calls 911 because he didn't get his 7th McDouble on his McDonalds order, gets arrested.
Man tries to hide turtle in burger to sneak it past airport security
Internet Cat Video Festival will be a part of ArtPrize 2013 in Grand Rapids
Shots were fired during a prayer vigil ...., which was being held to remember a pair of shooting victims.
Shots fired during prayer vigil remembering shooting victims.
Megastore for Thai Monks Brings One-Stop Retail to Buddhism
Bankrupt By Beanies, A Documentary About One Family's $100,000 Obsession With Beanie Babies
Aerial bombardment to reforest the earth
Guy's a sick bastard but seriously, a pit bull? That takes cojones.
TV show giving away babies as prizes.
American family raided after searching backpacks and pressure cookers on Google
In New Video Game, China Seizes Disputed Islands From Japan
14-Year-Old Girl Defends Women's Rights, is Labeled a Whore
Study: As climate change surges, more people will TRY TO KILL YOU
North Carolina Governor Stops Pro-Abortion Protest By Giving Protestors a Plate of Cookies
Yao Ming is really tall
Former homosexuals demand recognition, equal rights during D.C. rally
Ashes-in-a-bottle widow lets husband see the world
Fake CIA agent arrested at movie premiere "Red 2"
Man Arrested After Posing as a CIA Agent at a "Red 2" Movie Premiere
Czech Man Wears Pasta Strainer on Head in ID Card for "Religious" Reasons
Rihanna wants to save wolves
Power Company Sends Threatening Letter To Street Lamp
Dick Van Dyke Finally Confesses To Zodiac Killings
Clients drop $180 for bird poop facials at NYC spa
Texas 'running out' of execution drug pentobarbital
13 Wisconsin officials raid animal shelter to kill baby deer named Giggles
Nation's busiest death penalty state running out of lethal drug; no replacement found yet
New York woman visited by police after researching pressure cookers online
BBC News - Abandoned babies given away on Pakistani TV programme
Man who claims his religion forces him to wear a sieve on his head given permission to wear one on his official identity card picture
The Supreme Court will soon decide if CEOs can impose their religious convictions on the people who work for them.
Baby Boy Born in L'Enfant Plaza, a DC Metro Station whose name is French for "The Child"
Man fleeing officers unknowingly tries hiding in St. Louis County police headquarters
Bird poop facials offered by New York spa
Two Adults Broke Into a High School to Have Sex . . . So the Woman's Boyfriend Wouldn't Find Out
Police fine man $147 for sitting under tree
Better Wi-Fi at Starbucks Undoubtedly Means Even Worse Amateur Screenplays
Thirteen Agents 'Armed To The Teeth' Raid No-Kill Animal Shelter & Kill Rescued Baby Deer One Day Before It Was To Be Transferred To Wildlife Reserve
Why can't women time travel?
Texas Running Out of Execution Drug
Online search for a pressure cooker leads to a visit from the police
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad joins Instagram
Florida Man Can't Stop Having Sex With Dogs
Seattle Bans 'Brown Bag' and 'Citizen' from City Government Use Because They're Racist, or Something
New Ky. science standards called 'atheistic,' 'fascist'
Gay Latvians Want Gay People To Stop Boycotting Stoli
Bird poop facials cost clients $180 at NYC spa
Beware new teen trend: The Thigh Gap
Disabled man loses virginity to sex worker
CrowdFlower is looking for a Senior Frontend Engineer. Words With Friends, Indeed: Zynga Sues Facebook Matchmaking App Bang With Friends
Words With Friends, Indeed: Zynga Sues Facebook Matchmaking App Bang With Friends
Kentucky School Prayer Petition Links Prayer Ban With AIDS Epidemic
Mom Tries to Get Her Son Laid With Craigslist Ad
Local Fox Affiliate Asks The City Of Detroit To Explain Elaborate Fisting Joke
Wisconsin police officials storm animal shelter to kill baby deer
'Space Vikings' Spark NASA Inquiry
Woman tricked into buying 2 actual apples she thought were iPhones
Rich old man at Irish horse race wipes sweaty face with €50 note on live TV news.
Scammer Sells iPhone Boxes With Actual Apples In Them
Mexico And Canada Declared Part Of US Homeland By Senate Maps
Seattle Bans the Word "Citizen" Because it Might Offend Non-Citizens
Ohio Man Calls 911 Over Beer Dispute, Hits On Female Operator And Seeks Her Digits
Police: Boy, 12, Robs Lemonade Stand With BB-Gun In Pennsylvania
Fewer than ten show up for ex-gay pride event that expected to draw 'thousands' at the Supreme Court
Fewer than ten show up for ex-gay pride event that expected to draw 'thousands' Court
Fewer than ten show up for ex-gay pride event that expected to draw 'thousands'
Police say man exposed genitals when asked if he had a weapon
Vulnerability in bluetooth-enabled toilet allows hackers to remotely flush and open/close the lid
Kenyan lawyer suing Israel for killing Jesus
Medal typo raises eyes at Cali World Games (or Word Games)
School pupil expelled for photo of genitals in teacher's mug [x-post from /r/JusticePorn]
Babies given away on Pakistani talk show
Brooklyn singer attacked by raccoons - not muggers - in Central Park
Invisible man in Fort Pierce prefers his stolen cigarettes mentholated
Weiner says he is '100 percent not' sexting anyone right now
Anthony Weiner: I'm "100 Percent Not" Sexting Right Now, Deleted Everything from Past Affairs
Jeanine Molloff: HR 347 'Trespass Bill' Criminalizes Protest
Man claims carnival game was scam after losing $2K, winning large banana
Woman tries to buy two Apple iPhones online, ends up with actual edible apples
Child expelled for dipping balls in teachers mug.
Geraldo Ramos Passes Out Drunk, Wakes Up With No Penis
Freshman Starts 'White Student Union' Club at Georgia State University
O.C. deputy charged with pepper spraying teen's pizza
New York spa offers bird feces facials for $180
Clients drop $180 for bird feces facials at N.Y. spa
Anthony Weiner: I'm '100 Percent Not' In Online Relationships Right Now, 'I Deleted Everything'
No Importa La Edad o La Estatura Si Es Amor Verdadero El Resto Es Basura...
Axe Body Spray: Is It The Cure For Gayness?
Senator Obama warned about Patriot Act abuses. President Obama proved him right.
Dead shark mysteriously appears outside Nantucket pub
[Video] A dozen armed agents raid animal shelter to execute captive baby deer
Russian man accused of stealing an entire road
Police: Man throws cat out window, punches woman Suspect apparently upset over lack of Internet service
Actors with fake guns bring police with real ones
Tim Allen demands to use the n-word
Plainclothes officers in trouble - didn't recognize off-duty chief
Justin Bieber rubs his junk all over a fans iPhone
Alabama state champion coach and AD fired for being a member of the wrong church
10-year-old saves family in errant car, credits Mario Kart
10-Year-Old Credits 'Mario Kart' For Helping Him Save His Grandma's Life
Bike rack time limit outrages Vancouver cyclist
Bills QB Kevin Kolb slips on rubber mat at training camp, hurts left knee
Smithsonian Wants Trayvon's Hoodie. They should put it next to Marion Berry's crack pipe, Monica's stained dress, and OJs glove
Smithsonian Wants Trayvon's Hoodie
Smithsonian Interested In Acquiring Trayvon's Hoodie For New Museum Exhibit
Christian Television Network Puppeteer Arrested For Kidnapping
Astronomers Discover Two Heavy Metal Stars
Woman fined $219 for not paying bus fare with exact change.
It Now Appears Possible to Hack a (Fancy, Japanese) Toilet
Lawyer sues Israel, Italy and Pontius Pilate for Jesus' crucifixion
Space Aliens: a Reason for Israel's Prisoner-Release Deal?
Japanese toilet users vulnerable to Bluetooth bidet assaults
Algeria: Public lunch protests mandatory fasting
Officials Say 'Brown Bag' And 'Citizen' Too Offensive For Use In Seattle
During the 2012 Aurora shooting, some people reported the shooting via tweets or text messaging, rather than calling the police.
Rise in violence 'linked to climate change'
French Anti-Gay Marriage Men, Stage Shirtless Homoerotic Protest
older video, TSA has begun inland operations randomly stopping vehicles on the HWY/I's and coercing citizens to report on each other. From 84 'operations' in its first 18~ months, to now over 8000 'operations' a year. For our 'safety' because Tim McVeigh.
Deputy pepper-sprayed teen's pizza
N.Y. village trying birth control to trim deer herd
Blind couple to marry after guide dogs fall in love
Large testicles may predict heart disease risk
How Do You Save the Northern Spotted Owl? Kill Off Other Owls
Justin Bieber shoves fan's iPhone down his pants onstage during concert
Pork-chop dispute ends with man fatally shooting roommate, cops say
Maricopa County Officials Say There's a "Bloody Diarrhea Outbreak"
Gay Russian Neo-Nazis Are Fighting And Fisting For Gay Rights
Guantanamo detainees can't get enough 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
Penis Jokes on the Cover of the New Yorker: A Complete History
Sheriffs Deputy Accused of Peppering-spraying pizza.
Texas Execution Drug Shortage: State running out of Pentobarbital
Chinese automaker looks to patent VW Taigun copy before original goes on sale
Seventy-First football player dies after practice
Families race to honor doctor who saved Joseph Smith's leg
Man dies after Biggleswade Asda parking fight
Gas Company Bans 7-Year-Old and 10-Year-Old From Discussing Fracking For The Rest of Their Lives
Don't park your bike in the bike rack, it's unprofessional.
Whirlwind wedding allows dying son to be best man for his parents
In Seattle, the terms "citizen" and "brown bag" are now offensive
The FBI Ran a Child Porn Site
Silicon Valley Tech Exec Guilty Of Stealing Legos From Target
Police: Man drove drunk in burning truck
Les Miles Explains Why He Doesn't Like The Way ESPN's Grass Tastes
Cannabis found among Newport street pot plants.
4-year-old mayor is re-elected in northern Minn.
A BEAR IN COLO. GRABS A DUMPSTER BIN AND ROLLS IT AWAY
Qantas Flight to Australia Becomes Poop Plane From Hell
Couple takes wrong car home from grocery store
Woman buys two iPhones for $1,300, gets only apples (really) | Technically Incorrect
Police: Man punched self, tried to blame neighbor
Man arrested after calling 911 over McDonald's order
There Was A Poop Plane In Australia
Rush Limbaugh reveals vast 'tech blogger' conspiracy against Apple, Republicans
Is this the worst hangover ever? Man, 64, wakes up without a penis after night of drinking... and the neighbours tell him a dog ate it
Korean woman fails driving test in seven seconds
Man Shot Trying to Stop Friend from Driving Drunk
Australian woman spends more than $1,300 for two iPhones, receives actual apples instead
Former Redneck Olympics under way in Maine
New Reality Show About Rich Pastors
Russia Wants To Put Madonna And Lady Gaga In Prison
Porn Star Andy San Dimas Kicked out of baseball game for dancing.
WW2 hero refuses medical care, so cops kill him in his nursing home
Porn Star gets kicked out of baseball game for dancing.
Porn Star kicked out of a baseball game for dancing.
Girl on a Dating Site Wanting to Have Sex on a Pile of $2000 Turns out to Be Two Men Who Want to Rob Rich Idiots. [x-post from r/Bayarea]
Chinese tourists appall North Koreans by throwing candy at their kids
Man saves dog from drowning, then wife
Woman has to wear colander on head to avoid seagull attacks.
Woman has to wear colander on head to protect against seagull attacks
Domestic help sends Facebook friend request to employers after robbing them of Rs 25 lakhs, caught
Snowden, Putin kiss on Brazilian journal's front page
Ashton Kutcher on portraying Steve Jobs: "I'd rather have someone that cared about him screw it up than someone who didn't."
Utah sheriff's deputy arrested for beating his father after 'catching him having sex with his wife in son's bedroom'
Bus-sized lump of fat discovered in London sewer
Rob Zombie Wants Noisy Kids to Quiet Down
Toilet controlled by a smartphone app is vulnerable to attack
BioShock's Rapture isn't the only place with under water strip clubs
Mayor of Hammerfest (Norway) tired of chasing out reindeer all by himself, states others should help.
Obama Photo Used As Target In Dart Game At Otsego County Fair
Britain's biggest ever 'fatberg' removed from a London sewer
Dart Game at Otsego County Fair Uses Obama Head as Target
Edinburgh redheads set for 'ginger rights' march
Social media howls after errant 't' spells loss on Jeopardy
King of Morocco launches investigation into the release of pedophile prisoner he pardoned.
Illegal buttocks injections kill, maim US women | wfaa.com Dallas
Morocco King Mohammed VI regrets pardoning Spanish pedophile
Police: Man drove 15 miles in flaming truck that had no front tires
A luxury toilet controlled by a smartphone app is vulnerable to attack, according to security experts.
Lab-grown burger tasted at event in London, said to require ketchup
4-Year-Old Re-Elected 'Mayor' Of Minnesota Town
Banker Bro Now Hiring Frat Dudes With Hot 'Slampieces'
Ref arrests postpone PSL tie
COPS: Largo puppeteer Ronald Brown wanted to 'cook' and 'eat' children
Al Qaeda weighs in on Gareth Bale Transfer Saga
Illegal buttocks injections kill, maim U.S. women
Minibus with corpse inside issued with parking ticket on Belfast street.
Mad Story: Al-Qaeda attack Spurs as being unscrupulous merchants & greedy Jews in Bale saga
Creationist museum in financial trouble, adding dragon exhibit and ziplines to draw crowds.
Smart Toilets Vulnerable to Hackers
Utah pageant winner accused of throwing bombs
Taunton Lloyds Bank customers stop machete-wielding raider
German Cops Seize 'Strangest-Looking Convertible' Pool Car
'Mens' rights' activist loses court case that called nightclub's $350 vodka a human rights violation
Woman tries to buy Apple phones online, pays $1200 for fruit
Chris Rock gave terminally ill teen a copy of Pamela Anderson's sex tape
Children given lifelong ban on talking about fracking
Naval Academy uses Legos to teach weapons systems
Woman on the Internet Who Wants to Have Sex on a Pile of $2000 Turns out to be Two Thieves Who Rob Rich Men.
Obesity link found in 5-year-olds who drink daily soda
Anthony Weiner talked Politics during Phone Sex
Rep. Ted Yoho: Tanning tax is a racist tax against white people
South Korean woman driver flips her car onto its roof just 10 seconds into a driving lesson
GOP upset a news network would indirectly support a political campaign - Reported on FOX
Beauty queen arrested for throwing bombs from car window
US court: Pennsylvania school can't ban 'boobies' bracelets
Mother Wants 'Pornographic' Diary of Anne Frank Pulled from School
The Hackable Japanese Toilet Comes With An App To Track Poop
Woman sues restaurant after winning a toy yoda instead of a Toyota
Tottenham threatened by Al Qaeda over Gareth Bale deal
Staten Island man offers girlfriend's newborn on Craigslist for $100 because she wasn't paying enough attention to him
Taxes used Investigating if Taxes were used in a Space Viking Shoot
Hipsters are killing American razor sales- MSN Money
PepsiCo Says It Will Halt Use of Aborted Fetal Cells in Flavor Research
Iran executes homosexuals, but provides state funds for sex-change operations so that transsexuals can enter heterosexual relationships.
SF bank robber claims she is Jesus but her satan tattoo gives her away
Hipsters are killing America's razor sales
No Tax Dollars Went To Make This Space Viking Photo
World's first artificially grown beef patty "not that juicy" says taste tester
People Are Boycotting Shark Week Because Of A Fake Documentary About A Giant Shark
Republicans Won't Stop Trying to Name Ocean Waters After Ronald Reagan
Man arrested after calling 911 to report wrong McDonald's order
'Robin Hoods' who feed parking meters are hit with lawsuit in New Hampshire
Rectums and penises back on menu but quality still an issue
Mars Curiosity rover sings 'Happy Birthday' to itself
Man Calls 911 About McDonald's Order
Weight Watchers demonstrator accused of shoplifting cupcakes at Port St. Lucie Publix
Stevenson man accused of blowing up his dog
Election officials catch dead man donating $100,000 to Sen. Mitch McConnell
Furore over Pak[istani] TV quiz show host gifting orphan baby to childless couple
Chinese man fakes death after being beaten by officials, crowd of 300 form around "corpse" demanding compensation. Man surprises all by breaking character for drink of water due to scorching heat.
Taylor Swift admits she's only interested in relationships she could write songs about.
Stephen King's latest horror tale: The future of the global economy
Anthony Weiner attacked by goat
Cannabis found among towns pot plants.
Andy Warhol's grave is now streaming online 24/7
Kenyan lawyer looks to sue Israel over Jesus' death
A 'vasectomy' and other secrets behind Disney's 'Planes'
Finally! A dating website for gluten free singles!
Man Loses Arm in Freak Homemade Guillotine Accident
Woman paid $1500 for two iPhones that were actually apples.
US criticises Vietnam internet control law
REPORT: Woman sends text claiming she sexually assaulted 8-month-old child
I'm a guy again! ABC newsman who switched genders wants to switch back
'I ❤ Head' Campaign Signs Being Stolen in Phoenix
Twist and doubt: Brawny baseball fan can't open water bottle
Mind the fat: huge blob of it found in UK sewer
Sex Atop Huge Pile of Money Plan Goes Awry [NSFW]
Maine conservative Senate candidate defends 'flamboyantly prancing around in his underwear' in YouTube video
Pat Robertson: Video Game Murder Basically Like Killing Someone in Real Life
Immigration Reform Will Literally Be The End of The World
Two Children Attacked And Killed By Escaped Python
North Koreans to Chinese Visitors: Please Stop Throwing Candy at Our Children
'Ghost thieves' spook Stockholm tourists
NY man tried to sell date's baby online, police say
Lonely Curiosity rover sings 'Happy Birthday' to itself on Mars
Nessie cut from creationism
A Sad Day for the French Language: Le Binge Drinking Gets Its Own Word
Are these women too pretty to be "real" engineers?
LinkedIn pulls tech company ads over complaints women engineer was too attractive
Liz Cheney Received Wyoming Fishing License Despite Incorrect Application Information
Paedophile spared jail because his 13-year-old victim looked older and was a sexual 'predator and was egging him on'
At 'Hunger Games' camp, children want to fight to the 'death'
Virginia moves forward with plan to sell air
'Mantracker' riding partner shot, wounded by RCMP
Cardboard officer cuts crime at Mass. subway stop
Amazon Founder Says He Clicked on Washington Post by Mistake
Transgender Don Ennis Has Second Thoughts
Al Roker oversleeps, misses early show
'Pipe Bomb' Detonated at 4:20 PM is Full of Marijuana
Boston-area priest busted with a prostitute in a graveyard
Bradford City mascot steps down as he is no longer fat enough
Rare 2012 ATV, Low Mileage: Calculating Curiosity Rover's Blue Book Value
Snake kills 2 N.B. boys after escaping store
Texas Police Pull Over Three Women And Search Their Vaginas For Marijuana
'You're In Louisiana!': Rick Perry Corrected By Crowd After Saying He's In Florida
Amazon founder says he bought Washington Post on accident
Autopsies planned for boys, 5 and 7, apparently strangled by 15-foot snake
ABC newsman Don Ennis says he's no longer a woman after transgender 'misdiagnosis'
Costa Rica To Close Its Zoos And Release Animals Into The Wild
Would you download a car? Man 3D prints life-size Aston Martin DB4
DEA Destroys Your Right to a Fair Trial
Spider infestation delays five flights out of KCI
Python killing of 2 New Brunswick boys baffles experts - Canada
Ukip MEP Godfrey Bloom criticises aid to 'bongo bongo land'
'The Man With the 132 Lb. Scrotum': TLC's Lowest Show Yet?
SMTH: New smartphone app tests how high you can throw your phone in the air (yes, seriously)
New York man, 22, 'tries to sell girlfriend's baby online' because partner 'wasn't paying him enough attention'
Brilliant Idea: Smartphone "Game" Challenges You To Throw Your Phone As High As Pos
Brilliant Idea: Smartphone "Game" Challenges You To Throw Your Phone As High As Possible
ESPN reports Japanese little leaguer's favorite band as "Wandai Wrection."
Photocopiers made by Xerox are changing numbers on documents, a German computer scientist has discovered.
Among CIA museum's prizes, an American love letter on Hitler's stationery
Disney grants man $8,000 after ride malfunction forces him to listen to It's a Small World for 30 minutes
Judge agrees to reduce maximum sentence for Manning to 90 years
Qataris given "rest of the year off" for Eid
Amazon.com CEO Jeff Bezos is outraged after he accidentally purchased The Washington Post for $250M online with his American Express
The photocopy that really is a fake: Machines have been altering numbers
Lesbian couple subjected to anti-gay abuse by boy dressed as a monkey.
I Went on a 'Make Your Own Cocaine' Tour in Colombia
American Tourist Breaks Finger Off 600-Year-Old Italian Statue
Congressman says Obamacare tanning tax is 'racist'
Turkish Prime Ministry Inspection Board cites 'telekinesis' as possible cause of mysterious suicides
Weiner to 69-year-old at AARP event: "What are you going to do about it, grandpa?"
Sexually Transmitted Demons a Menace Say Teen Exorcists
Tanana Valley State Fair Horse May Have Been Sexually Molested
Queensland MP, chair of Parliamentary ethics committee, steps aside over misusing parliamentary entitlements during an affair
Startled Ky. knife-wielder stabs self outside store
Rob Zombie complains of skate park noise in Connecticut
Luxury toilet users warned of hardware flaw.
Hipster beards blamed for poor razor sales
Accuweather.com offers 45 day forecasts
Over 33 Percent of Americans Verbally or Physically Abuse Their Computers
Law may finally be catching up with aviator-wearing fugitive Buddhist monk with penchant for Louis Vuitton luggage and private jets
Ute found buried in backyard five years after it was reported stolen.
Brooklyn Man Lives in a Dumpster, and It's Kind of Nice!
Man Who Blew Up Family Dog Won't Face Animal Cruelty Charges Because Dog Felt No Suffering
Cops nab poop man in action
George W. Bush Undergoes Heart Surgery
Hot Weather Is Becoming More Common in More Places
UKIP MEP 'Aid sent to Bongo Bongo Land spent on sunglassss and Ferraris.'
Obama: 'We Don't Have A Domestic Spying Program'
UKIP MEP 'Aid to Bong Bongo Land spent on sunglasses and Ferraris'
UK MEP 'Aid to Bongo Bongo Land spent on sunglasses and Ferraris.' (Xpost from r/racism)
Chris Brown Says He'll Quit Music After 'X,' Tired Of Being Famous For 'A Mistake'
Zoo keeper suspended after allegedly punching a seal
Al Qaeda Conference Call Intercepted by U.S. Officials Sparked Alerts
Lawyer trying to overturn Jesus Christ's death sentence
Get Off My Lawn! Rob Zombie Complains of Skate Park Noise In Connecticut
Online trolls goading commenters into angry off-topic dialogue
I Never Wear Underwear, Even on Public Transportation, Even When I Have My Period
I'm an elite athlete. Why did nobody offer me drugs?
University Professor Revealed To Have Killed Entire Family, Keeps Job And Support Of Many Students
Dog ate drunk man's genitalia while he slept
SC Man Charged With Smearing Buttered Toast on SUV
UK teen crowned world Microsoft Word 2007 champ
Homesick for prison, man robs county bank
A computer that writes sexist jokes has been developed by scientists.
Broad U.S. terror alert mystifies experts; 'It's crazy pants,' one says
Man shoots friend trying to prevent him from driving drunk
Razor sales are down: Blame the hairy hipsters - National News
Puppies Trapped In Tupperware Bin Rescued After Dramatic Los Angeles Car Chase
Stop saying 'bongo bongo land,' Ukip orders MEP Godfrey Bloom after gaffe
New Oculus Rift cover shooter is so realistic, players warned not to lean on virtual objects
A woman in Queensland, Australia forked out S$1,700 for two apples, thinking they were iPhones.
Roger Goodell's secret relocation plans
Chris Brown Says He'll Quit Music
Pat Robertson: Murder committed in video games is no different than real life murder
New app makes Google Glass a religious experience
Pastor fired for attending Rick Ross concert
Seemingly straight out of "The Cask of Amontillado" -- Man Locks Verizon Worker in Underground Vault
Deputies: Men making meth claim to be looking for ghosts
Man ordered to pay panhandler $8,000 for discrimination
STUDY: Watching Fox News Makes You Less Informed Than Watching No News At All
Indonesian plane crashes into cow and skids off runway
Plane hits cow, skids off runway in Indonesia
After reaching agreement Tuesday with Cowboys, former Jets G Brandon Moore has decided to retire.
Colorado voters will decide whether to issue drone-hunting licenses
Nurse rents out breasts for gay couples' babies
Geoffrey Miller Censured By University of New Mexico For Lying About Fat-Shaming Tweet
Yemen says it foiled Al Qaeda plot, but how? They don't have an NSA, TSA, or Homeland Security.
Rob Zombie Complains About Noise from Skate Park
Zookeeper at Bristol Zoo suspended for allegedly punching an American fur seal
Hotline set up for sex harassment reports against San Diego mayor
Soulja Boy gives 'shout out' to slave masters.
Scientists to begin making super strains of H7N9 bird flu, funded in part by US government
Bristol zoo investigates alleged punching of seal by keeper
ISU Offers Existing Students $1000 to Leave Dorms over Record Enrolment
LA Restaurant Has 45-Page Water Menu, Water Sommelier
Man charged with blowing up family dog
A Canadian university is offering a room full of puppies to help stressed-out students.
Oklahoma senator introduces bill to ban food made from human fetuses.
Obamacare exemption for the congress that voted for Obamacare in the first place
Conductor finds dead shark in NYC subway car
British teenager is crowned world champion of Microsoft Word
Yahoo! announces! plan! to! change! logo! 30! times! this! month!
After nearly 51 hours, Michigan man finishes 22-mile swim while hauling bricks. To Detroit.
Israeli Minister Tells Students: Stop Going to Law School
After signing with the Cowboys yesterday, Brandon Moore has decided to retire [xpost from r/NFL]
'To Catch A Predator' Chris Hansen Was Fired By NBC After 20 Years Because Of Extramarital Affairs
Judge calls victim, 13, a 'sexual predator': Outcry as 41-year-old man walks free after admitting sex with girl
Disgraced jew living in tenderloin halfway house
Plane Hits Cow, Skids Off Runway
Child Killed Because Parents Smoked Pot Handed Over to Convicted Pot Dealer
Seth Curry would love to play for hometown Charlotte Bobcats
Experiments reveal that crabs and lobsters feel pain
There's An Opening For Gang Bang Operator In Bloomington, Minnesota
Man savagely attacked boy for sighing during Dr Who
'Hunger Games'-Themed Camp Raises Concerns
Russian Man Changes Small Print In Credit Card Agreement, Then Sues
At 'Hunger Games' summer camp, kids fight to the 'death'
BBC News - Shark found on New York subway
China's Posts Execution Photos That Actually Came Fetish Porn Site
Shark found on New York subway
Creationist Just Criticized the Intelligent Design Movement for Not Being Christian Enough
Running out of dangerous Muslims to scapegoat an Ex-NSA chief calls transparency groups the next terrorists
Man jailed for vicious attack on four-year-old boy who sighed during Doctor Who episode
Pastor Fired For Attending Rap Concert
George Zimmerman Pulled Over in Texas with a Gun in the Car
Bradford City mascot loses his job because he is no longer fat enough
Generation Cool: Self-obsessed Millennials having so much fun
Popular North Korean Comedienne Sent to Work in Coal Mine Over Slip-up
Weiner calls 69-year-old opponent 'grandpa' at AARP mayoral forum
St. Paul Saints become St. Paul Aints in honor of Minnesota Atheists - Minneapolis - News
Ebony Magazine Lampoons Tea Party For Supposed Boycott Over Trayvon Covers
Australian federal candidate thinks Islam is a country and that they "follow haram".
Taco Bell to Unleash Breakfast Waffle Tacos at 100 Stores
One Nation candidate Stephanie Banister 'doesn't oppose Islam as a country'
"I don't oppose Islam as a country, but I do feel that their laws should not be welcome here in Australia".
Court Rules That To Be "Loaded," A Gun Has To Have Ammunition In It
Australian political candidate for Queensland doesn't oppose Islam as a country.
Navy Praises Blue Digital Uniforms After Two Sailors Lost At Sea
Man Saves His Dog from Sinking Yacht, Then Comes Back for Wife
Denver Toddler Hospitalized After Eating Pot Cookies
This Man Cost The U.S. Navy A Nuclear Submarine
'Rich Kids of Instagram' to Become a Reality TV Show
Lion Air Jet Greeted by Cows on Runway in Indonesia - Southeast Asia Real Time
Rob Zombie Complains About Noisy Skate Park
British party tells one of its politicians to stop referring to 'bongo bongo land'
Russian Man Arrested For Stealing Entire Road (xpost r/russia)
Russian Man Arrested For Stealing Entire Road
Turkey: Telepathy 'linked to deaths'
Man walking pet monkey kills neighbour in barmaid feud
Five hundred new fairytales discovered in Germany
The band Hanson has a beer, and it's really called Mmmhops
Passersby pray with Pa. turnpike crash victims before freeing them
Mother, daughter offer 2-for-1 sex deal in Boynton Beach, police say
MEDICAL WARNING OVER 'FUNKY CHICKEN'
Poll: Many Americans have no friends of another race
Syria: Al-Qaeda-linked group forbids Twitter trolls
The Builders of This Spanish Skyscraper Forgot the Elevator
Turkish ministry report suggests psychic assassins using telepathy could be responsible for 'mysterious' deaths of four young engineers
Russia: MP calls for law allowing gays to be whipped in public squares
Online game League of Legends star gets U.S. visa as pro athlete
Hikers Drown Minutes After Being Rescued
Women at the Urinal: Technology Has Now Allowed for Females to Stand and Deliver!
Bucharest Would Like to Remind You, Yet Again, That It Is Not Budapest
MSNBC has a negative impact on people's current events knowledge
2.58 Million People Still Pay For AOL Service
Kenya airport fire first responders looted banks, ABM
New rule: Record a fight at school, face a penalty
LeftoverSwap Is The Hot New App That Lets You Give Strangers Your Half-Eaten Sandwich
LeftoverSwap Allows You To Share Your Half-Eaten Dinner With Strangers
Man Steals Computer From Church, Asks If They'll Remove Porn Block
The Builders of this Skyscraper Forgot the Elevator
Malibu Parents Don't Want Tigers Moving In Next Door
McConnell's campaign manager: 'I'm sort of holdin' my nose for two years'
At Congressional Cemetery, goats eating up an acre of poison ivy
Chinese man spends 900k on lottery tickets loses home
Troopers seek public's help in finding Fairbanks horse molester
Bike Boom: Popularity of Cycling Leads to Overcrowding in Europe
Eliot Spitzer Draws a Comparison to Martin Luther King, Jr.
Time Warner CEO: 'Game Of Thrones' Setting Piracy Records Is 'Better Than An Emmy'
Pirate Party Reports IT Minister to the Police for Copyright Infringement
Is China's vast Web monitoring actually helping to grow democracy?
47-story Spanish skyscraper has no elevator
Obamacare Call Center Baits-and-Switches Workers Into Part-Time Jobs Without Health Coverage
Darius Slay thought Lambeau Field was 'like the car'
Burglars return stolen computers to nonprofit with heartfelt apology.
Feds give millions in contracts to firms owned by fictitious people
Ontario ombudsman outs Twitter troll attacking him over Sammy Yatim shooting as Durham police detective [X-Posted from /r/Toronto]
Greek premier promotes country as 'bastion of stability'
Middle East: Korean pop 'brings hope for peace'
Woman Stabs man, after man yelled at her for cutting him in the McDonalds Line.... We are so classy Florida
Kenyan lawyer seeks to nullify trial of Jesus
Anal sex created God, one could say after watching Isabelle Stoffel's monologue, The Surrender
Ten 'ninjas' arrested over claim to Malaysia throne
Hooking up, via Craigslist, in Afghanistan: Undercover agents crack down on solicitations and prostitution in the war zone
Serious Farce Office: SFO in biggest criminal data breach ever
Canadian minister's defence of gay rights 'offensive,' women's group says
Burglars Return Stolen Computers to Nonprofit - Along With Apology Note
Officials: New York man tried to sell baby on Craigslist
Miami man claims on Facebook he killed wife
Man charged in SC buttered toast attack on SUV
St. Paul Saints baseball team to become 'Mr. Paul Aints' on atheist night
Derek Medina Posts Photo Of Wife's Body, Murder Confession To Facebook
Forty Percent of White Americans Are Lying About Their 'Black Friend'
The amazing moustache that brings admiration - plus death threats, repeated moves, an end to his business... and hopefully a new beginning
Fox News Reports About Big Fox-News News-By Citing the Drudge Report
Incendiary reflection: Mirrors make you look happier than you are, so you buy stuff.
Thieves Return Stolen Computers To Sexual Assault Nonprofit And Offer A Heartfelt Apology
Chinese Government Bans Outdoor BBQs in Bid to Curb Beijing's Air Pollution
Why I Changed My Mind On Weed
Halfway Heroes, 'Near Veterans' Seek Recognition For Almost Serving In Military
Report claims telekinesis may have killed military engineers
Mayoral candidate proclaims to Black Caucus: 'I am the white guy'
Skippy, the guardian angel? Australian boy says kangaroo saved him during night lost in bush
Sky-high stuff up: 47 storeys, but no way up
Marijuana helps 5 year old with seizures.
Kenyan Lawyer Wants to Sue Italy and Israel For Killing Jesus
Suspicious man asking city residents if they want salad
'Sharknado 2: The Second One' revealed as the title for Syfy flick's sequel
Children rescued from sex trafficking could face charges for prostitution
Man who created own credit card sues bank for not sticking to terms
Rifle-wielding soldiers develop breasts
Chinese officials mistake porn film 'Lethal Injection' for American execution footage
Adults puzzled by Hollister store that keeps shoppers in the dark
Man kills wife, posts pic of body on Facebook
Oprah Winfrey 'victim of racism' in Switzerland: Billionaire told she can't afford expensive handbag
Pakistan business man kidnapped by Islamic militants because of 'un-Islamic' mustache
Sharknado Sequel Officially Titled Sharknado 2: The Second One
Linus Torvalds defends his right to shame Linux kernel developers
Excitement hope for Boring, Oregon, and Dull, Perthshire
Man Hides Loaded Gun in Buttocks, Then Helps Police Find It, They Say
Burglars Return Loot To Group That Helps Sex Assault Victims
Are Man Thinks his Beard Could Go National
Brooklyn Hipsters Now Literally Just Living in Filthy Dumpsters
Anthony Weiner tells British reporter, "It's hard to take you seriously...". Proceeds to compare interview to Monty Python, answer in a fake accent, and perform a mock weather report
Man Busted For Stealing Church Computer After Insistent Searches For Porn
Court: Drunken driver, passenger who hit pole can sue power company
North Carolina Pastor Fired For Attending Rick Ross Concert
NSA head says agency working to reduce leaks by replacing people with machines
Bacteria give lessons in investment economics
Ezra Levant upset government will not subsidize his rants against government subsidies [Canada]
Congressman Claims Widespread Fraud Because He Saw 'Physically Fit' Couple Use Food Stamps
Calif. Man: Doctor Diagnosed Me as Homosexual
Burglars Return Stolen Goods With Apology Note After Robbing Sexual Assault Support Center
Doctor Diagnoses Man As Gay in Routine Check Up
Florida man allegedly kills wife, posts photo of her body on Facebook
Swallowing Tiny Magnets Can Lead To Big Trouble For Kids
Venezuelan thieves stealing hair to sell as hair extensions
Seinfeld's co-creator thinks he has the makings of an NFL coordinator
Cyberterror threat stalks Japan's high-end toilet users
Eyewitness News: No end in sight for poo wars
NSA To Lay Off 90 Percent Of Its System Administrators
Crazed Tapir Mauls Toddler
Russia's UN ambassador: "We don't have anti-gay laws" [xpost/ainbow]
47-story skyscraper would be more user-friendly if it had an elevator
We're Bringing 1,100 Haikus To Mars This Fall
Rand Paul open to beer-delivering drones
Area man thinks his beard could go national
Man who posted photos of wife's body on Facebook, confessed to murdering her was a self-help author who specialized in 'saving marriages'
Boy, 10, saves family in speeding car, credits hours of Mario Kart experience
Rush Limbaugh: Maybe Oprah was denied handbag because she's "fat"
Australian politician resigns after alleged mistress shares selfie of his penis in a glass of red wine
10-year-old girl arrested for allegedly raping 4-year-old boy in apartment complex
DJ's fan thrilled to be smashed by cake at Toronto concert
City of Detroit found a $1 million check it forgot to cash.
PCSO seizes chocolate buttons after mistaking them for cannabis
Religious fundamentalism could soon be treated as mental illness
Kathleen Taylor, Neuroscientist, Says Religious Fundamentalism Could Be Treated As A Mental Illness
Detroit Lions' Norwegian rookie kicker Havard Rugland credits the Wu Tang Clan for his mastery of the English language. (X-Post from /r/HipHopHeads)
Press Corps Fails To Ask Any NSA Questions At Obama's NSA Press Conference
Passenger jet skids off runway after hitting cow
DPS reinstates trooper who conducted controversial body cavity search
European astronomers build "The European Extremely Large Telescope"
Bomb Attacks Kill Dozens of Mourners in Pakistan and Afghanistan
Bear breaks into home, eats Chinese food leftovers
LePage in fighter jet simulator: 'I want to find the Press Herald building and blow it up' | BDN Maine mobile | Bangor Daily News
Beauty queen in Utah charged with possessing bombs
Florida man bitten by shark also struck by lightning, bitten by rattlesnake
This Ohio Town Will Discriminate Against Minority Commuters Even If It Costs Them Millions
Wizard of Oz to be adapted into TV medical drama
Lauderhill cop accused of asking female driver to punch him in genitals
Man beats bank at its own game
California 2013- Patient diagnosed as Chronically Gay
Don't worry, NSA says-we only "touch" 1.6% of daily global Internet traffic
Fatal Fall Not From Sagging Pants
The Swiss prison guards agree that marijuana use among inmates is a good thing.
Robot Programmed To Fall In Love With Girl, Goes Too Far
SoCal Doctor Diagnoses Man as Gay, Patient Says
Why you should never attempt to kiss a shark - even a 'harmless' nurse shark
Sweden retail giant H&M 'sorry' for using deeply tanned model for swimsuit campaign
Man steals church computer, demands porn blocker be removed
I dread the day my daughter's poos get smaller
Einstein Likely Never Said One of His Most Oft-Quoted Phrases
Guy does to bank what banks usually do to other people
Apple Turns Tables Seeking U.S. Samsung Phone Sales Ban [X-POST from r/Android]
Man stabbed in rear during Riverview drive-thru dispute
$700k windfall: Russian man outwits bank with hand-written credit contract
NSA firing 90% of its sysadmins to eliminate potential Snowdens
Packers' Aaron Rodgers is talented at tossing footballs
High-Profile Silicon Valley Exec GUILTY of Mass Lego Theft
Science Committee Congressman: Global Warming a 'Fraud' to 'Create Global Government'
Not Funny: Joke Lands Comedian in North Korean Labor Camp
Burglars return stolen computers to nonprofit, leave apology note
Swedish men told to beware testicle-munching fish
NSA cutting 90% of sysadmin jobs to beef up security
PayPal accidentally make user richest man in the world after crediting account with $92 quadrillion
Obama awards Oprah Winfrey the nations highest civilian award, the Presidential Medal of Freedom
Birds living in cities are performing a type of "avian rap" while their rural counterparts are sticking to more traditional sounds
College student to cop: 'Of course I'm drunk, it's Thursday night in Iowa City'
Chris Brown suffers seizure, blames it on non-stop negativity
The real Elysium: Send your dead loved one into space for $2K
Funky monkeys make off with over 100 mobiles
Is a U.S. senator trolling Snowden's Wikipedia page?
Fake cop pulled over real cops
Man with distinctly unimpressive sideburns wins sideburns competition
Venezuelan Hair Thieves Attack Women with Long Hairs to Sell as Hair Extensions
Venezuela Hair Thieves Called Piranhas Boldly Stealing Women's Hair For Profit [Video]
Oprah told by Swiss sales assistant that handbag is too expensive for her to afford
Somalia: 'Women Carry Axes' for Safety At Mogadishu's Liido Beach
Why Didn't The Store Just Let Oprah Buy The $38,000 Handbag?
Glow: An iPhone App That Aims to Get You Pregnant
Couple Who Had a Lot of Oral Sex on Plane Could Face 90 Days in Jail
Thieves return goods and leave apology note at charity
Pedophile Claims To Be 'Sexologist,' Needs Virgins For Research Project
Gang stealing public water taps busted
Australian anti-immigration One Nation Party candidate Stephanie Banister quits after mistaking "Islam" for a country
Teenager killed as a golf club he threw on a bench bounced back and pierced his heart
Russia Invites U.S. To A 'Tank Biathlon'
A Boy Prays for Lightning to Strike His Family's Car and Gets His Wish (Video)
Swedish men warned of crotch-chomping fish
Ginger Pride march takes place in Scotland as hundreds of redheads protest against discrimination
Video Shows Pembroke Pines Cop Punching Mentally Ill Girl
Spanish Builders Forget Skyscraper Elevator
Michelle Obama - rap artist? First lady makes album debut
Segway stolen while owner shops for sausages
Religious Family Quits US, Gets Lost at Sea
Senator Challenges Theory of Gravity, Demands Schools 'Teach Both Sides'
Chris Brown suffers seizure, cites 'nonstop negativity' as the cause
Police: Man released from jail walks across street, steals car | Offbeat | KEPR CBS 19 - News, Weather and Sports
Religious family from Arizona abandons U.S., gets lost at sea
Prairie dogs' language decoded by scientists - Human-animal translation devices may be available within 10 years
Science Says That Boobs Can Help Make You Smarter
Gun Rights Advocates to Stage Appreciation Day at Newton Connecticut Starbucks
People pray at tree outside a Cathedral in California, say tree weeps God's tears, experts say drippings are actually bug excrement
Gun rights advocates to stage 'Appreciation Day' at Newtown, Conn., Starbucks
Vladimir Putin Just Made It Illegal To Tell Kids Gay People Exist
Rush Limbaugh Calls Oprah Fat
Family leaves US on sailboat over religious concerns to start new life, becomes lost at sea
Rush Limbaugh Calls The Oprah Fat
Miami unveils football locker room dedicated to The Rock
Chinese Man Fails to Smuggle a Turtle Disguised as a Hamburger
One-way trip to Mars could be yours for just $38
10-year-old girl arrested for allegedly raping 4-year-old boy
Family films as lightning strikes car, recharges phones
Spanish skyscraper going up - but without an elevator?
LA restaurant unveils 45-page bottled water menu
Men in Sweden warned after sighting of testicle-eating fish
Norway PM Jen Stoltenberg works as secret taxi driver
Munchies? Man smashes SCCC vending machines with dumbbell, takes food, cops say
Scandinavian skinny-dippers warned of testicle-biting fish
Tech Multimillionaire Caught Stealing $30,000 Worth of Legos from Target
Pope Francis reaches out to Muslims at end of Ramadan
Family Rescued In Pacific After Sailing 'Where God Led Us'
Fed up with homosexuality, religious family takes 'leap of faith' and gets lost at sea
WTF Internet? If you need an app to tell you when to have sex, it's over
Religious family leaves US to escape abortion, homosexuality, has to get rescued at sea
First 'Internationally Recognized' Athlete Visa Awarded to Pro Gamer
Experts warn male skinny-dippers to watch out for nut-crushing fish in Oresund Sound, Sweden
Family Gets Lost at Sea After Seeing Where God Would Lead Them
ABC Newsman Announces He is Transgender Then Switches Back to Being a Man Again
Men in Sweden warned to beware of testicle-eating fish
Cathie Adams, Former Texas GOP Chair: Immigration Reform Will Lead To Mark Of The Beast, 'End Times'
Redheads stage Ginger Pride march at Edinburgh Fringe
Man Arrested After Bragging To Undercover Officer About Being 'Wanted'
Cops Ordered to Return $1M in Singles to Stripper (xpost from /r/bad_cop_no_donut)
The Hunger Games Summer Camp is a Terrible Idea
Professor says kids no longer need to learn spelling and grammar because of smartphones.
Cops Ordered to Return $1M in Singles to Exotic Dancer
Buddhist mob attacks Colombo mosque
Mugabe Bans the Color White
Assures that consuming "mariguana" causes homosexual tendencies
Trump: "Some People Say That Was Not Obama's Birth Certificate"
Russian Outwits Bank at their own game!
Graphic painting of Zimmerman shooting Martin unveiled at Florida capitol
NY man arrested 29 times for nabbing trains, buses
Steubenville-Inspired W.V. Youth Program Teaches "Don't Post Your Rape Photos on Facebook" Instead of "Don't Rape People."
'We Are All Trayvon' Mural Unveiled In Florida State Capitol
Tennessee judge, citing Jesus, changes baby's name from "Messiah"
Steubenville-Inspired W.V. Youth Program Totally Misses the Point
Tenn. judge changes infant's name from 'Messiah'
Taylor Swift's Look-Alike Suffers Broken Jaw for Resembling the Most Irritating Pop Star Ever
UK teen crowned world Microsoft Word 2007 champion
Kris Jenner Responds To President Obama's Takedown Of Kim Kardashian & Kanye West
Chest Stop? Florida woman begs on street for bigger boobs
Woman takes to busy roadside with a sign begging for bigger BOOBS
Property managers still want payment after woman's rent is stolen from office
Endangered bird thrives on US Navy firing range
Discovery of testicle-biting fish leads to swim warning for Danish men
One way ticket to Mars
Liberals squirm as Abbott refers to 'the suppository of wisdom'
US judge changes baby's name from Messiah to Martin
Tennessee judge rules infant's name must be changed from 'Messiah'
Thieves steal limbless French adventurer's wheelchair
Artist sexually assaulted during piece on sexual assault
Loud beats endanger Swedish nightclub's fish
Could an International Court Overturn Jesus's 2000-Year-Old Conviction?
Gitmo's Culturally Correct Tube Feedings
Dog the Bounty Hunter to pursue Snowden Bounty
Biden Headed to Iowa for High Profile Steak Fry
Subway shark mystery solved
Rodeo spectator: Crowd cheered for clown with President Obama mask to be 'run down'
Ruud Wanck promoted at Group M
North Korea 'Launches Own Smartphone'
Germans hunt turtle after attack on boy
Cameron wants internet ban on sexual propaganda - let's boycott the UK!
In Tennessee a 'Messiah' becomes 'Martin'
People pray at tree outside St. Johns Cathedral in Fresno, California, say tree weeps God's tears -- Experts: Tree drips with bug excrement, not tears
Amputee swimmer Philippe Croizon has wheelchair stolen
Fan ends life after failing to watch Tamil actor Vijay's film 'Thalaivaa'
Justin Bieber NAKED -- 'It's My D**k In a Guitar!' [NSFW]
Police marksman keeps job after having sex on duty with gun around ankles
This recycling bin is following you
The Hunger Games Summer Camp is a Terrible Idea; Florida-based summer camp latches on to worst theme ever.
LG G2 Korean event gets 20 people injured in free phone stunt
Mother of 'Messiah' ordered to change baby's name after Christian judge rules it a conflict with her beliefs
Pete Rose: 'I Should Have Picked Alcohol Or Beat Up My Wife'
Men warned as testicle-biting Pacu fish invades Scandinavian waters
Iowa's famous Butter Cow, doused in "blood".
Colo. town poised to declare open season on drones, issue drone-hunting licenses
Pictures of Justin Bieber Naked Leak and We Just Don't Know How to Feel
Juggalos Give Advice To Anthony Weiner
Religious people are less intelligent than atheists, study finds
Red Hook, Brooklyn Man Converts Dumpster into Apartment
Butter Cow Attack at Iowa State Fair
Founder of Quebec independence party moves to England
Wife sues Fertility clinic because husband left her for clinic nurse
3-Month-Old Indian Infant Keeps Catching Fire; Doctors Say Baby Emits Combustible Gases Through Skin Pores
U.S. Pays $1.5 Mil to Help Brazilian Women Quit Smoking
Best satire about Snowden: he leaks info on catastrophic and 'inevitable solar tsunami' - News - World - The Voice of Russia: News, Breaking news, Politics, Economics, Business, Russia, International current events, Expert opinion, podcasts, Video
"Nerve gas" attack turns out to be ... nail polish remover
Best satire about Snowden: he leaks info on catastrophic and 'inevitable solar tsunami' - News - World - The Voice of Russia: News, Breaking news
USDA Wants 'Campus Ambassadors' to Talk Peers Out of 3 a.m. Taco Bell
Girl parks Maserati in middle of the road, says those who complain are just jealous
On a conference call to improve employee morale, CEO fires an employee live on the call
AOL worker fired during conference call to boost morale
Dr. Francis Collins of NIH Sings the "Sequester Blues"
This Incredible Make-A-Wish Teenager Went to the Gathering of the Juggalos, Got a Lap Dance
People Worship Weeping Tree In California, Tears Are Actually Insect Excrement
Neighbors Want Family's Handicap Ramp Removed
Toronto bans the sale of cats and dogs in pet stores
Beijing man builds plush country villa - on top of 26-floor high rise compound
Australia politics: Woman quits poll race, mistakes Islam for country
Congress Too Gridlocked to Impeach Obama, Complains G.O.P. Congressman
Perfume Spray Forces Partial Evacuation of State Building
Moses Was High on Drugs, Israeli Researcher Says
Instructor Shoots Student In Ohio Gun Safety Class
Bigoted Christian Extremists Get Lost At Sea For Months After Leaving US In Protest Of Homosexuality -
Hyper-Intelligent Superbrains Floating in Deep Space Probably Don't Outnumber Humanity, Say Physicists
Motorcyclist killed by dead flying deer in N.Y.
Australian political candidate quits after mistaking Islam for a country
People with early dementia don't know some famous people
Fan apologizes for throwing banana
Riff Raff ARRESTED For Drug Possession
Rapper Riff Raff arrested in Greensboro for drugs
Anthony Weiner Has No Idea Why He Didn't Use Snapchat Either
Testicle-biting fish invading Denmark, authorities warn
Testicle-Biting Fish Invade Swedish Waters
Authorities Call Lack of Recent Crimes by Florida Gators "Suspicious" (x/post /r/CFB)
Authorities Call Lack of Recent Crimes by Florida Gators "Suspicious"
Swedish swimmers warned to protect private parts after discovery of notorious exotic fish
To Create Housing for Homeless, Landlords Evict Paying Tenants
President Obama orders intelligence chief accused of lying to Congress to lead NSA review
Billboards encourage people to vote on the wrong day
State Fair Butter Cow Doused in Red Paint, Animal-rights Group Takes Credit
That baby is not the Messiah, Tennessee judge rules
Army Air Defense Artillery Unit Recognized For 365 Days Without Shooting Down Friendly Aircraft
Guns N' Roses marriage proposal prompts police probe
Aryan Nation is no-show in face of dildo-waving demonstrators
The man who misled Congress on spying will pick Obama's intelligence review panel
Judge: White woman cannot sue Paula Deen for racial discrimination
Phone Giveaway Leads to Guns and Knives
McDouble is 'cheapest and most nutritious food in human history'
Kanye West bought two $1 million dollar, bomb proof armored SUV's
Spanish skyscraper built with missing elevator shaft.
Today is Middle Child's Day, so it'll probably be ignored
Bamboozled: Life-saving transplant denied, health insurance canceled over 26-cent shortfall
Michelle Obama becomes 1st U.S. first lady to release a hip-hop album [x-post from /r/hiphopheads
Nude Swedish swimmers warned of ball-biting fish on the loose • The Register
Michelle Obama becomes 1st U.S. first lady to release a hip-hop album
Beijing professor builds mountain villa on top of apartment block
Rodeo clown who mocked Obama is banned from Missouri State Fair for life after going rogue
GIRL AUCTIONS OFF VIRGINITY ON FB!
Stone fortress illegally built atop Beijing skyscraper
Wireless Magazine: Is That A Weapon In Your Pocket Sir?
Twenty hurt at LG event as promotional stunt goes wrong
Thief shoves puppies down his pants at Orlando store | News
Testicle-Biting Fish May Be Invading Denmark
Ulysses Corwin Nevermissashot, Alleged Bank Robber, Guilty Of Having Ridiculous Name
Obama's Intelligence Chief, James Clapper, Will Head Up the Promised NSA Review
Mugabe says Zimbabwe elections free and fair
Ohio gun safety instructor accidentally shoots student
Michelle Obama releasing rap album (but she doesn't sing)
Rail workers refuse to let special needs children sit in business class.. claiming they would spoil journey of other passengers
Doctor steals heroin from patient's belly
MSNBC now using "R-word" in place of "Redskins"
Smithsonian acquires Parliament-Funkadelic Mothership
Russia surgeon 'stole heroin from drug mule's stomach'
Beer-chugging Canadian sorry for swimming to America
Two men held after mass brawl breaks out in queue for pirate boat ride at Legoland
Mix Engineer Ariel Borujow Expands His Metric Halo Palette to Include the Production Bundle
Doctor ordered to demolish 'mountain' built atop penthouse apartment in Beijing
Quiche thieves in five-hour police standoff
Drunk Man On Way To Jail Attempts To Urinate Out Window Of Moving Sheriff's Cruiser, Fails Spectacularly
Man builds mountain / home on top of high rise apartment in China. Takes two years, once completed, is told to tear it down.
LG launches balloons with G2 vouchers, 20 people hurt by BB guns
Smoking Turtle in China Smokes 10 Cigarettes a Day
Museum, Kelly Clarkson Vie For Jane Austen's Ring
Obama's "reform" panel to be led by Clapper, who denied spying to Congress.
Scientists create glow-in-the-dark bunnies
Make-A-Wish Went to the Gathering of the Juggalos, Got a Lap Dance
Michelle Obama to Put Out Hip-Hop Album
Instructor shoots student in gun-safety class
N. Korea: We 'successfully produced' a smartphone
British Library's wi-fi service blocks 'violent' Hamlet
Female Runner Caught on Camera Repeatedly Pooping in Man's Yard
Dog The Bounty Hunter to Hunt Down Eric Snowden
'Testicle-munching' Amazon fish found off Denmark
Brooklyn College Spends $107,000 To Make Logo Look Less Like A Dick
Beware The Pacu, Experts Tell Men Who Skinny-Dip In Scandinavia
Judge rules white person can't sue Paula Deen on racism charges
Michelle Obama is releasing a hip-hop album
Testicle Eating Killer Fish 'Pacu' New Threat in Swedish Waters
Container Park Craze: Hipsters Create Oases in Urban Wastelands
Dog the Bounty Hunter Is in Hot Pursuit of Edward Snowden
Michelle Obama Plans Hip-Hop Album
Swiss Shop Clerk Denies Telling Oprah She Couldn't Afford $38,000 Handbag
Justin Bieber Serenades Grandmother Naked While Covered Up with Just a Guitar
Hacker targets Houston family's baby monitor
Russian surgeon steals heroin he removed from drug mule's stomach
A rape suspect in East Tennessee got his bond cut in half by agreeing to stop reading Twilight books
Court calls law profs' 17-year divorce fight 'appalling'
First dog Bo is airlifted to Obama holiday home
International Lefthander Day Not Right, Say Critics
Gun safety instructor shoots student at gun safety class
Hooters Restaurants in San Diego Won't Serve Bob Filner
Al-Queda in Syria hands out Teletubbies and Spider-Man dolls.
BP sues U.S. government
Cops: Would be robbers nabbed after restaurant owner says 'come back', and they do
Mugabe tells rivals to accept his re-election or kill themselves as he says 'We are delivering democracy on a platter'
Beijing Man Builds Mountain on top of Apartment building
Algae suit generates food to feed your constant hunger
Swimmers warned of testicle-biting fish
Limbaugh: If You Believe In God, You Can't Believe in Climate Change - See more at: http://thecontributor.com/media-matters-staff-limbaugh-if-you-believe-god-then-intellectually-you-cannot-believe-manmade#sthash.sbvi2x1b.dpuf
Limbaugh: If You Believe In God, You Can't Believe in Climate Change
US Gun safety teacher shoots student
"Armed Subject" At a College Was Actually Just Carrying a Samsung Phone
Michelle Obama backs hip-hop album featuring rapping dr. Oz
Republican House Speaker John Boehner on Obamacare cap delay: "The Obama administration announced another delay that protects big businesses from its health care law -- when will the president give the same relief to everyone else?"
Man Who Vowed to Live Forever Died Over the Weekend
San Diego Hooters Refuse To Serve Mayor Bob Filner
Burglars Return Stolen Computers To Charity With Apology Note (PICTURE)
NZ prime minister John Key: We have to spy on you because al-Qaeda has training camps here. Also: FISH!
Elderly Farmer Grows Cannabis by Mistake
Gun safety instructor accidentally shoots student in US
Old Town Muggers Take Wichita Man's Lightsabers
Gun safety instructor accidentally shoots student
Gun safety instructor accidentally shoots student in US Read more: http://www.theage.com.au/world/gun-safety-instructor-accidentally-shoots-student-in-us-20130814-2rvi1.html#ixzz2buausvZK
Man With 'Micropenis' Discovers He's Actually A Woman At Age 66
Dark arts master Harry Potter to blame for Obama, claims professor
Missouri fair bans rodeo clown wearing Obama mask
Woman drives 300km while asleep
Teen charged in bomb plot loses in mayoral primary
BMW drivers really are jerks, studies find
Hug triggers hostage scare at Houston cellphone store
Dozens of Cops Dispatched to Shut Down 'Illegal' Lemonade Stand
US concealed gun safety teacher shoots student
That's one miraculous conception. The woman with no vagina
Oops: Detroit billboards give wrong election date
Olympic Committee threatens to punish athletes who fight for gay Russians
Probe: Age of pilot, 88, and his instructor, 81, may have contributed to plane crash
Photographer Uses His Right Hand as a Girlfriend
Cat DNA database to be used for solving crime
Testicle Chomping Fish found in Sweden
As part of an effort to improve treatments for life-threatening illnesses, a team of scientists have created rabbits that glow in the dark.
Bra sizes of female Detroit cops mistakenly emailed to officers
Genetic switch to guard against escaped 'superviruses'
Hacker Breaks Into Baby Monitor and Says Creepy Things to a 2-Year-Old
Orgasms Improve Memory Better Than Mensa Puzzles
Britain's cat DNA database helps convict killer
North Korea unveils home-grown smartphone
Arkansas Man Wakes Up To Find Dog Ate His Testicle
Toddler verbally abused via baby cam
Animal-lover found 'gnawed and eaten' by her own cats
While a standard engine is powered by a belt connected to the crankshaft, a turbo engine runs on its own exhaust steam, making it more energy efficient.
Ottawa Police seeking rightful owner of found urn
Man accused of riding horse into Cowboy's, lassoing man
Scores Invitations Cause Evacuation at Downtown Building
'Ukraine flag' toilet freshener withdrawn from eastern Europe
NZ woman 'drove and texted while asleep'
Farnborough FC Legally Change Player Names To 'Messi', 'Zidane', 'Cruyff' And 'Maradona' In Order To Field Team Of Legends Next Season
Utah beauty queen accused of throwing bombs resigns title
Middle-aged straight people really wrestling with whether to allow gay marriage
Congressman claims climate science is "more of a religion than a science," then demonstrates his science knowledge by saying global warming is actually a good thing because "there will be more photosynthesis going on." (x-post politics, courtesy u/rantoniob)
Man who wanted access to Michelle Obama's bank account told cops she adopted him on Facebook
British library blocks Hamlet for 'excessive violence'
Unsuspecting Picnic Attendees Subjected to Mental Image of Mitch McConnell Passing a Kidney Stone
It's beautifully unnerving how many "sources" are being cited in this Wiki.
Man who sought weed on Twitter fired from job
Foul-mouthed hacker hijacks baby's monitor. Baby turns out to be deaf.
Someone should tell the First Lady what "lean" means.
Hooters bans San Diego mayor from restaurants because "We believe women should be treated with respect"
Study shows Jim Crow-era segregation persists in Texas schools
Cops to Distribute Educational Bags of Doritos at Pot Rally
Swimmers in Sweden warned against skinny-dipping after eight-inch testicle-eating fish nicknamed the 'ball cutter' is found
Seattle Cops to Give Out Chips at Hempfest
Tesla's CEO Feared Microsoft Would Make His Car Racist And Slow
Police: Man twice rides horse into Scott bar, lassos man in parking lot on Tuesday night
Baseball: Homer lands outside of stadium
Anti-Abortion Activists Try to Shut Kansas Clinic on Grounds It Draws Protests
Swindon nurse who mistook blood for jam suspended
Cops to Distribute Bags of Chips at Hempfest
Not paralyzed enough for the Paralympics: Gold medalist Victoria Arlen kicked out of the pool because she may walk again
Orson Scott Card Worries About Obama Turning "Urban Gangs" Into His Personal Police Force
Hooters blackballs San Diego mayor
Can Adhesive Bandages Be Racist?
Man rapes 13-year-old girl, sends her mother an apology via text message
Woman Drives Asleep At Wheel For Hundreds Of Miles In New Zealand
Paying Teens Not To Have Sex, Not Popular in Mississippi
Domino's Pizza is so used to apologizing it begs pardon from fan for 'best pizza ever'
Death Reported at Gathering of the Juggalos; Drug Bridge Closed
Utah pageant queen surrenders crown after alleged bomb throwing spree
Sweden labelled 'high risk' before Obama visit
Water is NOT a human right, apparently...
16K flaming ping-pong balls dropped on wilderness fire west of Darby
Seattle cops to hand out Doritos at marijuana rally, Hempfest
Fox outraged that Obama missed a golf putt
US misprinted 30 million new $100 bills
Nestle CEO: Water Is Not A Human Right, Should Be Privatized
Pakistani man defies extremist demands over his moustache
Hacker attempts to harass toddler through baby monitor
Travis Barker is working on a hip-hop album with Michelle Obama
Largest Federally-owned Wind Farm to power Texas Nuclear weapons plant
Kenyan lawyer is suing Israel over Jesus' death
British cat DNA database helps convict killer
Scientists say sugar at levels considered safe is harmful
Louisiana man arrested for riding horse into bar, lassoing customer.
Ex-Cuban leader Fidel Castro 'surprised' to be alive
Boat explodes off Oregon coast, cats on board swim to safety
Woman in New Zealand falls asleep while driving. Drives hundreds of miles.
Man allegedly rides horse into Cowboy's(bar); Lassoed a man in the parking lot.
Would-Be Robbers Arrested After Being Told To Come Back In An Hour
Grandma gives birth to twin granddaughters
Student accidentally shot by teacher at Ohio gun safety class
'Turducken' of the sea-scientists off Delaware catch shark within a shark
Sorry, World: Kosher Lube Not Actually Kosher Anymore
Israeli tudents offered grants if they tweet pro-Israeli propaganda
Harry Potter readers hated George W. Bush, new research suggests
NAACP calls for DOJ, Secret Service investigation into rodeo clown
Pepsi-Flavored Cheetos Exist, Prepare For The Apocalypse
Republicans are calling for star of A&E's "Duck Dynasty" to run for Congress
Chinese zoo substitutes lion for dog
Yolo bus driver convicted of sex crimes against mentally disabled client
Chinese zoo under fire for disguising hairy dog as a lion
Prince takes to Twitter, reveals fondness for pepper
"[Adult] Clients can choose to consume breast milk directly through breastfeeding ... but they can always drink it from a breast pump if they feel uncomfortable," Seriously, WTF China?
Hackers backdoor the human brain, successfully extract sensitive data
Male skinny dippers warned of 'ball-cutter' fish in Sweden
Chinese zoo disguises hairy dog as lion
8 Hours of Wood Burning Enthralls 20% of Norway
Seattle cops dealing Doritos at post-marijuana legalization Hempfest
10 reasons comic books are the best investment
The 'Garbage' Effect on Poland's Inflation Data
Banker Being Sued by Government is Hired by Government
Call of Duty: Ghosts introduces "squad mode," women
Seattle Police Department Will Distribute Doritos to Stoners
It is now less risky to download pirated ebooks than purchase them. (xpost from r/technology)
It is now less risky to download pirated ebooks than purchase them.
France looking to buy 4000 pressure cookers to store nuclear waste in them. (google-translated german)
'Drunk' Louisiana man rides horse into a bar before lassoing a man and dragging him around the parking lot
Iraq will not become another Syria, says government, as car bombs kill 34
Leading Tech Company Posts Records for Earnings and Revenue - Lays Off 5% of Workforce
Hitler 1936: Foreign Olympic athletes exempt from anti-gay law
A Chinese Zoo Tried To Pass Off This Huge, Fluffy Dog As A Lion
New cute furry mammal species discovered
Police: Midnight cowboy rides horse into bar, lassos patron
Smithsonian announces new species called olinguito and describes it as cross between house cat and teddy bear
China zoo faces uproar after 'African lion' revealed to be a dog
53-year-old gives birth to own twin grandchildren
Russell Simmons Apologizes for Harriet Tubman Sex Tape
Passionless husband needs sex therapy
Topless activist released from jail days after getting 'death sentence'
Michelle Obama and Travis Barker of Blink 182 are currently collaborating on hip hop album
China zoo under fire for disguising dog as lion
Iranian woman 'too sexy' for council career
Conservatives Angry At 'Elysium' for Showing World Their Ideology Would Create
Henkel pulls toilet freshener after Ukraine takes offence
Michelle Obama to Release a Hip Hop Album
"Harriet Tubman Sex Tape" explodes into racial controversy
Fox News Is Now Dangerous Pro-Gay Propaganda, Says Conservative Group
Braves bat boy rescues actual bat, realizes his true calling
K-9 Officer laid to rest after dying from being left in hot car
One Lincoln bill later, cab fare charge is thrown out
County in Kenya considering banning women from riding motorcycles with their legs apart facing the driver because it is "too distracting"
Neighbors warn parents of girl with cerebral palsy: Lose the handicap ramp
Grandmother, 53, gives birth to her own twin granddaughters
Oops: Printing error means U.S. government will have to destroy $3-billion in new hundred dollar bills
Florida Launches Drone Warfare Against Mosquitoes
20 Injured In Smartphone Promotion Involving Homemade Spears
Police are investigating how a man died after smashing into a cliff, flying at approximately 150 MPH.
Michelle Obama working on a hip-hop album featuring Travis Barker, Matisyahu, others
Blond with two vaginas offered porn movie role
Citing Threat To Property Value, Neighbors Want Disability Ramp Removed
White House's New Strategy: Quote 'Mean Girls'
Ottawa police on hunt for robbery suspect who smelled of 'kitchen grease'
British youths escape forced marriage with spoons in underwear
Stroke victim cannot feel sadness - ever again
Iranian Politician Moradi Denied Seat On City Council Because She Is Too Attractive
Silicon Valley bigwig jailed for stealing Lego
Blind, cat-loving Shoshoni man sues police after they tase themselves, him
Manure-filled hot tub leads to Quebec man's arrest: Suspect tried to evade police on tractor
To Raise Successful Black Kids, You Have to Teach Them Black English
NASA scientists makes app dedicated to more secure boobs.
Rock band KISS is bringing pro football back to Los Angeles
Zoo In China Swaps Lion For Dog, Hopes No One Notices
Man Rides Horse Into a Bar, Lassos Patron, Gets Arrested
'Pull-out method' tied to unintended pregnancies
NYC Hotel Kicks Out 'Duck Dynasty' Star After Confusing Him For Homeless Man
Louisiana Man Facing Charges After Riding His Horse Into a Bar and Lassoing a Man Outside
Creationist explains why dragons are actually real creatures.
Study: Journalism grads don't read newspapers, mags, books
Doritos on menu at Seattle Hempfest, courtesy of local police
Fleeing homosexuality and abortion, U.S. Christian family gets lost at sea
Unremarkable men walk 40 miles for no particular reason
Study: Women who use 'pull out' birth control method at greater risk of unintended pregnancy
Man Gets Caught Filling Ex-wife's Hottub With Manure - Tries to Flee From Police on Tractor
KISS is bringing pro football back to Los Angeles
Should Cambridge turn on the surveillance cameras it installed in 2009?
Iranian Politician Deemed Too Pretty to Hold Office
Armored SWAT Raids Farm After Mistaking Tomatoes for Marijuana
Chinese Zoo Tried to Pass Off Dog As Lion, Failed
Seattle cops to deal Doritos and information at Hempfest
Franz Kafka's 'The Metamorphosis' appears in toilet paper commercial
Using the social network seems to make people more miserable
Tech Founder Complains About the Shithole City He's Forced to Make His Millions In
Victoria Arlen, a swimmer paralyzed from the waist down, has been banned from the Paralympics for not being paralyzed enough.
Seattle cops dealing Doritos at Hempfest
One Direction fans bravely vanquish some old band called The Who
Spoons in underwear helping to stop forced marriages in Britain
BigData Analysis Reveals That Coffee And Sugar Are Bought Together
Chinese zoo caught replacing their exotic animals with canines.
CNN Money names Detroit "hottest downtown" in the country.
Michelle Obama to create a hip-hop album
Old law puts 10 cent bounty on dead rats, (Detroit) man claims
Old law puts 10 cent bounty on dead rats, Southgate man claims - Fox 2 News Headlines
Michelle Obama to Release "Songs For a Healthier America" Hip Hop Album(First Music Video Included)
Romanian princess among cockfighting arrests
Smartphone app launched to help illegal immigrants avoid deportation
Seattle police to hand out Doritos to marijuana festival attendees. 'It's meant to be ironic,' spokesman says
Yes, they did shave my private parts, limousine operator tells cops, but 'there was no sexual contact' with teen employees
Russian Burger King Ad: Whoppers Are Totally Better Than Opiates
Martin Manley Life and Death
Man turns 60, publishes this website with suicide note and explanation of why he did it - Martin Manley Life and Death
Loans Till Payday--The Best Alternative Available for These With Bad Credit
Breast implants suicide bomb threat: Heathrow on high alert over "credible" intelligence
Breast implants suicide bomb threat: Heathrow on high alert
Coronation Street star Chris Fountain is suspended after being revealed as face behind 'totally unacceptable' secret rap alter-ego The Phantom
Women who fear being forced to marry abroad told to hide spoon in underwear | World news
Romanian princess arrested in Oregon cockfighting sweep
The Government Now Admits There's an 'Area 51'
Romanian Princess Held After Cockfighting Raid
Texan at Bank Allegedly Claims to Be Obama's Adopted Son
Artist says graffiti on RI highway mural meant to combat vandalism inevitable, suggests 'edit'
Head of Missouri NAACP Calls Obama Clown Mask A Hate Crime
China to investigate US tech giants over security issues
Russell Simmons sorry for Harriet Tubman sex video
Massive SWAT Raid Seizes Organic Okra
Capitol Police catch: three grannies, one alder, a journalist and a minor
Israeli official warned over offensive Facebook postings - Daniel Seaman, in charge of promoting Israel's image online, ordered to stop posting 'unacceptable' comments
Capital University Uses Ohio Water Park For Student Housing Temporarily
Students bunk at water park amid housing squeeze
UK local council proposes lower fares for girls in revealing clothes
GOP Worried Its Minority Outreach Was Accidentally Racist
Abu Ghraib torture victims sued by torturers
Can Good Graphic Design Help The Homeless?
Woman drives 185 miles while asleep
Soda may make children more likely to destroy things, and attack others.
Scientists Discover Adorable New Species Hiding in the Junk Drawer
28,000 Prank Calls Finally Annoy Emergency Responders
The West Virginia town where wireless signals are illegal
Vietnam Seeks to Lure Students to Study Marxism With Free Tuition
GOP Senate Candidate Calls Marxist Revolutionary Che Guevara Her "Beacon," Is Fighting to Repeal Obamacare
Russian surgeon arrested for taking heroin from patient's stomach
Dictionaries include definition of literally that isn't literal
23 year old man calls 911 on his wife to report that she hadn't cooked him supper, pleads guilty charged with willfully making a false 911 call.
Florida woman calls in bomb threat over dildo
Budweiser Is the Drink of Choice for People Who End Up in the ER
Turns out, tapeworms are not a medically advised weight-loss tool
China to stop taking inmates' organs
States Scramble to Find New Ways to Kill People
Guy calls his mother to scream at the Muslim Brotherhood after he is attacked by them and has his camera stolen; yea! he does get it back - [xpost from pics]. Original Title: "This Is What It Looks Like Just Before the Muslim Brotherhood Jumps You"
Texas Cops Raid Farm for Marijuana, Only Find Tomatoes
So Baaad It's Good: 'Sheep Protest' Video
CIA's Declassified Documents Reveals Secrets About Area 51 and UFOs
Church of Scientology's 'alien space cathedral and spaceship landing pad' built in the New Mexico desert for the 'return of followers after Armageddon on Earth'
Switzerland opens drive in 'sex boxes' to make prostitution safer
Hairy dog passed off as Lion at China zoo: People's Park staff pretend Tibetan mastiff is an 'African lion'
Guy calls his mother to scream at the Muslim Brotherhood after he is attacked by them and has his camera stolen; yea! he does get it back.
BSU freshman wins free tuition with half-court shot
Tennessee lawmaker pushing 'Merry Christmas' bill
Breast Implant Bombs? Heathrow Airport on High Alert
Not even considering that everyone in the room owns a cell phone
Cops: Surgeon Stole Heroin From Drug Mule's Stomach
3-Year State Trooper Study: Marijuana Has An Odor
Pepsi-flavored Cheetos on shelves in Japan
Retailer drops girls' math shirt after complaints
Residents in a 'fancy' neighborhood in Fort Wayne Indiana voice their opposition to a new subdivision of $300,000 homes: "We didn't expect to be living next to a trailer park."
"At the beginning, my family didn't understand why I chose this for a living," says China's Yang Jun, 29-year-old professional breast masseur who has the world's most oblivious family.
Coffee Drinkers Plight Exposed in Canada
Chimpanzee chops off 10 year old boy's buttocks in Uganda
Deputy files civil lawsuit against 9-1-1 caller after he was injured during assault at her home
At Seattle pot fest, police to protect -- and serve tortilla chips
China zoo's "lion" was living a lie as a dog in disguise.
Judge says Chubby Checker can pursue lawsuit against HP over penis-measuring app
In the Name of God, or Baby 'Messiah,' Competing Claims of Religious Freedom
Republicans vow to boycott CNN and NBC over Clinton films
A Tesla Model S Crashed Into an Electric Pole and Caused a Blackout
Phoenix Woman Tries to Steal Car, Gets Stumped by Automatic Transmission
Obamacare Staffers Slated To Move Into Building Some Believe Is Toxic
Fox News: "There's no question that the polar bear is thriving"
Coronation Street star Chris Fountain suspended over 'totally unacceptable' secret rap alter-ego The Phantom
Russian anti-rape campaign hijacks face of Game Of Thrones actress for advert
Mustache elicits Taliban death threats
Coaster Maker » Bored.com
Sharknado fears are soothed as council reveals detailed plan for dealing with shark infestation in Glasgow streets
Beezow Doo-Doo Zopittybop-Bop-Bop Faces Drug Charges in Washington Co. | KCRG-TV9
KISS bought a football team!
Texas deputy sues woman for 'mental anguish' after he kills her son-in-law
Man who said talking cat urged him to rob bank gets prison
Taliban calls for end to violence in Egypt
People Who Have Sex At Least 4 Times A Week Make More Money: Study
Toilet Dating Has British Singles Flush With Excitement
Taliban issues statement non-ironically condemning violence in Egypt
Google goes dark for 2 minutes, kills 40% of world's net traffic
OUTRAGE! Black Dude Angry His Steak N' Shake Receipt Said 'Black Guy' On It!![xposted from videos]
U.S. Adults Estimate That 25% of Americans Are Gay or Lesbian
Princess charged in cockfighting racket
No Credit Check Loans--The Best Alternative Offered for Individuals With Bad Credit
'Carlos Danger' Brand of Weiners Enters the Food Market
Why Insects Have Gay Sex
Man Blames 'Talking Cat' for Bank Robbery
Tambourine player tased during church service
In Senegal, the Hottest News Beat Is on TV, and It's a Rap [x-post r/hiphopheads]
San Francisco Tells Obnoxious Startup Bro to Screw Off Back to NYC
STD among dogs poses threat to humans
Ex-Romanian princess accused of running a cockfighting business In Oregon
In Senegal, the Hottest News Beat Is on TV, and It's a Rap
Ex-Romanian princess Irina on Oregon cockfighting Charges
Illinois Grandmother Sets Power Lifting Record
Royal wedding: Nigerian prince marries in Loughgall village, Northern Ireland
Herrings - good to eat, not to inhale
Fundamentalist Preacher Horrified After Realizing He Used "Modern Family" Picture For eBook Cover
Florida Keys considering drones to fight mosquitoes
Swedish athlete switches to red, not rainbow nails
Canada's military forced to accept fatter, less educated recruits as demographics change, audit reveals
Blue Jays' Gose Aims to 'Hit the Ball'
Princeton Announces Plans to Plays with it's Dinky in Public
Maryland university buying bulletproof whiteboards
Human Race In 100 Thousand Years: Future Of Our Faces.
The little-kid wage gap: Boys are making more allowance money than girls
Cops Ran Out of Free Doritos in 10 Minutes at Seattle Pot Festival
China Will Stop Harvesting Prisoners' Organs For Transplants; Practice 'Tarnishes Image Of China,' Official Says
Deputies: Mom gave son a ride to sell heroin to undercover cop
Keith Stone Arrested for DUI After Driving Into a House
Male turkeys use wingmen to help them pick up females, too
Canadian app SpotSquad will pay you to dob in illegally parked cars
Obama Blames Kimye, Not Corrupt Politicians, for the Death of the American Dream
Chubby Checker can sue HP over genital-measuring app, judge says
Michael Grunwald, Time Magazine Reporter, Sends Out Shocking Tweet About Julian Assange: "can't wait to write a defense of the drone strike that takes out" Wikileaks founder
Nudist hotel's plans for alcohol licence 'will attract troublemakers'
Detroit police release officers' bra sizes
Zoo under fire as 'African lion' is exposed as a dog
Facebook use 'makes people feel worse about themselves'
Zuni Cafe's $8 Nectarine Dessert Is Just a Nectarine; Diners Left Confused
Switzerland builds £1.5m drive-in sex chalets in bid to make prostitution safer
University of Maryland launches new initiative: portable bullet proof whiteboards
Man saves dog from sinking ship, then goes back for wife
Principal bans streaking at Palo Alto high school
Man jailed after stealing tortoise and homeless mans phone.
Short Term Loans-- Agreement Devoid of Credit Statement
Washington man accused of blowing up his dog
Naked man throws didgeridoo at police car.
Man downloaded porn during interrogation
"The White House press corps asked no questions about reforms to National Security Agency surveillance practices at a press conference called to discuss reforms to NSA surveillance practices". And, plenty of other great news from last weeks Harper's weekly.
Man Fles Lawsuit to Force Hooters to Let Him Work as a Waiter
Texas Police Hit Organic Farm With Massive SWAT Raid
Eastern Shore professors to get bulletproof whiteboards
Woman Sentenced For Hiding Gun In Vagina, Meth In Butt
Are nail polish names anti-feminist? Manufacturers accused of dis-empowering women with colors like 'Dirty Slut'
A kinder, gentler Ku Klux Klan? 'We do not hate anyone,' imperial wizard says
Man being interrogated on suspicion of downloading child porn is found to have been downloading child porn on his phone during interrogation.
Russian riot police detain eight Pastafarians during 'pasta procession' in Moscow
'Zombie pigeon epidemic' in Moscow sparks fears of transmission to humans
Cabbages and Condoms restaurant becomes first in the UK to offer family planning leaflets with meal
Ottawa testing $620,000 stealth snowmobile for Arctic
Creationism Advocate Admits that Science Proves Evolution, But Says We Should Believe the Bible Anyway
A Facebook user who used an ignored security breach bug to directly inform Zuckerburg about it got his account disabled for "exploiting bugs to impact real users."
Anti-rape feminist group plants 'sexual consent' lingerie among Victoria's Secret thongs in stores across the U.S.
Bob Dylan Acknowledges 50 Year Hoax: "My Lyrics Don't Make Sense"
The CIA first tested drones in Area 51 because of course they did
Rookie Cop In Brooklyn Shoots Self In Leg
Let's build a statue of Steve Jobs bigger than Statue of Liberty!
Mexican Congresswoman: "Gays Cannot Marry Because They Don't Face Each Other During Sex"
Chinese Policeman Makes A Bet, And Smashes A Baby's Head To The Ground
Mexican Leader: Gays Cannot Marry Because They Don't Face Each Other During Sex
Husband convicted of manslaughter after practical joke gone wrong.
Local pastor brings Christian message, Faygo to juggalos
Canadian Military testing secretive stealth snowmobile. X-post from r/canadianforces
Husband Convicted Of Manslaughter After Dutch Oven Goes Wrong
Vietnam Seeks Millions for Edible Bird Spit Industry
Conn. police: Cable outage not 911-worthy
Jerry Jones sued by woman who burnt her buttocks
Report: Braun said urine collector was Cubs fan, anti-Semite
Canberra man lodges fork in penis
Oregon's GOP Chair Wants to Sprinkle Nuclear Waste From Airplanes
CT residents call 911 to complain about brief cable outage
Canadian Forces test stealth snowmobile for covert Arctic ops
Thousands of Syrian refugees pour into Iraq
Jessica Alba Complains About Perfect Body
Ottawa testing $620K stealth snowmobile for Arctic
Happiness proposed for inclusion in next DSM as psychiatric disorder
Australian Man Uses Fork For Sexual Gratification, Gets Stuck in his Urethra
9-year-old Utah girl dies in freak trampoline accident
'Noisy' Cramlington library knitters no longer welcome
Alien, UFO abduction makes kids cry at school, police called
Prince Shares Incredible "Breakfast Can Wait" Cover Art Featuring Dave Chappelle
The Fukushima Radiation Leak Is Equal To 76 Million Bananas
Children get police warning letters for 'intimidating' and 'antisocial' behaviour because they played outside
'Bigorexia' Could Come With Serious Side Effects
Man arrested after his wife suffocates from a Dutch Oven
Ralph Nader's life in three words: 'I was right'
Seahawks sign 12 year-old to a five-year deal.
Indian train runs over Hindu pilgrims, kills 37; angry mob beats driver, sets train on fire
Woman from Iowa Swallowed Tapeworm to Lose Weight
Woman swallows tapeworm to lose weight.
Canadian military testing new $620,000 'stealth' snowmobile for clandestine Arctic operations
Japanese prime minister fails to move back into 'haunted' residence
McDonald's uses classical music to stop anti-social behaviour
Saudi wife angered after husband compares her to car
Fight over cup of noodles triggers riot
'The Troll Hunter': Mother-of-five spends six hours every night trawling internet to expose online bullies
Georgia Regents University somehow manages to misspell 'college' on diplomas
Police Pretty Sure Man Tied Himself Inside Sack and Shot Himself Before Jumping Into River
The more sex you have, the more money you make
Iran to teach drone-hunting to school students
Sea snail hatches, grows inside California boy's knee
Tennessee Republican tells girl her father has to be deported as tea party crowd cheers
Mexico heads back to school with flawed textbooks
Fears of terrorists with explosive breast-implants gripping the UK, world. (x-post r/Travel)
Conn. police: Cable outage not worthy of 911 call
Al Jazeera America Promises a More Sober Look at the News
Cable outage not worthy of 911 call
Upper West Side condo to have seperate entrances for rich and poor tenants
Mexico's new textbooks full of grammatical errors
Coke To Defend Safety Of Aspartame In New Ad
Helicopter Drops $10,000 Over Harbor in Lewes
Coca-Cola Rolls Out Ad Campaign Defending Use Of Aspartame In Diet Coke
Man crashes SUV then steals car of the person who stopped to help.
Ex-Wife of Man Claiming to Be 'Immortal Jesus Christ' Confirms His Death
Upper West Side condo has separate entrances for rich and poor
Man, 70, has 10cm steel kitchen fork removed from inside his PENIS after sexual adventure goes wrong
Australian pensioner has fork removed from penis by surgeons after sexual play
A widow dating? Not in Donald Trump's America!
British Airports on High Alert for Boob Bombs
Romanian princess, Oregon husband arrested in bust of suspected two-state cockfighting ring
Robin Thicke's Song Sounds Like Marvin Gaye. So He's Suing Gaye's Family.
Republican Horrified to Discover that Christianity Is Not the Only Religion
Grandpa Says Michigan Girl Tried To Pet, Befriend Bear During Attack
Power Outage Causes Man To Miss Breaking Bad, Leads To Numerous 911 Calls
610-kg Saudi man airlifted from home to undergo surgery.
Maestro Who Conducts Symphony With Back Facing Audience Labelled Radical Traditional
Dick Van Dyke Rescued From Burning Car in L.A.
Man named Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop faces 5 years on drug charges.
Researchers Create An App That Decodes A Baby's Cry
Oklahoma police say Australian baseball player killed on street because teenagers were bored
Man named Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop facing five years in prison on drugs charges
Husband Convicted Of Manslaughter After Dutch Oven Goes "Horribly Wrong"
Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop faces charges in Iowa
Saudi Arabia is expanding its anti-witchcraft police unit
The man with the 132-pound scrotum
Librarian wants to stop boy who loves books from reading so much
Rep. Dennis Kucinich: Abolish The NSA And Give Snowden A Parade
Mother-of-two, 28, dies after receiving butt implants from Venezuelan 'doctor'
Maria Sharapova to become "Sugarpova" to promote sweets brand
Conn. Police: Missing favorite TV show not worthy of 911 call
Michelle Obama Hip Hop Album
Volunteer firefighters' charity softball tournament turns violent
Man jumps onto car of wife's underwear thief; holds on for 2.5 kilometers
Canadian Military Developing Stealth Snowmobile
Manhattan Apartment Building Will Have Separate Entrance for Poor People
Desperate 'Breaking Bad' Fans Call 911 After Cable Outage During New Episode
U.K. government thought destroying Guardian hard drives would stop Snowden stories
Three Oklahoma Teens Allegedly Murder Baseball Player Out Of Boredom
Arkansas Man Gets Record Contract For Playing iPhone Guitar App
Maria Sharapova plans to change surname to Sugarpova for duration of US Open
Ted Cruz: 'I Will Renounce Any Canadian Citizenship'
Oprah Aware Her Boobs are Very Big
TLC Unveil's 'The Man With The 132 Pound Scrotum'
'The man with the 132-pound scrotum': Unraveling the medical mystery
Meet the Iranian graduate student who is obviously too sexy to serve on any city council.
Instagram tells third party apps to cease using 'insta' and 'gram' in their name
Maria Sharapova to change name to Sugarpova for US Open [x-post from /r/tennis]
Albino alligator given acupuncture
Sea snail hatches in 4-year-old boy's knee, becomes pet Turbo
janet Lim Napoles spottedin Magallanes
Romanian princess among 18 rounded up in alleged Oregon cockfighting ring
Man arrested for using penis to exorcise ghosts from woman
Maria Sharapova reportedly changing name to 'Sugarpova' to promote candy brand
Maria Sharapova to legally change her name to 'Maria Sugarpova'
Bankers Supplanted by Elves as Iceland Chases Cash
Parking Meter Mechanic Sentenced for Stealing $210,000 in Quarters
Tennis player Maria Sharapova changes name to Maria Sugarpova to promote her new brand of sweets
Naked man seen running through Manchester's Northern Quarter streets 'thought to have died in lift plunge'
'Obese' ducks put on no-bread diet
Scientists Working to Clone John Lennon from Tooth DNA
Shark is swallowed whole -- by an even bigger shark
40,000 public school teachers moonlight on sugar-daddy website
Detroit medic has heart attack while treating man having heart attack
Man who had sex with goat is banned from every farm in the country
Maria Sharapova wants to change name to Sugarpova for US Open. To promote her brand of sweets.
Cable Outage During 'Breaking Bad' Triggers Flood of 911 Calls
Man Named Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop Arrested
4 die in Bihar saving a goat
Maria Sharapova wants to change last name to Sugarpova
Librarian suggests 9 year old "step aside" because he wins the reading contest every year.
Woman stabbed in cheek with own high heel
Footballer sent off on debut for 'flashing' ref in FA Cup match
North Korea Has a Meth Problem
Feds: Romanian princess served tacos and beer at eastern Oregon cockfight derbies
Girl mauled by bear feared death
Date Rape Drug-Detecting Cups to Debut at Bars, Colleges and Clubs
Customer reportedly spit on after bad pedicure
Bank of America intern, 21, dies 'after working until 6am three days in a row' at London offices
One-legged man accused of benefit fraud after officials examined wrong leg
We're like Switzerland - we don't interfere, minister says
Saudi Arabia's War on Witchcraft
North Korea Has a Serious Crystal Meth Problem
Australia bans 'small breasts'
Man Defends Guns on Facebook Hours After Son Fatally Shoots Himself
Australian athlete gunned down by 'bored' teens in U.S.
Irmaos verdade Anda Rebolar EXCLUSIVO 2012
ZOMBIE PIGEONS IN MOSCOW
Rare Ferrari Sold for Almost Record-Breaking $27.5M in Auction
Shocking X-ray: Doctors remove fork from penis of 70-year-old Australian man
Cat owner apologises to neighbours after pet steals underwear and food
Canadian City Uses Drone To Chase Off Geese
Kyrgyz authorities discover vodka pipeline
Tourists in Venice upset that their bill was expensive
Detroit paramedic has heart attack while giving CPR to man having heart attack
Senator Cruz may have to wait eight months to stop being Canadian
Woman Tattoos Man's Name on Face After One Date
Feds grant religion tax break to atheists
Christopher Lane, Australian baseball player, killed by "bored" Okla. teens, police say
San Francisco bans helmet cams after they capture firefighters running over Asiana crash victim
'Ex-gay' therapist tells televangelist: I can tell if you're possessed by which crayons you use
South Carolina City Approves Plan To Exile Its Homeless
Airlifting a 1345-pound man
British Spies Take 'Zoolander' Approach to Cracking Down on Leaks
Who says boredom never killed anyone?
Man dies after accidentally shooting penis
City uses drones to chase geese from island
Sharapova won't change name to Sugarpova during US Open
Scandal: 'Double Stuf' Oreos Don't Actually Contain Double the Stuff
Federal Drug Agency Denies Marijuana Is Less Toxic Than Alcohol
Aussie baseball player killed by "bored" Okla. teens, police say
Double Stuf Oreos Don't Actually Have Double The Creme
Police: Australian baseball player killed by Oklahoma teens -- just because
'Shamboiling': The Newest Drug Trend Among Teens.
13-year-old named Le'Genius Wisdom shoots another teen for taunting him
Yahoo Writer argues that Little Leaguers (at the LLWS) should be paid
Paramedic treating heart attack victim -- has heart attack
Kazakstanian Football (soccer) team sacrifice sheep before football match to ensure win
Conservative christians accidentally send Michelle Bachmann a sex toy for her migrane headaches.
North Korea Has A Serious Crystal Meth Problem Read more: http://www.theatlanticwire.com/global/2013/08/north-korea-has-serious-cystal-meth-problem/68515/#ixzz2cYOmhI5f
Bank of America Merrily Lynch intern dies after working until 6am for three days
Kitty was arrested at a Brazil prison
Paramedic has heart attack while giving CPR to man having heart attack
Man arrested in string of unwanted back rubs
Player shown red card in FA Cup tie for flashing referee his privates
Christie Forced Out of G.O.P. Race by Empathy Scandal : The New Yorker
New iced coffee ad featuring David Hasselhoff prompts theft of 550 signs
No Time for Coffee? Spray Caffeine On Your Skin
Las Vegas Man Lived With 132-Pound Scrotum For Four Years
Testing time: Failsworth named as toughest place to pass driving test
Drunken Republican Says It Was Gay Marriage That Made Him Operate Vehicles Under The Influence
Woman Dislocates Her Jaw Biting Into a Giant America Burger, Still Claims Burger Was Amazing!
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. -- The State Senate passed a bill on Tuesday that would ban non-traditional body art and skin implants
Pantless intruder breaks into German chancellor's jet
Men who can't see their penis while standing risk early death
Detroit paramedic has heart attack while giving CPR to man having heart attack(xpost from /r/offbeat)
Nickelodeon Star Lucas Cruikshank Comes Out as Gay, Surprises Very Few
Minn. man loses license for driving too slow, likes 'sweet spot' of 48 mph
Cable outage interrupts 'Breaking Bad' and sparks dozens of 911 calls
Wesley Warren Jr., 'The Man With The 132-Lb. Scrotum,' Blames Healthcare System
Men who can't see their penis while standing risk early death (X-post from /r/Health)
Fork In Penis Removed After 70-Year-Old Man Stuffs 4-Inch Utensil Into His Urethra (PHOTO) [Potentially NSFW]
Fox News' Shepard Smith investigates Oreo cookie conspiracy Read more: http://www.foxnews.com/leisure/2013/08/20/fox-news-shepard-smith-investigates-oreo-cookie-conspiracy/#ixzz2caFzTGZd
White House: US government wouldn't force reporters to destroy computers
Grandmother receives anonymous hate letter after allowing autistic grandson Max Begley to play outside
Fox News' Shepard Smith investigates Oreo cookie conspiracy
Woman dislocates jaw eating burger
Man banned from every farm in the country after admitting sex with goat
Bakersfield schools spend $36K on emergency classroom toilets
Volkan the Intruder: Man in Underpants Partied in Merkel's Jet
Devizes man admits sex with goat
Tennessee has a candidate for the 'US Sentate.' You read that right.
Defense lawyer says women not attractive enough to be prostitutes
Indonesian city to require female schoolgirls to pass virginity test.
Bird Deaths In Moscow Spark 'Zombie Pigeon' Scare
New drug mimics the beneficial effects of exercise
Christie Forced Out of G.O.P. Race by Empathy Scandal
"God told me to do it" - Ex-pope Benedict says God told him to resign.
Police seek gunman in horse's shooting death
Father of suicide girl, 14, attacks Ask.fm's Latvian bosses after they claim she trolled herself
Florida Insurers Are Now Free to Screw Consumers and Must, By Law, Blame Obamacare
The "Salad Suspect" Turns Out To Be Legitimate
Right wingers complain that Obama doesn't have any white dogs
Vancouver business goes to extreme lengths to bring Trader Joe's merchandise to Canada ... and now its getting sued
Librarian Chastises 9 Year-Old Kid For Reading Too Much
Pensioner told to undergo therapy for fisting a horse
Paramedic has heart attack while giving CPR to heart attack victim
Poll: Louisiana GOPers Unsure If Katrina Response Was Obama's Fault
Louisiana Republicans On Federal Response To Hurricane Katrina: Thanks, Obama.
Ex-pope Benedict says God told him to resign during 'mystical experience'
Neighbour Tells Mother to 'Euthanize' her Autistic Son in a Vile Letter
Louisiana GOPers Unsure If Katrina Response Was Obama's Fault
Aspiring rapper's Instagram photos lead to largest gun bust in New York City history
Dentist wants to clone John Lennon using DNA from auctioned tooth
Queen's swan 'barbecued' on Windsor Castle river bank
'Zombie Pigeon' Deaths In Moscow Investigated; Bizarre Behavior Likely Caused By Salmonella Poisoning
Man on Ecstasy parties in his underwear for hours on Angela Merkel's empty jet
British intelligence worried about lasers spying on the Guardian. That's not so crazy.
Disgruntled Religious Family Leaves America, Ends Up Lost at Sea
Thai police seize 14 elephants with fake IDs
Heroic Australian Scientists Try to Make a Hangover-Proof Beer
Diet Culture Gone Bonkers: Woman Ingests Tapeworm to Drop Pounds
JPMorgan Chase Not Akin to Nazis, Report Finds
9/11 defendant Ramzi Binalshibh rants about withheld olives, honey in Guantanamo Bay meals
Bradley Manning wishing he'd just shot an unarmed black teenager
This Politician Says Gay People Cannot Marry Because They Don't Face Each Other During Sex
Pope Benedict resigned 'because God told me to do it'
Bill to Ban Certain Tattoos, Body Piercings Passes Arkansas Senate
'Ghostbuster' arrested for conducting exorcism with penis
Store clerk critically injured after another David Hasselhoff sign theft
Queen's swan found barbecued near Windsor Castle riverbank
Two report being hit by blow darts in Champaign. (x-post /r/uiuc)
Noam Chomsky: 'Palin was right about Obama'
Anti-oil protester farts in reporter's face
Two report being hit by blow darts in Champaign
Criminal Genius In Buffalo Stole More Than $200,000 In Quarters From Parking Meters
Mother sends hate letter telling other mother to euthanize her autistic child
Bodybuilder high on drugs breaks into Angela Merkel's jet, dances around in his underwear for hours
A Third Of Louisiana Republicans Blame Obama For Hurricane Katrina Response, Despite the Fact that the Storm Occurred 3 Years Before Obama Took Office
New drilling technologies could give us so much oil, the climate won't stand a chance
Man in his underpants danced on the wing of Angela Merkel's jet
Did Sunny Obama Begin Life As Pink, a Well-Bred Puppy From a Republican Home?
California farmer commits raisin fraud; takes on the Raisin Administrative Committee
Former Pope Benedict Says God Told Him To Resign
Press sent 'nail bomb kit' to promote Belfast film
Poll: Louisiana GOP'ers Blame Bush and Obama Equally for Hurricane Katrina
Creationism museum employee injured by lightning strike while on the job
Regina fooled by white supremacist group into declaring ''European Heritage Week'
Cronut Burger linked to food poisoning
Bridgeton resident allegedly tried to pay prostitute $1 for services
NSA Scans 75% Of All U.S. Internet Traffic
A Third Of Louisiana Republicans Blame Obama For Hurricane Katrina Response Under Bush
Republican Senator accussed by Conservative commentators for being, "...twice as socialist," due to Canadian and Cuban family ties.
Staffer Shocked by Lightning on Creation Museum Attraction
N.I. film 'A Belfast Story' promoted by nail bomb kit
Winnipeg robber nabbed after going back to apologize
Ibiza firemen free tourist trapped in sex toy
Ron Paul to be keynote speaker at anti-Semitic conference
US intelligence director's office launches a Tumblr in response to surveillance concerns
The Five Mistakes That Can Ruin Any Handshake
Turkish bodybuilder 'Volkan T' broke into German Chancellor Merkel's plane for a party with ecstasy and marijuana
Turkish bodybuilder dressed in his underpants and clutching bag of marijuana and ecstasy held party-for-one onboard [German Chancellor] Merkel's private jet
'Don't hit the car in front of you': Bizarre taxpayer-funded just outside DC stirs controversy
'Don't Hit The Car in Front of You': Bizarre Taxpayer Funded Sign Just Outside D.C. Stirs Controversy
Gay-To-Straight Program To Be Used In All Arizona Public School Curriculums Beginning November 1st - National Report
Atheists incensed after IRS grants them tax exemption as religious group
Dr. Seuss' stolen Lorax statue returned to its La Jolla home
J.C. Penney Banks On Towels, Luggage To Stem Losses
North Korea is running out of virgins for Kim Jong-un's dance troupe.
American Airlines' trainee found on 'no-fly' list
Canadian robber nabbed after going back to apologize
North Korea is running out of virgins for Kim Jong-un's dance troupe. It's every dictator's nightmare
How North Korea got itself hooked on meth
Bodybuilder Sneaks Aboard German Leader's Jet, Stages One Man Rave
Man arrested during BMW test drive
Owner of Lennon Tooth Plans to Clone Late Beatle
[Xpost from /r/worldnews] Winnipeg robber nabbed after going back to apologize
Women to NFL: 'Hands off our handbags!'
The quest for sweet semen
8-year-old special sducation student arrested on suspicion of first-degree terroristic threatening
Budget Asian airline unveils child-free zones
The New York Times' prophetic 1983 warning about the NSA
Twitter Users Sad To Hear They May Be Rapists
New Poll Shows Louisiana Republicans Blame Obama For How Bush Handled Hurricane Katrina
John Lennon's tooth unlikely to help resurrect Beatle, expert says
More Louisiana Republicans think Obama was responsible for the poor response to Hurricane Karina than George Bush was
Suspected robber apologizes for crime, then gets arrested
Japanese Scientists Create Meat From Poop
'The pecking dead': Panicked Russians contact authorities to report eerie behaviour of 'zombie pigeons'
Tiger Woods injured again...this time, by hotel bed
More Louisiana Republicans Blame President Obama For Hurricane Katrina Response Than Bush
India: 3 Kg gold found in a man's underwear
Equivalent of 13 white people killed in Egypt
Turkmenistan: Citizens 'forced to buy bikes'
Yahoo overtakes Google in US web traffic
"We are not a church," atheists say. Government lawyers disagree, saying atheist leaders can be considered ministers.
Woman dislocates jaw after biting into a triple hamburger
New research suggests women can make sperm, and men can make eggs
Juicy J is giving 50k Scholarship to "The best chick who can twerk"
Bradley Manning: I want to live as a woman
Dog Saves Cat In Rare Blood Transfusion Op
Canada wages war on defecating geese
Thanks shallot! Indian police foil onion heist
Massive hovercraft lands on crowded Russian beach
Bradley Manning: 'I Am a Female'
Bradley Manning: I want to live as a woman named Chelsea
'BOYFRIEND TRACKER' APP RAISES STIR IN BRAZIL
NFL calls hit by Bears' Jon Bostic 'spectacular'; fines him $21K anyway
Filmmaker Zhang Yimou (House of Flying Daggers) Hired by Communist Party to "Direct" Bo Xilai Trial
More Louisiana GOPers blame Obama for Katrina than Bush
Is Stephen Harper the next Justin Bieber?
Criticising the RSPCA is like wanting paedophiles to escape justice, Brian May claims
Flight attendant trainee sent bomb threats to rival airline
"Sure, some people claim that the franchise has become dull and predictable, but that's the price you pay for innovation." says Mark Rubin, Infinity Wards Executive Producer
Bradley Manning: "I am Chelsea Manning. I am Female."
Bradley Manning says he is now a woman named Chelsea
Rep. Clyburn likens American media to Nazi propagandists
DHS Employee Promotes Race War in Spare Time, Advocates Mass Murder of Whites
Denver Police schedule Reddit "Ask Me Anything" about marijuana
Houston Family's Baby Monitor Targeted by Hacker
Why don't whites have black friends?
Bradley Manning: 'I Am A Female,' Call Me Chelsea
Colorado Legislator: Poverty Higher Among 'Black Race' Because They Eat Too Much Chicken
Sparks fly after Sen. Marble's 'chicken' comment in poverty hearing
Group honors 10-year-old whose lemonade stand was robbed, praises his entrepreneurial spirit
Convicted WikiLeaker Manning wants to live as woman
Black Keys' Singer Loses Bob Dylan's Hair in Divorce
Kenner's kitty crisis: a man, a car, and lots of cat food
Madonna's Gold Teeth Grill
Bradley Manning wants to live as a woman, be known as Chelsea
Bradley Manning says he wants to live as a woman, be called Chelsea
Republican Colorado lawmaker blames minority poverty on fried chicken
Texas law would allow legal documents to be served on Facebook
Bradley Manning: 'I am a woman named Chelsea'
Colorado lawmaker blames minority poverty on fried chicken
JPMorgan Chase not similar to Nazis: report
Rodent fur in Mexican ketchup
Guinea pigs disturb German town with loud sex
Trudeau (Canadian politician) admits to smoking pot since becoming a MP... comes under attack for not drinking coffee
In light of top-secret document leaks that show the U.S. government spied on people, the country's Director of National Intelligence launches a Tumblr blog for greater transparency.
Ecce Homo, which earned the nickname 'Monkey Christ' when it was updated by Cecilia Gimenez, has now remarkably drawn 40,000 visitors, raising €50,000 (£43,000) for charity.
A bus driver was able to avoid a tragedy this morning in downtown Belo Horizonte. The rear axle of the bus he was driving broke, but the driver avoided other vehicles and hit a tree. According to the police, the bus was running with an expired license, so the company was fined R$192 (~US$80 USD).
Louisiana GOP Blame Obama More For Katrine Response
Republicans Say It's Not All About Money in Debt Showdown
Dunkin' Donuts Worker Beaten, Pistol-Whipped Over Botched Vanilla Coffee Order
High School Students Blow The Lid Off Oreo's Double Stuf: There's Only 1.86 Times The Stuf
Rob Ford to arm wrestle Hulk Hogan
Nerf gunfight brings police to Ohio school
DUI bust: Woman on her way to taste ocean also wanted to taste trooper
Gary the Goat Wins His Court Case in Australia
Convicted WikiLeaker Manning wants to live as a woman
There's a Measles Outbreak at Vaccine-Denying Pastor Kenneth Copeland's Fort Worth Church - Dallas - News
Father kicked out of Cardinals game for having son hold his beer.
Worker struck by lightning while operating Creation Museum zip line attraction
Senator cites fried chicken as one reason blacks live in poverty
Accidental shooting was not first for firearms instructor
Tiny North Dakota town stunned to learn of white supremacist's plans
Library closes rooms due to sex
Gay-To-Straight Program To Be Used In All Arizona Public School Curriculums Beginning November 1st
Texting driver in rental car hits manure trailer
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford to arm wrestle Hulk Hogan
Pfc. Manning transitions gender: 'I am Chelsea.'
Bradley Manning announces that she is actually female and wants to be called Chelsea Manning
After Sentencing, Manning Says, 'I Am Female'
Chelsea Manning (Formerly Bradley Manning) says she plans to undergo hormone therapy as soon as possible and wishes to be referred to by female pronouns
Brandy performs to empty stadium in South Africa
Is yoga too religious for schools?
GONE GREEN: Government uproots office plants in continuing effort to trim spending
Amherst police: $600 worth of electric toothbrushes, stolen from CVS on North Pleasant Street, may be destined for black market
Romanian princess served tacos and beer at eastern Oregon cockfight derbies
Breaking: Double Stuf Oreos May Not Actually Be Doubly Stuf'ed; Only 1.86 Times Stuf
UK officials destroy Guardian hard drives in misguided effort to stop Snowden stories
Princess charged in cockfighting ring
Juicy J To Give $50K Scholarship To 'Best Chick That Can Twerk'
Audience evacuated after burlesque dancer's fiery nipple tassles set off fire alarm
Librarian wants to ban 5-time reading champ from contest
Rob Ford and Hulk Hogan to face off in arm-wrestling match
Bradley Manning says wants to live as woman named Chelsea
SCOTUS Judges Played Video Games Before Deciding Violent Video Games Case
Medicinal Marijuana is Now Officially Kosher
Pants-clad man in Merkel jet dance
"I Am Chelsea Manning. I Am a Female": Bradley Manning Announces Gender Transition
50,000 abandoned dogs roaming streets of Detroit in packs
Forward Progressives - New Poll Shows A Third of Louisiana Republicans Blame President Obama for Katrina Response
Man's Last Wish Granted, To Drop $10,000 From The Sky
New law in Shenzhen penalizes inaccurate urinators $16 for missing toilet bowl
Beers Implicated in Emergency Room Visits
If you feel like you're earning less, it's because you are, report shows.
Scientists Discover Link Between Cat Feces and Juggaloism
CATO Institute report says poor Americans have it too good
Horned 'sea monster' washed up on a beach in Spain.
Rapper's Instagram Leads NYPD To Largest Gun Bust In NYC History
Dad asks son to hold beer, kicked out of Arizona Cardinals game
Preachers of L.A. Trailer: Preachers Living Lavishly
NYTimes: Rising Onion Prices Tempt Highway Robbers in India
Dumb Criminal Tries To Pass Off Ice Blocks As iPads For Fun And Profit
Motorcycle and bear collide; police blame distracted driving
Beatlemaniac hell-bent on generating army of John Lennons from tooth DNA
Hallelujah! Christians Pole Dance for Jesus in Texas
Effort to Clone John Lennon Moves Forward
Bradley Manning wants to live as a woman, be called Chelsea
Coolio selling off music catalogue rights to fund career as a chef
Naked Breastfeeding Yoga Mom Says That Photo Was Not Staged
Christian Youth Leader Uses Grindr To Recruit Gays
World shocked as prominent Indian spiritual leader, formerly best known for view that women can stop gang rape by request, is booked as a pedophile; blames child.
Woman dislocates jaw eating 'triple-patty' burger
The Black Keys' Dan Auerbach loses 'Bob Dylan's hair' in divorce settlement
New 'Christian Swingers' Dating Site Offers Faithful Couples Chance to 'Hookup'
Dentist Wants to Clone John Lennon Using DNA Extracted from a Tooth
Ryanair tells cabin crew to lose weight in latest bid to save money
Paramedic has heart attack giving CPR
Bomb scare ensues when man throws plastic chocolate milk bottle under MBTA bus
The Double Stuf Oreo May Be Missing Some Stuf
Two Of Three Missing Aliens Returned
Ice Cream Cone Mascot Mistaken for a KKK Member
Owners of Ice Cream Family Corner and Sandwiches say passers-by have mistaken their white-hooded ice cream cone mascot for a KKK protester.
On your bikes! Turkmenistan president orders entire nation to saddle up for national cycling day
Ben Affleck Announced as the New BATMAN!
Ben Affleck Is the New Batman
New Law in North Carolina Bans Latest Scientific Predictions of Sea-Level Rise
Anti-fluoride campaigner tries to silence science
Man Regrets Buying $200 Dollar Car
Man keeps his licence despite being caught on motorised icebox while drunk on pineapple vodka and low-carb beer
Ben Affleck to play Batman in "Man of Steel" sequel
Meet the cops who give Doritos to potheads!
Sysco Food Stored in Dirty Sheds Served to Bay Area Restaurants
"Bored" Oklahoma teenagers shoot and kill Australian baseball player
Family Moves To Woods, Complains About, Well, Living In The Woods
Gun goes off in kindergartner's backpack at Tennessee school
Ben Affleck Is Batman for 'Man of Steel' Sequel
Juicy J offers than revokes twerking scholarship
Esky rider was three times over limit when he drove cooler to McDonald's
Stressed doctor cuts off patient's penis
Toasted cheese scientifically proven
Posted this in /r/atheism, everyone thought it would do well here too. TAIPEI, Taiwan - A lion attacked a man who jumped into its zoo enclosure here Wednesday and shouted, "Jesus will save you!" at the animal, an eyewitness said.
Police investigate after queen's swan found barbecued
No, Mars Won't Be as Big as the Moon. Ever.
Time Warner's fix for CBS blackout: Free rabbit ears!
Are the stars not aligned for the rupee?
Somerville worries it's growing too hip
Shorewood neighbors describe murder suspect as unfriendly
HIV ended this girl's sexmarathon with 100000 men
Disgruntled Republican Sues Republican Party for Political Malpractice
More than 500 of them have been stolen from Cumberland Farms stores in several states in recent months
Swaziland: Witches banned from flying above 150m
Mayor Bloomberg: Take Fewer Bathroom Breaks to Succeed
Toronto Mayor Ford takes down Hulk Hogan: 'I own this town!' mayor boasts while defeating Hulkster in arm-wrestling match
Pope Francis has a habit of phoning strangers: 'It's the pope' | Toronto Star
Worcester Says Nga Truong's Lawyer To Blame For Time She Spent Behind Bars
Vibrator Causes Post Office Bomb Scare
Flacco: Ray Lewis' Pep Talks Didn't Make Sense
Toronto mayor defeats Hulk Hogan in arm-wrestling
Man gets attacked after trying to convert Lions to Christians in its den
Barack Obama urged to condemn Ben Affleck Batman casting
Joe Flacco admits Ray Lewis' motivation speeches made no sense
Uefa urged to ban animal slaughter in European competition after Shakhter Karagandy kill sheep
Kim Jong Un Doesn't Know What To Do As North Korea Is Running Out Of Virgins
Chinese 'ghostbuster' tells woman that he's found ghosts inside her vagina - must exorcise her by putting his penis inside her, transferring the ghosts from her vagina to his penis
Adult film actress 'distraught' after testing positive for HIV
CNBC Argues That 'Call Of Duty' Keeps Guys From Finding Dates
Pope Francis has a habit of phoning strangers: 'It's the pope'
Bacon festival runs out of bacon - you can guess how this ends
Riot at juvenile correctional facility triggered by fight over cups of noodles
Bacon Fest gets out of hand in Dayton, angering huge crowd
Barack Obama outs Sunny the dog as source of White House 'leaks'
People who highlight minor grammar points are amazing
Tea partier at Ted Cruz town hall: 'Canada is not really foreign soil'
Catholic Bishop: Homophobia is 'Mental Illness'
Oklahoma man found in septic tank pleads guilty
Helicopter Lands At Salisbury Strip Club To Deliver Tiny Exotic Dancer
Surge in wolf attacks in France prompts call to bring in American hunters, because the French "don't know how to kill wolves"
NYU Nihilist Club Cancels First Meeting (old)
Paula Deen shoots Trayvon Martin in new (Law and Order) SVU episode
'Law and Order: SVU' to Feature Paula Deen Killing Trayvon Martin
US radio host: '90% of Americans would find homosexual behaviour disgusting if they thought about it'
Apprentice star Luisa Zissman defends apostrophe move
Inmates to be charged fees to stay in prison
The Sienese Are Whipping Each Other with Dried Bulls' Penises As Their City Collapses
Ted Cruz: 'I Am Secretly A Citizen Of Ethiopia'
Hospital Fined for Putting Poop Germs in Patients' Brains on Purpose
Esperma de tiburon: Mexican politician uses shark sperm for 'expression lines' (VIDEO)
Elena Kagan Admits Supreme Court Justices Haven't Quite Figured Out Email Yet
George Zimmerman Visits Florida Gun Maker Kel-Tec
Brandy performs to just 40 people in 90,000-seat stadium in South Africa, walks off stage
A Hungarian neo-Nazi politician discovers his grandmother was a Jewish Auschwitz survivor
Arts majors jump ahead of tech grads in landing jobs
Under Obama, black unemployment back to twice the white rate
City Mice Smarter than Country Mice
Anderson inmates to 'pay to stay'
San Diego mayor resigns, cites 'lynch mob'
Woman settles $105,000 parking fine
Curren$y Gets Too High, Misses Wiz Khalifa's Wedding
Dunkin' Donuts Employee Endures Beating. Pistol Whipping For Delivering Wrong Coffee.
'Paula Deen' Shoots 'Trayvon Martin' in 'Law & Order: SVU' Episode
Texas girl, 10, charged with rape after playing 'doctor' in game
Man Acquitted of Champagne Bottle Attack on Dubstep Fan
Pigeon Jailed for Carrying Drugs
Bill For Three Years In Airport Parking Lot? $106,000
Prairie Village police ticket 26 bicyclists for disobeying stop sign at Prairie Village Post
Fan of The Beatles plans to clone John Lennon using DNA from tooth
Ballmer Quits, Instantly Makes (Almost) $1 Billion
Samsung pays Apple $1 billion with 30 trucks of nickels
CNN TO VAPORIZE NEW DR. SANJAY GUPTA WEED STRAIN
Ben Affleck Petition Asks Warner Bros. To Take Back His Batman Gig
"Hitler" Fried Chicken--KFC Logo Gets Troubling "Nazi Chic" Makeover
Oxford English Dictionary Officially Updates Marriage Definition to Include Same-Sex Couples
Matthew Matagrano Gets 10 Years In Prison For ... Breaking Into Prison
New Device Gives Extreme Facebookers Electric Shock For Wasting Too Much Time On Social Media Site
Man who bashed coworker with bottle for changing Michael Jackson song just beat the charges
Dentist hopes to clone John Lennon using ex-Beatle's tooth
An Open Letter to Kanye West from the Association of French Bakers
Japanese companies using 'banishment rooms' to push employees to resign
Man robs Portland bank for $1, wanted free health care in jail
Swiss refuse to give ski lifts to North Korea.
Swiss refuse to give North Korea ski lifts, being seen as a response to 2018 winter games.
President and CEO of "Food for the Poor" named Robin Mahfood
AdBlock running ads to promote AdBlock
Fort Worth Halts Demolitions: 2 Wrong Houses Razed
Fidel thinks Americans should vote for a robot over Obama
Crack Smoking Mayor Rob Ford Arm-Wrestled Hulk Hogan And Won
Coping with the loss of an online world
USPTO Rejects Submission Because It Was Faxed 'Upside Down'
Wild Dogs Overrun Parts of Detroit
Boy Kicked Out Of Reading Competition Because He Reads Too Much
Google's Artificial Brain Learns to Find Cat Videos
Neo-Nazis plan to build all-white city in North Dakota
Candidates agree: Holocaust museum wrong place for abortion protest.
BBC News - MoD spent £40,000 on calling speaking clock
Steve Ballmer just made $625 million by firing himself
Vaccine-fearing Texas megachurch urges flock to immunize after measles outbreak
Favorite music makes teens drive badly: Teen driver music preferences increase errors and distractibility.
In Dick Move, Prince Smashes Other Guy's Guitar on 'Fallon'
Woman pays £1,800 for chicken leg.
Marines on bachelor party lasso giant tiger shark
Gun Instructor Accidentally Shoots Someone... Again
Florida Beaches running out of sand, consider recycling glass to produce more
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford beats Hulk Hogan in friendly arm-wrestle
A world without Adolf Hitler - but not everyone's happy
Birds can tell the speed limit on certain roads
Seattle Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch Bear-Hugs Aaron Rodgers, Tickles His Mustache
Next Week, Elon Musk Will Unveil Another Technology That Sounds Totally Insane And Is Straight Out Of A Movie Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/elon-musk-video-designing-rocket-parts-with-hand-gestures-2013-8#ixzz2cwXIvg1s
Woman found alive 13 days after her funeral
Don't worry, that dangerous bike dude is an anomaly
Newspaper columnist goes topless in interview with Kelowna mayor
Adblock looking for crowdfunding to fund an advertising campaign to advertise Adblock.
One Million Cockroaches Flee China Farm: Report
Ambulance saves the life of a burglar who cut himself when he tried to break a window and rob the ambulance
Man blows up house inflating air mattress
The 12-year-old parrot, who has been irritating neighbours for two years, also whistles the theme tune to 'The Addams Family'.
'The King of Gypsies' laid to rest... in an air-conditioned coffin?
Man convinces woman her vagina is haunted and tries to rid ghosts with his penis
Snapping turtle terrorizes Bavarian lake
Lemonade Stands Lobby For Background Checks
Paula Deen Shoots Trayvon Martin In New SVU Episode.
Zurich divided as sex drive-in opens its doors
Billionaire philanthropist Pritzker announces she is now a woman
A Fresh Sound: Whole Foods Starts Selling Records
Let's Have Beautiful People Reading Beautiful News On The Box All Of The Time
Why Network Marketing Is Not For The Faint of Heart
Police: Man Threatens To Kill Wife Over Cat Litter
Soldier who 'sucked at being a civilian' earns Medal of Honor
'Ghostbuster' Arrested After Claiming His PENIS Could EXORCIZE Ghosts From Inside Women
No Human Involvement In Sexual Assault Of Toddler
Neo-Nazi plans to build an all-white city of racists in North Dakota
Man intentionally crashes motor home into Boring tavern
Soliciting Sex With Children Will Now Be a Federal Offense
14-Year-Old Charged With Trafficking Heroin
German law change to 'recognize third sex'
Russia cracks down on Pastafarian activists
According to the dictionary, "literally" now also means "figuratively"
American Airlines flight attendant trainee arrested for bomb threats
South Carolina restaurant ejected African-American customers when white person felt 'threatened'
New York Sues Donald Trump For $40 Million
Israel's Most Liberal City Introduces Racially Segregated Kindergartens
Skittles Sales Up After Trayvon Martin Shooting
Same Crew Demolished Wrong House Two Days In A Row
Vicki Marble, GOP Lawmaker, Links Poverty To Fried Chicken, BBQ
Star Wars Themed Strip Club to Open Near Georgia Tech
City Of Fort Worth Demolished Wrong Home For A Second Time
NSFW Looky-loos cause chaos at Vancouver 'go topless' demonstration (with video)
Donald Trump being sued by New York for $40 million - National Conservative
Qld man 'buried ute' to get insurance cash
MIT Students use shock therapy to stop facebook addiction. [xpost from /r/technology]
MIT Students use shock therapy to stop facebook addiction.
Girl dies after falling into mid-day meal curry cauldron in Odisha
Man convicted of manslaughter after killing his wife with farts in "Dutch oven gone horribly wrong"
Will we ever want to have sex with robots?
Colorado lawmaker says cause of minority poverty is fried chicken
4 Startup Lessons From 'Breaking Bad'
Man builds illegal mountain resort on top of a Beijing apartment block
Farming Simulator's biggest fans are farmers, dev says
WANE - 10 police cars chase moped
Microsoft: Google's corrupting your kids at school
Dog The Bounty Hunter wants to catch Snowden
Two shot at memorial for murdered teen
Kenyan trio in 'wife-sharing' deal
Glasgow man says Edinburgh ketchup charge 'racist'
Whole Foods is selling vinyl records now, naturally
Melvins Show Ruined by Dude Who Was 'Tripping Balls' | SPIN
Masked superhero to the rescue at Tokyo subway station
UN to complain to Syrian government and rebels after sniper attack on chemical weapons inspectors' convoy
Naked Church Camp Counselor Touches 13 Year Old Boy With Penis; Church Calls It "Horseplay"
Study: Less Time at the Office Doesn't Make People Happier
Finnish Court Censors Website That Criticizes Censorship
A little fly poop is dirty. A lot of fly poop is art.
Liberia students all fail university admission exam
Swiss City to Unveil Taxpayer-Funded "Sex Boxes" for Prostitutes
Moped Rider Leads Police on Nearly 1-Hour Low-Speed Chase
Drone crashes into spectators at Virginia bull run
South Florida Running Out of Sand
At least 1 million cockroaches in great escape from Chinese farm.
Vikings Want Christian Ponder to Slide Head First
Jersey pensioners get letter asking if they still exist
Conn. Officer Kills Lizard Found Menacing Chickens
LSD is good for you, say Norway researchers
UN to issue a 'strong complaint' to Syria after inspectors fired on
Zurich introduces 'drive-in' sex
Church Group Members Threatened With Arrest for Handing Out Biscuits, Coffee to the Homeless
More Gawkers Than Topless Women at "Go Topless Day" March
Russian tourists beat Polish bear(source in Polish)
'I'd Tap That' And Other NSA Pick-Up Lines Are All The Rage
Chopping Wood a Manlier Feel than Sports
Two-Car Accident In Bells Leaves Driver Upset
Texas Megachurch Reverses Anti-Vaccination Stance After 20 members of its congregation contract measles
Radioactive Bluefin Tuna Caught Off California Coast
Ginger Hackler: Kentucky caregiver accused of biting toddler
N.C. Police Threaten to Arrest Church Group For Feeding the Homeless
GOP Gov. Bobby Jindal: Racism Wouldn't Exist If Minorities Would Just Act Like White People (VIDEO)
Texas Pastafarian Wins Battle At DMV, Becomes First In U.S. To Wear Colander In License Photo
Environmental Campaign Suggests Naming Vicious Storms After Climate-Change Deniers 'Marco Rubio threatens everything in his path'
NSA promises transparency by launching new Tumblr blog
To clarify, I did not write ...
To clarify, I did not write this...
9 SWAT-like agents storm an animal shelter and shoot a fawn
Deadly Mexico train derailment blamed on stolen nails
Zurich opens drive-in 'sex boxes'
Why twerking is already over: A countdown
Google Glass Responds to Siri's Smack Talk
Man dies while skydiving in Yolo county
Man robs bank in small town where he grew up (where many residents know him) and tries to flee on bicycle.
Police: Handcuffed arrestee flees in squad car
Woman denied haircut at men's only barbershop in Westdale
Billy Ray Cyrus says the devil and David Lynch destroyed his family
Beautiful ancient bronze ring found by archeologists on the Arctic Circle was not for a woman...but a bear
Jamie Foxx To Miley Cyrus: "Do Some Heroin... Catch Chlamydia... "
Chip shop makes ketchup free after racism claims - News
Woman to cops: Help! There's a gator in my tub
Marijuana Overdose 911 Call from Police Officer
Kids in Japan sent to internet 'fasting camps' to cure screen addiction
Gunman shoots himself in leg before bungled hit on cyclist
Man arrested for stealing 200 bicycle seats for their 'scent of a woman'
Lawsuit claims United let passenger masturbate through flight
Bully book co-authors accuse each other of bullying, plagiarism
Two Russian tourists from Chelyabinsk beat Polish bear
Rodeo Clown 'Would Be Honored' To Shake Obama's Hand
Shakhter Karagandy manager defends sheep-sacrificing ritual
Edinburgh chip shop accused of racism over 25p ketchup charge for Glaswegian man
8-Year-Old Boy Shoots Grandmother After Playing Grand Theft Auto IV
Man threatens a woman's car, couch, and dog and then stabs her house with a large kitchen knife over broken plans.
'Friends of Syria' group makes plans to bomb Syria
J.D. Salinger Will Publish Five More Goddamn Books
J.P. Morgan forecloses on O.J. Simpson
Man hires expensive defense team from donations, wins case getting away with murder, sues state for hundreds of thousands of dollars toward cost of legal defense
Man hires expensive legal defense team with donations, is acquitted of murder, sues state for hundreds of thousands of dollars toward defense cost
Chinese Carmaker Licenses "Snowden" Name For New Electric Vehicle
This Wasn't The First Time That Ohio Gun Safety Instructor Shot Someone By Accident
Customer swallows human toe in Dawson City
Sex, cats and introverts: what makes the internet go round
Twerking: A Scientific Explanation
Armed Man Waiting for Raccoon Accidentally Shoots Self While Sneezing
Bo claims to wear 50-year-old underwear at trial
Fired for being too attractive? Iowa court says it's legal
PETA Claims That Chicken Wings Will Give You A Small Penis
Jersey City high school candidate for student gov't sent racist texts to himself, school official says.
Yaksmen Claim Persecution, May Leave Arcata
Kenyans tell China: Hands off our elephants
The Nobel Peace Prize Citation for Barack H. Obama
Mom charged with homicide after giving birth in sports bar bathroom, dumping baby in toilet before returning to watch wrestling match
Air Force Bans Greek Yogurt With Hemp Seeds Over Anti-Drug Policy Concerns
Sri Lanka police in doghouse over canine wedding ceremony
Air Force bans Greek yogurt with hemp seed
There Is Plenty of Gay Sex in Karachi, Pakistan
Pat Robertson: Gay people will cut you and give you AIDS with special rings.
Visitor accidentally drops smartphone at zoo. Monkey refuses to give it back.
Robin Thicke's Mom Reacts to Miley Cyrus's Move: 'I Can't Unsee It'
Hamburger Chef Jamie Oliver Proves McDonald's Burgers "Unfit for human consumption"
Monkey at zoo refuses to return the smartphone dropped by a visitor
Wedding ceremony for police dogs, including 'honeymoons,' sparks outrage
Racist Attacks Restaurant Patrons, Including Baby, With Soy Sauce--Says 'Go Back to China'
Police use official Twitter accounts to keep up with celebrity news
Pa. woman gives birth in sports bar, suffocates newborn and hides body in toilet tank
Leader of Anti-Semite party in Hungry finds out that he's Jewish and backtracks all his statements about the holocaust not happening
Rival campers who opened fire turn out to be sheriff's deputies
Woman charged with feeding family poisoned burritos waved hearing
Modest start for Switzerland's first drive-in 'sex boxes"
Pregnant Twerking: Cooler Than Nicki Minaj?
All 25,000 students who took University of Liberia admission test fail
RG3: "I'm 100 percent, but you can't put a number on it"
Endangered wolf wanders into Kentucky after 150 years away, is promptly shot
Police seize painting of Vladimir Putin in a negligee
Kentucky's first gray wolf in 150 years shot by hunter
Naked breastfeeding yoga mom photo 'not staged'
Pippi Longstocking Sex Tape Being Shopped Around Because Your Childhood Was A Lie And People Are Gross
After injecting poop bacteria into brain cancer patients' brains, doctors forced to resign
The 2014 Toyota Corolla Is 2003's Best New Car
Former Mont. teacher gets 30 days for student rape
All 25,000 students fail university entrance exam in Liberia
S.C. restaurant refused to seat black patrons
Zurich turns to drive-in 'sex boxes' for prostitutes
Pat Robertson: Gays Spread AIDS Deliberately With Rings
S.F. Gays Use Sharp Jewelry To Spread AIDS, Claims Pat Robertson
Hong Kong's Fake Skyline Banners Allow Tourists to Get Good Shots on Hazy Days
"Twerk" just got added to the Oxford Dictionary
Police bust ends 'free sex after nine car washes'
Hole will make giant pumpkin ineligible for fair
California Is Cutting Jobs At Its Unemployment Office
Police Smelled Marijuana on 2 Chainz Tour Bus
A man accused of stealing his father's body from a Detroit cemetery with the hope of bringing him back to life has pleaded guilty...
Atheist Sent To Jail For Rejecting God, In Blatant Violation Of The Constitution -
Texas pastor who preached that vaccines were linked to autism is blamed for measles outbreak in his community (x-post /r/news)
Dog Takes Car for a Ride, Hits Street Sign
Plastic surgeon creates the perfect woman, marries her
Leon Smith Cuddled With Fox He Thought Was His Girlfriend
Police respond to 911 call about 'massive freaking' spider
Boulder man kills raccoon with nail-studded board as 'revenge' for cat's death
Researchers take on crucial question: Are haters gonna hate?
Man fined $500 for purposely swallowing human toe at Yukon hotel
Putin Orders Massive Strike Against Saudi Arabia If West Attacks
No complaints about this traffic cop
Widow Asks Public For Help Finding Missing Parrot That Speaks In Late Husband's Voice
Kentucky students to first lady Michelle Obama: Your food 'tastes like vomit'
'Slane Girl' - concert-goer who was photographed performing sex acts - hospitalized after vicious cyberbullying
Colorado strip club accused of exploiting dancers
Man wears blackface on online dating site. [x-post from r/OkCupid
Man's 'anonymous' how-to-grow-marijuana videos showed face, address
Ex-convict sentenced to prison for sneaking into jail
Drunk moose escaped police
UK's MoD spent £40,000 on calling speaking clock
Drunk moose escaped police (Sweden)
In Detroit, Vincent Bright admits stealing father's body in hopes of bringing him back to life
Ten Reasons Why You Should Go And Kill A Badger Right Now
Son guilty of stealing father's corpse [with the hope of bringing him back to life]
None Of The 25,000 Students Who Took The University Of Liberia Admission Test Passed It
Illegal vodka pipeline discovered in Kyrgyzstan
Pat Robertson claims gays have special rings on their fingers to transmit AIDS.
Sri Lankan police apologize for dog wedding
Arizona teen, another 'Into the Wild' fan, perishes in wilderness
Daughter of duck attack victim: 'He just wasn't expecting it'
Obama: My speech at March anniversary "won't be as good" as Dr. King's
The parallels between Macklemore and Martin Luther King, Jr.
An Iranian inventor has invented a device that can violate the second law of thermodynamics.
Sri Lanka police forced to apologise for group dog wedding
Wearing blackface on your OkCupid profile apparently not a good idea
Anti-vaccine megachurch hit with measles epidemic
Colorado man reportedly confesses to raccoon revenge killing: 'All raccoons must die!'
Angus Man Diagnosed with Chronic Lateness Condition
Female League of Legends Characters Banned at an Iranian Tournament
Judge Lets Teacher Off With 30 Days For Repeated Rapes of 14-Year-Old Student
N.J. black teen in majority-white school caught sending racist texts to self
U.S. man pleads guilty to stealing father's body in hope of raising him from the dead
'Twerking' and 'selfie' added to Oxford dictionary
Harry Potter Fashion Line Sexies up Hogwarts
Oxford Dictionary Adds 'Twerking'
Yukon bar patron swallows famous mummified human toe, pays fine, leaves town
Oxford Dictionary adds 'twerk.' Srsly!
Miley Cyrus misses her own post-VMA party to record tracks with Kanye West
N. Korea sees 'bright future' in tourism
Nintendo Announces 2DS, Plays 3DS Games in 2D
Murder suspect claims 88-year-old victim shorted him in crack cocaine deal
Nintendo announces Nintendo 2DS handheld console
The Huffington Post: Hilary Duff's Shorts Are So Short They Could Pass For Underwear.
Grand Theft Auto 'therapeutic' for kids, say psychologists
Venezuelan President Pushes For Schools To Multiply Just Like Christ Multiplied The Penises
Apple Tries to Trademark the Word 'Startup'
UEFA warns Kazakh soccer club that it could face disciplinary action if it continues the ritual slaughter of animals before matches
Customer Fined $500 for Swallowing Human Toe in Canadian Bar
Measles Outbreak Traces To Vaccine-Refusing Megachurch
$175,000 Austin homeless sculpture gets support from council members
Finally, You Can Wrap Your Ford in Bacon
Strip Club Patron Left Daughter, 7, In Locked Car
Robertson: Gay People Deliberately Spread HIV/AIDS By Cutting People With Special Rings
Zimbabwe outlines plans for 'Disneyland in Africa'
Whole Foods Tightens Yuppie Stranglehold With Vinyl Sales
Drunken elk gang flees Stockholm cops
Nintendo 2DS launching October 12
Acupuncture helps ailing alligator in Brazil
Spooked mayor calls the ghostbusters
Man Swallows Severed Human Toe At Bar, Drops Mic, Skips Town
Iranian League of Legends Tournament Bans Female Characters
Black Parents Need to Get It Together, Says Former Tea Party Congressman Sued Over Child Support
Florida schools banning cheerleaders from wearing uniforms during school because they are 'too vulgar'
Emergency room to be named for Abercrombie and Fitch
Seattle woman arrested for racist soy sauce attack
Spy satellite launched into orbit
Facebook friends can affect your ability to secure loan
Texas turns to Ted Nugent to control feral pig epidemic
Russell Simmons Sorry for Harriet Tubman "Sex Tape"
Not enough to graduate college: Now there's an exit exam
Oxford English dictionary adds "twerk" and "selfie" to its quarterly update.
Brampton Muslim cleric preaches adulterers, gays can benefit from being stoned to death
Iranian League of Legends Tournament Bans a Bunch of Female Characters for Being Too Revealing
Man said overfilled Walmart shopping bag led to wife's death
Judge defends 30-day sentence for teacher who raped girl
Chicago Alderman calls for deployment of drones to protect kids walking to school. (xpost from /r/chicago)
Dispute Over Used Tampon Left On The Floor Leads To Woman's Arrest For Battering Husband
Chicago Alderman calls for deployment of drones to protect kids walking to school
Lawmaker Leading Call for Arming Teachers Accidentally Shot a Teacher
Christopher Lane Shooting: Fox News Commentator Janet Morana Blames Abortion.
Sri Lankan police apologise for dog wedding
This just in: Haters gonna Hate
Donald Rumsfeld says administration hasn't justified Syria attack
Bald Eagle crashes into window as crowd chants USA...USA
How one man turns annoying cold calls into cash
Drones For Safe Passage? 'Why Not?' Ald. Cardenas Asks
Woman calls Police claiming her drug dealer scammed her
Haters are gonna hate: Dispositional attitude study confirms it
Teen accused of killing WWII vet says 88-year-old skimped on crack deal
In collisions with metal posts, cyclists always lose
In Japan, the Elderly Are Holding Their Own Funerals
Scary Sadako from 'The Ring' throws out nightmarishly good first pitch.
In Israel, Orthodox men demand beard-friendly gas masks
Burger King to Serve Up French Fry Burger
Justin Bieber And Miley Cyrus Have A New Song Called "Twerk" Because Of Course They Do
Nicolas Maduro Verbal Gaffe: Venezuelan President Pushes For Schools To Multiply 'Just Like Christ Multiplied The Penises'
My garden has been needing some new fertilizer.
Finally, The First Home Pregnancy Test That Tells You How Pregnant You Are
Football fan who punched horse claims he acted in self defence.
Dating app matches lonely salad lovers
Attorney suspended for asking client to meet him at her home naked
Desire for pie led to threat to blow up shop
Everybody Is Missing Miley Cyrus' Sad And Devastating Message
College athletes' honesty caught on security camera
Former teacher in Montana gets 30 days in jail for raping student who later committed suicide
Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber Collaborate on New Song "Twerk"
Kim Jong Un orders execution of music star ex-girlfriend
Mum 'very close to tears' as son starts school
Israeli troops caught doing Gangnam style with Palestinians on the West Bank.
Obama Hasn't Made Case For Striking Syria, Rumsfeld Says
Chinese shopping malls installing women-only Pink Ladies' Parking zones
Area Man Realizes He's Been Reading Fake News For 25 Years
Man Swallows Toe On Purpose, Pays $500 Fine
Rumsfeld: Obama hasn't justified Syria attack
Kim Jong-un's ex-girlfriend 'executed by firing squad for appearing in porn films'
Starbucks fires employee on food stamps for eating a sandwich from the garbage
'Mugabe toilet paper' man acquitted
Foam Finger Inventor Says Miley Cyrus 'Degraded an Honorable Icon'
Police: University of Illinois student taken for $4,000 ride to campus from O'Hare
New Jersey college football players "caught" being honest
If You Send Your Kid to Private School, You Are a Bad Person
Kazakhstan Football Fans Blame Loss on Sheep-Slaughter Ban
Association Of French Bakers Pens Open Letter To Kanye West Concerning His Croissant Line In "I Am A God"
Couple Arrested For Shacking Up At Home Depot
Monument to Azathoth shows up in Oklahoma
Obama Promises Syrua Strike Will Have No Objective
Police: St. Louis woman calls 911 to complain drug dealer charges too much
Kim Jong-un's ex-girlfriend reportedly executed by firing squad
Sanjay Gupta explains the best way to get high on marijuana
Texas Deputy Sues 911 Caller For Not 'Adequately Warning' Him Of Potential Danger Or 'Making The Premises Safe'
Creationist: Miley Cyrus twerking is 'the fruit of humanism'
Study Confirms: Haters Gonna Hate
Plastic surgeon creates "ideal wife" with Wonder Woman Makeover
Obesity could be caused by bacteria: French study
PayPal Credits $92 Quadrillion to Man by Accident
Obama Promises Syria Strike Will Have No Objective
Texas Man Allowed To Take License Photo With Pasta Strainer On Head
You can now be held liable for texting a driver in New Jersey
Plastic Surgeon Uses His Skills to Create the Perfect Wife
Sly Stone: 'Albino musicians could neutralise all the racial problems'
NASA celebrates successful helicopter crash
BBC News - E-mail error ends up on road sign
Kim Jong-un's ex-lover 'executed by firing squad'
The Creator of the Foam Finger Is Deeply Upset with Miley Cyrus
'Fox & Friends' Kills Twerking Forever
Camper Wakes With Head in Wolf's Jaws
Missing Teen Fascinated With 'Into the Wild' Found Dead.
Plattsmouth man sues Wal-Mart, says overfilled plastic bag led to wife's death
Police find Chase Bank robbery suspect stuck in garbage chute
Man accused of firing an arrow with pot attached to it onto the roof of a jail said he was aiming at a squirrel.
Man who fired marijuana-wrapped arrow at Washington jail claims he was squirrel hunting
Goat on Gresham roof 'respects one man,' and it isn't police officers
David Barton: If There's No Prayer at a Public School Graduation, That's a Promotion of Atheism
Shut Down Train Lines to Save Couple of Kittens? -- Daily Intelligencer
Sheriff: Man shoots arrow wrapped with marijuana at Whatcom County Jail | Crime
"What are the cultural implications of twerking?" Quote from NPR advert in DC
Kim Jung Un's ex-girlfriend executed by machine gun in North Korea for allegedly making porn videos
1988: Lunch trip to McDonald's takes 22 hours, 250 miles
Senator Who Advocates Arming Teachers Accidentally Shoots Teacher With Rubber Bullet
Princeton new jersey schools require helmets for soccer players.
NEWS›CHINA INSIDER ANIMAL WELFARE Bad aim with poisoned dart costs Chinese dog killer his life
Columbia SC to exile its homeless.
Bad aim with poisoned dart costs Chinese dog killer his life
Charles Clymer: My Proposal for a Bill That Bans Male Masturbation in Texas
Man in cow onesie spotted stealing steak
Cooked Squid Inseminates Woman's Mouth
Texas Couple Appeals Sentence for 'Satanic Ritual Abuse'
PETA wants pregnant women band for fear of infants penis size
PETA wants women banned from chicken wing eating contest due to fear over unborn children penis size
Widower sues Wal-Mart, says bag caused death
PETA wants women banned from chicken wing eating contest for fear of unborn children penis shrinkage
Maybe this is why they termed it "crack."
123 people have pledged real money so that Uwe Boll can make a Postal 2 movie
Ania Lisewska, Polish Woman, Wants To Have Sex With 100,000 Men
Report: Kim Jong Un's Former Lover Executed by Firing Squad After Making Sex Tape
Lawmaker Who Wants to Arm Teachers Accidentally Shoots One (With a Rubber Bullet)
Tor usage doubles in under a week, and no one knows why
Pennsylvania Student Will Literally Die if Exposed to Axe Body Spray
Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber team up for new song called Twerk
Police monitor vagina exhibition
Texas town says goodbye to 'hello'
Trojan asteroid in Uranus' orbit: Planets are 'playing ball' with it
'Alien' radio promotion becomes school threat debacle
8-year-old crashes car killing 6-year-old sister
Pacific Rim blasted in China as being propaganda to "to demonstrate the U.S. commitment to maintaining stability in the Asia-Pacific"
Monument to 'god of chaos' mysteriously appears in front of Oklahoma City restaurant
Artist Who Painted Putin In Women's Underwear Seeks Asylum In France
Artist who painted Putin, Medvedev in women's undies flees to France
Foam finger inventor Steve Chmelar's fury as Miley Cyrus 'misrepresents' his creation
Toledo Hospital Threw Out Donor Kidney, Now Denies Negligence
12 year old robs lemonade stand with BB-Gun in Pennsylvania
Teen commits suicide after cops crack Facebook joke
Florida to call on Labrador retrievers to stem Giant Snail invasion
Beard-Friendly 'Bardas' Gas Masks Demanded By Israeli Orthodox Jews
Bro, your Mum's on News.com
Angus man diagnosed with chronic lateness
Students win prize for study that finds the potato is not the most Irish vegetable
Scott Walker blames lack of jobs in Wisconsin on civil unrest in Syria
Girl, 6, dies in joyride with 8-year-old brother
Cities will kill us all!
Evangelist adorns 'Biblical Principles of Child Discipline' book with 'Modern Family' image he found via Google
The residents of Leith, ND are working to stop a planned white supremacist colony from taking over their local government.
Sword-Wielding Muslim Charges California Deputies Screaming "Allah Akbar"
Suspected smoke over Colsterworth turns out to be a cloud
Papua New Guinea: 'Black Jesus' Tari Killed
Mega-church downsizes, cuts non-essential members.
Hungarian Neo-Nazi Learns He's Jewish
Senator who advocates arming teachers accidentally shoots teacher with a rubber bullet
Jail Becomes Home for Husband Stuck With Lifetime Alimony
France lifts 200-year-old trouser ban on women
Scared Residents Call Police After 'Aliens' Take Over Radio Station
Ludlow looks to ban Drift Trikes
Exotic dancers sue strip club over exploitation
Peabody Victoria's Secret robbed of 72 bra
Tooth Fairy inflation: Price of a tooth nears $4
High school student with Axe allergy hospitalized after exposure
Boy peeing in B.C. mall trash bin photo sparks online debate
Adorable Runaway Kittens Shut Down Part of the New York Subway
Peabody Victoria's Secret robbed of 72 bras
Kim Jong Un Tipped to Win in Latest North Korea Poll
Kim Jong-un's approval rating higher than Barack Obama's
PETA: Eating Chicken Wings During Pregnancy Could Affect Baby's Penis Size
Man trying to turn tiny North Dakota town into colony for white supremacists
China News site passes off Battlestar Galactica as aircraft carrier
HTC Mini+: a small phone for your smartphone (yes, really) Read more: HTC Mini+: a small phone for your smartphone (yes, really) | News | PC Pro http://www.pcpro.co.uk/news/383890/htc-mini-a-small-phone-for-your-smartphone-yes-really#ixzz2dTTwFpgU
French bakers to Kanye West: "We will serve no croissants before their time"
Tap the Water Sommelier for High-end H2O [VIDEO]
Assad's Son Hafez, 11, Goads Obama on Facebook to Attack Syria
Papua New Guinea cult leader 'Black Jesus' killed.
Cops: Woman Hid Stolen $5000 In Her Rectum
Twerk Hard and Earn a $50,000 College Scholarship Courtesy Of Juicy J
With Budgets in Crisis, US Military Invests in Magic
$17.7 million grant to fill inner loop approved (Rochester, NY)
Kittens Run onto Subway Tracks in Brooklyn, Trains Shut Down (redditready headline)
Dennis Rodman may be going back to North Korea to rescue a Korean American hostage.
'Kangaroo Tries to Drown Dog' video sparks anger in Australia
How Chris Christie Is Leading A 'Sex Cult' And Turning New Jersey Into Gay Saudi Arabia
Ed Miliband 'Is A F***ing C***' Over Syria, Government Source Tells Times
Charlie Trotter Steals Art from High School Students
"Superman vs. Batman" Requires Decimated City, Calls Detroit
Bill O'Reilly Admits He Was Wrong And Apologizes
Police: Man in wheelchair attacked with I Can't Beleive It's Not
Grand Valley State Football Player Out 4-6 Weeks After Teammate Runs Him Over With Pickup Truck
Subway Kittens Finally Rescued, Will Be Put Up For Adoption
Pinterest User Has Been Attributing Hitler Quotes To Taylor Swift
Eating buffalo wings could affect your unborn's penis size
Police: Man in wheelchair attacked with I Can't Beleive It's Not Butter
Kittens Run onto Subway Tracks in Brooklyn, Trains Shut Down
Pope Francis poses for a 'selfie' at the Vatican
Man of Steel 2 gets $35 million in tax incentives to film in Detroit. (X-post /r/movies)
Miley Cyrus's "twerk-errific" 2013 VMA performance and its' connection to the Muslim Brotherhood
Nuremberg to spend €70 million on re-building Nazi rally grounds
BBC News - Downing Street cat Larry backed despite No 10 (2011)
BBC: Downing Street has rebuffed calls for Larry to resign as No 10's cat after reports a mouse appeared at a recent prime ministerial dinner. (2011)
Man of Steel 2 gets 35 million in tax incentives to film in Detroit.
Miley's manager: VMAS 'could not have gone better'
Shawn Bradley: Big White Dude
Breaking News: Kansas Actually Flatter Than A Pancake
Weightlifter, 80, busted for doping
Physicists To Test If The Universe Is A Computer Simulation
Animal Sperm Bank Could Help Populate Other Planets
Russian Agency Seeks Typewriters for Secret Documents
Chimp wins $10,000 art competition
Superhero wannabe shoots arrow wrapped with marijuana at county jail, tells police he was aiming at squirrel
Washington Post Op-Ed: Sex between students and teachers should not be a crime
Thai village invaded by monkey army
Detroit paramedic has heart attack while giving CPR to man having a heart attack
Babies hemorrhage after parents refuse vitamin K shots due to misinformation about Leukemia
Stratford man jailed for shooting himself
Kim Jong-un's Ex-Lover Reportedly 'Executed by Firing Squad'
Alabama: Alien-themed promotion for Shoals radio station leads to concern over school safety - "law enforcement in the area beefed up security at schools to calm fears from parents"
Health of California prison hunger-strikers in decline, despite help from Gatorade
President of Ecuador to Julian Assange: stop using our embassy to make fun of politicians
Julian Assange told: stop using embassy to make fun of politicians
New York Times forced to clarify that Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny is, in fact, a man
Microsoft and Google to sue government over transparency
'Tomatoes are Christian,' Egyptian Salafi group warns.
Women Selling Positive Pregnancy Tests on Craigslist
Beer is Now a Breakfast Food, Not Just a Breakfast Drink.
Man Says Stuffed Walmart Bag Broke, Killed Wife
US Army producing bombs with aim of saving lives
Foam finger inventor angered over Miley Cyrus performance
Dunkin' chocolate doughnut ad -- is it racist?
Egypt's security puts 'spy duck' under arrest
Nebraska Man Sues Wal-Mart Over Plastic Bag's Failure
Chimpanzee wins $10,000 prize for abstract painting
Woman Arrested After Spraying Baby With Soy Sauce
4 killed in brawl over dog poop
Brazilian man crushed by cow falling through roof
Tooth Fairy more generous this year, survey says
Dunkin' Donuts apologises for blackface ad
Egyptian man arrests swan on suspicion of spying
Wife boils husband in pressure cooker in Lu'an City, China
Polish woman dedicates her life to sleeping with 100,000 men
North Korea's Kim reportedly has ex-girlfriend, 11 others executed
Passanger Tries to Smuggle Fish in Pants
Sex-crazed Polish woman wants to sleep with 100,000 men around the world
Egyptian authorities detain suspected 'spy' bird
BBC News - China chemical leak in Shanghai, Obama orders Navy to intervene.
Sheriff's lieutenant reprimanded for firing gun to stop pooping turkey
Hotel sues guest for $95,000 over bad review, bed bugs
Police: Alleged Ohio Robber Hit Clerk With Bible (xpost from /r/trashy)
Quebec hotel sues former guest over online review
Alien-themed promotion for Shoals radio station leads to concern over school safety
BDSM Correlated With Better Mental Health, Says Study
Entire Town Wins Lottery, Except For One Man
Derby student trapped in clothes horse rescued by firefighters
Woman Arrested For Offering Sex in Exchange for McDonald's Chicken McNuggets
T-shirt gun injures Arkansas intern
French bakers tell Kanye West that good croissants can't be rushed
First papal 'selfie' goes viral on social media
Porta Potty Peeper Sentenced To 3 Years In Prison
Police arrest Middle School students after taking over-the-counter medication
After Syria statement, Obama golfs
Egypt authorities detain French 'spy' bird
Model Paula Hamilton fined for sunflower police assault
Reddit moderator pushed for RT ban 'simply because it's Kremlin'
Dunkin' Donuts Ad in Thailand Causes Uproar
Downing Street cat Larry backed despite No 10 mice
Man Fined $500 For Drinking A Severed Human Toe In A Shot
Egyptian authorities jail a stork after a citizen suspects it of being a spy
Practice bomb dropped outside Maryland tavern nearly went unnoticed
Letting ourselves bleed - New feminist trend to encourage "free bleeding" (pics in comments)
California's 'Pillowcase Rapist' to be released in Los Angeles County
Women sell positive pregnancy tests on Craigslist for $25 each
Positive Pregnancy Tests for Sale on Craigslist
Movie Piracy Hurts Health Research and Patient Care, UCSF Claims
Ex-NRL player Anthony Watts accused of biting opponent's penis during Gold Coast match
Snatcher swallows chain 4 days ago, refuses to visit loo
Astronomy student stumbles on space object called Trojan in orbit with planet Uranus.
Bird that's ruffling government feathers: Stork suspected of being a spy detained by police in Egypt.
Cockroach Nursery destroyed by unknown suspect, 1 million cockroaches escaped into the city.
George Bush Sr mistakenly announces Nelson Mandela's death
H.W. Bush mistakenly announces death of Nelson Mandela
Mom sues police and neighbor after she is arrested for letting her kids play outside
Rape Accused Escapes Jail as Electric Fence was Off due to Power Cut
Global Warming Expedition Foiled By Ice
FBI interrogated man after comment about American "Police State" on Facebook
Donuts on football field cause $5,000 worth of damage
Egypt arrests suspected 'spy' stork
Chimpanzee Loses Art Contest
Anti-Gun Rally Quickly Turns Into A Pro-Gun Rally
Fake prince helps detect breast cancer
NSA officers have occasionally channeled their agency's eavesdropping power to spy on love interests.
Kanye West played in Kazakhstan last night, and no one watched
Restaurant Critic Finds Meaning At The Olive Garden In 'Grand Forks'
Hershey pledges to end child slave labor in its cocoa production by 2020
Stork busted as suspected spy in Egypt
'Breaking Bad' Mexican Restaurant Reports Surge in Tableside Guacamole Orders
Harper Says He Twerks Occasionally - Thinks It Means Tweeting
Microsoft inventor: 'Comic sans is the best font in the world'
Twitter suicide hoax intended to promote pop album, police say
Alleged Female Idiot On The Field Blows .341 BAC, Has Amazing Twitter
Man 'has his mother's beard'
Girl Blows .341 After Trying to Jump on the Field During Iowa Game, Tweets #YOLO About It
Girl blows .341 after trying to run on field
For the last year, the Pentagon's top technologists have been working on 'Plan X', a program that will make cyberwarfare as easy as Angry Birds.
World's Unluckiest Person? Entire Town Wins Lottery - Except for One Man
Quarrel over dog poop leaves 4 dead, 4 hurt, and 4 cops suspended
Alleged female idiot on a field in iowa blows .341 BAC and has an amazing twitter account
Stork arrested in Egypt on suspicion of spying
Turns out prison.. ain't so bad!(X-post /r/videos)
ATV victim died in booby trap near pot plants
Texas Megachurch At Center of Measles Outbreak
Infinity Ward Says Making A New Game Rather Than COD "Would Be The Easy Way Out"
No jail time for pub fight over fart
Republicans are losing because of Family Guy
Actual Living, Breathing Human Wins Publishers Clearing House Prize Of $5K A Week - Forever
Police Break Up Drug-Fueled Sex Party at Masonic Temple
Halo 5 may be the title of next Halo game
Female Protagonist Game Jam Cancelled After Devs Spend Most of Their Time on Breast Jiggle Physics
Woman violently arrested for playing banjo in wrong place at Syria war protest in Philly
Woman hospitalised to remove $5k stuffed in rectum
New York woman: I was jailed for three days by mistake at Rikers Island
Spanish clinic pays Gareth Bale £10million to have Real Madrid medical there
Eyes on storks? Egyptian fisherman thought bird was foreign spy | World news
Egypt Spy Bird: Authorities Detain Migratory Bird Citizen Deemed Suspicious
New "sex boxes" debuting in Switzerland
Fish Listen to Music, Prefer Bach
Asians-Only Volleyball Brings Community Together
Foreign Student Charged $4,240 for Taxi Ride
Sarah Palin opposes Syria intervention: "Let Allah sort it out"
'Penis biting' allegations made against Australian rugby league player.
Police thwarted by goat stuck on roof who 'only respects one man'
Chinese Man Pickpockets iPhone Off Moving Bicyclist Using Chopsticks
Ohio robber hits clerk with bible.
Tuba player: 'Bonnet bonk wrecked my car'
A Truly Bizarre Case of Underwear-Clad Man Shot by Neighbor...
German dictionary wins prize... for bad German
Chinese Zoo Under Fire for Disguising Hairy Dog as Lion
Beam of light from Walkie Talkie skyscraper 'melts man's Jaguar'
British warship HMS Brilliant torpedoed WHALES during Falklands War
No place like gnome: OPP want help sending gnomes home.
Uwe Boll launches Kickstarter for Edward Snowden-inspired 'Postal 2'
Queensland Rugby League weighs into penis biting claim
'Walkie-Talkie' skyscraper melts Jaguar car parts
Gas station to provide gateway to downtown district and sense of community
Gareth Bale story: World's most expensive footballer who still takes his washing home to mum
Germany tries 92-year-old for Nazi war crime
French spy swan detained in Egypt after citizens arrest is neither a spy nor a swan.
Friendship man makes threatening call
Party secretary claims to have fathered 'half the kids' in his village
Anthony Weiner stages a 'meat' and greet in Bronx deli
Prostitution: Sex doesn't sell
Sri Lankan Army Goes Into Tourism Business after Crushing the Tamil Tigers [x-post from World News]
Sri Lankan Army Goes Into Tourism Business after Crushing the Tamil Tigers
Vladimir Putin Shakes Hands With a Walrus
Tennessee woman hospitalized after hiding $5,000 in her rectum
New skyscraper in London melts car
Delusional Conservative Says 'Family Guy' Cartoon Is Causing Republicans To Lose Elections (VIDEO) -
Claims dwarf set on fire at AFL club's Mad Monday bash.
Oregon teen calls 911 after finding spider in home
Dwarf set on fire at Mad Monday bash
Lenovo chief shares $3.25 million of bonus with staff
Egyptians accuse bird of spying for Israel
'Shitstorm' Shitstorm: Dictionary Wins Award for Ruining German
Girl in clothing store told she is too fat, asked to leave.
Texas approves renaming slave trade as "Atlantic triangular trade"
Police pull over suspicious car in Halifax Regional Municipality (location of Trailer Park Boys), find man in trunk because all seats are taken by marijuana plants
In a possible first and under heavy security, KKK and NAACP meet in Casper
Cops to get their own social network
Putin Draws Picture of Cat's Behind During School Visit
Why Oil Companies Want to Drop Acid in California
Australian Rules Football Club St Kilda confirm they are investigating reports players set a dwarf entertainer on fire during Mad Monday celebrations
Dutch Artist Turns His Dead Cat Into a Flying Quadcopter
Indian Woman Tries to Sell Daughter's Virginity
Russia issues travel warning about United States
Watch Anthony Weiner Yell In A Jamaican Accent From His Giant Float In The West Indian-American Parade
Enough With Baby Talk - Infants Learn From Lemur Screeches, Too
London driver says 'Walkie Talkie' skyscraper reflections melted his car
Rapist may have HIV from Greater Manchester victim
Miley Cyrus has 'degraded an icon!': Foam finger inventor Steve Chmelar's fury
One of London's Newest Skyscrapers is Melting Cars
Marijuana Grower Dies From Booby Trap Set On His Own Property To Protect Plants
Man in Stockholm, Sweden calls police on group of 'drunk elks' after they prevent him from entering home
British warship HMS Brilliant torpedoed WHALES during Falklands War after mistaking them for enemy submarines
Royal Navy ship torpedoed whales in Falklands
Justin Bieber reportedly planing new career as a rapper
BBC - Sandwich-eating driver sentenced for dangerous-driving death
Pregnant women selling used, positive pregnancy tests online (x-post from r/news)
AI Helps With Social Awkwardness
South Korean parents go to psychics in bid to boost kids' college chances
London's newest skyscraper is being blamed for melting this Jaguar.
Children burned by household fruit.
A building in london is melting cars.
Dennis Rodman returns to North Korea
Vinnie Jones - 'Immigration has destroyed the UK, so I'm emigrating.'
Plymouth warship torpedoed whales mistaken for Falklands submarines
Bed-lam in the streets of Marlborough - Framingham, MA - The MetroWest Daily News
Gay-To-Straight Conversion Programs To Be Included In All Virginia Public School Curriculums Beginning October 1st - National Report
Vietnam just banned doing pretty much anything online (X-post world news)
Garbage Guy's preoccupation with human waste sickens neighbours
Police Bust "Drug Fueled Sex Party" at Masonic Temple in Michigan
Putin Draws Cat's Bum During School Visit
Rapist Discovers His Victim Had HIV
Iowa student called 'world's drunkest college student'
KFC Japan to Start Offering Deep Fried Soup
Reflected light from London skyscraper melts car
Mogadishu TEDx talk faces security challenges
Media Outlets Spitting Mad At Obama For Spoiling Their Plans To Cash In On War
NAACP meets with KKK, gains member
Atlanta police departments future pay raises will come from traffic ticket enforcement.
LeBron James to create sitcom for Starz
Man-eating Scarlett Johansson reveals alien's humanity
NHL player bitten saving Carrie Underwood from chipmunk
McCain to Russia: Bring back the Super Bowl ring
Abercrombie & Fitch emergency room may be coming to Ohio State University.
Angry customer: Why 'I had to' moon clerk during refund dispute
Pelosi Uses Conversation With 5-Year-Old Grandson To Push For Attack On Syria
Dem Congresswoman: Only Reason I'd Vote for Syria Attack Is Loyalty to Obama
Teacher claims teen wasn't 'damaged' when he was raped by her husband
Republicans Offer Syria Strategy: We Must Defund Obamacare : The New Yorker
KKK, NAACP Leaders In Wyoming Have Historic Meeting
Google and Nestle announce Android KitKat
Ku Klux Klan and NAACP leaders meet in Wyoming
The new version of Android is called KitKat
Local businesses suffer tech support crisis while nerds attend DragonCon
London skyscraper blamed for melting cars
Dolphins' Heroin Overdose Blamed For Deaths After Zoo Rave
T-Mobile sues AT&T's Aio Wireless for using its trademarked 'magenta' hue
Two dolphins overdose at techno rave in a zoo
BBC News - Android KitKat unveiled in Google surprise move
Freedom of Information Act Now Classified
The Government Took This Man's Raccoon Away Because of a Viral Video
Nintendo Announces 2DS for Playing 3DS Games in 2D
Canadian Prime Minister Harper Says He Twerks Occasionally - Thinks It Means Tweeting
Polish farmer mistakenly takes in stray wolf cub to protect sheep herd
Republicans Offer Syria Strategy: We Must Defund Obamacare
Alleged Pot Grower Killed By Own Booby Trap: Cops
Richard Thomas, Rapist, Upset He MIght Have Gotten HIV From Victim
Next version of Android (4.4) will be called KitKat®
'Breaking Bad' Actor Bryan Cranston Walked Around Comic-Con Wearing A Heisenberg Mask And No One Knew
Rural Towns Frustrated By Big Telecom Are Just Building Their Own Internet
Android KitKat is the next version of Google's mobile operating system
Man With 85 Pounds Of Drugs At O'Hare Said He Didn't Know It Was Illegal
Snoop Dogg comments on Ron Paul's Reddit AMA
Medical Marijuana Activist Jenny Kush Killed By Drunk Driver
'Gay Dog' Refused Entry To Australian Restaurant
Miley Cyrus Covers 'Les Mis' in the Bathroom or Something
Widow says psychic promised help in battle over late husband's frozen sperm
A 23-year-old St. Louis Park woman is accused of stabbing a co-worker in the back five times after she was offended that he asked her to stop playing with a 12-inch butcher knife
NAACP And KKK Meet In Wyoming To Discuss Violence Against Black Men
Pantless burglar allegedly breaks into home, makes milk and cookies.
Dog injures Stubbs the cat, the honorary mayor of Talkeetna, Alaska
Now A Test Can Tell If Your Pricey Cup Of Cat Poop Coffee Is Fake
Marijuana grower killed - and nearly decapitated - by booby trap he set to protect plants
Charlotte pastor: "Only white people" at front door of church
Dennis Rodman Is Best Hope for American Jailed in North Korea, Family Says
Plymouth woman 'woke up sounding Chinese'
Hipsters Get Bagel-Forehead Saline Injections
Drunk Girl Blows .341 BAC After Football Game, Tweets 'YOLO'
Russian Army Chorus Covers Adele's "Skyfall"
Talkeetna 'mayor' Stubbs the cat fights for his life after dog attack
McCain Caught Playing Poker During Syria Hearing: 'Worst Of All I Lost!'
McCain Plays Poker on iPhone During Syria Hearing
Chicago man breaks Guinness World Record for competitive sitting
NAACP-KKK meeting in Wyo. believed to be a first
Ku Klux Clan has meeting with Naacp
Marda Loop residents seek to ban ugly people from moving into the neighbourhood
John McCain Plays Poker While Colleagues Discuss Bombing Syria
John McCain spotted playing online poker on iPhone during Syria hearings.
Twerk Becomes the Latest Entry in Britain's Oxford Dictionaries
"One second here I have a Full House." Proving congress is useless and nobody is in charge, John McCain caught playing poker during public hearing for Military intervention. Then decides to tweet about it.
Obama Auctioning Off All Marijuana Seized In Drug Raids Since 2008
One second here I have a Full House. Proving congress is useless and nobody is in charge, John McCain busted while playing poker during the first public hearing for Military intervention. Then decides to tweet about it.
Busted! McCain plays iPhone poker during Syria hearings
All Miss Korea '13 contestants look alike!
100km traffic jam in China lasted 9 days, expected to last for another few weeks
Japanese Government Will Bankroll a Giant Ice Wall at Fukushima
KKK, NAACP come together for first-ever meeting
Ontario woman, 80, fractures hip after being struck with police taser
Epic traffic jam in China leaves drivers stuck for 9 days
Dancing man with no pants sets off chain reaction on Carlton
St Kilda football club names Clinton Jones as player involved in setting dwarf alight at Mad Monday celebration
Ice wall planned to prevent leaks at Fukushima nuclear power plant
Woman unaware school certificate was fake as she 'forgot how to read'
French wine snobs warn Apple not to release a 'champagne' iPhone
Stingray named Steve Irwin attacks owner James Hunt from Southend Essex
Family kicked out of Universal Studios because dad wore police shirt.
Japan Invents In-Car Rice Cooker, So Folks Can Finally Eat a Proper Meal On The Go
Rapist collapses after discovering his victim was HIV positive
Pregnant women who eat chicken wings have sons 'with small genitals', claim PETA
Smoking chimp sent to rehab with nicotine and alcohol addiction after career as Russian casino mascot
Stubbs the cat, Alaska town mayor, mauled by dog
KFC Starts Selling Deep-Fried Soup
Prisons to close in England as super-prison site revealed
This Man Has Spent 30 Years Mapping the Imaginary Land of Ukrania
Dog cocked leg to extinguish Nazi bomb
Japan's Abe Says Fukushima Will Be Resolved Before 2020 Olympics
BBC News - Plymouth woman 'woke up sounding Chinese'
Spotify Sued For "Copying" Playlists
Rockstar hires real gangsters for 'Grand Theft Auto V' voices
Clergyman offers to help resolve parishioner standoff after police storm church amid furious protests
Ohio man who threatened officers holds "idiot" sign in front of police station
Killer tree was sick on the inside, Eden Prairie police say
Woman Goes to Bed, Wakes Up with a Chinese Accent
Temple Cancels Spring Fling Due To Excessive Drinking, Fails To Cancel Excessive Drinking
Hospital Opens Internet Addiction Treatment Program
Putin: Russia Isn't Homophobic Because We Like Tchaikovsky's Music
Ariel Castro, Ohio man who held three women captive for a decade, can't handle a month in prison, commits suicide
Afghan police fishing with RPG kill 6 children
Record numbers of drunk, "jobless" wasps likely to attack humans says Red Cross
Stubbs, Cat Mayor In Alaska, Injured By Dog; Response To Assassination Attempt Will Be Swift
Meet Steve Wozniak, the Brooklyn Programmer Who Isn't That Steve Wozniak | Betabeat
Positive Pregnancy Tests Up For Sale On Craigslist
Never posted on this subreddit before for fear of coming up short.
Alaskan town mayor mailed by dog. Mayor is a cat.
God, But Mostly Science, Helps Cure Colorado Teen of Cancer
Media Elites Are Creating Twitter Accounts for Their Babies
Glare from London 'fryscraper' blamed for melting cars
Governor Haley locks herself out of Mansion, while wearing robe
Survey says Americans don't trust surveys
To ensure every child 'wins', Ontario athletic association removes ball from soccer
Sandusky Welded Steel Kids Storage Locker - 6 Various Colors - Sam's Club
Rapist Really Upset Victim May Have Given Him HIV
The woman who woke up sounding Chinese.
Testicle munching fish now found in River Seine in Paris
Brazilian prison gang holds 10-hour conference call
Rapist is told he could have contracted HIV from his victim as he is jailed for five years
Chinese 'Ghostbuster' Performs Exorcism with his Penis
Rapist may have contracted HIV from his victim
Pee-wee Herman's Dinosaurs are actually a creationist museum
Vladimir Putin calls Edward Snowden a 'strange guy'
New Zealand man in cow costume spotted stealing steak
Surfboard pierces Honolulu driver's windshield
Vegetarian unable to get pregnant gives birth to triplets after daily breakfast of McMuffins
Chris Perez fined for mailing marijuana to his dog
Putin promises no anti-gay discrimination at Russia Olympics
Egyptian Authorities Detain Stork Suspected of Espionage
Aussie Rules player 'sorry' for setting dwarf on fire during 'Mad Monday' celebrations
Will the fall TV season be less gay?
Tchaikovsky was gay, Putin says, which proves Russians not homophobic
Man exposed as topless protest group founder
The 6 Most Awkward Moments From the Historic KKK-NAACP Summit (x-post r/lists)
Ministry of Sound sues Spotify for copyright infringement
London skyscraper melts a guy's Jaguar.
Police summon white magic practitioner to investigate possible cursed coconut
Scientists Finally Confess Triceratops Not Real, Evolution A Hoax
Iran's president just wished all Jews a happy Rosh Hashanah on Twitter
Lucy Vallender: Former male TA soldier becomes UK's first transgender Muslim woman and is now MARRIED
'Semi-erect' OAP caught shampooing his genitals on a bus claims he's 'no hardened criminal'
Winnipeg man claims being forced to mow his boulivard is worse than slavery
Drunk Girl, Blows .341 In Jail, Tweets 'YOLO' (UPDATED)
Senate committee approves resolution authorizing U.S. strike on Syria
Ex-cop married to gang leader can't have her job back.
Englewood slated to get a Whole Foods in 2016
Florida Man Cites 'Bush Doctrine' After Pre-emptive Killing of Neighbors at Labor Day Cookout
Chinese man Jian Feng sues wife over ugly baby, woman ordered to pay $120K
[old news] BBC News - China traffic jam stretches 'nine days, 100km'
McCain caught playing phone game at Senate hearing
Lightening Strikes Worker at the Creationism Museum, Pretty Much Nowhere Else.
London skyscraper's 'deathray' reflection is melting cars, burning businesses, but also cooking eggs
Siskiyou County votes for secession from California
Bill Nye Joins 'Dancing With The Stars': 'The Science Guy' On 'DWTS' Season 17
Spotify sued over user playlists, said to infringe copyright
Bill Nye To Join Dancing With The Stars
Prominent marijuana activist 'Jenny Kush' killed by alleged drunk driver
Couple spend just ONE POUND on their wedding
Couple Got Married Spending Just £1
Even with 8 times the fresh water of France, Venezuela can not supply clean drinking water because Santeria Witch Doctors keep dumping their sacrificial carcasses in the reservoirs.
Drunk, aggressive, jobless wasps stalk innocent humans. How to fight back? Use a credit card
Crocodile Traps Man On Australia Island
Pastor had sex with teens to cure their homosexuality
McDonald's Decides Upgraded 'Dollar Menu' Can Cost, Like, $2 - $5
Rupert Murdoch's websites are running an advertisement that describes his newspapers as "crap".
Dog mauls Stubbs, honorary cat mayor in Alaska
KKK member joins NAACP
Why He Can't Keep It in His Pants
Geraldo Is Pissed Selfie Cost Him a Speaking Gig
Ministry of Sound sues Spotify
Label Sues Spotify Because Some Of Its Users Create Playlists Of Authorized Music In The Same Order It Did
Republicans accidentally forget they love war to oppose Obama
Girl, 8, orphaned after gas from rotting potatoes killed her entire family
Railway worker suspended after rescuing disabled woman
Alaska town roots for feline mayor attacked by dog
Military hovercraft shocks sunbathers in Russia
Testicle-eating fish, the Pacu, found in Paris with fears it could be coming to the UK
Man knocked unconscious after altercation between two dog walkers
Sarah Palin Offensive Even in Arabic
Asaram Bapu rape case: Godman chops off genitals
Explaining Twerking to Your Parents
Vladimir Putin draws a cat's bottom during school visit
Police: Man Smelled Woman's Feet During Sex Assault In The Bronx
Stubbs the cat, mayor of Alaska town, mauled by dog
Book News:Did A Missing Testicle Make J.D. Salinger A Recluse?
Facebook Flavored Ice Cream Is A Real Thing
Iran arrests squirrels as spies
North Korea builds first skatepark.
Oklahoma City Thunder player DeAndre Liggins accused of dropping Xbox 360 on girlfriend Jasmine Horton
Alaska feline mayor Stubbs the cat suffers dog attack
BAPE to design Olive Garden's new uniforms
Sailor Moon vs. Barbie: Human Dolls End Their Friendship.
The President of Iran Wishes You a Heartfelt L'Shana Tovah!
Australia: Millipedes May Be Responsible for Train Crash
Florida teacher faces firing for placing 'cone of shame' on students
Need to Avoid Nearby Gunfire? There's an App for That
Egyptian authorities detained a stork last week on suspicion of espionage
Man murders his atheist friend during an argument over whether God exists
Iran's new president wishes Jews a "blessed Rosh Hashanah"
100-km Chinese traffic jam enters Day 9
Guelph family lives like it's 1986
'Lying and messy' poor sent by God to test us, Catholic priest says
An Indian holyman has castrated himself in an apparent protest against the arrest of a popular spiritual leader on sex charges
Detroit Temporarily Stopped Issuing Death Certificates After It Ran Out Of Paper In July
Walking Dead online course introduced by Calif. college
Youth soccer league eliminates balls, kids pretend to kick the ball around. Measure taken to address the 'negative effects of competition'
'Ghetto Tracker,' App That Helps Rich Avoid Poor, Is As Bad As It Sounds
Alaskan town rallies around cat mayor after canine assassination attempt
Teacher under review for putting "cone of shame" on misbehaving students
Alaskan town rallies around cat mayor following canine assassination attempt
Geno Smith doesn't think watching tape on Revis is 'necessary'
Fueled With Rice, Li Na Marches Into U.S. Open Quarterfinals - Scene Asia
Chris 'Knight Guider' Date, British Psychic, Accused Of Planting Fake Spirit During Ghost Tour
Robber to clerk: 'Don't call the cops. I'll pay you back later, bro.'
Schools Sending 'Fat Letters' To Parents About Overweight Children
Currys sorry after job applicants forced to dance
students eat 15000 pound world record fruit salad
London's Brent Council Is Replacing Its Receptionists With A Hologram Named Shanice
Tulsa school sends girl home because 'dreadlocks' and 'afros' are too distracting
College students investigated by police for "milf wanted" craigslist ad
Huge chain-reaction crash in UK involves at least 100 vehicles
Six-year-old rape victim ordered to wed rapist's 8-year-old son
Russian girl orphaned after entire family killed by potatoes
Rapist, Upset He Might Have Gotten HIV From Victim
Horror as teenager DECAPITATES himself with his own remote-controlled toy helicopter after it flew into his head when he lost control
BBC News - Currys interview 'humiliation' as graduate 'had to dance' at interview
Currys interview 'humiliation' as graduate 'made to dance'
Saint Mary's University frosh chant cheers underage sex
Woman arrested for breastfeeding...while driving...a moped
Bacteria from slim people could help treat obesity, study finds.
Brooklyn Teen Killed By Toy Helicopter
Wales boss Chris Coleman misses team flight to Macedonia
64-year-old woman becomes first person to swim from Cuba to Florida without a shark cage
Man decapitated by remote-controlled toy helicopter
Ontario soccer association removes ball from soccer.
In one Florida county, nicotine is a banned drug
Ex-EPA Employee Allegedly Made Up CIA Employment to Get Out of Work
Toy helicopter kills teen in Brooklyn
How Alyssa Milano's sex tape is helping draw attention to Syria
A high profile Brisbane Lions player is set to come under massive scrutiny after a man in a wheelchair made allegations against the player stating that the player pushed him out of his wheelchair and then started to throw kebabs at him, before getting in a taxi and driving off.
Man killed by remote control toy helicopter in Brooklyn, police say
Man dies in Brooklyn after remote-control helicopter hits him in the head, police say.
Man killed in remote control helicopter accident
Teacher Arrested For Child Porn Is Also An Ordained Minister
London skyscraper melts parked Jaguar
Dominos Test Delivery of Pizza By Remote-Controlled Drone
Indonesian kids asked to assess size of private parts in a graphic school survey
New skyscraper in London is melting cars, starting fires
Elon Musk Shows Off His Crazy Iron Man-Inspired 3D Modeling Setup
French Bees Produce Blue Honey
Stubbs the Cat, Mayor of Talkeetna in Alaska, has been injured after being attacked by a dog. [BBC]
Tokyo dangles dollars in bid to win Olympic Games
Russian cosmonaut from 2015 ISS mission resigns, 'found more exciting job'
Coconut detained in Maldives over vote-rigging claims.
Teen Helicopter Enthusiast Slices Own Head With Toy Chopper, Dies | NBC Chicago
Russia denies calling Britain a little island no one cares about
Roman Pirozek Jr: Man decapitates himself with his own remote-control helicopter
Pantsless burglar found raiding kitchen
Curved Skyscraper Melts Cars, Starts Fires with Heat of Sun
Man forced to dance to Daft Punk song during Currys job interview
Cooking with balls: Serbia honors animal testicles
Study: Dubai Worst Offender of Padding Skyscraper Heights
Stork Held In Egypt On Suspicion Of Spying
Critics savage Diana, calling it atrocious and a 'car crash'
The Pantless Burglar strikes in Oklahoma City, apparently she is only after your milk and cookies - See more at: http://oddcrime.com/2013/09/the-pantless-burglar-strikes-in-oklahoma-city-apparently-she-is-only-after-your-milk-and-cookies/#sthash.f9zUKNid.dpuf
Domino's Tests Delivery of Pizza By Remote-Controlled Drone
German firm apologizes for producing anti-immigrant condoms
Ontario athletic association removes ball from soccer, So everyone is a "Winner"
Former Nokia CEO founds Newkia, aims to create the Nokia Android phone you've always dreamed of
Man loses his head flying a toy helicopter
Woman Pulled Over For Breastfeeding on Moped
The Pantless Burglar strikes in Oklahoma City
Mark Zuckerberg Helicoptered Into Burning Man For A Day To Serve Grilled Cheese Sandwiches
94-year-old wins second annual Miss Holocaust Survivor contest | JPost
Agency meeting on transparency closed to the public
Philip Milne, Pensioner Fined For Shampooing Genitals On Bus
Close-Up Video Of Lava Flow Is Totally Trippy
The Man With 6,000 Barbies Can't Get A Date Because Women Feel Competitive With His Dolls
Ohio Man Confesses 'I Killed a Man' in YouTube Video
Fowl Play: Someone BBQ'd the Queen of England's Pet Swan
Drunken moose gang menaces Stockholm resident
Gynecologist sued after surgery leaves woman with too tight vagina
Toy helicopter slices off top of man's head
UVM Police: 'MILF' Craigslist ad not a crime
'Black magic' coconut detained by police outside polling station in Maldives
People walk less when local violent crime goes up
Marijuana activist who spent years arguing it was safer than alcohol is killed in head on collision with 'drunk-driver traveling wrong way down interstate'
IRS spent $10,000 to make parody of Trump's 'Apprentice'
Adult Film Actress Fingers Hollywood Exec
Nike Made Top College Football Coaches Return Apparel That Didn't Have Enough Swooshes
Lowell Observatory's Putnam wants to name asteroid for Trayvon Martin
Shooting breaks out - at anti-violence vigil
David Cameron says abolition, boy band prove U.K.'s great
G20 Ends Abruptly as Obama Calls Putin a Jackass
Doctors gets caught infecting cancer patients' brains with fecal bacteria
Science Confirms: Politics Wrecks Your Ability to Do Math
Virginia Butt Slasher Sentenced to 7 Years in Prison
Demand for Drone Hunting Licenses Overwhelms Tiny Colorado Town
Marksmen Line Up for Drone-Hunting Permits
Sarah Palin's Offensive Remarks About Syria
Adult Film Actress Fingers Hollywood Exec Richard Nanula as Part- Time Porn Star
Police: Man hid crack in crack
GOP lawmaker brings fried chicken to poverty hearing as a 'silent protest'
Electronics store makes interviewee dance to Daft Punk
4 wounded in shooting at NC anti-violence vigil
Black men in Baltimore march to keep boys in school
First customers already in line for new iPhones Apple has yet to announce
Mason police investigate man's report of malicious damage to car, and being shot
Horse Hair Theft Hits "Epidemic" Levels In Wyoming Town.
Jacksonville man known as Radio struck by car - Local
Cosmonaut due to command space station resigns for 'better job'
Testicle eating fish may be migrating
Is this Kim Jong-un girlfriend's 'sex tape'? [SFW]
Saskatchewan RCMP hope pig carcass helps reduce missing persons file
Lawmaker Denies Fried Chicken Was Silent Protest: 'I Was Simply Having Lunch'
Syria: western activists volunteer to become 'human shields'
Little Rock school district will now make teachers wear underwear
BBC News - Dennis Rodman: 'Kim Jong-un is a friend for life'
Houston sheriff's home burglarized
Monkey tears off tot's testicle and EATS it during terrifying zoo attack
Lamar Odom -- So Bad ... Crack Dealer Cut Him Off
Boy with hearing disability left on bus, walks from Etna to East Liberty
Ghost hunters haunted by new terror: competition
UK's lowest-paid employees to be classed as 'not working enough'
Truck Decal Depicting A Woman Tied Up Causes Controversy In Waco
Ron Paul to Speak at Holocaust Denier's 'Gala Dinner Fundraiser'
DC Comics asks artists to show their skill at killing off naked women
Actress Alyssa Milano makes "sex tape" as propaganda tool to support Syria intervention
Sharon, Wisconsin, is proud to call local cat Mr. Mayor
China bans officials from buying mooncakes with public funds
G20 Ends Abruptly as Obama Calls Putin a Jackass : The New Yorker
Architect blames the sun for those cars that his mirrored building melted.
Japanese professor pushes for Hide and Seek at the Olympics
Holy man castrates self after India guru Asaram Bapu arrested for raping 16-year old
Japanese professor pushes for 'hide-and-seek' as an Olympic event
Krayzie Bone says Bone thugs-n-harmony will continue to support Layzie Bone even though he has left the group.
Juicy J Offers $50,000 College Scholarship to the Best Twerker
Illegal South Florida Butt Doctor Sentenced to Eight Years
Stork Detained as Spy in Egypt Found Dead
Civet Coffee: Researchers Develop Test To Make Sure Poop Beans Actually Contain Excrements
Civet 'Poop' Coffee Retails for $227 a Pound, Researchers Find way to Authenticate Coffee Bean
As More Young Americans Are Using Birth Control, Teen Births Have Hit A New Record Low
Walkie Talkie architect 'didn't realise it was going to be so hot'. Rafael Viñoly predicted building might reflect sun but joins developers in blaming 'current elevation of the sun in the sky'
Arrested 'spy' stork killed and eaten after release in Egypt
Almost 90% of condom vending machines installed at public places by National Aids Control Organization (NACO) for HIV/AIDS prevention have gone missing.
How to Choose the Right Anti Aging Products
Collection agency chases blind lawyer for totaling a rental car
McDonald's testing new version of Dollar Menu that includes items selling for as much as $5
Stork (as in the bird) detain in Egypt on suspicion of espionage, found dead.
White nationalists aim to take over tiny North Dakota town
NBC's Live The Sound of Music, Starring Carrie Underwood, Sets Premiere Date
Stubb's the Cat, Mayor of Talkeetna, AK, Mauled by Dog
Washington, DC may institute 24-hour waiting period for tattoos and piercings
Enraged mom beats the crap out of kindergarten teacher
Prince Andrew Held At Gunpoint During Terrifying Buckingham Palace Scare -- Manhandled and Thrown to the Ground!
Did Pornography Really Cause This Month's Weak Jobs Report?
Rios: Military's 'Homosexual Takeover' And Women In Navy Will Undermine Effectiveness Of Syrian Strike
NYTimes: "For Cheaper Homes, Skip Manhattan"
Abu Ghraib Torture Victims Ordered To Pay U.S. Contractor's Legal Fees
This story's got legs: millipedes suspected in Australia train collision
Iowa grants gun permits to the blind.
"Crazy Town" After decades of civil war, Somalia is awash in mental illness and without a single trained psychiatrist. That the folk cure for PTSD involves being locked in a room with a hyena isn't helping.
What a moust-ache! Woman wakes from surgery to find doctors put moustache and teardrop stickers on her face
Rush Limbaugh pens children's book to teach 'what isn't being taught'
Homeless man in KC survives being crushed in trash truck
107-year-old man killed in police shootout
Although it's a pretty nice double wide...
Smoothies and fruit juices are a new risk to health, US scientists warn
3 Hurt in Veggie Fest Explosion
Teenage exorcists who say Harry Potter has corrupted the world head to Britain armed with Bibles and Holy Water to tackle hotbed of occult activity
A stork that was detained by the Egyptian police last week on suspicion of spying was killed and eaten by villagers on Saturday.
Uproar over questionnaire asking students in Aceh for sex organ measurements
Iowa is giving gun permits to the blind
'Wonder Woman' attacked on Hollywood Boulevard, 'Superman' steps in.
Man tries to fix a grenade, loses multiple fingers
Truck tailgate makes other drivers think woman is being kidnapped | Hot Topics
Teens save girl from kidnapper by checking her out
Germany physio suffers two injuries during World Cup qualifier
Iowa grants permits for blind residents to carry guns in public
Syrian pacifists volunteer to become human shields
Local Library Would Like to Remind Everyone Its Shit Is Free
Stork accused of spying in Egypt found dead amid rumours it was killed and eaten by villagers
107-year-old man killed in standoff when Arkansas SWAT officers say he shot at them in home.
107-year-old man dies in shootout with Arkansas police
Barrett Brown Faces 105 Years in Jail. But no one can figure out what law he broke.
MPs meet behind closed doors on how to publicize political expenses
KKK and NAACP Meet Peacefully in Wyoming to Discuss Race Relations
Crisis in Syria has Some Turning to the Bible
Serbia honours cooking with balls at testicle-cooking 'world championship'
Iowa debates issuing gun permits to the blind.
Delays for New Planes Suggest It Actually Is Rocket Science
Timberline Church plans to buy long-time Fort Collins strip club, convert space into new church
Egypt's 'Spy' Stork Found Dead
Iowa Issues Gun Permits To The Blind, Allowing Them To Carry In Public
Iowa granting gun permits to the blind
Onion sale in India causes Groupon website to crash
The "Fryscaper" Death Ray Shows that Science Gets the Last Laugh
UK lawmakers reportedly accessing porn from parliamentary computers
Superman Fan Had 19 Surgeries To Look Like Clark Kent
10,000 GBP rabbit house (from /r/technology)
Alimony for Your Eggs
Bride, 8, dies of injuries on wedding night in Yemen
107-year-old Arkansas man dies in shootout with S.W.A.T.
Rubber ducks escape barrier after river race
Hipsters are killing razor sales
Dennis Rodman's slip gives away name of North Korean leader's baby
Iowa to allow the blind to carry guns in public.
Do you have Demons? Take the test!
Likely senator dodges questions about kangaroo poo fight video (Australia)
American Apparel Introduce First Hasidic Jewish Model
SWAT officers kill man, 107, in standoff | The News Star
Likely Australian senator dodges questions about kangaroo poo fight video
Singer James Blunt 'prevented World War III'
UK to bomb Syria with copies of new Diana movie
(Aussie) pig steals 18 beers, gets into an argument with a cow
iPhone Siri software tells boy to 'shut up' in Tesco
iPhone 4S assistant Siri tells boy to 'shut the f*** up'
Former Military Contractor Tries to Sell Secret Surveillance Rock on eBay for $10 Million: Inside the bizarre world of fake-rock subcontracting.
New study shows that Redditors use search function less often
Self-proclaimed 'sorcerer' manipulated woman into sex and bilked her out of thousands
12 year old kicked in head by horse, condition reported as "stable"
Norway Has More Money Than It Knows What To Do With Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/norway-has-more-money-than-it-knows-what-to-do-with-2013-9#ixzz2eOowqcPn
Norway Has More Money Than It Knows What To Do With
Iowa law enforcement officers debate wisdom of granting gun permits to blind people.
Blind people in Iowa can get gun permits....
Businessman suffers stroke, then can't stop giving his money away
'Highly intoxicated' immigrant suspected of entering the US illegally in truck full of chilli
Apple denies claims iPhone 4 'virtual assistant' Siri is anti-abortion
Ex-judge Donald Thompson, busted for using penis pump during trials, has pension cut off
DRUNK WASPS: Just When You Thought They Couldn't Get Worse
Intimidating rabbit blown up in Skåne
Japanese prison creates cuddly mascot in attempt to improve facility's image
Boozy feral pig steals beer, gets drunk and starts fight with a cow
How Does A 107-Year-Old Die In A Police Shootout? Details Emerge
Buckingham Palace mix-up: Prince Andrew mistaken for intruder
107-Year-Old Man Dies In Shootout with SWAT Team
Visitors angry they have to pay £10 to see giant inflatable duck at Beijing International Expo
Your Fucking Butt Wipes Are Clogging Sewer Systems
Dennis Rodman wants to take NBA All-Star team to North Korea
Police look for nude dog walker
Lawyers say Dobby is based on Putin (2003)
Revolutionary War documents found at yard sale prove a real steal
The Colorado Town Promising to Shoot Down Obama's Surveillance Drones
Outrage Over a Toy Company Marketing a Play Meth Lab to Children
Iowa Allows Blind People To Carry Guns In Public
Final Tally: Americans Were 12 Times More Interested in Miley Cyrus Than Syria
Law Student Sues School For Making Him Retake a Class He Failed
Now you can eat sweet & sour chicken with one hand, in a wonton cone
Batman, Captain America Rescue Cat From Burning W. Va. Home
Buckingham Palace Guards Still Don't Recognize Prince Andrew
Only Elon Musk can make cows fear a Grasshopper
African businessman dies after being raped by his five wives
Miley Cyrus spanks twerking dwarf on German TV
Found At Sea:30 Tons Of Hashish, On Fire
Robber apologizes and returns money plus interest -- 11 years later
EX-NHL Enforcer Laraque To Run For House of Commons Seat
Dennis Rodman Will Train North Korea's Olympic Basketball Team
George Zimmerman taken into custody after incident with gun, police say
Feral pig drinks 18 cans of beer, fights cow and then passes out drunk under tree in Port Hedland, Western Australia
George Zimmerman Arrested? Police Questioning Him After Fight Involving Gun
Batman and Captain America Rescue Cat from Burning Home
480-Pound Woman Dies After Six Years On Couch [xpost from /r/morbidreality]
Singer James Blunt 'prevented World War III' with Russia
People Are Already Lining Up For The New iPhone
Instagram Pictures Itself Making Money
Class Action Suit Filed Against Apple for Splitting Season 5 of "Breaking Bad" into two seasons on iTunes.
Men Dressed As Superheros Save Cat From Burning House
The Interprofessional Committee for Champagne Wine has made clear its intention to challenge Apple if it calls it's new phone color 'champagne'.
Pro-Assad Hackers Admit: We're Just 'Vandals'
Nude man claiming to be 'Angel of God' arrested
Alcatel's Crazy Idea: A Remote for the Smartphone
Nurturing dads have smaller testicles, study shows
KISS-Owned Arena Team Offers Tim Tebow 3-Year Deal
N.C. pastor asks that 'only white people' greet congregation at church doors
John McAfee's Death Disappoints John McAfee
Climate Change Leaves Hares Wearing The Wrong Colors
McDonald's testing 2,940 calorie 'Blitz Box'
Secretary of State accidentally negotiates peace deal, backtracks
CU-Boulder police arrest suspected drunken horseback rider. Has a little extra in his backpack.
Men With Big Testicles Are Worse Dads
Rocky The Musical is heading to Broadway
Men dressed as Batman, Capt. America rescue cat
Iowa gives gun permits to the blind
Feline mayor escapes assassin dog
Miley Cyrus cries, swings around completely naked in 'Wrecking Ball' music video
16 grade school and high school students taken to hospital during a Catholic mass
Meet the Family That Shuns Technologies Introduced After 1986
North Korea rewrites basketball rules
GOP congressman claims Jesus would oppose food stamps
CU-Boulder police arrest suspected drunken horseback rider
Men Dressed as Batman and Captain America Rescue Cat
UAV Hunting License Applications Mount
Rush Limbaugh tops Amazon's bestseller list with his new children's book, 'Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims: Time-Travel Adventures with Exceptional Americans'
Teen 'Exorcists' Claim Harry Potter Books Allow Demons To Possess Readers
Play golf for only $9.11 on 9/11.
2 Chainz Previews Recipes From "#MEALTIME" Cookbook
Dennis Rodman To Train North Korea Olympic Basketball Team
Winnipeg man wards off polar bear with cellphone
Blogger Calls 911 Over Guy Using Cell Phone At Toronto Film Festival Screening
Prisoners sent to work at Red Centre salt mine
Staff find mice nibbling on face of dementia patient in Alberta
People are lining up for the new iPhone that hasn't even been announced yet.
Trip to Utah ends in Boulder with arrest on drunk horseback-riding, animal cruelty charges
John Kerry May Have Accidentally Found A Diplomatic Solution In Syria
Iowa allows gun permits for the blind
Demand for discounted onions crashes Groupon's Indian website
Almost a quarter of men admit to rape in parts of Asia
Onions fly off shelves in India Groupon deal - NY Daily News
Kerry promises 'unbelievably small' strike on Syria
Teen exorcists: The girls who expel demons on stage
Alaska man hands bank teller robbery note, waits for police
Group Wants Five Western Maryland Counties To Secede
200,000 participants have already signed up to be stars on a reality TV show where they are relocated to Mars and colonize it. Permanently.
Testicle size 'link to father role'
Bob Geldof set to travel into space
So, according to the Duke of Cambridge and the Daily Telegraph, newts now 1). are vocal 2). occur in Africa?
Colorado Springs man arrested for riding his horse while drunk
Wisconsin golf course commemorates 9/11 anniversary with coupon in newspaper
Charity shops stuck with thousands of copies of 50 Shades of Grey
EU bureaucrats ban children under eight from blowing up balloons in crackdown on 'dangerous toys'
Aw, nuts! Nurturing dads have smaller testicles, study shows
Children to be banned from blowing up balloons, under EU safety rules
Chuck Norris Explains Assad's Real Motivations in Syria
Naomi Watts says Diana gave permission to play her in biopic from beyond grave
Miley Cyrus makes out with a sledgehammer in her new video
20-year-old hermit lived all his life in Siberian forest
Blogger Calls 911 Over Cell Phone Use At Toronto International Film Festival
Blogger calls 911 over phone use at film screening
Obama disputed by family members on Syria
Fox News: 'Athiests Don't Have to Live Here'
CA School District Announces It's Doing Round-The-Clock Monitoring Of Its 13,000 Students' Social Media Activities
Disney develops 'magical' device to make fingertips sing
Dyson sues Samsung for sucking at original design
Atomic kitten: Nuclear boss claims cat taxi
iPhone 5S: 'Leaked pictures' show new handset 'has silver ring around the home button'
Apple's iPhone 5S Could Feature A Home Button With A Silver Ring Around The Edge
Switzerland ups legal prostitution age from 16 to 18
Glenn Beck Wants to Know: Why Can't We All Just Get Along?
Pittsburgh paper after 1 loss: "Losing can be bad for sports fans, physically as well as mentally"
Cheese it! Woman wanted for alleged hot nacho-cheese attack
Minnesota high school misspells own name on yearbook cover
Drunken moose gang stirs up trouble in Sweden
Pig drinks 18 beers and picks fight with cow
14 official NASA domains hacked, left with messages against NSA spying and War on Syria
Indianapolis public safety center declared unsafe.
Men with smaller testicles predisposed to hands-on parenting, study suggests
Golf Course Apologizes for $9.11 special on 9/11
Dyson sues Samsung for copying vacuum design.
Mother Claims To Have Preserved Son's Body For 18 Years Using Alcohol
Testicle size may indicate men's childcare aptitude, says US study
RMan with red or orange hair, wearing pink apron ransacks bakery
Men with smaller testicles may be more nurturing dads
Oprah Winfrey Is Afraid of Balloons
Report: Man with red or orange hair, wearing pink apron ransacks bakery
Fox anchor asks viewers to consider if bombing Syria is a harbinger of the Second Coming of Christ
Jordan MP fires Kalashnikov at rival in parliament
The Real Problem With Penis Gun Sculptures
Towns Prep For Disasters; Syrian Refugees; Musician Sam Amidon
Young Arizona 'exorcists' set out to save England from Harry Potter.
US teen exorcists visit UK to banish 'evil' of Harry Potter.
Breaking Bad 'crystal meth lab' toy sets spark outrage
Man on horseback arrested for riding drunk
Ann Arbor home invasion suspect returns speakers after resident said not to take them.
Tom Daley Comes Out As Straight
Newlywed forced husband to take the plunge -- off of a cliff in Montana. She currently faces a charge of second-degree murder.
Uri Geller mystified by letterbox on Thames Sonning Bridge
Great dads have smaller testicles, study suggests
Teen shamed for twerking at school.
Hunter given chance to ponder his place in the food chain as bears trap him in a tree for hours
Testes size correlates with men's involvement in toddler care
BAM and New York City Opera to present 'Anna Nicole'
Syria Admits It Has Chemical Weapons
Republican says he'll OK Syria strikes if Obama returns Nobel prize
Fox News expert: 'Women have the breasts' so health care should cost more than men
David Copperfield discovers fountain of youth
Fox Doc: Women Should Pay More For Health Insurance Because They Have Breasts, Ovaries
Campbell's introduces K-Cup soup
Bad Religion To Release Christmas Album
Fake Dominatrix Lures Slaves for Farm Work
Execution rescheduled to accommodate attorney general's re-election fundraiser
Police Bust Alleged Drug Ring That Halted Operations For Shabbat
"Black" Pastor sends e-mail to church congregation requesting that only "white" members be door greeters because "the best of the best" should be the first faces people see of their church.
Pig steals beer, gets drunk and starts fight with a cow
Raleigh police: Shooting bullets into air was wrong way to empty pistol
Ed Asner Explains Hollywood Silence on Obama, Syria: They 'Don't Want to Feel Anti-Black'
Americans prefer Miley to Syria stories by huge number - USA Today
Golf course uses 9/11 anniversary to promote discount
Joni Bakaradze Mummified With Vodka By Grieving Mom
Farmer ants draft parasite ants as mercenaries
Chinese 'paranormalist' arrested for exorcising a 'haunted vagina' with his penis
Snoop Lion becomes Mod on Weed Subreddit
Stork Suspected of Spying Found Dead in Egypt
Man waves box cutter at 2 after stealing deodorant, police say
Superbowl MVP Joe Flacco appears in McDonald's ad and was paid in McNuggets.
Woman's car covered in BBQ sauce after parking space dispute | Fox 59 News
Oprah Winfrey has revealed what she's scared of balloons. "There are a few things that in life, if you allow them to, can really keep you from moving forward."
Man Calls 911 Because He Overpaid an Escort
Texas Business Creates Truck Decal Of Woman Bound And Tied To Bring In New Customers
Pastor Refuses to Marry Couple an Hour Before Ceremony Because Bride's Dress is Too Sexy
Groupon India Onion Deal So Popular It Crashes Site
Super Heroes Rescue Cat From Burning Home
Richard Dawkins defends "mild pedophilia," says it does not cause "lasting harm"
Onion sale crashes Groupon India's website
Disney wants you to bring your iPad to 'The Little Mermaid' in theaters
Man Sues Walmart; Says Failed Shopping Bag Led To Wife's Death
Train conductor dead after being attacked by man declaring that he will "punch the first white man I see"
Johnny Manziel Gets His Own Camera
China's Prisoners for Hire. Bo Xilai may pay a poor man to be his body double in prison.
Meat inspector: "We are no longer in charge of safety"
Georgian woman cuts off web access to whole of Armenia
Doctors busted for putting fake mustache and teardrop stickers on woman during surgery, taking pics.
Wisconsin golf club offers 9 holes plus cart for $9.11 in honor of 9/11
Dennis Rodman and Kim Jong Un to write book together
Oops: new sun-reflecting London skyscraper melts cars
One Direction Singer Trucked in Charity Match; Vomiting and Death Threats Ensue
Air Force cracking down on Christians
State alters woman's name after it fails to fit on driver's license
Police say 4 people shot at Charlotte anti-violence vigil; no arrests so far
Man Wakes Up From Surgery, Realizes He's Married to a Beautiful Woman
Jordan MP shoots at rival in parliament
Dyson accuses Samsung of vacuum cleaner 'rip-off'
Missile launcher found in local landfill's recycling bin
Mother's Obituary Shocks Nevada Residents
Russian lawyers claim 'Harry Potter' character Dobby similar to Putin
Honorary feline mayor goes home after dog attack
Spelunkers find wallet man lost in NY cave in 1996
Naked Pie Man trades pies for highs
Weiner dodges sexting partner, flips the bird as he rides off
Netherlands Close Eight Prisons Due To Lack Of Criminals
These Arizona teenagers are gonna exorcise Britain of all the evil Harry Potter demons
Sales of Orwell's '1984' spike after NSA leak
Study: Smaller testicles, more-involved dads?
Woman calls for hot drink regulations after being scalded by tea.
Japan trying to make one of their prisons a more cuddlier and friendlier place.
Movie Blogger Calls 911 Over Cell Phone Use at Toronto Film Festival
Guantanamo judge makes secret ruling on secret motion in secret hearing - Americas
Naked man caught 'having sex' with Land Rover
Early Times releases a whiskey bottle for hunters
Julio Iglesias songs used to 'torture' prisoners in Pinochet regime
Pinochet Torturers 'Used George Harrison And Julio Inglesias' Music On Prisoners In Chile
RZA to Release 10" With Yoko Ono
Adolf Hitler loses honorary citizenship of German town
Japan's Asahikawa Prison tries for cuddly image with mascot "Katakkuri-chan"
Chinese Eat Baby Soup For Sex
Police nab man who allegedly committed 'indecent act' while wearing Maple Leafs jersey - with his name printed on the back
Lawsuit Says Woman Died Because Walmart Didn't Double-Bag Her Groceries
Missouri bill would void federal gun laws, OK machine guns for residents while making background checks illegal
Jordanian MP fires AK-47 during parliament session
Youth Football Team Raffles Off Glock Handgun
So putting stockings on dogs in China is a thing apparently....
YouTube Drunk Driving Confessor Leaves Judge 'Incensed' With Not Guilty Plea
Drunk, naked man arrested for humping Land Rover
Local woman arrested for encouraging and distributing photos of minors eating bacon
Florida execution delayed because of attorney general's fundraiser
Fans line up for the new iPhone in NYC, 2 weeks before release
Intel reveals 14nm PC, declares Moore's Law 'alive and well'
Four wheel sex drive - man caught on CCTV getting intimate with a Land Rover
Massport apologizes for conducting fire training exercise at Logan Airport on 12th anniversary of Sept. 11 attacks
Vanilla Ice scheduled to perform Halftime of the Texans-Titans game on "Liberty White Out" Day
Thousands of fish killed after massive molasses spill in Honolulu Harbor
After prolonged debate, bunch of drunk guys on a night out decide to repair public bike rack.
Police indict drug dealing ring that closed for the Sabbath.
Man Accused Of Changing Address So Wrecking Crew Would Demolish Neighbor's House Instead
US golf club faces backlash over 9/11-themed discount
John Kerry's Syria 'Expert' Fired for Falsely Claiming to Hold a Ph.D.
Restaurant lost on 9/11 had remarkable wine list.
Milwaukee's latest antidote to icy streets: cheese brine
Memorial University engineering dean says beer mug sent disturbing message
Village People Singer Wants To Ban The Group From Singing YMCA After Claiming He's Regained The Copyright
Donald and daughter Ivanka Trump will consider acquiring FBI headquarters
Dolphin dies after idiots make it pose for too many photos
Could cheese be used as a de-icer on Milwaukee roads?
This Esquire magazine mistake really happened
Man freed after being stuck in chimney
Man allegedly tries to rob bank in San Mateo, settles for free coffee
Millennials Now Bringing Their Parents Along On Job Interviews
Should You Bring Mom and Dad to Your Job Interview?
Winnipeg man wards off polar bear with cellphone [x-post upliftingnews]
Eastern Ontario marijuana growers on high alert for flying Fan-man
California mother reportedly shames daughter to hold sign after twerking at school dance
Australian Man Hospitalized After Inserting Fork Into Penis
Texas Man Finds Snake in Beer, Keeps Partying
UNC prof ignites 4th Amendment debate after being pulled over by fire truck
Crews demolish the wrong house in Pontiac; One homeowner accused of changing address numbers
Utah hunter gores himself on antler of elk he killed.
Study: Small-Balled Dads Are the Best Dads - Julie Beck
Vanilla Ice to Perform at NFL Halftime Show
Obama, Putin penis painting confiscated
US voters kick out gun control politicians
Police: Man threatens woman's car, dog and couch over broken plans
Censored 'full-frontal' kangaroo photo sparks criticism on Facebook : TreeHugger
Ontario police warn against marijuana bandit with a hovercraft
Pope Francis assures sceptics: You don't have to believe in God to go to heaven
Crew demolishes wrong house in Michigan
Analysis: With new iPhone, Jobs' ghost exits Apple
Hello Kitty beers make a splash in Asia
Florida man accused of 'walking on wrong side of the road'
South Carolina city makes being homeless illegal
Mayhem as MP fires AK-47 at colleague in Jordan's parliament
Underground - And Illegal - NYC Dinner Parties
Skeleton Dressed as Santa Claus, Nailed To A Cross, Taken Down From Courthouse Display
Rex Ryan once pumped up his team by telling them he was going to punch Bill Belichick in the face
19-year-old accused of fatally shooting Michigan State Police trooper has been in trouble before
DRUNK WASPS: Just When You Thought They Couldn't Get Any Worse
Police: Malta woman reported herself for DUI
Joe Lhota Says He Is Not 'Anti-Kitten Candidate'
Mystery midnight car washer arrested in Taiwan
Canadian woman caught smuggling cocaine in fake pregnancy stomach
Reality stars halt gas mask distribution
Jelena Jensen and Kirsten Price
Finns to Use Angry Birds to Teach Chinese Children
Raquel Rolnik: A dabbler in witchcraft who offered an animal sacrifice to Marx
Rand Paul asks Americans to form alliance with Assade regime
Idaho man who dresses as dog had sex with cat: cops
Rugby player get 8 match ban for biting an opponents penis
Pope Francis assures atheists: You don't have to believe in God to go to heaven
Teenager Emma Power feels sick if she can't post 20 selfies a day
Councillor wants to relax drink driving limits to three pints to save rural pubs from closure
Are Men With Smaller Testicles Really 'Better' Fathers?
LHC celebrates five years of not destroying the world
6 Reasons to NOT Send Your Daughter to College
Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson denies manufacturing drones for US military
Is it too early for pumpkin beer? Brewers don't think so.
Ontario marijuana growers on high alert for flying 'Fan-man'
Tobacco tax 'forcing low-income people to go without food'
Target Field transit station will be like NYC's Grand Central Station
Man diagnosed with chronic tardiness disease
Likely Australian senator brushes off kangaroo poo fight video
Secret vodka smuggling pipeline discovered under Kyrgyzstan river
Bay Area McDonald's manager accused of robbing his own restaurant
Flo Rida Launches His Own Line Of Theremins
'9/11 was an inside job': Italian MP
Blobfish Wins "Ugliest Animal" Vote
21 Reasons BlackBerrys Are Better Than iPhones
Mrs. Obama's push to drink more water draws criticism
Men's Wearhouse: Superstitious Brides Hurting Sales
Looking to Impress Your Girl? Service in Kazakhstan Sells Heroism
Church battles local hunger with food fight
Sanitation Worker on Strike Struck by Trash Truck
Frog pops up in NASA photo of LADEE rocket launch: Did it croak?
Hackers Attack NASA's Website to Protest NSA
New York City Overwhelmed by Scourge of Illegal, Underground Dinner Parties
Man charged with shooting after failed pop tart robbery (xpost r/Austin)
Groom allegedly pushed to his death by wife was warned not to marry her, friends say
How Did This California Girl Become a Real Warrior Princess?
Pastor Who Claimed He Raped Teenage Boys to Keep Them "Sexually Pure" Will Not Serve Jail Time
UK Home Office accused of illegal font use on controversial illegal immigrants campaign
There Is a Man Wandering Around California With 3 Mules
A Plea for Caution From Russia
Miley cyrus' song could help kids learn science better
Fearful couple held hostage - by pet cat
Massive Molasses Spill Devastates Honolulu Marine Life
Hospital Security Guard Beats the Hell Out of Kidney Patient, Who Just Tried to Leave After 9-Hour Wait, Victim and Daughter Claim
Cheesy Lobster-Flavored Lay's Chips Exists
Herpes-infected monkeys terrorize Florida
Group of Drunk Men Engage in 'Remarkable' Act of Reverse-Vandalism
Gloppy blobfish wins ugliest endangered animal.
Study: Attractive People Favored in Job Interviews
The man who made Femen: New film outs Victor Svyatski as the mastermind behind the protest group and its breast-baring stunts
Oregon GOP Chair Seeks Urine Samples
Monkey bites off and eats baby's testicle at wildlife park
This is my town. "Amherst, Mass., schools closed because of slick floors that caused 22 falls in just 1 day"
5-year-old Chinese pilot sets the World Record for "World's Youngest Pilot."
5-year old Chinese boy becomes "World's Youngest Pilot."
Fox News doing a Poll: "Do you believe violent video games are to blame for inciting mass murderers, as some researchers say?"
Girl catches fire as twerking video goes horribly, horribly wrong
Police: Blonde Teacher Had Sex With Students In Classroom
Extreme parenting: 'Eagle Dad' trains son, 5, to be world's youngest pilot
Loose baggy pants foil Florida church robbery suspect's getaway
Hawaiian Woman's 35-Letter Last Name Doesn't Fit on Her Driver's License
12 years after 9/11, Obama sends guns to al-Qaeda
Attractive People Favored in Job Interviews over Non-Attractive Ones, Study
Helium balloons lift aviator Jonathan Trappe Up for transatlantic trip
Stupid Sign Seems to be Reducing Car Crashes [xpost from r/urbanplanning]
Snake Preserved in Wine Bites Woman
Brookings man calls police to tell them someone stole his marijuana, pipe
233,000 Gallons of Molasses Spilled in Hawaii, Killing Everything
One Huge Reason To Not Switch To Android Or Windows
Tulsa hoarder surrenders 35 more dogs two days after 25 were removed from her home
Walking Dead Actor Hit By Military Vehicle
German court rules Muslim girls must join swim classes.
RECEIVE A FREE TATTOO WITH PURCHASE OF NIRVANA'S "IN UTERO" REISSUE
Baby elephant rejected by mom wept inconsolably, but is now OK
Man Dies After Eating Cocaine Hidden In Brother's Butt
The singing hot dog vendor was fired for his anti-ketchup views
Teen Drops $33K on Historic Wikileaks Server Using Dad's eBay Account
Ben Affleck to bring fatigue and weariness to Batman role
Urban Meyer to Buckeyes player robbing him at gunpoint: You owe me a long day in the weightroom tomorrow
NASA Rocket Launch Accidentally Lifts Frog Towards Space
Priest returns to ministry a year after 911 call about self-bondage incident
Man attempting trans-Atlantic crossing using hundreds of multicolored balloons
Rand Paul Ted Cruz Defund Obamacare Rally Attracts Dozens of Medicare Elderly People
Honey! I shat a baby...
The cows connected to the internet
'Orange Is the New Black' audience is a mystery even to distributor
Man Rolls His Jeep After Distracted By Bee
Student "scientifically proves" gay marriage wrong.
One-armed Belarus man arrested for clapping
Man arrested for domestic violence twice after threesome
Saudi swordsman unconcerned about country's transition away from beheadings
10 Secret Trig Functions Your Math Teachers Never Taught You
Baltimore rocked by unknown noise
Friday 13th travellers take chance on flight 666 to HEL
TV Stations Warns of "Unregulated" Underground Dinner Parties
Vladimir Putin, The Next Nobel Peace Prize Winner?
DJ class for babies in Brooklyn
South Korea Will Soon Be Home To An Invisible Skyscraper
One Direction fan allegedly kills pet dog after singers don't follow her on Twitter
Mrs. Keihanaikukauakahihuliheekahaunaele furious over ID name snub
Corrections creating commemorative coin for Ronnie Lee Gardner execution
'Balloon boy' Falcon Heene, 9, now part of metal band
Women Sell Positive Pregnancy Tests on Craigslist
BBC News - Holland's 'sniffer rats' have a nose for crime-fighting
Holland's 'sniffer rats' have a nose for crime-fighting
Police warning after clowns spotted acting suspiciously in Northampton
Man called in bomb threat to Camden Yards because he was 'tired of Baltimore'
Canadian hid cocaine in fake pregnancy bump, Colombia police say
Young One Direction fan threatens to kill pet Chihuahua over group on Twitter and then she went through with it
Iran's State Press Stole Our Article -- and Turned It Into Blatant Propaganda
Jack White Thinks Dan Auerbach Is Ripping Him Off And Won't Let Their Kids Play Together
BBC News - US pilot forced to end Atlantic cluster ba
McCain Accuses Obama of Thinking Before Using Force
Van carrying two clowns crashes, 'Dimples the Clown' suffers minor bump to his head
6 Reasons (+2) to NOT Send Your Daughter to College
Unluckiest Trip Ever: Flight 666 to HEL (Helsinki) on Friday the 13th
Congressman recalls drunken arm-wrestling match with Putin
US man has been forced to abandon his bid to cross the Atlantic in a lifeboat suspended by some 370 helium balloons because of technical problems
Heartless: Nevada Dumps 1,500 Mental Patients Via One-Way Greyhound Ticket to California
Federico's Mexican Restaurant Causes Bloody Diarrhea Outbreak, Offers Free Burritos As Apology
Obsessed One Direction fan 'kills pet Chihuahua' after band didn't follow her on Twitter
'Follow me or I'll break my dog's neck' - Obsessed One Direction fan 'kills dog' after band ignore tweets
Flight 666 goes to HEL on Friday the 13th
Flight 666 goes to HEL on Friday 13
Did disdain for ketchup get Tigers' Singing Hot Dog Man fired? He speaks out
California Bill to Let Illegal Immigrants Practice Law
Florida overrun with herpes-infested feral monkeys.
John McCain Will Attack Vladimir Putin in the Pages of Pravda
USB Condom protects your devices from nasty ports
A few drops of criticism for Michelle Obama's new initiative - CNN Political Ticker
Balloonist trying to cross Atlantic with 400 balloons ditches in Newfoundland
NSA built replica of USS Enterprise bridge to sell Congress on spying
Unpaid busperson internship offered at Vancouver Fairmont Waterfront Hotel
Nigerian graduate student has used science to prove that gay marriage is wrong.
Ohio State students discover stranger living in basement
Officers surprised by brazen bat attack in lobby of jail in downtown Las Vegas
Holy Water In Austria 'Is Contaminated With Faecal Matter'
Daily Show: Monsanto patents seeds, sues farmers whose fields get contaminated, dare to partake in the basis of agriculture: seed saving.
John McCain Prepares To Troll Vladimir Putin In A Russian Newspaper
YouTube launches ambitious plan to generate more videos for site
UPDATE: Green Bay council votes down saggy pants ban
NSA director modeled war room after Star Trek's Enterprise
Observatory Wants to Name Asteroid After Trayvon Martin
Pittsburgh Residents Ticketed for Parking in their Own Driveways
So I found this wonderful new news site...
Man Who Branded Initials on Girlfriend's 'Vaginal Area' Seemed 'Normal'
Merced Police Take Injured Animals To Shooting Range Under Policy
Merced Police Policy Of Taking Injured Animals To Shooting Range Comes Under Fire
APD: Portion of Lance Armstrong Bikeway a 'haven for drugs'
Massive molasses spill prompts shark-attack warning
Catholic Church confirms atheists still go to hell, after Pope Francis suggests they might go to heaven
Federico's Mexican Food Offering Free Burritos for That Whole Bloody-Diarrhea Outbreak Thing
Nigerian student uses magnets to prove gay marriage scientifically impossible
Naked man caught on CCTV having sex with a LAND ROVER
Florida pastor in protest accidentally burns 2,000 Bibles, mistaking the books for Korans.
A boardwalk that was destroyed by water has now been destroyed by fire.
X-Post from /r/Margate - Pair arrested after Margate street fight with samurai sword and garden fork
DoD office can't process FOIAs because fax machine broken, no money for new one
Would-be 'Up' voyage over Atlantic fizzles in Canada
20,000 kilos of fake beef seized in Xi'an
Pair arrested after Margate street fight with samurai sword and garden fork
'I will not even go to strip clubs anymore!' promises Minneapolis mayoral candidate in bizarre campaign video
Australia Considers Killing Camels for Carbon Credits
The Islamic beauty pageant, where you cannot show "immodest" parts like your hair and shoulders.
Milwaukee Wants To Use Cheese Brine On Icy Roads
One Direction Fan Kills Puppy to Get a Twitter Follow
Replica 'Enterprise' bridge used to sell surveillance to Congress
All but one of the offenders they have arrested in the last four years was a hard-core Trekkie.
Egyptian Islamists oppose Polish woman's planned 'sex marathon' tour
Crazed One Direction Fan Kills Pet Dog because Band won't Follow her on Twitter
Mexican Restaurant Offers Free Burritos to Make Up for Bloody Diarrhea
Nigerian Student Chibuihem Amalaha 'Uses Science To Prove Gay Marriage Is Wrong'
Dogs basically don't care if you are a robot or a human
"God is indeed a homophobe" - Ron Paul Curriculum Author Who Wants Stoning, Biblical Slavery | Alternet
Michelle Obama Says Drinking Water is a Good Thing - Americans Get Outraged
Anti-Ketchup Vendor Fired For Discriminating Taste
Minneapolis mayoral candidate says he'll stay out of strip clubs in bizarre ad (VIDEO)
Pet cemeteries will now accept human remains for burial alongside beloved family pets
Radical feminist topless protest group Femen masterminded by man 'to get girls'
Slippery floors cancel school in Amherst
Floyd Mayweather Jr. Keeps His Money In One Bank Account With $123 Million In It
NFL.com posts a story about concussions ... in baseball
Terry Bradshaw: "I Wouldn't Have Fucked His Old, Ugly-Ass Mother"
NFL.com posts article discussing concussion growth in the MLB
'World's smallest pony' kidnapped from show
Australian Wild Pig Drinks 18 Beers, Gets in Fight with Cow
Bored white lady from California becomes first bored white lady Maasai warrior
Scientists Conclude that Animals are Conscious Beings
David Cross "Syria's Next Motherfucker" [2004] (x-post from /r/comedy)
Prison uses cuddly mascot in image makeover
Texas evangelicals argue against evangelism
Bookless Public Library Opens In Texas
Bizarre mayoral campaign ad in wet underpants
NSA disguised itself as Google to spy, say reports
Cops: Man Rolls His Jeep After Distracted By Bee
Soccer coach spies on rival in full camouflage
Uproar over Russian MP Irina Rodnina's Obama banana pic
Gay Russian man sodomized by group of religious men because the attackers wanted him to "repent for his sins."
Terrebone Parish teen arrested for using app to shoot classmates
Building A Strong Foundation for Writing Killer 5linx Testimonials
Michele Bachmann Accuses President Obama of "Islamist Jihad"
Man apparently seeking help killed by Charlotte police
Going to the Game, to Watch Them All on TV
Family of Pablo Escobar attempt to register his name as a brand
Miley Cyrus Stops Following Fiance Liam Hemsworth on Twitter
World's Smallest Pony Stolen in Italy
Charlotte police kill unarmed man who may have been running to them for help
Miley Cyrus Unfollows Fiancé Liam Hemsworth on Twitter
The Guardian writer says the wrongly accused should stop "noisily fostering a sense of grievance" since they aren't the real victims
Woman suing hospital, doctors over prank during surgery
Spooky clown mystery grips Northampton
Friendly buck 'John Deer' has been euthanized in B.C. for being too familiar with humans
When Facebook sees a penis on Yom Kippur eve
Teen slices off own head with toy helicopter
Science of Gay Marriage: Scientifically proved that gay marriage is wrong
The NSA director had his Information Dominance Center redesigned to look like the Starship Enterprise
Miss Uzbekistan Is a Woman of Mystery; Her Country Denies Her Existence, Never Even Held a Miss Uzbekistan Contest
Man caught having sex with Land Rover
Daniel 'Hotcock' Cooper Convicted Of Sex With A Land Rover
School teacher tells 10-year-old girl she can't write about God as her idol
Drunken Brit banned from partying after he's busted having sex with Land Rover
University of Lagos: Magnets prove homosexuality is unnatural
Rabid miniature donkey on Monmouth County farm
Beaver butt secretion good for baking: agency
Steve Aoki Shocks EDM Community By Admitting He Is Not An Actual DJ
Former NSA and CIA director says terrorists love using Gmail
Despite fears, NSA revelations helping U.S. tech industry
Women trapped in elevator after supporting striking elevator workers
There's no salmon fishing in Yemen, tourist board warns
Ex-mayor and mom of five who admitted to touching 14-year-old boy banned from daughter's high school graduation
Someone uses a note to hold their place in line at the Apple store, the Internet goes ballistic
Study: Holy Water May be Harmful to Your Health
Shark 'sent to Egypt by Mossad'
Syria Conflict Indicates Armageddon, Say One Third Of Americans (SURVEY)
Ex-KGB officer talks Nobel Peace Prize winner out of launching war Read more: http://communities.washingtontimes.com/neighborhood/stimulus/2013/sep/15/ex-kgb-officer-talks-nobel-peace-prize-winner-out-/#ixzz2ezqsHnZj Follow us: @wtcommunities on Twitter
Ex-KGB officer talks Nobel Peace Prize winner out of launching war
Quinoa Faces a Backlash
World's smallest pony kidnapped: Italian police suspect Mafia is behind disappearance of 63cm tall Charlie
Orlando station apologizes for showing Jaguars game
Orlando TV station apologizes for airing Jaguars game
Dopey gang spent months growing cannabis - but used wrong plant
Chinese man turns green after eating too many river snails.
Pittsburgh Zoo Blames Child's Mauling Death on Mom
Chihuahua snatched by eagle
Herpes-Infected Monkeys Invade Florida
Thanks a lot Florida.
Minneapolis mayoral candidate promises he 'will not even go to strip clubs anymore!'
Researchers find fecal matter in most church holy water
Drunk Woman Strangles Elderly Neighbor To Death With Her Bra In Russia
NYC drug dealers observed Jewish sabbath, police say
Charley Marcuse, Detroit Tigers Singing Hot Dog Man, Possibly Fired For Anti-Ketchup Stance
How Should a Christian Respond to Syria?
Google Street View Driver Rams 2 Buses, 1 Truck in Failed Hit-and-Run
NSA director modeled his war room after Star Trek's Enterprise (w/ pictures)
Orlando TV Station Apologizes for Airing Jaguars-Raiders Game
A Google Street View Car Hit A Bus, Tried To Flee, Then Hit Another Bus And A Truck
Orlando station apologizes for having to show Jacksonville Jaguars game
Evil Clown hired for stalking, threats and a pie in the face
Now Hipster Parents Can Sign Their Babies Up For DJ School In Brooklyn
Man found guilty in naked attack on O'Fallon, Mo., police officer with medieval-replica weapon
'Breaking Bad': How Crystal Meth Saved Albuquerque
Hapless farmer gets cute puppy to look after his sheep - turns out to be a wolf
The Man In Charge Of The NSA Modeled His Office After The Bridge Of The Starship Enterprise
Google Street View car flees double-accident, crashes into parked truck
Indian-American Wins Miss USA Pageant, People Outraged.
China's Newest Innovation: Live Crab Vending Machines
TV Station Forced To Broadcast Jaguars: WKMG-TV Apologies For 'Inconvenience' Of Bad Team
Nigerian Student "Disproves" Homosexuality, With Magnets
ASU Party-Girl Not Afraid of Joe Arpaio, Says "Nobody's Going to Be Sober" This Weekend
Baby No.17 on the way for Sue the supermum
Nigerian Researcher: Magnetism Proves Same-Sex Marriage Unnatural
Nigerian student claims he's discovered 'scientific proof' gay marriage is wrong (using magnets)
Science of Gay Marriage
Florida TV station explains reason it airs Jacksonville Jaguars game
Floyd Mayweather Keeps $123 Million Cash In His Checking Account
Russian Shot in Quarrel Over Kant's Philosophy
'He doesn't juggle. He doesn't twist balloons into animal shapes. He just stares': Creepy clown terrifies Northampton residents
Drug dealer crushed to death by 500kg of marijuana during police chase
Mel Gibson's daughter marries a Jewish man.
Drinking tea can't be a crime: Bombay HC
Batman and Captain America save cat from house fire
Netflix studies piracy sites to decide what to buy
PETA Condems Iran Sending A Cat Into Space
How would we have eaten if we didn't use taxpayers' money?
Local TV Station Apologizes for being Forced to Air Jacksonville Jaguars Game
Gwent Police officer's sex on duty like taking 'tea break'
Not the fax, ma'am : DoD out of cash to buy new machine
Horse Soccer gains ground in Montana, across US
Americans Call First Indian American Miss America Winner a Terrorist
BBC: Tiny parking space at Burry Port baffles drivers
Man Who Invented Ladyblogs Spends $50/Day on Woman to Rest His Laptop On
Paedophile posed as Justin Bieber to take indecent images of children
Man Shot in Quarrel Over Kant's Philosophy
Florida Invaded by Herpes-Infected Monkeys
Russia: School for mastering "The Art of oral sex"
South Korean Soldiers Kill Man Trying To Cross To North
Fox Guest: 'Fracking Is Actually Incredibly Good For Our Environment'
Toronto boys tried to sell woman grass they claimed was pot
Boys tried to sell woman grass they claimed was pot - Toronto
Bravo Orders Unscripted Limited Series With Regular People Commenting On TV Shows
Iran Considering Sending Persian Cat To Space
Cooper Manning Tired of Being Disrespected: "Peyton and Eli don't know shit about energy investment equity"
Ask a cop: Trolling should be illegal
South Korea military kills man swimming to North Korea.
Texas woman wounded when dog knocks over shotgun
Dog Accidentally Shoots Owner
Iran plans to sends Persian cat astronaut into space
Researchers Say Too Much Freedom Causes Unhappiness
Japanese man walks home 800 miles after being mugged
Russian official mocks Navy Yard shooting
Uta Kohaku, Japanese Porn Actress, Gets 100 Bottles Of Semen From Fans
Virgins' Blood Request by Peking University Has Some Seeing Red.
Al Qaeda leader urges restraint in first 'guidelines for jihad'
Whales Record Major Life Events In Their Earwax
We don't need schools. They're too expensive and our kids ain't learning nothing.
NSA Chief Built Star Trek Like Command Center
There's No College Tuition 'Bubble': College Education Is Underpriced
No, A Severed Finger Will Not Be Able to Access a Stolen iPhone 5S
Daughter writes honest obituary about her mother.
Only three students sign up for alcohol-free accommodation
Reddit bans subreddit dedicated to finding the Navy Yard shooters
Should You Bring Mom and Dad to the Office?
Alleged cop escort for gay porn stars probed
Man with no pants wrecks marina.
Iran looks to put Persian cat into space
South Korea shoots dead a man trying to swim to North
White House On Lockdown After Male Threw Firecrackers Over North Fence
Fans Urge Jacksonville Jaguars to Sign Tim Tebow at Ralley
Tokyo man to be evicted by the Olympics for the second time
Women survive 'savage attack' from tree
Queens Librarian Reads to Live Alligator to Reward Summer Reading
iPhone 5S won't work with severed fingers.
World's tallest man saves dolphin
Russian scientists create pill allowing people to be drunker, longer.
Milwaukee Will Fight Slippery Roads With Cheese Brine
Uzbekistan: Children 'refused textbooks unless they buy newspapers'
Report: Teens Using "Digital Drugs" to Get High
SEP 10 2013 Beamz New Technology Turns Hipsters to Bros; Will Destroy Music; Eat Hot Pockets
Not right away, but you know, after a while
Severe penalties for defamatory retweets in China
Orlando TV Station Airs Public Apology For Having To Broadcast Jacksonville Jaguars Games
Toothless man, 41, bit his neighbour's manhood 'like a sandwich' in a row over loud music
Walk-in vagina installed in Johannesburg women's prison
Man in silver spandex suit suspected in Macomb County burglaries
Iran mulls Persian cat as next animal astronaut
Orlando TV Station Apologizes for Airing Jaguars vs. Raiders Game
Mass. School District Closed Due to Slick Floors
Pope electors told of "Smoke of Satan" in Vatican
Jaden Smith: " If Everybody In The World Dropped Out Of School We Would Have A Much More Intelligent Society."
Jaden Smith: "If Everyone Dropped Out of School, Society Would Be More Intelligent"
British Town is Being Terrorized by an Evil Clown
Godly Nigerian student uses magnets to demonstrate scientifically why gay marriage is wrong
Snake bites woman after sitting in wine for three months
Dead captain found guilty in Istanbul sea crash
'Family pub night' plan to curb teen drinking comes under fire
Loss of critical reasoning: Russian man shot in heated debate over Kant's philosophy
City makes 'twerking' illegal because of Jesus; 30 days in jail for the first offense
Russian man shot in quarrel over Immanuel Kant's philosophy
Swedes scared by runaway Norwegian cows
London man stabbed and robbed of his copy of GTA 5
Hong Kong Marathon launches anti-'selfie' campaign
Nigerian Research Student Claims Magnets Prove That Gay Marriage Is Wrong, Hopes for Nobel Prize
Man Choked Woman After Smoking Pot Laced With Horse Tranquilizer
NFLers line up to star in ads for... men's toilet wipes
John Raper arrested on child rape charges
Senhor Testiculo (AKA 'Mr. Balls') Is Here To Save Brazilians From Testicular Cancer
In Pursuit of Tastier Chickens, a Strict Diet of Four-Star Scraps
Quite possibly the worst doctor's visit ever
Harvard teaches women correct way to raise their hands, attempts mass social engineering
Creepy clown terrifying residents by standing around on street corners staring at passers-by
Nestle CEO Seeks To Control The World's Water Supply
Fecal bacteria and fertilizer contamination of holy water found by researchers
Harry trains for polar trek in fridge
Prince Harry Trains for Polar Trek in Freezer
Italy's Casanovas hit where it hurts.
Nigerian Grad Student Uses Magnets to Prove Gay Marriage is Wrong
Northampton Clown Terrorizes English Town Just By Standing Around
GTA V Out Just In Time To Be Blamed For Washington Shootings
Copper bracelets, magnetic wrist straps fail to help rheumatoid arthritis
Anonymous Cop Pens Editorial Calling for 'End of Anonymity on the Internet'
Fox & Friends Co-Host Elisabeth Hasselbeck: We Need National Registry of Video Game Purchases
BBC News - Cape Town 'poo wars': Mass arrests in South Africa
Prince Harry spends night in giant, -35 Celsius freezer to train for South Pole race against the Wire's McNulty
Saudi Cleric: Muslim Men May Enjoy the Company Of Up To 19,604 "Black Eyed Virgins" In Paradise
Iran to Send Cat to Outer Space
Damascus clubbers dance on in bid to forget war outside
Entire family contracts STD from a Shanghai hotel
Statewide survey shows "ball tapping" problem widespread
Joe Biden's Niece Slugged a Cop, Got Arrested
Brazil hackers mistake NASA for NSA in spying payback
Cape Town 'poo wars': Mass arrests in South Africa
Brookline Police arrest man after alleged leaf blower violation
Russian Man Shot in Heated Kant Philosophy Debate
Sydney officials evacuate building after mistaking durian smell for gas leak
Kansas City couple decides to boycott their local NFL team, because a group of strippers will be at the game.
Michelle Obama's Drink More Water Campaign Based on Faulty Science
KC mom says there's no room for strippers at stadium
Broken Pentagon fax machine rejecting FOIA requests, won't be replaced until October
Sugar is 'addictive and the most dangerous drug of the times'
Parks Canada declares war on rats in Haida Gwaii world heritage site
Pirate Party Crashes Spy Drone in Front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel
Man jailed for chomping on doorman's nipple.
Ohio State students find secret roommate in their home
Giant Pendulum At GVSU Removed After Students Kept Stripping Naked And Going Miley Cyrus "Wrecking Ball" On It
Police: Eagles tunes lead to bread knife brawl
DeQuincy, Louisiana City Bans Twerking
Attorney who billed for 29-hour day did the work, his lawyer says
Woman Stabs Roommate for Refusing to Stop Listening to The Eagles
Drunk Woman Attacks Roommate With Knife For Listening To The Eagles
College removes wrecking ball sculpture after students perform nude parodies of Miley Cyrus
Supreme Court to Decide if KC Royals Mascot was Negligent in Hot Dog-Throwing Incident
Give Back? Yes, It's Time For The 99% To Give Back To The 1%
NSA Chief Built "Starship Enterprise Bridge", Sat in Captain's Chair
Best boyfriend ever turns himself into a chair for tired girlfriend
Cops: Man Hit Girl To Beat Of "Blurred Lines"
Former NSA, CIA Chief Sees Future of Alcoholism for Snowden - Report
Grand Valley State removes wrecking ball sculpture after students ride it nude like Miley Cyrus
Argument over the theories of 18th-century philosopher Immanuel Kant ends in man being shot in Russian grocery store
Woman known for non-stop hiccups on trial for murder
Nigerian Student Uses Magnets To 'Prove' Gay Marriage Is Wrong
Barcelona sign Swedish boy, 9
Girl has disease that draws her to men: Asaram's lawyer
Campus Removes Pendulum After Students Use It To Imitate Miley Cyrus Video
Man who was evicted for 1964 Olympics to be evicted for the 2020 Olympics
Toothless man guilty of biting neighbour's penis in row over loud music
Slash Loves the Name Axl
Creationist: Bill Nye 'doesn't understand science correctly'
Brazilian Hackers Mistakenly Attack NASA As Payback For NSA Spying.
My house made Gawker! "OSU Students Find Stranger Living Behind Mystery Door in Their Basement"
Stalker told to supply room-freshener, deo to school for blind
Fox News host suggests national registry for video games with guns in them rather than actual guns
Power hungry NSA chief has his office modeled on Star Trek Enterprise
U.S. to seize Manhattan skyscraper secretly owned by Iran
Power hungry NSA chief has his office modeled to look like Star Trek Enterprise
Building evacuated after fire drill mistaken for actual emergency
Texas town outraged after middle school football player dies from attack by ants during game
A whale's life story is recorded in its ear wax
Ear Wax From Whales Keeps Record Of Ocean Contaminants
Anonymous officer calls for "End of anonymity on the internet."
Researchers Insist That Their Call for the Blood of Female Virgins Was Misunderstood
'Marvel's Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D.' Director Sues 'Big Time Rush' EP Over 'Johnny Test'
Termites Use Poop to Fight Biological Warfare
America's Bridges Are Collapsing - Eight Ways To Avoid Being Shark Bait
NHL player faces illegal grizzly hunting accusation.
How much sex is considered exercise?
Gang of drunken elks terrorise homeowner
Police Impostor Tries to Stop Actual Officer
Chinese woman found alive after 15 days in well
Auto-Brewery Syndrome: Apparently, You Can Make Beer In Your Gut
You Can Brew Beer In Your Gut -- Auto-Brewery Syndrome -- A 61-year-old man did just that.
Swedish Court: Public masturbation not a crime
Detroit firefighters working by candle after power failure in fire house
Son defends his dad 'having sex with a dog'
The Air Force blew up this tiny 'pirate boat' with a 2,000-pound smart bomb, because 'America'
Teen steals iPod from baby in stroller in the Bronx, gets caught after taking selfies on the iPod immediately.
Starbucks, in switch, asks customers not to bring guns into stores
Jackie Chan plans Jackie Chan theme park
Portfolio details spell out Tony Abbott's role as women's minister.
Man pocket dials 911, mentions murder
Man Who Was Evicted For 1964 Olympics To Be Evicted For 2020 Olympics
Astros Lost In Local TV Ratings To Out-Of-Market WNBA Game
Wayne Stilwell jailed for mosque bacon attack
Peruvians hold marriage ceremony for vicunas (llamas), hundreds of people attend
Fox News' Hasselbeck: Navy Yard shooting shows need for video game registry, not gun control
Queen's swan found barbecued on riverbank
Indian police arrested man for suspicious tea drinking.
Australian Man has House Plumbed with Beer
More than 500 people scheduled to protest University of Alabama segregation Wednesday morning
Bombay HC slams police for arresting person drinking tea 'suspiciously'
Woman accused of stabbing roommate who refused to stop listening to the Eagles
Public masturbation not a crime in Sweden!
BBC presenter does live broadcast clutching stack of paper instead of iPad
Man Videos Child Beating To Tune Of Robin Thicke Song 'Blurred Lines'
Vernett Bader Stabs Roommate Who Wouldn't Stop Listening To The Eagles
Young Staten Island men impersonate police officers to skip line to buy Grand Theft Auto V
Man shot during debate about author of the book "Critique of Pure Reason"
Northampton Clown Hunted Down By Mystery Superhero 'Boris the Clown Catcher'
Navy yard shooting: Americans 'sick and tired' of mass killings
Ted Chudleigh, Ontario Tory MPP, Denounces Quebec's Values Charter With Poem
Penis Biting Rugby Player Denies Accusation, Says He Was Wearing Mouthguard
Hostage Police Chief Persuades 23 Insurgents to Surrender
Indian court slams Kolhapur police after arresting suspicious tea drinker
Nude burglar gets stuck attempting animal hospital break-in
Woman Stabbed Roommate Because She Wouldn't Stop Listening to The Eagles
Time to get the tissues for a totally different reason
Flip-flop ban at San Juan Capistrano parks baffles city officials
Facebook sorry for running dating site ad showing photo of girl who hung herself after cyber-bullying
Verizon Blasts Google's NSA Lawsuit as "Consumer-centric"
Missouri Couple Outraged By Fully Clothed Strippers at Kansas City Chiefs Game
Naked Miley Cyrus parody forces GVSU to remove wrecking ball sculpture
Chinese Women Signing On For Grown-Up Sex-Ed Classes
North Carolina Soldier And Wife Charged With Making Dog Porn
Give Christians a Chance
TIME Cover Story: Google vs. Death
Tampa Bay veterans found a creative treatment for their PTSD: nudism
Gay-To-Straight Conversion Programs To Be Included In All Virginia Public School Curriculums Beginning October 1st
Senate Hearing on Gun Laws Postponed Due to Navy Yard Shooting
Church of Flying Spaghetti Monster Gives Gift to Anti-Gay Crusader
'Man cuts off testicles' and storms church on wedding day
Newsreader presents a story holding a ream of paper he mistook for an ipad
Newsreader presents story while holding a ream of paper he mistook for an ipad
Google is starting a new company to monetize life extension and disrupt the death space
Area man brews own beer in gut
Taliban Takes To Twitter
Tulsa man found decapitated, police suspect suicide
Beaver anal secretion (castoreum) is used a substitute for vanilla in foods. (and strawberry and raspberry)
Man orders every sandwich on McDonald's menu to create $140 'McEverything'
Doctors report man with "auto brewery syndrome" is constantly making alcohol in his gut
Woman Stabs Roommate Who Wouldn't Stop Listening To The Eagles
Armless Body Builder Inspires Fitness World
Swedish court rules that public masturbation is not a crime
"Right Behind Gay Footballers" - Everton Football Club's new campaign campaign to kick homophobia out of football.
Soldiers are developing relationships with their battlefield robots, naming them, assigning genders, and even holding funerals when they are destroyed.
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz says weapons no longer welcome in coffee shops
Rowdy Scottish holidaymakers force Ryanair flight to make emergency landing near Paris - but they were so drunk they thought they'd arrived in Ibiza
Woman bites dog (google translate from Swedish)
Swedish Police Searching for Bicycle Fucker Caught on Video.
Snoop Lion shows off huge bag of marijuana after winning bet from Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s fight
Nigerian Research Student Chibuihem Amalaha Claims Magnets Prove That Gay Marriage Is Wrong, Hopes for Nobel Prize
The Engineer Who Bought Over 12,100 Cups Of Pudding to Earn 1.25 Million Air Miles
Accident leaves circus performers dangling from Mahwah highway
Lindsey Graham Implies Failure to Strike Syria May Result in U.S. Getting Nuked
Berlusconi's 'crazy idea': Running for the EU elections in Estonia
Former cop fills wife's hot tub with manure after being served with divorce papers
Crack Addicts Make Surprisingly Rational Decisions, Fascinating Study Reveals
Feds Spend $2.2 Million To Study Why Lesbians Are Obese
Formerly Gay YouTube Star Antoine Dodson Having Baby With Girlfriend
Extra, Extra: Cosmo Writer Masturbates On Subway For Journalism : Gothamist
Gamer stabbed, robbed of 'Grand Theft Auto V' just minutes after buying game
Mom Says Son Couldn't Have Shot Girls Because 'He's Gay'
Cleveland Browns trade Trent Richardson to Indianapolis Colts
South Carolina woman stabs roommate for playing Eagles songs
Smith student wants to start a sorority for straight women.
Kids Buy GTA V, Help Save Man From Burning House
Al Gore sued by 30,000 scientists for global warming fraud
Matt Harvey interview turns into bizarre Qualcomm sales pitch
Two of Prince William's RAF Guard Dogs Put Down Days After He Quits Military
It's possible to carry guns if you"re blind in Iowa.
Empathy for military robots could affect outcomes on the battlefield
Netflix exec: Canada's broadband caps "almost a human rights violation"
Prime Minister Tony Abbott (the receiving end of the famous Misogyny speech) is Minister for Women
How to use body language to get served first at a bar
3 NYC Men Pretended to Be Cops to Cut Line, Buy "Grand Theft Auto": NYPD
'Evil Elmo' faces jail in Girl Scouts extortion scheme
'Hiccup Girl' On Trial for Murder
Man spends $140 on one of every sandwich from McDonald's to make "McEverything"
Obama's Pick for State Department Security Chief Said to Have Literally Shot Himself in the Foot in 1981
Scientists discover how to use body language to get served first at bars
A Man's Gut Brews Its Own Beer and Gets Him Drunk When He Eats Carbs
Japanese Government releases 90-page study on the history of robot anime
Coca-Cola apologizes to Alberta family for 'YOU RETARD' bottle cap
Tokyo man to lose home to make way for stadium - again
Anti-Semitic homeless NY man who dressed as Elmo admits Girl Scouts extortion scam
Breaking Bad inspires George R.R. Martin to make an even worse villain (x-post /r/Fantasy)
'Grand Theft Auto' fan stabbed, hit with brick, robbed just minutes after buying game
Gamer die-hards posed as cops to get 'GTA V'
Man takes axe to his own $172000 BMW to protest against company refusing to fix it
49ers fan to Seahawks' 12th Man: Pipe down or lose home games
Elmo Impersonator Admits To Plot To Extort Girl Scouts
Ylvis' "The Fox" is a song about what noise a fox makes. It has 36 million views on YouTube.
NSW graffiti laws to also outlaw hopscotch squares - ABC News
Whedon Airlifted in to Save 'Thor 2'
Cat poop parasite controls minds early -- and permanently, study finds
Starbucks to customers: Please don't bring your guns!
The Leeds car park where you pay in conkers
Laser-guided smart bomb crushes small boat
Helicopter to rescue seagull stuck on Va. Beach power line
Brazilian hackers target NASA websites instead of NSA
'Rescue owl' was a garden ornament
Bad pronunciation costs 'Wheel of Fortune' player chance to win $1 million
Around The World, Gun Ownership And Firearms Deaths Go Together [NPR]
Lawyer admits napping at trial, but rates his performance an 8 or a 9
Public masturbation is now legal in Sweden*
Creepy clown disturbs and bemuses residents by standing motionless in the street, but denies intending to scare anyone.
Fridge runner needs scan for back problem
Obama: 'Raising the Debt Ceiling...Does Not Increase Our Debt'
Angry driver admits hurling feces in face of Hoboken parking officer
Music Video Concerning What Sound "The Fox" Makes hits 36 million views on YouTube.
Teens Attack Mom WIth Sword, Planned To Eat Her Liver
Brazilian hackers confuse NASA with NSA in revenge attack
Clown terrorizes town: Boris the Clown Catcher looks to snag creepy clown
Brazilian Revenge Hackers Confuse NASA With NSA
Angered By The NSA, But Confused By Acronyms, Brazilian Hacker Defaces NASA Websites
Mother Claims Son Is Innocent Because "Gay People Don't Shoot Kids"
Texas player, 12, dies after ant bites
LockedUSB adapter acts as "firewall", may start actual fires
Judge Calls 911 Claiming He's Being 'Unlawfully Restrained' When Asked To Provide ID To Clear Security,
Tennessee baby can keep name Messiah - judge
Berlusconi would not have faced trial if he was gay: Putin
University forced to remove campus wrecking ball sculpture due to Miley Cyrus parodies
Crocodile under bed for 8 hours while man slept in Zimbabwe lodge
New York man who dressed as Elmo admits Girl Scouts extortion plot
New Brunswick couple shocked to find horse standing on roof
Florida man, 54, accused of exorcism on 80-year-old girlfriend
GoT actor Richard Madden blasted by former Home Secretary for creeper picture taken of him in tube "taking too much space"
GoT actor Richard Madden receives castration threats for "taking too much space" in the tube
Prince Harry Prepares For Antarctic Challenge By Spending Night In Freezer
US House Energy and Commerce Committee use animated gifs in official press release
Attorney Sues Scientists Because Their Paper Made It Harder To Win Suits
British drivers can pay for parking with chestnuts
Two sleepy raccoons shut down a street
Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz Commit Accidental Misdemeanor, Party at Stranger's House [x-post from /r/AliciaKeys]
Coca-Cola cancels promotion that paired randomly generated French and English words on bottlecap after woman finds one that reads "You Retard"
Black student forced to participate in slavery reenactment
Confused senator attempts to publish column in Communist newspaper from distant past
Ohio State University Students Had No Idea There Was a Squatter Living in Their House for Over a Month
Magnets Fail to Relieve Arthritis Pain
California College Tells Student He Can't Hand Out Copies Of The Constitution On Constitution Day
A 'fancy' serial number can make a $1 bill worth thousands
Who's To Blame For Venezuela's Violent Crime? Maduro Says Spiderman
Coke cancels Canadian campaign after bottle caps appear with offensive phrases
Conkers used to pay for parking in Leeds and Manchester
France Moves To Say 'Mais Non' To Honey Boo Boos
Apple's Jony Ive discusses iOS 7 in rare interview, but says he'd 'like to design cups'
Bernanke Confuses Wall Street by Sticking Exactly to His Plan
Dennis Rodman bursts into flames in bizarre pistachio commercial with Kim Jong Un lookalike
North Carolina to Require Father's Permission For Birth Control
Government contractor who ran Edward Snowden's background check also ran one for Navy Yard shooter.
Boatswain's Mate Shocked To Discover 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Isn't A Painting Manual
Man Builds $141.33 'McEverything' Dream Sandwich
World's loneliest schoolboy Bacho attends classes by himself in remote Georgian village
Beer belly: Man becomes drunk when stomach turns into brewery
Man shot in Russia in argument over 18th century philosopher
College student prohibited by police from handing out copies of the constitution on constitution day
Wedding delayed after man cuts off testicles, storms into church
A Confused Brazilian Hacker May Have Targeted NASA Websites to Protest NSA Surveillance
Scalia Forms Search Committee for New Pope
Gordon fire hall destroyed by fire
God Drenches Colorado With Floodwater, Weed Smokers To Blame
Vietnam vendors make strong case for tourists not to return
'Bored' horse climbs on top of New Brunswick family's roof
Coolest Pope Ever Urges Catholics to Chill Out About Abortion and Gays
Pentagon proposes plan to equip and train 'moderate' Syrian rebels
'Man who couldn't catch Aids' takes his own life, say family
Public Masturbation Declared Legal in Sweden After Landmark Trial
Multi-millionaire: Local police are discriminating against Ferrari owners
Alan Moore: I am not the Northampton Clown but it might be my fault
Coca-Cola apologizes for offensive bottle cap message.
Giant lizard named for rock legend tells tale of climate change
Obama takes 'Big Lebowski' stance on Syria
Tunisian girls return home pregnant after 'sexual jihad' in Syria
Pope Francis to Catholics: Stop being so obsessed with gay marriage and abortion
Tooth decay hits quarter of five-year-olds, survey suggests
Nigerian politicians brawl in parliament over PDP split
Grumpy Cat, new spoke feline for Friskies, now has to deal with all other frisky cats at trade shows - Decides to be more grumpy.
Selena Gomez Didn't Get Into Russia Because They're Afraid She Likes Gays
President Busted Parking Illegally
Starbucks wi-fi more secure than Pentagon network, US defence official says.
New Zealand Police investigating serious crash involving motorised bar stool
Employment law: Brazilian woman wins right to masturbate at work
Ana Catarian Bezerra, Brazilian Woman, Legally Entitled To Masturbate At Work
90's star's first time at an internet auction; tries to buy a house, ends up with 12!
'Only 100 yards' has Adrian Peterson 'soul searching'
You Probably Didn't Hear that Venezuela Was Again Ranked the Happiest Country in South America
Online threats to Game of Thrones star Richard Madden for taking up too much room on the Tube
Public Masturbation Legal In Sweden? Self-Pleasure On The Beach Is 'OK,' Lawyer Says
Public masturbation 'okay', Swedish judge rules
850 snakes found at New York animal control officer's house
Essex wedding stopped as man cuts off own testicles and wanders into church
4-year-old weeps because he hates iOS 7
Man kills wife over ketchup and step-daughter's poor birthday wish
GTA V Launch Gimmick Goes Sideways When Heavily Armed Cops Show Up
Rand Paul: 'We are winning' like Charlie Sheen
Ballmer calls Google a 'monopoly' that authorities should control
Jail for mother over son's 'I am a bomb' 9/11 top
Pittsburgh Steelers won't let rookies play pingpong due to 0-2 start
Pittsburgh Steelers ban rookies from playing ping pong due to losing record
$8,000 In Bras Stolen From Victoria's Secret In Willow Grove
Parents fined for sending boy named Jihad to preschool in 'I am a bomb' T-shirt
Man Cuts Off Testicles, Delays Wedding
Berlin wins gold for irony at the Hipster Olympics
Pitt Student attempts to rob convenience store in Spider-Man suit. Gets caught an hour later, still in suit, down the street.
Canada: National Defense Department spends about $200,000 a year on weight-loss surgeries for morbidly obese troops
Former Amazon exec is killed by Amazon delivery driver.
Thousands Welcome Giant Rubber Duck to Taiwan
Naked burglary suspect gets stuck in vet clinic air vent
Two Proud Gun Nuts Second-Amendment Each Other To Death In Road Rage Incident
Man brewed beer in his gut, say researchers
North Carolina School Board bans Invisible Man from its reading list.
Ex-NFL star Brian Holloway may be sued by parents of teens who allegedly trashed his upstate NY home
Internet Explorer 11 on Windows 7 Is 30% Faster than Any Other Browser
Tim Tebow signs contract with Russian football team
Terry Antone Jenkins Assaults Girlfriend During Three-Way With Her Cousin
Special needs man robbed of his GTA V video game
Contractor that vetted Snowden says it also ran background check for Navy Yard shooter
Vanilla Ice heading into Amish Country
San Marcos woman gets life in prison after 6th DWI
Man brews beer in stomach and is perpetually drunk
HOUSE REPUBLICANS LINE UP FOR FREE ANNUAL PHYSICALS BEFORE DEFUNDING OBAMACARE
In an Underground Railroad reenactment field trip in Connecticut, 7th graders pretend to pick cotton and get called the "N-word". Told not to make eye contact with "White Masters".
Wife allegedly killed for closing ketchup bottle too tightly
Justice Scalia Forms Search Committee for New Pope : The New Yorker
Rogue superhero scared off by stun gun during attempted robbery in Oakland
iOS 7: Boy's tears over Apple's new software
Pentagon agency's Twitter account deleted for 'poor taste'
Coca-Cola apologises after customer finds 'YOU RETARD' printed inside bottle cap
Script of WikiLeaks Movie Allegedly Leaked by... WikiLeaks
Homophobic Federal Judge's Gay Porn Past Exposed!
Man killed wife because ketchup bottle lid was too tight
Family with developmentally delayed daughter accepts Coke's apology for bottle cap printed "You Retard".
iPhone5S fingerprint reader: 10 reasons it's a bad idea
Obese 2-year-old has weight-loss surgery
US to test nukes on same day UN holds nuke disarmament meeting
Mobile Home Manor residents make way for planned Whole Foods
Homeless iPhone fight in Pasadena: 'It was crazy,' witness says
Tunisian women wage 'sex jihad' by having sex with Syrian rebels
Homeless people turned into walking Wi-Fi hotspots in 'charitable experiment'
Fight Breaks Out in Line Full of Homeless Waiting for New iPhone
Coke cancels Canadian campaign after accidentally calling someone a retard.
Senate conservatives urge filibuster of bill defunding ObamaCare
Parents Of Teens Who Trashed Ex-NFL Player's House Threatening To Sue Him
Michele Bachmann Introduces Legislation To Require Gays To 'Dress More Straight'
Connecticut 7th grade students pretend to pick Cotton and be sold, not allowed to make eye contact with "White masters".
Carpet designer threatens cosplayers with legal action
Anthony Weiner: 'I'm not an idiot'
The elderly in South Africa are discarding pills for boxes of condoms in the belief that the lubricant oil on the latex helps alleviate arthritis-related pain
Wife slain after putting ketchup lid on too tightly, prosecutor says
Idaho ammunition manufacturer begins making bullets made with pork to deter Islamic extremists, and send them straight to hell, if need be.
Health department raids community picnic and destroys all food with bleach
Obese 2-year-old has weight-loss surgery: How young is too young?
US nearly detonated atomic bomb over North Carolina - secret document
SA elderly discard pills for condoms
Creationist: Bill Nye the Science Guy "Doesn't Understand Science"
Canadian University distributed condoms with safe sex message stapled to them. The staples punctured the condoms rendering them unsafe.
Partially deaf British bird watcher crushed to death by elephant that he didn't hear coming.
UNB, STU students told to throw out free condoms - Packages given away at university welcoming event were punctured from stapled safe sex messages
Texas man's 'beer gut' turns food into alcohol due to rare auto-brewery syndrome
Canadian university distributed condoms with safe sex messages stapled to them. The staples punctured the condoms, rendering them unsafe.
Family of shot girl thought she was on period
'Sexual jihad': Tunisian women go to Syria to 'relieve' holy warriors, return pregnant
Former Slavery Strongholds Harbor Majority Of Nation's Racists, Study Shows
Drink Up, Because Booze Won't Make You Depressed
Stolen cookie leads to police chase, wrecked car
UNB, STU students told to throw out free condoms: Packages given away at university welcoming event were punctured
Woman fined for sending 3-year-old son 'Jihad' to school in 9/11 T-shirt
Woman Pretending To Be Teen Boy Charged With Sex Crimes
Uniformed deputy sells marijuana to FBI agents
How to avoid baggage fees: Wear your luggage
Avast! 'Pirate' sighting caused temporary school lockout in Douglas County on 'Talk Like A Pirate Day'
Russian scientists developed a pill to prolong and enhance drunkenness.
Steven Fillingim Whips Girl To Beat Of 'Blurred Lines': Cops
Girl's bleeding from shooting mistaken for period
Police: Man urinating on teen leads to gun scare at movie theater
Rare infection causes Texas man to brew beer in own stomach | Fox News
Girl who was shot thought she was on her period
Student found after being lost for three days in Wheatley Hall
Woman Charged with Stabbing Roommate Who Won't Stop Listening to The Eagles
'Hiccup Girl' To Serve Life In Prison For First Degree Murder
Ryanair unveils new strategy: 'be nice to customers'
Applebee's Calls Police on Family With Noisy Kids
Three teenagers charged after man was stabbed and robbed of Grand Theft Auto V.
Grand Theft Auto V robbery: Three teenagers charged
Nude Miley Cyrus impersonators force US university to remove sculpture
Woman finds hurtful message inside Vitamin Water bottle cap
Venezuela seizes toilet paper factory to avoid shortage
Apple iPhone: Fights As Homeless Hired To Queue
Lock Your New iPhone with Nipples (Apparently!)
Study: Man had gut fermentation syndrome, making him drunk
Moviegoers panic after woman yells 'gun' in Bridgeport Village theater
Rare infection causes Texas man to brew beer in his own stomach
San Francisco Man, Sues BMW, Claiming Ride Gave Him Two-Year Erection
Cards against humanity creator is boycotting PAX because he's against rape jokes
McCain Dares Putin to Tear Down Berlin Wall
U of Alabama ends 'whites only' sororities
The Correct US Poverty Rate Is Around And About Zero
Venezuela Up The Creek As Government Takes Over Toilet Paper Factory
Venezuela orders temporary takeover of toilet paper factory
Man faces felony charge after shooting pot-craving deer
Youth more likely to be bullied at schools with anti-bullying programs, UT Arlington researcher finds
"Hiccup Girl" found guilty of 1st degree murder.
George Clooney's satellite spies reveal secrets of Sudan's bloody army
Detroit school ices girl's broken arm with ice cream sandwiches
Man evicted for 1964 Tokyo Olympics faces same fate in 2020
Detroit Lions' Louis Delmas fined $5,000 for wearing the wrong color socks
iOS 7 Causes 4-Year-Old Boy To Cry Uncontrollably
Girls bleeding from shooting mistaken for period
Egyptian arrested for naming donkey after general
Looking for Bigfoot? Map shows where to search
For serial-number hunters, $100 isn't just $100
IBM Researcher Feeds Watson Supercomputer The 'Urban Dictionary'; Very Quickly Regrets It
Shooting Victim's Bleeding Mistaken For Menstruation
North Dakota town takes on white supremacist - CNN.com
Two teens attack mom intending to eat her liver
Raw Sewage is Flowing in Oakland Again
New York man tires of sharpening pencils for $35 a pop
Miley Cyrus Performs with Midgets, Defends Stage Antics: 'It's What My Heart is Telling Me To Do'
'Vanilla Ice goes amish' is an actual TV show that's happening
10-Yr-Old's Stray Bullet Wound Mistaken For Period Blood
GOP Rep. Quotes Bible On Food Stamps: 'If Anyone Is Not Willing To Work, Let Him Not Eat'
Brazilian Reporter Gives Justin Timberlake a Replica of Her Own Ass
Claims that 'video games lead to violence' lead to violence (X-post from r/humor)
Claims that 'video games lead to violence' lead to violence
Tunisian Girls Are Coming Home Pregnant After Performing 'Sexual Jihad' In Syria
Community plans to counter supremacist on mission to create 'white only' town
Ohio State University Gets Armored Military Vehicle, Repeatedly Dodges Questions About It
Poop and Rain Flood Delays Oakland Baseball Game
Breaking Bad in North Korea: Shocking despatch from Kim Jong-un's sinister state reveals the country's scientists are mass producing highly addictive 'crystal meth'
North Koreans making meth to get money for Nuclear Program.
GOP Senate challenger: Mass shootings linked to women in workplace
Rapist afraid he may have contracted HIV from victim
New Hampshire Senate Candidate: More Women In The Workplace Led To More Mass Shootings
Rapist worried contracted HIV from rape victim. (x-post wtf)
Putin claims Berlusconi is being persecuted for being heterosexual
Sex Jihad raging in Syria, claims minister
Peter Dinklage and 'Game of Thrones' co-star make their way to 'Sesame Street'
A Minister in Malaysia: "Increase sugar price in order to curb diabetes."
In Germany, Greens Knock Wurst
Developing A Solid Foundation for Writing Killer 5linx Testimonials
How to Generate profits Using The Solution Evaluation Approach in Affiliate Advertising
Wal-Mart opening commemorates 9/11
NRA's LaPierre on Navy Yard shooting: 'There weren't enough good guys with guns'
Republicans Will Win The Government Shutdown PR Battle If They Promise Voters Private Jets
Italian lawmakers hold same-sex 'kiss-in' to protest anti-LGBT discrimination
MPs stage kissing protest for gay rights
British Politician Calls Women Activists Sluts at a 'Women in Politics' Event
Chinese teen arrested for getting more than 500 retweets.
NRA CEO says Navy Yard Shootings occurred becaused: 'Wasn't Enough Good Guys With Guns'
Canadian woman hides drugs in fake pregnant belly
HOLY COW! College bars student from handing out Constitution on Constitution Day » The Right Scoop
Snake dies from silicone poisoning after biting model's breast during photoshoot
Children's pageant held in pub beer garden after row
Leading Pakistani academic says "Cabal" controlled US and UK put microchips in "our brains"
Drew's Pizza In Illinois Offers Free Food If You Show Your Breasts
How halloumi took over the UK
Romney announces that adopted black grandson has Gaelic name meaning 'black'
Got a fat pet? It's just comfort eating: Cats and dogs diagnosed with 'Bridget Jones syndrome'
Do cats really comfort eat just like humans? Fat pets may be indulging as a coping mechanism when they're unhappy, say vets
Mariners-Angels delayed due to SWARM OF BEES - SBNation.com
Sex with 100,000 men - not in Jordan
WikiLeaks Leaks 'Fifth Estate' Screenplay
Local politician requires penis amputation after 'enthusiastic' Viagra overdose
Rep. Nancy Pelosi: Nothing left to cut in budget - 'the cupboard is bare'
Brazilian hackers mistake NASA for the NSA and crack into the space agency's website in revenge attack
Lunenburg Youth Football Player Taken Off Team 'For Being Smart'
NYPD asking people to upgrade to iOS 7
Man Uses Live Chicken To Protest Open Carry Law
Dutch King Willem-Alexander declares the end of the welfare state
"I'm not Tarzan," Pope Francis tells young crowd
Methane's Behavior Hints at Ultradeep Diamonds in Uranus
Eight Ferraris Crash at 'Gathering of Narcissists'
New Christian Trend Sweeping America: Husbands Spanking & Punishing Wives
Stephen King slams 'Twilight' franchise as 'tweenage porn'
Snake on a plane delays flight
British Navy mistook whales for submarines and torpedoed them, killing three, during Falklands War
Former Apple, NASA Engineers Make $11,111 Coffee Maker
Female Athletes Get Breast Reduction to Improve Performance
And Here Comes The NSA-Themed Ransomware
Court: Hitting "Like" on Facebook Protected by First Amendment
Airline unveils bold new strategy - 'be nice to customers'
DragonCon cosplayers who dressed up as Marriott carpet get a cease-and-desist for their fabric offering
Riverdale condo complex will use DNA to track dog droppings
Girl wins modeling shoot because she got enough Facebook likes
Low crime Orthodox Jewish Brooklyn neighborhoods get 100 new security cameras(cost of 1 million dollars paid by tax payers) after publicized murder of hasidic boy
Boro Park, low-crime area where boy was dismembered, gets 100 cameras
Popular bathroom wipes blamed for sewer clogs
Music score may have secret code leading to Nazi gold, filmmaker says
Sarah Palin: Hillary Clinton ill-suited for president
Food fight breaks out at Whataburger after high school football game
Mall attack another blow to Kenya's tourism industry
VP Biden Says that 'The Taliban, Per Se, Is Not Our Enemy'
Snake on Qantas Airlines plane delayed flight
Sen. King to investigate after reports that Portland, Maine, might be a terrorist recruiting ground
Study: Parents Care How Much a Daughter's Boyfriend Makes
Ted Turner: Men Should Be Barred From Political Office For 100 Years
Dennis Kucinich interviews Bashar Assad
Only Known Iraq Billionaire Hires Women After Hussein
Sofia Vergara went to Jimmy Fallon's Emmys after-party , Ate a Cheeseburger and Twerked
Starbucks: no more guns in our stores
Walmart Offers All Of The Hottest Technology From 2006 At Slightly Discounted Prices
How many ways do the rich fuck everyone else. Who knows, but you can add one more.
Kuwaiti religious ruling: TV marriage is real
Gentil Ramirez Has Penis Surgery After Too Much Viagra Leads To Horrifying Injury
The iPhone 5S May Break When Exposed To .50 Caliber Rifle Rounds
State seeks bank willing to handle new pot revenue
Being Privileged Is Not A Choice, So Stop Hating Me For It
Dave Coulier Says Alanis Morissette's "You Oughta Know" May Be About Him
House Republicans receive free annual physicals, declare themselves healthy enough to fight Obamacare.
An "experiment" which involved using homeless people as mobile wi-fi hotspots has attracted criticism, forcing the advertising agency behind it to defend itself.
That's the spirit: Snake preserved in wine for 3 months bites woman
Cornell: Lacrosse Freshman Made To Chug Beer
Colombian pensioner has penis amputated after he allegedly overdoses on Viagra
Fake reviewers snared in NY Attorney General yogurt sting
Man's penis amputated after Viagra overdose
Italian Athlete Attempts to Dodge Doping Test with "Fake Penis"
Gunshot Mistaken For Girl's Period In Northern California Shooting
According to Nielsen, nobody watched Astros-Indians game Sunday
Gennifer Flowers Tells Daily Mail: Bill Clinton Told Me, "Hillary Had Eaten More P*ssy Than He Had"...
Bush: Obama should play golf
Elderly Man Brutally Kills 83-Year-Old Wife For "Screwing The Ketchup Lid On Too Tightly"
Hate Crime Against Sikh Displays Vast Ignorance of Americans
Male Dallas Zoo gorilla to get therapy for sexist attitude
Time's up for siestas, delayed meetings and late nights, Spaniards told in effort to make them work better
Atlas Shrugged producers turn to Kickstarter for help warning others against moochers
Ethics professor groped sleeping woman sitting next to him on flight
What Would Ayn Rand Think? 'Atlas Shrugged' Hits Kickstarter To Get Cash For Final Film In Trilogy.
BBC News - Connecticut court to decide whether horses
Connecticut court to decide whether horses are 'vicious'
Exposed buttocks shock woman
6 Castles That Cost Less Than An Apartment In NYC
Cambridge police: Exposed buttocks shock woman
Waterproof iPhone Advert: 'Owners Fooled'
Why do people want to eat babies? Scientists explain.
China just bought 5% of Ukraine
Vegetarian eats meat, falls pregnant with triplets
Anti-social Dallas Zoo gorilla being shown door
Josh Sugarmann: NRA Annual Meeting: No Guns Allowed
Nevada Sued For 'Greyhound Therapy' For Mentally Ill Patients - Overcrowding at a state psychiatric hospital? Just give patients a sack lunch and a one-way bus ticket out of town.
Rihanna Selfie Results in Arrest
Six Japanese porn dealers arrested after mailing their catalogues to the head of Osaka Police Department by mistake
Gorilla named Patrick evicted from Dallas Zoo and sent to therapy for sexist attitude
Christian School Board Accidentally Bans The Bible
Bono chased by angry anarchists in Germany
You Can't walk around masturbating in public in sweden
You Can't Just Walk Around Masturbating in Public, Swedish People
Why atheists are starting their own global church
Vulgar Miley Cyrus Wears Stickers On Nipples & Sings Into Banana
Most Americans will be able to spend $0 per year in retirement
Obama on hot mike: I quit smoking 'because I'm scared of my wife'
Croc Vs Shark Debate Settled Once And For All In NT Battle
NFL player Jacoby Jones injured after a stripper on a party bus hit him in the head with a bottle of champagne.
Navy Yard Shooter's Schizophrenic Voices Broadcast Nation-Wide
Man claims to have unlocked iPhone 5S using his nipple
Man shot at for not putting onions in omelette
Man who sang "Bohemian Rhapsody" from police car runs for mayor of Edson, Alta.
Sincere apologies to Rachel Garley
Man tortures mouse that ate wages
Suspended student may be expelled for rest of the year for playing with toy gun...in his own yard
Are horses naturally vicious? A Connecticut court says they are
Man shot at by criminal for not putting onions in omelette
Ryanair CEO: 'Morale among my staff has never been higher. Anyone who questions that gets beaten until the morale improves.'
23 Goats worth $10,000 stolen from Hawaii farm, goats kept quiet with duct tape
Study: Holy Water Often Contaminated With Fecal Matter, Bacteria
Baltimore Ravens' WR Jacoby Jones hit in the head with a champagne bottle by a stripper
BBC News - Couples to have sex on live Channel 4
BBC News - Couples to have sex on live Channel 4 s
Zoo gorilla to get therapy for sexist attitude
Chris Brown Calls Out Jay Z And Compares Himself To Trayvon Martin In Jet
Hero wiener dog sacrifices own life to save two men from bear attack
Discussion of Kant's philosophy in Russia ends in gunfire
Kenya shopping mall attack: Four-year-old British boy freed and given Mars bar after telling armed jihadist 'you're a bad man'
AIG CEO Says Bonus Outrage Is "Just as Bad and Just as Wrong" as Jim Crow Lynching
Update to iOS7 and make your phone waterproof
Militants, Kenyan security forces locked in protracted battle at mall and on Twitter
Cosplayer Sent Cease & Desist By Carpet Company For Hotel Carpet Camouflage
Detroit Lions' Nate Burleson breaks arm in car accident on I-696 after being distracted by pizza
Army leaders warned about issues with social scientists
Lions WR Nate Burleson breaks arm due to falling pizza
Salvation Army says "Gays Need to Be Put to Death"
Mars distances itself from deep-fried chocolate bar saying fatty Scottish treat is not in line with its 'healthy living' ethos
Disney World's Message to the Disabled: Wait in Line
Man who stole his 93-year-old father's corpse from Detroit cemetery sentenced to probation
Fake Apple Ad Says iOS 7 Will Make Your iPhone Waterproof And People Fell For It
NSA Complains That It Has To Spend Time Closing Leaks Rather Than Spying On Everyone
Horse_ebooks Is Human After All
Alex Jones Insists the Kenyan Terrorist Attack Was Orchestrated by President Obama
Kentucky woman, 67, believed to have been eaten by her own wolf-dogs
The MTA Is Not At All Amused By Aflac Putting a Duck In a Subway Station
Utah woman pleads guilty in "telepathic rape" case
Men can use private parts to unlock iPhone 5S | Fox News
New low for Astros: 0.0 TV rating
Adrian Peterson's Daughter Can't Believe He Lost to the Browns
That's not autism: It's simply a brainy, introverted boy
Adrian Peterson's Daughter Can't Believe Vikings Lost To Browns
AIG CEO: Criticisms of bonuses 'just as bad' as lynchings
iPhone 5S's Fingerprint Scanner Also Works For Nipples
Putin 'gets chapter in Russian textbook'
Burger King snipes at McDonald's with lower-fat "Satisfries"
'Get a boat!' Venezuela flights booked full for months
Panera Bread CEO tries food stamp challenge, lives on $4.50 a day
Following Romanian magazine exposure Serbian Universities begin clean up
Baltimore Ravens Wide Receiver Jacoby Jones Injured in Bus Brawl With Stripper
Filmmaker believes musical score could lead to Nazi gold
Local(Little Rock, AR) Weathermen Arrested After Fight Breaks Out Over Rain Chances for this Weekend
Jamie Oliver's 'fire-based' restaurant Barbecoa evacuated after blaze
Falling pizza causes Detroit Lions receiver Nate Burleson to break arm in single-car accident
U2 frontman chased down street by German anarchists shouting 'Make Bono history'
There's a good reason why there are now bunnies that glow in the dark
New York Yankees fan keeps 38-year attendance streak going and it costs him job with city
Police: Detroit Lions WR Nate Burleson distracted by falling pizzas in I-696 crash
Family Research Council: 'Nothing more Christian' than food stamp cuts
NBA Considering Putting Nicknames on Backs of Jerseys
CT Supreme Court to Decide if Horses Are Vicious and Dangerous
Andrew WK To Turn Entire City Into Nachos
Miley Cyrus vs. 'Breaking Bad': 'I Could Literally Cook Meth Because of That Show'
4-year-old British boy in Nairobi mall confronts armed terrorist, tells him "You are a bad man." Terrorist begs for forgiveness.
Ahem! iOS 7 cannot save your iPhone from drowning | Crave
49% of the Links Cited in Supreme Court Decisions Are Broken
Cloned cow attacked scientist who created it
10-year-old gunshot victim's wound mistaken for first period
David Blunkett warns of dangers of online pornography
A very hairy situation for the mountain men of Ravenshoe
AIG CEO: Anger over AIG bonuses 'just as bad' as lynchings
Ever wanted to eat a baby? That's totally normal, according to scientists in Germany
Students put on long-term suspension for playing with pellet guns in their own yard
This Venture Capitalist Says Tech Is In A Bubble Because There Are Too Many 'Hot Girls Roaming Bars' Looking For Engineers
Baby DJ School At Brooklyn's Cool Pony Teaches Toddlers How To Make Their Own Beats
Students Suspended For Playing With Pellet Gun in Own Front Yard, One Mother Called Because It Made Her "Uncomfortable" to See a Boy Point a Gun She Knew Wasn't Real
Bite by farm horse kicks off lawsuit before Conn. court on whether horses are innately vicious
Moncton man wants city to stop golfers in Victoria Park
Pastor Says 'Church Sucks,' Mixes Worship With Katy Perry, Maroon 5; Tells Congregation 'Don't Get Your Panties in a Bunch'
Starbucks Declares Guns Unwelcome, but Doesn't Ban Them
Moncton man wants city to stop golfers in Victoria Park - After ball nearly hit his wife, encounter with golfer left man with missing tooth and broken arm
Jack in the Box Now Has a Cheeseburger Topped with a Grilled Cheese Sandwich
Safari park imposes dress code to stop visitors scaring the animals
Men can use private parts to unlock iPhone 5S
Wedding ceremony stalls when owl fails to deliver rings
Sex Box: Couples to have sex in box in front of live audience for Mariella's Frostrup's new Channel 4 show
Auburn Beta Steals Truck, Kidnaps Woman, And Hits 9 Cars, All To See What Playing Grand Theft Auto Was Like
Leopard print clothing banned at zoo as it 'confuses animals'
"Atlas Shrugged" producers launch Kickstarter campaign
Firemen Have a Party and Poop on the Floor in Empty Water Park
Zoo forced to impose 'no animal print' dress code so people stop freaking out the animals
Colorado State Senator: Democrats are using 'mind control' to push gay marriage
"Atlas Shrugged" producers launch Kickstarter campaign to complete trilogy
Gunshot Mistaken for Girl's Period
Parisian cat cafe offers "purr therapy" to animal-lovers
Ukraine: Priests 'bless tablet PC and rifle'
Coca-Cola apologizes for 'You retard' Vitaminwater bottle cap
In the event of a collapse, North Korea could be further divided by the current superpowers, after being separated from the other half in 1945.
100,000 Korean hookers expected in Tokyo for 2020 Olympics
Study: NFL Teams Have No Idea What They're Doing in the Draft
Secret Code: Music Score May Lead to Nazi Gold
Professor Who Shot Upskirt Videos of Students Blames Their Lack of Underwear
Doomsday scenario plan would divide North Korea
Dog is doppelgänger of Russia's president Vladimir Putin
Ted Cruz Reads 'Green Eggs And Ham' On The Senate Floor
Italian Long Distance Runner Accused of Using Fake Penis to Beat Doping Test
Auburn lacrosse player free on bond after arrest for crime spree mimicking Grand Theft Auto
Apple Sells More Phones Over the Weekend Than BlackBerry Did Last Quarter
AIG CEO: Washington's Bonus Outrage 'Just as Bad' as Deep-South Lynching - Derek Thompson - The Atlantic
Florida man shot in head, complains of headache
Harvard Law Should Start Giving Out The 'Ted Cruz Award' To The Most Annoying Student
City In Utah Makes Porn Illegal - 30 Days In Jail For First Offense, including but not limited to magazines, toys, movies and of course the internet
New $100 Bills Worth up to $15,000
Father, 4-year-old son in hospital for heroin overdose
US nudists rebuff Israel critics
Foot cream kills HIV by tricking cells to commit suicide.
Nevada Sued For 'Greyhound Therapy' For Mentally Ill Patients
Illegal porn DVD operation mails catalog to Osaka police, 5 arrested
Toes, animals, nipples and hackers - all can unlock iPhone's TouchID
Thomas turns up at drug raid.
Hundreds protest neo-Nazi plan for 'whites only' town in North Dakota
7.7 magnitude quake in Pakistan just created a new island
Recently mapped neuron to be named 'Zoidberg'
Pakistan earthquake creates new island, 'mud volcano' to blame
Bahrain: Man jailed for death by insults
Thomas the Tank Engine rescued from drug lab
Runner 'used FAKE PENIS' to beat dope test - and it's called a WHIZZINATOR
Ted Cruz reads 'Green Eggs and Ham' during Obamacare 'filibuster'
Chessington bans 'baffling' animal print clothing
Miley Cyrus says she 'really grew up' in Detroit
Kent Lambert, Colorado Senator: Democrats Use 'Mind Control' To Push Same-Sex Marriage
The producers of the 'Atlas Shrugged Part III' are asking for a hand-out.
Not making it up: Miley Cyrus raps in new video
A bear walks into a bar...
Miley Cyrus Mentors Justin Bieber: People Don't Take Him Seriously
I'm 124 Sandwiches Away From An Engagement Ring
Dallas Zoo gorilla to get therapy for sexist attitude
Die Toten Hosen call Angela Merkel's karaoke performance a 'car crash'
Die Toten Hosen call Angela Merkel's karaoke performance a 'car crash'; German punk band's singer says election night rendition of their hit Tage Wie Diese was 'still the best thing the CDU have done'
Ohio man pleads guilty to sex with a pool float - again
Argument Over The Value Of Gold Leads To Arrest Of Man Who Assaulted Girlfriend
NATE BURLESON BREAKS HIS ARM TRYING SAVE A RUNAWAY PIZZA BOX
The 99% owe the 1% for being rich snobs
Ayn Rand producers beg for help from others on Kickstarter.
Apple Maps flaw results in drivers crossing airport runway
Jesus was the world's first tweeter: Vatican
Samsung counters iPhone 5S with a golden Galaxy S4
Eddie Izzard declares he will stand for London mayor in 2020
Ted Cruz reads Dr. Seuss and Ayn Rand to stall Senate
Price of onions nearly costs Indian omelette vendor his life
Career Woman Must Make 300 Sandwiches to Earn Marriage
Iran's new president: Yes, the Holocaust happened
NSA chief pleads for public's help amid push for spying restrictions
Security Fail! Inmates Escape After Guards Leave Keys in Van
'Naked and scared': Haunted house welcomes nude thrill-seekers
Horn man blew his own trumpet before indecent act
x-post from /r/books..'' 'A ring once owned by the 19th century novelist Jane Austen is to remain in Britain after a museum successfully raised funds to buy it from American singer Kelly Clarkson.'
California College refuses to let student hand out the constitution on...constitution day
Italian athlete caught with fake penis in dope test
German chancellor Angela Merkel 'saw Bayern Munich's Bastian Schweinsteiger naked'
Woman 'convinced husband to shoot neighbour who had been raping her telepathically'.
Feeling unsafe? Gun-rights group offers Orlando residents free shotguns
Apple Maps flaw causes runway alerts
Susan Boyle to make her film debut in a Rick Santorum joint
British zoo bans 'confusing' animal print clothing
A Nose Grows on One Man's Forehead
PETA offers to rebuild, brand Jesus statue: Next offer, NRA?
Alcohol at U.N. luncheon to blame for missed Rouhani-Obama meeting?
Woman is only 124 sandwiches away from getting her boyfriend to finally propose to her
Real Housewife of New Jersey condones marital rape in new book
BBC News - Bondage fear at Trumpington Vill
Bondage fear at Trumpington Village Hall sparks event cancellation
Bull shot after dodging rush hour traffic
Men & Women who wear Glasses needed for Focus Group
Asheville, NC: Pagan Mecca and Satanist Hot-spot.
iPhone map app directs Fairbanks drivers onto airport taxiway
Animal print banned at Chessington World of Adventures Resort - it confuses the animals
Study explains why women feel urge to eat babies
Zoo bans leopard print clothing because it confuses the animals.
Tough Guy Lit Prof: "I'm Not Interested in Teaching Books by Women"
Gun Group Plans Shotgun Giveaway in Central Fla.
London Assembly Member accidentally uploads pictures of his penis to Facebook.
Samuel L Jackson launches foul-mouthed tirade at President Barack Obama: 'Be a leader, stop trying to relate'
iPhone and iPad users report severe motion sickness while using iOS 7
Goats in Detroit? Councilman explores new way to address unruly lawns
Chinese man has new nose grown on his FOREHEAD to replace the original which was damaged in a car crash
Illinois Student Sues Drew's Pizza for Failing to Offer Freebies after Exposing His Man Breasts
Why strippers love the U.N. meeting
Powerball jackpot winner Willie Seeley wants his old life back
Woman enters half-marathon, ends up winning full marathon by mistake
Doctors Grow Nose on Man's Forehead
Man's 'Forehead Nose' a Common Reconstruction Technique
Apple Maps sends errant drivers onto airport runway
Users destroy iPhones after fake waterproof advert
Young Conservatives of Texas Throw "Affirmative Action Bake Sale" At University of Texas
Italy implements 'Don't kill your girlfriend' classes in schools
AIG CEO: Anger Over Bonuses 'Just As Bad' As Lynchings In Deep South
Group offers free shotguns to fight crime in Florida suburb
GreenPeace to be charged with piracy
Media Falsely Reports Gorilla for Being Sexist
Jay Beagle still uses a flip phone
Playing Hooky: Billionaire Larry Ellison Skips Oracle Conference For America's Cup Sailing
Nigerian Student Uses Magnets to Prove Homosexuality is Improper
Fifty Shades of Grey Wine Launched
10 things the U.S. does better than anywhere else
Giant duck conquers Taiwan
Pres. George H.W. Bush -- Wedding Gift For Same-Sex Couple ... Now You Don't Have To Eat Out
Doctor's Grow Nose On Man's Forehead
Teen dies after accidentally hanging himself in Halloween prank
Utah woman who said neighbor 'telepathically raped' her pleads guilty to weapon possession, attempted criminal act
Politician proposes a new charter that would require all Quebecers wear the same pants
Russian Strippers Back Putin's Syria Stance With Risqué Calendar
Zoo bans visitors' animal print outfits that 'scare and confuse the animals'
Meloney Selleneit Guilty Of Getting Husband To Shoot Neighbor For 'Telepathically Raping' Her [x-post from r/justiceporn]
Man Buries His $500K Bentley to Use In Afterlife
Parents Who Backed Over Own Children Plan Federal Lawsuit
ATF 'lost 420m cigarettes' in churning investigations
Jason Segel to Steal a Whole Lot of Maple Syrup
Wedding Delayed After Man Hacks Off Own Testicles and Storms Church
Quebec maple syrup heist set for Hollywood film
The Most Ridiculous Moments In Ted Cruz's Phony Filibuster (VIDEO)
Cruz critics call 'Green Eggs' reading rotten
'Testicle-eating' Amazonian fish found in New Jersey lake
Chinese man grows new nose on forehead
Florida Attorney General Rescheduled Execution To Attend Political Fundraiser
Asda and Tesco withdraw 'psycho' patient outfits
Local man called 'neighbor from hell' on national show
"Bro Hug" leads to accidental stabbing at Lincoln College
Miley Cyrus acts as 'mentor' to Justin Bieber and advises him not to 'become a joke'
Chinese doctors grow replacement nose on patient's forehead
Politician proposes a new charter that would require all Quebecers to wear the same pants
Presidential hopeful Cory Booker flirts with stripper on Twitter to convince us he's heterosexual
O.J. Simpson is caught stealing COOKIES from prison cafeteria
Mom arrested, Let kids play outside.
Bill Gates admits Control-Alt-Delete was a mistake
Wife convinced husband to kill man who 'telepathically' raped her
Sweden Allows Public Masturbation
Serial Dog-Hoarder Eaten By Starving Wolf-Dogs, Faced Animal Cruelty Charges In Past
Taranaki Kindergarten issues 'gun licences'
Squirrel hunter accidentally shot to death when another hunter mistook him for a squirrel
Republicans Will Raise The Debt Ceiling For One Year Only If Obama Becomes A Republican
Former London deputy mayor uploads dick pics to Facebook
Woman makes 300 sandwiches to get engagement ring from boyfriend
iPhone, iPad owners complain of motion sickness due to iOS 7
Barilla Pasta CEO - "Gays can eat another brand of pasta..."
Gates calls Ctrl+Alt+Del command a mistake
RoboCop statue to guard Detroit after successful Kickstarter campaign.
Sex shop forced to close due to lack of 'kinky' locals
Antioxidants: Good for You, Good for Your Smartphone
Apple's iOS 7 Is Making People Motion Sick
RGIII asks Bryce Harper for sliding help
Bear obeys bartender, leaves Alaska bar
Man cuts off testicles, delaying British wedding
Mexican man attempts to float across the border on 50-pound bag of marijuana
OJ Steals Cookies from Prison Cafeteria
'Human statue' sorry for punching street heckler
Bill Gates admits CTRL-ALT-DEL was mistake, as was dropping out of Harvard
Apple Maps glitch directs 2 drivers on to runway at Alaska airport
Comedian Arrested After Punching Journalist Josh Rogin at D.C.'s Funniest Celebrity Competition
Raisin Bran Crunch was Saddam Hussein's Favorite Cereal
Tunisian Interior Minister: Women fleeing Tunisia to wage 'sex jihad' in Syria
Women fleeing Tunisia to wage 'sex jihad' in Syria
Intern Reproduces 86,000 Square Miles Of British Geography In Minecraft
Man forced to write 'I will not argue with police' 50 times: 'I felt like Bart Simpson'
Steph Curry signs an endorsement deal to wear a lemonade flavored mouth guard
O.J. Simpson gets busted in prison for trying to sneak oatmeal cookies back to his cell
The chief creative officer of EA has launched a personal attack against Shigeru Miyamoto, as he claims games are too complicated and time consuming.
Spaniards are less productive, constantly tired because Spain is in the wrong time zone
Zombie Apocalypse Drug Reaches US: This is Not a Joke NSFW
Canadian half-marathoner misses turn, runs full marathon, wins race anyway
One-month prison sentence ends for Montana rapist
Chiefs Player Overcomes Fear Of Horses By Playing With Horse Puppets
Utah beauty queen takes plea deal in bomb case
Don't drink brown tap water: city
Wife convinced husband to shoot neighbour who had been raping her telepathically
Chinese man has new nose grown on forehead
Woman Convinces Husband to Shoot Neighbor Who Telepathically Raped Her
Small Animals Explain Obamacare
White House Wants You to Take Healthcare Advice From Rodents
World's worst airline: North Korean carrier hopes to expand
Oklahoma Prisoner Dialed 911 to Report Escape
Are mass murderers using Twitter as a tool?
Justin Bieber fans in Brazil line up 50 days before concert
Community college student mentions bomb on social media, gets arrested
Just how dangerous is daydreaming while driving?
Coach Suspends Whole Team For 'Lack Of Character'
Man tries to float from Mexico to U.S. on duffel bag filled with pot (x-post from /r/Drugs)
Woman goes to police for help. They shoot her dog.
Walking to school 'could help reduce need for ADHD drugs'
KCNA Commentary Blasts S. Korean Authorities for Painting Themselves as Humanitarians
OJ Simpson caught hoarding cookies in prison
Oklahoma prisoner dialed 911 to report escape : offbeat
'Saturday Night Live' Launches YouTube Channel, But Blocks U.S. Fans
"Skunkgate": Police station-turned-dead skunk depot stinks up NY neighborhood
Satirical article about 'The Killers Manila Concert Protested By Religious Groups' fools Filipino netizens
Half-marathoner wins marathon by mistake
Father of Brooklyn teen who died on class field trip gets call asking why son has been absent
Skinheads United: All Over L.A., Nonracist, Primarily Latino Skinheads Obsess on Classic Reggae and Soul
AUGUSTA, Maine: UFO in Augusta turns out to be restaurant light
Watch out for the serial Arm Rubber. He's on the prowl
A CRAFTY con man has been arrested after he allegedly duped dozens of commuters into forking out cash to use a free car park at a suburban train station.
Two MSRDC officials visit Eway mishap spots, meet with accident
Jilted blogger takes public revenge on guy who dumped her after two dates by forwarding text messages he'd sent her using company phone to his boss
Man pretends to be police officer in front of police officer
Record low number of radioactive sheep
Patent trolls have a new enemy: Martha Stewart
Why Vladimir Putin May Soon Be Drowning In Dildos
VCE authorities apologise for phantom robot
Nunavut poised for marijuana shortage after pot-by-mail ring busted
Irish schoolchildren to learn about atheism
Apple thieves strike single mom with sick son
'Real Housewife' Melissa Gorga's New Book Advocates Marital Rape
Thieves target walnut farms as nut prices triple
WNBA players get double personal fouls after post-scuffle kiss
Little Miss Hispanic Delaware Stripped Of Her Crown After Complaints That She Isn't Latina Enough
Woman flips the bird in couple's proposal photos
'Sleepless In Austin' Man Will Pay Good Money For A Thin, White Girlfriend
Poll: GOP Voters Unsure If Twitter Lets Obama Post More Than 140 Characters
Woman killed when car breaks down, struck by hearse.
Township concrete posts allegedly shaped like penises are the talk of the town
This Woman Must Make 300 Sandwiches For Her Boyfriend To Get An Engagement Ring
Apple iOS 7 is sickening users, doctor confirms
Florida man steals ambulance with patient still inside
Half-naked man who destroyed yachts ran from 'female ninja'
Colorado Secessionists Push for Independence After Flood
KKK granted permit to rally at Gettysburg Civil War site
Woman makes sandwiches for boyfriend; liberals make poopy in pants
Man accused of threatening neighbor while genital-hoisting
Unfair! Poll finds most GOP voters aren't sure if Twitter gives Obama more than 140 characters
Al Qaeda Opens First Official Twitter Account
Apple iOS 7 causing motion sickness for many
Disclosure Gig Disrupted As Man Loses Testicles In Skinny Jeans Accident
Forever 21 Wants to Sell Hip-Hop T-Shirts to White Kids
Iran President Hassan Rouhani Live-Tweeted His Historic Call With Obama
7th-graders suspended for playing with airsoft gun in their yard.
Breaking news: Man has a Klout score of 68
Publishers think teenagers don't want to read about sex, says young adult author Darren Shan
Zach Galifianakis Says Everything You Want to Say to Justin Bieber Right to His Face
Jacksonville Jaguars offer fans free beer to buy tickets
Cheap Heroin Alternative Krokodil Eats Users' Flesh From The Inside Out
Barilla: 'Gays can eat someone else's pasta'
Carla Bruni Forgets Her Lyrics... At Alzheimer's Charity Concert
Ted Cruz's anti-'Obamacare' poster child likes the health care law
WATCH: Sen. Cruz Reads Dr. Seuss During Obamacare Filibuster
Police believe teen stashed drugs inside sex toy
Classic Steve Jobs keynote used to invalidate Apple's own patent
Half Of GOP Voters Think Twitter 'Maybe' Gives Obama Extra Characters
Jaguars Using Ball Boys as Scout Team Receivers
Marvel Trademarks The Letter U
Indian High Commission to use typewriters for sensitive information
Victoria man breaks into bait car - with bait car sticker on window (with video)
Driving with kids more dangerous than driving and texting
Obama in Plot to Force Americans to Live Longer
Burger King 'Satisfries,' New Lower-Calorie French Fries, Leave Us Decently 'Satisfried'
Driving affects ovary and pelvis, Saudi sheikh warns women
Police called to break up fight between superheroes at Stadium SkyTrain station
Father: Boy was acting out zombie-slaying game Minecraft
Kansas Group Tries To Remove Evolution From Schools By Claiming Science Is A Religion
Micky the baboon grabs reporter Sabrina Rodriguez breast live on air and won't let go
Runaway escalator breaks up football brawl
Loyalist Willie Frazer arrives at court dressed as Abu Hamza
KKK wins lawsuit against bakery for discrimination
Has Cam Newton been getting away with an NFL uniform violation his entire career?
Model 'punches' Femen protesters who storm catwalk during Paris fashion week (nsfw)
Husband, wife share story of coming out together, 20 years into their marriage
Zebra is the new leopard
Catholic cardinal calls Jesus 'world's first tweeter'
Mandatory Virginity Test Proposal For Female Students in Indonesia
Late-term abortionist invites mother to hold her aborted baby and take home its footprints and a memory box
The NSA is filling a "completely new" job: Privacy officer
KKK group given permit to hold event at Gettysburg battlefield
College accused of 'buying' team with scholarships. More news at 11.
Good deed gets Naples teen fired from Goodwill, arrested
At nude beach, man's pink flamingos stand out
Inspectors from obscure agency ready to destroy Syrian chemical weapons
Scientists 'bind light together' to create new state of matter resembling lightsabers
David de Gea 'trained poorly' and 'ate too many tacos', says Manchester United coach | Football
18% of Brits believe in possession by the devil
8,000 Nigerian women hold march in push for leaders' help to get husbands
Little Miss Hispanic Delaware stripped of title, because she's not Latina enough
Pakistani Accused of Raping 30 Sheeps
POLL: More oppose 'Obamacare' than 'Affordable Care Act'
"Sexist" Gorilla Removed From Dallas Zoo, Baboon "Cops a Feel" on a Reporter Live on Air
Straight Man Gets Emotional Over Gay Brother's Struggles After Wedding
Dexter Season 8 Re-Write
Star Wars fan forced to sell 16ft AT-ST replica because girlfriend doesn't like it
Hotel linked to Stephen King to dig up pet cemetery
Sex Game Leads to Five Teen Pregnancies
Mexican State's Anti-Corruption Plan: Hire Female Traffic Cops
Harvard, MIT Scientists Create Real Lightsaber
Minecraft blamed for boy who brought gun and other weapons to school (x-post from r/games)
WNBA Players Called for Fouls After Kissing
Minecraft blamed for boy who brought weapons to school
New York Times got Mario and Luigi's jobs wrong
Larry the Downing Street cat not unloved, says No 10
O.J. Simpson Caught Stealing Cookies From Prison Chow Hall, Says Report
The dawn of the 'start-up douchebag': San Francisco locals disturbed as Google, Facebook, Apple and eBay professionals move in
3-Year-Old Girl Found With 14 Bags of Pot at Daycare
7-Year-Old Beauty Queen Stripped Of Title For Not Being Latina Enough
Top Saudi cleric says women who drive risk damaging their ovaries
Man's penis amputated after he abuses erection drug
Six-year-old becomes first transgender child in Argentina to change identity
Christian groups sue to stop Kansas schools from adopting science standards
Marissa Mayer explains come-hither pose in THAT Vogue shoot after facing criticism it wasn't 'feminist'
Prisoners discover the healing power of dance
Americans View Environmentalists and Feminists as 'Tree Huggers' and 'Man-Hating, Toronto Study : News : University Herald
Study: Everyone hates feminists and environmentalists
No. 2 nuke commander suspended amid casino probe
Researchers establish link between racism and stupidity
British parents advocate for a blind-cords ban.
Western cheerleader issued $140 ticket for on-street performance
Saudi cleric says driving risks damaging ovaries.
Winner of Little Miss Hispanic Delaware contest stripped of title over racial concerns.
Should the rules of war be included in computer games?
Man beats a young girl for 40 minutes straight while playing "Blurred Lines" on his phone.
Sleepless in Austin: Man's website offers $1,500 for non-fat, non-black, non-slut girlfriend
London 2012 athletes had bad teeth
10-Year-Old Accidentally Creates New Molecule in Science Class
Kansas creationists file lawsuit to stop teaching science in science class.
'Minecraft' Blamed For School Violence In Florida
Jesus was the original tweeter, says Vatican Cardinal
Boehner Advises Americans to Delay Getting Cancer for a Year : The New Yorker
Saudi Cleric Tells Women Driving Will Hurt Their Ovaries
Saudi cleric warns driving could damage women's ovaries
Woman gives birth to baby who looks half human half goat
The Worst Person In The World Will Pay You $1,500 To Find Him A Girlfriend
Pot Smokers Who Quit Find It Harder to Function
Man Killed After Stepping Out of Moving Party Bus on Hollywood Freeway
SAUDI SHEIKH HAS THIS 'SCIENTIFIC' WARNING: DRIVING AFFECTS WOMEN'S PELVISES AND OVARIES
Cleveland Indians lefty Scott Kazmir trapped in elevator for 1 1/2 hours
Saudi Cleric Says Driving Hurts Women's Ovaries
Tesco Sorry Over 'Gay Best Friend' Doll
Man holds up Brisbane cheesecake shop
Record Label Picks Copyright Fight - With The Wrong Guy
Chinese Officials Mistake Porn Film Scenes For American Execution
Man "Rapes Away the Gay" of local boys. Serves no time
$26 Billion In Unclaimed Cash Left At Moscow Airport
Conservative Kansas Group Suing to Remove Science from Schools, Claims Science is Unconstitutional
Not just robot. Your own robotic friend.
Relief as Kenny Jumper Safely Returned
Man Attempts to Pay Water Bill with Crack Cocaine
Man blames his drunk driving on sick cat
Psychotropic Drug Use Leveling Off in Preschoolers
UK A&Es seeing 'drunk children'
Court finds that 12,213 'ecstasy' pills were actually caffeine
Father: Boy who brought weapons to school was acting out video game...
In surprise advance announcement, 2013 Nobel Prize in physics awarded to Higgs boson
Man accused of offering $100,000 bribe to police: 'Just let me walk, bro'
Pilot Lands Airplane On Chicago's Lake Shore Drive Because He Had To Land Somewhere
Dad rings for hooker, daughter turns up
Vegan Strip Club in Portland Honors Newark Mayor With the Booker Burger
Syria foreign minister at U.N. General Assembly: 'There is no civil war'
Swiss army trains for invasion by a bankrupt France "looking for money"
€20 billion CASH stash left at Russian airport for six years
The Elvis Impersonator, the Karate Instructor, a Fridge Full of Severed Heads, and the Plot 2 Kill the President
California wife comes out as lesbian to husband, who in turn comes out as transgender
Swiss Army prepared for invasion by bankrupt French: report
107 year old man dies in police shootout.
Black Holes may have "hair," physicists say.
Ukrainian couple having sex on railroad tracks gets hit by train
Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning calls an audible and his offense responds by yelling "Papa Johns".
Data suggest guns do in fact kill people
'Penis-shaped' pillars provoke controversy near Pittsburgh
ioS 7 is causing many users to experience dizzyness, vertigo, motion sickness, due to the extreme sharpness of the screen and motion of the icons.
Locomotive Runs Over Ukrainian Couple Having Sex on Railroad Tracks (nsfw)
Italians Invent Spreadable Beer
Swiss war game envisages invasion by bankrupt French
D.C. Staffers Turn To Craigslist To Score Their Government Shutdown Booty Calls
Google launches Google play game vending machines.
Best way to go?
Ex-Summit coach pleads no contest to devising play to hurt student heckler
Fox News: Obama in Plot to Force Americans to Live Longer : The New Yorker
Cop smashes car, forces a pedestrian to drink water from a puddle and eat garbage [Portuguese - Google Translate]
Report: Annual NYC inmate cost exceeds four years at Harvard
Judge orders Nebraska man to not date during probation
Sex on tracks proves fatal
John McAfee reveals details on gadget to thwart NSA
Comedian Punches Journalist in Audience Live-Tweeting Event
How eating dog became big business in Vietnam
This Guy's Eaten Nothing but Raw Meat for Five Years
NSA mines Facebook for connections, including Americans' profiles
J.J. Abrams admits that he is addicted to lens flares
Couple having sex on railroad tracks fail to notice oncoming train.
National Zoo panda cam would go dark in gov't shutdown
J.J. Abrams Apologizes for His Lens Flares
Swiss army trains for French invasion
Russian President Putin to Fight Zombies in Mobile Video Game
Judge sentences killer, performs wedding
Stallone Attacked by Three Boar
Muslim man becomes Christian after recovering from brain aneurysm.
J.J. Abrams apologizes for overusing lens flare: 'I know it's too much'
Teen LSD Party In Mill Valley Turns Into Marin County Blood Ritual
NBC Sports Network Cancels NRA-Sponsored Elephant Hunting Show
Alaska is Being Sued for Causing Global Warming
Miami Marlins Are Selling Tickets to Yesterday's Game
Exclusive: J.J. Abrams Apologizes for His Lens Flares
Miami Marlins Selling Tickets to No-Hitter the Day After It Happened
NBC Cancels NRA-Sponsered Elephant Hunting Show After Host Accuses Critics Of Being Like Hitler
NBC cancels NRA-funded hunting show after host compares critics to Hitler
NBC cans hunting show after lobbyist star compares critics to Hitler
Brothers blow up house while celebrating lottery win with drugs
Ted Cruz loses it after his master card is denied at hooters
Saudi cleric warns that driving will damage women's ovaries
Woman killed, man loses legs after sex on train tracks
Timothy Porter: Perverted hypnotist who tried to turn patient into sex slave is jailed Check out all the latest News, Sport & Celeb gossip at Mirror.co.uk http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/timothy-porter-perverted-hypnotist-who-2324199
Timothy Porter: Perverted hypnotist who tried to turn patient into sex slave is jailed.
Jail for hypnotist who told woman she was 'sex slave'
GTA 5 fan stabbed and robbed of new video game
Saudi Arabian cleric says female drivers risk damaging ovaries
Grand Theft Auto V fan stabbed and robbed hours after buying game
Calgary candidate apologizes for interrupting Breaking Bad series finale
Dear NASA, Happy Birthday! To Celebrate, We're Shutting You Down. Love, Congress
Congressmen Still Boozing, Hours Away From Government Shutdown
Poison ivy-eating goats removed ahead of shutdown
US government shuts down
Granny Lives On Thanks To Google Earth
US Government has shut down
We can drink in congress but we refuse to be adults and pay the bills.
What a Republican Shutdown Means For Millions of Women and Children
Airlines introduce fees you might actually want to pay
O.J. Simpson Busted in Prison Cookie Theft
Utah woman asks husband to shoot man 'telepathically raping' her
Prairie dog colony being eradicated at site of planned "nature" school
Miley Cyrus Pregnant - Juicy J Might Be The Father
Convicted earthquake scientist says he can't be blamed for 309 deaths
US begins government shutdown as budget de
Serious Yahoo bug discovered. Researchers rewarded with $12.50 voucher to buy corporate T-shirt
Putin nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
Mermaid Fitness Class Lets You Live Out Your Childhood Fantasy
Danny Dyer to take over EastEnders' Queen Vic
UK nurse hands razor to self-harmer in psychiatric ward blunder
Former international hockey player stole £450 of groceries from Sainsbury's by self-scanning EVERYTHING as loose onions
Man kills wife, himself after after trying out for family feud
Jesus Movie "The Resurrection" coming from "Waterworld" Director
Man blames aliens for losing car
BBC News - US shutdown has other nations confused and concerned
Peru makes book writing into a spectator sport
Google doodle celebrates Yosemite National Park as park closes thanks to government shutdown
Justin Bieber has bodyguards carry him up to the Great Wall of China
Navy-Air Force game could fall victim to federal shutdown
Man blames Grand Theft Auto for, um, allegedly ramming 9 cars
WWII vets storm closed memorial
Brad Pitt action film asks villagers to ignore gunfire and explosions
Jay Z Credits Drug Dealer Past For Preparing Him As A Sports Agent
'Deuce Bigalow' actor: I haven't made a movie in California in 7 years because of Democrats
October is declared by President Obama to be 'National Arts and Humanities Month', one day later most museums are closed due to the government shutdown.
Police Stop Leads To Bizarre Arrest
Taylor Swift Wears A Shirt As A Dress
Justin Bieber Makes Bodyguards Carry Him Up Great Wall Of China
Franco Scaramuzza, Fencing Coach, Foils Robbery Using Sword; Suspects Butt, Johnson Arrested
Electric fish may have switched from AC to DC
Fencing coach stops robbery using his sword
Canada To Launch Billion-Dollar Marijuana Free Market This Week : The Two-Way : NPR
Man claims refugee status in New Zealand on basis that climate change threatens to inundate his home country
Two boaters fined after harassing swimming moose in Northern Ontario
Valve trademarks Half-Life 3
Bellevue teacher, who was drunk at work, sues to get job back
Uzbekistan: Traffic offenders 'forced to pick cotton'
KKK rally in Pennsylvania becomes casualty of government shutdown
Fake CIA Spy's $900,000 Fraud Leaves Congress Gobsmacked
Volunteer keeps frozen dead eagle due to shutdown
Congressional Republicans debate empty chairs, lose
KKK Rally At Gettysburg Canceled Because Of Government Shutdown
The Marlins Put The Wrong Date On Their Dumb, Fake No-Hitter Tickets
The Saddest Paragraph You'll Read About the Government Shutdown Today
Man shoots neighbor for 'telepathically' assaulting wife
Gettysburg KKK Rally Scuttled by Shutdown
Gluttonous goon ransacks drive-through | Crime & Courts | San Francisco
In Shutdown, Government-Funded News Declared 'Essential to National Security'
Vladimir Putin to battle zombies in upcoming video game
KFC spent two years making a take-out container that fits cupholders
KKK rally at Gettysburg Civil War site canceled due to government shutdown
President Obama compares buggy new healthcare site to iOS 7
KKK Rally In Gettysburg Canned Due To Government Shutdown
Single mothers responsible for the decline of newspapers
Disney on Ice forces WNBA Finals to relocate
The Marlins Sell Commemorative Ticket PDFs from Henderson Alvarez's No-hitter, Get Date Wrong
KKK Rally Canceled Due To Government Shutdown
Self-taught hypnotist put woman in trance before fondling her 30 Sep 2013 14:35 Timothy Porter had an unblemished 24-year record in the services but has today been jailed for 18 months
Washington Monument Syndrome. It's when government shuts down the most visible services like national parks, instead of doing necessary actions, to highlight governments value to voters and to rally support.
Government Preparing to Spread "Washington Monument Syndrome"
11-year-old Rejects Public School Conditioning
Jellyfish Invasion Paralyzes Swedish Reactor
Woman Sues Hospital for Sticker Prank During Surgery
Exercise 'can be as good as pills'.
Having Your Dessert And also Eating It Too: Some Idea For Nutritious Dinner, Perhaps even Frozen treats!
Self-taught hypnotist put woman in trance before fondling her
Federal inmates go on strike to protest pay cuts
NASA on shutdown: 'Sort it out, humans'
Boat filled with weed crashes into nude beach
Wave of jellyfish shut down nuclear power plant
Newspaper Editor Blames Decline of His Industry on Single Moms
Al-Qaeda loosens its admissions standards
Cops: Jehovah's Witnesses Faced Bullet Barrage
Anti-capitalist Occupy movement creates own bank
Portland has a "Super-Aids"
'UnskewedPolls' Founder: Barack Obama Is 'Actually' Gay
Camel meat leaps from bedouin tents to top Gulf eateries
Woman overdoses on water
Christian TV host asks God for 'military takeover' of Obama's presidency
Dwayne Johnson, Colorado Rock Slide Victim, Sacrificed Life To Save Teen Daughter
'Revenge porn' outlawed in California
Wal-Mart pulls Osama bin Laden costume after pressure from Sikh community
Any Animal That Touches This Lethal Lake Turns To Stone
Plastic Surgery That Forces You To Smile Uncontrollably Is All The Rage Among South Korean Women
Engaged couple discover they are brother and sister when their parents meet just before wedding
Bernie Kosar blames failed sobriety test on his offensive line.
John Boehner: Obama owns this shutdown now
Change To A Pre-paid Cell Phone Plan And Save Money
Vladimir Putin nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
In Azerbaijan, Doctors Say Opposition Candidate Is Bad for You
Why the Federal Government wants to Redefine the word 'Cancer'.
Eight-year-old boy suspended from school for using hand as pretend gun in game
Russian military: 'Space troops not yet ready to fight aliens'
Tupperware material on Titan
TUPPERWARE FOUND ON MOON of Saturn
North Korea slams South's 'lunatic' military display
Stabbing follows argument over 'riding shotgun' in car
Waze and Eminem team up to inadvertently promote distracted driving
Donte Whitner of the San Francisco 49ers changes name to "Donte Hitner"
Minions carry Justin Bieber up Great Wall of China
North American Union? Diane Francis Pushes U.S.-Canada Merger
Russian space troops 'not yet ready to fight extraterrestrials'
Knocking on wood and throwing salt over your shoulder 'can reverse bad luck', says study
Parents of Alabama high school students outraged over offering of Arabic language classes. States one concerned parent, "...we're headed down a path of further eroding our society to a Muslim-based society..."
New York man celebrating first anniversary with wife, child, brutally beaten by motorcycle gang
Egyptian farmer arrested for naming donkey after army chief
Nick Gilronan Won a Small-Penis Pageant, Yet He's a Bigger Man Than Most
Fencing coach stops robbery in shopping center | Odd News
Putin Should Win Nobel Peace Prize, Prominent Russians Say
Cruz Blames Obama's Fixation On Health Care For WWII Memorial Closure
Dip goat poop in gold, sell as art
Michigan Open Carry BBQ Ends with No Shootings [xpost /r/gunsarecool]
49ers Safety Donte Whitner legally changing name to 'Donte Hitner'
Joseph Gordon-Levitt's Porn Flick Is the Perfect Date Movie
Star Wars lightsabers finally invented
KKK Rally In Pennsylvania Canceled Due To Government Shutdown
Grayson blames shutdown on GOP literally drinking on the job
The shutdown is the Constitution's fault
Michigan Open Carry BBQ Ends with No Shootings
7 NSA excitedly kicks off National Cyber Security Awareness Month! On the morning federal government shuts down
Michigan Open Carry BBQ Ends With Zero Deaths
NSA excitedly kicks off National Cyber Security Awareness Month! On the morning federal government shuts down
Man Named 'Fudge' Robs Cold Stone Creamery
BlackBerry admits Android, iOS helped cause their demise
Creationists on Texas Panel for Biology Textbooks
Government Agencies Have To Tear Down Their Websites, Even If It's Cheaper To Leave Them Up
Feds Say They've Arrested 'Dread Pirate Roberts,' Shut Down His Black Market 'The Silk Road'
Adorable old couple are actually both murderers who killed their ex-spouses.
Meet Butch Matthews, A Republican Who Came To Love Obamacare After Realizing It Will Save Him $13,000
Porn Star Works in Surgery ... Until Med Student Recognizes Her
Beanie Babies Creator Cries, Pleads Guilty
Yale laundry room "poopetrator" sought
Console sales to rise in 2013
Bernie Kosar, Porn Star's Dad, Embarrassed For Rams' Parents
Baby mamas should grow up
Government Shutdown Keeps Dead Eagle in Medina Woman's Freezer
Here Comes Walter Blanco: There Will Be a Colombian Remake of 'Breaking Bad'
Man Shoots Off Gun In Pants During Hug, Accidentally Kills Girlfriend
War crimes in video games should be punished says International Red Cross
Russia's Putin Nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
Occupy Wall Street Plans to Offer Debit Card
Ku Klux Klan rally at national military park cancelled due to government shutdown
NFL Player Changes Name to Become Literally Hitner (x-post r/nfl)
49er Safety Says He's Changing Legal Name To Hitner
Congratulations, America: You're Hitting Fewer Deer
Intel chief suggests US spies might defect over budget impasse
The baby factory: In a huge clinic in India, hundreds of women are paid £5,000 to have Western couple's kids.
49ers S Donte Whitner says he's dropping the "W" in last name after fine for hit, wants to be known as "Hitner"
Albuquerque Man Breaks Into Home Naked and Starts Eating Cat Food
Top Republican Calls For Replacing Obamacare With Obamacare
At Chicago's Kuma's, is newest heavy-metal burger tasty or tasteless?
Druids use rock and magnets to stop road accidents
Mutated Fukushima Giant Hornet Responsible For Multiple Nebraska Casualties
Americans Think GOP's Top Priority Is Troublemaking
Norway to air five hour 'slow TV' knitting show.
Dogfish Head brews beer with moon dust
Congressman Confronts Park Ranger Over Closed WWII Memorial
Need health care coverage? Just dial 1-800-FUCKYO to reach Obamacare's national hotline
Don't pick nose in public, China tells its travellers
New York City Opera shuts its doors; last production was an opera about Anna Nicole Smith
Somali govt. launches universal healthcare plan
Patricia Ritz, Convicted Animal Abuser, Eaten By Own Dogs
Woman With Long History of Animal Cruelty Is Eaten by Her Own Dogs Read more at: http://www.heavy.com/news/2013/09/patricia-ritz-eaten-dogs-kentucky/
Washington man arrested for eating someone else's birthday cake
Husband accuses wife of impregnating their maid with his sperm
No Different Love Can Compare
Help kids with cancer? Reid asks: 'Why would we want to do that?'
Neural stem cells pulled from rat's brain using magnet
Woman believes someone intentionally dropped concrete barrier to harass her
Giant Asian Hornets Are Killing People In China, Breeding In Larger Numbers
Steven Spielberg's Kids Are In-Demand DJs
Man injured by half-tonne of falling bacon (x-post from /r/funny)
Tinfoil hats actually amplify mind-control beams
Russian 'space troops' are not prepared for battle with aliens, says official
Ah, there's nothing like new baby smell.
NSA Surveillance Delayed by Inconvenient Ultra-Tiny Font
Poll: Should the term "hump day" be banned in schools?
Snowden's email provider Lavabit fought government surveillance with ultra-tiny font
Bad bathroom etiquette results in Oklahoma County burglary charge
Author Says Dave Eggers' New Book Rips Off Her Work
Branston Pickle truck crashes near Cheddar
Why Doritos are so darned addictive
Man injured by half-tonne of falling bacon
Burger King Changes Name to 'Fries King'
Birthday cake attacked in Washington courthouse
Burger King Changes its Name to Fries King to Promote New Menu Item
Fake bomb detectors still used in Iraq
OKCupid now has an option to filter out fatties
How Texas' School Board Tried to Pretend Slavery Never Happened and Why Your Kid's School May Be Next
GEICO offers to give Baltimore an identity by promoting shitty D.C. band.
House Republicans seek probe of D.C. monument closures
Professional Wrestler gains seat in the German Parliament
War crimes in video games should be punished, ICRC says
Catholic priest will remain part of clergy despite arrival of his child.
China's new guide to 'civilised tourism'
GOP Congressman Makes Park Ranger Apologize for Shutdown
Guess What the Obamacare Hotline Number Nearly Spells
New footage, DNA prove bigfoot exists, group says
Businesses Often Opposed to Government Beg for Its Return
Branston Pickle lorry crashes near Cheddar
School bans "It's Hump Day" after middle school overuse
How Do You Get Paid $400,000 At Carnegie Hall? Be A Stagehand
School asks police officer not to wear uniform on campus when dropping off his child; other parents frightened
Cooking Tips from a Roadkill Fanatic: Arthur Boyt eats animals killed by cars. He stews badgers with the head on, and he loves the taste of labrador. He'll even eat carrion several weeks old. Once you've picked the maggots off and cooked it, the meat tastes really good, says the British pensioner.
ALL AMERICANS WILL RECEIVE A MICROCHIP IMPLANT IN 2013 PER OBAMACARE
Buddhist mob torch 70 homes, stab 94 year old woman to death
Buddhists kill 94-year-old Muslim woman, burn dozens of homes in Burma mob violence
Exxon accuses FXX of ripping off its logo
Rep. Neugebauer blames park ranger for shutdown, gets blasted by onlookers
Rumors swirling that King Tut's penis was stolen because of its alleged small size
Jennifer Lawrence 'told to diet' to save career
Sinead O'Connor urges Miley Cyrus to stop 'pimping' herself
Obamacare helpline: 1-800-F U-CKYO
Republicans to investigate why their shutdown caused memorials to be shut down
University Of Texas Conservative Students Hold Affirmative Action Bake Sale
UNGA 'boring' without colourful characters
Chinese tourists warned not to pick noses or urinate in public
CNN offers 24/7 streaming to iPad, but just for cable and satellite customers, and NOT for customers of it's parent company Time Warner Cable
Cumming man has close encounter with 3 bears
Punk Band Shoots Porn Film on Front Lawn of Westboro Baptist Church
In search of more information on Obamacare? Just dial 1-800-F1--KYO
Montana man gets replacement for $500 eaten by dog
Bigfoot is real, research teams claim
Texas Congressman Randy Neugebauer Tells Park Ranger She Should Be "Ashamed" for Enforcing Shutdown
Pills made from poop cure serious gut infections
Republican who voted to shut down government asks park ranger why part of government shut down.
NY court: Penile stimulation test unnecessary
Porno for Baptists: Punk Band Masturbates on Westboro Church's Front Lawn
Reboot Cartoon Getting Reboot
Football player, known for powerful hits, is legally changing his name to 'Hitner'.
Canadian woman hired surrogate at controversial 'baby factory' in India
Do Black Holes Have 'Hair'? New Hypothesis Challenges 'Clean' Model
'Poopetrator' Terrorizing Yale Laundry Room
Man digs into child's birthday cake, gets arrested | National News - Home
Bad luck really can be reversed by touching wood ritual, say scientists
Predatory paedophile mice deterred by tears of pre-pubescent victims, study claims
Obamacare helpline phone number is 1-800-F1U-CKYO
Mitt Romney's Daughter adopted an African American child and gave it a name that literally means "Black".
Cazenovia newlyweds land in jail after racial slurs lead to bar brawl
Testicular implants for neutered pets.
Communion wafer burger: Soul food for some but others say poor taste
Two bearded pupils in Accrington banned from classroom
Ole Miss students, football players, shout homophobic slurs during play about Matthew Shepard's murder.
Assad says it's early to say if he'll run again
Texas fundamentalists want to teach Garden of Eden in science class
Breaking Bad REMAKE already in production. It's called Metastasis and aimed to spanish people.
Russia stops all adoptions to Sweden due to risk of children getting gay parents.
N.Y. mom who killed 3 kids wants cut of their estate
Davis Love III rode around the Presidents Cup with a baby squirrel
Playing tag is "too rough" for kindergarteners
Shock and awww... 'UFO crashes' into London primary school playground
Giant Hornets Kill Dozens in China
GTA 5 could destroy reputation of Scottish border town, says councillor
'Pregnant' 2 year old gives birth to twin
Man crushed to death by grapes in Spain
Groom calls in a bomb threat after forgetting to book wedding venue
Half-Ton of Bacon Falls On Unsuspecting Man
OKCupid now offering paid feature to filter out fat and ugly people
Bank error makes restaurant manager the world's first ever trillionaire
Jesse Jackson Picked By Colombia's FARC To Facilitate Release Of U.S. Marine Held Hostage
Mutated Fukushima Giant Hornets Responsible For Multiple Nebraska Casualties
Hollywood star Rob Schneider turns Republican, citing Democratic 'disaster'
Tweeter isn't Twitter, but people are throwing money at it
Post 'revenge porn' in California and you may go to jail | Internet & Media
Syria President Bashar Assad says too early to say whether he'll seek re-election next year
2-Year-Old Gives 'Birth' To Own Twin
Woman stoned to death in Pakistan for possessing a cell phone
Guy crushed to death by his own marijuana
Artist Paints by Snorting Colors Then Crying Them Onto a Canvas
A stock called Tweeter is up 1000% because people think it's Twitter
Arizona police officer asked not to wear his uniform to the school because other parents were concerned that he was carrying a gun
Boehner's shutdown advice from schoolkids: Listen to Lady Gaga
School asks cop to lose the uniform when dropping off his daughter
Meet two cancer patients whose treatment is on hold due to US gov shutdown: an 8yo girl, and a father of 3
'TWTRQ' stock up as much as 1,800% as investors confuse Tweeter for Twitter
Shutdown leads women to sugar-daddy dating website
Pa. gov: Gay marriage is like marriage of siblings
A Stock Called 'TWTRQ' Is Up 1,500% Today Because People Think It's Twitter
Q&A: The Women Who Write Dinosaur Erotica. (xpost from /r/books)
Breaking News: President Obama goes for a walk
Q&A: The Women Who Write Dinosaur Erotica
Air Force Academy faces toilet paper shortage from government shutdown
SPCA's pet condoms campaign applauded by animal owners
Too Fat To Scan! Kicked Off Hospital Imaging Bed But Accepted by Local Zoo And Sea World Park!
The tick that can turn its victims virtually vegetarian
Students at Ole Miss interrupt play on campus about gay intolerance by shouting intolerant gay slurs at cast
NYC lawyer argues that NYPD can spy on peaceful Muslim conversations
GOP Says Get a Job, GOP Shutdown Cuts Off Job Training
Kanye West Shows His Mellower Side: Doesn't Freak Out When French Woman Asks Who He Is
'Vanilla Ice Project' Season 4 Replaced with 'Vanilla Ice Goes Amish'
Testing Seattle's Porn-Friendly Public Libraries
Xiao Feng, 2-Year-Old, Gives 'Birth' To Own Twin In China: Report
London Fire Brigade ask you to please refrain from putting your penis in the toaster
Groom made fake bomb threat to cover up forgetting to book wedding venue
Chinese boy Xiao Feng 'gives birth' to twin brother after doctors find foetus growing in his stomach
Investors Confuse Tweeter With Twitter; Send Bankrupt Stock Up 1800%
Paedophile mice 'deterred by tears' - study
Hideo Kojima, Creator of videogame series Metal Gear Solid, correctly predicts the future of the battlefield.
KKK's Gettysburg rally canceled because of government shutdown
Chinese authorities teach Chinese travellers advice such as do not to pick your nose, steal plane life jackets or leave footprints on toilets.
Cops: Pantsless, Masturbating McDonald's Customer, 69, Tried To Force Drive-Thru Worker To Touch Him
Alaska National Weather Service office begs "please pay us" in secret message
Video shows Sudanese woman flogged for riding in car with stranger
HOLY COW! 'Miracle' calf born with TWO heads on Vermont farm
Dogs attack woman and take her purse in Oak Cliff
Kanye West Fails To Freak Out When French Woman Doesn't Know Who He Is.
Silk Road founder arrested for hiring hitman through the secretive Silk Road
Furloughed Fema workers recalled as tropical storm Karen threatens US coast
Nebraska court decides 16 year old is too immature too decide to have an abortion and must keep the baby.
Investors mistake a bankrupt retailer (TWTRQ) for Twitter (TWTR) and boost its stock through the roof
Chubby-chasing SEX TROLLS ran me offline, says fashion blogger
Woman doesn't recognize Kanye West
Taking test would net suspension for cheerleader
Man with penis stuck in toaster rescued by London Fire Brigade
Artist combines Jennifer Aniston's legs, Gwen Stefani's abs and Kate Middleton's smile to create the perfect celebrity
Zeeland teachers set 'No Tag, No Chasing' policy for kindergartners
Designer Rick Owens Skips Models in Favor of College Step Teams - Allie Jones
Metro Detroit sex toy company offering free vibrators to furloughed government employees
"Fox and Friends" host thinks Hispanic colleague "grew up on tacos"
Boy suspended after using finger as pretend gun
School slavery reenactment uses n-word repeatedly, sends black girl running through woods
Grenada outlaws "annoying" emails
Potential New Tick Species Discovered In Researcher's Nostril
Alaska National Weather Service begs to be paid in secret code
CTA riders report getting dozens of Ventra cards in mail
VIDEO: Kanye West's Ego Takes Major Hit When Woman Doesn't Recognize Him
Glenn Beck rails against 'progressive' washing machines at Lowe's
Van Halen singer Sammy Hagar says he was abducted by aliens
"The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time" is classist, sexist and racist
Feds Try to Close the OCEAN Because of Shutdown
Birthday Cake Attacked In Wash. Courthouse
Horny Tarantulas Are About to Have a Fuckathon in California
Nasal Surprise: US biologist discovers new species up his nose after research trip to Africa
High School Cheerleader Could be Suspended from Squad for Taking SAT
Mother On Trial For Suffocating Son Who Told Her He'd Rather Play Nintendo DS Than Breathe
Boy Sends Question About Ninjas To Head Of US Special Forces, Gets A Response
Man says dog ate his money and U.S. Treasury paid up: A Montana man who pieced together the remnants of five $100 bills eaten by his one-eyed dog last year is sporting a $500 check he says he received this week from the U.S. Department of the Treasury to replace the digested funds.
Turkey is set to end a ban on several letters of the alphabet
US biologist discovers new species up his nose after research trip to Africa
Woman Sticks Arm in Tiger Cage, Tiger Promptly Bites it Off
Chris Brown: I lost my virginity when I was 8 years old
Excommunicated Catholic priest denies giving Communion to a dog
Man says dog ate $500 and U.S. Treasury paid him back
Conservative Georgia District Urges G.O.P. to Keep Up the Fight
Rep. Ted Yoho: GOP Are "Fred and Barney in the Flintstone-Mobile" Fighting Socialism
Florida Woman to increase breast size to triple-Q (X-post /r/FloridaMan)
Exactly what are mortgage loans and exactly how can you take advantage of them?
Florida Woman to increase breast size to triple-Q
Typo adds $14.5 billion to Spain's debt
Breaking Bad telanovela to hit the Colombian airwaves with star character Walter Blanco
A Court Has Ruled It's Not OK To Arouse Sex Offenders and Measure Their Erections
KKK rally in Gettysburg canceled because of government shutdown
girl 8, dies after being hit by an icecream truck
'Heart Attack Grill' Owner Proudly Displays Dead Customer's Remains
Obama: Imagine if a Worker Could Shut Down a Plant Because They Didn't Get What They Want
Police Barge Into Kindergarten Classroom And Taser Multiple Children "For The Heck Of It"
National Park Police Close Mt. Vernon, Feel Silly When Told It's Privately Funded
Grandfather takes wrong child out of school
Saudi men get 10-year sentence, 2,000 lashes for dancing in public
A Russian couple had to be rescued by police after a bear broke into their home and slurped down the soup they had left to cool down on the stove
Tokyo's women-only 'masturbation bar'
Air Sex World Championships: Like Air Guitar, But So Hot Howard Stern Can't Stand It (NSFW PHOTOS)
Viewers shocked by topless woman on breakfast TV
Study shows very little chicken in 'chicken nuggets'
Alex Jones Pretends to Be a Lizard Man from Space In Epic Display of Insanity
GOP rep won't donate paycheck: He needs to pay for his 'nice house'
Half marathon runner misses turn, runs full marathon, wins anyway
Ikea Sends Its New Flatpack Refugee Shelter to Syria
The National Weather Service Sends Hidden Message To Congress In Forecast
Texas lawmen break into woman's home to film the action for YouTube reality show
[X-Post from r/News] A Court Has Ruled It's Not OK To Arouse Sex Offenders and Measure Their Erections
Liam Fox MP claims 3p for 100m car trip
Auto-Brewery Syndrome: Man makes beer in his gut
Natural burger meat seen as too gross; school system returns to processed meat.
Vicky Pryce: most women in prison because of men
Vicky Pryce: Many female prisoners behind bars because of men
Neighbors defend 'nice lady' crack dealer; they insist street less safe since her arrest
Boehner: No idea when government shutdown ends
Inquiring Minds Want to Know! Ninjas vs. SEALs
Couple rescued in Russia from borscht-eating bear
Tea Party Republican Joe Barton warns America that thoughtlessly squandering natural resources might cause a wind shortage in the future.
Lee Terry Needs His Salary During Government Shutdown To Pay For His 'Nice House'
Russia had to re-light the Olympic flame with a cigarette lighter
Stately ash tree was standing there minding its own business when lightning struck
Yale 'Poopetrator': Offender Hangs Laundry Line of Feces-Stained Clothing on Campus (PHOTOS)
Tiger-chewed worker to blame for violent attack: zoo owner
Rihanna Not Surprised Chris Brown Had Sex Young: He's A 'Beast' In Bed
House Republicans Are Deciding Whether They Should Totally Cave to Obama Now or Later
Yale searches for stinker adding feces to dryers
Nelson Mandela dead since June according to the Las Vegas Guardian Express.
DA: Accused Rapist Used Paper Airplanes in Jailhouse Plot to Kill Victim, Witness
Miley Cyrus generates tweets as a sexy Michele Bachmann on 'SNL'
Korean robot hunts down and shreds jellyfish
Boy flies from Minn. to Vegas without a ticket.
Man making ramen in Speedo while gaming suddenly receives 20 rockets to the groin
Park Police Attempt To Shut Down Mount Vernon - Until They're Told It's Privately Funded
Chinese Women Flock to Sex Classes
Journal-Inquirer editor Chris Powell blames the decline of journalism on single moms.
Chaos erupts at mall after release of new sneakers
Over 100 long-lost Doctor Who episodes found by dedicated fans - in Ethiopia
Grandfather picks up the wrong child from UK school
Miley Cyrus 'twerking action figure' goes on sale
Proposed bill would guarantee pint of beer is 16 ounces
Geico's 'Hump Day' Slogan A Hit Among Middle School Students, Teachers Fed Up
4 Saudi men accused of dancing naked sentenced to prison, lashes
A Jersey City man says he's always enjoyed looking like Bill Cosby
PANIC NOW: Sex-Crazed Tarantulas Are Coming Out in Droves
Team Obama Tries Capturing a Terrorist Instead of Droning Him
Police taser naked man eating cat food
School Pulls All-Beef Burgers From Menu, Citing Complaints
How many members of Congress does it take to change a light bulb?
Young Iranians combat Netanyahu with 'jeans protest'
New law says a child may have more than two parents
Portland Public Schools Enlists 39 Goats, Llama, To Eat Back Invasive Weeds
Morbidly obese two-year-old from Saudi Arabia youngest person to have gastric bypass surgery
Justice Scalia 'very much' suspects he has homosexual friends
Jerry Jones Still Uses A Flip Phone
Asian girl dies during abortion by plumber
Autistic Kids Lack the God Part of the Brain and Need Therapy to Fix It, Says Head of a Turkish Autism Organization
Antonin Scalia: 'I Even Believe In The Devil'
Antonin Scalia: I Suspect I Have Homosexual Friends
Japan dolphin-killing town to open marine park
Girlfriend Dies in 'Hug of Death' When Teen Makes Fatal Mistake
Boozy feral pig who found fame after getting drunk on stolen beer and starting a fight with an innocent cow dies in car accident
Russian website publishes photo of shopping 'Snowden'
Burglar caught by cucumber
Hammer gang steal pizza delivery
Official: Man crashed after pursuit and beer, cupcake theft.
Bright pink Barbie Jeep ticketed by Utah police
Arizona Republic Reporters Told to Work From Starbucks or McDonald's
Books deemed a thing of the past by YouTube generation of readers
Cops: Pa. prison guards made inmates fight each other for snacks
Marijuana Filled Boat Crashes Into Nude Beach
Seattle Man Offers Course in Applied Homelessness for $2,000
Republican compares shutdown to the Civil War ... and they're the Confederacy
Arizona Republic editors to reporters: Do your work at Starbucks or McDonald's.
Meat-Drenched Oktoberfest Warms To Vegans
Olympic flame arrives in Russia ... and extinguishes itself
Guy Richie confirmed for He-Man and The Masters of the Universe
North Carolina soldier, wife charged with making dog porn
North Korea calls Switzerland's refusal to sell it ski lifts a 'serious human rights abuse'
Women 'smell' their competition
Sex allegations against ex-headmaster 'creepy' but not criminal, defense says
Fox News debuts bizarre, giant tablets in its outrageous new newsroom
Chip Kelly stole and improved the 'QB Eagles' run play from Tecmo Super Bowl
Neighbors really loved their local crack-dealing grandma
UPDATE: Women Like Sex
Barbie Jeep ticketed by Utah officers
Japan dolphin-killing town to open marine park, serve dolphin meat
California GOP convention promoting diversity mocks Hillary's '2 Fat Thighs, 2 Small Breasts'
Steve Stockman campaign sticker: 'If babies had guns they wouldn't be aborted'
North Koreans smoke weed every day
Groom calls in bomb threat after forgetting to book wedding venue
Walter Mitty Films The Secret Life of Ben Stiller
FIFA plans league table of nations' racism issues
This Electronics Store Tweeter's Stock Went Up Over 1,000% Because People Thought It Was Twitter
New legislative bill would require each pint of beer to have 16 ounces
9-year-old sneaks onto Minneapolis plane, flies to Las Vegas
Inside the mind of NSA chief Gen Keith Alexander | Glenn Greenwald | Comment is free
Officers were on playstation when Concordia hit rocks
Hedge Fund Legend Dumped Apple Shares After Reading The Steve Jobs Biography And Deciding Jobs Was A 'Really Awful' Person
Police: Drunk man claims to be Peggy Hill, in search of Girl Scouts
Right-Wing Truckers Plan To Jam DC's Major Commuter Highway, Arrest Members Of Congress
Holyoke police: Brenda Diaz, 26, arrested after damaging slushie machine at convenience store, taking clothes off outside
Scalia says Satan is 'a real person'
'Truckers for the Constitution' Plan to Slow D.C. Beltway, Arrest Congressmen
Spacey Fukushima Worker Pushes Wrong Button, Almost Causes Meltdown
How an Australian woman butchered her boyfriend and removed the skin from his body
Faeces-filled pill stops gut infection
Sixth Grader Wins Approval to Brew Beer in Space
Got An Itch? New Study Shows How Scratching May Relieve It
Shepard Smith Tours the Revolutionary Fox News Deck
Taking a tube train home? Tired, well relax and put your feet up
iOS 7 is making life more difficult for blind Arabic speakers
Nebraska Supreme Court rules that a 16-year-old in foster care is not mature enough to get an abortion.
NYC Strip Club Refuses To Show Giants Game, Citing Depression (xpost from /r/sports)
Cooper Manning Leads New York Giants to 0-5 Start
Queensland Police will scrutinise any outlaw motorcyle riders travelling in threes under new laws
Taliban vows to kill girl they shot in the head
Utah Police Ticket Abandoned Barbie Toy Jeep
Free vibrators for furloughed federal workers
Man charged with punching woman in Jersey City PATH station, claims he's actor Denzel Washington
'Moby-Duck': When 28,800 Bath Toys Are Lost At Sea
Pat Robertson Reveals How Low-Carb Diets Violate God's Principles, Halal Foods Fund Terrorism
Saudi husband divorces wife for kissing horse
Gulf states to introduce medical testing on travellers to 'detect' gay people and stop them from entering
Shutdown Scuttles Virginia Shore Pony Roundup
Today's Nobel Prize Winner Had His Research Funding Cut By The NIH
Popular Manhattan Strip Club Pulls The Plug On Pathetic Giants
Police investigate possible mobile meth lab crash
Park Slope Under Siege By Mean, Aggressive Cat
Yale Searching for 'Poopetrator'
'Bully' Cat Makes Life Misery for Brooklyn Felines
Beer Made with Moon Dust Blends Brewer and Spacesuit Maker Skills
Kuwait Thinks Its Gaydar Is Good Enough to Ban Gays from the Country
Flying Pig Still at Large
Creationists Demand Bullock Movie 'Gravity' Be Renamed 'One Possible Theory'
Louisiana Pension Sues Over 'See-Through' Yoga Pants
Teens dress as Batman to catch pedophiles; cops not impressed (xpost from TIL)
Ted Cruz: "If we are really serious about stopping Obamacare, we'll destroy the entire planet."
The Devil and Antonin Scalia
Navy Solves Budget Woes By Selling Ship Naming Rights, Launches USS Ford F-150 [x-post from r/navy]
Teens dress as Batman to catch pedophiles
Former Chiefs RB Larry Johnson is Now a Strip Club DJ
Bachmann: Obama funding Al-Qaeda proves 'we are in God's End Times'
Michele Bachmann: Obama 'Funding' Terrorists Is Proof That We're Living In The End Times
Fox host apologizes for reporting fake news
Firefighters remove man's penis from toaster
Bachmann: Obama Is Supporting Al Qaeda, Proving That We Are In The End Times
Fox anchor apologizes after falsely saying Obama was paying to keep Muslim museum open
Woman Says She Called 911 for an Ambulance for Her Fiancé, Cops Came and Shot Him Instead
Glenn Beck Considers Moving To Canada Before Obama Administration 'Revolutionaries' Start To 'Scoop People Up'
Mother London invites women to display their pubic areas for feminist movement "Project Bush"
Girl expelled from school for having two dads - 14 News, WFIE, Evansville, Henderson, Owensboro
School Bans Footballs, Baseballs, Lacrosse Balls, Games Of Tag, Doing Cartwheels During Recess.
5 Kids Found Drunk at Home Alone & Say Their Parents Made Them Do It
Former Congresswoman Lauds Syria's 'Free Health Care' After Meeting Assad
Man steals cart of Spam from grocery store
Tea party Republicans blame Obama for the shutdown they planned
Gulf states consider medical test to detect gay travellers before they enter the country
Nebraska Decides 16-Year-Old Must Give Birth Because She Isn't 'Mature' Enough For An Abortion
Saudi Arabia issues law to ban hailing of cabs
Tony Abbott shown 'iron curtain' by Putin after missing his birthday party
A MAN hired a prostitute to come to his hotel room - and answered the door to his own daughter.
Armenia Says It Is No Longer Poor
Japan Man Busted for Arranging Senior Citizen Sex
Colorado sixth-grader's beer-making experiment headed for space
Medical tests will be used to make sure that homosexuals will be detected before entering the Gulf states.
GOP Rep.: 'We're not French. We don't surrender.'
Obama -"the worst President EVER". "move to barricade the World War II memorial reveals the mentality of a tin-pot dictator."
Man hires prostitute, daughter turns up
Search for Loch Ness Monster nets 100,000 golf balls
Gays 'to be barred from entering Gulf
Firefighters rescue man's penis from toaster - then warn people to start using "common sense"
Stettler, Alberta Bike Share Program Suspended After Its One Bike Goes Missing ← The Urban Country
China's Huading Awards Honor Nicolas Cage And Nicole Kidman As Best Global Actors
Leader of the anti-Islam extremism group the English Defence League, leaves because of 'dangers of far-right extremism'
Nicolas Cage wins best global actor award.
Naming a state sandwich and other 'emergency' bills proposed for Maine's next legislative session
Leader of the anti-Islam extremism group the English Defence League, leaves because of 'dangers of far-right extremism' that has developed within the English Defence League itself
Nicholas Cage Named Best Global Actor
Salmonella outbreak linked to chicken
89-Year-Old to Plead Guilty to Drug Trafficking
Move over Jimmy Carter, Obama has my vote for worst president -- ever
Los Angeles students get iPads for classroom, play video games instead
Nicholas Cage honored as "Best Global Actor"
Too much sex kills male marsupials
Sudan: Men 'living with genies'
Newcastle University Applies To Trademark C*NT
U.S. Navy: No Record of Cap'n Crunch Service - Washington Wire
Essex school bans triangle shaped flapjacks
Utah police ticket abandoned Barbie Jeep.
Laser pen 'could have killed Lady Gaga and other MTV stars at Belfast awards show'
Hair Weave Suspects Linked to Several Smash-and-Grabs
Scalia believes in the Devil and 'very much suspects' some friends of his are homosexual
Poll: Voters prefer hemorrhoids over Congress
Red Cross confirms that it won't prosecute gamers for war crimes
Don't Pick Your Nose in Public: China Issues New Guidelines for Tourists
Utah Police Ticket Abandoned Barbie Toy Jeep | ABC News Blogs
Members-Only Congressional Gyms Remain Open During Shutdown
Shutdown: Americans prefer zombies, hemorrhoids, IRS to Congress
Bachmann: 'End Times' Are Coming Because Obama Is Supporting Al-Qaeda
'Shutdown' Day 7: Government Buys $47,174 Mechanical Bull
Nicolas Cage honored as best global actor
Arizona lawmaker refers to Obama as 'De Fuhrer' on Facebook
Can your baby DJ? They can in New York
Deputy Communications Director for the White House, Dan Pfeiffer, accidentally typed "n" instead of "b" while tweeting, "a much bigger factor on the right"
Frantic search for trapped puppy uncovers sewer problem that sounded just like a puppy
Zombies should have followed protocol, say Windsor police
Sugar Daddy Site Claims the Government Shutdown Has Increased Its Signups by 50%
Kenya: Politician 'cleans toilets for a living'
Turkmenistan: Monument honours ex-leader's horse
Exclusive Gyms For Members Of Congress Deemed 'Essential,' Remain Open During Shutdown
US adults are dumber than the average human
New Toy Ban in Nassau County Schools.
Unpaid Intern Is Ruled Not an 'Employee,' Not Protected From Sexual Harassment
Guardian poll: Nobel Prize for Rouhani
In descending order, the most popular search terms on Bing after "google" were "goggle," "googlle," "suicide," "googler," and "hot sauce."
China builds new flats in path of motorway
Obama Puts Shutdown In Terms Home-Owning Xbox Gamers Can Understand
Obama uses Xbox to explain his stance in government shutdown
Cops Fish With Rockets, Kill 6 Swimming Kids
Americans prefer hemorrhoids, witches and fungus to Congress
Afghan Police Go 'Fishing' With RPG, Accidentally Kill 6 Children
Kuwait plans to develop and use a "gaydar" to ban gays
Wahlberg FiOS commercial missing one thing: FiOS in Boston - Business
Scientists "bad at judging peers' published work," says new [peer reviewed] study
Groom calls bomb threat on his own wedding
Rob Ford Screams 'Subways!' Instead of Talking About Drugs
Ben Affleck Wants Pal Larry David To Be In His New 'Batman vs Superman' Movie
Woman Arrested Four Times In 26 Hours For Playing 'Highway To Hell'
Free adult toy offered to furloughed federal workers during shutdown
Judge Tells Man: "You're Still Legally Dead"
Gulf states to introduce medical testing on travellers to 'detect' gay people and stop them from entering the country
Man kills his brother over a piece of chicken
Obama administration decides NSA spying is 'essential,' but oversight of NSA is not
Commuters preoccupied with smartphones didn't notice killer waving gun
Congress less popular than dog poop, more so than Miley Cyrus, twerking
Woman Guilty Of Getting Husband To Shoot Neighbor For 'Telepathically Raping' Her
Crack Cocaine Found in Philadelphia 4-Year-Old's Pockets: Police
Cultural critic Azuma wants to turn Fukushima nuclear plant into tourist spot
Lost in Smartphones, SF Train Passengers Didn't Notice the Gunman Until He Pulled the Trigger
Perth chainsaw thief hid from police in girlfriend's suitcase | Dundee & Tayside | News
Man crashes into police cruiser while shooting up heroin
N.Y. school bans balls at recess, cracks down on tag games over safety fears
Fox News replaces news desks with absurdly large touchscreens
Ottawa to consider national security in a BlackBerry sale
WTF Florida? Cops Get Gay Men Horny, Then Arrest Them
Lindsay Lohan's half-sister Ashley Horn has $25k worth of surgery to look like her
Gamers committing war crimes should suffer 'virtual consequences,' says Red Cross
MDR Sheriff's Station Holding Free Document Shredding Event Saturday
Chainsaw thief found hiding from police in girlfriend's suitcase
Texas Man Afraid Of Wife Fakes Kidnapping To Go Drinking With Friends, Police Say
Swedish City of Kiruna Plans Massive Relocation
Bank refuses to help parents with savings account insisting to speak with 6 month old
Truck Drivers Will Clog The Beltway, Want To Arrest Members of Congress
US Military Cracks Down On Troop Masturbation In Afghanistan
Commuters on phones didn't notice gun during robbery
Researchers have found no effect of radioactive cesium on the testes -- considered sensitive to radiation -- and sperm count of bulls that had been left behind in the evacuation zone around the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant, according to a study made public Tuesday.
Ohio man remains legally dead despite his recent court plea
Florida Woman Arrested For Twerking In Front Of School Bus Full of Children
Brand new Air Force planes go directly from factory to junkyard
Oliver Stone Slams "Ridiculous" Violence In 'Breaking Bad' Finale
[X-post from /r/law] Judge refuses to resurrect dead man in his courtroom
Police investigating after Philadelphia 4-year-old brings cocaine to school
Radiation exposure study finds no abnormality in Fukushima bull testis.
Cops: Home invader thwarted by his own bowels
Peanut butter sniff test confirms Alzheimer's
Needy mid-ranking bankers struggling in London
School bans balls during recess
Son's random car crash exposes dad's second wife home - Dad lounging in garden also hurt
New York City police 'force' shirt on topless woman, court hears
Gulf states are to ban gay people from entering the country with 'clinical tests' at the airport.
Shipwreck survivors in Italy deported and fined €5,000. Those that died are made Italian citizens
Teacher urged students to fail test.
Cardiff City suspend Malky Mackay's right-hand man and replace him with unknown 23-year-old friend of owner's son
NYC menu offers something new: Silence
Court weighs 'too intoxicated' murder defense
Jealous Saudi Husband Divorces Wife after She Kisses a Horse.
'Badgers are moving the goalposts' says Owen Paterson of cull
In New Poll, Americans Blame Everyone for Government Shutdown
Woman calls 911 for diabetic fiancé, cops arrive, shoot him dead
Debate Over Who's Better, LeBron James Or Michael Jordan Ends In 3 People Being Stabbed.
Chinese Film Awards Name Nicolas Cage Best Global Actor
Higgs Spends Nobel money on pimped-out SUV
Man Brandishes Gun On San Francisco Train, Riders Absorbed In Their Phones Don't Notice
Muslim leader says pope is model of what religious leader should be (x-post from /r/news)
'Ghost Burger' Topped With Communion Wafer Stirs Controversy For Chicago Restaurant
Living, breathing man will remain dead in the eyes of Ohio law.
Seattle tour offers life as a homeless person, for $2,000
IRS official says she never consorted with devil
Naked easyJet passenger is tasered by police after challenging captain to a fight on tarmac at Manchester airport
Absorbed device users oblivious to danger
Is It Appropriate To Fly In Shorts?
CNBC Fires Two 'American Greed' Employees
Christie on potential White House bid: 'I can walk and chew gum at the same time'
Muslim leader says pope is model of what religious leader should be
Gene Simmons says Kurt Cobain and Amy Winehouse are not music icons
Man blames upset stomach for going 111 mph through Logan Canyon
Gene Simmons Says Kurt Cobain, Amy Winehouse Not Music Icons
Kirk Ferentz says Iowa may stop returning punts
Man with penis stuck in toaster rescued
Nobel medicine winner says: I owe it all to my bassoon teacher
Man denied mammogram because of gender
New York Strip Club Bans Giants Games After Booing Distracts Dancers
Use of Taser on 8-year-old girl justified, Pierre police say
Two Suspected Burglars Killed When Blow Torch Ignites Fireworks In Safe
Burglars use torch to open safe. Safe is filled with fireworks and explosions kills them.
Highland Park company brings electric unicycles to Chicago's streets
Sorry, you're still dead, Ohio court tells man
Nicolas Cage and Nicole Kidman named best global actors
Nebraska Court Rules Teen Too Immature For Abortion
Court Says Nebraska Teenager Too Immature to Decide on Abortion
New iPad will be called the 'maxi-pad'
Kuwait developing 'gay detector' test to keep LGBT expats out of Gulf countries
Jimmy Carter: The president's letter on the Voyager probe
So Far This Year, L.A. County Sheriff's Dogs Have Only Bitten People of Color
Tchat Cam FR : Le Chat Webcams entre Français et françaises
GOP Rep.: Republicans Prepared to Lose House for 'Braveheart' Moment
Men killed in explosion when torch ignites fireworks in safe.
Badgers 'moved goalposts' says minister Owen Paterson
Turkey Cracks Down on Cleavage
North Korea accuses Switzerland of human rights abuse over ski lifts
Angry Levski Sofia soccer fans strip their new coach during press conference
Brooks Brothers is making a totally logical expansion into steakhouses
Patient missing for 2 weeks found dead in a hospital stairwell
Commuters Were So Absorbed By Their Phones They Didn't Notice A Gun-Wielding Man On Their Train
Azerbaijan released election results before voting had even started
Alberta Mennonites linked to Mexico's Juarez drug cartel
Cardiff replace head of recruitment with 23-year-old Kazakh
All humans will die before 2030, says Sir Bob Geldof
Braves Fans ask Congressmen to Overturn NLDS Series
'Bikini Basketball' Player Encourages Latinas To Dream Big
Azerbaijan releases election results... before the polls even open
Americans Prefer Hemorrhoids And Cockroaches To Congress : The Two-Way : NPR
Oops: Azerbaijan released election results before voting had even started
Taliban mocks U.S. over shutdown and 'empty-minded leaders'
Judge tells living man that he's still legally dead
Fox News Replaces Desks With Ridiculously Large Touchscreens
At the University of Chicago, Elevators Are Finally for Everyone
Why I Wanted to Change My Daughter's Name
Germantown police called to find powder puff pooper
Weber Middle School in Port Washington bans hard balls during recess
Ohio Zombie-Man Confirmed Dead By The Court He Personally Attended
Toilets shutdown force B-787 returns to Moscow.
This was tonight's breaking story.
Real-life 'Iron Man' suit commissioned by US military
To Help During Shutdown, Man Mows Lawn Around Lincoln Memorial
Comcast rolls out remote control accessed through Twitter
School bans balls during recess for safety reasons
Brenda Barton Says She Didn't Compare 'De Fuhrer' Obama To Hitler
Smartphone users oblivious to gunman before fatal California train shooting | World | News
Anti-Semitic Times Square Elmo sentenced to one year in prison for $2 million extortion attempt from Girl Scouts
Boy, 11, forced to remove Adolf Hitler costume at school history event
Florida Woman Stabs Boyfriend In the Eye for Turning Down Threesome.
Russian Government to Produce 'Patriotic' Video Games
Man Looking For Person Who Shat Down His Chimney
"I'm Not A Racist:" Poll Shows 40 Percent Of White People Lie About Their Black Friend.
More women claim illegal strip-searches
Needy mid-ranking bankers who can't afford to live in London could be big users of Help to Buy
Walmarts top W.Va. list for retail sales of meth's pseudoephedrine
Exploding toilet leaves Brooklyn man with shrapnel wounds, afraid to flush - NY Daily News
IRS official Sarah Hall Ingram denies practicing witchcraft during House hearing
Congress Is Less Popular than Dog Poop, Toenail Fungus, Hemorrhoids, Cockroaches, Lice, Root Canals, Colonoscopies, Traffic Jams, Used Car Salesmen, Genghis Khan, Communism, North Korea, BP during the Gulf Oil Spill, Nixon During Watergate or King George During the American Revolution
Water fountains may be banned from school play areas as "unsafe" after boy cuts himself punching one, sues school
Munson: Pot-belly pig terrorizes Des Moines neighborhood
Tassie judo club wants Putin as patron
Indiana town back in spotlight after 26 meth arrests in 2 ½ years | Indianapolis Star | indystar.com
Judge's cellphone rings in court, so he fines self
Ice cream wars heat up again
Mike Ditka Says he Helped Make Obama President
Coke Zero arrives ahead of Tech at BYU
Raptors mascot out for season after blowing out Achilles
Study: We'll Enjoy Food More if You Don't Instagram It
Patriots Week 6: "The Good Ship Lollipop"
Michigan janitor offers students $1 to beat up 4th-grader
Abilitity to Petition to Reopen the Government also Shutdown, as "We the People" is disabled
Police called after a man was seen trapped upside down in a ditch. Turns out to be a scarecrow.
Harrison Ford Undecided On Star Wars Episode 7 But Would Do Indiana Jones 5
Ariel Castro may have died from auto-erotic asphyxiation, not suicide, state says
Taliban mock US over government shutdown
USPS To Destroy 'Just Move' Stamps Over Safety Concerns
Michele Bachmann Heads Further Off the Deep End, Claims Obama Has Brought About "End Times"
Paedophilia is caused by divorce, says Poland's top Catholic bishop as he blames parents for not bringing up children properly
Sergei Fedorov signs Sergei Fedorov to 1-year contract
Tikker Is A Watch That Counts Down To Your Death, Because YOLO
Injury sidelines Raptors mascot for season
Onion Beats AP By Months On Vatican Damage Control Of Pope Francis
Stamps encouraging kids participating in outdoor activities destroyed because the promote unsafe activities like handstands without helmets
Gone Viral Trolling the Internet for news and not news Florida man jumps from moving train to fetch cellphone
"Sorry, you're still dead", court tells man
Minneapolis Fox reporter 'drunk tweets' that he wants to have sex with a cat
Anti-Semitic Elmo Gets Prison Time For Girl Scout Extortion
Death Sentence for Dogs that Kill Chickens Under Va. Law
Misprint swaps Bridget Jones and David Jason book text
Teen Andrew Owens hit by a car while crossing the street on Walk to School Day
US Army plans 'Iron Man' armour for soldiers
A water park will be built in place of a bullet train for people to travel from Chattanooga to Atlanta
McDonald's worker arrested after telling company president she can't afford shoes
Officer loses job after firing at squirrel in store
TV News Reporter Accidentally Eats Cat Vomit Off Studio Floor
Riverside Cop Tricks Autistic Teen into Buying Pot
First Image of PS4 Retail Demo Station At Home Depot
Miley Cyrus Offered $1 Million Porn Deal To Direct Adult Flick (x-post r/newsofthestupid)
Savvy East New Yorkers Now Charging $20 To See Banksy Graffiti Art
Dick Cheney roasted at private GOP function. Jokes included water-boarding, war crimes, and other humorous musings about throwing America into a debilitating false war resulting in massive death and economic meltdown.
Glenn Beck: Scream at your children until they believe in God
Judge denies man's request to come back to life
All of these companies have more cash right now than the US government
Military hunts for real-life Iron Man armor
Burglars Killed Using Torch To Open Safe Full Of Fireworks
Orthodox Rabbis Nabbed For Plot To Kidnap And Torture Men To Convince Them To Divorce Their Wives
Burglars killed using torch to open a safe full of fireworks.
NSA Chief Alexander Wants the Media to Stop Making the NSA Look Bad
Man walks free after sheep refuses to testify
US Judge Tells Man He's Still Legally Dead
Wig-wearing men urinate on woman, steal her iPhone
Ariel Castro May Have Accidentally Choked to Death While Masturbating
Obamacare website looks "like nobody tested it," programmer says
Dinosaur erotica exists. Here's what you need to know. NSFW
Smartphone users oblivious to alleged gunman in fatal train shooting
South African Government bans free and open source software in schools.
8-year-old arrested for west Indianapolis carjacking
Orthodox Jewish wives who want divorce pay rabbis $100,000 to terrorize husbands with 'karate skills'
Brooklyn rabbi tortured Jewish husbands with cattle prod to force divorce: feds
Don't laugh at the "man purse"-it's now a $9 billion luxury business
The NSA's new Utah data center is going up in flames.
Costco Stands Behind Its Cheap Rotisserie Chicken Strategy
Monkey Tears Off Testicle of a Toddler in Zoo, Eats It
Mad at Congress? Why Not Drunk Dial Them?
Ariel Castro possibly died from 'auto-erotic asphyxiation'
Living Ohio man ruled 'legally dead'
Turkmenistan: Cash rewards for praising President
UK asylum seekers 'told to prove they are gay'
North Korean 1st Lady Emerges After Porn Rumors Break
Man takes legal action...to prove he's alive
Vatican Jesus Medal Recalled After Embarrassing Misspelling
US hospital has 'no idea' how Briton lay dead in stairwell for 17 days
Ferndale man attacked woman he met in anger management class
Man 'carrying a homemade sword, a hatchet, a knife, brass knuckles and a chain saw stained with what appeared to be blood' requested permission to enter USA, Permission granted. (news article in comments/x-post wtf)
Heart surgery performed on 25-week-old fetus, after surgeons practiced on a grape
Vatican pulls papal medal which misspelt name
NBA Heat's Michael Beasley requires medical treatment after punching self in head
Soltani's Wife Sentenced for Accepting Human Rights Award on his Behalf
The Vatican misspells Jesus
Women Are Hard to Animate Because They Have Emotions, Says Disney
Probation Officer Shoots and Kills 2-Year-Old Jack Russell Terrier, Said He Gave Dog Verbal Command to Get Back
Man died after eating Hero Instant Energy Mints
Vatican pulls medals bearing name of 'Lesus'
Video: Penguin pees on bride in wedding dress fail on YouTube
Schoolgirl, 13, suspended for bringing bottle of shandy to class
GA school cancels classes because of great weather
Air Canada Loses Woman's Dog, Spokesman Dismisses Inquiries In Accidental Email
Police ticket girls' illegally parked Barbie Jeep
Ohio Judge Tells Man He's Still Legally Dead
"No, You're Still Deceased," Judge Tells Dead Man
Vatican withdraws medals commemorating Francis' papacy after misspelling name of Jesus
Metasploit website hijacked by pro-Palestinian hackers... via fax
Rabbis hire "tough guys" who use electric cattle prods and karate to assault their victims.
Patriot Act Author Wants NSA Director Fired & Prosecuted
Man suspected of having mafia ties made $6 million from illegal cardboard sales in New Jersey, Long Island
Vatican withdraws thousands of medals that misspelled 'Jesus'
BuzzFeed Fires 'Copyranter': 'Wasn't BuzzFeedy Enough'
Mark Zuckerberg Buys 4 homes for privacy
Facebook Gets Rid of Privacy Option and Makes All Of Its Users Searchable
Vatican pulls misspelled 'Jesus' medals
Rather than savage cuts, Switzerland considers "Star Trek" economics
Bike Shop Owner Discovers He's The Father of Amazon's Bezos
Forgetful Groom Leaves Bride at Gas Station on Honeymoon
Tarantino: Earth couldn't handle my serial killer film
Choosing names for Pokémon X/Y was "incredibly difficult" says director
Chinese man cuts off own leg with rusty saw to avoid surgery fees
Study proves "old person smell" is real.
Sheep Revolt When Police Uproot Marijuana Plants Where Flock Grazed
Apple iPhone 5S reportedly plagued by the 'Blue Screen of Death'
Domestic Violence Groups Claim the Use of Logic by Men is Abuse
PopWatch Kanye West on Kimmel: Epic rant to clarify last rant
'Truckers to Shut Down America' Shut Down by Traffic
Straight Surrey man says he was beaten for 'being gay' - for the second time
You're still dead, court tells man
Gun Groups Sponsor 'Guns Save Lives Day' On One-Year Anniversary Of Newtown Shooting
Italian sheep angered when Police confiscate cannabis plants
An Immodest Proposal: Domestic Violence Groups Claim the Use of Logic by Men is Abuse
Mark Zuckerberg Just Spent More Than $30 Million Buying 4 Neighboring Houses For Privacy
Free Vibrator For Federal Employees During The Government Shutdown
Pig in Australia steals 18 beers from campers, gets drunk, fights cow.
Kanye West on Kimmel: Epic rant to clarify last rant
Study Shows Eating Bacon Will Make You Live Longer
Judge tells living man he's still dead
Madonna Officially Banned From The Alamo Drafthouse
Why Do Hippies Still Exist in America? • ChristWire
Selena Gomez: "I Just Don't Have A Big Enough Butt For Drake"
Police Dogs in Los Angeles Are Super Racist
Woman Arrested for 4th DUI After Calling 911 Saying She Was Too Drunk To Get Out of Car
Lonegan Aide Says Cory Booker DM'd a Stripper Like 'a Gay Guy'
Woman Sues California Pizza Kitchen For $5 Million, Shocked That Frozen Pizzas Could Be Unhealthy
Southwest Florida man denied mammogram because of gender
Bad Religion To Release Christmas Album 'Christmas Songs' On October 28th 2013
Lesus Christ! Vatican Misspells "Jesus" on 6,000 Papal Medals
In that study, women who experienced frequent vaginal orgasms were much more likely to express an interest in better-endowed guys. For women who didn't prefer vaginal orgasms, penis size was a far less pressing matter.
Video: Penguin ruins wedding day by urinating on bride's dress
Cheap Alzheimer's test made from peanut butter and ruler, researchers report
Vatican recalls Pope Francis medals after Jesus' name misspelled
Bible scholar claims Christianity invented as part of ancient Roman psy-ops campaign
Patience The Elephant Kills Veteran Zookeeper
The Globe and Mail - 'Why Political Scandals Make Better Governments"
Portland Activist Who Collected Trail Blazers Chalupa Coupons For Homeless Says He "McQuits"
Malaysian Home Minister defends 'shoot first, ask later' policy
New York Comic Con plea: Shower!
Cafeteria worker places hit on 9 year old
Man saws off own leg to avoid medical bills.
Saw Writers to Pen Disney's The Stuff of Legend
Breaking News: Americans Like Nickelback More than the United States Congress
Science Proves There Really Is An Old People Smell
25-year-old man tries to pass himself off as incoming freshman at Springfield high school
Ohio man long ruled dead appears before judge requesting his status be changed back to "alive." Request denied.
'Racist' LA police dogs only bite Latinos and African-Americans
Missouri senator to Gov. Nixon: Consider the gas chamber
Sharon Osbourne VOMITED On Talk Co-Host & POOPED Herself In Beverly Hills
Memphis Police chase ends in unexpected power pole crash
Cash-Only Mechanic Actually Pays Taxes
Exchange program gives Russians a glimpse of a democracy hardly at work
London firefighters: Don't put your penis in a toaster
Ancient Confession Found: 'We Invented Jesus Christ'
Pope recalls papal medal for spelling error: It's Jesus, not 'Lesus'
DEAD MAN WALKING: Legally dead dad must stay that way even if he's technically alive
Police chase ends with squad car balancing upright against power pole
At the Values Voter Summit, the Tea Party's vanguard defended the shutdown to social conservatives, including a comparison of their fight with Obama to an ancient battle between Christians and Muslims.
Rick Santorum: Contraception Mandate Is A 'Descendant Of The French Revolution'
Pat Robertson Compares Transgender People To Castrated Stallions
USPS may destroy 'unsafe' stamps
Miley Cyrus dancer speaks out on VMAs performance: I walked out of rehearsal 'shaking and crying'
Sarnia driver claims he put alcohol in his ears to determine how Jesus restored hearing to the deaf
Living Man Told He Is Legally Dead By Court
Democrats Are Winning -- Must Be Time To Cave, Say Democrats
BBC sign language interpreter sacked for 'changing the news'
Naked 'Sasquatch' attacks deer hunter.
5th Ave Mall Evacuated after Bear Spray Discharged | Local News - Home
Dr. Ben Carson Making Waves Again: Obamacare 'Worst Thing Since Slavery'
'I lost my virginity to an alien holographic at the age of FIVE': Labour politician appears on TV to defend his claims of encounters with extra-terrestrials
1.2 Million American Non-Jews Feel 'Jew-ish'
Iran arrests 'network of homosexuals and satanists' at birthday party
Pop "Racism": A Different Kind of Buzz - Alternative Right
Air Canada loses woman's dog, sends email suggesting it's no big deal
World's most frequently stolen piece of art gets a facelift
Iraqi Gay men's rectums are glued shut and they are force-fed laxatives and water until their insides explode
5th Ave Mall Evacuated after Bear Spray Discharged
Jamaica - Motion to decriminalise ganja passed in the House
MasterChef runner up found dead; Joshua Marks "believed he was possesed by the spirit of Gordon Ramsay, transforming him into God"
Tuscaloosa man scores 28-inch curly fry at Arby's
Saudi Arabia's Women Driving Ban: Doctor Dismisses Cleric's Claim That Driving Hurts Ovaries
Biologist discovers new tick species inside his own nose
You're still legally dead, judge tells Fostoria man
Jack Spade Jerk-Off Protest Promises To 'Fill The Streets With Semen'
McCann Melbourne Made Up a Word to Sell a Print Dictionary
Two injured in Moon explosion
Man bitten by rattlesnake in Broward County while helping turtle cross I-75
TV ad puppets electrify Israeli gay rights debate
Research Finds Outright Grants of Cash Are Surprisingly Effective Form of Aid to the Poor
Burnt toast forces airport evacuation
Gozitan farmer fined €1.7 million for not registering sheep
Strip club accused of hiring 14-year-old dancer
Sausage ceasefire may not end war between China's noodle kings
Stopping Bank Bonuses Could Breach Human Rights, Warns Bank Of England
Man kills his wife because she closed the ketchup bottle too tight
US punk band film porn film on Westboro Baptist Church's front lawn
Fifth Grader Is Convicted in Murder Plot
Eating popcorn in the cinema makes people immune to advertising
White House used recycled name cards for GOP meeting.
Baby Elephant Cries For 5 Hours After Mom Attacks, Rejects Him
The Moscow restaurant only hiring twins
Man's first plane ride ends in baseball-bat attack
Man Hires 'Assassin' to Kill Son's WoW Avatar
Denver planning to make SMELL of marijuana illegal even though it's perfectly legal to buy it in Colorado
Study: Four out of five killer games players too fat for rampage
Man fakes his own kidnaping so he can go drinking all night with friends
Vatican withdraws Pope Francis medals after spelling Jesus' name wrong
Cats away! Artist turns his dead pet into flying helicopter after it is killed by a car
Lou Holtz blames Stanford's loss to Utah on midterms
Boy dies after masturbating 42 times
Banksy sells original paintings worth £20,000 for £38 each in New York stunt
Many in G.O.P. Offer Theory: Default Wouldn't Be That Bad
Customers devastated after Wendy's destroyed by fire
Oliver Stone, the man who made "Scarface", denounces Breaking Bad finale as "ridiculous", too violent.
Waitress Receives $10,000 As Tip After Racial Slur
Yakuza member charged with trespassing after chasing boss's cat.
Cops Give Seattle Stoners Special Doritos
Why Do Hippies Still Exist in America?
Researcher stumbles upon possible new tick species inside his own nose
Malaysia court rules non-Muslims cannot use 'Allah'
Georgia conservative group wants to revive the KKK
Llwchwr Town Council considers colour photocopier
Anti-Semitic Elmo pleads guilty to blackmailing the girl scouts.
U.S. Judge fines himself $50 after phone rings in court
Sarah Palin and Ted Cruz lead shutdown protest at war memorial
Brazilian cat caught in prison break plot doesn't rat on accomplices (VIDEO)
37st man forced to pay for two seats on jet from Ireland - finds they are rows apart
Hipsters Distance Themselves From Deep House Claiming It Is "Too Popular"
Woman stabs boyfriend in eye after he refuses to have threesome
Drunk American Led Cops on a Chase to Buy Time to Finish His Big Mac
Bashar al-Assad jokes that he 'should have won the Nobel Peace Prize'
Drunk Driver Swerves To Miss Goat, Hits Three Instead
Jealous Saudi Husband Divorces Wife After She Kisses Horse In Photo
Stopping Bank Bonuses Could Breach Top Bankers' Human Rights, Warns Bank Of England
Research finds that giving money to the poor reduces poverty.
Declared Legally Dead, as He Sat Before the Judge
Iran reportedly to send another monkey into space | Fox News
Pope Francis to sell off his Harley Davidson
Drunk guy leads cops on chase so he can finish his Big Mac [x-post /r/news]
Drunk guy leads cops on chase so he can finish his Big Mac
Israel lobby group counters Palestinian dispossession with-- Jewish creationism
Bus fare is $2, but you can't use a $2 bill
Rich hedge funders to poor: We feel your pain
The sad tale of the lollipop man who was told he couldn't high-five anymore
Hooked on chicken nuggets: Girl, 17, who has eaten nothing else since age TWO rushed to hospital after collapsing
Xi'an officials leave building in middle of highway
Michelle Obama-inspired physical activity stamp series raise safety concerns
Wife of Palestinian prisoner pregnant after sperm smuggled to Gaza
Walmart Shelves Emptied in Food Stamp Shopping Spree
Somali pirate 'Big Mouth' arrested in Belgium: Undercover sting nets the notorious Mohamed Abdi Hassan after enticing him with promise of making a film of his life
Britney Spears espouses Marxist theory of labour as value
Advert for 'reliable' worker 'rejected' by Jobcentre would be offensive to lazy people
Malawi: Drums and vuvuzelas 'more useful than phones'
Bashar al-Assad: The Nobel Peace Prize should have been mine
Ted Nugent Cuts His Hair, Hints At Presidential Run
Price of donuts upsets man, threatens Spokane clerk with syringe
Polish town tears down statue marking the rape of millions of German women by Russian soldiers
GOP Rep. Mick Mulvaney Says Obama Is Acting Like His High School Girlfriend
Woman faces impaired driving charges after a smash-up on Temperance Street.
Girl Disciplined for being a designated driver
boys get paid, on average $3 more pocket money than girls
GOPers eye Donald Trump for governor run
Russia Responds to Anti-Migrant Riots by Arresting Migrants
Man Spends 40 Years Building Giant Kinetic Carnival Rides to Advertise Family Restaurant in Italy
Assad says Nobel peace prize "should have been mine"
Evil Elmo' who spouted anti-Semitic bile while dressed as Sesame Street character is jailed for $2million plot to blackmail the Girl Scouts
Ex-Israeli Soldier Denounced on US Campus for Not Raping Palestinian Women
'Metástasis' is a 97 percent pure 'Breaking Bad' remake
North Dakota Tops List of Best US States for Young Adults
Mo Ibrahim African leaders prize unclaimed again: The world's most valuable individual prize - the Mo Ibrahim prize for good governance in Africa - has gone unclaimed yet again.
Eating popcorn makes people immune to cinema advertising - study
Man flips out over price of ranch packet
Grief-Stricken Town Grapples with Devastating Wendy's Fire
Hot Mom Defends Herself Against Facebook Haters
POLL: AMERICANS DIVIDED OVER WHAT WILD ANIMAL THEY WOULD LIKE TO SEE CONGRESS MAULED BY
In China, Being Retweeted 500 Times Can Land You in Jail
This NSFW fanfic snoops on Edward Snowden's fictional sex life
Infamous Somali Pirate Lured Into Custody With Promise of a Starring Film Role
Boys get paid more pocket money
Suspected Somali pirate lured to Belgium by fake film advisory role, arrested
New Yorkers Forgot to Kill Each Other Last Week
Libya Turns Zoo into Detention Center for Illegal Immigrants
Rogue kangaroo creating havoc at Bundaberg airport
Lollipop man quits after council tells him to stop giving children high fives | UK news
'Breast ironing': Girls 'have chests flattened out' to disguise the onset of puberty
Malaysian court rules use of 'Allah' exclusive to Muslims
Fox Exclusive: US Army Defines Christian Ministry as 'Domestic Hate Group'
Malaysian Court: Non-Muslims Cannot Call Their Gods 'Allah'
Hairy-eared rose bush vandal a thorn in side of police
Eddie Guerrero returns after eight years of "playing possum"
Indian elephant eats Australian bridesmaid at Thailand wedding
Advert for 'reliable' worker 'rejected' by Jobcentre
House Republicans Schedule Obama Impeachment Hearings
Japan's Fukushima Industries have unveiled a new mascot. Named none other than 'Fuckuppy'.
New Yorkers charging tourists $20 to view new Banksy graffiti work
German man forgets bride at road stop on honeymoon
NYPD cop to Mister Softee vendor: 'blow me'
"Film deal" lands Somali pirate in custody
A Fox Is Living on the White House Grounds and No One Can Catch It Because of the Shutdown
NHS director dies after operation is cancelled four times at her own hospital
Drunk Chicagoan Can't Remember How He Was Shot
Russia Has Banned Selena Gomez Because The Country Fears She's Too Gay-Friendly
Revenge Porn Now Illegal In California
GOP Congressman Who Slammed Democrats For Fundraising Over Shutdown Is Fundraising Over Shutdown
Swedish multimillionaire slapped with $130,000 speeding ticket - because he's rich
China swaps pandas for uranium in trade deals
Fukushima attempt at rebrand - Fukuppy - gets lost in translation
Public figures get sloshed to prevent drunken driving
$20 for a bottle of water? Your water sommelier will bring the menu right away
China offers pandas for uranium in trade deals
HIV-positive Ohio priest accused of soliciting sex at park with poppers in SUV
Man Flies Into Rage After Being Asked to Pay For Third Tub of Ranch Dip
Manu Ginobili lost his NBA contract in a freak bird attack
NSA complains that it has access to too much data. Actually.
Manu Ginobili's contract got lost in a bird attack
Fukushima Co. Names New Mascot 'Fukuppy'
Finally, Wine Exclusively for Cats
Fukushima Industries unveils its new mascot: Fukuppy
Local Witch Says Thompson Park Vortex Is Real
Man arrested for donating meth to Thailand flood victims
Movie Outfit Asks Google to Censor Its Own Trailer, IMDb and Reviews
18-foot-long 'sea serpent' found off California coast
Airline apologises for 'I am gay' message on customer's luggage
Edward Smith, Man Who Has Had Sex With 999 Cars, Ready To Commit To VW Beetle
Former Babbitt, MN Fire Chief Indicted for Setting Forest Fires
Man who had SEX with over 1,000 CARS has now settled down with a Volkswagen Beetle
Man Has Had 1,000 Lovers, 999 of Which Are Cars
Sadhu [Indian godman] dreams of buried gold, government starts digging
A team of Archeology experts from the Indian govt. will dig for gold in UP village after godman dreams of buried treasure
Russian scientist photographs the soul leaving the body at death
Americans try to get Germans to drink... beer
Fun Breast Cancer® Awareness™ Products That Can Cause Breast Cancer®
School punishes teen who helped drunk friend
Tea Party Candidate Greg Collett Explains Taking Medicaid For His 10 Kids While "Adamantly" Opposing The Program
Americans' interest in hemorrhoids has skyrocketed
Chris Kaman hurts finger while tobogganing at Great Wall of China
Apparently This Matters: Billionaire uses flip phone
Google's new gesture patents could let Glass users 'heart' things in real life
Edward Snowden NSFW Erotic Fan Fiction Exists
Senate Gets A Dose Of Scolding With Its Morning Prayer
The Latest Chinese Beach Craze - Face-kini
Judge bans Peruvian town's annual cat-eating festival
Spy-shy: Mugger thwarted by 'NSA intern' on Capitol Hill
Unemployed man runs girlfriend off road for taking video game system, while driving her porsche
Fukushima Corporation unveils new mascot with an unfortunate (but hilarious) name
Unemployed man runs girlfriend off road for taking his video game system
"Chinese Food", the The New Hit Internet Song. Get down, get down!
Man rather go to jail than argue with girlfriend.
Manu Ginobili's New Contract with Spurs Got Lost During Offseason Bird Attack
Bride had sex with groomsman by error, charged him with rape
Denver moves to make smell of marijuana illegal
Police: Weymouth Bank Robbers Searched Internet For Tips On Robbery
Flu vaccine scheme halted over fears of Muslim parents
Eating Bacon Is Ruining Your Sperm
Virginia Governor Candidate Ken Cuccinelli Is Amazed God Hasn't Punished America For Abortion
X-post from /r/media: O'Reilly and Goldberg attack CNN and ABC for "tailoring" the news.
House Republicans Sing 'Amazing Grace' As Their Latest Plan Dies
Oreos Are as Addictive as Cocaine: College Study
Beijing's Amusingly Phallic New Skyscraper
Just when you think things couldn't get any worse for Fukishima: Firm unveils new mascot called 'Fukuppy'.
Meet Fukuppy, the inadvertent Fukushima mascot.
Adam DeVine Of 'Workaholics' Sings National Anthem At Dodgers Game
North Andover High Punishes Teen For Giving Drunken Pal Ride Home From Party « CBS Boston
College study finds Oreo cookies are as addictive as drugs
Father shoots son to death over football
Program to educate seniors about how to get around town
Rand Paul Proposes Reopening Just Enough of Government to Hold New Hearings on Benghazi
Los Angeles Toilet-Themed Restaurant Serves 'Bloody Number Two'
Biologist finds possible new species in his own nose
Jellyrish Are Taking Over the Seas, and It Might Be Too Late to Stop Them
A Ghost Was Haunting Ke$ha's Vagina
Swedish kids test better in English than Swedish
Mostly-White Ohio Suburb Gives In, Allows Mostly-Black Bus-Riders Into Community
Rogue kangaroos invade airports
Fox News: 'In Washington right now Democrats = teenagers, Republicans = adults'
Britons 'ate frogs' legs millennia before the French'
South Korea introduces 'Gangnam Style' tourist police
Woody Allen: Many critics of Israel motivated by anti-Semitism | JPost | Israel News
Jellyfish are taking over the seas, and it might be too late to stop them
'Fukuppy' firm rethinking mascot after internet ridicule
How to Annoy the NSA: Adopt the Highway to Its "Secret" Data Center
Fifty Shades of Grey Actor Quits Movie after Reading Fifty Shades of Grey
Vanilla Ice lives with the Amish, enjoys decorating and building houses
Small Tax On Pacemakers Threatens To Blow Up World Economy
Jack-In-The-Box Customer Gets Violent over Rand Dip Fee
TV preacher Robertson sees GOP as too extreme
Never drink alone, because now there's wine for cats!
Emergency Alert For Palo Alto Firefighter Pancake Breakfast Draws Complaints
Naked Florida man fatally shot by passing motorist after having clothes stolen.
App could allow troops to call in airstrikes [xpost-/r/military]
App could allow troops to call in airstrikes
PETA Tells Washington Redskins To Keep Name, Change Logo...To A Potato
Iranian man to be executed again after he is found alive in morgue
Middle School Students Caught With "Liquid Meth"
Delaware Celebrates: First Person Finally Enrolls in Obamacare
Oreos are as addictive as cocaine, study says
Addicted to Oreos? You truly might be
Fight over stolen bong ends in stabbing at Langley elementary school
So far as we can determine, peanut butter has no effect on the rotation of the earth.
Bachmann: House could impeach 'dictator' Obama for his offenses
'Ex-gay' therapy advocates threaten Va. colleges over lack of resources
Student-faculty research shows Oreos are just as addictive as drugs in lab rats
Doctor banned from Miss. high school for berating child w/ racial epithet sues for having rights violated
North Andover High School athlete Erin Cox suspended for acting as designated driver
Boston Atheists Tell Oprah To Stop Relabeling Atheists
Oreos the Next Target in the War on Drugs
Check out this Game Of Thrones Spoof Trailer
Madonna's Boobs Look Like A Butt
Indian Man Finds His Way Home 26 Years Later with Google Earth
MBTA: Bus driver rescues BPD bomb robot
Tina Smart's Dumb Decision: Streetsboro woman with 5 Prior DUIs - 19 Action News|Cleveland, OH|News, Weather, Sports
Kangaroo hops through terminal, shuts down part of Melbourne Airport
German Groom Forgets Bride at Gas Station
Ashton Kutcher is TV's highest-paid actor
Alleged bank robbers' Google search: 'What happens if you rob bank?'
Ted Cruz: 'Washington Establishment' Resusing to Listen
Melting arctic sea ice, commonly attributed to burning fossil fuels, is opening up new prospects for oil drilling.
Study: Oreo Cookies As Addictive As Cocaine
Oreos as 'addictive as cocaine'
Study shows that Oreos are as addictive as cocaine
PETA Suggests Washington Redskins Keep Controversial Name, Change Logo to Potato | Daily Blend
Sexual assault and drinking: Teach women the connection.
Turkish students 'only joking' over Nazi salute at concentration camp
AMC Orders Arm-Wrestling Reality Show
Cory Booker breaks promise to help with raccoon infestation
Injured kangaro hops into Melbourne airport andmakes for the pharmacy
Hezbollah: We have captured an Israeli 'spy eagle' in Lebanon
Hillary Clinton given parking ticket while collecting diplomacy award in London
Special needs student in South Carolina suspended for bringing bomb drawing to school, Mom says
nd Lulu Chang shared a link. The Best Rape Prevention: Tell College Women to Stop Getting So Wasted
Restaurant customer flies into 'ranch rage' when asked to pay for dip
Oreo cookies can be as addictive as cocaine
The Best Rape Prevention: Tell College Women to Stop Getting So Wasted
Law School Grad Gets Boot Camp in Vegas Bird Death
New Ballet Brings Hacktivist Collective Anonymous to the Stage
Obama on 'Coolest' Job Perk: Anybody in the World Will Answer My Call
Pope to Auction Harley Davidson Motorcycle to Benefit Homeless
Tea Party Republican Defends Being on Medicaid While Opposing Medicaid.
Cleveland Browns fan lists QB job on Craigslist
Russia's Jewish Flag Is Not Gay, Kremlin Expert Says
No, Oreos Aren't as Addictive as Cocaine
Chevron Sues Rainforest Communities It Contaminated
Woman gives birth to son in McDonald's - immediately names him Ronald
Oreo cookies just as addictive as cocaine, morphine; study says
'South Park' Episode Sidelined by Power Outage
Daniel Radcliffe: 'Gay sex, especially for the first time, is really painful'
Britain's most read paper reckons Deus Ex: Human Revolution cybernetic eyeball is real
Happy reads? McDonald's to put 20 million books in Happy Meals
Florida man sets self on fire while setting up burning cross display
Otherwise Respectable Man Devours Massive Piece of Brie on Subway
House Republicans Hold Hearing on Why Their Shutdown Shut Things Down
Public Opinion Toward Tea Party Hits Low Point
Snoop Dogg Rebrands as 'Snoopzilla' for Album With Dam-Funk
PETA has idea for new Redskins logo
Pornography-filled emails sent to Deltona city leaders
Flesh-Eating Drug Gains Popularity.
Snoop Lion, Formerly Snoop Dogg, Now Wants to Be Called Snoopzilla
Upstate mom: Special needs son suspended for drawing bomb
Florida man lights self on fire while decorating for Halloween with burning cross
It's official Snoop Lion changes, name again to "Snoopzilla"
Ginobili's Contract Lost In Rare Bird Attack
Manu Ginobili's Contract Was Stolen By a Bird in Argentina
Tahiti FA now awards 1 point for losses to "prevent sadness"
Elderly woman unaware she was sharing her home with 20,000 bees
Woman named Crystal Metheny arrested for assaulting a police officer
South Park Finally Misses a Deadline Due to Power Outage; New Episode Will Not Air Tonight
During The Vote, A House Stenographer Was Removed From The Chamber After Screaming About Freemasons
Wisconsin Snuggle House Might be a Brothel
Montana health employee punished for hiring paranormal team to catch office ghost
Dr. Manny: America's obsession with 'The Walking Dead' is hurting our society
Serbian woman sees the world upside-down
Amateur performers botch up John Cage's 4'33"
"Robotic Clouds Will Provide Shade During Qatar World Cup" (TIME.COM)
House stenographer sent for mental exam after floor rant: 'Praise be to God'
Police smell meth, raid home, kill 80 year old man, find no meth.
Elvis impersonator helps nab shoplifter | CharlotteObserver.com
Blind chicken brought back to life with CPR after drowning
Man sprinkled fiancee's ashes at LensCrafters; Florida mall evacuated - cops
Phallic-shaped bush in Windsor park work of vandals - Windsor
Bad Black Arrested in Rwanda
Police chief: 64 Cleveland officers broke rules in shooting
Krokodil: Flesh-eating 'zombie' drug may be in U.S.
Halloween Dead Body Decorations Prompt Neighbours To Call The Police
Ohio woman charged in theft of $2.87 from fountain
Former librarian claims she was fired for talking too loudly to police
Conservative Catholics are concerned about the new Pope's approach "He is calling every single one of us to love our neighbor as ourselves, which is a really hard thing to do"
Drone Service Delivers Textbooks to Students in Minutes
USATODAY.com - Penis pump judge gets 4-year jail term
An orphan goes to church and asks someone, anyone to adopt him
Gruesome Halloween Decorations Terrify Neighbors into 911 Call
The Cleveland Browns replace a guy with torn ACL with guy with torn ACL
Biggie Smalls Too Fat to Have Corner Named For Him, Committee Member Says
'Motorboating for Breast Cancer' Campaign Promotes Douchebag Awareness
Stenographer Snaps, Rants on House Floor
Want a Piece of a Star Athlete? Now, You Can Really Buy One
Man survives failed execution, Iran will try again 'once medical staff confirm his health condition is good enough.'
2 convicted killers mistakenly released from Florida prison
Animal Rights Activist Saves Wrong Sheep from Slaughterhouse
Biden greets returning EPA workers with muffins, words of encouragement
Facebook Eases Privacy Rules for Teenagers
Biden Greets Returning EPA Workers: 'I Brought Some Muffins!'
Jealous Saudi husband divorces wife after seeing photo of her kissing horse
Blind winner of The Voice releases autobiography, I Didn't See That Coming
China: Founding Fathers Would 'Turn In Their Graves' If They Witnessed This Political Brinksmanship
House Stenographer Seizes Microphone In Bizarre Rant
Is Obama Our First Gay President?
Anthony Weiner: 'I'm Just An Empty, Soulless Vessel'
Journalists Call for 'de-Americanized World' Provokes Alarm in U.S., Fart Jokes in China.
Biden Greets Returning EPA Workers with Muffins
Fantex to offer Arian Foster stock
BBC News - Florida prison mistakenly releases two murderers
Man Arrested After Throwing Parrot at Cop: Police
The $150 haircut that got me laid!
Mythical yeti 'could be descended from ancient polar bear'
On Eid eve, 3 bakras (goats) abducted at knifepoint; probe on
Freshman girl gives oral sex to freshman boy in the cafeteria during lunch. on a dare.
[real headline- National Post] The question on everyone's mind: Why does Edmonton smell like poop?
Michael Bay Attacked By A Man With An Air Conditioning Unit On The Set Of "Transformers 4"
This just in: Congress votes to do its job
Single woman wishing for a knight in shining armor throws fake wedding for herself. Knight in shining armor shows up.
'Zombie' attacks Michael Bay on 'Transformers 4' set
Idaho tea party candidate Collett skewered for having 10 children on Medicaid
PETA urges Hamburg to change name to Veggieburg
Louis Vuitton Thinks Their Bags Aren't Expensive Enough
Is Obama Our First Gay President? The PolitiChicks answer.
16-year-old can of soup in EPA fridge
Local law enforcement officials search for sex
Fake, dead bodies in Halloween display look so realistic, woman calls 911
Confused GOP Lawmaker Thought Debt Deal Funded Joseph Kony
Body of baby found in teen's bag at Victoria's Secret in Herald Square
Uzbek first daughter links sister to sorcerers in feud
GM's Mary Barra to staff: 'No more crappy cars.'
Christian Group Says Christians Can't Support Govt. Helping Poor People (Audio)
Idaho tea party candidate criticized for having 10 children on Medicaid
The question on everyone's mind: Why does Edmonton smell like poop?
New legless lizards found in California
Body of baby found in teens bag at Victoria's Secret
Fox News guest blames Missouri teen: 'I'm not saying she deserved to be raped but...'
Reporter Asks 'Gravity' Director Alfonso Cuaron What It's Like to Film in Space
870k Toyotas recalled for spider-related problem
Pennsylvania teacher on heroin passed out in class, police say
TSA now warns of arrest for 'remarks or jokes' about airport security
Man covered in hot sauce arrested for assault
Australian ambassador John McCarthy helps start official Vatican cricket club in Rome
Man in hot water after urinating in town's water supply, forcing them to dump millions of gallons
Hezbollah claims endangered eagle 'Israeli spy' after shooting down bird with university research band on its leg
U.S. used nonexistent Mexican law to deny citizenship
Al Gore tried to buy Twitter
Michael Bay reportedly attacked by zombie-like brothers with air conditioner
Native Americans Declare War on Fracking. Canada Declares War on Native Americans. Updates.
Man charged with assaulting police officer with a parrot.
NYPD: Teen Found With Fetus In Bag At Store
Florida mistakenly releases two murderers.
Toilets bloom on Augusta lawn in protest of Dunkin' Donuts zoning denial
Wal-Mart worker Fired for helping assaulted woman
U.S. had plans to nuke the moon
Michele Bachmann Wants to Ban Halloween Stating, "Sucking on Satan's Candy Sacks Leads to Liberalism"
College Women: Stop Getting Drunk
Birdbrain: Man Arrested For Throwing Parrot In Face Of Pursuing Police Officer
8th grade basketball player commits to UT
The Sistine Chapel Has A Problem, And It's You.
Man Gets Ticket For Not Riding In Bike Lane, Films Himself Crashing Into Things In Bike Lanes.
Japan Gets Anti-Radiation Swimwear and Underwear
Goats snatched in Delhi on Eid eve
Kevin Harold Brann Leaves Anal Plug In Cop Car During DUI Arrest
Mum blended McDonald's meal for her baby
Students and parents want Playboy-posing Spanish teacher, 21, back in classroom
Chinese couple sold baby to pay for iPhone
Chinese Couple Accused Of Selling Their Daughter To Buy An iPhone
GOP lawmaker voted against debt deal because he thought it funded Joseph Kony
Man Called 911 Over One Cent Beer Overcharge
Security guard at midtown Victoria's Secret discovers dead fetus in bag of apparent teenage shoplifter
Halloween decoration too scary, neighbors complaining and fire rescue services called.
Chile powder hazmat incident affects dozens.
NYPD cops confused Jolly Rancher candies for crystal meth.
Teenage shoplifter found to be carrying dead fetus
Walmart Worker Fired After Helping Woman Being Attacked
Police officers waste £600,000 of taxpayers' money putting wrong fuel in cars...despite talking fuel caps designed to warn them
Ireland still 'a lucrative place for pimps'
Woman denied benefits because she didn't want to work in a brothel
Halloween House 'Too Spooky' for Children
What America learned from the government shutdown
Cruz Plans to Read Affordable Care Act
Math Proves Bacon Is a Miracle Food
Teen Had Dead Baby in Bag at Herald Square Victoria's Secret
Tea party leader proposes 'class action lawsuit' against 'homosexuality'
Dead baby found in teen girls bag
Schwarzenegger Plans to Change the Constitution, Run for President
NK repainted civilian jets to make them look like military aircraft for a parade.
Courier carrying pot into prison is caught in Moldova _ and it's a cat
L.A. has gone eight days with no homicides, police data show
We Need A Class Action Lawsuit Against Homosexuality
Man Gets Arm Stuck in Toilet Trying to Retrieve Wedding Ring
The EPA Found A 16 Year-Old Can Of Soup In Its Fridge, Thanks To The Government Shutdown
China achieves wireless Internet access via lightbulbs
Cannabis cat on drugs run collared at Moldova
House Stenographer Dragged Off Floor Yelling About Freemasons And God.
Husband forgets wife on honeymoon
Cat Caught Carrying Marijuana Into Moldovan Prison
Woman Tells Mugger She's An NSA Intern, Mugger Runs Away Read more: Woman Tells Mugger She's An NSA Intern, Mugger Runs Away Read more: Woman Tells Mugger She's An NSA Intern, Mugger Runs Away Woman Tells Mugger She's An NSA Intern, Mugger Runs Away
Cops: Man stuffs pants with grocery booty
Arnold Schwarzenegger mounting legal challenge to run for President
Teen Had Dead Baby in Bag at Herald Square Victoria's Secret: Police
Bay Ridge Man Terrorized By Haunted Lawnmower
Elon Musk to make a real-life transforming submarine car from the Bond movies
Al Gore Tried To Buy Twitter After 'Copious Amounts' Of Wine And Tequila
Wolfram Alpha adds a wealth of Siri-accessible Pokémon info to its database
The Creator Of 'Space Invaders' Is Terrible At 'Space Invaders'
Chinese couple 'sells' baby daughter for iPhone
Morrissey's Autobiography is nearly a triumph, but ends up mired in moaning
Farndon Parish Council orders Sudoku grave to be removed
Tea Party Unity Leader Calls for 'Class Action Lawsuit' Against Homosexuality
UK POLICE CALLED OVER STRING OF 'GINGER ATTACKS' ON RED-HAIRED CHILDREN
Tea Party Leader Wants to File Class Action Suit Against Homosexuality
Tea Party Group Founder Calls For Class Action Suit Against Homosexuality
Was Jesus a Roman Hoax to Trick the Jews?
Cleveland Browns sign player with torn ACL to replace player with torn ACL
Dianne Feinstein's Bragging About NSA Surveillance Program May Finally Result In It Being Declared Unconstitutional
Al Gore Got Drunk One Night In 2009 And Tried To Buy Twitter
Police called in to school over 'kick a ginger kid day'
Hezbollah Shoots Down Endangered Israeli Eagle--Calls It a Spy
Spiders force Toyota to recall 800,000 vehicles
Space-born Jellyfish Hate Life on Earth
Ethiopia sets sights on stars with space programme
Religion Bashing Lady Gaga to Shoot Holiday Special with the Muppets
Drunk driver says he was just trying to prove Jesus right
Judge sends 'King of Germany' to jail
Furloughed Worker Returns, Immediately Asks for Vacation
Two Killers Accidentally Released From Prison in Florida
Rick Scarborough, Tea Party Leader, Suggests Class Action Lawsuit Against Homosexuality
Cheney Feared Heart Device in Assassination Effort
N.Y. man arrested, charged with trying to join al Qaeda
Cheney feared terrorist heart attack
Teen caught shoplifting with dead baby in her bag
9-year-old gains unlawful entry to water park, steals a car, and now evades security, boards a plane, and flies to Las Vegas without a ticket
Three men face felony raps after toppling ancient rock at Utah state park and cheering
Federal air marshal took up-skirt photos of female passengers: charges
Internet sensation 'Papa Smurf' dies, other blue people live on
Who Are We at War With? That's Classified
IBM unveils computer fed by 'electronic blood'
Tea Party leader demands class action lawsuit against homosexuality
Fearing assassination, former VP Cheney turned off heart monitor's wireless function
Circus ordered to remove posters because woman with clown phobia complained.
Pedophilia Advocate to Address Ontario Teachers
Dick Cheney feared assassination by heart-device hack
Indian leader fulfills long cherished dream of sleeping on a bed of cash.
Gal finds success as a male model
NYPD Mistook Jolly Ranchers For Meth Rocks
How to get caught: Robber posts incriminating pyjama-clad 'selfie'
Halloween house decorations are 'too spooky'
Cloud of chile powder causes N.M. hazmat situation
Lessons from Rand Paul: 'Misinformation can be very important'
House Stenographer, In Bizarre Outburst, Rants About God and the Devil; Says the Holy Spirit Made Her Do It
Police officers waste £600,000 of taxpayers' cash putting wrong fuel in cars... despite talking fuel caps designed to warn them
22 Tons of Fake Beef Seized in China
Robbers caught by cartoon pyjamas.
Most epic read of our time? It's not classics Beowulf or War and Peace but Google's terms and conditions, say scientists
Edmonton grocery store employee sickened boss in peanut-butter plot
Nintendo Shuts Down Recreation Of Original Super Mario Bros. For No Reason Other Than It Can
Kim Kardashian does not qualify for a star on Hollywood Walk of Fame, says landmark rep
Cheney Had Heart Device Disabled To Prevent Terrorists From Sending Fatal Shock
PSA: Thrift Stores Cannot Resell Your Giant Bags of Weed
33-Year-Old Man Spends Nearly $100,000 for Plastic Surgery to Look Like Justin Bieber
State Department Employees Cleared to Watch WikiLeaks Movie
Meet The 33-Year-Old Man Who Spent $100,000 On Plastic Surgery To Look Like Justin Bieber
Kanye West Punches Woman Who Doesn't Recognize Him on the Subway
Stamford man charged with receiving pot by mail, again
Argentine commuter train slams into station, again
Robert Michelson Arrested After Asking Cops About Growing Pot
Man arrested after asking cops about growing pot
Belgium plane crash kills 10 parachutists
Dark Matter (Steam, $15) ABRUPTLY ends 4 hours in b/c the devs ran out of time/money.
Circus posters taken down after someone says that they're afraid of clowns
Ke$ha electrocutes herself while grinding on power tool
Tea Party Group Leader: File 'Class Action Lawsuit' Against Homosexuality
Detroit government is unaware that their new $404 million prison project is being demolished
Detroit government unaware that their new $404 million half-finished prison project is being demolished
White Women With Black Hairstyles Redefine Corporate America
Gunman in clown suit kills senior Mexican drug cartel member
Justin Bieber's Strip Club Night -- 'HE TOUCHED MY ASS' ... I Almost Fainted
Dick Cheney had the wireless function on his heart device disabled, fearing terrorists might use it to kill him.
Seattle thrift store finds 2.5 pounds of marijuana in donation bin
Cheney feared heart device would be used in assassination effort.
Iranian man survives execution by hanging, sent to hospital to recuperate for re-hanging
Man Rides to Wedding Atop Elephant
Gun Rights Advocates Hold Rally at JFK Assassination Site
Chinese couple sells babies for iPhones and shoes, authorities say
Bieber lets his hair down in Texas strip club
Tesla's Elon Musk buys 007's sub to make it real
63 Cops Suspended after 137-Bullet Car Chase Ends with Two Unarmed People Dead
This Giant Asteroid Could Hit Earth Within 20 Years So YOLO
Rick Santorum blames "Will & Grace" for gay rights
Mexican drug lord shot dead by clown assassins
131 Years After Death, Dostoyevsky Undergoes Criminal Check in Russia
Facebook's Zuckerberg looks to preserve privacy, buys surrounding houses
Berrien County woman drowns after being pinned by lawn mower
Tea Party Leader Rick Scarborough Proposes 'Class Action Lawsuit' Against 'Homosexuality'
Men's Wearhouse CEO blames lousy results on unlucky 13
Dick Cheney altered implanted heart device to prevent terrorist hack attacks
Americans Increasingly Turn To Selling Body Parts
Michigan Wal-Mart worker fired for helping assaulted woman
Bacon and beer unite in a NASCAR special milkshake.
Spain to Tax Sunshine
Gunman dressed as clown kills Mexican cartel leader
Drake: 'I'm sick of people saying I'm lonely and emotional'
Kentucky: Atheists face 12 months in prison for disbelief
Man Undergoes Extensive Plastic Surgery To Look Like Justin Bieber, Spends $100,000 In 5 Years
Obamacare is Punishment for Slavery?
NSA Hacked Email Account of Mexican President
Mayor of Alaskan Town Is a Cat
French bank apologizes after posting picture of squirrel's testicles
Chinese Can't Understand Why The French Work So Little
London firefighters urge 'common sense' after penis freed from toaster
Police arrest men thinking Jolly Ranchers were crystal meth
Atlanta Stripper's Lawsuit Claims She Was Fired For Being Pregnant
Google Patents 'Heart-Shaped Hand Gesture'
Port Matilda, PA mayor: Vote for someone else
Woman Died from Doing Meth, Crawling into Her Freezer
Florida man accused of beating girl to the beat of Robin Thicke's 'Blurred Lines'
New Zealand schoolchildren encouraged to dress up dead possums in competition
Uruguay plans to sell three marijuana cigarettes for a dollar
Cleveland Browns Fan Posts Quarterback Position on Craigslist
Bloomberg appreciates high heels at a party for someone who makes high heels
Breastfeeding juror busted for bringing baby to court
WTF Florida? Water Pistol Attack Lands Woman in Jail
Urban Outfitters' Co-Founder Is Building A College Campus
RFK may have swiped JFK's missing brain
Woman mistakes cheese for cocaine, hires hitman (x: /r/todayilearned)
Sons Of Anarchy Shirt Confuses Police
New US Navy ship will be commanded by Captain James Kirk
Bolving: Stag mating call mimic contest held on Exmoor
Brave young hipster publicly labels his uncle Kim Jong-un a dictator
Sexy women breathe new life into coffin making business
Jesus joins Kanye West on stage
Americans Sign Petition to Support "Nazi-Style Orwellian Police State"
Justin Bieber fan Toby Sheldon, 33, has $100k of plastic surgery to look like his idol
FOX NEWS: Television zombies are the reason for Americas violence issues
Woman called for a medical response after fiancé took too many pills, police arrive and shoot him
Cops in Sweden warn thieves: Stolen safe doesn't contain money, but rather ten kilos of gunpowder
HOME>INTERNATIONAL Gunman Dressed as Clown Kills Former Mexican Drug Lord
Gunman Dressed as Clown Kills Former Mexican Drug Lord
Book: Sad Hedge Fund Billionaire Paid $100K To Have Guy Fieri Be His Friend For A Day
Lawyer Tries To Start Social Media Movement By Posting Nude Pictures Online
Cheney Reveals Fear of Pacemaker Hack
Steve Cohen paid $100K to become Guy Fieri's friend
GOP Politician Tweets the Transgendered 'Should All Be Put In a Camp'
Facebook lets beheading clips return to social network
Asian-American band blocked from trademarking 'The Slants'
Former Bush Official: We Went Into Iraq Because 'We Were Looking For Somebody's Ass To Kick': Report
Shocking video shows that college students may actually enjoy drinking alcoholic beverages.
Family at war with cemetery over 6ft 7,000lb SpongeBob SquarePants headstones they had made for soldier daughter 'murdered by her boyfriend' on Valentine's Day
Call of Duty Players 'Aren't Hardcore Gamers', Says Infinity Ward
Family, cemetery at odds over pair of granite SpongeBob headstones
Ann Coulter: GOP Being 'Ripped Off' By 'Hucksters, Shysters' With Egos
Two Arrested in Brawl Over Prize Tickets at Chuck E. Cheese
Rumor Circulates That Danny Brown Got His Teeth Fixed, Rapper Says It's Not True
Snowden Offers to Fix Healthcare.gov
Guy Fieri Paid $100,000 by Hedge Fund Billionaire to Be "Friend for a Day"
New reccord for longest scarf knitted while running a marathon
Police: Man possibly wearing Darth Vader hoodie robs comic store
Former Bush Official: "The Only Reason We Went Into Iraq Is We Were Looking For Somebody's Butt To Kick"
Truthers Are Skeptical of the Woman Who Fainted at Obama's Speech
2 arrested after brawl at Chuck E. Cheese's in Lincoln Park
These Cats Are Mules: Kitties Smuggle Goods Into Prisons
Novel approach to hair growth employs infant foreskins
Nation That Waited Decades for Health Care Infuriated by Slow Web Site
Berks County Man Calls Police To Report Stolen Strawberry Jell-o
Lonely? Now you can get drunk with...your cat. Thanks Japan.
Kanye West is selling Confederate Flag t-shirts
Parent Files Bullying Complaint After Son's Team Loses 91-0
Runner in Kansas City Marathon knits record-setting scarf more than 12 feet long
Man sentenced to seven years in prison for biting neighbour's penis.
Facebook Is Lifting Its Ban on Decapitation Videos
Toothless man jailed for 8 years for gnawing on neighbour's penis
Experian sold consumer data to identity thieves' service
How Experian Sold Consumer Data To Popular ID Theft Service
Virginia Paper Endorses 'None of the Above' for Governor
Cruz: Senate Republicans are 'single-most damaging thing' for the GOP in 2014
Iraq war veteran's Spongebob gravestone removed
Dawn of Autonomous Corporations, Powered by Bitcoin
Mario Cuomo, Vocal Foe of Italian Stereotyping, Finally Sees 'The Godfather'
Right-wing pastor: Girl Scouts are wicked and their cookies promote lesbianism
Tea Partier Suggests Class-Action Lawsuit against Homosexuality
New line of underwear filters out farts
'Terminator' on hold? Debate to stop killer robots takes global stage
Russia's Top Breast-Feeding Expert Arrested for Running a Cult
6-foot alligator forces Walmart to lock doors
Meeting set on Iraq vet's SpongeBob gravestone
Lawmaker: Students wearing gay-straight T-shirt at elementary event a 'failure' by Nixa Schools
Turkey's first online Islamic sex shop opens
Assad sees 'no obstacles' to re-election bid in 2014
Would-Be Suicide Bomber Killed by Unexpected SMS From Mobile Carrier
Man acquitted of sex with BART seat
Judge sentences teen to 10 years of church
Baldness cure a step closer using circumcised foreskin
President's Speech Defending Obamacare Nearly Kills Innocent Woman
Live Animals Being Sold As Key-Rings In China
Groom who halted own wedding with bomb hoax jailed
Florida woman forgives Ex for stabbing her 32 times.
Parent Accuses Football Coaches of Bullying After 91-0 Win
America's obsession with 'The Walking Dead' is hurting our society
John Boehner: "I just let that shit roll off my back."
One-armed teen commits to University of Florida basketball team
Liverpool man forgets to book wedding venue - Makes bomb hoax in attempt to cover his mistake
Fukuppy, Fukushima Industries new mascot, is branding disaster.
Iraq veteran's SpongeBob gravestone removed
Facebook changes policy to allow users to share videos of beheadings
HHS brings in Verizon to help HealthCare.gov
SpongeBob Headstone for Iraq Vet Removed
Kevin Swanson Begs You Not To Buy Communist Lesbian Girl Scout Cookies
Meeting over SpongeBob gravestone
Young People in Japan Have Given Up on Sex
Congress to close down, fly Air Force planes to Florida for funeral of Rep. C.W. Bill Young
Taxpayers foot £350k legal bill for Muslim pubic hair battle
Study: What You Would Be Doing If You Spent Less Time Online
Woman Almost Faints During Obama Speech
Xbox Fight Leads Man To Bite Penis "Like A Sandwich"
Runner in KC Marathon sets knitting record
Orlando man arrested for punching police horse
Billions of insects are having gay sex 'accidentally' say scientists
Bacon, beer consumed in Burglary
SpongeBob headstone removed by Ohio cemetery
Shameless Staring At Boobs Is Good For Your Health, According To Science
Groom jailed over wedding day bomb hoax to try to prevent bride discovering failure to confirm venue | UK news
Bird poop coffee is the new trend in poop coffee
Maybe Cristiano Ronaldo shouldn't hold a boys underwear competition
Judge harshes pot dealer's mellow by refusing him one last joint
Kanye West Is Actually Selling Confederate Flag T-Shirts, And We're Not Amused (PHOTOS)
64 Year-Old Woman Sues Over Destroyed Virtual Item Worth $28,000
Art thief says robbery was too easy, threatens to sue museum
Local cops really excited about their terrifying new tank
Onion story on Redskins name uses racial slurs
Vatican launches cricket club, challenges Anglicans
Berlin dogs overdosing on drug users' excrement in parks
Most Americans Are Totally Cool with Smoking Weed at Gay Weddings
68 year old shoots 22 year old caught in bed with 63 year old wife
Channeling Mitt Romney: Maine gov says 47% in his state don't work
Oreos May Be As Addictive As Cocaine
Cemetery denies SpongeBob monuments for slain Army sergeant
Groom jailed over wedding day bomb hoax to try to prevent bride discovering failure to confirm venue
Metallica: 'Bands could buy our leftover riffs. We have spares...'
Vets: Dogs overdose on drug-user poop
Macja "kontrabanduese" e drogës (Video) "Cat arrested smuggling drugs on its collar at Moldova jail (Video)"
Men With Smaller Testicles Are Better Fathers, Study Says
Woman jailed in squirt gun attack
Facebook lifts ban on beheading videos
Parents who return home early to find their teenage girls hosting a party call the cops and have them arrested.
It's Apparently Time to Start Freaking Out About Thongs
Boston Mayor Thomas Menino hops Red Sox win 'Cup'
Art thief wants to sue Dutch museum he robbed for negligence
Britain's fattest man: 70st Keith - who can't sit up, wash himself or go to the loo - gives up his 24-egg breakfasts in a last ditch attempt to lose weight
Italian Police Raid Illegal Mafia Bakeries
Gallup: Legal Marijuana Is More Popular Than Almost Anything Else
Tory campaign telling immigrants 'go home' results in 1 deportee, who had read about it in the guardian
Justin Bieber fanatic undergoes plastic surgery to look like pop star: 'Belieber' Toby Sheldon spends $100,000 on doppelganger transformation - Daily News
91-0 Texas football blowout leads to bullying charge from a concerned parent
6 Foot Alligator Makes Appearance at Florida WalMart
Woman get paid to watch grass grow
Gold grows on trees.
Gold growing on trees offers a new prospecting tool.
Dogs learn to fly at Hollywood flight school
Forgetful groom halts own wedding with bomb hoax
Iraq vet's family still wants SpongeBob gravestone
TN officer fired after shooting, pepper spraying squirrel
The Dallas Safari Club Will Save the Endangered Black Rhino by Auctioning Off the Chance to Shoot One
Jeff Garcia interested in playing for the Cleveland Browns
White House Official Fired for Tweeting Under Fake Name
Poop Smell Returns to La Jolla Cove
World's Most Isolated Tree in Nigeria Knocked Down by a Drunk Driver
Artist turns his dead pet into flying helicopter after it is killed by a car
Glenn Beck: Grover Norquist 'Responsible' for 'Muslim Brotherhood Stuff' 'in the White House'
Woman Accidentally Gets Locked in Petco, Lives to Tell the Tale
Court to decide if Detroit really is broke
Ann Coulter describes the government shutdown as 'brilliant' and 'beautiful'
The Walking Dead is 'hurting American society,' Fox News doctor says with complete sincerity
Tea Party Leader Calls For Class Action Lawsuit Against Homosexuals
David Beckham inspires new branch of thought: Becksistentialism
Ja Rule 'Making Microwave Cookbook After Turning Expert In Prison'
Colorado Nonprofit Sells Obamacare As 'Brosurance' With Cringeworthy Viral Ad Campaign
What. The .Hell Tennessee cop goes nuts, fired after shooting, pepper spraying squirrel inside dollar store
Model Accused of Knifing Boyfriend After His Dog Ate Her Marijuana
In one Colombian town, women say no sex until their demands are met
McDonald's serves ballots with Big Macs
Iran Has to Decide Whether to Hang a Man-For the Second Time
Australia to Ban Tanning Beds
Cat Caught Smuggling Pot Into a Moldovan Jail
Starbucks to open 'tea bar' in New York City
If a man promises his wife he will bury her in the front yard, then he should just do so.
Iran won't try again to execute man who survived hanging
T.A. At University Of Iowa Emails Her Own Nude Photos To Class Instead Of Homework Assignment
Should Severe Premenstrual Symptoms Be A Mental Disorder?
"Professor Dumpster" Is Moving Into A Garbage Can, And Bringing His Students
Young Koreans Pass on Traditional Food, Prefer Hamburgers
Thieves shoplifting Tide, selling on black market
Cemetery removes tombstone of Iraq war, murder victim because it's shaped like SpongeBob
Dogs in Berlin are overdosing on drug addicts' feces
Woman Accidentally Gets Locked In Cleveland Park Petco, Lives To Tell The Tale
Japan's sexual apathy is endangering the global economy
700 IRS contract workers owe $5.4M in back taxes
'Teenagers Are Sexting Less' Complains NSA
Air Force officers caught twice leaving nuclear command post doors open
Napping Air Force officers left door open to nuclear command post
Gronk holding 'ladies night out' football clinic
Merkel calls Obama about 'US spying on her phone'
Google experiments with giant banner ads on top of search results
Art thief may sue museum for making his job too easy
Texas dad alleges bullying in 91-0 football game
Woman Unable To Form Meaningful Relationships Prefers Animals
Baby born inside train toilet slips onto tracks, survives
Licking boys seeded second in Frisco League
There's A Giant Purple Middle Finger Floating In Prague's Biggest River Pointed At The Parliament
Iran minister says 'no need' to hang criminal again.
Beaver Bites Man To Death: Animal Bit Through Fisherman's Artery As He Was Taking Its Picture In Belarus
Sexy selfies: The rise of the male crotch shot
Local idiot chases mountain lion up tree. Yep this happened.
'Joker,' Gets Drunk Driving Charge After Crashing Through Trees
Audio: McDonald's Tells Its Employees to Sign Up for Food Stamps
Florida woman arrested for squirt-gun attack on boyfriend
Jody Putnam Kicked Off Police Force After Shooting Squirrel At Dollar Store
Ja Rule Wants to Write a Microwave Cookbook
3 students hurt when cop's gun discharges at school safety demo
Japan says space cannon to be fired at asteroid is on track after successful test
NYPD arrests black teen for buying $350 belt.
Despite Chris Brown's boast, 8-year-old cannot say yes to sex
Vatican suspends 'bishop of bling'
2 and 3 year old die in fire, aunt just worried about her food stamps burning up.
Ja Rule wants to put out a cookbook of all his prison microwave recipes
Mexican clowns deny costumed killer of drug trafficking boss belonged to their profession
Select seven to hold 'Internet reboot' keys
HELP University awards honorary doctorate to Kim Jong-Un
Most Breast Milk Sold Online Is Contaminated
Man, 33, Has Surgery to Look Like Justin Bieber
Black NYC teen arrested for buying designer belt at Barneys
Japan plans to blast a hole into an asteroid with their new space cannon
Real Clowns Distance Themselves from Clown Assassin
UPDATE: Man falls after chasing mountain lion up tree.
Ja Rule Became an Expert on Microwave Cuisine in Prison, So Now He's Writing a Cookbook
Pastor: If You Buy 'Lesbian' Girl Scout Cookies, Communists Will Take Over
Sheldon Adelson, Republican Mega Donor, Wants To Nuke Iran.
Greg Hunt uses Wikipedia research to dismiss links between climate change and bushfires
Virginia Man Says His Graffiti Is Art, Neighbors Disagree
Man visits doctor for abdominal pain, discovers he is genetically a woman
Mexico clown convention rejects cartel killing link
Chomsky: The Internet is full of people who can't read and want to talk about sandwiches
Teen Sues Barneys & NYPD After Cops Arrest Him For Buying $350 Belt: Gothamist
Occupy 'pepper-spray cop' awarded $38k settlement
Police Officer Who Pepper-Sprayed UC Davis Protesters Awarded $38,000 Settlement
When Will the Royal Baby Realize He's the Royal Baby?
Child's Birthday Cake Attacked in Washington Courthouse
Buying NFL Player Arian Foster's 'Stock' More Gamble Than Investment, Financial Advisors Say
UC Davis pepper-spray officer awarded $38,000
Gamer who bit neighbour's penis 'like a sandwich' in Xbox row jailed for seven years
Inspector in drag faces 'unnatural sex' plaint
McDonald's helps workers get food stamps
Belgian sport pigeons caught using cocaine [Dutch article]
FamilyVoice Australia sends press release saying gay marriage will confuse tradies
North Korea may have secretly engineered computer games to launch mass cyber attack
Mystery hum keeping people awake may be love-making fish
In Order To Save Black Rhinos From Extinction, This Safari Club Is Auctioning Off The Chance To Kill One
Ja Rule wants to write a microwave cookbook based on meals he made in prison
Mysterious hum blamed on fish.
Earth's most isolated tree, the only one around for 250 miles, was knocked down by alleged drunk driver
My wife is available to all, says man
Mexico clown convention condemns fancy-dress drug cartel killing
Sen. Feinstein's Proposed Bill Would Incriminate Anyone Speaking Against NSA's Spying and Courts
Woman who 'cannot work because of a shoe allergy' sees benefits stopped
No, Japanese People Haven't Given Up on Sex
Jobless mother claimed £100,000 in benefits because she's allergic to SHOES
Tracy Kenny allergic to SHOES has not been able to work for 20 years due to painful sores and blisters
Mum on benefits for 20 years claims 'shoe allergy' means she can't get a job
West Midlands Police using stop and search powers on primary school children
International Clown Convention deny involvement in killing of drug cartel leader
Catholic League outraged that imam costumes don't come with erections
Gay and lesbian asylum seekers asked to 'prove' their sexuality
Italian team Rioveggio paint faces black in misguided attempt to support anti-racism
Cows gone wild: Feral cattle scaring hikers in Chino Hills State Park
Underground Tesla coil static vacuum thing could suck up smog or zap it out of the sky or something
The Moon Has Faster Transfer Speeds Than Any Country On Earth
Researchers have finally worked out where the noise that makes kettles whistle actually comes from - a problem which has puzzled scientists for more than 100 years.
Infamous California pepper-spray cop awarded $38,000 in worker's compensation
Source: Rams called Brett Favre
Pet Chickens Can Now Safely Cross the Road With These Amazing Reflective Vests
Iraqi Scientist Proves The Earth Is Flat and Much Larger than the Sun
The Royal Mail's Underground Rail Network May Be Reopening
The 'Cheap' iPhone Isn't Selling Because It Doesn't Make Anyone Jealous
'Astonishing' amount spent on case
Sarah Palin Claims Jesus Celebrated Easter
Policeman tries to get rid of squirrel at Dollar General but ends up losing his job
By 2019, Humans Will Be Outnumbered By Lego Minifigs
Spain snaps-up disused 'Go Home Vans' to rid Costa Del Sol of 'annoying English'
UC Davis Pepper Spray Cop Awarded $38,000 in Damages
Brooklyn restaurant that demands you eat in silence will give you the douchechills (video)
Chinese businessman pays model Mo Lulu 100,000 yuan (30,000$) to breastfeed him
Calif. officer who pepper-sprayed student protesters awarded $38,000
Seattle uses eminent domain to turn a parking lot into a parking lot
Herman Cain: The Devil Was Behind Sexual Harassment Allegations
Obama wants Marines to wear 'girly' hats
This new app encourages kids to combat sexting with silly memes
High School Football Player Kicked Off Team, Suspended Over Poem
Mexican clowns deny connection to costumed killer of drug trafficking boss
Norwegian hunter's bullet misses moose, hits man on toilet
Lady bodybuilder says steroids gave her a big ol' penis
Mosquito reppeling high frequency app killed 88 year old man.
Virginia Woman Rides Horse to DMV to Get License Back
Jacksonvile Mayor Alvin Brown loses passport, trip to London delayed.
Pepper-spraying UC Davis cop gets $38K worker's comp
Brett Favre flattered, not interested in St. Louis Rams
Italian soccer team paint faces black in misguided attempt to support anti-racism
Italian soccer team paint faces black in calamitous anti-racism protest
Texas Mom Ripped Off Son's Scrotum and Then Superglued It Back On
Metallica Announce Antarctica Gig
Man calls cops after his Jell-O is stolen from office fridge
Mom Accused Of Gluing 6-Year-Old Son's Genitals After Ripping Them In Rage
Texas mom ripped off son's scrotum then superglued it back on
Indiana teacher fired, accused of taking students to strip club
Art student will lose his virginity in front of an audience for project
Sarah Palin: "We need to return Easter back to the way it was when Jesus was alive... Easter celebrates, y'know, sticking it to all the liberal lefties out there who want to be taking our guns and our freedom"
Study: Simon & Garfunkel Tune Eases Chronic Pain
Website hunts 'sexy' rabbis
Mother jailed for ripping off son's genitals, gluing them back on.
A Ukrainian boxer known as "Dr. Ironfist" announced Thursday he plans to run for the country's presidency in 2015.
Cop who doused students with pepper spray gets $38,000 in compensation for emotional suffering
Rogue cows menace hikers in Calif. state park
'The Pornography of Meat': School offers course exploring connection between misogyny and meat
New study shows 76% of women have never been ASKED about domestic violence in a medical exam
Infamous Pepper Spray Officer Wins Thousands in Compensation Case
Woman batters sleepy Swede with mackerel
No Murders In New York City For A Whole Week!
Data file on Healthcare.gov offers Star Wars, Transformers characters
Prison for cat killer
Gay art student will lose virginity in live sex show
Former NSA chief learns the other side of eavesdropping thanks to a Twitter user
Sitting Target: Norwegian hunter misses moose and accidently shoots man on toilet
The Pepper-Spraying Cop Got a Bigger Payout Than His Victims
China Killed Your Dog. Are You Next?
UK Student To Lose Virginity In Live Gay Sex Show For Art Project
Nigerian ambassador demands Ted Cruz apologize for joke that "Nigerian email scammers" built the government's health care exchange website
Rams ask 44 year old Favre to come out of retirement.
Rams ask 44 year old Favre to come out of retirement and finish the year.
Clowns say killing is no laughing matter
Jennifer Marie Vargas Allegedly Tore Son's Scrotum And Tried To Repair Genitals With Superglue
Mom superglued injured son's genitals
A former Melbourne lawyer who used the name Max Power, Homer Simpson's alter ego, to claim the first home owners' grant has been jailed for five years.
Man builds Ikea wares to find friends in Sweden
Attorney General Against Underage Drinking Fails To Stop Underage Drinking While At Underage Drinking Party
Racing Pigeons Are Given Cocaine And Painkillers Before Competing
Living Wallet Runs + Screams When You Try to Overspend
Even Athlete Animals Cheat: Racing Pigeons In Belgium Are Having A Serious Doping Scandal
Real Street Photographer Documents Virtual Life in GTA V
Lions S Delmas forced to give up pet alligator
So Emma Thompson Thinks Dancing With Prince Charles Is "Better Than Sex"
CONGRESS SPENDS SEVERAL HOURS PRETENDING TO UNDERSTAND INTERNET
Prevented from using Facebook, Maharashtra girl ends life
Texas parent files complaint of bullying after son's high school football team loses 91-0
South Korea suspects North attacking it with free games
Tony Blair: Pain, passion and empathy - what I've learned about peacemaking
Nigerian-Americans demand apology from US senator over distasteful remarks - DailyPost Nigeria
Florida Woman, 19, Arrested For Water Pistol Attack On Her Boyfriend
GOP asked tech founder and ex-fugitive McAfee to diagnose Obamacare website.
Bill Gates wants to rename Real Madrid's stadium Santiago Bernabeu Microsoft
UK soccer fan gets year in jail for punching police horse
Former NSA Director Isn't Too Thrilled About Having His Private Conversations Tweeted
Mosquito repelling high frequency phone app kills 88 year old man
I did not cut my baby's umbilical cord for 6 days so we could have a natural "lotus birth" just like chimpanzees.
Seattle Seizes Private Parking Lot to Build New Parking Lot
Planet To Stop Turning For Sixty Minutes This Sunday Morning, Warns Astronomy Ireland
Bird lover shoots at duck hunters in WI ...
Man Wants To Date Woman Who Ended Up With His Stolen Phone, After Pictures Of Her Landed In His Dropbox
The American Mustache Institute Has Issued A Cease & Desist On All Obnoxious Red Sox Beard Jokes
Md. Schools Give 'No Twerking' Contracts for Dance
World of pigeon racing rocked by doping scandal
Former spy chief overheard giving off-the-record interview from Acela train (Fellow passenger tweets details as former CIA and NSA director Michael Hayden 'bashes' Obama administration)
Ex-NSA chief spills secrets while riding Amtrak
In A Blackout, Survey Says That Americans Want Superman, Pitt, Bourne And Bond
Gay Student To Lose His Virginity In Live Sex Performance For Art
European Leaders Accuse U.S. of Violating Trust
Lili's blind date turns out to be her father in law Wang Pai, husband Wang Jai is not happy
Feeling unhappy, try Orwellian Venezuela: Maduro creates the "Supreme Happiness" office
Teenager to lose virginity in front of an audience in name of 'art'
Anthrax Threat at an OC Bank Causes a Scare--Turns Out It Was Just Poop
Vikings fan who refused to shave beard until team won Super Bowl dies at 83
NC GOPer Who Called Blacks 'Lazy' Uses N-Word To Defend Himself
Man accused of biting a woman's butt in Athens bar
3D-printed gun seized in Manchester is actually spare printer parts (xpost /r/technology)
3D-printed gun seized in Manchester is actually spare printer parts
NFL cheerleaders: Gratuitous sexism or all-American fun? - CNN.com
Teller County man claims he threw away gold to keep it from his wife during divorce
Twenty guinea pigs killed in Mission Hills fire
Nude Women Show France Another Side Of Britain
Procol Harum insist they are not to blame for terrorism in Nigeria
NFL Player Logan Ryan Fined $10,000 for Grabbing Crotch During Touchdown
Fish sex keeps Hampshire, England residents awake at night
'Spy Rocks' Could Be the Military's New Secret Weapon | Danger Room
NSA site down due to alleged DDoS attack
The Pentagon's Report On The Importance Of Not Classifying Everything Is Redacted
Longtime fan who vowed to not shave beard until Vikings won the Super Bowl dies
Iran's New Drone-Like Guided Missile Is Held Together With Duct Tape
Textbooks at Houston charter schools use existence of Loch Ness Monster to disprove evolutionary theory
Texas hunters to auction permit to kill black rhino
Iowa College Says Squirrel Vandalized Bicycle
Meet Mr. Balls, Brazil's Disturbing New Testicular Cancer Mascot
CDC: More teens smoking flavored tobacco
Drug dealer smushed by his own weed
Alex Stepanov, Russian Man Who Auctioned Virginity For $2,600, Thought About Pulling Out
Mexican Clowns Distance Themselves From Costumed Killer
Despite strong intolerance of gays, Pakistan leads in world for gay porn searches
Ace Frehley Highest-Paid Guitarist in the World
Pregnant Woman Forced Into Drug-Treatment Program Despite Being Drug-Free. Only Her Fetus Got a Lawyer.
Many of the techniques pioneered by slave owners in the 1800s are widely used in business management today.
Vince Young doesn't know why his phone isn't ringing
'It's sad': Mexican clowns distance selves from drug lord's slaying
Giant chicken crosses the road -- and drivers say they didn't see it
Woman Rides Horse to DMV in Protest of Poor Service
Mom Get's Arrested, Fetus Gets Lawyer
Waiter's 'Excellent' Service Not Enough to Overcome His Gayness
Colombian mother sold 12 daughters' virginity, police say
Fix-A-Flat Butt Doctor Pleads Guilty (x-post /r/Floridaman
As Europe erupts over US spying, NSA chief says government must stop media
Avocado Fans Don't Understand What Ted Cruz Has Against Avocados
6th-Grader Has Worn Same Aaron Rodgers Jersey for over 1,000 Straight Days
Kim Jong-un awarded honorary economics doctorate
North Korea's Kim Jong Un gets economics doctorate
19 year old art school student to have anal sex on display as a part of his project for college.
Spread no more: Denmark bans marmite
Chinese students caught selling human flesh diet
Kenyan police free gang rape suspects after making them clean yard
Bucks-Raptors game called off due to slippery floor
Georgia man runs into burning home to get beer
Man says dollar store tricked his family into leaving Houston
Earlie Johnson's Stolen Porn Collection Replenished By Porn Companies
Tweeting bra: A bra that sends tweets every time it is unclasped
Don't Have People in Blackface at Your Birthday Party | VICE United States
Wisconsin Woman Kicked Out of Hotel After 9 Years
The Government wants to teach all children how to code. Here's why it's a stupid idea.
Chinese farmer Zheng Yanliang regrets cutting off his own leg
NSA Chief Blasts Reports For Reporting On Domestic NSA Spying, Likens United States Citizens Concerned With Privacy & Constitutional Rights To Children Who Don't Want To Take A Bath
US Executions Threaten Supply of Anaesthetic Used For Surgical Procedures
Chinese students caught selling human flesh diet pills
Black teen sues over arrest after buying $350 designer belt
Venezuela government creates 'happiness agency'
Georgia man runs into burning home to save beer
Woman accused of burning cat in Facebook video arrested
Squirrel caught vandalizing Estherville, Iowa, professor's bicycle
Norwegian hunter misses elk, hits man on toilet instead
Man runs into burning Columbus home to get beer
Pigeon racing rocked by doping scandal as Belgian birds are found with traces of painkillers and cocaine in their system
$400K pigeon tests positive for cocaine
Art Student Plans To Publicly Lose Anal Virginity
Pigeon Sells for Record Breaking $400,000
Police in Pa. Say Trail of Fries Led to Suspect
Residents can dispose of unused, unwanted drugs at 8 Spartanburg County locations Saturday
India struggles with onion crisis
"Ferret in a Brothel": Just One of the Masterpieces on Display at the Museum of Bad Art
Cheap Gucci belt & bags Outlet Sale.Free shipping,Free tax
Prostitute stabs man in shoulder after he denies her services in Flint
Polyamory: When three isn't a crowd
Bad blood between Toronto zombies, says run organizer
Why we should actually build the Death Star
Is Apple a Better Drummer Than Ringo Starr?
Online 'Halal' sex shop opens in Turkey
A Texas hunting club said Friday it aims to raise up to a million dollars for endangered black rhinoceroses by auctioning off a permit to kill one in Namibia.
Shameful and insensitive has reached a boiling point
Letter Q legalized in Turkey
PETA Member Traumatized By Pokémon, Sues Nintendo for Emotional Distress
Metallica announces Antarctica tour.
Former heads of state call on EU to set up state surveillance of 'intolerant' citizens
Mysterious floating barge in San Francisco Bay could be secret new Google Glass facility
English Defence League set up Spanish ex-pat division.
Pope Francis pictured with Sunderland shirt ahead of derby
Meg Lanker, Feminist Who Threatened to 'Hate-F*ck' Herself, Cops a Plea Bargain
Man sees bank customer with gun, gets arrested himself
A man turned himself in to the police after his computer was infected with ransomware that displayed a fake FBI warning accusing him of possessing child pornography, because he actually had a hard drive full of child pornography and thought he had been caught [x-post from /r/TIL]
Texas Hunters Will Kill Endangered Rhino In Attempt to Save Them All
Florida Friday: Man arrested for shoving pregnant girlfriend blames Obama
North Carolina church plans Halloween Bible burning
12-year-old boy admits to hacking government sites for Anonymous
Wet noses to the touchscreen, iPads go to the dogs (NY dog trainer teaches dogs how to use iPads)
Wind turbine brought down in high winds
Tory MP Says Russell Brand Is A 'Twat'
The Indian Prime Minister is spy-proof, has no email or cell phone to hack
The Indian Prime Minister is spy-proof, has no email account or mobile phone to hack
Student to lose anal virginity in front of audience for art project
Welding for new fire escape caused Yuengling brewery fire
Lakewood woman concerned about note left by a neighbor: Pick of the Blotter (cross-post /r/tumblrinaction)
Wisconsin man brutally attacks Hebrew speakers for speaking 'Spanish'
Gay British artist to lose virginity in front of audience, but hasn't told parents yet
Giant mirrors bring winter sun to Norwegian village for the first time in its history
Authorities investigate if cornbread was spiked
Let there be sunlight! Norwegians bring sunshine to town using giant mirrors
Touching pregnant ladies' tummies now illegal in Pennsylvania
Britney Spears music blasted out by merchant navy to SCARE off Somali pirates
Customers Praise Server's Excellent Service, But Refuse to Tip a 'Fag'
Britney Spears Music Is Secret Weapon In War Against Somali Pirates, They Can't Stand It!
Britney Spears songs used to scare off pirates in Somalia
McDonald's to stop serving Heinz ketchup
Patent troll asks judge for gag order to silence opponent
PETA member traumatized by Pokemon, sues Nintendo for emotional distress
'Men are scared by uncontrolled naked women'! ...?? As a Man, I think we need more uncontrolled naked women.
Texas hunting group offers to save endangered rhinos by auctioning off permit to kill one
College teaching assistant e-mails nude pics to class
Extensive Pile of Noodles Produces an Emotional Reaction
A British Town's Insomnia Could Be Due to Loud, Horny Fish
Janesville man charged with hate crime after punching Hebrew speakers
Threatened Grand Rapids student: 'That lunch lady is giving kids a dollar to beat me up'
Government officials in Tehran order billboards with anti-US sentiment to be taken down
'Save the Rhino' benefit auction features chance to kill one of the endangered animals
12-year-old Canadian boy admits to hacking police and government sites for Anonymous in exchange for video games
Man saves family from burning house, goes back in to save Bud Light
Britney Spears music is being successfully used to deter Somali raiders from boarding ships in the horn of Africa.
I don't care if I can see you, you're still dead..
SKorea returnees hoped for better lives in NKorea
Somali terrorists terrified of Britney Spears
Europe should be grateful for NSA spying, Rogers says
First national fire hydrant toss event held in Aargau
Fox ate two Tower of London ravens - and came close to bringing down the monarchy
Mother almost pulls off six-year-old son's penis
Dick Cheney cancels Toronto trip, says Canada is too dangerous
'It keeps the French safe': US lawmakers defend spying
Ore. School Board Votes to Allow Staff to Pack Heat at School
Meet The Florida Men Who Got Dressed Up As George Zimmerman And Trayvon Martin For Halloween
Britney Spears Songs Being Used to Scare Away Somali Pirates
NSA says Obama didn't know Merkel's phone was being bugged
Nate Burleson gets a year's worth of DiGiorno's after pizza-related car accident
LOVEINT: When NSA officers use their spying power on love interests
'No Woman, No Drive': Saudi women battle to take the wheel
Tucson school board lifts ban on Latino studies books
PE Stretching Raises Religious Concern
UN Mulls Plan to Defend Against Earth-Demolishing Asteroids
Person Advertising 'Lost Unicorn' in Columbia Heights Really Wants a Date
Dallas safari club auctioning a chance to shoot an endangered rhino to raise money for endangered rhino conservation.
Britney Spears songs used to scare off Somali pirates in Africa
Dr. Jong-un: University gives North Korea's dictator economics PhD
United Nations to Adopt Asteroid Defense Plan
Man goes into burning home to save beer
Stretching the definition: Yoga religion in N.M. schools?
Bad Weather Committee Hearing Hit By... Storm
Texas rodeo clown struck TWICE by lightning during 'Rednecks with Paychecks' event
The UC Davis Pepper-Spraying Cop Gets a $38,000 Settlement
Storm puts East Sussex bin collections on hold
Georgia man ran back into burning house to save beer
Police: Oklahoma City man burns Bible, destroys apartment because of high 'homosexual demon'
NFL defends nonprofit status
Reduce working week to 30 hours, say economists
Avios Mix up Sees Woman Fly to Grenada, not Granada
McDonald's dropping relationship with Heinz ketchup due to new CEO's ties to Burger King
Transformers versus triads of Hong Kong: The Sequel
David Cameron: newspapers which publish Snowden secrets help terrorists who want to 'blow up' families
Texas 'Save the rhino' fundraiser auctions off rhino hunting permit
Curly Fries Trail Leads Cops to Groping Suspect in Pennsylvania
Travel Agency For Stuffed Animals Sends Toys On Vacation
Man on a cane rushes back into burning house to save beer
At GOP Event Ted Cruz Hailed As Right-Wing Jesus
Tom Jones sex bombs Tel Aviv | Jersualem Post
Butte, Mont., Bristles at Possible Curb on Public Drinking
Man stabs himself 50 times and throws intestines at police
9/11 Suspects Can't Mention being Tortured during Trial Testimony because Their Torture is Classified
Techie kills self after tiff over wedding photos on FB
Chinese man goes to hospital, finds out he's woman with ovarian cyst
Slow speed Houston police chase ends in driver's arrest
Transporting a spacecraft to the launch pad in India
Mom accused of smuggling meth in Bible
Gun Shop Raffles AR-15 to Raise Funds for Veterans Affected by PTSD
Breaking: Shep Smith Yells at Waitress
Young People in Japan Have Stopped Having Sex
Dallas identity thief convicted after eating debit card to conceal tax fraud
BBC News - Russia: Hidden chips 'launch spam attacks from irons'
Jacko Doctor's goal: sing like Mike.
Conrad Murray, Michael Jackson's doctor, eyeing singing career, says ex-bodyguard
Texas hunters pledge to save endangered black rhinos by killing one
Palaeontologists explain how T. Rex and other dinosaurs had sex
Russia: Hidden chips 'launch spam attacks from irons'
Grand Junction robber pepper sprays woman, steals her monkey
Local Pastors of Mega-ish-Church Buy Scandalous Lunch at Cheddars
Dinosaur Sex Experts Concur That Animals Mated Front To Back
Tyrannosaurus XXX: Revealed, how 30-ton dinosaurs actually had sex
Miley Cyrus: 'I'd rather be naked in front of people than cry in front of people'
To avoid profiling, Jay-Z advises black youth to just be famous
Pastor Defends Controversial 16,000-Sq.-Foot House: 'Everything We Have Comes From God'
Tom Jones sex bombs Tel Aviv
Airline booking mix-up sends granny to Grenada instead of Granada
Wife posts wedding pics on Facebook, husband hangs himself in protest
'We're Really Screwed Now': NSA's Best Friend Just Shivved The Spies
Israeli arachnid named for Lou Reed
Chinese construction company thinks it can build 2,750 ft building (would be tallest in the world) in 90 days
Gur bans yeshiva students from eating soy based products because it can lead gay sex
Obama May Ban Spying on Heads of Allied States
Britney Spears Music Used To Scare Off Somali Pirates
Man cited for attack on tree
Gamers More Numb to Pain, Others' Misery, Say Scientists
Obama talking about warrantless wiretapping in 2007.
Squirrel drops nut, looks absolutely devastated (X-post from /r/funny)
Loud fish sex being blamed for keeping residents awake at night Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/loud-fish-sex-keeping-residents-night-article-1.1495241#ixzz2j6RiVlF0
'Big black ghost' lands many factory workers in hospital
L.A. fights plague of garbage in central city neighborhoods
Snowden offers to fix federal insurance website.
Ikea Debuts Mänland, a Daycare for Men While Women Shop
Telegraph Contributor Says Coding Is For Exceptionally Dull Weirdos
Teenage Girl In India Hangs Herself After Parents Tell Her She Can't Have A Facebook Profile
Royal Mail: man makes own 'silly' stamps featuring his own face and sends letters for free
Royal fail: 'Anarchist' creates freepost system with his own stamps
The Jonas Brothers announce breakup.
Double Lightning Strike Fails To Kill Rodeo Clown At Mud Race
Apathetic lament recognized as a political ideology
Angela Merkel outraged as the USA treats her like a German citizen
Nevada tea party Republican: 'Yeah, I would' vote to bring back slavery
Suzanne Somers: The Affordable Care Act Is a Socialist Ponzi Scheme (Wall Street Journal, The Experts)
Parents did not report their daughter's gunshot wound because they thought it was her period
City Sues Chili Sauce Maker Over Spicy Smell
Nevada lawmaker says he'd vote for slavery if his constituents wanted him to
Britney Spears' music used by British navy to scare off Somali pirates
'Mambo No.5' singer Lou Bega 'receives tons of condolences' following death of Lou Reed
Rand Paul Plagiarized Speech From Wikipedia, Rachel Maddow Says
Gold Class lane to be introduced on road between Dubai and Abu Dhabi
Britney Spears' Music Used to Drive Away Somali Pirates
R Kelly may have hired impersonator R Jelly to perform in his place this weekend, who then came on stage 3 hours late.
Join /r/Worldsatire for oniony stories that are against the rules here.
Navy's giant, stealthy new destroyer gets hull wet
Uber Offers to Bring Kittens to Your Office Today
Hotel from "The Shining" Planning to Build Over a Pet Cemetery
Terrifyingly Creative Christopher Walken Rex Finally Finished
Ranking the College Ranking Rankings
Depressed bachelor cuts off penis then CYCLES to hospital for treatment (while forgetting the severed organ)
Katy Perry to 'naked' female pop stars: 'Put it away'
Pet Cemetery To Be Dug Up at Hotel That Inspired 'The Shining'
Cleveland State Law Profs File Unfair Labor Practice Charge: 'Satanic' $666 Merit Pay Raise Was Retaliation for Union Activities
Chris Hadfield ejected from movie theatre for loudly heckling Gravity
Chris Hadfield: "Dinosaurs are extinct because they didn't have a space program"
Science confirms, men ogle women
Dogs Reportedly Getting High On Drug Users' Poop In Berlin Parks
'No herb is safe' from weed-stealing sous-chefs, says apt. manager
It's happening! Cat delivery from Uber today!
New Mexico legislator expresses unease about yoga
Britney Spears Songs Used to Scare Off Somali Pirates
Britney Spears' music effective deterrent against Somali pirates
Man buys $27 of bitcoin, forgets about them, finds they're now worth $886k
NSA official: 'We're really screwed now'
Woman wakes up after childbirth with no arms and no legs [x-post r/wtf]
Florida Man Arrested for Pushing Pregnant Girlfriend Blames Obama
Deputies: Drunken Century Man Arrested For Battery On Girlfriend, Offers Obama Excuse
Suicidal man changed his mind after filling flat with gas - but then lit a cigarette
Onion prices to come down in next 10 days, (Indian) food minister says
Woman wakes up after childbirth with no arms and no legs.
Fire at the Yuengling Brewery in Tampa started while building fire escape.
'Slow TV' a hit in Norway. Next up: 5 hours of live knitting
The ultimate weapon against Somali Pirates: Britney Spears
Minneapolis ballot for mayor. 35 candidates including Captain Jack Sparrow [IMAGE]
Madison Wisconsin man assaults two Israelis for speaking spanish; turns out they were speaking Hebrew
As teacher has painful contractions student takes selfie with her
Aeros change name to Rubber Ducks
Chinese woman arranges sex romp with mysterious online lover ...her father-in-law.
Navy ships use Britney Spears songs to frighten off Somali pirates.
Police perform "simulated drug raid" on 5th graders; child attacked by police dog
RFID Mascot Begins Nationwide Tour To Help Alleviate Children's Fears Of Implantation
Colombian woman sold virginity of 12 daughters for $200 each
Woman goes to hospital to give birth, wakes up with no arms or legs.
Bartender voluntarily leaves tech world for real-life networking
Unhappily Single Man Cuts Off Penis, Immediately Regrets Decision
Britney Spears's Songs Leave Somali Pirates Saying 'Arrr!'
Saudi women with attractive eyes may be forced to cover them up, if resolution is passed
Republican Says He Would Vote for Slavery
Saudi women with 'tempting' eyes may be forced to cover them
Nevada Assemblyman: I'd Bring Back Slavery If Constituents Wanted
Sports Journalist Told To Write Some Slop About Baseball Healing Boston /x-post/r/baseball
Weed Fairy Loose In NYC
The Sriracha Factory Could Get Shut Down. Panic?
Sports Journalist Told To Write Some Slop About Baseball Healing Boston
Man loses severed penis after FORGETTING to take it to hospital to be sewn back on
Judge Patricia Cookson Sentences Killer to Life in Prison, Performs His Wedding Ceremony Moments Later
'No herb is safe' from weed-stealing sous-chefs, says apt. manager | Portland, OR
Time to wake up: New smartphone accessory releases coffee smell with alarm
Yes, men really do ogle women's bodies
Patriot Survival Plan: Obama's Hidden Agenda, More than Just Your Guns [Video]
We Need an Invasive NSA
Britney Spears's songs are used to ward off Somali Pirates from attacking ships
Peru's Air Force Opens a UFO Office, and It's Twitter-Friendly
MSNBC's Ronan Farrow: 'The Clintons Represent Style of Honesty That Public Craves Right Now'
Britney Spears' music repels Somali pirates
A desperately lonely man who was unable to find a girlfriend decided he had no more use for his penis and proceeded to cut it off.
Depressed Chinese bachelor cuts his penis off because it's surplus to requirements then CYCLES to hospital for treatment
DreamWorks Acquires 8th Grader's Journal On How '50s Advice Guide Made Her Popular
College cancels Afrobeat band's gig because it was 'too white'
Britney Spears Music Used To Scare Away Somali Pirates
NYPD Tries To Corral Longboarders With Giant Net
Science Confirms Men Love Staring at Boobs
The days of Sriracha hot sauce may be numbered.
Small plane crashes at big airport; no one notices
Hasidic Rabbi Bans Soy Foods Because They 'Can Lead to Gay Sex'
Man enters burning house to rescue beer
Ad-Rock Owns a Minivan, Wants Kids to Get Off His Lawn
San Diego judge performs wedding, cuts cake for killer after handing out lifetime sentence
Google Earth shows phallic-looking church in Dixon, USA
Ice sales up as temperatures soar
Starbucks new drink size bigger than the human stomach
Chris Hadfield (Famed Canadian Astronaut) ejected from movie theatre for loudly heckling at new Space Thriller "Gravity" - The Beaverton
Chris Hadfield ejected from movie theatre for loudly heckling Gravity - The Beaverton
Depressed bachelor cuts off penis then cycles to hospital for treatment
Sriracha: Public Nuisance in L.A. Causing Irritation to Eyes and Throats
Uber discovers that herding cats is not so easy
Ted Cruz's Father Preaches That His Son Is An "Anointed King" Who Will Bring The "End Time Transfer Of Wealth"
Cruz: Stand your ground laws good for African-Americans
Singer Lou Bega assures fans he's still alive in wake of Lou Reed mix-up
Having Conquered Cellulite, Suzanne Somers Takes On Obamacare
La Porte mother faces jail time over pet pig
Kansas man dies slow, lonely death in Utah desert
Kim Kardashian is more influential than Michelle Obama and should be on the cover of Vogue, says Kanye West
Canadians Seek Dick Cheney's Arrest For War Crimes During Upcoming Visit
Users of Dell laptops report that they smell like cat piss
'I (heart) Boobies!' bracelet fight heads to U.S. Supreme Court
Users complain that Dell 6340u smells like cat piss
Man throws away $500K in gold to spite ex-wife
Rabbi bans students from eating soya in case it leads to increase in gay sex
CSIS busted for blowing thousands of dollars on 'wrap-around shades'
Australian loses compensation case for sex injury
U.N. diplomats talking too much? Turn off microphone, says Britain
Depressed bachelor cuts off penis because it's surplus to requirements then CYCLES to hospital for treatment (but forgets to bring severed organ with him)
Virginia candidate E.W. Jackson: Yoga leads to Satan
Noticed your new Dell laptop smells like cat urine? You're not alone
Bullet-Proof Smart Phone Saves Robbery Victim
Disorganized man forgets severed penis on his way to the hospital
Overhills High School teacher fired after allowing students to reuse needles for class experiment
Cleveland Browns line the walls at team facilities with inspirational misquotes
Facebook Knows When You're Going to Get Dumped
Ashton Kutcher joins Lenovo as product engineer
South Koreans say they fled to North Korea for better life
I'm almost asleep AMAA
Ashton Kutcher is now a Lenovo product engineer
Australian woman loses sex injury court case
This tiny fluorescent vest helps your backyard chicken cross the road safely
Britney Spears music being used as a deterrent against Somali pirates
Sun Straight Up Exploding All the Time This Weekend
Hitler officially no honorary citizen of Goslar, Germany anymore [German]
Robyn Lawley Perfectly Explains Why You Don't Need A 'Thigh Gap'.
G20 Gift Bags Contained Surveillance Tech from the Kremlin
Chinese Man Chops Own D*ck Off Because He Couldn't Get A Girlfriend, Rides Bike To Hospital But Forgets Penis
Angry Birds Dev Calls Nintendo Games "$49 Pieces of Plastic" ... but still sells a 99cent game on consoles for $40. (X-Post from /r/gaming)
Princess Diana's ghost tells Kate Middleton: You're too thin!
Britney Spears songs used to scare off 'Western culture-hating' pirates in Somalia
Could Cleaning Your Bathroom Get You Laid?
Forget Fukushima: California City Sues Sriracha Factory For Spicy Fumes In The Air That Cause Terrible Side Effects
Rabbi bans students from eating soy in case it leads to gay sex
NSA Officials Livid That White House Is Pretending It Didn't Know About Spying On Foreign Leaders
'Boobies' bracelet fight heads to Supreme Court
Vatican tweets Lou Reed drug lyrics
Rival gardeners in pitch fork street battle in the UK
Dell: No, our laptops don't smell like cat urine
SECRET DOLPHIN SPECIES reveals itself to stunned boffins
Russia denies using teddy bears, diaries and free USB keys to spy on G20 delegates
GOP leader forced to resign after Daily Show interview with Aasif Mandvi (Video)
Dell laptops 'have cat urine smell'
Driving with Google Glass could earn you a ticket
Richard Dawkins: "I'm a sucker for nice religious leaders"
Britney Spears' music used to fight Somali pirates
Woman to hand out 'fat letters' to overweight children instead of candy on Halloween
Woman to hand out 'obesity letter' to overweight trick-or-treaters
Woman Takes It Upon Herself To Hand Out Letters To "Obese" Trick-Or-Treaters
Why So Many Icelanders Still Believe in Invisible Elves
US 'spied on future Pope Francis during Vatican conclave'
Dell users get claws out over laptops that stink of cat pee
METALLICA: Yes, We Are 'Beliebers'
Woman to Hand Out Notes to Trick-or-Treaters Telling them They're Fat
New Dell laptops "smell of cat piss"
Britney Spears' music used to deter Somali pirates
University of Oxford Study: Women with big butts are smarter, healthier
Woman to give 'obese' children letters, no candy
Jailed criminal Sukha Kahlon uploads videos on Facebook for 16K fans, embarrasses jail officials
Nicolas Cage Outbid Leonardo DiCaprio for a Dinosaur Skull That May Have Been Stolen
Qatar removes Zidane headbutt statue from Corniche
Rep. Mike Rogers Angrily Defends Bathroom Spycam
Egypt's Executioner: Strangling Has Been My Hobby Since Childhood, I Just Love My Job
Green pepper in taco 'a sign' of Red Sox victory, woman says
Deep-Fried Twinkie Burger Makes Its Heart-Stopping Debut - WTXF FOX 29
This Woman Owns the Sun and Wants to Save the World's Needy
Dark Matter Experiment has Found Nothing, Scientists say Proudly
America's Spy Chief Wants to Clarify Some Stuff Jon Stewart Said
ObamaCare Site Crashes During Sebelius Testimony: "The Website Never Crashed"
Europe looks to make a big splash with toilet reform
Florida Layabout Gets Mom Arrested After She Slaps Him In Face For Being Rude Freeloader
Everton News: Tim Howard - My beard helped me save Christian Benteke's penalty
Britney Spears Songs Used As Weapon Against Somali Pirates
Guy Fieri has sobbing fistfight with his hairdresser
School axes honour roll, saying it often hurts 'self-esteem and pride' of students who don't make it
Mike Tyson tells Chris Brown to stop punching people or else
Britney Spears Is Latest Weapon in Battle With Pirates
GOP Candidate Warns That Yoga Leads to Satan
Lou Bega confirms he's still alive after Lou Reed death confusion
Goldman Sachs wants junior bankers to take weekends off
Some British voters do not know they are in EU, says electoral commission
Toddler is 1st customer at New Jersey medical pot dispensary
Charges: Two got drunk, stole bacon, ice cream from St. Paul homeowners
Sex ban for undercover cops on targets they are spying on
21st century spy games have spread to your laundry
Artificial blood made in Romania.
Undercover police to be banned from having sexual relationships with targets
'Brosurance' comes to Capitol Hill
Dell users complain laptops "smells like cat urine."
Can corporations pray? The next expansion of corporate 'personhood': the claim that corporations can have a religious conscience
REPORT: NSA May Have Spied On The Vatican During The Papal Conclave
Drunk Clown Charged With Dangling Child From Overpass
Dell locates source of cat pee smell in laptops after four months
North Dakota Woman To Hand Out Anti-Obesity Flyers To Overweight Trick-Or-Treaters
Man in clown makeup dangled child from railroad overpass
Britney Spears Deters Pirates
Dark Matter Experiment Has Detected Nothing, Researchers Say Proudly
Pope Francis shares adorable moment with little boy on Vatican stage.
'Boobies' Bracelet Fight Could Go To Supreme Court
Swedish woman accused of having sex with skeletons found guilty of 'disturbing the peace of the dead'
Man who fakes seizures to get out of dinner tab is at it again, police say
Dell: 'Manufacturing Process' Made Laptops Smell Like Cat Urine : The Two-Way : NPR
Kids Are Pimping out Kids for Sex in Indonesia
Nokia phone lost underwater for 3 months, still works
Yelpers Sue Yelp, Claim They're 'Unpaid Writers' & Want Off the 'Slave Ship'
Qatar Removes Statue of Zidane's Head Butt After Complaints
Fargo Woman plans to hand out letters to overweight trick-or-treaters
Priests Strip Down For Sexy 2014 Orthodox Calendar Shoot (NSFW-ish)
After shooting leaves 5 injured, property owner says Club Manilla is safe
Updated: Almond man says tooth found in candy bar is his own
Exploding-whale engineer George Thornton has died at age 84
CNN: "Hanging up witch decorations at Halloween is no better than wearing blackface costumes or taking a slur, like "Redskins," as the name of your football team" because it is insulting to real, live witches.
Yelpers Sue Yelp Claiming They're 'Unpaid Writers'
N.D. woman to hand out "fat letters" to obese kids during Halloween
Captain Kirk to command new Navy destroyer
Couples Say 'I Moo' to Dairy Farm Weddings
Soylent: An Offbeat Food Idea Investors Are Taking Seriously : The Salt : NPR
Soylent: An Offbeat Food Idea Investors Are Taking Seriously
New Jersey Dem Gubernatorial Nominee Blasts Sexist Republican For Calling Her A "Nice Lady"...
Christian Science Church Looks Like a Giant Dick from Space
Church looks like a giant penis on Google Earth
Norway asks parents to go on dates in effort to curb soaring divorce rate
343 French sign 'Don't Touch My Whore' petition
Norway TV broadcaster NRK airs marathon knitting
Woman becomes first person ever to get ticket for driving while wearing Google Glass
First gay couple in France divorce
Dell laptop model smells like cat urine, some users complain
Franklin County teen shot while rolling principal's yard with toilet paper
Mother give shame, not treats for Halloween
Michelle Obama takes a stab at Kanye West
Actor slits his own throat as knife switch turns fiction into reality
Qatar removes Zidane statue after outcry
Julius Erving: Braces Prevented Oral Sex, Led to Conception of Tennis Player Alexandra Stevenson
Pope Francis showcases patience after little boy joins him on stage
TV news cameras can film in some UK courts, can't be pointed at anyone interesting
Woman to hand out obesity warning letters to kids instead of candy this Halloween
Google Maps Used To Discover Penis-Shaped Church
13-year-old killed in snowmobile safety class
Katy Perry: Mick Jagger hit on me when I was 18
Western's Lifelong Learning program ending
Deep-Fried Twinkie Burger Makes Its Heart-Stopping Debut
"Chavez is everywhere": ex-Venezuelan president's image seen in subway
Gestapo Chief Buried in Jewish Cemetery
School Shut Down and Kids Hospitalized After 6th Grade Boys Spray Too Much Axe
Eleven immigrants left UK after seeing 'go home' van adverts
Google Glass user arrested while driving
Rick Perry Calls New Abortion Ruling 'A Threat to Men's Rights'
How Will They See? Saudi Women Whose Eyes Are Too 'Tempting' May Soon Have To Cover Them
Tami Erin, former 'Pippi Longstocking' star, releases sex tape to X-rated video market
Penis Amputated By Chinese Man Depressed About His Love Life [semi-NSFW]
Alaska's "Rat Island" now free of rats
Mayoral race like 'Rocky IV'
Crime in Florida: Man bites dog, repeatedly
Kenyans protest after suspects in teen's gang rape sentenced to cut grass
Transylvanian university scientists create working artificial blood
Dell Latitude 6430u Users Complain Laptop Smells Like Cat Urine
Minnesota pitcher whose career was derailed by pot gets injured from drinking too much Pepsi
Yelp Reviewers Sue for 'Unpaid Wages' | News & Opinion
Toronto Police Has Alleged Mayor Rob Ford Drug Video Showing Him Smoking Crack
This gets over 8,000 signatures on Change.org?! You've GOT to be kidding me.
Wisconsin man wearing clown makeup accused of dangling boy from overpass after Halloween party
Rob Ford: Police have video with mayor appearing to smoke crack cocaine
Infamous phallic sculptor strikes again in Windsor park
Wayne Mitchell Dies After Eating Cocaine Hidden In Brother's Butt
Justin Bieber: Budding Graffiti Artist, Leads Fresh Tributes To 'Pac' The Hamster
Samsung Galaxy Nexus: Too Big For the Human Hand?
Calgary school ends honour roll program because of hurt feelings
Police: Man ate cocaine hidden in brother's buttocks, dies shortly after
Pot-smoking moms tired of being judged by wine drinkers
Biden's niece to cops: You don't know who you're doing this to.
Cocaine-filled pumpkins seized at [Montreal] Airport
Egypt's Executioner: I Love My Job Because Strangulation Has Been My Hobby Since Childhood
Capt. James Kirk To Command Navy's New 'Stealth Destroyer'
Biden's niece: Don't you know who I am?
China mocked over massive Photoshop failure of officials visiting elderly residents [x-post from Photography]
METALLICA On Justin Bieber: "Are we Beliebers? Yes."
Rich People Think the Economy's Just Great
China mocked over massive Photoshop failure of officials visiting elderly residents
23 YEAR OLD PEDOPHILE DISEMBOWELED AFTER BRAGGING OF HIS CRIMES IN PRISON
Pedophile Disemboweled in UK Prison
Man Jailed For Overdue Library Book.
Extreme Midget Wrestling Federation raises eyebrows and body slams across the border
Canadian Cops Arrest Female Flier Carrying Pumpkins Stuffed With Cocaine
Box of shrooms accidentally sent to newspaper sits there for two months
The Roller Coaster Designed to Kill Its Passengers
PressTV - Will Israel merge with Saudi Arabia?
Chinese officials' photoshop attempt backfires
Chinese boy, 10, jumps to death 'on teacher's order'
Unruly Air Passenger Strips Nude, Challenges Pilot to a Duel, Gets Tasered
White Teen Responds To Black Critics "Worry About Finding Your Fathers"
Flipping Off Police Officers Constitutional, Federal Court Affirms
Saudi sheikh Ali al Hemki declares fatwa against manned missions to Mars
The Sriracha Factory Will Stay Open, A Grateful Nation Weeps With Joy
Russian Region Wages War on Halloween
Women With Big Butts Are Smarter And Healthier
Canadian Agents Had To Evaluate "Teen Mom" Porn
Cop Uses Taser On Woman Who Refuses His Demand To Show Her Breasts
Suicide Bomber Blows Himself Up on Empty Mediterranean Beach
Man, 80, fights bear, falls off cliff - and survives
Cocaine stuffed pumpkins found at Montreal airport
Flipping-off the cops is totally constitutional
Captain Beany: Baked bean lover blows £10k on obsession with his favourite food
Sriracha Odor Lawsuit Claims Stinging Stench From Factory Disturbed Residents
Toronto Police have video apparently showing mayor smoking crack
Man OBSESSED with baked beans changes name to Captain Beany | Latest News | News
Science Says Your Disgusting Toe Shoes Aren't Doing Anything But Grossing People Out
Radio station slammed for racially charged billboard
Texas man arrested for overdue library book
To recap, the prime minister is not responsible for almost anything
U.S. military wants to create 'Iron Man suit'
Nintendo suspends Swapnote for 3DS due to offensive material
Arizona State Girl Goes To Halloween Party Completely Naked
Taxpayers funding 'lesbian haunted house' in Toronto
British sailors blast Britney Spears' 'Oops! I Did It Again' to deter Somali pirates
Former head of Nazi Gestapo Heinrich Mueller buried in Jewish cemetery: historian
What KFC's Exit From Syria Says About the Country's Horrifying Food Crisis
80-Year-Old Russian Headbutts Bear, Survives
EDL's (English Defence League) only Muslim member fined for 'threatening' behaviour towards Asian men at rally
Law Firm Uses Facebook to Serve Court Claim
16-foot statue of Zinedine Zidane headbutting Marco Materazzi removed from public exhibition
Response to Government moving to ban the word "Government"
Sex workers embrace Obamacare
This is how you shame prosecutors for their stupid motion
Onlookers cheer as police brutally kick the crap out of 'performance artist' who talks loudly on his cell phone through movies.
AXE Body Spray Gets School Shutdown, 8 Hospitalized
Billionaire Feels 'Guilty' About 'Having Gotten Rich At The Expense' Of All Of Us
Cocaine-filled Halloween pumpkins discovered at airport
Polish student Ania Lisewska's quest to have sex with 100,000 men
IBM Files Application to Patent The Patent Process
Parents File Suit To Allow Son to Take Medicinal Marijuana Extract
Robbers loot Onion truck, kill driver [x-post r/india]
Man arrested for overdue library book
Ania Lisewska's 100,000-Man Sex Marathon Angers Egyptian Islamists
Gas levels traced to photographers, naturally
Swedish beaver grinds traffic to a halt
School shut due to overwhelming smell of Axe body spray
Bottle of wine stolen from Tylers Green home
Onions leading to murders on UP roads.
Pub-goers posed for pic then attacked photographer | Central - ITV News
White Teen In Blackface Responds To Black Critics: 'Worry About Finding Your Dad'
School closed, 8 hospitalized after student sprays too much Axe body spray (video)
Sightings of a Mountain Monster
Brake fast for breakfast? Video shows motorist tucking into bowl of cereal while driving
Scientists decipher dog-tail wags
Cat caught smuggling drugs into prison
6 people enrolled using ACA website on day 1
Kid Tries to Eat Condom Scored While Trick-or-Treating
KPD: Woman runs boyfriend over for McDonald's....
Man pepper-sprays woman, steals her monkey
Dell offers to fix laptops that smell like cat pee
Sriracha factory too hot for neighbors
Capt. James Kirk Tapped To Skipper Navy's Most Futuristic Ship Yet
Study: Women with big butts are healthier
Dell Says Cat Pee Smell In Laptops Is Neither Urine Nor Hazardous
Fan hurt by hot dog sues Royals
Elderly man survives being thrown off a cliff by the Bear he headbutted
Google's mystery barge could be a VIP party boat and Glass store combined
Germany allows 'indeterminate' gender at birth
Are you a racist if you own a gun?
'I'm going to put back on my Darth Vader mask': Dick Cheney jokes during Toronto speech
Jimmer Fredette's Parents Endorse Judge Candidate.
University Campus locked down after man carrying a cellphone is mistaken for an active shooter
Chavez Face 'Appeared In Caracas Subway', Venezuela's President Maduro Claims
Taxi firms fear losing revenue if women drive
Kanye West and Kim Kardashian sue YouTube founder for filming their private engagement spectacle
Our home galaxy 'POPS PILLS and SNORTS GAS', insist boffins
Resistance is Futile: PETA Attempts to Halt the Sale of Remote-Controlled Cyborg Cockroaches
Third Sex Now Legal in Germany: Newborns Now Not Considered Boy Nor Girl
Michele Bachmann: 'God, I'm A Loser'
Cops bust inter-state gang of onion looters
Fan hurt by hot dog thrown by mascot suing MLB team
Royal Bank of Scotland to sell off Citizens
School shuts down because of too much Axe body spray
Man who fell into sea 'saved by beer'
James Franco reviews (and loves) his own movie
Scientists track cougar's wild nightlife above Hollywood
Taiwanese Official Calls for Moment of Silence After Earthquake Kills Giant Rubber Duck
Supplier Denies That The New US Military Helmet Is Based On 'Halo'
'SNL' Obamacare website parody not far from truth (Video)
5 guys rob Five Guys
Mitt Romney Still Gets Mad When You Compare Obamacare to Romneycare
Obama security adviser: America is an 'Islamic country'
30 Squats Earn You a Free Metro Ride in Moscow
Give a squat, ride the Moscow metro for free
Batman, the Honey Monster and Fred Flintstone turn out for funeral of biker who wanted mourners to go in fancy dress
5 drunks have stolen a lama from a circus in Bordeaux
Tenn. lawyer demands to be called 'Captain Justice'
After being drafted by Bills, Marshawn Lynch thought he'd be playing somewhere near New York City
Fox News-Chelsea Manning: Fox and Friends plays Aerosmith song to mock Chelsea Manning.
Watch this gif and tell me it doesn't belong here
Snowden Uncovers Shocking Truth Behind Chemtrails
"America needs a Christian President who will invite clergy to Exorcise the White House", says Brian Fischer
What a Twerk: Al Roker Applauds Kids Skipping School for 'Education on Miley Cyrus'
Mayor Rob Ford's approval rating ticks upward with news of crack video
George Zimmerman's Hometown bans guns for neighborhood watch volunteers
Belgium considering new euthanasia law for kids
House Intelligence Chair: "You Can't Have Your Privacy Violated if You Don't Know Your Privacy Is Violated"
Lifeless Nuggets mascot scares fans
Robbers loot Onion truck, kill driver and cleaner
Jesus Spears Superstar: Musical to Tell Life of Christ Using Britney Songs
Drunk youngsters steal a llama from a circus and take it for a ride in the tram
Prosecutor demands defense stop referring to government as "the government." In response, defense attorney demands it be referred to as "Captain Justice, defender of the realm and protector of the innocent."
New Jersey man sent to jail after he 'partied a little too hard' in college
No Money for Advertising? Get Imaginative or Use Barter and Trade for Services!
Tennessee High School Segregates Students at Lunch Based on Grades
Kathleen Sebelius to Congress: 'I Would Suggest the Website Has Never Crashed'
Sebelius says 'Obamacare website never crashed'. Obamacare website promptly crashes
8-year-old threatened with expulsion for drawings of ninjas with guns
Woman sued by water company for posting video online proving she was getting yellow water
Sesame Street's Big Bird Comes Out As Transgender
Man who jumped from Herne Bay pier 'probably saved by beers', rescuers claim
RIAA and BPI Use "Pirated" Code on Their Websites
74 Year old sues McDonalds for scalding hot coffee causing "severe burning to her genitalia,"
Hallmark apologizes and stops selling Christmas ornament that replaces gay with fun
8-year-old threatened with expulsion for drawings
People took pictures of dead homeless man, Houston police say
A Red Sox Fan Called Sports Radio To Complain About John Farrell Today
Mother Responds to Controversy After Son Dresses as Klansman for Halloween
Activists Rally Against Reelection Of Judge Who Ruled Sex Worker Rape Was Only 'Theft Of Services' (x-post from r/politics)
About 12 percent of Spice Imports is Contaminated with Rodent Hair, Insect parts; FDA
Courtney Stodden And Doug Hutchinson Split, Prove That Love Is Dead Forever
Severed finger points to arrest of suspected thief
Giant duck damaged in Taiwan earthquake
Apple, Google, and What May Be the Floating Store of the Future | Wired Business
Musical to Tell Life of Christ Using Britney Spears Songs
South African teacher fired after taking teens for penis piercings
War tourists flock to Syria's frontlines: Syria's conflict is drawing a motley crew of adventure-seekers and adrenaline junkies with murky motivations.
Stressful Cardinals games may take a toll on the heart, doctors say
Jesus Spears Superstar: Musical to Tell Life of Christ Using Britney Spears Songs
New Musical Uses Britney Spears' Music to Tell the Story of Jesus Christ
War Tourists Flock to Syria's Front Lines
How to Spot the Reptilians Running the U.S. Government - Philip Bump
'The Walking Dead's Norman Reedus Was Once Gifted a Breast Implant
Giant duck explodes, a victim of earthquake.
Jake Peavy buys duck boat following Red Sox World Series parade
Fatwa forbids Muslims from traveling to Mars
Court: Flipping Off Cops Is Constitutional
REPORT: HOW MEN CONNED FEMINISTS INTO ABORTION
Stop exporting your abortion problem, Britain tells Ireland
Woman Assaulted and Robbed of Pet Monkey
Obama Said He's 'Really Good At Killing People'
Cat blamed for 999 prank call after police break down door to find empty flat
To Stave Off Decline, Churches Attract New Members With Beer
FNC wants tougher laws against sorcery
Baby Hidden in Car Trunk for 2 Years
Newcastle director of football Joe Kinnear tries to sign Shane Ferguson, a player his club already owns
80-year-old man fights bear and wins
Locals call for ten-second silence after earthquake deflates giant rubber duck
Food stamp support tied to hunger
Students segregated at lunch based on grades
Mysterious wild boar roaming Alderney "swam there from France"
Carp Running For City Council In Michigan Has Our Vote
20-pound carp launches fishy write-in campaign for Ann Arbor City Council
Bill Nye Boo'd In Texas For Saying The Moon Reflects The Sun
Kitten that dialled 999: Police trace call, smash down the door...and find home-alone Bruce
Bruce the cat calls 999 by accident, leading police to smash down owner James Cocksedge's front door in London
YouTube's Subscription Music Service Will Compete With... YouTube
UAE pushes for stronger laws against charlatans and sorcerers
Dubstep producer Skrillex is sued by a man for illegally using his farts in songs.
Almost Two-Thirds of 18-29 Year Olds Believe in "Demon Possession"
Rogers County Sheriff: One Shot, 3 Arrested In Possible Bigfoot Hunt
Alligator captured in Chicago's O'Hare Airport
Abortion fliers handed out to trick-or-treaters | Albuquerque News
Rodeo clown in celebratory 'Rednecks with Paychecks' event struck by lightning twice
Sen. Rand Paul Wishes He Could Challenge Plagiarism Critics to a 'Duel'
Last Year President Obama Told His Aides That He's 'Really Good At Killing People'
EA: HealthCare.gov's disastrous launch could have been prevented with lessons from Battlefield
Two planes full of skydivers collide in midair, all passengers jump to safety
Two planes collide at 12,000 feet but they were full of skydivers and everyone's okay
Drunk man 'saved by beer' after being stranded at sea
Skydiving planes collide in Wis., all escape.
Brain Of Carl Friedrich Gauss Was Apparently Switched With Another
Dutch Study: Regular Consumption of Cannabis May Trigger Impulsive Behavior
Hunt for Sasquatch in Rogers County sends one man to hospital with gunshot wound
President Obama reportedly told his aides that he's "really good at killing people."
Seven-Year Old in KKK Costume Perfectly Okay, Mom Says
Usain Bolt Ate 1,000 McNuggets At The Beijing Olympics Because He Didn't Like Chinese Food
Rand Paul Wishes He Could Challenge Plagiarism Critics to a "Duel"
Last Year, President Obama Reportedly Told His Aides That He's "Really Good at Killing People"
[Caregivers] Falling prey to some of the mental illnesses they treat
Hospital staff falling prey to some of the mental illnesses they treat
Rob Ford apologizes (sort of) and urges police to release video
Man Who Threw His Hands Up Too Early For A Drop Is Set To Sue Nightclub For 'Emotional Distress'
Queen tried to use state poverty fund to heat Buckingham Palace
An unconscious Denver Nuggets mascot is lowered to the arena floor as frightened fans look on
Report: Saudi King Abdullah 'treasures' dagger given as a gift by Hitler
The First Artificial Blood Test Results Are "Encouraging," Vampires Thrilled
German police discover 1,500 masterpieces seized by Nazis in Munich apartment
Swedish Kids Say their Parents Are too Tech-Obsessed
Falling prey to some of the mental illnesses they treat
Senate Passes Bill That Bans Certain Tattoos, Body Markings
Pushup Bra for Men Turns Man Boobs into Power Pecs
Nobody Dies after Two Planes Full of Skydivers Crash in the Air
Billionaire Feels Guilty About Being So Rich
Jesus spotted at the New York City Marathon
Musical uses Britney Spears' songs to tell the story of Jesus Christ
Facebook users banned 'because they like classic English dish faggots'
Man Survives After Falling Off Cliff During Fight With Bear
Muslim group appoints Jew as Philadelphia director
Rand Paul Accused of Plagiarizing Part of Speech From Wikipedia Page for Sci-Fi Movie "Gattaca"
Chain Saw Massacre Averted At Nevada County Bar When Man's Weapon Stalls
I have no words...
Ex-House speaker Jim Wright rejected for voter ID card
Kathleen Sebelius Given 'Web Sites for Dummies' Book By Tennessee Sen. Brian Kelsey
News Station Thinks "The Cake is a Lie" Joke is Proof of the Paranormal
Woman Finds Out Husband Was Her Dad.
McDonald's Pumpkin Pie Faces Harsh Criticisms
Time to compress our thinking about the NBN (Australian's soon-to-be Fibre Network)
One twisted family tree - woman finds out late husband was also her father
Drones Causing Worldwide Spike In UFO Sightings
Obama: I'm really good at killing people
Some drunk teens in France stole a circus llama and took him for a subway ride
'Bin Laden has won, they confiscated my honey': Outspoken academic Richard Dawkins in airline security Twitter row over jar of honey (r/worldnews xpost)
'Bin Laden has won, they confiscated my honey': Outspoken academic Richard Dawkins in airline security Twitter row over jar of honey
Swedes implore Chinese: 'We are not Swiss'
Three Arrested, One Shot In Reported Rogers County Sasquatch Hunt
Religion teacher fired for adopting Jewish faith
Drunken French teenagers abduct a circus llama and take him on a tram ride
Richard Dawkins said terrorists have won as airport security took his honey
Richard Dawkins: Osama bin Laden has won, they confiscated my honey
Family forced to flee home after deadly South American spiders start hatching out of Sainsbury's bananas
Thanksgiving, Hanukkah Together Make Thanksgivukkah On November 28, 2013
£1bn haul of art treasures seized by Nazis found in squalid Munich flat: 1,500 works by masters such as Picasso, Renoir and Matisse hidden behind tins of noodles, fruit and beans
Woman in "abusive wife" costume arrested after getting drunk and assaulting her boyfriend.
Romney advisor vomited in horror after Clint Eastwood's 'empty chair' speech, says book
Woman in 'abusive wife' costume beats up boyfriend in 'abused husband' T-shirt: cops
David Beckham goes unrecognized at Halloween party by dressing up at himself.
ARWEAR - Anti Rape Wear, for when things go wrong
Titanic Exhibition Closes Due To Water Damage.
Exclusive: Justin Bieber invests in new social network
Alligator captured in Chicago O'Hare's Terminal 3
Man shoots friend during a hunt for Sasquatch
New book: Obama told aides that drones make him 'really good at killing people'
Weed Odor Complaints? No Worries, the Nasal Ranger is Here
GAY SEX PUNDIT PAID $24K TO TALK FISTING, GORILLA-SUIT FETISHES WITH STUDENTS
Partially-digested "cat poop" coffee is not only disgusting, but inhumane
SpongeBob's Firing Sparks Political Debate
Britney Spears Music Deters Somali Pirates
Students to hospital after Axe body spray released at Medgar Evers College Preparatory School
Woman suffering from face blindness can't recognize own reflection
Usain Bolt says he ate 1,000 chicken nuggets at the 2008 Olympics
Usain Bolt ate 1,000 McNuggets at the Beijing Olympics
Usain Bolt reveals he devoured 1,000 Chicken McNuggets during the 2008 Beijing Olympics
Mother Defends Her 7-Year-Old's Ku Klux Klan Costume
Mom Lets Son Wear KKK Halloween Costume, Says It's A Family Tradition
KKK costume: 7-year-old's Klan Halloween costume is mom-approved.
Northwestern American flag jersey vs Michigan will replace player names with words including Duty & Courage
Carmakers unveil some 2015 models more than a year early
Kim Jong Un Has Met With Dennis Rodman Twice, Leaders of Countries -- Never
Man shoots friend while hunting for Bigfoot: cops
Kanye West wears Confederate flag jacket, says 'it's my flag'
Lay's to roll out chocolate-covered potato chip
Three Arrested, One Shot In Reported Rogers County Sasquatch
'I'm really good at killing people' - book claims Obama told aides
Kanye West proudly claims the Confederate flag
Best Buy Is Just Daring You To Use Their Stores As Amazon Showrooms
Mom dressed son as Klansman for Halloween because it's a family tradition
Protesters set up fracking rig on Christy Clark's front lawn
Pope Takes the Wheel of Ferrari F1 Racing Car
Darth Vader declares himself the mayor of Odessa
Car Mechanic Simulator 2014 coming out this month
VA mom defends son's Ku Klux Klan Halloween costume
British people more cultured than European average, finds EU survey
US Navy commander 'diverted aircraft carriers and moved ships like chess pieces to Asian ports in return for prostitutes and Lady Gaga tickets'
They sang "Las Mañanitas" (Mexican "Happy Birthday") to a pothole in Naucalpan (just outside of Mexico City) for its anniversary, and they got arrested
Video: Glasgow huge penis firework lights up night sky in rude display finale
Chinese man hacks off his own infected leg with a saw and a back-scratcher - because he could not afford hospital bills
Syria rebel quits after battlefield defeat
Thieves Steal Nearly $400K In Walnuts From Escalon Farm « CBS Sacramento
Leading FSA commander quits, lashes out at lack of support
For Many Iranians, 'Death To America' Are Just Words
A plague on both houses: Swarms of bogong moths invade Parliament
Maduro Declares An Early Christmas In Venezuela To Make Country 'Happy'
Queen's beloved corgis 'becoming endangered' says Britain's Kennel Club
Nick Foles' performance against the Raiders was meaningless because he's not Peyton Manning
NYU Student 'Can't Remember' How He Got Stuck Between Buildings, Mom Says
Jeff Bezos' wife gives a one-star review to the new Amazon book
Toronto Loves Its Cracked Mayor
80-year-old Man Fights Bear, Wins with Headbutt, Eats Pie to Celebrate
Man bites dog, repeatedly
The Gospel According to Brit Brit: Musical Tells the Story of Christ Through Britney Spears Songs
The Fungus in Your Cheese Is Having Weird Sex
Electric shock, solitary confinement, low intensity torture found to be the best method of disciplining unruly school kids.
Lovelorn Chinese bachelor slices off his own penis, bikes to hospital, forgets penis
New Beauty Trend: Wearing ski goggles in tanning booth for 'fake ski tan'
Hooters middle-school football party is on, despite objections (X-Post from r/portland)
Memo Reveals Only 6 People Signed Up for Obamacare on First Day
Hooters middle-school football party is on, despite objections
Canadian man fights swearing laws in Dubai by arguing "f**k off is not offensive in Canada"
Jeff Bezos' Wife Trashes The New Book On Amazon, Gives It 1 Star
Street sweeping machines are man's obsession
Woman dons Boston Marathon bombing victim costume
Drunk Frenchmen Steal Llama, Take It Joyriding
Are they taking the piste? Wearing goggles in tanning booth for 'fake ski tan' effect is bizarre new beauty trend | Mail Online
George W. Bush Is Planning A New Painting Series And We Can't Wait
Sections Of Rand Paul's Op-Ed On Drug Sentencing Plagiarized From Article Week Earlier
Dog saves camper from bear attack, camper eats dog to survive
Best Bar None awards ceremony ends in brawl
Halloween Candy could be laced with Meth
On a South Pacific island, a British prince is a god
Organic porridge oats to be brought back by Hampstead Tesco following uproar
Thames Water fined for roadworks offences
Survey: Fewer Men Paying for Sex
Woman runs over boyfriend 3 times for McDonald's
Varg Vikernes Arrested In France On Suspicion Of Flushing Oranges Down Toilet
Amazon Founder's Wife Writes an Amazon Review of a Book About Amazon
'Bigfoot hunt' ends in shooting, arrests
Bolz-Weber's liberal, foulmouthed articulation of Christianity speaks to fed-up believers
Miss USA mistaken as a Transformer at Miss Universe pageant
Brazil admits to spying on US diplomats after blasting NSA surveillance
James Dolan flips out on 1-2 Knicks, even cracks down on the dancers
U.S. government may force doctors to accept Obamacare and Medicare patients, eventually at gunpoint
Women who had relationships with police spies lose public hearing fight
Man who threw his arms up too early for a drop sues nightclub for emotional distress
Atlanta Falcons Mascot Freddie Falcon apologizes after insensitive suicide tweet
Police brought a man to a hospital, where he was forced to undergo a rectal exam and colonoscopy without his consent. No drugs were found, no arrest was made, and the hospital billed the man for the medical procedures. x-post from /r/news
Huge, flesh-eating platypus once brought terror to Australia
Katy Perry album declared a bio-hazard by Australia
College Kids Make Lectures Less Boring by Texting All Through Class
John Cena Admits to Embarrassing Wrestling Accident: "I Pooped Myself Once"
China discovers that pollution makes it really hard to spy on people - 20 million surveillance cameras are now useless
Sexual assaults not scaring off female recruits
Jobless SpongeBob nets fans on right
Potential Senate candidate David Barton explains how abortion caused climate change
Village of Wool stunned by theft of 160 sheep
SpongeBob SquarePants ignites real-life media firestorm over social services after losing his job at the Krusty Crab
4 On Your Side investigates traffic stop nightmare - Police believe man has drugs in anus, take him to a hospital, force him to undergo a rectal exam and colonoscopy without his consent. No drugs were found, no arrest was made, and the hospital billed the man for the medical procedures.
Banana plant busts through glass roof at Smith College conservatory
Doug Ford calls on Toronto police chief to step down
Arby's Curly Fries Lead To Arrest Of Suspected Groper, James Cowan
Cheating on Your Spouse Might Just Save Your Marriage
Student Op-Ed Argues 'Drinking Responsibly' May Reduce Risk of Rape
Middle school coach plans to take team to Hooters - or lose job trying
Lawyer: Client's f-bomb not an insult because he's Canadian
In Colombia, no sex till the road's fixed
Man Anally Searched 8 Times By Police After Minor Traffic Violation
Brittney Griner on WNBA Makeup Application Class
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has admitted to smoking crack cocaine, saying he had done so in a "drunken stupor".
Brittney Griner on WNBA Makeup Application Class: "I Don't Need That Shit"
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford admits to smoking crack
Asylum seeker who wants to be a pilot will have £10,000 worth of flying lessons paid for by taxpayer
David Eckert Clenches His Buttocks; Cops Order Enemas, Colonoscopy, X-Ray For Non-Existent Drugs
Cops Sodomize Man for Traffic Stop. And that's not even the worst part.
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford admits he has smoked crack cocaine
Norway to broadcast 100 hours of chess
Eric Holder: We might still charge George Zimmerman
Authorities look at LAX shooter's government view
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford admitts he has smoked crack cocaine, saying it was probably "in one of my drunken stupors" about a year ago
Don't Appear to Be Clenching Your Buttocks When Pulled Over For Not Coming to a Complete Stop or Be Tortured by Doctors: America, This is Your War on Drugs
Justin Bieber Offered Pimp Apprenticeship at Nevada Brothel
20-Pound Carp Campaigns For Ann Arbor City Council
Water main breaks at the tip of a penis shaped church in Dixon, Illinois
Google: Stop asking the Internet how to do things, ask a human instead
Cornell researchers help robots be less stabby
Cats Wearing Tights Is The Newest Weird Trend To Hit The Web
Twenty Pound Carp runs for city council in Michigan
Cops, Doctors Repeatedly Probe Man's Anus In Worst Traffic Stop Ever
Nice Meowfit! Cats Wearing Tights Is The Newest Weird Trend To Hit The Web
For The Sake Of Happiness, Venezuela's Maduro Moves Up Christmas
After NSA Revelations, N. Korea says U.S. is "the worst abuser of human rights"
'National Knitting Evening' -- Norway's Slow TV Trend Continues
Police Subject Man to 8 Anal Searches After Minor Traffic Violation
Thieves steal 160 sheep near UK town of Wool
Study: Tutankhamen Died on His Knees, Then His Body Spontaneously Combusted
Rob Ford's Office Hired a Hacker to Destroy the Crack Tape
Toronto Mayor Ford admits crack cocaine use
Northern Colorado wants to secede from the rest
Captain Jack Sparrow officially running for Minneapolis mayor [PHOTO]
Alabama Republican: LGBT people 'need to go back to California or Vermont or wherever.'
In Australia, a bogan on the run from police, tried to hide by pretending to have a bath.
Mayor of Toronto finally admits to using crack cocaine after denying it for months
Yes, Lionsgate Will Make A "Saw 8"
B.C. school bans kindergarteners from touching each other
Clown musician gets 20 years for child porn
Joy Johnson, oldest woman to run New York City Marathon, dies at 86
High School Runner Drops Out Of Race Because Her Bib Number Was 666
Whitley County Cross Country Runner Refuses To Run After Being Assigned "666" Number | LEX18.com | Lexington, Kentucky
Ryan Lochte injured while catching a female fan
Ryan Lochte tears MCL trying to catch an excited fan
Ryan Lochte tears MCL after run-in with enthusiastic teenage girl
Taxpayers foot £10,000 bill for failed asylum seeker's flying lessons
Adolf Hitler denied birthday cake
Court asked to define 'clothes'
Hooters will pay for party for Corbett Middle School football team
Asylum Seeker Will Have £10,000 Flying Lessons Paid For By Taxpayers
Taxpayers' £10,000 bill to teach failed asylum seeker to fly
Oreos More Addictive Than Cocaine? Study Shows Cookies Might Produce More Pleasure Than Coke In Rats
Fewer American Men Are Paying for Sex Than Ever and No One's Sure Why
Oreos addictive? Rats treat Oreos like cocaine, study suggests.
Man robbed by man in hot dog costume
Oregon school coach fired for Hooters party plan
Baby discovered encased in concrete in Pleasant Hill, Mo. home
Kraft agrees to take yellow dye out of Mac and cheese
U.S. Navy Invests in Coveralls That Won't Burst Into Flames
Giant rat eats one-year-old baby in Yemen
Maine Voter Turnout Steady, HIGHER Than Expected
Two airplanes crash in mid-air; however, everyone survives because they were skydivers.
Poll: Public Supports NSA Spying On Their Email, Neighbors And Foreign Leaders
MARVEL Debuts Female Muslim Superhero
Running a stop sign results in multiple police-ordered anal probes
Judge: 'Grow Up, Get Help, Mind Your Own Business'
Flint police: Motorist was fleeing from another crash when bicyclist was hit and killed
Supreme Court asked to define clothes
Deadly Spiders Found On Supermarket Bananas Force British Family To Flee Home
Illinois Republican: Same-sex marriage debate should be about the Bible, not human rights
WHL mascot Marty the Marmot gets body slammed by fan
Eminem Finally Apologizes to Mom on 'Headlights'
Ceremony to reward pubs and clubs for preventing violence ends in a fight
Mikhail Prokhorov says Vladimir Lenin inspired his five-year championship plan
Sriracha Candy Canes Exist, Proof Santa Loves Us
such a wonderful masterpiece
I do NOT like sex with old, obese men: the perils of being a stock-shot model
Toronto mayor admits smoking crack cocaine during 'drunken stupor' but refuses to resign
Hospital bills man for rectal search he was forced to undergo by police
'Her booty looked so good,' accused North Lauderdale groper says
A bizarre experiment by a group of students has found monkeys cannot write Shakespeare.
Ben Stiller thought 'hair gel' scene in 'Something About Mary' wasn't believable
Oldest Woman to Run in New York Marathon Dies Next Day
Kraft Agrees to Remove Yellow Dye from Mac and Cheese
Sweden Democrat leader ambushed in cake attack
The Real Reason Couples Have Sex
Homeless Man Found Sleeping In Hotel's Presidential Suite
Trick-Or-Treaters In Albuquerque Got Anti-Abortion Propaganda Along With Their Candy
Anti-abortion cards placed in trick-or-treaters bags
Canadian navy warship contributes to drug bust by not sinking
Cops: Husband uses Taser on wife after she loses Bears-Packers bet
Physicists probe urination 'splashback' problem
Area man sells naming rights to fantasy football team
Berlusconi's family feels 'like Jews under Hitler'
Deputies: Man brings meth pipe to meth trial, gets more meth charges
Two British teens participated in a nightclub costume contest dressed as the World Trade Center towers blazing on 9/11 - and won
Kentucky cross country runner pulls out of regional championships rather than run with bib number '666'
Religious beliefs keep high school runner from wearing bib number '666'
Man accused of stalking Scots police officer stuns court by belting out Frank Sinatra classic My Way in the dock
Drug Use Linked To High IQ
Norwegian Broadcaster Lures Viewers With 100 Hours Of Chess : NPR
Berlusconi says his kids feel persecuted like Jews by Hitler
W. Pa. school says nude photos found on porn site
Taylor Swift: Next album will be so different
Report: U.S. Marshals Service spent excessively on 'swag'
Man jumps from moving car to escape argument with ex-girlfriend.
Fan injured by hot dog suing Kansas City Royals
First 'gay divorce' attempted in Kentucky
Teens Dress as Twin Towers on 9/11, Win Costume Contest
School forces students to "freeze" in an "almost pornographic position"
Bigfoot hunter shot by Bigfoot hunter
It seems like North Korea pirated Angry Birds
CBS Is Working on 'How I Met Your Father'
Richie Incognito: Dolphins Considered Him An "Honorary Black Man"
6000 rim jobs on the line
Indian Man Rapes Injured Cow
Idaho high school basketball coach Laraine Cook fired after posting Facebook photo of boyfriend grabbing breast
Missouri father arrested at Cracker Barrel over Craigslist ad seeking rape of daughter
Las Vegas man offers testicle for sale
College Girls Win Halloween Contest with 'Sexy' 9/11 Costume
Twenty Pound Carp falls short in race for Ann Arbor City Council
Dennis Rodman: North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is a 'good-hearted kid'
Inside the outrageous world of child cage fighting: Tiny boys who are trained to attack each other in America's baby MMA arenas
What fMRI Can Tell Us About the Thoughts and Minds of Dogs
Man gets 11 months in jail for having sex with pool raft.
Lady Gaga to sing in space
Middle School Football Coach Gets Fired For Planning To Take Team To Hooters To Prepare Them For Manhood
Chicago Bears fan tasers Green Bay Packers fan wife
CNN's Don Lemon Hypocritically Favors "Stop and Frisk", but Sued Store After Being Racially Profiled
Blockbuster finally admits no one still goes to the store to rent a video
Christmas Comes Early to Venezuela, by Presidential Decree
Policeman in Austria wearing ankle bracelets in service [Article in german]
Kansas State giving away free bacon at basketball games
Stock Photo Model Labeled as Obese Elderly Orgy Lover Speaks Out
BBC News - Twin Towers fancy dress pair slammed
Brookline, MA animal control officer hits himself with own truck while responding to a report of an aggressive turkey.
Families want justice for suspects killed after robbery
Lady Gaga to Sing in Space in 2015
Students Dress As Burning Twin Towers For Halloween
Jane Austen MMO aims to bring digital gossip and ballroom dancing to gaming
KKK Imperial Wizard Hates to See Kids in Klan Costumes: 'There's No Respect'
British Teens Win Halloween Contest As Burning Twin Towers
New human body part discovered
Man successfully sues wife for giving him ugly children
This Movie Theater's Thor Poster Is Actually a Homoerotic Fan Photoshop
Washington Boy Finds Giant Maple Leaf
Man charged with pizza assault
Incognito considered black in Dolphins locker room
Lady Gaga to Perform in Space
Porn messages in county assembly put Croat official in unpleasant situation
Google engineers issue 'fuck you' to NSA over surveillance scandal
Most venomous spider in the world found in supermarket bananas
Obama brag, in new book: I'm 'really good at killing people' with drones
Traditional chicken, beef, and pork production devours resources and creates waste. Meat-free meat might be the solution.
Lady Gaga Books Gig In Space
New Mexico man says he was anally probed 8 times after routine traffic stop
Boy's shooting renews calls for tighter rules on toy guns
Obama administration to destroy 6-ton ivory stockpile
YOGA INSTRUCTOR: Most Of My Students' Pants Are See-Through, And They Have No Clue
WHOA! Man Successfully Sues Wife Over Ugly Children
Mother defends 7-year-old son's KKK Halloween costume
Hans Zimmer Feels "Horrible" When His 'Inception' BRAMMS Are Used In Movie Trailers
Wife tasered after Bears-Packers bet - ESPN
Vice President Biden congratulates the wrong Marty Walsh
Wife tasered after Bears-Packers bet
Wisconsin Student Sends Worst Email Ever To A Financial Recruiter
Kid's KKK Halloween costume disrespects the Klan, says KKK leader
Biden Congratulates Wrong Man in Boston Mayoral Race
Husband tasered wife after winning Bears-Packers bet
Biden calls to congratulate wrong Martin Walsh
Female lizards with beards not attractive, report other lizards
Man Successfully Sues Wife Over Ugly Children
Hacked DOT alert warns of 'women drivers, rain, Obama care'
Brookline animal control officer injured on hillside turkey call
Rob Ford's Ridiculous Crack-Apology Football Tie Now Available on eBay
Council woman recalled and elected mayor.
Gore Vidal, Iconic American Author, Had Way More Sex Than You
Chinese Man Successfully Sues Wife for Ugly Children
It's Easier To Get Into Harvard Than Get A Job At A New Wegmans Grocery Store
Michigan mall reaches 100% occupancy by shrinking in size
Big Brother loses his sense of humor: NSA orders satirical T-shirt maker to cease and desist
Jurassic spark: oldest fossil of copulating insects identified
'Thor' homoerotic Loki fanart mistaken for poster by Chinese cinema
McDonalds wants 3D printers in restaurants to print any happy meal toy a kid desires
McDonalds Wants To Start 3D Printing Happy Meal Toys For Unhappy Kids
St. Louis Archdiocese orders end to alcohol at youth events
New Marvel superhero is a muslim girl
Venezuelan President Moves Christmas to November
New Study Confirms Leggings Are Not Pants
Lady Gaga Planning to Perform in Space in 2015
Lady Gaga to become first artist to sing in space
Man Sues Wife over Ugly Children, Wins
Oh, nuts! Poor squirrel looks devastated after dropping his snack from the top of a telegraph pole
Innocent man burned to death after vigilantes branded him a paedophile
Biden Calls To Congratulate Wrong Marty Walsh In Boston Mayor Race
Boy, 13, suspended for carrying Vera Bradley purse
Clean Air Act has led to improved water quality in the Chesapeake Bay watershed
WWE Wrestler Iron Sheik Challenges Mayor Rob Ford To A Fight
This Is Nuts! Heist Nabs $400,000 Worth Of Walnuts
A Massive Trash Incinerator With a Ski Jump on Top
German spa pulls offensive 'romantic Kristallnacht' ad
Children's book 'Yertle the Turtle' now OK again in B.C.'s unionized classrooms
Bears Fan Tasers Wife Over Lost Packers Bet
Biden, Being Biden, Calls the Wrong Guy to Say Congrats on Being Elected Mayor - Philip Bump
Biden, Being Biden, Calls the Wrong Guy to Say Congrats on Being Elected Mayor
Texas hunting club auctioning permit to bag endangered black rhino
Nigerian Scammers Float Messages In Bottles Up River Thames
Taxi driver misheard drunk passenger, took him to wrong country
Woman mistaken for monkey, shot dead
Parents fear that 'toxic' music videos mean their children aspire to having casual sex
Police break door down in Kilburn after cat dials 999 and hangs up
Athens teen dislikes getting out of bed
Pollution pushes Shanghai towards semen crisis
Nick Foles and Jason Campbell named offensive players of the week.
DOT alert warns of 'women drivers, rain, Obama care'
Let us say 'faggots' on Facebook, says maker of pork snack
Man Successfully Sues Wife Over Ugly Children and Judge Orders Wife to Pay $120,000
Tory deputy mayor: The best thing for disabled children is the guillotine
Fire at Internet Archive; Web History Safe
Turkey shot, killed by police after attacking children, dog
Why are birds 'angry,' PM Erdoğan asks CEO
Biden Accidentally Calls and Congratulates a Guy Watching TV, Not Newly Elected Boston Mayor
University physicists study urine splash-back and offer best tactics for men
Electric fences to thwart monkey attacks
Satellite Will Fall to Earth, but No One Is Sure Where
Lady Gaga schedules tour date in space
The British Are Drunk In 76 Percent Of Their Facebook Photos.
Used condom 'shatters car windscreen' after being thrown from building
Drunk in charge of horse
Group wants high school's 'Arab' nickname gone.
Matt Lauer and Al Roker get their prostates examined live on 'Today'
University physicists study urine splash-back and offer best tactics for men (w/ Video)
"While consumption of potentially harmful artificial trans fat has declined over the last two decades in the United States, current intake remains a significant public health concern," says FDA Commissioner Hamburg
Chinese Man 'Divorces And Sues Wife For Being Ugly, Before Plastic Surgery'
Williamsburg Now Has a Pugs-Only Dog Walker
Nudist dad facing child porn charges says photos are 'family portraits'
Pa. school says nude photos found on porn site
Green Rush: Marijuana Set to Grow Faster Than Smartphones
Group demands California high school change 'Arab' team name, mascot
Man sues wife over ugly kids and wins
Are anti-rape panties anti-feminist?
Husband uses Taser on wife after she loses Bears-Packers bet
Man banned from Facebook for liking faggots
Frenchman 'too big to fly on plane' stranded in US
Conservatives rip 'Guns & Ammo' magazine for editorial supporting safety laws
Ariana Grande Plagued by Demons from Hell
Guns and Ammo Editorial Supports Gun Control, Angers Readers
'Gossipy-mouthed' women can't be Christians, says man yelling at people on sidewalk
Dad Calls Cops on Son to Teach Him a Lesson, Cops Shoot Son Dead
'Guns & Ammo' Fires Editor, Apologizes for Gun-Control Column
Families want justice for masked assailants killed in botched robbery attempt.
Drunk teens steal circus llama, take it for joyride | News
French Family Stranded In Chicago After Airline Says Man Is Too Big To Fit On Plane
2 dead candidates get majority of votes in Washington
Cornell Accidentally Destroyed More Than $200,000 Worth of Horse Semen
Man Arrested For Everything
Openly Gay Lawmaker Votes Against Hawaii Same-sex Marriage Bill
Detroit elects first white mayor in more than 4 decades
Readers Slam Guns & Ammo for Editorial Advocating Gun Regulation
Butt-groping, bachelorette parties and rape threats: Rob Ford's non-crack scandals!
Maryland Middle School Requires Children To Cross Dress For "LGBTQ Appreciation Day"
Edward Snowden leaks could help paedophiles escape police, says government
Woman dies after walking through the wrong door in a hospital and being trapped in a stairwell for seventeen days. [x-post r/MorbidReality]
Arrest made in clown tall bike theft, bike found
UK man strangles boy over Call of Duty: Black Ops feud
Iron Sheik, WWE legend, challenges Rob Ford to arm wrestle
The Minnesota Timberwolves are giving away copies of the first season of Girls to women who attend games.
hackers successfully install Linux on a potato.
Quebec Opens French-Only Blood Donor Banks
Lawsuit: Cornell Destroyed $200K Of Horse Semen
Black Woman Shot to Death for Asking for Help in a White Neighborhood
Shrink brands dad 'wholly' incapable of caring for 4-year-old son because he refused to take kid to McDonald's
Students offended over Osama Bin Laden costume
Man Successfully Sues Wife for Ugly Children
Brazilian third division side make fortune off Che Guevara kit
The Assam Rape Festival In India Begins This Week - National Report
Police stun stepdad trying to save son from fire
BREAKING: You Should Train Before Running a Marathon
Dad 'unfit parent for refusing son McDonald's'
Philly elects first Whig in 157 years
Chicago Lawyer Offers Students $1,000 to Not Go to Law School
Family of slain Detroit woman seeks answers about incident
Two British co-eds dress up as the burning Twin Towers AND win a costume contest
Joe Biden congratulates wrong guy for Boston mayoral win. Who messed up?
Meet The First Openly Gay Lawmaker To Ever Vote Against Marriage Equality: Hawaii's Jo Jordan
Lesbian Rep. Jo Jordan Votes Against Hawaii Gay Marriage Bill
George W. Bush Headlines 100K 'Convert the Jews' Gala
Is This Film Feminist Enough? Swedish Theaters Add New Rating System | Healthy Living
Man with jet pack circles Mt. Fuji (video).
Man shot at 'Stop the Violence' event
NEWSACADEMICSSTUDENTSADMINISTRATIONSPECIAL REPORTSOPINIONMONEY/TECHA-Z UNIVERSITIESSCIENCEVIDEO Cleveland Law Professors Believe they Were Called 'Satan' Through Suspicious Pay Raise Figure
Playing loud pop music boosts output of solar panels by 40%
Group demands California high school change 'Arab' mascot
Babies do not come from rubbish dumps, Chinese sex education video says
Embattled Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has apologised for a video of him making threats to commit "first-degree murder" against an unknown person.
Texas school tosses 6th grader's breakfast in trash after he can't pay 30 cents
Joe Biden congratulates wrong guy for Boston mayoral win. Who messed up? (+video)
School Named For Former KKK Leader Reconsiders Its Legacy
Bacon Deodorant Is A Real Thing (VIDEO)
Bacon deodorant newest pork-powered product from Seattle store
Too fat to fly: French family stranded in US
Kansas State to hand out 300 pounds of free bacon at women's basketball game
Woman Tried To Wear Cheeseburger As Sandal After Having Sex In Waffle House Parking Lot, Police Say
Soldier Fails Grenade Range, Dies.
Is This Film Feminist Enough? Swedish Theaters Add New Rating System
U.S. VP Biden congratulates wrong man in Boston mayor's race
Botched NC Traffic Alert Warns Of 'Women Drivers, Rain, Obama Care'
Fraternity Pledge Loses Testicle In Hazing Ritual
Toast sandwich is UK's 'cheapest meal'
Man loses arm in industrial accident at fortune cookie factory
High school in California under fire for having "Angry Arib" mascot and belly dancing cheerleaders
Drunk teens steal circus llama, take it for joyride
California high school under fire for 'angry Arab' mascot
Kanye West & George W Bush Will Appear on David Blaine's New Magic Show
Families want justice for suspects killed after robbery of Krick's Korner store in Reading
Auburn RB Tre Mason chases and catches squirrels to get faster.
Obama's tech expert too busy fixing website to testify
Plane crashes at airport; no one notices
Stranded hiker eats dog after dog saves man's life
China man sues his wife over ugly kids and wins!
"Superheroes" nab attacker in Tesco
Northwest Christian University's student body president comes out as atheist
David Ortiz write-in vote leader for Boston mayoral election
The Assam Rape Festival In India Begins This Week
22 Year Old With Down Syndrome Beaten By The Police For "Bulge In Pants" That Was His Colostomy Bag ((X-post r/news)
22 Year Old With Down Syndrome Beaten By The Police For "Bulge In Pants" That Was His Colostomy Bag
Mystery surrounding duck found on Scunthorpe street
Xbox One to introduce "media achievements" for watching video
A visual history of Microsoft's anime fetish
'Lack of synth' makes woman pull knife in club
Junk food addict Faye Campbell lives on diet of cheeseburgers, pizza and chips and weighs ONLY 9st
Walmart Employee Allegedly Asks Customer To Leave Store Because He's Gay
Woman With Fear Of Vegetables Eats Nothing But Junk Food For 16 Years, But Weighs Just Nine Stone
Student booked for rape after refusing to marry girl
Guns & Ammo Editor Gets Run Out Of Town For Printing Gun Control Column
Women's football teams in South Korea threaten boycott if an opposing team's striker doesn't take a gender test.
Jewish dad questions homework assignment, gets investigated for being a 'neo-Nazi'
A man forgot about $27 in bitcoins he bought. It turned into $886k
Uruguayan keeper retires after chopping off four of his fingers
George W. Bush to help group that converts Jews in effort to bring about second coming of Jesus Christ.
Florida 'sadomasochist' tried to kill girlfriend during 'rough sex'
Condoms become soccer balls in Africa
David Hasselhoff, Batman And Robin, And A Smurf Tackle Crime In Tesco
UC Berkeley Student Government Bans Term 'Illegal Immigrant'
'Time' editor defends Christie 'elephant' cover
Holy Grocery Grapple! Batman, Robin, David Hasselhoff, a giant Smurf and a scuffle in the toilet roll aisle as 'superheroes' nab attacker
Mannequins Give Shape to a Venezuelan Fantasy
3 Kuwait addicts hide drugs under dog
Condoms used as soccer balls in Africa...
Illinois Marriage Opponent Will Not Go Down Without A Nonsensical Rant
Arafat's Widow: Israel Also Used Polonium To Kill Jesus
Family Stranded in Chicago After Man Deemed Too Fat to Fly
Arsonists destroy Halesowen Cricket Club's bonfire.
Washington Redskins ask blog to change its name
Bay Area sex crimes detective convicted of sex crime
Family buys hut next to sponsored child
Man Gets 23 Years for Stabbing in Cheetos Dispute
NJ man, 75, pleads in drug, prostitution sweep
Man shot during 'stop the violence' basketball tournament Saturday in Childersburg, according to report
Hypocrite Don Lemon Favors "Stop and Frisk", But Sued Store After Being Racially Profiled
A Company Has Created Anti-Rape Shorts For Women With Special Locks To Prevent Sexual Assault (Video)
World's first glow in the dark ice cream created in Bristol
Italian union hands out 'Hitler animal prize'
Mom Arrested for Letting Kids Play Outside
Red Sox designated hitter David Ortiz finishes third in Boston's mayoral election
Father Calls Cops on Son to Teach Him a Lesson, Cops Shoot Son Dead
NY dad deemed unfit for not taking son to McDonald's
Ohio college student loses his testicle after fraternity initiation
Ohio student loses his testicle after fraternity initiation
Ohio college student loses a testicle in fraternity initiation
Ohio college student loses a testicle after fraternity initiation
Woman Wears Hamburger as Sandal After Sex in Waffle House Parking Lot
'Serial Hugger' Preys on Women in St. Louis Suburbs
Government Asks Court To Bar Opposing Lawyer From Calling It 'The Government'; Hilarity Ensues
Qapla' : First Klingon Elected to Office in New York State
DMV: Don't Take Selfies While Driving
See Pope Francis Clown Around With Newlywed Couple
'What Are Clothes?' Asks Most Delightful Supreme Court Argument in History
Guns & Ammo Editor's Hope For "Healthy Exchange of Ideas" Costs Him His Job
Man Tasered by cops while stepson dies in fire
Father Reports Van Stolen to Teach Son a Lesson, Police Shoot Him Dead
Man Sues Wife for "Ugly" Children... And I Don't Blame Him
New bill targets drug use in federal prisons
Body found in hospital stairwell is missing patient, examiner says
Kenya: Call for AK-47s in every church
Tom Cruise: My work as an actor is as hard as fighting in Afghanistan
Kentucky teen chooses to sit out race rather than compete under 666, the 'mark of the beast'
Middle school requires kids to cross dress or receive a failing grade. Non-Sexual PDA gets them extra credit.
Whitley Co. teen refuses to run race because of '666' number
Father may lose custody for not feeding son McDonalds
Britney Spears Becomes Ambassador for VH1's 'Save the Music'
YouTube co-founder wonders 'why the fuck' comments require a Google+ account
Drunk Kids Steal Llama, Party With Llama
Video: Man buried alive is freed from Brazilian grave
J.J. Abrams wants to take 'Star Wars: Episode VII' back to the series' grittier roots
How Saying No to McDonald's Might Lead to Dad Losing Custody
Moscow Subway, Squat and Ride for Free.
Calif. - A high school here is being pressured to abandon its team name and longstanding mascot - a sneering, hook-nosed Arab, sometimes with a single tooth - because of accusations that it is derogatory.
Some Americans Log More than 24 Hours Daily on Devices
Swedes develop invisible bicycle helmet
NY dad deemed unfit after denying son McDonald's
Severed from the Internet, San Juan Islands declare official state of emergency
Minority Report Is Here: Screens Scan Your Face, Target Ads
Fracking Victim Sued for Defamation After Proving Drinking Water Flammable
White guy wins after leading voters to believe he's black
Dad Accused of 'Unfit Parenting' for Not Taking Son to McDonalds
Al-Qaeda Teaches on Twitter How to 'Kindly' Cut off Human Head
Pinkberry co-founder guilty of beating homeless man with tire iron
Penn State tried to lure Condi Rice for president
It's Official! Computer Scientists Pick Stronger Passwords
Klingon elected in NY
DropBox buys selling app Sold, generates linguistically nightmarish headlines
Klingon warrior elected to N.Y. town board
New Face Guard Allows Japanese Women To Eat Burgers Without Shame
Not Lovin' It: Dad Accused of 'Unfit Parenting' for Refusing to Take His Son to McDonalds
Welsh Fugitive caught by entering 'win a wedding' competition
Doctor Says Emo Hairdos Could Lead to Lazy Eye Syndrome
Man robs Florida bank with a hilarious looking Albert Einstein mask and gets away.
Former stripper on The Block is owed back wages under labor laws, judge rules
Pinkberry Co-Founder Convicted of Beating Homeless Man With Tire Iron
I Lean: Seeing-Eye-Goose Befriends Blind Dog
Boring! Brass Worried Less War and Training Lulling Force
Tom Cruise -- My Job's As Hard As Fighting in Afghanistan
Apparently This Matters: Cats in clothes
Porn-viewing bosses infect corporate networks
Shock as Man Successfully Sues Own Wife for Birthing Ugly Kids
Local News Reports "The Cake Is a Lie" Scrawled On A Chalkboard As Evidence Of Paranormal Activity
Rescued woman annoyed people are calling Gosling some kind of hero
Fancy dress 'Hulk' coats himself in green paint... that wouldn't wash off
The Granny Alphabet: fashion's coolest new book
Dad calls cops to teach son a lesson; cops shoot son dead
Andy Murray fans arrested when witness thinks tennis racket is shotgun
Kanye West Is Trying To Take The Confederate Flag Back
4 charged with severing pot clinic owner's penis
Human Pee May Power Future Environmental Robots
Roboroach app allows you to control a roach's movements through a mobile app
Edwin Tobergta, Sentenced To 11 Months For Sex With Pool Raft, Also Had Sex With Pumpkin
How 1970s non-PC advertizing makes it briefly in 2013, then they back-peddle furiously.
'Saxophone Lung' Developed By Man Who Didn't Clean His Clarinet For More Than 30 Years
Lewd Act: Edwin Tobergta sentenced to 11 months in jail for having public sex with pool raft
Man glad stolen motorcycle found after 46 years
US firm in animal cruelty trouble after creating app that allows users to control a live roach with an electronic backpack
Justin Bieber fanatic undergoes plastic surgery to look like pop star: 'Belieber' Toby Sheldon spends $100,000 on doppelganger transformation
George W. Bush to Raise Money for Group That Converts Jews to Bring About Second Coming of Christ
Real-life "Iron Man" suit's for U.S. military?
David Ortiz nowhere close to being voted mayor of Boston
Thieves steal and gang-rape pet dog whose owner had tied it up outside supermarket as she did her shopping
South Korea is stuck with Internet Explorer for online shopping because of security law
San Jose sex crimes detective pleads guilty to sex crime of his own
Richie Incognito feels 'shocked and betrayed' by Jonathan Martin
Man dies after accidentally drinking £34,000 of crystal meth thinking it was a HEALTH DRINK
Police Chief: Fire Damages Training Facility at Toms River Fire Academy
'Oral sex' definition prompts dictionary ban in US schools
New SPEARS Musical Chronicles Life of Jesus Through Britney Spears Tunes
White House said to consider civilian replacement for outgoing NSA chief
Dubai Police Add Custom Mercedes-Benz Brabus B63-S 700 Widestar SUV To Already Ridiculous Fleet Of Luxury Cars (PHOTOS)
Dubai police get a Brabus G63 AMG
Matt Lauer and Al Roker got prostate exams on live TV, because this is what the 'Today' show is now
Maduro government 'occupies' Venezuela electronics chain
Man, buried alive, claws his way out in front of terrified onlooker
Innovative new invisible bike helmet makes its way to Canada
Media floats false stories of Japanese tsunami debris
Bomb squad checks suspicious package, finds bibles
Woman wears cheeseburger as sandal after drunken sex in Waffle House parking lot
Man Soars Above Mount Fuji with Homemade Jetpack
Bison is Alberta man's 'best friend'
The best way to pee into a urinal, according to science
Burglar Surprised by Professional Axe Thrower
Internet Explorer Has a New Anime Heroine
French firm offers to kidnap paying thrill-seekers
Republicans Just Changed The Rules AFTER A Virginia Election To Change The Outcome
Middle school coach takes team to Hooters despite controversy.
TIL Public Policy Polling conducted a poll in 2013 that found 27% of Americans thought hipsters should be assessed a special tax for being annoying
Swedish scientists develop sensors to catch terrorists by detecting human waste
Cornell Found Guilty of Destroying $200K Worth Of Horse Semen
Local News Reports "The Cake Is a Lie" Scrawled On A Chalkboard As Evidence Of Paranormal Activity [Video]
Gillette and Schick have openly blamed their recent decline in profitability on bearded hipsters. (X-Post from r/todayilearned)
Military brass say that new war would make service less boring
Military brass says new war would make service less boring
Video Captures Driver's Repeated Hit-and-Run Attempts [Guy attempts to flee after hit-and-run, fails, hits 4 more cars, crashes into tree]
Firefighters urge common sense after penis freed from toaster
Saudi who killed woman mistaking her for monkey is pardoned
Man who sought safe streets killed in S.F. crash.
UN Expected To Elect China To Rights Council
One in five Swedish Xmas trees are stolen
Is It O.K. to Kill Cyclists?
Depressed Chinese Man Cut His Penis Off Since "He Had No Use For It"
Taliban accuse govt of sorcery
New Yorkers Go 24 Hours Without Shooting, Stabbing, Or Slashing Each Other
Gays now totally boring, ENDA struggle reveals
White guy wins election after leading voters to believe he's black
Conservative U.S. Catholics Feel Left Out of the Pope's Embrace
Drunk woman caught having sex in car park tries to wear cheeseburger as a shoe
Chargers tailgater fined $280 for tossing football
Polish Church Officials: Child Sex Abuse Victims were Looking for Love and Fulfillment, Made Conscious Decision to Have Sex with Priests (x-post from /r/europe)
Thief eats debit card to hide tax fraud evidence
Actress claims to star in new film with James Dean, Marilyn Monroe and Marlon Brando
EB Games sorry for fake cocaine at Grand Theft Auto V launch
Rappers Pacman And Peso Going To North Korea To Film Music Video, Get Famous
If your school mascot is a stereotype-fueled 'Arab' you might want to change it
Performance Artist Nails Testicles To Red Square To Protest Russian 'Police State'
White Republican Wins 'Long Shot' Election After Leading Voters To Believe He's Black
New no-touch policy introduced at B.C. elementary school
Nurses warn: Swedes put iPads ahead of newborns
Boy, ten, with giant tumour on his neck could be cured with VIAGRA
Brazilian mourner shocked hand grave : Man rises from Sao Paulo grave
Neighbors Taunts Dying 7 Year Old Girl Who Has Huntington's. Family calls it 'cruel'.
Toronto woman injured while typing fake profiles for dating website sues for $20-million
White, Anti-Gay Republican Wins Local Election After Pretending To Be Black
Romano Dias, British Man, Dies After Drinking Liquid Meth Worth $54,000 Hidden As Fruit Drink
Runaway pigs in Forest of Bowland found 'safe and fat'
Man dies after drinking $58,000 worth of crystal meth in fruit drink bottle
Former Irish Taoiseach (prime minister) who mismanaged the countries response to the financial crisis plans to work as "management consultant"
Depressed Chinese Man Cut His Penis Off Since "He Had No Use For It" (Because He Couldn't Find A Girlfriend)
TX Republican Election Head Blames Wendy Davis for Voters Actually Voting
Anonymous threatens cyberwar with Anonymous
White Republican wins election by convincing voters he's black
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro Declares Early Christmas
Man says NYPD made him rap in order to get out of arrest.
Christie: I'm ready to be president because I'd do 'exactly what Ronald Reagan would have done'
White candidate pretends to be black to win election
Jimmy Kimmel's Chinese Remarks Spark Protests in Multiple Cities
Wearing A Pea Coat & Jeans Doesn't Make You A Prostitute, Judge Rules
White Conservative Republican Wins Election by Making Voters Believe He Was Black
Miley Cyrus twerks with dwarf, smokes joint, and wins best video at MTV awards show in Europe
Man tases wife to settle Bears, Packers bet
Caffeinated soda mistakenly offered at BYU
Man nails testicles to Red Square to protest Russian crackdown on rights
Xbox One Rewards You For Watching TV
John Cena: 'I pooped myself in the ring'
Semicolon Strife: Russia Rejects Court Hearing Over Punctuation
Men Are Having Their Nutsacks Ironed Because YOLO
Drunk Woman, Caught Having Sex In Car Park Tries To Wear Cheeseburger As Shoe
Artist nails his own testicles to the ground in front of horrified tourists
Batman caught for housebreaking offences.
80 executed in North Korea for watching foreign TV shows, reports claim
Draft of California bill would mandate porn stars wear protective eyewear like goggles during filming
'Batman' jailed for multiple offences.
Man Buried Alive In Brazil Rises From Grave, Gives Mourner Quite The Scare (VIDEO)
Ratting Out the Mafia Is Terrifying Even If It's Encrypted
Report: Couple Caught Having Sex in Waffle House Parking Lot. The woman, who had been drinking, also tried to wear a cheeseburger as a sandal.
Atheist mega-churches take Western world by storm
Atheist Mega-Churches Take Root Across US, World
Artist Peter Pavlensky nails his scrotum to cobblestones of Red Square.
Porn Stars Would Have To Wear Goggles Under New Draft Of California Bill
They Loved Your G.P.A. Then They Saw Your Tweets.
Sweden to close prisons due to lack of criminals [google translate]
Abusive priest hid in plain sight for years; retired quietly to New Prague
Artist nails his testicles to ground in Red Square
Chris Christie Sued for Ban on Gay Conversion Therapy; NJ Parents Say It Violates Constitutional Rights
Batman Suparman jailed for 2 years for theft, housebreaking and drug problems
A guy invented ice cream that glows when you lick it, by synthesizing jellyfish proteins.
Lance Armstrong complains of 'massive personal loss' in doping fall-out
Man loses car for five weeks at Oktoberfest
Man Dies From Drinking $34k of Crystal Meth Thinking it Was a Health Drink
Your pee could power future robots
Teen Suspended for Bringing Purse to Class, Vows to Keep Carrying It
Enraged Musician Kills Bandmates in Williamsburg, Police and Reports Say
Atheist 'mega-churches' look for nonbelievers
Man Nails Testicles To Red Square Cobblestones
'YOLO Lounge' shisha bar faces destruction
Charles Darwin to receive apology from the Church of England for rejecting evolution
California says: Porn Stars Must Wear Safety Goggles
Forget Condoms: New California Bill Will Require Porn Stars To Wear Safety Goggles | Elite Daily
Northwest Christian University Class President Reveals He's an Atheist
Forget Condoms: New California Bill Will Require Porn Stars To Wear Safety Goggles
New 'invisibility cloak' type designed
Athletes upset at Webster U's billboard, "Our top recruits are chess players."
Miley Cyrus Lights 'Joint,' Twerks With Dwarf at MTV EMAs | Music News
White House To Address 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' Segment After Protest Petition Logs 100,000 Signatures
160 Sheep Stolen From Town Called 'Wool'
Kellogg's Twitter blunder: Cereal giant promises vulnerable children breakfast in return for retweets
Sheep stolen from village named Wool
Is this demeaning Britain's war dead? Google attacked for Remembrance Day poppy tribute
Batman jailed for multiple offences in Singapore
Wanted: Private tutor to coach an Arab businessman into Oxford. Salary: €146,700. Hours: 15 per day
Penis-Shaped Christian Science Church Doesn't Look That Much Like A Penis, Official Claims
Charlie Sheen Wants To Make Up With Chuck Lorre
Are Chinese Americans overreacting by comparing Jimmy Kimmel to Hitler?
Man jailed for trying to hang neighbour's cat
Investment Banks Seek Arts Graduates; People Skills in Demand
Whole Devonshire seaside town goes on sale for £10million
Man Marries A Tree
Pig farmer who ordered two repo men to strip naked and get into a pen with an 'agitated' boar jailed for a year
Executives Watching Porn a Leading Cause of Corporate Malware Problems
Racist who wanted to create whites-only town proven to be of African decent
Swedes Develop Invisible Bike Helmet
Police called to domestic disturbance find young couple building Ikea furniture
Fossils Caught Having Sex
BBC post catch-up of the 2 minutes Armstice silence on BBC iPlayer.
Judge Calls Shenanigans Over Pea Coat Prostitute Arrest
Biden congratulates wrong guy in Boston mayor race
Penis-Shaped Christian Science Church Doesn't Look That Much Like A Penis, Architect Claims
Man Sues Nightclub for throwing hands up "too early"
White Supremacist Confronted with DNA Results on Live TV: 'You Have a Little Black in You'
US Christian Zionists plan to take over Palestinian university in Israel
Talk show host delivers DNA test results to white supremacist town founder: 'You have a little black in you'
White Republican wins Houston election with campaign that implied he's black.
Dad Branded Unfit Parent For Refusing To Take Son To McDonald's, Lawsuit Says
Waste Not: 1890s Urinal Turned into a Sandwich Shop
Lionsgate in talks for possible 'The Hunger Games' theme park
Architect who dislikes skyscrapers wins best tall building award
Singapore's Batman bin Suparman jailed for drugs, theft and breaking and entering
State of national calamity declared after typhoon
David Cameron calls for capitalism lessons in schools to celebrate profits in the classroom
Renisha McBride Autopsy Confirms That Detroit Teen Was Shot in Face
President Bush Surprises Veterans at the Bush Center
Batman Bin Superman jailed.
A woman is suing dating site Ashley Madison after allegedly being injured from creating 1,000 fake profiles
How Fitting: 'This Is the End' the Last Movie Rented from Blockbuster
Amy Robach: 'GMA' anchor found breast cancer via on-air mammogram
Man tases wife as part of Monday Night Football bet
Artificial Blood Experiment is a Transylvanian Triumph in Science
Google Files for Patent of Neck Tattoo with Built-In Microphone
Teacher who posted student's diary on facebook held
'This Is the End' the Last Movie Rented from Blockbuster
'Menstruation tweet' from Swedish cops goes viral
NFL Player Quits Because, You Know, Noam Chomsky
Anti-abortion extremists urge kidnapping of women on way to clinic
'Batman son of Suparman' jailed for stealing
Anti-Obamacare group entices students with models and a boozy party
Samsung pays Apple $1 Billion in 30 trucks worth of 5 cent coins
Obama's Half Brother, A Kenyan-American in China
White Republican Pretends He's Black To Win Texas Election
Tricking Texas: White Republican pretends he's black - to win election
Texas Anti-Gay Activist Dave Wilson Wins Election By Pretending To Be Black
Venezuela sends in troops to force electronics chain to charge 'fair' prices
Fat-shaming may curb obesity, bioethicist says
Singaporian named 'Batman bin Suparman' jailed for nearly three years
Lady Gaga's High-Flying Dress
Biglaw Memo From Top Firm Advises That Women 'Don't Giggle,' Don't 'Show Cleavage'
Your Vagina isn't just too Big, too Floppy and too Hairy-it's also too Brown.
Adult site worker who created 1000 fake female profiles sues company for injured wrists
"Batman Bin Suparman" arrested for theft
Texas conservative wins local election after 'pretending to be black'
The city of Los Angeles wants to force porn stars to wear goggles.
Dog uncovers human remains at Native American reservation in Washington
Britain Announces It's Going to Sell Sharia-Compliant Bonds
Sweden is closing many prisons due to lack of prisoners
Smartphone filming at Winter Olympics? Could be 'nyet'
The MPAA wants schools to teach first-graders the dangers of digital piracy
Bogus boyfriends for rent to please parents
Argentinian man marries tree
Restaurants in China Spike Meals With Opiates to Keep Diners Coming Back
Hipster Jesus Is Coming to an Atheist Church Near You
Why creating memes is illegal in Australia
Broadcaster David Dimbleby gets first tattoo aged 75
White supremacist Craig Cobb finds out he is 14 per cent African during episode of The Trisha Show
Woman found dead in car with dozens of dogs was director of Animal Rights Foundation
Naked artist nails himself to Red Square in protest
Air Force sexual-harassment enforcement head faces sexual assault charges
'Noisy' pianist faces seven years in prison
Police use riot gear to tame pensioner
DNA Test Stuns Man Who Wants All-White Town
Scottish golfer: I was attacked by a crocodile in a bunker in Mexico
'What Does The Fox Say?' Will Soon Be A Children's Book
White Supremacist Learns He Is 14 Percent Black [VIDEO]
Cosmonaut accidentally infects space station with virus
New York's incoming first family says it all with their hair
University unenrolls all of its students by mistake
Oregon cougar attack victim was concerned about facility's safety
Florida man arrested after lewd poncho display
Anal Probes And The Drug War: A Look At The Ethical And Legal Issues
Romania's anti-corruption agency keeps taking down politicians - but the people keep bringing them back
Investigators Use 'Nasal Ranger' Smelloscope To Help Crackdown On Pot Smokers
White supremacist Craig Cobb told he is 14% African in televised DNA test
Santa Fe landscaper sees face of Jesus on rock - The Santa Fe New Mexican: Local News
European gravity-mapping satellite falls to earth
Batman Bin Suparman Jailed
White Man Wins Local Election After Running as a Black Man
Lesbians React to 'Blue is the Warmest Color': 'Pretty Obviously Two Straight Women Having Sex'
Supposed ex-classmate claims teenage Obama traded gay sex with older men for cocaine and education
Jennifer Lawrence discusses the issue of 'camel toe'
No plans to change shape of Illinois church that looks like penis from the sky, officials say
Jennifer Lawrence Was Worried About Having A 'Camel Toe Problem'
Last Jew in Afghanistan faces ruin as kebabs fail to sell
Artist nails scrotum to the ground to protest Russia's police state
Town's yellow lines 'too yellow'
In California, A High School That Cheers A-R-A-B-S
Former U.S. House candidate fights seat belt ticket as unconstitutional
Miley Cyrus says she is one of the "biggest feminists"
Rabbi finds $98,000 in desk he bought on Craigslist and returns money to owner
Man returns $98K he found in Craigslist desk after seller forgot it
Koch Group Throws Boozy Anti-Obamacare Tailgate Party At College Football Game
Doctors in Canada can no Longer Prescribe Heroin
This Robotic Butt Could Save Your Life.
Plan dropped to end cone tradition on Glasgow's Wellington statue
For mice, the smell of urine is sexy.
Scottish council decides to raise statue to stop people putting traffic cones on its head. Petition by thousands makes them stop
Video Of White Supremacist Learning He Is 14 Percent Black May Be The Best Thing Ever
Santa Fe landscaper sees face of Jesus on rock
Male mannequins to feature hand down front of trousers
Football Player Quits NFL, Walks Away From Millions After Reading Chomsky & Dalai Lama
White supremacist finds out he's part African on The Trisha Show
Man Dies Mysteriously After Opening Box Labeled 'Pandora'
Toddler Burned Severely After Gasoline On Slide Sparks Fire
Woman Horribly Beats Man, 82, Who Pulled Over To Help Her After He Accidentally Dinged Her Car
Boy's Giant Neck Tumor May Be Cured With Viagra
Mom defends son's KKK costume
Glasgow Council Kills Plan To Prevent Traffic Cones On Monument's Head
PG-13 movies have more gun violence than R-rated films, study finds
Mexican Drug Cartel Selfies Show the Pouty Side of Crime
A Chinese Child's Lung Cancer Is Linked to Pollution
Jesus' crucifixion was legal: Spanish Study
Spain's solar police to kick in your door
Racist who wanted to create whites-only town proven to be of African descent
Atheist mega-churches on the rise
Political group "Generation Opportunity", is throwing college parties to convince students they are better off without insurance rather than Obamacare.
White supremacist discovers he's part black on talk show
David Cameron insists that squeeze on public-sector spending is permanent
DNA Test Stuns Man Who Wants All-White Town - Craig Cobb is 14% sub-Saharan African, test reveals
Angry Cambridge pensioner hits out at a passing cyclist with a bag of dog poo
French Muslim women creatively circumvent burqa ban
My hometown newspaper has actually run out of ideas for content.
Christian rescue mission bans Kansas atheists from volunteering at Thanksgiving
Rescue Mission bans atheists from volunteering at Thanksgiving
Rutgers Plans Bruce Springsteen Theology Class
Deer with rabies kicks LaVale woman in the face
There Are Hundreds of Practicing Exorcists in the U.S.
Instagram Photo Of Suspects Eating $120 Worth Of Fast Food Leads To Arrest
Premier Inn guest Joseph Small hurled racist abuse with fire extinguisher hose up his bottom.
Wild boars and deer are overrunning Japan-and women are out to stop them
Large Runaway Crabs Roam German Train
If you can't stop rape, enjoy it, says CBI director Ranjit Sinha
White supremacist takes DNA test, finds out he's part black
RBS Banker 'Outraged To Be Paid Just £4m', Reveals Chairman
Dad May Lose Custody After Refusing to Take Son to McDonald's
NFL player cites reading Noam Chomsky among reasons he quit playing pro football
White supremacist finds out he's 14% African
Google patenting an electronic 'throat tattoo'
Student body president at Northwest Christian University reveals he is atheist
Hooters party for middle schoolers: Corbett coach succeeds in creating memorable season
Cambodia's Magic Toddler Is Healing the Sickly Masses
Xbox One: SKY NOW TV delayed until next summer
College Photoshops Black Man's Head Into Marketing Campaign, Forgets To Change White Hands
Murdered Over Pork Steaks: John Cunningham Found Guilty of Manslaughter
When pot smells in Denver, the Nasal Ranger goes in to investigate
Spain toughens up new 'sun tax' law. Homes can now be searched for illegal solar panels without warrant and offenders fined up to €60million ($80 million). : worldnews
Sarah Palin 'taken aback' by Pope Francis's 'liberal' statements
Proposed Calif. Law Requires Protective Eyewear in Porn
We need to stop coddling the elderly
Harry Potter producer David all set up to make a Temple Run movie
China, Cuba, Russia, Saudi win seat on top UN rights body | JPost
White supremacist finds out he's 14 percent black
Woman has ponytail cut in 'crazy' Little Italy attack
Potato power: the spuds that could light the world
Husband, wife and lover all live together
Meet the husband, wife and lover who live under the same roof
Chinese man's "hideous" face causes woman to fall and break four teeth
Man masturbated at DMV office, deputies say
The Seduction of George W. Bush
Last Jew in Afghanistan Faces Ruin as Kabobs Fail to Sell
Man given forcible 14-hour anal cavity search, and colonoscopy after rolling through a stop sign.
Innocent man given forcible 14-hour anal cavity search, X-rays, colonoscopy after rolling through a stop sign.
Robot Handjobs Are The Future, And The Future Is Coming
Saudi cleric says women who drive risk damaging their ovaries
Alarm Clock Wakes You To Show When You'll Die
Obama's Socialist Plot To Ruin America Sends Stocks Soaring
Blockbuster's last rental ever: "This is the End"
Back Injury Puts Football Player on I.P.O. Delayed List
Mike Tyson Says He Was on Drugs in Major Fights, Reveals How He Passed Tests
To ride the Moscow subway for free, do 30 squats
Mayor Rob Ford bobblehead a hot seller as hundreds line up at city hall
New invisibility cloak design 'drastically reduces' visibility
Ontario hunter charged after shooting self in buttock
Efforts to Vaccinate Against Polio in Sudan Blocked
Magic's 'Big Baby' Davis throws tantrum at Orlando Travelodge
Mike Tyson on past behavior: 'I feel like a schmuck'
New mothers to be offered vouchers to breastfeed their babies
Someone has been pooping in the Yale University dryers
No violation found in nailing scrotum to Red Square - court
Saudis, China, Russia Elected to UN Human Rights Council
In Terrifying News, You Can Now Have Sex With Robots
UK Man Drops Dead After Opening "Pandora's Box"
Author Of The PATRIOT Act Goes To EU Parliament To Admit Congress Failed, And The NSA Is Out Of Control
China, Russia & Saudi Arabia are the new members of the UN human rights watchdog
Report: Ex-Bears WR Hurd smoked pot 'all day, every day'
Northampton woman writes 'thank you letter' to burglars
Saudi swims to Bahrain: Jailed for illegal entry
Bacon painting fetches record price
A Man Named "Batman, Son of Superman" Sent to Prison
'Batman son of Superman' is sentenced to prison
Live Sharks Currently Guarding the First Launch Xbox One
Russian Cosmonauts Occasionally Infect the ISS with Malware
Dubai Grand Mufti issues fatwa on proper use of health cards
Mother grieves her loss
Britain pays mothers to breastfeed
The death of MI6 spy Gareth Williams, whose body was found in a padlocked sports bag, was probably an accident, UK police have said.
Sweden and Switzerland launch joint awareness campaign to help Chinese tourists tell the two countries apart
Spanish pianist on trial for noise pollution
Sweden and Switzerland launch join awareness campaign to help Chinese tourists differentiate between the two countries
MI6 spy found dead in bag probably locked himself inside, Met says
Economists Discover the Poor Behave Differently From the Rich
Spy whose naked, decomposing body was found padlocked in a gym bag in his apartment's bathtub died in an accident with no one else involved, say British police
'Now Hiring Must Be Mexican' Says Burger King Sign
China, Russia, Cuba win UN rights council seats
Batman Bin Suparman Jailed In Singapore
Reporter learns there is no such thing as a Ford Impala
Dark Knight Rises: Batman jailed for theft and drug abuse
OMG. Jst got fined 4 walking & texting
This robot butt is a painfully realistic video game for doctors
Saudi Boy Avoids Death Penalty For Shooting Elderly Relative After Mistaking Her For Monkey
Man held for didgeridoo attack on S. Calif. cab
Police: Spy in bag probably died by accident
Man's body found hanging in Paris flat, eight years after he died
Jailed Argentine ex-army officer Alejandro Lawless escapes
'If you can't prevent rape, you enjoy it,' says India's top police official | World news
Police: Death of British spy, found naked in locked gym bag, likely an accident
Sarah Palin fears 'liberal' Pope Francis being influenced by the 'sneering media' (xpost from /r/Politics)
Brazilian Prostitute Describes Justin Bieber's Penis As "Average"
Applebee's Declares Bankruptcy After Offering Free Alcohol For Veterans Day [x-post from /r/funny, /r/politics, /r/worldnews and probably a few others]
Lady Gaga admits that she is addicted to Marijuana.
Mike Tyson used fake penis to pass drugs tests while on coke
Couple's Ikea furniture-building mistaken for domestic disturbance
Burglars mistook smelly carpet for cannabis factory and left terrified homeowner hiding in bedroom, court hears
White Supremacist Finds Out He is Part Black
Burglars make off with 28 cases of creamed corn
DNA test confirms neo-Nazi is part African
Dwayne Bowe admits to smoking marijuana during traffic stop, asked police if Sonic was open
Sweden Is Closing Prisons Due to Lack of People to Put In Them
Russian performance artist freed without charge after nailing his testicles to Red Square (VIDEO)
Putin trumps Chuck Norris in black belt stakes
Alleged Hanson stalker says she didn't know about protective order
In court, 'Flume Dog' may have his day
Rome overwhelmed by faeces of migrating birds
Trending: Batman bin Suparman jailed in Singapore
Joey Crawford Nearly Ejects Ball Boy During Philadelphia 76ers Game
Bradlee Dean: Liberals Belong In Prison Because That's Where They Want To Go
Chinese confuse Sweden with Switzerland
We're not the same country, Sweden, Switzerland tell Chinese
A bear kills a monkey in a bicycle race in a zoo.
Naked Man Playing cowboys and Indians Arrested
Australia: 'Museum of Words' sacks founder
Justin Bieber Launches A New Social Network Dedicated To Selfies
Connecticut man self-described as 'Flume Dog' fights ban from Six Flags
The death of MI6 spy Gareth Williams, whose body was found in a padlocked sports bag, was probably an accident, police have said.
Man sues wife after she gives him 'ugly' baby
Flight grounded by farting woman
Death of British spy found padlocked in bag was accidental: British police
British Spy Found in Gym Bag Likely Died By Accident.
German letter takes nine years to reach addressee
Neo-Nazi learns he's part African
Spy whose naked body was found in padlocked gym bag 'probably' died by accident
British spy found in padlocked gym bag probably died by accident, police say
Floridian Masqueraded As Lawman To Secure "Police Discount" At Dunkin' Donuts
Food Helmet Sustains You With Algae
Sarah Palin fears 'liberal' Pope Francis being influenced by the 'sneering media'
White Supremacist Shocked To Learn He`s Part Black
UK police: Spy in bag probably died by accident
Spy whose dismembered body was found in a padlocked gym bag probably died by accident.
Florida man impersonates federal agent to get cheap doughnuts
UK police: Spy whose body was found in padlocked gym bag probably died by accident
Man impersonates officer to try and get discount on donuts - Sarasota News
Batman bin Suparman jailed in Singapore after he turns out to be a villain
Picture Of David Cameron Calling For Austerity In Front Of All Kinds Of Ridiculous Gold Things
British Spy Found Naked, Dead in a Locked Gym Bag Died by Accident, Police Say
SUBWAY TICKET MACHINE IN MOSCOW DISPENSES FREE RIDES IF YOU DO 30 SQUATS
Researcher finds a flea living in her FOOT - and LEAVES it there for two months so she can study it
NC KKK mistakenly attempts recruiting drive in black Florida neighborhood
British spy found in padlocked gym bag probably died by accident, police say (xpost /r/offbeat)
Gareth Williams, British Spy, Likely Died In Bag By Accident
Spy found dead and naked in padlocked gym bag likely died in accident: police
Russian Subways Now Accept Squats for Payment
Applebee's Declares Bankruptcy After Offering Free Alcohol For Veterans Day
Russian subway now accepting 30 squats as payment for ride
Poison zamboni causes shutdown at ice rink in Hamilton
British spy found dead in locked gym bag. Definitely an accident. Not foul play at all.
Every Franchise Ever and Then Some to Hit Theaters in 2015
Denver Police Are Using a Nose Telescope To Sniff Out People's Weed
Roadkill -- should it be what's for dinner? Why Montana has the right idea
Venezuela's president, Nicolás Maduro, chooses elections day as the "Day of Loyalty and Love for Supreme Commander Hugo Chávez and the Fatherland".
Venezuela Unveils Orwellian Ministry of Supreme Social Happiness.
Russian president released DVD "Learn judo with Vladimir Putin"
Good news everyone! The Denver police are using smelloscopes
Creation Museum Denied Membership By San Diego Museum Council
Lady Gaga: I'm 'too beautiful' on the cover of 'Glamour'
Obamacare ads, #gotinsurance, #brosurance
Arsenal fan loses house in wager against Manchester United fan who staked his car and wife
Border patrol agents go to jail after forcing drug smugglers to eat pot
Performances of the Harlem Shake with unforeseen consequences
30 squats for a subway ticket?
Harlem Globetrotter Player Almost Crushed By Falling Backboard
Prison for border cops who made smugglers eat pot
Face of Obamacare feels bullied
Former U.S. border cops who made smugglers eat pot get 2 years in prison
Male Chastity Devices Come In Chrome And Camo Finishes (Finally) For Your Weird Fetish [NSFW]
Rob Ford asked not to lead Santa Claus Parade
Rob Ford court documents reveal staffers thought prostitute was in his office, mayor was driving drunk
White supremacist shocked to discover he's part African during TV appearance
Neo-Nazi white supremacist finds out he's part African
Bizarre death of intelligence agent "probably an accident"
Bold College Student Has John Lennon Poster
World's oldest creature is revealed to be 507-year-old shellfish called Ming - until scientists KILLED it by opening it up to check its age
Semen is `good for women's health and helps fight depression`.
Mandatory protective eyewear in porn?
Report: Yankees Won't Sign Brian Wilson Because He Refuses to Shave His Glorious Beard
David Cameron calls for permanent austerity... while standing at a gold lectern
India's Top Cop Under Fire For Rape Remarks "If you can't prevent rape, you might as well enjoy it."
'I'm a role model,' says crack-smoking Toronto Mayor Rob Ford
'Football Was Fun but My Head Hurts'; NFL Player John Moffitt Quits, Leaves More Than $1 Million Because He Wants to Be Happy
Snapchat turned down more than $3B from Facebook
Police Say Spy Found in Bag Probably Died by Accident
Scottish statue to stay topped with traffic cone
Kansas City Chiefs WR Dwayne Bowe admits to smoking weed, asked police if Sonic was open
Christian group reportedly refuses to let atheists help feed the needy
India's top policeman Ranjit Sinha says 'if you can't prevent rape, you enjoy it'
Scalper Kenneth Cooper Tortured Over $20,000 In Fake Justin Bieber Tickets
George Clooney Is the Best Celebrity, Says George Clooney
Student sues school for $1.3 million after receiving C grade
Limbaugh accuses Obama of catering to prostitutes
India's Top Police Official: 'If You Can't Prevent Rape, You Enjoy It'
Atom Splitting in Kitchen a Hobby According to Swedish Man
Fire Truck Catches Fire
Richardson High Schoolers Learned Today That "Dateable Girls Know How to Shut Up"
Man Attacks Cab With Didgeridoo
A Letter to My Community After My Child Was Lit on Fire
Pianist could face six years in jail over noise complaint for playing piano more softly than a normal conversation.
New 'My Little Pony' characters too sexy?
Uniontown man successfully enrolls in Obamacare, "Just keep trying."
Ming the clam was the oldest animal ever. Then scientists killed it.
'Nasal Ranger' patrols for pot smells in Denver
UK spy found dead in a padlocked bag 'not murder'
Google Motorola Patents Bizarre Microphone Neck Tattoo Capable of Detecting Lies
Student sells tinned fresh air from French village
China gives $100,000 in aid to the Philippines
Robot Suicide? Rogue Roomba Switches Self On, Climbs Onto Hotplate, Burns Up
World's First Xbox One Being Guarded By Sharks
Ford asks Rob Ford to stop using trademarked blue oval logo
Atom splitting in my kitchen was a hobby, man tells Swedish police
"Batman bin Suparman jailed in Singapore" (BBC NEWS)
Burglars Busted After Posting Fast Food Photo to Instagram
Rape victim could have 'closed legs', says lawyer
A British couple have been cleared of dealing cannabis after claiming that they planned to burn their crop in sacrifice to the Hindu god Shiva
Neil Armstrong's Spacesuit Was Made by a Bra Manufacturer
Over 3,000 US prisoners serving life without parole for non-violent crimes | He did not kill the jacket!
Gay Couple Legally Marries in Olkahoma, Where Gay Marriage is Illegal
Car Mechanic Dreams Up a Tool to Ease Births
Man calls 911 because of lover's snoring
Herpes virus in 'Fifty Shades of Grey' in Belgium
Pensioner drinks nothing but Coke for 40 years in promise to mother.
Sweden's Ice Hotel told to get fire alarms
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford wants mandatory drug tests for city counselors
ISIS militants mistakenly decapitate rebel: Militants from the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) have publicly displayed in Aleppo what they claim was the decapitated head of an Iraqi Shiite pro-regime militiaman, amid claims the dead man was actually a rebel fighter. (r/syriancivilwar)
Woman-only pink taxis on the way
Woman loses wedding rings while changing bird's diaper.
Cow slurry fetish man from Cornwall transferred to prison
Police use 'nose telescope' for cannabis odour mapping
Florida Man Calls 911 Twice Within An Hour To Complain That His Neighbors Were Mean and Wouldn't Drink With Him
ANDY KAUFMAN's new identity revealed
Turkey Lifts Ban On Women Wearing Pants In Parliament
Severed hand on conveyor belt turned out to be a bear paw, police say
Man Arrested for Impersonating Cop to Get Discount on Donuts
Turkey lifts ban on trousers for women MPs in parliament
Dog that sniffs out pregnancies says KC polar bear not expecting
Google Plus is the Best Social Media Platform on the Internet today
Man Steals Taxi To Drive Himself Home From Jail | California Bail Bonds
Facebook Bans Birdwatching Ad for Referring to 'Juvenile Boobies'
Taylor Swift and All 5 Living Presidents Recite Gettysburg Address
Renault ships a brickable car with battery DRM that you're not allowed to own
Maryland Beer Pong League Shaken By Sexual Assault Allegations
Andy Reid Talks About His Own Ability at a Buffet When Trying to Describe Talent of Peyton Manning
Spanish cyclist fined €100 for eating croissant
Eco-destination 'Booby Week' campaign banned By Facebook
'Dateable Girls Know How to Shut Up': Christian Speaker's Gender Views Anger Students and Parents at Texas School | Video
Man impersonates officer to try and get discount on donuts
Fined For Posting a Negative Review Online
Al-Qaeda-linked rebels apologise after cutting off head of wrong person
Scientists Confirm World's Oldest Creature...But Kill it Determining Its Age
Grave problem for Washington after dead candidates win 3 races
Hey Tech Guys: Women Don't Want Massive Phones
Clam confirmed as the world's oldest creature at 507 - but scientists killed it when checking its age
It's a Man's Phone - My female hands meant I couldn't use my Google Nexus to document tear gas misuse
Long Island Men Capture Two Deer, Party With Them On Instagram
"Funeral Selfies" Will Shatter Your Faith in Humanity
What Amazing Thing Did Toronto's Mayor Say Today?
Survey: Southern drawl wins "sexiest" accent in North America
Police: Man posed as U.S. marshal to get discounted doughnuts
Renault Introduces DRM For Cars
Tattoo Parlors Packed for "Free Swastika Day"
World's oldest creature is killed by scientists opening it up to check its age
Fifty Shades of Grey Tests Positive for Traces of Herpes Virus
Woman offers wedding ring for Broncos-Chiefs tickets
Professional pianist facing possible six-year jail sentence for 'noise pollution.'
UN: Killer Robots could be outlawed.
David Cameron Calls For 'Permanent Austerity' In Front Of All Kinds Of Ridiculous Gold Things
Experts lobby UN for 'killer robot' ban
Islanders Fan: Angry MSG Host Al Trautwig Called My Mom!
Rob Ford Denies "Eating Pussy" During Live, Televised Press Conference
Fire knocks Palos fire truck out of service
Florida Man Accused of Impersonating Cop for Discounted Doughnuts
Rob and Doug Ford Are Getting Their Own TV Show
Three Men Arrested In Tennessee For Torturing Scalper Over Justin Bieber Tickets
Rob Ford Denies Telling Staffer He'd 'Eat Her P*ssy': 'I've Got More Than Enough at Home'
Virtual Affair Ends in Real-Life Divorce
Andy Reid compares his talent at a buffet to Peyton Manning's talent on a football field
MO Woman Possessed by Demon after Signing Up for ObamaCare
World's Oldest Creature is Killed by Scientists Opening it to Determine its age.
Apple Calls Teen An Hour After She Wrote CEO Tim Cook About Dictionary's "Gay" Entry
Man finds corpse hanging in new apartment
Mass. Man Defends Snapping 'Upskirt' Photos As Constitutionally Protected
Feds Printed Their Own 3D Gun And It Literally Blew Up In Their Faces
Professors Test Fifty Shades of Grey Library Book, Find It Has Traces of Herpes
Crack mayor denies oral sex with staffer in rant.
Al Qaeda-Linked Militants Apologize for Cutting Off Wrong Guy's Head
Camden County Sheriff Jim Proctor suspends deputy caught in blackface
Have You Been Smoking Pot? Denver Police Have a New Way to Tell: The 'Nasal Ranger'
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford Denies "Eating Pussy" During Live, Televised Press Conference
Man Steals Taxi to Drive Himself Home From Jail, Gets Arrested, Goes Back to Jail
Man Steals Taxi To Drive Himself Home From Jail
Al-Qaeda-linked rebels apologize after cutting off head of wrong person
Spirit Airlines running 'We're not smoking crack' deal
Al-Qaeda-linked rebels apologise after mistakenly cutting off head of fellow extremist
El Caballero Claims Phoenix Jones Took His Helmet & Cash, Leaves Rain City Superheroes
Testimony: Joke about actress Megan Fox led to son's murder of father
Deal struck: Woman sells wedding rings for Chiefs tickets.
House of Pain rapper is suing bouncy castle company 'Jump Around'
David Truscott, Naked Cow Manure Fetishist, Transferred From Hospital To Prison
Passenger falls out of plane in Florida
Jacqui Beck Learns She Was Born With No Vagina
Local News Reporter Interviews A Cat On The Street (VIDEO)
I was playing cowboys and Indians in the house, all by myself. I was the naked redskin and the poncho'd cowboy at the same time
China's Jiboazhai Museum Closed After Artifacts Discovered to be Fake
Rob Ford Is Too Busy Eating His Wife's Pussy to Eat Staffer Pussy
Motivational Speaker encourages female students to shut up and "Don't try to be a guy."
Cops: Man fired cannon during dispute
Man steals taxi on release from jail, cops say
Chinese Museum Forced To Close After Most Of Its 40,000 Artifacts Are Found To Be Fake
Denver Police Detecting Offensive Marijuana Odor Levels with Nose Telescope
Jungle Tribe's Language Based On Withering Sarcasm
'What's it like working with Mexican drug cartels?' Banking giant JPMorgan cancels Twitter Q&A after thousands of abusive tweets
This Happened: Mayor Rob Ford Actually Denied Eating Pussy on Live TV
Brian Wilson Won't Be Signed by New York Yankees After Refusing to Shave Beard
ISIS militants mistakenly decapitate rebel
Only Old White People Think Immigrants Threaten 'American Values'
Ranchers have a beef with new A&W hamburger campaign - Edmonton
Boyfriend Catches Guy in Bed with Girlfriend, Sets His Balls on Fire
Marvel Reaches Limit On Monthly Wolverine Comics Allowed Per Month, Wolverine & The X-Men Canceled
Kansas school suspends 13-year-old boy for wearing Vera Bradley purse
Boy Reportedly Suspended For Wearing Vera Bradley Purse To School
Male student, 13, suspended for wearing floral Vera Bradley bag to school
Researchers kill oldest living animal to verify it's the oldest living animal
'Nasal Ranger' Sniffs Out Pot Smoking and Odor Violations
Denver is using a "smell-o-scope" to try and regulate strong marijuana smells.
Colorado mulls banning drones for hunting game
Toronto mayor apologizes for lewd remark, will get a TV show
Man steals taxi after getting out of San Diego jail
FAO Urges Eating Of Insects
Debbi, 42, forces 30-year-old fiancé to take a lie detector test every time he leaves house - and bans him from watching TV in case he's attracted to another girl.
Andy Reid Says He's The Peyton Manning Of The Buffet Table
U.N. agency urges eating insects
Student body president at Christian University: "I'm an atheist."
Swedish Ice Hotel forced to install fire alarms
Cristiano Ronaldo gifts his range of boxers to RM teammates. Bale, Coentrao and others checked out his pics and say he looked good. Pepe asks for more boxers.
Kim Jong-Un Impersonator Delights Hong Kong, the Internet
Herpes virus in 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
Tragic Robot Suicide Stuns Small Town
Rob Ford Denies "Eating Pussy" During Live, TV Press Conference. "I'm happily married. I've got more than enough to eat at home."
Scientists date world's oldest animal at 507 years old - after they accidentally kill it
Spy found naked in bag 'probably died in accident'
Syria: Al-Qaeda-linked jihadis apologize after cutting off head of wrong person
Newspaper retracts 1863 editorial dismissing Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address as "silly remarks"
Al-Qa'ida-linked Syrian rebels ask for 'understanding and forgiveness' after mistakenly decapitating the wrong person
LAX security officer bled for 33 minutes as help stood by
Syrian rebels mistakenly behead fellow rebel
Chinese couple sell daughter to buy an iPhone.
China's aid to Phillippines dwarfed by Ikea
Police: Man Mistakes Gun for Lighter, Accidentally Shoots Hand
Denver's Smell-O-Scope Targets Marijuana's Skunky Scent
Syrian rebel 'beheaded in case of mistaken identity'
150 years later, paper retracts editorial panning Gettysburg Address
According to a survey, Fox News 'most trusted' source of news on Obamacare. No wonder so many people are misinformed.
Rally driver admits he has no idea what co-driver is saying. [x-post from r/funny]
Man trying to start white supremacist town learns he is part-black
Florida Mother Outraged After School Puts Son on Honor Roll
First Xbox One console to be sold is being guarded by sharks.
Bus Driver With 'Not See' License Plate Turns Out to Be a Nazi
Al-Qaeda rebels apologize after beheading their ally accidentally
McDonald's Adding A Third Window To Drive-Thru To Push Orders Through Faster
Miley Cyrus says she's 'one of the biggest feminists,' lets a DJ play drums on her rear
Alabama Man Won't Serve Prison Time for Raping 14-Year-Old
McDonald's May be Banned in NYC
Kenyans villagers chase down and capture goat-killing cheetahs
Team Hired to Photograph Florida's Beaches for Google Street View Traumatized by Nudists
Healthy Food Options At Schools Could Help Kids Eat Better
Al-Qaeda-linked rebels mistakenly behead fellow fighter, group says
Armed Florida man pretends to be a cop twice to get free donuts
McDonald's hopes 3rd window will quiet Twitter gripes
Herpes Virus Found on Library Copies of 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
Toronto City Council strips crack-smoking mayor of some power
PTC Blasts 'Family Guy' For Jokes About Rape, Sexual Exploitation Of Kids, And "Internal Defrosting Of Frozen Hot Dogs"
Rob Ford's treatment 'kind of like what they did to Jesus,' says brother Doug
Man Allegedly Went To Beer Pong Tournaments To Meet And Sexually Assault College Guys
About as many people say they've been abducted by space aliens as say they've committed voter fraud
'Britain's Horniest Student': Latvian bags title bedding three different men every week
NSA considers releasing confidential information so that Snowden can't do it instead
ITV Daybreak viewers left baffled by 'wrong time' on +1 channel's clock
Thousand-year old swordsman rises from the earth
Library copy of 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Has Herpes
Stoke-on-Trent woman puts intu Potteries shopping centre escalator out of action - by catching her shoe in it!
New Cancer Mascot Mr. Balls Senhor Testiculo Spreads the Love
The girl with no vagina: Teenager, 19, can't have sex or babies due to rare condition that left her without reproductive organs
Illinois bishop plans gay-marriage exorcism
Kenyans chase down and catch goat-killing cheetahs
Al-Qaeda-linked rebels mistakenly behead fellow fighter, rebel group says
Southwest Airlines pilot apparently tells passengers 'We're going down'
California Lawmakers Want Porn Stars to Wear Safety Goggles
New device by car mechanic car mechanic Jorge Odon aims to reduce stillbirths
Iran censors Wikipedia: targets politics, religion, sexuality - and Hermione
An Argentine car mechanic invents birthing tool inspired by wine corks
Man accidentally discharges gun during second amendment discussion, shoots printer
Exorcism being offered to cure depression and the winter blues. Recommended trip for Brits going to Poland instead of their normal cheap botox injections.
Ted Cruz's Father Suggests Placing Atheists in 'Camps'
South Africa cemeteries to microchip tombstones
Proof That Money Does In Fact Buy Happiness
Girl learns she was born without vagina after missing her period.
Official wants to de-fund library, users should 'go back to Mexico'
British Teen Learns She Was Born With No Vagina
Woman, 71, Struck Man, 38, In Face When His Phone Kept Ringing During "12 Years A Slave" Screening
You will suffer electric shock if you press non-Congress buttons on EVMs, Ajit Jogi warns voters : india
Man Barred From Every Pub In Dublin Regarded As A 'Bit Of A Legend' Amongst Peers
STOP THE MADNESS: Third person reports being anally violated by police
Fugitive Debates Facebook Commenters on Own 'Most Wanted' Pic
Student Omitted From Yearbook - Possibly for Tuxedo
Apple Cores Are a Myth - James Hamblin
'Big guy' sues White Castle over small booths
Rally racer says he doesn't understand anything his co-driver says.
Bruins' Iginla: Fighting Makes Hockey Safer
Spanish pianist facing jail time after neighbor alleges noise pollution
Jarome Iginla: Hockey is better, safer with fighting in it
Fifty Shades of Grey novel found to have traces of herpes
Woman sells Water enhanced with "Diamond energy"
Artist who nailed scrotum to Red Square is charged with hooliganism
Designer vagina surgery not to be carried out on NHS
Three bikies walk into court and told to leave immediately - Queensland, Australia
Spanish pianist faces jail over noise pollution claims
Harvard Students Organize "Singin' in the Rain" Benefit for Philippines Typhoon Victims
Atheists Show Snobby Christian Soup Kitchen How To Actually Be Good People.
[NSFW] Teacher feeds Semen Laced Cookies to Students
A White Supremacist Discovered He's Part Black on a Talk Show
Copies of "Fifty Shades of Grey" Test Positive for Herpes
Woman bans fiancee from looking at other women, including on TV.
Rich Man Buys House Next to Ex-Wife, Erects Giant Middle Finger Outside
Russian TV host blames falling meteorites on gays
Indian politician warns tribal voters that they will get an electric shock from the voting machine if they press any button other than the one for his party.
Fugitive Captured After Commenting on Own Wanted Photo
NY man in dispute with neighbors is arrested for firing unloaded Civil War cannon at them
Iceberg Vodka distances itself from Rob Ford
NY woman tells PA. cops cocaine is homemade soap
'Forward 50' List Of Top American Jews Acknowledges Pope Francis
Pope Francis listed among the top 50 most influential Jews
China, Cuba, Russia, Saudi Arabia elected to U.N. Human Rights Council
Man Calls 911 on Neighbors For Not Drinking With Him
Poll Finds Conservative Americans More Offended By Rainbow Flags Than Confederate Flags
Police Investigating Passive-Aggressive Parking Vigilante
Florida woman married to Ferris wheel-like ride she has loved for decades
Two Mexican Midget Wrestlers Killed by Fake Prostitutes
Syrian rebels sorry for beheading wrong guy
We Beheaded The Wrong Man, Syrian Terrorists Say
Louisiana council chair on defunding libraries: 'They're teaching Mexicans how to speak English'
Utah Paperboy Headbutted, Tackled and Trapped in Tree by Goat Named Voldemort
Anthropologist Held Hostage By Elves For 7 Years
You will suffer electric shock if you press non-Congress buttons on EVMs, Ajit Jogi warns voters
Al-Qaida-linked jihadists apologise after beheading ally in error
Apple shock at 'gay' dictionary definition
Robot suicide? Roomba turns itself on, climbs onto hotplate, burns to 'death'.
DSS worker arrested after boy found handcuffed to porch with dead chicken around neck
Prosecute HealthCare.gov? The FTC has rules about deceptive advertising. But they don't apply to the government.
Illinois Bishop Plans Same-Sex Marriage Exorcism
Chinese Eat Baby Soup for Sex: One Baby Policy Blamed for Killing Babies in China nsfw/nsfl
World-famous Swedish ice hotel is ordered to install smoke alarms (X-post /r/offbeat)
World-famous Swedish ice hotel is ordered to install smoke alarms
Syrian Activists Say Jihadists Mistakenly Behead Ally
High School Running Back Tony Picard Is 6'4" and Weighs 400 Pounds
Guest offers to marry girl after groom disappears, family relieved
Student Elina Desaine has been crowned 'Britain's horniest student'. She has won £500, a crate of alcohol and a year's supply of condoms, after impressing contest organisers by having sex with up to three men a week.
Man buys house next to ex-wife, erects middle finger statue
Owner of Dave's Killer Bread arrested
The aspiring actress who 'dates for dinner' and exploits men to eat at the fancy restaurants on her 'hit-list'
Ice Hotel in Sweden Forced to Install Fire Alarms
Full Beaver Moon comes Saturday, amid Leonid meteor shower
System Seller: Pornhub pledges to fully support the PS4
Residents demand Asbo for sex-mad badgers
Humans do NOT come from Earth - and sunburn, bad backs and pain during labour prove it, expert claims - Daily Mail
Apple & Samsung take massive 109% of mobile industry profits while competitors lose money
An Arizona Man Is Having A Great Time Tracking Down A Woman Who Stole His Amazon Package.
Foster child found handcuffed to porch with dead chicken around neck
Death penalty states scramble for lethal injection drugs
Poll Finds Pride Flag More Offensive Than Confederate Flag
Louisiana council chair on de-funding libraries: 'They're teaching Mexicans how to speak English'
Detroit is bankrupt: Could a gay neighborhood save the city?
Judge rules that defendant may blame his identical twin during trial
Researchers Accidentally Kill World's Oldest Living Animal While Trying to Determine its Age Read more: Researchers Accidentally Kill World's Oldest Living Animal While Trying to Determine its Age
Local knob peruses entire craft beer menu before choosing same thing as companion
Two Dead After 3D Printer Jams While Printing Gun
Strip club owner moves into house next to ex-wife and builds 12-foot bronze middle finger sculpture
Scientists accidentally kill world's oldest animal at age 507
Cantor Blames Obamacare For Demise Of Immigration Reform
Charlie Sheen reaches out to Toronto Mayor following news report
police called to house after neighbors reported screaming and banging; what they find is a frustrated couple trying to assemble Ikea furniture (xpost funny)
NSA Transparency Hurts Americans' Privacy, Feds Say With Straight Face
India Banned Dolphin Captivity on Moral Grounds; Refers to dolphins as "non human persons"
Official wants to de-fund libraries, users should 'Go back to Mexico' [x/post /r/books]
Gun owner accidentally shoots printer during discussion on 2nd Amendment rights
Jury finds girls, parents liable for calling teacher 'perv'
Dad made friend rape daughter twice! What the?
Qatar stadium design critics: it 'looks like a vagina'
The Design For Qatar's First World Cup Stadium Looks Like A Vagina
Child found cuffed with dead chicken around neck
'Death to America' concert at site of former U.S. embassy in Tehran
Doctor accused of selling false hope to families
Man pretends to be a police officer to get free donuts
Senator arrested for DUI after hosting anti-crime meeting
Police: Denied sex, man kills girlfriend with vacuum cleaner
Meet the Guy Who Created a Rabbi Shaped Dildo
Oprah: Racists Have to Die for Racism to End
Equality Award For Chik-Fil-A CEO
Man Buys Home Next To Ex-Wife And Erects Giant Middle Finger Statue
Islamists behead wrong person, and apologize for misunderstanding.
Most of the world's solar panels are facing the wrong direction
Leafs' 'Waffle Man' vows to strike again
Target hires former spy to help toy sales
Vancouver's ban on the humble doorknob likely to be a trendsetter
Miramonte teacher Mark Berndt fed blindfolded students semen cookies
Man is forced to take lie detector tests by obese wife to make sure he's not been looking at other women.
13-year old charged with raping his grandmother
Scientists Show That Peter Pan Grows Up With A Shot Of Iodine
Man buys house next door to ex and installs giant middle finger statue
Japanese TV station kicks off "Orgasm Wars" game show. The challenge: can a gay guy get a straight man to cum?
Japanese gay man tries to bring a straight porn star to climax in a TV show called "Orgasm Wars"
Policemen arrested for robbery
Man Dies After Swallowing $54,000 Worth of Meth He Thought Was a Health Drink
Joan Jett Kicked Off Thanksgiving Day Parade Float Because She's A Vegetarian
UK's most jealous woman makes partner take daily lie detector tests
German collector hid art out of 'love'
12 Reasons Why Obama Is One of the Best Presidents Ever - Huffington Post - "He is for peace. Let us never forget that Barack Obama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009."
Thom Yorke calls Spotify 'the last desperate fart of a dying corpse'
Why one mom is outraged that her kid made the honor roll - FOX 13 News
Vancouver to now recycle cigarette butts!
Cheney Family Airs Gay Marriage Feud on Facebook
World War II vet told he's too old for memorial parade
Beer 'saves' 6 while clinging to a tree at height of storm | Manila Bulletin | Latest Breaking News
Burning jandal 'nuisance' for fire crews
Cleveland and Lisa Cox, Ohio Couple, Give Back Adopted Son After 9 Years
Liberty Township couple gives back adopted son after 9 years
Benedict Cumberbatch Is a Gay Erotic God in China
Boehner hosts mtg. to bring Russia, Uganda anti-gay strategies to US
Boehner hosts meeting devoted to `the policies of decline, death and disease promoted by the Sexual Radicals`
Female Officer Acquitted For Sexual Relationship With Enlisted Female Because Honestly, It's Kind Of Hot Read more: http://www.duffelblog.com/2013/11/female-officer-acquitted-sexual-relationship-enlisted-female-honestly-kind-hot/#ixzz2kxsaAZz5
DNA-Tested White Supremacist Leader Who Invaded North Dakota Town Finds Out He Is 14% Black
KKK recruits in black neighborhood.
Man claims he has magnetic powers, can make objects stick to body
Rob Ford tells Fox News: 'I want to run for Prime Minister'
Ice Hotel told to get fire alarms.
Cheating Denver Broncos Flood Stadium With Marijuana Smoke, Cause Dizzied Chiefs To Lose Sunday Night Game
Boy found with dead chicken around neck; parents jailed
Binge drinking at UC Berkeley strains EMS system
What I learned as Captain America in a turban
Soldiers Posed With 'Killers' Before Deaths
Austin Professor to Live In a Dumpster for a Year to Promote Sustainability
SA woman Kylie Fiona Henry tells court she did not rape boy, 15, but did have sex dream about him
Tesco accused of carrying rubbish in food trucks to cut costs
Russian subway now accepts squats for payment
World's Largest Sperm Bank Says They Don't Want Your Ginger Sperm
Dedicated '200kph' road for UAE motorists could become reality
Congress Expands Entitlements for Chimpanzees
Man drives jet ski through Riyadh's flooded streets
Boris Johnson: Super-rich an oppressed minority like homeless people
Martin Bashir says Sarah Palin is an 'idiot' and suggests someone should defecate in her mouth
Concert hall spends €300 on a toilet brush
Morning reveille too loud for some close to Earle
Rapper Watson apologises after 30ft stage dive goes horribly wrong
"Blood Avocados": The Dark Side of Your Guacamole
Why did a Brazilian bury his Bentley?
POPE JOKES HE'S A PHARMACIST, PRESCRIBING PRAYERS
Boris Johnson (London mayor) says super-rich are 'put-upon minority' like homeless people and Irish travellers
ROBOTS LET DOCTORS 'BEAM' INTO REMOTE HOSPITALS
Emerson College to name school after Ron Burgundy
Emerson College to Name Communication School After Ron Burgundy
State cop shoots at minivan full of kids
China Lag Ikea in Aid to Philippines
China Lags Ikea in Aid to Philippines
Don't Be That Jerk Who Dies Taking a Selfie, AAA Warns
Is it right to waste helium on party balloons?
Police turn to nose telescope to sniff out marijuana
Wal-Mart Asks Customers To Donate Food To Its Needy Employees.
House Of Pain Frontman Sues "Jump Around" Bouncy Castle Rental Company
Kuwait tweeter gets 5 year prison sentence for 'insulting Prophet'
Qatar's accidental vagina stadium is most gratifying (xpost /r/soccer)
Bigger butts make for better health, study suggests
Older District residents feel ignored by businesses aimed at the young and the hip
Qatar's New World Cup Stadium Will Look Like a Giant Vagina
Qatar's accidental vagina stadium is most gratifying
Walmart asks its workers to donate Thanksgiving food... to Walmart workers.
They use the library to look at drugs and food stamps (on the Internet). I see them do it.
Grandmother and grandson to have child together
Police shoot and kill man for watering lawn, family awarded 6.5 million [video autostarts]
Ohio Walmart Criticized For Holding Food Drive For Own Employees
Is Walmart's request of associates to help provide Thanksgiving dinner for co-workers proof of low wages?
Wal-Mart Asks Workers To Donate Food To Its Needy Employees
George Zimmerman Arrested (AGAIN)
Ohio Walmart Held An Employee Food Drive...For Less Fortunate Employees
Rex Ryan, Willie Colon defend Jets' Saturday Dave & Buster's outing before losing to Bills
Zebra bites staffer at National Zoo; scared gazelle runs into barrier and dies
Fifty Shades of Grey goes viral - literally
Pakistani TV channels fined 1 crore for 'excessive' Indian content
Open-plan offices were devised by Satan in the deepest caverns of hell
Smoking baby quits 40 cigarette per day habit
Packages sealed with "Atheist" tape go missing 10x more often than controls
Man buys house next to ex-wife, erects giant middle finger statute (X-Post: News)
Google patents lie-detecting throat tattoo
Siri is a Ron Paul fan, Apple's iPhone admits
Scanning Dead Salmon in fMRI Machine Highlights Risk of Red Herrings
Man buys house next to ex-wife, erects giant middle finger statute
George Zimmerman Arrested for Domestic Violence Against Girlfriend
Famous smoking 2-year-old quits habit, picks up junk food addiction
Coffee Maker Cooking: Brew Up Your Next Dinner : The Salt : NPR
Police: Mailbox smashed with bag of deer parts
White supremacist finds out he is 14 per cent African in front of TV studio audience
Popular restaurant denies using human faeces
Nude Woman Boards Red Line, Claims To Be 'Goddess Of The Train'
India's monkeys 'to be put on the pill'
Kanye West Goes to Harvard, Delivers Manifesto on Architecture
How Not To Milk A Cat
Mayor Rob Ford tackles Toronto City Councillor
Texas Conservative Student Group Hosting 'Catch An Illegal Immigrant Game'
Walnuts Are drugs, Says FDA
UT student group plans 'Catch an Illegal Immigrant' event
Following controversy, Young Conservatives to change event to 'Ring Around the Korean'
Walmart Holding Canned Food Drive For Its Own Underpaid Employees
Embarrassed husbands will have to discuss plans to watch online porn with their wives, says David Cameron
William Gibson, Genital "Fluffer," Said He Was Just Airing Penis Out
Fox News' Hasselbeck: Obamacare is hurting 'many' elderly pregnant women.
Rape Porn in the U.K. Could Get You as Much Jail Time as Sexual Assault in the U.S.
Kennedy died, but the haters did not win
Boris Johnson says super-rich are 'put-upon minority' like homeless people and Irish travellers
Parents Fined For Not Sending Ritz Crackers In Kids' Lunches
American directs large 'middle finger' statue at home of ex-wife
Using tampon kills UK teen who suffered toxic shock syndrome: family
'Selfie' the Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year
17 firemen called out to deal with burning January (x-post /r/newzealand)
17 firemen called out to deal with burning jandal (x-post /r/newzealand)
'Nerdy Bandit' Robs Portland American Apparels, But His Real Crime Is Wearing This Fedora
Carrot Top: 'I'm Sorry That I Look Good'
Aldi withdraws beef products due to horse meat
The Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2013 is...
"Oh My God, He's Attacked Somebody!" Rob Ford Goes On Rampage
Chain-Smoking Toddler Quits Cigarettes, Puts On Weight.
Former NFL cheerleader accused of sexually assaulting 12-year-old boy
Shivering boy found handcuffed on porch with dead chicken around his neck
New private school policy could deny admission for gay home life
Boy found chained to porch with dead chicken hanging in neck.
Lawmaker hammers home his homeless solution
George Zimmerman arrested after police respond to disturbance call
Man, unhappy with ex-wife, buys house next to her and puts up gigantic middle finger statue
John Kerry declares the end of the Monroe Doctrine era
Oxford Dictionaries names 'selfie' word of the year
Rob Ford says he's quit drinking, has had 'come-to-Jesus' moment
Spain is pretty serious about taxing the sun.
Arthritic penguin's acupuncture relief
White Supremacist Who Just Learned He Was Part Black Arrested
'You Guys Have Just Attacked Kuwait': Rob Ford Compares Toronto City Council to Saddam's Iraq
Costco -- the Bible is fiction
Billionaire Las Vegas CEO launching effort to kill online gambling
The Internet Gives Me 'Brain Orgasms' and Maybe You Can Get Them Too
No One In Australia Wants To Go To Justin Bieber Concerts Anymore
Gary Miles burned Paul Stamp alive for drinking beers, Darwin court told
Justin Bieber: The concert no one wants to go to anymore
George Clooney lookalike 'offered thousands to sleep with man's wife'
Fitness Linked to Lower Heart Attack Risk in Heart Disease Patients
Well, here we go, another penis biter!
Google to remove image of dead teenager from Maps
Man who had sex with cow manure is jailed
Gun in pants pocket fires in Walmart; owner keeps shopping
Police investigate Alice in Wonderland mural for "racism"
Another couple found guilty of murder for parenting by "To Train Up a Child"
This Millionaire Poker Player's Instagram Makes The Rich Kids Of Instagram Look Poor (Photos)
Texas Student Group Offers $25 Reward in 'Catch an Illegal Immigrant' Game
Boston policemen complain about new plan to watch their movements Anon officer: "No one likes it. Who wants to be followed all over the place?"
Insulting the king could get you 7 years in prison.
Lion Kills Lioness At Dallas Zoo; Check Out Eva Longoria's New Boyfriend
BBC News - Fresh blow for embattled Toronto mayor Rob Ford
Toronto mayor Rob Ford says he has given up alcohol
Fresh blow for embattled Toronto mayor Rob Ford
Florida woman marries giant Ferris wheel called Bruce.
University Of Texas Students Cancel 'Catch An Illegal Immigrant Game'
Girl's Coach Accused of Biting Player
3 People Outraged By Arne Duncan's 'White Suburban Moms' Comment
Rob Ford says he has quit drinking and had a come to Jesus moment
5 Reasons To Date A Girl With An Eating Disorder
Do you have EMAIL APNOEA? 80% of people stop breathing properly when typing
Walmart Seeks Food Donations to Help Needy Employees
Harry Potter stamp riles Postal Service panel, traditional stamp collectors
Boston policemen complain about new plan to watch their movements
PlayStation 4 sale leaves one dead and second man injured in Florida
Amsterdam pays alcoholics in beer to clean streets
Cheats want government jobs, research finds
Cheating students more likely to want government jobs, study finds
Fake news site issues statement that its story about UNICEF developing invisible park toilet is fake (for real)
Hawaii Rep. Tom Brower Takes A Sledgehammer (Literally) To Homelessness Problem
Gitmo good life: U.S. spends millions on landscaping, art classes for terror detainees
Lawmaker Says Violence Is the Solution to Homeless Problem
City Hall in New Jersey Evacuated After Mayor Receives Picture of Tim Tebow
William Gibson: Man accused of indecent exposure claims he was 'airing his penis out'
Jersey City City Hall hazmat scare: Harmless powder and 'spiritual stuff ... a picture of Tebow'
Bjork Explaining Television Is Everything You'd Imagine Bjork Explaining Television to Be
North Dakota White Supremacist Losing Support from White Supremacists
Teenager went for drunken night out in Oldham and woke up in PARIS
State Rep. Uses Sledgehammer To Destroy Homeless People's Possessions
Man goes out clubbing in Manchester and wakes up in a toilet in PARIS | Real Life | Life & Style
Colorado Making Students Go To Women's Hoops Game And Stay For The Entire Thing In Order To Get Tickets For Men's Game vs. Kansas
State Rep. Smashes Homeless Peoples' Stuff With a Sledgegammer
Woman cited by President as Obamacare success story frustrated by sign up process (xpost)
Elle magazine names 'North Korea Chic' as a top fashion trend for fall 2013
Walmart Asks Customers To Donate Food To Its Needy Employees
Boycott Israel Websites Built Using Israeli Software Wix
Now You Can Live in a House Made of Drugs, Some Assembly Required
Knockout game is killing innocent civilians
Authorities Require Swedish Hotels To Install Fire Alarms
Man goes out clubbing in Manchester and wakes up in a toilet in PARIS
3rd grader suspended after crushing, sniffing Smarties candy
Hawaii lawmaker 'solves' homeless problem by destroying their stuff with a sledgehammer
Hawaiian lawmaker tackles homelessness with a sledgehammer approach
Chick-fil-A CEO's equality award sparks backlash.
Best No Med coverage information site
Rob Ford has 'come to Jesus' moment'; vows to be slimmer by spring
Skins' Performance on the Field Affecting Fan's Performance in Bed (xpost r/Redskins)
City Hall Evacuated After Jersey City Mayor Receives White Powder, Tim Tebow Pic
Selfie the 'Word of the Year' and on course for the Oxford English Dictionary
'Selfie' is Oxford Dictionary's 'Word of the Year'
Update: Orchard Lake Man Erects Giant Sculpture To Flip Off His Neighbor
Vancouver bans the use of doorknobs
Nobody Panic, But Vancouver Has Banned Door Knobs
Skins' Performance on the Field Affecting Fan's Performance in Bed
'Catch me if u can' comment on Rosenberg PD's Facebook post leads to suspect
Man loses house in tornado, remains upbeat after PS4 survives
Swansea police pay $750 "ransom" after computer virus strikes
14-year-old boy impersonates cop, police say. Teen goes on traffic patrol wearing real police uniform, but is unarmed, authorities say.
Woman wields frozen turkey in grocery store melee, police say
State troopers caught speeding to donut shop
Protect Your Genitals with Radiation-Proof Underwear
Craig Cobb Courted By Two Los Angeles' Production Companies for reality show
George Zimmerman charged with felony assault after threatening pregnant girlfriend with a long-barrel shotgun
Palin Stands by 'Slavery' Remarks on CNN: 'I'm Not One to Be Politically Correct'
Black supremacist calling for mass murder of whites still employed by Homeland Security
Report: George Zimmerman Arrested for Assaulting Pregnant Girlfriend
Wal-Mart store's food drive for its own workers
Florida congressman arrested for cocaine
High School Football Team Taunts 'Indians' Opponent With 'Trail Of Tears' Banner
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford's Reality Show Cancelled After One Episode.
'Too Fat To Fly' Frenchman Banned From Eurostar
Neighbors disturbed by murder next door
Chik fil a CEO wins equality award
McDonald's Advises Hungry Employees to Break Food Into Little Pieces
50 Shades Of Grey Tests Positive For Herpes At Library
Slowly, Priest Realized Celibacy Was A 'Destructive' Force : NPR
Woman marries a ferris wheel after a 30-year relationship
Rob Ford's Reality TV Show Canceled After One Episode
Daniel Day Lewis' Son "GabeDay" Deals With Fame by Being a Terrible Rapper
Lawsuit Paid In Full: Samsung pays Apple $1 Billion sending 30 trucks full of 5 cent coins
Blueprints for prison may have been stolen
Hotel made of ice told to put in smoke alarms
Girl Who Spent £22k On Her Body Shocked That Men Want To Sex Her But Not Date Her
'I get offered sex all the time, but no-one asks me out for dinner': Glamour model who spent £22k on her body says men can't see past her fake breasts and fillers
Proof positive that inputs for 99% of economic modeling are garbage
Fox Business Host: "Is There Something About The Female Brain That Is A Deterrent" To Having Female Tech Executives?
Free heroin brings everyone a bit of peace.
Chicago woman hopes to turn things around after 396 arrests
Alabama high school taunts 'Indians' opponent with 'Trail of Tears' sign
Wal-Mart sets up Thanksgiving food drive -- for its own employees
Ohio Walmart Holds Food Drive For Its Own Employees
Men With Attractive Wives Report Higher Levels Of Marital Satisfaction, New Study Finds
FBI Labels PhD Candidate's Research 'A Threat to National Security'
Elon University Offering Masturbation Course
Researchers Determine World's Oldest Animal to Be a 500-Year-Old Clam, But Kill It in the Process
Man heats home with over 4000 Christmas lights.
Mystery humans spiced up ancients' rampant sex lives
Sledgehammer-Wielding State Rep. Bashes Homeless People's Shopping Carts to Solve Homeless Problem
Gay Man Tries To Make Straight Guy Climax On Japanese Game Show [slightly NSFW]
Promiscuous mice bear sexier smelling sons
Swedish ice hotel required to install fire alarms
Arcade Fire isn't sorry for 'dress code' it issued to fans for concerts
Ex-NFL ref: 'Uncatchable' should only be factor in 'Tim Tebow-type' passes
Hull to be UK City of Culture 2017
White, anti-gay activist pretends to be black to win election
Johnny Knoxville discovers he comes from 'significant in-breeding' | General News
Gay pupils insulted by homophobic phrases used at school
Teacher, Mark Berndt, Pleads Guilty To Feeding Students Semen-Laced Cookies In Los Angeles School
Venezuelan President Claims Ghost of Hugo Chavez Appeared in Wall
Mark Berndt: Teacher at Miramonte Elementary School blindfolded children as young as eight and gave them cookies laced with his own semen
Teacher faces life in jail for feeding children cookies laced with his semen
Doorknobs have now been banned in Vancouver
St. Cloud To Students: Keep Your Couches Inside
Man Accidentally Fires Gun From Pocket in Walmart, Continues Shopping
Man who rapped about murder, robbery, guns convicted of those crimes
Beaver steals hunter's rifle
Paul Ryan: Poor People Need Jesus, Not Food
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro Says He Sleeps In Hugo Chavez's Mausoleum
Man Accused of Burning Alive and Killing Friend Who Drank The Last of His Beer
Police: Man steals shoes, says 'must be a Winona Ryder thing'
Donald Sutherland: 'I want Hunger Games to stir up revolution'
ELLE Magazine Declares North Korea a Fashion Trend
Oklahoma Drops National Guard Benefits For All Couples To Avoid Serving Same-Sex Couples
Cristiano Ronaldo building a museum dedicated to himself
Amsterdam Takes Advantage Of Alcoholics By Paying Them In Beer To Clean The Streets
Wikipedia Sends Cease-And-Desist Letter To 300-Strong Sockpuppet Army
White Suburban Moms' Realizing 'Their Child Isn't As Brilliant As They Thought
Queen relaxed after guide touches her back in protocol breach
Rowan Atkinson ditches £3m F1 supercar for modest Skoda
Women In India Are Risking Their Lives Just To Use A Toilet
David Cameron follows 'high-class escorts' on Twitter.
English Has a New Preposition, Because Internet
Arrested 396 times, seeking fresh start.
Your child's backpack: convenience... or death trap?
A neat way of finding whats trending on social networks without checking facebook/twitter
'Accidental Vagina:' Qatar's new football stadium sparks controversy
Trey Radel, Busted On Cocaine Charge, Voted For Drug Testing Food Stamp Recipients
Trey Radel voted to drug-test food stamp recipients prior to getting busted
McDonald's Advice To Underpaid Employees: Sell Your Christmas Presents For Cash
'Stoke' level high as snowstorms turn Summit County ski areas into winter wonderlands
In Dumbest Possible Launch, Instagram's Windows Phone App Leaves Out The Photo Taking
Utah town forgets to hold election - again
Mayoral Proposal: Sheep Instead of Lawnmowers for Public Parks in Portland, Maine
Johnny Knoxville discovers he comes from 'significant in-breeding'
Man high on Molly removed part of his girlfriend's stomach by inserting his fist into her anus
Portland (Maine) proposal would replace city lawn mowers with sheep
Why is everybody laughing at Dan Brown? That's what he wants
'Dullest' calendar - of telephone boxes of Wales - fails to sell
Swedish Lingerie Company Solves North Korea's Real Problems by 'Love Bombing' it With Pink Panties
UK leader: Husbands 'must admit they watch porn'
Costco apologizes after local pastor finds Bibles labeled as 'fiction'
World's dumbest thief caught when he casually admits to the crime
Only In America: Kansas Town Installs Phone Prayer Booths So Residents Can Call God Whenever They Want
Man Signs Up For His Insurance; His Dog Gets Covered Instead
Obamacare 'success story' says she can't afford new health plan
Vancouver Bans ... Doorknobs
White Supremacist Lynches Himself after Learning of His Black Ancestry
New Canadian plastic bills smell like maple syrup.
Vancouver has banned the doorknob. Is the rest of Canada next?
Study touted by feds says married women must 'calm down' in spousal spats
Emus Take Over Australian Town After Drought Drives Them From Brush
Cats receive $250K, house in owner's will
Texas Drivers Stopped at Roadblock Asked for Saliva, Blood
Mike Tyson gives Evander Holyfield his ear back
Canada's new plastic bills smell like maple syrup.
Colo. man informed his dog has successfully signed up for ObamaCare
Costco in Simi Valley labels Bibles as fiction; pastor disagrees
Wisconsin's Weapon for Icy Roads: Cheese Brine!
'Hip-hop conservative' congressman to be arraigned on cocaine charge
Jose Canseco Got Pulled over with Goats in the Car
Chris Brown Gets Booted Out Of Anger Management Rehab After Throwing Rock Through Mom's Car Window
The U.S. government is sending a team of federal officials to help Puerto Rico manage an economic crisis.
Naked man arrested for concealed weapon
Philippines Disqualified from Beauty Pageants for the Next Two Years
Rush Limbaugh mocks an obese drug addict
Grief-stricken widow in Belgium sleeps next to corpse of husband for nearly a year
HHS Plans to Spend Up to $7 billion to Find Ways to Reduce Costs Under Obamacare
McDonald's Tells Employees To Consider Returning Holiday Gifts To Get Out Of Debt
People are offering BJs in exchange for Brand New tickets
Home of North Dakota white supremacist defaced by racist graffiti after revelations about his 'African' DNA
Bibles labeled as 'fiction' at California Costco store
Archaeologists looking for Stonehenge origins 'are digging in wrong place' | Culture
McDonald's to employees: break food into pieces to feel full
St. Pete man lines up for 110th time for Chick-fil-A opening
Jose Canseco pulled over by cops with goat wearing diaper in his car
Philippines fishermen warm to fridge boats
A Centenarian's Advice to Young Women: Figure Out What You Want
Kevin Durant's new sneakers are crab-themed
Is BP 'trolling' its Facebook critics?
Playboy Model Catarina Migliorini Selling Virginity... Again
Bibles labeled 'fiction' at Simi Valley Costco; company apologizes
Gov. Quinn signs Illinois same-sex marriage bill, as bishop conducts `exorcism'
Coming Soon to Your Bedroom: Beef-Tendon Condoms
Costco Apologizes for Labeling Bibles as Fiction
America wants Rand Paul, says Rand Paul
National Guard benefits: Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin denies benefits to all soldiers just to discriminate against gay ones.
Politician fights homelessness by destroying their shopping carts.
Politician fights homelessness by smashing their shopping carts.
Hawaii legislator smashes shopping carts to deal with homelessness
Check Out These Wonderful Tips About Lawyers
'Lucky' dead kitten in foot-long sausage
NHS chief called in to treat ill Cyberman on BBC set
Microsoft Now Sells T-Shirts That Claim Google's Chrome Steals Your Data
McDonald's Tells Underpaid Employees To Sell Christmas Presents For Cash
Plans to allow children aged 12 to use guns legally in Northern Ireland
GOP Congressman busted for coke posession last month just voted to drug-test food stamp recipients
Woman has 'miracle' escape from falling cows
Eating nuts is tied to lower risk of death
Bihar introduces rules for office-seekers to have home toilets
Japan launches anti-radiation underwear after Fukushima crisis
Researchers discover new category of boredom
Jumbo jet stuck after landing at wrong airport
Saudi Arabian Man offering free hugs arrested by religious police (x-post from r/worldnews)
One Direction's Zayn Malik vows to ditch the fags
Norway's Army Goes Vegetarian to Combat Climate Chang
Microsoft Launches Anti-Google Merchandise Line 'Scroogled'
Oops! Boeing cargo jet lands at wrong Wichita airport
Catarina Migliorini Attempts Second Online Virginity Auction
Idaho hunters want more wolves killed
Moose-eating shark rescued in Newfoundland harbour
Pirate Party Gets Observer Status at World Trade Organization
Vancouver Banned Doorknobs. Good.
Florida tea party lawmaker busted on cocaine charge voted to require drug tests for food stamp recipients
So Awk: Abbott Adviser Calls Indonesian Foreign Minister a '1970s Filipino Porn Star'
Girl Who Sold Virginity for $780K Tries to Sell Virginity Again
Norway's Army Goes Vegetarian to Combat Climate Change
Three Women 'Held Hostage In London For 30 Years'
Rob Ford Laughs At Jon Stewart's Reaction To Crude Remarks
Schools beat the drum for equity
McDonald's apologises after explicit music featuring rape and pornography played in restaurant
Sony's SmartWig patent is a real head-scratcher
McDonald's sorry after explicit music featuring rape and underage sex played in restaurant
Republican Governor Denies Benefits to All Soldiers to Discriminate Against Gay Ones
Father arrested for picking up his kids from school
Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are racist
Beaver saves doe from certain death by stealing hunter's gun
Bishop Paprocki Stages Exocrism as Gay Marriage Becomes Law: 'Be Gone Satan'
Mom packs kids homemade lunch; school fines her and feeds kids Ritz Crackers
'Fifty Shades of Grey' Novel Carries Herpes Virus
Error In Bible Label Stirs Controversy
North Dakota white supremacist Craig Cobb vandalized for being part black
A man who decided to offer 'free hugs' in Saudi Arabia's capital Riyadh has been arrested by the state's religious police. [r/worldnews]
Man Dressed as Poodle Set on Fire by Friend
American university bans electronic music to curb MDMA use.
NASA Paying $18,000 for Staying in Bed for 70 Days
Town in Montana changes its name to Banff Alberta Canada
Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich is Racist, Says Portland School Official
The white supremacist leader who was revealed live on air to be of "14 percent sub-Saharan African", according to a DNA test, is now being targeted by with graffiti about his black heritage at the white supremacist enclave he's trying to build
'Fiscal Conservative' Congressman Trey Radel Vastly Overpaid for His Coke
Microsoft: 'Kinect Cannot See Through Clothing'
Costco lists Bible as fiction, issues apology
New York man sharpens pencils for $35 a pop
Dog successfully signs up for obamacare
Dennis Rodman, peace broker: Dennis Rodman wants to belly up to the bar with some friends and order a shot of peace talks.
Costco apologizes for Bibles labeled "fiction"
Reported Bat In Arlington Home Turns Out To Be A Sweatband
Suspicious package was found on rail car carrying toxic gas, turns out to be marijuana
This Playboy Model Is Auctioning Off Her Virginity...Again
Biden goes out for lunch, doesn't have enough money to pay.
Charles Manson: Gettin' hitched in the pokey?
New York Finally Fights Back Against the SantaCon Menace
Driver Arrested in Ohio for Secret Car Compartment Full of Nothing
Biden borrows money to pay for sandwich shop order
Safe sex needed a new hero - enter Bill Gates and his graphene condom
Brooklyn Bar Raises Drinking Age to 25 Because Young People Are Annoying
Wounded Marine Finds New Purpose in Modeling.
Boeing 747 Mistakenly Lands at Tiny Kansas Airport
Vancouver bans door knobs
Alleged Killer Kayla Mendoza Tweets "2 Drunk 2 Care" Before Causing Horrific Accident (r/News X-Post)
Harvard Students Disguise Themselves As Yale Students, Give Hilarious Tours Around Yale's Campus
Graphene condom project is focus of Gates foundation grant
Biden buys hoagies, backs filibuster rule change
Jose Canseco Pulled Over by Police with Goats Wearing Diapers in his car
Pub workers say men were refused service for being 'unusually pleasant'
Cat Called For Jury Duty; Owner's Request To Disqualify Denied
man attacks pregnant sister over chicken nuggets
Chantilly mom ships teen daughter to Siberia. Two years later, she's still there. Really.
This Painting Of The Danish Royal Family Will Steal Your Soul
Dog enrolls in Obamacare
Two men save shark from choking on moose | Fox News
Protesters Pray For Alex Rodriguez 'In The Name Of Jesus Christ'
Teens 'Shocked' To Find Out That The Hunger Games, Harry Potter, And The Lord of The Rings Were "Books" Firs
Guy Who Stole $150 Worth of Trading Cards Is Totally Getting Laid Tonight
Saudi Arabia man arrested for giving out free hugs
Canada: Local moose rescued from shark attack
French weather girl Doria Tillier fulfills pledge to forecast naked following France play off win
Giant Boeing 747 freighter successfully lands at intended airport
Amtrak police arrest man for taking photos of trains for Amtrak photography contest.
Chase bank "Freedom" credit cards that enslave you into debt.
Chase bank "Freedom" credit cards that ensalve you in debt.
Smarties-Candy-Snorting Epidemic in Schools
Drunk Scots force plane into emergency landing
McDonald's Tells Employees To Consider Returning Holiday Gifts To Get Out Of Debt Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/mcdonalds-to-employees-return-gifts-2013-11#ixzz2lKdrQ1LB
Charles Manson to wed 25 year old woman.
It's more than a week away!
Killed Windsor pilot listed Taylor Swift as next of kin
Banff Alberta Canada, Montana
Cat Called For Jury Duty In Boston
Dog requires surgery after eating homework
Neymar's face used to help sell 'high quality' cocaine
Costco apologizes after Pastor finds Bibles labeled as fiction
What A Dope! Chris Brown Wants To Take Medical Marijuana For Anger Management Issues
McDonald's restaurant turns to opera to drive out loitering teenagers
New study finds men with attractive wives more satisfied in marriage
White supremacist home defaced by racist graffiti after revelations about his African DNA
Man Leaves $250,000 and Home to Cats, Not Relatives
Bill Gates funds creation of thin, light, impenetrable graphene condoms
Canadians brave freezing waters to save shark choking on moose.(Link to original post)
Vancouver to ban doorknobs
Young hunter in northern Maine claims beaver took his gun
Derwood Hodgegrass Heats Ocean at His Southampton Estate
Brazilian Student, Catarina Migliorni, Who Sold Her Virginity for $780K Last Year Is Selling it Again; Wants $1.5 Million This Time
60 Year Old Filipino Musician converts to Islam to Marry his 16 Year Old Girlfriend
Does Facebook need a cemetery?
Bath taxi drivers facing sat-nav ban
Meet The 'Assassination Market' Creator Who's Crowdfunding Murder With Bitcoins
'Sad' fish slammed against window and stuffed through letterbox by youths after 'near-scuffle' with river staff in Cambridge
Bartender says he refused to serve black customers because they were being 'too nice'
Yemeni Gangnam Style wedding results in three accidental AK47 head shots at close range
Al-Qaeda opens a complaints department
Biden borrows $10 for lunch
Video: Irate customer catches man jacking off at Walmart
Peanut butter and jelly sandwhich is racist, says Portland School Official
Danish far-right party swaps mayorship for meatballs
Al-Qaeda's Syrian branch opens complaints department
John Boehner Successfully Enrolls In Obamacare 45 Minutes After He Blogs About 'Frustrating' Experience
Brazil woman to auction off virginity for second time
ESPN writer takes all-expenses paid trip to Qatar, now loves Qatar's World Cup bid
The Most Boring Article You'll Read Today
FCC proposes to allow mid-flight phone calls, ruining air travel for everyone
Al-Qaeda sets up 'complaints department' in Syrian city of Raqqa
Buffalo ranked 2nd best city to relocate to in America
School faces 'unmitigated disaster' after buying students HP tablets
Terrified Woman Claims Beyoncé and Terry Richardson Trapped Her Atop the Wonder Wheel
Burrito causes hubbub at Oklahoma City police station.
Town in Montana changes it's name to Banff Alberta Canada
IKEA Let Loose a Herd of 100 Cats Into Store to "See What Happens"
Cheese catastrophe ties up Interstate 45
Convenience store clerk arrested 62 times for trespassing at job (x post from R/politics )
Jay Z's glitzy collection unveiled at Barneys
OKC Bomb Squad Says Suspicious Item Was a Burrito
GOP Taps Rand Paul To Open Minority Outreach Office
Rand Paul to Help Launch GOP's 'African American Engagement Office' in Detroit
Penniless man is worth $65 mln, court rules - and must give wife half
Woman hopes to walk again after life-changing sneeze
Oklahoma bomb squad says that foil-wrapped suspicious object was just a burrito.
Richard Branson: Buy your space flight with bitcoin
Biden steps down as VP hours after becoming pro-life
Marines Commander Tells Woman She Deserved Rape For Wearing Running Shorts
Conservative MP Lord James: ''cyclists hope to be hit so they can film it''
Man Dancing to 'Gangnam Style' Accidentally Shoots, Kills Wedding Guests
Big Oil and Big Automobile Deliver a Win for the Environment
Yemen wedding celebration to 'Gangnam Style' ends with three dead when dancer accidentally shoots AK-47
Mayor Bloomberg wants to ban Styrofoam
Y chromosome: Why men contribute so little
Looks like the plot was foiled...
Elementary school principal declare sandwiches to be racist, makes club just for minorities.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic gives all his PSG teammates 'Zlatan limited edition' Xbox Ones
Florida Woman, Enraged When Duck Won't Eat Her Candy, Runs It Over With Car
The D.C. Government now owns a strip club
Oklahoma bomb squad says a foil-wrapped suspicious object is just a burrito
Alcoholics paid with beer to clean Amsterdam's streets
Miami Gardens PD Arrests Store Employee 62 Times For 'Working While Black'
South Bend man sentenced for pretending to be diplomat from non-existent country
Family Of Adric White, Robbery Suspect, Outraged At Good Samaritan Who Shot Him
Armed Robber's Family Angry at Customer Who Shot Him for No Reason
Saudi men arrested for free hugs
Mom fined $10 for not including grains in her child's lunchbox
Cops Pull Over Jose Canseco With Fainting Goats Wearing Diapers In His Car
Lady Gaga's pee turned into perfume
Rob Gronkowski Wants to Time Travel to Florida, Doesn't Know How Time Works
Canadians Rescue Shark Choking on Moose
Charles Manson: I'm bisexual, and I raped a man
Public masturbation on the rise in Vancouver
Tennessee man arrested after pretending to be a chicken in stranger's yard
'Diversity Consultant' Says White Paper May Make Students Racist
Suspect's family angry at Good Samaritan
Handcuffed man steals cop car.
Woman Gets One Missed Call and 48 Texts From Satan
Police quash rumours over mystery clown in Sheffield
Pornhub Offers to Fix Obamacare
Porn website offers to fix Obamacare site with its IT savvy
Va. legislator leaves hospital, tweets 'I am alive'
Acclaimed broadcaster Ron Burgundy to join TSN
Virgin police officer ruins undercover "happy ending" massages investigation
Sony patents LASER-FIRING Wi-Fi SMARTWIG with sideburn buttons • The Register
Charles Manson Getting Married To 25-Year-Old Named 'Star,' According To Her
Taylor Swift Named Next of Kin by Pilot Who Died in Nashville Plane Crash
Man steals alligator from Flint RiverQuarium
Syracuse police: handcuffed man stole police car
McDonald's to employees: Break your food in small pieces to feel full
Poll shows Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has higher job approval rating than President Obama
Several Ticats suffer frostbite from frigid practice
Texas Governor Rick Perry Compares Medicaid Coverage To Drowning Victims On The Titanic
Cheese made from human toe jam, belly-button bacteria
Ohio Driver Arrested For Having Empty Secret Trunk Compartment
Chris Brown resists suggestion he needs more counseling by throwing a rock through his mom's car window
Cotton-Ball Diet' Rotten, Say Nutritionists
The new bling in eyewear. Implanting platinum jewelry in your eye
Implanting platinum jewelry in eye
Florida police accused of racial profiling after stopping man 258 times, charging him with trespassing at work
Fairfield companies searched, 8 arrested in connection with milk crate theft ring
Shark Choking on Moose Saved by Canadians in Newfoundland
Prostitute mom arrested after trying to take baby to work
Eyeball Jewelry: Woman Has Platinum Heart Implanted In Her Eye, But AAO Says It's A Bad Idea
Gun Shaped Cloud Spotted, Students Suspended For Five Days
Woman gets platinum 'eye jewelry' implanted in optic membrane
Suspected burglar at large after somehow stealing a police car while handcuffed and locked backseat
Screw Salt, Wisconsin Is De-Icing Its Roads With Cheese Brine
Wisconsin is solving icy roads like it solves everything else: With cheese
Indian Idolatry | NewsLineUSA
Toronto mayor Rob Ford 'more popular than Barack Obama'
Woman Gets Platinum Jewel Implanted in Her Eye to Make Herself Unique | Oddity Central
Nurse in intensive care after being trampled by a herd of cows while taking part in hi-tech sat-nav treasure hunt
Dow Jones Industrial hits new record high
Woman Gets Platinum Jewel Implanted in Her Eye to Make Herself Unique
Porn Company Creates Interactive Sex Game for Microsoft Kinect
Able-bodied woman wants surgery to make her paraplegic
Study: Cats recognize owners' voices but seem too cool to care
The crack-smoking mayor of Toronto is still more popular than Obama and the US Congress.
Newly 'married' couple gets stuck for 2 days during intercourse (x-post r/offbeat)
Barbecue-smelling heroin leads to arrest of Silvis restaurant owner
Black Supremacist DHS Employee Still Getting Paid
Someone has made cheese out of Michael Pollan's belly button bacteria
Burglar makes off with Pop Tarts and milk
Chef's 'mulled swine' could be answer for hard-up families as price of Christmas dinner soars
Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich Racist, Warns Portland School Official
Limbaugh Recalls His Idea For Women In Military To Synchronize Menstrual Cycles, So They'd Be "Ready To Be Banshees"
Florida Man ____ a _____ while _________
Elderly Ex Con Robs Bank Because He Missed Prison
Toronto mayor Rob Ford 'more popular than Barack Obama' Crack-smoking antics of Rob Ford do not appear to have put off his supporters, poll shows
Actor arrested for laughing during Youth Congress leader's speech
Rush Limbaugh uses rape analogy to decry filibuster rule change
Cops Called Over Cosplayer's Underboob
'I pity vegetarians in the same way I pity virgins, teetotallers and men who are not interested in sport' - We Love Food - Ronan McGreevy, news reporter
Widow Sleeps With Dead Husband's Decomposing Corpse For A Year After His Death
Shark nearly chokes to death on moose, is saved by Canadian bystanders
Catching Fire theater caught on fire (X-POST from r/HungerGames)
Michigan GOP Recruits Civil Rights Act Critic Rand Paul To Launch African American Outreach Project
Who's responsible when a sperm freezer defrosts?
Gardaí find cannabis growhouse at Newtwopothouse - The Irish Times
Children of 8 are 'racist' if they miss Islam trip
Ugly Women Wanted For Army Ads? "Ugly Women More Competent," Army Colonel Says In Leaked Email
English school threatens to label kids racist for YEARS unless they attend Islam field trip
Teacher Faces Discipline for Letter Home About Smelly Children
Study: Men With Attractive Wives More Satisfied In Marriage
Gynecologists Run Afoul of Panel When Patient Is Male
No One Jerks Off on Christmas Day or Thanksgiving
Iowa parents defend bullying of autistic teen
Pedophiles want same rights as homosexuals :: Northern Colorado Gazette
Speaker Boehner Fails Miserably in Attempt to Prove How 'Frustrating' Obamacare Is
Man Arrested 60+ Times For Trespassing At His Own Job
Teen Thrown In Violent New York Prison For Years Without Ever Having Been Convicted
Watch: Teen Thrown In Violent New York Prison For Years Without Ever Having Been Convicted
The Change.org Petition to End All Change.org Petitions
Women are 'Bitchier' than Men, a Non-Experimental Study Says
Subway Owners Arrested After Human Trafficking Investigation
Two Turkeys die after being pardoned by the President
Live in a D.C. penthouse for $1 a month-you just have to be naked 24/7
Pecker Packing Smuggler Busted With a Dozen Peckers in His Pants
Store owner installs surveillance cameras to spy on police
Burgled Pennsylvania tattoo shop offers body art for info
Q: 'Siri, What Are Your Political Views?' A: Ron Paul
Christians Arrested for Reading Bible Outside DMV Declared 'Not Guilty' By California Court
Hundreds of Crashes as Las Vegas Gets Rain (x-post from r/vegas)
Trash Protest Sign Trashed
Hundreds of Crashes as Las Vegas Gets Rain
Pope Francis warns against commercialising athletes
Prestwick Airport sold to Scottish government for £1
'I Sold My Sister for 300 Dollars' Jordanians, Egyptians and Saudis are visiting Syrian refugee camps to buy virgins
Former fire chief pleads guilty to arson
Hawaii lawmaker pounded for taking sledgehammer to homelessness
Apparently This Matters: Fart-filtering underwear
Girl starved to death while parents raised virtual child in online game | World news
Yemeni wedding guests accidentally shot while dancing to Gangnam Style
NASA debunks prank letter regarding 'breakthrough in awesome space rockets'
DIY Death: Natural, At-Home Funerals And Their Boomer Appeal
Cornyn Tweets Amid Iran News: 'Amazing What WH Will Do To Distract Attention From O-care'
A former stray dog has pulled himself up by the bootstraps and created a better life for himself. A life that includes becoming the first dog ever to climb Mount Everest.
Yemen 'Gangnam' wedding dance turns deadly
UCLA Prof accused of racist "micro-aggression" for correcting student grammar
LeBeau Plantation fire update: Why cops say ghost hunters burned landmark
Of course presidents lie
The "Masturbation Diet" Is Not Recommended
'Guns do not make a nation safer,' say doctors
iPhone Selfie Leads Winnipeg Police To Teen Robbery Suspects
One missed call and 48 texts from satan
Palace, Binay: Pacquiao win means we can weather storms (Philippines)
Female RAF recruits get £100,000 compensation each... because they were made to march like men
MoD pays out £100,000 to female RAF recruits injured from marching in step with the men
Woman takes first walk since motorcycle crash only to be hit by a car.
NYT, 1924: Hitler's tamed by prison, "no longer to be feared"
Male breast growth and pot
Charles Manson plans to marry 25-year-old Star and force all single people into depression
Cat Stuck On Viaduct Rescued After 2-Day Mission By Firefighters
Spicy Cheetos are sending kids to the emergency room
Fla. Driver Tweets "2 drunk 2 care," Then Kills Two
Takeru Kobayashi eats more hot dogs than Portland State Cheerleaders
Five reasons why monogamy is an absolute bar to world peace.
Harvard Students Disguise Themselves As Yale Students, Give Tours Around Yale's Campus
Airport security guard shoots himself while cracking nuts with his gun
Islam Banned in Angola
Obese people have lazy genes.
Purdue's 'World's Largest Drum' claim a giant exaggeration
Senator: Sports Stadiums 'at Risk from...Sea-Level Rise Effects of Climate Change'
Conrad Murray: I Held Michael Jackson's Penis Every Night
Friday Night Magic Card Game Linked to Male Infertility New Study Finds
Piles of tar-sands waste in Chicago are pissing people off
Vancouver is making doorknobs illegal
Woman On Her First Walk After Motorcycle Crash Killed By Car
See-through fish reminds us that nature is way, way weirder than we can cope with
Car Ends Up On Roof Of House, Baffles Police, Who Say Crack Cocaine Was Involved
11 lbs of marijuana mistakenly delivered to Florida Keys couple
After 396 Arrests, She Promises to Avoid No. 397
Louisiana Man Stops Robbery By Quoting Pulp Fiction - National Report
Deaf man stabbed multiple times after his sign language is mistaken for gang signs
Senior Vigilantes Suspected In Spray Painting
Shark riding video trend: People are hugging and grabbing sharks
Futurama's porn episode not cool for kids
Maine Zumba teacher jailed for prostitution gets early release
Hawaii lawmakers who voted against same sex marriage get coal in the mail
Now peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are racist
Postal worker gunned down while delivering mail
Sheriff: Get your heroin from trusted sources, make sure it's not krokodil
Man claiming to be Rumpelstiltskin is arrested at Davis Square Station
Woman who took cattle abuse video charged with animal abuse
Schoolgirl tells teacher: "My DOG really did EAT my homework"
Students 'allergic to school' in Bergamo
Jose Canseco pulled over by cops with goats wearing diapers in his car
Abercrombie & Fitch to offer plus-sizes
Australian man burns friend alive for drinking his beers
ToiletFinder App looking to hire writer to review public bathrooms. Paying $100 a day.
Nanjiecun: A village that still lives and works as Mao laid down (BBC)
Thanksgiving turkeys pardoned by Obama 'have all died'
Scientists make cheese from human toe jam
Man convicted of urinating on hotel carpet while shouting racist abuse, while masturbating with a fire-extinguisher hose up his ass
Church elder suspended from parish for transporting rams on a Sunday
Jihadists cut down 150-year-old oak in Syria
Fear for house prices as estate resembles giant penis when viewed from above
Kanye West Says He Would Write Creative Genius on Customs Forms If He Didn't Sometimes Misspell the Word Genius
Brits fear drop in home prices because suburb looks like male private parts
Arctic 30 captain re-evaluates protest methods after Russian jails
New ship's Capt. Kirk is used to 'Star Trek' jokes
Meet the Man Selling One of His Testicles to Buy a Nissan 370Z
Rick Santorum, Susan Boyle Faith-Based Film 'Christmas Candle' Blown Out In Theaters
Spain Has Been In The 'Wrong' Time Zone For 7 Decades
Thai man arrested for allegedly attempting to donate methamphetamine to flood victims
Dr. Conrad Murray: 'I held Michael Jackson's penis every night'
Computer teaches itself common sense
Art museum visits help doctors understand feelings
TX Approves Science Textbooks Containing Actual Science.
Fergie Shares Funny Parenting Story, Reveals Her Son 'Sharted' On Husband Josh Duhamel
Nashville bar owner shoots country singer after argument over smoking
Rick Santorum's Christmas movie proves flop
Reston man runs up $202,000 bill driving through E-ZPass gates without paying
Angelina Jolie Buys Brad Pitt a Heart-Shaped Island for his 50th Birthday
Hygiene Letter To Students Angers Parents
Newfoundlanders give moose-eating shark a second chance
Man Planning Murder Accidentally Butt-Dials Intended Victim
Climate negotiators are like Nazis, says this helpful, industry-funded group. CFACT: a $3 million-a-year climate-denying group funded by the likes of ExxonMobil to try to convince the world that climate change is no big deal.
Teen With Terminal Cancer Has Dreams Come True By Marrying Her High School Sweetheart
Joffrey on 'Game of Thrones' to Quit Acting, Be a Humanitarian
A Fake Slum for Luxury Tourists Who Don't Want to See Real Poverty
Man assaults women for taking too long at a Redbox
Climate negotiators are like Nazis, says this helpful, industry-funded group
Christian Militia Group On Facebook Conspires To Kill President Obama (IMAGE)
A Girl And Her Calculator: The Best Prom Love Story Ever Told
Great Barrier Reef Coral 'In Greatest Sex Show'
Why Are Women So 'Bitchy' to Each Other?
The Morning After Pill has a weight limit
French spies planned to pose as neo-Nazis to assassinate Islamic hate cleric in London
Rio's Olympic waterways full of trash, sewage, The green waters around the site of Rio's Olympic Park have an average fecal pollution rate 78 times that of the Brazilian government's "satisfactory" limit.
Merkel's phone tapped by at least 5 countries
Average American Women Weigh Too Much For the Morning-After Pill to Work Right
Yahoo sends rambling memo demanding employees start using its webmail
NY Driver With Untied Bikini Top Cleared in Crash
Innovations Editor Hates Music Video Innovations
'Slave keepers' were members of cultlike Maoist political group who believed that the Red Army would invade someday
Woman fined $140 a day for refusing to circumcise son
Woman assaulted in Redbox machine dispute: Man was angry over time woman took to pick movie
Alien Found At Search Location Charged With Illegally Possessing Firearms And Ammunition
Clinging to Outlook, Only 25 Percent of Yahoo Employees Willing to Eat Mail "Dogfood" (Best Memo Ever!)
'Slave keepers' were members of cultlike political group | UK news
Relocating the whole city of Kiruna, Sweden.
Video Game Allows Players To Re-Enact Sandy Hook Massacre
Mario Batali Ordered 200 Pairs of Orange Crocs Because the Color Was Discontinued
Cows moo in regional accents
Man sells testicle so he can buy a Nissan 370Z
Report: Newtown shooter was obsessed with Dance Dance Revolution, hated holidays and haircuts
Portland, OR Schools Abolish Lunchtime To Avoid Allegations Of Racism
We can send you to jail for objecting to an offence we've yet to specify
City Workers Fired Over Birthday Card
Young brains often lead kids astray
The FBI's Files on Camus and Sartre Confirm the Utter Meaninglessness of It All
Just shoot me... Some walk out on Bill Nye for saying moon reflects light - National skepticism
Atheists bash Pope Francis' use of prayer for disaster victims
Charles Manson, the Ultimate Bachelor, Might Finally Be Getting Married
Teen Still Hiccupping after 2 years
Man faces felony charge because he had hidden compartment in car
Eagle Fans Tailgate For Two Hours Before Remembering Team is on Bye
Missing Woman Found in Mexico Says She Got Lost, Accidentally Crossed Border
Horse killed in drive-by shooting in the middle of Amish country
7 city workers in Tennessee fired for signing birthday card that read "Wanna see an explicit photo of an athletic hunk in a tub?" on the cover. The inside was a picture of a puppy. The recipient was still offended.
7 city workers in Tennessee fired for signing "offensive" birthday card for coworker that read "Wanna see an explicit photo of an athletic, hairy-chested hunk in a tub?" on the cover. The inside was a picture of a small puppy.
7 city workers in Tennessee fired for signing "offensive" birthday card that read "Wanna see an explicit photo of an athletic, hairy-chested hunk in a tub?" on the cover. The inside was a picture of a small puppy. [Video & Article]
Doctors Warn Against Cotton Ball Diet
Cage Fighter Who Faked Death Is Sentenced in Armed Robbery
Dog needs surgery after actually eating homework
Mall Santa Busted For Groping Female Elf.
Fewer than 25% of Yahoo employees use Yahoo Mail
Greeks Injecting HIV To Claim €700 Benefits
No One at Yahoo! Wants to Use Yahoo! Mail
Modern life, smartphones turning Britons off sex but lesbian encounters on rise, survey finds
Yahoo Can't Get Its Employees To Use Yahoo Mail, Memo Reveals
Flaming Hot Cheetos Sends Kids to the Hospital
JPD: man receives accidental phone call from ex-boss plotting his death
Morning-after pill may be less effective for heavier women
Russian Stealth Plane Shown Off
Bono optimistic about Spider-Man musical
Monty Python reunion show sells out in 43 seconds
Wedding guest shoots three dead while dancing to Gangnam Style in Yemen
Essence of chicken industry collapses after Singapore stops revealing PSLE top scores
A report about reports about reports? Yep, at this year's Ig Nobel awards
Greeks self-inject HIV to claim benefits
Man Wearing Over 50 Festival Wristbands Loses Arm In Horse Vagina
New Law in Egypt Effectively Bans Street Protests
Mass. mall Santa Claus charged with groping elf
Student's Stunt Splits College Vote
Kentucky Fried Chicken Candles Sell Out in 1 Minute
The Redskins Honor Navajo Code Talkers, Still Go By 'Redskins'
Artist creates picture frames made from placentas
People shot at middle east wedding by man dancing to Gangnam Style with ak-47
Sally Ann Okuly Killed By Car On Her First Walk After Motorcycle Crash
Local band must be 'really good now' after black and white photo shoot, say fans
Santa Claus Arrested For Groping Teenage Elf
Massachusetts mall Santa Claus charged with groping elf
Ohio man seizes "abandoned" home while family out of town
Emergency Contraceptive Pill Might Be Ineffective For Obese : Shots
Ohio man claims "abandoned" home while family out of town
Rudy Gay has banned stat sheets from the Toronto Raptors' locker room
Man sells his left testicle so he can buy a new car
Horse pulling buggy killed by gunshot in drive-by shooting
African-American girl faces expulsion over 'natural hair'
Man steals pack of human excrement from young mother in Moscow
A Pregnant Woman Hit Her Stomach with a Hammer to Prove That Her Baby Was Tough
Beastie Boys being SUED by GoldieBlox after feminist company GoldieBlox uses a modified version of their song "Girls" as a new feminist "anthem"
Horse pulling Amish buggy killed in drive-by shooting
Dad Arrested For Picking Up Kids At School By Foot
Stoned Ghost Hunters Torch Historic Mansion - Cops say trespassers got frustrated over no-show spirits
CIA offers freedom and porno to Gitmo prisoners for killing Al Qaeda terrorists
Santa charged with groping his elf
WHO apologises for claiming half of Greek HIV infections are self-inflicted
Driver offended by "WH0 R8X" license plate
Church Members Mistreat Homeless Man in Church Unaware It Is Their Pastor in Disguise
Zebra bites man, gazelle dies
Man arrested for beating a bear to death with a rock
KPD: West High School student arrested after lighting teacher's shirt, hair on fire
Scientist Creates 'Delightful' New Human Cheese
Pope Denounces Trickle-Down Economics 'Which Has Never Been Confirmed By The Facts'
Big methane burp: Cow farts a greater problem than EPA previously thought, study says
Kanye West Leaves Nike for Adidas, Cites Need to "Provide for Family"
What smells? PA lawmaker wants to 'Axe' fragrance in schools
Horse Pulling Amish Buggy Shot in Pa. Drive-By
Even Yahoo employees don't use Yahoo Mail
Alleged hitman butt-dials his target
You Can Now Visit Middle Earth on Google Maps, If You're Into That Sort of Thing
Mothers Mix McDonald's Meals with Baby Food to Meet Day's Calorie Needs
Alleged hitman butt-dials his target during discussion on how to kill him
Woman on 1st Walk After Motorcycle Crash is Killed by Car
Ga. juror form lists 'slave' as occupation
Boehner signs up for Obamacare
Sex Offender Gets New Hearing After Hearing Officer Rants Against Ariel Font
12-year-old girl is threatened with expulsion from school for refusing to cut her natural afro hair
Lostprophets' Ian Watkins guilty of child sex offences
Can anyone find me a wife? The dilemma of ugly men.
KKK distributes recruitment fliers to predominantly black, Hispanic neighborhoods
Scientists breed glow-in-the-dark rabbits
Miley Cyrus: is twerking worse than cooking meth on Breaking Bad? | Music
Burnt toast prompts evacuation of Warren County Courthouse
Suicidal woman sues police for saving her life...
Kanye West Doesn't Like Appearing on Keeping Up With the Kardashians Because He Has Issues With the Cinematography
American Woman Wows 'Arabs Got Talent,' Moves into Finals
UK Prime Minister David Cameron Announces That Filters Used to Block Porn Will Also Block Websites Espousing "Extremist" Views in Order "to Keep Our Country Safe" (X-post /r/technology)
Detroit Police see violence-free 36 hours
Those pardoned turkeys are gonna die anyway
Family Says They Did Tip Gay Server, Didn't Leave Note
Nonconformity and Freethinking Now Considered Mental Illnesses
Kanye West calls for Louis Vuitton boycott to show his strength
Mall Santa accused of assaulting elf.
Too Real: Snozzberries Don't Taste Like Snozzberries, They Taste Like Dicks
Lostprophets' Ian Watkins admits sex offences including attempted rape of baby
Teen DJ opens night club for kids in The Woodlands
What -- us tired? Elderly say they're less exhausted than teens
Police: Arkansas Man Butt-Dials Victim While Allegedly Planning His Murder
Washington, Illinois highschool football team loses in the playoffs... to the Cyclones
Georgia county juror form lists "slave" as occupation
Pope Francis: 'I prefer a church which is bruised, hurting and dirty'
Man Arrested 62 Times for Trespassing at Work.
No Regrets for Man With Romney Tattoo on His Face
Man loses thousands of dollars trying to make it to the front page
Virginia man will be paying for toll road fines until he's 87 years old
One armed man suspected in two incidents
Man drives himself to jail in stolen police cruiser
Man drops banana peel, sues Metro over slipping on banana peel
Missouri's 'Antlers' Section Kicked out of 2 Straight Games for Deplorable Chant
Can Porn Sites Fix the Obamacare Site?
Prince William sings with Jon Bon Jovi and Taylor Swift
'Bad Santa' arrested for pinching elf's bottom
'This isn't Toronto,' sheriff says after U.S. mayor's drug arrest
Worker snags an Emmy... that he found in trash
Man calls 911 because of snoring woman in his bed
'Fight Club,' 'Pretty Woman' Producer Admits to Being Israeli Spy
Hollywood producer Arnon Milchan admits double life as Israeli spy
Fashion police cracks down at Hawaii Army base
Khloe Kardashian paternity claim: O.J. Simpson's manager says former NFL player 'could be' the reality star's biological father
Study Finds Cow Farts a Significant Factor in Climate Change
Friendly reminder: Don't believe everything you read on the internet
Woman Killed By Car On Her First Walk After Motorcycle Crash
Sex offender gets second hearing because his case was decided on fonts, not facts
Facebook Rant Against 'Arial' Font Helps Reverse Sex Offender Determination
Mall Santa Claus Denies Groping Elf
Tap that, bro: researchers reveal the science of tapping beer bottles
Sony files patent for 'SmartWig'
Man loses banana peel injury lawsuit after its revealed he planted it himself
Ian Watkins, Lostprophets singer, pleads guilty to attempted baby rape
People In Greece Are So Poor, They're Intentionally Getting HIV To Receive €700 A Month
Salvation Army Santa Clause fired for giving toys to children.
Emirates to introduce shisha lounges onboard A380 fleet
Prince William sings Living on a Prayer with Taylor Swift and Jon Bon Jovi
Bug chasing: Men deliberately trying to catch HIV for sexual thrill in astonishing craze
Roommate's poisoning was meant as joke, medical student says at trial
Man Returns Home To Find Parents Laying Flowers On His Grave
'Bug chasers': the men who want Aids
Nokia Loses All Its Social Media Points with 'F*** You' Tweet
Waffle House employees react to serving Auburn coach Gus Malzahn: 'He's a man of few words' | AL.com
'Everything went astray,' Grand Rapids man says of taking upskirt photos | MLive.com
One armed robber suspected in two incidents
Could Porn Sites Have the Answers to Fixing the Obamacare Site? (x/post from r/technology)
'Evil twin' defense dropped, Fort Carson officer to plead guilty to sex assault
Judge Orders Sriracha Factory To Cool It
Land: Single Moms Selfish, Should Always Put Kids Up For Adoption
Report: NSA spied on porn habits to discredit Muslim radicals
McDonald's staffer allegedly high on the job, offers to share illegal drugs with customers
Florida kid injured after meteorite hits him on the head
The Spanish Town Running on Twitter
Is This The Worst Bank Robber In London?
McDonald's advises hard-up staff to eat stale bread and return gifts
Chair of Canadian Mint helped run offshore 'tax-avoidance scheme'
Mom fined $140 a day for not circumcising son
Waffle House employees react to serving Auburn coach Gus Malzahn: 'He's a man of few words'
'Everything went astray,' Grand Rapids man says of taking upskirt photos
Americans Were Asked To Place European Countries On A Map. Here's What They Wrote.
Russia outraged by giant Louis Vuitton suitcase
Woman says man posed nude next to table sold on Craigslist
California Sriracha Hot Sauce Plant Ordered Partly Shut For Spicy Smell
Cats recognise their owners' voices but never evolved to care, says study
Cruz: Filibuster Rule Change 'Will Poison The Atmosphere Of The Senate'
Huy Fong stop that pong, Judge says
Cops: Man Learns of Murder Plot Against Him After Alleged Suspect Butt Dials Him
I Can Haz Spanish Lessons: Cat Pictures Now Have A Purpose
Gay couple guilty in marriage license protest, fined one cent
Girl who got punched in head gives lame liberal speech humanizing her attackers
MP Eric Pickles allegedly spent £10,000 on biscuits in the last year, but denies these claims
Pizza Hut Manager Fired For Refusing To Open On Thanksgiving
Gynecologists May Treat Men, Board Says in Switch
Pot Falls from the Sky in San Diego
Grooming Secrets of the NBA: Some of Basketball's Toughest Players Crave Skin Care, Pedicures
Samsung's naughty 'penis' billboard is a fake
Bellevue ranked among nation's top hipster hot spots
Beijing confiscates barbecues in drive to cut air pollution
Philippe Mexes Missed AC Milan's Win Over Celtic With Injury Caused By 'Excessive Sunbed Use'
It's A Tragic Day: Judge Rules California Sriracha Plant Must Shut Down Due To Offensive Odor
Mall Santa charged with groping female elf.
How to avoid buying blood avocados
Why Canned Cranberry Is - And Always Will Be -- Better Than Fresh
Man Arrested for Attacking Guy Who Urinated on His Carpet
Eric Pickles: 'I didn't spend £10,000 extra on biscuits'
Lots of College Freshmen Are About to Dump Their High-School Sweethearts
Religious Right Furious Pope Francis Wants Them To Follow The Bible
Surgery Removing Half of Brain Stops Seizures
Drilling For Oil, Based On The Bible: Do Oil And Religion Mix?
Devil cat hospitalises villagers in attacking spree.
Beijing destroys barbecue grills to cut pollution
Detroit goes 'murder free' for 36 hours
Two men save shark from choking on moose
This average millionaire is tired of billionaires ruining their neighborhood, and wants to do something about it.
Brain Study suggests Classical musicians should improvise
'Satanic Lesbian Rapists' Turn Out to be Nice, Innocent Ladies
Police investigate clip of two women twerking on subway tracks
Bald ploy: Sony invents a SmartWig
Telephone ban fuels teen's knife attack on family
George Takei's Official, Totally Real Perfume is Named "Eau My".
Rush Limbaugh criticizes the Pope for speaking out against greed.
Michael Jordan's 'Air Jordan' Logo Appears Inside Cucumber
Trainee psychologist, 27, died after taking cocktail of drink, cocaine and legal highs with boyfriend as she celebrated new job helping drug users
Cute cats could be key to learning new languages
Iran's President Has Released His Own 'Yes We Can' Video
Python eats a passed out drunk guy in India
NYC Will Try To Ban E-Cigs In Bars, Restaurants, Public Places
U.S. Government Caught Pirating Military Software, Settles For $50 Million
McDonald's Advice To Underpaid Employees: Break Food Into Pieces To Keep You Full
Luxury hotel offers 'unique accommodation experience' in a fake slum with underfloor heating and Wi-Fi
Irish 'slave' revealed as daughter of Bletchley Park code breaking hero
Mad scientists power a Christmas tree with sad, unloved Brussels sprouts
'That was a freaky goat!' Utah paperboy headbutted off bike, trampled, and trapped in a tree by goat named Voldemort
Prof corrects minority students' capitalization, is accused of racism
Florida: Couple Accidentally Brings Home 11 Pounds of Marijuana From Louisiana
Jamaica: Anti-theft alarms for goats
THE NSA IS WATCHING PEOPLE WATCH PORN
Farmer pledges to install alarm on his goats
Gay New Jersey waitress in tip flap is compulsive liar, friends say
'Butt-dial' call foils suspected Arkansas murder plot
West High School teen arrested for trying to set teacher on fire
"Vaginal Knitting" Is the New Thing in Activist Performance Art
Microsoft Publishes Sexist Form Letter To Help Dudes Convince Women To Let Them Buy An Xbox One
Police: Man Charged With Fraud After Staging Banana Peel Fall
Hate group fail: Used gay band's song for anti-gay marriage ad
Understanding America Through Deep-Fried Turkey Accidents
Bystanders Surround But Dare Not Help Up Fallen Old Man
NSA 'planned to discredit radicals over web-porn use'
Deciding on Heating and Air Units used for residence as properly as business use
Pot-smoking Mountie can't smoke in uniform, RCMP says
Pirate Bay Downloaders Trolled By Movie Director's Shaven Balls
Dortmund's Sven Bender bled on so many shirts that he had to wear one from the club shop
Pakistan Taliban tells country's media to stop praising Sachin Tendulkar
Norfolk police warn of alarming clown epidemic | UK news
Gay singer Ian H Watkins abused after Lostprophets frontman Ian Watkins admits child sex offenses
Two men rescue a shark found choking on a moose. O, Canada.
Python Eats Passed Out Drunk Guy in India
American Families to Celebrate Thanksgiving Outside of Favorite Department Stores
Stoning will not be brought back, says Afghan president
Norfolk police warn of alarming clown epidemic
Man's appetite for crab legs sparks alleged assault at all-you-can-eat buffet
Pot-smoking Mountie can't smoke publicly in uniform: RCMP - Ottawa
Giant prehistoric toilet unearthed
Russian Olympics torchbearer's jacket catches fire
Serie A - Milan star Mexes 'injured by sunbed'
Boris Johnson: some people are too stupid to get on in life
Steps star Ian 'H' Watkins targeted by online trolls who mistook him for disgraced Lostprophets frontman
Pot-smoking Mountie can't smoke publicly in uniform: RCMP
Adult diapers will soon outsell baby nappies in Japan
Social media junkies flock to 'Twitter hotel'
Milwaukee police didn't expect violence at Children's Hospital
BBC News - "People of King's Lynn advised to ignore clowns"
People of King's Lynn advised to ignore clowns
Football fans asked not to dress up as squirrels as opposition manager returns after being injured by a bicycle collision with a squirrel.
Jose Canseco pulled over by police with diaper-wearing goats in the car
Brave middle schooler tells peers she's bald
Pianist acquitted of noise pollution (x-post from /r/classicalmusic)
James Howells searches for hard drive with £4m-worth of bitcoins stored
New Mexico woman sues over pepper-sprayed vagina
College Student Spends 4 Days In Jail After Being Mistakenly Arrested
Spanish fan calls police over saxophone band who were just not jazzy enough
Military makeover: Australian Kim Jong-un lookalike turning heads in Hong Kong
Psych Student Jennifer Whiteley Dies Of Drug OD While Celebrating New Job Aiding Drug Users
Old Man Attacks Red Light Violators' Cars With Bricks [x post /r/todayIlearned
Old Man Attacks Red Light Violators' Cars With Bricks
Pot-smoking Mountie has uniform seized by RCMP
Microsoft, HURTING after NSA backdooring, vows to now harden its pipe
Torchbearer for Sochi Olympics briefly catches fire in Siberian city
Dead candidate wins Aberdeen City Council seat
Former commando charged over Jedi Council sex ring
Battle over Google Glass etiquette erupts in another Seattle diner
DVLA reveals list of banned number plates - censoring combinations including OM63 WTF, SL14 AGS and BU63 GER
Google Wants to Write Your Social Media Messages For You
Woman makes her fiance take a lie detector test every time he leaves the house AND bans him from watching women on TV
Man had tips of fingers bitten off in brawl which started at Poison pub
Alcoholics Paid In Beer For Sanitation Work
Swedish prisoner escapes to visit dentist
German policeman 'kills and eats lover'
Dumpster baby rescuer says he's the dad
Waterloo police probe missing melon mystery
Silvio Berlusconi's girlfriend appeals to Pope Francis to seek a pardon over his conviction for tax dodging
Swedish prisoner escapes to go to dentist. Returns afterwards
Silvio Berlusconi's girlfriend appeals to Pope Francis
Opinion: Young men, get 'yes' a text before sex
BBC - Newsbeat - Dappy recovering after being kicked in face by a horse
Miley Cyrus currently leading TIME magazine Person of the Year poll
For 20 Years the Nuclear Launch Code at US Minuteman Silos Was 00000000
Top-Secret Document Reveals NSA Spied On Porn Habits As Part Of Plan To Discredit 'Radicalizers'
The little known benefits of masturbation
NSA 'tracked online sexual habits of suspected terrorists'.
Many Law Students Fail Bar Exam Due to Following Advice from Phoenix Wright
Bag Bandit Strikes While CBS4 Conducts Interview On Airport Baggage Thefts
NSA planned to shame 'radicalizers' by revealing their porn-browsing history.
Dappy recovering after being kicked in face by a horse
Doctor describes going to heaven and back
Not Sucking Baby's Penis After Removing Foreskin Is Heresy, Haredi Rabbi Says
Cat Named Shiny Terrorises Cornish Village With Violent Attacks
Was Lorde's 'Royals' Inspired By A Pants-Pooping Hall Of Famer?
Amish Cancer Patient and Her Family Flee The US To Avoid Chemo Treatments
Japan wants to build a power plant on the moon and send the energy to earth using microwaves
America's Annual Festival Pilgrimage Begins
Santa Arrested At Walmart
If It Happened There... America's Annual Festival Pilgrimage Begins
Kanye West Blames Bad Cinematography for Refusal to Appear on Kardashians' Show
Is Justin Bieber the Next Banksy?
Tongue pierce lets the paralyzed drive wheelchairs
Ohio urged to boycott letter 'M'
Ontario politician shocks her constituents by getting face tattoo
Police: Man with no pants set fire in Beaverton motel room
Court Orders Google, Microsoft & Yahoo to Make Pirate Sites Disappear
Convicted paedophile allowed to adopt.
iPhone thief sends victim 11-page handwritten list of 1,000 contacts
Despite Outlaw Image, Hells Angels Sue Often
Exciting new BRAZILIAN PUSSY FINGERED by overjoyed boffins
Paedophile who sexually abused five-year-old girl is given permission to adopt a child in Sweden (from r/worldnews)
police warn public of 'clown epidemic'
Interns who sued now can't find jobs
Milk Junkies: Blog of a Transgendered, Gay, Breastfeeding Dad - PhD in Parenting
Black Friday 2013: Stun-gun Edition
Joe Arpaio Offers Inmates, Fed Only Twice A Day, 56-Cent Thanksgiving Meal
Japan's plan to supply all the world's energy from a giant solar power plant on the moon
Cat Named Shiny Terrorises Cornish Village With Violent Attacks (GRAPHIC PICTURES)
Police save words of blind author who wrote 26 pages after pen ran out
Charges: Man stole delivery truck because he was 'running from zombies'
Mayor-elect de Blasio recently met with convicted criminals to get their views on policing policies.
Women Get Into Black Friday Stun Gun Fight Inside the Mall
The Grinch is Ungodly!
Indonesian air force pilots accused of trying to smuggle parrots in Hercules aircraft
Jeb Bush on Holy See closure: 'Hopefully, it is not retribution' for Obamacare
Doctors see disturbing trend of girls eating cotton balls
Superbull chases scary Lincoln clown
Woodbury man held in Dubai prison over mockumentary video
Waiting in Line 3D is a very boring video game about queuing
Aldon Smith not fined for knee to RGIII's groin
N-Dubz's Dappy kicked in face by horse
Scaffolding around Brussels' courthose now itself in need of restoration
Malaysian 'slave' was happy in Britain and had lots of friends, reveals sister
Cereal buffet Opens to Rave Reviews (video)
Saudi woman takes a stand on her right to drive; no beheadings have resulted so far [x-post /UpliftingNews]
[NL]Stellingen Brussels justitiepaleis zelf aan restauratie toe
Thousands of Dangerous Erection Cases Seen in ERs Each Year, Study Finds
Justice Palace scaffolding in need of renovation too!
Dog on death row is saved after falling in love with a GOOSE
Leading geneticist Dr Eugene McCarthy claims humans descended from sex between a chimp and a pig
A Vandal Has Been Trimming Dick Sculptures Out of Bushes
The President Goes Shopping
Sex offenders can't read local newspapers
One-armed Belarus man monocuffed for clapping
Governor Kasich Urges Ohioans To Avoid Using Letter 'M'
Beer-for-gas promo draws complaints
Astronomy Ireland: 'Comet was some heap of shite'
Romney's son tweets about saving people from car crash
World's Smallest Park: 2-Foot Circle in the Middle of a Street
Cinnamon rolls under threat from EU legislation.
Wayne Lippard Says Son, Steven, Was Hit By Meteorite
Japan airing 156-part series on Green Gables translator - Prince Edward Island
Hunt for UPS driver after prostitute posts sexy pic of interlude in company truck
Kidnapped Utah Squirrel Returns Home for the Holidays
As Denver Airport Officials and Police downplay baggage thefts to a News Crew, a bag is stolen just a few feet away.
Beach stabbing victim: 'The knife was just in my back, like a ninja'
Woman has child taken from her womb by social services
'Fast and Furious' Actor Dies in Car Crash
Paul Walker: Dead at 40 in fiery car crash
260 Pounds of Marijuana Falls from the Sky in San Diego
'Center of the universe': Experts warn against too many kid photos
Paul Walker was going 'Too Fast and Too Furious'
'Fast & Furious' Star Dies in Car Crash
Paul Walker of Fast and Furious Fame Dies After He Looses Control of Porsche
Paul Walker dead at 40: 'Fast and Furious' star killed in fiery car crash
'Fast and Furious' star Paul Walker dies in car accident
Watch Ron Burgundy Anchor An Actual Newscast In North Dakota
Watch Will Ferrell Do a North Dakota Newscast as Ron Burgundy
Popping A Baby Out Like A Cork, And Other Birth Innovations
Beloved, officially ugly dog dies
People Beat Each Other Up Over Towels At Walmart On Black Friday
'Fast and Furious' star Paul Walker killed in car crash
Half-Life 2 Mod, "Elevator: Source", Has Perfectly Described Our Civilization
Rob Ford and Doug Ford plan comeback on YouTube
Professor charges 'rape culture' for vagina building satire
Bob Dylan Sued By Croatians For Racism
'Fast And Furious' Star Paul Walker Killed In Fiery Car Crash
Fast and Furious star dies in fiery car crash
'Fast and Furious' star Paul Walker dies in car crash
Charlie No Face:The life and the legend
Notorious gansters form political party in Cape Town, South Africa
Social workers take woman's baby by forced C-section
British social workers take woman's baby by forced C-section
Child taken from womb by social services
Newly Elected Flint City Councilman Eric Mays Arrested for DUI, Marijuana Possession
Pregnant woman has unborn baby forcibly removed from her womb by social services
For Nearly Two Decades the Nuclear Launch Code at all Minuteman Silos in the United States Was 00000000
Why Movember isn't all it's cracked up to be. Movember is divisive, gender normative, racist and ineffective against some very real health issues.
Researchers develop 3D-printed, urine-powered robot heart
Voting Begins for Pennsylvania's 2014 River of the Year
Paul Walker dies in the most ironic way possible.
Paul Walker Dead -- 'Fast and The Furious' Star Dies in Fiery Car Crash Read more: http://www.tmz.com/2013/11/30/paul-walker-dead-dies-car-accident-fatal-fire-crash/#ixzz2mEiIsHhN
Dead sexy! Scantily-clad models pose for Polish coffin company calendar
Man Cited After Tossing $1,000 Into MOA Rotunda
Rich Tourists Now Staying in Luxury 'Shanty Towns' So They Can Pretend to Be Poor
Why Movember isn't all it's cracked up to be
Conservative Catholic Group Ties Illinois Tornadoes To Gay Marriage
Credit card 'idiot tax' angers bar patron
Smarter People Stay Up Later, Do More Drugs and Have More Sex
Woman kills three for last Xbox at Chicago Walmart
Woman Kills Three For Last X-Box at Chicago Wal-Mart
Two killed in horse-drawn buggy collision near Pittsburgh
20-month-old baby becomes world's youngest pro footballer
Gangster scarecrows keep robbers away from Detroit home
Man cited after tossing cash at Mall of America
20-month old signed to Belgian football club
Man Writes Own Credit Card Contract, Sues Bank for Breaking Terms
Brazilian who auctioned off virginity wants to sell it again
Brazilian woman to auction off virginity for second time
Officials: Burning man ran into Ocean City church rectory, causing fire that killed pastor
Humans evolved from chimp-pig mating: report
Indonesian air force pilots face parrot smuggling probe
"Fast and Furious" Star Paul Walker Assassinated by Obama Drone Strike?
Lindsay Lohan to sue over GTA 5
Amazon Is Experimenting With Autonomous Flying Delivery Drones
Amazon Uses '60 Minutes' To Unveil Automated Delivery Drones
Amazon's Jeff Bezos Reveals Drone Delivery System
Street Gang Uses Same Logo As Football Team
Woman has vehicle stolen in Flint while searching for drugs
Woman Kills Three For Last X-Box at Chicago Wal-Mart, no regrets.
Gang Embraces Fresno State's Bulldog Logo, Vexing University Officials
Amazon wants to deliver packages in 30 minutes with drones
Amazon testing delivery by drone, CEO Bezos says
Amazon Prime Air - Drones to deliver packages in under 30 minutes.
Turkey court brands swimming goggles 'weapons'
Delivery drones are coming: Jeff Bezos promises half-hour shipping with Amazon Prime Air
Argument over dinnerware leads to stabbing
CNN complains about no media coverage about Iceland, which it gave no coverage itself
4chan user sets himself on fire in livestreamed suicide attempt
4chan user sets himself on fire in live streamed suicide attempt.
Italian officials claiming expenses on lap dances and scratch cards
Amazon unveils "Prime Air," a plan to deliver by drone in just 30 minutes
Train derailment likely to disrupt commute
Racism Is Over, According to the RNC's Twitter Account
Palestinians attacked by Arabs after being misidentified as Jews
Naked Female Scientist Tries to Tame Belugas in the Freezing Arctic
Little girl's cream cheese-heavy diet helps her speak first words
Instead of buying your child a boring old iPad for Christmas, get them a stick
will.i.am starting own car company in Los Angeles
Man with low IQ gets probation for molesting woman
Amazon Unveils Flying Delivery Drones on '60 Minutes'
Amazon unveils futuristic mini-drone delivery plan
VIDEO: FIVE MEN ATTACK WOMAN ON BUS IN LONDON - DO YOU KNOW THESE MEN?
Obama Really Seems to Be Looking Forward to the End of His Presidency
Bird steals camera in Australia, records journey
Amazon plans on using drones to deliver goods in 30 minutes or less
"It is completely unacceptable to give a 15-year-old a breast enlargement as a Christmas present" - Germany to ban plastic surgery on children (xpost - /r/WorldNews)
Walmart steals street art for profit.
Wisconsin DNR struggling to curb sex at nude beach
Russia To Raise Vodka Prices Because Drunk People Keep Dying
Lee Harvey Oswald Quietly Added To CIA Memorial Wall
Local group protests "The Hunger Games" book series, claiming "being hungry is not a game"
Man survives three days trapped under sea
Footage reveals sea eagle stole camera near crocodile meat trap in remote Kimberley
China punishes 20,000 officials for being too bureaucratic
Man arrested for drive-by shooting....with a muzzle loader
Switched at birth: Son born to rich parents sues hospital after life of poverty
After Antibiotics, the Feces Pill Remains
NSA has plan to spy on porn habits and use that information to discredit radicalizers
Baby, 1, signs with Belgian soccer club
Deputies: Son punches dad in fight about mac and cheese
Life-Size Lady Gaga Dolls, Coming Soon
Southwest Airlines surprises passengers with holiday season's third-most-wanted game console
Amazon developing shipping option for delivery by flying drone
Weird Organ Makes Koalas Sound Like Frogs Vomiting
Netanyahu Gives Pope A Book About Spanish Inquisition
Is Pope Francis Secretly Sneaking Out Of The Vatican At Night To Give Money To The Poor?
Sheriffs probe possible street racing tip in Paul Walker crash
Rare Iceland armed police operation leaves man dead
In conversations with parishioners, pope reveals he once was a bouncer
David Beckham reveals he was once forced to masturbate to photo of Clayton Blackmore
Wearable Camera Allows Pets To Post Their Own Instagrams
Brothers' argument over dinnerware leads to stabbing
Breaking Bad inspires parents to name their children after drug dealers instead of royals
Rush Limbaugh: Pope is preaching 'pure Marxism'
Sexually explicit movie shows instead of Disney film
Throat organ reveals depth of Koala love
Coughing twice as likely in concerts
New hipsters fight old hipsters in Bushwick
Home invasion suspect says he was the nicest robber the victims could have hoped for. Zach Myers reports on the arrest of Adrian Anthony:
New York lawsuit seeks 'legal personhood' for chimpanzees
Satan's little cotton fingers
Mystery of bin left on Council House's steps
Here's why koalas sound like frogs vomiting during mating season
Pope Francis Tells Faithful He Worked As A Nightclub Bouncer
Pope Reveals He Once was a Bouncer
Robbery suspect: 'Nicest robber that ever showed up'
49ers' WR Davis claims he was tackled by groin
Vernon Davis tackled by his dick
Massage student switched seats before fatal spa crash
Delivery By Drone? Amazon Says A New Era Looms
Vernon Davis Demands New NFL Rule Forbiding Penis Tackling
Manitoba Tory leader: happy holidays, "infidel atheists"!
This python ate four humans at once
RNC clarifies tweet that suggests racism is over
Three days after giving birth, woman takes picture of her sculpted abs
Ron Burgundy on KX News
No movement yet in case of swallowed rings
Americans Want Congress Members To Pee In Cups To Prove They're Not On Drugs
Manitoba Tory leader wishes 'infidel atheists' all the best for the holidays
Oregon Girl Barred From Selling Mistletoe But Told Okay to Beg
Bill Gates funds creation of thin, light, impenetrable graphene condoms [NSFW]
Amazon plans to deliver packages using drones.
Police kill someone in Iceland... for the first time ever.
Man trades his testicle for a Nissan 370Z
NSA employees received talking points for Thanksgiving dinner
Alabama fan charged with killing woman reportedly did so for joking about Crimson Tide loss
Texas cops handcuff and take 13-year-old white girl from black guardians
Chimps, seeking freedom, sue for legal personhood
L.A. residents during a power outage call the observatory worried about "the strange sky"... aka stars. [1994]
Guam tests toxic mice to kill brown tree snake.
Abilene Schlotzsky's Closed for "Attitude Adjustment"
Three white college students file racial discrimination complaint against professor over lesson on structural racism
'Idiots' cleared of endangering PIA plane
Sister: Deadly shooting was over 'Bama loss
Guy On Instagram Takes Photos Of Himself Wearing Naked White Women As Scarves. Says he likes to wear them as a sign of "status and power."
USA, Oregon: Teen Uses Bar Mitzvah Speech to Call for Marriage Equality
Bioethicist Wants to Prevent Elderly People From Living Too Long
Local man buys new lens for camera, becomes awesome photographer overnight
Amazon Reveals It Wants To Deploy Delivery Drones. No Joke.
Colorado topless barber charged with unlicensed cosmetology
'What if an Amazon delivery drone crashes into me?' and 6 other key questions
Intrepid eagle steals video camera, shoots selfie
Rob Ford Stole Someone's Seat at Buffalo Bills Game
Alabama Fan Charged With Murder Of Fellow Fan After Loss To Auburn
Alleged motive for killing: Fellow 'Bama fan wasn't sufficiently upset over loss
Beer-loving feral pig could get a plaque
Archie Comics co-CEO accused of gender discrimination by male employees
Prepping to pee in park wasn't perverted, jury says
Fox News: YMCA swim class for Muslim girls proves Sharia law is 'changing everything'
300-pound robot is new breed of crime-fighting machine
YMCA Swim Class for Muslim Girls Proves Sharia Law Exists in US, Claims Fox News.
Beijing woman attempts to extort laowai (foreigner) following crash, he ends up paying just to make her leave
Fans told to stop burning rubber near site of Paul Walker's fatal crash
Registered sex offender takes 132-foot Seattle ferry for joy ride; late-night news roundup
Two Stabbed in Dispute Over Pie
Scott Walker: Forget toys for the kids and give money to me | Wisconsin Gaze | Wisconsin Gazette
Ex-Con Who Explained Texas Prison Life to Reddit Gets Life Sentence on Rape Conviction
Detention of 85-Year-Old Hasn't Stopped Tourists From Traveling to North Korea
There Is A 'Cuddle Café' In Japan That Lets People Sleep With Japanese Girls For $80 Per Hour
Cocaine, vodka and legal high binge killed woman celebrating her first job - helping drug users
Iceland's Police Shoot And Kill Suspect For First Time Ever
Insect form of sexual frustration takes toll
I faced prison for plastic in wrong recycling bag
Giant firework penis lights up the night sky in Glasgow; residents love it
Fashionista has leg amputated so she can wear high heels
Bob Dylan sued for alleged 'racism'
Is Pope Francis Leaving Vatican At Night To Minister To Homeless?
Rowdy Seattle Seahawks fans register as earthquake during Monday Night Football
Man jailed for having sex with goat faces victim in court
Local man selling DVD of his colonoscopy
Russian dancer gets six years for Bolshoi acid attack
After 12 Yrs of U.S. Occupation, Afghanistan Sets Record for Growing Opium
Police: Lover's quarrel ends in ninja combat
STEM journalist finally reads her email; finds most people care more about her appearance than her popular (on NPR) science blog
Farmer Twice as Likely to Die in Car-Tractor Crash
Citizens of Deer Trail, CO voting on measure to purchase $25 drone-hunting licenses and then bring pieces of shot-down drones back for a bounty of up to $100.
After Saying Many People Are Just Too Stupid, London Mayor Fails Live 'IQ Test'
Bama fans start change.org petition to play overtime against Auburn, claim Chris Davis stepped out of bounds.
Vicco [Kentucky] approves measure to pay police chief in Bitcoin
Girl told she can't sell mistletoe, but can beg
Kanye West hires Andy Warhol's cousin to paint Kim Kardashian
Paul Walker -- I Once Hit 185 MPH... On The Freeway!
California allows first-ever state recognized human-animal marriage
Pay $2,000 to be homeless
Man jailed for 10 years for defiling goat, Confronts the victim in court
Banksy work "Destroy Capitalism" Now On Sale At Walmart
Wal-Mart's hottest Black Friday seller was a 29-cent towel
Rebecca Black Watches 'Friday' Music Video For Black Friday, Regrets It
Scientists drop 2,000 mice on Guam by parachute to kill brown snakes
Toy Self-Checkout Prepares Children For Bleak Future Of Consumption Without Human Interaction
Man unsurprisingly fails to win back estranged wife by throwing $1,000 into crowd
California GOP creates fake health care website to discourage constituents from obtaining insurance
Man Moves Into Home While Family Is Away And Claims He Now Owns It
Man brings his crack to court
Banksy's "Destroy Capitalism." On sale now... at Wal-Mart. (x-post /r/art)
German police develop app to detect neo-Nazi music.
Six people drowned while trying to rescue a chicken that had fallen into a well...Chicken survived
Drunk driver crashes truck at drunk driving check point
Gowanus Whole Foods Determined to Fulfill Every Brooklyn Stereotype
Gov. Walker Urges Parents to Skip Toys and Send the Christmas Money to Him
Pope: I was once a bar bouncer
Man tosses cash around Mall of America, police issue citation
Operation Dead-Mouse Drop: 2,000 dead mice individually parachuted into Guam.
London Mayor Boris Johnson fails live IQ test
Ariel Castro unable to cope with jail harassment and food, commits suicide
Two thousand mice dropped on Guam by parachute - to kill snakes
Man Makes Prison Break to See Dentist
With Seven Workdays Left, House Committee Holds Hearing On Space Aliens
A woman in Florida was attacked by a black bear. Officers use doughnuts to lure animal in a cage.
Banksy's Destroy Capitalism prints sold by Wal-Mart
Launch code for US nukes was 00000000 for 20 years | Ars Technica
Isn't it ironic? Walmart selling 'Destroy Capitalism' by Banksy prints
Pentagon tracking Santa with a new twist: armed jet fighters
Canadian Prime Minister Harper finds outlet as hockey book author
New mom sparks controversy after posting selfie of chiseled post-baby body
Underachieving Congress Appears in No Hurry to Change Things Now
Microsoft working on a smart bra to measure mood
Chimps should be recognized as 'legal persons,' lawsuits claim
People in Colorado Are Now Shooting Themselves Faster Than They Can Die in Car Crashes
The Postal Service Is Getting Sued for Accidentally Using a 'Sexier' Statue of Liberty on Its Stamp
Canadian college stages mock school massacre complete with police participation and theatre students playing victims
Woman killed for not being upset enough over Alabama's Iron Bowl loss
Wal-Mart selling t-shirts with a Banksy print saying "Destroy Capitalism"
Amazing rescue video: Nigerian man survives 3 days trapped at bottom of Atlantic
Kansas Town Installs Phone Prayer Booths, So Residents Can 'Call God Whenever They Need'
United States bombs Guam with 2,000 dead mice.
Court orders woman to pay man for stolen sperm
Humans were created by crossing pigs and chimpanzees
Mugger apologises to victim 30 years on after finding him on Facebook
1,000lbs woman murders nephew by sitting on him
Study Abroad Gringa Takes 5 Days to Realize California is not Costa Rica
Chinese People's Liberation Army dreams of turning moon into Death Star, says expert
Doritos Locos Tacos visionary dies at 41
Movie Theater Sorry for Playing Graphic Sex Scene Instead of Frozen
Angry Black Friday calls mistakenly routed to Mukwonago spa
Hilariously Shaped Winter Storm Could Penetrate Midwest, Make Things Slippery
'Benzo Fury' legal high killed graduate Jennifer Whiteley as she celebrated her new job helping drug addicts
Chess boxing gaining popularity. Alternate rounds of chess and boxing, where a checkmate or a KO counts towards a win.
Jacoby Ellsbury joins New York Yankees
Vermont firm implicated in $20-million maple syrup heist from Quebec warehouse
Seahawks Fans Cause Earthquake, Set Noise Record
Rapper Ja Rule Leaves Wife and Kids for Man He Met in Prison
Chess boxing catching on in India
Mother arrested for jamming vibrator up her baby's anus
Three Teens Arrested For Waiting For The School Bus While Black
British news staff may face terrorism charges over Snowden leaks
Atheist churches: A new type of secular community
Oregon girl told she can't sell mistletoe, but can beg for money
Sydney man faces secret sex tape charges
Florida cop arrested for refusing to remove Guy Fawkes mask during Obamacare protest
Billy Joel to perform at Madison Square Garden every month for the rest of his life
Expert Testifies to Congress that Obama's 'Ignoring Laws' Could Lead to Overthrow of Government
Montana judge defends former teacher's one-month sentence for rape of teen
Tablets at restaurants: Applebee's, Chili's race to eliminate human interaction.
Dog's Head Stuck in Drain Pipe
NSA Sent Home Talking Points for Employees to Use in Conversations with Family & Friends During Holidays
Northampton man admits downloading 'fish porn' to his mobile phone
262 Pounds Of Pot Falls From The San Diego Sky, Two Arrested
Guess what? Obama considered the trillion-dollar coin after all
Man Who Had Sex with Goat Forced to Face Accusing Animal in Court
Movie Theater Plays Some Porn From 'Nymphomaniac' Instead Of 'Frozen'
Republicans create fake Obamacare site to deceive Californians
[DUTCH] Fined for calling police Lucky Luke on internet
I Have Voluntary Tourette's (and Am Insane)
Russia: Children's toilet TV show drawn into Ukraine-EU row
Tory politician who bragged about being an army colonel and a member of MI5 is exposed as a fantasist who lives in Falkirk flat with elderly aunt
NY court asked to give chimpanzee 'legal person' status
Robot Handjobs Are The Future, And The Future Is Coming (NSFW)
UK and China agree £45m pig semen export deal
Homeless Man Charges $2000 For Course In 'Applied Homelessness'
Private prisons suing states for millions if they don't stay full
The ABC's evil plan to get tentacles into kids
Supreme Court debates if airline can remove frequent flier miles from rabbi who complained too much
Electric car owner charged with stealing 5 cents worth of juice
Homeless man arrested for charging phone in park
Renew America: Gay Marriage Is A Satanic Plot To Murder Christians
Usual naysaying, hysterics greet bid to change system
Cyber self-harm: Why do people troll themselves online?
Police Are Offering a $10,000 Reward For the Best Bourbon in the World
Florida Student Suspended After Twerking Incident Sets Off Fire Alarm
"Maltese takes on three pit bulls and loses" R.I.P. Poochi "Danger" Ferguson.
Man fined €90 for looking at painting
Study Abroad Gringa Takes Five Days to Realize She's in California
Guest "ashamed" for emerging naked from hotel cupboard with extinguisher between buttocks
Thieves steal 100 calendars in weird mall heist
NORAD's Santa tracker draws criticism with fighter jet escort
Lawyer For Cop Charged In Beating Death Of Homeless Man Claims Officer Didn't Use ENOUGH Force
Man charged with theft, arrested for plugging car into school's outlet and stealing <5 cents of power.
Walmart Is Selling Banksy's "Destroy Capitalism" Print
Pope Sometimes Sneaks Around Rome in Disguise
Obama: I want to host ESPN's 'SportsCenter' when I retire
Is Pope Francis Leaving Vatican At Night To Sneak Around In Disguise?
Eli Roth developing History Channel series about a young, demon-fightin' Jesus.
Launch code for US nuclear weapons was as easy as 00000000
Snow Forces Minnesota Church to Cancel Lutefisk Dinner
Oklahoma police respond to drunk lesbian ninja nunchuck brawl
Model Unknowingly Becomes Face of Sex With Old, Obese Men
Reporter likens Cannabis to Asbestos
Caravan to honor deceased actor Paul Walker in Puerto Rico results in 72 speeding tickets and 6 drunk driving arrests
Cute credit cards could send you to the slammer
Jay Z's birthday gift to himself? Veganism
Woman Takes Selfie With Suicidal Man About To Jump Off Brooklyn Bridge In The Background
School Bans 'Twerking' After Student Slips, Triggers Fire Alarm
11-year-old stopped from selling mistletoe, but told begging allowed
Someone has made soap bars shaped like classic Nintendo game cartridges
Florida 6th grader suspended after twerking sets off fire alarm
Britain to send pig semen to China
Puerto Ricans honor Paul Walker, cause chaos. (Results in 72 speeding tickets and 6 drunk driving arrests.)
'Stupidity ran deep' during 'stab-proof' vest demonstration
Anti-gay Chick-fil-a CEO gets an equality award
Chicago Politician Just Out Of Prison Running To Replace Politician Heading There
Toledo Mayor Captured on Video Calling Teen 'Fatso' at Highland Park
DHS stalls no-fly list trial by putting witness on no-fly list
Study finds that fear of being single leads people to settle for less in relationships
Witness in "no-fly" trial finds she's on "no-fly" list too
James Murphy Details His Signature Coffee
Patriots' player Jerod Mayo to sell his own line of...mayonnaise
Cristiano Ronaldo announces he's opening a museum dedicated to Cristiano Ronaldo
Thousands of Dead Mice Parachuted Into Guam
Russia's first smartphone goes on sale
After Wishing Someone Would Defecate in Sarah Palin's Mouth, Martin Bashir Resigns from MSNBC
Professor may go to jail for not attending classes
Red Band "Nymphomaniac" Trailer Accompanies Florida Showing of "Frozen"
'Forget About The Price Tag' video wins Health and Human Services prize for promoting Obamacare
Pay-what-you-like restaurant in China loses thousands
China is on a pork-buying rampage-and Britain just sold it $74 million worth of pig semen
Can $74 Million Worth of Pig Semen Heal the Rift Between Britain and China?
Electric car owner arrested for 'stealing' 5 cents of power
Cristiano Ronaldo Set to Open Museum Dedicated to His Own Career
Pope Francis reveals he used to work as a bar bouncer
Man repeated punches and bites his 64 year old father and mother, after they refused to let him visit the family cat.
Time Warner Cable TV goes blurry in presence of Verizon LTE phones
Study Abroad Student Takes Five Days to Realize She's In California Instead of Costa Rica
Obama's first college now offers a whole class on 'RuPaul's Drag Race'
Oxford University PhD student mistaken for suicide bomber after going for run in weights vest
Dead mice being dropped from the sky to combat snakes
Sea otter shot in face out of critical condition - British Columbia
Humans emerged from male pig and female chimp, world's top geneticist says
Edmonton man stabs friend to test 'stab-proof' vest
Dennis Rodman will go back to North Korea; other ex-NBA players to follow
Teen visiting Houston for dance classes taken into CPS custody
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker asks parents to donate to his campaign - instead of Christmas presents for their children
'Vaginal Knitting' Is The Latest Feminist Performance Art
Woman shoves ball of wool up her VAGINA and knits with it for a month for art entitled Casting Off My Womb
Gen. Dempsey Worries Teens' Social Media Use Could Disqualify Them From Military Service
Rob Ford (allegedly) "doing the hezza," and lots more
Dennis Rodman to return to North Korea to train basketball team
The real 'Alpha House': Yes, this is where some Senators actually live
Obama urges young supporters to talk up Obamacare
CRISTIANO RONALDO TO OPEN MUSEUM OF... CRISTIANO RONALDO?
Love the poor? Pope called a commie for obeying Jesus.
Topless Kansas City woman chases Peeping Tom through store
BBQ Chip Bandits Terrorize Canadian City
'BBQ Chip Bandits' Terrorize Sleepy Canadian City
[New England Patriots LB] Jerod Mayo Releases Mayonnaise Line 'Jerod's All Pro Mayo,' Which Comes in Three Flavors
BBQ chip burglars busted in Canada, according to unintentionally hilarious local TV news report
Ja Rule denies leaving his wife for his prison cell mate
Fear of being single may be driving people to settle in relationships
Girl Gets Leg Amputated So She Can Wear Heels Again
Greenspan Says Bitcoin a Bubble, Has No Intrinsic Value
Amsterdam to pay alcoholic workers in beer
Hubble Telescope Sends Back Annoying Stream Of Selfies
Obama says he's not allowed iPhone for 'security reasons
Ohio Judge Rules That Police Can't Search You For Being "Overly Polite"
In U.S., Women Have First Child Earlier Than Men
Unarmed Man Is Charged With Wounding Bystanders Shot by Police Near Times Square
Why milk prices may soar to $8 if US goes over 'dairy cliff'
GOP Candidate Says Government Should Be "Servant" And She's Ready To "Whip Things Into Shape" In Fundraising Email
Billy Joel Will Play Madison Square Garden for the Rest of His Life
Paul Walker Memorial In Puerto Rico Leads To Speeding, Drunk Driving
Mexican Cobalt-60 thieves will soon die of radiation exposure.
US aircraft bombard Guam with thousands of mice
Mexican thieves who stole Cobalt-60 will soon die of radiation exposure.
Children's football coach sacked over 'only interested in winning' email
The UN Launches Its Own Spy Drone Program
Man sells testicle to buy Nissan 370Z
Rowdy Seattle fans register as earthquake
Gang Members Said to Consider Blackmailing Toronto's Mayor
Anthony Weiner's Sexting Partner Sydney Leathers Will Auction Her Excess Vagina Skin on the Internet.
Reddit loves G. W. Bush
Sriracha Maker Has A Saucy Response To Judge's Ruling
Australian man faces animal cruelty charges after riding emu to work
Electric car owner arrested for 'stealing' 5 cents of electricity.
Nudity Found to Offer New Social Benefits
'Cool Cash' card confusion
Does the Kardashians' Christmas card hide a secret Illuminati message?
Florida man kills wife, son with crossbow, sheriff says
Rick Santorum Producing Straight Remake of 'Brokeback Mountain'
Amsterdam Has a Deal for Alcoholics: Work Paid in Beer
Man arrested over 5 cents of electricity he used to charge his car at his son's school
Indiana Judges Association: 'You can't eat the Constitution'
Teenager furious after paying £450 for a photo of an XBox One
Canada to Claim North Pole
GOP launches candidate training: How to talk to women
Mark Eskelsen, Oregon homeless man, calls 911 from hot tub, asks for cocoa and hug.
Jane Austen MMO gets funding, promises 18th century delights
Why do people put traffic cones on statues?
Man Arrested for Charging his Electric Car at son's Tennis Match.
Cops: NY pair was cooking meth, not chicken wings
Republican Staffers And Candidates Are Taking Classes To Learn How Not To Offend Women
Doctor knows breast: Microsoft working on a 'smart bra' to help stop emotional binge eating
Study shows prominent newspaper columnists are mostly old men
Bill O'Reilly pretty confident Jesus wouldn't feed kids if their parents were druggies
Wal-Mart selling "Destroy Capitalism" Banksy prints
Thieves strip entire field of Brussels sprouts from nun's Wicklow farm
Vancouver woman unknowingly live-tweets husband's fatal crash
'Vaginal knitter' artist Casey Jenkins makes scarf from wool stored inside her vagina (sorry for daily mail link) [NSFW]
Microsoft developed a 'smart' bra
Does smoking pot cause man boobs?
Does smoking pot cause man boobs? Wait what cnn?!
'Vaginal Knitting' Is Here To Make Everyone Afraid Of Performance Art Once Again (NSFW)
Google Builds Robot Army for Battle With Amazon | Wired Business
And Now, "A Visit From The Philly Street Urchins At The Love Park Tree Lighting"
Rob Ford "tried to buy own crack video"
Unarmed man charged with shooting in NY.
Smoking pot may cause man boobs, or "moobs"
Senators living frat-style in DC
Students Eat Roommate in Power Outage Panic
Salford's Snow White pantomime hit by a dwarf shortage
U.S. drops 2,000 mice on Guam - by parachute - to kill snakes
State Rep Smashes Homeless People's Possesions With a Sledgehammer
Topless woman sprints through store to help catch peeping Tom
Xbox One basketball game penalises players for swearing
Valve engineer invents new game controllers for your tongue and butt
8.15.2013 37 notes ryan gosling all day every day tech chrome extensions 'Hey Girl' Chrome extension replaces all website photos with pics of Ryan Gosling
Minneapolis man must pay $115 for spitting
Unarmed man charged with assault because two police officers shot at him, missed and injured bystanders.
Rob Ford defends Redskins name: 'What are we going to call the Cleveland Indians? The Cleveland Aboriginals?'
Dumpling-eating contest ends in tragedy.
How An HIV-Positive Man Was Sent To Prison For Having Sex - With A Condom
Russia: Forecaster blames Ukraine protests on chilly weather
Environmental protest group disbands in chaos: all members revealed to be undercover police
Caran Johnson Unknowingly Live Tweeted Car Crash that Killed Husband
Rob Ford denies new drug allegations, makes football picks
Phobias may be memories passed down in genes from ancestors
Pope Francis sets up Vatican child sex abuse committee
US Congressman: "I think if you have to hit Iran, you don't put boots on the ground, you do it with tactical nuclear devices and you set them back a decade or two or three." [x-post from /r/worldnews]
GOP men tutored in running against women
Quantum physics proves that there IS an afterlife, claims scientist
Washington woman unknowingly live-tweets husband's death
Google Builds Robot Army for Battle With Amazon
Report: Tom Cruise fights back against story saying he likened his job to fighting in a war
What Does The Guy Who Wrote The Myth Of Heterosexual AIDS Think About Climate Science? NY Post Investigates
Kim Kardashian criticized for donating just 10 percent of 'charity auction' to typhoon victims
Holland's annual blackface Christmas tradition comes to its usual awkward close today
Could A 'Smart Bra' Alert Women That They're Overeating?
Court to decide if chimps are people, too
Joyce Coffey Arrested 4 Times In 26 Hours For Playing AC/DC Too Loud
People Are Attracted to Vegetable-Colored Faces
Friday 6 December is work in the nude day
Pro Drivers, Jay Leno Also Struggled With The Porsche That Killed Paul Walker
Milwaukee will try cheese brine mix to help with snow removal.
Bill seeks lifetime tax exemption for Pacquiao for "making Filipinos proud"
John Boehner Teaching GOP How to Talk to Chicks
All hail Anna Paquin! True Blood star flags a cab in stylish army jacket and skin-tight jeans
Sex-Toy Vending Machine Irks Italian Town
Proud non-reader Kanye West turns author
The Men Impersonating Police Officers Robbing People at Gunpoint in Detroit...Were Police Officers
McDonald's gives workers advice on tipping au pairs, trainers, dog-walkers
Obama Not Allowed an iPhone for Security Reasons
Half Smoked Blunt Found In Wendy's Burger; 'Misplaced' By Employee
Woman finds marijuana cigar in Wendy's burger
US drops 2,000 mice on Guam to curb snake population
Woman embarrassingly buys $180 block of wood thinking it's an iPad
GOP: No Climate Change because, Bible
Free coffee at Chick-fil-A in Pohatcong Township
Dixon, IL (home of the dick church) sold a chicken car to Mumford and Sons
Do Cats Control My Mind?
BlackBerry turned down Bieber because 'he's not going to last'
Fargo Man Arrested For Clearing Snow With Flamethrower
Microsoft Says Smart Bra Monitors Mood, warns wearers of triggers that lead to emotional overeating.
Romanian Farmville fans claim £400,000 in government subsidies for fake cows
South Carolina woman scammed thinking she bought iPad - but turned out to be block of wood
Paul Walker & Nelson Mandela's Death - Fans Pay Joint Tribute On Twitter
Dick Cheney Didn't Regret His Vote Against Freeing Nelson Mandela, Maintained He Was A 'Terrorist'
Nelson Mandela Becomes First Politician To Be Missed
Man mistakenly pays NZ$894 for photo of Xbox One
Woman finally arrested after 15,000 calls to police
Gays, tattooed people, minorities don't 'fit in' in suburbs: Calgary developers
Woman arrested for calling police over 15,000 times in six months
Justin Bieber Joins Philippine Relief Efforts
How Therapy Llamas Bring Joy to the Sick and Elderly
Jamaica scientist launches medical marijuana firm
Dopey Wendy's employee tops burger with half-smoked marijuana blunt: cops
Louie Gohmert: Atheists should encourage prayer to boost national security
Louie Gohmert: Atheists Should Encourage Worship To Protect The Country
Farmer turns up at local pub - in a 16-ton tank!
Cops: "If we have to get a warrant...we're gonna shoot and kill your dogs"
Fear of being single may drive people to settle, stay in bad relationships
Yesterday, Students Were Arrested for Protesting Against the Arrest of Students
Viral "Poor" Writer went to same boarding school as Mitt Romney, had private music lessons, and toured Europe after high school. Taking some of the proceeds of her donations to go to Vegas, "It's gonna be awesome."
GAME introduces a tinned Christmas dinner
People of Ukraine: Beware of the Swedish gang of Pee-Pee, Turd, and Nixon the Nose
Man Becomes First Person To Be Officially Recognized As A Cyborg.
University Offers Self Pleasure Course Everyone Should Take
Black Parents Shocked to Give Birth to White Baby Girl
Italian league offers 4-month deal to Tim Tebow
Couple receives bag of cash instead of Mcdonald's order
Maine's Republican Gov. Paul LePage says climate change may help Maine. Rep. Mike Michaud rolls eyes.
Swedish Band 'The Hives' Dedicates 'Song About Stuff Blowing Up' To Boston During Concert At TD Garden
'Fifty Shades of Grey' book actually has herpes
Hilarious Guy Dying To Make Nelson Mandela/Morgan Freeman Mix-up Joke At Some Stage Today
U.S. Spy Rocket Launching Today Has Octopus-Themed 'Nothing Is Beyond Our Reach' Logo. Seriously.
Syrian presidency calls Mandela's life a lesson to tyrants
'Cannibal sandwiches' sicken Wisconsin residents
Wendy's Customer Finds a Half-smoked Blunt Inside Her Cheeseburger
Rick Santorum compares himself to Nelson Mandela fighting against the 'apartheid' of Obamacare
Report: LeBron doesn't like his new shoes
More men speaking in girls' 'dialect' (Valley Girl), study shows
All-American singer with very 'Arab' voice may win 'Arabs Got Talent'
Chief Keef Says 'Bang 3' Mixtape Will Raise The Murder Rate
Marijuana In Wendy's Burger Was 'Misplaced' By Employee
Study: Chronic Lateness May Actually Be Medical Condition
Someone's Been Siphoning Data Through a Huge Security Hole in the Internet
Eagle steals camera, takes selfie
24 Toll Takers Fall Ill at Triborough Bridge
In the Murky World of Bitcoin, Fraud is Quicker than Law.
Obama administration issues permits for wind farms to kill more eagles
Facebook Considers Adding a 'Sympathize' Button
Stolen prosthetic arm discovered in a second hand shop
Syria's Assad calls Mandela's life a lesson to tyrants
Iceland grieves after police kill a man for the first time in its history.
Man Sentenced to 21 Years in Prison For Fondling Children's Feet at Public Library
Rick Santorum compares Mandela to republicans fight against Obamacare
Homeless Men Wish They'd Gone Hungry Instead of Spending Bitcoins
Mother accused of trying to sell baby twice
Environment Minister Tweets Photo of Dead Polar Bear
Valve Experimenting With Tongue, Bottom Controllers
Man arrested for steal 5 cents worth of electricity
New Type Of Boredom Found In Teens
2 rob West Lafayette restaurant with machetes
Is Krampus the Christmas demon becoming too commercial?
NYPD Arrests Man for Carrying Breath Mints, Claims He Believed Mints to Be Ecstasy Pills
Rick Santorum: Obamacare Is Like Apartheid, I'm Like Mandela
Child taken from womb
Holiday cannibal sandwiches sicken Wisconsin residents
Manitoba kids given Ritz Crackers to balance 'unhealthy' lunch; mom fined $10
Kanye West: Obama Failing Because He's Not Jewish
People who install their own solar panels on their home are 'freeriders': legislation to punish people for being green.
McDonalds reminds employees to tip pool boy
Marijuana In Wendy's Burger Was 'Misplaced' By Employee Amy Seiber
Civilian Busted for Trying to Bring Nearly an Ounce of Weed into the Pentagon
Astroboffins spot HOT, YOUNG GIANT where she doesn't belong
Syrian President Assad Mourns Mandela's Death, Calls Icon's Life A Lesson To Tyrants
Obama administration about to give wind farms a free pass on killing bald eagles
Kansas Cancels Kansas Concert
Nate Robinson fined $25,000 for saying officials hate him
Microsoft smart bra will manage women's stress to prevent emotional overeating, and also the end times are here.
Macaulay Culkin Is In A Pizza-Themed Velvet Underground Cover Band Called The Pizza Underground
Anti-Soviet warrior puts his army on the road to peace (x-post 20 years ago)
Man arrested for allegedly swinging penis at women in "helicopter motion"
F.D.A. Approves Treatment for Curved Penis
ESPN Asks Its TV People To Stop Saying "Sucks" So Much.
'Nothing is beyond our reach': Evil octopus strangling the world becomes latest US intelligence seal
Utah man sues Sugar House library after being told he stinks:
Mysterious plans to build upstate NY 'China City of America'
Woman Hit By Deer After Car Accident
McDonald's to workers: Don't forget to tip pool boy
BlackBerry turned down Biber, 'he's not going to last'
Apparently McDonald's Thinks Its Employees Have Swimming Pools and Nannies
Family Guy to bring back Brian in obvious testament to the power of Internet protests, human spirit
Kanye West "I Am The Next Nelson Mandela"
Unarmed Man Shot At By NYPD Has Been Charged With Assault Because Bullets Hit Bystanders
Women Charged with Stealing Christmas Decorations | Corpus Christi, TX | KRISTV.com
High school girls basketball team players flash 'shocker' in team photo, suspended
Updated US policy permits accidental bald eagle death via wind turbine
Climate study reveals that Tolkien's land of Mordor is a lot like Los Angeles
Detroit TV newscast mistakes A-Rod for Nelson Mandela
Tennessee McDonald's serves couple paper bag full of cash instead of breakfast
India's Dating Sites Skip Straight to the Wedding
Tax men, not women: Tax men, not women says Gina Barreca
Frisky deep voice recreated in dead male koalas
Man arrested for stealing 5 cents worth of electricity
Caller confuses Nelson Mandela with Morgan Freeman on call-in radio show - 33:53
Man must pay $50k for breaking promise to marry
Man Who Died 8 Times Will Run In His 1st Boston Marathon (Pre 2013 Marathon)
Man torn between wife and Harley Davidson puts both of them up for sale on Craigslist
A Rampaging Australian Pig Drank 18 Beers And Got In A Fight With A Cow
Slowly They Modernize: A Federal Agency That Still Uses Floppy Disks
Wind farms that kill bald eagles are now protected from prosecution
McDonald's to Its Minimum-Wage Workers: Here's How to Tip Personal Trainers and Nannies
Newlyweds killed Pennsylvanian man for thrills
Police: Pa. newlyweds killed man for thrills
McDonald's to Employees: Don't Forget to Tip Your Nannies
China Decides to Ban Time Travel
'Muslim Patrol' jailed for harassing couple holding han
'Muslim Patrol' jailed for harassing couple holding hands and men drinking in a bid to enforce Sharia law in East London
'Muslim Patrol' members jailed for imposing sharia law in London
Kanye West: "I'm the next Nelson Mandela"
Governor denies he was robbed, left nude by prostitutes
Microsoft designs smart bra to combat emotional eating
What makes the dog fart so stinky? Science has the answer!
UK retailer GAME have unveiled the 'Christmas Tinner' a tinned can filled with nine layers of food-like substance
Rick Santorum movie flops, representing another victory for the devil.
Scientists simulate the climate of Tolkien's Middle Earth
Is Eating DNA Safe? (Op-Ed)
Will Russia Kill the International Space Station ... By Accident?
Uh Oh: Campbell's Honors Pearl Harbor Anniversary With Tweet Of Smiling Cartoon SpaghettiO
Did Kanye really just say he's the next Nelson Mandela?
Kanye West Thinks He Will Be The Next Nelson Mandela?
New Japanese whaling trip aims to hunt 1000 whales in response to foreign criticism.
Rebecca Black unveils the song we've all been waiting for: 'Saturday'
U.S. Spy Rocket Has Octopus-Themed 'Nothing Is Beyond Our Reach' Logo. Seriously.
Mike Tyson Says Pet Tigers Fart Too Much
Leaked Documents Show Bill Clinton was Thinking About Fry Cooks, Bob Dole with an Erection During 90's Summit on Slobodan Milosevic
Jogger hit by flying deer
After touching men's underwear, women take bigger financial risks and seek more rewards
More men speaking in girls' 'dialect', study shows
School Removes Wrecking Ball After Students Imitate Miley Read more: Latest Videos - TIME.com http://content.time.com/time/video/player/0,32068,2680014176001_0,00.html?iid=tabvidrecirc#ixzz2mpmTiCFR
School Removes Wrecking Ball After Students Imitate Miley
'Confusing' Scratchcard Withdrawn By Camelot: A scratchcard is withdrawn after some players struggle to understand why -7, for example, is a lower number than -5.
Ryan Seacrest wants to pimp your iPhone
Bill Clinton Drew Dicks And Limousines On Secret Documents When He Was President
The launch code for U.S. nukes was 00000000... for 20 years
Meth Found In Western Washington University Students' Home After Renters Felt Dizzy
Car hits deer; airborne deer hits Loudoun runner
Patriot Act author: Obama's intel czar should be prosecuted...
Elf on the Shelf revealed to be part of secret NSA spying program
Pickens County Sheriff will not lower flag for Nelson Mandela
Women Finds Half-Smoked Blunt In Wendy's Burger After Worker Drops It In 'By Mistake'
Rick Santorum compares himself to Nelson Mandela fighting against the 'apartheid' of Obamacare | The Raw Story
Rebecca Black Just Released a Sequel to 'Friday,' It's Called 'Saturday'
Rebecca Black Moves on "Friday" with New Song "Saturday"
Using a baby to smuggle drugs
Stephen King Joins Twitter, Gets Writer's Block
Driver blames 'gorilla' for car crash
Two thousand toxic mice pumped up with Tylenol dropped on Guam by parachute to kill snakes (x-post from /r/worldnews)
Why I Sympathize With Hitler Part 1: True History Unveiled, by Tila Tequila
Woman hurt typing fake profiles of sexy women for dating site Ashley Madison, $20M suit alleges
Man Cancels Wedding To Watch Kobe's Return
Rutherford Institute Defends 10-Year-Old Suspended for Shooting Imaginary Arrow, Threatened with Expulsion Under Weapons Policy
Dutch program gives jobs to unemployed alcoholics, pays them with beer
Fast Food Worker Guilty of Serving Marijuana Burger
Georgia court orders man pay one-time fiancé $50,000 for breaking promise to marry her
Two thousand toxic mice dropped on Guam by parachute to kill snakes
Gucci Mane strangles cellmate after man allegedly attempts to rape him
Men Talk Like 'Valley Girls,' Too
BBC News - Are Chris Christmas Trees Getting Worse?
Rebecca Black Finally Makes It to the Weekend With 'Saturday': Watch
Jean-Claude Van Damme Shows Off Thigh Muscles In Epic Volvo Trucks Ad
Flying deer hits runner in Loudoun
Alleged Cannibal Ran Hotel With Grilling Area
Federal Agency Still Uses Floppy Disks
This Dude Just Won $100,000 Throwing A Football Like An Asshole
The CEO Obsessed With Making Eggs Without Chickens
New Orleans man falls asleep in 70 degree weather, wakes up with hypothermia.
Birds Will Attack Amazon's Delivery Drones
Beyonce wears fur jacket, suede shoes days after declaring vegan diet with husband Jay Z
Between Pigs And Anchovies: Where Humans Rank On The Food Chain
Bill Nye tells Obama: You should be more of a science guy
Guy and girl start dating after he mistakes her for deer and shoots her
He shot her; now they're a couple
Satanists plan statue to stand alongside Ten Commandments in Oklahoma
Satanists seek spot on Oklahoma Statehouse steps
A Guy Accidentally Paid £450 for a Photo of an Xbox on eBay
Manchester United Fan in Kenya Commits Suicide After Newcastle Loss (Video)
IKEA Germany now has parking lots for dogs
Smoker fighting for her life after lighting cigarette while wearing oxygen mask
Germany considers arming police with Nazi music identifier app
NSA morale down after Edward Snowden revelations, former U.S. officials say
British Spies Replace Terrorists' Bomb Instructions With Cupcake Recipe
New Orleans, Louisana is the United States 15th most sober city.
Westboro Baptist Church Plans to Protest At Nelson Mandela's Funeral
The last Jew in Afghanistan may be leaving
No Hugs Allowed? Madison Targets Pro Cuddlers
Satanists want statue beside Ten Commandments monument at Oklahoma Legislature
Officer Who Fired on Runaway Family's Minivan Fired
Posters for Seinfeld movie Rochelle Rochelle are making a strange, erotic journey through New York
Colo. School Board Member Denies Existence of Gay, Trans Identities
Navy Chaplain Claims 'Demon of Rape' Inside Call for Trans Student Rights
Pastor says he will tame and ride wild horse during service
Mexican Teen Injects Krokodil Into Genitals
Man Successfully Sues Wife Over Ugly Children and Judge Orders Wife to Pay $120,000 | Kineda
LGBT Rights Group Sounds Alarm Over "Sheboygan"
Rebecca Black Continues Naming Days of the Week, Releases 'Saturday'
Stonehenge 'was a prehistoric centre for rock music'
Minnesota Vikings' Plane delayed in Baltimore after being hit by a catering truck.
Man falls asleep on United Express flight making connection in Houston; wakes up in dark, empty plane
Wisconsin capital targets professional cuddlers
Africans With Albinism Hunted in Tanzania
Turks detained at Auschwitz for alleged Nazi salute
Satanists seek spot next to Ten Commandments monument on steps of Oklahoma's Statehouse
Smog? It bolsters military defence, says Chinese nationalist newspaper
Macaulay Culkin forms pizza-themed Velvet Underground tribute band
Texas Student Asks Campus Cop, "You Gonna Shoot Me?" So Cop Shoots Him. Dead.
Japan's Hottest New Sex Trend Is Not Having Sex
Fatally Shot By Campus Police, Cameron Redus' Last Words Were 'Oh, You're Gonna Shoot Me?'
Oklahoma Satanists seek monument by Statehouse steps
How Video Games Are Turning Your Children Into Homsexuals
Teen locked up after taking pre-robbery selfie
Addictive Flesh-Eating Drug Krokodil Literally Rots a Teen's Genitals
TSA agent confiscates sock monkey's toy pistol
5 out of 6 researchers comment on something they have not researched
NSA, GCHQ 'planted agents' into World of Warcraft, Second Life to spy on gamers
Revealed: spy agencies' covert push to infiltrate virtual world of online games
Chris Brown compared to Martin Luther King and Jesus by R Kelly
Stolen vehicle rampage damages police cruisers, ends in flood at Burnaby Hospital.
Harassed boyfriend jumped to his death after his girlfriend insisted on going into another clothes shop
Johnny Jones, 10, 'faces expulsion from South Eastern Middle School in Pennsylvania after firing imaginary arrow at classmate'
Edward Snowden: Intelligence agents 'posed as Orcs in World of Warcraft to monitor terrorists'
Macaulay Culkin is in a band that does Velvet Underground covers about pizza
Macaulay Culkin forms band, records Velvet Underground songs, changing words to be all about pizza.
The young will inherit a future they see as a sham
So Gordon Ramsay has a dwarf double. Who is a porn star. Who was found dead and half eaten, in a den of badgers.
Spy agencies in covert push to infiltrate virtual world of online gaming
Spies' Dragnet Reaches a Playing Field of Elves and Trolls
Man armed with sword demands free tacos from San Antonio restaurant (x-post from r/SanAntonio)
Man jumps to death after girlfriend asks him to go into "one more shop"
Man armed with sword demands free tacos from San Antonio restaurant
Westboro Baptist Church plans to fly to South Africa and protest at Nelson Mandela's funeral.
Chinese boyfriend jumped to his death after girlfriend insisted on going into another clothes shop
Miley Cyrus, Pope Francis among Time's 'Person of the Year' finalists
Boyfriend commits suicide rather than enter another clothes shop with girlfriend
NSA spied on 'World of Warcraft' and Xbox Live online games
VIDEO: Australian condom commercial banned for being too sexy
Satanists want a monument in Oklahoma's capitol
Pope Francis is the Catholic Church's Obama - God help us
Passenger wakes up alone on locked plane
Susan Boyle says Asperger's diagnosis was a relief
Wisconsin Capitol gets Festivus pole for holidays : Madisondotcom
Tila Tequila Knows the Truth About Paul Walker's Death
BBC receives 1,350 complaints about 'excessive' coverage of Mandela's death after viewers are angered by decision to interrupt Mrs Brown's Boys
Kid dies of asthma attack in ontario school because they would not allow him to carry his inhaler around
Macaulay Culkin Has a Pizza-Themed Velvet Underground Cover Band
Gay waitress loses job after tip probe
Ted Cruz coloring book for children says Obamacare 'worse than any war'
Oregon Ducks football players face discipline for organizing, participating in snowball fight
How I found a home with the Juggalos.
NSA, GCHQ 'planted agents' into World of Warcraft.
Steelers Lineman Shoves Hand Into Opponent's Taint During Fumble Scrum
Ontario mom urges schools to let asthmatic kids carry puffers
Harvard Study Finds: The Rent Is Too Damn High
Urban Meyer eats sad post-loss pizza in bowels of stadium
DNA evidence on fedora leads cops to alleged missionary rapist
Tao Hsiao, Chinese Man, Commits Suicide in Mall After Argument with Girlfriend
Chinese Boyfriend Gets So Tired Of Shopping With His Girlfriend, He Jumps To Death In Mall
Man Forced To Watch Concert With His Own Eyes
Sriracha-Flavored Vodka Is About To Hit The Market
The U.K. Prime Minister Went on Weibo and All Anyone Cared About Was When Sherlock Will Be Back
Paris Hilton's Brother Bloodied in Attack Ordered By Lindsay Lohan
Now You Can Get Drunk Off Sriracha
Leak: Government spies snooped in 'Warcraft,' other games
Man Commits Suicide in Mall After Girlfriend Refuses to Stop Shopping
Ohio State University Acquires Military-Style Armored Truck
No tailgating at Super Bowl
Chinese Man Commits Suicide in Mall After Argument About Continuing to Shop with Girlfriend (Original Post in Chinese)
Facebook develops 'sympathise' button
CHINA: Our Smog Is A Major Defensive Advantage On The Battlefield
Crisis for Insane Clown Posse: Getting Saner
The Koch Brothers Are Still Trying to Break Wind
Boyfriend jumps to his death after girlfriend insists they continue shopping
Miley Cyrus hits Jingle Balls, twerks on Santa Claus Read
Simple Game Brings the Fun of Waiting in Line to Computers
University of New Hampshire's new $65,000 logo
R Kelly compares Chris Brown to Martin Luther King, Jesus
Ohio Man Who Raped 6-Month-Old Baby to Death Wants Mercy
Online fantasy games infiltrated by US, UK spies
Oklahoma Satanists Want to Donate Monument Next to State Ten Commandments Display.
Trenton man sleeps for 10 hours unaware of knife stuck in his back until his brother alerted him (xpost from r/newjersey)
Cleveland police chief, MainStreet head apologize after love nest found at storage unit
Why Miley Cyrus Should Be The 2013 Person Of The Year Instead Of Pope Francis
Trenton man sleeps for 10 hours unaware of knife stuck in his back until his brother alerted him
Snoozing passenger wakes up alone in locked plane
Chinese boyfriend jumped to his death after girlfriend insisted on going into another clothes shop : worldnews
Man commits suicide at mall after girlfriend insists on buying more shoes
10 Year Old Suspended For Imaginary Weapon
UCLA student goes to Libya to fight with rebel soldiers as a "sick summer break".
Cheney: The Iran Deal Is Bad Because Of Obamacare
The NSA Has Undercover World of Warcraft Agents
Dude Jumps To His Death In Mall After Girlfriend Insists That They Go To One More Store After 5 Hours Of Shopping | Barstool Sports: New York City
NSA and GCHQ collect gamers' chats and deploy real-life agents into World of Warcraft and Second Life
Texas GOP Re-writes Bible to Include Elephant at the Birth of Christ
The Daily Dot - Samsung's response to a customer whose phone caught fire only made things worse (x-post r/technology)
New Cold-Proof Cockroaches Chill in New York for Christmas
Satanists want monument in Oklahoma, interactive display for kids
Samsung tries to silence user whose S4 caught fire, it doesn't go over well
Logo of new US spy satellite features world-devouring octopus and slogan "Nothing is beyond our reach."
Queens Attorney: Murdering A Prostitute Not A Big Deal
Bunny butchered in cut-throat figure skating feud
Largely White Audience Turns Out To Hear Rand Paul Speak At African-American Outreach Event
NSA has secret agents planted inside World of Warcraft?
Angelenos even had to use the Starbucks drive-thru window to avoid the cold. Yes, the horror of it all!
Man Leaps to His Death in Shopping Mall After Girlfriend Insists on More Shopping
Accused Iowa City Shoplifter Blames 'Someone Else' For Shoving Jerky Down Pants
Police: Barber stabs customer in testicles
After having non-consensual sex with a goat, a man has to face his victim in court.
Gov. Rick Scott allows 'militant atheist' to erect beer can Festivus pole at Florida Capitol
Lady gaga dressed as Christmas tree stealing shoe from fat man.
Israel's Benjamin Netanyahu to skip Mandela memorial, citing cost
Reality star Tila Tequila converts to Nazism, calls herself 'Hitila' in anti-Semitic new song
Comic Relief money invested in arms and tobacco shares
Satanists want statue next to 10 Commandments
New US Spy Satellite Features World Devouring Octopus; Slogan is "Nothing is Beyond Our Reach"
Sen. Ted Cruz featured in new coloring book for kids
Ben Affleck admits 'Daredevil' was worse than 'Gigli' as he takes on 'Batman' next
Tila Tequila is a Neo Nazi now.
46% Americans Believe In Creationism According To Latest Gallup Poll
US adorns its newest spy rocket with malevolent octopus
Tila Tequila Is a Nazi Sympathizer Who Calls Herself 'Hitila'
Man leaps to his death after girlfriend refuses to stop shopping
Rebecca Black is back with a new song called....Saturday
Mich. RNC member says gays want free healthcare because they're dying of AIDS
Tila Tequila, Jew (?), Converts to Sexy Hitler
Man commits suicide in mall after girlfriend refuses to stop buying shoes
After 42 Repeal Votes And A Shutdown, GOP Senator Says He Likes A Key Part Of Obamacare
Man commits suicide in shopping mall - After his girlfriend, who had been shopping for more than five hours, insisted on going to another shop, the man snapped, jumping from a 7 story balcony to his death.
Smog makes you funnier and smarter, Chinese media claims
AT&T Tells Shareholders To Mind Their Own Business Concerning Its Relationship With The NSA
"We shall ban only the guns that are undetectable! 1st we find them. Then... Aw shit!" - Congress Renews Undetectable Gun Ban
Spies Infiltrate a Fantasy Realm of Online Games (x-post)
Fox News Editor Declares War on Pope Francis, Calls Him the Catholic Church's Obama
Rapper Ja Rule leaves wife for man he met in jail
Obama Says Everyone Should Learn How to Hack
Want to feel the climate of Mordor? Go to Texas
Man commits suicide at Xuzhou, China mall when girlfriend won't stop shopping, report says
Man commits suicide at Xuzhou, China mall when girlfriend won't stop shopping for shoes
Chinese Man Kills Himself in Mall Rather Than Continue Shopping With Girlfriend
TSA Seizes Sock Monkey's Toy Gun
YouTube star Rebecca Black returns with new single Saturday (Globe and Mail)
Climate study: The Shire is New Zealand, Mordor is south Texas
Cold dis-comfort: Antarctica set record of -135.8
Boyfriend jumped to his death after his girlfriend insisted on going into another clothes shop.
News Anchor Accidentally Reports Facts Without Personal Or Political Bias
My selfie with Brooklyn Bridge suicide dude
China's Smog Has Benefits, State Media Outlet Says
Why Most Rich 1 Percenters Would Give Anything To Be Among The 99%
Abbott threatens to steal Christmas
Tila Tequila Claims Paul Walker Was A Ritualistic Murder
Tila Tequila Claims Paul Walker Was Ritualistically Murdered, And that Hitler was Misunderstood.
Girlfriend's shoe shopping drives man to jump to his death
The Australian Army Faked A Death Scene -- A Bus Driver Saw It And Is Now Suing Them Over The Nightmares It Gave Him
Chinese man fed up with his girlfriend's shopping jumps to his death
Xbox Live among game services targeted by US and UK spy agencies
Murdoch is evil: the message hidden in a children's puzzle in one of his papers (x-post r/worldnews)
Murdoch is evil: the message hidden in a children's puzzle in one of his papers
Chinese media find silver linings in smog clouds
Enraged Chinese boyfriend jumps to death after girlfriend insists on shopping
Why Women Still Need Husbands
Valley couple calls 911 after they don't get hash brown order at McDonald's
China's Smog Has Benefits, Says State Media Outlet
'I'm experiencing austerity as well', says Princess Michael of Kent
Charges Reduced Against Reverend Billy and Choir Director For Toad Hat-Wearing Chase Bank Protest
Canada plans to claim North Pole
Teenage girl convicted of robbery after taking pre-crime selfie wielding a knife
Man jumps to his death after girlfriend insists they continue shopping
TSA confiscates sock monkey's two inch toy gun
Vaginally Administered Viagra can Reduce Menstrual Pain in Women: Study
10-year-old Pennsylvania middle-school student suspended and facing expulsion for shooting an imaginary arrow at a classmate (mimmicking The Hunger Games).
Tacos or death, sword-wielding robber demands.
Six year old suspended from school for "sexual harassment".
China state media under fire for arguing benefits of smog
Colorado town may vote to shoot down drones
Man Facing 142 Charges Posted Incriminating Photos on Instagram
Madison, Wisconsin Targets Hugs And Snugglers
MACAULAY CULKIN IN PIZZA-THEMED VELVET UNDERGROUND TRIBUTE BAND
Flying deer hits Virginia jogger
Wisconsin snuggle business has closed after scrutiny from city officials
Cashill: Prosecuting George Zimmerman On Civil Rights Grounds Is Like Prosecuting Nelson Mandela Or Mother Theresa
Police: NJ Man Didn't Know He Had Knife in Back
Colorado 6-year-old suspended for kissing a girl
Man jumps to death after girlfriend insists on shopping
Obama takes selfie with British, Danish prime ministers
Thailand's skin-whitening craze reaches woman's intimate areas
Satanic Temple Monument in Okla. May Include 'Interactive Display' for Kids
Mother gets call from 'Satan' and decides to ring him back
Six year old suspended for 'sexual harassment'
Obama, Cameron, Schmidt take selfie at Mandela memorial
The Mariners outbid themselves for Robinson Cano
Police want to arrest a man for rioting after he held up a "burn the couch" sign at football game
President Obama snaps a selfie at Mandela's memorial service
China will use world's fastest supercomputer to forecast smog
Selfies at funerals? David Cameron and Barack Obama pose at memorial for Nelson Mandela
Madoff's fellow inmates wanted him to teach a class on investing.
Inmates, Guards Ask Bernie Madoff for Investing Tips
David Cameron and Barack Obama in 'selfie' at Nelson Mandela's memorial
Canada plans claim that would include North Pole
Police arrest 3 bikers for drinking together in a pub
Barack Obama, David Cameron and Helle Thorning-Schmidt Take Selfie At Nelson Mandela Memorial
Don't make me go back to 'racist' Australia: Boat race protester
Texan Allegedly Pulls Sword & Demands Tacos
Oklahoma State Representatives File 'Merry Christmas Bill' - "The bill calls for more protections for Christmas and how it's celebrated in schools, such as religion based greetings and nativity scenes."
Police arrest 3 men for drinking together in a pub
US Spy Agency Launches Earth-Conquering Octopus Logo into Orbit
Oklahoma State Representatives File 'Merry Christmas Bill'
CBS Honors Mandela With Toto's "Africa" Instead of South African Music
Women's Rights Activist Demands More Females Killed In Combat
'CBS This Morning' Plays Toto's 'Africa' For Mandela Segment
Former lunch lady pleads not guilty to allegedly paying $1 for kids to beat up classmate
Kanye West thinks only comedians should be heckled (Video)
Texas Man Uses Sword at a Mexican Restaurant to Demand Free Tacos
When International Spying Fails, the CIA Turns to World of Warcraft
Paul Walker was killed in 'ritualistic murder,' Myspace star-turned-conspiracy theorist Tila Tequila says
Charges: Naked Utah Man Bites Police Dog
US Agency new logo.... an Evil Octopus
Colorado Boy, 6, suspended, accused of sexual harassment for kissing a girl on the cheek.
Festivus pole to go up in Florida Capitol rotunda
Morbidly obese rapist who crushed his victims as he had sex with them is jailed for eight years [x-post /r/Justiceporn]
Obese 150kg rapist Noureldin Derwish lured victims with fake tales of wealth, underworld ties and links to Osama bin Laden
Rebecca Black Has A New Song And It's Called "Saturday"
Police say they don't have any leads after a Georgia woman was glued to a toilet seat at a Home Depot for over an hour.
Teens Are Having a Racist Meltdown Over Lorde's 'Ugly' Boyfriend
Obama, Cameron take 'selfie' at Mandela memorial
Feral cats are now crashing a Brooklyn nativity scene
Pot-smoking Mountie Ron Francis charged with assault
Sleeping passenger awakes to find himself locked inside dark, empty plane at Houston airport
Samantha West The Telemarketer Robot Who Swears She's Not a Robot
Man commits suicide after girlfriend refuses to quit shopping
Man proposes to girlfriend's child - 'Will You Be My Step-Daughter?'
This Driver Injected 15 Bags Of Heroin Before Crashing, Because 'Meth Is For Quitters'
Government delays EU immigration report because it is too positive
Xbox One Digital Game Prices Raised
A chimp off the old block? Legal bid to make ape a 'person'
Obama joins 2 other world leaders for a selfie at Mandela's memorial
Man named Sam Sung no longer works at Apple
Madagascar village 'hit by bubonic plague'
Iranians troll Messi, Brazilian model on Facebook
Man Charged With Drunken Driving In Police Department Parking Lot
Obama's Second-Term Surprise: Yes, Aliens Are Real
Microsoft Not Developing A Bra To Stop Overeating, After All
NSW Australia- considers deploying military style drones for spotting sharks
Tila Tequila wears Nazi uniform, calls Hitler a 'sweet kid' in shocking Facebook rant
Texas Robber Wields Sword, Demands Free Tacos
'What are you, Hawaiian?': Justin Bieber calls curvy fan 'beached whale'... before enjoying sunbathing session with topless blonde
Aaron Hernandez says life in jail isn't stressful in letter that includes drawing of nude woman
Obama takes 'selfie' at Mandela's funeral with U.K.'s Cameron and Denmark's PM
CIA papers show Panetta spilled bin Laden secrets
Obama Takes Selfie at Nelson Mandela's Funeral
Police: Texas Man Pulled Sword, Demanded Free Tacos
Texas Man Armed With Sword Demands Tacos
Gay teacher surprised Catholic school fired him
Rise of the spider-goats
Synthetic biology and the rise of the 'spider-goats'
Chinese government: Smog has at least five benefits
CTA Digital's iPad-meets-toilet for infants garners parental wrath
Man Reportedly Jumps To His Death In Chinese Mall After Girlfriend's Shopping Spree.
Report: Fake sign language interpreter used at Nelson Mandela service
Brian Shaw Rids Denver Nuggets Locker Room of Pizza and Nachos Before Games
Interview With a Raver Who Wears Electrical Tape on Her Boobs
Santa Warns In Greenpeace Video Christmas Will Be Canceled Due To Global Warming
NYPD Cops Beat-up My Loved Ones, Killed My Parakeet
best timed selfie ever
Tila Tequila goes on pro-Hitler online rant
A Bunny Was Decapitated in an Ongoing Blood Feud Between Figure Skaters
Police allege driver of erratic vehicle in Lindsay was trying to dislodge snow
Boy suspended for firing imaginary bow and arrow at US school
Boy, 10, suspended from school for 'firing' imaginary bow and arrow
Bloomberg News Report: Who Needs a Raise When You Have TV?
The Pirate Bay (Domain) Flees To A Volcanic Island
200,000 people apply to live on Mars
Gerrymandered GOP Congressional District Or Rorschach Inkblot?
Spy games: NSA and CIA allegedly tried to recruit World of Warcraft and Second Life players
THE rape of a Belgian tourist in a dark alley in Potts Point last month is a warning that environmentally sensitive street lighting will take a terrible human toll.
CBS Plays 'Africa' Over Mandela Memorial Footage, Toto Does Not Approve
Spies Infiltrate a Fantasy Realm of Online Games; An Elf May Be An Agent.
Trooper Bulletin: Cyrus the Rottweiler, on the loose in Salcha, accused of unwanted breeding
Bahraini MP calls for government to stamp out witchcraft, citing the case of a woman who paralysed her husband by feeding him period blood.
Oklahoma lawmakers: No Satanist monument because 'this is a faith-based state'
People who play scratch card's don't have basic maths skills.
Texan allegedly pulls sword, demands free tacos
Orthodox [Jews] slowly lifting taboo on female masturbation
A Chinese Man Has Jumped To His Death Instead Of Continuing Shopping With His Girlfriend
Nelson Mandela memorial sign language interpreter was a 'fake' who 'made up his own signs'
Nelson Mandela memorial interpreter 'was a fake'
Swordsman Arrested at Restaurant for Demanding 6 Free Tacos, "or Somebody Dies"
Chinese gamer plays on while BMW burns to the ground
Ireland Asks Unemployed Citizens to Move Away
How Tila Tequila's warm new embrace of Adolf Hitler is going down at Stormfront
Elections Canada rejects MP's claim for grooming costs as election expenses
Christopher Kimberley jailed after lying to girlfriend about being mugged to avoid getting into trouble after night out
All signs suggest Obama's interpreter for the deaf was fake
Sign language interpreter at Nelson Mandela's funeral is "just making it up."
6 Year Old Boy Kisses Girl and Is Listed As a Sexual Offender By the School
Simulations back up theory that Universe is a hologram
TSA confiscate toy monkey's toy gun.
AT&T chief says they 'can't afford to subsidize' iPhones forever (x-post r/apple)
'Fake' sign language interpreter signs along to tributes from Nelson Mandela's grandchildren
The '5 Surprising Benefits' of smog, according to state media: Shanghaiist
Man jumps to death after girlfriend refuses to stop shopping.
AT&T chief says they 'can't afford to subsidize' iPhones forever
Mandela memorial sign language interpreter accused of being a fake
Colorado Police Worried Stoners Might Be Too Motivated
The Aviationist » Helicopter creates rain of flares at dusk to fight winter depression in Denmark
Get your subsidized iPhones while you can - AT&T says the deals can't last
'Fake' sign language interpreter at Nelson Mandela memorial provokes anger
'Fake' Sign Language Interpreter Marred Mandela Memorial
Nelson Mandela memorial sign language interpreter was a 'fake'
Canada vows to protect Santa Claus from Russian troops in the Arctic
Backseat driving son bit off dad's eyebrow
Cavemen Did Not Live in Caves
Charlottetown Superstore resells meat found in thief's pants - The Guardian
President Barack Obama takes selfie at Nelson Mandela's memorial service
Cats Illegally Occupy Brooklyn Nativity Scene, Appear to Have Kidnapped the Little Baby Jesus
Police: Man Spends Hours In Strip Club, Leaves Baby Inside Car
Beer-can Festivus pole set up next to Florida Capitol nativity scene
Girlfriend won't stop shopping, man jumps to his death in mall
The Chiefs are going to the super bowl according to a groundhog soothsayer
Mandela Memorial Deaf Signer Was 'Fake' (x post from /r/cringe)
Six year old suspended for kissing girl
Colorado police worried stoners will be too motivated.
Pope Francis, The Choice
McDonald's customer responds to cold drive-thru French fries by throwing axe at staff in Paris
Fatwa: Women who swim in the sea commit adultery, should be punished
Mrs. Obama not upset over selfie
Man doing sign language at Mandela memorial was a fake
DailyTech - Thieves Steal Truck with Cobalt-60 Onboard in Mexico, Will Die "Without a Doubt" from Exposure
Mandela Event Sign Language Translator Accused of Being Fake
Murdoch's own newspaper calls him 'evil'
Charlottetown Superstore resells meat found in thief's pants
Man bitten on penis by hungry toilet snake
'Revenge porn' site 'ruining my life,' accused operator told cops
Canada vows to defend Santa Claus from Russian troops as row over territory escalates
Obama creates international incident with 'selfie' at Mandela service
Brunette Democrat Comes Out As 'Pansexual'
BAILEY: IS IT A MOP HANDLE OR A PENIS?
Freakishly realistic telemarketing robots are denying they're robots
Trousers with an in-built DRUM KIT turns your legs into musical instrument
Romanian MPs decriminalise political corruption
Tila Tequila might be a Nazi sympathizer and conspiracy theorist
Mandela Memorial: Deaf Signer Was 'Fake'
My hometown faces scrutiny from LGBT group for having the name "Sheboygan."
Nelson Mandela ceremony sign language interpreter a 'fake'
Presentation on roundabout stirs passions
Nelson Mandela's deaf interpreter at his funeral was a phony who was basically just flapping his arms around.
Man found in bed with 11-year-old girl 'freed' on grounds they had 'romantic relationship'
Deaf interpreter for Nelson Mandela memorial a fake: officials
Sign language interpreter at Nelson Mandela's memorial was a fake
French café charges extra for rudeness
Woman Glued to Toilet in Home Depot Bathroom
Burglar breaks into 87-year-old Jessup woman's basement, steals crochet work
Sexual harrament? 6 year old suspended for a kiss on the hand.
Burglars Break into Desmond Tutu's Home During Mandela Memorial
Report: Facebook to develop a sympathy button
Marco Rubio enrolls in Obamacare, takes federal subsidy
16-Year-Old Drunk Driver Who Killed Four Escapes Jail - Because He Is Rich
Man Jumps 7 Stories to His Death to Escape Shopping More After 5 Hours at Mall With Girlfriend
Gays will eliminate heterosexuals through evolution if they get equal rights, per Baptist pastor
Costa Coffee's taster has tongue insured for £10 million
Fruit limits imposed after jail riot
Claustrophobic woman claws her way out of bathroom
Chinese Hackers Are Luring Diplomats With Promises of Porn
Scientists to test if we are living in a computer simulation.
French cafe offers discounts to polite customers
Foreign Ministries Breached by Chinese Hackers Thanks to Fake Nude Pic E-mails
6 Year Old Suspended for "Sexual Harrasment" for Kissing Girl in School on Her Hand
Syracuse man accused of sending threatening letters to himself, others.
Lars Von Trier's Nymphomaniac arouses debate as a 'really bad porn movie'
6-year-old suspended for kissing girl, accused of sexual harassment
Riverside trustees decide not to kill "ugly" coyotes, focus on education
Six-Year-Old Kisses Girl's Cheek, Gets Suspended for 'Sexual Harassment'
Sexual Harassment!? Kiss on Cheek Gets First-Grader Suspended
We've Reached The Point Where Climate Change Deniers Need To Be Reminded That It Snows Every Year
Marty Markowitz Calls Brooklyn the "Lesbian Capital of the Northeast"
Texas judge sentences teen who killed 4 pedestrians during a DWI to probation because he is a product of wealth
6 year old boy kisses girl and is listed as sex offender by school
Micky D's tells workers how much to tip their pool cleaners, dog walkers, and masseuses
Peyton Manning Wears Helmet, Listens to Practice Playcalls During Icebath in Training Room
Peyton Manning Wears Helmet, Listens to Playcalls from Practice During Icebath
Teen Gets Probation for Drunken Wreck that Killed 4, Pissing Off Just About Everyone
French café starts charging extra to rude customers
Chinese media: smog has at least five benefits
Brooklyn Burglar Preps With Hour-Long Twerking Session
George Zimmerman won't be charged in domestic dispute, prosecutor says
Major League Baseball to ban home plate collisions
Meeting embattled Toronto mayor a highlight for Sarnia students
R-Kelly compares Chris Brown to Jesus MLK and Muhammad Ali.
Studies Confirm that When You Snooze, You Lose
Cal Poly: No university policies were violated at 'Colonial Bros and Nava-Hos' party
First 'StarCraft 2' player officially recognized as an athlete by U.S. government
First Starcraft 2 player recognised as athlete by the United States
Walking Dead Actress Sends Ricin Letters to the President
'Walking Dead' Actress Pleads Guilty in Ricin Letters to Obama, Bloomberg
Arizona police lieutenant forgets to pay for doughnuts
Nelson Mandela memorial sign language interpreter 'was making it up'
Rescuers Near Icy Pond Find Naked Man Inside Guitar Case.
Teens Crash Mansion, Throw Party, Make Off With Stuffed Snow Leopard
Interpreter for deaf at Mandela memorial service was a fake, advocates for deaf say
It's official - Being rich keeps you out of jail. Just use the Affluenza defense. "I'm rich and my parents didn't teach me right from wrong." WTF??
Mandela Signer 'Moving His Hands ... but There Was no Meaning'
Arizona detective resigns after finding out she's an illegal immigrant
"Affluenza" Texas Teen Kills Four, Escapes Jail Time, Because Money
Sign language interpreter at Nelson Mandela's memorial 'was a fake who made up his own hand gestures'
Miami Marlins' Morrison: 'If you're reading this, I have already been traded'
Japanese amateur chef shares his cooking secret (Hint: the secret is fish heads)
NBC: Obama's Handshake With Castro 'A True Mandela Moment'
South Korea plans online gaming clampdown in new 'antisocial addiction' laws
Deaf community outraged sign language interpreter for Barack Obama at Nelson Mandela memorial service was a 'fake'.
25 Celebrities We Didn't Know Were African American
Teen avoids jail because he's wealthy
Having a Negative Daily Horoscope Makes You More Likely to YOLO
Toxins from burning bodies bad for Oakland, lawsuit says
Spotify announces free streaming on Android and iPhone, but only in Shuffle mode
Romanian state TV airs Christmas carol about burning Jews, celebrating Holocaust
Man banned from Walmart for life
Cambridge student attacked and stamped on for looking like 'Harry Potter'
Tongue Piercing-Controlled Wheelchair Performs 'Three Times Better'
Texas teen successfully argues Affluenza condition to avoid jail for drunken crash that killed 4, paralyzed one
Drunk driving teen kills four, receives probation. Defense team argues teen has "Affluenza" from family's wealth and is unable to understand the link between behavior and consequences. (xpost /r/rage)
American University campus lockdown lifted after 'gunman' revealed to be off-duty cop
Leo the Homeless Coder Finished His App, and You Can Download It Right Now
Bride at wedding gets into catfight with pregnant accuser in wedding dress
Rob Ford invites media to house party, walks in on woman in towel; Doug Ford interviews Santa statue
TSA seize tiny, itsy-bitsy gun from sock-monkey
Shut. Down. Everything. There's a Company That Prints Gifs
Tory MP accuses Liberals of abandoning North Pole, Santa Claus, and suggesting jolly old elf no longer Canadian
Florida Man Airs Grievances With Festivus Pole In Capitol
Teen drunk driver uses "affluenza" defense after deadly crash
Florida Man Airs Grievances With Festivus Pole In Capitol : NPR
Conservatives Complain That Obama Paid Tribute To Mandela, But Snubbed Thatcher
A man living next to a waste recycling facility is still struggling with flies, and oder problems, four years after plant has opened.
The US state department says it is considering sanctions towards Ukraine after riot police moved in on protesters.
Former DEA agent joins equity firm investing in pot
Woman Claws Her Way Out of Locked Bathroom as in 'Shawshank Redemption'
Rich teen gets probation for deadly DWI collision with 'Affluenza' defense
Texas teen Ethan Couch gets 10 years' probation for driving drunk, killing 4
Tourists Love NYC ... When Their Feet Don't Get Amputated
Bahraini MP calls for government to stamp out witchcraft and sorcery
Interview with Thamsanqa Dyantyi, the fake interpreter at Mandela's funeral
Feminism and Programming Languages
Teen who killed 4, brain-damaged his passenger, and injured 9 others, got off on probation. Judge agreed with the boy's defense that he was a victim of "affluenza," whose parents taught him wealth and privilege shield consequences.
So apparently there's a black guy on Instagram that is wearing white women as scarves.
Michigan 'Rape Insurance' Bill Passes Into Law
Marco Rubio Signs Up For Obamacare
Mandela signer hits back: I'm sign language champion
Mandela sign language interpreter claims to be, "A sign language champ."
Teen who killed four while driving drunk will serve no jail time
Rubio enrolls family in Obamacare exchange
People who drink alcohol outlive those who abstain - study
Bad, rich kid never taught right from wrong or punished kills 4, paralyzes 2 while drinking and driving - Probation
StarCraft II gamer receives US pro-athlete visa
Gas employees burn house after verifying the leak with a lighter
Man accused of faking sign-language at Mandela memorial says he 'saw angels'
China tells pilots to improve landing skills to deal with Beijing smog
Americans say they still love their libraries, even if they're not using them.
10-Year-Old Boy Suspended From School For Imaginary Bow And Arrow
I'm secretly hoping its contagious
Did Lady Gaga Kill Lou Reed?
Sexiest Man Alive Embraces Obamacare to Boost Enrollment
Interpreter at Mandela Event: I Was Hallucinating
Interpreter at Mandela Event Was Hallucinating, Saw Angels
Stephen Brawn cleared of rape after he filmed himself having sex with a sleeping woman and posted it on Facebook
MANDELA SIGN LANGUAGE IMPOSTER: I Was Hallucinating
Michigan passes 'rape insurance' bill
Cul-de-sacs are killing America
Prison Inmate Hacks Prison PC To Send Email, Watch Online Videos
Queen scolded police for eating royal wedding nuts
French politicians are debating whether Paris now resembles the Bronx
Mandela memorial interpreter says he has schizophrenia
Teen Given Probation For Killing 4 People...because he's rich. Same teen molested an underage girl and paid off the police to avoid charges.
Pupils' Christmas 'ruined' by vicar's Santa Claus origins story
No Recruiting Business from Home
Police: Teens break into lavish mansion, party, leave with stuffed leopard
'Horniest student' to face disciplinary hearing by Exeter Uni
Dwight Howard ate 24 candy bars' worth of sugar a day while in Los Angeles
Plastic surgery made Korean woman so beautiful that surgeon proposed to her
Man Applies For UND Head Coach Job, Cites Playing Madden As Experience
Feds Paid a Teen to Get a Neck Tattoo of a Giant Squid Smoking a Joint
Drink driving teen who killed four is spared jail 'because he's rich': Judge lets 'spoiled' boy facing 20 years off with probation after lawyers blame his wealthy parents
Atlanta's Party Animals Are Crazy About A New Spa That Claims To Cure Hangovers With An IV Drip
Student makes fortune selling cans of fresh air
Queen "furious" at police officers eating her nuts
Arizona State Trooper Resigns After It Is Discovered She Is An Illegal Alien
Flirty Obama owes us an apology
Teen Avoids Prison Because He Is Wealthy
Kiss a same sex friend, take a photo, post it on Facebook: Gay for a day movement goes viral a day after SC ruling
A drunk driving teen who killed four people is NOT going to jail because he is rich.
Megyn Kelly Assures Everyone That Santa Is White Even Though Santa Does Not Exist
Santa Claus is not real, vicar claims to audience of primary school children
Joe Arpaio's New Inmate-Visitation Policy: $12.95 Per Visit
School drops sexual harassment claim against 6-year-old
Unemployed man stole so he could feed 120 cats (Xpost from r/Japan)
Judge Rules Rich Kid's Rich Kid-ness Makes Him Not Liable for Deadly Drunk Driving Accident
Macaulay Culkin is in a Pizza themed Velvet Underground cover band.
Police told to leave the queens nuts alone
Unemployed man stole so he could feed 120 cats
FDNY in hot water over New School bill addressed to 'unknown Asian'
Our DAD gave us matching boob jobs!
Feminist snow removal threatens Stockholm: Kindergarten and bus stops should be plowed BEFORE roads - otherwise "favored men" [Translated from Swedish]
Michigan women will now have to purchase 'rape insurance' to get an abortion
'Teen Mom 2' Star Jenelle Evans Admits She 'Was Trying To Have Sex' During Boyfriend's DUI Arrest
Man goes on selfie rampage with every celebrity ever (Ben Affleck, Lady Gaga and many more)
Chainsaw-wielding man in fishnet stockings chased Mr Whippy van down street
Robertson: Lesbian Friend Might Turn Your Kids Gay
Belfast Tesco manager 'grabbed by testicles'
Netflix's next original series has Will Arnett, Aaron Paul, Amy Sedaris, drunk cartoon horses
Canada Post fires carrier for being 'too nice' - Montreal.
Oklahoma Man Survives Icy Plunge By Wrapping Himself in a Guitar Case, Naked and Freezing
Deacon charged with lewd conduct, says Satan took over body
Police 'told to leave Queen's nuts" alone
Mandela Sign Language Interpreter Says He Had Schizophrenic Episode
Affluence as a defense? Texas teen Ethan Couch gets probation for killing four in drunk-driving crash
Car jacker carjacked while carjacking
Surrey carjacker carjacked in Whalley Wednesday night
Pelosi on budget deal: 'Embrace the suck'
Pelosi on deal: 'Embrace the suck'
Newport Beach Doctor performs matching boob job operations on his two daughters
Texas teen spared prison time in deadly drunk driving crash after offering wealth-based defense
'I had visions of angels': Sign language interpreter at Mandela memorial admits he may have suffered a schizophrenic episode
Teen hits Twitter after mowing down grandma
Macaulay Culkin Has a Pizza-Themed Velvet Underground Cover Band, The Pizza Underground
Arizona detective resigns after discovering she is illegal immigrant
Ethan Couch Sentenced To Probation In Crash That Killed 4 After Defense Argued He Had 'Affluenza'
Interpreter at Mandela Memorial Says He Saw 'Angels'
Barcelona sign first-ever sponsorship deal... to have logo INSIDE their shirts.
Queen Elizabeth scolded royal cops for eating her nuts
Brooklyn Now Has an Artisanal Gruel Shop
Fox News Host Megyn Kelly: Santa Claus Is White And So Was Jesus
Dr. Dre: A Psychic Told Me I Don't Have To Come Back If I Don't Want To
Would-be carjackers become carjacking victims
Carjacker gets carjacked in Surrey
Ted Cruz coloring book selling fast
Queen Elizabeth Peeved After Police Ate Her Nuts
Kanye West throws a fan out of his concert for asking him to take his mask off.
Empty plinth and blank piece of paper to feature in exhibition of invisible art
Modern art takes an unexpected twist: Empty sculpture stand and blank canvas are main attractions at 'invisible art' exhibition
Flamingo that escaped from Kansas zoo in 2005 is spotted gallivanting in Texas
The Queen marks the level in bowls of nuts left around Buckingham Palace as she was "irritated" by police officers eating them.
Mandela sign language interpreter claims to have hallucinated angels during the memorial service (x-post /r/cringe)
Fox News presenter tells viewers it is a 'fact' that both Jesus and Santa Claus are white
Carjacker gets carjacked moments after committing the crime
Home> International Interpreter at Mandela Event Was Hallucinating, Saw Angels
Arizona detective quits after learning she's been living in the U.S. illegally since childhood
Queen angry at police officers eating her Bombay mix, court hears
Computers Can Now Automatically Stereotype 'Hipsters' and 'Bikers'
Applicant for college coaching job cites Madden skills
Rob Ford thinks Mike Shanahan was right to bench RG3
French Student Sells Canned Fresh Country Air, Makes Big Profit
Hacking trial: Police 'told to leave Queen's nuts'
Wealthy Texas teen gets only probation after killing four while driving drunk
Teen Avoids Prison Because He's Wealthy; Claims to Suffer from "Affluenza"
A man stole a truck this morning because "he needed a ride to court for an unrelated stolen vehicle case."
Vladimir Putin claims Russia is moral compass of the world
Yahoo Says It Expects All Emails To Be Delivered By Tomorrow Afternoon Following Four Days Of Outages
Plastic surgeon Dr Michael Niccole turns daughters into walking billboards
Patient at British hospital finds clock on ward 'telling him to die'
Hindus join Satanists demanding equal placement on Oklahoma capitol grounds
James Bond is an 'impotent drunk'
American who went missing in Iran in 2007 was on rogue CIA mission
Fake signer at Mandela event 'schizophrenic'
Leisure Suit Larry creator quits after publisher sex scandal.
The Man Who Started A Comic Store. By Stealing From A Comic Store?
School drops sexual harassment claim against six-year-old who kissed girl
B.C. man forced to silence R&B singing inflatable Christmas tree after irritated neighbour complains to police
Man, 57, dies after being backed over by city of Abilene garbage truck
Will Colorado Have Enough Pot Stores to Meet Demand?
Collapse of the universe is closer than ever before
'Our DAD gave us matching boob jobs!' Sisters making the most of cosmetic surgeon father's skills (they've also had Botox, nose jobs AND a belly button tuck)
Grumpy cat going from meme to movie star.
Korean starlet says she's even more 'natural' after surgery
Oregon signs up just 44 people for Obamacare despite spending $300 million
Fox News' Megyn Kelly insists Santa Claus is white. Santa Claus -who is not real - "is what he is," says the Fox News host
Ethan Couch gets probation after 'affluenza' claim in fatal DUI
Man found in guitar case in eastern Oklahoma
Tupac Lane Welcomes You: The Street Names Of Las Vegas
Ted Cruz coloring book selling out fast
Teen avoids jail with affluence defense in deadly drunk-driving case
OMOH breaks up gay pride parades
Shy engineer turns superstud after Thailand trip
Russia is moral compass of the world -- Putin
Fox News Host Megyn Kelly Assures Children: Jesus and Santa Are Both White Men
Not only is Peppa Pig a feminist, she's probably a rabid socialist too
Ban on in-flight calling proposed because people talking is annoying
Germany to build own World Cup camp.
Are you an Unknown Asian? You might owe the FDNY $784
Assange might have spied on the parliament according to a mysterious document
Fla. Teacher Accused of Feeding Autistic Boy Hot-Sauce Laced Crayons Rehired
The 33 Most Jizz-Worthy Moments In Ryan Gosling's 33 Years On Earth
Teacher Lillian Gomez, Accused Of Force-Feeding Special Needs Student Hot Sauce Crayons, Rehired
Bacon rapped in scallop scandal in Fall River
Road Closed Due to Fire at Danville, Alabama Fire Station
Teen avoids prison for vehicular manslaughter because he was a victim of "affluenza" (i.e. wealth)
Armed robber nabbed after bright underpants recognised by police officer
Nelson Mandela fake interpreter 'faced murder charge'
Congressman wants to sue Obama for "imperial presidency"
The rich do not pay the most taxes, they pay ALL the taxes
Saws In Vaginas: Dangerous
Eugenio Freitas Caught Masturbating In The Meat Aisle Of UK Supermarket
Vagina 'Murder Plot': Brazilian Man Accuses Wife Of Poisoning Her Private Parts To Kill Him
German Man Flees Partner Who Demanded Way Too Much Sex.
FCC Takes Steps to Approve Cell Phones in Flight as Transportation Department Considers Banning Calls on Planes
Mike Tyson: 'My ex-girlfriend cooked and ate one of my beloved pigeons'
Naked Man Survives Frigid Night Inside Guitar Case In Oklahoma.
Store sells meat found in shoplifter's pants
Queen was furious at police for stealing wedding cashew nuts, court told
England No Longer Outlaws 'Incorrigible Rogues'
Man banned from every supermarket in Britain for masturbating in Sainsbury's meat aisle
Pay the legal bill for Toronto's crack smoking millionaire mayor
Manitoba's Top Quality Hog Carcass to Be Named
SC Rep. Tom Rice wants Congress to sue Obama for "imperial presidency"
PETA will give away fur coats to Detroit's homeless
Rich kid saved from jail time by arguing he suffers from "affluenza"
Rove Brags That He Knows A Woman With Tattoos Who Won't Be Voting Democrat (VIDEO)
No filter: One man's Instagram pics lead to 142 felony charges
Karl Rove: I Know A Woman With Tattoos Who Won't Be Voting Democrat
Doctors Find 40-Year-Old Fetus in Woman, 82
Naked man survives icy plunge by wrapping himself in guitar case
40-year-old fetus found in 82-year-old woman: report
The secret life inside the depraved family who live in the hills of a quiet country town
Shopper caught masturbating in Sainsbury's meat aisle banned from every supermarket in UK
TIME Regrets Naming Pope Francis 'Person Of The Year' After Beyoncé Drops Surprise Album
Woman gives neighbor the finger with Christmas lights
Queen irritated over missing nuts, court told
James Bond at risk of early death from alcohol, study says
'StarCraft 2' video game champ is pro athlete in the US
Thrilled Boston College students give Pope Francis a new skullcap, get his in return
Report: Meijer employee fired after putting out a fire on the job
Bruce Jenner wants to 'shave' away his Adam's apple
Eyeball jewelry: Woman has platinum heart surgically implanted in eye
Alcoholic bed-wetter with small penis cleared of murder charge
Wale threatens Complex Magazine over their "50 Best Albums of 2013" list
Teach your kids not to use ecstasy by making them take all of theirs at once...
Bond drinks far too much, study says--James Bond at risk of early death from alcohol study says
Google Removes Vital Privacy Feature From Android, Claiming Its Release Was Accidental
Boyfriend jumps to his death after girlfriend's five-hour shopping spree
Realhouse Wives star says she's not a racist because she's banged 'several' black dudes
Brandi Glanville says she's not a racist because she's banged several black dudes
Are Chinese shoving cigarette butts up nostrils to combat smog?
MBA student sent to jail for 7 years for raping live-in partner
Man Charged With 142 Felony Counts After Cop Sees His Instagram Page
Teen parents charged with forcing toddler to smoke marijuana
'Furious' Queen started marking snack-bowl levels after guards stole her 'nuts and nibbles,' court hears
RPD: Man steals truck to drive to court for other stolen vehicle case
Son robs mother after driving her to bank in Flint
'Affluenza' defense in criminal case criticized
Massive Uproar Over The Teenager Who Won A Drunk Driving Case By Arguing He Was Too Wealthy For Prison
Macaulay Culkin's pizza themed covers band gets death threats from rival pizza-based act
'I don't know any man who wants to just snuggle': Wisconsin officials target cuddle industry
Man who held 'Burn the Couch' sign cleared of wrongdoing, attorney says
How Puppies Are Propping Up the Private-Jet Market
'Affluenza': Is it real?
86-year-old 'Howard Stern' contest winner dies hours before prostitute sex 'prize'
Student injects 15 year old classmate with heroin
Man steals truck to make vehicle theft court date
Megyn Kelly: Both Jesus AND Santa Were White, So Stop Complaining
Environmentalists booked on terrorism charges because the glitter on their banner "was suspicious."
Emergency Departments Prepare for Spike in Masturbation Related Injuries Over the Silly Season
Sen. Dillard to flash mob criminals: "You cannot use social media to terrorize"
Claiming he stole her dentures, Scranton woman attacks father-in-law
OKC protestors slapped with terrorism charges
Donald Trump, birthers suggest death of Hawaii health official is no accident
B.C. Mountie injured as moose rams cruiser, stomps on roof, then returns to forest
Dupree Johnson Charged With 142 Felony Counts After Cop Sees His Instagram Page
Saskatchewan farmers fined for hunting coyotes with helicopter
Instagram Page Lands Man With 142 Felony Counts
AT&T Whines About Sharing Utility Poles With Google Fiber
Queen Elizabeth apparently doesn't like you stealing her nut bowls
Indiegogo campaign tries to crowdfund legal fees for Rob Ford
Father Christmas outlawed by Tajikistan TV
Lawyers Argue UPMC Merely a Figment of Pittsburgh Citizens' Imagination
6% of Americans Think Bitcoin Is an Xbox Game
91-Year-Old Actor CHRISTOPHER LEE Releases Heavy Metal Christmas Single
Chinese Students Fight Smog With Kung Fu Aerobics
Judge Says Drunk Teen Is Too Rich to Pay the Price for Killing Four People
Daily Kos: Another House Republican introduces another bill to sue the adminstration because reasons
Hindus propose building 'monkey god' statue on grounds of Oklahoma's state capitol
Baby bump: Heavily pregnant driver blames unborn child's kicking for crashing into elderly cyclist
'Santa' being hunted by police after fleeing scene of car crash
Humans are not smarter than animals - we just don't understand them
Firefighters mistakenly pump jet fuel on fire instead of water
Was North Korea's No. 2 Killed For Not Clapping Hard Enough?
Warren Buffett appears as Walter White from "Breaking Bad" on his Christmas card
Could the universe collapse TODAY? Physicists claim that risk is 'more likely than ever and may have already started'
British wine benefits as the climate changes
Kentucky Basketball Fan Calls for Less Academics at University
Kentucky fan thinks school needs to focus less on education, more on sports
Russia will buy snow from Israel for the olympics
Girls kidnapped by drug gangs and sold as sex slaves to cash in on the 2014 FIFA World Cup
Atheists smug as Hindus join Satanists to demand display at Oklahoma Statehouse
2013 Was Big Year for Naming Your Baby 'Cheese'
I just got left with a child that was excluded and had to sort it out myself
Obama Nominates Israeli Bankster as Federal Reserve Vice Chair
Pneumatic Tube System Delivers Burgers At 87MPH
Being an "incorrigible rogue" no longer illegal in England and Wales
Mormon Church Rules Blacks Not Inferior
Women's rights lobbyist 'pays nanny $3 a hour'
Iran Claims It Has Sent Another Monkey Into Space
Antarctic penguin takes a 'selfie' with a travel company's camera
If Hobbit actor Christopher Lee's festive rock anthem Jingle Hell doesn't make you feel festive nothing will
Christmas canceled in North Korea
Hindus Want Hanuman Statue On Oklahoma Capitol Steps After Satanists Seek Their Own Monument
Mormon Church Declares Dark Skin No Longer God's Curse
Would OUR monarch do this? King of Jordan helps family move car stuck in snow
Texas Legislature Bans Tampons But Allows Guns
Father Who Caught Son Taking Ecstasy Teaches Him Lesson By Making Him "Take Them All"
President of the Palestinian National Authority Blames Jews' Prayers for Rain for Halting Peace Talks
Japan Now Has 3 Flavors of Pet Bird-Flavored Ice Cream
S. African interpreter says he never murdered, raped anyone
Time Magazine regrets naming Pope Francis "Person of the Year" after Beyoncé drops surprise album.
Girl, 5, Collects Hundreds Of Dollars For Peace Selling Lemonade Outside Westboro Baptist Church
Naked and Afraid, A new show on The Discovery Channel
Judge Says Drunk Teen Is Too Rich to Pay the Price for Killing Four People - Yahoo News
Artificial leg prompts 'paedophile panic' at swimming pool and evacuation of children
Woman crashes in alleged 2nd OWI, keeps drinking as she reports it
Bitcoin Hoax Dupes Apple Users Into Destroying Their Macs
Lufthansa airlines convinced 42 Swedes to change their names
Jesus is a white man
Student suspended for a year for hugging teacher
Lakeview Man's 'Legendarily Awful' Fantasy Football Score Nearly Impossible
In Britain, Bird-Watching Gone Wild
Boy, 11, Arrested For Punching Grandmother In Face After She Refused To Buy Him Toy At Department Store
Rupert Murdoch, Single Again, Seems to Need Dating Advice
86-year-old chokes hours before collecting prize of first sex in a decade with Bunny Ranch prostitutes
Man fined $183,000 for helping Anonymous DDoS a site for one minute
Protester accused of sexual violence after world hails iconic photo of her kissing Italian riot officer
Miley Cyrus Supports Free The Nipple Campaign
What are the odds? Exeter man receives five identical birthday cards
Cinema showing The Hunger Games: Catching Fire caught fire
Nelson Mandela leaves South Africa in good shape
Jason Schwartzman banned from Charlie Sheen trip to Colombia
FDNY sends ambulance bill to 'Unknown Asian'
"Seinfeld" Writer Takes on Conservative Outrage Over Holiday Festivus Pole Protests
Texas Makes It Legal to Say 'Merry Christmas'
How One Airline Convinced 42 Swedes to Change Their Names - A Lufthansa marketing campaign has created the world's only population of Klaus-Heidis.
Former Gay Activist Marries Woman; Addresses Critics Who Condemn His New Heterosexual Lifestyle
CBS4 Exclusive: Wal-Mart Employee Arrested For Shooting Co-Worker's Car Over Award
New 'Impeach Obamarama' movement spreading across the nation
Average Penis Size by State, According to Condomania
3 out of 5 on 'all-Egyptian' constitution banner likely aren't Egyptian
Iran Hails Voyage of Fargam the Space Monkey
Mexican Congressman Strips Down to his Underwear to Protest Energy Bill
James Bond is an alcoholic, medical study says
National Liberty Federation Page Posts Bioshock Infinite Image: Misses Point
Japanese man stole $185,000 to feed 120 cats gourmet food
Homeopathy doctors go on hunger strike
Mormon church addresses past racism: Statement rejects previous teachings which banned black people from the lay clergy until 1978
Mike Tyson on Kierkegaard
Michelle Bachman: "God I'm a loser"
Cristiano Ronaldo opens museum to honour himself
Ronaldo opens museum to honour himself
Retired people flooding UK with shit art
Man emerges from bunker 14 years after Y2K scare
Police: Man carjacked elderly couple, took passenger to casino
N.C. Mother Says Hospital Security Discharged Her Dead Son For Being 'Unresponsive'
The "Affluenza" Psychologist's Frustrating Interview With Anderson Cooper
Baby seat with iPad holder stirs controversy
Teacher Fired for Feeding Crayons Soaked in Hot Sauce to Autistic Student Wins Her Job Back
Senate Prepares to Wrap Up a Year of Doing Very Little
Horse in stable condition after tree collapses, pins it to the ground
Women's rights lobbyist 'pays nanny $3 an hour'
Videogame Champ, Past His Prime At 28, Grooms Next Screen Jocks
(HP) - Movie Theater Plays Some Porn From 'Nymphomaniac' Instead Of 'Frozen'
Google acquires military robot maker
A roadside bomb killed three members of a Pakistani bomb disposal team who were on their way to defuse another bomb elsewhere in the city.
Tea Party Facebook Group Posts BioShock Image Satirizing Tea Party
Meet the REAL Walter White who cooked crystal meth just like Breaking Bad character
How the West was lost by the selfie president
Russian actor wants to put all gay people "in the oven"
Man Shoots Up Other Employee's Car After They Win Worker of The Month
In 2006, The FBI planted an informant in a South California mosque who pretended to be a radical muslim, and the muslims in the mosque reported him to the FBI
Fan sets car alight after revving for 20 minutes for Paul Walker
Cambodian cuts off penis to feed spirits
Tea Party Facebook group begins posting Bioshock Infinite propaganda
Growing Cannibal Social Network Boggles Authorities
Study Suggests 'Pothead' Stereotype Might Be Real
Elederly Man Wins Sex With Hookers, Chokes To Death Hours Before Prize
You can STILL be jailed for being a republican, government confirms, and it remains illegal to even 'imagine' overthrowing the Queen
Cristiano Ronaldo: Real Madrid man opens museum in his honor.
Emerging stream trend in South Korea. Watching people to eat online.
Machete attack over spilled soda
Teacher to student: You can't be Santa -- you're black!
Italian Girl 'Sexually Assaulted' Riot Cop With Kiss
'60 Minutes': NSA Good, Snowden Bad
Texas Teen Parents Allow 2-Year-Old Son To Smoke Pot
Queen 'Told Police To Stop Eating Palace Nuts'
Meet the real Walter White: This man sold meth to save his son's life
Severed hand kept alive on man's ankle
Rat stuck on an endless staircase is a pretty accurate metaphor for life
Dolphins defender nobody knows seals victory over the Patriots
Google acquires developer of military robots
Severed hand attached to man's ankle for a month: Doctors save Xiao Wei's hand after industrial accident
Walmart Selling $52 Posters of Occupy Wall Street Protests
Health: Yoga With Your Dog
Johnny Orris 86, Winner Of 'Get My Grandpa Laid' Howard Stern Contest, Dies Before Redeeming Prize
Drunk-driving teen who killed 4 too rich for jail
Chief Keef Guarantees 'Bang 3' Mixtape Will Raise Chicago Murder Rate
Mike Tyson Explores Kierkegaard
27-year-old woman marries 72-year-old man and has his baby
Cops on the lookout for good drivers.
Muslims in London Will Give 40 Lashes to All Retailers Who Continue to Sell Alcohol
Protester charged with sexual assault after kissing riot police officer
Oxfordshire pub fires chef, forgets he's in charge of Twitter account
Michigan's New 'Rape Insurance' Bill Means Women Will Have To Plan On Being Raped Beforehand Because America
Oakland Teen Declared Brain Dead Days After Routine Tonsil Surgery
To Learn About Obesity, Researchers Turn to Grizzly Bears
Grandpa who won romp with 2 hookers in 'Get Your Grandpa Laid' radio contest choked to death as he hurried his dinner on way to have threesome
Fake Signer at Mandela Event Accused in Mob Attack
NSA ruled "likely" unconstitutional
Snowden regularly wore an anti-NSA sweatshirt from EFF to work, co-workers just assumed it was meant ironically
Man, 86, chokes on steak before claiming sex prize
Howard Stern Show contest winner, 86, dies at Tahoe before claiming brothel visit prize
Facebook Is Keeping Track Of Every Post You Write and Don't Publish
Man emerges from bunker 14 years after Y2K scare | This is That with Pat Kelly and Peter Oldring
A swimming pool is evacuated after an artificial leg is mistaken for a paedophile
Journalist for China's state TV station says that smog makes you funnier and smarter
Marijuana Legalization: How Buying Pot Could Save Denver's Schools
Meth Addict Accidentally Burns Down World's Fifth-Oldest Tree
How do you get a bobcat out of your window blinds?
Man (33) Severely Beats Mother When He Spots A Christmas Tree Ornament For His Brother, But None For Himself
Mandela funeral interpreter charged with murder
How serious is the Republican food fight? (+video)
Bell Ringer Slugged for Saying 'Happy Holidays'
EPA Global Warming Expert (and Its Highest-Paid Employee) Avoided Doing Work for 13 Years by Pretending He Was in the CIA
You can't make this stuff up...
Why doesn't the classical music industry take injury seriously?
Female protestor who kissed riot policeman's helmet charged with sexual assault
Cristiano Ronaldo opens museum dedicated to Cristiano Ronaldo
Finance Executives Are Confused About Why the Nation Loathes Them
Gang robs mall with a hammer. Police ban sale of hammers in shopping malls.
Firefighters Accidentally Spray Fire With Jet Fuel Instead Of Water
McClaren to replace windshield wipers with a force field of sound waves
NSA phone surveillance program likely unconstitutional, federal judge rules
Millionaire tried to hack off his legs because he could not get them into his Jag
Street-Fighting Santas Brawl In New York After SantaCon 2013, Earn Spots On 'Naughty' List
A Salvation Army bell ringer is punched for saying "Happy Holidays" instead of "Merry Christmas".
Indian state moves to debunk black magic
Man's hand grafted to his foot for transplant
The survival time of chocolates on hospital wards: covert observational study [Medical Journal]
McLaren to replace windshield wipers with a force field of sound waves
Mandela Interpreter Says He Was In Group That Killed Two Men
NC state Sen. Bob Rucho likens Obamacare to Nazis
Tea Party Group Unironically Utilizes BioShock Infinite Propaganda
The Geekiest Game Ever Made Has Been Released In Germany
John C Beale lied about CIA job to avoid doing his job
Thousands of Germans get warning letters for watching copyrighted porn
Woman hits Salvation Army kettle bell ringer who said 'Happy Holidays' instead of 'Merry Christmas'
USC's "Row" Will Reopen January, "Drunk-Proof"
Watch this NY police officer threaten to ticket someone for washing a car in their own driveway
Ted Cruz 3rd 'most influential' world leader, behind pope, Obama
NSA phone surveillance is 'likely unconstitutional,' judge rules
The EPA's highest-paid employee and a leading expert on climate change [was] lying to his bosses and saying he was a CIA spy working in Pakistan so he could avoid doing his real job.
DWP staff told they will be sanctioned if they do not sanction benefit seekers
Japanese man steals $185K so he can feed his 120 cats gourmet meals
Prosthetic Leg Mistaken For Paedophile Sees Schoolchildren Evacuated From Kent Swimming Pool
Felicity Jones doesn't mean to keep bumming you out
Hitchhiking to be banned by the Romanian Government. (Google translated article)
How the Elf on the Shelf Ruined Our Christmas
Georgia student suspended for sexual harassment after hugging teacher
Children evacuated from swimming pool after prosthetic leg mistaken for paedophile
Woman gives birth to 10 stillborn babies in one night
Leaked! Harvard's Grading Rubric
Italian protester charged with sexual assault after kissing riot police officer
Finland's short-lived experiment using gingerbread cookies as currency
Drunk man shoots off his own penis with homemade firearm
Suspected burglar 'ran into sea'
No more hammers to be sold inside malls
Cat climbs Christmas tree, ruins everything
Women protest against forced marriage to deities
Nymphomaniac trailer accidentally shown to Florida children
Swimming Pool Evacuated After Prosthetic Leg Is Mistaken For Paedophile
Study: Your Cat Hates You
Teachers to give schoolboys lessons on how to chat-up girls
Couple spends month in jail after cop mistakes soap for cocaine
George Zimmerman, innocent murderer and accused domestic abuser, now selling paintings on eBay.
One Month In Jail For Soap Possession
Walter White gets 12 years for dealing meth
George Zimmerman's Painting Bids Reach 100k
George Zimmerman painting, who would pay $100k for that?
Nottingham teenager hit by eBay scam warns people not to fall for golden Xbox 'gimmick'
Grand Rapids bank robber: 'I am a great father when I am not using drugs'
Delta Airlines Apologizes for H8GAYS Confirmation Code
'The Anarchist Cookbook' Author Wants Book Banned
Taliban magazine urges jihad ... and profiles the Honda 125
Firefighters rescue man's penis from toaster
A Scottish Man's Car Caught Fire During A Tribute To Paul Walker
LGBT magazine picks Pope Francis as its Person of the Year
White House to tap Microsoft exec to fix HealthCare.gov
Man demands McDonald's job application at gunpoint
Woman to be disciplined by Exeter University after being named 'Britain's horniest student' by dating website
Florida KKK school name to change
Obama Wishes Washington Was Really Like 'House of Cards'
Armed McDonald's applicant gets jail, not job
Scientist claims to be CIA agent to skip work. Pulls it off for twelve years.
Issa To Texas Health Official: 'You Need To Watch More Fox News'
Predator and Reaper drones are misunderstood, says manufacturer
Shia LaBeouf May Have Plagiarized His Apology for Plagiarism
Kim Kardashian denies claims she waxed Nori's eyebrows... after fans speculate about her daughter's perfectly groomed arches
Sears Admits: People Only Come To Our Stores To Park
Football manager admits addiction to bird-feeding
George Zimmerman made a painting; bidding on EBay nears $100,000
Location of Syrian peace talks bumped for luxury watch fair
People who were pretty in high school make more money because life isn't fair
New iPhone Christmas Ad a Sad Commentary on Culture
Ku Klux Klan writes a letter to a Florida school to support naming the school after the first Grand Wizard of the KKK.
Detroit sports personality Mike Valenti injured by flaming steak
Does A High Fashion Revenge Kit Glamorize Violence?
Woman Sentenced to One Month in Jail for Soap Possession
North Dakota to Let Man in Same-Sex Marriage Wed Woman, Too
Obama Offered 'House of Cards' Role
Fake Sign Language Guy Burned Two Men to Death As Part of a 'Community Thing'
From House Oversight chairman Darrell Issa to a regional Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services administrator during testimony regarding federally paid navigators who are helping Texans access insurance coverage through the Affordable Care Act: "You need to watch more Fox, I'm afraid."
Doctors save man's severed Hand by grafting it to his Ankle
Obama's 2013 Hawaiian vacation -- what's wrong with Dollywood?
'Anarchist Cookbook' Author Wants It Banned In Wake Of Latest Murder
McLaren hints at using force field to replace windshield wipers
George Zimmerman is selling original paintings on Ebay for (currently) $100,000.
Whole Foods, Opening Tomorrow, Will Sell Vinyl Records
The VP known for going off script is getting attention for acting a little too jolly at his holiday party.
Student suspended and loses scholarship over a hug
Colin Farrell And Elizabeth Taylor Had A 'Romantic Relationship' Before She Passed, He Says
Pro-Life Carolers Ask, 'Would Planned Parenthood Have Aborted Jesus?'
TMZ apparently needs your help deciding what to call black people
Man Installing Satellite TV Shoots, Kills Wife
That's Not Funny: 15 Reasons Why Laughing Is Bad for You
Harvard student fakes bomb threats in order to get out of final exam
Late-night Virgin train passengers 'can't get off' at Nuneaton
Harvard student issues bomb threat the morning of an exam so that he doesn't have to take it
Ongoing 4-Year-Old Lawsuit Hinges on whether "i" is a Letter or a Number
Cockroach farming a booming business in China
Man Brandishes Sword, Demands Free Tacos: Austinist
Torrent Site Uploader Ordered to Pay $652,000 For Sharing One Movie
Claims of Virgin Births in the U.S. Near 1%
Study: Sorry, Your Cat Hates You
Shia LaBeouf plagiarizes Daniel Clowes comic for his film, responds with plagiarized apology
Atlanta high school student suspended for hugging teacher: TV
Joe Buck rated as top NFL announcer.
Claims of virgin births in U.S. near 1 percent
In 1984 moment, N. Korea deletes near entirety of news archives
Florida man tries trading live gator for beer
Florida School Board Votes To Remove KKK Name From High School
Alabama minister questioned in wife's death plans 3-year-mission trip to Germany
Texas Mother Superglues Son's Scrotum Back Together After Tearing It
In Texas, Search Warrants Can Now Be Based on a "Prediction of a Future Crime"
Man woken up by intruder licking his foot
Men's Rights Redditors flood Occidental College's online rape reporting form with false accusations
Repent now. Geographers map 7 deadly sins | The Sideshow
Extreme Marriage Experiment Suggests It's Better To Be Right Than Happy
A Hot Wife, a Better Life? New Survey Says YES!
The strange case of the man who took 40,000 ecstasy pills in nine years
Meth Distributor Walter White Is Sentenced To 12 Years In Federal Prison
Chris Christie MAY have closed the George Washington Bridge for a day to get back at the mayor of Fort Lee for not publicly endorsing Christie's re-election.
How an Instagram Account Landed a 19-Year-Old 142 Felony Counts
Cops: Man urinated in ice machine, punched officer in face
PAX To Increase Inclusivity Effort With "Roll For Diversity - Hub And Lounge"
Woman Found Superglued To Home Depot Toilet Seat In Alleged Prank
Woman walks off the pier because she was too busy checking facebook
Did someone order deep fried fish fingers? Chef draws crowds to street restaurant with ability to plunge his hand into a vat of 200C boiling oil.
Federal government has spent nearly $1 million on romance
Downton Abbey cast 'stink' due to no wash wardrobe policy
Tourist walks off Australia pier while checking Facebook
Family wants to keep life support for girl Brain Dead after Tonsil Surgery
Researchers: One in every 200 U.S. women experienced a 'virgin pregnancy'
This algorithm can tell if you're a hipster so the internet can sell you a plaid shirt
Were James Bond's drinks shaken because of alcohol induced tremor?
Bureaucrats send letter to Napoleon Bonaparte during census
Restaurant manager doesn't know why his semen was in schoolgirl's private parts
Justice Minister says homeless should sell property to pay court fines
Jennifer Lawrence: 'It should be illegal to call somebody fat on TV'
Got a Light? Olympic Torch Relay Seems Cursed to the Ends of the Earth
Tourist walks off pier while browsing on Facebook | World news
Mayor Rob Ford is not super at apologies
Tourist walks off pier while browsing on Facebook.
Man caught on CCTV trying to trade a live alligator for beer
Ian Watkins: Lostprophets singer describes his child sex abuse as 'megalolz'
Convicted paedophile Ian Watkins told fan: 'It was mega lolz'
Pussy Riot, Greenpeace activists granted amnesty as State Duma passes bill (SFW)
Rob Ford Has A Reggae Jam Sesh At Toronto City Hall
Not All Janitorial Software Is Created Equal
Siberia to separate from Russia to become a part of USA
Happy marriage study abandoned as husband becomes depressed
Miami: Alligator taken to shop for beer
Father and son plead guilty to animal abuse in dog assassination plot
Tourist walks off pier while browsing Facebook
Walter White gets 12 years in prison for dealing crystal meth
Claims of virgin births in U.S. near 1 per cent: study
Police send Christmas cards urging suspects to give themselves up
Harvard student accused of bomb threat to avoid exam faces 5 years in prison
NY State Senator Says Times Square Atheist Billboard is Religious Persecution Like the Kind That Led to the Holocaust
Creole-speaking hospital workers elicit warning from OQLF
Bell Ringer Assaulted For Saying 'Happy Holidays' Instead Of 'Merry Christmas'
Teacher put on leave after telling black student Santa is white.
440-pound virgin sends his girlfriend through a wall (and into the ER) the first time they have sex.
George Zimmerman, the Next Picasso?
USA: 1 in 200 are Virgin Births
Boehner rents D.C. apartment from tanning bed lobbyist
'Duck Dynasty' Star: A Vagina Is 'More Desirable Than A Man's Anus'
Man with gun demands McDonald's application
Washington Residents Smoke Way More Weed Than Officials Thought
Donut truck driver revived by trooper following diabetic coma
Donut truck driver revived by trooper after diabetic coma
5-Year-Old Suspended For Making Gun Gesture With Hand
Florida homeowner's group bans playing in street
Investigative journalism reaches a new "low" when a reporter freezes to death while getting an inside look at the lives of those who sleep rough
North Carolina mom files lawsuit after son is sent home from hospital dead in a taxi
Doomsday Guru Meets his Doom
Cheating Man Has To Pay Ex-Fiancee $50,000 For Not Marrying
Doctors perform emergency C-section, find no baby
CVT-equipped WRX triggers mass suicides
Breaking Bad: Real-Life Walter White Sentenced For Meth Dealing
Mayor Rob Ford dances to Bob Marley at Toronto council meeting
Colorado Town To Vote On Drone-Hunting Proposal
Recollection of the Olympic flame's mishaps across Russia (sorry no dashcam available)
Prescription ADHD Drugs Gives Kids Dangerous Erections
Tippi Hedren gets $1.5 Million after a gallon of water falls on her head
Force Field Could Replace Windshield Wipers
Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster OK'd for capitol display
Harvard Bomb Threat Was Faked By Student Who Wanted to Dodge Finals
Cop Shoots, Kills College Student for Speaking Disrespectfully
Cops: Man puts 911 dispatcher on hold to buy drugs
A Pile Of Wood Meets Its Destiny In Netflix's Hot New Trailer For 'Fireplace For Your Home'
Police: Cleveland Man Asked 911 Dispatcher to Hold While He Bought Cocaine
Two men attempt to torch 'Saturnalia' billboard in Pitman
Harvard student charged in bomb threat studies 'partisan taunting'
Dennis Rodman Returns to North Korea to Train National Basketball Team.
Prostitutes Selected For 'Get Grandpa Laid' Taking Contest Winner's Choking Death 'Very, Very Hard,' Says Surviving Grandson
USDA fines Harvard $24,000 for the deaths of monkeys at its research facility
Dictionary.com dubs 'privacy' their word of the year. But visiting their homepage sets 90 cookies.
1 in 200 pregnant women in America claim to be virgins
440 lb virgin sends lover to ER during his first time
House Science Chair Holds Hearing About Aliens One Day After Dismissing Actual EPA Science.
Zelda and Dynasty Warriors come together for "Hyrule Warriors" on Wii U in 2014
Brazil's U-17 Soccer Team Quits by Just Standing There in Match against U.S. | Extra Mustard
Michael Heller Allegedly Stole Truck To Be On Time For Vehicle Theft Court Date
Phil Robertson of Duck Dynasty: "It seems to me, a vagina - as a man - would be more desirable than a man's anus"
Redding man steals truck to get to court for stolen vehicle case
PETA blasts bear mauling victim
Rep. Jack Kingston Proposes That Poor Students Sweep Floors In Exchange For Lunch
Kingston: Low-income students should 'sweep the floor' for lunches
Man goes to work in area known as "Murder Mountain", found murdered.
Obama hijacks tech executive meeting, changes subject from NSA surveillance to healthcare.gov fixes
NYPD: Dad tossed soiled diapers at cops just before barricading himself inside Staten Island home
Pa. police pull people over for random DNA tests for feds
China: Here Are Some Great Things About Toxic Air
Overweight 440-Pound Virgin Man Sends Girlfriend To ER During First Time
Man Tried to Trade Live Alligator for Beer at Miami Store
Armed Robber Ignores Starbucks CEO's Memo Against Guns in His Stores
Tom Crist wins Canadian lottery, donates entire winnings to charity
Yang Hu Cuts Off Penis Then Forgets To Bring It To Hospital
Tourist walks off pier while checking Facebook on smartphone
George W. Bush is a hipster icon now and Vanity Fair is angry about it (xpost /r/offbeat)
Trooper revives doughnut driver suffering apparent diabetic coma
A 29 year-old woman was arrested after shoplifting naked at a Rockwood WalMart
No arrests made among unruly crowd in Knoxville Center awaiting new shoe release
North Dakota says man in same-sex marriage may wed woman too
Pope Francis encourages breast-feeding in public
Cruz Coloring Book Tops Amazon Best Seller List
For extreme gardeners, shotgun shells full of seed
Mother beats daughter with shoe after reading teen's Facebook posts
Your ADHD Meds Might Give You a Life-Threatening Erection
Christmas comes early: Justin Bieber announces he's 'retiring from music'
Now You Can Buy Your Occupy Wall Street Poster From Wal-Mart
Christmas comes early: Justin Bieber announces 'retirement'
Bieber's graffiti 'wonderful addition' to hotel
Woman rescued after sitting on boyfriends toilet for two years
Coach's rant goes viral as he compares team to wife, untrained puppies; says snipers must have been shooting his players
Obama Fixes Baucus Issue by Sending Him to China
Older women are sedentary most of the day, study shows
No More Woof reads dog brainwaves, translates to speech
Dutch prostitutes demand same pension perks as soccer players
I Love To Shop, But Do I Have A Shopping Problem?
Cambridge rail worker's health fears over excrement spray
State ends breast implant checks on police
Man Flashes Gun at McDonalds, Demands Job Application
BBC interviews random man on the street who turns out to be the Fonz
Stick it to the 1% with this Occupy Wall Street poster from Walmart
Jesus loving Duck Dynasty fans unable to read articles concerning Phil Robertson's War on Gays.
I make 6 figures, but I'm in financial trouble
Putin says he envies Obama because he can spy on his citizens and get away with it
Screaming Noel Talked Down from Christmas Tree
I make six figures, but I'm in financial trouble
Man taking driver's license test in Randolph charged with DWI
Figurines of Pooping World Leaders in Nativity Scenes
Photographer Has Blower Confiscated by TSA Because it 'Could Fly Like a Missile'
Tourist distracted by Facebook falls off pier.
Man Dressed As Gandalf Stands In Front of Train, Stops It from Passing
Republican Rep: Make Poor Kids Who Get Lunch Subsidies Sweep The Cafeteria Floor
Rep. Jack Kingston wants poor kids to work for school lunch
Rep. Jack Kingston suggests kids 'sweep the floor in the cafeteria' for school lunch
Man Arrested For Using Alligator To Purchase Beer
Lesbian boss 'fired me for being straight'
South Boston man allegedly assaults neighbor over parking spot
42-stone pig 'bigger than a bear' tramples pensioner
Actor Morgan Freeman mistaken for Mandela in billboard gaffe in Coimbatore,India
Massive Snowman Bouncy House Has a Giant Vagina for an Entrance
Bank of America: Sorry About The Foreclosure. Here, Have An Applebee's Gift Card On Us. « Dealbreaker: Wall Street Insider - Financial News, Headlines, Commentary and Analysis (x-post /r/news)
Bank of America: Sorry About The Foreclosure. Here, Have An Applebee's Gift Card On Us. (x-post /r/news)
Bank of America: Sorry About The Foreclosure. Here, Have An Applebee's Gift Card On Us.
PETA Reprimands Teen Hunter After She's Attacked by a Bear
Poll: 42% Of Republicans Think Santa Is 'Verifiably White
'Missy' Becomes The First Sex Doll To Be Launched into Space
Miley Cyrus on why she sticks her tongue out in every photo - "I get embarrassed. I just don't know how to - I don't know how to smile, and just be awkward"
Two researchers send a text message using vodka
Musicians getting YouTube Copyright Claims on their own music.
Stonehenge Renovations Prompt Druid Protest (PHOTOS)
When Kids in Third World Countries read First World Problems they suddenly don't feel like problems
Governor of Louisiana speaks out about Duck Dynasty star.
Bill Gates Sends Secret Santa Gift to Reddit User
Morgan Freeman Mistaken For Nelson Mandela On Public Sign In India
TIL: The school board director of Detroit...is functionally illiterate.
Rwanda: Clean Those Underarms
Doctors Perform Cesarean On Woman Who Wasn't Pregnant
A+E Shocked To Learn Bible Thumping 'Duck Dynasty' Star Talks Like Bible Thumper
Non-Christians 'aren't actually offended' by holiday traditions says host of party for Christmas rookies
Cops nab pedophile after tip-off from burglar
High-Level George W. Bush Lawyer Allegedly Disliked Gay Workers So Much He Tried To Ship Them To Detroit
Putin: "I envy Obama, because he can spy and get away with it"
Hansen brothers brew MmmHops beer
Putin on Obama: 'I envy him because he can do something like this and get away with it'
Perpetually tan John Boehner rents his Washington, D.C. apartment from lobbyist for tanning industry
Motorway masturbator caught driving nude while sexting on M56
American Gun Deaths to Exceed Traffic Fatalities by 2015
Accused bank robber identified by Instagram photo of himself with cash
Sheriff's deputy who mowed the lawn 'in his underwear' has lawsuit dismissed
New York taxi drivers strike sexy poses for pinup calendar
Vote for me, so I can kill you!
Israeli mother fined for refusing to circumcise son
Serial killer fails to return to Genoa prison
Blind man in subway fall caught in bizarre love triangle
Dogecoin Briefly Becomes Most Valuable Cryptocurrency: 5 Fast Facts
Al Goldstein Dies at 77; Made Pornography Dirtier
Male figure skater comes out as 'gay'
Actor Morgan Freeman mistaken for Nelson Mandela on Indian billboard
MARTA installs urine detection systems in elevator
Gay ducks derail repopulation plan
Perth woman sues deli owner after drinking sperm from bottled water
Supreme Court Justice Scalia says Duck Dynasty situation 'unconstitutional' (but can't comment on the NSA)
Marriage study abandoned as husband becomes depressed from having to agree with wife
Pregnant Olivia Wilde offered whiskey, roller coaster rides
Two Environmentalists Were Charged with 'Terrorism Hoax' for Too Much Glitter on Their Banner
Brian Boitano announces he is gay
Lawyer for Santa Accused of Public Handjob Demands Article Be Yanked
Billboard Honoring Nelson Mandela Honors Morgan Freeman Instead
New Hampshire man strikes woman with sword
Danish priest HANGS 'elf' from gallows outside his church, saying they must not be associated with Christmas as they serve Satan
Bill Gates gives secret Santa present on Reddit
Science Says: Cocktails Could Protect You From Getting Sick
I wrote the Anarchist Cookbook in 1969. Now I see its premise as flawed
Only 3 students scored college-ready in Camden
440-Pound Virgin, Sent Girlfriend To ER During First Sex Romp
Putin: In 2008 War, Georgians Wanted Us To Win
Mens Figure Skater, Brian Boitano, is gay.
China declares Lunar Defence Obliteration Zone
Companies try new measures to keep staff from fleeing
Mandela Memorial billboard in southern India uses Morgan Freeman's likeness instead.
Don't tell Bob and Doug: 'Eh' on the decline as young, urban Canadians adopt new expressions
Actor Morgan Freeman mistaken for Mandela in Indian billboard blunder
Yemeni dad demands one million FaceBook likes as dowry for his daughter
HANDCUFFED MAN PROPOSED WHILE BEING ARRESTED
200 cars stolen in Germany 'now owned by Tajik elite'
Yemeni father demands one million Facebook likes as dowry for his daughter
Yemeni dad demands 1 mln Facebook likes as dowry for his daughter
Judge Softens Utah's Anti-Polygamy Law To Mixed Reactions
LGUs Urged: Ban Hammers Inside Malls
Did Kim Kardashian Wax Her Baby's Eyebrows?
Job Listing: '$40K a Year to Attend Harvard University as Me'
Michigan town is a little too excited about opening of new Taco Bell
Former CIA chief: Snowden should be "hanged by the neck until dead"
Jew Bashing Tila Tequila Finds Herself Banned From Facebook
Flight Delayed Two Hours for Pilot's Sandwich Delivery
DARPA Tried to Build Skynet in the 1980s
Sorry Pope Francis, 2013 Was the Year of Quinoa
MCA man vows to use music to lure Chinese back to BN | Malaysia
'Gravity' director: Bullock should have been in adult diapers
Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins reportedly dismisses child abuse as 'mega lolz'
North Korea Sent a Threat to Attack South Korea Via Fax
Jindal speaks out on Duck Dynasty star's 'hiatus'
Dallas Police Ordering 'Urban Tanks' Designed to Resist Mine Explosions... What Are They Expecting?
American general dismissed from service for drunkenness during job trip to Russia
French pub fined because customers took empty glasses back to the bar
New York City Extends Smoking Ban To E-Cigarettes
North Korea sends a fax to South Korea threatening to attack "mercilessly" and "without notice"
Half-baked burglar plunders family's pavlova
Enormous Hermit Crab Tears Through Coconuts, Eats Kittens
North Korea sends fax threatening to strike South Korea 'without notice'
Why Apple's Suburban Spaceship Could Lose the War for Tech Talent
Christmas card warns London council tenants 'pay your rent'
Three Germans die after drinking heavily and passing out in sauna
Jayden Parkinson Murder Detectives Find Body In A Grave In Didcot, Oxfordshire
Florida man tries to trade alligator for 12-pack of beer
North Korea makes 'merciless' threat - via fax
Drug Warriors Kidnap and Sexually Assault a Woman After Getting Permission From a Dog
Putin: I Envy Obama In Light Of NSA Revelations 'Because He Can Get Away With It'
Angels have no wings, says Catholic 'angelologist'
Mandela Tribute Billboard Uses Picture of Morgan Freeman, not Late Leader
Nuclear Warfare of Stupidity - Time to Obliterate the Universe Before Someone Else Gets the Chance...!
Rodman holds tryouts for Pyongyang exhibition game
Keeping up with the times - North Korea faxes threat of attack to South Korea
New BlackBerry CEO optimistic despite loss
NC mom claims hospital guards sent dead son home in taxi (X-Post Bad Cop No Doughnut)
Emergency C-section reveals -- no baby
Slice of revenge: Dominos in India ransacked amid diplomat spat with US
Man wants to give someone his kidney for Christmas
Mom claims hospital guards sent dead son home in taxi
Republican says poor children should be required to work for food
Rob Ford giving wife cash for Christmas because 'women love money'
Urban Outfitters May Have Gone Too Far With a Denim Tutu
Florida rejects group's bid to install Satanic display
Massachusetts State Police Bust 'Obama Care' Heroin
Report: U.S. Air Force general drank too much, fraternized with foreign women in Moscow
GOP Congressional Candidate: Duck Dynasty Star Is 'Rosa Parks Of Our Generation'
Lions to be released to handle deer problems in the hamptons
Ian Bayne, GOP Congressional Candidate: 'Duck Dynasty Star Is Rosa Parks Of Our Generation'
Putin defends, even envies, NSA surveillance
Duck Dynasty Star is Rosa Parks of Our Generation
Breaking Fad: Alligators becoming the new pit bulls for drug dealers, cops say
Report: Ex-Utah AG Destroyed Documents After Krispy Kreme Meeting
It's Okay, We All Look Alike: Morgan Freeman Mistakenly Placed on Nelson Mandela Tribute Billboard.
Morgan Freeman's Image Mistakenly Placed on Nelson Mandela Tribute Billboard
Man steals truck in order to make it to court for vehicle theft case.
North Korea Threatens South Korea...By Fax
Romulus, MI celebrates grand opening of Taco Bell
World Pie Eating Championships goes topless
Amazing details from the drunken Moscow bender that got an Air Force general fired
Unplanned visit from Santa alarms teachers, summons police to Hollis elementary school
Drunk Serbian man kills hammer-head shark with his butt
What the DUCK? Creator of Duck Dynasty Starred in Gay Adult Film
Urine detection system installed in Atlanta transit station elevator
Geraldo Rivera defends 'Duck Dynasty' star, Alec Baldwin: 'C---sucking f----t' is not a homophobic slur!
'Duck Dynasty' creator Scott Gurney starred in indie 'gay porn' film
North Korea's Weapon of Choice: The Fax Machine
Eagles cheerleader joins Army, delivers baby in Afghanistan
Two drivers called to pick up drunken driving suspect in Readington are also charged with DUI
DPRK threatens to attack S. Korea without warning
Out of prison for just a month, woman arrested for her 397th time
Ku Klux Klan group says membership is no longer based on skin color
Runaway Horse Named Forrest Gump Takes Morning Sprint Down Wells Street In Chicago
Girls think they are cleverer than boys from age four, study finds
Indian protesters attack Dominos Pizza store over diplomatic row with US
Florida Capitol approves Pastafarian Flying Spaghetti Monster among holiday displays
Man Falls Onto Subway Tracks After Slipping On Banana Peel
Craigslist Ad: 'Get Paid $40,000 To Attend Harvard For Me'
Cricket holy war on as Anglicans accept Vatican challenge
Neighbors say Nevada gunman had botched vasectomy
Scientists send text message through evaporated vodka
White House Denies President Obama Travelled To Mars Via Teleport At Age 19
Father demands 1 million Facebook 'likes' as dowry.
Klan leader: We're not a hate group
Found heroin labeled 'Obamacare'
Yemeni dad demands 1 million Facebook likes as dowry for his daughter
Flight delayed hours for pilot's sandwich delivery
9/11 Families 'Ecstatic' They Can Finally Sue Saudi Arabia
A new brand of heroin has turned up in Massachusetts. It's called "Obamacare."
School bans Christmas trees, the colors red & green
2-hour shutdown at MSP's Terminal 2; no, a propane tank is not a carry-on
Obama: 'Duck Dynasty' over Kimye
Report: U.S. nuclear general drank too much, misbehaved in Russia
Bill Belichick Revises Patriots' Practice Schedule to Take Team to Movie
Lady gets arrested for DUI. Friend drives drunk to pick her up, gets DUI. Friend drives drunk to pick them up, gets DUI (x-post r/JusticePorn)
St Andrews student threatened to "slay" woman with sword
France decides 'textopornographie' is French for 'sexting'
Apparently Noah's Ark has been found. Pretty wild if all of this is true.
European Mayor Uses Tank to Crush Car Blocking Bike Lane
Woman traveling to Africa to procide aid tweets "I hope I don't get Aids" and much worse
Miley Cyrus wants to get breast implants: Why this is a bad idea
PIA Captain Noushad: Pilot delays Pakistan-New York flight by 2.5hrs for a sandwich delivery
Selena Cancels Tour To 'Spend Time On Myself'
SEC toughens up on Mississippi State's cowbell use
For sale: 'Slightly' haunted house in Dunmore
PR Exec Tweets, 'Going to Africa. Hope I Don't Get AIDS. Just Kidding. I'm White!'
Sweden's Christmas goat torched yet again
Crime-Plagued French City Asks For Help From Batman
Mississippi State fined $25,000 for too much cowbell
AIDS, Rape, Polygamy & Corruption: The Life of a President
Burglar finds child sex abuse on tapes he took, so he points out suspect, police say
Candidate for Congress compares 'Duck Dynasty' star to Rosa Parks
Fox News: Every Significant Historical Figure Has Been White
Vandals torch Sweden's giant Christmas goat for the 27th time
Spain nabs suspected paedophile after tip-off from thief
93-year-old Florida mayor prepares run for 20th term in office
Westboro Baptist Church to picket A&E in support of 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson
Chinese Government Recommends 'Idiot-Proof' Cellphones for Peasants
Clowns Without Borders Go Into War Zones Armed Only with a Smile
Clowns Without Borders visit Syria refugees
FBI Successfully Foils Another FBI Plot
Czech environment ministry spends end-of-year budget on 'beaver' knickers and pencils to "encourage people to take a more active role in environmental protection".
Czech environment ministry blows budget on 'beaver' knickers and 6,000 pencils
French pub fined €9,000 after customers returned empties to bar - because it's 'undeclared labour'
Fox Guest Likens Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson To Martin Luther King, Jr.
As Gay Wedding Frenzy Hits Utah, State Seeks Emergency Stay of Ruling
GOP Congressional Candidate calls Duck Dynasty Star "the Rosa Parks of our generation"
$600,000 damages for barista injured by years of steaming milk
This Year in Weird
Woman Tortured as Kidnappers Demand a PSP for Her Release
Staten Island man slips on banana peel and falls onto subway tracks
Uganda Passes Law Punishing Homosexuality With Life in Prison
"Traveling wheel" frightens Downtown El Paso, Texas
Boy fires imaginary bow and arrow, gets suspended
you ought to watch this univera reviews video
Company makes EEG's so you can know your dogs thoughts.
Charlie Sheen unloads on 'Duck Dynasty' star's comments on homosexuality
School removes 'Christ the Savior' from 'Silent Night'
1,250 bags of heroin labeled 'Obama Care' discovered.
The Michelangelo of 3D nipple tattoos
North Korea Threatens To Strike South 'Without Notice'
Right-Wing Group Seeks Help Rewriting the Bible Because It's Not Conservative Enough
NSA Intercepted Children's Letters To Santa
Two indicted for holding woman ransom for a PlayStation
Burning chilli sparks terror fear
Did Lady Gaga Buy Her Boyfriend A Full-Size Japanese Sex Doll?
Bags of heroin labeled 'Obama Care' seized
Sex, drugs and beards: an afternoon in a Pakistani porn cinema
1 in 200 Women Say They've Had A Virgin Pregnancy
A quarter of head and neck surgeons think Obamacare has death panels
How Hipsters Ruined Paris
WA firefighters pump jet fuel on fire instead of water
Al-Qaeda in Yemen 'sorry' for hospital attack
Brazil: Few women attend Rio topless ban protest
'I thought I'd killed her': Obese virgin hospitalised his girlfriend when they had sex for the first time
General in Charge of U.S. Nukes Fired for Drunken Escapades in Russia
Family Of Innocent U.S. Drone Victims Compensated With 101 Kalashnikovs
Small Town In Alabama Mistakenly Invites A Dance Troupe Comprised Entirely Of Black Drag-Queens To Perform At Their Christmas Parade (video in comments).
Muslim Marks And Spencer Staff Told They Can Refuse To Serve Alcohol And Pork Products
Muslim staff at Marks & Spencer can refuse to sell alcohol and pork
Al-Qaeda apologizes for attacking Yemeni hospital
TIL A woman was "tricked into sex" by a man who claimed she needed a vaginal medication he could administer with a special ointment on the end of his penis. The sessions went on for nine months. (X-post TIL)
A woman was "tricked into sex" by a man who claimed she needed a vaginal medication he could administer with a special ointment on the end of his penis. The sessions went on for nine months
Meet the Doctor Who Prescribes Vibrators to Cancer Patients
Artists design iconic architecture using only gingerbread and candy
Swedish Christmas goat engulfed in flames
Scientists Send Text Message Using Vodka
Pope Francis Condemns Racism And Declares That "All Religions Are True" At Historic Third Vatican Council
North and South Korea exchange faxes threatening to attack each other
NSA Panel Member Recommends Increased Data Collection
Fur shop owner thanks Pamela Anderson for business boom
Anti-ageing compound set for human trials after turning clock back for mice
Elf lobby blocks Iceland road project, Supreme court to rule on case brought by Friends of Lava, who cite environmental impact of highway and effect on elf culture
Supposed Victim of Clown Serial Killer Found Alive
Has Pope Francis declared war on the Vatican?
Think clowns are creepy? This one's fantasy home will change your mind.
Woman Calls 911 To Report "Drunk People Inside Bar"
Woman Repeatedly Calls 911 To Report "Drunk People Inside Bar"
GOP candidate says Duck Dynasty star is a hero like Rosa Parks
Small Alabama town accidentally hires black drag queens to dance in Christmas parade
Swedish Christmas Goat Engulfed in Flames - Again
Anatomy of an 'honour' killing: Why a Palestinian community demanded a father murder his divorced daughter
African-American man pulls gun to get McDonald's job
Favelas in Rio Are New Lodging Hot Spots
Hank Johnson Worries Guam Could "Capsize" After Marine Buildup
German health official suggests beer as an alternative to psychotherapy
George Zimmerman retrieves his five guns confiscated last month by police
Italian army reservist to be prosecuted for saving cat's life in Kosovo [x-post /r/news]
Al Qaeda: We're sorry about Yemen hospital attack
Italian army reservist to be prosecuted for saving cat's life in Kosovo
All-male dance group stirs controversy in Semmes, Alabama Christmas parade (photos, video)
Justine Sacco's Tweet About AIDS, Africa: "Going to Africa, hope I don't get aids! Jk I'm white!"
Sweden warms to 'gender equal' snow ploughing
Dogecoins and Its IBM Developer Ride Meme to $130M+ Fortune
Raul Castro Issues Stern Warning To Entrepreneurs
Iceland's hidden elves delay road projects
Illinois GOP congressional candidate Ian Bayne: 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson is the Rosa Parks of our generation'
DEA agent quits to work in marijuana industry
'Big Booty Bandit' FBI searches for Robbery Suspect with "Large Buttocks"
Oregon: Portland DEA Agent Leaves Job To Enter Washington Marijuana Industry
Man Arrested After Catching Himself on Fire with Stolen Gasoline.
Elf lobby blocks Iceland road project
Save as much as $525
'Ghostbuster' conducts exorcism of a woman with his penis
Girl, rejected by boy she never met takes revenge
Poor kids should sweep floors for school lunches, says GOP Rep.
Police Office Bans Caps for Mall-Goers
Presumed Victim Of John Wayne Gacy Found Living In Montana
Wash and go for a weed-free Christmas holiday
Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer really did have a very shiny nose
Wearing of caps banned in Philippine malls to fight crime
American wins right to sue Austrian OBB train company in the US
Rich People Talk About How Happy Money Makes Them - What They Say Will Both Offend And Reassure You
Topless protest on Rio de Janeiro's Ipanema beach unsurprisingly attracts hundreds of men but less than a dozen women
Two drunken drivers charged after they tried to pick up third from police station, police say
Rand Paul airs grievances for Festivus
Pilot intentionally crashes plane while Co-pilot was on the loo
Atheist Threatens To Sue Town For Putting Up Nativity Scene, But Not Festivus Pole
Road project in Iceland delayed to protect hidden elves
Surprise! Alabama Town Accidentally Invites Black Drag Queens to Perform in Christmas Parade
Duck Dynasty: Louisiana Will Help Family Continue Show if A&E Doesn't, Lt Governor Says
Only in North Carolina...
Police: Man lit himself, car on fire while stealing gasoline - KPTV
Truck carrying 20 tons of fries crashes on I-5 near LA
"He tried to climb over the fence. Although the back gate was open and he could have just walked through it." (xpost r/unitedkingdom)
Florida man uses BMW to advertise for a wife
eBay removes anti-Zimmerman artwork the same day Zimmerman's painting sells for $100k
FBI agent tries to copyright super-secret torture manual, inadvertently makes it public
Nigerian police hold 'magic' goat over attempted car theft
Las Cruces couple admits to leaving developmentally delayed child in cage
US dollar will collapse in 2013
DEA agent leaves job for Seattle marijuana investment firm
The US now watches the majority of its online porn on mobile phones
'Obamacare' Heroin Is Apparently A Thing Now (PHOTO)
Mass. Police Find Heroin Stamped with 'OBAMACARE'
Congress Does Little Of Consequence, Except Argue
Couple who would abort their defective child win $50M in 'wrongful birth' case
Belief in Elves Causing Road Upgrade Delays in Iceland
Man, shot in head, notices five years later
'Fox News Latino' Kills George Zimmerman
Iceland's elves blamed for road project delays
Mr. Grinch charged with theft after arrest in Clarksville
Bloomberg anchor gets Bitcoin on live TV and is promptly robbed by a viewer
Kim Jong-un 'very drunk' when he ordered execution of uncle's two aides
Scottish flag is labelled a health and safety risk at Renfrewshire Council
Seattle girl escapes serious injury when glasses deflect bullet
China will require its 250,000 journalists to pass a 'Marxism test'
Listen to Sir Mix-A-Lot's holiday song for the Washington State Lottery
American gets 1-year prison sentence for parody video
Jersey woman gets DUI, calls friend for ride. Friend gets DUI, calls friend for ride. Friend gets DUI...
California judge appoints doctor to determine if girl is dead
McDonald's Advises Its Employees To Stay Away From Fast Food
Cracker Barrel: We Screwed Up Big Time
GOPers Ruin Beloved Internet Meme
Wisconsin uses leftover cheese to cover its roads during storms
Chinese Wal-Mart allegedly tries to pass off fox flesh as donkey meat
Baby Dragon Discovered in Indonesia
Secret method for Construction of Indestructible Ginger Bread House revealed
Burglar reports suspected pedofile.
Zuma's Nkandla defense: No, no, that's not a swimming pool. It's a fire pool! For security!
Rooster Testicles Confiscated At Wellington Airport.
Al-Quaeda apologizes for killing people
Iceland halts road scheme because it might have disturb the elves.
Opponents say new Icelandic road would disturb elves.
N. Korea's leader 'very drunk' when ordering purge of uncle's aides - report
Report: Kim Jong-Un Executed His Uncle's Allies With Antiaircraft Guns Over A Business Dispute
People in Iceland strike against road construction as it might harm elves
This donkey meat is actually fox meat, claims irate Chinese Wal-Mart customer
Woman stabs Boyfriend after he Farts in her Face during an Argument
Lululemon: We Didn't Intend To Sell See-Through Pants
Prisoner chops off his penis in protest at not being freed
North Korea's Kim Jong-Un was 'very drunk' when he ordered deaths of two aides
Kim Jong-un: North Korean leader 'was very drunk' when ordering executions
Particle Physics Confirms Existence of the Moon
US military to be used to 'track Santa Claus'
North Korea's Kim Jong-un 'was very drunk' when ordering executions
Guy In Ohio Arrested For Having Empty Compartment In His Car
North Korea's Kim Jong Un reportedly 'very drunk' when ordering executions
Special African-American Santa Holds Court At Macy's
Queen Elizabeth Hospital surgeon suspended over 'branding' claim
Topless Jihadis: Inside the World's Most Radical Feminist Movement - Jeffrey Tayler
Pulaski man threw skunk into a river before kicking woman's sunglasses off a bridge
Detroit Lions mistakenly ship playoff tickets to fans
Susan Rice: NSA Officials Didn't Lie, They 'Inadvertently Made False Representations'
The FBI considered "It's a Wonderful Life" to be Communist propaganda
Unwise Man In Frankincense, Myrrh, Pot Bust
Surgeon suspended over claims he branded a patient's liver
Missing wallet found in back pocket
U.S. Department of Agriculture allows Santa's reindeer to enter the country
Surgeon 'Burned Initials On Patient's Liver'
Facebook User Glued To Phone Walks Off Pier
Power out, car damaged by falling limb 'part of living here'
Buddha statues survive typhoon, but hang their heads in sadness
Hog-tied man dressed as santa found dead outside Russian home
Sister jailed for flinging peanut butter in argument over dog
President Obama golfs, greets spectators and yells to a polar bear
Surgeon suspended over claim initials were branded on patient's liver
I Was Here: Doctor Suspended After Branding Initials On Patient's Liver
Bill Gates Funds Pee Smartphone Battery
Judge sentences man to write 'boys do not hit girls' 5,000 times
Judge orders man convicted of punching his girlfriend to write 'Boys do not hit girls' 5,000 times
Macy's has a black Santa, by special request
It's the dream: Bill Gates chucks cash at WEE-IN-YOUR-PHONE project
'Somebody just shot me!' Santa screams handing out gifts to needy children
Edward Snowden to broadcast Channel 4's alternative Christmas Day message
Bloomberg anchor displays bitcoin on TV, immediately gets robbed by viewer
Pancho Claus: A Tex-Mex Santa from the South Pole
Bloomberg Host Gifted Bitcoin On Air And Immediately Has It Stolen
Deltona woman arrested for throwing peanut butter at brother
'Walking Dead' actress pleads guilty in plot to poison Obama
Historian Says Bugs Bunny Might be Jewish
Tiger Fatally Mauls Mate at San Diego Zoo
Santa's helper shot on toy giveaway in Washington
Boston's Outgoing Mayor Spent 20 Years Putting His Name on Everything
Santa shot in D.C.; Grinch takes over gift-giving
MONSTER PORN: Amazon's Crackdown On America's Latest Sex Fantasy
Experts say dolphins' whistling isn't really language, and they may be no smarter than chickens or even worms.
Alabama Town Accidentally Hires Black Drag Queen Group to March in Christmas Parade
George R.R. Martin to host free screenings of every Game Of Thrones episode instead of working on next book
Retired pastor blames 'high sex drive' after bust in Wyoming gay sex sting
Man Sues A&E, GLAAD, Obama Over Duck Dynasty Star Suspension
Enigma codebreaker Alan Turing receives royal pardon
TV anchors' bitcoin gift certificates stolen while on air
McDonald's Tells Workers To Avoid Fast Food
Parents Of Boy With Tumour Want Wi-fi Out of School
Judge Rules That NSA Can Only Spy On Phone Records Of 6.7 Billion Non-Americans
Outraged Indonesian official orders runway blocked after Merpati Nusantara airlines refuses to give him a seat
Man booked for shooting neighbour's rooster for flirting with his pet hen in Bhopal
Congress Has Finally Discovered 'Doge,' And It's Going About As Badly As You Would Expect
British Surgeon suspended for branding his initials on a patients liver.
Icelanders protest highway construction to protect the environment and nearby elves
As New Services Track Habits, the E-Books Are Reading You
10 Truly bizzare Victorian Deaths-BBC News
Justin Bieber Announces That He Is Officially Retiring
1 in 200 mothers reports a "virgin birth", study finds.
Santa Clause giving out presents on Christmas Eve shot in Southeast Washington, DC
York church to keep £100,000 bin bag cash
Santa Claus Robs Bank
Oregon man on meth fights off cops while masturbating in bar: police
J.J. Watt's Mom Convinces Him to have Plastic Surgery to Repair Nose Injury. (x/post from r/nfl)
Nude woman in evening rush slowed down the Tampere railway station
McDonald's warns its employees against eating 'unhealthy' fast food
What Exactly Is Hipster Christianity?
Alabama Town Is Outraged After Accidentally Hiring Gay Cheerleading Squad For Their Christmas Parade
Santa Claus Shot in DC on live television
Judge Orders Man to Write 'Boys Do Not Hit Girls'
McDonald's on employee resources site: Not lovin' it
Gay African American dance team marches in Christmas parade wearing revealing Santa Claus outfits
TECO: Squirrel caused David L. Tippin Water Treatment Facility power outage
Texans Star J.J. Watt Likely to Get Plastic Surgery to Fix Nose at Mom's Urging
UK Porn Filter Blocks Website of Politician Who Campaigned for the Bill
Daily Mail site is blocked by parental control filter they want everyone to have
Reserve Bank of India Acknowledges Dogecoin As A Virtual Currency
Federal judge rules that TSA, FBI can detain and arrest you for carrying Arabic flashcards
Man eats microwave popcorn daily for 20 years; can't sue when he gets rare disease tied to inhaling butter fumes
Chinese State Media: China's Air is Too Polluted for Santa to Fly
Highway In Iceland May Be Sidetracked By Elves.
Driver Christine Beckwith bashed for parking crooked in Florida
Justin Bieber: 'I'm officially retiring'
Pope To Atheists: We Need Your Help
15 cops and a taser required to take down public masturbator
Police: Man caught copulating with sandwich shop window
Fast food is the 'unhealthy choice', McDonald's tells its own staff
McDonald's Warns Workers About the Health Risks from Eating Fast Food
Man Choked, Stabbed After Crock-Pot Dispute
Police: Man runs onto Phoenix airport taxiway, slaps jet
Duck Dynasty supporters create 'Chick-Phil-A' Day
Palin Admits She Didn't Read Duck Dynasty Comments She's Defending
Sarah Palin Admits She Has No Idea What She's Talking About
British blamed for Basra badgers
Florida Drug Court Judge Has 'Meltdown,' Enters Addiction Rehab
Wahlberg family starring in a new reality show about them running a burger restaurant entitled "Wahlburgers"
Fake knee surgery as good as real procedure, study finds
Dutch entrepreneur to preserve tattoos of the dead
Justin Bieber Officially Retires
Treats making pet monkeys diabetic
Florida Cops Give Lottery Tickets to Speeders Instead of Citations
McDonald's to employees: Avoid burgers and fries - it's risky for your health
Man Fleeing Bad Date Jumps Fence At Newark Airport, Breaching $300 Million Security System
Christmas night fight between sisters over apple fritters ends in stabbing
Houston police: Woman urinated on car in bizarre Christmas attack
Florida man jailed After Police Find Him Naked And Masturbating In Car, With Plastic Toy Gun In Anus. (x-post from /r/wtf)
Meth-Head Masturbator Man Subdued By 15 Cops
Traffic cops in Melbourne, Florida, hand out lottery tickets to speedy drivers on Christmas
CONFIRMED: Wonder Woman Will Have TWO Breasts In 'Batman vs Superman'
What Did We Get Stuck In Our Rectums This Year?
600 person brawl erupts outside a Florida movie theater, 5 arrested
Dogecoin Wallets Hacked, Much Coins Stolen
AP Article About Limiting Nasty Internet Comments Gets Its Own Nasty Internet Comments
70 Injured in Christmas Piranha Attack
Fight over BBQ sauce lands couple behind bars (x/post from Cringe)
Fight over BBQ sauce lands couple behind bars - (X/post from facepalm)
Little Caesars Pizza Bowl Ran out of Pizza (X-Post from /r/cfb)
Santa shot: Police seek suspect
Miley Cyrus Defends Introducing Joe Jonas to Weed
More Canadian Adults Believe in Santa Claus This Year (29%) than Last (25%) : Ipsos Reid
Man Who Escaped From Police Charged In Theft Of Handcuffs
UK's concerned clowns call for end to copycat crime wave
Kanye West plans on keeping quiet, for at least six months
Sharks "Tweet" Their Location to Aussie Beachgoers
Man Obsessed With Impersonating Transit Workers Vows To Stop Stealing Buses
European Union Regulations May Ban Cinnamon Rolls
Indian Railway Minister Pawan Kumar Bansal's Facebook 'likes' shoot up, cops called in
Thomas the Tank Engine blamed for lack female train drivers because all engines are male, says Labour minister
MP urges citizens to excrete on roads
Senator to introduce legislation in support of Duck Dynasty star
The Pogues' Shane MacGowan appeals for dentist to fix his teeth so he can start film career
Is Your Illegal Alien Landscaper a Mexican Cartel Killer? This One Was...
Anderson Cooper Discusses His Mother and 'Cunnilingus'
Wisconsin Pours Cheese On The Roads To Deal With Icy Conditions
Kanye West vows not to 'talk shit' for six months
SC woman stabs fiancé over wedding color scheme
North Charleston woman accused of stabbing man with ceramic squirrel
Christmas night fight between sisters over apple fritters ends in stabbing - News
Holy sighting on Scottsdale cheesecake?
The Best Dressed Man of 2012: Pope Francis
The Best Dressed Man of 2013: Pope Francis
Divorce called off after hubby vows to install toilet
Sea lions sued for being smelly
Obesity epidemic among pet monkeys in the UK.
New Hampshire woman stabs father after Big Dipper argument on Christmas Eve
Kleptomaniac cats in Christmas stocking stash hunt
Lovestruck Kiwi's online relationship with murdered girl's mum ends in court
Wisconsin using cheese to de-ice roads. Really.
Massive piranha attack leaves 70 injured
Police: Woman stabbed man with ceramic squirrel
Danish Cinnamon Rolls Are Dangerously Cinnamony, Says the EU
Wisconsin Pours Cheese on Roads to Melt Ice
Somerville police: Drunk New Hampshire man yells in Chinese restaurant
Family sees crucifix in a cheesecake
Chinese icebreaker gets stuck in ice on its way to rescue stranded ship.
Atheists use a popular Bible app to evangelize unbelief
Beatboxing Poses Little Risk of Injury to Voice
President Obama Improves His Vacation Wardrobe, Thank Goodness
Gun slips off toilet-paper dispenser, shoots man
Ohio Wife Torches Husband's Truck After Getting Crock Pot and Cheap Lingerie for Xmas
Comedienne Joan Rivers takes another swipe at Jennifer Lawrence: 'She's been touched up more than a choir boy at the Vatican'
Masturbating man in Salem bar arrested after Taser proves ineffective, officials say
There Are Plenty Of Twitter Users Who Find Their Cousins Hot
Police: No beer on Christmas leads to ceramic squirrel stabbing
Renée Zellweger Goes Makeup-Free for Lunch With Her Parents in L.A.
Rescue Vessel Became Stuck on Way to Trapped Antarctic Ship
Argument over constellations leads to stabbing | New Hampshire
Woman threatened to kill Walmart worker over price of skateboard, police say
Teen Arrested For Pulling Knife on Dad After Not Getting iPhone for Xmas
South Carolina Woman Stabs Fiancé Over Wedding Color Scheme
Glenn Greenwald: 'A Lot' More NSA Documents to Come
Tea Party group posts video game image mocking Tea Party
SC woman stabs husband with ceramic squirrel over lack of beer
Mel Brooks: There's no 'solely Jewish humor' anymore
Belief in climate change depends on the weather
Ore. man on meth fights off 12 cops while masturbating in bar
Everest climbers wait more than two hours in queue for summit
California church protests violence by adding Trayvon Martin to Nativity scene
A dog could run China's banking system, says former statistics bureau spokesman
Dog-to-English Translation Headset Gets Funding
Dog-to-English translator fully funded by crowd funding site
Burglar Killed After Attempted Home Invasion Of Highway Patrol Man in Deep Deuce
How To Solve The Piracy Problem: Give Everyone A Basic Income For Doing Nothing
Faroe Islands: Men 'must import brides'
Mob of teens overruns mall in Brooklyn, New York
Sharks in Australia begin using Twitter to warn surfers and swimmers of their presence
Family buys Beats by Dre headphones at Walmart, but finds cans of tuna instead
Kim Kardashian Reveals Christmas Gift From Kanye West
Get out Claus...how a battle of the Santas erupted when a council said two Father Christmases would *truamatise* children.
Porn Found on Young Boy's New 3DS
Stalker trashes writer in comments of writer's article about stalker
Indonesian official closes airport because he couldn't get flight
Woman hypnotizes priest, steals church donations
Arizona State Trooper Who Persecutes Illegal Immigrants Resigns After Finding Out She's An Illegal Immigrant
Why we should give free money to everyone
Thomas the Tank Engine needs more female trains, Labour MP says.
Psychologist Goes On Rampage At High School
Conservatives Freak Out That Guy In Obama Tweet Isn't Manly Enough
Woman arrested for stabbing man with ceramic squirrel
State trooper can't have gun while off duty due to mental health record, Pa. court rules
Andrew Bynum suspended, source says he didn't like basketball much in the first place
Naked Mole Rat Named Vertebrate of the Year
Hunter spots kangaroo while goose hunting near Adair, Oklahoma
Reddit is going for profitability next year
West Linn police step up patrols after Christmas decorations rearranged
Portland Police use sandwich to lure mentally ill naked man off parking garage ledge
Nao The Robot Teacher Becomes Newest Edition To Kansas School's Teaching Staff
2 arrested after "Ten Commandments" argument turns violent
Article: Jim Nevarde Buys iPod At Target, Finds Erasers Instead
The Finns Have a Unit of Measurement Based on a Reindeer's Urinary Habits
Jennifer Mee Guilty: 'Hiccup Girl' To Serve Life In Prison For First Degree Murder
'Hiccup Girl' Jennifer Mee Guilty of Murder, Gets Life in Prison
Bra vending machine proves a bust
Police: Man runs through Bingo hall with pants down, screams 'Bingo'
Women With Big Bootys Are Smarter
How a cow could kill you
We Are Close To Developing A Much Better Way To Make Babies
Fox News host: 'C*cksucking faggot' isn't a homophobic slur
Oregon Man High On Meth Fights Off 15 Cops While Masturbating
Condoms 'too big' for Indian men
Montana Judge who sentenced rapist to 30 days in prison hands down a three month sentence to a man who hit his girlfriend hard enough to break her jaw in three places. Judge also orders man to write 5,000 times "Boys do not hit Girls."
Pope named 'Best Dressed Man of 2013' by Esquire
Police offer a tasty sandwich get naked man off ledge
SC woman charged with stabbing husband with a ceramic squirrel
Man pleads guilty to volunteering for Al Qaeda on Facebook
Young Boy Finds Porn On His Apparently New Nintendo 3DS Console
Gitmo Troops Get a Car Show As Inmates Sweat in 12-foot Boxes
Buffalo Wild Wings airs UFC fight instead of Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl.
Father/daughter argument about constellations ends in stabbing.
Jose Canseco's neighbors don't like his pet goats at all
Bull semen supply likely to resume in a month
Cops: Teen Who Didn't Get iPhone Pulls Knife on Dad
Brockton man pulled knife on father after not getting iPhone for Christmas
Kanye West Finishes 'Yeezus' Tour With Epic Rant to End All Rants
No firearms policy at Toby Keith restaurant draws ire of fun rights advocates
'Greedy' charity shops under fire for prices beyond means of poor | Society
Long Island man claims $1 million lottery ticket he found in a pile of leaves
A look at al-Qaida's priorities through receipts
Chinese man kills himself after girlfriend won't stop shopping The Chinese man was fed up with his girlfriend's five-hour shopping spree, throwing himself over the balcony of a local mall after she wanted to go to one more shoe store, authorities said.
Eight-year-old boy gets Nintendo DS filled with porn for Christmas
NSA reportedly intercepting laptops purchased online to install spy malware
Woman tries to defend racist accusations by creating a racist fake profile to defend her.
Police: Woman stabbed man with ceramic squirrel after he couldn't find Beer
Whoops! Earth's Oldest 'Diamonds' Actually Polishing Grit
Caretaker licks monkey's butt for one hour to save its life
Marvin Rosales Martinez Finds Winning Lottery Ticket in Pile of Leaves
Welsh man request trial by combat rather than pay a £25 fine.
Paul Ryan lectures the pope
Japan's new first lady 'flew to Venus with UFO'
Study finds the whiter the college, the more diversity depicted in the brochure.
$0.60 FOR CAKE: AL-QAIDA RECORDS EVERY EXPENSE
Claremont, CA church replaces Nativity scene Jesus with wounded Trayvon Martin
Disgusted Central Park Mugger Rejects Victim's Flip Phone
Police: No Beer Led to Ceramic Squirrel Stabbing
Bill Richardson Speculates on a John Kerry Presidential Run in 2016
50kg croc falls off bus onto central HCMC street
Toby Keith Restaurant bans guns, angers fans
Lightning kills eight worshippers at church
Man 'masturbates in bar and fights off 15 cops after wild meth-fuelled weekend'
Formula One champion Schumacher injured in ski accident - media
Man Bites Cabbie; Cabbie Pulls Gun, Waits for Police - Police & Fire
Dolphins 'getting high' on puffer fish, zoologist Rob Pilley says
Global Warming Expedition to Prove Antarctic Ice is Melting Trapped by Ice
Six injured in fight that began at Church's Chicken and escalated to shooting at liquor store
Four suspects arrested in bizarre home invasion robbery
Woman beats man with ceramic squirrel after he fails to bring her beer
Burglar steals video tapes of child abuse, hands them into police
Dog-to-English translator becomes a reality thanks to crowdfunding campaign
How to Save Money on Amazon With a Fake Baby
Central Park mugger rejects flip phone
New Hampshire State Legislator Under Fire for Driving Through Pack of Ducks
Oregon Man High On Meth Allegedly Fights Off 15 Cops While Masturbating
Man High On Meth Fights Off 15 Cops While Masturbating
PARIS HILTON CLAIMS TO BE "ONE OF THE TOP FIVE DJS IN THE WORLD"
Woman calls for Rose Parade boycott over gay wedding float
Waitrose faces middle-class revolt over free coffee loyalty card
Johnny Depp lookalike in Lyttelton
Four Months After the 'Poop Cruise,' the Carnival 'Triumph' Sails Again - and Is Sold Out
Japan's homeless 'recruited' for cleaning up Fukushima nuclear plant
Thai Police Protest Treatment By Protesters
True to vow of transparency, India's anti-graft hero admits bowel trouble
Facebook - not dead, not buried
Thousands of Romanian children stay at home while parents work abroad
Another Conspiracy Theory Unravels Into Nothing
New jackets for Hens Solo and Princess Layer
Beyonce Slammed for Sampling Shuttle Tragedy on New Album
Andrew Frey, Man 'High On Meth, Fights Off 15 Police Officers While Masturbating'
Berlusconi's step-dog joins Italian campaign against illegal New Year fireworks
Starbucks Busted for Brewing with 'Toilet' Water in Hong Kong
BBC News - Chinese President Xi Jinping buys normal steamed bun
Baby born with broken collarbone named for Aaron Rodgers
Chinese President Xi Jinping buys normal steamed bun
Obama's federal government funded hardcore porn project
Free money might be the best way to end poverty
Teen was shot dead by fellow robber after a bullet fired at the victim ricocheted off his face
Police hope robber's selfie will lead to his arrest
Dolphins 'deliberately get high' on puffer fish nerve toxins by carefully chewing and passing them around
Enraged wife stabs husband with ceramic squirrel because he didn't buy beer
BOBBLEHEADS HONOR SUPREME COURT JUSTICES
Times Square Applebee's charging $375 for New Year's "bash"
Obama binges on 'Breaking Bad'
Egyptian Man Stunned To See Wife In A Porn
Pouring Cheese on Icy Roads in (Where Else?) Wisconsin
Indianapolis: Home of Next-Generation Console Heists, Apparently
Glow-in-the-dark pigs created by Chinese scientists
Thief returns older model cell phone to NYC victim
Chattanooga, TN Nativity Scene Replaces Baby Jesus With Trayvon Martin
Reporter asks Cleveland Browns owner Jimmy Haslam if team is run by 'three stooges'
Manatee man, impersonating police, stops Tampa officer
$375-per-person New Year's feast - at Applebee's
Good police work, tasty sandwich get naked man off ledge
Nativity Scene Replaces Baby Jesus With a Bleeding Trayvon Martin
Disappointed mugger hands out dated flip phone straight back
ESPN-Created Star Tim Tebow Joins ESPN To Be ESPN Star
Phil Robertson on marriage: Duck Dynasty star advised men to find 15-year-old girls who will "pick your ducks."
Disappointed mugger hands outdated flip phone straight back
Man 'High On Meth, Fights Off 15 Police Officers While Masturbating'
Gunman went bowling before Arapahoe High School shooting, police say
"The Lock In" -- a movie about how pornography leads to demonic possession, created by a Christian movie company.
The NSA Uses Windows Error Messages To Spy On Targets
Police officer kills man attempting suicide
Republicans' belief in evolution plummets, poll reveals
A lesson in Leadership from Kim Jong Un
Police Lure Naked Suicidal Man Off Ledge With a Sandwich
Irish minister on gay marriage referendum: "We've had enough of this shit. We did the abortion, we are not fucking doing this one"
Restaurant Owner Busted for Drug Dealing Thanks to His BBQ-Scented Heroin
Police: Fake cop pulled over real cop
Netflix to help subscribers' new year's resolutions to watch less TV by cutting nearly 100 shows and movies
FBI warns of terrorists toting copies of Old Farmers' Almanac
Man 'high on meth fights off 15 police officers while masturbating in public'
The Japanese Mob Is Hiring Homeless People to Clean Up Fukushima
Pastor Drowns When He Attempts to Walk on Water
Bleeding Trayvon Martin nativity scene sparks controversy
Phenix City man, father to Crimson Tide and Alliegh Bama, offers support to Andalusia family who named child Krimson Tyde (x-post from /r/CFB)
Cardiff City owner Vincent Tan: 'We should sign players with number eight in their birth dates' (X-post r/soccer)
Ice Breaker Gets Stuck Trying to Rescue Global Warming Scientists Trapped in Antarctic Ice
Wife attacks husband with ceramic squirrel when he doesn't buy beer
Cardiff City owner Vincent Tan: 'We should sign players with number eight in their birth dates'
Baby Hitler's Dad Wants Custody Of Baby Eva Braun
Because of Constitution Error, North Dakota is Not a State (and Never Has Been)
Teen robber Clifton Chatman shot by his accomplice after bullet ricocheted off victim's face
Italy court overturns paedophile conviction because girl, 11, was 'in love'
Original Title is Best-stated
Michelle Obama: It's "OK" president is a sex symbol
Robber killed when bullet ricochets off robbery victim's face.
Man Stabbed With Ceramic Squirrel By Wife For Not Bringing Beer Home On Christmas Eve
Home Depot founder worries Pope Francis neither loves nor understands rich Americans
Moscow Subway Station Lets Passengers Pay Fare In Squats
Woman Accused of Stabbing Beerless Man With Ceramic Squirrel
Owner of Segway Company Dies in Segway Accident
Federal Judge: ACLU Can't Sue NSA Because It Never Should Have Known Anyway
Believes culture minister appears comical and cultureless
Claims of virgin births in U.S. near 1 percent: study
Jon Gruden Begs NFL Teams To Stop Firing Coaches Just For Him
Young dolphins deliberately chew puffer fish to get high with each other
Bullet bounces off robbery victim's face and shoots mugger dead
Giant yellow duck explodes in Taiwan again
Italy overturns pedophile conviction, says girl, 11, 'in love'
Unbelievably lenient sentence for cop who fingered suspects' anuses
Twitching - British birdwatching goes bad as spotters ramp up competition
Dog's are poisoning themselves by eating pot in San Francisco
Claremont church Nativity scene replaces Jesus with Trayvon Martin
The Other 'F Word': Brewer Responds To Starbucks Over Beer Name
How to stop masturbation
It's official: Pope has not abolished sin, says Vatican
Man commits suicide at mall after girlfriend insists on buying more shoes: report
Janice Keihanaikukauakahihuliheekahaunaele Gets Her Driver's License
Police officer who arrested football referees suspended, demoted
Montreal doc sanctioned after botching 80 circumcisions
'Duck Dynasty' Star Advises Men to Marry Teenage Girls
$375 for dinner -- at Applebee's!
Rep. Steve Stockman (R-Texas) tweeted out an endorsement of his favorite gun lubricant: "liberal tears."
Dolphins caught chewing on fish to get high
MSNBC Host Makes Fun of Mitt Romney's Black Grandson
A recent archaeological dig has discovered the most ancient Hebrew engraving ever, which simply complains about how bad the booze is.
Man stabbed after giving girlfriend knife for Christmas
Kim Jong-un enjoys his new 'for the people' ski resort by himself.
Pitchfork Reader's Poll rates Yeezus the most underrated album of the year, the most overrated and the album of the year.
Obama pollster: reporters should stop covering polls in 2014
Woman Stabs Man with Ceramic Squirrel After Coming Home Without Beer
The dead can vote in NYC
Conspiracy theorist Jim Garrow: Obama will enlist aliens and Canadians to rule America
Obit: RIP, light bulb
Newly Discovered Sea Slug Named After Game of Thrones Character
Winter is coming: Government uses 'Game of Thrones' to warn Americans about snow
Game of Thrones' Khaleesi is a new sea slug species
12-year-old stays up late gaming, saves family from fire
New York City Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio vows to ban horse-drawn carriages
Nashua's Campbell issues apology over duck deaths
A man with one arm was arrested for clapping in Belarus
Hawaiian Woman Gets IDs That Fit Her 36-Character Last Name
When This Man's Wife Left Him, He Did 101 Outrageous Things with Her Wedding Dress
First-ever potato drop hits Idaho
Suspect breaks into home, cooks hot dogs
PA Police: Cop Pepper-Sprayed Girlfriend's Son
SHE DRANK HER ALE AT THE BAR
NFL eyes London's Olympic Stadium for franchise, possibly Jaguars
Tim Tebow: 'I'm the best I've ever been as a quarterback'
This photo of Kim Jong Un riding a ski lift is North Korea's way of flipping off Europe
Beer to become 'alcohol' in Russia on New Year's Day
Chinese recycling tycoon says he wants to buy New York Times
12-Year-Old Divorces Parents Over Wrong Christmas Present
Rick Ross wins court case against Rick Ross. [x-posted from /r/HipHopHeads]
The Top 10 Top 10 Lists of 2013
The hotel minibar may soon be extinct, experts say
SUMTER, SC: Sumter suspect shouts 'y'all stole my Batman knife,' tries to break into home with sword
However hard you party tonight, remember you can never party as hard as this guy
How Home Depot Copied Apple to Build an Ingenious New Bucket
'Aaron Rodgers: "I'm Not Gay. I Really, Really Like Women'"
Man's Angry, Sarcastic Open Letter to Airline Goes Viral - But Not Everyone Will Be Amused
Outsourced: Employee Sends Own Job To China; Surfs Web
Billionaire Home Depot Founder Says Pope Francis Is Alienating The Rich
Kim Jong Un Has Photo Session with Fisheries
Naked man leads Calif. police on rooftop chase
Florida woman assaults boyfriend after he refuses to cuddle: police
Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan
People who are religious or spiritual have 'thicker' brains which could protect them against depression
$1,000 Pill For Hepatitis C Spurs Debate Over Drug Prices
Thicker brain sections tied to spirituality
Marry girls when they're '15 or 16,' said 'Duck Dynasty' star
Ouch! Chinese real estate developer accused of attacking tenants with 100 pounds of scorpions
Hernando County deputies say Michael Mullady hit his wife with a turkey neck during an argument
Mugger shot dead after bullet bounces off victim's face
GOP support for modern biology drops
Dear Hasbro: A Letter Addressing a Poor Decision
Ryan Lee Carroll: 'Breaking Bad' contest winner busted on drug charges in San Carlos Park
Egyptian Astrologer Warns: In 2014, Saturn Enters Sagittarius, Making Jews Stronger
Baby Dies After 3-Year-Old Sister Tried to Change His Diaper
Dogs poop in alignment with Earth's magnetic field. (From /r/science)
Dogs Poop in Alignment with Earth's Magnetic Field
'Frappicino' brewery responds to Starbucks letter with $6 check
George Zimmerman sells painting for $100k, gets guns and girlfriend back
Duck Dynasty Star: Marry Teen Girls
Mumford and Sons say convincing people they're Irish is the secret of their success
Gaming Addict Has Spent the Last 6 Years in an Internet Cafe
Justin Bieber Might Replace Paul Walker in "Fast & Furious 7"
Former Israeli Leader Sharon's Health Worsens After 8-Year Coma
Killer Safe - Palestinian Ambassador To The Czech Republic Dies After Apartment Explosion
Book News: Efforts To Ban Books On The Rise
Man, 81, wins lawsuit forcing his children to visit him and pay his living expenses
Britons urged not to panic after possible sighting of 'Bulgarian'
Florida "Breaking Bad" Contest Winner Busted on Drug Charges
Alabama Couple Names Baby Krimson Tyde, Is Shocked By Backlash
Racist Rockin' Eve: Fox is Having a New Years Eve Party with Duck Dynasty & Sarah Palin
Giant yellow duck explodes hours before New Year's Eve in Taiwan - video
British man running across Canada for charity beaten up in Alberta
LaBeouf apologizes for copying with copied apologies
Fox Flesh found in donkey meat package at Wal-Mart
Man On Meth Fights Off 15 Police Officers Whilst Masturbating
Meth user fights off 15 police officers 'while masturbating in bar'
Alabama fans mocked online for naming their newborn 'Krimson Tyde' to honor team
Ft. Myers man who won 'Breaking Bad' contest facing felony drug charges
Phil Robertson says Shintoists rob, rape, murder and pillage Christians.
South Florida model knifes boyfriend after his dog ate her marijuana
Woman stabs husband with squirrel over Christmas without beer
Condoms are too big for Indian men
Young people 'feel they have nothing to live for'
Court Upholds Willy-Nilly Gadget Searches Along U.S. Border
Goats sacrificed to fix Nepal jet
They Didn't Give a Flute: Musician Says Customs Agents at JFK Airport Destroyed Every One of His 11 Handmade Instruments
During zoo closure, panda cub got chubby, a tortoise died and some animals acted freaky
Most Australians want Google to stop giving data to US spy agencies
Murder most fowl? Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan
Elderly Couple Ran a Marathon Every Day of 2013
Man dips bare hands in hot oil
Winnipeg deep freeze as cold as uninhabited planet - Manitoba
Dolphins Can Get High on Puffer Fish, Says Nature Show
More Than 300 Sharks In Australia Are Now On Twitter
Covenant welcomes So'Unique Miracle, first baby in 2014
Did a great white shark photobomb surfing kids at Manhattan Beach, Calif.?
Santa gang rob Albanian jewellery store
NASA: Beyoncé Trivialized the Deaths of Challenger Astronauts
Chinese Couple Sells All Three Kids to Play Online Games
Blast kills Palestinian diplomat in Prague when opening safe
Insane Clown Posse Admit To Being Evangelical Christians, Don't Want To Know How Fucking Magnets Work
Anthony Weiner Shares His Goals for 2014, Involving 'Knife Fights' and 'Dead Armadillos'
The best part is the end where she urges you to buy her book 'as a gag gift for your feminist friends'.
Shia LaBeouf Skywrites an Apology to His Plagiarism Victim
Airline passenger tied up after trying to smoke a cigarette
Only 1067 Vehicles Set Ablaze On New Year's Eve in France, Down 10% From Last Year
'Breaking Bad' contest winner arrested in drug raid
Walmart Recalls Donkey Meat In China Because It Contained Fox
Only 1067 cars were torched in France on New Year's Eve
There Is No Hell Fire, Adam & Eve Not Real Pope Francis Exposes
Global Warming Scientists Finally Rescued from Antarctic Ice
Wal-Mart recalls donkey meat in China after tests reveal fox
Wal-Mart recalls donkey product in China after fox meat scandal
Walmart recalls donkey meat in China after it was found to be contaminated with fox meat
After 70 Years, This Holocaust Survivor Is Reunited With The Man Who Rescued Her From A Concentration Camp
Love blooms on dating website for farmers
Overweight peoples' NYE resolution is to do nothing to change their bodies.
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford files for reelection
'Left Behind' Fans Question Nicolas Cage's Faith, Wonder About Actual Rapture Before Film's Release
Moving testicles frustrate effort to calm hippos by castration
USA Hockey Accidentally Tells 67-Year-Old Canadian He Made Olympic Team in Text Message Meant for Ryan Kesler
Wal-Mart Recalls "Five Spice" Donkey Meat
Giant yellow duck explodes hours before New Year's Eve in Taiwan
Seattle woman eats nothing but Starbucks food for a year
'Breaking Bad' fan arrested in drug bust
Teachers Evacuate Kids After Mistaking Fake Leg For Pedophile
Walmart recalls donkey meat because it contains fox
Wal-Mart recalls donkey meat after Shandong FDA finds it was tainted with fox meat
Walmart recalls donkey meat in China
Stonehenge reopens to tourists after $44m makeover
Alabama Couple Names Baby Krimson Tyde
iPhone's Siri App Predicts the End of the World? 'It's Sunday, 27 July 2014 (Opening Gates of Hades)'
Church Teens Battle a Demon from a Porno Mag in Christian Found Footage Movie Children terrorised by porn magazine in Christian found footage horror movie
PHOTOS: 'Smash The Scale' Is The New Year's 'Revolution' You Need To Know About
Danish women's magazine cover: "Raped: When is it your own fault?"
Searching the Internet for evidence of time travelers
Duck Dynasty family launches gun line
Wal-Mart Stores Inc yanks donkey meat off the shelves in China after tests show it contained fox
Vegans in lettuce bikinis to hand out free cocoa on Nicollet Mall today
Wal-Mart recalls donkey meat in China
"Duck Dynasty" family launches line of camouflage guns
'Breaking Bad' fan contest winner in massive drug bust
Kanye West-themed Bitcoin clone set to launch this month. Will be named 'Coinye West'
Dogs poop in line with Earth's magnetic field, says study
Dogs align themselves with Earth's magnetic field when it comes time to poop
QLD VLAD law at work. Pizza delivery man jailed for past 21 days for delivering to bikie members
Breaking Bad contest winner arrested on drug charges
Walmart Recalls Donkey Meat That's Not Just Donkey
Florida Man Accused of Attacking Girlfriend With Banana
Girlfriend's Stuffed Penguin Travels World With Soldier Boyfriend
Macaulay Culkin's Pizza Underground Band Is Coming to Dallas
Jesus Arrested for Christmas Eve Heists
Canada 'colder than Mars, North Pole', as northeast United States braces for cold snap
Hip-hop measles infection could spread
Prosthetic leg mistaken for pedophile in local swimming pool
Woman eats Starbucks for an entire year
Oregon man on meth fights off cops while masturbating in bar
Concerned staff evacuated children from a leisure centre following a peeping Tom alert... only to find the "culprit" was a false leg left in a changing room.
Chateauguay mayor celebrated as hero for turning down bribe
People Think America is 2014 years old
Man arrested for stealing brain tissue from Indianapolis museum
Egypt's latest terror suspect is a puppet
Kanye West Now Has His Own Cryptocurrency and It's Called Coinye West
Scarlett Johansson Full Frontal Nudity In Under The Skin
Scientists: Dogs poop aligned to Earth's magnetic field
Kanye West-themed Bitcoin clone said to launch this month
Egypt's latest terror suspect: The popular felt-and-yarn puppet Abla Fahita
'Breaking Bad' fan who won contest to watch finale with cast is arrested on drug charges
China Wal-Mart surprise: How did fox meat get into donkey products?
Indian Trail councilman tenders resignation -- in Klingon
Edward Mangano sworn in for second term. using iPad Bible
Marijuana overdose kills 37 in Colorado on first day of legalization
Breaking Bad prize winner arrested on drugs charges
Erick Erickson Uses Jesus To Deny Climate Change | "The difference between people who believe in the 2nd coming of Jesus and those who believe in global warming is that Jesus will return"
Pastor Tries to Walk on Water Like Jesus, Then Drowns in Front of His Congregation
Man charged with killing son allegedly said boy was demon
Walmart recalls donkey meat from China stores because it may contain fox meat
Cryptocurrency goes mainstream with 'Coinye West'
Even This Ylvis Parody Can't Explain Olympic Curling
Breaking Bad Fan Arrested For Running His Own Drug Dealing Operation
SUV crashes upside down into collision repair shop.
Dogs Align Themselves With The Earth's Magnetic Field When Pooping
'Breaking Bad' contest winner accused of running drug ring
Seattle woman eats only at Starbucks for entire year
'Wanted' Banker Who Faked His Suicide Captured After Cops Stop Him For Tinted Windows
Breaking Bad Contest Winner Arrested for Running a Drug Operation
Marines Delay Female Fitness Plan After Half Fail
Wal-Mart recalls contaminated donkey meat in China
Wal-Mart recalls donkey meat in China that contained fox
Woman's toe is bitten off at New Year's Eve party
English soccer player John Terry blamed for civil unrest in Ukraine
Albanian women choose celibacy to become men
Man running across Canada for charity beaten, robbed in Banff New Year's Day
Colo. Tokers Psyched for Basement Sessions, Stupid Movies
Egyptian puppet Abla Fahita accused of terrorism
Japanese Politicians Announce Plan to Build Gundams
Justice Department to spend $544,000 on a new LinkedIn profile: Raft of astonishing new government contracts revealed
Teen Who Injected Krokodil In Genitals Was From U.S., Mexican Officials Say
Scientists observe dogs relieving themselves, discover something amazing
Florida man who won 'Breaking Bad' contest arrested on drug charges
Organ Donors Will Soon Have to Choose Whether or Not to Keep Their Faces
Wal-Mart eyes legal action over donkey meat recall
Same-sex couple files for divorce
Walmart Recalls Tainted Donkey Meat from Chinese Stores It's actually fox meat, regulators say(x-post from /r/worldnews)
Clay Aiken 'actively considering' run for Congress
Marijuana overdose kills 37 in Colorado
'Breaking Bad' contest winner arrested for running a drug ring.
Youth throws boiling water on girl for 'unfriending' him on Facebook
Gov. Brown Appoints Armen Tamzarian to LA County Superior Court
Rich girl slams media coverage of viral essay: No one mentioned I'm gay
"I see no difference between eating animals and paedophilia": Morrissey writing novel, recording new album, still hates meat-eaters
Why bicyclists and hybrid drivers should pay more taxes
Coinye West is your newest Bitcoin-inspired cryptocurrency
Village name to be changed to mark Game of Thrones release
How to get fired from Fox in under 5 mins Read more at http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=52b_1329796059#cHQKvKUlH9lykSIP.99
Dogs use Earth's magnetic field when pooping
Man spends £1,000 trying to win Nando's competition only to find it had closed
King Tut's Mummified Erect Penis May Point to Ancient Religious Struggle (x-post r/OffBeat)
Customs officials destroy flute virtuoso's instruments
Kanye West inspired Bitcoin alternative to launch next month
NC councilman writes resignation letter in Klingon
BNP Leader Nick Griffin Is Bankrupt, But At Least He's Not Michael Schumacher, Says Press Officer
Kings Langley to become Kings Landing to mark Game of Thrones DVD release
Toddler who was allowed to rip up old books by his parents, tears their life savings to shreds after discovering their money stash
North Korea's Kim Jong-un had 'uncle killed' by 120 starving dogs
Clay Aiken considering running for Congress in North Carolina, report says
Michigan bans 'WAR SUX' license plate for the 'emotional wellbeing of youth'
NC Politician Writes Resignation Letter In Klingon
Kanye West announces his new crypto-currency, Coinye West
Maine GOP Primary Challenger Cites Domestic Violence Conviction as a Reason to Trust Him
Kanye West inspired currency to launch
Andalusia parents name son 'Krimson Tyde' out of Alabama fandom, mom says
North Korea's Kim Jong-un made starving dogs eat naked uncle alive in cage: Report
Chinese rescue ship may be stuck in Antarctic
Did North Korea's Kim Jong-un really kill his uncle with 120 starving dogs?
This means war? N.C. politician quits council seat in Klingon-language letter
Scientists Come Up Empty-Handed After Online Search For Time Travelers From The Future
This Cold Snap Is Making It Colder Than the Surface of Mars
Kim Jong Un's executed uncle eaten alive by 120 dogs
Pill claims it will 'cure' you of being gay
New Pill Will "Cure" Homosexuality In 8 Sad, Delusional Months
Fake cop flashes buttocks, wants free IHOP meal
Clay Aiken may run for Congress
Oregon allows mothers to take placentas home from hospital
Woman lives on nothing but Starbucks for an entire year
Woman wants divorce due to the way her husband eats his peas
Finance: Goldfish death blamed for late tax return
Now Disney Can Track Your Every Move with NSA-Style Wristbands
Court grants law license to man in US illegally
For the first time in 154 years McGillin's ran out of beer.
Man tries to sell stolen brains on eBay, police say
'Breaking Bad' winner from Florida arrested on drug charges
For The First Time Ever, McGillin's Sells Out Of Beer
Kanye West-inspired currency 'to launch soon'
UFC's Anderson Silva horrifying shin break in Weidman fight most likely due to chronic vitamin D deficiency via dark skin
Chinese Wal-Mart Recalls Donkey Meat for Containing Fox
Winnipeg man wins $8 million in Lotto 649; wants to go somewhere warm
11 Cars Have Crashed Into Their House, but This Couple Won't Move
11-yr.-old gets stuck in washing machine during game of hide and seek
WW2 bomb blast kills digger driver in Germany
Penis drawn on business card is key to Wyoming legal battle over unemployment benefits
An Illustrated Guide to Hippo Castration
Pastor tries to walk on water, drowns.
Did Kim Jong Un feed his uncle to dogs?
Trestin Meacham, Utah Man, On Hunger Strike To Halt Gay Marriage
Bill Nye to visit Creation Museum for debate
'Nick Griffin might be bankrupt, but at least he's not Michael Schumacher,' says BNP head of press, Simon Darby
Everyone Poops, But Dogs Do It With Magnetism
No Puedo Olvidar A Mi Ex Novio
Paul Walker's 'Fast & Furious' Character to Be Retired
Nick Griffin may be bankrupt 'but at least he's not Michael Schumacher' says BNP press officer
Zombie film mistaken for axe attack in Harrogate
BNP: Nick Griffin may be bankrupt but at least he isn't in Michael Schumacher's position · PinkNews.co.uk
Rescue ship sent to retrieve stranded Antarctic voyagers now stuck in ice
Town councilman uses Klingon to resign from position
7:37 PM Block party in Florida cancelled due to freezing 50 degree weather
Block party in Florida cancelled due to freezing 50 degree weather
Utah Man Vows To Fast Until State Nullifies Same-Sex Marriage Law
No cloaking his intentions: NC politician resigns - in Klingon
World War II Somehow Claims Another Casualty
CoinYeWest - Kanye Based CryptoCurrency
Government Spy Cams in China Can't See Through the Smog
Utah man fasting to stop same sex marriages
Desperate Utahn Vows To Starve Self Until Gays Can No Longer Marry
Pot sales exceed $1 million on first day
Waterstones: 'Fleets of trained owls' to deliver books
Robo-Sperm Could Be the Drug Delivery Mechanism of the Future
Speak, Fido: Device Promises Dog Translations
Gallatin man enters gubernatorial race after state ignores petition to return raccoon
Daycare staff charged with running toddler fight club
Man Under House Arrest Asks For Prison To Escape Wife
Bomb squad removes dildo from downtown SLO
North Korea Says Its Archaeologists Discovered A 'Unicorn Lair'
Bill Nye Wants To Wage War on Anti-Science Politics, Make a Movie-And Save the Planet From Asteroids
World Cup to begin with mind-controlled exoskeleton kick
'The Wolf of Wall Street' Breaks F-Bomb Record
'The Wolf Of Wall Street' F-Word Record
'Wolf of Wall Street' Breaks F-Word Record
Sperm bank turns down redheads
Morrissey Claims That If You Eat Meat You Would Have Supported Auschwitz
More than half of female Marines in boot camp can't do 3 pullups
The Chinese Icebreaker That Rescued Passengers From The Ship Trapped In Antartica Is Now Stuck In Ice
Global Warming Scientists Stuck In Antarctic Ice Saved By Dirty Fossil Fuel Burning Helicopters
Dogs poop in alignment with Earth's magnetic field, study finds
Man Loses 392 Pounds After Seeing His Obese Reflection on TV Screen
King Tut's penis may help penetrate the mystery of his death
North Korea Says It's No. 2 In Happiness
New research on King Tut's genitals could point to ancient religious rift
'Stinky' Stockport County fans told to 'have a good wash' in note left on Edgeley Park stadium seat
Cubans shocked at prices as foreign cars go on sale
Go to Jupiter for the Best French Fries
Crisis in South Africa: The shocking practice of 'corrective rape' - aimed at 'curing' lesbians
BNP press officer jokes that seriously injured F1 champion Michael Schumacher 'would do anything' to be bankrupt Nick Griffin
Please, no more fried eggs, Death Valley officials say.
Cutest Grandma Ever Goes To Colorado Marijuana Shop Just To Witness History
Another Bitcoin alternative appears: RonPaulCoin
Philadelphia SWAT Team Responds to Standoff Sparked by a Fight Over Shoveling Snow
Plaintiff Who Was "Pantsed" Appeals Six-Figure Verdict in His Favor
Even Google Employees Are Giving Up On Google Glass
Amazon is at War with Monster Erotica: Is a libidinous Big Foot going extinct?
7 steps to becoming a better beer drinker
Drug dealer begs for jail to escape nagging wife
Politician Who Lost NYC Council Race Claims Voodoo Hex Caused Problems
Chinese zoo angers visitors by passing off Tibetan mastiff dog as lion
The city of Seattle seizes a parking lot via eminent domain with the intention to turn it into a parking lot
A Man Has Been Having A Hilariously Close Friendship With Applebee's Facebook Page For Months Now
17 days after bar fight, man discovers large piece of glass in face
Police Called to House for 'Domestic Disturbance' Find Couple Trying to Assemble IKEA Furniture
Texas Man Becomes Unlikely CFO Of Ragged Kabul Orphanage
Rand Paul Suing Obama
Wannabe wants Vodafone puppet jailed for threatening national security, investigation underway - Politics - Egypt
Iowa Man Arrested After Fight Over PB&J Sandwiches
Utah Man On Hunger Strike For As Long As Gay Couples Can Marry
Utah man vows to fast until state restores ban on same-sex marriages
Mitt Romney Expected to Address Harris-Perry Controversy During Fox News Sunday Appearance
Porn trial judge asks for his own probe
Dogs Align with Magnetic Field While Pooping, Study Says
One dead in hair weave transaction
Northern Minnesota Temperatures Sink Below Temps on Mars
Legal Schnauzer: Karl Rove's Bisexual Affair Might Have Sparked His Bizarre Rant on Fox News
Man arrested after fight over PBJ sandwich
Police Say Iowa City Man's Blood-Alcohol Content Too High To Register
Car crashes upside down into side of a collision repair shop
Bottom piece of glass bottle stuck inside Swedish man's cheek for 17 days
Man on hunger strike against gay marriage: "It will end when this stops or I am dead."
Roommate not charged in slaying with sickle
Is this a ghost outside Parliament? Mysterious apparition caught on camera next to the Thames on New Year's Eve
Dogs align with magnetic fields while pooping, study says
Time travellers may be using Twitter and Facebook, claim scientists, despite finding no evidence of it
Seattle News and Events | BREAKING: Steel Pipe Everyone Should Have Known About Is What's Been Blocking Bertha
Northern Minnesota colder than Mars this week
The secret double life of a gay neo-Nazi
Russian police hunt for thieves who stole a 200-tonne metal bridge
Grandfather Abandons 2-Year-Old Boy for Burrito
Airline passenger's complaint about having to sit next to obese man 'the size of an infant hippopotamus' goes viral
Scientists Are Searching For Time Travelers On The Internet
Searching the Internet for time travelers, the scientific paper
Slovak forester saves his life by roaring at raging bear
Internet search for time travelers turns up nothing ... this time
A US icebreaker is dispatched to assist the Australian icebreaker that was dispatched to assist the Chinese icebreaker that was dispatched to assist the Russian icebreaker
Northern California Driver blames 6-year-old twins for getting hit and pinned to wall on sidewalk
Man Takes On 15 Cops Single Handedly While High On Meth And Touching Himself
Rodman Names Team for North Korea Leader Kim Jong Un's Birthday Game
Steven Seagal mulls run for Arizona Governor
Pastor Tries to Walk on Water Like Jesus, Then Drowns in Front of His Congregation [x-post /r/misleadingthumbnails]
News of the Weird
Physics Professors Search Internet for Time Travelers, Don't Find Any
Lindsey Vonn Will Wear a Snow Leopard on Her Head at Sochi
LeBron James Got Carded by a Bartender This Week
Tokyo woman haggles mugger down to Y1,000.
Aaron Rodgers: 'I Really, Really Like Women'
Is this a ghost outside Parliament? Mysterious apparition caught on camera next to the Thames on New Year's Eve (x-post from /r/photography)
Local girl gets tongue stuck to flag pole
'Co-showering, less tea:' UK energy firm's advice how to cut bill
UK energy firm 'First Utility' recommends customers shower together, go to bed early and stop drinking tea in order to save electricity after raising their prices by 18%
Man Accused Of Having Sex With Family Dog
Should we thank drivers for stopping and not killing us at pedestrian crossings?
Best of Warren Police Logs, 2013
Silence costs Marshawn Lynch $50K
Utah Politician Is Fasting To Stop Same-Sex Marriages
Seattle woman's pleasure turns to pain as she has three-hour orgasm
Woman cuts teenage boy's dick open for supposedly molesting her 2yr old.
A Kid Made A Gameday Sign About A Porn Star, And Now The Porn Star Wants To Go To An Oklahoma State Game With Him
Amazon Pulls Access to Purchased Christmas Videos During Christmas
After Bar Brawl, British Parliament Moves To Limit Members' Drinks
Fallujah falls to al-Qaeda, Obama goes golfing
Brisbane motorist fined for leaving car window slightly down on hot day
'Rich girl' who wrote article slamming poor: People would like me if they knew I was gay
Michigan researchers hunt for Internet remnants from time travelers
Report: Seahawks' Lynch fined $50,000 for not talking to media
Steven Seagal says he may run for Arizona governor
King Tutankhamun was mummified with an erect penis to 'quash religious revolution'
Tutankhamun Mummified With Erect Penis To 'Quash Religious Revolution,' Egyptologist Claims
Woman says her alien lovers are better at sex than any Earthling
Two horses die in head-on collision during training at Belmont; rider has broken pelvis
Frat Pledge Loses Testicle After Hazing Ritual Gone Wrong
After a schism, a question: Can atheist churches last?
Rock Star Says He Sees 'No Difference' Between Eating Meat & Pedophilia
Brother arrested in fight over peanut butter and jelly sandwiches
Should Doctors Be Barred From Discussing Abortion With Patients?
Flight makes emergency landing in KC after flash drive found in bathroom
'Noxious odor' that hospitalized eight students turned out to be Six-grader's AXE body spray
Local girl gets tongue stuck to flag pole - No 'sinister triple dog dare'
Grandfather abandons 2 year old for burrito
Tiger Mom: Some cultural groups are superior
American Dialect Society Chooses 'Because' as Word of the Year
King Tut's mummified erect penis may point to ancient religious struggle
Man fires 8cm nail into skull, doesn't notice
Police: Man leaves apology note after break-in
UVA medical student diagnoses actor with life-threatening condition during practice exam
World poll: America biggest security threat, most popular place to live
Ted Cruz is still Canadian despite vow to renounce his citizenship
Eight-year-old girl divorces her husband, 14, in India
Teen throws boiling water into girl's face after she unfriended him on Facebook
Japanese envoy to the UK compares Beijing to Lord Voldemort [Al-Jazeera]
Naked man stuck in washing machine
Actor Steven Seagal considering run for Arizona governor
Naked Aussie gets stuck in washing machine
Premarital sex 'immoral', no religion permits it: Court
Olive oil used to grease up and free naked man hiding in washing machine
Cut Costs On Crucial Ram Via Amazon Coupons and Buy Online
Amsterdam alcoholics paid in beer for collecting litter
Man's blood alcohol content too high for police to measure
Student Expelled for Casting a Spell
Canada's ex-defense minister: Aliens would give us more tech if we'd stop wars
'Drunk tank' for children turning up intoxicated at youth disco
Australia police free naked man stuck in washing machine
Harry Potter wizard invoked again as Japan hits back at China over disputed islands
Woman receives 'poo cake' at engagement party
FBI Drops Law Enforcement as 'Primary' Mission
Jenny McCarthy furious over reports that she said her son doesn't have autism
The FBI drops 'law enforcement' from its mission statement
China risks becoming Asia's Voldemort
Rescuers use olive oil to extract naked man from washing machine
Olive oil used to extract naked man stuck in washing machine
Japan hits back at China over Voldemort comparisons
Teacher Loses 37 Pounds After Three-Month McDonald's Diet
8-year-old divorces 14-yr-old husband in India
Delhi Metro: suicide survivors to get a year in jail
Japan hits back at China with wizard comment
Jihad Jane faces long prison term for terror plot
Olive oil used to free naked man in washing machine
Latvia's prime minister resigns over supermarket collapse that killed 54
It's so cold in Green Bay people are grilling their beers
China and Japan compare one another to Harry Potter villain
Contest Winner Who Watched 'Breaking Bad' Finale With Cast Arrested In Drug Bust: LAist
Story That Kim Jong Un Fed Uncle To Dogs Was Probably Satire : The Two-Way : NPR
Jenna Jameson Uses Her Tits to Turn 4chan Into Her Personal Army [NSFW]
Obamas' Christmas gift for godmother delivered to wrong family
Madrid's Street Performers Now Must Audition To Hold Out A Hat
Yellow Jacket Case Turns Your iPhone 5s into a Stun Gun
Driver banned after being filmed with hands behind head
Jet in 'near miss' with UFO close to Heathrow
Candidate Ben Sasse Wants to Move Nation's Capital to Nebraska: D.C. 'Sick, Dysfunctional'
Comedians told to be funnier before joke about Romney's adopted black grandson
MMA Fighter, Fends Off 4 Attackers, Killing 1 During Home Invasion
Internet-connected toothbrush makes CES debut
GOP Senate candidate Ben Sasse proposes moving Capitol from DC to Nebraska
Above the Law: Steven Seagal Considers Run to Be Arizona's Governor
Homeless Man Claims To Be Whitesnake Drummer
Homeless Mass. Man Not Hard Rock Band's Drummer
98.9 Mystery: Station Plays Same Song on Repeat
Man gets eight months in prison for slapping toddler on plane - U.S. News
OJ Simpson, claiming brain cancer, seeks Obama clemenct
30 English words from our British cousins
Homeland Security Chief Uses Glock as Laser Pointer, Panics Foreigners
OJ Simpson, Claiming Brain Cancer, Seeks Obama Clemency
A surprise inspection in a prison in Mexico has revealed the presence of 19 prostitutes, 100 plasma televisions, two sacks of marijuana, and 100 cockerels for cock fighting.
Homeless man not really drummer for 'Whitesnake'
Report: New York homeland security chief used handgun as laser pointer during speech
Ready ... aim ... point ... talk Handgun used as laser pointer by state official reportedly rattles foreign delegates
Syrian Boy, Mounted on Horse and Wielding Sword, Thanks Gulf Clerics for Supporting Jihad in Syria
Woodson clarifies he wasn't singling out Udrih when he singled him out
David Cameron's barber awarded MBE for 'services to hairdressing'
Police seek men who robbed gameroom with rifle, umbrella | Pacific Daily News
Atlanta Installing Urine Detectors in Train Station Elevators
Satanists plan for goat-headed deity at Oklahoma Capitol
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford to run as Conservative Candidate in Provincial Legislature (x-post from /r/CanadianPoltics - /u/Scottb84)
Steven Seagal considering run for Arizona governor.
Tennessee man runs for governor in GOP primary for right to shower with his raccoon
10-year-old, allegedly intended as suicide bomber, rescued in Afghanistan
Homeless man not hard rock band's drummer
One Woman's Quest to Bring Bitcoin to Botswana
Group unveils Satan statue for Oklahoma state Capital
Former Canadian defence minister claims aliens refuse to share technology because of Earth's wars, pollution
Group unveils Satan statue design for Oklahoma state Capital
Colorado Pot Businesses: We're Going to Run Out of Weed
Swedish minister of justice (and therefore law) believes satirical article, convinced that 37 people died from cannabis overdose
Mexican vigilante gunmen disarm local POLICE so they can rid town of feared Knights Templar drug cartel
(Old News) President of East Timor Pardons Rebels Who Shot Him
Soldier builds bin Laden compound replica out of gingerbread
Back to the Future? Time Travel Missing on Twitter
Satanic Temple unveils 7-foot goat-headed Baphomet statue for Oklahoma Capitol
Can global warming be real if it's cold in the U.S.? Um... yes!
The Leading 'Atheist Mega-Church' Has Just Experienced a Schism
Op Ed: Extreme cold turns us into phony tough guys
Statue of Satan unveiled to be in front of Oklahoma capitol.
U.K. Woman Jessica Wynter Gives Birth Into Leg of Onesie Pajamas
Rep. Peter King Wants NSA to Spy on Congress, Says Some May be Talking to 'Al Qaeda Leader' (Video)
Pastafarian Sworn Into Office Wearing A Colander (PHOTO)
Queens man dead after firework explodes in his mouth
Satanists unveil proposed Statue for OK State Capitol
The NSA Would Like Your Sewage
Polar Vortex Can't Keep Man from Burning Penis (He Claims)
Professor accused of racism for correcting grammar, capitalization
Main Raises Duckling in His Beard
Student suspended for "casting a spell on a teacher to make them sick"
Canadians overcome by urge to throw boiling water in cold air
4chan helps Jenna Jameson track down rogue ex-assistant
Group unveils Satan statue design for Oklahoma
Police say argument over stargazing ends in stabbing
Armed and dangerous - Flipper the firing dolphin let loose by Katrina | World news
Olive oil used to free naked man stuck in washing machine
Man Arrested After Allegedly Forcing Child to Play Grand Theft Auto IV
Satanic Temple proposes Satan statue for the Oklahoma State Capitol
Pastor Tries to Walk Across Water "Like Jesus", Then Drowns In Front of Congregation
Toronto Batman doesn't have a problem with Brampton Batman.
Japan compares China to Harry Potter villain Voldemort
UFO disrupts travel at Bremen airport
In Mystery, Ferret Thefts Sweep Southern England
It's Officially Too Cold For Lincoln Park Zoo's Polar Bear (Chicago)
Man who became trapped naked in washing machine says olive oil rescue was 'like a birth'
Woman sent 'poo cake' at engagement party after dispute with baker
A Whole Bunch Of People Threw Boiling Water In The Air To Watch It Freeze And Burned Themselves
Unidentified Flying Object disturbs air traffic in Bremen
'Strainer' things have happened - Pomfret councilman sworn in wearing colander
Satanists unveil design for Oklahoma Capitol monument
Zambian opposition leader charged with calling president a potato
NK leader's uncle executed by dogs story came from Chinese satire piece
BBC News - 'Sticky balls' may stop cancer spreading
Chinese and Japanese ambassadors trade Voldemort insults in row over shrine visit
China-Japan 'Voldemort' attacks up ante in propaganda war
Harrisburg homeless: 5 strategies for staying warm through the polar vortex
Anger as man professes admiration for Hitler on Irish radio
Pastafarian' Politician Sworn Into Office While Wearing Spaghetti Strainer on His Head
Train passenger tried to have sex with onboard drinks trolley
Morning commute proceeding without incident
Boiling-water trick botched, burns Chicago guy's crotch
Gibberish Research Paper Quotes My Cousin Vinny, Tells The Reader (Repeatedly) The Paper Is A Fraud... Gets Accepted At Academic Conference
Group Unveils Satan Statue Design For Oklahoma : NPR (X-post from r/politics)
"Aliens Exist" Says Canada's Former Defense Minister
Fargo man finds refuge from bitter cold in a freezer, where 'there's no wind chill'
Satanists Unveil Statue for Oklahoma Capitol
Chicago Weather Too Cold Even For Zoo Polar Bear
Inmate escapes prison, turns himself in after going outside
Man who tried to turn his faeces into gold is jailed
T-Mobiel CEO shows up at AT&T's party, then gets kicked out
Malawi row over whether new law bans farting
T-Mobile CEO shows up at AT&T's party, then gets kicked out
Half of young black men in U.S. have been arrested
Time travellers outsmart the NSA
N.Y. Group Applies To Build Satan Statue At Oklahoma State Capitol
From Hawaii, Obama Blasts Republicans Who 'Went Home for the Holidays'
Colorado State Patrol snafu leads callers to phone-sex line
'Sticky balls' may stop cancer spreading
Bigfoot hunter claims to have killed beast and has proof
Med Student Discovers Fake Aneurysm Patient Really Has an Aneurysm
It's even too cold for polar bears in Chicago
Polar Vortex: Too Cold for Polar Bear Anana at Chicago Zoo
It's so cold.... escaped inmate turns himself in
Naked Aussie Freed From Washer With Olive Oil
Berlin police find 140kg of cocaine hidden in banana boxes, mistakenly sent to supermarket by traffickers.
Jennifer Lauren air rage case heard in pub courthouse. (Her trial for being drunk and abusive was in a pub)
Nude washing machine Aussie says oil rescue like a 'birth'
Cop Shoots Schizophrenic Teen Who'd Already Been Tasered, After Saying "We Don't Have Time For This"
Escaped inmate turns himself in due to weather too cold (xpost from r/news)
Boy's mystery illness leaves him unable to blink
Escaped inmate turns himself in due to weather too cold
Chinese man finally meets his Internet crush-and she's his daughter-in-law. Then it gets better.
Selfie saves woman's life
DOG BONE: Pizza Delivery Man Caught Having Sex With His German Shepherd
Off his trolley: Man sentenced after trying to have sex with a buffet cart
Apparently Michael Vick ran a dogfighting ring, according to the New York Times
Radioactive adult nappies spark callout
Velveeta shortage sparked by high demand.
Angry Dennis Rodman defends North Korea basketball game
Shia LaBeouf Plagiarizes Gucci Mane's Twitter Apology.... Apologizing for Plagiarism
Study Finds White Americans Believe They Experience More Racism Than African Americans
Polar Vortex Causes Hundreds of Injuries as People Making Snide Remarks About Climate Change Are Punched in Face
Man Arrested For 'Forcing Boy To Play Grand Theft Auto' In Japan
Pastafarian Upstate Politician Dons Spaghetti Colander Hat At Swearing In
Inri Christo, the Brazilian man who thinks he's Jesus
Man Loses His Pen*s To Frostbite After Doing The Snow Challenge | Huzlers
Kanye serves Coinye with cease and desist, alleging infringement
NYPD Claims It Has No Duty to Protect & Serve
Tom Brady Admits He Has A Cold, Promises He Will Live
Couple accused of stealing bible, condoms from store.
Utah Man Ends Hunger Strike, Wants Pizza
Diapers in Dump Truck Trigger Radioactive Alarms
Poles caught smuggling onions into Norway
Group Unveils Satan Statue Design For Oklahoma : NPR
Naked man in Australia gets stuck in washing machine
Former Secretary Of Defense Bob Gates Basically Calls Joe Biden A National Security Risk
Possible Velveeta shortage is bad news for football fans
Can Physicists Find Time Travelers on Facebook?
Dennis Rodman's father owns restaurant called 'Rodman's Rainbow Obamaburger'
US prison inmate escapes but finds himself in bitter cold; police say he turns himself back in
Satanist organization proposes Satan statue for Oklahoma State Capitol
Dennis Rodman angered by questions on North Korea rights ahead of Kim Jong-Un's birthday
Man, 28, Arrested After Dressing Up As Dog and Having Sex With Cat
Rep. Peter King Says NSA Should Spy On Congress, Because They Might Be Talking To Al Qaeda
Polar bears at Chicago's Lincoln Park Zoo kept indoors due to cold weather
CNN analysis: Some college athletes play like adults, read like 5th-graders
Police : Oregon couple tipped waitress with meth
Mysterious Sound in Moore: Some say UFOs, others say no
Travis Rodriguez Takes Taser Prong To The Eyeball At One Eyed Jack's Bar
The Unites States Navy inadvertently sent a memo to a local NBC News reporter detailing how it was going to try and dodge his Freedom of Information Act requests. (x-post from /r/offbeat).
Hurricanes introduced to a blizzard
Fedora-Wearing Thief Targeting Churches
At least 50 scalded by boiling-to-frozen water trick
"Highly Mobile" Testicles Frustrate Effort to Calm Hippos in Captivity
It's so cold in the U.S. an escapee prisoner turned himself in because of the arctic air
Kentucky inmate escapes, gets too cold, turns himself back in
Ryan O'Reilly suffers injury in hockey hug gone awry
Kanye West sics lawyers on Coinye -- a digital currency he inspired | PCWorld
The Worldwide Campaign To Knit Sweaters For Penguins
Australian Government's Science agaency apologises to nation for lack of research on dragons
Buttloads of Pain - Illegal Ass Enhancements May Be America's Next Health Epidemic
In France, Kidnapping the Boss Usually Pays Off
White People with No Skill Sets Wanted in China
Macaulay Culkin's Pizza-Themed Velvet Underground Tribute Band Releases First Video
Naked man rescued from washing machine with help of olive oil
Largest Ever 'Fatberg' Found In London's Sewer System
The Polar Vortex Might Be Caused By Al Gore (and other Liberals)
BBC - Newsbeat - Britain's biggest 'fatberg' removed from London sewer
Man running for Tennessee governor to get his raccoon back: Mark "Coonrippy" Brown says "This is all about the raccoon"
No Pants Subway Ride hits Boston, Jan. 12
Soon You'll Be Able To Order Domino's Pizza Directly From Your Ford
Denver State Patrol gives phone number for car seat safety. The number calls a sex line instead.
Irish 'felfie' farm selfie photos go viral
Kanye West's lawyer orders "Coinye" to cease and desist just before launch
It Was So Cold in Canada, the Ground Exploded
Baby slapper gets eight months in prison
Oregon waitress tipped in crystal meth
CSIRO 'apologises' for lack of research on dragons
High streets at risk of becoming 'zombies', expert warns
Rush Limbaugh slams polar vortex 'hoax'
Angry Dennis Rodman defends North Korea visit
New York Satanists unveil plans for Oklahoma goat-headed statue
Escaped Kentucky inmate opts for the big house over the big chill - U.S. News
Don't double dip: Velveeta warns of shortage
David Moyes thinks there is, and always has been, a referee's conspiracy against Manchester United
Cocaine cargo sent to German supermarket 'by mistake'
Army: Tanks Are For Children's Day, Not Coup [x-post from /r/Thailand]
Scottish Man Tries to Have Sex With Drinks Trolley Aboard Train
Army: Tanks Are For Children's Day, Not Coup
Single Muslim Success Story: Bilal Abubaka & Zaheda Novsarka
Conserve Money On Crucial Memory Via Amazon Coupons and Buy Online
Man who was put on the sex offenders' register for having sex with a drinks trolley sentenced
Horse visits McDonald's drive-through
Saudi survey shows men blame women for rising cases of molestation
China erects yet another phallus shaped building.
Congress Makes NASA Finish Useless $350 Million Structure
Kenya: Athlete Admits Using Cannabis to Realise Dream
Oregon couple's meth tip at Seaside steakhouse lands them behind bars, police say
Outcry as sex education chief warns forcing children to kiss relatives could be harmful
Ice cream business owners caught keeping slave locked in his garage
How Reddit Became a Gun Market-and Authorized Its Logo on Assault Rifles
A SCOTTISH MAN WAS ARRESTED FOR TRYING TO HAVE SEX WITH A DRINK CART ON A TRAIN
Peers set to block law on being annoying in public
Morrissey: "I See No Difference Between Eating Meat And Paedophilia"
Naked Aussie stuck in washer as part of ill-planned joke freed with olive oil
Some Canadians now spend 8 hours of free time daily staring at screens
Hell Has Frozen Over, Headline Writers Rejoice
Russian Robber tied up, fed Viagra and used as sex slave.
Dennis Rodman sings happy birthday to Kim Jong-un in North Korea - video | Sport
Ben-Gurion airport security cites Nazis to justify invasive search
Insane Clown Posse Sue FBI Over Juggalos' Gang Classification - "All we're trying to do is be like the Stephen King of music," says Violent J.
Insane Clown Posse Defends Fans, With F. B.I. Lawsuit
Group unveils plans for Satan statue at Oklahoma Capitol
Jennifer Lauren air rage case heard in pub courthouse
Intel drops the McAfee anti-virus brand, John McAfee says he is 'everlastingly grateful'
Man killed in Oklahoma by an "atomic wedgie"
English Town to Officially Change It's Name To King's Landing In Honour Of 'Game Of Thrones'
Rodman sings Happy Birthday to North Korea's Kim Jong-un
Using hot coals to help start car backfires
HBO to turn into French hardcore sex channel so gradually you won't even notice
English Town To Change Its Name To 'King's Landing' In Honour Of Game Of Thrones
Possible Velveeta Shortage Looms
Chick mishears her name, thinks she got a rose on 'The Bachelor'. Nope.
Chicago: So Cold Even a Polar Bear Stayed Indoors
Woman pulls gun out of vagina in space alien dispute
Cheesy shortage: Kraft says Velveeta running low
Jennifer McCarthy 'Pulled Gun Out Of Vagina After Fight Over Space Aliens'
Man killed by underwear suffocation in Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma
'Duct tape, wire nets' were used to mend Fukushima water tanks - worker
100,000 bats fall dead from the sky during a heatwave in Australia
Insane Clown Posse sues the feds, saying FBI classifies fans (Juggalos) as criminals.
100,000 Dead Bats Fall From Australian Skies, Heatwave Blamed
Cocaine Found In Banana Crates At Aldi Stores
Ex-Fukushima worker says 'duct tape, wire nets' used to repair leaking radioactive water tanks
8 Utahns among finalists to live on Mars - Forever
Man Killed By 'Atomic Wedgie'
Woman pulled silver handgun from her genitals in row with boyfriend over space aliens
Oklahoma man, Brad Davis, charged with killing stepfather with 'atomic wedgie', claims self-defense
Man kills stepfather via atomic wedgie.
China & Japan reference Voldemort in diplomatic dispute
Couple Tips Their Waitress in Crystal Meth
Bill O'Reilly Makes Millions Of Marijuana Arrests Disappear
Cormac McCarthy's Ex-Wife Brandishes Vagina Gun In Alien Dispute
Oklahoman given 'atomic wedgie' died from suffocation, trauma to head
Teenagers who drink have more friends: study
Google contracts catamaran ferry for employees
Kentucky state representative's gun accidentally fires in Capitol building. Her response: "It happens."
UPDATE: Oklahoman given 'atomic wedgie' died from suffocation, trauma to head : (X-Post from /r/worldnews
Rodman Serenades Kim With a Chorus of 'Happy Birthday, Dear Marshal'
Dennis Rodman Channels Marilyn Monroe For Kim Jong-Un
Rodman sings happy birthday to North Korean leader
Lawmaker fires handgun in Kentucky Capitol: 'I am a gun owner... It happens'
Boiling-water experiment sends Sioux Falls woman to hospital
Here's a tip: Don't leave your waitress an envelope full of methamphetamine or you may get arrested
Belichick's smile disguises identity at 'Lone Survivor' party
Ex-wife of Cormac McCarthy pulled silver handgun from her genitals during argument with boyfriend over space aliens
Gun sales hit new record, ammo boom to follow
Search Is On For Banana Bandit, Newington Police Say
Kanye West declares legal war on 'Coinye' digital currency
Man Crashes Into Gas Station, Steals Banana Then Leaves
Woman charged in space alien dispute
Pope Francis Stops to Pick Up Hitchhiker
Man loses 37 pounds by eating exclusively at McDonald's for 90 days
Man crashes car, steals banana at Newington store
Trade Rumors Ruined Pau Gasol's Enjoyment of 'The Lion King' Musical
A naked man becomes stuck in a washing machine after a risky game of hide and seek
Houston firefighter puts out truck blaze with beer
Holy Hitchhiker! Pope gives pal a ride on the Popemobile
Warrenton police slowly pursue suspect in stolen motorized cart
KY Rep. Accidentally Fired Gun In State Capitol: 'I Am A Gun Owner. It Happens'
Ky. representative's gun accidentally discharges in Capitol building
Authorities: man dead from 'atomic wedgie', stepson arrested
Cormac McCarthy's former wife pulled weapon from her vagina
TED talks don't work, says TED talker
Missing Ontario man found inside truck buried in snow drift
Authorities: Man Dead from 'Atomic Wedgie', Stepson Arrested for Murder
Shop Workers find 140 Kilograms of Cocaine in box of Bananas at Four Aldi Stores in Berlin
Experiments Reveal That Deformed Rubber Sheet Is Not Like Spacetime
'Voldemort in the region': China, Japan blast each other Harry Potter style
Long-time rivals China and Japan deploy Harry Potter villain in latest spat
Seeking Clues to Gangs and Crime, Detectives Monitor Internet Rap Videos
"Atomic wedgie" ends in Oklahoma man's death.
Dennis Rodman appears to bow, sings 'Happy Birthday' to North Korea's Kim
PD: Banana burglar crashed car into Citgo
Warming up your car in Ohio is illegal
Some Guy Was Actually Sworn Into Political Office With a Pasta Strainer on His Head
Depressed Republican Pollster Hides In His Mansion
U.S. Intel: Osama Bin Laden Avatar Could Recruit Terrorists Online for Centuries
Insane Clown Posse sues FBI for labeling 'Juggalo' fans a gang
Alex Trebek raps Biggie, Beastie Boys, Dr. Dre lyrics on Jeopardy!
GOP memo tells members how to sound empathetic about the unemployed
Video shows Thames Valley PCSO who pulled over driver was then arrested himself.
CT man backs car into convenience store, steals a banana, then flees the scene
I'm taking a stand against peeing sitting down: From Sweden to Taiwan, there are growing calls for men to stop urinating while standing up.
Ky lawmaker fires gun in office, calls it mistake
Oklahoma man killed stepfather with 'atomic wedgie,' authorities say
atomic wedgie! On my local news stations F/B. You cant make this shit up!!!
Village hall cooker to be cleaned more often
Why are China and Japan accusing each other of being Voldemort?
Utah mom to give birth to daughter's daughter
Insane Clown Posse, Juggalos sue FBI over gang designation
Tech House DJ Plays Same Hi Hat & Kick Drum Sample For Five Hours - Drugged Crowd None the Wiser
U.S. government officially recognizes gamers as athletes
Spain's 47-story InTempo skyscraper built without elevator
Baker Ruins Bride's Big Day by Making Cake to Look Like Pile of Faeces with Flag Sticking out Saying 'Eat S***' after Bust-up
Court orders DNA test on cow to settle ownership dispute
'Gorgeous' Oklahoma Satanic monument now funded
Zambian Politician Arrested After Referring to President as a "Potato."
I'm A Juggalo, Not A Gang Member
Oklahoma Man Dies from Atomic Wedgie
Radio Disney promotes fracking to children with a music filled show called "Rocking in Ohio"
Cormac McCarthy's ex-wife busted after pulling gun from vagina during alien argument
Hip hop duo Insane Clown Posse sues US Justice, FBI over gang ID
Man Crashes Into Gas Station, Steals Banana, Leaves
Woman pulls a Gun Out of Her Vagina During an Argument About Aliens
Cold weather causes an escaped inmate to turn himself in
Woman caught sneaking into U.S. in suitcase
Man kills stepfather by 'atomic wedgie'
Seattle Seahawks sign 12-year-old to a 5 year deal.
FBI Mined Grocery Store Records to Find Iranian Terrorists, CQ Reports
Second 'StarCraft' star gets athlete visa to play in U.S.
Pregnant woman attacked roommate over butter, Volusia deputies say
Insane Clown Posse Team With ACLU to Sue FBI and Justice Department in Defense of Juggalos
NHL player injures himself while giving teammates a hug
Top Christie Staff Sought to Disrupt Traffic as Revenge
Man dies after stepson gives him "atomic wedgie" | FOX2now.com
McLoud Man Admits Killing Stepdad With "Atomic Wedgie"
Chinese Ambassador Invokes Voldemort In China-Japan Shrine Feud
Pizza Hut sold $1 million in pizzas through Xbox 360 in four months
Pennsylvania man seeks injunction, claiming San Diego Chargers shouldn't be in the playoffs (x-post r/nfl)
Voldemort invoked in China-Japan feud over shrine
Bill would allow chewing Pop-Tarts into gun shapes in Oklahoma schools
Pennsylvania man seeks injunction, claiming San Diego Chargers shouldn't be in the playoffs
Insane Clown Posse sues FBI
TV can boost self-esteem of white boys, study says
Man kills stepfather with "atomic wedgie"
Cormac McCarthy's Ex-Wife Uses Vagina As Gun Holster
Student Expelled in Oklahoma for Casting a Spell that "sickened" a teacher.
Bomb squad removes suspicious dildo, refuse to cuddle after.
Illinois governor candidate Bruce Rauner wants to lower Illinois minimum wage by $1 "to be competitive". (Crosspost from r/Chicago.)
Shaq confirms Shaq-Fu 2
Oklahoma man charged with 'atomic wedgie' murder of stepfather
Michigan Legislators Consider Making It More Difficult for Police to Steal
Gates Was Offended That Obama Thought He'd Write a Memoir (He writes in his memoir)
Oregon couple allegedly tries to tip for steak dinner with envelope full of meth, predictably gets arrested
'It Happens,' Says Kentucky Lawmaker Who Accidentally Fired Her Gun in the State Capital
Apartment Complex Declares War on Squirrels, Squirrel Sympathizers
Pat Robertson: Global warming is a scam because there are no SUVs on Jupiter
Massive Bronx Explosion Actually Just Fireworks Celebrating "Sopranos" Actor's Release From Prison: Gothamist
Great Investment: Noah's Ark Theme Park Bonds
Is the Penis Dangerous?
Insane Clown Posse suing FBI for labeling fans as gang members
Hitler's Mein Kampf sales soar online
Women Pulls Gun From Vagina After Dispute Over Space Aliens
Velveeta shortage just a small part of government's War on Cheese
Noah's Ark Risks Collapsing Without More Bond Buyers by February
NOKIA K60, PHIÊN BẢN ANTEN
Woman arrested on harassment charges after using 'proxy stalker'.
The Poverty Line Was Designed Assuming Every Family Had a Housewife Who Was a 'Skillful Cook'
Head of Saudi religious police slams 'extremist' preachers
Joyriding Chihuahua turns out to be a bad driver
I'm good at working with Jews, says Chinese tycoon who wants to buy WSJ
The Insane Clown Posse Is Suing the FBI for Labeling Juggalos a 'Gang'
Australian Man Stuck in Washing Machine - Freed by Police with Olive Oil
Half-naked heavily-pregnant burglar escapes over wall
Chicago's weather too cold for its resident polar bear
Bangkok van drivers block roads today to protest the blocking of roads on Monday
Bankrupt British National Party leader does his own cooking show.
Insane Clown Posse joins forces with the ACLU to sue the FBI
I'm good at working with Jews, says Chinese tycoon Chen Guangbiao who wants to buy WSJ
Naked man rescued from washing machine in Mooroopna, Victoria
Police Community Support Officer stops a driver. Ends up getting himself arrested for drink driving.
Chinese mogul says he has Jew smarts
Oklahoman given 'atomic wedgie' died from asphyxiation, trauma to head
People searching for rape porn are ending up on a women's rights site
What Beyoncé's album means for climate change
Confirmed: Teenage Boys Use Way, Way Too Much Body Spray
Peers block law on being annoying in public
Cops: Perp Had Loaded Derringer Stashed In Butt
Oklahoma man accused of killing stepfather with 'atomic wedgie'
New York politician files million-dollar lawsuit for 'Caribbean hex'
York University professor who refused student's request to be separated from female classmates broke 'obligation to accommodate': officials
The search is on for "The Banana Bandit" in New in gt on CT
Sorry, But Your Cat Is Actually A Total Jerk. It's Just Science.
Driver charged in fatal bicycle hit-and-run crash
Woman Pulls Gun From Vagina After Dispute Over Space Aliens: Cops
Oil rig worker sues over semen-laced food
If Your Name is Dennis, You're More Likely to Become a Dentist
Danish cinnamon rolls too spicy for EU rules
Okla. man accused of killing stepfather with 'atomic wedgie'
David Cameron's hairdresser awarded MBE
'Atomic wedgie' murder case: Oklahoma man accused of suffocating stepfather with his own underwear
Bus driver contests termination after Hello Kitty duct tape incident
Gatorade App Warned Kids to Avoid Drinking Water Because It's 'the Enemy'
Mein Kampf becomes an ebook bestseller
"Nasal Ranger" Smelloscope Will Save Denver From Stinky Pot
Replica Ark of the Covenant vexes Victoria couple [x-post /r/VictoriaBC]
BlackBerry Says Keyboards Are the Future
Student home from university 'cut off his own penis and stabbed his mother while high on mephedrone
Cormac McCarthy's Ex-Wife Arrested After Pulling Gun Out of Vagina During Argument About Aliens
Woman Pulls Gun From Vagina After Dispute Over Space Aliens
Scientists to create controlled nuclear meltdown in Japan
Rob Ford says Ottawa should look at decriminalizing marijuana, but Conservatives won't do it
Insane Clown Posse Sues FBI & Justice Dept.
Joyriding Chihuahua in Minor Crash in Spokane
Area Man Crashes Into Gas Station To Leisurely Eat Banana
Rodman apologises for North Korea outburst
Worms now have permit to eat trash at Charlotte airport
Nick Griffin stars in first cookery role as BNP TV chef offering 'traditional British fare'
BNP leader Nick Griffin tries his hand at cookery in beef stew video
Should Lil' Poopy, Rap's Latest Kid Sensation, Be in Da Club at Age 10?
Woman caused £220 worth of damage by biting a car when drunk
Fox News Guest Refers to Minimum Wage as 'Black Teenage Unemployment Act', Lower to '$4 an Hour'
Man killed by an Atomic Wedgie
Quebec Language Police Target Italian Eatery Over 'Pasta'
Judge orders $1 a month in child support for the next 1000+ year
Alleged drunken driver from tree: I'm an owl
Are Brainless Chickens the Solution to Animal Cruelty?
Man crashes into Conn. gas station, steals banana.
Robber who broke into hair salon is beaten by its black-belt owner and kept as a sex slave for three days... fed only Viagra
Man crashes into gas station, steals lone banana
Teenager Stabs Mother, Slices Off His Penis While High on Meow Meow
Christian upset over billboard
Student slices off penis after stabbing mother while high on meow meow
Woman Pulled Handgun Out Of Her Vagina During Fight With Boyfriend
Iowa company sues Google over photo on 'sexy executives' website
Steelers fan files injunction to remove Chargers from playoffs
Drunk man passes out at drive through; repeatedly tries to pay police officer for order
Military Channel Changes Name to American Heroes Channel
Man charged with 'atomic wedgie' murder of stepfather
Australian science agency apologises to little girl for failing to 'make her a dragon'.
James Inhofe interrupts Senate unemployment debate to blame climate change on God
Panhandlers require permit to beg for money.
Oklahoma man kills stepfather with atomic wedgie
Jennifer McCarthy Pulls Gun From Vagina After Dispute Over Space Aliens: Cops
Man Accused Of Skinning, Baking Pet Cat With Onions
Ex-wife of Pulitzer winning author pulls gun from vagina after dispute over space aliens
White House denies Gates' charge that Biden is often wrong
Mad Moose banned by British Horseracing Authority
Teenager Gets High On New Drug Called 'Meow Meow,' Stabs His Mother And Cuts His Dick Off
Toilet brush becomes city protest symbol
Minnesota Man Charged with Cooking His Cat.
Man killed via 'atomic wedgie'
Cormac McCarthy's ex-wife had a fight about aliens and then pulled a gun from her vagina
Two racehorses killed in head-on collision at Belmont
British sex expert says to parents: Stop forcing your kids to kiss grandpa!
Rob Ford vs. Marion Barry: Who said it best?
LeAnn Rimes in the spotlight again for laxative use as FDA warning sounded
Man seeks injunction, claims Chargers shouldn't be in playoffs
Invasive coconut rhinoceros beetle found at Pearl Harbor.
Peacock Escapes from Zoo, Freezes to Tree
Google wants to make you immortal (and Obamacare will pay for it)
Rep. Sally Kern is introducing a bill that keep Oklahoma schoolchildren from being punished for chewing their breakfast pastries into the shape of a gun.
Syrian islamist freedom fighters ban women's right to sit on chairs.
CSIRO Apologizes for Lack of Research on Dragons
Oklahoma man arrested after stepfather dies from 'atomic wedgie'
Police say man crashes car into Conn. gas station and eats stolen banana before fleeing
Scientists discover switch that turns on fat busting genes - and it's triggered by EXERCISE
Marilyn McKenna says Facebook banned her weight loss photo
Police Find Entire Jewelry Store Inside Teen's Rectum
Texas firefighter uses beer to put out tire blaze
Chile accidentally builds drawbridge upside down.
Inspired by Cuccinelli, Virginia Lawmaker Wants to Outlaw Oral Sex Between Teenagers
Mein Kampf topping Amazon ebook charts because it 'follows same trend' as 50 Shades of Grey
Rivals China and Japan deploy Harry Potter villain Voldemort in spat
Bitcoin Comes To Overstock After CEO Locks 40 People In A Room For A Week
Man Crashes Car into Conn. Gas Station, Steals Banana
Teen Slices Off Penis And Stabs Mother While High [NSFW]
Man dies due to Atomic Wedgie
Man accused of killing stepfather with 'atomic wedgie'
Amidst controversy, Duck Dynasty announces their final show
Student, 19, sliced off his own penis after stabbing his mother while high on meow meow and was found hanging out of a window with blood gushing from his groin
Death threats and denial for woman who showed college athletes struggle to read
Velveeta apologizes for 'Cheesepocalypse'
Father sentenced to 6 months in jail for paying too much child support
Policeman Who Arrested Man For Drunk Driving is Drunk
Government Owes 30,000 Indians Royalties for Land but Can't Find Them
Man Allegedly Kills Stepdad with 'Atomic Wedgie'
Bainbridge Island Mosque Vandalized with Words of Encouragement
Study: Heavy viewers of 'Teen Mom' and '16 and Pregnant' have unrealistic views of teen pregnancy
Scratching an itch feels like falling in love, researchers find.
Florida moves ahead with bill legalizing 'warning shots'
Convicted Walgreens' thief: "I feel like the victim"
It's Enough to Make You Cancel Your Reservation
Dad bites own child!
16-year legal battle over laptop reaches UK supreme court
Actually, Your Cat Thinks You Are a Giant Cat
Woman admits biting car after row in Aberystwyth
Lost boat 'intact' after 7000km drift to Madagascar
Starved and beaten 'slave' man is adopted son of UK's top anti-slavery expert
Slavery victim is son of 'anti-slavery' police officer
Scientists: Americans are becoming weather wimps
Bill Belichick Smiled Seven Times This Season
Married couple finds out they are brother and sister
Prison inmate suing NFL, says Steelers should be in playoffs instead of Chargers
Police: 'I'm an owl,' says drunken driver hiding in tree
Suspected Drunken Driver Crashes Car Then Orders Beer, Witnesses Say
Celebrity Big Brother's Lee Ryan says he has seen aliens and is 'from a different universe'
Scientists apologise for failing to make a girl a Dragon
White guy wins election by pretending he's black.
Nick Griffin is the new Jamie Oliver in BNP TV cookery programme
China abolishes its labour camps and releases prisoners
Shia LaBeouf retires from public life after plagiarism scandal sparks bizarre (also plagiarised) apology spree
But his transitions were flawless
UK Government will Subsidise Your Job in Porn
Man arrested after Google+ invitation violates restraining order
Chile builds bridge upside down
Man arrested after allegedly violating restraining order with Google Plus invitation
Family Discovers Insemination Switch After Tracing Genealogy
Woman sues - lawyer should have told her divorce would end her marriage
Man Jailed for Gmail Invite to Ex-Girlfriend
BBC News - #BBCtrending: The Egyptian puppet accused of being a terrorist
Homeless man not Whitesnake drummer after all
Man accused of stealing hand sanitizer to drink
Google Maps Brings Back 'Adolf Hitler Square'
Study: Gunshot wounds and blast injuries to the face are associated with significant morbidity and mortality
Fox contributor 'confirms' Islamists in White House: 'I haven't got their names exactly'
Canada's former defense minister says space aliens live among us, but hate our nukes.
Man runs for governor in bid to recover seized raccoon.
Man Attempts Sex With Train Drinks Cart, Fails
"I am very good at working with Jews," says Chinese tycoon trying to buy the New York Times/Wall Street Journal
Ex-Marine kills stepfather by atomic wedgie
Half of Congress Members Are Millionaires, Report Says
How Music Executives Created 'Black' Hip Hop For White Suburban Kids
Russian men cut off own ears after arm wrestling match
Pool Drained onto Road Results in Car Accidents
Mango with 'human face' causes fear and panic
Shia LaBeouf Tweets That He's Leaving Public Life
Would time travelers leave online traces?
Woman Sues Lawyers for Not Warning Her Divorce Would End Her Marriage
Woman Has Three-Hour Orgasm And Ends Up In A&E
Rajon Rondo skips D-League appearance due to bad dream
62 660 Google Maps Mistakenly Identifies Berlin Square as Adolf Hitler Platz
Rhian Jeremiah admits biting car after row in Aberystwyth
Online Gaming Is South Korea's Most Popular Drug
Some idiot in Alaska shot out an entire town's Internet service
Chile builds bridge upside down: Opening Day for a Landmark Draw-Bridge Will Have to Wait After Discovery That at Least One Deck Was Built Inverted
Man stabs woman for bringing him pizza instead of chicken
Police: In Cold, Escaped Inmate Turns Himself In
Drunk Child, 9, Brags About Smoking Pot And Drinking 18 Cans of Whiskey And Soda (Video)
Chihuahua's joyride ends with N. Spokane fender-bender
Candace Cameron Bure's 'Submissive' Role as Biblical Wife Draws Controversy, 'It is Meekness, it is not Weakness'
'The ogling factor' separates the women from the boys: Some women simply don't want to exercise in front of men, say gym owners
Man has spent 20 years and £80,000 on the world's biggest scratchcard collection - but refuses to find out if he's won anything
Pregnant woman attacked roommate over butter, deputies say
Ohio politician not sorry for incredibly racist email
On French TV, No Twerking Before 10
Man Owns 100,000 Lottery Tickets, Refuses to Scratch Them
Hoping for Craigslist Tryst, Man Robbed of Money, Sandwich
Portland pimp sues Nike for $100 million for lack of warning label after beating victim with Jordans
Egyptian puppet accused of being a terrorist
Father and son fight autism with karate
Shia LaBeouf Retires 'From All Public Life'
Dollar stores are now getting too expensive for many Americans
Japanese Diplomat Warns China to Not Become Asia's 'Voldemort'
China and Japan accuse each other of being like Harry Potter villain Lord Voldemort
Police find treasure trove in teen's bum
Congressmen Reveal Secret Report's Findings to Discredit Snowden
State alters 420 MM sign to thwart thieves
Bill Gates and KFC take over Africa
Obama Welcomes America's First Transgender Baby to White House
Snubbed Olympic players join Slovenian team, gain citizenship
Georgia GOPer Attacking Free School Lunch Expensed $4,200 In Meals
GOP Congressman Who Wants Poor Kids to Work for Lunches Accepts Thousands in Free Food
CDOT replaced 420 mile marker sign with 419.99 sign because pot heads kept stealing it.
Documents relating to the banking crisis go missing at Department of Finance
Australia's national science agency apologizes to girl for failing to create fire-breathing dragon
'Cyclists are more intelligent, charitable and cool than the average person' says study
York University Dean Supports Students' Religious Right To Aztec Human Sacrifice
Woman to give birth to own granddaughter in US
2 women face charges that they stabbed man at T station who asked them to stop rapping so loudly
Twerking Teen Flash mob robs store
A Story Of The Boston Marathon Bombing, As Told On Skates : NPR
Disneyland Mobbed By Dancing Families Protesting Police Killings
Woman sues solicitors because they 'did not explain that finalising her divorce would terminate her marriage'
Tupac Musical Coming to Broadway
US man jailed for 'unknowingly' sending Google+ invite to ex-girlfriend.
Harry Styles threatened by Mark Wahlberg: 'That little pr**k's gonna get it'
New Year Craigslist Missed Connection: Girl Searches for Boy Who Peed On Her and Ran Away
Man crashes into petrol station to steal a banana
Catarina Migliorini, who sold virginity for $780k, sells it again
Colorado Restaurant Pairs Foods And Weed Strains
Food Stamps At Pot Shops Could Be Banned Under Colo. Bill
Coinye responds to Kanye complaint, says currency now based on 'half-man half-fish hybrid'
Couple Give Waitress Drugs As A Tip
South African preacher makes congregation eat GRASS to be closer to God
Report money laundering, get a Reward
The Colorado Department of Transportation replaces 420 mile marker sign with 419.99 sign because of thieves
Wall St. Shock: Take a Day Off, Even a Sunday
Mile Marker 420 Becomes 419.99 to Thwart Thieves
Woman's Intense 3-Hour Orgasm Lands Her In The Hospital
Colorado running out of pot... just one week after legalization
'Paranoia Is the Mother-in-Law of Invention,' Puppet Accused of Terror in Egypt Tells BBC
Dad Overpays Child Support and Still Winds Up in Jail
Massive Uproar Over The Teenager Who Won Freedom In A Drunk Driving Case By Arguing He Was Too Wealthy For Prison
Lawyers sued for not advising woman that divorce would end her marriage
NJ Democrat lawmaker on traffic scandal: 'I do think laws have been broken'
A Story Of The Boston Marathon Bombing, As Told On Skates
Thief crashes into store, steals single banana
Colorado replaces 420 mile marker with 419.99 after multiple thefts
Winner of crime novel prize turns out to be killer
Blowback for Disney As Pro-Fracking Elementary School Tour Exposed
Utah Mom To Give Birth To Her Own Granddaughter
Loudoun names Andrew Beacham, who once tore pages out of Koran, to library board
Police Search for Alleged Swiss Cheese Pervert
Twerking teens face charges after ambushing, robbing Texas store
'Swiss Cheese Pervert' terrorizes Mayfair
Father sentenced to 6 months in jail for paying too much child support -- Society's Child -- Sott.net
Philadelphia Searching For Swiss Cheese Masturbator.
Pissed Connections: Girl Writes Glorious Craigslist Post to Man Who Peed on Her and Ran Away "You peed on me but it's OK!"
Dog poop links car burglar to break-in
'Swiss Cheese Pervert' terrorizes Philadelphia neighborhood
Bigfoot Is Wandering Michigan Man's Property And Eating Pizza, He Claims In Police Report
Rep. Louie Gohmert On Why He Joined Congress: I Wanted to Stop Single Moms from Getting Welfare
Justin Bieber under investigation in egging of neighbor's home
Pissed Connections: Girl Writes Glorious Craigslist Post to Man Who Peed on Her and Ran Away
Pimp sues Nike for not warning shoes could be dangerous if used to beat people
'Humans evolved after a female chimpanzee mated with a pig': Extraordinary claim made by American geneticist
Canada's Former Defense Minister Goes Public Claiming 'Aliens Are Real
Scooby Doom: Puppy blows up owners' house after chewing through can of deodorant
Police: Man stabs girlfriend over her bringing home wrong food
Alabama State University and New President Agree to Contract Forbiding Lovers From Staying Overnight
Blind man shot drinking buddy dead in self-defence, court rules
New ASU President Not Allowed To Have Lovers Spend The Night
Multiple orgasms on floor of parliament
Pimp sues Nike for not labeling shoes 'dangerous'
'Mile 420' marker replaced in Colorado after repeated thefts from pot fans
Police Are Closing In On The Banana Bandit, They Say
A Fork? De Blasio's Way of Eating Pizza Is Mocked
Comment: The Home Office admits it has no idea if the war on drugs is working
Portland's Congressman Kind Of Thought Portlandia Was a Documentary
Man stabs woman for bringing home pizza instead of chicken sandwich
US House passed bill ravaging toxic-waste law - on same day as W. Virginia chemical spill
Woman Shoots Brother During Discussion Over Whether Gun Would Fire
The Egyptian puppet accused of being a terrorist
Man has cockroach pulled from ear in 10-minute procedure because he didn't want it in there.
Disaster: Progressive New York Mayor Eats Pizza With Fork
Scientists create cheese from human toe bacteria
Banks Say No to Marijuana Money, Legal or Not
Convicted pimp to sue Nike for not warning that their shoes could deadly weapon
Richard Dawkins Doesn't Exist, Claim Christians
Investigator: "I think laws have been broken"
Middle East cinemagoers bemoan lack of swearing in The Wolf of Wall Street
Man fatally beaten and stabbed in chess match row - Crime & Law News from Ireland & Abroad | The Irish Times
London pigeon droppings inspire broach-maker
Dallas Safari Club auctions off permit to hunt endangered black rhinos for $350,000 to raise money to save the animals
Anti-racist forum only for non-white victims of racism
The fake war on grandma kisses
Police Captain On Paid Leave For 2 Years
Florida's largest gun dealer bans gun rentals after suicides
Castleknock killing was "over a game of chess"
Spies to be allowed to break speed limit
Science Finally Proves What We've Known All Along: Cats Are Dicks
The Devil's Toilet Paper? Polish Priest Condemns Unholy Loo Roll
South Korea to China: Change the Word You Use for Kimchi
Woman At Red Light Hit By Car Driven By Chihuahua
Pimp sues Nike for $100m for not warning that sneakers can be a weapon
Philadelphia Police Looking for Swiss Cheese Pervert in Mayfair
Pope Francis tells mothers to breastfeed if they want inside Sistine Chapel
Petition alleges Carleton University cryogenically freezes chimps
Teenage mob twerk while robbing convenience store.
Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm leaves £1.8million estate in his will
Father pays outstanding child support, still gets jail time
Giuliani Compares Bridge Scandal To Benghazi, IRS Controversies
Portland Pimp Sues Nike for $100 Million for Lack of Warning Label
Colorado changes 'Mile 420' highway marker to stymie stoner heists
IOC member: Corruption took 1/3 of Sochi spending
Boy Hospitalized After Parrot Bite
U.S. Navy Mistakenly Emails Reporter Plans To Dodge FOIA Requests
Midlands couple who booked 'bargain' £800 flights to the Caribbean are turned away at airport because their ticket was actually from Birmingham in Alabama
Marijuana case filings plummet in Colorado following legalization
New York City planning to use a new, more progressive handicapped symbol
Egyptian Religious Endowments Ministry Official: The Pigs Living Today Are Descended from Jews
Black rhino hunting permit sold at conservation auction
A Google Programmer 'Blew Off' A $500,000 Salary At Startup - Because He's Already Making $3 Million Every Year
Record Label Asks Google to Censor Artists' Twitter Accounts
Kyrgyz Sex Video: You Can Leave Your Mufti Hat On
Iranian man goes 60 years without a bath
Breastfeed babies if you want, pope tells mothers in Sistine Chapel
Cocaine ends up in German supermarkets after smugglers make 'logistical mistake'
'No Pants Subway Ride' kicks off with train commuters around the world stripping off
Missing dog in Spokane, Wash. ransomed for $60
Another Stunning Hubble Pic of a Vast Cloud of Gas and dust
So... There's a Tupac Musical Coming To Broadway
Seattle fans generated earthquake
Insane Clown Posse sues FBI over gang designation
Former Pastor Decides To Spend A Year Without God
A PIMP is suing Nike for $US100 million ($111 million) after being convicted of brutally stomping a man while wearing a pair of Air Jordans.
Jack Kingston Says There's 'No Such Thing As Free Lunch,' But Gets Free Lunch All The Time
Colorado Stoners Keep Stealing Mile Marker 420, to be replaced with Marker 419.99
Man Steals Truck To Get To Court For Other Stolen Car Case
Pastor Decides To Try Out Atheism.
Southwest Airlines plane lands at wrong Missouri airport
Pope Francis encourages breastfeeding in Sistine Chapel (x-post r/worldnews)
New York City woman shocked to see 'Negro' as an option on juror form
Vampire Facials: A New Trend?
Boyhood effeminacy and later homosexuality
Matthew McConaughey wins Golden Globe for BEST ACTOR- DRAMA.
Chinese scientists 'Increasingly confident' about invisibility cloak after making cat dissappear
Teen 'Twerking' During Gas Station Mob Scene Speaks Out
South Shore woman fatally shoots 65-year-old relative during argument about if the gun would fire | Homicide Watch Chicago
Nobody stopped Bill Turnbull the night he turned himself into a battering ram and slammed his head repeatedly into a concrete wall.
The Most Outrageous Police Misconduct Stories of 2013
Clown Sets Dove On Fire While The Children Scream
German Minister Pledges Family-Friendly Military
Mentally ill double amputee in wheelchair shot dead by police for waving a shiny penny in the air.
'Atomic Wedgie' Kills Oklahoma Man, Police Say
Woman tries to sue lawyers because they failed to tell her a divorce settlement would end her marriage
Ay! Caramba! Obamacare Spanish Language Website Working About as Well as You'd Expect
Marine biologist to be sentenced in feeding orcas
Black Dogs Are Adopted Less Often
Woman Arrested For Pulling Gun From Genitals and Aiming It At Boyfriend After Argument About Aliens
School invests in drone technology to patrol exam halls and stop cheats
Eating off the Floor: How Clean Living Is Bad for You
Man held in Dublin over 'ritualistic chess killing'
Police: Man Armed With Fork Robs Bristol Gas Station
Nigerian Pastor Tries to Walk on Water Like Jesus, Then Drowns in Front of His Congregation
John Kerry's gift to Russian counterpart? Two 'impressive' Idaho potatoes
Catholic sues her lawyers for negligence after discovering that divorce had ended her marriage
This Toothbrush Is A Vibrator You Stick In Your Mouth
A New Rule For The Workplace: 'Hug Sparingly'
Will the Teletubbies bring down the North Korean government?
Pimp sues Nike for not labeling shoes 'dangerous' | thv11.com
Christians Eat Grass To Get Closer To God
Snowden Documents Proving "US-Alien-Hitler" Link Stun Russia
Man's sex with 11-year-old not abusive, Italian court rules (cross-post r/worldnews)
Pimp Sues Nike For $100 Million Because His Jordans Weren't Labeled As Dangerous Weapons When He Stomped A Man's Face
Christie Urges Media to Focus on Weight
Peace talks attempting to broker South Sudan ceasefire resume in nightclub, located in hotel bassment.
Peace talks attempting to broker South Sudan ceasefire resume in nightclub located in hotel basement.
It looks like teenagers are writing my local news paper
Syria's civil war being fought with fighters high on drugs
Pastor Holds One-Minute Church Service In Order To Make 49ers' Kickoff
Canadian woman develops Scottish accent after concussion
Iranian news agency says the U.S. is secretly run by Nazi space aliens.
Anonymous Hacker Who Exposed the Steubenville Rapists Gets More Prison Time Than Rapists
Medicare overpaying millions on 'erection pumps' - report
Heart Attack Grill "spokesperson" dies from heart attack, owner says
Could This Christian Horror Film About a Demon-Possessed Porn Magazine Be 'The Room' of 2014?
Beware Of The 5 lb. Bag Of Sugarless Gummy Bears On Amazon.com
Man charged with killing landlord over disputed chess move
MTV's '16 and Pregnant' helped reduce teenage birthrate, study says
Sirgiorgiro Clardy: Oregon pimp to sue Nike over 'dangerous' trainers he used as weapons
Supervolcanoes: another thing to worry about
How Bitcoin Is Like North Korea - Business Insider
PD: Man holds up Bristol store with fork
Man with seven-week-long erection treated at Dublin hospital
Police: Man sets fire to house in Penn Hills after fight over sausage
Poo cake in bad taste, says shocked sister
Woman rushed to hospital after 3 hour orgasm
Fetish expert says Philly's "Swiss Cheese Pervert" could be dangerous.
Seahawks refuse to sell NFC title game tickets to Californians
Man cured of erection that lasted seven weeks in Dublin hospital (ex post r/Ireland)
Brit Hume: Gov. Christie Victim of 'Feminized Atmosphere'
Man shoots another man for texting in a movie theater.
Fearing 49ers Fans, Seahawks Ban NFC Championship Ticket Sales To Californians
Ghost Hunters Burn Down Historic Mansion.
Women on mobility scooter delivers fake bomb to a charity office at 4am
iPotty: iPad Hits Potty Training
Nick Clegg: I could take Ed Balls in a fight
California's Pot Farms Could Leave Salmon Runs Truly Smoked
Philadelphia police search for 'Swiss Cheese Pervert' who offers women money to watch him touch himself with cheese
Man shot and killed for texting during Florida movie
Texting Triggers Fatal Movie Theater Shooting
China to build replica Titanic ship and simulate hitting the iceberg and sinking as an attraction ride
Scientist claims that your cat thinks you're an overgrown, clumsy idiot of a cat
Father Sentenced For Paying Too Much Child Support
US government run by Nazi space aliens since 1945 reports Iranian Fars News
Report: Government spent millions on penis pumps, paid double retail price
Man, 39, 'stabbed to death in row over chess move'
Man Admits Eating Landlord's Heart at End of Year-Long Chess Game
Chess murder: Lodger admits to butchering landlord as victim's lung removed during horrific killing
Sheriff's department looking for suspect
Southwest Airlines jet lands at the wrong airport
Man sues Jennifer Lopez for 'tricking him into sending her naked photos of himself'
Jennifer Lopez sued: Man claims she demanded naked photos
TD Bank files lawsuit to have mentally disabled daughter removed from her mother's care.
Syrian peace talks yield potato diplomacy
Gun with squash for silencer used in robbery
Man attempts to eat opponent's heart over chess match
Breast Shaped Potato Discovered In Leicestershire Farm Shop
Ex-Officers Found Not Guilty in Kelly Thomas' Beating Death
First Confirmed "Squaids" Case.
Kanye West Beat Up A Guy Who Called Kim Kardashian A 'N****r Lover
GOP honoring MLK Jr. and Abe Lincoln by raffling off an assault rifle
Lion Mutilates 42 Midgets in Cambodian Ring-Fight
A hard day's grind for porn's professionals: A shift at the coal face of Japan's huge adult film industry reveals a job like any other - except for the sex part.
'Atomic Wedgie' Death: Man On Murder Charge
Now You Can Buy Pope Francis's Harley
Retired cop guns down man for texting at Florida movie
Potato ambassador finds boob-shaped spud
Russell Simmons' Twitter gaffe: Mistaking late Ariel Sharon for his 'good friend' Peres
Pimp sues Nike for failing to warn him not to stomp client's face with their shoes
Juicy J Awards $50K "Twerking Scholarship" to Non-Twerker
Pimp sues Nike for not labeling shoes as dangerous.
Man shot dead in Florida movie theatre in texting spat
South Korea demands that China change their word for Kimchi.
Chris Christie Is Just Too 'Muscular' and 'Masculine' for This 'Feminized' World, Says Fox News Host
Jairam Singhal Believes Drinking Cow Urine Controls His Diabetes
How They Make Lingerie Models Look So Good
New Obamacare Ads Use Party Girls, Bloody Kids And Keg-Stands (Again) To Sell Insurance
Multnomah County GOP raffling AR-15 to "Two great Republicans," MLK and Abraham Lincoln.
Margaret Thatcher Day Bill 2013-14
A hard day's grind for porn's professionals.
Medicare overpaying millions on 'erection pumps,' report says
Argument over texting leads to fatal shooting at movie theater
Nick Clegg: I could go toe to toe with Ed Balls in a fight
Fox to Bring 'Magic: The Gathering' to the Big Screen
Mayor Rob Ford insists he's stopped drinking in wake of nightclub visit
Norwegian hunter misses moose, shoots man on toilet
Penis pumps cost U.S. government millions, watchdog cries waste
Florida Man Is Shot to Death for Texting During Movie Previews
Japanese man arrested for covering school girls in mayonnaise.
Is '16 And Pregnant' An Effective Form Of Birth Control?
Kim Dotcom Plans To Launch Political "Megaparty" In New Zealand
Teenager heartbroken after pregnant pet sheep Moppet beheaded and butchered in Longton field
Owner: Dead chickens being left at NM cemetery
Police: Pa. man stole sanitizer to make cocktails
Carrier pigeon moves data faster than South Africa internet service provider Telkom
Florida man shot dead in cinema texting row
Cyclist left with 7-week erection after accident
China jails doctor for selling babies [Al Jazeera]
Cyclist had seven week erection after injury his penis on crossbar of his bike
Paignton Zoo monkeys banned from eating bananas
Foot-loving cat burglar nicks THREE THOUSAND individual socks
Study: kids are getting beat up at school
A Real Rough Ride: Irish lad left with seven-week erection following mountain bike crash
Dude, where's my North Sea oil money?
Colorado replaces marker 420 with 419.99 to foil 'weed enthusiasts'
Man murdered in brutal attack over a game of chess.
Rapper 50 Cent Isn't Impressed by Minecraft
Mitt Romney Lets Loose At A Conference And Does A Hoedown Onstage
Atheist Afghan granted religious asylum in UK
"16 and Pregnant" led to a reduction in teen births in the 18 months following its introduction.
Taxpayers Paid Nearly $175M for Penis Pumps Between 2006 and 2011
Penis pumps cost U.S. government millions, watchdog cries waste | Reuters
Six Years After Chemical Ban, Fewer Female Snails Are Growing Penises
Trousers double as a drumkit
Parrot rats out drunk driver to cop, squawking, "he's drunk!" driver to cops
Man treated for seven week-long erection after bike crash
Man fatally shot at Florida theater over texting
Breaking: ESP Still Bullshit, Say Scientists
Feds: Blue Meth Seen in New Mexico
Jokes about killing Californians totally kill it at a Texas rally
Justin Bieber's house raided by cops over egg-throwing incident at neighbor's home
'Absolutely Crazy': Man Killed In Movie Theater For Texting?
Woman Tries to Sue Attorney because they didn't Inform her that her Divorce Would Cause her Marriage to End
Deputies search Justin Bieber's house in egg-throwing probe
Penis Pumps Cost US Government $172 Million from 2006 to 2011
Justin Bieber's house raided by cops over egg-throwing incident at neighbor's home - Daily News
We're Raffling Off An AR-15 Again! [x-post from /r/Portland]
Monkeys banned from eating bananas at Devon zoo
Book News: Prize-Winning Mystery Writer Is Also A Murderer
Deputies search Justin Bieber's California mansion for evidence in egging incident
'Extinct' Shark Found -at Fish Market
Seahawks fans willing to barter guns, pot, pinball for tickets
Akbar Zib, Pakistani Diplomat, Rejected In Saudi Arabia Because Name Means 'Biggest Dick' In Arabic
Expectant Parents Letting Internet Vote On Name Of Baby, "Cthulhu All-Spark" Now In 1st Place
US run by Nazi space aliens, Iran claims
First Land-Walking Fish Looks Like It Had 'All-Wheel Drive'
Police say beach 'finger' actually seaweed
Retired cop shoots, kills man over texting
Gisele Bundchen Defends Riding ATV With Baby and No Helmets
Zhirinovsky Tells Party Members to Have Less Sex | News
Colorado Removes "420" Mile Marker
Kanye West trying to sue anonymous creators of cryptocurrency "coinye west" and Amazon for use of his face
Milepost 420 on Colorado's I-70 becomes mile 419.99 after frequent thefts of roadside sign
Port Townsend man crafts rap song in honor of Seahawks
'Wishful Thinking': Limbaugh Wants Obama to Cheat on Michelle
Cops Raid Justin Bieber's House Over Alleged Egg Assault, Leads To Cocaine Bust Of Bieber Buddy
Conservation group backs killing rhino for cash
Owl forces her owner to watch movies that she hates
The Simpsons apologise for calling Judas Priest 'death metal'
Monkeys banned from eating bananas
Mountain Bike Crash Causes 7-Week Erection
'Yes We Eat Grass and We're Proud of It,' Say Congregants Who Were Convinced by 'Miracle' Working Preacher
Snowden files prove U.S. run by Nazi aliens, Iran says
Saudi religious cops tell women not to use swings
Mississippi GOP Senate Candidate Complained There Aren't Enough Muslim Movie Villains
Chess murder: Victim's lung was removed and has not been located
Hull mum raped in front of son and told by attacking boyfriend: 'I'm Muslim and you must obey me'
Penis pumps draining Medicare of millions
A Pimp Is Suing Nike For Not Warning That His Shoes Could Be Used As Weapons
Police say beach 'finger' is actually seaweed
The NSA can't tell Bernie Sanders if it's spying on him because that would violate his privacy
NSA Officials Hate Ed Snowden With A Passion
Saverio Bellante Kills Landlord Tom O'Gorman Over Chess Game, Tries To Eat Heart: Cops
Was 'cannibal killing' triggered by illegal chess move? Italian 'knifed Irish landlord to death and ate his lung in row over king manoeuvre'
The Pope is Selling His Harley-Davidson
Texting argument leaves one dead, another hurt in movie theater shooting
Saverio Bellante charged with the murder of Tom O'Gorman in chess row
Woman sues divorce attorneys for ending her marriage
Virginia bill seeks to criminalize celebratory gunfire
Japanese fisherman regrets roughing up giant squid.
Does drinking during pregnancy lead to better behaved kids?
Bigfoot Sighting: Man Asks For Help From Police
Wyoming lawmaker Bruce Burns proposes death by firing squad if lethal injection is unavailable."I consider, frankly, the gas chamber to be cruel and unusual, so I went with firing squad because they also have it in Utah" Burns said.
Man killed over texting in a movie theater
Man accused of breaking church windows with samurai sword
Titanic museum, shipwreck simulator to anchor Chinese theme park
Bo Bergman's "Shut down the Internet" letter goes viral in Sweden
Fan kills black metal singer for not being Satanic enough
College Coed Twerk-off Is JustWhat You'd Expect
Japanese Population Decline Due to Porn?
Choco Pie: North Korea's most coveted snack
Elderly man told to stop shooting down icicles.
Two men robbed of their marijuana in Westlake after practicing medieval swordfighting, police said
Intrepid modder builds "Hackintosh" Mac Pro replica inside a real trashcan
Runner Knocked Out by 'Flying' Deer: 'Im Surprised I Made it Out Alive' - Around Town
Murder victims have PTSD (x-post from [/r/psychology(http://www.reddit.com/r/psychology)
Study: Your friends really are happier, more popular than you
Shaquille O'Neal Claims President Obama Ruined Rajon Rondo's Jump Shot
Church-goers are less likely to shoplift, take drugs and download music illegally
Two men robbed of their marijuana in Cleveland suberb after practicing medieval swordfighting
Cops tell man, 80, to stop shooting icicles from roof
Man who lost thumb gets big toe as replacement
Kickstarter Needs A Sexual Awakening
Member of Mayors Against Illegal Guns Jailed for Gun-Related Crime
Police captain kills man for texting at movies
Utah sperm bank employee swapped client sperm with his own
Elderly Man In Suburban Chicago Asked To Please Stop Shooting Down Icicles On His Home
Justin Bieber house raided by police looking for eggs, drugs found
Police tell 80-year old: stop shooting down icicles
The Simpsons apologise for calling Judas Priest 'death metal' | News
Parrot rats out driver to cops at alcohol checkpoint: 'He's drunk!'
Tennis player Frank Dancevic sees Snoopy on court and then collapses at Australian Open
Kanye West files lawsuit against digital currency
Penis pumps cost US government millions
Iranian press: Snowden docs prove aliens who built Nazi subs also control U.S. foreign policy
Teacher 'slices' student with knife for science
Outlaw bull floored by cunning vodka cocktail
Queens McDonald's Terrorized by Senior Citizens -- Daily Intelligencer
14-year-old Little Leaguer sued by coach for celebrating win
Majority of New Jerseyans think Chris Christie is honest and trustworthy
Cops send unconscious man for postmortem in Jharkhand(India)
Home Office staff rewarded with gift vouchers for fighting off asylum cases
Ministry For Cows To Be Established In India
Man fatally shot at Fla. theater over texting
Empire State Building files $1-million lawsuit against photographer over topless photos
Swedish senior finds online fame with anti-Internet letter
Steve Jobs' Doctor Wants to Teach You the Formula for Long Life
Combined saloon and shooting range will opening soon in Deadwood SD.
Scientist: Cats Think Their Owner is an Overgrown Oaf of a Cat
NY Mayor Bill de Blasio eats pizza with fork against the norm of "hands only"
Report: Saints DC Rob Ryan needs haircut if he wants to be head coach
Man Posts Video Of His Marijuana Garden On YouTube, Gives Name And Address, Gets Arrested
Man Shoots Self In Chin While Taking Off Pants
'Homeland' Is Sending Signals for the CIA, Say Conspiracy Theorists in Turkey
Penis pump prices inflated as US government spends $172 million on devices
Man found with pipe bomb at Edmonton airport allowed to fly.
Federal agents say Breaking Bad-inspired blue meth is on the rise in New Mexico
Cleveland police chase begins on horseback, ends on train
Iran Says 'Tall, White' Space Aliens Control America
Dwarves show high turnout in referendum
Florida Man Somehow Manages to Ruin Pizza
Virginia GOP candidate says spousal rape isn't a crime if she is "wearing a nightie"
Photo of Cubs mascot with penis aired on live TV by CSN
Philadelphia Man Harrassing Women to Masturbate Him With Swiss Cheese
Burdensome Indonesian school curriculum blamed for teen sex video
Michele Bachmann: 'Obamacare Is The Health Care Version Of Snapchat'
GOP takes spending bill negotiating cues from Alex Jones and WorldNetDaily
State acknowledges it had no plan for Freedom spill
Porn star fears illegal O sized breasts could kill her
Romanians in no rush to move to 'racist' UK
Birds fly in 'V' formation to save energy
China Builds A New Wall Out Of Money
Accused theater shooter was "in fear" after popcorn thrown.
UK Ostrich loose: RSPCA warns not to approach dangerous bird
North Miami Beach Man Fatally Shot After Fight Over Utensils Breaks Out at Baptism Party
These senior citizens will not stop spending all day in the McDonald's and it's sure annoying the restaurant
The New York Times Had a Mistake on Its Front Page Every Day for More Than a Century
Japanese 'ninja pickpocket' arrested in Rome metro.
Stoneville man fought fire with hammer
A McDonald's In Queens Is At War With A Group Of Elderly Men Who Refuse To Leave
Single cinder block was used to contain toxic chemical prior to mass W. Virginia spill
Huge Art Installation at J.F.K. Airport Faces Possible Destruction
Even President Obama Thinks That Facebook Isn't Cool Anymore
Pricey Penis Pumps Cost Medicare Millions
Kristen Stewart to Star in Romantic Adaptation of "1984" With Jennifer Lawrence's Boyfriend Nicholas Hoult
Wardrobe malfunction: Stoney Creek man shoots himself in chin while taking off pants
More than 20 items?! Walmart customer attacks
Korean company aims to reduce victims of "fan death" with fanless cooling for gamers
Little League Coach Sues Player for $500k for Accidentally Hitting Him With Helmet
Texting Argument In Theater Ends In Fatal Shooting
Rolling Stone: David Crosby 'Stoked' About New Album
Fine Gael calls for open source browser crackdown.
Ostrich races traffic at 40mph in small English town causing chaos on the roads.
Injured Mountain Biker Endures Seven-Week Erection
'Swiss Cheese Pervert' terrorizes Philadelphia asking women to perform sexual acts on him using a slice of fromage
Some Kickstarter terms more likely to work, research finds. The term Cat is one of the most successful terms
Peyton Manning Could Make $1.3 Million If He Changes His 'Omaha' Call To 'Omaha Steaks'
Archduke Franz Ferdinand descendant: don't blame us for First World War
U.S. Government and Top Mexican Drug Cartel Exposed as Partners (x-post from r/politics)
Breaking Bad Comes True: Blue Meth On Rise in New Mexico
University investigates Utah clinic's sperm mix-up
Congressman's New Jobs Plan: Deny Women Access to Abortion So They Can Make More Babies
U.S. Government and Top Mexican Drug Cartel Exposed as Partners
'Pregnant schoolgirls pelted with eggs' on school bus in north Belfast
A Penny Stock Called Nestor Just Surged 1900% Because People Confused It With The Company That Google Bought
Gabe Newell posts on Reddit gaming, is ignored.
It got so cold so quickly in this Norwegian bay that it froze a bunch of fish swimming in it
Unicycling Darth Vader has upgraded to flaming bagpipes
GOP Congressional Candidate: Spousal Rape Shouldn't Be a Crime
DNA test to be done after NJ casket had wrong body
Kristen Stewart and Nicholas Hoult to star in romantic 1984 remake
Female Sea Snails No Longer Growing Penises Thanks to Ban on Toxic Chemical
Plastic surgery app for nine-year-olds sparks outrage on Twitter
Anonymous group launches Kanye West inspired religion 'Yeezianity'
Dead boy stays dead
Court told 'cowboy' nightclub boss was kidnapped by three lapdancers wearing miniskirts and stilettos
NSA Says It Can't Search Its Own Database To See If It Spied On Congress
Kristen Stewart to star in romantic remake of '1984'
TD fears that arrival of water charges could lead to less washing
Comedians Have Psychotic Personality Traits, Study Finds
GOP Senate Candidate Complained of Lack of Muslim Movie Villains
CSN airs anatomically-correct picture of Cubs mascot with penis on live TV
4 kittens pull 'break-in' at upstate New York prison
Porn Star May Die If She Doesn't Remove Her Gigantic Breasts: LAist
Oregon Elementary School Nixes Pay-to-Pee Policy
Westminster dog show adding mongrels to the mix
Man dressed as penis arrested after interrupting graduation
Florida Man Who Shot Movie-Texter May Use "Stand Your Ground" Defense
Jesus returns to Wenonah church after Christmas theft
Pharmacy thefts tied to 'Purple Drank'
Man Killed During Argument Over Texting at Movie Theater
Thieves try to steal Sigmund Freud's ashes in London
Lovable Jerks Refuse to Leave Local McDonald's
GOP Congressman: Limiting Abortion 'Promotes Job Creation'
Little League Coach Is Suing His Player for More Than $500,000
Johnny Knoxville's 'Bad Grandpa' could win an Oscar
Brazilian motorist drove almost four miles with dead cyclist sticking out of his windshield
Olga Zajac kept salon robber as a sex slave for 3 days force fed with viagra
Seattle woman ate only Starbucks food for a year
Obama's NSA speech on anniversary of Eisenhower's military industrial complex warning
Former police chief arrested for stealing 51 bottles of liquor
Detectives Search Bieber Home in Egg-Tossing Case
South Korea's New Internet Trend? Dinner Porn.
Victim of Dog-Authorized Anal Assault Receives $1.6 Million Settlement
Man uses stun gun on his wife to settle bet on Monday Night Football game
Alabama university limits president's love life
Obama NSA speech on anniversary of Eisenhower warning
Patient dies following cardiac arrest after paramedics lose keys to the ambulance
Fed Says Beef May or May Not Be Getting More Expensive
New Giant 3D Printer Can Build a House in 24 Hours
Man, 87, died of cardiac arrest after paramedics lost keys to ambulance
Apple Will Pay $32.5 Million To Parents Whose Kids Purchased Digital Content Without Their Consent
Ryan Tannehill's wife returns rental car, forgets AR-15 rifle in the back seat
White Alberta teen caught with pipe bomb at Edmonton airport allowed to board flight
Apple Pays $32.5 Mil. To Parents Who Didn't Consent
Drunk Driver Busted After Pet Parrot Squawks to Police
Louie Gohmert: Judges legalizing same-sex marriage need 'plumbing lessons'
Online dating: Man lasts just two hours as a woman on dating site
Tortoise beats hare in skiing competition
Car dealership employee bitten by customer's spider monkey.
San Jose Woman Duped Out Of $500K In Nigerian Online Dating Scam
Little League Coach Sues 14-Year-Old Player For More Than $500,000 | Little League
'Idol' Takes A Hugely Unexpected Step Toward Being Much Less Terrible
Meet The 17-Year-Old Who Blew The Lid Off Racial Profiling With His iPod
Zuni's Nectarine Dessert Leaves Something To Be Desired
Would-Be Burglar Thwarted After Pulling Door Marked 'Push'
Mexican Drug Lord Arrested Thanks to His Instagram Posts
Off with her problem bits! iTunes release plastic surgery app for kids
American Apparel Pubic Hair Mannequins Stop Pedestrians In Their Tracks (PHOTOS)
'Back Door Teen Mom' announces Christian parenting book
Would-be carjackers thwarted by manual transmission
Australian Open-Snoopy hallucination: Officials suspend play for heat after player blacks out, sees Snoopy.
Police beat deaf senior citizen for disobeying verbal commands.
Police called to duke's estate plagued by groups of dogging men dressed in PVC, fairy wings and tutus
Coach suing 14-year-old over Little League Baseball celebration
Chinese Porn Junkie Nearly Dies After Putting Eel in His Own Butt
Porn star's O-cup breasts could kill her unless she has a mastectomy
Event hall cancels MLK Day 'freedom 2 twerk' event
Vomit fee proposed for Toronto's taxi cabs
Area Man Hiding Secret Phil Collins Obsession
Woman crashes car while shaving bikini area
Russia Criticizes EU for Human Rights Violations
40,000 pounds of chicken spill onto DeKalb interstate ramp
Protester Unloads Horse Manure in front of French National Assembly
Woman denied right to breastfeed at Victoria's Secret store
A huge pile of shit has been dumped outside the French National Assembly to protest against Hollande & the politcal elite. (x-post /r/worldnews)
Inmate Takes More Than 15 Minutes To Die During New Lethal Injection Execution
Children can turn off net filters, report finds
Airport security officers tried to give teenager his pipe bomb back ... before letting him board flight, video reveals
80-Year-Old Iranian Man Hasn't Bathed in 60 Years | Smokes Feces
American Apparel mannequins now have pubic hair
Pig spleen prognosticator of the Prairies carries on family tradition
Police Arrest Philadelphia's Infamous Swiss Cheese Masturbator
Woman goes five years without using shampoo
Passenger allowed onto flight after security confiscate his bomb
Woman to expand Portland cuddle business, hire staff
A huge pile of shit has been dumped outside the French National Assembly to protest against Hollande & the politcal elite.
Police: Pa. man propositioned women with cheese
Prosecutors: Dispute With Wife Might Have Prompted Man To Blow Up House
'Swiss Cheese Pervert' suspect arrested
Lawsuit: Toothpaste didn't get me any women
Babies do fake cry to get attention according to research
Woman Loves Sucking Dirty Diapers
Farmer Dumps Large Pile of Crap on French Parliament
Amsterdam Pays Alcoholic Workers In Beer
Little League Coach Suing 14-Year-Old Says He'll Drop Suit For Apology
Here's why you don't actually want to cuddle a panda
Amsterdam Alcoholics Given Beer To Clear Litter
School lockdown prompted by TV station "testing" security
American Apparel Mannequins Have Big Bushy Pubes Now
Lonely Florida Guy Sought In Theft Of $300 Jenna Jameson Sex Doll
Investigation Into Spilled Milk
Overweight Americans who pick diet drinks eat more food: study
Twilight, Black Metal Supergroup Featuring Thurston Moore, Announce Album, Share Track, Break Up
BlackBerry: We Just Sold 1,000 Phones
Manatee Chili's customer removed clothes, witnesses say
Lawyer argues Kevin Spratt may have been screaming in "joy" while being tasered by police
Long Island Village Proposes Ban on Street Basketball
Sex can make you smarter but porn can make you dumber, study suggests
Small, New University Does Something Radical -- Only Hires Professors Who Want To Teach And Only Admits Students Who Want To Learn
Auction winner: 'I want to experience a black rhino'
Cops Charge Alleged 'Swiss Cheese Pervert'
Google developing smart contact lens
UNITED STATES v. APPROXIMATELY 64,695 POUNDS OF SHARK FINS, No. 05-56274., March 17, 2008 - US 9th Circuit
Burglar stymied when he pulls door marked 'PUSH'
Man beat up, robbed for six lemons
For The First Time, Hackers Have Used A Refrigerator To Attack Businesses
Hackers Use A Refrigerator To Attack Businesses
Jehovah's Witness juror sabotages manslaughter trial after deciding jury service is at odds with her beliefs
An LA Man Dragged a Puppy Until It Bled Because It "Refused to Walk"
American Embassy School not run by US embassy: US officials
A Pubic Service? LES American Apparel Window Display Features Merkined Mannequins
Jared Padalecki Slams Justin Bieber on Twitter, Beliebers Get Tweeting Mad and Threaten Not to Watch Supernatural
Quran 'forbids' violence to spread Islam: 9/11 mastermind
$1.6 million settlement for man forced by cops to have enemas, colonoscopy
China starts televising the sunset on giant TV screens because Beijing is so clouded in smog.
Ports of Tacoma and Seattle agree to share information
Research Shows It's Better To Run Away From Nuclear Detonation Blast
4-year-old boy shot by 4-year-old cousin in Detroit
bananas are bad for monkeys
Guy who won "Hunt an Endangered Rhino" contest is worried about being hunted down himself
Hamelin: 'We need more rat catchers'
Male Spiders Must Twerk - or Be Eaten
Elves (Yes, Elves) Spark Road-Building Protest in Iceland
Jim Harbaugh's pants cost $8 at Walmart. A mystery is solved.
US nuclear launch officers suspended for 'cheating'
Heart transplant drugs may have made Falls man a child molester, attorney says
Pa. couple advertises home as 'slightly haunted'
'We found you staggering in the road': Police officers leave comical note for drunk man they escorted home
Winters Olympics 2014: Jamaican bobsleigh team on verge of qualifying for Sochi Games, conjuring memories of Cool Runnings
Police use Gollum to trace owner of 'stolen' ring
Exorcism rituals on the rise as way to battle evil of Mexican cartels
Landmark Sexuality Survey Foiled by Teen Jokes
Gender specific toys 'put girls off' maths and science, says Education Minister
Drunk man with YOLO tattoo 'ran through bingo hall with pants down' yelling 'bingo!'
West Bountiful Starbucks remains open
UNICEF: Majority of Nigerian Children 'Don't Exist'
A very strange addiction: Woman can't stop sniffing and chewing urine-soaked nappies
It's So Hot at the Australian Open That One Player Says He Saw Snoopy on the Court
Rickrolling: Student Sairam Gudiseva hides Rick Astley song lyrics in quantum physics essay
Too gay to rape: Man found not guilty of sexual assault
'Dead Priest's Hair'? Alternative Medicine Poisoned Man
If You Want To See Sunrise In China, You Have To Watch It On This Giant Outdoor Screen
White Castle slider called 'most influential'
Woman's Sexy Text Message to Wrong Man Ends in Tragedy
Former Secret Service agent accused of stealing counterfeit cash
Missouri Bill Would Allow Execution Using Firing Squad
95% of ATMs still use Windows XP
Illegal contact? Witness: Jets' Kellen Winslow Jr. was masturbating in his car
Protective Dachshund adopts paralyzed cat
Man gives change to homeless person, is handcuffed and held by police for an hour
American Apparel displays mannequins with VERY unkempt bikini lines
Vladimir Putin Warns Gay Olympic Visitors To "Leave Children Alone"
Bruce Springsteen: "Kanye West Is Incredible"
Canadian idiot goes to Syria and "Jihads" himself.
Doctoring photos gets officer at state psychiatric hospital fired.
50 Ways to Celebrate Michelle Obama's Birthday
Airline passenger falls asleep with finger on slash key
Fridge sends spam emails as attack hits smart gadgets
Haribo stops selling 'racist' sweets
Police pull four bracelets, four necklaces, 11 rings and bag of weed from man's rectum
Vladimir Putin: gay people at Winter Olympics must 'leave children alone'
Gang of loitering seniors poses problems for McDonald's
Smog in Beijing Is So Awful You Have to Catch the Sunrise on a Big Screen
County GOP group celebrating MLK by raffling AR-15
Winner of Texas auction to hunt endangered African rhino says he fears for his safety
Land ho! House glides across ice on White Bear Lake
Mark Cuban Wants 'One Final Fine' from Commissioner David Stern
Google Rolls Out In-Ad Surveys To Figure Out Why People Hate Ads
High School Suspends Basketball Duo After '3' Symbol Is Mistaken for Gang Sign
Dog-bite victims speak out against bill to end breed discrimination
High school student says cops roughed him up for nothing
'What are you saying about my girl's mom?' Shia LaBeouf headbutts drinker in London bar brawl as girlfriend screams to stop.
'Elder Pastitsios' blogger found guilty of 'insulting religion'
Nun gives birth in Italy, names baby Francis
Resident Suspects Neighbor Wiped Excrement on His Clean Laundry
Former Morgan Stanley wealth manager says sex tapes made with three women were accidentally recorded by camera meant to watch his dog:prosecutors
Iranian Man Goes 60 Years Without a Shower, Breaks Record
HS Student Says He Suffered Serious Injuries During Arrest
Murderer ate victim's cat with mashed potato
3-year-old Hitler can't get name on cake.
Beijing watches fake sunrise on video screen amid smog emergency
Amazon Wants to Ship Your Package Before You Buy It
High School Basketball Players Suspended For 'Gang Sign' Popularized By John Boehner
Texas cops handcuff man after he gave change to homeless person
Putin says gays welcome at Sochi Games but must 'leave children in peace'
Brandi Glanville says she 'wanted to be molested as a child'
The President Will Replace NSA Mass Surveillance With ... Something
China starts televising sunrise due to smog
HBO is totally cool with you sharing your HBO Go password
Amazon Has Patented A System For Shipping Your Stuff Before You Order It
Kellen Winslow Jr. denies he was masturbating outside Target before pot arrest
New religion worships rapper Kayne West
'Net Neutrality' Did you mean: Net Cartel
Japan soldier who refused to surrender dies
M2.6 Tremor Shakes Universal City On 20th Anniversary Of Northridge Quake
DNA test reveals felon is true father of Utah woman after secret insemination sperm swap
Trace Adkins gets into scuffle with Trace Adkins impersonator.
Blackberry: We just sold 1000 phones
Growing Number Of People Agree That Ed Snowden Is A Whistleblower
Uganda Among World's Top Gay Porn Consumers
Journalism, Daily Mail Style [X-Post from r/Europe]
Young 'pranksters' skewed landmark sexuality study
Missing child found alone on school bus while driver attends Zumba class
Scientist: Cats think you are just a big, stupid cat
Little League coach sues own player &500,000 for throwing his helmet, subsequently tearing the coaches acl
Woman gives Man 500k after talking to him on ChristianMingle
Tea Party Candidate's Ad Touts His 'Sexy' Wife And Large Testicles
Japanese Soldier Who Missed the End of WWII by Three Decades Dies
BBC News - Nun who gave birth in Italy 'unaware of pregnancy'
Florida Cops Hunt Thief Who Stole TV From Target, Made Getaway On Skateboard
It Is Now Possible To 3-D Print Your Unborn Fetus
Black Gay Dads Shock the Internet by Being Normal
Man accused of putting swiss cheese on his privates arrested by police.
Man shoots woman's chihuahua for barking too much
Alleged 'Swiss Cheese Pervert' nabbed by police.
Nestle, Cadbury Turn to KitKat Shape After Color Purple Case
Blackface licorice pulled after racism complaints
Priest prefers puns, Holy Word play for church sign sayings
Children horrified as clown sets fire to dove at magic show in Peru
Cops flee from station as family dumps goblin
American Apparel Mannequins Now Sporting Full Bush
Meet The Stay-At-Home Mom Making $30K Monthly From Bigfoot Porn Novels
Manchester shop worker threatened with gun after refusing to sell discount beer
Teen Mom Who 'Leaked' Her Sex Tape Announces She's Writing a 'Christian Parenting Book'
One Downside Of Home Wart Treatments: Bursting Into Flames
Trace Adkins: Rehab Follows Dispute With Impersonator
Italy nun: 'I had no idea I was pregnant' after giving birth to baby boy
Nun who gave birth in Italy 'unaware of pregnancy'
"Mature" student has her stomach removed after drinking liquid nitrogen
Town Council considers purchasing a colour photocopier
Man Abandons Bar Robbery After He Can't Pull Open Door Marked Push
Haribo pulls 'racist' candy after complaints
Porn filters block sex education websites
Gay marriage has 'caused floods' says UKIP councillor
Bird Moves Into Walmart, Enjoys Free Food For Weeks
Putin: Gays welcome at Olympics, but 'leave kids alone'
Amazon plans to ship your packages before you even buy them
UKIP councillor David Silvester blames bad weather on gay marriage
UKIP politician: David Cameron to blame for floods because he made gay marriage legal
Shark Species Thought to Be Extinct Found in Fish Market
UKIP Councillor blames storms and floods on gay marriage
Police cover car with parking tickets before noticing man's dead body inside
MPs call for Margaret Thatcher Day
Autistic man's gift for IKEA assembly turns into business
San Jose fire causes 'extensive' damage to Flames coffee shop
UK storms are divine retribution for gay marriage laws, says Ukip councillor
Italian International Olympic Committee official accuses US of 'absurdly' politicizing Olympics by sending gay athletes
Italian woman stunned by exploding artichoke: Police probe third case of volatile veg
Jamaican Bobsled Team Qualifies for 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics
Most Afghans do not even know about 9/11, according to disturbing poll
Jets TE Kellen Winslow Jr. denies he was masturbating outside Target before pot arrest
Russian Human Rights Report Casts Europe as Land of Nazis and Gay Propaganda
Florida man, 77, beat Walmart customer for too many items in express checkout
Smog-bound Beijing resorts to virtual sunrises
Cambridge named 4th Gayest City in the U.S.
Man falls on nipple, inflates like balloon through buttocks
Nun gives birth to Baby Boy in Italy: "I did not know I was pregnant. I only felt a stomach pain"
Flamboyantly-dressed man joyrides office chair down Capitol Hill
People ride bikes less in cold weather
Police investigate offensive tweet
RODMAN CHECKS INTO REHAB CENTER
Jamaican bobsled team qualities for Sochi Winter Olympics
Nun gives birth to baby boy, says she didn't know she was pregnant
New name chosen for Florida high school named after KKK leader.
Florida Man Calls 911 to Report He's Being Kidnapped by Cops Who Detained Him
Spidey Cyrus? Male Black Widows 'Twerk' to Woo Females
Amazon says it can ship items before customers order
Amazon says it can ship items before customers order them
Doctor offers to trade vasectomy for playoff tickets
Dennis Rodman checks into rehab alcohol-fueled meltdown in North Korea
Susan Miller, astrologer to the stars: 'April's so scary I'm giving classes on it'
Jets Tight End Masturbates In Target Parking Lots When He Can't Find Boston Market
Italian kills Irishman landlord over chess game, tries to eat heart
Vatican Science Panel Told By Pope: Galileo Was Right
Obama: Spying won't damage ties with Germany
UKIP Councillor Blames Floods On Gay Marriage
Maddona apologizes for saying "nigga" in a hashtag, explaining that this is just how she communicates with her white son
Police: Man's sexual propositions included Swiss cheese
Fan of 'black metal' band stabs their lead singer to death for 'not being Satanic enough'
"Dennis Rodman checks into rehab after North Korea trip" (BBC)
Pimp Sues Nike For $100 Million Since Shoes He Stomped Victims With Didn't Have A Warning Label
'Gay marriage to blame' for floods
UKIP councillor blames gay marriage for British floods
Vladimir Putin admits being an Elton John fan as he claims gay people in 'no danger' at Olympics
Colleges Worried That Men Accused of Sexual Assault Might Receive Due Process
Internet Deemed This Week's SNL The "Blackest" Episode Ever
Jamaican bobsled team raising money on PayPal to reach Sochi Olympics
UKIP chair claims Glasgow Council [is] for 'gays, Catholics, communists'
Instead of corruption, village government shares $2 million with its residents
Smog-hit Beijing shows sunsets on a giant TV to remind people what the sun looks like
Google's Stunning New Invention Could Transform Daily Life for Diabetics
Vancouver's Kellan Lain ejected after two seconds in NHL debut
Smoking increases chances of child being gay in adulthood
Smoking or drinking during pregnancy can increase chances of baby being gay claims professor
Nigerian Pop Star Stirs Controversy Over Her Popular 'Whitenicious' Bleaching Cream
UKIP suspends councillor who claimed gay marriage caused widespread flooding
Here's The Argument For Sending The Teletubbies To North Korea
Amazon Wants to Ship Your Package Before You Buy It - Digits
Hot dogs link man to crimes
Italy MP 'blacks up' for anti-migrant speech
How The Pardon Of Alan Turing Is An Attack Against Male Heterosexuality
Madonna: 'N-word' hashtag was 'term of endearment', not racial slur
Madonna: 'N-word' hashtag was 'term of endearment' to son, not racial slur
Professional Soccer Player Traded for Hotel Accommodations
Pope auctions his Harley to help Rome soup kitchen
Vladimir Putin defends Russia's stance on homosexuals, hails Elton John
Hacked fridge sends out malicious emails in unprecedented cyber attack
Bareheaded motorcyclist dies in helmet protest
Idaho Cop Fatally Shoots a Suicidal Man for Refusing to Drop Two Knives
U of M professor Barry Feld's crime study aborted after he's victim of crime
Dad gets OfficeMax mail addressed 'Daughter Killed in Car Crash'
Marijuana disposal boxes installed at Colorado airport
No Matter What Type Of Business You Have You Need To Promote It With An Internet Site
Smoking during pregnancy could make your baby gay
Mars mystery rock: Appears out of nowhere and looks like a big jelly donut
There's no call too small for Lake Oswego police
Fridge caught sending spam emails in botnet attack
Angry passengers 'loot' Ryanair plane to Paris
Sperm smugglers score a victory in Gaza
Canada: Passenger allowed onto flight after security confiscate his bomb
Two toddlers dead, two injured after attempted exorcism
Nasa says 'doughnut rock' on Mars is 'like nothing we've ever seen before'
Turkey bans doctors to administering emergency first aid
It's bobsleigh time: Jamaican team raises $25,000 in Dogecoin
Amazon Wants To Ship Products Before You Even Buy Them
How Playing 'The Newlywed Game' Led Me To Divorce
Cops bloody old man - for jaywalking
Richest 85 boast same wealth as half the world
Internet Raises $30,000 In Dogecoins To Send Jamaican Bobsleigh Team To The Winter Olympics
Assad: No reason why I shouldn't run for president
Candy Crush makers have trademarked the word 'Candy'
Dogecoin raises $30,000 for Jamaican bobsleigh team
Hackers use refrigerator in cyber attack
Pastor charged in wife's murder was headed to Europe to marry boyfriend, prosecutor says
Dogecoins Power Jamaican Bobsled Team to Sochi Olympics
Driver tells Amscot crash victim "I'm sorry I killed you"
Dumpster Baby Saved by his own Dad.
Kim Dotcom Just Launched His New Music Service with His Own Album
Peyton Manning and Omaha: A love story
Scientific Research Is Unreliable, Unreliable Scientists Report
Brain researcher claims smoking while pregnant may lead to gay babies.
Rock fan thrown out of Slade gig for 'crazee' dancing
Turkey: The audience fight because of a mud splash during an off-road race.
Phil Collins Doesn't Know What A Coachella Is.
Black widows twerk to find mates
Martin Luther King, Jr., Day marked by 'No Shots Fired' plea
HP brings back Windows 7 'by popular demand'
Internet users ditch "password" as password, upgrade to "123456"
Man is jailed for 5 months after 'trying to have sex with tree' in busy park
WORMROT's Biggest Fan, The Grind Goat, Dies
Are male-wussifying feminists a national security problem?
Christ the Redeemer to undergo repairs after being hit by lightning
Egypt Adds Puppetry to its Enemy of the State List
Chocolate may help ward off diabetes risk
Wedding Insurance Expands as Nuptials Get Pricier
Justin Bieber Pisses Himself in Colorado
Grind Goat Will Never Die But You Will
Utah is Ending Homelessness by Giving People Homes
People Who Can Still Afford to Live in New York Praise Bloomberg
No, Beijing residents are NOT watching fake sunrises on giant TVs because of pollution
Eager thief tries to gift wrap table tennis table
Multiple owl attacks reported in Springfield
Palin To Obama: Honor MLK By Not Playing The 'Race Card'
Fed Banker Tries Criticizing Bitcoin, Ends Up Perfectly Describing The Fed
Local news from the town of Cumming, Georgia never stops being funny
Nun Gives Birth, Says She Had No Idea She Was Pregnant
Gold hidden in passenger's rectum seized
UK: Dr Dick Swabb's book claims stress in the womb raises chances of baby growing up gay?
Study: Nearly half of black men arrested by age 23
China Exports Pollution to U.S.
Citibank Sends You Letters To Let You Know Your Paperless Statement Is Ready
Sarah Palin Celebrates MLK Day by Slamming Obama for 'Playing the Race Card'
Mom comes home to find sitter has tattooed her children
Czech suspect says Romani victim must have stabbed himself to death
University professor reports laptop stolen rather than clean his porn off of it
Porn studio digitally removes condoms from release to provide 'pre-condom fantasy'
Oregon GOP raffles AR-15 in honor of Lincoln and MLK.
'I'm a Millwall fan' says yob.
Flames Restaurant in San Jose Destroyed by 4-Alarm Fire
Former MuchMusic VJ Steve Anthony needed a new hip after drop-kicking monster truck
Creators of Candy Crush have trademarked the word "Candy"
Transgender man seeks reasons from facility that refused to impregnate him
Metta World-Peace and Kenyon Martin fight about pasta.
Snow plows in Florida?
Brains of elderly slow because they know so much
Amazon Patented a Way to Ship Your Items Before You Even Buy Them
Psycho murders two women, kills and eats one's cat with side of mashed potatoes
Students Warned About Side Effects of 'Snorting Smarties'
Poor people 'cannot afford to die'
How to make money writing Bigfoot sex scenes
The Chinese Government Is Threatened by My Dance Moves
AMC movie theater calls FBI to arrest a Google Glass user
Justin Bieber AIDS rumor confirmed
Candy Crush Saga dev trademarks the word 'candy'
Ukraine protests Monty Python style
How same-sex marriage causes floods
Police called to half-price sale in 99p store
Patient arrives for liver op with bottle of vodka
Poorest people cannot afford costs of dying, report claims
Neuroscientist Dick Swabb claims; smoking, and drugs during pregnancy 'can turn baby gay'
Police called to calm 99p store protests after half-price sale ends in 'bedlam'
Viagra worth nearly £6,000 stolen from Ministry of Defence since 2007
Furious French Ryanair passengers launch revolt and steal from the booze trolley after being faced with 24-hour delay following emergency landing.
Indiana police chief accidentally shoots self at gun shop.
Flying french fry injures McDonalds patron
Miley Cyrus Slated for Intimate 'MTV Unplugged' Performance
Girl Scout cookies and beer
OfficeMax Sends Letter to "Daughter Killed in Car Crash"
Machine gun tourism in Sin City
FSU recruit arrested for eating pot
Duluth business owner in hot water over 'black' sale on Martin Luther King Jr. Day
£6,000 worth of Viagra, 100 bayonets stolen from UK MoD
Police: Lazy robber mugs victim without getting out of car
Man brings a gun to intimidate his neighbors. Shoots himself in the testicles.
Police: Bar owner attempts to burn down rival bar with ear wax candle
Grindcore fan that happened to be a goat passes away
Cockfighting ring owners claimed it was for "medical research"
Sarah Palin asks Barack Obama to 'honour' Martin Luther King by not 'playing the race card'
Police calm angry crowd at Wrexham's 99p Stores sale
Little League coach sues his own player
Police In Afghanistan Are Slashing Tires To Prevent Auto Theft
This is your dog on drugs: Marijuana poisoning on the rise in pets
Guns in the home raise suicide, homicide risk, review confirms
Florida House candidate Joshua Black calls for hanging of President Obama
Ambassador Liu Xiaoming says Japan is Voldemort
Smoking, drugs during pregnancy 'can turn baby gay', neuroscientist Dick Swabb claims
Jersey City man stabbed multiple times by brother in fight over last can of Pepsi: cops
Coalisland Undertaker Told To Stop Winking And Smiling At Old People
Buffett's $1 Billion Safe Bet on NCAA
Football 'can tackle male obesity'
GameStop robber called ahead to reserve Xbox
GOP candidate for Florida House wants Obama hanged... on MLK Day
Cyclist: Driver didn't see me stuck in windshield
Driver ignored me stuck in his windshield, cyclist says
Justin Bieber pees initials in snow
Cute or creepy? Expectant parents offered 3D-printed model of unborn child
Fla. House candidate from Pinellas calls for hanging of President Obama
Congratulations to MLB Commissioner Bud Selig on winning the first Commissioner Bud Selig Leadership Award.
*New* Video of Crack Smoking Toronto Mayor Rob Ford Drunk, Swearing in Jamaican Patois? Bumbaclot
Attack of the killer Custard Creams | Ally Fogg | Comment is free
Stoned Ape Theory Might be More Than Just Stoner Logic
Meet The Erotic Eco-Porn Activists, Bonking To Save The Earth
Hockey-Playing Lion Ices His Opponents
Katy Perry Says She May Have Won Wisconsin For Obama, Wants To Ask Him About Aliens
Warren Buffet offers $1 Billion to whoever calls the winners of all March Madness Games
Malaysians detained for smacking child in Sweden
Florida student kicked out of school for performing in porn
Indiana police chief accidentally shoots himself for the second time
Alabama family burns down house trying to clean up 'toilet papered' tree
Rob Ford Speaks Jamaican Patois? Toronto Mayor Admits He Was Drinking
Rob Ford admits to new rambling, drunk video; says it is his 'personal life'
Amazon to start preemptively sending you stuff it thinks you might buy or just like
Lawsuit: Botched childbirth operation caused Army wife's 'excessive flatulence'
Blizzard of criticism after Spring Valley mayor orders plows off streets
ASU Fraternity Celebrates MLK Day With Party Mocking Black People (x-post from /r/equality)
Bud Selig to receive award named for him
VIDEO: Dramatic footage surfaces of party where clown assassinates Mexican drug lord
Hamburg, Germany, to ban cars in 2034
Shia LaBeouf Blames All His Antics On Performance Art
Assault suspect arrested after sharing a police department post of his own photo.
Bud Selig to Receive the First Annual Bud Selig Leadership Award
New video of intoxicated Toronto Mayor Rob Ford emerges online
82-year-old Hyogo man arrested for stealing women's underwear.
Forbes: "Should Microsoft Acquire Yahoo For $53 Billion?"
Warren Buffet Backs Billion Dollar March Madness Challenge
Eating Boogers May Be Good For Your Health
SodaStream: Guilt-Free Seltzer or Blood Bubbles?
Amazon plans to start preemptively sending you stuff before you even order it
Opera Singer Says Operation Ruined Her Career With Flatulence
A Babysitter in Virginia Tattooed the Kids He Was Meant to Be Watching
Police 'like' wanted Pa. suspect's Facebook post
Snorting Smarties: Eat. Don't snort. Unless you want nasal maggots
Alabama home-owner uses fire to clean-up toilet paper from a tree and burns the house down
Katy Perry Vows to Ask Obama If Aliens Are Real
Man Arrested Facing Thousands of Rape Charges
Homeowner: TP cleanup sparks Dora house fire
Punctured Tires In Kabul Are The Work Of Police, Not Punks
Teen: I Did Porn To Help Out My Mom
A Hipster Named Twiggy Attempted To Arrest Tony Blair For War Crimes
Hipster Attempts To Citizen's Arrest Tony Blair for War Crimes
Police Nab Wanted Man On Facebook
Man sues Eskom over power-saving prayers
Arizona State fraternity suspended after MLK-themed party mocks blacks
Man 'prevented power cuts through prayer'
China is exporting pollution to the US
Police chief accidentally shoots himself for the second time
Crazed Ryanair Passengers Loot Drinks Trolley in Fury Over 24-Hour Delay
New Google Glass app promises to make sex more awesome
For free Wi-Fi, please deposit your dog poop here
Man shares post seeking his arrest on Facebook; is arrested within the hour
Chinese Internet Traffic Redirected to Small Wyoming House
Pig faces blacked-out in Malaysian edition of New York Times
Congratulations to Commissioner Bud Selig, winner of the first annual Commissioner Bud Selig Leadership Award
Did You Know It Doesn't Actually Snow in Subtropical Sochi?
Spanish police tweet drug smuggling tips
Glenn Beck recalls 'awful lot of mistakes'
Om My: Chinese Buddha Booted Over Booty : The Two-Way
Testicle eating fish on the loose in Sweden
Man Who Doesn't Want Marriage Keeps Attracting Women Who Do
Scaly, see-through thing surprises fisherman
Bud Selig To Receive First Annual 'Commissioner Bud Selig Leadership Award'
'It wasn't me!' Georgia twin misidentified as the 'butt-naked black man' arrested for assaulting cops
China's "fight against corruption" includes targeting those who expose corruption (x-post r/China)
New Security Report Confirms Everyone Is Spying on Everyone
Sexting in middle school linked to early sexual activity, study finds
Sandusky County, Ohio, Cop has Sexual Encounter with Pre-Teen. Prosecutor Declines to Press Charges.[x-post /r/news]
Wisconsin Lawmaker Wants To Take Away Workers' Weekends
Mark Sanchez in high demand if Jets cut him
Man's Parrot Given Green Light to Stand in Belarus Local Election After ID was Accepted
Belarus: Parrot in Local Election Bid
Texas Police Confiscate Jars of Urine, Feces From Abortion Activists
Quirky bunny on Mandela statue causes stir
Tulsa Police: Intoxicated Man Arrested For Riding Horse With Toddler
Cop molests pre-teen boy, gets off scot-free. Cop works in Sandusky County
How a Math Genius Hacked OkCupid to Find True Love
Michigan GOP Official Says We Should 'Herd All the Indians' to Detroit, Put a Fence Up and Toss in Corn
Glenn Grothman, Wisconsin GOP Senator, Fights For A Seven-Day Workweek
Watched from a waste bin: UK pulls plug on 'spy' trash cans
'Anorexic' Nenuco doll should be banned, say campaigners
South African government: get rid of that bunny in Mandela's ear
'Anorexic' doll provokes outrage: 'Deeply worrying' toy which shuns food should be banned, say campaigners
Israeli Jet Parked Next to Iranian Sparks Davos Thaw
Chinese 5-star hotels are asking for downgrades so they can still host officials
Picture of twin toilets in Sochi goes viral
Emus vs. Humans: The Great Emu War of 1932
Charles Saatchi challenges Spectator critic to cage fight
Teen fired after wearing Broncos jersey to work
Anti-Pot Group Regrets the Repeal of Alcohol Prohibition
North Korea Lands First Ever Man On The Sun, Confirms Central News Agency
US Army considers replacing thousands of troops with robots
Sculptors cast a bronze rabbit in the Ear of a 30-foot-tall Mandela sculpture
Wendy Davis invites paraplegic opponent to walk a day in her shoes.
A Brazilian woman was hospitalised after a porcupine fell onto her head
Zappos is going holacratic: no job titles, no managers, no hierarchy
Glenn Beck says Bill Nye's fight against creationism is like the Catholic Church's war on Galileo
Eurogamer picked Candy Crush Saga as their game of the year
Ryerson University's $195,000 paint job washed away by snow.
Anti-fracking protesters who glued themselves to pumps were at wrong petrol station
Lacey spa again accused of illegally giving massages to opposite sex customers
This New World Order Conspiracy Theorist Is Advising Republicans on Environmental Policy
Warren Buffet will pay $1 billion to the person who gets a perfect NCAA bracket...
Middle school warns snorting Smarties may lead to nasal maggots
Meet Mitik, the Adorable Baby Walrus Who Thinks He's a Human
Houston man stuck with 3,000 unwanted porn DVDs
Games of 2013: Candy Crush Saga
Guy Mad About Lack of Due Process Says President Should Be Executed Without Trial
Chinese Internet Traffic Redirected to Small Wyoming Building
Glenn Beck Gets Introspective: 'I Played a Role in Helping Tear the Country Apart'
Snowmobilers battle Mother Nature to host annual drag races
FRACKING PROTESTERS ARRESTED FOR GLUING THEMSELVES TO THE WRONG PETROL PUMPS
Cop 'Stops And Frisks' African American Teen, Literally Destroying His Genitals
High School girl Cited For Harassment After Elbowing Kid In The Balls Who Laughed When She Queefed "Win" While Having Sex On The School Bus
Snowed-In Drunk Man Uses Craigslist to Get Emergency Taco Bell, Becomes American Icon
Motorist faces court after 'splashing schoolchildren with puddle'
Pennsylvania Republican celebrates MLK Day with proposal to legalize discrimination
Man in Oklahoma arrested for riding a horse drunk with a child he doesn't know.
Motorist faces prosecution after driving through puddle and soaking schoolchildren
Five tons of dried Cary poop mysteriously burns
Which company has a lot of experience with NSA leakers? That's the one we should hire to find NSA leakers.
Booz Allen Is Hiring People to Catch Leakers Like Its Ex-Employee Edward Snowden
GO FIGURE: Alaska Is Warmer Than Lower 48
College sophomore teaches himself to code in 3 days, builds an iPhone app that ties weather conditions to what clothes to wear.
Ralph Lauren's niece asked Irish police who arrested her to speak English
Police: Man used toy light saber to fend off stun gun
U.S. man who donated sperm to lesbian couple must pay child support: judge
Fraternity Celebrates MLK Day with Party Mocking Black People
Monsanto Is Going Organic in a Quest for the Perfect Veggie
Woman in bikinis seen washing cars in freezing weather
Woman weighing 250 kg lifted out of home by crane
Man in Captain America shirt attempts to rob a Semmes restaurant , thwarted by English illiteracy
Ban backyard swimming pools! Think of the Children!
Shark Killed by Tourist Bite in Costa Rica Causes Activist Outrage
CU-Boulder: Legal weed not likely behind 33% jump in applications
Fire burns potato warehouse near Perham
Ex-FLDS Member Recounts Sexual Abuse During Childhood, Thanks Father For Molesting Her
Apple Store in NYC Might Need to Pay $450,000 To Fix Shattered Glass Cube Structure Damaged by Snow Blower
Protesters show up at the doorstep of Google self-driving car engineer
Rabbit in Nelson Mandela Statue Ear Sparks Controversy
Guerrilla grammarians armed with marker pens strike blow against Cambridge City Council's apostrophe ban
Man takes cab to police station after drinking too much.
Vitali Klitschko offered $1 billion not to run for presidency
Justin Timberlake, Robin Thicke and Bruno Mars nominated for Best Male Artist at the NAACP Image Awards
North Korea has landed a man on the sun
Man guarding party from guns says his gun went missing
BREAKING NEWS! Cat Cafe Coming to San Francisco!!
Mexican drug lord busted by his Instagram feed
North Korea confirms it has landed a man on the Sun | TweakTown
Real band with a parrot lead singer.
SWEET CHRIST, HOW I LOVE HATEBEAK, THE DEATH METAL BAND WITH A PARROT ON LEAD VOCALS.
Ghost ship crewed only by cannibal rats feared to be heading for Ireland
Girl breaks up with ex by buying him COD: Ghosts
Toy Story's Woody Arrested For Sex Crimes In New York's Times Square
U-M Flint student selling ad space on graduation cap to pay off loans
Manchester United fan dials 999 to speak to Sir Alex Ferguson after defeat
Ghost Ship Full of Cannibal Rats About To Crash Into Devon Coast
Mystery of the Lyubov Orlova: Ghost ship full of cannibal rats 'could be heading for British coast'
Ghost ship full of cannibal rats could be about to crash into Devon coast
Justin Bieber Arrested for Drag Racing, DUI in Miami Beach
Cops flee police station after 'GOBLIN' delivered in suitcase.
Airport bomb scare over Edinburgh haggis
Kidnapped Ethiopian girl rescued by caring, protective lions
Ke$ha Thanks Fans For Support From Rehab, Asks For Their Teeth As Well
North Korea confirms it has landed a man on the Sun
GOP congressman: Wives should "voluntarily submit" to their husbands
Judge rules Kan. sperm donor owes child support
Opera Singer Sues, Claims Career Ruined by Surgery Causing Flatulence
Bus Sex Teen Busted After Queef Beef
Indiana GOP Leader Moves Failing Marriage Equality Ban To More Conservative Committee
Macedonia starts Handball championship with No Defense or Offense
Rabbi Wins First Amateur MMA Bout by TKO
Air Force Swears: Our Nuke Launch Code Was Never '00000000'
'Secret' Nuclear Missile Launch Code During Cold War Was '00000000'
Ghost ship full of cannibal rats headed for British coast.
Ghost ship carrying cannibal rats could be heading for Britain
What's with this wacky weather? Hot is cold and cold is hot
Good with people? Willing to capture crocodile, if needed? Apply now!
Anti-fracking protesters glue themselves to wrong petrol station
Police: Early de-icing effort triggers crash in North Austin; officials urge caution.
Images of pigs censored in Malaysia
Scientific Proof That Texting Makes You Walk Funny
Two underage drinkers call police on themselves, arrested & charged with felonies.
GOP House Candidate Says God Created Autism, Dementia And Tornadoes To Punish Gays
Booz Allen, Snowden's old firm, looking to help US government with 'insider threats'
Judge rules that Kansan who provided sperm to lesbian couple owes child support
China's Five-Star Hotels Are Desperate for Lower Ratings
Engineers pour concrete into signalling equipment room, shutting most of the Victoria Line
Surveillance Blimps Will Have Eyes On East Coast From Raleigh to Boston
Delayed Ryanair passengers loot drinks trolley and steal cigarettes in 'barbaric' revolt
Ryanair passengers mutiny after plane forced to land at airport 250 miles from destination
Victoria Line concrete flooding: Major London Underground line closed after TfL control room is 'flooded with cement'
Fake $100 bill signed 'Moe Money' used in NC
Abandoned cruise ship full of starving rats headed for UK
Mars rover Opportunity finds mysterious 'jelly doughnut rock' on the Red Planet
Porn Star Lisa Ann takes Oklahoma State student to AVN awards after seeing his College GameDay sign
OSU Student With Lisa Ann GameDay Sign Attends Porn Awards With Her
Porn Star Lisa Ann Takes OSU Student McGann To AVN Awards
Goldman Sachs predicts Canadian dollar will fall after they artificially lower it
Sex offender fights registry by registering his registerers
Hong Kong billionaire offers £80 million to any man his lesbian daughter will marry
Oreo Launches Two New Flavors, and They're Both Delicious
Man Orders Emergency Taco Bell, Becomes American Icon
RI students caught snorting Smarties candy
Feds indict Klansman trying to build an anti-Muslim X-ray cannon
Pope Francis Declares the Internet a 'Gift From God'
Pope: Internet is a 'gift from God' for dialogue
Police: Girl, 14, stabs sister 40 times because she felt unappreciated
Attorneys: Fetus of pregnant, brain-dead wife is 'distinctly abnormal'
Chattanooga Times Freepress headliners never cease to amaze me
Bill O'Reilly to interview Obama during Super Bowl
Breakfast shocker: Froot Loops are all the same flavour
Hong Kong Billionaire Offers Over $100 Million To Any Man Who Can Turn His Lesbian Daughter Straight
Out of CNN, ABC news, NBC news, US News and Report, and Fox News, the Fox News homepage is the only website that would indicate there are protests and riots taking place in Ukraine.
An Opera Singer Had To Retire Because She Farts Too Much
If your day is going poorly, there's someone else's whose is going worse. A flood of quick-dry concrete has shut down London's Victoria Tube line
Police chief who taught sex-abuse classes in suburban NY arrested on child porn charge
A Woman in Alabama Tried to Get TP Off Her House by Setting It on Fire
Huckabee: Gov't Shouldn't Help Women Who Can't Control Libidos
Female teen has sex on school bus, elbows 13-year-old for laughing when she 'queefs'
London Underground line suspended after signal control room accidentally filled with quick drying concrete
Kansas court says sperm donor must pay child support
Woman travels world without mishap, goes missing after walk in Texas
Cannibal Rat-Infested Ghost Ship Lyubov Orlova 'Heading for Britain'
McDonald's customer claims cashier punched her over cheeseburger argument
'123456' Tops List of Worst Passwords
Obama to Force All Americans to Buy Pot
Phillip Morris Introduces Marlboro Marijuana Cigarettes.
Facebook mocks 'infection' study, predicts Princeton's demise
Ladies: Mike Huckabee Says If You Use Contraception, You Can't Control Your Libido
Welder lauded by Scott Walker in speech is sex offender
Why the Arctic Is Drunk Right Now
Jurors may get an eyeful if defendant shows sex tapes in court
MSNBC interrupts Congresswoman for report on Justin Bieber.
Munich protesters slapped with €200 fine for blocking neo-Nazi march
Cafeteria worker accused of stealing up to $1M arrested
Vanessa Tapia Zavala Charged With Murder After Allegedly Killing Kim Pham Over Photobomb
Hitler's Toilet Is in New Jersey
Chipper Jones started a forest fire
Woman Sues Husband After He Spent $744,000 On His Mistress That She Thought Was For Gambling Debts
Justin Bieber rampage may have al-Qaeda links, terrorism analysts warn
Opinion: Why lawyers are prone to suicide
Hong Kong Billioniare doubles his offer from £40M to £80m to any man who can turn his lesbian daughter straight
KIM JONG-UN: BIEBER JUST A FEW ARRESTS FROM BEING MY FRIEND
Canadian Prime Minister Singing 'Hey Jude' Like Something Out Of The Bible, And I Mean That Part At The End Where Everybody Dies
Cough 'sizzurp' is dangerous drug of choice for stars, kids
Oh crap! Serial train poopers at it again
Pitbull track named official anthem for 2014 World Cup
Ibiza's Sex Workers Have Formed Spain's First Prostitution Union
Billionaire Braves Bloated Self-Importance for Davos Chat
House of horrors greets family after dream vacation.
Fruit fly sex chances rely on a real wing man
Florida Man Hops Fence to Shoot and Kill 21-year-old in a Hoodie-Then Claims Self Defense: Does 'stand your ground' include chasing someone?
Could Justin Bieber Get Deported?
Sign this petition to help deport Justin Bieber and revoke his Green Card
Bankruptcy law firm files for bankruptcy
Up Helly Aa beards close Shetland island of Bressay fire station
University of Missouri offers class on Jay Z and Kanye West's relationship
Hong Kong Billionaire Offers $130 Million For Any Man Who Can Make Lesbian Daughter Straight
Prisoner rats himself out with Facebook selfie of cell-grown cannabis
Pope Francis: Internet Is 'A Gift From God'
Son marries outside caste, father files copyright case protecting use of family name (x-post /r/india)
Votes in Texas Town Allegedly Bought With Beer and Cigarettes and Cigarettes
Jay-Z Tried To Have DayZ's Name Changed
Son marries outside caste, father files copyright case protecting use of family name
Man loses hand in tug of war match
World's worst human finally arrested by the FBI
No, the Chinese internet did not somehow get re-routed to a small house in Wyoming
Mayor wants Stillwater Log Jam to change name because of Urban Dictionary connotation
Snoop Dogg sets off hotel fire alarm, chills with firefighters
Sheriff says he accidentally shot his own deputy during standoff with gunman
Testicle-eating fish on the loose in Sweden prompts warning to keep trunks on
Just gonna leave this here...(go to picture 6 if it doesnt take you there straight away)
Woman Disowns Cat For Being Gay
Airport security suspect explosive, find haggis
Paramedic arrested for attempting to murder vegetarian hipster partner
A Ghost Ship Full of Cannibal Rats Has Disappeared in the Atlantic
Paramedic arrested for attempting to murder partner on duty
RNC passes a resolution Friday renouncing "unconstitutional" National Security Agency surveillance programs
Why Republicans Keep Calling Women Sluts
Wenatchee vet advertising 'free Bronco castrations'
German Olympians will wear rainbow-colored uniforms in Sochi
Exploding toilets spark recall of flushing system
Nigerian newspaper claims that woman &#8216;publicly disowned her cat&#8217; because she declared it was gay
Ex-Senate aide who faced child porn charges found dead
With shields and catapults, Ukrainian protests look more like Medieval battlefield
All European newborn Babies will be Microchipped from May 2014
Kid gets testicle ruptured by cop, cops charge him with assault and battery.
Woman Charged With Murder After Allegedly Killing Someone Over A Photobomb
Raccoon blamed for Carrollton area power outage
Kid gets testicles ruptured by cops, cops charge him with assault and battery.
Gmail Glitch Is Causing Thousands Of Emails To Be Sent To One Man's Hotmail Account
So Now You Can 3D Print Replicas Of Your Very Own Baby
'Blind' Man Caught in Disability Fraud After Seen Driving a Speed Boat
Snoop Dogg Smoked So Much Weed In Australia That the Fire Department Showed Up
Guy Detained By Feds For Wearing Google Glass At The Movies Admits: 'I Was An Ignorant Idiot'
Mike Huckabee: Democrats Tell Women 'They Cannot Control Their Libido' Without The Government
Washington Redskins Name Debate Reaches United Nations
Gmail Glitch Is Pushing Thousands Of Emails To One Man's Hotmail Address
Associated Press Aims to Halt Zimmerman Painting Sale
Google outage causes thousands of emails to be sent to man's Hotmail account
Oxford City goalkeeper injured after falling out of a tree in cat rescue
Google Reliability team was prepping for an AMA just as Gmail went down.
Google Earth Helps Indian Man Find Family And Village After 25 Years
Of Course Scientists Are Attaching Cameras to Alligators
Nigerian newspaper claims that woman 'publicly disowned her cat' because she declared it was gay
Snap, Crackle & Pot: New Jersey Man Accused Of Selling Rice Krispies As Marijuana
Ex-banker's 'bath salts' beating case against LAPD headed to jury
A ghost ship with cannibal rats
Namco Bandai Changing Name to Bandai Namco
Yes, you can have a Chinese girlfriend and still be racist.
Study shows shopping cart injuries rise after US safety standards set
Young 'pranksters' skew landmark sexuality study
Flatulence cuts opera singer's career short
Rich Man Calls Rising Income Inequality 'Fantastic'
Virginia State Legislature Bans American Flags On Sticks, But Lets Guns In
Burning Question: Did Obamacare Break Up the Captain and Tennille?
BBC News - Pizza box fire spreads to bath in Burntisland
North Korea claims it landed man on sun
Teacher caught outside wearing just a ski cap and goggles
Swede of the Week: The man behind the biggest (and coolest) hedgehog in Sweden
North Korea Claims to Have Landed a Man on the Sun
Henley-on-Thames councillor blames recent UK storms on gay marriage
Fox & MGM Sued In Multi-Million 'Weekend At Bernie's' Profits Suit
Lawmakers Consider Preventing ALL Marriage In Oklahoma
Lawmakers Consider Preventing ALL Marriage In Oklahoma News, Weather, Video and Sports
US willing to hold talks with Edward Snowden, but only if he pleads guilty first
Race car driver wants to show jury his sex tapes
Dinesh D'Souza And Wendy Long Once Had To Apologize For A Hitler Quote In Their School Paper on Yom Kippur
Melbourne firefighters respond to fire alarm at hotel, arrive to find a grinning Snoop Dogg
Oklahoma Republicans Seeking To Prevent All Marriage In The State Because F**k The Gays (VIDEO)
Badass racecar driver wants to show jury his sex tapes
Rifles powered by Linux purchased by US Army
Man says fuck it, and eats lunch at 10:58 a.m.
Racecar driver asks to show jury his sex tapes.
Apparently This Matters: A ghost ship with cannibal rats - CNN.com
How many people haven't had sex in the past month?
No, an Abandoned Ship Full of Diseased Rats Is Not Floating Towards Britain
U.S. Army Considers Replacing Thousands of Soldiers With Robots
First Ever Marijuana Superstore
Impulsive personality linked to food addiction
AN OPERA SINGER HAD TO RETIRE BECAUSE A BOTCHED SURGERY CAUSES HER TO FART TOO MUCH
Opera Singer Sues Government After Botched Medical Procedure Leaves Her Unable To Perform Without Farting
'Gay Cat' Named Bull Allegedly Disowned By Owner In Nigeria
News9: Oklahoma lawmakers consider preventing ALL marriage to keep same-sex marriage illegal
British food shop told Marmite, Ovaltine deemed illegal in Canada
Florida Man Rips Bag Open With Teeth, Eats Cocaine: Police
Pope Francis: The internet is a 'gift from God'
Pope Francis Calls the Internet 'Gift From God'
Why Do Rabbits Rape Cats?
Police: Teacher brought marijuana-laced food to after-work potluck
Ke$ha's fans urged not to send her their teeth
University to offer course in the relationship between Jay Z and Kanye West
Don't blame Bieber, kids have always idolised idiots
Free Crack Pipes Urged To Slow Spread Of HIV In SF, Leaders Balk At Idea
Dick Cheney: 'It's my new heart, not someone else's old heart'
Clogged toilet leads to arrest in NJ fake-chips case; Fayetteville man charged
Teacher takes term potluck literally and laces food with pot
Man runs into fire to save Xbox game system
Gerald Lymon Awarded $4 Million After Farming Equipment Rips His Genital Skin Off
First-grade teacher arrested for bringing pot to pot luck - Daily News
U.S. Navy Warship Stops To Help Out Some Tangled Turtles
If you're a college football fan who tweets at recruits, you're committing an NCAA violation
During the Gmail outage, Google "Reliability" team was hosting a Reddit AMA
Vienna rape victim in Dubai charged with 'illegal sex'
Obama To Sexual Assault Victims: 'I've Got Your Back'
Venture Capitalist Says "War" on the Rich Is Like Nazi Germany's War on the Jews
N.C. teacher arrested for bringing pot-laced food to potluck
Airport mistakes haggis for plastic explosives
Venture Capitalist likens angst towards 1% to plight of Jews in Nazi Germany
Man orders pizza to his residence, robs delivery driver
Snoop Dogg Visited By Firefighters After He Sets Off Smoke Alarm In Australian Hotel
Teacher Confused by Meaning of Potluck, Arrested for Bringing Pot
The President Forgets To Lie About Marijuana, And Prohibitionists Are Outraged
French town's UFO landing pad welcomes first visitor
Cat Living In Home Depot For 13 Years Will Be Allowed To Stay
India Declares Dolphins "Non-Human Persons"
Scientific Proof Thoughts & Intentions Can Alter The Physical World Around Us
Two Fingers Brewing Co helping to fight prostate cancer (xpost /r/beer)
Two Fingers Brewing Co helping to fight prostate cancer
Judge To Justin Bieber: Join The Marine Corps Or Go To Jail
Police perform act of good will by detonating a grenade donated to a Goodwill.
Is Adventure Time A Gateway Drug To LSD, Homosexuality and the Rave Lifestyle?
Lakeview Polar Bear Club Cancels Polar Plunge Due To Weather
Boat Full of 'Lower Grade' Weed Crashes Into Nude Beach
Teen Waits For Bus In Bitter Cold - WLOS News13
Computer programming would satisfy foreign-language requirement under Kentucky bill
Iain Duncan Smith: welfare reform is like struggle against slavery
World's Richest Woman Calls for Wage Cut
Wealthy venture capitalist Tom Perkins says the 1% in America are treated like Jews in Nazi Germany
: A demo of wireless electricity
California Teacher Brings Pot-Laced Food to Employee Potluck Dinner
Stephen Hawking Says No Black Holes Exist
Incredible Photos of Snow-Covered Trees Near Arctic Circle Resemble Alien Planet
Arizona GOP group censures McCain over 'liberal' voting record
West Virginians say they don't fault coal industry for water crisis
3 Enemas Later, Still No Drugs
Trendy beards slice into sales for razor manufacturer Procter & Gamble
Houston officials ban smoking inside public housing facilities
Real Inferno for Dan Brown translators who toil in underground bunker to decode his latest book
Stephanie Pistey, Florida Murder Suspect In Jacob Hendershot Case, Claims She's Part Vampire, Part Werewolf.
Arizona GOP censures McCain for 'liberal' record
Stephen Hawking: 'There are no black holes'
HSBC Bank Refuses To Let Customers Withdraw Large Sums
Rich Businessman Compares Treatment Of The Rich To The Holocaust
DOGTV | Television for dogs
DOGTV and The HSUS Work Together to Help Pets Everywhere : The Humane Society of the United States
Dumb Justin Bieber Fans Are Harassing ESPN Michigan Beat Writer Chantel Jennings Instead Of Chantel Jeffries
Walmart Recalls Tainted Donkey Meat From Chinese Stores
Airport security thought pipe bomb was filled with marijuana
Jay Z Kanye West Class Now Taught at University of Missouri
"Marlboro Marijuana Cigarettes" A hoax
Malaysian printer blacks out pigs' faces
Oklahoma lawmakers consider preventing ALL marriage to keep same-sex marriage illegal
One in four Americans think God helps decide the outcome of football games
Pope's peace doves attacked by crow and seagull
Manchester United fan calls 999 asking for Alex Ferguson
Are Gays Perverts? Guy Dating 25 Women Says "Yes."
Chobham 'mini-tornado lifted cats in air'
Vatican Peace Doves Attacked By Warring Seagull And Crow In Epic Battle Of Good And Evil (PHOTOS)
Pope Francis and two children released peace doves in St. Peter's Square. The doves were then attacked by a crow and a seagull.
Pope Francis has doves released during prayer; birds attack them
Pig Virus Continues To Spread, Raising Fears Of Pricier Bacon
Pope Releases Peace Doves, Which Are Promptly Attacked by Meaner Birds
Birds attack peace doves freed from pope's window
Nicky Crane: The secret double life of a gay Neo-Nazi
Whoops... Media outlets duped by North Korea 'rocket to the sun' story
Black hole theory my 'biggest blunder,' Stephen Hawking says
Doves released in the Vatican are immediately attacked by seagull and crow
35% Of All Pirate Bay Uploads Are Porn
Scientists paid these people $3,000 to get the flu
Nigerian Woman Disowns Gay Cat Due To Country's Insane Laws
One-legged man accused of benefit fraud as officials examine wrong leg
Doves of peace under attack as Pope looks on
Ted Cruz: Democrats caused the shutdown
New photos shed light on Himmler the family man
Putin a better president than Obama: Romney
Vatican peace doves attacked by crow and seagull seconds after being released
Tony Blair: Global strategy needed to defeat religious extremism
34 Couples Will Be Married On Stage During Macklemore & Ryan Lewis' Grammys Performance
1,700 gallons of whiskey spilled into Scottish river
The 'World's First Gay Cat' Allegedly Disowned By Owner
Queen Latifah to Officiate 34 Weddings During Macklemore & Madonna's "Same Love" at Grammys
Trader Joe's ex-president to open store selling expired food
No, Global Warming Isn't Suddenly a Myth Because It's Really Cold Out [x-post r/science]
No, Global Warming Isn't Suddenly a Myth Because It's Really Cold Out
6 Children Who Took a Grenade for a Ball
GOP Rep. Paul Broun Can't Believe TSA Let 'Middle Eastern' Man Go 'Right Through' Security
The Rarest Game in the Worst Shape Is Up For Grabs on Ebay
Pennsylvania Girl Elbowed Boy In Testicles For Laughing After She Farted During Sex On School Bus: State Police
Inside the World of Anti-Abortion Activists Who Were Conceived By Rape and Incest
Gay Marriage Scares Oklahoma Rep So Much He Proposes Banning All Marriages
Mississippi Bill Changes Name of 'Gulf of Mexico' to 'Gulf of America'
Teasing Over Vaginal Flatulence On School Bus Leads To Groin Attack
How You Put A Uterus Back Inside A Cow (We Know You Were Wondering)
'Nigella always found you toe-curlingly vile': Charles Saatchi attacks socialite Taki after columnist defended his ex-wife and challenged him to a cage fight
High school teacher busted dry humping mailbox in the nude
University students rebel online against Chancellor for not canceling classes on an extremely cold day
Man in jail for marijuana is allowed to leave once a month to smoke marijuana
Google awarded patent for ad-supported, free taxi rides
Actor who played Marlboro Man in ads dies from smoking-related disease
Marlboro Man dies of respiratory disease.
Sochi Mayor Declares City 100 Percent Straight
Billionaire Thomas Perkins compares treatment of super-rich American 'one percent' to treatment of Jews in Nazi Germany
Here Is A Bra That Only Unhooks If You're In Love, Because Japan
Pope's white doves of peace attacked by gull and crow after being released over St Peter's Square in peace gesture
Man fights off shark, stitches himself up, and has a beer to relax before going to hospital
Billionaire venture capitalist Thomas Perkins ridiculed after writing letter comparing the treatment of rich Americans to the Holocaust
Vial thieves steal blood of Pope John Paul II
Peterborough man robs church to pay for hooker he brought there after hours
No Gay People in Sochi, Mayor Claims
Smoking disease kills Marlboro man
Ex-Marlboro Man dies from smoking-related disease
Doves Released by Pope Francis as Symbol of Peace for Ukraine are Attacked in Mid-Flight
Prince Targets Facebook Users in $22m Live Concert Piracy Lawsuit
Champion beard owner takes remarks on the chin but says interest is growing
PETA Sues DreamWorks Animation for Violating Dragons' Constitutional Rights
Tall White Nazi Space Aliens Are Not -- We Repeat NOT -- Invading
China Eastern Airlines passenger uses first class ticket for free meals
Homophobic Uganda Leads Google Search For Gay Porn
Trial for 'Pebbelz Da Model' begins Monday in fatal buttocks injection case
DHS wants teen returned to mum who held him down while circumcised by witchdoctor
Opera singer out of work after surgery left her unable to sing without farting
Opera Singer Can't Stop Farting After Surgery, Loses Job
Botched Surgery Forces Farting Opera Singer Amy Herbst Into Early Retirement, U.S. Government Being Sued
Sochi 2014: No gay people in city, says mayor
Pope's doves of peace attacked by angry birds
Pope releases white doves to symbolize "hope for peace" in Ukraine; doves immediately attacked by crow and seagul!
7,000 students log on for online beer course
City Recruits Minority Lifeguards Even if They Can't Swim
Stripper has waited 30 years for N.J. to host NFL Championship (X-post from New Jersey)
Peace doves come under attack at the Vatican
Stripper has waited 30 years for N.J. to host NFL championship
Cruz: Obama Should Say 'Sorry' for ObamaCare
Billionaire VC Who Said The Rich Are Like The Jews In The Holocaust Is 'Brilliant,' Says Millionaire VC
Man demands to see the size of his mother's vagina
Rand Paul, Joe Scarborough trying to push Monica Lewinsky scandal as the real 'War on Women'
Botched Surgery Forces Farting Opera Singer Amy Herbst Into Early Retirement
Many school head applicants 'can't spell', says National Governors Association
Juggalos Get Pentagon OK To Wear Religious Face Paint In Uniform
Michelle Bachmann says the biggest blunder we ever made as a society was listening to people like Stephen Hawking, thinks she is fortunate to never have learned science in college.
New Jersey stripper has waited 30 years for the Super Bowl
Bachmann says Hawking on Black Holes Shows Danger of Listening to Scientists.
Nashville Opera Singer Out of Work After Surgery Left Her Unable to Sing Without Passing Gas
76,000 pounds of beef ribs catch fire in California
Flatulent cows start fire at German dairy farm - police
Kansas man runs back into burning home to save his Xbox
Kansas man runs back into burning house to rescue his Xbox
arting Costs Her Her Job
Opera Singer's Botched Surgery: Uncontrollable Farting Costs Her Her Job
Flatulent cows start fire at German dairy farm
Video: Rabbit sculpture hidden in Nelson Mandela statue causes a stir
Giant Hologram of Turkish Prime Minister Delivers Speech
On Children's Website, N.S.A. Puts a Furry, Smiley Face on Its Mission
Female Interrogators Want You To Stop Hitting On Them
Stephen Hawking on Black Holes Shows Danger of Listening to Scientists, Says Bachmann
School Allegedly Told Buddhist Student His Faith Is 'Stupid' & He Should Convert Or Switch Schools
If You Want To Fit In At This Public School Just Become Christian
NSA, British Spy Agency Collect Angry Birds Data
Venture capitalist compares "progressive war on %1" to Nazi anti-semitis.
Adnan Januzaj 'took student on date to Nando's in tracksuit bottoms'
Girl Has Sex On School Bus, Elbows Boy In Testicles For Making Fun Of Her Queefs
Opera singer out of work after surgery left her unable to sing due to chronic flatulence
Republican Candidate Who Thinks Autism is the Result of God's Anger Over Gay Marriage is Told to Drop Out of Race
Flatulent cows start fire at farm
US looks at ways to prevent spying on its spying
Mexican Skier Hubertus Von Hohenlohe Will Wear a Mariachi Uniform in Sochi
These cows blew the roof off the barn.
Abandoned Baby in Duffle Bag Actually Three Huge Snakes
New Bra Only Unhooks If You Are In Love
British woman killed herself after bombarding hairdresser with demands for appointment because she feared her hair had turned red
Venture Capitalist Compares 'Progressive War On 1 Percent' To Nazi Anti-Semitism
Flatulent Cows Start a Fire With Their Farts in Germany
Office worker Frances Warren killed herself over 'ginger' hair, inquest told
76,000 pounds of ribs burn in truck fire, smell 'wonderful'
Spy Agencies Probe Angry Birds and Other Apps for Personal Data
Denver county fair to award blue ribbon for pot brownies.
Ex-Marlboro man dies from smoking-related disease | KATC.com
Band Featuring Macaulay Culkin Performs in New Brunswick Basement
Ghost ship with packs of cannibal rats is heading for UK coastline
Google announces $2.7 million bounty for hacking Chrome OS
Sochi Mayor Anatoly Pakhomov says Olympic city has no gays
Marijuana to be featured alongside cotton candy, Ferris wheels at county fair in Colorado
Google acquires human-like AI company for $500 million, Skynet is now a real possibility
You will be fined for entering or remaining in a full train.
It is, in fact, possible to criticize Israel without being anti-Semitic
Hillary Clinton Says She Hasn't Driven a Car Since 1996
Fox News analyst tells Tea Party group he can lead a military coup against Obama
Macaulay Culkin performs with pizza-themed Velvet Underground tribute band in New Brunswick basement
Vatican peace doves attacked by angry birds during ceremonial release.
Chipotle is producing a show called "Farmed and Dangerous."
South Korean Girl Gets Rich Just From Eating In Front Of A Webcam
Opera Singer Farts When Singing, Sues Over Surgery
Please do not throw missiles on the train.
Please do not throw missiles in the train. [Imgur, because it was on the papers]
Porn Star Christy Mack Announces She'll Give A Blowjob To Whoever Makes Best Lego Creation For Her
Ninety flatulent cows start fire at dairy farm in Germany
Swedish man offers burglar coffee after botched break-in
Man fights off shark, stitches up own leg, goes to the pub
Driving ban for farmer who wouldn't give a sample to 'black' doctor
Dublin priest says he 'bored' two armed burglars out of his home
To reduce public peeing, the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority is planning to fit its elevators with urine sensors that alert nearby police officers
New York City commissioner's ancestors were slaves of Benedict Cumberbatch's family
Queen Elizabeth down to last $1.6 million in reserves after royal overspend
Human beings came from another planet, not Earth, new book claims
Sharpton: 'Many Of Us Are Frustrated' Obama Hasn't Brought Up Race Card More Often
Man Fights Off Shark, Stitches His Own Wounds, And Then Goes To Get A Beer At The Pub
Polite minivan driver shed clothes, touched self while checking out woman in Publix parking lot
UK, US under fire for Angry Birds spy claims
Johnny Depp to receive award for wearing makeup
Man offers burglar coffee after botched break-in
Flatulent cows cause fiery explosion at German dairy farm
Police sieze a provisional driver's car on finding instead of a qualified driver in the passenger seat she was accompanied by a parrot
How I ended up naked, with a monkey, in a hot tub - The Globe and Mail
M62 learner driver 'accompanied only by parrot'
Police captain supports claims that family was tormented by 200 demons as eerie picture of figure on porch of empty house emerges
Chairman of the House Science Committee "will do our best to avoid listening to scientists."
STEPHEN HAWKING'S BLUNDER ON BLACK HOLES SHOWS DANGER OF LISTENING TO SCIENTISTS
Rats display empathy, so why don't animal experimenters?
Mexico Just Legalized Vigilantism And Then Captured A Huge Cartel Leader
Gassy German Cows Blamed for Barn Explosion
Blood of Pope John Paul II stolen in possible 'satanic' theft
Theft of pope blood linked to Satanism | The Irish Times
Turkish Prime Minister gives speech as a 10-foot hologram | The Verge
University offers course on Jay Z and Kanye West's relationship
Woman Commits Suicide Over Fear of Turning 'Ginger'.
Super Bowl-predicting manatee forecasts Denver win
Futuristic Bra Only Opens For 'True Love'
Dude Risks Life to Save Xbox from House Fire
Man Arrested After Urinating Dog Fuels Indiana Co. Standoff
Genius man used one first class airplane ticket to eat free for a year
NSA 'gets data from Angry Birds'
Obama's Nominee to be Next Ambassador to China: 'I'm No Real Expert on China'
Office worker who killed herself after battle with depression 'had been anxious about her hair colour'
Jury Told Off For Laughing At Man Accused Of Cow And Sheep Sex Acts Near Spurs Training Ground
Mexico legalizes vigilantes, nabs cartel leader
Fight breaks out in queue to pat koalas
Nigerian disowns cat for being gay
Farting Cows Make Barn Explode In Germany
Egypt: 'Dwarfs' turn out in force in support of new constitution
Learner driver 'accompanied only by parrot'
German cows cause methane blast in Rasdorf
DMX Gets High Before Concert, Talks About Having Anal Sex In Prison
German barn explosion caused by 90 farting cows
Sexual Cannibal Spiders May Have Poor Impulse Control
Seattle fans name child 'Cydnee Leigh 12th Mann'
Abolish inheritance, Mr. President. There is no other way.
Ban Irn Bru and we'll ban Bieber, MEP tells Canada
Downton Abbey Porn Parody Rife With Historical Inaccuracies
Study finds that basically every single person hates performance reviews
Radical activist sentenced to read Malcolm Gladwell
Intelligence Agencies Won't Release Reports On Excessive Secrecy
Animal Sex Jury Erupts in Laughter After Hearing Man Was Rejected By Cow
Man accused of trying to engage in deranged sex acts with farm animals nears Spurs training pitch
Opera singer 'can't work' over uncontrollable flatulence
'Duck Dynasty' star Willie Robertson to attend State of the Union address
Belgian man who skipped 100 restaurant bills is killed
Woman Kills Herself Because She Was Scared She Was Becoming A Ginger
Blind woman tells court she found five cent coins between her breasts after being allegedly groped on a train
Video: After Crashing Into Crown Fried Chicken, Man Strips, Pleasures Himself
Shaun Phillips, do you consider the Super Bowl a "must-win"?
Chris Christie Launches His Comeback by Beating a Kid at Ping Pong
Rob Ford claims to have found $50 million in gravy - but won't say where
Vial of Pope John Paul II's blood stolen from Italian church
At least 1 American kid gets shot every hour
Plastic Surgery Clinic Fined for Tower Made of Patients' Bones
Sean Hannity Suggests Replacing Health Insurance With Health Insurance
Sex with animals still not OK in US military
Something Stinks. And It's Not Your Vagina.
Swiss Man Dies After Stage Diving At Suicidal Tendencies Concert
Gas from flatulent cows explodes German farm shed
Man tries to swap live alligator for pack of beers
Lawsuit Alleges NASA Is Failing To Investigate Alien Life
Police: New Mexico woman calls 911 to avoid ticket
George Clooney embarrassed by Batman's nipples
University of North Carolina Apologizes for Fake Classes, Promises Real Change
Innovative bra cannot be unhooked without true love, say makers.
Should we put robots in the Super Bowl?
I Went To In-N-Out Burger And Found It To Be Overrated
KKK Member Sought To Build Anti-Muslim Weapon Of Mass Destruction
I had no idea my boyfriend was a girl: Teenager duped into dating her friend reveals her heartbreak
Mötley Crüe To Legally Break Up After 'The Final Tour'
Explosion caused by cow farts literally blows the roof off barn in central Germany, one bovine treated for burns
'Remove Justin Bieber from our society': Over 50,000 Americans sign petition to have the troubled singer deported
Russian president Vladimir Putin warns against foreign interference in Ukraine
Jury in stitches over cow and sheep sex attack (x-post from r/wtf)
Burger King Tests Chicken Waffle Sandwich, Looks Like Struggle
Fixing The NFL: Put Robots In The Super Bowl
Fox News Gets Four Men To Debate The War On Women
10 Reasons Why You Should Lift Weights With Your Vagina!
Three charged with stealing food from skip behind Iceland supermarket
Hit and run driver gets arrested after calling the police to ask about it
Safe cycling ad banned over 'no helmet'
Black Person in Yoga Class Causes Profound Moral Crisis
Woman Faces Jail Time For Growing Vegetable Garden in Her Own Front Lawn
Man waiting to pat koalas at Adelaide Hills wildlife park charged with assault
DeVry Becomes an Unlikely Olympic Powerhouse
Burt Young Highest-Paid Actor in the World
It Happened To Me: There Are No Black People In My Yoga Classes And I'm Suddenly Feeling Uncomfortable With It
Psychic Manatees Predict Super Bowl Winner.
Do you mind having sex in front of your pet?
Cow farts blow up barn
Texas School District Sex Education Compares Non-Virgins To Chewed Gum
If the title alone wasn't enough, the article itself is pure gold:Lawsuit Alleges NASA Is Failing To Investigate Alien Life
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II down to her last million; palaces crumbling
A girl hikes over dangerous avalanches and flood zones to avoid paying vet bills.
CNN Pundit: Obama's Speeches "A Lot Like Sex... Excellent!"
200 Demons Possess Latoya Ammons' Family Witnessed by Police Officer and Medical Staff
Latoya Ammons, Indiana Mother, Claims Demon Possession, Authorities Corroborate
Cyber attack that sent 750k malicious emails traced to hacked refrigerator
The state of our union is ... dumber: How the linguistic standard of the presidential address has declined |
How elite sportsmen get out of bed in the morning - Telegraph
Italian man accused of adopting black cats to eat them - Europe - World - The Independent
Barking Blondes: Dog theft is on the rise | | Independent Editor's choice Blogs
300,000-year-old firepit found in Israel could be the first example of a social campfire - Archaeology - Science - The Independent
Ice work! 'Snow rollers' sculpted by the wind found across yards throughout the Midwest | Mail Online
Flatulent cows start fire with massage machine
Wine with haggis: It's far better than offal - The Globe and Mail
Do I have to stop if traffic lights aren't working? - The Globe and Mail
Why this former ballerina drives a monster truck - The Globe and Mail
The hidden class bias of supermarket steak | Toronto Star
Grounding the Mile High Club: Airplane sex sent the way of in-flight smoking after 9/11 | National Post
JFK and Jackie joined 'mile-high club' the day before his assassination in Dallas, report says | National Post
Mannequin makeovers include back fat, tattoos, pubic hair and bigger waists | National Post
Raccoon killer jailed 60 days for 'gruesome' animal cruelty
Judge quotes Macbeth, jails repeat sex offender
Norway lawmakers nominate Snowden for Nobel - World - NZ Herald News
1080 deployed to deal with 30 million more rats - National - NZ Herald News
Drunken woman bit flight attendant - National - NZ Herald News
Man jailed for stabbing partygoer through the eye - National - NZ Herald News
Are gay couples happier than straight ones?
Japan admits losing $5.7m submarine | The Australian
Man charged with assault over Adelaide Hills koala encounter | The Advertiser
NASA sued by Rhawn Joseph for failing to examine alien life on Mars | Technology | Tech News and Latest New Technology | | The Courier-Mail
Farts will lead us to alien life, European scientists suggest | Technology | Tech News and Latest New Technology | | The Courier-Mail
Ice-Cream Shop Owner Forced to Clarify That Mascot Is Not a KKK Member
Four-hour Wolf of Wall Street edit to feature more sex and swearing
an unpaid bill leads to a costly video game battle
Free Crack Pipe Advocates Plan SF Giveaway Despite City Opposition
Trial of Oscar Pistorius for killing Reeva Steenkamp to get 24-hour TV channel
Doug Ford: "People don't care" about Rob Ford's personal issues
Philly radio host nearly chokes to death on cheesesteak
Edward Snowden's Wikipedia page edited from 'dissident' to 'traitor' by someone in US Senate
Dozens of Rebels Killed After Philippine Peace Deal Is Struck
White House must answer petition's call for Justin Bieber's deportation
90 Flatulent Cows Detonate German Dairy Farm | News from the Field
KKK Member Indicted For Trying To Build Anti-Muslim X-Ray Cannon
Daily Kos: GOP Congressman Threatens to Kill Reporter After SOTU (Video)
Skype Exorcisms Are Worthless, Say Full-Time Exorcists
'I love you' bewilders Chinese parents
Mississippi Becomes Last State to Ratify 13th Amendment
Archaeology: No Evidence of Aliens Helping Ancient Cultures
Woman throws out pet cat for being gay
Police looking for owner of Kalashnikov left at Moscow IKEA
Health Officials Shut Down Dangerous 11-Year-Old Cupcake Seller
Russian Man Stabbed to Death in Poetry-Over-Prose Dispute
Super Bowl Ads Show Signs of Maturity
Eco-terrorist sentenced to read Malcolm Gladwell
Predator Drone Sends North Dakota Man to Jail
Human Body Not Designed for Space Researchers Say
Wife wants kidney back from cheating spouse
Man uses one first-class ticket to get free airline lounge meals
'Deport Justin Bieber' petition reaches 100,000+ signatures, will merit White House response
Obama's high school pot dealer who he thanked for the 'good times' was beaten to death with a hammer by his gay lover after fights over flatulence and drugs
Rep. Michael Grimm Apologizes to Reporter for Threatening to Break Him in Half
Russian 'kills friend in argument over whether poetry or prose is better'
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
Demaryius Thomas' mother, grandmother will watch him play Super Bowl from prison
NASA sued for not investigating a Mars rock thoroughly enough
Christian artists skip, walk out of 'satanic' Grammy Awards show
Kansas lawmaker wants to make surrogate motherhood illegal
How 2 inches of snow created a traffic nightmare in Atlanta
Drunk Man Crashes Into Restaurant Then Gets Out and Masturbates
"Deport Bieber" Petition Gets Enough Signatures, requires White House response.
Google and Samsung become BFFs, will share patents for next 10 years
Rich CEO Tells 'Daily Show' The 'Mentally Retarded' Are Maaaybe Worth $2 An Hour
Cow farts cause barn to explode in Germany
Millionaire baffled why partner 'so aggressive' after replacing her, asked if she would stay on as a housekeeper.
NYPD To UWS Pedestrians: Stop Getting Hit By Cars
Flatulent dairy cows blamed for barn explosion
South paralyzed by 2 inches of snow
House GOP's New Anti-Abortion Strategy: Let's Try NOT Talking About Rape
Justin Bieber deportation petition to get official White House response
Online vote: Nowhere on this continent is more romantic than St. Paul
Ohio woman wants to change her name to Sexy
Man sues NASA for failing to investigate "alien life" on Mars
U.S. ranks behind Rwanda, Belarus, Azerbaijan in ease of creating new business, World Bank says
Oscar Pistorius Murder Trial To Have Own 24-Hour TV Channel
Accused terrorist rants against gay marriage in court
Petition to deport Justin Bieber gets White House attention
Is there a Groupon?
Barack Obama's high school cannabis dealer beaten to death by gay lover in argument over flatulence
Farting cows blow up barn after deadly buildup of methane gas inside
Man Sues NASA For Failing To Investigate Alien Life
Report: Meth Is Part of Everyday Life in North Korea
Science Confirms the Existence and Purpose of Rebound Sex
CNN apologizes profusely after airing video of Hillary Clinton laughing
Uganda president won't sign anti-gay law without proof gays are not born that way
Deloitte interviews 677 'millenials,' concludes they're broke
White House Must Address Petition to Deport Justin Bieber
Father upset with terms on school's sexual education poster
Twin brothers 'beat journalist to death and encased his body in concrete so they could steal his rare Magic game cards worth $100k'
Skype Exorcisms: Pastor Jim Larson Expels Demons Via Video Chat
Chipper saves Freeman from snowstorm on four-wheeler
'Zombie' bees discovered in Vermont
Casino: Snakes are just a rumor, we promise
Mars rover Curiosity draws penis on surface of Red Planet.
Suspect in downtown shooting being treated for self-inflicted wound to testicles
The White House Is Now Required to Respond to the Petition to Deport Justin Bieber
Antigay Councilmember Posts Bestiality Photo On Facebook To Protest DOMA Repeal
Deport Bieber Petition Tops 100,000 Signatures
Guide: How to pair wine with Girl Scout cookies
Nighttime choppers create buzz around small town Bloomfield
10 Reasons To Lift Weights With Your Vagina, In Case You Were Wondering.
Cops Hunt Masked Gunman Who Invaded Miami Home, Smacked Female Victim In Face With His Penis
Congressman threatens to kill reporter after being asked about the federal investigation of his campaign finances.
Flatulent cows cause methane explosion on German farm
Police captain confirms children 'possessed by demons'
Atlanta paralyzed by less than 3 inches of snow
POLICE: HEROIN SOLD IN PA. MCDONALD'S HAPPY MEALS
Man fights off shark, stitches himself up, and goes to pub before going to hospital.
Flatulent cows cause methane explosion at German dairy farm
Metro-North worker pleasures himself in front of sleeping female rider, leaves evidence on her body
Man Dies After Stage Diving at Suicidal Tendencies Concert
Man fights off shark, then stitches himself up.
Strange events lead Ind. family to resort to exorcism
China bans cigarettes from schools
Throwing boiling water into air becoming dangerous trend
Gassy Cows Blamed for Barn Explosion
Lunches seized from kids in debt at Salt Lake City elementary
Rob Ford behind jailhouse beating, lawsuit claims
TV ad promoting safe cycling banned for showing cyclist without a helmet.
Man accused of trying to have sex with sheep near Spurs training ground was 'just relaxing', court told
Live Hand Grenade Found in Goodwill Donations
'I will break you in half': Congressman threatens to throw reporter off balcony during interview
Suspect in downtown shooting being treated for self-inflicted wound to testicles, Portland police say
NSA appoints privacy advocate
STUDY: Watching Only Fox News Makes You Less Informed Than Watching No News At All
Woman gets pregnant thanks to a chicken egg yolk
Former Teacher Accused of Stabbing Friend to Death in Row Over Literature
Unpaid bill costs gamers more than $300,000 in EVE Online
I donated a kidney to my husband then he dumped me - now I want it back
A South Bend city councilman is under fire for something he put on Facebook. Henry Davis, Jr. posted a link and an extremely graphic picture of a naked man and a dog. Monday, he said he didn't mean to be offensive.
Wayne Gretzky named on 'Most Athletic Americans' list
Pope Francis becomes 'SuperPope' in Vatican-approved graffiti
Woman Gives Birth To Children, Discovers Her Twin Is Actually The Biological Mother, But She Is Technically Her Own Twin
Wikipedia The Top Source Of Health Care Info For Doctors
Students Want Crime Alerts To Avoid Using Racial Descriptions
Insufferable white lady has nervous breakdown over a black woman in her yoga class
Irish Police called after store runs out of Garth Brooks tickets
HugeCool: NASA Gets Sued For Not Noticing That Mars Mystery Rock Is Totally An Alien
NASA Gets Sued For Not Noticing That Mars Mystery Rock Is Totally An Alien
Gassy cows blamed for barn blast at German dairy
State Rep wants "high five" to be official state greeting
Woman tries to avoid paying debts by getting a sex change
The Werewolf Diet Won't Turn You Or Demi Moore Into Werewolves The Werewolf Diet Won't Turn You Or Demi Moore Into Werewolves The Werewolf Diet Won't Turn You Or Demi Moore Into Werewolves
The Werewolf Diet Won't Turn You Or Demi Moore Into Werewolves
Woman arrested for selling heroine out of McDonald's Happy Meals
Uber Launches Lion Dances On Demand For Chinese New Year
McDonald's worker arrested for selling heroin in Happy Meals
Man somehow survives going through wood chipper
EXCLUSIVE: Meet New York City's first professional cuddler
'THE RULES ARE THE RULES': Government shuts down 11-year-old's cupcake business
Rouhani says Iran ready to mediate between South, North Korea
The Shortest Science Paper Ever Published Had No Words, and Was Utterly Brilliant
Millionaire asked ex-wife to stay on as housekeeper
Ukraine: Police 'attack wrong protesters'
Formula 1 star Eddie Irvine 'fights off shark with a spear'
Woman dies from cannabis poisoning.
You are with SodaStream or you are with the terrorists, says Johansson
'Knockout' suspect bizarrely claims self-defense and says he attacked one Brooklyn woman because he was 'feeling ill'
Utah ape predicts Seahawks will win Super Bowl
Local Government Shuts Down 11-Year-Old's Successful Cupcake Business After Appearing In Local Paper
Brazilian Olympic gymnast, 25, who hoped to compete in freestyle skiing despite only seeing snow ONCE before is critically injured after slamming into a tree while training in Utah
Elementary School in Utah Seizes Lunches From 40 Students in Debt
Woman accused of selling heroin out of McDonald's Happy Meals
Man Crashes Car Into Fried Chicken Restaurant, Strips Naked, Masturbates in Intersection
Mitt Romney Is the 2016 Republican Frontrunner
Armed robber penis-slaps woman in the face after she refused to hand over cash
Bar closing follows dispute with Homeland Security
Rob Ford wishes he had Justin Bieber's youthful success
Rattled by rumor, Pa. casino says it is snake-free
Bestiality one step closer to being a crime in Alabama
Toyota tells dealers to stop selling 6 models with heated seats made of flammable material
Heat or eat? Bitter winter forces unique cuts
Florida lawmakers propose 'Toaster Pastry Gun Freedom Act' to curb student suspensions
Grandpa's Nazi past shocks Jewish star
Activist plans second royal mooning
Brooklyn has a Baby DJ School
Drive-thru drugs: Pittsburgh woman accused of selling heroin in Happy Meals
These 28 Instagram Pictures Just Busted One of the Biggest Mexican Drug Lords
Hitler, Pill-Popping Cake Freak, Is Recalled in New Bio
Woman dies after scarf caught in Montreal metro escalator
COPS: MCDONALD'S EMPLOYEE SOLD HEROIN IN HAPPY MEAL BOXES
Glitter: Unknown substance in Agriculture Dept. letter turns out to be glitter
Paraplegic man steals car from dealership
Toronto's mayor defends Justin Bieber
Report: Wikipedia is top source of medical information for doctors
Toronto's scandal-plagued mayor Rob Ford defends Bieber
Toronto's Crack Smoking Mayor Rob Ford Defends Justin Bieber
UK Police: Retweet this message if you use drugs and haven't been caught.
Devout British mother-of-three, 31, dies from cannabis poisoning after smoking a joint in bed
Gemma Moss: Mum-of-three is first woman in UK to be poisoned to death by cannabis
Tony Abbott threatens to deport asylum seekers who swear
Cut on Camera: Warren cop slices off young mother's hair weave
Lunches seized from Utah schoolkids because of unpaid bills
Rob Ford defends successful Justin Bieber
Woman Beaten to Death Over an Accidental Photobomb
Congressman Complains That Religious Freedom Law Allowed Mosque To Build A Cemetery
Pope Francis Blesses Male Stripper's Talking Parrot
Pope Francis Blesses Former Male Stripper's Parrot
Russia's Love Affair with Vodka Lures Many to an Early Grave
Hayao Miyazaki says the anime industry's problem is that it's full of anime fans
Ophidiophobics beware: flying snakes have great aerodynamics
Clairvoyant Manatee Picks Broncos over Seahawks in Super Bowl XLVIII
Man With "Joker" Lipstick Leaves Suspicious Device At Puppy Store
New York declares war on swans
George Zimmerman TKO: Acquitted Killer Will Step In The Ring For Celebrity Boxing Match
Obama's call to end tragedies angers pro-tragedy wing in Congress
Mitt Romney Is the 2016 Republican Front-Runner[x-post from r/politics]
Australian scientists microchip bees to map movements, halt diseases
Mitt Romney Is the 2016 Republican Front-Runner
George Zimmerman Agrees to Celeb Boxing Match -- I'll Fight Anyone, Even Black People (x-post /r/WTF)
Cows' farts and burps cause explosion in Rasdorf, Germany
Australia threatens to deport asylum seekers who spit, swear or spread rumours
Man Sues Nasa For Not Investigating 'Mushroom' On Mars
Nat Geo Wild Announces Fish Bowl - Stand Down, Puppies - In case you'd rather watch a goldfish on Super Bowl Sunday
An Armed Clown Is Running Around Terrorizing Pedestrians
Half of U.S. nuclear missile wing implicated in cheating
Tumbleweeds devour New Mexico town
Pope Francis Gladly Blesses Parrot Belonging to Male Stripper.
China bans smoking in schools, including kindergarten
Responding to Critics, Gynecology Board Reverses Ban on Treating Male Patients
GOP chairman says apology over offensive 'biracial' tweet a good 'first step' for MSNBC
Fox News Accidentally Reveals That Justin Bieber Is A Reptile
Black bear accidentally mulched by oil and gas company
Tony Abbott threatens to deport asylum seekers who swear. Would post original link but automod removes all attempts due to some kind of paywall affecting almost the entire internet
Man Washes up in Marshall Islands 'After 16 Months Adrift' at sea
Vodka confirmed as major factor in early death of Russian men
Vodka blamed for high death rates in Russia
Oregon Woman Claims Olive Garden Lunch Forced Her To Have C-Section
Gemma Moss, 31, becomes first woman in Britain to DIE from cannabis poisoning
David Cameron: TV crime dramas prove we need mass warrantless electronic surveillance
How Not to Look Ugly on Your Webcam [Infographic]
Belgium sends 'burden' EU citizens letters asking them to leave the country
Super Bowl Player Spent All Week Playing Pokemon
Broncos linebacker Nate Irving is spending Super Bowl week playing 'Pokémon'
Daily Mail reporting on 'first cannabis induced death'.
McDonald's employee allegedly sold heroin in 'Happy Meals'
George Zimmerman Celebrity Boxing Match
Japanese police officers 'forced to eat 15 burgers at a time'
George Zimmerman Entering the Boxing Ring
This Is A Great Photo Of Rob Ford Being Tickled
Rape question baffles computer science students
Amanda Knox found guilty of murder again by Italian court
Bama Sorority Girl Shits In Dorm Hallway, Public Shitting Now A Trend In Tuscaloosa
122-year-old home to sell for $1
Montreal woman strangled to death by her own scarf in freak escalator accident
Facebook's Toying With A Radical New Idea: Letting You Be Anonymous
Hardline Israelis hold mass prayer against peace talks
The chastity bra that only opens when you find true love - or so they say
Congratulations! Science Confirms That Post-Breakup Revenge Sex Is a Real Phenomenon
Super Bowl drug and sex ring busted
Helen Mirren can twerk better than you
Suicide Bombers Called Biggest Sochi Olympics Risk
Christian couple maintains abstinence for first two years of marriage
Man Arrested After Mistaking A Policewoman For A Stripper
Miyazaki: The Problem With The Anime Industry Is It's Full of Otaku
Sharknado stars to return for Sharknado 2, preserving integrity of Sharknado
Kansas Legislature Wants To Stop Any Other Kansas Cities From Getting Google Fiber
Jeff Sessions: Marijuana Can't Be Safer Than Alcohol Because 'Lady Gaga Says She's Addicted To It'
Pope Blesses Male Stripper-Erotic Film Star's Parrot
Pope Francis Continues Outreach, Blesses Male Stripper's Parrot
City of Albuquerque Makes Disastrous Error, Expects Resident to Suffer Consequences
Man defrosting water pipes with blow torch sets house on fire.
Harry Styles's new girlfriend important to daydream about
She was Killed for Photobomb, Cops Say
What's in a Name? Woman Changing Hers to 'Sexy'
Metal band Skinny Puppy send US government invoice after finding out their music was 'used as torture device in Guantanamo Bay'
Canada woman strangled by escalator
Parents allow toddler to play on multimillion dollar sculpture
Budget Chief Insists He Wasn't Actually Tickling Rob Ford
NYU student doesn't like dorm room, becomes "exhausted and cranky", has parents pay for a nicer apartment.
Budget Chief Denies Tickling Mayor Rob Ford
Broncos' Nate Irving Eschews Partying for 'Pokemon'
Evil Predator Fish from China That Can Live on Dry Land Are Invading Central Park
Russian editor fined 50,000 roubles for printing 'being gay is normal'
George Zimmerman agrees to celebrity boxing match
Bitcoin 'Ponzi' Concern Sparks Warning From Estonia Bank
Utah ape predicts Seattle Seahawks will win Super Bowl
Mormon anti-masturbation video: Jerking off is pretty much like being gunned down in war
When Barn-Sized Boulder Meets Barn, Barn Loses
Seattle Fans Name Daughter Cydnee Leigh 12th Mann After Seahawks Cheering Section
And the Nobel Peace Prize Goes to... Edward Snowden!
Skinny Puppy's Music Was Used for Torture, So They Invoiced the Government
An Advanced Degree in Quiet
Pope Francis Blesses Porn Actor's Parrot
George Zimmerman celebrity boxing match confirmed, as rapper The Game offers to fight him: 'I would take pleasure in it'
Toronto's Crack-Smoking Mayor Rob Ford Defends Justin Bieber. 'I wish I was as successful as he was,' the mayor said of the pop star.
Skinny Puppy on Being Used for Guantanamo Torture: "Maybe a Prisoner Was a Fan and Secretly Enjoyed It"
Mexico's Olympic 'Ski Team' Is One Guy in a Mariachi Suit
Guy turns his Lamborghini into a Mustang
'Muppet Police Sketch' Mocked by Internet Leads to Arrest. Who's Laughing Now?
Metal band Skinny Puppy send US government invoice after finding out their music was 'used as tortur
Actress Helen Mirren shows off twerking skills at Harvard University
Vodka to blame for Russia's "extraordinarily high" early death risk
George Zimmerman to fight in celebrity boxing match
Police: Subject of Muppet police sketch nabbed in North Texas
Fan with Seahawks tattoo confident
George Zimmerman agrees to box rapper "The Game" for charity
Police officers forced to eat 15 burgers at a time to toughen them up.
Justin Bieber's Plane Held in NJ on Suspicion of Marijuana
Tucson's plunging temperatures might require a light sweater.
Ohio Man Buried Astride Beloved Harley Motorcycle
Kids Evacuated After Fake Leg Is Mistaken for a Pedophile
Jay Carney On Justin Bieber At WH Press Briefing: I Would Refer You To DHS
Feminist blogger announces ban on male commenters
Man spent 10 years in jail as police dog barked at him. Now, Bombay HC sets him free
High-school freshman won't let having no arms stop NFL dreams
Beer-delivery drone grounded by FAA
Why Shashi Bellamkonda tweeted a selfie while his plane made an emergency landing
People slow to react are more likely to die prematurely, study finds
Police: Woman Put Fecal Matter In Husband's IV During Murder Attempt
There's a Right and Wrong Way to Eat a Hamburger, Scientists Say
SodaStream ignores anti-Israeli critics to quench Palestinian thirst for jobs
Wife and daughter hope dad doesn't leave them for Mars
After five-hour standoff, SWAT discovers no one's home « San Marcos Mercury
North Korea's New Weight Loss Drink Prevents Cancer, Fatness
Mount Rainier renamed to Mount Seattle Seahawks by Washington State Senate
Rob Ford reportedly ticketed in Vancouver for jaywalking & public intoxication
Washington city changes name to "12SAQUAH" in support of Seahawks
Who'd live in a house like this? TV ghost show presenter buys 'portal to hell' house possessed by demons for $35,000
Alleged demon home sells for $35,000
Inside 'Billionaires Row': London's rotting, derelict mansions worth £350m
Police launch crackdown on people who 'commit' rough sleeping
Woman convicted of manslaughter in Mississippi buttocks-injection murder trial
Pope Francis Blesses Porn Star Francesco Lombardi's Talking Parrot.
Hermaphrodite Cumshot - Hardcore sex video
Stop saying "Do what you love, love what you do." It devalues actual work.
Parents of a 9 year old girl caught climbing over a £10m sculpture says she was 'just being anti-establishment'
Death penalty for 'most stupid' Indian killer in UAE for murdering a maid, after she told him she was pregnant and threatened to report him for rape, three years ago: He believed her claims even though they had never had sex, local media reported
On the menu at the Spokane Downtown Daiquiri Factory: 'Date Grape Koolaid'
Pope Francis blesses adult film actor's parrot
DEA Nabs Amtrak Passenger Who Had Kilo Of Cocaine Hidden Inside Homemade Leg Cast
Toronto pol denies tickling Mayor Rob Ford into a frenzy
Rosemary Vogel 'attempted to murder husband with poo'
More Killed by Toddlers Than Terrorists in U.S.
Suspect with world's worst police sketch has been found
Schoolboy, 6, suspended for having Mini Cheddars in his lunchbox
Introducing Franz Kafka, The Game
Today Jay Carney Addressed Justin Bieber at the WH Press Briefing
Man learns that for decades, he was holding onto rare aluminum penny worth hundreds of thousands, maybe even millions | Odd News
Study: Watching Fox News Makes You Less Informed Than Watching No News
Woman finds image of Jesus in her toe bruise
Death penalty for 'most stupid' Indian killer in UAE
George Zimmerman charity boxing match confirmed; The Game offers to "beat the f**k out of him"
Florida man accidentally shoots self on way back from firearms safety class
Neighbors said to fear 'transient academics'
Mom: My 5-year-old son is suicidal
Eric Morkert accidentally shoots self on way back from firearms safety class
Stoned wallabies make crop circles
Ex-TSA Employee To America: "I Saw You Naked, And Yes, We Were Laughing"
Benin alert over "penis theft" panic
Little Kid Is Upset Pokémon Aren't Real, Writes To Santa For Advice
Experience: I caught the plague from my cat
Dear America, I Saw You Naked And yes, we were laughing. Confessions of an ex-TSA agent.
Breaking News: shopping carts are not dog sleds.
Bill proposed to make the "high five" Missouri's official state greeting
Japanese police sergeant resigns after force-feeding officers hamburgers
Walmart warns: Food stamp cuts hurt our profits
A Student Apartment Near Union Square
Singer Unable to Stop Farting After Surgery, Loses Job and Sues Government
Liam Neeson Says Nobody Gets Taken In Taken 3
Los Angeles Is The Model For Food-Truck Freedom, Washington, D.C. Is Protectionist Hell
Manslaughter verdict in buttocks-injection trial
Ohio man's wish fulfilled as he is buried on motorcycle
Xbox One Trolls Trick People Into Using Bing
Police: Woman put fecal matter in husband's IV
Okla. Lawmakers Propose Ban On All Marriages In Response To Gay Marriage Rulings
Auburn University To Offer Beer Brewing Degree Next Fall
More Republicans Push For Fixing, Not Repealing, Obamacare
Man charged with rape after meeting women from personals website
J.K. Rowling Regrets Ron and Hermione's relationship
The ins and outs of owning a retail marijuana store
Canadian band Skinny Puppy invoices U.S. Government after learning their music was used to torture Guantanamo detainees
Mt Rainier becomes Mt Seattle Seahawks
George Zimmerman says celebrity boxing match in his future, at least once
Neighborhood Association Warns that New Hotel Could Attract Transient Academics
Mount Rainier becomes Mount Seattle Seahawks
Authorities in Grand Island say they stopped a man driving drunk with 100 chickens -- only half of them still alive -- in the back of his SUV
Cruel, heartless Obama mocks his most loyal, unquestioning supporters
Mexican scientists turn tequila into diamonds
Towns Fret as 'Bikini Baristas' Draw Crowds
Haunting in Indiana leads to family's exorcism, child's levitation
Porn star wants to have sex with 23 men on her 23rd birthday
Tumbleweeds invade Clovis, New Mexico
Man with rifle, machete arrested for threatening ex-President Bush
Must-See: Black Activists in Chicago Tell Obama to 'Just Quit' After State of the Union Address
'Tumbleweed Invasion 2014': Tumbleweeds bury New Mexico town
New diet based on Marie Antoinette's eating habits claims you can have your cake and eat it too.
'Gorilla breast fetish' women sue
Rob Ford ticketed in Vancouver for jaywalking
Lack of sex pushed 1654 Saudis to seek divorce in 2013
Saudi woman divorced for Kim Kardashian look
NASA sued over Mars 'Jelly Donut' Rock
Lenovo takes aim at Apple and Samsung: "our mission is to surpass them"
Lenovo on Moto aquisition: Our mission is to surpass Apple and Samsung
Saudi cleric calls for babies to wear burqas to prevent rape
Britain's most tattooed man 'King of Ink Land King Body Art The Extreme Ink-Ite' has passport application rejected
American Apparel Redefines Sexy With 62-Year-Old Lingerie Model
NSA complains about German's lack of punctuation and poor spelling in their digital messages. "90% of their phone conversations are objectively uninteresting."
Smart 7-Year-Old Explains The Problem With Gender Stereotypes In A Letter To LEGO
JK Rowling says 'Harry Potter' ending may be wrong
Hawaii snow traps Brooklyn man
Teen Hulk beats mother to death attacks step dad
Irn-Bru ice cream unveiled in Glasgow
BYU-Idaho warns its young men against masturbation in earnest war-themed video
Mormons declare war on masturbation in creepy new video
What time is the Super Bowl? After the lengthy pregame, of course
Gynecologists can now treat men, board rules
Is the 1% greedy? Study says yes
You're a loser if you've given up on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., according to Clark Gregg
Zoo bans monkeys from eating bananas as it's 'equivalent to giving them cake'.
George Zimmerman to take part in 'celebrity boxing match'
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford defends Justin Bieber
Teen arrested for killing brother over "Flappy Bird" game
PM Abbott's 'Promises Delivered' Video Banned By YouTube For "Deceptive Content", His Channel Suspended
Fashion blogger super inspired by Holocaust Memorial in Berlin
Dotcom album cover 'inappropriate'
Soulcalibur 6 in Development Hell Due to Arguments Over How Big Ivy's Breasts Should Be
Don't pick up Quran in Pakistan, it could be a bomb
David Cameron: TV crime dramas show need for 'snooper's charter'
The tragic proof that cannabis can kill: Mother dies from poisoning after smoking drug
Russia announces gay task force patrol Winter Olympics
Should Benedict Cumberbatch say sorry for the slave owners in his family?
'Predator mode' scares off burglars
Another Enraged Maritimer Unable to Get Donair in Toronto - Police Called
Harris County deputy constable arrested in prostitution sting arranged by his agency
Birds bomb entrance to city hall with their poop
Millionaire businessman baffled by ex-wife's anger after he asked her to stay on as a 'sort of housekeeper' for him and his new partner
Millionaire asked ex-wife to stay on as housekeeper after moving new lover into their home
Obama Is Tackled by O'Reilly in Pre-Game Interview
Can couples really get stuck together during sex?
Cops recover Azam Khan's 7 missing buffaloes
Teenager burnt after her iPhone exploded
Super Bowl MVP Malcolm Smith interrupted by 9/11 truther
Hanky-Panky Lands Air Canada Passengers in Slammer
Coca Cola Super Bowl Ad Inspires Racist Twitter Backlash
Australia OKs Dumping Dredge Spoil in Barrier Reef
Anti-Abortion Activists To Boycott Girl Scout Cookies Over Organization's Alleged Ties To Planned Parenthood
Al-Qaeda disowns ISIL rebels in Syria
Caught on CCTV: Thief breaks into shopping mall and tries to have sex with mannequin
House of Lords is no longer a place for fine dining, peers gripe
VIDEO: Robber breaks into shopping centre and has sex with mannequin
Russia: Middle school girl accused of spreading 'gay propaganda' placed under supervision
Charlie Sheen Found Alive In His New York Apartment, Aged 48
NASA sued over jelly doughnut-shaped Martian rock
Man allegedly shot by Aaron Hernandez shot again
Broncos lineman cites Noam Chomsky as a reason for quitting NFL
Ont. fire station, emergency vehicles lost to fire
Women who fake orgasms are more likely to cheat: study
Wikipedia is 'very masculine,' so feminists pledge to fix it
Masturbating Former Cop Doesn't Get Off
[NSFW] Japanese bra helps women find Mr Right not Mr Right Now
Food Stamp Cuts So Devastating Even Walmart Is Too Expensive
Wal-Mart Too Expensive for Food-Stamp Recipients
Hackers Sue German Government Over NSA Spying
Super Bowl XLVIII: 'Passive-aggressive' Seattle fans only sort of riot after Seahawks win
Man Allegedly Pulls Gun On Girl Scout Selling Cookies
Serial Oldham rapist who became hooked on cannabis at age of THREE jailed for viscous sexual assault
'We almost lost our lives': Woman possessed by demons in 'portal to hell' house that terrified even the police chief details her family's terrifying ordeal
George Zimmerman Wants To Fight Kanye West for "Attacking The Defenseless"
George Zimmerman Wants to Fight Kanye West in Celebrity Boxing Match
Microsoft's Kinect Is Now Guarding the Korean Border
City pays woman $40K to keep going topless
Couldn't believe it wasn't already here when I found it.
Coke's Wild Assertion That Other Languages Exist Stirs Controversy
Native American Shuts Down Anti-Illegal Immigrant Protest: 'Y'all Are All Illegal!!!'
NZ finds Black Cocks hard to swallow
GOP governor candidate denies unknown allegations
Elderly man gets his scrotum shaved against his own will by caretakers.
Walmart to pay $25 Billion to move the State Capitol to Bentonville.
Ben Shapiro Actually Blames Philip Seymour Hoffman's Death on 'Broken Leftist Culture'
Shocking: Broncos Fans Turned to Porn After Super Bowl Blowout
Scientists Find Oldest Living Animal, Then Kill It
Pornhub Traffic Change During Super Bowl XLVIII Dropping -50% In Denver and -60% In Seattle.
Victim Six Killed By Hooker's Poisoned Minge [repost from r/WTF]
A 79-year-old Florida woman backed over seven pedestrians Sunday morning while backing out of a handicapped space in a church parking lot, killing three people.
One Legged, 6-Foot-8 Man Allegedly Slices Bar Customers' Tires After Being Denied Service During The Super Bowl
Southborough police have lead in search for 6-foot-8, one-legged man in 'ice cream-style' truck
Student Injured After iPhone Bursts Into Flames in Pants Pocket
Ex - Prisoner has been barred from going into a Northern Ireland jail - to talk about his prison breakout.
Vancouver band demands payment from U.S. government for using their music as torture
James Franco is incredibly proud of James Franco.
Man's Ear Bitten Off During Super Bowl Party
Rutgers University offers class on Beyonce
South Koreans Using Kinect to Monitor DMZ
On-duty UAPD officer arrested for Super Extreme DUI
Scientists Feed Peanut Butter to Jellyfish, Make PB and Jellyfish
What The Energy Industry Can Learn From Lady Gaga
Scientists create peanut butter and jellyfish -- because they can
Oklahoma State's Stevie Clark, who was arrested over the weekend for urinating out car window, Scout.com profile lists "Decision Making" under Areas for Improvement (x-post from /r/collegebasketball)
Judge grants man permission to go to the Super Bowl after he's been arrested with a D.U.I and hit-and-run.
'NekNomination' online drinking craze blamed for death of Irish teen
Truck Carrying 76,000 Pounds of Ribs Goes up in Flames
Students Sign Petition To Have Gun Owners Executed In Concentration Camps
Rabbits Unearth Ancient Treasures at English Landmark
Parents upset over 'game' at middle school that asked questions like 'Do your parents drink?' and 'Has anyone in your family been in jail?'
Saudi man loses more than 700 pounds after King intervenes
Elizabeth Warren Proposes Replacing Payday Lenders With The USPS
George Zimmerman -- I Wanna Fight Kanye West ... For Beating Up 'Defenseless People'
Missing sea eagle, capable of killing small dogs, spotted heading towards Lancashire coastline
HPV vaccine doesn't lead to teen sex
Long-Shot Bill Would Allow NH Voters To Vote 'None Of The Above'
Woman wins right to masturbate at work
The Man Who Received Plastic Surgery to Look Like Justin Bieber Is More Sane Than Justin Bieber
Sochi City Hall Orders Killing Of Stray Dogs
Man in 'Haters Gonna Hate' cap wanted in bank robbery
Queen Elizabeth Orders Kate Middleton to Stop Dressing Like a Harlot
One Month Left Before Viking Apocalypse Ends Life on Earth
Couple die of carbon monoxide poisoning while having sex in car: police
His Friends Know Him as Petroswickonicovick
Oklahoma State PG Stevie Clark kicked off team after allegedly peeing out car window
Husband admits filming wife undressing through bathroom peephole
League of Legends player could face up to 8 years for tasteless Facebook comment
Conspiracy theorists think government planted 'fake snow
Maine police investigating screams find happy pig
"The Bomb" Middle Eastern Restaurant To Open In Eastpointe
Man jailed for life after stabbing wife to death 58 times in Croydon
Council to send 'stop snacking' texts to obese residents
Dad's texting to daughter sparks argument, fatal shooting in movie theater
Beer pairings for Girl Scout cookies....
"Dude Chilling Park" sign approved by Vancouver Park Board
There's No Reason Not to Drink Urine
ROBBER SHOOTS HIS NUTS
People Are Making Tons of Money Betting on (Fake) Pro Wrestling
Denver turns to porn during Super Bowl
Thirteen endangered iguanas seized at Heathrow
the mandatory server training courses don't properly teach how to use a calculator to determine a patron's age.
Airline-Pilot Shortage Arrives Ahead of Schedule
Police responding to domestic violence call about screaming find pigs in heat
North Korea calls Japanese Prime Minister Abe 'Asian Hitler'
Police called to Hanson Road after pig in the throes of a romantic encounter with a group of sows leads neighbor to believe there's an assault taking place.
Partying Seahawks fans wait for green light before spilling into the street to celebrate
TSA Agent Charged With Making Terror Threat at Houston Airport
Couple Dies From Carbon Monoxide Poisoning While Having Sex In Car
For Deer in Germany, the Cold War Never Ended
Students notice distinctive scents around campus
Shirley Manson takes BuzzFeed's "Which Alt-Rock Grrrl Are You?" quiz, discovers she's not herself
Man attempts to rob bank. Is handed a cup of coffee instead and let go.
Woman, 79, kills 3 while backing out of church parking space
With gentrification, Echo Park gang members move outside their turf
The end of the tank? The Army says it doesn't need it, but industry wants to keep building it.
Chicago Patches 100,00th Pothole (X-Post /r/chicago)
Taliban criticise peace talks delay
Ban on ' 'Merica Day' celebration by Fort Collins school draws ire
Postal worker dons pants for first time in 10 years
British art collector sends painting to France to determine authenticity: French committee decides to burn it
Police Investigating Horrific Screams In Maine Find Happy Pig
Syrian couple opens Detroit eatery called The Bomb
Restaurant owner wants failed compliance check fine waived because class didn't cover how to use calculators.
Machiavelli's Prince Lauded by Mervyn King for Ruthless Honesty
Buzzfeed Quiz: What Arbitrary Thing Are You
Putin Tames Leopard That Attacked Journalists in Sochi Reserve
Santa Lucia owner wants Fargo to waive fine because servers class didn't teach how to use calculators.
Castaway lost at sea for 13 months mostly thought about tortillas, chicken, suicide
Virginia Senator Ties Re-Election to Strong Anti-Bieber Platform
AOL is leading the way to make 401(k)s worse for everyone
Paris jewel thief betrayed by a kiss
Why Did Someone Put a Giant Wooden Cock on a Kremlin Critic's Car?
House GOP Candidate: Calling Hillary Clinton The 'Anti-Christ' Was 'Perhaps A Little Harsh'
Teacher suspended for using Lil Wayne lyrics as homework assignment
Ragnarok: One Month Left Before Viking Apocalypse Ends Life on Earth
A Bunch Of Young Lawyers Are Suing Their Law Schools Because They Don't Have Jobs
Baby DJ School Teaches Kids to be Real DJs
Man With 3-D Printer Prints 3-D Printer That Prints 3-D Printer That Prints 3-D Printer
Man bites brother's ear off during Super Bowl party
Zac Efron confirms talks with makers of JJ Abrams' Star Wars: Episode VII
Mosquito sperm have 'sense of smell,' make sperm swim harder -- ScienceDaily
GOP Congressional Candidate Dick Black Doesn't Have A Problem With Spousal Rape
Feds: NSA 'Probably' Spies on Members of Congress
Sen. Ted Cruz: Not enforcing federal marijuana laws in Colorado is 'dangerous to liberty'
Iphone lights girls pants on fire
T.a.T.u., Pop Duo with Lesbian Image, Set to Play Opening of Winter Olympics
Obama's High School Pot Dealer Beaten To Death By Gay Lover
Government tweets take weeks of planning, 12-step protocol
Putin "Calms" Sochi Leopard Cub
Funeral planning? Consider hitting the mall
BYU to Undergrads: Self-Love Is A Battlefield
When in Rome: RHCP fake it like true pop stars at Super Bowl
Authorities search for monkey believed to be breaking into cars
Winter is the most popular time to get pregnant
Maine squirrel hunter says he accidentally shot ice fisherman
City Patches 100,000th Pothole
Chris Brown dodges jail time again
Sports Illustrated Celebrates 50 Years of Giving Women Who Aren't Athletes a Shot at the Cover
The 11 listiest lists ever published on Buzzfeed.
Board: Shooting civilians during manhunt for ex-cop violated policy
Red Hot Chili Peppers Did Not Plug in Their Guitars for Superbowl halftime show
Study: Less war improves mental health of soldiers
Sweden runs out of garbage
South Sudanese Troops Steal Backpacks Meant for Children
Screaming male pig concerns neighbor in China
Actress says Egypt needs a Hitler figure
Finding Nemo Star "Bruce" Killed in WA Shark Cull
Paraplegic Florida Man Steals Car From Dealership, Leads Cops on Three-County Chase
Florida Man Allegedly Set Fire To Tampa Apartment Building Because Management Told Him To Stop Masturbating
Maine police responding to reports of screaming, possible domestic assault, find amorous pig
Missouri lawmaker wants to make the high-five the official state greeting
Kansas Senator Wants Indian-American Nominee to Meet His Cool Indian Friends
Florida man allegedly rams shopping cart into Walmart customer abusing 'express lane'
Realistic statue of man in his underwear at Wellesley College sparks controversy
Florida Man Arrested for Bestiality Speaks: "I Want My Donkey Back"
Driver says diarrhea prevented her from stopping to help pedestrian
Carlos Romero, Accused Of Donkey Sex, Lambastes Florida's 'Backwards' Attitude Towards Animal Sex (NSFW)
Prehistoric village found in downtown Miami
The NSA Wants to Cool Data Snoop Centers with Americans' Poop
George Zimmerman Will Fight DMX In 'Celebrity' Boxing Match
First homosexual caveman found
Oklahoma Lawmakers Consider Banning All Marriages to Prevent Gay Marriage in State
Microsoft ad asks you to "ditch your PS3"
People take risks because they can't stop themselves
George Zimmerman agrees to fight rapper DMX in a 3 round boxing match.
George Zimmerman to fight rapper DMX in celebrity boxing bout
TRENDING: Women give men Valentine's Day chocolates made with their own menstrual blood
George Zimmerman will fight DMX in celebrity boxing match, confirms promoter
Couple having car sex in garage die of carbon monoxide poisoning
Senator Wants Justin Bieber Deported
Bait shop intruder scared away by Big Mouth Billy Bass
DMX to fight George Zimmerman in celebrity boxing match.
Clay Aiken makes it official: He will run for Congress
U of T student loses bid to avoid class with women because he's shy
The Pentagon: F-35 Delayed After Fourth Prototype Becomes Self-Aware And Has To Be Destroyed
Giant rats to inherit the Earth
Clay Aiken running for Congress in North Carolina
Dog eats £80000 Aston martin
Abu Dhabi wife stabs "cheating husband" with kitchen knife over affair. Abu Dhabi Police advise husbands who are cheating -or considering cheating- on their wives to hide all sharp utensils in case they get found out.
Club Smug hits back after 'images of blue whale drinking alcohol' (x-post r/dubai)
School officials are no fans of gun ban signs
Students film feminist porno in Columbia University library
Clay Aiken, American Idol Star, Running for Congress
DMX Will Box George Zimmerman For Charity
Gates Spends Entire First Day Back in Office Trying to Install Windows 8.1
Obituary describes woman as 'evil and violent'
GATES SPENDS ENTIRE FIRST DAY BACK IN OFFICE TRYING TO INSTALL WINDOWS 8.1 Gates Spends Entire first day back in Office Trying to Install Windows 8.1
Vladimir Putin's leopard 'friend' attacks reporters
Woman with anorexia told by hospital to 'go get some supper'
Leopard bites media members during Vladimir Putin photoshoot
U.S. Agent in Gorilla Suit Catches Primate Smugglers
Study Confirms that Men Stare at Women's Breasts
George Zimmerman and DMX to Fight in Celebrity Boxing Match
Iran investigates health risks of jamming TV signals. Experts will study whether equipment used to block access to foreign-based TV channels could cause cancer.
DMX and George Zimmerman to fight in a boxing match
Schoolboy, 13, rapes his eight-year-old sister after watching porn on the X-Box because he 'wanted to try it out.'
News: UK Bans Cheap Alcohol
Six year old schoolboy suspended for having mini cheddars in his lunch box has now been expelled
Japan developing cyborg cockroaches to form wireless sensor network
Electric Cars Are Getting Engine Sounds to Make Them Safer
'Biggest Loser' winner slammed for being too thin
Justin Bieber's Weed Smoke Forces Pilots To Wear Masks, While Attendant Hid In Cockpit To Avoid Abuse
Noted deaf composer admits his music was ghostwritten
Anorexia patient told by ER nurse to 'go get some supper'
Council to send obese people 'motivational' texts
Russia Blocking a Yogurt Shipment From Reaching U.S. Olympians
AL High School Student in Hot Water After Posting 'Cadaver Selfie' to Instagram
17 year old kid pulls Mission Impossible-style heist, steals Guy Fieri's Lambo, plans takeover robbery of a famous San Francisco jewelry store
Man sets apartment on fire after management tells him to stop masturbating near window
Paris DNA crime: Parting kiss 'traps jewellery robber'
Sochi plans mass killing of stray dogs ahead of Winter Olympics
What Can Sharks and Jellyfish Teach Us About Marijuana and President Obama?
Journalists at Sochi are live-tweeting their hilarious and gross hotel experiences
Plumber impressively surfs 80-foot wave
The High Five Could Become Missouri's Official Greeting
McGruff the Crime Dog sentenced to 16 years for drugs
Middle School Teacher Suspended for Assigning Lil Wayne Lyrics as Homework
All-Female College Terrified by Creepy Underwear Man Statue
Pat Robertson implores creationist Ken Hamm to shut up: "Let's not make jokes of ourselves."
Schoolboy now expelled in lunchbox row over Mini Cheddars
Cardboard Ayatollah Returns: Cutout of Ruhollah Khomeini tours Iran.
Naked man attacks teen and tries to eat his face before he was shot
Pa. man paralyzed by tipped toilet gets $5M
Clay Aiken launches bid for Congress
Australia: Daredevil toddlers take up extreme sports
Florida Panthers will give you a seat in exchange for losing lottery tickets
NJ man killed in oven explosion was 'brilliant engineer,' friend says
Pat Robertson to Ken Ham: "Let's not make a joke out of ourselves."
Skinny Puppy bills Pentagon $666K in royalties for unauthorized use of its music at Gitmo
A group of soldiers in the Central African Republic's capital have lynched a man they suspected of having been a rebel, minutes after hearing Catherine Samba-Panza, the new interim president, promise to restore security at a ceremony to reinstate the divided country's armed forces
PD: Naked Man Terrorizes Florida Family
13-year-old schoolboy raped sister, 8, after watching porn on Xbox to "try it out"
Waukesha man accused of selling Play-Doh, saying it was Ecstasy
Woman becomes first person to be jailed for 'trolling herself'
Firefighter arrested by CHP after dispute at crash site - San Diego, California News Station
Gates Spends Entire First Day Installing Windows 8.1
Woman Jailed for Trolling Herself on Facebook.
Man Attempts Bank Robbery With Toilet Plunger
Al Qaeda rejects its Syrian Branch for being "Too Brutal"
Undies Sculpture: 'I Find It Disturbing, But in a Good Way'
Parents who dress their daughters in pink damaging the economy, says minister
Joe Biden's Corvette bummer
Maryland Middle School Throws Party for Smart Kids Only
Wellesley president defends statue of underwear man that freaks people out
Lawmakers Considering Throwing Out Marriage in Oklahoma to Prevent Gay Marriage
Cop cuffs fireman in crash site dispute
Tractor thieves getaway foiled by mud
The band Skinny Puppy bills Pentagon for playing its songs at Guantanamo.
Seahawks Fans Refuse to Jaywalk While Celebrating Super Bowl Victory
My buffaloes more famous than Queen Victoria: Azam Khan
Seahawks fans celebrated Super Bowl win without jaywalking
Wintry weather led to arrest of woman for 1977 prison escape while serving time in shoplifting case
Pat Robertson implores creationist Ken Ham to shut up: 'Let's not make a joke of ourselves'
Two charged in jogger's fatal shooting in Duncan thought gun had blanks, witness testifies
Lion King signs with Eastern Michigan
Indiana Pacers Paul George Tried To Pay Miami Stripper $1M To Abort His Baby
Good Samaritan's car stolen by crash victim she stopped to help
Jesse Ventura off the grid and hiding from drones while being interviewed by CNBC via internet
Promoter: "DMX will fight George Zimmerman in boxing match"
Death of Texas man with slit throat and missing ear ruled 'accidental overdose'
Police: Dapper dresser in 3-piece suit, fedora holds up Walmart
Olympic Threat: US Warns Airlines About Toothpaste Tube Bomb
Asian countries accuse each other of being Nazis
Indiana man starts online petition to stop the snow
Weed-Legalizing President Nominated For Nobel Peace Prize
Burglars Foiled By Singing Big Mouth Billy Bass
Student high on party drug cuts off his own penis after stabbing mother
Alfred Wright: Found Dead, Ear Missing, Throat Cut; Texas Police Claim He Overdosed
Ice-T Records a D&D Audio Book
Pat Robertson begs Ken Ham to shut up
Ice-T finds recording Dungeons & Dragons audiobook 'impossible'
Chicago-area school officials don't like 'no guns' stickers that picture guns
Mistaken for cat, wild raccoon attacks Hingham woman in bed
Legal experts gobsmacked after British judge orders Mormon leader to prove faith's origins
Jewellery store robber kisses owner on the cheek to 'ease her trauma,' is tracked down due to DNA swab
Man threatens to mug couple, fails, and loses his fedora in the process.
Cold-Weather Benefit: Shivering May Count As Exercise
Boy (10) drives car, dad drinks beer
Entrance to NBA area will be guarded by two twenty-foot smoothie cups.
Controversy Surrounds Lunch Menu at Concord High School. The school announced a lunch of fried chicken, cornbread and watermelon to celebrate Black History Month
Man attempts to mug couple, fails, and loses fedora in the process.
Subway Removing Shoe Rubber Chemical From Bread
A machine inspired by a common toilet plunger will be used to do CPR in the field.
Russia Blocks Yogurt Bound for U.S. Athletes
Occupy Protesters are in the process of forming the reason why they are protesting.
Google slaps phishing warning on GOP website
A terror group too brutal for al Qaeda?
Woman trolls herself on Facebook, gets almost two years in prison
Russian artist nails scrotum to Red Square cobbles - video | World news
Petr Pavlensky: why I nailed my scrotum to Red Square
Goldman Sachs Sued for Selling Libya Billions in "Worthless" Options
Ice-T Accidentally Recorded A 'Dungeons & Dragons' Audiobook
Abu Dhabi wife stabs 'cheating husband' with kitchen knife over affair - leading policeman advises cheating men to hide all sharp objects from their wives.
Jamaican bobsleigh team lose luggage
Cleaner Norman Saleh given Michigan house after finding $100,000
Sochi 2014: Jamaica bobsleigh team lose luggage & miss training
Is Cannabis More Dangerous Than Alcohol? Let's Ask Bigfoot
Scottish brewery launches 'not for gays' beer, sends a crate to Putin
Man accused of setting fire after masturbation complaints
Woman drives into Kroger, hits register
'Don't whiz on the Alamo,' Texas tells man facing jail
Faster cyclists are more attractive, study says
No Jail For Teen With 'Affluenza' Who Killed 4 In Crash
BuzzFeed Style Guide: The BuzzFeed Style Guide aims to provide a prevailing, and evolving, set of standards for the internet and social media.
Giant naked man attacks police officer and bites man's face during rampage
Jerk CHP Officer Handcuffs Firefighter Helping Car Crash Victims
School officials deeply troubled over guns appearing ON SIGNS BANNING GUNS
PETA wants monument honoring chickens killed in Gainesville truck wreck
Germany must use military more, says president
Hingham police: Raccoon attacks woman in bed who thought it was her cat
Riot Granted Patent for Time Machine
Pope's Harley Davidson sold at auction for more than £200,000
Toothpaste threatens Olympics while poisoned dogs, bad hotel rooms taint Games
Namco Bandai to be rebranded as Bandai Namco
Adult 'Pajama Party' At Krazy Kids Play Center Doesn't Go Over So Well
Counterfeit Cashmere Clothes Containing Rat Fur Exposed
Mayor Rob Ford proclaims Bob Marley day in Toronto.
Winning the lottery makes you more conservative, study finds
Winter Olympians to Follow on Instagram
US warns Russia of 'Toothpaste Bomb'
Controversy Surrounds Lunch Menu at Concord High School
Jaunty tomahawk-wielding offender drops fedora after East Victoria Park mugging
Vancouver band demands compensation after learning music used for Guantanamo Bay torture
MAN ATTEMPTS BANK ROBBERY WITH TOILET PLUNGER, POLICE SAY
Sochi Official: Our Shower Surveillance Footage Says Hotels Are Fine
PETA wants to build a memorial for chickens killed in highway wreck
Woman Rams Car into Kroger Store...Again
Virginia Bill to Decriminalize Sex Outside of Marriage Stalls
Pope Francis Meets Giant Chocolate Pope
Pope Francis meets life-sized chocolate replica of himself
Russia Says Its Sochi Bathroom Spy Cameras Show No Plumbing Problems
Hotel Shower Surveillance Footage In Sochi Shows Sabotage
Russian Official: Our Video Surveillance of Sochi's Showers Proves Sabotage
Sochi bathroom surveillance video shows journalists intentionally sabotaging facilities, deputy prime minister Dmitry Kozak claims.
Burglar thwarted by singing fish
Student Posts Selfie With Cadaver in Alabama, Causes Outrage
Russian Officials Fire Back at Olympic Critics: One Sochi Defender Claims Only 103 Registered Complaints; 'Surveillance Video' in Hotel Rooms
Furiex Pharma Diarrhea Drug Produces Solid Results in Pivotal Studies
Bridge open after De-icing liquid freezes
Robots to roam Tate Britain at night
Nigerian Gay couple forced to have sex in public by mob. [x-post]
Steve Wozniak: Apple Should Make an Android Phone | Gadget Lab
Taliban Brag About Latest Battlefield Captive -- a Dog
Creepily lifelike sculpture of undies-clad sleepwalker prompts 'freaked out' students to launch petition
Nigerian Gay Couple Forced To Have Public Sex By Mob
Australian who threw girlfriend off balcony described as 'best boyfriend' by new girlfriend
Council Spends £10,000 On 'Motivational' Texts To Encourage Obese People
Singing fish may have thwarted burglary at Rochester business
"Beethoven" of video game music not really a composer, may not be deaf
Pat Robertson Disagrees With Creationist Ken Ham, Says 'Let's Not Make A Joke Of Ourselves'
Taliban fighters release video of United States dog being held captive.
Woman Put in Jail for Trolling Herself by Creating Fake Facebook Pages.
James Carville Joins Fox News
School Nixes Plan to Honor Black History Month with Fried Chicken and Watermelon
Shotgun accident victim 'tried to burn down apartment block' after being banned from pleasuring himself in front of his neighbours
Sochi Hotel Guests Complain About Topless Portraits of Putin in Rooms
Drummer in [Prime Minister of Canada] Harper's band charged with sexual assault
11 arrested for running hotel which allegedly cooked and sold human meat to guests
School Apologizes For Serving Fried Chicken, Watermelon At Lunch On Black History Month
EPA: Flammable Parker County water poses no threat
McGruff the Crime Dog Jailed for 16 Years for Drugs and Weapons
Humans Now Account for Less Than 40% of Web Traffic
Sochi Hotel Guests Complain About Topless Portraits of Putin in Rooms at Olympics
Officials Investigate Unattended Death At Cedar Rapids Cemetery
Russian official says government has video surveillance of Sochi hotel room showers
Pope Francis confronts a life-size chocolate version of himself
School administrators apologize for menu of fried chicken, cornbread & watermelon meant to celebrate Black History Month (xpost r/news)
Dog of war: Taliban claims to have captured military canine
School administrators apologize for menu of fried chicken, cornbread & watermelon meant to celebrate Black History Month
Justin Bieber shows prompt Norwegian schools to reschedule exams
Australian government to release up to 22,000 black mambas in order to fight against cane toads.
Tube Strike Backfires As Commuters Steal Train Keys And Drive Themselves
Prosecution: Wrong twin brother charged with murder
School in Louisiana apologizes for Black History Month themed lunch menu
School Planned to Serve Fried Chicken, Watermelon for Black History Month Lunch
2014 Sochi Olympics: Smile for the shower camera!
George Zimmerman Wants To Box Kanye West Because Of The Star's Rows With 'Defenseless'
School apologizes for black history lunch menu
Cop handcuffs on-duty firefighter for not moving truck
Bank of America Sends Credit Card Offer to "Lisa Is a Slut McIntire"
Afghan Taliban capture British military dog
Circus elephant hurt in drive-by shooting returning to Mississippi after recovering at Missouri farm
Man on GranvilleStreet pays passersby money to have their groin kicked (Video)
Bungling police dog is FIRED for slacking off work to play with trash when he's supposed to be looking for drugs
'Ridiculous': How a Firefighter Ended Up in Handcuffs While Helping Victims at Scene of Serious Car Accident | Video
Group of Michigan superheroes fractured by crime-fighting feud
Northern California school apologizes for commemorating Black History Month with lunch of fried chicken, cornbread, and watermelon.
Skinny Puppy says its music used for torture at Guantanamo
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford launching YouTube show
Subway to remove 'shoe rubber' chemical from bread
Deceased GA teens body stuffed with newspaper
Bill Gates spends entire day trying to install Windows 8. Gives up and installs Windows 7 instead.
Black History Month Lunch of Chicken, Watermelon Causes Controversy
School Menu Includes Fried Chicken, Watermelon And Cornbread For Black History Month
Snowflakes with high water content blamed for icy conditions
The Nazi murder law that still exists
The Sleepwalker at Wellesley: Students complain that a statue of a man in his underwear is "sexual assault."
School Apologizes for Fried Chicken on Black History Month Menu.
Cameroon footballer Engi, who arrived in Croatia to play for NK Metalac in the eastern Croatian town of Osijek, has ended his football career to take up the role of chief of his tribe in his homeland
Deaf Composer Admits Faking Work
Bill Nye Wins Over Science Crowd at Evolution Debate
Hopes for depressed Argentina polar bear to go to Canada
A Visit to a Mormon Temple... On Acid!
Evander Holyfield admits to punching a pregnant horse in the jaw before being the first housemate to be evicted from Celebrity Big Brother 2014
Driver crashes car into local theatre, fatally stabs himself
Turns Out Japan's Greatest Deaf Composer Is Neither Deaf nor a Composer, Apparently
Couples who have premarital sex to be considered 'married,' says Indian High Court.
Taliban Forces Hold Dog Hostage
37 Year-Old Housewife: "Every Japanese Citizen Should Receive a Nobel Peace Prize!"
Scandal! N.H. police commissioner resigns over duck murder cover up
Worst Day of the Year Ride Canceled Because of Bad Weather
Couple Charged After His Daughter Died From Drinking Soda
Mie dentist arrested after massaging woman's chest
Bill Gates Spends Entire First Day Back Trying to Install Windows 8.1
Tesla Motors blamed in fatal bike crash suit in Santa Cruz due to "New Car Smell"
National Republican Congressional Campaign using fake Democrat websites to lure voters
Tesla Motors named in fatal bike crash suit in Santa Cruz
A pillow shortage of Olympic proportions - Sochi is running out of pillows.
Soon to Grace the NYC Skyline: Towers Made of Fungus
Russia Says It Knows Journalists Are Overhyping Sochi Hotel Problems Because It's Spying On Them
February statistically proven to have the shittiest movies
Dog sabotaged by cat - eats 27 hairbands!
Black father found dead with throat cut, ear missing: Texas sheriff claims he overdosed
Panera May Be Eating Subway's Lunch (PNRA)
"Worst day of the year" bike ride cancelled because of bad weather.
Catholic school apologizes for fried chicken, watermelon Black History Month menu
Man wins $862K for tripping at IRS audit
5-year-old girl dies from being forced to drink grape soda
Browser extension replaces pictures of Tony Abbott with kittens
Bill O'Reilly Pretty Sure His Obama Interview Will Go Down in History
Tesla Motors named in fatal bike crash suit due to new car smell
With watering budgets drying up, House of Commons plants to be removed, sold online.
Here's an animated preview of the DMX vs Zimmerman boxing match
Subway removing yoga mat chemical from bread.
Indian Businessman Dazzles The World With His $230k Shirt Made Of Real Gold
SCIENTISTS TAP INTO CLOUDS OF PURE ALCOHOL IN OUTER SPACE
Brutal winter melts salt supplies, spurs cheesy alternatives
When woman calls, she demands an answer
Science Confirms The Obvious: Being Shot In The Face Is Bad
Biden: LaGuardia like a 'third world country' - CNN Political Ticker
Clay Aiken announces campaign for Congress
Creationist Ken Ham compares Bill Nye to Eve for offering fruit from 'Tree of Knowledge'
Former World Bank chief backs global "Super Currency"
USPS Destroys Millons of Stamps Deemed "Too Dangerous" for Kids.
There's a giant robot directing traffic in Congo
Toronto student 'too shy' to attend class full of women loses human rights bid against fail grade
Afghan Taliban claim capturing US military dog
Tired Gay succumbs to Dix in 200 meters
US military canine 'in Afghan Taliban custody'
The Verge: Industrial band Skinny Puppy bills the US government for torturing prisoners with its music
School Apologizes For Serving Fried Chicken, Watermelon And Cornbread To 'Honor' Black History Month
Program Rewards Teen Moms-To-Be Who Stay Sober
New program rewards teens who remain alcohol-free during pregnancy
Bank of America Mailer Calls Bay Area Woman a "Slut"
Gregory House MD is so amazing he's even saved a real-life patient
Indian villager scammed into travelling 1,000 miles to claim bogus "BBC lottery"
Man travels 1,000 miles to claim bogus prize
Rain-lashed penguins at Scarborough sanctuary given antidepressants
Ten reasons to lift weights with your vagina
Worst-Day-of-the-Year ride cancelled due to bad weather
JPMorgan's Blythe Masters to Join Swaps Regulator Panel
76-year-old German woman celebrates birthday with cocaine binge in Berlin bar
School apologises for Black History Month menu of fried chicken, cornbread and watermelon.
Faux-lesbian pop duo tATu to headline Sochi opening ceremony
School sorry for serving fried chicken, watermelon for Black History Month
A school principal in southern Sweden has banned pupils from posing for class photos wearing national team shirts containing Swedish flags, since national flags may be perceived by some as xenophobic,
Patient's Life Saved when Doctors Remember Seeing those Symptoms on an Episode of "House"
Fred the K-9 pink-slipped by Gulfport Police | Gulfport
TV series House M.D. saves German patient as doctors remembered watching the same symptons in an episode of House M.D. (xpost from worldnews)
Mayor Rob Ford calls in sick on Bob Marley Day
School has fried chicken, watermelon and cornbread "in honor" of black history month
Homeless men allegedly kicked in the groin for money
British woman live tweets National Signing Day after fans confuse her for former Auburn player Dee Ford
School gives students fried chicken, watermelon and cornbread "in honor" of black history month
Murder suspect is set free due to ink shortage in fax machine
Justin Bieber wants to get baptized, goes pool shopping
Biden: 'No Obvious Reason' He Shouldn't Run For President
South Korea firm to sell 'bullying insurance'
TV series House M.D. saves German patient as doctors remembered watching the same symptons in an episode of the program
BIDEN: There's No Good Reason I Shouldn't Run For President
Big Mouth Billy Bass scares off would-be burglar
Kazakhstan president Nursultan Nazarbayev Urges: Drop the 'Stan'
Student takes selfie with dead body, posts it on Instagram
Offensive Black History Month Menu: Carondelet High School For Girls Apologizes For Fried Chicken, Watermelon, Cornbread Lunch
Dubai Police Now Drive A $1.6 Million Bugatti Veyron
Penguins given antidepressants to cope with the British weather
Dubai Police adds Bugatti Veyron to its supercar fleet
50% discount on World Cup tickets to fans with BMI 30 or higher
Taliban Say Captured Dog is-Being-Well Cared For
2014 World Cup Selling Seats Specifically For Obese Fans
Skinny Puppy band demands $666,000 for music used in Gitmo torture
Will Google Translate Let Us Talk to Aliens and Dolphins?
Wendy Williams' talk show items go to Smithsonian
Judge Fired After Sunbathing Nude In Her Chambers
Taliban Say Captured 'Military Dog' Is Being Well Cared For : The Two-Way : NPR
Russia: Journalists are sabotaging our showers, and we have the hidden camera surveillance video to prove it!
Florida Ordinance Makes It Illegal For Homeless To Use Blankets
TV's Dr. House helps solve a real medical mystery
Female student dies after male paramedics barred from entering women's-only campus
Kazakh leader may drop the 'stan' in Kazakhstan
Taliban Take Military Dog Hostage
McGruff The Crime Dog Actor Sentenced To 16 Years For Pot, Grenade Launcher
McGruff the Crime Dog jailed for pot and grenade launcher
Cadaver Selfie: Alabama High School Student Posts Photo With Dead Body To Instagram
We're Spying on You in Shower, Says Russian Official
Tennessee pair kill daughter by making her drink 2 liters of grape soda
Diddy Sued for $1 Trillion, Blamed for 9/11
Gathering Of The Juggalos Leaves Illinois For Missouri
Christians: 1 Weird Trick to Keep Atheists From Hassling You Online!
Customs dispute deprives U.S. athletes of Chobani yogurt
Black activitists and politicians force Trader Joe's grocery out: Claim it would attract too many whites
Republicans Are Setting Up Fake Websites for Democratic Candidates
Sochi Hotel Guests Complain About Topless Portraits of Putin in Rooms at Olympics : The New Yorker
Ice-T recorded an audiobook for Dungeons & Dragons by mistake
Student Government Party Called "Taco Libre Party" Only Aim To Bring Taco Ball Back To UF's Campus
Oklahomans belittle poor 'wuss' kids without coats after schools close over frost bite fear
Feminist Writer Receives Letter From Bank of America Addressed to 'Lisa Is a Slut McIntire'
Fat camp for elephants planned in California
RSPCA warns cats can take off in high winds
French inmate freed after fax runs out of ink
Traffic circle in Poland named after Slayer guitarist Jeff Hanneman
Goose falls in love with sheep that thinks it's a dog
U.S. Postal Service Announces Giant Ammo Purchase
Let's Stop Pretending That French Is an Important Language
Man in Bradford traffic queue given parking ticket
Watchdog fail: PETA killed nearly 2,000 shelter animals in 2013 - report
5-year-old Disney star gets death threats when her show introduces same-sex couple
Man's Life Saved Because His Doctor Watched "House"
"McGruff Crime Dog" actor busted for drugs and grenade launchers after canine search
'Hunger Games' To Use CGI to Recreate Philip Seymour Hoffman
'No colors allowed': Facebook video leads to uproar over Taylor bar sign | Detroit Free Press
Woman jailed for trolling HERSELF by bombarding her own Facebook page with abuse
Concern after no 2013 Loch Ness Monster sightings
'Sex strike' against leading Tokyo governor candidate
Woman Jailed for Trolling Herself
Parents Force 5yo Daughter to OD of Grape Soda
McGruff The Crime Dog actor jailed for possessing 1,000 pot plants and a grenade launcher
McGruff the Crime Dog Actor Jailed for Pot, Grenade Launchers
Paging Dr Haus: German doctor cures mystery illness after recalling a similar diagnosis from Hugh Laurie's curmudgeonly antihero House
Teen Charged With Child Porn After Tweeting Nude Pictures of Herself
Madison, WI OWI lawyer sentenced for 2nd OWI
Teen Posts Selfie With Dead Body
Teen Posts Smiley Selfie With Dead Body On Instagram
Why boyfriend rentals are booming in China (kisses cost extra)
California school apologies for friend chicken and watermelon black history month menu
Clint Eastwood Makes Man's Day AND His Life
Women in Tokyo are threatening a sex boycott against any man who votes for the front-runner in this weekend's gubernatorial election, in protest at his claim that menstruation makes women unfit for government.(x-post from /r/worldnews)
Monkey scratch on daughter leads to mother's arrest
Sochi Olympics Opening Ceremony: Russian Police Choir Performs Daft Punk's 'Get Lucky'
DA: Santa Cruz Tesla driver to face misdemeanor in fatal bike crash
Russian Police Choir Wins Olympics With 'Get Lucky' Performance
Official: Clint Eastwood saved my life
Russian Police Choir performs 'Get Lucky' at Opening Ceremony
"It got a bit out of hand!": Man who put his girlfriend up for sale on eBay as a joke inundated with bids
Are Xbox Motion Sensors Watching North Korea?
Rand Paul Really Wants To Make Monica Lewinsky A Problem For Democrats... 16 Years Later
'Racist' School Lunch Menu Causes Outrage: Fried Chicken and Watermelon for Black History Month
Report: Jim Bob Cooter to join Lions Coaching Staff
Ice-T records 'Dungeons & Dragons' audiobook, calls it 'impossible to read'
Kazakhstan's President Is Tired of His Country's Name Ending in 'Stan'
Tesla driver blames fatal crash on new-car smell
Crime Dog Actor Sentenced For Pot, Weapons
Eastern Michigan Lands In-State DE Lion King Conaway
iPhone 6 Fan Started Waiting in Line 7 Months Early in Japan.
School apologizes for Black History lunch menu that included fried chicken, watermelon
'No colors allowed': Facebook video leads to uproar over Taylor bar sign
The U.K.'s Year of Code director, Lottie Dexter, doesn't know how to code.
'Goodnight Earth. Goodnight humanity': China's Jade Rabbit rover tweets its own death
Black activists and politicians force Trader Joe's grocery out: Claim it would attract too many whites
St. Louis jobseeker mailed feces to companies that failed to hire him
Someone sent death threats to a 5-year-old Disney star after her show featured lesbians
California School Sorry for Black History Month Menu
Former McGruff the Crime Dog busted on gun and drug charges
Democrats hope this man's haircut can save the Senate
Woman who lit 2014 Olympic flame in Sochi tweeted a racist photo of Barack Obama
Controversial Black History Month lunch menu in California
State Department warns US travelers about privacy threats in Sochi
Kansas City fire truck is involved in wreck as crews head to apartment fire
School serves fried chicken and watermelon for Black History Month
Husband 'who drugged his wife and sexually abused her with a tree frog' is charged with rape and animal cruelty
Russian Official To Hotel Critics: We Have Surveillance Videos Of You In The Bathroom
Japanese Jokesters; Catapult sleeping man to the Heavans
Franck Ribéry a doubt for Arsenal tie after burst blood vessel in buttock
Penguins given anti-depressants over incessant UK rain
Three Police Officers arrested for having 'extreme' pornographic images on their phones
Ohio man who told kids he was Santa had child porn
Downing Street police arrested over allegations of pornography exchange
Enthusiasm for Technology Comes with a Cost
Military Dog, Ranked Colonel, Captured by Taliban
Crowdsourced iPhone Spyware Will Help China Turn the Moon Into an EMP "Death Star"
Ex-McGruff the Crime Dog actor gets prison for pot farm, weapons charges
British woman jailed for trolling herself on Facebook in effort to frame father, stepmother
The Lego Movie is 'Anti-Business' According to Fox Business Network
Poll: More Americans 'Can't Live Without' Laptops, Smartphones Than Sex
Man Responsible For Olympic Ring Mishap Found Dead In Sochi
Stuck in Sochi bathroom, U.S. bobsledder Johnny Quinn smashes door
Mark Harper resigns as Immigration Minister after it emerges that his cleaner didn't have permission to work in the UK
Researchers want your body odor to be your new ID
Immigration minister Mark Harper quits over cleaner's visa - BBC News
Immigration minister Mark Harper quits over cleaner's visa
Immigration Minister Mark Harper resigns after employing a cleaner working in the UK illegally
Oklahoma Restaurant Owner Won't Serve Blacks, Hispanics, 'Faggots' or 'Freaks'
Immigration minister who started 'Go home' campaign resigns for employing illegal immigrant
Dino-chicken? Scientists fix fowl with fake tails to strut like dinosaurs
Zimmerman boxing match; now Casey Anthony to do charity run
Immigration minister, employing illegal immigrant
Outrage as private high school puts fried chicken, corn bread and WATERMELON on black history month lunch menu
McGruff the Crime Dog gets 16 years in jail for stockpile of grenade launchers, weed
Woman called a "slut" on Bank of America Credit Card Offer
95% Say George Zimmerman Boxing Match Should Be Canceled
Sochi unveils the world's first 'selfie building'
Canada's first crack pipe vending machines come to Vancouver
Terrell Owens Married a Postal Worker, Getting Divorced Two Weeks Later
School sorry for Black History lunch menu of watermelon, fried chicken
State Department, without a hint of irony, warns US travelers about privacy threats in Sochi
McGruff The Crime Dog gets 16 years for having 1,000 pot plants and a grenade launcher
California high school apologizes for 'offensive' lunch menu
Driver says 'new car smell' caused fatal accident
Yogurt-eating mice found to have larger testicles
Real Women Poop At Their Boyfriend's, With The Door Closed
Portland Police Seek Flasher With Intestines Growing out of His Face
American Bobsledder Johnny Quinn Breaks out of Bathroom in Sochi
Flappy Bird Developer Says He's Taking The Hit Game Down Tomorrow
The fatality rate among hard drug users is 14 times higher than for the general population [x-post /r/science]
The fatality rate among hard drug users is 14 times higher than for the general population
U.S. bobsledder Johnny Quinn, trapped in bathroom, breaks through door to escape
NAACP Holding Rally to Protest Voter ID Laws; Photo IDs Required to Attend
Iran Sends Warships to US Maritime Borders
Worst Day of the Year Ride shut down completely by snow
Police: Parents kill girl with excessive soda
PETA tries to apply for 10-foot roadside tombstone to honor chickens who died in truck crash
U.S. bobsledder gets locked in bathroom, kicks his way out
Promoter Cancels George Zimmerman/DMX Fight Due To Common Sense
Fake Burger King leaves customers asking questions
8% of Ireland's population to attend Garth Brooks concerts this summer
TECH More: Tinder Olympics Sochi Olympics Olympic Snowboarder Is Bummed Her Competitors Aren't Using Tinder In Sochi
Beaumont police cite man dressed as banana carrying AK-47
Elderly injured on Bingo Excursion
Undercover narcotics agent poses as heroin addict; gets addicted to heroin
Florida Ordinance Makes it Illegal for Homeless to Use Blankets to Protect Themselves from Weather
Tennessee couple facing prison in death of girl, 5, after forcing her to drink 2 liters of soda
Racist school lunch: Fried chicken, watermelon lunch 'perpetuates stereotypes'
Police question a man dressed as a banana carrying an AK-47
Man in banana costume with rifle cited for solicitation.
Man Responsible For Olympic Ring Mishap Found Dead In Sochi: Ruled 'Accident'
Former bank exec charged in bank robbery
T-Mobile Wins Lawsuit Against AT&T Over the Colour Purple
Parents force 5-year-old to drink grape soda until she dies
'Dumb Starbucks' coffee shop opens in Los Feliz
NAACP holds a march to protest voter ID laws
TIL the founder of Pringles is buried inside of a Pringles can. (xpost from TIL)
Man in banana suit carrying a rifle cited for soliciting.
Dumb Starbucks (That's the Actual Name) Opens in Los Feliz
UK Immigration Minister Resigns Over Illegal Cleaning Lady
In Belarus, one-armed man arrested for clapping
UK Immigration Minister Resigns for Employing Illegal Immigrant
Rock band bills Guantanamo for royalties
Clay Aiken Announces Congressional Run
California cop handcuffs and detains firefighter helping crash victims
Chick-Fil-A Fans Love Chicken Sandwiches So Much They'll Brave Hypothermia For Them
Ohio cat lover mauled to death by 2 dogs
Chick-Fil-A lovers camp out in bitter cold for a year of free food
Depressed Penguins Given Drugs At British Sanctuary
Man who mailed cat poo to companies that wouldn't hire him gets probation
Porn star fears her illegal O-sized breasts could kill her
Runner eats it immediately after being interviewed about the joys of running in the snow.
Prophet drowns during river ceremony, followers blame mermaids
Apple complains of 'patent trolls'
Thomas S Monson, president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, ordered to appear before British magistrates' court amid claims that the organisation's teaching amounts to 'fraud'
This App Tells You What Kind of Whiskey You Should Buy, Because Lord Knows You Have No Idea
Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Thinks Apple Should Make an Android Phone
Fire at Mount Albert fire hall started at a truck.
UK immigration minister quits over illegal immigrant hire
Well-known advocate of the NY SAFE Act, which made possession of a firearm on school property a felony, faces 2 counts of felony charges for bringing a firearm into a school.
Arsenal FC banned Osama bin Laden from attending matches after discovering that the terrorist leader is a big fan of the club.
Woman Complains of 'Telepathic Harassment'
Mike Tyson claims he was 'disappointed' not to have killed an opponent in the ring
Private High School Serves Fried Chicken, Cornbread & Watermelon To Students For Black History Month
School apologizes for Black History Month lunch of watermelon, fried chicken and cornbread
Women are lining up to meet Dr. Rico, the hottest gynaecologist ever
Man with 14 DUI convictions found passed out at stoplight, sheriff says
Pat Robertson: Ken Ham Needs to Stop Interpreting Bible Literally
Pat Robertson Blasts Ken Ham's Young Earth Beliefs: 'Let's Not Make a Joke of Ourselves'
Danish zoo to kill 'surplus' young giraffe and feed him to the lions
Ex-Cash Money Artist Exposes Lil Wayne/Baby's Kissing Habits: "Them Dudes Did That Sh*t Every Day"
Indian man worshipped like a god after growing TAIL out of his back
Man with 14 inch TAIL Indian worshipped as a reincarnation of a monkey god
Mayor Rob Ford Declares 'Bob Marley Day' In Toronto
UK Immigration Minister Mark Harper, notorious for his "go home or face arrest" crusade against illegal immigrants, has resigned amid reports that he employed an illegal immigrant as his cleaner
Taliban say canine prisoner is well
Dumb Starbucks Opens In California.
Air Force F-35 Superfighter Delayed After Fourth Prototype Becomes Self-Aware And Has To Be Destroyed
Archbishop says some in Catholic Church may be homophobic.
Fanatical about football : Premiership giants Arsenal have barred Bin Laden from the ground after discovering that the terrorist leader is a big fan of the club.
Miley Cyrus says 'Bangerz' tour is 'educational for kids'
Murder couple charged 'after five-year-old girl was forced to drink liters of grape juice as punishment'
Teen scams Oklahoma Walmart stores out of $30,000 (x-post /r/oklahoma)
Groups warn teenagers warned over 'prinking' craze
Copenhagen Zoo Shoots 2 Year Old Giraffe And Feeds It To Lions
Under investigation, American Title CEO dead in grisly suicide
Archbishop admits some in church may be homophobic.
Black residents reject Trader Joe's because it would attract too many white people
Shia LaBeouf sports paper bag over his head on Berlin red carpet, walks out of 'Nymphomaniac' press conference
Pussy Riot Expels Freed Members For Not Being Punk Enough
US gold medalist's 'stoked,' 'sick,' technical lingo lost in translation?
Danish Zoo Kills Young Giraffe, Invites Children to Watch It Be Chopped Up, Fed to Lions
Shia LaBeouf Wears Paper Bag on Head to 'Nymphomaniac' Berlin Premiere
The Only People Harassing the Gays of Sochi are the Foreign Journalists
US prison to charge inmates for food and medical care
Woman hospitalised after vagina-tightening rod snaps
Garrett Eure, Jessie Bryant Arrested After Leading Cops On Wild Canoe Chase
I think I should go visit this place... Lol
Fugitives in canoe no match for cops in motorboat
A Man Was Burned In A Fire. Then They Shot Him With A Really Nice Gun To Make Him Feel Better.
Actor Shia LeBeouf walked out of a press conference for his newest film today, then wore a paper bag over his head at the red carpet premiere.
Vancouver home to Canada's first crackpipe vending machines
Chicago Teen Kills Brother Over Flappy Bird
The Taliban are holding an American military dog hostage.
Shia LaBeouf Wears Paper Bag While Promoting 'Nymphomaniac' Film in Berlin
Child mistakenly boards detention centre bus instead of school bus
McGruff the Crime Dog actor sentenced to 16 years in prison for cultivating 1000 marijuana plants, and stocking a massive arsenal.
'Dumb Starbucks' Coffee Shop Appears in L.A.'s Los Feliz: The Hollywood Reporter
Glow-in-the-Dark Condoms Free with inFamous: Second Son PS4 Pre-Order
Could these be the gayest Olympics ever?
BigD: Bigger, more Luxurious
Police: Woman throws sandwich at CATA bus driver
Donkey Ball fundraiser in Brunswick faces protest
Teen who had sex with teacher sues school district after learning where babies come from
Olympic Snowboarder Writes Phone Number On His Helmet, Gets So Many Naked Pictures That His IPhone Breaks
Russian snowboarder's iPhone crashes from photos of naked women after he puts number on helmet
Chandre Oraon has a 14.5 inch tail and is worshipped as a God but his wife hates it
Crackpipe vending machines installed in Vancouver
A Giant Tortoise That Adopted a Hippo
Snowboarder's iPhone crashes after fans swamp him with nude pics
New Zealand prime minister claims he could beat the leader of the opposition party at beer pong; leader of the opposition party responds "I'll drink him under the table"
Mother Shaken After Stranger Breaks in, Takes Selfie on Phone
Snowboarder's iPhone crashes after fans swamp him with nude pics [x-post r/Olympics]
Savage cockfighting ring busted in 'Operation Angry Birds,' nine people arrested
German Muslims angered at insinuation that Muslims are easily angered
Danish zoo shoots healthy giraffe, feeds it to lions
Baby giraffe killed at Copenhagen Zoo and fed to the lions
Subway Won't Put Chemical Used in Shoe Soles in Its Bread Anymore
Baby OK After Foot is Removed from Brain
Man With Tail, Worshipped As God (But Not By His Wife)
Bank addresses woman as 'slut' in credit card offer
U.S state department "deeply dissapointed" by North Korea.
Parent of dying boy has to prove her son can't take standardized test
Rodman Slam-Dumps North Korea
ITDMs' Enthusiasm for Technology Comes with a Cost
Man Sells Girlfriend On eBay
Valentine's Day: Man Puts Girlfriend Up for Auction on eBay, Gets Bids
Man Tries to Sell Girlfriend Listed as 'Old Woman' on Ebay in Worst Valentine's Day Gift Ever
Ministerial cat elections for MPs' pets rocked by 'cheating' claims
Trapped in Sochi bathroom, bobsledder Johnny Quinn breaks door
Trapped in Sochi bathroom, bobsledder punches hole in door
Exclusive: Children 'need lessons in how to concentrate' because of impact of social media
Iranian women footballers to undergo gender tests
Iranian women soccer players to undergo mandatory sex testing
White House will Respond to Justin Bieber Deportation Petition "Soon"
Canada installs first ever crack-pipe vending machines
Iraq militants 'killed by own bomb while filming video'
Cat lover, mauled to death by dogs.
Nobody Liked My Selfie and Now the Country Is Going to Hell
Police Raid Multiple Cockfighting Rings In "Operation Angry Birds"
Phones with 'Flappy Bird' app fetching big bids on eBay
McGruff the Crime Dog actor sentenced to 16 years in prison
Convicted killer Amanda Knox offered $20,000 to appear in porn movie
Now In Japan: Giant Cyborg Cockroaches
Survey: Men Would Prefer to Have Sex on Valentine's Day
Associates defend man who had gun in school
British weather makes penguins so sad they need antidepressants
Bobsledder Who Got Stuck In Sochi Bathroom Is Now Stuck In Elevator
Suicide Bomb Instructor Accidentally Kills Iraqi Pupils
Suicide bomb teacher accidentally blows up his pupils
Apple iPhone with Flappy Bird selling for $99,900 on EBay
2nd order mistake leads to drive-thru shooting at Grand Rapids' McDonald's | Detroit Free Press
Beyoncé and President Obama Having an Affair, Says French Photographer
Bomb exploded in a suicide bombing training class in Iraq, killing 22 would-be suicide bombers.
Gender Tests for Iran Footballers After Men Caught in Women's National Team
A group of Sunni militants attending a suicide bombing training class were killed when their commander unwittingly conducted a demonstration with a belt that was packed with explosives
NAACP: Bring Photo ID To Protest Photo ID Laws
Rodman drunk, vomited, defecated all over Koryo Hotel in NK
Suicide Bomber Instructor Blows Up Suicide Bombers-In-Training
Starbucks: 'Dumb Starbucks' store not OK
New zealands prime minister and opposition leader locked in battle of who could out drink who. Cunliff to Key "I could drink him under the table"
Bids For iPhones With Flappy Bird Nearing $100,000 On eBay.
Man, 28, Electrocuted While Taking Photos Of Tustin Sunset
Zoo kills "surplus" giraffe in front of children, feeds it to lions
• Suicide bomb instructor accidentally gives live demonstration to pupils - 22 dead
Flappy bird equipped iPhones selling for 100k on Ebay.
Starbucks to Dumb Starbucks: Don't use our trademark
Giant rats could take over earth in the future
900-Year-Old Coded Viking Message Carved on Wood Fragment Finally Solved, It Says "Kiss Me"
Colorado pastor arrested for impersonating U.S. marshal to kidnap and rob gay man
Suicide bomber instructor accidentally blows up 22 suicide bombers in training.
'Operation Angry Birds' Busts New York Cockfighting Ring, Prosecutor Says
Skinny Puppy is invoicing the US government for $666,000
Satirical spaghetti monster image banned by London South Bank University as 'religiously offensive'
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford said he lied about crack cocaine use because he was 'embarrassed'
21 Iraqi militants die after explosion at bomb-making class
'Spaghetti Monster' poster banned for being offensive to religion.
Shark ride promoter attacked by shark
Film rights for Toronto Mayor Rob Ford book sold
Springs Pastor Arrested For Kidnapping, Robbery & Impersonating Police
UFO cult backs Africa's first clitoris restoration hospital
PETA wants roadside memorial for chickens killed in truck crash [w/video]
San Franciscans Wait Two Hours in the Rain For Day-Old New York Bagels
Man finishes urinating, realizes he's shot
Starbucks parody shop "Dumb Starbucks Coffee" opens in Los Angeles
'No Bacon' Order at McDonald's Leads to Drive-Thru Shooting
Suicide Bomb Instructor Accidentally Kills Pupils
Court says T-Mobile owns the color magenta
140 kilos of cocaine found in Germany in boxes of Colombian bananas.
EBay cancels auction of $99,900 iPhone with Flappy Bird, seller says
Study: pretending to be Voldemort could increase your villainous behaviour
Suicide bomb instructor accidentally kills more than 20 pupils
Loch Ness Monster 'missing', locals upset
Fox Business slams The Lego Movie for being Anti-Business
Blake Griffin Smacks Justin Bieber At Hollywood Starbucks
New Report: Americans Love Pizza
Creator of "Flappy Bird" Commits Suicide 7 Others Also Suicide This Morning Due To Flappy Bird
Man Electrocuted In Effort To Take Perfect Sunset Photo
Man with flower pot on head wields chainsaw during robbery
Iraqi suicide bombing instructor accidentally kills himself and pupils
Four players banned from Iranian women's national team for failing gender tests
Prospectors See A Golden Lining In California's Drought
Wrinkly sack hangs out at Nymphomaniac premiere
Al-Qaeda disavows any ties with radical Islamist ISIS group in Syria, Iraq
Putin parties, gets 'cuddle' from first openly gay medalist of these Games
'Nobody Liked My Selfie and Now the Country Is Going to Hell' Read more: Selfies Threaten Thailand's Development | TIME.com http://world.time.com/2014/02/10/nobody-liked-my-selfie-and-now-the-country-is-going-to-hell/#ixzz2sxfsnAVp
Army Must Notify Its Human Guinea Pigs
Cops: John Dodrill, 59, of California, pulls gun on girl scout selling cookies
Mother killed son by 'doping' him to 'make her life easier', court hears
This 'Fish Car' Lets A Goldfish Drive Around
Central VA congregation worships nude
Suicide Bomb Instructor Kills His Pupils by Unwittingly Conducting a Demonstration
Man with flower pot on head wields chainsaw during robbery (Australia)
KTLA anchor apologizes after mistaking Samuel L. Jackson for Lawrence Fishburne
10-year-old cited for careless driving after driving into Parker DMV
Communication major offers useful skill set
Healthy baby giraffe at Copenhagen Zoo deemed "surplus" and is killed with a bolt gun, skinned and chopped up before a public audience, and then fed to lions and tigers at the zoo.
Police cite man dressed as banana carrying AK-47
Coffee giant ponders 'Dumb Starbucks' response as lawyers say PR is at stake
Starbucks 'aware' of Dumb Starbucks, 'evaluating next steps'
Investors want Microsoft's new CEO to kill Xbox, Bing and Surface
Scientists Strap Weighted Tail to Chickens to Understand Dinosaur Movements
French media goes crazy over rumor that President Obama and Beyonce are having an affair
West Virginia player clobbers opponent in head, Iowa State player crane-kicks
Furby toy has alter ego
Danish Zoo Kills Healthy Giraffe, Feeds Body to Lions
US officials debate launching drone strike on American citizen
British Woman Jailed For Trolling Herself On Facebook
McGruff the Crime Dog Arrested for Pot, Rocket Launcher
Texas man who played McGruff the Crime Dog busted for pot farm, weapons possession
Arizona woman accused of using feces in attempt to kill husband
Nigerian woman disowns cat because she thinks he's gay
Selfies Threaten Thailand's Development
Samuel L. Jackson Scolds Reporter for Confusing Him with Laurence Fishburne
Suicide Bomb Trainer in Iraq Accidentally Blows Up His Class
woman opened fire on a McDonald's drive-thru after receiving two incorrect orders
Wrong burger orders lead to shot being fired at Grand Rapids McDonald's
There Are Now Vending Machines for Crack Pipes
Oklahoma restaurant that won't serve 'f*ggots' gets Internet push as 'best gay bar'
Woman Tells Cops She Was Assaulted After Interrupting Her Husband Having Anal Sex With His Girlfriend
Swede set to 'disarm' 25-year-old herring tin
Your Body Odor Could Be Your New ID Card
Man finds cheat sheet in ear after 20 years
NJ festival lets you eat, drink, floss with bacon
Woman Hits $29 Million Jackpot On Faulty Slot Machine, Casino Offers Her Two Steak Dinners
Women with Large Breasts are Smarter
Flappy Bird bringing in huge bids on Ebay.
Why Do Republicans Want Us to Work All the Time?
US bobsleigher Quinn trapped twice in Sochi in 48 hours
Olga Graf: Russian speed skater unzips suit for accidental striptease.
Iran women's football team turned out to include four men
Morning Glory: Swap The Gym For A 6:30am Rave To Boost Creativity Before Work (PICTURES)
Crack Pipe Vending Machines Installed In Vancouver, Canada
Taliban Claims it Has US Military Dog
Jail turns sex braggart into 'good man'
Subway says its China and Hong Kong sandwiches do not contain controversial chemical used in shoes
UPDATE WITH VIDEO: Officer Shoots Dog at Boy's Birthday Party
Prison for sale - with the dead bodies buried beneath it.
Shot fired at press conference about gun violence in Jackson, MS
Sun News Disapproves of CBC's French Pronunciation of French-Canadian Athletes' Names
Suicide Bomb Instructor Accidentally Detonates, Kills 21 Students
Disabled Group Home Workers Charged With Running Fight Club
Would Michael Sam fit Cowboys' D?
Bob Costas's Eyes Take Down Bob Costas
PayPal President's credit card hacked for shopping spree
Here is today's reminder that Samuel L. Jackson and Laurence Fishburne are different people
Gun control activist swears he forgot he was carrying gun while visiting school
Italian footballer shown red card for celebrating goal by smashing his head through dugout wall
Christie Unaware He Was the Governor : The New Yorker
Lugers complain about gay rights video featuring their sport
International Ice Hockey Federation: No hockey at Summer Games
Turkey's main opposition leader likens prime minister Erdoğan to Lord of the Rings wizard Saruman
Samuel L. Jackson: 'I'm NOT Laurence Fishburne!'
Up close and personal with Bronies, aka grown men who love 'My Little Pony'
Starbucks responds to Dumb Starbucks in L.A.
Natural gas blazing from abandoned well in Siberia becomes improvised cooking fireplace
Michael Jackson fans win one euro for emotional damage
Canadian gay rights luge video annoys Americans
Man In Banana Suit Detained After Toting AK-47 In Texas Street
Bieber's wax model retired after excessive groping
Gravesend man Aaron Johnson takes neknomination challenge of drinking mice, grasshoppers, stinging nettles and lager
French Court Awards Five Michael Jackson Fans One Euro Each for "Emotional Damage" after His Death
Farting Cows Blew Up a Shed with Their Gas
Man sends cat poop to companies that rejected him.
Backstrom (Swedish Hockey Player) blasted by his trash-talking grandma
Fake Burger King in Pittsburgh isn't fooling anybody
A Mysterious New Coffee Shop Called 'Dumb Starbucks' Is Baffling Los Angeles
Teenager jailed after stabbing girl and beating another over boy wizard taunts
No longer content with Photoshopping models to look like Barbie, Sports Illustrated puts actual doll in Swimsuit Issue.
Knoxville grandfather wants to warn others about Facebook scam.
Saudi denies social media reports whale swallowed entire family
Florida trooper sues after her arrest of a fellow officer triggers years of harassment by the blue brotherhood
Michael Jackson fans win damages for 'emotional suffering' from star's death | Music
Man locks his head in a cage in an attempt to quit smoking
Girl, 10, crashes mom's SUV into Denver DMV office
Iphones with the App Flappy Bird installed on it are going for thousands of dollars on Ebay
Sony Waterproof mp3 Player Sold Inside Bottle of Water
Suicide bomb instructor accidentally kills 22 militants in his class
Woody Doll's Tiny Toy Gun Confiscated by Airport Security
Scruff Mcgruff is Sentenced for Marijuana Possession and Owning a Grenade Launcher
Mom Creates Facebook Page for Friendless Son
Frank Ocean is being sued for using a sample of a sample of a sample
Terrorist training goes wrong when teacher blows up class
DC man set for 8th Hearing after Cops' raid turned up one Shotgun Shell
Woman Allegedly Takes Break From Anal Sex To Attack Lover's Wife
The FBI is offering $10,000 for tips on people who shine lasers at aircraft
Pakistan Porn Movie Theater Blasts Kill At Least 11
Flappy Bird: 'Game was an addiction that had to be stopped' says app creator Dong Nguyen
Winter 2014: The Director's Cut To Feature Extra Snow Scenes Thursday!
Goldman Handed Out Cosmetic Mirrors and Nail Files at Women's Coding Event
Congregation worships in the nude
On Rented 787, Tanaka Makes Entrance That Is 'So Yankees'
Man Wears Metal Cage On Head To Quit Smoking
George Washington Carver, The Black History Monthiest Of Them All
Shot fired at press conference about gun violence in Jackson
Clippers Star Blake Griffin Smacks Justin Beiber After Beiber is Refused a Caramel Apple Machiatto Because He Wasn't Wearing a Shirt
Man in Turkey wears a cage on his head to stop himself having a cigarette
Turkish man wears helmet cage to quit smoking
Ohio woman now legally Sexy
Indian Couple Allegedly Murdered Iranian Roommate, Mahtab Avad Savoji, For Refusing Threesome [PHOTO]
Woman caught making meth inside S. Tulsa Walmart
San Diego Serial Pooper Strikes Again
Billy Ray Cyrus Releases Hip-Hop Sequel to 'Achy Breaky Heart'
How the U.S. government spends millions to get people to eat more pizza
Subway to remove 'dough conditioner' chemical from bread.
Police officer surprised to find man who slept in back of patrol car
Bro Can't Find A Job After Law School, So His Parents Will Pay Someone To Hire Him
Unwitting police chase car headed to hospital for emergency birth
Store Owner: Employee Wore Banana Suit To Look 'Less Alarming' While Carrying AK-47
Pelicans' Mascot Undergoing Beak Surgery
Woman Seeking Crack Cocaine Calls Police After Drug Dealer Sells Her Sugar Instead
Workers discover more than 1,000 corpses at site of former mental asylum
Islamist group prays for earthquake in Sochi
Depressed UAE man seeking arrest ordered cocaine from India
Obama Visits Black Power Ice Cream
Lebanon minister orders probe of topless Olympic Alpine skier Jackie Chamoun
Is John Key a shapeshifting reptilian alien ushering humanity towards enslavement?
Man locked in Taco Bell dumpster, manager tells different story
I thought people in New Zealand were to smart for this sort of thing. Turns out I was wrong...
Torah Bright's coach says Sochi 2014 halfpipe is 'retarded'
Shia LaBeouf Is Currently Doing Some Kind of Super Artsy Thing in Los Angeles
Hacker Swipes PayPal President's Credit Card Info, Goes on Shopping Spree
Deputies: Drunk man called 911 to see if tax return had come in
Japan develops wireless sensor for diapers, able to send alert if needs changing
Noahs Ark Discovery Raises Flood of Questions
FDA: Female sex drive drug needs more research
Watching Shia LaBeouf do nothing is now an actual art exhibit in L.A.
Judge bans Wisconsin man from Internet
Cup Noodles Mascot Forced to Shovel in Yokohama Snowstorm
17-Year-Old Fired From Walmart Scams Store Out Of $39,000, Police Say
Smart health department shuts down Dumb Starbucks
Correction: Christie spokesperson called guy 'piece of excrement,' not 'piece of crap'
American lugers: Stop calling our sport 'a little gay'
US military working on Iron Man suit
Justice Ministry: "How much loo paper do we need?"
Muslim Tries to Apply for Spousal Benefits for 12-Year-Old Wife... in Australia
Maryland bill would cut water, electricity to NSA headquarters
UFO cult the Raelians offer circumcised women free surgery
Loch Ness Monster Missing, Appears To Be Dead
French journalist "hacks" govt by inputting correct URL, later fined $4,000+
Disney drops Arabic Donald Duck over anti-Israel tweet
Man Shoots Up 5 Year Olds Baptism Celebration Because There Was a Lack of Food
Satirical Article Not True
Polar Bear Dies After Eating Purse and Coat at German Zoo
Woman Jailed for Bullying Herself on Facebook
World tallest building's developer threatens to stop elevators over fees row
Are ugly people oppressed?
Shia LaBeouf doing performance art called #IAMSORRY. You can take one item from a random assortment into a room where you are left alone with him. He sits there with an "I AM NOT FAMOUS ANYMORE" bag over his head, and you can do whatever you like. The bag on his head is soggy under the eye holes.
Norwegian boy takes parents' car to visit grandparents, claims he's a dwarf
1,000 Bodies Found On University Of Mississippi Land Thought To Be From Old Lunatic Asylum
eBay Removes Flappy Bird Listings
Teens Using Vapor Pens to Secretly Smoke Pot in School
Drivers confused about meaning of yellow signs - Miami Beach
Russian embassy says anti-gay attacks are no more severe than the UK's 'abuse' of ginger people
Bull semen reported stolen in Augusta County
Porn Star Ava Devine Will Bang All The Cavs If They Make The Playoffs.
Rutgers makes professor teach class he is clueless about, suspends him for telling students
Shroud Of Turin Formed By An Earthquake? Scientists Say Face Of Jesus Image Caused By Neutron Emissions
Sinkhole swallows eight Corvettes at the Corvette Museum
Polish woman guilty of killing two million bees with anti-mosquito spray
No joke: Alabama Senate passes bill to protect hunters from harassment by drones
Westminster cat-of-the-year contest 'hit by vote-rigging'
Cars fall into sinkhole at National Corvette Museum
Barbie's Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Causes a Stir Online
Sinkhole opens up at National Corvette Museum, swallows cars
Shia LaBeouf Wanted to Mount Camera to His Penis in 'Nymphomaniac' film.
Washington DC Metro Police arrest man who allegedly approached female passengers on the Metrorail system and showed them a lewd photograph of himself on his cell phone screen
New Study: Many Teens Report Being Under Stress
Police Officers Who Shot at Two Innocent Women 103 Times Won't Be Fired
Shaun White To Take Break, Go On Tour With Band After Failing To Medal At Sochi
Naked People Come to Defense of Skier Jackie Chamoun and Her Topless Photos.
'Unapologetic' Barbie poses for Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue
Doubles Lugers Forced to Endure One More Gay Joke in the Name of Gay Rights - The Wire
Jamie Anderson, Olympic Snowboarder: "Tinder in the Olympic Village Is Next Level"
Drunk Teen Disguised as Flower Pot Uses Chainsaw to Rob Gas Station
US 'Bachelor' star: 'I'm not homophobic, I have a gay cousin'
Upon learning son is gay, father of Missouri DE Michael Sam heads to Applebee's for drinks
Michael Jackson doctor must pay grieving fans 1 euro
Eight corvettes fall into sinkhole
Aboard Belgian train, Jews asked to get off and shower at Auschwitz
Bill Clinton receives Woman's Day award
Mitt Romney Can't Believe Some Politicians Use the Olympics for Political Gain
84-year-old woman has 44-year-old fetus inside her - and wants to keep it there
Russia hoarded 400,000 tons of snow for over a year so it could save the Olympics this week
Jewish Passengers on Train to Brussels Told to Get off at Auschwitz and Shower
Sean Bean orders another drink after getting stabbed in a bar
Texans' Water Conservation Reward: Higher Rates
Middle school student rescued after tongue gets frozen to metal pole
Atlanta Police Department Begins Crackdown on "Snowcockalypse"
Contractors will no longer review their own background checks
Justin Bieber's Wax Figure Groped to Death
Sinkhole Swallows 8 Cars At National Corvette Museum
Honduran policeman kills himself playing russian roulette
Guy with flower pot on head robs gas station with chainsaw
Second giraffe named Marius at risk of being put down in Denmark
Woman goes on tirade after being refused sex
Barbie named cover girl for 2014 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit edition
Naked Man Walks Into Chicago McDonald's, Chaos Ensues
Drunk teenager attacked wardrobe in empty house
Man faces prison after trying to lick commuter's ankles on a train
Mexican State, Sonora, bans baby names including "Robocop, James Bond, USNavy"
Chicago Man uses Kickstarter to Fund his Chipotle Burrito
John Key [New Zealand Prime Minister] : 'I'm not a reptile'
Tenn girl, 5, dies from being forced to drink soda.
Deaf composer apologizes for regaining hearing
Flowerpot-wearing man robs gas station with chainsaw
A Town in Florida Has Made It Illegal for Homeless People to Cover Themselves with Blankets
Scientists Say Their Giant Laser Has Produced Nuclear Fusion
Meet Nasar, The Horse Who Lives In a House
New video shows sinkhole collapsing below Corvette Museum
We don't want no gays here. Sen. Kelsey of Tennessee introduces 'Turn The Gays Away' Bill.
Guns drawn in Fulton County road rage incident
Mayor Rob Ford, who arrived to work at 2:30 pm today, said City Hall workers should get pink slips for poor performance.
America Forgot How to Talk to Its Zombie Spaceship
Woman forced out of apartment after it became inundated with hundreds of bats
Woman steals man's sperm through a blowjob and impregnates herself, man ordered to pay child support.
Judge Bans Wisconsin Man From 'All The Libraries On The Face Of The Earth'
Chinese man gets his 11 inch donkey penis confiscated at New Zealand airport
"look at all those lines!"-meteorologist
Milwaukee man's 30-foot tall ice sculpture destroyed by city workers
Spanish Football Fan Charged with Throwing Dog at Referee
Anti-debt group finds itself in red
Justin Bieber Wax Figure at Madame Tussauds Groped to Death
Second Danish zoo may kill another giraffe named Marius
Anti-Gay Restaurant Hilariously Pranked By Gay Rights Supporters
Snowboarder Jamie Anderson claims use of dating app in Olympic Village is 'next level'
Naked Woman Goes On Bloody Rampage After Boyfriend Refuses To Have Sex
Justin Bieber's Wax Statue Ruined by Fans Fondling It
Someone in Mexico Named a Child 'Facebook'
Michigan family finds loved one's body in funeral home's garage
Drunken Arizona woman goes on naked, bloody rampage after boyfriend refuses sex: cops
Dr Hurricane unleashes FUSION at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
John Key, the Prime Minister of NZ, has confirmed that he is not a shape-shifting reptile.
Longer ambulance journeys increase death risk
Study: Longer Ambulance Journeys Boost Death Risk
Norwegian boy (10) who stole a car and crashed told rescuer he was a dwarf who had forgotten their licence
Alabama bill would require reading of congressional prayers in schools
Barbie will grace Sports Illustrated cover
Wrestling matches will go on, despite reports of multiple skin infections
Tobacco firms to argue against plain packaging for cigarettes
No such thing as porn 'addiction,' researchers say
Telangana: Indian MP uses pepper spray in parliament
RiFF RAFF is Making Country Music Now
Man Charged In Amish Buggy Drive-By Shooting
Lazio insist African striker Joseph Minala is 17, despite rumours he is actually 41
Lazio threaten legal action after claims Cameroon 17 year-old Joseph Minala is actually 41
Lazio Cameroonian Player Insists He Is 17, Not 41
Pepper Spray Fired In India Parliament Brawl
Woman set ablaze by partner hugs him to death
Comcast to buy Time Warner Cable
Cops Burn Man's Genitals With Taser In Front Of His Family
Durham principal announces school closure with 'Ice Ice Baby'
Bill legalizing rubber duck races in Wisconsin up for Assembly vote
Taylor Swift accused of turning boyfriends gay
Evolutionists say human face came from 415 million-year-old fish
Romney Slams Wasteful Russian Spending on Sochi Olympics
Russia Calls Brutal Attacks on Gay Citizens 'no worse than UK abuse of gingers'
Boy Misses Out On 7th Birthday Party Due To Mother's Homophobia
Is this the world's most absurd wheelchair ramp? Scottish family stunned after council builds £40,000 eyesore up TEN LEVELS over her garden
Woman's stomach explodes after overeating
Mother's anger after council install 'slalom' ramp for disabled daughter in front garden
Boy, 10, steals parents' car to visit grandparents 68 miles away... then tells police he is a dwarf who has forgotten his licence
Mum with disabled daughter campaigns for wheelchair ramp - and gets £40,000 'slalom' eyesore
The Facebook Comment That Ruined a Life
Methed Up Florida Man Arrested For Trying to Perform Exorcism on Son
10-year-old steals parent's car; tries to convince cops he's a dwarf when caught
Samsung Galaxy S5 to be called the Galaxy S5
Walkie-Talkie tower to have shades fitted to fix 'death ray'
Heathrow airport security confiscates mini gun from 'Toy Story' Woody doll
Banker couple waged war on neighbor over 12 inches of land in Kent village.
Bill Gates Washes The Dishes Himself Every Night
Scrotum, Hitler, Facebook: Mexican state bans outlandish baby names
Man invites victim into his own house and robs him of clothing (Press Release, no news article)
Chicago man uses Kickstarter to fund his $8 Chipotle burrito
Councillor Ford says his brother was at nightclub to court youth vote
Michael Vic hospitalised in Pit Bull attack.
Valentines Tragedy As 28-Year-Old Culchie Dies Of Mortification In Ann Summers
Belgium's parliament votes through child euthanasia
Dubai may ban poor people from car ownership to ease traffic problems
Nigeria: Restaurant Served Roasted Human Heads
ISIL Stones Syrian Girl to Death for Facebook Membership. Says It Is Tantamount To Adultery
Stinky herring tin to be 'disarmed' after 25 years
Drake slams Rolling Stone for putting Hoffman on cover
Art to Die For: Artist Paints Portraits with Human Remains
Man Banned From the Internet for Sending Naked Men to Neighbor's Home
Georgia sheriff cancels Valentine's Day because of snow -- and boredom
Owl viciously attacks rabbit hunter near Digby, N.S.
Nothing Will Prepare You for Billy Ray Cyrus' 'Achy Breaky Heart' Sequel
Crocodiles are able to climb trees, study reveals
New Gender Options for Facebook Users
Second Danish zoo may kill a giraffe called Marius
Barbie on front cover of Sports Illustrated swimsuit addition sparks outcry from feminists.
Man in hospital after NHS sign crashes down on him as winds batter Leicestershire
After Cloning Facebook, Uzbekistan Launches Twitter Imitation
Montreal police seek victims who showered for 'technician'
Facebook To Add 50 New Gender Terms For Users To Identify
Cops want help finding bad guys.
Pennsylvania man charged in Amish buggy drive-by shooting: cops
Doctors find 44-year-old fetus in woman, 84
PayPal chief reams employees: Use our app or quit | VentureBeat | Business
Snow plow truck catches fire in Asheboro, NC
Rush: If A Gay Player Can Be "In An NFL Locker Room ... Is It OK For A Guy To Be In A Shower With Women?"
Four Decades Old 'Stone Baby' Foetus Found Inside Brazilian Pensioner
Study: iPhone owners have 'blind loyalty' and will buy anything Apple makes
COPS: CALIF. MAN PULLS GUN ON GIRL SCOUT SELLING COOKIES
Assault alleged at Cass jail after repeated farting, racial slur
[Does garlic protect against vampires... [Tidsskr Nor Laegeforen. 1994] - PubMed - NCBI
Texas Man Bites Woman; Claims to Be Vampire Satisfying a 'Need to Feed' [X-post from /r/todayilearned]
Woman skis 1 mile to grocery store for wine
Texas Man Bites Woman; Claims to Be Vampire Satisfying a 'Need to Feed'
Obamacare Hits Goal for First Time
Bid to block car-melting beam from London's 'Fryscraper'
Cartel hit man testifies he killed 800 people, lost count after that
Colorado State Senator Is Glad Aurora Shooter Had So Much Ammo
Italian football club threatens legal action against people claiming that one of their players is 24 years older than they think he is
Drake Slams Rolling Stone Over Losing Cover to Philip Seymour Hoffman: 'I'm Disgusted'
Sleepwalker Wreaks Havoc at Womens College
Netflix faces "backlash" for not moving House of Cards premiere up by... one day
Fox News Takes on Controversial Classroom 'Pity Valentines'
Vanilla Ice to Be Named Wellington's Outstanding Citizen of the Year
Woman Slices Off Tattoo Of Cheating Boyfriend's Name And Mails The Skin To Him
Relentless jail-cell farting leads to assault, racial slur
Insane Woman Slices Off Tattoo Of Cheating Boyfriend's Name And Mails The Skin To Him (Graphic)
U.S. Speedskating suspects Under Armour suits a factor in slow times
Senate president has concerns that gay-marriage bill discriminates
Comcast CEO Says Time Warner Cable Buy Is 'Pro-Competitive' and 'Pro-Consumer'
It Is Now Possible to Buy Tulips With Bitcoin
Torz Reynolds Slices Off Tattoo Of Ex-Boyfriend's Name, Mails Skin To Him (GRAPHIC PHOTO)
Woman slices off tattoo of ex's name with a SCALPEL then SENDS it to him [GRAPHIC CONTENT]
Lovelorn internet user leads effort to buy all odd-numbered tickets at cinema on Valentine's Day
Sen. Chuck Schumer Intervenes In Diplomatic Yogurt Dispute
Helicopter Airlifts 85" Plasma TV to High-Tech Apartment
Obama Asks Netflix to Start "House of Cards" a Day Early Because of Snow
Samurai-sword wielding woman attacks man in Detroit
Kansas Anti-Gay Segregation Bill is an Abomination
DOLPHIN ESPIONAGE Remote-controlled 'Spy Tuna' records rarely seen massive dolphin orgies off Osa Peninsula
Comcast CEO: Regulators Really Shouldn't Complain - We're Giving the Consumers So Much More - MoneyBeat
Anti-Gay Jim Crow Comes to Kansas
Suicide bomb instructor accidentally kills students.
Georgia sheriff cancels Valentine's Day due to weather
75 Year Harvard Study Reveals How to Live a Happy Life
Olympic curling still struggling to be taken seriously
Fast-food worker hit in Nerf drive-by
Ann Coulter Calls Marijuana 'Legalized Retard Pills'
Canadians head to U.S. for cheap healthcare... for their pets
Facebook offers 50 new terms for gender designation
Stephen Colbert's auction of microwave he stole from Bill O'Reilly doing better than O'Reilly's auction
10-Year-Old Steals Parents' Car, Crashes It, Tells Cops He's a Dwarf
US sheriff cancels Valentine's Day
Kebab house transforms into The Queen
Kebab house transforms into The Queen (x-post from r/london)
Yorkshire inmate breaks out of jail because it was 'full of Lancastrians and Scousers'
Old man narrowly escapes death from putting squash into anus
Ten-level steel wheelchair ramp dumbfounds Dunbartonshire
Under Armour suits blamed for slow US speedskaters at Olympics
Driving instructor banned after 195km/h police chase to the loo
Japanese Man Already Lined Up To Buy iPhone 6
Indian parliament descends into chaos as MP uses pepper spray and a knife was reportedly pulled
Slices Off Tattoo Of Ex-Boyfriend's Name, Mails Skin To Him
Simple assault with steaks at the Giant Eagle meat counter - 19 Action News|Cleveland, OH|News, Weather, Sports
A very scary headline about kindergarteners
Woman, 83, run over by own vehicle
Clay Aiken's Congressional Run Is Real, And His First Ad Is Spectacular
Neighbor banned from Web after naked man shows up at woman's house
Chinese Singles Buy Movie Tickets So Couples Can't Sit Together on Valentine's Day
'I'm a dwarf' 10-year-old boy who drove 50 miles and crashed tells tall tale when caught
Mass murderer Breivik to hunger strike for better video games
Chechen leader offers to take Danish giraffe
Dreadlocked Swedish skier wants you to know Wu Tang is for the children
London's cycle hire scheme has had a positive effect on the health of its users, suggests a study in the British Medical Journal.
California Girl Scout gets cursed out, called 'hooker' by belligerent man
'Paying interns is so in this year,' say protesters at London Fashion Week
10-year-old Norwegian boy steals parents' car and tells police he is a dwarf
Action figure of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford sold on eBay
Tom Perkins' big idea: The rich should get more votes
Russian news anchor claims Marines in Iwo Jima Memorial are gay
Norwegian boy tells police he is a dwarf after crashing his parents' car
Owner Of Confiscated Raccoon Runs For Tenn. Governor
Perkins: $1M in taxes should get 1M votes
Lexington florist delivering flowers by tractor
Man taken to hospital after gale-force winds bring down 'feeling under the weather' hospital sign
Unknowing victim of a sting operation turns himself in, FBI tells him to go home, then arrests him for espionage.
Drake Disses Macklemore's Kendrick Grammy Apology Text: "That Shit Was Wack as Fuck"
Dispute over snowman leads to home invasion charge
Horse moves into home and won't leave
Groupon Celebrates Presidents Day by Honoring Alexander Hamilton
Man Offers Police Taco as Identification
St. Pete woman creates 'Makeout Practice Pillow'
Military nears holy grail: Pizza that lasts 3 years
Breivik cries 'torture' over outdated Playstation.
Woman Finds Video Of Boyfriend Having Sex With Her Dog On His Cell Phone
And The Best Tasting Flavored Condom Is . . .
Tony Danza Lookalike to Lead Italy
Louth man admits having sex with his girlfriend's dog
President Obama to binge-watch 'Game of Thrones' and 'True Detective'
Anders Behring Breivik Hunger Strike: Norwegian Mass Killer Won't Eat Unless He Gets Playstation 3, Computer In Prison
Rich guy thinks rich people should get more votes
Greek Yogurt Meant for Olympians Will Be Donated, Chobani Says
Bizarre Coronation Street plotline sees Emily Bishop become Breaking Bad devotee
Man loses 700 pounds
South Carolina Removes Evolution from Science Standards
Man treated in hospital after being hit by NHS sign 'Feeling under the weather?' NHS sign which was ripped off wall of chemist during storm
Billionaire suggests rich should get more votes
Michael Keaton Confirms 'Beetlejuice 2' Talks With Director Tim Burton
800-Pound Runaway Snowball Slams Into College Dorm, Knocks In Wall
Nazis 'researched use of mosquitoes for war' at Dachau
Male sexual orientation influenced by genes, study shows
Fantasy gamer guilty of killing local newspaper reporter so he could steal his 'Magic: The Gathering' cards
Millionaire VC: Rich People Like Me Should Get More Votes
One Man's Sex Toy May Be Another Man's Trashed and Recycled Sex Toy
Runaway camel that attacked cars in custody; authorities seek answers.
Crimes Against Humanity Committed In North Korea, UN Panel Finds
Crimes against humanity in North Korea, U.N. panel finds
Japanese fanboi first in queue for, er, iPhone 6
Devoted gamer runs back into burning house to save his Xbox
Skip the Drive Thru! McDonald's Is Taking Reservations for Valentine's Day But only in Tampa
1 in 4 Americans unaware that Earth circles Sun
1 in 4 Americans Don't Know Earth Orbits the Sun. Yes, Really. : Discovery News
Murfreesboro Woman Stabs Valentine's Day Balloon then Ends Up in Hospital, Jail
Karl Rove: Presidents Who Leave Deficits, Bad Economies, and War Are the Worst
What If We Covered the Burj Khalifa in a Big Condom?
New Jersey lawmakers cause international stir with bill to rename 'Sea of Japan'
Man buys every odd-numbered seat in Shanghai cinema so that couples couldn't sit beside each other during Valentines'
10-year-old boy steals his parents' car to visit grandparents, then tells police he is a dwarf who forgot his driver's license
Man starts campaign to buy odd-numbered seat in Shanghai cinema so that couples can't sit together in Valentine's day and ends up successful
Facebook Provides 56 New Gender Identity Options
1 In 4 Americans Thinks The Sun Goes Around The Earth, Survey Says
Dennis Rodman out of rehab -- 'I'm not an alcoholic'
Messiah's Arrival Could Cause Israeli Evictions
Race horses test positive for Viagra ingredient
Woman charged 9 years after failing to return J-Lo movie rental in now defunct video store
This 7th Grader Made a Braille Printer With a Lego kit and a Thumbtack
'Best Sex Ed is Russian literature' - children's rights ombudsman
Giant, runaway snowball slams into college dorm, causing thousands of dollars in damage.
Beer Drone Can Buzz The Skies No More, FAA Says
Man calls 911 because his wife's jacket zipper got stuck
Anti Gay Squad in Sochi verifies no Gay spectators entered to the athlete performances.
Woman found guilty of killing pregnant friend, cutting baby from womb and passing off child as her own
Man Says Doctor Shouldn't Have Listened -- After Giving Permission To Reattach His Severed Hand, Patient Reneges, Then Sues
Sony Shuts Down PC Business
Deputies: Pickens woman charged 9 years after failing to return J.Lo movie
Perfect Pussy sell vinyl made with singer's actual blood [NSFW]
A bitter single man has sabotaged Valentine's Day for film-loving couples in Shanghai by deliberately booking every other seat at one of the city's cinemas to stop them sitting together.
Single Chinese man spoils couples' Valentine's plans by preventing them from sitting together in the cinema
Study shows a negative correlation between intelligence and religiosity.
Police Nab Suspects in Merciless Nerf Gun Drive-By Shooting
You're not going to read this
A Scottish Council Spent £40,000 On This Inexplicably Large Ramp For A Wheelchair User
Oklahoma Lawmaker Wants To Ban All Marriages
Internet Trolls Really Are Horrible People
European tree of the year contender blows over in storms
"Celebrating Valentine's Day Is a Direct Way to Hell" in Tajikistan
Woman badly burned by exploding toilet when bathroom light ignited methane build-up
Woman arrested for failing to return video 9 years ago.
One in four Americans don't know the Earth circles the Sun
Anti-Valentine's Day protesters beat each other after finding no couples in park
Facebook offers users 56 new gender options: Here's what they mean
How to give an albino alligator a CT scan
Huge Xbox losses hidden by patent royalties, says analyst
Texting comic run over by train finds the funny side
Former school lunch lady pleads guilty to paying kids $1 to beat up student
College student thinks 'diversity of opinion' requires 'not tolerating' conservative views
Black People in Portland Said No to a Trader Joe's to Keep White People From Moving In
South Carolina woman jailed after failing to return movie rented nine years ago
No plans to kill 2nd giraffe named Marius, Danish zoo says
Florida Man Killed for His Magic Cards Read more at http://www.escapistmagazine.com/news/view/120434-Florida-Man-Killed-for-His-Magic-Cards#khxc0T5VBK1K2B51.99
Alabama Senate bill: OK to say 'Merry Christmas,' 'Happy Hanukkah' in school
Now You Can Eat A 10-Course Meal Designed To Pair Exclusively With Radiohead's 'Kid-A'
Twins beat man to death for stash of Magic: The Gathering cards
YogaBiebs: At a new Toronto exercise class for devoted Beliebers, every song is somebody's favourite song
I'm not against Jews... They can live on Mars
Kayla Finley arrested for not returning 2005 JLo movie
A thief was chased by neighbours and, by mistake, took refuge in a prison (Google Translate)
What You Can Tell About Someone From Their Earwax
Stress in America survey says teens feel more pressure than adults
Nike: Marty McFly's power laces are coming soon
Here's the Skinny on NBC's Olympic Latte Secret
Marijuana May Stop The Spread Of HIV, Study Finds
Did Cupid Misfire? Trainer Out After Viagra Found in Racehorses
'We Teach Our Children Not to Sleep Around': Dad Outraged Over Biology Homework That Stepped Way, Way Over the Line | Video
\'We Teach Our Children Not to Sleep Around': Dad Outraged Over Biology Homework That Stepped Way, Way Over the Line
'The War on Drugs' is a myth and those who want to legalize marijuana are selfish
Norway skier's mom is his toughest critic
Chainsaws Fly Off The Shelves At Local Saw Shop
1 in 4 Americans think the sun revolves around Earth | www.ajc.com
Long-lost brother, sister find each other at Walmart
1 in 4 Americans think the sun revolves around Earth
Girl is hospitalized after eating little more than chicken nuggets for 15 years
Mass Murderer of 77 Kids and Adults on Hunger Strike Until He Gets a PS3 and More Adult Themed Games Instead of His PS2 and Rayman Revolutions.
Rape posters stir up furor on campus UM males labeled potential attackers
Mass killer Anders Breivik threatens hunger strike for better video games, end of "torture"
Giant, runaway snowball slams into college dorm in Portland, Ore., no injuries
Sometimes, a snowball can actually be too big
Here's the Skinny on NBC's Olympic Latte Secret Network's Private Coffee Bar Stirs Envy Inside Restricted Java Zone
Brits are much more likely to get beaten up at work than they were five years ago
GOP state senator in Colorado says it was "a good thing" that Aurora killer James Holmes had 100-round magazine
Social conservatives: lawsuit fighting gay-marriage ban is like Bull Connor fighting civil rights
Obama Signs Bill Raising Debt Ceiling During Golf Break in Calif.
Man charged in Pa. drive-by shooting that killed horse pulling buggy with Amish family inside
Justin Bieber Is Moving To Atlanta And Changing His Name To Bizzle
New Zealand's prime minister denies being a giant space lizard
Sheep-Shearing Wells Fargo Banker Bridges U.S. Income Gap
Rain interrupts PM's tour of drought-hit NSW
'Dolphin' Marriage Proposal in the Philippines Angers Animal Rights Activists
Apple & Google Begin Rejecting Games With "Flappy" In The Title
St. Louis couple charged with assault after shooting nerf dart at local fast-food worker
Lauren Goodger narrowly avoids stepping in puddle.
Chicago man sells his car to buy shoes (nike air yeezy 2 red October)
Pupils facing ski trip ban over hair dye
This horse moved into his owner's house to escape the storm - now he refuses to LEAVE
21 Things You Can't Do While Black
26% of Americans do not know that the Earth revolves around the sun
Snake-handling star of 'Snake Salvation' reality show dies from snake bite
The New Zealand Prime Minister publicly denies being a lizard person
Kentucky snake handling preacher dead from snake bite
The Sun Orbits The Earth, According To 1 In 4 Americans: Survey
Even an Arrest Can't Stop Clayton Pettet From Losing His Virginity in an Art Show
Reality show snake-handling preacher dies -- of snakebite
Lady Gaga - Lady Gaga bitten by slow loris
'Snake Salvation' Reality Star Dies of Snake Bite
900-Year-Old Viking Message Decoded, Reads 'Kiss Me'
Kenyans get condom delivery service
Norwegian mass killer demands adult videogames, better console
NYPD denies FOIA request for department FOIA guide
Groupon honors Alexander Hamilton for President's Day despite never being a president
Horse who moved into owner's home because of storms now refuses to leave
Outrage After Danish Zoo Slaughters Giraffe, Feeds It to Lions
Michael Dunn Trial: White Fear Matters More Than Black Lives
One in four Americans unaware that Earth circles sun
Reality show snake handler Pastor Jamie Coots dies from snake bite
Kansas House of Reps passes bill legalizing homophobic discrimination
Anders Breivik, Jailed Norwegian Mass Murderer Says 'Give Me Better Video Games Or I'll Go On Hunger Strike'
Groupon: You're Certainly Entitled to Your Opinion that Alexander Hamiltom Was Never a US President
Arizona jailbird escapes to meet his girlfriend for Valentine's Day
Raccoon watches Yankees spring-training workouts
Protesters Against Lace Panties Ban Detained While Wearing Underwear On Their Heads
Kentucky snake handling preacher, reality TV star dead from snake bite
Woman cuts out tattoo of ex-boyfriend's name and sends skin to him in the post
Woman Jailed For 9-Year Overdue Jennifer Lopez VHS Rental
90 Farting Cows Start Fire in Germany
South African Mine Rescue Halted after Miners Refuse to Leave
Woman Jailed for Overdue VHS of Jennifer Lopez's 'Monster in Law'
Japanese zookeepers successfully capture fake gorilla
Police search for stolen rock in Canberra
Police officer's app puts misbehaving kids in touch with 'Sgt. Friendly'
Free Fishies! Dutch Technicians Build Mobile Aquarium Driven by Fish
Detroit Chef Creates 10-Course Meal Based on Radiohead's Kid A
Man Nearly Explodes After Compressed Air Valve Lodges In Buttocks
Man falls on high pressure valve, gets inflated to nearly twice his size, survives after three days of farting and burping.
Woman Arrested For Failing To Return 9-Year-Overdue J-Lo VHS
Missouri nuns to release Lent album
Police arrest a woman for failing to return 9-year-overdue J-Lo VHS
Candy Crush Saga makers to sue game they copied
What The Hell Just Happened In Kansas?
Snake-Handling Reality TV Pastor Dies After Snakebite
French chef Alexandre Gauthier attempts to put an end to food selfies
Snake-handling Pastor dies from Snake Bite
Missouri bill would let parents pull kids from evolution classes
The Surprising Science of Dinosaur Pee
NASA Wants To 3D-Print Pizza In Space
'Snake Salvation' Preacher Jamie Coots Dead From Snakebite
South Carolina woman arrested for failing to return a JLo movie rented nine years ago from a video store that no longer exists.
Morrissey compares eating meat to pedophilia, calls it 'rape, violence, murder'
Man who believes God protects the devout from venomous snakebites dies...from a venomous snakebite
Joseph Andrew Dekenipp Escapes Arizona Jail To Meet His Valentine, Gets Arrested
Grindr Use Triples In Sochi
Snake-Handling Reality TV Pastor Dies After Snakebite : The Two-Way : NPR
In North Korea, meth is offered as casually as a cup of tea
Second man gets prison term for 'appalling' penis tattoo
Burglars Stumble Upon Man's Child Porn Stash, Turn Him In
Poo-phoria: Passing a large stool can be orgasmic
Sewer was blocked by large Pooh.
YogaBiebs Is Now A Thing - Yes, That's Yoga To Justin Bieber Songs
Anders Breivik threatens to go on hunger strike until he gets a PS3 in prison
Firefighters rescue woman from baked bean tin
Eminem insists on quality pickles
Man stabbed to death over Olympics skeleton event
Reality show snake handler dies from snakebite
Students taped together by wrists in sex education talk by Catholic group
Study suggests banks could learn from monkeys to avoid collapse
Making a mocha-ry of tradition! Coffee-lover is buried in Costa-themed coffin.
Brigade blames 'posh chips' for rise in chip pan fires
Outspokenloyalist Willie Frazer has refused to apologise for saying a Ballymena school PE shirt which featured on EastEnders promoted the IRA.
Mexican state bans names including 'Facebook,' 'Rambo'
Sewer blocked by a large Pooh
1 in 4 Americans Think Sun Revolves Around Earth: Study | TIME.com
Green Day's Billie Joe Armstrong removed from plane for sagging pants.
Lace underwear ban sparks protests in Kazakhstan
LSD user breaks into neighbors apartment 'thinking he is 24's Jack Bauer before he puts all their clothes in the bathtub and stuffs their credit cards inside a chocolate muffin'
George Zimmerman wants to become a lawyer to stop 'miscarriages of justice.'
S.C. woman arrested for failing to return rented VHS
EXCLUSIVE: National clown shortage may be approaching, trade organizations fear
Kenya's battle to end 'sex for fish' trade
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key: I Am Not A Shapeshifting Space Reptile
Bill offered to give Missourians a right to burn wood
South Africa's Freed Miners Refuse to be Rescued
Abba admit outrageous outfits were worn to avoid tax
US arrest over overdue video rental
Antonin Scalia Rules Deep Dish Is Not Pizza
New Zealand's Prime Minister claims he is NOT shapeshifting reptilian alien
Film fan jailed for not returning rental video of J-Lo's Monster-in-Law
Groupon honors 'President' Alexander Hamilton?
Groupon Declares Alexander Hamilton a US President in President's Day deal.
Collectors expected to pay hundreds of thousands for licence plates at Dubai auction
The Star Of National Geographic's Reality Show 'Snake Salvation' Died Yesterday From A Snake Bite
SWAT Team Heroically Ends 6 Hour Standoff with Empty Apartment
3-D porn: It was supposed to be the future of the industry. What happened?
Blind man hits 3-point shot at Missouri college game
Ditka is a Stafford fan but thinks he shouldn't wear hat backwards
UK Government Pays Sex Clubs to Employ Teenage Girls
Former hairdresser stabs prison chief to death instead of cutting his hair
U.S. diplomats study how to preserve Iran's dignity in nuclear talks
Obama Asked HBO Chief for 'True Detective,' 'Game of Thrones' Advance Episodes
Teacher criticized by Lil Wayne, suspended, for making students analyze "6 Foot 7 Foot" lyrics
One in four Americans 'do not know the Earth circles the Sun'
Sewer blockage (x-post from /r/funny)
How to tell if someone is gay? By looking at their earwax, these scientists claim
Groupon Gets President Wrong; Deliberate?
Outgoing NSA director: 'It's not our mission' to spy on everyone in the world
Opera inspired by Willis High School honors student thrown in jail for truancy
Bill passed in Kansas that allows restaurant and bar owners to refuse to serve gay people. Ensures that heterosexual beliefs don't fall under attack
Swiss Clock-Punching Air Force Relies on France for Hijacked Jet
Cops: Ohio Woman Assaulted Supermarket Worker With Pair Of "Special Cut Filets"
RoboCop Gets A Crowdsourced Movie Remake
Angry Russian Hockey Fans Protest Outside U.S. Embassy: 'Turn Referee Into Soap'
Chihuahuas Rampage in Arizona
Valentine's Day: Secret of monogamy in the animal kingdom? They cheat
Co-pilot of Ethiopian airliner hijacks his own plane
California police use taser on deaf man trying to communicate with them via sign language
Sewer blocked by large Pooh
The Swiss Air Force is only available during business hours
Groupon discounts U.S. history, declares Alexander Hamilton president
Sixers to Sign Local High-Schooler with Down Syndrome
Police: Man killed in fight over chicken feet Police: Man killed in fight over chicken feet Police: Man killed in fight over chicken feet
Christian man arrested for belonging to the Muslim brotherhood.
Cancer victim who loved lattes is laid to rest in a COSTA Coffee branded coffin
Man disowns 'dull, rapist' son, 14
Burglar finds child porn while robbing a house; calls cops on soccer coach.
Cheeky city man sodomises cop
Burglar finds child porn while robbing a house; calls cops on the owner.
Vitruvian man had a hernia
Lawyers say those who Neknominate someone who dies could face manslaughter charges.
Iran Will Subject Female Soccer Players to Random Gender Tests
New Study: Internet Trolls Are Often Machiavellian Sadists
Student Calls Teacher 'Communist' for Not Letting Him Watch USA Hockey
London 2012 organisers wanted Keith Moon to play at Olympics ceremony
Pope gives marriage tips on Valentine's Day
In Tahoe, please don't spank the bears
Quarter of Americans think sun revolves around Earth
Swiss fighters grounded during hijacking because it happened outside business hours
Snake Handling preacher dead from fatal snake bite.
LAPD goes to Israel, falls in love with drones and mass surveillance
Fischer: I Want Homosexuality To Be Illegal 'Because I Love Black Males'
Cruz: 'Our Heart Weeps' Due To Marriage Equality Gains
TN bill proposes electrocution as execution backup
Woman buys all 'indecent' shirts to remove them from store
Child disciplined after calling teacher a "Communist" for not letting him watch USA Hockey.
Man dropped trousers in Exeter Cathedral and damaged crucifix
Woman Jailed for Not Returning a Movie She Rented in 2005
World naked sledging championships held in Germany
Norwegian mass murderer refuses to eat until prison upgrades his PlayStation console.
Picture of Obama kicking a door called racist, student forced to apologize
Ethiopian Air Co-Pilot Hijacks Own Plane Seeking Swiss Asylum
Swiss Air Force's weekdays-only schedule kept fighters grounded during hijacking
Swiss fighters grounded during hijacking as outside office hours
'Catch me if you can' motorcyclist is caught
Man in China tries to feed himself to tigers
School run dad can't stop laughing at pupils slipping on ice
76ers Sign High School Student With Down Syndrome To Two-Day Contract
"Ai Weiwei vase worth $1m broken in local artist protest" (BBC)
Female firearms officers win £70,000 payout for sex discrimination - because their guns were too big for their small hands
No Swiss fighter jets were scrambled Monday when an Ethiopian Airlines co-pilot hijacked his own plane and forced it to land in Geneva, because according to the Swiss Air Force, it happened outside business hours.
"Snake Salvation" TV Preacher Dies From Snake Bite
California Police Taser Deaf Man Attempting To Communicate With Them By Sign Language
'Petite' firearms officer wins sex discrimination case because gun was too big for her hands
Ai Weiwei vase worth $1m broken in local artist protest
Germans beat Brits to world naked sledging title
New Zealand Prime Minister Claims He's Not A Lizard Person, Which Is Exactly What Lizard People Would Say
Cat brings down portion of Sochi Olympic venue
Ostrich Egg Hurled At Wife Over Pig
Nike to unveil 'Back to the Future' self-tying power laces in 2015
Crazy Amazon Seller Threatens the Wrath of Scientology on People Who Give Negative Feedback
Alex Jones Channels Lizard From Outer Space To Reveal Dangers Of Obamacare
Satanists: Accused Craigslist killer not one of us
Pooh Teddy Bear To Blame For Blocked Sewers, Says Scottish Water
The Chevron Guarantee: Our well won't explode...or your pizza is free!
Singer to Perform Gig in Public Toilet
Dad on school run can't stop laughing at pupils slipping on ice
Woman Hits Boyfriend With Car After Fight Over Sandwich
National clown shortage may be approaching, trade organizations fear
Barbie strikes an 'unapologetic' pose in Sports Illustrated
Mother upset with PacSun T-shirt display buys every last provocative shirt
Obama's tea party cousin who's running for Senate compared president to Hitler
Mayor wants to drive horse-drawn carriages out of New York City
For snake-handling preacher, 10th bite proves fatal
Woman jailed for not returning video she rented 9 years ago
Ragtag Team of Rogue Chihuahuas Terrorizing Arizona Town
Man, 27, fails in suicide bid after tigers reject chance to eat him
Greg Abbott vows to campaign with Ted Nugent despite sexual predator history
Proposed Kansas bill would allow spanking that leaves marks.
Chicago goes to war with Asian carp
Mayor Wants To Drive Horse-Drawn Carriages Out Of NYC
Convicted Norwegian mass-killer Anders Behring Breivik goes on hunger strike, demands new video game system
Internet trolls are jerks in real life too
BUSTED! Jerusalem will now check DNA of dog droppings left on street and fine owners (x-post /r/Israel)
Justice Scalia: Chicago pizza 'shouldn't be called pizza'
Marriage not as good as 'Predator', say men
Woman jailed for failing to return VHS tape of...
Child molester says victim to blame for injuries
Capital One says it can show up at cardholders' homes, workplaces
Barbara Walters talks about her vibrator
Tom Petri seeks ethics probe of himself
Snowplow driver to irate man: 'I'll move the snow, please don't shoot me'
Vladimir Putin is totally not upset about disallowed Russia goal vs. USA hockey, casually shames team
The Swiss Air Force Will Only Repel Invasions During Office Hours
Chevron apologizes for fracking well explosion with coupons for free pizza
There's A Clown Shortage: Who Will Fill Those Big Shoes?
National Clown Shortage Has Trade Groups Frowning - Yahoo News
Florida man beats roommate to death during argument over chicken foot: cops
SC Woman Jailed Over Unreturned Video
Cops: Man robbed of rock salt at gunpoint
The Chevron Guarantee: Our well won't explode...or your pizza is free! Read more at http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/attytood/Chevron-Endure-our-fracking-fire-and-the-pizzas-on-us.html#j1SitO746QLeVFQW.99
Man jailed for getting tattoo artist to ink giant penis on friend's back
'Joe The Plumber' Gets A Union Job
Utah mother says store's shirts are 'indecent,' buys them all to remove from window display
Stray Chihuahuas terrorize Arizona town, chase children, run wild
Pharrell Williams is not a vampire: 'I'm willing to go on record as saying I don't drink people's blood'
Spy Chief: We Should've Told You We Track Your Calls
Curlers more likely to hurt themselves than lugers, speed skaters
Billy Corgan Announces Eight-Hour Live Interpretation Of Siddhartha
Honey Price Increases Lead to Jump In Beehive Thefts
$2.2 billion solar power plant instantly broils any bird that crosses its path
Pharrell Williams Says He's Not a Vampire, So Stop Looking Into That
Fight Over Donuts Sparks Stabbing in VT
Scientists Predict Robots Could Be Having Sex For Reproduction With Humans In As Little As 30 Years
Thief leaves phone with 'selfie' at crime scene, leads to arrest
`Selfie' photo leads to California burglary arrest
She Thought 'Fargo' Was Real: The Misguided Voyage of 'Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter'
84-year-old nun sentenced to nearly 3 years in prison for break-in at Tenn. nuke plant
Another Reason For California To Be Sacred Shitless: Earthquake Storms
Utah mom says shirts are 'indecent,' buys them all
Man arrested for stomping on children's feet.
Wild Pack Of Chihuahuas Terrorize Phoenix, Arizona
Breast-fondling fake healer arrested in Barcelona
Man Stabbed After Fight at No Drama Lounge
Edward Snowden Gets His Own Action Figure
Online Trolls Really Are Terrible People, Study Says
Newt Gingrich calls out John 'Kerrey' ... too bad Twitter doesn't have spellcheck
To Kill a Mockingbird, Just Get a Cat
The Guardian Mistakenly Outs Patrick Stewart as Gay in Ellen Page Story
Nestlé Recalls Hot Pockets Due to Improper Meat Inspections
Google tells Glass users not to be 'Glassholes'
Elderly nun sentenced to 35 months for Tennessee nuclear break-in
Lace underwear to be banned in Kazakhstan, Russia and Belarus for lack of absorption
Obama Lookalike Satan Character Axed From Jesus Movie "Son of God"
Snake-handling pastor Jamie Coots dies after rattle snake bite
The NSA Lost a Free Speech Lawsuit (Involving a T-Shirt)
Equatoguinean man qualifies in 100m freestyle swimming with a time of 1:52:72
The U.S.'s Clown Shortage Is No Laughing Matter
Mountain Dew Good at Quenching Thirst, Liquifying Rodents.
Naked man tries to force his way onto New Jersey Transit bus in broad daylight
Police: Man upset with snow removal efforts shoots at snowplow driver
Swiss Airforce Grounded During Hijacking Because It Was Outside Office Hours
Rob Ford declares 'war' on 10 opponents in latest campaign video
Utah lawmaker: Our atmosphere needs more carbon dioxide
Cops Nab Paedophile After Tip-off From Thief
Nun, 84, sentenced to three years in jail for nuclear break-in
After fracking blast, Chevron offers pizza
Nun, 84, sentenced to three years in jail for nuclear break-in | World news
Union-Hater 'Joe The Plumber' Just Got A Union Job At Chrysler
Utah Mom Finds "Indecent" T-Shirts At Store, Buys All Of Them
Utah Lawmaker says there should be more CO2.
Woman jailed, accused of failing to return video
Chevron Hands Out Free Pizza Coupons After Gas Well Explosion Kills One
Elderly nun sentenced to 3 years for nuclear weapons break in
Shopper buys $565 worth of 'inappropriate' shirts to get them off display
Cannibal restaurant 'with roasted human heads on the menu' shut down by police
Grocery Cook Fired for Hurting North Carolina Governor's Feelings
Depressed factory worker is mauled by Chinese zoo's white tiger after offering HIMSELF up as food in front of horrified onlookers
Nun, 84, gets three years in US prison for nuclear break-in
Arizona neighborhood terrorized by feral packs of abandoned Chihuahuas.
Man in China tries to feed himself to tigers in zoo, tigers won't eat him
Captain Morgan Saves a Baby's Life
Elderly nun sentenced to 3 years for breaking into a nuclear weapons facility
Offended Utah mom buys up provocative PacSun T-shirts featuring nearly-naked women
Here's How to Predict the Weather Using Your Cat
Utah Mom Finds Pacsun Shirts Indecent, Buys Them All
Florida Man Beat Roommate to Death Over Stolen Fried Chicken Foot
In protest of PacSun's 'pornographic' t-shirts, a mom buys all of them
Utah mom says shirts in mall display are 'indecent,' buys them all - Cause you know logic... or something.
How to Keep an Eye on Your Aging Parents Without Annoying the Crap Out of Them
National clown shortage is on the horizon
Obama-Satan lookalike cut from film version of hit mini-series The Bible
Scruff McGruff The Crime Dog Arrested For Having Drugs, Grenade Launcher
Swedish expert disarms 25-year-old herring tin
Murder spree left Joanna Dennehy 'stinking of blood'
Policeman who shot and killed a pregnant restauranteur for not serving him milk tea gets the death sentence (Xpost from /r/worldnews
Policeman who shot and killed a pregnant restauranteur for not serving him milk tea gets the death sentence
Depressed Man Tries to Feed Himself to Tigers, Gets Rejected
What Your Earwax Says About You
Edward Snowden elected Glasgow University rector
Social media gone too far? Birdseye launches hashtag-shaped potato smileys
Prime Minister of New Zealand denies he is a shape-shifting, reptilian alien. We've all heard that one before
Apple values your privacy, ads firms complain
Tea prescribed for warring parents
Chevron Offers One Free Pizza (Special Combo Only) to Residents Affected by Natural Gas Drilling Explosion
84-Year-Old Nun Sentenced To Nearly 3 Years In Prison For Nuclear Plant Break-In
Council builds £40,000 ramp for disabled child living in council house.
Justice Scalia And Jon Stewart Concur Chicago Pizza Isn't Pizza
Pet Owl Forces Owner to Watch Movies She Hates, Like Star Wars
Nun, 84, gets 3 years in prison for breaking in nuclear weapons complex
Proposed Kansas bill would allow stronger spanking
Woman offended by Pac Sun t-shirts, buys every single one.
In election year, Romania debates giving human rights to dolphins
Anders Behring Breivik threatens hunger strike to get better video games
Unstoppable Soviet Motorcycle Now Comes With Bourgeois Luxuries
Upset Utah mom buys all 'indecent' PacSun shirts :: The Salt Lake Tribune
Muslim leaders issue a fatwa against anyone living on MARS as there is 'no righteous reason' to be there
Irish Mum let men rape daughter for "free alcohol"
A Utah Mom Buys Up Every "Indecent" Shirt at the Local PacSun
One-way trip to Mars prohibited in Islam
Executives sue anonymous trolls over 'abusive' Internet comments
Bill lets teachers spank kids 10 times
World's first Dogecoin ATM launches in Vancouver
Upset Utah Mom Buys All of PacSun's Sexy T-Shirts to Shield Innocent Young Eyes from the Female Form
Teen was shot for having Wii controller in hand
Vet Confirms New Zealand Prime Minister is Not a Reptile.
Zit bacteria named for Frank Zappa
Former USA Congressman arrested for staying illegally in Zimbabwe and shooting 100 porn videos with local girls
Noam Chomsky: Zombies are the new Indians and slaves in white America's collective nightmare
Hot Pockets Might Have Diseased Animal Meat In Them
Attorney: Teen was shot for having Wii controller in hand
Utah mother says shirts are 'indecent,' buys them all
Mauritania's new sports minister: 'I never watched a game in my life'
Hickory pastor raises cane
Obama Wants Art History Majors to Know He Thinks Art History Is Totally Cool
Oklahoma reports itself to NCAA for excessive pasta cosumption
Wild packs of Chihuahuas chase children home from school in Phoenix.
Cows make more milk when listening to R.E.M.
After Pa. Gas Well Explosion, Chevron Hands Out Gift Certificates For Free Pizza
Man lost in Dubai Mall for 13 months describes ordeal
Reindeer glitter to improve road safety in Finland
Suspended senator Patrick Brazeau managing Ottawa strip club
Hot Pockets recalled after meat found 'unfit for human food'
Suspended Canadian Senetor Brazeau now working at Ottawa strip club
State to buy tinfoil hats to combat Common Core
tpdnews: Cambridge man Torments TPD K9- Arrested !!
Man Reunites with Sweetheart, Loses 275 Pounds
The Swiss air force: armed and dangerous, but only in office hours | World news | The Guardian
You Can Now Purchase an Edward Snowden Action Figure
Crack-pipe vending machines set up in downtown Vancouver
Family seeks a medium's help after 10-month old child dies from SIDS Family seeks a medium's help after 10-month old child dies
92 percent of all warrants served in San Antonio were the result of "no-knock" searches
GOP Candidate: Protecting LGBTs From Getting Fired Is 'Segregation'
Family seeks a medium's help after 10-month old child dies from SIDS
Ex-senator Patrick Brazeau lands job at Ottawa strip club
New Strain of Acne Named After Frank Zappa
Is wearing a 'Hitler moustache' a good idea?
Blondie Bennett, Barbie-Obsessed Woman, Uses Hypnotherapy To Make Herself 'Brainless'
Health News - Metal in the heart is non-hazardous to health
Patrick Stewart mistakenly outed as gay after congratulating Ellen Page
Blondie Bennett has hypnotherapy to make her like 'brainless sex doll'
Pooperoni? Baby-Poop Bacteria Help Make Healthy Sausages
Pussy Riot attacked with whips by Cossack militia at Sochi Olympics
Racist Restaurant that Won't Serve 'Ni*gers' or 'Fa*gots' Gets Yelp Reviews for 'Best Gay Bar' (Images)
Marco Rubio Is Upset At Obama For Apologizing To Art History Majors
Marco Rubio Calls Obama's Art History Apology 'Pathetic'
All-female LoL Tournament May Threaten Fabric of Gaming Society
Marco Rubio: Obama art apology 'pathetic'
Techmeme: Winklevoss brothers launch new Bitcoin price index called Winkdex
Putin After Hockey Loss: 'This Must Be What an Actual Election Feels Like'
George W. Bush: 'I miss Air Force One'
Billy Corgan to Perform Eight-Hour Ambient Jam Inspired by Hermann Hesse's Siddhartha
Mom upset over T-shirts on display buys them from store
San Antonio police: 'Catch me if you can' motorcyclist is caught
Lace underwear to be banned in Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan
Florida town names Vanilla Ice as its Citizen of the Year
Woman Takes Barbie Transformation To Extreme, Uses Hypnotherapy To Become 'Brainless'
High School Dance Stopped Due To Twerking
Hear the music a 16th-century artist etched on a man's butt
Hot chocolate injures 5 at Northside College Prep on city's Northwest Side
Mayor pushes Verizon to discount FiOS for poor
Following GOP warnings about workers unionizing leading to less work and hurting the economy, Volkswagen official threatens to block expansion if workers won't unionize.
Satan cut from The Bible for looking like Barack Obama
US investigates illegal military equipment shipments from Israel to Iran
Google will explore bringing Fiber to 34 new cities including Portland and Atlanta
The University of Oklahoma Reported Itself to NCAA for Excessive Pasta Consumption
Lostprophets' Ian Watkins Jokes His Child Sex Crimes Were 'Mega Lolz'
Three Sooners penalized for pasta
Carbo overloading: OU penalized for pasta
Hey FDA, Poop Is Not a Drug
Pizza Hut 'embarrassed' over peeing video
Barbie doll fan has hypnotherapy to make her 'brainless' like her icon
Pussy Riot attacked with whips by Cossack militia
Russian coach after loss: 'Eat me alive right now'
'Internet Trolls' Are Actually Jerks in Real Life Too, According to Study
Obama is a Dictator Who Uses Miley Cyrus & Kanye West to Destroy America
Pussy Riot beaten with horsewhips by Cossacks at Sochi games
Clown shortage threatens the nation
Petition to Split California Into Six States Gets Green Light
Pizza Hut Employee Fired After Urinating in Sink in West Virginia
Puppy's overdose on e-cigarette 'could have killed a child'
WWE Studios Starting Production On JINGLE ALL THE WAY 2
With This Bacon I Thee Wed
Russian Olympic Hockey Coach: 'Eat Me Alive Right Now'
Vancouver drug centre teaching alcoholics to brew their own beer so they'll stop drinking mouthwash
Sikh Woman Harnaam Kaur Embraces Facial Hair Despite Bullying That Left Her Suicidal
Colorado Woman Leaves Newborn Baby In Front of Departing Train Because Jesus
Police: Elderly woman drew gun to ward off unwanted shoveler
Two Men on Hovercraft Save Deer Stuck on a Frozen Lake
Testicle Pictures on Reddit Saved This Bearded Man's Life
China soldiers too fat for oldschool tanks
Walgreens gives customer wrong medicine, and tells her, 'Well, you know, they both begin with H'
Racist Joke in local newspaper... for real?
Cockfighting enthusiasts angry with McConnell for supporting farm bill that stiffens penalties
Man burglarizes apartment, claims to be 'Jack Bauer'
Sikh woman ditches the razor to embrace her beard
PD: Phoenix man kidnaps, assaults girlfriend over Facebook
Muslim leaders issue a fatwa against anyone living on MARS
Brett Favre thinks Johnny Manziel may be 'young Brett Favre'
Navy Capt Fired After Raising Funds From Strip Clubs
Japan: Woman Chased by Stampeding Colony of Rabbits
Homeowner who captured thieves on camera told to take footage offline - because he didn't get criminals' consent
Toronto council could turn testy with taxi, TTC chair debates day after Rob Ford declared 'war' on councillors
Real life doll uses hypnotherapy to become brainless
'Flying Cyrus,' a Flappy Bird Knockoff Starring Miley Cyrus, Is the No. 1 App for iPhone
Oklahoma Sooners self-report excessive pasta
Google to Glassholes: Stop it
Muslims 'warned in Fatwa not to live on Mars'
President Obama is the New Face of Foreign Viagra
EasyJet flight delayed for after schoolboy saw passenger 'writing in Arabic'
Plane take-off delayed after security alert over Middlesbrough student writing Arabic in notebook
Gulf Imams issue Fatwa against Muslims travelling to Mars
'Superhuman' Chinese police agent 'Mr. Li' was actually a 54-year-old alleged con-woman, convicted fraudster
Woman tries to kill hubby with poop
Pa. residents near blown gas well get pizzas
Chevron explosion kills a man, they apologize with pizza and soda
Chevron Gives Residents Near Fracking Explosion Free Pizza
Bret Easton Ellis is Writing a Script for Kanye that Takes Place in 'Kanye Land'
3 Oklahoma University student-athletes lose eligibility after eating too much pasta at charity banquet
Armed Lowell woman, 79, dissuades insistent shoveler
Cleaner throws out 'rubbish' Sala Murat artwork
Muslim leaders issue fatwa against life on Mars
Chevron offers free pizza to make up for deadly fracking explosion
Old Douche Unearthed Near New York City Hall
200-Year-Old Douche Discovered at City Hall
Give British women the sport they want - even if it's more Zumba
Iowa worker loses job after using forklift to wrestle desired candybar from vending machine
Going to Mars is 'Haram,' new fatwa says
Gulf imams issue fatwa warning Muslims not to live on Mars as it would pose 'a real risk to life'
Marsupials with suicidal sex habits: three new species found in Queensland | Environment
Planos de Agencia de viajes. planta, en Comercios varios - Proyectos
Arizona Senate: Business owners can cite religion to refuse service to gays
Some Pa. residents near blown Chevron gas well finding pizza gift hard to swallow
Angry Birds is not a fad, dev says
Reindeer get fluorescent antlers to reduce roadkill
Anti-Pizzeria Proposal Calls For End To All LES Pizza
Meryl Streep thanked more often than God in Oscar acceptance speeches
Exclusive: Ben Affleck to Testify Before Congress as an Africa Expert
Colorado Lawmaker leaves loaded handgun in House committee room
Man arrested for standing in his own driveway.
Oklahoma Woman Falls Out Of Car While Driving With Her Knees
Cat Bites Are Linked To Depression
American flags made in China now banned in U.S. military
Islamic authority issues fatwa forbidding travel to Mars
Average obese woman gets just 1 hour of exercise a year
Wikipedia 1,000-volume print edition planned
Oklahoma Sooners penalized for three student-athletes eating too much pasta
Boy Steals Parents Car, Tells Cops He's a Dwarf [xpost WTF]
Man fired for using forklift to free stuck candy
Fire Damages Bellevue Fire Department
Cambridge stool bank helps meet growing need for fecal transplants
WhatsApp's Founder Goes From Food Stamps to Billionaire
Barack Obama is Using Miley Cyrus to Destroy and Distract America According to Korn Frontman
Ben Affleck to Testify Before Congress as an Africa Expert
Heroin found in Sullivan County elementary school
The Twix Bar, the Forklift, and the Fired Iowan
Bartlesville Cop Recovers After Suffering Heart Attack While Making Arrest
Brawl brakes out at a wedding reception over a pork pie.
Oil giant Chevron offers residents near well explosion free pizza and soda
Roadside Survey Of Impaired Driving Causes Outcry
Discontinuing IKEA shelves send vinyl enthusiasts into panic
Teenager Dies From A Heart Attack After Masturbating 56 Times
Texas District Attorney Candidate: Domestic Violence Is 'So, So Overrated'
Dem Candidate for Harris DA Says Domestic Violence is "Overrated"
Woman jailed for not returning 2005 VHS
Hot Pockets Recalled For Containing Diseased Animals
FATWA issued by Muslim leaders for anyone living on Mars
Baby poo sausages 'tasty', 'key to good gut'
Things I learned during the Alabama Legislature's Ten Commandments debate today
Justice: Chicago-style deep dish isn't pizza
Michael Jordan wins $5 million lawsuit against supermarket for congratulating him on HOF induction
Woman jailed for not returning VHS from 2005
Norwegian TV declares a curling 'trouser crisis' before tiebreaker match with Great Britain
Michele Bachmann: U.S. not ready for female president
Panty riot: Eurasian women draw a visible line against lingerie law
The minority report: Chicago's new police computer predicts crimes, but is it racist?
Staff Sergeant in nation guard uses 8,000 lbs forklift at civilian job to shake free twix bar stuck in vending machine
800-pound runaway snowball slams into Oregon college dorm
Iowan fired for using forklift on candy machine
Iowa man sacked for using forklift on vending machine
Smartest Kid Ever Sells Girl Scout Cookies Outside a Medical Marijuana Clinic
Facebook Makes $54 Trillion Bid For The Internet
Florida Man Attempts To Conquer Arachnophobia With Giant Spider Tattoo
What Is Your Inner Potato?
Unruly black youths + The Plaza = more trouble
Chicken-Wielding Protesters Target Pussy Riot in Sochi
Suspected drunken driver collides with police car
Titus Welliver Cautions That 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Is "Not a Kids Movie"
Milwaukee Bucks Hold Bizarre Fax Machine Contest To Meet Coolio And Glenn Robinson.
One-way Mars One mission detractors now include some Muslim clerics.
Islamic clerics issue fatwa against living on Mars
Plan to divide California into 6 states advances
Cocky Mitch McConnell Fights Cockfighting In Farm Bill, Cockfighting Fans Furious
Police investigating assault find apartment empty after hours-long standoff in Oak Cliff
Cockfighting fans 'will destroy Mitch McConnell in Kentucky' if the Tea Party doesn't
Gay rights protest in Boise results in 32 arrests
Deputy wrecks 33 times in 17 years, but union fights for his job
Disney's 'Frozen' Slammed By Mormon Grandmother For 'Gay Agenda To Normalize Homosexuality'
Guard member fired after using forklift to retrieve Twix from vending machine
The Sound Of Cowbells Haunts Olympics Reporter
Obama apologizes for joking about art history majors
Mayor de Blasio's SUV caught on camera running two stop signs and speeding just days after he announced crackdown on dangerous driving
Former GOP House Leader: God Wrote The Constitution (VIDEO)
DeLay: Americans Have Forgotten That God Wrote The Constitution
3 Men Being Tried for Theft in 30 Cents of Stolen Fruit
Florida Man Attempts To Cure His Arachnophobia By Tattooing Giant Spider Across His Face
Tom DeLay: People keep forgetting that God 'wrote the Constitution'
Georgia Clears The Road For Confederate-Themed License Plate
Former GOP House Majority Leader Tom Delay: Americans have forgotten that God "wrote the Constitution"
Packs of wild Chihuahuas terrorizing city
Breakfast with cobra venom to get a high
Woman stabs mother and returns to the scene of the crime and confesses to the crime during a news report
Italian cleaner accidentally throws modern art in the bin
Dutch speedskating coach: US football 'sucks'
Cleaner at the Sala Murat gallery accidentally destroys thousands of pounds' worth of modern art by throwing exhibition in the bin - Mirror Online
5 Crazy Cosmetic Surgery Procedures for Dogs
Mashed potatoes broke man's teeth, lawsuit claims
Mie Prefecture dentist arrested after massaging woman's chest in order to fix "misaligned" teeth
Fork in the face ends couple's Valentine's date
Muslim group: two imams pulled from plane bound for North Carolina
Addiction counselor faces drug charges
Chris Christie hopes Bruce Springsteen will be his friend someday
California sheriff who says $276,000 pension not enough fuels push for reform
Sudan court convicts Ethiopian woman over 'gang-rape'
Man Beaten with Icicle, Robbed
Woman Finds Cell Phone Video Of Boyfriend Having Sex With Dog
Turkey attacks Greensboro mail carrier; bird a 'public threat'
Twix-Loving Man Fired for Attacking Twix-Withholding Vending Machine With Forklift
Deport Bieber petition is second-highest ever on White House website
Arizona Town's Stray Chihuahuas Are Creating a Public Health Threat
David Letterman wants Jay Leno to steal Jimmy Fallon's 'Tonight Show' thunder
Dallas Police have 6 hour stand off with an empty apartment
Boehner: I'd rather kill myself than raise the minimum wage
Cleaning Lady Threw Away Expensive Modern Art She Mistook For Trash
Finally, US Military will no longer fly American flags made in China
Pharrell Goes On Record: "I Am Not A Vampire".
'Doomsday Prepper' arrested on weapons charges after deputies watch reality show
Comcast to compete with Google fiber, offering 505MB/s internet for $399.95 a month!
Clerics Issue Fatwa: Muslims Can't Live On Mars
Kurt Cobain's Hometown Honors Him With Hideous, Crying Statue
Newark Mayoral Campaign Bus Set on Fire
Katatonia Part Ways With Guitarist Per "Sodomizer" Eriksson
Security scare delays EasyJet flight for two hours because schoolboy saw another passenger 'writing in Arabic'
Pittsburg County Deputy Gets Stuck On Elevator With Nine Inmates
Women Tilt Their Heads More, and Other Findings From a Rigorous Analysis of Selfies
Vomiting from car window, Oklahoma man hits head on mailbox
Cleaning Woman Mistakes Contemporary Artwork For Trash, Throws It Away
Burglar's spree ends after he is caught napping holding a kitchen knife at a woman's house.
Galaxy's centre tastes of raspberries and smells of rum | Science
Pooperoni? Baby-Poop Bacteria Make Healthy Sausages
Genius Girl Scout sells hundreds of cookies outside medical marijuana clinc
Boulder is now the clit tickling capitol of the world
Depressed man tries to feed himself to tigers, gets rejected (xpost /r/funnyandsad)
USA vs. Canada hockey stakes raised with 'Loser Keeps Bieber' billboard in Chicago
Stoner Alert! Olympic Skier Laughs When He Sees His Score Is 4.20
Enterprising Girl Scout Sells Cookies Outside Marijuana Clinic
Girl Scout Does Brisk Business Selling Cookies Outside San Francisco Pot Club
Imams issue fatwa against Muslims going to Mars
Woman uses hypnotherapy to make herself brainless like Barbie
Duke: $60,000 A Year For College Is Actually A Discount
Al Manar TV says Jews invented Superman to conquer the world
Rolling Stone Keith Richards' last artwork discovered in NZ. Owner thinks he 'stuffed it up' by signing it
Georgia teen shot to death after cop allegedly mistook a wii controller for a gun.
DNA tests reveal Hitler's Jewish and African roots
Arizona passes a law allowing discrimination motivated by religious belief.
'Loser keeps Bieber' billboard raises stakes in U.S.-Canada Olympic hockey semis
Media orgs fight for access to videos of Justin Bieber urinating
'Dead' man missing for decades wants to be declared alive
Cops hit my car, then arrested me
Muslims are not allowed to go to Mars.
Man sentenced to two years in prison for stealing hot dog
From Sheila to Sexy: Ohio woman changes name
High School Dance Stopped Due To Twerking, Dance Lessons Suggested
Teens arrested in beating death Police: "Suspects might have wanted to see who could hit harder."
Toronto school trustee called 'homophobic' for questioning nudity at 'family friendly' Pride parade
Hezbullah's Al Manar TV says Jews invented Superman to conquer the world
Justin Bieber urinating video has media orgs fighting for access
Haters Going to Hate, Research Suggests
Harvard supercomputing cluster hijacked to produce dumb cryptocurrency
Chevron's Lobbyist Now Runs the Congressional Science Committee
Man Charged in Stabbing Death at Ill. Gun Club
Muslims Forbidden from Traveling to Mars
Dish Networks hoping to finally clear up confusion between Dish Hopper and Dennis Hopper · Newswire · The A.V. Club
Eat24 Put A Bear Penis on TV, By Accident
Olympians Stand Tall in Their Onesies
Air Force stimulates brain waves of drone operators
Google asks Glass wearers to stop being such Glassholes
French police in Le Cannet introduce drive-through stations
Lily Allen Names New Album 'Sheezus'
Three kids age 10-12 rob the Ice Cream truck at gunpoint
Study finds dogs have larger carbon footprint than SUVs
Child Robs Ice Cream Truck Driver At Gunpoint
Report: Space Jam 2 Starring LeBron James Is In The Works
Girl stops shaving beard to feel more feminine
Blind man acquitted in fatal shooting gets guns back
Google Launches a Deforestation Map to Track All the Trees We're Killing
LeBron James To Star In "Space Jam 2"
Police: Couple refuses to pay fare after having sex in cab
Woman endures 18 hours in cold after hand gets stuck in truck
Exxon CEO Comes Out Against Fracking Project Because It Will Affect His Property Values
President Obama barricades self in Oval Office after House Of Cards marathon
US government testing electroshock therapy as a substitute for caffeine
Muslim clerics issue fatwa banning the devout from Mars One 'suicide' mission - Martian mavericks bite back with Quran quotes
Is the Arctic Really Drunk, or Does It Just Act Like This Sometimes?
Viking apocalypse: End of the world predicted to happen on Saturday (but don't cancel your weekend plans yet)
Are you ready for the Viking Apocalypse? Norse myth predicts world will end this Saturday
Nicki Minaj Sued for Wig Plagiarism
Men banned from becoming Queen as 700 years of law redrafted ahead of gay marriage
Viking calendar predicts the world will end Saturday
Girl Scout Sells Cookies Outside Medical Marijuana Clinic
Florida Man Terrified of Spiders So He Tattooed a Giant One on His Face
Sexual misconduct with cows reported in Herkimer CO.
Girl Scout sells cookies outside pot dispensary: 117 boxes in 2 hours
3 Kids 10-12 rob the ice cream man at gun point
Florida Man tattoos spider on his face to overcome fear of spiders
Manitoba bars open at 5 a.m. for Canada gold hockey game
Armed Kwik Shop robbers encounter police inside : Journal Star Breaking News
A Saudi Woman Is Threatened After Tweeting About Beards
Why Ukraine's Former Prime Minister (and Her Hair) Are So Important - ABC News
Georgia GOPer defending sex offenders schools 'right' to be in schools and parks with your kids
Georgia GOPer Defending Sex Offenders' 'Right' to Be in Schools and Parks With Your Kids
In light of recent advances in recognition of gay rights, Great Britain has carefully crafted new laws to assure that no man will ever become the Queen of England.
Jogger wearing headphones fails to hear police, ends up getting arrested
Worsening US Divorce Rate Points to Improving Economy
Greg Ellis worries about Michael Sam patting someone on the butt
Pricey cat poop coffee doesn't impress these West Michigan experts
Fatwa forbids Muslims from 'suicidal' Mars missons
Prostitute in formal complaint to Assembly over grilling by DUP man
Drunken thief returns stolen bike with free Domino's voucher attached
Parrot Rats Out Owner At DUI Checkpoint
Alcoholics Learn To Make Their Own Beer In Canadian Program
'Celebrity Wife Swap' makes Coolio's girlfriend realize she could do better
Man tries to escape Cuba by windsurfing.
Mall cops freak out over steampunk meetup, call the real cops
Daniel Day-Lewis to Spend Six Months Living as Daniel Day-Lewis in Preparation For Role of Daniel Day-Lewis in Biopic of Daniel Day-Lewis
Strip clubs, massage parlours and porn films eligible for Government subsidies
Waiter tosses huge tip from 'Tips for Jesus'
'Inappropriate contact with farm animals' leads to arrests
Steampunk Carousel Outing Cut Short By Security Guards
Gay men to be banned from becoming Queen ahead of first same-sex marriages
Blind man gets guns back after shooting, killing man.
Fifty Shades of Grey bear with handcuffs deemed 'safe for all ages' goes on sale
Cleaning Lady Accidentally Throws Out Contemporary Art
Danish Zoo Kills Giraffe To Prevent Inbreeding
Garbage Is Now America's Biggest Export
Police Use Taser On Deaf Man Because He Was Trying To Use Sign Language To Communicate With Them
School Uses Man's Pants for National Anthem After They Don't Have a Flag at Game
Man Accidentally Shoots Himself Right After Gun Safety Class
Girl Scout Sells 117 Boxes Of Cookies In 2 Hours After Setting Up In Front Of A Marijuana Dispensary
Crushing Olympic hockey defeats made worse: Obama. Owes Canada two cases of beer
will.i.am Named Intel's Director of Creative Innovation
Will.I.Am Named Intel's New Director of Creative Innovation
White Man Robs Banks Disguised As Black Man
One person dies after Hispanic-style cheese outbreak
Last Dry Town In Connecticut Considers Giving Up On Prohibition
Man shoots himself in leg after leaving gun safety class
The lion that barked: China zoo under fire for disguising dog as lion
UK reporters go undercover to discover the fact that fairground games are often rigged
Australian man in agony with a killer belly condition after he caught mystery bug from a can of beer he dropped in a river.
Michigan Rape Insurance Bill is Now Passed into Law
Buddhist faction protests Dalai Lama as he visits U.S
Australian man caught mystery bug from a can of beer he dropped in a river
Australian man caught mystery stomach disease from can of beer dropped in river
Harvard student thrown off 14,000-core super ... for mining Dogecoin
NZ Prime Minister confirms he's 'not an alien'
Richard Dawkins' Honey Confiscated, Atheist Says Bin Laden Has Won In Bizarre Twitter Rant
Girl Scout sells 117 boxes of cookies in two hours outside Marijuana clinic [From /r/offbeat]
Exxon CEO joins anti-fracking lawsuit after drilling threatens his property value
Woman Arrested for Failed Mile-High Club Attempt
Fired Miami Dolphins trainer wins NFL trainer of the year award
Spelling bee runs out of words
Local self-described Caveman is on the prowl for a girlfriend. "Martinez has conquered land and sea, and now he's ready to conquer your heart."
Boy arrested after throwing snowball at cop
Heroes to Return in a 13-Episode Run
PACKING HOLY HEAT: Jesus will return to Earth with an AR-15 assault rifle, advocate predicts
Teens defend 'fail factory' school in error-filled letters
'Talula Does The Hula From Hawaii' not a girl's name, New Zealand court rules - Telegraph
Parents lose custody of girl for naming her Talula Does the Hula From Hawaii | Life and style | theguardian.com
India Declares Dolphins To Be "Non-Human Persons", Dolphin Shows Banned
John Boehner Would Rather Commit Suicide Than Raise The Minimum Wage
Designer of Georgia's Confederate License Plate Doesn't Understand Why People Are Upset
Girl Scout sells 117 cookie boxes in two hours outside pot dispensary
Drunk Teen Wearing Flower Pot Used Chainsaw To Rob Gas Station
Swearing causes TV football delay
Man robs store wearing flower pot as disguise, wielding chainsaw
NYC Snowplow Blows Over Restaurant Customer
U.S. now bugging German ministers in place of Merkel: report
Human foot found in shoe on Florida beach
1 in 4 Americans thinks the Sun goes around the Earth.
Herd of Elk Take Over Oregon Town
Thousands of Tumbleweeds Blow Into New Mexico Town
Russia Pokes Fun At Itself By Recreating Olympic Rings Malfunction
Drunken teen disguised as flower pot uses chainsaw to rob gas station.
Ottawa woman who gave oral sex to girl, 5, not pedophile: Doc
LAPD Caught In Armed Standoff With Call of Duty Video Game Statue
Austin police chief says jaywalkers should be happy they're not sexually assaulted by cops
Austin Police Chief Says Residents Should Just be Happy They're Not Sexually Assaulted by Cops
Tumblr user records 600-year-old song found on a sinner's butt in a Hieronymus Bosch painting
Police Officer Dies During 3 Way Sex. Widow Wins $3,000,000 in Death Lawsuit
Dead Rat In Cake Ruins Man's 96th Birthday, Family Says
Son of Dead Snake Salvation Pastor Will Also Refuse Snakebite Treatment
Mo. spelling bee hits snag, runs out of words
Nun, 84, jailed for three years after breaking into nuclear weapons plant and splashing human blood on the walls during protest
Rapid City man says female Hardee's boss made sex a condition of employment
San Diego State's Adam Muema Opts to Not Participate in NFL Combine Because God Told Him He Would Be Selected by the Seahawks
If you see a Big Mango on the back of a truck, call Bowen
Austin's police chief apologizes for bizarre defense of officers who arrested jaywalker
Man tries to pay Valentine's Day restaurant bill with 'trillion dollar' note
Missouri spelling bee hits snag, runs out of words
10-tonne giant mango attraction goes missing in north Queensland
Bowen's big mango gone
Adam Muema, a NFL draft prospect leaves the NFL Combine because "God told him to leave"
The Head Covering Movement | 1 Corinthians 11 For Today
Singapore Diplomat Jailed for Inflating Tarts
Activists Petitioning To Split California Into Six States
Rumor: Nutella has less nutritional value than cake frosting
The pro-choice case for infanticide.
Semen in yogurt linked to NM grocery store worker
Scores Of Idiots Don't Realize Fox Is Airing Last Year's Daytona 500
Ford Sync Said to Drop Microsoft in Switch to BlackBerry
Man impregnates daughter three times, says he did not know it is an abomination
Parents fined for letting daughter have sex
Cops: Woman spent six hours in a Wal-Mart making meth
Australia asks Cambodia to take asylum seekers amid violent crackdown
Texas candidate: Legalize road kill for food
'Not everyone who is gay is happy,' according to Kentucky billboard
North Korea Wants to Co-Host 2018 Olympics with South Korea
Cambodian necrophiliac who attempted sex act on corpse a day after the funeral arrested after falling asleep in the COFFIN
Ethical hacking organization hacked, website defaced with Edward Snowden's passport
Here Is Rob Ford Dropping a Beat
Australia's 10-tonne Mango seized in overnight heist
India leopard on loose causes panic in Meerut town
U.S. now bugging German ministers in place of Merkel
Witness Says Bigfoot Might Be Squatting In Detroit's Abandoned Houses
Australian Aslym Seeker Policy's Absurdity Thickens: Asylum Seeker Detention Centre Run By Ex-Sri Lankan Military Officer
Victim of alleged kidnapping, sexual assault arrested to help prove the case
Missouri spelling bee runs out of words, end in a tie
Okla. college student uncovers hidden song
Chinese General says smog is "best defence" against US lasers
Dead Rat In Cake Ruins Man's 96th Birthday
Punter calls Harrow Council Trading Standards to complain about prostitute who refused to have sex with him
Qualcomm builds first eight-core processor to appease spec-crazed Chinese customers
Sony developing Sega vs Nintendo movie
Gay oral sex can give you worms: Ugandan Prez after signing anti-homosexuality law
Haryana Govt hands out a pittance in the name of compensation
China's Naval Chief Says Smog is Best Defence Against US Laser Weapons
'Legendary' Missouri spelling bee on hold after organizers run out of words
Man arrested after trying to pay with "trillion dollar bill" in South Carolina
Leek cafe raided by cake, flapjack and scone thieves
Beach visitors baffled by safety railings built through a bench
'We don't have time for this,' said cop who fatally shot a 90 lb mentally ill teenager
Brothel punter lodges Trading Standards complaint because prostitute refused to have sex with him
Man tries to pay Applebee's tab with 1 Trillion dollar bill
Wal-Mart tells China its donkey meat contains fox
Rand Paul Says GOP Future Hinges On Attracting Folks With Tattoos, And Without
Are Selfies Causing Head Lice Infestations Among Teens?
Indiana Court of Appeals finds that being drunk and annoying is not against the law
Government of Egypt tenders its resignation
This Digital Condom Will Electrocute You for Pleasure
India: School textbooks say 'Japan nuked US'
Evenly Matched Spelling Bee Competitors Run Out of Words
Man Allegedly Steals Sound System, Then Came Back For Remote
Fox Is Making a Movie Out of Dennis Rodman's North Korea Trips
Loyola University Drops Social Activism Graduate Program, Students Protest
Farmer sets up cameras to bust upstate New Yorkers making porn with his cows
Alec Baldwin contemplates leaving New York for a more insulated life in Los Angeles
Lobbyist drafts bill to ban gays from NFL
Virginia Republican Says A Pregnant Woman Is Just A 'Host,' Though 'Some Refer To Them As Mothers'
The TSA "saw" my Bitcoin and wanted to count it
UFC ring girl says Ronda Rousey is not a good role model for women
ugh kindergarten students. really?
2014 CBS Cares Colonoscopy Sweepstakes
Iran FM Javad Zarif under fire for calling Holocaust 'a tragedy'
"Selfies" Cause Head Lice
Barbecue eatery owner, segregationist Maurice Bessinger dies at 83
Man fired for using forklift to dislodge Twix
Uganda president Yoweri Museveni: Gay sex 'gives you worms'
Packs Of Chihuahuas Terrorize Arizona Neighborhood, Chase Kids
Mormons Declare War on Masturbation
Now Fox is making a buddy comedy out of Dennis Rodman and Kim Jong Un's "hoops diplomacy" · Newswire · The A.V. Club
Minnesota nursing home defends rapist: 89-year-old victim was a 'flirt'
Time travellers: Please don't kill Hitler
Selfies Are Causing A Lice Outbreak In Teens
Going to Mars is Haram
Robin Thicke and Paula Patton Separate in Move That Shocks No One
Bear Man Charged After Reportedly Attempting To Hire Hit-Man
Arizona Town Overrun By Packs of Wild Roving Chihuahuas
Oakland County man accidentally kills himself demonstrating gun safety
If JK Rowling Cares About Writing, She Should Stop Doing It
Survey Finds Dirtier Subways After Cleaning Jobs Were Cut
Jobs remain the best insurance against unemployment
White Supremacist Finds Out His Ancestors Were Black (VIDEO)
Smooth Operators: This MIT Startup Gets Every Last Drop Of Ketchup Out Of The Bottle
Lehigh Valley IronPigs Unveil New Bacon-Themed Uniforms
UKIP (right wing party in the UK) councillor blames gay marriage for Piers Morgan returning to the UK
Piers Morgan's axing prompts transatlantic schadenfreude
School calls Buddhist student stupid, tells him to convert or switch schools
Buddhist Student Told to Change his Religion if he Doesn't Want to be Taught Creationism in School
Meth lab found in police parking lot
Bill to Ban Gay NFL Players
Blind Florida Man Gets Guns Back After Shooting Friend to Death
England: Roy Hodgson may use psychologist for penalties
Struggle Bank Robber Armed With Meat Cleaver Laughed At By Teller
Indiana Proposal Would Allow Some Religious Discrimination
Challenge Accepted: Anacin® Offers Barney Stinson Of "How I Met Your Mother" Lifetime Supply Of Headache Relief
Psychiatrist recommends unescorted day trips for man who beheaded bus passenger
Missouri Bill Would Allow Students To "Opt-Out" of Learning Evolution
New York abandons plan to clear subways of sleeping homeless people | World news
NYPD's chief internal investigator called whistleblower a 'rat': lawsuit
Spelling bee hits snag, runs out of words
ECHL's Las Vegas Wranglers to play home games next season on roof of casino
Arizona passes law allowing shopkeepers to refuse to serve gay people
Update: The big Bowen mango has been recovered
Counsellors tell legal high users to smoke real thing
Georgia court dismisses unsolicited 'sexting' case
Siberia to Become the Center of the Universe
Surfing 4m croc closes Broome's Cable Beach
Michigan man shoots himself dead demonstrating gun safety
Man Shoots Himself In The Head While Demonstrating Gun Safety
Dogs gone wild; packs of Chihuahuas roam streets
Russian Teen Sets Himself On Fire And Jumps Off A Building Just For Fun
Bible stops two bullets to save life of Ohio bus driver, police say
New Species of Mammal Kills Itself With Sex
Are Selfies Really Causing The Spread Of Head Lice In Teens?
Maid 'mixed urine into boss's tea'
Blind Man John Wayne Rogers Gets His Guns Back After Killing Friend in Fla. 'Stand Your Ground' Case
Lobbyist Has An Indecent Proposal for Gays in the NFL
Bill would allow sex offenders at schools
Taco Bell takes on McDonald's as its breakfast Waffle Taco goes nationwide
California man's plan to hire homeless for iPhones ends in brawl
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford Drops Beats At South by Southwest Fundraiser
White robber carries out six raids disguised as a black man and nearly gets away with it.
Ukraine police officer secretly texts protester after she confronted him and fellow officers; says he fell in love and wants to marry her
Colorado Girl Scouts Not Allowed To Sell Cookies Outside Pot Shops
Republicans to Discontinue Use of E-Mail
Man Fatally Shoots Himself While Teaching Gun Safety To Girlfriend
Cops: Couple Tried To Stiff Taxi Driver After Sex Session In Rear Of Illinois Cab
New York abandons plan to clear subways of sleeping homeless people
Uganda president: Homosexuals are 'disgusting'
JR Smith: "Headband tug was only an illusion."
Australian Idol winner Casey Donovan was in a six year relationship with a man she found out never actually existed.
Atheist Sees Image of Big Bang in Piece of Toast
Sao Paulo deploys unarmed jiu jitsu squad for anti-World Cup protests
GOP Senate Candidate Defends Use Of 'Wetbacks' Slur As 'Normal As Breathing Air'
New Zealand's Prime Minister Actually Refutes Claim That He Is a 'Shapeshifting Reptilian Alien Ushering Humanity Towards Enslavement'
Fish happy slap? Police release CCTV images after shop worker is slapped in the face with a bream
Michigan man fatally shoots self during gun safety lesson
Dominica's Fake Ski Team Scammed The Olympics And The Press
GOP Lobbyist Wants To Ban Gay Players From The NFL
Cape Coral woman living off the grid, relying on solar panels and treated rain water, has one month to 'plug in' to the grid
Grandmother in tears after Burger King receipt brands her a bitch ass hoe
Smog is China's top defence against US laser weapons, says PLA Navy admiral
ARIZONA GOVERNOR FEARS GOVERNMENT REGULATION COULD RUIN BIGOTRY AND HATRED
A man from Metatie, LA pleads guilty to squeezing hamster to death
Political candidate in TX believes motorists should be able to collect and consume roadkill.
This New iPhone App Alerts You When There's a Drone Strike
China's President Applauded for Not Using Air Mask
Independence Township man shoots, kills himself while demonstrating gun safety, deputies say
Man Accidentally Kills Self With Gun During Demonstration On Gun Safety
Smell Of Bacon Offends Muslims
Virginia Republican says pregnant women are "hosts," even if some people "refer to them as mothers"
Real-estate big 'painted penises in ex's home'
Amid Hipster Beard Craze, Doctors Say
Arizona confronting awkward realization that gay people have money, buy stuff
Beard Transplants Ensure No Brooklyn Cheek Left Behind
Large bag of pot donated to Pennsylvania Salvation Army in bag of clothes
Boy, 13, arrested for allegedly throwing snowball at cop
The internet is fucked
Facial Hair Transplants Growing Amid Hipster Beard Craze, Doctors Say
Internet trolls are also real-life trolls
Man Calls 911 On Himself After Escaping Police Custody
The TSA is looking for Bitcoin
Woman Settles Action Over Father Ted Milk Float
Woman settles action over Father Ted milk float crash
Suspicious Farmer Busts Alleged Cow Porn Ring
ARIZONA CONFRONTING AWKWARD REALIZATION THAT GAY PEOPLE HAVE MONEY, BUY STUFF: "gay people should have told us"
Moon punched in the face by a meteorite
Harvard Research Computing Resources Misused for 'Dogecoin' Mining Operation
'Mummy, I could have done that' - new book pokes fun at modern art
Hipster wannabes drop thousands on 'facial hair transplants'
Man Only Eats Pizza for 25 Years Straight
This Man Has Survived on Pizza Alone for 25 Years
The Doctrine of Academic Freedom | Let's give up academic freedom in favor of justice.
Bayer CEO: We made medicine for people who can afford it, not Indians
Knife-wielding 'Hamburglar' hits Salt Lake City McDonalds
How Our Hillary Clinton Cover Came About - NYTimes.com
Breitbart Exclusive: Mark Levin to Receive Inaugural Citizens United 'Andrew Breitbart Defender of the First Amendment Award'
Miley Cyrus 'Would Rather Choke On My Own Tongue' Than Play Tinkerbell
'Ride Along' Director Tim Story to Helm Movie Based on Dennis Rodman North Korea Mission (Exclusive)
Colorado Girl Scouts told not to sell cookies outside pot shops
GOP Lawmaker: We Need to Ban Sex-Selective Abortions Because of Asian Immigrants
Arizona Pizzeria Refuses to Serve Legislators Over Anti-Gay Law | TIME.com
"Gays spend money" Arizona's new law has one major problem.
As if you didn't have enough reasons to avoid Australia, here's another:Surfing crocodiles
Virginia Senator Says Pregnant Women are Just 'Hosts'
Can giant walls protect the USA from tornadoes?
New index confirms it: This winter is miserable for Detroit
Dad Delivers Baby After Doctor, Nurse Flee
Dear Prudence: My boyfriend likes sex after I poop.
Maine high court throws out accused drug dealer's conviction because he didn't successfully create meth
Texas man turned away from voting booth over pro-gun Second Amendment T-shirt
Why Farmers Can Prevent Global Warming Just As Well As Vegetarians
Irish girl sought after fish-slapping incident in Lancashire
NBA weighing expanded court, 4-point shot
Couple Uncovers Coins Worth $10M While Walking Dog
Former Farmington Schools Employee Charged In Cow Sex Incident
Man shoots himself in the head and dies while demonstrating gun safety.
Muslims offended with Katy Perry's Egypt-themed music video
Citing Joke, Annapolis Police Chief Testifies That Pot Killed 37 People on the First Day of Legalization in Colorado
A Republican Lobbyist Is Trying To Get Gay Football Players Banned From The NFL
GOP Lobbyist Pushing for Ban on Openly Gay NFL Players
TX Senate Candidate Says People Should Have the Right to Shoot 'Wetbacks' on Sight
Teenage Girl Takes Selfies With A Bald Eagle, Wins "Most Patriotic American" Of The Year
Al Melvin Claims He's 'Never' Witnessed Discrimination In Arizona, Ever
Man contacts Trading Standards after prostitute refused to have sex with him
Woman attacked while wearing Google Glass says it was a 'hate crime'
Michigan man kills himself while demonstrating gun safety
Cop with phone-sex job didn't break rules
exes & Ohs seaso 2 episode 5 part 2
Reality-Show Snake-Handling Pastor Dies -- From Snake Bite
Photo fail: Netanyahu accidentally gives Merkel a 'Hitler mustache'
A Guy Who Looks Like Psy Is Scamming Rich European Kids for Free Drinks
Hipster Beard Transplants Are All the Rage These Days
Former Farmington School Employee Accused of Sexually Abusing Cows
Automated texts to your girlfriend? There's an app for that
Brooklyn Dudes Are Getting Beard Transplants Now
Aaron Hernandez attacks inmate in jail
George W. Bush's Paintings Are Finally Getting Their Own Exhibition
Police Chief Cites Satirical Story On Marijuana Deaths As Evidence For Weed Ban
Nine plunge to death in funeral bridge collapse
Hipster wannabes forking over thousands for facial hair transplants
Selfies: A new way to spread head lice?
Flying Mattress Attacks Cyclist
Man burns penis after having sex with Domino's pizza, complains on Twitter
This man found £2 in the street 40 yrs ago. Now he makes half of the UK'...
This man found £2 in the street 40 years ago. Now he makes half of all of the UK's organic muesli
The hazards of urban skiing
Awkward Photo Casts Shadow Over Iran Talks
Vanilla Ice became an Amish farmer when no one was paying attention
Student suspended, criminally charged for fishing knife left in father's car
Man Claims He Was Burned Having Relations With A Pizza, Domino's Responds Perfectly
Meth Conviction Thrown Out Because Cops Were Too Efficient
Hipster wannabes get facial hair transplants
Substitute teacher caught on camera drunk at Oklahoma elementary school
'Horny' and drunk Florida woman arrested for calling 911, begging cop for sex: report
Ugandan Minister for Ethics & Integrity says men raping girls is natural
Lady Gaga gets bitten by venomous primate, sparking outrage over loris trafficking
Man Says Domino's Pizza Burned Him When He Had Sex With It: Company Responds
2014 Colonoscopy Sweepstakes - CBS Cares
Mysterious Egyptian spiral seen on Google Maps
"The undercover officer tried to get Lambesis to use the word 'kill' or 'dead' during their conversation... but Lambesis resisted. So, as he was leaving, he goes 'Just to clarify, just so you know, I do want her dead.'" LOL
irginia women served vile insult on Burger King receipt, called 'b---h a-s h--s' by employee
Rebekah Brooks 'did not know hacking was illegal'
Bobby Jindal Gives Up, Joins the 'Stupid Party'
Virginia women served vile insult on Burger King receipt, called 'b---h a-s h--s' by employee
Man tries to show how safe his guns are, kills self.
Confused Japanese tourists trigger highway pursuit in Utah.
Man fatally shoots self during gun safety lesson.
Harvard writer: Free speech threatens liberalism and must be destroyed
"Video Games not Addictive", Says Video Game Addiction Clinic Founder
Domino's Replies to Man Who Claims He Burned His Dick Fucking a Pizza
Boy charged with raping his mother.
Concordia University safety coordinator fired after masturbating in coworkers office, semen later found in shoes.
Confused Japanese Tourists Trigger High-Speed Pursuit
Two men competing to place their penis in a museum
Bill Filed in Philippine Congress Requiring People to Fall in Line
Women are shorter than Men because of discrimination
Paramount Afraid Tweeted Stills Of 'Top Gun' Compete With Actual Movie
Reports: Texas Longhorns to Sell Beer at Sporting Events.
Japanese train bosses recruit ROBOCOP to stop PERVERTS in their tracks on public trains
Woman arrested for calling 911 to get 'sexy' officer to her house
The Cardinals Are Very Embarrassed By Carlos Martinez's Wall Of Porn
Citing Asian threat, South Dakotan lawmakers pass ban on selective sex abortions
Hero Eats Nothing But Pizza For 25 Years
Bill Filed Requiring People to Fall in Line
UK government gives funds to strip clubs to hire teen girls
Cancer doctors treat woman on wrong breast
Saudi man who broke mom's tooth to have his own tooth removed as punishment
Rebekah Brooks says she 'didn't know that phone hacking was illegal'
Activists arrested for clapping during council meeting
Man Has Sex With Pizza, Complains To Domino's About Burnt Penis
In Yolanda (Haiyan) bunkhouses, sex is hard to do
People Who Believe In Hell Tend To Be Less Happy, New Survey Shows
Worker slapped across face with fish
Grandparent picks up wrong student from school
Iranian teacher uses hi-tech robot to encourage prayers
Listen To The 600-Year-Old Song Found On A Sinner's Butt In Hieronymus Bosch's Painting
Man dies shooting himself in the head while demonstrating gun safety
AIDS cured! (says Egypt's military)
'Poop cruise' witness: I'm mentally injured
Hercule 'Parrot': Police crack woman's murder after pet bird names killer
Biden: 'I may be a white boy, but I can jump'
Pop singer asks fans to appear in new music video...only one person shows up
SEE IT: Surfing crocodile closes Australian beach
Parrot lifts the mystery surrounding owner's death, names the killer
UK police seek Irish girl after fishmonger 'slapped with bream'
Rhode Island Commandos Quietly Deploy All Over the World
Samsung Galaxy S5 already copied to create the Goophone S5
Chaos after jobs agency invites 61,000 to meeting
Katy Perry Accused Of 'Blasphemy' In New Video
Exxon's pro fracking CEO suing to stop fracking near his mansion
Sochi to bid for 2020 World Aquatics Championships
Christian Leader Invokes 'Seinfeld's' Soup Nazi to Defend Businesses That Refuse to Bake Wedding Cakes for Gay Couples
Woman arrested for using 911 to hit on officer
Man blows 0.00 on breathalyzer, gets arrested for DWI
Florida teacher forced elementary school student to unclog urinal with bare hands
Japanese tourists accidentally trigger Utah highway pursuit
Coral Springs teacher accused of making boy unclog urinal with bare hands
Police Chief Argues Weed Killed 37 People In Colorado, Cites Outlet That Just Made It Up
Italian Fund Plans 'Disneyland of Food'
Austin Denies Permit For Lady Gaga To Play In A Giant Doritos Vending Machine At SXSW
Annapolis police chief apologizes for citing hoax story in testimony against marijuana legalization - CapitalGazette.com: Under The Dome
Beard Transplants Trending Among Hipsters
CC for complete cure
Trader Joe's Sued For Alleged 'Peanut Butter Pretzel Monopoly'
Denis Nilsen's flat goes on sale for £100,000 profit, after a swift makeover.
Guy busted for making meth wearing Los Pollos Hermanos tshirt
Sausages made with baby poo are completely normal and super healthy, say scientists
Syrup spill sticks Oklahoma commuters in thick traffic jam
Chicago PD Believes It Can See The Future, Starts Warning Citizens About Crimes They Might Commit
Florida High School student and University of Louisville football hopeful, charged for sex crimes for getting 14 year old cousin pregnant.
Dallas police have six-hour standoff with empty apartment
Area Priests Bewildered by CSU Confessions
Man sentenced to 20 years in candlestick holder beating
Muslim Brotherhood Supporters, Opponents Accuse Each Other Of Being Jewish
Reid Fontaine, Michael Jones Accused Of Sexually Abusing Cows
A man caught trying to have sex with his bicycle has been sentenced to three years on probation
Study: Babies Can't Learn to Read
Trader Joe's Caught In Sticky Lawsuit Over Peanut Butter Pretzels : The Salt : NPR
Herkimer County men accused of sexually abusing cows
Man accidentally kills himself with gun during demonstration on gun safety.
Source Tells Complex Young Thug Arrested Today
Whale slaps Nova Scotia woman in the face
Guy arrested for running a meth lab while wearing a Los Pollos Hermanos shirt
Guy Claims He's Only Eaten Pizza For The Past 25 Years
Woman: Google Glass lead to anti-techie 'hate crime'
The Taco Bell Breakfast Is American Freedom And Pride In Its Best And Most Primal Expression
Pet parrot 'identifies' killer, helps cops crack its mistress' murder
Man Arrested For Meth Lab Wearing "Breaking Bad" Shirt
Florida Democrat: Without Immigration Reform, Who Will Do Our Landscaping?
Normcore: Fashion for Those Who Realize They're One in 7 Billion
Confused Japanese Tourists Trigger Highway Pursuit
Facebook chief depicted as hook-nosed octopus
Why Anna Kendrick Is Done With Musicals: 'Singing Is F-cking Hard'
Man wearing 'Breaking Bad' T-shirt arrested on 2nd meth charge
Barack Obama wins first prize at 'Islamophobia awards'
Arizona Pizzeria Refuses to Serve Legislators Over Anti-Gay Law
Beard envy? Hipster trend sparks interest in facial hair transplants
BBQ chips Bandit. (X/post from r/videos)
Calif. family sues Petco after 10-year-old boy dies from rat-bite fever
Two dogs drive truck into a river.
Woman injects feces into husband's IV
Key West man after arrest: 'I thought cocaine wasn't illegal in Florida'
Judge overturns Texas ban on gay marriage
Obama doesn't wear a coat
Selfies leading to more headlice in teens, say experts
Father Ted fan 'knocked down by milk float driven by man dressed as buffoon priest Fr Dougal'
New Jersey teacher may lose job after kindergarteners found 'having sex' in bathroom
Boy finds grenade while playing war behind Rock Hill home
Meth Cook Busted Wearing Los Pollos Hermanos Shirt From Breaking Bad
Reporter turns in article about procrastination on time
Selfies Have Led to a Head Lice Epidemic
Nursing home worker: Minnesota rape victim, 89, is a 'flirt'
Man suffers burns after making love to hot pizza
Baltimore man eats pizza every day for 25 years, asks, "Why should I eat a carrot when I can eat pizza?"
Obama Officials Seek to Hold NSA Phone Records Longer: Say Data Needed in Lawsuits Challenging Such Surveillance
Driving Under Influence of Cat Video Leaves States Wary
POO-Power comes to California: Orange County residents to trial SUVs fueled by human waste.
Dallas Police Have Six-Hour Standoff With an Empty Apartment
47 year old man hates One Direction so much that he threatens to bomb the concert if Hershey Park allows them to play. Gets arrested immediately.
Increase in ships using Bering Strait raises risk of collisions with whales
Woman attempts to shoplift 330 Pizza Rolls
Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu unintentionally pointed his finger to form a shadow looking like a 'Hitler moustache' on German chancellor Angela Merkel's face
Monkey snatches camera, makes unwatchable documentary before attempt to eat it
Vancouver Canucks' Coach John Tortorella forced to apologize for cheering for Sweden over Canada in Olympic final
Great Wall of the Midwest? Plan to Build a Wall to Stop Tornadoes Shot Down By Some Experts
Three cars wrecked, a nekked man covered in jello, and a sexually abused farm animal.
Apple's Steve Jobs Memorial Statue Has Been Unveiled And ... It's Hideous
Texas GOP lawmaker mistakenly tweets support for gay marriage
Satellite image shows North Korea completely in the dark
Woman Gives Birth In New York City Crosswalk
SWAT standoff ends with no one inside Oak Cliff apartment.
Young mum lay dead in snow-covered car while parking tickets piled up on windscreen
Bush/Palin 2016 called 'the GOP's only chance'
Toyko-Style Cat Cafe "Catfe" May Be Coming to L.A
University of Alabama Library Puts Up Sign to Remind People Not to Yell "Roll Tide"
BBQ chips irresistible to drunk thieves in Saanich
Ukraine's Female Ex-Prime Minister Is Too Sexy to Trust, Says Idiot
As I Lay Dying Singer Pleads Guilty to Hiring Hitman to Kill Wife
Texas Republican Accidentally Voices Support For Gay Marriage In Epic Typo
Texas Republican (Who Might Be Lt. Gov. Soon) Accidentally Praises Gay Marriage Ruling
2 men charged for allegedly filming cow porn in farmer's barn
Tim Draper insists 'Six Californias' ballot measure is for real
Duct Tape Science: Lockheed Martin Engineers Stick Colleagues to Wall
"Watch Me, Mom!" Says Adorable Kid Before Running Into Pole
Mom Makes Daughter's Prom Dress Out Of Starburst Wrappers
A dude who had sex with a Hot Pocket is now a Twitter folk hero
Catholic Pope Francis charged, trial set, for trafficking orphans
Buy a name for yourself -- on a Martian crater
Hipsters drive New York beard transplant boom
Sharieff Rhaheed-Muhammad Arrested: Louisville Football Recruit Allegedly Impregnated 14-Year-Old Cousin
Vets Seeing More Dogs Eating Edible Marijuana
Texas family claims they shot and killed a Chupacabra
I prayed to the Lord and God said 'Open up a pot shop'
SC officer shoots man reaching for cane
Chaos as company accidentally invites 61,000 people to job interview
Super Bowl Could Keep Arizona's Anti-Gay Bill From Becoming Law
SC officer shoots 70 year old man reaching for his cane
Two drunk college girls taken into custody after taking a bag of chips from an open garage
Burger King Receipt Calling Grandma a Bitch Ass Hoe Makes Her Cry
Taxing the rich is good for the economy, IMF says
Obama has released the homo demons on the black man. Look out black woman. A white homo may take your man
British soldiers banned from training for snowy conditions at Norwegian base because health and safety rules deem it too COLD
Egyptian army's AIDS-cure claim gets harsh criticism
HIV Cure: 'Complete Cure' Machine Invented To Treat Hepatitis C And HIV With 95% to 100% Guarantee
Farrow, After Three Days on the Air, Receives Cronkite Award
Woman inadvertently becomes 87th best Glasgow attraction after TripAdvisor mistake
Lady Gaga denied permit to play in giant Doritos vending machine at SXSW
North Korea Announces Kim Jong-un Takes Gold In Pairs Figure Skating and Two Man Bobsled!
METH MANGO: Makeshift Meth Lab Found Inside Bowen's Giant 3 Storey High Mango Following Theft
Tank hits passenger car, traffic police investigating
I'm not a man, Windsor woman tries to tell OHIP
GOP's New Plan Hikes Taxes On Americans In Blue States
Man says he's lived on pizza only for 25 years - and he's still going
Beard transplants latest fad for Brooklyn's hip young men
Harlem pastor makes bizarre homophobic claim about president on church sign: 'Obama has released the homo demons on the black man'
Toronto woman trapped in closed department store live-tweets 'terrifying' ordeal
Paula Deen Compares Her Struggles to 'That Black' Openly Gay NFL Prospect Michael Sam
Feds Refuse to Release Public Comments on NSA Reform - Citing Privacy
Local teacher records, taunts autistic student after getting stuck in chair
State police: Man charged with sex crimes against cows traveled to Herkimer farm 3 times
Whiskerless hipsters getting facial hair transplants
Paula Deen: I'm like 'that black football player who recently came out'
British Agents Have Seen Your Penis
Yahoo webcam images from millions of users intercepted by GCHQ
Paula Deen: I'm like 'that black football player'
Extreme Ironing, Apparently A Sport.
Crime in Canada is getting out of hand.
Paula Deen Compares Struggle To "That black football player who recently came out."
Language police order Quebec store owner to post to Facebook in French
Quebec store owner ordered to post to Facebook in French
Paula Deen: I Know How 'That Black Football Player' Michael Sam Feels
Egypt's army claims it found cure for AIDS, hepatitis C
Inmate attempts suicide, moved off death row
Bahamas: Billionaire claims he is getting younger
Google Maps Now Gives You Directions to Polar Bears
Three-person baby details announced
Paula Deen compares herself to "that black football player"
World's First Fully Non-racist Man
Parrot Helps Cops Solve Murder Mystery
Utah students suspected of smoking pot in igloo
South Carolina Cop Shoots 70-Year Old Reaching for his Cane During Traffic Stop
Dunkin' Donuts worker pours hot coffee on burglar, says 'go run on Dunkin'!'
TSA Agent Wasn't Sure She Could Accept D.C. License
Reykjavik's mayor won't form coalition with anyone who hasn't seen The Wire
Jeff Gordon Flees from Cops in Latest Pepsi Max Prank
European Parliament VP reportedly makes drunken scene at German airport, calls guards 'Nazis'
Smell of forest pine can limit climate change - researchers
Oklahoma Dogs Go For Joyride in Owner's Pickup Truck, Crash Into River
Black leaders converge with Neo Nazi's for a 'National Conversation on Race'
Texan family 'kill' a mythical chupacabra
Florida Court Rules Off-the-grid Living Is Illegal
Warehouse and Logistics Simulator Gets Zombie DLC
Burger King Receipt Calls Grandma a "Bitch Ass Ho," Makes Her Cry
Two dogs take a joyride and crash truck into river
Steve Jobs Memorial Statue
Substitute teacher, 72, arrested for furiously masturbating in high school hallway
FrontiersLA.com | Paula Deen Identifies with 'That Black Football Player'
Blind woman sues Pasco nudist resort over service dog
Park Tudor School apologizes for "Black History Month Lunch"
Convicted Terrorist Worked as Obamacare Navigator in Illinois
Lobbyist to release proposal banning gays from the NFL today
Riley Cooper favors ban of N-word
Philadelphia Eagle, Riley Cooper, favors ban of N-word
Mother Slaps Daughter, Cops Move In And Kill The Dad
Iowa Bill Would Allow Women to Sue Abortion Providers for "Abortion Regret"
Robot cops take over streets of Kinshasa to tackle traffic chaos
The Guy Who Wants to Sell Lab-Grown Salami Made of Kanye West Is "100% Serious"
Mummy murder mystery solved, Incan woman's head smashed
English husband posts lingerie photo of wife throughout town because he suspects she's cheating
Riley Cooper thinks penalizing racial slurs would be "a good rule"
Soldier avoids flag salute, instead poses for selfie
Man Complains To Council After Prostitute Turns Him Down
Stupid selfie! Soldier posts pic of herself avoiding flag salute, ignites online firestorm
Republican lawmaker very sorry he said men should be able to rape women if abortion is legal
Quincy Honey Dew Donuts won't sell doughnuts
Glenn Beck: Internet trolls are really paid by the government
Condemned Oklahoma inmates sue: What's in the drug that will kill us?
Russia gives all its gold medalists $120,000, a new Mercedes
Palestinian Students Set Up Anti-Israel Photo Exhibit at Hebrew University
Dover man receives life sentence for drug dealing
Selfie shocker: Photos causing spread of head lice, expert claims.
Tea Party Leader: Arizona Veto Enslaves Christians into Baking Giant Penis Cakes
Ryanair Will Fly to US for $14, CEO Says
Students suspected of smoking marijuana in igloo.
Crimes in Canada are getting out of hand.
Man wakes up in body bag at funeral home | Local News
Federal court backs California school that forced students to remove U.S. flag clothing for fear of ethnic violence
Man injured by stuffed longhorn head sues Austin bar
John Boehner Clarifies: 'It's 'Boner''
House GOP Votes To Take 'Consumer' Out Of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
McDonald's napkin lawsuit: Man suing McDonald's for only giving one napkin
What was he smoking? Maryland police chief apologizes for saying 37 people died of pot overdoses in single day
Google, Microsoft agree: Cloud is now safe enough to use
Top Republicans Call for Return to Cold War
Lab making salami out of Jennifer Lawrence?
Bitelabs.org Wants to Sell Lab-Grown Salami Made of Kanye West
Man sues McDonalds for $1.5 million because he got only one napkin.
The Head Covering Movement
Paula Deen Knows How "That Black Football Player" Who Just Came Out Feels
Naked Man Caught On Video Walking Down Busy OKC Street
Man trie to sneak bag of cocaine through courthouse checkpoint.
Egypt's military leaders unveil devices they claim can detect and cure Aids
Justice Scalia Rules: Deep Dish Pizza Isn't Pizza
Michigan looking to rename Brady Hoke's head coaching title based on donor
McDonalds - Man Sues for $1.5 MILLION ... They Only Gave Me One Napkin
Jamaica will decriminalize possession of small amounts of marijuana this year
Crystal ball owners fail to predict it would set their London house afire
Utah students caught smoking weed inside igloo
Russian tourist left with horrific injuries by Indian mob who attacked him after he unwittingly rang sacred bell and local doctors refused to treat him
Rochdale coma woman Sheila Holt told to 'find work'
Woman sues pub after alleged mishap at Ann Summers party
Woman Says She Was Attacked for Using Windows Phone at San Francisco Tech Bar
Former porn star treated like a prostitute, becomes shocked and offended.
Minister apologises after woman in coma was told to find work
London Aquarium warns fish owners to stop feeding their fish prawn cocktail flavoured Skips
Jennifer Lawrence salami? Lab campaigns to make sausage meat out of actress' body tissue
Michelle Obama to guest star in Parks and Recreation
Malam Baranda: Nigeria man asked goat's permission for sex
Schoolboy, 13, hanged himself after running up £420 bill on parents' credit card by downloading Xbox games
Elderly man brings wrong child home from school
Henry hanged himself after running up £420 bill on Xbox he knew family couldn't afford
Government sends letter to woman in coma telling her to get off her lazy ass and find a job.
Vermont calf born with Vermont-shaped spot on its head
Not safe to display American flag in American high school
Tea party insists it's alive and kicking
Man sues McDonald's for $1.5 million 'because they gave him only one napkin'
Arizona Governor Vetoes Anti-Gay Bill: 'Let's Focus on Discriminating Against Mexicans'
Judge orders guns returned to blind FL man who 'stood his ground' against drinking buddy
'Dead' Mississippi man kicks to escape body bag
Confused Japanese tourists trigger Utah highway pursuit
Man who beheaded bus passenger gets unescorted trips from hospital
"Tetris" is the Best Way to Curb Food, Sex, and Cigarette Cravings
Kids make asses of themselves at music festivals, parents slyly watch them
Man Escapes Fire, Dies After Going Back for Phone
Man declared dead wakes up in BODY BAG just before he was about to be embalmed
Rebuke for harsh LinkedIn rejection
'Dead man' kicks his way out of body bag at funeral home
Cannibal Eats Man's Leg To Avenge Family's Murder
Robber jailed for holding up bookmakers with cucumber in a sock.
Beard transplants killed the Hipster
Rob Ford dares Police Chief to arrest him before he poisons the Gotham reservoir
Street drenched in bird poo after invasion by 20,000 birds
Bill O'Reilly: White House Needs To Get 'Gangsta Rappers' To 'Knock It Off'
Man found alive, kicking in body bag at Mississippi funeral home
CNBC's Joe Kernen: Climate Change Is 'Almost Like Witchcraft'
Bill O'Reilly to Valerie Jarrett: Get Jay-Z's help
Disbelief After Egypt Announces Cures for AIDS and Hepatitis C
Jennifer McCarthy Pulls Gun From Vagina After Dispute Over Space Aliens
Swiss teacher accidentally shows X-rated amputee porn on overhead projector
Cannabis lamps used to grow grass at cricket grounds
Man wakes up in body bag at funeral home
'Arrest me,' Toronto Mayor Rob Ford dares police chief
China taunts Ambassador Gary Locke, calls him 'banana'
Group warns almost 500 products contain chemical found in yoga mats
Man wears 'Breaking Bad' shirt after meth arrest
Koala Escapes From Zoo, Naps And Then Gets Hungry
Why Reddit moderators are "censoring" Glenn Greenwald's latest bombshell
Man has witnessed all of Florida's executions in the past 25 years
Baby is found to have teeth growing INSIDE his BRAIN due to a rare tumour (x-post from /r/science)
Rob Ford dares Police Chief to arrest him before he poisons the Gotham reservoir - The Beaverton
"Real life Barbie doll" wants to exist off air and light alone. She says her transformation is in the final stages.
DC schools offering money to make students happier
Ousted Ukrainian Leader, Reappearing in Russia, Says, 'Nobody Deposed Me'
Bus driver fired over Facebook posting that spoke out for a hungry 6th grader that was denied food for being 40 cents short of affording a school lunch.
Parrot solves murder mystery in Uttar Pradesh, India
Rick Scarborough Is Upset He Can't Talk About Anal Sex In Church
O'Reilly: Obama should tell "gangsta rappers" to "knock it off"
Man Sues McDonald's for $1.5 Million Because He Received Only ONE Napkin
Man declared dead wakes up in body bag
Paula Deen says she is like 'that black football player' who came out of the closet
Kim Kardashian 'flees Vienna Ball after man in black face mimics Kanye West'
TSA Harasses Traveler After 'Seeing Bitcoin' In His Bag
Oops! Cleaning lady throws away expensive modern art she mistook for trash.
TSA flags traveler after 'seeing Bitcoin' in his luggage
Sicilian mob ordered hit on Rudy Giuliani: reports
Bus Driver Fired for Helping Hungry Student Fights Back with Lawsuit
Nigerian Student "Proves" Gay Marriage Is Wrong Using Magnets
Dealership Offers Free Shotgun With Each Pickup Truck Sale
Two Men Arrested for Sexually Abusing Cows Caught on Camera
Mass murderer Anders Breivik vows to go on hunger strike for PlayStation upgrade
TAKE COVER: A MICHAEL BAY-PRODUCED REMAKE OF HITCHCOCK'S THE BIRDS IS HAPPENING
New York's Hottest Trend: Beard Transplants for Wannabe Hipsters
Noah's Ark Project in Ky. to Move Forward
Baby's brain found to contain teeth - Someone call the brain dentist, amirite?
Roanoke Co. Schools dismiss early because of no bus drivers
Jamaica Could Decriminalize Marijuana This Year
Jamaica lawmakers debate pot decriminalization
Cook Jumps From Grill, Rescues 4-Year-Old Boy From Would-Be Kidnapper
Girl Scouts cheer as cookie bandit captured :: WRAL.com
Daughter of Robert Kennedy acquitted of DWI charges; claims to have accidentally taken Ambien before driving, says we need to re-evaluate our justice system
Texas cop commits murder-suicide days after posting gun review about protecting wife: investigators
One in three strippers 'are students paying for their education'
Did Sarah Palin Predict Russia Invading Ukraine If Obama Got Elected?
Arsenal's Laurent Koscielny donates €600k to save accordion factory | World news
Paula Deen Compares Struggle To Michael Sam's Coming Out As Gay
Conservatives Hail Sarah Palin as Having Predicted Russia Invading Ukraine
Mormon Elders rebuke `cartoonish image' that they get their own planets in the afterlife: the Church officially responds to claims made in South Park creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker's Broadway musical The Book of Mormon
Police: San Antonio man injures boy with jalapeno
Woman has bank account emptied by clever cell phone thief and bumbling husband. Can confirm: am PIN.
Man busted with coke in courthouse: 'Not my pants'
GOP Lawmaker Sorry for Asking Why Men Can't Rape if Abortion Is Legal
Sex worker wins sexual harassment case
TSA Reportedly Demands To Inspect Man's Luggage For Bitcoin
Pope Benedict resigned early to avoid clash with World Cup
'Dead' man wakes up in US funeral home
Understand with respect to secure diet plans in favor of your little one
Murderer caught after victim's pet parrot squawks 'he's the killer, he's the killer'
Japanese Netizens Praise Chinese Netizen's '2D Girlfriend'
AR Rep. Josh Miller: Disabled in drunken joyride with no insurance costing taxpayers millions; opposes Medicaid expansion because working adults don't deserve handouts.
Palin on Ukraine: I told you so
Jailed for killing Police Dog
Man gets ticket for running in Central Park too early
Embalmers find man alive and kicking in body bag
Russian gold medalists in the Sochi Games receive $120,000 and a brand-new Mercedes, while Swiss gold medalists each receive a pig
Condom Company Markets Condoms to Women by Playing Down the Whole Sex Thing
Russian gold medalists in the Sochi Games each receive $120,000 and a brand-new Mercedes, while Swiss gold medalists each receive a pig
State Of Jefferson: California Secession Movement Gets Green Light For Petition Circulation
Security conference's own app leaks user info
Lobbyist looking to ban gay players from the NFL has a gay brother
Professor at Boise State asks, "When may I shoot a student?"
Nonsense articles discovered in peer-reviewed science journals
Rep. Josh Miller, recipient of significant government assistance, opposes Medicaid expansion in Arkansas
Hundreds line up in cold for oversold grilled cheese festival
Man mistakes friend for animal, kills him
Teen's Facebook brag costs dad $80,000 lawsuit settlement
Too lazy to text your girlfriend? BroApp has your back Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/life-style/lazy-text-girlfriend-broapp-back-article-1.1706226#ixzz2uiYcRsBm
AFP: Putin's 'biker brothers' to roar across Ukraine
Too lazy to text your girlfriend? BroApp has your back
Man Wakes up in body bag after being declared dead.
Teachers Wish More People Would Listen to Them
According to researchers, Sriracha lovers are masochists
whale carcass explodes in taxidermists face
Billboard plans to tell New Jerseyeans it's a compliment when their state is called 'The Armpit of America'
Tim Cook to Climate Change Deniers: Get Out of Apple Stock
Kindergarten Teacher May Lose Job After Discovering Five-Year-Olds 'Having Sex'
Over 100 published science journal articles just gibberish
Man sues McDonald's for $1.5 million because he only received one napkin with his meal
LR MARATHON TO SPICE UP RACE WITH RANDOM CUPS OF VODKA
Is the CIA Better Than the Military at Drone Killings?
Justin Bieber -- I'm A Bad Ass Behind Bars
Charles Leo Warren wins appeal to Georgia Supreme Court about tattooed penis
Three arrested in Hood Mart drug bust
Man, who was pronounced dead, wakes up in body bag at funeral home
Marching poo fighters outflanked by cops
'Breatharian' Barbie Valeria Lukyanova Says She Wants To Live Off Light And Air Alone
Hard-Boiled Egg Stuck In Wife's Genitals
Vulgar fast food receipt makes grandmother cry
Human Barbie wants to live on light and air alone
27 dead in knife attack at China train station
Single woman spends 14 years with mannequin family to make a point
An autopsy ruled the death of the man with slit throat and missing ear as accidental.
Jailed White Supremacist Now Doing All He Can To Leave The Small Town He Tried To Take Over
No longer loyal to Scouts, boys join Trail Life
US Border Agents Intentionally Stepped in Front of Moving Vehicles to Justify Shooting at Them
Valeria Lukyanova Says She Wants To Live Off Light And Air Alone
Yakima Washington bans marijuana sales and production, seeks tax revenue from marijuana sales and production
Buffalo Sabres forced to use former video scout as their backup goalie
Justice Department investigating death of Texas man
Suspect says he didn't know cocaine was illegal
Teen Hit with $6,000 Bill After Using Facebook During NYC Vacation
Korean Man Eats Neighbor's Pet Dog, Gets Slap on the Wrist
Egyptian army's AIDS cure claim met with ridicule
A spate of occult-based killings in the United States has an exorcist decrying the rise of the demons
Ryanair to fly passengers to US for under £10
Joe Biden Accidentally Tries to Sell Obamacare to Canadian Tourist
New York Magazine explores edgy new fashion trend of dressing like a normal person | Death and Taxes
Sarah Palin Would Win Presidential Election 'Hands Down' if No Media Bias, According to Husband
Rihanna skipped queue for toilets
The city of Vancouver bans doorknobs
John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe 'three-way sex tape' set to hit auction block
Crack Pipe Vending Machines - What's Next?
Are Militant Atheists Using Chemtrails to Poison the Angels in Heaven?
Sarah Palin on Russian action in Ukraine: Told you so
Carlos Ruiz Allegedly Stole Sound System, Then Came Back For Remote
Kentucky Baptists use gun giveaways to lure unchurched to Christ
German comic shatters Chris Rock record
Moon mistaken for UFO
Moon mistaken for UFO by confused 999 caller
Man mistakes the moon for a UFO
Restaurant chain charging Obamacare fee that doesn't exist yet
Police arrest woman suspected of stabbing teddy bear during fight with boyfriend
Diogo Morgado Inspires Hot Jesus Hashtag; Actor Playing 'Son Of God', May Be Too Sexy
Google to banish death with new company
McDonald's customer files 1.5 million dollar lawsuit over napkin dispute
how to attract a girl course
Russian news site RT.com hacked to replace 'Russian' with 'Nazi'
McDonald's sued for $1.5m by customer given just one NAPKIN
Barack Obama - "We are building Iron Man"
Verizon CEO: Net Neutrality Is About Heavy Users Paying More
Mother, 53, Arrested For Battering Daughter, 25, With Used Diaper
Putin: "Some of my closest friends are Ukrainian"
Doughnut shop in Massachusetts won't sell doughnuts
Robocop to stop perverts on trains in Japan
Professor accidentally beams X-rated porn film on class projector
Ugandan President's Daughter Reveals She is Gay (Uganda has been in the news for passing draconian anti-gay laws)
Man Stole Sound System, Then Came Back For Remote
Turkey's prime minister says all schools run by arch-rival must close
US company to beam free wi-fi to entire world from space
Valeria Lukyanova, the 'Human Barbie', says she wants to 'subsist on air and light alone'
Feminist group wants Google to correct the imbalance in their doodles
Court: Alleged sexting between teacher, minor is free speech
"You just don't in the 21st century behave in 19th century fashion by invading another country on completely trumped up pre-text" - John Kerry, Face The Nation
Ben Heck makes a portable OUYA - Part 3 - OuyaBrew.com
Twitter Could Be Used To Predict HIV Outbreaks
US to Israel: 'Stop Killing Iranian Scientists'
Serial killer Joanna Dennehy: 'I murdered three men but it could be worse, I could be fat'
Joanna Dennehy jokes with police on arrest: 'It could be worse - I could be fat and ugly'
Airport Security Harasses Traveller: 'We Saw Bitcoin In Your Bag'
NYC pastor: 'Pervert' Obama is 'releasing white homo demons to scoop up all Black American men'
James David Manning: Obama released "homo demons" on black men
Somaliland leaders want female genitals to be cut
Man Who Tried To Have Sex With A Corpse Busted After Falling Asleep In Coffin
Men arrested for robbing a pregnant woman in labor.
Human 'Barbie' Valeria Lukyanova believes she can live on air, light
'Human Barbie' Valeria Lukyanova wants to live 'on air and light alone'
Man mistakes the moon for a UFO, dials 999
Man Sues McDonald's Over A Napkin
Much-needed California rain causes flooding, mudslides
Can this be real? Woman who works at funeral home had sex with dead man and got pregnant
Meme hottie sues site over mug shot
Kerry on Russia: "You just don't" invade another country "on a completely trumped up pretext"
Real life Barbie says she doesn't need food or water
600 Year Old Butt Song From Hell
Teen's Facebook post costs father $80k
Marilyn Monroe 3 way sex tape with John F. Kennedy and Robert F. Kennedy, going to be auctioned this Tuesday.
People In Crimea Are Taking Pictures And Selfies With Soldiers
NY man revived after heart attack during heart run
Faroese fight over use of C, Q, W, X and Z in language
Italy: Campaign to sell Sardinia to Switzerland
Seriously, what? Kerry tells Russia 'you don't invade a country on completely phony pretexts'
Over 120 Science Journal Papers Pulled For Being Total Gibberish
Stamford Police: Substitute Teacher Charged With Masturbating At Westhill
Soldier blows off salute to take selfie
Meryl Streep Gets Thanked More Than God
Man found dead in car after shooting in 12800 block of Gotham
Snake eats croc after epic fight in Qld
California farmers hire dowsers to find water
Man sues McDonald's for $1.5 million after being given only one napkin
Supreme Court hears debate on executing mentally disabled
Gov. Jerry Brown on legalized marijuana: 'How many people can get stoned and still have a great state?'
Essex crash: Baby survives fatal collision
Teen Explains Why He Had Sex With A Hot Pocket
Ukraine live: Putin says 'threat of ultranationalists' forced him to intervene
Oscar Voters: 94% White, 76% Men, and an Average of 63 Years Old
Inventor who shocked tech world stumped by 43-year patent delay
The Chef Who Had Sex With A Hot Pocket Is The Hero The Internet Deserves
Zimbabwe adopts Chinese yuan as legal currency
UAE Islamic affairs authority warns Muslims against a mission to Mars
Hair Stylist Keeps Armed Robber as Sex Slave
Cameron Diaz Encourages Women to Keep Their Pubic Hair in Her New Book
Canadian aboriginal woman writing thesis paper on missing and murdered aboriginal women goes missing, and is found murdered.
Former Prison May Become Summer Camp
"I would definitely recommend it": an exclusive interview with the kid who got suspended from Vine for having sex with a Hot Pocket
Steven seagal sued for driving a tank through a home.
TSA agents demand bag search to look for "Bitcoins"
Phillip Seymour Hoffman's death inspires 8 foot heroin shooting Oscar statue.
Koala escapes at zoo, falls asleep before he can do anything interesting
Teacher caught "furiously masterbating" in school hallway
This company wants to make in-vitro meat from celebrities' stem cells
Northern Ireland Man Tries To Turn Feces Into Gold, Ends Up In Jail
72-year-old Connecticut teacher accused of 'furiously masturbating' in school hallway
Pastor orders female congregants to come to church without underwear for Christ to enter
'Toilet-papered' Alabama home burns down after family try to clear away mess with fire
Oscars 2014: Brad Pitt 'cleaned dog poop in my bedroom' on morning of first Academy Award win
Perth teen in critical condition after violent brawl involving 'feral' children as young as seven
Snake eats crocodile after epic fight in Queensland
Miliband to blame for Ukraine crisis, say Tories
Obama: We're building Iron Man
Fox's Kurtz Swipes at Colbert: 'Even Fake Anchors Should Have Standards'
Australia: Snake eats crocodile after battle
50 cent dubbed over a Jehovahs Witnesses trying to get deaf people to stop masturbating
India: Stray dog chases leopard away from a housing society [With Pictures]
Snake strangles, eats crocodile near Mt Isa
Real-life Wolf of Wall Street says his life of debauchery 'even worse' than in film
Koala escapes from the zoo, falls asleep before he can do anything interesting.
Lighthouse Family offer to mediate Ukraine crisis
Bigfoot Living Among the Ruins of Detroit!
Gary Rough Jailed For Attempting to Rob Glasgow Ladbrokes With A Cucumber
Man sentenced to 3 years for holding up bookies with cucumber hidden in sock
Laser beam makes flies flirt
Recipe for an arrest: Suspect uses newspaper clipping as an inspection sticker; gets busted
Canadian Aboriginal woman writing a thesis paper on missing and murdered aboriginal women, goes missing and is found murdered.
Convicted Man Forced to Serve Sentence After Clerical Error Allowed Him to Walk Free for 13 Years - Now this model citizen and father is paying for the court's mistake.
Keurig Will Use DRM In New Coffee Maker To Lock Out Refill Market
Ukrainian warships voluntarily leave Sevastopol: sources
Pope Francis accidentally drops F-Bomb in Vatican Sunday blessing
'Communicator of the Year' Kelly Blazek's Bilious LinkedIn Response Goes Viral
New York City deemed most expensive US city for women's haircuts
In "Outreach to Rednecks," Baptists use gun giveaways to lure unchurched to Christ
Pope says f*** in Sunday blessing gaffe
Man Suffers Heart Attack During Heart Run
Can Russia save Ukraine?
Man defends house with Legend of Zelda sword and throwing flower pots
Poor taking items back to food banks as they can't afford to cook, Oxfam claims
Arby's Pays $44,100 For Pharrell's Hat
Fake chef makes his way on to Midwest morning shows and gets hosts to eat gross food
Man dies from heroin overdose, friends post pictures to Facebook
Los Angeles gangbangers surface in Syria to join Assad forces in fighting
Chinese boy, 9, stabs himself in stomach with needles after getting 99% in test
Massachusetts man tries to pass off short ribs recipe as inspection sticker in Salisbury
Teen's Facebook post costs her dad $80,000
Arkansas candidate legally changes name to 'Colonel'
Pope Francis lets f-bomb fly during speech
Guardian Issues Correction Stating That Bradley Manning Did Not Take Oscar Selfie
American President Barack Obama assassinated by cake bomb explosion, killing 6 and injuring 3.
Man sues McDonald's because he only got one napkin
High school senior suing parents for college tuition
Pope accidentally says 'f***' in papal address
Arby's Wins eBay Battle for Pharrell's Grammy Hat
Real-Life 'Legend Of Zelda' Sword Stabs Real-Life Man In Real-Life Duel
Kentucky Baptists give away guns to lure men to church
Convicted Man Forced to Serve Sentence After Clerical Error Allowed Him to Walk Free for 13 Years
U.S. pushing Israel to stop assassinating Iranian nuclear scientists
Fake Chef Pranks TV Morning Show Anchors with Totally Awful Recipes
Man hospitalized with a missing penis - another one arrested for selling it to a woman
Kindergartner provides step by step guide to dunking
Party spokeswoman threatens to kill cat, show breasts
Pope Francis Lets F-Bomb Slip During Vatican Address
Misunderstanding Leads to Large KKK Presence at Color Run
High court to look at inmate's right to grow beard
Rich, White, Healthy People Are Most Likely to Hate Obamacare
Man Sues McDonald's for $1.5 Million Because He Didn't Get Enough Napkins
Texas man jailed after jalapeno stuck in boy's eye.
That Guy Who Banged A Hot Pocket
Banning the "N-word" is racist, according to Richard Sherman
Ky. Baptists lure new worshippers with gun giveaway
Marijuanalollypops and condoms given to children at Belgian carnaval. (article in Dutch but title explains everything)
Richard Sherman Claims Banning the N-Word is Racist
Man alleges JFK-RFK-Marilyn Monroe sex tape
Sprint Accused of Overcharging Feds Millions for Wiretapping Expenses
Legend of Zelda Cosplayer Pulls Out Master Sword in Fight, Stabs Assailant Multiple Times Before Smashing Flower Pot Over His Head
Cable companies fined $2 million for using Emergency Alert System tone in movie trailer
Zack Snyder Says He Made 'Watchmen' "To Save It From The Terry Gilliams Of The World"
I Love You, (Rod)Man: Fox options Kim Jong-un bromance movie
Supreme Court Weighs Arkansas Inmate's Right to Grow a Beard
Saudi Arabia puts restrictions on the sale of energy drinks
Holy Father uses unholy word by accident
Man Stabbed with 'Master Sword' in Domestic Dispute
Selfies are causing a HEAD LICE infestations among teens, claim experts
Rothschild Heiress smokes and is dating rapper.
Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary says 3.5 billion people in comparative poverty is 'fantastic news'
Teen Sues Parents for Cash, College Tuition.
Men's Wearhouse and Jos. A. Bank finally enter merger talks
Pope drops F-bomb during Vatican blessing | New York Post
Christian alternative to ObamaCare growing fast as deadline nears
We Went to One of Corey Feldman's Parties (Again) | VICE United States
Corned beef thief spoils Lion's Club party
Engineer outlines dangers of throwing items at lingerie parties
'American Idol' votes accidentally routed to Washington pizza place
Team Obama wins fight to have Christian home-school family deported
Giant virus revived from deep freeze in Siberian tundra
Morris Catholic High School student sues parents over college tuition
Driver Blames GPS in Wrong-Way Interstate Trip
Don't Mess With The President: Putin Critic Finds 200-Pound Giant Wooden Dick On The Hood Of His Car
'Real-life Barbie' claims to be time-traveling alien
Chinese schoolgirls commit suicide in attempt to travel back in time Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/chinese-schoolgirls-commit-suicide-attempt-travel-back-time-report-article-1.1038427#ixzz2uwxuDgYv
Adorable lamb born with 7 legs
Spoiled Teen Suing Parents For College Tuition
Two men hospitalized after 'Legend of Zelda' sword stabbing
David Cameron's aide on child internet policy has been arrested for child pornography
Top UK aide David Rock, closely involved with drawing up policy on internet porn, arrested on child pornography charges.
Faeces flingers to march in CT
Of course Batman is better than Superman
High scool bank project closed for misusing funds
Groupie Accidentally Sleeps With Bass Player
High Schooler calls in Bomb Threat because "he didn't do his homework."
David Cameron's aide on child pornography has been arrested...for child pornography (x-post from /r/worldnews)
Two men hospitalized after 'Legend of Zelda' sword stabbing | News
German dentist wears skimpy dresses to calm patients
Fertile man accused of sex with teen girl
Dentist uses sexy dresses to distract patients
Romania debates giving human rights to dolphins.
Cameron aide arrested over allegations relating to child abuse images
Georgia's Republican Gov. Wants To Save Money By Not Allowing Poor People To Receive Emergency Care
North Korea puts Yorkshire Terriers in zoo
Escapee calls 911 to complain about tight handcuffs
Sprint sued by Feds for fraudulent cellphone tapping overcharge
Transsexual performer vomits on Susan Sarandon
Arby's buys Pharrell's hat on eBay for $44,000
Ukraine team claims emotional gold over Russia in biathlon relay
Sprint sued by Feds for cellphone tapping overcharge
Roadside Service: Drive-In Church Brings God To Your Car
Vegetarianism entails large-scale institutionalized violence, rape, against billions of animals.
Drought Q&A: Why can't we transport snow from the East Coast to California?
New 'Erase Law' Might Let You Delete Embarrassing Posts From the Internet for Good
Insomniacs may have more 'excitable' brains compared to good sleepers.
Teen explains why he had sex with a hot pocket [VIDEO]
Idaho's 'Ag-Gag' Bill: Shameful Attempt to Hide Animal Cruelty on Factory Farms
Mysterious 'flying saucer' slides found in documents leaked by Edward Snowden
Two L.A. gang members are apparently fighting for Syria's Assad
Former 'Mob Wives' star says 'Grand Theft Auto V' ripped off her life story for character in game lawsuit
David Cameron's aide on child internet policy has been arrested for child pornography (xpost from r/worldnews)
Man stabbed with Legend of Zelda Master Sword in serious condition
Obama's denim dress for Putin phone call 'not up to the task:' one former Bush staffer says
Suspect in "Swiss Cheese Pervert" Case Faces More Charges
Zelda fan stabs love rival with Master Sword before having flowerpot smashed over his head
Man lost on own property after drinking beers, following dingo
A New Jersey Cheerleader Is Suing Her Parents To Pay For Her College Tuition
Two Neasden burglars, 17, banned from entering stranger's properties in London
Great Pyramid at Giza Vandalized to 'Prove' Conspiracy Theory
Chinese Leonardo DiCaprio Fans Mourn Lack of 'Little Golden Man' for Star
Home births still rising, driven by white moms
Kentucky Churches Giving Away Guns To Help People Discover Jesus
Ohio student points finger linke gun, is suspended
Human Barbie advocates Breatharianism - living on light and air alone
Israel's Commercial Jets Will Soon Be Firing Lasers
Oklahoma House passes 'Merry Christmas Bill'
Boy points finger like gun, gets suspended
Alabama lawmaker wants to create sales tax holiday for guns, ammo
Pope Francis drops 'F-bomb' during Vatican blessing
Maryland man sets fire to home using torch to melt ice off front porch
Fargo man pleads not guilty in fight with sister over toilet seat
"Bank" that claimed to solve Bitcoin's security problem robbed, shuts down
Top UK official involved in national porn filter arrested for child porn
China: Great Wall gets graffiti zone
Japanese Prime Minister Thinks Country Can Learn from...Nintendo
Sarah Palin predicted in 2008 that Putin would invade Ukraine if Obama was elected
Woman in labor robbed while going to hospital
US says Sprint fraudulently charged hidden fees for government wiretaps
Sarah Palin predicted in 2008 that Russia would invade Ukraine if Obama was elected
James Franco To Host Francofest, An All Franco Film Fest
Man named dogs after neighbours and used profanities when talking to them, court told
YOLO letters stolen from Loyola University sign; School says it's a 'victim of Mardi Gras'
AirPnP rent-out-your-toilet app launched for Mardi Gras
Driver Arrested Because A Short Rib Recipe Is Not A Vehicle Inspection Sticker
Canadian man tries to rob a store with a hockey stick
An 18-year-old NJ high school student is suing her parents to force them to pay for her college tuition
Obama budget raises spending, taxes
Facebook sex changes: which one of 50 genders are you?
Russia Today Host Abby Martin Goes Spectacularly Off-Message In Ukraine Broadcast
Russian Today Anchor Abby Martin Speaks Out Against Invasion of Crimea
Male, female or 'custom'? Facebook announces 50 ways to define gender
Entitled princess suing parents
Philadelphia's Infamous Swiss Cheese Masturbator Arrested Again
The Dating Ring Is Raising Money To Fly Women From NYC To SF, Because Dating
Congressman Steve Stockman Threatens To Arrest Anyone Who Publishes His Mugshot, So Here's His Mugshot
Radio shack closes 1,100 stores to pay for lavish, star-studded super bowl commercial.
Study: You Can't Change an Anti-Vaxxer's Mind
A Non Christian's Guide To Sexy White Jesus
1 in 10 Americans think HTML is an STD, study finds.
A store in Florida throws cocktail party to celebrate the smell of a $595 candle.
Snake eats crocodile after epic battle in Australia
Wal-Mart customer cusses out self-checkout machine, loses tooth in fight
Did Sarah Palin predict the Ukraine crisis back in 2008?
Man Stabbed with Master Sword of Zelda in Serious Condition
David Cameron's porn-filter advisor arrested for possession of images of sexual abuse of children
Lindsey Graham Blames Benghazi For Ukraine Crisis
Woman Spends Month Living Inside Car With 24 Cats and 3 Dogs
Man exposes himself to women after propositioning them with Swiss cheese
Ohio Student Suspended for Brandishing 'Level 2 Lookalike Firearm': His Finger
Kenyan Church Pastor Bans Female Parishioners From Wearing Underwear
Chinese millionaires plead for Canada to let them immigrate
Putin Says Those Aren't Russian Forces In Crimea
Oscar winner Jared Leto grabs a bag of Baked Lays Barbecue crisps at Subway
Cat Reportedly Attacks Man Because It Didn't Like His Hugo Boss Aftershave
Europe Tells U.S. To Lay Off Brie And Get Its Own Cheese Names
City to strike ban on being willfully annoying
TIME WARNER CABLE TO GIVE $5 TARGET GIFT CARD TO SUBSCRIBERS BLACKED OUT OF THE SUPER BOWL
Canadian teen charged for swearing
North Korea election poll only has one person to vote for
Ohio student points finger like gun, is suspended
World's Worst Burglar Tries To Pull Way Through Door Marked 'PUSH'
GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham: Russia invaded Ukraine because of Benghazi
Church offers guns as door prizes to bring in "unchurched" men.
Mayor of California town responds to citizen's questions with lullaby
11% of Americans think HTML is an STD.
Boy attributes record-setting 114 lb catfish catch to luck and "eating Vienna sausages".
1 in 10 Americans think HTML is an STD.
Chinese student, 10, allegedly jumps 30 floors to death - because teacher told him to
NJ high school honor student sues parents; Wants judge to order them to pay for college
Woman Arrested for Not Watering Lawn
Kate Upton does swimsuit photoshoot in zero gravity
Jon Singleton of Houston Astros discusses marijuana addiction
Parrot Helps Solve Murder in Indian City of Agra
10-year-old suspended over finger gun
Weirdest laws around the world that could get you in trouble
British Prime Minister's Child Porn Adviser Arrested Over Child Porn
Captain Phillips' Barkhad Abdi is broke
Study: High Social Class Predicts Unethical Behavior
Man Sues McDonald's for $1.5 Million After Not Receiving Enough Napkins
BBC News - Ukraine crisis: Sevastopol ships 'defended' with mattresses
Missing Cal State L.A. student is found safe, wanted 'some alone time'
Teacher suspended after 'taping pupils' mouths up'
North Korea Claims to Have Landed First Man on the Sun
Ukraine crisis: Sevastopol ships 'defended' with mattresses
Man tries to pass short ribs recipe off as car inspection sticker
Woman's Stomach Pains Turn Out to be Baby
Man stabbed with Link Master Sword from Zelda game in serious condition
Teen Sues Parents, Claiming They Owe Her Money For College
MTV's '16 and Pregnant' may have halted teen pregnancy rate
Michigan Town Starts A "Doggie Doo Database"
Man covered in jelly "had sex with cow while friend recorded it"
Robbing a bank? Why not take a cab?
Graham links Ukraine to Benghazi
Edinburgh bank robber 'makes escape in waiting taxi'
Man uses LOZ Master Sword replica to stab his gf's ex-husband!
British robber raids bank, flees in cab he'd paid to wait on meter outside
Chipotle Warns It Might Stop Serving Guacamole If Climate Change Gets Worse
Gambler sues new casino, says he was too drunk to play
Virginia Catholic captures spirituality of Pope Francis in manga comic
Alabama state representative says white Republican lawmakers would abort mixed-race grandchildren (audio)
Man dressed like Barbie assaults woman in San Diego bathroom
NSA head floats idea: What if we only gathered terrorist communications?
Man in Barbie costume attacks woman in bathroom | FOX5 San Diego
Park 'lounging' law rankles local family (ORDINANCE)
Meat and Cheese Linked to Earlier Death
AWOL NFL Prospect Believes He's Fulfilling Internet Messiah's Prophecy
Saskatoon man upset after kid poops in city pool
After costly investigation by District Attorney, Butte County clerk fined $17 for misusing employee's time.
Americans Think HTML Is An STD
Australian PM says they have 'too much' national park then calls the logging industry 'the ultimate conservationists'
Convicted Felon, Doctor Injects Oklahomans With 'Jesus Shot'
One in three new iOS games are Flappy Bird clones
Pork thief nearly chokes to death at butcher shop
New Jersey teen sues parents who won't pay college tuition
Gay vicar from Kilburn to defy church leaders by marrying atheist partner
ASI presidential candidates violate election code because article reported on previous violations | Mustang News
No more national parks as (Australian Prime Minister) Tony Abbott pledges to support loggers as the 'ultimate conservationists'
Dead soldier gets 1-cent cheque from federal government
Keurig's next generation of coffee machines will have DRM lockdown | Ars Technica
Students told not to drink tequila, eat tacos on Cinco de Mayo
10-year-old suspended for making fingers into shape of gun
North Korea Sent a Threat to Attack South Korea Via Fax - Korea Real Time
Competitive spelling career over for Palatine 8th-grader
10 Struggles Of Being Not Fat, But Not Skinny Either
UK Advisor Involved In Britain's Internet Filter Arrested For Child Porn
Author of 'How We Die' dies.
Hangovers 'don't deter drinkers'
No more national parks as Tony Abbott pledges to support loggers as the 'ultimate conservationists'
4chan is running a flappy bird gambling ring
Morris Catholic High School student Rachel Canning sues parents for tuition
Christian Kids Are Ditching Boy Scouts For a Less-Tolerant Alternative
Man's apartment cleared out by mistake on the Upper East Side
Russia Decides Now Is the Best Time to Test-Fire an Intercontinental Ballistic Missile
Microsoft creates website to tell people whether or not they are running Windows XP
Harry Reid: 'Republicans are addicted to Koch'
Russia-Ukraine Tension Won't Affect US Astronauts on Space Station, NASA Chief Says
Putin Says There Aren't Russian Forces in Crimea
Does Autism Lead to Atheism?
Indian police fail to act on eight years of complaints after forgetting computer password
Northern Territory man 'Jason' calls cops after getting lost in his own backyard
Dove kills ad calling New Jersey 'the Armpit of America'
India: Police password lost for eight years as complaints mount
Putin among Nobel Peace nominees but Ukraine might figure too
Creative writing professor Hanif Kureishi says such courses are 'a waste of time'
OK to 'willfully annoy' in Grand Rapids: Old rule struck from city's books
John Travolta issues statement about Idina Menzel flub: 'Let it go!'
Girl Scouts troop in Rancho Cucamonga duped by counterfeit money
U.K. PM's Adviser on Child Porn is Himself Arrested on Child Pornography Charges
Russia's President Vladimir Putin nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
England Ladies Footballer and anti-racism campaigner Toni Duggan has apologised for painting her face black and dressing up as film star Whoopi Goldberg for a fancy dress party
Taxpayer-funded Planned Parenthood promotes sado-masochism, bondage to teens in video
Americans Think Republicans Are Out Of Touch, But Plan To Vote For Them Anyway
FLorida man flying KKK flag assures community: 'We don't beat up on f*ggots or blacks'
Some Americans think HTML is a STD
US Sues Sprint Over Company's Wiretap Expenses
Man Sues McDonald's Over Napkins
Alabama legislator says anti-abortion Republican would force abortion if daughter 'got pregnant by a black man'
Oops! German headmistress blurts out 'Sieg Heil!' during relay race at school
I want a world where disabled people are valid sexual partners
Pope becomes star of Berlusconi's new celebrity fanzine
'Serial masturbator' dubbed the 'Swiss cheese pervert' faces new charges
Feder: Gays In The Military, 'Armed With Vibrators,' Greater Threat Than Putin
Scientific proof that trolls are ruining the Internet
CIA Accused Of Spying On Senate Intelligence Committee Staffers investigating it
New Jersey teen suing parents to pay for college won't get immediate support
Rogue landlords beware: Harrow Council gets tough on beds in sheds with thermal imaging plane
Stephen Hawking poses with revellers dressed as Bananaman
N. J. teen sues parents but loses first round in court
Former fire chief diagnosed as pyromaniac; awaits sentencing
Meeting London's Normcore Elite
Underwater music concert makes waves
Neighbors accuse church of too much joyful noise
Stephen Hawking goes bananas as he parties with a stag do dressed up as bananamen.
Check your privilege with an antimatter beam
HBO hired hip-hop artists to rap about Game of Thrones, to attract new audiences
Hangovers Don't Delay the Next Drink, Study Finds
Hangovers don't delay next drinking session, study finds
US army doctor returns arm to Vietnamese soldier fifty years after he took it as a souvenir
'The Daily Show' Tackles Our Biggest Threat: Racist Dogs
British Army commander bans sandwiches
Chipotle: Guacamole at risk from global warming
Teen sues parent for college money
Pope offended by his own myth and mystique
Consumer watchdog sounds alarm over local wedding DJ
BlackBerry's CEO says they have a 50% chance of succeeding
Great Wall of China to get graffiti zone.
Arby's buys Pharrell's hat for $44,100 in EBay auction
Florida Man flying KKK flag assures community: 'We don't beat up on faggots or blacks'
World's oldest person 'kind of' happy to turn 116
50 Cent Says P. Diddy Involved In Gay Love Triangle
Clothing Company Tells Customers, 'Stop Buying So Much From Us.'
Man gets lost in his own garden
Man Rescued During September Floods Looks To Sue Rescuers
Gays bring courtroom alive with antics
Toe biter sentenced to five years.
Shooting photos up women's skirts legal in Mass., high court rules
Naked Dude Covered In Jello Had Sex With Cows While His Friend Filmed Everything
'Swiss Cheese Pervert' strikes again, faces more charges for cheese, sex harassment
Man Stabbed With Replica 'Zelda' Master Sword In Serious Condition - And He Used A Clay Pot To Defend Himself
NJ Teen Suing Her Parents Gets First in Long Line of Life Disappointments
IBM's Supercomputer Watson Is Now a Chef With His Own Food Truck
Chipotle says it could remove guacamole from its menu due to climate change
Passenger tells female airline captain: Bible says cockpit is 'no place for a woman'
The cockpit is 'no place for a woman,' napkin note left on WestJet plane tells female captain
Texas Port Bans Food Truck Because of its Cocky Name
"Upskirt" photos are legal, SJC rules
Judge rules parents don't have to pay university fees of daughter who tried to sue them
Putin Reportedly Joins List Of Nobel Peace Prize Nominees
Arby's buys Pharrell's hat for 44K
Security Staff getting its old name back
Unlikely Mix: Rappers, Dragons and Fantasy: HBO Hires Hip-Hop, Latin-Music Artists to Promote 'Game of Thrones'
For 'cheering' Pakistan in an Indo-Pak cricket match, university in Meerut suspends 67 Kashmiri students
Congressman Calls To Ban U.S. Dollar In Response To Plea For Bitcoin Ban
Two LA gang members turn up in Syria, fighting Assad.
Justin Bieber Naked Jail Video to be Released Censored, Judge Rules
Mardi Gras Revelers Steal Y-O-L-O from Loyola Sign
In Seoul, Kim Jong Un Preferred to Shinzo Abe
High Court rules that upskirt photos are legal in Massachusetts
Massachusetts High Court: Subway Upskirt Photos Not Illegal
Grace Baptist Church in Lansingburgh giving away modified AR-15
Fish strike interrupts jet's takeoff at MacDill
Two men in video say they're from L.A. and 'gangbanging' in Syria
Surge in babies born without brains in Washington State
Woman's stomach pains turns out to be baby.
An Oklahoma Doctor Is Injecting People With a $300 'Jesus Shot'.
Girl Scouts Wisely Selling Cookies In Front Of SF Marijuana Dispensaries
Judge rejects financial support requests by New Jersey teen suing parents
Third Graders Caught Smoking Pot in School Bathroom
Cops: Woman Beat Her Mom With Vibrator
Meat And Cheese 'As Bad For You As Smoking'
Army general bans sandwiches
Tim Duncan records robocall for Bexar County District Attorney Democratic primary candidate
Facebook costs Dad $80,000
Being annoying now legal in Grand Rapids, MI
Police interviewed mom hours before she drove van with 3 kids into ocean | Volusia County News
Ohio Boy Suspended for Pointing Finger Like Gun
Grand Rapids, MI to lift its ban on "being annoying"
Texting Man Runs Into Bear
Massachusetts Court Rules It's Legal To Take Upskirt Photos On Public Transit
Fisherman catches Bald Eagle with fishing lure
Daycare Suspends 2 Year Old Girl Over Cheese Sandwich
Too ironic: Dad on way to daughter's DARE graduation arrested for heroin, burglaries
Teen disappointed murdered mans phone wasn't nicer
'Upskirt' Photos Not Illegal, Mass. High Court Rules
Quincy is getting a Honey Dew Donuts ... that won't sell any doughnuts
New Fargo pharmacy owner accused of stealing prescription pills from former boss, apologizing with basket of muffins
Coming Soon: A Barbie with Normal Proportions
Upskirts Are Totally Legal, Says Bad and Gross MA Court Ruling
High court rules `upskirt' photos legal in Massachusetts
'Doctor' tells patients he found iPhones and keys in their colons (but it's for a good cause)
Japan's largest crime syndicate of over 55,000 members, the Yamaguchi-gumi is launching a web campaign to eliminate drug use in society
High school says its cheerleading uniforms violate dress code
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key denies that he's a reptilian alien
Political candidate: "I want gay married couples to be able to protect their marijuana plants with guns."
Should America Build a Strategic Shoe Reserve?
Fox News Analyst Links Craigslist Killer To 'Dark Souls'
NJ court orders divorced father to pay half of daughter's pricey law school expenses
2 porn channels may need more Canadian content, CRTC says
Police cape-ture alleged Batman costume thief at Cardiff near Newcastle
Emu puppet attack in Truro - police investigating
California's drought is so bad people are turning to witchcraft
Mass. High Court: Subway Upskirt Photos Not Illegal
Florida homeless man calls cops on family for laying down in a park. The city has an ordinance against homeless people sleeping in parks. Family is escorted away.
Ordinance against homeless people sleeping in parks in a Florida city is passed. Homeless man calls cops on a family having a picnic because they are laying down, family is escorted out of the park.
St. Paul couple try to save flat-screen TV as apartment burns
Pat Robertson on marrying first cousins: 'Go for it,' but don't have 'mongoloid' kids
JUSTIN BIEBER LEGALLY CHANGES 'RACE' TO AFRICAN AMERICAN READ DETAILS>> http://creambmp.com/articles/justin-bieber-legally-changes-race-african-american/
Florida Woman Calls 911 Begging For Sex
CRTC Hits Porn Channels For Not Enough Canadian Content
Woman admits to violating 167-year-old offense by riding a horse FURIOUSLY through Surrey countryside
CRTC wants more Canadian content on porn channel
'Fish strike' stops jet's takeoff at Florida base
Porn channels need more Canadian content says CRTC
Winklevoss Twins Use Bitcoins to Book Space Trip
Couple Denied Pizza in Oregon Set Pizza Shop on Fire
Elementary school students caught smoking marijuana in bathroom
A Burrito Stomping on a Human Face-Forever
Kinfolk, a Men's Wear Boutique in Brooklyn, Caters to Men With Confidence
Man Stabbed With Replica 'Zelda' Master Sword In Serious Condition
Chipotle Says There's No 'Guacapocalypse' Looming
The prostitute, her husband, her client and the drug dealer
Startup Plans To Help Frustrated NYC Girls Find The Men Of Their Dreams In San Francisco
Massachusetts court says 'upskirt' photos are legal
An Otter Attacked An Alligator, And Then Ate It
Putin's Bike Gang To Ride To Ukraine To Support Pro-Russia Cause
Top Massachusetts court rules 'upskirt' photos to be legal
South Texas judge in videotaped beating loses seat (x-post r/news)
US Justice Department sues Philadelphia school district over beard length rule
Northern Territory man 'Jason' calls cops after getting lost in his own backyard with Mumbles the dog
Man sues casino after losing $500,000 while drunk
Indian Kashmiri cricket fans to be charged for cheering Pakistan
Pilot takes selfie during missile launch
Elderly woman to remain jailed for feeding birds
Fire chief diagnosed a pyromaniac
Fish strike forces MacDill AFB flight to abort takeoff (w/video)
Russia's Vladimir Putin Nominated For Nobel Peace Prize
Woman behind 'attractive convict' mug shot sues for invasion of privacy
North London council to evict 1,500 tenants in crackdown on "unauthorised" living
Legoland closes hotel for weekend after far-right threats over Muslim fun day
NYC Warns of Chinatown Skin Infection Outbreak From Handling Raw Fish
VA Republican Senator Who Called Women a Child's "Host" Now Pushing Denial of Evolution
Bird with cigarette blamed for fire
Sir Patrick Stewart patches into David Cameron and Barack Obama's Ukraine talks with packet of wet wipes
Plane Hits Fish During Takeoff At MacDill Air Force Base In Tampa
'Beast' Wayne Bryson Escapes Jail After Having Sex with Girlfriend's Dog
Betting Company's "It's Oscar Time!" Advert about the Oscar Pistorius Murder Trial is Most Complained About Ad in Britain
I raped my daughter to get a job -Father
UK's Porn Filter Designer Arrested For Child Porn
UK Porn Filter Architect Arrested On Child Porn Charges
Scientists Build Orgasm Machine For Women
HBO is planning a Game of Thrones themed Hip-Hop mixtape
Indian students charged with sedition for cheering for a cricket team
Massachusetts court rules upskirt photos legal
Dell charges customers £16 to install free browser Firefox
Dell charges £16 TO INSTALL FIREFOX on PCs - Mozilla is miffed
Study: Sleepy Kids More Likely To Get Hit By Cars
Porn channels get in trouble for not showing enough Canadian content (or closed captioning)
Central London street closed as stray swan causes havoc
Porn Channels have insufficient Canadian Content, deplores the CRTC [Translated]
66 students expelled for cheering Pakistan cricket
The U.S. State Department is actively trolling terrorists on Twitter
Naperville loosens ordinance to allow ear piercing
Malaysian government bans Ultraman comic book as it 'threatens' public order
Gambler sues, says he lost $500,000 playing drunk
Ireland police station has no pens
Children's themepark in lockdown over "Right-Wing Threats"
Indian students face sedition charges for supporting Pakistan cricket team
Kickstarter Fail: Artist Raises $51K to Publish Books, Burns Them in Alley.
Fur flies over 16th century 'rocket cats' warfare manual
Grand Rapids, Where It's Now Legal to Be Annoying
Your porn is not Canadian enough, CRTC warns erotica channels
High protein diet not as bad for you as smoking
Lady Gaga to perform at SXSW for 1st time, in Doritos-sponsored lineup
Creationist Ken Ham Raised Enough Money After Bill Nye Debate to Build Noah's Ark
Oscar's team to prove he can scream like a girl
Responding to senator's bid to ban Bitcoin, congressman calls for cash ban
Syria Civil War :Video claims LA Gang members fighting for Assad
"Game of Thrones" Hip-Hop Mixtape Hits Friday
Puppy's evidence crucial in drink-driving case
16th-century manual shows 'rocket cat' weaponry
"Upskirt" photos are not illegal, Massachusetts Court rules
Massachusetts High Court Declares Up-skirting Legal
2-year-old suspended from daycare for cheese sandwich
South African president is booed: Sports Minister blames Satanism
BBC News - Australia: Man gets lost in his own back garden
Gupta: 'I am doubling down' on medical marijuana
China stole the color white from DuPont, court rules
Cigarette smoking bird almost burns down a London apartment complex
Bacon-Scented Alarm Clock: Oscar Mayer Invents Greatest iPhone Wakeup Tool...Ever
Mitch McConnell takes CPAC stage holding a rifle as 'Living on a Prayer' plays
Former fire chief diagnosed as a pyromaniac
Ted Cruz rallies conservative conference: 'You no longer have a president'
Mitch McConnell Brandishes Gun at CPAC
An Otter Attacked An Alligator, And Then Ate It (PHOTOS)
Justin Bieber Legally Changes 'Race' to African American
Justin Bieber's Penis is Now a Matter of Public Record
Otter of nightmares preys on alligator
Three Oklahoma athletes penalized by university for eating pasta
CIA Accused Of Spying On Intelligence Committee
Otter kills and eats alligator
Atheists Seek to Stop 9/11 Museum From Displaying WTC Cross
Soon, It Will Be Legal to Be Annoying in Grand Rapids, Michigan
Keurig Insists Coffee DRM Brings 'Interactive-Enabled Benefits' And Is For Your Own Safety
One in 10 Americans Thinks 'HTML' Is a Sexually Transmitted Disease | Science/AAAS
'Nolan the Colon' raises awareness about colon cancer
Oscar Mayer app wakes you up to the smell of bacon
British General bans sandwiches in lengthy order on troops 'frankly barbaric' table manners
Risk increases dramatically when used to hold explosive gasoline.
Immigration officer fired after putting wife on list of terrorists to stop her flying home
Pastor Orders Female Members To Remove Underwear So God Can Enter Their Bodies
Southwest passenger screams for booze, throws gang signs 'for Jesus,' forces PDX landing
Paul Ryan: Free School Lunch Means Poor Parents Don't Care About Kids
Osama bin Laden dreamed of marrying Whitney Houston and murdering Bobby Brown
Are you worried that your bees are suffering from diarrhoea?
One Part Peanut, One Part Hipster Chic: The Monocle Returns as a Fashion Accessory
Moose sex corridor expands with land donation
Army's top sex assault prosecutor suspended after assault allegation
California third-graders caught smoking pot in school bathroom
Assault Lawer Accused of Sexual Assault-at a Sexual Assault Legal Conference
Oscar Mayer says it has developed app to wake you up to the sound - and smell - of bacon
66 Indian students expelled, threatened with sedition charges, for cheering Pakistan cricket team.
The Army's Top Sexual Assault Lawyer Accused of Sexual Assault-at a Sexual Assault Legal Conference
Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Aircraft forced to abort takeoff after crashing into fish
Facebook Announces Uncluttered, Minimal News Feed Design
'Pee bandit' urinating on unsuspecting people in Florida...
Conservative Writer Upset That 12 Years a Slave Didn't Show Any Happy Slaves
Texas Cops Are Having a Great Time Stealing Cardboard Signs from the Homeless
Italian man, 70, accidentally hires son's girlfriend as an escort, sparking bitter court fight
The Internet may be producing an excess of penguin sweaters
New App Makes Users Lick Their Screens To Learn How To Go Down On Girls
Immigration officer puts wife on terror list, gets sacked
Donald Trump Thinks Jimmy Carter Is Dead
Fla. man arrested for having sex with pit bull in yard as neighbors pleaded with him to stop: report
Russell Crowe film 'Noah' edited to appease Christians upset by 'historical inaccuracies'
Pope Confesses He Stole Priest's Cross from Casket
Canada's Broadcasting Regulator Says There's Not Enough Canadian Porn On TV
Man stabbed with Legend of Zelda sword in critical condition
Paddy Power defends Pistorius trial betting offer
Not enough Canadian porn on TV: regulator
Amid carnage of war, Syria readies for Assad re-election
Chinese concern over North Korean rocket fired near airliner
Scientists build orgasm machine that delivers climax at push of a button
Rifle-toting McConnell seeks firepower for re-election campaign
Officials warn bacteria makes Chinatown fish risky to touch, but safe to eat
Animal shelter won't return lost dog to original owner because it's already been adopted
Oklahoma's 'Dr. Mike' allowed to continue injecting miraculous 'Jesus shot' for $300 a pop
Man called Bitcoin's father denies any ties, wrangles free lunch
Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto chased by reporters, denies founding Bitcoin
Number of people buying guns increases in the Cape Fear region
Gov. Jindal Apologizes to Jimmy Carter: You Are No Longer the Worst President Ever
Personal trainer busted breaking into client's truck during workouts at Texas gym
Army's top sex-crimes prosecutor faces groping allegation
Wife exposes cheating husband and mistress - at Walmart
Pornhub Is Planning A National Advertising Campaign - And It Wants You To Help
Moo-d Music: Do Cows Really Prefer Slow Jams?
Is this Britain's first SAT NAV? 4,000-year-old rock art 'directed lost prehistoric farmers in the Brecon Beacons'
Aaron Carter: Hilary Duff is the love of my life
Rooting for Wrong Cricket Team? That's Sedition, Kashmiri Students Learn
Your porn is not Canadian enough, Canadian Radio-television Commission warns erotica channels
Church offers "my peace unto you" gun giveaway
GTMO celebrates 50 years of civil rights in America
The Monocle Returns as a Fashion Accessory
Nigerian men whipped for gay sex
Pharmacist steals $3,200 worth of pills, apologizes with muffins
Army's Top Sexual Assault Prosecutor Suspended For Alleged Sexual Assault
More land donated to 'moose sex project'
Study: Babies Delight in the Suffering of Others
Infamous Metalhead Goat has died.
Scientists launch pastry into stratosphere
Health Czar Shows Amazing Ignorance About Marijuana Facts
Teenager has 3 heart attacks after downing ten Jagerbombs
High schooler arrested while walking back from restroom.
DNA Results Allegedly Show Michael Jackson Has A 31-Year-Old Son
DNA Results Allegedly Show Michael Jackson Has A 31-Year-Old Son; whose mother is named "Billy"
Moose Knuckles founder defends ad featuring semi-nude Quebec terrorists after retailer pulls brand from shelves
Russian President Vladimir Putin nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
Babies have a mean streak, want their enemies harmed: study
Neighbor of man flying KKK flag says he isn't 'true member'
Trump Took Out Ad Seeking Death Penalty for 14 Year Old
Homeland Security Detained US Citizen Inside The US, Used Intercepted Emails To Quiz Her About Her Sex Life
Army's Top Sexual Assault Prosecutor Accused of Sexual Assault
Shaq is crowdfunding a 'Shaq Fu' sequel
The Expendables 3: Kelsey Grammer is rumoured to be joining as Nicolas Cage rumours are quashed
German bobsleigh pilot punished for lending equipment to Russian Olympics champ
German banned for loaning bobsled to double gold medal winning Russian rival Zubkov
Woman arrested after selling pot on Craigslist
Paul Ryan: Free School Lunches Gives Kids 'An Empty Soul'
Lack of biros blamed for public order offences
Man who strolled around a field attempting to perform sex acts on cows and sheep avoids jail
A Japanese Superhero Is Apparently Destroying Malaysia
Who would make a better US president? Putin or Obama? (from the DailyCaller, Glenn Beck's website)
Police lockdown Legoland over far-right threat to Muslim fun day
Pakistan: Onion heroin smuggling plot uncovered
Las Vegas gambler sues after losing $500,000 'while drunk'
Turkish PM accuses 'robot lobby' of conducting plot against the gov't
Top Army sex crimes prosecutor accused of groping woman during sexual assault conference
Army's top sexual assault lawyer suspended for committing sexual assault...at a sexual assault legal conference
Fortune cookie turns Bronx woman into millionaire
Academy members admit they voted for 12 Years A Slave without watching it
Goldman Sachs Elevator Has Lost His Book Deal
UPDATE: Escaped cow captured in Casselton, N.D.
Gang rape survivor kidnapped from police protection, gang-raped again.
Is Gov. Markell the next Pharrell Williams?
Make taser-proof clothing with carbon-fiber linings
The NSA Has An Advice Columnist. Seriously.
Teacher relieved of duties after student forced to eat banana from garbage
Gunning for God: Troy, N.Y. pastor to hold church raffle for AR-15-type rifle
CIA Accused of Spying on CIA
Man selling home for $135,000 in Dogecoins
British man spared jail after being caught trying to have sex with cow, sheep in front of picnicking couple
Bill Cosby says his ghost will haunt the new Ben's Chili Bowl in Arlington
Otter attacks, kills alligator at Florida wildlife refuge
Police: Ballard High student who killed for cell phone disappointed victim didn't have a nicer model
Actor Jason Weaver Blasts 'Coon' Celebrations Of Lil Boosie's Release From Prison
Bronx woman credits fortune cookie for $2 million lottery win
Transit Commission wants fair bus service for everyone, ends free rides for visually impaired
Woman's auto-payments hid her death for six years
Colo. Man to Go to Trial in May Over $42 Girl Scout Cookie Purchase
New Oscar Mayer alarm clock app releases smell and sound of bacon.
President Obama Misspells 'Respect,' But At Least It's Not As Bad As 'Potatoe'
Army checkpoints in Bangkok get flowery makeover
Two Men Convicted for Selling 'Oreo' White Pigment Secret to China
Massachusetts court rules 'upskirt' photos not illegal
Islamic Leaders Issue Fatwa Prohibiting One-Way Trips to Mars
Man loses 56 pounds after eating only McDonald's for six months
Gina Rinehart: Billionaire Heiress Orders Poor Australians to Work Harder and Hails Margaret Thatcher
Western Movie with Gov. Otter May Have Been Edited to Include Sex Scenes
Redskins Quarterback Says He Would Try to Help Potential Gay Teammate Find Jesus
Woman ordered to give back $50,000 child support to banking ex-husband after losing custody of their two kids because she had an abortion
Oklahoma man chasing $20 gets lost in sewer system for two days
Oreo Secret Recipe at Center of International Espionage Case
Police: Family ate meat contaminated with LSD
Privacy is in our blood, says NSA official
A Southwest Airlines flight made an emergency landing in Oregon because of an unruly passenger who demanded multiple glasses of wine, and displayed gang signs he said were for Jesus
Family Eats LSD-Tainted Meat, Goes Home With a New Brother
Florida man invokes 'Stand your ground' after shooting sheriff's deputy
Miami Marlins 'outraged' the Red Sox field their B team during a Spring Training game.
Situation in Ukraine further confused by appearance of John Travolta...
Bully who outed Duke porn star has his porn preferences publicized
Japanese chef creates sushi with just one grain of rice
The Conservatives Turn to Craigslist For Hot Gay Sex During CPAC
70 year old man hires escort only to find out it was son's girlfriend
Unwitting family who ate WalMart steak laced with LSD for dinner are rushed to hospital as pregnant mother goes into labor
Police: Pregnant Tampa woman among family that unknowingly ingested LSD
LEGO Bricks and Wizard Trading Cards Targeted in Troy Theft
Woman's auto-payments hid her death for several years
Obama Misspells 'Respect' While Praising Franklin Before White House Concert
White House pledges Obama will make good on his hockey beer bet
LSD found in meat sold at a Tampa Walmart.
Family of 4 Consumes Meat from Walmart Laced with LSD
Ke$ha changes her name to Kesha after leaving rehab
Dejected ex-teacher who slugged Snooki joins Army
Man Dressed in Nothing But G-String Steals Batman Costume, Then Puts It On Just for Funsies
FBI investigating Senate staffers spied on by CIA, for proving CIA lied to congress about torture.
Pedophile sprays children in face with semen-filled squirt gun
Florida man uses state gun law to open backyard firing range
Family buys meat from Wal-Mart and trips on LSD
Unlucky frog photo-bombs NASA
Gang Rape Survivor In India Gang Raped Again While In Police Protection
Push-up jeans promise to give you more 'junk in your trunk'
Families warned of scam as doorstep trickster sells packs of six High Lane Oatcakes for the price of 12
Chinese officials debate why China can't make a soap opera as good as South Korea's
Bus Pass Elvis Party beats Lib Dems in election
Oscar Pistorius trial: Never mind a media scrum - murder case becomes bizarre safari following the tracks of a wounded lion
Cat wearing jetpack in 16th century drawing baffles historians
Anti-porn group plants fake nude pic tabloid
New York church to give away AR-15 semi-automatic rifle
Tampa Family Sickened by LSD Tainted Beef
Pentagon to launch blimps to guard against cruise missiles
Please don't knit a sweater for a penguin
Knitting craze fails to help oil-hit wildlife
New York Police Department office of counsel has ruled that the department's freedom of information manual is confidential
Family of 4 consumes meat contaminated with LSD, leaves hospital as family of 5
China declares war on pollution with drone para-troopers
Goophone copies the all new (still-unannounced) HTC One
Tupac Shakur lookalike attends Celtics game, sends crowd into a frenzy
Why We Should Quit Tossing Fish Heads And Eat 'Em Up Instead. Yum!
'Really hard to eat a sandwich with knife and fork' officers tell complaining General
Lawsuit: Sprint charged US gov't $21 million too much for spying expenses
Man Sexually abuses Peacock - Poor Bird Found Dead
Dead six years, woman discovered in her own house: Auto pay took care of the bills, neighbors cut the grass
Former Top NSA Official Says Tech Firms Should Be More Transparent About Data Collection
New York Police Department office of counsel has ruled that the department's freedom of information manual is confidential : nottheonion
'I am not a sore loser,' says gambler suing Vegas casino after losing $500K
Man loses 56 pounds after eating only McDonalds for six months
Texans get set to kill thousands of rattlesnakes in annual festival
Orgasm Machine Now Ready to Solve All World's Problems
Woman to busted pimp: 'Game over. I win.'
Minister's daughter: Cannabis 'a gift from God'
Celebrate International Women's Day with a Pat on the Pussy
Listen to What I Have to Say: Why Teenage Feminists are Important
Crocodiles Can Climb Trees, Study Finds
75-year-old woman cuts off Internet to Georgia and Armenia (2011)
Scientists Develop Sports Recovery Beer
Gun in donated clothes kills woman in Chicago
Two choices in Crimean referendum: yes and yes
Whiff you were 'ere: Britain's first scratch and sniff city tour guide launched in York
Transgender (man identifying as woman) sues CrossFit; is required to join as man for tournament.
Missing woman unwittingly joins search party looking for herself
Canadian Libertarian Candidate: "I Want Gay Married Couples To Be Able To Protect Their Marijuana Plants With Guns"
Gun Hidden in Donated Sock Kills Woman in Thrift Store
Still nothing able to be located: Malaysian DCA official
New app 'Lick This' lets you lick phone screen to learn oral sex techniques
LickThisApp: New iPhone app can improve your sex life by making you lick smartphone screen
Dad never wore an underwear twice
Florida men plead guilty to jumping on manatees
North Koreans vote in rubber-stamp elections
China to fight pollution with drones
Security upped at Machu Picchu over influx of streakers.
Missing toddler found in her bed. [June 21, 2011]
Rod bitten by deadly snake, grabs beer and hopes for the best
Comic Artist Burns Copies of Book He Got Kickstarter Funded Rather Than Mail Them, Because Capitalism is Bad
Schoolgirl abducted by teacher Jeremy Forrest 'begins relationship with another teacher'
Kansas City-area spelling bee finally ends
A Detroit police officer is accused of raping a woman who had called 911 to report being assaulted by her boyfriend.
Kesha Drops Dollar Sign From Her Name After Leaving Rehab
Semen can affect a woman's brain. No really.
Semen can affect a woman's brain
Bozeman couple charged with letting 2-year-old smoke marijuana
Women protest against proposed Iraq law that would allow marriage of nine-year-old girls
North Koreans excited to 'vote' in rigged elections
Rob Ford gives out worst advice for Daylight Saving Time
Woman's auto-payments hid her death for over 5 years.
Humans Appear Programmed to Obey Robots, Studies Suggest
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford screws up daylight saving time
George Zimmerman signs autographs at Orlando gun show
Woman's finger almost bitten off in parking brawl
Pee bandits are now peeing on people and people's stuff at schools across America
Korean Food Truck Celebrated For Its Chicken Banned In San Antonio Over Its Spicy Name: 'CockAsian'
Creator of Crypto currency 'PonziCoin' makes off with investors money (Xpost from /r/Bitcoin)
Professor Called Racist For Correcting Black Student's Grammar And Punctuation
Al Qaeda Announces New English-Language Terror Magazine
Woman accidentally joins search party looking for herself
America's war on obesity is an assault on our liberty
Ohio HS title game ends in tie after seven scoreless overtime periods
Police: Man had sex with pit bull in his yard
Leave Brittney Alone Makes Gay Porn
Mexico confirms killing of 'dead' drug lord
Rod Sommerville sank a cold beer after bite by deadly eastern brown
Cartel leader reported dead -- again
North Korea's Kim Jong-un gets 100% of 'yes' votes in election
Kim Jong Un elected with 100% of the vote
Man changes name to 'Full Metal Havok More Sexy N Intelligent Than Spock And All The Superheroes Combined With Frostnova'
New Zealand man's 99-character name
Intern shot with 80,000-volt, drone-mounted stun gun
Hung & done! Disgusted Williamsburg waves goodbye to Spider-Man and rubber penis!
Man grabs beer from fridge after deadly snake bite
No laughing matter: Bizarre spate of clown-related crimes reported across region
North Korea: Not a single vote cast against Kim Jong Un
Man punches stranger in Capitol Hill for a bite of his burrito
North Korea's Kim Jong Un gets every vote in election.
Bungling workmen fail to notice Liverpool school had been knocked down
David Cameron resorts to paying for Facebook fans because not enough people like him
These MIT researchers want to translate Shakespeare into GIFs
Missing woman in Iceland joins search for herself
Kentucky Southern Baptists Draw Crowds With Gun Giveaways
If Hillary Clinton Dies Soon, Her 2016 Candidacy May Hit A Snag, Statistics Say
Missing Malaysia Airlines jet: Passengers with stolen passports 'look like Mario Balotelli'
Sometimes, the boss is the one lying in the job interview
Nebraska shocked to learn it has Parti Québécois-style religion law
Man convicted of slaying 7 awarded nearly $500K
Right Wing Journalist Angry that '12 Years a Slave' Doesn't Depict Happy Slaves
Australian man shrugs off bite from deadly snake with a cold beer
Wanted: volunteers to knit jumpers for poorly penguins
Long dead Mexico drug lord Nazario Moreno killed
Man chases $20 into drain, gets stuck underground for two days
Buffalo State prof to study productivity of nap time
McDonald's Manager Threatened To Shoot Diabetic Employee
Russia Sinks Own Ship to Block Ukranian Ships
NKorea: Not a single vote cast against Kim Jong Un
Remote-controlled orgasm machine to be tested in Minneapolis
River In China So Polluted It Burst Into Flames
Bush NOT Arrested in Richmond Despite Polite Requests from Activists
Minnesota state representative says crime would go up if NBA ended
Meatball sandwich horseplay leads to two deaths, family betrayal, two trials.
Teacher shows sex tape featuring herself to pupils during class by mistake
Teacher accidentally shows sex-tape to students
People are starting to worry that a site called PonziCoin might have been a scam
Palin's Green Eggs and Ham CPAC Bit Was Ripped Off a Chain Email
Teens using vodka tampons to get drunk
Woman bites driver's finger off at New Jersey mall after she steals her parking spot
After Deadly Snake Bite, Australian Man Grabs A Beer
Man at grappling contest is farted on, submits
Fox News misspells 'spelling bee'
Dogs Love Eating Human Faces
Animal Sculptures Beheaded in Bellevue Hospital's Sobriety Garden
Sheryl Sandberg Launches 'Ban Bossy' Campaign to Empower Girls to Lead
Man Sues McDonald's For $1.5 Million Because He Was Only Given One Napkin
Illinois Governor Hopeful Bruce Rauner Admits He's The 1 Percent Of The 1 Percent
Koch brother donates money to hospital; Liberals protest
CBS Investigative Reporter Sharyl Attkisson Resigns Citing Network's Liberal Bias
Schools return 'suggestive' condoms
Reefer Badness: Teen Torched Mom's Clothes After She Refused To Give Him Money To Buy Pot
Kim Jong-un wins 100% of the vote in North Korean elections
Missing Malaysia Airlines jet: Passenger with stolen passport 'non-Asian' who looks like Mario Balotelli
Woman working in a Chicago thrift store shot dead after gun hidden in donated SOCK goes off
Chicago thrift store worker killed when gun hidden in donated sock discharges
Kim Jong Un wins 100% support in North Korea's parliamentary election
Kim Jong Un Wins 100% of Votes in North Korea Election
Mexican Drug Lord Shot Dead ... For Second Time : The Two-Way : NPR
KCNA (Korean Central News Agency) Terms U.S. Worst Human Rights Abuser
'I'm dying': 'Crocodile Hunter' Steve Irwin's last words
A wife charges husband $66 every time for sex to pay for bills.
Dog-Walkers to Client: "We Don't Walk Dogs for People Who Want Marijuana Legalized"
US Supreme Court removes school 'boobies' bracelet ban
Miley Cyrus Performs In Underwear After Missing Costume Change
Amsterdam community project pays alcoholics with beer to clean streets
Canadian regulator warns TV porn not to skimp on home-grown erotica
Hissssss! Police rescue family penned into bedroom by 22-pound cat
Aggravated cat is subdued by Portland police after terrorizing family
Liberals Protest $100 Million Donation to Hospital Because David Koch Gave the Money
Boy, six, suspended from school for four days after he was found to have a packet of Mini Cheddars in his lunchbox
Swedish Left Party moves to ban men urinating while standing
Woman, teen attacked by bees after car crashes into tree
Julian Assange: Is President Obama wearing pants?
FBI: Facebook Selfie Sunk Bank Robbery Suspect
Central Precinct Officers Rescue Family from Ferocious Feline
FOX News Misspells 'Spelling Bee' (Video)
Woman Accidently Joins Search Party Looking For Herself
The NRA claims victory in Facebook's new 'anti-gun' policies
Middle School Teacher Accidentally Shows Students Her Own Sex Tape During Class
Passenger Films NJ Transit Bus Driver Allegedly Pleasuring Himself On The Job
Police: 78-Year-Old Woman Found Living At Home With Dead Husband For A Month
Most Corrupt Town in America in Danger of Being 'Wiped Off the Map'
House cat in Oregon attacks baby, traps family in bedroom
Terrifying New Personal Defense Drone Comes Equipped With A Taser
Al-Qaeda unveils new magazine aimed at Western jihadis
A fat cat with a bad attitude attacked a baby and forced a Portland family to hide in a bedroom before calling 911.
2-Year-Old Girl Suspended From Daycare Over Cheese Sandwich
US sailors wear out sex workers
Vicious pet cat traps Oregon couple, who call 911
Hamas unveils rocket statue in Gaza City
Professor dies of lung cancer after doctors dismiss illness as 'purely psychological'
Colorado Man Could Sue Rescuers Who Saved Him From Submerged Car
Soccaste man accused of having sex with dog
Liam Neeson is taken with NYC's horse-drawn carriages
Thompson: Barry Bonds has great teeth
Family Calls 911 When Angry Fat Cat Holds Them Hostage
Pastor orders female members to attend service without underwear... for "Christ to enter" |
Angry House Cat Accused of Holding Portland Family Hostage
Samsung launched the Galaxy S III Mini Value Edition
Crazed kitty attacks baby, forces family to call 911
Jamaica rules gay teens can live in the sewer
Swanson: Disney's 'Frozen' Is A Satanic Push To Turn Kids Gay
Student Suspended After Teachers Mistake Hand Gesture For Gang Sign (X-post r/news)
22-pound cat with 'history of violence' traps couple in bedroom
The Huffington Post discovers where pine nuts come from: pine cones
"Despite all this, I still love her!" says Chinese man demembered by wife
David Cameron Mocked For Having To Pay Out For Facebook Friends
Pentagon Spends $300,000 Per Year to Study Body Language of Putin, World Leaders
Wedding called off due to chicken biryani
Duke CEO: Customers will cover coal ash removal
Netherlands Closing 19 Prisons Due to Lack of Criminals
Bieber can't remember coming to Australia
Ann Coulter: Cruel for rich people not to shame poor people for having too much sex
U.S. Supreme Court won't hear Easton Area School District's 'I (heart) Boobies' appeal
Michele Bachmann Laments That 'The Gay Community Have So Bullied The American People'
Drones Used to Deliver Drugs to Prisoners in Canada
Missing MH370: Don't rely on Google Maps to search for plane, says Google
Democrats plan all-night 'talkathon' on climate change
Kim Jong Un Elected Unanimously: Dictator Wins In Unopposed Vote
A Nazi's Disappointment With Iceland
NYPD Wants to Close 'Dangerous' Gowanus Biker Club That Hosts Baby Showers
Fox News Can't Spell 'Spelling Bee'
Glenn Beck thinks Thomas Edison was a 'bad man'
Maltese terrier saved from poisoning death by getting drunk on vodka cure
Struggling Britons offer to sell kidneys on Facebook
Vets save poisoned Maltese terrier by getting it drunk on Vodka
Facebook users in Britain offer to sell kidneys for £20,000
Maltese terrier with ethylene glycol poisoning is saved - by vodka
Firefighters put out blaze at own fire station | UK news
Oregon family dial 911 after 22-pound pet cat holds them hostage in bedroom
Me-OW! 22-pound house cat attacks baby, traps family in room
Evangelical Christian ministry want access to more corpses ... to hone their 'raising the dead' skills
Michele Bachmann: 'The gay community have so bullied the American people'
Woman goes missing and joins her own search party
Meet the Gay Black Republican Selling Guns Online for Bitcoin
No, Diet Coke Is Not Encouraging Drug Abuse
22-pound cat attacks baby, traps owners in bedroom
Rampaging cat traps Oregon family in bedroom; police called to intervene
Family calls 911 after crazed cat attacks baby, holds owners hostage
Two Students Charged for Forcing Dog into Keg Stand
President Obama appears on Between Two Ferns chat show
911 Call Reveals Ore. Family Held Hostage by Fat Cat
Indiana woman says boyfriend's torn scrotum was act of self-defense
San Diego police raid strip club, photograph strippers
Police Spend All Day Investigating "Murder Scene" That Was Really a Movie Set
Twitter posts land 2 Saudi men in prison
Man saved from severe floods may sue his rescuers 'because they took too long'
Evangelical Christians want access to more corpses ... to hone their 'raising the dead' skills
Obama, Zach Galifianakis Trade Insults In Hilarious 'Funny Or Die' Video
Police in India have failed to act on hundreds of corruption complaints over 8 years because they lost a computer password
Oregon couple call 911 after vicious pet cat traps them
Porn channels face CRTC review for lack of Canadian content
Senator says CIA spied on Senate panel, possibly broke law
Rockford Man Sues Kraft After Eating an "Emotionally Distressful" Box of Macaroni & Cheese
Disney's 'Frozen' teaches kids to be gay, pastor says
Missing MH 370: Malaysian leaders hired bomoh (shaman) to search for missing plane
2 Students Charged For Forcing Dog Into Keg Stand
Conservative mag slams 12 Years a Slave for failing to portray happy slaves.
Firestation destroyed by fire
Wanted in Sri Lanka: hangman, must not fear gallows
Man steals cop car, leads police on chase
Miley Cyrus Performs In Underwear After Missing Costume Change (NSFW)
Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: Don't Use Google Maps to Search for Plane, Says Google
Jackie Chan's K-pop boy band to release debut album
Unforeseen losses force Irish Psychics Live into liquidation
BBC News - Canada: Tax breaks to support Moose Sex Project
President Obama Interviewed On &#8216;Between Two Ferns&#8217;
Portland police rescue family penned into bedroom by 22-pound cat
President Obama Interviewed On Between Two Ferns
Christian radio host: Disney's 'Frozen' is Satanic tool for 'indoctrinating' young lesbians
10 Reasons Why Handheld Devices Should Be Banned for Children Under the Age of 12
Angry cat taps family in bedroom
Kentucky pastor feels hurt by people who didn't like his "inspiring" blackface skit.
Cat Traps Family in Bedroom Forces Them to Call 911 for Rescue
22-pound pet cat holds family hostage until police arrive
But Why Didn't Zach Galifianakis Ask Obama About Benghazi?
Dog put on 48 hour vodka binge to save its life
Quebec snowmobiler dies after driving under a moose
LISTEN: House cat with 'history of violence' terrorizes family forcing 911 call
Bank robbery suspect waits for police to arrest him
Canada: Tax breaks to support Moose Sex Project
Angry Young Men Are Making the World Less Stable
House cat attacks baby, traps family in bedroom
Housecat Attacks Baby, Traps Family in Bedroom
Feinstein Says CIA Spied on Congress feels violated
'Missing' woman unknowingly joins search for herself
Oregon cat that trapped family to get therapy
Keith Richards is writing a children's book.
Paralyzed GOP Lawmaker On Medicaid Opposes Medicaid Expansion
Pharmaceutical company refuses to help dying boy
Crazed fat cat forces family to hide in bathroom, call 911
Florida inmates wage a food fight
200 Million Years Old Dinosuar Egg Hatches in Berlin Museum
Florida Man Arrested for DUI Said He Was Trying to "Drive it Off": Cops
Flasher arrested in Salford after being chased for two miles by 16-year-old girl
Man arrested for robbing banks after taking selfie on Facebook with gun used to rob banks
Campaign Aims to Ban the Word 'Bossy'-ABC News
The Senate Just Rerouted Millions Of Dollars In Campaign Funding Toward Cancer And Medical Research
Pro NSA Senator Diane Feinstein doesn't like being spied on, an accuses CIA of spying on her and staff.
Man calls 911 after 'very, very, very, very hostile' cat traps family
Gutted Downham Market fire station had no sprinklers
Sheryl Sandberg's Campaign To 'Ban Bossy' Is Picking Up Steam
Tesla sales will be banned in New Jersey starting April 1st
Multiple Baseball Mascots Claim To Have Affairs With Mrs. Met
Pastor: women should not wear underwear so they can receive the spirit of Christ
British woman marries her dog, confesses: 'I'm totally her b---h'
Feinstein accuses CIA of Unconstitutional spying.
Fire Station Burns Down
Baby-faced man accused of being pimp: Mounties
Canada offering tax breaks to support Moose Sex Project
Terrorists Fire Rocket at Southern Israel
Family held hostage by 'psycho cat' calls 911
Couples will have sex in a box for reality show
Zach Galifianakis is now HealthCare.gov's biggest traffic driver
Pharrell's 'Mountain' Hat Bought by Arby's for $44,100
Man breaks into police station, tells officers to get out of his house
22-Pound Cat Takes Family Hostage; Family Calls 911 For Help
Oklahoma Rep. Sally Kern authors bill warning of dangers of tongue piercing.
Megan Fox: I love facials.
Police arrest demonstrators opposing bill giving police new powers against protesters
Checking Noise Complaint, Officers Stumble Upon a Heroin Mill
Tenino HS plays Bieber's 'Baby' nonstop for fundraiser
Hockey Players High-Five Each Other After Especially Brutal Fight
Disney Music To Drop Disney EDM Remixes
Politician uses steroids in baseball to argue for evidence of climate change
Dominique Strauss-Kahn best man to run France instead of François Hollande, leaked poll finds
SC House votes to penalize colleges for gay-themed books
Missing Women Accidentally Joins Own Search Party
Crazed Pet Cat Holds Family Hostage and Forces Them To Call 911 For Rescue
Police shoot cow escaped from trailer in Meriden
Obama has already seen 'Game of Thrones' season four
House cat goes berserk, scares Portland family
Teen self-defense expert kicked out of Army program, all because of a pocketknife
Kentucky pastor apologizes for blackface skit at church
House Cat Traps Owners
French student becomes "Fierce Urchin"
My High School Canceled Dances Because Students Would Rather Stay Home and Text Eachother
Ky. pastor apologizes for blackface skit at church
Rush Limbaugh Admits That Republicans Refuse to Work With Obama Because He Is Black
Couple attacked by cat say they'll get it help
ABC reporter asks "Was the presidency in any way damaged" by Obama's Funny or Die video
'Freddy's BBQ Joint' from 'House of Cards' for sale
MLB mascots rip Mr. Met on Twitter about having affair with his wife
Women charged with manslaughter in botched butt lift
Kristen Bell says Oscar dress forced her to pee in a jar
Australian vets save poisoned dog by giving it vodka
'We're trapped in the bedroom': Oregon family taken hostage by 22-pound cat
Terrified family call 911 after rampaging 22-pound pet CAT attacks baby then corners whole family - including dog - in bedroom
'Pavement lunged and hit me', driver tells Sharjah Police
Himalayan cat takes US family hostage in their apartment
Keller Police Are Now Announcing Their Speed Traps on Facebook and Twitter
Clarence Man Accused of Offering Sex Act for Boat Trailer | KCRG-TV9 | Cedar Rapids, Iowa News, Sports, and Weather
Bill O'Reilly: Abraham Lincoln Would Have Never Appeared on Zach Galifianakis 'Between Two Ferns'
Family call police after crazed and 'hostile cat with a history of violence' attacks baby before attempting to 'flee custody'
300: Rise of an Empire Has Men Feeling Body Image Issues
We pee in the pool -and it's hurting our health, study says.
Dad returns from Afghanistan to learn his kid is Duke porn star
Family call 911 after being attacked by their pet cat
Target blasted for bad Photoshop of models on website
Man & Woman Sleeping In Dumpster Tossed In Spokane Garbage Truck
Man who lost drunk poker bet with friends gets ridiculous new name
'Sicilian Space Program' launches pastry into stratosphere
Groom's family demands mutton biriyani, bride's family serves chicken, marriage called off in Bangalore after fight
Chinese ridicule Malaysia's recruitment of 'witch doctor' to track missing plane
Cat holds family hostage
Man says he's too morbidly obese to go to prison
Woman hides in man's closet for a year
President Barack Obama Gets Game of Thrones Season 4 Screeners
Sri Lankan hangman resigns in shock at sight of gallows
Chinese families of MH370 passengers fuming as MAS offers to bring them to KL but lands them in India instead
Mummified Michigan woman seemingly voted in the afterlife, records show
Suspected bank robber caught hiding in doughnut shop
College kids break into sea world to eat ice cream
Facebooked: 'Bank robber' posts gun selfie, gets arrested
Senators Okay With Spying On Citizens, But Outraged It Happened To Congress
Toddler found with heroin at New Jersey daycare center
20-month-old toddler becomes youngest professional footballer in the world.
Oregon couple attacked by cat plans to get it help
Rich Teas are the best biscuits, Hobnobs are soggy imposters, scientists find
Bill O'Reilly: Abraham Lincoln Would Never Have Appeared on Funny or Die
Bomb Squad Destroys Pressure Cooker On East Boston Street
Crimea Vote Doesn't Offer 'No' Option For Joining Russia
No room for 'Nyet' in Ukraine's Crimea vote to join Russia
Cops Rescue Family From Irate 22-lb. Cat
Just for Cats: Internet Cat Video Film Festival
Brazilian Bodybuilder Admits His 29-Inch Biceps Are Fake
College group cancels diversity 'happy hour' after excluding white staffers
Bodybuilder admits his 29-inch biceps are fake
City creates priority parking for musicians.
Tearful Dottie Sandusky tells how her imprisoned child molester husband misses 'fun times with grandkids' in first interview since he was jailed
Spring Break-in: Frat bros from Houston arrested for breaking in to SeaWorld and eating ice cream [X-post from r/sanantonio]
Woman Gets Pregnant By Friend's Husband to Prove He's Cheating
Birth of the Baby Footballer: At What Age Can You Spot True Sporting Talent?
Angry cross-dresser attacks car with chunks of concrete
Georgia Senate Candidate Paul Broun: Support Israel Or God Will Curse America
Taxslayer.com Gator Bowl audited by IRS
Player Exposes Magic: the Gathering for Everything It's Cracked Up to Be
Stop Being Poor. It worked for America.
Fresh Electronic Dance Music: Disney announces DCONSTRUCTED. Kaskade, Avicii, Armin van Buuren, Mat Zo have remixed classic Disney tunes
Zombie Caterpillars Rain Death From Treetops
Mississippi, Louisiana, Georgia are top gay-porn watching states
'I meant no harm': Man who threw kids in well
Kelly Brook's ex-Gladiator boyfriend pleads guilty to crashing van full of dead badgers into bus stop while working as marksman in government cull
Park Street, Bristol to be transformed into a water slide
Ex Royal Marine fell asleep at wheel and crashed van full of dead badgers
Dennis Rodman Offers Tearful Apology, Vows Never To Return To N. Korea
Pat Robertson: Watching Porn Movies Gives Demons 'Permission' to Wreck Your Car
David McIntosh pleads guilty to crashing van full of dead badgers into bus stop
US sues Sprint for overbilling wiretap expenses
Intentional Avalanche Destroys Crystal Mountain Chairlift
Man Goes To "Magic: The Gathering" Tournament, Poses Next To Butt Cracks
Florida teacher who routinely tweets 'OBAMA IS A P*SSY' upset at exclusion from Obama event
Shaman uses bamboo binoculars to find missing plane
Georgia Man Flying Nazi Flag in Protest of Obama Swears He's Not Racist
College campaigns against offensive language such as 'derp,' 'wuss,' and 'you guys'
Craft Store Disagrees With Science on When Life Begins.
Alabama judge dismisses same-sex couple's divorce petition
Strauss-Kahn best man to replace France's Hollande, says leaked poll
Police: Man Shows up Drunk at DUI Victim Panel
Frozen, the Oscar-winning Disney cartoon adapted from Hans Christian Andersen, is a vehicle for pro-gay propaganda as well a promoting bestiality, according to a Christian radio show in Colorado.
New Jersey Honor Student Who Sued Parents for Financial Support, Alleged They Abused Her, Moves Back Home
US Congresswoman believes the Constitution is 400 years old
PC Keith Blakelock Murder Witness: All Blacks Look the Same
Real estate scammer says he's too obese for prison
Justin Bieber Arrested at SXSW for Driving a Pedicab While Intoxicated
Boeing says disappeared Malaysia jet not subject to FAA inspection order.
Obama threatens vetoes of bills requiring him to follow the law
Haboob-Hating Texans Have Racist Facebook MELTDOWN Over Routine Weather Update
Dead mother clocks up speeding fines
U.S. Congressman offers free assault weapon to primary supporters
Russian Politician Blames Hard-to-Pronounce Cyrillic Letter for Country's Bad Image
Jerry Sandusky's wife says she believes he is 'definitely' innocent
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Georgiaare top gay porn watching states
Usain Bolt may play football for Jamaica after retirement from athletics
Oklahoma Fox station removes evolution from 'Cosmos' by cutting only 15 seconds
Man with 'foot fetish' preyed on boys at skate rink, records allege.
Kelly Brook's ex-boyfriend crashed van full of dead badgers into bus shelter in Gloucester
Taser-equipped drone demonstrated on unfortunate intern at SXSW
Pastor Claims 'Frozen' Will Turn Your Children Gay
This Man Is Suing NASA For Ignoring a Jelly Donut-Shaped Rock He Thinks Is Life on Mars
'Kelly Brook's ex-gladiator boyfriend crashes van full of dead badgers'
Tea Partier Thinks The Common Core Education Standards Will Destroy 'Traditional' America
Quadruple amputee jailed for sex attack.
Missing woman joins search party looking for herself
French chicken farmers threaten legal action over defamatory porn film
Pat Robertson: Demons get 'permission' to wreck your car from X-rated movies
Goat war: an apology
Conservative radio hosts: 'Frozen' promotes gay agenda, bestiality
Theft suspect arrested in Friendswood wearing Cookie Monster onesie
Obama and Putin Are, Like, Totally Fighting
22-pound cat attacks baby in Portland, leads owners to barricade in a bedroom; no one injured
Palin Mocked in 2008 for Warning Putin May Invade Ukraine if Obama Elected
School loops Justin Bieber in hallways until students hit charity goal
Know your future through navel gazing
'Lick This' App Teaches Oral Sex Via Phone-Licking
Bizarre Spring Training Injury Proves It's Called The 'Cactus League' For A Reason
Keith Richards to Write a Children's Book
Lyrics of Pitbull/Shakira song bear uncanny similarities to MH370 mystery
Gay student feels accepted among fraternity brothers
18-Year-Old Enters Toronto's Mayoral Race
Brewers' Francisco Rodriguez will miss game after stepping on a cactus
Victorian Government makes protesting illegal, protests against the law ensue
The Lego Movie wildly popular in Singapore as its totalitarian premise resonates with locals
The Five-Second Rule Is Now Supported by Actual Scientific Evidence
New evidence supports 'five-second rule' of dropped food
Police Chief Fired After Signing Pledge to Uphold Constitution
Pope Francis drops an 'f-bomb'
'Violent' Himalayan cat attacks baby, traps Oregon family in bedroom
US warns Russia 'this is not Rocky IV'
US warns Russia 'this is not Rocky IV' as Putin puts fighter jets on combat alert
Tinder is Making It Easier For Celebrities To Hook Up With Normals
Delaware grandfather writes his own hilarious obit
The Taxslayer.com Gator Bowl and two other bowls are being audited by the IRS
New Jersey Bans Tesla to Ensure Buying a Car Will Always Suck
Oklahoma Fox Station Cut Only Mention of Evolution From Cosmos
Anti-Pot Group Complains That Coloradans Are Not Buying Enough Pot
HEAR IT: Oregon family dial 911 after 22-pound pet cat holds them hostage in bedroom
Ted Cruz likens abortion rights backers to satanists in appearance
Malaysia is using witch doctors to find missing plane
Math could help find missing Malaysian plane
The Canadian Government Demands More Canadian Porn
Barack Obama shops at the Gap
Key witness in Sunderland Pc Keith Blakelock murder trial tells court: "All blacks look alike to me"
'Brotox' Becoming More Popular with Men
China's ambassador to the US thinks "House of Cards" is a reality show.
Whites unwelcome at college diversity 'happy hour'
Florida Police 'Ticket' 2-Year-Old Girl Driving White Convertible
Lingerie store accepts EBT card
Peeing In Pools Can Create Dangerous Neurotoxin Cocktail
College Group Bans White People From Diversity 'Happy Hour'
NSA posed as Facebook to infect computers with malware
Twin Sisters Get £130,000 Surgery To Look Identical
Creationist slams Neil deGrasse Tyson's 'Cosmos' for 'blind faith' in scientific theories
Sexist aprons stun Women's Day fun runners
President Obama Gets To Watch Game of Thrones Season 4 Before You Do
Politician caught browsing nudie pics in parliament
Bitcoin User Gradually Realises Why Regulation Exists
The White Man March, Which Is Almost Exactly What It Sounds Like, Is Coming to New York
Man Kills Himself and Four-Year-Old Son Because of Malware on Computer
Underwear Company Offers Penis Insurance
Samantha Bee Finds Out Medicare Funds Penis Pumps, Tries To High-Five NARAL's Ilyse Hogue
U.S. now calls Guantánamo hunger strike 'long term non-religious fasting'
2-Year-Old Suspended from Daycare Over Cheese Sandwich
Couple overdosed on heroin in McDonald's play area: Ohio police
Kelly Brook's ex-Gladiator boyfriend David McIntosh 'crashed van full of dead badgers during controversial cull'
Woman jailed for killing kitten by putting it in microwave | UK news
Southern States Watch the Most Gay Porn in America
Pope marks one-year anniversary: Don't call him a rock star
Why Chocolate Fried Chicken Might Be The Future Of Fast Food
Fox host: Overtime pay isn't fair to companies because it makes employees too greedy
Americans invented St Patrick's Day, claim Americans
Chimpanzees Can Play Video Games Better Than Kindergartners
Virginia KKK insists: We are not the 'enemies of the colored and mongrel races'
Colorado man may sue rescuers who saved his life for $500,000
$20 GEMSTONE unlocks WET SPOTS deep down below
Florida man accused of shooting movie-goer for texting sent text moments before.
Police: Parents overdosed on heroin at McDonald's
Police shut A66 dual carriageway to hunt for man's PENIS
Road closed due to severed penis.
SEE IT: Cyclist confronts driver who drove too close, who blames dying parrot in his shirt
Woman dodges £500 fine by claiming her boobs were too BIG for seatbelt
Friends Kept Apart by Winter Finally Reunite for Brunch
Road closed - penis missing: Police shut dual carriageway to hunt for man's manhood after he was found severely injured nearby
Police close main road to hunt for missing severed penis
'Heil Hitler' salute at Florida board meeting draws criticism
Cat holds Family hostage - the 911 call
Russian Lawmaker Wants to Abolish the Letter 'ы' - says that the "nasty Asiatic" vowel is hurting Russia's image in Europe
Murderer Who Fed His Chopped-Up Girlfriend To His Dogs Signs for Brazilian Football Club
LeBron James, Samsung pitchman, told 12 million people his phone crashed
Middlesbrough penis attack: Arrest after man found at side of A66 with penis chopped off
English road closed due to search of man's penis
'Dead' Mississippi man who kicked out of body bag has died
Ex-Cop Who Shot Man in Movie Theater for Texting Was Also Texting
[x-post from /r/news] 'Daily Show' Exposes $172 Million in Federal Penis Pump Spending
Pug picks fight with police dog in the middle of stand-off with suspected armed robber
Laura Cunliffe jailed for microwaving pet kitten
Healthcare.gov gets traffic boost after Obama's 'Funny or Die' video
Why You Shouldn't Tip (At All)
Colorado Man Could Sue Divers Who Saved Him From Submerged Car
'Devil made me do it' defense fails for man convicted of killing brother
US government has spent 172 million dollars on penis pumps
Devotees of a dead guru in India have told the BBC they put his body in a freezer to preserve him as they believe he will return to life to lead them.
Dead Indian guru frozen by devotees
Vampire-fanged truck driver accused of keeping sex slaves in semi trailer
Markham black bear revealed to be 150-pound dog
'Daily Show' Exposes $172 Million in Federal Penis Pump Spending
Police close off British main road to search for a man's lost penis
Fart causes MMA fighter to tap out, vomit
Spider-Man and sidekick rob Florida 7-Eleven
Florida man claims he's too obese to serve prison sentence
Werewolf enthusiast, 44, 'groomed teenage girls to join his slayer covenant'
Couple Sleeping In Dumpster Tossed In Garbage Truck
British teen refused sale of teaspoons for being under 18 years of age.
Toluca Head Coach Accuses San Jose of Being Tall
Samsung promoter LeBron James tweets phone crash, HTC suggests a brand change
Immigration officer traded citizenship for 200 egg rolls
Area Teen Says She 'Will Die' If She Has to Wake Up Any Earlier for School
Ben Carson: America's now 'very much like Nazi Germany'
New Dating Site Is Indistinguishable From Prostitution
Tim Berners-Lee on creating the web: 'I never expected all these cats'
Get hold of the reimbursement you deserve with these Law firms
'Dead' Mississippi man who awoke in body bag two weeks ago dies for real
Facebook CEO Zuckerberg phoned Obama to complain about spying
Connecticut reverend reportedly confesses sin, begs forgiveness, drops dead
Man found on road with penis cut off
'Sondance the Clown' sent to prison for child porn.
Ex-cop who 'killed man over text' was also texting
Werewolf enthusiast, 44, 'groomed 14-year-old girl for sex and went on the run after recruiting teens online to join his fantasy weapon games'
Oklahoma news channel "accidentally" cuts Cosmos' mention of evolution
Mark Zuckerberg calls Obama to complain about NSA
House Passes Enforce the Law Act
iPhone saves soldier's life in Afghanistan bombing
HTC phone STOPS BULLET, saves Florida gas station clerk's life
Facebook head complains to Obama over privacy
Evangelical Homophobe Running for Student Union Equality Officer at an Irish University
Guy Everyone Thought Was Dead Now Dead
Leading Iranian cleric claims Einstein was a Shiite Muslim
Creationist Group Answers in Genesis Says 'Cosmos' TV Series Promotes 'Blind Faith' in Evolution
Firefighter sets own car on fire
Mark Zuckerberg calls Obama to complain about NSA [xpost worldnews]
Malaysians turn to magic to find missing plane
Electronic Headband Prevents Migraines With Tiny Jolts
We treat him like he's mad, but Vladimir Putin's popularity has just hit a 3-year high
Utah man indicted in theft of dinosaur footprint
Mississippi man who awoke in body bag dies two weeks later
Frat Bros Arrested After Breaking Into Sea World to Steal Ice Cream, Take Selfies with Shamu.
Romania to Sue Queen's University for use of "Tricolour"
Hunt for missing penis sees police in Middlesbrough close dual carriageway
Pastor dies during "confession"
New Report Finds You'll Never Own a Home in San Francisco
Chinese woman chops off alleged rapist's penis and beats him to death with a hammer
Apple Launches New App Store Section Dedicated Just To Apps Made For Taking Selfies
Wrestling Midgets Killed By Fake Hookers (Forgive me if this is a repost, I'm new to this subreddit)
Malaysia flight MH370: Pitbull song lyrics bear uncanny resemblance to missing plane mystery
Saudi Arabia bans anyone from naming their children Linda
Woman's life saved by pizza only diet
Senior dog devastated after owner surrenders him to get a new 'younger' dog
Lindsey Graham Challenger Calls Senator 'Ambiguously Gay'
Curtis Reeves Sent Text Message Before Shooting Fellow Theatergoer for Texting
With satellites unsuccessful in plane search, Malaysian shaman tries coconuts
Miley Cyrus Played Dallas Last Night, Really Needs to Calm Down About Her Vagina
George Zimmerman Wants To Be A Civil Rights Attorney. Let That Sink In.
Man who wakes up in body bag now dead
Vampire-fanged trucker kept women as sex slaves in 'Twilight Express' truck, feds say
Dead Indian guru 'meditating' in freezer
Model Sues Playboy, Morning Show Host For Hitting Her In Butt With Golf Club
Malaysia hires witch doctor to find missing plane
Woman Finds Lizard Head, Arm in Kale Salad
Man Who Accidentally Shot Himself Is Suing City
Man who touched woman 'was trying to be nice', Abu Dhabi court hears
Judge: Married Women Can't Divorce In Alabama
Man Offers to Shoot Someone for 100 Retweets, Is Promptly Arrested
Ballots for the referendum in Crimea have pro-russian choice already printed on them.
Communism Is the Goal at a Commune, but Chinese Officials Are Not Impressed
Communism Is the Goal at a Commune, but Chinese Officials Are Not Impressed - NYTimes.com
Red light camera at Florida hospital ticketing those seeking emergency help
Worker dies Sunday after falling off Sunshine Bridge
Harry Reid Blames Ukraine Standoff on Koch Brothers
Creationists Attack Neil deGrasse Tyson for Blind Faith in Science
Tesco refuses to sell Liam Whelan, 16, teaspoons
Disney slammed for 'homosexual' and 'bestiality' agenda in Frozen
Teen forced into 'walk of shame' after Tesco refuse to sell him teaspoons
Inventor of World Wide Web Surprised To Find Kittens Took It Over
Max Clifford showed model his penis and said 'isn't it tiny?', court hears | UK news
Bill Clinton's photo with Bunny Ranch prostitutes results in different stories
Interior Ministry bans 51 baby names
About 14 percent of pimps buy condoms for their employees, per survey
Fatwa prohibits 'All You Can Eat' offers
17 die in trio of Thai army helicopter crashes
My Vagina Doesn't Smell Like Shame
World's first solar-powered toilet set for launch in India
Pool pee isn't just gross-it's also harming swimmers
Australians throw grilled cheese sandwiches out the window, "invent new kind of restaurant"
Biden jokes presidential run would be bad for his golf game
Elephant smashes house, then saves crying baby
SWT trains more suitable for 'armless monopods' than humans
Apple's ludicrous demand in next trial: Samsung must pay $40 per smartphone
Pastor collapses, dies, after admitting adultery
Man is rescued from submerged car, thanks "grace" for being saved, then sues first responders.
25¢ crack pipe vending machines aim to lower HIV rates in Canada
Man Saved From Submerged Car Credits God's Grace For the Rescue... and Prepares to Sue His First Responders
Watching UFC fights with poets
General Assembly OKs guns in school parking lots
Saudi Cleric Issues Fatwa Against All-You-Can-Eat Buffets
HTC One 2014 forgets it's not official yet, hits eBay
S.C. day care worker hid 14 children in basement, had loaded gun within reach: cops
Apple rejects Tank Battle 1942 for depicting Germans & Russians as "enemies"
Nepal to force Everest climbers to collect rubbish
Man asks for nude massage, changes mind, runs away
LeBron James to Promote Affordable Care Act at President Obama's Request
Beyond the Pale: The 'White Man March' Is Coming to New York
Colin Powell: I Was Doing Selfies Way Before They Were Cool
SHOCKING: Netherlands Prime Minister Uses BICYCLE to work in the Hague, no convoys, no chase car, zero, just a bicycle
Man Conceived At Des Plaines Oasis Stages One-Man Protest Of Closure
Lady Gaga gets puked on at SXSW
Now Available on Steam - Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing Family Edition
Are our children at risk of Satanic pedophile rings?
Pastor Dies As Congregation Yells At Him Over His Infidelity
Family eats steak laced with LSD, comes home with new baby brother...
Government approves adult toy store to accept EBT
Burglar bloodies himself breaking in, eats entire pie.
California BMX bikers apologize for doing tricks over homeless people
Lawyers Insist PR Guru Has 'Average Sized' Penis
KISS mask vandals trash dozens of cars, Saddle Brook police say
Boy, 7, calls 911 after mom says no to Oreos.
Police Reportedly Close Motorway To Search For Man's Missing Penis
Two Weeks After Waking Up In Body Bag, Man Dies
NSA masquerades as Facebook to infect millions of computers
LAPD: Man who threatened to shoot someone for 100 retweets arrested
Lady Gaga Let Herself Get Puked On At SXSW Doritos Concert
Charles Barkley Falls Asleep On Air | Inside The NBA TNT
Charles Barkley Is Forced To Watch The Lakers, Nearly Falls Asleep On Air
Brazilian murderer freed so he can play in World Cup
Brazilian murderer freed to play in World Cup
Navy warship accidentally fires torpedo at nuclear dockyard
Lady Gaga at SXSW: sausages, vomit and inspiration
Hawaii tries to ban eating cats and dogs
Conn. Pastor Admits Affair, Drops Dead - Bishop Bobby Davis collapsed as parishioner shouted
Ford Nation decides to launch vicious attack on new political target - Hollywood's Kevin Spacey
Model sues Playboy for golf stunt gone very wrong
Man brings 40 bags of heroin to Atlantic County court hearing, police say.
Lady Gaga Gets Puked on in Concert, Wears Coffee Filter Dress Because She Feels Fat
Murderer in Brazil freed from prison so that he can play in the World Cup.
Sea King-replacement not sea-salt resistant
Watch Lady Gaga get doused in neon vomit while riding a mechanical pig at SXSW, brought to you by Doritos
MTV Movie Awards asks whether 12 Years A Slave is really better than The Hunger Games
Prisoners 'could serve 1,000 year sentence in eight hours'
Pinkberry co-founder gets 7 years for beating homeless man for his tattoo
Public website set up by infant trafficking ring: "We always have babies available to provide to you. Contact us if you need a baby."
Kristin Cavallari: 'I've Read Too Many Books' To Vaccinate My Child
Russian News: 60 lions are forming "self-defense" unit to defend Crimea from Kiev radicals
Russian diplomat stabbed in Ottawa, naked military man found in bed
Decision 2014 in small town America: Lady Sheriff or Drunk Driving Sheriff?
Miley Cyrus' tongue hits someone. She is now getting sued. Seriously
Obama gets advance copies of 'Game of Thrones'
CNN Becomes Your One-Stop Shop for Malaysian Airline Speculation
Obama wants people to quit bashing his jeans
Obama's Plan to Pay People Enough to Eat Stirs Controversy
You Can Fix A MacBook By Baking It In An Oven Like A Pie
Police close dual carriageway in search for mans penis
Strangers often stop to ask Bob Seeman why he wears a padded glove on his left hand.
Anti-Muslim bigots freak out when Texas TV station warns of oncoming haboob
Um...So Michael Bay Is Remaking Alfred Hitchcock's 'The Birds'
George Lucas Tells Filmmakers "Don't Forget The Basics, Don't Get Enamored With New Technology"
Florida cinema shooting: Man who killed texter had been texting, too
Houston dad shoots, kills boy found inside daughter's bedroom.
Israel's Orthodox Ravers Are On A Holy Mission To Dance
Lady Gaga gets puked on as Willie Nelson sails the Whiskey River at SXSW
$600,000 stolen from Joel Osteen's megachurch
ABC news does some hard hitting news like teens accidentally sending texts about her virginity to her father. "This story isnt over", says journalist.
Itching for a selfie? Group selfies can lead to lice infestation
Pikachu Named Japan's Official Mascot In Brazil 2014 World Cup
Won't marry till I pass tenth grade exam, says 80-year-old who failed 44 times
Obama's 'Between Two Ferns' Appearance Upset Older Americans, Republicans
no win no fee
Somali Suicide Bomber Kills Self
Man Slapped With 2 DUIs In 1 Night At Same McDonald's
Man gets 2 DWIs in 1 night at the same McDonald's
School Bans Bullied Boy from Wearing his 'My Little Pony' Bag
Russia claims to have downed U.S. drone over Crimea region
800-year-old monk found poking out of cliff face
Brewers pitcher Francisco Rodriguez injures himself by stepping on a cactus
U.S. Considers Demolishing Its Vehicles in Afghanistan
Model sues 'Playboy' when 'golf tee in butt' stunt goes awry
Policemen act gallantly even when man smears them with human waste
Tea Party Candidate Gets Turned Away By The GOP For Spreading Racist Views
Five-second food rule has some merit, new study says
God Strikes Pastor Dead in Church in the Middle of His Infidelity Confession
Wyoming welder faces $75,000 a day in EPA fines for building pond on his property
Murderer 'who fed girlfriend to dogs' allowed work release to play football
Man Googles himself, finds he's among 'Most Wanted,' promptly surrenders
Houston Man Accused Of Trying To Run Over Triple Amputee Security Guard
Triple amputee nearly run over while working as security guard
Racist Texans Lose Their Shit Over Muslim Dust Storm
Christian Anti-Masturbation Video Encourages You to Lend a Hand
Nelly's "Hot in Herre" playing on San Francisco Radio Station Latino Mix 105.7 for 18 hours and counting.
This week a do-nothing Congress did something
Boy reportedly told not to wear My Little Pony backpack to class. "It's a trigger for bullying"
NSA Denies Everything About Latest Intercept Leak, Including Denying Something That Was Never Claimed
Bay Area Latino radio station won't stop playing Nelly's 'Hot in Herre'
Someone Rigged 11 Secret Cameras To Watch This Woman Inside Her Apartment
Playboy Model Liz Dickson Sues Magazine After 'Golf Tee In Butt' Stunt Goes Wrong
Schoolboy forces Tesco to change ungrammatical packaging
Tea Partyer Dwayne Stovall says Mitch McConnell looks like a turtle
Miley Cyrus' Tongue Slide Leads to Lawsuit
NYPD counsel doubles down, rules freedom of information manual is confidential
Rival abortionist calls Planned Parenthood 'the Walmart of abortion clinics'
Ukraine Deploys Gay Men to Scare Off Russians
Florida Man Kills Boss Because He Took a Photo of Him Without Permission: Deputies
Al Qaeda to Launch English-Language Magazine
Biotechnology could extend criminals' lives to make punishment last HUNDREDS of years
About 280 people ticketed, as officers crack down on police-brutality protest
Pug starts a fight with a police dog during a 4-hour standoff
Pikachu Named Mascot of the 2014 World Cup
Two Fires Strike One Family
14 Caribbean Nations Sue Former Colonizers for Slave Trade
Sugar or Pot-Which Is More Dangerous?
Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers head facing jail time over eating evidence in court
Model Liz Dickson suing Playboy magazine for letting golfer tee up on her butt
Zuckerberg: I Just Called Obama To Say How Mad I Am About The NSA
This Radio Station Has Been Playing Nelly's 'Hot in Herre' for 20 Straight Hours
Bay Area radio station playing 'Hot in Herre' by Nelly over and over
Radio Station Plays "Hot in Herre"- For Entire Day
Anti-police brutality march declared illegal, broken up
Real life Walter White?
Do 'selfies' spread head lice?
Tupac Smashes 14 Police Cars With a Hammer
Pinkberry Co-founder Sentenced to 7 Years in Prison for Beating Homeless Man with Tire Iron
Target Apologizes for 'Thigh Gap' Photoshop Fail
Four hours' sex in men's ideal day
Japanese Transparent Toilet Doubted
'Missing' Woman Accidentally Joins Search Party For Herself : Political Blind Spot
Man Changes His Mind About Purchased Naked Massage And Flees
Hundreds Drop Resumes at Colorado's First Cannabis Career Fair
Goodyear Unveils Bigger, Faster Blimp
No Concerns With These Do-It-On your own Home Improvement Recommendations!
Twix lover Robert McKevitt fired for allegedly attacking vending machine with forklift
Southend Student Emerges from Coma with 'Psychic Powers'
Ugly shoes stomp past competition to become season's must-have footwear
Paris bans half of all cars from the road over pollution fears
Putin voices concern over tensions in south, southeast Ukraine
Man with famous name gives nearly $24M in bid to battle rhino poaching
Upstate NY girl, 5, spends day at wrong school
Billy Graham's Son: Obama Could Learn from Putin's Homophobia
Florida Man Facing Two Weeks in Jail for Eating Anonymous Tip
NASA-Backed Study Says Humanity Is Pretty Much Screwed
NY Man Charged With Manslaughter After Defending Home From 5 Armed Robbers - [2:16]
Opera Based on Life of Apple Founder Steve Jobs Opens in France
Girl Scouts stop supermarket thieves
Study: Yes, yawning is contagious, but reasons unclear
Latvians honor Nazi allies from World War II
A Brief History of Pizza in Space
Apple Beats Samsung as Favorite Brand in Emerging Markets, Even Though They Can't Afford It
Professor cooks up recipe for turning wood chips into food
Wall Street Makes More in Bonuses Than Every American Combined Working on Minimum Wage
Newly Discovered Piece Of Cheese Is Older Than Jesus
Merkel fury after Gerhard Schroeder backs Putin on Ukraine
Man with 132-pound scrotum dies in Las Vegas hospital
Scientists Discover New State of Matter in Chicken Eyes
American law schools are paying many of their graduates' salaries
For March Madness fans, vasectomy timing is everything
SWAT Team Raids Organic Farm, Confiscates Blueberries
YouTube users link rapper Pitbull's lyrics to missing Malaysia jet
100 Year Old Saudi Beggar Dies Leaving Million Dollar Fortune
132-Pound Scrotum Guy, Dead At 49
'132 Lb. Scrotum' Star Dead at 49
Missing Woman Unwittingly Joins Search Party for Herself [repost]
Illinois man chains himself to Tollway Oasis where he was conceived to protest demolition
Police: Intruder Shoots And Injures Himself
Neil deGrasse Tyson Is Happy to Be a Nerd Sex Symbol
Apple adds 'Sharing Selfies' section to iOS App Store
McCain: 'Russia is a gas station masquerading as a country'
Fears missing Malaysia Airways jet was 'hijacked by hackers using mobile phone'
Wyoming GOP lawmaker: Promiscuous gays weaponizing AIDS for a 'national suicide'
SeaWorld's Chlorine Affects Orcas - And Trainers
'Selfies' causing head lice outbreak among teens
Woman assaulted for wearing Google Glass, calls it a 'hate crime'
A female pilot named Amelia Earhart is going to fly around the world
Professional basketball team (Minnesota Timberwolves) has team challenge... To get the highest score in Flappy Bird.
Malaysians try 'magic' to find missing plane
Franklin Graham Thinks Putin's Stance On Gay Rights Is Better Than Obama's
Modern Society Pretty Much Doomed
Formula One cars not loud enough, says Australian Grand Prix organiser
Man sues ex-wife for having ugly children
Major 'third-hand smoke' compound causes DNA damage
Man in court for egg breaking and entering
March against police brutality declared illegal, broken up.
A San Francisco Radio Station Has Been Playing Nelly's "Hot in Herre" for 18 Straight Hours
Woman Calls 911 to Report Stolen Marijuana
Google Glass's battery is lousy on purpose, says Google man
What a Turnout! 123% of Sevastopol, Crimea Voted for Merger With Mother Russia
Wayne Knight Did Not Die, According To Wayne Knight.
Police kick door down, confiscate cannabis plants and leave 'friendly' message asking homeowner to get in touch
A woman named Amelia Earhart is going to fly around the world
Texans Attack 'Muslim Weather'
'Diaper Boy' to go free after court reverses felony charges
NEW YORK POLICE DEPARTMENT SAYS ITS FREEDOM OF INFORMATION LAW MANUAL IS CONFIDENTIAL
Fox Contributor Breaks Ranks, Admits to Watching CNN for Breaking News
Ex-GOP Chairman is Furious Over Saving $12,000 With Obamacare
Police: Woman stabbed husband for 'worshiping NASCAR' | News
How a young Rockefeller died at the hands of cannibals
Feminist Bloggers Say Famous Navy Kiss Photo is Sexual Assault
New video shows Toronto Mayor Rob Ford stumbling, swearing outside city hall
LAPD reminds people not to report earthquakes via 911
White Man March Happens, Nobody Cares
Negotiating While Female: Sometimes It Does Hurt to Ask
Elementary school lunch lady taken to jail for paying kids $1 to beat up classmate
Worldwide 'White Man March' draws 10 people and 'Diversity = White Genocide' signs
Ex-Westboro Baptist Church Leader Fred Phelps is Finally Dying
Thousands of beers seized from home
Pikachu is Japan's official mascot for the FIFA 2014 World Cup in Brazil
The monocle returns as a fashion statement.
South Dakota Lawmaker Says Businesses Should Be Able To Turn Away African-Americans
Jim Harbaugh Does Push-ups with a Walrus
If you pay $150 to jack off in a lab, you're gonna feel awkward
ThinkProgress: Obamas 'are all of our parents now'
CNN Uses Toy Plane To Analyze Missing Malaysia Flight
Can Hipster Glasses Save the GOP?
Foreskin activists to protest TED talk by Bill and Melinda Gates in Vancouver
Westboro Baptist Church To Protest Fred Phelps' Funeral, Says Daughter
FAA orders Nationals to stop flying drone at spring training
CNN Asks Whether Maybe God Stole Flight 370
Suspect Sought After SC Man Attacked for Belching
Missing Plane: No Pilot Suicide Notes Found
Man Comes Home to 'XXX Freak Fest' Orgy After Renting His NYC Apartment on Airbnb
New York Times Issues St. Patrick's Day Correction After Confusing Snakes For Slaves
2 Canadians arrested for taking naked photos at Machu Picchu
George Zimmerman Admits Dream of Someday Becoming a Civil Rights or Defense Attorney
Airbnb renter uses apartment for BBW sex party
Man calls escort, turns out it's his son's bride-to-be.
Reporter Loses Her Job for Staying Honest
Too Big For Prison? Man Claims He Can't Go To Prison Because He Is Too Obese
Courtney Love Thinks She May Have Found Missing Malaysian Plane
Airbnb renter returns to 'overweight orgy'
Girl allows rodent to live in her hair
NFL Now Wants M.I.A. to Pay $16.6 Million Over Super Bowl Middle Finger
Guinness pulls out of St. Patrick's Day parade
Courtney Love thinks she's located Malaysian plane wreckage in satellite image
Man piggybacks town on huge hog
Rolando Lozano, Suspect, Caught 15 Minutes After Commenting 'Catch Me If U Can' On Police Facebook
Iran buys kamikaze dolphins
Chris Pine Looks Hot During DUI Appearance, Poses for Pics With Fans Outside New Zealand Court
Dyson issues recall after bladeless heater starts a few 'contained' fires
NFL now demands $16.6 million over M.I.A.'s Super Bowl middle finger
Members of AFI forget they were once in a straight-edge hardcore band, form a new one
School bans boy from wearing *My Little Pony* backpack; says it is "a trigger for bullying"
Boy told not to wear My Little Pony backpack to school; administration calls it "a target for bullying"
Courtney Love Thinks She Found Missing Flight 370
VIDEO: Kentucky man goes to doctor for circumcision and his whole penis is removed
Police: Woman drives through church, stabs husband on altar, blames 'devil'
What Do Jay Z And Shakespeare Have In Common? Swagger
Arizona man high on 'shrooms seeks help from police, says 'just kidding,' punches cop in face
Pakistan, India, Taliban say know nothing about missing plane
Courtney Love thinks she's found Malaysia Airlines flight 370
Dyslexic Saudi cleric issues fatwa against women showing their faeces in public
Japan unveils its official mascot for the World Cup: Pikachu
Bill Gates: Yes, robots really are about to take your jobs
Courtney Love claims to have found missing plane
Thief stuffs 20 sheep into Toyota Tazz
Little Dog Harasses Cops During Standoff (VIDEO)
Voracious Worm Evolves to Eat Biotech Corn Engineered to Kill It
Jews love Jerusalem more than we do, Islamic Jihad head complains in Iran Jews love Jerusalem more than we do, Islamic Jihad head complains in Iran (x-post from r/Judaism)
Russia proposes creating international 'support group' to resolve Ukrainian crisis
Too Much Stress Means Science Must be Stopped
Family seeks help for girl born with no brain | Fox 59 News
Jews love Jerusalem more than we do, Islamic Jihad head complains in Iran
Father Sentenced To Jail After Overpaying Child Support & Visiting Too Often
Taliban denies MH370 involvement; "We wish we had an opportunity to hijack such a plane," commander says.
Fox News Pundit Admits She Watches CNN 'If I Want To Know About News'
Convicted fisherman technically not allowed in own backyard
Fox News Contributor Reveals She Gets Her News From CNN
Russian Deputy PM Laughs at Obama's Sanctions
Can a chocolate pill help prevent heart attacks?
Man Who Rented His Home On Airbnb Returns To an Orgy featuring plus-size women and beat up stuffed animals
Huge Money Stolen From MegaChurch, But That's Not The OMG Moment
Diego Sanchez Blames UFC 171 Loss On Bad Steak Tartare
Airbnb XXX Freak Fest: New York City apartment used to host orgy, comedian tenant not invited
Woman Hit By Car Driven By Chihuahua
Man arrested after fake crack cocaine found to be 'Scentsy'
Fracking California's Coast: Billions of Gallons of Fracking Pollution Legalized By Feds
Nan jailed for selling speed to housewives over cup of tea
Billions of Gallons of Fracking Pollution Legalized By Feds
Malays more offended by rape.
Japan completes research, discovers tastiest whale.
Scientists Discover New, Strange State of Matter in Chickens' Eyes
"Cargo included 3-4 tonnes of mangosteens" was Malaysia Airline's CEO's response when asked about hazardous cargo onboard MH370
Grandmother jailed for selling speed to housewives over a cup of tea
Missing Malaysia Airlines jet: 'We wish we had an opportunity to hijack such a plane,' says Pakistani Taliban commander
Mitch McConnell Freaks Out and Calls The Police on Reporter Who He Feared Questions From
Avril Lavigne, Jim Carrey ranked most famous Canadians by MIT
cricket player suspended for drawing a dick on the pitch (x-post /r/cricket)
Man killed in argument over '300' sequel
Texas Man Killed Following Argument About "300: Rise of an Empire"
Drug police charge Russian theaters for screening Scorsese movie
Windows Phone outsells the iPhone in Romania
Wyoming legislator defends book saying gays were using AIDS as a weapon against straights
Cunty, Cuntish, Cunted and Cunting Added to Oxford English Dictionary
Shocking racist tweets follow high school basketball win by all-white team
Police seek Amish buggy in Pa. hit-and-run
Fred Phelps Reportedly Ousted For Advocating 'Kinder' Westboro Baptist Church
Australian "shark attack" girl actually nibbled by mackerel
Sketch of Gainesville urinator released
Companies brace for time lost on NCAA brackets
Flight MH370 questions banned at Lost reunion
O'Doul's non-alcoholic beer given to elementary students for history lesson
Justin Bieber Drops $75K In Miami Strip Club As Police Deny His Home Is A Drugs Den Read more at http://www.inquisitr.com/1103036/justin-bieber-drops-75k-miami-strip-club-police-deny-home-is-drugs-den/#Ur5O1UcAuplj64Wy.99
Man trying to turn himself in can't find way into jail, deputies report
Man Attacked for Burping at Taco Bell
'Adele songs make you gay,' says Texan doctor
New York Police Won't Release Freedom of Information Handbook, Claiming It's Not Covered by Freedom of Information Law
Fred Phelps Was Reportedly Excommunicated From Westboro Baptist Church For Advocating A 'Kinder Approach'
Sushi chef makes miniature sushi with a single grain of rice
Breast Cancer Survivor Told To Remove Pink Ribbon In Home
Severed penis victim 'too distressed' to speak to police
'Adele songs make you gay,' says Texan doctor on Dr Christian Jessen show
General Mills Turns To 'Raja Of The Country Of World Peace' To Certify Its Costlier, Non-GMO Cheerios
Man Who Rented His Home On Airbnb Returns To Find An Orgy
Selfies Causing an Outbreak of Head Lice in Teens
Foreskin activists want Bill Gates to cut circumcision funding
There Is an Official Leprechaun Colony in Portland
Ministers admit defeat in battle against grey squirrels
Gender-specific books demean all our children. So the Independent on Sunday will no longer review anything marketed to exclude either sex
A UFO Pleasure Cult Is Fixing Vaginas in Africa
Courtney Love joins search for missing Malaysia Airlines plane, posts findings on Facebook
Lux The Cat, Who Trapped Owners In Bedroom, Taken To Animal Shelter
Vladimir Putin's top aide mocks US sanctions: 'The only thing that interests me about the US is Tupac, and I don't need a visa' for that
Cat that held Oregon family hostage taken to shelter
Police: Man attacked for belching at Taco Bell
Hull harbor harbors holed hull.
Swarm of Bees Delays Yankees-Red Sox Game
Woman sets man's car on fire after he refused to buy her a McFlurry
Pope joins bestseller list as faithful flock to buy book
Wife crashes into church, stabs husband, angry over NASCAR 'worshipping,' police say
Subway worker caught using bread oven to dry wet socks, gloves.
Arizona Diamondbacks to sell $25 corn dog
My High School No Longer Holds Dances Because Students Would Rather Stay Home And Text Each Other
Australian bowler Daniel Worrall punished for defacing pitch
Red Sox-Yankees delayed by bees
In 'time out' from civil war, Syria creates space agency
Angry oenophile grounds flight, throws gang signs for Jesus
Denver News Station Accidentally Puts A Big Ol' Penis On The Air
Denver Station Apologizes for Showing Penis During Morning Show
Study Says Robots Can Pressure Humans To Do Things Against Their Will
Islamic teacher who sexually abused 11 year old girl spared jail time because his wife doesn't speak English
High school senior jailed, kicked out of school and may lose Army dream because of pocket knife in car
U.S. Freezes Putin's Netflix Account
Vladimir Putin's top aide Vladislav Surkov mocks US sanctions: 'The only thing that interests me about the US is Tupac, and I don't need a visa' for that.
Vladimir Putin Aide Mocks Crimea Sanctions, Saying Tupac Shakur Is The Only Interesting Thing About The US
'The only things that interest me in the U.S. are 2Pac and Ginsberg': Kremlin's comedians attack West's sanctions
'I don't need a visa to hear Tupac': Russians mock sanctions
Kansas dealer turns labor protest into free advertising
Arkansas Meth Lab to be Featured in Architectural Digest
Putin: West 'Has Crossed A Line On Crimea'
Suicidal man saves drowning man
Gainesville's Urinating Man Strikes Again
Man sentenced for throwing lettuce at mum
Putin also declares Hawaii a part of Russia
Dead seal with sign found outside Providence home
Former North Dakota Attorney General who sued for alleged age bias is found dead
Courtney Love claims she may have found flight MH370
U.S. Freezes Putin's Netflix Account : The New Yorker
Courtney Love Thinks She May Have Found Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370
George R.R. Martin has a shifty plan to keep HBO's Game Of Thrones from catching up to him
Vladimir Putin aide laughs off sanctions as he doesn't need a visa to listen to Tupac Shakur
Woman crashes car into a church and stabs her husband because he was "worshipping a NASCAR race."
Teens Say They Don't Text Or Drink While Driving, Kinda
Glenn Beck Expresses Solidarity with 9-Year-Old Boy Bullied for Liking My Little Pony
Firefox 28 released: Windows 8 Metro version removed at the last moment because it only had 1,000 users
Garfield stuffed animal hanging from rearview mirror in N.J. pedestrian crash leads to $473K jury verdict
TURKEY: under Ottoman Empire treaty with Catherine the Great if Crimea declares independence it returns to Turkey
Government Bravely Prosecutes Nun for Embarrassing It
White House pastry chef resigns, says he won't 'demonize cream'
Max Clifford jury told to 'settle down' after laughing at penis size evidence
Satanic Temple leader Lucien Greaves can't wait to turn Fred Phelps gay in the afterlife
Westboro Baptist Leader Dying, Relatives Ask for People to Not Protest his Funeral
Lucien Greaves, Satanic Temple Spokesperson, Claims He Will Turn Fred Phelps Gay After Death
Student Breaks 19th Century Greco-Roman Statue While Taking a Selfie
US Freezes Putins Netflix Account
Michigan teacher gives fifth grade students O'Doul's non-alcoholic beer
Thailand's military said that its radar detected a plane that may have been Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 just minutes after the jetliner's communications went down, and that it didn't share the information with Malaysia earlier because it wasn't specifically asked for it.
New Jersey man shows up to court with 43 bags of heroin
Paris orders drivers with even number plates off the road
Malaysian plane mystery copies comic story of hijacked jet which landed on remote island | Latest News | Latest Breaking News
Brooklyn men sue NYPD cops for trying to take their White Castle sliders and getting arrested when they refused
Mattress used to break fall of toddler from third-story window
English Idiots Hold Annual Stinging-Nettle Eating Contest
Cops: Taco Bell Diner Assaulted For Burping Inside South Carolina Eatery
Student Destroys 19th Century Statue While Taking a Selfie
Saudi cleric issues religious edict banning against all-you-can-eat buffets
Saudi cleric 'issues religious edict banning all-you-can-eat buffets'
Bristol man gets revenge by texting works of Shakespeare to rogue internet seller
Police: Binghamton Woman Said Rabbit Ate Check
Gay 'cure' doctor: Men should avoid listening to Adele if they 'want to stay straight'
Did Courtney Love find lost Malaysian plane?
May he never disappear: Lawyer-to-be Habeas M. Corpuz passes the bar exam
Satanist church vows to turn WBC leader Fred Phelps gay in the afterlife.
Colombian vice-president rejects Brazil job because 'dog would not adapt'
100 serial rapists identified after Detroit finally processes untested rape kits
Teen boy given up by adoptive parents for being gay in Italy
Secretary Kerry: U.S. To Send Scientists To Discuss Homosexuality With Ugandan President
John Kerry To Send Homosexuality 'Experts' To Tackle Uganda Anti-Gay Law
US to send scientific experts to Uganda to discuss homosexuals and the country's anti-gay law
13-Yr-Old Boy Kills Father After Refusing to Let Him Get 'Boosie Fade'
'I don't need a visa to hear Tupac': Russians mock sanctions - Channel 4 News
Most Expensive Tweet Ever Sends $11,000 To Kenyan Water Charity Via Dogecoin
Satanists Are Going to Turn Fred Phelps Gay When He Dies
Cricketer Daniel Worrall suspended for scratching image of penis and testicles into pitch
Queens man who gave $70,000 to man he met on OkCupid.com suing dating site for failing to warn him about dangers of online dating
Norridgewock man with gun tattoo wakes up to armed police
Satanists Announce Plans To Turn Fred Phelps Gay In The Afterlife
Kremlin Henchman: The Only Thing I Like About America is Tupac (And Sanctions Won't Keep Me From Listening)
We were treated like pigs -NIS applicants
News Station Accidentally Airs Penis Pic Amid Crash Coverage
Utah 'goblin topplers' sentenced to probation
Bill Gates TED Vancouver Talk To See Protest By Foreskin Advocates
Palestinians ordered to pay Israel to demolish their own homes
Little Rock (AR) Hillcrest residents concerned over leaning tree
Idiot man detained in Beijing Int'l Airport after saying 'I have a bomb in my ass'
'God's Not Dead' actor Kevin Sorbo: Bill Maher just mad at God because he is lonely
Non-Malays more accepting of child rape, says deputy home minister
EXPERT: 'There's A Real Possibility Putin Doesn't See A Peaceful Way Out Of This'
GOP Lawmaker Says Businesses Should Be Allowed To Deny Services To Black People
Fugitive in Spring Hill slips up, answers to real name
GOP lawmaker: Businesses should be able to deny service to blacks
Pakistani militant kills self, family in DIY bomb accident
AirBNB apartment advertised for "XXX Freakfest" chubby chaser orgy [w/ video]
Malaysia missing plane: Armchair aeroplane hunters head online
The Town That Turned Poverty Into a Prison Sentence
AirBNB apartment advertised for "XXX Freakfest" orgy
Quadruple amputee's victim speaks out about horrifying attack - See more at: http://www.clydebankpost.co.uk/news/roundup/articles/2014/03/19/492118-quadruple-amputees-victim-speaks-out-about-horrifying-attack/#sthash.Hj1VazPK.dpuf
Girl Sets Boyfriend's Car On Fire Because He Didn't Buy Her A McFlurry
Quadruple amputee's victim speaks out about horrifying attack
Revenge: Man Texts 19 Full Shakespeare Plays To The Fraudster Who Stole His PS3
Elderly Chongqing man rides hogzilla through town, becomes famous
Subaru lifts an Impreza in an apparent effort to steal sales from itself.
Man tries to pay at Applebee's with 1 trillion dollar bill, fails
Syria Creates Own Space Agency
Ralph Reed: Making divorce harder for women is a 'better solution' than food stamps
Gym tells woman she's intimidating guests with 'toned body'
Man tries to pay Applebee's tab with $1 trillion bill - wistv.com
Kentucky Senate OKs Bill Allowing Rand Paul to Run for President and U.S. Senate at the Same Time
Non-vaccinating mother prefers immunity through disease exposure
Teenager expelled from school after organising mass-walkout over LACK of homework
Knoxville man robbed after bragging about lottery winnings on Facebook
The NSA Says its Water Bill Should be Top Secret
DC Abortion Fund Offers Coat-Hanger Pendant for Donors
Man stages protest to prevent closure of the rest stop where he was conceived after Phil Collins concert
Husband locks wife in shed because she won't stop shouting "ding dong the witch is dead" when his mother dies.
Meet Cloak, the 'antisocial' network that helps you avoid people
Putin's aide Surkov considers his inclusion in US black list equal to Osсar award
Former Pittsburgh Mayor Luke Ravenstahl took his computer home, returned it later
Balloons Kill Children, Your Kids Are Not Safe
Max Clifford penis size evidence sees trial jury sent out for laughing
Night with psychic at Darwen Theatre is cancelled due to 'unforseen circumstances'
Missing woman accidentally joins her own search party, which could happen to the best of us, right?
Is Ed Houben Europe's most virile man?
Needy robotic toaster sells itself if neglected
Vermont farmer uses tractor to smash 7 police cars
Ex-dolphin fisherman says Japan's hunt and slaughter not age old tradition
Cloak 'anti-social' app helps you avoid your friends
Sacramento Cabbies Upset Over Proposed Hygiene, Dress Code Requirements
Missouri DWI Checkpoint Yields 10 Meth Arrests
"Gay Conversion" Therapist Using "Color Therapy" Is Colorblind
England's class system is a meritocracy
Courtney Love claims she has 'found' missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370
Society Is Doomed, Scientists Claim
Gun tattoo on man's stomach sends Maine police into tizzy.
DC Abortion fund gives coat hanger necklace for donations
Republican House Candidate Who Said Autism Was the Result of God's Anger Over Gay Marriage Just Won Her Primary
Man Missing for 3 Days found in a Transformer Box
GOP Hopes Ad Featuring Hipster Can Save It
Jury At Max Clifford Trial Sent Out For Laughing At His 2.5 Inch Penis
Amish buggy sought in Pennsylvania hit-and-run
Americans Think Congress Is Probably Kind Of High, Don't Really Care
4th grader testifies against bill limiting gun magazines
Gang member gets 14 years in prison for pointing laser at Fresno police helicopter
Transgender Woman Says Her Male Persona Is the Serial Killer
Drunk, Naked Woman Arrested While Trying to Visit Jailed Husband, Police Say
BBC Show Named Free Speech Limits Free Speech
Bridgeport man faces felony after speaking too long at township board meeting
Gun Tattoo Mistakenly Brings Heavily Armed Police To Maine Man's Home
Neighbors catch second Florida man raping his dog this month
Man Breaks Statue in Quest for Selfie
RIP Bob Wagner, Local Deadhead and Jerry Garcia Lookalike; Memorial Show Tonight
Woman accused of lighting boyfriend's car on fire after he refused to buy her McFlurry at Florida McDonald's
Titanium golf clubs can ignite fires, study finds
Auto dealers fire back at Tesla CEO: 'This Musk guy, he wants all the profits for himself'
Student Takes Selfie And Breaks 19th Century Greek-Roman Statue
Syria Creates a Space Agency in the Middle of its Civil War
Boy, 11, Signs 1-Day Deal with Pro Hockey Team
Google Earth Finds Woman Trapped On Deserted Island For 7 Years
Man claims good looks as defense in rape case
Fox News host Bill Hemmer explains missing plane: 'It took 2,000 years to find Noah's Ark'
New dinosaur called The Chicken From Hell
The utter collapse of human civilization will be 'difficult to avoid,' NASA funded study says
Woman charged $787.33 for two-mile cab ride
Oregon cat attack: family seeks therapy for pet after 911 call to control animal
Watch the Chinese Air Force bombing the Yellow River to destroy its ice
Man raped 8-month-old dog on porch, Daytona Beach police allege
For Purim, KKK costumes cause controversy
Berlin supermarkets discover banana boxes stuffed with cocaine
Saudi prince sues Forbes after it says he's only worth $20 billion
The Malaysian plane would have never gone missing if we listened to Pitbull, duh
Lasso-yielding officers chase loose bull in Texas
Groper strikes two more times at BYU
Eddie Money Wants to Punch Kenny Loggins
Florida Police Officer Faces Jail Time After Eating Evidence In Court
White House pastry chef resigns: 'I don't want to demonize cream, butter, sugar and eggs'
Kanye West Sues His Cryptocurrency as Dogecoin Raises $30k for Kenya
Transgender woman held in prostitutes' murder blames male alter ego, Douglas.
Minneapolis German Restaurant hosts Nazi Themed Party
Man Arrested For Locking Wife in Shed After She Sang "Ding Dong the Witch is Dead" About His Mom
Gun tattoo draws heavy police response
PQ candidate Louise Mailloux apologizes if conspiracy theory offended Jews
Ugandan First Lady Doesn't Know Any Gay Cows, So Homosexuality Must Not Exist
University Park grandmother gets 14 years for child porn
Still on the phone while robbing a bank. This guy is a dedicated listener.
How to Turn GameStop Into Your No-Fee Bank
Puerto Rico seeks citizens' advice on economy
This is a conservative advertisement for the UK budget 2014
Susanne Atanus, Who Blames Gay Rights For Tornadoes, Wins GOP Nomination For Congress
Gym tells woman to cover up because her 'toned body' intimidated others
Man Googles Himself, Realizes He's A "Most Wanted" Fugitive
British schoolboy, 12, stranded in Abu Dhabi through fear of flying finally touches down in the UK-after being hypnotised before boarding plane
Code violations force LaPorte family out of home after toddler found on roof
Crimea's Attorney General Spawns Anime Fan Art
5-Year-Old Kid Spends Entire Day at Wrong School; No One Notices
George Michael's family still not convinced he is gay
Do Men Strategically Schedule Vasectomies During March Madness?
Teacher serves fifth-graders O'Douls
Town Built Around No WiFi/Radio Waves Rules Is Right Next To NSA Snoop Center
Drive-through customers who asked for "a toy" got a little something extra with their Happy Meal -- heroin
DC Abortion fund rewards donors with a hangar-shaped necklace pendant
Which New Orleans Saints leader's face would you carve into the side of a mountain?
How Flight 370 Could Have Become a Zombie
Shot fired as Thunder From Down Under male strippers tackle gunman in Las Vegas
Scientists unveil dinosaur dubbed the 'chicken from hell'
Kansas 'retaliation' bill would allow police to arrest people who complain about officers. "Ironically, the anonymously-filed legislation would also ban anonymous complaints against police. (repost from r/politics)
CNN's Don Lemon: 'Is It Preposterous' to Think a Black Hole Caused Flight 370 to Go Missing?
Lesbian former state senator hides in Idaho Statehouse closet, is suspended from Senate floor
Man taking selfie breaks 400-year-old staute
Australian search aircraft are investigating two objects spotted by satellite floating in the southern Indian Ocean that could be debris from a Malaysian jetliner missing with 239 people
Dude Kicks Through Door At McDonalds, Pepper Sprays Staff, And Moons Everyone On The Way Out
Vancouver activists to protest 'foreskin enemy #1' Bill Gates at TED
Liquid Lapdance Pants Guarantee You'll Bust a Nut at the Strip Club
Eva Longoria is an 'amazing, complex woman', says Eva Longoria
Gumtree user conned out of £80 gets 'revenge' on seller - by sending him the complete works of Shakespeare by TEXT
BILL GATES SPENDS ENTIRE FIRST DAY BACK IN OFFICE TRYING TO INSTALL WINDOWS 8.1
WATCH: Florida woman set man's car on fire after he refused to buy her McFlurry: witnesses
Gun tattoo brings SWAT team to Maine man's home
World s hottest burger puts five people in hospital
British woman with HIV: 'I didn't know a white person had ever got it'
Westboro Baptist parodies Lorde's 'Royals'
Newly Signed UFC Fighter Retires Prior To Debut
US man's 'gun' turns out to be a tattoo
Worm invasion of N.W.T, Yukon, has scientists concerned - North
How to Make Money from Spotify by Streaming Silence
Liquid Church of NJ Hires CSI Detective to Lead Cold Case Investigation into Jesus Christ's Death & Resurrection
Turkey's Erdogan threatens to 'ban the ban' on his electoral film
Sofia Coppola to direct Little Mermaid adaptation, might focus on story's utter bleakness
The 500-Pound 'Chicken From Hell' Likely Ate Whatever It Wanted
Thieves dig tunnel to steal from Salford cash machine
Student suspended for taking razor from self-harming classmate
Qatar organizing an Islamic Triathlon.
Man Sues OKCupid After Getting Scammed Out Of $70,000
Council of Islamic Ideology declares women's existence anti-Islamic
North Carolina school tells boy, 9, to ditch 'My Little Pony' bag because it's a trigger for bullying
Teenager Attaches Herself To A Moving Car, Risking Her Life For Her Stolen Cell Phone
In-flight dance puts India airline in trouble
CNN considers whether a black hole swallowed the missing Malaysian plane
The Sunrise In NYC Was Beautiful This Morning. That Is All.
Nairobi's Church of Satan is 'fake', claims the mother Church of Satan
Yes, I Harness My Kids
1 month, 3 crimes at Pizza Hut
New Jersey teen sneaks up to top of the World Trade Center without being questioned by guards
Man 'woke to find MP Nigel Evans raping him'
When My Wife Died I Got a Bill of inheritance tax for $300,000
After Prayin' on it, Chik-fil-A CEO Regrets Being a Homophobic Bigoted A-Hole
CNN's Don Lemon Asks if a Black Hole Was Involved in MH370's Disappearance
Peru to tourists: 'Stop getting naked at Machu Picchu!'
Vigilante praised as favorite son of Parsippany
Lethal Injection Drug Shortages Lead OK Officials to Jokingly Barter with Football Tickets
Car torched in fight over McFlurry
Lethal Injection Drug Shortages Lead OK Officials to Barter with Football Tickets
'Mountain Dew Mouth' Is Destroying Appalachia's Teeth, Critics Say
Obama Actually Responds to O'Reilly Saying Lincoln Wouldn't Have Done Between Two Ferns
Fed Chairman Blames Weather for poor economic recovery
Man Detained at Airport After Announcing 'I Have a Bomb In My A**"
Don Lemon - Is It Preposterous to Think a Black Hole Caused Flight 370 to Go Missing? - CNN
CNN Rules Out Black Holes In Missing MH370 Jet Mystery
Police Searching for Amish Buggy in hit and run accident
Fire truck stolen during blaze in Sullivan
Neighbors Say Daytona Man Had Sex With Dog On Front Porch
Elementary student charged with indecent exposure
Westboro Baptist Church Fred Phelp's Deathbed Confession "I'm Gay" - National Report
'We'll eradicate Twitter,' vows Turkish Prime Minister Erdoğan
Fla. police hunt for Hulk Hogan wrestling shoe thief
Japan: Crimean attorney general inspires anime fan art
School Bans Teachers From Using Red Ink Because It's Too Mean
Seattle Police Reexamine Kurt Cobain's Death, Find No New Information
Man accused in chained 16-year-old case tells court he was 'disgusted' when he found out sex was non-consentual
Catholic League's Bill Donohue Wants To March In NYC Pride Parade w/ 'Straight Is Great' Banner
This New Hyundai Car Runs On The Poop Of California Residents, And The Fuel Is Free
Digging For Gold: Study Says Your Race Determines Your Earwax Scent
Man hangs himself and 4-year-old son over malware message
Fire truck stolen while firefighters fight 2-alarm fire
Starbucks planning to serve wine with an "evening menu" of bacon-wrapped dates, truffle mac n' cheese, chocolate fondue and other wine bar-type fare
Men Charged With Toppling 170-Million-Year-Old Rock Formation Avoid Jail Time
Pakistani militant kills self, family in DIY bomb accident: Official
Sarah Palin offers up a new theory about Malaysian flight 370 that hasn't been considered yet...
Emu evades capture in Nanaimo, but not considered flight risk
Palin Wonders If Malaysian Flight 370 'Flew Directly to Heaven'
landfill search for et video game halted
Gun tattoo in Maine prompts heavy police response
Obama reveals Final Four bracket picks
Furious woman torches man's car in McDonald's car park after he refuses to buy her a Mcflurry
Los Angeles Cops Argue All Cars in L.A. Are Under Investigation
CNN Isn't Trying Anymore...
Good News From Ukraine: Everyone Still Hates Hitler
Amish Buggy Suspected in Hit-and-Run
16-Year-Old Sneaks to Top of World Trade Center at 4 a.m., Tweets About It
A Ship Being Built in Iran Looks Awfully Familiar to the U.S.
Why an independent Venice should adopt Dogecoin
Argentine woman dies after injecting Vaseline into her breasts
Chinese tycoon drops $3M on Tibetan mastiff twins
HOA demands Florida woman remove breast cancer ribbon inside home
Florida Man Arrested for Assault with Taco Bell Burrito
Anti-Anxiety Pill Contains Metal Shard, Makes Patient Anxious
44lb 8-month-old put on 'strict diet'
Walmart Weirdo Sought In Toe Sucking Scheme
Rob Ford says video showing him threatening to kill someone was just a Hulk Hogan imitation
Woman told to cover up at the gym for being too fit.
Study advocates for the entirety of Canada to take away the drinking rights of 18-21 year olds because it would save a whooping 32 male lives a year.
McDonald's Patron Pointed Gun At Drive-Thru Worker Over Missing French Fries (Or Dipping Sauce)
Anti-social networking app 'Cloak' lets you avoid your friends
UK MI6 agent zipped himself in a duffel bag, put a padlock on it from the outside and died, all while in a bathtub - authorities do not think he was murdered
John McCain Responds To Russia's Sanctions, "Cancels Spring Break In Siberia"
Town employee admits to stealing $460,000 in quarters
Feminist Calls For Male Population Reduction
Dayton Upsets OSU, Has Pizza-And-Dance Party In Locker Room
Walmart never seems to fail for entertainment.
Hawaii law lets police have sex with prostitutes.
Transgender Woman Claims Former Male Self a Murderer
Uganda First Lady Janet Museveni: If Cows Can't Be Gay Humans Can't Be Gay
Honolulu Cops Want Legal Exemption So They Can Have Sex with Prostitutes
NC Police Seek Man Who Sucked Toes at Wal-Mart
Jet aborts takeoff after 'fish strike' at Florida air base
New drug makes brain cancer cells explode
Hawaii Law Lets Cops Have Sex With Prostitutes
It's a bad thing to be in shape at the Gym.
Kaffe qif qiya! Finally, a course to help kids learn Dothraki
Time dilation drug could allow heinous criminals to serve 1,000 year long sentences
Police seek man who sucked toes at Walmart
Pakistan: Policemen suspended as cat eats PM's peacock
Don't shoot Lucy the runaway emu, pleads Nanaimo owner
The South Watches More Gay Porn Than You Liberals
The Panamanian Village Where Kids Are Named After Dictators
Should You Try the Werewolf Diet?
Alleged Rapist Darrious Mathis Says It Wasn't Rape Because He is Hot
Honolulu Cops Want Permission To Sleep With Hookers
Fake shoe salesman charged in Walmart toe-sucking
Chick-fil-A CEO Cathy: Gay Marriage Still Wrong, But I'll Shut Up About It And Sell Chicken
Ukrainian journalist attacked by a member of the parliaments committee on freedom of speech.
MH370: "I did not jump the gun in releasing information" - Tony Abbott
South Korean schools are disabling students' private smartphones by forcefully installing restriction control apps
Snack-craving pilot delays flight by an hour
Baristas to begin packing guns |
Hawaii cops: We need to keep law that lets us have sex with prostitutes
Puppy shot by neighbour over Candy Crush loss, judge says
Pakistan suspends 3 policemen after cat eats Nawaz Sharif's peacock
JCPenney Worker Claims He Was Fired For Telling Truth About Fake Sales
Elton John Wants to Make Hip-Hip Records With Pharrell, Loves Kanye West
State law gives Hawaii cops right to have sex with prostitutes on the job
Woman Ejected From Planet Fitness Gym for Being "Too Toned"
Pelosi: We 'couldn't be prouder' of O-Care
Man assaulted and locked wife in shed after she kept singing 'ding dong, the witch is dead' when his mother died.
Broomfield man rescued from Rock Creek during September floods could sue his rescuers
Ding dong: Andrew Salmon locks wife Beverley Salmon in shed over dead mother taunts
Husband locked wife in garden shed because she kept chanting 'Ding dong, the witch is dead' after his mother died
Obama to O'Reily: Yes, Lincoln Would Have Done 'Between Two Ferns'
Hawaii law lets police have sex with prostitutes - WRCBtv.com
MtGox finds 200,000 missing bitcoins in old wallet.
Sunshine Cinema rattles parents with free 'Nymphomaniac' screening for babies (NSFW)
'Phantom' quints pregnancy devastates dad-to-be
Indian Airline Crew Disciplined for Mid Air Bollywood Dance Show
Zhora, Russian Chimp, Goes To Rehab For Booze Addiction
Republican Files Bill to Make the Bible Louisiana's Official State Book
Oklahoma State Rep. Sally Kern Says People Who Disagree With Her are Stoning God
Tesco tunnel heist: thieves dig 50 feet to U.K. ATM and make off with $1.4 million
Former senator hides in Capitol closet
Lehigh County man delivers big bag of dog poop to officials at municipal meeting
Music Teacher Caught Selling Tubas for Drug Money
Bullied boy allegedly banned from bringing 'My Little Pony' backpack to school
In Hawaii, Sex With A Prostitute May Be Legal For Undercover Cops
Inventor Of Web Astounded By All The Cats Online
Creationists Demand Airtime On 'Cosmos' For The Sake Of Balance
The 500-Pound 'Chicken From Hell' Likely Ate Whatever It Wanted : NPR
Student takes razor from classmate hurting himself, gets suspended and faces expulsion
Hawaii police urge lawmakers to let undercover cops have sex with prostitutes
Mt.Gox finds 200,000 bitcoins in old wallet
Police officials in the US state of Hawaii have asked the state's legislature to keep a measure in the law allowing undercover investigators to have sex with prostitutes.
Peru government tells Machu Picchu Tourists: 'stop getting naked'
Hawaii Law Lets Police Have Sex With Hookers
'Fake podiatrist' arrested after sucking woman's toes at Walmart
Otter mounts bloody rampage in burger bar
School will allow boy to bring My Little Pony backpack
Comcast Says No One Is More Dedicated To Net Neutrality Than It Is
Pill-popping professor pushes pupil to purchase 'happy, horny, get skinny drug'
Tennessee Teens Snag Stolen $10,000 with Fishing Lure
Cops nab fake podiatry student who allegedly sucked woman's toes in North Carolina Walmart
Digging for conspiracy theories in 'Frozen' and 'LEGO' movies
Phelps' hate seen by some as aiding gay rights
Sex With A Prostitute May Be Legal For Undercover Cops
Man jailed for using counterfeit cash to buy breakfast tacos.
Stanford University to Open a Center for Studying Bad Science
Man sends 30,000 Shakespeare texts as revenge
Woman dies after injecting Vaseline into breasts
Husband locked wife in shed for singing ''Ding dong, the witch is dead'' after his mum died
Affidavit: Teacher had sexual encounter with student at a Waffle House
NYPD Rejects Freedom Of Information Law Request For Their Freedom Of Information Law Handbook
Malaysia Airlines Brand is Stronger Than Ever
Sculptors ordered to pull rabbit out of Mandela's ear
Kanye West is Allegedly Buying Kim Kardashian 10 Burger King Restaurants As a Wedding Gift
Study: Violent Video Games Encourage Racist, Aggressive Attitudes Toward Blacks
Kanye West Buys Kim Kardashian 10 Burger Kings
Creationists demand equal airtime on Neil deGrasse Tyson's "Cosmos" to provide "balance".
Virginia KKK imperial wizard: We're not hateful, we're a Christian organization
Police arrest man who sucked woman's toes at Walmart
'You are married to the Lord and your daddy is your boyfriend': Purity balls, in which girls 'gift their virginity' to their fathers until marriage, sweeping America
Freak injury of the Day: K-Rod out a few days after stepping on a cactus
Siemens to build trains in the U.S. with engine maker Cummins.
British man assaults wife who kept singing 'Ding Dong! The Witch Is Dead' after death of his mother
Cat Gazes Wistfully At Video Of Himself Being Petted Moments Earlier
Kanye West buys Kim Kardashian fast food chain
Crimean Attorney-General Natalia Poklonskaya wins heart of Japanese anime fans, goes viral
Creationist Group Demands Airtime on "Cosmos" for Sake of "Scientific Balance"
Police suspended as cat eats PM peacock
Westboro Baptist Church Suing Funeral Protesters Of Fred Phelps - National Report
Are You There God? It's Me, Hobby Lobby
67-year-old British grandma claims semen facials are her secret to glowing skin, a trick she picked up in India
California woman says gym told her to cover up because was intimidating members
Black Preschoolers Far More Likely To Be Suspended
Pope to Mafia: Stop the Violence or Go to Hell
Medical student Elizabeth Raine to auction her virginity for £240,000 online
Canada Man Found Guilty of Illegally Killing Dog over Candy Crush Interruption
Woman Dies After Reportedly Injecting Vaseline Into Her Breasts
Texas city pays Ted Nugent $16,000 to not come to their Fourth of July celebration
Texas Town Pays Ted Nugent $16K to Stay Away From 4th of July Concert
This Guy Is Using 'Good Looks' as a Rape Defense
North Korean Tour Companies Are Now Catering to Pickup Artists
Young nun wows judges on Italy's 'The Voice'
Hawaii may preserve law that allows undercover police to have sex with prostitutes
Ex-NASA Physicist Launches School to Teach Dogs How to Take Selfies
Good-Looking Blonde Complains She Is Too Beautiful
NFL Wants M.I.A. To Pay $16.6 Million For Middle Finger Incident
Black Keys Announce New Album 'Turn Blue' Via Mike Tyson's Twitter
Cowboy Doctor Rides Horse in Hospital
Miami Crimestoppers head eats a tip rather than hand it over to defense lawyer
Crime Stoppers director eats anonymous tip in court
'Comically inept lede': CNN's intro to article about Kurt Cobain gets epic panning
Adele songs turn people gay, claims therapist
"Millionth' corvette unexpectedly pulled from sinkhole
Pope Francis has warned mobsters they will go to Hell if they don't repent and renounce their "blood-stained money and blood-stained power.
Man charged with rape uses 'good looks' defense
House To Vote On Controversial 'No More National Parks' Policy
Missing MH370: Families Forced From Hotel By Ferrari F1 Team
Heavy Tax Levied On Weaves By Jamaican Government
Driver given red light camera ticket for car he doesn't own, has never driven, from a city he's never visited
Teen collapses and falls into a coma after consuming 4 liters of energy drinks during 16-hour video-game binge
Georgia sex assault suspect insists he's too attractive to be guilty of rape
'Stop doing evil', Pope Francis tells Italy's mafia
The Chinese are pissed that Koreans called them dumb for watching Korean dramas
'Fast & Furious 7' will shoot scenes with doubles and replace Paul Walker with CGI to keep him in the film
Stop doing evil, Pope tells mafia
KKK leader: We don't hate people because of their race
Bear Simulator is "like a mini Skyrim but you're a bear"
Man Strips Naked on Top of SUV, Taunts Officers in Wilmington
Purity balls, in which girls 'gift their virginity' to their fathers, sweeping America
Creationists go nuts over Cosmos, demand "equal time"
Grandin man accused of setting fire to farmhouse to impress woman
O'Reilly: Media Covering Missing Plane to Avoid Talking About IRS, Benghazi
Iran Is Building a Fake U.S. Aircraft Carrier So They Can Blow It Up
Rick Santorum spotlights new movie, film career
Turkey says Twitter 'biased', did nothing to stop 'character assassinations'
Driver given red light camera ticket for car he doesn't own, has never driven, from a city he's never visited | Odd News
Homeopathic remedy recalled for possible contamination by actual medecine
Donkey banned from running in Ecuador Council elections
Hawaiian police defend right to sex with prostitutes
Homeopathic remedy recalled for possible contamination by real medicine
Georgia man says he's too handsome to be rapist
Lil Wayne: I'm No Longer the Best Rapper Alive
Virginia KKK Leader: 'We Don't Hate People Because of Their Race'
Bankrupt Detroit Pays $32 To Process A $30 Parking Ticket
Woman Convicted of Voter Fraud Honored by Attendees of Voters' Rights Rally
Maths teacher threatens Game of Thrones spoilers instead of detention for naughty students
Man who fathered 98 kids offers free sex service
Texas Town Paid Ted Nugent $16,000 To NOT Appear At A Local Event
Fred Phelps Dead: Twitter Mourns Michael Phelps, Who Is Not Dead
Wife stabs husband in chest claims he was worshiping the NASCAR race
Purity Ball Dad: You are Married to the Lord and Your Father is Your Boyfriend
As 'God Hates Fags' founder Fred Phelps dies, Twitter mistakenly mourns Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps
Naked woman shows up to visit husband in Arlington jail, joins him, police say
Death Row Inmate Can't Donate Kidney Because He Won't Recover in Time For Execution
AHL player crawls across tunnel to go after opponent
Woman Rams Car into Church, Stabs Husband at Altar
Lawyer convicted of prostitution is suspended; ethics officials say she didn't disclose job
Bromley spiritual healer 'married Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger in 15th century'
Michelle Obama tells Chinese students internet freedom's a universal right (x-post from /r/worldnews)
Drunken bicyclist hits car, flees scene, police say
DNA Discoverer: Blacks Less Intelligent Than Whites
Sex Change Serial Killer Blames Man He Used To Be For Murders / Sunday World
Philadelphians tired of Facebook placing them 'near Camden'
Psychic show cancelled due to 'unforeseen circumstances'
Perfect NCAA Bracket Holder Didn't Enter Warren Buffett's $1 Billion Challenge
Michelle Obama tells Chinese students internet freedom's a universal right
89% of Venice residents vote for independence in unofficial referendum
Crimea, Scotland...now Venice votes on breakaway
Sparkfun Has To Destroy $30,000 Worth Of Multimeters Because They're Yellow
Man arrested for sucking on woman's toes in Walmart
Wife stabs husband, claims he was "worshipping the NASCAR race".
Kerala Police versus Bob Marley
Rare crocodile killed during zoo mating gone wrong
Night with psychic at Darwen Theatre is cancelled due to 'unforeseen circumstances'
Creationists Complain Neil deGrasse Tyson's 'Cosmos' Isn't Giving Them Airtime
When you marry an African woman, she must know the second one is on the way, and a third wife... this is Africa,
Italian nun becomes pop star sensation
Cops: Driver buses kids back to school, blames gin
Man slices off hand, throws it in rubbish bin and then sets it on fire
2 Teens Caught After Robbery...in the Police Department Parking Lot
Runaway emu put up 'quite a fight' while resisting arrest
Cuba hikes salaries for doctors -- up to $67/month.
Children evacuated from swimming pool after a prosthetic leg was mistaken for a pedophile
Man Tries To Drink A Gallon Of Tabasco Sauce (Video)
High times at the Vatican as police intercept 14 cocaine-filled condoms intended for city's postal centre
Elderly man dies after nursing home fist fight
Germans seize cocaine destined for the Vatican
Transgender Defense: 'Donna' Says 'Doug' Is the Spokane Serial Killer
Man arrested for sucking woman's toes at walmart after saying he is a podiatry student
Topless women protesters 'surprised, upset' as men show up with cameras
Selfie addict tried to kill himself when he couldn't take perfect photo
Senator Thinks Oil Barons Who Helped Bankroll Him Are Among 'Most Patriotic Americans' Ever
Kelly Brook's on/off Gladiator boyfriend David McIntosh pleads guilty to crashing van full of dead badgers into bus stop
Occupy Wall Street organizer wants Google to run the country
Pope warns mobsters they risk going to hell
Germany seizes cocaine-filled condoms sent to Vatican
Beer taps installed in Colorado governor's mansion
Germany intercepts cocaine-filled condoms sent to Vatican
Many ATMs yet to be upgraded from Windows XP, says Microsoft.
Cocaine addressed to Vatican seized
NC Man Accused of Sucking on Toes Is Arrested
Bill would forbid divorcing parents in Massachusetts from having sex in home
Police intercept cocaine-stuffed condoms addressed to Vatican
Former Police Chief Eats Evidence to Protect Informant
Don't ban the word "nigger" in the NFL - broadcast every word of trash talk
Former US president Jimmy Carter uses snail mail to evade NSA
Russian TV host says Jews "brought the Holocaust around" themselves
MH370 search: Chinese plane lands at wrong airport in Australia
The Ridiculous Reason Chase Refused To Process Payments for A Condom Company
Council to ban people from eating fish and chips with their fingers
King of folk İbrahim Tatlıses backs Twitter ban - on Twitter
Study: 1 in 25 Business Leaders May Be Psychopaths
An Atlanta Man Claimed He Was Too Good Looking to Be Guilty of Raping a Woman
Westboro Baptist Church Suing Funeral Protesters Of Fred Phelps
22-pound attack cat is now in Oregon shelter
Tiesto knocks himself out at own show
Italian gangster breaks house arrest for a slice of pizza
Church Gives Away Gun During Sunday Raffle.
Man Attacks His Wife With Cheez-Its Because She Went to an Earth Day Concert
District: Naked man attacks student outside Asheville High School | Local News
Smoke detector alerts residents to house fire
Police in Hawaii are fighting to save a state law that allows them to have sex with prostitutes
German customs seizes cocaine addressed to Vatican
Missouri Doctor Decapitates Baby During Birth. Tries To Cover It Up By Shoving It Back Inside Mother & Performs C-Section. Couple Suing.
Alaska Petition for Secession Reaches 10K Signatures
Virginia Beach house sitter leads police to pot, guns after shooting himself accidentally
Human Remains Found Under Melting Snow In Detroit
Teen driver killed crashing into sign warning of speeding
Attorney-General George Brandis: 'People do have a right to be bigots'
UFO Conspiracy Theorist Stan Romanek Says Child Porn Charges Are Gov. Conspiracy
'People have a right to be bigots': (Australian) PM defends Attorney-General's comments
Scottish dairy farmers are connecting their cows to the internet to help increase the amount of milk they produce.
Police Release Less-Than-Ideal Sketch Of Man Who Keeps Peeing On Women
Former World Bank Sr. Counsel Says That There is An Existence of a Second Species on Earth -- Hiding at the Vatican!
Aborted babies incinerated to heat UK hospitals
Police officer guilty of selling seized drugs back to dealers for profit
Police: Man arrested after asking bank teller to spank him
Turing Test Proves 2-Year-Olds Not Human
Italy Furious At Gun-Toting 'David' Statue In U.S. Rifle Ad
Pakistan erased an entire International New York Times cover story.
Creationists Demand Airtime On Neil deGrasse Tyson's 'Cosmos'
Animal Instinct: How Cat-Loving Sleuths Found an Accused Killer Sadist
'Electric Eel' digital condom promises to make sparks fly in the bedroom
Cows connected to web to boost milk
Downs girl's class went to Canaries without her
Missing plane lost, Malaysia says
Can Babies Learn to Read? No, Steinhardt Study Finds
Columbus Crew Broadcast Interrupted by Sound Of Woman Having Sex
Former NSA chief Hayden said he had no regrets about the NSA's surveillance practices, only that the group failed to keep its actions secret.
Texas Town Pays Ted Nugent $16,250 Not to Perform at Fourth of July
Welsh founder inspires Ukrainian city Donetsk to vote on becoming British
CNN anchor believes Malaysian flight was swallowed by a black hole
Math Teacher Threatens 'Game of Thrones' Spoilers Rather Than Detention
Man Robs Delaware Rita's on Free Water Ice Day
Anti-Piracy Group Accused of Stealing the Photo They Used in an Anti-Piracy Ad
Man finds goats having sex, beats up male one, rapes female one
Local Church Told Not to Help Homeless During Winter
Rex Ryan Takes Shots with Fans, Wears 'Sell Wife for Beer' Shirt at NFL Meetings
Church Raffles Off Assault Rifles During Sunday Service
Majority Of New Yorkers Oppose DREAM Act But Support College Education For Prison Inmates
Russian thugs beat up St Patrick's flashmob after mistaking it for gay activists
A foodie gives up solid food for Lent and only drinks beer
Westboro Baptist Church left confused by 'Sorry for your loss' counter-protest
Chris Christie clears Chris Christie of any wrongdoing
(X-post /r/skeptic) Anti-vaccine, pro-homeopathy 'Big Bang Theory' actress to be the featured speaker at the National Science Teacher Association's national conference in Boston
Moms Outraged That Theater Offers Free 'Nymphomaniac' Tickets For Babies
Sheriff: 8 arrested with guns, drugs and an alligator
Selfie addict attempts suicide.
Lady Gaga's vomit artist: 'I have experienced migraines'
Selfie obsessed teenager tried to commit suicide when he couldn't take the perfect picture
Did liberals actually just blame the missing Malaysian flight on global warming? Yes, yes they did...
Selfie addict 'didn't leave his house for six months and contemplated suicide'
Justin Bieber is a lot like James Dean, suggests Justin Bieber
Convict posts Obama threat letter to wrong address
Selfie-obsessed teenage boy warns about addiction after trying to commit suicide
Selfie obsessed' teenager Danny Bowman (19) tried to commit suicide when he couldn't take the perfect picture
St. Patrick's Day Flashmob Members Mistaken for Gay Activists and Attacked in Siberia
Report: Germans seize cocaine on its way to Vatican
Teenager addicted to selfies had 'turned suicidal'
Hawaii man fights fire with miso soup, saves home
Vote for your favorite reason (and GIF) to get covered
A University sponsored a "Fat Justice & Feminism" event so they could talk about how Ronald Reagan "f****d" over fat people
Mystery man who gave out free money in Halifax detained in P.E.I. mental hospital
American Eagle Says It's Starting A Dog Brand Called American Beagle Outfitters
British school teaches English as foreign language
Thinking You Can't Get Pregnant In Your 20s is An Illusion, Study Finds
'Web Users Treat Conspiracy Theories As Seriously As News', Say Scientists
Creationists Condemn Neil DeGrasse Tyson's 'Cosmos' for Pro-Evolution Stance
Longview, Texas pays off rocker Ted Nugent to not perform
Undercover vice police in Hawaii fight for right to have sex with prostitutes during investigations
Judge Joe Brown arrested in Memphis.
Judge: IP-Address Is Not a Person and Can't Identify a BitTorrent Pirate (x-post from /r/technology)
Judge Joe Brown Arrested for Contempt of Court
Mom arrested while trying to console special needs son in school
Judge: IP-Address Is Not a Person and Can't Identify a BitTorrent Pirate
Mother Arrested After School Calls Her To Come Get Her Son With Aspergers And She Doesn't Sign In Before Comforting Him (x-post /r/news)
Study: Blacks with white friends are 'less black'
Ex-TV Judge Joe Brown arrested in Tennessee
Mexican 'theme park' gives illegal border-crossing experience without the danger
Tiësto Forced To Cancel Show After Suffering Concussion
L.A. public defender accused of drunken outburst at SFO | Crime & Courts | San Francisco
Man Receives $567K In Damages After Being Forced To Motorboat Woman's Breasts
Los Angeles Police Say Gunman Dead After Shootout
Mysterious Clown Spotted Wandering Staten Island at Night
Meet Business Insider's Newest Political Columnist - Anthony Weiner. (his column will be titled "Weiner!")
Man robs porn shop, then returns to buy products
University sponsored 'fat justice' event claims Ronald Reagan 'f*cked' fat people over
Creationists demand equal airtime on science show 'Cosmos'
Texas teen gives police officer parking ticket
America's Underappreciated Entrepreneur: The Federal Government
Entomologist surprised to find name on now-retracted paper alleging fossils oppose Darwin's theory of evolution
A Twitter Hashtag Probably Doesn't Prove Feminists Want to Kill All Men
WWE bans baby oil
Homeopathy Company Recalls Products Because They Might Contain Antibiotics
Ukrainian Women Have Launched a Sex Strike Against Russian Men
Petition to allow Alaska to rejoin Russia garners 17,000 signatures
Boy, 11, gets his wish for leg to be amputated
Teenager Tries to Kill Himself Because He Wasn't Satisfied With the Quality of His Selfies - "I was constantly in search of taking the perfect selfie and when I realized I couldn't I wanted to die."
Redskins' Dan Snyder launches Original Americans Foundation
Russian TV Anchor says Jews Brought Holocaust On Themselves
Police hunt killer responsible for beheading 15 flamingos as they slept at Frankfurt Zoo
Teenage "selfie addict" spent up to 10 hours per day trying to capture the perfect pose
Homeopathic Products Recalled for Containing Actual Drugs
Christopher Robin sentenced to 56 years for murder of roommate
Kermit the Frog is against Scottish Independence
Kermit the Frog adds croak to 'no' campaign over Scottish independence
Virginia school security guard spared jail time after admitting to affair with 15-year-old student
Drunk Motorist Was Wearing Pants As Shirt When Found Passed At Wheel
A UK teenager who became so obsessed with taking the perfect selfie he nearly killed himself when he failed to do so.
New Study: Nearly Half Of All Americans Are Dangerous Stupid Idiots
Malaysia Airlines notifies families plane crashed into ocean via text message
Queensland man riding a motorised esky charged with drink driving Read more: http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/queensland/queensland-man-riding-a-motorised-esky-charged-with-drink-driving-20140325-35ff8.html#ixzz2wwr4ELyB
Florida man kills wife, posts confession, photo of body on Facebook.
Queensland man riding a motorised esky charged with drink driving
Thousands make #nomakeupselfie donation error
Atheist 'Noah' director brags film is least biblical Bible movie ever
Meet the Gay Priest Getting Married
Reid says GOP may have helped Russia annex Crimea
Texas town pays Ted Nugent $16,250 not to play at Fourth of July celebration
Engineering student jumps inside white tigers enclosure in Madhya Pradesh, scares big cats
Australian Prime Minister reintroduces 'Knights' and 'Dames' honours.
Woman Has Phantom Pregnancy, With Quintuplets
Drunk man riding motorised esky in hot water with police
Meet Business Insider's Newest Political Columnist -- Anthony Weiner
Church Congregation Doubles in Size for AR-15 Giveaway
NY church to raffle off AR-15 rifle
Policeman hit with drugs stash thrown out of high-rise during Gold Coast bust
EA's Worst Company In America Reign Comes To An End With Loss To Time Warner Cable
Teenage British Selfie Addicts Attempts Suicide Over Failed Photos
Woman Divorces Husband, Marries Dog
Ohio legislator says America's public education system is 'socialism,' should be privatized
Cocaine-filled condoms were headed to Vatican
UCCS opens food pantry to assist struggling students
Girl, 9, barred from school for shaving head to support friend with cancer
Entrepreneur accidentally donates $13000 to fund doge-themed race car
Women taking no make-up selfies for breast cancer accidentally try to adopt Polar Bears as auto-correct changes BEAT to BEAR
Party host told Police 'get a warrant'... they did and now he's in court on drugs charge
Thousands of unborn foetuses incinerated to heat UK hospitals
What women want on the dance floor, according to science
Westboro Baptist Church asks for no protesters at Fred Phelps funeral
Former NSA Director: 'Shame On Us'
Cocaine-filled condoms sent to the Vatican
Man steals tractor, tries to evade helicopter, sheriff says
A clown is terrorizing a NYC borough.
Rumsfeld bashes Obama on Afghanistan, says 'a trained ape' could do better
Girl Who Shaved Head to Support Friend With Cancer Banned From School for Violating Dress Code
Leeds school to teach English as foreign language
Child, 4, died after being forced to ride motorbike by mother, court told
Report: Creepy Staten Island Clown May Be Publicity Stunt.
Teacher punishes students with Game of Thrones spoilers
Nobody Wants to Date Taylor Swift
Sean Penn to hold acting workshops in Venezuela
Thousands of corn dogs closes busy interstate (Louisiana)
Ryan on abortion exceptions: Rape is just another 'method of conception'
Judge Joe Brown Arrested, Jailed For Contempt of Court
A man who attempted to rape a woman has been cleared of the charges by a Swedish court after it turned out that the woman he tried to rape was biologically a man.
Ministers defend ban on sending books to prisoners in England and Wales
Man Robs Store One Day After Being Released For Robbing Same Store 15 Years Earlier
Row as Miss Hampshire lives in Middlesex
Business Insider to unveil 'Weiner!'
Nick Cannon courts controversy with whiteface
Westboro Baptist Church Fred Phelp's Deathbed Confession "I'm Gay"
Danish zoo that killed Marius the giraffe puts down four lions
Early NASA diapers forced astronauts to disclose the size of their manhood
Boy Lied About Plantation Abduction Attempt
Man douses house fire with miso soup
New clever species of praying mantis named after Al Gore
Dogs on pot a growing problem
Tea party says OFA remake of its symbol is trolling
Secret spy satellite to launch Tuesday
Joseph Kony Is Back In The News. Do Teenagers Still Care?
Razor blades glued to playground at IL park
Engineering student jumps into tiger enclosure, takes off shirt and dances
Selfie addict took TWO HUNDRED a day - and tried to kill himself when he couldn't take perfect photo
Reddit succeeds in bringing doge to NASCAR
China sells BOTTLED AIR to tourists
Little Girl Taken Out Of Christian School After Told She's Too Much Like A Boy
Roving Black mobs too many ignore
Swedish court clears man of attempted rape because woman was really a transsexual man
Man Leaves Prison, Robs Same New Jersey Shoe Store 15 Years Later
Purity Balls: Fathers Become Daughter's Boyfriend Until Marriage To Protect Virginity
Former New Jersey Net Quinton Ross says it was a 'tough day' after report said he died
Mexican man facing deportation for 15th time
Deputies: Spartanburg couple arrested after girlfriend struck with anger management book
FCC Is Sorry, But OpenInternet.gov Cannot Be Found
After finishing 15-year prison stint, Tulsa man robs same store that got him busted
Aborted, miscarried babies burned to heat U.K. hospitals.
Abraham game makers believe they are in a fight with Satan
To replace drone strikes, US to give Yemen Hellfire-armed crop dusters
Massive Corndog Spill Shuts Down Highway
Dogecoin-sponsored NASCAR is happening after group raises more than $44,700
U.S. House of Representatives Passes Bill to Allow Mining Companies to Fill Mountain Valleys with Mine Waste
GOP Senate candidate highlights pig-castrating experience in new ad
Facebook acquires Oculus VR
Facebook to acquire Oculus VR.
Facebook Buys Oculus Rift Virtual Reality Headset For $2 Billion. Now a "social platform".
Tens of Thousands Sign Petition to Reunite Alaska With Russia
Family surprised to learn it was Toronto cops who broke into house, removed computers
Sarah Palin Wonders If Flight 370 'Flew Directly to Heaven'
Seamen spilled near Lesbos
Car crashes into doughnut shop, dozens injured
Van Buren Man Arrested For Asking Bank Teller To Spank Him. Bank Teller replies with low interest rate.
Coast Guard begins unannounced cruise inspections
Facebook Acquires Oculus Rift VR.
Concessions vendor, 18, steps into Covington role after actor is detained | Features
Zoo euthanizes four lions, despite giraffe backlash
Shocking Number of US Pre-Teens Don't Remember Where They Were On 9/11
Restaurateurs Spike Crayfish With Opiates
Woman Claims Police Forced Her To Poop In Yard
Saudi American Muslim Psychiatrist Diagnoses Woman with Disobedient Wife Disorder
Facebook Acquires Oculus VR for $2 Billion Dollars.
Facebook buying Oculus VR for $2 billion
Text errors lead to #nomakeupselfie donors giving to wrong charity and adopting a polar bear
Oops! Oklahoma pastor says he accidentally flooded Texas by praying too hard
Homeopathic remedies recalled for containing real medicine
SC man hits girlfriend with anger management book during argument
Police: Robber uses bread in Lexington hold up attempt
Report: Qatar's World Cup Expected To Take More Lives Than 9/11
Man Struck, Killed By NJ TRANSIT Train In New Brunswick; 3 Hurt By Flying Body Parts
Fast-paced parkour offers outlet for women in Iran
Spanish name meaning 'Kills Jews' raises ire
Swedish expert invited by the government to speak at the release of its white paper on Roma discrimination was on Tuesday denied entry to the breakfast room at Stockholm's Sheraton hotel. She had to drink her coffee in the lobby. (xpost r/worldnews)
The Creator Of Doom Is Now A Facebook Employee
Danish zoo that culled giraffe kills family of lions
Wal-Mart Recalls 'Cuddle Care' Dolls Because They Can Burn
Ellen DeGeneres recast in sealskin in artist's protest
Facebook purchases Oculus for 2 Billion
Glenn Beck admits he prayed to God for Putin to die
Deputies: Man hit girlfriend with anger management book, both arrested
Richard Wright: Man Handing Out Free Money To Cheer People Up Detained In Mental Hospital
Christopher Reeves arrested in Superman shirt on DUI charge
Petition to let Alaska secede and rejoin Russia already has 24,615 signatures
Minecraft Creator Kills Oculus Rift Plans Because Facebook Creeps Him Out
/r/NotTheOnion is looking for new moderators! Apply within.
Chelsea Clinton Brilliantly Manipulates Media with Confession About Her Diarrhea Obsession
Ellen DeGeneres recast in sealskin in artist's protest - Newfoundland & Labrador
Alaskans Want to Leave the US and Follow Crimea Back Into Russia
Creepy clown frightening Staten Islanders
Fayette County prisoner sent threatening letter to Obama -- at wrong address
Deputies: Man hit girlfriend with anger management book
Man enraged after vomiting on cell phone goes on rampage in Port St. Lucie, police say
Man robs a shoe store and gets 15 years, after his release he goes back and robs the SAME SHOE STORE
Cops say bungling burglar left phone number with victim, then fell for date-night sting
British jury couldn't stop laughing about Max Clifford's penis size
City of Clovis looking to relocate squirrels
Woman punches DJ, destroys equipment over song selections
Man gives money to strangers, gets thrown in mental hospital.
Iowa Senate Candidate says Castration gives her Conservative Cred
TSA reminds SLC travelers to leave the grenades at home.
Wal-Mart Recalls 'Cuddle Care' Doll Over Burn Hazard
Alaska petition to secede to Russia going strong at 18K signers
'Let's make them squeal': GOP Senate candidate promotes pig castrator background
Staten Island Clown Freaks Locals Out
Creepy Clown Is Creeping Out Staten Island (PHOTOS)
Mysterious clown sightings creeping out Staten Islanders (with photos)
Father Files Restraining Order Against Son's 9-Year-Old Alleged Bully
China: Insurance Regulator Bans Sale of Two 'Smog Policies'
'Selfie addict' took 200 pics a day, attempted suicide when he couldn't get 'perfect' photo
North Korea: Men required to get Kim Jong-un haircuts
Extremely sex starved Bulawayo woman demanded unprotected sex from married soldier
Women banned from serving food at Hague summit because 'men get distracted'
Ukraine crisis: Military dolphins transferred to Russian Navy in Crimea
Ukraine's Dolphin Army Switches Allegiance To Russia
Leader's haircut for all N Korea men
Cops: Man Hit Girlfriend With Anger Management Book
I don't think the classes worked...
Police officer who tasered a partially sighted man told to apologise
Anti-pirating ad music stolen
March protests police shootings in Albuquerque; Police shoot at man later that night
Extra Food Banks Aren't Needed Because Restaurants Are Busy, Says Tory Councillor
Discarded tea leaves, false positive drug tests prompt search warrant of family home
Indiana jail official blames 'a lot of electronic things' for woman placed in all-male cell block
Woman Abandoned as Baby in Burger King Finds Birth Mom
Fast Food Managers Prefer 'Stature' To Overtime Pay, Wealthy CEO Says
On the road -- and run -- with John McAfee
John Benefiel's Prayers Caused Record Flooding And Protected Oklahoma City From Recession
Man Accused of Hitting His Girlfriend With His Anger Management Workbook
Girl withdrawn from school after being told she looks like a boy.
Minnesota boy rescued from aunt's 'creepy and dark and stinky' septic tank
Honolulu police banned from sex with prostitutes - except undercover cops
Church Ordered to Stop Giving Homeless People a Warm Place to Stay in Freezing Cold Weather
Max Clifford's penis 'neither freakishly small nor enormous', lawyer tells UK court
North Korea: Men Required to Get Same Haircut as Leader Kim Jong Un
Man Robs Same NJ Store He Robbed 15 Years Earlier On Day After Release From Prison
Log In CNN reporters arrested for trying to sneak into the World Trade Center while reporting how easy it is to sneak into the World Trade Center
CNN producers arrested for trying to sneak into the World Trade Center while reporting on how easy it is to sneak into the World Trade Center
All Men In North Korea Are Now Reportedly Required to Get the Same Haircut as Kim Jong Un
Officer shot blind man with Taser after mistaking white stick for samurai sword
Cops: Man burned down home to impress woman
Woman arrested after throwing 'hissy fit' in Delray Beach, police say
Berlusconi 'called Merkel an unfuckable lard-arse'
Toddler cut as razor blades found glued to Illinois playground
Mitch McConnell's New Ad Features Duke Basketball Instead Of Kentucky, Mockery Ensues
Korean people Now forced to cut their hair like kim jong un
Secret Service agents on Obama detail sent home from Netherlands after night of drinking
Pope Francis removes 'bling bishop'
Penis-Shaped Popsicles That Explode In Your Mouth Hit The Swedish Ice Cream Market
Penis-shaped popsicle amuses Sweden
Reports say that men in North Korea are now required to get the same haircut as their leader Kim Jong-un.
Officer Handcuffs Firefighter At Scene Of Accident For Refusing To Move Truck
Ukrainian Spy Dolphins Switch Allegiance to Russia!
Russia Takes Over Ukraines Military Dolphins
Woman Battling Cancer Arrested For Not Paying $5 Dog License Renewal Fee
Ballpark Village's Late Night Dress Code Basically Bans All of St. Louis
Homeopathic medicine recalled for actually doing something medicinal!
Mexican drug cartel behind increase in lime prices
All North Korean men ordered to sport Kim Jong Un's haircut
Homeopathy product recalled over fears it may contain actual medicine
Kim Jong-un Haircuts Required for Men in North Korea
Kanye West 'buys 10 branches of Burger King for Kim Kardashian'
Pot-smoking students do better at school than 'marginalized' tobacco-smoking peers
Wu-Tang Clan Will Sell Only One Copy of Secret New Album
Wu-Tang Clan Announce Another New Album, Once Upon a Time in Shaolin Only one copy will be produced
Wow. Such fast. Dogecoin to sponsor Nascar racer
Social media wedding concierge will live-tweet your big day for $3,000
Wealthy sailor "forgot" boat in Swedish harbor
This Couple Was Fake-Pregnant With Quintuplets
New Jersey Man Arrested For Riding Tricycle Naked While Chewing Glass
Ron Paul's think tank denounces Alexander McCobin "conspiracy theory" that Crimea was invaded by Russia.
Grossman passes kidney stone during gubernatorial debate
Corrupt Mayor Accepted Bribe Money so He Could Sell 'Feminine Hygiene Products'
PR guru doesn't have micro-penis
Tory blocks food bank because 'he can't book resterant on Saturday'
The Russian Navy Now Controls Ukraine's Combat Dolphin Program
North Korean men 'ordered to get Kim Jong-un's haircut' reports claim
Kim Jong Un haircut must for every North Korean man
Police: Man tried to break into Troutdale police station to get his skateboard
Christian school principal says 8-year-old girl not welcome because she dresses and behaves like a boy
Pothole Tries To Eat Pothole Repair Truck
French artist on trial for performing with a rooster attached to his genitals.
Brazilian math teacher won't find a job because of her sexy performances, decides to protest by stripping in public. [kinda NSFW]
Kenya to use drones to fight elephant, rhino poachers
Are the men of North Korea really being forced to get Kim Jong Un haircuts?
This Norwegian Teen Got a McDonald's Receipt Tattooed on His Arm
Ouch! Candidate passes kidney stone during debate
Wu-Tang Clan will only sell a single copy of their new album
Alabama Hill hopeful shoots ACA
Kim Jong-Un's haircut 'compulsory'
Feral pig drinks 18 cans of beer, fights cow and then passes out drunk under tree
Dine-and-dasher accused of running over Applebee's employee to escape $28 tab
Girl Lets Boyfriend Tattoo His Name Across Her Face Less Than 24-Hours After Meeting IRL
Russia takes control of Ukraine combat Dolphin program
Woman named 'Crispi' tries to set ex's house on fire with bacon
Woman named Crispi uses bacon in alleged arson attempt.
Woman Gets Out of Ambulance, Takes Metro to Hospital After Responders Argue
Kim Jong-un haircut now compulsory for North Korean students, reports claim
Ukraine's combat dolphins fall into Russian hands
Homeopathic remedies recalled for containing real medicine (Wired UK)
Jimmy Carter Sent His First Text Message
Would-be dwarf planet called Biden
Are We Cool Now? Google Glass to Feature Ray-Ban, Oakley Frames
Levi's Stadium, Home Of 49ers And Super Bowl L, To Ban Bugles, Reptiles, And Spilling Anything
Ukraine's combat dolphins captured by Russian forces -- Three 'desert' in search of mates
Speed killed Paul Walker
Russia Takes Control Of Ukraine's Dolphin Army
Washington burglary suspect tells homeowner who tackled him: 'I pooped my pants'
Petition for Alaska to secede and join Russia continues to attract signatures
NTSB reminds pilots to land at the right airport
Studies show that students are sick of homework
Hot-Dog Fan Campaigns for New Emoji
Virginia school reportedly complains 8-year-old girl not feminine enough
Massive Corn Dog Spill Closes Interstate In Louisiana
P. Diddy is Puff Daddy again -- VIDEO
Lanes along I-220 reopened after corn dog spill - KTBS.com
Naked Man Found Riding Tricycle, Chewing Glass And Tobacco
Crimean Military Dolphins to Serve in Russian Navy
Apple: Multicultural emoji are coming soon
Nebraska dog dials 911 on owner's smartphone
Ordinary Russians Impose Personal Sanctions on Obama
Kim Jong Un requiring all North Korean men to have his haircut
North Korea: Students required to get Kim Jong-un haircut
Why Wu-Tang Will Release Just One Copy Of Its Secret Album
Va. Christian School Rejects 8-Year-old Tomboy, Citing 'God-Ordained' Gender Role
Ukraine's combat dolphins to become more lethal after Russian takeover
Copenhagen Zoo Kills 4 Lions After Controversial Giraffe Death
Norway: Wealthy sailor 'forgot' boat in Swedish harbour
Woman Hospitalised After Excessive WhatsApp Typing
Japan Court Orders Retrial for Man Sentenced to Die in 1968
Respawn locks Titanfall cheaters into "the Wimbledon of aimbot contests"
Max Clifford's penis 'neither freakishly small nor enormous', lawyer tells court
Apple pledges to make emojis more ethnically diverse
Philippines to sign deal with Muslim rebels group MILF
Frozen pink dwarf planet 'Biden' spotted beyond Pluto
Stian's McTattoo: Stian Ytterdahl sure knows how to show people where he ate on Tuesday
Tennessee Passes Bill Allowing The Bullying of LGBT Students In The Name Of 'Religious Freedom'
GOP States Are The Most Dependent On Government
What the Bible Says About Money (Shocking)
Philosophy's Popularity Soars: Devotees Find It's More Than 'An Interesting Path to Poverty' (x-post r/philosophy)
Hennes & Mauritz (H&M) awarded title of World's Most Ethical Company for the fourth time
Philosophy's Popularity Soars: Devotees Find It's More Than 'An Interesting Path to Poverty'
Man Expecting Quints Finds out Girlfriend Isn't Pregnant...
Happiness challenge may lead to sadness, psychologists warn
Police Arrest Naked Man Who Was Riding Tricycle While High On Cocaine
Uintah County woman uses bacon in alleged arson attempt
California Senate's Top Gun Control Advocate Arrested In Firearms Trafficking Plot
Anti-Game-Violence Legislator Arrested, Faces Gun Trafficking Charges
Goldman Sachs Hired by Russia as Corporate Broker to Boost Image
Professor teaching class on vigilante justice is pepper-sprayed by vigilante seeking justice
Kim Dotcom launches political party
Hawaii Cops Give Up on Sex With Hookers, Settle for Handjobs and Blowjobs
Police: Security Officer Steals Underwear From Apartments
Defendant: I sliced and diced girlfriend like she was a pot roast
Shark gives Florida student two-hour ride, stars in YouTube video
Ukraine dolphins to switch nationalities, serve in Russian navy
Report: Ukraine military dolphins to switch nationalities, join Russian navy
In ad, District 6 hopeful Will Brooke literally tears holes in Obamacare with guns, a wood chipper
Norway: Wealthy man 'forgot' boat in Swedish harbour
Republican who Advocated Acid Attacks on Female Democrats Quits Job
Feds warn pilots not to land at wrong airport
BREAKING: Anti-Gun CA Senator Leland Yee Charged With Gun Running
Florida Man Points Gun At Teen He Finds in Stepdaughter's Closet, Then Makes Her Do Squats
'Bling bishop' blew €213,000 on a fish tank
Norwegian teen tattoos McDonald's receipt on his arm
Protesters Use Sex Dolls to Rally Against Spain's Anti-Abortion Law
California Anti gun senator arrested for gun trafficking
Giant rat: Swedes agog at 'Ratzilla' in Stockholm
Plane 'false alarm' off Gran Canaria
Crimean Combat Dolphins to Help Emergencies Ministry Divers Locate Explosives - Source
Guinea Bans Bat Eating to Curb Ebola Spread, Warns on Rats
Pravda.ru: Alaska Aspires to join Russia
In final naval insult, Russia seizes Ukrainian spy dolphins trained to kill enemies and find underwater mines
Ukraine military dolphins to switch nationalities, join Russian navy
Russia Stole Ukraine's Killer Dolphin Army
Family of young girl hit by baseball at Oriole Park files lawsuit
S.C. man accused of whacking girlfriend with anger-management book
Upstate college to offer course on Miley Cyrus
Ukraine's armada of killer spy dolphins seized by Russian navy
BBC News - Cash machine 15in off the ground
All university male students in North Korea are now required by law to get the same goofy haircut as supreme leader Kim Jong Un
This Ridiculous One-Paragraph Essay By A UNC Athlete Got An A-Minus
California Democrat And Gun Control Advocate Charged With Arms Trafficking
Chris Christie cleared of bridge traffic role by attorneys he hired
Survive the Zombie Apocalypse With Corpse Perfume
Woman's Magazine SELF ridicules and bashes a woman with Brain cancer, because she wore a tutu during a marathon to support cancer charities.
Leland Yee Crusaded For Gun Control Before Indictment On Gun Charges
NJ governor's internal investigation clears him in 'Bridgegate'
North Korea makes leader Kim Jong Un's haircut compulsory for students
#nomakeupselfie raises 'unprecedented' £8m for cancer research
Arson attempt with bacon by woman with last name of "Crispi"
Woman named Crispi tries to set ex-boyfriend's house on fire with bacon
March 27, 2014 | The David Pakman Show
Philippines, MILF rebels sign historic peace deal
Rules for men's basketball team at U of Georgia: no orgies, hickeys or date rape
Elite British bridge player drops dead from excitement after playing rare winning hand
FDA Recalls Homeopathic Products For Containing Actual Medicine
Driving Instructor arrested for OWI
Ken Ham Calls on Bill Maher to Repent: 'I Truly Fear for His Soul'
Mystery of glowing Virgin Mary statue visited by hundreds in Belgium is solved... after scientists discover it was covered in luminous paint.
Federal Judge Cautions Women Lawyers Not To Dress Like Ignorant Sluts
Miley Cyrus course offered at Skidmore College in New York
Chemists Decree: Don't Pee in the Pool
Putin wants Russians to get in shape. Can Steven Seagal help?
Kim Jong-Un planning World War strategies using Xbox games
Skidmore College Will Offer a Class on Miley Cyrus
Cocaine-Addled Naked Man Rides Tricycle Through New Jersey Apartment Complex
Crazy Kim Jong-Un planning World War III...from his XBOX
Dogecoin raises $40,000 to sponsor Nascar driver
Skidmore college to offer course on Miley Cyrus
Boston Bombing Suspect Avoided CIA, FBI Because His Last Name Was Misspelled In DHS Database
Meet the Ronald-tinios: The Brazilian dwarf team that are taking the country by storm
Bionic Olympics to be hosted in 2016
Christie is innocent, says Christie-ordered internal review
BBC News - Russia: 'Male' kangaroo gives birth in Siberia
Neil deGrasse Tyson 'Cosmos' T.V. Series: The Creation Museum Wants to Be a Part of the Carl Sagan Reboot
SFGate Christie is innocent, says Christie-ordered internal review
After Expelling Jews in 1492, Spain Considers Inviting Them Back
UK police action over "liking" a Facebook post could signal a dangerous prosecution trend
This 'paper' submitted by a University of North Carolina athlete received an A-
Man swallows fork in 'stupid' drunken bet
Mom Jailed for Breastfeeding While Drinking, Waitress Fired Over It
Westboro Baptist Church Askes Public Not To Picket Phelps Funeral
Alabama candidate takes shot, literally, at Obamacare in ad
Ukraine's killer dolphins will never surrender, a former defense minister says
Attempted suicide, because he couldn't get a good selfie
Celeb PR guru Max Clifford does not have small 'micro-penis', court hears
Russia's Newest Weapon: Combat Dolphins
Self magazine editor apologizes for making fun of cancer survivor's tutu
Taco Bell President Says Canada Will Get Breakfast 'When You Take Justin Bieber Back'
Gun Grabbing CA Senator Nabbed in Gun Running Sting
Zac Efron Beaten Up By a Hobo
Tim Duncan, Spurs terrified by ghosts at Berkeley's Claremont Hotel
Steven Seagal: Vladimir Putin's Crimea actions very reasonable
Kim Jong-Un planning World War III...from his XBOX
Putin's Privatized Propaganda Machine Cranks Up Crimea Message
Verizon: U.S. So Competitive, It Doesn't Need Neutrality Rules
Tara Reid Wears White Bikini To The Beach, Develops Close Friendship With Sand
Kim Jong-un Mandates North Korean Haircuts
Arizona parents starve infant in order to pay for Netflix
My cousins got a ticket for singing too loud
'Male' kangaroo gives birth in Siberia
Greensboro considering banning saggy pants on city buses
BBC News - Tesco refuses to sell Liam Whelan, 16, teaspoons pack
Bill Murray 'accidentally' stops bank robbery in Tokyo
Woman Named Crispi Tried to Burn Ex's House Down with a Pound of Bacon
Companies Find Autism Can Be a Job Skill
Woman Named Crispi Tries to Burn Ex's House Down with a Pound of Bacon
Obama Defends Iraq Invasion: At Least America 'Sought' To Get UN Backing
San Francisco Billboards Shame Drivers With Actual Photos of Them Texting
Disgruntled worker who is 'not a female or a male' sues for $518,682 over PRONOUNS
Jessica Dutro murder trial: Motive for Tigard killing was 4-year-old's perceived homosexuality, prosecutors say
Zac Efron Beaten by Homeless Men
Anti-Video Game Legislator Leland Yee Arrested for Playing Real-Life Like GTA
Wisconsin woman attacks DJ during 30th birthday party over his song selection
Colbert Tweet Triggers Firestorm, #CancelColbert Twitter Trend
Woman sentenced to 30 years in prison for pushing husband off cliff just eight days into marriage
Oregon woman beat 4-year-old son to death because she thought he was gay
Switzerland Will Host the First Bionic Olympics in 2016
New Cell Phone Law Has Made It Illegal To Jailbreak Your Phone [x-post /r/jailbreak]
Venezuela to Probe Crossword Puzzles' Role in Protests
Debunking the Attempted Debunking of Our 10 Poverty Myths, Debunked
Ukraine's secret unit of spy dolphins have defected to Russia
Family finds enormous 'Ratzilla' in their kitchen
Hong Kong Parents Are Photoshopping Their Babies' Photos to Help Them Get Into Kindergarten
Cheese factory in Siberia closed after employees bathe in milk.
Gangs of 'Powerfully Built' Women Are Mugging Tourists on the Streets of Hong Kong
MLB Mascots Are Using Twitter To Try To Get In Mrs. Met's Pants
Gwyneth Paltrow says it's 'very difficult' being working mom
"Is it preposterous to think a Black Hole caused Flight 370 to go missing?" asks Don Lemon of CNN.
Russia sends troops, Obama administration sends a selfie
BlackBerry takes legal action over leaked secrets
Russian city Chelyabinsk sends DiCaprio cast-iron Ascar as consolation prize for losing four Oscars
Philippines, MILF seal historic peace deal
Miley Cyrus ruins dying girls "Make-A-Wish" moment
Killer shark 'inexplicably aggressive.'
BlackBerry reports $423-million loss, CEO 'very pleased' with progress
Judge: Don't be too sexy for this court
Father builds guillotine and chops off own hand in bid to end years of agony
Company asks every employee to pay $1,600 to bail company chairman out of jail
Russian dairy plant closed after workers bathe in the milk
Man attempts to break into High Point home, woman chases him with rake handle
Gwyneth Paltrow thankful for support
Russia Considers UN Vote on Crimea Annexation a 'Victory'
How Autism Can Help You Land a Job
Newt Gingrich's Plan to Stave off the Apocalypse
Georgia teen spends $31K mistakenly deposited into account, now bank wants it back
Steven Seagal: Vladimir Putin is one of the 'great world leaders'
Georgia hoops' policy: No hickeys, orgies, multiple girlfriends
Hotel staff bar Swedish Roma activist from breakfast - Diana Nyman alleges she was discriminated against while in Stockholm to speak against anti-Roma prejudice.
Record Breaking Number Of Girls 'Fingerbanged' During Clubnight
'Colbert Report' Joke Deemed More Offensive Than Other 'Colbert Report' Jokes
My name is Ron, and I am a food addict
Burger King offer to cater Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's wedding
UK to legalize DVD and CD ripping for personal use
Homeopathic drug company caught putting actual drugs in its remedies
Miley Cyrus class to be taught at Skidmore College
Taco Bell Says Canada Won't Be Getting Breakfast Until They Take Back Justin Bieber (Video)
Censorship Is Free Speech, US Judge Rules
Teen to government: Change your typeface, save millions
GOPer Drops Out Of Colorado Election Due To White Supremacist Ties
NFL fans will soon be able to request cheerleaders to visit their seats
Man Murdered After Raping His Friend's Cow
Body odor prompts 911 call from Missouri town's city hall
Neil Degrasse Tyson's Cosmos Causes 27 Local School Children Demonic Possession.
Giant rat caught in Finland
Someone Is Going to Follow Rob Ford Around With a Tuba for a Whole Day
The most terrifying Kickstarter project of ever: A brony dating simulation
GOP candidate with ties to white supremacy group dropping out of race
The most terrifying Kickstarter project ever: A brony dating simulation game
Ed Farrell, Arizona Vice Mayor, Shamed For Praising Fred Phelps After Being Confused By Satirical Article
Cold Canadian spring weather sees Canadian Geese flying back south
LAPD: All cars are under investigation
Autopsy Confirms Texas Cop Literally Killed Student for Being Sarcastic
Woman Torches Car After Man Refuses To Buy Her McFlurry
Pinterest hacked, accounts replaced with photos of hot butts
Men in North Korean 'ordered to get Kim Jong-un's haircut'
Israeli Archeologist Uncovers Proof Judas Smoked Marijuana
Missouri man smells so bad that police remove him from City Hall
A terrifying precedent: Woman to be tried for murder for giving birth to stillborn.
Russia Has Taken Control of Ukraine's Military Attack Dolphins
Man Cuts Porcupine From Its Dead Pregnant Mother
Arizona Pol Apologizes For Praising Fred Phelps After Onion Obituary Dupes Him
Stephen Colbert outraged at "Stephen Colbert" for outraging Twitter
Devon man used home-made guillotine to chop off his own hand before setting it on fire
A good trip: Researchers are giving psychedelics to cancer patients to help alleviate their despair - and it's working
Minnesota legislators consider renaming Asian carp
Pawtucket teacher accused of assaulting student over cookie
Passing motorist delivers baby porcupine by C-section after its mother is killed by car
Body Odor Prompts Police Call in Hannibal, Mo.
After police pursuit in Santa Monica, jig is up for pig
Arab League leaders agree not to agree
Pope Francis goes to Confession
Theater calls cops on diabetic man for bringing in strawberries
Arab Leaders Agree to Not Agree
U Of Alabama Sororites Win Right To Ban Blacks
Brooklyn Movie Theater Calls Cops On Diabetic Moviegoer Who Brought in Strawberries
Support for the Death Penalty Is Strongest Among Religious White People
Rick Santorum's Wholesome Film Studio Has a Smutty Anime Secret
If You Support The Death Penalty, You're Probably White
Arizona vice mayor praises Fred Phelps on Facebook with link to satirical Onion obituary
Police use classical music to stop young people from hanging out at Westfield Knox shopping centre
This Zombie Inspired Beer is Made With Actual Brains
One Day, Facebook Will Provide Internet with Drones and Lasers
Man pretends to be mayor and fools town
Charlotte's Web: A Marijuana Strain Named After A Little Girl Could Drastically Improve People's Lives
Columbia Pictures reportedly working on 'dark, edgy' Sonic the Hedgehog movie
Sixth Grade Whiz Figures Out How to Save the Government Almost $400 Million by Changing Fonts
Ga. teen accused of spending cash after bank error
Live News Report Photobombed by a Unicorn Wearing a Tutu. Seriously.
Illinois Man Bowls Near-Perfect Game Backward
Student arrested after buying bottled water mistaken for beer files lawsuit against state
Christian Video Game Developers Blame Satan for Their Failures
Grandson of British Lord launches gangster rap career
'Anti-Aging' Hormone May Actually Shorten Life
Los Angeles Cops Argue All Cars in LA Are Under Investigation
KS high school apologizes for only inviting black students on a field trip
Sinkhole large enough to swallow a car, or two, in Detroit
Fake villages will greet President Obama and other G8 world leaders in Fermanagh
Women Not Allowed To Serve Food At Hague Summit 'In Case Men Get Distracted'
Bigamist couple tie the knot after meeting online when both fail to tell the other they are ALREADY MARRIED
Drag Queen Beats Up 6 Women In A Bar
Stolen Cellphones, Drug Tent and Shrimp Fraud Uncovered In Operation at 12th and Jackson
Farrell praises Westboro head in Facebook post
Extreme Jenga whole building collapses after engineer took out the wrong brick
Boy dies after sneezing fit
4th year biology majors at YEC Bryan College score in 99th percentile on standardized evolution exams
4th year biology majors at Creationist Bryan College score in 99th percentile on standardized evolution exams
Homeopathic remedies contaminated with real medicine get recalled.
Darth Vader nominated by Internet Party to run for Ukrainian presidency
Former Porn Actress Booted From Neo-Nazi Party For Miscegenation
Headmaster Accused of Owning Goblins, Ordered to Leave School
At University of Virginia, 70-year-old Undergrad Cheers Cavaliers in March Madness
Oculus didn't expect such a negative reaction to Facebook deal
Energy Drinks Contain Ingredient Extracted From Bull Urine And Semen
Man with suicidal victim's heart takes own life.
India's Hitler clothing shop owners to choose new name
Overweight People Less closer to Death than Underweight
E-Trade's talking baby quits over singing cat
Gwyneth Paltrow Thanks You for Your Support With a Quick Chicken Recipe
Darth Vader Running For President of Ukraine: Ukrainian Internet Party Pays $225K Fee For Candidacy
Darth Vader Will Run For President of Ukraine
Canadian Inuit post 'sealfies' in protest over Ellen DeGeneres' Oscar-night selfie
How to Not Get Creeped out by a Chain Letter
Man sues McDonald's for $1.5 million over napkin
Jersey Man Takes Dump In Police Car Then Eats Own Finger
Two Christian SC Senators Block Third Grader's State Fossil Proposal Because Jesus
Man does C-section on dead porcupine, saves baby
Pokemon USA threatens to sue cancer researchers
Quebec Green Party candidate told he's not eligible to vote
Dear Daughter: I Hope You Have Awesome Sex
Jerry Sandusky's wife lashes out at accusers: "[A]ll these young kids, all they think about is sex."
Real life Ken and Barbie Meet, hate at first sight
100 Cats Rescued from House Belonging to Hoarder Twin Sisters
Andhra school strips 5-year-old child for being 'mischievous'
At Oklahoma hospital, doctors no longer allowed to prescribe birth control
Why Is a Florida Man Facing Life in Prison For Lending a Friend His Car and Going to Sleep?
Dog mistaken for coyote released into wild.
Past is back to haunt porn star turned neo-Nazi
Paddy Power opens bets on which animal is likely to be killed next at Copenhagen Zoo
Brazilians say women in revealing clothes deserve rape
TV's Judge Joe Brown jailed by real judge after courtroom argument, court says
Breath-taking NZ scenery forms backdrop of blue film
North Korea: Kim Jong-un 'Plans All-out Nuclear War Using Xbox'
Driver dies of heart attack after knocking down person. Accident victim survives.
Nazi porn star kicked out of the party for having sex with black man.
German porn star dropped by Neo-Nazi party for having sex with black male
Is Wikipedia Really a Steaming Turd?
Mark Goddard: Dad refused NHS operation builds GUILLOTINE to amputate his own hand - but it still hurts
Could fecal DNA database solve Boulder's dog waste dilemma?
Egyptian Columnist: Egypt Should Sue Israel For The Ten Plagues, Turkey For The Ottoman Occupation, France For The Napoleonic Invasion, And Britain For Colonialism
British Scientists Clone Dinosaur
Egypt monitors social media for anti-Sisi hashtag
Reports: JPMC doctors no longer allowed to prescribe birth control
Sun, sex and a baby: the unusual package holiday for Danes
Detroit's tourism slogan: "Enjoy the D"
Man dressed as Bigfoot killed trying to provoke sightings
Bigfoot suit man killed trying to create sasquatch sighting
Loveland police seek 'heavy set' robbers of big and tall store
Chocolate Digestives revelation could change the face of biscuit eating forever
Bible video game developers fail to raise $100,000 on Kickstarter, Satan to blame
Teen in Coma Who Dropped Ten Ecstasy at Once is "Legend" According to Friends
'Satan is scheming against us,' say Bible game developers
College offers a course on Miley Cyrus, but not twerking
Man Arrested, Searched For Marijuana Solely For Having Colorado License Plate
Pheromone parties: one way to sniff out a new lover
Australian Human Rights Commissioner Tim Wilson claims that allowing free speech (eg being allowed to call people "Nigger") will actually help cure bigotry
Facebook Is Building A Whole Fleet Of Drones To Spread The Internet
Park Slope Kids Salon: Stop Calling Your Wifi "LuLu's Anal Bleaching"
Homeopathic Drops and Pills Recalled Because They Might Contain Real Medicine
Dennis Rodman Plays in Basketball Game While Dressed as Drag Queen
Maricopa mayor's Fred Phelps Onion obit mea culpa
Mom, dad planned child sex abuse before kids were born
Media Blackout Exposed: Public Schools Talk Children Into Becoming Gay (Shocking Pics)
14 Coke-Filled Condoms Addressed to Vatican Intercepted
Thousands of junior footballers in up to 150 leagues will be forced to play with no scoreboard, ladders or match results under the shake-up designed to promote participation rather than competition.
Junior football in Australia to remove scoreboards, match results and ladder
GOP Bill Would Force Divorcing Women To Get Permission Before Sex
British Teen's Obsession with Perfect Selfie Nearly Kills Him
British Teen's Obsession with Perfect Selfie Nearly Killed him
Iran Names 1979 U.S. Embassy Hostage-Taker Its UN Envoy
Uni of Alabama all-white sororities win right to remain racist after rejecting two applicants for being black
A Theater in Sussex Has Burnt Down After Being Hired By "The Cliffe Bonfire Society"
Man arrested after driving drunk to police station looking for restroom
Man sues after getting hurt while climbing rock in city park
Why You Don't Smell Like a Dog
Woman: 79-year-old neighbor shot my dog for 'doing her business' in his yard
Bible game developer claims Satan is responsible for their failures
Gay-To-Straight Program Included In All Tennessee K-12 School Classrooms Beginning May 1st
Student claims college instructor spent months teaching class the 'wrong' course
Act failing to stop black-on-black racism, says Wesley Aird
Lone Person Awkwardly Slow-Claps at Conclusion of Obama Summit Remarks
CUPS Froyo, The Hooters Of Frozen Yogurt, Exists
Man does c-section on porcupine roadkill, saves baby
Pat Robertson says Jesus wouldn't bake a cake for a gay wedding
One Percenter Convicted Of Raping Infant Child Dodges Jail Because He 'Will Not Fare Well'
China censors Winnie the Pooh from online searches after photo emerges of president Xi Jinping that makes him look like the children¿s favourite
Will 'seized' Ukrainian combat dolphins switch allegiance to Russia?
Judge said du Pont heir 'will not fare well' in prison
Man swept out to sea during Sunday morning baptism
Maine man in search of valuable mineral performs C-section on dead porcupine, saves baby
Christian Video Game Company Blames Satan for Lack of Funding
Steven Seagal Considers Vladimir Putin a 'Brother' & 'One of the Great World Leaders' - and May Even Move to Russia Someday
Steven Seagal favors Putin over Obama and says he may emigrate to Russia
Drunken driver arrested after stopping at police station to find bathroom
Ukraine's Darth Vader bids to lead nation to the dark side
George R.R. Martin Signs Contract That Forbids Him From Dying Before Finishing His Book Series
Star Wars Villain Vader running to be president in Ukraine.
Steven Seagal Applauds Putin Over Crimea, Eyes Russian Citizenship
Roofer rescued from scaffolding in Plymouth after suffering from vertigo
Ukrainian Presidential candidate Darth Vader promised to resolve the issue with the Crimea within three days (article in russian)
Israel to pay for 10 Plagues?
The Flaming Lips to release a companion album to Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon
China's first lady applauded as she ditches iPhone 5 for Chinese brand.
Brilliant Putin is the leader I most admire, says Nigel Farage
Rapper Benzino shot by nephew while on the way to his mother's funeral
Jude Medcalf: 'Giant' criminal freed because he's too big for prison
Dallas Police: Man Sends Dick Pic With Job Application, Still Doesn't Have a Job
Government takes important step towards modernising copyright - Press releases
White House looks to regulate cow flatulence as part of climate agenda
Nigel Farage: Vladimir Putin is the World Leader I Most Admire
Nigel Farage: 'Putin Is Leader I Admire Most'
One person successfully removed from the gov't no-fly list
Man missing after being swept out to sea during baptism ceremony
Coffee smoking becoming popular among teens
Student Claims Professor Taught Wrong Class For Entire Semester
Why pimps can fit in at the Harvard Business School
Bags of Mountain Air Offered in Smog-Addled Chinese City
Wal-Mart has a lower acceptance rate than Harvard
Man calls religious hotline seeking permission to hack ex-wife's Facebook page
Chromeo "White Women" Release Date And Cover Art Announced In Craigslist Missed Connections Ad
Man in search of shrooms rips open dead porcupine, delivers baby
Anti-Rob Ford signs tout 'better' mayoral candidates who 'urinate in public' but 'NEVER get caught on camera'
Smoking bans can help kids' health, researchers say
Oculus founder didn't expect "so many death threats" after Facebook deal
Israeli students dress up as KKK members and march by an Ethiopian immigration center.
International Surfing Association admits latest member nation ... Afghanistan
Firefighter who rescued 6-foot python: 'I would do it for any creature'
Austin, TX: Man taped knives to hands like 'Wolverine' and threatened family
Pheromone parties claim to put science into search for love by allowing you to choose a mate by odor
Pheromone parties: Can you really sniff your way to love (or sex)?
New York beauty died seeking cheap plastic surgery in Dominican Republic: report
Gay-To-Straight Program To Be Included In All Tennessee School Curriculum Beginning May 1st
Man charged £450 for a loaf of bread
Dennis Rodman, in drag, plays exhibition game in Buenos Aires
Woman spends $27K on plastic surgery to look like Jennifer Lawrence; cannot buy "spunky" personality, good sense
Police search for person who shaved pet cats fur
Asian Women Need To Stop Dating White Men
US man swept out to sea in baptism
Darth Vader Is Running For President Of Ukraine
Popular in Norway: A Reality TV Show Starring Birds
Clowns say work has dried up as the 'cynical' public now views them as sinister
Mother of Trayvon Martin releases new single
Woman arrested after missing rolex found in her vagina
OKCupid Website Blocks Firefox Because of Mozilla CEO's Anti-Gay Beliefs
Ala. Congressional candidate Will Brooke shoots holes in ObamaCare... Literally
Seven a day 'better than five' fruit and veg portions
Woman Steals $35,000 Rolex, Hides It In Her Vagina
Fox News Might Want To Revise Its Laughably Bad Obamacare Graphic
Bags of fresh air sent to one of China's most polluted cities as smog worsens
Man has sex with chicken pasty, burns penis. Intends to sue.
Judge rules against Iran because of 9/11
Man has sex with hot Greggs pasty - burns penis.
Man Swept To Sea During Baptism Ceremony In Santa Barbara County
Egypt May Sue Israel for Plagues Described in Exodus « KRON4
At Long Last, Your Company Can Advertise on Airline Barf Bags
A Du Pont Heir Was Given Probation For Raping His 3-Year-Old Daughter Because He Wouldn't 'Fare Well' In Prison
Du Pont heir dodged prison for raping 3-year-old daughter after judge ruled he 'would not fare well' behind bars
Allegedly drunk drivers stagger police with their 'stupidity'
Alleged Drug Buyer Dials Wrong Number, Calls St. Cloud Police Officer
Man accused of 'barbecuing' meth on his apartment balcony
Abbotsford man accused of 'barbecuing' meth on his apartment balcony
Why Peeing in the Pool Is Chemical Warfare
Venomous Snake Invades Australian Rugby Game
Vladimir Putin 'wants to regain Finland' for Russia, adviser says
On the Internet, every day is April Fools' Day
Still on Windows XP? Here's Some Bad Advice
Pat Robertson Says Jews Are Too Busy Polishing Diamonds To Fix Their Cars
New data from the American Chemical Society shows that peeing in the pool creates chemicals harmful to human health, including one that can be used as a chemical weapon.
Flight Attendant Quietly Informs First Class Passengers Where Real Emergency Exits Are
Crocodile stolen from daycare centre. Class pet was used to distract frightened children leaving their parents for the first time.
MH370 kept hidden at top-secret US military base
O'Reilly: Conservatives Should 'Rethink' Alternative Energy, Root for Tesla to Succeed
Ukraine's Darth Vader bids to lead nation to the dark side (The Guardian)
Search ends for man swept out to sea during beach baptism
Polluted Chinese City Gets Bags of Clean Mountain Air
ANU ducks no longer playing chicken with cars
Alaska priest arrested for triad of sins: drugs, guns and booze
What 'The Simpsons' Says About Ukraine's Language Divide
'Dracula's not to blame for killing'
Turkish elections power blackout culprit found: A cat
Bomber's Device Exploded in Face 'After Forgetting About Clocks Changing'
Andrew Frey: Oregon man high on meth fights 15 police officers 'while masturbating in bar'
Man allowed Hyena to eat his genitals because a witch doctor told him it would make him rich
SXSW earns Guinness World Record for Most Lorde Covers at a Festival
Rangers fans turn memorial statue into garbage can on opening day
French artist starts fortnight inside bear
Indonesia: Bali 'quiet' as Hindus mark day of silence
Sailor so 'rich' he forgot $100K yacht
British sniper in Afghanistan kills six Taliban with one bullet
Sniper kills six Taliban with one bullet
Egyptian Farmer to serve prison time for naming donkey after Sisi
Scratch That: One Cat's Struggle With Internet Stardom
Glenn Beck sued for defamation after calling victim of Boston Marathon bombings the 'money man' behind attack
Military Cross for the 'bomb magnet' soldier blown up 17 times
Covered California Sends Deaf Callers To Hotline Offering 'Hot Ladies'
Prisoner to become Britain's youngest grandfather at 27
'Bomb magnet' soldier wins Military Cross after being blown up 17 TIMES
CEO of Bitcoin™ Officially Bans China
Geese flee Olentangy banks after lasers, explosions
New data shows dramatic rise in a new form of tendinitis known as "selfie elbow"
Space Station Robot Forgets Key Again.
60 minutes admits adding sounds to Tesla report will fix
Nate Silver Predicts GOP Senate Win, Democrats Promptly Freak Out
NY Student Accepted at All 8 Ivy League Schools
California's Obamacare Website Directs Deaf Users to Phone Sex Hotline
[No Spoilers] George R.R. Martin Signs Contract That Forbids Him From Dying Before Finishing His Book Series
Starbucks Apologizes for Satanic Foam Art in Baton Rouge
Starbucks apologizes for satanic symbols in coffee foam at Baton Rouge store
How Facebook became the new front in Mexico's drug war.
Irish Teenager died after Ed Sheeran sang to her
Rob Ford thinks Don Draper's real
School bus driver with 4 previous arrests for driving under the influence is arrested for driving under the influence.
China: Tiananmen massacre a myth
South Carolina legislator seeks to give God credit for state fossil
Girl, 16, stabbed 65 times following Facebook argument
Don Baylor breaks leg in bizarre accident on ceremonial first pitch on opening day
Prisoner serving sentence for murder to become Britain's youngest grandfather
Jailed murderer set to become Britain's youngest grandfather at 27
Mother kills 4-year-old son for "being gay"
Monks perform facial ritual on women
Opposition ballots found in trash bags in southern Turkey
Accidental voicemail catches RCMP mocking assault complainant
Palestinians Condemned for Visiting Nazi Death Camps
Lego is a tool of Satan, warns Polish priest
Mexican Potatoes Now More Welcome in U.S. Than Actual Mexicans
4 Senators Mauled During Congressional Tiger Show
Starbucks Apologizes to Louisiana Woman Over Satanic Caramel Drizzle
Oculus VR Staff Receive Death Threats Over Facebook Deal
Starbucks apologizes to LA woman over Satanic caramel drizzle
Sex isn't what sells classical music, Nicola Benedetti says
Kim Kardashian Attacked By An Elephant Mid-Selfie
Hobby Lobby Invests In Abortion Pill Manufacturers
GOP Candidate Is Secretly a Vampire; This Is Not an April Fools' Joke
Woman, 31, struck by lightning in South Berkeley
Mexican Marines kill leader of the Knights Templar
Ukraine agrees to host NATO war games
Glenn Beck and his source know where Malaysian Airlines missing plane is...
Florida Man Runs for Congress, Embraces His Cosplay/Rape Fantasy Past
Lego is a tool of Satan which turns children 'to the dark side', warns Polish priest
Blacks may soon be able to vote in city elections
Should Puerto Rico Consider Joining The Russian Federation?
Conservatives to women: Lean back
Kim Kardashian breaks from selfies to comment on Syria
Rick Perry orders Texas prisons not to follow federal rape prevention law
Nun Warns Students Not To Masturbate Lest They Be Turned Gay
Nun Reportedly Tells Students Masturbation, Divorced Parents Can Make Someone Gay
New Jersey Holocaust Survivor, 83, Charged in Hit-and-Run That Killed Bicyclist
Angels coach Don Baylor breaks leg during ceremonial first pitch
Occupy founder calls on Obama to appoint Eric Schmidt 'CEO of America'
Starbucks apologizes to Louisiana teacher for satanic foam art
Malawian man lets hyena eat his genitals because witch doctor said it would make him rich
Appetite for selfie-destruction: British government plans to ban selfies
'Hannity' Uncovers Wild Behavior on Spring Break in Florida
Girl Scout sells 117 boxes of cookies in two hours outside Marijuana clinic
Urinating in the swimming pool could result in a deadly chemical weapon
Man Wearing 'Breaking Bad' Shirt Arrested For Running Meth Lab - Again
Penn Women's Lacrosse Team Accused of Trashing Bar, Exposing Genitals, Smoking Pot and Tipping Poorly
Acura Celebrates 28 years as America's Top Luxury Automotive Brand, Alphabetically
Kim Kardashian tweets about conflict in Syria
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Cut His Salary to $1
Teenager apologises for slapping Asda worker with fish
Puppy shoots Florida man, deputies say
Satanists Win Lottery 3 times in One Month
I Tried Smoking Coffee, and It Made Me Feel Like Shit
Saudi Arabia declares all atheists are terrorists in new law to crack down on political dissidents
Alleged Silk Road owner says he can't be guilty of money laundering if bitcoin isn't money
Hawaii police could lose right to have sex with streetwalkers
Amateur Photographer Concludes that a Better Camera Takes Better Pictures
April Fool's joke on school shooting sends Upstate woman to jail
La. senator: 'Chicken boxing' is not cockfighting
'Dead' man walking, morgue staff running
Freelance journalist: 'Hijacked flight 370 passenger sent photo from hidden iPhone tracing back to secret U.S. military base Diego Garcia'
Student medical journal recalled over 'illegal drug recipe'
Sporran wearers may need licence - BBC
Woman decorates dog shit with strawberries, cream and Nutella to shame lazy pet owners
Japan's biggest organized crime syndicate launches own website, complete a corporate song and strong anti-drugs message
Japan's biggest organized crime syndicate launches own website, complete with corporate song and strong anti-drugs message
Japanese mobsters launch own website
Woman uses bacon to burn down ex's house
Scottish-born Aussie Norrie wins right to be recognised as 'gender neutral'
I correct God's mistakes: South Korean sex change doctor
California insurance provider mistakenly directs hearing impaired to sex hotline
Andrea and Colin Chisholm Arrested After Living on Yacht While Collecting Welfare
Lesbian-Only Cemetery Being Inaugurated in Berlin
Is Lego really the work of Satan?
3 Johane Masowe members nearly murdered as punishment for being too popular
Hwange boy found sweating while having sex with a donkey
Gumbura released from prison, vows to sire 100 children
92% of Afghan men have never heard of 9/11
NY College to Offer Miley Cyrus Class, Twerk-Free
Maryland Declares Official Civilization V Day
Cleaver-wielding takeaway worker acquitted of attempting to murder 'nagging' boss in row over vegetables
Pranking the homeless: Glendale shelter is transformed
Scientists Beam Light in Front of Dolphins, Accidentally Create Rainbow Lasers.
Stolen Gauguin painting 'hung on factory worker's wall'
Detroit spends more money issuing parking fines than it collects from them
Samuel L. Jackson performs slam poem about 'Boy Meets World' on Fallon
Couple Arrested After Living on Yacht While Collecting Welfare
Device exploded in bomber's face after he 'forgot about clocks changing'
German landlord tries to collect rent with chainsaw
North Korea names its space agency NADA
Police: Man upset that someone keeps mailing pot to his house
SUV Crashes into Drivers Education School
One tooth free for Fife's Hicks, Sven ate nine Tench
Bangkok scrap workers killed opening suspected WW2 bomb with blow torch
Georgia soldier moves daughter's messy bedroom to driveway on Monday
Why Garamond Won't Save The Government $467 Million A Year
Italian D.J. Fights to Keep Culinary Traditions
Catholic Nun To Students: 'Masturbation Makes Boys Gay And Gay Parents Abuse Their Kids'
Italy police seize makeshift tank built by Venice separatists
Burglary Suspect Gets Trapped in Arby's Vent Overnight
Starbucks Sorry for Satanic Symbols in Coffee Foam
Student fell to death after eating pot cookie
Samuel L. Jackson Performs Slam Poem About Boy Meets World
Supreme Court Strikes Down Aggregate Campaign Contribution Limits
Pooping in Florida courthouse elevator lands woman in mound of trouble
President Obama's Announcement of Health-Care Numbers Angers Opponents of Math
4K Porn Is Coming, But Is It Too HD For Porn?
New Reality Show Tricks Women Into Believing Prince Harry Is The Bachelor
Blundering bomber 'blew himself up after forgetting to put his watch forward and device went off too soon'
2nd Alec Guinness written during Star Wars shoot is released.
Daylight saving time mistake may have caused Dublin car bomber to blow himself up
Dem senator tells gay colleague to 'act more gay'
S.C. gets dose of the Bible with its mammoth fossil
No-nonsense soldier moves messy daughter's room to driveway
Seven killed when workers attempt to split bomb using torch.
South Africa distributes colored and flavored condoms to fight HIV
Harvard discovers three of its library books are bound in human flesh
Bomber accidentally blows himself up after forgetting to adjust his watch for Daylight Saving Time
Tennessee Passes Bill Allowing LGBT Students To Be Bullied In The Name Of 'Religious Freedom'
Starbucks Apologizes To Louisiana Woman For Satanic Latte Art
Judge: Don't be too sexy for this cour
Starbucks Apologizes After Woman Finds Satanic Symbols in Coffee
Kim Jong Un Sent 'Model Airplane' Drone, South Korea Alleges
Dublin Bomber's Device Exploded in Face 'After Forgetting About Clocks Changing'
Bomber blows himself up after forgetting to adjust his watch for Daylight Saving Time
Starbucks apologizes to woman who claims drinks were served with satanic messages
Romanians to sell sperm to save jobs
Crips Release DeSean Jackson Over Concern About His Affiliation with Washington Redskins Organization - SportsPickle
Rob Ford video puts the mayor's words into the mouth of a child (who 'did not do the crack')
Pizzateur Charges $1,000 for a side of Ranch
Starbucks says it's sorry a barista put a Satanic symbol in a Louisiana teacher's coffee
Ireland's first gay penguins make perfect match
Belle Chasse High School students facing suspension over hairstyle | New Orleans
Teenager apologises after slapping store employee in the face with a large bream
Australian government contemplates the option to boycott environmentally unfriendly companies
Atheist Suicide Bomber Kills Eighteen Agnostics
Lamar Alexander Wants To Know What Equal Pay Bill Does For Men
Lone Star College Professor Teaches Wrong Course for Entire Semester
Lobster found abandoned in Ontario parking lot may get flight home to Maritimes
Anti-Gay Activists: Day Of Silence Is 'Medical Malpractice,' 'Silences Conservatives'
South Carolina state fossil delayed while senators debate how to properly credit God
San Antonio swim coach under investigation after making student-athletes "bear crawl"
Man swept into ocean during baptism disappears
More Americans willing to try cannibalism than veganism, new study finds
Starbucks apologises to Louisiana Catholic schoolteacher for 'Satanic' drinks
Car Bomber Blows Self Up Because He Forgot to Adjust Watch for Daylight Savings
A homeopathic remedy is recalled-for containing medicine
Beard transplants a growing trend
Chile's big quake is not California's fault, scientists say
Dublin bomber may have blown himself up 'because he forgot about clocks changing'
CBN: Sweden Is Like North Korea
Australian government may ban environmental boycotts
This is the way the world ends.
Shooting Reported At 'Gun Free' Fort Hood Military Base
Being a Lesbian Causes Alzheimer's Disease
Exchange student falls to death in Denver after eating marijuana cookie
How the social media revolution ended the popularity of group sex in the AFL
Dubai Wants To Ban Poor People From Owning Cars To Clear Traffic
$425 million Powerball winner wants privacy
Florida Man Tries to Shoot Puppy, Puppy Shoots Him Instead (X-Post from /r/FloridaMan)
Marietta Police: Reported Pipe Bomb was Geocaching Piece
Starbucks apologizes to Louisiana woman for alleged Satanic symbols in coffee foam
If You Really, Really Like a Tweet, Now You Can Get It Etched into Wood or Metal
Police Prepare to Place Banner Ads on Pirate Sites
Desperate teens turn to smoking coffee for that sweet caffeine high
Diabetic Moviegoer: Theater Called Cops When I Refused to Throw Out Strawberries
Crime Stoppers Chief Eats the Evidence
Smoggy Chinese city imports bags of fresh mountain air
Chinese People Are Now Breathing Clean Air Out of Bags
Bags of Fresh Air Shipped to Polluted Chinese City
Busted: Business Software Alliance Steals Photo for "Snitch on a Pirate" Campaign
Pufferfish, Pufferfish, Pass: Dolphins 'Deliberately Get High' Off Of Pufferfish
Japanese mobsters launch their own website
Fort Hood shooter suffered from 'mental health issues'
Man Robs Shoe Store, Serves 15 Years, Robs It Again
Ted Cruz: Religious Liberties Under Attack
Bill Clinton on aliens: 'If we were visited some day I wouldn't be surprised'
Russell Wilson wants to be best ever.
Books Bound In Human Skin Are Spooky Reminder Of 'Macabre' Medieval Trend
Lego the building blocks of Satan, warns priest citing NZ study
Egypt calls for reparations - from biblical times
Marijuana linked to death of Colorado exchange student
Ketamine 'exciting' depression therapy.
Willie Nelson's armadillo stolen
There's a guy in India who is addicted to eating bricks
Bill Clinton 'Wouldn't be Surprised' if Aliens Exist
Microsoft is bringing the start menu back
German minister compares Putin's Ukraine moves to Hitler in 1938
Sarah Palin: Paul Ryan's New Budget Plan a 'Joke'
Charles Koch: I'm Fighting to Restore a Free Society
Bomber may have blown himself up 'because he forgot about clocks changing'
Glasgow 2014: Five Red Road flats demolished as part of opening ceremony
Five high rise flats which have been part of Glasgow's skyline for almost 50 years will be blown up as part of the Commonwealth Games opening ceremony
Body of Woman Who Committed Suicide Mistaken for Mannequin
Corpse Mistaken for April Fools' Prank in St. Pete
79 year old woman kills 3 by backing over them at church gets $1000 fine and a one year suspension of driving privileges.
Fake Meats, Finally, Taste Like Chicken
Lobster found in Ontario parking lot dies
Chinese residents line up for bags of fresh mountain air
Church Pumps Up Congregation With Gym and Tanning Equipment
Bill Clinton hopes when aliens visit Earth 'it's not like 'Independence Day''
Rogue alcoholic court reporter kept writing 'I hate my job'
Medieval poop barrels that still smell discovered in Denmark
Tower blocks to be demolished as part of Glasgow's Commonwealth Games opening ceremony
US secretly built 'Cuban Twitter' to stir unrest
Poll: Obamacare More Popular Than Obama
A feng shui master was buried alive by a mudslide moments after declaring a cemetery plot ideal for a client
Woman who fell down a well during sex left in the hole after her lover fled the scene
Renters Live In House For One Year Without Noticing Stench Of Decomposing Body
'I killed Sweden's most famous celebrity'
This Frenchman is currently living inside a bear's carcass. He calls it art.
Kate Middleton Wore the Same Outfit as Someone Else at a Wedding
Left-handed people have better sex says LELO 2014 Global Sex Survey
Bill Clinton on being the first black president, and aliens too
Masturbating Yogi Throws Dead Animal at Car, Gets Arrested
Man changed woman's $48 check payment for driveway work to $4,800
Ft. Hood shooter Ivan Lopez had mental health problems
Commonwealth opening ceremony to include flat demolition
Woman sued for $2 million after boyfriend torches squirrel on apartment deck, starts massive fire
Spring Break's Latest Menace? Horny Old Men.
Books bound in human flesh discovered in Harvard library
Meet Jake Rush, Florida Congressional Candidate and Vampire
Latest Crimea Casualty: Miley Cyrus?
Russian minister's advice to US over Crimea: do yoga and chill out
Masturbating Yogi Hurls Dead Animal At Car: Cops
Former Ukrainian President Wants a "Take Back" on Inviting Russian Troops Into Crimea
The Food and Drug Administration has proposed a regulation that could threaten happy hour. For cows.
Radio host rips MLB player for paternity leave, suggests C-section before season
Stuck in a lift? Wait three hours then we'll rescue you, say fire service
Starbucks apologizes over alleged satanic symbols drawn in drinks
Socrates Named 'Greatest Hipster in History'
Family claims woman prematurely declared dead, froze to death in hospital freezer
Teenager Rescued By Firefighters After Getting Stuck In Drain Trying To Retrieve iPhone
Swedes find 200-year-old gravestone in living room
DEA Administrator Tells Congress Her Agency Is "Fighting Back" Against Administration's Tolerance of Marijuana Legalization - "Leonhart claimed legalization would be dangerous to pets in Colorado and warned of a surge in veterinary clinic visits due to dogs consuming marijuana"
George W. Bush: My Painting Of Myself In The Bathtub Was Meant To 'Shock'
Can MDMA Make You Racist?
Skydiver nearly struck by meteorite
Alabama House approves call to put same-sex marriage ban in U.S. Constitution
CMU's Quidditch team travels to World Cup
Will U.S. Sanctions Stop Miley Cyrus Twerking in Finland?
George Bush to Voluntarily Release 24 Portraits of World Leaders
A Drunk Notre Dame Student Smashed Through The Walls Of A Local Spa And Ate All Their Hot Pockets
Vicar asks legal high addicts to stop using church hose to make bongs (X post from /r/newzealand)
Missing Alaska man found dead in his home after a year
Bronx man killed while attempting to surf on roof of No. 6 train
Alcoholic stenographer causes chaos in court by typing ONLY 'I hate my job, I hate my job' over and over
Armed activists planned to free Venice with 'tank'
Klan Guy Accuses Other Klan Guy of Not Being Racist Enough
'Masturbating' yogi 'throws dead animal at passing car'
In Brooklyn, Orthodox Jewish Women Lead Latest Dance Craze: Kosher Zumba
BEN HOROWITZ: I Asked My Employees To Work 7 Days A Week For 6 Months And They Loved It
Chicago Cubs Outfielder Wears Wrong Jersey Against Pittsburgh Pirates
Obama calls GOP budget plan a 'stinkburger'
Girl Gets Stuck In Drain After Dropping Phone
Fanshawe College Dismisses Alleged Resemblance Between Swastika And New School Logo
Religious freedom bill passes in Mississippi; gays worry
Miley Cyrus concert may be hit by US sanctions
Fox guest links Ft. Hood shooting to welfare recipients and immigrants 'who do nothing'
Fanshawe College denies swastika resemblance in new logo
Tractor theft leads RCMP on snowmobile chase near Red Deer
Russia Tells U.S. To Chill Out Over Crimea Crisis, Practice Yoga.
Bronx man busted after trying to get 250 bags of heroin back from rental car he returned
Senator shows up at wrong hearing and questions confused witness.
Town bans parents from calling child 'Wikileaks'
Crimea Crisis: Russia Tells U.S. To Chill Out, 'Practice Yoga'
Starbucks apologizes for barista's demonic writing in syrup.
Dallas Anesthesiologist Being Sued Over Deadly Surgery Admits to Texting, Reading iPad During Procedures
Mississippi Mayoral Hopeful Unveils Weaponized-Cannabis Platform
Starbucks apologizes for Satanic symbols in coffee foam
Jackson, MS Mayoral Candidate Gives Craziest Speech Ever
Court Reporter Causes Chaos By Repeatedly Writing 'I Hate My Job' On Trial Transcripts
Texas couple claims to have live chupacabra
NY court stenographer types 'I hate my job' over and over, jeopardizing cases
NYPD disperses crowd outside sneaker store
The new US World Cup jersey looks like an ice pop
MS mayoral candidate touts hemp's powers to dissolve and repel nuclear radiation
US secretly created 'Cuban Twitter' to stir unrest and undermine government
Planet Fitness tells teen that her tank top is making people uncomfortable
McConnell Opponent Surprised To Learn He Spoke At Cockfighting Rally
Local Restaurant Chain Bans Russian President From All Locations
Labor's WA Senate candidate Joe Bullock says his party can't be trusted
Google-owned Nest halts sales of its Protect fire alarm
9-Month-Old Boy Arrested in Alleged Assassination Plot in Pakistan
How To Spot A Masturbator
Japan's largest yakuza family launches website amidst falling membership
9-month-old booked for attempted murder
Norwegian skydiver nearly struck by meteorite
The Pro-Orgasm Movement - At a conference last weekend, practitioners of orgasmic meditation came together.
Grandmother 'was put in morgue freezer while still alive'
Feng shui master killed at 'perfect burial spot'
Climate change will 'lead to battles for food', says head of World Bank
DEA Chief: Please, Think Of The Dogs Before You Legalize Pot
Korean TV Network Bans Pop Song for Using Japanese
Chicago Cub plays entire inning wearing the wrong jersey.
Mouthwash use 'linked to oral cancer'
Skydiver almost hit by meteorite in midair, has video to prove it
Mighty Taco bans Russian President from all locations
Ukraine: 'Darth Vader' Presidency Bid Rejected
Police hunting 'mystery pooper' defecating on park slides
Louisiana Republican defends 'chicken boxing' in order to block anti-cockfighting law
Americans Aren't Sure If Flight 370 Vanished Thanks to Aliens, Terrorists, or Hide-and-Seek
Iceland's Prime Minister Says Climate Change Will be Great for Iceland
Moran Says $174,000 Per Year for Members of Congress Is 'Underpaid'
AMERICAN PSYCHIATRIC ASSOCIATION MAKES IT OFFICIAL: 'SELFIE' A MENTAL DISORDER
U.S. denies trying to overthrow Castro with Twitter clone
Xbox password flaw exposed by five-year-old boy
Mozilla exec out of job for gay rights intolerance. Some think that's intolerant.
Missing Performance Major, Presumed Dead, Found Alive in Practice Room
Russian envoy urges US officials to 'do yoga' to overcome focus on punishing Russia over Crimea
The Party Drug Molly Can Make You a Racist: Study
9 month-old baby accused of planning murder
Napoleon's penis size confirmed: Channel 4 documentary calls the artifact 'very small'
Georgia's "guns everywhere" bill celebrated by pro-gun lobby
Pakistan: Nine-month-old boy accused of planning murder
Housing Complex Clerk Mistakes Suicide Jumper's Body For April Fools' Prank
Pakistan policeman suspended for accusing baby of attempted murder
McDonald's 'should be evicted from Russia' after Crimea shutdown
E*Trade Replacing Talking Baby With Kevin Spacey
Lil' Boosie Announces Surprise Prison Show
700-Year-Old Poop Barrels Still Stink, Researchers Say
Russian envoy urges US officials to 'do yoga'
Cox Communications Announces New "Family Matters" Plan
Badgers should be gassed, says Princess Anne
Naked Cowboy breaks into homes
Forbes ranks Greater New Orleans No. 1 "Brainpower City" in the US
Oklahomans Fear the Giant Penis of Jesus
George W Bush exhibits his paintings of world leaders
Swedish restaurant called 'A [Expletive] Awesome Sandwich' opening for business soon
Florida man has sex with pit bull in his yard as neighbors beg him to stop
Seven Times Government Has Given Out Numbers to Phone Sex Lines
Turkey Blames Election Shenanigans on a Cat
George W. Bush reveals portrait of Vladimir Putin, says art was inspired by Russian leader dissing the size of his dog
Gawker bans 'Internet slang'
Court Reporter Ruins Transcripts By Repeatedly Typing "I Hate My Job"
Suspected drunken driver urinates in police car, injures sergeant's tooth (x-post from /r/DrunkNews)
'Mystery pooper' hits park slides, baffles police
Suspected drunken driver urinates in police car, injures sergeant's tooth
Pakistani baby accused of attempted murder
Senator goes to wrong hearing, blames Moscow
Man Falls Through Ceiling At DJ Snake Show
Self-defending giant anteater kills man
5-year-old Ocean Beach boy exposes Microsoft Xbox vulnerability
George W. Bush Unveils His Paintings of World Leaders
Seattle indie bars may soon go out of business, if hipsters have anything to say about it
Court Stenographer Types "I Hate My Job, I Hate My Job" During Court Cases
Myetery Pooper has police baffled in New Mexico
Congressman: Members of Congress are underpaid
Irish farmer claims to have bred goat-sheep hybrid, or 'geep'
Bush: Putin 'dissed' our pet, said his dog was 'bigger, stronger, faster'
Indiegogo allows upskirt photo gadget to remain on site
Ypsilanti is on alert for playground pooper who leaves his mark on park slides
Alberta Mounties bum ride on snowmobile to chase stolen John Deere tractor
No masks for janitors on faeces duty
An Ex-President, Brush in Hand, Captures His Fellow Leaders
The woman who lost a dog and gained 200 sloths
Facebook Friend Request Killer Arrested - Woman Killed 9 People Who Did Not Accept Her Friend Request - National Report
Xbox password flaw exposed by five-year-old boy [x-post /r/Games]
North Korea names space agency 'NADA,' and it's anything but 'nothing'
Copenhagen Zoo Kills Four Healthy Staff Members To Make Space for New Employees
TIL that MTV's 16 and pregnant has been linked to a decrease in teen pregnancies
Florida woman renews marriage vows with Ferris wheel named Bruce
Elephant hurt in drive-by shooting makes Tupelo comeback
Obama signs ban on public funding of presidential campaigns into law
George W. Bush Unveils Painting of Vladimir Putin
Irish Bomber 'Blew Himself Up Because He Forgot About Clocks Changing'
Police: Man flees with goat; goat eats citation papers
Nine-month-old boy accused of planning murder
5-Year Old Kid Finds A Security Exploit On The Xbox One, Gets A Researcher Credit
Federal Judge: Enough With the Stupid Names
General Tells Congress Troops Are Willing To Sacrifice Pay
Motorist, 21, Wearing A "Drunk As Shit" T-Shirt Is Arrested For Drunk Driving
Court Stenographer Types "I Hate My Job" During Court Cases
American Decency Association: Satan Behind Graham Cracker Ad Featuring Gay Couple
VIDEO: Mythical El Chupacabra finally captured?
Florida GOP Candidate Moonlights As Vampire Role-Player 'Chazz Darling'
Man Says Wife Froze to Death in Morgue
Muhammad Mosa Khan: Nine-month-old faces murder charges in Pakistan
Bomb explodes in mans face after he forgot about the clocks changing.
Florida House Candidate Was An Active 'Vampire' Role Player
Paula Deen abruptly shuts down restaurant, forgets to tell employees
Vampire-LARPing Candidate Accuses His Republican Opponent of Being Too Liberal
Gang of thugs spin frail elderly woman around in circles as she cries for help
Fire + Tornado = Fire Tornado | The Atlantic
Alanis Morissette embroiled in a legal row over alleged dog kidnap.
Priest Claims Legos Lead Children to the 'Dark Side'; Also Maybe to Satan
Mazda Recalling Cars Because of Fuel Addicted Spiders
Spiderwebs Blamed For Mazda Recall
CIA Put In Charge Of Declassifying Senate's Report That Condemns The CIA's Torture Program
Cop Pulls Gun On Fifth Graders Building Tree Fort
LEGO toys are tools of Satan leading children to 'dark side,' priest warns.
Koch Brothers Looking to Build an Improv Troupe
Happily disgusted? 15 new emotions ID'd
Xbox One Security Bypassed - by a 5-Year-Old Kid
Medieval Poop Found: Still Stinks
Speech Competition Punctuated With Kid Blowing Chunks On Medal Stand
US, Pakistan View Drone Strikes From Different Perspectives
Google: The word 'glass' belongs to us. Just Google it.
Man Wears Yoga Pants To Expose The Objectification Women Endure Every Day
Armed clown woman wreaks havoc in Sydney
Actual drunk driving wreck delays mock drunk driving presentation at Slidell High
5-year-old discovers Xbox security flaw, Microsoft rewards him
Oregon FIJI, Student Government Presidential Candidate, Allegedly Attempted To Bribe And Threaten His DU Opponent
Mazda Issues Recall Because It Finds More Spiders In Fuel Tanks
PETA Wants to Open Restaurant in Former Dahmer Home | FOX8.com
Manatee woman who backed into crowd loses license for a year
Cat saved from death through transfusion of dog blood and cured of hepatitis with oregano extract
Watching people walk was America's favorite spectator sport,
George Zimmerman selling painting of travon martin on eBay
9-Month-Old Baby Accused Of Attempted Murder
George Zimmerman sells painting of Trayvon Martin on eBay for $100,099.99 USD.
Gasoline-loving spiders cause Mazda car recall for second time
Creepy crawly spiders take over Mazda sedans causing recall
Geneticists Create 3,500 Fly Strains To Find One That Moonwalks
9-month old Pakistani baby accused of attempted murder
Snowden Goes Grocery Shopping in Moscow, Just Like Regular People
State Department Official Freaks Out That Declassifying CIA Torture Report Might Make The World Angry
Nine-month-old Pakistani baby has been released on bail over an attempted murder charge.
March Sadness: NCAA Confiscates Kitty Cat Mug
Do Not Get Sick, Top Doctor Warns Patients
After Pando shows clear evidence of fraud, Indiegogo responds by... deleting anti-fraud guarantee
Pakistani family: 9-month-old booked on attempted murder charge
Split: the new app that lets you avoid your ex
In The 1870s And '80s, Being A Pedestrian Was Anything But.
think of the animals!
April 4, 2014 BOEHNER: "I DON'T WANT TO LIVE IN A WORLD WHERE SEVEN MILLION PEOPLE GET AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE"
Chain email says Michelle Obama waved communist flags in China
Miley Cyrus gets new dog, celebrates by smoking pot.
Google submits 1,928 pages arguing for a trademark of the word "Glass"
African Christians will be killed if C of E accepts gay marriage, says Justin Welby
Boys MOTHER suspended from school for 2 weeks
9-Month-Old Baby Accused of Trying to Murder Police in Pakistan
BBC News - Glasgow 2014: High Rise flats demolished for Commonwealth Games opening ceremony
South Carolina republicans refuse a measure to assign wooly mammoths as the state's official fossil, unless it was added that they were made by god on the 6th day
Texas Couple Claim They Have Caught a Chupacabra
Miami woman charged with role in animal torture sex fetish porn video
Should the mentally ill own guns? A news article that you only see in the US.
German town won't let couple name their child 'Wikileaks'
Court appearance for Pakistani baby charged with attempted murder
Creationist Lawmakers Derail Third Grader's Campaign To Honor The Woolly Mammoth
'Woolly Mammoth Case': South Carolina Legislator Seeks Amendment To Give God Credit For State Fossil
BBC News - Pakistan: 'Nine-month-old boy' accused of planning murder
This Week in God, 4.5.14
Teens under investigation for spreading nude selfies at Fort Zumwalt East High School
Ukraine: Darth Vader presidential bid rejected
Darth Vader runs for president of Ukraine against billionaire candy maker and others
Florida man fired after mistaking corpse for mannequin
Sex Pistols singer Johnny Rotten to star in touring production of Jesus Christ Superstar
RCMP chase stolen tractor through Alberta fields
Chinese Buddhist temple forms anti-terrorist squad
Larry Sanders: 'I believe in marijuana'
Guy's Genius Drive With No Doors Works Well Until Stopped By The Man
Nottinghamshire student fined after driving car - without any doors
Ghost hunters investigate South Coast house
'There's no manners anymore': Rapist and murderer freed after 46 years says modern Britain lacks community spirit
Drug Dealer Geotags Drug Warehouse on Instagram
9-month old Pakistani boy arrested for attempted murder, threatening police
Royal Society of Canada says Wi-Fi appears safe, exposure limits fine
Woman, 73, accused of operating drug tunnel uncovered under Mexican border
Roof of Kim Jong-un's Jerry-Built Luxury Villa Caves In
Hitler may have 'unwittingly married a Jew'
Adolf Hitler May Have 'Unwittingly Married A Jew'
Hitler may have married Jewish woman by mistake
Greatest Living President Hones Painting Prowess
Booty Clapping In a Children's Hospital?, Dying Child's Last Wish
Ted Nugent calls Obama a "subhumman mongrel" then hits the campaign trail
Scientist finds the worst places to get stung by a bee by experimenting on himself. In order, it's the nostril, lip, and penis.
Tractor chase on snowmobile a slow pursuit, says RCMP officer
Obama's NSA overhaul may require phone carriers to store more data
Cities are haunted by too many parking spaces
Miranda Kerr's GQ Shoot Recreated By A Man, And It's Weird And Thought-Provoking
Drunk Driver Attempts to Evade Police by Posing as Cook
DEA Administrator Says Pot Prohibition Protects Dogs; Many Dead Dogs Would Disagree
9-Month-Old Boy Accused Of Attempted Murder In Pakistan
Newbie Urban Gardeners May Not Be Aware Of Soil's Dirty Legacy
George Zimmerman Sells Trayvon Martin Painting for $30,000
Hitler may have 'unwittingly married a Jew': Documentary says Eva Braun's DNA had traces of Jewish ancestry
Nine-Month-Old Boy Accused of Murder in Pakistan.
Woman gets bitten in movie theatre, toe bloodied
Woman on smoke break attacks cop with scissors, doesn't get shot.
Microsoft to dig up landfill looking for copies of E.T. Atari game
A 9-month-old arrested for attempted murder?
Jeffrey Dahmer's house should become a vegan restaurant, proposes PETA
Feces Found on Bridge.
The most Canadian police chase ever: Alberta Mounties bum ride on snowmobile to chase stolen John Deere tractor
Depressed Man Tries to Feed Himself to Tigers, Gets Rejected (x-post r/funny)
America rejoice! Being fat may actually make you healthier
U.S. Navy dispatched to rescue seriously ill 1-year-old baby on round-the-world cruise
'Rock-Throwing' Baby Accused Of Murder Bid
Polish priest says Lego will destroy kids' souls
Depressed man tries to feed himself to tigers, gets rejected (X-post from r/funny)
Miley Cyrus Breaks Down At Boston Concert, Hugs Inflatable Statue Of Her Recently Deceased Dog
Tesco refuses to sell teaspoons to teenager
The Creation Museum's New Ad Campaign Suggests 'Noah' Movie is Too Farfetched
AirAsia withdraws in-flight magazine boasting 'our pilots never lose planes'
Airline withdraws 'offensive' in-flight magazine claiming it would never lose a plane
New York Mighty Taco chain 'bans' Russian President Vladimir Putin
The Worst Places To Get Stung By A Bee: Nostril, Lip, Penis
Pig virus threatens U.S. outdoor grilling season
Pig virus threatens US outdoor grilling season
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott's thighs critiqued by head of Japans national cycling team
"Change plea or you'll be stoned": Husband who admits cheating given legal advice by judge
Sheffield Half Marathon cancelled due to lack of water for runners
PETA proposes vegan restaurant in Jeffrey Dahmer's childhood home
During Cold War, CIA used 'Doctor Zhivago' as a tool to undermine Soviet Union
Pakistani 9-month-old baby accused of attempted murder
Tobacco plant has key to fighting cancer
Scientists Link Selfies to Narcissism, Addiction & Mental Illness
Germany: Lesbian-exclusive burial site opened in historic Berlin cemetery · PinkNews.co.uk
Student suffers bee sting on his own penis in the name of science
Florida Woman Torches Mans Car When He Refuses To Buy Her A McFlurry
Student Michael Smith stings himself on penis with bee in the name of science
UK Cabinet Minister says young business people come to London for 'Loads of Hot Sex'
Woman who drove drunk with hamster on her lap in Beaverton finishes diversion
Against all reason, Alabama outlaws sex toys
Italian activists nearly drown as they try to show how easy getting to Europe is for Tunisia inmigrants on boat
6 people detained in Moscow for holding an invisible banner
Is your car infested with spiders? Mazda has a software update for that
Drunk college student smashes through the walls of a spa and eats all their Hot Pockets
Notre Dame Student Broke Into Massage Parlor And Gorges On Hot Pockets: Cops
Triathlete Hit In Head By Falling Drone During Race
Christian Senators Block Student's Proposal For A State Fossil
One in ten children 'do not realise they live on planet Earth'
Cops Caught on Video Arresting a Kid for Telling his Principal that he is Disappointed in Him
FDNY/NYPD Charity Hockey Game Features Bench-Clearing Brawl
Charity game between FDNY, NYPD leads to all-out brawl
NYC cops, firemen get in massive brawl at charity hockey game
Unfortunate event as Triathlete sustains head injuries from drone
Ortiz-Obama selfie may be 'end of all selfies' at White House, senior adviser says
Seventh Grader Suspended, Forced to Give Blood During 5hr Psych-Eval For "Twirling Pencil Like Gun"
Charity hockey game between NYPD and FDNY involves bench clearing brawl -video
Pakistani baby bailed on attempted murder charge, officer suspended
'Shania Twain' defence works in drunk driver's favour
Man hits girlfriend with his anger management book during dispute
Michael Clarke, Syracuse surgeon, accused of slapping sleeping patients, feds say
Syracuse surgeon slapped sedated patients, called them insulting names, feds say
Student suspended for twirling his pencil.
Man accidentally shoots own penis, dies.
Male sunbed fans 'at higher risk of eating disorders'
Plane Makes Emergency Landing Because 390 Cows Onboard Caused Trouble
Gay conversion therapy should have no place in NHS, says health minister
WATCH IT: Furious mom tosses baby across bus to attack another rider who 'disrespected' her baby
Quarter of Americans Convinced Sun Revolves Around Earth, Survey Finds
Labrador called to the stand to give evidence as key witness in french murder trial
A Labrador has taken the stand to give evidence as key witness in french murder trial.
Leftward Shift by Conservative Cleric Leaves Saudis Perplexed
Teen killed for cell, 10$ and sandwich (x-r/news)
Gas-sniffing spiders prompt Mazda recall
High School being forced to take down bleachers on the baseball field because they are better then the bleachers on the softball field
Calgary students pee in cups for world record STI test attempt - Calgary
Dappy says hashtag tattoo on his face is to ensure he 'stays trending forever'
Australian triathlete injured after drone crash
Anti-poverty zone leaves out L.A.'s poorest
White House considers ban on Obama selfies
Spiders prompt second Mazda recall
Man punches roommate's dog, sparks four-hour standoff with SWAT
Massachusetts home intruder turns out to be a duck
Police chase goes so long, suspects stop for gas - Toronto
Far-Right Activists Almost Drown Attempting Stunt To Prove How 'Easy' Illegal Immigration Is
9-month-old boy charged with murder
9-month-old boy charged with attempted murder and threatening police
Geep: Rare 'goat-sheep' born on Irish farm
The Plug: IT Pro Lost in Data Center Network Cables-Survives on Twinkies
9-Month-Old Booked on Attempted Murder Charge
Mass. Home Intruder Turns Out to be a Duck
Nine-month-old boy charged with attempted murder in Pakistan granted bail by judge
'Agoraphobic' woman travelled world while falsely claiming £50,000 benefits
The Islamic Sex Cult Supporting Turkey's Prime Minister
Plane makes emergency landing because 390 cows onboard gave off too much heat
Beard implants on the rise [video].
University breaks STI test world record
Brandon Weeden: I tried to do too much with Browns
Rapper Tattoos Hashtag on Face So He's 'Trending 4 Ever'
Researchers Net 'Zombie Bass' With Electricity
Notre Dame student passes out after allegedly breaking into spa to eat Hot Pockets
Snowden to Receive Truth-Telling Prize
China official says Islamists seek to ban laughter and crying (xpost /r/worldnews)
China official says Islamists seek to ban laughter and crying
There's Been A Wave Of People Tipping Over Smart Cars In San Francisco
This GOP House Candidate Proposed Eliminating the Weekend
White House considering ban on selfies with the President
Vandals Flip Smart Cars Over in San Francisco
Woman complains to police about marijuana quality
Illinois teen caught copulating in lobby: 'We don't have any place to have sex'
I'm a white male, I have prejudices, and that's OK
NJ Student Suspended, Given Psych Eval for 'Twirling Pencil' Like a Gun
The less Americans know about Ukraine's location, the more they want U.S. to intervene
Ypsilanti police searching for 'mystery pooper'
Store refuses to give proper change of $30 for a $7 sandwich. Cops can do nothing about it.
Busing "undesirables" (Asians) to the Bethlehem Sands
Student accidentally attaches actor's photo instead of resume to job application
N.J. 7th-grader suspended, drug tested for twirling pencil
Cesar Chavez Film Faces Criticism For Not Being Chicano Enough
'Star Trek' actress lends her gravitas to film promoting idea that sun revolves around Earth
Washington is safe from 'Bieber fever'
CNN 'Breaking News' 31 Days After MH370 Vanished: 'Families Frustrated by Media Coverage'
'Human Barbie' Valeria Lukyanova blames 'race-mixing' for plastic surgery popularity
'Noah' Screening Canceled After Movie Theater Floods
Nine-month-old baby charged with attempted murder: Baby granted bail in Pakistan
Fauquier parent demands removal of 'Two Boys Kissing' book from high school library
Vandals Are Flipping Over Smart Cars In San Francisco
Selena Gomez Highest-Paid Actress in the World
German Neo-Nazi Party Rocked by Interracial Porn and Penis Cake Scandals
Bitcoin is the "Mark of the Devil" as foretold in the Book of Revelations
Man: Easter Bunny says I fondled her
Italian Far-Right Lega Nord Activists Almost Drown Attempting Stunt To Prove How 'Easy' Illegal Immigration Is
Every member of a Florida family was armed when an intruder broke into their home, and every member of that family fired shots at the man. The intruder was dead when police arrived.
Head of U.S. Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual battery
5-year-old Boy discovers Microsoft Xbox Password Bypass vulnerability
PETA's plans for Jeffrey Dahmer's childhood home.
North Korea denounces Japan as fascist
Miley Cyrus Has Bruises On Her Butt, Shows Them To The World
Pakistan charges 9 month old with conspiring to murder
Debutantes armed with brass knuckles, high heels beat teen
Those who cannot locate Ukraine on a map are more likely to back US military action in Ukraine
Who's a jerk? The site that tagged millions of Facebook users 'jerk'
N is for Nazi: German cops say neo-Nazis are using Cookie Monster to recruit children
Man wearing 'Drunk as sh-t' T-shirt arrested for DUI
9 Month Old Arrested for Attempted Murder
Aggression from video games 'linked to incompetence'
The First News Report on the L.A. Earthquake Was Written by a Robot
PETA Wants to Open Vegan Restaurant in Jeffrey Dahmer's Old Home
Classic Biden: VP Makes Incredibly Awkward Sex Joke
9 Month Old Baby Arrested for Attempted Murder
Noah movie: Exeter cinema confirms real life "flooding" incident on opening night
Family defends taking infant to sea following rescue by Navy task force
Man attempts to shoot squirrel, shoots neighbor instead
Top Gear and Doctor Who approved for North Korean TV
It turns out that North Korea's 'homegrown' smartphone is made in China
FBI searching for 'Good Grammar Bandit'
Hipster beard trend spurs surge in facial hair transplants
Plane Search Shows World's Oceans Are Full of Trash
planning a murder, threatening police and interfering with state affairs in Pakistan
Mazda Issues Most Terrifying Car Recall of All-Some Models Vulnerable to Spider Attack
4 EXCLUSIVE: 'I am not a monster,' says man accused of punching dog
UK - anti-fracking protesters camp runs out of gas.
NYPD, FDNY engage in wild brawl at charity hockey game
EXCLUSIVE: 'I am not a monster,' says man accused of punching dog.
Rob Lowe: 'There's this unbelievable prejudice against good looking people'
Yale University threatens to suspend student for being too skinny
Rob Lowe: There Is 'This Unbelievable Bias' Against Attractive Actors
Man bites toes off after feet getting too hot from dancing for 8 hours straight
NFL fan thought she took picture with Arian Foster, was just a random guy
Ice cream vendors face assault charges in turf war
ndonesia's political rallies 'too erotic' for children
Indonesia's political rallies 'too erotic' for children
Sri Lanka cricket fan suffers heart attack after betting on India
Bizarre twist of irony sees Noah screening cancelled by actual cinema flood
Stunned Gulf motorists line up to see 'indicator' device at Luxury Car Show
Cookie Monster puts down the cookie jar and picks up the neo-Nazi propaganda
North Korean official reportedly executed with a flamethrower
1 in 4 Americans doesn't know Earth circles sun
Hologram Kurt Cobain To Tour With Original Members Of Nirvana For 2014 Tour
Two ice cream vendors clash in turf war
Screening of Noah Cancelled After Theater Floods
Pakistani Baby Goes on the Lam After Being Accused of Attempted Murder - The Wire
Wearing Socks with Sandals Suddenly Fashionable - LA Times
Dating website Match.com asked bisexual users to pay for two accounts
Liberia: 'Prostitutes' Threaten Hungry Strike
Roving Band Of Miscreants Flipping Over Smart Cars Around San Francisco
9 month old baby charged with attempted murder. Baby goes into hiding.
Noah screening cancelled due to flooding
Archie Comics to Kill off Archie
Dead piranhas found blocking Shropshire sewers
Biden Praises Teachers, Says He Slept With College Professor 'Every Night'
This GOP House Candidate Is Running for Office So His Daughter Won't Have to Learn About Evolution
Joe Biden: I sleep with a "cutie college professor every night"
Kate Mulgrew To Narrate A Film About How The Sun Revolves Around The Earth
Baby Charged with Attempted Murder, Goes Into Hiding in Pakistan
DEA Raids Illinois Woman's Home After She Buys Organic Fertilizer
Judge says prosecutors should follow the law. Prosecutors revolt.
Organic winegrower fined for refusing to spray grapes with pesticide | World news
Fox News Anchor Calls UConn the 'NAACP National Champs'
Hackers Lurking in Vents and Soda Machines
Man Arrested for DUI While Wearing "Drunk As Shit" Shirt
Senators: Back off our brats, beer
There is a upcoming documentary film stating the Sun revolves around the Earth...
Yale student , 92 lbs., stuffed her face with Cheetos, ice cream to pacify school officials
Pakistani 9-month-old in hiding after attempted murder charge
Murder FIR against nine-month-old
Texas father sues son's lacrosse coaches, alleges 'pay for play' scheme
Man Arrested For DUI Wears 'Drunk As Sh*t' Shirt
Nursing home hired strippers for patients: suit
Lawsuit: L.I. Nursing Home Workers Hired Male Strippers To Put On Show For Residents
That's not my pot; I stole the car, says Jay man
Cookie Monster Corrupted by Neo-Nazis to Lure Kids
Rick Wiles Warns Adolf Hitler's 'Race Of Super Gay Male Soldiers' Is Taking Over America
That's not my pot; I only stole the car, says man
Scientist has no clue how he ended up in Holocaust-denier's creationism documentary
Microwaved Playstation 4 sells for $11,000 on eBay
Texas woman jailed after complaining to police about marijuana quality.
Oregon man arrested for DUI while wearing 'Drunk as [Expletive]' shirt
What Drunk Prairie Voles Can Tell Us About Booze And Relationships
Fox News Anchor Slips Up, Mistakenly Calls UConn 'NAACP' Champions
Smart cars overturned in California crime spree
Long Island Nursing Home Hired Male Strippers: Lawsuit
Fox News Confuses NAACP and NCAA Two Days After SNL Joked About It
Baby in hiding after attempted murder charge
Head of Anglican church: We must discriminate against gays lest someone think we're gay and bash us
Minn. GOP nominee running for Congress because evolution made his daughter cry
Nursing home sued after hiring strippers to perform for residents
Protesters Storm Kharkiv Theater Thinking It Was City Hall
Man caught pleasuring self in street attacks officer
Rob Ford 'Crackathon' video game setting Internet on fire
German Neo Nazis Using Cookie Monster to Recruit Children
Berkeley sues itself over council boundaries
Doctors May Not Be Able to Tell When Dick Cheney Actually Dies
Republicans Slam Dems' Equal Pay Push As 'Bizarre,' 'Condescending' To Women
Meerkat toys are NOT proof of insurance say police after uninsured motorist pleads defence
'Noah' showing in England canceled by flood
George W. Bush sourced all his paintings from Google
Father wins right to have son exempted from all religious programs at ontario catholic high school
A Pakistani Baby Accused of Attempted Murder Is Now on the Lam
Habanero Peppers to Blame for Evacuation of Elementary School.
Habanero peppers cause school evacuation
Family sues after stripper performs and nursing home
Comcast named Worst Company in America on the same day it files TWC merger paperwork
Heard of cow tipping? How about Smart car tipping?
Study Finds No Time Travelers On The Internet
Pakistani baby charged with attempted murder goes into hiding
White House: The '77 cents' wage gap figure isn't accurate, but they'll use it anyway
Ben Johnson & Trailer Park Boys actor join Mayor Ford's campaign team
Living Barbie Doll Valeria Lukyanova: 'Mixed Race People Degenerate Real Beauty'
Baby in Pakistan charged with attempted murder
'Human Barbie' blames race-mixing for 'degeneration' of beauty
'Star Trek' star gets on board with debunked idea that sun circles Earth
Rover Curiosity Discovers 'Australia' on Mars
Rob Ford adds Ben Johnson - best known for losing his 1988 Olympic medal in a doping scandal - to his campaign team
Belle Knox to Star in 'Adult' Game Show
Louie Gohmert accuses the Attorney General of casting "aspersions on my asparagus
#AfterSex selfies are the latest Instagram trend
Burlington escapee falls into police chief's office
John Boehner Cries at Taco Bell Event
Police: Man said ex stole bag with drugs
Obama's next pay equity mission: Dry cleaning?
Nine-month old baby charged with attempted murder
Internet is a TOOL OF SATAN that destroys belief, study claims
Fox News anchor apologizes after congratulating 'NAACP' champions UConn on live TV
Weird 'UFO' Light on Mars May Just Be a Shiny Rock, NASA Says
RALEIGH: NC commission appeals ruling giving it authority to halt coal ash pollution
Toyota is becoming more efficient by replacing robots with humans
Rob Ford adds Ben Johnson, Trailer Park Boys actor to campaign team
Compare The Meerkat Toy Is Not Proof Of Car Insurance, Police Inform Driver
Topless Florida Woman Wrecks McDonalds, Pauses to Guzzle Ice Cream
NBC Asks Viewers for Better Sitcom Ideas
Warren County beagle chose $2,000 NCAA bracket
Meerkat Toy Is Not Proof Of Car Insurance, Police Inform Driver
Owner finds stolen car ... Parked in its usual spot
Meerkats are not proof of insurance says Surrey Police
Scientists seek climate-friendly cow of the future
Florida Man Burns Down His Apartment to Kill the Bugs
Gassy cat just one of many saved in Scottsville
New Jersey school suspends boy for kinda probably making 'gun motions' with pencil
Cities to Carpoolers: Sharing Your Car is Illegal, We Will Seize Your Cars
North Salem Family Remains Optimistic Missing Wallaby Will Be Found
Smart Car Tipping = SF's Version of Cow Tipping
Pakistani 9-month-old booked on attempted murder charge
9 month old baby charged with attempted murder
Last Man Standing | Washington Free Beacon
Rob Ford enlists Ben Johnson and Trailer Park Boys actor to help with campaign
Topless woman trashes Florida McDonald's, stopping only to eat ice cream
Libertarian Republic Reports Home Invader Shot By Entire Family
Nine month-old baby bailed on attempted murder charges in Pakistan 'goes into hiding'
Teens try to bring WWI artillery shells in through O'Hare
Pakistani baby taken into hiding after attempted murder charge
Baby charged with attempted murder in Pakistan
Yale University Drops Threat to Kick Out Student for Being Too Skinny
Vancouver man goes berserk in downtown Tim Hortons
Procrastination Is in Your Genes
Incompetence not violence drives gamer aggression
A Chinese man named Bai Ting arrested for biting a police officer
George W. Bush reveals his striking new paintings of world leaders in exhibit
Christian radio host: Nazi 'race of super gay male soldiers' is coming to 'hunt you down'
These candidates for Indonesia's election are hotter than your candidates
Rounding up suspects, Pakistan charges a baby
Police search landfill for HK$28 million painting 'after cleaners mistake it for rubbish'
Public asked not to bring drugs, weapons to prisons
Brazil coach allowing players non acrobatic sex during World Cup
5-year-old finds flaw in Xbox Live security while hacking into his dad's account
Star Trek's Kate Mulgrew says she was tricked into narrating film that argues the Sun revolves around Earth
BBC NEWS | UK | Human species 'may split in two'
Suffolk: Ipswich Sunday League match abandoned after alleged 'bundle' - News
Iraq ready to legalise childhood marriage
Pakistani baby in hiding after police charge tot with attempted murder
Discovery Communications investing in DogTV network: 24/7 programming for dogs
Scottish town erects $8K statue for beloved stray cat
Missing $3.7-million painting may have gone out with the trash
Smartphone trial judge annoyed by phones in court
Junk food makes you lazy, not just fat, study suggests
NHMRC rule homeopathic remedies useless for human health
Spider invasion prompts Mazda software fix
Disgust over pooing in the streets of Boston
LGBT Advocates Are A 'Gay-Stapo' Planning A 'Kristallnacht' Against Christians, Pastor Jeff Allen Claims
Florida man asks judge for atheist lawyer following alleged attack on Jesus-looking roomate
Guitarist has no idea what she's doing.
Police: Burglary suspects pocket-dialed 911
Doctors Discover Pregnancy in the Mouth of South Korean Woman
Teacher quits job rather than 'unfriend' students
Ben Johnson Says He's Helping Mayor Rob Ford's Election Campaign
Nine-month-old Pakistani baby, charged with attempted murder for allegedly throwing stones, is now fleeing cops
Florida atheist who attacked roommate over Jesus resemblance demands godless attorney
Vatican hires hawk to protect pope's doves
Iraq ready to legalize child marrige
Killer piranhas blocking Telford sewer turn out to be red herrings
'Super gay male soldiers' coming for USA, warns radio host
iraq poised legalize child marriage girls under age nine
Burglary suspects pocket-dialed 911
Republican: Bullying Bill An 'Attack on The Bible & Conservative Christians'
Lime Prices Explode Due to Drug Wars in Mexico, Leading to Armed Escorts--and Robberies.
'Cookie Monster' held for Nazi activity
PETA drops plan to turn Jeffrey Dahmer's home into vegan restaurant
Professional Baseball Team Home Opener Draws a 0.0 Nielsen Rating
Astros drew a 0.0 Nielsen rating in Houston for Monday's game
Minnesota Lawmakers Get a "Get Out of Jail Free" Card! Can even drink and drive.
Burger King Expands Into Crimea After McDonald's Exit
Woman, 24, suffers from 50 orgasms a DAY due to rare condition that leaves her constantly aroused
George Bush's paintings are 'copied off Google images and Wikipedia
9-Month-Old Boy Charged with Attempted Murder in Pakistan.
Iowa State University Students Riot On A Tuesday For No Apparent Reason
'My goal is to own John Lennon's DNA': Canadian dentist plans to CLONE former Beatle from a pulled wisdom tooth and raise the child as his own son
Sriracha odor battle to get reheated at Irwindale council hearing
Canadian dentist hopes to clone John Lennon using tooth DNA
Big time news orgs send bunch of guys to hammer white house on gender pay equity
Juggalos Have Their Own Cryptocurrency, and You Can't Buy It
Heartbleed Bug: Public urged to reset all passwords
Sir Mix-a-Lot to Perform Classical Music Version of 'Baby Got Back' With Seattle Symphony
Iowa Senate Candidate Will Use His Glock 'To Blow Your Balls Off'
Atlanta Braves accidentally set fire to American flag
CIA Used Red Hot Chili Peppers Songs to Torture Terrorism Detainee
Man with ferret terrorizes doorman with ferret phobia
How to Explain Bitcoin to Your Mom!
NOT COOL: The Hipster Elite and Their War on You
Braves celebrate opening day by burning the American flag
Angry residents drive a tank around the streets of Bristol in protest
Expert: Selfie Addiction May Cause Mental Illness
Chicago Public Schools says chicken nuggets in school lunched program are made with chicken nuggets
Japan raised its sales tax from 5% to 8% and the Verdict is in: It's A Disaster As Sales Plunge 25%
Group of Russia's officials demand to try Gorbachev for dissolution of USSR
Pakistan charges baby with attempted murder
Former Valencia president Juan Soler is arrested for trying to kidnap his successor Vicente Soriano
German neo-Nazi party soul searches after interracial porn scandal and the 'Peniskuchen-Affäre' (the penis cake affair)
PETA Wanted Jeffrey Dahmer's Home To Become A Diner
9-month-old Pakistani boy accused of attempted murder, stoking anger toward justice system
Stripper put on show for nursing home patients
Mayor Walsh announces 'Wicked Free WiFi' in Boston
Man who pee'd in co-worker's coffee fined $5,000
Santa Ana School Cop Puts Crying Boy in Chokehold, Tells Witnesses "Stop Speaking Spanish!" (VIDEO): UPDATE
Kim Kardashian weighs in on Syrian conflict
Lawsuit Claims 'Wolf Of Wall Street" Financed With Emebezzeled Money
Six habanero peppers cause HAZMAT scare at Denver school
NYC's tanning salons inspected more regularly than abortion clinics
Kids Are Getting High On Bed Bugs!
OKCupid CEO once donated to anti-gay politician
Cinemax show sues actress who claims she didn't realize Cinemax shows have nudity
Eye Doctors Say Their Profits Are Smaller Than Data Makes Them Look
7th grader's pencil twirling leads to suspension and psychological evaluation when called 'gun motions'
Why Hamilton won't survive a Zombie Apocalypse
Texas woman arrested after calling police to complain about marijuana quality
The case for almost never turning left while driving
Lebanese Cardinal suggests housing Syrian refugees in Syria
Braves Baseball team set fire to American flag at home opener
Baseball Hall of FamerHank Aaron Compares Obama's GOP Opposition To KKK
Following months of debate and postponements, Jackson City Council picks water tower designs
MNGOP Rep. Glenn Gruenhagen misses the days when teachers hit students
Among North Korean soldiers, plastic bag helmets are all the rage
Stabbed hero posts selfie after Pa. high school knife attack - 620 WTMJ
Tea Party Activist: 'Gay Supremacy Is Becoming A Monster That Carries Greater Evils Than White Supremacy Ever Did'
Florida official arrested with meth pipe stashed in his rectum
UN piracy experts shot and killed in Somali airport
George Bush's paintings are 'copied off Google images and Wikipedia' art critic claims
George W. Bush's Paintings Were Copied From Google Images
Kim Jong-un has 'enemy of the state' executed by flamethrower
Less Than 50 People Turn Out For Victorian Music Festival
Developed Japan Stuck at Windows XP
Wisconsin Had Best-Run Elections in U.S., So Republicans Fixed 'Em
Chiang Mai Traffic Police Learn Chinese to Reduce Accidents... and Date Chinese Girls?
Rounding Up Suspects - not for the playpen, though...
Its legal to have sex with dogs in Denmark
Kansas to Black Out "Cosmos" Show Over Controversies
Jar of French mountain air sells for £512 in polluted Beijing
EU politicians in rap battle for youth vote
Bolivia gives legal rights to the Earth
Newly-wed couple stranded after seal steals their dinghy for four days
Newlyweds stuck on remote island for days after BULL SEAL commandeers their dinghy
Irwindale Council declares Sriracha smell a public nuisance
In China, jar of French mountain air fetches $860
Stripper Visits Nursing Home (front page of CNN.com 10 April 2014)
Measles At Rock Concert Goes Viral In A Bad Way
Canadian Dentist Plans to Raise Cloned John Lennon as His Son
Neo-Nazis use Cookie Monster to lure kids, police say
Stripper goes to nursing home, elderly resident's son goes to court
"We are deeply disappointed" in Comcast service, says Comcast VP
Texas woman arrested after telling police she was sold bad pot
Wife Dies, Husband Wins Lottery Next Day
Man Allegedly Attacks Jesus Lookalike Roommate, Demands Atheist Lawyer
Brazil Coach Tells Players No 'Acrobatic Sex' During 2014 World Cup
Conservatives Are Furious that Eric Holder Will Make Them Wear Anti-Freedom Jewelry
Cleveland Indians fan in red face meets Native American protester
Chinese Man Named Bai Ting Arrested for Biting Police Officer
South Carolina college calls off humorous 'How to Be a Lesbian' show after lawmakers interpret it as a gay recruitment event.
Dentist details plan to clone John Lennon and raise him as his son.
British Prime Minister says he is doing the Lord's work
Condoleezza Rice Joins Dropbox's Board of Directors.
Food Pantries On The Rise At College Campuses As Tuitions Increase
Newly-wed couple stuck on remote island for four days after BULL SEAL commandeers their dinghy.
Four Blood Moons: Total Lunar Eclipse Series Not a Sign of Apocalypse
Canadian Dentist Plans To Clone John Lennon And Raise Him As His Son (And Give Him Guitar Lessons)
Maybe Try Julian? Couple Banned from Naming Son 'WikiLeaks'
Burger King Looks To Rule In Crimea After McDonald's Abdicates
Chinese man named Bai Ting charged with biting police officer
Nintendo patching Tomodachi Collection to address glitch that allows for gay relationships
Marijuana Legalization Will Kill Puppies! According to DEA Head
Teen's Tank Top Makes Others Feel Too Uncomfortable at Planet Fitness
Boston doctors can now prescribe you a bike
Student destroys classroom over seat being taken. Professor defends him
Buggatti announces a $3 million Veyron with a 100 horsepower engine and a top speed of 100 mph.
This Mirror Will Take Your Selfies For You
911 What's your emergency? "My dealer sold me crap weed, can you send someone around?"
Woman is mugged on live TV in Brazil when thief tries to snatch gold necklace... as she is being interviewed about the lack of police
Woman mugged on Brazil TV while being interviewed about crime
Woman calls cops to complain she'd been sold crappy weed
Florida man thinks roomie is Jesus and attacks him with a butter knife
After 3 Months Of Legal Pot Sales, Denver Still Not A Crime-Filled Hellscape
'Jesus invented the Big Society - I'm just continuing God's work' - David Cameron
Sriracha hot sauce production declared public nuisance by California city
VW tells U.S. car dealers to stop selling Jettas, Passats, Beetles
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford Stuck with 10,000 Eggs He Bought for an Easter Parade He Can't Go To
Nancy Pelosi: I'd Rather Pass Amnesty than Be Speaker
Disgraced 1988 Seoul Olympian Doper Ben Johnson Endorses Rob Ford's Re-Election Campaign
PETA: Dahmer's former home won't be vegan restaurant
Parrot put on Prozac after being left in garage for three years for repeating name of owner's dead wife
Limbaugh - "CBS Has Declared War on the American Heartland" by hiring Stephen Colbert
How Bad Is Brazil's Crime? Watch This Mugging On Live TV
Atheist Attacks Roommate he Thinks is Jesus
Russian man kills his neighbor by shoving his foot up his anus [x-post r/WTF]
France Just Banned Work Emails After 6 P.M.
NC man sentenced to jail for sucking woman's toes
Russian man kills his friend by shoving his foot up his anus
Britons need to eat fewer baked beans because of impact of "smelly emissions" on global warming, peer warns
'The swans here are a little bit racist': Foreign students claim British bird attacks minorities
Florida atheist demands godless attorney after attacking Jesus lookalike
John Daly sells Masters memorabilia out of RV in Hooters parking lot
FBI Rocky Mountain Safe Streets Task Force Seeks Good Grammar Bandit
Burger King invades Crimea after McDonald's exit
Burger King invades Crimea to supplant exiting McDonald's
David Connaughton: Husband googled murder before killing wife Julie
Atheist calls for godless attorney after butter-knife attack on roomie mistaken for Jesus.
Woman accidentally hires scam artist to kill her husband, police say
Pakistani police charge 9 month old baby boy with attempted murder.
Before Game of Thrones, no-one named babies "Khaleesi." In 2012, it beat the name "Betsy."
Perpetually broken Harvard Market escalator to be replaced (with stairs)
Dwarf (40) urinated in car as he raced for 18 hours to meet 14-year-old for sex
Investor group offers to buy Mt. Gox for one bitcoin: WSJ
Lesbians Now Have a Burial Ground of Their Own In Berlin
Lesbian-Only Cemetery To Open In Berlin
North Korea's Kim Jong-un kills top minister with flamethrower
Sewage treatment plant advertises as wedding venue
Study: Most Food Poisoning Occurs in Restaurants
David Cameron: 'Jesus invented the Big Society - I'm just continuing God's work'
Vagina built in the lab from patient's cells
Engineered vaginas grown in women for the first time
Made in the USA: Georgia factory exports chopsticks to China
'Girls Gone Wild' creator Joe Francis to become father of twin girls.
Canadian dentist wants to clone John Lennon and raise him as a son
Woman calls police to complain about marijuana quality.
'Will I Survive, Or Will I Die?' Stabbing Survivor Wondered : NPR
NRA event attendee shoots own leg at Steel City Gun Club, Bethlehem police report
Microsoft Ready to Excavate Atari's Alleged E.T. Landfill on April 26
Doctors implant lab-grown vagina
Student Gets Psych. Evaluation For Pencil Twirling
Wal-Mart toe sucker jailed
Walmart toe sucker sentenced to 60 days in jail after guilty plea
Fast move: Burger King to enter Crimea after McDonald's quit
Shoe thrown at Hillary Clinton at Vegas speech
Dentist Wants to Clone John Lennon, Raise as Son
10 things not to do at road checks: Victoria police share crazy incidents
UPDATE: Topless woman rampaged McDonald's because she was denied blowjob offer
Cops kill good samaritan
Woodinville sewage treatment plant now available for weddings
Maine man says marijuana in car isn't his because the car is stolen
Thief strikes interviewed for story on burglaries in Rio
Man Sues Ex-Girlfriend Over Stuffed Animal Obsession
'Penis open for business': Pub sign error attracts widespread mocking
Pastafarians rejoice as Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster is granted permission to register as a religion in Poland
World's Fattest Woman Has Sex 7 Times a Day
Man pleads guilty in toe sucking incident at Walmart
Church of Flying Spaghetti Monster, with 'Pastafarian' followers, allowed to register as religion in Poland
'Tosh.0' Production Assistant Mistakenly Shot and Killed by LA Sheriff Deputy
New Rule Prohibits Voters In Miami-Dade County From Using The Restroom, No Matter How Long The Line
Angelina Jolie lookalike forces cabbie to have sex with her at knifepoint, stabs him when he can't go a third time
Jim DeMint Asserts The Federal Government Played No Role In Freeing The Slaves
Laboratory-grown vaginas implanted in patients
'He was humping it. It was so bizarre': Exposing the 'aberrant' nature of a sea otter's sex life
U.N. Campaign Targets Open Defecation in India
Court jails Italian lover over noisy sex
Scientists Publish Recipe For Making Bird Flu More Contagious
Amanda Bynes "Has No Mental Illness Whatsoever," Marijuana Caused Past Behavior, Her Mom Says
Musa Khan, Nine-Month-Old Baby Charged With Attempted Murder Goes Into Hiding
Student dealer confided in police
White wing supremacist: swan attacks foreign students
Is David Cameron continuing Jesus's work?
Live on Brazilian TV: Woman Talking About Crime Gets Attacked
The next big thing in wearable tech may be ear computers
Man with first name 'God' runs into credit-rating issues
Teen's tank top made others too uncomfortable at Planet Fitness
'Racist' Swan Attacks Foreign Students At Warwick University
Co-owner of proposed Everett casino site refuses to sign pledge that no secret partners are involved in land deal
Studies: Lab-grown nostrils, vaginas working well
Longtime Berlusconi ally declared fugitive ahead of mafia verdict
California Teen Reportedly Sold Pot Brownies to Raise Money for Her Prom Dress
Strip search of student not unconstitutional even when conducted after parent refuses to consent.
Psychologist diagnoses mental illness in woman he'd never met
Motorola Is Working On a Password Pill for Once-Daily Authentication - Oh, and a Tattoo, Too
Owner of John Lennon's tooth would like to clone the musician
Engineered vaginas grown for the first time
Mongolia refuses requests to stop giving horses to visiting American dignitaries
GOP Senate Hopeful Paul Broun Makes Assault Weapon Giveaways A Hallmark Of His Campaign
NC Man gets Jailtime for Sucking Woman's Toes... At Walmart
Lab-grown vaginas and nostrils work, doctors report | Detroit Free Press
Man with 1st name 'God' sues credit rating agency
LAPD cop killed in suspected DUI had made 3,000 drunk-driving arrests
It's Official: Nobody on Power Cares What You Think Unless You Are Rich
It's Official: Nobody In Power Cares What You Think Unless You're Rich
In China, jar of fresh French air sells for $860
Women is robbed on Brazil on live tv while being interviewed about the crime in the area
Hitler's face printed on 5,000 German coffee mugs
Judge In The Apple-Samsung Trial Is Shaming People Who Are Using Their Phones In The Courtroom
Satanic Temple launches school campaign: Stop spanking kids, and let them pray to Satan
Chinese man on trial for spreading false rumours online.
Spanish Village Called 'Kill Jews' Considering Name Change
Woman who lost out on dream house set up explicit fake online sex ad pretending to be new owner
Holy Bible clears first hurdle to becoming Louisiana's official state book
College student celebrating new job offer struck and killed by two cabs
Canadian dentist still intends to clone John Lennon, raise him as his son
105 Freeway closed, stranded motorists take selfies on roadway
No sex with Russians please, Ukrainian women told
Advocate of Muslim women denied honorary degree for being "Islamaphobic"
Bird flu could become airborne
Nintendo pulls Dead or Alive over porn fears
Dream come true: Fans thrilled to meet Dale Earnhardt Jr at 7-Eleven
Oof - Sebelius's Farewell Address Was Missing A Page
Kids Are Now Smoking Bed Bugs To Get High
Woman robbed while complaining about safety in TV interview [video]
German Police Build 'Nazi Shazam' To Track Banned Music
Softball player comes out as heterosexual.
Summer camp sued for calling teenager slut after kissing boy.
People Take Selfies With Suicidal Man Over 105 Freeway As Backdrop
Woman arrested for sharing corps photos on whatsapp
Woman robbed while complaining about safety in TV interview
Woman arrested for sharing corpse photos on WhatsApp
PHOTOS: Spiderman woos voters in Mumbai
White House rejects petition for Game of Thrones ambassador
Carer took photos of the dead for WhatsApp chat
Burglars Arrested After Pocket-Dialing Police At Scene
Squirrel caused $300G in damages at Indiana community center, officials say
Woman robbed while complaining about crime on live TV...
German Store Apologizes After Selling Mugs Imprinted With Hitler's Face
Hitler Cups 'Unintentionally' Sold in German Store
Environment Canada issues weather alert for a weekend of sunshine
Actor on Rob Ford's campaign team hosts pot-smoking online show
Washington state sewage plant invites weddings
Lab-grown vaginas and nostrils work, doctors report
Flashing headlights ruled free speech
George W. Bush Makes a Dick Joke at LBJ Library
Volkswagen's New 300 MPG Car Not Allowed In America Because It Is Too Efficient Read more: http://www.trueactivist.com/volkswagens-new-300-mpg-car-not-allowed-in-america-because-it-is-too-efficient/
Bode Miller Has Quesadilla Confiscated at the Masters Tournament
Volkswagen's New 300 MPG Car Not Allowed In America Because It Is Too Efficient
Woman stabs husband with squirrel for not buying beer Christmas Eve
Woman mugged on live TV in Brazil as she's interviewed about lack of police
Nursing home residents voted to bring in strippers: lawyer
Woman Robbed on Street While Doing Interview About Street Robbery
Woman mugged on live Brazlian TV as she is interviewed about Rio de Janeiro's crime wave
A woman in Brazil was robbed on live TV while giving an interview about robberies in Brazil
Jar of imported Provence, France clean air sells for $860
Alberta dentist who purchased John Lennon's tooth hopes to clone him
Swedish StarCraft Tournament for politicians to be held this Sunday between the Far Right party and the Far Left party.
Streaker parades naked around Ashbourne's Salvation Army charity shop - possibly for second time
NSA Denies Knowing About Heartbleed Bug
Rush Limbaugh blasts Stephen Colbert choice, accuses CBS of 'War on the Heartland'
Celebrity vet Chris Brown interrupts 'dolphin orgy' during filming
Celebrity vet caught in the middle of 'dolphin orgy' while swimming off Australian coast
American Decency Association: Gay Rights Have Turned America Into North Korea - See more at: http://www.rightwingwatch.org/content/american-decency-association-gay-rights-have-turned-america-north-korea#sthash.7yp8PPZ6.dpuf
American Decency Association: Gay Rights Have Turned America Into North Korea
Child bride kills husband, his friends with poisoned meal
Woman walks man through London on a leash
Tory councillor tells meeting: 'When rape is inevitable, lie back and enjoy it'
Italian Man Jailed for Loud Sex
Minister's $40 movie questioned
Man Who Peed In Co-worker's Coffee Ordered To Pay $5K
Sebelius botches farewell speech
Katey Sagal's Beauty Secrets
Pizza Hut Engagement Package: For $10,010 You Can Propose At Pizza Hut On Valentine's Day
Weird Indian Man Crunches And Eats Brick... Also Addicted To Dining On Debris
Congress Introduces 'Let Me Google That For You Act'
Rob Ford Mercilessly Destroys Youth Soccer Player in Penalty Kicks
Countries at U.N. conference object to women's right to make sexual decisions, saying it might condone gay rights
Pizza Hut's $10,000 Engagement Party Package Includes a Ring, Fireworks, and Pizza
American Express Accuses Pirate Sites of 'Stealing' Their Ads
Italian man gets 6-month sentence over noisy sex claims
Cop Who Pepper Sprayed Peaceful Students Will Receive $38,056 for Emotional Suffering
Belgium: EU politicians in rap battle for youth vote
Punish women too in rape cases: SP leader Abu Azmi
Not possible to keep men from urinating in public, Delhi high court says
Obama's press secretary decorates home with Soviet propaganda
NSA: "Statement: NSA was not aware of the recently identified Heartbleed vulnerability until it was made public."
Transgender, women's rights advocate charged with rape
Man sues hospital and doctor after they allegedly forgot to remove his appendix during his appendectomy
Sen. Tom Coburn (R-OK) and Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO) introduced 'Let Me Google That For You' Bill
US will force Facebook to protect WhatsApp user PRIVACY
Bracket of our Discontent
ICYMI: Laptop Thief Busted After Calling Apple for Tech Support
Dog eats paralyzed Arkansas man's testicle
Parents of Texas 'affluenza' teen to pay part of state treatment
Alberta dentist buys John Lennon's tooth for 30,000 in hope to clone him
German shop apologises over Hitler coffee mugs
9-month-old boy arrested in attempted murder no longer wanted by police
Woman Robbed During Interview About Brazil Crime Problem
The Braves Set The American Flag On Fire At Their Home Opener
Court Drops Attempted Murder Charges Against Pakistan Baby [WSJ] [Continuing Coverage]
FBI Thinks Whistleblowers Should 'Register' So They're Not Targeted by Insider Threat Program
Schoolboy in coma after lunchtime testicle squeeze prank
Schoolboy in coma after suffering heart attack when lad squeezed his testicles during prank
Attempted murder charges against nine-month-old baby thrown out by Pakistan court
S.F. women's rights advocate accused of raping wife
Pakistan drops attempted murder charges against baby
9-month-old no longer wanted by the police, lawyer says
Gun range aims to be the first with a liquor license in Oklahoma
Satanic Temple Launches Campaign: Stop Spanking Kids and Let Them Pray to Satan
Seeking More Respect From Female Colleagues, Teacher Pees into Their Tea
Having secured re-election with a flamethrower, Kim Jong-un to air episodes of Top Gear
Fruit Flies Move Like Fighter Jets
Russia Wants to Annex the Moon
Police Bust Virginia Sexting Ring Involving More Than 100 Teens
South Carolina Is Trying To Expand Its 'Stand Your Ground' Law To Include Fetuses
Louisiana Lawmakers Unsure About Alcohol-Infused Ice Cream
Spanish village called 'kill Jews' mulls name change
Italian jailed for being 'too good at sex' after girlfriend's moaning annoyed neighbours
Man named Romeo jailed for being Man named Romeo jailed for being too good at sex after girlfriend's moaning annoyed neighbours
Tory councillor Barbara Driver will not stand for re-election after 'when rape is inevitable, lie back and enjoy it' comment
Pakistan Baby Won't Face Prison Time
Smart Car Tipping Rouses Love and Hate for Diminutive Vehicles
Pakistan court throws out attempted-murder charge against nine-month-old baby.
Tennessee legislatures want U.N. out of state elections
The Science Of Lab-Grown Organs: Vaginas, Noses Now Possible
Pakistan Court Drops Charges Against Baby - The Wall Street Journal
Spanish village called 'Kill Jews' to vote on name change
Tennessee to U.N.: stay out of our elections
Disabled Boy Records Bullies Tormenting Him, Police Charge Him With Illegal Wiretapping
39% of Film Industry Professionals are Movie & TV Show Pirates
Luminita Perijoc: Sex-crazed Angelina Jolie lookalike forced cabbie to have sex with her then stabbed him six times
Angelina Jolie lookalike stabs man who refused sex
Instagram Goes Down, Users Freak Out About Not Being Able To Post Food Pics
Lawyer: Murdering A Transgender Prostitute Not Such A Big Deal
Spanish Town Of Matajudíos Considering Changing Its Name To Anything But 'Jew Killer'
KFC Debuts Fried Chicken Corsage
CNN believes that the Maori's greeting of the Prince and Duchess of England was distasteful and disrespectful.
Russian territory expands yet again: New islet emerges from Laptev Sea
Study Concludes Oklahoma Biology Teachers Sucks at Understanding Evolution
Pakistan court withdraws attempted murder case against baby
Russian TV Caught Red-handed: Same Guy Three Different People (Spy, Bystander, Heroic Surgeon)
Sally Kohn: Affirmative Action Helps White Women More Than Others
Pakistan Court Throws Out Attempted-Murder Charge Against Baby
Oklahoma Protesters Threaten to "Secdee" From Union if Neil DeGrasse Tyson's Cosmos is not Cancelled
Mummified singer is star of new British Museum exhibition
Nebraska's Bo Pelini brought his cat to the spring game
Peer raises flatulence in climate change debate
Brazilian woman mugged while talking about lack of cops on TV
India Election 2014: Regional Leader Says Rape Victims Should be Hanged
Laboratory-grown Vaginas Have Been Hiding Among Us for Years
Anzac Appeal to sell pre-recorded minute of silence as part of fundraising efforts
IRS misses XP deadline, pays Microsoft millions for patches
Mike Huckabee: There Might Be More Freedom In North Korea Than The United States
'Affluenza' teen's family won't pay full rehab fee
Gay Advocates Hurl Feces-Stained Bible Pages at Christians for Protesting Teaching of Homosexuality in German Schools
Man Gets Jump Rope Stuck in His Penis
Make Her Prom Truly Magical With a KFC Chicken Corsage
Lovestruck witness in baby murder trial tries to contact juror through Craigslist
US Senate Executive Session
Struggling Desert Tortoise Reserve to Release or Euthanize Population
Fisherman lands dildo-eating cod
USDA Banning All Junk Food In Schools On July 1
Elderly couple refuse to £200 bill in pay-per-view porn row
Adultery is good for your marriage - if you don't get caught, says infidelity website boss
All the truth about Maidan. Maidan you will never see on TV. P...
Megadeth flies born-deaf woman to Vegas for her first rock concert
Pope poses for 'selfies' after Palm Sunday homily
Man watching alligator bitten by snake off Alligator Alley n
Man watching alligator bitten by snake off Alligator Alley
In Chicago, Prostitutes Are More Likely To Have Sex With A Police Officer Than To Get Arrested By One
UNC Student Gets DJ Fired for Playing 'Blurred Lines,' Because Rape Culture
Patti Labelle Arrested After Fist Fight with Aretha Franklin
Who Better to Pick the Best Reaction GIFs in History Than Redditors?
Statue Of A Homeless Jesus Startles A Wealthy Community
Spanish village called 'kill Jews' mulling name change
Maine Man Busted In Sex Trafficking Ring Says 'It's A Victimless Crime'
KFC Selling Fried Chicken Prom Corsages as World Falls Into Darkness
Human Barbie says she is repulsed by kids, mixed races 'degenerate' beauty
Marijuana Vending Machine Unveiled In Colorado
Putin Not Invited to Schröder's 70th Birthday Bash
I Was Assaulted For Wearing Google Glass In The Wrong Part Of San Francisco
Judge Forces Man To Stand At Intersection With Sign That Reads "I Am A Bully"
I Have No Idea How Many Calories Are in My Grandmother's Gefilte Fish
Statue Of A Homeless Jesus Startles A Wealthy Community : NPR
Colorado's first marijuana vending machine about to start operation
14 Year-Old Girl Tweets Terrorist Threat At American Airlines
Search underway for shoplifter with no pants
Chinatown Sports Bar's "Domestic Violence" Sign Stirs Up Controversy
Claims of self-defense were shot down partly by logic and mostly by a video of him stabbing the animal 23 times.
Andrew Marr: Angela Merkel Could Not Be Elected In Britain Because Of Her Looks
Demyx - American Psychiatric Association makes it official: 'Selfie' a mental disorder
Brain cells linked to autism
Cop, Squirrel Fight Ends With Officer Macing And Shooting Furry Creature
Teenager Tweets 'Threat' To American Airlines, Instantly Regrets It
14-Year-Old Allegedly Tweeted Terrorist Threat And Then Freaked Out When American Airlines Responded
Man ordered to wear 'I AM A BULLY!' sign
Kate Upton wishes her breasts were smaller
Nevada GOP drops platforms against abortions, gay marriage, endorses Sandoval
Palestinian university students' trip to Auschwitz causes uproar
Oklahoma protesters threaten to "secdee" from the union if Fox doesn't take Cosmos off the air.
Angry over 22-cent tax on soda, man pulls out submachine gun in store: police
Opinion: Boy suspended for bringing own hand to school
Teacher tells Jewish girl who jumped lunch queue: 'Go back or I'll send you to the gas chamber'
LiveLeak.com - Oklahoma Protesters Threaten to "Secdee" From Union if Neil DeGrasse Tyson's Cosmos is not Cancelled (comments)
Italy's bishops pass Vatican-backed rule that child molestation does not have to be reported
Pope ignores prepared Palm Sunday homily, poses for 'selfies'
Woman Discovers She's Pregnant After Posting Naked Selfie Online
DEA & Shorewood Cops Raid Woman's Home After She Shops at Indoor Garden Center
White House Warns Russia Not to Invade as Biden Plans Ukraine Trip
Train vandals sent packing by passengers
Teenager in Hot Water After Joke Terrorism Threat on Twitter
Iran Drops Murder Charges Against A 9-Month Old Baby
Pakistan Drops Murder Charges Against 9-Month Old Baby
Judge orders Ohio man to wear 'I am a bully!' sign
49ers LB Aldon Smith arrested at LAX for allegedly yelling 'bomb'
Oklahomans want to 'secdee' from the union if Cosmos is not canceled.
Leonardo DiCaprio Cast as MLK in New Film, Will Wear Blackface
Doctors remove skipping rope from man's urethra
Fact-checking journalism gains momentum
Pornostagram is the Instagram for nude photos
Jar of Fresh Air from France Sold for $860 at Chinese Auction
Monk apologizes for shoplifting jerky
Trio Arrested on Pants-sagging Charges
Man who stepped out of his car to view an alligator was bitten by a poisonous snake
Pastafarian politician takes oath of office wearing colander on his head
Tory councillor refuses to resign after saying: 'When rape is inevitable, lie back and enjoy it'
Turkey's PM accuses Twitter of tax evasion
Papa Francisco football team named after pope has two sent off in first game
A Master Troll Has Been Answering Every Comment On NBC's "Crisis" Facebook Page
Louisiana bill would name Bible as official state book
Ice cream flavor mixes Viagra and champagne
Cannibal brothers released from prison only to be found feasting on human head
Man shoots himself in game of Russian roulette
When the restaurant you Googled Googles you back
Insane Clown Posse gets JuggaloCoin cryptocurrency
Norway man finds adult toy in cod's stomach
How Lending A Friend Your Car, Then Going to Bed Can Land You a Life Prison Sentence
Teen tweets "I blocked the FBI" after @AmericanAir says they have turned her into the FBI for bomb threat innuendo.
Woman Tackled And Arrested For Walking On The Wrong Side Of The Street
Two players sent off from the Pope's team
Boy named Wayne Rooney not allowed personalised Easter egg over 'copyright' issues
Police seek answers after 7 dead babies found
With Rising Interest in Coming Prom Season, KFC Unveils Kentucky Fried Corsage
Pakistani cannibal re-arrested after baby's head found at home
Teen Selfie-Snappers Are Going Wild For The 'Selfie Stick'
Huckabee: There's More Freedom In North Korea Than In The U.S.
Taxes from legalized pot not so high
Norwegian Fisherman Discovers Dildo Inside Cod Stomach
Mike Huckabee tells Koch-backed group: 'More freedom in North Korea' than the U.S.
KFC corsage: Chicken drumstick nestled in baby's breath, a prom poultry first
Special-Ed Student Who Recorded Bullies Accused of Felony Wiretapping
The Atari Landfill Excavation will literally unearth the worst game ever made | Xbox One News
KFC's drumstick corsage a chicken chic prom fashion accessory
Police: Peanut butter and jelly blamed for one-car Park Ridge crash
Japanese company creates iPhone case using a dead marine isopod
KFC debuts chicken drumstick corsage...no, really!
Finland to release 'Tom of Finland' stamps
KFC offers chicken corsage for prom dates
To avenge daughter's rape, mother gets accused's wife gangraped by husband, 3 others
North Korea Touts 'Pyongyang Touch' Smartphone - Korea Real Time
Guy Who Fucked a Hot Pocket Tells All, Suggests You Use a Condom
Leonardo DiCaprio Cast as MLK in New Oliver Stone Film, Will Wear Blackface.
Talking chicken causes mass panic
TurboTax Maker Linked to 'Grassroots' Campaign Against Free, Simple Tax Filing
Dog Chosen for Jury Duty?
'Blood Moons' A Special Message to America?
Missouri will fire deafening 'sound cannons' at drivers to deter work zone speeding
Girl sends terroristic tweet to AA, gets unwanted response
US Airways Tweets Pornographic Plane-in-Vagina Pic at Angry Customer
Walmart to Sell Marijuana in Colorado, Washington
US Airways tweets picture of airplane in woman's vagina
US Airways Tweets Pic of Woman With Toy Airplane in Her Vagina [NSFW]
Does Tuesday's 'blood' eclipse signal the End Times?
Bain Capital sees opportunity in methadone clinics
Teen arrested after tweeting apparent terror threat to American Airlines
105 Freeway closed as man threatens to jump while stranded motorists take selfies on roadway
Study using voodoo dolls suggests snack to boost blood sugar could stave off spousal fights
"Outsource to Detroit" banner flies off building
'Shoe Truthers' Wonder If Hillary Staged Shoe Throwing Incident
Rush Limbaugh Agrees with Shoe Truthers: Hillary Incident Was 'Staged'
John Boehner's primary opponent just hit him for 'electile dysfunction.' Yes, seriously.
NSFW: US Airways tweets vagina photo in response to complaint
Man revenge rapes son's rapist
"I've never been to Africa, but I feel like I have this deep affinity for it," Ms. Hanley Mellon said. "I've read every Hemingway, we collect Peter Beard, I've watched 'Out of Africa.'"
The Mellon Lifestyle as a Brand: The Story Behind the Hanley Mellon Clothing Line
L.A. Science Teacher Suspended for Teaching Science
US Airways Just Tweeted A Pic Of A Woman With A Plane In Her Vagina
HP Pays $108 Million to End Bribery Investigation
Recklessness in proofreading shown to cause an increase in heads being shaked 2014
Teen tried to sell 51 pounds of explosives on Craigslist, police say
Sub aborts search for MH370 when ocean proves too deep
New Common Core Kid's Book Depicts White Racists Who Wouldn't Vote For Obama
Kansas suspect known as loud racist, good neighbor
HP pays government $108 million to end bribery investigation
Ex-teacher who abused student pursues victim for $20,000
Squid Sperm - One More Reason to Not Eat It
Google Patents Contact Lenses That Contain Microcameras
Would You Use an App That Offers Unlimited Coffee for a Monthly Fee?
Dozens of teenagers are now tweeting bomb jokes to American Airlines
Massive Torrington Fire Causes Health Concerns
Dozens of police in brawl at Downing Centre court
'I saved his bacon': Man denies mistreating pet wild boar 'Little Tommy' after bite
Oklahoma bans increases on minimum wage.
US Is an Oligarchy Not a Democracy, says Scientific Study
Crisis in Venezuela: Too much crime, not enough toilet paper
Vice Reporter Smokes Weed During Interview with Uruguay President
Rooney Scholes, 3, banned from having name on Easter egg
Rooney Scholes, 3, named after Wayne Rooney told he couldn't have name on Thorntons Easter egg as it would breach copyright
Jenny McCarthy: "I'm Not 'Anti-Vaccine'"
Guantánamo hearings halted amid accusations of FBI spying on legal team
Boy's head found in home of convicted cannibal
'I just don't care': Texting P-plate driver hits cyclist
Wisconsin Republicans To Vote On Secession
Obama: NSA Must Reveal Bugs Like Heartbleed, Unless They Help the NSA
Chicago man pulls gun in store over 22-cent soda tax
Police Officer Goes Undercover as Amish Woman
Formula One Threatened With Lawsuit Over Lack Of Noise At Australian Grand Prix Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/f1-threatened-with-lawsuit-over-noise-2014-3#ixzz2yxQxrkkc
Australian GP organisers say the quieter engine noise could breach F1 contract
Ontario man blames sex addiction for robbing church to pay for hooker he brought there after hours
Man tells Sparta police he's 'probably too drunk to drive'
Knife Found in Passenger's Leftover Enchilada at Oakland International Airport
North Korean Embassy 'targeted London hairdresser over Kim Jong-un discount deal'
Has the naked jogger of Lancaster struck again?
Silvio Berlusconi given community service for tax fraud - Former Italian prime minister will reportedly be working part-time in a home for the elderly outside Milan
KFC CHICKEN CORSAGE BEING SOLD JUST IN TIME FOR PROM SEASON
Teacher who 'ordered a hit' on 7th grader gets fired
Just in time for prom, KFC unveils edible chicken corsage
North Koreans complain to London hairdresser about Kim Jong-un poster
Meet Mr. Poo, India's Dancing Anti-Public Defecation Mascot
Kelly Osbourne fights with Paris Hilton over a VIP table
US Airways Twitter profile responds to customer complaints with pornographic image
Cops dress as Amish to target Pennsylvania flasher
Nick Martin, mayor of UK town of Swindon, calls disabled people 'mongols', questions their right to sex life
Scientific study concludes: US is an oligarchy, not a democracy
Maine Animal Shelter Buried Under Carrot Avalanche
JetBlue Strands Area Jews In Texas As Passover Starts
North Korean officials visit salon over Kim Jong-un 'bad hair' advert
Barber visited by angry North Korean officials after displaying poster mocking dictator's haircut
Not-so-sweet Caroline: Woman billed more than $4,000 for Neil Diamond download
George Bush Presidential Library opens offshore drilling exhibit
Girl's USC rejection letter turns out to be prom proposal
Newspaper Reporter: Now Better than Being a Lumberjack
Red Hot Chili Peppers music used to torture prisoners in Guantánamo Bay
Mary Fallin Signs Ban On Minimum Wage Increase
Red Hot Chili Peppers 'upset' that their music was used to torture Guantánamo Bay prisoners
Utah mom bribes kids $10,000 for not kissing anyone before they turn 18
Obama commutes sentence made longer by typo
Rock star Maynard Keenan comes home to help MCC wrestling team
Missing Boy Found in Claw Machine
Belle Know who claims her life was ruined when people found out she did porn is now an intern at Pornhub
WorldNetDaily Says Lunar Eclipse Was A Divine Warning To Obama
Friday Faceplant: Usain Bolt Crashes Into Flower Girl
Woman used enchilada in attempt to smuggle knife through airport security
Prominent Republican: Women Need To Be Paid Less So They Can Find Husbands
Pregnant woman died weeks after UK surgeon 'removed ovary instead of appendix'
KFC sells chicken corsage just in time for prom
Woman leads police on chase after she forgets $50 on gas station counter
Rottweiler dog is given right to VOTE in upcoming European Parliament elections
Burger King Serving Creamy Orange PooPoo Smoothie
Zombie Apocalypse Here We Come!: French Lab Loses 2,000 Vials Of the deadly Sars Coronavirus Virus
President Obama commutes a man's jail sentence over typo
Lock of Napoleon's hair stolen in Australia
Parents are going to prison for a medical diagnosis that may not exist
Police: Man comes to court hearing in stolen car, gets arrested
Blood Moon Eclipses: 2nd Coming In 2015? Minister uses NASA forecasting to study signals of Jesus' return
Missing child found safe inside bowling alley claw crane machine
Finland's New Stamps are Drawings of Gay Bondage Porn
Blaming Obama for the 'blood moon'
French cops demand DNA from 527 male high school students, staffers
Capri, Italy: Mini-ambulance gets stuck in mini-street. [sorry for the Google translate link]
Male cop dresses as Amish woman to stop flasher
Phyllis Schlafly Claims Women Paid The Same As Men Won't Find Husbands
Florida school district considers dress code for slovenly dressed parents
Missing boy found inside claw machine
Here's Halifax's 'bold' new logo (costing $217,000)
Snoop Dogg DLC Coming to Call of Duty: Ghosts
Woman Killed Hit Man With Her Bare Hands
Beer and bullets: Oklahoma gun range applies to sell liquor to shooters
79-Year-Old Player Joins Dubuque Elementary Band
Chorizo falls during sausage race at Miller Park
Philadelphia Woman Charged With Cheating on Taxes While Working for IRS on Tax Day, no less.
Fox's Eric Bolling suggests ditching minimum wage and labor laws because China works hard
Missing child found in the claw machine | KATC.com
Missing 3-year-old found inside toy vending machine
Bill O'Reilly to Conservative Guest: 'That's Right-Wing Paranoia'
17 year old Irish student suffers heart attack after friend "jerked his scrotum."
Baseball Great Hank Aaron Flooded With Racist Hate Mail After Defending Obama
Missing Nebraska Toddler Found Safe in Claw Machine
Texting Driver Who Hit Bicyclist: "I Just Don't Care"
Police: Montana Man Licked Cop's Eye While Resisting Arrrest
Missing Boy Found in Claw Machine at Bowling Alley
Missing child found stuck inside claw machine
Babies cry at night to prevent parents from procreating, study suggests
Residents panic in Markurdi, as Chicken 'Speaks in Arabic'
Pay $2.99 to have Snoop Dogg narrate Call of Duty: Ghosts multiplayer matches
Giant South American bird that can disembowel a human with a single blow and run at speeds of 40mph loose in English countryside
Giant South American Bird On The Run In The U.K.
Philadelphia Woman Charged With Cheating on Taxes While Working for IRS
Voodoo Dolls Prove It: Hunger Makes Couples Turn On Each Other
Jewish Center shooting victims were Christians
Conservative activist claims women paid the same as men won't find husbands.
The 1% wants to ban sleeping in cars - because it hurts their 'quality of life'. [x-post]
Teen falls in coma after friend squeezes his testicles
Board Member Wants Dress Code For Parents Dropping Kids Off At High School
John Boehner attacked for 'electile dysfunction'
North Korean officials visit London salon over Kim Jong-un 'bad hair' advert
This Billboard for Rabbit Pizza Is Made from Dead Rabbits
Tracy Morgan's Worried About Alec Baldwin's Stability - " Stop eating people's old French fries. Have some self-respect! Don't you know you can fly?"
Glow in the dark road unveiled in the Netherlands
The 1% wants to ban sleeping in cars - because it hurts their 'quality of life'
India to suggest renaming of Internet as 'Equinet'
Britain's youngest parents: Mother, 12, gives birth to 7lb baby girl after falling pregnant at primary school to a boy aged 13
Swedish politicians compete in StarCraft 2 tournament ahead of election
Buy your prom date a KFC fried chicken corsage
FBI Uncovers Al-Qaeda Plot To Just Sit Back And Enjoy Collapse Of United States
Fashion-conscious men warned we may have reached 'peak beard'
India,To avenge killing of his goats, man strangles five stray dogs to death
Man tricked into buying two bottles of water instead of a laptop and iPhone in Northampton
'Are you kidding?' controller asks Southwest jet that landed at wrong airport
Domino's just replaced its pizza crust with fried chicken
Dog calls Thames Valley Police after dialling 999 and 'breathing heavily'
Bullied boy charged with felony wiretapping for audio recording his bullies
Dead man fulfils comedy club wish
Meet Mr Poo - India's anti-public defecation mascot from Unicef
Boston police detonate 2 backpacks at marathon site
Reps. from KKK, Aryan Nation denounce Jewish center shootings
Religious Oregon teens wear 'Gay Is Not OK' shirts to protest lack of 'straight day'
Michael Bloomberg: 'I have earned my place in heaven'
Pokemon Earns Papal Blessing
Louisiana Won't Get Rid of its Unconstitutional Sodomy Ban
Monkeys may sometimes grieve for dead mates through necrophilia.
Beard trend is 'guided by evolution'
Man arrested in Boston after dropping backpack with a rice cooker at marathon finish line: police
Man arrested at Boston Marathon Tuesday with 'hoax' rice cooker
Boston Scare Triggered by Rice Cooker, Media Backpack: Officials
German Shepherd Gets Called For Jury Duty in New Jersey
Power company proposes new charge on homes with solar panels
More young women choosing dogs over motherhood
Boy Found Playing in Claw Machine After Mom Reports Him Missing
Porn 'a good reason to stay in the EU' says French MEP Joseph Daul (x-post from r/europe)
Fisherman Bjoern Frilund finds large red dildo in cod he has just caught
Missing 3-year-old found inside claw machine
N Korea formally complains over British barber's Kim Jong Un poster
Swiss president greeted with Danish flag in Ukraine
[xpost] I was told this should go here: Guy Taking Selfie In Front Of Speeding Train Gets Kicked In The Face By Train's Conductor
Dildo Found in Cod's Stomach
COD: Ghosts DLC to have Snoop Dogg announcing kills
Missing Neb. boy, 3, found in toy claw machine.
Guy Tries to Take Selfie Near Oncoming Train; It Doesn't End Well
Lavabit held in contempt of court for printing crypto key in tiny font
Missing Neb. boy, 3, found in toy claw
Norway celebs plan own funerals in new show
Professor suspended for "making threats" because he posted a picture of his daughter wearing a Game of Thrones shirt.
Man So Scared of Kim Kardashian she Makes Him VOMIT with Disgust
Lawyer says judge discriminated against him for not wearing pants in her courtroom
Missouri man who never served sentence awaits prison term after leading crime-free life
The City Decides To Get Rid Of Illegal Signs On Poles By Annoying The Person Who Put Them There Into Insanity
Long-haired woman sues Walmart for $10,000, claiming shampoo tangled locks, forced her to cut it
Wal-Mart customer, angry with self-checkout machine, loses tooth in fight
Prince William Told Kate She Looked Like a Banana
Major Study Finds The US Is An Oligarchy
Cockroaches Rain From Ceiling at Blue Ribbon Sushi
China's president urges greater militarization of space
Domino's Now Serving Pizza with Fried Chicken Crust.
German Shepherd Dog Called for Jury Duty In New Jersey
Are Your Children Playing With Lucifer's Testicles? The Truth About Easter Eggs
Landlord learns you can be arrested for threatening your tenant with a gun, even if they're late on rent
Wu-Tang-Affiliated Rapper Cuts Off His Own Penis, Jumps Off Balcony in Suicide Attempt
Stolen Greene bridge a head-scratcher case.
Wu-Tang Clan affiliated rapper cuts off penis, jumps off building in suicide attempt: report
Missouri Mayor "Kind of Agrees" With Alleged Kansas Shooter About Jews
Men 'giving up' on books to watch films or go online
TSA Finds Knife Hidden In Enchiladas At Sonoma Airport
Missouri Mayor Says He 'Kind Of Agreed' With Alleged Jewish Center Shooter
Income Inequality Institute Will Pay Paul Krugman $25,000 Per Month
Brooklyn's Smallest Penis Contest Is Back For 2014, Still Nuts
Rapper Andre Johnson cuts off penis, jumps from balcony in apparent suicide attempt, report says
US Post Office Is Buying Bullets, Lots And Lots Of Bullets
Dancing poop stars in Unicef India's anti public defecation PSA
Rapper severs penis, jumps off building, but survives
Rapper Andre Johnson severs penis, jumps off building, but survives
Wu-Tang affiliated rapper reportedly cut off his penis and tried to commit suicide
Banana Lady's Lawsuit Slips Up in Appeals Court
Mike Amess has a phobia of the Kardashians, vomits over naked Kim Kardashian pictures
CNN Used A Breaking News Banner On The Sinking Of The Titanic
Rush Limbaugh joins 'Shoe Truthers,' says Hillary 'staged' footwear assault
Rush Limbaugh floats 'staged' shoe theory
Missing Nebraska boy, 3, found in toy claw machine | Detroit Free Press
Rapper Cuts Off Penis, Jumps Off North Hollywood Balcony
Spider-Man star says superhero is a 'neurotic, self-doubting' Jew
Progressives Fight to Keep Poor Kids Trapped in Failing Schools
Missing toddler found in claw game machine
St. Louis police using postcard to shame 'johns' who get prostitutes
Rapper cuts off penis and jumps off building in suicide attempt
Police: Man, 81, fed up with shopping attacks wife | Local News
Farting Cat Returned to Shelter in Rochester
CNN Breaks News of Titanic Sinking
Homer Chihuahua Survives Owl Abduction and Hit By Truck
Study Finds Recreational Cannabis Use Is Associated With Abnormalities In The Brain
1984: the romantic film. Love the idea?
Cops: Nashon Shelton, upset over 22-cent tax on Pepsi, pulls submachine gun
Missouri Mayor Describes Anti-Semitic Killer as a 'Friendly' Guy He 'Kind of Agreed' With
Rapper Andre Johnson cuts his penis off and jumps off a building, lives.
Missing 3-year-old Found Inside Arcade Claw Machine
Father's life sentence for murder and mother's stripper lifestyle do not limit Chelsea senior's potential
Call of duty releases Snoop Dogg Voice Over DLC
Hobby Lobby's Steve Green launches a new project: a public school Bible curriculum
North Korea tries to arrest man for defaming Kim Jong Un - in London
North Korean Embassy Tried To Get Hairdresser To Remove Kim-Jong Un 'Bad Hair Day' Poster
Couple steals a car so they can make court date in timely fashion
Rapper Andre Johnson cuts off penis, jumps off building, but survives | fox4kc.com
MO mayor agrees with KC shooter Glenn Miller that Jewish bankers destroying US
Rapper severs penis, jumps off building
Child gets stuck inside claw crane machine | Local News
Huge Hole in Earth's 'Detergent' Layer Found Over Pacific
NJ Family's Dog Summoned For Jury Duty?
Call of Duty: Ghosts Gets Snoop Dogg DLC and Marijuana Customization Packs
Kate Upton proud of her body, wants to keep her boobs
There Is Now A Viagra Ice Cream
Conservative activist says women want men who are paid more [VIDEO]
Republican Gov. Susana Martinez Has a Foul Mouth and Isn't Big on Facts. She Could Be President.
Twitter Vice President Says Firm Has No Plans to Open Turkey Office Soon
Rapper cuts off own penis, jumps from North Hollywood building
Sandy Rios Warns Of New Terrorist Attacks Because Boston Mourners 'Ignored' God
Selfie In Front Of A Train? Thatâs A Paddlinâ
Lonely panda watches TV
Selfie-taker gets kicked in head by train conductor
Ukrainian Oligarch Offers $10K for Each Captured Russian Invader, and $20K for Each Liberated Building
Doctor relieves woman's near-constant orgasms
Portland will flush 38 million gallons of water after man urinates in Mt. Tabor Reservoir
Backpacks For Cows Collect Their Fart Gas And Store It For Energy
Brooklyn Woman's Mom Accidentally Steals Car -- Daily Intelligencer
Girl texting while driving hits cyclist, says "I just don't care" | Daily Buzz
Atomic time lord to battle sneaky high-speed trades
Israel, Lebanon Battle Over a Tree
Michael Vick Attacked by Stray Pitbull in New Jersey
Snake's last meal comes back to bite her
New Colorado Marijuana Vending Machines Will Accept Bitcoin
Malaysian Airlines MH370 Has NOT Been Found On Google Maps
Woman Dies, Leaves $50,000 to Be Divided Amongst Her Cats
In 1997 a group of crazy religious fanatics committed mass suicide as they believed the world was about to end and the only way to be saved was if they killed themselves they would be able to board an alien spacecraft passing by a nearby comet and leave the earth to ascend to a new level of being.
Despite Ridicule from Yelp Reviewers, Ballston Cafe Keeps Phallic Sign
Study: Men get grumpy at age 70
Catfight Rages After Woman's Will Leaves $50K to Pet Felines
Cyborg glasses save users the need to control emotions
Reservoir emptied after teen's alleged urination
AZ Transgender Woman Convicted of the Crime "Walking While Trans"
Easter Egg Hunt Turns Violent At Seattle Zoo
Hobby Lobby President's Bible Curriculum to be Taught in OK Public Schools Next Year
BMI Sues Bar For Cover Band Show, seeks $1.5M
Bubonic Plague Island To Be Auctioned Off As Location For Luxury Hotel
'World's most haunted island' where thousands of plague victims were left to die and mental patients were lobotomised goes up for sale - and could become a luxury hotel
Philadelphia using 'robo-calls' as weapon in war on illegal signs.
NASA: Newly-formed moon in Saturn's rings will be named 'Peggy'
Celebrate Easter with the bacon Easter egg
Cemetery copes with hungry deer eating gravesite flowers; visitors asked to bring faux foliage
Canadian dentist wants to use John Lennon's tooth to clone a baby
Inequality Initiative Pays Paul Krugman $25,000 Per Month for 'Modest Role'
'Selfie Addiction' Is No Laughing Matter, Psychiatrists Say
Rapper Cuts Off Penis, Jumps From Balcony in Apparent Suicide Attempt (from r/music)
Pensioners could be given an estimate of when they might die to help them manage their finances, according to ministers.
North Korean Officials Target Hair Salon Over Kim Jong-un Diss
Miso soup to prevent measles? Why Alicia Silverstone is feeding her two-year-old son a plant-based diet instead of getting him vaccinated
Minister says death date estimate would help pensioners manage money
Scrotum jerk takes awful turn for teenager
Car vandal turns out to be a dog
Adult Kickball Team Email: Please Don't Fuck Your Teammates Yet
Shock: A banker can live on £1m salary
Missing boy existed only on Facebook
Karen Gillan's hair to star in Star Wars 7
Woman accidentally pays £2,600 for a Neil Diamond album.
Swedes Vote for Country's Nicest Cock
Rapper cuts off penis in suicide attempt, reattach fails
Court to Weigh Challenge to Ban on Campaign Lies
Wisconsin Republican Committee Votes To Uphold 'Wisconsin's Right... To Secede'
Portland prepares to flush 38 million gallons of water after man pees in reservoir
PETA wanted to turn Jeffrey Dahmer's childhood home into a vegan restaurant.
Mr. Cocaine's last name surprises judge
German Shepherd Called to Jury Duty in New Jersey
Bryan Fischer: The poor should be 'kissing the ground' on which the rich walk
Driver Slams Into Cyclist While Texting... Tells Police "I Just Don't Care"
Texting Driver Who Slammed Cyclist: I, Like, 'Just Don't Care'
Google develops computer vision accurate enough to solve its own CAPTCHAs
Portland Reservoir to be Drained After Teen Pees in Water
Texting driver that injured cyclist: 'I just don't care'
Don't gag: It's time for L.A. to embrace 'toilet to tap' water
Miley Cyrus Emergency... More like Miley Sinus Emergency
US rapper affiliated with Wu-Tang Clan cuts off penis
New Jersey college teacher suspended for daughter's 'Game of Thrones' shirt
Brampton car tyres vandal unmasked as dog
Putin Vs. Palin: Is Alaska Next On His List?
Man facing federal charges over $.89 drink refill
North Charleston man facing federal charges over $.89 drink refill
Portland water supply to be flushed after teen urinates into reservoir
Roads in Mayo get prayers and blessings in a bid to reduce road deaths
Portland plans reservoir flush after teen cited ''urinating'' in reservoir.
Jews ordered to register in east Ukraine
Boonville man lets buyer keep his stolen car
Walter Unbehaun, 74, homesick for jail, pulls a bank job
The Force of Law: Prisoner Claims Persecution for Star Wars Faith
Man urinates in reservoir, ruins 38M gallons of water
Atheist Attacks Roommate With A Knife Because He Thought He Was Jesus
Teen urinates in Portland drinking water: city draining all 38 MILLION gallons
Dog Barks While Viewing A Video of Herself Barking at a Video of Herself Barking
Wife of Man Killed After Swan Attack Files Suit
Cumbria car vandal unmasked as dog
Man fined $525 for drink refill at SC hospital
In weird Brazilian cave insects, male-female sex organs reversed
Man Goes on Broad Street Subway Tracks to Retrieve Orange
Ex-Russian Alaska 'too cold' to annex, Putin jokes
Yob wearing girls' trainers storms school and threatens pupils with water pistol
Wu-Tang-Affiliated Rapper Andre Johnson Severs Penis, Jumps Off Building
Man Accused Of Choking Wife After "Fed Up" With Shopping
Sharks not 'living fossils,' non-living fossil reveals
New York has a new club for under-aged partiers, but you have to be younger than 12.
Scientists have discovered four species of Brazilian insects in which the females possess a penis and the males possess a vagina.
Louisiana Man Sentenced to 13 Years Hard Labor for Possession of 2 Marijuana Cigarettes
Police: Student who jumped to death in Denver ate more than recommended serving of pot cookie
I'm no expert but I highly doubt that factored in...
Teen urinates in reservoir; officials to flush 38M gallons; L.A. weeps
Rapper Cuts Off Penis and Jumps Off Ledge to Commit Suicide But Survives
Researchers decipher a 3rd century document detailing a wrestling match being fixed
One Man's Pee Pushes Portland To Flush 38 Million Gallons Of Water.
Unicef's 'Poo2Loo' Campaign Fights Public Pooping
Secret Service threatened to shoot Mr. Met if he got close to President Clinton, says book
Mr. Met: Secret Service threatened me with 'kill shot'
Hardrock Hotel catches fire before 'Widespread Panic' plays
Fischer: The Poor 'Ought To Be Kissing The Ground' Upon Which The Rich Walk
Pet Cat Attacks Roseville Family, 3 Taken to Hospital
City work crew misspells 'STOP' on roadway in Oakland
Fox & Friends Celebrates Earth Day by 'Cheering' Fossil Fuels
Texas Bro Figured 'Boats 'N Hoes' Was a Good Name for a PAC
US sending helmets, other non-lethal military aid to Ukraine
Oregon dumps millions of gallons of urine-tainted drinking water
Facebook wants to help you meet friends offline
Armed Robber Was Never Told to Report to Prison
Report: Bergen Commmunity College professor suspended over 'Game of Thrones' T-shirt
Joe Biden joins Instagram, internet rejoices
Calif. TV station films dog calmly playing with kids after cop shoots himself trying to kill it
NYPD Ends Surveillance of Muslims; Shifts to Surveillance of Everyone
Clowning industry under threat
Religious Organization Using Bleach Enemas to Treat Autistic Children
Smoking Bed Bugs to get HIGH [crosspost from /r/videos]
New Call of Duty DLC Has Snoop Dogg Announce Your Kills
Sheriff's Deputy Hospitalized After Accidentally Shooting Himself In Leg
Using Bleach Enemas as a Cure for Autism
Former NFL quarterback Donovan McNabb arrested for DUI. Sentenced to one day in jail.
Man Named Cocaine Arrested By Florida Cops On Felony Narcotics Charge
Man's Urine Ruins Reservoir
Residents panic in Markurdi because chicken speaks in Arabic
Head of Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe defends his decision to print 1.5 quadrillion Zimbabwe Dollars.
Hero: 'I'm just a regular guy from Florence who happened to be there'
Hate group hates being labeled as a hate group
Shirtless Channing Tatum Wants to Be Shirtless Gambit in X-Men Franchise
High school football game continues while the school is burning down
Mr. Met once had his life threatened by one of Bill Clinton's Secret Service agents
I Think 'Decent' Obama Would Save Me From Drowning, Putin Says
Lotto winner Michael Carroll wants dustbin job back
Third Madoka Magica Movie Blu Ray Release Causes Spike In Antidepressant Prescriptions (post from /r/anime)
Man With Last Name "Cocaine" Arrested For Drugs In Florida
Harry Reid Calls Cliven Bundy Supporters "Domestic Terrorists"
NBA players call for legalization and NBA approval of medical marijuana
Derrick Rose figurine requires leg assembly
Portland ditches 140 million litres of drinking water after teenager caught urinating in reservoir
Every Member of Congress Has Been Getting Monthly Hustler Mags for over 30 Years
Why Every Member of Congress Gets a Monthly Porn Delivery
Putin says Obama would rescue him if he were drowning. (What if the tables were turned?)
Man killed wife after 56 years of marriage because she was nagging him.
50-million-gallon reservoir to be drained because teen urinated in it.
Milwaukee County man accused of killing blind wife over her nagging
Man Homesick for Prison Is Back Behind Bars
Man's soda refill costs him $525 and gets him slapped with a federal charge
Mr. Poo Is India's Anti-Public Defecation Mascot
Ron Paul: Bitcoin Is Not 'True Money'
General Mills Says If You 'Like' It On Facebook, You Can Never Sue The Company
Husband shoots dead wife after 'eating cannabis' in Colorado
Staten Island Parents Seek Answers After Condoms Delivered To Child
Doctors find 12 gold biscuits in man's gut
Cat attacks owners - sends 3 to hospital
'None of Your Business': Weiner Doesn't Answer Question About Whether He's Still Sexting
Selfie In Front Of A Train? That's A Paddlin'
911 call over spilled milk leads to arrest
Swedish politicians settle differences with 'StarCraft' tournament
Second Fetish Model Arrested In Florida Animal Torture Case
Woman claims she has PTSD from Twitter and cyberstalking
Ukrainian Oligarch Offers $10k for Each Captured Russian Invader
Xbox/PlayStation/PC game Sniper Elite 3 getting level featuring UK star Charlie Brooker, you may be able to shoot him
Spanish Village "Castrillo Kill the Jews" to vote on whether to change the name.
Anarchists Picket Digg Founder's House And Demand $3 Billion For Anti-Capitalist Housing
Top model admits she used to be a man
Man 'armed with bar of TOBLERONE tried to hijack plane to Sochi Olympics'
Hawaii moves to make police/prostitute sex illegal.
Critically Endangered Parrot Humps Zoologist
Billboards blast mysterious playground pooper in Ypsilanti, MI
Surgeons left stunned after finding 12 GOLD BARS in stomach of businessman
Gold biscuits found in the abdomen of a businessman
Male university tradesmen sue over alleged sex discrimination.
Murderer complains prison prevented him from collecting stamps
Woman's rejected "8theist" license plate violates First Amendment
S.C. construction worker handed $525 fine for 89-cent refill
The U.S. government is 'trolling' jihadists on social media
Vet asked to leave Pizza Hut after manager thinks his USMC patches are gang symbols
Man said to be homesick for prison gets 3½ years
First Female Penis in Animal Kingdom Discovered
In Pictures: £8m spent on fake shop fronts in Northern Ireland
'Toblerone-Armed Hijacker' In Hong Kong Court
Jailed soccer ace Ched Evans to rejoin Sheffield United
Mom Finds Dead Body During Easter Egg Hunt
Spirit Airlines Sees All Those Passenger Complaints as Mere Misunderstandings
Andrew Garfield Says Spider-Man is Jewish
This company will send you a giant cardboard penis
Filipinos nailed to cross in Easter ritual frowned on by church
Billboard hopes to catch serial pooper
Book: Lawyer who defended Calif. gay marriage ban plans daughter's gay wedding
Conservative Host: Chelsea's Pregnancy Was A Hillary Clinton Campaign Ploy
Mumps Outbreak Reported at Hoboken College Campus
Professor Suspended After College Deems His Daughter's 'Game Of Thrones' T-Shirt A Threat
Mayor Orders Police Action Because of Crack-Filled Parody Tweets
A Sunday Times sting ends up with the stingers being stung...
Khabib Nurmagomedov confirms that he is the boy in the video of a nine-year-old wrestling a bear
Billboard seeks to flush out 'mystery pooper'
Police Launch Anti-Terror Style Manhunt For Owner of Parody Twitter Account That Mocked Mayor (x-post Bad_Cop_No_Donut)
Naperville, IL cop gets car stuck on top of boulder at Taco Bell
Man follows stolen snowblower's tracks in the snow straight to theft suspect
TV station films dog calmly playing with kids after cop shoots himself trying to kill it
The Untouchables: You Can't Sue General Mills if You "Like" Their Products on Facebook
Warrant shows Peoria Mayor Jim Ardis wanted Twitter parody culprits tracked down
Washington Sewage Plant Invites Weddings
Mimi Faust sex tape causes shortage of ... shower rods?
Oxford City Council apologises after Passion Play it 'mistook for live sex show' is cancelled
Harrison Holds Two-Day Ceremony to Bury Racism
Hawaii Police No Longer Allowed To Have Sex With Prostitutes
Man forced to eat his own beard during lawnmower dispute
Hawaii Police No Longer Allowed To Have Sex With Prostitutes | DrJays.com Live
Suspicious ticking package revealed to be metronome.
Labour Council Bans Passion Of The Christ Play Mistaken For Live Sex Show
Kentucky man says his former friends forced him to eat his beard over lawn mower dispute
Meal Sickens People at Food Safety Summit
Robber, 74, who was homesick for prison to be sentenced
Kentucky Man Forced To Eat Own Beard
Police officer accidentally shoots himself while trying to fire at pit bull
Twins, 7, Attack Carjacker With Fists and Rubber Snake
Citrus dad killed son so he could play video games, says Sheriff's Office
Florida Man Charged With Suffocating Son So He Could Keep Playing Xbox
Obama signs Ted Cruz bill into law, but says he won't enforce it
Florida man named Edward Cocaine arrested for Xanax possession.
First in the nation: UW-Madison establishes post-doc in feminist biology
Laureen Harper heckled at feline film festival in Toronto
Ukraine dolphins to serve in Russian navy
Dead body found during children's Easter egg hunt
Cat 'just flipped,' sends 3 family members to hospital
RZA Speaks About Wu-Tang Clan Affiliate Who Cut Off His Own Penis
Grape condom-carrying hacker lured from Romania by US agents
Dead Belfast man makes stage debut at comedy night
'I just don't care' says texting driver who hit cyclist.
Fake Twitter account of US mayor sparks police raid.
Fake Peoria mayor Twitter account prompts house raid.
Man Eats His Own Beard at Knifepoint Over Botched Lawnmower Sale
Congratulations! Your tiny town has an MRAP and is ready for war
SC Mayor fires gay police chief; refuses to talk to town council about it. "I would much rather have - and I will say this to anybody's face - somebody who drank and drank too much taking care of my child than I had somebody whose lifestyle is questionable around children..."
John Wayne Bobbitt weighs in on rapper Andre Johnson's reported penis reattachment failure
Texas Judge Rules Two Million Recalled Cars Can Still Be Driven
Texas judge rules GM doesn't need to issue 'park-it' order on recalled cars
Ex-cop Dies after Attacking Police Corruption Blogger's Hot Dog Stand
Texas 'Boats 'N Hoes PAC' raising controversy
Student suspended after asking Miss America to prom
Woman: 'Twitter Gave Me PTSD'
Wikipedia Editor, 37, dies
Laureen Harper interrupted by Toronto activist at cat video festival
Putin Tells Snowden That Russia Doesn't Do Mass Surveillance
Man Named Edward Cocaine Arrested On Drug Charge -- In Florida, Of Course
Teen suspended for asking Miss America to prom
Drunken Murfreesboro Man Mows Yard Without Permission
No Requirement To Freak out If You've Been Wounded...Assistance Is Here!
Amateur Monster Hunters Claim to Find Loch Ness Monster with Apple Maps
An 18-Year-Old Intern Who Kept Screwing Up Brain Surgery On Mice Accidentally Stumbled On A Scientific Breakthrough
The world's dumbest idea: Taxing solar energy
NYC Clubs Opening Their Doors to 6-12 Year Olds
Russian Vice Speaker Screams at Guards to Rape Pregnant Journalist 'Hard' (Video)
DutchNews.nl - Pro-paedophile group to be banned, Dutch supreme court says
Cyborg glasses let you fake a good mood
Putin Says Deadline to Pay for Gas Isn't Linked to Ukraine Vote
MPAA and RIAA Members Uploaded Over 2,000 Gigabytes to Megaupload
Money ache - doctors find gold bars in stomach
Tennessee cop fired after shooting, pepper spraying squirrel
New device has the capability to land precisely on human skin, use its super-micron sized needle to take DNA samples and fly off again at speed.
North Korea calls on Foreign Office to act over Kim Jong-un 'bad hair day' poster
Recycling astronaut urine for energy and drinking water
Police: Man tired of shopping attacks wife
Dad kills crying toddler son so he could play Xbox
Will Bill Clinton's grandchildren Be Jewish?
N. Korea protests to UK over Kim Jong-Un hair poster
Train nearly hits US Senator during a railway safety press conference.
Cruise Fights Drones in New Top Gun
Suspicious ticking package revealed to be metronome; Shadyside-Squirrel Hill roads reopen
49ers fans not happy that new SF transit seats are Seahawks colors
Strange 'Ghost Car' Pops Out of Nowhere
Books Bound by Human Skin
US approves 'Palcohol' - powdered alcohol is on the way
Powdered Alcohol Gets U.S. Government Approval
General Mills Says If You 'Like' Cheerios On Facebook, You Can No Longer Sue
Has Apple maps found the Loch Ness Monster?
Loch Ness Monster found on Apple Maps?
Creationist Carl Kerby insists dinosaurs were on Noah's Ark: They took the younger ones
Spirit Airlines CEO: Consumers Complain Because They Don't Understand Us
Naked Man At Walmart Says He Got The Wrong Drugs
Dem Senator Nearly Hit By Train During Press Conference About Commuter Safety
Apple Maps satellite image believed to show Loch Ness Monster
76ers owner calls 19-win season 'success'
Mass. cancer patient, too busy being sick to renew a $5 dog license, ends up in jail
Cop Tries to Shoot Dog, Ends Up Shooting Himself
Cop accidentally shoots self while trying to shoot a dog
Pushy parents 'locked in competition over the class teddy'
For young women in China, slash fanfiction is a dangerous hobby
Library named after Osama bin Laden in Pakistan
Pakistani cleric names Islamabad school library after Osama bin Laden
Canadian Pizza Chain Threatens to Unleash 'Pizza Cake'
Family's car catches fire in lion enclosure at safari park
Does Traditional College Debate Reinforce White Privilege?
Arkansas ex-cop killed while trying to set anti-corruption blogger's hot dog cart on fire
Fox executive fired over Flight 370 charity email
A second woman faces animal cruelty charges for her alleged role in animal torture porn films
Kids Under 12 Now Party At New York's Hottest Nightclubs
2nd Woman Arrested in Animal Torture Porn
New York's hottest nightclub... for kids
Chelsea Clinton Pregnant with Non-Jewish Child
Financial Planner Arrested At Financial Planning Seminar For Financial Shenanigans
Police Charge High School Student with Disorderly Conduct for Using an iPad to Prove He's Being Bullied
Man sentenced after threat to eat judge's kids
State schools isolate non-Muslims
Mother beats her 4 year old son to death because she believed he was gay.
Taylor Swift Medical Condition Makes Her Afraid of Black Men
Business lets customers pay to break stuff
'This time next year I won't have a baby. I'll be famous instead': Four-months' pregnant woman who had £4,800 boob job on NHS wants abortion so she can appear on Big Brother
Toronto GM apologizes for shouting '(expletive) Brooklyn' before Game 1
Man named COCAINE busted for drug possession... of Xanax
Italy awards world's best pizza maker title to Australian chef
BBC NEWS | World | Lion Mutilates 42 Midgets in Cambodian Ring-Fight
Justice Scalia Tells Law Students 'Perhaps You Should Revolt' If Taxes Become Too High
Dead body found during Easter egg hunt
Side of Irony? Meal Sickens People at Food Safety Summit
Longest experiment sees pitch drop after 84-year wait
Thailand Charges Journalists for Human Trafficking Report
Horses spotted roaming south Calgary street, may have been led astray by donkey
BBC News - Gold bars removed from Indian man's stomach
Gold bars removed from Indian man's stomach
God denied car loan for having no credit history
Glamour model contemplates late term abortion to appear on reality television
Baby raises alarm after thief changes channel
Can the Klan rebrand?
CNN actually asked marketing experts whether the Ku Klux Klan could re-brand itself
Bronx gym teacher was fired after refusing to have threesome with her tenured boss and her boyfriend
Sean Bean to play Julius Caesar - with inevitable consequences...
Horses spotted roaming south Calgary street, may have been led astray by donkey. (Orig. /r/Calgary)
Portland Dumps 38 Million Gallons of Water After Man Pees in Reservoir
White House on deport Bieber petition: No comment
Strangers stop savage dog attack with six-pack of beer
'Oh my God, we are dead meat': NH snowmobilers face off with Maine moose
Train barely misses senator during commuter safety presser
Elderly man taped €200,000 to his genitals
Sean Bean to play Julius Caesar
Bachmann's Ex-Gay Ally Says Satan Is Using Celebrities To Spread Gay 'Filth'
Passenger Used Toblerone Chocolate Bar 'Like A Sword' In Bizarre Hijack Attempt, Court Hears
Cathay passenger wielded Toblerone 'like sword' and demanded to be flown to Sochi
NHS Boob Job Mum Turned Escort Josie Cunningham 'Aborting Baby To Find Fame On Big Brother' (PICTURES)
CNN asks: "Can the Klan rebrand?"
Tea Party Mistakenly Protests Arizona Thespian Center: "Thespians are against God's will"
Bad Ads? Funeral Services Struggle with Sense of Humor
Bear gets head stuck in plastic jar in Greater Sudbury
Zuckerberg Vows Facebook Will Shoot Down Google Drones : The New Yorker
Scientists Successfully Teach Monkey Theory of Evolution
Jesus appears, reportedly gets arrested at Bruins-Red Wings game
Infants 'unable to use toy building blocks' due to iPad addiction
Former Norwegian left-wing radical who used to oppose NATO and who has publicly urged the Norway Government to leave the organization has been appointed as the new Secretary General of ..... Yes you guessed it, NATO!!
96000 Pounds of Oscar Mayer Wieners Recalled Due to Cheesy Mistake
'Firework battle' as Greek churches mark Easter
Ice Cream Truck Turf War on Easter (x-post /r/protectandserve)
Filipinos Celebrate Easter by Crucifying a Bunch of People
Kentucky man forced to eat his own beard during fight
Come try your hand a Prorogue-A-Mole
CNN Asks if the KKK Can 'Rebrand,' Seriously
Kraft recalls 96,000 pounds of wieners over undisclosed milk
Right-Wing Host Thinks Chelsea Clinton May Have 'Staged' Pregnancy to Help Hillary
North Korea accuses US and allies of "worst human rights abuses"; says defectors to South Korea who exposed human rights abuses are "terrorists" and that North Korea's masses are leading happy lives. The North said that human rights investigations would only make it achieve "Final Victory" faster.
16-year-old survives in wheel well of Maui flight
Horrifying: Woman To Abort Her Child So That She Can Be On Reality Show
Married Georgia teacher had threesome with students in classroom, another tryst at local Waffle House: police
16 year old survives 5 hour flight in wheel-well of plane.
California teen survives flight to Hawaii in jet's wheel well
Senator has close call with train during railway safety speech
You're Apparently Not Allowed to Sue General Mills
When 'Liking' a Brand Online Voids the Right to Sue
World's tallest tower to be built by Binladen Group | i24news
Car Bursts Into Flames, Nearly Feeding Family to Lions
Times are so tough in Italy that Mafiosi are considering getting jobs.
Oscar Pistorius took acting lessons to ready for teary performance at trial: report
Kraft Recalls Hot Dogs That Are Actually Cheese Dogs
Dead body found under deck during Easter egg hunt in Knoxville, Tenn
Hey expats, let Swedes swear in English
This Dancing Poop Will Teach India's Poor How To Use The Toilet
$3.5G reward offered for information on poisoned meatballs found in Colorado park
Glenn Beck takes on Hollywood with big movie production plans
High School Senior Suspended After Asking Miss America To Prom
Apple Maps Discovers 'Loch Ness Monster,' World Discovers Apple Maps
Powdered alcohol approved by Feds, coming to a store near you
KKK starts a Neighborhood watch in Fairview Township, PA
Shepreth Wildlife Park 'tiger escape' alarm halts Easter egg hunt
Senator Holds Commuter Safety Presser, Almost Gets Hit By Train
Guelph gentlemen's club to start hosting church service
Texas Students Choose Career Paths In The Eighth Grade, And That's Creating Anxiety
Here Are the States Where Blowjobs Are Illegal But Necrophilia's Cool
Skydivers' Plane Crashes: 8 Die In Finland
North Korea to send team to France to learn the art of cheese-making
Senator Nearly Hit by Train During a Train Safety Event
Senator Almost Gets Hit By A Train At Press Conference On Rail Safety
U.S. Senator Ignores Key Safety Rule at Commuter Safety Press Conference, Almost Gets Hit by Train | Video
Russian and American Military Dolphins Might Face Off This Summer
Real-life kidnap victim to sue Mark Wahlberg over 'Pain and Gain' film
So apparently they're making powdered alcohol?
Journalists investigating human trafficking pretend to sell baby to other journalists investigating human trafficking
Florida Man Named Edward Cocaine Is Arrested for Drug Possession
Powdered Alcohol or Palcohol "Coming to Stores this Fall"
Japanese man retains title at Air Guitar World Championship in Finland
This Guy Is Trying to Collect Every Single Copy of the Movie 'Speed' on VHS
Senator almost Gets Hit by Train During Press Conference about Safety
Poll reveals majority of Americans distrust Big Bang Theory
Teen Survives Flight To Hawaii In Jet's Wheel Well, FBI Says
Orgasmatron will pleasure you endlessly
Thinking 'obesity is a disease' makes you more likely to eat high-calorie foods, study finds
Putin tells Snowden there is no mass spying in Russia. 'Thank God.'
India Wants To Take On 'US Hegemony' Over The Internet... By Renaming It The Equinet
Train Nearly Takes Out Senator During Safety Press Conference
Can this KKK leader rebrand?
Canada's war on doorknobs - The Economist
Reddit downgrades technology community after censorship (xpost from /r/technology)
Reddit downgrades technology community after censorship
Kraft Foods recalls 96,000 pounds of Oscar Mayer wieners for mislabeling.
McDonald's Gave Me the "Girl's Toy" With My Happy Meal. So I Went to the CEO.
Autistic Md. boy says he wants to resume relationship with girls accused of assault
Driver turns herself in to police for failing to stop at yellow traffic light.
Louisville Kentucky Jaw Dropping Update - FBI Assisting Say City Is Hostage To Coordinated Middle School Terror Group "Young N' Off That" (YNO) Who Are "Armed In A Major Way"....
Reporters Set Up Baby-Trafficking Sting, Get Stung by Other Reporters
Sherpa strike closes down Everest after avalanche deaths
Knobless oblige: new building rules will help old folks-who now risk being eaten by bears
"Jesus Not Coming Back By The Looks Of It" Admits Vatican
The Ukrainian navy's combat dolphins, based in Sevastopol, abruptly defected from the Ukraine and switched sides to Russia. They may face their American equivalents in the Black Sea as tensions between the West and Russia heat up.
US Navy to deploy twenty combat dolphins for Black Sea military drills; ten sea lions will also take part in the drills.
Naperville Cop Stoned at Taco Bell
"In retrospect I should have had my pants on," Carrillo told the officers.
Worst 1st date? Woman's dog, TV stolen
Palcohol: the powderised alcohol that turns water into rum
Man steals 'calming' tea from store, threatens staff with brick
China: "Violent Government Thugs" Beaten To Death By Angry Crowds After They Killed A Man Documenting Their Brutality
Some White Supremacists Planted Easter Eggs with Racist Messages in Them
Powdered Alcohol Doesn't Meet Federal Approval
Japanese driver fails to stop at a yellow light, turns herself in to the police in guilt
MH370 conspiracy: Does rapper Pitbull predict Malaysia Airlines plane will go missing in 2012 track Get It Started?
Now at Burger King Shanghai: Creamy PooPoo Smoothies
Besides the living, BIR (the Philippines' IRS equivalent) now going after the dead to boost tax collection
Brisbane dad hired underage prostitute for son
Police on skates to patrol city streets
Kidnapper releases boy, 10, because he won't stop singing gospel song
Spanish Village Called "Kill Jews" Considers Name Change
Stopping 'Stop Tony Meow': how web plug-in caught the Department of Prime Minister's attention
Spanish Village Considers Changing Name From "Kill Jews"
Hot Fuzz: America's First Catfé to Open in NY Grab a coffee ... and a pet.
Man ruins Game of Thrones with series of novels full of spoilers
Health Canada recall 'purple kush' marijuana - British Columbia
Trying to smuggle gold into India man swallows $23,000 worth in bars
Police: Naked priest arrested with hundreds of child pornography photos
Can Taylor Swift save Ukraine?
Police: Student ate more pot than recommended
AirTran employee gets 10 years for smuggling machine gun, cocaine at Atlanta airport
Meet the Press Is Doing So Poorly That NBC Commissioned a Psychological Evaluation of David Gregory
'Baptism is a crime against children': ECHR
Murray Co. deputy bitten during "selfie" with K-9
Easter egg hunt in Laval goes horribly wrong
Openly Anti-Semitic Marionville Mayor Resigns After Heated Debate About Jews and Whether the Town Has a Black Person
Ex-judge installed camera in women's toilet at Ministry of Justice
Navy lacrosse player from NJ threatened cab driver with butter knife, cops say
Church of Beyoncé opens in Atlanta. Worshippers read from the "Beyble" as they praise "Mother Bey."
10-stone testicles made man's life a "freak show"
Couple Asks Reddit To Name Daughter, Reddit Does Surprisingly Well
Graphene 'wonder material' made with kitchen blender
Comcast: 99% of Customers Love Our Customer Service
Anti-Piracy Group Caught Pirating Song For Anti-Piracy Ad... Corruption Scandal Erupts In Response
Atheists Strong Arm Wrestling Team over Bible Verse
Colombians Are Tired of People Misspelling Their Country's Name as 'Columbia'
Christians React to Honey Maid's Pro-Gay Ad, Urge Prayers for Nabisco
Too Short -- I'm Not a Hitler Hater
KFC Debuts Chicken Drumstick Corsage
Police to target distracted drivers
Police release man after accidental bomb threat on government agency. "Fake threat was meant to be sent to the man's mother."
'Purple kush' affected by recall
IRS gave bonuses to employees who didn't pay their taxes
Defendant Killed in Courtroom for Wielding a Pen in a "Threatening Manner"
Actor that played Damien in 2004's Mean Girls writes a coming out letter to his character
Intensive care patient faces charges of selling drugs from hospital bed
Comments on Canada's war on doorknobs: Knobless oblige: New building rules will help old folks-who now risk being eaten by bears
'Loch Ness Monster' Spotted On Apple Maps
Soccer Allow German workers to turn up late after World Cup games, unions say
Potato-wielding man tried to rob store, dry-cleaners
VETERENS IN ROCHESTER CANCELING PARADE TO BLOCK PEACE MARCHERS
Sherpa strike closes down Everest
A NFL Linebacker Suffered a Stroke During a Game Last Season and Kept Playing
Kansas man seeks to hide 'murder' tattoo before his murder trial
Everything You Need to Know to Rebuild Civilization from Scratch
Take pupils to the pub for their school lunch, urges minister for shops
KKK Forms Neighborhood Watch Group In Pennsylvania
Allow German workers to turn up late after World Cup games, unions say
Intimate Lesbians Becomes 10 Millionth Upload on The Pirate Bay (TPB)
IRS awards bonuses to 1,100 who owe back taxes
Bottle of wine a day 'is not bad for you': Leading scientist also claims those who exceed recommended dose could live longer than teetotallers
Pupils should have lunch in pub, says minister
Obama ordered to divulge legal basis for killing Americans with drones
CA Police Officer Attempts to Shoot Dog in His Own Fenced Yard, Shoots Self Instead
Man arresting for stealing a donut at Wal-mart
Iceland tests find meat pies contain no meat at all
Police damage own water cannon with eggs
Man on Trial for Murder Worried "Murder" Tattoo Might Hurt His Case
Mom Bites off Dog's Ear to Save Daughter
A Majority of Americans Still Aren't Sure About the Big Bang
Advice from Japanese women on dealing with boyfriend's anime girlfriend ‹ Japan Today: Japan News and Discussion
The Waste List: 66 Ways The U.S. Government Is Blowing Your Hard-Earned Money
The Onesie That Turns You Into A Wi-Fi Hotspot
Woman finds body during egg hunt
Kansas man with 'murder' tattooed on neck wants to hide ink before murder trial
Church starts fight club.
Man wants neck tattoo that says 'murder' removed before trial
Exclusive--Texas AG Abbott to BLM: 'Come and Take It'
Teens Shot Sally The Llama With Bow And Arrow, Slashed Her Throat: Cops
Babies cry at night to prevent siblings, scientist suggests
Police: Arrest warrants issued for llama killing suspects; animal shot with arrow, throat slit
Everyone's Tweeting Photos of Police Brutality Thanks to a Failed NYPD Hashtag
Potato-wielding bandits in Rhode Island.
Important 911 reminder from Mt. Lebanon police chief
Parents ask internet to name their kid; meet baby Cthulhu All-Spark
Kidnapped boy Willie Myrick sings gospel song until abductor sets him free
Kidnapped 10-year-old boy set free after singing a gospel song for 3 hours straight
Boy sings gospel and escapes kidnapper
Kanye West Asked James Franco and Seth Rogen To Perform Their "Bound 2" Parody at His Wedding (xpost r/hiphopheads)
Girl Mauled by Raccoon Leaves Hospital With Ear on Arm
Women take on Bear Grylls over 'sexist' male-only desert island show
Albuquerque police kill suspect amid federal inquiry into excessive force
Police: 'Call of Duty' loss prompts shooting hoax in Long Beach
Parents ignore Internet's choice of name for daughter: Cthulu All-Spark
Loaded, stolen gun found in woman's body
Cops: Teen Had Loaded Revolver In Her Vagina
Saudi prince kills nearly 2,000 endangered birds on safari
Bust of Romania's former first lady 'too sexy', says Ministry of Culture
Jaden Smith gets leading role in a film about slavery
#myNYPD Twitter campaign backfires, promotes photos of police brutality instead of positive encounters with public
The NYPD's Twitter Campaign Ended Up Like This
South Korea Ferry Tragedy Postpones Pokemon X And Y Anime Episode Broadcast Featuring Skrelp And Dragalge? Death Toll Count Reaches 121
Mystery of 'ocean quack sound' solved
Portland's Teen Urinator Speaks About the Whiz Seen Round the World
Bare torsos should be barred
Black Student Holds Protest After Getting Rejected From University Of Michigan
Black High School Student Holds News Conference to Protest University of Michigan Rejection
Kidnapper Releases 10-Year-Old Who Won't Stop Singing Gospel Song
US navy dolphins will not accompany missile destroyer to Black Sea
Accused Killer Fears 'Murder' Tattoo Sends Wrong Message
Little boy released from kidnapper after he sings gospel music
US: Accused Killer Jeffrey Chapman Wants 'Murder' Neck Tattoo Removed Before Trial
Tennessee teen arrested with loaded gun stashed in her vagina
Justin Bieber apologises after Japan shrine visit sparks Asian anger
Ku Klux Klan operating 'neighborhood watch' in Pennsylvania
Teens Smoke Bed Bugs to get High
'Nothing will get in my way': British model to have abortion in hopes of becoming celebrity
Chapman seeks tattoo artist prior to murder trial
Man charged after drunken nightclub hugging ends in death
Sore loser sends SWAT team storming into Long Island home of rival as revenge for beating him in Call of Duty
High school senior kicked out of prom for wearing pants
Dog testifies in court in French murder case
Retired nurse sues for $275,000 in Oregon pet duck attack
Magical Warlock Allegedly Molested Children As Young As 3-Years-Old
Man Crowdfunds Penis Surgery for His Pet Tortoise
Bristol man seeking help for pet tortoise Cedric with swollen penis
Police find loaded revolver in teen's vagina
Apparently This Matters: Virtual soda drinking
'Literally' figuratively destroyed by program to remove the word's misuse
Sore Loser in Video Game Sends SWAT Teams to Teen's Home
Man makes deathbed murder confession, Miraculously recovers. Will now spend rest of life in prison.
The Francis effect: The pope as a turnaround CEO
How Justin Bieber inadvertently stepped into one of the world's greatest geopolitical controversies
IRS Gave $1 Million in Bonuses to Employees Who Didn't Pay Taxes
Swedish underwear shop puts staff in bras
Eric Adams to Rob Ford: Wanna bet?
Kansas man seeks to hide `murder' tattoo before trial
Rand Paul Says Jimmy Carter Was Better on the Budget Than Ronald Reagan
LoL Riot Points Adder Download for Free only from : http://riotpointsadderforfree.blogspot.com
Woman wants $275K for 'abnormally dangerous' duck attack
Illinois woman sues condo where husband died from swan attack
Ga. governor signs 'guns everywhere' into law
Iggy Azalea Stopped Crowd Surfing Because 'People Try To Finger' Her
Fisherman Loses His Record for 805-pound Shark on a Technicality
Florida Man Reported as Record Breaker for Catching 805-Pound Shark Actually Broke the Rules by Eating It
Kidnapper releases boy who won't stop singing gospel song Read more: http://www.myfoxdetroit.com/story/25320777/kidnapper-releases-boy-who-wont-stop-singing-gospel-song#ixzz2zjbhXEII
Mandan man lights himself on fire, runs through car wash, steals car during drug trip
Iggy Azalea Wants Fans To Stop Trying To Finger Her [NSFW]
Tommy Chong Now Part-Owner of Colorado Cannabis Store news for cannabis entrepreneurs
Bin Laden-Themed Bars Are Big in Brazil
Head injury turns man into math whiz
These Backpacks For Cows Collect Their Fart Gas And Store It For Energy
Canada Post takes 45 years to deliver letter to Calgary woman living just 215 kilometres away from sender
Half-eaten cinnamon roll leads Wisconsin police to car thief
Florida elementary school stops serving Mountain Dew before standardized tests
American mailman jailed for stashing 45,000 letters in dead mother's basement.
KKK Forms Neighborhood Watch in Pennsylvania
Florida Republican Arrested For DUI After Leaving Taco Bell At 2 A.M.
Justin Bieber visits Japanese War Criminal Shrine, Enraging Asian fans.
Iggy Azalea Had To Stop Crowdsurfing Because People Tried To Finger Her
High School uses Care Bears to discourage dirty dancing.
Kidnapper releases boy who won't stop singing gospel song
Man who rubbed women with eggs in 'spiritual cleansing' guilty of rape
Man in wheelchair shoots male driver multiple times after stopping to ask a question.
Missouri newspaper: Meet our ugly news team
Fan Attempts to Collect Every Copy of the 1994 Movie 'Speed' with Sandra Bullock
Canadian aborted babies incinerated in Oregon waste-to-energy facility to provide electricity
Sorority 'Dick Sucking Queen' Writes Truly Unhinged Graduation Letter
Classy or trashy? Dancers twerk to classical music
Kids Are Now Applying Lip Balm To Their Eyelids To Get High, And It's Called 'Beezin'
Sorority Girl Encourages Other Sorority Girls To 'Learn To Love Sucking D*ck' And To 'Swallow That Load'
Cops find loaded gun in Tennessee woman's vagina
UK Woman sues attorneys for not warning her divorce would terminate marriage
Mayor Leffingwell Gets a Breakfast Taco Intervention
Julian Assange Punches Out Priest On Easter Sunday
In D.C., pandas elicit more concern than the poor
Accused killer fears 'Murder' tattoo on neck sends wrong message
North Korea slams U.N. human rights report because it was led by gay man
Ambulance takes drunk teen from Stephen Harper's residence
Justin Bieber apologizes to China
Turkey's Erdogan offers condolences for 1915 Armenia killings
Former Deputies Arrested For Allegedly Planting Guns At Pot Shop
Reddit User Posts About Missing Mom, Other Redditor Finds Her
Naked man tasered for throwing pants at police during strip search
Georgia Unveils New Slogan: "We Make Florida Look Safe"
[NSFW] The artist who lays eggs with her vagina - or why performance art is so silly
A Masturbation Lawsuit Is Rattling Christian Homeschoolers
Meg Ryan To Voice The Mother In CBS' 'How I Met Your Dad'
Man on trial for murder wants state to pay for tattoo removal...of a tattoo that says "MURDER"
Teenager arrested with loaded gun hidden in her vagina
40 Percent of Infants in the U.S. Live in Fear of Their Parents, Says Study
KKK group to launch neighborhood watch in Pa. township
Sheriff hopeful accused of campaign sign theft
Russia: Swearing in films banned by lower house
Call of Duty loser calls in SWAT team hoax on kid who beat him
This Tiny Penis Sculpture Promises to Give Women Confidence at the Negotiation Table
New Yorkers Protest Long Shadows Cast By New Skyscrapers
Former Iron Curtain Still Barrier for Deer
Movie Rights Optioned for Marshmallow Peeps
Racist Easter Eggs Left On Lawn Outrage Parents
Stone Cold Steve Austin supports same-sex marriage
After Crash, PETA Asks DOT for 10-foot Turkey Memorial
Man charged with murder wants 'MURDER" tattoo removed from neck before trial.
PETA wants to erect 10-foot-tall memorial for turkeys killed in Iowa crash
Why you shouldn't report sexual harassment
Indian Artifact Treasure Trove Paved Over for Marin County Homes
DARPA creates Biological Technologies Office, admits ethical boundaries will be crossed
'Intoxicated' 18-year-old girl reportedly rushed to hospital from Prime Minister Harper's residence
Kids Are Using Lip Balm to Get High
Murder suspect wants jury to ignore 'murder' neck tattoo
Some Harris County feral hogs head to food banks
Man Pronounces Name of Longest Protein
Man wants 'murder' tattoo removed from neck before trial.
Man Wants 'Murder' Tattoo Removed Before Trial
Baptists Tell Pastors at Sexuality Summit: No More 'Adam and Steve' Jokes
And You Thought Marrying The Guy From Nickelback Was The Worst Thing Avril Lavigne Ever Did
Masturbation calms restless leg syndrome
Cliven Bundy on "the Negro": "I've often wondered, are they better off as slaves, picking cotton and having a family life and doing things, or are they better off under government subsidy?"
Hong Kong Howls, But 88% of Mainland Chinese Don't Mind Public Urination - China Real Time Report
Chad Kroeger and Avril Lavigne Finally Wrote a Song So Awful that the Internet Has Collectively Rejected It
Police say woman peddled heroin - from her hospital bed
Man Allegedly Robs Ice Cream Store with Syringe Full Of Aids
USF to graduates: No more selfies
French Footballer Lassana Diarra denies rumours he has become a jihadist in the Syria war
'It's OK to drink six pints a day': Alcohol expert says up to 13 daily units AREN'T harmful for health
Neil deGrasse Tyson Said Earth Is 4.5 Billion Years Old on TV: Creationists' Heads Explode
Stephen Hawking Sues Daft Punk For Illegally Sampling His Voice
US Arresting immigrants trying to self-deport...so we can deport them
Spain town with 'Kill Jews' in name mulls change
PETA asks to build memorial to turkeys killed in Sioux City truck crash
NYPD commissioner welcomes attention from disastrous #myNYPD hashtag
Portuguese Drone Program Off to Nonflying Start
Fetal Tissue Could be Used to Power Oregon Homes
Obama finds robots 'a little scary'
SEMI CRASH: PETA Seeks 10ft Turkey Memorial
B.C. Fetal tissue used to power Oregon homes
'Breaking news: We serve hot cottage pies' - pub updates chalkboar after TripAdvisor row Read more: http://www.stokesentinel.co.uk/Breaking-news-serve-hot-cottage-pies-Westbury/story-21006570-detail/story.html#ixzz2zoP8SrvC
Is fetal tissue from B.C. used to power Oregon homes?
Energy Plant in Oregon Burning Aborted Babies From Canada to Generate Electricity
Prisoner broke out of jail to escape rap music
Taco Bell to Start 'Upscale' Food Chain
Bernie Ecclestone Forgets He's Married on 1st Day of Bribery Trial
Murder Suspect Wants Huge "Murder" Tattoo Removed Before Trial
Some Nightclubs, Event Centers now Required to Provide Earplugs
Woman is stabbed, calls 911, police show up and shoot her teen son. Fourth Circuit finds excessive force and unlawful shooting. City attorney argues standing still is a "precursor" to charging, justifying deadly force.
Court refuses trial by combat
4th Graders busted for selling pot
Police find gun in woman's vagina
Obese virgin who accidentally smashed his girlfriend's head through a wall the first time they had sex now a 'hit with the ladies' after shedding 16 stone.
For airlines not named United, it was a great 1Q
Viewing Pirated Material Is Not Direct Copyright Infringement, Judge Tells Tarantino
Russia's Putin calls the Internet a 'CIA project'
Man 'armed' with potato in Rhode Island robbery attempt
Soldier in battle to rid home of squatters, Florida sheriff's office says it can't do anything [x-post from /r/news]
6 students cited for Nerf gun 'wars'
Soldier in battle to rid home of squatters, Florida sheriff's office says it can't do anything
Drake Breaks Out Lint Roller at NBA Game
Sparks from titanium-coated golf clubs can start fires
Great Northern Jerk-Off celebrates 20th anniversary with 38 entries
Man crushed to death by giant John Paul II crucifix
Conservatives begin backing away after Cliven Bundy's remarks disparaging 'the Negro'
Russian And American Combat Dolphins Might Face Off This Summer
Jewish centers murder suspect F. Glenn Miller was once caught with black male prostitute, report says
Oregon orders incinerator to stop burning B.C. medical waste for power as it could contain aborted fetal tissue
IRS workers who failed to pay taxes got bonuses, report says
Man Accused Of Murder Wants 'Murder' Tattoo Removed From Neck Before Trial
Tissue from aborted fetuses used to power Oregon homes
Jeffrey Chapman, Kansas man charged with first-degree murder, wants "murder" tattoo removed
Man Wants To Hide "Murder" Tattoo Before Murder Trial
White Supremacist Suspect in Kansas Mass Shooting Was Once Arrested "Mid-Act" with Black Male Prostitute
Cliven Bundy Wants to Tell You All About 'the Negro'
White Supremacists Hide Easter Eggs With Racist Notes In VA Neighborhood
Parents Outraged After Finding Easter Eggs Filled With Racist Notes
Bodies of Aborted Babies Burned to Power Homes in Oregon
USA: Woman Claims Daughter is Half-Sasquatch
Iran Has Won Influential Human Rights Seats at UN
Florida man arrested for driving down Interstate 95 while masturbating
Teen "Definitely Recommends" Using a Hot Pocket as a Cheesy Fleshlight
Cliven Bundy wonders if black people were "better off as slaves"
Ex-KKK leader behind Kansas Jewish center killings paid for sex with black man dressed as woman: report
Cops find loaded gun in Tennessee woman's vagina: report
White supremacist arrested in Kansas shooting spree once caught 'mid-act' with black male prostitute
School Agrees to Stop Pumping Kids Full Of Mountain Dew Before Tests
Chinese gamer breaks up with her boyfriend for stealing her blue buff
School Stops Serving Mountain Dew Before FCAT After Complaints
Nevada Rancher, Conservative Hero: "Negroes" Should Be Picking Cotton
Cornish to be recognised as a national minority along with Scots, Welsh and Irish
Government officials reject proposals to knight former Aston Villa and Birmingham City striker Emile Heskey
Dozens of Never-Before-Seen Andy Warhol Works Found on Floppy Disks
Texas woman jailed over corn dog incident
Joe Biden's New Chevy Corvette Stingray: Could This Be It?
Libertarian Hero Cliven Bundy Shockingly Turns Out to Be Gigantic Racist
Squirrel causes $300K in damage, dies
Discharged Marine regrets crucifying himself in public
Married lesbian 'throuple' expecting first child
Constitutional Court Asks Media Not To Call It a 'Joke'
Obama Signs Law Banning Himself From Entering The US
Fetal tissue from B.C. used to power Oregon homes
Elmo's Voice Cleared of Sex Abuse Charges
Giant Pope John Paul II Crucifix Collapses And Kills Young Man In Italy
Ronald McDonald's Millennial Makeover Includes Selfies, Cargo Pants
Moroccan Jew asks to join ruling Islamist party
Kid Loses Call of Duty Match, Calls Swat Team On His Opponent
African American day at the National Zoo ends with 2 shot
N. Idaho man collecting every VHS copy of Speed
8-Year-Old Boy Faces Felony Charges After Tantrum
Elmo Puppeteer Kevin Clash Cleared of Sex Abuse Charges
Meet Ryan Beitz, The Man Who Wants To Own Every VHS Copy Of 'Speed'
Library Locking Bathrooms After Used Needles Clog Drains
President Obama Plays Soccer with Humanoid Japanese Robot
The World Speed Project is about one man collecting every VHS copy of 'Speed'
NFL wary of putting Seahawks home games in prime-time due to recent blowouts
Police: Mom praised for saving son from explosion admits she started fire
Family of teen fatally struck by SUV sued by motorist for her 'pain and suffering'
Cartoon Characters Shave Their Heads To Show Kids With Cancer That Bald Is Beautiful
Driver of SUV that hit cyclists suing dead teen's family
olorado 4th-graders sold grandparents' pot at school, officials say
Praying mantis gets pair of 3D glasses... watches own version of The Fly
Autopsy report shows beaten man died of natural causes
Ronald McDonald Officially A Hipster
Oregon county puts stop to incinerating aborted babies for electricity: 'We are outraged'
Republicans blast Nevada rancher for failing to use commonly accepted racial code words
John Paul II crucifix crushes man in northern Italy
The Cool New Way to Get High Is Apparently To Rub Burt's Bees Lip Balm On Your Eyelids
Newspaper Predicts Apocalypse, Has Meltdown
Illustrious Newspaper prints "World Is Fukt" on front page, has meltdown
Demise of 5 cherished ducks brings a trail of human turmoil
Vietnam veteran David W. 'Pervert Dave' Cummings led colorful, tragic life
Mount Baldy to remain closed this summer as holes mystery persists
'Mean Girls' actor Daniel Franzese [Damian] comes out as gay
Humanoid Robot Challenges Obama in Soccer
Doctors Warn About New Drug Trend "Beezin'" Where You Rub Burt's Bees Chapstick On Your Eyeballs
Sri Lanka deports British tourist for her Buddha tattoo
Kidnapper kicks victim out of car for singing
Kim Jong Un mobbed by crying female soldiers
These Reddit Users Get Our Upvote After Helping Man Find Missing Mom
Call of Duty Player Loses Game, Calls SWAT Team
'Call Of Duty' Swatting Hoax On Long Island Caused By Game's Loser, Police Say (VIDEO)
Nick Clegg: I fear rat meat is in kebabs
Lab gets funding to put 3D goggles on praying mantises
Teen Arrested With Loaded Gun In Vagina.
Calif. developer finds, then paves over ancient Indian village to build $55 million project
Russia does not blackmail other countries unlike US - Lavrov
Sutter County Sikh Told He Can't Serve On Jury With Ceremonial Knife
Uzbek Broadcasters Set To Self-Destruct
Vladimir Putin hates everything about the Internet except 'Website Vladimir'
Drunk passenger triggers hijack alert on Australian flight to Bali
Spiderman runs for election in India
Argument Over Corn Dog Ends With Woman Behind Bars in Midland
Turkmenistan: Late authoritarian ruler boosts vodka sales
A bottle of wine a day is not bad for you and abstaining is worse than drinking, scientist claims
Indian 'Spider-Man' leaps into politics
campaign for children to pee in Hong Kong streets
Was Jesus gay? Probably
Republicans Are Racists? No, It's Just All a Big Coincidence
Jewish centers murder suspect F. Glenn Miller Jr. was once caught with a black male prostitute, former prosecutor says
Releasing 1.5 Million Balloons Into The Air Is A Bad Idea
New bride rushed to hospital because of two hour orgasm
Virginia colonoscopy patient sues doctors for mocking him while unconscious
Wranglers in America's West relying on bigger horses to carry growing number of overweight tourists
Justin Bieber apologizes for Japan war shrine trip
India's 'Spider-Man' pledges to use powers for good
Jon Hamm Asks That You Please Stop Talking About His Penis
Beezin: Kids use lip balm on eyelids to get a high
Mitch McGary heading to NBA after marijuana test nets him yearlong NCAA ban
Man aspires to own every VHS copy of 'Speed' ever created
Elon Musk announces mysterious announcement, mysteriously
Driver who killed boy on a bicycle is now suing the dead boy and his family, amongst many others.
Brazil's Rousseff praises U.S. for relaxing grip on Internet
Massachusetts moves closer to approving fluffernutter as official state sandwich
Idaho ranch upgrades to bigger horses for bigger tourists
Dude choosing college based on babe/dude ratio worried about the future of education
Italian Man Killed by Giant Falling Crucifix Dedicated to Pope John Paul II
Woman Gets Plastic Surgery So She Can Look Better in Selfies
IRAN WINS SEAT ON UN WOMEN'S RIGHTS COMMISSION
Woman calls 911 to report that the sun is a UFO
South Korea admits ferry disaster dead bodies given to wrong families
Tibetan monk loses life's work after posing for selfie with Boris Johnson
Pentagon shows off man-size, 'Terminator'-like search and rescue robot
90-year-old earns high school diploma, seeks after-grad party
Ex-Marine draws outrage by 'crucifying' himself at Colorado Capitol
178 Days Since Release, DICE Confirms Battlefield 4 Still Broken - News
North Korea's Got a Big Crystal Meth Problem
Pope John Paul II Crucifix Falls, Crushes Man to Death
White Working-Class Women Should Raise Kids Alone
This is Why You Should Never Release 1.5 Million Balloons At Once
Putin says Internet is a CIA project
Pilgrim Crushed To Death By Giant Crucifix
Microscopic 3D printer makes magazine cover smaller than a grain of salt
SUV driver who struck teen on bike suing dead boy, family
She killed the teenaged cyclist while driving her SUV, now she's suing his grief-stricken family
Giant Crucifix Dedicated To Pope Crushes Pilgrim
GOP Lawmaker Says Women Don't Deserve Equal Pay Because They're Lazier
Connecticut high school girl killed in apparent prom dispute
Middle school teacher charged over student's birthday lap dance
Fourth-Graders in Colorado Get Busted for Selling Weed on the Playground
Zonkey, rare crossbreed born in northern Mexico zoo
Loch Ness monster is "spiritual," say Buddhists
Mpls. junks Columbus day for 'indigenous people's day'
Utah mom upset over racy magazine displayed.
Police: Fayetteville teen poisoned grandma's collards
Obama 'ate only half' the sushi course
China's Toxic Soil, Air Pollution, and Dead Animals Prompt Environmental Reform
North Korea arrests 24 year old American citizen trying to claim asylum in DPRK
Lap dance for student lands Aldine ISD teacher in the hot seat
Man crushed by giant crucifix dedicated to Pope
Binge drinking 'link to overeating'
Oregon power plant ordered to stop accepting aborted fetuses for fuel
Aldine ISD police: Middle school teacher gives student lap dance, says 'I love you baby'
Nation's most expensive high school football stadium closed due to cracks
Oregon company stopped from accepting abortion waste
Man's Eventual, Inevitable Death Only Obstacle In His Quest To Own Every VHS Copy Of 'Speed'
Is The Navy Using Combat Dolphins?
Man crushed to death by giant crucifix dedicated to Pope
REPORT: Former KKK Grand Dragon Arrested With Black Transvestite Prostitute
Giant crucifix dedicated to Pope John Paul II crushes pilgrim
Trooper injured after patrol car hit by house.
Teens using lip balm on eyelids to enhance being drunk, high
New Yorkers Protest Long Shadows Cast By New Skyscrapers : NPR
New Pennsylvania bride charged with killing niece following argument about who would drive
Cliven Bundy: If People Think I'm Racist, Blame MLK Jr.
Hacker hijacks baby monitor
Obama: I'd 'Absolutely' Save Putin If He Were Drowning
Bride kills niece during wedding party, police say
Teacher accused of giving student, 15, lap dance in class on birthday
Boy kills 16-year-old girl when she refused his prom proposal.
Woman accused of seeking horse on Craigslist for sex
New Rap Quotes on Street Signs Popping up in L.A.
I Would 'Absolutely' Save Putin From Drowning - President Obama
11 Popular Songs the CIA Used to Torture Prisoners in the War on Terror
Man Lost At Sea For 14 Months Denies Eating Shipmate
Taco Bell Unveils Higher End Taco Shop To Also Feature Milkshakes, Wine And Beer
Netflix Is Getting Its Own Cable Channel
REPORT: Former KKK Grand Dragon Arrested With Black Prostitute
Woman sues parents of cyclist she killed with her SUV, complaining "her enjoyment of life has been be lessened"
Bundy: If People Were Offended by 'Negro,' Then MLK 'Hasn't Got His Job Done Yet'
Middle school teacher provides 'full-contact' lap dance in front of class for birthday boy
Praying Mantis Wears World's Smallest 3D Glasses and Goes to the 3D Movies
Gamestop to shift away from selling games
KKK Leader Caught With a Black Male Prostitute
L.A. woman gets $15,000 worth of surgery to look better in her selfies
Selfie ith Will Smiths Look Alike
Minneapolis Changes "Columbus Day" To "Indigenous People's Day"
Will Smith Lookalike Washes Windows In Vancouver
BREAKING: There are 70,000 pounds of Little Debbie cakes on the interstate
Driver that struck teen suing dead boy's family
Life sentence for mum who killed four-year-old son for 'talking gay'
Moose puts schools in lockdown
New Hampshire politician steps aside after running over five ducks
Middle School Teacher Gives Lap Dance In Front Of Class
Accused KKK Killer Was Once Caught Having Sex With a Black Male Hooker
French woman named Alic Aïda put on no-fly
Dayton officer braves dogs to save unconscious man
There's hidden beauty in abandoned World Of Warcraft cities
Chinese families take Malaysia Airlines staff captive at hotel
Taco Bell To Launch 1st Upscale 'U.S. Taco' Location In Huntington Beach
Woman posts about 'Happy' song on Facebook seconds before fatal Business 85 crash
Iraqi Militants Stage Political Rally, Then Bombs Go Off
In SKorean Ferry Disaster Segment, Fox News Shows Wrong Asian People
L.A. Clippers Owner to GF: Don't Bring Black People to My Games...Including Magic Johnson
Clippers Owner Donald Sterling to GF -- Don't Bring Black People To My Games...Including Magic Johnson
Driver hits and kills boy sues his family for emotional distress.
Three years into civil war, Syria seeks investment in tourism
Police: Aunt Shoots Niece Dead Hours After Wedding, Over Argument About Who's Driving Home
Virginia Christians Starve Themselves Over Gay Marriage
N Korea detains US tourist who demanded asylum
U.S. Military Expert Unveils a Strategy for Deploying Godzilla in War
Australian mistook cockpit for toilet, triggering hijack scare
Women spends $15,000 on plastic surgery to look better in selfies
Pot-smoking parents explain the rules of getting high at home around the kids
Woman who struck cyclists, killing one, now suing them for stress she's suffered
Toilet mix-up triggered Australian plane hijack scare
'Bring children to pee in Hong Kong': Mainland Chinese start campaign after public urination clash
The Taliban Has No Clue to Whom It Should Return a Captive US Soldier
Apple's New iPhone Ad Features a Song About a Giant Penis
Bali Hijacking Scare: Australian Passenger Claims He Thought Virgin Plane Cockpit Door Was Toilet
Clippers owner Donald Sterling doesn't want black people at his games
IKEA To Fight Global Warming With Swedish Meatballs
Woman Dies in Car Crash While Posting How Happy "Happy" Makes Her
Thief steals pricey electric bike, then accidentally calls owner for help on how to recharge it
Rapper Tyga Could Face Charges for Pet Tiger
John Paul II crucifix kills man in northern Italy
Triana Lavey, of Los Angeles, Gets $15K in Plastic Surgery to Improve Her 'Selfies'
Report: Clippers owner Donald Sterling told girlfriend not to bring black people to game
Playground pot trade lands fourth-graders in hot water
Driver that struck teen suing dead boy's family | Canada | News | Calgary Sun
Tokyo Sexwale accused of trying to blackmail wife over hardcore porn
Homophobic And Racist Shooting Suspect Once Arrested For Having Sex With Black Transgender Prostitute
Aldine ISD teacher charged after giving student a lap dance in front of the entire class Read more: http://www.myfoxdc.com/story/25340680/aldine-isd-teacher-charged-after-giving-student-a-lap-dance-in-front-of-the-entire-class#ixzz300uoBDQW
The Canadian Government's 'Secure' Phones Come Straight from the NSA
Aldine ISD teacher charged after giving student a lap dance in front of the entire class
French woman named Alic Aïda put on no-fly list
DO MUSLIMS AND HOMOSEXUALS WANT TO DESTROY CHRISTIAN CIVILIZATION? THEODORE SHOEBAT THINKS SO!
Texas teacher gave 15-year-old student lap dance in front of class Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/crime/texas-teacher-gave-boy-lap-dance-police-article-1.1768909#ixzz3019n2r2w
Twitter alerts could now have a smell, thanks to Sensabubble
Diggers ready to unearth Atari's E.T. games
Driver Who Fatally Injured Teen Now Suing Dead Teen's Family
Thief who stole £2,500 electric bike rang the owner to buy a charger for it
Ugandan preacher who demanded anti-gay law could be charged under anti-gay law
Driver suing the teenage boy she struck and killed for 'emotional trauma'
Reviewers will find more spelling errors in your writing if they think you're black
Driver sues estate of Ontario teen she struck, killed
McDonald's Canada CEO fired, replaced by temporary foreign worker.
Driver of SUV that hit cyclists suing dead teen's family. " Her enjoyment of life has been and will be lessened"
McDonald's and Taco Bell rebrand for a hip, upscale audience that doesn't eat at McDonald's and
Rob Ford turns down lunch invite from Iron Sheik
Red tape, 'tattoo-aversion' snarls government hiring of cybersecurity experts
State Dept Launches 'Free the Press' Campaign While DOJ Asks Supreme Court to Force Reporter James Risen Into Jail
Construction workers unearth legendary cache of Atari games in New Mexico desert
NAACP honored Donald Sterling with a Lifetime Achievement Award in 2009
Spanish motorcyclist stops traffic on busy highway to look for false teeth after sneezing
'Osama Bin Laden' themed bars popular in Brazil
Navy lacrosse player charged with butter-knife assault
Steve Jobs Disliked Someone Else Being Named Steve, So He Renamed Him 'Margaret'
Atari's Trashed 'E.T.' Games Unearthed After 30 Years
Ontario driver who struck teen suing dead boy and his family
Women are MORE likely to cheat on men with larger penises, new study claims
E.T.'s Home Is Found: Trove Of Atari Games Unearthed At Landfill : The Two-Way : NPR
The Mythical Atari E.T. Dump was not a myth
Clippers owner Donald Sterling to receive Lifetime Achievement Award from NAACP
Clippers Owner Donald Sterling Recorded Telling Girlfriend Don't Bring Black People to My Games Including Magic Johnson
NBA investigating if Clippers owner Donald Sterling made racist comments
Los Angeles NAACP set to give Clippers owner Donald Sterling the Lifetime Achievement Award
Donald Sterling is scheduled to receive a lifetime achievement award from the NAACP on May 15 - his second such award
Donald Sterling To Receive NAACP Lifetime Achievement Award
Greeks are officially too white and privileged to throw a fiesta.
The debate team assigned with arguing that it's about a big dick would probably be pretty excited about their odds of winning the debate.
Woman Fatally Shot While Returning From Anti-Violence Fundraiser
NAACP To Honor Noted Racist Donald Sterling (Again)
Supreme Court Calls Lying by Politicians an Expression of Their Religion : The New Yorker
E.T. Found In New Mexico Landfill
KKK Leader Caught With a Black Male Prostitute -- NYMag
South Carolina Bill Wants to Apply 'Stand Your Ground' Law to Fetuses
Man Wants Murder Tattoo Removed Before Murder Trial
Bacon Fest disappoints some with lack of bacon
Notorious KKK Leader Frazier Glenn Miller Was Once Caught Doing 'Rather Salacious' Things With a Black Male Prostitute
Scientists create world's tiniest 3-D glasses to show bugs 3-D movies
Mr Manchester United: Bulgarian man wins 15-year legal battle to change his name
South Korea Prime Minister Resigns Over Sewol Ferry Disaster
Bacon festival runs out of bacon.
Falcon hatched last year in Fargo courts older female atop UND water tower
Police let off man 'caught having sex with puppy'
1 hurt in fall from horse
Justin Bieber Visits Japan's Yasukuni War Shrine.
Berlusconi says Germans deny concentration camps existed
Russia questions NATO military buildup near border (x-post /r/ukrainianconflict)
Spotify removes an album of silence from streaming site
AirTHC Lets Colorado Tourists Book Weed-Friendly Rentals
Colorado homeowners offering tourists pot-friendly lodgings via airTHC
Kindergarten show canceled so kids can keep studying to become 'college and career ready.'
Russia complains of large Ukraine troop buildup in east
Donald Sterling (LA Clippers own) to Receive NAACP Achievement Award
I Was a Dark-Skinned South Asian -- Now I'm White
NBA Owner Under Fire For Racist Comments
How cockfighting became an issue in the Kentucky Senate race.
Toronto police officers can no longer accost you for no reason
WTF? Skype Quietly Removes "Offensive" Emoticons
Fries With That Cat? Singapore Braces for a Kitty Riot at McDonald's
I don't want my kids sitting next to a man on a plane
Clippers Owner: Don't Bring Black People To My Games
KKK leader caught having gay sex with black prostitute
Woman Runs Kids Over With SUV, Sues Victims for $1.35 Millon in Damages
Buffalo Bills Owe Millions Over 3 Text Messages
Donald Sterling scheduled to receive NAACP award
Man wants 'murder' tattoo removed before his murder trial
Driver sues boy she struck and killed
Dartmouth College Has Banned White People From Using The Word 'Fiesta'
Oregon officials: Power plant will stop burning aborted babies from Canada
Drunk driver arrested by cops creating a roadblock for a drunk driving wreck caused by cops creating a roadblock for drunk driving wreck.
Parent calls cops on teen for giving books away at a book giveaway
Canadian Female Motorist Who Killed Teen Bike Rider Suing His Estate
Middle School Teacher Accused Of Giving Lap Dance To Student In Front Of Class
Kindergarten show canceled so kids can keep studying to become 'college and career ready.' Really.
Biker looks for false teeth on busy Spain highway after sneeze
Woman denied acces to US territory because her full name is "Alic Aida"
MI6 replaces al-Qaeda bomb instructions with cupcake recipes
North Korea labels South's president as 'crafty prostitute' after Obama visit
MI6 Hacked Al Qaeda Website, Swapping Bomb Recipes With Cupcake Recipes
Dog called for jury duty in US
Illinois is the worst place to live, say people who live in Illinois
Lawrence Lessig learns there are no laws on his son's Minecraft server
Facebook Is Getting Even Creepier, Now Lets You Know When Your Friends Are Near You
French Woman With Name Sounding Like Al-Qaeda Placed on US No-Fly List
Sarah Palin: 'Waterboarding is how we'd baptize terrorists' in her administration
Willie Nelson to receive fifth-degree black belt day before turning 81
Chinese Teen's Inspiring Essay on Instant Ramen Got Him Into the University of Rochester
Woman, Sharlene Simon, Suing Boy, Brandon Majewski, Who She Knocked Over And Killed
Woman who struck and killed teen on bike suing his family for $1.2 million
Phallic skate park causes stir after being spotted on Google Maps
In The Beginning: 5 Photos that Prove JPII was the World's Biggest Hipster
NAACP No Longer Giving Award to Donald Sterling
The Brazilian bar where you can buy a beer from Osama bin Laden
NAACP: Donald Sterling won't receive lifetime achievement award
GOP Rep. Michael Grimm Decides Climate Change Is Real After Actually Looking At Research
Canadian driver sues family of teen she killed, blaming him for accident
Is the DOJ Forcing Banks to Terminate the Accounts of Porn Stars?
Tourist mistakes Richard Gere for beggar, gives him cold pizza
Donald Sterling was supposed to receive a lifetime achievement award from the Los Angeles chapter of the NAACP in one month.
Plane hits man on riding lawnmower
Australian who sparked hijack alert on plane 'mistook cockpit for toilet'
Tourist mistakes Richard Gere for beggar, gives him pizza
Driver who killed teen is suing dead boy's family for $1 million
NAACP no longer giving award to Sterlind
New Vulnerability Found in Every Single Version of Internet Explorer
Aldine Middle School teacher charged after giving student a lap dance in front of the entire class
Time to Pull the Plug on the United Vegetables of America, Say Doctors | by Dylan Bleier | via LibertarianLiberal.com
Racist Fan Throws Banana At Black Football Player. Player Eats It.
Police chief uses vacation day to stand in a beggar's spot, holds up sign telling people not to give to beggars.
NAACP no longer giving award to Sterling
Diggers find Atari's E.T. games in landfill
CHIMP TAKES CAPTORS TO COURT
Mysterious robotic plane hits 500 days in space; what's it doing?
Donald Sterling to receive lifetime achievement award from NAACP.
(ET) Atari cartridges found in New Mexico landfill, dubbed the worst game in video history
Florida bank robber leaves note with name on it.
People in New York State Might Soon Be Free to Carry as Many Condoms as They Want
NRA offers children free membership amid 'Youth Day' gun activities
Woman Gives 'Hobo' Richard Gere Leftover Pizza
Short sex is pretty normal, it turns out
Dani Alves eats banana in response to racist taunt
Atheist Lieutenant Annoys Entire Platoon Into Christianity
McDonald's and Taco Bell rebrand for a hip, upscale audience that doesn't eat at McDonald's and Taco Bell
Volunteer firefighter commits arson so he can respond to the fires to put them out
Jedi prisoners: Four to sue UK Prison Service for not recognising Jedi faith
Sarah Palin tells NRA attendees: 'Waterboarding is how we baptize terrorists'
French mother revealed as tourist who gave 'homeless' Richard Gere leftover pizza
Woman hits/kills boy with vehicle. Now suing dead boy for mental anguish.
Kerry warns if peace talks fail, Israel may become apartheid state
Bill would require Florida craft brewers to sell beer to distributors, then buy it back for resale
MIT, Harvard scientists accidentally create real-life lightsaber
U.S. Solar Capacity up 418% Since 2010, Koch Bros Demand Tax on Sun
The Larger Your Penis, The More Likely Your Wife Will Cheat Says New Study
NAACP drops plan to honor Donald Sterling amid recording controversy
'Eat The Poo-Poo' Anti-Gay Pastor In Hot Water For Ironic Reason
Leaking fluid from corpse pits condo owner against insurance provider
15 labs used doc's signature even after he was arrested
Kidnapped boy set free, drives abductor crazy by repeatedly singing gospel song
Saddam lookalike attacked by gang who tried to kidnap him and force him to impersonate the dictator in porn film
Chase Bank is canceling sex workers' business accounts
Chase Bank Slams the Door on More Porn Stars
Man robbed of lawn mower while riding it
Man drove drunk to Sheriff's Office
Can twerking revive classical music?
Triple killer wins £800 for broken nose-clipper and lost fruit juice.
Machine-gun triple killer wins £800 after nose hair clippers are broken in jail and cranberry juice goes missing.
Triple killer given £800 payout for broken nose trimmers and missing juice.
Is Sitting For Long Hours At Work The New Smoking?
Suspect in Stabbing at Connecticut School Is Described as Popular
Minister urges boycott of Ben and Jerry's over save-the-reef campaign
Queensland Government urges boycott of Ben & Jerry's ice cream over WWF 'propaganda' on Great Barrier Reef
The tourist who gave 'hobo' Richard Gere pizza
Richard Gere Mistaken For Tramp By Tourist
Dog owner faces jail for allegedly registering rottweiler to vote
Microsoft warns of Internet Explorer flaw
Ku Klux Klan leader caught having gay sex with black prostitute
Congress returns to work to do the bare minimum
Kindergarten show cancelled so kids can study to be 'college ready'
Desert dig uncovers huge Atari games dump
Virginia Christians prepare for 40-day hunger strike against same-sex marriage
Religious right group planning 40 day hunger strike to protest same-sex marriage
School kindergarten play cancelled in order to get kids prepared for college
Man Photoshops Himself Into Girlfriend's Childhood Photos
City Misplaces 851 Million Gallons of Water
Egyptian court sentences 683 people to death
Cops Claim Teen Shot Himself in the Head While Handcuffed in Back Seat of Patrol Car
Trump Thinks Sterling 'Got Set Up by a Very, Very Bad Girlfriend'
SkyMall, Catalog of Offbeat Products, Not Doing So Well
Atari's ET Videogame Graveyard Dug Up In New Mexico Desert
A Bunch of AOL Accounts Have Been Hacked
Potato-wielding bandit successfully robs business of its counterfeit $20 bill | Odd News
Obamacare's Poll Numbers Improve In Republican Districts
Paul Simon and Edie Brickell Arrested and Charged With Disorderly Conduct
MD Judge Rules County Can Ignore Bargaining Agreement, Quotes 'House of Cards' in Defense
Palin Says Waterboarding is how we baptize terrorists
Fox's Howard Kurtz Slams Fox's Coverage Of Cliven Bundy
Mormon Leaders Omit 'Gay' In Survey Asking Students 'What Is Your Sexual Orientation?'
Palin: 'Waterboarding is how we baptize terrorists'
UKIP's "Common Sense" bus crashes into Portsmouth Station
Socialite Attends Her Own Wake With a Cigarette In One Hand and a Champagne Flute In The Other
Policeman jailed for 12 weeks for stealing two pens in a sting operation.
Sarah Palin Out-Palins Herself at NRA Convention: 'Waterboarding Is How We Baptize Terrorists'
Driver Who Killed Teen is Suing The Victim
Woman stuck after 2 years on the toilet
Woman Who Hit and Killed Teen Suing Dead Kid's Family for $1 Million Claiming 'Emotional Trauma' (Video)
Space-Starved Parents Move Their Babies Into Bathrooms
Pregnant Woman Claims Gym Asked Her To Leave Because Of Her Baby Bump
Is It OK to Invest in a Company if Its CEO Beats Women?
Ed Balls distances himself from Ed Balls Day by refusing to tweet 'Ed Balls'
Ed Balls Day live: Updates as Twitter celebrates the third anniversary of Ed Balls tweeting his own name
Ed Balls gives in to pressure and retweets his name on Ed Balls Day
Depressed Panda Cheered Up With TV
Possible Food Poisoning Sickens 100 at Safety Summit
Ukranian War Dolphins to Switch Nationalities, Join Russia
Bisexual women: Stop thinking of us as greedy whores
Knicks great calls for all-black league amid Clippers race fiasco
Supreme Court to decide if law forbidding destruction of financial records applies to fish
One Man's Quest to Create the Best Blowjob-Simulating Machine of All Time
[SFW] Pornhub Gives America Wood: A Campaign by Pornhub to Plant a Tree for Every 100 Videos You Watch
Random online match helps man lose nearly 400 pounds
Runaway beer blimp loose over New Brunswick
Pornhub Gives America Wood This Arbor Day
Bill O'Reilly Blames Beyoncé for Everything
Woman files taxes from 'Kingdom of Heaven,' charges say
Very Concerned Person Calls Cops Over Giveaway of Banned Book
Woman kills teenage cyclist, then sues him for emotional distress
Cliven Bundy: I'm Just Like Rosa Parks
Woman Dies in Car Crash While Posting to Facebook About Pharrell's Song 'Happy'
Police: Man 'Armed' with Potato Arrested
UK Right Wing Party's 'Common Sense' Bus Collides With Railway Station
Male Scent May Compromise Biomedical Research
Toilet paper mountain, chain-smoking caused deadly Quebec City fire: Coroner
Don't use Internet Explorer, warns US government
Barack Obama denies 13-year-old girl's request for a selfie
Woman Posts About "Happy" Song on Facebook Moments Before Fatal Crash
Saudi Foreign Exchange Student in Virginia Caught Fleeing Country After Raping Autistic 17-Year-Old
Parents call cops on teen for giving away banned book; it backfires predictably
Cop's wife kills bicyclist, then sues him for 'emotional distress'
Parks Canada Planning to Offer Wi-Fi in the Wilderness
Rubik's Cube finally solved after 26 years by avid fan
Rogue beer blimp on the loose over New Brunswick
More Than 100 People May Have Gotten Food Poisoning At A Food Safety Conference
Food poisoning hits Food Safety Summit attendees
Bob Schieffer: Romney may consider 2016 run if Jeb Bush doesn't
Dilapidated Cottage Selling for $355k Requires a Signed Waiver Just to Enter the Property.
Beer blimp on the loose in New Brunswick
Japanese Cafe Lets Solo Diners Eat With Stuffed Animals
How Can I Make This News Linking Selfies and Narcissism About Me?
United States President Barack Obama Bows to Japanese Robot
Siesta Key man charged with rental fraud after throwing urine on code inspector
School Cancels Kindergarten Show to Instead Prepare Kids for College
Woman Sues Dead Boy & His Parents After She Accidentally Killed Him
North Korea Issues Sexist Tirade Against South Korean Leader
"Jesus Not Coming Back By The Looks Of It" Admits Vatican Cardinal
Update: More Than 100 Illnesses Reported After Food Safety Summit
Obama Greeted in Philippines with Beverly Hills Cop Theme Song
Male Researchers Stress Out Lab Rodents
Anti-violence activist fatally shot upon leaving event
The Atari E.T. Game Land Fill Legend
Pornhub is planting a tree for every 100 videos you watch
Pornhub Vows to Plant a Tree for Every 100 Videos You Watch
Cliven Bundy Says He's 'Just Like Rosa Parks'
Ku Klux Klan Leader Busted Having Sex With Black Male Prostitute
Environment Minister urges boycott of Ben and Jerry's over their Save the Great Barrier Reef campaign
Syria's Assad to seek re-election in June vote
United Church Of Christ Files Lawsuit Challenging N.C. Same-Sex Marriage Ban
Cuyahoga County Recorder's Office Employee Confused About What a Photocopier Is
Fire department cancels fire drill due to fire hazard
Police Arrest Potato Weilding Man
Carmakers lure Chinese buyers with cars that provide refuge from smog
Driver who killed teen now suing dead boy's family
Mayor of Palestine, Texas dressed up as a chicken during a disaster drill centered around bird flu and handed out free booze during the press conference. "This bird crap's incurable and we're all probably infected anyway, so we might as well have some fun while we can."
Life at The Bundy Ranch, Uncensored - Live From Bunkerville! Welfare negroes, the United Nations, sexually devious lawyers, satan, a Chinese solar farm, microchips, secret-agent NPS, and more!
Woman dies driving while posting on Facebook about Pharrell's 'Happy'
'Gay' not an option in Mormon survey on sexual orientation
Right-Wing UK party's 'Common Sense' tour bus collides with bridge.
Saudi Arabia criticises Norway over human rights record
Woman sues family of boy she killed in car accident
Newfoundlanders fear rotting whale carcasses could soon explode
Here's What You Need To Know About The Ground-Up Insects Starbucks Puts In Your Frappuccino Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/how-cochineal-insects-color-your-food-and-drinks-2012-3?op=1#ixzz30HJvMj1G
Here's What You Need To Know About The Ground-Up Insects Starbucks Puts In Your Frappuccino
Country Pioneer Willie Nelson Earns 5th Degree Black Belt
Calling girls 'fat' may result in weight gain
Pakistani Says He Killed 3, Using Gay Site to Lure Them
Fabled jewelry thief Doris Payne, 83, pleads guilty to another diamond theft
Pakistan PM's house has gas cut off over unpaid bills
Possible food poisoning sickens 100 attending food-safety meeting
For female re-enactors in Gettysburg, Civil War is still discriminatory
Judge Goes Easy on Drug Offender Named Cocaine
Pakistan cuts prime minister's electricity for not paying bills
Priest asks Pope to waive his celibacy vow
Homophobic Ku Klux Klan leader arrested for having sex with cross-dressing black male prostitute
After chase driver tells cops: I didn't think I had to stop
Student attempts back flip at graduation ceremony, fails hard and faceplants
Saudi Arabia slams Norway on human rights
Pakistan: PM's gas connection cut over unpaid bills
Truck runs over sunbathing reality star's head
Police: Man pelted girlfriend with hardboiled eggs during argument at Easter decorating party
Dr. Seuss book Hop on Pop does not encourage 'violence against fathers,' libary says in rejecting ban request
North Carolina's Gay-Marriage Ban Is Challenged by Church
Police: More Dangerous Kid Criminals On The Streets
Kanye Plans "Groundbreaking" Three-Hour Spoken Word Album
United Church Of Christ Challenges North Carolina Ban On Gay Marriage : The Two-Way : NPR
Patron tries to get Dr. Seuss book 'Hop on Pop' banned from Toronto libraries
Grandpa Calls 911 To Report His "Lazy" Grandson
Trio of Oregon women arrested for twerking outside city hall in Beaverton
Goal light blimp breaks free of tether, on loose in Canada
Female bikers banned from selling cupcakes at shooting range
Scientists created the world's smallest 3-D glasses - for a praying mantis!
New restaurant to sell $2000 per person meal
Trampoline to Space? Russian Official Tells NASA to Take a Flying Leap
Neighbor's Exploding Corpse Leaves Woman With A Cleanup Bill State Farm Won't Cover
Spanish govt to face court after top policing award given to the Virgin Mary
Keytar Bear attacked on the streets of Boston
2 Denver deaths tied to recreational marijuana use
The race to be Toronto's first cat cafe is on
Marshfield's 32 year long ban on arcade games has ended (x-post from r/Boston)
Lab Mice Stressed Out By Men, But Not Women, Study Finds
Meridian police show up to free book giveaway
Boehner Tells Lawmakers He Was Just Ribbing Them
Canada fishing community fears exploding whale
OK to Sell Widow's Home Over $6 Bill, Judge Rules
Judge says it was OK to sell widow's home over $6 bill
Air Force cameraman gets 2 years for lewd acts at Bible camp
"Violent" Dr. Seuss book should be banned from library, patron says
Saudi Arabia and Russia blast Norway's human rights record. Wait. What?
One scientist claims we can protect parts of the central USA from ferocious tornadoes by building several gigantic walls across Tornado Alley.
PD: Woman fakes kidnapping, shows up to collect ransom
Food poisoning sickens 100 at food safety summit.
14 Things You Should Never Say to a Sorority Girl
One scientist thinks we can protect parts of the central USA from ferocious tornadoes by building several gigantic walls across Tornado Alley:
More Than 100 Sickened After Food Safety Summit
Evil Elmo said to launch anti-Semitic rant on Muni
Dead blue whale 'might explode' in Newfoundland town
Three students hit in pellet gun shooting at Santa Rosa school
Massachusetts town Lifts Footloose-Like Ban on Coin-Op Video Games
Drunk Driver Plows Into Marathon for Alcohol Abuse Awareness
Man named Donald Popadick arrested for exposing himself in public.
Watch woman admit 'sex with ghost' was "really, really pleasurable" on This Morning
Naked Man Chases Naked Kids in Houston Park
Hacker taps into baby monitor, shouts at sleeping infant
Eating Chicken on the Bone Makes Kids More Aggressive, Study Shows
Polish prosecutor: 'Auschwitz' football chants are not anti-Semitic
AFA: Shops who display 'We Don't Discriminate' stickers are bullying Christians
62-year-old arrested, accused of exposing himself at Mooney's Bay: Donald Popadick charged with performing an indecent act and mischief
Colorado Symphony Orchestra partnering with cannabis industry for 'BYOC' concert series
Woman posts about 'Happy' song on Facebook before dying in car crash
Ottawa Police arrest Donald Popadick for indecent exposure in public park
Grinch wants Dr. Seuss book banned from the Toronto Public Library - Toronto
Bloated whale carcass threatens small Canadian town
It's hard out here for a male belly dancer
Oklahoma Inmate Dies After Execution Is Botched
BrewDog apologises for 'not giving a sh*t' about breaking marketing code
Oklahoma inmate dies after apparent botched execution
Oklahoma execution botched; inmate still dies, second execution delayed
Hikers to wear green hats if 'open to romance'
Oklahoma inmate dies after botched execution, state halts second execution
Oklahoma killer dies after botched execution
National Food Safety Conference Stricken By-You Guessed It-Food Poisoning
Woman Arrested On Bestiality Charges After Looking For Horse On Craigslist
Inmate dies after execution fails
Food poisoning fells more than 100 at Maryland food safety summit
Weird Canadian Family Gives Up On Pretending Like It's 1986
UW to host first feminist biology post-doc program in nation
Russia suggests new way for U.S. to reach its space station: A trampoline
Obama temporarily barred from Air Force One due to durian-breath
Kansas City Jewish Center Shooting: KKK Leader Frazier Glenn Miller Once Caught Having Sex with Black Male Prostitute
Pornhub celebrates Arbor Day by 'giving America wood'
Women Rape Men A Lot More Than You Think [Study]
Twerking 86-year old grandma 'Baddie Winkle' is an internet star
Ottawa man named 'Popadick' arrested for indecent exposure
3 Women Are Arrested for Twerking, Publicly and Urinating in a Municipal Court Parking Lot whilst Possessing Drugs
Serial child molester flicked over 2,000 phones to feed cocaine habit
This Is How Racist Your Air Is
Man Lets Elderly Woman Stuck In Elevator Sit On Him In Kind Act Of Chair-ity
B.C. Pets Have Most Marijuana-Related Health Claims: Company
'A Brony Tale' gives grown men who like 'My Little Pony' a chance to explain why
Snobby staff can boost luxury store sales, study finds.
Knicks' Larry Johnson calls for all-black basketball league
Former Knicks' great responds to NBA race scandal with call for black-only league
Oklahoma inmate dies after 'botched' lethal injection
Time ticks down for Newfoundland town searching for solution before whale explodes
Piracy sites are 'rife with scams'
Spanish government to face court after policing award given to the Virgin Mary
City Confiscates Man's Electronics Because He Won't Stop Blasting Celine Dion Song
Man due to appear in court charged in connection with Leinster House incident involving 'sword and three knives'
Gardaí [Irish police] propose detaining drunk people - until they've sobered
Turkish Journalist Sentenced To 10 Months In Jail For Tweeting The Letter 'K'
Pop-Tart gun: Josh Welch's personal record may or may not be cleared
Mennonite ties to Mexican drug cartels years in the making
Man attempts to rob bank, leaves his name, unsurprisingly gets identified
Dumb bank robber leaves note with his name
Senator Calls 50 Cent A 'Singing Group'
Thieves steal everything from Wichita business--including kitchen sink
U.S. Should Send Astronauts To Space Station By Trampoline: Russian Official
'Gun enthusiasts' stalk and threaten CEO after she develops weapon only owner can fire
Jack Welch: 'Corporations Sweat. They Cry. They Bleed.'
Polish fan set on fire after police douse flare with pepper spray
Paul Krugman to be paid $225k to give a speech about income inequality in NYC
Clippers Feel Sorry For Sterling's Wife, Allow Her To Attend Game
US astronauts should use trampolines to get into space, Russian official says
Narendra Modi accused of breaking India's election rules by taking selfie
Ottawa police arrest Donald Popadick after flashing incident in park
Japanese call American Godzilla fat and out of shape
Talladega infield to get even wilder with BBQ sauce wrestling - NASCAR
Saudi Arabia slams Norway's human rights record
Heisman Trophy winner Jameis Winston cited for shoplifting crab legs at Publix
What a Toilet Hoax Can Tell Us About the Future of Surveillance.
Los Angeles NAACP Cancels Donald Sterling's Lifetime Achievement Award
Librarians pressed to ban Dr. Seuss 'Hop on Pop' for violent undertones
Driver who struck teen suing dead youth
Malcolm In The Middle's Frankie Muniz wants to buy the Los Angeles Clippers
City doesn't know where 851 million gallons of missing water went
Amy's Baking Company To Re-Open May 21, Hires Damage-Control Publicist
Colorado symphony strikes high note in cannabis-friendly concert
Nurses Are Not Doctors
Glenn Beck: Hillary Clinton Will Have Sex With A Woman On White House Desk To Get Elected
Could whales explode in Canadian towns? - CNN
Danforth murder victims shot each other: Police
Colorado's problem: when cooking with marijuana, how much is too much?
Women Arrested for Twerking at Court House
Death Row Inmate Dies After Botched Execution
Boy uses gospel music to escape kidnapper
Cash Store runs out of money
2 men died trying to shoot each other, police say
Man Named Popadick Fulfills Surname Destiny in Public Park
Canadian town needs to move blue whale carcass before it explodes
Could whales explode in Canadian towns?
Florida State's Jameis Winston Suspended for Theft of Crab Legs
Med school student auctioning off virginity
Obama: TPP critics have a "lack of knowledge of what is going on in the negotiations"
Oklahoma inmate dies after botched execution
Lab Rats May Be Stressed By Men, Which May Skew Experiments
Prisoner Wants $2 Billion from Jay Z, Beyonce, Kanye West, Rihanna, Chris Brown for Using Satellites to Steal His Songs
James Franco Is Opening A Gallery Of Naked Seth Rogen Paintings
Hollywood wants to defeat Netflix with a pay by the inch scheme
Radicals fight over a Karl Marx copyright
Glenn Beck: Hillary Clinton Would Have Sex With a Woman on the White House Desk for Popularity
Porn channels boost their Canadian content to meet CRTC guidelines
Donald Sterling also receives lifetime ban from Nevada's Bunny Ranch brothel
Study reveals why trailer parks seem to always be in the path of tornadoes
American man loses almost 400lbs in just over a year with help from UK friend he met randomly on game app
2 Men Robbed of Cash, Chicken and Beer
Man arrested for dumping 30 dead cattle in lake
Woman sues Live Nation after 1000 splinters get stuck in her bottom at Engelbert Humperdinck gig
Of Course the Ousted President of Ukraine Commissioned a Nude Portrait of Himself
Ottawa man named Popadick charged with flashing
Mexican drug cartel behind lime shortage in U.S.; margaritas feel pinch
Saudis criticize Norway's human rights record
Judge OKs decision to sell widow's home over $6.30 debt
Paul Ryan Won't Let Poor People Testify At Hearing About Poverty
Wesleyan University Students Demand Frats Admit Women or Leave Campus
Man Found Dead Inside an Industrial Fortune Cookie Dough Mixer
Judge OKs Sale of Widow's House Over $6.30 in Unpaid Interest
Classical Grass: Colorado Symphony Orchestra Teams With Weed Industry
Syria Announces Assad's Bid for Re-election as War Rages
Alabama Student Senate Votes To Allow Ban Of Black People From Certain Sororities
A Whale Of A Problem: Town Faces Threat Of Exploding Carcass : The Two-Way : NPR
3 whale explosions may occur on the beaches of a Newfoundland village... all in the same month.
Chance the Rapper Is Lonely on His New Song "I Am Very Very Lonely"
Bob Hoskins Was 'X-Men' Writer's First Choice for Wolverine
100 Sickened at Food-Safety Conference by their own food.
Man attacked by squirrel for taking a selfie
Ex-lawmaker who fought child porn bragged about molestation: '12 is about as old as i can handle'
The Turn Up Is Real, NYC Nightclubs Open Their Doors To Children
History Greenlights 10 Episodes of 'Pawn Stars' Game Show Spin-Off 'Pawnography'
Death by Ketchup: Six Workers at this Food Processing Plant Drowned in a Giant Vat of Ketchup
Japanese fans say new American Godzilla is too fat
Mysterious Blue UFO Spotted Flying Over The Netherlands
Bank of America Pleads "We're Idiots, not Crooks!"
Morrissey has been 'brainwashed' says Canada's fisheries minister
Colorado Symphony Orchestra announce 'bring your own cannabis' concerts
Dogs licking poisonous toads to get high
FedEx Gunman Wasn't Enthusiastic About Job
America's First Cat Café Opens Today (Thankfully There Are Already Pictures)
Clippers Owner Donald Sterling Has Negrophobia, Is Not A Racist
Developer Hank Wilton downsizes to 6,200-square-foot home
Terry crews eyed as new host of who wants to be a millionaire
Prisoner Sues Jay Z, Beyonce, Kanye West And Other Stars For $2.4 Billion
Police 'disappointed' to find heroin surprise in Kinder Egg
Voice of Russia Accuses Ukrainian PM of Being Mind-Controlled by Scientology
Time Warner Cable: Our network 'works just as well' as Google Fiber
Kanye West Challenges Anderson Silva To MMA Fight
How Women Can Make Church a Safe Place for Men
Judge rethinks sentencing rapist to volunteer at rape crisis center
Beached dead whale stinks up town in Newfoundland
Obama Admin Includes Unborn Children in Child Abuse Report, Doesn't Regard Abortion as Abuse
Texas vet kept dog alive for blood transfusions months after planned euthanization, owners say
Justin Bieber enrages Rob Ford with crack about crack
Google Wants to Teach You How to Breastfeed Your Baby
Justin Bieber Asked Rob Ford If He Had Crack. The Mayor Freaked: Report
Toronto Throwdown: Justin Bieber asks Mayor Rob Ford for crack in Canadian nightclub
MSNBC's Krystal Ball: Animal Farm Actually A Parable About Greedy Capitalists
New Kenya law legalizes polygamy; women's group applauds it
Eminem is hosting a new competitive rap battle league [x-post /r/Music]
Women twerking outside courthouse arrested
Woman goes to emergency room after orgasms last more than two hours
Moomin Café offers lonely customers in Tokyo, Japan, stuffed animals to sit with during lunch
Restaurant Tries to Make Dining Alone Less Awkward by Seating Patrons with Giant Stuffed Animals
The Culture of Shut Up
Florida senator introduces 'zombie apocalypse' amendment
Rob Ford takes leave as recent drug video emerges
Beyonce Worshipper Found Dead After Sacrificing Self To Singer
Navy dolphin trainer drowns in San Diego Bay
"12 Is About As Old As I Can Handle": Former Illinois Rep Who Sponsored Child Porn Legislation Is Charged With Child Pornography Crimes
One Year Since Chewing Breakfast Bar Into Shape of a Gun, 9-Year-Old Just Hopes to Clear His Name
Boy Suspended Over Pop-Tart Gun Seeks to Clear School Record
Donald Popadick, Ottawa Man, Charged With Indecent Act
Maggots found in Whole Foods meat case, health officials say they're not moving fast enough to fix the problem
Man, 35, kisses his way through an Omaha Walgreens before licking an employee's head
60 Teens Arrested After Senior Pranksters Break Into New Jersey School, Urinate in Hallways
Pete Doherty: 'It's completely in the spirit of The Libertines to play Hyde Park for the money' | News
Pete Doherty: 'It's completely in the spirit of The Libertines to play Hyde Park for the money'
NRA Fights Bill to Save Elephants to Protect Guns With Ivory in Them
Scanner for ebook cannot tell its 'arms' from its 'anus'
Mayor Rob Ford angry with pop star Justin Bieber over joke about crack cocaine at Toronto nightclub
100 People Get Sick After Attending Food Safety Conference
MAYDAY: Larry Lessig launches a Superpac to get money out of US politics
Man Named Don Popadick Is Arrested for Flashing People in the Park
Fox smears science editor as a 'coward' after he exposes network's climate change ban
Women arrested for twerking outside court
Roseville Business Owner Sues City After Arrest For Allowing Customers To Dance
Rape Crisis Center Would Prefer Rapist Volunteer Somewhere Else
Grand Junction Female Tries to Break Into Jail
Angry beaver delays traffic, roams around Miramichi - New Brunswick (Canada)
Teens try to bake pot cookies in home ec class
Dallas Rape Crisis Center Would Prefer That Judge Not Send Rapist to Volunteer There
Jamaican patois interpreter shortage causes mistrial, leaving alleged drug smugglers in legal limbo
North Korea's Magicians set their sights abroad (x-post /r/NorthKoreaNews)
Over sixty students arrested for a senior prank involving urinating in the hallways of the high school, smearing Vaseline on doors, flipping desks and littering the school with balloons and other debris
Cliven Bundy Supporter Threatens To Rip Harry Reid's Balls Off
Boy, 2, pepper-sprayed in road rage attack
Toronto library asked to ban 'violent' Dr. Seuss book Hop on Pop
Clemson University researchers create their own RoboCop and name it Boo B. Trap.
Disabled people forced to make 88-mile trip because Norwich assessment centre is on second floor
California prisoner files $2.4 billion lawsuit alleging Beyonce, Jay Z, Kanye and others stole his lyrics
Denmark dynamited by cunning American Minecraft vandals • The Register
The latest obstacle in obstacle racing is bloody diarrhea.
Woman Dies in Freak Dishwasher Accident
Hong Kong and China face off in 'bladder war'
British police officer chases himself for 20 minutes | Daily Buzz
Troopers: High driver called cops on drunk driver
Giant pile of dirt upsetting people
Small boy mistakes Jersey City sand mandala for playground, destroys hours of work
Video: Tiny Hamsters Eating Tiny Burritos
Thief caught trying to steal charity collection box from police station
Top Military Officials Say U.S. Pot Legalization Efforts Are Harming War On Drugs
Pornhub is Planting a Tree for Every 100 Videos Watched
Duchess Of Cambridge's Sister Pippa Middleton Accused Of Using 'False Bottom' At Royal Wedding
Driver posts Facebook update before dying in head-on collision
Vladimir Putin demands Ukraine withdraw troops from troubled eastern regions
115 pounds of marijuana found in vehicle at mile marker 420 (sorry if there is a paywall, couldn't find another one)
Peckish gang of armed bike riders robs men of cash, beer and chicken in Holy Cross
Japanese fans deem the new Godzilla too fat, in continued sizeism toward giant monsters
Porn actors call for boycott of Samuel L. Jackson movies after he recommends free porn
GOP lawmaker has so, so many questions about anal sex: "Is the science really settled on this issue?"
Here's the First Look at the New Satanic Monument Being Built for Oklahoma's Statehouse
Small Massachusetts Town Lifts 32-Year Ban On Pac-Man
Porn actors call for boycott of Samuel L. Jackson movies after he recommends RedTube
Snapchat updates fap-snap sharing app ... now with more Chat
Small Town Mistakes Unity Sculpture For Giant Blue Orgy
Satanists' statue design for Oklahoma Capitol: 'Sit on the lap of Satan'
This Sculpture Looks Too Much Like A Gay Orgy, Michigan Town Says
Maryland police department will shame prostitutes by live-tweeting a sting operation
Call of Duty to be a new event at the X-Games
Hook Up Truck Hits The Street Offering Haven For Casual, Safe Sex
Man admits killing cat during 'sexual ritual' in garage
Man accused of pouring hot sauce on puppy gets year in jail
Study finds eating chicken on the bone makes children more aggressive
GOP State Lawmaker Writes Letter To Editor About Dangers Of Anal Sex
Man tries to take selfie with squirrel, gets attacked Read more: http://www.upi.com/Odd_News/2014/05/01/Man-tries-to-take-selfie-with-squirrel-gets-attacked/4341398957068/#ixzz30WA2Zb34
Man tries to take selfie with squirrel, gets attacked
Three Drunk NYPD Officers Shoot at People
Bron tries to lure 11 year old girl into his hotel room at MLP convention.
As Lime Prices Soar, Restaurants Ponder What To Do About Cinco De Mayo
Marion Barry Wants to Release a Biopic About His Life Before HBO Does
Nearly Half of New Jerseyeans want to move out of the state, poll says.
Canadian Town Politely Waits for Dead Whale to Explode
Saudi Arabia criticises Norway human rights record
Three NYPD Officers Have Drunkenly Shot at People in the Last Week
Abortion Addict Confesses 15 Procedures in 16 Years
Russia to NASA: "Try Jumping To ISS On A Trampoline."
Nasa Should 'Use Trampoline' To Launch Astronauts Says Russian Minister
Man sues hypnotist for trance-induced dance injury
More hobo than boho! Make-up free Vanessa Hudgens is a mess in sloppy mismatched outfit after workout
Sculpture to be replaced after complaints of sexual innuendo - News - The Daily Telegram - Adrian, MI
Teen Accused Of Peeing In Reservoir 'Didn't Piss In The Fucking Water'
Half-naked 'witch' runs out of power, crashes into stranger's house
Second-Grader Says School Put Him In Handcuffs For Misbehaving
Gubernatorial candidate to hand out Klan hoods
BNP Twitter gets hacked, no-one really notices
Government Auctions Off West Pennsylvania Widows Home For Owing $6 in Taxes
Police can't knock on your door and wait at front steps forever, court holds
Thousands of premature deaths could be prevented, CDC says
Squirrel goes nuts on teen taking 'selfie'
Portland Teens Deny Vine Video of Microwaving Cat Was Meant as Torture
US states may go back to electric chair and firing squads
Car thief steals another vehicle to make court date
Car Thief Steals Vehicle To Make Court Date for Auto Theft
Toronto Asked To Ban Dangerous Dr. Seuss Book For Promoting Violence
Rogersville presidential candidate aims to unite church and state
US nuclear arsenal still controlled by floppy disks
Facebook users inadvertently hack themselves while trying to hack friends
Latest SpaceX Rocket Test Successfully Goes Sideways
Portland rescues 35 million gallons of urinated-in water from destruction.
Portland Audubon: Windmills are 'giant Cuisinarts for birds'
Whale washes up in New Jersey, gets graffiti tag.
DNA testing used to uncover dog owners who don't scoop
The porn industry is calling for a boycott on Samuel L. Jackson
Sarpy County Board candidate confident he can overcome his legal, financial troubles
Federal court rules that stiff driving posture is suspicious behavior
Federal Court Finds Upright Driving, Acne Suspicious
CPS dropped rape case because woman was wearing Spanx underwear
To the Stranger Who Ruined My Son's Saturday Night
Italy: Michelangelo's David at risk from weak ankles
Pippa Middleton Accused of Wearing "False Bottom" at Royal Wedding
The Worldwide Appeal of Rotting Whale Carcass Tourism
Ex-White House Official On Benghazi: 'Dude, This Was Like Two Years Ago'
British woman's belly button explodes on plane
Order this truck to have sex in via a mobile app when you have the urge
Tenn. man wants to be President of U.S. on all Christian, all anti-gay platform
Buzz kill: ABC claims illegal drugs abounded at Lockn' music festival
Occupy Christ? White House hopeful wants state religion, gays off TV, and CEO pay cap
Five horsemen nabbed for robbery
Taking a cabbage for a walk is now a thing: Lonely Chinese teens now walking vegetables to get over their troubles
UKIP candidate: 'David Cameron is a gay loving nut case and homosexuality is an abomination' · PinkNews.co.uk
HIGH-SCHOOL TEACHER: In 16 Years Of Teaching, Nothing Has Disrupted My Classroom More Than Snapchat's New Update
Colorado begins mandatory testing of edible marijuana potency
I wandered lonely as a...cabbage? Teens take veg for walkies in latest weirdo craze
Bear Cub Brought to Washington U Campus Creates Rabies Scare
Florida Senate to consider 'zombie apocalypse' bill amendment
Sober driver arrested for OWI when deputy crashes into her car
Teens arrested for baking marijuana cookies in Home Economics class
Study reveals a way to improve chances of winning at rock-paper-scissors
This Japanese town is populated almost entirely by creepy dolls
This college professor saves money by living in a dumpster behind the women's residence halls.
Students at Spanish college fight ban on men using washing machines
Alabama's chief justice: Buddha didn't create us so First Amendment only protects Christians
Fox News Cuts Away From Obama Press Conference Because Nobody's Asking About Benghazi
Fake government busted in China
North Korea releases list of U.S. 'human rights abuses': 'The U.S. is a living hell'
Growing pet DNA industry identifies poop offenders
Woman Spends $15,000 on Plastic Surgery to Make Herself Look 'Photoshopped'
PETA asks Utah for roadside memorial for turkey deaths
GOP Guy Wants Doctors to Tell Supreme Court to Say No to Gay Marriage Because of the Butt Sex
Yankee Fan Wins $1.5M After City Wouldn't Let Him Open "Buck Foston" Bar
Globe audience faints at 'grotesquely violent' Titus Andronicus
Thieves will dress up as Flintstones as punishment on Free Comic Book Day
Congressional candidate Art Robinson renews appeal for bodily fluids
Porn Stars and Penis Cakes: The Meltdown of Germany's Neo-Nazi Party
Sleeping homeless man gets dumped into garbage truck
1500 year old bible confirms that jesus christ was not crucified
Mary Yu becomes first Asian American, first gay on State Supreme Court
Bible over 1500 years that says that Jesus was not crucified
Candidate for governor to hand out KKK hoods at GOP convention
Jaden Smith Twitter Post Sparks Debate About Sin
Rape Charges Dropped Because Victim Was Wearing Spanx
Teens Are So Lonely, They're Taking Cabbages On Leashes For Walks
Chatham Firefighters Rescue Miniature Horse From Sinkhole
Millionaires Unite to Defeat Minimum Wage
Jury fight prompts new trial for Elizabeth gang member convicted in murder, court says
Public Health Officials Link Tough Mudder Races to Getting Explosive Diarrhea
Baby Bear Will Be Spared After Biting 14 College Students
Rachel Maddow: Oregon's GOP chair wants your urine in the mail, twice a year
Pint fund for man who made obscene gesture behind Nigel Farage on live TV
Oregon GOP chairman: Please send your urine
Sterling: I wish I had just paid her off
Judge Sentences Rapist to Community Service at Rape Crisis Center
More Than 100 Sickened After Food Safety Conference
Bakersfield teen accused of passing out 'semen-filled' cupcakes at school, police investigating
Stereotypical Southern Guy Robs Stereotypical Southern Diner -- With a Pitchfork
Petting zoo bear cub bites Wash U
GOP Lawmakers Say Yes To $310 Billion For Business, But $12 Million For At-Risk Kids? Nope
Navy Captain Fired After Leading Unauthorized Whaling Expedition
Metro pothole deploys car's airbags, injures driver
Japanese Fans Think the New Godzilla is 'Fat'
The Japanese Are Fat-Shaming the New Godzilla
Texas judge orders rapist to volunteer at rape crisis center
Ben Affleck Kicked Out Of Hard Rock Casino For Counting Cards
Ben Affleck banned from blackjack table at Hard Rock after caught counting cards
Palestinian prisoners are smuggling sperm out of Israeli jails so wives can have babies
Chinas Cabbage Patch Kids - Around the World News - Austrian Times Online News
Oil Company Argues Oil Spills Are Good for the Economy
Chinese Teens Taking Cabbages for Walks To Get Over Loneliness
F. Scott Fitzgerald's stories to be reissued with sex, drugs, and dirty words put back in
Man Robs Southern Diner -- With a Pitchfork
State Supreme Court Top Justice Slams Gay Marriage, Says 1st Amendment Protects Only Christians
Creationists Hit the Panic Button After Neil DeGrasse Tyson Destroys The Myth That the Universe Is 6,000 Years Old
Police department's plan to live-tweet prostitution sting received with skepticism
The Black Israelites Think Whites Are Possessed by the Devil
Man robbed Norcross Waffle House with a pitchfork
Teenager shot by Marigny homeowner arrested in residential burglary, sources say
Satanic Temple unveils plan to bring sympathy for the devil to Oklahoma
Google Maps renames Basingstoke 'Town Centre'
Affirmative Action Has Helped White Women More Than Anyone
Oxford Students Are Worryingly Subdued As They Stay Fully Clothed For May Day
Police in Georgia searching for man accused of robbing Waffle House restaurant with pitchfork
Portland Bar Raises Drinking Age to 26 and Older
Waffle House Robbed By Man With Pitchfork
Courtney Love's Father Says His New Book Will Prove Her Involvement In Kurt Cobain's Death
Mum of five finds out her 23-year marriage is gay and illegal
Actress reports having sex with ghost
Students suspended after teacher shows pornographic image on projector
'Suspicious': Sober driver arrested for drunk driving after deputy runs stop sign and crashes into her car
Iran bans WhatsApp because of link to 'American Zionist' Mark Zuckerberg
Sweden fire turns cans of rotten fish into exploding missiles
Attorney: Crosses at Catholic University violate human rights of Muslim students
Prisoner in China's plea for help found in Saks bag
State rep who sponsored child porn bills charged with trading child porn
California Surgeon Used Human Fat to Power Car
Whale Not Expected to Explode
Alabama Chief Justice Says Freedom of Religion Should Only Apply to Christians
Study Finds That Women Aren't Run by Their Periods. Scientists Everywhere Are Confused
Chief Justice Of Alabama: First Amendment For Christians Only
Prisoner sues Jay Z and Beyoncé for stealing his lyrics via satellite
Fridge magnets 'can be a killer'
Modest Mouse Talk Grandmas, Cats in Portland
Soccer fan killed in Brazil by a flying toilet
Man accused of robbing Waffle House with pitchfork
Sex, writhes and videotape - Rodents feel less pain when men are around. For scientists, that is worrying
NYPD Baseball Team's Jerseys Stolen in Texas
Comcast and EA said to be planning streaming games service
Man Convicted of Assault on Roommate Who Drew a Penis on His Face
Parking attendant suspended after picture taken for toll-booth story
Politician suspended for hitting a 7 year old boy
5th Annual Cornhole Tournament
4 Cops Dispatched to Arrest a Girl for Jogging
Spy Plane Fries Air Traffic Control Computers, Shuts Down LAX
Expectant Father of Quintuplets Receives Shocking News in the Delivery Room: There are No Babies
Japanese fans complain local hero Godzilla too fat
Comber alleged flasher 'was only scratching itch'
Cops looking for man who robbed a Waffle House with pitchfork
Brazilian Fan Killed by Thrown Toilet in World Cup Host City
Toilet bowl hurled from stadium's stands kills Brazilian football fan
GOP candidate was once a female impersonator
Donald Sterling to 'DuJour' magazine: 'I wish I had just paid her off'
Fan in Brazil killed by toilet bowl
American Godzilla: Monster branded 'too fat' by Japanese fans
Soccer fan killed by thrown toilet bowl in Brazil
A Brazillian soccer fan attempts to throw a toilet bowl onto a field, ends up killing another fan
Toilet bowl kills Brazilian football fan
Family of Dead Armed Robber Speaks Out Against CCP Holder Who Shot Him & Calls For Stricter Gun Laws
Family: Man who shot, killed pregnant Garfield woman tweets after slaying
When Incest Is Best: Kissing Cousins Have More Kin
Animal rights group seeks Utah roadside memorial for dead turkeys.
Mad Beaver Stops Traffic In New Brunswick
Donald Waelde: Woman 'used Craigslist to find horse for sex acts'
Texas man plunges to his death following wife's refusal to engage in four-way sex
Nudist retreat has to tackle issue of too many single men making women feel uncomfortable
University tears down signs warning against cheating... after realizing they featured answers to a math exam
Fight over four-way sex cited in fatal fall
China Outlaws the Eating of Tiger Penis, Rhino Horn, and Other Endangered Animal Products
Rob Schneider Tells Chris Stigall: We Are Sliding Very Fast Towards Fascism
DEA orders more marijuana production
Brazilian soccer fan dies after being hit by toilet bowl in stadium set to host World Cup games
Anti-Gay Marriage GOP Candidate Explains His Past As A Drag Queen
Inmate dies after botched execution
Woman Kills Boyfriend By Sitting on Him, but Mia Landingham Isn't Going to Jail
Soccer fan killed by toilet at Brazilian game
GOP Candidate Opposed To Marriage Equality Once Worked As A Drag Queen
Toronto library asked to shelve Dr. Seuss' 'Hop on Pop' because it promotes violence
A page on Facebook created to support an Israeli soldier who aimed and cocked gun at Palestinian teenager receives 120,000 likes
Police Catch Woman Who Swiped Stuffed Duck From Ohio Boy's Grave
Couple Holds out Hope for Missing Bounce House
Man recruits kids to pickpocket at Chuck E. Cheese, police say
Republican: Jews Are The Problem, Cause of All The Problems in The World
Cathay Pacific union says female cabin crew's uniforms 'too sexy'
BBC News - #BBCtrending: Support for Israeli soldier who aimed gun at teen
Shirtless Man Holding Dog Asks Reporter On Date Near Wildfire
Support for Israeli soldier who aimed gun at teen
13-year-old 'too young' to be served at KFC?
Football fan killed by tossed toilet bowl
Fan Killed by Toilet at Soccer Stadium in Brazil
Beavers cause of landslide stranding hundreds of Canadians
Japanese People Annoyed At How Fat Godzilla Has Gotten
Mad beaver terrorizes Miramichi
When will Stephen King stop spoiling Twitter?
Federal Court: The Police Can Stop and Search You for Behaving Innocently
Who Knew? Cancer Has an Off Switch
HS Students Say Pledge In Arabic: 'One Nation Under Allah'
Police Arrest Captain America For Texting Teen Girl Photos Of His Penis
Girl Gives Her Bullies 'Semen-Filled' Cupcakes
First openly gay bishop announces divorce from husband
Man pronounced dead in government documents threatens immolation if not declared alive
Whale washes up in New Jersey, tagged with graffiti. X post from New Jersey.
Man trying to rob donut shop shot by police
'Fox & Friends' links Benghazi, missing Malaysia flight - and blames Obama for both
Plymouth University to take down anti-cheating posters after they were found to be helping students cheat
Sony Crams 3,700 Blu-Rays' Worth of Storage in a Single Cassette Tape
Georgia Drunk Driver Hits Police Car, Hands Cop A Beer
Fans Spend $400 to Stand An Arm's Length Away from Avril Lavigne
Facebook draws fire on 'related articles' push
IB lifted exam marking guides from Wikipedia
Tajikistan founds Central Asia's first all-female mine-clearing team
No title, quote within: "It only takes a little bit of greed to kill a child"
Man 'Gifted' With World's Longest Penis, Asked If He Will Donate It To Penis Museum...No, Seriously!
Fan killed by toilet bowl thrown from stadium stands in Brazil
Drones Are Ruining Everyone's Fun At Yosemite, Says National Park Service
Miley Cyrus could not 'come in like a wrecking ball' without serious injury, scientists conclude
Dorset knob throwing contest attracts thousands
It Sucks to Be an Avril Lavigne Fan
Naked pedestrian doing push-ups killed in North Portland.
Study: Miley Cyrus Couldn't NOT Have 'Come In Like A Wrecking Ball'.
Man With Cancer Told To Give Up Treatment and Join Work Programme To Keep Benefits
Naked Man Doing Pushups In the Middle of the Road Killed In Portland
Morrisons employs Angel of the North to sell bread
Does Winnie the Pooh have a B12 Deficiency?
Facebook twists reality again and risks ruining your children
Gang arrested following spate of drive-by eggings in Osaka.
NYC cyclist arrested for using cellphone to film cop, told iPhones are 'being used as guns'
Anti-gay GOP candidate is former drag queen Miss Mona Sinclair
Department of Defense to study bitcoin as possible terrorist threat
Miley Cyrus Kicked Out Of Derby Party After Fight With Porn Star Ron Jeremy
John Mayer Is Live-Tweeting an Earthquake in Tokyo
Soccer-Fan killed after being hit by toilet bowl in Brazil
Fan Killed By Toilet Bowl at Brazilian Soccer Game « KRON4
Hook-Up Truck is Here: A Mobile Spot for a Quickie
Hackers can make your PC explode • The Register
These are the winners of the black only national debating championship
Police: Man Robbed Waffle House With Pitchfork
Concern grows over rise of Asian Buddhist fundamentalism
Instagram asks Rihanna to please put some clothes on
Naked Oregon man doing push-ups in road struck by car, killed
2,000 Teens Attend #MansionParty, Cause $70,000 in Damage
As many as 2,000 teens attend Canadian mansion party, cause $70,000 in damage
Oregon Agency Responds to HBO Skit: 'Yes, John Oliver, We Are Stupid F*cking Idiots'
Bogus tool for hacking your Friends' Facebook account hacks you instead
Territory in thong crisis as double-pluggers out of stock
Kindergarten Play Cancelled So Students Could Prepare For College Instead
Youths sue U.S. government over climate inaction
Mansion trashed by 1500 teens after wild party
Scientists Successfully Teach Gorilla It Will Die Someday
'Stormtroopers' deliver pizzas to Star War fans in London
'Stormtroopers' deliver pizzas to Star Wars fans in London
Judge says sexually assaulted 14-year-old 'wasn't the victim she claimed to be'
A lethal irony: Are Death Row convicts dying in agony because of the well-meaning efforts of British campaigners fighting to ban executions?
Call Of Duty now sport at extreme sports event X-Games
Ben Affleck Banned From Playing Blackjack at Hard Rock Hotel In Vegas After Getting Caught Counting Cards
Morrisons employs Angel of the North to sell bread | Business
Plymouth University forced to remove anti-cheating posters 'that helped students cheat'
Christian Parents Call Cops Over Free Book Giveaway, Cops Inform Them That's Not Illegal
Uni left red faced as anti-cheating signs reveal answers to maths exam
Nancy Pelosi to GOP: Honor Cinco de Mayo by Passing Amnesty
Fox News used footage of random sad Asians instead of actual Koreans mourning the ferry
Gay South African artist found guilty of exhibitionism for tying rooster to his penis in Paris · PinkNews.co.uk
Pregnant Chicago Woman Kills Boyfriend Over Failure to Buy Gift
Marine veteran says he missed exit, hit Mexico | Nation
Man falls off golf cart, dies
Maine Progressive Group Says Wheelchair-Bound Republican Has "No Spine"
Chill-Ass Orangutan Doesn't Even Care He Got Shot In The Leg
Police: 'Stranger danger' man just trying to help
"Biggest Dick" Won't Be Saudi Ambassador.
Stacy Campfield is full of these
Kentucky Derby jockey gets crapped on mid-race, still wins
Redick: Donald Sterling 'Didn't Want To Pay Me Because I Was White'
A Woman's Will Provides Funds for Trusty Houseplant Upon Her Death
Miley Cyrus kicked out of Derby Party after fight with Ron Jeremy
Town to auction off dead whale on eBay
Crowdfunded Assassinations Raise $125 000
Coke to Remove Flame-Retardant Chemical From All Its Drinks
Teens Taking Cabbages On Leashes For Walks (UPDATED)
Libertarians Trail Meter Readers, Telling Town: Live Free or Else
Atlanta Residents Create Beyonce-Inspired Religion Called Beyism
Ex-Lawmaker and Children's Advocate Arrested After Bragging Online About Molesting 6 Year Old Girl
Want a Good Cinco de Mayo Celebration? Go To Portland, Oregon
One Direction manager brings Easter eggs and KFCs to convicted drug smugglers in Peruvian jail
Virginia proposal would limit size of gatherings at private homes
Simon Ledger arrested for 'racism' after performing Kung Fu Fighting
Passengers recall airliner's turbulent drop- "The Federal Aviation Administration will investigate."
Sperm Whale Carcass for Sale on eBay
Tossed toilet bowl kills Brazilian soccer fan
Ex-NYPD Cop Caught Spraying Anti-Semitic Grafitti Near Synagogue and Jewish School
Landmark donkey 'known all over the world' dies
GOP Candidate Pulls A Gun, Pledges To 'Unload' On Obamacare In Ad
Naked pedestrian doing push-ups in road hit and killed by car
Naked man doing push-ups in road hit by car and killed, Portland police investigating
First Grader Brings Grandma's Heroin to School
Danish government creates entire country in Minecraft, users promptly blow it up and plant American flag
Russian law bans swearing in arts and media
R.I.P. iPod: Sony unveils cassette tape that can hold 64,750,000 songs
Breakdancing Buddhist monks honor fallen Beastie Boy
Brazilian Fan Killed By Flying Toilet Bowl
Sony Crams 3,700 Blu-Rays' Worth of Storage in a Single Cassette Tape (x-post from r/technology)
Man arrested for singing 'Kung Fu Fighting' under racism law
Instagram Playboy Dan Bilzerian Threw A Porn Star Off A Roof And Nearly Killed Her
Anti-Gay Republican Outed As a Drag Queen
Powerade Is No Longer Flame Resistant
Simpsons predicted Syrian civil war
Judge tells father to stop emailing his children in all capital letters
Las Vegas Cops Host Event Linking Premarital Sex to Having Your Face Chewed Off by Meth Fiends
You Just Can't Masturbate On A Crowded Bus These Days Without Someone Filming You
'Simpsons predicted Syrian civil war' - Egyptian TV finds opposition flag in 2001 episode, claims Fox show was in on 'global conspiracy' behind Arab Spring
Caught on Cam: Man Masturbates on Crowded SEPTA Bus
Mozilla tells the FCC to grow a spine, reclassify ISPs as common carriers
'Me driving like an idiot' YouTube video leads to Florida teen's arrest
Technology law will soon be reshaped by people who don't use email
Jailed Al Jazeera Journalist Is Actually Kind of a Dick
Man killed by toilet bowl thrown from stands in another act of fan violence in Brazil
Tossed toilet bowl kills Brazilian soccer fan in World Cup host city
Puerto Rican In Your Platoon Tired Of Your Questions About Cinco De Mayo
Is exploding head syndrome the reason you can't sleep?
Justin Bieber Angers Toronto Mayor Rob Ford After Asking Him If He Has Any Crack
Syria minister sees 'prosperous tourist season' in Homs
Artist who tied rooster to penis in Paris guilty of sexual exhibitionism
California School Asked 8th Graders to Argue If The Holocaust Was Real - Superintendent Mohammad Z. Islam says it was a mistake.
Stop making fun of Christie for being fat
Jockey Accidentally Euthanized After Breaking a Leg at Kentucky Derby
Topless Woman Destroys McDonald's, Eats Ice Cream
One Direction management upset over "One erection" condoms
US Supreme Court: First Amendment is Only for Christians, Upholds State-Sponsored Prayer
Alabama Chief Justice Thinks The First Amendment Only Protects Christians
Cops: Man Wearing a Sombrero Caught 'Surfing' Commuter Train
Man arrested for singing 'Kung Fu Fighting' - World news - Europe
Official Duff Beer launched in Australia this month
Man wanted for stealing frozen chicken from restaurants
Rebel China nudists defy Communist Party ban on nakedness
Netflix Has A Boring New Logo It Doesn't Want To Talk About
Terrified passengers recall airliner's sudden, turbulent drop
Anti-Gay Marriage GOP Candidate Was Drag Queen In Early '00s
College Kid Accidentally Gets $350K Drone in the Mail
Asians outperform white students because they try harder, study finds
learn how to approach women
Family resists urban renewal project in a slum in Istanbul
Hotel worker 'mistaken for prostitute after hugging friend' in Abu Dhabi park
A Woman Named Beautiful Existence Ate Nothing But Starbucks Food for a Year
350k government drone mistakenly mailed to Massachusetts college student
Students told it's safe to come to class after 2 shootings in 2 days on campus
Earl to sell mountain to pay off tax
Morrisons apologise after Angel of the North advert
Morrisons forced to apologise after beaming bread advert onto Angel of the North
Man undergoing minor surgery given vasectomy by mistake
Republican Party Announces It Is Officially The Party Of God
Jeffrey Wooten accused of robbing Georgia Waffle House with pitchfork
The Chinese Air Force's 'secret weapon' is a group of trained monkeys
NYC Book Club Goes Topless 'To Make Reading Sexy,' Succeeds
So Many Jihadists Are Flocking to Libya, Some Counter-Terrorists Now Call It 'Scumbag Woodstock'
Feeling lonely? Restaurant offers solo diners giant stuffed animals for company
In Landmark Decision, Supreme Court Strikes Down Main Reason Country Was Started
Women more troubled by bag theft than rape, BNP candidate claims
New York Police keep raiding dead man's home, lawsuit says
Coca-Cola will stop putting flame retardant chemical in Powerade
'Ghostbuster' cops keep raiding dead man's home : suit
Paralyzed former Rutgers football player claims school offered, then rescinded, invitation to speak at commencement
Royal Liverpool Hospital gives man vasectomy by mistake
Minnesota man "molested" by bear.
Third of Britons fear rise of Robots, says poll
Soccer fan killed by toilet bowl thrown from stadium stands in Brazil
Teens blame Michelle Obama for their "nasty" tater-tot-free lunches
Man wants to marry his porn-filled laptop
Sandwich police: Drugs stashed in breakfast burrito
Brain injury turns man into mathematical genius
Egypt: Simpsons Episode Proves War is a Conspiracy - Middle East - News
Seth Rogen continues disliking Justin Bieber
Grilled Cheese Sandwiches Will Soon Parachute Out Of The Sky
Detectives investigated for unauthorized bathroom use
Monica Lewinsky Requests Correction From Beyoncé's song Partition, saying, "Thanks, Beyoncé, but if we're verbing, I think you meant 'Bill Clinton'd all on my gown,' not Monica Lewinsky'd!"
Jennifer Lopez 'Sizzles' And 'Looks Attractive' On The Cover Of 'A.K.A'
California 8th-graders' assignment: Was Holocaust real or a political ploy?
'You can't arrest his spirit': Family says NYPD keeps raiding dead man's home
Bulgarian man changes name to his favourite soccer club. His name is now Mr Manchester United
Brazilian soccer team punished after fan killed by flying toilet
Tal Fortgang not sorry for being white and privileged
Toronto Mayor Flew to Chicago, Immediately Departed
One New Brighton man kills another over deer feeding, a neighbor says
Helicopter Removes Plane Stuck in Trees
In Stanton, human chain of 400+ passes books from old library to new
Massachusetts police classify hot pizza as a 'dangerous weapon' during arrest
Computer Mice: Still a Thing
American Nuns Get Slapped Down by the Vatican
Fox News: Teenager Takes His Great-Grandmother to Prom
PA man shoots 11-year-old nephew dead while demonstrating laser sight on his forehead
English A-level with Russell Brand and Dizzee Rascal on reading list under fire
[ITV] Mohamed Al Fayed blames removal of Michael Jackson statue for Fulham's relegation
How many times can one house call 999?? 290 apparently.
Fulham relegation due to removal of Michael Jackson statue - Al Fayed
Coca-Cola and Pepsi removing controversial flame retardant ingredient from all drinks
Worker falls from roof, has to climb it to be rescued.
Florida Man Says He Wants to "Marry My Porn Filled Apple Computer" in Federal Gay Marriage Case
Lake District mountain for sale as Earl tries to pay off debts
Chinese police to help patrol Paris streets
Teenager attempted to steal marijuana and pipes from a man's garage and ended up getting shot by the man, who's last name is "Kaarma".
Dortmund's Kevin Grosskreutz Publicly Apologises After Attacking Cologne Fan With His Doner Kebab
Witness: Gunman apologized after wounding robbery victim near Pleasant Grove bus stop
Biologists Are Biased Toward Penises
First Grader Takes Heroin to School
Masturbation: the secret to a long life?
Niklas Hjalmarsson can't speak after puck to throat, but will play in Game 3 | Puck Daddy
X-post from /r/soccer; Ex-Fulham owner blames removal of "lucky" Michael Jackson statue from the stadium as the reason for the club's relegation.
Sexist: Vintage adverts show how offensive the advertising industry was
Bear Cub Meant to Relax Students Before Finals Ends Up Biting Them and Sparking a Rabies Scare
High school students use NFL-style "prom draft" to pick dates
New Jersey man shoots 11-year-old nephew dead while demonstrating gun's laser sight on forehead: cops
Man With Longest Penis In The World To Donate It To Museum
Matt Cain is on the DL after failing to cut a sandwich 'fancy in triangles'
Loose moose in Vermont leads police to illicit marijuana grow operation.
Fulham relegated due to removal of 'lucky' Michael Jackson statue, claims ex-owner Mohamed Al Fayed
Ex-Fulham owner Al Fayed blames removal of Michael Jackson statue over club demise
NYC Book Club Goes Topless 'To Make Reading Sexy,' Succeeds [NSFW]
Egyptian TV Cites 'Simpsons' Episode as Proof Arab Spring Was Foreign Plot
Seeing Jesus in your food? Perfectly normal, new research suggests
Woman Caught Having Sex On Plane While Flying With Parents
Removal of Michael Jackson statue outside soccer stadium caused team's downfall, says former owner.
Fox News mixes up footage of grieving Asians: "They used footage of random sad Asians instead of going to Korea."
Utah couple arrested for having sex on front lawn of church
Couple Arrested For Sex Acts On Church Lawn
Family and Friends of Home Invaders say "They didn't deserve to get killed"
Fish rain down on Sri Lanka village
Liverpool hospital patient given vasectomy 'by mistake'
California Teens Hold NFL-Style "Prom Draft" To Pick Dates
Pilot crashes plane into house he used to own, climbs from mangled cockpit, tries to put out fire with garden hose
Pilot crashes into house he once owned, tries to put out fire with garden hose.
Fox News mixes up footage of grieving Asians
Fox News used images of 'random sad Asians' in South Korea ferry report
Kris Letang of Pittsburgh Penguins finding form three months after stroke - Penguins vs Rangers
Sign Installer Cited for Violating the Sign He Was Putting Up
Grand Closing: America's Pot Farmers Are Putting Mexican Cartels Out of Business
Grads with more debt are less happy
Pilot who crashed into home used to own the property
#BBCtrending: The man who got 250,000 followers with just one tweet
#BBCtrending: Shoplifting blogs on Tumblr investigated
Tourist did not know what centre lines were for
France launches action plan to save endangered hamster
Investigators in North Korea have released a report detailing the lives of "wretched" American citizens and calling the U.S. the "worst human rights abuser"
President Obama to speak Friday at Mountain View Walmart
North Korean Human Rights Investigators Find US a 'Living Hell'
Democratic congressional primary in NC featuring Clay Aiken of 'Idol' fame too close to call
Shaq Fu 2 Is Coming, A Sequel To An Abysmal Game
New North Korea travel app goes on sale. App is available on iTunes and Google Play.
Man arrested for singing 'Kung Fu Fighting'
Iran bans WhatsApp because Mark Zuckerberg is a Jew
Utah denies petition to honor turkeys with roadside memorial
Man Killed by Toliet Thrown at Soccer Match
Mexican cartel earns more from mining and logging than drugs
Drunk Irishman pleads guilty to causing $500,000 damage to Australian hotel
Has Spanish minister gone too far by giving a policing award to the Virgin Mary?
Boko Haram Leader Declares War on World Leaders, and Abraham Lincoln
Politician accused of stealing campaign signs because he was caught on camera, stealing campaign signs
Israel's Deputy Minister of Religious Services notes that "a Jew always has a much higher [level] soul than a goy, even if he is a homosexual."
Killer Bernie Tiede is freed - and will live in Richard Linklater's garage
JFK Library Honors George H.W. Bush for Breaking 'Read My Lips' Promise
'Rehab is amazing': Rob Ford speaks to Sun.
SD lawmaker: Gay sex is when 8 friends 'take a dump in your bed,' and Jesus hates it
Israel's Deputy Minister of Religious Services notes that "a Jew always has a much higher [level] soul than a goy (non-Jew), even if he is a homosexual."
Spooning for success: Over 95% of straight male college athletes admit to cuddling their teammates in bed
People on strict gluten-free diet have no idea what gluten is
After 32 years, town lifts arcade game ban
American Idol's primary too close to call
Jordanian soap star dies filming a death scene
South Dakota Republican explains gay sex to you
'Piece/Peace' typo on Gorman McCracken Volkswagen-Mazda's billboard leads to literacy donation
In New Video, Boko Haram Leader Declares War On World Leaders And Abraham Lincoln
Jordanian soap star Mahmoud al-Sawalqa dies filming deaths scene for Blood Brothers
Man given accidental vasectomy, Royal Liverpool Hospital admits
They're fierce, furry and ready to protect China
Some Idiot Actually Got a KFC Double Down Tattoo
Brooklyn couple launches 'Buy Sir Patrick Stewart A Baby Stroller' campaign
Police: Robbers hold up Philadelphia gas station, then stick around to pump gas
Brazilian soccer fan killed by toilet bowl thrown from stadium stands
DA: First-grader brings his grandmother's heroin to school
Egyptian TV Claims 'The Simpsons' Predicted the Syrian Civil War
PIV is always rape
The 25 individuals who make the 1% go WTF?
Mohamed Al Fayed: Fulham relegation due to removal of Michael Jackson statue
Poll Finds 1 in 5 People Would Have Sex With a Robot
House Speaker: Special panel investigating Benghazi won't be circus or sideshow
Loud sex on flight from London to Las Vegas leads to drunken British woman being cuffed
Mother sues Marvel for 50 million after son jumps out 6th story window imitating Spiderman
Tommy Lasorda Hopes V. Stiviano 'Gets Hit With a Car'
The Telegraph: 'I make £120,000 but I can't recall the last time we went out for dinner'
Universities Rethink Fight Songs to Ban Lyrics
New Tyrannosaur named 'Pinocchio rex'
'I make £120,000 but I can't recall the last time we went out for dinner'
Hawaii Legislators Say Cops Can Get Handjobs And Blowjobs From Hookers, But No Sex
California Bill introduced to tax motorists every mile they drive
California Mileage Tax Would Charge Drivers Based on Distance Driven
Whew! Seeing Jesus in grilled cheese part of normal brain processing: researchers
Matt Dunford: Britain's Vainest Man Claims He Spends Almost $14000 A Year To Maintain His Looks
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford missing a week after trip to rehab
/r/nottheonion is a default subreddit.
B.C.'s 'superintendent of achievement' under fire for commissioning $16K education report from 19-year-old he met at wedding
Glenn Beck Says Going To Correspondents Dinner Was Like Being 'Raped,' Warns of Concentration Camps Led By Biden And Pelosi
Christian Boy Dies For 3 Minutes, Meets Allah in Heaven
Utah Won't Let Man Marry His "Porn-Filled" Laptop
Rob Ford: 'Rehab is amazing. It reminds me of football camp'
Women in yoga pants are partially responsible for rape
Researchers want to keep the elderly safe with radar
Receive A Payday Loan
Florida man demands right to wed computer
Inner Traditions of Magic Counterfeits -- A Superb Inner Traditions of Magic Hack That Fools 92% Of The Buyers
NBC just locked down Olympics coverage for the next 18 years
Communities Full of Land Mines Are Rejecting Land-Mine Removal
Fox News Claims Climate Change Report Is A Distraction From Benghazi
The Obama Administration Ordered 1,430 Pounds Of Marijuana.
Missing cucumbers ignite knife attack
Vallejo man robbed, shot, Sunday, arrested Monday
Utah Legislator Vows to Fight NSA by Cutting Off Its Water Supply.
U.S Government Department of Agriculture gives advice on kidnapping - avoid embarrasing the U.S
Nationals Manager Matt Williams Rear Ended During Phone Interview
Democratic Congressman Worries About NSA Having Access To Phone Calls With His Hypothetical Mistress
Molly Smitten Downes to fart new Eurovision entry
Are teen pregnancies good for the economy?
Miley Cyrus Gang Hurled Racist Taunts Before Attacking Couple In Joliet Bar: Witness
Man Robbed Waffle House With Pitchfork:Cops
Teen Dead After Alabama Police 'Cut' Throat Open to Retrieve Drugs
Phila woman mistaken for groundhog is fatally shot by Stark farmer
Don't email in capital letters, court tells 'insensitive' father in custody dispute
Real CNN Poll Asks: Did 'Space Aliens, Time Travelers or Beings From Another Dimension' Make Flight 370 Disappear?
'Ball Tap' Injury Not Covered by Defendant's Insurance
The Trick To Heavy Drinking Without Getting Drunk
Police say don't sit on downtown Spokane sidewalks
Removal of Jackson statue caused Fulham relegation - Al Fayed
City of Calgary rubbing out suspect massage parlours
Artist who Danced with Rooster Tied to His Penis Found Guilty of Sexual Exhibitionism.
Maternal deaths falling worldwide, says WHO
Slaying suspect wants 'murder' tattoo removed from neck
Eminem Feels 'Hurt' After He Is Banned From Performing At Hyde Park By The Queen
Artist who tied rooster to penis in Paris guilty of exhibitionism
Indonesian woman gang-raped, faces caning for adultery
Indonesian Woman, Gang-Raped By 8 Men, Faces Caning For Adultery
Thanks Internet! WikiHow Gives You a Step-by-Step Guide to Stopping a Wedding
Nintendo Spends $100 Million on Acquiring Something
New Hampshire man arrested after protesting Jodi Picoult book assigned to teen daughter
Darth Vader falls to the Force, arrested in Vancouver for robbery
[Meta] Congratulations /r/nottheonion, we are now a default subreddit!
NY Senators spent more time debating whether or not to make yogurt the state snack than recent gun control reforms
Worcester Man Allegedly Caught Riding On Top of Moving Train While Wearing a Sombrero
Kindergarten play canceled so students can focus on 'college' and 'career'
Bob Johnson says ''I'd rather see another terrorist attack' than keep TSA
Kirsten Dunst Wears Star Wars Dress to Met Gala
Newfoundland town's effort to sell whale carcass on eBay hits snag
Dinosaur throws out first pitch at Padres game
Rights group report says only drugs approved by FDA for human use should be used in executions
A Goddamn Dinosaur Threw Out the First Pitch at a Padres Game
Cat Cafe craze hits Toronto
Bernie Tiede released from prison, will live with 'Bernie' director Richard Linklater
Miami Police Shooting Frenzy: "a total of 23 officers fired a total of at least 377 rounds... They hit the Volvo, other cars in the lot, fence posts and neighboring businesses. They blasted holes in a townhouse where a 12-year-old dove to the ground for cover and a four month old slept in his crib."
Mother is Suing Marvel For $50 Million Dollars After Son Died Jumping Out 6th Story Window After Wacthing 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2'
Daily porn-surfing EPA employee is STILL collecting $120,000 salary. I need a new job.
British girl in her 20s handcuffed in front of her parents after being caught having sex in Virgin aeroplane toilets with male passenger she had just met
Gluten-Free People Actually Have No Idea What Gluten Is
A Bunch Of High School Guys Held An 'NFL-Style' Draft To Pick Prom Dates - And Their School Is Outraged
Woman caught having sex in plane toilet while her parents sat nearby
Bachmann votes against a women's history museum that features her
Man Busted Going Down on Woman on Church Lawn During Wedding
Family, Friends Of Dead Home Invaders Say "They Didn't Deserve To Get Killed."
Man Accidentally Becomes Mother to 13 Ducklings
Table for one? Restaurant offers giant stuffed animals for company
Gay Jews have 'higher souls' than gentiles, says deputy minister
New trend has teens walking something very bizarre on leashes
Jenny McCarthy on Vaccines: 'I'm Certainly Not Against Them'
8th grade assignment: Write essay about whether Holocaust was real or made up
Woman Caught Having Sex On Virgin Flight Definitely Not a Virgin Anymore
Reid: Kochs 'main causes' of climate change
More Hugs Please, We're Chinese
Missing Irishman, Donal O'Sullivan, found injured in stairwell at Bondi Junction
It's wrong to assume we're all being spied on, Australia's spy watchdog says
'American Idol' star Clay Aiken appears to win Democratic primary
Porn gets environmentally friendly as video site promises to plant trees
'Pervert' Democrat makes Benghazi masturbation joke ... yes, you just read that
CNN poll includes space aliens as a possible cause for Flight 370 disappearance
Pizza slice key to armed robbery arrest
Man Gets Accidental Vasectomy After Doctors Operate On 'Wrong Site'
BBC Confuses UN logo with Halo UNSC logo
Anti-gay North Carolina Republican candidate worked as drag queen at gay bar
Nintendo Game Faces Criticism Over Lack of Gay Characters
Comcast says its customer service does a great job 'way more than 99%' of the time
Scientists Urge Delay In Destroying Last Smallpox
Florida Cops Choke Black Teen Holding Puppy Over 'Dehumanizing Stares'
Valley of the Dolls: Missing People Replaced with Puppets
'Dazed and Confused' director takes in murderer
John Thomas Windsor Admits to Ripping Off Blind Widow to Fund Cars, Ring and Sex Swing
Outrage as US woman posts video of her abortion as it happened on YouTube
Jack White Collaborates With Insane Clown Posse to Cover Mozart
Monkeys Protect Air Base from Bird Strikes
Tyrannosaurus rex throws out first pitch for Padres, tries to eat Friar mascot.
Bitcoin cologne is now a thing for some reason
Convicted sex offender gets job at Manchester Airport - frisking passengers
Bearded Lady from Austria Ignites Eurovision Protest Storm
I just nicked your son... any chance of a lift? What police officer asked suspect's mother
'Methane backpacks' capture cow farts, turn them into green fuel
Nintendo Bans Gay Marriage in New Game Tomodachi Life
Osaka taxi driver arrested for making passenger urinate in car.
Nintendo Says No to Gay Weddings in Upcoming Game
Danzig To Sue Everyone On Earth
Spanish town to vote to change name from "Kill Jews".
Turkish man who killed two wives seeks new partner on TV show
رقم هاتف مطعم النخلة بالخرج
Man killed wife, parrot because they talked too much
Abduction of Girls an Act Not Even Al Qaeda Can Condone
Mom accused of killing kids said they were 'mean'
Saudi woman killed defying driving ban
Note demanding money written on grocery receipt lead Oregon police to bank robbery suspect
Gluten-Free People Don't Know What Gluten Is
Goldman's Bullish on Boston Bloods Staying Out of Jail
77-year-old Florida man tasered after trying to escape alleged bank robbery with walker
EPA Yet To Fire Employee Who Admitted Watching "Two to Six" Hours of Porn a Day on the Job
Jordanian news anchor desk destroyed during journalistic dispute
"Miley Cyrus Gang" Accused Of Picking Fight in Joliet
Sarah Palin: 'Jesus Fought For Death Penalty Until Day He Died'
Gluten-Free Dieters Unsure What Gluten Actually Is
Teacher in Colombia accused of stealing pupils' Panini stickers to complete their own book
Health Buzz: Gluten-Free Dieters Unsure What Gluten Actually Is
U of T[oronto] student union moves ahead with harrowingly stupid equity plan
Panini World Cup 2014: Colombian Teacher Accused Of Confiscating Pupils' Stickers To Complete His Album
Kidnapping Schoolgirls Is Too Extreme For al-Qaeda
The Contradiction Is Strong: Anti-Gay Republican Once Worked As A Drag Queen In A Gay Bar
Colombia Teacher 'Stole Panini World Cup 2014 Stickers From Pupil to Complete own Album'
These Valves Are Nicer Than Your Wedding Ring
Nando's-obsessed teen tattoos chicken mascot on his buttock - but chain refuses his request for a Black Card
Egypt uncovers Simpsons conspiracy to destabilize the Arab world
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford calls newspaper from rehab to discuss getting in trouble for having called that newspaper
Holocaust textbook contains text lifted from anti-holocaust website
Human poo pumped through a patient's nose used as superbug medicine
Human faeces pumped through a patient's nose used as superbug medicine | World news
Houston Authorities Searching For 'Serial Defecator'
'Cannibal cop' cooking breakfast and lunch for inmates, guards in lower Manhattan prison
Wu-Tang Clan collaborate with Cher on $5M album
Why are so many white men trying to save the planet without the rest of us?
Fox News parodies itself, uses footage of random sad Asians instead of actual Koreans
Kadena Air Base: We Could Take Godzilla
Kim Kardashian Just Realized Racism Still Exists After Having A Baby
Time to go to war with Israel as the only path to peace in the Middle East - Stop the War Coalition
Alleged theft of D.C. recycling bins marked 'Take Me!' leads to arrest, charges
Houston Neighborhood Haunted by Serial Pooper
New York State Senator Daniel Squadron Quotes Kanye West's 'Gold Digger' on Senate Floor
China mulls high-speed train to US: report
Philadelphians fume after concertgoers treat neighborhood like giant toilet, have public sex
New York State Senator quotes Kanye West's 'Gold Digger' during debate
Town lifts decades-old arcade game ban
College Students Order a Hit on Themselves to Avoid Finals
US Patent Office Grants 'Photography Against A White Background' Patent To Amazon
Drunk Wesleyan Student Tells Police He's Justin Timberlake
'Cannibal Cop' Can Really Cook -- NYMag
Florida man tries to have sex with beer can, ends up in hospital.
Cher is on the new Wu-Tang album
Cher To Appear on New Wu-Tang Clan Album
One Billion People Still Practise Open Defecation, Endangering Public Health: UN
Rob Ford in rehab hot water
UConn boots sorority over 'bacon hazing'
One billion people still defecate in public despite health risks - UN
Topless Pulp Fiction Appreciation Society takes off
Utah: Woman Was Confused About Dead Babies in Garage
Post Office Goes Full Retard Stupid: Forces Outbox Founders To "Un-Deliever" Mail With "Un-Postmen"
UKIP to prove "not racist" by painting Jim Davidson brown
Postmaster General: 'The American citizens aren't our customers'
Minnesota renames "Asian Carp" to 'invasive carp' so as to refrain from offending people of Asian descent
T-Rex throws out first pitch at Padres game
Positive Pregnancy Tests Up For Sale Online
Bachmann spoke against the National Women's Museum bill, saying the museum concept "will enshrine the radical feminist movement" and that it may become "an ideological shrine to abortion."
Study Links Homosexuailty to Eating Grits
The most Republican company? The makers of Wonder Bread
Smoking and the bandits - Front page of the local paper this morning.
Donald Sterling is shocked to be called a racist
The inspiration for Sister Act has been placed in a 'teacher jail'.
Heterosexual father files rights complaint saying he should get same parental benefits as gay men in Canada
Studies Suggest Women Find Men With Guitars Sexier
Spanish town of "Kill Jews" votes on a name change
Gretchen Carlson Catches Geraldo Disguising Fox Hosts as Average Joes
ECHL's Las Vegas Wranglers scrap plan to play home games on casino roof
Denver asks Colorado Symphony to call off Bring-Your-Own-Pot Concerts.
Suspended lawyer's application to marry porn-filled MacBook overturned
Janitor funds $100k in toilet, courts say he can keep it.
Survey Says: Journalists Are Old White Cowards
Man on TV dating show reveals killing first wife, lover
22 Sickened in Obstacle Race Because of Poop-Contaminated Mud
Panini World Cup sticker theft: Colombian teacher accused of stealing from pupil to complete OWN collection
China's air force creates a battalion of monkeys
'Cannibal Cop' Now A Jailhouse Cook, 'Has Mastered Pizza': Mom
Egypt uncovers Simpson's conspiracy to Destabilize the Arab world.
Kim Jong Il Military Postgraduate Institute Completed at Kim Il Sung Military University
Michele Bachmann Warns Against Women's History Museum As 'Shrine to Abortion'
Joe Hockey warns clean energy and 'utterly offensive' windfarms are in his budget crosshairs
Shanghai Warms Up To A New Cuisine: Chinese Food, American-Style : The Salt : NPR
Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has attacked wind farms as "utterly offensive and "a blight on the landscape" in the latest sign that the Abbott government intends to cut back on renewable energy
House of Doubtfire 10-year anniv by Tony Ung, Cubtrina
9-year-old led away in handcuffs by Portland police prompts outrage, push for policy changes
Explosion at Calif. explosives plant brings alarm
College says African-American guilty of discrimination for saying the n-word
Kinder Morgan pipeline application says oil spills can have both negative and positive effects
Poop There It Is: Student Mails Animal Feces To Vice Principal
George Zimmerman sells a painting of Treyvon Martin for $30,000.
Woman Gets Caught On Tape Filling The Office's Milk Carton With Her Breast Milk (Video)
SFU Students Accidentally Receive Email From Batman
Harvard to adopt student honesty pledge
Anti-gay state senator hopeful worked as a drag queen
Boy refuses to stand for Pledge of Allegiance; threatened with in-school suspension.
Russian security agency to buy typewriters to avoid surveillance
Mars Offers Humanity A Do-Over
Spanish town 'Kill Jews' votes on name change
Will El Nino ruin your summer?
University of Connecticut boots sorority over 'bacon hazing'
Introduction to Algorithms(Instructor's Manual) - - How And Particularly Why Users Also Can Gain Advantage Using It
Judge Orders Man To Stop Emailing Kids in All Caps
Taking a photo against a white background? Amazon owns the patent on that
Britain's first cloned dog dubbed 'ridiculous waste of money'
Gay Mafia's Rifle gets another Notch
Cops: Thieves Robbed Gas Station And Shot Clerk, Then Stuck Around To Sell Gas
China: Miner Found Alive After 17 Years Underground
Seven year old takes his grandma's heroin to school.
US accuses Israel of 'alarming, even terrifying' levels of spying
GOP giving up on fixing Latino problem before 2016
Man Admits To Murdering Wife And Former Lover On Dating Show
Mandela sign language interpreter leaves psych hospital to shoot Livelens commercial
Man shoots, kills woman he mistakes for groundhog
Skee-Ball skirmish brews in federal court over use of game name in competitive beer league
'serial pooper' on the loose in Houston was caught on camera
Oregon deputies find body in pond near Sweet Home
Smithsonian Eyes Trayvon Martin Hoodie for Museum Exhibit
Activists Storm US Army Base to Plant Thousands of Marijuana Seeds
English football club Millwall avoided relegation because of lucky goldfish
Meet Netflix's New Stealthy Logo
Thousands of retweets will mean no final for students
'I AM Google!': Tech strategist storms out of conference 'because audience is too small'
Police confiscate ham, cheese and cocaine sandwich
Nagging could drive men to an early grave, study suggests
In an effort to justify his killing, Aurora theater shooter converts to Islam.
Police arrest man over cocaine sandwich
Students write essay about whether Holocaust was real or made up. District superintendent's name is Mohammed Z. Islam.
Redskins great LaVar Arrington can't market himself as a Redskins great
Tommy Lee has joined The Smashing Pumpkins
Samsung Gear Fit Review
NH Lawmaker: Gun Buyers Should Be Allowed to Use Food Stamp Cards
Man driving drunk and stoned while having sex with wife crashes into canal
Soviets saved Europe from fascism, says Vladimir Putin on war anniversary
Iowa distillery raises pigs to taste like whiskey
Russia's Secret Plan To Occupy The Moon With Permanent Base Revealed
Angry beaver delays traffic, terrorizes town
NH Lawmaker: Gun Purchases With Food Stamps Should Be Legal
The struggles recent graduates face: Big dreams don't amount to anything in an awful economy.
Man Visits Facebook Friends In Real Life And One Isn't Thrilled
Convicted "Cannibal Cop" now jailhouse cook
Ohio man mistakes farmhand for groundhog and fatally shoots 22-year-old family friend
After Lengthy Debate, NY Senate OKs Yogurt As State Snack.
Veteran Ten reporter Harry Potter, 72, dies of cancer
Nice middle-class boy becomes Islamic militant after eating Halal sandwich
Missing dog may have been stolen for its large nipples, fear Sutton couple
Everyone In America Is Naming Their Kid "Brooklyn" Except NYers
Israeli soldiers kidnap Lebanese goats
Turkish man seeks new lover on TV show after killing two others
Canadian Man Faces Fines For Patching Up Potholes
Russia hangs adults-only rating on The Sims 4
Pop-Tart Guns Now Legal in Florida Schools
Farmer mistakes woman for groundhog, shoots her
Florida woman gets land-clearing company to bulldoze trailer of neighbor she doesn't like
Millions spent to save hamster
Still Paying for the Civil War- Veterans' Benefits Live On Long After Bullets Stop
Boston drivers urged to 'Use Yah Blinkah'
Effects of Sexual Activity on Beard Growth in Man
Pope Francis Calls For 'Legitimate Redistribution' Of Wealth To The Poor
Cannibal Cop Charged With Killing, Eating 100 People Works As Cook in Jail
Sefer Calinak, Dating Show Contestant, Killed 2 Women And Now He's Looking For Love
Topless Pulp Fiction Appreciation Society takes off | Books
North Korea Unleashes Racist Slurs Against Obama
Study suggests men can indeed be nagged to death
Detergent pulled in Germany over neo-Nazi code
IOC chiefs 'make secret plea' to use London 2012 venues as Rio 2016 Olympic Games fall behind schedule
A Florida mom said she didn't call police about her missing toddler daughter because she thought she had to wait 24 hours
Man thinks woman is groundhog in tall grass, shoots her
Obama talks about wealth inequality while giving pay-for-access fundraiser
New bride ends up in hospital after 'two hour orgasm'
A woman was arrested after she attempted to have her neighbor's mobile home demolished simply because she doesn't like the people living there.
Wedding party stumbles upon jailbird sex act on church lawn
One Direction die in aeroplane crash
Home-Wrecker: Woman Doesn't Like Neighbors, Demolishes Their Home
Lil Terrio Being Hospitalized After Getting Stuck In Chuck E. Cheese Tube
'Fake' Mandela sign language interpreter pulled out of psych hospital to shoot commercial
WhatsApplebee's is the best chat app for chain-restaurant lovers
Amazon Sends Snail Mail To Remind Prime Members They Have Instant Video Streaming
Web host gives FCC a 28.8Kbps slow lane in net neutrality protest
Killer robots to be debated in UN
Attorney fined for zapping witness with trick pen at dairy cow trial
Popular Youth Sports Coach Busted for Bath Salts While at Work - at His Porn Shop
Johnny Manziel drafted after Browns owner consulted homeless man, ESPN reports
Egyptian Men Say New Law To Ban Sexual Harassment Won't Make A Difference Because "Women Like It"
Bridgeport Boy Stranded At Home After Thieves Make Off With Wheelchair Ramp
Police: Upset with neighbors, St. Johns woman bulldozes their mobile home
Jerry Vile set up 100 plastic vultures on the DIA's front lawn yesterday
Meet woman who was admitted in hospital post 'two hour long orgasm'
California city may start giving kindergarteners misdemeanors for bullying
Google strategist walks out of conference because 'audience is too small'
How do you take apart a 150-tonne whale?
NRA Claims Smart Guns Discriminate Against Less Intelligent Gun Owners
Turning over a new leaf: Italian prisoners will get their sentences reduced by three days for every book they read while in jail
Watching women trying to sing while having an orgasm
Justin Bieber apologises for visiting Yasukuni Shrine in Japan: Site at centre of international row honours convicted WWII war criminals
Man shoots up Verizon store because of cellular outage, then crashes truck into funeral home.
Nintendo Apologizes for Not Allowing Same-Sex Relationships in Tomodachi Life
Justin Bieber's visit to Japan's Yasukuni war shrine ignites online backlash
The FCC can't handle all the net neutrality calls it's getting, urges people to write emails instead
Burger King adds Whopper to morning menu
Family: Fremont teacher slapped boy over math test
Florida Town Must Open Meeting With Satanic Prayer or Violate Supreme Court Ruling
Indian Embassy in US outsources visa, passport services to new firm
Internet falls in love with Chinese cosplaying beauty, disappointed to find she's actually a guy
Taylor Lewan's Mom: MILF?
Migrants tell migrants: 'Don't come to Italy'
British servicemen 'pose with dead Taliban fighter'
World Bank Studies are rarely read, says World Bank
Gilberto Valle the 'Cannibal Cop' is working as a cook in a NYC jail
Satanic Prayer Will Open Florida Town Council Meeting If Chaz Stevens Has His Way
Man on turkish dating show vows not to murder his next wife. Unlike his first wife and his last girlfriend.
Gay russian aryan skinhead group (G.A.S.H), believe in ridding the world of "dirty nationalities" and "truly manly" S&M sex acts. Check out their logo.
The Sims 4 Rated Adults-Only In Russia Over Same-Sex Relationships
SlySoft AnyDVD HD v7.4.6.4 Beta
Woman allegedly stabs Walmart employee with scissors for disliking her 'vibe'
Donald Sterling: I Was Only Saying Racist Things To Get Laid.
Iran soccer players told not to swap shirts at World Cup due to fear of running out of supplies
Dr. Helmenstine's "drinkable" glowing water recipe (secret ingredient is highlighter ink)
Firm Contracted to Build Fence on US-Mexico Border is Fined for Hiring Illegal Workers
Man Sets Out to Transform his Facebook Friends into Actual Friends
The solutions to all our problems may be buried in PDFs that nobody reads
White Guys: We Suck and We're Sorry
This Law School Professor Believes Robots May Lead To An Increase In Prostitution
Man admits to killing wife and lover on Turkish TV dating show
Teenager kills herself after mother's Facebook ban
Rob Ford calls himself 'most racist guy around' and offers sex with his wife up to guests: report
Woman Confused About Dead Babies in Garage
South Sudan Citizens Fleeing to Darfur for Safety
'Killer robots' to be debated at UN
Okla. Inmate Dies After Botched Execution
Frequent arguments with family and friends linked with greater risk of death
Florida Police Kill Wrong Man In Search of A Suspect Accused Of Attempted Murder . . . Later The Suspect Was Never Suspected Of Attempted Murder And In Fact There Was No Crime
Eritrea national footballers in Dutch town
Rock band Procol Harum blamed for abducting Nigerian schoolgirls in terrorist group mix-up
France is spending 3 million Euros to save the great hamster of Alsace
The Case Against Killer Robots
Beats Co-Founders Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine Expected to Take on Senior Roles at Apple Following Acquisition
Two-Month Undercover Operation Busts "Bikini Baristas"
Realtor and Client attacked and sent to hospital by cats during house showing
Don't mention the war! WW2 re-enactment banned by council because some of the participants would have been wearing NAZI uniforms
Two Essex police officers may face disiplinary action after blasting 'Sound of da Police' from their patrol car late at night
Officers face possible action over blasting out rap song
Nintendo Apologizes for Barring Same-Sex Marriages in 'Tomodachi Life' Videogame
Vladimir Putin joins hockey game, scores six goals
The Current Top Free iOS App Is an Anticapitalist Spoof That's Making $50K Per Day
'Tired teenagers' at Surrey school to start lessons later
Scientists find 'God's bathtub' in Australia
Highway drivers told to 'Use Yah Blinkah' in Boston
The Canadian Government Is Creeping on Your Facebook
Moon Colony Planned by Russia
Prince Charles backs plan to kill grey squirrels
Top 10 Misattributed Inventions
Spotify removes silent album that earned band $20,000
Spanish Town of 'Jew Killers' Considers Possible Name Change
Bearded Drag Queen Wins Eurovision Song Contest
Essex Police car 'blasts Sound of Da Police' at revellers
Somerset's iron curtain: Farmer builds 300ft 'maximum security' fence around public footpath to stop dog-walkers straying onto his land.
3-Year-Old Shoots Himself in Head, Grandmothers Says 'Accidents Happen'
Canadians seem to be getting tired of the often nasty man at 24 Sussex
Amazon patents taking pictures of stuff on a white background
Amazon patents photographing on seamless white
Anthropologists Are Afraid to Ask About Farting
Hallmark accommodates gay marriage by introducing Mothers Day and Father's Day multipacks (SATIRE)
Anti-Gay Republican Outed As Former Drag Queen
Did Obama Just Screw Weed Legalization by Supporting It?
Snakes capable of crushing small children invade Regent's Canal
Is Beyonce "anti-feminst" & a "terrorist"? One scholar thinks so
Student Arrested for Repeatedly Mailing Poop to Vice Principal
The Black Death May Have Improved Health
Did an Israeli spy hide in Al Gore's bathroom?
Schoolgirl Punished for Reporting Rape by Fellow Student
High School Senior Mails Poop To Vice Principal, Police Say
Houston Police Searching for Serial Defecator
Satanic inmate suing Nevada jail for religious discrimination which includes his right to ice cream
Now Why Would Cops Need to Kill a Pet Parakeet?
Set a thief to catch a thief: Pakistans first criminology university may be illegal
Drunk man climbs on top of Sydney Opera House looking for his wallet
Made-up names doom San Jose ballot measure to overturn Styrofoam ban
Aliens are targeting Welsh people, claims 'abduction victim'
Female Dutch band shown having orgasms while singing
Anarchist Conference Devolves Into Chaos
Single mom gets a Mother's Day shopping spree at Salvation Army store
Arturo Carvjal sues Houston's Restaurant for not advising him on how to eat an artichoke.
Literally a Third of World Bank Policy Reports Have Never, Ever Been Read Online, By Anyone
Anti-apartheid movement founder died after racism row attack, court told
Puff Daddy awarded honorary doctorate by Howard University
NYPD: Man Named "Coward" Is Attacking Subway Riders With A Hammer
One Billion People Still Poop in Public
THIEVES BREAK INTO PRESIDENT GARFIELD MONUMENT
American Lung Association of Florida Hosts Pub Crawl
Sen. Rubio: Yes, I'm ready to be president.
NC woman calls 911 to complain about pizza
Did Homer Simpson Actually Solve Fermat's Last Theorem? Take A Look
'Freakshow' Star Marcus 'Creature' Boykin Can't Find A Roommate
Chicopee woman faces wiretapping charges after allegedly recording her own arrest
Puisi Sedih Karena Cinta Bertepuk Sebelah Tangan
America Has Switched Sides: Now Backs Al Qaeda and Nazis
Suspect taunts department through Facebook
Dancing naked man draws crowd, disturbs parents in Houston
Russia camouflaging troops under UN colors
Americans Invaded A Country On Minecraft And Planted Flags Everywhere
Michael Douglas Suffers Hora-Related Injury at Son's Bar Mitzvah
California Highway Patrol Rescues Chihuahua
South Carolina Teacher Charged With Having Sex With Three Students in One Day
We're Drinking Whiskey Faster Than Distillers Can Make More
Social networks key to understanding chimpanzee civil war
Ex-bondage model forced to drop out of university after professor pressured her for kinky photos
Nancy Reed accused of stabbing a Walmart employee because she didn't like her 'vibe'
20 Rivers in Scotland Polluted by Toxic 'Gender-Bender' Chemicals
Cocaine use in Britain so high it has contaminated our drinking water, report shows [X-Post r/worldnews]
Canadian youth aren't as high as you might think
UKIP stumped why party is bottom of alphabetical ballot paper
Gormley's Hong Kong installation cancelled after banker's suicide. The work, Event Horizon, composed of lifesize figures placed on rooftops, is withdrawn after a request from J.P. Morgan
Officers face disciplinary action after blasting "Sound of Da Police" from their patrol car
Amazon granted patent for taking photos against a white background
Politician kicked out of the Toronto subway while unveiling his transit policy
Amazon granted patent for taking photos against a white background - seriously
SEARS ROBBERY: Suspect Taunts Police On Facebook
The Man Who Lives in a Giant Naked Woman
Die-Hard CoD Follower: "We Are the Most Persecuted Fans Ever"
Man Who Spent 15 Years In Prison Explains Why He Robbed Same Store Again.
China Says Goodbye in the Key of G: Kenny G
Cocaine use in Britain so high it has contaminated our drinking water, report shows
Flush with coke: UK so high on cocaine that users have 'contaminated tap water'
41-year-old Texas man arrested for suspected premarital sex with 16-year-old wife
Cocaine use so high it's contaminating British water
Texas man arrested for suspected premarital sex with 16-year-old wife
Rob Ford's brother "vows to prove Toronto mayor is in rehab" as new video surfaces
Budget 2014: Coalition to sell the Royal Australian Mint
San Francisco Now Has an Unofficial Crack Pipe Distribution Program
A&M Researchers Now Studying Religion Through Funny Internet Memes
Chief rabbi helps sick boy fulfill dream to meet the pope
Cocaine Use In UK So Prevalent It Contaminates Drinking Water
Urban Texans Lead Nation in Not Biking to Work
Dolly Wink Eyelash Fix
North Korea denies drone flights, calls South Korean president 'prostitute'
ISU design professor envisions virtual reality lives for farm animals
Somehow Vladimir Putin Scores Six Goals in an Amateur Hockey Game
Yawning Suspect to Judge: "I Don't Care, Man"
Somali immigrants protest racism in South Africa
Australian Classification Review Board to be amalgamated with the Refugee Review Tribunal
Australian Classification Review Board for games and movies to be amalgamated with the Refugee Review Tribunal
Game Of Thrones 4.Sezon 6.Bölüm, Game Of Thrones 4.Sezon 6.Bölüm izle, Game of Thrones izle
'Don't scream when you're being robbed', Brazil police tell World Cup fans
Brazil: "Don't scream when robbed"
South Korea Says North Korea 'Must Disappear Soon'
Brits Snort So Much Coke That It's Contaminated the Water Supply
Man attempts chicken-joint robbery with branch; employee battles him with broom
Brixton prison governor fails drugs test after eating bread
Democratic Senator Proposes Banning Recess Until Congress Adopts Balanced Budget
Secret Service Agent Says Obama Is Gay & Muslim
Richard and Judy agree assisted death pact
Mass. driver uses dummy to ride in HOV lane
Virginia official: Non-Christian public prayer violates my rights 'because I don't believe that'
New Hampshire Lawmakers Divided on Proposed Bill Which Would Restrict EBT Recipients From Purchasing Firearms
Sandy Hook truther steals memorial sign, tells victim's mother her child never existed
Science, American legal system confirm barefoot shoes are bullshit
750 bags of Roman poop reveal ancient life
Man charged with DUI after driving to police station to file accident report
BBC News - New Boko Haram video (read the name of the author at the bottom)
Delta flight lands at RDU after passengers get sick: Five cases of "Sympathetic Vomiting"
North Korea denies spy drones, labels South's president a 'prostitute'
Arizona house so full of guns, it's a miracle the 3-year-old only now shot himself
Etihad Rolls Out New Class: Flying Apartments
I Went to the Nutritionists' Annual Confab. It Was Catered by McDonald's.
Teenage knicker thief discovered robbing woman's home while dressed in her clothes
North Korea issues racist tirade against Obama, calls him "a crossbreed with unclear blood".
Spoons stolen in President Garfield tomb break-in
Author of fake Holocaust memoir ordered to return $22.5m to publisher
NC man arrested after taking off pants at Waffle House
Nintendo Apologizes for Not Allowing Same-Sex Marriage in Game
Ozzy Osbourne Buckinghamshire estate conversion foiled by bats
The BNP Attacks UKIP For Being Racist
'I was told to prove my son still had Down's Syndrome to keep medical card'
Halifax bar racist for calling police on patron who didn't have proper I.D., human rights commission says
BBC News - Richard and Judy agree 'death pact'
US Navy releases 'stealth' e-reader for sailors
Richard and Judy agree 'death pact'
Law School Grad Gets Probation In Vegas Bird Death
Kerry Says US Is On the "Right Side of History" Concerning Online Freedom
Vladimir Putin leads hockey team to a 21-4 victory in Russian sports festival
Valve's Social Engineering Campaign Against Cheaters is Out of Bounds
Aaron Sorkin apologizes for 'The Newsroom'
Masked Burglar Sinks Self With Pre-Crime Selfie
Florida Couple Fined $746 For Crime Of Feeding Homeless People
My son's Oedipus complex
President James A. Garfield Monument in Lakeview Cemetery burglarized, commemorative spoons stolen
Texas Calls Its Execution Process the Gold Standard
Being a bully may be good for your health, study finds
Clay Aiken primary opponent dies - CNN Political Ticker
Man Wanted For Putting Subway Bathroom Out of Commission
Thieves Break Into James A Garfield's Tomb, Steal Commemorative Spoons
Clay Aiken's Democratic rival dies suddenly
Ukip Paid Eastern Europeans To Give Out Leaflets As 'They're Cheapest'
Ban killer Robocops before it's too late, rights groups say
Clay Aiken's Congressional Opponent Found Dead
Pope reaches out to martians
Pope says baptism for all - even Martians
Spoon collection stolen from President Garfield's tomb
Police: Family man steals toilet from Subway restaurant
Clay Aiken Just Won the Democratic Primary... Because His Opponent Died
Study shows Kentuckians only hate Obamacare if you call it Obamacare
Berkeley law grad sorry for Vegas bird beheading
Uruguay President Tells Obama U.S. Needs to Stop Smoking and Learn Spanish
Man Petitions Court To Marry His Porn Filled Laptop.
Someone broke into President Garfield's tomb and stole his commemorative spoons
Keith Crisco Dead: Clay Aiken's Dem Opponent Found Dead Days After Primary
Clay Aiken's congressional opponent dies in accident
Custom controller lets disabled man dig into Minecraft using his eyebrows
Clay Aiken's opponent in the North Carolina Congressional primary dies
California Assembly Passes Resolution Approving Ethnic Cleansing
Univ. of North Dakota students mock Native Americans with 'Siouxper Drunk' T-shirts
UND Students Wear "Siouxper Drunk" Shirts to Springfest
Kentuckians only hate Obamacare if you call it Obamacare
Tassie air magic for gasping dragon as businessmen plan to sell our oxygen to China
'I am Google': Strategist storms out over small crowd
Allen West: Kidnapped Nigerian girls are a 'fishy' Obama plot to distract from Benghazi
700-pound pet steer last seen roaming Arvada street
All-You-Can-Eat Taco Bars Deemed Offensive, Face Campus Extinction.
Mary Johnston: Woman inadvertently becomes 87th best Glasgow attraction after TripAdvisor mistake
Florida Man Files Motion to Marry His Porn-Filled Apple Computer
Rick Wiles Points To 'Game Of Thrones' Tweet To Prove Obama Is The Antichrist
Larry Klayman Says Americans Must Overthrow Obama To Honor Holocaust Victims
Modern Family will pay for your marriage license
V. Stiviano Crashes Her Car After Tommy Lasorda Curses Her
Cocaine use in Britain so high it has contaminated drinking water, report shows
BBC News report on kidnapped Nigerian girls is written by a journalist named 'Nick Childs'.
New NSA chief vows more transparency for embattled agency
Sterling: Magic not a good example
'Idol' Clay Aiken US House opponent Keith Crisco dies in fall
Karl Rove: Hillary Clinton may have brain damage
Ex-Navy chaplain: Un-biblical gun laws make California 'vulnerable' to invasion by Japan
Confronted on Execution, Texas Proudly Says It Kills Efficiently
Chinese Girls Demand Cooked Sushi at World's Best Sushi Bar
Pause paunch and halt hair loss
UN Holding Conference to Debate over Ban of Killer Robots this Week
Video: Slushie Thrown on anti-gay demonstrator
Rapper who cut off his own penis says it has been reattached
Gangs stealing LED lights from Range Rovers to grow cannabis
Pope Francis Says He Would Definitely Baptize Aliens If They Asked Him To
Man run over after telling his SO Happy Mother's Day
Nutritionists' Annual Confab catered by McDonald's.
Wreck Beach goes the full Mountie: RCMP plan to erect tent at nude beach displeases regulars
Police: Man calls cops after being stiffed in drug deal
UN talks to target 'killer robots'
Average Americans Think They're Smarter Than the Average American
Clay Aiken's Democratic challenger dies after 'accidental fall,' family says
Conchita Wurst tops the charts in Russia
Conchita Wurst tops Russian iTunes chart
Conchita Wurst tops iTunes chart... in Russia
Indonesia bans video-sharing site Vimeo over 'porn'
Large crowd shows up for time capsule opening, finds box full of sludge
Prison governor fails drugs test after eating bread with poppy seeds from jail canteen.
Homeopathy officially recognised as from today
Jail boss fails drug test after eating a slice of poppy seed bread
Allen West Says Obama Is Using Boko Haram To Distract Us All From Benghazi
Danish parliament's cartoon using sex and violence to encourage voting in European elections
Man without pants arrested at Rock Hill Waffle House, police say
Donald Sterling Prayed For Magic Johnson's AIDS (Which He Doesn't Even Have)
DNA tests offered to parents to check if their child will be a redhead
Insecure hipsters with beard envy spur facial hair transplant craze
Donald Sterling tells CNN he's not racist, slams Magic Johnson
Poland's Donatan & Cleo went 'two boobs too far' for UK's Eurovision jury
It's Judgment Day for Killer Robots at the United Nations
Gov't committee gives stamp of approval to all-night dancing
Pigeons Halt Third Year Exams
A US distillery is breeding whiskey-flavored pigs
Socks With Sandals Emerging as Spring Trend, Stylists Say
BBC Newsbeat - Cocaine contaminates drinking water, report suggests
Polish prosecutor: Auschwitz football chants ruled not anti-Semitic
Border Fence Firm Snared for Hiring Illegal Workers
NYC officials say the city would be down, but not out, if a real Godzilla came to town
Range Rover LED lights are being stolen by gang members and sold to drug dealers who used it to grow cannabis
Laser eye surgeons seek to help visually challenged cephalopods swimming in our oceans.
Ukip Pays Eastern Europeans To Distribute Leaflets, Despite Warning They Take British Jobs
Is laser surgery the answer for shortsighted squid?
Saudi Arabia: Farmers flout Mers warning by kissing camels
Alec Baldwin Arrested After Being Stopped for Riding Bike Wrong Way, Arguing With Police
Man Arrested After Taking Drug-Deal Selfie Next To Sheriff's Car
A bouncy house blows 50 feet into the air with kids inside
"Bouncy house" blows away, seriously injures two young boys
Man caught masturbating in public beats off four police officers.
Donald Sterling rants against African-Americans in 'apology' for racist comments
Donald Sterling's Defense Against Racism: More Racism
Bounce House Takes Flight with two Passengers
Mark Zuckerberg gave New Jersey $100 million to fix Newark's schools, and it looks like it was a waste
Jennifer Lawrence, Justin Bieber and Madonna Lookalikes Form Band, Make Awful Music Video
Deputies: Man arrested after posting selfie with drugs
Wind Blows Bounce House into the Air
Homeschooled Girl Allegedly Kicked Out Of Prom Because Perverted Dads Were Checking Her Out
New driving law bans motorists from eating breakfast sandwiches in Nova Scotia
Pope's astronomer says he would baptise an alien if it asked him
Pope Francis says he would baptise aliens: 'The doors of the Catholic Church are open to everyone' [x-post from r/news]
Red-Tailed Hawk Rescued from Tree in Wallingford
Pope Francis would baptize aliens: 'Who are we to close doors?'
After Decades in U.S., Man Learns He Isn't a Citizen
Men's Shorts Are Getting Dangerously Short, Warns WSJ
England set for more World Cup hurt, Whitehall predicts
Experts agree when picking running shoes that comfort is important
Clay Aiken wins close primary race in North Carolina, results show
The Boyfriend Log merges data obsession with your love life.
Doggy gets upset over his new haircut, walks around on hind legs like a boss for two days
Former Hawkeye player chased on scooter, Tazed
Anonymous Chat App Creates An Exclusive Social Network Inside Applebee's
An attack outside a bar left him with PTSD - but now he's a math genius
Please don't vote for us!
Alec Baldwin Arrested After Biking the Wrong Way in Manhattan
Man struck by car travelling at 2mph
Man answers cell phone while pastor is casting out his demon - Detroit Christian Living
Man Claiming to Be God Crashes Truck into Baltimore TV Station and Is Barricaded Inside
Girl Asked to Leave Prom Because Dress Made Dads Have Naughty Thoughts
Ontario father hears noises coming from toddler's room - finds a drunk 64-year-old in her bed: OPP
Jeb Bush, Paul Ryan Insist 'Friendship' And 'Traditional Marriage' Can End Poverty
Clay Aiken wins NC Dem congressional primary, after rival dies
Iowa couple claim they were served 'Marijuana McDoubles' at McDonald's
Florida Couple Fined, Threatened with Jail for Feeding Homeless
Actor Alec Baldwin arrested after riding bike wrong way
Missouri man charged with running over goose
A dog jumps from a 13th story window & lands on 75 year old woman killing both instantly. A woman on the street stops to gawk at the accident and is killed when hit by a passing bus. A man seeing the woman hit by the bus has a heart attack and dies at the scene. (x-post from /r/WTF)
A bounce house flew away with three children inside
A Runaway Bouncy Castle Blew 50 Feet Into The Air With Three Children Inside
Bouncy House Flies Away, Seriously Injuring Children
Indian Sadhu Keeps His Arm Raised for 38 Years in Devotion to Shiva
Boys injured when bounce house flies away
Have fun with 2048 gestures
Professor suspended over picture of his daughter wearing Game of Thrones t-shirt "I will take what is mine with fire and blood". HR says "fire could possibly be a metaphor for 'AK-47s'."
What's Behind Reports of Ghost Sex?
Clay Aiken Declared Winner of NC Democratic Primary Race Following Opponent's Death
Operation Smile: Doctors remove 4-pound tumor from girl's face
Man claiming to be God crashes truck into Maryland TV station
Police: Burglar's buttocks wound helped crack case
Nuclear expert says kitty litter contributed to radiation leak at WIPP
Denmark's Parliament Tried to Engage the Youth Vote with Blowjobs and Decapitated Hipsters
Lorry beeps inventor Chris Hanson-Abbott says he finds them annoying and wants to change sound
Bounce House blows away with three kids inside
Alec Baldwin arrested for biking while being Alec Baldwin
Man found in bedroom of 2-year-old girl in eastern Ontario: OPP
Grey wolf appears in Iowa for first time in 89 years - and is shot dead | Environment
'Ban Killer Robots' Before They Even Exist
Hear Michael Jackson's New Song 'Do You Know Where Your Children Are?'
How to Read a Racist Book to Your Kids
The FAA Knew a Commercial Drone Pilot Broke No Laws, Fined Him $10K Anyway
Students at Harvard's Kennedy School will now be required to check their privilege
In Ireland, if you don't pay your TV license you will go to jail for 20 minutes
British Using So Much Cocaine, It's Detectable In Their Water
County Police Department to Live Tweet Prostitution Sting
Italian factory makes bad mozzarella, 13 arrests
Video: Cops Raid Family Party, Pepper Spray Children, Taser Grandma
Applebee's Introduces Social Media Chat That Works Only at Applebee's
Blood donors heckled by anti-fascist protesters at Hove Town Hall
UN debates ban on killer robots
Woman accused of repeated animal cruelty is eaten by her dogs
San Diego County app warns of evacuations because of 'fire in your pants'
Ukraine: 'People's governor' worked as Santa-for-hire
Những mẫu thiết kế nội thất phòng khách đẹp - sang trọng năm 2014(Phần 1)
Yale basketball player leaves team to join prestigious a cappella group
Clay Aiken Wins Democratic Nomination In North Carolina House Race
Scottish Town Raises $8,000 for Statue of Stray Cat
Brazil: Police warn visitors, 'Don't scream if robbed'
Clay Aiken wins NC Dem congressional primary
Feds released hundreds of immigrant murderers, drunken drivers, sex-crimes convicts
Denmark pulls unlikely superhero 'Voteman' after attempt to use sex and violence to get young people to vote backfires spectacularly
Never mind the ballots: Denmark cages violent cartoon hero Voteman
Ex-Giants DB Tyler Sash arrested after evading police on scooter
McDonald's manager fired after asking employee, "How long is your french fry?"
Former football player chased on scooter by police, shot with taser.
Cop gives parking ticket to man installing no parking sign
Man Looking For Love On Facebook Is Rejected 5,000 Times
Rep. Joe Garcia Digs For Ear Wax Then Appears To Eat It On TV
AdBlock launches crowdfunding campaign to create ads about blocking ads
Iraq Debates Law That Would Allow Men To Marry 9-Year-Old Girls
Well done. This is how you report the news.
Yale basketball player quits team to join famed glee club
US Navy develops world's worst e-reader
Sandy Hook 'Truther' Tells Victim's Mother Her Daughter Never Existed
Chewy piece of calamari turns out to be a condom
3 Kid Hurt When Wind Blows Bounce House Into Air
Exclusive: The Pentagon Has a Plan to Stop the Zombie Apocalypse. Seriously.
Man Selling His Life for $100 Million
Elderly woman's incontinence pads mistaken for bomb in Pacific Fair bin sparking evacuation
Justin Bieber accused of attempted robbery, LAPD says
17-Year Old Girl Arrested For Swearing Whilst Talking With A 911 Operator To Help Dying Father
Louis Vuitton Outlet,Louis Vuitton Shoes
Cancellation of WWII Reenactment Because of Participants Wearing of German Uniforms
Macaulay Culkin Wears a T-shirt of Ryan Gosling Wearing a T-shirt of Macaulay Culkin
'Racist day' fun with Kim Dotcom
Man 'drops pants in waffle house and strikes up conversation about his penis'
Northern Ireland: Local candidate says she would 'recriminalise homosexuality'
Glorious Leader! US developers to launch North Korea, the video game
Retired black cop speaks out on going undercover with KKK in Colorado
Thousands of chickens killed in M62 lorry crash
Broken porta-potty door mistaken as drone in South Korea
2 Boys Hospitalized After Bounce House Flies 50 Feet Into The Air
Italian factory makes bad mozzarella, 13 arrested
V.C. Firm Names Robot To Board of Directors
Ukip Are A Racist, Anti-White Party Encouraging The Genocide Of British People... Says The BNP
Photographer proves universe revolves around Plymouth
Breakfast sandwiches are a hazard to motorists
Clive Palmer blames Tony Abbott for falling asleep in Parliament
Bank robber Dean Smith jailed after giving Barclays his address
"Jurassic World" Actor Trapped In A Dinosaur
Study Finds Being Ignored on Facebook May Lower Self-Esteem
Derry man stole Ebrington Square circus underwear
Louie Has No Idea What It's Like to Be a "Fat Girl." Neither Does Louis C.K.
NY schools official, diversity and sensitivity initiative member, resigns after 'chubby' remark
Woman calls 911 after pizza made wrong
114 1 3 women arrested after twerking in Beaverton
Tanzanian witch doctors arrested over albino killing
Anarchist conference descends into chaos
Deadbeat dad barred from fathering more kids
David Cameron's 'top-secret' visit to Canada revealed
Fencing Team Banned From North Dakota State University Because Of 'Weapons Policy'
Appeals court: Asim Taylor can't have more children until he pays child support
Teen charged in bong attack
Customer Finds Condom In Her Calamari
NDSU Weapons Policy Bans Fencing Club From Practicing On Campus
Jeb Bush (R-Idiot) Tells Poor People to Stop Mooching
Lonely croc in search for love says former Gravesend and Northfleet FC manager
NDSU policy prohibits fencing practice on campus
Couple claims McDonald's burger topped with marijuana
Possible home explosion turns out to be messy house
911 call: Subway 'gave me marinara sauce instead of pizza sauce'
Elite, entitled college students protest elite, entitled commencement speakers
Three Children Injured After Bouncy Castle Blown into New York Sky
3 kids hurt when bounce house blows away
Former New York Giants safety tased and arrested after drunken scooter chase
'Unprecedented' global study finds 1 in 4 adults anti-Semitic
Police unmask 'mystery pooper' who regularly defecated on Ypsilanti park slides
Ron Stallworth, Police Sergeant, Chronicles His Experience As Undercover KKK Member
Citizens Arrest: Man Pulls Over Drunk Cop, Puts Him In Back Of Own Police Car
Autistic Hacker Helped FBI Nail Anonymous Boss
8-year-old girl delivers baby brother
Homeless Football Player Can't Receive Help Due To NCAA Rules
Top ISPs threaten to innovate less, spend less on network upgrades.
Man Pulls Over Drunken Cop, Tosses Him In Back Of Own Police Van
Pikeville, Tenn., buckles down on saggy pants
'C' for Crimea, 'P' for Putin - new way to learn Russian ABCs
Upscale Lingerie Store Removes Mannequin With Visible Ribs After Passersby Complain
Prompted by U.S. Supreme Court Ruling, Florida Satanist Wants to Open Meeting With Prayer
Giant ancient sperm found in Australian bat cave
Bounce House Disaster: Winds Lift Kids 20 Feet in the Air
La Perla Removes Rib-Baring Mannequin from Store Following Complaints
Man discovers he is not a U.S. citizen after 49 years voting, working for government
Cat saves boy from dog attack
Animal rights campaigners ask for memorial at M62 crash site where 1,500 chickens died
Woman calls 911 because Subway gave her marinara sauce instead of pizza sauce. Gets arrested.
Grade school kids not allowed to perform "YMCA" because of racism.
Teen ejected from prom after dads experience impure thoughts
Kids Hurt After Bounce House Soars High In The Air
Lansing Clothing Donation Bin Death
North Korea Points Out Human Rights Abuses in the United States
Conservatives blame Hillary Clinton for Ni­ger­ian schoolgirl kidnappings
Turkish PM cites 19th-century Britain to prove mine accidents are 'typical'
Justin Bieber accused of attempted robbery at LA mini golf course
The Brave Sage of Timbuktu: Abdel Kader Haidara
Drunk driver named Drinkwater hands over liquor receipt instead of license during 7th OUI arrest
North Korea's new space agency is "NADA," and its logo bears an eerily strong resemblance...
Chelsea Manning May Be Transferred To Civilian Prison For Gender Treatment
Kitty litter explored in nuke dump radiation leak
Gay penguins in Kent zoo are 'the best parents'
Russia thinks the Eurovision is too gay; want to make their own show
Sore Winners: Christian Group Offended by Mississippi Businesses That Won't Discriminate Against Gays
Man dressed like pirate, armed with machete accused of 'stabbing car'
Rep. Joe Garcia caught on camera picking his ear and eating it
Beyoncé, Sex Terrorist: A Menace for Conservatives and Liberals Alike
Hawaii Police Won't Get to Have Sex With Prostitutes Anymore
Pentagon gives initial support to Manning transfer for gender treatment
Russian Scientists Discover Cure to Homosexuality
Adults With Student Loans Tend To Have More Debt Overall
Truck hits horse-drawn buggy in Miami County
The Bacon Tampon: Doctors Find Salt Pork Stops Nosebleeds
European personhood petition reaches 1,000,000 signature requirement | LifeSiteNews.com
World's oldest giant sperm found in Australia
Jim Wheeler, Nevada Lawmaker, Says He'd Vote For Slavery If That's What His Constituents Wanted
STUDY: College Grads Have More Debt Than Non-Grads
Fujitsu is selling lettuce grown in a computerized clean room
GOP lawmaker: I would vote to bring back slavery
Harvard's Kennedy School Adds Privilege-Checking to New-Student Orientation
Two boys who fell from bounce house recovering from serious injuries
Two boys seriously injured when bounce house is blown into the air by wind
Edward Snowden was inspired by video games to expose government surveillance
New federal rules will force scientists to use more female lab animals
Fox News :Pope Francis should stick to doctrine, stay away from economic 'redistribution'
Deer in grocery store had to be put down
'Crashed drone' in South Korea turns out to be toilet door
City officials say New York could withstand a Godzilla attack
Drug charges dropped against women accused in Beaverton twerking incident
CHARLESTON, S.C.: Charleston Republicans censure Graham | Politics | The State
Brazil unveils 'Robocop' suit to protect super-elite police unit during World Cup
Brazil readies 'RoboCops' to prevent World Cup riots
This piece of "art" just sold for $84.2 million.
Ken Ham Claims Pat Robertson Promotes 'Pagan Ideas,' Effectively Attacked Jesus Christ
Canadian Tire money borders on legal tender In Canada
Satanist asks to open town hall meeting after Supreme Court allows prayer at government functions
Researching Stop Signs in the Skies for Birds
Cat saves boy from vicious dog attack
Pentagon has plan to stop the zombie apocalypse: report
ACC mulls 'nonconference' games vs. itself
Home Depot Rolls out the carpet for Sharia Law
Recruite who tried to flee bootcamp, no longer Marine
Giant 17 Million Year Old Sperm Found Preserved
GOP Favorite in Nebraska Senate Race Believes Religious Belief Justifies Breaking Any Law
Kappa Sigmas Imitate Masturbation During Greek Week Performance, Finish By Spraying Whipped Cream On Random Girls' Faces
Man wearing bullet-proof vest says, 'Shoot me,' is killed
'No corporate sponsor': Local man drops 90 pounds in 3 months with exercise, good nutrition
Miami police kill 2 unarmed suspects by shooting disabled car 377 times
Lawrence Lessig wants to reduce the power of money in politics. And to do that, he says, he's going to need a "god awful amount of money."
Hector the Lump of Coal will make you miss Barney (and that's saying something)
Lime shortage blamed on drug cartel and crop shortage
Man gets 9th DUI - His mom asks news station not to do a story, "he doesn't drive drunk that much"
Macaulay Culkin Has a T-shirt of Ryan Gosling Wearing a T-shirt of Him
Nebraska Senate Nominee Says Religious Beliefs Can Justify Breaking Any Law
People watch in horror as bounce house flys 50 feet into the air with children on board
Macaulay Culkin wears t-shirt of Ryan Gosling wearing a t-shirt with Culkin's face
This West Virginia 17-year old just beat an incumbent state delegate
Ocala man says he stabbed friend over last beer
'Forced Intercourse in Marriage is Not Rape', Rules Delhi Court
Two boys hospitalized after bounce house flies 50 feet in the air.
Shop bán quần áo đẹp và rẻ
Knicks hold contest to name their new D-League team ... settle on 'Knicks'
George R.R. Martin Tells Conan His Secret Weapon: a DOS Computer
Newt Gingrich Complains Straight People Are Being Repressed
Newt Gingrich: Gay People Are Repressing Straight People
Newt Gingrich: Gays Should Accept Anti-Gay Views
Beer for brooms: Germany to pay alcoholics with drink to clean streets
Two-Undecillion-Dollar Demand Spells Trouble for Au Bon Pain
Lion King's Pumbaa testifies in Omaha weapons trial
Man named Ryan Smallwood goes pantless, talks about his penis at waffle house
Artist stuffs Wikipedia into apple DNA to create real trees of knowledge
Justin Bieber Terrorized a Mini-Golf Course, Made a Child Cry
Saudi man said to divorce wife for driving
Meizitang Botanical Slimming Soft Gel-Best Sliming Way
Kim Jong Un Takes on the Capitalists in New Video Game
Man admits to killing Melbourne vampire gigolo
Labs Are Told to Start Including a Neglected Variable: Females
2 Day Diet Japan Lingzhi® Diet Pills-Enjoy Effective Slimming
'Vampire Veterinarian' Kept Dog Alive In Filthy Cage For 6 Months After Telling Family He Was Dead
SC man asks to be shot in bulletproof vest, dies
Turkish prime minister on mine deaths: 'These are usual things'
The Pope's X-Rated Twitter Typo Elicits Some Pretty Horrible Responses
Scientists discover 'one weird trick' used by ancient Egyptians to build the pyramids
In Denmark, nothing says EU elections like group sex and random beheadings
15yr old High School Student arrested after its discovered she was 31yrs old
There May Be Such a Thing as 'Too Much Exercise'
City to give alcoholics beer to clean streets
15yr old Student Arrested for actually being 31
Iowans Report Finding Pot in their Cheeseburgers
Fujitsu harvests low-potassium lettuce grown in semiconductor plant
Pheasant terrorises Shropshire family
Court forbids deadbeat dad from having more kids
Nick Clegg: 'I set fire to a cacti collection and I'm not proud of it'
Same-Sex Penguin Couple Steps In To Raise Abandoned Chick
Rockaway Hostel Rents Beds With Gang Violence and Domestic Abuse Themes
Christopher Pyne denies using c-word in attack on Bill Shorten (Australian Politics)
Polyamorous Home in Bushwick Looks For Tenants Wanting Judgment-Free Life
Chipotle cups will now feature stories by Jonathan Safran Foer, Toni Morrison, George Saunders and other authors
31-year-old sophomore at E. Texas high school arrested
Plains Crude Pipe Leak Maroons L.A. Gentlemen's Club Patrons.
US admits killing people on the basis of their Metadata - Easier than a trial
Home invasion victim claims perpetrators stole his 'weed'
31-year-old sophomore at E. Texas high school arrested - wistv.com
Pennsylvania man says he broke into neighbour's home to borrow eggs for breakfast
Soccer star Wilfried Zaha introduces 'penis pouch' Gilmore Support Shorts to world
Woman Hands Over Vodka Receipt Instead of ID During DUI Stop
An Oculus Rift For Chickens Gives Animals The Freedom To Roam Without The Roaming
Gang-raped Indonesian woman may be caned publicly
L.A. Reid confirms plans for 'really special' Michael Jackson and Justin Bieber collaboration
Burger King offers burgers for breakfast
Playground Pooper is Public Enemy Number 2
Scientists Discover Normal Looking Psytrance Fan (x-post /r/psytrance)
Stray Cat With Dental Trouble Needs Help Paying Bills
US rabbi charged with stealing $12.4 million from disabled kids
Book News: Rush Limbaugh Wins Children's Book 'Author Of The Year' Award
9/11 Ceremony Scraps Singing of 'Bridge Over Troubled Water' Due to Gov. Christie
'Flappy Bird' to Return as 'Less Addictive' Multiplayer Game
Móði and Magni have been born! (Thors children)
Man found 'wrapped like a burrito' outside Taco Bell
Oprah and a physicist battle over a trail access near Telluride
Man suspected of stealing toilet tank from Seattle restaurant
Even chickens have their own virtual world
Cops: Middletown man says he broke into home to borrow eggs
Tenant wins court case because she had suffered "a fixed delusion that someone else had paid the rent."
Sign too bright for Depew school's neighbor
Sign too bright for school's neighbor
One Man's Insane Plan to Make Oculus Rifts for Chickens
Teen Girl Kicked Out Of Prom So Her Dress Wouldn't Lead Boys To 'Think Impure Thoughts'
Unsatisfied Woman Calls 911 Over Flatbread Pizza Preparation
Wu-Tang Affiliate Explains That Whole Penis-Severing Thing
Second Livestock Brings Virtual Reality To Chickens
Knicks Hold Contest To Name Their New D-League Team, End Up Naming Them Knicks
Teens Are Leaving Facebook For Facebook
High School Coach Now Regrets Letting His Pitcher Throw 194 Pitches
Study: Swallows evolved smaller wings to avoid threat of cars
Coach Regrets Allowing High School Senior to Throw 194 Pitches
Is this for realz?? Society for Prevention of Celebrity Divorce???
White House: No Conflict with Biden's son working for Ukraine gas company.
SC man dies after asking friend to test bulletproof vest
UConn professor charged with child abuse retires with $69,000 pension
Dream of cradling a beaver in your arms? Live vicariously through this Colorado hairdresser!
Man plants tree in huge city pothole
Boys Seriously Hurt When Wind Blows Bounce House 50 Feet in Air
US draws up plans to fight off zombie invasion
Satirical breakfast sandwich ban fools police, public
Man Dies After Asking Friend To Test Bulletproof Vest
Bill O'Reilly Denies the Existence of White Privilege Because He Once Worked at an Ice Cream Shop
Angry beaver causes traffic delays, panic around New Brunswick town
The guy who was the voice of McGruff the Crime Dog took a bite out of more than 1,000 marijuana plants and a grenade launcher, too.
Kids these days: Authorities searching for elusive goat in Eldersburg
Immigrant helper 'too qualified' for Germany
Ken Ham Challenges Pat Robertson To A Debate On Young Earth Creationism
Let The F-bombs Drop: Science says swearing is good for you
Not Even the FCC Likes the FCC's Proposed Net Neutrality Rules
Bryan Singer On The 'X-Men' Continuity Problems: 'Eh, F*** It'
Villagers Kill 200 Boko Haram Insurgents With Dane Guns, Arrows; Catch 10 Alive
Upset over stale cinnamon roll, woman threatens 'to shoot down' Burger King, report says
Discovery of Human Foot on Seattle Waterfront Adds to Appendage Tally
Hayward girl who was shot thought she was on period
High School Student, Teacher Applying For Same Summer Waitressing Job
Doctors' handwriting is so bad it's putting patient lives at risk
Mother's Day a Boon for Cheating Site
Ohio judge orders deadbeat dad to pay up or zip it up
World Economic Forum: Powerful Elite Meet to Discuss Income Inequality
Man dead in South Carolina after asking friend to shoot him
U.S. To Require Gender Equality For Medical Lab Rats
Boko Haram Demands 10 Million Retweets In Exchange For Kidnapped Girls
Virtual reality for chickens would simulate a blissful free-range life
'A cowboy, a curmudgeon, a biker or a normal guy': Hilarious GOP Idaho governor's debate makes comic history as candidates spar about racist jokes, 'spiritual warfare' and how nuclear accidents were foretold by the Bible
Boston Bruins' Milan Lucic recently released anti-bullying book
Americana Music Awards Nominees Are Mostly Folky, And White
Injury-prone Olympique Lyonnais playmaker Yoann Gourcuff could miss the final match of the season after a dog-walking accident
Rush Limbaugh Wins Children's Book Award
Shooting of Pakistan's Malala depicted in controversial ad
CHINA, RUSSIA BEAT US IN NEW CORPORATE TRANSPARENCY REPORT
Dave Chappelle looks different now
Ex-Premier League star Marlon King jailed for causing pile-up while eating Ice Cream at the wheel
Roommates buy lumpy used couch, find $40K in cash
Idaho debate: watch the 'highlights' of what we have to offer here in potato-land.
Lawsuit Seeks $2 Undecillion Dollars ($2,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000) in Damages
Hipsters are mainstream, poll finds
Popular New Baby Names Of 2013: Vanellope, Kaptain, Tuf, And Kyndle
Tom Cruise is Gay, but Frix isn't. Let's FRIX IT UP!!!
Texas high school sends 170 students home for violating the dress code
Sriracha CEO Compares California to Communist Vietnam
Beebe: Parks Middle rashes likely caused by 'fart bomb'
Fringe Candidates Steal The Show At Idaho's Gubernatorial Debate
New fast texting world record holder is, gosh, a teen
Scottish independence: How many unicorns do you earn?
Man Wants To Design Oculus Rift For Chickens
Black Children More Likely to Drown in Pools, Study Shows
Newly authenticated Rodin once shared space with Potomac family's pet gerbil
You've got Male: Amazon's Growth Impacting Seattle Dating Scene
Bill Clinton: Hillary Is Not A Flesh-Eating Zombie
Kate Upton's Boobs Distract Boyfriend Justin Verlander From Watching the Hockey Game
Seattle school renames Easter eggs 'Spring Spheres'
Family brutally attacked Mother's Day weekend
9 YEAR OLD GIRL ARRESTED, DETAINED AFTER RUNNING THROUGH SPRINKLERS IN OWN YARD
Albuquerque Police Department's New 'Excessive Force Prevention' Cop Himself Has History of Using Excessive Force
Teen 'shot and killed friend after he asked to try out his bulletproof vest'
All of the Czech hockey players have diarrhea.
Peyton Manning promises more 'Omaha!' next season
Fleeing Florida Car Thief Hit Alligator, Crashed
United Arab Emirates leads world in "respect for women"
US Navy funds morality lessons for robots
Hero cat to throw out first pitch at a minor league game.
China: Miner Found Alive After 17 Years Underground - See more at: http://worldnewsdailyreport.com/china-miner-found-alive-after-17-years-underground/#sthash.KbhBxwH4.dpuf
Pennsylvania woman blames low-flying helicopters for death of prized rabbits
Michael Bresciani Says The 'Ghosts Of Millions Of Aborted Children' Will Haunt Obama's Presidential Library
Booby-trapped grave: fears that man planted explosives in cemetery
'We oppose bearded men in dresses,' say bearded men in dresses
Idaho Gubernatorial Candidate Suggests Taking Federal Lands by Force with Air Superiority
Ex-Blades, Hull and Leeds star Marlon King jailed for causing pile-up while eating ice cream
Peta requests memorial for more than 1,000 chickens killed in M62 lorry crash
Samsung is rebranding London Heathrow's Terminal 5 as 'Terminal Samsung Galaxy S5'
'My house is on fire m8 lol' ... 911 texting tested in the US
Virtual reality simulator for chickens
Virtual reality for chickens lets them live free range
Heroic Teen Saves Massive Carp From Floodwaters
Study: Young Black Children Drown At Far Higher Rates
Massachusetts Town Lifts 32 Year Ban On Arcade Games
Doctors can't research the health of black men, because they keep getting sent to prison
One giant leap for Pocari Sweat--sports drink set for 2015 moon landing.
Algorithm appointed board director
Boyfriend and co worker of jailed 31 year old high school sophomore are in disbelief.
Dad gets restraining order against kindergartner"
New Research Shows Wind Farms Cause Global Warming
Rush Limbaugh named kids' 'Author of the Year'
Disney Meets Orwell With These Super Cute Surveillance Cameras
Al Fayed blames relegation on statue
Suspect steals wallet after man collapses
Tara the hero cat will 'throw out' first pitch at a minor league game
Hero Cat Who Saved Boy Will 'Throw' First Pitch at Baseball Game
Lingerie store La Perla pulls mannequin with protruding ribs amidst Twitter outcry
My all time favorite Onion Video, what's yours?
California teen claimed to have given semen-filled cupcakes to bullies
Arlington approves fixes to its 'intersection of doom'
Study: Young Black Children Drown At Far Higher Rates - CBS Atlanta -
Man Shoots Self in Head, Treats Gunplay Wound with Neosporin, doesn't seek help for 5 days
Football Player Flaunts Sexual Orientation On Live Television
The scary reason Saudi farmers are kissing camels (That may or may not have MERS) "...photographs of men kissing and stroking their camels have been accompanied with comments disparaging MERS"
Samsung rebranding Heathrow's busiest hub to 'Terminal Samsung Galaxy S5'
Female Softball Player Comes Out as Straight (So Brave)
The scary reason Saudi farmers are kissing camels
Man sneaks onto family farm, kills three goats execution style
Canadian Movie Chain Looking To Start Charging Extra For Middle Seats
The Idaho GOP Gubernatorial Primary Debate Will Change Your Life
Hero cat to throw out first pitch
Boston Bomber's Other Plan Was Opening Kazakhstan's First Starbucks
Rice lands verbal commitment after sending letter to quarterback's cat
Man tries on bulletproof vest, asks to be shot and is killed
Don't worry, the Pentagon's got a plan to deal with a zombie apocalypse
Carlos Gomez Started Googling "Rich People Conversations" When He Became Wealthy
Portland police arrest, handcuff a nine-year-old girl
This woman wants homosexuality criminalised, adultery made illegal and rock groups banned ... and now she wants your vote
Teacher Fired for Magic Trick, County Calls It "Wizardry"
Hero Cat That Fought a Dog to Protect Child Will Toss Out a First Pitch
New Google Glass App Lets You Nod To Pay With Bitcoin, Will Add Dollars This Summer
Ukip candidate's family restaurant fined over illegal immigrants
Georgia Woman Sues Over City Sex Toy Ban (NSFW-ish)
Porn in US 'a public health crisis'
Rob Ford symposium in Washington asks: What's going on in Toronto?
Black Cop Chronicles His Experience As Undercover KKK Member
The Pentagon's plan to stave off the zombie apocalypse
Oregon Senate hopeful accused of stalking boyfriend
University Group Cancels 'Hump Day' Festivities After Camel Deemed Racist
UFO Cult Would Be 'Happy' to Baptize Pope Francis | VICE United States
ER Places Bowl Full of Percocet in Waiting Room, Lowers Visits
Ohio Courts Ban Deadbeat Dad From Impregnating Women
Louisiana's Jindal will sign guns in restaurants bill
Idaho Republican Gubanatorial Candidates Debate about Wolves, Gay Marriage, Apocalypse Awareness, and Big Government
Bouncy castle blows 50 feet into the air with three kids inside
Mother upset that McDonald's is playing Color Me Badd in the children's play area
Bees cause havoc as thousands swarm to shop, student's car and close school
Shoppers flee as honey bees swarm central London clothing store
Hero Cat will throw out a first pitch at a minor league baseball game
Harvey dad kills pit bull with bow and arrow, pepper sprays man following saggy pants dispute, cops say
Burglar Falls Asleep Inside Detective's Norwood Park House, Prosecutors Say
Agency apologizes for mattress ad depicting shooting of Malala Yousafzai
Mets email GM's credit card info to media
SF Traffic Sign Hacked To Warn Drivers Of Godzilla Attack
Erie police say the baby's blood-alcohol content was 0.289 percent when she was brought to Saint Vincent Hospital on Wednesday
'Hump Day' event cancelled after students claim bringing a camel to campus was racist
Sarah Palin Uses Facebook to Denounce Twitter Diplomacy
2 boys injured after 'bounce house' flies 20 feet into air
Kanye Talks To Florence Newspaper About Florence.
A biker dressed in full gear named Harley Brown and an old man with 16 kids who got 'arrested for homeschooling' participate in the GOP primary debate for governor of the state of Idaho.
Republicans Go Berserk and Accuse Scientists of Bullying Them With Facts
Residents threatened with wine bottles during Worcester home invasion
Woman sues Georgia city over law banning sex toys, says they saved her marriage
FCC Allows Comcast to have their Way with Subscribers (0.o)
Man Wants Oculus Rift for Chickens
A 34-year-old Texas woman enrolled as a sophomore in high school, fooling administration and even acquiring a boyfriend who truly believed she was an "innocent teenager."
Minnesota High School Assures Parents That Mandatory Vagina Inspection Letter is "definitely a hoax"
Red Lobster's Biggest Fan Gives Advice to the Chain's New Owners
AMC Greenlights Billy Corgan's Wrestling Show
Samsung to rebrand Heathrow airport's Terminal 5 'Terminal Samsung Galaxy S5'
Man pays car in full with 5 tons-worth of coins
Dashcam catches handcuffed suspects "being gay" to swap meth!
New York roommates find $41,000 in their couch and return the money to elderly woman
Chinese couples rush to get pregnant before dreaded Year of the Sheep
Dallas man indicted for smuggling dead hummingbirds from Mexico
Hero cat to throw out first pitch at minor league game
Mets accidentally sent out GM Sandy Alderson's credit card info
This Idaho GOP Governor's primary debate is like nothing you've ever seen before
Reports: Suspected ninja burglars arrested
Bridge Between DTLA Luxury Apartments Allows Residents To Avoid Their Homeless Neighbors
Samsung to rename Heathrow's Terminal 5 to Terminal Samsung Galaxy S5
Defiant farmers still smooching CAMELS despite deadly virus warnings
Woman, 34, Accused of Posing as a Sophomore Arrested
Christian metal singer sentenced to prison in California murder plot
A cowboy, a biker, a curmudgeon and a slighly more normal guy met as republican representative candidates for Idaho, discussing politics for 50 minutes.
Todd Davis: Laughing Stock of Lifelock
Town Official Defends Police Commissioner Who Called Obama The N-Word
Rush Limbaugh named children's author of the year
Woman in Wheelchair Locked Out of Supermarket
Major Leaguer on First Big Contract Googles "Rich-People Conversations" for Small-Talk Ideas
Islamic laws in Brunei spark protests at L.A.-area luxury hotels
7 year old boy kicked out of school for sexual harassment after the furious mother of the victim launched a poorly worded campaign
NH Town's White Police Official Calls Obama N-Word
Tens Of Millions Somehow Fail To Turn Out For 'Operation American Spring'
14 pet goldfish stolen
Much vote: Dogecoin community votes Josh Wise into All-Star Race
Unemployed people in Czech Republic are 'missing out on office sex'
Frustrated by Columbia's inaction, student reports sexual assault to police
Ad agency sparks outrage with mattress promo showing Malala 'bouncing back' after being shot in head
Dallas Morning Show Host Amy Kushnir Objects To Gay Kiss, Fine With Male Strippers On TV
Exclusive - Comcast nears deal to stream EA games to TVs: sources
Woman 'Hunting Asians' Beats 4-Year-Old With Crowbar in Walmart
Islamic court permits pregnant woman to give birth before she is hanged
When US companies drug test, they wind up hiring more black people
Pope doing job 'as I would have', says Berlusconi
King Penguin receives Norwegian knighthood
Apple And Google Agree To Drop All Lawsuits Against Each Other
Apple and Google Forge Landmark Patent Peace Deal
Dead YSR Congress candidate elected
NAACP HONORS AL SHARPTON AS 'PERSON OF THE YEAR' IN STERLING'S ABSENCE
Royal Marine bit off pigeon's head as a 'drunk prank', caught by DNA
5 Ways in Which the Universe Could End
Man suing almost everyone for all the money on Earth
Bolivian President Evo Morales signs as professional footballer
Uri Geller spoon gorilla statue unveiled
Man Tells Selfish Celebs To Stop Divorcing On Billboards Across L.A.
School Hands 13-Year-Old Over to Cops for a Doodle of a Man Hanging, Lawsuit Alleges.
Dallas man charged with smuggling dead hummingbirds from Mexico
Tens Of People Descend Upon The Capitol To Drive The Obama Administration Out Of Office
TIL that in response to her husband's infidelity, a woman from Prague decided to commit suicide by jumping from her third-story balcony. By chance she happened to land on her spouse below, cushioning her fall. She survived, but he died. (X-post from /r/todayilearned)
Utah lawmaker: Bring back firing squad executions
Savior cat to throw first pitch
Spring woman arrested, accused of attacking 2 neighbors with a sword
New Hitler ads on Metrobuses stir up controversy
Virtual Reality Lets Imprisoned Chickens Think They're Flying the Coop
Rush Limabugh wins Children's book award
All Science Is Wrong, Concludes Esteemed Fox News Panel
Woman's car attacked by self-identified 'high elf' battling evil
Manhattan Man Files Amazing Lawsuit Seeking $2,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000
Woman dials 911 over 'terrible' pizza sauce, arrested.
RIAA Offers To Reduce $222K Verdict Against File-Sharer If She'll Say Something Nice About RIAA
U.S. politician proposes death by firing squad for death row prisoners
Bitter Split Riles Atheist Church: New York non-believers break off from London group
Mother refused purchase of steak packet, told to "leave some steak for everybody else".
Tara the hero cat invited to 'throw first pitch' at baseball game
Pornography should be treated like drink driving or teenager smoking, experts argue as they it is so widespread in U.S., it is a MAJOR health crisis
Kim Jong Un's 'executed' ex-girlfriend comes back from the dead with appearance on state TV
GOP Lawmaker: Bring Back Firing Squad Executions
Should Christian Colleges Let Female Faculty Teach Men the Bible?
Father of 30 kids by 11 women can't pay child support
Woman threatens a South Carolina Burger King over her Cinnabon not being fresh enough
'Deathtrap' on GM's naughty words list
Cat that saved boy from dog attack will throw out first pitch at minor-league game
Broken Mirror: Shard Hotel Views Reflect Next-Door Rooms
The cat that saved the little boy will throw the first pitch at a baseball game
A New York City Taxi Driver Says He Has The Right To Wear A Swastika At Work
Woman threatens to shoot everyone in Burger King - because her cinnamon BUN wasn't fresh enough
Woman threatens to shoot up South Carolina Burger King over stale cinnamon roll
Hero cat to throw first pitch at baseball game
500 kangaroos to be put on the pill but 1600 to be shot
Son Of Lobster Boy Discusses Dad's Grisly Murder
Pentagon document lays out battle plan against zombies
Portland anarchist calls 911 on heroin overdose, tells dispatcher to not send police
Breaking Proud Tradition, Captains Flee and Let Others Go Down With Ship
Annika Eriksson, Swedish Lunch Lady, Told Food Is 'Too Good,' Forced To Make Cuts
Accused murderer in Strip dancer case testifies he will lie when necessary
Man taking part in Portland Heart Walk saved by cardiologists after suffering heart attack
Utah lawmaker wants to bring back execution by firing squad.
Man ticketed for walking next to friends on sidewalk
High school student, 18, sworn in as mayor of North Texas town
Man suffers heart attack on heart walk
Academics gather in U.S. capitol to test their intellectual mettle with a tough question: 'How is Rob Ford mayor of Toronto?'
'Executed' Kim Jong-Un girlfriend reappears on North Korea television - Telegraph
err Who Got Time For dat?
Suspended Cabbie Insists He Has Right To Wear Nazi Armband
Putin Claims 'Gay Nazis' Behind Ukrainian Unrest
Cops: Man swiped BMW left running outside store, but returned for his Neon
Oh my God he gots a knife!
Suspect In Walmart Lug Wrench Attack Says Toddler Deserved To Be Beaten
Nazi Cab Driver Defends Wearing Swastika Armband
Kim Jong-un's 'executed' ex-girlfriend miraculously reappears on North Korean state television
Man Sues Wife for Giving Birth to Ugly Babies
Thousands of weed-eating moths at work on Maui.
Father upset after child finds Muslim book at school fair
Researchers Who Provided Key Evidence For Gluten Sensitivity Have Now Thoroughly Shown That It Doesn't Exist
TIL In 2013 Bosnian soccer fans wanted to support their team in Lithuania, but mistakenly ended up in Latvia
34-Year-Old 'Charite Stevens' Arrested After Pretending to be High Schooler
Art installation at old Domino Sugar refinery honors black workers
Sex change drugs 'to be offered to nine-year-olds'
Wisconsin Dad Gets Restraining Order Against Kindergartner
Why Strapping Oculus Rift onto a Chicken Isn't Totally Insane | Motherboard
Man who was imprisoned for media piracy says prison showed pirated movies
Human zoo hopes to challenge Norway's image on racism
Cyclist Celebrates 1 Lap Too Early, Ends Up Placing 56th in Stage
Japanese Soft Drink Company to Put First Advertisement on the Moon
Japan's 'anti-loneliness' cafe goes viral
NJ woman banned from writing about family on Facebook
Rush Limbaugh wins Children's Choice Book Awards Author of the Year prize
Man arrested for theft, DWI after returning to scene of alcohol run
Man sues for damages worth two undecillion dollars
Cape Coral "off-the-grid" woman thought George Michael's song "Faith" would heal dog, report says.
Mistakenly believing one of them to be gay, two homophobes attack each other on Rustaveli Ave.
Brothel wins award for service to disabled
Man Outraged after Earthquake Knocks Over Action Figures
Missing Malaysian Jet Movie 'The Vanishing Act' Promoted at Cannes
Crazed sheep die 'like heroin addicts'
Oklahoma Sen. Harry Coates arrested in Texas on complaint of driving while intoxicated (X-post from r/oklahoma)
Restaurant Owner Tells 9-1-1 to Send Anyone But Police, "We Don't Allow Police"
Man Sues Almost Everyone For $2,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000
Marijuana helps a toddler
Infamous Dogecoin car to feature in NASCAR 14 video game
Warning: The Literary Canon Could Make Students Squirm
Do We Need This Government Agency? 'Let Me Google That'
'Constipated' man had vibrator stuck in his large intestine
Man with last name 'Cocaine' arrested for drug possession
FIFA head calls Qatar 2022 World Cup a "mistake"
Mom can be banned from ranting on Facebook, court rules
No such thing as a stripper refund
Left scrambles to defend the release of criminal illegals
Study of 1.3 Million Kids Reveals Vaccines Aren't Associated with Autism
Man Developing Oculus Rift for Chickens
In Japan, Boyfriends and Girlfriends Can Declare Their Love with Government Forms
Government form allows Japanese romantics to officially declare their love
Seminole County students hang sign with N-word as senior prank
ATT buys DirecTV for 48.5 Billion
Forget selfies, it's all about #babyeyebrows now
Smarter People Have More Sex, Do More Drugs And Stay Up Later Because It's The Smarter Thing To Do
Charmin Donates Toilet Paper to Buttzville Residents May 2014
Cat brings owner 5gm bag of cannabis...
Neo-Nazi Rapist, Murderer Keith Luke Found Dead In Apparent Suicide
Oculus Rift... for chickens?!
Best booter in history, cheapeast strongest and most qualified.
Turkey mine explosion: PM's aide pictured kicking protester in mining town
Jesus Christ does not hold copyright on works written in his name, German court rules
Bolivian President Evo Morales signed by football club
Turkey mine disaster: aide to PM pictured kicking protester
Adolf Hitler's house could become immigrants' centre
Spanish town Fort Kill Jews to vote on name change
My rivals should be hanged for treason, says Ukip candidate
cheap wedding photography sydney
96-Year-Old Japanese Soldier Found Behind Butch's Beach Burritos
Dogs Sniff Out Prostate Cancer
Exorcism Conference At Vatican Addresses The Need For More Demon-Fighting Priests
Lawsuit Seeks $2 Undecillion (That's 36 Zeroes)
Providence Man Leaves Bar, Notices He's Been Shot
Ex-Student Made Bomb Threat to Keep Drop-Out Secret
Ukip: Arrest people who call us fascists
U.S. to accuse Chinese officials of cyber spying on companies
Women call for Pope Francis to end priests' celibacy vow.
Novel Mocking Literary Prizes Wins Literary Prize
NYC man sues for every penny on earth
New Yorker files world's largest ever lawsuit seeking $2,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, 000,000,000,000,000 in damages over a dog bite
Despite Good Intentions, a Fresco in Spain Is Ruined
The Hottest Team In Baseball Is Stuck In Boston, Wearing Striped Zubaz Clothing
A Manhattan man has filed a lawsuit worth $2,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, 000,000,000 because he was bitten by a dog, and got charged too much for a coffee.
Rapper Macklemore Dresses up in Stereotypical Jewish Outfit at Concert to Perform "Thrift Shop"
Tiredness the main cause of racism, say experts
AUSTRALASIA Thousands of sheep in Australia die from 'banging their heads till they crack open' after eating poisonous plant (x-post r/farming)
Face of the franchise: Fan gets tattoo of owner
Quinnipiac Student Calls in Graduation Bomb Threat to Hide Drop-Out From Family: Cops
Dan Bilzerian's Lawyer Responds to the Porn Star He Threw off the Roof (NSFW)
Andre Agassi admits he hated playing tennis
Traffic sign hacked in SF to warn of Godzilla attack
Sainsbury's shows shoppers how to 'get the slave look' with 12 Years A Slave display mannequin
Australian sheep kill themselves after becoming 'heroin addicts'
Macklemore 'accidentally' dresses as hook-nosed Jewish caricature during secret show
Tortoise runs away from home, travels .5 miles
Turkish PM's adviser goes on sick leave for injury to leg used to kick Soma protester
Limerick security guard assaulted with hot chicken
96-Year-Old Japanese Soldier Found Behind Butch's Beach Burritos in Michigan
Spanish town 'Kill Jews Fort' to vote on name change.
Ten sheep smuggled in passenger car
Toilet Bowl Kills Fan in Violence at World Cup Host Brazil
Macklemore Dresses Up As Offensive Jewish Caricature At Secret Show
Woman calls in bomb threats to keep parents from knowing she dropped out of college
Cyclist celebrates win one lap too early, gets passed by others, finishes 56th.
Woman named Peyton Manning arrested in south Nashville drug bust
[Trigger Warning]: The Literary Canon Could Make Students Squirm
Cyclist celebrates win one lap too early, gets passed by others, finshes 56th
Twitter Signs Amazon Deal to Let Customers Shop by Hashtag
Man suffers apparent heart attack during Heart Walk
Restaurant Responds to Review Requesting Servers 'Show Some Skin' In Clever Way.
Thousands of Toddlers Are Medicated for A.D.H.D., Report Finds, Raising Worries
Macklemore Criticized for 'Anti-Semitic' Costume During 'Thrift Shop' Performance
Ray J Offers Sex Tape Profits To Kanye West & Kim Kardashian As Wedding Present
Should Discomfort Excuse Students From Having to Complete an Assignment?
There's No Good Way to Explain Your Hitler-Obama Analogy
Police: Woman threatened shooting over stale roll
Connecticut Teen Asked Biden To Prom So He Sent Her A Corsage
Daily Mail attacks Cards Against Humanity
Man tried to have sex with ATM, picnic table
Peyton Manning Is A Woman And Got Arrested In A Drug Bust
Pirated movies shown to prisoners in Lorain County prison
Justice Department to File Hacking Charges Against China
Whales can't taste anything but salt
US students request 'trigger warnings' on literature
Swingers to descend on the Brecon Beacons for 'hoedown' party
The case for raising chickens in virtual reality...
Exam stress tackled by bubble wrap and puppies
'We've been turfed out of our wedding venue - by Barack Obama!'
Turkish PM's adviser goes on sick leave for injury to his leg - after kicking a protester
Court Rules Moms Don't Have a Constitutional Right to Rant on Facebook
Police: Local Man tried to have sex with ATM, picnic table
D'oh! The Simpsons are a Jewish conspiracy aimed against Arabs, Egyptian TV alleges
Texas Man Facing Possible Life Sentence for Pot Brownies
California Mayor Sparks Outrage by Telling Bullying Victims to 'Grow a Pair'
University student-athletes trusted to conduct themselves on social media
US charges Chinese with hacking
U.S. announces first criminal charges against foreign country for cyberspying
Networkr Is A Tinder-Style Networking App
Florida Lawmaker Says Common Core Will Turn Kids Gay
Can AOL save the Internet?
Police: Man tried to have sex with ATM, picnic table
Florida Lawmaker: Common Core Will Turn 'Every One Of Your Children' Gay
Biden sends corsage to girl who asked him to prom
City's Plan: Give Homeless Break on Rent
College Wins US Debate Championship By Repeating the N-Word Over and Over, Speaking Incomprehensibly
Could London Host The 2016 Olympics If Brazil Messes Up?
World's first DRINKABLE sun cream goes on sale!
Texas man could get 5 years to life in prison for pot brownies
Evil-Slaying Elf Arrested After Defeating Portland Woman's Car
Families infuriated by 'crass commercialism' of 9/11 Museum gift shop
The Drug-Free Breakfast Rave is New York's Latest Exercise Trend
McDonald's Happy Meal Character Frightens Social-Media Users
Drunk Fish Convince Sober Ones to Follow Them Around
Cat gives its owner 5g of cannabis
Portland "High elf" arrested for using the power of LSD to smite a woman's car
Man in standoff with police makes final demands to negotiator: pizza, mountain dew and chocolate milk
Man Busted For Trying To Have Sex With ATM
Bring back firing squad executions, Utah lawmaker says
Feeling Flirty? You Can Now Request a Facebook Friend's Relationship Status, and Much More
House Painters & Commercial Painting Warrnambool
New App Helps Germans Find Prostitutes
Man files lawsuit for $2,000 decillion (that's 36 zeros) after being bitten by a dog and having his photograph taken by a Chinese couple
APD: Ice Cream Man Gave Child Herpes
Cat drags home bag of cannabis
Police: Man attempted sex with ATM, picnic table at Murfreesboro bar
Should Paid 'Menstrual Leave' Be a Thing?
The Worst Day Of My Life Is Now New York's Hottest Tourist Attraction
Michigan Suburb Tickets People For Swearing, Fine Is $200
McDonald's Happy Meal Mascot Makes People Feel Anything But Happy
McDonald's New Mascot Is a Box With Teeth
There Is Now an App for Prostitution
Life Lock's CEO, who publicly posts his Social Security Number, has had his identity stolen 13 times
Swearing near playground lands Brighton teen $200 fine
Guess what state's legislator actually says its standardized test vendor is trying to make children 'as gay as they possibly can.' Yeah, F.L.O.R.I.D.A.
Ray J To Give Kim And Kanye Porno Profits For Wedding
Everyone Tweeted Deval Patrick's Graduation Speech About Putting Aside One's Smartphone
U.S. Will Spend $24.5M to Circumcise Men in Swaziland
Woman loses 16 pounds after swallowing pill that turns into a balloon
The CIA says it will stop doing fake vaccination campaigns
Obama Caused A Huge Traffic Jam After He Stopped To Play Catch
Disgusting Odors Make People Less Supportive of Gay Marriage
Illinois spending $1,166 per bird to bring in prairie chickens
Police say man attempted to have sex with both an ATM and picnic table
Cystic fibrosis too 'white' for Ottawa fundraiser
Turkish PM's aide given sick leave after kicking mine disaster protester
Murder suspect calls TV station to say he has no plan to turn himself in because he wants to enjoy the summer.
Obese Hawaii inmates complain of weight loss due to prison diet.
Tennessee City Attempting to Criminalize Saggy Pants
Notre Dame Football Fans Can Purchase Stadium Grass for $149.95
Gaming fan (11) uses 'Grand Theft Auto' skills to save grandad
Your Breakfast is Under Assault from Climate Change
JI YEON[지연] "Never Ever[1분1초]" M/V 뮤직비디오
Ubuntu Christian Edition -- Linux For Christians
It's Our Culture to Carry Sticks
Yaya Toure considering leaving Manchester City 'because the club failed to wish him happy birthday'
Yaya Touré Could Leave Manchester City After Club Failed To Wish Him Happy Birthday
Teen's arm reattached after pasta machine mishap
Kardashian Girls File Criminal Battery Report Over Confetti Attack!
North Korea to hold international pro-wrestling contest
HOMENEWSNATIONALRADIOLOG INWEEKLY ADSSUBSCRIBECLASSIFIEDSDIGITALTWT REWARDS O.J. Simpson caught stealing cookies in prison cafeteria
O.J. Simpson caught stealing cookies in prison cafeteria
Police shocked after parents give sandwiches to children at illegal rave
Long day for animals: Parrots seized at airport, not allowed to take flight
In Paris, Bridge of Love divide People
Virtual reality is making farmed chickens believe they're roaming free
Man held after attempting sex with ATM, picnic table
Homicide suspect calls RCMP while on the run
Murder trial is suspended after judge spots court staff having sex.
Peyton Manning, 18, busted on drug charges in Tennessee
WWE CEO Loses $350 Million in a day
Remembering, As An Extreme Sport
Football Team Signs Bolivia President Evo Morales
Gay penguins hatch adopted egg
If You're a Modern Dad, You Might Just Be a Feminist
BBC Sport - Manchester City: Yaya Toure 'angered by birthday efforts'
Man attacks another man for "fucking" a sandwich inside restaurant.
Alligator becomes crime fighting beast as it catches car thief
A horse is a horse of course of course
B.C. murder suspect calls TV station to say he has no plan to turn himself in because he wants to enjoy the summer
Relax, There Isn't A Cannibal Rat-Infested Ghost Ship Headed For The UK
Thousands of dogs, and 3 people, sickened by jerky pet treats, FDA says
UFC's Joe Rogan Kills Mountain Lion Outside Comedy Club
Yaya Toure's Manchester City future in doubt after "the way the club treated his birthday was a joke."
Cat brings bag of cannabis home
TIL Italian soccer club Sampdoria caught a coaching staff of rival club Genoa spying on their training in Rambo-style camouflage
Will McDonald's new mascot scare kids?
Florida high school charging $200 for 'premium' graduation seats
Naked Guy High On Embalming Fluid Shouts 'SURFBORT' in Beyoncé Voice
Teen Faces Life In Prison Over Hash Brownies
Performing crocodile 'injured by portly accountant' in Russian circus accident
Brain implant turned man into passionate Johnny Cash fan
Chipotle asks customers to leave assault rifles at home
McDonald's New Mascot Will Scare Your Children Away from Happy Meals
home invasion turns himself in for Mountain Dew, pizza
GOP Lawmaker: Common Core Will Make 'Every One Of Your Children...As Homosexual' As Possible
Wisconsin Police Reassure Residents They Won't Be Shot at From Military Truck
Woman Somehow Engaged Before Filling Fiancé's Arbitrary Sandwich Quota
Suspect gives up for Mountain Dew, chocolate milk
Australian penguins given stylish jumpers to help with recovery.
Teen caught on video stealing wallet in courtroom, while domestic cases were pending.
Chipotle to customers: Stop bringing guns into our restaurants
Turkish PM's aide who kicked protester takes leave for leg pain
Literature Still Urgently Needs More Non-White, Non-Male Heroes
Florida Lawmaker: Common Core will Turn Students Gay
Tories accuse Wynne of riding a tractor the wrong way
Ontario premier Kathleen Wynne is a terrible tractor driver, Progressive Conservative opposition says
GOPer says Common Core turns kids gay
Bolivian president Evo Morales signs for first division side Sport Boys, aged 54
Texas man, 19, may get LIFE IN PRISON for making brownies with hash oil instead of solid marijuana
High Schooler Punished for Spelling "Back That Ass Up" in Yearbook via Periodic Table Code
Little Leaguers Unimpressed with Barack Obama's Surprise Visit
Duggans seek 'a little' help from modern medicine to see if God has decided they can have a 20th child.
Paris Hilton Ditches Justin Bieber, Is Officially Too Old For This Shit
Duggars visit fertility doctor: 'We would love' more children, parents of 19 say
Joe Biden, teen heartthrob?
Tom DeLay: 'Americans Forget the Constitution Was Written by God'
Drunk Fish Totally Impress Sober Fish, Study Finds
Suge Knight isn't 100 percent sure Tupac Shakur is dead, despite having been the driver of the car in which Tupac was fatally shot.
GM Recall Investigation Reveals Banned Words and phrases, such as "deathtrap," ''widow-maker" and "Hindenburg"
New public art in Centretown park inspired by wrong Jack Purcell
The FBI admits it might have to toke up to fight cybercrime
Man attacks another man for fornicating a sandwich.
Manchester City superstar may leave the team after owners failed to wish him a happy birthday
State Dept. Won't Say If Christian Toddler Jailed in Sudan is U.S. Citizen
Man Proposes Having Only Received 257 Sandwiches
Oculus Rift to party at Chuck E. Cheese restaurants
Hospital fined in stomping death of patient
Pat Sajak: "global warming alarmists are unpatriotic racists"
Kansas City man robs Church's Chicken with samurai sword
Prince Charles wields a big stick
Rick Santorum Endorsed the Judge Who Just Legalized Gay Marriage in Pennsylvania
Schoolchildren beam selfies into space via ESA tracking station
School cancels honors night for being too 'exclusive'
Axl Rose ranked as the 'greatest' vocalist ever
The Vatican's Real Housewives: 26 Women Petition Pope to Let Priests Marry
Desperate college dropout calls in bomb threats to cancel graduation ceremony
Food regulators get food poisoning at own conference
Sea Turtle Crashes Wedding, Photobombs Bride in St. Croix
Wheel of Fortune host Pat Sajak calls climate-change believers 'unpatriotic racists'
Man Issued Ticket For Walking Next To Friends On Sidewalk
Wife outraged when husband who drugged, raped her avoids jail time: 'I was told that I needed to forgive my attacker'
Pat Sajak Says People Concerned About Climate Change Are 'Unpatriotic Racists'
FBI Director: Don't let weed stop you from applying to the FBI
Council OKs $3.7 million for skid row cleanup, 'valet cart storage'
A 32-Year-Old Texas Man Is Suing A Stripper To Get His Harry Potter DVDs Back
Middle School Cancels Honors Night Because It's Too "Exclusive"...
Infamous Club Kid Murderer Cried While Eating a Cronut
Crocodile Injured by Falling Accountant
Jewish Rabbis Have Now Infected 14 Babies With Herpes After Sucking Their Penis
Texas man sues stripper to get Harry Potter DVDs back after finding out it isn't true love [NSFW]
NC looks to stop 'booger' and 'snot' graffiti
'High-elf' battling evil Morgoth attacks Oregon woman's car
High 'high elf' stabs Portland woman's car with sword
Boston College professor assigns students to go on dates - The Boston Globe
Lance Armstrong Played Cards Against Humanity and Got *That* Card
Idaho GOP Governors Primary Debate (May 14, 2014)
Taquito Bandit Terrorizes Northland QuikTrip
The Rocky Horror Satan Show
'Wheel of Fortune' host Pat Sajak calls out 'global warming alarmists' as 'unpatriotic racists'
Miguel Olivo Reportedly Bites Off Chunk Of Teammate's Ear In Fight
Silvio Berlusconi likens himself to Pope Francis
Hero cat to throw out first pitch at Reds minor league game
Teen Faces Life Sentence Over Pot Brownies
Florida nurseries seek piece of pot pie
Voter ID law supporting GOP Arkansas Gubernatorial candidate forgets ID at poll
A man looking for a wife on a TV dating show stunned the host and audience by revealing that he had murdered his first wife and later killed a lover with an ax.
Voter ID advocate Asa Hutchinson forgets Voter ID at polls
Joe Rogan is attacked by a mountain lion and kills it with his bare hands
Olmsted County Man Arrested for DWI in Farm Field
Dodgers prospect Alex Guerrero needs surgery after teammate Miguel Olivo bites his ear
These Virtual Reality Headsets Make Farmed Chickens Believe They Roam Free
Philip Roth Says he has Had his Last Sandwich
Tractor-Trailer Carrying Live Bees Overturns on I-95 Near Philadelphia
Axl Rose is the greatest singer of all time
FBI Director Says He's Having Trouble Recruiting Techies Because They're All Stoners
Handing out Crack Pipes In San Francisco May Not Be Crackpot Scheme
The FBI Is Struggling to Hire Hackers Who Don't Smoke Weed
'Not a coup,' says Thai general on television channel he has seized control of
Chipotle asks customers not to bring guns to its stores
Woman names daughter after her favorite store: WalMart
The Lede: Young Iranians Arrested for Being Too 'Happy in Tehran'
Brain implant made man a Johnny Cash fan
Emotional baby! Too cute!
FBI Realizes They Must Hire Stoners To Fight A Greater Evil
FBI Needs Pot-Smoking Programmers to Fight Cybercrime, So May Bend Drug Rules
A Texas Teen Is Facing Life in Prison Over Hash Oil Brownies
20 million bees swarm after truck overturns, closing I-95 ramp
Newington Teen Asks Joe Biden To The Prom; VP Sends Her A Corsage
FBI Struggles to Hire Developers Who Don't Smoke Weed
Tony Abbott(Australian Prime Minister) caught on camera winking and smiling when confronted over budget by sex line worker (x-post /r/australia)
Women's Prison in Shakopee [MN] Will Finally Get Fence
Wheel of Fortune's Pat Sajak: 'I now believe global warming alarmists are unpatriotic racists'
Millions of bees swarm, close Del. highway ramp
Aldi's Security Guard Shoots Meat Thief After Pepper-Spraying Himself in the Face
Australian Prime Minister winks as sex-line pensioner talks on radio
French rail company orders 2,000 trains too wide for platforms
It Only Took 257 Sandwiches for 300 Sandwiches Girl to Get Engaged
Montgomery County boy upset about haircut skipped school, reported missing
Young Iranians Arrested for Being Too 'Happy in Tehran'
10-year-old chooses traditional aboriginal medicine to treat her leukemia, instead of chemotherapy
Mayor defends 'grow a pair' advice for bullying victims
College class tries to revive the lost art of dating
Jilted lover brings train to halt with bomb hoax
Houston Stripper Sued For Harry Potter DVDs
Women's prison finally gets a fence
Republican Who Backs Voter ID Forgets ID
Cheap Nike Air Max For Sale - Wholesale Air Max Dunk Sb Jordan Shoes For Men Women
OCULUS RIFT COMING TO CHUCK E. CHEESE
Mayor Tells Bullying Victims To 'Grow A Pair & Stick Up For Them Damn Selves'
Tony Abbott caught on camera winking and smiling when confronted over budget by sex line worker
White Supremacist Flip-Flops on George Zimmerman-Says Trayvon Martin's Killer Was Guilty
Man cut in two by train: 'Life is good'
Why does this lawmaker fella, have smokes and stuff around him?
The World's Oldest Cat Is 24 and Eats KFC
US police force pay bitcoin ransom in Cryptolocker malware scam
Jack Purcell Park art honours the wrong Jack Purcell
Teen saves friend from suspected drunken driver, gets hit instead | Local & Regional | KATU.com - Portland News, Sports, Traffic Weather and Breaking News
FBI chief says anti-marijuana policy hinders the hiring of cyber experts
Sydney Biennale, the microscopic world of insect penises
France mistakenly orders 2000 trains which are too wide for its stations
Connecticut dropout made bomb threats to hide status from family
Good news, children! Rush Limbaugh wins Author of the Year
French rail company orders 2,000 wrong trains
John Stamos slams blogger who criticized 'Full House'
Voters advised not to take selfies in polling booths
Iranian Pharrell Williams Fans Arrested For 'Happy' Tribute Video
The Latest Right-Wing Solution For Sea Level Rise: Move Southern Florida
Gun shots heard as sheriff stages news conference on violent crime
Biden turns down CT prom invite, sends corsage
P.E.I. 'treats' Prince Charles to cross-dressing impersonation of the Queen, which is exactly as awkward as you would expect
Dog bite victim sues new york city for more money than there is on Earth
Lasagna Everywhere in S.C. Train Accident
Charles Van Zant: Florida Republican says standardized tests will make kids gay
Cat brings home bag of cannabis
Up to 20 million bees swarm after truck overturns in Delaware
School district apologizes over yearbook quote incident
Florida Lawmaker Warns Common Core Will Turn Children 'Homosexual'
Pat Sajak tweets 'Global warming alarmists are unpatriotic racists'
France orders new trains for 15bn € before realising they are too wide for the network
Man dons Bulletproof best, says "shoot me". Is killed.
The Latest Right-Wing Solution For Sea Level Rise: Move Southern Florida | Blog
More Cheers as Cat Who Saved Boy Throws Out 1st Pitch
Dancing chick strips and masturbates in jail cell, offers sex acts in exchange for release Xpost floridaman
Of Course There's a Gift Shop at the 9/11 Museum
Paid 'Menstrual Leave' For Women: Special Treatment Or A Necessary Benefit? (You've got to be kidding?)
Florida legislator: Common Core advocates are trying to make 'your children' gay
How affairs make my marriage stronger
Substitute Teacher Fired for Asking 4th Graders for Dating Advice
Japan's Kinki University changes its name due to awkward English meaning
Hero cat who saved boy throws out first pitch
Man finds moose calf, so he takes it to Tim Hortons
FBI's weed problem: Agency struggling to hire any hackers who haven't smoked marijuana in last three years
Alleged smuggler charged after officers find 16 birds' eggs in his trousers
Jean-Marie Le Pen suggests Ebola as solution to global population explosion
Barefoot Mexican kids take on San Antonio Spurs, and win
Judges turn same-sex marriage rulings into writing competition
High "High Elf" Attacks Woman's BMW With A Sword
Hero cat who saved boy from dog attack 'throws' first pitch at baseball game - video
A Professor Has Proposed Giving Confined Farm Animals Virtual Reality Headsets
High Elf, High on Acid, Attacks Woman's BMW With a Sword
Iranian Pharrell fans arrested for 'Happy' video
Kiss and you have to tell, says Ipswich Borough Council
Climate Change Grows Increasingly Boring to the Public, Worries Scientists
Paul Rudd Once Tried to Steal Jon Hamm's Prom Date, So They Faced Off in Trivial Pursuit
Man pees in bag on no-bathroom Air Canada Express flight
Kitty litter suspected cause of Los Alamos nuke leak
Jeremy Kyle Show lie detector test applicant granted bail
Jewellery store thief leaves selfie at crime scene after stealing £18,000 worth of goods
A group of Iranian fans who created a tribute to Pharrell Williams' hit song Happy have been arrested.
Buffalo Bills fans pushing Bon Jovi music ban
20 Million Bees Unleashed After Truck Crashes On Delaware Highway
French rail firm ordered 2000 trains too wide for it's stations
Elderly Atlantic City Icon Could Lose His Family Home Of 45 Years To Benefit A Bankrupt Casino
Funeral homes new slogan is YODO (you only die once)
Doctors Say 'Hood Disease' Threatens Inner-City Youth
A mysterious zigzagging light appeared in the sky in Hawaii
Guy No Longer In Love With Stripper Sues to Get Harry Potter DVDs Back
FBI Needs to Hire More Cybercrime Experts, Applicant Pool Is a Bunch of Potheads
GOP Candidate Stopped at the Polls by Voter ID Law He Supports
Man Distraught to Learn Stripper Isn't Actually in Love With Him Just Wants His Harry Potter DVDs Back
Iran 'releases' Happy video dancers
Hero Teen Saves Girl From Drunk Driver, Immediately gets friendzoned.
How Scarlett Johansson and homemade seltzer became an international symbol for the Palestinian struggle in the West Bank.
Man Attacks Car with Sword in Attempt to Slay the Dark Lord Morgoth
Dodgers minor leaguer bites off part of player's ear during game, agent says
Court Orders Woman to Stop Posting About Her Family on Facebook
For Chevron, $6 a day is apparently too much pay for Cambodian workers. Fed up with rising living costs, the workers are striking for a 'liveable wage.'
Woman Challenges Georgia City's 'Ludicrous' Sex Toy Ban
Boy Credits 'Grand Theft Auto' Game For His Life-Saving Reaction In Out Of Control Car
Hard to swallow: the world's first drinkable sunscreen
Grand Theft Auto skills help heroic Charlie save his grandfather's life
Beyonce's sister Solange Knowles is being touted for UFC.
Florida Sheriff's News Conference On Gun Violence Interrupted By Gunshots
Police: Sex crime suspect asked to lick child's feet
Man seeks bail to go on Jeremy Kyle show
Trucker cited after bees escape along I-95 in Delaware
6 Iranians arrested over 'Happy' dance video
Militants of the "LPR" (Luhansk People's Republic) abducted into slavery African students in Lugansk
An Exclusive Interview With the Elf Who Dropped Acid and Jousted a Car
Sex pervert found living in teenage girl's wardrobe
19-year-old faces life in prison over hash brownies
Woman gets totally hot by sickest car woofer stereo
Baseball players ear bitten at kids anti-violence celebration
6 arrested in Iran for making playful video for Pharrell's 'Happy'
Aaron Hernandez may have tattooed himself with clues to his role in 2012 double-muder
Cannabis cat foils purr-fect crime
America's Dumbest Congressman blasts America for being too nice to children
Facebook App Knows What You're Hearing and Watching
Judge dismisses 'poop and scoop' case between feuding neighbours in ritzy Toronto neighbourhood
Deep brain stimulation leads patient to become huge Johnny Cash fan
Swiss court: Nazi salute 'not always punishable'.
Hero Cat Struggles to 'Throw' First Pitch at Baseball Game... Because She's a Cat
Texas woman, 31, arrested for posing as high school teenager
Saudis Sentenced To Prison, Flogging For Celebrating Valentine's Day
Suspect in Buxton home invasion turns himself in for Mountain Dew, pizza
Kosovo's Strong Party election campaign poster is awesome. They posted this on Facebook with Emperor's new clothes tale as caption.
Driverless cars could cripple law enforcement budgets.
Dodger bites off part of other Dodger's ear
Woman files rape case against boyfriend wanting to wed another girl
'Happy' Video Arrests Highlight Tensions in Iran
'Silk Road' the Play Seeks Bitcoin Funding for Edinburgh Fringe Debut
Jailed dancer removes clothes, masturbates while in holding cell
Arizona high school dedicates yearbook pages to pregnant students
A sunscreen you can drink? Colorado company says it's got one; experts aren't so sure
Woman calls police after cat brings home bag of pot.
Stripper asks for her boobs back after Houston client sues her for not returning his Harry Potter DVDs
Truck Crash Releases Millions of Bees in Newark, Delaware
North Carolina police look to stop vandals who painted 'booger' and 'snot' graffiti 20 times
GIFs: Truck Carrying Bees Overturns, Bees Swarm on I-95 On-Ramp
Burger King helped me beat addiction, Robert Downey Jr. says
Dad Unsuccessfully Begs His Girls to 'Let it Go'
Comey: FBI 'Grappling' With Hiring Policy Concerning Marijuana
School That Banned Honors Night For Being Too 'Exclusive' Decides Not To Be National Laughingstock
Izikhothane: The South African Youths Using Designer Clothes as Weapons
Minister of economy blames FIFA World Cup because the airlines withdrawal of flights from and to Venezuela [SPANISH]
I don't know why I did not post that here as soon as I heard it.
Pacific Fleet Claims Garbage Island As US Territory
Shakopee mayor calls for prison fence after inmate escape
'Hero cat' throws out first pitch
Martial Law in Thailand Gives Rise to Selfies
3-Year-Old Boy Remembers Being Murdered In Past Life And Leads Adults To Proof
Kevin Swanson Warns 'This Whole Lesbian Whatever' Has Turned People Into 'Feces-Eaters'
BREAKING NEWS: Godzilla theory "not actual real"
Garry Kasparov Griefed by Flying Penis
Agent Scott Boras: 'Cannibalizing a player is not a part of baseball'
Michael Crockett Jr., 30, agrees to turn himself in for a pizza, a Mountain Dew and chocolate milk.
'Thief' steals bread truck, makes deliveries in his underwear.
Minecraft Medieval e Assassinos Ep 1
Which Supreme Court Justice Should You Masturbate To
Florida Man Cooked to Death in Scalding Shower as Punishment by Prison Guards
9/11 Museum Gets a Restaurant
Rob Ford's Escalade impounded, woman charged with DUI
Photos of Hamster Rear Ends Are Hit in Japan - Japan Real Time
Levi CEO's jeans go unwashed for year; no 'skin disease' yet
PETA Demanding Cancellation of Game of Thrones
U.S. drone-strike policy inflames Senate vote on David Barron
Senate Backs Judge Pick Who Wrote Drone Memos
Fiat CEO doesn't want you to buy their car
GOP House candidate: there's a gay plot to recruit and sodomize your kids
32-YEAR-OLD HOUSTON MAN SUES STRIPPER
Alex James: ducks really lift my spirits
Jean-Marie Le Pen: Ebola Would Solve Europe's 'Immigration Problem'
Miguel Olivo always wanted to be like Mike Tyson
Iran releases Pharrell Williams fans detained for singing hit song Happy
Jean-Marie Le Pen: 'Ebola the Solution to France's Immigration Problems'
FBI struggles to hire weed-free hackers
China museum closed over fake exhibits
YouTube suspends Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott's YouTube account
French railway operator SNCF orders hundreds of new trains that are too big
Fedora bandit robs supermarket.
Naked, dancing, singing man and motorist rubber-necking cited in Darwin road crashes
Jesse's color of the day! Want some daily color inspiration? Look out for Jesse's color of the day! Today's color is 'Jaded Janet' a lovely seafoam brought to you by my ex Janet. Fuck Janet.
The CIA Stops Fake Vaccinations as Real Polio Rebounds
Madrid bullfight suspended after all three matadors gored
Obama Still Can't Throw a Baseball
EXCLUSIVE BREAKING ANALYSIS: Obama Still Can't Throw a Baseball Correctly
VCE authorities apologise for phantom robot on exam - students confused
NC Restaurant With "No Weapons" Sign Robbed at Gunpoint
Tulane Set to Make Blind Long Snapper Aaron Golub a Preferred Walk-on
Craze for hamster bottoms hits Japan
New French Trains Too Wide for Platforms
POLL: Tea Party members really, really don't trust scientists
More Hispanics Declaring Themselves White
The House Science Committee Has Held More Hearings on Aliens Than on Climate Change
Teacher Says 'Higher Power' Told Him To Attack Kid On Skateboard
Teenager tried to take his own life after becoming addicted with trying to take the perfect 'selfie' Alnwick teenager tried to take his own life after becoming addicted with trying to take the perfect 'selfie'
Snowden's First Move Against the NSA Was a Party in Hawaii
Man who kayaked to Canada to escape justice is sentenced
Reporter Finds He's Allergic to Newspaper Ink
Al Green cites Marvin Gaye
50 children play recorders non-stop for 40 minutes on packed NY subway
Cat-hacking Japanese man admits cybercrime guilt
Mayor's Advice to the Bullied: 'Grow a pair'
Man high on acid attacks someones BMW with a sword claiming to be a high elf
Hitler Look-A-Like Cat Mutilated By Group For Looking "To Much Like Hitler"
Why Levi's CEO Says to Stop Washing Your Jeans
CIA to stop using vaccinations as spy cover
Cat brings home owner a bag of cannabis.
Sensible 'joyrider' actually HELPS teenage victm with insurance costs
Thief caught with nothing but the kitchen sink
Everybody, in every position of authority, is totally winging it.
California police claim friendly neighbor was kidnap-rapist
Ron Stallworth, the black cop who went undercover to infiltrate the KKK
71 Are Accused in a Child Pornography Case, including a Rabbi, Nurse(s), and a Boy Scout Leader
MMA fighter taps out instead of beating on opponent
Meet the Black Officer Who Went Undercover as a KKK Member
North Korea artillery fires at South Korean navy ship, and misses
Johnny Rotten will star in Jesus Christ Superstar with members of 'N Sync and Incubus
Man killed wife for making vegetarian dinner
Fiat CEO: Please don't buy our electric car
Backlash escalates against Beer Bacon Music festival
UKIP candidate Peter Lello arrested for 'sex assault' on homeless Bulgarian man
Man Allegedly Beat Wife To Death For Serving Him Vegetarian Food
Gay UKIP candidate arrested over alleged sexual assault on homeless Bulgarian man
"High Elf" arrested for jousting car because the driver was "totally bad-vibing him"
Get slim with raspberry ketones
Baseball player's ear bitten at Salt Lake Bees game honoring kids for anti-violence efforts
Music teacher Paul Smith jailed for sexually exploiting teenager has sentence cut because crimes have "devastated" his own family
France Bought $20 Billion Worth of New Trains That Are Too Big to Fit in the Country's Stations
Newly built bar, Flare, burns to the ground in Kingston, Ontario
Man kills 7-year-old daughter; posts photo of dead child on Facebook
POLICE: MAN STOLE BREAD TRUCK, MADE DELIVERIES
Obama to pitch U.S. tourism at Baseball Hall of Fame
Man comes out 89 cents richer after a year of penny-rounding - Montreal
McDonald's CEO: Fast food leads to 'real careers'
Voter ID-Supporting Candidate Forgets ID, Becomes Latest Victim of Voter ID Law
Rock Hill ice cream truck driver assaulted with fudge bar
Christians, Texans, Hollywood and the Postal Service come together to celebrate Harvey Milk Day
Man named Edward Cocaine gets his drug charge dropped
(X-post r/portland) Woman describes attack by self-identified 'high elf'
Elementary School 'Pay to Potty' Rule Outrages Parents
Teen faces life sentence for selling hash brownies
Molly Ringwald cast in 'Jem and the Holograms' live-action movie
Man in his underwear steals NYC bread truck, makes deliveries, police say
Hero Cat Throws Out First Pitch At Minor League Game
Man says Obama Presidency is Worse Than Losing Home to Wildfires
Louisville police say employees of Chinese buffet were victims of human trafficking
Eminem is named as one of 'World's Greatest Singers' (His above Adele, Lorde and Whitney Huston in the chart)
Crocodile injured by falling ACCOUNTANT in freak circus bus accident
'Mischievous Responders' Confound Research On Teens
Godzilla Good, But San Francisco Must Be Destroyed More Often
Sharyn's Sirens: Daily police and fire roundup
Eminem is named as one of 'World's Greatest Singers' (His above Adele, Lorde and Whitney Huston on the chart)
BASE jumper too drunk to walk out of Snake River Canyon after jumping off Perrine Bridge
Man from Houston, Texas believes he was in relationship with stripper, sues to get his money back
Golden opportunity: Metrodome urinal troughs for sale
Defense Department Refuses to Tell Senate Which Groups We're At War With
Congressmen Defend Repairing Oil Pipes With Trash Bags And Duct Tape
Alberta police seek missing donkey
Polling Booth selfies will lead to fines
Seventh Grader Suspended For Twirling Pencil 'Like A Gun'
9/11 Museum honoring victims with decorative cheese plates
Five extreme-left militants were sentenced to prison on Wednesday for politically motivated and "unfathomable" crimes, after they mistook two Slovak guest workers for Swedish neo-Nazis and attacked them.
Adam Sandler confirms that his movies are just paid vacations
This 9/11 Cheese Plate May Be The 9/11 Museum's Most Tasteless Souvenir
Ice Cream Truck Driver Assaulted With Fudge Bar
Man accused of kidnapping girl treated her 'like a queen,' lawyer says
Miami University Police on the Lookout for Back-Patter
Black cop so good at using racial slurs he accidentally got elected KKK leader
Rob Ford doing 'top notch' in rehab, says woman arrested allegedly driving his SUV
All three matadors gored in opening of San Isidro festival. Event cancelled.
Robber Cuts Himself in Attempt to Frame His Victim, Police Say
Drunk Jennifer Lawrence Pukes, Told To Get it Together by Miley Cyrus
Blind sailor's boat crashes into reef
Used urinal troughs up for bid from Minnesota's metrodome. Own your very own!
Masturbation cuts cancer risk
Model Student Suspended From Georgia High-School After Cryptic Yearbook Quote - Clever
'The bear is loose!' Obama surprises tourists on the mall
Someone 3D-Printed An Entire Wall Of Penises, And It's Actually Quite Impressive
Wyoming considers firing squads - "Prompted by the shortages of available drugs for lethal injections, Wyoming lawmakers are considering changing state law to permit execution of condemned inmates by firing squad."
Unopposed West Virginia candidate left off ballot
Woman ends up in ER after putting Pop Rocks on genitals during sex (VIDEO)
Vicar who preached gays 'destroy' marriage fired for destroying his own marriage
'Narco-Pizzeria' In Argentina Sold Cocaine, Marihuana Putting Them Inside The Pizza
Catholic school principal apologizes for Ellen DeGeneres' photo on invitation
GOP-led science committee has held more hearings on aliens than climate change
Teen claims school's bodysuit ban is about gender identity
Jack White Doesn't Talk To Meg Anymore, Didn't Get Enough High Fives From Her
"The innovation of what America is": US Congressmen on oil well leak repaired with duct tape and a garbage bag
Teen Faces Life Sentence for Pot Brownies
Conchita Wurst caused Balkan floods after Eurovision win, say church leaders
New Japanese cookie claims to make breasts larger
Creation Museum Says It Has the Bones of A Dinosaur That Proves Biblical Flood
I'm An Upper-Middle Class White Girl, But I'm Not Entitled
Nearly Naked Man Steals Bread Truck, Makes Random Deliveries: Cops
Church patriarch: 'God sent Balkan floods because Conchita Wurst is too wild'
Conchita Wurst's Eurovision 2014 win caused Balkan floods, says Serbian Church leader
Conchita Wurst is reason for Balkans floods, say church leaders
China proposes to fund and build high-speed rail line from Beijing to Vancouver
Angry Buffalo Bars Banning Bon Jovi
Harry Potter's Fantastic Beasts is going to be turned into a film trilogy using material from the 54 page book. (x-post r/books)
School Board Member accused of stealing opponent's political signs
Man beats wife to death for serving vegetarian meal
Fantastic Beasts and the art of milking it
Woman attacks boyfriend with family cat, deputies say
Thieves return a baby that was sitting in the car they stole
Gangs bury hatchet, ask to cut grass
China Tianta PTFE open meshes,cooking line,Skived film tapes manufacturer & supplier
Comcast: We Don't Have Caps, We Have 'Data Thresholds'
Fraternity suspended for hazing involving pouring hot sauce on genitals
The Market For Tragedy: 9/11 Museum Gift Shop
New York man steals bread truck, makes deliveries in his underwear, police say | Fox News
Ukraine crisis worsens as Darth Vader stands for mayor
Man uses fudge bar as a weapon.
Burglar Breaks Into Subway, Makes Sandwich
New Kingston nightclub "Flare" goes up in flames 2 days before it's grand opening [pic]
FBI looks to Tucson for illegal butt injectors
71 arrested in New York after net child porn sting, including police chief, rabbi and Boy Scout leader.
Australian public a 'bunch of whingers': MP ～ Unhappy about the budget? Try living like poor Asians.
Ontario man finds baby moose, takes it to Tim Hortons
South Korea introduces women-only parking spaces which are longer and wider
ER Doctor researches all bands at regional music festival
Australian public a 'bunch of whingers': MP
Chile: Giant Santiago condom 'to combat teen pregnancy'
Teacher dresses like Trayvon Martin
Mexican World Cup players banned from eating beef
Teacher dresses like Trayvon Martin in yearbook photo
Tupac swore at cop as he lay dying
New Food Sniffer Will Help You Eat Meat More Safely
Man steals a bread truck and makes deliveries in his underwear.
Brentwood teacher's yearbook tribute to Trayvon Martin causes stir
The Design of Cable Jumper for 2.5G & beyond SFP Optical Interface
Cocaine Sales to Boost Italian GDP in Boon for Budget
Florida Lawmaker Stands By Claim That Common Core Turns Kids Gay
Woman realised it wasn't partner pulling her trousers down in bed when she put hand to his head and he was bald
Airline considers removal of life rafts to save fuel.
Republicans' Attempt To Woo Women At Gubernatorial Debate Fails Miserably
Aide to Turkish PM took medical leave to nurse leg after kicking protester near collapsed mine: report
Slab of metal that vaguely resembles 'iPhone 6' leaks spotted in Romania
Jesus 'would have drunk beer', says priest
European Elections 2014: UKIP says low London turnout is because capital is 'well-educated'
Seoul Launching Longer, Wider, Women-Only Parking
Stunner: Researchers retract paper because company complains it's hurting profits
Solar Panels Drain the Sun's Energy, Experts Say
Guilty of trading seafood and porn with Traffic Court judge
Is Cat Litter to Blame for Nuke Dump Leak?
Snake loose in Halifax apartment, "could harm" babies.
Dennis Rodman, Kim Jong Un team up in new 16-bit shooter
Fiat Chrysler CEO: Please don't buy this car
House Republicans Want to Limit School Lunch Program to Rural White Kids Only
Woman develops Herpes from 'Mayo' on her McDonalds Sandwich
Cat attacked because he looks like Hitler
Insane $25 Million Lawsuit Vs. Johnny Manziel Alleges, Well, Everything
How to Give a Spanking
Bizarre lawsuit alleges Johnny Manziel sent nude hot dog selfies
World's tallest waterslide on hold after test riders allegedly launched into air
Moms paying pros $1,000 to pack their kids for camp
Reporter Kicked Out of 9/11 Museum for Asking a Question Without Permission
Orphaned tiger refuses to answer Vladimir Putin's call of the wild
Italy includes cocaine, prostitution and black market alcohol in GDP figures
President Obama Goes for a Walk, Stuns Tourists
Gastonia Grizzlies unveil tuxedo-themed baseball uniforms
Rent a mansion this summer - for your dog
Police investigate pizza deliveries by drone
Italy will include prostitution and illegal drug sales in their GDP calculation this year to meet deficit targets
Johnny Manziel Psychologically Damages Woman By Allegedly Sending Her Images/Videos Of His Small Penis
8-year-old Scores a Major Victory Over Creationists in South Carolina
Ted Cruz's Father: "The Bible Tells You Exactly Who To Vote For"
Snarky Opera Critics Spark Furor Over Fat Lady Singing
Drug trafficking, prostitution revenue set to boost Italy's GDP result - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
New head of the UK's Police Federation chosen with a coin toss
Saskatoon Road Rage Incident Has Family Considering Move
Indian parents face child abuse charges after sending their 11-month-old baby PARAGLIDING... on her own
The Military Is Shutting Down Its Weather-Controlling Death Beam
7-11 to offer their drinks in mason jars with mustache straws this summer.
Ted Cruz: Senate Dems, Led By Schumer, Want to 'Repeal the First Amendment' This Year
Gun Picture Gets Boy In Trouble
McDonald's CEO Says the Company Pays 'Fair' Wages.
France pays $20 billion for trains that don't fit its stations
Man wearing pig mask and toy bobby's helmet arrested on suspicion of impersonating a police officer
Best Buy to Silicon Valley: Please innovate more!
Deer leaps on top of woman at D.C. bus stop, knocks her out
TUPAC'S LAST WORDS WERE "F--K YOU" TO COP
Hundreds of sheep commit suicide by cracking their heads open after becoming drug addicts
Mum throws son in trash can to teach him a lesson
Climate science is a hoax: Big Oil, GOP, God say so
Thailand to junta: Please change your soundtrack
Novato hiker deemed unacceptably distant from his pants
Student put hand sanitizer in teacher's water
Italian military to provide security for Kim Kardashian - Kanye West wedding
Holland: New Bar Featuring "Halal Prostitutes" to Open in Amsterdam
Tupac Shakur's Last Words Revealed
Tennessee man arrested after attempting sex with an ATM
Cocaine sales, prostitution to boost Italian GDP figures
Baby spa takes the stress out of being an infant
Driver charged with indecent exposure blames pubic wax job
EXCUSES EXCUSES: BMW driver charged with indecent exposure, blames itchy 'manzilian'
Abercrombie Considers Luring Teens With Less Sex, Brighter Lights
Kerry: Obama 'Will Go Down in History' for 'Highest Standards of Transparency and Accountability'
Ugandan Ethics Minister: 'The whites are spreading pornography and homosexuality'
Crocodile injured by falling accountant during circus bus accident in Russia
Uganda's Moral Crusader Simon Lokodo - 'The Whites Are Spreading Pornography and Homosexuality'
Ray Rice and Wife Apologize for His Alleged Assault of Her
Home Alone star to play Rock City in pizza-themed Velvet Underground tribute
New Bar Featuring "Halal Prostitutes" to Open in Amsterdam?
Thank you, parents: restaurant gives couple a 'well-behaved kids' discount
Darth Vader runs for mayor in Kiev, Odessa
Jersey City congressional hopeful: 'Survivor' cop should be fired for being a 'trickster, liar'
Fashion designer creates t-shirt that gives you instant set of double D's.
Bear falls asleep in Vestal tree
Tupac's final words were about what you'd expect
Firefighters rescued man from women's jail in Germany.
Cat Accused Of Attempted Arson
Truck Drives Into River, Driver Blames GPS
French mayor has been castrated and killed by a man who accused him of having an affair with his wife.
"I Have an Appointment With Obama!" - Naked Man Storms White House Checkpoint
World's Poorest Human Rights Record in S. Korea Disclosed
Living Wage Group Searching for Free Labor
Iranian Actress Leila Hatami Could be Sentenced to Flogging for Kissing Cannes Film Festival President
Darth Vader a candidate for Kiev Mayor
Engineers blamed as France orders 1,860 trains the wrong size
'Thugs blinded my cat because he looks like Hitler': Woman claims pet was left for dead in dustbin because it looks like Nazi leader
Chipotle asks customers not to bring guns into restuarants
Chipotle asks customers not to bring firearms to [their] stores
Facebook's New Privacy Mascot: The Zuckasaurus
In Georgia, You Can Carry a Gun, But You Need a Prescription for a Vibrator
Four Orthodox Jewish rabbis and one of their sons were indicted on Thursday on charges of kidnapping Jewish men and violently forcing them to grant divorces to their unhappy wives.
Firefighters rescue man from women's jail
Organic Cat Litter Chief Suspect In Nuclear Waste Accident
LEGOLAND Florida Theme Park Opens 'DUPLO Valley' Expansion
Man collected by rubbish truck after falling asleep in dumpster
Miner Found Alive After 17 Years Underground
Sex offender treatment center located across the street from Scotts Valley Middle School shocks the City
Organic Cat Litter Chief Suspect In Nuclear Accident
Case closed: dinosaur 'proves' bible theory says creationist
Depressed goat ends hunger strike after reunion with donkey BFF
Prosecutor says 'crack hoes' Facebook post was a 'poor choice of words'
7-Eleven using mustaches, Mason jars to make Slurpees hipster friendly
Catholic school principal promises to 'destroy' school dance invitations featuring Ellen DeGeneres
Employee of the Year Uses Dozens of Bomb Threats to Get out of Work
Road-work irony: Traction work on hold because ... crew couldn't get traction
Man claimed toddler initiated sex contact, gets prison
Arby's Is Airing 13 Straight Hours of Smoked Brisket on Television
Ray Rice's wife: 'I deeply regret the role I played in the incident'
Most Popular Free Game on iTunes Apps Store Teaches How to Grow and Sell Marijuana
Rescued calf gets new high-tech prosthetics. X-post from r/farming
Right wing party blames poor London election performance on difficulty appealing to the 'well-educated'
Georgia man will spend rest of his life behind bars for killing cellmate over chocolate candy
7-Eleven has put the hipster to rest.
Bullfight Ends After Unusual Series of Gorings |
Bullfight called off after three matadors gored in Madrid
Indian dentist in US tries to extract 20 teeth at once, kills patient
Serbian church leader claims Balkan floods were caused by Conchita Wurst's Eurovision victory
Mumbai eatery delivers pizza using a drone
Police: Drunk teen wets fellow student's bed, gets head butted
Soccer fan almost missed most important game of the season after tickets eaten by pet dog
More Than 260 People Named Their Babies "Kale" In 2013
Apartment Complex Bans Kids from Playing Outside
New Sailor Moon's Premiere Event Excludes Men - Unless Accompanied by Women
Dear Graduates: Don't Follow Your Dreams (A Commencement Speech For the Mediocre)
Fearing divestment from Israel, Jewish orgs oppose divestment to halt global warming
Old Metrodome men's room troughs proving golden at auction
Memorial Day Weekend Starts With No New Shootings.
This Island In Japan Is In Danger Of Being Overrun With Fat Cats
Witch doctors arrested after albino woman murdered 'for potions' in Tanzania
Chicago's Memorial Day Weekend Starts With Absolutely No Shooting Victims
Analysis: Each party certain other is wrong
What the media isn't telling you about our economy [says Fox News]
22 year old man kills seven college students because girls won't accept his sexual advances.
Wolverine's Wang is 'Hard to Hide' Says Hugh Jackman
Alabama Man Arrested At Alleged Drug Den: "I'm Innocent. Roll Tide."
What the media isn't telling you about our economy
Ron Harper defends himself against an Onion column
Jewish Groups Push Back in Fight for Divestment From Fossil Fuel Companies
North Carolina restaurant with 'no guns allowed' sign robbed at gunpoint
Drunk teen wets fellow student's bed, gets head butted...
Virginia Republicans ban non-Christians/Jews from offering prayers before board meetings.
Anders Breivik enrols for university courses
Anders Breivik Enrolls In University Of Oslo Political Science Courses
Jessica Alba Doesn't Do Nudity Because It Would 'Be Weird at Christmas'
'Please pull your fire alarm' likely a prank call
Second Grader Written Up for 'Seeing' Gun in the Clouds
Georgia man kills cellmate over Reese's cup
Bird Turns Into African Woman
Norwegian artist eats own hip, says tasted of 'wild sheep' [xpost /r/WTF]
Manhattan Man Files Lawsuit Against City, Others For $2 Undecillion
Everyone is totally just winging it, all the time
Party calls for free ice-cream and llamas
Homeless man given a 1000$ dollars by Adrien Broner was assaulted and robbed for the money.
Son finds his lost mother in a Stone Age tribe
Man selling the word 'the' on eBay; gets offers from 43 bidders
Cat beaten because it looks like Hitler
Second Grader Written Up for 'Seeing' Gun in the Clouds Read Latest Breaking News from Newsmax.com http://www.newsmax.com/US/second-grade-gun-clouds/2014/05/24/id/573223#ixzz32jkWRo5J Urgent: Should Obamacare Be Repealed? Vote Here Now!
Springfield police: 2 car crash, 2 drivers hurt, 3 goats fine
Teacher Threatens To Spoil 'Game of Thrones' For Disruptive Class
Wiz Khalifa Arrested for Pot Possession
Can US eliminate invasive species by eating them?
Florida woman shoots at bar pickup as he tries to leave because "things were getting weird"
8 Year Old Kid Uses Crystal Grids to Transmute Negative Energy and Explains How it Works
Bride turns up in ASDA on her wedding day to buy more booze for party guests
Congressman Joe Garcia Claims He Didn't Eat Earwax on Live Television
Sword-wielding 'high elf' high on acid attacks woman's car
Pompano beach firefighter accused of shooting at man in a drunken rage
Online Forum For Sexually Frustrated Men Reacts To News That Mass Shooter May Be One Of Their Own
Kindergarten Career Test In The Works By ACT
Israel uses photo of Korean missiles in scare tweet about Hezbollah threat
Fox News 'Expert': 'Homosexual Impulses' Probably Triggered Calif. Mass Shooting
Mob kills man for 'stealing genitals' in Burkina Faso
Deer Commits Traffic Violations, Norwood Police Officer Files Report
Drunken driver a bit hazy on how he flipped his car
Offspring singer has too many planes, can't buy anymore planes
Martha Stewart has a drone, and she thinks it's 'beautiful'
1200-year-old 'tablet computer' found in ancient shipwreck
Gay pair to adopt children of unfit Catholic parents
Brazil Cancels "Happy to be a Prostitute" Ad
Brazil's "I'm Happy to be a Prostitute" Ads Causing Controversy
Scientists Discover Area Of Brain Responsible For Loving Johnny Cash
MSNBC host tells Nazi concentration camp survivors to check their white privilege.
Fox Contributor Blames Mass Shooting on 'Homosexual Impulses'
Small population in rural Spain votes to change their town's name from Castrillo Matajudios (english: Castrillo Kill Jews) to something else, a mere 391 years after the Spanish Inquisition.
Rugby fan carries out threat to cut off testicles after Wales win
Naked violin player arrested in downtown Portland
Deer strikes pedestrian at D.C. bus stop
'Journalist' Argues In NY Times That Publishing Decisions Should Ultimately Be Made By Government
Spanish 'kill Jews' village votes on name change
Nobody Cares How Awesome You Are at Your Job
'Chocolate King' Poroshenko claims victory in Ukraine presidential poll
Toni Braxton claims her son's autism was God's punishment for abortion, may be due to vaccinations
Kontora Loan Company will accept your soul as collateral on a loan. (x-post from r/todayilearned)
Morocco Adventure Tours | Morocco Jewish Tours | Morocco Tour Packages | Cheap Morocco Vacations - Moroccan Adventure Travel
Would you pledge your soul as loan collateral?
Parents Allege Their Daughters Were Indoctrinated Into A Cult By High School Teachers
No punishment for teacher who made kids 'pay' to pee
To fight police brutality, Albuquerque police promote cop who burned off man's ear
Animals in the wild found to use running wheel if given the choice
Lead singer of the Offspring being sued for buying too many planes
Fox News 'Expert' Suggests Elliot Rodger Went On Shooting Spree Because He's Gay
White House blows cover of CIA's Kabul station chief
Jewish U.S. Congressmen Urge Hungary PM To Reconsider Nazi Occupation Monument
Spanish 'Kill Jews' village to change name
'Kill Jews Fort' village votes for name change
Phallus Palace: "I get a cup of coffee and open up eBay and Etsy. I've bought two or three penises before most people's alarm clocks have gone off."
Can Americans Eliminate Invasive Species by Eating Them?
'Chocolate King' claims Ukraine presidency
3-Year-Old Remembers Being Murdered In a Past Life And Leads Adults To Proof
Saw-wielding man attacks Japanese girl group AKB48
Justin Bieber Grabs His Penis While Walking Around The Cannes Film Festival
16 year old kills cab driver for not taking the correct shortcuts do the destination :-/
Lựa chọn màu sắc sofa như thế nào cho hài hòa
Japanese girl band AKB48 attacked with a saw at a fan event
Phẫu thuật chình hình răng hô không cần niềng răng
Dream of Canadian tropical getaway lives as premier of Turks and Caicos, PM meet
White House mistakenly identifies CIA chief in Afghanistan [X-POST]
Video Tutorials in Urdu & Hindi Like Graphic Designing,Programming,Web Development,Social Media
White House mistakenly identifies CIA chief in Afghanistan
Deaf football team concede 164 goals and finish on -6 points because they couldn't hear referee's whistle
Man Suffers Brain Hemorrhage After Three-Day Gaming Marathon
Rotting Leichhardt shack sells for just shy of $1 million
Drag queen blamed for floods that killed dozens in Serbia, Bosnia and Croatia
Woman, 99, receives degree 75 years late over $5 fee
Director that contributes to company collapse, sends smiley face text to those affected, then shares in $3.8 million gain
Deaf team concedes 164 goals, blames it all on referee
Cyclist goes out for quiet ride and ends up at illegal rave
The kale revolution continues as more babies are named after the cabbage
Deaf football team relegated after conceding 164 goals because they couldn't hear referee's whistle
Local candidate who said she would 'recriminalise homosexuality' fails with 67 votes
Former child star Macaulay Culkin storms off stage at Manchester gig after fan interrupts kazoo solo
Soccer player caught urinating in hotel lobby after cup defeat
Karl Rove: Jeb Bush 'Deepest Thinker on Our Side'
Gloucestershire cheese-rolling champ 'doesn't really like cheese'
Lewis Hamilton not planning to give rival Nico Rosberg more hugs 'anytime soon'
Fifty Shades of Grey could be linked to rise in STIs among over-45s, leading doctor has warned.
Gloucestershire cheese race winner reveals: "I don't really like cheese."
Former child star Macaulay Culkin storms off stage after fan interrupts kazoo solo
Macaulay Culkin storms off stage at Manchester gig after fan interrupts kazoo solo
Norwegian Artist Eats His Own Hip and Says It Was Delicious
Macaulay Culkin storms off stage after fans interrupt his Pizza Underground kazoo solo
Deaf football team concede 164 goals because they couldn't hear referee's whistle
Miami: Man cooked to death in scalding shower as punishment by prison guards. The DOC refuses to perform an autopsy and no one has been charged.
Conference on Internet Freedom - Swedish Foreign Ministry prevents Snowden's invitation
Abercrombie is getting rid of its built models, nightclub vibe to lure back shoppers
Cat That Saved Boy From Dog Attack Throws First Pitch At Baseball Game
Macaulay Culkin storms off stage at UK gig after fan interrupts kazoo solo
Macaulay Culkin storms off stage after fans interrupt his kazoo solo
Australian senator smuggles fake 'pipe bomb' into Parliament House to mock the new security rules
Drug dealer takes selfie with cop cruiser, promptly arrested
Drug dealer busted after posting a SELFIE on Facebook that showed him selling cannabis next to sheriff's car as he bragged how easy it was to get away with the crime
70-Year-Old Looks 30, Reveals Fountain of Youth
Taylor Harrison: Suspected drug dealer arrested after selfies backfire
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare's futuristic weapons include 3D printer gun
Cheese chasing event winner doesn't really like cheese
Calgary woman who put needles in food now wants grocery to pay $8M for shaming her
Spanish town voted Sunday to ditch its centuries-old name, Castrillo Matajudios, which literally means "Camp Kill Jews."
What The...? Tatyana Granada Put Pins And Nails In Food At A Grocery Store. Now She's Suing The Store
Egypt lets voters say 'I love you'
Man holding breath while driving through Oregon Tunnel faints, causes 3-car crash: police.
Man holding breath in Oregon tunnel causes crash
Spanish town to vote on changing name from 'Camp Kill Jews'
Hitler look-alike cat attacked by thugs
Adolf Hitler lookalike cat beaten up and dumped in a Gloucester bin
19-year-old holds breath entering tunnel on U.S. 26: 4 injured; teen cited
Woman convicted of putting needles in food is now suing Co-op for $8 million
Oregon man caused three-car crash by holding breath in tunnel
Pick-up artists explain how they could have prevented the UCSB shootings
David Guetta world tour cancelled after losing USB containing entire set
Calif. law would require cops to return seized pot if charges are dropped
Hundreds of School Yearbooks Recalled After Student Exposes Himself in Group Photograph
David Guetta World Tour Cancelled After Losing USB Containing His Entire Set
Who wants to be a billionaire?
Pop-Up Restaurant Delivers Hot Sandwiches By Parachute
Florida Man Stabs And Kills Friend Over The Last Beer
Charles Bronson coats himself in BUTTER and attacks 12 prison warders because Arsenal won FA Cup.
Man holding breath in Oregon tunnel causes three-car crash
Soccer Club FC Bayern Munich: Too Jewish for the Nazis
After Landslide Victory, Modi Becomes Pakistan's Prime Minister
Man eats own hip, calls it art
Linkin Park Allegedly Call The Cops On Sublime With Rome For Smoking Weed
The brave new world of DIY faecal transplant
Teen holds breath in tunnel on U.S. 26; 4 injured
Fairtrade coffee fails to help the poor, British report finds
Police: Driver holding breath in tunnel faints, causes crash
Police: Teen driver said he held breath in Oregon tunnel, fainted and caused 3-car crash
Man Blames Cat After Home Fills Up With Natural Gas
Officer remembers 2pac's last words...'Fuck You.'
News media: Isla Vista slayings -- Community growing weary of news media
Poop-Hunting Crocodile Robot Dodges Hippo ... for Science!
Japanese artist cooks his own genitals, charged customers $250 a plate
Australian PM winks as pensioner says she works on phone sex line to make ends meet - video
Turks and Caicos premiers "not closing the door" on Canadians dreams
Man holds breath in tunnel until he faints, causes 3-car crash
Ga. teen drowns after being tied to shopping cart, pushed into lake
German Hipsters Not Winning Any Friends in Berlin
Central VA Recognized for Gas Station Fried Chicken Options
Find LED Projector Light JRF1-18, Single Color, New Design LED Light, Led Projector Light, Led Light on en.OFweek.com
Fifty Shades of Grey effect leading to rise of STDs in older couples
Doctors report rise in hand makeover requests for engagement ring selfies
teen faints while holding breath driving through tunnel, causes head-on crash
100 Cars Stuck On Beach, Some Flooded, When High Tide Hits
Artist Claims To Have Eaten Own Hip, Says It Tasted Like 'Wild Sheep'
Parents Embrace The Walking School Bus
New "Windows 8.1 with Bing" SKU announced
Muslim groups declare 'jihad' on Cadbury, claim wider agenda to weaken faith
10 year old boy released from kidnapper for singing a gospel song for 3 hours.
Paralyzed man raided by SWAT, sentenced to 25 years for possessing his own medicine
"Luhansk People's Republic" declares war on "Donetsk People's Republic"
Relegated deaf football team blame not being able to hear referee's whistle
British cops blast 'Sound of da police' as they drive patrol car around town
Elderly Chinese people committing suicide before end of the month to avoid province's looming ban on burials
Ex-marine who was cleared of torching Andy Carroll's car spotted having sex with a BMW
Russian crocodile hospitalized after woman falls on&nbsp;it
Russian crocodile hospitalized after woman falls on it
We Got A Look Inside The 45-Day Planning Process That Goes Into Creating A Single Corporate Tweet
Bodies buried in backyard don't deter home buyers in London's hot real estate market
Inmate Charles Bronson 'covered himself in Lurpak and fought 12 guards' after Arsenal win
Charles Bronson 'smeared himself in butter before taking on 12 prison guards' - because Arsenal won FA Cup
Russian circus crocodile hurt by falling accountant.
Former head of Oxfam's counter-fraud unit has been jailed for defrauding the charity out of nearly £65,000
Charles Bronson 'smothered himself in butter' and attacked 12 prison guards because Arsenal beat Hull at Wembley
Spurs fan and Britain's most dangerous prisoner Charles Bronson, 61, 'smears himself in butter before taking on TWELVE officers after Arsenal win the FA Cup'
Tyrese Gibson Smack Talks Shreveport
An Anonymous Rich Person Is Hiding Money All Around San Francisco
Rolf Harris Sings Jake The Peg And Imitates Didgeridoo To 'Bemused' Jury During Sex Trial
Leader Of Anti-Semitic Party In Hungary Finds Out He's Jewish : NPR
New NZ political party to farm Reddit karma unmercifully.
Rolf Harris sings in witness box at indecent assault trial
Rolf Harris sings Jake The Peg in court
Macaulay Culkin pelted with pints of beer as tour from hell continues
Military Plans To Test Brain Implants To Fight Mental Disorders | WBUR & NPR
Mad World NewsJihadi Workplace Accident: Suicide Belt Detonates At Terrorist Pre-Party
Norway: Man eats own hipbone for art project
WATCH: Depressed goat ends hunger strike, jumps for joy when reunited with friend
Pay-to-potty: Teacher's bathroom policy causes accidents, outrages parents
Mark Zuckerberg summoned to iranian court for privacy case
Diet Sodas Better For Weight Loss Than Water, Concludes Study Paid For By Soda Industry
Trust your doctor, not Wikipedia, say scientists
Christopher Lee releases heavy metal album inspired by "Don Quixote"
Grizzly attack ends when beast bites bear spray cannister
Man in Pig Mask Arrested for Impersonating Police Officer
BBC News - Trust your doctor, not Wikipedia, say scientists (xpost from TIL)
Man holding breath in tunnel passes out and causes three car crash.
Offspring Singer Has Too Many Planes, Can't Buy Any More Planes
Mike Anderson was sentenced to 13 years in jail, but the police never came, got married and had 4 kids instead.
Gun Activists Flaunting Assault Rifles Get Booted From Chili's and Sonic.
Bethlehem church catches fire after pope's visit
Some neighbors upset with Portland's planned naked bike ride
Lawyer cites 'culture' to defend man charged with beating his wife to death
Teen Causes 3-Car Crash While Holding Breath Through Tunnel
Norwegian Performance Artist Eats His Own Hip
Twitter to Release All Tweets to Scientists
Iranian judge summons 'Zionist director' of Facebook Zuckerberg for breach of privacy
Newly discovered mushroom turns out to be sex toy
Man sues New York City for more money than there is on earth after a dog attacked him
Joe the Plumber to Shooting Victim's Dad: 'Your Dead Kids Don't Trump My Rights'
Woman forced to deliver baby in standing position, new-born hits floor and dies
Man who brought tiger to bar charged with reckless conduct.
AP News : Crossbows recalled that may shoot unexpectedly
Can the US eliminate invasive species by eating them?
Licensed Dentist Attacked for Charging Too Little
Health Department Confirmed Semen found on McDonald's Mayonnaise
Chicago Coffee Legend Jim Karr Killed by Falling Coffee Machine [x-posted from r/coffee]
Oklahoma City gun range cafe's liquor license approved by city council
Arby's franchise owner wins approval for whites-only restaurant in Spring Hill
Economic Slowdown Could Be Linked to Rise in Obesity Rates
It's Time to Abolish the Week
Brazil creates larger-than-life testicle mascot to promote cancer awareness
Candidate Who Fathered Child at 16 Opposes Sex Ed in Schools
Pepsi says "Oh Yes Abhi!" to Young Talent at IPL
Macaulay Culkin's pizza-themed band pelted with beer, booed off stage
Christian Broadcast Network founder, Pat Robertson, instructs women of all ages, including his co-hostess, to sexually gratify their husbands for helping to do things in the home that Robertson says men are not actually supposed to be doing, like washing dishes after meals.
Industry-funded study says diet soda helps you lose weight
Lady Pundits Refuse To Appear On TV Because Their Hair Is Too Dirty
Illinois cupcake bill fails, kids must have special kitchen to sell baked goods
Knight Science Journalism runs bogus story about CNN running bogus story about asteroids.
Slim fast with garcinia
'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson to address Republican Leadership Conference
Joe The Plumber: 'Your Dead Kids Don't Trump My Constitutional Rights' To Have Guns
John Berg, Blind Sailor, Successfully Sails From Mexico To Hawaii, Only To Crash On Arrival
World's Richest People Meet, Muse On How To Spread The Wealth
Feeling Down? Dial the Hall and Oates Hotline
Goat Ends Hunger Strike after Reuniting with Best Friend [x-post r/AnimalsBeingBros]
Tiger Photos Roam Wild on Online Dating Sites
Iran judge summons Facebook CEO to court
Teen holds breath in tunnel, causes three-vehicle crash.
Jihad declared on Cadbury
Man sues stripper for $2,000 and Harry Potter DVDs : News : NorthwestOhio.com
Man sues stripper for $2,000 and Harry Potter DVDs
Man Holding Breath Through Tunnel Faints and Causes Head-On Collision in Oregon
Brits are injuring themselves chasing cheese down a steep hill
Deer smashes into Highland Park home
Mercedes promo shoot at Germany's training camp ends in car accident that injures two people.
Chicago Coffee Legend Jim Karr Killed by Falling Coffee Machine - Roscoe Village
The moon officially has faster broadband speed than rural Ireland.
Cupcake bill goes up in smoke in the legislative oven
Cadbury Must Pay For Blood Cleansing
This Law Student Will Bang Your Boyfriend If You Mess With Her Stuff
Electric Daisy Carnival (EDM festival) Prompts Amber Alert for "Molly"
Send gay Brits to work in Russia, former BP boss says
Heidi Klum's bra stolen by magician!
Mike Anderson: The convicted criminal authorities FORGOT to send to prison - free for 13 years, now going to jail.
Gay dad's brain acts like mum and dad
Newspaper Disappointed to Discover Witch Might Be Prostitute
Woman Arrested After Baby Found Living In Trunk Of Car For More Than 1-Year
Public campaign raised to make Kanye West run for Mayor of Chicago
A Deer Fell from the Chicago Sky onto a Moving Car
Avast Anti-Virus Forum hacked, Login Credentials of 400,000 users compromised
Black Man tricks his way into the KKK
Why online games turn players into psychopaths
Russia Launches Alternative to Eurovision After Drag Queen Wins
Grand Canyon Officials Want To Evict Bison From Park
South Korea introduces female-only parking spaces - they're larger, with pink outlines and a miniskirt logo
RBC: Homes becoming less affordable as prices rise
The Spanish Village "Kill Jews" Has Decided to Change its Name
Teens Get Criminal Charges After Food Fight On 'Taco Day'
No joke! Oculus Rift headset for chickens may soon become a reality
Macaulay Culkin's Pizza-Themed Velvet Underground Cover Band Booed Offstage in U.K.
Cops: Serial 'Tickler' Breaking into Boston College Students' Homes
Son of late Ky. snake handler recovering from bite
State Police: Neighbor fatally shot over plate of food
Darth Vader refused right to vote in Ukraine
Darth Vader takes on champion boxer and loses
BBC mauled for ruling 'girl' is offensive word
Oregon driver who held his breath in tunnel faces criminal charges
Wall Wawa Wally Goose on loose
3-Year-Old Claims To Remember Who Killed Him In Past Life, Leads Police To Body
Joe the Plumber: 'Your dead kids don't trump my constitutional rights'
Bashar al-Assad posts a letter of support from a Virginia state senator
Missouri Says It's Not 'Cruel and Unusual' to Jail Man 13 Years After Forgetting to Do So
Nobody Wants To Host The 2022 Olympics
BBC Ban The Use of The Word 'Girl'
Peanut the Panda Cow
White House gathers DNA when preforming vaccinations "Injects stealth cancer viruses"
Gun Range Will Serve Alcoholic Beverages
Pat Robertson says husbands who do dishes should be rewarded by their wives with sex
How 'dark social' sharing could upset the social media establishment
School cancels Honors Night because of its 'exclusive nature'
China tries to make artificial lake, fails and creates desert instead
Depressed goat ends 6-day hunger strike after reunion with donkey BFF
Wrong number directs Ontario voters to apparent phone sex line
an $18m maple syrup heist
No beer for Oktoberfest? Utah board gets tough on liquor permits
A "Serial Tickler" Is Breaking Into Boston Homes And Terrorizing Students' Feet
2 charged in $18M maple syrup heist
Thailand Military Chief Tells Reporters to Ask Easier Questions, Cheer Him On
Coup chief "requests" easier questions
Teens Use Cracked Smartphones As Status Symbol | On Air Videos
HOT GIRLS TWERKING ON OMEGLE!
Stupidity at its finest: Daily Mirror writes that UCSB shooter "turned to creatine to drown his feelings".
Norwegian Artist Claims To Have Eaten Own Hip, Says It Tasted Like 'Wild Sheep'
Pablo Escobar may be long gone, but his hippos are still a big problem for Colombia
Serial Killer Elliot Rodger was Reportedly "Hooked on Creatine, A Bodybuilding Supplement"
This Handwritten Note Might Be Worth $10,000
eBay user puts handwritten 'The' up for sale attracting bids of over £50
Police quiz teenager for throwing CUSTARD PIE at teacher on last day of school
Chinese elderly commit suicide to avoid coffin ban
Friend tells how 'virgin killer' turned angry after getting addicted to body-building drug creatine in his quest to attract women
Police: Conversation over Bret Michaels leads to "violent episode" at McFarland restaurant
Iran judge summons Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to court
Man Wearing Skinny Jeans Has Penis Removed
Elderly commit suicide to avoid coffin ban
Why are all mass murderers Democrats?
Kerry Tells Snowden to 'Man Up' and Come Home
South Korea thinks women are worse drivers, creates super-sized female parking spaces
video surveillance can also give you piece of mind by allowing you to monitor your home
'Sexist' bike helmet laws mean too many bad hair days, says cyclist Sue Abbott
'Friends' actor David Schwimmer helps police in stabbing case
SERIAL TICKLER BREAKING INTO BOSTON COLLEGE STUDENTS' HOMES
Deer dies after crashing into Cohasset home
Comically bad dancer blames racism after she's pulled from dance floor at African festival
SEX CAMS AT NASA & LIBRARY OF CONGRESS, ANTI-PIRACY OUTFIT SAYS
Pedestrian Hit by Flying Buzzsaw in Midtown Manhattan | NBC New York
Video:What to Look for When Buying a Plasma TV
Comic Relief charity ends investments in arms, tobacco and alcohol.
Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey, who has created a budget that will send University Fees soaring past $150,000 protested in 1987 against uni fees being $250 instead of free.
Flying buzz saw injures NYC pedestrian
Nun celebrating 100 years with peanut butter
Washington NFL Team: Using a Racial Slur For Our Name Is Respectful of Native Americans
Son of Late Snake-handling Pastor is Bitten by a Rattlesnake
Schoolgirl blamed by Elliot Rodger for hatred of women doesn't remember him
Judge questions why 'only the boy' is charged in underage sex case
Study Funded By Soda Industry Concludes Diet Soda Helps People Lose Weight
Joe the Plumber's letter to families of the victims in California "Your dead kids don't trump my Constitutional Rights"
Macauley Culkin's pizza inspired velvet underground tribute gets booed off stage.
Here's Why A New Jersey Democrat Wants Chris Christie To Declare A Second Valentine's Day
Stephen Hawking unveils formulae for England World Cup success
Smile for your mugshot! Cops nab would-be iPhone thief who sent a selfie to his victim's mom, officials say
Malaysian Muslims declare jihad on Cadbury over pork-laced chocolate
Serial Tickler is Terrorizing Boston College Students
Corey Crawford Under Investigation For Water Bottle Battery
CNN retracts story that giant asteroid will destroy Earth on March 35, 2041
The American Psychiatric Association Makes It Official: 'Selfie' is a mental disorder.
Couple Hit by Driver Who Passed out While Holding His Breath in a Tunnel for Good Luck
Sheila Vogel-Coupe, 85, is Britain's oldest escort
Left Labels Pro-Life Supporters "Tennessee Taliban"
One Direction Members Smoke Weed
PR stunt for video game Watch Dogs sees bomb squad called to Ninemsn offices in Australia Square
DailyFail: 'Virgin killer' was addicted to mood-altering body-building supplement
Nikki Benz for Mayor? Toronto-Born Porn Star Poised To Go Up Against Rob Ford
BBC Sign interpreter sacked for 'changing the news'
Police Captain in charge of investigating campus sexual assaults fired for taking photos of unsuspecting women
From a crack addict to a porn star: Latest bizarre candidate launches her bid to become Toronto mayor and replace disgraced Rob Ford
Fantastically Wrong: The Poor, Misunderstood Hyena Can't Help That It Has Weird Sex | Science | WIRED
This Town Built a Memorial to the Wrong Guy
IBM Branches Out Into Condiments
The headphones designed for watching porn
Library throws away old books.
Stephen Hawking has a theory on how England can win World Cup
World's Tallest Waterslide Delayed After Testers Go Airborne
Put a (doughnut) ring on it: Man proposes to girlfriend at Tim Horton's drive-thru
Mom of drunken baby says water bottle filled with vodka to blame
CNN tricked into reporting the end of the world
Drunk Man Sinks His Own Boat
Lukashenka promises "serfdom" in villages
Teen charged after bullying incident in Friendship
Men arrested trying to sell 20 kgs of cosmetics behind strip club
The Moon is Now a Wi-Fi Hotspot
Scaffolding Is 'Kiss of Death' for Business, BLT Fish Says
Men's Rights Activists demand equal sexual harassment
Calgary woman who put needles in food now wants grocery store to pay $8M for 'shaming' her
Indian court asked to rule on whether Hindu guru dead or meditating
Underage Smoker (20) Shoots Bodega Workers With BB Gun After He's Denied Cigar
Gwar Aim to Open 'Gwar Bar' and Serve 'Gourmet Junk Food' in Richmond
Burlington: A hotbed of pizza and jewelry
De Blasio Moves to Lift NYC Ferret Ban; Giuliani the Ferret-Hater Doesn't Even Care Anymore
A Canadian family just spent a year living like it was 1986 - mullets and perms included!
Google Earth finds woman trapped on a deserted island for 7 years
Professor of the year, "If you don't give me any of your shitty papers you get an A"
Pregnant Pakistani woman stoned to death by her family members
Riot police in Brazil greet bow-and-arrow wielding indigenous protesters with tear gas.
A Man Ordered A $54 Sexagintuple Vanilla Bean Mocha Frappuccino, The Most Expensive Starbucks Drink
Tabby named Puddy Cat and owner defrauded of $450K, prosecutors say
Wisconsin woman accused of stealing her cats back from the Humane Society
Christopher Pyne suggests collecting HECS debts from dead students as way to help budget Read more: http://www.smh.com.au/federal-politics/political-news/christopher-pyne-suggests-collecting-hecs-debts-from-dead-students-as-way-to-help-budget-20140528-394rx.html#ixzz33336Ph46
Leggings are not pants, Qatar warns tourists
Former NFL Star Aaron Hernandez Pleads Not Guilty in Murders Over Spilled Drink
Domino's giving away 20,000 free pizzas today because the Phillies suck
A New Study on Slut-Shaming Finds That Rich Girls Are the Worst
Start the woking day with a rave at 6am
Student throws tantrum after teacher rejects late assignments
Virginia state Senator Richard Black praises Syria's Bashar Assad
Divorcing man wants kidney back after wife cheats
Christopher Pyne suggests collecting HECS debts from dead students as way to help budget
Oldest known petrified sperm found
Scientist's plan to end tornadoes would have 100-mile giant wall in Texas
How to get motivated for work
John Kerry tells fugitive Edward Snowden to 'man up'
PETA Tries To Pretend Dairy Products Have Something To Do With Autism
McDonald's radical new weapon in the breakfast wars: "We actually cook our food"
Secretary Of State Kerry Offers Snowden A Flight If He Wants To Come Home
Woman eats pair of 72-ounce steak dinners -- in less than 15 minutes
Man in underwear steals NY bread truck, makes deliveries police say.
Students at Utah school upset that yearbook photos were edited to cover up "porn like" qualities such as bare shoulders.
Dead Indian Guru Put in Freezer for 'Deep Meditation'.
Bill Murray Crashes Bachelor Party, Bestows Amazing Advice
Could Therapy Culture Help Explain Elliot Rodger's Rampage?
Boy sings gospel song until kidnapper snaps, sets him free: 'Every praise is to our God'
Everyday workers deserve wage hike
Nikki Benz gets rough ride registering to run for mayor
'Tickler' on the loose near Boston College breaks into students' homes to tickle their feet: report Read more: 'Tickler' on the loose near Boston College breaks into students' homes to tickle their feet: report
'Tickler' on the loose near Boston College breaks into students' homes to tickle their feet: report
Lida Daidaihua For Quick Body Reshape
President Obama's post-Armageddon press conference | Communities Digital News
Something is seriously wrong on the East Coast and it's killing all the baby puffins.
Dead or just meditating? An Indian court to decide
Male student named Connecticut school's prom queen
Fan claims hockey player sprayed water on him and now his eyes are messed up
Bouncy castle soars into the sky, injuring 3 children
Athletics Canada Partners With Hershey's to Market Candy to Kids
Google Admits It Hires Too Many White Dudes
Woman claims she was kicked out of African Arts Festival because she is white
Google: We're building car with no steering wheel
Burn Victim Douses Self With Slurpees at 7-Eleven
Rich Swiss couple robbed churches "for thrills": police
Cynicism linked to greater dementia risk, study says
Corey Crawford investigated for allegedly spraying Kings fan with water
Students upset to discover yearbook photos were altered to show less skin
Gruff justice as Billy is demoted
New baby-naming app helps parents avoid stripper names
I had sex with an 80 year old woman! It was actually amazing but her JUNK tasted like 80 year old CHICKEN!
Utah High School Photoshopped Students to Make Yearbooks Less Sexy
Malaysia Airlines jet MH370 pings 'may have come from searching ship'
Shaving a students armpits "Part of the curriculum", says teacher.
Mother wants answers after teenage daughter's armpits were shaved by teacher.
Minnesota dumps 1,175 laws from the books. Opt to keep law requiring the Agriculture Commissioner to personally hunt wild boar.
Queensland man with giant scrotum seeks surgery in US
120-kilogram (265lbs) woman vs Crocodile. Result: Crocodile Injured.
Weblok is online exchange directory.You will be grow your business with the weblok.Here Your give advertisement for your business.http://weblok.co.in
Mining mascot gets raked over the coals
Online gifts store for men
Moon has faster broadband speeds than most UK homes
Watch Dogs video game stunt gets bomb squad called to Sydney website
BBC now bans the use of the word "Girl" for being possibly "sexist".
Professor Hawking predicts England's top World Cup scorer
Brazilian man goes under the knife to look Korean
Scientists have found the most efficient way to hold and eat a hamburger
Man with inverted penis may have to pay €74k to stop watermelon sized scrotum getting any larger
Iggy Azalea Is As Big As The Beatles
Conversation about Poison lead singer Bret Michaels led to violent episode.
Important Study of Porn Inconclusive, Researchers Need More Time to Study Porn
Britain's hardest prisoner furious at Arsenal's FA Cup win, attacks jail guards
Girl Elbowed Boy In Testicles For Laughing After She Farted During Sex On School Bus
Mario Kart 8 DLC Confirmed for Japan With Free Mercedes Car
PORN STAR BELLE KNOX WILL FILM A SCENE WITH THE WINNERS OF THE SEX FACTOR
Gwyneth Paltrow Compares Her Dehumanizing Internet Experience To War
30 PERCENT OF WORLD IS NOW FAT, NO COUNTRY IMMUNE
Boston tickler breaking into sleeping student's homes and tickling their feet hunted by cops
California city votes to end hot sauce dispute
shuffleboard tables for sale
Coffee guru Jim Karr crushed to death by falling coffee machine
Drunk BBQ crasher lassoed by cowboy after shooting
Man Steals Human Skin From Hospital
Sorry I did not sensor all the arms.
Residents baffled as workmen resurface only half of road
Rick Santorum And Pat Robertson Lecture Republicans On How To Win Elections
Comcast CEO Ignores Reality, Says U.S. Internet Quality Is A-OK
Cop Shoots at Teen Couple After Finding them Kissing in a Car
Michael Grimm goes an entire interview without threatening a reporter
The Military Is Building Brain Chips to Treat PTSD
Vandal of flags at veterans' gravesites turns out to be groundhog
Man drives into Susquehanna River using GPS device
American Teens Are Becoming Even Wimpier Than Before
Local high school listed for sale on Craigslist
MG Limo is an experienced company which can make your travel exotic.
Man Accused of Stealing Human Skin From Hospital
D.C. Wanted a House of Cards Shoot. Instead It Got a House of Cards Plot.
French town protests to demand McDonald's restaurant
Woman kills toddler while reenacting story of Abraham
Italian FA confirms Lazio youth player Joseph Minala is 17 and not 42
'Hurts like heck': Thief swipes officer's coat, medals from 94-year-old World War II veteran
10-year-old sings gospel song to overcome kidnapper in Atlanta
Diet soda better for weight loss than water, according to study funded by soda makers
Bond set for woman accused of threatening to 'shoot down' restaurant over cinnamon bun
Paul Ryan Can't Figure Out Why People Keep Mistaking Him For Anthony Weiner
9/11 Museum Removes 9/11 Cheese Plate From Gift Shop
'Oh My Jesus!': Gun Violence Interview Gets Up-Close Example (shots fired during gun violence interview
Entire Senior Class Denied their Diplomas for throwing their Graduation Caps in the Air
Commission says nothing can be done about neighbors' noisy, smelly chickens
Paul Ryan on being mistaken for Anthony Weiner: 'I don't know how this keeps happening'
Tila Tequila banned of facebook for 30 days after confessing to nazi-sympathies
'Oh My Jesus!': Gun Violence Interview Gets Up-Close Example
Mississippi, home to federal government's official stash of marijuana
Indian court asked to decide whether Hindu spiritual leader is dead or simply meditating. He died in January, but his followers insist he is still alive and have refused to hand over his body for cremation.
Italian FA confirms that the Lazio player is 17, and not 42
Islamic Suicide Bomber Trainer Accidentally Blows Up His Entire Class
Maya Angelou cancels public appearance following own death, Fox News reports
10th-grader admits to murdering parents because they took away iPod
Chicago's 103rd Floor Skydeck Cracks During Family's Frightening Visit
Beaufort resident says neighbor casting spells.
In response to California Shootings, Glenn Beck re-aired a sketch arguing that women are not raped as often as studies have shown.
Chicago Blackhawks' Corey Crawford finds himself at centre of tempest in a water bottle
Serial Tickler Terrorizes Boston College Students
LAPD probing alleged Crawford incident involving fan
Superintendent gets DUI followed by School Board violating sunshine laws disallowing public from meeting.
Charles Bronson 'smothered himself in butter' and attacked 12 prison guards because Arsenal beat Hull in the FA Cup Final
Family Research Council Official Ken Blackwell Links Eliot Rodger Mass Shootings to Gay Marriage
Florida woman accused of killing 2-year-old while re-enacting Bible story
Don't hide dead bodies in the toilet, British Airways cabin crew warned in BBC documentary
Top academic claims Britain has "underground network" of 15,000 vampires
Our Best Bet for Colonizing Space May Be Printing Humans on Other Planets
Drugs and prostitution to be included in UK national accounts
Obama Defends Controversial Policy of Not Invading Countries for No Reason
Academic in Wales claims UK has 'subculture' of 15,000 vampires - and launches academic study to assess their 'satisfaction with life'
Britain has 'subculture' of 15,000 vampires, says university lecturer - Telegraph
Deer crushes car after it 'fell from the sky'
Britain has 15,000 vampires, claims psychologist
Check Out This Underwear With Pockets So You Can Stash Stuff
Teen girls gang raped and hung from tree in India
Texas city accused of demolishing wrong home... again
SnapChat CEO's Emails Didn't Disappear, Come Back To Shame Him
Libya apologises for detaining UN officer on suspicion of black magic
Man holds up Florida bank using a stick
Driving lesson ends in Water Works pond
'The Weed Fairy' visits Seattle, gives out pot
Yale Poll: Americans Much More Worried About 'Global Warming' Than 'Climate Change'
Washington Post on the new Reading Rainbow: fostering a love of books is "luxurious", instead programming needs to be directed toward phonics and reading fundamentals.
Americans care deeply about 'global warming' - but not 'climate change'
Houston Mayor Forces All to Open Girls Rooms to Men
Porn star Nikki Benz running against Rob Ford for Toronto mayor
Eric Stonestreet and Kiss in Twitter tiff about Stonestreet's mom
Man accused of stealing $350,000 worth of human skin from hospital
NJ man charged after incident involving motorized beach cart and 'melees with at least 5 people'
New Dairy Queen Proves New Yorkers Love Waiting in Line for Food
9/11 Museum Yanks Commemorative Cheese Platter After Outrage
Pakistani man protesting 'honour killing' admits strangling first wife
This Dinosaur Skeleton Proves The Biblical Flood Happened 4,300 Years Ago, Creation Museum Says
Siberian fisherman accidentally nets 4,000-year-old pagan god
Keeping the tricks out of treats
This WWII vet receives VA benefits after 68 year wait
Husband Of Woman Stoned To Death In Pakistan Killed First Wife
Skinny People Make Overweight People Unhappy, New Study Finds
Serial Foot Tickler Terrorizing Students at Boston College
Chicago Sear's Tower SkyDeck Cracks Under Tourists By Design
Police: Man wanted to be arrested instead of facing mad mom
16 yo admits to parents' brutal murder for taking away iPod
Woman kills two year old after hearing a sermon referencing Genesis 22 (God tells Abraham to sacrifice his son). She states that unlike the in the bible, God never told her to stop. (x-post /r/news)
9/11 Museum gift shop nixes cheese plate, changes souvenir vetting process
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford's Mayoral Candidacy is being Challenged... By a Porn Star!
Plane-noise protesters fear not being heard
Old people orgy in Charleroi: 7 dead
Man Sets New Record For Most Expensive Starbucks Drink Order Ever
Soccer Player Accidentally Exposed In School Yearbook Photo
American carries out suicide attack in Syria
Guy Plans To Start Nevada Brothel With Ugly Girls
Mysterious Deaths Of College Students Blamed On 'Russian Yeti'
Russian Yeti: The Killer Lives
Suspected I-81 Trooper Killer Blames 'Time Warp'
Linkin Park Call The Police On Sublime for Smoking Weed Backstage
Rich Kenyans Are Injecting Themselves with Black Market Creams to Become White
Emergency dispatcher suspended after talking about Oprah during Maya Angelou 911 call
Bear Grylls Promoting New 'Golden Power' Energy Drink From Germany With Urine Extract
Heavy metal birthday: Christopher Lee marks turning 92 with mini-album
Stall doors vanish from Spokane Co. Jail's visitor bathroom
Kenya rejects aid of 'dog food'
Banned airport full-body scanners to be used at prisons
Birmingham police flush out 2 suspected toilet thieves
Depressed goat ends hunger strike, jumps for joy when reunited with friend
Knife amnesty trial launched in Clacton
Man with a warrant arrested after calling 9-1-1 to report himself lost
All Blacks Hitler attack by Samoan rugby star
Selfie causes parking lot pileup
Houston man sues stripper for $2,000 and Harry Potter DVDs
US Chamber Head Urges Cuba to Open Economy More
Man needed money for drugs, robs store armed with a rock,...
American carries out suicide attack in Syria (xpost from /r/worldnews)
Family and followers in dispute on whether Indian guru is dead or meditating
Being hard of hearing does not imply that you are deafened
Linkin Park calls cops on Sublime for smoking weed
L.A. County Deputies Accused Of Forcing Inmates To Fight Like Gladiators
Indian Court to Rule if Hindu Spiritual Leader Samadhi is Dead or Simply Meditating
nhà đất Quận 12
Drugs and prostitution 'worth £10bn to UK economy'
Gun safety demonstration in China kindergarten injures five
Canadian Weather Forecasters Forbidden From Discussing Climate Change
Muslims in Malaysia call for Jihad on Cadbury and Mondelez after pig DNA found
West Midlands Safari Park elephant 'takes selfie' with dropped mobile phone
Is This Indian Guru Dead or Meditating? $170 Million Depends On Answer
Australian sheep get high and die on toxic weed
Court to Decide Whether Guru Is Dead or Just "In Deep Meditation"
Indian court asked to decide whether revered Hindu guru is dead or just meditating
Graduation gift from teacher to special needs student consists of toilet brush and Comet, upsets family
Phil Collins comes out of retirement to sing 'In The Air Tonight' at his sons' school
North Korea unveils new mushroom sports drink
Asda's wearable England flag 'looks like Ku Klux Klan outfit'
Raleigh officer's gun fires, second cop wounded as police confront armed man
India arrests police officers over gang rape
Utah school makes yearbook photos more modest
A Security Firm Has Hired The Diabetic Who Hacked Into His Own Insulin Pump To Show How It Could Be Used To Kill People
Two people die in China retrieving phone from toilet septic tank
Hawaii man gets probation for making son walk 1 mile home from school
We have a winner in the 2014 Scripps National Spelling Bee, which was easily the best thing on TV
Texas man still buzzing from 60 espresso shot Starbucks drink
Man Accused of Stealing $350,000 of Human Skin from Philly Hospital
Brooklyn Has Gone Nuts: The Annual Smallest Penis Contest
Russian Billionaire Clones Himself 12 Times
Man Foils Home Burglary Thanks to Smartphone Camera App
Toddler critically injured by grenade in SWAT team drug raid | Toronto Star
President Obama to host White House summit on concussions
Dead Puerto Rican woman sits in her rocking chair during wake
Bear catches nap atop Saskatchewan power pole
Industry-funded study implies diet soda is 'superior to water for weight loss'
Most election polls unreliable, pollsters say
Manhattan's Conservative Elite Celebrate New Book About Impeaching Obama
Police patrol popular hot spots, reminding Calgarians of new deodorant bylaw
Obese woman's body fat causes Austrian crematorium to burn down
Groundhog busted stealing flags from cemetery
The National Park Service Shoots Deer and Feeds It to the Homeless
Ex-NFL linemen discover that weighing 300 pounds or more is no asset in life after football
Prostitution, drugs and booze to be included in Italian GDP
US Airways flight makes emergency landing after dog poops in the aisle twice
Spider Hides In Plain Sight As Bird Poop
Dog Poo Forces Philly-Bound Flight to Make Emergency Landing
Charlize Theron compares intrusive press coverage to rape
FL man claims he can prove 'time warp' caused him to kill NY state trooper with his truck
Utah High School Photoshops yearbook photos to show less skin
Facebook Comment Leads to a Woman Getting a Ticket from Police
Texas man orders record-breaking $54.75 Starbucks drink spiked with 60 shots of espresso
Idaho has more sex to get pregnant than any other state, says company
Two die in cesspit after a woman drops her phone into toilet
Russian Billionaire Clones Himself 12 Times See More : http://news-hound.org/russian-billionaire-clones-himself-12-times/?fb_action_ids=10152440873853361&fb_action_types=og.likes
California students sue state - want more learning time
Porn May Be Bad for Your Brain, Study Suggests
Nashville Stripper Ministry Is Answer To Pastor's Wife's Prayer
Dead or Meditating? Court to Rule.
Man Fined, Given Probation for Making Son Walk 1 Mile Home From School
Hawaiian man fined $200 for making son walk mile home from school as punishment
Best friends: Mr. G the goat and Jellybean the donkey rejoice at being reunited
Canada: Bear takes power nap on electricity pole
Driver Causes Accident to Avoid Ducks, Six Ducklings Rescued
The Phillie Phanatic had a bar mitzvah
Jon Stewart Reveals Phillie Phanatic's Sex Tape
Glenn Beck thinks Watch Dogs teaches you how to hack the real world
Port Jervis teen steals construction machine, tried to sell it on Craigslist | recordonline.com
GOP Senate Candidate Joni Ernst: UCSB Shooting An 'Unfortunate Accident'
Pennsylvania Man Stole More Than $350K of Human Flesh from Hospital
South Boston man gets 22 years for biting off and swallowing another man's lower lip in a bar fight and for being bad seed in general
Asda's £3 'wearable England flag' for World Cup 'looks like Ku Klux Klan costume'
Men, Throw Out Your Socks: It's Mankles Season
Violent robber on the run from open prison
Cow slurry fetishist is jailed
Cow slurry fetishist given jail term for threatening to kill family who tried to stop him targeting their farm
Cow attack victim calls for warnings
School district reviewing how students got access to porn sites
'Leggings are not pants': Qatar launches modesty campaign aimed at tourists
Guru Shri Ashutosh Maharaj Is Dead Or Meditating-- Court To Decide His Fate
Man charged with stealing human skin from hospital
Iran Spies on U.S. Officials By Facebook Friending Them
Organic farming is great, but it's not Jesus.
Cross Country Flight Makes Emergency Landing Because of Dog Shit
Unemployment Rate for Goats at All-Time Low
Pooping Dog Diverts Philly-Bound Flight
Cow Manure Fetish Man Jailed For Five Years
Cow slurry fetishist David Truscott given jail term
School cancels camping trip, says activities 'too dangerous'
Cook accused of licking cheese on sandwiches and serving them to corrections employees
Porn star Nikki Benz to run against Rob Ford in Toronto mayoral elections
Dozens of bicycles stolen from city bike-share program
Glen Beck Thinks Watch Dogs teaches people how to hack in real life
Guru Shri Ashutosh Maharaj Is Dead Or Meditating-- Court To Decide His Fate [x-post from r/Meditation]
Disabled man is killed; estate billed nearly $12M
Independent vet for stud bull with curious tendencies
No one knows if this religious leader is dead or meditating
Dog pooping on plane forces diversion to Kansas City's airport
I Wanna Marry Harry: The tackiest dating show ever?
Delft University of Technology: Delft school students replace energy-guzzling doorbells with Solar Bells
Court to decide if religious leader is dead or meditating.
Top Zimbabwe Official Says Condoms Will Give You Cancer
Report: Driver blames 'time warp' in crash that killed trooper
Maryland man sentenced to 5 years for lengthy dine-and-dash binge
How a prestigious college selects students for admission.
Robber friended victim on Facebook the day after stealing from her
Inside the Room During a College Admission Decision (Amherst)
Grand Piano Washes Ashore in Manhattan
50 Cent Got Pulled Over For His Horrible First Pitch
Asda's wearable flag looks like a KKK hood
NYC police pull 50 Cent over to make fun of his first pitch
The Friday 13th Reboot Has Been Pushed Back From Friday 13th To Friday 13th
Dog poops all over plane, forces emergency landing
A dog with diarrhea prompts a US Airways flight to make an emergency landing
Doctor Places Bolt Cutters On Man's Penis
Katy Perry orders crates of Tennent's lager to be sent to LA after acquiring taste for Scots tipple
Drugs smuggled over prison wall in Kinder Surprise eggs
No one knows if religious leader is dead or meditating
Court to decide if Indian Guru is dead or meditating.
Would you drink water made from MANURE? Researchers reveal method to turn cowpies in to liquid safe to drink - and say it could help drought-hit states
New technology turns manure into clean water
Air Force Reserve sponsors Cloud 9 League of Legends team
The Moon Gets Broadband
Twitter quietly changes its font from Helvetica Neue to Gotham
Man Sets Himself on Fire Trying to Torch Neighbor's House
Korea's Dinosaur Robot Outruns Usain Bolt
Police: Suspect took photo of himself installing camera in Braum's bathroom
Mating seagulls smash roof at Bristol's new Southmead Hospital.
Father Gets Probation For Making Son Walk Home From School
Deep Brain Stimulation Accidentally Turns Man into Fervid Johnny Cash Fan
Man pushing shopping cart full of meat is arrested | World news
weight loss treatments Manchester
14 Bros Charged in Fraternity Hazing That Cost a Pledge One Testicle
Tyler Lawrence loses testicle after fraternity hazing gone bad, 14 charged.
5 Health Benefits Of Whiskey
Teen stabbed as 13-year-old girl's pizza party goes out of control
Maya Angelou Is the Reason We Need International Whores' Day
San Jose pot clubs offer free weed to voters
Texans to Drink Toilet Water in Severe Drought?
Here's A Trailer For 'The Sex Factor', The Reality TV/Porn Hybrid We've All Been Waiting For
Dead or Meditating? - A court has been called to rule on whether a wealthy guru is dead or in a transcendental meditative state
This white guy got plastic surgery to look more like a Korean guy
Man with cow slurry fetish jailed - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk
Congressman bankrolled by ISPs tries to halt Internet regulation
Man with cow slurry fetish jailed
Children can learn to love vegetables, study shows
The Saudi Royal Princesses Kept in 13-year Isolation, Have Surpassed 60 Days without Food
Blood thirst a cure for finals fever
Mossad Implicated in Ukraine Uprising
School District To Allow Teachers To Give Condoms To Sixth-Grade Students
San Francisco Woman Breeds Rats, Releases Them in City Parks
Police drop case of protester arrested for impersonating a police officer while wearing a pig mask
Teen stabbed as 14-year-old girl's pizza party goes out of control
Medicare May Now Cover Sex Change Surgery
Dog Poop On Plane Prompts Emergency Landing For US Airways Flight
Man accused of stealing $350K worth of skin
NC mother accused of leaving son home alone while she went on vacation
Dog Poops on Plane, Forces Emergency Landing
'Terrorist' pheasant farm tormenter 'tamed by love'
CNN Reporter Detained by Police Live on Air from Turkey
Researchers on a high-tech quest for the perfect nipple
Anti-Gay Christian Group Refuses To Accept Mail With New Harvey Milk Stamp
A Spelling Bee judge quoted Kelis' 'Milkshake' to use a word in a sentence
Child draws all over dad's passport, dad gets stuck in South Korea
Donald Sterling to sue NBA for $1 billion in damages
Crappy flight forces airplane to land.
Jazz the sniffer dog traces stolen scrap metal to Haringey
Family Files $1M Suit Against Vet Who Kept Pet Secretly Alive
Freemasons make better jurors, say judges
Masons make better jurors, say judges.
Pope To Make Deceased GWAR Singer Oderus Urungus A Saint
Mississippi Judge Assaults Black Teen, Yells 'Run n-----, run!'
Fencing coach uses sword to foil robbery at shopping center
Robbery suspect friends victim on Facebook
Wi-Fi now available on the moon
Brooklyn man convicted of murder for fatally beating his wife because she made lentils for dinner Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/brooklyn-man-convicted-murder-fatally-beating-wife-made-lentils-dinner-article-1.1810507#ixzz33KCtGTeQ
17 year old Italian player accused of being 42. After an official investigation, confirmed to be 17.
Woman Injured By Lawn Mower During Dispute
Accused child killer: God never told me to stop
Man with cow manure fetish jailed for five years
Will Mmmhops be a hit? - Hanson is attempting to chart with a new microbrew
Glow sticks at dawn! Meet the 6am ravers
Friend says killer virgin was hooked on creatine supplement
Nothing but purple at Seattle's The Purple Store
Baltimore Dine & Dasher Sentenced To 5 Years For Skipping $89 Meal
Researchers Find Association Between Porn Viewing And Less Grey Matter In The Brain
'Duck Dynasty' Star Phil Robertson Says GOP Needs Religion
These Kids Are Using Twitter To Get Out Of Finals
Univ. of California Irvine fraternity's islander-themed party is banned for being insensitive the the colonial past of Fiji
'Concerning Pattern.' Teen boys regularly view porn
Sonic And Chili's Announce No-Gun Policies
Malaysian teenager gang-raped by 38 men: media
UCI student council penalizes frat over islander-themed party
LAPD adds drones to arsenal, says they'll be used sparingly
Police Search for Upset Teenager Who Sank Into the Hudson
Darwin flights expected to resume today as volcanic ash plume from Sangeang ...
Large Swarm of Bees Attacks Family in Beeville - South Texas,
Chocolate thief sentenced to 5 months in one of Colombia's harshest prisons
Wild Animals Sneak Onto Laboratory Running Wheels to Exercise
Cyborg lawyer demands software source
How to Count How Many Fingers You Have: 15 Steps (with Pictures)
Top-ranked NHL prospect Sam Bennett fails to do single pull-up at NHL combine
Suspected rhino poachers shot dead
Jaden Smith wore a white Batsuit to West-Kardashian wedding.
Robbery suspect arrested after friending victim on Facebook
Fatal crash lorry driver was watching porn.
A message from the Prime Minister- 70th Anniversary of the D-Day Landings
Dog poop on a plane forces unscheduled landing
Cookie can enlarge breasts, company claims
"Jesus Christ Superstar" Tour Starring John Lydon, Members of Destiny's Child and 'NSync Canceled
Newark Ukip supporter claims that gay marriage could lead to people 'marrying pigs'.
Black bear spotted lounging in hammock
Catholic principal regrets DeGeneres dance photo
7 people die after climbing down well in Cambodia to retrieve 75 cents
Man accused of stealing human skin worth $350,000 from US hospital
England World Cup poncho resembles Ku Klux Klan outfit
V. Stiviano Trashes Black People on Tape
Britain Snorts So Much Cocaine It's Now in Their Water Supply
Bike sex man placed on probation
White Woman Says She Was Kicked Out of African Arts Festival for Dancing While White
Glenn Beck Thinks 'Watch Dogs' Video Game Is Creating a Population of Hackers
Cross-Country Flight Diverted After Dog Poops
4-year-old drowns in pool while parents sing 'Happy Birthday'
Muslim marriage counselor advises men to whip their wives in order to reconcile in case of martial troubles.
Animal lovers scared to get off roof after attempt to rescue cat
Ontario farm breeds millions of insects for human consumption
Neil DeGrasse Tyson's 'great fear': Aliens have been to Earth
'Cosmos' presenter: I worry aliens have already decided we're stupid
California man returns $125K dropped from armored car
Clerk hides from gunman in bathroom
Got Autism? Learn About the Link Between Dairy Products and the Disorder
Spelling Bee Judge Quoted Kelis' 'Milkshake' In Example Sentence
Florida Bear Lounges in Hammock, Stays There for 20 Minutes
Six elderly people in China kill themselves 'before burial ban' China
Six elderly people in China kill themselves 'before burial ban'
Blackhawks Twitter Account Tells Mexican President To Fuck His Mother
Marriage can cause depression, study finds
Man who had sex with a bicycle sentenced
Marriage can make you depressed
Rebels in Ukraine tried to distribute candy to kids. But the plan went spectacularly wrong.
New Mexico employee at half-way house charged with 3 counts of battery for licking food
Large Swarm of Bees Attacks Family in Beeville
Dr. Ruth says she might shoot you if you don't support Israel
7 die after trying to retrieve 75 cents in well in Cambodia
For Her Latest Trick, 85-Year-Old Hooker Sheila Vogel-Coupe Tells All
Norwegian mass-murderer Anders Behring Breivik seeks university place
Chocolate thief caught in Thailand
White guy gets plastic surgery to look Korean
Man loses wife in gamble over a bottle of liquor
All expats face ban from driving in Bahrain
Cow Rescued From Mud
Sober woman arrested for drunk driving after deputy crashes into her car
Amber Alert Joke For Sahara Sam's Water Park Freaks Out Parents
Bangkok's anti-coup flash mobs have adopted the 'Hunger Games' salute.
Barbecue explodes, runaway pig corralled on Barrie street
Battle over whether guru is dead or just meditating
Tony Blair: Nigel Farage and Ukip are 'deceiving' British public and 'holding back' the unemployed with immigration rhetoric
Egyptian judge defends mass death sentences on 'demons from hell'
FUNNY LOL WOW PICTURE: Funny-roast-chicken-in-a-swimsuit
Seven people die trying to get 75 cents from well in Banteay Srey Cambodia
Man stuck in S. Korea sfter son doodles on passport
Why you should be alarmed about Marijuana legalization, according to a former Obama drug adviser.
Donald Sterling attends black church service.
Skrillex Designed Sounds for Next "Transformers" Film
When is a priest not a priest? When he's molesting a child, diocese says in defense of lawsuit
Suicide forum sees drop in attendance
Charges: Neighbor pulls gun on dad teaching daughter to ride bike
Swan killer: I like the Queen and didn't know what type of bird it was... but it tasted nice
Clogged loos force Air India Frankfurt flight to return
Neighbor pulls shotgun on father teaching his girl to ride a bicycle
New Mexico employee at half-way house charged with licking food
Woman ties baby to wedding dress, drags her down aisle
12-Week-Old Puppy Named Rosie Drives Car into Massachusetts Pond
Fox News criticized for lack of homophobia
Donald Sterling attends service at black church
Skrillex Talks Diplo, Dubstep & Adding 'Craziest Skrillex Sounds' to 'Transformers' Movie | Billboard
Voters in two CA counties to vote on separating into new state called 'Jefferson'
Neighbor, 61, pulls gun on dad teaching girl to ride bike
Donald Sterling Attends Black Church, Receives Applause From Congregation
Chinese General Says U.S. Foreign Policy Has 'Erectile Dysfunction' Problems
Robbery Suspect Friends Victim on Facebook, Is Promptly Arrested
Mandela screenwriter: '12 Years a Slave sucked up all the available guilt about black people'
Montana House candidate: If immigration isn't halted, GOP faces 'extinction-level event'
Artist trademarks Pi, geeks tear hair out
LIMP BIZKIT's Next Single Released On Cassette Only, Ensuring Maximum Listenership
Family attacked by swarm of bees in Beeville
$3M of Nike Sneakers Found on Kentucky Lawn
Blonde Brazilian man obsessed with South Korea undergoes 10 rounds of surgery to look 'more Asian'
Nevada twins are co-valedictorians at high school
You Can Now Get High-Speed Internet on the Moon
U.S. Supreme Court: not terrorism, just a love triangle
Chemical Weapons Law Doesn't Apply To Jilted Lover, Supreme Court Rules
German shepherd puppy drives car into U.S. pond
Not One Person Has Died on an NYC Bike-Share Bike
Real Alabama campaign add: "I don't know who you are or what you are running for, but you said fight Obama, so you have my vote." Oddly meta for a Republican.
GOPer Changes Name To Cesar Chavez, Becomes A Dem To Run In Heavily Hispanic District
'Female' hurricanes cause more deaths, but only because people don't take them seriously
Two-time GOP loser changes party to Democrat, name to Cesar Chavez for new congressional bid
NRA Issues Amazing Statement Admitting Bringing AR-15s To Chipotle Is Dumb
Female-named hurricanes kill more than male hurricanes because people don't respect them, study finds
High School Student Commits Suicide Moments After Being Caught Cheating On Test
Female-named hurricanes kill more than male hurricanes because people don't respect them.
Female Hurricanes Deadlier Than Male Hurricanes, Study Finds
Mandela screenwriter thinks his film lost because 12 Years a Slave 'sucked up all the guilt about black people that was available'
Study: Female-named hurricanes are deadlier than male storms, but taken less seriously
Bride criticized for dragging baby down the aisle on her wedding dress
Blackhawks accidentally tweeted 'f--- your mother' in Spanish
Robbery suspect adds victim as Facebook friend
The completely truthful history of Russia, by Vladimir Putin.
Casey Kasem hospitalized. Wife throws raw meat at his daughter.
Mannequin in Obama mask found hanging from Missouri bridge
Hurricanes with women's names significantly more deadly: study
Female hurricanes kill more than male ones
Famous Radio Host Casey Kasem hospitalized after Wife throws a pound of frozen beef at him while reciting bible verse.
Area church/school rents billboard with Hitler quote.
'In our opinion: Overpopulation isn't the world's concern - the problem is too few births'
Online outrage after artist trademarks pi
Nearly naked PETA activist covered with BBQ sauce in Vancouver
Chicago crime goes down during Bears games, proving Ray Lewis right
Brown University allows rapist back on campus, faces federal complaint
Donald Sterling Goes to a Black Baptist Church (This Is Not a Joke)
For the love of slender-man
Puppy drives car into Massachusetts pond, owner says
CIA recruited cat to bug Russians - Telegraph
Girls charged in stabbing motivated by 'Slenderman' character
Study: Americans Less Fearful of Storms Named After Women
Truck carrying poop spills cargo onto Route 80 West
John Oliver wants the internet's worst trolls to yell at the FCC
NRA slams 'downright scary' Open Carry Texas gun lovers: They 'crossed the line'
Bride drags newborn down aisle on wedding gown
Myspace Is Embarrassing Users With Old Photos to Win Them Back
North Dakota man accused of trying to kill neighbor with tomahawk
New York Fans Save Money by Watching Rangers Play in Los Angeles
Burglars snort man's ashes, thought it was cocaine
Brazilian guy got 10 surgeries to look Asian
Quit Your Day Job Right Now. China is Looking for Panda Nannies.
Woman 'beaten to death at McDonald's after refusing to give men her number'
Failed GOP Candidate Changes Name To Cesar Chavez, Runs As Democrat
White GOP candidate in AZ changed name to Cesar Chavez
Artist transforms trash into awesome tiny homes for the homeless
Professor With Incredible Beard Fired For Unknowingly Appearing On A Beer Bottle
NRA Calls Texas Open Carry Protests "Downright Weird" and "Just Not Neighborly"
Female hurricanes are deadlier than male hurricanes
Bride Defends Attaching Newborn Baby to the Train of Her Wedding Dress
Failed GOP candidate ditches party, legally changes name to Cesar Chavez
Artex Watercolors can lower IQ, cause coma, FDA warns
Chinese Kid Draws On Dad's Passport. They Are Stuck In South Korea.
Chicago Blackhawks Twitter account tells Mexican president to fuck his mother
Tim Tebow not giving up on NFL dream
Fearing Rising Backlash, NRA Urges Gun Activists to Stand Down: Carrying assault rifles into restaurants backfired-and now the gun lobby is firing at its own for acting "downright weird."
Home> U.S. Girls Charged in Stabbing Allegedly Tried to Kill for 'Slender Man'
Man Fatally Stabbed At Wedding Reception Over Leftovers
Girls Charged in Stabbing Allegedly Tried to Kill for 'Slender Man'
The Mets ate a record number of cheesesteaks at Citizens Bank Park
A GOP Candidate Changed His Name To Cesar Chavez And Became A Democrat To Appeal To Latino Voters.
MySpace emails embarrassing photos to old users.
Florida Judge Allegedly Punches A Public Defender After Berating Him In Court Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/video-of-judge-john-murphy-and-andrew-weinstock-2014-6#ixzz33XVcLD6h
Myspace Tries to Lure Back Old Members with Embarrassing Photos.
Iggy Azalea Can't Crowdsurf Because Her Fans Sexually Assault Her
French president forced to eat 2 dinners to separate Obama, Putin.
Two 12 year old girls stab another girl 19 times to show dedication to Slenderman
Politician legally changes name to Cesar Chavez and switches party affiliation to run in Hispanic district
Myspace Tries to Lure Back Members with Embarrassing Photos
God Bless America: Woman Arrested For Stealing A Bible From Walmart
VIDEO: Hero driver rams OWN pickup truck into teen's speeding car to end dangerous chase
12-year-old girls allegedly stab friend 19 times in failed plot to kill her
Tim Tebow still 'training,' won't give up on NFL dream
12 year old Wisconsin girls charged in stabbing
North Carolina woman dials 911 over way Subway employees made flatbread pizza
Belarus plans to bring back serfdom
Gun Activists Cut Up NRA Member Cards Over Criticism Of AR-15s In Restaurants
Muslim leader willing to eat Cadbury chocolate to prove it's halal
New U.S. Ambassador Swore Her Oath on an E-Reader
NRA Decides Good Guys With Guns Are Weirdos
Man with 8-hour erection says no one answered call for help
California counties to vote to create new state: Jefferson, a freestanding republic
12 year-old girls try to sacrifice "friend" to Slenderman by stabbing her 19 times.
Homeschooling expert: Sex-ed is a liberal plot - make kids watch guinea pigs do it instead
Preteen girls stab friend to show dedication to Slenderman.
US Ambassador to Switzerland sworn in with Kindle
Texas to Pass "Name Your Fetus" Bill
Seattle police discover flaming bag of poop behind East Precinct
TSA agent arrested for allegedly cutting worker with box cutter over sports bet
Mike Epps allegedly beats up man after parody video
How Bergdahl could become Bergdahlzi
12-year-old girls stabbed friend 19 times to prove mysterious horror figure Slenderman was real
French president plans to eat two dinners in one night just so he can keep Obama and Putin away from each other
Thrice-Divorced Florida Attorney General Calls Gay Families Unstable
Woman Beats 4-Year-Old With Crowbar in Walmart Because She Hates Asian: Police
Afganistan'da intihar saldırısında üç işçi yaşamını yitirdi | YALIN OSGB
Brazilian man undergoes 10 operations to look Korean
Man cheats 62 women, from 15 to 35, into marrying him, makes their porn and sells them.
Man Takes Divine Selfie, Has 'Religious Experience'
Giant octopus stranded in Oxford Circus causes traffic mayhem
Giant octopus 'breaks down' in in Oxford Circus causing traffic chaos in Central London
Man buys penis enlarger, gets magnifying glass instead
12-year-old girls stabbed friend 19 times to prove Slenderman was real
Judge challenges lawyer to fight and wins
Studies reveal that water tastes like water
The House Science Committee Declares The IPCC Report Is Not Science
Mandela film failed because 12 Years a Slave 'sucked up all the guilt about black people', says writer
Viewers fuming after e.tv [South Africa] brags it's shown Anaconda 19 times and counting
Pre-teen girls accused of stabbing slumber party friend 19 times to please slenderman
Rangers Fans Save Money by Flying to L.A. for NHL Finals - it's cheaper to fly from New York to LA, rent a hotel room, and buy a resale ticket than it is to watch the game at MSG.
GOPer Changes Name To Cesar Chavez, Becomes A Dem To Run In Hispanic District
GOP Candidate Changes Name To Cesar Chavez, Switches Parties To Win Over Hispanic Constituents
François Hollande to eat two dinners to keep Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin apart
Bodies of 800 babies, long-dead, found in septic tank at former Irish home for unwed mothers
Man, 26, suffers detached retina texting girlfriend for hours in dark
Thieves make off with $15,000 worth of Lego - organized crime gang suspected
Argument between judge, public defender leads to physical fight
Rangers Fans Save Money by Flying to L.A. for NHL Finals
Plane almost lands on sunbather on German beach
Wind Picks up Bouncy Castle with Two Children Inside, Sends it Tumbling Through Lacrosse Tournament
Lego thieves make off with $15,000 of goods in toy store break-ins
Excitable puppy unleashes chaos, drives owner's car into Massachusetts pond
Braco at the United Nation's Tillman Chapel
Man's pants stolen after being shot outside Nashville club
Large Genitals Get Underage Boy Put in Russian Prison for Theft
Two 12-year-old girls tried to stab friend to death as sacrifice to mythical online horror character 'Slender Man'
Puppy drives car into Massachusetts pond
Fearmongering Anti-RPG Comic Gets the Film Adaptation It Deserves | Underwire | WIRED
Cute three-month-old puppy drives owner's car into lake
College Student Called the Cops Over a Cockroach
Yankee fan who took a break from eating sandwich to applaud Robinson Cano is a true American hero
FCC opens website forum for people to voice their opinions on net neutrality, commentators crash the website
12 Year old girls attempt to murder friend to please Slenderman
RoboCop to throw out 1st pitch at Comerica Park in Detroit as Tigers host Toronto Blue Jays
Pre-teen girls tried to murder friend for Internet meme
Brevard judge, public defender fight after argument in court
Oxford Circus Octopus Causes Traffic Chaos
Decision To Award World Cup To Desert Nation With No Football Stadiums May Have Been Rigged: Reports
'Godfather of Ecstasy' Sasha Shulgin Dies After 4,000 Trips Aged 88
More women getting treatment to make hand look better in engagement selfies
Sperm Donation is Full of Euphemisms, and an 11-Year-Old is Full of Questions
Central Arkansas Police Chief Posts 'Cellfies' On Facebook
FDA Calculates How Much Pleasure Americans Lose By Not Smoking
'Let's go out back and I'll beat your ass': Florida judge allegedly attacks lawyer outside courtroom
Detroit's 10-foot-tall, bronze 'RoboCop' monument to be unveiled Tuesday
Weather Sexism: Female-Named Storms Deadlier, Seen As Less Threatening
Cowboy Lassoed Drunken Gunman at Rodeo, say Bartow County, Georgia sheriff's deputies
Woman Not Wanted at Gay Orgy! Must Credit HuffPo!
A black bear in Florida has been caught on camera relaxing in a hammock. Twice .
Whiffle Ball Umpire Takes Hard Shot to the Groin, Calls It Quits
Comcast charged $2,000 for alarm system that didn't work-for 7 years
Wiffle Ball Umpire Takes Wiffle Ball to the Balls
Apple Introduces iOS 8 And Texting Will Never Be The Same
Man stole to pay for mom's headstone, Sesame Street party: cops
Two twelve year olds stabbed and killed their friend as an offering to Slenderman
The Secret Service wants software that detects social media sarcasm.
Two twelve year old girls charged with attempted murder after stabbing their friend as an offering to Slenderman
Intoxicated woman "escapes" rescue crews and falls down 40-foot ravine
Tenn. cotton gin boss caught on tape: We 'hang' blacks for drinking 'white people only' water
Discover How To Climb To The Tippity Top Of Google In 8 Minutes Flat
NHL's top prospect fails to complete even one pullup at NHL combine
Japanese woman asks for divorce because husband doesn't like Frozen - Movies News
Artist trademarks 'Pi' symbol, enrages the web
Chiquita Banana is Blocking a 9/11 Victims' Bill
Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier Charged With Trying to Kill Friend to Please 'Slenderman'
North Korea's official Instagram account is using the #northkoreabestkorea hashtag.
The Secret Service wants software that detects social media sarcasm. Yeah, sure it will work.
Hunger Games salute banned by Thai military
Pre-teen girls accused of stabbing friend 19 times to honor mythological creature
The Black Undercover Cop Who Infiltrated the Ku Klux Klan in Colorado | VICE Canada
Step Right Up to See the World's First Elephant Selfie
Congressional Candidate Scott Fistler Loses Two Elections, Changes Name To Cesar Chavez To Get More Latino Votes
A Woman Divorced Her Husband Because He Doesn't Like Frozen
Opelika [Alabama] ministry rents, removes billboard with Hitler quote
Study: Tar balls found in Gulf teeming with 'flesh-eating' bacteria
Slender Man Stabbing: 12-Year-Old Girls Stab Friend 19 Times In Attempt To Please Internet Legend
Two 12-year-olds stabbed girl '19 times' to prove 'Slender Man' myth was real
Preteen Girls Stab Friend 19 Times to Appease Mythic 'Slender Man'
Airbnb Doing What It Can To Stop Orgies From Happening In Your Home, OK?
NYC Gamer Turns Bedroom Into Retro Arcade, Loses Fiancée in the Process
Man attempting to blow nose and smoke cigarette at same time winds up burning house down
Size of Russian teen's genitals land him behind bars
Slender Man, mythological creature, drove Wisconsin girls, 12, to stab friend, prosecutors say
Florida Judge Tells Attorney 'I'll Beat Your Ass,' Allegedly Does Just That
Four Greensboro police cars broken into at station headquarters
24-year sentence handed down in urn theft
Crotch bulge leads to drug charges for Hickory man
Slender Man Horror Meme 'Led Girls To Stab Friend'
Chinese 'Committing Suicide Due To Coffin Bans'
Wisconsin girls accused of stabbing friend to please fictional creature
Two 12-year-olds nearly stab another 12-year-old to death in order to please Slenderman
These Are the World's Oldest Pants
Cops' Summer Strategy: Treat Teens Like NATO Protesters
France to Turn Putin and Obama Visits Into Episode Of 'Three's Company'
Thailand's military threatens to arrest people giving Hunger Games salute
Police: Girls regret stabbing pal 19 times
Wisconsin middle school girls who stabbed 12-year-old friend 19 times say it was for Slenderman
Brevard judge tells attorney, 'I'll beat your ass,' allegedly throws punches
Judge tells attorney: 'I'll beat your ass'
Family has to choose between being burned alive or risk being eaten by lions
Slenderman drove two 12 year old girls to stab their friend to near death.
Fargo Man Arrested For Flash-Frying Entire Cow
Man arrested while trying to burn feces-packed paper bag behind Seattle police precinct
Church group removes Alabama billboard quoting Hitler
Texas police investigate alleged fish-in-face case
Chuck Lorre Apologized for 'Two and a Half Men'
Two 12-year-old girls charged with trying to murder friend to please Internet demon
Detroit named safest city in America
President Obama informs Poland that he is bad at Poland's video game
Does paraffin lower libido?
Is 'organized crime syndicate' stealing Legos?
Two 12-Year-Olds Charged in Stabbing Linked to Internet Character
Men arrested at Lionel Richie show spend 'all night long' in jail
Too much dog feces means year off for north Fargo public garden
12-year-olds blame horror meme Slenderman for inspiring them to stab classmate
Alabama Bible school puts Hitler quote on billboard to encourage youth indoctrination
The Secret Service Has New Software that Detects Sarcasm on the Internet
Tenn. Cotton Gin Supervisor Tells Black Employees They Can't Drink From 'Whites Only' Water Fountain
Texas woman accused of assault with catfish
Photo of Israeli couple kissing during meeting with Abbas in Ramallah sparks uproar
U.S. girls charged with stabbing friend to please Slender Man
Bounce House Injuries Become An 'Epidemic'
Ministry Uses Hitler Quote On Billboard: 'He Alone, Who Owns The Youth, Gains The Future'
Woman Calls Police Because There Aren't Enough Sprinkles on Her Ice Cream
Florida Cop Accuses Cop Watcher of Masturbating in Car in Order to Stop him from Recording him
Courtroom brawl between judge and public defender caught on camera
Woman dials 999 because she didn't get enough sprinkles on her ice cream
'Mandela' Screenwriter Blames '12 Years A Slave' For Sucking 'Up All The Guilt About Black People'
Young 12-year-old girls accused of stabbing friend 19 times to appease bogeyman.
Mandela writer: '12 Years a Slave sucked up all the black people guilt'
Patrick Ewing believes the NBA is biased against tall coaches
Quebec motorist on trial in two deaths amid allegations she was helping ducks
Alabama Church Quotes Adolf Hitler on Billboard
Balls and brains: The quality of a man's sperm depends on how intelligent he is, and vice versa
German artist brings to life Van Gogh's severed ear with relative's DNA
Billy Corgan is on the Cover of a Magazine for Cat Enthusiasts
Christian Ministry Quotes Adolf Hitler on Billboard, Not Realizing That's a Bad Idea
Man Sought for Igniting Kindergarten Graduation Brawl at Cookies and Punch Reception
Police: Girls, 12, stabbed friend to please mythological creature
Woman calls 999 in row over ice cream sprinkles
Country Music Singer Brad Paisley Taunted The Westboro Baptist Church By Taking A Selfie
Slender Man Meme Inspires 12 Year Old Girls' Attempted Murder
Tokyo's 'oldest man' had been dead for 30 years
Mourners Flee When Cambodian Man Shows Up To His Own Funeral
German Who Wants To Be a Millionaire Contestant Tries to Phone-a-Friend Angela Merkel, Gets Voicemail Twice
Homeless man shouts racial slurs at stranger. Stranger finds him a job and a home.
Breast milk as health food for men? Experts caution against trend
Worker records 'racist' supervisor in cotton warehouse
12yr old girls accused of stabbing friend in attempt to summon the "SlenderMan"
A U.S. ambassador was just sworn in on a Kindle
NRA calls 'open carry' rallies 'downright weird'
Shocking: Bride Straps Newborn to Gown, Drags Her Down the Aisle
Giant Betfair octopus stranded at Oxford Circus, Twitter melt down ensued
Couple Ties Month Old Baby to Wedding Dress
Slender Man inspires preteens to kill
Gospel music drives North Carolina woman to ax stepfather in the head
Man wanted in kindergarten graduation brawl
Study: Stephen Colbert More Effective Than Journalists At Explaining Campaign Financing During Last Election Cycle
NRA Apologizes For Calling Guns-In-Restaurants Crowd 'Weird'
Oliver North (Yes, Oliver North) Accuses Obama Of 'Financing A Terrorist Organization' With Bergdahl Release
Carlos Bueno Mir allegedly called 911 in Florida to report his wife had 'thrown out his beer'
Police: Woman attacks stepfather with ax for playing gospel music
Why Did 12-Year-Olds Stab Friend For 'Slender Man'?
Police Warning: Re "Unusual Chalk Markings"
Man Walks Slowly Into Open Sidewalk Cellar
Global Warming Makes Couples Cheat, Says Dating Website
Culture Rot - You Won't Believe What These Dating Site Cheaters Say Would Cause Them To Be Unfaithful
Protesters in Thailand Adopt Hunger Games Salute
'Slenderman' stabbing: Girls, 12, accused of attacking friend to please creepy character
Two preteen girls being tried as adults after killing a girl as sacrifice to Slenderman.
Florida judge to attorney: 'If you want to fight, let's go out back'
WI middle-schoolers say bizarre Internet meme made them stab 12-year-old friend 19 times
Hannity guest: Women spring breakers are 'human garbage whose parents don't love them'
Two girls aged 12 stab a friend 19 times in the forest to prove Slender Man does not exist
Study Concludes That Female Hurricanes Are More Dangerous Than Male Hurricanes
Bus Sex Teen Cops Plea In Queef Beef Case
Former Republican Changes Name to 'Cesar Chavez' to Run in Majority-Hispanic District
RoboCop throws 1st pitch at Detroit Tigers game
Florida, you never fail to disappoint.
Obama praises Witcher 2, but it doesn't sound like he played it
Wisconsin girls charged with 'Slenderman' stabbing
Florida man called 911 after wife threw out beer
Two 12-year-old girls stab friend to appease Slenderman
Police threaten to arrest protesters using the the Hunger Games salute in Thailand
NRA Apologizes for Calling Some NRA Members "Downright Weird"
Church school erects billboard that quotes Adolf Hitler on the importance of a good education for youngsters
Church erects billboard that quotes Adolf Hitler on the importance of a good education for youngsters
Secret Service Is Buying Sarcasm-Detecting Software to Know Whether It Thinks That Last Tweet Was Funny
Ohio police seek man after kindergarten graduation brawl
Racehorse California Chrome inks endorsement deal with shoe & apparel company Sketchers
12 year old girls stab their friend 19 times to become proxies of Slenderman and live in his mansion
50 Cent blames his awful first pitch on masturbation-related injury
Slender Man demon creature inspires Wisconsin girls, 12, to stab friend in woods
Secret Service Software Will 'Detect Sarcasm' in Social Media Users
Pre-Teen Wisconsin Girls Blame Stabbing on Mythical 'Slender Man' Character
Gwyneth Paltrow Says You Can Hurt Water's Feelings
"Two Milwaukee girls told investigators they plotted for months to kill their friend because a character called Slenderman required them to kill someone before they could become his 'proxy.'" (Slenderman is a meme created on SomethingAwful in 2009).
Judge Takes on Defence Lawyer with his Fists
California governor candidate is a registered sex offender
'Someone else' a more popular leader than (Australian PM) Abbott
Slenderman allegedly responsible for youth stabbing...
Never Say "I Kill White People Like You" When Asked To Turn Off Your Phone Post-Takeoff
Raelians want Canada to provide interplanetary embassy to welcome alien life
Secret Service Plans to Get Really, Really Good at the Internet
Man fatally stabbed in fight over wedding leftovers
Rural kids can succeed with big tobacco, school sponsor says
Florida officials take custody of child protection worker's kids
Why Have Female Hurricanes Killed More People Than Male Ones?
GM Sent Recall Notices To Accident Victims' Families
Angry woman bites husband's genitals when he said he wanted to cook
Big Bang blunder bursts the multiverse bubble
Slender Man Stabbing: Internet Meme Inspires Wisconsin Girls To Stab Friend
Bible School Uses Hitler Quote To Promote Education For Children
Woman dials 999 over ice cream sprinkles row
Judge challenges attorney to courtroom brawl
Celeb psychic left red-faced after 'summoning' ALIVE audience member
WI Pre-Teens Accused of Attempting to Murder Friend to Please Mythological Creature
'Fat finger' blamed for Harvard man sending naked photo to girl instead of wife
Karta ночь у ворот проклята
WATCH: FL judge goes bonkers in court, challenges attorney to fight: 'I'll beat your ass'
School Reverses Decision to Deny Diplomas for Tossing Caps
12 year old girls nearly kill their friend to please Slenderman.
Judge challenges attorney to courtroom brawl: 'Let's go out back'
'I can tell that you're a pure Aryan white man by the way you talk': Black detective reveals how he fooled former Grand Wizard David Duke and infiltrated the KKK
Black sergeant was 'loyal Klansman'
Wildlife officials rely on donuts for statewide bear survey
Potato peeler court: Derry man charged with car hijacking
Upset by 'Game of Thrones?' Cast Member Instagrams Show it's Only Acting: Cumberland Times-News Video
Woman Divorces Husband For Not Liking 'Frozen'
Woman Calls Police Over Number Of Sprinkles On Her Ice Cream
Ryan Lewis Proves That No One Knows Who Ryan Lewis Is
Chinese Man Stuck In Airport Because His 4 Year Old Son Doodled In His Passport
Woman Banned from Cartwheeling at Meetings
Fort Hood sexual assault prevention officer ran on-base prostitution ring: witness
Cops: Man Threatened To Shoot Neighbor Teaching Daughter To Ride A Bike
Ashes of Willie Dunn stolen from widow's Ottawa home
Fort Hood sexual assault prevention officer ran on-base prostitution ring: witness Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/crime/fort-hood-sexua
Pope Francis tells couples not to substitute dogs and cats for children
Wife lived with dead husband for 9 months
Fort Hood sexual assault prevention officer ran on-base prostitution ring.
Grasshopper Swarms So Dense They Show Up on Radar
Alleged attackers at O's game danced to 'YMCA' as victim lay bleeding, lawsuit says
Man called 911 on wife for 'throwing out his beer,' police say
Why you should never let your dog drive your car
Opelika ministry rents, removes billboard with Hitler quote
John Mayer Hopes His Exes Write More Songs About Him
Maryland Pastor Says 'These Hoes Ain't Loyal' During Sermon and Congregation Cheers
Racist Woman Repeatedly Calls Man an N-Word in Front of Kids, Is Confused Why He Is Record
NRA Apologizes For Calling Open Carry Protests 'Weird' And 'Scary'
Secret Service urgently seeks sarcasm-detecting software
US State Representative stands by claim that common core educational standards will make your children gay
Baby part of Jackson woman's wedding dress
One Direction fan fiction series After to be published in six-figure deal - the sexually explicit series will be published later this year.
US Secret Service seeks sarcasm-spotter for Twitter
Elon Musk: Ford Is Killing Sex
Fake cop allegedly tried to pull over deputy
Science Compared Every Diet, and the Winner Is Real Food
Canadian Kinder Surprise smuggling ring broken up by US officials
Spokane sheriff tells deputies, 'no sex on duty'
Cotton Gin Employees Record Supervisor's Racist Remarks
Woman Seeks Divorce Because Husband Thought Frozen Wasn't That Great
Blue Angels descended into porn, homophobia and harassment
Racist Woman Repeatedly Calls Man an N-Word in Front of Kids, Is Confused Why He Is Recording Her
Black Men Working at Cotton Gin Told Water Fountain Is For Whites Only
Women jailed for allowing dog to eat their neighbor alive
Woman With History Of Thefts Faces New Theft Charges
Two jailed after dog 'ate man alive'
Ghanaian witch doctor claims he caused Cristiano Ronaldo's knee injury
Blue Angels dived into porn, homophobia and harassment, study says
Man charged for speaking Irish to police
Two Arrested, Turtle Saved After Car Chase
Florida State Representative claims Common Core education standards will turn students gay
Naked women in the cockpit, penis painting so large it could be seen from space cited in Navy probe of ex-Blue Angels leader
Diet and exercise may help maintain weight loss
China is planning to flatten over 700 mountains
Kilmeade to Bergdahl's Dad: 'Don't Have to Look Like a Taliban Member' Anymore
Clifford Clarke death: Women jailed over man 'eaten alive' by dog
Cotton Gin Boss Threatens to 'Hang' Black Workers Who Drink From 'White' Water Fountain
Scientist Names Blind Fish with Neck Anus after His Favorite Team
Vultures Appear in Downtown Washington D.C.
Man arrested for alleged indecent act while holding cucumber in library
Zoo Vet Mistakes Employee In Gorilla Suit For An Actual Ape, Shoots Him With Tranquilizer
Mosquitoes incited MN teen to set wildfire
Scientists warn against China's plan to flatten over 700 mountains
Girl, 12, describes attack against classmate: 'Stabby, stab, stab'
Gluten Found in Portland's Water Supply
The Secret Service wants software that can detect sarcastic tweets
Law professor tells senators: If money is speech, outlawing prostitution is unconstitutional
Leland Yee Wins Almost 300,000 Votes Despite Dropping Out of Race
A Japanese Woman Is Divorcing Her Husband Because He Didn't Like 'Frozen'
Gwyneth Paltrow thinks negative words and sounds can hurt water's feelings
Justin Bieber Offically Changes His Race To Black
Scout Willis, Rihanna latest celebs championing exposed female nipples
Fake Cop Arrested For Pulling Over Real One
Wisconsin 12-year-old girls blame Slenderman for stabbing their classmate
Man Drives Cross-Country With Dead Woman in Passenger Seat
Drunk Irishman punched police horse twice wearing only underwear and one sock, Australian court told
This man says he's willing to die so he can post naked pictures without getting fired
Dog on Ibuprofen chewed off own paw
Woman from racist video: "I'm not racist," she told the radio station. "I have a black cousin."
Justin Beiber sings about joining the KKK
Slenderman stabbing case: When can kids understand reality vs. fantasy?
Woman survives after falling asleep between rails, train passing over her
50 Cent Blames Bad Baseball Pitch on Excessive Masturbation
Phoenix woman banned from cartwheeling at MAG meetings
98% Of Couples Who Go Jogging Together Are Smug Pricks, Finds Study
George Zimmerman Sells Trayvon Martin Painting for 30K
Murray Hill Man Transforms Bedroom Into Stunning 1980s Arcade, Gets Dumped By Fiancee
Saudi Arabia: Saadeddin Sweets employee fired over cake mocking religious police
Bushwick pet-poop painter dogged by rival
Flight had to turn around after a racist women threatened to follow a flight attendant off the plane and kill her when they landed.
Drunk Gresham cop who was fired after driving undercover car into ditch takes case to court
Toronto man charged with an indecent act involving the cucumber in a public library.
Toronto rolls out city-branded condoms
Florida man charged with impersonating cop after pulling over real detective
'Coon mauling event' disrupted the fair in my hometown
Man in Gorilla Suit Shot with Tranquilizer Dart
Wife carried on as man lay dead in home for 9 months
800 dead babies discovered in Irish septic tank
Woman buried alive after falling ill during first date: Reports
Woman Asks Husband For Divorce Because He Doesn't Like Frozen.
Hunger Games Salute Becomes a Real Sign of Dissent in 'Tyrannical' Thailand | TIME
Man Finds Tooth In Whole Foods Yogurt
Erotic fan fiction about One Direction to become the next Fifty Shades Of Grey
Cass County investigating after body found in cemetery
Judge issues punchy response to public defenders request
Woman falls asleep, is run over by train in Auburn; police find her uninjured
Justin Bieber Sings About Killing Black People, Joining KKK
13-Year-Old Boy Tried as Adult Because of Penis Size Sentenced To Jail
Religious rivalry: Miami archbishop bets Key lime pie and Cuban coffee for a Miami Heat win Read more here: http://www.miamiherald.com/2014/06/04/4157864/religious-rivalry-miami-archbishop.html#storylink=cpy
Religious rivalry: Miami archbishop bets Key lime pie and Cuban coffee for a Miami Heat win
Woman gets sued $500 for not having money
Dad goes to jail for 4-year-old daughter's drawing
'Slender Man' attack: Girls, 12, stab classmate 19 times to please online character
Cotton factory supervisor caught on tape telling black workers he'd 'HANG' them if they drank from 'whites-only' water fountain
Seattle's Socialist councilwoman to accept less than half of $117K salary
Fake cop pulls over real officer, gets arrested
Teacher slept with 2nd student after prom snub: prosecutors
Ron Reagan, not afraid to burn in hell, promotes atheism in TV spot
Putin on Clinton: 'It's Better Not to Argue With Women'
Two Denver cops, wives accused of drunken swingers brawl in Aurora
Obama's Leaked Exercise Tape Confirms His Status as Most Embarrassing Dad
Police Arrest 9-Month Old Infant on Murder Charges
Man lay dead in home more than 9 months
Bored Teens Hire a Mariachi Band to Follow Their Principal Around
Racist woman from earlier video responds to video. Claims: "I'm not racist. I have a black cousin."
50 Cent Blames Bad Pitch on 'Excessive Masturbation'
Man gets himself arrested for not knowing how to suck it up.
Oliver North Of All People Blasts Obama For Financing Terrorist Orgs In Bergdahl Swap
Man shoots two teens with BB gun - once because middle schooler didn't use crosswalk
Yep, Harvard Really Does Have a Book Bound in Human Skin
DPD cops, wives investigated for swingers party brawl
Rich Hamptons goer fears Slurpees
Water Patrol: handcuffed man in custody drowned at Lake of the Ozarks after life jacket slipped off
Girls Claim Slender Man Is Real, Accused Of Stabbing Friend 19 Times
Woman calls police over ice cream sprinkles row
Zoo Mistakenly Shoots Guy in Gorilla Suit With Tranquilizer Dart
Gun homicides down drastically, Americans unaware.
Admiral Michael Rogers, New NSA Director Really Doesn't Get Why Americans Don't Want to Be Spied On
French national Mina El Houari buried alive in Morocco after first date with internet boyfriend goes horribly wrong
Drug smugglers pretend to be federal agency
Man accused of kidnapping woman ordered dog to bite woman, gets bitten instead
Gun homicides down dramatically, Americans unaware
Suit: Hospital employees posted Ohio woman's STD diagnosis on slut-shaming Facebook page
On target: Wilshire Gun Range gets liquor license approval
Ice T has released a feminist anthem "Bitch In The Pit"
Prostitutes to be barred from selling sex in some public places
Gwyneth Paltrow Thinks Being Mean to Water Affects How It Freezes
Calif. libertarian one step closer to becoming the first openly gay Republican congressman
Zombie apocalypse forces road closures in Spokane | Spokane/E. WA
Baker forced to make gay wedding cakes, undergo sensitivity training, after losing lawsuit
City-branded Toronto condom design rolls out on Twitter - Toronto
Woman seeks divorce because husband doesn't like Frozen
Indian court asked to decide whether Hindu spiritual leader is dead or simply meditating
Gwyneth Paltrow thinks you can hurt water's feelings by yelling at it
Woman seeks divorce from husband over his dislike of Frozen
The guy at centre of the racist rant has called in!!!!
Serial public masturbator caught defiling himself while armed with cucumber
Great Yarmouth dog on Ibuprofen chewed off own paw
50 Cent blames his terrible baseball pitch on "excessive masturbation"
Man claims wife divorced him because he didn't like Frozen
Harvard confirms century-old book is covered in human skin
Kinder Surprise smuggling ring: Three women arrested after tunnel filled with chocolate eggs is discovered in Canada
UK police to get the fastest police car, wont actually use it in police chases
US Seeks Twitter Sarcasm Detector
UK police get worlds fastest police car, wont be using it for police pursuits.
Fox behind footwear theft crimewave
UK police get worlds fastest police car, wont actually be using it in car chases.
Alabama Christian Youth Group Quotes Hitler and the Bible on Stunningly Stupid Billboard
Man in gorilla suit mistakenly shot with tranquiliser dart at Spanish zoo
American drug companies don't want to pay US taxes-but they want global customers to pay US drug prices
Zoo worker in gorilla suit shot with tranquiliser dart during 'escape drill' because no-one told the vet it wasn't real
Man drove dead girlfriend to Michigan because 'I cared for her'
UK fights against Scottish independence with irony and Lego
Grow Your Own Apartment With Just The Wave Of Your Hand
Boy Sentenced to Jail Because of Large Penis
Obama's 'Don't Do Stupid Shit' Foreign Policy
I have no issue parking my brand new Audi outside my brand new flat and I'd happily walk around where I live with a Mulberry bag, I just can't get one delivered.
Secret Service Buying Twitter Sarcasm Detector
Navy: Blue Angels dove into porn
Thai junta 'brings happiness to the people' with parties and selfies
Michigan man refuses to stop road trip when girlfriend dies, drives cross-country with corpse
Ghanaian witch doctor takes responsibility for Cristiano Ronaldo's injury plague
Prosecutors: Man's Dance Moves Prove He Could Have Prevented 2013 Fatal Shooting
Man buys penis enlarger online, is sent magnifying glass.
Man drove dead girlfriend to Michigan because 'I cared too much for her'
Average Joes take top honors in HA dodgeball fundraiser
Michigan man makes cross-country trip with dead girlfriend and mother
Fight erupts at peace vigil for slain Minneapolis teen
The Taliban Fighters Were Bummed Bergdahl Didn't Even Say Goodbye
Rahm Emanuel Pushing One-Gun-a-Month Purchase Limit for Chicagoans
Supervisor to black worker: Stay away from 'whites only' fountain
Bible school uses Hitler quote to promote education
Vultures on K Street? Yes, birds of a feather flock together.
'Racism Is Alive And Well In America' Video Mother Responds - 'I Am Not A Racist. I Have A Black Cousin!'
New Statesman | US Secret Service seeks Twitter sarcasm detector
Man in gorilla suit shot with tranquilliser dart at Tenerife zoo - Telegraph
Supervisor threatens to hang worker for drinking from 'white people' fountain
Florida judge seeks anger management help after courthouse brawl
UK government denies patronising Scottish voters with Lego figures
Hidden Beached Whale Revealed in 17th-Century Dutch Painting
NRA Video attacks Media For Labeling Shootings as "Shootings"
Gun Control Measures Are Going Nowhere, So Here's a Bulletproof Blanket for Your Kids
Lone contestant wins Miss Tibet pageant
CA Bill Demands Verbal or Written Consent for Sex on College Campuses
Chinese man stuck in South Korea after son draws all over his passport
Phoenix woman banned from doing cartwheels at public meetings - CBS 5
Kia dancing hamster accused of disability fraud
Puff Puff Brass: The Colorado Symphony Orchestra staged a marijuana-friendly concert. It wasn't easy.
Ghana witch doctor: I put spell on Ronaldo's leg
Naked NJ man on drugs punches cop, tries to steal cruiser
Unpopular MSNBC show gets cancelled
Employee at Riff's Joint, in Easthampton, mistakes chemical cleaner for cheese, sickens customer
One-woman infestation: 'Rat Girl' has released thousands of rodents on to the streets of San Francisco - and officials say they're powerless to stop her
Texas GOP platform embraces discredited therapy to cure 'unacceptable' LGBT people
Confusing North End Parking Sign is Actually Pretty Straight Forward
Widow furious after 'cannibal' fisherman walks free in dramatic finale of court case
Worker Plummets Five Stories Down Elevator Shaft; Dies
Two dead after trying to retrieve cellphone in cesspit of 'overpowering' smells: Shanghaiist
Running Coach Fired For Running Boston Marathon
Verbal or Written Permission Could be Required For College Sex
Two arrested, turtle saved after high-speed chase in vehicle stolen from 92-year-old woman (with pursuit video)
US Secret Service seeks Twitter Sarcasm Detector
Well-behaved Guantanamo prisoners get to play video games in a recliner... while being force-fed
Seattle's Blind Baseball Team vs the Seattle Police Dept. (Video)
India state minister on rape: 'Sometimes it's right, sometimes it's wrong'
LEGO will make new female characters with science jobs
A New App Uses Fart Power to Teach Kids About Nutrition
Local Women Eats Ice Cream to Raise Awareness for Eating Disorders
Zoo Worker Accidentally Shoots Tranquilizer Dart Into Employee Wearing Gorilla Suit
Get in the Game of Thrones (and get killed) for just $20K
Florida police department that lost gun loses shot at armored vehicle
Justin Bieber again uses N-word, sings about joining Ku Klux Klan in latest racist clip
Man in gorilla suit shot with tranquilizer dart when vet confused him for real gorilla
Native American tribes adopt Bitcoin-like currency, prepare to battle US government
Train passes over body of sleeping Ala. woman
Occidental Expels Student for Rape Under Standard So Low That the Accuser Could Have Been Found Guilty, Too
Wheeling woman accused of breaking into home and demanding beer
[NSFW] Topless feminist stabs wax Putin in France
Abbot Swaps Shrine Angels' Swords With M16s, Grenades
Secret service to utilize sarcasm detection software
'I Have An Active Sex Life' Says Man Who Dates Women 60 Years Older Than Him
Man in Gorilla Suit Mistaken for Real Gorilla, Shot with Tranquilizer
Kim Jong Un sends congratulations to Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad for winning reelection (X-post /r/NorthKoreaNews)
Topless feminist stabs wax Putin in France
The Colorado Symphony Orchestra staged a marijuana-friendly concert. It wasn't easy.
Calif. senator pushes new student law: Get the go-ahead for sex in writing, if possible
Tupac movie engaged in turf war with other Tupac movie
File 'Wife Threw Beer Away' Under Bad Reasons to Call 911
Hipster Becomes Church's Main Attraction
Sheriff orders deputies not to have sex on duty
15 Reasons to Date a Reporter
Obama refers to soccer as football.
Jaden Smith cast as Trayvon Martin in Will Smith produced film.
Jimmy Carter tells Chicago dinner crowd of body-invading guinea worm
A Man Jumped Inside the Mall After He Saw the Real Face of his Online Girlfriend in Person who uses Camera 360 and Retrica with her Posted Pictures.
Utah teacher Brianne Altice claims SHE is the victim after teen boy 'wore down her defenses'
Lawrence Chamber of Commerce drops Lawrence from its name
Woman buried alive in first date horror story
White House Aides Define Obama Doctrine: 'Don't Do Stupid Sh*t'
US Secret Service wants software that can "detect sarcasm" on social media
GM Flip Saunders chooses Flip Saunders to coach the Timberwolves
Husband, Wife Killed After Colliding in Head-On Crash
Best of Luck, Justin Bourque - Christopher Cantwell's Astounding Point of View on Moncton Shooting
Republicans Pose With Ladymags, Claim They Now Understand Women
Woman steals iPhone, then posts selfie on her Facebook page
Colorado baker who won't make gay wedding cakes ordered to sensitivity training
Man takes his dead girlfriend's corpse on a cross-country joy ride
NOPD detective under investigation for writing message in murder victim's blood.
Texas Woman Smacks Sister-in-Law With Dead Catfish
George R.R. Martin Wants to Kill You for $20,000
Saudi cleric says chatting online is haram
ECB imposes negative interest rate
Woman buried alive after worst first date ever
Serial Dine And Dasher Gets 5-Year Sentence For Faking Seizures To Get Out Of Paying Bill
eBay advert uses sex doll to sell old 1990 Volkswagon Golf car
Secret Service looking for sarcasm-detecting software
Man uses life-like 'sex doll' to help sell car
Ernests Gulbis: I don't like Djokovic, everyone should go to jail once and I like that marijuana is legal.
Pokemon - A Christian Commentary
Gwyneth Paltrow believes water has feelings: 'Negativity changes the structure of water'
London's Tower Melts Cars, Fries Eggs
Two dead trying to recover iPhone from toilet
Two dead and several injured trying to retrieve phone from toilet
Newlyweds driving separate vehicles killed in head-on crash
The Oregon suspects variously are affiliated with at least five known street and prison white supremacist gangs - European Kindred (EK); Rude Crude Brood; All Ona Bitch (AOB); Fat Bitch Killers (FBK) and Insane Peckerwood Syndicate (IPS), authorities say.
Groceries stolen from woman's SUV moments after she is killed in crash
Woman Splits From Her Husband For Making Anti-Frozen Comments
This Landlord Will ONLY Rent To People With Big Dogs (Especially Pit Bulls)
Here's That Extra Pair of Robot Arms You've Always Wanted
Thieves steal groceries from SUV after woman killed in wreck.
Fark Drives 10 Times More Traffic Than Google+
Oklahoma School Fires Running Coach for Running Boston Marathon
Unarmed Man Charged With Assault Because NYC Police Shot At Him And Hit Random Pedestrians | Techdirt
Prosecutors say man wasn't too fat to stop killing
How Beyonce Harms Black Women
'Orange Is The New Black' writer realised she was gay while working on show
American woman tries to pull a "Tiananmen square" in Israel and is run over by an IDf solider....twice
Obesity research confirms long-term weight loss almost impossible
American woman in 2003 tries to pull a "Tiananmen Square" in Israel and is run over by an IDF solider...twice
Bill Russell tells ESPN that he didn't know he won 8 straight titles until 28 years after he retired.
2 Dead, Several Injured After Phone Falls Into Open-Pit Toilet
Christian group wants 'evil' Welsh flag changed
George RR Martin offers to kill a Game of Thrones fan
Verizon claims Netflix is driving its customers away, threatens lawsuit
Chupacabra | Missouri Department of Conservation
Woman Divorces Husband Because He's Just Not That Into 'Frozen'
Fla. Man Impersonating Police Officer Pulls Over Unmarked Car
Stupid Woman Attempts To Auction Her Baby Online
North Korean ship caught ferrying weapons is also full of bees
What to Do When Russia Invades Your Country - none of the militaries of the former Soviet republics could withstand a full-scale Russian invasion. But the Russian sabotage? Those have a chance of being countered.
Man jumped down from 4th floor after seeing how ugly his online girlfriend was in real life
Couple arrested on suspicion of child cruelty after their 11-year-old son reaches 15 STONE
Mulayam's shocker: Boys will be boys, they make mistakes... Will you hang them for rape?
'Intervention at this level is very rare' - Norfolk parents arrested over 15-stone son, aged 11
Study Finds Watching The Colbert Report Is More Informative Than Watching The News
Selfie Surgery on the Rise
Teacher Tapes Students' Mouths Shut During "Quiet Game"
Sword fight at India's Golden Temple on raid anniversary
Truck full of watermelons hit by freight train
Harvard confirms a book in one of its libraries is almost surely bound in human skin.
Man 'addicted to golf' suspected of stealing $10K in merchandise from Gold Mountain
Chemical mistaken for cheese sickens customer
Paralyzed patients practice walking and kicking with the help of a robotic exoskeleton and brain-machine interface for the big kick to open the FIFA World Cup.
North Korea Congratulates Syria's Brutal Dictator On His Recent 'Election'
Phoenix man accused of giving meth to 11-week-old son
Cops: Man Tried to Have Sex With ATM
Use leftover Melba toast... and other thrifty tips by Baroness: The aristocratic politician who lives in a 13-bed country manor reveals advice on money-saving
Don't waste the lobster: thrifty tips from a Baroness - Tory peer Baroness Rawlings has issued a list of money-saving tips, from buying 200 Panama hats in place of a marquee to creative ways of making eggy soldiers
Girl in 'Slender Man' Attack Improves, But Questions Remain
Harvard Confirms Book Is Bound in Human Skin
Man known for role in 'Talladega Nights' faces charge after 5-car Trussville crash, 80 in a 35-mph zone
Web browsing is copyright infringement, publishers argue
Bangalore: 19-year-old girl kills grandmother, throws party with loot
Florida officials using doughnuts to attract, count black bears
Excrement alchemist: Man who tried to turn faeces into gold is jailed for attacks
Glenn Beck Claims Watch Dogs Is Teaching Children How To Hack The Public For Realz
Major interesection closed for protest against traffic jams from proposed LRT line
2 Women Hospitalized In Cherry Hill After 'Heavy' Marijuana Usage - CBS Philly
Icelandic man charged for having a "No trespassing. Violators will be shot. Survivors will be shot again" sign on his property.
Thief steals mobile phone, and then posts selfies on victim's Facebook page
Artist Creates Living Replica of Van Gogh's Ear
Witnesses Film Fiery Car Crash Instead Of Trying To Help Burning Victims
Fed up with Facebook dissent, Thailand's coup leaders are developing a junta-friendly social media rival.
'Guccifer' Hacker Who Leaked Bush Paintings Is Sentenced to Jail
George RR Martin Wants To Write You Into Game Of Thrones, Kill You Off
Tennessee Man Accidentally Shoots, Kills Self While Driving
Two Dead, Three Injured in Attempt to Get Cellphone out of Toilet
'The Colbert Report' more informative than traditional news sources, study finds - The Margin
Teen charged as adult due to big penis
Newlywed husband, wife crash into each other; both die
Ted Cruz addresses rally organized by doctor who says gays recruit children
Minor thieves steal USD 28730 watch, sells it to a street vendor for USD 1.69!
Texas GOP Advances 'Reparative Therapy' for Gays
Zoo: Keeper Accidentally Shot With Tranquilizer Was NOT In Gorilla Suit
Internet users cannot be sued for browsing the web, ECJ rules
50 Cent Blames Awful Pitch on 'Excessive Masturbation'
Arizona government agency bans 65-year-old from doing cartwheels
Russian surgeons 'grow' penis on man's forearm
Man on bike collides with porta-potty door; two hurt
Rachel must take car, bus and bike to get to her work
Is Hillary Clinton Too Dependent on Stuffed Animals to Be President?
50 Cent Blames Bad Pitch At Mets Game On 'Excessive Masturbation'
The CIA Joins Twitter, Jokingly Refuses To Confirm First Tweet
Unquenchable garbage dump fire shuts Iqaluit schools
Sword Fights Break Out In A Clash At India's Golden Temple
31-year-old man dating 91-year-old, 68-year-old women
Man Wearing Gorilla Suit Accidentally Shot With Tranquilizer
Houston woman killed in car crash, onlookers steal her groceries
Guinea pig to become father to 400 after breaking into female enclosure
Man Charged After Assault with Sneaker
Man Tells Wife He Was Joking When He Proposed 20 Years Ago
A Wife is Splitting Up With Her Husband Because He Didn't Like the Movie, *Frozen*
Sarah Palin Advises Bowe Bergdahl To Buy Rosetta Stone, Learn To Speak 'KickAss'
Sarah Palin suggests Bowe Bergdahl should buy Rosetta Stone to help him re-learn English
Teen Mom Throws Newborn in Trash Because Baby Looked Like Her Ex
Sword-wielding Sikhs clash at India's Golden Temple during prayers to mark the deadly 1984 military assault at Amritsar
Onlookers allegedly steal groceries from woman killed in crash
Police arrest 315-pound man hiding 40 bags of heroin in belly button
Man known for role in 'Talladega Nights' faces charge after 5-car Trussville crash
Sword fight breaks out in Indian Temple
Nationals' Bryce Harper will rehab his thumb by playing PlayStation
SF Woman Breeds Rats, Releases Them in City Parks
Alaska Senate Candidate Joe Miller Says Abortion Is Bankrupting Social Security
Two killed, multiple injured trying to retrieve cellphone from toilet
Newlyweds Killed After Head-on Crash With Each Other
Man arrested for animal cruelty to squirrels and trafficking heroin
Man arrested after shooting at vacuum salesmen
Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority misspells Kentucky on resource guide to high schoolers
Gitmo prisoners can play Angry Birds, Tomb Raider while being force-fed if they behave
Canada's Prime Minister Stephen Harper is worried about 'Pussy Riots' happening on home soil
Pink AK-47-Wielding Kim Kardashian Look-Alike New Reported Leader of Mexican Drug Cartel's Contract Killer Squad
Two dead after trying to retrieve cellphone in cesspit of 'overpowering' smells
Random guy shows up at Browns practice looking for a tryout
Cycle helmets are useless, says brain surgeon
Gwyneth Paltrow explains why water just doesn't like bad vibes
Aberdeen man arrested for possession of ice
More evidence that giving poor people money is a great cure for poverty
Drone Bottle Service Debuts at Vegas Club
Sword Fight Erupts at Sikh Temple in India
In 1965, a young woman lived in isolation with a male dolphin in the name of science. It got weird
Plea Deal For Teen Who Attacked Boy After Sex On School Bus [NSFW Mildly graphic language.]
School Suspends Student For Gun Shaped Birthmark
'Talladega Nights' Star 'Ricky Bobby' ARRESTED for Reckless Driving
Two People Are Dead After Trying to Get a Cellphone Out of a Giant Toilet
'Talladega Nights' actor who played young Ricky Bobby accused of causing 5-car crash
Loaded gun found in Target toy aisle
Movieguide Warns Sexual Revolution Leading Us To Nazi Military Takeover Just Like In Captain America
Andy Reid can't stop talking about Snickers and cheeseburgers at Chiefs' OTA
School aide gives pet treats to 4th graders, superintendent says
Guantanamo officials defend force-feeding, say "compliant" inmates can play video games
Man in bulletproof vest says 'shoot me,' is killed
Man in gorilla suit shot with tranquiliser dart in Tenerife zoo
Phoenix woman told to keep her feet on the ground, stop doing cartwheels at public meetings
Japanese Porn Star Gets 100 Bottles Of Semen From Fans (NSFW)
Man wearing pot-themed t-shirt busted for marijuana trafficking
Meet The Wakatobi Flowerpecker
Phoenix Woman Banned From Cartwheeling at Meetings
Olive-skinned Greek white nationalists protest against white anti-fascists.
Man hitting squirrels charged with heroin trafficking
The mystery of Ireland's worst driver
France surrenders to practicality, pays people to bike
Boy, 7, may be expelled after telling teacher he accidentally brought toy gun to school.
Sikhs clash with swords on anniversary of India's Golden Temple raid
Hot Sauce-Induced Stabbing Incident Leads to Health Insurance
Artist trademarks 'Pi' symbol, starts issuing cease and desist letters
For Just $20,000, You Could Get Violently Killed In An Upcoming 'Game Of Thrones' Book
George R.R. Martin to kill two people for $20K
"Kathleen Wynne has earned a fresh mandate in Ontario: Editorial" "Wynne and her party still offer Ontario's voters the best choice for the future."
Sunscreen, "a toxic substance", not allowed in Texas school without doctor's note
A Man Jumped to His Death In a Mall After He Saw the Real Face of His Online Girlfriend in Person who uses Camera 360 and Retrica with her Posted Pictures
The horrific kids who were killers
College sports: St. Gregory's track coach Matt Aguero fired for running Boston Marathon
The CIA Joined Twitter with the Best First Tweet Possible.
Alice Springs man steals alcohol in front of police then accidentally runs to paddywagon
Yoga Pants Now A Sin, According To Uptight, Likely Virgin, Campus Fundamentalist Preachers
Obama Could Be Facing 10 Years To Life In Prison
Donald Trump claims his giant "Trump" sign will be the Hollywood sign of Chicago
Dolphin-Assisted Births Are a Thing
AK-47-Wielding Kim Kardashian Look-Alike New Reported Leader of Mexican Drug Cartel's Contract Killer Squad
'Wheel of Fortune' contestant blows 'Surf City' puzzle
Rural school deemed 'too white' by Ofsted
Woman divorces man over his distaste for the film Frozen
Indonesia's presidential race is being fought with Facebook updates and "Happy" sing-alongs
Russia Bans U.S. From International Space Station
New Mexico Man Sprays Eight Children With Semen, Says It's For Church
Mexican Kim Kardashian lookalike 'takes over as boss of drug cartel hit squad' and uses a personalised pink AK47
Kim Kardashian lookalike with pink AK-47 accused of being head of Mexico drug gang
Woman dials 999 because sprinkles were spread unevenly on her ice cream
Kim Kardashian Lookalike Is Alleged New Hit Squad Boss For Mexican Cartel
The most dangerous woman in world is sexy killer with pink AK47
Police: "Snapchat Drug" Sends People to the Hospital in Australia
Lawmakers dodge tough issues, then give themselves more money
Benches Clear Because Manny Machado Did Not Like Josh Donaldson's Tag
Teenager calls in hoax bomb threat so brother can finish Burger King shift early
Successful businessman urinates in a supermarket freezer
Young people give up privacy on Google and Facebook 'because they haven't read 1984'
An American high school student says "Democracy is for cool kids" - and got in trouble
65-year-old Phoenix woman banned from cartwheeling at meetings
Fight Inside Golden Temple - Groups With Sword - Leaked Video
Man who has walked backwards for 25 years forgets how to walk forwards
'Calvin and Hobbes' creator returns to comics pages after nearly 20-year absence
Singing Nun Wins Italian TV Talent Show
Anti-homeless studs at London residential block prompts uproar
'Cali Swag District' rapper Dead at 25
Teen jailed after making bomb threat to get his brother out of shift at Burger King
First global deliveries of the BMW i8
Johnny Manziel Drafted by San Diego Padres in Round 28 of MLB Draft
Pig escapes slaughterhouse with leap of faith
NBC Replacing 'World Music Awards' With Repeat of 'Last Comic Standing'
Students Served Pet Treats At Montgomery County Grade School
Teen makes bomb threat to get his brother out of his shift at Burger King
First grader suspended and facing expulsion after finding toy gun in backpack and even turning himself in
25 People Try to Take Selfie with Rainbow on Deck; Deck Collapses
In failed attempt to save his phone, man spends six hours with hand in toilet
Korean Spider-Man Has an Erection, Pisses People Off
Hershey Sues Over Marijuana Edible Lookalikes, Says Kids May Get Confused
Man imprisoned after sexy text accidentally sent to all of his contacts including 2 schoolgirls.
The bizarre secret of London's buried diggers.
San Diego Padres select Johnny Manziel in MLB draft
Fox guest: White liberals like Neil deGrasse Tyson so much 'he could defecate on them'
Two Dead, Three Injured After Trying to Get Woman's Cell Phone Out of Toilet | Mediaite
Huntington's Disease increases a person's fertility
Belarus Dictator Reintroduces Serfdom after 153 Years
Sir Mix-A-Lot performed 'Baby Got Back' with the Seattle Symphony
Eatery mistakes cleaner for cheese, sickening teen
Wild sword fight erupts in Sikh temple in northern India
Man Lives In A Boeing 727 In The Woods Because He Can
Authorities Seek Information Regarding Body found in Sandwich
WATCH: Sir Mix-a-Lot performs 'Baby Got Back' with Seattle Symphony
Mere Existence of Palestine Deemed a "Threatening Racial Slur" by the [parent corporation of the] Houston Dynamo Organization
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper dons war paint, named chief speaker of Blood Tribe
Could Understanding Homer Simpson and Spock Improve Your Business?
Spunky activist, 65, banned from doing cartwheels at community meetings
Minneapolis Real Estate Agents Are Highly Amused by the Defacing of their Ads
Gwyneth Paltrow: Yelling at water hurts its feelings
Leave a comment here to keep net neutrality!
Arizona Woman Banned From Cartwheeling at Government Meetings
TAKE A SEAT: Swedish Political Party Says Men Shouldn't Stand While Urinating
Fake cop pulls over detective in unmarked car, gets arrested by a real cop
Really didn't think this would happen. Charles Manson free.
Burglar in crotchless pants attacks Brisbane sex store worker with toys
Spanish bear's sex drive so great he may be castrated
Sex store worker attacked with fetish toys
A bunch of cars at the Corvette Museum got swallowed by a sinkhole-and attendance soared
Burglar in crotchless pants attacks Brisbane sex store worker with toys (x-post /r/australia)
Canada prisoners escape by helicopter from Quebec jail
2 Dead, Several Injured After Phone Falls Into Open-Pit Toilet: Report
Hey guys do you think this lingerie will spice up my sex life??? Any answer will be appreciated :)
Ben Ghazi Just Wants His Old Life Back
Man Shoots Mom, Walks Her to Hospital
Grahamstown undertaker charged for sawing off corpse's legs
Oculus Rift is "Anti-Social," Grand Theft Auto Parent Company CEO Says
Blue Angels descended into porn, homophobia and harassment, study says
Schwarzenegger says he's 'pumped up' for nationwide redistricting reform
Zoo Staff Accidentally Shoot Man In Gorilla Suit
A VET has shot a tranquilizer dart into a zoo employee dressed in a gorilla suit
Indian state minister says rapes happen 'accidentally'
Gordon Ramsay's dwarf porn double Percy Foster dies in badger den [X-post r/todayIlearned]
Shop manager pelted with sex toys in Australian stick-up
Route of America's First Cross Country Drive [550x350]
Mother and son die after falling into cesspool trying to retrieve dropped cellphone
Argentina appoints new secretary of 'national thought'
'Raping makes us feel free': DR Congo's soldiers reveal astonishing stories
Fox News guest says white liberal nerds love Neil deGrasse Tyson so much "he could defecate on them"
Vet shoots zoo keeper by mistake during gorilla escape drill
Dunloy slurry tragedy: Robert Christie 'bubbly wee character'
North Dakota drunken driver gets pulled over, pretends not to speak English: cops
1 in 5 Americans believe the sun revolves around the earth.
Ebay bans man from selling his soul.
China's plans to bulldoze mountains could cause environmental problems
Tea Party Candidate Creates Fake Organization, Endorses Herself In Ad
Johnny Baseball: Padres For Some Reason Draft Johnny Manziel With 837th Pick
Wearable submarine to hunt for 2000-year-old computer
Tucker Carlson defends trucker after Tracy Morgan crash: Sleep driving not always reckless.
More Time Sought for Robber Who Was Homesick for Prison
Metalhead Dad Photobombs Baby Photos, Angers Internet
Guy Transforms Apartment Into an Arcade, Fiancée Promptly Dumps Him
new Cop Movie kills all Cop Movies
The dolphin who loved me
Shaquille O'Neale Sells Huge Florida Home for Ten Dollars
Posh London apartment complex puts up metal spikes to deter homeless
Top 10 Most Expensive Desserts
Toronto man gets suspended sentence for masturbating while holding a cucumber in public
Indian minister says rapes happen 'accidentally'
Supercomputer passes the Turing test by mimicking a teenager
2 die, 3 injured after woman drops cell phone into toilet
Australian player finds giant spider in his room in Brazil, "I won't be able to sleep tonight"
Man shoots self in penis with girlfriend's pink pistol, charges possible
Florida sex-offender who had relations with 16-year-old granted refugee status in Canada
Rats Regret Making the Wrong Decision
Computer passes Turing Test for first time by convincing judges it is a 13-year-old boy
Nurse spreads the word about Men's health in unassuming way
Police fear rise in domestic violence during World Cup | Society | The Guardian
Florida sex offender granted asylum in Canada
Phoenix Woman Banned From Doing Cartwheels
Justin Bieber baptized in NYC bathtub in attempt to purify
Thousands of naked bicyclists stage festive Portland protest ride
Rohnert Park polling place draws zero voters
Condoms to be given to sixth-graders in Gervais
Billionaire Heir Sentenced To Four Months In Jail For Sexually Assaulting His Stepdaughter
Pennsylvania Teachers Aide Suspended for Feeding Students Pet Snacks He Called Cookies
Immigrants bringing diseases across border? Delousing showers next?
Alpha-male bear facing castration as sexual dominance threatens population
Family calls police after angry cat holds them hostage
2 dead, 3 injured after woman drops cell phone in toilet
China's plans to bulldoze mountains will be environmental disaster
Man with bent penis raped woman, 23, as she slept
'Homeless spikes' installed outside London flats
Pastor's wife sends body double to sit pleasantly on front pew
World Outraged After Swanky London Apartment Building Adds Metal Spikes to Keep Homeless Away
Citizen Pulls Over Drunken Cop, Locks Him in His Own Cruiser
Man charged with putting M&M's down a 12 year olds pants in a Burger King
Baylor fan tries to baptize Texas Tech fans in the name of Art Briles
Two die in toilet cell phone rescue attempt
Texas School's Ban On 'Toxic' Sunscreen Leaves Student Severely Sunburned
Sugar Cum Is a Sexual Supplement That Makes Guys' Semen Taste Sweet
2 die, 3 hurt after woman drops new cell phone into toilet
Doug Fister Displays Impressive, Painful Flexibility
Sonoma teens arrested after renting $240,000 sports car
'Dating Lesson' Asks Eighth-Grade Girls To Publicly Declare How Far They Will Go Sexually
Syria calls in North Korea to monitor its presidential election
Judge: NSA can keep deleting data it was ordered to retain
Lakeland man hit brother with majuana plants
2 die, 3 injured after woman drops cell phone in toilet | FOX5 San Diego
Gun-mounted flashlights implicated in increase of accidental police shootings across U.S.
Woman drops cell phone in toilet, two die in rescue attempt.
Video-gamers not 'losers', study finds
He's An Impostor, The Navy Says About Cap'n Crunch
Two People Dead After An Attempt to Retrieve a Cellphone From a Toilet
Motorised esky driver apprehended by WA Police on West Coast Drive
2 dead after trying to retrieve cellphone from toilet.
FDA Rules No Wooden Boards in Cheese Aging
Missouri woman wins 2014 Miss Kansas competition
Zoo Worker Accidentally Tranquilizes Guy In Gorilla Suit
'Downton Abbey' Craze Serves Up A Demand For Butlers
Mummified remains of a UNT student found with a flute in his anus
Philippine, Vietnamese troops drink beer, play volleyball on disputed isle
'Locks of love' bridge in Paris evacuated
Kauai man gets probation for making son, 8, walk 1 mile home
Male faces 'buttressed against punches' by evolution
Emile Jean-Baptiste-Philippe Bin (1825 - 1897, French)
Now He's In A Pickle: Serial Library Cucumber Masturbator Sentenced
Thailand unrest: Get happy, army tells citizens
Thailand's military coup leaders order public to be happy
Human face evolved to be punched
New Philippine Basketball Association Team Kia Names Manny Pacquiao as Head Coach
2 dead, 3 injured after woman drops cell phone into toilet.
5-year-old UP boy's penis chopped off for peeing in neighbour's field
Woman who had sex with dolphin during lab experiments speaks out for first time
Eurofighter accident at Spanish Moron base near Seville
Australian man arrested for driving drunk on beer cooler
Driver of Motorized Beer Cooler Charged With Drunk Driving
Hillary Clinton was 'dead broke' leaving the White House despite $400k income
Saudi divorces wife for buying beverage can
NRA backtracks from rare instance of making sense
Eurofighter crashes at Spain's Moron base near Seville
Your cat sees your pet-owner relationship much differently, it actually thinks you're a "larger, non-hostile" cat.
Florida man accused of assaulting brother with marijuana plants
Colorado teen's music so loud, he doesn't hear impending tornado
The war on Bob Bergdahl's beard is being fought by traitors to humanity
Leftists accuse Kochs of helping poor minorities go to college
Woman drops cell phone in toilet, two die in rescue attempt - CNET
Baylor fan removed from baseball game after dousing fans with water, claims they'll be baptized by Art Briles
Eurofighter jet crashes at Moron Air Base
'Mystery sea monster' eats 9-foot great white shark
Singer sued for being too old and ugly for Pink cover band
Why are countries still using the fake bomb detectors sold by a convicted British conman?
Stonington police charge twin sisters with driving under the influence in separate incidents less than 24 hours apart.
Top 10 Diseases with Obscure BenefitsMix Top Ten Lists
2 people killed, others hurt after woman drops cell phone in toilet
Rays turn to Seminole medicine man
No shirt, no shoes, no stealing: Maryland man in shorts and socks arrested for taking candy
Qatar 2022: Sepp Blatter says corruption claims are racist
India's Rape Uproar Ignites Demand To End Open Defecation
Former Catholic archbishop wasn't sure whether he knew it was illegal for priests to have sex with children
Teacher Accused Of Kidnapping Students, Forcing Them To Go To Jack In The Box
Rihanna Responds to CFDA Dress Controversy By Comparing Herself to Peter Griffin
Justin Bieber baptised in a bathtub to cleanse himself from sin after racist films
ifa president Sepp Blatter claims allegations surrounding the Qatar 2022 World Cup bid are motivated by racism.
Police Find 1500 Heroin Bricks, Live Chicken At Former Steeler's Home
A computer program has successfully managed to fool a bunch of researchers into thinking that it was a 13-year-old boy named Eugene Goostman.
Archbishop Robert J. Carlson claims he was unaware sexual abuse was a crime
Two dead, several injured after woman drops phone into toilet
Women warned to steer clear of gangsters after Real Housewives of Vancouver star's daughter injured in drive-by
Justin Bieber gets baptized in a bathtub
Tampa Bay Rays turn to Seminole medicine man after losing 12 of 13
Dad Hits Teacher With Baseball Bat After 'Inappropriate' Texts Sent To Daughter
Slender Man Now Linked to 3 Violent Acts
FIFA World Cup 2014: Blatter states 'racism' behind corruption claims
Venezuelan Prostitutes Earn More Selling Dollars Than Sex
Florida Congressman: If Humans Cause Climate Change, Then 'Why Did The Dinosaurs Go Extinct'?
Daycare staff charged with running a toddler fight club.
Police seek man with 'large ears' in Boston bank robbery
Shirtless Man Charged With Trying to Steal Candy
Police investigating theft of bunny costume
George Will: Being a victim of sexual assault is a "coveted status that confers privileges"
Marshall McLuhan and SEO
Michael Jackson Kids' Are Given a $8M a Year Allowance
Police investigating theft of bunny costume. No joke.
Justin Bieber Baptized, Washes Away Racism
Nic Cage Wears A Shirt With Nic Cage's Face On It At A Guns N' Roses Concert
SoCal Teacher Allegedly Pulled Knife on Students, Demanded They Drive Him to Fast-Food Restaurant
This IS The Look: Nicolas Cage Wears A T-Shirt With His Face On It
Chinese research scientists use an unfortunate acronym in their paper on copper nanotubes
Bride criticized for tying her baby to the back of her wedding dress | BreakingNews.ie
Paris bridge rail collapses under weight of too much love.
Castration Looms for Alpha Bear
Two arrested for having sex on beach in knee high water in front of children.
Saudi divorces wife over cheese sambosa.
Kenny Powers has been drafted by the Yankees
Jaden Smith Cast As Trayvon Martin in Will Smith Produced Film. George Zimmerman to Receive $3.2 Million Consultant Fee.
School burglars eat Popsicles, release hamster
Jean-Marie Le Pen under fire for suggesting Jewish singer Patrick Bruel should be put in oven
Vehicle pursuit starts in Rockport, ends in Corpus Christi police parking lot
Man shot with tranquilliser dart at Tenerife zoo 'was not wearing gorilla suit'
Couple in Las Vegas shooting asked to leave Cliven Bundy's ranch due to "their radical beliefs"
Man gets trapped in out of control elevator that rockets up to the roof before stopping (with video)
Houston zoo puts pregnant elephant on jumbo weight-loss plan
Feminist freakout after Miss Nevada dares suggest self defense training for women
In the 1970s, FIFA head Sepp Bletter was president of an organization that tried to stop women replacing suspender belts with pantyhose.
In the 1970s, FIFA head Sepp Blatter was president of an organization that tried to stop women switching from suspender belts to pantyhose.
Sitting Is Bad for You. So I Stopped. For a Whole Month.
Zoo employee shot with gorilla tranq dart
Man provokes stingray, man is attacked by stingray
1 horse dead, 1 recovering after being injected with gasoline
Joe Maddon Calls In Medicine Man To Fix The Rays
BREAKING: Obama Went to Starbucks Almost All By Himself
Clinton says pair 'dead broke' after White House
Luxury apartments put spikes outside to keep homeless away
Paris Bridge Collapses Under Weight of "Love Locks"
Opening soon: Gun range with a bar
Man charged with DUI says blood will only test positive for God
Womman beaten to death with metal bar in Chinese McDonalds
Paris Bridge Collapses From Weight of 'Love Locks'
Quadrocopter pilot gets attacked by drone-hating woman
Lego asks government to remove Scottish independence images
'Locks of love' cause heartbreak in Paris as bridge cracks under weight
Child firing a machine gun during recess
A simple request for one little boy.
Seattle physician suspended over allegations of sexting during surgery
difference between frog and toad
The hidden cost of Gangnam Style
Two die trying to get cell phone out of open pit toilet
Bulletproof blanket seeks to shield kids during school shooting
Paris Pont des Arts bridge collapses under weight of 'love locks' left by tourists
Pizza shop owner paid employees in Pizza and soft drinks, fined $335k
Miss USA v online feminism
Pizza shop owner who paid young workers in pizza fined $335k
Oregon man lives inside retired Boeing 727 jet
La Porchetta owner who paid young workers in pizza fined $335k
This might be a first: A Seattle doctor is suspended for sexting during surgery
Microsoft Shifts Emphasis of Xbox One Console to Games
Facts Are Murky on Location of Dead Babies in Ireland
Young, gay and homeless: the US rough sleepers rejected by religious parents
Cow roaming city streets sparks armed police chase
Anti-homeless spikes at London residential block.
Woman Who Made Sweet, Gentle Love With a Dolphin Says It Was Sensuous
Police chase lost Highland cow wandering the streets in Sheffield
Sportsbet's Jesus balloon World Cup stunt called arrogant by Reverend Tim Costello
Washington Nationals' success credited to banana and mayonnaise sandwiches
Woman who had sexual relationship with a dolphin, speaks for the first time
Adopting a state governor's favorite color for your homes will get you a tax rebate.
South Korea Spider Man Causing Controversy Because His Boner Is Pointing Towards A Kids' Playground
Man arrested for sexting police officer after initially calling about suspicious vehicle
Former Mexican mayor says he stole public funds -- but only 'poquito'
Man on tractor arrested after low-speed pursuit.
Taxi! Mexico cab it to World Cup practice after bus dies
Man adores pop star, buys loads of chips and gets arrested
Second stabbing may be linked to 'Slender Man'
Manhattan man turns his apartment into an arcade, and lost his fiancee in the process
Doctor suspended after he allegedly sexted with patient during surgery
Bodyguard Bulletproof Blanket For Kids
RICHARD LITTLEJOHN: So when will being 'white British' become a crime?
Man smashed ex's car with golf club because she wouldn't go drinking with him, police say
Paris Bridge Collapses Under the Weight of Symbolic 'Love Locks'
Italy: TV ad tells Russian tourists to 'smile more'
A Company Has Designed a Bulletproof Blanket to Protect Kids
St. Louis archbishop claims he wasn't sure it was illegal for priests to have sex with kids
Dog pooing on US Flight causes it to make emergency landing.
13-Year-Old Boy Tried as Adult Because of Penis Size
St. Louis Archbishop Carlson claims to be uncertain if he knew sexual abuse was a crime
Archbishop Robert J. Carlson Can't Remember If He Knew Raping Kids Is a Crime
Unemployed People Are More Likely To Be Depressed - YottaFire
Archbishop Carlson says he wasn't sure he knew sex with a child was a crime
A Company Has Designed A Bulletproof Blanket To Protect Kids During School Shootings
The First Vertebrate Sexual Organs Evolved as an Extra Pair of Legs
Archbishop 'didn't know' child sex was crime
Elk romps through central Helsinki
Bulletproof blankets designed to shield kids during school shootings, tornadoes
NSA: Our systems are so complex we can't stop them from deleting data wanted for lawsuit
Ice Cube's son cast as Ice Cube in movie about Ice Cube.
A Bulletproof Blanket To Protect Kids During School Shootings
Odd Couple: Heinz and Ford partnering up to research turning tomato fibers into auto parts
2 dead, others hospitalized after woman drops phone into cesspool in China
St. Louis archbishop deposed, says he never reported priest abuse admission
California teens rent McLaren MP4-12C using stolen credit card
Machine Cemetery: Diggers Bury Selves in Unmarked Graves
Chicago Public Schools prom slogan: 'This Is Are Story'
Young and in Debt in New York City: Student Loans Make it Hard to Rent or Buy a Home (x-post from r/economics)
A man and his mother in law have died after trying to get their phone from a toilet.
Two people die after cell phone falls into toilet
Two die after looking for dropped cell phone in toilet
Men's faces designed to be punched, study suggests
Bailiff asks reporter to cover shoulders before entering a Utah courthouse
Two boys show BMO how to hack into ATMs, branch manager sends note excusing them for being late to class
Meet the meat-free options at Toronto's first vegetarian butcher shop
Stalingrad name may return to city in wave of second world war patriotism
Police: Woman assaults boyfriend after he says bad things about her in his sleep
At Least One Victim 'Tickled' in Overnight Home Invasions
Yarn-bomber's protest blanket hits trams
Jaguar India customer miffed, says donkey is better than XF
Serial cucumber masturbator sentenced after indecent act in library
Serial cucumber masturbator sentenced after being recognised in library
Ford may make cars out of Heinz ketchup
NOPD: Man holds woman at gunpoint, demands sex, falls asleep
St. Louis Archbishop Didn't Know Sex With Children Was a Crime
Low Speed Tractor and Police Chase Not as Uncommon as It Sounds [Video]
Karen Gravano "too fat" to sue over her likeness in GTAV.
Woman reveals she had sex with dolphin during 1960s NASA experiment (VIDEO)
Kim Kardashian Look-Alike Is Reportedly Mexico's Most Ruthless Killer
Man Sentenced For Masturbating In a Public Library While Holding A Cucumber
Kids with operator's manual alert bank officials: "We hacked your ATM"
brazilian man undergoes 10 surgeries to look korean
Men's faces evolved to be punched, study suggests
Radio 4 accidently skips Shipping Forecast leading to mild confusion, apocalypse fears
Prescott Valley man arrested after trying to shoot the moon with a handgun
Future Humans Will All Look Brazilian
FDA May Destroy American Artisan Cheese Industry
FDA Rules that cheeses may not be aged on wooden boards.
Ford, Heinz Working To Make Car Parts From Tomatoes
Two boys show BMO how to hack into ATMs, branch manager sends note excusing them for being late to class (found in r/canada)
Milkshake the Rescue Cow Thinks She's a Dog
Killing a Patient to Save His Life
Chesterfield police officer accused of recording restroom patrons, posting to porn site
3 car pile up because teen held his breath while driving through a tunnel
This Girl Will Date 100 Dudes in SF by End of Summer
Italy to Include Prostitution and Illegal Drugs in GDP
No option left but to suck CO2 out of air, says IPCC
Statehood? Who Needs Statehood? Puerto Rican Group Wants To Reunite With Spain
Man wrecks car on way to hospital after being shot in the face.
Texas Republicans officially endorse treatment of those seeking to escape from the homosexual lifestyle.
Seattle doctor gets caught sexting during surgery
Two die after cell phone falls in toilet.
Grandson of Golden Gate Bridge suicide barrier advocate jumps to death from span
L.A. teacher accused of abducting students at knife-point, wanted fast food.
Boeing hidden deep in Oregon forest
Top 10 Causes of WWI - Technology Lists Daily
Boeing 727 hidden in Oregon forest
What are some funny titles for this 50th anniversary picture?
In The Future, Your Car Interior Could Be Made Of Tomatoes
Hillary Clinton picks Miami Heat over San Antonio Spurs, is clearly running in 2016
Archbishop Says He Wasn't Really Sure Whether Raping Children Was a Crime in 1984
WWE Owner Vince McMahon Still Mad At Barack Obama
Aviation community demands action on alcohol to combat increase in 'air rage'
Eric Cantor succumbs to tea party challenger Tuesday
Alleged 'serial tickler' strikes in Brighton
Rarely used procedure results in twins born 24 days apart
Quebec announces new measures against helicopters at jails
Orphaned baby rhino Gertjie refuses to sleep alone after witnessing his mother's death at the hands of poachers
String of home invasions could be tied to serial tickler
Bulletproof Blankets Made For Kids To Use During School Shootings Are Available In America
Chihuahua chases, wrecks Harley-Davidson motorcycle in Riverton
Illinois governor signs 'cupcake bill,' pre-teen bakers rejoice
Philippines senator charged with corruption makes music video.
No female leads in Assassin's Creed Unity 'unfortunate but a reality of game development' - Ubi
MI State Police: Man intended to drive forklift 30 miles on US-131
Woman Waits In Line For 21 Years To Immigrate Into US, Then Gets Turned Away For Being Too Old
Buy live Tadpoles for sale
Pot-Growing Lights Are Interfering with Local Radio Waves in Colorado
Worker said devil seduced him when he stabbed roommate, Dubai court hears
Failed GOP candidate changes name to 'Cesar Chavez,' switches parties to run in Hispanic district
Eric Cantor loses Virginia Republican Party primary
Woman reveals she had a sexual relationship with a dolphin
'Downton Abbey' Craze Serves Up A Demand For Butlers : NPR
Couple reveals secret to their successful relationship: 'His and Hers' homes
Beijing Hipsters Walk Cabbages On Leashes
37 bags of dead dogs found in Tennessee home of self-proclaimed 'rescuer'
A mother who poisoned her young daughter with chemotherapy drugs to get attention has been jailed for six years.
Gold Coast mother jailed for six years for poisoning daughter with cancer drugs 'to get attention
Anti-Homeless Spikes: Weapon Against Outdoor Sleepers Draws Angry Backlash
The Use of Prepaid Virtual Credit Card
Nasa to stage 'flying saucer' test
Couple Uses Raging Wildfire as Backdrop for Wedding Photos
Fight rages over definition of Tennessee whiskey
St. Louis Archbishop Says He's Unsure Whether He Knew Sex With Children Was A Crime
Geese march down street, confuse everyone
Man continues road trip with girlfriend's body after she dies
Miracle black baby born to white parents
America's highest paid female executive had sex change
City council asked to appoint deputy-deputy mayor
Man in gorilla costume shot with tranquilizer at Spanish zoo
Mom Talking to Daughter as Teen Falls off Cliff
How A Lack Of Toilets Puts India's Women At Risk Of Assault
Mom on phone with daughter as 18-year-old falls off cliff in Alaska; she only has scratches
McDonald's puts patent on sandwiches
McDonald's Wants to Patent How It Makes a Sandwich
Boris Johnson agrees to be shot by water cannon to 'prove wisdom' of decision to buy controversial riot equipment for London
Teacher Kidnaps Students and Forces Them to Drive to Jack in the Box
Boris Johnson: 'Blast Me With Water Cannon'
Serial tickler targeting men in Brighton
Sext-happy surgeon suspended for lewd selfies in scrubs
Arizona man arrested for shooting at moon
20 students taken to hospital after first grader brings heroin to school
Man was trying to shoot the moon, cops say
Florida man arrested after beating brother with 3-foot marijuana plant
Restaurant owner fined $335,000 for paying workers in pizza and drinks
Black Man Driving Wife to Work Accused of Being Illegal Cab Driver
Cannabis Lube Will Get Your Vagina High
Canadian politician photoshops rival laughing in front of exploding hospital
Hillary Clinton Revises Financial Status from 'Dead Broke' to 'Obviously Blessed'
The Congressional House Science Committee has held more hearings on extraterrestrial life than on climate change.
6 yr old found chained to bed with snacks and water so dad could go to work.
Ireland 'the most truly Muslim country in the world' - Religious News & Affairs | The Irish Times
East Longmeadow police: Teenager who allegedly harassed turtle at Heritage Park taken home by grandmother; turtle appears to be okay
Seattle Doc Suspended for Sexting During Surgeries
Boris Johnson: Mayor of London agrees to be shot by water cannon to 'prove wisdom'
Man Arrested for Shooting at the Moon
Senator warns of dangers of Ice Cream truck chimes
School cancels reading program rather than promote "hacker culture"
Woman makes up boy on Facebook to talk to her niece, who asks fictional boy to kill her aunt, uncle, cousin and dog
Philly Couple Arrested for Having Sex in Front of Beachgoers: Police
California mayor apparently tossed dog feces on to neighbor's lawn
Morrissey Cancels US Tour After Blaming Cold On Opening Act.
Ford, Heinz Anticipate Autos Made From Tomatoes
Liberals Photoshop Hudak On 'Batman' Terror Attack Image
Professor Says He Was Fired Over Facial Hair On Beer Can
Long Island Medium Actually Big Time Fraud?
Florida woman arrested has most Florida name EVER
Is the lake pictured on every iPad secretly CURSED by the ghosts of disabled babies who were thrown into its waters because they wouldn't survive?
Nevada Democrats Chose 'None of The Above' in Primary
Reddit bans infamous forum about beating women
Sepp Blatter suggests that football could be played on other planets
Woman Called 999 Just Because Her Ice Cream Doesn't Have Enough Sprinkles
NY Woman Claims To Have Been Impregnated By 3D Porn Movie!
Ted Cruz no longer Canadian
Outrage over giant Jesus air-balloon floating over Melbourne
Taxpayers Are Shocked to Discover That When They Vote for Government Services, They Have to Pay for Them
Man stole woman's dentures
Heinz and Ford want to turn leftover ketchup into car parts
Rob Ford musical to hold open casting call Monday
'Your Friend Pervert' Leaves Notes in Maine Mailboxes
Oklahoma Candidate Says Gays Should Be Stoned
Jail For Fishing Rod Rioter
Scott County Jail will get all new exterior light bulbs
Robber Rejects Victim's Subpar Cellphone, Hands It Back, Prosecutors Say
NASA postpones 'flying saucer' test
DUI suspect tells officers they would only find 'the Holy Spirit' in his blood sample
Redhead makes a video about being a ginger
Bullet-Resistant Blanket Could Protect Kids Against School Shootings
Philadelphia pair accused of having sex in surf in Sea Isle City
VIDEO - Car sex trio cut from wreckage
Dad: NJ Threatens to take away son after pencil twirling incident
N Korea: Leader scolds 'inaccurate' weather forecasters
Even Toilets Aren't Safe as Hackers Target Home Devices
Oklahoma Tea Party Candidate Supports Stoning Gay People to Death
Man arrested for trying to shoot the moon. Admits he "might have been a little high"
People who say 'like' all the time may be deeper thinkers
Teen Hiking Dangerous Alaska Mountains Calls Mom on Mobile Phone While Hiking to Tell Her She's Afraid of Falling. Because she's not paying attention to where she's walking, she falls.
13-year-old boy passes the Turing test
Man guilty of having sex with an inflatable pool raft a 3rd time in 3 years
Woman who had sex with a dolphin during lab experiments speaks out for first time.
Surge in property tax bills spurs push to reform tax appraisal process
Hillary Considers Dropping 2016 Bid After Reading One-Star Reviews on Amazon
Millennials Spend More Time Planning Brunch Than They Do Looking for a Date
Hackers change TweetDeck Font to Comic Sans
Candidate Publicly Shaves His Mustache To Prove He's Nothing Like Rival
Hamilton Man Caught Having Sex With A Pool Float...Again
Hamilton man arrested again for having sex with pool float
Vernon teen suspended from school for pencil gesture
GOP Candidate Scott Esk Supports Stoning Gay People to Death
Cops say kayaker lied, shot himself - twice
911 Dispatcher: "If He Shoots You, Call Back"
Florida police arrest woman named Crystal Metheny
Crimea: you've seen the annexation ... now buy the T-shirt
Man arrested and charged *again* for having sex with an inflatable raft.
Ubuntu Causes Girl To Drop Out of College
Kid Twirls a Pencil in Class, N.J. Threatens to Take Him from His Dad and Requires Blood and Urine Testing
Bulletproof blankets would protect students in case of school shooting
Get It Done Day and Office 365 help balance life's demands
Italian porn star Rocco Siffredi gives up sex for to support World Cup team
Father Shoots Dead Robber ...
Italain pornstar Rocco Siffredi vows to be celibate for the duration of Italy's World Cup campaign
Florida governor Rick Scott RETURNED the rescue dog he adopted for his 2010 election campaign
Woman jailed for 2 days for truancy fines dies in prison; judge says jail was his only option
OK GOP candidate: Let cities decide whether gays should be stoned to death
Soldiers who kill in combat less likely to abuse alcohol
Company manufacturing BodyGuard Blanket ... "For use during School Shootings"
Heinz, Ford aim to make car parts from tomato skins
Jamaican police left stranded after thieves steal a beach
Dunkin' Donuts Says Its 600-Calorie Sandwiches Are "Snacks", Not Meals
Two die, three injured after woman drops phone in toilet
Florida woman named Chrystal Metheney Arrested for Firing a Missle into an Occupied Vehicle
Now You See It: Mayor sorry for tossing bag of dog poop
Rare feat: Cantor spent more at steakhouses than opponent did on campaign
Labour councillor posts 'cleavage selfies' on Twitter but nobody knows why - Telegraph
Bulletproof blankets for kids.
Florida woman named 'Crystal Metheney' arrested for firing 'missile' at car
Police arrest a woman called Crystal Metheney
Pat Robertson: Don't 'get your father busted' if he threatens mom with a gun
'I forgave my husband his affair when I became best friends with his mistress. Now we all go on cycling holidays together on a bike he built - and it's called the THREESOME!'
Pat Robertson Tells Child Not to Call Police on Gun-Wielding Dad
Daily Marijuana Use Is Perfectly Healthy, Study Suggests
True The Vote Claims Voting Rights Act Encourages 'Race-Based Segregation'
Hamilton Man Arrested Again for Having Sex With a Pool Float
Edwin Tobergta Accused Of Sex With Pool Raft YET AGAIN
Spider-Man Statue Removed From South Korean Playground Because It Has A Gigantic Boner
Archbishop claims he didn't know it was illegal for priests to have sex with children in the 1980s
Man arrested for trying to shoot the moon... literally
Clumsy man painting nude gets penis jammed in pipe
Toddler Hospitalized After Ingesting Cocaine
The Boston Tickler Strikes Again
Researcher claims she had sex with dolphin during 1960s.
Woman admits having sex with a dolphin as part of a research
Government union wants 'Duck Dynasty' fans fired
Man faces new accusations of having sex with pool float
New green Coke Life launched to fight obesity
Teenagers hack ATM by reading the instructions
GOP rep.: Global warming is a hoax because dinosaurs went extinct without car pollution.
Toilet is a fixture in Kalamazoo Christian baseball team's dugout
Oklahoma Tea Party Candidate Doesn't 'Have A Problem With' Stoning Gays to Death
Japan's national team flew in Pokemon plane to Brazil
Porn Star graduating from college without being harassed or stigmatized
Days says son may be taken away over a pencil-twirling incident
Grumpy Cat to star in Lifetime Christmas movie
The Japanese national team flew to the World Cup in a Pokémon plane
5 Accused of Luring Men to New York Strip Clubs for a Night They Wouldn't Remember
Florida woman named Crystal Metheny arrested in Polk County
Thai junta orders free World Cup TV
Milwaukee bar constructs fake Brazilian slum for yuppies to enjoy the World Cup in
Tony Abbott to unveil plans to have corporations run Australian schools, with children educated to work specifically for the companies running the school.
Tony Abbott backs US-style corporate schools for Australia
Boston tickler sought after multiple home invasions
Woman named Crystal Metheny arrested in Florida
Calif. girl who was declared brain-dead to get diploma
British woman has a migraine, wakes up with Chinese accent
London mayor offers to be blasted by water cannon
Scientists create pee-powered fuel
'Abortion will make women child sex abusers' independent clinics warn
Kim Jong-un slams weather service for inaccurate forecasts
'Abortion will make women child sex abusers' warn British clinics
N. Korean leader complains about weather service
Bachelor party makes impressive fossil discovery in Elephant Butte
61-year-old graffiti vandal led police on a 300m chase on a toy scooter after spray-painting 'Dumb Cops' on the Kingscliff police station
KKK plans to employ US troops in training for upcoming race war (VIDEO)
Archbishop: 'I didn't know sex with kids was a crime'
Toddler found in car with open beer and breath allegedly smelling of drink.
Greenpeace rejoices after getting huge renewable powerplant CANCELLED
Ohio Man Who Cannot Stop Having Sex With Pool Rafts Arrested Again For Having Sex With Pool Raft
The World Is A Terrible Place, New Study Finds
Weather forecasters make Kim Jong Un angry
Man arrested again for sex act with inflatable pool raft
Man Arrested for Soliciting Drugs to Uniformed Officers
Granny, 72, Having A Baby with her grandson.
Man allegedly attacked woman for apparent 'happiness'
"Foreign Accent Syndrome"- Woman wakes up with Chinese accent
State: Seattle doctor sent nude 'selfies,' 'sexted' during surgery
NZ worker sent 'inappropriate' sexy asbestos email
Fan Looking to Buy Only Copy of New Wu-Tang Album and Destroy It, Starts $6 Million Fundraiser
Croats prefer football to sex
Florida man arrested for offering to pay for sex with a salad
Cafeteria worker tosses child's lunch when he's 26 cents short
Can Brazil's World Cup turtle oracle match Paul the Octopus?
Seminary president apologizes for admitting Muslim student
'Brain Dead' California Girl Gets Diploma
Italy Will Include Prostitution and Cocaine Sales in its GDP
Creationist author asks: If evolution is true, "is rape wrong?"
Crumbling Cliff to Send Giant Lake House to Watery Grave
Jahi McMath: 'Brain dead' teen to get honorary diploma
Company Made Workers Pray, Say "I Love You": Lawsuit
Serial Pool Raft Fucker Arrested for Fucking Another Pool Raft
B.C. couple fights back against thieves, with paintballs
Arizona Congressional Race Devolves Into War Over Hispanic Surnames
Woman named Crystal Meth fires missile at car
Texas Rangers Ask Fans Not to Do Wave During Game to Prevent Injuries
Gohmert Uses House Hearing To Debate Whether Non-Christians 'Go To Hell'
Kim Jong-un issues warning to North Korean meteorologists to stop getting the weather forecasts wrong
Sexual harassment by drones a growing concern
Coffee County sheriff making room in jail before Bonnaroo.
Coal Miners Forced To Attend Romney Rally Doomed To Appear In GOP Campaign Ads Forever
Crystal Metheny Allegedly Fired 'Missile' Into Car
Texas Gov. Rick Perry Compares Homosexuality To Alcoholism In San Francisco Appearance
George RR Martin to kill off Facebook employee in Game of Thrones books
Man with penis stuck in PIPE for TWO DAYS has the world's weirdest excuse
Florida Man Rages, Robs After Hearing Cost of Subway's Cookies
Florida woman named Crystal Metheney fires missile at car
Teen Flips out over frozen chicken strips, police say
Chinese man gets penis stuck in pipe, waits 2 days to call for help with a great excuse as to how it happened
Chinese man gets penis stuck in pipe, waits 2 days to call for help with a grey excuse as to how it happened
Texas Gov. Rick Perry compares homosexuality to alcoholism
Students defend professor after sit-in over racial climate.
GOP State Legislator Asks Why America Can't Be More Like Saudi Arabia
Sterling's wife has wild list of demands contingent on Clippers sale
'Cool Kids' Don't Stay Cool Forever, Study Suggests
'None Of The Above' Tops Nevada's Dem Gubernatorial Primary
Shelley Sterling's wild perks if sale of LA Clippers goes through include title of 'Clippers Number 1 Fan' and 'Owner Emeritus'
Declassified report: Two nuclear bombs nearly wiped out North Carolina
North Korea's Kim Jong Un gets angry at the weather guys
Grumpy Cat not amused by star role in 'Worst Christmas Ever'
Nintendo now playstations according to la times
Dollarama sales rise as stores sell more products above a dollar
'Brain dead' US teen to get diploma
Rick Perry Is Not a Neanderthal, Says Rick Perry
Lionel Richie performs 4th of July concert at Red Rocks Amphitheater on June 11th
Man Arrested For Having Sex With A Pool Float. For the 4th Time.
Woman Named Crystal Metheney Arrested For Shooting Missile Into A Car
NASA unveils its futuristic warp drive starship - called Enterprise, of course
Italian girl plunges 60ft to her death as she attempted to take a selfie while on jagged rocks in the seaside town of Taranto
Chinese man gets penis stuck in pipe, waits 2 days to call for help
Baby Moose are not Pets
'Call of duty' video gamer gets 'swatted' when someone calls 911 on his family
Defendant freed from jail because of California jury's mistake dies in stabbing hours later
Oakland: Suspect steals bike, breaks bike, runs into police investigator
Two dead after woman drops phone into toilet
Saltine The Cat Shot With Arrow; Police Search For Suspect
It's Time To Publicly Execute Ronald McDonald
Froggie Went A Courtin': Amphibians Wed in India
Disgruntled Fans Make Petition to Get Beyonce to Comb Blue Ivy's Hair
Waffle House waitress finally gets $1,000 Mother's Day tip
Pet Pig Saves Family From Fire
Brain-dead California teen to get school diploma: family
Indiana GOP candidate: Nobody has guts to let poor wither and die
Indiana GOP Candidate Complains No One Will Allow Poor People to 'Wither and Die'
Man Gets Stabbed To Death After Jury Accidentally Lets Him Go
Indiana GOP candidate: Call a spade a spade and let the poor wither and die
Iowa Man's Cadillac Burns Wood To Burn Rubber
Woodward Man Driving on Wood
World Cup 2014: Brazil's Marcelo scores first goal of tournament to give Croatia the lead
Archbishop claims he wasn't sure if it was illegal for priests to have sex with kids
Shocking own goal puts Brazil down in their opening game against Croatia
Dog Owners Wade Into Vaccine Debate
I thought Israel was better than this..
Harrison Ford Injured by Millennium Falcon, Airlifted to Hospital
Christopher Colon gets year in jail for epic rant against Judge John Hurley in Florida courtroom
Woman Who Shot Missile Into Car Has Most Florida Name EVER
Court: Inmate can't be punished for doing as told
Gun Violence Spurs Grim Industry - Bulletproof Items for Kids
Regular Lady Gets Awesome Funeral
Couple Makes Meth At Library
Woman Calls Emergency Services: Ice Cream Vendor Didn't Give Me Enough Sprinkles
JK Rowling donates £1m to Scottish independence 'No' campaign and calls some nationalists 'Death Eaters'
Atheism explodes in Saudi Arabia
JK Rowling calls Scottish nationalists 'Death Eaters' - and donates £1m to union campaign
Boulder nixes head-first diving off Scott Carpenter Pool's diving boards
In S.F., Rick Perry compares homosexuality to alcoholism
Study: Teens are texting more
Fresno felon fatally attacked minutes after jail release on jury's mistake | Crime
Rick Perry: Homosexuality is like alcoholism
Facing massive strikes, mining corporations may soon use weaponized drones to control workers
Ubisoft says adding women is too difficult
12-Page Math Paper Supposedly Explains Insanely Elaborate Penis Joke
White Student Booted From White Privilege Session..His Race Was Too Offensive
What's wrong with bicycle helmets?
Former President George H.W. Bush Jumps out of Helicopter to Mark 90th Birthday
Rick Perry compares homosexuality to alcoholism; you can quit if you want
Big Sean Will Be Principal for Day at Detroit School (x-post from hiphopheads)
Harrison Ford airlifted to hospital after Millennium Falcon crushes him in accident on Star Wars set
George H.W. Bush jumps out of helicopter to mark 90th birthday
Woman who cares for 100,000 cockroaches in home: 'These are all my children'
European court: Death doesn't end holiday benefits
Leaders: Ironman, Little Debbie form fitting partnership for upcoming triathlon
NC high school grad won't get diploma after stripping on stage
Plastic surgeon offers to help man with enormous scrotum
"Crystal Methany" arrested, but amazingly not for drugs
Creationist Guy Discovers Ugly Truth About Evolution: It's Just An Excuse For Rape
Where's the beef? Police scratching heads over missing cows
Beef penis improperly sold for human consumption, suit alleges
Florida woman named Crystal Metheny arrested for firing "missile" into car
Polish town erects statue of a urinating Lenin
Jamaica government announces major changes to drug laws
Polish City Erects Statue of Peeing Lenin
Most Louisiana state buildings will have at least some seats with arms in the future
Kitten-shooting cop back in headlines for shooting animals in front of small children and telling them Santa isn't real
Mom Petitions for "Awesome" Name for Child
King Felipe may change his name 'so as not to annoy Catalunya'
Prescott Valley man arrested after trying to shoot moon with handgun
SANTA ANA, Calif.: Woman dies in overgrown yard with kitten in lap
Kelly Rowland Pregnant with Future Personal Assistant to Blue Ivy
Trader Joe's NYC Store Defends 'Racist, Sexist, and Misogynistic' Songs on Playlist
Chicago woman attacked for being too happy
Romanian princess Irina to plead guilty in cockfighting ring, records show
Kim Jong Un warns weather men for incorrect forcasts
Romanian Princess Arrested In Oregon Cockfighting Ring
Family Turns Mother's Funeral Into 'Party,' Has Corpse Hold Menthol
California man freed by jury mistake is found dead
Kids break into radio station, swear at listeners.
Kids swear live on air during community radio station break-in
Beef penis swap spawns lawsuit against local grocer
Louis Vuitton Shoes For Men sale
Bulletproof blankets sales beat 'wildest expectations' even before production starts
Xbox One ad switches on consoles
Milwaukee bar constructs fake favela (slum) for yuppies to enjoy World Cup
Child porn videos for research, court told
Two dead three injured after woman drops cell phone in toilet
Deputies: Longwood iPad thieves make getaway in kayak
Rabbi on scooter chases down burglary suspect in Palm Beach
Man Breaking Into Homes, Tickling Victims
Russia accuses Ukraine of 'annexing' the Crimea
Fast food chain give free burritos if you buy their bonds
Jamaica to decriminalize personal marijuana possession
Oklahoma GOPer: "We would be totally in the right" if the state started executing gay people
COO of South Africa's public broadcaster receives a wife, a cow, and a calf as a gift
Long Term Loans For Bad Credit, Long Term Payday Loans
Vessyl - Automatically Know What's Inside
Bestiality would be outlawed under NJ Assembly bill
There were doves at the World Cup opening! (They are now dead)
Police: Woman stuffed seven lobster tails in her pants
Woman 'gives birth' to lizard, gets accused of witchcraft
Why America Doesn't Like Soccer, And How That Can Be Changed (x-post /r/Soccer)
'Inoffensive' new Black Pete causes offence
Cool dead woman hangs out at her own funeral
France World Cup play-off win helped cause Ukraine crisis, says Domenech
There's no such thing as an atheist baby
Man gets penis stuck in pipe for two days!
Atheism explodes in Saudi Arabia, despite state-enforced ban
Putin's War on Pillows
Man breaking into homes in Boston, tickling unsuspecting victims
Pictured: Two 12-year-old girls who tried to stab friend to death as sacrifice to mythical 'Slender Man'
Jamaica to relax some restrictions on using pot
Bachelor Party Unearths Ancient Ruins
The Highest-Paid Woman CEO Was Born A Man
Police hunting 'serial tickler'
Winner crowned in 10th annual New York toilet paper wedding dress contest
Wee willies: Smallest-penis contest returns to Bushwick
Human faces evolved to be punched by human fists, researchers say.
From gawkers to gearheads, Kentucky's Corvette museum sees uptick in visitors since sinkhole
Man Exonerated in Murder Case Accused of Another Killing
NASA hopes to launch 'flying saucer' after delay
Metta World Peace to Join Girls High School Basketball Team as Assistant Coach
Meta World Peace to be assistant coach on girls high school team next season.
Homeless Chinese Man Claims Girls' Generation's Seohyun as Dead Wife
Eli Manning: Brother Peyton Is The Better QB, But I'm The Better Lover
Burrito Bonds:free burritos for investors.
Grandson & His Granny, 72, Having A Baby Together
I Survived A Helicopter Crash While Carring 300lbs Of Avalanche Explosives!
ABC, NBC Too Busy With O.J. Simpson Police Chase Anniversary To Cover V.A. Scandal
Lobster Thief Stuffed Frozen Tails in Pants
Alleged bike molester arrested
6th Graders, Forced to Test Common Core, Demand Compensation
Car crashes through plate glass at CNN Center
Man arrested for trying to murder the moon
Wife no help as man misses stop sign
secret Service Requests Software to Track Social Media; Detect Sarcasm
Times Square Statue Of Liberty Arrested For Brawling With Fellow Times Square Statue Of Liberty
What a perfect pair! Puppies born GREEN for no apparent reason
WATCH LIVE: Mansion dangling off cliff in Texas set on fire
Career criminal is killed minutes after jury mistakenly sets him free
Sen. Thad Cochran on childhood: We'd do 'all kinds of indecent things with animals'
Metta World Peace to be an assistant high school girls basketball coach
The Lack of Major Wars May Be Hurting Economic Growth
Users complain 'Breaking Bad's Aaron Paul ad is switching on Xbox One
Verizon Says It Wants to Kill Net Neutrality to Help Blind, Deaf, and Disabled People.
CNN cuts school shootings since Newtown from 74 to 15 to appease gun advocates
Police: Waffle House employee shoots, kills customer
Problem solved: Man has home dangling from cliff burnt down
Looking for love, man punched and robbed instead
High school coach: World Peace joining staff
PETA Wants Murder Suspect Accused of Cannibalism to Go On All-Vegan Diet
Running for President Is Hurting Hillary Clinton's Presidential Campaign
Man lives on top of his house after it becomes too littered inside
Frogs wed in India to make it rain (WESH 2 Orlando)
Company forced employees to practice onion based religion
Pandas will not predict World Cup, says China
Intern Suggests Maybe New Jersey Should Ban Bestiality
Man steals $20,000 from parking meters
Action film starring 71 year-old man hits snag
Weapons Suspect Says He Was Helping Police Get Shooters Off The Street'
Doves released in World Cup opener die shortly after - FIFA World Cup 2014
Kim Jong Un is really mad at his weathermen
Phillies GM Ruben Amaro Has No Idea How At-Bats Differ From Plate Appearances
NJWEEDMAN's aim to become congressman hits a snag
13 Year Old Boy passes Turing Test, convinces panel of middle aged men that he's human
Texas Governor Perry Compares Homosexuality To Alcoholism
Norridgewock 'gun tattoo' man arrested with real gun
Grandma, 72, to Have Baby with Lover Grandson
Fight between tree trimmers leads to chainsaw-shovel duel
Woman Dies in Jail While Serving Sentence for Her Kid's Unpaid School Fines
England v Italy: Manaus World Cup pitch 'painted green' amid fears over condition
Senior Citizen Spray Paints Police Station. Led Cops on Low-speed Chase as He Fled on Toy Scooter Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/senior-citizen-spray-paints-police-station-led-cops-low-speed-chase-fled-toy-scooter/#MvZlm6PJKrYY425e.99
Senior Citizen Spray Paints Police Station. Led Cops on Low-speed Chase as He Fled on Toy Scooter
Christianity Today Should Not Have Published a Rapist's Story
Woman named Crystal Metheny arrested for firing 'offensive missile'
Man wears KKK hood to City Commission Meeting, wins freedom of speech lawsuit. He's black.
IRS: So... Our Computer Crashed And Erased All Of Lois Lerner's Emails
'Breaking Bad' star Aaron Paul is controlling your Xbox One - CNET
Viral Facebook dare leaves 1 dead, 1 injured in France
911 dispatch tells rape victim to "quit crying"
Georgia Waffle House worker fatally shoots customer who refused to leave
Washington firefighters called in to rescue intoxicated man from tree
Egyptian TV: Simpsons Episode Proves Syria War Is U.S. Conspiracy.
Tunisia: Muslim Dad Of The Year Burns Daughter To Death For Walking Home From School With Male Classmate
Poachers using chainsaws and helicopters slaughter 68 elephants in Africa's oldest park
Montana man arrested for DUI after trying to bail out wife for same offense
After 7 Years, Startup Reveals $199 Cup
Rauner uses live chickens to outline cost-cutting plans
Hail Storm Strikes Flamingo Flock At Abilene Zoo
Amino acid IV drip subsidy for highschoolers studying for exams in China
You Can Now Post Your Breastfeeding Photos on Facebook Without Penalty
Gamer's webcam catch armed men while streaming Dota 2.
Mother jailed because kids skipped school dies in cell
Young Russians yearn for the glory days of the Soviet Union - despite not having experienced it
Shocking study concludes 'cool kids' significantly less cool after high school
Jesus 'may have visited England', says Scottish academic
Police respond to disturbance involving nearly 400 teenagers in downtown Winston-Salem, 1 arrested
Denver County Fair's planned Beer Pavilion goes up in smoke; Pot Pavilion doubles in size [xpost from /r/beer]
Missing Child Turns Out to Be Missing Parrot
Seattle Hipster Dognapper wanted by police
Woman Quits College, Blames Ubuntu, Is Flamed by Overzealous Fanboys
Woman named Crystal Metheny arrested for Shooting Missile at Car
Pope to Soccer Fans: 'Stop Being Racist'
Ukrainian armed forces violate Russian border: Moscow sends note of protest
Caned by wife for refusing sex
Four more people hospitalised after taking SnapChat
Cheap Air Max Shoes, Air Max Shoes for Sale, Discount Nike Air Max, Nike Shoes for Cheap
Salad-for-sex deal made during prostitution sting, police say
Polish town erects fluorescent statue of Lenin urinating called 'Fountain of the Future'
Jason Momoa Will Play Aquaman in Batman vs. Superman
Mother of 7 dies in jail because her kids skipped school
Ireland 'leads the world in Islamic values as Muslim states lag'
Dead or meditating? A guru awaits his fate in the freezer
Ireland 'the most truly Muslim country in the world'
Metal Gear Solid V Has Horses That Poop In Real-Time
Getting to Know Whale Vaginas in 7 Steps
PD: Men attacked by mob for stopping shoplifter
Feds drop marriage fraud case after arresting couple in their marital bed
Japanese man arrested after allegedly stealing hundreds of school girl uniforms to wear
13-year-old tried as an adult due to penis size.
Teen charged for skipping class to film porn in high school hallway
Headteacher quits job to travel to Brazil to watch World Cup
Man pleads guilty to fucking a pool raft in public...again.
Blow Jobs Are Good for a Woman's Health and Help Fight Depression
Fossil found during New Mexico bachelor party is 10 million years old
Pope on Ditching Bulletproof Popemobile: "I Don't Have Much to Lose"
Man cuts open the side of his truck to save kitten
Sexting and surgery - Multitasking that got one surgeon suspended
Sex workers gather for national day of action
Canvassers for Marijuana Legalization Measures Form Union, Demand Free Pot
L.A. gives $215,000 to man who wore KKK hood to meeting, got ejected
Florida man arrested for offering a salad in exchange for sex
Coast Guard rescues man trying to row from New York to Scotland
Man Arrested For Sabotaging Air Conditioning During Game 1 of NBA Finals
Steve Westcott is Walking Across St. Louis, and America, With a Goat
Salad for sex swap offer leads to arrest by undercover Daytona Beach police officer
Drug dealer jailed for putting child in frying pan on hot stove, dancing to 'The Cooking Dance'
Stop the Meeting Madness
Top 10 Outrageous Old Wives Tales
World cup ball is round and can be kicked
This Gun Nut Says Most School Shootings Aren't Real
Bull Fleeing Slaughterhouse In Baltimore Shot By Cops
Republicans Try to Win Back Asian Americans, if White Bankers in Hong Kong Count
Serial tickler breaks into Boston homes
Woman dies after taking legal high at wake mourning friend who died of same drug
Deepak Chopra's One Million Dollar Challenge to the Skeptics:explain normal experiences.
Jazz band plays Game of Throne theme while George Martin prepares to kill Facebook employee
Transsexual Returns to Original Gender After Relationship With Christ
Mother mistakenly tries to extinguish fire with gas
Mother tries to extinguish fire with water from dog bowl, finds daughter filled it with gas
Sonia Sotomayor Goes Shopping, Stumbles Into Hillary Clinton At Costco
Female Hormones May Be Making Western Men Fat
Hillary Clinton signs 'Hard Choices' at Costco, with a faint scent of canned chicken in the air
Lawsuit: Syosset company fired workers who refused to pray
Obama never ceases to amaze me
Motorcyclist who filmed, uploaded police flight video to serve hard time
World Cup physio Gary Lewin Stretchered Off Field After Injuring Himself Celebrating
Toole, Utah, residents demand 'Black Friday' be changed to 'White Friday.'
World Cup 2014: England physio Gary Lewin injured in celebration
Hillary Clinton Goes to Costco, Runs Into Sonia Sotomayor
Saudi Scholar: Mickey Mouse, Sesame Street Characters, Part of Jewish Plot to Destroy Humanity
Fairfield Cops Find Calls For 'Daddy' Came From Parrot, Not Child
Patrick Hughes' THE RAID Remake Is Set to Start Shooting in September (of 2014)
Cow on the lam from city slaughterhouse shot dead by cop
Florida woman kidnaps daughter to avoid vaccines, learning black history
Naked man truck surfing causes accident
Jazz band plays Game of Thrones theme while George Martin prepares to kill Facebook employee
Pure gold is flowing out of taps in Montana town
JetBlue apologizes after girl, denied toilet, urinates in plane seat
Whitehall residents: Gold in drinking water
Jason Momoa: 'Game Of Thrones' Actor Cast As Aquaman
England World Cup physio Gary Lewin stretchered off field after injuring himself celebrating goal
Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor Runs Into Hillary Clinton At Costco, Tell Her She'll Read Her Book
Tony Blair: 'We didn't cause Iraq crisis'
U.S. aircraft carrier George H. W. Bush moving toward Persian Gulf as Iraq tensions rise
Texas homeowner solves mansion cliff-hanger by burning down the house
Pigeons let the train take the strain.
Coming soon to Alaska bars: Free pregnancy tests
13-year-old boy charged as adult due to big penis
Four people have been hospitalised in Darwin after taking a new drug known as Snapchat
Brazil: Fan Killed by Police for Bringing Pepsi Bottle to World Cup Game
California school punishes students who go to bathroom more than 2x per year (x-post /r/newsofthestupid)
March for Goku in Brazil
The BBC reviving Teletubbies for new generation of children on drugs
Radioactive leaks found at 75% of US nuke sites
Human-on-dolphin sex is not really that weird
passenger pulled over for not wearing seat belt, illegal drugs found under stomach fat.
Obama likens denying climate change to thinking the moon is made of cheese
Calling Back a Zombie Ship From the Graveyard of Space
England physio's World Cup over after freak accident | The Rio Report
Cop: Man with gun tattoo had real gun in waistband
Crowdfunded Electronic Blow Job Machine Is Now Available for Pre-Order
Angelina Jolie 2.0 NOT an inspiration for Huawei phones, says exec
Baltimore Woman Cycling Cross-Country To Benefit Cancer Killed By Truck
Bill Gates Just Blew Our Minds In A Single Tweet
Cow on the lam from city slaughterhouse shot dead by cop (posting with proper link)
Indian owner of £53,000 Jaguar turns to donkey power after it keeps breaking down
2 deer spotted wandering around downtown Ottawa
Sonia Sotomayor Ran into Hillary Clinton at Costco
Parents Name Their Newborn Twins "Raekwon & Ghostface Lieberman" (x-post from r/hhh)
Man "Slips" And Gets His Penis Stuck In Pipe
Man jailed after hitting state trooper with golf cart at US Open
Learn Dutch Oven Techniques June 21st
ESPN asks viewers if Game 5 of NBA Finals is a must-win for the Heat. Heat are down 3-1 in series and one loss away from elimination
THE PITFALLS OF PEACE - The Lack of Major Wars May Be Hurting Economic Growth
ESPN asks viewers if Game 5 of NBA Finals is a must-win for the Heat. They trail the series 3-1 and one more loss eliminates them
Muslim convert to Christianity sues Tulsa church
Join my league 2 more slots open
Romney blasts Hillary Clinton as 'clueless'
Kayaker presumed missing in Potomac River was actually safe at home in Reston
Facebook will now allow photos of mothers breastfeeding
Rob Ford The Musical holds open casting on Monday
Smallest Penis In Brooklyn Contest Returns With Bigger Crowds, Bigger Penises [NSFW]
Reports: O.J. stole cookies in prison
16-Year-Old Accused of Stabbing Best Friend to Death Over Selfie
Murder Convict Wins Retrial Because Jury Members Used Ouija Board
Health Department confirmed semen found in McDonald's mayonnaise
Boston Man Who Founded Anti-Scam Site to Pay Millions in Scam Settlement
Pilot jumps plane after skydiver breaks it
Croatia players refuse to talk to press after publication of nude photos
Giant Swiss Army Knife
NASA publishes faster-than-light spaceship design to imagine interstellar exploration
Mike Hunt wins $215k suit over wearing KKK hood at meeting.
NASA scientist designs faster-than-light spacecraft
Why Are These Bears Having Oral Sex?
Little Girl Kicked Out of KFC Because Scars Scared Customers
Tony Blair: west must intervene in Iraq
World Cup 2014: England physio Gary Lewin to return home after suffering bizarre ankle injury
Couple Names Newborn Twins Ghostface And Raekwon
Woman Fatally Injured Vomiting Out Minivan Window
Man arrested with tattoo of gun in waistband had gun in waistband
Anthony Weiner Favorites "Ultimate Sext Machine" Tweet, Calls it an Accident
Guy Wears Kobe Bryant Jersey to Game 5 of NBA Finals
Speedway sign malfunctions, touts $6 gas
Progressive Veterinary Clinic Performs First-Ever Pet Sex Change Operation.. On A Pug
Online dating Free Registration biggest growing Iranian dating website
Cadbury chocolate-eating ceremony to be held tomorrow
Girl asked to leave restaurant because scars were scaring customers, grandmother says
Rush Limbaugh blames "Feminazis" for study finding that the male penis is shrinking
Marilyn Monroe was not Shy
Tevez is better than Messi and Higuaín, says his wife.
Parents name their twin boys Raekwon and Ghostface Killah
England physio Gary Lewin to return home after dislocating ankle by standing on water bottle while celebrating first World Cup goal
England physio Gary Lewin dislocates ankle during Sturridge goal celebration against Italy
England Physical Therapist Dislocates Ankle Celebrating A Goal At The World Cup
explaining 301 302 url redirection service | My Blog
Deaf rapper Signmark breaks silence after four-year lull
Oregon Man Lives in a Retired Boeing 727 Airliner That Is Parked in the Woods
Tony Blair rejects 'bizarre' claims that invasion of Iraq caused the crisis
Norridgewock man with gun tattoo arrested with real thing
Deputies: 450-pound Volusia man hid drugs in stomach fat
Missing child turns out to be large green parrot stuck up a tree
Oops! Tim Cook tweets photo of Mac production line running Windows
Police find marijuana in 450lb man's belly crease
Spider-Man Statue Removed From Playground Because Of A Gigantic Boner
Peppa Pig detained at customs
The U.S. Government Is Investigating Why Your Netflix Is So Slow
Chinese fan dies after staying up too late to watch the World Cup
NCHP: Golf cart driver at US Open hit trooper, tried to run
Hoarder Dies After Floor Collapses Under Weight Of Debris Inside Connecticut Home
Greenpeace loses £3m in currency speculation
Connecticut hoarder killed by floor collapse
Prophet Emmanuel Okai: Ghana will beat USA three nil
Ghana is rationing electricity to make sure people can watch today's World Cup match against the US
San Diego man kills neighbor after argument over shrubbery, with pistol used in "Dirty Harry".
Meth lab found at California retirement community
Resignation of mayor sought over dog poop incident
PF Changs says "screw tech!" and goes back to credit card carbon copies
'Absolute idiot' runs onto Leicester Racecourse and tries to sprint with horses
Burundi: Where jogging is a crime
Father Strikes Teacher With A Bat After Seeing Texts To His Daughter
Fox News freaks out over 4Chan hoax that feminists are plotting to end Father's Day
Blackburn shoulder pain man in testicles mix up.
Brooklyn, New York hosted "Smallest Penis Pageant" this past weekend: minorly endowed men compete for dubious title
450-pound Florida man hid drugs under 'stomach fat' during traffic stop, deputies say
Former Anti-Corruption Cop Jumps to Death During Interrogation
Man shot in face at Detroit bus stop walks home for help
Domino's have 4 hours to pay ransom for customer's passwords and favourite toppings
Can a hitchhiking robot make its way across Canada?
Fake Gun Used To Rob Real Gun Store
Domino's Pizza held hostage by hackers: Customers' eating habits at stake
Civil War reenactment cannon injures three children in Utah
Small nut company turned into a booming e-commerce business
Massachusetts Foreclosure Law Firm being Evicted
IRS Claims Two Years Of Emails Were Destroyed In A 'Computer Crash;' Congressman Asks The NSA To Supply 'Missing' Email Metadata
Drunk Man Tries to Walk Backwards, Falls and Knocks Self Out
Florida man arrested after being caught hiding drugs under his belly fat
New drug called Snapchat hospitalising users
FIFA World Cup 2014: France manager claims drone spied on practice
Driver's licence revoked for drunk driving? In Canada you can still fly a plane - or private helicopter
Student Sues 'MIB 3' Writers For $2 Billion Claiming They Stole From His Homework
Fox News Praises George W. Bush's Ability To Anticipate Problems In Iraq
Online petition asks Nintendo to change Link to a young black female in the next Zelda Wii U game
What an Enterprise! NASA physicist, artist unveil warp-speed craft design
2 Men Arrested for Stealing Yu-Gi-Oh! Cards
Ohio Man arrested for having sex with pool float... For the third time
Parents Name Twins Raekwon and Ghostface Lieberman
Flight Attendant Forces Child To Urinate In Seat
Florida Woman Steals 7 Lobster Tails in Her Pants
In France, woman sang during throat surgery to save voice
Girl's uncontrollable laughter caused by brain tumor
Ukraine Official Andriy Deshchytsia Calls Vladimir Putin A 'Dickhead'
Pastor wants out of prison because the 16 year old girl he raped wasn't a virgin.
Police helicopter scours Cardiff after attempted theft of woman's handbag
'Super' banana to face first human trial
Alaska to offer free pregnancy tests in bars to curb fetal alcohol syndrome
KFC worker allegedly asked girl with pit bull scars to leave eatery
A Canadian paraplegic who fractured his penis is suing doctors over a botched diagnosis that allegedly left his manhood one inch shorter and ruined the man's marriage.
Pastor wants out of jail because the 16 year old girl he raped already wasn't a virgin.
Teachers At Texas School Have Come Up With A Brilliant Way To Protect Their Students From Shootings
HitchBOT robot set to hitchhike across Canada
World Cup fever is not a disease, says Costa Rica's Social Security System
Police prepare for increase in domestic violence cases during England's World Cup matches
Parents name their twin babies Ghostface and Raekwon.
U.S. sues N.Y. company that workers say made them pray, say 'I love you' and practice a spiritual belief system called Onionhead
Is McDonald's Creepy New Mascot Meant to Scare Kids Away From Fruits and Vegetables?
Parents name twins after Wu-Tang Clan emcees
Deputy: Florida man hid drugs under 'stomach fat'
Russia Demands Resignation of Ukraine Minister for Calling Putin 'Dickhead' [x-post /r/worldnews]
450-pound man accused of hiding pot in his fat folds
Spider's Personalities Determine Their Job Performance
Twin babies named after Wu-Tang Clan's Raekwon and Ghostface Killah
Couple names twins after favorite Wu tang clan members.
Toyota Recalling 844,000 U.S. Cars for Shrapnel-Shooting Airbags
You Can Now Get High Through Your Vagina - This Is Not A Drill
GOP and Democrats spar on Twitter over 'doge' meme
Russia Demands Resignation of Ukraine Minister for Calling Putin 'D*ckhead'
Mario Ballotelli fills up world cup sticker album with pictures of himself.
Felon killed the same day a jury accidentally set him free
Suspects Rob Gun Shop With Fake Firearm
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler says he is 'not a dingo' in response to John Oliver's net neutrality rant
Frogs wed in India to make it rain
the REAL Britney Spears "Lucky" music Video
450-pound man hides marijuana in his stomach fat
Domino's Pizza hacked, customer database held to ransom
Unicode Consortium announces 250 new emoji characters, ethnic diversity not included
Get ready for Balloon Boy the Musical
Delta Flight Circled Airport For Hour And a Half After Air Traffic Controller Made Joke About Aborting the Landing
Give your friends the finger when these new emoji arrive on your phone
450-Pound Man Hid Marijuana in Stomach Fat
Would-be cat rescuer ends up needing rescue
Food Loaded into Dumpsters while Hundreds of Hungry Americans Restrained by Police
More Than 250 New Emoji, Including a Middle Finger, Are Coming Soon
What Clinton says, Clinton memes
Montreal man sues hospital, claims botched surgery shortened his penis
Cara Cepat Sembuhkan Luka Akibat Kecelakaan
This Bathing Suit Will Literally Burn Your Eyes Off [NSFL Or Beyond]
FCC Chair Tom Wheeler Says He Is Not A Dingo
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler: "I Am Not a Dingo"
Soccer-loving newlyweds miss World Cup match due to travel agent's blunder
Mother mistakenly tries to extinguish fire with gas - KSLA News 12 Shreveport, Louisiana
Hackers ransom Domino's customer data (including favourite toppings) for €30,000
You'll Be Able To Text Your Friend A Smell In A Few Days
Utah Oktoberfest likely to include beer after all
Alabama court overturns anti-sodomy law
FINAL: USA defeats Ghana 2-1 in World Cup
Seat of learning - studying Pippa Middleton's bottom
Republican 'Ex-gay' activist: I replaced my homosexual feelings with food
Indian factory workers beat CEO to death
Sugar Daddy University is a now a real thing.
Cambridge students celebrate end of exams with cardboard boat race
Suspect tries to break into ATM by pouring acid on it
Cambridge students celebrate finishing exams with booze-fuelled boat race on 'Suicide Sunday'
Islamist Fighters In Iraq And Syria Keep Tweeting Pictures Of Cats
How Do You Know If You're on a Date?
Kim Jong Un Wishes The Queen A Happy Birthday
Police officer tried to kiss suspect after failing to lay charges
Hillwalking couple rescued after getting trapped in Rhododendrons for five hours
Hillwalking couple rescued from Rhododendron mountain forest after five hours
Australian couple mistakenly flies to El Salvador to watch the World Cup games of Salvador, Bahia, Brazil (x-post from /r/brazil)
Finally! A Decent Espresso On The International Space Station
'My Boobs Are More Important Than The Law,' Says Court-Defying Model With 11 Convictions
World Cup 2014: Ghana rations electricity so nation's fans can watch match against United States
Couple are rescued after being trapped in Irish rhododendron forest.
Beaver attacks, pulls man off kayak
Boy racer gatecrashes Brands Hatch race in VW Polo
A Bazillionaire's Guide to Stress Relief, by Michael Lewis
Utah woman accused of attacking neighbor with samurai sword after argument
3-year-old girl rescued from 2-foot deep hole in Hackettstown backyard
See man with mobile phone stuck in his mouth reducing medics to laughter
Jewellery shop raided by fake football fans
Florida man shoots robber after 911 transfers him to voicemail
Beaver attacks man near Rochester: 'It was like watching a horror film'
Barricades don't reduce prostitution, only relocate it, residents say
Nuns Sue Their Neighbor: a Strip Club
Watch Dogs visuals have not been downgraded, Ubisoft says
Kim Jong-un tours North Korea's prize submarine - a rusty ship the Soviet Union declared obsolete in 1961
Pope tells super rich bankers to find some ethics.
Frisbee-catching dropped from dog show due to health and safety fears
Uruguay squad's caramel spread confiscated in Brazil
Mark Ruffalo Promises 'Very Cool Science Bros Stuff' In AVENGERS: AGE OF ULTRON
Armed family of 5 attacks police officers at amusement park
2 Officers Injured by Knife Wielding Family at Amusement Park
New "Bionic" Dildo Allows You to Feel Things You Never Felt Before
[X-POST from /r/Politics] Heritage's ugly Benghazi panel
Dog Helps Ease Stress in Court
The 'Mother Of Forensic Science' Built Dollhouse Crime Scenes
Heritage's ugly Benghazi panel
Expecting couple shoots off shotguns to announce gender of child, names her Remmington Sue
Md. Police Issue "Be on the Lookout" for Stolen Bunny Costume
Expectant couple hosts baby gender reveal party, firing shotguns loaded with confetti
Indian teenager is worshipped because he has a seven inch tail - but it may need to be removed as he's unable to walk
America prepares to reelect the Congress it loathes
Couple fires confetti from shotguns at baby gender reveal party to announce little Remmington Sue
Court: $1.8 million house built on park must be moved
Hoarder dies after first floor falls into basement
Frozen baby names are a hot new trend
CCTV operator on trial for spying on woman's flat
Virginia mom furious after stranger turned Instagram photo of her children into meme
World Cup teams could suffer from too much talent
Air traffic controller's practical "joke" causes plane to abort landing
Brown Bears Caught Performing Oral Sex
Car thief arrested after being spotted as a contestant on reality tv competition
The head of Philadelphia's public schools says he needs at least $96 million to offer students a "wholly inadequate" education next year.
The U.S. Should Invest In Science, Not War
8th Grader Skips Honor Society bc of Constant Drug Tests
Aaron Paul TV Ad Accidentally Turns On Xbox Ones, Annoys the Hell Out of People
Jimmy Graham's Twitter bio could cost him $5 million
Finally, a movie that makes abortion funny
Man tried to throw football stuffed with drugs into prison yard
Protected snail trumps Donald's Doonbeg plans
Depressed Rhino Befriends Donkey at Zoo
Put Off By Constant Drug Tests, Eighth Grader Skips Honor Society
Tenant uses Airbnb.com, leads to unexpected sex party that trashes his Chelsea luxury apartment
$1.8M House built by Four Twenty Corp. built in park; Must be destroyed.
Intentional flatulence leads to drug arrest
Obsessive Hoarder Crushed To Death After Floor Collapses From Weight Of Junk
$1.8M waterfront home in Rhode Island mistakenly built on park land must be removed
Duke porn star Belle Knox has lost her financial aid
DICK CHENEY: "MY THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS ARE WITH THE IRAQI OIL WELLS"
Flaming raven starts forest fire, cuts power to Yellowknife NT
Cow gets stuck on roof
Romania: Church patriarch's paint-roller blessing
Morgue Mistakenly Sends Woman's Body to Medical School.
Man tried to toss drug-filled football into prison
California Critic Rick Perry May Move To California
Axe-wielding man leaves police in 11-hour standoff with empty house
Buffy the Vampire Slayer: let's slay whooping cough (with vaccines you guys)
Hillwalkers rescued after five hours in rhododendron forest
Canadian cowboy rides horse to Brazil in time for World Cup
Dipstick was likely stolen, officials say
Feds Seize Property at Albemarle Co. Psychic Business
Ten women to every man, a black market in Viagra, and a 'thriving swingers scene': Welcome to The Villages, Florida, where the elderly residents down Sex on the Square cocktail in 'honor' of woman, 68, arrested for public sex with toyboy
Kanye West: Apple bought Beats because Samsung worked with Jay Z
In the 1980s a man with severe OCD shot himself in the head in an attempt to commit suicide. Instead of killing him, the bullet destroyed the part of his brain that was responsible for his OCD, and he went on to become a straight-A college student five years later . (xpost /r/TodayIlearned)
Human-on-Dolphin Sex: Not as Weird as You Might Think
Enterprising Romanian Holy Man Blesses TV Studios with Paint Roller
Brain Wound Eliminates Man's Mental Illness
Family fights cops after knives nixed at fun park
MIKE DYING OF SYPHILIS
Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino Arrested for Fistfight at Tanning Salon
Governor Cuomo Won't Sign Medical Marijuana Bill Because It Allows For Smoking Marijuana
Kiwi kids worse off than those living in India's slums
Girlfriend: Teen who drowned didn't know how to swim
Man Arrested For Masturbating In A Library While Holding A Cucumber In His Spare Hand
[xpost r/ecursiveRevolt] Over a hundred people tortured by Chicago Police Department, including one person who served 24 years in prison due to a confession extracted while being tortured
Cow spotted on roof in Swiss Alps
Daughters create 'last party' for mom's funeral - complete with beer, cigarettes and crosswords
Foreclosure Law Firm Faces Eviction - "A Massachusetts law firm that specialized in helping kick people out of their homes is now facing homelessness itself."
Mike Judge says Office Space helped rid the world of "flair"
Vancouver School Board's genderless pronouns - xe, xem, xyr - not likely to stick, if history is any indication
San Marino Mayor Resigns Over Dog Poop Controversy
Syracuse University Sends Out Email Reminding Students Not To Bang Their Professors
Distracted by sandwich, truck driver in South Brunswick slams into traffic
Video Surfaces of Texas Police Executing Handcuffed Prisoner
Hoarder crushed to death after floor collapses.
Former Porn Star Runs For School Board
Cesar Chavez to be removed from Arizona primary ballot
Rick Perry: 'I'm More Jewish Than You Think I Am'
The Situation charged in fight at tanning salon
Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino Arrested After Fight In N.J. Tanning Salon
Rhododendron rescue: Couple 'trapped' in dense forest on Irish mountainside
The 'Dr. Oz Effect': Senators Scold Mehmet Oz For Diet Scams
Sitting too long may cause cancer
Pregnant Elephant Put on Strict Diet, Told to Lose 500 Pounds
Apparently, brown bears like oral sex, too!
Harvard Scientists Send the First Transatlantic Smell via iPhone
Iranian president Hassan Rouhani posts mildly depressing World Cup selfie on Twitter
Real Gun Shop Gets Robbed by Fake-Gun-Wielding Suspects
Man's 40m fall after wild goat chase
Alaska to put free pregnancy tests in bars to curb fetal alcohol syndrome rate
Diocese of Phoenix says priests can carry guns
US Marshal Office Offers 100% "Washed" Bitcoins
Man eats cocaine, 'freaks out' and drops his pants, Flint police report
Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino Arrested at New Jersey Tanning Salon
China to deploy shorter, fatter army
San Marino mayor resigns over tossing dog poop into neighbor's yard
Mother Killed While Vomiting Out of Minivan Window
The Center Of Our Galaxy Smells Like Raspberries And Tastes Like Rum
Report: Chinese phone comes preloaded with spyware
'Love thy neighbor'? Nuns sue nearby strip club
Woman Breaks Both Her Legs During Threesome In Car
Roosevelt High School principal accused of plagiarizing
Flaming raven starts forest fire, cuts power to Yellowknife - North
Identical twins ordained as priests
Man born with super-sized limb finds perfect career as pro arm wrestler
Cop Tries to Break this Old Man's Arm in a Not-So Valiant 'Rescue Attempt'
The FBI maintains an 83-page glossary of Internet slang. And it is hilariously, frighteningly out of touch.
Republican: If a Woman Has Right to an Abortion, a Man Should Have Right to Force Himself on a Woman
Google Glass will let people pay to watch a livestream of your life
This New Google Glass App Lets You Make Money From Streaming Your Every Move
New App Lets You Facetime with Your Plants
free torrent download movies here like
City Of London Police Claim That 'The Tor' Is 90% Of The Internet, And Is A Risk To Society | Techdirt
Japan passes law banning possession of child pornography
Hikers trapped for five hours by giant plants
Privatise the pound and replace it with bitcoin, says free-market thinktank
Gisele Bundchen to give trophy to World Cup winner
Will.i.am aims to shake up 3D printing with Coca-Cola branded Ekocycle Cube
'The Situation' arrested in tanning salon brawl
Yo! This app lets you say 'yo' to your friends, and nothing else
Japan bans child pornography possession
Chinese women in car threesome have to be cut out after man accidentally knocks off handbrake and car rolls down hill into tree
MADD is now selling a line of virgin cocktails
Rare stamp sold for record $9.5 million. Last owner was crazed killer.
Bears caught having gay oral sex
Best New Republican Climate Ideas Still Pretty Bad
US 'hoarder' crushed by clutter
Queensland loses first State of Origin in nine years.
Japan bans possession of child abuse images but law excludes anime
Glenn Beck admits: Liberals got Iraq right
Police: Man Tries to Throw Drug-Filled Football into Michigan Prison
GM app allows you to scan a license plate and be able to text that persons phone directly while driving.
The Would-Be Ambassador To Norway Who Has Never Been There Himself : NPR
The Collapsing Obama Doctrine: Dick Cheney and Liz Cheney write that rarely has a U.S. president been so wrong about so much at the expense of so many.
GM app lets you scan a license plate, then text the driver
Mexican Drug Cartel May Have Penetrated Rural Ohio Town, Police Say
Missouri Town Discovers People Don't Like Vacationing Around People Openly Carrying Firearms (x-post from r/politics)
Man threatens Princeton CVS with hydrogen bombs if he doesn't receive 10 $500 money cards
Teen loses finger at rave, continues dancing "because the bass was hard"
Bitcoin Lands NCAA College Football Bowl Sponsorship Through BitPay
Hill O' Chips Slathered in Cooking Oil
Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino arrested after tanning salon fight
AT&T claims "strong" net neutrality would actually ruin the Internet.
Marine vet says VA classified him as dead
Boy loses finger in rave but keeps dancing
Newlyweds planned to watch World Cup in Salvador, Brazil - ended up in San Salvador, El Salvador
Dartford man claims he is being abused by a ghost
Opossum Drop bill shows how low NC GOP can go
California mayor resigns after dog poop scandal
Teen severs finger at Croydon rave but carries on dancing because 'the bass was hard'
Couple Helps Cancer-Stricken Beagle Complete Bucket List
Rare 1-cent stamp sells for record $9.5 million
NC General Assembly OKs 'Possum Drop' exception.
Naked Sunbather Causes Traffic Chaos In Vienna, Austria.
BlackBerry will bring thousands of apps from Amazon's store to its phones
Conservatives uncover Obama plot to destroy Phil Mickelson
Michigan man accused of trying to toss drug-packed football into prison
PETA Takes Heat over Claims it Killed 90% of Animals Dropped off at Virginia Shelter (x-post from r/TIL)
Thief in Italian town of Bra arrested for stealing brassieres and undergarments
Flaming raven starts forest fire, cuts power to Yellowknife
PETA Takes Heat over Claims it Killed 90% of Animals Dropped off at Virginia Shelter
European royals killing naked children for fun at human hunting parties
People Invested $1 Million In An App That Just Says 'Yo'
Naked woman sunbathing causes car crash when motorist distracted by bare bottom
Handcuffed man shoots at officers using gun from butt cheeks
Body of 200kg man kept in car overnight after WA hospital morgue rejects it as too big
Everyone Is Going Crazy Over An App Called Yo ... Which Just Lets You Say 'Yo' To Your Friends
Boy, 16: 'I lost a finger at illegal East Croydon rave but carried on dancing'
Toddler at McDonalds eats a used condom
Feds: Suspect Killed Debtor Who Tried to Pay with Star Wars Toys
Vancouver compost rats overrun daycare playground
I LOST MY FINGER AT THE EAST CROYDON RAVE
'Ball Tap' Mishap Isn't Fit for Insurance Coverage
Kia hamster actor charged with disability fraud
Romanian Church Leader Blesses Radio and TV Station with Paint-Roller "Sanctification Rod"
California mayor resigns over tossing dog poop
Austrian sunbather causes car pile-up after hanging naked out of her window in Vienna
Anti-Tax Crusader Grover Norquist Endorses Renaming Redskins After Ronald Reagan
New proposal would require climate change warning labels at city gas stations
Uruguay squad's caramel spread confiscated in Brazil. "Uruguay fans fear their team has been thrown out of kilter due to the lack of dulce de leche"
Naked sunbather hanging out of window causes car pile-up
Ozzy Osbourne Will Play 'Sid Fishy' in Kid's Show 'Bubble Guppies'
Alderman Wants to Know Exactly What 'Bong Shops' Are Selling
Alaska Bars to Offer Pregnancy Tests in Bathrooms
Off-grid cooler brings cold Coke to Colombians. Maybe.
This app says 'yo' (that's all), and has raised $1 million
Convicted heavy metal Christian singer admits being atheist, duped fans to sell music
Chinese Billionaire To Take 1,000 "Destitute" New Yorkers To Lunch.
U.S. Soccer's Clint Dempsey Has Another Goal: Release a Rap Album
There's Going To Be A 'Bitcoin Bowl'
FBI: Robber who stole $10,000 tells bank teller 'You're slow!'
Bitcoin to be new title sponsor for St. Petersburg Bowl
Fierce feline who terrorized family stumps TV host
Phil Neville the radiator salesman offers to do job swap with BBC commentator
Mario Balotelli covers up Italy team with own sticker in Panini album
Dad sells trampoline on Craigslist because his 'kids suck'
LAMB OF GOD Frontman RANDY BLYTHE Burns Penis, Expects Full Recovery
Trademark rescinded for NFL's Washington Redskins
Speeding woman sings national anthem before being tased on I-44
Washington patent: Trademark rescinded for "disparaging" NFL nickname.
FIFA comes out with anti-corruption TV commercial.
Reporter robbed while reporting on another robbery in front of Oakland police station
Canvassers for marijuana legalization demand to be paid in pot
Donald Trump: Kim K. and J.Lo's Butts Are 'Absolutely' Too Big
Speeding woman sings national anthem before being tased
Pitbull Brags About Getting (Fake) Degree From (Fake) College
An App That Does Nothing Except Say 'Yo' Raises One. Million. Dollars.
Small town Alberta bike share program fails after the one bike goes missing
Naked sunbather causes traffic chaos
Texas county unwittingly votes in favour of reparations for African Americans
Man Paid $45/Hour to Run Facebook Account for 3 Dogs, Rakes in 23K Followers
Naked Female Sunbather Causes Traffic Chaos In Vienna
Why do millions of Indians defecate in the open?
More young men friends embracing
Kids swear live on air during community radio station break-in at Fitzroy Crossing
Naked woman hanging from her window causes multi-car accident
Obama Met a Giant, Talking Robot Giraffe at the White House Today
$1 million invested in app that just says 'Yo' to your friends.
Leawood man faces citation for putting Little Free Library in his front yard
Yes, This is Real: App That Only Says 'Yo' Raised $1 million
Raccoon with head stuck in peanut butter jar rescued and released
A Great White Shark is Coming Straight for Texas, Will Probably Devour Us All
Man posing as dog trainer steals puppy at park
Too much sitting may raise risk for certain cancers, study finds
World Cup Barbecues Threaten Smog Emergency in Santiago
Extreme Ironing: A Not So Extreme Sport
Clueless white Texas commissioners accidentally vote to back slavery reparations
Stoners played catch with raver's severed finger at sorting office rave in East Croydon
Yo App Lets You Message Friends Yo And That's It
Mom Accused of Slowly Poisoning Her Son to Death to Spice Up Her Blog
U.S. Patent And Trademark Office Cancels Redskins Trademark
GOP State Rep. Denies Tweeting Giant Penis Photo
High school principal congratulates wrong school in plagiarized graduation message
Pantsless man smashes cars - before he gets really weird
World's First 'Scent Message' Emailed from Paris to New York
These bears are having lots of oral sex, and scientists think they know why
Pennsylvania Judge Sentenced For 28 Years For Selling Kids to the Prison System
Teen Loses Finger During Rave, Keeps Going Because "Bass Was Hard"
Alabama Man Sentenced After "Cannonballing" Endangered Manatees
Mom charged with fatally poisoning son for posts on mommy blog
'Devil moose' smashes headfirst through Belarus coach and stops mileage clock at the number of the beast: 666.6
Teen loses finger at rave, keeps dancing 'because the bass was hard'
Researchers Create Robot That Will Hitchhike Across Canada
Dead Woman Parties At Her Own Funeral.
Teenager loses finger at Croydon rave but continues dancing 'because the bass was hard'
Kittens Play Dress-Up to Find Forever Homes
Yoga Pants BAN at all City Parks, starting this fall...
Mother of 3 vomits out of moving car's window, hits her head and dies.
Woman suing Kohl's because they won't stop calling about the $20 she owes them
A Scientist Experimented on Dolphins By Giving Them LSD
Dick and Liz Cheney slam Obama on Iraq: 'Rarely has a U.S. president been so wrong'
TV Reporter Gets Robbed While Reporting on Robbery
All-Nude Rugby Teams Go Head-To-Head In New Zealand
New Zealand Tops England In Nude Rugby Match
San Marino mayor resigns over dog poop incident
Peanut butter jar lands raccoon in a jam
French team to be spared World Cup sex ban
Edward Snowden Portraits Are All The Rage In China
Islamists Mock Michelle Obama: #BringBackOurHumvee
Soquel Creek Water District customers' reward for conserving water: Higher rates
Nepal's living goddess who still has to do homework
MLB pitcher traded for $1
US Patent Office Rules Redskins Name Is Offensive, Cancels Trademarks
Tallahassee Woman Insulted by Restaurant's Receipt
Rockstar Delays Grand Theft Auto Online Heists.
Football Full Of Drugs Falls Short Of Prison Fence
This Happened: Woman Breaks Both Her Legs During Threesome in Car
San Marino mayor resigns after being censured over dog poop incident
Redskins Lose on Trademarks, but Fight Isn't Over
Clever Dog-Eaters Hold Dog-Eating Festival Early to Avoid Activists
FCC finds that ISPs don't deliver the speeds they advertise [X-Post] from /r/news
Bears Join List of Animals Who Perform Oral Sex - Two male brown bears in captivity in Croatia regularly engage in fellatio
Full Contact Skydiving Is An Insane Blend Of MMA And Jumping Out Of Planes
Brown Bears Caught Performing Oral Sex in Croatia
My friend, an 'indie' artist made an easy to understand video to explain what's going down with youtube with indie artists or indie label owners. (didn't know where to post this)
The Internet Cat Video Festival is Coming to St. Louis, LOLZ
Sitting down 'raises cancer risk' no matter how much exercise
Cat brings home a baggie containing several grams of meowjuana.
ANALYSIS: Iraq's Sunni insurgents listed their crimes in annual report
Cross-dressing guy 'not manly enough' to keep gym membership
Beats headphones banned from World Cup matches
TV Reporter Heather Holmes Robbed During Live Report On Robbery
Republican Senator Fondly Recalls Doing 'Indecent Things With Animals'
Texas Supermarket Accused of Selling Bull Penis As Human Food
Calif. mayor resigns over dog doo-doo dustup
Israel Elected Vice Chair of UN Decolonization Committee
Landon Donovan most popular soccer player in US despite sitting out World Cup
Cross-dresser: I'm 'not manly enough' to keep gym membership
Landon Donovan still most popular US soccer player despite sitting out this World Cup
Teen loses part of finger at rave, keeps on ravin'
Georgia man shoots himself in the penis, visits friend
Facebook goes down, users in shock without it
Dallas County commissioners unwittingly back slavery reparations
County Cuts Contract With Stericycle After Aborted Babies Burned for Electricity
Cheney slams Obama for Iraq, starts new group to oppose him
Republican Former EPA Chiefs Try To Convince Senate GOP That Climate Change Is Real
Beats Headphones Banned From World Cup Sidelines
Teen at illegal rave loses finger and parties on 'because the bass was hard'
The men who told their wives they were FAT
Daughter takes life-sized cutout of father on dream trip
Meet Yo, an app whose entire function is to send a "Yo" to your friends - and that's it.
The War in Iraq: A Study in Decision-Making
Monks' bad behaviour hotline launched by Thai Buddhist authorities
Family suing Balch Spring's after daughter drown in park's pond.
Glenn Beck Admits Liberals 'Were Right' on Iraq War
Massive cloud of marijuana smoke hangs over Albanian village as 500 police besiege Europe's lawless, gang-ridden cannabis capital
Video: Texas Cop Executes Handcuffed Suspect
Be Kind to Cockroaches
Aussie in trouble for colander in licence photo
Greenpeace Lost $5 Million on a Currency Bet
US Marshals Accidentally Replies All To Anonymous Bitcoin Auction Bidders In Email Fiasco
Harley-Davidson to debut an electric bike.
Suicide warnings increase suicide attempts, study shows
Raccoon with jar stuck on head gets stuck on top of pole
State lawmakers pass bill to outlaw tattooing and piercing of pets
Teacher raped after being left alone with sex offender in prison.
Harley-Davidson to debut electric motorcycles.
Father loses life savings on 'rigged' carnival game
Woman Travels with Life-Size Cutout of Her Late Father to the Places He Never Saw
Domestic violence increases 25% during England World Cup games
South Korean Spider-Man statue removed due to huge erection
Messaging app that only lets you send the word "Yo" gets $1 million funding
George Clooney considering a run for California governor
Man trapped in plane toilet during 15-hour flight
CIA hatched plan to make demon toy to counter Osama bin Laden's influence
Passenger gets stuck in toilet on 15 hour flight after getting finger lodged in lavatory bin
Obama: "Iraq has to solve its own problems"
T-Mobile's CEO Went Off Last Night And Said AT&T And Verizon Are 'F---ers' That Are 'Raping You'
Teenager who lost half a finger at illegal Croydon rave claims he stayed because 'the bass was hard'
Leawood shuts down boy's little free library
A guy had his finger cut off at an illegal in Croydon but stayed there because he'd already paid £10 entry
Law firm specializing in foreclosures is evicted after failing to pay rent
Houston-area veteran says VA wrongly listed him as dead, sent condolence letter to his family
Mother Arrested After Son Falls From Scooter
Gay, white professor sues historically black university for discrimination
World Cup Produces Arrest of Mexican Drug Lord Going to Game
Harley-Davidson Introduces Electric Motorcycle
Now, children in entertainment industry may need govt approval
FCC Report: Xfinity Internet Consistently Outperforms
Dating site uses facial recognition to find matches that look like your ex
New Record For Earth's Farthest North Spring, And It's A Gusher
An App That Only Lets You Say 'Yo' Just Topped Facebook's Slingshot on iOS
Man Stabbed Over Jacket at 'Friendship Hotel'
Thornhill woman films herself having stroke; hospital network posts it on YouTube
Denied Legal Parenthood Of Twin Sons
Vancouver school board gender policy allows "xe" or "xem" in place of "he" or "her"
Satanic Rock Band Sprays Pig Blood on Concertgoers Causing a Several People to Vomit and Cry
TV Reporter Heather Holmes Robbed During Live Report On Robbery (VIDEO)
Why Californians Will Soon Be Drinking Their Own Pee
Ron Paul will make his acting debut in Atlas Shrugged: Part III
Man Told to Remove American Flag Because 'It's a Threat to Muslims'
Foreclosure law firm is evicted for not paying their rent
Medical assistant accused of branding her children
Get ready to be catapulted to a new dimension of worship :P
Bachelor party stumbles upon 3-million-year-old elephant skull
Bachelor party stumbles upon rare mastodon skull
Why Men Should Probably Just Stop Trying to Be Funny
Man pleads guilty to harassing women with cheese
Ohio attorney raped woman after she refused sex with judge for light sentence for her son
Complaint against Motsoeneng 'wife gift'
This morning, Dick Cheney wrote an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal that blamed President Obama for the current crisis in Iraq
This App Lets You Tell Your Friends 'Yo'
50 Cent Chooses Between Rihanna, Nicki Minaj, Iggy Azalea During "F, Marry, Kill" Game
An app that just says "Yo" gets $1 million funding
Iggy Azalea Wants Fans To Stop Trying To Finger Her
"Boner Spider-Man" statue tragically removed from perch above South Korean playground
Conclusion of Atlas Shrugged trilogy pulls out the big guns, casts Ron Paul
The CIA made an Osama bin Laden toy that looks like a "Star Wars" villain
Ex-Goldman Sachs trader, 35, sues because he 'only' got an $8.25million bonus instead of the $13million he told his mother he'd get
Foreclosure Law Firm Evicted from Woburn Office
Students demand mandatory transgender class to right the wrongs of colonial America
League of Legends Becoming an Official Collegiate Sport
TV reporter has purse stolen live on-air outside police HQ while reporting on a ROBBERY
Media Shocked to Learn "Christian" Metalcore Band Frontman Is Atheist
Texas County Commissioners Accidentally Vote In Approval Of Slavery Reparations
Stone Gays To Death Or Risk God's Wrath, Says GOP Candidate
Dumpster diver sues Maplewood cop over arrest
Citizen in hot air balloon helps officers find fleeing suspect, end pursuit
Florida doomsday prepper plans bloody last stand until cops lure him in with burgers
Suspect allegedly tags San Diego courtroom during his graffiti hearing
CIA planned to make demon toy of bin Laden, report says
"Insert" Joke Here: Chinese Hospitals Have Sperm Extracting Machines
Chinese Tycoon to Feed 1,000 Poor Americans in Charity Dinner
Drunk 5th-graders and Tattooed 12-year-olds: Meet the Contenders for Worst Parents of the Year
Yo: App that does nothing but say 'Yo' raises $1M, is not a joke
New York Medical Marijuana Bill Excludes Marijuana
Velveeta Cheese recalled for not having enough preservatives
The Orgasmatron is here at last! Chinese hospitals install hands-free sperm extractors
Family of 5 attack 2 police officers for not allowing them to enter an amusement park armed with knives.
Labour calls for 'owl for everyone' after Twitter hack
Kraft Recalled Some Velveeta Because It Wasn't Fake Enough
Teen Loses His Finger During Rave, Parties On Because 'Bass Was Hard' And Girls Were Hot
'It's not how it looks': Call girl's shame at taking selfies next to dead history teacher 'who she killed with her boyfriend after injecting him with heroin'
Kim Kardashian pursuing a music career
75 CDC staff possibly exposed to anthrax, agency says
Couple To Stand Trial Over tattooing bitch on 12 year old girl
Goldman Sachs trader says his $8.25 million bonus is unfair, told mom he'd get more
Anna Kendrick to voice a troll doll, probably buy a vacation house afterwards.
Bodyguard Blanket the latest bulletproof product to protect US students during school shootings
Ron Paul Will Make Acting Debut in Third Atlas Shrugged Movie
Ex-Goldman Trader Calls $8.25 Million Bonus Unfair, Told Mom He'd Get More
Iran army chief accuses Israel of creating ISIS
Investors go mad (again)
Reliance claims Mumbai will welcome Metro fare hike
App that texts "Yo" for you already worth over $1 million
Domestic spat in Knoxville involving a fork stabbing won't lead to charges
Police Detain Man Dancing Around Burning Truck He Allegedly Set On Fire Near Bay Bridge Toll Plaza
Twitter helps RCMP nab B.C. vacuum thief
Facebook down, world reacts on Twitter
"It's Not How It Looks": Murder Suspect Defends Selfie With Corpse
FIFA bans Beats headphones from World Cup matches
Mike Huckabee: Martin Luther King Jr. would agree that gay marriage is like the Holocaust
T-Mobile's CEO Went Off Last Night And Said AT&T And Verizon Are 'F------' That Are 'Raping You'
Oklahoma GOP Call Plan for School Tornado Shelters 'Interfering with God's Will'
T-Mobile's CEO Went Off Last Night And Said AT&T And Verizon Are 'F**kers' That Are 'Raping You'
Chinese hospitals introduce hands-free automatic sperm extractor
Chilean porn star celebrates team's World Cup win over Australia with 12-hour sex session
Saying `Do It On A Computer' Not Enough To Save Patent, Supreme Court Rules
Supreme Court Rules Against Patents For Abstract Ideas
Hoarder crushed by debris as floor collapsed
Korea's Fish Special: A Delicate Mix of Outhouse and Ammonia
Lack Of Calls For Bloody Revenge Confirms Jews Alien To Middle East
Florida Man Discovers It's Legal to Ride Sharks After Taking a Swim with One
Dancing man detained as truck burns on bridge
Oakland reporter robbed during live report on robberies
Ladies love this convicted felon's mug shot
Mexican Dude On A World Cup Cruise In Brazil Gets Drunk And Jumps Off The 15th Floor
Hot Man's Mug Shot Slays Women, Sexually
Doomsday prepper Martin Winters surrenders, held without bail
Senate Measure Seeks To Protect Gun Rights of Medical Marijuana Patients
'King of the Hill' leaving lasting impression on propane industry : LP Gas
Half-Blind, His NBA Dream Is in Sight
Ex-porn actor, star of Entering the Student Body, runs for school board in South Florida
Woman drinks two gallons of Coca-Cola a day, dies.
Kim Kardashian Has A Video Game. There Is No God.
A Razor Brand is Trying to Dispel the 'Sexy Beard' Myth with Ads Showing Rodents Clinging to Men's Faces
Dreamy Mugshot of Convicted Felon Goes Viral
The Last Six Seconds [Vine]
Two rival male TV helicopter pilots who covered O.J. Simpson chase are now transgender women
Ron Paul, Glenn Beck to appear in next 'Atlas Shrugged' movie
Fish-Eating Spiders Found on Six Continents
Chile's Secret Weapon: Porn Star Is Offering Marathon Sex Romps For Every Win
Tokyo assemblywoman heckled on why she isn't married or having children
Wildstar - Breeding Anti-American Homosexuals
Arrested felon is so good looking his mugshot goes viral
Russian politician wants to ban canvas sneakers and high heels
China Employs 'Porn Judges' to Scrub the Web
Space station 'nauts will use URINE-FUELLED ESPRESSO MACHINE
Bra thief arrested in town called Bra
'Genies' Cited in Once-Secret Brief on Wheelchair Ban at Guantanamo
New app created to send the word "Yo" to your friends raises $1 million in funding
Drugs for Cheez-its Gets Boy Expelled
Obamas want daughters to get taste of life on minimum wage
Why Icelanders are wary of elves living beneath the rocks
Google investing $50 million to get girls to code
Founder of Digg buys historic house in NW Portland and plans to knock it down
Dutch 'gay-only village' hoax fools press | World | The Guardian
VIDEO: Reporter Robbed While Reporting On Robbery
Scientist attempts to crowd surf at Handel's Messiah concert
Israel troops kill 14-year‑old in hunt for missing teens
JD(U) MP's two jackfruits go missing, police form special team to nab thieves
Woman named Crystal Metheney arrested for 'firing a missile into an occupied car on Cinco de Mayo'
Polish authorities raid magazine office over leaked recordings. Internal Security Agency unable to copy a MacBook. Tries to seize it by force and fails due to jouralist's resistance. Agents forget their briefcase from the scene.
Smooth criminal Jeremy Meeks praised for police mugshot
Kasabian frontman Tom Meighan knocks down his dad in freak car accident
Israel elected to leadership of UN committee on "Decolonization"
Studies of sewage show illicit drug use is actually much higher than previously thought.
Start-Up Aims to Solve Perpetual Graduation Problem: Butchered Names
Ryan Howard responds to Knickleback-listening allegations.
No Plans for Canada Invasion, Pentagon Leader Says
Velveeta recalled in some states because it doesn't have ENOUGH preservatives.
Two rival male TV helicopter pilots who covered O.J. Simpson chase now are transgender women
App that says nothing but 'Yo' raises 1 million dollars
Anti-Flooding Tactics to Blame For Yellow River Flooding
Irish publican bans cheering against England
Arrestee's 'Handsome' Mug Shot Goes Viral
World Cup 2014: Police investigate fans with wheelchairs pictured standing up during matches
Mathematician reveals horrible new way to slice birthday cake
Police investigate wheelchair fans seen jumping to their feet
Hey, I like your shotgun, I like your wife, let's swap.
Handsome Man is Arrested, His Mugshot Goes Viral
Sheriff's Office arrests correct suspect
Rather than beg for money, this man provides book reviews. He collects books and gives reviews to people passing by, in hopes they will purchase the book from him if they like the review.
Rather than beg for money, this man provides book reviews. He collects book and gives reviews to people passing by in hopes they will buy the book from him if they like the review.
The CIA considered mass producing an Osama bin Laden action figure to spook US families into hating al Qaeda.
Investors pour $US1m in app that says 'Yo'
Swiss Cheese Pervert' Pleads Guilty To Indecent Exposure, Harrassment
US college offers athletic scholarships to 'League of Legends' players
Leading scientist ejected by audience after 'trying to crowd surf' at classical music concert
Man Arrested after Harassing Couple in Car He Thought was an Alien Spaceship
Ex-Goldman trader upset at $8.25 million bonus, told mom he'd get more
In Adirondacks, Bird rehabilitator being shut down over Neighbor concerns Irish Setter will be carried off.
Kraft recalls some Velveeta, saying not enough preservative
If your last name begins with D, K, or P and you were born on Tuesday or Thursday, you may have the autisms.
Left Alone With A Sex Offender, A Teacher Is Raped In Arizona Prison
Wyoming woman denies twice sexually assaulting pre-teen boy
Mom Accused of Branding Her Children With Fire to Identify Them
ISIS, Inc. - Jihadists attract investors, fighters with annual reports & glossy PR
Americans Unsure How Jewish is Rick Perry
Rick Santorum Thinks Gay Marriage Will Lead to 'Less Marriage'
Raunchy book relegated to the top shelf after grandmother's purchase error
Emma Czornobaj guilty in 2 highway deaths after stopping for ducks
China dog-eating festival held early to dodge protests
(NC) House makes Venus flytrap theft a felony.
City Approves Changing Bakery's Doughnut Mural to Dildo Mural
BBC News - Why Icelanders are wary of elves living beneath the rocks
Internet Swoons Over 'Handsome' Suspect's Mug Shot
Bravest Guy In Whole Wide World Wears Mentos Suit, Drops Into Tank Of Diet Coke
Hairless Man Grows Full Head Of Hair In Yale Arthritis Drug Trial
CIA considered bin Laden 'demon' doll
Imprisoned Christian Singer Admits He Was an Atheist
Bullet proof blanket will shield kids during school shootings
Quebec woman found guilty after two people died while she helped ducks
This University Is Adding The Video Game 'League Of Legends' To Its Athletics Program
Bush Vindicated: Islamic Terrorists Overtake Saddam's WMD Facilities
Westminster Family's Duck is Stolen from Post Office
Robot to Hitchhike Across Canada
In Adirondacks, Bird rehabilitator is being shut down because he fears one of caged birds might get out and grab his Irish Setter.
'Sexy' Mugshot Goes Viral And Gets Photoshopped Into Calvin Klein Ads
'Runaway maids' tracked down on Kuwaiti Instagram
Mugshot goes VIRAL after suspect deemed "Too sexy for jail"
Man Hangs American Flag By His Apartment, Told it Presents a "Threat to Muslim Community"
Man calls truce after naked altercation
Citizen in hot air balloon helps officers fine fleeing suspect, end pursuit
Ron Paul to Make Acting Debut in Part 3 of 'Atlas Shrugged'
You Can Pee on Obama's Face at the Faith and Freedom Conference
Drunken man attempts to break into snow cone stand while it is still open
Rowdy Arcata Apartment Happens to Contain Hash Lab
Corporate mine owners hope that new drones will squash resistance and disperse angry protesting workers who want fair wages and safer working conditions.
Pair jailed for Edinburgh's Central Mosque bacon attack
Pair locked up for attacking mosque with bacon
Man Dies After Policemen Try to Check Him in As Luggage - Russia
'Cards Against Humanity' Co-Creator Publicly Apologizes for Transphobic Card
The answer to school shootings: Bulletproof blankets?
Murder charge still pending against woman at 102
Police investigate fans with wheelchairs pictured standing up during matches
How a bald man grew a full head of hair
Laura Lundquist, 102, faces murder charge in death of 100-year-old roommate
Japan PM Abe wants to stage 2020 Robot Olympics
Boy fakes kidnapping to avoid the dentist
London Teen Loses Finger, Keeps Raving. The 'Bass Was Hard.'
Body rejected from morgue for being too fat.
Facebook swoons over photo of handsome man - which is actually the mugshot of a 'violent criminal'
Summer Solstice Yoga Takes Over Times Square On Saturday
Handsome felon's mugshot is most-liked photo ever on Stockton Police Department's Facebook
Jose Canseco offers to help Justin Bieber 'with his life problems'
Stanford Sleep Researcher Mourns the Loss of Narcoleptic Dog
North Korea rubbishes Seth Rogen comedy The Interview
App Lets You Anonymously Send Dick Pics to a Doctor for an STD Diagnosis
New York Passes Bill To Outlaw Tattooing Pets
Velveeta recalled over lack of preservatives
I didn't know that Aliens drove cars from the 90's?
TV chopper pilots who battled for OJ coverage become women, best friends
Giant toaster has brief rendezvous with Big Banana Car in Kalamazoo
Connecticut Metro-North Delayed Over Box Painted Like Bender From Futurama
Bacon Mosque Attack: Couple Jailed For Throwing Swine At Window
Quebec driver who stopped for ducks guilty in fatal crash
Harvard's satanic 'black Mass' cancelled - CNN Belief Blog
Boy Pretends To Be Kidnapped To Avoid Dentist
Loss of Brooksville's popular Golden Corral met with surprise, shock
New Jersey best place for brain-dead patients, expert says
Couple to stand trial for 'tattooing smiley face and bad word on 12-year-old girl'
Arrest in Benghazi attack is a distraction from Benghazi attack
'Do You Know What Fisting Is?' And Other Questions Raised At Premier Anti-Gay Rally
Smartphone App Keeps Watch Over Schizophrenic Patients
Fish-Eating Aquatic Spiders: They're Real, Sleep Well
6-fingered family roots for Brazil's 6th World Cup
Pope Flies Helicopter Into Mafia Stronghold
Researchers finally discover, plan to open Dracula's grave. We're all going to die.
Trader sues over skimpy $8.25 million bonus
Russian Scientists Discover Cure for Homosexuality
Canada woman stops for ducks; guilty in 2 deaths
The stories that come from my hometown
Manka Fun Park Yemen under construction
Omitted from Germany roster, Max Kruse wins $36K at World Series of Poker
Fellsmere woman arrested after striking man with sandwich
Nathan Fielder Interview: Explaining His Robot Arm-Sex Offender Stunt
Naked stranger floods family's kitchen and defecates on floor
Texas teenager faces 99 years in prison over pot brownies
Laura Lundquist, 102, Faces Murder Charge In Nursing Home Killing
"The dog ate my e-mails" may work for the IRS, but it doesn't for the rest of us.
Ink enthusiasts are getting more and more cat tattoos
Illinois College Makes 'League of Legends' A Varsity Sport, Offers Scholarships
Raccoon with head stuck in peanut butter jar rescued from top of hydro transformer
Family Is 'Thankful' to Robber Who Beat & Pistol Whipped Their Dad
CIA considered producing Osama bin Laden action figure that transformed into demon
Thirsty camels lay siege to Australian Outback town
the hottest teachers caught sleeping with thier students
Thieves try to rob two Brooklyn banks, leave empty handed both times
Pills seized from five-star hotel are mints, accused drug trafficker tells Melbourne court
Hot Air Balloon Lands At Oregon Women's Prison
Man guilty of propositioning women with cheese, senteced to probation
Fish-eating spiders are taking over the world
Alien base found off the coast of Malibu?
After falling off cliff, man regrets chasing goat
When 19 Republican Male Congressman Rated Hillary Clinton On Her Hotness
N.J. math teacher excelling as World Cup referee
Florida Inmates Smuggle Gun Into Prison In Plot to Sue The State
Stockman bill allows taxpayers to use same lame excuses as IRS
100 per cent of young, severely hurt crash victims high on pot
'Sexy felon' Jeremy Meeks inspires #FelonCrushFriday
North Korea Has Officially Condemned Seth Rogen and James Franco
Texas Day Care Investigated for Duct Taping Restless Children to Sleeping Mats
Kanye West Wants to Redesign Instagram: "We Could Clean That Up"
Jason Biggs' wife hired hooker for birthday threesome
How to make it happen your hope
Famous white British jihadist turns out to be patriotic MI5 double-agent who infiltrated Al-Qaeda and foiled numerous plots
Elderly couple bought what they thought was 'shrub' and ended up growing monstrous cannabis plant in their garden.
Penguins Are Willing to Relocate and Adapt to Climate Change
Brazil bemused by interview with 'fake Scolari'
Uganda in terror piglet probe
Women Offer To Pay Bail For Man In Attractive Mug Shot
Store Owner Installs Cameras To Protect Black Employee From Police
Boy fakes kidnapping because he didn't want to go to the dentist
Bacon preservative tested as feral hog poison
Seagulls divebomb charity abseil.
Woman Who Helped Ducks On Side of the Road Could Face Life in Prison
New Jersey Cop Videotaped Himself Abusing Girls and Having Sex with Cows
Store Owner Installs Camera to Protect Black Customers From Police, Catches Police Terrorizing Area [Video]
Woman faces life in prison for stopping car to help ducks and causing crash that kills two
Charges: Burglar left Salesperson of Month award behind
Shocking Sources of happiness
App Raises $1M In Funding For Simply Sending The Message 'Yo' Back And Forth
Best Way to Impress a Girl-{Stay Surprised}
Darrell Issa's Internet Theory: Net Neutrality Will End Porn
ISIS mocks Michelle Obama with new hashtag
Organic Lobbyists Petition To Prevent USDA From Having Organic Food Oversight
Piglets probed over Uganda security breach
N.Y. Duo Charged With Distributing Deadly 'Breaking Bad' Heroin.
American Apparel CEO fired; receives oral sex during interview
Funeral services in New Orleans and Puerto Rico pose the dead in familiar tableaus at their own wakes. Here, the family of Miriam Burbank asked that her body be posed. [NYTimes link in comments]
Government of [CENSORED] censors cyberbullying docs
France begs its citizens to lighten up with tourists
Rite of the Sitting Dead: Funeral Poses Mimic Life
Free 26,400 Play4Free Funds, share to unlock your funds!
President Obama: We will save the bees from extinction
Democrats funded by billionaires complain about Republicans funded by billionaires
What's wrong with the Pentagon's plan to thwart the zombie apocalypse
Authorities in Halfway Bush said they received a call from a nervous woman on Sunday wanting to report that her feline friend had just delivered "a bag of drugs" to her front door.
Dog-eating festival in China hounded by activists
Instant mash spill blocks A64 in both directions
Pair sentenced to 1 year for defacing a mosque with strips of bacon
Pope Francis: Mafiosi are excommunicated from the church.
Pair wrapped bacon around door handles of Edinburgh mosque
CAT brings home a bag of weed ... owner NARCS him out
Russell Brand Is At The Houses of Parliament Calling For A Peaceful, 'Effortless' Revolution
Massive World Cup Barbecuing Prompts Chile To Declare Smog Emergency
Bicycle collision sends Guangdong teenager's testicles 'flying': Shanghaiist
Officials seeking shelter for young illegal immigrants thought Island hotel was vacant
Florida university library to lend drones to students.
PlayStation Side Effect: Dangerous Blood Clots, Docs Say
World of Warcraft on resume pays off.
State GOP Politician Tweets a Photo of a Giant Penis
Canadian woman who stopped car to help ducks faces life in jail after causing fatal crash
Woman who stopped on highway to save ducks may serve 14 years in jail after a motorcycle crashes into her parked car killing 2 people.
Rise of the Sitting Dead: New Orleans corpses posed to mimic life
The US military wants walls that automatically pop out of cans
Exclusive: New Photos Of Spike Lee's 'Da Sweet Blood Of Jesus' Which Makes Its World Premiere Tomorrow
Cardboard robot shuts down Metro-North line for three hours
Anti-abortion group asks court to block lying ban
Popeyes spends $43M to buy its recipes
Adele completes work on long-awaited third studio album: rumoured to be titled '25'
Using Phones in Class Distracts Students, Study Shows
Woman who tried to save ducklings faces jail over road deaths
Norway to bring in begging ban
Scientist Ejected From Classical Music Concert For Trying To Crowd Surf
Philly Swiss Cheese Masturbator Given Probation After Pleading Guilty
Christian Metal Star Convicted of Attempted Murder Admits He Was Secretly Atheist
Women goes to jail for tearing sons genitals, and tries to repair wound with glue.
US Soccer Star Hope Solo Arrested for Domestic Violence
Sailor Serving Overseas Ordered to Appear in Custody Fight
This Ingenious Hoodie Could Help Save Homeless People's Lives
The Simpsons Casts Will Forte as [Spoiler] Owner of King Toot's Music Store.
Wife of the 'handsome mugshot guy' furious over his Internet attention
Distracted White People Mistakenly Vote for Slavery Reparations
Times Square Spider-Man accused of groping woman
Feds weigh in on allegations Russia behind anti-fracking movement
Brothers who claimed 'money's not real' lose mortgage appeal
Nazi-themed Indonesian cafe reopens after controversy
Nazi-themed café in Indonesia re-opens - keeping the swastikas and images of Hitler it pledged to remove
Man blames weed, Red Bull for attic assault on neighbor's undergarments
'Don't use Wikipedia for medical advice', scientists warn after errors found
Extremist supporters mock Michelle with '#BringBackOurHumvee'
Man who wore colander on his head for gun licence photo says it is part of Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster's religion
China Dog-Eaters Dodge Activists with Early Feast
The Pope has excommunicated the mafia from the Catholic Church
Instant mash crash makes highway hash
Mexican drug cartel tried to smuggle marijuana painted to look like fruit
Pope Excommunicates The Mafia
Obama officials confirm Sandyhook was a drill
Massive cannabis plant found in elderly couple's garden
Construction of a road in Iceland was diverted after locals warned it would disrupt the elves living on the original location
Nazi-themed café in Indonesia reopens
ROBBER BETS VICTIM DOESN'T HAVE GUN, VICTIM SHOOTS HIM
IN mother preaches gun safety after 6-year-old daughter accidentally shoots herself in the arm
Robbery Suspect 'Bets' That Victim Doesn't Have A Gun, Ends Up Getting Shot
Mom talks gun safety after daughter, 6, shoots self
Homeless man held on $1K for wielding sword on North Side
Kim Jong Un and His Hipster Submarine Make Their Instagram Debut
Mashed potato spillage closes road in North Yorkshire
Widow sues ZAKA after their ambulance runs over her husband who was on his way to kill her
Family Poses Dead Mother With Beer, Cigarettes and Crossword Puzzles at Memorial
£500k spent policing EDL protest against 'new mosque' which turned out to be KFC
NJ the Best Place for Brain Dead Patients
Fingers crossed! Six-fingered family hopes luck will bring Brazil 6th World Cup
Pilot now Top Suspect in Missing Malaysia Airline Flight MH-370 Mystery (X-Post)
Very High Man Understandably Confuses Car for Alien Spaceship
Another Times Square Spider-Man Arrested For Groping Woman: Gothamist
It's OK to watch World Cup while the world burns
Ignite Church attempts to recruit young men by giving away AR-15
Mock email scam ensnares hundreds of bureaucrats at Justice Canada
RAF parachutist lands on 82 year old woman
It's a boy! US exchange student rescued from giant stone vagina in Germany
Detroit appeals to the U.N. for humanitarian aid
Christian heavy metal singer, sentenced to prison after murder-for-hire plot, admits he's an atheist who lied about his faith to sell records.
99 years in jail for 'baking and selling pot brownies'
LOCAL LEGEND GETS KFC DOUBLE DOWN TAT ON HIS LEG
My child beat neighbour's pregnant goat
Up to 99 years in jail for 'baking and selling pot brownies'
£500k spent policing EDL protest against 'new mosque' which turned out to be KFC (x-post from r/Islam)
Tony the Tiger stays put at Louisiana truck stop.
Hamuketsu: Japan's new craze for hamster bottoms
Church Gave Away Two Semi-Automatic Rifles To Entice 'More People To Follow Jesus'
Man arrested after mistaking car for spaceship
Student Gets Trapped In Giant Stone Vagina
Leading scientist ejected from classical concert for attempting to crowd surf
U.S. scientist ejected after trying to crowd surf at Handel's 'Messiah'
A San Antonio woman has been sentenced to two years in prison for tearing her 6-year-old son's genitals during a rage and then trying to repair the wound using glue
New app replaces all your desktop icons with Kanye West
School features 4 year olds pole dancing to Disney songs
Obamas want their daughters to experience work for minimum wage
Angry Texas Mom Gets Prison for Tearing Son's Genitals
Man arrested over cannabis farm after accidentally calling police himself
Woman who stopped for ducks faces life in prison
Cannabis farm discovered after man calls police on himself
Business owner sorry for calling grandma a c---
Porn Star Marlen Doll Promises 24 Hour Sex Marathon if Chile Beat Holland
Man guilty of propositioning women with cheese, sentenced to probation
Double amputee pins down Dayton burglar
Listen to Morgan Freeman's voice on helium
Data protection company shuts down after hackers delete data
In 2014, US City Ends Ban On Pinball Machines
Student gets stuck in giant stone vagina in Germany
Drugs & alcohol okay for on-duty firefighters in Reno, Nevada
6-Year-Old Evan Declares Flaming Octopus to be "Cray-Cray"
Jackpot! Oakland decriminalizing pinball machines
Business rep sorry for calling grandma a c---
Student gets stuck in giant stone vagina sculpture and has to be rescued by emergency services (NSFW-ish)
Pregnant woman's burger was covered with Cannabis
San Francisco 'Rat Girl' 'Erica J' has released thousands of rodents on to the streets
French boy, 12, fakes own kidnapping to avoid going to dentist
EDL March Against New Mosque That Turned Out To Be A KFC Cost Police £500,000
Mashed Potato Spillage Closes A64 Road In North Yorkshire
North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un Officially Condemns James Franco And Seth Rogen
Pee-wee Herman sketch stolen from ice cream shop
Sweet! Woman is Baking Free Birthday Cakes for Random Strangers
Police: Robbery suspect loses 'bet' that victim doesn't have a gun
Fire destroys Carteret County fire station
No divorce for post-marriage weight gain
Man gets stuck in giant vagina
Pearl Jam Rock 'Frozen' Song 'Let It Go' in Concert
Wanted Man Known As "Kool Aid" Arrested in Rockford
Mario Kart 8 Mercedes-Benz DLC Coming to North America, Europe
Student gets stuck in giant stone vagina.
New Symbol of Russian Military is Mall of America LOGO
Military & Defense More: Military Obama Terrorism International Business Times Iraqis Worry US Intervention Could Turn Into A Disaster
Chinese kids are not walking cabbages to cope with depression
Here's the large mashed potato spill that caused traffic chaos on a UK road
Monsanto plans to patent genetically modified marijuana in Uruguay
Russian army appropriates American logo
US exchange student 'delivered' from giant marble vulva by German fire fighters
US exchange student pulled from Tubingen university marble vagina
Perth Zoo orangutan has a Nicole Kidman fetish.
Prince William gets $11M helicopter from Queen on his birthday
Swiss jets not scrambled over hijacked plane because 'airbases closed at night'
BSO Deputy Fired After Friend Uses Patrol Car Speaker to Heckle People on the Street
No Swiss jets scrambled after hijacking... as airforce only works office hours
Fight to allow boy, 9, to work in quarry - ABC News
Tourist in flip-flops rescued from Aonach Mor mountain
Handcuffed man shot at Denver cops with gun hidden in his butt cheeks
Kids need routine says person rich enough to have a nanny
Polish Foreign Minister: We Gave The US A "Blowjob," Got Nothing
Human skulls found in teddy bears at Mexican airport
Detroit activists call for UN help as city shuts off water for thousands
US student is rescued from giant vagina sculpture in Germany
Women 'put off sport by breasts'
Bra's brazen bra thief plagues town's balconies
Police: Not 'enough tiny handcuffs' for noisy cicadas
British Airways will lull you to sleep with 7-hour train video
Mashed potato spillage closes Yorkshire road for five hours
Two DWIs in less than five hours?
Buttermilk pies tempt customers to stop in all instances
Monkey steals phone then slaps girl
Mashed potato spill closes Yorkshire motorway
No, PETA, Cow Milk Does Not Cause Autism
Labyrinth Planned for Strangling Victim
Cards Against Humanity co-creator apologizes for insensitive card
Woman calls 999 over ants crawling under her door
Canadian Woman Attempts To Save 2 Ducklings, Ends Up Killing 2 Humans
Missouri church raffles AR-15 rifles to increase membership
Drunk Mom Drives Six Kids Home On Top Of Her Car
Barack Obama mistaken for England defender Chris Smalling on souvenir mug (... maybe he would have improved their chances?)
Cheney to Critics: Don't Waste Time 'Debating What Happened 12 Years Ago'
22 fire fighters save man stuck in a female organ
More than 20 firefighters rescue U.S. student trapped inside giant vagina sculpture in Germany
American Student Ends Up Trapped in Giant Vagina Sculpture
A Chinese official visiting a flood-hit village has reportedly been sacked for accepting a piggyback ride from a villager to avoid getting his shoes wet.
Police: Drunk mom drove with 6 kids on top of her car.
ALL NEWS SUBMIT NEWS Punk scientist kicked out of classical symphony concert for crowdsurfing
Mormon church files trademark suit against Canadian polygamist
NC school tells boy,9, to leave My Little Pony lunch bag at home, report says
Punk scientist kicked out of classical symphony concert for crowdsurfing
Amherst woman receives complaint from neighbor who says her soccer enthusiasm interfering with his NASCAR viewing
It's a Boy: Student Rescued From Vagina Sculpture in Germany
Kim Jong Un Will Probably Watch Seth Rogen's Movie About Assassinating Him
US student gets stuck in vagina sculpture, rescued by 22 firefighters
An American Exchange Student Gets Stuck in a Stone Vagina
Teen known as 'Osama Bin Bieber' fights alongside ISIS
Meet the first totally blind American to acquire a conceal and carry permit (USA USA USA)
Georgia Man Shoots Himself in Dick, Doesn't Notice
Molotov Cocktail LED Lantern
A Florida Mom Was Arrested After Branding Her Children To Keep Track Of Them
American exchange student rescued from giant stone vagina
Wave flag to cross street -- then run
Drunk driver falls out of own vehicle, runs over self
Cleaner Air Linked to Fewer Deaths
Starbucks Raising Prices Tuesday
Judge says Council Bluffs company must pay unemployment benefits after firing man over message
Greenpeace defends top executive flying to work: international programme director, flies several times a month from his home in Luxembourg to offices in Amsterdam
Head Of Times Square Alliance Calls For Regulations On Costumed Characters
American Student Gets Stuck in 13-Foot Marble Vagina
Pregnant woman says she took a bite out of the burger to find the cheese smothered with cannabis.
In nod to cultural sensitivity, Minnesota considers renaming Asian carp to 'invasive carp'
Lightning strike knocks man out of steel-toed boots
Marion Barry Comes Out Against Nonexistent "Yogurt Tax"
Ohio Law Enforcement Running Background Checks On All "Gathering Of The Juggalos" Tickets Purchased Online
World Cup 2014: Fifa concerned by Germany fans in black make-up
Two men have been caught masturbating at Oklahoma Walmarts in 6 months
Kanye West Has "Beautiful Child-Like Soul," Says Filmmaker Alejandro Jodorowsky
Three Friends Rushed to Hospital After Becoming 'Possessed' While Playing with Ouija Board
19-Year-Old Rutgers Student Accidentally Elected to Middlesex County Republican Committee
New York Bans 'Tiger Selfies'
Pastor says 'Game of Thrones' fans are "Recrucifying Christ"
American Study-Abroad Bro Gets Stuck in Giant German Vagina
Church auctions off 2 semi-automatic assault rifles to "get more people to follow Jesus"
Student gets stuck inside giant stone vagina
Greenpeace defends top executive flying to work. Issue of Pascal Husting flying from Luxembourg to Amsterdam is 'a really tough one', says Greenpeace UK's executive director
Is it anti-feminist to watch the World Cup?
Three white lawmakers form "Redskins Pride" Caucus
Naked area-man flees police in a tractor
Why selfies with tigers may soon be illegal in New York
South Dakota wants to impeach President Obama. They'll have to get in line.
No World Cup TV: Israel toughens conditions for Hamas inmates
It's a frog, it's a gorilla? No, it's Pig the dog.
Prisoners freed after cops struggle with new records software
American Exchange Student Stuck in German Vagina Sculpture
It's okay for lawyers to look at the social media sites of jurors, according to lawyers
Company confuses Barack Obama with Chris Smalling on England team mug set
Officer: Man who said he wasn't foolish enough to bring drugs to court had bags of pot in sock
Three NYC filmmakers are creating a 'TV series' exclusively for Instagram
President Obama Just Ate Lunch At Chipotle
Student rescued after vagina statue photo-op goes wrong
Detroit Begins Cutting Off Water to 150,000 Residents, Prompting Appeal to United Nations for Help
Barack Obama mistaken for England World Cup player
Rick Ross cancelled Detroit performance because local rapper "Trick Trick" threatened him because Ross didn't ask for permission to perform
Young man gets stuck in giant vagina; 22 firefighters come to his rescue...
Thieves attempt carjacking, but can't get away in a stick shift
Man caught furiously masturbating in a supermarket was genuinely surprised to be seen
An American Got Stuck in a Stone Vagina Sculpture in Germany
Junkies murder retired teacher, take selfies with body
Cop Killers Were Heavily Armed, Wore Diapers, Police Say
Los Angeles street sign allowed 1-minute parking
Former DC mayor defends nonexistent yogurt tax
Student Get's Stuck Inside Giant Stone Vagina
Main man ban leaves Dutch without a Van
Man sues British Airways after booking mistake sends him Grenada instead of Granada
Strangers donate thousands for 'sexy felon' Jeremy Meeks' release from prison
Chainsaw Accident Leaves Poulsbo Man Dickless
Match.com Using Facial-Recognition Technology To Help Users Find Dates That Look Like Exes
Russian Policewomen to Be Disciplined for Wearing Short Skirts
Saudi husband sets World Cup rules for wife
American exchange student stuck inside stone vagina "re-birthed" by firefighters
Bees To Get Help from White House
Man gets stuck inside a statue of a vagina in Germany
19-Year-Old College Student Accidentally Becomes Republican Politician
Dimmitt man dies in crash with truck
Georgia Man Shoots Himself In The Dick, Doesn't Notice
American student rescued after getting stuck in giant vagina
Vietnam suspends crew after jet lands at wrong airport
North Korea Is Furious At Seth Rogen And James Franco For Plotting To Kill Kim Jong-Un
Scientist Ejected From Classical Concert For Crowdsurfing
Woman hit by train in St. Augustine while taking pictures
Islam and Buddhism don't have First Amendment protection, chief justice says
University to offer athletic scholarship for video game 'cyber athletes'
Cuyahoga Falls Man Just Wants to Fly his Kite Naked
'Hitler' wanted for attempted murder at Rainbow Family gathering
Universe Shouldn't Be Here, According to Higgs Physics
Osaka airport's new mascot is adorable, laid-back, possibly drunk .
FBI hunts hypnotist bandit bank robber
Thief Forgets To Log Off Facebook After Burglarizing Home
Jordan to sue Jordan? Arab site falls for hoax
Heil Hipster: The Young Neo-Nazis Trying to Put a Stylish Face on Hate
Glastonbury debuts festival wide Wi-Fi network - fitted to COWS
Singing zoo visitor hops barrier to feed lions cookies
22 Rescuers Free Student Trapped in Vagina Sculpture
Oakland to lift 80-year-old ban on pinball machines
Man gets stuck in a vagina: Student brings new meaning to the phrase 'born again'
Georgia Man shoots off dick and doesn't notice
A Big Butt Is A Healthy Butt: Women With Big Butts Are Smarter And Healthier
Cheney doesn't want to talk about 'what happened 11 or 12 years ago'
Iraq chaos hits home as drivers in U.S. see gas prices go up
Corporate America is taking out life insurance on its employees so companies can profit from workers' deaths
American exchange student trapped in Stone-Vagina
Obama Leans Over Chipotle Sneeze Guard, Infuriates Nation
US Exchange Student Rescued from Vagina Sculpture in Germany
Primark shopper finds 'cry for help' stitched into her £10 dress.
Beer Fridge Blamed For Cellphone Network Blackout
Man sues BMW for giving him permanent erection
Store with normal European sizes angers Americans.
Thief Forgets To Log Off Facebook After Burglarizing Home - CBS Minnesota
A-Rod Banned From Apartment for Ordering Too Many Prostitues
You're over-reaching, Mr President! Obama makes hygiene faux pas as he leans over glass 'sneezeguard'
Obama Accused of 'Overreach' in Chipotle Stop
Osama Bin Bieber: Jihadist British Teenager 'Fighting In Iraq and Syria'
Can't feel the rhythm? You may be 'beat-deaf'
Giant Vagina Sculpture Traps US Student in Germany
French man shoots his son after mistaking him for a blackbird
Driver, 60, caught 'using cell phone jammer to keep motorists around him off the phone'
The Queen fails to try out the Iron Throne for size in Game Of Thrones set visit
Bank of England behaving like an unreliable boyfriend, say MPs
AMERICAN STUDENT GETS STUCK IN VAGINA SCULPTURE IN GERMANY, REINFORCES OUR REPUTATION ABROAD
Pregnant would-be glamour model who smokes 20 a day vows to quit... as long as it's paid for the by NHS (which also paid for her boob job)
Saudi Arabia, a member of the UN Human Rights Council, tries to silence inquiries about their Human Rights abuses
Real Startup That Mails You Quarters for Laundry Isn't Seeking Funding
Microsoft to release Android-powered Nokia X2 handset
Teen charged with grand larceny following Amber Alert
It's a Boy! Student Rescued From Vagina Sculpture
'Gaydar' works - and conservatives have more of it, says U of T researcher
Student Gets Trapped In Vagina Sculpture
Man Sues Airline for Taking Him to Grenada Instead of Than Granada
Green Bay Cop Patrolling The Streets On A Skateboard
Man Sues Airline After Landing in Grenada Instead of Granada
Microsoft unveils its first Android phone
New York lawmakers approve ban on 'tiger selfies'
Chinese official sacked after clerk gives him piggyback to stop shoes from being ruined
Burglar Checks Facebook Profile While Robbing House, Forgets to Log Out
Man Sues British Airways For Sending Him to Grenada Instead of Granada
Chicagoan dressed as Teddy Roosevelt big hit at World Cup
Naked Man on Tractor Arrested After Low-Speed Chase
Iowa family upset that police didn't arrest naked, drunken man who pooped on their carpet
Young German Neo-Nazis Are Appropriating Brooklyn Hipsterdom to Seem Chill
Memphis Zoo visitor hops barrier in bid to feed lions cookies
Plane carrying Spanish team home struck by lightning
Naked man on tractor leads police on low-speed chase
Teen gets stuck in vagina sculpture
Man Eats Wife's Placenta In Smoothie And Taco
Home> U.S. KFC Probes Claim Scarred Child Was Asked to Leave
D'oh! US President Barack Obama mistaken for Chris Smalling on England souvenir mug
Naked man fleeing at 30 km/h on vintage tractor arrested
Woman's Cancer Detected By Pet Kangaroo
Skyscraper game of Tetris breaks world record
Students in Florida students can no longer get in trouble for "brandishing a partially consumed pastry" or other harmless items meant to simulate a gun.
Homeland Security Seeks Thousands Of Pairs Of Underwear For Detained Immigrants - CBS Houston
Man has 100 lb scrotum without winning Medal of Honor!
Woman Banned from Memphis Zoo After Trying to Feed Lions Cookies
Separatists Put Kabbalistic Curse on Ukrainian Governor
Man scolds neighbor for watching World Cup, 'taking jobs' from Americans
UN Elects Israel to Leadership of Committee on "Decolonization"
Washington Plan to Tax Yoga Leads to Political Posturing
ISIS hails Argentina's Messi after victory over Iran
Higgs Boson Seems To Prove That The Universe Doesn't Exist
Gov. Scott signs 'Pop-Tart' bill meant to curb student suspensions
St. Paul Burglar Foiled by Facebook
Unborn Baby Becomes Pregnant While Still Inside The Womb
Hold that call: Authorities seize stun guns disguised as iPhones
Nightclubs are hell. What's cool or fun about a thumping, sweaty dungeon full of posing idiots?
The bizarre funerals where the dead become the 'living' again thanks to new dress-up craze
New York Bill Would Ban Selfies With Tigers
Man wrongly told to lose weight by doctors now seeks money for operation on his 100 lb scrotum
Thad Cochran Says He Grew Up Doing 'All Kinds Of Indecent Things With Animals'
American Exchange Student Pulled Out of Giant German Vagina
U.S. Student is Rescued from Giant Vagina Sculpture in Germany
Opera House cancels speech by Hizb ut-Tahrir spokesman Uthman Badar on why 'honour killings are morally justified'
Naked man driving tractor leads police on 'low speed' chase
Death Row Inmate Survives Execution; Released From Prison
Park ranger loses job after he was seen dancing while on the clock
Baby pregnant while still in the womb - that is going to be tough to explain to those kids someday...
Pediatrics Group to Recommend Reading Aloud to Children
Luis Suarez bite: Uruguay striker accused of biting Giorgio Chiellini in latest controversy during World Cup clash
Queen Elizabeth mulls laying claim to the Iron Throne
Luis Suarez appears to bite yet another opponent during Italy-Uruguay match
Luis Suarez bites Italian defender at the World Cup, Uruguay advances
Woman Claims Hillary Clinton Called Her A "Meanie" In Elementary School
Woman drives 3000km across Europe after GPS error
ISIS Supporters Invite Lionel Messi to Join Jihad After Goal Against Iran
Woman banned from Tennessee zoo for life after trying to feed cookies to lions
Luis Suarez appears to bite opponent (again) in World Cup win
Wanted man surrenders to troopers after watching National Geographic show
Study Claims How I Met Your Mother Is to Blame for Problems in Your Love Life
Nuns Want to Care for Nun-Killing Priest
2 dead, 7 injured in Liberty City mass shooting
Iran Parliament Says Leggings are not Pants
Hamas to kids: Shoot all Jews
NSA Defender Under Investigation For Alleged X-Rated Pictures
Alberta man invents, then torches his fireproof home
Missing cattle was never actually missing
Man with 100lb scrotum was told to lose weight
Armed robber hits head shop: 'If you're cool, I'm cool'
Man walks into Queens McDonald's with knife sticking out of back
'It's a boy!' Four firefighters deliver trapped student from giant vagina sculpture
6 foot tall man in a red dress and purple glitter lipstick robs bank, uses bicycle for getaway vehicle
Burglar signs on to victim's computer, forgets to log off Facebook
Mich. man with 100 lb. scrotum raising funds for life-changing surgery
New York bans "Tiger Selfies" and could cost you a $500 fine
Dead People Get Life-Like Poses at Their Funerals
Poll: Fewer Americans blame poverty on the poor
Woot! founder launches kickstarter to fund a new site exactly like Woot.com called Meh.com
Sir Stuffington, Internet cat sensation, is missing, new owner says
World Cup Heartbreaker: Petition Calls On USA To Invade Portugal As Punishment (x-post from r/politicalhumor)
Retired US Marine claims he spent 17 years on MARS protecting five human colonies from Martians
Naked man fleeing at 30 km/h arrested after 1973 farm tractor inexplicably stalls
Teen accused of killing grandmother at her nudist community home
G77 & China waging war against United States, the EU, the UN Security Council and the world's government led by the IMF and WTO
The Russians obsessed with an English hooligan culture that no longer exists
New Theory Suggests The Universe Shouldn't Exist
Fact: Suarez has never lost a match in which he has bitten an opponent
A man who had been evading arrest for more than a month was found hiding under a mattress...
As Cochran Courts Blacks, Tea Party Vows to Police Polls
Chipotle sneeze guard faux pas for POTUS
Teen carjackers thwarted by 70-year-old victim's car with stick shift
Delaware man run over by wife while teaching her to drive.
Water Pistols Fool Cobourg Police Into Gunpoint Takedown
Nigerian atheist forced into mental hospital
'Stop saying 'uh-oh' while you're flying': Drone crash pilot quotes unveiled
What I Learned About Capitalism By Walking Into A Starbucks And Screaming 'Capitalism!' At The Barista Over And Over Until They Had To Call The Police
Memphis zoo bans woman for climbing into lion enclosure, trying to feed them cookies.
Man wearing red dress, purple lipstick robs Lady's Island bank; search underway.
New York Passes Bill That Could Limit Selfies With Tigers
Teen in Speedo arrested after running through Walmart.
Man wins $1750 on 175/1 Odds that Suarez will bite someone in the 2014 World Cup [x-post /r/sports]
Hallucinated bear attack leads to attempted murder charges.
PISSING INTO YOUR OWN MOUTH IS 'HUGE' IN AUSTRALIA
160 young men make a mess in a French train. Only they are succesful company bosses.
Phillie Phanatic Shoots Pig Mascot with Mach-Speed Hot Dog
Drone Outside Window Spooks Seattle Woman But Cops Say No Law Broken
167 people cashed in on bet that Luis Suarez would bite someone at World Cup
Genetic Links Found Between Schizophrenia And Cannabis Use
Atheist declared mentally ill in Nigeria
Green Bay's 'skateboard cop' makes traffic stop while riding
City Light leader fell for copper con: A chance meeting in the lobby of the utility led to a 20-ton heist by a fast-talking pair who claimed they needed scrap copper wire for an Indian charity teaching disabled Cherokee children how to make jewelry
Norwegian punter rakes in €2,000 after backing Luis Suarez to bite someone at the World Cup
Fake penis drug test bust
Airline Sends Man to Grenada Instead of Granada
Idaho sheriff: Contact us about your lost meth.
WHOOPS! Man accused of burglarizing home logs onto Facebook there... and forgets to logoff.
Two men rob an internet cafe after renting and using computers, get caught because one of them forgot to sign out of Facebook.
Common Sense 'Pop Tart' Gun Bill Becomes Law In Florida
Burglar signs into Facebook, gets caught
Mexico drug lord arrested watching World Cup
A Swat Team Blew A Hole In My Two-Year-Old Son
Iran urges freedom of Puerto Rico from US occupation
Claiming numerous medical conditions, 47 year old woman bilks $2.6 million from WWII vet and retired Air Force Colonel.
The $6,700 Luxury Toilet Opens And Closes The Lid For You, Plays Soothing Music, And Even Has A Heated Seat
Velveeta cheese sold in Walmart recalled over lack of preservatives
Australian internet fails pigeon test
Teens' attempted car theft foiled by stick shift
Suarez bite leaves Scandinavian gamblers counting their winnings
16yo Asiana flight crash victim survives only to be run over twice by emergency responders.
16yo Asiana flight crash victim survives only to be run over twice and killed by emergency responders.
16yo Asiana flight crash survivor dies after being run over and killed by emergency responders.
Vagina sculpture in Germany traps exchange student
White Gun Nuts Plan To March Through Black Neighborhood Carrying Assault Rifles
Mom Who Tore Son's Scrotum And Tried To Fix Injury With Superglue Sentenced To Prison
"It's Not How It Looks" Accused Sex Worker Says Of Selfie With Sugar Daddy's Corpse
GOP candidate Jody Hice in 2011: 'Most people think Islam is a religion, it's not'
Terrorist man costumes 'bad taste'
Muslim Cleric Who Groped Aussie Women Says It's a Cultural Misunderstanding
Qatar seeks to transform Spanish bullring into mosque
Two Japanese Vending Machines Brutally Murdered
Brazilians blame Mick Jagger for Italy's exit
North Korea calls new Seth Rogen film, The Interview, an 'act of war'
Australia Bans Small Breasted Pornography
Facebook's 'Like' button illegal in German state
Don't wear a condom, wear values to fight AIDS: Harsh Vardhan
Dog meat festival in China sparks outrage
Amnesty International Apologizes to Iggy Pop for Justin Bieber Torture Ad. "The statement attributed to Iggy Pop that he believes Justin Bieber is the future of rock and roll does not represent Iggy Pop's personal opinion."
Barcelona's bullring may become Europe's biggest mosque
Sing for your supper, says millionaire as he treats New York tramps to fillet steak
Woman causes spinal injury to bicyclist while texting... says she doesn't care
Wimbledon bans flasks of tea over terrorism concerns
ISIS invites Messi to 'join jihad call' after Iran match
Police: Woman hit by train while standing on railroad tracks taking photos of it
North Korea threatens war on US over Kim Jong-un movie
Teenager Commits Suicide After Learning Wrestling Not Real
Scrotum tumour ignored by pensioner Bob Day for a year
Minnesota crook caught after leaving Facebook profile up in home he burglarized
Kazakhstan: 'Selfie' statue removed after ridicule
You are more likely to be bitten by Luis Suarez (1 in 2,000) than a shark (1 in 3,700,000)
League of Legends becomes an official varsity sport at Robert Morris University
North Korea Threatens War Over Seth Rogen Movie
Tim Cook About To Leave Apple For G-Unit?
Man walks into McDonald's with knife sticking out of his back
10-year-old girl saves father's life by posting on Facebook
True grit: Here's what it's really like to serve dirt on the menu
Katy Perry offers to write Hillary Clinton's campaign theme song. She responds by plugging her new book
68-year-old woman arrested in Brooklyn purse snatchings
18-year-old girl jailed for a year for putting a slice of bacon on the door handle of a mosque
Nigerian man detained in mental institute in Kano 'because he renounced Islam'
Being hit by a flying hot dog isn't an inherent risk of watching baseball, state supreme court says
Thief forgets to log off Facebook after robbing home
Goose gave cyclist 'the evil eye' before vicious attack
NJ woman sues employer over her anxious commute to work
Newt Gingrich: Hilary Clinton Is Like Kim Kardashian
Tila Tequila Exposes The Illuminati
Burglar uses Facebook on victim's computer, forgets to log out
Toddler Throws Dad Under the Bus to Avoid Trouble
Man returns home to Milwaukee for reunion, gets shot in face.
Woman walks free after killing husband
Why not the Washington Reagans?
Make online Without any blog..
American woman calls police after neighbour complains World Cup interferes with his NASCAR viewing
Chinese Zillionaire Has Trouble Giving Cash Away To New Yorkers
Bitcoin has a future, but maybe not as a currency
Study: Feeling ugly makes you more likely to donate to the Occupy movement
Students Were Frustrated With The Dress Code, Then One Of Them Had An Idea, Then He Forgot It, Now He Can't Remember It
Ghana Sends Plane With $3 Million to Calm World Cup Team
North Korea calls Seth Rogen - James Franco film "an act of war"
Liquor donations to charities now legal in Louisiana
Rudderless Congress breaks driverless car
Poop stains reveal penguins migrate with climate
Infant Incarceration Rates Skyrocket in Florida
Does Extreme Water Drinking Make You Healthier?
Spain's luck is so bad a lightning bolt struck the team's plane
EPA Employees Told to Stop Pooping in the Hallway
North Korea threatens 'merciless' response over Seth Rogen film
Man walks into McDonalds with knife in back
New Jersey Woman to sue her employer over her long stressful commute.
Screaming man with dead raccoon in Mukilteo
Automatic Sperm Extractor Introduced Into A Chinese Hospital
Woman Wounded When "Unattended" Gun Goes Off On CTA Bus
Prince Fielder to pose nude for ESPN the Magazine 'body issue'
North Korea threatens war over James Franco and Seth Rogen's new movie
Military exercises in Pearl Harbor may impact garage doors
Toddler nearly drowns hours after leaving pool (x-post r/wtf)
Dr. Manny: Soccer player's bite during World Cup game is very dangerous
Adam Levine Ponders if Adam Levine is a Douche
Toddler nearly drowns hours after leaving pool
ISIS congratulates Messi for beating Iran, invites him to become Sunni jihadist.
Teens try to steal car but can't drive a stick shift
Cop found drunk, nearly naked in stranger's Bronx apartment hours after receiving medal
Man with 100 lb. scrotum misdiagnosed for years
Waterville Under Water Following Widespread Flooding
Vibrator caused flight to be delayed in Stockholm
Oprah Posts Bail For 'Sexy Felon' Jeremy Meeks
Drug trafficker killed by his own 500kg cargo of weed after it crushed him to death when he crashed car following police chase
Multimillion dollar World Cup international security team displays secure wi-fi password in picture for newspaper story
This Chinese Sperm Bank Is Now Jacking Off Its Donors
$500 reward for safe return of giant clam floating down Mississippi River
John Boehner announces plans to sue Obama
Supreme Court rules smart phones protected by fourth amendment, potentially confusing to Martians
Arrested, Suspended: Philadelphia Police Officer Ran Teenage 'Fight Club'
Pastor Compares Watching Game of Thrones to 'Recrucifying Christ'
Washing chicken 'spreads infection'
Stabbing Victim Walks Into Queens McDonald's With Knife In His Back
Student trapped in giant vagina sculpture
Nigerian Singer Offers Virginity in Exchange for Abducted Girls
BBC apologizes for erroneous "no nudity in Game Of Thrones" alert
Google's Cardboard turns your Android device into a VR headset
Got Any Spare Change? Alaska Slaps Panhandlers with $200 Fine
Got Any Spare Change? Alaska Town Slaps Panhandlers with $200 Fine
Nigerian singer offers virginity to anyone who buys her mum a jet
EPA Employees Asked To Stop Pooping In The Hallway
Stupid Mother Tattoos 'Jesus Christ' On Baby's Arm
Woman Scared by 'Dexter' Ad Sues MTA for Subway Fall
Texas Judge Sentences Man To Death For Marijuana Possession
Murdered Tourist Looking for "Real Africa"
Elizabeth Warren Crushes Chris Matthews, And A Word On Cement (yes, they are related)
Increasing Suicide Bombing Marks End Of Terrorism - Ethiopian PM
Corvette Museum Decides to Keep Popular Sinkhole
Source: Dad searched how long it takes animal to die in hot car before child left in hot car
"Rollin' Coal" Is Pollution Porn for Dudes With Pickup Trucks
VIDEO: Teens attempt to steal car but don't know how to drive stick shift
Rock Simulator 2014 game coming soon
Dipshit officers in Idaho detain and harass guys after mistaking "nickel sack" from the band name "Nickelback."
Oprah posts bail for "sexy felon" based on his attractiveness
Driver loses his head while trying to lose the cops
Insane Clown Posse: why two clown rappers are suing the FBI
Ghanaian government sends $3 million in cash to calm their World Cup players.
Gary Oldman Apologizes for Stereotyping Jews
EPA Employess Told to Stop Pooping in the Hallway
Chuck Norris: 'Public schools are little more than secular progressive indoctrination camps'
Plastic Surgeon David Matlock Sculpts, Marries His Perfect Woman
Teens Fail to Steal Elderly Woman's Car Because They Can't Drive Stick
A man didn't attend his wedding because of joining a mini tournament in DOTA2
Southern GOPer Says Only Christians Should be Protected by Constitution
Hitler probably made it to Argentina
Chinese tycoon struggles to give away $100 bills to suspicious New Yorkers
FIFA reportedly investigating Neymar for displaying prohibited underpants at World Cup
Kid Gets Away With Wearing Hilarious Knit Beard in His Yearbook Photo
Palestinian pollster: Kidnapping 'very bad for Palestinian people'
Fake engineer made Berlin Airport fire system
Facebook looks to block ISIS clothing sales
Hidden Cash: Millionaire banned from hiding cash around Paris
Northwestern's journalism school misspells its name on 2014 diploma
John Huppenthal, Arizona Superintendent of Public Instruction, Says 'All Spanish Media Should Be Banned'
Did President Obama "overreach" at Chipotle lunch stop?
Pablo Escobar's Pet Hippos are Causing an Invasive Pest Problem in Colombia
Kim Jong Un Swears 'Merciless' Retaliation if New Seth Rogen Film Released | TIME
Kim Jong Un Swears 'Merciless' Retaliation if New Seth Rogen Film Released
Man arrested after leading police on drunken tractor chase : Northern Michiganders never cease to amaze.
The Mormon Church excommunicates woman for calling Mormon Church sexist.
Claire "Money" McCaskill to Hillary Clinton: "Being Rich is Just Being American!"
Teen Forced To Wear "Gaytard" Name Tag
Whole Foods Fined for Overcharging California Customers
EPA appeals to its workers not to poop in the hallway
Bolivia rebels at rightist timepieces, flips clock
Google Cardboard Was the Ultimate WTF Moment of Google I/O
Man arrested after leading police on drunken tractor chase : News : UpNorthLive.com
Facebook has Oculus, Google has Cardboard
World Cup Security Team Accidentally Shares SSID and WiFi Password Via Local Newspaper
The Best Thing Since Sliced Cheese Is Even Thinner Sliced Cheese
Scientist Booted from Concert for Crowd-Surfing to Handel's "Messiah"
Alaska bear falls through skylight into party, eats all the cupcakes.
Powerful Verizon Commercial Warns Against Telling Girls They're Pretty
US student gets stuck in giant vulva
EPA Workers 'Told to Stop Pooping in the Hallways'
U.S. exchange student has to be rescued by firefighters after getting stuck inside giant stone vagina sculpture.
Petition to submit 'My Lovely Horse' in Eurovision 2015 turned down by MPs
Check Out This Insane Bike Theft Caught On GoPro HD
World Cup star accused of biting opponent is victim of Photoshop hoax, Uruguay claims
The Oldest Human Poop Ever Discovered Reveals What Neanderthals Ate
Cops give out scratch-and-sniff cards that smell like weed to help people identify the odor
Woman who took selfies next to dead body cleared of murder (X-post from r/pussypass)
Pablo Escobar's hippos: A growing problem
ny growing interest in soccer a sign of nation's moral decay
Nancy Grace tells father of missing boy he's been found alive his basement live on national television
Any growing interest in soccer a sign of nation's moral decay
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to make modelling debut at London Fashion Week
Baby bear euthanised by Swiss zoo amid public outrage will now be stuffed and displayed to teach children 'nature can be very cruel'
Australian Police Confiscate Pastafarian Man's Guns Because He Posed For His ID Card Wearing A Colander
Alcoholic two-year-old boy prefers bottles of beer to milk
Federal Agency Tells Employees: No More Feces in the Hallway
Julian Assange to model for London Fashion Week
Women from Canada gets sentenced after causing death of two people by leaving her car on the highway to help ducklings
Watch: Missing Boy's Father Learns His Son Was Found in the Basement
What Discovery of Oldest Human Poop Reveals About Neanderthals' Diet
Neymar Under Investigation for His Underwear Choice
Detroit boy missing for 11 days found alive in parents' basement
Stabbing Victim Walks Into McDonald's With Knife In His Back
Krusty Krab: Iconic SpongeBob SquarePants Restaurant to Open Above Water in Palestine
32-Ton Marble Vagina Traps US Exchange Student
Jeremy Meeks's Handsome Mug Shot
EPA Employees Won't Stop Pooping in Hallways
Bear Falls Through Skylight Into Party, Then Eats All The Cupcakes
Morgan Freeman Believes A Zombie Apocalypse Could Be Closer Than We Think
Saudi married on a dare by friends
Odisha schoolgirl commits suicide over pencil, notebook
Neymar investigated by FIFA for underwear violation: report
EPA Told Employees To Stop Pooping In The Hallway
Why Your Professional Athlete Might Be Biting You (& How to Make Him Stop)
Scott Walker Supporter Charged With Major Voter Fraud Claims Amnesia
America's Favorite National Pastime: Hating Soccer
Zoo kills neglected bear cub, will stuff it for children to learn 'nature can be cruel'
A Physicist Says We Can Tornado-Proof the Midwest with Three 1,000-Foot Walls
FIFA reportedly investigating Neymar for prohibited underwear
Jimmy Savile 'boasted he wore huge rings made from the glass eyes of dead bodies'
London Has A Bus Stop Made Of 100,000 LEGO Bricks
Missing boy found in father's basement; dad finds out on live TV
Coulter: Any growing interest in soccer a sign of nation's moral decay
Louisville man offered "like fifty bucks" to retrieve merchandise
Gay Teen Says He Was Forced To Wear 'Gaytard' Name Tag At Taco Chain
Ottawa area teenager arrested after throwing juice box at grandmother
Premature Death is Linked to Watching Television
Coulter: America's Favorite National Pastime: Hating Soccer
Ann Coulter Denounces Soccer Because it is Not American
SA government offering incentives to keep whites out of jobs
German exchange student, 17, shot dead by Montana homeowner who had set up trap with purse as 'bait' to catch burglars in his garage
Stabbed man called daughter from McDonald's to cancel movie night
Bear falls through skylight, eats birthday cupcakes
This Man's Gaze Is Harmful to Pregnant Women
Montana homeowner who set trap for burglar is charged with killing German exchange student
Google introduces cardboard virtual reality rival
Dancing park ranger gets fired because killjoy mom can't handle his sick moves.
The Roots Reveal How Boyz II Men Cheated In Their High School Talent Show
Ann Coulter: Any growing interest in soccer a sign of nation's moral decay"
Copenhagen Zoo to Expand Entertainment Department with New Colosseum
Chinese millionaire's flashy stunt to feed NYC homeless ends in chaos.
Steam Greenlight fans are enthusiastic about Rock Simulator 2014
You can now buy a KFC gold-plated chicken bone necklace
Italy makes coffee machine that works in space
Most Bootyful Butts! Best Bulges! Why it's great to objectify World Cup Players
Uruguayans now claim Luis Suarez bite pics were altered in media 'manhunt'
Triple Monster Black Hole Discovered
Former Chick-fil-A employee accused of robbing KFC
Poop transplants treat superbug infections
Mississippi Tea Party enraged by blacks voting Republican
Organic farming is so much harder than just getting stoned and picking tomatoes
At least 50 people hospitalized from Avicii concert at TD Garden
Iraqi PM welcomes Syria air strike on border crossing
Investigation launched after drone full of drugs touched down at Dublin prison
Mountain climber airlifted from Alps peak after thief steals his boots
Executive Overreach Again: Obama's Chipotle Visit Sends Twitterverse Into Frenzy
Ann Coulter: "No American whose great-grandfather was born here is watching soccer"
Two men say they threw away a $1M lottery ticket, sue NJ to collect
Minya judge reads newspaper, discovers he sentenced child to death
Ann Coulter: "..growing interest in soccer a sign of nation's moral decay"
Gifts of $300 to Homeless Are Reduced to a Lunch
Missing Detroit boy found alive in his basement
Fleshlight Launchpad - An iPad cover you can stick your penis in. [NSFW]
Meet The Arizona School Superintendent Who Wants To Ban Spanish
Police: Man Leaves His Facebook Logged In After Burglarizing Home
Pissing into your own mouth is "huge" is Australia
North Korea declares Seth Rogen and James Franco movie an act of war.
USA fans cheer World Cup loss
Free pregnancy tests to be placed in Alaska bars
Family Stumped by Fired Live-In Nanny Who Won't Leave
There's a Beer Bash at a Nudist Resort... and You're Invited!
ANN COULTER THINKS GROWING INTEREST IN SOCCER IS A SIGN OF AMERICA'S MORAL DECAY
Burglar logs in to Facebook in victim's house, forgets to sign off
British Airways to show seven-hour train journey as inflight entertainment
High school track coach has sex with one of her underaged students and gets 15 days sentencing.
Japan Kicks Off Whaling Season with Public Carving
Verizon's encouraging ad has nothing to do with phones
Warning over USB chargers after woman dies from apparent electrocution
Jimmy Savile latest: 'macabre reports' of interfering with dead bodies
'Minecraft' Creator Buys Rare Aphex Twin Vinyl for $46,300
Jimmy Savile had sex with dead bodies in mortuary, shocking hospital report reveals http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/jimmy-savile-sex-dead-bodies-3767280#ixzz35mZ4Z2rR Follow us: @DailyMirror on Twitter | DailyMirror on Facebook
Massachusetts SWAT teams claim they're private corporations, immune from open records laws
Man shot by cops was tying to rob brother...again
North Korea: James Franco, Seth Rogen movie is 'undisguised terrorism'
Bolivia's government wants to fight colonialism by running clocks in reverse
GOP attempt to prevent pot decriminalization in D.C. accidentally legalizes pot in D.C.
Mensa Starts Dating Site Because Asking for IQ Scores on First Dates Wasn't Really Working
Football Field Accidentally Built on Man's Land
Nazi hipsters? 'Nipster' movement spreading across Germany
Hispanic family in California, can't get their white nanny to leave after firing her.
Anne Coulter on Staying in the News
Turtle gets high-profile help crossing Winnipeg's busiest street
Fox Panelist: World Cup Is A Way For Obama To 'Distract People' (VIDEO)
Fox News pundit thinks World Cup is Obama plot to "distract people"
Starving model 'shoplifts' Pop-Tarts from a supermarket
Man leaves his Facebook logged in after burglarizing home
Ann Coulter On The World Cup: 'Growing Interest In Soccer A Sign Of The Nation's Moral Decay'
Snakes and bees 'flush out' Boko Haram fighters
Box of ancient artifacts found on top of cupboard at U.K. university
US State Department launches Twitter campaign against terrorism
Ex-Chick-fil-A Employee Robs KFC
ABC NEWS BLOGS > POLITICS > GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS George Stephanopoulos HEADLINES POLITICS ENTERTAINMENT HEALTH LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY Justice Sonia Sotomayor Promises That Hillary Clinton Costco Encounter Wasn't Planned
Texas weighs using bacon preservative to poison feral hogs
Who Was General Tso and Why Are We Eating His Chicken?
with six you get eggroll
Boy released by kidnapper after singing gospel music
South St. Paul: Burglar busted after failing to log off Facebook, police say
Obama's EPA pleads with employees to stop pooping in hallways
First Scientific Proof Of God Found
OUR BAND ONLY SOLD ONE COPY OF OUR ALBUM AND WE'D LIKE IT BACK.
Man accused of fatally shooting neighbor because he blew leaves in his driveway
Krusty Krab Set to Open Franchise Above Sea Level
Don't Let the Doctor Do This to Your Newborn
Dad arrested after son, 8, skips church to play
Border Officers Find Accordion Full of Meth in Nogales.
Idaho deputies confront, handcuff man over Nickelback - but not because he's a fan.
Hero Woman Slips Out of Handcuffs, Steals Weed Back from Cops, Eats It
Hundreds of NYC's Homeless Were Duped by a Chinese Millionaire Today
Whole Foods found guilty of overcharging customers.
Congress candidate feels opponent is a body double.
Congressional candidate feels opponent is a body double
Couple Has Sex While Skydiving, FAA Very Interested
Missing boy found in dad's basement, dad is surprised
Restaurant Offering A 5-Sandwich Reward For The Return Of Its Beloved Fiberglass Cheeseburger
Will Ferrell crashes Brazil World Cup bar, drives US fans wild and pledges to bite every German Luis Suarez style
Nth Korea declares war on Seth Rogan
City of Vancouver formally declares city is on unceded Aboriginal territory
Fabio Capello blames laser beam for Russia's elimination by Algeria.
New Zealand student Lucan Battison wins High Court battle to keep long hair
House Republicans might accidentally legalize marijuana in DC
Woman Goes to Hospital for Hernia, Delivers 10lb Baby
FORGET PEOPLE, NOW YOU CAN JUST FUCK YOUR IPAD
Explorer to push brussels sprout up Mount Snowdon with his nose
Listen To Vin Scully Tell A Charming Story About Bird Shit
Dartmoor rooftop prisoners offered sun cream
In US, over 75 per cent of conservatives say the poor 'have it easy'
Wimbledon women forced to go bra-less due to all-white rule clampdown
'Rapist-repellent' bra to star at President's event
Missing boy found in own home
Train surfer 'electrocuted' while riding on top of Melbourne train
Texas Police Officer: Cops Killing People is Justified Because the Bible Says So
Fox News Panelist: Obama Loves World Cup, Legal Pot Because They 'Distract' Americans From Iraq
Rooftop prisoners offered sun cream
Middletown parents upset over surprise summer-school news
73 year old veteran fired by Cracker Barrel for giving a homeless person a muffin
Icelandic Girl Denied Passport Due to 'Illegal' Name
Wimbledon women forced to play 'bra-less' after dress code violations
Liverpool and Uruguay furious as Fifa treat Suarez 'like a dog'
CRAZY VIDEO | Man from 'planet Zoltron' attacks police car
China Bans Companies From Selling 'World Cup Heartbreak Insurance'
Petition to make Father Ted's 'My Lovely Horse' Ireland's Eurovision song turned down
Assault over saved seats at Mormon chapel leads to jail sentence
Female manatee stranded on Florida beach after getting exhausted by mating session
Manatee Stranded on Florida Beach After Exhausted From Mating
A Robot Hitchhiking Across Canada Can Talk, Will Post Selfies On Instagram
Julian Assange: Wikileaks founder to make modelling debut at London Fashion Week as catwalk show comes to Ecuadorian Embassy
Ann Coulter: Growing popularity of soccer 'sign of the nation's moral decay'
Fox Panelist: World Cup Is A Way For Obama To 'Distract People'
Ted Cruz Wants To Impeach Eric Holder Over A Non-Scandal In An Agency Holder Doesn't Run
The Swiss zoo has caused a public outcry by killing a healthy baby brown bear because it was being bullied by its father and neglected by its mother. The zoo has said it will stuff and display it to teach children that "nature can be cruel."
Sniper called in as police hunt Elvis impersonator with 'access to guns'
West Michigan Man Seeks Funds To Fix His 100-Pound Scrotum
FAMILY OF MAN SHOT WHILE ROBBING A WAFFLE HOUSE CALLS FOR STRICTER GUN LAWS
India's long, dark and dangerous walk to the toilet
Woman adopts shelter dog, posts it on craigslist for $200
Nigerian Pop Star Adokiye Kyrian Offers Virginity In Exchange For Release Of Schoolgirls Kidnapped By Boko Haram
Eating a sandwich in public deemed an act of defiance of Thailand's junta; at least one arrest already
Women being masturbated at in public isn't as rare as you might think
After allegedly burglarizing KC costume shop, man stops in at nearby bar dressed bird-like
Man Steals A Bird Costume, Wears It To A Bar Down The Street
This giant robot is designed to let you juggle cars (for real)
Pot served with fast-food order at Md. Sonic
AC part thief: I don't like air conditioning
Japan begins whaling season with meat feast for school children
Casual Sex Is Good for You, According to Your New Favorite Study
World Cup 2014: Which teams can - and can't - have sex during the tournament
Russia World Society Science Incidents Opinion Business Photo Advertising sections News » Society Khrushchev's great-granddaughter says Arnold Schwarzenegger could become US Ambassador to Russia
Organizer of 'Ride for the Constitution' Believes President Obama is Osama bin Laden
California couple says live-in nanny refuses to move out after firing
Cumming Man Dislocates Jaw Eating Sandwich
GOP Hopeful: My Public Masturbation Fetish and Felonies Were Bad Ideas
Ann Coulter: Real Americans hate soccer 'No American whose great-grandfather was born here is watching soccer'
Rob Ford can overcome his problems: Charlie Sheen
Bear shot after falling through skylight, eating birthday cupcakes
Being Masturbated At Not As Uncommon as People Think
Netflix set to launch next year in Australia, where it already has thousands of subscribers
Khrushchev's great-granddaughter says Arnold Schwarzenegger could become US Ambassador to Russia
This shrew only weighs an ounce but it's more like an elephant than a mouse
Couple accused of child neglect over daughters teeth
Man accused of naked kite flying denies it and explains
Man accused of ejaculating on woman at Brown Line Southport Stop
Georgia man accidentally shoots his own penis while trying to holster gun
Mouse-like mammal related to elephants discovered in Africa
Flight from hell on Ryanair as drunk travellers returning from Irish wake down cans of Guinness, urinate on the floor and injure a passenger
GOP Candidate Charges Opponent Is Dead, Represented By A Body Double
Scumbag Washington State DOH
Have sex with your iPad thanks to the new sex toy no-one asked for
Match.com Partners With Mensa for Smart-People-Only Dating Club
One Direction might sue 'One Erection' condoms
This Is An iPad Case You Can Have Sex With
Study: Laughter Truly is the Best Medicine, Except for Cases of Severe Diarrhea
EPA employees asked to stop pooping in hallway. "Poop bandit" may still be on the loose.
New Toy Accessory Lets Men Have Sex With Their iPads
Friend asks, "What are you going to do? Stab me?" Gets stabbed
Fleshlight Releases iPad Case You Can Hump
RCMP in Quebec apologize for anti-Mafia bust code name after complaints
Republican candidate is convinced his opponent is dead and using a body double as a stand-in
A Bounce House of Breasts and other carnal carnival attractions have arrived at NYC's Museum of Sex.
My donkey meat is tainted with fox meat!
Live-in nanny stops working, will have to be legally evicted from the home. This is the 37th time she's done this.
Cornish village in lockdown over fears of armed Elvis lookalike
Police Confiscate Healthy Baby For "Testing" Because Of Off-Grid Birth
UK village in lockdown as police hunt Elvis impersonator feared to be armed near primary school
America's growing interest in soccer and the World Cup is a sign of the country's 'moral decay', claims Ann Coulter
Shootings rise after China gives its police guns
Border Agents Find a Pound of Meth in Woman's Vagina
Officials: No danger from pig blood at Asheville concert
GOP Candidate Explains Why He Was Arrested for Masturbating to Spark Plugs (And Other Things)
Bolivian leader calls clock colonialism
Two Underage Males Caught Having Sex at Water Park
OK gun range owner insists howitzer fired safely after shell blasts house 3 miles away
CNBC Host Calls Out Tim Cook as Being Openly Gay
Texas cop kills for Christ, claims he is a 'Christian Warrior'
Exclusive video: Shia chased bum for his food before meltdown
Oklahoma Republican claims his opponent is a 'robot look-alike'
Doctors: Drinking urine for medicinal purposes is a bad idea
You can now literally have sex with your iPad
Over 60 Percent of the Restaurants on 'Kitchen Nightmares' Are Now Closed
Taxi drivers team up to take down alleged pee bandit
People Are Finding Suits Of Armor Washed Up On The Beach. Here's Why Taking Them Home Is A Big Mistake.
Saskatchewan lawyer punished for writing retainer on toilet paper
Michael Grimm, Who Threatened To Throw Reporter Over Balcony, Rallies Against Bullying
FDA grapples with oversight of fecal transplants
A Pointed Reminder: Keep Your Gun Away From Your Penis
Ben Carson Explains How Gay Marriage Is A Marxist Plot To Impose The 'New World Order'
New Ultra Powerful Illegal Drug Known as Dabs Appears in Tennessee
Mexican Military Plane Crosses Border into Arizona, Fires Two Shots at Border Patrol Agents
Man finds out live on-air that his son, missing for 11 days, was found alive...in his own basement
U.S. student gets stuck in giant vagina statue, needs to be rescued by 22 firefighters
Live-in nanny refuses to leave after firing
Kerry: Syrian Moderate Rebels Could Help in Iraq
Ann Coulter calls soccer a liberal conspiracy.
Miss Florida crown awarded to wrong person; 'tabulation error' blamed
Kristen Stewart's 'Snow White' Gets Sequel, Minus Kristen Stewart's Snow White
Ann Coulter: Growing soccer interest sure sign of America's 'moral decay'
Men Who Cheat On Their Wives Are More Likely To Die Of Cardiac Arrest During Sex
China owns half of europe
AZ residents at chemtrail hearing: 'We're being sprayed like we're bugs and it's really not okay'
Ann Coulter: 'Growing Interest In Soccer A Sign Of The Nation's Moral Decay'
Young girl's uncontrollable laughter was actually a brain tumor
Knickers check is creepy, say female players
Interest in soccer a sign of nation's moral decay
Man Smuggles Drugs in Ice Cream Truck, Escapes by Swimming to Mexico
Live-In Nanny Refusing To Leave Home
Man allegedly steals 'chicken suit,' wears it to wing night at pub next door
Michigan GOP candidate: Ignore my arrests for publicly masturbating in other people's cars
You Have A Higher Chance Of Being Bitten By Uruguay's Luis Suarez Than By A Shark
Woman suffers smoke inhalation from burnt toast
Family's fight to kick out carer who refused to work... and now wants to ban THEM from their own house
Espresso machine being sent to International Space Station
Bad Guys With Guns Hold Up Patrons Outside Gun Ranges, Take Their Guns
Chinese Billionaire Wants To Buy 1,000 Poor Americans Lunch, But They Must Listen To Him Sing
Profile left open in burglary victim's home, man logs into jail
Screaming man found with dead raccoon in Mukilteo
UK facing major sperm shortage, fearing lower quality sperm to be accepted.
Those Guys Can Totally Suck It
Michigan Republican Confesses 'Public Masturbation Fetish,' Hopes To Beat Off Competition
Saginaw man on parole seeks state House seat, broke into cars for sexual fetish
Savile Wore 'Huge Rings Made From Glass Eyes Of Dead Bodies'
State Police Are Badly Underestimating the Price of Their Weed Stash
Pizza Hut of Sri Lanka issues a bill to "Mr. Fucker"
Man killed after attacker rips out his still-beating heart and bites it over noodle row
KKK Grand Wizard Claims Discrimination When Kicked Off Neighborhood Watch
Facebook tinkered with users' feeds for a massive psychology experiment
Miss Delaware, 24, loses crown for being too old
Golden Gate bridge board unanimously approves $76m anti-suicide net.
UK facing 'major' sperm shortage.
Make a $1000....... off of Yo.
Man in Screamingly Loud Paisley Shirt Explains Google's Subtle New Design Language
Suarez Tells FIFA He Accidentally Fell on Bite Victim
Fleshlight introduces an iPad case that you can fuck.
German princess fined for violent, drunken, anti-Muslim rant
That'll teach you! Jilted man buys hundreds of cinema tickets to prove to ex how wealthy he's become
Thanks to Fleshlight, you can now fuck your iPad.
Lettuce nose-stuffer avoids jail
Oklahoma congressional candidate claims opponent is dead, being represented by robot body double
Primary Challenger Says GOP Rep. Was Executed, Replaced By Body Double
North Korea promises war if Seth Rogan's new movies is released.
Should Auschwitz Be A Site For Selfies?
Man vandalizes air conditioners, says he doesn't like the machines
This park ranger in my town got fired for dancing on the job.
FAST-FOOD RAGE: Angry Over Wait, Man Draws Shotgun
Since starting, Portsmouth auditor has logged in twice
Putting the fun into funeral: deceased shown propped up and partying
Perth council votes to rename itself South Park as part of merger plans
Egypt's army says "AIDS detector" needs more tests
Eggs pelted at Suzuki's office after he apologizes for sexist jeers
Snakes And Bees Are Driving Boko Haram Out Of The Forest
Study: People Hate Happy Couples on Facebook
Monkey's face says, 'Don't mate with me'
SWORN IN Bassist Kicked Out Because He Likes Model Trains Too Much
Australian City to be renamed South Park, due to merger
Hundreds of IMAX 'Transformers' Tickets Purchased in Man's Bid to Win Back Long, Lost Love
Deputies mistake Nickelback music reference for drug deal landing Idaho man in cuffs
Cool Dude Buys Hundreds of Transformers Tickets to Impress Ex
Hutch woman says she started fire to kill spider | Local News
Deceased Drug Lord's Escaped Hippos Taking Over Colombian Countryside
مسلسل باب الحارة الجزء السادس الحلقة 1
Congressional candidate claims Rep. Lucas dead, replaced with look alike
2 men throw out $1M ticket, sue New Jersey Lottery
Eminem's Daughter Graduates From High School, Reminds Us That We Are All Really Old
Netherlands vs Mexico: Dutch squad promised free trip into space if they win the 2014 World Cup
Los Angeles Set To Open Its First Medical Marijuana Farmers Market
Members of the Zulu Nation Send a Warning to Popular Website World Star Hip Hop
Diamond thieves nailed by Portland investigators used Chihuahua as diversion, made off on Jet Skis
Medical Marijuana Farmers Market to Debut in Los Angeles
Tennessee city renames itself Rocky Top | Times Free Press
Dyke March draws thousands in 'Longest Walk'
Fulbright scholar who won 'Smallest Penis' contest: 'I'm so happy!'
Luis Suarez Lookalike Wanted In Manchester For Biting Attack
Nigerian's rejection of religion deemed clinical insanity.
The Quest to Understand Feminism Through 'World of Warcraft'
Todd Carney reportedly sacked by Cronulla Sharks after picture showing him urinating into his own mouth
In India, a move to replace talk of condoms with downward dog | Toronto Star
Neymar 'investigated for wrong underwear choice' in World Cup games by Fifa
FIFA investigates Neymar for his choice of underwear
Woman charged with arson after trying to kill a spider
Woman 'burns down home trying to kill a spider'
Death metal band to perform inside a soundproof, airtight box in London
Soccer fan puts house & FAMILY UP FOR SALE to raise money to stop star player from leaving
Kansas woman says she started fire to kill spider
IDF uses candy to sway Palestinians away from Hamas
Congressman replaced with robot body double after secret Ukrainian execution, says opponent
Man Claims Oklahoma Congressman Dead, Replaced by 'Look Alike'
The ugly truth about this badly drawn boy
Oklahoma congressman is a robot body double, claims 'human' challenger
Rubgy player sacked for 'urinating into his own mouth'
Woman charged with arson for setting small fire to kill spider
Neanderthals Ate Their Veggies, Oldest Poop Shows
Republican Congressional candidate claims that opponent is a body double
Woman Shot at Gun Show in Bloomsburg
A doctor's quest to save people by injecting them with scorpion venom
North Korea Fires Two Missiles; Seth Rogen and James Franco Unharmed
The Jehovah's Witnesses Launch Their Campaign to Rule the Earth
Woman Charged with Arson After Lighting Fire to Kill Spider
Felon Agrees To Get Vasectomy In Plea Agreement
Failed congressional candidate says Oklahoma rep was killed years ago, replaced with lookalike
ОБ ЭТОМ ДОЛЖНЫ ЗНАТЬ 99% НАСЕЛЕНИЯ!
District defends kindergartner's sexual misconduct discipline
Pope says communists are closet Christians
Food Truck For Dogs Rolling Into San Francisco In Dog Treat Marketing Tour
Woman burns house down trying to kill spider
Santorum: 'Maybe It Wasn't' Bad That Founders Put Limits on Who Could Vote
Vendor shoots woman at gun show while demonstrating gun use
Wrong Miss Florida crowned in voting mix-up
Teenager suffers rare condition that can make her sick for hours and made her miss her school prom
Police 'smash car window to rescue toy dog'
'Oz'-some flying house starts tales spinning
Electrical Storms Hit Glastonbury. Saves everyone from John Newman
Female Professor Body Slammed By Police After Failing to Show ID on Own Campus
Police break into car to save toy dog from heat
Girl has 12-hour vomit sessions if she gets excited
The Rise of the DIY Abortion in Texas
Texas girl, 12, dies from head injuries after woman made her ride on car roof because of wet swimsuit
Ann Coulter: Soccer Fans Are Leading America Into Moral Decay
Oregon State Police plan a "No Refusal" Weekend to celebrate the Fourth of July - refusing a breathalyzer means a mandatory blood draw
For sale: Small South Dakota town, bar included
Why Google Cardboard is actually a huge boost for virtual reality
Syria TV reports 100-year-old event as breaking news
NJ man sues Benjamin Moore over 'racially offensive' paint names
5 shot and 1 stabbed at unsanctioned pre-BET Awards partys
Woman Sets Home On Fire Trying To Kill Spider With Lighter: Cops
Woman charged with arson says spider was cause
Vendor kicked out of Pennsylvania gun show after he accidentally shoots woman in leg
Mormon crickets on the move once again in Nevada
Lightning Mostly Kills Men Because Men Are Dumb
NSA Collected Data on Millions of Americans Just to Investigate 248 People
Swett, South Dakota is for sale, for $400,000. The whole town.
Teens accused of taking stolen goat to McDonald's
Scientists find proof of god in human genome
Peru now has a 'licence to kill' environmental protesters - Law exempts soldiers and police from criminal responsibility if they cause injuries or deaths
Officer fatally shoots man who pulled out gun after he allegedly shoplifted a burrito.
Facebook experiment manipulates emotions of 600,000 users
India's mission to Mars (MOM) cost less than Hollywood movie Gravity, said Prime Minister Modi.
Police: Teen killed grandmother, drove body around nudist community
Teen accidentally rips off his own finger during a rave, keeps dancing because "bass was hard."
Man stabbed during menage-a-trois after he refused to change positions.
Firearms dealer accidentally shoots woman while demonstrating concealed carry safety
Political Candidate Charges Opponent Is Dead, Represented By A Body Double
Older fathers have less attractive children
Vendor accidentally shoots woman while demonstrating a gun and holster at Pennsylvania gun show, police say
Man stabbed during menage-a-trois after refusing to change positions
Peru now has a 'licence to kill' environmental protesters
Ultra-rich man's letter: "To My Fellow Filthy Rich Americans: The Pitchforks Are Coming"
Car thief steals car with child in it, feels guilty.
Drivers shocked by man riding on back of car.
Metallica question their longevity after Glastonbury: 'One of our songs is equal to eight Rolling Stones songs in terms of intensity'
Metallica: 'Playing one of our songs is equal to eight Rolling Stones songs'
Woman sets home on fire trying to kill spider with lighter
Blackwater Manager 'Threatened to Kill US Government Official' Before Nisour Square Massacre
Porn star Sora Aoi 'disgusted' by Luis Suarez's oral technique
Death metal band to play until they run out of oxygen
In Tokyo, There's a Second-Hand Shop for Booze
Legislation Proposed to Make National Park of Apollo Moon Landing Sites
Ukraine wants its Crimean military dolphins back
Woman tries to kill spider; charged with arson
Canada: Schools axe 'he' and 'she' in favour of 'xe'
Facebook Totally Screwed With a Bunch of People in the Name of Science
Maryland fast-food customer gets a bag of pot with her fries
Justices: Can't make employers cover contraception
'Mickey Mouse' rescued from Irish Sea by RNLI lifeboat crew
Not fake, but 'tarted up'
Mick Jagger on Monty Python reunion: 'A bunch of wrinkly old men trying to relive their youth'
Real bang for your buck - Gun salesman accidentally shoots customer in leg at firearm show
Breast milk is becoming a popular energy drink: Report
How Your Cat Is Making You Crazy
India's mission to Mars 'cheaper than Hollywood hit Gravity'
'We Gave the Americans a Blow Job,' Got Nothing, Says Polish Foreign Minister
AP will use robots to write some business stories
Barclay's stank: 'Angry' man defecates in bank, departs 'smug'
'Angry' man defecates in bank, departs 'smug'
Woman Is Given Free Weed With Meal At Sonic, Inexplicably Complains
In unusual plea deal, Virginia man agrees to a vasectomy
South Korean World Cup Team pelted with candy upon return home from Brazil
Lazy Millennial's Mom Started a Super PAC to Fund His Run For Congress
India's Mars Mission is Cheaper Than The Movie 'Gravity'
Goat stolen from Deanna Rose Children's Farmstead recovered at Olathe McDonald's
Luis Suarez's ban is an act of barbarity which breaches striker's human rights
200 teens trash stranger's home during house party
Woman sets home on fire trying to kill spider
Oracle Octopus Predicts Germany-USA Tie
Luis Suarez's four-month ban is an act of "barbarity" that breaches his human rights...
One of three crewmen killed in jets crash 'feared flying'
Five Kansas teens charged after allegedly taking a stolen goat to McDonald's
Drug lord's rogue hippos taking over Colombia
Waffle House calls for a boycott of Belgian waffles to support U.S. soccer
Scientists Finally Admit There Is a Second, Secret DNA Code Which Controls Genes
U.S. considers dropping bombs in ocean to scare whales from potential oil slicks
NJ woman shares life with cardboard cutout of Bradley Cooper
'Our Mars Mission Cheaper Than The Movie Gravity': PM Modi After PSLV C-23 Launch
Quidditch players are leaving Harry Potter behind as they aim for athletic credibility
Florida Gators Calendar Features Aaron Hernandez For July 2014
You May Have Been A Lab Rat In A Huge Facebook Experiment
NRA: "Stop calling the Santa Barbara mass murderer a 'shooter' or a 'gunman'."
India's mission to Mars costed less than the film 'Gravity'
Study shows students who send explicit texts more likely to be sexually active
Zookeeper who battered ostrich to death with shovel blames killing on innocent pony
Louisiana Republicans blame Obama for Katrina
Pipeline proponents consider explosives in ocean to scare whales from potential oil slicks
Why I put World Of Warcraft on my resume
Death metal band to perform in airtight, soundproof container until they run out of oxygen
Army's Apache under assault: PC police call helicopter's name racist
Rap lyrics used as evidence in criminal cases
'Solar-powered donkeys' carry Internet for Turkish sheepherders
Luis Suarez Apologizes And Promises Never To Bite Anyone Again
Chicago brought its murder rate down (by not counting murders)
Ten KKK Members Rally In Gettysburg: "We Are Taking Back This Land"
Arizona Man Arrested After Mistaking Car For Alien Spaceship
Unicorns' Existence Proven, Says North Korea
Woman Survives Being Run Over By 3 NYC Subway Trains
Zookeeper beats ostrich to death with shovel and blames pony
Zookeeper beats ostrich to death - blames pony
Metal Band To Play In A Box Until They Run Out Of Oxygen
This guy is selling legal aerial fireworks, and the 37mm undermounted grenade launchers that you launch them from.
Writer Doesn't Understand Why Show About Women's Prison Has So Few Men
An abandoned mall in Bangkok has been overtaken by fish
Mick Jagger: Monty Python 'are wrinkly old men trying to relive their youth'
Medical bills prompt more than 60 percent of U.S. bankruptcies
Woman finds wedding ring missing for five years was in her dog
Arsenal and Costa Rica's Campbell bought 100 packets of Panini World Cup stickers... and still couldn't find one of himself!
Woman charged with arson after trying to kill spider
Joel Campbell Buys 100 World Cup Panini Sticker Packs But Can't Find Himself
Arsenal player buys 500 World Cup stickers in hope of finding himself
Black Dog Syndrome: Are people racist against black pets?
Obama Jokes White House Pastry Chef Puts Crack in His Pies
Robert Downey Jr's son arrested on drug charges
Brooklyn man pours gasoline on couch to get 'rid of bedbugs'
Woman Arrested For Calling Her Ex-Boyfriend 77,000 Times
Kansas Woman Sets House on Fire to Kill Spider
KFC Chicken Turns Out To Be Deep-Fried Paper Towel
WOMAN CHARGED WITH ARSON FOR ACCIDENTALLY SETTING HER APARTMENT BUILDING ON FIRE WHILE TRYING TO KILL A SPIDER
Entire Town On Sale For $400,000
Teens who send or receive sexts more likely to be sexually active
Dumb conservative dudes weigh in on Hobby Lobby, remind us they don't know how contraception works
Bon Iver Writes A Tune For Zach Braff
The ocean is swallowing up Virginia so rapidly that its leaders are forgetting to bicker about climate change
LeBron James wants max salary
Pablo Escobar's hippos are wreaking havoc in Colombia
Cat Litter's Role in Radiation Leak Still Unproven
Australian Government Edits Climate Change Out of Environment Website
Fleshlight Made That iPad Case a Reality
Tinder Suspends Co-Founder In Wake Of Sexual Harassment Lawsuit
'Humiliated' Rob Ford apologizes, then pivots to campaign speech
Louis Vuitton Outlet Store Cheap For Sale
Barcelona to include 'no bite' clause in Luis Suarez's $68m contract
NO MORE BITING SUAREZ! BARCELONA OFFER £160,000-A-WEEK + NO BITE CLAUSE CONTRACT FOR LIVERPOOL STAR
Ninety-nine percent of the ocean's plastic is missing
26 Fukuoka schoolgirls fall ill; panic attack suspected
Tajiks tackle divorce rate with naan bread
Man walks into a bank and poos on the floor
Kevin Smith Left The Star Wars Episode 7 Set Crying Today
U.S. Senator Agrees With Supreme Court Decision Because Women Use Birth Control 'Largely For Recreational Behavior'
Man walks calmly into bank and relieves himself on floor several times
Saudi Cleric says online games with opposite sex prohibited
Ku Klux Klan flag erected in east Belfast
Porn shock for Madrid's new electric bike hire system.
Americans Less Satisfied With Freedom
Hibernating frog could help astronauts conquer Mars
Hobby Lobby to female employees: 'You don't matter'
Watch the US soccer game from the office
This Actually Happened: Men's Rights Activists Gathered To Discuss How Women Are Oppressing Them
Michelle Obama: There Is No Crack in White House Pies
Domain Cybersquatter terrorizes San Diego family
People Are Trying To Get Facebook To Ban A 19-Year-Old Cheerleader Who Hunts Endangered Animals
Cow who escaped into Aberdeen Harbour shot dead
Pablo Escobar's Hippos Are Wreaking Havov in Colombia
Why USA fans are relentlessly upbeat
Pablo Escobar's Hippos Are Running Wild In Colombia
Rainbow Fills the Toronto sky in a fitting close to World Pride
USA: Woman Arrested For Calling Her Ex-Boyfriend 77 000 Times in a Week
Media leverage pro review
Formerly Tubby Police Horse Turns Life Around, Chases Down First Suspect
We're all just lab rats in Facebook's laboratory
Grandmother arrested after toddler drinks meth tea
Safe Trader App review Scam Or Work? 2000$ daily... Bonus
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS LITTLE CAESAR'S RIGHT TO FEED CHRISTIAN EMPLOYEES TO LIONS
Manziel tones it down . . . by hanging out with Justin Bieber
Adorable child sings deaf dog to sleep
Meeting w/ Malcolm in the Middle TV star Frankie Muniz. He's a fan of mine. Now I'm a fan of his! May join my posse!
This Science Teacher Claims To Have Lost Over 60 Pounds By Eating Nothing But McDonald's
Man walks into bank and POOS on floor several times with a 'calm but angry' look
Johnny Manziel Parties With Justin Bieber, Cops Called
ISIS In Syria Bans World Cup Except For Themselves
Kendra Wilkinson Threw Wedding Ring in Toilet When She Discovered Hank Baskett's Affair With Transgender Model
KFC Serves Customer a Deep-Fried Blue Towel
Diamond dog returns missing wedding ring
The abandoned New World Mall in Bangkok is now home to Thousands of Fish
In Russia, A Like Or Retweet Can Now Cost You Five Years In Jail
Tinder co-founder hits company with sexual harassment lawsuit
Legal Aid fraud accused seeks legal aid
Albuquerque dad in court for leaving gun with daughter, 11
Deep frozen testicle tissue used to produce babies in mice
Scientists discover killer squirrel from Borneo has the most voluptuous known tail
Waffle House Declares War on Belgium Waffles Before U.S.-Belgium World Cup Match
UK woman claims KFC served son deep fried hand towel
Death metal band to play in air-tight box until they run out of oxygen.
Teacher 'gives a lesson' about the French Revolution to not be lynched
Fox's Watters: Single Women Are "Beyonce Voters" Who "Depend On Government Because They're Not Depending On Their Husbands"
'Biggie' Mitchell, 450-Pound Man, Arrested With Marijuana 'Hidden Under Stomach Fat': Cops
Slimmed-Down Oregon Police Horse Collars Suspect
Police: Man Left Gun With 11-Year-Old While He Got Tattoo
Man Accused of Using Accordion to Smuggle Meth
Wildlife at Belize Resort Pushed by Travolta Could Have Trouble Stayin' Alive
Tofu Ingredient Offers a Taste of Cheaper, Safer Solar Energy
Is this the worst first date ever? Man 'accidentally' buries his date alive.
'Everyone has right to be different': Top 10 takeaways from Putin's foreign policy speech
World Cup: Waffle House launches anti-Belgian waffle campaign ahead of USMNT-Belgium match | SIDELINE
Pentagon Finally Decides to Dig Up Remains of Long Lost Soldier
POLICE CHARGE PA. MAN FOUND DRIBBLING ALONG I-78
It Is Now Confirmed That the NSA Has Permission to Spy on Your Dog
Solar powered donkeys carry the internet to sheep herders.
if moona lisa alive today
Tony Romo has given up golf to save his back
Crimea set to swap Big Macs for 'Rusburgers'
Dad Charged With Child Endangerment After Son Skips Church To Go Play
One armed German man fined for having only one handbrake on his bicycle.
Judge Judy Finally Hears Case Involving Grindr
'Kim-Jong Sexy Beast': world's longest name?
Truth flushed out: 'Crashed drone' near Seoul is portable toilet door
Police: Pa. man arrested for stealing ten cents
Cuba sells 50 cars (yes, 50) in first six months of year.
VA offers appointment to Vietnam vet 2 years after he dies
VA Offers Doctor's Appointment to Vietnam Vet Who Died Two Years Ago
American Student gets stuck in vagina
Metro Koi: Thousands of Fish Occupy Abandoned Bangkok Mall
What You Need to Know About the Coming Jellyfish Apocalypse
North Korea has reportedly banned Choco Pies
ISIS Member Says They Will Destroy The Kaaba In Mecca, 'Kill Those Who Worship Stones'
Snakes Worth $30,000 S-s-s-swiped From Store
Virginia high schooler threatens suicide, police arrive and kill him
Storm trooper prompts lockdown at Kansas business
Visiting the 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Set Reduces Adult Man to Tears
Robin Thicke assaulted by Twitter users who knew he wanted it
Small South Dakota Town for Sale, Bar Included
Dirty protest man poos on Barclays bank floor
Rapper who cut off his penis says he now wants to appear in porn
Death metal band to play in airtight cube until they run out of oxygen
99% of the plastic we throw in the ocean has mysteriously disappeared
African leaders vote to give themselves immunity from war crimes
Australian football player toilet photographer says 'the urine actually never went into his mouth'
Cowboys trade for Ravens' retired linebacker Rolando McClain
When Your Alarm Clock Doesn't go off
All of the teams that banned sex at the World Cup have been eliminated
The Kind of Grocery Bag Safeway Offers White People is not the Same Kind That They Offer to Black People
Man says apartment complex called his US flag a 'threat to Muslim community'
Rapper who cut off his own penis now wants to do porn.
Anti-piracy music industry site hacked, turned into Pirate Bay proxy
In a legal first, a man who posted a message on his ex-girlfriend's Facebook page is fined $2,000 for criminal damage.
Rapper Who Dismembered Himself Says Penis is Reattached, Wants to Do Porn
No joke: Driver sues IMPD officers over her bumper sticker
Death band playing in airtight box until they run out of oxygen.
Mom Finds Surprising Breastfeeding Ally In Teen Barista At Starbucks
Nintendo Spent Millions Protecting Masahiro Sakurai From Assassination Attempts by Pro Smash Players
LA Schools Realize Giving Every Kid an iPad Was a Costly Disaster, Will Give Every Kid a Laptop Instead
Canadians slowly but surely dropping the famous 'eh' from their speech, linguist says
Blow to Bigfoot? Study analyzes hairs, finds they mostly belong to bears
IRS rejects Non-Profit Status For Open Source Organization, Because Private Companies Might Use The Software
Death Metal Band To Play In Sealed, Soundproof Box Until Oxygen Runs Out
Supreme Court Rules JCPenney Allowed to Sacrifice Employees to Appease Cthulhu
There Was Just a Historic Ruling for People Who Yell About Howard Stern's Penis
Viral 'Hot' Felon Gets $30k Modeling Contract and a Talent Agent from Jail
/r/nottheonion enters TOP 40 subreddits
winter dress 2014 spring new korean women's long sleeve bottoming flounced skirt embroidered piece fitted
Kansas forms plan to keep water flowing for next 50 years
Girls line up to date fake 'Prince Harry'
Fan Stuck by Lightning at Country Fest, Stays for Carrie Underwood
Test post, plz ignore (checking automod)
Wash. woman drowns trying to save her dog; dog OK
Police Arrest Paraplegic Man for Considering Himself a Pedestrian
Report: Drunk Man Fucked Picnic Table After Fucking ATM
Echosmith's "Cool Kids" Chorus Gets Mistaken For A Baked Good
Im so confussed at how this works
Someone changed Wikipedia entry for U.S. Secretary of Defense to 'Tim Howard'
Slightly stoned insects make love
Dramatic car-clinging video on I-77 in Charlotte remains a mystery | Region
SPIDER-MAN STATUE IN SOUTH KOREA GETS REMOVED FOR HAVING AN ERECTION
Teen shot by Purcellville officer was depressed; friend had called for help
Tinder sued for sexual harassment and discrimination
7 commentssharesavehidereport • Police get called on suicidal teenager cutting himself: kill him
Police get called on suicidal teenager cutting himself: kill him
Guy Wearing Breaking Bad Shirt Busted for Meth Lab
Like frozen burgers, 'Bigfoot' DNA samples include surprise horse
Christian Anti-Masturbation Group's Mascot Arrested For Public Masturbation.
'Hot Mug Shot' Felon Signs With Agent For Modeling Contracts
Surgeon caught taking bribe on 'Doctors' Day' (x-post r/india)
Man Puts On Pants in Less Than 30 Seconds With No Hands
Two men detained by police after uttering the word "******"
Surgeon caught taking bribe on 'Doctors' Day'
Two men detained by police after uttering the word "Nickelback"
An entire island nation is preparing to evacuate to Fiji before they sink into the Pacific
Six elderly Chinese commit suicide to dodge coffin burial ban Read more: http://www.thenational.ae/world/east-asia/six-elderly-chinese-commit-suicide-to-dodge-coffin-burial-ban#ixzz36IbL4j6w Follow us: @TheNationalUAE on Twitter | thenational.ae on Facebook
How Nazis' ideal baby turned out to be Jewish
Six elderly Chinese commit suicide to dodge coffin burial ban.
sua chua dieu hoa
How To change YouTube Channel URL Easily
Territorians fight grass fire with their thongs on Territory Day cracker night
Black Canyon City man accused of a cruelty to rats
Sharks Wary of Drunk Serbs
French police 'lose' explosives at Marseille airport
Americans Boycott Belgian Waffles to Honor Team USA in World Cup
Woman Burned After Laptop Explodes Inside Home | NBC 5 Dallas-Fort Worth
Woman Burned After Laptop Explodes Inside Home
Police who hid explosives in French airport in sniffer-dog training exercise forgot to write down where they hid explosives, now cannot find them.
Drunk driver's 'f***ing leave me alone you cop c***s' receives poor reception from police after he is pulled over in mum's car
Brazilian Prostitutes Prepare For World Cup 2014
Seniors learn "parkour," sport of daredevil youths
Bikinis to blame for sex crimes on Goa's beaches, says minister
Adolf Hitler: Billionaire tax-dodger?
Monsanto warns of dangers of a world without honey bees.
Nazi 'perfect Aryan' poster child was Jewish (The Telegraph).
Hot Mugshot Guy Earns $30K Modeling Contract, Will Wear Tom Ford To Court
Aussie Rugby League player sacked after snap of him peeing into his own mouth goes viral.
German police apologise for fining one-armed cyclist for riding his bike with only one arm
Hans up! One-armed German pulled over by police because he was riding his bicycle one-handed
A New App Called Moment Shows You How Addicted You Are To Your iPhone
DIY plastic surgery leads to horrific injuries
Gary Johnson, Ex-Libertarian Presidential Candidate, To Become CEO Of Marijuana Company
Claude Giroux arrested for "repeatedly grabbing the buttocks of a male police officer"
FEMA: Basements not allowed in future Pilger homes
French postal service reports cello bow lost and then has the item auctioned
Former Gov. Gary Johnson Goes Into the Marijuana Business
Orange Is the New Black's Irresponsible Portrayal of Men
French Police 'Lose' Explosives at Airport.
Utah police: woman said meth was a birthday gift
Finally - A Way To Have Sex With Your iPad!
One-armed cyclist fined for riding his bike using only one arm
Boynton Man Argues With Girlfriend Over Women's Rights, Punches Her Rabbit, Police Say
Newest online craze called bubbling sees teens urinating in their own mouth
German police apologize to a one-armed man in Cologne after fining him €25 for only having one hand brake on his bicycle
Burger King introduces gay Whopper
City Council unanimously OKs liquor license for shooting range
Willie Nelson Receiving 5th Degree Black Belt in Korean Martial Arts
Winner of Nazi 1935 'most beautiful Aryan baby' contest revealed to be Jewish
Two Guys With Guns Have Showdown On First Day Of Georgia's New 'Guns Everywhere' Law
Hessy Taft: 'Perfect Aryan baby' of Nazi propaganda was actually Jewish
Williamsburg Luxury Tenants Striking Over Lack Of Luxury
Klingenschmitt: Jesus Will Overrule The Supreme Court And Toss Gays Into Hell - See more at: http://www.rightwingwatch.org/content/klingenschmitt-jesus-will-overrule-supreme-court-and-toss-gays-hell#sthash.fWXmkYKb.dpuf
"Do It Yourself" plastic surgery leads to horrific injuries for woman seeking butt-enhancement
New York City Arrests Subway Dancers
Russian Bears sniffing Jet Fuel, getting high and passing out
'Cannibal cop' released into custody of his mother after conviction overturned in stunning reversal
Senior citizens are learning daredevil sport 'parkour'
Big demand for autism free school
Using drugs to treat alcohol addiction
A Sketchy Florida Sheriff Says Child Molesters Have Been Working at Disney World
16 years old unmade bed sold for $4m
One armed German man fined for having only one handbrake on his bicycle [X-Post from germany]
Police: Lancaster County man assaults another for "refusing to party with him"
Aaron Hernandez, facing murder charges, featured in school calendar
Snakes Taking Over Illinois Town (Video)
Russian Bears Are Getting Stoned Off Of Jet Fuel And Passing Out
Teacher disciplined because her students' scores are too high
Report: Claude Giroux Arrested After 'Grabbing The Buttocks' Of Cop
Man Arrested After Flashing Breast Implants In Walmart
Nazi Germany's "Perfect Aryan" Baby Was Jewish
German one-armed cyclist fined for missing handbrake
Fraternity members damage own house
Vatican gives official backing to exorcists
Roman Polanski will film his next movie in Poland if they don't extradite him to the U.S.
On Civil Rights Act's Anniversary, Liberal States Have Most Segregated Schools
One-armed cyclist fined for cycling with one hand
Kim Jong-Un bans workers from being paid with Choco Pies
Fat Camps Offer Pudgy Pets 'Pawlates' To Slim Down
Israel drops anti-Hamas lollipops in the West Bank
Hearthstone tournament explains why women aren't allowed to play
Lindsey Lohan sues Grand Theft Auto creators.
Police: Vandal doesn't like air conditioners
Nazis' "perfect Aryan" poster baby was Jewish
Newfound Wasp Literally Has Skeletons in Its Closet
BURGER KING CELEBRATES SODOMY WITH THE PROUD WHOPPER
'Internet Trolling' among tactics used by US State Dept against ISIS
Russia Vetoes House of Cards
Supreme Court Upholds Little Caeser's Right to Feed Christian Employees to Lions
Lindsay Lohan Sues Rockstar Games Over Her Likeness In GTA V
Nazi's 'Perfect Aryan' Baby, Hessy Taft, Was Actually Jewish
Man 'bends car door' of burning vehicle to save driver
Man dressed as Star Wars Stormtrooper prompts lock down in Kansas
At Colorado burger joint, waitresses pack heat.
Costumed 'Star Wars' stormtrooper sends Kansas business into lockdown mode
Man figures out way to always win at Russian roulette, shoots himself in head
Lindsay Lohan sues over awful Grand Theft Auto character she says is clearly based on her
One-armed German pulled over by police because he was riding his bicycle one-handed
Bigfoot hair samples mostly from bears, wolves
First day of 'guns everywhere' law in GA sparks convenience store showdown
OH, BOTHER: This Bear Cub Got His Head Caught in the Cookie Jar
Dirty unmade bed fetches $4 million at Christie's art auction
Pit Bull Returned To High Kill Shelter For Farting Too Much Gets A Second Chance
10-Year-Old Icelandic Girl Denied A Passport Because Her Name Is 'Harriet'
Man With 10 Inch Manhood Gets Penis Enlargement
Icelandic girls can't be called Harriet, government tells family
Paddy Kenny's number up at Leeds over owner's dislike of his birth date
Two Men Arrested By Police For Saying 'Nickelback' In Public
Girl With 3 Legs to Have 2 Removed
Lindsey Lohan is Suing the Makers of Grand Theft Auto V
US Secretary of Defense called US goalkeeper Tim Howard to thank him for defending United States at World Cup
GM recalls its own recall
Guy Wearing Over 50 Festival Wristbands Loses Arm In strange Occupational Accident
Dracut [MA] postpones fireworks to Aug. 28
Lindsay Lohan Filing 'GTA 5' Lawsuit Against Rockstar Games For Alleged Character Likeness
Brooklyn artist rents out human cage for $1 a night
Goldman Sachs is suing Google to un-send an accidental email
'Handsome' felon's mugshot scores agent, possible modeling contracts
Girl Born with 3 Legs to Have 2 Removed
Philadelphia Flyers star Claude Giroux arrested in Ottawa
Rangers Say Hazing Of Aggressive Mountain Goats Is Working
Rob Ford: I've used nearly all drugs, says Toronto mayor
World Cup drunkenness shocks FIFA official
Man Detained By Cops For Saying The Word NICKELBACK In Public
Secretary of Defense Calls Tim Howard to Thank Him
Man beaten with bird feeder for 'refusing to party'
Jurgen Klinsmann says United States now in position to win World Cup
Man Stole Because He Wanted to Be Arrested
Rihanna found Naked with Chris Brown...?
Irish court ruling says defacing Facebook and physical property are the same thing
The Real Secretary of Defense Called Tim Howard to Thank Him
Artist Tracey Emin whoops as her "My Bed" fetches over $4 million
Perry Criticized for Not Wearing Cowboy Boots
Facebook Is Under Investigation For Mood Manipulation Study (x-post from worldnews
Michelle Obama denies crack in White House pies
Target takes stance against guns and asks shoppers to leave firearms at home.
When Is Health Insurance Too Affordable?
Massimo Cellino axes Paddy Kenny from Leeds over date of birth
One-armed cyclist fined for riding bike with one arm
VA offers doctor's appointment to man who died two years ago.
Hot Trend Alert: Celebrities Flaunt 'Pelvage' on the Red Carpet
Finally: Burger King's Whopper comes out as gay
Artist Emin's messy bed sells for $4.4 million
Man Leaves Daughter Home With Loaded Gun To Get Head Tattoo
Berkeley Requires Marijuana Dispensaries To Provide Free Weed For Low-Income Patients
Punk As Fuck Scientist Ejected From Concert For Crowdsurfing to Handel
Adopted Dog Returned to Animal Shelter for Farting Too Much
Custom Built Occulus Rift & GoPro Rig Lets You Experience Life in the Third Person
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford on Substance Use: 'You Name It, I've Abused It'
LPT: Pesky kids always dying in your car?
Photo Of 'Perfect' Aryan Child Used In Nazi Propaganda Was A Jewish Baby
Band To Play In Iron Box Until They Suffocate
Author To Chobani: I Own The Word 'How'
Pope Francis approves the revival of exorcism as a canon Catholic practice
You may be smart if you 'like' Mozart and curly fries on Facebook
Confused Irish Couples Report They've Been Having 'Same Sex' In Their Marriage For Years
Fox News rips off BioShock Infinite logo, irony ensues
Misty The Farting Pit Bull Was Returned To A High Kill Shelter Because She Farted Too Much
Michelle Obama Confirms: There is No Crack in White House Pies
Goldman Sachs demands Google unsend one of its e-mails
Claude Giroux Arrested In Ottawa For Repeatedly Grabbing Male Cop's Butt
Miley Cyrus shows her breasts without any censorship
Russian Phone Prankster Fools Belarus Dictator
Ocean Plastic Mysteriously Disappears From Oceans
Flyers captain Claude Giroux reportedly arrested in Ottawa for groping cop
Japan cracks down on cute mascots
Hearthstone Tournament Bans Women So They Can Become 'A Legitimate Spo... Super Smash Bros. Reimagined As A Wrestling Game Is The Best Super Sma... Misty The Farting Pit Bull Was Returned To A High Kill Shelter Because She Farted Too Much
Egyptian official denies torture, says prison is like a hotel
5-year-old slapped with sexual misconduct after dropping pants in playground
Kindergartner Accused Of 'Sexual Misconduct' For Pulling Pants Down
Hot mugshot guy scores modelling contract
People stripped of benefits could be charged for challenging decision
22-year-old who suffers from fish-odour-syndrome says there are worse things in life than being smelly
Hot Girl want to chat
Dog digs up human skull, machetes, 'creepy' doll head in backyard
One-Armed Cyclist Fined For Having Just One Handbrake
Man With Only One Arm Fined for Riding His Bike With Only One Brake
Burger King sells gay pride Whopper
George Osborne dodges child's question on eight times table
The UK's Chancellor of the Exchequer dodges a simple maths question posed by a seven-year-old boy on live TV and professes his love for Pharrell Williams instead
Stuck in traffic this weekend? Blame Congress
New Mexico's Former Governor Is Now Selling Pot
Chinese Government Asks For Advance Look at New 'House of Cards' Script - China Real Time Report
Nintendo Investor: 'I do not understand video games'
Pori Jazz festival bans baby milk
Goldman Sachs asks judge to force Google to unsend an email
Tiger suffers 'stress attack' after drunken man enters its cage at Kiev Zoo
Hundreds queue to see smelly 'Titan's Penis' flower
'Things Tim Howard Could Save' Meme Saves the Internet
Tiger in Kiev Zoo Suffers Stress Attack After Man Hugs Him
Claude Giroux arrested for grabbing a cop's butt
Lawyer to sue Alex Rodriguez over unpaid legal fees
Lindsay Lohan sues Rockstar for making a Grand Theft Auto character like her
Paddy Kenny Axed By Leeds Owner Massimo Cellino Over Date Of Birth
'Fine felon' lands modeling contract while still in jail
Paddy Kenny excluded from Leeds United first team because owner Massimo Cellino does not like number 17
Waitresses All Pack Heat At 'Shooters Grill' In Rifle, Colo.
IRS fines unbanked legal Colorado pot shops for paying federal payroll tax in cash even though federal banking law makes it impossible to comply -- IRS suggests money laundering
Alien Abductees Over the Moon To Find a Close-Encounter Group
Armed waitresses on menu in Rifle restaurant
'Selfie' leads to student's death
India finance minister UFO Facebook post angers "common men"
Shoe trick will prevent child deaths in hot cars
Russia vetoes US show House of Cards filming at UN
Facebook Rape - 'Frape' - Is Now A Crime That Could Get You 10 Years In Prison, In Ireland
Fox News steals Bioshock Infinite logo for segment on keeping America free from foreigners
Call of Duty: Ghosts tires of half-baked DLC, gets fully baked with cannabis-themed pack
The Hard Data on UFO Sightings: It's Mostly Drunk People in the West
True American cooks bacon with machine gun
Top FIFA Official "Amazed" by How Wasted World Cup Fans Are Getting
'Ideal Aryan baby' on cover of Nazi magazine revealed to be Jewish
Man flashes stall owner to pay for coffee
Indian politician in rape threat to rivals
Man Accused Of Steals 32 Tons of Bacon
CBS Thinks EDM is a Type of Molly
Death Metal Band to Play in Soundproof Iron Box Until They Suffocate
Man Steals 32 Tons of Bacon
Controversial US scientist creates deadly new flu strain for pandemic research
Google's Street View Cameras Are Touring Museums and Taking Weird Selfies
There Was Just a Historic Legal Ruling for People Who Yell About Howard Stern's Penis
You had one job - Nandos runs out of chicken
Man with spatula fights swordsman for Walmart card
Teen Shannon Maureen Conley arrested by FBI for trying to join ISIS lover she met online (ex-post from r/news)
Jeremy Meeks offered $100,000 porn contract
NYPD: Robbers Used Gun To Take $8 From Victim
Penis Size: Meet The Man Who Had Penoplasty Surgery To Make His 10-Inch Manhood Even Bigger
Two men detained by police for uttering the word 'Nickelback'
Nazi's 'Perfect Aryan' Contest Winner Revealed to Be Jewish (Video)
'I wanted a monster' - man with a 10-inch penis gets a penoplasty enlargement
Chinese motorist with no arms is banned from driving
Robot Responds to Natural Language Instructions, Brings You Fancy Ice Cream
Purling In Anger: Arrest Breaks Up 'Knit-In' At Vermont Utility
Man finally gets VA appointment -- 2 years after his death
Torah too R-rated for some Hasidim, so they edited it
People Prefer Electric Shocks to Being Alone With Their Thoughts
Morph comeback cut short following his decapitation on BBC Breakfast
Soccer player gets hit in the 'family jewels' during training
US Teen Allegedly Falls in Love Online, Tries to Join ISIS Fighters in Syria
George Osborne stalls over 7x8 times table question from a seven-year-old
Bride Sues Hotel After "Depraved" Guest Ruins Wedding With His Balls
Kansas' open carry laws do not extend to Stormtroopers, apparently
Gay Christian conservative employee sues gay bar for sexual, religious harassment
Complete Penile Amputation During Ritual Neonatal Circumcision and Successful Replantation Using Postoperative Leech Therapy.
Governor of N.C. warns residents not to wear "stupid hats" as Hurricane Arthur approaches
Most men would rather shock themselves than be alone with their thoughts
Paul Bernardo intends to marry 30-year-old Ontario woman who thinks notorious sex killer is innocent
Chinese Government Asks For Advance Look at New 'House of Cards' Script
Tyler Perry Wins "What Would Jesus Do" Trademark Battle.
I can't really even be surprised. T-town always delivers
Vet dies at VA Hospital while waiting for ambulance
Should Black Americans Celebrate Independence Day? [VIDEO]
University offers female students extra credit for not shaving their armpits
Detective: Women in suitcases died during rough sex
Toronto Sun reports that Paul Bernardo, notorious Canadian serial killer, is to be married in prison to young educated woman.
Kentucky Republican: Climate change unproven because 'temperature on Mars is exactly as it is here'
Squirrel cuts power to an entire county
Ukrainian Astronomers Named a Star 'Putin Is a Dickhead'
Veteran dies waiting for ambulance in VA hospital
Rugby Team Cuts Player For Photo Of Him Pissing Into His Own Mouth
Protest At Prison-Themed Pride Party Turns Violent, Unruly Activists Charged With Felony Assault
SC Restaurant Owner Refuses To Serve Blacks, Cites Religious Beliefs
Protest against "Prison of Love" Armory party leads to arrests
Headbanging's risks include rare brain injury
Tyler Perry trademarks 'What Would Jesus Do?'
How MacArthur Would Have Handled Jihad.
GM's Recall Catastrophe Has Reached New Lows After It's Recalled A Recall
Man is Declared Mentally Ill, Locked Up for Calling Himself an Atheist
"It's the right thing to do." Free pot for low income and homeless people. I support this, but I can't help but laugh.
Father exchanged nude photos online as 22-month-old son died in hot car
Nazi's 'Perfect Aryan' contest winner revealed to be Jewish
Yuppie HOA in Denver, Colorado asks neighborhood United Methodist Church to "kindly" stop feeding icky poor and homeless people.
In David OReilly's Video Game You Don't Fight Anything. You're Just a Mountain
Motörhead fan's vigorous headbanging leaves him with blood clot on the brain
Study: Muslims hate terrorism too.
Dutch Court Finally Rules Racist "Black Pete" Character Is Racist
NSA: Linux Journal is an "extremist forum" and its readers get flagged for extra surveillance
Obama Celebrates Independence Day by Murdering Bald Eagles
Sensitive Soul Chris Martin Only Eats Animals He Senses He Could Murder
HP's fanless Chromebox has a noisy fan inside
Girl dies after falling from stairs while taking selfie
Sheriff: Drunk man says dog drove him to the store
Fireworks retailer sees boost in business ahead of 4th of July weekend
Airbus: Pilots don't really need windows
Motorhead fan's brain bleeds from headbanging
Brazilian kid named after so many French players he can't remember own name.
Harvard Business School gets Sassy
Lawsuit Claims Katy Perry's 'Dark Horse' Borrows From Christian Rap Song
Motorhead fan's brain bleeds after headbanging at concert
CA mayor who inspired anti-immigrant protests is angry at being 'stereotyped' by video clips
Nazis' 'Perfect Aryan' Child Was Jewish
What did $7 billion spent on opium eradication in Afghanistan buy? More opium.
Girl dies after falling off stairs while taking selfie-police
Homeowner: Stripper Tenant Has Shadow Hills Family Living in Fear
Illinois Clergy Protest SCOTUS Ruling By Giving Out Condoms At Hobby Lobby
British girl filmed performing a sex act on 24 men in two minutes at Magaluf bar was 'told she would win a "holiday"... but it was just the name of a £4 cocktail'
Feral cat terrorises pensioners for two days in their own home
Astronomers in Ukraine Named a Star "Putin is a Dickhead"
China military bases threatened by luxury villas, fake tourists
Rescue helicopter finds Jedward stranded on sandbank
Death Metal band to play in sealed metal box until they pass out from lack of oxygen.
KGoal: introducing the fitness tracker for your vagina
American Apparel sorry for using Challenger disaster photo
Religious groups want exemption from hiring LGBT after Hobby Lobby ruling
Katy Perry Sued Over Plagiarism of Christian Rap Song
Ironic: Bacon preservative can kill feral hogs
Scientists Discover People Would Rather Shock Themselves Than Be Alone With Their Thoughts
EA Charging $4.99 for Demos on Xbox One
Man Unsatisfied With His 10 Inch Penis So He Bought More Penis [NSFW]
'I think the baby is in my pant leg' - Idaho woman gives birth while driving
'Steve Jobs took our jobs': Finnish PM
Dad Gets Brain Injury From Headbanging to Motörhead
Lake Michigan named best beach in America
Transgender moral police to clap down prices
A disabled boy meandered into an untamed horse's pen and something remarkable happened
American Apparel Apologizes for Using Challenger Disaster Photo Instead of Fireworks
Man loses job over rescuing a cat
Eerie messages or elaborate hoax? Dead girlfriend communicates with Reddit user via Facebook
We called it Shooters and started throwing guns and Jesus all over the place.
Female students at Arizona University offered extra credit for not shaving armpits
BBC staff told to stop inviting cranks on to science programmes
American Dissatisfaction With Everything Is Reaching Historic Levels
Drunk man tells police his dog drove him to the store.
460 TONS OF DATES BLOCKED OR CONFISCATED BY YEMENI GOVERNMENT
SF parking citation officer 'going rogue' with unwarranted tickets, neighbors say
Powdered Alcohol That You Can Snort, Coming To The UK
Researchers Say George Washington's Teeth Were Yanked From The Mouths Of Slaves
Guy's Kickstarter dream: Making potato salad (with dill even)
Even International Quidditch Has a Concussion Problem
Notorious killer Paul Bernardo reportedly set to marry Ontario woman
'It is a full out jihad against us right now': Doug Ford
Woman who gave oral sex to 24 Spanish clubgoers thought she could win a holiday: report
Man's scrotum balloons to 100 pounds
BMW 3D prints new thumbs for factory workers
63% Of Americans Think Belgium Is A Beer Company
Man Who Took Poverty Vow Wins $259.8M Powerball Jackpot
Republican accuses opponent of being a robot
FBI investigating threats against 'furries' in town for convention
Jihadist leader in Syria addresses militants with Hello Kitty notebook
David Cunliffe: I'm sorry for being a man
WA paediatrician who recommended beatings for twin boys suffering ADHD found guilty of misconduct
Doctors Are Examining Your Genitals for No Reason
Georgia Father Was Sexting While His Son Died in Hot Car
Prince Andrew and Will.i.am join forces to train young tech entrepreneurs
African Leaders' Vote that African Leaders should not be tried for War Crimes, Genocide, and Mass Killings
African Leaders vote to prevent African Leaders from being tried for Genocide, War Crimes, and Mass Murders
Leech-infested lake re-opens at NY state park
Family accidentally recycles VCR with $6,000 stashed inside
JC Student Jumped To His Death Because of Small Penis
Doug Ford Accuses Autistic Child's Dad Of Being Part Of 'Jihad'
Israeli Police Falsely Report Murdered Palestinian Boy Was Gay to Cover Up Death as Honor Killing
Shooters in Rifle serves a big helping of Second Amendment
Man Wins Hot Dog Eating Contest, Proposes to Girlfriend, Is a Great American
The NSA thinks Linux Journal is an "extremist forum"?
Duke Porn Star Is Libertarian Group Campus Coordinator And Really Sad About Sex Worker Hierarchy
Young Pianist Sees Rival Perform For First Time- Declares "It Wasn't That Good."
Golden Gate suicide jumpers realize they're wrong the instant they jump. Realize everything is fixable, except jumping.
Woman claims to have been contacted by dead grandmother - via selfie
Shocking! Belarusian President Speaks Belarusian
Earth-like planets Gliese 581 g and d likely don't exist, study says
Bad news for vegetarians! Plants can 'hear' themselves being eaten - and become defensive when attacked
Police issue warning that sectarian behaviour will not be tolerated as Orange Order parade takes place in Glasgow
By 2045 'The Top Species Will No Longer Be Humans,' And That Could Be A Problem
People prefer electric shocks to time alone with thoughts
'We'll take back Spain': Fighters claim ISIS to seize 'occupied lands'
Japan's Booming Sex Niche: Elder Porn
Homeless Man Under House Arrest In Italy Serves His Sentence On The Sidewalk
Madonna wears traditional Muslim niqab veil because it's been 'that kind of day'
Powderhorn Park oratory draws Minneapolis left
Dubai To Build The World's Largest Mall....Announcing It As "Mall of the World".
Cow is rescued from drain by firefighters in China
Sunbather mistaken for unconscious person, police to scene
Naked Man at Virginia Bar Flees, Crashes Into Cars
Accused killer escapes after deputy takes inmates outside to watch fireworks.
Shooters Grill in Rifle, Colorado has armed waitresses, serves M16 burritos
Kanye West showered with boos following 20-minute rant in London about Nike, Gucci, Louis Vuitton and changing the world
leaves shoe at scene of robbery - then returns to ask for it back
New logo of Fox News segment bears an uncanny resemblance to the Bioshock Infinite logo
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall
12-Foot Python Trapped In Barbecue Grill By Florida Residents
Potato salad Kickstarter reaches goal, promises better mayonnaise
Mobile Snatcher turned out to be Illegal Trafficker of Exotic Animals.
Author Dov Seidman sues Chobani for 'how' marketing ads that allegedly were taken from his book
Conservatives Are Purposely Making Their Cars Spew Black Smoke To Protest Obama And Environmentalists
Tyler Perry now owns the trademark for "What Would Jesus Do"
Flood becomes tourism attraction
Denver Police Capture Fireworks Dealer in an Undercover Sting
Police Patrol For Illegal Fireworks After Major Bust in Denver
Homeless Italian man sentenced to house arrest on the sidewalk
We shouldn't expect Facebook to behave ethically
Lion-hunting cheerleader shoots back: I'm a conservationist
New Zealand Maori Kings Son Let Off Of Criminal Charges "There's only two sons and in my view it's important that the king at the appropriate time has the widest possible choice of a successor and it's important for Mr Paki, as one of those two sons, to have the potential to be a successor in time."
Syrian rebel leader gives speech to Islamist militants with Hello Kitty notebook
SAS man and elite bodyguard reveals how he stabbed himself in the eye in his sleep
Does Pro Testosterone Work
Lindsay Lohan sues makers of GTA V over look-alike complaints
US military turns to Hollywood to outfit elite troops
The Hidden Identity of This Nazi Poster Child Would Have Stunned Hitler
Nicki Minaj's mother credited the instilling of Christian values in her daughter as the impetus for Minaj's success.
Men would rather give themselves electric shocks than sit quietly
Pirate Bay Founder Requests Move to Vegan Prison
Meet The FitBit For Your Lady Parts That Uses Vibration As A Reward
Eleven dead in Poland parachute club plane crash
Students of Women and Gender Studies at ASU get credit for not shaving
Man takes hairloss pill Propecia to appear more attractive to women, penis shrinks.
Guantanamo detainees demand same religious rights as US craft store chain
Woman receives selfie from dead grandma
Saudi man divorces bride on wedding night
Homeless man placed under house arrest
Chile releases official study on UFO photos
Watch: Bungling crook Lewis Riley leaves shoe at scene of robbery - then returns to ask for it back
Super PAC to Get Rid of Super PACs Raises $5M
Robbers attack PA gun collectors home, leave with 31 guns
Nostalgic GOP Pines After Bush With 'I Miss W.' T-Shirts
Ronda Rousey Cements Her Place as Most Terrifying Woman on Earth
No Plans to Rename Star Called Putin Is a Dickhead
Georgia man says dog drove him to the store to buy some corn
Ohio Man Raises $2,300 on Kickstarter to Make Potato Salad
US Conservatives Are Purposely Making Their Cars Spew Black Smoke To Protest Obama And Environmentalists
Gingers could become extinct due to increasingly sunny skies in Scotland, say experts
'Illegal Immigrant' Is The Same As The N-Word, Notes Liberal Columnist Sally Kohn
Syrian militant leader preaches jihad with 'Hello Kitty notepad'
Police sorry for fining one-armed bike rider
Priest convicted of stabbing and strangling nun to get funeral mass
British doctors warned not to call the obese 'obese'
Kanye West compares paparazzi attention to rape
'World's most dangerous' theme park that killed six people reopens after YouTube tribute goes viral
Three Boeing 737 Fuselages Fell Into A River, And They Have No Idea How To Get Them Out.
Humpty Dumpty takes a great fall at Enchanted Forest
Biggest Boobs in Britain Woman Can't Clap
US Government Spied On German Parliamentary Investigation Into US Government Spying On Germans
Ukraine's combat dolphins: they'd like Russia to give them back
#Macon30 Achieves Goal of Murder Free Month
Camera found in a wall-mounted coat hook.
There's a WhiteHouse.gov petition to re-name Ronald Reagan Airport after Tim Howard
For Once, The U.S., Russia And Iran Actually Agree On Something
Zookeepers in Brazil build wheelchair for paraplegic porcupine.
Cop stops driver; issues gift card (picture)
Atlanta biology teacher: Evolution from Satan and the cause of racism, divorce, gay people
Atlanta HS Teacher: Creationism is 'Christ' and Evolution is 'Satan, Gays, Racism, Divorce...'
Drunk Georgia Man Claims Dog Drove, Deputies Say
James Wertz Punched Rabbit During Fight About Women's Rights
James Wertz: Boynton Beach man faces animal cruelty charge for punching, choking rabbit, police say
Truck Owners Modify Their Trucks To Produce Highly Toxic Black Smoke To Protest Environmentalists
Arizona Professor Offers Extra Credit To Female Students Who Stop Shaving Their Armpits
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall at Enchanted Forest
Crimea euphoria fades for some Russians
Tornado photobombs wedding shot
Republican Scandal "Dies" As Clinton Reveals University Speaking Fees Donated to the Clinton Foundation
Republican Scandal Dies As Hillary Clinton Reveals University Speaking Fees Donated to Charity
MLS Player Takes Selfie After Scoring Goal, Promptly Receives Yellow Card
Candy Crush Addict Steals Almost $2,000 from Ailing Mother to Feed Gaming Habit
Waffle House calls for Belgian waffle boycott in support of U.S. soccer
Scott Disick hosts the 'largest indoor pool party' in New Jersey
Google makes sure its founders will survive a Terminator assault
Barack Obama locked out of the White House
Sony recruits sheep to film the Tour de France
Social news site on mobile increases false taps by putting most useful button right next to most useless one
Students dig tunnel under school fence using cutlery stolen from the dining hall
Taiwanese man, 54, gets Lego-style flat top haircut to impress 23-year-old woman
Four librarians gagged and threatened with prison time under the Patriot Act
Miley Cyrus Gets Tattoo In Memory Of Dead Dog
While You Weren't Looking, Congress Changed the Disclosure Rules On Travel. To Their Benefit.
Vehicle modification to make vehicles less fuel efficient and emit more pollution
Anti-environmentalists make vehicle modifications to make them less fuel efficient and increase pollution
Report: NSA compiling baby photos, medical records and resumes of citizens
The 'perfect Aryan' child used in Nazi propaganda was actually Jewish
DOTA Trash Talking Leads To Same Sex Romance Between Two Pinoy Guys
Kanye West booed on Wireless stage for SECOND time as fans shout: "We want Drake"
Kanye West booed at concert following 20-minute rant
Brazilian voodoo priest to curse Germany
Brazil Has Faked The Most Injuries At The 2014 World Cup
Netflix is looking to pay someone to watch Netflix all day
Woman posed as doctor to carry out medicals on men
North Korea dispatching famed 'army of beauties' to Asian Games in bid to ease tensions with South
GOP hawks T-shirts for those who miss George W. Bush
University of Victoria to offer course on Beyoncé
Conservatives who show their annoyance with liberals, Obama, and the EPA by blowing black smoke from their trucks.
TSA bans UNCHARGED mobiles or laptops over bomb fears
You Wont Believe What These Boston Cops Are Doing to Generate Revenue
US bans uncharged mobiles and other devices on planes
Russian cafes remove word 'America' from their names
One-armed bicyclist had to pay a fine... for not having a hand brake on both handlebars.
Truck owners blow extra smoke to anger environmentalists
Why we must now sue the President!
Stripper tenant from hell has Calif. family living in fear
Wealthier teens more likely to smoke hookah: study
Political Protest Or Just Blowing Smoke? Anti-Environmentalists Are Now 'Rolling Coal'
Stall offers drug free urine to cyclists as the Tour de France passes through Ireland
Delaware Man Reportedly Picks Up 9th DUI At Yard Sale
Federal Judge Tells Supreme Court To 'STFU'
Pet store owner in Washington state goes on pet food diet for 30 days
Woman fights spider with fire, charged with aggravated arson
"Rolling Coal" With A "Prius Repellant" The Latest Anti-Lefty Craze
Driver arrested after refusing to give breath test because she's 'too busy drinking'
Government-Funded University Study Claims Twitter Could Make Kids Smoke Marijuana
Woman who killed son 'good person who made mistake'
Tyler Perry wins trademark battle for 'What Would Jesus Do'
Snapping Photo of Woman's Buttocks Lands Man Behind Bars
Baseball fan caught sleeping on camera sues MLB for defamation
The Longest Film Ever Made Receives 72-Minute Trailer
Andrew Lloyd Webber's hit musical Cats gets hip-hop twist as it returns to West End
World's oldest porno stash found by archaeologists
Federal judge tells Supreme Court to 'STFU' after Hobby Lobby ruling
Motorhead Fan Suffers Brain Bleed From Headbanging
White Sox Give Away White Ponchos, Inadvertently Turn Stadium Into A Klan Rally
No Sunscreen Allowed at School: "Kids could drink it."
Shark attack victim describes feeling teeth while being attacked.
Uganda: Police officer shoots 'aggressive' tortoise
Clever Building Solves Its Space Problem by Imitating an Armadillo
Two men detained after police mistake a conversation about Nickelback for a drug deal
Want to study pot? There's a school for that. Northeastern Institute of Cannabis will soon start accepting applications.
Undercover Drugs Squad Officer Sues Police For Heroin Addiction
Conservatives are purposely making their trucks spew black smoke to protest Obama and environmentalists
Guy Shown Sleeping On ESPN Broadcast During Yankees-Red Sox Game Sues For Defamation
Defiant Hobby Lobby Supporter Inadvertently Recreates Iconic Gaza Jihadist Photo
Starbucks Barista Accused Of Drawing Satanic Symbols In Coffee Foam
Hobby Lobby Stones Gay Employee to Death
Two 'Earth-like' planets don't exist
Cavs believe James is open to pitch
The Mothers Behind The Girl Scout Cookie Boycott
Hard-drive-sniffing dog, Thoreau, is cops' latest weapon on child porn
Djanogly City Academy pupils attempt Great Escape from school
55 yr old man drowns in a kiddie pool.... while floating down a river
Kickstarter raises thousands for potato salad
Rolling Coal: Conservatives 'screw' Obama by modifying trucks to spew toxic black smoke
Cop fired for watching porn fights for pension
Busted! Two women caught stealing a canopy on the beach, then attack!
Police dogs can now sniff out hard drives filled with child porn
Yankees fan caught sleeping on TV sues ESPN, MLB for $10 million
Was Carmarthenshire sheep abducted by aliens? - Local town newspaper with some excellent reporting.
Americans Killed by Cops Now Outnumber Americans Killed in Iraq War
Sony planning 'Community' movie after season 6
CBS Boston thinks 'EDM' is slang for MDMA
Horny Consumers Crashed Electronic Blow Job Machine Website During Pre-Sale Period
Yankees fan caught sleeping suing ESPN for $10 million [x-post r/mlb]
Isis mobile wallet will rebrand to avoid sharing name with violent militant group
In World Cup, Muslim preacher says women might see more than just balls
Man Raises $10,000 on Kickstarter to Make a Bowl of Potato Salad (UPDATE: Make that $23,000)
Gingers could become extinct due to climate change
Hipster Finds Lifestyle Too Expensive, Reverts Back to Mainstream
Walmart Apologizes for Decorative Poster of Nazis' Dachau Camp
The CIA claims it doesn't know where Tupac is
Experts warn climate change would make Gingers extinct
Judge who struck down Virginia prison policy that allowed Playboy, but not some classics dies
Green Tree (Pittsburgh) names Robert Downey Jr. as police chief.
Uganda cop shoots 'aggressive' tortoise
Man who fell asleep during Yankees game sues team, TV announcers for $10 million
Humpty Dumpty has great fall at Enchanted Forest
Tech Company Isis Forced to Change Name Due to Unfortunate Association with Terrorism
Boat chase suspect used baby as pepper spray shield
Showers and Socks Credited With Improved Health of Russian Army
Woman who calls herself 'Full Time F*****g Ledgend' on Facebook jailed after slitting neighbour's throat
Lebron Signs With Papa Johns Competitive Team
Gingers face extinction due to sunshine, say scientists
Sheriff: Drunk woman rides stolen horse to rob store
Israel does not want peace - Israel Conference on Peace
Psychologists Have Uncovered a Troubling Feature of People Who Seem Nice All the Time
Crossfit suing the National Strength and Conditioning Association for publishing scientific article
Hobby Lobby Ruling Prompts Federal Judge To Tell Supreme Court To 'STFU'
New York Yankees fan caught sleeping suing ESPN for $10 million
Federal Judge Blasts Hobby Lobby Decision: Supreme Court Should 'STFU'
Obama no longer cares whether the GOP is outraged
Image shows a fourth-grade science quiz about 'Dinosaurs: Genesis and the Gospel' from a South Carolina school.
Netflix Will Pay You To Watch Netflix All Day
Women who avoid the sun are "twice as likely to die" as those who don't.
Police: Father was 'sexting' as son was dying in hot car
Fan Caught Sleeping at Yankees Game Suing ESPN for $10 Million in Damages
BlackBerry tries to justify the square shape of its next big smartphone
New England Police Dogs Trained to Sniff Out Computer Files of Suspected Child Pornographers
'No Girls' Hearthstone Tournament helps "Promote Female Gaming"
Taylor Swift doesn't understand supply and demand
Ohio man took dead mom's Social Security benefits for 33 years
Taylor Swift Is Now a 'Wall Street Journal' Columnist
'Crazy' cat attacks, traps couple inside Volusia County home
Fox News Advises Women To Ditch Feminism, Offers Tips To 'Keep Your Husband Happy'
Ukraine Wants Russia to Give Back Its Annexed Military Dolphins
The Flaming Lips' Wayne Coyne and Miley Cyrus get matching dog tattoos
Lake Minnetonka boat chase suspect used baby as pepper spray shield
Isis mobile wallet rebrands to avoid confusion with Isis terrorist group
NYC cop charged with attempted murder in drunken shooting of random strangers
Microsoft's Windows to aid PC market revival in 2015
Canadian Man "sorry" for Chugging 8 Beers and Swimming to Detroit
Police Dogs Trained to Sniff Out Computer Files of Suspected Child Pornographers
China scientists claim victory in biological war on smelly loos
Now Apply for Unemployment Benefits - How to File My Weekly Claims
Isis Mobile Wallet to change name
Protesting Aborigines 'tour' bureau
Bill interrupted for want of enough MPs
TSA Bans Uncharged Mobile Devices From US-Bound Flights
Heathrow and Manchester issue must-be-charged gadget advice
CIA Claims It Doesn't Know Where Tupac Shakur Is
Jake Close, Fugitive, Arrested After Appearing In Newspaper Opinion Column
Canadian man 'sorry' for drinking 8 beers and swimming to Detroit
Will US cyborgs be the next to deploy?
Woman Stopped For Ducks: Life In Prison Is Unlikely Despite Jury's Conviction
How O.J. Simpson's Car Chase Led To Record Sales At Domino's Pizza
Cory Booker, Rand Paul team up for justice
Gingers face extinction due to climate change, scientists warn
If your electronic devices are not charged-up before flying to the U.S. they're not allowed in. - TSA requirement
VIDEO: White House Not Sure If Obama Aware of His Own Tweets
Could climate change rob us of redheads?
Dalai Lama urges halt to Buddhist violence against Muslims
Delhi Govt planning to sell onions, potatoes at liquor outlets
Selfie-taking fans are getting in everyone's way at the Tour de France
Canada Beats Kuwait 91-0 in Under-19 American Football
Yankees fan sues announcers over 'fatty' nap comments
Canada Destroys Kuwait In Under-19 Football, 91-0
Canada Beat Kuwait, 91-0 in U19 American Football Tilt
Man gets raw McChicken, hates it.
The Gates Foundation is developing a remote-control contraceptive
Sonoma deputy who shot, killed unarmed 13-year-old will not be charged
AdBlock Plus sued by German marketing companies
Russian priest claims coloured football boots are 'homosexual abomination'
Rajkot Nagarik Sahakari Bank- Executive Vacancies
TSA Says Uncharged Gadgets Can't Fly
Drunk woman rode stolen horse to store burglary, DeKalb County deputies say
My House Was Stolen Piece by Piece and Replaced with a Cornfield
'Gay cake' row could end up in court
Beer company's marketing gimmick shuts down Toronto intersection [xpost r/toronto]
Beer company's marketing gimmick shuts down Toronto intersection
Indiana police officer seen on video pushing man out of wheelchair will keep job
Christian bakery owner who won't make cake for gay marriage refuses to back down insisting he should be allowed to run his business in line with his beliefs
Lawmaker Wants 'Pornographic' Apollo Removed From 100-Ruble Note
White House Not Sure If Obama Aware of His Own Tweets
Drunk woman rode stolen horse to store burglary
Trying to sell stolen phone online, duo bump into owner
Don't blame over-eating: Rise in obesity likely due to decline in obesity
Sleeping Yankees Fan Sues ESPN For Defamation. New Yorker was shown dozing during game against Red Sox
Asher's Baking Company faces court for refusing order for gay marriage cake
Family discovers new home overrun by venomous snakes
'Colourful football shoes made World Cup a homosexual abomination,' says Russian priest
Toddler stuck in mop bucket rescued by firefighters
Sniffer dog finds child abuse images
Bristol man given stamps after passport lost
Six women emerge from toilet in train passenger attack
Family of murderer: officer would not have been shot of he stayed in his car
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall - literally
Dog appears as witness in murder trial
Gingers could soon become extinct due to climate change, experts warn.
Queen asked for poverty grant to heat palaces
Samsung factory robbed at gunpoint, $36 million in smartphones, tablets and laptops stolen
Gingers may soon become extinct due to climate change, experts warn.
Isis App Changing Name to Avoid Confusion With Iraqi Militant Group
Entire Italian Village for Sale on Ebay
ACLU calls into question why West Springfield police have two grenade launchers
Man chokes to death at South Dakota hot dog eating contest
Writing tips from the CIA's ruthless style manual
South Dakota man chokes to death during hot-dog eating contest
FOX NEWS' "DEPENDENCE DAY" MOCKS THE POOR, ELDERLY
How a White Sox Game Unintentionally Became KKK Night
Isis Mobile Wallet Is Now Seeking A New Name To Avoid Being Confused With Terrorists
Yankees Fan Suing ESPN, MLB For Showing Him Asleep At Game Vs. Red Sox
Potato-salad rookie raises thousands on Kickstarter
Rob Gronkowski lands a first class seat in exchange for a pair of his underwear
New Zealand ISP admits its free VPN exists just so people can watch Netflix
Man chokes to death while competing in US hot dog eating contest
New methods to combat growth of Internet child porn in Rhode Island
Rangers First Baseman Prince Fielder Appears Nude on ESPN the Magazine Body Issue
Russian Orthodox Priest Says Football [Soccer] Is Gay Because of Its Shoes
I Wore a Bikini and Nothing Happened
Russian Orthodox Priest Says Football Is Gay - Because of Its Shoes
ICP and the ACLU lost their lawsuit against the FBI
The CIA confirm they do not know the whereabouts of Tupac
BlackBerry's square-screened phone to free us from our "rectangular world"
Man dies at South Dakota hot dog eating contest
Not liking cupcakes is sexist
Man dies in Custer hot dog eating contest
World's largest sperm bank turns down redheads due to lack of demand.
Jennifer Lawrence face palms Emma Watson at Christian Dior show
The FBI Has Classified Juggalos As A "Violent Street Gang"
Madonna excused from jury service after two hours
Thousands of Brazilian fans set to wear matching, slightly terrifying Neymar masks to support the star's recovery
Baton Rouge Restaurant Employee Finds "GOD" in Sliced Eggplant
Meet 'The Badass Breastfeeder'
Students opt for electric shock over sitting alone with their thoughts
What a blockhead! Man has bizarre new Lego-style hair do to impress a girl... but, surprisingly, she says 'no'
LeBron Announces Decision at the UN because his decision "Affects everyone on the planet."
Pedestrian TV: Ukrainian astronomers name a star 'Putin is a dickhead'
Black child 'fed like a dog' in South African charity ad
Midlife crisis? This man got an anvil for a haircut to impress the ladies
Greenpeace Lambasts Lego for 'Polluting Children's Imaginations' with Shell Sponsorship
Fugitive arrested after giving newspaper opinion on Redskins
Remote-Controlled Birth Control Chip Can Last Up To 16 Years
Florida Man Named Cocaine Has Drug Charges Dropped
Michigan woman who sparked 28-hour search with suicide note was hiding at home
Wal-Mart Thought This Nazi Death Camp Poster Would Look Great On Your Wall
"HUMAN PROPS" LIVE IN FOR SALE LUXURY HOMES, ADD "LIFE" TO SPACES
Andrew Rector, Yankees Fan, Sues Baseball Announcers For Making Fun Of Him
This WAY bigger that SOPA or PIPA please god help save the Dark Internet save Bitcoin!
Forgotten vials of smallpox found in storage room
Teens Post Selfies At Auschwitz
Gitmo Detainees Point To Hobby Lobby In Fight For Prayer Rights
No more naked Apollos on Russian banknotes, lawmaker says
Gitmo detainees' lawyers invoke Hobby Lobby decision in court filing
Fan 'devastated' at Garth Brooks Dublin concerts cancellation
Forgotten vials of smallpox found in Bethesda, Md.
USA: Man Accused Of Stealing 32 Tons of Bacon
Bookies staff are sacked after man fed dog-food pie
Officer who killed family had dark side
Transformers Writer Scripting Dumbo Live-Action Remake - /Film
Court says Brazilian woman can masturbate legally at work
Raymond Felton believes he still is an elite NBA point guard
People who rank President Barack Obama as the worst President since the Second World War also blame him for starting it.
Truck Owners Rig Their Vehicles For Maximum Pollution To Protest Obama's Clean Energy Policy
A 72-minute "teaser trailer" has been released for what will be the longest movie ever made, with a final running time of 720 hours (30 days).
Kentucky lawmaker: global warming is fake because Mars and Earth are the same temperature.
Yankees fan caught sleeping, sues ESPN for 10 million
Bar Louie's dress code policy denounced as 'overtly racist'
Insane Clown Posse's FBI lawsuit thrown out; Juggalos are gang members now
Israeli lawmaker's call for genocide of Palestinians gets thousands of Facebook likes
Facebook and many other tech players looking to high school for interns
Brazil Loses World Cup Match 7-1 to Germany
The CIA finally respond to the whereabouts of 2Pac
Cochran gets lost on way to Senate lunch
LEBRON TO ANNOUNCE DECISION AT UNITED NATIONS
Total strangers marry at first sight
Germany Smashed Brazil So Hard It's Good For America
Director of America blames Google for confusing it with other Americas
Basement-Dwelling Millennials Are For Real
Is Yak Meat the New Protein?
Where Are the Asians in the Asian Republican Coalition?
Russian lawmaker Wants 'Pornographic' Apollo Removed From 100-Ruble Note
Evolve Together Gun Safety Group's Ad Uses Sex Toys To Get Its Message Across
Rob Ford's sobriety coach kicked shirtless protester, says officer.
Intoxocated Alabama mother left son with relative, forgets, and reports son as missing the next day. Now facing charges.
Coors Light promotion scare shuts down major Toronto intersection
Dude Who Fell Asleep During Yankees Game Suing MLB, ESPN For $10 Million
Judge to Supreme Court: 'STFU'
Germany Gives Brazil Das Boot With 7-1 Win, Enters World Cup Final
Uncle: Teen's Weave Helped Stop Bullet
Everyone knows Mars is the same temperature as Earth, and it doesn't have any coal fired power plants. Checkmate, Global Warmers.
Too hard to tell
Man attacked with bird feeder for "refusing to party"
Paintballing The Boss: Office Team-Building Exercises Gone Bad
Police Dogs Can Now Sniff Out Child Porn
Fireworks thrown at OKC firefighters; 3 arrested
Fan Sues After Untimely Nap Brings Unwanted Attention
Air New Zealand attracts criticism for featuring Sports Illustrated swimsuit models in safety video
Newspaper calls Obama the N-word in headline.
Robin Thicke's new album only sold 530 copies. No, we haven't missed out lots of zeroes
City Sues Couple on Disability for Holding Too Many Garage Sales.
Man chases cab driver with pots & pans after he tried to buy his girlfriend's cats
Two People Living in Central Florida Claim Their Pet Held Them Hostage
Sharknado: The Video Game Announced
Norwegian man wins $2,850 on a $16 bet with 175/1 odds that striker Luis Suarez would bite someone during the World Cup.
Florida Road Construction Sign Hacked To Show Extremely Vulgar Message - CBS Tampa "Fuck her right in the pussy"
Kid invents gadget to prevent hot car deaths
Man claims wife was killed by laundry static in Polk home (x-post /r/Florida)
Colorado Claims Contraceptive Program Caused Big Drop in Teen Birth Rates
Man claims wife was killed by laundry static in Polk home
Walking Vagina Turns Heads in Vilnius
Cupcake shop Crumbs shuttering all its stores; bride-to-be forced to make other plans
Oklahoma farmer loses iPhone in grain silo, returned nearly 8 months and trip to Japan later
Feminist professors attempt to prove campus rape is an epidemic by pointing to schools where there are no rapes
Ice cream-eating trucker strikes man in road
Florida Gov. Rick Scott Signs 'Pop-Tart' Gun Bill Into Law
100-year-old German turns tables on trickster
Police Use Dog To Find Memory And Hard Drives In Search
Rain + Mud = Messy Good Time for Hundreds of Kids
Obama Meets Man in Horse Head Mask in Colorado
Obama Meets Man in Horse Head Mask in Denver
Anti-ISIS Syria rebel commander delivers speech with 'Hello Kitty' notebook
Potato salad kickstarter at $57,104 of $10 goal.
Obama Has Historic Meeting With Man In Horse Head Mask
Members of Congress Declare "Immunity" from Insider Trading Probe
Drunk man says dog drove him to store
Cyclist Who Filmed Passenger Throwing Gatorade At Him Could Be Charged For 'Fighting Words'
An Oil to Get Your Lady Parts Stoned [NSFW]
Man charged with impaired driving after complaining about too few cops
Brazil's media blame MICK JAGGER for their World Cup humbling against Germany
Gary the Goat scores a comedy gig in Darwin
CIA tweets 'we don't know where Tupac is,' requests selfie with Ellen DeGeneres
Chinese couple sells their children to traffickers, uses the money to buy in-game items
Police Dogs Trained to Sniff out Hidden Hard Drives Containing Child Pornography
Iran Flips Off Obama
influx of female models 2013 new winter coat korean women slim fur collar padded cotton jacket coat flounced short paragraph
Cow runs amok, attacks Mount Vernon police before being killed
Doritos New Flavor Is a Game of Russian Roulette in Your Mouth
League City bans undocumented children
Author of How to Survive Running of the Bulls gored
Russian Orthodox priest claims the World Cup is gay propaganda
Chicago man who wrote guide on how to survive running with bulls gored by bulls
Potato salad guy raised nearly $60,000 on kickstarter.
Police: N.C. grandfather shoots father, grandson fires back
Mountie shoots cow 14 times
Brazil fans stunned by lopsided World Cup defeat; some turn sarcastic
Ugandan police shoot "aggressive" tortoise.
Man wearing dress, cowboy hat and `surfing' on car roof charged after police chase
Chicago Author Who Penned Guide on Surviving Pamplona Bull Run Gored by Bull
Ugandan policeman shoots "aggressive" tortoise after it invades his home.
Report: Buddhist Monks Set off Illegal Fireworks
Brazil fan farts on Neymar's girlfriend Bruna Marquezine, she doesn't like it
Potheads greet head of state in Denver
Malaysian MP admires Germany's victory over Brazil- and Hitler in tweet
Pornhub pleads with users to stop uploading videos of Brazil 'getting f**ked by Germany' in the World Cup
Israeli 'Peace Conference' Marred by Violence, Support for IDF
Malaysian MP admires Germany win - and Hitler - in tweet
Judge: OK To Classify Juggalos As 'Gang'
Pornhub asks football fans to stop uploading videos of 'Brazil being f**ked by Germany' to their 'public humiliation' section
Malaysian politician tweets 'LONG LIVE HITLER' after German World Cup win over Brazil
A Malaysian Legislator Tweets Praise to Hitler After Germany's Soccer Triumph
Pornhub Begs Users To Stop Uploading Videos Of 'Germany F**king Brazil'
Rising sea levels to star in Virginia Stage musical
Rs 50,000 stolen from BJP MP's home, 'thief' says he got Rs 1.14 cr
Chicago author of 'How to Survive the Running of the Bulls' gored in Pamplona
Woman only discovered that the home she was renting had been a serial killer's torture chamber after she seeing it in a TV documentary
An American who co-wrote a book called How to Survive the Running of the Bulls was badly gored on Wednesday in the morning bull run at Pamplona's San Fermin festival.
Choomer in chief passes on puff in Denver
Police Dogs Are Sniffing Out Hard Drives Filled with Child Pornography
In 'sexting case' Manassas City police want to photograph teen in sexually explicit manner, lawyers say.
'Buffalo' Bill Hillmann, Author of Pamplona Bull Run Guide, Gets Gored
Guy Who Wrote Book on Surviving Running of the Bulls Gets Gored by Bull
Rolling Coal: Conservatives Modify Trucks to Spew Toxic Black Smoke to ... 'Screw' Obama?
Priest Says Soccer Is Gay Because Of Colorful Shoes
Florida Traffic Advisory: "F*ck Her Right in the P*ssy"[nsfw]
Deepak Chopra doesn't understand quantum physics, so Brian Cox wants $1,000,000 from him
Mass. company develops implanted contraceptive chip controlled by wireless remote control
The peculiar Chinese habit of sleeping in Ikea stores
Germany v Brazil, the Sex Tapes: PornHub Begs Users to Stop Uploading Humiliation Videos of World Cup Hosts
George R.R. Martin says 'fuck you' to anyone who thinks he'll die before finishing 'Game of Thrones' series
Mick Jagger Is Being Blamed for Brazil's Defeat.
Germany Has Achieved Fire-Breathing Monster Status at Just the Right Time
Naked Seattle intruder recites Scripture in home
Fox's Keith Ablow: LGBT rights will lead to 'three humans and a dog' marriage
Move over potato chips, it's time for cricket Chirps
Cops Want to Take Photos of Teen's Erect Penis to Prove He Sexted
Teenager Arrested For Sexting His Girlfriend...Cops Serve Him Search Warrant Forcing Him To Get A Penis Injection So They Can Take A Picture Of His Boner For Evidence
President Obama Asked If He Wants A Hit
This is what happened when I drove my Mercedes to pick up food stamps
Kentucky Senator on Global Warming: 'There Are No Coal Mines on Mars'
'I got tired of her': Mo. man tells police why he shot his wife
Ugandan cop guns down 'aggressive' tortoise
Trooper hits moose on his way to respond to moose-vehicle accident
Ukraine demands its military's dolphins be returned from Russia.
Obama Shakes Hands with Man in Horse Mask
Family cat trapped Florida couple bedroom
Straggling bull gores Pamplona survival guide author
Obama shakes hands with a guy wearing horse mask colorado
Crazed house cat? Two people living in Central Florida claim their pet 'held them hostage
Files on UK role in CIA rendition accidentally destroyed, says minister
Airplane Pilot Averts Passenger Mutiny by Buying Everyone Pizza
Police officer shoots 'aggressive' tortoise dead
South Pacific Island of 'Mutiny on the Bounty' Fame Running Out of People
Without exercise, Americans are growing more obese, according to Stanford researchers
Artist: Santa Fe Police Pulled Rifle for Dog Poop
Ikea shoppers in China fall asleep in furniture room displays
Middle School Students Plan To Break Dress Code, Principal Screams Terrorism
Teen Shot in Head Was Saved by Her Weave
Stem cell patient ACCIDENTALLY grows a NOSE on her back eight years after surgeons injected tissue there to try to cure her paralysis.
Man Suffers Brain Injury From Headbanging To Motörhead
YUM! Dorothy Hunter To Eat Dog And Cat Food For Month
Maine State Trooper Responding to Moose-Car Crash Hits Moose
Study: People Who Don't Watch the News Are More Informed Than Fox Viewers
Local Pet Supply Store Owner Eats Dog Food for a Month
Virginia Police Want To Force A 17 Year-Old Boy To Have An Erection, And Then Take Pictures Of It | ThinkProgress
GOP: Let's try luxury deportation
US police want to take photo of 'sexting' teen's erect penis to prove he sent messages
Chicago man who wrote guide on how to survive running with bulls gets gored by bulls
Pornhub Begs Users to Stop Uploading Video of Germany Fucking Brazil
Colin Fitzgerald, Afghan war veteran, given a rock to squeeze for his PTSD
John Wayne Heirs Sue University Over the Name Duke
Author Of Book On How To Survive Running Of The Bulls Gored By Bull
Saudi Arabian burger joint suffers from Brazil defeat
Colorado Man Offers Obama a Toke of Marijuana - A Rocky Mountain 'High'
Chicago Author Of 'How To Run With The Bulls' Gored In Pamplona
Japan plans giant Gundam robot
Palestinian rockets force Israeli peace conference to evacuate
Government Scientists Want to Fix Your Memory
9-year-old steals car, crashes into house
Bung says German ambassador just 'doesn't get' his Hitler remark
Cedar Point offers to rename coaster King James if LeBron returns to the Cleveland Cavaliers
The impact on both sides of the Israel-Hamas conflict
George R. R. Martin to People Who Say He'll Die Soon: "#$%@ You"
Nepali teenage girl commits suicide because Brazil lost to Germany.
Report says 2 Denver cops had sex in a patrol car while on duty as many as 30 times
Islamic State Urges FIFA to Deprive Qatar of the World Cup
Rape accused would have to prove consent under Labour plan
Republican Calls Climate Change A Hoax Because Earth And Mars Have 'Exactly' Same Temperature
Sleeping fan files $10M defamation lawsuit against Yankee announcers
Generous Denver Man Offers President Obama Weed
Pornhub asks users to stop posting videos of Germany fucking Brazil
Man quits job because of fear of baked beans
Porn site begs users to stop uploading Brazil highlights
U.S. Teenagers Really Don't Know the Value of a Dollar, Global Test Shows
GOP lawyer claims global climate change to be a hoax because earth and mars have the same temperature.
ISIS takes on the World Cup
Author of How to Survive the Running of the Bulls, gored at Running of the Bulls
The Whistle Blower Speaks Again! Edward Snowden Exposes FBI, Telling The World Their Targets Were Muslim - American Lawyers
GOP candidate who supports abstinence-only learns it doesn't work the hard way
In sexting case, Virginia prosecutors want to photo teen's genitalia
John Wayne's family sues Duke University for right to sell Duke alcohol
Prairie Village 'Committee Structure Review Committee' recommends eliminating committees
Woman with 22 visible piercings seeks to end workplace dress code discrimination
Potato Salad Kickstarter Guy May Have to Swallow $21,000 Tax Bill
Pornhub Asks Users To Stop Uploading Brazil Vs Germany Highlights As 'Public Humiliation'
Man shot wife because he was "tired of her"
Lakewood Man Dials 911 To Report Drug Dealer On Corner, Realizes During Call That Suspect Is Just A Sign
ISIS to FIFA: Cancel the World Cup or We'll Bomb It
Man on bathroom break finds venomous snake coiled in toilet
Student Accidentally Sexts Dad, Shares Drama With Twitter
Search and rescue team attempt to ressuscitate dismembered body found in river
Virginia police have a warrant to take photos of a teenage boy's erect penis
Google Executive's Heroin Overdose Blamed on Prostitute
Candle lorry fire coats A3029 in Bristol in wax
Potato Salad kickstarter has now raised over $70,000. What the actual fuck internet?!?!?
PolitiFact Actually Fact-Checks Whether Fox News Women Are All Blonde
A Prison Inmate Has Sued WWE's Natalya For Allegedly Making Him Her Sex Slave
What Burritos And Sandwiches Can Teach Us About Innovation : All Tech Considered : NPR
Expert American bull runner gored in Pamplona
Strip Club Show Palace Offers Private Study Rooms For Students In New York (NSFW)
Sleeping Yankees fan suing ESPN, MLB after getting teased during broadcast
911 Call Reports Irate Cat Trapped Couple in Home, 'Ripped' Them Up
Probation for official who stole $460K in quarters
Dogs trained to sniff out child pornography
82 Shot, Chicago Considered War Zone, Military Deployed
National Coffee Association Names Bill Murray Its New President And CEO
Court: Cops can't stop drivers based on the color of their cars
Virginia judge orders creation of child pornography to fight child pornography
Lawyer: Va. cops want to photograph teen's erect penis
World Cup fan scores modelling gig from cheering
Baywatch cast making Baywatch movie where they can't say Baywatch
In 'sexting' case, police want to take photo of teen's erect genitalia, his lawyer says
Incest, paedophilia 'like being gay', judge says
Author of book on how to survive Pamplona bull run is gored during festival
Judge compares incest and paedophilia to past attitudes towards homosexuality, claiming they might not be taboo anymore
Author on surviving bull runs gored at Pamplona
Cedar Point to rename roller coaster if LeBron goes to Cavaliers
President Obama turns down joint, consumes more dangerous drug
Fat Woman Wears Bikini, World Doesn't End
Oakland mystery pig frightens children
Doctor cleared after complaint over Orthodox Jewish practice of sucking blood from baby's penis at circumcision
Three human skulls donated to thrift store
Malaysian MP hails German World Cup win by praising Hitler
A New York City Strip Club Will Give Carmelo Anthony Free Lap Dances (for Life!) If He Re-Signs With the Knicks
Duval School board fires 1 teacher, suspends another for unprofessional conduct including report of twerking
North Korea Again Fires Projectiles Into Sea
Man visiting D.C. says Uber driver took him on wild ride.
Cops Want to Inject 17 Year Old with Viagra and Take a Picture of his Erection for 'Evidence'
Prosecutors want to photograph erect penis of teen accused of sexting girlfriend
Police investigating 'sexting' case in Virginia want to take picture of teen boy's genitals while he's aroused
New Jersey man steals iPhone, selfies appear on owner's iCloud
Photographing a Teen's Boner to Prove He's Sexting Is Way Worse Than Sexting
Maine state trooper injured in crash with moose
Cops Want to Give Teen an Erection and Photograph It... You Know, For Evidence
Co-Author of Bull-Running Guide Is Gored in Pamplona
Police Want to Force a 17-Year-Old Accused of Sexting His Girlfriend to Take More Explicit Photos As Evidence
Resident puts up massive tarp to block neighbor's surveillance camera
Washington man first to buy legal weed in Spokane is fired after spotted on news
Berkeley dispensaries must give free pot to poor members, city says
Strip Club Offers Free Private Rooms To Students Studying For Finals, No One Shows (Video)
Monroe County arrests mother of drug-positive infant under new law
EA: Dungeon Keeper Failed by "Innovating Too Much"
Father Loses Life Savings Playing Carnival Game
Qatar resorts in talks for artificial reefs
Baby taken from us, says debt-ridden couple
Here Is the Asian Republican Coalition, Whose Definition of Asian Would Include Donald Trump and Woody Allen
Missing Mont Blanc mountain climber found after 32 years in ice
Air New Zealand replaces 'sexist' safety flight video
homeopathy doctors in chembur
'Don't endanger your souls by taking yoga classes' - priest warning to parishioners - See more at: http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/news/dont-endanger-your-souls-by-taking-yoga-classes-priest-warning-to-parishioners-30421352.html#sthash.0TJKqVS6.dpuf
Summer Discount | Tobacco Road Tours
Putin praises Goebbels at meeting with Jewish leaders
Chicago writer who contributed to guide on surviving 'running of the bulls' is gored in Pamplona
Yoga putting 'souls in jeopardy', Donegal priest warns
Singapore withdraws gay penguin book from libraries.
Spicy burger test puts two daily reporters in hospital
Granddad shot son; kid kills grandpa
J.K. Rowling Reassures Daniel Radcliffe That There'll Be No More Potter Films, Probably
Man cuts off own penis in London Restaurant
No we can't: President Obama won't get involved in Garth Brooks concert fiasco despite fans' pleas
Mike Tyson leaps to defence of Suarez in biting controversy
The Guinea worm is a parasite that grows up to 3 feet long and emerges from a blister in your skin. It's nearly eradicated, but this organization is fighting to save it.
Check out the 72 minute trailer for Ambiance, the longest movie ever made.
White House: 'We won't be getting involved in Garth Brooks fiasco'
Thieves forced to abandon lorry carrying £15,000 worth of shortbread after filling it with cleaning fluid
Asthma inhaler lodged in chest highlights importance of warning labels
Warrant calls for teen to pose nude for cops
New transit bylaw will fine you $100 for singing on the bus
GM recalls defective kits containing replacement ignition switches
Thieves steal 5km of railway track
There are no Coal Mines on Mars
Co-Author Of Book On How Not To Be Gored By A Bull Gets Gored
Thief steals mobile phone off a phone activated bomb in Karachi
The Koch Brothers Are Building a Super Creepy Carnival on the DC National Mall
'I strangled her by accident in a blindfolded pillow fight': A killer's explanation that only Beijing's high court buys
Cedar Point vows to rename coaster after LeBron James if he returns to Cleveland
Entrepreneur Barbie takes aim at glass ceiling
Accused man 'pretty upset' after lobbing steel block at kids, driver in "atrocious fit of rage"
Woot founder launches Meh.com, a Woot redux
Author of Pamplona Bull Run Survival Guide is Badly Gored by a Bull
New transit bylaw means you'll pay $100 for singing on the bus
How Justin Bieber's Bangs Could Save Teens' Skin
Daughter slept next to mom's corpse for 3 years
Saudi student sells American common lizard for 7m claiming, "it's an extinct dinosaur"
Man attempting to visit son trapped for 31 hours in Cook County (Chicago) Jail.
Robin Thicke's album Paula sells less than 54 copies in Australia
Atlanta boy, 4, kicked out of restaurant for wearing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles tank top
Hey Russia, Ukraine would like its military-trained killer dolphins back
Artist's plan to drop a piano off 27-storey tower doesn't go down well with residents
Stoned Florida thieves allegedly get the munchies and steal Froot Loops from school
US sends draft notices to 14,000 Pennsylvania men born in 1800s
Police Pull Rifle Out On Man Trying To Clean Up Dog Poop In His Car
Step Inside The Social Network That's Worth Over $5 Billion But Has No Revenues, Assets, Or Full-Time Employees
Kentucky GOP lawmaker defends coal: 'We all agree' Mars is the same temperature as Earth
Most Millennials Would Sacrifice a Work Friendship For a Promotion
A Modern Revival of Ancient Wisdom
'How to survive the bull run' writer gets gored by bull
Police kill charging cow who sent officer airborne
Pope Francis And Pope Benedict XVI Probably Won't Watch The World Cup Final Together
Prostitute accused in Google exec's death
Javier Mascherano says he tore his anus during semifinal against Netherlands
Police in Manassas, Virginia want to take photo of boy's erect penis in sexting case
'Sderot cinema': Image shows Israelis gathering to watch nighttime attacks on Gaza
Robin Thicke's album Paula sells fewer than 54 copies in Australia
Errant barbecue bristle lands Red Deer woman in hospital
Stolen statue of Ronald McDonald from a Ripon restaurant found. Apparently the Hamburglar is not a suspect.
Tech Company With $39 In Assets Now Worth More Than $6B
Obama's Between Two Ferns Video Gets Emmy Nomination
The Ex-Porn Star Sasha Grey Is Now A DJ
John Wayne's Family Sues Duke University Over The Name 'Duke'
Democrat Offers $100K Reward For Naked Photos Of Teenage Hunter
Domino's charges teen more than $300K for pizza
Texas Pastor: Jesus Might Love the Little Children, But He Wants a Border Fence Too
BAY AREA COLLEGE STUDENT REJECTED FROM ENGLAND
Pope Francis Excommunicated the Mafia, but the Mobsters Don't Give a Damn
Uxbridge Police will "throw the book" at anyone caught dropping their pants and pooping on trains as they pass by under bridge
Argentinian midfielder Javier Mascherano says he tore his anus in tackle against Netherlands yesterday
American who co-authored book 'Fiesta: How to Survive the Bulls of Pamplona' gored twice Wednesday
Javier Maschera on his match-saving tackle 'I tore the anus'
Police arrest man accused of kicking police horse
Teen commits suicide after Brazil's World Cup defeat.
Cleveland Zoo Makes Owl Predict LeBron's Next Team, It Awkwardly Picks Miami
"Super Gay Male Soldiers" Coming For USA Christians, Warns Radio Host
Chinese couple sells their kids to buy in-game weapons and armor
MUSLIM PRAYER RUG FOUND ON ARIZONA BORDER BY INDEPENDENT AMERICAN SECURITY CONTRACTORS
Headbanging Causes Brain Bleed Incident, But Doctors Say Rock On Anyway
Argentina's Javier Mascherano Says He Tore His Anus Against The Dutch
Y2K bug resurfaces and sends draft notices to 14,000 men born in the 1800s
Co-author of "How to Survive the Bulls of Pamplona" gored to death in running of the bulls in Pamplona
House Candidate Quits Race after Car Masturbation Crime Revealed
This Nonexistent Social Network With No Revenues and No Assets Is Worth $4 Billion
Portland police horse unfazed by man's alleged 'double kick'
Shrek is love Shrek is life
Police Back Off On Plan To Take Explicit Photo
Police in Sexting Case Want to Take Photo of Teen's Ere--... Wait, That Can't Be Right, Can It?
Why DARPA is reading Lady Gaga's tweets
State Sen. Brandon Smith: Mars and Earth Have Same Temperature
Foot-sniffing teacher admits child sexual assault
Wu-Tang rapper who cut off penis and jumped off balcony 'wants to do porno' movie
Vicar marries atheist in same-sex wedding
Oh, my: Your distressed jeans, designed by lions, tigers and bears
Authorities: Magee nursing home resident murdered with sandwich
Wu-Tang Clan rapper Andre Johnson who cut off penis wants porn work now it's reattached
Seattle City Attorney buys weed, hopes DEA won't mind
How Canadian: Guy drives Zamboni down road in July
14,000 Draft Notices Sent To Pa. Men Born In 1800s
Chicago author of 'How to Survive the Bulls of Pamplona' gored -- but will run again
American Legion shooting at anti-violence concert
An Ohio man's quest to make potato salad cooks up $50,000
Spokane's first legal marijuana customer fired for buying weed
17-Year-Old World Cup Fan Gets Modeling Deal With L'Oreal After Photos Go Viral And You Won't Believe Who She Is!
Obama nominated for Emmy for "Between Two Ferns" performance
Man killed roommate with a sandwich.
Update: Manassas City police say they will not serve search warrant in teen 'sexting' case
Police back off on plan to take photo of teen's genitals
Could sniffing flatulence be GOOD for you? Potent gas can help prevent cancer, strokes and heart attacks, claim scientists
Crystal doorknob causes house fire
Pot luck: Berkeley dispensaries now required to give free marijuana to the poor
Plane crashes into Titusville collision repair shop
Man ticketed in London for stopping safely to attend a fallen elderly lady with bleeding eye socket, and call an ambulance. Helping the injured is "not an excuse."
Irish woman awarded €64,000 after slipping on vomit
1-800-FLOWERS Is Teaming Up With Robin Thicke To Help You Say, 'Sorry I F*cked Up'
Virginia authorities back off plan to take pictures of teenager while he's aroused
Fart smells have health benefits, according to Exeter University researchers
Texas Cop "Kills For Christ," Claims to be "Christian Warrior"
US farmer drops iPhone in grain bin, gets it back from Japan
Copy of 'Das Kapital' sells for $40,000
Renew America Pundit Falls For Joke Reports Claiming Michelle Obama Is A Transgender Woman, Barack Obama Attending Mosque
Man named Shelby Mustang GT500 arrested in Des Moines
Hot, Hot, Hot: Spicy Burger Sends Two British Men to Hospital
Great fall too much: Humpty Dumpty to be rebuilt
Street Named for George Carlin Includes Church
House Republicans Will Sue Obama Because He's Not Implementing Obamacare Fast Enough
Man who wrote book on surviving The Running of the Bulls gored by bull.
Beck Album to be Recorded by Jack Black and Norah Jones
US police drop plans to photograph teen's penis
OKLAHOMA LAWMAKERS CONSIDERING OUTLAWING ALL MARRIAGES TO PREVENT GAY MARRIAGE
In the market for a used tank?
Internet angry at Steven Spielberg for murdering Triceratops.
Football, grammar lead to fight at bowling alley
Libertarian Accidentally Shows How Obamacare Is Succeeding
Prosecutor charges police officer for accidentally shooting fleeing man in back
Fleshlight Launchpad - Now You Can Have Sex With Your iPad
Japanese Engineers To Build A Real-Life 18 Meter Gundam Robot
Virginia Cops Abandon Plan to Coercively Photograph Nude Underage Teen's Erection.
Redheads are here to stay, despite what you may have heard
Police back off on plan to take explicit photo of teen in attempt to prove 'sexting' case.
Krauthammer: Gov. Perry demonstrating he could be a 'major candidate' in 2016
Adult streaming website YouPorn expresses interest in sponsoring a competitive gaming team via twitter.
US teenager may be forced to produce 'pictures of his erect penis' as part of 'sexting' case
US teen may be forced to show police his erection in sexting case
Mississippi man accused of killing nursing home roommate with sandwich
Bung defends tweet, says German team fought like Hitler
German MP Michael Hartmann admits using crystal meth; says it makes him perform better
Nursing home resident murdered with sandwich.
North Korea complains to U.N. about Seth Rogen comedy 'The Interview'
Files on UK role in CIA abductions accidentally 'soaked in water'
Police Want to photograph teen's erect penis as evidence.
Colorado Selling Over 10 Tons of Pot Every Month.
Police Chief in Uniform Told to Leave Gun Outside Ikea
Westboro Baptist Church Members Now Claiming 'God Hates Jesus'
14,000 draft notices sent to men born in 1800s
'Seinfeld' emoji are on their way
'I Regret Nothing': First Man to Buy Legal Weed in Washington Says He Was Fired
Game of Thrones author George RR Martin says 'f*** you' to fans who fear he will die before finishing Westeros saga
George RR Martin gives impatient readers the finger
Ghana World Cup fans seek asylum in Brazil
Woman Calls 911 After Angry Cat Traps Her In Bedroom (AUDIO)
Japanese Grapes Cost a Record $5,400 a Bunch
Florida cat owners call 911 after Russian blue 'freaked out'
No Jail for woman who stabbed a baby
Mormon Church essay says one of its scriptures may not be a literal translation
Irish patients warned 'miracle cure' from US church is bleach
Police Abandon Plans To Photograph Teen's Penis In Virginia Sexting Case
TSA issues directive that people with uncharged cellphones will not be allowed to bring them on the plane
Woman (50) arrested for allegedly cocaine dealing at bingo hall
Police want even more photos of 17-year-old's genitals, lawyer says
Three year old Onion video resurfaces as real news.
8-Year-Old Charged For Sexual Conduct With Sitter
Cops back off plan to take teen's penis pic
It's Official: ICP's Juggalos Are Legally Gang Members
Manassas police back off on plan to take photo of forcibly aroused teen in sexting probe
German MP Says He Took Crystal Meth To Be More Efficient
WOMAN, 50, CHARGED WITH DEALING DRUG AT BINGO HALL
US sends 14,000 draft notices to men born in 1800s
Javier Mascherano reveals he 'tore his anus' in heroic match-saving tackle on Arjen Robben
Rihanna Compares Chris Brown Beating To Brazil vs. Germany
Mascherano tore anus in semi-final against Netherlands
Man Charged With Indecent Exposure Says He Must Have Been 'Sleepwalking'
Paramedic tries to save toddler's life, gets bitten on testicles by the family dog, they swell up to size of basketballs
Nude photos of Kendall Jones reportedly sought by Virginia Democrat
Amazon sidesteps French ban on free shipping by charging a penny
Monks start brewing beer to keep abbey open
Australian judge says incest may no longer be a taboo
Hardware Stores Are Experiencing A Boom In Rope Sales Thanks To A Certain Erotic Novel (Fifty Shades Of Grey)
Taking crystal meth makes me a better MP
Muslims approve of Obama, Catholics, Protestants and Mormons do not
Catholic priest 'didn't know 15 was underage'
Virginia police won't seek nude photo of teenager in sexting case
North Korean letter to U.N. Secretary General slams the United States over James Franco's THE INTERVIEW, leveling accusations of sponsoring terrorism and committing an act of war.
Palestinians in Gaza ask for referendum to join Russia like Crimea
July temps in the 40s? Parts of U.S. in for a chill
Brian Williams Pulls Off Fantastic Sex Joke on Air
Healthy gay men urged to take HIV drugs - WHO
Naked and high, man breaks into home, recites scripture
Ex-Porn Star Sasha Grey Is Now An EDM DJ
Meet the World's First Skateboarding Cop
Stop Pooping on Trains From Overpass
The perils of having a flexible friend: Businessman ends up in hospital after sex with his ballerina lover
Scientists Say Smelling Farts Might Prevent Cancer
Airport charges passengers for fresh air
Gordon College President For Exemption From Not Being Allow to Discriminate Against LGBT
Two men accused of smoking heroin in Chuck E. Cheese restroom
Man Who Killed Wife Over Dinner Prefers Death to Prison Food
Virginia Police Want To Force A 17 Year-Old Boy To Have An Erection, And Then Take Pictures Of It
NC woman accused of posing as CEO for $15 million
Tennessee Arrests First Mother Under Its New Pregnancy Criminalization Law
Police drop plans to photograph teens erection in sexting case
Cats: classic musical to feature a rapping cat
Police: Man said he entered vacant house to pleasure himself - See more at: http://www.whio.com/news/news/crime-law/police-man-said-he-entered-vacant-house-pleasure-h/ngdQx/?ecmp=whiotv_social_facebook_2014_sfp#sthash.lLMX3WD2.dpuf
Phone tracker app snares pregnant woman's mugger, court told
Police: Man said he entered vacant house to pleasure himself
Democratic Congressional Candidate Offers $100K For Nude Pics Of Teen Hunter
Favre jersey retirement likely off in 2014 because Packer fans might boo
Police: Kilgore man assaults sister after she takes away gaming system
Republican 'Abstinence-Only' Crusader's 17-Year-Old Daughter Is Pregnant
White male leaders learning about diversity at golf resort
Swede builds crossbow to fight vampires
Long Island motorcyclist tries to give cops bogus name, can't spell it
Police: Poltergeist turns out to be women on 'meth rampage'
Allegedly drunken Georgia man tells officer that his dog drove him to the store
North Korea Complains To The UN's Ban Ki Moon About Seth Rogen Comedy
Talk of Barack Obama getting involved in the Garth Brooks debacle
Massachusetts Police Warn Against Pooping on to Passing Trains
Clothing Line Under Fire After Putting a Black Child's Face on Monkey Shirt
Bride Marries Total Stranger On TV, Freaks Out At Sight Of Groom
Man arrested for fleeing police and giving a fake name which he could not spell.
More Education Leads to Lousy Vision
Editorial: Dallas open carry guitar protest hit the right note
Uxbridge police warn against pooping onto passing trains
Greenfield police turn to microwave ovens as improvised Faraday cages as department adjusts to U.S. Supreme Court ruling requiring warrants for cell phone searches
Southern town marks sesquicentennial of civil war with reenactors and the interpretative dance group "Glo".
Portland removes criminal history section from most job applications in attempt to diversify workforce
National Geographic photos not child porn, court rules
Sheep costume Sunderland student became fireball when nightclub bouncer set costume alight
No, Steven Spielberg did not poach a dinosaur, despite viral photo
A Whole Bunch Of People On Facebook Thought Steven Spielberg Killed A Real Dinosaur
Kelsey Grammer joins Twitter to clean up everyone's poor grammar
Steven Spielberg accused of poaching dinosaur after outraged Facebook users are fooled by 'Jurassic Park' photo
Uxbridge Police warn against pooping on passing trains
Putin bitterly calls Goebbels a 'talented man' in front of international gathering of rabbis
Don't shred on me: TX music lovers mock gun enthusiasts with Open Carry Guitar Rally
Obama called the N-word in headline
Lawyer sues theaters over free popcorn
Rick Perry and Sean Hannity Patrol Mexican Border With Machine Gun
Disney Plans Live-Action 'Dumbo' Remake with 'Transformers' Writer
More Than 80% of Adults With Serious Mental Illness Remain Unemployed
Girl, 14, raped on Indian village council orders in revenge for brother's crime, police say
Indian village council orders girl to be raped for brother's crime Read more: http://www.ctvnews.ca/world/indian-village-council-orders-girl-to-be-raped-for-brother-s-crime-1.1909235#ixzz37C3G2t6E
LeBron James' return to Cleveland could complicate 2016 GOP convention
LeBron James' return to Cleveland could complicate Republican Party's plan to nominate presidential contender
Internet Users Think Steven Spielberg Killed Dinosaur, Accuse Him of Animal Cruelty
Radical Islamic Preacher Seeks Asylum In UK
Mother Shocked To Hear 'Ma'am, There Is A Lemur On Your Baby'
Sloth at Toronto Zoo predicts Germany will win World Cup
Smelling farts could be the best thing you do today
Indian village council orders girl to be raped for brother's crime
Man Karate Kicks Police Horse
Study: Smelling farts is good for your health
Seattle Poltergeist Turns Out to be Woman on Meth Rampage
Mother Shocked To Hear 'Ma'am, There Is A Lemur On Your Baby' (Photos)
Americans Are Too Stupid For GMO Labeling, Congressional Panel Says
Turmoil in Irish parliament 'beyond parody' after Garth Brooks cancels five concerts in Dublin
Police: Dollar General underwear thief flees in ice cream truck
Sir, may I have another: Groundbreaking study finds that smelling farts is good for your health.
Viral Bikini Photo Of Woman With Crohn's Inspires Others To Bare Their Colostomy Bags
Guy creates GoFundMe in order to pay off his house. Forgets to include potato salad until days later.
Did Marxist Philosophy Superstar Slavoj Žižek Plagiarize a White Nationalist Journal?
Virginia Girl Pronounced a Princess by Father
2 Dogs Review Planet of the Apes
House GOP Plows Forward With Plans To Sue Obama
US sends military draft notices to men born in the 1800s
Refrigerated FedEx truck stalls... if contents of truck reach 50 degrees, they'll explode.
Venezuelan airport adds clean air fee, enraging travellers
Judy Blume: 'I thought, this is America: we don't ban books. But then we did'
Fire dept burns house down
Russians swear up a storm as Kremlin bans obscenities
CrossFit Sues Publisher of Study Described by Study Author as "Very Positive" Toward CrossFit
Court To Rule If Guru Dead or Meditating
Massachusetts police warn against pooping onto passing trains.
Rap Genius Raises $40M, Changes Name To Genius, Launches Embeddable Annotations
Bruised And Bloodied Disney Princesses Remind Us Domestic Violence Can Happen To Anyone
It's not easy being a Disney princess. Here's what happens when 'happily ever after' goes wrong.
Bribe-greedy cop asks man to resume crime
'Confused Face' Meme Girl Sues Instagram for $500 Million, Confused How Instagram Works
Facebook Users Are Outraged With Steven Spielberg For Killing This Triceratops
Beethoven's Ode to Joy Played With 167 Theremins Placed Inside Matryoshka Dolls in Japan
Uxbridge police warn against pooping onto passing trains Read more: http://www.wcvb.com/news/uxbridge-police-warn-against-pooping-onto-passing-trains/26899338#ixzz37Dbqw0If
Girl Didn't Remove Contact Lenses For Six Months, Went Blind After Bug Ate Eyeballs
Police to Use Urine Analyzing Port-a-Potties at Juggalo Gathering and Phish Summer Tour
Outrage: J.Crew unveils 000 sizing
Brazil congratulates itself for World Cup success
RCMP rewarding drivers for following the laws
Gỗ tự nhiên - Vật liệu tạo nên nội thất phòng ngủ cao cấp
California Oil Spill Turns Out to Be a Freakishly Massive Amount of Fish
Parramatta Eels Vs New Zealand Warriors Match Preview
Student: I was expelled from Oklahoma school for marrying another woman
Packers concerned that Brett Favre will get booed in Lambeau return
Workers at trendy brunch spot forced to poop in cup
Mass. police warn against pooping onto passing trains
MN Republican bases economic agenda on theory that sperm enzymes in anus causes AIDS
London Olympics: Is Drug Use Cheating? Professor Sam Shuster Claims Ban is 'Unjustifiable'
If Even One Person Believes Steven Spielberg Killed A Dino, It's Too Many
Internet outraged over photo of Steven Spielberg posing with "dead" dinosaur
Doctors Warn of Forgotten Baby Syndrome
Steven spielberg recieves shitstorm for "killing a dinosaur"
Nathan Fielder keeps sneaking pictures of a naked old man into his Instagram
Possible poltergeist turns out to be woman on 'meth rampage'
Steven Spielberg is a 'disgusting' dinosaur hunter, Internet says
Amazon snubs French free delivery ban with one-cent charge
Man found in woman's house wearing female swimsuit and robe claims to be her guardian angel
Nick Punto, Bob Melvin ejected after game-ending strikeout
18-YEAR-OLD FLORIDA TEEN KAITLYN HUNT ARRESTED AND EXPELLED FROM HIGH SCHOOL OVER GAY RELATIONSHIP; CHARGES PRESSED BY HER GIRLFRIEND'S HOMOPHOBIC PARENTS
Rotten-egg smell of farts could help battle heart disease and Alzheimer's
Federal agents find 2 live parrots hidden inside Elmo doll at US-Mexico border
University professor strips down to his underwear in class for an impromptu striptease to 'motivate students'
'Allah is watching...so clean up the kitchen' says snarky poster found in former ISIS headquarters
Royals TV announcer is convinced that the moon is actually a planet
Woman eats only pet food for 30 days to make a point
Y2K bug triggers army conscription notices sent to 14,000 dead men
UK to decriminalise crap weed
Fox News wins battle for most-false cable network
The Moon is Weightless. TIL!
Nude homeowner scares off burglar, burglar apologizes
Obama Cuts 5-Hour-Line for Barbecue in Texas, Infuriates World
Photo of Steven Spielberg with 'dead' dinosaur has internet outraged
Silent But Healthy? New Study States Smelling Farts May Prevent Cancer And Other Diseases
Tracy Morgan Sues Wal-Mart For Deadly Accident
Animals Can Consent to Sex with Humans, Claims Human Accused of Running Animal Brothel
Teacher suspended for twerking, lap dancing with students
Singapore libraries pull gay penguin book
Argentine Tears Anus making save in World Cup, v. Netherlands
Darwin Award: Boy Atop Double-Decker Starline Bus Slams Into Concrete Overpass On 405 Freeway
Police Drop Plan to Take Graphic Photos of Va. Teen as Evidence in Sexting Case
Edmonton man busted after selling drugs on Craigslist
Speed Dating Event Has Singles Cover Heads With Paper Bags to Find Out If Love is Blind
Seattle's attorney apologizes for taking bags of marijuana to the office
Escaped crocodile 'caused plane crash which killed UK co-pilot'
Man takes left foot on farewell tour before amputation
Virginia man claims African region as kingdom so daughter can be princess
John Lennon Clone to Be Extracted From Tooth by Crazy, Press-Hungry Dentist
Cancer Risk Reduced by Smelling Farts Study Suggests
Caught on Camera: Dog Robs Dollar General
Pilot died after crocodile escaped on plane
Woman Sues Pepper Spray Manufacturer After Can Found To Contain Silly String
Mum tells of shock as loom band dress passes £170,000 on eBay
Kendall Jones: Democrat Offers 100K For Nude Photos Of Texas Cheerleader
Pillow Fight Forces Evacuation of UNL Dormitory
Rosie O'Donnell, New Co-Host of 'The View', Killed an Endangered Hammerhead Shark
Some Internet Users Thought Steven Spielberg Had Killed a Dinosaur
Rosie O'Donnell, New Co-Host of 'The View', Killed an Endangered Hammerhead Shark For Fun
Finnish National Digital TV Broadcaster Starts Sending Bitcoin Blockchain
LeBron James Congratulates People of Cleveland on Having Him Back : The New Yorker
Police: Please Stop Pooping On Roofs Of Passing Trains
Video Depicts North Korea Triumphing at the Group Stages of the World Cup
Ed Sheeran named most powerful figure in black and urban music
Uxbridge Police Want People To Stop Defecating Onto Trains
North Korea media tells country that its team has reached World Cup final
Meat mess on upstate NY road stinks up cars
Big, blue carts have some customers red
'We're really sorry': US sends 14,000 draft notices to men born in 1800s
Send the National Guard to 'Chiraq'
Penny stock soars to $6B, and even the auditor is perplexed
North Korea in the World Cup Final vs. Portugal.
Plane with swastika banner seen flying over Long Island's South Shore angers residents
North Korean State Run Media Reports North Korean Soccer Team to Play in World Cup Final Against Portugal
13-year-old tried as adult because of penis size
Actor Dies in Death Valley
Va. girl, 7, pronounced a princess by father
People think Steven Spielberg killed a Triceratops
The New York Young Republicans Are Worried The Country Is Becoming The 'United States Of Gaymeria'
Kim Jong-il tells North Koreans they're in the World Cup final
Smelling farts can improve your health
North Korea tells whole country they reached the World Cup Final
Ed Sheeran named most powerful figure in black and urban music by 1Xtra
Police warn against pooping on trains from overpass
12-year-old faces elderly abuse charge for pinching grandmother
North Korea complains to U.N. about film starring Rogen, Franco
Raelians to fly swastika banners over major U.S. beaches on Saturday
FAN FALLOUT IN MIAMI: Screaming At Reporters, Vandalism, And Burning LeBron Jerseys
Smart's Gigantic New City Car Is Kind Of A Big Deal
Hot English Teacher Victimizes Two 18-Year-Old Males By Banging Them, Giving Them Beer
North Korea Close To Winning The World Cup
The FBI Says It Can't Find Hackers to Hire Because They All Smoke Pot
Va. man plants flag, claims African country, calling it 'Kingdom of North Sudan' Jeremiah Heaton claims an 800-square-mile swath of African desert, and names his daughter princess.
Animal Rights Activists Up in Arms over 'Slaughtered Triceratops"
Rolling Coal; Deliberately creating pollution to spite Obama
Lake Winnipeg should be 'recognized as a person,' says advocate
Retired Florida police captain charged with killing man in movie theater for texting released on bail
Restaurant employee finds 'GOD' in sliced eggplant
Make that hipster beard really pop!
Lawmaker: O.J. Simpson Costs Taxpayers $225,000-a-Year!
The Johnson City Cardinals lost the game then lost the bus driver.
10 Famous Celebs Who Have Killed People
Griffith, Banderas to Divorce
مسلسل ابن حلال الحلقة 15 كاملة
US: Conspiracy theorists actually think Michelle Obama is transgender after Joan Rivers joke
Swastika Banner Flown Over Beaches Sparks Outrage
Feds Send $106 Billion To The Wrong People
8th grade metal band lands $1.7 million record contract with Sony
Phương pháp ngăn ngừa nhiễm bẩn nhiên liệu cho xe nâng
North Korean news tells country that they've reached the final.
Man dropped trousers and underpants, exposing himself, in Leicester branch of Tesco to prove he was not shoplifting
Pope Francis: 'About 2%' of Catholic clergy paedophiles
Politician Explains Why Sodomy Is Causing AIDS Due to "Sperm Enzyme"
Mayor of Mexican fishing village "marries" crocodile
Minnesota House candidate makes AIDS, 'Gay Agenda' campaign issues
Dead body on gurney rolls out of Pa. coroner's van onto busy street after door unlatches
Mom arrested on suspicion of branding kids so she could identify them
Idaho Woman Who Gave Birth on Highway: 'I Had to Pull My Pants Down to Get the Baby Out'
Alekos Fassianos - a famous Greek painter
The People of Gaza and Israel Document Their Terror
Kansas man accused of feeding girlfriend "abortion pancake"
Fecal transplants: Odd, but effective against infection
Dead body on gurney rolls out of coroner's van onto busy street after door unlatches
Carpool DeVille, 'world's fastest hot tub' set for speed race
Argentina midfielder Javier Mascherano: 'I tore my anus'
68 Chihuahuas Rescued from Kentucky Home
68 chihuahuas rescued from western Ky. home
Corpse falls out of coroner's van onto busy Pennsylvania roadway
North Korea thinks it's in tonight's World Cup final
House Republicans Protect America From Efficient Light Bulbs, Low-Flow Toilets
The U.S. Just Sent Thousands of Draft Notices to Men Born from '93 to '97-1893 to 1897
One Big Reason The CIA Spied on Germany: Worries About Russian Moles in Berlin
Target security officer fired after reporting shoplifting
Verizon Vs. Netflix: Traffic problems are Netflix's fault
Jumping jack to become official Missouri exercise
North Korea to play in World Cup
Anadolujet Samsun - Ankara Bilet Alma Telefon
North Korea makes it to the World Cup Final
Pamplona bull runner wanted by police for 'taking selfie'
Man 'wins the Internet:' Photo of Steven Spielberg with 'dead' dinosaur sparks outrage
Chinese Couple Sells Children To Support Online Game Addiction
Nazis In Argentina Struggle With World Cup Allegiances
Portage ban provokes a very Canadian fight
Chrome Extension Plays Clown Music When You Read About Rob Ford
Va. man plants flag, claims African country, calling it 'Kingdom of North Sudan'
Cop tries to shoot dog, misses, hits 10 year old boy.
Virginia man claims land in Africa for daughter's birthday
Stephen Spielberg's photo with 'dead' dinosaur is outraging internet
Republican Thinks Obama's Mental Illness Caused Border Crisis
Bachelor party finds rare mastodon fossil in New Mexico
A standing-only section on planes could mean lower fares, study says
Elephants shield young from rockets
Attorney accidentally sues himself
Fight climate change by building away from sea: Rupert Murdoch
Fake North Korean news report shows World Cup triumphs over Japan, U.S. and China
US sends army draft notices to men born in 1800s
The TSA Is No Match For This Mad Scientist:Man Builds Deadly Weapons With Items He Bought AFTER Going Through Airport Security (x-post from /r/news)
Why the Police Drove By, Instead of Helping Her Is Dumbfounding
Hair weaves, eyelashes stolen from beauty store
Cook finds divine message in sliced eggplant
American claims African region as kingdom so daughter can be a princess
Study suggests smelling farts is good for your health.
UN Drug Report: Marijuana Legalization Will Increase Number Of Cannabis Users
#BBCtrending: Venezuela's airport 'breathing' tax
Canadians turned out in the hundreds to celebrate Germany's World Cup win
Man thought to be eating his own eyeball.
Young Chinese couple sells 2 newborns to buy in-game items
Virginia police plan to force 17-year-old boy to have an erection and snap photos - because justice
Berkeley City Council Votes Unanimously To Require Marijuana Dispensaries To Give Away Some Pot
Hamas Hackers Take Over Israeli Domino's Pizza Facebook Page, Hilarity Ensues
Dead body falls out of coroner van, lands in road
German Success Unravels Singapore's Anti-Soccer Betting Ad
Steven Spielberg, Jurassic Park Director Hunted Innocent Triceratops
Researchers say smelling farts could prevent cancer, other diseases
Police drop plans to photograph teen's erection
Check out how this Company puts a "convenient" twist on Cash for Gold and gets HUGE payouts!
Football fans in North Korea 'told their team will play Portugal in World Cup final'
Apple to Partner with Beats Audio
Scientists discover that atheists might not exist, and that's not a joke
The Tea Party Isn't a Political Movement, It's a Religious One
Berkeley Plans to Give Free Marijuana to the Poor
Clueless Man Claims Territory in North Sudan to Make Daughter Princess
Coolest cooler is actually pretty cool
Ed Sheeran named 'most important act in black and urban music'.
BBC Names Ed Sheeran Most Important Figure In Black And Urban Music.
Shock of Salford's 'bus pass matador' after £500k cannabis farm is discovered in the loft of his woodland mansion
Don't Laugh: Berkeley Plans to Give Free Marijuana to the Poor
The boy who was allergic to his iPad.
After Being Rescued From 50 Years Of Abuse, This Old Elephant Did Something No One Could Believe.
Get free likes and followers
Silent, not deadly; how farts cure diseases
Teenage survivor of Texas mass shooting turns to | Daily Digest News
Alien-Worshipping Swastika-Lovers Trolled Brooklyn Beaches Yesterday
German fans display emotion after winning World Cup
Man named Smoke accused of starting wildfire.
US church attempts to cure sufferers of AIDS, cancer and autism with bleach
US father takes unclaimed African kingdom so his daughter can be a princess
Swastika banner flies over New York beaches
Drama as woman discovers lover forgot 'his penis' in bed
Broke and unemployed, ex-dictator of Sierra Leone moves in with mom
Freddie Smoke accused of starting wildfire by illegally cultivating marijuana
Archie Andrews will be shot saving gay best friend from assassination attempt in final comic instalment
Minnesota Republican explains where AIDS comes from
Joey Logano not happy with 72-year-old driver who knocked him out of [NASCAR] race
New study says women who eat an apple a day might have better sex
YouTube users duped by spoof news broadcast announcing that North Korea made the World Cup final
Beyonce is subject of new college course
Amoeba Eats Out Eyeballs of Taiwan Girl who Continuously Wore Contact Lenses for 6 Months
Citigroup Lost $100 Million Because Ukraine Didn't Blow Up Enough
Freddie Smoke accused of starting California Wildfire by cultivating marijuana.
Edinburgh Trams stopped by balloons
Japanese woman arrested for sending 3D printer files of her genitals
None, none more black: Scientists discover 'alien' colour so dark the human eye can't see it
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer Pardons Anti-Mastubation Mascot For Public Masturbation
Man killed, two hurt in clash over cutting grass
Church of England finds some sympathy for the devil as it downplays Satan in bid to modernize
Swastika banner flies over Coney Island; beach-goers complain
Pamplona Cops: Do Not Stop for Selfies With Bulls
Barack Obama fist bumps Texas barbecue cashier for gay sex joke
Yes, Americans want bacon with that
Airbus wants to patent a way to guarantee you even less legroom (X-post /r/aviation)
Comic character Archie will die saving gay best friend
Closure of prostitution website costly for sex workers
Teenage survivor of Texas mass shooting turns to Harry Potter for comfort
Drought Shaming Pitting Neighbors Against Neighbors On Social Media
The Cleveland Browns will have a live dog named 'Swagger' as their new mascot.
German Players Celebrate by Kissing and Taking Selfies after Game: World Cup
Study: Smelling farts may be good for your health
Swedish judge was reported by the police for child pornography possession when recording evidence in court room
NSA: Releasing Snowden Emails Would Violate His Privacy
reddit SURRENDERS the FIGHT for OPEN INTERNET! Only files a "comment" with FCC.
Airbus wants to patent a way to guarantee you even less legroom
AZ Gov. Jan Brewer Pardons Anti-Mastubation Mascot For Public Masturbation
Smelling farts may be good for your health
Jennifer Lawrence on Playing Han Solo
Priest: World Cup Is A Homosexual Abomination Because Players Wear Gay Shoes
In the name of security, German NSA committee may turn to typewriters.
Virginia Dad seeks international U.N. recognition for African Kingdom of North Sudan. His daughter ,Emily, is the princess of the kingdom at 7 years old.
Tulisa's Nose Starts Bleeding While In Court For Dealing Cocaine
Kim Kardashian's Video Game Is On Track To Earn $200 Million
Dad Claims Kingdom So 7-Year-Old Can Be Real Princess
Sex on Chipotle's roof
Apparently This Matters: Death metal without oxygen
Ambulance hits cow, then bursts into flames
Russian menus, grapeless Jazz Salad and other top-secret cafeteria complaints from inside the CIA
An artist sent the NSA the world's most secure mixtape
Girl band singer pulls a number of fierce expressions during performance
Mom arrested for letting her 9 year old play at a park by herself.
Reggie Bush Weds Kim Kardashian Lookalike Lilit Avagyan
Russian Officials Accuse Marvel Comic of Being Violent Propaganda
'COPS LIE' license plate may lead trend on New Hampshire roads
A Republican Attacks His Republican Opponent for Being Rich
Couple Caught Having Sex on Chipotle Roof: Police
Pegasus Telefon No Sultanbeyli
Catholic priest who attended the Twelfth: it wasn't Protestant enough for me
Giant dead parrot unveiled in London to pay tribute to Monty Python
Elderly couple robbed by fake kitten buyers
[Local Council Candidate] donates $1M dinosaur skeleton to Creation Museum
Man in a coma after hitting self with hammer to protest Obamacare - family suing Obama because Obamacare is now paying for their $85,000/yr medical bill
Freddie Smoke Accused Of Starting California Wildfire while cultivating Marijuana
Woman throws guinea pigs at officers, police say
Citigroup to Get Tax Silver Lining in $7 Billion Settlement
Bar Punch in 2006 ruins Jesse Ventura's career
Two Australians gored in Pamplona bull run
Bar Punch in 2006 ruins Ex-Gov Jesse Ventura's career
Airbus Patents 'Bicycle Seats' That Look Terrifying For Airline Passengers
Can smelling farts cure cancer?
Corpse Falls Out Of Coroner's Vehicle, Rolls Down Road
In Two Days Archie Will Be Shot To Death Saving His Gay Best Friend From An Assassination Attempt.
Harvard Scientists Say That There May Be An Ancient Earth Inside Earth
Berkeley City Council Mandates Free Pot for the Poor
Man dies after jumping into bonfire at Utah festival
West Philadelphia, Reborn and Razed
GOP congressman who warned about unvaccinated migrants opposed vaccination
Who is on the UO public safety graveyard shift 'Bowl' list?
Comic Book Hero Archie Will Die Taking A Bullet For Gay Friend
LISTEN: Man Nearly Driven Crazy Trying to Disconnect Comcast Service
Archie to be shot saving gay friend in comic book
Road Melts from Yellowstone Volcano's Heat
Naked Israelis Forced Into Bomb Shelter During Air Strike Sirens
Kiss from Harry Styles gives mute girl back her voice, proves 1D star is basically Jesus
Poltergeist Under Couple's Bed Turns Out to Be Meth Head
The 5 Most Dangerous Guns in America
Halftime Entertainment Sends Two People To Hospital
STUDY: YOUNG WOMEN WITH SEXY SOCIAL MEDIA PHOTOS SEEN AS LESS COMPETENT
Cops: Couple had sex on roof of Chipotle in Delaware
Former Police Officer Mom Teams Up With Daughter To Make Bulletproof Backpacks
Cancer, Heart Disease, Stroke, Dementia? Study Says Common Bodily Function Could Keep 'Em All at Bay
North Augusta Mother Charged With Unlawful Conduct Towards A Child
Dads: Don't literally try to make your daughters princesses
Ford 'making a fool of himself,' former Washington mayor says
Billionaire's breakup plan would chop California into six states
Well this escalated qui--er, wait a minute.
Georgia's 'guns everywhere' law stirs controversy among students, teachers
Couple Caught Having Sex on Chipotle Roof
Police Heights serial pooper could be back
Man Dies In Hot Dog Eating Contest
Possible voodoo chicken head closes down Florida road
Werewolves kill herds of animals in Sibale island
Israelis Watch Bombs Drop on Gaza From Front-Row Seats
Filipino Child Who Woke Up at Her Own Funeral Pronounced Dead Again
Girl Who Woke Up at Her Own Funeral Is Reportedly Dead
Magic Johnson awkwardly congratulates Lakers on failed pursuit of top free agents
Soccer madness in America 'sign of the nation's moral decay'
Restaurant Finds that Smartphone Photos Have Doubled Table Times Since 2004
Couple buy home for £1, now it's worth £70,000
Man Makes Questionable Life Decision To Drink A Gallon Of Honey While Covered In Bees
New novelty toaster can burn YOUR face into bread
Germany 'may revert to typewriters' to counter hi-tech espionage
Meet the Man Who Gets Hangovers from Eating Bread
Get Ready For More Naked Athletes Than You Can Possibly Handle
Pat Robertson tells mother: Your son's stomach pains are caused by a witch ancestor
Games Torrents - Download Free Games Torrents
"Hey Remember When You Won The Nobel Peace Prize?" Palestinian Children Ask Obama
NEXT takes baby grow covered in 'penis drawings' off shelves
PEOPLE WHO CALL OBAMA WORST PRESIDENT SINCE SECOND WORLD WAR ALSO BLAME HIM FOR STARTING IT
Government Now Killing Owls to Protect Owls
Defending Dollhouses: American Children and Their Guns
Obama administration says the world's servers are ours
Tokyo-Based Artist Arrested For 3D Printing Her Vagina
Connecticut man arrested after stabbing watermelon
Vagina selfie for 3D printers lands Japanese artist in trouble
Ultra-Distance Runner Gets Struck by Lightning, Finishes Third Overall
The air sex world championships!
Cop killer's widow rages: He should've killed more cops
Comic character Archie will die saving gay best friend from assassination
Couple arrested having sex on Chipotle roof refused initial order to stop
Cops: Taco Bell worker nabbed for assaulting unhappy customer
China to grant 'more' press passes - but journalists must sign secrecy deal first
East Tennessee toddler saves man inside locked car
Connecticut man faces charges after a woman told police he stabbed a watermelon in a passive-aggressive manner
American dad stakes claim to African kingdom of 'North Sudan' so his daughter can become a princess
Adult Illegal Immigrants Posing as Children To Enroll in High School
Reporter stopped by TSA agent who didn't know District of Columbia is in US
Man arrested after "passive-aggressively" stabbing watermelon
Walmart planned for endangered forest lands in South Florida
Is an Employee of the Israeli PM's Office Spreading Propaganda on Tinder?
Parent Takes Infant to Mosh Pit
'I'm excited I was a part of it': Rays dugout astounded by miracle of water bottle physics
Chimps Attend 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' Screening
Springfield man arrested on gun charges after attempting to flee scene in wheelchair
SHOCK: District's 'critical thinking' assignment led at least 50 students to conclude Holocaust never occurred
GOP Freaks Out Because Democrat Used A Drone At His Gay Wedding
Scientists Are Beginning To Figure Out Why Conservatives Are...Conservative
stuffers are people that get fat on purpose
The jalapeño-grinding experiment that nearly caused the Sriracha apocalypse
Argentina president tells dejected team: I'm no soccer fan
Comic Character Archie Murdered While Saving Gay Friend
Man who won £70k libel damages from The Sun over paedophile allegations is jailed for child sex offences
Work punishes employees who pee too much.
Marvel's new Thor will be a woman
'Most Boulder thing ever'. Tube to work day continues to grow.
Archie Murdered While Saving Gay Friend
Miami Cop in Trouble after Pulling Over Speeding Driver, who Turns out to be internal Affairs Lieutenant
Woman tries to bite police officers
Thomaston Man Arrested After Stabbing Watermelon: Cops
Temple Professor Claims Aliens Have Abducted Millions of Humans
Man arrested in hot sauce arson
Lake woman critically injured by rock dropped onto highway
Ultrarunner hit by lightning finishes in 3rd place
Humpty Dumpty statue falls, doesn't survive
Threatening Maine Pig Strikes Again, and the Search Is On
US Customs stops giant snail invasion with fire
Native Americans KILLED AND ATE DUMBO - archaeologists
World Championship where people have to imitate sex actions and be judged. Aka "Air sex world Championships"
The Year's Best Film About Income Inequality Was Nearly Ruined by the 1 Percent
The 5 Most Dangerous Guns in America - Rolling Stone
ACLU, Insane Clown Posse Appeal Judge's Decision to Dismiss Juggalos' Case Against the FBI
Top 10 Most Accurate Nostradamus Predictions of all Time
A Guy Literally Bought A Part Of Africa So His Daughter Could Be A Princess
Los Angeles repels giant snail invasion with fire
Julian Assange and Eric Cantona work out together - what can it mean?
Marvel Comics announces on 'The View' that Thor will now be a woman
Tupac Musical fails to draw an audience...
Artist Arrested for Letting People Print 3-D Models of her Vagina
Police: Michigan woman pulls out shotgun 'to make a point,' accidentally shoots herself in the face
Japanese artist detained for trying to 3D-print her vagina into a usable Kayak
Andre Johnson Talks about his... Johson. I think he is still nuts.
Company limits bathroom breaks to 6 minutes a day
Want a good laugh? Go on cnn.com and see what passes for "news" these days.
VA Man Claims Kingdom of North Sudan to Name Daughter Princess
Airbus Plans to Replace Plane Seats with Bike Saddles
A-LISTERS TALK ABOUT THEIR FAVORITE PENS
Andre Johnson Talks about his... Johnson. I think he is still nuts.
Airbus seeks patent for bicycle-like airline seat
Wu-Tang Rapper Glad He Cut Off His Own Penis: 'I am a god'
Police officer of 3 years not familiar with Miranda, when he admitted to having sex while on duty
Now You Can Buy Jeans Ripped Up by Zoo Animals
West Edmonton Mall's fire-breathing dragon slain by repair bills
Funnybook Character Archie Andrews To Be Martyred For Gun Control/Gay Rights
Shonda Rhimes defends the long title of her new ABC drama -- 'How to Get Away with Murder' -- against critics who suggest that sometimes a title is too lengthy to easily use on Twitter and stuff
Reporter stopped by TSA agent who didn't know the District of Columbia is in the United States
Police: Man disputes DUI, claims dog was driving
Thor Will Now Officially Be a Woman in Marvel Comics
Breathing Farts is Good for You.
Connecticut man arrested for 'passive-aggressive' stabbing of watermelon
World's Oldest Ham Turns 112: Would it Be Safe to Eat?
Historic Oregon cheese vans stolen, then found, in Calif.
Atlanta police officer claims that he was not familiar with the Miranda warning.
Man cuts off his own penis in busy restaurant
Marvel Comics recasts superhero Thor as a woman
Man claims African land for daughter to become princess
San Jose Sharks Fans Protest Sexy "Ice Girl" Uniforms
"I'm Not Going To Let Those Girls Saying I Sexually Assaulted Them Make Me Feel Guilty For Sexually Assaulting Them" Bravely Proclaims Millionaire Pervert Terry Richardson
Woman throws guinea pigs at officers
Connecticut man accused of stabbing watermelon as threat to wife
Child who "woke up" at her own funeral has died
Coast Guard warns of port-a-potty floating in St. Johns River
Plan To Make 6 States Out Of California May Head To Ballot
Congresswoman to GOP Men: Bring Discussion 'Down to a Woman's Level'
Right-wing demonstrators in Tel Aviv wore neo-Nazi shirts
Police officers injured by man fleeing house with stolen electricity
UNKINDEST CUT! Furious wife goes after husband's penis with a KNIFE
Toddler helps save elderly man trapped in hot car
Facebook 'Friends' Its City, Pays for Officer
This life hack list is hilarious
Lonely Guy Turns His Shower Head Into A Girlfriend, Rest Of World Is Creeped Out
Autopsy: Keith Crisco died of heart disease
MSNBC: Republicans Won't Allow Hispanics to be White, Like They Did With the Irish
Japanese woman arrested for 3D-printing her vagina to create a KAYAK.
Man Arrested for Getting Weed Out of His Car Before It Was Towed
Japanese woman arrested for 3D-printing her vagina to build a KAYAK.
'Poltergeist' under couple's bed turns out to be knife-wielding meth addict
20 Pro Tip Life Hacks that will Literally Save Your Uninteresting Internet Dependent Life
Florida Church Bans Children to "Protect" Pastor Registered as Child Sex Offender
Comic book icon Archie to be killed off while protecting gay friend
Comic icon Archie to be killed off while saving gay friend
S. Korean military: Spongebob Drawings sparked army rampage
Video proves Houston-area mom did not abandon kids in hot car
Ex-ASU QB Andrew Walter offers booze, cigars and guns in exchange for campaign donations
Germany mulls using typewriters to combat US snooping.
Mom Jailed for Sending 9-Year-Old Daughter to the Park
Scientists Use MRI to Measure Precisely How a Woman's Butt Moves When She Sits Down
Arizona politician mistakes 'Y' campers for migrant children
Debbie Wasserman-Schultz: Coke and M&Ms gave me cancer
Reddit is on Wikileaks?
Japanese woman arrested for 3d-printing her vagina to make a kayak
Tennessee Toddler Saves Elderly Man Locked Inside Hot Car
Plan to split California into six states gets enough signatures to appear on 2016 ballot
Local author suggests campus tunnels lived in by little people.
UCF Mistakenly Assigns Freshmen to Live in Bathroom, Closet
Couple Loses 280 Pounds After Hurtful Comment from Family
American Claims Land In Egyptian Desert So Daughter Can Be Princess
Reviewer who coined "Manic Pixie Dream Girl" apologizes
Pilot mistake means pingpong balls rain on highway
Tokyo artist arrested for distributing her vagina via 3D printer
70-Year-Old Clerk Fights Off Would-Be Robber With Beer
Reid: Southern border is secure
Archie killed saving his gay friend
Stolen Cheese Vans Found, World Can Now Rest Easy
$200 square watermelons are selling, despite the price tag
German sausage cartel caught bangers to rights
mushafeier 2014 new leather suit female korean slim leather sheep leather jacket and long
The New Thor Is a Big Deal, But Not Because She's a Woman
Six Californias? Residents poised to vote on splitting up state
Man saved by laptop and passerby after crossbow attack
Scottish mayor steps down after getting banned from every pub in town
Man breaks into Kennedy compound, 'looking for Katy Perry'
Tattoo removal surges 440% over the last decade - MarketWatch
Man using spray paint, lighter to kill spider sets house on fire
Crowds protest BBC biased reporting
Man burns down house while trying to kill spider with lighter and spray paint
Ex-dictator Manuel Noriega sues Activision over 'Call of Duty' game
Israeli hospital treats Hamas PM Haniyeh's granddaughter
Starbucks Warns Baristas to Stop Making Record-Breaking Espresso Monstrosities
Samoan cabinet minister Tuisugaletaua Sofara Aveau composes a song to counter climate change
Pilfered Tillamook Cheese Cars Recovered: 2 arrested
A fake doctor has been jailed for performing catastrophic bottom enhancement surgery with superglue.
Texas judge busted for drunk driving pleads for special treatment: 'You are going to ruin my life'
2013 korean version of the candy-colored makeup bag holding a packet dumplings sweet lady purse large capacity
'Sure I'm balubas' - what drunk driver told gardai after she drove wrong way around roundabout
Airbus wants to patent the most uncomfortable plane seats ever
Belgian town is trying to chase away Gypsies by playing loud music. And there's a livestream. Really...
Heavy beats to blast out Roma travellers
British Mayor Resigns After Being Banned From Each of Town's 36 Pubs
Lottery Winner Must Share $1.7 Million Jackpot With Psychic Waiter
Nationalism runs rampant in World Cup Germany
Menstrual cycle prevents women from being Chief Minister of State, according to the lawyer of the Malaysian ruling party.
Eating non-vegetarian food makes one commit rape, says 'strictly' vegetarian minister
A Poltergeist Under Couple's Bed Was Actually A Knife-Wielding Meth Head Read more at TLR: A Poltergeist Under Couple's Bed Was Actually A Knife-Wielding Meth Head | The Libertarian Republic
Man allegedly robs girlfriend's bank on Valentine's Day to pay for engagement ring.
Princeton Professor Accused of Stealing Lawn Signs
CNBC's Climate "Expert": "Demonization Of Carbon Dioxide Is Just Like" Demonization Of "Jews Under Hitler"
A Poltergeist Under Couple's Bed Was Actually A Knife-Wielding Meth Head
man cuts his own penis off in busy restaurant
Giant hole appears at 'world's end'
£776m trams stopped by balloons on power cable
What's The Matter With Kansas And Its Tax Cuts? It Can't Do Math
Rashid Razaq: Jihadis, Magaluf and what it means to be British
Marvel's Thor has become a woman.
Toddler Saves Elderly Man Locked Inside Hot Car
SpongeBob Drawing 'Sparked Soldier Shootings'
Asheville's getting a raw foods cafe and yoga center
Man charged for shooting when cops went to wrong house
Rapper cuts off his penis claiming he is a god.
Rapper Andre Johnson explains why he severed his penis.
KKK Recruits New Members In South Carolina Using Bags Of Candy
KY boy raped by pastor church had hired because God 'forgave' past sex crimes
App warns users of imminent rocket attacks (in Israel)
Rob Ford 'is making a fool of himself,' Washington's former crack-smoking mayor Marion Barry says
Airbus files patent for bicycle-style seating on airplanes
Kentucky Church Hires Registered Sex Offender as Pastor; Man Now Faces Charges of Alleged Rape, Sodomy of 14-Y-O Boy at Church
I just want to love..
Ku Klux Klan Hands out Candy in South Carolina
AZ Rep. Adam Kwasman Mistakes YMCA Campers for Migrants
North Korea News Agency Declares World Cup Victory in 8-1 Win Over Brazil
Seattle Man tries to kill spider, Sets house on fire instead
My fitness bracelet is making me fat.
Man Tries to Kill a Spider and Ends Up Burning His House Down
Why the Klu Klux Klan is delivering bags of candy in South Carolina
Man trying to kill spider causes $60,000 house fire
Seaplane almost lands on whale
Man torches house trying to kill spider
I mortgaged my house to lengthen my penis
Ex-Dictator Sues Activision Over Call of Duty: Black Ops 2
DEA Gave Recovering Addict Crack-Cocaine for Undercover Work
Lawsuit: DEA paid New Mexico man with crack
Interactive changing rooms at new 'plus size' store will play compliments to shoppers trying on clothes
Miss Russia contestant facing cruel taunts of being 'too ugly' to win the title.
Feds To Open $50 Million dollar resort for Illegal children
Belgian town blasts music to drive Roma away
Seattle man tries to kill spider, sets home on fire instead
KKK Gives Out Goodie Bags to Recruit New Knights
The Church of England doesn't want you to worry about the devil
Really 'lovin' it'? Get married at McDonald's like Hong Kong residents
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West hire €630k body double for baby North
Man trying to kill spider sparks $60k fire
US citizen accused of travelling to Australia to kill ex-wife's husband with crossbow and axe
Illegals Arrive in Bus and Shop at Walmart With EBT Cards
Three police officers respond at 2:30am for a loud bird report
Man trying to kill spider sets house ablaze; $60K damage
Watch Chimps Watch Dawn of the Planet of the Apes: In No Way Could This Come Back to Haunt Us
Chimps Watch Dawn of the Planet of the Apes: In No Way Could This Come Back to Haunt Us
Should Pedophiles Be Allowed To Use Child Sexbots?
McDonald's Is Becoming A Popular Wedding Venue In Hong Kong
KY boy raped by pastor church had hired because God 'forgave' past sex crimes: police
Kentucky Boy Is Raped After His Church Hires Sex Offender Pastor God Had 'Forgiven'
Mrs. Obama declares war on Chick-fil-a
Carbon Dioxide Suffers Just Like Jews In Nazi Germany, 'Expert' Says On CNBC
Man sets Seattle home on fire while trying to kill spider
While searching Mr Bolinger's phone and computer, police found indecent images of children with titles including "dinner; one in, one waiting", "the BBQ", "the BBQ2" and "the BBQ3"
Don't give them ideas! Safari park boss takes his two young chimps to see the Planet of the Apes movie - and says they can follow the plot and even bark at the bad guys
Actual chimps attend Dawn of the Planet of the Apes screening
Man tries to kill spider, lights house on fire
Germany busts sausage cartel
Former Panama dictator Manuel Noriega is suing Activision for putting him in Call of Duty
Americans Say Jews Are the Coolest
GOP Candidate Mistakes YMCA Kids For Migrants, Describes 'Fear In Their Faces'
GOP Congressional Candidate Mistakes YMCA Campers for Migrant Kids
Arizona politician mistakes YMCA campers for migrant children
Woodstock comes to Provo
Arizona protesters mistake busload of YMCA campers for immigrant children
GOP congressional candidate confuses bus filled with school kids headed for YMCA with a bus transporting illegal immigrants
Government Wants Talking $30K Shopping Carts to Tell Food Stampers to Eat Healthy
'Harry Potter' Books Brainwashed Millennials To Elect President Barack Obama, New Study Says
Pro-swastika banner doesn't fly with New York beachgoers
Man Claims Part of Africa to Make Daughter a Princess, Fight the NSA
Arizona politician, protesters mistake YMCA campers for immigrants
Man claims kingdom so daughter can be princess
Man attempts to kill spider, burns down house instead
After 15 Years of Involuntary Whistling, Wil Wheaton Gets a Second Wind
Was Broadway Not Ready for a 2Pac Play?
Ariz. politician mistakes campers for migrant children
Monty Python Hangs Enormous Parrot Sculpture by London Bridge, Insists It's Still Alive
Seattle man trying to kill spider sets house on fire
Impatient Chinese Tesla owner decides to build his own charging stations
Nigerian put in mental hospital for atheism
Man sets house afire trying to kill spider with lighter, spray paint
PETA Reminds StarCraft Players That Zerglings Have Feelings, Too Read more: http://www.peta.org/blog/peta-starcraft-zerglings-feelings/#ixzz37esPCWub
Laughing gas vendors - having a laugh at the law's expense?
French blogger fined over review's Google search placing
Former dictator Manuel Noriega sues Call of Duty publishers for portraying him as a kidnapper, murderer, and enemy of the state.
Toothless man bites roommate for not cleaning his ear
Overzealous Arizona Republican mistakes YMCA campers for Central American immigrant kids
Man Sets House On Fire By Trying To Kill Spider With Spray Can And Lighter
Homeless protest against bad cellphone reception in Brazil
Jeans 'Designed' By Lions And Tigers To Benefit Japanese Zoo
Arizona politician mistakes a bus full of YMCA kids for undocumented immigrants
Filipina toddler who woke up at her own funeral Mass is dead again
Hill hopeful mistakes YMCA kid bus
Charges: Toothless man bites roommate for not cleaning his ear
Church hires violent child rapist because "God forgave him", he then rapes boy.
Japanese Artist Arrested After Turning 3D Rendering of Her Vagina Into a Kayak
Couple arrested having sex on Chipotle roof
Man tries to kill spider, starts house fire
Man tries to kill spider, burns his house down
GOP governor implements GOP economics, disaster ensues
Comcast Reaches New 52-Week High After Analyst Upgrade stating "Comcast was a far better run company than TWC..."
Republican Mistakes Busload of YMCA Campers for Migrant Children
Man Arrested for Carving Watermelon in "Passive-Aggressive" Way
Feds to house illegal immigrants at multimillion-dollar hotel
Man starts fire using 'blowtorch' to kill spider
Taylor Swift is the closest thing to Michael Jackson today
Taliban debate merits of Islamic State's caliphate announcement
Dishwasher capsules to get nasty taste to stop toddlers eating them - See more at: http://dutchnews.nl/#sthash.Dt5IjtcQ.dpuf
Jeremy Kyle attacked with pepper-spray by Magaluf nightclub bouncer 'because he thought TV presenter was making the resort look bad'
Tea Party Candidate, Protesters Besiege Bus Of YMCA Campers Mistaken For Migrant Kids
FCC Collects 677,000 Net Neutrality Comments, But Janet Jackson's Nipple Got Way More
Albany & Troy are the 4th & 5th most exciting places to live in NYS
Man Blows Entire Life Savings On Carnival Game
Taxi drivers hope 'charm school' will improve business
BNP youth threatens to disown dog over penis licking
Women are better represented on Afghanistan's national legislature than America's
Thomaston man charged after stabbing watermelon
[X-post from /r/worldnews] "NSA: Releasing Edward Snowden Emails Would Violate His Privacy" US News reports
Black Women Speak Out Against White Gay Men For 'Stealing' Their Culture
Former Dictator Sues Call of Duty Game Maker for Using Manuel Noriega Character
Chimpanzees watch 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' - and give it two thumbs up
Have you ever noticed that giant penis on the Milkybar?
North Korean embassy in London racks up £200,000 parking fines
Roles reversed: 3-year-old boy saves man trapped inside hot car
Mother is jailed for 4 years for falsely claiming boyfriend had raped her 14 times
40-Year-Old Mother of 2 Realizes Dream of Becoming NFL Cheerleader
Chinese city bans, destroys matches to fight terror
Mother Heather Gibson jailed for 4 years for falsely claiming boyfriend had raped her 14 times
Man set house on fire while trying to kill spider, causing thousands of dollars worth of damage
Crackdown on French restaurants serving microwave meals
Santorum: Free world at stake in Kansas governor's race
English soccer team cancel preseason tour after being left with only eight players
Romanian princess Irina Walker pleads guilty in federal cockfighting case
Police Beat, Stun Deaf Man After Confusing Sign Language With Threatening Gestures
40-year old mother of 2 earns spot on 2014 New Orleans Saintsations roster
Pepsi-Cola to Release New Flavor This Summer
Keep contact lenses clean, doctors warn after amoeba eats through eyeballs
Politician, protesters confuse campers with immigrants
Man arrested after stabbing watermelon in 'passive-aggressive' manner
My town has made it illegal to sag your pants.
Man shot, killed at Graceland Too by owner
Puerto Rican water mite named after Jennifer Lopez
Man sets house on fire using make shift blow torch trying to kill spider.
Arizona politician mistakes campers for migrant children
Feline facial recognition will make your cats less fat
Imprisoned former dictator Manuel Noriega sues Activision over Call of Duty character
John Daly, SpongeBob paired at British Open
Japanese artist arrested after 3D-printing her vagina
Noriega Sues Video Game Maker Over Portrayal in Call of Duty
Google Street View Images Catch Robbery Suspects In The Act 3 Years Later.
Princeton Professor: We Treat Carbon Like "Demonization of the Poor Jews Under Hitler"
There's Now Facial Recognition Software for Cats
Man sets house on fire while trying to kill spider
kids have donuts stolen in knifepoint robbery
Armed offender steals haul of Krispy Kreme doughnuts from Adelaide teenagers
Bush's substitute speaker: Hillary Clinton
Working Mom Arrested for Letting Her Daughter Play Outside
University of Oregon security made a "bowl of disks list"
Man burns house down while trying to kill spider...with a blowtorch
Great white shark probably choked to death on sea lion, authorities say
Manuel Noriega sues Activision over Call of Duty
Why These Women Think White Gay Men Are Stealing From Black Female Culture
Teens Murder Friend Because They 'Didn't Like Her'
Krispy Kreme bandit steals kids' doughnuts at knifepoint from new store
The California Town Invaded by Feral Peacocks
Israeli PM buys Twitter promotion to spread propaganda on Gaza massacare
Game of Thrones' Hodor Announces DJ Tour "Rave of Thrones"
Booze and Chinese food: Indian politicians explain the causes of rape
Mark Levin is an angry man! He hates anyone who disagrees with him.
Fatwa authorizes 'anal jihad' for ISIS terrorists far from home
Mother shot dead at anti-gun violence rally in Brooklyn
Arizona politician protests bus of YMCA campers he mistook for migrant children
Man tries to kill spider, burns down house
Man Burns Down House Trying To Kill Spider With Homemade Flamethrower
Portland police chief said he learned many lessons about diversity at white male retreat
Photography firm's 'digital slimming' of university graduation pictures outrages students
Students condemn photography company that offers 'digital slimming' and 'smile enhancement' to thousands of graduates
Poland shows little appetite for the naked mystery shopper as customers fail to bat an eyelid as she queues for a sandwich in busy shop
Giant penis appears on Milkybar, stuns chocolate fan.
Man sets fire to house trying to kill spider
Weird Al Spoofs Lorde's "Royals": Also, wild fires in Washington State are threatening hundreds of homes.
UK data watchdog broke data law, says UK data watchdog
German thieves steal 300,000 litres of beer
Manuel Noriega sues over 'Call of Duty' video game
Family Behind Hobby Lobby Has New Project: Bible Museum
French Court Criminalizes Food Critic's Google Success
WH: We've 'Substantially Improved the Tranquility of the Global Community'
Marseille on alert as hungry wild boars invade
"Referee, is this the final?" says Kramer, a World Cup winner minutes after his head injury. The referee arranged a substitution after this. [German article]
Minecraft developer teases character model update with three-pixel arms
Dress Made Out Of 20,000 Loom Bands Sells For $291,000 On eBay
North Wales friends tell of £47 loom bands dress that's selling for £156,000 (Dress Made Out Of 20,000 Loom Bands Sells For $291,000)
Fake screener probes passengers at SFO
Fianna Fail Senator: 'Dublin seagulls have lost the run of themselves completely and must be stopped'
'Pastafarian' wins battle to wear colander on head in official pictures
Man finds penis printed on Milkybar, Nestle say it's just a horse
Egyptian Cleric: Muslim Brotherhood authorizes 'anal jihad' for lonely terrorists
Seattle house burns down as man tries to kill spider
The FBI Is Afraid Criminals Will Use Google's Driverless Cars For Freeway Shootouts
Irish Senator says 'seagulls have lost the run of themselves'
Italy: AWOL Catholic Priest Arrested At Cocaine Party
Michael Gove 'got stuck in Commons toilet'
Nationals' Anthony Rendon: 'I don't watch baseball - it's too long and boring'
Teen 'too fat for Instagram'
Ku Klux Klan recruiting with candy in South Carolina
Endangered Florida Forest Will Be Destroyed To Make Room For Walmart And Chick-Fil-A
Impaired driver switches seats with passenger to avoid arrest forgets passenger is also drunk [x-post from /r/niagara]
Impaired driver switches seats with passenger to avoid arrest forgets passenger is also drunk
P Diddy sued for $1 trillion and accused of causing 9/11 attacks
Gaoth Dobhair priest forbids yoga
Seattle Man Sets House on Fire Trying to Kill Spider
7/16/2014: A day which will live in Magic Online infamy.
Fianna Fáil: Our 'Garth Brooks Bill' could be passed by tomorrow
Ku Klux Klan Now Recruiting With Subpar Candy
Australia shark 'chokes on sea lion'
Romanian princess admits running cockfighting ring in Oregon
Three year-old rescues man from hot car
Belarus: Army goes to press to find lost drone
Shots fired in robbery of gravy fries
Fake TSA Screener Probes Women, Until San Francisco International Airport Security Wises Up
Company Offers Bonuses for Employees Who Don't Use Bathroom During Work Hours
Hoax video of Lake Ontario shark has residents avoiding swimming
Man sets house on fire to kill spider.
Man burns down home in attempt to kill spider
Vanilla fudge ice cream links burglar to crimes
Jason Terry calls out Kings, Gay, Cousins
Nestle Apologizes for "Penis" Shaped Candy Bar
Scientists name Puerto Rico water mite after JLo
Marvel is replacing Steve Rogers with the new, black Captain America
Drunk Guy Arrested After Impersonating a TSA Agent to Grope Women
Malaysia Airlines Jet Missing Over Ukraine
Chinese man delays subway with a cardboard box to pee
Malaysia Airlines plane shot down by missiles: Ukraine
Everyone Thinks Airbnb's New Logo Looks Like A Vagina (Except Airbnb) [Updated]
Jamaica's anti-gay protesters are trying to duck the 'homophobic' label
Police Pursue Bearded Man Who Allegedly Robbed Malden Bank Dressed as Woman
Couple having sex 'in plain view' on floating tubes in the Muskegon River
Humpback whale almost humps a plane
Drake got his wittle feelings hurt cause he a big time LOSER
Washington State Man Causes $60,000 Fire Damage to House Trying to Kill Spider With Makeshift Blow Torch
Camden County adult bookstore allegedly sold sex in back room
Shooting Owls to Save Other Owls
Nicky Morgan calls constituent 'typical man' for questioning her anti-gay marriage stance
Malaysia Airlines Jet Crashes in Ukraine, May Have Been Shot Down
Seattle based man sets his house on fire trying to kill a spider
Biden: We Tried Change In 2008 'And It Didn't Happen'
Mayor Rob Ford loses daily sobriety coach detail, injures baby toe
Westboro Baptist Church Releases Parody Of Panic! At The Disco's "I Write Sins..."
Cops: Arrested man ordered 5 pizzas to police station
Tracy McGrady Retires from Baseball After Throwing First Career Strikeout
Oregon Campus Police Sued Over Extensive "Eat a Bowl of Dicks" List
Wynne concerned over Lake Ontario shark hoax
Todd Akin: 'I should have said legitimate case of rape'
Chinese Villagers Give Up Farming to Build Giant Transformers From Old Car Parts
Edward Snowden says NSA workers often pass your nude photos around the office
Snowden reports NSA employees intercept, share private nude photos
Malaysian Airlines, Malaysian government say they have no information about any airliner crash
Japanese Artist Megumi Igarashi Arrested for 3D Printed Artwork Based on Her Vagina (nsfw)
anti-Semitic assholes reveal the ugly underbelly of my quaint little Long Island town.
BNP Youth leader Jack Renshaw complains on Facebook about his gay dog for challenging his 'principles'
Baseball Player Doesn't Watch Baseball: "It's Too Long And Boring"
Man tries to kill spider with blowtorch, sets house ablaze
Breaking Bad sequel starring Val Kilmer and Slash
Self Defense and the Realities of Police Response Times | The Truth About Guns
Random drunk guy successfully poses as TSA agent, gropes two
Man sues topless bar near Goose Island in son's drowning
Saudi king granted doctorate from Egypt's Al-Azhar
'Honest Gil' tries to bring truth to Kentucky's Senate race
I know there's more to it, but still... Great job AOL.
Mexican politician proposed an anti-meme law
Corbin, Ky. police: Arrested man ordered 5 pizzas to station
Todd Akin: Some of my staff 'conceived in rape'
The KKK Is Using Candy to Lure New Recruits
Woman who shot lover over poor sexual performance released on bond
Only ground operation in Gaza will secure peaceful summer for children in South Israel
MN GOP candidate: 'Knocked up' women don't deserve dinner, dancing at their wedding
Anthony Rendon thinks baseball is boring
Study: Rhode Island accidentally decriminalized prostitution, and good things happened
Experimental stem cell treatment causes woman to grow parts of a nose on her spine
Chipotle: We communicate with pigs via telepathy!
Senator wants Minister to tackle 'raucous' and 'cheeky' seagulls
Dear White Gays: Stop Stealing Black Female Culture
Juggalos Are Officially Gang Members
North Korean defectors 'promised apartments and jobs if they return'
Life Imitates 'Breaking Bad:' Man, 64, Accused Of Running Meth Lab In Upscale Westchester Town
Marvel shakes things up with new African-American Captain America
Washington state says marijuana brownies OK, but no lollipops
'It looks like it may be a terrible tragedy': Obama goes AWOL again with just 40-second mention of Malaysian plane crash ...before his jokey 16-minute transport speech
Fisherman caught masturbating in Fishing Creek, cops say
FBI warns driverless cars could be used as 'lethal weapons'
2014 spring new female winter woolen shorts casual pants big yards boots pants show thin woolen shorts shipping
Microsoft to end Android smartphones
2014 spring and summer women outdoor leisure pants army green pants cropped pants women dress pants
Wu-Tang Rapper Glad He Cut Off Own Penis: 'I am a god'
Principal Calls Student Racist Because He Wore White, Made 'W' Sign During SCHOOL SPIRIT WEEK
Conan O'Brien Calls Out Stephen Colbert For Ripping Off 'Masturbating Bear'
Man who used 'blowtorch' to kill spider is left homeless after burning down his house
Al Qaeda and ISIS go to war - on Twitter
Passenger posted joke about plane disappearing as he boarded jet
Wu Tang rapper says he cut off his penis 'to be a god'
Help fund the new Kickstarter project: Anastasia a Sequel to Breaking Bad with Val Kilmer and Slash
Man charged with shooting friend in botched test of bulletproof vest
2014 new fashion korean dress wide girdle elastic waistband elastic women windbreaker jacket belt
Child Sex Robots Could Be Used to Treat Paedophiles
Breaking Bad sequel starring Val Kilmer and Slash now accepting your donations
Former Panamanian Dictator Manuel Noriega Sues Over Depiction in Call of Duty Game
After class lesson - 3 - PT-BR
Former funeral assistant caught posing as a Russian officer in Eastern Ukraine
Nigerian President Seeks $1 Billion Loan To Fight Boko Haram Terrorists
Guy Pulls In $40K, Quits Day Job by Selling Shirts That Say 'DICK BUTT'
First man to buy pot in Spokane loses job | Spokane/E. WA
ISIS's Terrorist Recruitment Videos Rip Off Canadian Tourism Ads
Non-Human DNA Discovered During Biopsy Of Ötzi The Iceman
Airbus files patent for saddle seats on planes
FedEx indicted for drug dealing. Not a delivery guy - the whole company.
Putin: If MH17 Crashed in Ukraine, It's Ukraine's Fault
Những loại quả giảm cân tốt nhất
Ardilla mordió a chiquito para quitarle un popi (Squirrel bit little boy to take away his lolly pop) (Spanish)
Snowden: NSA employees routinely pass around intercepted nude photos
Rhode Island accidentally decriminalized prostitution, and good things happened
Fake Airport Security Screener Tricks Women Into Pat-Downs
Fake TSA Agent Gropes Female Passengers
BNP Youth Leader Jack Renshaw Complains about 'Gay' Pet
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 passenger Cor Pan's last Facebook post proves tragically prophetic
North Carolina cops nab suspects in brazen dino heist
London sees explosion of kittens as hot weather makes cats horny
Halal whale meat on menu as Japan tries to boost Muslim tourism
NWA biopic makers apologise following accusations of racist casting call
David Cameron and Jean-Claude Juncker greet each other with a 'high five'
GOP candidate wants to open up drilling in Yellowstone National Park
Parents angry as condom-shaped ice cream with biteable tip sold to children.
UK's Cameron, EU's Juncker 'high five' and make up
vary spring winter fashion large size dress young mother thin models down jacket hooded short down jacket
Boeing 777 of Malaysia Airlines most likely shot down by Ukrainian troops
Festival Flyers Have Residents Asking If 'Straight White Guy Festival' Is Real Or A Joke
Guy Finds Wasp Nest Full Of Dead Spiders In His Wall, Resists Burning Home To The Ground
'My wife dresses provocatively, exposes boobs, buttocks -Husband tells court
Cake Boss and friends rescued from boat stranded in thick fog
Bull on the lose in live traffic, in Toronto.
KKK Recruiting Kids By Handing Out Candy
Suicide mistaken for mannequin, trashed
Coon Rapids house with hundreds of snakes passes inspection
Man burglarizes El Pollo Loco, returns to order lunch, police say
Author Of Excellent 'Stop Being Gay' Book Arrested For Molesting Teen Boy, Allegedly, Again
Hit-and-run suspect rips off lingerie and exposes himself
This is the second time in a week that Marvel has changed up its universe. On Tuesday, the company announced that the new Thor will be a woman.
Wife cuts off husband's penis, again.
Worst or best news ever? Fried Chicken Oreos are not real
Man Who Committed Suicide Mistaken For Mannequin Hanging In Garage, Taken To Landfill
Father of 22 unfazed by displacement, only interested in getting fourth wife
Guantanamo Bay Officials Just Figured Out That Olive Oil Is a Terrible Lubricant
Detroit elites declare: "Water is not a social right" (x-post r/politics)
Boss must split lottery winnings with an employee because the employee had a dream about them winning the lottery together.
North Korea submits letter of complaint to White House over "The Interview" | NK News
Suicides on the rise in Yolo County
Boehner: True Americans Do Not Call Our Friends "Lumps"
Bus Blunder: Arizona GOP Member Mistakes Campers For Migrant Children
Advice for foreigners on how Britons walk
Inmate Charge With Murder Files Complaint Over Jail Towels, Meals
Phoenix police standoff ends when man wakes up
Is Justin Bieber drinking a beer? Star, 20, appears to be holding an alcoholic drink at LA party
Obese women 'show signs of food learning impairment'
Dublin seagulls 'have lost the run of themselves', Seanad hears
In Most Addison Move Ever,TGI Friday's to Open Across the Street from TGI Friday's
Washington state gives the green light to marijuana brownies - but not lollipop pot
Arrest Climate Change Deniers
Tipping perpetuates racism, classism, and poverty - let's get rid of it!
Zimbabwe's tourism minister reveals ambitious plan to host Fifa World Cup in 2034
Tim McGraw rep: He swatted fan to save his pants
NJ Teacher Asks Students to Bring Semen Stained Tissues to School for Art Project
Zimbabwe to bid for World Cup
A Man Left His Wife On A Sandbar Because She Caught Him Blowing A Dude
Jason Biggs defends 'joke' about Malaysia Airlines
Putin's Approval Rating Reaches Record High in Russia
There's going to be a marijuana scavenger hunt in High Park, apparently
Kia Recalls Nearly 52,000 Souls to Fix Steering
Attacks in Israel weigh heavily on lacrosse team
NSA Workers Might Be Sharing Your Nude Photos
Edward Snowden Says NSA Workers Pass Around Your Nude Photos
Someone paints hindu symbol on sidewalk in small town: local police station launches full investigation into the vandalism and citizens feel uneasy
1 Hour After being Released Jeremy Meek Was Killed By His Wife
Federal Health Experts Plan to Turn Our Shopping Carts Into Computerized Versions of Michelle Obama
Sheriff: Suspects beat man with bat, but call cops when he fires gun
Man attempts to rob restaurant fails. Returns for lunch in same outfit.
Giant rubber duck lost in China Flood
'Mannequin' dumped at Florida landfill was 'mummified' man
US: Flyers for 'Straight White Guy Festival' distributed in Ohio
6-Foot-9 Rapist Arrested After Washington Heights Attack. Police Say
Hamas is committing massive self-genocide to its women and children
Bielema: "He's gotta great...great ass"
Israel is the Jimmy Savile of nation states abusing Gaza's children says Alexei Sayle
The KKK Is Handing Out Candy To Try And Recruit New Members In South Carolina
Tommy Wiseau (Creator of "The Room") Is Releasing a TV series he Filmed 10 years ago
Man Gets Locked Up, Orders Pizzas From Cell
Boss must split half of his lottery winnings to an employee who had a dream about him winning the lottery.
Police: Woman gets friend to beat her to frame ex-boyfriend
Guy Files Dishwasher User Manual As An FCC Comment On Net Neutrality
Authorities identify mummified remains of woman in Detroit suburb
Nigeria tops happiness survey
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood Clerics Sanction 'Anal Jihad' for Lonely Militants Fighting Far From Their Wives
Bebo Founder Michael Birch Sends Cease And Desist To Airbnb For Infringement On "Genital Marketing"
Woman shoots lover over 'bad sex'
SpaceX Will Deliver 40 'Mousetronauts' To The Space Station
Crips gang pledges to aid New Jersey Police
Man Gets Locked Up, Orders Pizza From Cell
You can now inhale shots like air for just $700
Bud Light's advertisement blatantly targeting young teens
Casey Kasem's body missing from funeral home, daughter's rep says
California couple conserving water amid drought could face fine for brown lawn
Mothers of all Palestinians must be killed: Israeli MP
Child Dies In Golf Cart Crash
Fart Bottle Roulette keeps Texas Rangers pitchers entertained
My Jesus is bigger
Man sets home on fire trying to kill a spider
Man accused of molesting puppy undergoing testing
Husband details sexual dissatisfaction in spreadsheet, emails to wife at work
Erdogan accuses Israel of attempting a 'systematic genocide'
Man swallowed by hippo during African river mauling lives to tell the tale - NY Daily News
Hamas Attacks Israeli Soldiers with Explosive Donkey
School excludes pupil from end-of-year trip because she missed ONE day to go to mum's funeral
Come fry with me
Conservatives Attacked Obama Over 23 Dead Americans on Malaysia Airlines-Who Didn't Exist
Cumbrian chip shop burglar snared by sausage
Airbus's folding saddle seat could be the cattle-class future for cheap flights
Trash Hauler Unloads in Deadbeat Customer's Driveway
World's First High 5 Discovered in Obscure French Film
New Toyota minivan lets parents use built-in microphone to scream at kids in back seats
Teacher Faces Prison Time After Asking Students to Bring in Semen-Stained Tissues for an "Art Project"
Justin Bieber Drank a Beer and Jumped Off a Cliff
Man Accused Of Burglarizing Fried Chicken Restaurant, Returning For Lunch
Alleged El Pollo Loco Burglar Arrested After Returning To Scene Of The Crime For Lunch
Malaysia Airlines MH17: Rebel Commander Claims Victims Died Days Before Crash
Two Adelaide Teens Were Robbed At Knifepoint For Their Krispy Kreme Doughnuts
Woman sues 11 year old boy for assaulting her with his baseball. ..at a baseball field
Britain First Fail Dismally In Attempt To Get Leader Arrested, Say He's Been Arrested Anyway
Pro-life nurse sues Family Planning Center for not hiring her to not do a job
11 year old boy is sued because husband is suffering "loss of services" from his wife after the kid "assaulted" her with his errant baseball.
Pro-Life Nurse Sues Family Planning Clinic for Not Hiring Her to Do the Job She Refused to Do
McDonald's burger hailed cheapest, most nutritious food ever
Lightning kills an entire football team
NHS Blood and Transplant Look: Bedworth school excludes pupil from end-of-year trip because she missed ONE day to go to mum's funeral
Look: Bedworth school excludes pupil from end-of-year trip because she missed ONE day to go to mum's funeral
With nation's school lunches fundamentally transformed, Michelle O eyes 'talking shopping carts'
200,000 People Sign Petition To Move A Depressed Polar Bear To Canada
The new "Big Bang Theory"
New Toyota minivan makes it easier to yell at kids
Call to install missile defence systems on commercial planes in wake of MH17 tragedy
It's time to end the taboo on talking about accidental bowel leakage
Russia spotted editing Wikipedia page about downed Malaysia Airlines jet
Westboro Baptist Church make Homophobic Panic! at the Disco parody, "You love sin what a tragedy"
Japanese Artist Megumi Igarashi Arrested Over Vagina Kayak
Police track down bald woman after finding wig in car at the scene of car crash
Dogs also casualties of MH17
Postwoman chased after 2,000 bees escape from parcel she was delivering.
Congresswoman bravely stands up for ISPs' rights to deliver inferior service with no competition
Sno Cone Joe Busted For DWI
Man Uses Spreadsheet to List All the Times His Wife Turned Down Sex (Wife Posts it on Reddit)
Pro-Russia rebel commander suggests passengers died days before Malaysian flight
Man Uses Spreadsheet to List All the Times His Wife Turned Down Sex
Meet the former Sin City prostitute who traded 'glamor' for God and now runs a charity called Hookers for Jesus
Pilot Lands Same Plane on NY Highway for Second Time in Eight Days: Police
KKK drops recruitment candy bags in Oconee Co. neighborhood
Arrested Man Orders Pizza to Police Station, Gets in More Trouble
Donkey suicide bomb stopped by Israeli troops in Gaza
App where users can only message the word "Yo" raises $1.5 million at a $10 million valuation
Cobras Appear To 'Protect' Sleeping Human Baby, And We're Completely Freaked Out
Casey Kasem's body was missing.
Irish politician pulls down Israeli flag at children's sailing event
Patriots' Rob Gronkowski Plans to Play Whole Season
Chicago Cubs sue fake mascot accused of getting into bar fight
Yo Raises $1.5M In Funding At A $10M Valuation, Investors Include Betaworks And Pete Cashmore
An experimental stem cell treatment lead to a woman accidentally growing a nose on her spine
Casey Kasem's body is missing, lawyer says
US teen may face jail time for child porn after taking photos of his own penis
A shopping mall in China opened extra-wide parking spots for women because they "had trouble with navigating standard width spots"
Woman Skips Forgery Sentencing With Fake Doctor's Note
David Rees and Blackwing Pencils: Artisanal Pencil Sharpening
Ass bombers: Israel complains of Hamas donkey-terrorists
Man Leads Police on High Speed Chase on Rosemount Police Training Track
Liposuction in Los Angeles
New Toyota minivan lets parents use built-in microphone to scream at unruly kids in back seats
California couple faces fine for brown lawn after complying with water-saving rules
Plus-sized parking spaces for Chinese women drivers
Witnesses tell Edmonton police man spontaneously combusted; investigation underway
Police kit out patrol car with rainbow colours to reach out to LGBT community
Local City Board Actually Votes to Look Into 'Chemtrail' Conspiracy
Man Accidentally Sets His House On Fire Trying To Kill A Spider With A Homemade Blowtorch
Michigan woman shoots man over bad sex
Wisconsin chief who allegedly signed tea party leader up for gay dating sites to be charged
Economists agree: Raising the minimum wage reduces poverty
BNP Youth leader criticises own 'gay' dog on Facebook for 'challenging his principles'.
Power plant bomb scare actually a mosquito trap
Obama 'Ordering Burgers Medium-Well While World is Falling Apart'
Hello Kitty dictionary leaves mum horrified with gruesome description of South African "necklace" murder
South African schoolboy aged NINE marries 62-year-old woman
Man wakes up on fire in Edmonton home, witnesses call it spontaneous combustion
North Korea appeals to Whote House to prevent release of comedy film.
North Korea Threatens War Over New Seth Rogen Comedy
Gangs draw up lists of girls to rape as proxy attacks on rivals
Male nurse with cannibal fetish 'groomed girl, 14, online to meet, kill and eat'
Officer in fatal NY arrest stripped of gun, badge [and placed on desk duty]
US cigarette maker Reynolds hit with 23 billion-dollar damages award
Israelis blow up donkey they claim was strapped with explosives by militants; air strikes pound Gaza raising death toll to 333 as UN chief heads to the region
Man burglarizes El Pollo Loco, returns hours later to order lunch, police say
New San Francisco billboard warns workers they'll be replaced by iPads if they demand a fair wage
Real Madrid soccer superstar Cristiano Ronaldo's mom: 'I wanted to abort'
Parasite in Cat Shit Could Help Cure Cancer
Social Justice Advocate Commits Suicide Over White Guilt
Kremlin-backed insurgents now claim Malaysia Airlines plane was carrying corpses
'Dead' girl wakes up in coffin during her own funeral
Heineken to sponsor new European competition (that replaces Heineken cup)
Man's dream of fourth wife spoiled by Pakistan army assaults - Pakistan's ongoing military operations shatter the dream of father of 36 children
Truth about the news and MH17
Christian Radio Host Says Obama Politicized MH17 to Normalize 'Sexual Deviancy'
Fla. woman told she'll have to buy back her stolen camera from pawn shop
YouTube Blocks Original RickRoll Video
Selina Gomez asked to clarify her position over the Israeli-Palestinian conflict
112 year old ham still edible
Star Wars Ewok dwarf actor caught on camera snorting cocaine and necking out-of-date booze
Russian residents condemn U.S. & Ukraine for shooting down MH17
Snorting coke and drinking cheap out-of-date lager: The 4ft 4in-tall actor who played an Ewok in Star Wars admits: 'I need help'
Man uses "blowtorch" to kill spider, sets house on fire
Latitude Festival introduces yoga and jogging for 2014
Pit bull alerts sleeping Indiana boy to fire
MH17 Bodies Were Removed by Rebels Being 'Humane,' Borodai Says
17 Year Old Girl Stuck by Lightning While Masturbating
Husband sends wife spreadsheet to tabulate denied sex
Denver Broncos finally re-watched Super Bowl XLVIII
Jewish doctor thrown off JetBlue flight for accusing Palestinian woman of having bomb
Snorting coke and drinking cheap out-of-date lager: The 4ft 4in-tall actor who played an ewok in Star Wars admits: 'I need help Read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/newSnorting coke and drinking cheap date lager: The 4ft 4in tall actor who played an Ewok in Star Wars admits: "I need help"
Bible-banging motorist lets Jesus take the wheel, immediately runs over motorcyclist.
Single-A baseball GM volunteers to get prostate exam while singing "Take Me Out To the Ballgame" if 10 year old with brain cancer gets 10,000 likes on her FB page.
China Floods Cause Giant Yellow Rubber Duck to Disappear
LeBron Congratulates People of Cleveland On Having Him Back
Apparently it's okay to post naked photos to Facebook, as long as you're not a woman
Burglar takes Pepsi and soup from Annapolis home
MK Feiglin: End the 'Misplaced Pity' That Endangers Our Soldiers
Massive golden toad shows up after giant yellow duck goes missing
Victims of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH 17 Stuck in Limbo
Guizhou's Giant Duck Disappears Just as Giant Toad Appears in Beijing
'Longest' Fossilized Poop Drops at Auction House.
Could cat feces help cure cancer?
Michigan woman shoots lover because 'he didn't produce enough ejaculate' during sex
Florida jury awards $23.6B in damages to wife of chain smoker
This Teenager Is Getting Harassed After Her Smiling Selfie At Auschwitz Goes Viral
Residents looking to conserve water, evade water-wasting fines now painting grass green
SARAH PALIN: WHY AREN'T ILLEGALS SENT TO MARK ZUCKERBERG'S NEIGHBORHOOD?
Woman Convicted Of Shooting Lover Over Poor Sex Performance Granted Bond
Someone is opening a real-life version of the Krusty Krab restaurant from Spongebob Squarepants
GM offers to get prostate exam during game
Spanish naturist paradise bans nudity by mistake
Iraq vet cited for owning therapeutic ducks
Israel-Gaza conflict: Netanyahu says Hamas using rising death toll to make Israel look bad
Selena Gomez Clarifies Her Stance On Israeli-Palestinian Conflict
South African boy, 9, marries already-married woman, 62
WORLD CUP TROPHY DAMAGED AT AFTERPARTY
Are Child Sex-Robots Inevitable?
New Toyota minivan equips parents with mic to make it easier to yell at unruly kids in the back
Appleton bar ends 'Lingerie Night' after kidnap attempt
Could a child sex robot treat paedophilia?
Voodoo Priest's Primate Skull, Dead Bats Confiscated at Airport
Iraq vet cited for owning 14 therapeutic pet ducks
The Cornish beaches where Lego keeps washing up
Circumcision does not promote risky behavior by African men
Local Woman Prints iPhone Photos Leaving Friends and Family Shocked
Indian family discovers nanny was renting child to beggars
Floyd Mayweather calls out reporter over Justin Bieber question: 'That's racial profiling'
Nanny sedates baby, 'rents' him out to beggars
76 Year Old Vetern Arrested for Asking Public Official to Speak Louder
76 Year Old Veteran Arrested for Asking Public Official to Speak Louder
The Virginia Man Who Crowned Himself King In Africa Is Much More Serious Than You Think
Long before 'Planet of the Apes,' there was 'The Ape that Went to College'
2 Chimps React to Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Screening
Turns Out Smoking Hookah Will Kill You After All
Judge Says Abortion Makes Incest Okay, And Incest Is Fine Because It's Like Homosexuality
Wingnut Nurse Sues Family Planning Center For Not Giving Her Job Just Because She Says She Won't Do Job
Female driver is suing a dead boy (that she killed) and his family for causing her depression, anxiety, irritability and post-traumatic stress (of killing a said boy.)
Flock of seagulls brings court to a standstill
Homelessness now a crime in cities throughout the U.S.
Heroic tourist robbed while rescuing drowning man from river
Man Arrested 14 Nights In A Row
Vladimir Putin breaks silence on MH17 crash: "let's not politicise this tragedy" he says
Malaysia Airlines diverts flight from Ukraine to Syria
'Distinctive penis' forces ex-welfare director to admit sex: Crown attorney
Avoiding Ukraine, MAS plane flies over Syria instead, says Flightradar 24
97-Year-Old Says He Was Kicked Out Of Napa Retirement Home For Playing Music
Putin: Tragedies Like MH17 Should 'Bring People Together'
Here's What Happens When Cellphone Users Get Their Own Lane On The Sidewalk
Nude Beach Blow Job Jet Ski Fight Leads to Wife's Death
'Pastafarian' man wins right to wear colander on his head in driving licence photo.
Man caught in affair at nude beach a suspect in wife's death
Cops Arrest Snake For Scaring Washington Square Park
Campers in Vancouver park give city an eviction notice saying land is unceded
Black and white is the new orange? Sheriff buys jail jumpsuits after orange becomes 'cool'
With Ukraine route off-limits, Malaysia Airlines plane flies over Syria instead
To Save These Pigs, Ky. Farmer Says We Have To Eat Them
12 years for Tallaght resident who tried to kill wife with kettlebell
Marx's anti-capitalist work sells for $40K
Thief takes good TV, leaves reject
Woman Shoots Boyfriend Because He Didn't Ejaculate Enough
Open Letter to John McCain
Stroke victim fined £80 for littering after cigarette falls from her trembling hand
South Philly Smells Like Cat Pee, And It's New Jersey's Fault
Are Black Superheroes Good For Black People?
Yolo county, California is in the midst of a Whooping Cough epidemic, thanks to parents not vaccinating their children. Cases have jumped 216%.
Right-wing youth leader threatens his 'gay' dog on Facebook: 'Don't challenge my principles'
Nurse who refuses to prescribe birth control sues birth control center for not hiring her.
Lucie Roussel, mayor of La Prairie, dies after wasp attack - Montreal
'My entire house has been stolen': Romanian arrived at his holiday home to find it had disappeared and a field of corn had been planted in its place
BNP Youth Member Jack Renshaw Has Principles Challenged By His 'Gay Dog'
Creationist Ken Ham calls to end space program because aliens are going to hell anyway
A ROMANIAN MAN'S HOUSE WAS STOLEN AND REPLACED WITH A CORNFIELD
Prison sheriff bans orange jumpsuits
MSNBC Contributor Criticizes MSNBC On MSNBC For Air Time Given To Palestinian Voices
Thousands of women, accused of sorcery, tortured and executed in Indian witch hunts
There is no such thing as Ebola
Joe Biden Once Looked At Putin And Said 'I Don't Think You Have A Soul'
Luxury Apartment Building Will Have Separate Door For Poor Residents
Pro-Life Nurse Who Won't Prescribe the Pill Sues Family Planning Center for Not Hiring Her
Upper West Side condo to have separate entrances for rich and poor tenants
NYC Approves Apartment Building With Separate Entrance for Poor People
NYC gives the green light to the building of apartments with a 'poor door'
Florida jury awards $23.6B to widow in smoking lawsuit
Huge response after bomb training device left on Kent bus
Hopkins to Pay $190 Million for Secret Pelvic Exam Video
Oppenheimer homeless camp: First Nations members issue eviction notice to Vancouver
Fred Durst to direct E-Harmony commercials
Girl, 11, banned from school trip because she took day off - to attend mother's funeral
Dear Beachgoers, There Are Now Testicle-Eating Fish In Florida
Fort Knox could house immigrant kids
Tony Dungy Says He Wouldn't Have Drafted Michael Sam Because 'Things Will Happen'
These Quadcopter Dropships Could Land Rovers on Mars (Video)
Husband creates SPREADSHEET of wife's excuses for refusing to have sex with him
Trending: Attractive People Sharing Upbeat News About Tibet
UK cannibal plots to eat teenager
Russia demands condemnation of mercenaries' activity in eastern Ukraine
Iraq vet cited for owning 14 pet ducks.
Creationist Ken Ham: Aliens Will Go to Hell; So Really, Why Fund NASA?
NYC gives green light to the building of apartments with 'poor door'
Woman Runs Herself Over With Her Car in Waltham
The FBI "came up with the crime, provided the means, and removed all relevant obstacles" to create terrorists post 9/11
Apple completely changed Control Center in iOS 8 beta 4 - here's what it looks like
Fancy Upper West Side Building Will Have Separate Door for Poor People
Boy, 9, marries 62-year-old mother of five for second time
UCF Campus Shooting Survival Class Attendance Low, Despite Foiled Massacre
Report: University of Wisconsin-Madison mulls 'diversity-based grading'
Pro-Life Nurse Sues Family Planning Clinic for Hiring Discrimination
Tulisa drugs trial: Was Tulisa targeted for being 'a chav'?
Cannibal Fetish Nurse Tries to Meet and Behead Girl.
North Korea to build underwater hotel in East Coast city of Wonsan
Woman Caught When She Posts Stolen Dress Selfie on Instagram
N.H. Market Basket Runs Out of Poultry, Offers Beer Instead
NYC Lets Developer Build Apartment Complex With Separate 'Poor Door'
Ocala bans sagging pants on city-owned property
Man sues pizzeria for thwarting his robbery attempt.
North Korea appeals to White House to halt release of US comedy film
What is the appeal of 'real life' simulators?
BlackBerry says its square phone is stealing back iOS and Android users
Nitrous chargers to be only lasting relic of human civilisation
Working-Class Slobs Must Enter NYC Apt Complex via "Poor Door" and Face Street; Elites Enter via Private Entrance and Face Waterfront
Vladimir Putin has no soul, US Vice President says
Michigan sheriff gets rid of orange jumpsuits because they are too 'cool'
Husband Throws Wife Off Of Jet Ski After Fight Over Oral Sex: Cops
Google gives lift to S.F. homeless-shower bus
Russia's U.S. standing plummets, still more popular than Congress
Sheriff Replaces Jail's Orange Jumpsuits Because Orange Is The New Black Made Them Too "Cool"
George Harrison Memorial tree killed by beetles
Rob Ford more popular with black voters than Obama, Doug Ford claims
Shark sightings off US state a boon for tourism
Luxury New York Condo Will Have A 'Poor Door' For Lower-Income Residents
Pelosi: Amend the First Amendment
Alex Jones calls Michelle Obama "first tranny"
With 92% of Coal Ash Still Coating North Carolina River Bed, Duke Energy Declares Cleanup Complete
Nurse won't prescribe birth control, sues because she didn't get a job that requires prescribing birth control
seventh commune 2014 spring pullover sweater new korean couple lovers hooded jacket hoodies women
Teen Wants Everyone to Stop Bugging Her About Smiley Auschwitz Selfie
Chase ends as man runs directly into Mississippi Police Academy
maya di new wave of summer 2014 was thin waist women's shorts women's shorts women's casual dress shorts xiaxi
Abortion Practitioners Are Haunted by Dreams of the Children They Aborted
Americans Cared Twice as Much About Janet Jackson's Nipple as They Do About Net Neutrality
Ken Ham wants to end the U.S. space program because the aliens are all going to hell
George Harrison Memorial Tree killed ... by beetles; replanting due
Parents Rank Their Obese Children as "Very Healthy"
8-Bit Pixel Sunglasses Implore Everyone Around You to Deal With It
Angry Conservatives Turn On Ted Cruz For Giving Toys To Kids
The Indian government pledges to build 5.2 million toilets by September
Duffy billed taxpayers for attending funerals, RCMP allege
French Fries Scattered On Highway In Utah Accident
Australian Senator's ideal man is well-hung
After Ukraine, Malaysia Airlines Is Now Defending Itself For Flying Over Syria
Chatham drug addict Richard Tarrant jailed after 'using umbrella as sword' in raid on flat in Luton Road
Israel defense force should be given the Nobel Peace prize
DMX Discusses Eating Dog Food
Driver pulls over on motorway thinking car is on fire - turns out it's just Adele on the radio
Australian Senator asks a 22-year-old male, 'Are you well-hung?'
BNP LEADERSHIP DISMISSES CONCERNS ABOUT YOUTH MEMBER'S 'GAY DOG'
Totes amazeballs added to the dictionary, because YOLO
Somalia: Senior Al-Shabaab leader takes part in a 'Quran Quiz' in Mogadishu
Russian government edits Wikipedia on flight MH17
Town threatens jail for wearing low slung trousers
MaaProperties - Tenancy Management
IRS seeks help destroying another 3,200 hard drives
I want a 'well-hung' man with 'heaps of cash', says female Australian MP
North Korea Is Not Pleased: Dance Video Features Kim Jong Un
Kendall Marshall thanks Chipotle for his time with the Lakers
U.S. neighbourhood vandalized with baked goods
Dicks finds women's football 'refreshing'
'How to Survive the Running of the Bulls' author Bill Hillmann gored in Pamplona
Voice of Thomas the Tank Engine quits over contract dispute: 'I feel so bullied'
Creationist Ken Ham Says Aliens Will Go To Hell So Let's Stop Looking For Them
Giant Rubber Duck Swept Away in Flood
Alberta woman dines and dashes... but forgets her purse
George Harrison Memorial Tree Killed by Actual Beetles
Man says no to sex for 12 months and raises £50,000 for charity
Melbourne Man Gives Up Sex For a Year; Donates £50,000 in Charity
Beatles George Harrison memorial tree killed by beetles
George Harrison Memorial Tree Overrun and Killed By Beetles
Wife Dies After Accusing Hubby of Gay Encounter
Woman Lets God Drive Car, God Immediately Runs Down Guy On Motorcycle
'Millionaire' caught begging in Saudi Arabia
Michigan Jail Switches Prison Jumpsuits after Success of OITNB (Orange is the New Black)
Barkley debuts new one-armed swing, finishes dead last
George Harrison Memorial Tree Destroyed by Beetles
The Beatles' George Harrison memorial tree killed by beetle infestation.
A mall in China unveils pink, women-only parking spots that are wider than normal
Kanye West Reworks New Album to Make It Less 'Beautiful'
40 Mexican bishops are taking an 'intensive' exorcism course
Three men "testing" bulletproof vest in basement. One dead and another charged with murder. Police say drugs and alcohol were involved. Cross post r/wtf
Putin Toughens Punishment For Public Calls For Separatism
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry Checked By Security Before Meeting Egypt's President
Worf is going to hell.
Parking spots for women open up in China
Pregnant Woman's Dumb Selfie Gets Her Arrested (VIDEO)
EXCITED WOMAN THROWS HER ARTIFICIAL LIMB AT ROBBIE WILLIAMS' IMPERSONATOR
China 'seals off' town after man dies of bubonic plague
Pete Coors Confused By Craft Beer Growth
Kerry, aides checked by security at Egyptian presidential palace
Driver: Adele's 'Fire' Song Made Me Ditch Car
'Straight White Guy Festival' supposedly set for Ohio park
Minivan's microphones allow parents to yell at kids in back
Family considers killing 10-year-old daughter after mullah rapes her in Afghanistan mosque
ISIS Forces Iraq Shopkeepers to Veil Mannequins
Thomas the Tank Engine had to Shut the Hell Up to Save Children Everywhere
David Lynch designs a sportswear collection for women
Kid Rock ordered to produce dildo in ICP sexual harassment lawsuit
Israeli ambassador to USA: IDF deserves Nobel Peace Prize for 'unimaginable restraint'
Pile of dog poop lands man in jail
Strippers sue San Diego police over 'nearly nude' photos
George Harrison Memorial Tree Killed by Actual Beetles | SPIN
City gets a 'No Cell Phones' walking lane, for now
IDF deserves Nobel Peace Prize for 'unimaginable restraint'
Woman runs over motorcyclist after taking the song "Jesus Take The Wheel" literally
Bet on killing a head of state and make $bank$: CIA program to better anticipate future via input from [random] individuals. academic/journalist couple this with the NSA and massive data collection please. Am I alone in remembering this and coming up with an absurdly obvious deduction.
Florida city bans sagging pants on city-owned property
Man who helped kill woman's pro soccer dies while playing soccer.
Woman arrested after posting selfies in stolen dress
India: 85-year-old ex-teacher fights off thieves, makes them do sit-ups in police station
Teenage son discovers his deceased father's ghost car in Xbox rally game | Motoramic
Chinese army shows off dancing robots
Britain just decriminalised online game piracy
Israeli academic: raping Palestinian women would deter attacks
Border Agent Points Gun At Boy Scoutt For Taking Pictures At Border
Female teacher accused of using grade threat for sex
Portland parents fight Christian 'extremist' club trying to 'harvest' kids at public parks
Manchester woman can't get deceased husband's name off health plan
More young Australians can recite Daft Punk pop hit Get Lucky than the national anthem
Queen's horse Estimate fails drugs test
Mysterious UFO Signs Baffle Residents of East Aurora, NY
A SENATOR called for swift action to clamp down on unruly seagulls after the birds tried to abduct a "startled" woman's pet Chihuahua.
Unmanned bulldozer drives over 46-year old man.
Brazil contacted a group of indians never seen before.... and we gave them the flu.
Irish café bans 'loud' Americans
Children Exposed To Religion Have Difficulty Distinguishing Fact From Fiction, Study Finds
High-Heeled, Leather Crocs Not Best Idea In Retrospect, Company Admits.
Vladimir Putin abolishes 'daylight savings' time change
Queen Elizabeth's Racehorse Fails Drug Test
QB Christian Ponder names his daughter after his coach Bobby Bowden
Prominent Cleric Denounces Muslim Brotherhood's 'Anal Jihad' Practices
George Harrison memorial tree in California eaten by beetles
Eddie Overholt, Elderly Veteran, Arrested For Asking County Officials To Speak Louder
Evander Holyfield is being inducted into the Nevada Boxing Hall of Fame. Mike Tyson, the man who bit off a piece of his ear, is presenting him.
Children exposed to religion have difficulty distinguishing fact from fiction: researchers
Dermer: IDF deserves Nobel Peace Prize for 'unimaginable restraint'
Malaysia Airlines flight flies over war-torn Syria to avoid Ukrainian airspace
Pregnant woman arrested after posing on facebook in stolen dress
UK Man Builds World's Biggest Fart Machine in Giant Butt, Aims it at France
QUICK MODS ARE ASLEEP POST PICTURE OF ONION
MH17: Malaysia Airlines flies over Syria instead of Ukraine
Man sues pizzeria for injuries during robbery attempt
Former Congressman Blames Obama For Ukraine Plane Crash
Israeli PM's psychiatrist commits suicide, note says Netanyahu had "sucked the life right out of me."
Dicks appointed Ladies manager
Pregnant NHS boob job model Josie Cunningham furious after pound shop 'pulls out of deal to sell DVDs of her baby's birth'
Drought Means More Business for Grass-Painting Company
Multimillionaire killer charged for urinating on candy at drugstore
Semi carrying Bee Hives crashes, shuts down interstate.
Man charged with killing his girlfriend was 'playing' with gun on a trampoline, mother says
Meet Brazil's Justin Bieber Funk-Singing Look-alike, MC Biel
Guy builds biggest fart machine ever to fart at France with it
Man builds 'biggest fart machine ever,' plans to aim it at France
Previously Uncontacted Tribe Have Contracted Influenza
Boy banned from local donut shop
Sixth-Grader May Have Stolen Credit For Marine Biologist's Lionfish Research
Border Sheriffs Perplexed by Rick Perry's Plan to Send 1,000 Troops to Stare at Mexico
A city in China has banned and destroyed match boxes to fight terror attacks
Comcast's customer losses are slowing, which is no surprise since it's so hard to leave
Israeli Professor: Rape Hamas Militants' Mothers and Sisters to Deter Terrorist Attacks
After 150 Years of Rolling Them, Tampa Is Close to No Cigars
Israeli ambassador to U.S. says IDF deserves Nobel Peace Prize for "unimaginable restraint"
Tennessee woman told "ILVTOFU" is too vulgar for vanity licenses plate
Half a Million miles on a Ford Focus fails to impress Ford Dealership where it was bought.
Border Patrol Points Gun at Boy Scout for Taking Picture, Threatens Arrest
Small town school library bans thousands of books without oversight.
Remember the Texas Judge busted driving drunk last week? Yeah, well...she gets to keep her job.
Thousands Of Books Removed From Racine Unified Schools
Suspect Suing Pizzeria Workers For Tackling Him, Taking Gun
Russian State Media Says CIA Shot Down Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17
Nemo Dies in Blender for Controversial Greenpeace Ad
Pine tree planted near Griffith Observatory in honor of Beatles legend George Harrison killed by beetle infestation
Doughnut vandals plague Oregon neighborhood, investigation continues
Racist Man Slaps & Spits at Elderly Black woman, Called Her Rosa Parks, He Didn't Realize That She Was A Cook County Judge!!!!!
Coolio Partners With PornHub.com To Release New Music & Videos
Teenage son discovers his deceased father's ghost car in Xbox rally game
NYC Officials Approve 'Poor Door' Separate Entrance for Low-Income Tenants
$90.8M in financing for "SoBro" tower
10 Summer Style Tips (From A Fashion Editor Who's Going Through A Painful Divorce)
Is Your Relationship With Fido on the Rocks?
Man dives from moving car to avoid arguing with girlfriend
Cowell trolled over £90,000 Israel gift: X Factor mogul sent images of dead children on Twitter after he donated money to soldiers' organisation
Urban youth sues for injuries sustained while robbing Pizzeria
Husband fined for spiking wife's drink with Ritalin
This Metalhead Has Been Elected President of Indonesia
Judge Kozinski: Bring Back the Firing Squad - "Sure, firing squads can be messy, but if we are willing to carry out executions, we should not shield ourselves from the reality that we are shedding human blood." (x-post /r/truereddit)
China censors reports as former President Jiang Zemin compared to giant inflatable toad
Israeli judge quits after saying girls enjoy rape
Hot summer could wipe out Goth population
Light-rail: Dope or Nope? Coolio says yes
Judge Kozinski: Bring Back the Firing Squad - "Sure, firing squads can be messy, but if we are willing to carry out executions, we should not shield ourselves from the reality that we are shedding human blood."
The Queens racehorse has failed a drugs test
What to do if your dog eats its poo
Dutch paedophile club to fight their ban at the European Court of Human Rights
denim overalls cute female korean tidal loose denim shorts strap piece shorts summer shorts large yard
Congressman Vows to Investigate Google Searches of 'America' Movie
Married man sees doctor about stomach pain, discovers he's a woman
LeBron James, after returning to Cavaliers, sends neighbors cupcakes to apologize for 'chaos'
the new seven wolves sent to punch pin buckle leather belt men belt leather belt men's classic simplicity
Creationist Ken Ham Wants to Defund NASA Because He Says Aliens Cannot Go to Heaven
Sarah Palin busted speeding in Alaska, blames Sammy Hagar song
Mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik 'renounces violence' on anniversary of Norway massacre
Ron Dermer, Israel's ambassador to the United States, said his country's army should be given the Nobel Peace Prize for how it has fought in Gaza.
Wisconsin man admits robbing bank so he wouldn't go to jail
Welsh police force adds marked tractor to crime-fighting fleet
Beatles memorial tree killed by beetles
2 New York Infants Get Herpes From Controversial Circumcision Rite
Donut capers stymie police in Oregon
Michigan inmates to get black-and-white striped uniforms. Orange is now too cool, sheriff says.
Tree Planted To Honor Beatle Is Killed By Beetles
LeBron James sent cupcakes to neighbors as a apology gesture after fans swarmed his home in ohio
LeBron James sent cupcakes to neighbors as an apology gesture after fans swarmed his home in ohio
Marine Biologist Accuses 6th Grader of Stealing His Idea
Veteran Gets Locked Inside VA Facility While Waiting for Doctor
Jon Stewart Launches $10 Billion Kickstarter to Buy CNN
Hello Kitty Dictionary Defines Necklace as a Weapon To Kill In South Africa
2-Year-Old Boy Kidnapped, Killed By Group Of Chimpanzees In Western Uganda
Many Kids Who Are Obese Or Overweight Don't Know It
British inventor builds giant 'fart machine' to fire at France
Ted Cruz: 'True Blood' Sucks
U.S. Vice President Biden says Putin has no soul
Area Woman Still Can't Stop Thinking About Sandra Fluke's 'Totalitarian' Vagina
Man Says He Robbed Bank to Stay Out of Jail
ISIS to Shopkeepers: Mannequins Must Wear Veils
Meet these ROMEOs: Retired Old Men Eating Out
Men charged with handing out free cocaine samples
Congress is officially less popular than the worst 'Star Wars' character ever, Jar Jar Binks.
Dutch military plane carrying bodies from Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash lands in Eindhoven
Kid Rock Summoned to Produce Glass Dildo in Insane Clown Posse Lawsuit
Coolio Plans To Release New Music Through Pornhub
The Internet Should Have Killed Weird Al. It Only Made Him Stronger
Kid Rock Subpoenaed To Produce Glass Dildo As Evidence In Insane Clown Posse Lawsuit
British Inventor To Aim The World's Largest 'Fart Machine' At France
Darth Vader is polling higher than all potential 2016 presidential candidates
Ted Cruz takes bite out of HBO's 'True Blood'
Caring hands: man becomes Canada's first male doula
NRA Floats Idea Of Kids Needing To Show Gun Proficiency "To Advance To The Next Grade"
New York City police express anger at reaction to choke hold death
Many Obese U.S. Kids Think They're Thinner Than They Are
Leonardo DiCaprio spotted partying with 25 models, source says
A modest proposal: Judge asks if firing squad and guillotine are preferable to lethal injection
"Heroin dealers welcome" as western PA town faces police disbandment
Dutch mayor wants Vladimir Putin's daughter Maria deported
Kim Jong-un tries to ban dancing viral video
Coolio Set To Release New Music Through Pornhub
NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio Does it Again -- Eats Pizza in Italy With a Fork
Royal Baby's First Year Widely Considered Disappointing
Michele Bachmann: Why Isn't Anyone Speculating That I'll Run For President?
Straight White Guy Festival Sparks Controversy
EPA Office of Water Is Caught Playing Kim Kardashian Mobile Game
Border Patrol Agent Draws Gun on Boy Scout-Over a Photograph
Fancy Upper West Side Building Will Have a Separate Door for Poor People
India doctors remove 232 teeth from boy's mouth
Sarah Palin's Budding NASCAR Career Cut Short by Speeding Ticket
Police called after Sri Lankan Commonwealth cycling team spotted cycling on motorway
David Lynch turns fashion designer with a sportswear collection for women
ISIS tells Iraqi shops to veil mannequins
French politician compares dead Gaza child to halal meat
911 dispatchers overwhelmed by 'butt dials'
Doughnut-Wielding Vandals Terrorize Neighborhood
Who are the donut bandits? Vandals leaving baked goods smeared over cars and stuck on wipers
Midwesterners Alarmed to Discover Their Ice-Cream Sandwiches Refuse to Melt
Anti-runners choose to sit out Couch-to-5K
Snoring defendant charged with alleged serious assault
Lebron James Sent His Neighbors Cupcakes To Apologize For All The Ruckus In The Neighborhood
People Keep Trying to Sneak Guns Into the US Capitol
19-year-old bisexual party girl says she went to Magaluf to have 25 orgasms a day
Man drives truck into firehouse, ignites fire
Commonwealth pupils confuse Angela Merkel with the Queen
Duran Duran Are Suing Their Fan Club
The argument for eating dog
Man Driving Mercedes Killed Peacock With Pellet Gun
Family Asked To Leave Southwest Flight After Tweet
China Is Brewing Wine From Tiger Bones
Weird Al Finally Hits No. 1 With 'Mandatory Fun'
Man tries to kill a spider, ends up burning his house down
Marine biologist: 6th-grader stole my idea
Kid Rock Has Been Ordered To Turn Over His Glass Dildo In Insane Clown Posse Case
This MP Wants People Who Steal World Of Warcraft Weapons To Be Punished Like Real-Life Thieves
Listen to 911 call of Seattle fire: So I was trying to kill a spider
Is this the worst ever view from a bench in Leicester?
Sierra Leone's chief Ebola doctor contracts the virus
David Lynch is now designing women's sportswear!
Wisconsin man robs bank to stay out of jail
Fat face? It may be worth a bigger sign-on bonus
Kid Rock subpoenaed to produce glass sex toy in Insane Clown Posse lawsuit
Kanye West Teaches Airport Etiquette in Failed Reality Show Pilot
Giant flying bugs with fangs terrorize China
Kid Rock Summoned to Produce Glass Dildo in Insane Clown Posse Lawsuit | SPIN
9-Year-Old South African Boy Marries Elderly Woman
Lana Del Rey: 'Annoying' that sleeping with guys in the industry didn't help
Anti-Contraception Nurse Sues Family Planning Center For Not Hiring Her
Cops: Main Line McDonald's Worker Was Selling Crack While On The Job at McDonald's
Married man goes to doctor with stomach cramps, turns out he's a woman with period pain
Restaurant Serves Phone Chargers So Customers Can Instagram
Springfield police arrest woman named Miracle Crimes on charge related to vehicle reported stolen
Generations guard trees from chainsaws at Regina Beach
Cannibalism fetish nurse guilty of trying to meet girl
Celebrities like Michael Douglas, Cate Blanchett call for big cruise ship ban in historic Venice
Longest Handy Ever Contest Finishes Earlier Than Expected
Marco Rubio defends gays, attacks gay marriage
Marine biologist says 6th-grader stole his idea
Duran Duran Sues Its Own Fan Club
Boy renews vows with wife 50 years his senior
4-year-old boy banned from local doughnut shop
68-year-old wore name tag while allegedly robbing Denver bank.
Could birth control pills hinder your pregnancy chances?
Sarasota cat calls 911 to report e-meow-gency
Inside Man's Best Friend, Study Says, May Lurk a Green-Eyed Monster
The anti what? (xpost r/funny)
Israel Miracle? Hamas Complain, 'Their God Changes The Paths Of Our Rockets In Mid Air'
Man with zebra-print hat, Superman tanktop and incredibly good facial hair stops beaver attack
'Heroin dealers welcome': Ford City may disband police force
Hot For Spring: The Anti-Drone Hoodie
Apple patents process for filing patents
Chinese censors step in after blow-up toad compared to Jiang Zemin
Michigan Water Park to Lesbian in Men's Trunks - 'Ma'am, You Have to Wear a Women's Bathing Suit'
Kid Rock Subpoenaed to Produce Glass Sex Toy in ICP Trial
232 Teeth. No We Haven't Found A New Animal, It Is Just A Teen In India and This Is What It Looks Like
22-Year-Old Hides Infant's Remains Under Her Bed, Hoped The Child Would "Come Back To Life"
Police force gay porn star to undergo enema to remove Crystal Meth from anus
Bacon Lobbyist Arrested for Attempting to Enter Capitol with Gun
Motorcyclist crashes after giving an interview about crashes
Mayor says "Pics or it didn't happen!" in regards to local mythical sea creature
Kentucky town opens retail filling station, is criticized as promoting socialism
Mayor urges public to take picture of Lake Hopatcong snake
Snoop Dogg Claims He Smoked Weed While Doing 'No. 2' in White House
NRA: Let's make school kids shoot guns to advance to the next grade.
Comics Store Owner Annoyed McDaniel Bus Took Up 5 Parking Spaces On 'Batman Day'
Yellow face? No, that can't be racist!
Florida town cracks down on sagging pants problem
Man wakes up to find strange woman cooking breakfast in his kitchen
Police: Cross-dressing Texas multimillionaire pees on drug store candy
North Korea launches cooking website
Cops Try to Arrest One of Their Own For Brutality, State's Attorney Says Nope, Too Complicated
Longest Hand Job Ever Contest Ends Quicker Than Expected
"Weird Al" Yankovic inspires UHF porn parody, has officially "made it"
Breakin news: Israeli Soldier Twists Ankle in Gaza
Fox's Beckel: I've 'Done Dope' in the White House Like Snoop Dogg
Texas open carry activists meet on Grassy Knoll, denounce president
Teen in India Had Way Too Many Fucking Teeth
To make elite schools 'fair,' city will punish poor Asians
Donatos running out of dough, in more ways than one.
That coupon for free Donatos pizza? It was a mistake
Sierra Leone's Leading Ebola Doctor Contracts Ebola
Snoop Dogg: I smoked weed 'in the bathroom' at the White House
Oklahoma GOP Candidate OK With Stoning Gay People To Death
Anticipation Simulator 2015 pushed back to 2016
Longest fossilized poop to be sold at auction
California man dies when 10-foot tunnel he is digging in sand collapses, buries him alive
Auschwitz Selfie Teen: "I don't regret taking the selfie"
A poisoned vagina? What an intriguing yet stupid murder weapon.
Police: Driver Who Asked Jesus To Take The Wheel Hit Motorcyclist
Miley 'hires dog psychic'
Cuomo's Corruption Commission Finds That Cuomo Is Corrupt
Why I Took a Selfie at 9/11 Memorial: One Teen's Story
6th Circuit Court: Ex-Judge Wade McCree's conduct 'reprehensible' but immune from lawsuit
Satirical magazine in trouble over soliciting under age sex workers
Uber Releases Windows Phone App, Dozens Of Seattle Users Rejoice
Top Doctor Working To Contain Current Ebola Outbreak Is Now Infected With Ebola
Man arrested in Australia for driving with pliers instead of steering wheel
MH17 the musical? Mysterious company seeks Australian trademark
Loud Americans: Villagers answer cafe ban on visitors
The UK is about to unleash a 'fart machine' on France
Pub hosting Garth Brooks tribute act for fans of cancelled shows forced to cancel show - due to complaints from local residents - Independent.ie
Liechtenstein for hire at $70,000 a night
"Weird Al" Yankovic inspires UHF porn parody, has officially "made it" · Newswire · The A.V. Club
Teen who sued parents now having trouble with boyfriend
Duran Duran Sue Own Fan Club
Arrests Made In Blowgun Dart Spree
Ben Stein: "The media in [America] for a very long time has been contemptuous of Jews and contemptuous of Jewish life."
Two women to be lashed for swearing on 'WhatsApp'
Find Forgotten Windows 8.1/Local Account/PIN/Picture Password
Sarah Palin cited for speeding in Alaska
Serial rapist Patrick Comeagain has bail renewed
This Year's Mayfly Hatch Was So Big It Showed Up On Radar And Caused A Car Wreck
Endangered South Florida Forest to get its very own Walmart
Mayfly hatch blankets Mississippi River towns
Man goes on castrating rampage in nursing home
Car dealer gives refund in thousands of pennies
Krispy Kreme opens a store and brings Adelaide to a standstill, causing $21,000 in parking fines
Basketball officially banned on Amsterdam city streets
McDaniel bus 'frustrating' for comic shop on Batman Day
Drunk man run over by own pickup truck
NHL warns that hockey could be endangered by global warming
Jack White pulls fan on stage...ignores her
New NFL Stadium a "Death Trap" for Birds
Man run over by own truck during road rage
Man in road rage incident run over by own truck
Scottish independence dilemma re-imagined as gay romantic comedy
Sir Chris Hoy asked for ID to enter Chris Hoy velodrome in Glasgow
Man Arrested for Passive Aggressive Watermelon Stabbing
US: Christian group 'fasting' to oppose same-sex marriage says members can still eat food
Minnesota man, 82, who left to run errands 5 years ago, still missing
Americans Really Like to Drink Beer, Says Unsurprising Poll
U.S. leads in number of people unconcerned about climate change and environmental disaster
Coolio Will Release His New Song On PornHub
'Guns are welcome' sign at Tennessee restaurant causing business to shoot up
Space sex geckos at risk as Russia loses control of satellite
Blue Angels Scandal Involves Genitalia Painting So Large It Could Be Seen on Google Maps: "The blue and gold penis was visible from satellite imagery"
Biden: I Should Have Had a Republican Kid
Verizon's Offer: Let Us Track You, Get Free Stuff
Naked Florida thieves take 60 hamburgers from restaurant, cops say
Bold And Courageous Kickstarter Aims To Create Biggest D*ck Drawing Of All Time (NSFW)
Man accused of beating pregnant ex-girlfriend. "She was due the next day anyways."
Pelicans GM to undergo in-game prostate exam while singing "Take Me Out to the Ballgame"
T-Shirt's Short, Pun-Filled Phrase Is Not Protected by Copyright; Hipsters Mourn
'Professional scammers' refuse to leave Airbnb host's house
I hate dentists - but at least I don't have 232 teeth!
96pc of web users 'opt to see porn'
Police in Fond du Lac urging folks to keep their homes secured, after learning of naked home intruder
Police force gets 71 ghost busting calls in three years
Israeli academic calls for campaign of rape
Justin Bieber uses a wheelchair to cut in line at Disney World
Naked thieves take burgers from SW Fla eatery
4-Year-Old Banned from Donut Shop for Asking Woman if She Is Pregnant
Guests refuse to leave Airbnb host's house
Kim Jong Un: Model dictator
Fogonazos: How to move a 200-ton spectrometer across Europe
Russia loses contact with satellite full of geckos
Teen Cited For Smoking Pot Outside Sheriff's Station
This Couple Lives Like It's The 1950's And They Claim It Saved Their Marriage
Christians' Biblical basis for hating gays is complete and utter bullshit
ISIS Orders Iraqi Women in Occupied Areas to Undergo Genital Mutilation
Queen Elizabeth performs epic 'photobomb' during women's selfie
You Don't Hate Feminism. You Just Don't Understand It.
Bentley says national leaders should look to Alabama as model for running government
Florida Man Gets Run Over By His Own Truck During Road Rage
Norway PM beats Candy Crush level 300
Cutting-Edge Minivan Technology Lets Parent Yell at Kids Extra Loudly
Pastor Claims Gay People Are Possessed By "Fart Demons" That Can Drive Pigs To Suicide
Glenn Beck's audacious defense against Boston Marathon bombings defamation suit
Black Holes Aren't Black After All, Say Theoretical Physicists
Alabama man sues, claiming penis amputated instead of circumcised
Coolio to release new music exclusively through porn website
Man went to hospital for circumcision and awoke to find penis amputated
Exclusive: dash cam video reveals why there is a $495,000 settlement
Darth Vader has better approval rating than all 2016 presidential candidates
Grandparents allege L.A. Kings ruined their sex life in lawsuit
Mom attacks pit bull, bites off its ear to save daughter from being mauled to death
Fifty Shades of Grey Star Hopes Her Parents Don't See the Movie
Tara Reid on possibility of real 'Sharknado': 'It actually can happen'
Man who lost EYE in classroom as teenager campaigns for half-price sight test
Fake Ranger Dubbed 'Officer Spandex' Spotted On Marin County Trails Harassing Hikers
North Korea unveils plans for underwater hotel in new 'tourist city'
Woman wears heels and Chanel lipstick atop Mount Kilimanjaro
The Raw, Naked Truth About Homosexuality
Doctors find a sex toy that had been hiding in a woman's vagina for 10 years.
Police: Alleged chat with bush leads to arrest
Astronomers May Find The Coolest Aliens by Detecting Their Pollution
Tortoise may have helped 12-inch alligator escape in Michigan's Upper Peninsula
Obama motorcade reportedly prevents woman in labor from crossing street
Man Stabbed While Having Sex in A Tallahassee Cemetary
MICHELE BACHMANN SUGGESTS LABOR CAMPS FOR IMMIGRANT CHILDREN
You Can Own The Longest Piece Of Fossilized Feces Ever Sold
9-year-old boy marries 62-year-old woman to please dead ancestors
$10,000 spent chasing $250 debt
Terrible rendition of China's national anthem makes Venezuelan military band a laughing stock
NRA's 'Everyone Gets A Gun' plan: Kids must pass shooting tests to advance in school
Thesaurus Synonyms for 'Obstructionist' Include 'Right-winger,' 'Rightist,' 'Tory'
Judge writes article containing 60 "what if" questions and nothing else, FOX News publishes it
Federal Judge urges return of firing squad
'Rob Ford' featured in Sharknado 2
NRA Commentator: Kids Should Be Required to Learn How to Shoot a Gun in School
Porcelain Dolls Resembling Young Girls Placed in Front of 8 O.C. Families' Homes
Nicki Minaj's NSFW 'Anaconda' Cover Will Make Your Jaw Drop [xpost r/bimbofetish]
Florida man run over by own truck during road rage incident
[X-Post from MensRights] Norwegian man fined ~1400 USD for getting raped in public by two women (Google translate)
Most Overweight Kids Believe They Are Right Weight
Britain's oldest prostitute is 85-years-old and still raking in £250 an hour
Hipster Hospitalized With Heatstroke After Refusing To Remove Wooly Hat
Russians lose control of gecko sex satellite
Seniors struggle with roundabouts
Israeli women are showing support for the IDF - by showing their boobs
2 Infants Diagnosed With Herpes After Ritual Jewish Circumcisions
Botched execution brings use of firing squads into the discussion
Alabama man claims penis mistakenly amputated
Ohio Man's Therapy Ducks Fall Foul of Local Ordinances
Man and woman arrested for assault; chicken implicated
232 Teeth Removed From Mouth of Teenager in India
Armed police mistaken for stripper after hunt for murder suspect crashes party
HP and musician Chubby Checker settle lawsuit over penis-measurement app
Christian group 'fasting' to oppose same-sex marriage says members can still eat food
Grandma held in custody by police over $20 parking fine from 22 years ago
11-Year-Old Misses Day Of School Due To Mom's Funeral, Pays The Price
Cairns Grandma held in custody by police over $20 parking fine from 22 years ago
Owl injured in mortar attack on Israel picking up, attacked his doctors
Does Your Dog Feel Jealous, Or Is That A Purely Human Flaw?
Hollywood Docket: Chubby Checker Settles Penis Size App Lawsuit
Coolio releases music video on PornHub
It's Time To Rebrand The Camel Toe Once And For All
Brazil says Israel's actions on Gaza are "disproportionate", Israel's responds: "Disproportionate is losing 7 to 1" (Brazilian news site)
Michigan Mayor: Having Atheist Booth in City Hall Is Like Welcoming Nazis, KKK
Surgeons remove 232 'TEETH' from Indian teenager's mouth
Woman had sex toy stuck in vagina for 10 years
Rape victims men risking fines and ridicule
Lust in space: Russians lose control of gecko sex satellite
Concord oil dealer sues Rymes for low prices
Two More New York Infants Given Herpes in Jewish Mouth-to-Penis Circumcision Ritual
Vladimir Putin offers to help mediate Gaza cease-fire
AL man accidentally kills girlfriend while playing with gun on trampoline with infant
Israeli spokesman reacts to Brazilian diplomacy, claiming what's really disproportionate is "7x1".
Hospital Sued For Amputating Penis During Circumcision
My son has been suspended five times. He's 3.
New York approves 'poor door' proposal
Hậu quả của sâu răng | Blog | Tamtay.vn
Surgeons remove toy stuck in woman's vagina for 10 years
There is a lizard sex satellite floating in space and Russia no longer has it under control
Police chase canoe, tase man in the river
British inventor builds giant fart machine to fart at France
Women has sex toy stuck inside her for 10 years...
Big Mouth: Surgeons Remove 232 Teeth from Teen in India
Siberian village lost due to Asian masturbation impact on the global environment
Sniff your way to love (or at least a date)
Soccer star who became Ukrainian citizen is drafted to fight rebels
ISIS blows up Jonah's tomb.
Deadpool arrested on Sydney train.
Baseball GM Gets Prostate Exam In Stadium, Sings "Take Me Out To The Ballgame"
Lil Wayne Reportedly Starting Sports Agency with Cristiano Ronaldo as 1st Client
Perth shoplifter steals security system.
Some lessons I've learnt about finding love and being in a relationship.
Deadpool arrested on Sydney train: Police alerted to superhero armed with guns, grenades and ninja swords
Americans check Facebook just as much as they groom themselves
Who's banned from editing Wikipedia this week? Congress
Outlook grim for orbiting Russian zero-G sex geckos
Chubby Checker, HP settle penis size app trademark suit
How Much Longer Until the Government Thinks Everybody Is a Terrorist?
This Pro-Choice Couple Trolled Anti-Abortionists With Some Clever Sign... Get Ready To Be Enraged By Everything Wrong With 'Teenage Mutant Ninja... Rick Santorum Got Shut Down When He Asked To Take A Picture With 'Modern Family's' Eric Stonestreet
Lust in space: Russians lose control of gecko sex satellite | Al Jazeera America
Pastor: Gay people are possessed by fart demons
Florida Man Charged With Picking Magic Mushrooms While Carrying An Alligator
Sex Geckos Circle The Earth In Out-Of-Control Russian Satellite
Astrology-loving MP seeks health answers in the stars
Anti-fascists call for boycott of neo-Nazi linked vegan cake shop
British MP claims astrology can aid healthcare
Man goes to hospital for circumcision, wakes up with no penis
Tortoise an accomplice in alligator's zoo escape?
Woman walked around with FIVE-INCH sex toy inside her for 10 YEARS without realising
Bigger parking spaces for women drivers
Women drivers need bigger spaces. Apparently.
American Quakers are Running an 'Underground Railroad' to Help LGBT Ugandans Flee
Mayor dies after wasp attack
Avoid 'Potty' Incidents Warning from London Fire Brigade
Ted Cruz says the FAA's flight ban was Obama's secret anti-Israel plot
Man Says Penis Was Mistakenly Amputated
"7-1 is disproportionate" responds Israel's Ministry of External Relations, after Brazil's accuse of Israel's "disproportionate use of force" in Gaza
Gay Porn Actor Bruno Knight Arrested At LAX With Half A Pound Of Meth Up His Butt
DOJ to Congress: Make online streaming a felony
Christians Super Pissed about Possible Jesus Penis
Gay Porn Actor Bruno Knight Arrested At LAX With Half A Pound Of Meth Up His Butt [NSFW]
Finally, a chair that replicates the look, feel, and smell of human flesh
Unfinished Documentary About Unfinished Nicolas Cage Superman Movie Gets Trailer
Woman Files Sexual Harassment Suit Against Boss Who Allegedly Wooed Her With Racist Insults
World's 'Longest Poop' Could Fetch $10K
Man's Penis Cut Of In Botched Circumcision
Brazil calls Israel action in Gaza 'disproportionate'. Israel replies '7-1 was disproportionate.'
Tax agency says 'preventing poverty' not allowed as goal for charity
Alabama Husband Woke Up Post-Circumcision With No Penis: Lawsuit
Chubby Checker, HP Reach Settlement Over Penis-Measuring App
'Preventing poverty' not an acceptable goal for charities, CRA says
Florida Man Sets Self On Fire While Trying To Burn Cross
Israel must be permitted to crush Hamas
A Malaysian NGO raised fund for a female road bully to pay off her fines!
Stapled executive to kill self over idiotic penny pricing scheme
Vladimir Putin employs a full-time food taster to ensure his meals aren't poisoned
Paranoid Putin hires full-time food taster
Oregon toddler crashes Jeep, runs home to watch cartoons
Had a Nice Trip to Florida to See My Parents
Suit blames Los Angeles Kings for ruining sex life of elderly couple
Cape's board abolishes entire reading list
Newton, MA Superintendent Fined After Plagiarism Allegations
Russia's Mission To Film Geckos Having Sex In Space Has Gone Horribly Wrong
Pregnant Woman In Labor Unable to Cross Street to Hospital Because of Obama Motorcade
George R.R. Martin won't add 13-year-old begging for 'gruesome' death to next novel
Cop Forces Drunk Man to Move his Car, When He Bumps Other Cars, the Cop Shot Him Dead
Cheering robots replace real fans at Korean baseball
Woman plucks and eats raw bird on Montreal Metro
Man Goes to Hospital for Circumcision, Wakes up Without a Penis
Satellite full of sexually experimental geckos adrift in space, Russia loses control of mission
PETA Offers To Help Pay Water Bills For Struggling Detroit Residents - But Only If They Go Vegan
Islamic Cleric Warns Offering Girls Physical Education Classes Could Lead to 'Prostitution'
WATCH: Toronto police officer caught jumping and waving at Jazz Fest
PETA will pay water bills for 10 Detroiters willing to go vegan
'Y'all will never catch me': Wanted man arrested after posting on police Facebook
Russian Agency Seeks Ban on McDonalds' Burgers, Ice Cream
'Responsible' Minnesota Gun Owner Shoots Teen Girl For Asking Him Not to Ride Mower in Her Yard (Video)
Mystery military performing exercises in Maryland.
Russia Loses Control Of Gecko Sex Satellite
18 years old teenie anal
'Messenger of Peace' killed by drunk driver in central Russia
Man went into hospital for circumcision but woke up with no penis
The answers to your health problems could be in the stars, says Tory MP who thinks astrology will 'make life easier'
Surgeons find 10-year-old sex toy inside woman's body
Ottawa tells Oxfam to stop trying to prevent poverty
Japanese artist who made vagina-shaped kayak is jailed
Israel Tries To Win Hearts and Minds By Insulting Brazil's World Cup Team
Israel Spokesperson Taunts Brazil Over World Cup Loss After Brazil Criticizes Gaza Attacks
Jail ditches orange jumpsuits because Orange Is The New Black made them too 'cool'
Chubby Checker, HP settle lawsuit over penis-measuring app
The Airbnb Guest Who Never Leaves and Now Lives in Your House Instead of You
"Weird Al" has finally made it: There's now a porn parody of his work
Gary Busey's nephew is running an outdoor strip club at the Gathering of the Juggalos.
Pro-Russian beauty wears makeup found at MH17 crash site
Angry Grandma Records Couple Having Sex on Beach
Christian groups 'violently offended' about Adult Swim's 'Black Jesus' TV series
California passes resolution defining criticism of Israel as anti-Semitism
Boy, 4, banned from doughnut shop for 'rude comment' Connecticut boy had asked another customer it she was pregnant
Enid Police: Woman Calls To Report Her Meth Was Laced
Self-Conscious Mom Gets G-Cup Breast Implants Because "Make Her a Better Mother"
Sex Toy Stuck in Woman's Vagina for Ten Years
KKK Reaches Out To Black Community In Efforts Against Undocumented Immigrants
Chris Hoy denied access to Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome
Report: Lil Wayne is now Cristiano Ronaldo's agent for US affairs
Russia Has Lost Contact With A Satellite Full Of Geckos Having Sex
USA: Confederate Army General Revealed to Be a Woman
Chubby Checker Settles With HP Over Penis App
Mormon Girl Auctions Off Virginity For Church Repairs; Church Then Bans Her For Life
A White Man In Hollywood Thinks Political Correctness Is Overrated
Chubby Checker and Hewlett-Packard settle penis measurement app lawsuit
In an intensely awkward congressional hearing Thursday, freshman Rep. Curt Clawson misidentified two senior U.S government officials as representatives of the Indian government.
Video: Freshman Congressman Mistakes Senior Government Officials for Foreigners
US 'peace cyclist' killed by Russian drunk driver
Canadians invent hitch-hiking robot. Because why not?
AL man allegedly goes for circumcision, gets amputation
Freshman Congressman Mistakes Senior Government Officials for Foreigners
Congressman Awkwardly Confuses U.S. Officials With Foreign Nationals During Hearing
Woman Didn't Realize Paparazzi Were Taking Pics of Karlie Kloss, Not Her
U.S. cyclist who pedaled across 50-plus countries for peace and charity was run over and killed in Russia by a drunken truck driver
Cat gets 'pet Asbo' for entering neighbours' homes and refusing to leave
Police: Woman calls to report meth laced
"95% Of The Buttons On DJ Mixers Are Never Even Used" Claims Report
Sex Toy Stuck In Woman's Vagina For 10 YEARS
Owl hurt by Hamas fire recovering
David Lynch is designing luxury activewear now
Florida Lawmaker Drafts Bill To Require Every Student To Watch Documentary Explaining Why Liberals Hate America
Man United accidentally create half-price sale on new shirts as customers wait to see if orders are honoured
Man United Mistakenly Sell Their New Home Shirt For Just £22 On Their Official Website
Nancy Pelosi: Moses Was a Refugee Too, Just Like Baby Jesus
Underwear bomber plot failed because he 'wore same pants for two weeks'
Israel calls Brazil a 'diplomatic dwarf' - and then brings up World Cup humiliation
When the U.S. Almost Nuked the Moon
Sugar in envelope forces Time Warner Cable evacuation
A Doctor Leading The Fight Against Ebola Has Caught The Virus
Woman arrested after calling police to complain her meth had been laced.
Man eating nachos leads police on chase in SW Houston
Police Shoot, Kill Man Armed with a Stick and Rocks
Ass Milk Is The Drink Of Choice For European Babies and Elderly Chinese.
Chattanooga area woman nearly falls for anti-virus scam
Baby Alligator escapes Zoo with help of accomplice Tortoise, Gator still on the run in Michigan
Rape trial collapses because of 'sleeping judge'
Rape case collapses after judge 'falls asleep' during alleged victim's evidence
Religious Children Struggle To Separate Fact From Fiction Read more at http://www.iflscience.com/brain/religious-children-struggle-separate-fact-fiction#tfrwPgfj9TuhOlHf.99
Report: Browns "stunned" by Johnny Manziel's non-stop partying
Congressman Mistakes U.S. Officials For Indian Ones
Man Shot, Paralyzed Over 31 Unpaid Parking Tickets
Minor League GM gets mid-game prostate exam while singing 'Take Me Out to the Ball Game'
Russia loses control of gecko sex experiment satellite
Gays Are Possessed By 'Putrid Smelling' Demons That Even Pigs Won't Tolerate - See more at: http://www.rightwingwatch.org/content/gays-are-possessed-putrid-smelling-demons-even-pigs-wont-tolerate#sthash.mIDQt97W.dpuf
Russia takes aim at McDonald's burgers as U.S. ties worsen
Norwich sorry for beating wrong team
Judge 'falls asleep' during child rape case
'Nervous flyer' tried to get plane exit door open
University quiz implies atheists are smarter than Christians
Queen Elizabeth Photobombs A Selfie, Is Infinitely Cooler Than Everyone
Muslim sumo wrestler Osunaarashi struggles with Ramadan as well as rivals
Commonwealth Games: Queen's Scotland photobomb 'not total accident'
Sir Chris Hoy asked for ID to enter Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome
LMPD: Thieves targeting Louisville-area RadioShacks
Girl, 6, does not reach spelling bee semifinals
Staples promises 1¢ prices in contract for 3 years. They've lost millions in the first few months. [X-Post] /r/business
Toddler crashes Jeep into house, flees scene in diaper
Pennsylvania parents locked son in car trunk to cure fear of dark
River In China Mysteriously Turns Bloody Red Overnight
Buzzfeed apologizes to users for plagiarism
Congress Blocks Obama's Attempt to Order Office Supplies
BuzzFeed reviewing work of reporter for plagiarism
Archaeologists discover porn mag in hedge.
When Staples Offers Items for a Penny, New York Buys Kleenex by the Pound
Buzzfeed fires Benny Johnson for plagiarism
"Undergarments Bomber" failed to detonate his underwear bomb... because he shit his pants
Underpants Bomber Umar Abdulmutallab Failed Because he 'Soiled' Briefs
Bizarre: A prophet who hasn't had a bath for 13 years!
Underpants bomber failed in mission to blow up airliner 'because he wore same pair of underwear for two weeks'
NSA Partnering With Saudi Regime - Snowden Leak
Giant anteaters kill two hunters in Brazil
Married Chinese man suffering from stomach ache goes to the doctor and learns he is actually a female
Rotherham pet gets 'cat Asbo' for terrorising his street
4-year-old boy banned from doughnut shop after asking woman if she is pregnant
Brazilian Doctor Uses HIV-Infected Needles to Keep Burglars Out
Robots could take half of jobs in Spain
Pirate Bay inmate claims religious persecution
US Congress computers banned from Wikipedia after anonymous user edits Donald Rumsfeld's biography to describe him as an 'alien lizard'
D.A.: Gunman was offended by hospital's 'gun-free' policy Read more at http://www.philly.com/philly/news/20140727_D_A___Gunman_was_offended_by_hospital_s__gun-free__policy.html#MGjcrldit2vtSijf.99
Russia Sues McDonald's, Questioning Quality of the Food
Australian Model Posts Untouched Bikini Photo
Liberals Go Crazy After a "Straight White Guy" Festival is Planned
Robber fails because he can't speak German
Ukraine rebels go to the museum -- for WWII tanks and cannons
Current Membership of the Human Rights Council, 1 January - 31 December 2014
Reddit, remember that guy with a 100 pound scrotum? He needs our help!!
Gölgede izle - Türkçe Dublaj HD
Car Dealership Refunds a College Student with Bags of Pennies
ISIS takes jihadists on honeymoon in Iraq and Syria
Inflatable Giant Golden Toad Sparks Internet Crackdown in China
Grandmother films couple having sex on beach
Neymar's brain on auto-pilot - Japan neurologists
Staples offers $600 paper shredders to goverment for 1c, shocked when they order thousands.
A Sharknado 'Actually Can Happen,' Says Shark Scientist Tara Reid
Language Barrier Foils Supermarket Hold-Up
U.S. reveals secret plans for '60s moon base
new summer 2014 new spring dress slim thin long-sleeved chiffon lace korean women long skirts
Congress blocks Obama's attempt to order new office supplies
Grandmas Rise Up Against Millennials' "Grandma" Lifestyle
Oklahoma woman allegedly calls police to complain that her meth was 'laced'
Doctor shoots armed patient in Philly hospital: A gun rights case is born
DUI Suspect Pulled Over While Driving Lawnmower.
Body Found Under Motel Bed, Police Say It Has Been There At Least 5 Years
After a century, Manitoba town discovers it's not dry
Giant anteaters kill 2 hunters in Brazil
Russia has lost control of a gecko sex experiment in space
Judge allegedly falls asleep during child rape trial
Man builds giant fart machine, fires it at France
This bathroom themed restaurant has lightbulbs shaped like feces and serves "strawberry hemorrhoid" ice cream.
Juggalo's now have their own legal system.. Religious and government authorities agree the end is near
Ukraine woman posts selfies with mascara 'looted' from Malaysia Airlines crash
Underpants bomber failed to blow up airliner 'because he wore same pair for two weeks'
Maui Mayoral candidate vows to outlaw tasers after being arrested on the way to a council meeting.
Bristol motorist banned for driving 'under the influence of drum and bass'
شاهد من يؤخر النصر في سوريا ونحن لا نعلم
Man: My penis was mistakenly amputated
Young woman spends $8,500 on big fake tits to become a better mom.
Volleyball Player's Team and Coach Claim She's Too Attractive, Distracts Fans
McDonald's declared unsanitary and unhealthy by Russian food standards
Ukraine Really Wants Its Militarized Dolphins Back from Russia
Video: Woman in Labor 'Not Allowed' to Cross Street to Hospital Over Obama's Impending Motorcade
BuzzFeed fires Benny Johnson (Political Editor) for plagiarism
Ebola center in Sierra Leona under guard after protest march
In West Virginia Congressional Race, Both Candidates Think Climate Change Is 'Not Our Problem'
Performance Artist Fires Ink-Filled Eggs Out Of Her Vagina
Kid Rock and his glass dildo subpoenaed in Insane Clown Posse lawsuit
Barack Obama banned from entering Chechnya
Michigan Sheriff Switches to Black and White Uniforms Due to Popularity of 'Orange Is the New Black
Spain's 'Google tax' could kill Facebook and Twitter - UPDATE
"Happy Birthday" is not in copyright, and Warner owes the world hundreds of millions for improperly collected royalties
Lawsuit Filed To Prove Happy Birthday Is In The Public Domain; Demands Warner Pay Back Millions Of License Fees
Ebola centre in Sierra Leone under guard after thousands of protestors march to free patients
Rich Guy Is Pretty Sure His Megayacht Counts As Philanthropy (Crosspost from r/socialism)
autumn spring models mom mother dress jacket middle-aged women's spring clothing long-sleeved jacket old clothes
Kazakh teen volleyball player is turned on by her own teammates because she is so attractive nobody watches the sport anymore
Hamas and North Korea in secret arms deal
Troy Tulowitzki's name misspelled on 15,000 Rockies jersey giveaways
Volleyball player shunned by own team for being too attractive
special yunnan bai ethnic minority dance costumes theatrical costumes women hulusi
Man who had stroke in his bathroom survived on toilet water for seven days
younger dancers impression fan dance costumes dance costumes female national costume stage clothing
younger women's clothing fell in love with dance ethnic dance costumes classical dance costumes opening dance square dance
Gecko sex satellite not responding
Walmart's Ice Cream Sandwiches Don't Melt In The Sun
Is This a Dick in This Real Estate Listing, or What? [nsfw]
PETA offers to help pay water bills of Detroit residents--- but only if they go vegan
Megan Fox To Personally Hunt Down and Destroy Bigfoot
'Dog days' of summer dangerous for dogs
Computer Repair and Service
A Rob Ford supporter interviewed after Ford Fest
Pavlok shocking wristband zaps your ass off the sofa and into the gym
Board considers renaming school after Michael Jackson
Russia sues McDonald's over 'too many calories'
'Spider-Man' arrested for slugging cop in Times Square after asked to stop harassing tourists
BuzzFeed fires viral politics editor for plagiarizing
Congressman Suggests Issa Install Pool to Root Out Suspected Witches
Yes, an Israeli newspaper did report on an owl being hurt by Hamas fire
Congress Blocks Obama's Attempt to Order New Office Supplies. Boehner "Being President does not entitle you to a spending spree at Staples."
Driver ran over pal who feared he was drunk
Japan plans to jazz up the 2020 Olympics with an all-robot event
China: Married Man Visits Doctor with 'Period Pains' - and Learns He's Female
Indian Man Rapes Injured Cow Using Coconut Oil as Lubricant
Lawrence Solomon: Gaza stands to be an economic beneficiary, precisely because so much of its infrastructure is being levelled
Two fighter jets scrambled and SWAT team dispatched after man threatens to blow up plane in duty free row
Scientists: Atheists might not exist
Science: Atheists Might Not Exist
Japan Wants 2020 Robot Olympics Alongside Human Olympics
Russia Regains Control of Gecko Zero-G Sex Satellite
Rick Perry Orders Dallas Cowboys to Mexican Border
Tel Aviv's young internationals struggle to keep the party going.
Police Officially Refuse To Hire Applicants With High IQ Scores
Thousands Sign Up As PayPal launches in Nigeria.
Lawmaker to Push Bill Requiring Dinesh D'Souza's 'America' Be Shown in Schools
Absent baseball fans get robot to do cheering for them
Florida congressman misidentifies US officials as India reps
Can a Robot Hitchhike Across Canada Using Only Its Charm and Good Looks?
North Korea To Send Hamas Weapons, Communication Equipment In Secret Arms Deal
Coolio's new music video to premiere on Pornhub
Rich Guy Is Pretty Sure His Megayacht Counts As Philanthropy
Rockies misspell Troy Tulowitzki's name on 15,000 giveaway jerseys.
Police investigating hugging incident at University of Michigan Hospital
Maid of honor accused of stealing from bride
Uber Launches On Windows Phone, Dozens Of Seattle Users Rejoice
Stephen Hawking's Blunder on Black Holes Shows Danger of Listening to Scientists, Says Bachmann. Also: College students that took science course should get a refund.
Walmart: Ice Cream Sandwiches That Don't Melt After 12 Hours Outside Just Have Less Cream
Toddler crashes Jeep, runs home to watch cartoons
"Enough is Enough" - Association of Nigerian Witches & Wizards Declare War on Boko Haram
Japan Says That What the 2020 Olympics Needs Is Robot Athletes
Grandson Proudly Squirms in Carter's Footsteps
Ohio Sheriff on Mexican cartel's 'hit list'.
TSA offering cash for ideas to speed up screening lines
All systems "go" as control restored to beleagured sex gecko satellite
Traveling cat circus comes to Colorado
Man Dressed as Spider-Man Is Arrested After Scuffle With Police in Times Square
Court rules rampant misuse of antibiotics on factory farms can continue.
Meet the world's luckiest unlucky man: He's defied death seven times, but he has won the lottery
New 'Yahoo Ending' service lets users in Japan prepare for the inevitable
Ultramarathoner gets hit by lightning during race, comes in third place
Frightened Driver Hits 'Zombie Walk' People at San Diego Comic-Con
Driver seriously injures woman at Zombie Walk
Deaf Family Panics and Drives Through Crowd of Zombies at San Diego Comic-Con, Injuring 64 Year-Old Woman
Comic-Con Accident: Deaf Family's Car Plows Into Pedestrians During 'Zombie Walk' (Video)
Thumbs out for robot hitchhiking across Canada
Man Accused Of Setting Cat On Fire Claims Self-Defense.
WWE superstar Daniel Bryan puts burglar who broke into his home in chokehold until police arrive.
EPA water office sorry for tweet about Kardashian app
It's Time To Protect The Harvest!
World's Oldest Man Dies After Masturbating For First Time
Teen in China, caught for illegal driving, calls father to beat up police
Anger As Chinese Toddler Empties Bowels in Aisle of US-bound Flight
1 dead, a dozen injured after lightning strike hits Venice Beach
Companies proclaim water the next oil in a rush to turn resources into profit
ruiqi xiu spring and summer 2014 women's large size korean short-sleeved t-shirt pant leisure suits women sports suit
You have probably already pirated a copy of Expendables 3
WWE Champion stops home intruder with devastating wrestling move
Playground Fire Under Investigation
Science lesson from Gujarat: Stem cells in Mahabharata, cars in Veda
Bourne man attacked by Samurai Sword wielding Suspect.
Police, prosecutors seek to take sexually explicit photos of teen for "comparison" in sexting case
Japanese high school girl "dismembers classmate"
Man Shot, Paralyzed Over Unpaid Parking Tickets
Sarah Palin's new online channel provides commentary and more for $9.95 per month
Sarah Palin to launch her own subscription based online news channel
Sarah Palin to launch her own online news channel
Berrimah inmates break out of prison, then return after getting drunk
Companies proclaim water the next oil in a rush to turn resources into profit: Mammoth companies are trying to collect water that all life needs and charge for it as they would for other natural resources
NZ Herald apologises to fallen soldier's family over Jackass photo blunder
Samsung Galaxy S 4 under a pillow overheats and burns
Son of Hamas founder converts to Christianity, goes on CNN, exposes Hamas
Norway lifts Segway ban
Noted male model now a woman
Dog owner wants £5,000 compensation after pet is injured chasing a cat
Can Reddit Grow Up?
Police blame the seven year old boy on a tricycle because he did not give a way on a crossroad
Mass extinction of the Dinosaurs was 'Bad luck' according to a new study.
Athletes baffled after blundering workers create stadium running track with right angled corners
Amelia Earhart Completes Around-the-World Flight
"Spider-Man" charged with punching a cop
Dinosaurs' extinction 'bad luck'
Buddhist vigilantes in Myanmar are sparking riots with wild rumors of Muslim sex predators.
Woman Discovers Sex Toy Had Been In Her Vagina For 10 Years
Runner gets hit by lightning, finishes race 3rd
Connecticut Man Accused of Shooting Pet Turtle
Gaza fighting continues as both sides reject others' ceasefire announcements
CIA Employees Hate Their Cafeteria
Russia has restored control over the gecko sex satellite
Scientists call for fist bumping to replace handshakes
San Diego Comic Con tells Salt lake Comic con to cease and desist
Russia: We have seized control of LIZARD SPACESHIP orbiting Earth
Would Jesus Accept Climate Science?
Satanists want to use Hobby Lobby decision to exempt women from anti-abortion laws.
Verizon To Drop iPhone From Service After Apple Refuses To Give Out iPads For Entitled Man-Children
Russia regains control of lizard sex satellite
Pool, phones, yoga: world intrudes on Amish now home in Ohio after prison
Holyoke couple files petition in Springfield court to change official names to 'Seamonster'
N. Korea threatens nuclear strike on White House
Toddler smashes Jeep into house, dashes home to watch cartoons
reddit 101: a guide for new redditors by old redditors!
Times Square Superhero Crackdown Continues; 5 More Arrested, Including Captain America
Acclaimed physicist Hawking 'a regular' at Calif. strip joint
India's Answer to Google Glass: The Smartshoe
Drew Brees says he could play until 45, immediately gets drug tested by NFL
Smash Mouth, Sugar Ray crowds overwhelm Stamford
The Sarah Palin Channel: $99.95 a Year, Comes With Salad
Pakistan mob kills woman, girls over 'blasphemous' Facebook post
Illegal immigrants demand representation in White House meetings
Alberta woman arrested in high-speed Saskatchewan chase that ends at Corner Gas set
Rockies give out shirts honoring Tulowitzki - but spell his name wrong
Nixon tape reveals interest in sex life of pandas
Police Accidentally Run Over And Kill The Naked Man They Were Looking For
Restaurant Turns Sexist Yelp Comment Into a Fundraiser
Data stick full of child porn falls out of pervert's bum in Islington
Satanists Demand Religious Exemption From Abortion Restrictions, Cite Hobby Lobby Ruling
Sabina Altynbekova Is Too Beautiful To Play Volleyball, Critics Say
US Congress banned from editing Wikipedia after staff caught trolling
[NFL QB] Drew Brees Gets Randomly Drug Tested After Saying He Wants to Play Until He's 45
Man trapped in B.C. bathroom for 7 days survived on toilet water
Could fist-bumping instead of shaking hands reduce the flu?
There's A School For People Who Want To Be Mermaids!
Cedar Rapids Builds New Bocce Ball Court
Priest Claims Hate Texts Are From Demon Spirit
Arizona strip club endorses Democratic pastor for Congress
One idea to expedite government oversight? Toss officials in water and see if they can swim
Hipster on Leash Walked By Man on Segway in Williamsburg
2 accused of trying to conceal woman's body under a bush in Ypsilanti Township
Encounter With Texas Hiker Leaves Bear Wounded
Orban Says He Seeks to End Liberal Democracy in Hungary
MS Gov Blames Obama For Jump In Uninsured After Refusing To Expand Medicaid
Quebec dad sued by daughter after grounding loses his appeal
Swedish Retailer auctioning off PS4 GayStation edition
Keith Urban Show Declared a "Mass Casualty Incident"
Police on Lookout for Irate Father Who Gave Customer Knuckle Sandwich at Deli
Toddler crashes Jeep, goes home to watch cartoons
50 shades of grey film outrageous anti porn groups
Melissa McCarthy: The art of being an actress
Iowa-native horror writer gains 6 pounds on Ragbrai bike ride, figures out crotch lube
Homeless man hit, killed by limousine
Sarah Palin: 'Eat Less Chinese Food' to Reduce Trade Deficit
Fist bumps spread fewer germs than handshakes, study says - Health
Court Rules In Favor Of Father Who Spanked Son For Cursing
'Spider-Man' accused of punching NYPD officer in the face
Bear crashed child's party, eats cupcakes
Delta passengers outraged when child poops on airplane seat
Man drowns while swimming across Co Armagh pond 'to remove Irish tricolours and replace with Union flag'
Fist bumps, high-fives spread fewer germs than handshakes, study says
Last Thursday US Representative Curt Clawson mistook two senior US officials testifying at a congressional hearing for representatives of the government of India.
3-Year-Old Steals Car, Crashes Into House, Denies Everything
George R.R. Martin denies South Park's insinuation that he's obsessed with wieners
Orthodox Jews with herpes need to stop applying 'direct oral suction' to baby penises
SPD: Woman used baby stroller to shoplift sex toy
Chinese running track given right-angled corners to save time
No 'ick factor' for trapped B.C. man who lived off toilet water for seven days
Fart gas may help prevent dementia, heart disease: study
Chinese running track built with right-angled corners to save time
What Would Jesus Do in Gaza?
Random stock picking will beat S&P: Fund manager
IRS Agrees to Atheist Group's Demands to Monitor Sermons
Harry Reid: Israel may need more aid
Time Warner Cable hilariously claims Google and Netflix are the real threats to net neutrality
Bullied Student Records Bullies, Gets Threatened With Felony Charges For Violating Wiretapping Law
Shot in the face five times: shooting victim James Myers feels 'lucky'
Vietnam Cat Owners Fear Pets Will Be Stolen and Sold for Meat
Hitchbot, the hitchhiking robot, bums 1st ride
Well, well. Satanists to use Hobby Lobby to block pro-life propaganda
A Florida town has banned people from wearing saggy pants.
Carson City man assaults with banana, crashes into casino
Square running track unveiled in China
More On Donald Sterling
Woman slits husbands throat, claims she was dreaming of filleting a fish.
Pet owners want thousands in compensation after dog slips while chasing cat
Square running track unveiled in China because it was "faster" to paint
Ohio sheriff sends bill to Mexico for cost of jailing illegals
Megan Fox: Bigfoot is real and I could find him
Fist bumps more hygienic than handshakes, say scientists
New Research Demonstrates Obama Masturbates More Than Any Other President
Islamic State opens 'marriage bureau' for single jihadists
Radio Host Warns That Obama Is Sending FBI Agents In Drag To Get Christians.
Koala survives terrifying ride clinging to car
Scott Morrison's $330,000 media briefing room has never been used
Is Acting Sexy Now Illegal in Utah?
Libyans face gas shortages after fuel depot set ablaze
China gets wooden spoon for right-angled running track
Grover Norquist Is Going to Burning Man
Grover Norquist off to "Burning Man"
Game controller that trains your pelvic floor muscles
Sabina Altynbekova: Kazakhstan Volleyball Player is so Beautiful She's a Distraction
New York DHS will pay you $500 to rat out 'prepper' neighbors buying legal goods
George R.R. Martin to South Park Creators: I'm Not Actually Obsessed with Wieners
Caught on radar: Sex-crazed, beer-loving bugs swarm along Mississippi River, cause car crash
Woman aged 532 years a recipient of CM's free sewing machine
Peak a boo-boo: Bank's description of new $10 bill named wrong mountain
CA Couple Faces $500 Fines for Watering Lawn, Failing to Water Lawn
Don Rickles Has Nothing To Say About Justin Bieber
Domino's Pizza staff call boy Ginger Kid on receipt
Commonwealth Games Scottie dogs 'disrespectful to Muslims' (x-post from /r/worldnews)
Pope says 1 in 50 priests are pedophiles
Malaysia Airlines to change name to boost reputation
Japanese Whaling Crew Eaten Alive By Killer Whales
House Republicans Pass Bill to Lower Taxes on the Rich and Raise Taxes on the Poor
War Reenactor Turned Psychotic Rebel Leader A Favorite In Russia
So Jews Get Birthright To Israel But White Girls Have To Pay To Go To Spring Break?
Chinese Officials, Cutting Corners, Add 4 of Them to Running Track
Cows kill German hiker in Austria
Women should not laugh in public, Turkish deputy PM says
Man held after ejaculating on female Metro passenger
Mike Tyson Now Has His Own Cartoon Show. Where He Solves Crime.
Congress Hates You, Votes To Bring Back Glory Days Of Opaque Airfare Pricing
NZ Herald sorry for publishing photo of Jackass star instead of dead soldier
Legs, volleyball, babe - Sabina Altynbekova spikes media interest
Man steals £20,000 worth of iced tea, pours out contents, recycles bottles for £11
Red Lobster tries acting like a fancier restaurant
Poster for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles September 11 film opening shows heroes plunging from New York skyscraper
It's illegal to swallow live goldfish in the UK, but not invertebrates such as octopus.
Spock lookalike will not boldly go into porn despite offer to appear in 'The Vulgar Vulcan'
Boy, age 4, has mark of the DEVIL on his chest
English soccer club Norwich forced to apologise for claiming 13-0 win over wrong opponents
Beaver blamed for felling tree that damages car
Beaver 'still at large' after causing car crash in P.E.I.
Mother finds gay porn on sons phone. Takes his phone until she can figure out a way to ban gay porn.
Neknominate man fined for swallowing goldfish on film
Chinese officials cut corners with rectangular running track
Schoolgirl 'beheaded classmate because she wanted to dissect someone'
UPDATE: Nursing home castration rampage sparked by argument over meatball casserole
GameStop's New Credit Card Is Designed To Exploit Gamers
Kids questioned by police after ice cream truck robbery
(x-post from r/news) KPD: Twister turns up stolen goods at destroyed home
Beaver blamed when tree strikes car on highway
Isis opens 'marriage bureau', offers honeymoons across Iraq and Syria
Satanic Temple wants religious exemption from anti-abortion laws
Bernie Ecclestone offers £20 million to drop bribery trial as Formula One chief feels the strain of 'burdensome' case - Telegraph
Bernie Ecclestone Offers £20m To End Bribery Trial
Russian Gecko Sex Satellite Back in Touch
Data stick full of child porn falls out of Kentish Town pervert's bottom
Ecclestone Offers £20M for Bribery Case to End
Illegals demand representation in White House meetings
Feds test how stoned is too stoned to drive
RCMP Looking for Beaver Which is :"Still at Large" After Causing Unusual Accident in P.E.I.
Late 'Jackass' star Ryan Dunn mistaken for soldier killed in Gaza
Rare gazelle breaks own neck, dies at Topeka Zoo.
The NRA's Top Attorney Was Convicted of Murder in 1964
Semen collecting is tricky and dangerous
A Satanist Temple is Now Fighting for Women's Right to Choose
Bernie Ecclestone offers £20 million to drop bribery trial as Formula One chief feels the strain of 'burdensome' case
Ecclestone offers £20m for corruption trial to end
Teen Severely Burned After Setting Himself Ablaze For Facebook 'Fire Challenge'
Embattled Folk Singer Michelle Shocked Made A CD About Digital Music Execs That Can Only Be Heard By Dogs
Woman escapes from house fire, dies attempting to retrieve cell phone
Oak Ridge National Lab Cancels Class To Reduce Southern Accents
Crufts dog sinks teeth into woman's knee after winning rosette for obedience
Turkish Women's response to Arınç
Pussy Riot Are Suing Russia
Oops: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Movie Pushes Ill-Conceived 9/11 Poster
Woman accused of bringing heroin to jail
George Zimmerman Is Now Guarding a Gun Store
Muskegon Township man, apparently high on acid, shows up armed, wearing only a towel at pizza business
CLASH OF CLANS 5K GEMS
The Challenges of Having Sex as a Little Person
Killer Whales Gobble Japanese Whaling Crew
Beaver 'still at large' after falling tree damages SUV in Prince Edward Island
Police: Topless Woman Jumps Into Street Fight, Stabs 3 People
NBC Googles Up 'America's Got Talent' Voting
Girl hit by plane on beach dies.
Corner Gas cafe plays role in Saskatchewan police pursuit
Morgan Freeman narrates the majestic March Of The Juggalos
Thomas the Tank Engine show is racist, British blogger accuses
Conservatives launch ReaganBook: 'Facebook for Patriots'
Mom 'Trusting God' for Ebola-Infected U.S. Doctor's Life
Comcast Memo: Harassing Customers During Retention Calls Actually IS Our Policy
Kids from around the world head to North Korean summer camp
Guests using toilet at posh hotel can be seen from street after epic window design blunder
A not-so-private moment: Guests at Berlin hotel can be seen on the toilet due to design fail
There Is a New Conservative Version of Facebook Called 'ReaganBook'
Damon Albarn Says New Blur Record "May Never Come Out," Band Didn't Finish Because It Was "Too Hot" Outside
Clown Suffers Minor Injuries in Clown Car Crash
Citing Holocaust, Israel Demands 'Strict Regulation' of Antiwar Protests in Europe
The Sun Faces Backlash for Accusing Four-Year-Old of Being Associated With the Devil
OKCupid Admits Deliberately Mismatching Singles in Psychological Experiment
Pagan High Priest Finds Few Believers Inside an Arkansas City Hall
'Quantum Cheshire Cat' becomes reality
Israel's embassy in Ireland used their official twitter account to post these images literally comparing Palestinians to Hitler
You Can Learn The Exact Day Of Christ's Return If You Give $5 To WorldNetDaily
Michelle Shocked Releases Album of 11 Blank Tracks; Asks Fans to Stream to Fund Tour
Israel's embassy in Ireland use their official twitter account to post images literally comparing Palestinians to Hitler
Knuckle sandwich? Philly dad punches Wawa customer for looking at his daughter, report says
Beaver 'at large', warns RCMP after unusual accident in Priests Pond
Why Men Maybe Don't Love Bitches
Strippers Are Suing the San Diego Police for Making Them Pose for Photos in Their Underwear
Port St. Lucie mom arrested after allowing her 7-year-old son to go to a nearby park alone
Black cats are being abandoned by owners because they don't look good in SELFIES.
FAMILY: TRAFFIC STOP ENDED WITH FAMILY PET DEAD
Kid takes massive dump on the floor of an airplane headed to Detroit.
4 Top Signs You Will See When School Starts
Misfortune of black cats rejected in age of 'selfie'
Clown Crashes Car in NJ, Clowns Come to the Rescue
The Russian government has banned lingerie - for your health
Sierra Leone's top Ebola doctor dies from virus
Wanted Man Taunts Police On Facebook, Arrested 24 Hours Later
Jetstar crew member warns passengers to dispose of drugs before landing in Sydney
'Chewbacca' court defence fails
Police: Man steals candy bar, barricades himself in office
NT Attorney-General John Elferink 'punched in face' at football oval
Dog Wins 'Good Citizen' Award At Crufts Just Hours Before Mauling Stranger
Oklahoma Woman Calls Cops To Complain About Purity Of Her Meth; Cops Get Right On It
Skyscraper Literally Melts A Car In England
N. Korea Opens International Camp for Kids
Woman arrested after calling EPD to complain her meth was 'laced'
Police: Mother stabbed sons in argument over $20
Alabama Officials Say Coal is From God, Want Prayer Against Rules to Reduce Pollution (Video)
Family credits hungry cat with saving them from burning Cape Breton home
Rare Pangolins May Be Eaten to Extinction
U.S. Vice President Biden says Putin has no soul: New Yorker
One Direction is divided over Gaza
Thai junta unamused by comedian John Oliver's royal jibes British performer and host considered a threat by government for 'undermining the royal institution' with jokes about prince
Twitter hashtags are finally neutralizing the Israeli government's propaganda
George R.R. Martin won't write for Game Of Thrones this year, apparently he's working on some book
Pelosi: Qataris Have Told Me 'Hamas Is a Humanitarian Organization'
Bolivian president seeks votes in the bedroom
Kentucky Children Charged with Robbery of Ice Cream Truck
Naked Man on Biting Rampage Dies After Shooting
DJ Carnage Attempts First Career Stage Dive; Kills 3 People
POLICE NEED YOUR HELP CONCERNING A COSPLAYER
Report: George Zimmerman asked to watch DeLand business due to recent burglary
Studying for a humanities PhD can make you feel cut off from humanity
Police: Chesterfield teen upset by way car was parked smears mascara on it, scratches windows
Mastodon's Brent Hinds Carves Wooden Penis
You had one job...China constructs running track complete with right-angled corners - Independent.ie
Fist bumps 'cleaner than handshakes'
ience that she'll soon be unveiling something called ReaganBook, which aims to become "the Facebook for patriots." Get Ready For ReaganBook: The 'Facebook For Patriots'
5 Reasons You Should Admire Comcast
Russians lose control of lizard sex satellite
Jack White threw out the first pitch at Tigers game, still looks sad
Gay OSU Marching Band Member Says He Did Not Feel Excluded
Blogger fired from language school over 'homophonia'
Selfie-Lovers Are Abandoning Their Black Cats Because They 'Tend Not to Photograph As Well'
Putin Nominated for Russia's Highest Honor, 'Hero of Russia' Title
Business denies hiring Zimmerman for security
How Game of Thrones will predict the next Bin Laden
NYC Building To Have A "Poor Door" For Some Tenants
Nonviolence rally marred by multiple fights
Tyler Perry's, The Single Moms Club (2014)
Are black cats being abandoned because they don't look good in selfies?
Johnny Dronehunter Does Exactly That In This Insane Shotgun Silencer Ad
UK police try to spook piracy website users with banner ads
David Duchovny touts Russian pride in beer ad, but he's of Ukrainian descent
Cutting corners: Sport officials build rectangular running circuit with 90-degree bends ahead of Chinese Communist Party visit because it was quicker than constructing an oval track
Fraudster's wife, two fiancees, girlfriend and four children
Martha Stewart: Why I Love My Drone
Teenager's 60ft painting of penis on parents' roof spotted in space
Girl attacked by duck in Sydney's south-west
Jetstar apologises after crew member advises passengers to flush their drugs
Usain Bolt denies calling Glasgow's 2014 Commonwealth Games 'a bit shit'
Newspaper Mistakenly Runs Photo of 'Jackass' Star Instead of Dead Israeli Soldier.
Outlaws chop off retired trooper's ear over moustache
8 Reasons Young Americans Don't Fight Back: How the US Crushed Youth Resistance
Polish Priest Receives Angry Text Messages From The Devil
Mildewed rolls spoil Mayhill family's barbecue
Woman, Just Out Of Prison, Arrested For 397th Time - CBS Chicago
Scottie dogs at Commonwealth Games ceremony were 'disrespectful' to Muslims
Kevin Smith's next movie to be "Jaws with a moose"
Ecclestone Offers $33.6 Million to End German Corruption Trial
Another X File: Spooked professor claims blood-sucking spirit wants to have sex
'Skywalker' signature rejected by passport officials
Martha Stewart writes a love letter to drones in Time magazine
Missing Michiana mom says she is OK, but doesn't want to be found
Russia bans Polish fruit and veg in apparent retaliation for sanctions
Anti-Gay Activist Launches Low-Budget Facebook Alternative: ReaganBook
Police officers commended for making arrest dressed as zebra and monkey
Hobby Lobby alleged to have fired pregnant employee who requested time off to give birth
Police respond to report of gun, Man tells officers only 'guns' present are his biceps.
Police respond to report of gun, Northampton man tells officers only 'guns' present are his biceps
"Didn't think I was doing anything wrong:" Mom arrested for allowing 7-year-old son to go to park alone
US Sues Pennsylvania Over Police Fitness Tests
Bats in the Statehouse? No problem for Vermont
Ukip duo resign claiming 'occultists' have infiltrated the party
Deep-fried alcohol goes on sale in the UK, and it's a massive hit
New York Skyscraper's Separate 'Poor Door' Called A 'Disgrace'
George Zimmerman's New Job: Security Guard At A Gun Store
Mississippi prosecutors say ex-medical examiner can travel through time
Man arrested for allegedly leaving 17-year-old alone in car
Cosmopolitan.com Offers Sexual Positions For Lesbians
Cosmo magazine finally embraces same-sex lovemaking with first-ever lesbian sex guide
North Korea Opens Summer Camp for Kids
It's Fried Price If You Can't Speak Chinese: Restaurant Charging English Speakers 10 per Cent Extra per Dish
Naked Man On Leash In W. Va. Could Face Charges « CBS Pittsburgh
Beaver 'still at large' after felling large tree that collapsed on car
America Runs on Anal
Paul Rolly: Blogger fired from language school over 'homophonia'
Police: Teen doesn't like the way car was parked, vandalizes it, leaves a nasty note
Satan-blaming church deacon gets rider in sex abuse case
ORNL cancels 'southern accent' class, apologizes
A Local Inventor Wants You To Fund His Fart Absorbing 'PoofPad'
Russia back in control of gecko sex satellite
Two More Mysterious Siberian Craters Discovered
Man Pranks Station's UCLA Flood Coverage: 'Someone Took a Really Large Dump'
Northampton Police Respond to Report of Gun, Find Man's 'Gun Show' Instead
Louisiana Republican Flees Interview When Asked About Obama's Birthplace
Art Or Vandalism? Gum Wall In Maplewood Stirs Debate
Seasickness on the Stranded Whale-Watch Boat: 'It Was Gross'
All 8 Pangolin Species Being Eaten into Extinction
Con Air Director Simon West Says He'd Like to Make Con Air 2 a "Con Air in Space" Sequel
Portland to host PBR-sponsored music festival
Teens setting themselves on fire for Facebook Fire Challenge.
Woman tells Prichard police at traffic stop that she is an undercover officer -- she isn't
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles '9/11 poster' pulled
Hostel owner calls customer a 'retard' after she leaves a review on the FB page.
Dad Takes Kids On Pizza Outing High On Acid, With Gun And Almost Naked
'Stop Hatin' All the Time' : Obama Slams GOP Lawsuit Vote
Commonwealth Games Scottie dogs 'disrespectful to Muslims'
Crop Circle in Germany Attracts Many Visitors
Obama to Republicans: 'Stop just hatin' all the time'
Satanists Invoke Hobby Lobby, Say Informed-Consent Laws Violate Their Religious Beliefs
Moscow calls for UN resolution "inviting Russia to deploy its peacekeeping forces" in Ukraine
Black cats being rejected because they don't look good in selfies, says RSPCA
76ers Ask NBA To Delay Anti-Tanking Measures Until They're Done Tanking
"Louis Slungpue" Pranks News On UCLA Flood Cause: "A Really Large Dump"
Stuart Kettell starts pushing sprout up Snowdon with nose
Pope Francis unveils his top 10 secrets to happiness
Right wing conservatives launch "Reaganbook" - the conservative alternative to liberal Facebook
South Korea sends chocolate snacks to North Korea via balloon
Cannabis Tinctures are changing the life of a dying 2 yo girl - Chief Minister sets bureaucracy in motion leading to arrest of supplier, who is actually giving the oil away for free!
South Korean activists launch 'Choco Pie' balloons
Girl injured in shopping mall
Police: Postal worker attacked by man after pepper-spraying dog
Bomb threat suspect weighing 625 pounds is logistical problem for Grand Rapids court
Nude models strike again in Paris
Japan storms Hawaii beaches to prepare for island threat
Do caged pigs get more space than airline passengers?
No Time to Prep Dinner at Home - Try Popeyes Restaurant
Terminally Ill Teen With Cancer Broke Both Legs & Bit Off His Tongue During A 'Dream' Charity Porsche Ride
No Time at all to Prepare Supper at Home - Try Popeyes Restaurant
Pope Francis sounds too much like Obama to be honored by Congress, Republican says
'Palestinian' Woman in JetBlue Altercation Actually Jewish, Says she's also Menachem Begin's third cousin
PETA offers to pay bills in Detroit if residents agree to go vegan.
Orlando Bloom Attacks Justin Bieber, World Grateful
Man locks himself in hot car to spread safety message
Girl attacked by duck in Sydney's south
Man with face transplant poses for GQ
Yo app warns Israeli citizens of missile strikes
Man Crashes Into Empty House Filled With Bees, Dies
Woman dies during Juggalo event
Jury awards parents $27 million in McDonald's negligence lawsuit
Legolas meets the Bieber in battle, and Middle Earth cheers
Sony releases surprise NSync album; NSync is surprised
45 cows killed by single lightning strike near Darby
Naked Man On Leash Prompts Criminal Probe
In Kansas City, President Obama urges opponents to stop 'hating all the time'
Senior Labrador Retriever Walks 30 Miles to Return Home: Owners Say No.
Utah man fired after boss complains blog post about homophones made school sound gay
The Facebook verdict: Lockport police shouldn't use "Negro"
the Russian government enacts a ban on lacy lingerie
Man pulls gun after mashed potatoes comment
After losing a poker bet, New Zealand man legally changes name to "Full Metal Havok More Sexy N Intelligent Than Spock And All The Superheroes Combined With Frostnova"
Bolivia Makes Child Labor Legal, In An Attempt To Make It Safer : NPR
'It was the weirdest day ever': Police respond after woman in purple nightgown spotted walking a naked man on all fours with a leash on rural road
South Korea sends chocolate snacks into North Korea via balloon
Obama urges GOP to 'stop hating all the time'; GOP responds with lawsuit
Seattle officer investigated for busting too many pot smokers
LAW & DISORDER / CIVILIZATION & DISCONTENTS Comcast customer pulled gun on technician after objecting to bill, police say
Conservatism is the new Punk Rock
US condemns shelling of UN school in Gaza but restocks Israeli ammunition
Amazon Will Pay You to Accept Slower Deliveries
Woman Who Slit Husband's Throat Claims She Was Dreaming About Filleting A Fish
Parents take 29-year-old son to court after he refuses to move out of house
House Republicans vote to sue President Obama
I live like a disabled person even though I'm physically healthy... and now want a surgeon to cut my spinal cord: Rare condition has made woman, 58, disown her legs
Oops! Dad delivers baby into toilet
Arcade Fire Destroys Eastbourne Pier
Harper blames Hamas after Israeli shells hit UN shelter in Gaza
Obama to GOP: Stop hating
University of oregon's season football tickets are now scratch n' sniff
An Actually Useful Version of Yo Is Warning Israelis of Rocket Strikes
We Never Tried To Impeach Bush, Says Democratic Lawmaker Who Co-Sponsored Bush Impeachment Bill
A tracking technology to prevent another MH370
Oil refinery threatened by sea-level rise, asks government to fix problem
Woman with middle name 'Skywalker' told she infringes copyright
Republican report alleges 'billionaire's club' funding environmental causes through 'shady' network
Paramount apologizes for 9/11 'TMNT' poster
Indian Parliament to hire men in costumes to scare away monkeys
Russell Brand Accuses Sean Hannity 'Of Looking Like Ken Doll' In Gaza Video Response
SWAT team ends 7 hour "standoff" after realizing no one is home
Woman Finds Wrong Body in Mother's Casket
Man beheads rooster statue hoping to get back into jail, Flemington police report
Ice cream man accused of war crimes could be deported.
Social media strategist fired after blog post about homophones 'was seen as relating to homosexuality'
Convicted cop killer told to stop coaching youth baseball
U.S. says N. Korea should stop 'polluting the waters' with missile launches
US: Utah language school fires blogger for writing about 'homophones'
Repost: 1 shot, 2 kills, snipe a pregant lady (IDF tshirts)
NDMC Hires 40 People to Dress Up As Langurs And Scare Away Monkeys From Parliament
Israeli officer: I was right to shoot 13-year-old child
WATCH: Mr Spock lookalike turns down porn film: There's only SO FAR I'm willing to boldly go...
A Russian Soldier's Instagram Posts May Be The Clearest Indication Of Moscow's Involvement In East Ukraine
Photo shows what looks like a giant penis in the sky
Mr Spock lookalike turns down porn film: There's only SO FAR I'm willing to boldly go...
Indiana man wins $1M lottery prize for second time in three months
Polish people are using apple-eating selfies to give Putin the finger
VIDEO: Controversy brews over high-five Emoji
Coca-Cola Recalls 2 Million Bottles With The Name 'Michael'
Amputee charged after double amputee stabbed outside hotel
Nanjing fruit shopper applies for patent for "sexy peaches"
Oregon ducks appealing to the senses with burger scratch and sniff season tickets
Man claiming he's too big for court: "I'm living in my own prison"
Stephen Colbert buys 'Sarah Palin' website
Oregon Ducks debut scratch-and-sniff football tickets, will wear yellow against Michigan State
Adidas shares plunge 13% after Russia warning
Flowers and card left in memory of Horsham McDonald's
This 17-Year-Old Girl Has Been Deemed "Too Beautiful" to Play Volleyball for Her Country
Language School Blogger Fired for Writing About Homophones
Paul Ryan Says Climate Change Is Just An Excuse For Obama To Raise Taxes
Utah Blogger Fired After Boss Complained Homophone Blog Post 'Associated School with Homosexuality'
Infants Contract Herpes From Oral Suction During Jewish Circumcision
Russia enacts ban on synthetic lingerie
Giraffe Dies After Hitting Its Head on Highway Bridge
Education blogger writes post on homophones, is fired for promoting "gay agenda"
Man drove from Phoenix to Detroit with dead girlfriend
'Twilight's' Pattinson sweats excessively during sex scenes
Police: Man planned to eat girlfriend's dog
Drunk plane passenger attacks crew with fake leg
Utah Education Blogger Says He Was Fired For 'Promoting A Gay Agenda' After Writing About Homophones
Westboro Baptist Church's Hate Aimed At San Francisco Tech
Eli Manning's quarterbacks coach is "aiming for" a 70% competition rate
Giraffe dies after hitting its head on a low bridge as its owner drives it in open-top truck along South African highway
Male Baby Doll With Penis Shocks Toys 'R' Us Shoppers
Giraffe hits head on highway bridge, dies
Men disguised as langurs to scare away monkeys around Parliament
South Africa's animal rights body is probing the death of a giraffe that was reportedly injured as it was being transported on a motorway. Eyewitnesses say the giraffe, one of two on a truck, hit its head on a bridge on Johannesburg's N1 motorway.
Woman attacks cabin crew with prosthetic leg
Giraffe dies from hitting head on roof
Drunk passenger attacked plane crew with false leg:
France's Nude Models Threaten To Strike
Selfie-Addicted Russian Soldier Caught in Ukrainian Territory by Instagram Geo-Tagging
Toronto sloth that called World Cup winner too lazy to keep his prize
New Jersey medics break into car to rescue baby doll
Woman sues after plastic surgeon posted photos of 'cocaine nose'
Man killed, planned to eat girlfriend's dog, police say
Cleveland Woman Accused of Shoplifting at Walgreens Responds By Pooping in Store
Congresswoman who co-sponsored Bush impeachment bill said Democrats never tried to impeach Bush
First female NBA referee Violet Palmer announces she is gay.
Utah Man Fired For Blog About Homophones
Saudi Arabia Seriously Considering Allowing Women to Use Forks
Man killed, planned to eat girlfriend's dog.
Utah Man Fired for Blog Article About Homophones, Which Apparently Promote the Gay Agenda
New NSync album released to the surprise of NSync
Utah Language School Fires Blogger For Promoting Homophone Agenda
Ravens fans give Ray Rice a standing ovation
Education Blogger Fired for Writing About Homophones and Confusing Homophobes
Woman rings police to complain about quality of crystal meth
Utah teacher fired for a blog about homophones.
Police: Man yells 'Taze me,' officers comply
Language school blogger fired over 'homophonia'
Giraffe dies after hitting its head on a low bridge as its owner drives it in open-top truck.
Dunbar High student becomes world champ in PowerPoint
Giraffe being transported on highway in South Africa dies after bridge hit its head.
Nearly Naked Man Tripping On Acid Fires Gun At Pizzeria, Police Say
Driver who killed teen posts his totaled car online with smiley face
Giraffe Dies After Smashing Head on Highway Bridge
South African giraffe dies after 'hitting head on bridge in open air truck'.
Mr. Louis Slungpue Prank Calls ABC News
Sloth not ready to predict Toronto mayoral race: Deputy mayor
Woman: My boyfriend joked about barbecuing dog, but then I found pup marinating in freezer
SPCA: Highway giraffe dies
Young College Student Dies From Marijuana Overdose
Drummer booted from band after bestiality conviction
Butt-Smuggling Fart-Puncher arrives at Indiana Jail
We never tried to impeach Bush, says Democratic lawmaker who cosponsored Bush Impeachment Bill.
Black Cats Are Being Rejected Because They Don't Look Good In Selfies, Says RSPCA
UFC Fighter Forrest Griffin Offers to Train Orlando Bloom to Fight Justin Bieber
Black cats being abandoned because they don't look good in selfies.
Why Is a Shirtless Horde Following Toronto Mayor Rob Ford?
Scatological art difficult to pass
Trolls quickly drown ReaganBook social media site in sea of profanity, pornography
Hundreds of black cats are being abandoned by their owners because they don't look good in selfies
Woman allegedly uses her oxygen tank to ram in door, assaults neighbor
Teacher Fired for Using Gay-Sounding Grammatical Term 'Homophone'
Boo Boo The Emu Escapes And Corners Woman And Child
South African Giraffe dies after 'hitting bridge'
Blogger gets fired from language school for 'homophones'
JingJing Qu attempts handjob, 16 year old boy asked to stop.
Westboro Baptist Church to Picket Reddit
Author of Article on Homophones is Fired for 'associating the school with homosexuality'
Say hello to this baby geep! Wait, what's a geep?
Tennessee vegan blocked from getting 'vulgar' 'ILVTOFU' license plate
New Jersey EMTs break into car to rescue baby doll
NJ medics break into car to rescue doll
Drone Carrying Drugs And Phones Crashes Outside South Carolina Prison
Texas first-grader forced to sit on floor for weeks as punishment for drawing on desk
Giraffe killed after hitting head on bridge while being transported in South Africa
Pope Francis issues top 10 tips for happiness - including don't try to convert other people
China builds right-angled running track in time for Communist Party visit
Georgia; We pollute God's earth, cause God gave them the stuff to do it with!!
Albuquerque Police to get rid of military armored vehicles
Boy Scouts: Gays Aren't Pedophiles, But We Still Won't Let Them Lead
Bug spotting: Germans hold 'nature walks' to observe rare NSA spy
Giraffe in truck dies after hitting overpass
GOP Tells Obama to Ignore Congress One Day After Suing Him for Ignoring Congress
Russian soldier posts gory photos of victims online
JingJing Qu offer for hand job gets rejected by high school student.
Black cats abandoned 'because they don't look good in selfies'
Lindsay Lohan, P Didy and Leodardo DiCaprio cheer on Orlando Bloom as he puches Justin Bieber after the pop star allegedly said "Hey, I fucked your wife!"
Real Moleman in Seattle
Congress says it doesn't know enough about pot
Man breaks in, to make crab cakes
PUNISH MUSIC PIRATES WITH FINGER AMPUTATIONS, ARTIST SAYS
Language school blogger writes about homophones -- then he's fired for fears he holds a gay agenda
Michele Bachmann Claims President Obama Wants To Use Unaccompanied Children For Medical Experiments
Giraffe hits head on bridge during transport, dies
You Can Send Your Child to Summer Camp in North Korea
Two men report attacks on each other
Watch Deadmau5 and Toronto mayor Rob Ford get a coffee in a Nyan Cat Ferrari
Russia has reestablished contact with Gecko-filled space capsule.
Students assigned to live in bathrooms and closets
Russia restores contact with Gecko-filled space capsule.
Blindfolded giraffe killed after hitting head on bridge
Delivery drone carrying marijuana, cellphones and tobacco crashed outside a S.C. prison
Germany: Muslims angered at insinuation that Muslims are easily angered
India employs men in ape suits to drive away parliament's monkeys
Indian government hires men in ape suits to drive off monkeys in parliament
Giraffe dead after being hit in the head by a low bridge while been transported on a freeway
Report: Chiefs' Sanders Commings breaks ankle after being juked by Jamaal Charles
Oregon's season tickets to feature the scratch-and-sniff scent of burger buns
Language teacher fired after boss thinks "homophone" means "homophobe."
Tennessee Nuclear Lab Cancels 'Lose Your Southern Accent' Class
Secret language of penguins decoded!
Feds accept bordom, lack of work as excuses for surfing porn on clock
Giraffe dies after smashing head on low highway bridge
Blogger gets fired from language school for 'homophones': "This blog about homophones was the last straw. Now our school is going to be associated with homosexuality."
Woman denies trying to hide Syria rebel cash in underwear
Bill Clinton: "I could have killed" Osama bin Laden
Good News, There's a Christian Alternative to Fifty Shades of Grey
Blogger says boss fired him due to assumption about homophones and homosexuality
Man gets 180 days in jail for DUI in SUV full of chickens
Sonic fan art expert rates the pornographic potential for Sonic Boom cast
Utah Boss Fires Employee for Writing Blog Post About "Homophones", Thinking It Had Homosexual Connotations
Language school blogger fired after boss confuses homophones with homophobes and accuses him of 'promoting gay agenda'
Woman calls cops to complain about purity of her meth, gets arrested.
Chance the Rapper Collaborates With Wyclef Jean, Jessie Ware on "Wonderful Everyday: Arthur"
Search ADVERTISEMENT Kid Rock subpoenaed to produce glass sex toy in Insane Clown Posse lawsuit
Alabama man's claim of penis amputation during botched circumcision is 'entirely false': attorney
Website Raises Money To Send M. Night Shyamalan Back To Film School
I understand this breaks rule 3, but 4chan artwork is being sold on ebay for over $2025..
Alabama state officials: We won't comply with the EPA because God gave us coal
Drunk woman attacks cabin crew with false leg
Teacher fired for blog about homophones. Yes, you read that right. Homophones.
Red Robin takes the prize of single unhealthiest meal in America
Giraffe Dies After Smashing Head on Low Highway Bridge in South Africa
SWAT standoff ends in Hayward after officers discover no one is home
Cop Tells Man to Stop Having a Seizure or He'll Break His Arm. He Broke His Arm.
Giraffe dies being transported along a S.African highway
Granny caught speeding, writes thank you note to ISP trooper
An education blogger was fired for teaching students about homophones.
Senate blocks aid to Israel
Rogozin to Obama: You Have Unmanly Pets
Boy shits in aisle on board Delta Airlines flight to Detroit
Russian Response to New Sanctions Could Devastate McDonald's McChicken with Cheese Market
Forrest Griffin Offers To Train Orlando Bloom To Fight Justin Bieber
Australian couple abandon surrogate twin with Down's syndrome - but keep his sister
Giraffe dies from head injuries after trip in back of open truck in South Africa
South Korean Soldier Kills Five Colleagues For Calling Him "SpongeBob"
Virginia student gets $212,500 settlement after water mistaken for beer.
Fifty kilograms (110lbs) of cocaine goes missing from French police HQ in Paris
Deceased fan leaves entire fortune to Norwegian club in his will
Spanish soccer club Cultural Leonesa wear tuxedo-themed kit for charity match
India: Masked monkey men hired to combat macaque menace
Kanye Sues Weird Al For Not Parodying His Music
1000 Children Fleeing Violent Honduras Heading to Violent Chicago
Hangover 3 Plays Out In Real Life As Highway Bridge Kills Giraffe In South Africa
Inflatable Frog Censored After Comparisons to China's Ex-Leader
Illegal immigrant kids exposed federal agents to lice, scabies, tuberculosis and chicken pox, report says
School fires employee after post about homophones
Serbia Freaks The World Out Again As Two New Mysterious Large Holes Discovered
Indian parliament hires monkey impersonators to restore order
U.N. condemns Israel, U.S. for not sharing Iron Dome with Hamas
Mad Genius Tara Reid is Selling a Perfume Called 'Shark by Tara Reid'
The New Privilege: Loudly Denouncing Your Privilege
Girraffe dies after hitting head on South African overpass
You Can Now Smell Like Tara Reid With The 'Shark by Tara' Fragrance
Rick Santorum Blames Gay Marriage For Rise In Single Moms, Polygamy Is Next
Police are investigating the vandalisation of a piece of graffiti
40 Men in Ape Suits to Scare Monkeys Away From Parliament
Man survives getting shot after his massive Samsung Galaxy Mega stops the bullet
S. Africa: Giraffe dies after head hits highway overpass
I'm sure it seemed like the right thing to do...
Banksy artwork vandalised in Cheltenham with spray paint
During Transport, A Giraffe In South Africa Hits Head On Overpass, Dies
Monkey business: Indian government hires 40 people to 'disguise themselves as langurs'
Russia has lost control of a satellite full of lizards
'I want cigarettes and a parachute!': Thomson flight from Tunisia diverted to Gatwick after 'drunk woman attacks cabin crew with her prosthetic leg'
Thomson Airlines Passengers Sing Hokey Cokey As 'Drunk' Woman Is Carted Off Plane After Attacking Crew With False Leg
Vice President Biden loves to skinny dip, says tell-all book
Woman demanded parachute before attacking cabin crew with false leg
Man charged with putting needles in packaged meat 'for the hell of it'
BMW confirms the next piece of the 2-Series jigsaw will be revealed next month
Ultima Forever shutting down
Man Sentenced for Driving Drunk with 100 Chickens in Car
Florida mom arrested after letting son walk to park alone.
Plane forced to land at Gatwick after passenger 'throws prosthetic leg at cabin crew'
Book: The skinny on Biden dipping
Mich. man to have surgery on abnormally large scrotum
Giraffe's dies after hitting head on highway overpass
Sex manual returned to New York Public Library 54 years after it was due
Cop gets job back after claiming boner cream tainted his drug test
Glider pilot leaps from cockpit after wing breaks off in mid-air collision - only to land in front of a combine harvester
Giraffe dies after head hits highway overpass
Hundreds of cats take over Tonawanda Island
Kathie Lee Gifford Producing 'Today' Musical
Cowboys send out playoff tickets
Afghanistan to surpass USA in Vote Counting Integrity
Dying man crashes into house, releasing 60,000 raging bees
South Korea Sent 10,000 Choco Pies Over to North Korea in Balloons
The Times of Israel newswpaper - "When Genocide is Permissible"
Royal Navy rescues BBC's faulty forecast
Giraffe dies after head slams into highway bridge during transport
White guy election wins after leading voters to believe he's black
Boehner Encourages Obama To Take Executive Action, One Day After Voting To Sue Obama Over Executive Action
Harvard Study Concludes Jimmy John's Superior To Every Government In History
Woman charged with sexually abusing 15-year-old boy she met through Xbox after his mother invited her to move in and share a room with him.
Giraffe dies after hitting head on overpass
White guy wins election after leading voters to believe he is black
Fired Miami Beach cop gets job back after blaming cocaine test on sex-aid cream (xpost /r/Miami)
Fired Miami Beach cop gets job back after blaming cocaine test on sex-aid cream
Family overcomes heartwrenching adversity to buy $4 million home in Manhattan
Woman calls cops to complain about the quality of her meth
Giraffe dies after smacking head on overpass
Drunk passenger throws prosthetic leg at flight crew
African American immigrant tries to bring Ebola to the world, after clear symptoms he was well aware of, still traveled, even after visiting his sister whom had just died of Ebola, and he knew it.
GameStop Now Fingerprinting People Trading in Games in Philadelphia to Help Fight Crime
Giraffe dies after hitting head on highway overpass
Putin warns European leaders against aggression, egotism and overweening ambition
India hires mimics to scare monkeys--"Forty Indian men have been hired to impersonate monkeys to scare away the real monkeys from Delhi's parliament and other government buildings."
Montreal man loses arm in meat grinder at vegan restaurant
'He Could Have Brought Ebola Here': Minnesota Widow on Her Husband. Man travels on Plane knowing full well he likely had Ebola, 30,000 humans exposed.
Women trying to get to Iowa DMV end up lost in Prairie Village (KS)
Immigrant Detention Center Has Hair Salon For Women
Ukraine, Russia Spar Over Soccer in Crimea
Authorities in Delhi hire 40 "very talented" men to mimic monkeys... in an effort to scare off real monkeys.
3 Business Lessons From The Sinaloa Drug Cartel
Ryan Gosling cries after sex says lucky girl who got cried on by Ryan Gosling after sex.
Flight diverted after woman throws prosthetic leg
Giraffe killed after truck drives under low bridge
Obama: "We tortured some folks" after 9/11
Harley-Davidson recalls motorcycles to fix vibrations that can cause engines to stall
Burglars break into 21 vegetable shops, decamp with 75kg tomatoes
Choco Pie-filled balloons launched at North Korea
I thought my puppy would unite the world. I was so, so wrong
'Fire challenge' fad growing in popularity with teens
Facebook users dial 911 over social network outage
4-star college basketball recruit dismissed from Maryland after caught stealing candy and an ice cream sandwich
Whoopi Teaches Women of The View How to Pee Standing Up
Not everyone is amused with Hermione Lane misspelling in Potter-themed neighborhood
Obama: 'We Tortured Some Folks'
Eric Holder Sues Police Dept. for Treating Women as Equals
Small bag of sugar sparks eviction battle
People Call 911 When Facebook Goes Down
We tortured some folks
Obama signs bill "unlocking" cellphones
Russian official burns Obama with Putin-leopard pic
Peggy Noonan: America is divided because Obama is "out there dropping his g's": The WSJ columnist says the country can't come together until the president starts enunciating properly
ATLAH Missionary Church, Anti-Gay Harlem Church, Posts ANOTHER Homophobic Sign
Chipotle Espouses Communist Rhetoric On To-Go Bags
The New York Times Just Discovered We Serve Breakfast In Australia, And They Are Losing Their Shit
'Guardians of the Galaxy' is the chili cheese fry of Marvel's movie collection
Girl Deemed Too Hot to Play Team Sports
News channel airs 'Spider-Man' fight instead of footballer's apology
ALLEGED IRONY: Taco Bell Employee Fired for Hiring Latino Workers
SE Portland porn shop criticized for questionable poster
Graffiti artist Banksy's Spy Booth mural defaced with spray paint.
GOP Lawmaker Asks If He Can Join Black Caucus Because He Likes Rap Music
Illinois Man Allegedly Put Sewing Needles in Packaged Meat
GOP Lawmaker Asks If He Can Join Black Caucus: 'I'm Fond Of Rap Music'
Facebook Went Down And People Started Calling The Cops
Obama: The CIA "tortured some folks."
Putin warns Europe over 'aggression' century after WW1
People were calling 911 during the Facebook shutdown today [XPOST FROM /R/OFFBEAT]
Authorities: 19-year-old Omaha man shot in the head was playing Russian roulette
Seattle Parks searching for so-called 'Moleman'
Obama: CIA "tortured some folks."
Peggy Noonan: America is divided because Obama is "out there dropping his g's"
Brickwork teacher swore at students to give them a "taste of life on a building site"
Activists Send Choco Pies Floating Into North Korea
Girl Accused in 'Slender Man' Stabbing Says She Talks to Unicorns and Voldemort
Defendant says he's too heavy to face charges
Theater Surprises 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Fans with Wrong 'Guardians' Movie
Illegals 'Unfamiliarity With Bathroom Facilities' Causing Problems
'Ghost' attacks news photographer inside haunted Pennsylvania home
Feeling Left Out of Global Turmoil, North Korea Threatens Nuclear Strike on White House
10 Life Lessons We've Learned From Dungeons and Dragons
Jamaal Charles' training camp juke leads to ankle surgery for his teammate
Be careful about those circumcisions
911 calls about Facebook outage angers L.A. County sheriff's officials
Polar bear wins tug of war with Nunavut man over beluga
Joe Biden, just a regular guy who goes skinny dipping
19th Century Anarchist Bakunin, Investigated By Brazil's Police As "Suspect"
Man accused of assaulting girlfriend, pet raccoon
Giraffe dies after head hits overpass during truck transport on South African highway
Police: Do not call us if Facebook is down
Cop Who Failed Drug Tests Blames Sex Cream
Clearly they have never seen the hangover.
No Time to Prep Dinner in Your Home - Try Popeyes Chicken
No Time at all to Prepare Supper in the House - Try Popeyes Restaurant
Obama Condenses History With These Four Words: 'We Tortured Some Folks'
3 Steps to Creating the Best Yoga Facebook Page
Cleveland 'Caucasians' shirt becomes a hit on native reserves
Somalia: Islamic supremacists ban samosas for "resembling Christian Trinity"
Canada sets oyster-shucking record
Federal employes blame boredom for porn-surfing habbit
Guests at poorly designed hotel can be seen taking dumps from window
Three New Orleans' men arrested after attempting to sell heroin on Craigslist
Wanted: White People .... So City Will Take Care Of Kelvyn Park - CBS Chicago
Formula One chief Ecclestone offers $33 million to have bribery charges against him dropped
When Facebook Users Dialled 911 Over Outage
Formula One chief Ecclestone offers $100 million to have bribery charges against him dropped
Cannibal Corpse Singer Crowned Hot Dog Eating Champion
FIFA 2014 tablet oyun versiyonu
The guy who reads crap on the Web so you don't have to
Islamist group in Somalia bans samosas after deciding they're too Western: Militants believe triangular snack 'resembles Christian Holy Trinity'
No Record of Marriage Certificate of No Impediment
Oxford Furnace Lake reopens to public after resolving goose poop problem, mayor says
India hires mimics to scare monkeys
Every Armenian 'to write a Wiki entry'
Motorcycle Gang Accused Of Attacking Students In Stillwater
Lawyer moves court against Aamir, says PK poster incites 'sexual violence'
Billionaire Killed By Champagne Bottle Cork
Garbage Truck Named After Author David Sedaris
Giraffe dies after head hits South Africa highway overpass
Cop Explains "Why Cops Hate You."
That Potato Salad Kickstarter has finally ended. Total raised? $55,492.
Highway Covered In Butter After Delicious Accident
Huge Butter Spill Creates Jam on Indianapolis Highway
Couple leave Down's syndrome baby with surrogate but keep his twin sister
Jimmy Graham Flagged for Dunking... At Practice
Cinemagoers flock to see Guardians Of The Galaxy, are shown Rise Of The Guardians instead
Gender neutral 'hen' enters dictionary
Police ID man killed after crashing into vacant home infested with bees
Why Ultra-Orthodox Jewish Babies Keep Getting Herpes
N.J. EMTs break window to save doll from hot car
'Do not drink, do not boil' water advisory issued for issued for Lucas County, surrounding area
I Shot My Dick Off in Vietnam
Climate change will leave wine lovers drunker and poorer
If you played a card game in Hinton, Alberta in the 60s or 70s, and the stakes were a human skull, the RCMP want to talk with you
Swedish police chase German ambulance
SWAT team and bomb squad end seven hour standoff after realizing no one is home
2 Stoners face marijuana charges after Corvallis bust
W.H. accidentally emails torture report doc to AP
Japanese TV series features beautiful model yelling angrily at the camera, and nothing else
LA Residents Call 911 Over Facebook Outage
Man pushes sprout up Snowdon with nose
Gun owners are drawn to Hunterdon cabinet maker's 'concealment furniture'
Man faces attempted murder charge over cookies
Pope Francis should cast out Netanyahu's demons, Nicaragua president says
8-year-old boy, grandmother survive vicious otter attack
Movie Theater Plays Wrong Guardians Movie Three Times In a Row
Warwickshire man nose-pushes Brussels sprout up Snowdon
Facebook GOP Lawmaker Asks If He Can Join Black Caucus Because He Likes Rap Music
Man nose-pushes sprout up mountain
Giraffe hits head on bridge and dies during truck ride in Johannesburg
German schoolboy drops phone on fishing trip, drains entire pond to look for it
Facebook goes down for 30 minutes, 911 calls pour in
Oklahoma Woman Arrested After Calling Police to Complain About Quality Of Crystal Meth
Burglar Nabbed While Cooking Crab Cakes: Police
JPSO arrest men trying to sell heroin on Craigslist
Man slashes own throat in court after incest verdict
Man Dies, 20 Hospitalized at Mad Decent Block Party
Russian Boys Fight the Heat by Turning Living Room Into Swimming Pool
Woman charged with trying to steal unmarked police car with officers inside
Armpit Selfies Gain Popularity In China
Man sabotaging efforts to rescue cat stuck in bird feeder
Should We Return The Nutrients In Our Pee Back To The Farm?
Group says saboteur is preventing rescue of cat with head stuck in bird feeder [x-post /r/Canada]
Sex-toy tester enjoys lucrative, fulfilling work environment
GameStop Bonus: Trade In Video Game, Get Your Fingerprints Uploaded To National Database For Free
Guy Shoots Dog Over Parking Space
"I love sex, I have it 4 times daily....If my daughter decides to be like me, I'll let her" -- Maheeda
North Texas Doctor Fighting Ebola Asks For Prayers
Shooting Victim Saved As Samsung Galaxy Mega Takes A Bullet For Him
Rowan Williams: Islam Restores Traditional British Values
Homeless man jailed after stealing cookies from church
California teen sets self ablaze in 'fire challenge'
Booby-Trapped Explosives Built into Walls of UNRWA Clinic
Movie theaters play rise of the guardians instead of guardians of the galaxy.
Friendship day Facebook Status Updates
German neo-Nazis: We're pro-Israel, condemn anti-Semitism
12 yr old girl, one of two Slender Man stabbing suspects, ruled mentally unfit for trial by judge; She claims to have conversations with unicorns and Voldemort
LG Addresses G Watch Corrosion Issue With Software Update
Hey y'all, what's wrong with a drawl?
Burned teen warns others of dangers of "Fire Challenge"
Peach bum pants crack the Chinese fruit market
Sweaty suspect gives cops the slip
God directs me to impregnate married women and their daughters- Pastor
Veterinarian Loses License After Sex With Dog And Horse
New York targets Times Square Elmos and Cookie Monsters
Framed 4Chan Post "Sells" for $90,900 on eBay
16 Pets Who Want You To Take Them To The Edinburgh Festival Fringe... Jesus Christ
Grover Norquist Explains Why He's Going to Burning Man
Saudi king calls for united stance against terrorism
FL Fart get dead fan's 4 million kroner windfall
Allin1jobs | Freshers jobs
United Airlines headquarters hit by bedbugs
Illinois man angered by 3 missing Chips Ahoy! cookies tries to kill roommate, police say
Batman sues Batman over Batman
Compound Built for Jailed Polygamist Warren Jeffs is now a Bed and Breakfast
Teenager deemed 'too attractive' to play team sports
Cat gave me words from beyond the grave to pen poetry book
#WomenAgainstFeminism goes viral as people explain why they don't need feminism anymore
LaPorte teen commits suicide with help of website
Vat of Eggnog Flavoring Explodes at Lab; 2 Hurt
Luxury Cruise Line Accused of Offering 'Environmental Disaster Tourism' with High-Carbon Footprint Arctic Voyage
Russian deputy PM mocks Obama by tweeting 'unmanly' photo of president
Lego Releases Female Scientists Set; May Appease 7-Year-Old Critic
Diners get discount for praying at restaurant
90-year-old grandma with shotgun surrenders after hours-long SWAT standoff
Area man nose-pushes Brussels sprout up small mountain.
Parents Are Now Getting Arrested for Letting Their Kids Go to the Park Alone
Boy is disqualified for dunking a basketball at a basketball game
Wall Streeters Worry That They're Paid Too Little and You're Paid Too Much
Digital-age robber foiled by analog elderly woman at convenience store in Fukuoka
'Blinging up baby': Mother sparks outrage by dressing up her four-year-old daughter in a HOOTERS outfit for beauty pageant
Teen hospitalized after failing the Fire Challenge.
Man Stabbed, Steals Van, Runs Over Woman, Drives To Hospital, Arrested
Does This War Make Me Look Fat?
Calif. School District Decides Learning about Diversity Is More Important Than Learning Geography
Katy Perry: I Want to Join the Illuminati!
Woman Allegedly Tries to Steal Police Car With Two Officers Inside
Homeless shelter shuts down to make way for condo
Glenn Beck: I Said 'Stupid Things' While At Fox News
New Executive Order allows US citizens to be detained for exhibiting symptoms of a respiratory illness.
Hundreds Of Feral Cats Take Over Island, Possibly Plot Further Invasions
Workers in China build square track in athletic stadium
Police: 2 hurt when vat of eggnog flavoring explodes at Pharmachem Laboratories in Totowa
150-pound tortoise found strolling Alhambra
Two nearly naked men lure squirrel to edge of Grand Canyon with treats, then kick it over
Wall Street Frets That You're Getting Paid Too Much
Poles eat apples to annoy Putin.
Russia bans western oxygen
Couple Reports Child Left in Hot Car, Mom Runs Them Over (VIDEO)
LA Residents Call 911 To Seek Help Over Facebook Outage
Beethoven's 'Eroica,' A Bizarre Revelation Of Personality
A.J McLean (Backstreet Boy) Thinks MH17 and Gaza Are The Same!
North Korea Calls US 'Mentally Retarded Patient"
Man, 21, kills himself trying to take gun selfie
Experts: Ebola Vaccine At Least 50 White People Away
Toilet Shortage in India Fuels Rape as Women Are Prey Walking to Wheat Fields
US police detain giant tortoise after brief chase
Minnesota Now Requires A Criminal Conviction Before People Can Lose Their Property To Forfeiture
Feminist claims that sexual intercourse is always rape.
Host of 2,000+ person party: 'worth it' despite drug overdoses
Language Blogger Fired for Writing About Homophones
Ebola outbreak: Western drugs firms have not tried to find vaccine 'because virus only affects Africans', says UK's top public health doctor
Cops: Drunken woman tried to drive off in unmarked police car _ with 2 officers still inside
Bored mechanics build rifle, shoot man
Boy, Hipsters Sure Are Defensive About Their Almond Milk
Top 10 Bizarre Facts about Vladimir Putin
Man accidentally kills himself posing with a gun for a Facebook selfie
Russia Bans Western Oxygen - (x/r/humor)
Breast cancer survivor killed fulfilling bucket list dream of horseback ride on beach
Man Shoots "Friend" Multiple Times While Filming Rap Video
Santa Ana teen lights himself on fire for internet challenge
732-year-old woman' gets a cycle from Chhattisgarh government
Man arrested after reports car he stole was stolen
No Time to Ready Dinner in the House - Try Popeyes Fried Chicken
Man shot multiple times while filming rap video in Bronx
Facebook goes down, people dial 911
Dog wedding raises money for Olathe animal shelter
Verizon Customer Fakes Death to End Contract
Cop keeps job after proving cocaine in his system was from sex cream
Belleville man says he doesn't know why he put needles in grocery store meat
Ohio Lawmaker Proposes LeBron License Plate
Buy Cheap Fifa 15 Coins,Fifa Coins at Fifa15coinsbuy.co.uk
Boy Lost in NYC Calls It 'Greatest Day of My Life'
French hospital opens wine bar for patients
I sleep with whoever I want, whenever I want!
Michelle Shocked Releases Album in High-Pitch Frequencies Only Audible To Dogs
12 men circumcised by force as circumcision kicks off in Luhyia land
No Record of Marriage License of No Impediment
Giraffe Dies After Hitting Head On Highway Bridge
Sleep loss from Gaza rockets also harmful: study
These Ivory Coast Cacao Farmers Had Never Tasted Chocolate
2 hurt when vat of eggnog flavoring explodes at N.J. lab
Unhappy with sex services? Don't call us, Singapore says
Sheena Kavanagh dies after lick on hand from pet dog
Fight over takeaway gozleme lands one in hospital, one in police custody
Drunk pastor punched paramedic and threatened to murder police after crashing into family in car
Michigan Man Crashes Into Empty House Filled With Bees, Dies
Michigan man dies after driving car into abandoned home, releasing 50,000 bees
Man pushes Brussels sprout up Snowdon with his nose in four days
There Is Now A Marijuana Lubricant That Can Trigger A 15-Minute Orgasm
The rare fossil of a baleen whale, thought to be between 16 million and 17 million years old, has been "rescued" from a Southern California backyard, paleontologists say.
Man rolls Brussels sprout to the top of Mount Snowdon...with his nose
Israeli official calls for concentration camps in Gaza
Thailand's military junta bans Tropico 5 because it allows players to stage a coup
Thailand's military junta bans Tropico 5 saying it could hurt the country's security.
Thirsty Thief Breaks Through Brick Wall For Beer
Russia re-establishes contact with sex lizard satellite
Bill O'Reilly's Marijuana Legalization Poll Completely Backfires
GayStation charity console won by a Pokémon
edith cano single spring and summer 2014 new leather boots,heavy-bottomed hollow boots boots women boots in cool boots 55762
Kentucky pastor dies after being bitten by 'holy snake' and refusing to be treated by humans
Al-Qaeda prefers Android over Apple's iOS
DUI suspect blew staggering 9.0 blood alcohol level
Plane Makes Emergency Landing After Drunk Passenger Attacks Crew with Prosthetic Leg
Giraffe's head hits highway overpass
Mayonnaise factory manager gives up job - to become a NATIVE AMERICAN
Hotel fines $500 for every bad review posted online
Man arrested after police find meth in his Frosted Flakes
Hotel Fines Brides For Negative Yelp Reviews
The Ashes of the Man Who Coined the Term 'Rock 'n' Roll' Will Be Removed From Rock's Hall of Fame
Secret serum likely saved Ebola patients
NY Hotel Fines Brides And Grooms $500 For Each Negative Reviews Posted By Their Wedding Guests
Man Accused of Trying to Kill Roommate After She Ate Chips Ahoy Cookies for Breakfast
New Delhi Hires Monkey Impersonators to Protect Parliament
This hotel will charge you $500 if you or your wedding guests leave a negative review on Yelp.
Rick Perry says youths crossing the border is a 'side issue'
South Korea Is Airlifting Choco Pies To The North To Troll Kim Jong-Un
Eggnog blast in New Jersey injures two, damages building
Contraband Choco Pies Float Into North Korea by Balloon
Amtrak train leaves Penn Station for Washington, D.C., without its passengers
Thailand's military rulers ban Tropico 5 as threat to national security
Motorcyclist dies in collision with bear
GOP Candidate 'Disproves' Climate Change With Simple Scientific Device
Pro-Gun Picture Book for Children Aims to Reassure Kids About Parents' Weapons
Ugandans baffled by sleeping ministers
Belarusian authorities find no lies on Russian TV
Kệ tivi thông minh - giải pháp tối ưu cho nhà chật
Selena Gomez -- My Rear Got Banged Up
Man Wearing Padded Breasts Poses as Cab Driver, Scams Drunk D.C. People
Fight over golf rules sends 2 to hospital
Squirrel kicked into Grand Canyon after men lure it to edge with trail of breadcrumbs
Ikea bags stuffed with the remains of 80 people found in Swedish church
Thom Yorke DJs for 8 people at Leopallooza
Low-speed chase ends as police man tortoise
13 injured in head-on crash with Duck, official says
3 human skulls donated to Seattle-area thrift store
Man dies after falling on knife
Alleged Groper Bites Off Man's Fingertip at Beyonce, Jay Z Concert
Trolls bring down the launch of conservative social network "Reaganbook"
Panicking citizens flood LA police with 911 calls - because Facebook is down
Katy Perry wants to join Illuminati
Thom Yorke makes secret moves in Cornwall
Panicking Citizens Flood Police With 911 Calls Because Facebook Is Down
Cops: Drunk woman got in police car with officers inside
Giant whale shark driven through streets of China on roof of fisherman's tractor
Fighting slavery with fashion. Will it work in Columbus OH?
Sun and indoor tanning can cause skin cancer, surgeon general warns
Indiana Congressman says immigrant kids might have ebola
Garnier care packages boost Israeli soldiers' beauty regimens
Church Insists on Pressing Charges After Homeless Man Eats $2.25 Worth of Cookies
Drunk vicar crashes car 3 times over limit.. then threatens to 'blow up' police
Why your washing machine is a security risk
LA residents call 911 when Facebook goes down
Burglar enters home through dog flap, tries to steal bike, forgets how to ride it
Thai government bans 'military rule' computer game (Civ 5)
Russia's tank biathlon world championship kicks off outside Moscow
Grand Canyon investigating squirrel-kicking video
Egg Nog Explosion Rocks New Jersey Factory
The Selfie Toaster Is A Real Thing You Can Actually Buy
One-eyed man arrested in connection with double murder at 7-Eleven
Pelosi Chases Republican Tom Marino Across House Chamber
Ikea bags stuffed with the human remains of 80 people found in church
5-year-old Minnesota mayor loses re-election bid for third term
Nigerian Doctor who treated Liberian Ebola victim, Patric Sawyer, has contracted the virus
Hams aide: 'I have jewish friends'
Hamas aide: 'I have jewish friends'
Vanilla Ice calls the new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle rap 'artificial' and 'corporate'.
Chips Ahoy! cookies central to attempted murder case
Fan's Finger Bitten Off At Beyoncé/Jay Z Concert
Tortoise torture suspect now facing sex charges
Algorithm recovers speech from the vibrations of a potato-chip bag filmed through soundproof glass.
Union Street Guest House now claiming that $500 fine for a bad review "Was A Joke".
Amtrak leaves station without passengers. Apologizes with Doritos.
Man shoots himself in the head taking a selfie with a gun.
Exploding eggnog injures 2 in New Jersey
Gangster rap lyrics cannot be used as evidence in shooting case, N.J. Supreme Court rules
Radiohead's Thom Yorke plays DJ set to 'half a dozen drunk hippies' at Cornwall festival
Brave Israeli Woman asks, "Does the War in Gaza make me look fat?"
Unwanted Senior Labrador Takes Private Jet to New Home
Cop Receives NYPD Medal, Breaks Into Apartment, Beats Woman
Scientists reconstruct speech through soundproof glass by watching a bag of potato chips
6-year-old boy drives on Bronx River Parkway
Kid Rock: I don't have glass sex toy sought in Insane Clown Posse case
A brand new weapon for spiritual warfare. The "Shut up, Devil" smartphone app.
Michigan Man Hosts Party of the Century (X-Post From /r/videos)
Pregnant squirrel trashes couple's Montreal home
Meth lab in trunk of vehicle that struck cruiser
5-year-old mayor loses re-election in Minnesota
Malia Obama Straight Up Kicked A Girl At Lollapalooza
This game controller will give you better orgasms
Google removes 'Bomb Gaza' mobile game from online app store
Austin police rescue pet raccoon from hot car
Cliven Bundy: God Told Me To Fight 'Civil War' Against Feds
Military-Ruled Thailand Bans Game About Military Rule
Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy: 'The Lord told me' to fight a 'civil war' with federal agents
Suspected thief 'caught making crab cakes at restaurant he broke into'
Freak photo moustache casts Adolf Hitler shadow over talks
Russian soldier posts selfies-from inside Ukraine
Kids setting themselves ablaze for Internet fame in 'fire challenge' video craze, authorities warn
Georgia Senate Candidate Clinches Waka Flocka Endorsement
Thom Yorke plays tiny DJ set at Cornwall festival to just 8 people
Rick Scarborough: God Would Be Perfectly Justified In Nuking America Over Gay Ambassadors
Mystery over dead koala dumped in police driveway with $50 in its mouth
Vanilla Ice says that the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" song sounds "artificial," "like a bunch of executives in the corporate world put it together."
UN: When Palestinian Men Beat Their Wives, It's Israel's Fault
Indiana Congressman says illegal immigrant kids might have Ebola... despite being from different continent.
Rick Perry and Sean Hannity are on Mexican border patrol
UN Condemns Israel's Latest War Crime: Not Sharing Iron Dome with Hamas Terrorists
MUSEUM GROUNDS CREW STRUGGLES TO CONTAIN PIRANHA INFESTATION IN CRYSTAL BRIDGES' UPPER POND
Website Designing Company in Faridabad ,Offshore Software Development Company
Judge poses hypothetical in abortion ruling: What if you could only buy guns at two places in Alabama?
Google offers "Bomb Gaza" game on mobile App Store.
Pennsylvania mother smells foul odor, finds son died 4 days earlier
Tansa lake overflows, water cuts to continue
Dead koala with $50 stuffed in mouth dumped at police station
F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone offers £60m settlement to end German bribery trial, court hears
F1 Bernie Ecclestone boss charged with bribery offences offers the German court $60M to make the case go away. Court doesn't refuse...
3-D printing finds its 'sweet spot' through 'nifty shades of gray'
School fires blogger over post about homophones, citing 'gay agenda'
Time Warner And Comcast Just Happen To Boost Customer Speeds Near Google Fiber
F1 Boss Bernie Ecclestone Pays $100m to End Bribery Trial
Rand Paul says he never proposed ending aid to Israel - even though he did
Israeli General: No Civilians in Gaza
F1 chief Ecclestone offers court $100 mn to quash bribery charges
Ecclestone to pay $100 million to settle bribery case
German prosecutors say they would accept an offer of $100m (£60m) from Formula 1 chief Bernie Ecclestone to end his trial on bribery charges.
AZ gov candidate: I practice shooting with my eyes closed in case I'm 'attacked in the night'
Follow up: Hotel's $500 bad review fee blows up in its face on Yelp!
Saudi religious police won't use celebrities to improve image
Outrage in Saudi Arabia after female TV presenter becomes the first woman ever to read the news in the country without a veil
Watch: Unveiled Saudi anchorwoman causes controversy
St. Harper's Poster Piglet
People are taking selfies with hummus to promote dialogue between Israel and Palestine.
Man Charged With Attempted Murder After Attacking Roommate Over Eating Cookies
Kid Rock says he doesn't own a glass dildo, tells lawyers suing ICP to leave him alone
'Sugar daddy' Dotcom trying to game NZ election: PM
Anti-Abortion Activists Freak Out Over Shop's Planned Parenthood Ice Cream Flavor
New ice cream flavor supports Planned Parenthood
Filipino Universities will offer a Bachelor of Science in Defense of the Ancients (BS.DOTA) Course next year
Man charged with violating Virginia's 'French Kiss' law
Fake dollars: Unambitious counterfeiters producing poor $1 bills
Photos of Stillborn Baby Comfort Parents, Touch Facebook Community
Dem. Lawmaker Uses German Luftwaffe Uniform To Portray U.S. Navy In Campaign Mailer
A crying child on 'Game of Thrones' reminded Kansas man that he left a baby in a hot car.
Border Patrol Agent Response
New brew is tribute to Black Country faggot king
The first lady of Cameroon and her hair have touched down in D.C.
"Game of Thrones" reminds foster dad of baby in hot car
F1 boss Ecclestone pays to end bribery trial
Drunken Woman With Snake Around Her Neck Crashes Into Firehouse
5-year-old mayor loses re-election in Minnesota to 16-year-old
Jets' iPad access code a nod to last time they won it all
Seven in Ten Americans Think Others Lied on This Poll - but Fewer than One in Ten Admit to Doing So Themselves
Would-be bakery robbers get doughnuts, no money.
Long Island Woman Wearing Stolen Snake Crashes Prius Into Fire Station
CNN correspondent Arwa Damon apologizes after lawsuit claimed she bit 2 medics in drunken rage at U.S. Embassy in Baghdad
Republican lawmaker asks to join the Black Caucus because he likes rap.
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ousts DJ Alan Freed's ashes, adds Beyonce's leotards
Child molester gets 500 years in prison
Justin Bieber song scares away bear, Russian fisherman saved
Police: 12-year-old steals, crashes school bus
Burglar smokes dead woman's ashes
Taxi driver disguised in wig, bra, pleads guilty to fleecing customers
China investigating Canadian coffee shop owners on espionage charges
Dunkin' Donuts Unveils First-Ever Coffee Flavored Donuts
Before a High-Stakes Standardized Test, Uzbekistan Shut the Whole Country's Internet Down
Boy mayor, 5, loses re-election bid in Minnesota
London Grammar deny being members of the Illuminati
Gaza rocket hits Palestinian home in Bethlehem (West Bank)
Burglar 'smokes dead woman's ashes thinking they're drugs'
Ashes of man's late wife smoked during break in
Electric Zoo Festival Attendees Will Be Forced To Watch Anti-Drug PSA Before Entry
Girls missing at eastern Ontario campground after game of hide and seek
Ashley Olsen's Boyfriend Is Even Older Than Mary-Kate's
5-Year-Old Mayor in Minnesota Loses Re-Election to a Teenager
Is Gardeners' Question Time racist? An academic claims the Radio 4 programme's regular discussions on soil purity and non-native species promote racial stereotypes
The unlucky law firm which went from sharing name with Holocaust denier to sharing name with terrorist group
Justin Bieber's 'baby' song scares away a bear and saves a man's life
Saudi holidaymaker searching for unspoiled patch of Knightsbridge to continuously rev Bugatti Veyron engine
Man accidentally kills himself taking gun-toting selfie
Why New Yorkers Are Getting Matched With Dogs on Tinder
Woman Crashes Into Firehouse With Stolen Snake Around Neck: Cops
Company Pays Settlement in Buckets of Loose Change
Oscar Mayer wants to buy the World's Largest Catsup Bottle
Police: Freeport woman stole $54 worth of underwear from Wal-Mart
Someone's bold plan to relocate Israel into the United States.
Drunken woman crashes into Long Island firehouse wearing a live snake around her neck
Woman crashes car while shaving private parts
New social media trend has teens setting themselves on fire
Police: Woman Who Crashed Into New Hyde Park Fire House Had Stolen Snake Wrapped Around Her Neck
Amarillo Police Investigate Crash, Driver Shot, and a Finger Bit Off
Sheriff: Animal shelter director growled at hospital security
Bi-racial employee discriminated against because she wasn't 'black enough,' Nova Scotia human rights board rules
Eggnog explosion in New Jersey injures 2 people
Ayaan Hirsi Ali: Netanyahu 'Should Get The Nobel Peace Prize'
It's Bananas: India Hires 'Monkey Mimics' To Scare Away Real Ones
Teen Looks Cool in Flannel, Amasses 130,000 Instagram Followers
Joplin woman suing Home Depot for tornado deaths
POPULAR GARDENING SHOW IS RACIST BECAUSE IT TALKS ABOUT 'NON-NATIVE' SPECIES, SAYS ACADEMIC
Woman Drunk Driving With A Stolen Python Wrapped Around Her Neck Crashes Into Long Island Firehouse
21 Year Old Attempts Gun Selfie Shoots Himself in the Head
Michele Bachmann Calls for 100% Tax on 'Illegal Aliens'
Police: Albany woman who crashed into Long Island firehouse had stolen snake wrapped around neck
No 'bite clause' in Luis Suarez contract
For months, 911 callers got automated message that said "hang up and dial 911"
Kid Rock doesn't appreciate appearing in headlines near the words "glass dildo"
Study: More Photographs Of Bigfoot Than Of Hamas Fighters
Tiny flying robots are being built to pollinate crops instead of real bees
Mark Moseley says 'no red men have said anything derogatory to me' about the Redskins name
ISIS leader says that Rome will be their next target
Kid Rock Tells Lawyers in Insane Clown Posse Dildo Case to Shove It
Climatologist Says Arctic Carbon Release Could Mean "We're Fucked"
West Chester Man Allegedly Gave Kitten Heroin, Choked It With A Rope
Rand Paul Flees in Terror From Mexican Immigrant
Government Transparency Website Missed $619 Billion in Spending
MAN KILLED IN ARGUMENT OVER MILITARY BRANCHES.
Hamas Scare Clip Becomes Israel's Summer Hit
Pet owner accused of injecting kitten with heroin, choking animal with rope.
BYU's 'Rise As One' Slogan Sacked After School Realizes Budweiser Uses It
Bear and Cubs eat woman (19) alive while on phone to her mother. ("Mom, I'm being.... ate")
Man Bitten by Attacker During Arctic Monkeys' Lollapalooza Set
Randy Queen Keeps Digging: Issues DMCA Takedown On Blog Post About Him Issuing DMCA Takedowns
Online Piracy Makes Stallone 'sad'
A Male Feminists Take on Crying, Pornography, and Miley Cyrus
Giraffe dies after hitting head on highway overpass - Los Angeles News
Russian Angler Plays Bieber Ringtone to Scare Off Attacking Bear
Eastern Shore men charged with trying to carve off roommate's tattoo
New York driver with snake around her neck crashes into firehouse
The Forces Behind Argentina's Default
Armed robber asks for Gadsden man's wallet, gets his shorts too
F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone pays to end bribery trial
Police Ask Facebook Users To Stop Calling Them When The Site Goes Down
Naked, drunk Oregon man falls into river while masturbating
Driver calls 911 to complain about traffic ticket
I thought this was a joke article until I got to the comments: 25 critical facts about this ebola outbreak that every American needs to know
White man gets life for stealing 50 cent donut.
An academic claims the Radio 4 programme's regular discussions on soil purity and non-native species promote racial stereotypes.
Dad uses Find My iPhone to hunt and kill thug who stole son's iPhone
Uber be damned: Clickhole's Whysk is a transportation app that uses monks instead of cars
Hamas chief declares victory over Israel
Kim Jong Un Gives Field Guidance to Chonji Lubricant Factory
Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on gmail Share on email Share on print More Sharing Services 0 Giraffe collides with overhead bridge, killed during transport
Pregnancy rates high for queer youth
Ebola risk unheeded as Guinea's villagers keep on eating fruit bats
Michigan State inaccurately spells 'accurate' on locker-room sign
Giraffe collides with overhead bridge, killed during transport
Coup-hit Thailand bans Tropico 5 computer game, which simulates military dictatorship
Rapper shoots best friend 5 times while filming Rap video
Adventurous young seal begs humans for free surfing lessons.
Kim Jung Un Went to a Lubricant Factory
Oscar Mayer Wants To Buy World's Largest Catsup Bottle Because The Wienermobile Is Lonely
Woman, 92, gets probation in diarrhea hit-and-run.
$619 billion missed from federal transparency site
Police ask festival-goers to turn in their drugs
Paul George cheers himself up with new Ferrari (he can't even drive yet)
Md. hoops recruit loses scholarship over Twix ice cream
No Time at all to Prep Supper in the House - Try Popeyes Restaurant
Grandmothers get robbed, start gun group
'You are way too fat' flagged as undesirable description of weight: study
WorldStarHipHop Movie Coming From Paramount Insurge
Thief caught picking cop's pocket - twice
LOCAL QUEENSLAND NATIONAL WORLD WEIRD TECHNOLOGY OPINION PHOTOS WEATHER Last updated: August 06, 2014 WEATHER: BRISBANE10C-22C Passenger fails to mind the gap at Stirling train station, commuters work together to free him
Man charged with attempted murder after attacking roommate over cookies
People power frees man from train gap
Horses' mobile ears are 'communication tool'
Marion Cotillard convinced of having been haunted by the spirit of Edith Piaf after her role in La Vie en rose.
Just one simple question can identify narcissistic people
The key to happiness? Really low expectations according to scientists
Violinist laid off by RTE is awarded €13,500
Soccer Star Ezequiel Lavezzi Poses With Naked Vagina
California wildfires temporarily suspend search for aliens
The Case For Allowing The Blind To Buy Guns, From An NRA News Contributor
George Osborne hopes to turn Britain into bitcoin capital
Sperms stolen from IVF lab in Moolchand Hospital
Your Bag of Chips Is Spying on You
"Bored" California man sentenced to nearly two years for laser strike
Old Cigarette Butts Could Be Used To Make Supercapacitors
Judge frees NY mayor jailed in kids camp dispute
Justin Bieber Baby Song Saves Russian Man From Bear Attack
Porn production plummets in L.A.
EMTs at U.S. Baghdad Embassy Say a Drunk CNN Reporter Bit Them
Ebola virus causes outbreak of infectious dance tune
Utah baby dies after being forgotten in hot car, mom claims tragic 'accident' stemmed from change in routine - NY Daily News
Grandmother Saves Grandson From Rare Otter Attack
Jihadis-They're Just Like Us! Seriously Guys, Who Stole My M&M's?
Bernie Ecclestone pays $100 million to make bribery trial end.
Man faces attempted murder charge after roommate eats his cookies
Uh oh, now they're using bags of potato chips to spy on us
Costa Concordia captain gives lecture on 'Managing Panic'
Wikipedia refuses to delete photo as 'monkey owns it'
Battle over therapy pig continues
Premier League to stop players who lose consciousness from playing on
Photographer mulls suing Wikimedia over monkey selfie
Wikimedia refuses to remove animal selfie because 'monkey owns the copyright'
Generous North York widow flooded with charity junk mail
Delhi gang rape: India outrage over fashion shoot
Explosion reported at manure digester near Waunakee
Civil Guard discovers 127 kilos of cocaine on Spanish navy training ship
Peaches Sold as Sexy Butts in China
Wikimedia refuses to remove animal selfie because monkey 'owns' the photo
Photo of Montana Attorney General Fox used in online dating scam
Chinese Businessman Sells Peaches in Panties Because Butts
Landlord Vs. Tenant dispute ends in gun battle and vehicular mayhem.
Denmark's cage-free zoo will put humans in captivity
Kanye West Compares Fight Against Paparazzi To Civil Rights Movement
Dundee sheriff will decide what to do with the drunken sailor
Wildfire delays search for alien life
Landlord-tenant dispute on Birdseye Road leads to shots being fired
Mom Sells 'Spoiled Brat' Daughter's Katy Perry Tickets
Russia Defense Ministry to open social network accounts to bring unbiased info to Pentagon
Tara Reid thinks Sharknado could actually happen
Hitchhiking robot is halfway across Canada
Squirrel kick video: £10,000 reward offered to track down 'heartless' French men who kicked squirrel into Grand Canyon
Reward offered after squirrel kicked into Grand Canyon
New York driver with stolen snake around her neck crashes into firehouse
Argument over 'best military branch' ends in murder
87-year-old nudist running for sheriff in Washington; likes his odds
Flight Attendant Warns Travelers to Flush Their Drugs Before Landing
Austria: Police tell nude female cyclist to wear clothes
Charlton Moron Robs Homes With 2 Year Old, Wife In Car, Runs Away, Gets Caught Hiding Underneath Laundry At Home
Disgraced Concordia captain invited to lecture students on emergency procedures
Mom Calls Cops After Discovering Son, 15, Was Watching Porn On Living Room TV
Teacher arrested after showing up for first day of work drunk and without her pants
Kim Jong Un Went to a Lubricant Factory
Dictatorship simulator cuts too close to the bone for Thailand's dictator
A Real Pickle: Norman Foster's London Gherkin Is For Sale
Hitler's craziness was caused by syphillis
Kanye West Calls For Equal Rights For Celebrities
Barack Obama Was The Subject Of A Racist Laser Show At The Moscow Embassy Last Night
Woman Uses Nike+ to Draw Dicks, Strippers, Corgis While She Runs
Justin Bieber song Baby saves Russian fisherman from bear attack
Rave Bro Has No Regrets Over Party
Man seeking to sue Michael Jackson
Man, 78, drove drunk to swimming pool to have shower
Man Attempted to Murder Roommate After She Ate Cookies for Breakfast
Restaurant Posts Sign Insulting Entire Town on Its Way Out of Business
A Woman Draws Enormous Dicks Using Nike+
Teens stand in "selfie line" to take picture with YouTube star rapidly.
Judge Jeanine Pirro on ISIS: "They're Coming For US!"
Truck Driven Into River, Driver Blames GPS
Deputies Pepper Spray 'Larger Than Normal' 6-Year-Old
Closed Italian Restaurant In Texas Blasts Customers as 'Redneck Sacks of Goat Sperm
New Jersey Hospital Charges Man Nearly $9K to Bandage Cut Finger
Kim Jong Un Amused by Lubricant at North Korea Factory
71-year-old accused of leaving Bloods, Crip graffiti on Mount Pleasant building, disses police, Jesus, pope
Wasp stings Norwegian man on crotch and causes car-crash
Tortoises master touchscreen technology
Costa Concordia Captain Gives Panic Lecture
Top 10 Worst Slums in the Most Unexpected Areas
Pope Francis to young people: Get off the Internet and do something productive, for God's sake
Police: Teacher Found In Classroom Intoxicated, Without Pants On Her First Day
Female runner uses Nike+ to draw incredible pictures of penises and aliens
Female runner uses Nike+ to map penis shaped runs around San Francisco
University professor in Rome facing Disciplinary hearing after inviting Captain of the Costa Concordia to Lecture students on Emergency Procedures
It's the season of goodwill, said victim, as neighbour flung him over a fence
Obama is infecting Christians with Ebola to destroy Jesus and start a new age of liberal darkness
After wrong-way accident in car with lapsed registration and no insurance, ex-D.C. Mayor Marion Barry gets his car back after $1,045 in overdue traffic fines dismissed
Teenager breaks obviously funeral home to steal children's movies
Russia tank biathlon world championship begins
Police: Men tried to remove housemate's arm tattoo
SEE IT: NRA's Dom Raso advocates letting the blind buy and use guns Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/video-nra-dom-raso-advocates-blind-people-guns-article-1.1892746#ixzz39dqyn4dJ
Man Takes Selfie Moments Before Deadly Shark Attack
Restaurant offers 15 percent discount to diners who pray publicly before their meal
NRA wants to give the blind guns
There's Only One Way To Make Money And It's No Secret!
Kenyan journalist who once offered Bill Clinton 40 goats for Chelsea's hand in marriage is trampled to death by an elephant
Athlete using run tracker apps to draw penises
The most hilariously named ex-Apple employee is auctioning off his old business card
Man, allegedly French, filmed kicking squirrel off edge of the Grand Canyon
Adam 'Pacman' Jones Threatens Ludacris over Instagram Post
United Nations Says Israel to Blame When Palestinians Beat their Wives
Man gets jail for tagging courthouse while facing vandalism charges
Crazy 4 Foot Tall Otter Jumps on Boy's Head, Attacks Grandma, Shuts Down Pilchuck River
Swiss parliament employee uncovered tweeting nude workplace selfies
Alarm after armed cops spotted in Inverness shops
Suspected Juggalos attempt to cut off man's tattoo and set him on fire
Russian fisherman saved from vicious bear attack by his Justin Bieber ringtone
Man tries to kill woman after she eats his cookies.
Woman slices open husbands throat. Claims she was "dreaming about filleting a fish".
Capt Francesco Schettino teaches panic management course at Rome university
Teenager arrested after breaking into funeral home to steal children's DVD's
Huntsville donor donates, then steals bag of blood from LifeSouth mobile bloodbank
NRA News Commentators | Ep. 84: Dom Raso "Firearms and the Blind"
Man Buys Every Pie at Local Burger King to Spite Shitty Little Brat
Chris Bosh Introduces Line of 'Mr. Nice Tie' Ties
Kentucky Floating Restaurant Sinks Into River
Chinese billionaire dies from a champagne bottle.
China city bans people with large beards or Islamic clothing from buses
Sylvester Stallone Wants Sigourney Weaver for THE EXPENDABELLES
Cows are also fans of Lorde's "Royals"
This Calgary radio station has started cutting songs in half so listeners don't get bored
Representative Mo Brooks discusses the devastating 'War on Whites'. Fortunately no civilians were harmed.
Man accidentally sets house on fire trying to kill spider
Man Attempts Gun Selfie, Dies by Accident
Asshole defends other asshole
How Kim Kardashian's iOS Game Could Make $200 Million This Year
Police: Wagoner teacher jailed after showing up at school drunk, pantless
California man sues Sony over Killzone's 1080p graphics claims
Brutus the monster crocodile eats bull shark in Northern Territory
Bridgend woman sets house on fire trying to kill spider
Man Buys 23 Burger King Apple Pies to Spite a Small Child
House fire after woman sets spider alight
Cheese too salty and a risk to public health, study finds.
Man kicks squirrel off of Grand Canyon ledge
Kim Kardashian Video Game on Track to Earn $200 Million
Eric Garner Was Not Put in a Chokehold, Police Unions Say
It Only Took Half The Wikipedia Entry On Libertarianism To Convince Me It Was The Right Political Ideology For America
Bobby Tufts, 5-Year-Old Mayor, Unseated By 16-Year-Old In Dorset, Minnesota
Independent Movie Budgets: How to Prepare the Basic Top Sheet
Government Discovers Unreleased Duke Nukem Game
Alliance Boots is to be bought up by US pharmacy giant Walgreens, with the new firm to be called Walgreens Boots Alliance.
Area radio station edits down songs to half the normal length so listeners don't get bored.
Oklahoma teacher jailed for being drunk at school and not wearing pants
Congress: Less Popular than Head Lice
Ayan Hirsi Ali: Bibi Netanyahu deserves Nobel Peace Prize for Gaza campaign
Top 10 Nostradamus Predictions for Early 2015
Islamic State's new icon is a hipster jihadi
Former Apple Store employee Sam Sung is auctioning off his work gear for charity
Arrest warrant issued for Baker City Councilman accused of stealing pie
Parking Lot Attendant Gives Away Keys To $82K Car Because Thief Asked Nicely
Arrest warrant issued for Baker City Councilman accused of steal
New Teacher Celebrates First Day Of Work By Showing Up Drunk and Naked
Summer camp, in North Korea
Glenn Beck Drizzles 'Christian Blood' On Pancakes And Eats It
Kim Jong Un is touched by "deep emotion" while visiting a lubricant factory
Chris Bosh releases necktie line called Mr. Nice Tie
Runner uses Nike+ app to draw penises
FIFA President Speaks Out Against Sexism - With Even More Sexism
Insurance Company Settles Claim In $21K Of Loose Coins
North Korea Declines Invitation to Papal Mass in Seoul
Petition: Strapping iPads to tortoises is cruel
San Francisco Woman Is Mapping Her Runs In The Shape Of Penises Because Adults Are Just Children With Jobs
Police say Wagoner teacher found in empty classroom without pants
Nearly 10 million Americans changed race, census says
Betsy Brandt's (Marie on Breaking Bad) phone was hacked and five nude photos were found. The FBI is on the case (very SFW)
Monkey steals camera from photographer to snap himself a selfie. Gets uploaded to Wikipedia. Photographer sues Wikipedia to remove it. Wikipedia refuses to delete photo as 'monkey owns it'. (x/post r/funny)
Zelda fans debate Sheik's gender, but here's Nintendo's final word
NIKE+ PENIS ART IS THE BEST REASON TO EXERCISE
Police: Evansville man runs into Green River Road, directs traffic while doing the "robot"
Oh well, sex won again!
Two Women Assault Each Other with Antlers, Police Say
No Time at all to Prepare Dinner at Home - Try Popeyes Chicken
WatCh FrEe@!!!! San Francisco vs Baltimore Live
Fans Petition for a 'Weird Al' Yankovic Super Bowl Halftime Show
Justin Bieber ringtone saves Russian fisherman from bear attack
Angry Russian Smashes iPhone, iPad With Hammer to Protest U.S. Sanctions
Russians Project Obama Fellating Banana onto U.S. Embassy in Moscow
Gov't Worker Suspended for Tweeting Nude Selfies on the Clock
Does the mosquito repellent app work? Watch and find out
Justin Bieber ringtone saves Russian man from bear attack
Teacher shows up to first day of work drunk with no pants
Police arrest bowman named Bowman
Barack Obama Singing Fancy by Iggy Azalea
Unreleased Duke Nukem discovered in Library of Congress
Pregnant Woman Discovers Husband Is Vile Reddit Troll
Top French drugs cop charged over theft of cocaine worth £3m from police HQ
British photographer in Wikipedia monkey selfie row
Some saturated fats could help protect against type 2 diabetes, study finds
Air India Finds Rat on Flight
Dry California Fights Illegal Use of Water for Cannabis
Village pub raided by police in hunt for Holy Grail
Christian Anti-Masturbation Group Sues Other Christian Anti-Masturbation Group For $350 Million Claiming Trademark Infringement
House fire after spider set alight
Man fined 'for pretending to be ghost' in cemetery
Chavonda Gallman calls 911 after finding out son watched porn in living room
Radio host hopes Ebola will wipe out all gay people
Apple Specialist Sam Sung is selling his last business card for charity
Oklahoma teacher shows up to school drunk, not wearing pants: sheriff
Police search Welsh pub for Holy Grail: Find salad bowl
Hundreds of cats take over an island
Police raid Crown Inn pub in Lea in 'Holy Grail' relic hunt
Hawaii Tiki Torches Blown Out as Hurricanes Nears State
Couple rows across Pacific, doesn't divorce
Teacher Turns Up Drunk And Pantsless On First Day
Dancing Grannies Stress Out Panda
Obama: No warrantless wiretaps if you elect me
Kelly Ripa Hits The Workout Studio In A Pair Of Spandex Shorts
Women sets fire to home while trying to kill spider.
Farmers reap the benefits of 'pee-cycling'
Man Loses Arm Over Insane Clown Posse Tattoo
Portsmouth man fined for pretending to be GHOST in Kingston Cemetery
UK advert banned as it showed a burger being eaten without salad
Porn site "Dogfart.com" offers injured NBA star Paul George "an incredible bed he can relax in while he gets a blowjob from a star of his choice, plus a check for $50,000." (x-post from r/nba)
Hackers made Iran's nuclear computers blast AC/DC
Richmond Public Schools Gets $1 Million Storm Water Bill from Richmond City
Man shoots himself in head while posing for gun selfie
Man Who Threw West Michigan's Biggest Rave Says He Has No Regrets
SEC teams get Jell-o molds, but Baptist leader concerned they'll be used for drinking games
Insurance company pays $21k in coins to elderly man with a hernia
Man fined for pretending to be ghost in Portsmouth cemetery
Eric Abetz draws link between abortion and breast cancer before World Congress of Families
Open Carry Advocates Find Niche For Pro-Gun Children's Book
AOL still has 2.3 million dialup subscribers - and they're very profitable
Man fined for pretending to be a ghost in graveyard
Top 10 Most Corrupt Presidents in U.S. History
Ann Coulter: That doctor who got Ebola in Africa was idiotic
High Street price war: 97p store holds 95p sale against 99p rival
Oklahoma teacher found drunk, not wearing pants on first day at new job
Metta World Peace reportedly changing name to Panda Friend (Xpost from r/sports)
India school teacher 'absent for 23 years'
Metta World Peace (Formerly Known As Ron Artest) Is Changing His Name To "Panda Friend"
Bridesmaid for hire: Woman's Craiglist ad goes viral
Kanye West Believes He Is 'Smartest Celebrity'
Metta World Peace reportedly changing name to Panda Friend
Dog riding a segway takes its owner for a walk
Metta World Peace to play in China, change name to Panda Friend
ron artest, meta world peace, panda friend
Oklahoma teen accused of molesting Kenyan orphans claims a demon made him do it: 'I am powerless over what Luke wants'
Captain of wrecked Costa Concordia gives lecture on panic
SexFit is a pedometer for your penis
Old Shirtless Man who watches too much John Stewart runs for Government.
5000 people are watching a fish play Pokemon
Welshman Sets House on Fire Trying to Flamethrower a Spider
Fish Plays Pokémon is the True Successor to Twitch Plays Pokémon
Gardening is racist (UK)
With good men hard to find, 'Porn Academy' opens in Quebec City
'Gay Panic in the Ozarks' - a new novel from former GOP Congressman Ed Bethune
Police say teacher found in empty classroom without pants
Top 10 Common Excuses that Dont Work -
Happy Feet: Kim Jong Un Inspects Socks at Factory
Man fined for pretending to be a ghost at a cemetery
Kanye West Fears North West Will Be Electrocuted By A Paparazzi Drone
Pastor pleased Ebola 'could solve America's problems with Atheism and Homosexuality'
True fact: Hubble telescope finds ZOMBIES in SPAAAACE
Spicing up the Travel Bag
Two men convicted for WhatsApp porn they "didn't even watch".
High School Teacher Shows Up On First Day Drunk, WITHOUT PANTS!
Teacher Shows Up Drunk, Pantsless To First Day of School
Oklahoma teacher accused of showing up to school drunk, missing pants
Man fined for 'pretending to be a ghost' near cemetery visitors
GOP Congressman's Tweet Confesses Love Of 'Shagging'
Metta World Peace will change name to 'Panda Friend'
Russian Light Show Depicts President Obama With a Banana in His Mouth
Rap battle ends with one concussion, one arrest
Squirrel kick video: £10,000 reward offered to track down French men who kicked squirrel into Grand Canyon
استمارة التقديم للكليات و المعاهد العراقية 2014-2015 | رونق الحب
Liberian urinated on Health Workers Who Told Him he Had Ebola
Newport Pagnell mother in pool breastfeeding rule row
Woman tracks down the mother who abandoned her as a baby... only to realise she has unwittingly married her BROTHER
Sheik's Gender Confirmed by Nintendo
Family asks for 'memorial' donations to the NRA after son is killed by 'unloaded' gun
Teacher intoxicated in classroom without pants on first day of school
Police raid on village pub in hunt for Holy Grail
Lemmings don't commit mass suicide, Disney pushed them off a cliff
Uproar as India photo shoot mimics bus gang-rape case
Kenya: Elephant Kills Man Who Once Offered Bill Clinton 40 Goats and 20 Cows to Marry His Daughter
Metta World Peace changing name to The Pandas Friend to coincide with move to Chinese Basketball Association
Student debt correlated with nagging sense life is pointless
British police raid pub in search for 'Holy Grail'
This app lets you play video games with your vagina
olice respond after woman in purple nightgown spotted walking a naked man on all fours with a leash on rural road
Oklahoma high school teacher arrives to first day of school drunk and removes her pants
Dirty Bird Cardiff Food Company Defends 'Rude Phallic' Logo
Teacher shows up drunk and pantsless the first day of classes.
Parents killed, cooked and packed into lunchboxes
Teacher shows up drunk and pantsless to the first day of classes.
Anti-gay activist slips into Pride to hand out fake condoms
Indian fashion shoot depicts female model being attacked on a bus
Telling white people the criminal justice system is racist makes them like it more
NRA removes video calling for arming the blind.
Married couple who found out they're brother and sister will stay together: 'God wanted it to happen'
Remains of Jonestown bodies found at funeral home
NRA encourages arming the blind
Teacher Showed Up to Her First Day of School Drunk and Pantless
Mariah Carey's Spends £115,000 on Dog Holiday
Bill Clinton A Brony? Former President Knows My Little Pony Trivia (AUDIO)
Danish People Are Genetically Programmed For Happiness
Mariah Carey Spends £115,000 on Dog Holiday.
Host of 2,000 person party says it was 'worth it' despite drug overdoses
Metta World Peace changing his name to Pandas Friend
Satanic Church Uses Hobby Lobby Decision To Request Religious Exemption
White Americans' Support for Prison-Industrial Complex Grows With Knowledge That It's Harder on Blacks
Radio station now cutting songs in half so listeners don't get "bored"
Haunted house's 'ghost' attacks news crew
Steve Guttenberg Regrets Turning Down Lead 'Sharknado' Role
The blind leading the blind ... with guns
Ecoterrorists steal excavator, crash it into two radio towers in order to protect the planet from "harmful" AM radio transmissions.
Monkey selfie sparks intellectual property debate
Man unaware wife stabbed him until she called 911, police say
Justin Bieber gets FaceTime with Malala
NRA Advocates Guns for the Blind
Salem woman revives bearded dragon with CPR
Female Hasidic Rock Group Not Allowing Any Men At Live Gigs for Religious Reasons
Teacher accused of showing up to first day drunk, not wearing pants
Man attacked roomie for eating 3 cookies
Toddlers at risk of extremism, warns Education Secretary
An actual fish has been playing Pokémon Red for 135 hours now
Man dressed as Herman Munster faces jail for raping woman at a swingers' club Halloween party.
Smiling Young White People Make App for Avoiding Black Neighborhoods
Pelican enters rehab for series of picnic spot food thefts
New York Times to use the word 'torture' when describing torture
Violence, tragedy, mass arrests: What is going on with country music concerts this summer?
All-female Hasidic rock band bans men from show
Nude political candidate campaigns in Times Square
Man accused of bid to kill roommate over cookies.
Rick Wiles: 'Ebola Could Solve America's Problems With Atheism And Homosexuality'
County Fair-goers: We were served pot-laced chocolate.
Smiling young white people make app for avoiding black neighborhoods, swear they're not racist.
Basketball star, Metta World Peace, has changed his name to "Panda Friend" before moving over to the Chinese Basketball Association
Naked Shaq used to force teammates, coaches to wrestle with him
N.C. Man Arrested Day After Winning Police Doughnut-Eating Contest
NRA Commentator Defends Blind People's Right to Own "Whatever Guns They Want"
Mom Catches Teenage Son Watching Porn, Calls 911
Man runs for Governor of TN to free his pet raccoon.
Woman Reunites With Long-Lost Mom, Learns She Married Her Own Brother
Brazilian Woman Finds Out She Married her Brother During Live Radio Broadcast
Wealthy foreigners to sue Canada over end of visa plan
Science Experiment Doesn't End World
'Hot' English teachers use sex appeal to lure students
Man, 24, fined for pretending to be a GHOST by making 'woooooooh' noises and waving his arms about in cemetery
Red Cross Emergency Truck Reported Stolen
Russia Curbs Imports of EU Goat Sperm
Emergency Responders Break Car Window to Free Doll in Car Seat
Off the Battlefield, Hackers Are Waging Cyberwar Against Israel and Palestine
A fiftieth white person must have gotten sick.
Obama authorizes airstrikes in Iraq to stop genocide.
Russia Moves to Ban Parmesan Cheese as Black Smoke Billows Over Kiev Again
Japanese porn industry extremely short on male actors, as many as 10,000 women against only 70 men
Toddler Breaches White House Security, Ends Up On Lawn
Man jailed 180 days for drunk driving with 100 chickens [w/video]
Video Advocating Guns for Blind People Removed By the NRA
Teen facing life in prison for pot brownies awaits fate
A toddler squeezed through the White House gate and caused a security alert. Seriously.
Wikipedia, photographer (and presumably monkey) in copyright row over black macaque selfie picture
Language school fires blogger because article about 'homophones' sounds gay
OBAMA TO IRAQ: 'AMERICA IS COMING TO HELP'
Photographer David Slater battles Wikimedia over claims macaque monkey owns copyright to selfie
Wikimedia sides with monkey in photo copyright battle over macaque's selfie
Toddler causes security breach at White House, delays Obama address on Iraq.
Joliet Murder Witness on Robbery: "We Ran Out of Cigarettes"
Ottawa County Officials Issue Random Jury Summons for Upcoming Trial Tuesday
Plane sprays Texas high school band with pesticide
New Featured Shirts Designs
Passport now required to use public Wi-Fi in Russia
Monkey caught in copyright war over its own selfie
The Pedometer For Your Penis
SexFit, a cockring that connects to your smartphone to keep track of burnt calories, thrusts per minute and - of course - to share and compare your "favorite sessions" [NSFW?]
Toddler breaches White House security, gets timeout
Know your place you shameless woman, Erdoğan tells journalist
Family says Tampa church canceled funeral because son was gay
Michele Bachmann Wants To Impeach Obama, Then Calls Impeachment A Democratic Plot
Anti-gay group sneaks into Vancouver Pride Parade, hands out 2,500 fake condoms with hateful letters
Mother banned from breastfeeding her five-month-old daughter at swimming pool because it was against 'no food or drink' rules
Tortoise Tried To Make A Run For It, Say Cops
Christian Radio Host Hopes Ebola Will 'Solve America's Problems Of Atheism And Homosexuality'
US is wasting money on too many spy satellites
Toddler causes security breach at White House
Merrimack crematorium catches fire - Early investigations points to incinerators
'Agri-Terrorism'? Town's Seed Library Shut Down
Why Are So Many People Attacking Vending Machines These Days? Snackers get violent
Merrimack crematorium catches fire
Cheeseburger blamed in crash
Christian Anti-Masturbation Group Sues Other Christian Anti-Masturbation Group For $350 Million.
Drone crashes into famed hot spring at Yellowstone National Park
Ray Rice draws standing ovation from Ravens fans
White House trespassing toddler intercepted
Police Shoot Man Holding Fake Gun-Near Fake Gun Aisle In Walmart
'Underwear-stealing ghosts made my life hell': Hull woman forced to move seven times
Man buys 23 Burger King apple pies to spite screaming child
Burger King customer 'buys all the apple pies to spite crying child queueing behind him'
Missouri Baptist leader arrested for allegedly seeking sex with a dog
Florida man allegedly takes woman on date so friend can steal her purse
OK Teacher Arrested on First Day for Being Drunk, Pantsless
International health crisis causes a sharp rise in Ebola toy sales
Google Street View Car In Wrong-Way Crash.
China Irritated With Christianity, Is Creating Its Own Version
Man who resigned in Klingon is write-in candidate
Israeli forces shoot dead two sheep in southern Lebanon
A crash course: Why do so many cars smash into buildings?
Christian broadcaster: Ebola could cleanse US of atheists, gay people, and sluts
Truck hauling human waste spills load, closes U.S.-127 near Lansing
Woman burns off fingerprints to avoid ID
Woman Learns She Married Her Brother
Mom calls 911 after son, 15, watched porn.
Man Sparks House Fire While Trying To Kill Ants
David Cameron points at fish in familiar holiday photos
Saudi Instagram account hunts absconding domestic workers
PETA Is Offering A $15,000 Reward For Anyone Who Can Identify The Grand Canyon Squirrel Kicker
Woman looking for mother finds out she is married to her own brother
MUSIC How a Hamas Anthem Became a Hit in Israel
How a Hamas Anthem Became a Hit in Israel
Bureaucrats busted for watching porn at work
Pot smokers sue San Diego, say long drives to dispensaries pollute air
Man wearing cowboy hat, dress leads police on chase Aaron S. Jansen drives in circles in field before taken into custody.
Senator David Vitter is part of his own conspiracy theory against the evil American Lung Association
Phillies fan who created website about going to the zoo with Roy Halladay goes to the zoo with Roy Halladay
Monkey 'selfies' spark copyright dispute
Union Local 613, Ottawa hipster restaurant, objects to inclusion in enRoute magazine's 'Canada's top bar' contest
Smiley white couple behind app to avoid 'sketchy' neighborhoods is shocked to hear it's racist
Metta World Peace to change name to The Pandas Friend, he says
It's Day 17 and still no Butterscotch
Metta World Peace to change his name (again) to The Pandas Friend
Ron Artest, a.k.a. Metta World Peace, to change his name to 'The Panda's Friend'
Kim Kardashian's New Book Deal: It's All About Her Selfies!
South Carolina Mom Calls Cops On 15-Year-Old Son After Finding Porn
Kim Kardashian Selfies Book: Actually Coming Soon!
Aborting In The Name Of Jesus
Man uses his cat to map which neighbors have Wi-Fi networks he can easily hack
Richard Nixon, wannabe rapper
Sober driver arrested for DUI when deputy blows through stop sign, hits her
U.S. Will Seize Half Billion in Late Nigerian Dictator Abacha's Loot
Thief apologizes for taking extra chicken
Civilians in Abandoned McDonalds Seize Control of Wandering Space Satellite
Here's How Floridian Crystal Metheney Ended Up Behind Bars Last Month
Police: Man on drugs fights with Metro bus, stop sign in Rainier Beach
Man Fined For Pretending To Be A Ghost At Cemetery, Making 'Wooo' Noises Around Mourners
MPI uses Facebook to send court summons
White People Create App To Avoid, Um, 'Sketchy' Areas
Bear walks on hind legs like human and explores New Jersey neighborhood
Tick bites blamed for red-meat allergies
Neil Armstrong's Lunar Heartbeat Is A Strong, Smooth Bass Line For This John Lennon Cover
British urgently want the blood of Irish people
Kanye West is worried: "Is your daughter stalked by, like, drones?"
Kim Kardashian Published Book of Selfies titled "Selfish"
Drug dealer accidentally calls 911, reveals tha she's a drug dealer and always a step ahead of police
Necessary? Bar garnishes Bloody Mary with entire fried chicken.
China will create own Christian belief system amid tensions with church, says official
'Lion Whisperer' continuously interrupted by lions
352 page kim kardashian book only containing selfies of her. FUCK
Chinese government to impose own version of Christianity
Oklahoma Teacher Shows Up Drunk and Pantsless to Her First Day of Work
The Sweet Sound Of Justin Bieber Saves Man From Bear Attack
Teacher showed up for class drunk and pantless
Costa Concordia captain Francesco Schettino sparks outrage by giving seminar (on managing panic) at Sapienza Rome university
Eastern Washington firefighters might fight fire with explosives
Denver columnist calls Seahawks Super Bowl win 'fluky' after Broncos preseason win
Welsh Man sets house ablaze trying to kill a spider with a "naked flame". Death of spider not confirmed.
The Host of "West Michigan's Biggest Rave" Has No Regrets
China, irritated with Christianity, is creating it's own version.
International Day Of The Female Orgasm Brings Pleasure To Women
Mark 'Coonrippy' Brown Running For Tennessee Governor In Bid To Get Back Seized Raccoon, Rebekah
ESPN Reporter Asks Alleged Domestic Abuser Ray Rice About 'Wife's Words Of Encouragement'
Pct. 4 police dog bites officer while looking for smoke shop burglar
Oklahoma teacher found drunk, wearing no pants in empty classroom
Tone-Deaf ESPN Reporter Asked Ray Rice What His Wife's Words of Encouragement Were
Man Dies After E-Cigarette Explodes Into Flames
Kim Kardashian's next book is 352 pages of selfies
Secret Service: Child gets 'timeout' for slipping through White House fence, given to parents
China announces it's inventing Christianity with chinese characteristics
James Brady's death ruled homicide from Reagan shooting bullet
Woman crashes into firehouse with python wrapped around her neck, faces DWI and theft charges
Sociologist: Gardening Spreads Racism, Fascism
Man Dies Taking Selfie with Gun
Adam Sandler Found Not Guilty of Slavery
Swedish cops nab man for having big muscles (X-post from /r/european)
High School Teacher Shows Up For First Work Day Drunk, without pants.
John Dean, sex machine? And other new revelations from the Nixon tapes.
The Bros Who Love My Little Pony
Dull, Scotland, makes Boring, Oregon, more interesting
Ebola unleashed by 'homosexualism'
The death on Monday of President Ronald Reagan's press secretary James S. Brady, has been ruled a homicide as a result of the gunshot wound he suffered in an assassination attempt on Reagan in 1981
Man arrested for pretending to be ghost in cemetery. "Prosecutors say Man made 'woooooooh' noises, flapped arms at mourners"
Woman gets on the LA metro with a scooter
GOP Governor Brownback Wins Primary by Almost 30 Points, Blames Obama for 'Close Election'
Oracle sues State of Oregon over still using their website that has never signed up a single person.
Kim Kardashian Set to Release Selfies Book in 2015: See the Cover Image
Man accused of stealing bike has own bike stolen on day he was due to appear in court
Kim Kardashian Is Publishing a Book of Selfies
Rick Wiles: 'Ebola could solve America's problems with atheism, homosexuality'
Fla. church abruptly cancels funeral after learning deceased man was gay
Kim Kardashian Is Releasing a 352-Page Book of Selfies
BREAKING: (Not a Joke) James Brady's Death at Age 73 Ruled Gun Homicide From 1981 Shooting
Casinos want customers to stop leaving kids in cars while they gamble
Swedish Man Arrested for Being too Buff
Nebraska chicken thief sends KFC $2 and a letter of apology
US starts reluctantly bombing Iraq again
McDonald's summer camp seems to be thinly veiled child labor
Mua mật ong rừng ở đâu nguyên chất
An Indian state school says one of its teachers has been absent for 23 years of her 24-year career.
Redskins Want Native-Made Redskins Art. No Drunk Artists, Please.
66-year-old resident at Friendship Manor target of racially-oriented hate mail
A toddler squeezed through the White House gate and caused a security alert
Skinny teenage Jew ruins Hitler's expensive silk top hat by stomping it flat.
James Brady's death ruled homicide, even though he was shot 33 years ago.
Win in police doughnut-eating contest sparks man's arrest
Bệnh trĩ có rất nhiều loại: Trĩ nội, trĩ ngoại và trĩ hỗn hợp. Bệnh không chỉ ảnh hưởng đến tâm lý, sinh hoạt hàng ngày mà
iPads more effective than sedatives for kids
Newport Beach bank robber wore Prada sunglasses, police say
Bearded British Sikh woman selected for portrait series celebrating 60 of the best beards from all over the world
A Calgary radio station is cutting songs in half so to not "bore" listeners
Flowers, monsters and circles: Gay men draw vaginas for new book
Swede arrested for being too muscular.
LeBron James to Cavaliers fans at welcome rally: "I'm not going anywhere"
Matt Scott Loses His Lunch, Then Throws TD
Woman Discovers That Her Husband is Actually Her Brother
Woman Poses for Clerk Holding Stolen Credit Card
There's a Housing Crisis Looming in Final Fantasy XIV
Councils crackdown on 'laughing gas' vendors
Facebook Messenger Is No. 1 in App Store, Has One-Star Rating
Westboro Baptist Church release horrible Fall Out Boy parody.
Man Allegedly Shot Dead By Police In Wal-Mart For Carrying BB Gun He Picked Up In The Toy Aisle
UCI TO BAN CHAMPAGNE USE DURING PODIUM CEREMONIES
A corporator gifts self 4kg-gold shirt on birthday
White students now a minority in school
Spiegel: Germany asks other countries to name their spies
Police Arrest Man Who Wins Doughnut-Eating Contest
Diner offers prayer discount.
Much mirth as Sweden 'mourns' its oldest eel
Steak n' Shake Milkshake Leaves Man Gravely Injured and Disabled
Prankster orangutan pretends to HANG himself in front of horrified zoo spectators
Police arrest man after he wins doughnut-eating contest.
Addicts in desperate need of generosity. thank you all
JFK wanted prostitute who looked like Jackie O: author claim
NSA Tried To Delete Court Transcript In Lawsuit Over Deleting Evidence
Azerbaijan President Declares War With Armenia Via Twitter
WUSA9 Crew Robbed in DC
That girl in WS who got hit by the cop and charged with drunk driving? There's something you can do. This is textbook public corruption. The FBI can take action. Make some noise. I find most redditors like to bitch but don't actually give a damn when it comes down to it. Well, do something.
Toddler manages to break into the White House
Win in police doughnut-eating contest sparks U.S. man's arrest
White House breach: A toddler breaches security, gets timeout from parents
ATP Rogers Cup@Serena Williams vs Venus Williams Live Tennis Semifinal Stream Online on TV
AOL's only profitable because 2 million forgot to cancel their subscriptions
Liberian, Patrick Sawyer URINATED on health workers who told him he had ebola then, infected 6 of them
Government transfers Tihar DG over erection of her own statue in jail
Man accused of humping driveway
Ebola: Family of dead Nigerian nurse on the run
White teacher wins $350,000 in Prince George's schools bias lawsuit
Oregon man serving prison sentence for collecting rainwater on his own property
Insurance company pays elderly man's settlement with $21,000 in change
Man Sentenced for Swapping Nude Pics With Girl he Met at Funeral
Letters to the Editor, New York Times, December 4, 1948
British police raid pub in search of Holy Grail relic
Texas proposes alcohol sales at some gun shows
GM: Park your SUV outside in case it catches fire
Double Jeopardy Clue: This man was murdered over 30 years ago during the attempted assassination of Ronald Reagan. Who is James Brady?
Hero puts down his crossword to save neighbour who accidentally set herself on fire
Hospital charges $9,000 to bandage cut middle finger, report says
A Saudi died after attempting to sexually abuse a donkey.
Kim Kardashian Is Publishing A Book With 352 Pages of Selfies.. It's called "Selfish."
Azerbaijan declares war with Armenia via Twitter
Fed Up Mom Calls Cops On Porn-Watching Teen
Keys Man Beat Girlfriend After Dreaming She Cheated
Man in court for pretending to be a ghost in Portsmouth cemetery
Cannabis use DROPS because teenagers in U.S. state where it was legalised think it's 'uncool'
With rise of Islamic State, Christians feel Iraq is no longer home
So far, Colorado's teens are actually using marijuana less
Mother lists herself as a victim in Georgia hot car death
Man Wins Police-Sponsored Doughnut Eating Contest And Then Gets Arrested
Europe has a puppy mafia problem
New Law Sparks Fear Amongst Bagpipers
Family Wants Answers After SWAT Allegedly Roughed Up Kids
Clown Terrorizes Town by Being Creepy
How to Use Your Cat to Hack Your Neighbor's Wi-Fi
White teacher wins $350,000 in Prince George's schools bias lawsuit (x-post from /r/news)
Russia's war on McDonald's takes aim at the Filet-o-Fish
College Professor Claims Anti-Semitism Doesn't Exist In The Middle East
Liberians protesting delay in collecting roadside bodies
Bobby Jindal: Israel would be safer if Kerry spent his time riding a girl's bike
Vandal targets poorly parked cars
Female Runner Who Uses Nike+ to Draw Dicks Is an American Hero
Man arrested after winning doughnut-eating contest at police event
Developers Create App for Avoiding Black Neighborhoods
Huge numbers watch fish playing Pokemon live online
NRA commentator claims blind people should be allowed to buy and use guns because they have an 'increased awareness of their hearing and spatial surroundings'
Có bao nhiêu dạng hẹp bao quy đầu?
'Juggalos' Try To Cut Off Man's Insane Clown Posse Tattoo Because He Hadn't 'Earned' It
Bệnh trĩ và lý do nên chữa trị sớm hiệu quả nhất tại phòng khám Thiên Hòa
Man Beats Girlfriend After Dreaming She Cheated on Him
A news crew was robbed in DC while working on a story about an app that alerts people of "sketchy" neighborhoods.
Pro-incest campaigner facing jail over sick cartoon pictures of Bart Simpson having sex with sister Lisa and mother Marge
UKIP defends MEP's 'Hitler speech' advice
Oakland-Based Artists Seek Donors For 'Gay Men Draw Vaginas' Book
Man sets fire to house while trying to get rid of ants.
NRA Commentator Posts Video Arguing That Blind People Should Be Allowed To Carry Guns
Consensual sex not rape, rules Madras HC
Ebola is an alien? British Scientist Claims Deadly Virus Came From Space
Americans Say No To Guns For Blind People.
Horses Quarantined After Herpes Scare at State Fair
Wizard of Oz secrets: Dwarf orgies, drunken brawls, knives, flattened boobs and stars almost killed
Gerald Price denies existence, seeks $1 million in damages.
Boxing promoter Frank Maloney to become a woman called Kellie | Sport | The Guardian
Steven Seagal plays at concert for pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine
Oklahoma Teacher Accused of Showing Up Drunk, Pantless on First Day at Work, Police Say
Legendary hard-man boxing promote Frank Maloney reveals he's now living as a woman called Kellie
Steven Seagal plays at concert for pro-Russia separatists in Ukraine
Americans battling Ebola fueled by Starbucks - CNN
Woman learns husband is long-lost brother.
D.C. news crew robbed while reporting on "sketchy" neighborhoods
Scolded for late coming on duty, woman CISF constable shoots self
Hamas kills former Spokesman, says Israel did it.
Glass-Free Menagerie: New Zoo Concept Gets Rid Of Enclosures
Iowa Democrat May Lose Senate Bid Because He Is A Litigious Idiot And His Wife Hates Chickens
Tony Stewart will not race after hitting, killing Kevin Ward Jr.
14-Year-Old Arrested for Playing with Puppy While Black. Seriously.
Parents Calling To Make Sure Their Kids Aren't Driving While Distracted Are Distracting Their Teenage Drivers
Salem woman revives reptile with CPR
Shark bites 7-year-old swimming in Lake Pontchartrain
Silent disco 'too loud' for Salzburg
Hollywood Studios Blacklist Penelope Cruz over Gaza Letter Accusing Israel of 'Genocide'
Using a Taser on an 8-year-old? Mom sues police, city
"Couple on speeding bike falls off flyover in Chennai" and while the man lay brain dead, the woman walks away with his wallet and cellphone.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel asks Indian man in audience at University of Nebraska if he's a 'member of the Taliban'
Kim Kardashian is publishing a coffee-table book of selfies
Anthony Weiner finds a new way to serve New York City
Bill Self: Andrew Wiggins said he wanted trade to Wolves
Rick Wiles Claims Ebola Could 'Solve' Homosexuality And Other Issues In America
In 1971, a Canadian rode the Soviet premier like a horse and only spent two months in jail
Christian Radio Host Rick Wiles: Ebola Can Solve Our Atheism and Homosexuality
Redlands East Valley High cheerleaders under fire for image on social media
Suicide bomb instructor accidentally kills training class
Increase Your Business Efficiency - Productivity Secrets That Produce Results
The Nazis and Zionists helped Jews emigrate to Palestine.
Jennifer Aniston Won't 'Inject Sh*t' Into Her Face, Just Wants To Eat Bagels
Hospital ER Charges $9,000 to Bandage Cut Finger
Fan dumps possible cremated ashes onto field at Rogers Centre during Jays game
Suicide bomb instructor accidentally blows up his training class
Wanted Man Arrested After Winning Police-Backed Doughnut-Eating Competition
Nudists should be 'convicted of terrorism,' says B.C. homeowner seeking to ban bare bodies on beach
'I've seen them walk up to kids wangin' their dangs': Nudists get a rise out of Penticton beachfront property owners
Man Pretends To Be Ghost in Cemetery, Gets Fined For Being an Asshole
Graham Crackers Were Invented To Curb Your Sexual Desires. We're Serious.
Detroit makes millions from parking meters, but it can't afford to power them
The Government Is Cracking Down on School Bake Sales
This Bug's Bite Can Turn You Into a Vegetarian
Cây Tùng loài cây quý mang sinh khí của người quân tử
NC mother finds Nazi symbol on her chicken sandwich
Kim Kardashian to release book of selfies
NYPD alerting visitors that costumed characters do not have to be tipped
Man 'expelled from Croatia for punching monk seal'
Hwy. 417 lanes reduced over weekend as highway widened
Woman scales barbed wire fence hoping to stop a plane in Canada
NEW INFO: Driver Runs Red Light Causing Cucumber Truck To Spill Load
Couple falls to their deaths while taking selfie
The US bombing its own guns perfectly sums up America's total failure in Iraq
Andy Serkis' 'Jungle Book: Origins' Set for 2016, Will Be in 3D
This Sex Ed Book Is Way Too Sexy, Parents Complain
12-foot-long python found after cats reported missing
'That's my boy!': Dad's boast as his seven-year-old holds severed head
NASCAR's Tony Stewart Hits, Kills Driver at Race in New York
Driver who misused headlights made to look at high beams for five minutes, say police.
Man Tries To Strangle Roommate For Eating 3 Of His Chips Ahoy Cookies
Philly Mom Who Carried Licensed Gun into NJ Faces 11 Years in Prison
Take Accurate Treatment by Best Doctors for Brain Tumors
Kenyan who offered 40 goats and 20 cows to Bill Clinton as dowry for Chelsea, killed by elephant.
Penticton homeowner seeking to ban bare bodies on beach says nudists should be 'convicted of terrorism'
Researchers Release Oil Into North Sea To Study Immediate Result Of An Oil Spill
Football Manager computer game to help Premier League clubs buy players
5 signs you're dating a Reddit troll
Boxing promoter Frank Maloney to become a woman named Kellie
Israel Grants First Golan Heights Oil Drilling License To Dick Cheney, Jacob Rothschild, Rupert Murdoch Linked Company
Children evacuated from London hospital after fox falls through ceiling
Penis ID parade unnecessary after drunken yob admits attacking women with fake phallus
Isis suicide bombing instructor accidentally blows up his own class.
Bryan Fischer Agrees With ISIS That Yazidis Are Devil Worshipers And That's Why Obama Defends Them
Shaq Made Us Do Brazilian Naked Wrestling In The Locker Room
Man takes a selfie moments before deadly shark attack.
WestJet Passengers Riot Over Annoyingly Perky Crew
Children evacuated from London hospital ward after fox falls through ceiling
Woman finds swastika in McDonald's sandwich
A Machine Sucked My Dick | VICE United States
Passengers Finish Beer of Man Who Fell Off Train
Football Manager computer game to help English Premier League clubs buy football players
Woman Climbs Barbed Wire Fence In Hopes of Stopping the Plane Her Husband Is On
Not-So-Friendly Spider-Man 'Punches' Cop
North Korea launch surfing tours on east coast
Treating Ebloa with Homeopathy.
'Ice Bucket Challenge' Leads To Major Surge In Donations To ALS Association
DC news crew robbed while reporting on app that identifies 'sketchy' neighborhoods
Couple Falls to Death While Taking Selfies on Cliff
Couple falls to their deaths taking selfie with their kids
Teen Choice Awards Rigged, Fan Backlash On Twitter
North Korea Plans Report on Human Rights
How to Use Your Cat to Hack Your Neighbor's Wi-Fi Connection
North Korea to publish 'rosy' human rights report
Texas court rules against homeschoolers who expected rapture and stopped teaching kids
Sacramento Taxi Drivers Say English Test Requirement Is Setting Them Up For Failure
North Korea to Publish Human Rights Report
Isis suicide bombing instructor blows up his own class by accident
Tortoise strapped with iPads leaves animal rights group upset
Jihadi Work Accident: Islamic State Suicide Bombing Instructor Accidentally Blows Up His Own Class, 22 Killed.
Florence hosts Italy's first anti-corruption class for public officials.
Alleged Burglar Caught After Beating Cops In Doughnut-Eating Contest (x-post from r/ProtectAndServe)
Daniel Radcliffe admits he's 'not very good' in Harry Potter films
California Residents Are Painting Their Lawns Green
(x-post TIL) 20% of worker ants idle lazybones: study
'Death simulator' attraction to open in China
Deputy places man under psychiatric hold then finds out man was only playing a game
James O'Keefe Crosses The US-Mexico Border Dressed As Osama Bin Laden
Woman Scales Barbed Wire Fence Hoping to Stop Her Husband's Plane
Couple dies after attempting to take selfie near edge of cliff
Pouring a Bucket of Ice Water Over Your Head Won't Cure ALS
Customer Sends KFC $2 And An Apology Note For Stealing A Piece Of Chicken
Drunk British man who pretended to be ghost, shouted 'wooooo,' in cemetery gets fined $60
Congressman's Staff Takes The Blame For 'Benihana Up In This Bitch' Retweet
Millhaven Institution in lockdown over missing cereal containers
Dognappers Steal Pomeranian, Demand Ransom, Threaten To Shoot Owner
Couple plunges to their death while taking selfie
Girl aged 6 locked out of home 'so mother could have sex with boyfriend'
News reporters get robbed in sketchy neighborhood while reporting on sketchy neighborhood app
Man Arrested after Beating Police in Donut Eating Contest
Suicide Bomb Trainer in Iraq Accidentally Blows Up His Class [X-Post from /R/WorldNews]
Police: Mom locks girl, 6, out so she could have sex
Mom helped son set himself on fire for Facebook, police say
Police: Mom helps son record setting himself on fire for Facebook
Despite Legalization, Colorado Teenagers Stubbornly Refuse to Smoke More Pot
Woman Finds Butter Swastika in McDonald's Chicken Sandwich
Couple Dies Trying to Take a Selfie on Dangerous Cliff
New York police to Times Square tourists: call 911 if a superhero pesters you
Get excited - tomorrow is Dull and Boring day
'Shark Week' Fuels Shark-Meat Feeding Frenzy At Restaurants
Rob Ford says threatening email has given him 12 hours to resign or City Hall will be blown up
Bexleyheath teen's holiday ruined by false eyelash horror
Texas mom tossed out of restaurant for changing baby's diaper at table
Log In - The New York Times
Sources: NBA fines Raptors $25K
Retired generals back FLOTUS in food fight
Increasing Productivity With Your Business - What You Need To Do
Arrest after chickens decapitated in N.J. cemetery
Cops: North Miami-Dade man terrorizes girlfriend after a dream of her cheating
Dictator-befriending 'alien abductee' Kirsan Ilyumzhinov remains head of World Chess Federation
Garry Kasparov loses battle for control of world chess to 'alien abductee'
Ted Nugent Calls For Native Americans to 'Go Back Where They Came From'
That sound you hear is ignorant conservative heads exploding
Polish couple fall off cliff and die while taking selfies
Kim Kardashiam slated to release book of selfies
NJ Cop: Obama Doesn't Follow the Constitution, so Neither Should We
Every Day Is Goof-Off-At-Work Day at the US Patent and Trademark Office
Heart Attack Grill Owner Says He's Combating Obesity Epidemic
Steven Seagal thinks his music can help with problems in Ukraine
ISIS Suicide Bombing Instructor Accidentally Blows up his own Class, amusing locals
Veteran actor dies after filming first Game of Thrones scenes
Couple dies taking selfie on edge of cliff
Bar Shut Down After Girl Gives Blow Jobs to 24 Men
Blackpool zookeeper's MSc in sea lion whiskers
Does monkey own rights to this selfie?
Kim Kardashian to Publish Book of Selfies, entitled Selfish
Robin Williams is dead
Kim Kardashian to release 352-page book of selfies titled 'Selfish'
Police Recognize The Guy Who Beat Them In Doughnut Eating Contest As Robbery Suspect, Arrest Him
NC man arrested after winning doughnut eating contest
Women Asked To Prove Virginity To Become Teachers In Brazil's Largest City
Brazilian Women Forced to Take Virginity Tests Before Applying to Become Teachers
Manhunt Underway For Groundhog
Man arrested after scrapping Sonic slush machine
Rob Williams dies of suicide
Miss Bumbum 2014 Contestants Hope To Have Brazil's Best Butt
North Korea Plans It's own Report on Human Rights
Couple plunges to death while taking photo at cliff edge
Knife falls from sky into Chinese man's head
Florida jury award $23.6 billion to Florida widow in smoking lawsuit.
Woman nicknamed 'Hitler' pleads in stabbing at Rainbow Family Gathering
Actor, comedian Robin Williams dies at 63 in apparent suicide
News van burglarized in DC while reporting on app that alerts people of sketchy neighborhoods
N.J. lawmakers seek to ban piercing and tattooing pets
Osama Bin Laden impersonator walks across the U.S.-Mexican border undetected [Video]
Spider-Man Dildo Dangles from Eldridge Street Wire
Canada Not Convinced by Russia's Sudden Humanitarianism
Ebola bomb: possible, but not so easy
Fox News Backs Robin Williams Death Report with Fake Mrs. Doubtfire Footage
Robyn Urback: Protesters fail to shut down mens issues lecture, celebrate anyway
Met Police Commissioner stops interview to make arrest
Gary the goat flies in sea plane to Horizontal Falls, takes speed boat ride
Techno-Archaeologists Used an Abandoned McDonald's to Hijack a Satellite
Say What? UK Man Quits Job to 'Become' Native American.
Mercer Island police officer accidentally shoots self in buttocks
Bum-mer: Officer accidentally shoots himself in the buttocks
'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel Likely Cancelled
Russian Convicted of Killing Son for Burning Black Magic Books
I just got a $50 PSN card code for free! :D http://psn.freegiftcode.com
Patrick Sawyer, Liberian With Ebola URINATED With Rage On Health Workers Who Told Him He Was Sick
Biracial woman fired from her job at the Nova Scotia Black Educators Association because she wasn't "black enough".
Snowden critic resigns Naval War College after online penis photo flap
Two hour queue for Vladimir Putin T-shirts in Moscow
Swedish Dad Tired of Kids Playing War Video Games, Takes Them to Actual War Zone. (X-Post Gaming)
Intercom Systems For Homes
Why parents insist their children to marry only raped ones?
Hood Prank gone Wrong.... One Dead. Chicago...
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Drunk flight passenger slaps child, demands cigarettes, throws prosthetic leg at crew
Central Fla. grandma: 'Bad haircut is ruining my life'
Real Madrid Predicted lineup against Sevilla - UEFA SUPER CUP 2014
The CIA isn't reporting any data to federal transparency site
Priests visit home of Liverpool bedroom tax victim to exorcise demon
Far-right British politician tells young activists to copy Hitler for public speaking
Dead Woman Insists On 'Wizard Of Oz' Obit : NPR
Kim Kardashian's selfies coming soon in hardcover
Mom arrested after son participates in social media 'Fire Challenge'
BuzzFeed Just Got $50 Million to Pollute the Internet With More Crap
Burglar hides from police... in a wasps' nest.
The Yankees have the worst beer list in baseball
Customer finds Nazi symbol on her chicken sandwich.
The evolution of PMS: It may exist to break up infertile relationships
Burglary suspect arrested in 'sting' operation after disturbing wasps' nest
Reality TV star Dog the Bounty Hunter says he's 'coming after' wanted War Machine
Minister quits because £120,000 salary and expenses is not enough to support his family in London
Texas considering allowing alcohol to be sold at gun shows. The Taiwanese Animators seem to think nothing could possibly go wrong with this redneck idea.
Couple dies after trying to take selfies on cliff edge
McDonald's apologises for swastika hidden inside drive-through chicken sandwich
'Up to her shoulders in sewage' Pell City cow saved after hours of standing in human waste
SHOCKER: Ghana players engage in sex to survive in Thailand
Man dressed in woman's garb slams vehicle into Tampa retirement home
British Man Quits Job To Pursue Dream Of Becoming Native American
DEA paid Amtrak secretary $854,460 for data they could have had for free
Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission (TABC) Proposes Change to Allow Alcohol Sales at Gun Shows
Donald Trump Is Suing Trump Casinos Because They Aren't Fancy Enough
Two-headed dolphin washes up on Turkish shore
مشاهدة مباراة ريال مدريد واشبيلية Real Madrid Vs Sevilla كأس السوبر الأوروبي 2014/8/12 الثلاثاء
French refuse to change name of town called "Death to Jews"
An App Like Yo Could Turn Out to Be Bigger than Twitter
Man accidentally kills himself with a vibrator
Rand Paul on abortion: Civilization will collapse unless fetuses get personhood rights
Dog the Bounty Hunter vows to track down MMA fighter and bring him to justice.
Why the Earth is farting
Couple Falls Off Cliff, Dies, Trying To Take Selfie
Human-Sized Rat Cages Target Teen Marijuana Use
Exotic Dancers Protest Topless At Ohio Church
Jewish group urges name change for French hamlet 'Death to Jews'
Black Lips call Kiss' music 'misogynistic, sexist'; Gene Simmons says their name is 'racist'
A Russian Man Was Caught Trying To Smuggle 200 Pounds Of Butter Into Norway
Kim Kardashian to publish selfie book
Hundreds of Twitter users think Robbie Williams has died
Dead two-headed dolphin discovered in Turkey
Learn to toss pizza dough, or face deportation.
'Mrs. Doubtfire' sequel in doubt after Robin Williams' death
Person of interest in custody after woman wakes up to find stranger in bedroom
Woman fired from Black Educators Association because she was 'not really black enough'
Swede reports 'expensive' sex to police
Icelandic Girls Can't be Called Harriet, Govt Tells Family- Authorities reluctant to renew passport of Harriet, 10, as name is not on approved list of 3,565
Reporters robbed while working on story about 'sketchy' neighborhood app
'We are humans like you... Why shouldn't we see Jumanji?': Bizarre Twitter outburst by ISIS fighters who reveal their love of Robin Williams' blockbuster hit
China Is Trying To Make Chinese Tourists Less Embarrassing
Steubenville teen convicted of rape rejoins high school football team
The North Koreans Are Unhappy With the U.N.'s Report on Human Rights
ISIS Fighters Tweet Their Love For Robin Williams: 'We Are Humans Like You'
Boston Prostitutes Are Really Expensive
ISIS Fighters Tweet Sadness Over Robin Williams' Death
Korea's Paris Baguette chain expands to ... Paris
George R.R. Martin Explains the Lack of Gay Sex in His Books
CO State Senator claims that fracking is natural, and 'Indians' used flammable water for heat.
Four Teenagers Robbed Baltimore Man In Patterson Park Using Medieval Ball And Chain
Lack of pizza 'showmanship' is at issue in visa case
Tiny, reversible USB Type-C connector finalized - New connector can replace all current USB plugs
Dog the Bounty Hunter is now after MMA fighter "War Machine" for beating his Pornstar girlfriend, Christy Mac, nearly to death, for a bounty posted in part by Fleshlight
Iceland's Naming Laws Prevented a 10-Year-Old From Getting a Passport
Drivers Stare Into Police Headlights As Punishment For Misusing High Beams
Superhot trailer is SUPER. HOT. SUPER. HOT. SUPER. HOT. SUPER.
CO State Senator Explains That Fracking Poses No Danger Because Having High Amounts Of Methane In The Water Is Totally Natural
'Angels was my favourite song': Twitter users mistakenly pay tribute to former Take That singer following the death of Hollywood star ROBIN Williams
Burglary suspect arrested as wasps carry out 'sting operation'
Utah teen killed by truck while sunbathing in driveway
Woman Discovers She's Married To Her Brother
Kansas Man shoots wife in the head after mistaking her for a burglar.
It's the same woman who lost a child from the sandy hook shooting WTF
Israel says no white phosphorous fired in Gaza this time
Lager all 'tastes the same', report says
Cops shoot and kill man holding toy gun in Walmart
Man arrested for beating cops in donut eating contest
World's oldest eel dies in Swedish well
Rikers Inmates Riot After Early Bedtime Makes Them Miss Their Shows
Report: Wife Moving Casey Kasem's Body to Europe
We are starving-lets burn down the places where we work and get food.
Couple Dies After Trying to Take Selfies on Cliff Edge in Portugal
L.A. to pay $26 million for ban on naps by garbage-truck drivers
Children witness parents fall to their death while attempting cliff face selfie
NY law bans 'tiger selfies'
QuikTrip coming to grips with destruction of Ferguson store
Couple falls, dies after trying to take selfies on Portugal cliff's edge
25-year-old planning to marry Charles Manson says "It's what I was born for"
UK Soldier Converts to Islam, Gets Surgery, Becomes First Transgender Gay Muslim Woman
Gag order to be imposed on new RCMP transparency office
Out on bail, man breaks into Boston Police car for nap
Former Apple employee named Sam Sung auctions off his business card for $80,000
Pool held on number of dead rally bikers during Sturgis
Drake's pitch to Kevin Durant gets Raptors fined $25K
Church continues with pig wrestling event despite protesters
Braintree cops say Maserati owner impersonating officer
Pool held on number of dead rally bikers
Tortoises with iPads spur protest at new Aspen Art Museum
Cat gets into standoff with police
German Artists Say They Put White Flags on Brooklyn Bridge
Megan Fox Ensured She Wasn't Ovulating During Her Last Date With Brian Austin Green
DELCO FIREFIGHTER CHARGED WITH ARSON AFTER 3 FIRES
Man Dies After Vibrator Gets Stuck In Rectum
Baptist preacher arrested for trying to set up sexual encounter with dog
Elk Just Wants To Eat Apples But Cops Won't Leave Him Alone
British Man Dead After Getting A Vibrator Stuck In His Butt For Five Days
Detective: Murder suspect asked Siri how to hide body
Texas anti-gay leader Jonathan Saenz's ex-wife leaves him for another woman
Elk Wants To Eat Apples But Cops Won't Let it
Researchers dump oil into North Sea to study effects of oil spills : SCIENCE : Tech Times
Robin Williams didn't die from a disease, he died from his choice
Police: Man dragging stolen safe behind car passes officer
The Worst Name For A Village
These Photos Of Koko The Gorilla Mourning The Loss Of Robin Williams Are Incredibly Moving
App to prevent 'accidental incest' proves a hit with Icelanders (Wired UK)
CO Republican: Fracking is okay, it's natural for water to burn. 'Indians' used it for warmth.
Comcast: It's insulting to think there's anything shady about us paying $110,000 to honor an FCC commissioner
Coney Island Beachgoers Shocked By Gun Buried In Sand, Found By 10-Year-Old Girl
Cats Being Used to Hack Wi-fi Info
WBC will picket Reddit to remind all you so-called tech-wizards that God will not let you take the glory for ANYTHING (x-post from /r/religion)
Obama loosens restrictions on lobbyists
While Debunking Racist Crime Fears, News Crew Gets Burglarized
NAACP tweet causes stir on Twitter.
Hotel Threatens Guests Over Pool Pooing Craze
Utah town comforts family after tragic sunbathing accident
EXCLUSIVE: Times Square costumed characters band together with goal of forming labor union (x-post /r/nyc)
NYPD ordered to 'drive around flashing lights' to deter crime.
NC Woman Upset After Finding Nazi Symbol Drawn in Her McDonald's Sandwich
Dirty Bird Fried Chicken Arouses Controversy With Logo Resembling Penis
Jews asked for French hamlet to be renamed that is currently called "Death to Jews"
Gang concerns at Cowboys/Raiders practice
Bieber-backed selfie app holds promise: CEO
Murdered teen texted boyfriend: 'OMG ... I think I'm being kidnapped'
The Conservative Choice for Congress Is This Giant Horse Dick
Colorado Hiker Sings Opera, Fends Off Mountain Lion Attack
Rush Limbaugh: Robin Williams killed himself due to 'leftist world view'
Robin Williams can't be dead
Koko the Gorilla Somber After Robin Williams' Death
Multi-Tasking for Vegans: Where to Get a Nacho Salad, Yoga AND a Colon Hydrotherapy Session
Student defends posing for beach photo during Eastbourne Pier fire
Chicken crosses road in Linnton; no crashes or reasons reported
Woman shoots porn in church and gets arrested
Police Respond to Chicken Crossing the Road in Linnton - Officers Unable to Determine Chicken's Intent
Times Square costumed characters band together with goal of forming labor union
Indiana Walmart Under Siege By Feral Cats
Medical Cannabis Gets 87-Year-Old Woman Kicked out of Housing
Atari To Introduce Gay-Inclusive 'Pridefest' Video Game
Israeli soldiers' sperm in hot demand
Atari Unveils Pridefest, an LGBT-Themed Social Sim Game
Dog the Bounty Hunter to chase Christy Mack's alleged attacker, MMA fighter War Machine
BPA-Free Plastic Containers May Be Just as Hazardous
Koko the Gorilla mourns the loss of her special friend, Robin Williams
NRCC Launches Fake News Sites to Attack Democratic Candidates
Mom allowed teen to set himself on fire for Facebook challenge
The "Gay Gestapo" Attacks Yet Another Christian-Owned Business
Guide dogs and guns: America's blind gunmen
Drive-By Shooting Shakes Up N.W.A. Movie Cast
Google Maps blunder uses X-rated photo to depict British village of Skellow
Small French Town Resistant To Change Name From 'Death to Jews'
Woman Confesses To Filming Porn In Church After Tipster Recognizes Her Breasts
Burger King Pie Man may be an internet hero, but he is a real-life villain
Sandcastles banned in Germany
Dragon's Den Contestant Arrested After Asking For £100K To Buy A "Shit Load" Of Cocaine
South Korea's first-and only-astronaut just quit her job, ending the country's manned space program [x-post from /r/worldnews]
South Korea's first-and only-astronaut just quit her job, ending the country's manned space program
Florida man accused of killing his roommate asked Siri where to hide the body
'Jumanjihadi': Islamic militants tweet their love for Robin Williams
Forest Hill man died after vibrator became stuck in his bottom
Cock Or Penis? This 'Dirty Bird' Logo Drums Up Controversy
League of Legends RP Generator
Another naked woman wanders around Vienna
N.W.A Biopic Filming Halted By Drive-By Shooting
Now get rid of acne fast without expensive medication
'Zombies,' suspected of drug use, a problem in Melbourne plaza
Thousands of fish lost as 'Mindless' vandal drains lake in search of lost Harley Davidson
Turtle smuggled through Chinese airport security in KFC burger
DEA Paid Amtrak $800K for Information It Could Have Gotten for Free
Dog elected mayor in Cormorant, Minnesota
Minister for the Gaeltacht accidentally forwards all calls to Waterford man
Dog the Bounty Hunter Is 'Coming After' War Machine If He Doesn't Surrender
Mt. Pleasant girl doing ice bucket challenge interrupted by gator with soccer ball
Man dies after getting vibrator stuck up his anus and waiting too long to get medical attention
Cows Produce More Milk Listening To Slow Jams Playlist
Hamas Detonates IDF Dud, Kills Italian AP Reporter
Blogger Matt Walsh Says Robin Williams Was Selfish, And His Depression Could've Been Fixed With Joy
Rush Limbaugh Says Robin Williams Killed Himself Because Leftists Are 'Never Happy'
Bihar village rejects solar-powered micro-grid and demands 'real' electricity
Alaska's Hottest Mariachi Band
Austrian woman makes porn film in church
Murder Suspect Allegedly Asked Siri Where He Could Hide A Dead Body
Japanese man keeps giant hornet as a pet
Town of Montezuma sues all of its voters over flawed election
Chicken crossing road blocks traffic
Man who modified Maserati to resemble 'Transformers' Decepticon charged with impersonating police
Murder Suspect Pedro Bravo Asked Siri Where To Hide The Body
Sinkhole swallows car in western Pennsylvania
A Murder Suspect Asked Siri Where He Should Hide His Roommate
Tiger selfies: Stop taking them, says NY law
'I Need To Hide My Roommate' - Accused Murderer Asked Siri To Help Dump Victim's Body
New York State Will Officially Ban Tiger Selfies
An actor caught looking inside an actress. A reporter caught shooting that.
Man With 'I'm Not Guilty Tattoo' Found Guilty, Sentenced To 7 Years In Prison
Salmon cannon fires 40 fish a minute - CNET
Where should I bury my roommate? Ask Siri
'I need to hide my roommate': Accused killer asked Siri where to put the body, detective says
Saudi Man Dies After Allegedly Trying To Sodomize A Donkey
Police in Ferguson Fire Tear Gas on Protesters Standing in Their Own Backyard
Tourist's body found in suitcase
Last Polar Bear in Africa's Heart Fails After Partner Perishes
Couple obsessed with World of Warcraft get prison for child neglect
Dog the Bounty Hunter vows to track down War Machine
Teenager Made Corsicana Walmart His Home
Ward's Father: 'No reason for deadly crash'
Woman cleared of smuggling money for Syria in underwear
Star-struck ISIS? Fighters mourn Robin Williams
Congressman Who Voted Against Minimum Wage Hike Complains He Hasn't Gotten A Raise Since 2008
Dog The Bounty Hunter Is On The Hunt For War Machine
Girl posts nude pictures of 'boyfriend' on Facebook
Congress Basically Admits They Are Reptilians
Woman finds swastika inside McDonald's chicken sandwich
Jewish Human Rights Group Campaigns to Change Name of French Hamlet Simon Wiesenthal Center Writes France's Interior Minister Regarding Town Called 'Death-to-the-Jews'
California Forest Fire Caused By Masturbation Accident
6 having sex in van fined for not wearing seatbelts
Murderer asks Siri where to hide the body of his former college roommate and friend.
There's an app for that: Did a man ask Siri for help hiding body?
Police: Florida woman attacked with jar of jelly over fight about shampoo
There Was A Real Drive-By Shooting On The Set Of The N.W.A Movie
First Test-tube Baby Penguin Says Hello To The World
Python caught in Florida is chief suspect in mystery of missing cats
14-year-old boy lived in Walmart for four days without being noticed
Asian American Journalists Association Conceals Chinatown Convention Location
Kate Middleton's brother: The marshmallow selfie king
Murder Suspect Asked Siri Where He Should Hide His Roommate
Clinton Plans to 'Hug It Out' With Obama When They Party In Martha's Vineyard
Comcast Keeps Customer on Hold Until It Closes to Avoid Canceling His Service
'King Slayer' Kim Kardashian Crushes King Digital
Germany wants foreign embassies to declare their spy employees
Too much sex in sex education book, Fremont parents say
United States: New York ban on 'tiger selfies'
Skrillex Opens Grillex, the First Dubstep-Themed Food Truck
The US Border is NOT safe from Osama Bin Laden
Murder Suspect Asked Siri How to Hide His Roommate
14-year-old runaway boy built secret forts and lived inside Walmart for FOUR DAYS
People would rather be electrically shocked than left alone with their thoughts
Texas legislation thinks it is a good idea to mix alcohol with gun shows
Man accused of killing roommate, asking Siri where to hide body
Couple falls off cliff while taking selfie
Urinating dog 'upstages' BBC weather presenter Carol Kirkwood
McDaniel lists own lawyer as irregular vote
Famous ape that befriended Robin Williams learns of actor's passing
Salmon cannon fires 40 fish a minute
Vegetable nearly kills child; Dalton cop to the rescue
Westlake mall cop ignores agitator, maces african american bystander at israel protest
Filming of N.W.A. biopic marred by drive-by shooting
Fox Host: Michelle Obama Is Too Fat To Be Credible On Nutrition; Keith Ablow: "How Well Could She Be Eating? She Needs To Drop A Few"
Drug gang found running cannabis factory inside a hospital
RECALL: Smoke alarm may not warn you about fire
Redhead sent home for 'distracting hair color'
WAL-MART WORKERS FIND TEEN LIVING IN TEXAS STORE
Cannabis drug factory found in disused Whitchurch Hospital ward
Pro-life group blames abortion on Robin Williams suicide
Toddler hugged to death, sheriff says
Antigay Group Leader's Wife Leaves Him... For Another Woman
Georgia WR Malcolm Mitchell spends his down time with an all-women's book club
Report: Doctor wrote bad prescriptions, forced co-worker to 'motor boat' breasts
Potentially Dangerous Asteroid Turns Out to Be a Rubble Pile
Alleged phone thief calls 911 because victim won't leave her alone.
Jewish group asks France to rename 'Death to Jews' hamlet
Denny's Funds Bacon Man: An Adventure on Kickstarter
Police: Robber calls cops because victim won't leave her alone
Dog the bounty hunter tracking MMA fighter who beat and stabbed porn star girfriend
Conservative Writer: I Wasn't Racist When I Described 9-Year-Old Black Kid As A 'Primate'
Salmon Cannon Shoots Fish Over Dams. That's Right-A Fish Cannon
Muslim Organization to Build Quran Inscribed Monuments in 150 U.S. Courthouses
Koko the gorilla mourns Robin Williams
RNC Condemns AP Exam's 'Radically Revisionist View' Of U.S. History
Suspect asked Siri how to hide a dead body, lawyer says
Florida man accused of killing his roommate asked Siri where to hide the body, court hears
Siri Image Presented At Murder Trial: 'I Need To Hide My Roommate'
Oklahoma governor blasts wrong Satanists for hosting 'Black Mass'.
Man Diagnosed With "Chronic" Homosexuality Sues Doctor
Traffic stops, people call cops for chicken crossing road
California medical marijuana patients file suit over pollution caused by driving to get pot
RWW News: Fracking Is Fine Because Having Methane In The Water Is Totally Natural
Mohawk can be the first step on the road to degradation
Husband, Wife turned to God when she got Ebola
Murder Suspect Asks Siri Where to Dump His Dead Roommate's Body
Man accused of murder reportedly asked Siri "where to hide" the body
"Hashtag activism is activism," Ms. Miller-Tonnet said. "We might be tweeting from a couch, but we're also getting up and doing the work that needs to be done."
AARP membership is now included as part of an AOL membership
Trend Alert: Vogue U.K. Says Boobs Are In
GOP governor begs wrong group of Satanists to cancel Oklahoma City 'black mass'
"Fair Trade" Cocaine Is A Thing Now
Maserati driver accused of impersonating a police officer with Transformers-inspired paint job
Channel 4 News apologises for airing Good Morning, Vietnam clip in which Robin Williams sings, 'Why don't they get a rope and hang me?'
Murder Suspect Asks Siri Where To Hide Dead Body
Woman steals man's phone, calls 911 after he wont stop harassing her
Mrs Doubtfire sequel now unlikely
Man Arrested for Impersonating a Transformer
Channel 4 News sorry for airing Good Morning, Vietnam clip in which Robin Williams sings, 'Why don't they get a rope and hang me?'
Chiefs to Give Away FREE Funeral
Florida murder suspect asked Siri how to hide a body, then used flashlight app 9 times
Hotel warns guests they face fine for defecating in swimming pool after series of 'accidents'
Texas boy, 14, caught living in Walmart
This Teen Lived in a Fort in a Walmart for 2 Days
Vegetable nearly kills child; Dalton cop rushes to the rescue
Xbox One Will Soon Let You Play Pirated Movies & TV Shows
Rush Limbaugh shows no sympathy
Man Un-Ironically Calls Cops to Report Chicken Crossing the Road in Portland, Oregon
Lawsuit Over Alaska Airlines First Class Lavatory Usage
Man calls cops to report "chicken crossing the road"
Toe dispute prompts arrest of beauty contestant
Chicken crossing the road blocks traffic
HOUSE CAT TERRORIZES OWNERS IN CHULA VISTA
Robbers get caught after posting Facebook pictures of themselves holding bundles of bills shortly after the crimes.
Woman checks into hospital as deceased sister while wearing sister's memorial shirt
Poor people don't drive very far: Joe Hockey
Climate change measures like 'primitive civilisations offering up sacrifices to appease the gods'.
Alaska Airlines restroom-use squabble leads to wrongful detainment, $11,500 lawsuit claims
Pilot loses control of a passenger plane after his artificial arm became detached as he was coming in to land
British photographer claims selfie-snapping monkey is ruining his livelihood
Here's another Comcast cancellation horror story, with video evidence
Top websites crash as web 'starts to run out of space': Fears major technical problems could become regular occurrence
'Loot ... and rob them, not your own'; Twitter users advise black people to loot white neighborhoods
Teen runaway hides out in Texas Walmart for days
Top 10 Celebrities who Attempted to Committed Suicide
Unofficial Minecraft Convention Disappears with the Money
Congressman Who Voted Against Minimum Wage Hike Complains He Hasn't Gotten A Raise
ISIS Leader 'Al-Baghdadi' Is A 'Jewish Mossad Agent' - French Reports
Woman checks in to hospital pretending to be her dead sister while wearing sister's memorial shirt
Australian hospital accidentally declares 200 patients dead
SeaWorld Admits Allegations of Cruelty Have Hurt Profits
Robin Williams mourned by Koko the gorilla in touching tribute
O.C. Couple Obsessed With 'World of Warcraft' Sentenced to Prison for Extreme Child Neglect
Dad found passed out behind wheel, toddler in front seat and whiskey in car seat
Michael Cera Quietly Releases Folky Solo Album
Portland bridge for sale, if you have somewhere to put it
Boyfriend brutally beat his girlfriend because she cheated on him in a dream
Pilot's Arm Falls Off While Landing
Melbourne hospital reports 200 patients as dead instead of discharged
Man Plans To Have Sex With A New Person Every Day For A Year In The Name Of Art
Luke, I am your president
How did the dev of Infamous: First Light create a strong lady lead? By talking to a woman
The Chinese cult that kills 'demons'
Islamic State Users Reminisce About Robin Williams On Twitter
World's smallest woman joins 'American Horror Story' cast
Pilot loses control of passenger plane after prosthetic arm becomes detached
Dog the Bounty Hunter vows to hunt down MMA fighter War Machine
Teen was secretly living in a Walmart for 4 days
Japan Has Managed To Create The Most Realistic Sex Dolls Of All Time
Wang, Africa's last polar bear, dies
Skate park set for demolition in battle to combat graffiti attacks
Pilot's artificial arm 'became detached while landing plane'
Police in slow-speed chase of stolen ice-cream truck along Pacific Highway
America Is Not For Black People
Wife of top Texas anti-gay crusader leaves him to be with lesbian partner
Pilot on commercial flight lost false arm during landing at Irish airport
Wife of top Texas anti-gay leader divorces him to be with her lesbian partner
Gay Muslim Imam Brings Message of Tolerance to Europe
Woman charged after allegedly attacking sister with spatula
Nigel Willis, 50, Dies After Getting Vibrator Stuck Up His Bottom For 5 Days
Treasurer Joe Hockey tells low income households they would not be bothered by petrol excise rises because rich will pay them
Minneapolis girl attacked, chased by otter in Wisconsin lake
Man dies in shooting outside Philly peace concert
North Korea fires projectiles as Pope Francis lands in Seoul
"Jumanji"-loving jihad supporter mourns Robin Williams
Colorado town sues all its voters over election
Lady Gaga loses her battle with drink.
Colorado town sues all of its voters
'She became extremely sad': Carers for the world's most intelligent gorilla claim she was 'close to tears' following news of Robin Williams' death - 13 years after video captured the two becoming fast friends
Hospital Sends Out Death Notices for 200 Living Patients
Wife of anti-gay group president left him - for another woman
Pilot's Arm Falls Off While Landing Plane, Promises To Keep Arm On In Future Flights
Proposed Rules Would Allow Alcohol at Gun Shows In Texas
Pilot's Artificial Arm Detached While Landing
Missing child found living inside wal-mart
Dad caught with whiskey in car seat instead of child
Runaway teenager found living in 24 Hour Walmart
Man shot outside peace concert at Dell Music Center dies
Roar! New York Bans 'Tiger Selfies'
Winnipeg hopes 18-metre-high, dirt-covered snowpile will melt before winter strikes again
Commercial Sex Industry Hit By Price Deflation
Teen assaults friend after not being invited to hang out and eat cheesesteaks, police report
'The Fault In Our Stars' to Get Bollywood Remake
Woman Avoids Traffic Ticket By Almost Dying
Pilot's false arm falls off as he lands passenger plane
Wife of top Texas anti-gay crusader divorces him to be with lesbian partner
Woman arrested for engaging in 'intimate act' with lawn chairs
Obama and New Age Liberal Scientists Invent Machine To Capture Your Immortal Soul, Stop Christians From Going to Heaven
Transformers Fan Gets Arrested For Turning His Maserati Into A Decepticon
Kendall Jenner Threatens to Sue Waitress Over Inadvertent Dine and Dash
Pole dancers strip away stereotypes in championship
Alleged Honolulu Teen Bank Robbers Picture Themselves with Cash on Facebook
Sheriff: Man with sword, meth arrested in Rockdale County
Wife of anti-gay group leader leaves him - for another woman
Canadian Driver Sues Teenager She Killed in Automobile Accident
Mother charged after son sets himself on fire for Facebook video
Seriously, 911 Got a Call About a Chicken Crossing the Road
Tourism map 'looks like a phallus'
Pilot Lands Plane After Prosthetic Arm Falls Off Controls
CEO of Baptist center fired after arrest for arranging dog sex encounter on Craigslist
'Pastafarian' fights to wear colander in B.C. driver's license photo
Pilot's prosthetic arm falls off as he lands plane
Chicken Crossing Road Causes Traffic Jam
The Australian government's chief business adviser says too much time has been spent focusing on global warming and as a result Australians are "ill prepared" to deal with the prospect of global cooling.
Chicken crossing road stops Portland traffic
Anti-Gunner Gets Mad When Guns Bought in "Buyback" Were Sold back to Public
Top 10 Celebrities with Addictions -
Jewish group outraged that French hamlet is still named 'Death to the Jews'
Man in Mexico Accidentally Shoots, Kills Himself While Taking a Selfie
Kobe Bryant unveils Beethoven-themed Nike trainers
'Dirty Bird Fried Chicken' defends 'rude' logo and denies they realised it was phallic
Marijuana donated to local clothing store
Seattle security guard pepper sprays black bystander during a protest.
Washington Post reporters have been arrested in two cities this year: Ferguson and Tehran
Man Killed Outside Anti-Violence Concert
Palestinians share tear gas advice with Ferguson protesters
Alleged Burglar Caught After Beating Cops In Doughnut Eating Contest
Security Guard Ignores Fight Instigator, Maces Some Black Guy Instead
Michael Brown Shooting: Gaza Strip Tweets Ferguson About How to Deal With Tear Gas
Robin Williams' Death Predicted 3 Days Before Actual Death
'Black Jesus' is ratings hit as Catholic League says he has 'many redeeming qualities'
Australian hospital declares 200 patients dead after paperwork mix-up
Kids Bacon Eating Contest Debuts at Iowa State Fair
Dirty Bird Fried Chicken Logo Sparks Controversy: Cock-a-Doodle-WHAT?! - The Hollywood Gossip
Google reinforces undersea cables after shark attacks
RIP? Woman poses as deceased sister while wearing her memorial T-shirt
'Pastafarian' fights to wear colander in BC driver's licence photo
Military Revises 'Racially Biased' Hairstyle
Police arrest 13-year-old impaired driver
'Pastafarian' fights to wear colander in B.C. driver's licence photo
Woman confesses to filming porn in church after tipster recognizes her bre
Pope's small car fascinates South Koreans
UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO STUDENTS PLAN FIELD TRIPS TO KINKY SEX DUNGEON
Farrah Abraham Is Working At A Texas Strip Club
Japan sends Hello Kitty into space
Task force arrests man on suspicion of trying to find animals for sex
Ebola outbreak: Nobody tested in Lincolnshire for deadly virus
This Entrepreneur Raised $2M With A Five Slide Presentation - About Nothing
There's No Longer A Doubt About This Cutthroat Trout
Despite reports, SWAT Team helped Al-Jazeera reporters, did not take their equipment
Google Has To Wrap Its Underwater Cables In Kevlar To Protect Them From Sharks
Robbers bind, gag Hawthorne clerk, steal $9,000 in hair extensions
Artificial arm of British pilot comes off during Flybe plane landing
Sarah Palin Picks Imaginary Fight With Elizabeth Warren, Loses
A Guy Used The iPhone He Stole To Post A Selfie To His Victim's Facebook Profile
Now that's what we call good service! Grocery store's 'fine young man' ties elderly man's shoelaces in spontaneous act of kindness
Random shoelace act of kindness goes viral
Woman has sex with dogs, poisons boyfriend
Adidas releases mud-splattered sneaker
Cormorant, MN Elects Dog Mayor
Google wraps its trans-Pacific fiber cables in Kevlar to prevent against shark attacks
McDonald's Just Destroyed Obama's Agenda To Raise The Minimum Wage
British Police Raid Crown Inn Pub In Search Of The 'Holy Grail'
A dead two-headed dolphin that washed ashore in Turkey earlier this week has made waves across the Internet
The Weinstein Company Is Auctioning Off An Unpaid Internship For $50,000
The Islamic State, which is taking over Iraq, is now forcing shopkeepers to veil their mannequins
Drive-by acid attack injures Pakistani women
Live-in caretaker drinks $102,000 worth of old whiskey and dies
Peace and Love via Swastikas
Fire challenge has kids setting themselves on fire
Fire Challenge, where teens set themselves on fire and shoot video, spreads online
Man charged with street robbery that happened while he was in jail
Tom Brady Intimate With Centers: 'I've Got My Hands On Their Butts Probably More Than Their Wives'
Woman accused of poisoning boyfriend, having sex with German shepherds
Doctor lists homosexuality as 'Chronic Condition'
Pilot lost control after artificial arm detached
British pilot lost control of passenger plane during landing when his prosthetic arm fell off
Alaska Election Offers Two Chances to Vote for Dan Sullivan
97 year old New Jersey grandmother drives semi truck
Dead koala with $50 stuffed in mouth dumped at Heywood police station
Pilot's arm detaches mid-flight, causing 'nightmare' landing in Belfast
The FDA wants to use Minecraft to keep people from smoking
Teenager found living in Walmart for 4 days
The Restaurant Where Your Cheeseburger Comes With a Minimum Wage Hike
Good Citizen award-winning dog bites woman at Crufts
Police: Woman has sex with dogs, poisons roommates Dogs suffered minor injuries, veterinarian says
North Korea fires three short-range rockets as Pope visits South Korea
Man with 'Walking Corpse Syndrome' believes he is dead
Cop Blocks Bike Lane To Ticket Cyclists For Not Using Lane
Amish Girls kidnapped? "State police say Delila Miller has a round scar on her forehead and is missing front teeth. Fannie Miller is cross-eyed, they say."
$100K Reward Offered in 20-Year-Old AC/DC Murder Mystery
Apple's Siri gives accused killer tips for hiding body
Drivers cited for not yielding to officer in traffic cone costume
Grim Reaper visits Albuquerque cemetery
Maricopa County Sheriff Leaks Private Conversation Related to Investigation About Leaks
Georgia man gets life over pork skins.
Nicaraguans told to eat iguanas as drought threatens food crisis
KKK Raising Money for Police Officer Who Shot African-American Teen
U.S. Marshals search for gang member 'Loverbutt'
War Machine On Dog The Bounty Hunter: 'I'd Beat His Ass'
Buyback organizer mad that turned-in guns were auctioned, not destroyed
Valentines Day Tragedy: Teen Masturbated 56 Times Straight Before Dying of Heart Attack
Pilot lost control of plane during landing after fake arm became detached
Killer who spent years in hiding blames victim for 'ruining his life'
Pope Francis Steals Children and Dresses Them Up as Popes
HomeTV & VideoU.S.WorldPoliticsJusticeEntertainmentTechHealthLivingTravelOpinioniReportMoneySportsSHARE THISPrintEmailMore sharing Teen runaway hides out in Texas Walmart for days
Monty Python's Silly Walk comes to Ottawa's Sparks Street
Fears internet is running out of space as eBay crashes
By 2025, 'sexbots will be commonplace' - which is just fine, as we'll all be unemployed and bored thanks to robots stealing our jobs
Murder suspect's iPhone at center of testimony
ICYMI: Oxford Dictionaries adds "mansplain" "douchebaggery" and "YOLO", "FML"
KKK raising money for 'hero' Ferguson cop who shot 'Jewish controlled black thug'
Man who invented pop-up ads: "I'm sorry."
Underwear models are now delivering alcohol to Los Angeles residents
Grandma Puts Baby In Roasting Pan, Gets Visit From Child Services
Grandma duct tapes pacifier to baby's mouth
Minn. Restaurant Charging Customers Minimum Wage Fee
Berkhamsted 'penis' map mocked on Facebook
Wear a giant papier-mache head and eliminate your social anxiety
Fears that the Internet is running out of space
Hamburg for cosmopolitan vacations
Man Buys 800-Square-Foot Piece Of African Desert To Officially Make His Daughter A Princess
"I'm Sorry," Says The Man Who Invented Pop-Up Ads
Second death within hours at Chess Olympics
Palestinians have some advice for the people of Ferguson, Missouri
Palestinians teach Ferguson protesters how to deal with tear gas
Couple plunges to death trying to take selfie
A Hamas terror anthem is Israel's biggest summer hit
Condo Rental for Vacations: a passing-by trend or a brilliant idea
Police rescue US family held hostage by angry pet cat
Woman Bites Cop and Dies
Spiderwoman Brings Hope to Winklevoss Twins' Bitcoin ETF
A grocery store employee noticed an older man's shoe was untied. What he did next shocked another customer.
[Translation]Android is the preferred platform of ISIS jihadist fighters
Atlanta Falcons are selling alcohol infused cupcakes this season
Man dies after traditional healer 'destroys his goblin'
Mother Arrested for Using F-Word In Grocery Store Talks
13 Year Old Arrested for OWI in Manitowoc
'Ninja' robs Montgomery gas station at gunpoint, police say
Google's undersea cables have to be reinforced because sharks keep biting them
Vatican Big Fan of US Airstrikes in Iraq
South Africans want to boycott penis clamps - because Gaza.
Rich People File Lawsuit Against City of Boston to Prevent Installation of ADA-Compliant Handicap Sidewalk Ramps in Beacon Hill District of Boston
Pilot's False Arm Came Off During Windy Landing, Study Says
Hipster In Straw Fedora Allegedly Robbing ATMs, Bank Accounts
Man Humps Driveway, Gets Arrested
North Korea internet users 'downloading Top Gear and porn'
Fire house on fire in Sunbury
Banana Mogul Admits To Giving LI Woman Cocaine During Fatal Threesome
President Obama's Soccer Buddy is None Other Than Honda's Robot Asimo
Woman caught trying to smuggle £1.5million worth of cocaine in her breast implants.
'The Dude' won't abide calls for U.S. Senate run in Montana
Venezuelan nabbed at Sangster Airport after swallowing US$103,500
Police seek bearded lady as witness in 'mermaid' attack
Real-Life 'Purge' Threatens Kentucky State Fair, Killing Spree Fears Spur FBI Investigation
Man In Chicken Skin 'Gimp Suit' Walks Around London And Does Aerobics, Because Art
'Ball of fury' cat traps California mother, daughter for hours: report
Woman doctor forced female employee to 'motorboat' her breasts before calling the worker a "titty baby"
Michael Brown Shooting: KKK Raising Reward Money for 'Hero' Officer
Dog wins mayoral election in US town
British pilot's artificial arm comes off during landing
Suspected drunken bicyclist struck by DUI driver
Will he take it on the chin for Nevada? Harry Reid will take a pass on the beard battle.
Bride-to-Be Charged With Stabbing Groom in Heart on Wedding Day
Young mother spends £5k boosting her post-pregnancy chest from 32AA to 32G
Venezuelan woman with 1.7 kilogram cocaine breast implants arrested in Madrid
Living Happy Meal Ever After: McDonald's Lovers Can Now Have Weddings At The Fast Food Joint
Unpaid internship at Weinstein Company auctioned for charity - for at least $26,000
WOMAN TRIED TO POISON ROOMMATES AFTER THEY CAUGHT HER HAVING SEX WITH DOGS
Busy Texas Mom Delivers Baby While Registering Son At School
'SpongeBob's' Krusty Krab is opening - in the West Bank
Woman with cocaine hidden in breast implants arrested at Madrid airport
French hamlet 'Death to Jews' won't change name
New York Governor Candidate Arrested for Recording Aggressive Arrest, Charged with "Menacing" Cops
Michael Brown supporters believe surveillance images were photoshopped
Two players die at world chess event in Norway
Two players die at world chess championship in Norway
Feared Asteroid Turns Out to Be A Pile Of Rubble
Woman Somehow Leaves Sex Toy in Vagina for 10 Long, Painful Years
A Chinese Man, A $50 Billion Plan, And A Canal To Reshape Nicaragua
Alberta collector selling fighter jet on Kijiji for $1.5M, complete with dummy missiles and ejection seat.
A photo of a 4chan post sold for almost $100,000, because 'art'
The officers got the wrong man, but charged him anyway-with getting his blood on their uniforms.
New York Woman Spends 3k On Hand Surgery To Look Better In Engagement Ring Selfies
Gene Simmons tells depressed people 'kill yourself'
Pope Francis organizes soccer match to promote Israeli-Palestinian peace
Fugitive's Mistake? He Wins Police Doughnut Contest
Illinois governor wants opponent's running mate to apologize to the state's cows after making a remark about cow tipping.
Judge Orders Noose-Waving White Guy to African American Museum
Man has lucky escape from sex accident
NM woman tried to poison roommates after they caught her having sex with dogs
Angry cat holds women 'hostage' in California home
One of the Stars of '10 Things I Hate About You' Started a Religion
FURRY FURY: Cuppy The Cat Holds Mom, Daughter Hostage In Bedroom
NY Mets minor league affiliate Sand Gnats Team President to get Prostate Exam while singing "Take Me Out to the Ballgame"
New Zealand Scientists Are Electrocuting Steaks
Grim end to Chess Olympiad as player dies mid-game, another found dead at hotel
Ferguson cops beat innocent man, then charged him with bleeding on their uniforms
Mom arrested for dropping the F-bomb
This Man Slept Through the Islamic State's Takeover of His Town
NM woman tried to poison roommates after they caught her having sex with dogs: police
Man who fathered 121 children charged for marriage to 24 women since 1990
Ferguson Police Previously Beat Man and Charged Him for Bleeding on Them
Sources: Notre Dame investigating potential academic fraud that could involve football players
Starbucks Promises to Take Action After Highland Park Residents Call New Shop the 'Most Depressing in America'
Man Arrested for Assault with Deadly Mashed Potatoes
Kid Rock Ordered to Surrender Glass Dildo in Insane Clown Posse Lawsuit
Pro-Israel 'like' lands Malaysian teen in trouble
Woman found having sex with dog then tries to poison roommates
"The popularity is overflowing!" says Area Mod who filled a subreddit with gallons of Default Bullshit
'Suspicious person' following kids in Brantford turns out to be dad
Some Idiots In Kentucky And Florida Are Trying To Do A Real Life Purge
Arizona math teacher arrives drunk to class and keeps drinking
Casey Kasem To Be Buried in Norway 'Because It's Like Heaven'
91yo Dutch man returns Israeli WWII medal after Gaza strike kills 6 of his relatives
Louie Gohmert suspects 'undocumented Democrats' are bringing Ebola across the border
Woman caught with almost 4 pounds of cocaine in fake breasts
Deputy mistakenly shoots daughter, crashes car on way to hospital
Professor Plagiarized 'Plagiarism' Definition in Textbook, Co-Author Says
Hillary Clinton hired to replace George Bush for Boston speech
Mother Arrested for Dropping F-Bomb on her Kids in Public Read more: http://fox40.com/2014/08/15/mother-arrested-for-dropping-f-bomb-on-her-kids-in-public/#ixzz3AVc438gs
Mother Arrested for Dropping F-Bomb on her Kids in Public
Redhead Sent Home From School for 'Disruptive' Hair - ABC News
What could go wrong? An alcohol delivery service, with underwear models, in L.A.
Texting creating 'text neck' epidemic, doctor warns
Human Meat Found In McDonald's Meat Factory.
Chicago Little Leaguers' ratings beat average Cubs, Sox numbers
Reports: Germany Recorded Hillary Clinton Conversation
Claude Forget says he forgot to check in with police
Two 12-year-olds operating a lemonade stand were robbed Thursday by a teenager, according to the sheriff's office.
Louisville police prepare for "The Purge"
Drunk Mexican man accidentally shoots himself in head while posing for selfie
O.C. Couple Obsessed With 'World of Warcraft' Sentenced to Prison for Extreme Child Neglect | KTLA
Woman spends $3000 on surgery to take better selfies of her hand
Dutchman who saved life of a Jewish child during the holocaust has his relatives killed in Israeli airstrike on Gaza
KANYE WEST'S "ALL DAY" IS THE NUMBER ONE SONG ON A BILLBOARD CHART AND IT HASN'T EVEN BEEN RELEASED
Fugitive War Machine captured by marshals
Los Angeles City Council Considers Paying People to Vote
Olympic wrestler accused of deer hunting in Lexus dealership lot
hút bể phốt thông tắc bồn cầu tại Trung Kính
Dumbass RFT Music Editor Locks Keys in Car at Site of Ferguson Unrest, Is Stupid Dumbass
Masturbators not allowed: Elections Ontario
Ken Ham blasts God for not taking the Bible seriously
Man Drowns Attempting Ice Bucket Challenge
Men sells ex-girlfriend on Gumtree
German Health and Safety Chiefs Ban Sandcastles at Beaches
The Best And Worst Of Impact Wrestling 8/14/14: Fake Cops, Real Troubl... The Good Carrie Is Back In A New 'Homeland' Season 4 Trailer Jennifer Lawrence Is Dating The Coldplay Guy Because God Is Dead
Jennifer Lawrence Is Dating The Coldplay Guy Because God Is Dead
Woman caught trying to smuggle 1.7 kilos of cocaine in breast implants
Knife falls from sky and pierces man's skull, man doesn't even notice
BeautifulPeople.com thrown off eBay for auctioning date with the Virgin Mary
xe honda-city 1.5MT 2014
Police rescues US family held hostage by angry pet cat
Farrah Abraham:I'm stripping for research, just like Jennifer Aniston
Colombian lawyer sues FIFA for €1bn over poor World Cup refereeing
Alien on the moon is just dust: Nasa scientist
Vanilla Ice decries lack of emotional truth in new Ninja Turtles rap
Town erects blank war memorial 'for future deaths'
Blank Bradley Stoke war memorial for 'those yet to die'
Kids robbed at lemonade stand
Ayatollah slams US for unfair treatment of black people. Ties shooting of African American teenager to Israel.
Pop-up ad creator: 'I'm sorry'
Rebel Leader Blames Ukrainian War on Masons
Mother, daughter trapped by aggressive house cat
Mr. T shows up for jury duty in Rolling Meadows
Fan Hocks A Loogie From The Upper Level, Lands In Manchester United Player's Mouth.
Australian hospital mistakenly reports 200 patients dead to their families
Man wearing bin bag mask waits in queue to rob supermarket
Monument to Turkish-Armenian friendship replaced by that to cheese
Are dragon attack plans in place?
Women Call The Police After Being 'Held Hostage' By PET CAT In Their Own Home
The Creator of Pop-Up Ads Issues a Public Apology
Woman Poisons Roommates After They Found Her Doing It With Their Dog, Spike
$200K worth of Legos found during theft investigation
11 Dead At Pakistani Kite Festival
Auto shop customer's complaint: shades of Ferris Bueller
Company developing 'salmon cannon' to get fish over dams
Mr. T Pities Criminals As He Awaits Jury Duty
809-pound tiger shark fed to underprivileged Texans
Don't Worry, Water Is Supposed To Catch Fire, Republican Says
Kenny Rogers Says Lionel Richie Wrote 'Lady' on the Toilet
Hormel gets a motorcycle to run on bacon grease
'Burger King raped my face', claims model on angry YouTube video
Why did the chicken cross the road? Oregon cops don't know
This Guy Sent Sierra Leone 4,000 Bottles of Holy Water to Cure Ebola
Pop star from Singapore steals $18 million from her church to rap with Wyclef Jean
"There are no police": Ferguson store owners guard businesses;cite lack of police responses
The Global Internet Is Being Attacked by Sharks, Google Confirms
Germany recorded John Kerry, Hillary Clinton phone calls 'by accident'
College Basketball's Steals Leader Suspended For Stealing iPhone
Candian Pacific Railroad warns of disaster if forced to rehire cocaine abusing engineer.
A Google employee forgot to remove Post-it notes and it's fueling a lawsuit
Deputy dumps paralyzed man out of wheelchair
Burglar Wearing Crotchless Panties Attacks Brisbane Sex Store Manager With Adult Toys
Cat holds women hostage
Olympian Dremiel Byers Caught Hunting Deer With Bow And Arrow At Lexus Dealership
Summer Camp In State Prison: A Chance To Bond With Dad
Fast and Forgetful: Dozens of ATF guns reportedly lost, stolen
Woman tried to sell $59G worth of stolen Lego play sets on eBay
Gene Simmons Tells People With Depression: 'Kill Yourself'
Woman caught having sex with dog, then poisons roommates
Texas Woman Stole Cheap Wine to See Boyfriend in Jail
India,'95-yr-old woman raped by 35-year-old man'
Masturbators Ontario political party name rejected
WOMAN IMPROVES AFTER DRINKING ICED TEA WITH LYE
Armenia wins tank at World Tank Biathlon Championship in Russia
Woman arrested for $60,000 in LEGO larceny
Hamas responsible for civilian casualties, says Hillary Clinton
Iranian Math Genius's Photos Too Racy For Media Back Home
Porn, Top Gear and Angry Birds: What North Korean internet users are downloading is revealed by internet analysts
Accused murderer Pedro Bravo asked Apple iPhone's Siri "need to hide my roommate"
Robin Williams: The Sad Truth The Media Won't Tell You
Jason Statham Destroys Jimmy Fallon In A Hamster Ball Race Because Jason Statham Was Born To Hamster Ball
Wheee! Treats Make Dolphins & Whales Squeal Like Happy Kids
Pastafarian fights for his right to wear a colander on his head in driving licence photo
Performance Artist Says He'll Have Sex With A Different Man Every Day For A Year
Officer shoots own daughter, 16, in mistaken intruder identity after teen 'sneaks back home (x-post from r/news)
Oregon outlaws medical pot at daycares
Customer calls cable company just to say service is great
'Slavery,' pregnancy drove California professor to accost teen pro-lifer, say defenders
Morgue worker admits to having sex with 100+ dead bodies
Japanese in 20s prefer rice to bread for breakfast: survey
UFO sightings reported from viewers of NASA's space station webcam
Teacher shows up to work drunk, continues drinking
California paramedic told he can no longer use his bicycle as an ambulance
Olympic wrestler charged after allegedly deer hunting in Lexus parking lot
Artist in hot water for underwater protest
Top 10 Interesting Facts about Robin Willams
Naked Illinois robber caught getting dressed in bank bathroom: police
Kansas City Cop Takes on Neighborhood Kids in Epic Dance-Off
Kristen Stewart Cheated on Robert Pattinson
Lassie as Salesdog: One More Trip to the Well- Sent From Drudge Report Android App by LMN
Animals Caught in Crossfire, Trapped at Gaza Zoo
The lady stood you up on the first date
Wearing bikinis impedes India's superpower ambitions, says Goa MLA
Anti Marijuana propaganda is getting a little out of hand in Florida. Yes this is real.
Need a buzz? Inventor claims his device offers a safer, gentler way to inhale liquor
Two Chess Olympiad players die at tournament in Norway
Watch Moving Tribute from 'Koko' the Gorilla to Robin Williams
Christian Singer Reveals: 'I'm Gay'
Woman, 91, sets US marathon record
Chess player dies during Olympics match
Eatery Mistakes Poison For Sugar
Jackie Chan: 'I hate violence'
Man Arrested After Jars and Jars Of Human Penises Discovered In His Apartment
Aubusson happy hooker for Roosters
Nudists scare birds from beach
Obama Rejects ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, Will Donate To Charity Instead
Dad runs from police to 'pause' Madden video game after child found wandering
Drivers Cited for Failing to Stop For Cop Dressed as Traffic Cone
Comcast Agrees I Didn't Run Up $343 In Overdue Charges, Still Demands I Pay It Anyway
Man died after vibrator became lodged inside him for FIVE days
"Confused" man wearing only a tablecloth found in cupboard in Malvern restaurant
Mom, daughter trapped in home by aggressive cat, forced to call 911
NSW Government Plans To Give Business 2 Votes Each In City Of Sydney Council Elections
Accused killer asked Siri where to dump body
Montana's Trail House Brings Morally Hazardous Appalachian Cuisine to Brooklin
I am Charles Manson's wife
Woman allegedly stole wine to see jailed boyfriend
New Haven man killed by stray bullet on his birthday.
Colorado town of Montezuma sues all its voters over election results
Man killed by stray bullet while sitting alone in his basement playing solitaire, on his birthday.
Oxford dictionary is updated: YOLO
'FML,' 'YOLO,' 'Douchebaggery' Added to Online Oxford Dictionary
Man hit and killed by stray bullet while playing solitaire alone in his basement on his birthday
Florida Man Asleep At Intersection Wakes Up, Leads Cops On Chase
Major UK department store to sell school hijabs
Court asked if "No cops" sign enough to ward off police
Pregnant mom gives birth while enrolling 4-year-old at Houston area preschool
Man wearing nothing but tablecloth found covered in faeces in cupboard at restaurant
Cambridge University is looking for a 'doctor of chocolate'
Man Rescued Trying To Sail To US In £300 Dinghy
Latinos Move Up, From Picking Crops to Running the Farm
'White African-American' Suing N.J. Med School for Discrimination
Woman gets licked, kicked in face by giraffe after climbing into exhibit
HIV Or Anti-HIV Drugs Unexpectedly Protect Against Multiple Sclerosis, Otherwise A Disease With No Therapy
Putin Challenge Obama on #IceBucketChallenge
Ebola fears rise in Liberia as clinic looted, bloody sheets stolen
Combined $260,000 worth of Lego sets stolen in separate heists
Could you be Cambridge University's first Doctor of chocolate?
War Machine captured by marshals
Intel, 50 Cent team up to develop heart-monitoring earphones
America's Tumbleweeds Are Actually Russian Invaders
Islamic cleric teaches his students the Islamic way of beheading an Infidel
Top 10 Violent Secret Police Forces
Terror Cat Holding SoCal Family 'Hostage' Prompts Police Response, Barricade Situation
Rand Paul heading to Guatemala to do eye surgeries
Women really don't go for 'nice' guys, study indicates
Friend of Man Who Inspired 'Ice-Bucket Challenge' Dies Celebrating Success
Crowd attacks Ebola center, takes bodies in Liberia
China denounces pet dogs as filthy imports from the West
Rare birds disrupted by nudists on wildlife refuge
Itaewon pub rejects black customers over Ebola
Woman poisons roommate and boyfriend after being caught having sex with roommates dog. (X-post r/Albuquerque)
Telangana CM defends household survey, says he wants to be Hitler to stop 'injustice'
Dude gets what he deserves and sues for it...
Report: Armed men attack Liberia Ebola clinic, freeing patients
Missing South Beach Psychiatric patient told police he killed mom because he feared castration
Dubai deports world's most pierced man because he practices 'Black Magic': report
Demon texts priest after failed exorcism.
Woman kicked by giraffe at Madison zoo
Koko The Gorilla Misses Robin Williams (So Do We, Koko)
Obama: 'You don't put stuff on your head if you're president'
Armed men attack Ebola clinic in Liberia, patients flee
Boat sinking survivors forced to swim for six hours and drink own urine
Texas woman steals $3.99 bottle of wine so she can go to jail and see boyfriend
Dutchman returns Holocaust medal after family deaths in Gaza
Ex-morgue worker admits having sex with up to 100 corpses
Top Math Prize Awarded To A Woman For First Time Ever
'RePack' Name & Concept Copied, Repackaged by Design Student
Inventor of the 'pop-up-ad' appologises and says 'anal sex partly to blame'
Feds: Red light camera firm paid for Chicago official's car, condo
Morgue worker admits to having sex with corpse
Man Fiddles On His Violin During His Own Brain Surgery | IFLScience
Man has entire front lawn stolen
hitchBOT completes 6,000 km cross-Canada trip
Friend of man behind Ice Bucket Challenge drowns after helping raise $100,000 Read more: http://www.ctvnews.ca/world/friend-of-man-behind-ice-bucket-challenge-drowns-after-helping-raise-100-000-1.1963460#ixzz3AhxLTVZ7
Pedophiles Say Pokémon Metagame Too Difficult, No Longer Easy to Befriend and Lure Kids with Pokémon
Friend of man behind Ice Bucket Challenge drowns after helping raise $100,000
Hitchhiking Robot Charms Its Way Across Canada
Top 10 Bizarre Ways to Pick Your Nose
Ebola Is Caused By Cannibalism Not "Bush Meat"...God Reveals To Opambour:
Not so horny: When Americans run with bulls, they don't like to get hurt
Burglars break into closed grocery store, steal 50 bottles of liquor, 10 industrial carts, and every single product in the tobacco department-except Virginia Slims cigarettes which they apparently didn't like
Creator dies celebrating ALS Ice Bucket Challenge success
Climate Change May Lead to Tree Migration
Protecting fair skin with China's 'face-kini'
I am a Hitler and will be worse than Hitler if need be, says Telangana CM K Chandrashekhar Rao
ICAC: Tony Abbott says 'problem' was Labor banning developer donations
Olympic Wrestler Charged With Hunting Deer In Lexus Parking Lot
From Arizona to NY, thieves turn Legos into hard cash
Peoria man laundering $250,000 worth of Legos
Liberia on alert as Ebola patients break out of quarantine
Malaysia Airlines steps up sales blitz, almost doubling commission for Australian travel agents
Blind person falls to collapse hole with his car.
Bookworm bus driver caught on camera.
Hypnotherapy: The Most Effective Way to Quit Smoking?
Woman caught allegedly having sex with dog, then poisons roommates
A Ph.D in chocolate? Cambridge makes it a reality
US rethinks giving excess military gear to police
Cambridge University seeks doctoral student to study chocolate
HuffPo Reporter Mistakes Earplugs For Rubber Bullets
US: Living dead man's family must repay benefits
Giant fish cannon shoots 40 salmon per minute, is actually saving the environment
There's An App That Allows Your Parents To Lock Your Phone If You Ignore Them
St. Louis rally supports Ferguson officer
Huffington Post Reporter Can't Tell the Difference Between Earplugs and Rubber Bullets
Swiss mayor suspended over nude selfies
Ferguson police officer was 'doing his job', say supporters
Abbott To Send In 3-Star General To Secure Australia's Internet
Surprising salaries for jobs you'd never imagine
Ohio man admits to having sex with up to 100 dead women
Dollar General outbids Dollar Tree for Family Dollar
Diabetic teen kicked out of New Jersey drive-in movie
Emerging solar plants scorch birds in mid-air
Cops Shoot 19-Year-Old San Jose Woman After Mistaking Power Drill For an Uzi and Nothing Else Will Happen
Kanye West and Paul McCartney are recording music together, including song titled "Piss on My Grave"
Amnesty International Sends Human Rights Delegation to Ferguson, Missouri
Man plays fetch with his dog, doesn't realise he's lobbing a grenade
Fiancé faked his own death to get out of dream wedding to 23-year-old partner by ringing her up and pretending to be his own father to break the bad news
Reddit, Imgur and Twitch team up as 'Derp' for social data research
Essex beach hand grenade warning as dog walker throws one for pet
Dubai officials deny entry to world's most pierced man
Justin Bieber slammed for iceless 'Ice Bucket Challenge' video
Man, 19, Poses For New Mug Shot Wearing T-Shirt With Photo Of His Old Mug Shot
Zoo-Goer Climbs Into Giraffe Pen, Gets Kicked In Face
Huffington post reporter in Ferguson asks if ear plugs are 'rubber bullets'
"My productions are mostly samples of cats having sex," admits Skrillex.
Ferguson Protests Send Taser Stock Soaring
Lion-ripped jeans sell for $1,500
Ebola is manufactured by Satan - T.B. Joshua
In Gov. Scott ad, he's endorsed by shop owner convicted of human smuggling
People Keep Getting Into Strangers' Cars Because They Think It's An Uber
Morrisons apologise to Antony Gormley after using Angel of the North to sell baguettes
Maine man poses for mug shot wearing T-shirt featuring old mug shot
Shock as Chameleon tracks down thief who had stolen $2500
No Fucking Way: Woman Arrested for Cursing in Grocery Store
Tips for being an unarmed black teen
Walmart Promises To Have Humans At Cash Registers This Holiday Season... Sort Of
Gene Simmons apologizes, is a real asshole about it
Serial chicken smuggler caught in Norway
Is your next phone a noPhone?
Left in stolen BMW, camera's selfie porn clues may help catch thieves
Poll: What do you think of millennial-friendly museum tours?
Man who beat his mother to death not entitled to share of her estate, judge rules
Alleged penis-collecting nurse arrested in Croatia
Hours-long orgasm sent Seattle-area woman to emergency room
Chris Brown praised by judge
Pilot's Prosthetic Arm Falls Off During Landing
Survey Reveals Young Brits Are Using CLING FILM As Contraception
VIDEO | by ITN Chris Brown Praised by Judge for Staying Out of Trouble
Solar farm igniting birds in midair
World's Most Pierced Man Denied Entry to Dubai
Back to sex ed for you: Young Brits are using cling film and plastic sandwich bags as contraceptives
Woman Hops in Giraffe Pen, Gets Kicked in the Face
Convicted Child Molester, Rapist Sues County After Being Raped In Prison: Justice?
Reporter in Ferguson mistakes earplugs for rubber bullets
Groom fakes his own death to get out of wedding, bride is naturally devastated
Does 'Trivago Guy' need a makeover?
US 171 open after house stuck on bridge
Iowa GOP rep. arrested for having sex with incapacitated wife after judge told him not to
Six Month Old Could Move to Jail With His Mum
SC mom arrested for using 'F-word' in grocery store in front of her kids
Groom fakes his own death to get out of wedding
Indonesia: Singapore tourists told 'shut up or go home'
New Ad Campaign Targets Medical Marijuana As A Date Rape Drug
Suspected Gunman Claims to Secede, Establish Country of Dougiestan in 911 Call
Top 10 Disturbing Documentaries to Watch - ---Technology Lists Daily
We Must Do a Better Job of Accepting Young Men
Six newly-wed women return to parents due to lack of toilet at in-laws' place - The Times of India
Patricia Arab serves hot dogs to Muslims, says it's halal
Stevie Nicks asks fans to design her a twirling shawl
Chinese city limits divorces to 15 a day to help troubled couples 'think again'
Reporter in Fergurson mistakes earplugs for rubber bullets
Single mother of 5 uses texts to convince thief to return stolen van [x-post /r/UpliftingNews]
Hazelnut prices soar, fueling fears of Nutella shortage
Kanye West And Paul McCartney Are Collaborating On A New Track Titled "Piss On My Grave"
Single mother of 5 uses texts to convince thief to return stolen van
People Are Mistaking Strangers' Cars For Uber, Jumping In And Making Things Weird
A Man Known As 'The Penis Collector' Was Found With Jars Of Human Penises In His Home
Court orders woman to remove honeymoon photos from Facebook A husband takes his wife to court in Italy. He objects to their honeymoon photos being made public.
Paul Ryan Slams Frank Underwood For Cheating On His Wife
Tucker Blandford Fakes Death To Avoid Wedding
SoCal Family 'Held Hostage' by Cat; Cops Called
Rob Ford looking for answers to Toronto's 'raccoon problem'
Rice Bowl Challenge for All Causes
KKK Disowns KKK Fundraiser for Darren Wilson
Mom's Boyfriend 'Caged, Burned, Tortured' 3-Year-Old Until He Was Blind and Brain Damaged, Then Went to an Amusement Park
'Salmon Cannon' Allows Safe Migration Around Hydroelectric Dams
Cop Dresses as Traffic Cone, Issues Tickets
Ohio anti-abortion leader: Ban public nudity, breastfeeding because boobs promote Gay Pride
Bride-to-be devastated after fiance calls off wedding by faking his own death
Saudi prince's convoy in Paris attacked by gunmen
Pilot's Arm Falls Off While Landing Plane
I got my pussy stoned with weed lube
Army Olympian cited for hunting deer at car dealership
Rob Ford makes a new enemy, says he has been in 'standoffs' with fearless raccoons outside his home
Demon "intimidates priest with text messages" after exorcism.
Al Gore Sues Al Jazeera
A Dozen Parents and Children Killed a Shark for a Selfie.
Cross-dressing Mafia Kingpin arrested at Sicily port
Chinese man refuses Brazillian barista job claiming Brazilians don't know coffee.
Man Arrested After Complaining About Not Getting Sex At Strip Club
Man has Sex with 100 dead bodies
'Support Darren Wilson' T-Shirts Have Sold Out Near St. Louis
Owl kills canary during high-rise apartment raid in Idaho
Pilot's arm "came off while landing"
Performance Artist To Have Sex With A Different Man Every Day For A Year
Fiancé 'called bride to claim he had died'
Ohio man had sex with up to 100 corpses
Cops: Man Assaulted Ex-Girlfriend While Returning Home From Court-Ordered Anger Management Class | The Smoking Gun
Top 10 Most Bizarre Deaths Ever
Red heads go free on August 19th to celebrate World Orang utan Day!
Man Dies of Heart Attack After Ice Challenge, Drinking
Facebook to add "satire" tag that automatically renders articles way funnier
Armed Men Raid Liberia Ebola Quarantine Center
Couple Returns Home From Honeymoon to Find Home Covered in Post-It Notes
Earl Sweatshirt: Taylor Swift Is "Perpetuating Black Stereotypes" With Her New Video
Kid Rock subpoenaed to produce glass sex toy in Insane Clown Posse trial
Microsoft introduces a Reddit browser for the Xbox One
Woman Poisons Roommates After Being Caught Having Sex with Dogs
Outraged By Coffee Shop Owner's Racism, Aussies Respond With, Well, Racism.
'Ice Bucket Challenge' fundraiser dies in diving accident
Ultrasound used as latest weapon to combat chlamydia in koala population
Stud-on-the-farm male goat shocks UAE farmer by giving milk
Hey, ladies - catcalls are flattering! Deal with it
CNN Anchor Suggests Police Use Water Cannons On Ferguson Protesters
Charlie Sheen Just Ruined The Ice Bucket Challenge For Everyone
'Terror' cat holds family hostage
Comedian gets banned from entering city after joking that their women are unattractive
'Men can peep at future wives,' Egypt fatwa claims
Burglar Arrested After Climbing Naked Into Woman's Bed: Police
Why isn't America sending bibles into space?
Egypt calls for restraint in Ferguson
Joe Mikulik Meltdown, Part III: Minor league manager does striptease at plate
Rare albino crocodile called Michael Jackson shot after man killed
You thought Ferguson was bad, thats just how its done in STL
CNN anchor suggests using water cannons on Ferguson protestors
CNN anchor suggests water cannons
Luis Suarez makes his Barcelona debut, somehow manages to not bite anyone
His 101st birthday present? Another day at work
Luis Suarez: Barcelona striker says he won't bite in future
Jackie Chan's Son Has Been Arrested for Marijuana Possesion In China, May Face Execution
Egypt to USA: Don't Kill Protesters
Bride-to-be left devastated after fiance fakes own death to avoid wedding
Ukraine factories equip Russian military despite support for rebels
Cross-Dressing Mafia Kingpin caught in Sicily port.
Restaurant Owner Isn't Sure Why Everyone Hated Her Nazi-Themed Spaghetti
Russia Wants Bulgarians to Stop Vandalizing Soviet Monuments to Look Like American Superheroes
Humpty Dumpty falls at Ore. Enchanted Forest
Should Drought-Stricken Los Angeles Build a Giant Waterslide?
1000 people in Chechnya reportedly rounded up after Instagram-loving dictator loses his iPhone
Israel: There is No Gaza 'Siege'
China Eastern plane aborts landing as traffic controllers take a nap
Man Fakes Death To Avoid Wedding
Creationist's Noah's Ark Theme Park Gets $18 Million Tax Break, Won't Hire Gays, Atheists
Students Required to Wear Heart Monitors in Gym Class to Make Sure They're Not Slacking
Solar Plants Are Scorching, Killing Birds In Mid-Air
The Ice Bucket Challenge got its start on the golf course as a way for golfers to get support for their charities
Obama, Dems Target GOP Foes With Phony Scandals
New Solar Plant Causing Birds to Burst into Flames in Midair - WKEF-TV ABC 22 News :: News
MSNBC Crew Hit With Rocks During Live Coverage in Ferguson
Croatian Man Arrested On Suspicion Of Collecting Jars Of Human Penises
Russia Wants Bulgarians to Stop Vandalizing Soviet Monuments
Obama, Democrats target GOP foes with phony scandals
You Can Buy a T-Shirt to Support the Officer Who Shot Michael Brown
90-Year-Old Holocaust Survivor Arrested During Ferguson Protest
KKK raising money for Ferguson police officer
lancaster pa personal injury lawyer
Colorado Hiker Sings Opera to Calm Stalking Mountain Lion
Egypt urges U.S. to show restraint in Ferguson protests
Fantasy football could cost businesses $13.4 billion a season
Canada's Hitchhiking Robot Completed Its Trip Without Getting Murdered
Ice Bucket Challenge Pioneer Corey Griffin Dies at 27 After Diving Accident
Egypt urges U.S. restraint over Missouri unrest
Vin Diesel Challenges Putin to Complete Ice Bucket Challenge
Veteran rock climber proposes to girlfriend, dies in Yosemite fall hours later
Sylvester Stallone Faces Major Backlash After His Controversial Ice Bucket Challenge
Bikini a threat to India's chances of becoming a superpower, says Goa MLA
Two Indiana Moms Missing: Possible Connection?
Plane aborts landing in China as traffic controllers take nap
Medical Examiner: "Staying alive is mostly common sense"
Police collar milkman drink driving his milk float
Ex-Providence, R.I., Mayor's Charity Pasta Sauce Generated No Donations
Newspaper apologises for comparing Red Bull Salzburg to Adolf Hitler
Sober woman arrested for DUI after being hit by cop car
Luis Suarez has vowed to Barcelona fans he will not bite again
Egypt calls on US to show restraint in Ferguson
Squeaky clean Singapore gets messy: Blame the ghosts
FIFA to host landmark conference on sporting ethics
Kim Kardashian Is Back In A Bikini In Mexico Because Time Is A Flat Circle
Egypt urges US restraint in Ferguson
Drunk French judge tries to bite policemen after mistaking them for taxi drivers
Russia Wants Bulgarians to Stop Vandalizing Soviet Monuments To Look Like Superheros
Doctor, Canadian Idol contestant not guilty on terrorism charge
Missouri GOP Official: Registering Voters Amid Ferguson Protests Is 'Disgusting'
Giant, angry rat tries to attack man at New York subway station
Report: Tucker Blandford, of Stamford, faked death to end engagement
"We don't know why PS4 is selling", Worldwide Sony manager Yoshida says.
Fed-Ex delivers more pot during arrest for pot delivered by mailman
7 Reasons Why You Should Never Buy a Hermit Crab
I'm a cop. If you don't want to get hurt, don't challenge me.
Man uses the ex-Doobie Brother defense during drug sentencing
New Jersey man celebrates 101st birthday by going to same job he's worked at for 73 years (x-post from /r/nj)
Egypt tells US 'to exercise maximum restraint' in dealing with Ferguson protests
Arden Tumbles as Sales of Justin Bieber Fragrance Drop
Egypt Urges US Restraint Over Missouri Unrest
Serial chicken smuggler caught with 1,100 pounds of chicken at Norway border
Canada's Hitchhiking Robot Completed Its Trip Without Getting Murdered [xpost from /r/UpliftingNews]
Missouri lt. gov.: We need 'Anglo-American' justice in Ferguson, not racial protests
Why Courtship is Fundamentally Flawed
Danish art project designed to give "a deeper understanding of discrimination" deemed racist by Swedes and removed from the Malmö Festival
Reddit, Twitch, and Imgur have created a research partnership called DERP
Man Falls Asleep, Wakes Up To Bloody Stranger Sleeping On Couch
Robot hitch-hikes 6,000 km across Canada in 3 weeks
The couple who celebrated their love with several tonnes of sewer fat.
Connecticut Man Fakes Death To Avoid Wedding
Danish art project deemed racist by Swedes
Man Goes To Las Vegas NightClub, Buys 400 Cases Of Beer, And Builds A Beer Fort Around His Table.
NFL wants artists to pay to perform at Super Bowl halftime show
Are Neo-Nazis Running a Vegan Cupcake Shop in London?
SWAT Team Deployed After Siblings Fight with a Boat Paddle. Cant make this stuff up.
Luis Suárez promises Barcelona fans he will not bite an opponent again
Fragrance Maker's Stock Is Crashing Because No One Wants To Smell Like Justin Bieber
I Got Myself Arrested So I Could Look Inside the Justice System
Michael Jackson was shot after killing a man in front of his wife.
Boy Devastated by Father's 'Theft' of His Ear, Nose
Local Man Suffocates To Death In Kitchen After Bag Full Of Bags Under The Sink Bursts
Holster malfunction caused Flemington police officer's service weapon to accidentally discharge, prosecutor says
Ice Bucket Challenge Contributing to California Drought
Cops Believe North Carolina Inmate Hid 10-Inch Revolver In His Rectum. Luckily, It Was Unloaded.
Ferguson unrest: Egypt urges US to show restraint
California fining ice bucket participants for wasting water
SD Police Say Tazing 8-Year-Old Native Girl Was Justified, Family Sues
Stephon Marbury to play himself in a theatrical play in China
Missouri GOP leader calls Ferguson voter-registration drive 'disgusting'
The PURGE In Real Life - Alarming Report From Kentucky: Louisville police respond to 'Purge' threats...
Facebook tags satirical stories as "satire" in an attempt to limit confusion
CIA uses Red Hot Chili Peppers songs to torture inmates at Guantanamo Bay
809-Pound Tiger Shark Fed To Texas Poor, Homeless
Man Fakes Own Death to Avoid Upcoming Wedding
'Ebola' voted by Israeli readers as 'best birthday present' for Obama
Chinese beer maker arrested after putting Viagra in drinks: Report
Missouri GOP: Michael Brown Voting Registration Booths 'Disgusting'
How I got banned from Facebook for insinuating that Michael Brown wasn't a nerd
Man Sentenced on Drug Charges Claims to be Doobie Brother
News reporter gets laptop stolen while covering Ferguson riots
Student Suspended for Saying 'Bless You' to Fellow Student Who Sneezed
News reporter gets laptop stolen while covering Ferguson protests
Egypt's government has called on US authorities to show restraint against protesters in Ferguson, Missouri.
'Long Live the Nazis' spaghetti dish sold in Taiwan renamed after backlash
The best sex tips you'll ever hear - from a man with no penis
Marlborough man wakes up to bloody stranger on couch
Extra-terrestrial life discovered in outer space
Employee Arrested for Stealing Porn Off Customer's Phone
Man Shows Up for Jail in T-shirt With Picture of His Mug Shot
Mayor Says Water Crisis Is Similar To 9/11
Most Pierced Man Barred 'Over Black Magic'
Police: Be On The Lookout For President Obama, He's Missing
Car Insurer Unveils Plans For "Pink Zones," So Male Drivers Don't Kill All The Women
It's a French woman's duty to wear a bikini, says ex-minister
Google's engineers have determined that speeding actually is safer than going the speed limit in some circumstances.
Drunk driving suspect steals police car. Police can't locate cruiser.
Chance abalone discovery leads to herpes treatment hope
Man kicks burning terrorist in the balls so hard, that he tears a tendon in his foot
Drunk driver kills two boys. Dad allegedly kills him right back.
Wounded hunter mistaken for squirrel
Compton School Board Approves AR-15 Rifles for Campus Police
Hemp fibres 'better than graphene'
North Koreans 'forced to pay metal tax for Kim statues'
Евгений Вергус 12 Способов Заработка на Партнерских Программах заработо...
UAE farmer's shock as billy goat starts to produce milk
Facebook Drug Task Force To Begin Monitoring All Messages October 1st
Child molester sues over being raped in jail.
Is the ice bucket challenge wasting too much water during California drought?
'Lord of The Rings replica sword' used to stab woman in skull, court told
Facebook "satire" tag could wipe out the Internet's terrible hoax-news industry
South Korea's Gas Thief Finally Caught Red-Handed
Tourist outswims massive crocodile
Tiffany Bangles,Tiffany & Co Bangles,Tiffany & Co Outlet
Compton school police authorized to carry AR-15 assault weapons.
Grandma kills grandson, mistaking him for an intruder.
Cairns murder trial: man turned up video game volume to drown out woman's screams
Farmworkers kill colleague with oranges
What Elmo and Spidey Want You to Know: They Have Rights
Leader Questions 1,000 Chechens Over Lost Mobile Phone
Florida teen kills mom for not knowing who chief keef is.
GOP Candidate Asks Residents to Mail Him Their Pee
Virginia prepares for possibility of gay marriage
NFL reportedly asking music acts to pay for playing Super Bowl halftime show
"Pastafarian" battles for his religious rights
North Korea insults John Kerry over his looks
Ofcom investigates absence of swearing in Monty Python reunion show
LDPR leader suggested the president of Russia to rename the "supreme ruler"
Yarn Artist Tries to Save Ocean, May Have Damaged It Instead
Territorians make sacred pilgrimage to walloping tree cock
Nicki Minaj Releases Her "Anaconda" On the World
Nicki Minaj Unleashes Her 'Anaconda' On the World
Patent troll drops suit against Adam Carolla after discovering podcasts don't make any money
Zedd Diagnosed with Sudden Hearing Loss
Genetically engineered pig hearts survived more than a year in baboon hosts
An insurance company has put forward the idea of pink roads for female drivers
A defiant Gov. Rick Perry booked on felonies, then has ice cream
Texas' Perry smiles for mug shot, gets ice cream
http://nypost.fiance faked his own death to escape marriage/
Man named Stoner arrested for drug possession
ALS ice bucket challenge co-founder Corey Griffin drowns aged 27
Republicans throw a conniption over the teaching of U.S. history
Man Calls 911 to Complain That Stripper Would Not Have Sex With Him
ATF Wants to Know How Many Guns Get Lost in the Mail
Thomaston man charged with threatening after stabbing watermelon
Student suspended for saying "bless you" at school
No outrage against attempted murder of police officers
Support grows for officer who shot teen
Car crash victim dies in ambulance after truck driver 'tries to tow vehicle as man receives treatment'
The inventor of the Ice Bucket Challenge has drowned
Mega-fan Chris Christie argues with woman about Bruce Springsteen
Curt Schilling blames chewing tobacco for his oral cancer
Albino crocodile named for Michael Jackson shot dead after eating fisherman
Duke The Dog Sworn In As Mayor Of Cormorant, Minn.
'TomTato' tomato and potato plant unveiled in UK.
BrightSource solar plant sets birds on fire as they fly overhead
Taiwan Restaurant Apologizes for Pasta Dish Called 'Long Live the Nazis'
Paul Stoner arrested as police seize $10K worth of marijuana in Orange
Nutella shortage possible after hazelnut crop wiped out
Nut Price Spikes Stoke Nutella Shortage Fears
57% Percent Of Americans Think Only Kids Who Win Should Get Trophies
High school student says he was arrested for killing dinosaur in class assignment
Corey Griffin Dead: ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Fundraiser Dies at 27 in Diving Accident
Deadmau5 Donates $10,000 To ALS Research Instead Of Doing Ice Bucket Challenge
How does Google deal with nibbling sharks? By creating body armor for cables
Perry Poses For Mugshot, Treats Himself To Ice Cream Cone
I contracted HIV after having sex with promiscuous church member: Musician reveals
Hamas Spokesman Does Not Retract Claim that Jews Use Christian Blood to Make Matzos
White House tries proving its tech cred by allowing programmers to keep their wrinkled shirts
Teen says he was suspended and detained for joking about killing a pet dinosaur.
Mail Carriers Need Armed Federal Escorts
KKK Raising 'Reward' Money for Cop Who Killed 'Low-IQ Jewish-Controlled Negro' Michael Brown
New Mexico man steals electric scooter from Walmart and drives it to meeting with probation officer.
Shocking Loss: Devoted Friend Who Drove Viral 'Ice Bucket Challenge' Dies While Celebrating
Passengers run for their lives ... all because foreigner 'fainted' on Shanghai train
Ice Bucket Challenge Pioneer Corey Griffin Drowns
ALS Ice Bucket Challenge cofounder drowns to death
'Let's Be Cops' not accepted by Purdue
Ice Bucket Challenge Co-Founder Corey Griffin, 27, Drowns In Accident
Crash victim dies after tow truck tows away ambulance at the scene for blocking traffic
New Hampshire Republican staffer in chicken suit runs afoul of law
ALS ice bucket challenge co-founder Corey Griffin, 27, drowns
Washington Post Reports: Missouri Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson is not a gang member. He's just a Kappa.
California Fining 'Ice Bucket Challenge' Participants for Wasting Water
Troy Mail Carriers Need Armed Federal Escorts
TMZ claims we killed Robin Williams
Student suspended for saying 'bless you' after classmate sneezed
Sea plankton discovered outside space station
Newspaper reporter resigns over viscous Facebook attacks by police chief.
Mormon-owned BYU removes gay-marriage cards at bookstore
Wisconsin loses $206 million by not fully expanding BadgerCare
After Promising The End Of Government Shutdowns, Mitch McConnell Threatens Another Government Shutdown
Porn star identified by her breasts
High School Student Claims She Was Suspended For Saying 'Bless You' After Classmate Sneezed
Officer Go Fuck Yourself- Rebelutionary_Z #Ferguson Livestream Clip
Newspaper reporter resigns over vicious Facebook attacks by police chief.
Egypt calls for US restraint over Ferguson
Romney: 'Obama Is Even Worse Than I Expected'
Sony doesn't understand why so many people are buying PS4s
Birds are bursting into flames over mirror solar plants.
NFL wants artists to pay to play the Super Bowl Halftime Show
Princeton Study: U.S. No Longer An Actual Democracy
Former Staten Island DA Clerk Traded Info to Get Crack for Husband
Co-founder of "ALS Ice Bucket Challenge" drowns at age 27
Solar plants causing birds to catch on fire in mid-flight [graphic warning: dead bird]
Egypt calls for US restraint
Study: TSA Full-Body X-Ray Scanners Miss Guns, Explosives, Knives - CBS DC
Israeli soldier falls and scrapes his elbow. Israeli army, navy and air force vow launch a new round of killing Palestinians to extract retribution and make the entire population pay for this scrape on his elbow.
Man Charged With Vandalizing Artful Vandalism
57 Percent of Americans Say Only Kids Who Win Should Get Trophies
Here Is an Able-Bodied Man Who Identifies as a Man With a Disability
Woman Calls 911 to Report Botched Pot Sale
Police: Man drives stolen electric shopping cart to meet probation officer, gets arrested
Teen Arrested, Suspended for Shooting a Dinosaur (He Wrote a Story About)
Stamford Man Fakes Death To Avoid Wedding
Corona beer is recalled; limes are unaffected
Sony Doesn't Understand Why the PlayStation 4 is Selling
Teen Arrested, Suspended for Shooting a Dinosaur (In a Story He Wrote)
Ramzan Kadyrov 'quizzes 1,000 Chechens' over lost phone
FIFA to host global summit on ethics in sports
Fashion Designers Turn Their Eyes to the 'Facekini'
High school student suspended and arrested for killing dinosaur in writing assignment (XPost from r/news)
Man drives stolen electric shopping cart to meet probation officer, gets arrested
Priest Receiving Texts From Demon He Failed To Exorcise
Ice Bucket Challenge Pioneer Corey Griffin Dies at 27 After Diving Accident | E! Online Mobile
Richard Dawkins on babies with Down Syndrome: 'Abort it and try again. It would be immoral to bring it into the world'
Ice Bucket Challenge co-founder Corey Griffin drowns in Nantucket after diving off a wharf
High Schooler Allegedly Suspended for Saying 'Bless You' to Sneezing Classmate
Only candy taken in Jackson Dollar General break-in
Police charity raffling semiautomatic rifle, pistol
Chinese Wang Proposes To His Girlfriend With 1001 Hotdogs
Missouri official apologizes for racist Facebook posts: 'I was a very active Republican at the time'
The '95 Ford Taurus must be a beast to maintain.
Key witness in Cairns double murder trial 'turned up TV' to drown screams, court hears
7-Year-Old Turns In Mother For Cooking Meth
One less Canada Border Services Agency chief
Man With Umbrella Causes False Alarm At Cal State San Marcos
Seals not Europeans wiped out Native Americans
Former Sun Richard Dumas: Nancy Reagan's 'Just Say No' campaign 'got me interested' in cocaine
Limbless man to 'roll' 5km to highlight lack of funding
North Korea says John Kerry has "Hideous Lantern Jaw"
Ice Bucket Challenge Founder Has Drowned to Death
Nicki Minaj's 'Anaconda' Video Has All The Butts You Could Ever Want In A Music Video
Girl suspended for saying 'bless you' at school
Hamilton hit-and-run suspect yells, 'Look what you did to my car'
Ice Bucket Challenge pioneer Corey Griffin drowns in diving accident
The Chairless Chair, an invisible chair that you can wear
Drunk man sneaks onto plane
Boiling Water Challenge Injures Multiple Teens
President Obama's Motorcade Heads To Golf Course Following Foley Statement
Cal State San Marcos Locked Down Briefly After Faculty Member's Umbrella Mistaken for Rifle
Chicago-area Little League team gets better ratings than Cubs, White Sox
Obama returns to golf course after condemning ISIS
Vote fire hydrant for mayor
Ohio Morgue worker admits to having sex with 100 corpses
Microsoft Bringing Reddit To Xbox One With 'ReddX'
Yoga Poseurs: Athletic Gear Soars, Outpacing Sport Itself
Ice Bucket Challenge Co-Founder Drowns at 27
Pet-Friendly Dating Sites Match People with Pooches
Rick Perry's Mug Shot Inspires Hilarious Internet Meme
Los Angeles port welcomes massive rubber duck
Sarah Palin Knocks Self Unconscious Taking Ice Bucket Challenge
Mom outraged, employee on leave after student served lunch from trash can
Lawmakers Who Cut Funds For ALS Research Take Ice Bucket Challenge For ALS Research
In Iowa, White House hopefuls eat food on a stick to impress
Stevie Nicks Asks Fans To Design New Shawl
A Ku Klux Klan group claims it is around Ferguson and fundraising for Darren Wilson
Giant rubber duck sails in to L.A. port
Ice bucket challenge co-founder drowns aged 27
No gun at CSU San Marcos, just umbrella
Disabled Man Sues Club Over Privacy Of Lap Dance
Israel accuses Gaza children of using Hamas as human shields
Chicago bar bans Cowboys fan group due to expletive-laden Tony Romo rants
Father of NT minister's homophobic abuse victim apologises for story
Did Google run this dog over with Street View car?
Fashion show sparks propaganda row as Russian child models brandish guns in performance themed on Ukraine conflict
Northern Illinois University Bans Social Media, Happiness for Students
7,000 People Are Watching Two Fish Play Street Fighter
Forget Metro cutbacks, Seattle now has a Weed Bus that lets you smoke weed. On the bus.
Vancouver man creeped out by drone buzzing near his 36th-story condo
Co-founder of ice bucket challenge Corey Griffin drowns at the age of 27
Abbott says Muslim leader called him captain of team Australia
Ice Bucket Challenge co-Founder Dies In Drowning Accident
Cop Pens Touching Op-Ed: Do Everything I Say and I Won't Kill You
Man Calls 911 When Stripper Won't Have Sex With Him: Cops
We found 'drugs' in serviced car
Conservatives Are Furious That Liberals Are Trying to Register Ferguson Residents to Vote
South Africa: Interpol building 'raided five times'
Obama, 'Appalled' by Beheading, Will Continue Airstrikes
Insurer proposes 'pink zones' on roads for women drivers.
University Bans Social Media, Political Content and Wikipedia Pages on Dorm Wifi
Lego: 'We wish we'd invented Minecraft'
Young blood to be used in ultimate rejuvenation trial
'Probably the best mugshot ever': US prisoner poses for jail picture in t-shirt featuring image from previous police station visit
Homeowners 'Shocked' To Find Home For Rent On Facebook Page
British couple walled into French home by 'neighbours from hell'
Man carrying umbrella prompts gun scare at CSU San Marcos
'I nominate my unborn child': Hayden Panettiere confirms her pregnancy for ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
Teen suspended from school for saying "bless you" to classmate after sneezing
The White House Gives Up on Making Coders Dress Like Adults
China tells villagers to fight terrorism by frowning.
This Man Slept As ISIS Militants Took Over His Entire Town
Prius drivers angry at being mistaken for uber
Man arrested after toilet-seat fight with sister
Butte man arrested after complaining about lack of sex at strip club
Female Kurdish Fighters Are A Big Problem For ISIS Extremists
Venezuelan authorities to limit food sales at supermarkets
Gaza 'Corpses' Caught Moving When They Forget Cameras Are On Them
Tea Partier: Obama brought back racism, made cops too afraid to shoot blacks
Woman has surgery to make hands look better in selfies
'Outraged' Hampstead creatives 'reassured' coffee shop hours will stay the same
BUY A TRUCK GET A GUN (see sales manager for details)
Lesbian Muslim Iranians Sahar Mosleh & Maryam Iranfar Have Marriage Blessed By Gay Imam In Sweden
North Korean internet users download Top Gear, violent video games and American porn
Blackpool donkey rides take chip and pin payments
Tennessee teen in trouble for saying 'bless you' after sneeze
Anonymous Message to Barack Obama: Do You See What We See?
Va. man named Stoner arrested on pot charges
St. Pete police: Man arrested for prowling tried to fight a fire hydrant
White Veteran Stabbed To Death By Group Of Thugs Yelling Slurs, Media Ignores
James Cameron Can Express All His Artistic Observations Through 'Avatar' Sequels
Knockout Game Twist: Attacker Asks Victim If He's Armed Before Punching
Mitch McConnell unveils devious plan to elect Hillary Clinton president
Black Americans Tend Not to Trust Police
Paul Ryan: I'm Keeping Tax Cuts for the Rich
Taiwan restaurant apologizes for naming a dish "Long Live The Nazis"
Why Do Police In Suburban St. Louis Have More Powerful Weapons Than Marines In Afghanistan?
Yoga Clothes More Popular Than Yoga
Old Guy Walks Into Wrong House, Refuses To Leave the Couch Or Stop Drinking Whiskey
Lesbian Muslim couple from Iran tie the knot in Stockholm... and the delighted imam is gay too! Read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-2729055/Lesbian-Muslim-couple-Iran-tie-knot-Stockholm-delighted-imam-gay-too.html
Hedy Epstein, 90-Year-Old Holocaust Survivor, Arrested During Michael Brown Protest
Does the ice-bucket challenge kill babies
Moose sex corridor between N.S. and N.B. expands by 198 hectares
90-year-old holocaust survivor among 8 arrested in downtown protest
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says Imam called him 'captain of Team Australia'
Lesbian Muslim Iranians Have Marriage Blessed By Gay Imam In Sweden
Airline Releases Child to Wrong Person
Creator of Ice Bucket Challenge dies in drowning.
Albino crocodile named 'Michael Jackson' kills Australian fisherman
Water bottles and designer underwear banned from Downton Abbey set
Inflatable cat that shoots artwork from its eyes stopping in Calgary
Bottled water and designer underwear banned on Downton Abbey
378 people 'pay it forward' at Fla. Starbucks
'I pity the criminals': Mr T reports for jury duty in Illinois
Man Masturbates at Panera, Manager Offers Traumatized Victim a Cookie
Man arrested after complaining he didn't get sex at strip club
Chechen leader 'has 1,000 wedding guests questioned after losing phone'
Woman Allegedly Beats Man Who Farted In Her Face
James Woods, Democratic Congressional Candidate, Mails Condoms to Pro-Lifers
Myrtle Beach woman beat up man after he 'passed gas' in her face, police say
The Telegraph: Monkeys, ghosts and gods 'cannot own copyright' says US
Sock Mishap Sends Runner to ER
Female Newsreader In Saudi Arabia Creates Outrage For Appearing Without Headscarf, Westerners Think She's Hot
50 Cent challenges Floyd Mayweather to read 'Harry Potter'
Gatineau porn star has a sex marathon to fund her breast implants
ALS ice bucket challenge co-founder Corey Griffin drowns
John, leader of 'the Beatles,' is the masked killer in ISIS beheading video, former hostage says
Facekini Is the Newest Trend in Skin Protection
The Cutting-Edge Butter Knife of Your Dreams Is Finally Here
Flatulence Leads Woman to Allegedly Assault Man
'Dating Naked' cast member sues after crotch-blur fail
Cracker accused of attacking girlfriend with Banana
Drunk man sends porn clipping to Delhi Police helpline on WhatsApp!Gets arrested
Woman Drags Tech-Addicted Boyfriend Through the Subway by His iPhone
Virginia man named Stoner arrested on marijuana charges
U.S. Copyright Office clarifies guidelines on monkey selfies
Poll: Most Americans Want to Criminalize Pre-Teens Playing Unsupervised
Eight lives left; Utah cat revived after rescue from inside wall
US diplomats banned from taking Ice Bucket Challenge
An American veteran and a jihadi share memories of Robin Williams
High school student arrested for writing story about shooting dinosaur
US Diplomats Barred From Ice Bucket Challenge
'Death simulator' to open in China
4 firefighters shocked, 1 critically, while helping CU students with ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
US officials are destroying evidence that they accepted the ice bucket challenge
Principal at NYC's worst elementary on time for work - 'a first in 7 years'
Mystery EPA Poop Story Is Worse than We Thought
'Dating Naked' Cast Member Sues After VH1 Showed Her Naked
Shock as cat passes GCSE Maths
Hanover Township man with 0.30 BAC crashes into Bethlehem man who has suspended license, police say
Police, lawyer release statements on student's alleged dinosaur killing
Diplomats, military, House members are barred from #IceBucketChallenge
Russia to Bulgarians: Stop Repainting Soviet-Era Monuments to Look Like Ronald McDonald
No Big Boobs in Tube Tops at County Fair
Unruly Air India flyer tied to seat from Australia to Delhi
Stupidity at its very finest.
College dudes worried that movement to take rape seriously is ruining their sex lives
Man Steals Wal-Mart Disabled Cart to Meet with Parole Agent
Monkey's selfie cannot be copyrighted, US regulators say
Jimmy Kimmel To Let Floyd Mayweather Read Harry Potter On His Show For 50 Cent's $750,000 Challenge
Minnesota Mom Charged for Treating Son's Pain With Medical Marijuana
School Kid Suspended And ARRESTED For Imagining Shooting A Dinosaur
Pentagon Forbids Military Personnel to Read News Website
Wanted for murder: This owl.
Fast food deal gets killer to admit his guilt
Co-founder of ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, Corey Griffin, Drowns to Death
Cat blinded and was left to die supposedly because he looks like Hitler
Starbucks rolling out food trucks
High school senior says she was suspended for saying 'bless you'
Man awaiting trial pleads guilty to murder in return for fast food feast
For writing about shooting a dinosaur, S.C. high school student gets arrested
Eric Holder's Justice Dept. opens 'criminal investigation' into ISIS beheading of James Foley
Downton Abbey cast forced to renounce modern underwear
Obama Motorcade Delays Pregnant Woman
Tooth Fairy payouts down to just $3.40 a tooth
Kentucky firefighters injured by power line while helping university's ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
White-on-white murder in America is out of control
Courtney Love Slams Fan's Penis in Beer Pelting Incident
Kendra Turner, Tennessee high school student, suspended for saying 'bless you' to a classmate who sneezed
Redskins say team name isn't offensive because it's a proper noun
Ebola Patient Dr. Kent Brantly Says 'God Saved My Life'
Photographer can't copyright monkey's selfie; Aggie law professors weigh in
400 People Continue Starbucks Pay-It-Forward Chain For 11 Hours
Two firefighters seriously injured during ice bucket challenge at Campbellsville University
Nearly 400 people 'pay it forward' at St. Petersburg Starbucks
A Poodle Faster Than Biker Men In Lycra ...
BREAKING: British Burn Washington ... 2 Centuries Ago
One Incredible Entrepreneur Saved This Struggling Neighborhood By Replacing Everyone In It With Affluent Twentysomethings
'Dating Naked' Contestant Sues After VH1 Showed Her Naked
Kentucky Firefighters Seriously Hurt In ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Mishap
Group of B.C. addicts to receive heroin by Christmas, lawyer says
Drunk man sends porn clipping to Delhi Police helpline on WhatsApp!
New Drug That Looks Like Lip Balm Hits Atlanta
Louisiana Tea Party opposes common core math standards because they will turn students gay
Indian boy with hands larger than his head can't even tie shoes
Haemorrhoid Sufferer Claims Bum Deal Made Her Steal
Hiding in plain sight?
City spiders are getting bigger - but that's a good thing
Crazy woman on show called "Dating Naked" sues station for $10 million for showing part of her naked.
Republicans Hate the New AP History Exam
The Day a Dozen Parents and Children Killed a Shark of a Selfie.
The Day a Dozen Parents and Children Killed a Shark for a Selfie.
EU ban on powerful vacuum cleaners prompts anger and legal challenge
Secret Mission to Rescue US Hostages 'Flawless,' Except for the Rescue
Obama blasts jihadis, returns to golf.
Weight Loss Doc Forced Female Colleague To 'Motorboat' Her Breasts
2 firemen injured badly performing ice bucket challenge near powerline
Call of Duty ™ gets Mountain Dew™ and Doritos™ skins.
This Couple Communicated Exclusively in Emoji for 30 Days to See if It Would Ruin Their Relationship
German cop faces murder charges for stabbing fellow cannibalism fetishist dead
Long-Time Ban on Witchcraft, Fortunetelling Splits Va. Town
Oklahoma Church Sues Satanic Group For Stealing Communion Wafers For Black Mass
US House of Representatives faces Wikipedia ban thanks to trollish edits
Student Jailed After Writing Story About Killing Dinosaur With A Gun
Highway Patrol booked an Aeroplane for going 60km/h over the speed limit
Beef over bread triggered Macon shooting
Dog With Water Jug On It's Head, Still Missing
63% want to marry virgins, but majority approve of premarital sex
Catholic archbishop sues Satanist group for stealing a communion wafer to use in its Black Mass
15-year-old boy accidentally shoots self while taking selfie
Lawsuit pits Catholic archbishop against satanist group over sacred item purported to be used for 'black Mass'
Berlin's giant Lenin statue may have been lost, say city authorities
Angry Ashford film fan Ann Humphrey boycotts Cineworld cinema at Eureka Leisure Park over new allocated seating policy
Nazi themed spaghetti removed from menu
Beyonce and Jay Z's 2013 Cuba trip declared legal
4 firefighters injured when Ice Bucket Challenge goes wrong
Woman spends £130K on surgery - including turning her nipples into hearts - to look like holiday caricature
4 Firefighters Hurt When Ice Bucket Challange Goes Awry
Meet the Man Who Stole My iPhone
Fraud and Embezzlement Drives Anti-Piracy Group into Bankruptcy
Cudowne tabletki dla mężczyzn
George R.R. Martin Says The Next Books Give Him 'A Lot More Flexibility For Killing People'
Ebola survivor Dr Kent Brantly credits God for his survival in bizarre press conference
College Men Finding Not Raping Really Quite Burdensome
'I Can Haz Islamic State Plz': Isis propaganda on Twitter turns to kittens and lolspeak
Boy, nine, and his 62-year-old bride who has children TRIPLE his age, renew their marriage vows to make his dead ancestors happy
Council backs repeal of fortunetelling ban
Army takes over Miss Uganda contest
(X-post /r/CollegeBasketball) Calipari calls into Mike Francesca's show to critique Francesca's critique of him
German man evicted for squeaky swing set sex prop
Landlord fined for renting room that could only be entered on all fours
Archbishop Sues Satanists for Return of Consecrated Host
Man evicted for squeaky sex swing
10-Hour 'Pay It Forward" Line Ends With Customer No. 458 Who Refuses
/r/nottheonion hits 1 MILLION subscribers
Samsung Galaxy S5 takes ALS Ice Bucket Challenge and dares other smartphones to do the same
A Contestant On 'Naked Dating' Is Suing For Being Shown Naked While Dating
Breastfeeding Moms Stage 'Nurse-In' At Anthropologie In Beverly Hills
50 Cent challenges Floyd Mayweather to read Harry Potter for Ice Bucket Challenge
50 Cent challenges Floyd Mayweather Jr. to prove he can read
Giant grouper fish swallos 4-foot shark in one bite
Disabled Chihuahua on the move with 3-D printed doggie cart
Standoff over after man barricaded self in Melbourne home with baby inside
Four firefighters electrocuted during ice bucket challenge when ladder gets close to power cables
Northern New York Couple Arrested for Kidnapping 2 Amish Girls for Use as Slaves
Fakes Death To Avoid Wedding
Russian Mass Brawl Over Watermelons Ends in Gunshots
My fiance faked his own death to get out of marrying me
A police officer is under fire for shooting five kittens to death in front of children in North Ridgeville, Ohio.
South Carolina woman pummels man, 64, after he 'passed gas' in her face: police
Man Named Stoner Arrested on Pot Charges
Elementary teacher suspended for asking white student 'cops' to shoot black 'Michael Browns'
BNP: The BBC is forcing 'homosexual persuasions' on everyone with gay characters
Sheriff: Mom arrested after marijuana found in son's shoe
A Year After Shooting Five Kittens, North Ridgeville Officer Back In News For Shooting Young Raccoon In Front of Kids
New TV Show "Sex Box" to feature people having sex in a box
Boy held for killing pet dinosaur
Camera Captures Thieves Stealing Neighbor's Lawn
New study shows Grizzly Bears can use tools
Monkey's selfie at center of copyright brouhaha
Guy Doesn't Understand Strip Clubs, Calls 911 After Dancer Won't Have Sex
Cast member of VH1's Dating Naked wants $10 million for show's failure to blur
Woman kicked by giraffe pays fine, apologizes to zoo
Army takes over Miss Uganda beauty contest
West Virginia interstate shut down due to chickens and ammunition in road
ISIS underwear range launched by Ann Summers
Lawyer Says Client's Horns, Tattoos Could Impact Trial
iPhone 6 To Give Wankers Something To Talk About
Farmworker pelted to death with ORANGES after row broke out
Student Jailed After Writing Story About Killing Dinosaur with Gun
2.2 Million Bean Bag Chairs Recalled After Deaths
Westboro baptist church accepts comedians offer of free tickets to Iraq
Police pinch cross-dressing mafia boss
Comedian Offers To Fly Westboro Baptist Church To Iraq In Response To Planned Robin Williams Protest
Prisoners Film Tunnel Jail Break On Phone
Subject of Yahoo! trend lands interview with Yahoo! after handing out resumes in subway station
50 Cent issues Floyd Mayweather a literacy challenge but ironically asks him to "except" it
City-owned gun range gets liquor license
Suspicious Object Turns Out to Be Star Wars Toy
Reading 'Fifty Shades' Linked to Unhealthy Behaviors.
4 firefighters hurt as ice bucket challenge goes awry
Florida Man Deliberately Scuttles 'Pay It Forward' Starbucks Line
Son Discovers His Father's Life of Crime Is Now a Work of Art by Warhol
Pizza delivery boy accused of reporting fake homicide to avoid getting in trouble for delivering a pizza too late.
Daphne 'Cursed' From Size 2 To Size 8 In New 'Scooby-Doo' Movie
Australia's Premier Male Stripping Troupe Fight Off Gun Wielding Meth Head
Chickens, AK's, and IED's shut down the interstate
Chinese fighter pilot performs 'Top Gun' roll over US surveillance jet.
Ice Bucket Challenge Goes Awry, Firefighters Hurt
Egyptian cleric: Men allowed to spy on women in the shower if they have 'pure intentions'
Truck containing one driver, one dog, 40 chickens, an AK47, an IED, and a jar of weed rolls over on Interstate in WV.
The Latest Obamacare Victim: the Chicago Cubs
Woman searches for missing raincoat in Alford
Steelers' Le'Veon Bell didn't know he could get DUI 'for being high'
Alzheimer's patients to be treated with the blood of under-30s
Jailed Scott Weiland Impersonator Isn't Scott Weiland, Police Realize One Month Later
Peeing in the ocean: Is it OK?
Samsung Galaxy S5 takes the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, nominates iPhone, HTC One, & Nokia Lumia 930
The Cubs grounds crew was short staffed because the Cubs were trying to avoid Obamacare
Dating Naked contestant sues series for showing her dating while naked
Lawyer for a suspect in gruesome triple murder fears his client's horns and '666' tattoo could turn jurors against him
Firefighters hurt in ice bucket challenge
Le'Veon Bell to cops: "I smoked two hours ago. I'm not high anymore"
'Ice Bucket Challenge' goes wrong when 4 firefighters shocked by power line
Couple Used Dog to Lure 2 Amish Girls as Part of Slavery Scheme, Official Says
Comcast Takes Credit for Google Fiber, Unicorns, and Kittens
Improvised Explosive Devices, Chickens, Marijuana Found in I-79 Crash
K-9 Dead; Officer Accused of Leaving Dog in Car for 6 Hours
Chef Killed By Dead Snake 20 Minutes After Severing Its Head
Ice Bucket Co-Founder Drowns at 27
Insane New Culver Parking Restriction Signs Are 15 Feet Tall
Chinese Jet Barrel-Rolls Over U.S. Plane Bringing Protest
'Very dangerous': Pentagon says armed Chinese jet did 'barrel roll' over US aircraft
Is this an alien's thigh bone? Probably not, let's be honest
Alaska cops investigate 'suspicious' abandoned light saber
Is Cubs' epic tarp fail due to ObamaCare?
Satanist turns communion wafer over to Oklahoma City's archbishop
I-79 BACK OPEN: Chickens and ammo to blame for shutdown
Mike Ditka wants anti-Redskins liberals to get off his lawn
George R.R. Martin Teases Lots of Death in the Next 'Game of Thrones' Books
Best Plumber Fort Lauderdale Video Directory of Fort Lauderdale Plumbers » Best Plumber Coconut Creek
Meet the Woman Who Wants to Reduce The Male Population by 90% "For Peace"
Chelmsford man remanded in custody after staring at woman for 7 hours
Meet the man who stopped the 11-hour Starbucks pay-it-forward: 'I had to put an end to it'
ISIS the Rock Band Mistaken for the Terrorist Group
12 things white people can do now because Ferguson
Adam Hill offers to buy plane tickets for the Westboro Baptist Church to picket the ISIS in Iraq - they accept. (x-post)
GOP Committeewoman Warns Child Migrants 'Highly Trained As Warriors,' Could 'Rise Up Against Us As Americans'
Bingo winner disgusted after Domino's Pizza garlic bread arrives half-eaten
Man shot by Police to keep him from stabbing... him self.
Alabama Police Officer Assaults Man For Recording at Anti-Police Brutality Rally
"Weed Bus" voted down in WA
Westboro Baptist Church Says It Will Go to Iraq to Protest ISIS
What is, "the racially narcissistic behavior of adult whites", exactly?
$200k a year is ALMOST rich...
Four firefighters injured during Ice Bucket Challenge
Westboro Baptist Church Says It's Going To Iraq To Protest ISIS
Trash Bags Full of Urine Fouling Basement and Irking Residents at 301 Cumberland Street
Police recover 40 Chickens, Marijuana, an AK47, and Fireworks from a Ford Explorer following crash.
Florida Starbucks 'Pay-It-Forward' Hater Has A Long Sordid History
Police Responding To Crash Find Chickens, AK-47 & "Improvised Explosives" In SUV
Could Scientology help save Flint? City Council considers endorsing L. Ron Hubbard program
Who Owns A Monkey's Selfie? No One Can, U.S. Says
Just a boy looking to tattoo your name on himself in exchange for helping out his Erotic Cat Calendar
Calif. Lawmaker Votes for More Regs for Ride-Sharing, Then Gets Busted for DUI
Girl cooks up kidnapping plot to hide 'beer' truth from her parents
CU-Boulder Called 'Culturally Chauvinist' For Naming Dorms In English
U.S. Furious After Chinese Fighter Jet Does Barrel Roll Over American Aircraft
Kim Jong Un Announces US Presidential Candidacy
Naked Italians spark protests against antics of drunken tourists in Barcelona
Tennessee student sent to principal's office, gets in-school-suspension for saying 'bless you'
Florida pageant mom fed daughter tapeworms to make her lose weight
Pregnant Nun Claims Immaculate Conception
Your Dream Of Spending Your Entire Life At Ikea Is Now Complete: You Can Sleep There
Spanish senator blame €1 trillion national debt on homosexuals.
Some general information on Palm tree wedding invitations
Murdered Teen Texted 'OMG..I Think I'm Being Kidnapped'
Woman started £4.2 million wildfire because her firefighter friends were BORED
Woman Set Reservation Fire to Give Friends Work
Police often provoke protest violence, UC researchers find
Pizza delivery boy accused of reporting fake homicide to avoid getting in trouble for not delivering a pizza on time.
Landlord fined £1,500 over Hendon flat accessed by crawling
Wives Suffer From Retired Husband Syndrome
Fire crews perform mouth-to-mouth to revive koala hit by car in Melbourne
Will Bill Murray Attend Bill Murray Day? Yes, Bill Murray Will.
China tells villagers to fight terror by frowning
Teen "Fire Challenges" Spark Emergency Warning From NJ Officials
Couple with fake babies try to enter hospital maternity ward
Mother fed her daughter tapeworms to make her skinny for beauty pageant
Saudi Arabia has beheaded 19 people this month, including one for sorcery
Russian/Ukrainian conflict turns to animal warfare
Las Pinas Doctors Hospital Refused Baby w/ Pneumonia w/o Down Payment?
Beauty at a hefty price: Mother fed daughter tapeworms to make her skinny for beauty pageant
Lawyer for man charged with murder worried about his client's "horns" and face tattoos
McDonald's names new US president again
WebMd put eating a hamburger over drinking fruit juice, sports drinks, and smoothies for alternative ways to stay hydrated
Oklahoma City Archbishop Drops Lawsuit Against Devil Worshiper
Florida Mom Feeds Daughter Tapeworms To Help Her Lose Weight
Couple Tried to Sneak Into Hospital with Fake Babies
Florida atheists banned from starting public meetings with prayer, county commissioners say
Father of 16 probed for baby-farming
MPAA accused of homophobia over R-rated sex-free gay romance
Starbucks changes prices according to number of characters in drink title
India makes 'liking' blasphemous content illegal
Little Diggers Archeology Program saves Mississippi six million dollars
David Gregory: Al-Qaida cast off ISIS as 'too extreme'
Dancer actually bit by snake during rehearsal for Nicki Minaj's new "Anaconda" song.
They aren't going after all...
Demon in the back seat?
مشاهدة مباراة الاهلي والنجم الساحلي
Sonic Youth, Ariel Pink, Animal Collective Members, Jim O'Rourke, Yoko Ono, More Make Music for Plants
Man missing 5 days was chased up a tree by bear
NJ teen sues parents: The Public's Response
Dude, check out all the military equipment that has been transfered to Michigan's police departments
92-year-old vet informs government she's not dead yet
SLS searching for missions to solve flight rate dilemma
Gay Bathhouses Nationwide Face Uncertain Future
Stolen Obama statue discovered with six-pack of Twisted Tea in Pa. park
Lizards have personalities too, study shows
'Dear customer, sorry to hear you're dead'
Suspended St. Louis Police Officer: "I'm Into Diversity, I Kill Everybody"
Woman arrested for trying to enter maternity ward with fake baby
13 year old Wisconsin girl arrested for 2nd OWI
Nicki Minaj dancer hospitalised after being bitten by snake during 'Anaconda' VMA rehearsal
More reports of large, fishing spider in Wis.
PETA has killed 29,426 dogs, cats, rabbits, and other domestic animals.
Severed Snake Head Kills Chef Cooking Cobra Soup
Mel Gibson to Shia LaBeouf: 'My heart goes out to the poor guy'
Dude Orders 400 Cases Of Beer In A Las Vegas Nightclub, Builds Beer Fort Around Table
$250,000 Raised For Ferguson Officer Who Shot And Killed Michael Brown
Kentucky firefighter critical after ice bucket challenge mishap
The naked Italians in Barcelona are a sad reflection on modern tourism
Man's marriage proposal features 1,001 hot dogs
Troublesome, Non-native Squirrels Will Get Birth-control Shots
Racist Boy Dies For 3 Minutes, Says Jesus is a N**ger
Gays to blame for Spain's trillion euro debt: senator
Kate Moss' left breast modeled for 34 Restaurant's champagne glasses
Superintendent Who Doesn't 'Want To See Anyone's Ass Hanging Out' Gives High School Girls Bend-Over Check
SWAT Team Responds To College Staff Member; Carrying Umbrella
Richard Dawkins: 'immoral' not to abort if foetus has Down's syndrome
No charges to be filed against blogger Peter Schorsch after sheriff's investigation
PETA Increased Its Stake In SeaWorld This Week
Floyd Mayweather Jr. responds to illiteracy jab by bragging about his cash
Man still stuck in theme park river pool
Man told girlfriend he had been kidnapped to stay out at house party, sparking police hunt
Beverly Hills News - Only In Beverly Hills: City To Spend $26,000 On Sweaters For "Tree Yarn Bombing"
Two Members of Jail Staff Arrested for Sleeping with Inmate
Grandmother tackles man fleeing police, pulls his pants down
Woman offended by sign with the word "bacon" on it
Jessica Alba: A Teen Crush On A Bisexual Drag Queen Prompted Me To Turn Away From The Church
British rapper a suspect in ISIS beheading
Jihadists Buy "Islam for Dummies" on Amazon
British newspaper angry that Ann Summers launched a range called Isis (after the Egyptian Fertility god) - "Ann Summers said they are totally opposed to violence and terrorism"
CBP Intercepts Tamales with Cocaine Filling
Local man faces dilemma at grocery store
Man Loses Head of Penis In Fishing Accident [Disturbing Image Warning]
Man Fatally Shoots Self in Head to Prove Gun Wasn't Loaded
Snowy owl that survived bus hit dies in Minnesota
New horror movie leaves critics unsatisfied
Auburn Commit Kerryon Johnson Chugs Mustard on Sidelines to Avoid Cramping
Porn star Zoé Zebra says sex with 25 men at Quebec strip club is best way to pay for new breasts
Read this! Floyd Mayweather Jr. responds to illiteracy jab by bragging about his cash
Firefighters injured after Ice Bucket Challenge accident
Local man's Nicorette addiction exposed
Airbnb Lets You Sleep in Ikea for the Night
MH370 Is Missing With 239 People On Board, Help The Families Find The Truth
Floyd Mayweather Has A Mathematical Response For People Saying He Can't Read
Couple try to sneak into maternity ward with fake babies
'Crap' Australian parents raising a generation of spoilt brats by not setting boundaries, psychologist warns
Getting to Know Whale Vaginas in 7 Steps | Guest Blog, Scientific American Blog Network
Oracle takes $240 million for a website, and then fails to build the website
Child superheroes take on drug cartel
Rick Perry Just Released A 'Wanted' Shirt With His Mug Shot
Church baptism fountain being used as a pool
Slap Ya Mama hot sauce says NFL banned its ads over domestic violence concerns.
Breakfast Downgraded From 'Most Important Meal of the Day' to 'Meal'
Woman sparks 51,000 acre wildfire to help bored firefighters
Apparent ISIS terrorists take photos with Nutella to seem softer, friendlier to West
Infamous Auburn University tree poisoner pulls out of charity pie throwing event after protesters threaten to put bricks in pies and Katherine Webb gets death threats
Top 10 Celebrities with Physical Deformities
Darknet drug markets kept alive by great customer service
World's Most Bare-Bones Phone Does Absolutely Nothing
Russia rejects appeal to ban 'pornographic' bank note
Giant earwax plugs tell the life stories of blue whales
Saudi poll to reveal public's level of sympathy for IS - an opinion poll of Saudis were released on social networking sites, claiming that 92% of the target group believes that "IS conforms to the values of Islam and Islamic law."
Cash raised for Mo. cop surpasses Brown donations
THE LAPD THINKS IT'S AT WAR AND NOW IT HAS DRONES
Peptide investigation into bisexual soldier sparked topless bar revelations
7 killed in Ghana over 'penis-snatching' episodes
Teenager shoots himself while posing for a selfie
Nicki Minaj 'Anaconda' dancer bitten by snake at VMA
Canadians in terrorist armies threaten us all
Marijuana-promoting van found with illegal drugs inside
Saudi reality TV show to find partners for 1.5 million singles - and second and third wives for others
Dark net drug markets kept alive by great customer service
Sorcerers Killed for Penis Snatching
Crystal Palace Rule Tony Pulis Out Of The Running To Replace Tony Pulis
NASA Says A Thigh Bone Was Not Found on Mars
Fallout from campus sexual assault hysteria: College men now suspicious of women
Police Arrest Student for Shooting a Fictional Dinosaur
"Slap Your Momma" Seasoning gets pulled from NFL because they don't support Domestic Abuse.
Family of girl, 4, who suffered allergic reaction are removed from flight after asking crew not to serve cashews on board to anyone else in their cabin
Suge Knight shot in Hollywood nightclub
Illegal immigrants accidentally hide from authorities inside a Texas marijuana farm near the border.
Taylor Swift Releases 1989 in Completely Expected Way
Ukraine accuses Russian aid convoy of stealing factory equipment
Florida Man Asks Police to Shut Down Kid's Illegal Lemonade Stand
Chef killed by decapitated cobra
Rapper identified as James Foley's executioner: reports
Chris Brown's VMA party turns violent
Virginia mother turns teen daughter over to police after finding naked photos on phone
Family of nut allergy girl are removed from flight
Isis (the Band) Mistaken For Isis (the Terrorist Group)
Florida City Fires Their Entire Police Force
Size does matter in this case, rules judge
Richard Gibson Has Kept All His Nail Clippings In A Jar -- Since 1978!
An Accused Flasher Is Claiming Innocence On Grounds That His Penis Is Too Small
Man Fakes His Own Kidnapping To Keep Partying
Dunedin neighbor is sour on boy's lemonade stand
WATCH: News Chopper Locates the Hulk During Live Shot
'Dating Naked' Star Is Suing Because Everyone Saw Her Naked
Oregon teen given 11 years for carving swastika into classmate's forehead
Nicki Minaj's 'Anaconda' Backup Dancer Bitten by Snake During VMA Rehearsal
Joe The Plumber: Hold A Job Fair In Ferguson, Protestors Will 'Scatter Like Cockroaches'
Parents Call Cops on Sexting Daughter
Man charged with selling crack at candy store
Russian Central Bank Refuses to Replace 'Pornographic' 100-Ruble Note
Russian government fuming over superhero makeovers of Soviet-era monuments
Delivery man accused of flashing claims penis too small - and wife agrees
A Mother fed her daughter some tapeworms to make her lose weight for Beauty Pageant
Lawyer wants $125,000 worth of seized wine back from the police
Gerald Dixon and Gerald Dixon Jr. will start for South Carolina.
Ferguson Rioters: 'They' Better Rebuild the Businesses We Looted Or There's 'Gonna Be Hell to Pay' (Video)
Kuwaitis mistakenly play Borat's Kazakh national anthem at medals ceremony
Burger King in talks to buy Tim Hortons
The dying American dream, perfectly illustrated with Legos
Advertisement containing word "bacon" removed after Muslim resident expresses offense
Imprisoned former Oshawa councillor attempts to be re-elected | Toronto Star
Sewer fishing: Can fishing get any crazier?
Galileo satellites go into wrong, lower orbit
California's new solar power plant is actually a death ray that's incinerating birds mid-flight
Dude who stopped Starbucks kindness chain: Grinch or just grumpy?
MTV Music Award 2014 'Best Rock Video' Winner Is Lorde For 'Royals'
Critics Blast Obama's Three Meals a Day
Is Police Brutality Toward Blacks Rare?
Cung cấp trải sàn cho các loại ô tô mẫu mã đẹp | LinkHay.com
Miley Cyrus Retires from Twerking
YES, THERE ARE STILL PEOPLE WHO BELIEVE THE EARTH IS FLAT
West Virginia Crash Spills Chickens, AK-47, Pot and Fireworks
NJ Warns Teens Not To Set Themselves On Fire
Ice Bucket Challenge video leads officers to wanted Omaha man
Man dressed in penguin onesie hunted by police for stealing booze
California woman with fake babies tried to enter maternity ward: cops
Someone in Congress is messing with an Orange Is The New Black star's Wikipedia page
Warm Springs woman who set $7.9 million wildfire posted 'like my fire?' on Facebook
Now you can buy a Rob Ford rubber mask
Lorde wins Best Rock Video over actual rock bands
Judge calls sex abuser mom 'vile bitch' during sentencing
Rob Schneider Demands Answers on CDC MMR Autism Fraud
Ferguson Rioters: They Better Rebuild the Businesses We Looted Or There's 'Gonna Be Hell to Pay'
Rob Schneider Demands Answers on CDC MMR Fraud
The world of whiskey
Top 10 thủ thuật hay cho ứng dụng Facebook - Messenger trên Android/iOS | thuthuattienich.net
Witness Offered $3.50/Hr to Testify Against Pirate Bay Founder
Study finds that human subjects prefer when robots give the orders
Oh, brother: Tributes flow for David Attenborough, as Richard Attenborough dies
Boob Aid: Japan porn queens in 24-hour 'squeeze-a-thon'
New study says 2022 World Cup in Qatar will be too hot to even sit and watch
Firemen called to remove ring from man's penis
Woman dies after NZ doctor forgets to tell her about cancer
Your Exotic Pet Doesn't Love You
British terrorists from Birmingham bought 'Islam for Dummies' book before travelling to Syria to join rebel fighters in jihad
Half-Naked Man Attacks Driver While Claiming to Be the Messiah: Police
MIT study says robot overlords could make for happier human workers
Top 10 Bizarre Coincidences Too Good Not To Be Ignored
BlackBerry can pursue contempt of court charge against Ryan Seacrest's Typo
'Dating Naked' Star Sues Because She Was Too Naked
Ice bucket pioneer drowns
Garden gnome alert: 400 missing in Austria - Austrian political party issues a garden gnome alert
Quebec porn star to have sex with 25 men for breast implants
British Embassy celebrates the 200th anniversary of burning the White House
Koala Bear Rescued with Mouth-to-Mouth
Family demands answers after fatal electric guitar attack.
Gazans launch 'Rubble Bucket Challenge' to raise awareness for unrest in the region
California Lawmaker Votes To Kill Uber... Then Caught Driving Drunk Just Hours Later
Hallway Feces Was Only the Beginning of EPA's Region 8 Problems
Could Scientology help save Flint, Michigan? City Council considers endorsing L. Ron Hubbard program.
British Embassy Apologizes For Humorous Tweet About Burning The White House
Grocers Lead Kids To Produce Aisle With Junk Food-Style Marketing
TRAGIC: Mississippi Girl Dies After Breaking Her Neck From Ice Bucket Challenge
Police say man handcuffed commits suicide by shooting himself in the back with a concealed weapon... Autopsy come back and now cops say he committed suicide by shooting himself in the chest with hands handcuffed behind him
British Embassy forced to apologise for tweet celebrating anniversary of burning of White House
'World's woolliest' sheep, Shaun, found in Australia after six years on the run from shearers
Philadelphia Newspaper Calls Asians "Chinky Winky" and "Dinky Doo"
Cow Dead After Attack on Cass County Sheriff's Deputy
Accepting 243-pound pot shipment from undercover cop leads to lawyer's disbarment
Israelis on Facebook wish death for Holocaust survivors against 'Protective Edge'
Crazy Guy Runs Into Outback Tornado To Take Selfie
Protests by Vendors Leads to Cancellation of $500 Million Motorola Deal with FBI
Teenager dies 'after taking ice bucket challenge'
PhillyMag makes a "proofreading error", cites names of Asians in Chinatown as "Chinky Winky" and "Dinky Doo". An internal investigation is already underway.
ISIS, The Metal Group, Is Being Confused For ISIS, The Terrorist Group Somehow
Restaurant asked to remove bacon sign cause it hurt their feelings
'Rubble Bucket Challenge' launched in Gaza
Snake bites Nicki Minaj backup dancer during 'Anaconda' VMA rehearsal
Woman Tackles Man Running From Police, Makes Fun Of Him For Being Taken Down By A Grandma
U.N. accuses Islamic State of mass killings
God Almighty gets struck by a DirectTV satellite
Shoplifter Tells Clerk To Call 911, Fails To Run Far Enough
Disney files patent applications to use drones in its theme parks
Ann Coulter: 'Give Ebola to Migrant Children'
Rapper Joe Budden tells cops via Twitter they can find him at strip club
Europe launches two navigation satellites into the wrong orbit
Journalists hospitalized after eating spicy burger
Hamden woman attacked by raccoon she accidentally let into house, mistook for cat
Florida man tries to shut down neighbor's lemonade stand
Austrian party rues disappearance of 400 garden gnomes
Night Ranger among bands to rock St. Cecilia Festival
ISIS (Band) Change Social Media Handles to Stop Being Confused with Isis (Terrorist Group)
British Embassy in Washington sparks fury after holding a party to 'commemorate' 200th anniversary of the burning of the White House
Top 10 Books Wrapped in Human Skin
Is this the most depressing Starbucks in America?
Police: Woman checks into hospital as deceased sister while wearing sister's memorial shirt
Insects Are Worse at Technology Than Your Grandparents
You Can Now Buy a Rick Perry Mugshot T-Shirt from Your Friends at RickPAC
Crazy Aussie Runs into Tornado To Take Selfie
Newest Trend for Teenagers in NJ: Setting Themselves On Fire
Study finds 9 percent of people have no close friends
A Quarter of Americans Think They or Their Families Will Get Ebola
George Zimmerman Arrested While Visiting Ferguson for aiming gun at teenagers
Burning Man Gates Closed Due to Rain
Man told girlfriend 'I've been kidnapped' to stay at house party
Defense Lawyer Worried Murder Suspect Caius Veiovis' Horns, 666 Tattoo, May Sway Jury
ISIS claims Sony cyber attack, makes bomb threat against senior exec John Smedley
NFL astroturfing convinces 10,000 fans to support TV blackouts
Engaged Pennsylvania couple accused of biting each other
Home owner discovers ancient underground city beneath his house in Anatolia
Top 10 Disgusting Sweets
The British embassy in Washington has apologised after tweeting a picture of a White House cake surrounded by sparklers, "commemorating" the burning of the building 200 years ago.
Gazans launch 'rubble bucket challenge'
British Embassy apologizes for tweet commemorating the burning of the White House (but not for the actual burning of the White House)
Beezow Doo-Doo Zopittybop-Bop-Bop Arrested AGAIN On More Drug Charges
UFC Fighter Rory MacDonald unknowingly had a random person picking his walkout music
You've Got To Bee Kidding Me: 50,000 Bees Found Living In Queens Woman's Ceiling
Doll-beheading photos surface in tribute to Islamic State
Family of two Amish girls who were kidnapped and sexually abused set to build garage for couple who saved the sisters
Amish to build garage for pair who returned girls
Jessamine Co. inmate dies after ingesting drug-soaked underwear
Workers misspell 'bus' during Bristol roadworks
Florida City Fires Their Entire Police Force Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/florida-city-fires-entire-police-force/#CbW6EUPfvc4ZOjIq.99
Social Media Tributes Mistakenly Flow for David Attenborough
Flight makes emergency landing because woman wouldn't stop singing Whitney Houston song I Will Always Love You.
Miley Cyrus says she's 'retired' from twerking, can't compete with Nicki Minaj's 'anaconda' at MTV VMAs
'You're already dead': French pensioner told to prove he is still alive.
United States: Boy held for 'killing pet dinosaur'
Mississippi man beaten after he's warned restaurant wasn't safe for whites, witness says
People With Down Syndrome Are Pioneers In Alzheimer's Research
Diego Simeone suspended for eight games after patting the referee's head
Arkansas police chief resigns after calling reporter 'smelly'
Three quarters of whites don't have any non-white friends
Boris Johnson calls for "Guilty until proven innocent" for suspected terrorists.
Scottish Teen Dies in 'Ice Bucket Challenge' Tragedy
Cops called after fliers fight over seat recline
Ohio man arrested for alleged rape, tells cops he is surprised more women haven't come forward
EGYPTIAN FEMINIST POOPS, MENSTRUATES ON ISLAMIC STATE FLAG
Five-year prison sentence for man who illegally performed asbestos work at Hackettstown, Union Township schools
In Japan, famous pornqueens are going to allow fans to squeeze their boobs for charity.
Is FEMA Color Coding Your House & Your Mailbox For Death Camp? Not The Newspaper Boy!
Topless day in Vancouver draws some protesters, many more spectators
7-11 Store Clerk Shot Fleeing Beer Shoplifter In the Head
Interpol investigates 'baby factory' as man fathers 16 surrogate children
Fugitive Arrested After Posting ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Video
Kardashians Text During MTV's Moment of Silence for Michael Brown
Watch as Shark Week slowly drives this shark scientist insane
Manchester United fans forced to wait for Angel Di Maria shirts after club shop runs out of letter 'R'
Decades-Old Fetus Caused Woman's Side Pain
The NHL wasn't happy with Krusty the Clown vomiting into the Stanley Cup
George Zimmerman Arrested While Visiting Ferguson
Drivers Voice Frustrations At Being Mistaken For Uber
Top 10 Nursery Rhymes with Nasty Origins
Two Ferguson Cops Accused of Hitting, Hog-Tying Children
UK embassy apologises for 'burning White House' tweet
Study: Humans Are Happier When We Have Robot Overlords
China is busting pot farmers from space
Millennials won't stop taking selfies on top of tall buildings
UN expert condemns 'appalling' abuse of Tanzania albinos
Man Vandalizes Jeff Koons Retrospective With Own Blood, Because He's An Artist Too
California skaters turn quake-damaged roads into playland
Morrissey Is Making a Ramones Greatest Hits Album
Teen builds hidden compounds, lives inside Walmart for days
Massachusetts man fears his horns, '666' forehead tattoo will make a fair trial impossible
Ice Bucket Challenge Co-Creator Drowns During Diving Accident
Autopsy Report Shows Police Officer Lied About Suspect Committing Suicide by Shooting Self in Back While Handcuffed
The high priest of Alaska oysters
Sioux Falls Builds Sidewalk-Free School, Tries to Stop Kids From Walking
Cambodian rat meat: A growing export market
Syria 'will help US fight terrorism'
Canadian jihadi says Israeli Jews welcome in ISIS
'Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare' Gets Exclusive Mountain Dew & Doritos Gear
Buffalo Wild Wings invests in Rusty Taco
Garden gnome alert: 400 missing in Austria
Pilaro benched for being too good
Kid writes story about killing a dinosaur, gets arrested.
SeaWolves Team President To Get Prostate Exam While Singing 'Take Me Out to the Ball Game'
Patient dies after GP 'forgot' cancer
Woman starts massive fire to help bored firefighters
Legally blind Florida man suspects break-in, shoots nephew: 'I couldn't see anything'
Kimiko Date-Krumm barely avoids bee sting at U.S. Open
Burning Man postponed due to Rainstorms extinguishing burning man
Grandmother Tries To Understand Her Gay Daughter's Relations
Florida Man Files For Restraining Order Against Obama, Jesus Christ, and Tim Tebow
"Virtual rape" hard to track in online gaming, police say
Airdrie RCMP investigate theft of silly string in break and enter
Fox contributor: Michael Brown shouldn't be described as "unarmed" because he was so big
White rappers who actually sound white and embrace WHITE CULTURE!
Plane diverted as passengers fight over seat reclining
Olivia Wild Makes Statement By Pouring 'Breast Milk' On Head
Sex offender sues county for being sexually abused
Student suspended for saying 'bless you' after a sneeze
Scottish referendum: Yes vote to independence could leave Australia without head of state, expert says
Man Arrested After Posting ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Video Online
So I guess the Jeezy AMA is off
US Metal Band ISIS Mistaken For Terrorist Group ISIS
Taxpayers Will Dish Out $350,000 for the House to Sue Obama
Georgia Restores Gun Rights To Ex-Cop Who Wanted to anally penetrate woman with the gun & then raped her
replica panerai radiomir Are generally escasez pour materiales decades merecido lujo
A shaman and a rapper are bringing Ibogaine to treat Afghanistan.
Captured Russian troops 'in Ukraine by accident'
Foley killer featured in Republican campaign ad
Caius Veiovis' 'unique appearance', including '666' forehead tattoo, great concern for defense in Berkshire triple murder trial
Providing homes to the homeless is proving effective
Britain apologizes for tweet marking 200 years since White House burned
Bart Simpson Appears Before U.K. Judge Named Mr. Burns
Bart Simpson on trial in front of a judge... called MR BURNS
Police Find Wanted Man After He Posts Ice Bucket Challenge Video
Women need protection from undercover officers
Vermont Diner's Bacon Sign Taken Down For Offending Muslims
Police called on video game developer over 'Global Thermonuclear War' plans
Police advise resident against overnight frozen chicken sales
Flight From Newark Diverted, Cops Called Over Reclining Seat Fight
'Orange is the New Black' fight sparks new House Wikipedia ban
The $10 "Meat Mountain" from Arby's: It's exactly what it sounds like.
12-year old girl wins new Volvo XC60 with hole-in-one Read more: http://paultan.org/2014/08/25/12-year-old-golfer-girl-wins-volvo/#ixzz3BVTRpVML
Whole Foods evacuation blamed on accordion
United flight diverted after passengers fight over legroom
Israel and Hamas appear to have run out of ideas, but not bombs
One man critically injured in ICU in Spain after a firefighting water bomber plane discharged 1,500 liters of water on him trying to do a ultimate ALS water bucket challenge
12-year old girl wins new Volvo XC60 with hole-in-one
Young people of color mistrust police and legal system, report finds
Snakes Revenge As Severed Head Bites And Kills Chef
One man is critically injured after a firefighting water bomber dropped 1,500 liters onto him as part of a failed Ice Bucket Challenge
Woman Bit By Raccoon After Mistaking It For Her Cat.
Franklin County jail guard accused of spraying mace on a pizza
Bear Heads Stolen From Remote Maine Cabin
Mizzou Fraternity Accused Of Title IX Violations For Dancing Teletubby
Moose Trapped for Hours by Office Cafeteria in Dresden, Germany
Teenager dies after ice bucket challenge
Samsung takes the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge; Nominates iPhone 5S, HTC's One M8, and the Lumia 930
Rubble Bucket Challenge aims to raise awareness about Gaza
Panda fakes pregnancy to improve quality of life
ISIS Condominiums in Florida Forced to Change Name
South Portland teens sentenced for putting kitten in microwave
Police: Naked man damaged cars, kicked officer at hemp festival
Women sues reality tv show "dating naked" for being shown naked
Swiss satisfied by first sex drive-in
AN IRAQI PAINTER MOVED TO AMERICA FOR A BETTER LIFE AND GOT ROBBED ANYWAY
Top 10 Things You Should Not Share on Facebook
36-year-old skeleton of dead baby found inside Indian woman
CBS Slapped With Lawsuit Over Farting Hippo From 'NCIS'
Watch Joe Biden Flirt With A 108-Year-Old Veteran
Inmate Dies From Eating Fellow Prisoner's Heroin-Soaked Underwear
Toronto mayoral candidate Sarah Thomson proposes martial arts training and free viagra if elected mayor
ESPN reports on who has showered with Michael Sam
Raccoon Bites 88-Year-Old Woman Who Mistook It for Cat: Police
Flight Diverted After Passengers Feud Over Reclining Seat
Floyd Mayweather did not deserve 50 Cent calling him out for not being able to read
Man claims wife asked for divorce because he didn't like Frozen
Naked Campers Told To Put Clothes On
Heated Fight Over 'Legroom Gadget' Forces United Flight to Land
CBS Sued Over NCIS Farting Hippo Puppet
Israel-Gaza ceasefire: Celebratory gunfire breaks out in Gaza
Catholic couple fined $13,000 for refusing to host same-sex 'wedding' at their farm
Wearing bikinis impedes India's superpower ambitions, says Indian politician
Oregon Animals Now Have Some Basic Rights Formerly Reserved for Humans - Crimes against animals can't be lumped all together-each animal victim has to be recognized individually
Denver flight diverted after fight breaks out over "Knee Defender"
Boston Red Sox are fighting a trademark against a local hockey team because their name has "Socks" in it
Parisian kicked off flight because he smelled.
Ohio lawmakers want to limit the teaching of the scientific process
The British Embassy apologized for tweeting about burning down the White House
Police: Gun Instructor Killed After Shooting By Girl
Coroner: Black Man Shot Himself in Chest With Hands Cuffed Behind Back
Did The Illuminati Control Last Night's VMAs? After Careful Examination, We've Determined... Yes!
Flight Diverted After Passengers Feud Over 'Knee Defender' Blocking Reclining Seat
Iranian Ayatollah: 3G internet is immoral and inhumane
Restaurant Removes Bacon Sign, Destroys Civilization
Fight Over Reclining Seat Causes Newark-Denver United Flight To Be Diverted
'I'm the guy that loves you': Joe Biden flirts with 108-year-old war veteran
ESPN Reporting how often Michael Sam showers with teammates
Vancouver filmmaker closer to funding "Camp Death III" after 24-hour coconut walk
Palestinians start Rubble Bucket Challenge to raise awareness of war in Gaza
French president dissolves government amid dispute over economy
AZ gun instructor shot, dies after girl, 9, loses control of Uzi
West Palm Beach condo's name gets tainted by ISIS extremists
Former Bond Villain Builds Personal Submarines For International Billionaires Like Richard Branson
Tulsa's Army National Guard Base Accidentally Covered In Foam
Obesity Action Coalition calls for ban on fat-shaming apps such as Fatbooth and Fatify.
Man fakes kidnapping so he can party until late without his girlfriend
Republicans launch platform game to aid election push
9-year-old accidentally shoots shooting instructor
Ice Cream run prompts missing man report
Fight for leg room diverts flight
American Douglas McAuthur McCain Killed Fighting for ISIS in Syria
Missing: President Obama Statue
Want a happy worker? Let robots take control.
Death by underpants? Inmate dies after eating fellow prisoner's underwear
Obesity Action Coalition Calls for Ban on Fat-Shaming Apps
College student impaled in the neck by a golf club which broke after striking a football.
Toronto mayoral candidate vows free Viagra for low income senior citizens
Two Men Detained By Police For Saying 'Nickelback.' Yes, Really
Belgian man in hospital after he asked his pilot friend to drop 400 gallons of water on him from a fire-fighting plane for his "Ice Bucket Challenge"
Gramercy Spa Worker Busted for Prostitution, Authorities Say
Officials: Girl Accidentally Kills Gun Instructor While Learning to Shoot an Uzi.
Two Men Detained by Police for Saying "Nickelback"
Family Angry After It Says Airline Lost Aging Mother
Girl, 9, accidentally kills gun instructor with Uzi
Officials: 9 Year Old Girl Accidentally Kills Gun Instructor While Learning to Shoot an Uzi.
Miley Cyrus has homeless man accept Video of the Year award for her
Ariana Grande: I Do Not Always Order a Grande at Starbucks
ISIS terror group could be the last straw for struggling mobile payments firm Isis
Drunk Boozy Brunch Patrons Caught On Camera
Why it's legal to walk naked in Topeka
Teen Dies After Ice Bucket Challenge
Will the next war with Canada be a fight over water?
PR firm that represented the likes of Pinochet, Asad, and Rolf Harris complains about satirical article that suggested that it had won the account to represent the Islamic State.
Air rage over knee defender causes US flight to divert
Citizens in Gaza start 'rubble bucket challenge' in hopes to bring awareness to their poor living conditions.
Can art help to bring peace to Sudan?
From Texas, where everything is bigger, the 99-pack of beer
Girl, 9, kills Arizona shooting instructor with Uzi in accident
Donald Glover will finally play Spider-Man on TV
Yankees undefeated with relief pitcher wearing horse's head
Shooting instructor dies after girl accidentally shoots him in the head with an Uzi
Wayne County Kindergartner Walks Away From School
Obama To Cut Costs By Packing Lunch Every Day For U.S. Populace
9-year-old accidentally shoots, kills gun instructor with Uzi
Samsung Low-Profile Heir Poised to Succeed Father Seen as 'God'
Shooting instructor dies after 9 year old girl accidentally shoots him in the head with an Uzi
Miley Cyrus' MTV awards date wanted on probation violation
Ghanaians Could Be Eating Dolphins as Smoked Fish
Shooting instructor shot dead by 9-year-old girl
Comcast tells government that its data caps aren't actually "data caps"
Drought-Stricken Texas Town Turns To Toilets For Water
400 gnomes disappeared in Austria, and it's causing a political scandal.
Due to struggling US sales, Uniqlo may be changing their sizing to accommodate larger body types (x-post /r/mfa)
U.S. shooting instructor dies after showing girl, 9, how to use Uzi Read more: http://www.ctvnews.ca/world/u-s-shooting-instructor-dies-after-showing-girl-9-how-to-use-uzi-1.1977476#ixzz3BYLxaEzr
U.S. shooting instructor dies after showing girl, 9, how to use Uzi
Medical pilot blamed for crash in line for settlement
The Big Picture: a 3D-printed castle
Due to struggling US sales, Uniqlo may be changing their sizing to accommodate larger body types
Cobra's Severed Head Awakes From The Dead to Kill Chinese Chef
Pageant mom fed her teenager daughter TAPEWORMS so she could lose weight
In an effort to avoid unintentionally strengthening the Syrian government, the White House could seek to balance strikes against the Islamic State with attacks on Assad regime targets.
White House cybersecurity czar brags about his lack of technical expertise
Top 10 Bizarre Legal Defenses
Tapeworm Diet Terror: Pageant Mom Tricks Teenage Daughter Into Swallowing Parasites
Child firing Uzi at Arizona shooting range accidentally kills instructor, police say
Top IRS ethics lawyer facing possible disbarment, accused of lying
Neighbors defend man accused of stealing from fatal fire scene
Cat terrorizes Texas neighbourhood
2 Palestinians Dead, at Least 25 Wounded in Gaza From Random Celebration Shooting
The First All-Female Sports Show Is Called 'We Need to Talk'
Defense Lawyer Worried Murder Suspect's Horns, 666 Tattoo, May Sway Jury
Testicle-Eating Pacu Fish Found in Michigan Lake
Adelaide Crows star Daniel Talia caught speeding because his cat was vomiting in the back seat, court told
Death by underpants: Man OD's on underwear
Flight diverted over legroom protector
Grandmother Tackles Man Fleeing Police, Then Taunts Him
Flight Diverted When Passengers Feud Over Reclining Seat
U.S. and Iran Hit ISIS, Ignore Each Other
Cheating Women Are Looking For Sex, Not Divorce, Study Says.
Firing range instructor dies after 9-year-old girl shoots him with Uzi
Officials: Girl accidentally kills gun instructor
QB: Saban's daughter was 1st kiss
Rumor: Warner Bros. Imposes "No Jokes" Rule On DC Comics Movies
Science Confirms: Politics Wrecks Your Ability to Do Math | Mother Jones
Source: 49ers hope C Marcus Martin has dislocated kneecap
Mom alleges students read erotic literature with school iPads
Pilot forced to punch 82-year-old after hacker tries to take over aircraft
Coming soon? Standing instead of sitting on planes
North Korea calls US 'human rights graveyard' over Ferguson
Japanese Porn Stars Are Ditching Ice Water In Favor Of Tit Squeezing For Charity
Taxidermist Likes to Eat Parts of the Animals She Stuffs for a Living
'Sperminator' with 99 kids shares his secrets
9-year-old accidentally kills range instructor with Uzi
Legroom fight diverts flight
Striping resemblance: Zara tee looks like Holocaust garb
Cosmic Query: What Color Is Marty McFly's Vest?
Jury's out on design for Ottawa's multi-million dollar 'victims of communism' monument
Suicidal Tendencies Bassist Tim 'Rawbiz' Williams Dies
Shooting Range Instructor Fatally Shot by 9-Year-Old Girl Learning to Use Uzi in Arizona
Ryanair launches business class flights
Japanese porn stars to have boobs squeezed for AIDS research
9-Year-Old Girl Accidently Shoots, Kills Gun Instructor With Uzi
Arizona gun instructor accidentally shot and killed by nine-year-old girl with Uzi
Gnome Disappearance in Austria Causes Political Scandal
ALS Ice Bucket Challenge demand left Isle of Colonsay without water
Report: Panda 'may have faked pregnancy' for more buns, bamboo
Arizona gun range instructor accidentally shot dead showing girl, 9, how to fire Uzi: police
Clothing Retailer Zara Removes Child's 'Holocaust Pyjamas' from Sale Following Complaints
Beverly Hills police express regret for holding black producer before Emmys
100+ pounds of meat, cheese stolen from Abilene pizza joint
Two Dead at Chess Olympiad in Norway
ESPN apologizes for reporting on Michael Sam's shower habits
9-year-old girl accidentally kills gun instructor with Uzi
Italian politician asks Pope for exorcism after Congolese MP 'puts spell on him'
Girl accidentally kills gun instructor with Uzi
US girl, nine, kills gun instructor
CBS Is Being Sued Over a Farting Hippo
Philly cop files brutality suit against police department
Handcuffed Black Youth Shot Himself to Death, Says Coroner
If Britain were a U.S. state, it would be the second-poorest, behind Alabama and before Mississippi
Zara sorry over 'Holocaust T-shirt'
Indian woman kills leopard that attacked her
Producer in Beverly Hills for Emmy Pre-Party Mistaken for Bank Robber, Held 6 Hours
Zara's 'Holocaust uniform' and other clothing errors
ALS ice bucket challenge 'leaves island without water'
Police Shootout Leaves Robbery Suspect Dead, COPS Crew Member Wounded
Zara Apologizes For Selling Concentration Camp Shirt
Ice Bucket Challenge joker ends up in hospital after friend uses firefighter plane to dump 400 gallons of water on him in Spain
Confessions of a Frat Boy Turned Feminist
North Korea calls US a 'Human Rights Graveyard' over Ferguson.
'Dating Naked' Contestant Sues Network for Airing Her Nudity
Grand Theft Auto game maker wants judge to fine Lohan
Russia says it invaded Ukraine by accident.
Colorado's Pot Brownies Now Come With Instructions
How a Bite from This Tick is Turning Some People into Vegetarians
Miley Cyrus' Homeless VMA Friend Has a Warrant Out for His Arrest
Obama to run for office in Brazil... with bin Laden!
Two men take off pants, fight over dog piss
Southwest Airlines apologizes after losing elderly woman
Strange sleep disorder makes people appear 'totally drunk'
Arizona Shooting Range Instructor Killed by Girl With Uzi - NBC News
Zara removes striped pyjamas with yellow star following online outrage
CBS sued for outsourcing its farting hippo puppets
North Korea says US should appear in human rights court
Doctor Who lesbian kiss sparks Ofcom complaints over 'weird lesbian-lizard perv trip'
Police: SUV that crashed had IEDs, guns, pot, chickens
Fashion Retailer Zara Pulls Kids Shirt Resembling Concentration Camp Uniform
Manny Pacquiao Drafted by the Basketball Team He Coaches
Giant wasps' nest invades spare bedroom
Giant panda 'faked pregnancy for extra treats and nicer accommodation'
West Midlands Ambulance Service called 661 times to one Birmingham home
Teen Charged In Rubber Penis Waving Incident
Man in hospital after 1,500 litres dropped on him by plane for Ice Bucket Challenge
Refugees protest against 'monotonous' Italian food
Police Officers shoot and kill Cops TV Show crew member during filming of robbery.
Wasps Build Giant Nest In Woman's Spare Bed
Veterans groups say Ottawa spending too much remembering old wars
Officials: 'Cops' crewman killed by police in Wendy's shooting
The Northeastern Institute of Cannabis Is Helping Students Get Into the Marijuana Industry
Raccoons, Skunks For Sale End With Arrests
Zara Apologizes For Pajamas That Look Just Like A Concentration Camp Uniform
Top 10 Smartest Dogs in the World
Canada to Russia: 'We will defend our sovereignty in the Arctic'
Irish man caught having sex with mattress in nursing home car park
Halesowen faggot shop to close after no buyers interested
Human skull donated to goodwill.
Homer Simpson Takes The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
American Douglas McCain killed fighting alongside ISIS
Fashion Retailer Zara Pulls Kids Shirt Resembling Concentration Camp Uniform: Spanish retailer discontinues sale of striped shirt with yellow star after it causes social media uproar.
'Crown Prince Emperor' found guilty of DUI
McConnell Promises Billionaire Donors He Won't Waste Time On 'Gosh Darn' Minimum Wage Increases
Chef Dies After Being Bitten By A Decapitated Snake
An All-Nutella Restaurant Will Open in Park Slope
Indian Cook Throws Dough 20ft
Kevin Sorbo: Atheists are angry because they secretly know God exists and is judging them
Actor Kevin Sorbo Not Too Fond of Atheists; Says They're Always 'So Angry'
Zara Is Sorry for Making a Shirt That Looked Like a Nazi Concentration Camp Uniform
Online Retailer Will Fine You $250 If You Even Threaten To Complain About Purchase
Bart Simpson Kills Homer in the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
Winchester woman finds 3ft wasp nest on bed
North Korea: Ferguson was a 'disgrace' and the United States are now 'laughingstock of the world'
Man in tux shoots at couple who spot him having sex in Seattle alley
Man had altercation with police officer, steals his cruiser, escapes pursuit, steals the shotgun and abandons the car 60 miles away.
Federal Cybersecurity Director Found Guilty on Child Porn Charges
Virginian teen gets 6 life sentences plus 118 Years for stealing 60 dollars and 3 joints
Chinese Panda Al Hin Pretended To Be Pregnant So Zookeepers Would Give Her More Food
Connecticut woman attacked by raccoon she accidentally let into house, mistook for cat
Cyborg implants antenna in skull
Zara discontinues striped pyjamas with Star of David, apologizes for conjuring Holocaust memories
Zara Pulls Kids' Shirt Resembling Concentration Camp Uniform, Apologizes
Is The 'Zara' Clothing Line Working Anti-Semitism Into Their Products?
Man has altercation with officer, steals his police cruiser, escapes pursuit, drives 60 miles away, steals the shotgun, and abandons the car.
Panda May Have Faked Pregnancy for More Bamboo
You can't give a 9-year-old an Uzi and expect her to control it
Woman finds giant wasp nest on her bed
IF YOU WERE BLIND WOULD YOU BE ABLE TO READ THIS?
'Cops' Crew Member Killed by Officers While Show Films Armed Robbery
Ice bucket challenge: Belgian man taken to hospital after 400 gallons of water dropped on his head by plane
Don't Want Me to Recline My Airline Seat? You Can Pay Me
Man injured after pilot drops 400 gallons of water from plane in Ice Bucket Challenge
Man With 100-Pound Scrotum Inspired By Another Scrotum To Get Mass Removed
Cops Kill 'Cops' Crew Member by Accident
Why Lego is the new 'Uncut Diamond': Bricks are easy picking for thieves because they are untraceable and in high demand
Police seek person who donated human skull to Goodwill
Physicists To Test If The Universe Is A Hologram
Wrong campus featured on WSU student planner
Surprise! Hello Kitty Is Not a Cat
Police fired shot that killed 'Cops' crewmember
Diehard Seahawks fan gets team logo on prosthetic eye
Town where entire population is made up of beautiful young women makes appeal for single men
Cybersecurity official uses Tor but still gets caught with child porn
Woman killed, 50 injured by celebratory gunfire Many have been hospitalised for burns from fireworks in the West Bank
Famous giant panda fakes pregnancy, gets nice things
Swedish artist sentenced for 'racist' art
Maryland Judge Robert Nalley ordered officer to shock defendant in court
Adult Neighbor Tries to Shut Down 12-Year-Old's Lemonade Stand
Something to think about regarding Ferguson
Michael Brown's mom laid flowers where he was shot-and police crushed them
6 Challenges You'll Face as a Solo Gay Backpacker
Hello Kitty is not a cat
COPS crew member killed after police fire 30 rounds at man with pellet gun.
There's Going to Be a Reality Show About Having Sex in a Box... Called Sex Box
Hello Kitty is not a cat, plus more reveals before her L.A. tour
Cops crew member killed by police fire
Japanese Porn Star Allows Boobs to be Squeezed for Charity
4-year-old expelled from pre-school for mom's Facebook post
Court overturns convictions in Amish hair attacks
Multimillionaire CEO Caught On Tape Kicking Puppy
Professors Now Say SLAVERY Forced Colleague To Batter Teen, Destroy Her Anti-Abortion Poster
911 dispatcher tells mom police can't help baby locked in hot car
Sanrio Reveals That Hello Kitty Is Not Actually A Cat
Sanrio's Shocking Reveal: Hello Kitty Is NOT A Cat
College students invent nail polish that helps women detect date rape drugs, feminists attack them for promoting rape culture
The Government Wants to Buy 12 Acres of Marijuana-For Research
Counting Crows Frontman Adam Duritz Explains Why No One Can Find Him On Tinder
Brother And Sister Suspected Of Having Sex In Tractor Trailer
Zara pulls plug on 'Holocaust shirt' for kids
Drug czar approaches challenge from a different angle: As a recovering alcoholic
Italy's Deputy Senate Speaker who compared country's first black minister to an 'orang-utan' claims he is 'cursed' by African spirits after spell of bad luck
Josh Shaw, USC football player, lied about ankle injury. He claimed to have jumped out of a two story building to save his nephew.
Feminists Say Roofie-Detecting Nail Polish Is Actually Also Rape Culture
Oral sex is not a sin when done thinking about Jesus
Flint fire chief helps bust suspected serial arsonist -- only 11 years old
Child firing Uzi at Ariz. shooting range accidentally kills instructor, police say
A woman's prized life-size Obama statue was stolen-and she was so distressed she went to a hospital
"Cops" Camera Man Killed by Cops
Now Burger King is Renouncing Its US Citizenship - Let's Eat Somewhere Else
Zara offers striped Star of David shirt
Marlon Wayans accused of racial discrimination over Family Guy reference
Breaking news: Hello Kitty is not a cat
9-Year-Old Girl Accidentally Kills Shooting Range Instructor
COPS Crewmember Dies After Being Shot By Police During Robbery
Cameo Crispi On Trial For Allegedly Setting Fire To Ex's Home With Bacon
Alerting all single males: This town is entirely made up of 'extremely attractive' women - and they're appealing for men
Anderson teen dies after mistaking poison for cocaine.
Gay Bar manager injured in attack by surprised straight drinkers
The Hamptons Are Almost Out of Rosé
Ferguson police crushed Michael Brown memorial and let a dog piss on it
Zara stops selling shirt resembling Holocaust uniform
Omaha Police Shoot And Kill 'Cops' Crew Member During Robbery
PinkZones: Roads that only women can drive on
Gamer's video shows SWAT bursting into office while Littleton Police investigate report of shooting
Laser pointer strikes menace pilots
Tsarnaev sister arrested in alleged bomb threat
Tsarnaev sister arrested on suspicion of making a bomb threat
SWAT team responds to umbrella sighting at university; Cal State goes into lockdown
In wake of Arizona Uzi killing, NRA tweets about 7 ways for kids to have fun with guns
Hello Kitty is not a cat. Everything is a lie.
Daddy Yankee: "Classical music is bad because Hitler liked it"
Indiana University Will Devote $1 Million to the Study of Internet Memes
ESPN Apologizes After Report on Gay NFL Player Michael Sam's Locker Room Showering Habits
Police: Women smuggled stolen watches in vaginas
Texas parents sue day care center for duct taping child to nap mat
Lifetime Promises To Bring Out The 'Strong Black Woman' In White Women
Hello Kitty Revealed Not To Be A Cat and Apparently Nothing Is True Anymore
Sister of accused Boston Marathon bombers arrested after bomb threat
Federal judge strikes down part of Utah's ban on polygamy
Trial ordered for Cameo Crispi, accused of using bacon to start arson fire
Weekly Innovation: A Sad Desk Microwave For Your Sad Desk Lunch
OJ Simpson to convert to Islam
Killer robots must be outlawed, says top UN official.
Miley Cyrus 'homeless' VMAs date is a wanted man
Tourist nearly drowns during geese attack in China's Guizhou province
In Response To Hello Kitty Not Being A Cat, Peanuts Confirms Snoopy Is A Dog
Oprah's network sends Iyanla Vanzant, spiritual life coach, to 'heal' Ferguson
UFC Fighter Luke Rockhold -- I'm Sorry For Cupping Tiger Testicles
Bus Driver takes hit of synthetic marijuana, passes out, crashes bus. Video.
Top 10 Surprising Gay Celebrities Who We Wish Were Straight
UFC's Luke Rockhold Sorry for Grabbing Tiger's Balls
Developer forced to scrap "Isis Downtown"
So my friend's cousin got stabbed the other day with a samurai sword
Schrödinger's cat caught on quantum film
Hello Kitty Is Not A Cat Because Nothing Makes Sense Anymore
Facekini: The Most Terrifying Trend in Swimwear
Opium: The must-have item for North Korean prostitutes
oroner says man fatally shot himself in the chest while handcuffed behind his back
Brother and sister accused of incest in Effingham
Robots could murder us out of kindness, says futurist
Taco Bell Forced Workers To Give Out Bogus Money: Suit
Zara Pulls Kids' T-Shirt That Looks Like a Nazi Camp Uniform
Zara pulls pajama that looks like concentration camp uniform
Pandering to the crowd: panda accused of faking pregnancy in bun fraud case.
Italian Senator Calderoli Tormented by Tribal 'Witchcraft' after Orangutan Slur against Black Politician
California State Senator Arrested For Drunk Driving Hours After Voting For Anti-Uber Bill
Panda Fakes Pregnancy To Get More Food
Tragedy at 'Cops': Crew member killed by police while filming shootout
The Great British Bake Off rocked by Baked Alaska 'sabotage' scandal
Japanese 24yo who fathered 15 children via surrogacy will likely take them from Thailand
Ward Elementary school counselor invents bouncy product to promote learning
Triathlete mistaken for illegal immigrant at English Channel swim
Panda fakes pregnancy to receive more buns
Black Women Make Over White Women To Be More Like Black Women In A New Reality Show
Hello Kitty is not a cat after all
The man who plays French horn with his toes
'Doctor Who' Lesbian/Lizard Kiss Scene Sparks Ofcom Complaints
4 Black Women will Transform a "White Sister" Weekly on New Lifetime Series 'Girlfriend Intervention'
The US Government Will No Longer Trick People Into Deporting Themselves
Woman with last name Crispi accused of 'bacon arson'
Navy's New 'NJP 365' Program Targets Random Sailors Before They Commit A Crime
US 'soccer moms' sue Fifa over dangerous headers
9-year-old kills firearms instructor while learning to fire Uzi at Bullets and Burgers shooting range
Hello Kitty is not a cat - she's a British school kid
Panda may have faked pregnancy for more food
Belgian uses spray plane to complete Ice Bucket Challenge
UFC middleweight Luke Rockhold receives backlash after he posts pic of himself grabbing a tiger's testicles
DNA test on cow to settle ownership right
Manchester United fan wins £1,250 after accidentally putting £2.50 bet on MK Dons to win 4-0
Cambridge University Selwyn master keeps 'banned' dog as 'very large cat'
Tree loses out in battle between Aldi and Ecology
Man Finds Tooth Growing Inside His Nose
Men Claim Mailman Won't Deliver Because They're Gay
Local UPS store's abrupt closure shocks customer
'Hello Kitty' Creator Insists Her Cartoon Is NOT A Cat
Germany sends six soldiers to Iraq
City plays Schindler's List theme at Nazi rally.
Cops TV crew member and suspect killed by Omaha police during gunfight
For Master Thieves, Legos Are the New Uncut Diamonds
Scented Duct Tape For Half-Assed Repairs That At Least Smell Good
'Sorceresses' burn a man alive, dance around him in Madhya Pradesh
Brazilian town populated entirely by gorgeous women makes desperate plea for men
Boston bombers' sister Ailina Tsarnaeva arrested on bomb threat suspicion
Moscow: The only man to go on protest against Ukranian invasion gets arrested
Town populated entirely by gorgeous women makes desperate plea for men
Family angry after airline 'loses' elderly mother
Funeral Horse Pulling Hearse Dies Mid-Procession in East London [x-post from /r/london]
New bridge may be torn up because steel was manufactured in Canada
Human Skull Donated to Goodwill Store in Texas
Cops crew member killed
Scottish teenager dies after attempting elaborate Ice Bucket Challenge stunt
Police: Methadone Laced Underwear Led to Death
Hello Kitty not a cat, company says
'Cops' cameraman accidentally killed in Omaha police shooting.
CEO caught on camera kicking a puppy
Police let their dog urinate on Michael Brown memorial, then drove over it.
Backlash against nail polish to detect 'rape drug'
5,000 wasps found in St Cross bedroom
Giant panda fakes pregnancy 'to receive nicer food and round-the-clock care'
Giant panda fakes pregnancy to get more food, ruins television special
Nervous student causes manhunt in Copenhagen
A Group of Runners Beat a Green Line Train During a Race Along the Tracks
Hamptons Reportedly Running Out Of Rosé
103-Year-Old Sprinter Challenges Usain Bolt
Zara Yanks Baby Shirt After Online Uproar Over Holocaust Likeness
Creators of New Fed-Proof Bitcoin Marketplace Swear It's Not for Drugs
Tinder Bans 'Fat Chicks' From Dating App
Vermont bistro scolded for removing its bacon sign
Republicans made a video game. It stars an elephant named Giopi.
The Flint, Michigan, City Council is contemplating embracing a new way to save the town: Scientology.
Two Women Survive Being Run Over By Train
Feds warn first responders of dangerous hacking tool: Google Search
Aberdeen shopping centre to offer ginger discount
British Embassy Celebrates Burning the White House 200 Years Ago, Apologizes
Lifetime Promises To Bring Out The 'Strong Black Woman' In White Women : Monkey See : NPR
Comcast claims that they abuse their monopoly for poor customers' benefit!
ZARA presents: A striped pyjama with a yellow star for your child
ANTI-ISRAEL BOAT BLOCKING PROTEST BRINGS MASSIVE EARTHQUAKE TO NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
Hello Kitty outed as a not a kitty. So what is she?
Mother's Facebook post gets son expelled from Preschool
Panda Faked Pregnancy for Extra Bamboo
Joan Rivers rushed to hospital after she stops breathing during operation....
Cat-astrophic revelation purr-turbs Hello Kitty fans
Mom's Facebook post gets 4-year-old expelled from preschool
Funeral Horse Pulling Hearse Dies Mid-Procession [x-post /r/london]
Report: 1,400 cases of sexual exploitation not investigated for fear of appearing racist
Mobile payment business Isis changes name over confusion with Iraq-based ISIS terror group
Sask. man argues he's a heavy pot user, beats drug trafficking charge
Meet 'Chibatman,' Japan's Real-Life Dark Knight
Mozzarella best cheese for pizza, according to scientific study
Brooklyn's Trendiest Dining Reservation May Be in a Dumpster
Brazilian Town Run by Women Is Looking for a Few Good (Single) Men
Philadelphia Earns Millions By Seizing Cash And Homes From People Never Charged With A Crime
Vogue Model Arrested for Stealing Chocolate Bars
U.S. Officials Won't Call Russia's Invasion Of Ukraine An "Invasion"
Americans foresee unending economic doom
'Sex Box,' a reality show where people have sex in a box on TV, is a real thing for 2015
Rose running dangerously low in the Hamptons
Military jets called for a drunken brawl on a plane
NRA's mind-blowing response to gun tragedy: "7 ways children can have fun at the shooting range"
The VA Shows Their Respect to Vets by Depicting Them as Sesame Street Character 'Oscar the Grouch'
Legos help solve 23-year-old Salt Lake County murder cold case
Cheaters' dating site Ashley Madison sues South Korea
This Story About a Wounded Veteran's Prosthetic Hand Is Too Crazy to Be True
Newsflash: Hello Kitty has never been a cat
Girl in grey Speedo swimsui
Georgia brother and sister arrested for having sex in church parking lot
Disney Has Patented Illegal "Gepetto Drone" Technology To Operate A Fleet Of Enormous Puppets
Woman Wears Hamburger as Sandal After Drunk Sex in Waffle House Parking Lot
Garner police: Man tried to steal copper from police construction site
Judge Calls Pennsylvania Bankruptcy Lawyer a "Sociopath"
Lousiana water tests positive for brain-eating amoeba
Russia's Biggest Bank Is Lending Cats
Job requirements are mostly fiction and you should ignore them
Female CEO Tries to Create Feminist Ad Campaign, Gets Slammed for Misogyny
Man Arrested After Threatening Woman With Knife After Cat Was Neutered
For all the cop haters out there... There's two sides to every story. Cameras are going to be a benefit for both citizens and police.
Martin Amis's holocaust 'comedy' fails to find German publisher
George Clooney Facing Backlash for Controversial Wedding Present to Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie
So Blink-182's Tom DeLonge saw a UFO this week
Texas Megachurch Preaches the Power of Drones
NFL Announces Severe New Penalties For Domestic Violence
Across the Ungrate Divide: 20 Signs of a Broken Film Culture
Court denies Apple's request to ban Samsung devices in the US
University of Missouri Will Tolerate Teletubby, 'Will Not Tolerate' Asking for Consent
Captives held by Islamic State were waterboarded
CEO Caught on Camera Kicking Puppy
Nation Debates Extremely Complex Issue of Children Firing Military Weapons
Woman finds 3ft wasp nest on bed
Kanye West reveals that father was paparazzi
Rob Ford threatened teacher, had students roll in goose dung: documents
Ukraine asks Twitter users to 'RT PLZ' that Russia has invaded
MEN WANTED to satisfy town full of yearning BRAZILIAN HOTNESS
Florida cops kill bystander, but charge suspect they were trying to shoot with her murder
President Obama Shames America by Wearing Wack-Ass Tan Suit
Angry over climate change talks, tea party group says: 'Tell a Prius driver how you feel'
St. John Parish drinking water tests positive for brain-eating amoeba
Trolls drive Anita Sarkeesian out of her house to prove misogyny doesn't exist
No One Heard Anything Obama Just Said Because His Tan Suit Was So Loud
Hello Kitty not a cat, has never been: company
Australian plane makes emergency landing after elderly passenger seizes controls
ZARA apologizes, says yellow star shirts will be 'exterminated'
Man 'fakes kidnap' to avoid going home to girlfriend
US: Christian group begins 'fasting' to stop same-sex marriage, but members can still eat food
Christian group 'fasting' to protest against same-sex marriage - but they're still allowed to eat
Christian Group Begins All-You-Can-Eat 'Fast' to Protest Gay Marriage
Great British Bakeoff 'sabotage row'
Rob Ford could actually win reelection
Obama Held An Important Press Conference And All People Cared About Was His Tan Suit
Man fights off coyote in living room with vacuum
Lawyer in a Murder Trial Fears that his Clients Horns, and 666 Tattoo May Sway Jurors Against him
Deputy who killed former Napster COO after drifting into the bike lane while distracted by his laptop will NOT face charges because he was answering a work-related email
No charges for LASD deputy who fatally struck cyclist while typing on computer
Nation distracted by president's tan suit
Donald Trump Proves His Hair is Real with Ice Bucket Challenge
Ferrari Sent Deadmau5 A Cease And Desist About His 'Purrari'
Residents Of Noiva Do Cordeiro, Almost All-Woman Town, Seek Bachelors
Goodwill receives a donated skull, police searching for donor
Nordstrom pays $10 for Ridgedale land valued at $7M
23-year-old murder case solved with help of LEGO bricks
Florida man caught killing, and eating, threatened tortoises
President Obama's tan suit draws ire from critics, Twitter
Canada Just Master Trolled The Russian Army On Twitter (Russia Fires Back)
Front Royal town council repeals decades-old law that banned 'magic arts'
Toronto Might Actually Reelect Rob Ford
Is nail polish that detects date-rape drugs actually a bad idea?
Teen charged after waving rubber penis at motorists
Danish student's exam jitters prompt police manhunt
'Geography Can Be Tough': Canada Trolls Russia For Ukraine Action
Tulsa's National Guard Base Accidentally Covered in Foam
Chemical Milkshake from Dairy Queen Sends Boy to Hospital
Another Flight Was Diverted Because Passengers Were Fighting Over Reclining Seats
Ashley Madison sues South Korea over allegations of illegal activity
Canada and Russia engage in Twitter fight
Captive Russian paratroopers say they didn't realize they were in Ukraine
Scot cashes in with fake 'ginger discount card'
Tai iwin 437 - Tai game iwin Online 437 android HD tại taiiwinp.com.
Swedish neo-Nazis get an earful of Schindler's List theme at rally
Hello Kitty fans tweet shock after hearing she's not a cat
NRA's reaction to 9-year-old girl's fatal Uzi shooting: Kids should 'have fun at shooting range'
Tiny Canadian town crowdfunding full-size USS Enterprise
Teens sprayed red paint on Civil War memorial and were soon arrested after caught 'red-handed'
Docs: Ford made players roll in goose droppings
Liam Neeson Starring in Another Action Movie That Totally Isn't Taken, Also Taken 3
Giant Panda Fakes Pregnancy to Get Treats.
The Australian Government Wants To Let Business Hire Foreign Workers On 10% Less Than Locals
Cannabis Could Cause Schizophrenia
Nicki Minaj's 'Anaconda' Sounds Pretty Much The Same With Fart Noises
Jimmy Carter to Headline Fundraiser for Hamas Front Group Read Latest Breaking News from Newsmax.com http://wwww.Newsmax.com/Newsfront/Jimmy-Carter-Fundraiser-Hamas/2014/08/28/id/591451/#ixzz3BkSkjnfv Urgent: Should Obamacare Be Repealed? Vote Here Now!
Jimmy Carter to Headline Fundraiser for Hamas Front Group
North Korea Calls U.S. 'Graveyard Of Human Rights' Over Ferguson
Russian officials say its servicemen in Ukraine are on "vacation"
Language arts teacher banned from school for writing fictional books
Recovering alcoholic nominated to be drug czar
Pay cut for foreign workers
Florida town signs up with test Walmart Private Security
Fort Hood shooter writes to ISIS leader, asks to become 'citizen' of Islamic State
Obama wears tan colored suit, nation freaks out
Calgary man fights off coyote in living room with vacuum
Univ. of Iowa Professor Calls for 'Protest' of Pink Locker Room
Woman Named Crispi Accused of Setting Fire With Burned Bacon
A 9-year-old can shoot an Uzi but can't do these 14 things
Beverly Hills Police Regret Arresting A Well-Connected Black Man With Good Social Media Skills
SMELLY FRENCH GUY KICKED OFF AA FLIGHT FOR BO
You can't deport me... I am gay: Thug's claim moments before being put on a planes stops him being kicked out
'SQUAIDS': Squirrel-Aids Hoax Riles New Jersey's Lacey Township
Brother and sister arrested for sex in church parking lot after watching The Notebook
Grand Theft Auto maker says Lindsay Lohan sued to get attention
NRA: Kids can 'have fun at the shooting range'
7 ways children can have fun at the shooting range
'Murdered' RTI activist and AAP member charged with murder
Mystery of 9-foot hot dog on edge of Alaska wilderness leaves trekkers perplexed
'Barack Obama' runs for office in Brazil
Moscow 'Evacuates' Factory from Ukraine to Chuvashia
Professor to protest pink locker rooms in robot suit
Russia Say West Doesn't Understand Its 'Close Relations' With Ukraine
Police Issue Apology for "Racial Profiling Saves Lives" Bumper Sticker, But Not Before Lying About It Police Issue Apology for "Racial Profiling Saves Lives" Bumper Sticker
There's an 'anti-selfie' bill in congress. [Philippines].
POLICE: WOMAN SETS EX-BOYFRIEND'S HOUSE ON FIRE WITH BACON
IceBucketChallenge: Why You're Not Really Helping, Slacktivism.
Roald Dahl's Revolting Rhymes pulled from Aldi shelves over use of word 'slut'
Fox News Host Says She Wants Putin To Be Our Leader To Get Things 'Done Right'
Defibrillator not used because of husband's hairy chest, widow says
Widow: Defibrillator not used because of husband's hairy chest
Lakers' Nick Young Is Afraid 'The Purge' Is Real
Brother and sister arrested after 'having sex three times near church after watching The Notebook'
Tongues Wag Over Obama's Audacity to Wear Taupe
Vapshot lets you literally inhale your alcohol
Forget drinking, Vapshot lets you literally inhale your booze
Lawyer is accused of persuading client to invest $120K in his cat litter box invention
Nation Shamed by Presidential Tan Suit
Twitter Nation distracted by president's tan suit
North Korea retracts cheerleader offer for South
Feral cat shuts down Glen Burnie elementary school
Kellogg's Special K recalled because glass is NOT part of a balanced breakfast
The British jihadists who bought 'Islam for Dummies'
Judge reprimands lawyer for dressing like 'something out of Harry Potter'
Republicans Court Female Voters By Carefully Explaining That Women Are Wrong
After Uzi death, gun ranges debate safest way to teach kids to shoot
Texas man pleads guilty for sinking Bugatti
Lawyer told off for 'dressing up like something out of Harry Potter'
Tripping seniors on purpose to stop future falls
The 2016 presidential contenders are all basically Miley Cyrus
The "selfie stick" is destroying the integrity of the handheld selfie.
Guizhou boy decides workers outside his apartment are too loud, cuts safety rope.
SPOILER - Taken 3: No one gets taken
Bank gives free cats to customers who take mortgages
How the Selfie Stick Is Killing the Selfie
Meth suspects threw toilet, sink at imagined attackers, officers say
Canadian man fights off coyote in living room with vacuum
NYPD Making It Harder For People To Climb City Bridges When Bored
MILF vows to stop spread of ISIS 'virus' in PH
Vegan cake shop owner insists neo-Nazi accusations are 'mistaken'
Why I left a job in finance to play video games
California legislature votes 'yes means yes'
OJ Simpson plans to convert to Islam
Northumberland fort find gets to the bottom of Roman history
Stripper Who Hung Up On Cop Trying To Find Her Missing Child Explained, "I Have To Get On Stage"
Japanese Porn Stars Are Ditching The Ice Water In Favor Of Tit Squeezing For Charity
Russia: Bank offers 'free cat with every mortgage'
Ardbeg 'space whisky' set for return to Earth
LAW & DISORDER / CIVILIZATION & DISCONTENTS Popular gamer's real-life SWAT raid livestreamed on Twitch
Popular gamer's real-life SWAT raid livestreamed on Twitch
Just Checked out Myspace for the first time in 5 years...
Jesus Montero has altercation with Mariners scout over ice cream sandwich
REFEREE IN CRITICAL CONDITION AFTER BEING HIT WITH STEVE SPURRIER'S HEADSET
Saudi Arabia Remains on U.N. Human Rights Council despite 19 Beheadings, including One for "Sorcery"
Canadian man survives three days in the wilderness on all-dressed chips and rain water.
Woman files Ontario racism complaint after country music festival
Cop shoots and kills reporter filming "Cops" show
CEO Caught Kicking Puppy Will Donate $100K
Woman Tries To Get Arrested By Sneaking Past Airport Security To Tell Her Whistleblower Trauma Story
Mrs. Crispi allegedly attempted to kill her husband with bacon.
Canadian man survives three days in wilderness on all-dressed chips and rain water.
White House Says Obama 'Stands Squarely Behind' Tan Suit
California passes 'yes-means-yes' campus sexual assault bill
Kanye West does not like to appear on "Keeping Up With The Kardashians" because he has issues with the cinematography
Snoop Dogg becomes a white guy named Todd
FXX Basically to Become The Simpsons Channel
MC Hammer Comes to Ferguson, Probably Fixes Everything
Scottish man saves hundreds using homemade "Ginger Discount Card"
Woman Discovers Her Cat Has Been Keeping a Second, Secret Human Family
Officials: 9-Year-Old N.J. Girl Accidentally Kills Ariz. Gun Instructor With Uzi
USDA seizes more than 1,200 illegal giant snails
Putin likens Ukraine troops to Nazi invaders.
'The audacity of taupe': Obama suit creates sartorial stir
Former High School Basketball Player Sues After Getting Cut From Team
Paramedics rescue flip-flop-wearing man from steep hillside
Norwegian brewery pulls 'fart-smelling' beer
Denny's Goes Upscale With $300 Champagne Brunch in NYC
Teacher tweets she wants to 'stab some kids'
A 'meatless butcher shop' is planned for Minneapolis
Nation Debates Extremely Complex Issue of Children Firing Military Weapons (The New Yorker)
Doctor Who 'lesbian-lizard' kiss will not face investigation
Cat lovers square off against bird enthusiasts at Metro Council
Russians Start Asking: Are We at War?
Warner Bros. sues New York bar for playing 80-year old song
Georgia Legalizes Handgun Vending Machines
Police try to distract youngsters from crime with face painting
Rep. Peter King Is Angry President Obama Wore A Tan Suit
Missouri 'friends' take selfie with the corpse of overdosed buddy (X post from r/morbidreality)
White House finally addresses Obama's tan suit controversy
Loose cat causes Anne Arundel elementary school to close early
Nintendo's Miyamoto views 'passive attitude' of casual gamers as 'pathetic'
Inmate dies after eating underwear; cellmate now facing murder charges
Kraft Recalls American Singles Cheese Slices
A Republican Congressman Is Actually Upset About Obama's Tan Suit
Dan Bilzerian Pledges $1,000,000 To ALS Under The Condition That Ellen DeGeneres Blows A Dude
Georgia brother and sister face incest charges after having sex outside of church
ALS Association Tries To Trademark Ice Bucket Challenge, Despite Having Nothing To Do With It Originally
McDonald's Faces Biggest Test in Russia Since End of Soviet Era
ESPN Thinks Women Need 'Relationship-Based Rankings' to Grasp Fantasy Football. Top athletes are labeled 'marriage material'
"Let Men Be Men": Fox News Hosts Defend Catcalling
Is Obama Too Drugged to Lead?
Rehabbing Mariners DH throws ice cream sandwich at team scout in bizarre confrontation
Inmate dies after eating underwear.
[Japanese] Gov't advises citizens to stockpile toilet paper
Eternally Outraged Congressman Not Trying to Be 'Trivial,' But Doesn't Think Obama's Tan Suit Was Appropriate
City council apologizes after sending woman a letter telling her she's dead
Mariners' Jesus Montero Throws Ice Cream Sandwich At Scout After Being Heckled
Jerry Jones proud of himself for resisting the urge to draft Johnny Manziel
TSA: "please verify that your used cane is not a sword before flying"
HIV+ Man Infects Boyfriend and Others--Then Brags About It
Dead fetus found in Dallas high school toilet
Gov't advises citizens to stockpile toilet paper
India cow row 'settled by DNA tests'
Fashion show sparks propaganda row as Russian child models brandish guns in performance themed on Ukraine conflict. (Warning: Daily Mail)
North Korea Owes Sweden €300m for 1,000 Volvos It Stole 40 Years Ago - And Is Still Using
Mariners' Jesus Montero throws ice cream sandwich at scout
Pennsylvania man, 19, suffocated his girlfriend, 17, by sitting on her after intentionally crashing his car at 100 miles per hour
Human skull donated to local Goodwill
Seattle Mariners catcher Jesus Montero benched for rest of season for throwing ice cream sandwich at a scout.
The Seattle Mariners say Jesus Montero will not play again this season after he reportedly threw an ice cream sandwich at a scout.
Kentucky state fair winning pie being investigated.
Obama 'Shames' An Entire Nation By Wearing A Tan Suit
Jesus Montero Heckled By Scout, Throws Ice Cream Sandwich At Him
North Korea Owes Sweden €300m for 1,000 Volvos It Stole 40 Years Ago - And Is Still Using (xpost /r/NorthKoreaNews)
Casey Anthony Pregnant With Twins
Oklahoma police department using plastic cop to deter speeders
2 vigilantes spoil tremendous robbery
Grandfather drenches infant in Ice Bucket Challenge
Ferguson isn't about black rage against cops. It's white rage against progress.
Inmates accused of smuggling drugs from casket
Louisville Cardinals cheerleaders subject to drug tests
Suspects Appear to Urinate in Public Behind WHSV
Volunteer firefighter charged with arson, faces hate crime
Cussing Bird Pivotal in Child Kidnap, Rape Case
Seeing double? Two politicians named Dan Sullivan run for office in Alaska
Two vigilantes spoil dangerous robbery
Arizona man arrested for burning, urinating on Bible
Coroner determines black man shot himself in the chest while hands were cuffed behind back
Town Of 600 Sexy Brazilian Women Desperately Seeks Men For Love, Marriage; But Don't Plan To Stick Around
Man Sues Grindr For "Negligently" Hooking Him Up With 13-Year-Old Boy
Chinese High-Rise Worker Left Dangling After Annoyed Boy Cuts Rope
4-year-old expelled from preschool over Facebook post
Barbershop won't cut women's hair, Evie Ruddy plans human rights complaint
Police work to identify suspect who attacked jogger while nude
Aberdeen City Council apologieses after telling woman in a letter she was dead
Dethroned Myanmar beauty queen runs off with crown, free breast implants: Organiser
New Florida university opens bookless library
Cat lives double life with second family
Thirsty cyclists mistake soap for soft-drink - The Local
Putin Hopes Russia Won't Lose Right to Host World Cup 2018
Everything You Need to Know About Ghost Sex
National Guard Turns to Food Banks Because Rick Perry Hasn't Paid Them Yet
CUMBRIAN MAN JAILED FOR POSSESSING BART SIMPSON PORN
President Vladimir Putin said Friday he hoped Russia would not lose the right to host the 2018 soccer World Cup
People will downvote this is the world we live in today through absolute ignorance!
Top 10 Stupidest Things That Started Wars
Case involving cat costume results in seven convictions
Hershey's New Logo Looks a Lot Like the Poo Emoji
GOP aims for youth vote with online game
Obesity Is Now So Normal That Parents Can't See It in Their Kids
Sanrio announces that Hello Kitty is not a cat. She is a perpetual 3rd grader named Kitty White who has her own pet cat, Charmmy Kitty.
On her 40th birthday, Sanrio corrects an anthropologist working on a Hello Kitty museum exhibit and says that Hello Kitty is not a cat. She is a perpetual 3rd grader named Kitty White who has her own pet cat, Charmmy Kitty.
No results found: Google couldn't locate records in murder case
Florida man says he killed 15 tortoises and planned on killing more
Substance that killed Anderson teen was strychnine, officials say
Firearm Sales Slump Because the NRA Is Too Good At Stopping Legislation
Chinese kid saws through worker's safety rope because he can't hear his cartoons
Funeral Horse Pulling Hearse Dies Mid-Procession
Chinese boy can't hear his cartoons, cuts high-rise worker's safety rope
'Full House' to possibly be revived for some godforsaken reason
There Will Be a 'Hannibal' Cookbook
Atlanta-area teacher creates a classroom safety device
Ms. Crispi On Trial For Allegedly Setting Fire To Ex's Home With Bacon
Top 10 Prodigies of Our Time
The Times' newsroom set to ring with the sounds of typewriters once more
Workman nearly falls to his death after child cuts rope because drilling 'disturbed his cartoon TV show'
US cable giants call on FCC to block cities' expansion of high-speed internet
4-year-old expelled from preschool for mom's Facebook post
Drunk driving program coming to Georgia College
The Ku Klux Klan Is on the Prowl For New Members at a Popular Getaway Spot
WIDOW: HUSBAND DIED BECAUSE OF HAIRY CHEST
Fort Hood gunman Nidal Hasan 'writes letter to Isis' asking to become 'citizen' of Islamic State
Exclusive: There Will Be a 'Hannibal' Cookbook
Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan writes letter to ISIS asking to join their terror group
Chinese chef dies after severed cobra head bites him
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov claimed that the NATO satellite pictures showing Russian military involvement in Ukraine had "turned out to be from computer games."
Man accused in police chase, crash, stops to play with cats
Man Who Defrauded EPA calls EPA "Fraudulent" on FOX
Dog Turns On Stove, Sets House On Fire
Hershey Joins Elite Club Of Companies With Poo-Like Logos
Dad destroys son's video game collection with riding mower
Indian anti-corruption activist fakes own death to live with another woman, committing murder in the process
NATO satellite photos of Russian troops in Ukraine? They may be from a video game, Lavrov says
340lb shoplifter 'attacked store workers with pepper spray' as she 'tried to steal beer, bacon, cheese and chicken wings from Piggly Wiggly'.
12 Celebrities with Small Wieners
12 Celebrities with Small Packages
North Korea denounces Canada's human rights record
Miley Cyrus claims that Elvis Presley was 'the original twerker'
American named Douglas McArthur McCain confirmed to have been killed fighting alongside ISIS
Deadmau5 Receives Cease-and-Desist From Ferrari, Sadly Unwraps Nyan Cat 'Purrari'
Deadmau5 Issued Cease and Desist Order By Ferrari over his Nyan Cat Themed Ferrari
Kerry: ISIS Won't Be Allowed to Spread
North Korea Calls American Society 'Graveyard of Human Rights' Over Ferguson Race Riots
Kennecott hopes project will change mountain color to green
Top 10 Diseases Science Can't Explain
Study: Most White People Don't Have A Single Black Friend.
Retired doctor attacks taxi driver with stick over fears he would miss the opera
Stolen Rolex watches recovered inside women's vaginas at Las Vegas hotel: police
The truth about Hello Kitty (Response to the humorous news that Hello Kitty isn't actually a cat.)
Japan gov't calls on citizens to stockpile toilet paper
Government publishes detailed instructions on how to safely roast marshmallows
Feds Still Studying Why Lesbians Are Obese
Top 10 Foods You Should Avoid
Teen Dies After Chasing Thief Who Stole Her New iPhone
Rich People Are Pissed About Obama's Labor Day Weekend Plans
8000 cases called back in a hurry by American Singles cheese
Boy born without a brain dies peacefully at the age of 12
Teacher fired for giving zeroes for not doing homework and tests wins appeal
Teacher, fired for giving zeros, 'treated unfairly,' appeal board rules
Bible Belt leads United States in consumption of gay porn
Woman Calls 911 Because McDonalds Ran Out of Nuggets
Sand collapse kills 9-year-old girl at Oregon beach
From NY to Texas, KKK recruits with candies and fliers
In Kemerovo detained foreign car with the goose, the homeless and the drunk driver
Miley Cyrus' date turns self in, posts bail
OJ Simpson converting to Islam.
Women Bosses Are Fighting Sexism in Tech-by Posing in Their Undies
Ouster of doc accused of slapping patients' butts hurts Syracuse hospital's bottom line
Coffee stands raked in millions through sex trade
Motorcyclist Brags to Cops He Hit 185 Mph in Chase
Prince Charles and Princess Diana's Wedding Cake Slice Sells for $1,375 at Auction
Police Believe Dog Accidentally Started Lacey Township Fire
Why we are losing this war: All you need is hate
Australian police investigate Sydney school over alleged "turkey slapping"
Australia's Will Power claims maiden IndyCar championship
Siblings arrested at church and charged with incest after watching The Notebook
Widow claims husband died on flight because of his hairy chest
Bacon: a simple word, a complex issue
Kings School investigated by police over 'turkey slapping' incident
Why Government Researchers Think We May Be Living in a 2D Hologram
Scientists raised these fish to walk on land
Court grants man divorce over wife's demand for excessive sex
Iranian cleric says 3G phones are un-Islamic
Feral Cat Causes School Closure
Video: West Bloomfield hopes bubble soccer league pops with players
Ten-year-old boy cuts construction worker's lifeline because noise was interrupting his cartoons
Here's Why You Helpless Tramps Don't Vote Republican
Reddit documents how often police shoot people's dogs
Neighbor Sours on Boy's 'Illegal' Lemonade Stand
No worries, says MILF of Bangsamoro Law delay
Justin Bieber compares treatment of paparazzi after car accident to death of Princess Diana
Top 10 Odd Facts about Ancient Greece
Canadian teacher fired for giving zeroes to students for not doing homework, tests wins appeal
Canadian teacher who was fired for giving students a zero for not handing in homework or missing tests wins appeal
Today Marks 17 Years Since Princess Diana Death
Judge slams attorney for dressing like Harry Potter character
Childhood friends discover they are brothers
North Korea is refusing to send cheerleaders to the upcoming Incheon Asian Games, blaming South Korea for refusing to pay their expenses. (x-post from /r/NorthKoreaNews)
CNN tours Kim Jung Un's waterpark.
'Halal wine' with 24-carat edible gold leaf released in Dubai
These Female Fox News Hosts Think Catcalling Is Perfectly Fine
Josh Earnest: Barack Obama stands behind suit
62 year old man,died in front of his wife after the attendant refused to use a defibrillator on him because 'his chest was too hairy.'
Is it possible Robin Williams committed Suicide b/c he had Parkinson's?
State fair scandal: Winning pie may have store-bought crust.
Lost Winnipeg man lived on all dressed chips, rainwater and 'Survivor Man' lessons
Deafening military flyovers of airshow exciting novelty for city that has never been bombed
Erdoğan appoints aide who denounced 'murder attempts by telekinesis' as economic adviser
Indian Court grants man divorce over wife's demand for excessive sex
Libyan militia uses vacated U.S. Embassy in Libya as swim club
Why Feminist Activists Defecated and Menstruated on the Islamic State Flag
Russia strikes back at Canada in Twitter war of the maps over Ukraine
ISIS, the reviled international terrorist group, launches "The Islamic State of Cat" on Twitter featuring terrorist-centric lolcats and memes
Top 10 Terrifying Diseases Unknown To Society
Tons of celebrity nude photos released by Hackers on 4chan
The North Korean authorities have declared the U.S as the "chief culprit of counterfeit notes printing and circulation" and the "most hideous criminal state" regarding the manufacturing of high quality counterfeit United States one hundred-dollar bills, known as "supernotes." (x-post r/worldnews)
Three quarters of students receive failing mark - More than 93,000 took the Grade 12 exam, which cracked down on cheaters. Just 11 received an A
Teenage Boy Hides in Walmart Aisle, Lives There for Four Days
Northwestern team finds cause of ALS
NK Declares U.S. "Chief Culprit" in Counterfeit Industry
Sudan bans reporting on Ebola
Jennifer Lawrence and other celebs nudes leaked
"Power Bottoming," The Most Disturbing New Trend in American Homosexuality
Justin Bieber Accused of Attempted Robbery at Dave & Buster's
Fetus Found in Girl's High School Bathroom
Top 10 Famous Sexaholics
South Koreans will go extinct in 2750 if they don't have more babies
I Never Should Have Followed My Dreams
Oakland Ends 80-Year Ban On Pinball
Gunman kills two at government office in Ashburton, escapes on bicycle
Liên Khúc Nhạc Trẻ Hay Nhất 2014- REMIX - Giai Điệu Ngọt Ngào
Fetus found in bathroom of North Texas high school
President Obama's tan suit caused a stir on Twitter
Monkey Selfie Photographer David Slater: US Copyright Office Guidelines Misleading
Grand Ayatollah Issues Fatwa Stating High Speed Internet is Against Sharia
4chan attempts to support Jennifer Lawrence with #LeakForJLaw campaign
15 YEAR OLD WHO "SWATTED" GAMER CONVICTED OF DOMESTIC TERRORISM; 25 YEARS TO LIFE IN FEDERAL PRISON
Texas grandpa douses baby in Ice Bucket Challenge; dad furious
MEGADETH Mainman DAVE MUSTAINE's Stool Being Auctioned For Charity
Teen taking test drive in Lamborghini dies in crash; excessive speed believed a factor
Texting while driving, woman impaled through buttocks
Lego blocks help police solve 1991 murder
Man in his 60s has penis ring cut off with hacksaw
Teenager dies after being electrocuted while urinating on lamp post
Islamic State group becomes target of Arab satire
Chinese man who sued wife for being ugly awarded $120,000
JAPAN URGES TOILET PAPER STOCK FOR MAJOR QUAKE
Black mum gives birth to white baby in 1,000,000-1 odds that baffled midwives
McRage: Woman Sets Car on Fire After Man Refuses to Buy McFlurry
WTF: Ostrich on loose in Bang Phli (VIDEO) Bangkok
Israel jails eight Jewish neo-Nazis
Little pink gun lands Wash. gang leader in prison
Fueled by Superstition, People Are Violently Attacking Albinos in Tanzania
Macon inmates pick up contraband from grandmother's casket
Faucet Maker Limits Employee Bathroom Breaks To 6 Minutes A Day
SpaceGhostPurrp Beefs With 11-Year-Old Rapper Lil Shark, Gets Website Hacked
Egyptian Wants To Sue Israel Over Biblical Plagues
Saudi king: Islamic State will reach 'Europe in a month and America in another month' Read more: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/aug/30/saudi-king-islamic-state-will-reach-europe-in-a-mo/#ixzz3C4iQAK2N Follow us: @washtimes on Twitter
Half of young women can't 'locate their vaginas' and 65% find it difficult to say the word
Mystery as Newcastle man finds his stock of Foster's lager cans empty
Photo of wrong mushroom appears with story about matsutake season opening
Jeff Gordon declines dance invitation from President Obama
Policeman caught taking selfie as man attempted suicide on Istanbul bridge
RIP Russian space sex geckos (2014-2014)
Thirteen-Year-Old Boy Tried as Adult Because of Penis Size Sentenced to Jail
Transfer Deadline day frenzy continues as Russian side Zenit sign youngster Bart Simpson.
Top 10 Clean Celebrities Who Got Their Acts Together
EU must develop 'best supporting actor' role in war zones.
Federal study on lesbian obesity costs $3 million
Six riders hospitalised after mistaking detergent for energy drink
Russia confirms death of five geckos on space sex mission
Bart Simpson Signs Deal With St. Petersburg's Zenit Football Club
Russia bans Abbott from Vladivostok duty free shop
2037, the date whites become a minority in Britain.
You Can Now Upload Google+ Videos onto Youtube
Woman Texts While Driving, Impales Self With Pole
Sad News for Zero-G Sex Study: The Geckos Are Dead
The Guy Who's Trying to Shut Down a Kid's 'Illegal' Lemonade Stand Is Apparently Breaking the Law in an Incredibly Ironic Way
EU Bans Bottled Water Claim That Water Prevents Dehydration: Ludicrous or Just?
Man nearly dies in ice bucket challenge after plane drops water on him
The man who tried to shut down a kid's lemonade stand is now under investigation
Botched ice bucket challenge leaves man critically injured after plane drops hundreds of gallons of water
Ice Bucket Challenge: Belgian Man Left Unconscious After Plane Dumps 400 Gallons of Water on Him
Former Canadian Nazi runs for office in Ontario's cottage country
How the baby born with the upside-down head has defied doctors who told his mother to let him die, and is now a motivational speaker
Police respond to school shooting threat - in a science fiction book set in 2902. (x-post /r/books)
Dog turns on stove, which then sets laptop ablaze
Witness: Beaten man was told restaurant 'not safe for whites'
Facebook to users: 'Get the facts about Messenger'
British jihadists to be forced to attend deradicalisation programmes, says Cameron
Woman impaled through buttocks after texting and driving accident
Stonehenge: ghostly outlines of missing stones appear
Just HALF of women can locate the vagina on a diagram of the female reproductive system
If you click on Jennifer Lawrence's naked pictures, you're perpetuating her abuse
NEWS: New discovery at Stonehenge due to watering hose being too short
Boy born without a brain dies at age 12
Russian bank offers cats with mortgages
Colorado mom impaled through buttocks in texting-and-driving crash: 'I'm a miracle'
Report: Widow says flight attendant nixed use of defibrillator due to husband's hairy chest
Payback? PTA Parent Allegedly Planted Drugs in Another Parent's Car
Unlucky Man Has Marijuana Delivered to Home During Police Raid
Rare snake-like amphibian resembling penis found in Brazil
Teacher suspended and investigated by the police for writing sci-fi novel about a school shooting set 900 years in the future
How the baby born with the upside-down head has defied doctors and is now a motivational speaker
Man decapitates himself on Bronx street
Naked Jennifer Lawrence photos destroy Reddit abstinence community
Man kills himself by decapitation in the Hunts Point section of the Bronx
Japanese pornstars raised thousands of dollars for AIDS with their "Boob-Squeezing Campaign."
Man calls 911 when stripper won't have sex with him
CO Woman Impaled in Buttocks after Texting and Driving
FBI National Domestic Threat Assessment Omits Islamist Terrorism
Does this belong here?
Small Florida Town Signs Police Privatization Deal With Walmart
Singaporeans go barking mad over bid to silence dogs
Pro wrestlers shake things up in North Korea
Cee Lo Green: It's only rape if the person is conscious
Scientists Empirically Discover the Best Cheese for Pizza
Syrian rebels demand ransom, removal from terror list in order to free captive Fiji troops
Skydiver sacked for having sex during a tandem jump
A woman has been hospitalized after screaming so hard during the Ice Bucket Challenge, that she dislocated her jaw.
Security expert weighs in on 'The Fappening' and the iCloud
Parents Allegedly Planted Drugs in Rival PTA Member's Car
Radioactive wild boar roaming the forests of Germany.
Radioactive Boars Rampaging Through Germany.
Sex with mattress accused 'under terror death threat'
Husbands' naked hatred for Jamie Oliver
Survivor singer dies at 63
Man accidentally shoots self during traffic stop in Colorado
Girl, 10, stays calm during burglary
Nan in a naan: Family find their grandmother Sheila 'alive' in giant naan bread
Jamie Oliver 'roughed up' by irate husbands who were forced into the kitchen
Long Men's Clothing Online With The Best Design
Nan bread! Curry house diner sees image of his late grandmother during meal
Conservatives Protest Labor Day By Staging A Work-In
BLAZE & ALEX (THE DUO W/ 1,000 FACES)
Mayor of Chicago Approves $10m increase for people to stand around on their cellphones
US ambassador to Britain gets roasting from chefs after banning lamb and potatoes
Outrage over store allegedly selling BB guns to children
Sex geckos die in orbit on Russian space project
Topekan says "ISIS" acronym insults Pagan goddess
Search and rescue bloodhound missing in Williamsburg
Colorado woman impaled in buttocks by guardrail post after texting white driving
Half of young women unable to 'locate vagina'
Man kills himself by decapitation in the Bronx with moving car
Thieving monkey hands out money
The Naked Mole Rat's Secret to Anti-Aging
An NFL Player Got A Tattoo On His Face To Keep Himself From Ever Getting A Normal Job
Police chief kills Atwater, Minn., boy's pet chicken
Boy born without brain dies at 12
Half of 26 to 35-year-olds can't find the vagina on a diagram of the female reproductive system, survey finds.
Belarusian man seeks damages from Russian media for offending his country
Manure spreader dumps load on vehicle
Man Born With The Upside-Down Head, Claudio Vieira de Oliveira, Becomes Inspirational Speaker
Delta Airlines flight from NYC diverted over reclining seat argument
Back from the bread: Curry lover gets a shock when he spots face of dead nan in his NAAN
Al Qaeda's New Front: Jihadi Rap
Wedding Brawl In Pittsburgh After Groom Allegedly Gropes Pregnant Waitress
Woman impaled in buttocks after texting while driving
3 Arrested At Wedding After Groom Allegedly Hits On Pregnant Reception Worker, Gets Into Fight
Russian sex geckos die in orbit
Nigerian witch-finder Helen Ukpabio threatens legal action against human rights organisations
Malaysia Airlines Asked for Travelers' 'Bucket Lists' in Ill-Advised Contest
Tragedy: Russia's orbiting zero-g sex geckos have all died.
A researcher in Britain's Home Office was reprimanded and sent to a 'two day ethnicity and diversity course' for referring to the Pakistani rapists in Rotherham as 'Asian'.
Facebook's Report Abuse button has become a tool of global oppression
Man Sues Restaurant For Not Stopping Him From Eating An Entire Artichoke
Over 2 Dozen Well-cared for Pot Plants Found Near Walmart
Shepton woman hospitalised after trying to give cat a bath
Two Heads are Better than one
Man sues restaurant for not teaching him how to eat an artichoke.
BROTHER AND SISTER FACE INCEST CHARGES, BLAME 'THE NOTEBOOK'
Gun found on obese inmate after 5 searches
Sex geckos die in orbit on Russian space project (x-post /r/worldnews)
CEO caught kicking puppy in Vancouver elevator resigns
Man robs Mc Donald's from drive thru
Lord's Prayer In Venezuela Invokes Chavez: 'Lead Us Not Into Temptation Of Capitalism'
Brawl erupts after groom hits on waitress at his own wedding
A Very Confused CNN Wonders: "Who is 4chan?"
CEO caught kicking dog in elevator resigns from his job
Planned Parenthood Promotes Prayer Event to Pray for More Abortions
Where are all the hacked penis pictures?
Arizona statutory rape victim forced to pay child support
No One Tweets Like the Japanese, and That Was a Huge Problem for Twitter
First New York City Denny's will serve Dom Perignon breakfast for the 1%
Furious Obama Says Calls to Putin Going Straight to Voice Mail
AT&T: Cities should never offer Internet service where ISPs already do or might later
Texting woman impaled in buttocks
CNN Tech Analyst Thinks 4Chan Is A Person: 'He May Have Been A Systems Administrator'
Police say alleged drunken driver hit 'Drive Sober' sign on police department lawn
Curry lover spots image of dead Grandmother in Naan bread
Half of young women can't 'locate their vaginas'
Drink driver who crashed into parked car is given community order
CNN actually thinks 4chan may be a person
Delta Flight Rerouted After Passengers Fight Over Legroom
Here are some awesome and free professional wordpress themes download and demo links
Bloomington party bus driver charged with DUI
Girl 9 said Uzi was too much for her
$235,750 in donations for Officer Wilson (who shot & killed Michael Brown in Ferguson, MO) has vanished from the crowdfunding site GoFundMe
Apartment Manager Allegedly Calls Resident's American Flag A 'Threat To Muslim Community'
Charges: Tuxedoed man shot at 2 for interrupting blow job
One in six French people say they support ISIS
Venezuelan Socialist Party Swaps God for Chavez in New Prayer: A member of Venezuela's Socialist Party has rolled out a variation of the classic Christian "Lord's Prayer" to implore beloved late leader Hugo Chavez for protection from the evils of capitalism
Shepton Mallet family's fury after council fails to dig plot for funeral
Men on horseback help detain Ferguson robbery suspect
Fayetteville Woman Steals $144 Worth Of Eye Shadow, Police Say (The mugshot makes the story)
Girl who fatally shot Arizona gun instructor said weapon was too powerful
Parent to Youth Football Coach: 'You're the Dude that Shot Me'
Alaskan city has spent $7,000 appealing mayor's $37.50 fine.
I am Groot: Is a walking, talking plant-person possible?
Former BYU quarterback arrested on charges of shoplifting and cocaine possesion
Hershey's New Logo Reminiscent of a Pile of Poop
Pretending To Be A Medical Patient Pays Off For This Teen
This one guy's Domino's pizza complaint is absolutely hilarious
Drunk tuxedo-wearing Seattle man opens fire on couple who interrupted public oral sex
Psychiatrist: Kelli Stapleton legally insane, tried to kill autistic daughter 'out of love'
Islamic State 'sorry' for releasing Steven Sotloff beheading video early
Tony Blair wins GQ's Philanthropist of the Year Award
Fire chief blames 'gravity' for deaths of 4 HFD firefighters in motel blaze
Radical Russian Orthodox Activist to Lecture on Whether Putin Will Become God
Neurons in human skin perform advanced calculations
Tuxedo-clad Seattle man shoots at couple for interrupting oral sex
Mongoose fights pride of lions... and wins!
Women fighting over the right-to-recline force Delta Airlines plane to divert in THIRD mid-air seat row in just a week
PR Firm Apologizes For 'Sleepy Hollow' "Headless Day" Promo After Beheading Of Second US Journalist
Dog turns on stove, burns laptop: Report
Action films most likely to make you fat, says study
Baylor's quarterback says broken back feels "great", expects to play on saturday
My Week on the All-Emoji Diet
Florida-bound Delta flight diverted over reclining seat dispute
Mother Uses Vibrator on Baby
WERE 'DEVIL WORSHIPPER' YAZIDIS THERE FOR THE BIRTH OF HUMAN CULTURE?
Cee Lo Green Has Another Run-In With LAPD
Juveniles charged with felonies for stripping bark from school's tree.
Sports presenter attacked by purple sex toy
Trolling today: Ukrainian media exec takes infamous internet tactic to TV, dodges conversation with RT
Russian Space Experiment On Gecko Sex Goes Awry : The Two-Way
Prostate foundation rejects cash from Reddit users feeling guilty over Jennifer Lawrence pics
Cancer Research Foundation Rejects Reddit Donations Made over Nude Photos
Pilot killed during flyover to honour crash victim
Prostate Cancer Foundation returns donations from Reddit [x-post r/thefappening]
Teacher suspended from his job and vilified for writing a sci-fi novel that features a school shooting.
South Carolina teen sues DMV over license photo
January Jones Wants You To Know She's 'Flattered' That The Fat Jew Wants To Drink Her Butt Sweat
North Korea Bans Recycling of Leader Kim Jong Un's Image
Penn State student gains rep as squirrel whisperer
'Sleepy Hollow' Marketers Sorry for 'National Beheading Day' Stunt
Tokyo lost the war, and must accept defeat
A Man Accidentally Killed Himself While Taking A Selfie
Recliner rage forces another flight to land
Fred Brumwell wanted a Google job so badly, he rented a billboard
DJ Wakes Up From 10 Year Coma - Hears EDM - Asks To Be Put Back To Sleep
Comeback of the Hitler Youth haircut worries Jewish and progressive groups fearing intolerance
Minimum Wage Workers in US Make More Than ISIS Terrorists
Egypt fatwa bans online chats between sexes
Tuxedoed Man Fired Shot When Tryst Interrupted
Mumbai cop chooses bullock cart race over duty, loses 2 increments
Obama will fight for Satan-worshippers but not for Christians
Columbus man plans 'PotatoStock' after potato-salad Kickstarter goes viral
Venezuelan Socialist Party swaps God for Chavez in new prayer
Lincoln Center feminist club named ISIS says it won't change its name - because it would be 'kind of a pain'
Venezuela rails against portrayal in US spy drama
Columbia Student Will Carry a Mattress Everywhere Until Her Alleged Rapist Is Expelled
The DARE Dildo Debacle: Crime Commission President Calls For 'A Hard Look' At Backpack Full of Dongs
Georgia dealers want Tesla store shuttered for selling too many Teslas
The Northern Territory's wacky weapons of choice
How does a police department lose a Humvee?
Pentagon 80% Sure It Killed Al-Shabab Leader
Homeowner sick of cold calls changes name to Tim P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-Price
Charity turns down Reddit's pity money for looking at stolen celebrity photos
In Raqqa's Training Camps, ISIS Teaches Children How to Behead
Cancer charity rejects donations by Reddit users who viewed nude celebrity photos
Police chase wheelchair-bound man through city
Malaysia Airlines Launches Unfortunately Named 'Bucket List' Contest
Woman steals $144 worth of eyeshadow
Hollywood nude picture hacking scandal may have been the work of underground celebrity naked photo trading ring
GQ Men of the Year Awards: Tony Blair named 'Philanthropist of the Year'
Russia and Ukraine Ceasefire
Venezuela's PSUV unveils new delegate's prayer 'Our Chavez who art in heaven'
Snoop Dogg crashes Chicago Hindu wedding
Teen sues South Carolina DMV over license photo
Facebook tests satire tag (x-post from /r/facebook)
Facebook tests satire tag
PU B.com Part 2nd Annual Result 2014 Punjab University Lahore
Teenager suing motoring body after being refused driver's licence photo with make-up
Some Guy Tried Robbing A Family Dollar But Left After An Employee Said He Had To Wait Like Everyone Else
Mickey Mouse and Spongebob beat up driver in bizarre road rage incident
Italian Minister claims he is Cursed by African Spirits after Calling First Black Minister an Ape
Mickey Mouse and SpongeBob beat up driver in road rage incident
Sponge Bob and Mickey Mouse beat up angry driver in road rage caught on camera
Man Tries To Fight Off Robbers With Cans Of Spam.
SpongeBob and Mickey Mouse Beat Up Russian Driver in Viral Video
Who ate all the pies? Not Boris Johnson during Shepton Mallet fish and chip shop visit
Close-up shag photo wins amateur snapper a British Wildlife Photography national award
Cow Flees Slaughterhouse, Gores Jogger, Heads to Oktoberfest
Malaysia Airlines mocked for bucket list challenge
US claims it has rightful access to data stored on servers anywhere in the world(x-post from r/worldnews)
Fast Food Fan Immediately Regrets Complaining To Dominos About Pizza Without Toppings
Mexican Star Trek-themed wedding deemed 'best ever'
Enormous UB parties "blew" councilman's mind
Bike rider on 'bucket list' ride from Maryland to Miami fatally stabbed
US claims it has rightful access to data stored on servers anywhere in the world.
Ohio day care accused of running toddler fight club
Girl who accidentally shot her instructor with an Uzi said the gun was too much for her
Indian Woman Gets Married To A Dog In The Name Of Tradition
Man sought in chase stops to play with cats
Woman spends six days in hospital after bathing cat
'Transformers' Director Michael Bay Signs Best Deal In The History of Hollywood
Dunkin' Adds Almond Milk for the Health-Conscious Doughnut Customer
Letters from Eclair Enthusiast responsible for Dunkin' Donuts bold move into SoCal Market
Malaysia Airlines named their ticket promotion a "My Ultimate Bucket List"
Fox TV show 'Sleepy Hollow' start 'National Beheading Day' Social Media Campaign on the same day news broke that ISIS claimed to have decapitated American journalist Steven Sotloff, marketers apologize.
Men stop traffic to smoke shisha in London
Woman hospitalized for six days after bathing cat
Tony Blair is named philanthropist of the year
Woman Discovers Her Cat Is Cheating On Her
Northeast Ohio Media Group hires LeBron James beat writer
Texas girl trapped in spinning washing machine at laundromat
'Sleepy Hollow' Marketers Sorry for 'National Beheading Day' Social Media Campaign
Indian Woman Gets Married To a stray dog, on the advice of a holy men to ward off evil
Police chief apologizes after beheading boy's pet chicken
Egypt's Oldest Pyramid Is Being Destroyed By the Company Hired to Fix It
Jennifer Lawrence photo leak: Let's stop calling this hacking 'The Fappening'
Joint Committee Discussing Legalizing Marijuana in SC
When Feces Is the Best Medicine
RACE-BAITING CLOWN FIRED FROM TENNESSEE FAIR
'Sleepy Hollow' Marketers Sorry for 'National Beheading Day' Social Media Campaign (x-post)
Driver's license a requisite for finalizing marriage contracts?
Phil Robertson on ISIS: 'Convert them or kill them'
Suspect stopped to pet kittens in the middle of a police chase.
Islamic State apologizes for leaking Sotloff execution video early
What Grover Norquist Learned at Burning Man
Disney take deadmau5 to court as his logo is too much like Mickey Mouses' head.
Buckingham Palace guardsman under investigation after video shows him pirouetting on duty
Malaysia Airlines Offers 'Bucket List' Promotion
Suspect Almost Evades Police, Gets Busted After Stopping to Pet Kittens
Girl, 5, trapped in running washer, 'tumbling pretty fast'
Boulder police puzzled after woman deposits cocaine at Wells Fargo
Prostate cancer charity rejects Reddit donations over hacked Jennifer Lawrence naked photos
Arizona Lawmaker Proposes Ban on Giving Machine Guns to Children
India: Girl Forced To Marry Stray Dog To Ward off Evil Forces
School building catches on fire during fire drill
Vice President Joe Biden: US will pursue ISIS into hell if necessary
Cancer charity rejects Reddit's Celebgate money
Suspect Stops in Middle of Police Chase to Pet Cats
Turns out some of those Fappening pics were child porn...
Malaysia Airlines Launches a Things to Do Before You Die Contest
Malaysia Airlines renames 'bucket list' offer after MH370 and MH17 disasters
Iraq Hostage Forced to Mop Up Blood Is Desperate for Work and Wants to Go Back
Malaysia Airlines' "Ultimate Bucket List" Contest Is Tragically Dumb
Malaysia Airlines criticised for 'macabre' My Ultimate Bucket List competition after MH370 and MH17 disasters
College Professor Literally Shoots Himself in the Foot in Class
CBP Intercepts Giant Millipedes at SFO Mail Facility
Michigan man charged with armed robbery of Amish family in buggy
Malaysia Airlines has a contest asking passengers what they'd like to do before they die
Woman pinned under her own car in parking lot
Police: Man Stabs Roommate For Being Too Loud While Having Threesome
Colorado woman impaled in buttocks by metal guard rail after crashing truck while texting
Russian Space Experiment On Gecko Sex Goes Awry
Japenese High School Baseball Game Lasts 50 Innings
Bernard Corbeil, Quebec City lawyer, on trial for assault in citizen's arrest. Corbeil used zip ties to bind hands and feet of neighbour he believed was stealing cat food
Driver Learns A Cardboard License Plate Drawn With Markers Won't Pass Muster With Cops
Malaysia Airlines tweaks its "Bucket List" sales campaign
Woman in India Marries Dog to Ward Off Evil
Cardboard Massachusetts license plate doesn't fool police
Man dies after being denied defibrillator due to his chest hair, says widow
Dog-kicking video costs CEO his job
Schools preach 'enthusiastic' yes in sex consent education
Disney officially files lawsuit against Deadmau5 or the use of his mau5-head logo
Tony Blair Named Philanthropist Of The Year At GQ Awards
Teacher Kidnapped By Police, Being Held In Undisclosed Mental Facility For Writing A Fiction Book
'Duck Dynasty's' Phil Robertson on jihadists: 'Convert them or kill them'
Mom Arrested for Blocking Sidewalk While Waiting for Family to Use Bathroom
Horse-Drawn Carriage Drivers Robbed in Downtown St. Louis
Malaysia Airlines Asks Passengers For Ultimate Bucket List
Arctic Ice Cap Expands By 41 Percent In Two Years; Al Gore Thought It Might Be Gone By Now
Ivy student carries mattress everywhere after 'rapist' isn't expelled
Malaysia Airlines hastily removes bad taste things to do before you die 'bucket list' competition from website
Facebook outage sparks internet panic and visions of apocalyptic future
Teen marries stray dog in India
'Silly walks' Buckingham Palace Guardsman under investigation.
Gay teen kicked out of parents' home directs funds raised online to finance LGBT homeless shelter
Man Changes Name from 'José' to 'Joe,' Receives Many More Job Offers
Columbia student carries mattress around until her rapist gets expelled
Disabled Vietname vet has Seahawks logo for an eye
Charges: Minn. Man Ejaculated In Co-Worker's Coffee
College Student Sues Ex for Causing Her to Fail Class
Disabled Vietnam vet has Seahawks logo for an eye
Locals news suggests flying object that is clearly a bird might be a UFO.
Police Kill Woman, Charge Man They Were Trying To Shoot With Murder
Suspect charged with murder after stray police bullet kills innocent woman
People are lining up for an iPhone 6 that doesn't exist yet
Man Biking Through Six States to Propose to Girlfriend Stabbed at McDonald's Rest Stop
Aberdeen City Council apologises after telling woman in letter that she was dead
Maryland high school grounds crew mows artificial turf football field with lawn mower, website reports
Cardboard license plate doesn't fool cops
Showdown in Central New York: Village mayor says town must go
WND's Owens: Ice Bucket Challenge Is A 'Satanic Ritual' - See more at: http://www.rightwingwatch.org/content/wnds-owens-ice-bucket-challenge-satanic-ritual#sthash.pvtKKven.dpuf
Principal Fed Up With Twerking Cancels Homecoming Dance, Blames Miley
WND's Owens: Ice Bucket Challenge Is A 'Satanic Ritual'
Supporter of Idaho's "Guns on Campus" bill shoots himself in foot while teaching class.
Judge orders lawyer to wear socks
Line Forms at NY Apple Store for Products Yet to Be Unveiled
Satanists Demand Religious Exemption From Anti Abortion Counseling
Apparently Ferrari is Pissed About Deadmau5's Custom Paint Job
19yo kills a man because the man was short $1 for a heroin purchase
B.C. woman sues former boyfriend for causing her to fail a class
Police State America: Two Children Charged With Felonies For Peeling Bark From a Tree
Victims asked to investigate crime themselves
WTF: Cop Stops To Take Selfie In Front Of Man About To Jump To His Death (Photo)
Malaysia Airlines offers "Bucket List" contest.
MIT To Offer 'Credit For Reddit' Course Next Spring
High School Grounds Crew Uses Lawn Mower on Artificial Turf
Police telling victims to solve crimes by themselves
Cop caught taking selfie as suicide victim jumps from bridge
University Of Kansas Considered Community Service Too 'Punitive' For Rape Punishment
Ofcom will not probe lesbian lizard snog in new Dr Who series
The Great Third-Pound Burger Ripoff
Overzealous high school grounds crew mows artificial turf
Isis Wallet changing name to Softcard to avoid confusion with terror group
Kim Kardashian Poses Topless for British GQ, Accepts Woman of the Year Award
Selling 'used' digital music proves troublesome for two ReDigi executives
Florida creep groped female Taco Bell employee by reaching into drive-thru window: cops - NY Daily News
Baggy Pants Law Will Fine Offenders In Louisiana Parish
This College Student Will Carry A Mattress To Class Every Day Until Her Alleged Rapist Leaves Campus
Police: Woman Arrested After Stealing $144 Of Eyeshadow
MIT is developing a "Reddit" class, to be taught next Spring
Meth Banshee Found Under Bed in University District
Actress Betty White, 92, DYES Peacefully in her Los Angeles Home
Police Alert Over Super Strong Ketamine Made For Dinosaurs
Travellers heading to Thailand have been urged not to carry a copy of George Orwell's dystopian novel 1984
Girl, 18, marries stray dog in an attempt to remove her 'curse'
You Can Pay $200,000 to Replace Your Blood With Antifreeze
Human Rights Lawyer Arrested While Standing on NYC Sidewalk Waiting for Children To Use Bathroom
Vermont principal shuts down high school dance over 'twerking' concerns
Attorney John Morgan makes obscenity-laced campaign stop
Speakeasy Owner Arrested for Public Drunkenness, Assault at His Bar's Opening Party
Indian girl marries a stray dog as part of bizarre tribal ritual to ward off evil spirit
Isis Mobile Wallet Rebrands To Softcard To Distance From Militant Terror Group
WOMAN ARRESTED FOR STEALING $144 WORTH OF EYE SHADOW, HAS THE MUGSHOT TO PROVE IT
ISIS Extremists Turned Crybabies after Caught and Slapped Around by Soldiers
Woman Said She Caught God Photobombing Her Kid at OK Drive-In Theater
Abortion Tacos Are the New Ice Buckets
Judge Orders Attorney to Wear Socks in Courtroom
Washington post says that Reddit has a child porn problem
France Plans to Sell the Mona Lisa to Pay Off its Debts
Malaysia Airlines Renames 'Bucket List' Promotion
U.S. Tech Company Changes Its Name From Isis for Pretty Obvious Reasons
Viên uống đẹp da Collagen AEC 12000mg của Pháp
Malaysia Airlines ditches 'Ultimate Bucket List' contest
Feces, urine poured on boy with autism participating in Ice Bucket Challenge, mom says
Two Oklahomans taken to hospital after McDonalds sign falls
Ferrari crashes into building - twice
Report on police: Victims 'asked to investigate crime themselves'
Woman marries dog in traditional ceremony in India
New Report: John Denver Crashed Aircraft While Masturbating
Wrigley Field in Chicago closes for the season after gopher "infestation"
Is Your Food Safe? Baidu's New 'Smart Chopsticks' Can Tell - WSJ
Is Your Food Safe? Baidu's New 'Smart Chopsticks' Can Tell
ISIS posts online apology for beheading video... to its followers for releasing it ahead of schedule
Male Senator Skeptical Sexual Harassment Exists Because He's Personally Never Seen It
'Dancing guardsman' at Buckingham Palace faces investigation by top brass after footage emerges online
Cobra loose in Los Angeles suburb can be deadly
How an e-cigarette could lead to cocaine
16 Year Old Boy Sues South Carolina state's Department of Motor Vehicles After He Was Ordered To Remove His Makeup For His Driver's License Photograph
Police find 'hanged man' is art model
Police arrest naked man doing pushups on road
SAPD: Man robs adult store to 'feed kids'
Holy Moly! Don't Passover the opportunity to own a giant Jesus
Police warn of Craigslist ads offering Seahawks tickets for sex
Robots now carry patients' meals for them in new Southmead Hospital
Al Qaeda says it's opening new branch in India
Being forced to pay for being raped.
South Dakota Man Attacks Own Lawyer after Failing to Attend Anger Management Class
Researchers developing glowing poop as a new type of cancer test
iPhone 6 Buyers Start Lining up Outside Fifth Avenue Apple Store
Pirouetting Buckingham Palace guard facing disciplinary action for 'dancing on duty'
Police say homeless man swipes Corvette, joyrides to strip club
Police Dept. Loses Pentagon Issued Humvee and it Apparently Happens All the Time
Adorable Miniature Horse Rescued From Adorable Miniature Sinkhole
VA depicts veterans as Oscar the Grouch
White pointers sighted in natural habitat at the Waterfront
World's First Vegan Oktoberfest Coming To Santa Monica
White pointers sighted in natural habitat at the Waterfront [NSFW]
Russian Sex Geckos Perish in Space
Isis salon promotes beauty, tranquillity not terrorism
Man takes Delray Beach police on wild chase, stops to play with cats
Family's Great Dane Eats 43 and a Half Socks
A dog who ate nearly 44 socks helps a Portland vet gain national honors
Surgery Reveals Dumbass Great Dane Ate 43.5 Socks
Massachusetts woman's cardboard license plate fails to fool state trooper
Selma backs off banning saggy pants
Professor Shoots His Foot In Class, Raising Concerns About Idaho's Campus Gun Laws
43 1/2 socks removed from dog's stomach
Don't pack George Orwell, visitors to Thailand told
Toronto: "Crackhead Mayor" Rob Ford's Possible Presence Making Regulars Nervous
Betty White alive and well, despite rumored death by homophone
Counterfeiting suspect caught printing $20 bills at Surrey Central bus loop, police say
Police: Roommate stabbed birthday boy for loud threesome
Idaho professor accidentally shoots himself in the foot in chemistry class
School bans 'unsupervised cartwheels' on playground
Hipster author rants about his Hipster neighborhood being overrun by Hipsters.
Michelle Drops 17 Song Visual Album
KFC launches fried chicken USB stick
A tail of love! Indian teen marries stray dog
Ancient Egypt: World's Oldest Pyramid 'Ruined' by Restorers
Nacho Monreal takes to Twitter to describe The Notebook as a 'really good film'
Man stabs roommate over a loud threesome
Guy lived in woods for 27 years, stole Pokemon from kids
Albino cobra on the loose in Thousand Oaks
Disney goes to battle with Deadmau5 over mouse ears logo
Don Johnson Caught With £5 Billion In Suitcase
German Scientists Prove There is Life After Death
Local Girl in India Marries A Dog to Avoid Bad Luck
Josh Gordon working as car salesman in 2014
Huffington Post Welcomes Dontè Stallworth, Former NFL Player And 9/11 Truther, As National Security Fellow
Josh Gordon from the Cleveland Browns takes a job as a car salesman
New condo in Toronto will have separate doors for rich and poor
Report: Josh Gordon Working As Car Salesman During NFL Suspension.
No charity will accept these redditors cum stained money
Syracuse Police: North Side homicide suspects caught after fleeing in victim's car
Woman's shock after she found illegal immigrant in her Fiat Panda after she'd driven from France back to the UK
Game of Thrones nude scene `approved` post church conflict in Croatia
Cop shoots selfie in Turkey as man jumps to death
Army can't track spending on $4.3b system to track spending, IG finds
Al-Qaeda Leader Zawahiri Challenges Isis By Opening New India Front
No Money, No Problem: McDonald's Will Take Your Empty Beer Cans in Exchange for Burgers
Silver Fox in Tux Shoots at Couple Who Interrupted Oral Sex in Park
Man Jerked Off Into Coworker's Coffee, Hoping She Would Notice Him
'This is nothing like Footloose,' says principal who cancelled dance and banned twerking
Seat recline fight diverts another flight
Two Elementary School Children Charged With Felonies For Peeling Bark From a Tree (X-Post r/BadCopNoDonut)
AT&T: Cities should never offer Internet service where Iris already do or might later
Ex-NFL Player Hired By HuffPo To Cover National Security Says He's No Longer A 9/11 Truther
Armed robber claims he raided sex toy store to 'feed his children'
Call Islamic State QSIS instead, says globally influential Islamic authority
'Duck Dynasty' Star Phil Robertson's Plan For ISIS Is To 'Convert Them Or Kill Them' - The Huffington Post
How to use iOS 7.1.2 Bypass iCloud Activation Lock for your iPhone 5s | iphone,ipad and ipod JailBreak Updatesiphone,ipad and ipod JailBreak Updates
Josh Gordon takes job as car saleman
Friends beaten by bachelorette party angry over errant hotdog
Josh Gordon will reportedly spend the NFL season working as a car salesman
Person dressed as Mickey Mouse involved in road rage attack
Right-Wing Columnist: Ice Bucket Challenge Is A 'Satanic Ritual'
Leaked Nude Photos of Jennifer Lawrence & Kate Upton to be Displayed by Los Angeles Artist in Upcoming Exhibit
Governor Accidentally Tweets Sexy Photo of Lady in Bondage Gear
Blaine man faces sex charges for contaminating co-worker's coffee, desk
Port Authority cop told to 'shut up' after questioning gridlock during Bridgegate
Man Admits to Ejaculating in Coworker's Coffee Cup
Homeless Man Sells Television Show Based On His Cardboard Sign
DJs Now Deliberately Making Mistakes To Prove They Are Real DJs
Man Gets New Job
Josh Gordon will sell cars during his NFL suspension
Police: 3 say they were held hostage, actually on meth
The Cook Shop in Old Hill near Halesowen closes
Virginia Principal arrested for assault and battery with a bag of pretzels
Former employee sues alleging racism at Huntsville defense contractor, claims office used toilet paper with Obama's image
More racism on Washington Ave? 'Black girls' restaurant check creates an uproar, fuels area's rep
Korean soldier killed five comrades after being 'humiliated' by their SpongeBob Squarepants pictures of him
Topeka will consider banning public nudity
Woman gets arrested for doing drugs in the parking lot of county jail.
Clown fired from Tennessee fair after taunting black family with racist comments
Teenager stuck in child's swing for three hours.
Jennifer Lawrence And Kate Upton's Nude Pictures Will Be Displayed In An Art Gallery In Florida
Leaked nudes of Jennifer Lawrence and Kate Upton to be displayed at 'Fear Google' art show
Icky Solution to Diaper Waste: Grow Mushrooms on Them
Friends beaten by bachelorette party angry over errant hot dog
City mandates free medical marijuana for low-income residents
BAND-AID Brand Announces Partnership With Designer Isaac Mizrahi
Armed border militia confronts conservationists counting bats
Suge Knight Doesn't Really Care Who Shot Him Six Times
Malaysia Airlines scraps 'bucket list' promo title
Swedish hockey fans delay match with dildo downpour.
Olympia man developing gay bunny video game
Joan Rivers dies at age 81
A Student Told Her Professor She Won't Be Attending Class Because It's Beyoncé's Birthday
Guy Jerks Off Into Coworker's Coffee In The Hope She Would Notice Him
Drug War Mass Graves In Mexico Are Making The Country 'Resemble Swiss Cheese'
Woman Impaled in Buttocks while Texting and Driving
Living near Walmart means you are probably fat, study sort of says
Too dangerous? Cartwheels banned at Coast school
Pasco teen charged with attempted murder visited 'Slender Man' sites
High school grounds crew mows artificial turf field
Arizona rape victim (24yo man) has to pay child support for daughter he didn't know existed
Getting Drunk at America's Finest Chain Restaurants
Lauderdale's first Bacon Bash being held on Yom Kippur
Football's lord of the manor bans hunting on his nine acres
Woman accused of shoplifting $144 in eye shadow
Rabid Raccoon Bites 88-Year-Old Woman Who Mistook It for Cat
Kanye West to leave U.S. over racism
Cardboard license plate fails to fool trooper
Who said it: A 'Duck Dynasty' star or an ISIS militant?
Man With Upside-Down Head Is An Inspirational Success Story
FBI working with game developer association to combat online harassment
EXODUS Fan Arrested for Posting Band's Lyrics On Facebook
Man admits to ejaculating into coworker's coffee to get her attention
Singing Apes Serenade Zoo
'Duck Dynasty' Star Phil Robertson Explains How He'd Fight Islamic State
99.999% certainty humans are driving global warming: new study
The Duck Caliphate Of Phil Robertson
Man accused of pulling out womens teeth with pliers during sex
Obama to do another Al Green impression?
81-year-old flasher arrested in Hernando
Towson student emails professor to cut class for Beyonce's birthday
Fan arrested for posting band lyrics to Facebook
Baby's Projectile Poop Ruins Father's Attempt at Loving Portrait
Fears of Victorian taxi shortage after only one cabbie passes new test
Man With Upside-Down Head Still Has High Hopes For Life
Idaho State University teacher accidentally shoots self in class
Mysterious Buttocks Grabber On The Loose At South Florida College Campus
Man arrested for posting lyrics to metal song on facebook.
Artist To Exhibit Jennifer Lawrence's Leaked Nudes As Art Because The World Is A Dark Place
Man Turns Dead Cat Into Helicopter
Florida city backs plan to buy one-way bus tickets for homeless
White Supremacists March against Anti-Semitism
The Ice Bucket Challenge Is A Satanic Ritual, Explains Troubled Writer
Facebook Plans 'Satire' Button To Help Identify Joke Articles
Top British university apologises after sending 'racist' Kung-Fu Panda email to students
Man Who Celebrated His Birthday with Loud Threesome Stabbed by Angry Roommate, Police Say
Jennifer Lawrence and Kate Upton Naked Pictures Featured in Art Show
Driver Makes U-Turn To Shoot Pedestrian He Almost Hit
Meanwhile, our governor is pretending to live on minimum wage for a week.
Oregon woman ignited massive fire for 'bored' firefighters, heads to prison
California city mandates free medical marijuana for low-income residents
Which is better: coffee or an electric shock to the head?
The Lebanese ice bucket challenge has morphed into burning Islamic State flags
Man gropes, pulls pants off U.S. Marshal during jog
Russia bans import of Ukrainian candy
Malta play Linkin Park's 'Numb' instead of National Anthem
Black Waiter Suspended For Writing 'Black Girls' On Receipt For Black Girls
US vets find 43 socks in sick dog
Woman called Crispi starts fire with bacon
Giant LED screen in Lanzhou displays porn for 12 minutes
KFC has launched fried chicken USB stick in its continuing mission to make Kentucky fried everything by 2020
News 'HAMMAS' License Plates Draw Complaint From New York State DMV
DMV Cracks Down On "HAMMAS" License Plate Spotted In Brooklyn
Drink driver hid keys 'up bottom'
UK economy boosted by proceeds from prostitution and drugs
Malta's national anthem replaced with Linkin Park's Numb at Slovakia match
Ooops! Austrian students given exam with answers already filled in.
This College Student Will Carry Around Her Dorm Mattress Until Her Alleged Rapist Is Punished
Malta national anthem changed for Linkin Park's Numb
Syria TV: FC Barcelona part of anti-Assad plot representing arm smuggling routes
400 kilos of cocaine found on Paris Hilton's family ranch
'Giant Granny roaming Limerick streets
400-Kilo Drug Bust at Paris Hilton's Family Ranch in Cañas
Russian State TV Airs 'Video Game Poster,' Claims It's U.S. Propaganda
City settles with Brooklyn men arrested by NYPD cops who confused Jolly Rancher candies for crystal meth
NCAA: Auriemma call to Mo'ne a violation
Lousy War-on-Terror Arguments Used to Justify Preemptive Strike Against Neighbors
Man Divorces Wife Over Her 'Excessive And Insatiable Desire' For Sex
Florida Restaurant Bans Ketchup For Any Customer Over Age 10
Man accused of pulling teeth during sex named
'Twerking' cancels homecoming dance at Mount Anthony Union High School
Minnesota hardware store employee was arrested after confessing that he has masturbated on a coworkers desk and ejaculated on it and in her coffee because he wanted her "to notice him".
Brazilian Woman Accidentally Inseminated With Cow Semen
An LG Exec Was Caught Allegedly Damaging Samsung Washing Machines At A Berlin Shopping Mall
Penn State student deemed squirrel whisperer
Some Koreans use fake casts for pretending to have an injured arm to evade having to help prepare holiday meals
Man jailed for phoning and texting ex-girlfriend 21,807 times
Shaquille O'Neal Applies to Join Reserve Police Force in Florida
Seattle man offers Weezer $10 million to break up; band says they'll do it for double
Man stabs his brother in the neck with a hunting knife in a fight in their mother's basement because he dumped Cheetos on his brother's bed.
Award-Winning High School Marching Band Practice Shut Down After Fed-Up Neighbors Call Cops
Michigan man wins right to have 'WAR SUX' on his license plate
Metal fan jailed for 8 days due to controversial lyric posting on Facebook.
Falling gargoyle kills bride-to-be in Chicago
WARRENSBURG BANS BREASTFEEDING NEAR POOLS FOR FEAR OF CONTAMINATING WATER KIDS PEE IN ALL DAY
Meet the Girl Who's Crowdfunding Her Abortion
Starbucks' iOS app lets you hail an Uber to get your caffè latte
Russia to sue Ukraine over damages in Rostov Region estimated at $1 billion
Woman Killed By Falling Piece Of Gargoyle Statue Outside Church
Burn Isis Flag Challenge' Goes Viral in Arab World
Egyptian Political Scientist: The Jews Must Return the Gold They Stole from Egypt during the Exodus
Jeans face an uncertain future amid yoga wear rage
Florida restaurant bans ketchup for anyone over 10 years old
Man Helps Elderly Woman Rescue Cats, Then Stabs Her To Death: Cops
Vermont school cancels Homecoming dance due to 'twerking' concerns
Java-Heads Rejoice! They Sequenced the Coffee Genome
Nobody in America Trusts Anyone, Says New Study
Growing Pressure on Obama to Do Something Stupid
Cyber Wingmen Don't Work
Texas Supreme Court Approvingly Cites Movie About Pot-Smoking And Porn
Zoning bylaws force Zoé Zebra's sex marathon with 25 men tonight to move from RV behind Gatineau bar
Bungay Town: Non-league club to hand out mushrooms to fans
I'm sexually attracted to my fiance! Should I feel guilty?
Deaf man beaten by police for not following verbal orders, charged with 'resisting arrest'
Discarded toy gun box puts New York high school into full lockdown for 3+ hours
Kanye West plays basketball next to a group of elderly women exercising
Leaked nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton to be showcased at art gallery
Artist intends to display hacked Jennifer Lawrence nudes in Florida art exhibit
Engine Fire Damages Tulsa Fire Truck
Raped at gunpoint by father in law, clerics order to treat her husband as her son
10 Reasons The Cleveland Browns Will Win The AFC North
Update: After A 4-Day Hunt, Albino Cobra Is Caught In L.A. Suburb
Republican's Male-Only Fundraiser Invite: "Tell the Misses Not to Wait Up"
After nude celebrity hacking, Apple's Tim Cook says company will improve security
Texas daycare center accused of withholding water to keep diapers dry
Ailing Great Dane in Oregon packed his belly with 43.5 socks
I think this belongs here. Floating Baby Spa.
Texas Supreme Court Rejects Second-Class Status for Online Speech, Finds Internet Speech Injunctions Violate the First Amendment
Robot couch can drive you to the fridge and back
The Brazilian with the upside down head
Afraid Of Twerking, Vermont High School Cancels Dance
With New Movie, Dan Rather Still Claiming 60 Minutes Bush Story 'Fake, But Accurate'
27 Year-Old Married Banker Pays $81,000 To Kiss Actress Elizabeth Hurley
The London School of Economics, one of Britain's top universities, had to apologise after sending out an email to its students, 30% of whom are Asian, with the test name "Aa-Kung Fu, Panda Tiger".
Angry beaver attacks man on Nova Scotia's Eastern Shore
Nude Stephen Harper portrait is better than we ever imagined
Walmart Shoplifter Takes $85 Worth Of Mayonnaise, Leaves Baby Behind
Lions' Ndamukong Suh has 'no clue' if he wants more than J.J. Watt
Kevin McCarthy Doesn't Want the Government's Marshmallow Roasting Advice
Space lizard sex experiment ends in tragedy
Sir David Attenborough 'On the Hunt for the Yeti '
Vicious beaver attacks Halifax snorkeler off Nova Scotia's coast
Police Officers Shoot Emu to Protect WWII Veteran
Team Fortress 2 poster mistaken for US propaganda on Russian state television
Suspected Car Thief Ditches Sports Car Because He Couldn't Handle A Stick Shift
Washington state hunter mistakenly stabs himself with arrow
After 739 Success Plastic Surgeries, How Did Joan Rivers Die?
Microsoft can't Sell destiny on Xbox Ones... So they are advertising Destiny Fragrances.
Parents' house seized after son's drug bust
Breivik wants to create fascist political party 'to prevent massacres'
Texas daycare center accused of withholding water from children to keep diapers dry
A 'crazy crow' is tormenting the people of a Co Louth village
Alex Stone arrested after U.S. teen wrote about shooting pet dinosaur
Some UK ISIS Militants Got Nicknamed 'The Beatles,' and Ringo Is Pissed
Japanese high schools play 50-inning baseball game that lasts four days
Mother plans lawsuit after video of her daughter assaulting pro-life teen goes viral
WHO: Use Ebola survivors' blood to treat patients
The Pentagon is Giving Grenade Launchers to Campus Police
Loreena McKennitt appointed honorary colonel of the Royal Canadian Air Force
Woman killed by falling gargoyle in Chicago
Teen Dies in Umbrella Accident
SCDOT holding public input meeting on an island inaccessible by public transit
Gravedigger In Critical Condition After Falling Into Freshly Dug Plot
NC man accused of selling crushed Pop-Tart to undercover agent; said it was cocaine
New York law protects big cats; bans 'tiger selfies'
Detroit fire department has alert system made of pop cans, doorbells
This Girl Is Getting Major Hate for Crowdfunding Her Abortion
Russian news mistakes video game poster for U.S. propaganda
Oklahoma Woman Claims Spaghetti Strainer As Religious Headwear In License Picture
Jay Gruden quotes Gucci Mane lyrics to Redskins players
Angry Joan Rivers' fans have taken to Yelp to trash the clinic that 'killed her'
Hypoallergenic nuts to solve nut allergies
Serial Butt-Grabber on Florida International University Campus: Police
People are calling the Isis day spa in Regina and asking how it is affiliated with the ISIS terrorists in Iraq
Louisiana cop resigns after urging colleagues to 'pull a Ferguson' on 'African monkeys'
British jihadists want to come home, say they made 'mistake'
Principal cancels homecoming dance because of Miley Cyrus twerking
SEPTEMBER 4, 2014 Chemist Demonstrates Liquid Nitrogen Edition of ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
Chemist Demonstrates Liquid Nitrogen Edition of ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
Does Wearing a Bra Cause Cancer? New Study Says No
Jeans on the decline as Americans give up and just wear yoga pants
Poor food slowing growth in Inuit kids; almost half shorter than average: study
Town Becomes a Beer Ad, but Residents Don't Feel Like a Party
Cognac, cigars and Facebook inside Montreal jail
Killer ex-doctor Guy Turcotte: Jail a waste of time
Not exactly a rapt audience
'Duck Dynasty' star urges Christians to convert atheist friends with Nicolas Cage movie
Shaquille O'Neal Applies to Be Police Officer in Doral, Florida
Man Jailed for Selling iPhone Moved to Jail's Mental Ward
Man Spends 8 Days in Jail for Posting Metal Lyrics on Facebook
Californians camp overnight for Dunkin' Donuts debut
Muslim launches Peppa Pig ban campaign after son announces he wants to be a hog.
Guy Eats A Chipotle Burrito A Day For 100 Days To Help His Frat Bro Who Has Cancer (Video)
Reddit's The Fappening Users Employ CSI Tactics to Identify Photos
Artist plans to showcase stolen Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton photos in gallery exhibition
Muslims Against Peppa Pig: Facebook Campaign Launched to Ban Popular Cartoon
Catholic League: Gays 'Can't Keep Their Pants On,' May Masturbate In St. Pat's Parade
Kerry Says It Is Our Biblical 'Duty' To Protect Muslim Countries Against Climate Change
Idaho Professor Accidentally Shoots Himself While Teaching Class
Unhappy ending after police bust Logan prostitution racket
Man stabbed during dispute over meatball in Fallston
Muslim parent starts campaign to have Peppa Pig banned
BJJ academies prepare for flood of Beliebers
St. Louis Park drops swimming lessons following drowning
Häagen-Dazs Says It Won't Use Fake DNA in Ice Cream
Rapper Andre Johnson speaks: I cut off my penis because sex is for mortals and I am a god
West Hartford Police Bust Hookah Hooker
Sex marathon 'absolutely' still happening Friday
Detroit Satanists say they won't sacrifice animals, people
Weh-he-hell, let me tell you somethin': through various sites, events, parties, and corner store meetings, I found myself with over a hundred men who were chomping at the bit to get with this. I was the one who had to sift through and pick the hottest of the hot. Ladies, over a hundred.
Joan Rivers Death: Fans Link Comedian's Demise to Beyoncé And Illuminati
TRUTH OR FICTION? Still shot from movie Sholay (Bollywood movie) shown as Gaza victims by Al Jazeera
Texting Anxiety Caused by Little Bubbles
FIFA Financial Watchdog Member Arrested After Corruption Allegations
Detroit's Under-Funded Fire Departments Use a Soda Can For a Fire Alarm
Rob Ford says he'll be mayor for 14 more years
Suspected drunk driver drives to police station
Breivik attempts to start 'fascist' party from prison
Car crash victim wakes up from coma speaking fluent Chinese
Feeling lonely in China? Taobao offers 'virtual girlfriend service'
Kanye West keeps his 21 Grammy Awards in a sock drawer in his laundry room
California Supreme court ruling: You must verbally declare the right to remain silent.
Your Right to Remain Silent Means You're Guiltier Than Ever
Porsche Carrera GT worth $440,000 left neglected in Canadian parking garage (X-post r/VeryExpensive)
Woman killed by falling gargoyle statue
Former Monaca Councilman Creates Fleet Of Toilet Bowl Tricycles To Protest Town
Teen Inspired by 'Slender Man' Set House on Fire
Porsche Carrera GT worth $440,000 left neglected in Canadian parking garage
U.S. Government Wants Kim Dotcom's Cash and Cars
Top 10 Most Hated People in the U.S.
Destiny, the New Fragrance by Xbox
Boy Killed Anally When Office Chair Explodes
Betty White is not dead
No campaigners plead with Farage to stay away from Scotland after he announces plans to hold pro-union rally.
Gene Simmons declares rock music is dead
Man smuggles 90 exotic animals in suitcase
Put whatever picture up, doesn't matter, people don't know what blue whales look like.
California Blue Whales population recovering
GENE SIMMONS: 'ROCK IS FINALLY DEAD'
Boy, 9, steals and crashes Saskatoon city bus
9-year-old boy steals, crashes city bus
Merkel: Germany no place for anti-Semitism
Worcester parents invade their kids bus, attack driver after they are "taken hostage" for five minutes.
Hindu Mob Attacks Feminists Gathered In a Park to Discuss Women's Security In Public Spaces
Video gamers to be offered college scholarships in US
Cops: Cashier Pulled Gun In Soy Sauce Beef
Naked pics link to internet problems
California to be first US state to ban plastic bags
Detroit' under-funded fire departments use a soda can for a fire alarm.
Sunny Northwest day stuns ISS astronaut
Syrian conflict: Assad forces 'hit IS-run bakery'
ISIS Teaches Children How to Behead in Training Camps
GUY GETS GLUED TO TOILET SEAT AND GOES BALLISTIC!!!
Space Station Defies Humans, Launches Satellites Without Permission
Apple fans queue up weeks before next iPhone launch
Putin's Possessed by Satan, Says Ukrainian Clergyman
Fla. teen with Slender Man obsession sets fire to home with family inside
Pro-Wrestlers Put On Show for Baffled North Koreans
Chinese Supersonic Submarine Could go 3,600 MPH, in Theory
Furious Obama Says Calls to Putin Going Straight to Voicemail (X-post from r/russia)
Mayor: Adult Illegal Aliens With 'Graying' Hair Enrolled in Public Schools
Also, Ben Stein is nostalgic for when "lynchings of African Americans weren't rare"
Destiny the Fragrance Revealed by Microsoft
After cop's viral Obama rant, town seeks ban on videos
Alabama prisoners, even those with a history of self harm, have unlimited access to razor blades
A Florida Woman Named 'Cherries Waffles Tennis' Was Arrested For Fraud
Americans look to Jesus for diet
The Economist Retracts a Book Review Complaining That a Historical Account of Slavery Depicted Slaves as 'Victims'
Kung Fu Panda email error sparks LSE apology
Teacher Raped Gay Teen To 'Make Him Hate Men'
Your property is guilty until proven innocent.
Frat Kids Attempt to Passionately Defend their Party Zone
Scientists Fear There May Never Be a Cure for Liking Sonic the Hedgehog
IRS eyes tax on Silicon Valley's free lunches
US Institute of Peace recommends a larger US military and bigger defense budget
Microsoft can't advertise Destiny on Xbox, so it's created this fragrance instead
Beijing-bound flight returns to US after 'parental kidnapping'
A Texas Judge Cited 'The Big Lebowski' In A Legal Decision
Woman Posts Weight Loss Photos to Show What "Too Skinny" Looks Like
Fake links to nude celebrities crash New Zealand Internet
Barely a drop of water: Los Gatos nudist colony running dry in California drought
Zimbabwe: Go Back to England, Mugabe Tells Whites
Fake links to nude photos cause nationwide Internet crash in New Zealand
CNN Tried to Rent an Actual, Real-Life 777 Jetliner For Its Never-Ending MH370 Coverage
Man Admits To Ejaculating In Coworker's Coffee As Way To Win Her Affection
McCain Rips Obama's Failure to Bomb Stonehenge
Human Children Grow Up So Slowly Due to Large Brains, Study Finds
A US-based publishing company has released a Anti-Terrorism Coloring Book to Teach Kids about the crimes of the ISIS
Man born with upside-down head has defied the odds
Nan bread: Diner claims he spotted his late grandmother's profile in curry house naan
Member of FIFAs financial watchdog arrested for money laundering
Jack the Ripper unmasked: How amateur sleuth used DNA breakthrough to identify Britain's most notorious criminal 126 years after string of terrible murders
Man taken to hospital after fight over sandwich
Girl sets home on fire while mother and brother are sleeping to please Slender Man.
Family finds wrong body in casket at viewing in West Palm Beach
Meet Zelda, the unlikely 'Dear Abby' of NSA
Women charged with pulling knife on 3 people after they interrupted her while she was peeing on the sidewalk.
Religious Sites Carry More Malware Than Porn Sites, Security Firm Reports
Man with upside down head becomes public speaker.
Cameroon grapples with ban on plastics bags
Slender Man Obsession Leads Florida teen to set Fire to own home
No One Likes The Dalai Lama Anymore
Children Protest Removal of Alligator From Rancho Cucamonga Home
Counting on Cannabis to Build Buzz: Medical Marijuana Tie-In for the New Film 'Tusk'
Huffington Post hires ex-NFL player, 9/11 'truther' Donte Stallworth to cover national security
Burglar Offers To Mow Lawn If Homeowners Let Him Go: Cops
Beaver attacks Halifax snorkeler off Nova Scotia's coast
Beyonce Does Interpretive Yoga To Express Gratitude For Birthday Wishes
Morgan Freeman lands malfunctioning plane four times en route to Toronto Film Festival
MasterChef finalist Josh Marks commits suicide, believes Gordon Ramsay possessed him.
99% of Sweden's waste reused, more imported from other European countries
Teacher Allegedly Locked Kids in Closet to Teach Them "How to Survive
Over a Dozen New Cops Go On Violent Drunken Rampage Immediately Following Graduation
Top 10 War Movies of All Time
Web Design & Development: Staying Profitable of Web Design
Man Jailed for Bombarding Ex-Girlfriend with over 21, 000 Texts, Calls
Plane turns back to Dulles so FBI can arrest mom in parental kidnapping case
Alleged Bank Robber Arrested When Stolen Cash Falls Out of His Pants
British IS fighters 'want to return to UK' after regretting joining jihad in Syria
Nine-Year-Old Steals City Bus in central Saskatchewan, Canada after finding the vehicle idling on the street.
New kid at school forced to wear 'shame suit' for dress code violation
"(H)owever ugly and messy, freedom of expression is not free if it doesn't include the right to offend." - Charles C. Haynes, senior scholar at the First Amendment Center.
Israeli Police: Messianic Prostitution Ring Nabbed
Wash. mechanic leaves envelope containing resume, child pornography in woman's car
Police: Mechanic left child porn in vehicle
Free Marijuana For Low-Income Residents Under New Berkeley Law in California
St. Louis police offer to fingerprint all the children of Ferguson
A judge who moves a drunken-driving trial from his courtroom to a local high school each year as a cautionary tale to students is now himself charged with the offense.
Judge drove drunk, police say(X-post from /r/news)
Atlanta Hawks owner reports himself for racist E-mail; is now selling team.
Video Captures Mother with Alzheimer's Suddenly Remembering Her Daughter
Now You Can Drink Champagne From Kate Moss's Boob
Man attempts to hug lion. (No idea if a repost)
The TSA has a heartwarming propaganda video for your children!
Truth Commission: Lake Monster Does Exist
Man ejaculates in woman's coffee as a way to win her affection
Jeans face uncertain future amid yoga wear rage
The Economist Admits Slavery Was Pretty 'Evil' After All
Woman Claims Spaghetti Strainer as Religious Headwear in Driver's License Photo
Police Dismantle Responsible Party
Brazilian man born with 'upside-down' head defies odds to become public speaker
New Zealand internet brought down by people trying to view naked pictures of Jennifer Lawrence
Florida teen jailed for refusing to go to school
Lifetime of burritos to anyone who helps find a vandal
Police Say Drunk Vermont Woman had Child Drive Car
VA hospital may have infected 1,800 veterans with HIV - CNN.com
Blind Man Sues City of Santa Barbara After Falling Off Wharf
India monkey showers people with stolen banknotes in Shimla
GOP outraged at suggestion to replace chocolate with fruit in s'mores.
Police dismantle responsible party (x-post /r/pics)
Mars rover Curiosity caught watching martian clouds drift by. No scientific focus.
Sarasota votes to ship homeless away
Do you make $400,000 a year but feel broke?
GEICO accused of promoting bestiality with pig mascot
Oklahoma woman takes driver's license photo with religious symbol Oklahoma woman takes driver's license photo with religious symbol (Colander)
Olive Garden: $100 for 7 weeks of pasta
Jack the Ripper apparently 'identified'
Palestinian Author Jihad Al-Rajabi: Blood of Mujahideen Makes Gaza Soil More Fertile
McDonald's Sign Falls On Two Occupied Cars In Oklahoma
Mẹo trị mất ngủ
People's belief in free will is lower when they need to urinate or desire sex (Xpost from r/psychology)
Some unable to leave town turned Bud Light set
iPhone Screenshot of Mark van der games
People's belief in free will is lower when they need to urinate or desire sex
Japanese Farmer Grows Butt-Shaped Watermelon
Stephen Hawking: God particle could wipe out the universe
Duo pose with deceased friend for memoriable selfie
8-Year-Old Girl Tased by Cops: State Attorney Claims It Was The Best Option
NZ pupils struggling to speak
Duo pose for selfies with OD'ed friend, post pictures to Facebook and get arrested
Morgan Freeman lands malfunctioning plane on the way to film premiere
US radio hosts: Same-sex marriage will cause straight men to cheat on their wives with gays
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe: 'US President Barack Obama is Afraid of Me'
Online customer gets body bag for posting poor rating
Cities Find Google Fiber Networks Giving Them Too Much Speed
Local police dept. receives surplus aircraft carrier from Pentagon
Iran's supreme leader undergoes prostate surgery
Surgery on ailing Great Dane yields 43 ½ socks
Windows 9 to Launch as Just Windows, More Confusion Than Ever
Lakers' new head coach Byron Scott imagines new role for Kobe Bryant on team
Pajama-Clad 9-Year-Old Steals City Bus
'The Most Expensive GIF of All Time' Is Being Sold for $5,800
Barack Obama Could Be Facing 10 Years to Life in Prison
TF2 fan art mistaken as US propaganda on Russian television
Bizarre! Girl Marry Dog To Ward Off Evil Spirits
'Why didn't hackers try and find naked selfies of me?' Dame Helen Mirren
Russia reopens criminal cases against Lithuanians who refused to serve in Soviet army
Helen Mirren: 'Why didn't hackers try find naked selfies of me?'
Mushrooms 'double' football crowd
Fappening creator on Reddit shutdown
The American family makes $200 more a year than it did in 1989
These 11 Unfortunate Dogs Learned The Hard Way Not To Eat Bees. Ouch.
Nine-year-old boy steals Saskatoon city bus, smashes second bus and parked car
Brothel owner helped seal Nevada's Tesla deal
South Carolina man calls "base" on police after chase
Boy wants girl - but girl delivers Hamilton riot
Watch your sinuses, everyone.
Fran Drescher Marries Email Inventor
The Columbia Student Carrying a Mattress Everywhere Says Reporters Are Triggering Rape Memories
Reddit user made famous off celeb nude photos wants his privacy back
British women join ISIS police force responsible for punishing Muslims who break strict sharia law
Israeli police bust 'messianic' prostitution ring
Giant inflatable slide turns into real-world 'Katamari Damacy' horror
US Institute of Peace recommends a larger US military and defense budget
MILF believes draft Bangsamoro Basic Law will survive Congress
China Media: Mooncake Corruption
High School Girl Taunted, Beaten At Bus Stop For Acting 'Too Much Like A White Person'
Olive Garden never ending pasta pass
Olive Garden Offers 7 Weeks of Never-Ending Pasta, Breadsticks for $100
Woman accused of using Facebook while driving is charged with homicide
Local TN police dept. receives surplus aircraft carrier from Pentagon
Farmer sets up zip wire for pigs
Miley Cyrus's sculptures to be exhibited in New York
Helen Mirren - "I love to twerk"
Bearded Man Says He Probably Won't Chug An Entire Bottle Of Jack Ever Again
Ben Askren recounts the time Johny Hendricks fingered Tyron Woodley in college
ISIS Movements Near West Virginia Being Monitored
Wash. state megachurch closes branches after founder is caught calling women 'penis homes'
Virginia man's claim on African land is unlikely to pass test
GOP's Obamacare Nightmare Is Coming True: It's Working
2 California judges who had sex in their chambers disciplined
Durex is not confirming or denying rumors of a "pumpkin spice" condom
Detroit firefighters use soda cans and fax machines to find out when there's an emergency
Civil Suit Claims CarSense Fired Employee For Not Being Religious Enough
US, allies 'liberate town' in military exercise
People are calling the Isis day spa in Regina, Canada and asking how it is affiliated with the ISIS terrorists in Iraq
Regina, Canada hair salon and spa sticking with Isis name
Handsome Men Have Poorer Sperm Quality, New Study Shows
Megachurch Prick Mark Driscoll: Women Are Homes for Penises
Legoland to Be Least Ridiculous Theme Park Slated for Dubai's World Expo Complex
Chicago actress dies after being struck by tree
Ray Rice Cut By The Baltimore Ravens, Suspended Indefinitely By NFL After Elevator Video Leak
I had a sexual relationship with a dolphin
Amazon Drops The Price Of The Fire Phone To 99 Cents
Panera Bread asks customers to leave guns at home
Justin Trudeau may be the next big thing - but Stephen Harper's still Nickelback
One Direction's Fourth Album Will Be Called 'Four' Because It Doesn't Matter
Police: Rockland man steals Dunkin' Donuts sign after being denied sandwich
Inside Capitol Hill's black market: Snacks
Fort Lauderdale asks Las Olas pedestrians to wave safety flags at drivers
New law in Gambia imposes life sentence for "aggravated homosexuality."
Dolphin's Love for Human Ended in Suicide
Arrested Man Orders Pizzas To Police Station
ISIS Tweets Call for Assassination of Twitter Employees
Arrested man uses his phone call to order five pizzas to police station under officer's name... and now faces identity theft charges as well
The World's Smallest Woman Has Been Cast on 'American Horror Story'
Wake teacher apologizes after comparing school to concentration camp
The U.S. needs to get serious about defense spending
NYPD Pays $33,000 Settlement for Confusing Jolly Ranchers With Crystal Meth
Cherries Waffles Tennis Arrested In Jupiter, Florida
AT&T and Verizon say 10Mbps is too fast for "broadband," 4Mbps is enough
George Clooney Uses Nespresso Money for Satellite to Spy on Sudan Dictator
Woman Arrested For Using Vibrator On Baby
Ray Rice Cashes On Domestic Violence Elevator Video Released By TMZ
Nutter Agrees to Sign Law Softening Marijuana Laws in Philadelphia
Olive Garden offers 7 weeks of unlimited pasta for $100
Evangelical megachurch begins closing branches after pastor calls women "penis homes"
Deputies: Woman accused of breaking in to home, biting victim's face, calling it 'zombie game'
Yelp Now Has Court Permission to Change Business Ratings for Money.
Denzel Washington: I'm Interested In Being The Next James Bond.
Denzel Washington launches campaign to play James Bond.
Police: Repair Shop Employees Were Speeding In Squad Cars
Man accused in police chase crashed, ran then stopped to play with cats
I Got Cocaine Blown Up My Ass So You Don't Have To
Inspiring! This Teen Only Masturbates To Pre-Photoshopped Images Of Models And Actresses
Woman bit by rat in rare attack while waiting for train at MTA station
4 Ways CRM Software Can Improve Customer Retention Rates
Squirrel-kicker investigation at an impasse
Texas Governor Perry's lawyers invoke Louis XIV to dismiss charges
George Clooney uses his Nespresso commercial earnings to track warlord via satellite. (xpost from /r/TIL)
Kenyan leader's carjacked motorcade vehicle found
Confusion as to Which Countries the USA is Bombing
Wilkes-Barre Area adopts anti-nepotism policy Board member's father hired same night
Maryland man stabbed colleague who stole meatball from his lunch
HOW TO FLIRT WITHOUT BEING PREDATORY
Microsoft Paid $400 Million For NFL Teams To Use Surface Tablets And A Fox Announcer Called Then iPads
Why The Earth Is Farting (Opinion) - CNN.com
Thousands Of Foreigners Leave Japan As Women Stop Sleeping With Them
crazy woman goes nude across newyork city in protest against the police inaction towards her rapist
Just five gangs in Nigeria are behind most Craigslist buyer scams
Marie complained about barber shop prices: No matter is too small, to be discrimination.
Russia is Suing Ukraine for $1 Billion for War Damages
Hagg Lake drowning: Gaston man who posted warning signs receives $5,000 ticket
Duchess of Cambridge pregnant: TUC leader Frances O'Grady speech on class system cut off by royal baby newsflash
Stephen Hawking bemoans "fundamental errors" made by internet body ICANN, says new domain names (gTLDs) could be "the death" of the internet
Bored child faceplants on sofa while his parents talk to Obama in the Oval Office
Girl makes boyfriend T-shirt to warn off women in Ibiza
84-year-old Toronto man charged with stunt driving
1954 PHOTOS SHOW STONEHENGE BEING BUILT | Blogging/Citizen Journalism
Hot Tub Cinema coming to Bristol
BBC Breaks TUC leader Frances O'Grady Speech on Class With Royal Baby Newsflash
Chocolate teapot proves useful
Petition to remove "Dolphin Rape Cave" from the hallway on the 6th floor of the photo building
Russian propaganda movie being made about Russian propaganda
Top 10 Lone Survivors of Plane Crashes
Dutch artist turns his dead cat into a radio controlled helicopter
Thieves strip 1500kg of avocados from trees near Barmera property in South Australian Riverland
Man in Kentucky goes camping and sleepwalks off a cliff
Boyfriend of woman killed by chunk of gargoyle sues church
Norway to rent Dutch prisons to cut convict queue
School Labels Chapstick 'Over-The-Counter Drug,' Demands Students Bring Doctor's Note
Boko Haram wants to set up African caliphate, ISIS offers advice on strategy
These super-hip millennials want you to vote Republican, because #responsibility
Petrol station robbers do take 'no' for an answer
Fox & Friends Joke about Rice Video: 'The Message Is: Take the Stairs'
German waiter breaks world beer-carrying record by carrying 27 full mugs
Falling gargoyle statue kills woman in Chicago
Councilman Makes Joke About Ray Rice Domestic Violence.
Detroit Fire Departments Make Do With Soda Can Alarms
Ray Rice Faces More Backlash After Trying To Cash In On TMZ Elevator Video
Shopper: Bananas high in potassium, spider eggs
'Fox & Friends' hosts joke about Ray Rice video: 'The message is, take the stairs'
Sparta woman arrested after breaking in, wanting to cuddle with man
Maryland's helmets and uniforms will feature the lyrics to 'The Star-Spangled Banner.'
Karl Lagerfeld's Siamese Cat Launches Cosmetics Line
Surprising Pictures: Wild "Cat" Rides on Rhino
Couple plunges to their deaths while taking selfie...
Mel Brooks leaves 11-finger handprint (x-post)
Mel Brooks leaves 11-finger handprints
International Space Station accidentally launches satellites on its own
DiGiorno Interrupts Serious Conversation About Domestic Violence To Sell Pizza
DiGiorno is really, really sorry about its tweet accidentally making fun of domestic violence
US Forbids The European Law Enforcement Agency From Releasing European Documents To European Officials
Georgia Senator Complains That Voting Is Too Convenient For Black People
'Dating Naked' Jessie Nizewitz Sues VH1 for Showing Her Naked
Woman attacks dad's lady friend over dispute over taco money
New Royal Baby Already Under Pressure to Keep U.K. From Split
WSJ video: "Do You Make $400,000 a Year But Feel Broke?"
Jack the Ripper revealed
After the weird success of Goat Simulator, what comes next?
Railroad commission believes Russia is behind anti-fracking.
Olive Garden's Pasta Pass - $100 for 7 weeks of unlimited pasta - leaves some hungry customers unsatisfied
Libyan parliament takes refuge in Greek car ferry
Fox Host On Alleged Ray Rice Video: Why Won't Obama Lead?
Private Prison Stocks Soar As Companies Cash In On Incarcerated Immigrants
Pentagon Official Doesn't Know Why Local Police Need The Bayonets Feds Gave Them
Joan Rivers Will Appear on Next Season of NBC's Celebrity Apprentice
Ginger Jihadis: Why Redheads are Attracted to Radical Islam
Reddit Declares Itself a 'Government'
Megachurch to close after pastor called women 'penis homes'
Ray Rice in 'Good Spirits' and 'Staying Strong for My Wife"
GPS-lacking Gundam gets lost on the streets of Taiwan, asks locals for directions
DiGiorno Aplogizes for Interrupting Domestic Violence Talk with Pizza Ad
Reason behind Detroit arsons? 'Pigeons don't smoke,' official testifies
Georgia Lawmaker Vows to End Early Voting Because Blacks Vote That Way
FDA Finds Thousands of Coors Light Beers Laced With Cocaine Nationwide; Production Will Stop For 30 Days For Investigation
Lena Dunham is plotting a feminist Archie reboot
Netflix will show perpetual 'loading' symbol Wednesday
Israel argues officer who beat Palestinian suffered more than victim
PCA sorry for saying England's Moeen Ali should take abuse as a compliment
Gwyneth Paltrow Converting To Judaism, Says She's 'The Original Jewish Mother'
Congressman: Reid runs the Senate "like a plantation"
Fleeing suspect stops to pet kittens, is caught by police
Iwata Asks: Miiverse Penis Drawing Detection Took Weeks to Develop
Co-Founder Of Elephant Rescue Crushed To Death By Elephant
Police: Man hid drugs in DARE lion
Author says Christian novel plagiarized, sex added.
Rob Ford is 'best mayor in Toronto history' says Mike Tyson
Israeli Cult Pimped Out Jewish Women to Non-Jews in Order to 'Save Israel'
Florida man pets cats in middle of police chase
Women Sick of "White People" in Brooklyn Force Neighbors Out at Gunpoint
Microsoft Near Deal to Buy Minecraft
N.Y. women tired of 'white people moving into the area' force tenants out at gunpoint: report
Cancer survivor taking giant testicle across U.S.
Marion Barber III Reportedly Flashed Loaded Handgun in Church
Pool Ball Becomes 'Pound Your Face Ball' in Dansville Bar Fight
NSFW Satan statue erected (and taken down) in East Vancouver
Girlfriend finds novel way to ward off potential love rivals on boyfriend's Ibiza trip
NC shooting suspect found hiding in clothes dryer
Police pulls over car with hand drawn license plates.
Mum finds eggs from 'world's deadliest spider' in her Tesco bananas
ISIS declares war on Twitter: Terror group warns employees they will be assassinated for closing down Islamist propaganda accounts
Bitcoin's Earliest Adopter Is Cryonically Freezing His Body to See the Future
iPhone 7: Essentially No Rumors on Any Upcoming Apple Phone After Revealing iPhone 6
Vietnamese Man Has Not Slept for 40 Years and Looks Okay - Still
Hope Elephants co-founder James Laurita killed by elephant
Bob Knight Unhurt in Cow Accident
Woman wears colander on her head for driver's license photo, calls it religious freedom
Atheist Must Swear To God or Leave US Air Force.
Louisiana man allegedly shot brother over $2 debt, police say
Mike Vick says "There's no room for that" regarding Ray Rice.
Swedish Manufacturer Announces Recall Of One Car For Tire Defect
Homemade Tank Powered by Game Boy Fights Wars of Future
Istanbul Demolishing 3 Skyscrapers to Preserve City Skyline
City crews remove Satan statue erected alongside busy Vancouver roadway.
Co-Founder Of Elephant Rehabilitation Facility Crushed To Death By Elephant
Co-Founder Of Elephant Care Center Killed By Elephant
Wyoming to Consider Buying an Aircraft Carrier
Sleepwalking man walks off cliff
Mike Tyson endorses Toronto mayor Rob Ford
Thieves steal 1500 kilos of avocados
Ghostly Grim Reaper Floating Over Cemeteries Spooks, Baffles Albuquerque Residents
Nude man bites police dog after wild car chase
ISIS Cat Photo Memes Attempt To Use Kittens As Propaganda For The Islamic State
Bubbles Carry a Lot of Weight: Texting Anxiety Caused by Little Bubbles
Couple takes a fatal selfie
S. Korean Puppet Military Accused of Speaking Ill of North's Dispatch of Cheerleading Squad
Same-sex marriage video detainees 'not homosexuals': forensic department
Karen Dilworth Suspected of Masturbating in Public on Motorcycle
Bored Kid At The White House Really Can't Be Bothered With The President
A Former Power Ranger Has Been Using His Stuntman Training To Rob Homes
San Diego Unified Got An Armored Vehicle Under Military Surplus Program
Artist cancels exhibition of nude pictures stolen from Jennifer Lawrence and Kate Upton - XVALA will instead show life-size naked pictures of himself
Mike Tyson endorses Rob 'best mayor' Ford's mayoral campaign. As some might say, that's methed up.
'human' mounts bid in New Hampshire House primary
Vancouver feminists up in arms over Naked Sushi
Mike Tyson endorses "best mayor" Rob Ford after city hall meeting
Wake Forest Backup QB Suspended Indefinitely After Drunk Driving His SUV Into The Middle Of The Quad On Saturday Night So He Could Go To Subway (xpost /r/cfb)
Wake Forest Backup QB Suspended Indefinitely After Drunk Driving His SUV Into The Middle Of The Quad On Saturday Night So He Could Go To Subway
Wedding DJ beaten to death for asking guests to wait for song
NBC Producer Arrested Over Secret Sex Tape Posted on Porn Website
Saudi Arabia to host regional counter-terror conference
Canadian Man Saves Baby Moose and Takes it to Tim Hortons
Female employee fired after discovering 'rape room' in comics shop
China May Have Undergone Some Kind of Coup
Ten tons of pigeon droppings in Tienen city hall
'Mommy's boy' MBLAQ Lee Joon spotted in cinema with mother
NBC News digital producer arrested after he allegedly secretly taped himself having sex with his girlfriend and uploaded the video to a porn site
Gummy bear penis shock turns parents sour
Keep Muslim men off garba venues to stop love jihad: BJP MLA - See more at: http://indianexpress.com/article/india/india-others/keep-muslim-men-off-garba-venues-to-stop-love-jihad/#sthash.JP8SXgbl.dpuf
Runaway goats invade train station in Spain
Albuquerque Man Dresses as Grim Reaper, Haunts Cemetery
Adam Levine wants 'iPhone burning,' tweets from iPhone
Dutch Girl Fakes a Trip to South East Asia on Facebook
North Korea Becomes The First Country to Land a Man on the- Wait, what?
Indiana Brewhouse Offers Microwaved Hot Dogs, Canned Soup To Comply With State Liquor Laws
Millenials Now Bringing Their Parents Along On Job Interviews
China tells Dalai Lama again to respect reincarnation
New Law Will Require $175 Permit To Wear A Costume In Times Square.
Man Butt-Dials 911 and Is Quickly Arrested for Drugs
GOPer Doubles Down On Excessive Black Voting Complaint: I Prefer 'Educated Voters'
Camper sleepwalks off cliff
Dutch Girl Fakes a Trip to South East Asia
Naked man bit police dog after high-speed chase in Prince Albert, department claims
Dutch boy turns his dead rat into flying rodent
Anti-Christian, Islamic Hackers Attack Kirk Cameron's 'Saving Christmas' Website
Justin Bieber Strips To His Boxers On Stage, Gets Booed
More US families own cats than stocks
Egypt: Men arrested over same-sex wedding 'test negative' for homosexuality
Russian Documentary Mistakes 'Team Fortress 2' Fan Art With WWI-Era Western Propoganda
Floyd Mayweather Jr. Says NFL Overreacted on Rice (Domestic Violence)
Are the New iPhones Too Big for Women's Hands?
GOP congressman calls firing gay people one of the 'freedoms we enjoy'
The next BIG thing is here. Unleash the power of apple's ibuckle.
I Had the Leader of ISIS Cursed by a Hong Kong Sorceress, and It Almost Worked | VICE United States
Mexican woman to become oldest ever human at 127, puts long life down to eating chocolate
A Statue Of Satan With A Huge Erection Has Appeared In Vancouver For Some Reason
Mathematicians prove you can divide by three.
TWO MEN ACCUSED OF SOAKING $2,500 WORTH OF WALMART MERCHANDISE IN DEER PEE
Cheney Says Iraq Would Be Stable If He Were Still President
High schools students arrested for breaking into house, admit they were only there to 'have sex's and not rob anything
High school students break into house to have sex in owner's bedroom
Michael Cera Misses When Chatroulette Was '60 Percent Dicks'
Man, 18, accused of kissing girl's hand without consent
Founder of Elephant Refuge Accidentally Crushed to Death by Elephants
Lawsuit Over Koko the Gorilla's Nipple Fetish Resolved
Uneven playing field? Judge, prosecutor who let Ray Rice walk toss book at single mom
Police pursue senior citizen in military truck; speeds reach 10 mph
Floyd Mayweather Jr. denies he beat up ex-girlfriend, says Ray Rice is being treated too harshly
All unmarried couples living together in Florida face jail time
Savin Hill wine and cheese shop charged with stocking too much wine and not enough cheese
Mount Pleasant crematorium neighbours still fuming
Breitbart: 'Ginger Jihadis Convert to Radical Islam Because of Bullying In Early Life'
Naked man bites police dog in Canada
Cornered Justin Bieber responds to booing crowd by taking off clothes
Future for Newlyweds, Ages 96 and 95, Uncertain
9/11 will be shown on a digital billboard in Times Square
80 Utah lawmakers warn Supreme Court that gay marriage could lead to polygamy, incest
The Floppy Did Me In
Inventors transform Dutch boy's dead rat into a flying dead rat drone
Ancient swamp pig named after Mick Jagger for its luscious lips
Lil B Is Dada Revival
U.S. Army Choppers Land in Polish Fields to Seek Guidance
British boy denied bus pass because he lives 6-feet too close to class.
Unlucky stoner butt-dials 911 before pot deal, is promptly arrested
Atheist airman must swear 'so help me God' or get out in November
Homeless man wants his shack back from museum
Naked man bites police dog
Agents bust man selling vodka illegally on Instagram
Penis-shaped gummies shock NZ lolly lovers
Elephant sanctuary founder dies after elephant steps on him
Why purchase ebooks, if it provides for free (PDF, PPT, DOC etc): PdfSearchEngine4U
Founder of Maine elephant refuge trampled to death by elephant
Santorum: Call Secularism A Religion So We Can Ban It From Public Schools
Suspicious character in Maize turns out to be new school employee
Local Yelp legend Paul F. posts last review
RICK PERRY: There Is 'A Very Real Possibility' ISIS Forces Have Crossed US-Mexican Border
Prostitution and the internet More bang for your buck How new technology is shaking up the oldest business
Georgia senator complains voting is too convenient for black people
Google's Perks Are So Amazing That Employees Have Found Ways To Secretly Live On Campus And Avoid Paying Rent
McDonald's trademarks the term 'McBrunch'
Fifth Grader Petitions School Board To End Policy Banning Chapstick
Fox Panelist: 'Anti-Testicular Police' Are Ripping Off Ray Rice's Balls
Danny Dyer accused of licking Mary Berry's ear at the TV Choice Awards
Woman arrested after breaking in, wanting to cuddle with man
Cordarrelle Patterson bribes Matt Cassel with cookies in hopes of getting more targets (xpost from r/minnesotavikings)
Driver busted in Maryland with cocaine 'trail' thought he was in Chicago
Dominatrix expelled from Senate hearing
St. Thomas's mascot accused of wiping ass with College Republicans literature
Volunteers in Illinois grill 100-foot-long bratwurst
More than 3000 Years Later, Egyptians Accuse Israelites of Stealing
GOPer opposes early voting because it will boost black turnout
Roseville cops fire body shop for racing squad cars
Megachurch closes branches after pastor calls women 'penis homes'
Ted Cruz warns that Democrats could "criminalize" Saturday Night Live
Man who beheaded mother granted day pass in Toronto, goes missing.
Naked Satan Statue Has Vancouver Locals Asking, 'What The Devil?'
Satan statue with porn-star penis taken down by City of Vancouver
With genetic testing, I gave my parents the gift of divorce.
Plattsburgh man arrested after police find drugs inside his D.A.R.E. lion stuffed animal
Up to 50 dead, frozen cats found in child porn suspect's home
Kelly Ripa Made a Long Series of Dick Jokes on TV Today
Man arrested for drugs after butt-dialing 911
Teen Could Get Two Years for Facebook Photos with Jesus Statue
Jefferson Hospital spins a new challenge: bucket of tennis balls
Frank Schaeffer, the Atheist Who Believes in God
Human Race Ends In New Hampshire
Man Sleepwalks Over Cliff While Camping
Military tank moved to San Diego schools
A white guy reviews blackpeoplemeet.com
Man named human loses primary in New Hampshire
5 Apple Watch Reviews From People Who Wore It For Like Maybe 3 Minutes
San Francisco Fire Department rescues drone from a tree
Sodomy For the Sake of Islam[X-post TIL]
Fifth grader is banned from using Chapstick at school because it is considered an "over the counter" drug.
North Korea Becomes The First Country To Land A Man On The Sun, Confirmed by their Central News Agency!
'JEOPARDY!' HOST ALEX TREBEK IS BRINGING BACK HIS MUSTACHE
I Had the Leader of ISIS Cursed by a Hong Kong Sorceress, and It Almost Worked
Petition demands return of horny Satan statue to Vancouver
Church reeling after founding pastor calls women 'homes' for God's penis
Holyoke hooker takes three hookahs in West Hartford after john refused to pay for services
Man Stabs Coworker who ate his meatball
Clay deputy's son, 2, accidentally fires father's gun inside Wendy's; bullet fragments strike boy, 3 others
Trump tells Obama "Resign now and you can play for free on my golf courses for the rest of your life"
Future TV star killed himself because he was 'too short
Burger King releases black burger with bamboo charcoal cheese and squid ink sauce in Japan
Man Charged After Kissing Girl's Hand
Alleged burglar busted after cooking corn on stove, getting in fight
Lionel Messi's hometown bans parents from naming children Messi
Lionel Messi's Hometown Rosario Bans Residents from Naming Their Babies 'Messi'
Georgia State Senator Complains That Voting Is Too Convenient For Black People
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford hospitalized with abdominal tumor
Lionel Messi's Hometown Rosario Bans Residents from Naming Their Babies 'Messi' to avoid confusion.
Ted Cruz Warns Democrats Could Criminalize SNL
Police catch man hiding marijuana, cocaine, and LSD inside a stuffed D.A.R.E. Mascot
Cops: New York Man Hid Cocaine, LSD, Pot Inside Stuffed Animal Wearing A D.A.R.E. T-Shirt
Ted Cruz: Democrats' Amendment Would Criminalize SNL
Kentucky man sleepwalks...right off a cliff
Reddit hits peak irony
Vancouver wants a nude devil statue put back up.
Research Finds Adolescent Drinking Leads To Increased Risk Of Alcoholism Later
Net neutrality topples 'Nipplegate' as the FCC's hottest issue of all time
College Accepts "Selfie" Video As Application
Teen turns dead pet rat into memorial helicopter
On lui vole son cannabis dans le jardin, il alerte... les gendarmes
Man sleep walks over cliff while camping.
Man finds goats having sex, assaults them and then has sex with female goat.
Texas Tech Football Team Encourages Fans to Wear Black on "Celebrate Cotton" Day
Police apologise after leaving plastic explosives at Sydney Airport
Blundering IT worker who put his porn stash on city centre big screen is jailed
Foo Fighters are playing small club shows under the name The Holy Shits
Ukraine Starts Building Wall to Keep Russia Out
"Tampon Run," A Game From Two Teenagers Who Want You To Know That Periods Are Totally Normal
Teen turns dead rat into helicopter
Women prefer men with big bellies
Quebec City cops pinned dying cyclist to ground, witnesses say (xpost from /r/news)
Killer spiders found in Carlow home
Singapore track blessed ahead of annual F1 night race
Sydney Police apoligzes after they forgot a suitcase filled with plastic explosives at the airport.
Ted Cruz Booed Off Stage At Middle East Christian Conference
Obama moves to aid Syrian rebels in fight against ISIS
Six youths go on trial in Iran for posting YouTube video where they danced to Pharrell Williams' 'Happy' song
No one likes the Dalai Lama any more.
North Korea 'backs Scottish independence'
Mick Jagger has 'long-legged' fossilised pig with 'mobile and tactile lips' named after him
Two policemen are to be suspended for charging a one-year-old child with "coercion" ahead of a by-election in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh
Russia needs black athletes to boost talent, chief says
Australian Man Awakes from Coma Speaking Fluent Mandarin
ustralian man wakes up from coma, can speak Mandarin fluently
Why isn't England bombing the Scottish separatists, ask pro-Russian rebels
Josh Gordon says he 'definitely' does not have a drug problem
China Will Make the Dalai Lama Reincarnate Whether He Likes It or Not
Israeli band is a Zionist plot to steal Arab music
Illiterate teacher fears students may realize her deception.
In Cameroon, Drinking Bailey's Or Being A Hairdresser Makes You Guilty Of Gay Sex
Rihanna to Sing Opener for Raven-Steeler Game
School takes a fifth grader's Chapstick because it is "medicine"
Texas man shoots at Frisbee golfer, barricades himself in home because disc lands in his yard
Lowe's order to pay $1.6 Million because a 2x4 isn't 2"x4"
Pope Francis To Investigate Roman Curia On TV Show "Undercover Boss"
Mel Brooks' Chinese Theatre cement handprint has six fingers
Suburban Express won't take Highland Park passengers
Manufacturer Error Caused Penis Shaped Gummies to Ship Out to Kids Read more at http://www.foodbeast.com/2014/09/10/penis-shaped-gummies-spark-recall/#JaGOjTrcMK07qLu3.99
One child dead, one hospitalized after sharing turkey sandwich
FLORENTIJN HOFMAN builds 54 foot tall Rubber Ducky
Graphics team fail: Ronan Farrow asks if "WTC jumpers" are "heroes or zeroes"
Justin Bieber Strips Off His Clothes After Audience Boos
New Thai PM uses holy water, feng shui to ward off occult
Woman marries cardboard cutout of Robert Pattinson in $3,200 Las Vegas wedding
North Koreans 'back Scottish independence because of fondness for Scotch whisky'
North Korea first to "land a man on the sun," successful mission proclaims Pyongyang!
ALEC is a thoughtful, democratic organization
Teen Faces 2 Years in Prison for Taking a Lewd Photo.....With a Statue
Dutch teen turns beloved dead pet rat into memorial helicopter
Official Fleshlight account tweets somber reminder of the events of 9/11
Prisoner Escapes From Idaho Jail, Taunts Cops on Facebook Chat
D.C. Public Schools homework assignment asks 6th graders to compare Bush to Hitler
Ankara mayor denies city's brown tap water is polluted
Westboro Baptist Claims Plans to Picket 9/11 Memorial on 9/11
Truthers commemorate 9/11 with Times Square ad showing WTC 7 imploding on infinite loop
Police: Man breaks into Massachusetts home, cooks corn
Hunter carrying mountain goat during fatal fall
Two Senators Go 'Lord Of The Flies' On Deserted Island For Discovery Reality Series
San Antonio Man Allegedly Stabs Roomie For Having Noisy, Three-Way Sex
Homeowner finds intruder cooking corn on cob in kitchen
Man drives stolen Walmart electric shopping cart to meeting with his probation officer.
Reality TV show features rival senators stranded on a remote island
North Korea is feeling 'positive' about Scottish independence
Satanists still plan to hold controversial Black Mass in Oklahoma City
Cumming man arrested for dumping dead beavers
As many as 60 British women have joined an all-female sharia police unit to punish women who do not abide by the law
Schwarzenegger Had Maria Shriver's Face Scrubbed From Official Portrait
Baby bear's pole dancing on golf course caught on YouTube video
Candidates will have to draw straws if lone voter doesn't show their ID.
Anti-Gay Harlem Church Pastor Claims American football Player Michael Sam May Marry 9-Year-Old Boy
WARNING: "Welsh Dragon Sausages" May Not Contain Real Dragon
Franklin Graham: Ebola Virus May Be Part Of Bible End Times Prophecy Predicting End Of The World
Rialto school officials apologize for Holocaust assignment
Microsoft Paid The NFL $400 Million To Use Its Tablets, But Announcers Are Calling Them iPads
Male Japanese porn stars rarer than Bengal tigers, according to Japan's porn king Shimiken
Dubai Store Selling Gold Xbox Ones And PS4s For Just $13,700 Each
Real-Life Reality Show Strands Actual U.S. Senators on Real Deserted Island
Naked man accused of biting police dog
RIHANNA THEME SONG KICKS OFF RAVENS' THURSDAY NIGHT GAME
Apache Lands at Walmart
Russia to enter it's national team into the Russian Premier League in order to prepare for the 2018 World Cup
Woman of 24 found to have no cerebellum in her brain
This 12-toed athlete knows where the shoe pinches
Fox News Calling George Bush a Prophet
Chipotle Workers Quit, Shut Down Store, Because That Job Sucks
Scottish Independence 'Backed By North Korea'
Missionaries Give Snoop Dogg Book of Mormon
More seniors are carrying student loan debt into retirement
Man Accused of 'Terrorist Threats' for Posting Heavy Metal Lyrics on Facebook
Arlington yoga studio offers 9/11 discount, then a Ray Rice comparison
North Korea tries to lure tourists to earn foreign currency, but two now on trial
Long time CUM worker retires at 80
ZZ Top cancels State Fair concert after member injures hip
Teacher accidentally shoots self at school
E. Coli Death: Oregon Girl Dies After Eating A Turkey Sandwich
Teen petitions to have cat photo in yearbook
'Dead tiger' report leads to stuffed animal
Oakland Raiders Generously Agree To Pay Cheerleaders Minimum Wage, Follow The Law
Stevie Wonder on Ferguson Mayor: He 'Has Blinders On'
Boy charged with simulating sex act with Jesus
Police: North Country man hid drugs inside stuffed animal in a DARE t-shirt
Army officer told he cannot enter his daughter's school while we
Kim Jock-Un: North Korea 'backs Scottish independence'
U.S. military developing new tech to give soldiers Wolverine-like healing
Cops bust guy hiding drugs in DARE stuffed lion
Lt Col Not Allowed in Daughter's School - His Uniform Might Offend Students
Two straight men marry each other to win free rugby tickets
Stretch Hummers. A bloody brawl. And Sarah Palin.
Rihanna to open for the Ravens game tonight
Sarah Palin and Family Allegedly Involved in Giant Drunken Brawl at Snowmobile Party
Microsoft Paid The NFL $400 Million To Use Its Tablets, But Announcers Are Calling Them iPads (x-post /r/News)
North Korea backs Scottish independence 'because Kim Jong-Un wants to import more whisky'
Dalai Lama Refuses to be Reborn If Tibet Is Not Free
Mayor Requests Prayers to Solve Drug Problem, Dog the Bounty Hunter Answers
The Ray-Riceless Ravens are playing Pittsburgh tonight. The opening act is Rihanna.
I hope Toby Keith brought you everything you asked for this 9/11.
Yle stunt tests Russia's reaction to Tom of Finland stamps
Mates' marriage horrifies gay rights groups
Woman Clearly Obsessed With Robert Pattinson Marries A Cardboard Cutout Of Him
'Dog The Bounty Hunter' Responds to Prayer Request Video
Phone Company Refuses to Let Deceased Woman Out of Contract
Janitor fired after launching apple at student
North Korean man defects into North Korea, is deported back to South Korea
Fifth-grader challenges school's ChapStick ban
Microsoft pays NFL $400 million for product placement of Surface Tablets on national TV, announcers call them iPads (x-post /r/technology)
Accused Walmart Shoplifter Flees Very, Very Slowly On Motorized Shopping Cart
Lost American military choppers drop in on rural Poland fields to ask for directions
Police: Michigan woman used Wal-Mart motorized wheelchair for getaway
Scientists Name Ancient Swamp Creature After Mick Jagger
Fifth-grade girl fights ChapStick ban before Virginia county school board
Etsy Bans All Redskins Items, Allows 456 Swastika Items
'ALL CLEAR' given at IUS. Weapon has been identified as an umbrella.
Reno Web Design | Reno SEO | 775.591.8093
Teacher Accidentally Shoots Self in Leg at School
Reality show strands Democrat and Republican senators on island
IUS lifts lockdown after suspected gun turns out to be umbrella
North Korea Returns a Defector to the South
Super-Tough Cops Take Down 70-Pound High School Girl Who Wanted To Keep Her Cell Phone
Utah teacher accidentally shoots herself in leg with concealed weapon
Warning to Ballymena public over Rab the runaway raccoon
The front page of reddit is run by warlords
Cop takes "selfie" while man is committing suicide, man plunges 600 feet to his death moments later.
Cop takes "selfie" while man is attempting suicide, man plunges 600 feet to his death moments later.
South Korean man attempts to defect to North Korea, is deported back to the South
IU Southeast lockdown lifted; "weapon" turns out to be umbrella
A Woman Told Her Boss About A Devastating Cancer Diagnosis. He Responded By Firing Her.
Australian Police Leave Suitcase With 230 Kilograms of Explosives At Airport for Three Weeks
Man Dressed As Pokemon Jumps White House Fence
Police apologize after leaving plastic explosives at Sydney Airport
White House Locked Down After Man in Pikachu Hat Jumps Fence
North Korea Returns a Defector to the South Korea
Toni Braxton - You Mean The World To Me
Burger King launches black burger in Japan
Girl with a BASKETBALL for a body triumphs against the odds(x-post from r/Wtf)
Armed teacher wounds self in toilet
Girl with a BASKETBALL for a body triumphs against the odds
Confused Rep. James Clyburn Recommends 'Sexting' As a Get-Out-The-Vote Tactic
Palin Family Allegedly Involved In A Brawl
Penis-Shaped Gummy Candies Sold In New Zealand Candy Shops; Parents Are Not Amused
Alan Moore wrote a novel so heavy even he can't lift it
Golden Hammer: Feds spend millions to study drunken monkeys, pilots and students
Nicki Minaj Wants To Speak At Former High School, Gets Rejected
Massachusetts man arrested for breaking into home to cook corn on the cob
Police apologise for leaving plastic explosive in suitcase at Sydney airport
Ministry wants to know why a Chinese pear took five months to rot
Teen charged with desecrating Jesus statue by simulating sex act, then posting pictures
Amish Beard-Cutting Not a Hate Crime, Federal Court Says
Court overturns hate-crime convictions in Amish hair-cutting attacks
A Violinist Plays For His Surgeons - As They Operate On His Brain
Ohio School Shooter Escapes From Prison
Sarah Palin's family involved in drunken fight at snowmobile party: reports
Why The U.S. Chills Its Eggs And Most Of The World Doesn't
The Latest Weapon In The Fight Against Antibiotic Resistance Lives In The Vagina
50 dead cats found in freezers in Florida home
Hot Alaska Gossip: Sarah Palin's Whole Family Was Involved in a Nasty Brawl
US man ordered to stop spreading HIV
Nick Jonas Can't Stop Showing Off His Abs At NYC Gay Clubs
Upstate NY student petitions high school to put laser-cat photo in yearbook
Professional networking can make you feel physically dirty
As many as 60 British women have joined an all-female sharia police unit to punish women who do not abide by the Islamic law
Man 'punched son in stomach to save him from alien embryos', says wife
Witchcraft-obsessed townsfolk try to drive out teen who opened Naughty Girls Donut Shop
Sandwich eating and 1984: 8 things that can get you arrested in Thailand
Samoan clerics finger homosexuals over global warming
D.C. Teacher To Apologize For Asking Students To Compare Bush To Hitler
Meet Britain's best paid sex worker who earns twice as much as the PM
Nigerian Businessman Dies After Being Raped By His Five Wives
Doctor's Letter Laying Off Employee After Cancer Diagnosis Incites Outrage And Calls For Support
Gay groups angered as heterosexual men marry to win rugby trip.
Education Commission Recalls 'Porn Star' Math Textbooks
The Maker of Vuse E-Cigs Is Lobbying to Ban Vaping (Updated)
Police charge toddler for 'coercion'
Man Sold a Undercover Cop a Crushed Up Pop-Tart and Told Him It Was Cocaine
Woman says she was playing 'the zombie game' during attack in home
Scotch is why North Koreans back Scottish independence
Armed 'clown' runs off with cash drawer
Burger King Japan unveils all-black burger
Grandmas keep tagging themselves as Grandmaster flash on Facebook.
Out of paper, Venezuela's oldest newspaper halts circulation
Shanghai kindergarten apologizes after playing Japanese military song at graduation ceremony
The largest predatory dinosaur ever was 'half-duck, half-crocodile'
S.C. pastor serving jail time for noisy church
Candy Company Sorry Its Gummy Candy Came Out Penis-Shaped
Lost U.S. Army Choppers Land on Polish Farm, Ask for Directions
Pikachu-clad dude picked the wrong day to storm the White House lawn
NFL announcers keep calling Surface tablet 'iPad'
Birmingham's £23 million cycling transformation only benefits 'white, young men' says city councillor
Discovery to strand Republican and Democratic senators on an island
Man Gets Three Years For Pretending To Be Autistic And Tricking Women Into Babysitting Him
Seattle court orders HIV-positive man to stop spreading the virus
Oklahoma woman claims spaghetti strainer as "religious headpiece"
Scottish independence: 'The buggers are out to get us' say Scots nobility
A guide to removing Apple's compulsory addition of a U2 album to everyone's iPhone.
Petition wants devil statue with erect penis back up in Vancouver
School textbook is withdrawn after "teacher" on the front is recognized as Japanese adult video star.
Jeff Goldblum Wants to Name His Child Mingus
'The buggers are out to get us': Scottish aristocrats tell high-society magazine Tatler from their ancestral castles that they fear a mansion tax
Limerick Council breathe new life into Mount St Lawrence Cemetery
Sarah Palin and family 'caught up in Alaska mass brawl': former governor's son and daughter both threw punches while Mrs Palin herself shouted: "Don't you know who I am?" as the scene descended into chaos.
How Chinese babies and Mid-East pizza tip US markets
Sheriff: Man drives mower to Pulaski Co. drive-thru while drunk
Girl Disappointed Obama Not Beyoncé
Sarah Palin's Family Allegedly in Alaska House Party Brawl
Wasted! Feds spend millions of tax dollars getting monkeys drunk
Male Japanese pornstars rarer than Bengal tigers Read more at: http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/male-japanese-pornstars-rarer-than-bengal-tigers/1/382490.html
'Pokémon' fan jumps White House fence with Pikachu hat and doll
We have our ways, KK cops say in cryptic bid to nab wheelchair-bound secession mastermind in UK - See more at: http://www.themalaymailonline.com/malaysia/article/We-have-our-ways-kk-cops-say-in-cryptic-bid-to-nab-wheelchair-bound-secessi#sthash.m76mIeGw.dpuf
Cab drivers upset over body odor test. (The guy in the picture's last name is Salami :o)
Tesco calls in sniper to shoot protected bird in Norfolk store
American shakedown: Police won't charge you, but they'll grab your money
Prisoners Kept Handcuffed in Children's Playground in Colombia
India probes identity card for monkey god Hanuman
Calgary mayor praises city residents for once again rallying against Mother Nature
President Obama disappoints little girl by not being Beyonce
Former sex education website now offers porn
North Korea comes out in support of Scottish independence, wants to be allies because they like whiskey
White teen in BMW hits three cars, assaults cop in Pennsylvania and doesn't get shot
Former sex ed website now offers porn
4 Pennsylvania Cops suspended indefinitely for an alleged joy ride gone awry.
Mississippi election winner to be chosen at random after tied race
Chinese student died of heart attack as he looked at 'sexy magazine'
Florida burglary suspect photographed sleeping with a bag of stolen jewels
German Neo-Nazi turned jihadist who went to fight in Afghanistan admits he made a 'big mistake' after wife misses supermarkets and her mobile phone
Al-Qaeda India branch's first attack ends in dismal failure as jihadists 'raid wrong ship'
Google Buys High-Tech Spoon Manufacturer
San Diego cabbies outraged by official body odour test used to ban foul-smelling taxi drivers
Investor critiques Olive Garden; says chain is piling on breadsticks, should outsource soups
Satanists Sell Out Black Mass at Oklahoma Civic Center
Teen May Get 2 Years For Pic Of Fake Oral Sex With Jesus
Little Girl Bummed School Surprise Guest Is Obama, Not Beyoncé
Girl disappointed Obama not Beyonce.
Investigation after drunk man breaks into maternity ward, found asleep in bed with dead rabbit in his pocket.
Grandmas keep tagging themselves as hip-hop legend Grandmaster Flash with Facebook's auto-suggest
Officials at San Diego Airport use Body Odor as Criteria to Judge Cabbies
Chris Brown offers Ray Rice some advice
Philadelphia Eagles Player Who Left A 20-Cent Tip At A Restaurant Says He Would Do It Again
The Wall Street Journal cries about the poverty of making $400,000 a year
Sarah Palin's husband left with a bloody nose after a 20-person brawl at his birthday party where daughter Bristol punched the host
Missing train traced after 17 days in Bihar
Should You Trade in Your Old Phone for the New iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus?
Thuốc Hỗ Trợ Điều Trị Ung Thư Chính Hãng Giá Phân Phối
14 year old that lives in a town near mine facing 2 years in prison after he took photos of himself desecrating a Jesus statue and mimicking a sex act before posting them on Facebook |
Instagram's 'richest kid' jailed for weeks after selling a STOLEN iPhone on Craigslist
Inmate wants to worship Flying Spaghetti Monster
Man arrested for advertising for sex with woman and dog on Craigslist in police sting
Magic Mushrooms Could Help Smokers Kick The Habit
Oscar Pistorius: IPC will allow him to compete at Rio Paralympics
Christ Arrested for Assaulting Muhammed in San Rafael
San Diego regulating cab driver body odor.
Former Councilman Creates Fleet of Toilet Bowl Bikes to Protest Parking Spaces for New Japanese Restaurant
Palin Clan Reportedly Involved In Epic 'Dog Pile' Fistfight At Snowmobile Party
Dad films daughter's birth while driving
Neighbor of man with 50 cats in freezers: 'Animals everywhere'
McDonald's all new Black Burger
Rob Ford drops out of mayoral race, Doug Ford running in his place
'Help Me Get Rid Of Burning Man Girl' Pleads Craigslist Ad
If Cam Newton were white, he'd have to apologize to Ndamukong Suh If Cam Newton were white, he'd have to apologize to Ndamukong Suh
Millions in taxpayer money used to study drunken monkeys
Washington elementary school assignment compares George W. Bush, Hitler.
Teacher accidentally discharges handgun at school, hurting self
Grandparents Keep Tagging Grandmaster Flash in Facebook Photos and it's Completely Adorable
Utah teacher shoots herself in the leg at elementary school
Arkansas Razorbacks' mascot killed by Texas Tech's infamous hunting cheerleader
Chris Browns offers Ray Rice advice about how to control his anger
Party Turns Bloody When Palins Roll Up in Stretch Hummer
Russell Wilson: There's no time to sleep, except on Saturdays
'Small Government' GOP Vice Chair: I Would Sterilize Poor Women On Medicaid
[Op-Ed] If Scotland votes to secede from the United Kingdom, should America take it's place?
Teen charged after mimicking sex act with Jesus statue
Pentagon tests jetpack for troops on the battlefield
Man Ordered to Stop Spreading HIV
Female Ravens fans defend Ray Rice
Florida woman named Isis starts petition to get media to stop saying 'ISIS'
Former Power Ranger Actor Charged with Alleged Robberies
San Diego cabbies cry foul over body odor test
Scottish independence: now Nessie defects
Palin Family Brawl Under Investigation by Anchorage Police
Kiev Mayor Klitschko seeks German 'know-how' to help build wall in Ukraine
'American Psycho' Musical Hits a Rough Patch
National Eating Disorders Assoc. says 'Orthorexia', an obsession with the quality and purity of your food, is on the rise.
Rage Against the Machine Isn't Paul Ryan's Favorite Band Anymore
Scottish independence: Radio station bans Scottish music until after referendum
Grandmas of Facebook are Accidentaly tagging themselves as Grandmaster Flash
Man's sex drive plunges after lift stalls
Man dies at sperm bank after 4th donation in 10 days
Investor: Olive Garden gives out too many breadsticks
Grandparents Just Can't Stop Tagging Grandmaster Flash in Their Facebook Statuses
Kiraz Mevsimi 10.Bölüm izle
Chris Brown Has Some Advice for Ray Rice
Was The Batmobile Stolen In Detroit?
Nicki Minaj Was Not Allowed To Come Back To Her Old High School
Gun-wielding teen girls from Europe join ISIS
Cumming Man Ditches 'Atrocious' Beavers
NSW government announces report card for four-year-olds
Woman upset at boy playing clarinet allegedly points rifle at kids
Sarah Palin Family Involved in Giant, 'Hillbilly'-Style Drunken Brawl at Snowmobile Party
Police helicopter called in as rocks, timber thrown at police
Student Petitions His High School to Include a Photo of Him Holding a Cat Against a Laser Background in the Yearbook
Woman Named Isis Would Really Like It If You Stopped Using the Term ISIS
Seven-year-old turns his mum in to police
Weed killer used to depict male genitalia on football field
James O'Keefe shows how Ebola-infected ISIS jihadi could sneak in from Canada
Burger King's black cheeseburger may be trying to tell us something
Tennessee man 'but dials' 911, gets busted on drug charges
Facebook tells drag queens to use their legal names or risk losing their profiles
James Dolan Wrote A Song About Trayvon Martin
Evangelical Christians urge secular education in Ireland
James Dolan writes a song about Trayvon Martin. "Under That Hood"
Teens Caught Making Slow Getaway On Motorized Shopping Carts
72% of Americans Disapprove of Republican Party...but it's Set to Take Control of Both Houses of Congress Anyway
Microsoft paid NFL $400M for Surface deal; announcers call them iPads
Man arrested for feeding girlfriend her own dog
Runaway British schoolgirl Zahra Halane tweets anger at Islamic State husband over missing kitten
Grownup Congressman Mark Sanford Announces Breakup on Facebook
Pot activist mails Christy Clark marijuana to help her end teachers' strike
Scots, you want out? America will take your place!
Elderly Congressman suggests sexting to get out the vote
Megachurch To Close After Pastor Calls Women "Penis Homes"
Army is worried too many white men lead combat units
Scientists have made an inexpensive quantum random number generator for super-strong encryption out of an old Nokia phone
24-Year-Old Woman Born Without Cerebellum
Naked, erect Satan statue, with devilish details, put up, then removed from Vancouver park
Kid Got Arrested For Pretending to Have Sex With a Statue of Jesus
Hilary Duff Wishes Aaron Carter Would Stop Declaring His Love For Her
Narcotics Raid on Oak Ridge High School Chemistry Teacher's house leads to seizure of approximately 2 ounces of methamphetamine and several ounces of Gamma Hydroxy Butyrate, a compound utilized in, "date rape drugs'.
Man Allegedly Cooked Dog, Fed It to Ex-Girlfriend
Man tries to pass off Pop-Tart as cocaine to undercover cop - See more at: http://www.actionnewsjax.com/news/news/crime-law/man-tries-pass-pop-tart-cocaine-undercover-cop/nhLhW/#sthash.aoavaz6K.dpuf
Colorado mistakenly issues citizen licenses
Teenager charged with crime for sex with Jesus statue
Youth Faces Two Years in Jail For Sexual Pose with Statue of Jesus
Man accused of cooking, feeding ex-girlfriend's dog to her
Man tries to pass off Pop-Tart as cocaine to undercover cop
The Military Just Asked Harvard To Make Them a Spider-Man Suit
Living With Men 5th Most Dangerous Thing Women Can Do
Chinese medical student died of heart attack as he looked at 'sexy magazine' when he made fourth donation to sperm bank in a week
A University Student Died At A Sperm Bank After Donating For A Fourth Time In 10 Days
ELDER PACKER TO ADDRESS LDS GENERAL CONFERENCE IN HIS NATIVE KLINGON
Pat Robertson Says "Girl-On-Girl Movies" Are Making Young People Think They're Gay
D.C. Sixth-Grade Teacher Has Students Compare Hitler, Bush
Pennsylvania Teenager Simulates Oral Sex With Jesus Statue, Faces 2 Years in Prison
Sky would host WNBA Finals at UIC with Garth Brooks booked at Allstate
Man caught selling crumbled Pop-Tart as crack cocaine: cops
Billionaire Allen backs gun control while trying to buy German tank
Narcotics Raid on High School Chemistry Teacher's house leads to seizure of 2 ounces of methamphetamine
Palins Said to Be Involved in Brawl at Party in Alaska
The Most Homophobic Nation on Earth Chases Gay Travel Dollars
Want to Destroy ISIS? Congress Should Implement the Draft and Raise Taxes Immediately
Japanese Festival Puts the 'Fun' in Planning Your Own Funeral
Apple Spent $100 Million to Buy You That U2 Album, Report Claims
Hospital Uses Ben & Jerry's Secret Ebola Cure
California man allegedly cooked dog, fed it to ex
The Royal Bank of Scotland plans to relocate it's headquarters to London if Scotland votes yes to independence
Nancy Pelosi: Civilization 'In Jeopardy' If GOP Takes Senate
China tells Dalai Lama to have respect for reincarnation
China tells Dalai Lama to respect reincarnation
Russian lawyers say Harry Potter character Dobby is based on Putin
Girl Disappointed Surprise Guest Is Obama: 'I Really Wanted To See Beyonce'
Drag queens in Facebook name row
Wuhan doctoral student dies while donating for sperm bank
Couple charged after grandmother filmed them having sex on Cortez Beach, Florida
Man Kills Ex-Girlfriend's Dog, Feeds It to Her: Cops
British Female Jihadists 'Are Running Brothels Full Of Captured Sex Slaves For Islamic State Militants'
Got iTunes? You got a U2 album. Here's how to delete it.
It can't make calls. It can't send e-mail. It's the NoPhone.
Drunk man with dead rabbit found in maternity ward
Man Allegedly Cooked Ex-Girlfriend's Dog, Served It To Her
Heiress buys 'smallest Pomeranian in the world' for $13,000, names him Mr. Amazing.
A 29-stone "martial arts expert" who attacked workmen because they unsettled his pet snake could soon be evicted. He also lashed out at contractors trying to upgrade his kitchen and bathroom because they dared to wear baseball caps next to his Buddha statue, an action he deemed offensive.
Can you believe this guy hired a hit man to catch and kill himself.
Whoops! Grandmas are tagging themselves as Grandmaster Flash on Facebook
Liverpool 29-stone martial arts expert could be evicted after threats to workmen.
Kanye West stops Sydney show to demand fans 'stand up and dance!'...before he realises one is in a WHEELCHAIR and the other is waving their prosthetic limb at him.
Home-school students have limited chances to play on high school teams
Is Olive Garden serving too many breadsticks?
Sydney airport passenger accidently given bomb by police
In an amazing discovery, Chinese doctors have reported that a 24-year-old woman has lived a largely normal life without the cerebellum, a part of the brain responsible for movement of limbs and talking.
Mother Uses Vibrator on Baby During Flight
Loch Ness Monster votes No in Scottish independence referendum, moves to England
Tank Is Unwelcome in California College Town
Kanye West halts show until fan in a wheelchair stands up
Investor calls on Olive Garden to reign in the free breadsticks
Cowabunga! Gun-toting Ninja Turtle sparks shooting drama in Newton Heath
Kanye West stops concert until person in a wheelchair stands up and dances
Al Pacino Has No Recollection of the 70s
Student dies of heart attack while looking at erotic magazines during visit to sperm bank.
White House Vows to Use Every Synonym for War Against ISIS
Drunk Man Found with Dead Rabbit in Maternity Wars
Another blow for the 'Yes' vote? First the banks threaten to flee an independent Scotland, now it appears the Loch Ness Monster has relocated south of the border!
Loch aye the NO: Loch Ness Monster appears to campaign against independence
Dan Snyder issues statement in support of Roger Goodell
Drunk Man Found with Dead Rabbit in Maternity Ward
High school in California drops 'Arabs' mascot for 'Mighty Arabs'
Man on a roll held in toilet-paper caper
Billionare Owner Books Himself To Open For The Eagles At MSG
Priest convicted of raping dozens of children and one sled dog in Canada
Kazakhstan looks to identify gays by searching for degeneratism in their DNA
Chris Brown to Ray Rice: 'I've Been Down That Road'
Palin family reportedly involved in Alaska house party brawl
Pastor serving jail time for loud church services
Sperm Bank Enthusiast Dies After Having Heart Attack Reading Erotic Magazine
Girl hopes for Beyonce but gets President Obama instead
NY TIMES: White girl from wealthy NJ suburb buys NYC apartment. Rode bus to finance job and mooched off mom and dad for a year to help save.
Congressman says 'sexting' is a vital campaign tool
Crossfire Reloaded: Our atheists are better than yours
Crimean combat dolphins 'transferred to Russian military control'
University student gets trapped in a street bin
Madison Square Garden Owner Books Himself as the Eagles' Opener
Rabid bat attacks, bites Oregon man jamming on guitar
Agartala: Two girls commit suicide after reprimanded for using mobile phones
Calif. Man Allegedly Cooked Dog, Fed It to Ex
DPRK Publishes Human Rights Report
Russian Military Takes Full Control Over Combat Dolphin Program in Crimea
Woman found in Massachusetts home with dead babies may be mentally ill: lawyer
Red Sox AAA Affiliate Is Into Big Boobs On Twitter
Kanye West stops show to yell at person in a wheelchair to get up and dance
Teenager fined for continuously playing 'You're Beautiful' by James Blunt and 'C'est La Vie' by B*Witched at full volume
Drunk off-duty New York State narcotics agent allegedly gives woman gun to look at on a Manhattan street corner, struggles with her when he wants it back, and shoots her in the ankle. Woman's boyfriend runs after the drunk cop, gun goes off again and hits the boyfriend in the shin (x-post r/nyc)
Kanye Tells Wheelchair-Bound Concertgoer "Stand Up Or I'm Not Rapping"
Olive Garden's unlimited pasta pass 'black market' is actually a perfect illustration of why ticket-scalping works
The Palins Were Involved in a Booze-Filled, 20-Person Brawl
Why Does My Kids' Elementary School Need a Tank? - The Daily Beast
Man accused of cooking girlfriend's dog, feeding him to her
Orange is The New Black writer files for divorce after writing for the show makes her realise she is a lesbian.
Woman Fakes An Entire Trip To Asia Via facebook
Orange Is The New Black writer files for divorce as writing for the show made her realise she is a lesbian, now dating one of the show's stars.
Trainee Doctor Dies Of Heart Attack While Masturbating At A Sperm Bank
Notre Dame will pay Charlie Weis about $19 million to not coach Fighting Irish
Woman Marries Robert Pattinson Cardboard Cutout in Las Vegas
Deadliest US Sniper in History Shot Dead at Gunrange
All The Things Not to Do When You Capture Your Own Child Mugger
Chris Brown Gives Advice To Ray Rice About Learning To Control His Anger
Stephen Harper sells Canada: China can secretly sue to repeal Canadian laws
DPRK releases human rights report
Paris Hilton pays $13,000 for world's smallest Pomeranian
CAHOOTS PATRONS CRASH POLICE PANCAKE BREAKFAST, E-CIGARETTES DRAWN
Explosives Left at Sydney Airport in Police Dog Training Drill
Pokies venues can meet childcare demand: lobby group
Vagina bacteria make molecules that could be drugs
Teen determined to have 'purrfect' yearbook photo
Police Tell Man to Stop Telling Blonde Jokes to Pedestrians
The sound of silence: One excited atom is so quiet that the human ear cannot detect it
Kanye West stops show to make sure everyone is standing up, including fan in a wheelchair
Your Sushi Rice Probably Had Rodent Poop In It, Lawsuit Says
Zimbabwe's president Robert Mugabe awards wife PhD degree a mere 2 months after she enrolls
Home measuring two metres wide up for sale for £250,000
Kanye West Allegedly Stops Sydney Performance Until Seated Fan Proves He's Actually In A Wheelchair
Paris Hilton drops $13,000 to buy world's smallest Pomeranian
Cars that drive themselves starting to chat with each other
New Al Qaeda India Branch Attacks Wrong Ship
Boyfriend Allegedly Kills and Feeds Dog to Girlfriend
Obama Unable to Sleep After Learning Limbaugh Liked His Speech
LAPD Confuses Black Actress Kissing White Husband for Prostitute
Top 10 Most Violent Gangs in America
Life expectancy in Russian prisons longer than in Russia in general
San Diego schools bring in mine-proof 'tank'
Teen Faces Two Years In Jail For Face-Humping A Jesus Statue
Nationwide no-helmet bill pushed to fight crimes
Toronto mayor Rob Ford says God 'wants me somewhere else'
School district defends decision to buy $14K espresso machine
Al-Qaeda, Seeking out an American Aircraft Carrier, Accidentally Targets the Wrong Ship
Texas captain goofs on coin toss, UCLA receives ball to start both halves
Twilight fan marries cardboard cut-out of Robert Pattinson in £2,000 Las Vegas wedding
Man Forbids Wife From Using Tampons
Robert Pattinson Gets Married: Twilight Fan Says 'I Do' to Edward Cullen Cardboard Cut-Out
You could end up with a flag like this, warns Lord West: Union Jack will have to be dumped as Britain's national flag if Scotland votes to separate
Man chooses 'mom' he found on Facebook, abandons real parents
The Porngraphy of Jihadism: What ISIS videos and X-Rated movies have in common.
Al Qaeda group in India on first mission attacks wrong ship
Dalai Lama says he might not be born again
San Diego School District's New 18-Ton Armored Vehicle Creates Stir
Peter Thiel Thinks His HBO Caricature Isn't Innovative Enough
Jilted man arrested for cooking his ex-girlfriend's dog and feeding it to her
The Assault Weapon Myth - sober look at real impact of assault weapons ban
Survey Shows That Fat Shamers May Actually Be Causing the Weight Gain They Hate So Much
In this Chinese city, phone addicts get their own sidewalk lane
100 Swansea 'micro pigs' culled for public safety
Woman 'injured in rush to grab sex toy at Ann Summers (UK Lingerie/Sex Toy Company) party'
Get a drone's-eye-view of burning man to see why it's such a life-changing blah blah bling blah blah
MIT Is Hosting a Breast Pump Hackathon
Kanye West Stops Concert to Yell At Kid in Wheelchair, 'Stand Up!'
New Al Qaeda Branch Attacks Wrong Ship. The first ever attack by the newly-announced Indian branch of Al Qaeda went really, really poorly. The attack.. seems to have targeted the wrong ship.
Top 10 Mind-Blowing Movies That Are Too Perplexed
At SoulCycle Tribeca, The Spinning Stops; Panic Ensues
Japanese Developer Creates Virtual Breast-Squeezing Game for the Oculus Rift
California man accused of cooking ex-girlfriend's dog
Kanye West halts Sydney concert after two fans don't stand up - doesn't realise one is in a wheelchair and the other is disabled
Kanye West tries to shame man in wheelchair into standing during Sydney concert
Trainee doctor 'dies of heart attack' while masturbating at sperm bank
Frank Ocean's Father Sues Russell Simmons for $142 Million
Tesco home delivery substitutes walnut loaf with whole octopus
Family of man who died donating sperm loses 4 million RMB compensation battle
Petronome. A metronome app with animal sounds.
Soldiers On Viagra Part Of A List Of Secrets Held By Harper Government
Star-Spangled Drinking and Dex
Kanye West Demands Fan In Wheelchair Stand Up
100 días de mandato de Poroshenko: Con la vista en Europa y una guerra sin ley marcial - RT
'Star-Spangled Banner': Anthem was once a song of drinking and sex
Colombia women cycling team outfit raises eyebrows, a lot of eyebrows
Egypt issues stamps to mark new Suez Canal - but uses pictures of Panama Canal
State claims progress in fight against giant snails
Busted: Egypt's 'Panama Canal' blunder goes viral
Austin police officer suspended for being rude
Kanye West halts Sydney concert after two fans refuse to stand up - doesn't realise one is in a wheelchair and the other is disabled
Man sells cop crushed up Pop-Tart, says it's cocaine
Kanye West refuses to continue concert, calls out fans for not standing during his songs. Doesn't realize they're in wheelchairs.
Kanye West demands fans stand up at Sydney show, points out person in wheelchair
Pentagon Claims 'Homeland' Is Unrealistic, Says No Marine's Wife Is That Hot
American who tore up tourist visa so he could be imprisoned 'to experience human rights abuses in North Korean prison' is sentenced to six-years hard labor
Man charged in reported 'cart rage' (x-post /r/madisonwi)
Caribou Remixes His Own Track "Our Love" As His Dance Alter Ego Daphni
While Writing for 'Orange Is the New Black,' I Realized I Am Gay
Gerard Depardieu claims he drinks up to 14 bottles of wine a day
Woman 'Not Sure' How Dead Body Ended Up In Her Trunk
Kanye West Yells at Wheelchair-Bound Fan to 'Stand Up' at Concert
Kanye West reportedly stops Sydney concert and asks fan in wheelchair to stand up
Kanye West Calls Out Fan in Wheelchair for Not Standing at Concert
Bras Are Now Racist Because They Come in 'Nude'
Man charged in reported 'cart rage' | Channel3000 Madison
Piers Morgan attempts to save the Union by promising to go back to the US if Scotland votes 'No' to independence
Merkel leads anti-Semitism rally
Man who named WiFi hotspot 'Bomb Location Seat 19E' causes long delay for Denver passengers
Kanye West Refuses To Continue Concert Until Fan In Wheelchair Stands Up - See more at: http://www.actionnewsjax.com/feed/entertainment/kanye-west-refuses-to-continue-concert-until-fan/fkGHf/#sthash.HTHbTqD2.dpuf
Kanye West Refuses To Continue Concert Until Fan In Wheelchair Stands Up
Two Brooklyn women tired of 'white people moving into the area' force tenants out at gunpoint, then squat in apartment
Police arrest man after he butt-dials 911 and talks about drugs
Taliban sneak back into Kandahar dressed as grape farmers.
Professor Bans College Students From Saying 'Bless You' In Class
BOOM, POW: Batman, Spider-Man Arrested Following Brawl With Man In Times Square
Harper government considers soldiers on Viagra a cabinet secret
India investigates ID card for monkey God
Report: "Play classical music at stations to calm public"
Pope marries 20 cohabiting couples in sign of papacy shift
Pizza Hut offers free pet as part of meal deal!
India probes ID card for monkey God
Lawyer: Hopeful tests show dead infants stillborn
San Diego cab drivers cry foul over body odor test at airport
Kanye West Halts Show Urging Fan in Wheelchair to Stand Up
Kanye West stops Sydney concert to tell fan in wheelchair to 'stand up'
Defiant PM fights back... Dotcom trying to save "reasonably large" butt
Miley Cyrus twerks on stage wearing prosthetic bottom
Piers Morgan To Scotland: 'If You Vote NO, I Promise To Go Straight Back To America'
Kanye West Halts Concert and Demands Handicapped Fans 'Stand Up!'
Assassin's Creed: The Americas Collection will release for PC in Europe and Australia, but not in North America
Can Corporations Go To Hell? An Existential Quandary for the Supreme Court
Man Cooks His Former Lover's Pet Dog And Feeds It To Her During Romantic Meal
Indiegogo Campaign Never Delivers Product; Founder Spotted with New Ferrari
Walmart Trip Goes Wrong When Woman Finds Neighbor Dead In Her Trunk
San Diego Unified: New MRAP Is Not A Tank
Officials beg pastor, strip club owner to end weekly protests of each other's establishments
'Orange Is The New Black' Writer Divorces Husband After Realizing She's A Lesbian Through Writing The Show
FIGHT STREET, Donetsk gunman not taken seriously by this driver
Egyptian academic demands Jews give back gold stolen during the Exodus
Kanye West Halts Concert Because Two Fans Wouldn't Stand Up for Him, But They Couldn't
British teen Stacey Irvine hospitalized after eating nothing but chicken nuggets for 15 years
Liquor stores contribute $1.2 million to fight alcohol sales - Arkansas liquor stores fight *against* legalizing sales in 75 counties
Cops Beat & Kidnap 12-yo Girl in Front of her Home, Claiming She was a Prostitute
California man cooks ex-girlfriend's dog; feeds it to her
Argentine family given permission to name son Messi
Japanese male porn stars rarer than Bengal tigers, actor says
This Photo of Kim Kardashian Contains a Top-Secret Encrypted Message
Palin's Camp Weighs In: We Brawled, But Someone Else Started It!
Bins banned as nation on high alert
Real Estate Agent Bendigo
Utah teacher shoots herself in leg after bringing gun to school
Julian Assange postpones London Fashion Week modelling debut due to 'ill health'
Nevada Gets Sued For Dumping Homeless Patients With Mental Illnesses Onto Buses
Rape Victim Allegedly Denied Entrance to Restaurant for Being Rape Victim
Study: Women prefer men with big bellies
Two Seattle police cars collide while responding to call; one crashes into parked tour bus (PHOTOS)
Would you like a hamster with that? Pizza Hut cops it for weird promo
'Django Unchained' Actress Mistaken for Prostitute, Accosted by LAPD
Sokutu apologises for anti-poor remarks
Venezuela's newest shortage: breast implants
Mystical penguin and banana nana hired as boring job titles get fired
Michael Jordan on deep learning
SEP 13, 2014 1:00PM ET / POLITICS A Visual History of Kids Being Unimpressed with President Obama
A Visual History of Kids Being Unimpressed with President Obama
Use buttocks to defend Zuma, says Sanitation Minister
Kanye West Stops Concert Because Fan In Wheelchair Won't Stand Up And Dance
Beanie Baby Collection Solidifies Area Grandma as Investing Powerhouse
Dutch stage tomato fight against Russian sanctions
Pizza Hut restaurant offers free pet as part of eyebrow-raising meal deal
California nudist camp accused of stealing water
North Korea: We have the 'most advantageous human rights system'
Man Convicted of Murder Dares Judge to Give Him the Death Penalty
China sets up first ever mobile phone lanes for 'phone addicts'
The dramatic and controversial opera telling the life of Anna Nicole Smith returns to the Royal Opera House in London.
Rotherham thong-eating dog has emergency operation
Anna Nicole returns to the Royal Opera House
Berkeley Approves Free Weed For The Poor
Islamic State attracts female jihadis from U.S. heartland
Woman Named Isis Is Not Very Happy Right Now
A Woman Named Isis Asks You to Stop Saying ISIS
All white people look the same to me - witness
Egyptian Commentator Demands Jews Return Gold Taken in Exodus
McDonald's to sue Burger King for 'racist' black burger
This Chinese city has special walking lanes for pedestrians who can't put their phones down
Last respects lane: Saginaw funeral home offers drive-thru viewing
UK customer orders walnut bread, supermarket replaces it with a whole octopus
If Ohio State Students Don't Agree "Why" They Had Sex it's Sexual Assault
Chinese City Creates Cell Phone Lane for Texting Pedestrians
Comcast Is Threatening To Cut Off Customers Who Use Tor, The Web Browser For Criminals
Chongqing unveils China's first mobile phone-only sidewalk aimed at smartphone addicts
Obama Fourth President in a Row to Go on Prime-Time TV to Announce Bombing of Iraq
Terrified five-year-old boy has his eyes gouged out with spoon by his mother and five relatives in satanic ritual
Urban Outfitters Causes Furor with 'Blood-Splattered' Faux-Vintage Kent State T-Shirt
5-Year-Old Boy Had His Eyes Plucked Out By Mother During Satanic Ritual
Chinese City Creates Cellphone Sidewalk Lane
Today show tells victims to treat home invaders like royalty
Some in Vancouver Prefer Satan to Christopher Columbus
Saginaw, Michigan funeral home offers drive-thru viewing
Urban Outfitters selling "Vintage Kent State Hoodies" complete with blood splatter
Urban Outfitters Sells "Vintage" Blood-Spattered Kent State Sweatshirt
Colombian women's flesh-coloured cycling kit 'unacceptable', says UCI
9-year-old boy from central Saskatchewan, Canada, steals bus after finding the vehicle idling on the street.
Autistic Minnesota man builds ultimate cat maze in home
Arizona GOPer Resigns After Calling for Forced Sterilization of Women on Medicaid
LAPD officer that arrested Daniele Watts deserve's an award for putting up with actresses making a scene.
Urban Outfitters Features "Vintage" Red-Stained Kent State Sweatshirt: The Ohio university is best known for the 1970 shootings on campus that left four anti-war protesters dead.
Chinese city paints street lane for mobile phone users
Nine-Year-Old in Pajamas Steals City Bus Just Because He Could
Duff dumped: Woolworths' Simpsons beer ruled 'highly appealing to children'
Golfer Gets Hole-in-One, Wins Trip into Space
My dad is staring back. Not cool, UrbanOutfitters.
Police: Husband attacked on Lower Broadway after he won't buy hat
Man convicted of homosexuality for drinking Baileys
Russia confirms Putin is commander in chief of highly-trained 'spy dolphin' units seized in Crimea from Ukraine
Man caught drinking Bailey's Irish Cream jailed for 'being a homosexual'
Teen urinates in Portland water supply, city drains reservoir of 38 million gallons
Hundreds Left Disappointed To Discover "Drug Testing At Festivals" Is Not An Actual Job
Officials beg pastor, strip club owner to end feud.
Kanye West Stops Concert After Fan In Wheelchair Doesn't Stand Up
student suspended for dealing banned Pepsi from locker
Welcome to Cameroon, where drinking Baileys can lead to imprisonment.
Korean couple let real baby starve while playing online game about caring for and raising a virtual child.
Neighbour dropped his shorts, 'danced around' naked and rubbed buttocks against parked car as he taunted horrified Polish family in Grimsby
Myspace Co-Founder Tom Anderson's New Life as a Landscape Photographer
NotTheOnion is looking for new mods!
Vet removes life threatening tumor.... from a goldfish
Chinese City Launches Special Lane for Cellphone Addicts
Vet performs life-saving surgery on goldfish
Scarcity Of Breast Implants Latest Blow To Venezuelan Economy, Psyche
Man accused of killing, cooking, and feeding his girlfriend's Pomeranian to her. Note in bag with left over paws, "How's your dog taste? I thought it was better with BBQ and those Hawaiian buns."
Students Must Agree "Why" They Had Sex or It's Sexual Assault
Covering Up With The Hijab May Aid Women's Body Image
A 10-year-old goldfish had surgery to remove a tumour, now expected to live another 20 years
A 10-Year-Old Goldfish Had Surgery To Remove A Tumor, Expected To Live Another 20 Years
Lethbridge student suspended for dealing banned Pepsi from locker
Vet saves goldfish from tumour using micro-surgery
Chinese city creates separate sidewalk lane for people who walk and text
Funeral Home Offers Drive-Thru Visitation
Urban Outfitters Sells Blood-stained "Vintage" Kent State Sweatshirt from 1970, the Same Year Four Students Were Shot on Campus
Adrian Peterson Loses Major Hollywood Movie Role After Child Abuse Indictment
deadmau5 is moonlighting as an Uber driver in his new McLaren 650S
Gravedigger Suspended After Posing for Photo With Dead Body
Tower of confusing parking signs near Culver City school removed
Russia concerned about rights of Russian speakers in the Baltics
Homeless Millennial Survives By Picking Up Women Every Night
Teen Faces Two Years In Jail For Face-Humping A Jesus Statue (Seriously)
Vikings Fan Wears Adrian Peterson Jersey, Brings Switch To Game (Photo)
Bam Bam Kam Under Investigation for Using Black Powder to Modify Shoes
Hero Rushes Stage And Stops Widespread Panic Concert
Royal Canadian Air Force raided museum for search-and-rescue airplane parts
Venezuela has chronic shortage of breast implants
Russians Campaign to Crown President as 'Czar Putin'
Batman & Spider-Man Arrested For Fighting Hecklers In Times Square
TSA Not Sure If It Groped Man Before Flight, Demands To Grope Him After Flight Is Over | Techdirt
Creepy Homeless Bro Uses NYC Women for Sex and Shelter
Kanye West has his special needs discriminated against by fan in wheelchair
Apple creates dedicated portal for users to remove unwanted U2 album
Cameroon Bailey's drinkers jailed for 'looking gay'
Cameroon Man Jailed for Ordering 'Gay' Bailey's Irish Cream
Apple releases U2 album removal tool
Apple Lets You Remove Free U2 Album You Didn't Ask For
Olive Garden Says Unlimited Breadsticks Represent "Italian Generosity"
Increased police presence at Stevenson H.S. after Facebook post
Buckingham palace dancing guardsman may face prison
Man who drank Bailey's Irish Cream jailed 'for being a homosexual'
Solar Powered Technology Helps Oil Recovery
Urban Outfitters apologizes for its blood-red-stained Kent State sweatshirt
Canon printer hacked to run Doom video game
Kidnapping because of a 30-inch moustache
'Orange is the New Black' writer divorces her husband and starts dating "Pouseey" (Samira Wiley).
Ukraine's Combat Dolphins Begin Swimming for Russia
Robin Thicke Says He Lied About Co-Writing "Blurred Lines" And Was High For All Of 2013
Congress Could Privatize Asteroids, Because There Isn't Anything Else To Do
'Django Unchained' actress handcuffed and detained after kissing white husband.
GEORGE THE GOLDFISH UNDERGOES LIFE-SAVING SURGERY
Nudists accused of stealing water to fill swim pool
Cameroon jails people for drinking Baileys, arguing that only homosexuals drink it.
NYC Man Decapitates Self In Broad Daylight
Rush Limbaugh: NFL is 'Becoming Nothing More Than an Extension of the Democrat Party Leftist Agenda'
Police: man attacked a woman making him a sandwhich (x-post /r/indianapolis)
2 Arizona counties tally more ballots than voters
Former Auschwitz guard, 93, charged with accessory to 300,000 murders in Germany
'Orange Is The New Black' Writer Divorces Her Husband, Starts Dating Poussey
Samsung accuses LG executives of "deliberately destroying" its washing machines
Celebrating International Dot Day on Social Media
10-year-old goldfish receives life-saving surgery
Russia asks Bulgarians to stop painting their statues like superheroes
Police: man attacked woman making him sandwhich
Goldfish recovering after 'high-risk' tumour removal
Suspect in Theft of Autistic Man's Birthday Money Arrested
Tucson woman brutally attacked over missed Taco Bell breakfast
Urban Outfitters apologizes for its blood-red-stained Kent State sweatshirt - The Washington Post
Alison Lundergan Grimes Goes Skeet-Shooting To Prove She's 'Not Barack Obama'
North Korea Sentences 24-Year-Old American to Six Years of Hard Labor
Cops in Georgia Nab Electric Leaf Owner Before He Can Ride Free On Your Nickel
Germany Is Charging A 93-Year-Old Accused Death Camp Guard With 300,000 Counts Of Accessory To Murder
Man caught drinking Bailey's Irish Cream jailed for 'acting like a homosexual'.
Illegally Dumping Iron Ore Into Pacific Coast Water Has "Amazing" Positive Impact, Increases Fish 400 Percent
Goldfish undergoes life-saving surgery
Common Core? 6th Graders Taught How to Use Strap-on Dildo
City in China tests sidewalk lane for cell phone users
Urban Outfitters apologizes for shirt appearing to reference Kent State shooting
'Tea party Satanist' bristles over Detroit temple's left-leaning ways
Woman Attacked by Angry Taco Bell Customer who Blames Her for Missing Breakfast Cutoff
Woman Has No Idea How Dead Body Ended Up In The Trunk Of Her Car
Gigantic "Moon Rabbit" Burns; Giant Duck Stabbed Forty-Two Times By Suspected Eagle.
Meet The Homeless Man Who Survives By Going Home With Women And Looking Good
Apple releases "U2 Removal" Tool
Olive Garden Defends Breadstick Policy
Alan Henning: Al-Qaeda appealed to Isis to release British aid worker following kidnap
China creates cell phone lane for 'zombie pedestrians' who want to text and walk
6th Graders Taught How To Use Strap-On Dildo
Curse continues! Giant rabbit goes up in flames
A goldfish in Australia is recovering from surgery after a life-threatening tumour was removed from its brain in a "high-risk" operation.
Ukrainian Soldiers Filmed Wearing Nazi Insignia Deny Nazi Links
Apple launches website to help users delete U2 album from their iTunes
Atlanta News: Teen, with baby nearby, killed man over PS4
Robin Thicke says he can't be blamed for Blurred Lines because he was high
Man With World's Largest DVD Collection Can't Find A Thing To Watch
Ex-NFLer Chad Johnson Wants To Play For Canadiens So He Can Fight Lucic, Chara
Adrian Peterson Lashes Out At Son After Arrest Costs Him Major Career Opportunity
Rabid bat attacks guitarist at campground jam session - With video.
Smart(phone) move! City unveils cellphone-only sidewalk lanes
TX Sheriff Warns Fox of ISIS Threat: 'Quran Books' Found Along Mexican Border
Vladimir Putin in charge of '007 style spy dolphins' seized by Russia from Ukraine
Urban Outfitters: "not our intention" to allude to Kent State shootings with red-spattered, holed Kent State shirt
Feminist group takes over skate park to 'Shred the Patriarchy'
Queens man picks fight with Spider-Man and Batman in Times Square: witnesses
Distraught family spends hundreds of dollars on surgery for beloved pet goldfish.
Kirsten Gillibrand: Condoleezza Rice Would Be An 'Extraordinary' NFL Commissioner
Man in an apparent vegetative state responds to Hitchcock clip
Student Wears 'Former Slave Owner' Body Paint At Football Game
New Al Qaeda Branch Attacks Wrong Ship
San Diego school takes MRAP to store 'medical supplies,' 'teddy bears'
Teen Dying Of Cancer Killed At Charity Event After Ride In Porsche Goes Wrong
Pizza Hut withdraws offer of free animals with pizza purchase Read more: http://www.theage.com.au/victoria/pizza-hut-withdraws-offer-of-free-animals-with-pizza-purchase-20140915-10h8rm.html#ixzz3DRImSBkT
KANYE WEST STOPS CONCERT BECAUSE FAN IN WHEELCHAIR WON'T STAND UP
Watch your step! Mobile phone-lane opens in Chongqing for smartphone addicts
Police: Pizza worker placed genitals on pie
Police: Georgetown pizza worker placed genitals on pie
Pranksters set up spoof passport control checkpoint on Scottish border to 'lighten' the independence debate
Climate Summit: European Union surprised Tony Abbott will not attend high level climate talks
Drive-thru funerals now open for your convenience in Saginaw, MI!
Four reasons why Harley Davidsons are bikes for homosexuals and minorities.
Arkansas woman notifies local authorities of 'dead tiger'
Apple Creates Tool for Users to Delete Unwanted U2 Album
Colombian women's cycling team causes stir with unfortunate 'naked' jersey design
Student Suspended for Selling Illicit Full-Sugar Pepsi Out of His Locker
National Party sued over Eminem copyright infringment
Apple makes it easier to delete the new U2 album from iTunes libraries
Al-Qaeda appealed to ISIS to release foreign aid worker
Pizzeria Employee Rubbed Scrotum on Pizza
Donald Trump offers President Obama free golf for resignation
Eminem Publishers Sue New Zealand National Party
Men warned to quit bush sex
Men warned to stop having sex at 'family-friendly' park
Man arrested for theft after helping himself to another man's cereal
Many Louisiana Republicans blame President Obama for Hurricane Katrina response
US President Barack Obama to send 3,000 military to fight Ebola in Africa
Tricky operation to save sick goldfish
Funeral Home offers drive-thru viewing services
Bá đạo với trò hút thuốc lá thổi khói lên tới 20 cái 1 lúc
Obama to assign 3,000 military personnel to fight Ebola
GOP wants women to buy over-the-counter birth control with all the money they aren't getting paid
U.S. to Assign 3000 Military Personnel to Fight Ebola
Paper apologizes for cartoon comparing air travel to slave ships
US to assign up to 3,000 military personnel to fight Ebola in West Africa
5th-Grader Begs Microsoft Not To Mess Up Minecraft
Hotel chain's program encourages tips for maids
Chinese City Creates Sidewalk Lane for Text Addicts
Boris Johnson to hold a referendum on becoming an independent country
Man dies while masturbating
US to Assign 3,000 From US Military to Fight Ebola
The tricky business of policing sex in public
READ: 14 year old male victim of statutory rape forced to pay child support to woman who raped him?
Robot Frets Over Moral Puzzle, Humans Die
Sailor was allegedly raped with rubber chicken, hogtied and smeared with Vegemite and Deep Heat
Online trolls are psychopaths and sadists, psychologists claim
A Death Row-themed pop-up restaurant is opening in Hoxton (London)
Penis injury not severe enough for disability support pension: tribunal
Waddy, KY. woman assualts mom, throws kittens
Scottish Parliament denies owning 'visitor' bees.
Chinese entrepreneur tries marketing menstrual pads to men, gets heavy cash flow
Ferguson Residents: They Better Rebuild the Businesses Rioters Burned Down or There will be 'Hell to Pay'
Saudi man asks for iPhone 6 as dowry for sister
Wildfire In Northern California Town Of Weed Burns 100 Homes, At Least 1,500 Evacuated
Eminem is suing a political party in New Zealand.
Police: Indiana man ate ex-girlfriend's organs
Germany Just Asked Google To Do The Impossible: Reveal Its Secret Search Algorithm
Chinese city tests out sidewalk lanes for cellphone users
Meet Boston Strong the person
Handyman who took guinea pig gets jail for trespassing
Woman commits suicide by jumping into crocodile pond
The Pornography of Jihadism
The American Dream, Angrier Than it Seems
Pet Goldfish Has Brain Surgery
Apple Launches Tool To Remove Free U2 Album
Scientists' colossal squid exam a kraken good show
Lethbridge student suspended for selling bootleg Pepsi out of high school locker
Liberals and conservatives sniff out like-minded mates by body odor
Goldfish undergoes 'high risk' brain surgery
al-Qaeda appeals to Islamic State to release British hostage Alan Henning
How Jen Selter Is Saving the Economy
Town asks Church and Strip Club to stop protesting each other.
Auckland Gay Men Warned of Having Sex in Bushes of Public Park
Olive Garden Defends Unlimited Breadsticks
Don't Be Fooled! Here's Why "Net Neutrality" Is A Very Bad Idea...
Custom PS4 Nike Air Jordans show why your next sneakers need HDMI ports
Tim Dog, Rapper Accused of Faking Death, Confirmed Dead.
Obama looks to send troops to fight ebola
Obama To Send Military Forces To Fight Ebola In Africa
Wealthy L.A. Schools' Vaccination Rates Are as Low as South Sudan's
Veterinarian Saves Goldfish With Lifesaving Surgery
The Orioles gave Derek Jeter crabs
Indiana man ate parts of girlfriend's body
Man Allegedly Cooked Ex's Dog, Served It to Her as Meal
U.S. to Send up to 3,000 Troops to Africa to Combat Spreading Ebola
Paramedics Examine Child Who Waited in Car Less Than 5 Minutes
Michigan funeral home now offers drive-thru viewings
Sheriff: Man killed as woman runs over him on their first date
Bobby Jindal: White House 'science deniers'
Funeral Home opens Drive Thru Window viewing service.
Disgruntled Teen Worker Rubs Balls on Stuffed-Crust Hawaiian Pizza
Police: Texas Pizzeria Employee Rubbed Scrotum On Pizza
Australian man pays $200 to have tumor removed from 10-year-old goldfish
U.S. pledges 3,000 troops to fight Ebola; experts say more needed
The US is now involved in 134 wars or none, depending on your definition of 'war'
'Django' Actress Says LAPD Detained Her for Kissing Husband
When pregnancy makes you violently ill
Did energy group bus homeless in to support fracking?
Thailand beach murders: Police on the lookout for 'Asian-looking' male
Death-Row-Themed Pop-Up Restaurant Has Not Gone Down Well
US military will mobilize to fight Ebola
House Republicans say yes to Obama
Cable firm boss blames rain for increase in pavement explosions in London
New Venezuela Shortage: Breast Implants
Arkansas State player fakes his own death on terrible fake punt play
Olive Garden: breadstick policy conveys 'Italian generosity'
Couple Pays Hundreds of Dollars for Goldfish Brain Surgery
City Named "Weed" Falls Victim To Devastating Fire
George the Goldfish Swims After Lifesaving Surgery
App released that tells you if the producer of products at the grocery store is a republican or democrat.
U.S. to deploy 3,000 troops to West Africa to fight Ebola
Study: Conservatives and liberals smell different
Woman commits suicide by jumping in crocodile pit
Marijuana crop found in field near St. Albans Wal-Mart
Watch vet perform life-saving brain surgery on a pet GOLDFISH
Durex Thailand sorry for tasteless 'courtesy rape' Facebook post day after Brits were murdered
WORKER CHARGED WITH TAMPERING WITH PIZZA IN GEORGETOWN
Model Spends Thousands On Plastic Surgery To Look Like A Sex Doll
Chris Davis helps lift pickup truck
This Dude Just Launched A $9,000 Facebook For The 1%
United Nations Names Leonardo DiCaprio Messenger of Peace
Women Commits Suicide by Jumping into Pond of Crocodiles at a Zoo in Bangkok, Thailand.
Baker in court for head-butting £27,000 sausage roll machine when it stopped working properly
Missouri man arrested after stealing whiskey, calling 911 on himself
Saudi human rights activist fined for driving herself to the hospital
Cats 'are stressed because we treat them like dogs'
Child Services to Mom: 'Just Don't Let Your Kids Play Outside'
Man accused of feeding ex-girlfriend her 'missing' dog and texts her asking how it tastes.
Police: Man ate ex-girlfriend's organs
Thailand's military junta is working on a romantic comedy film to lure tourists back to the country
Goldfish Undergoes Successful Surgery to Remove Tumor
Death of man found burning in skip 'not suspicious'
Sailor was allegedly raped with rubber chicken, hogtied and smeared with Vegemite and Deep Heat on HMAS Newcastle
Factory gives fighter jet to head of Russian Orthodox Church
Fox's Elisabeth Hasselbeck Draws Parallel Between NFL and Benghazi
Drive-Thru Viewing Option at One Michigan Funeral Home
Robin Thicke Admits He Didn't Really Write 'Blurred Lines,' Was High in the Studio
Cops: Man Dies After Woman Runs Over Him With Truck On First Date
Young Woman Uses Photoshop to Fake Five Week Vacation to Asia, fooling her friends and family.
Frat bro eats burrito a day for 100 days for brother with cancer
Michigan funeral home opens drive-through window
Obama: If Assad Defends Against US Attack, US Will Attack
Angry Mob Tosses Ukrainian Politician Into the Trash
Fed up with barking, man kills neighbor's dog, which apparently was not the source of the barking
Obama To Send 3,000 Military Forces To Fight Ebola
Cow Born with 3 Eyes in Tamil Nadu Worshipped as Shiva's Incarnation
Robin Thicke was too drunk and high to infringe Marvin Gaye's copyright
Cocaine found in Vatican City diplomat's car
Saginaw funeral home features drive-thru viewing
Rush Limbaugh: 'No Means Yes If You Know How To Spot It'
Budweiser 'Not Satisfied' With NFL's Handling of Abuse Scandal
Saudi Arabia's religious police stopped schoolgirls from leaving a blazing building because they were not wearing correct Islamic dress | BBC News
Spectator caught with drugs during competition for drug detection dogs
English language teacher fired for "homophone" misunderstanding
10-Year-Old Pet Goldfish Undergoes Brain Surgery to Treat Tumor
Cocaine Haul Found in 91-Year-Old Vatican Librarian's Car
Toronto trustees expense everything from $28 cookies to $4,000 walking tours of Israel
A Chinese city is asking smartphone users to walk in their own sidewalk lane
Woman named Isis wants public to change how it refers to terrorist group
Glamour model spends £30k on plastic surgery to look like a blow-up SEX DOLL
RG3 forced to turn religious T-shirt inside out, Christians get mad at gays.
New 'Facebook for Rich People' Costs Just $9,000 to Join
Acer Invents a 'Selfie Sombrero.'
Pet Goldfish Undergoes Surgery for Removal of Life-Threatening Tumor
Limbaugh on sexual assault: No means yes if you know how to spot it
Morgue Worker Admits to Sex with Over 100 Corpses
Man uses Chihuahua as a weapon
Anheuser-Busch unhappy with NFL's policing
Statutory rape victim forced to pay child support [x-post from r/worldnews]
Man uses Chihuahua as a weapon, killing the dog
High School Football Players Taunted with Bananas
3,000 Soldiers To Fight Ebola, Yet Not One for the Border
Waka Flocka Wants To Hire A Full-Time Blunt Roller For 50K A Year
You can now attach your iPad directly to your face to experience virtual reality
Woman beaten by Angry Taco Breakfast Seekers
Jameis Winston Yells "Fuck Her Right In The Pussy," Killing Meme
Netropolitan! FACEBOOK For Rich People! Facebook... for rich people...
Rush Limbaugh: Sometimes 'No' Means 'Yes'
Many homes lost to fire in Weed
Federal Program Supplies Surplus Military Gear to Schools
Source: Joan Rivers' doctor took selfie, began biopsy before her cardiac arrest
Al-Qaida appealed to ISIS to release British aid worker following kidnap
Buddha statue brings down neighbourhood crime
Outraged Swiss village of 1,000 residents forced to raise taxes after African refugee mother-of-seven moves there and costs them £40,000 a month in benefits
Saginaw funeral home opens drive-through window
Angry mob throw Ukraine MP into rubbish bin (x-post /r/worldnews)
Satanic Temple to distribute materials to school children in Florida
Rammstein - Mutter (Full Album)
Drive-Thru Funeral Window Lets You Mourn From Car
Source: Joan Rivers' doc did biopsy, selfie
U.S. man caught trying to swim to North Korea
How to Recognize and Overcome Vaginismus
Egypt Stamps Wrong Canal On Its Postage
From hairdresser to ISIS fighter
This rapper is looking to hire a 'blunt roller' for $50,000 a year
Attorney Charging Teen with Desecration of Jesus Statue Had Affair in His Office and Posted Porn Audio on Twitter
Saudi couple 'breastfed by same woman' ordered to separate after 25 yrs
Oklahoma parents so engulfed in Second Life they allegedly starved their real 3-year-old daughter: cops
Take a lot of selfies? Then you may be MENTALLY ILL
Bible-pushing Christians open the door for Satanic activity books in Florida schools
GE execs call cops on customer making customer service complaints to execs
Dennis Rodman Leaves US To Talk With ISIS
Rio robbers repent after tackling archbishop
Man accused of calling 911 to complain about not having refrigerator
Florida kids have too much homework to bother with Satanic literature
Man who held hostages in Detroit restaurant had toy gun.
CPS Called On Austin Mom For Letting Her Kids Play Outside
Homeless Man Has Multiple One-Night Stands In Order To Stay Off Streets
Texas pizza employee who rubbed genitals on customer's order apologizes
Spider-Man, Batman Arrested After Alleged Times Square Brawl
Barack Obama welcomes report saying fighting climate change can be low cost.
UPDATE: Blaze in Weed 20 percent contained
BP changes line spacing in court filing to beat page limits
Obama To Send 3,000 Military Forces To Fight Ebola In West Africa
Facebook -- for rich people (for just $9,000)
So story goes, Mike Boyer first person to buy legal #Marijuana in Spokane claims he gets fired from his job because of media coverage he so graciously agreed too.
In an attempt to put itself on the map, Alberta town develops own accent.
Alleged Cannibalism Stuns Indiana Town of Jeffersonville
Grandmothers keep accidentally tagging themselves as "Grandmaster Flash" on Facebook
U.S. to Commit Up to 3,000 Troops to Fight Ebola in Africa
New Zealand's chronic addiction to KFC exposed!
American man arrested while trying to swim to North Korea
Uma says 'human excretion' caused U'khand floods: A year after floods devastated Kedarnath, Union water resources minister Uma Bharti has revealed the "underlying" cause of the disaster -- defecation near the shrine by non-believers
Canada: Air force raids museum for spare plane parts
Homeless man gets women to take him home
US man held after attempt to 'swim to N Korea'
Belgium Will Euthanize Jailed Rapist Who Doesn't Want to Live Anymore
Disgraced televangelist now selling food for the apocalypse
Doctor Took Mid-Surgery Selfie with Unconscious Joan Rivers
drawing secrets revealed review
TV evangelist, accused rapist Jim Bakker sells survivalist kits including 'End of the World Biscuits'
Fun fact: Miss Florida slapped a shark as a kid
Man fleeing from deputies caught by bright red underwear, Seminole cops say
Man dressed as a woman robs Creedmoor bank Read more at http://www.wral.com/man-dressed-as-a-woman-robs-creedmoor-bank/13988978/#P1rGe1wlgOFsHYYL.99
Canadian "Dumpcano" dump fire finally extinguished after burning for four months
Man dressed as a woman robs Creedmoor Bank
The NFL Punishes Rihanna For Being A Victim Of Domestic Violence
Thailand recalls math textbooks over porn star cover
Saudi Arabia agrees to host training of moderate Syria rebels
Obama to Send 3,000 Troops to West Africa to Fight Ebola
Man In Cow Suit Steals Milk From Walmart
Orlando Florida Houses For Sale
Indian villagers shave their heads to mourn dead monkey
Joan Rivers' doctor clicked 'selfie' while she was out cold
California Wildfire Ravages Small Town of Weed
White middle-class New Yorkers find love online.
Man who was dressed as Pokemon when he jumped White House fence, had earlier tried to admit himself for mental health treatment but was unable to due to his healthcare coverage. Told he should talk with the president about it.
Australian sailor raped by colleagues during brutal ritual on naval ship, using Deep Heat, vegemite and a rubber chicken. (x post from r/worldnews)
Politician Dumped in Rubbish Bin
NEW YORK MAN POSTS PORN IN WINDOWS TO BOTHER IMMIGRANT NEIGHBORS
Islamic State creates jihad video game to inspire and train jihadis; characters scream "Allahu Akbar" and behead opponents
Fox News' Elisabeth Hasselbeck compares NFL's domestic abuse cases with Benghazi
Shia LaBeouf stalker hell: Star granted restraining order against 'melon-eating woman who thinks he's Albert Einstein'.
Virginity worth $5,000, rules China court
Leonardo DiCaprio appointed UN climate change representative
Buddha seems to bring tranquility to Oakland neighborhood
Nova Scotia's provincial flag confirmed 155 years later - Student discovered the flag had never been recognized by politicians in the past
Axl Rose Demands Square Melon
L.A. school district will relinquish some of the military weaponry it received from federal program
US Man Tried to Swim to North Korea 'to Meet Kim Jong Un'
North Korea a powerful temptation for some Americans
Cumberland man charged with drunk driving four times in day and half
Gay Fashion Photographer Blinded With Gasoline in Suspected Hate Crime
Eminem Sues New Zealand Political Party Over Unauthorized Song Use
Car belonging to Vatican stopped carrying 4kg cocaine
Australian sailor tied up, smeared with Vegemite and violated with rubber chicken
Cocaine and cannabis haul hidden in Vatican car seized by French police
Vatican car seized with cocaine, cannabis
Secretary-General designates Leonardo DiCaprio as UN Messenger of Peace
BP caught using 'college' tricks to cheat page count
Egyptian police use dating sites to hunt down gay people
North Korea asks for international help with volcano
Police killed a black man dressed up like an anime character
LA woman threatens to poop on dog owner's doorstep
American goes to North Korea to investigate prison conditions, gets sentenced to 6 years of hard labour
Female G.O.P. Senators Propose Earning Seventy-one Per Cent As Much As Male Colleagues
Grandma's keep accidentally tagging themselves as "Grandmaster Flash" on Facebook
Goldfish Tumor Removal Operation Went Swimmingly
Beyonce accused of Photoshopping her latest birthday bikini pictures after fans notice strange distortions in Tumblr snaps
Florida man kills his sister at her 40th birthday party while attempting 'Tombstone' gun stunt
WOMAN WHO KNOWINGLY DATED CONVICTED MURDERER GETS KILLED & EATEN BY HIM
'We love drinking blood,' says ISIS 'vampire.'
CEO and COO disappeared, most of the company's cash missing
This Kickstarter Wants To Put 'Justin Beiber's Balls In Your Mouth'
Residents Reeling After Fire Consumes Large Swath of Weed, Calif.
Chinese student dies of heart attack at sperm bank after 4th donation in 10 days
Afraid of the Ebola outbreak, ship changes course to Madagascar
A guy in my city was just arrested for towing a truck without wheels, destroying mailboxes and damaging yards.
Global warming likely to cause colder and snowier winters, scientists say
It's 5 p.m. Do you know where your vagina is?
Biden: 'Shylock' a 'bad choice of words'
Joe Biden stepped in it. Again.
This $12 Plastic Brick Shaped Like An iPhone Wants To Cure Your Smartphone Addiction
Protestors throw Ukrainian lawmaker in trash
Kokomo man arrested for damage caused by towing truck without wheels
ISIS bans math, social studies for children
You Can Make $50,000 a Year Rolling Blunts For Waka Flocka Flame
WATCH: Homeless guy claims to survive by one-night stands
Now hiring: Sex columnist, with weed focus (apply by Oct. 1)
Congressman Darrell Issa has been tweeting each line of the entire Constitution for 2+ hours straight
Drive Thru Funeral Home Offers Unusual Way To Say Goodbye
Don't Fret, Drive-Through Funeral Home Finally Exists
PETA billboard mocks bear attack victim - complete with poorly done Onion style photoshop job
Gerard Depardieu Shot Two Lions Dead 'In Self Defence' & Can Drink 14 Bottles Of Wine A Day
Castro Valley winery fined $115,000 for using volunteers
Joan Rivers' doctor snapped selfie during throat surgery: report
Shoes with an HDMI port
David Cameron says assassination would be a 'welcome release' after the Scottish referendum battles
Dead Tiger Turns Out to be Stuffed Animal
Pirate Bay Founder "Will Wear Handcuffs" to Carry Father's Coffin
Polish dev Kickstarting a game he made with his feet
Joan Rivers' doctor took selfie, began unauthorized biopsy
Pregnant Woman Fends Off Purse Snatcher Hours Before Giving Birth
BP Lawyers use slightly smaller line spacing to make their court filing stay in the page limit. Judge is not amused.
Peugeot Heirs Recover Pepper-Mill Legacy After Car Loss
Korean mayor pelted with eggs over plans to move baseball stadium
Facebook for the .01% - new site charges $9,000 for dues and a membership fee, then another $3,000 per year after that.
Florida Schools Have To Welcome Satanic Temple After Allowing Bible Thumpers To Expose Kids To Christian Materials
Unemployed boat owner ordered in Benton Court to pay $144,686 (in $60/month payments)
Dog owner bitten by man caught with pet's head in his groin
16-Year-Old Girl Fatally Shoots Gamer For His PS4 While Her Baby Looks On
Saginaw funeral home opens drive-through window - KUTV
Thanks to Christians Wanting to Distribute Bibles, Orange County (FL) Schools Will Soon Give Away Satanist Literature
Scottish independence: Man finds piece of KFC chicken that could be shape of new UK
NAACP calls on Defense Dept. to stop supplying schools with military gear
Referendum: Man shocked as he finds piece of KFC chicken that looks like the UK.. minus Scotland
Old Racist Porn Ninja Terrorizes Innocent Neighbors
Anti-Japan Protesters in China: Oops! We Thought Samsung is Japanese
U.S. Man Held for Alleged Attempt to Swim to North Korea
Tom Hanks Mows His Lawn
Joan Rivers' Doctor Took Selfie With Comedian While She Was Under Anesthesia During Final Surgery: Report
16-Year-Old Girl Fatally Shoots Gamer For His PS4 While Her Baby Looks On: Cops
Woman drops out of Cambridge University to enter into polygamous marriage to Muslim businessman with two other wives
Elmo in handcuffs after Times Square bust
Kerry Claims U.S. Has Found a Moderate Syrian Rebel
Pedicab driver was driving drunk while wearing a python, police say.
Rival Satanic factions feud in Detroit
Best Job Ever? Waka Flocka Is Hiring A Blunt Roller With An Annual Salary Of $50K
In Egypt, religious texts may be used as science references
Randy Eurasians Surprise Scientists With Ancient Sex Romp
Cocaine found in Vatican City diplomatic car
Cops: Teenager Rubbed His Junk On Patron's Pizza
Rapper Waka Flocka Is Hiring A Blunt Roller - the gig pays $50,000 a year.
Alison Bechdel Won a MacArthur Genius Grant. Because She's a Genius.
Woman calls the police after spotting 'dead tiger' on side of road
Post-Threesome Hamburger Meat Taste Test Leads to Bathroom Brawl
Waka Flocka Flame Offers $50k For Personal 'Blunt Roller'
ISIS terrorists release Hollywood-style trailer
Apple's new 'iWatch' could land you two years in jail
Liberals smell better to other liberals than to conservatives
Waka Flocka Flame Is Hiring A Blunt Roller For $50K A Year
...MP Vitaly Zhuravsky, who belongs to a party described as pro-Russian, was thrown by angry crowds into a rubbish bin.
Florida Makes Off-Grid Living Illegal - Mandates All Homes Must Be Connected To An Electricity Grid
Indianapolis man accused of killing neighborhood cat with blow darts
HIV-positive man ordered to stop spreading the disease and to seek treatment after he infected eight people in four years.
Police mistake sex doll for corpse in South Korea park
Michigan woman holds off thief, then gives birth
The 'Chance Encounter' a Football Star Had at a Bookstore That Proves You Can't Judge a Book By Its Cover
Prosecutors: Woman smothered over shoes, money
Digital Whiz-Kids Create High-Quality Music for Jihadi Groups
Is Drinking Wine Better Than Going To The Gym? According To Scientists, Yes!
Waka Flocka Is Offering $50k/Year To Roll His Weed
Man finds Scottish independence shaped KFC fried chicken!
Social Media Professor Bans Social Media in his Class
Police kill a black man dressed up like an anime character
Monroe Township to discipline firefighters after lewd banner flies at N.J. Firemen's Convention
Pizza Dude Rubs Own Balls on Pizza He Delivers
Satanists to distribute religious materials in Florida public schools
Food Babe's Ingredient Attacks Draw 'Quackmail' Backlash
Sears shares plunge after it borrows $400M from its own CEO
Earn $50,000 annually by rolling joints for Waka Flocka Flame
Xi Jinping to Chinese tourists: Please eat less instant noodles
Couple's threesome with homeless man turns violent with hamburger meat
Public university requires students to submit sexual history or face disciplinary action
Social network for rich people costs $9,000 to join
French chefs seek to put banned songbird back on menu
Americans Who Carry Concealed Weapons Keep Accidentally Shooting Themselves in Public Bathrooms
Police: 16-year-old girl, with baby nearby, killed man over PS4
Shopped at Coop Sweeden - Got receipt with nazi salute [Norwegian article, google translate link in comments.]
Florida schools open their doors to Satan
Angry passengers throw Pakistani politician off plane after getting stuck on tarmac waiting for him for two hours
Cinemas In China Allowing Audiences to Type Comments Into Phone, Appear on Screen During The Film
Court records: Jealous Bay City husband attacks new roommate in wake of threesome
Not an Onion headline: U.S. sends in the Marines on eve of Scottish referendum
Man steals banana, pretends it's a gun, robs clerk
Kanye Scores 106 Points Against Wheelchair Basketball Team
Armpit hair fire causes crash that injures teens
Oklahoma City man arrested for washing himself with mayonnaise in public fountain
Charles Woodson on Oakland Raiders: 'We suck'
Police: Video shows suspect robbing store with banana he swiped from counter near cashier
Woman Calls Police After Spotting "Dead Tiger" On The Road.
Waka Flaka Flame in need of full time blunt roller
Sheriff: Burned armpit hair led to Idaho car crash
417 per 1000 Aussies still like things to stay the same, again
This Jealous Husband Beat Up His Roommate After A Threesome And Hamburger Taste-Test
Mayor Rob Ford Diagnosed With Cancer of the Fat
Five teens hurt in rollover crash after teen sets driver on fire
Waka Flocka Will Pay You $50,000 A Year To Roll His Blunts
How to turn your iPad into virtual reality headset
Giam lag VPS 1
New Order Starts Joy Division Twitter Account, Doesn't Tell Peter Hook About It
Brittney Garner named first female high school football head coach in Tennessee history
US Senate candidate uses campaign to spread slogan: 'With Jews We Lose'
tôi và những người người bạn
North Korea wrote a 53,558-word report on its human rights record. The conclusion? It's pretty good.
Tiny Hamster Takes On Kobayashi in 'Hot Dog' Eating Contest
School Bans Teen's 'Virginity Rocks' T-Shirt
Armpit hair fire causes car crash in Boise
Teen Crashes SUV Because Idiot Friend Set His Armpit Hair On Fire
The World Is Running Out Of Hazelnuts Because People Won't F*cking Stop Eating Nutella
Seth Rogen Applies to be Wacka Flocka's Personal Blunt Roller
Metal Gear Collection 2014 isn't coming to PC, because it's a fashion line
Grandfather Busted For Prostituting Himself... To Young Women
Burned Armpit hair led to car crash
Gator Beug Are Making Porcelain Gatorade Bongs.
Senate Passes Bill for Better Sunscreen
US school districts given free machine guns and grenade launchers
Muslims in Sydney Australia calling for protest against "oppression and demonization of Muslims" after IS supporters arrested for planning to behead a random Australian non-Muslim and film it.
Mob throws Ukrainian MP in rubbish bin
Sale of toy guns banned in Atlantic City
Jokers set up fake Scotland-England border control
Federal Appeals Court Rebukes Florida Cops for Using SWAT-Style Raids to Check Barbers' Licenses
LCBO ad urging pregnant women to avoid alcohol sparks complaint
India's water minister says atheists caused 2013 floods.
Iran Court Sentences 'Happy' Dancers to 6 months and 91 Lashes
Sailor doused in Deep Heat and Vegemite, then raped with a rubber chicken
Report: Ariana Grande Hopes Her Fans All Fucking Die
Clean cheat: Civic body photoshops Delhi road image, judges spot fraud
A group of Scottish-controlled islands offered a petition supporting a referendum on independence for the islands from Scotland. The Scottish government rejected the petition.
Appeal after bag containing toilet roll is stolen from Bakewell church
You can now wear your iPad on your face
ISIS has created a jihad video game which teaches Children to behead opponents
Joe Biden, rebuked by Jewish group, apologizes, then refers to 'Orient'
Archbishop of Canterbury admits doubts about existence of God
Unhappy News for Happy Iranians
US man arrested for trying to swim to North Korea, told border guards he wanted to meet Kim Jong-un
Murder defendant wears 'Crime Pays' T-shirt to court.
Vancouver resident selling a jar of Kevin Spacey's breath
Chinese man divorces and sues wife over ugly children...and wins.
Mother and Daughter Come Out about Lesbian Relationship
Woman declared dead by government is very much alive
Group therapy in south Jersey ends in stabbing
Burned Armpit Hair Led to Idaho Car Crash
Iranians sentenced to 91 lashes for Pharrell 'Happy' video
Iran sentences six youths dancing in 'Happy' video to six months in jail, 91 lashes
Purr-fect casting! Aubrey Plaza (known for sullen character on Parks and Recreation) is chosen as the voice of Grumpy Cat movie
How a Hamas Anthem Became a Hit in Israel - Why Israeli kids are singing 'Up, Do Terror Attacks!'
Aubrey Plaza set to voice Grumpy Cat in Lifetime Movie
Miley Cyrus facing possible jail time after being spanked with a Mexican flag
Aubrey Plaza of 'Parks and Rec' will voice Grumpy Cat (in a Lifetime movie)
Grumpy Cat to Star in Lifetime Holiday Movie (Exclusive)
Aubrey Plaza to Voice Grumpy Cat in Lifetime Movie
Sheriff: Burned Armpit Hair Led to Crash
Melbourne surfer accidentally solves crime while reporting theft to police
FAA Discovers That Commercial Pilots Suck at Manually Flying Planes
Man arrested for bathing with mayonnaise in OKC fountain
Thai PM says only "not beautiful" women in bikinis are safe from rape
KFC chicken piece seen to predict Scottish independence
'Kill yourself' doctor suspended
Dr. Dre's Next Album Won't Be Called Detox [x-post from r/hiphopheads]
Dr. Dre's Next Album Won't Be Called Detox
The Dude From Papa Roach Got Herpes From Kissing His Uncle
Venezuela's breast implant shortage
Chick-fil-A customer drops $1,000 to help out drive-thru customers
Twitter's CEO Will Respond To Whether He's High Once He Finishes These Doritos
Estate agent sacked for 'stealing chocolate bar' during viewing
Fried Chicken Convinces Man Scotland Will Vote for Independence
Drunk teachers ruin school trip to Hamburg
Mystery U.S. buyer offers £50 for big onion
Cops called for skunk stuck in beer can
Seth Rogen hired as Waka Flocka Flame's 'official blunt roller'
Squid Impregnates Woman's Mouth
Student activists told to remove table from Penn State 'Free Speech Zone'
'Local Grandmother Quilts Giant Penises' (SFW)
Missing Driver Says He Woke Up in a Field of Donkeys
Man Boldly Sits Wherever He Wants by Bringing Own Comfy Chair on the T
Hearses to Parade Through Hell
Murder 'Comes Naturally' to Chimpanzees
Man robs convenience store with stolen banana
North Korea Leads the World in Human Rights, Says Report by North Korea
Isis: British Reporter John Cantlie in New Islamic State Hostage Video
New Mormon Converts Must Pay to be Baptized?
Toronto's next new bus route might be crowdfunded
Penguins coach says players who dump puck in training camp 'will be hit with a Taser'
Scottish independence referendum leads to surge in sales of Braveheart
Is Kim Jong ill? North Korean dictator in poor health as his weight has ballooned thanks to an obsession with cheese
Miley Cyrus: Mexican Flag Ass Stunt Triggers Criminal Investigation
Yea, saw this on my local news site. First post to this sub.
Miley Cyrus gets spanked with Mexican flag, criminal investigation
Six-year-old handcuffed, arrested for temper tantrum
Mexico's Official Independence Day Fiesta Was a Disaster
Schools stockpile grenade launchers, M16 rifles, armored vehicles and other military equipment
Armed men demand money inside IHOP
Kanye West Scores 106 Points Against Wheelchair Basketball Team
R&A women's membership vote: Chief exec confident on 'yes' vote
Archbishop of Canterbury admits he has doubts about God
Armpit hair fire causes car crash that injures five teens
Man posts porn in windows to bother immigrant neighbors
US man arrested for trying to swim to North Korea, told border guards he wanted to meet Kim Jong-Un (X-Post from /r/worldnews)
Drink Baileys in Cameroon, Go to Jail for Being Gay
LA School District Reluctantly Gives Up The Grenade Launchers The Pentagon Gave Them
'With Jews we lose,' reads one Senate candidate's slogan in Kentucky
Three armed robbers steal $4, Bible from 56-year-old Detroit man
Dennis Rodman Leaves US To Talk With Leaders Of ISIS
Aubrey Plaza will play Grumpy Cat, so let's cast actors for other memes
U2 Thinks Putting Its Album on Your iPhone Is "Really Punk Rock"
The Islamic State Is Messing Up Other People's Acronyms
Rhode Island man gets 4 DUI's in under 48 hours.
Swedish court accepts 'sexsomnia' defence and acquits man of rape
Wal-Mart Mexico Unit Probed on Complaints of Cockfight
What Was Supposed to Be a Quick Craigslist Sale Ends With a Teen Girl Murdering a Man In Cold Blood
Rhode Island man is free on bail after getting charged with 4 DUI's in just under 48 hours
Teen lights driver's armpit hair on fire, causes crash
armpit hair blamed for crash that injured five teens
Crash linked to teen prankster reportedly setting driver's armpit hair ablaze
Threesome With Homeless Man Turns Violent After Beef Taste-Test: Cops
'Draking' takes over wheelchair signs in Toronto
Doctor who molested women is now taking only male patients.
Polygamous religious sect dodges subpoena with Hobby Lobby ruling
Andrew Cuomo Confirms He Has Not Murdered Any Unicorns
Mississauga doctor who sexually abused female patients can now only treat men
Congress Heads Home After Exhausting Eight Days of Work
'Only ugly people are safe in bikinis here,' Thailand's Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha says
Peyton Manning says legalized pot has been good for his pizza business
Armpit Hair Fire Triggers Car Crash
Essential Tip Tuesday: Combat Ebola with Essential Oils.
Chinese city opens 'phone lane' for texting pedestrians
Peyton Manning Credits Weed For His Thriving Pizza Business
Limbaugh: FSU football player will be cheered for 'guts' to yell 'f*ck her in the p*ssy'
Survey: Most Americans Can't Name All Three Branches of Government
Archbishop admits 'doubts about God'
Oracle misses a quarter's targets, so they replace Ellison as CEO with Hurd(s) Catz. Did they not say these guys' names out loud first?
Lake Monster Exists, Concludes Icelandic Commission
Alaska spends $2.4 million tax dollars to develop origami anal condoms
Guy arrested while washing hair with mayonnaise in pubic fountain
School District gets MRAP to Store "Teddy Bears"
U.S. Farmers are Ditching Tobacco for Chick Peas as Demand for Tobacco Decreases and Demand for Hummus Skyrockets
ISIS Terrorists Post a Selfie with John McCain
There's a Social Network That Costs $9,000 to Join | VICE United States
Mississauga doctor sees male-only patients after sexual abuse discipline
Missing driver says he woke up in field of donkeys
Guy arrested while washing hair with mayonnaise in public fountain
Does spanking harm the black community?
Lethbridge student suspended after dealing banned Pepsi from locker
Democrat group to IRS: Look into Scott Brown's grooming deductions
Murder 'comes naturally' to chimps
Police: Cardinals' Jonathan Dwyer Head-Butted Wife For Refusing Sex
SUV full of teenagers crashes after driver's armpit hair lit on fire.
Jonathan Dwyer head-butted his wife after she refused sex, police say
Vick says Goodell 'doing a great job'
When Food Comes To Warren Buffett, It's A Salt Shaker 'Snowstorm'
Miley Cyrus in trouble after Mexican flag-spanking stunt
French actor Gerard Depardieu, 65, admits to drinking 14 bottles of wine a day - despite having a quintuple heart bypass - says that he 'never gets drunk'.
Threesome With Homeless Man Turns Violent After Beef Taste-Test
Doctor Doom, Eric Pianka, Receives Standing Ovation from Texas Academy of Science, "Enthusiastically advocated the elimination of 90 percent of Earth's population by airborne Ebola"
ISIS bans math, sport, social studies for children
Threesome with homeless man turns bad when mincemeat is introduced
Woman Mistakes Stuffed Toy for Real Tiger
Woman sues Jimmy John's....
Peyton Manning Infers Pizza Business Is 'Good' in Colorado Due to Legalization
Americans support the president's ISIS policy - but not the president
Sheriff: Burned armpit hair led to car crash
Spanking Is Great for Sex Which is why it's grotesque for parenting
14-year-old girl raped while serving as 'bait' in middle school sting
SLCPD: Angry, guitar-swinging panhandler terrorizes McDonald's
Angry, guitar-swinging panhandler terrorizes McDonald's
Queen Rips "Scottish Bastards," Threatens to Make Scots Heel Like Corgis
Nigeria: Is Ebola Meme Being Used to Spread Fears Virus 'Was Created by White People'?
Canberra public servant took longer work breaks 'to get soy milk in organic coffee'
L.A. schools police will return grenade launchers but keep rifles, armored vehicle
Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby Questions Whether God Exists
Apple intercepts Microsoft's Surface tablet NFL play
Police: Penn Township man was 'lonely,' so he called 911
Funeral Home In Michigan Offers A Drive-Thru Viewing Lane
Terrorist raids: family say they were terrified
Rob Ford musical to go on. with tweaks.
First person to buy an iPhone 6 in Perth immediately drops it during TV interview
Hollywood Has Realized That Movies Starring Women Can Make Money
Teen lights driver's armpit hair on fire, vehicle rolls
Captive British journalist named "Cantlie" forced to present documentary style ISIS propaganda video.
Illuminati spelled backwards + .com takes you to NSA homepage!
I need a bigger iPhone - and so do you!
Michael Vick: Roger Goodell 'doing a great job'
Student put in detention for sharing school lunch
Long armpit hair fire leads to crash
University President asks students to not wear shorts that reveal ankles.
Mexico Walmart store investigated for alleged cockfight
Student in tears after being kicked out of iPhone 6 queue
Banana peel study, ugly art research win Ig Nobel spoof awards
Homeowner Recounts Stabbing Intruder with Spear
Top 10 Bizarre Toilet Deaths
Iranians Behind the 'Happy In Tehran' Video Sentenced to 91 Lashes
Lighting driver's armpit hair on fire caused Idaho rollover crash: cops
t.A.T.u singer wouldn't love a gay son
Hoax: Do Not Try To Charge Your iPhone In The Microwave
Cops say man used banana to rob store
Why are London pavements exploding?
Man pleads guilty to vandalizing Banksy graffiti
'Happy in Tehran' Dancers Are Given Suspended Sentences
Burned armpit hair causes Idaho car crash
Fresh act: 87-year-old felon Edwin Edwards wants back in Congress
Prince Harry enjoys secret Sex Tape date at the cinema with ex-girlfriend Cressida Bonas
New England Patriots star Tom Brady shares his old resume, reveals how dull his life may have been without the NFL
Facepalm: DD news anchor fired for calling China President 'Eleven Jinping'
All Hail Vulvatron, GWAR's Unlikely New Vocalist
Xi Suggests Chinese Tourists Eat Less Instant Noodles
First iPhone 6 Buyer Does an Accidental Drop-Test on TV
Is Apple's iPhone 6 Plus too big for women?
Los Angeles Unified School District gives up it's grenade launchers, keeps 60 M-16s and Armored Vehicle.
Indian state TV anchor sacked after naming Chinese President Xi 'Eleven'
Doordarshan anchor sacked after naming Chinese President Xi 'Eleven'
Republicans Ask Joe Biden To Stop Embarrassing America
Josh Gordon will continue as a car salesman during ban
Indian TV news anchor fired after calling Chinese President Xi Jinping 'Eleven Jinping'
Don't find fault. Find a remedy. (Henry Ford)
US Trademark Office Renews Trademark on "REALITY"
Man arrested for setting his girlfriend's vagina on fire
Tatu 'lesbian' makes homophobic slur: All The Things She Said singer says she wouldn't accept her son if he was gay
Spanish police mistake Morocco's king for human smuggler
Armed with banana, man robs Philadelphia store, slips away on bike
Two year out-of-date timetable at bus station leaves family wondering how son will get to school
Water plant floods, pushes sewage to overflow
Two year out of date timetable at Wisbech bus station leaves family wondering how son will get to school
Student convinced family she was on trip around Asia - despite NEVER leaving her bedroom
Indian TV news anchor fired after calling Xi Jinping 'Eleven'
Russia calls foul over Scottish referendum - Russian observers say the count took place in rooms that were too big and did not meet international standards
Condoms 'too small' for Uganda men
First Person to Buy an iPhone 6 Drops It on Live TV
Chinese First lady asks an "Asian looking" student in India whether he is Chinese.
Square Enix unveils cloud gaming business Shinra Technologies
Report: Dying in America Harder Than It Has to Be
How I Infected 324 Men with HIV - Female Student Reveals.
First guy to buy an iPhone 6 drops it on live television. There is a God, and he is just.
First iPhone 6 Buyer Drops It Right After Opening It
Russia calls foul over Scottish referendum
First Person To Buy The New iPhone 6 Drops It Immediately
Jennifer Lawrence Went to a Coldplay Show and Knew Every Word
NJ Candidate Drops Out Of Race Over Yelling Slurs With His Pants Down
...administrators kept jobs or were promoted after teen used as 'bait' raped in school bathroom
Drunken Tennessee man vows to join Islamic State after arrest
Russia, lacking a concept of irony, cries foul over Scottish independence vote.
Sepp Blatter tweets about ethics in football
Politician accused of dropping pants, hurling racist slurs dropping out of race
Monstrous human being sets girlfriend's vagina on fire, yells at her for crying
Virginity worth US$5,000, Chinese court rules
It's 2014: Why Are Men Still Paying for First Dates?
Iran: Happy video dancers sentenced to 91 lashes and jail
Police seize 190 pounds of illegally harvested ginseng
College president issues video game challenge
Apple and U2 Aren't Done Annoying You
Forget Standing Desks. Hamster Wheel Desks Are What's Up
Sarah Palin Calls on Obama to Invade Ebola
Hamster Wheel Standing Desk
Miley Cyrus ticks off Mexico by flossing big fake butt with its flag
Shanghai man: Rent girlfriend for iPhone 6 money
Russia cries foul over Scottish independence vote
University Demands Students, Faculty Submit Invasive Sexual History Survey
Monkey Attack Terror: Tears Testicle off Baby, eats it
Pro-Russian Separatist Hints Scottish Referendum Results Were Falsified
Televangelist: Nazi-Style Gas Chambers And Concentration Camps Now In America
Armpit Hair Set On Fire causes auto accident in Idaho
NYT: "The rear is fast becoming the erogenous zone of choice in America"
Mom whose baby died on airport conveyor belt sues manufacturer
Revel bidder plans to build a university next to casino
Union Claims New Walker Ad Violates Workplace Safety Rules
Write-in Kentucky candidate for U.S. Senate campaigns on "With Jews We Lose"
Man arrested for killing ex-girlfriend, eating her brain
L.A. School District Police: We'll Return The Grenade Launchers, Not The Armored Vehicle
Biden Invokes Former Senator Known for Sexual Assault at Women's Leadership Forum
The three things that caught my eye yesterday were pants that did not make it down to the ankle; faces of young men not clean-shaven; and shorts on campus.
Odyssey spins on I-15, driver says 'I had a dream' foreboding accident
Sepp Blatter: Fifa's ethics unmatched by other sports organisations
Inspired by Scotland: Quarter of Americans want their states to secede from US
Ex-Jordan MP says Jews use Christian blood to make matzah
Woman sues Jimmy John's for forgetting the sprouts on her sandwic
Vladimir Putin seeks power to 'unplug' Russia from Internet: Report
Police Vehicle Slams Into South Jersey Doughnut Shop
Minnesota: Muslim Group Pushes for Taxpayer-funded Sharia-Compliant Food Bank
Maine GOP demands apology from Democrat for blogger's lewd soundtrack
Jesus Was Crucified Because Disciples Were Armed, Bible Analysis Suggests
Watch: Getting the iPhone 6 was the most exciting moment of his life
ISIS released a movie in HD titled "Flames of War"
Tuscan demon-busters told to go by the book after a rise in irregular exorcisms
TIME: Slavery Matters More Than Ever
Pass the Brewski? Pabst Sold to Russian Company
Cops: Man cooks & eats murdered girlfriend's brain
Line to exchange Ray Rice jersey longer than line for iPhone6
Strokes Frontman Julian Casablancas Says He Left NYC Because Of Too Many 'White People Having Brunch'
Kanye West insists disabled fans stand up at Sydney concert
Bacon - a New Cure for Nosebleeds
t.A.T.u. Singer Would 'Condemn' A Gay Son, Wouldn't Mind If Her Daughter Was A Lesbian
Quebec Break-In Suspect Dubbed 'World's Hottest Criminal'
First Owner Of The iPhone 6 Drops Phone Upon Opening Package
Tatu 'lesbian' Yulia Volkova makes homophobic slur: All The Things She Said singer says she wouldn't accept her son if he was gay
Joan Rivers stuns Facebook followers with iPhone 6 post
Clever Land Artist Copyrighted Earth to Beat an Oil Pipeline
Exile on North Seventh Street: Mikheil Saakashvili, Georgia's Ex-President, Plots Return From Williamsburg, Brooklyn
SUV full of teenagers crashes in Idaho after passenger lights driver's armpit hair on fire
First Drop of the iPhone 6
Theatregoers get The FULL Full Monty after lighting blunder during show's opening night
Priest found guilty of raping dozens of children and a sled dog
NJ officer crashes into Dunkin' Donuts
CNN's Don Lemon: We Should Beat Our Kids Because It Worked For Slave Masters
Now you can pay $45 to strap and iPad to your face
Police SUV crashes into South Jersey Dunkin' Donuts
NJ Police Car Crashes Into Dunkin Donuts
Sufi Holy Man Is Arrested For Killing Volunteer He Failed to Bring Back to Life During Promised Miracle
North Korea refuses to send "army of beauties" to Asian Games. Will just send athletes instead.
Britain's most prolific shoplifter jailed again for 341st offence
Joan Rivers Promotes iPhone 6 Feet Under
Girl gets stuck in washing machine
Teens injured in wreck caused by armpit hair fire.
t.A.T.u's fake lesbian Yulia Volkova is a massive homophobe - says she would 'condemn my son for being gay'
Grindr: accurately predicting Scottish referendum results since 17 September
Marin County, CA, Trades Ice Cream, Raffle Tickets for Violent Video Games
Joan Rivers posts from the grave: 'I've just bought an iPhone!'
LA Lawyer Faces Bar Suspension For Using Photoshop To Create Celebrity Friends
Police: Man broke into Shelburne Police Department - WCAX.COM Local Vermont News, Weather and Sports-
Man desperate for iPhone 6 rents out GIRLFRIEND to fund Apple handset
DEA Shoot Grandmother Reaching For Baby During Raid, According to Son
North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un may be seriously ill from eating too much Emmental cheese: report
People searching for iPhone at Green Bay's Apple Store only find produce
Former Virginia Republican Gubernatorial Candidate Cuccinelli sues 'scam PAC' for allegedly misleading his supporters
Guy drops brand new iPhone 6
Polygamist women wearing ninja costumes armed with knives and a stun gun attacked two adults in Utah town.
New World's Biggest Onion is an eye-watering sight
lesbian singer from t.A.T.u says she would condemn a gay son.
Miley Cyrus angers authorities after twerking on Mexican flag
REPORT: Wal-Mart Mexico Hosted An In-Store Cockfight
Police cruiser slams into Dunkin' Donuts
Police Vehicle Slams Into South Jersey Doughnut Shop Leaving Officer Hurt
Girl, 14, raped in school toilets as teachers 'use her as bait' and forget about her
Hotty In Hot Water
Bacon can stop a nosebleed - and other Ig Nobel discoveries
Crowd gasps as guy drops new iPhone on live TV
Armpit hair fire causes crash that injures Idaho teens
First iPhone 6 Buyer Lives Nightmare, Immediately Drops It on Live TV
Kaley Cuoco Told Parents About Nude Photo Hack Via Email
A Fox Host Finally Connected The NFL Domestic Violence Controversy To Benghazi
Maine Dem Promotes Video Calling for Susan Collins to Perform Multiple Sex Acts
Cult Designer Selling Skateboard Without Wheels for $15,000
GOP House Candidate Open To War With Mexico 'If We Need To'
Top End man attacked by croc, escaped by wrestling and poking it in the eyes, then drank beer as first aid
NC Republican wants to 'laser or blitz' Mexico and court-martial Obama
In ninja gear and claiming to be polygamists, women invade Utah home
Polygamist women in ninja costumes attacked two adults in West Jordan, police say
GOP congressional candidate endorses going to war with Mexico over undocumented immigrants
Could SNL political sketches be illegal?
Man Who Wants to Live Forever on an Ocean Platform by Himself Accuses Twitter of Being Stoned
Beer truck thieves caught, but some brews still missing
Victims of 'ninja' attack say polygamous women were targeting witness in rape trial
Weak-Chinned, Horribly Tattooed Man Escapes From NW Ohio Jail
Peyton Manning Implies Pizza Business Is 'Good' in Colorado Due to Legalization
Newsreader Sacked for Calling Chinese President 'Eleven Jinping'
Finland man finds his first car 40 years later in spot where he abandoned it
Cop crashes into a Donut Shop
Kanye West Calls 2Pac "Most Overrated Rapper in History"
CIA Halts Spying on Western Europe
Medical Student Masturbates to Death at Sperm Bank
Ig Nobel Prizes 2014: From Jesus On Toast To Baby Feces In Sausages
Indian news anchor mistakes Chinese president's name for roman numerals, pronounces as "Eleven Jinping", loses job.
Joan Rivers posts a facebook post status about her new iPhone 6
Metallica to Release 27 Live Albums
Vietnamese man in Germany admits killing and eating his neighbour's pet
Flake, Dem rival rough it on 'survivalist style' for TV show
American-Muslim Student Coldly Admits Support of Hamas, Hezbollah in Murder of All Jews
Australian man attacked by croc, escaped by wrestling and poking it in the eyes, then drank beer as first aid
Missing Man Found Safe In Rowboat
erase wrinkles and fine lines from your skin
Florida Satanic Church Is Now Passing Out Children's Coloring Books In Public Schools
Satanic Coloring Books Distributed at Florida Public Schools
The Islamic State is upset with the French government's new name for them
Tinchy Stryder collaborates with the Chuckle Brothers
Development of anal 'origami' condoms cost taxpayers $2.4 million
Texas court upholds right to take 'upskirt' pictures
Big leap and mark by Sydney's Luke Parker in the AFL
Busch Gardens Pulls Gory Halloween Props After Complaints They Were ISIS Reminders
Busch Gardens removes headless Halloween props in wake of ISIS beheadings
'Gimp Man of Essex' aiming to spark debate while fundraising
Teen admits he killed his parents because they took his iPod away
'Gimp Man' aims to spark debate
Illinois judge rules police entitled to Swat raid over parody Twitter account
Mom, daughter charged in genitalia-image-in-grass prank
Police Car Slams Into NJ Dunkin' Donuts
Guy convicted of credit card fraud photoshops himself into charity pictures to convince the jury he is a good person, gets caught for using the same image of himself twice and 4 years added onto his sentence
Mexicans Are Generally Pissed About Miley Cyrus Flossing a Butt with Their Flag
T.A.T.U. Singer Would 'Condemn A Gay Son' Because 'No Man Has A Right To Be A Fag'
'What's wrong with eating a cat?': Vietnamese man in Germany admits killing and barbecuing his neighbour's pet - and doesn't understand what's wrong with it
Ira Glass stunned so many people want his ringtone from 'BoJack Horseman'
Joan Rivers posts on Facebook about her iPhone 6
Study proves New Yorkers are obsessed with brunch
Restaurant Gives Zero Sh*ts About Gluten Free, OK?
Man who ate napkins to conceal insider trading pleads guilty
Isis are really upset with the French government's new name for them
Iraqi's new sitcom features the Devil, Jewish woman, and their son, the ISIS Caliph
Calif. School District Will Get Rid Of Controversial Armored Vehicle
Cumberland man charged with DUI four times in two days
GTA-ISIS: Militants hooking youngsters with 'Jihad video game' trailer
Indian TV news anchor sacked after referring to Chinese president Xi Jinping as Eleven Jinping
Teenage girl launches career as a professional mermaid
t.A.T.u. Singer Says She Would 'Condemn' A Gay Son
Sarah Palin Sends Condolences to Scottish 'Leader' Mel Gibson
Girl aged 14 raped in school toilets after teachers' plan to 'use her as bait' backfires
Study shows that Internet trolls are narcissists, psychopaths, and sadists
Kanye West is a professor at Los Angeles Trade Technical College
Polygamist women dressed 'like ninjas' attack home of witness in Utah sex assault case
"Sheriff: Burned armpit hair led to car crash" Seriously Boise?
Burned armpit hair leads to crash
Air Force Removes God From Chain of Command
Harry Potter Rewritten by Mother for her Christian Children [xpost /r/atheism]
'Special child', 14, raped in school toilet after teachers used her as a 'bait' to catch a sex offender
The European Centre for Disease Control (ECDC) reported that on 2 September 2014, 45 litres of concentrated live polio virus solution was released into the River Lasne in Belgium
Man calls the police EIGHT TIMES in two hours because his flat didn't have a fridge
Kim Kardashian is latest celebrity victim of nude photo leak among other stars: report
Moose class-action lawsuit dismissed, province found not liable
ISIS terror group releases trailer for GTA-like recruitment and training video game
Grand Theft Auto: ISIS? Militants reveal video game (x-post from r/worldnews)
Intruder Made It Through White House Doors, Secret Service Says
Grand Theft Auto: ISIS? Militants reveal video game
10 ways you are being unfaithful to your spouse - and you don't even know it
Michigan State beats Eastern Michigan So Badly They Forget How To Play Football
Grease Parody Aims to Legalize Marijuana
BBC News - Who, What, Why: How dangerous are swans?
Who, What, Why: How dangerous are swans?
Petition garners early support for creation of Wolverine statue for Edmonton
Fake lesbian singer Yulia Volkova of t.A.T.u says she would condemn her son if he were gay
San Diego School Police To Return 18-Ton Military Vehicle
Kanye West Serving Community Service Hours as a Teacher
Meth charge dropped after only spaghetti sauce found on spoon
Elijah Wood backs Scottish independence, then claims he thought they were talking about independent Scottish cinema
Kim Jong-un is said to be in poor health as his weight has ballooned thanks to an obsession with Swiss cheese.
The father of 26 children who's helping to preach birth control
Canadian Fans Want a Life-Sized Statue of Wolverine in Edmonton City Hall
Man ejected from flight for drawing in a notebook about the overblown threat of terrorism
Goldfish has life-saving operation to remove tumor
'I'm no witch' protester tells court
'Star Trek 3' Causes Roberto Orci to Leave 'Power Rangers' Reboot
Kentucky firefighter dies after ice bucket challenge accident
Bus driver crashes bus - Hasn't had a license since 1984
Man robs store with a banana
Giàn phơi thông minh seri 68b
Portland cancels bad weather bike ride due to bad weather
Teen Paralympic prospect pleads for docs to cut off her 'healthy' leg
Islamic State adapt Grand Theft Auto game into 'virtual jihad' recruitment drive for kids
>Fatah blames Hamas for phenomenon of Palestinians trying to flee Gaza
St. Louis Police Academy Promotes 'Highly Entertaining' Course On Michael Brown Shooting
Ivory Coast Uses "Soap Bucket Challenge" to Help Limit Spread of Ebola
Chinese invented automatic sperm extractor. What would you name this thing?
Officer Suffers Minor Injuries After Crashing Into Dunkin' Donuts In South Jersey - CBS Philly
Finding Nemo Clownfish's Epic Journey Is Real
German taxpayers funding anti-Israel hate
'Eleven Jinping': Indian TV fires anchor over blooper
The Human Ken Doll Is Not Impressed With the Human Barbie
Passenger ejected from flight over notebook doodles
Man Drops New iPhone Seconds After Buying It
iCloud hacker strikes again: Kim Kardashian, Hope Solo and Kaley Cuoco appear to be the latest victims in new wave of nude celebrity photos posted online
Joan Rivers Posts a Facebook Status About Her iPhone 6
Internet Trolls Are Narcissists, Psychopaths, and Sadists
Fire Captain Injured in Ice Bucket Challenge Dies
YG: Tupac Is Still Alive "Who Do You Love" rapper reveals his conspiracy theory, questions why hip hop legend's death was never solved.
Police: Man Gave Gun To Son Who Threatened Suicide [x-post from /r/MorbidReality
Is the world going nuts?
Man who hid fake moustache under water valve waits five months to finish terrible pun.
Puppy rapist sentenced to five years.
Essex 'Gimp Man' is Just Trying To Challenge Perceptions and Raise Money for Charity, He Says
Deranged Woman Thinks Shia LaBeouf Is Albert Einstein
ISIL fanatics fear being killed by a woman will deprive them of virgins in paradise
Swedish voter uses JavaScript code as write-in candidate
Marvel's New Hero Wants To Save The World - And The Citrus Industry
Obama Plans To Completely Ban Christianity From The Military By 2017
TV anchor fired after naming Chinese President Xi 'Eleven' - The Globe and Mail
Qantas flight diverted because of drunk, Scotch-stealing passenger
Police: Lonely man made repeated 911 calls
Florida Cops are using SWAT Teams To Check On Barbershop Licenses.
Ten killed in road crash while carving up a hippopotamus.
California boy gets detention for sharing school-prepared lunch with another student
Special needs girl raped after being used as bait to catch sex-offending teen (repost from /r/wtf)
Student uses Photoshop, Facebook to fool family into thinking she took trip to Asia
Studies show Australians rarely have sex while they're sober
Former Blackwater CEO says his mercenaries could have stopped ISIS if not for Obama
Mary Landrieu Assisted a Keg Stand at LSU Tailgate
Ray Lewis: "Some Things You Can Cover Up ... Some Things You Can't"
Ray Lewis on Ray Rice: 'There's some things you can cover up, and then there's some things you can't'
Against Florida State, Clemson's 'Clemsoning' was the most 'Clemsoning' Clemson ever Clemsoned
The Gimp Man of Essex: 'I don't go round to scare people, I want to do good'
'I'm not trying to scare people', says the Gimp Man of Essex
Man Waits in iPhone Line for Two Days to Win Back Estranged Wife
Suburban Dad Suspends NFL At His Home, In Wake Of Controversy
Rick Perry suggests Joan Rivers might not have died under Texas abortion laws
Lions player injures himself doing celebratory hip thrust
Federal Appeals Court Ridicules Florida Cops For Using SWAT Team To Check On Barbershop Licenses
Secret Service reviews White House security after fence-jumper enters mansion
Tortoise escapes from a Florida backyard and brings traffic to a crawl
Candidate faces lawsuit for sawing garage in half in ongoing property dispute
Woman Beats Men in Rap battle, so They Rape, Set Her on Fire and Shoot Her
Court Ruling Makes Taking Pictures Up Women's Skirts Legal in Texas
Multi-millionaire was so happy his wife survived cancer he gave away his entire £16million fortune to help other patients but then she left him because she was so fed up
Ray Lewis talks about covering up crimes.
CNN Poll: One in four Americans worry about getting Ebola
Obesity is Africa's new crisis
Mary Landrieu wants your vote - and will help you keg-stand in order to get it
Why this tiny Italian restaurant gives a discount for bad Yelp reviews
Fox News priest demands government ban Satanic masses 'in the name of free speech'
Alessandro Florenzi, Roma midfielder, gets yellow card after hugging grandma
Local Fox Affiliate Mistakes a Guy Smoking a Bowl for a Guy Texting
Elderly Man Displays Porn on Window in an Attempt to Drive Away Neighbors
Homeless Guy Survives In NYC By Picking Up Women Every Night
Transgender Kentucky Couple Plan To Tell Their Children Mom Used To Be Dad And Dad Was Originally Mom
Man apologizes after trying to toss drug-filled football into prison yard
You Must Stick Your Head in a Giant Boob to Play a Demo at Tokyo Game Show
Man suffers after planting metal balls in penis to boost sexual prowess
Air Food One Delivers Airline Food Right To Your Door
Firefighter dies after Ice Bucket Challenge accident
Skunk with head stuck in beer can rescued in Ohio
'All About That Bass' Actually Sounds Really Terrible Without Any Treble
Chinese court orders man to pay woman $5000 for 'violating her right to virginity'
Owner lifts a finger to save her dog
Husband hopes iPhone 6 will win back estranged wife
Man mistakes friend for deer, kills him with arrow
'Game Of Thrones' Superfan Goes Medieval On A Home Intruder
Được và mất khi sử dụng giàn phơi?
Burned Armpit Hair Blamed in Car Crash
Leonard Cohen turns 80, will start smoking again
Truck full of frozen chicken catches fire and closes I-84 east of Pendleton
'Mighty Mom' Breast Pumping Toolbelt Wins MIT Hackathon
Man who tried to sell crushed pop tart as cocaine prosecuted for fraud
Man Who Had Sex With His Puppy Will Go to Prison for Five Years
Soylent Green is Mittens!
Gun-toting pastor catches thieving grandmother
Cocaine found in Vatican librarian's car
218 tortoises recovered, one arrested
Florida Man Successfully Receives Penis Transplant From Horse
Woman undergoes surgery to add third breast
Fr. Jonathan Morris: Satanists Provoke Anger So No Free Speech For Them!
KTVA reporter quits on-air, reveals herself as owner of Alaska Cannabis Club
Pastor Catches Thieving Grandmother, Holds Her At Gunpoint Before Police Arrive
Cannabis inquiry: Man stopped from taking cannabis plant into Tas Parliament
Pensioner posts 'mystery' plant on Facebook, it's actually cannabis
ISIS Announces New Grand Theft Auto-Like Video Game Designed to Inspire Kids to Wage War Against West
Woman saves her dog by sticking finger up the attacking dog's anus
Rockefeller fund to drop investments in fossil fuels
Cambodia Buddhist 'Meth Monks' Arrested for Smoking Ice in Pagoda Room
One Direction singer denies nude 'gay' photos leaked are of him, insists he isn't 'homophobic'
Man Charged With DUI After Flagging Down Officer to Say "Hello"
Polygamist Ninja Women Sneak Into Utah Home To Abduct 15-Year-Old Girl, Fail Miserably
Hamster Wheel Standing Desk - a new invention to keep people fit at work
Puppy rapist gets 5 years in prison
Watch police officer drive into Dunkin' Donuts - literally
ILINOIS STATE RIFLE ASSOCIATION COMPARES REV. MICHAEL PFLEGER TO ISIS
Child warriors, 13, leave Germany for jihad
Conservative Christian Rewrites Harry Potter So Her Kids Won't Turn Into Witches (xpost from /r/books)
More men among toilet-sceptics in India
SC brothers accused of attacking each other in fight over stolen okra
Human hamster wheel standing desk promises to keep you fit at work
Tulsans Gather For 'Holy Hour' To Combat OKC Satanic Event
Pistol-packing pastor puts stop to package-stealing granny
Bikini baristas brew debate in Bradenton
Norwegian Day Care Serves Up King Crab and Veal With Foie Gras
Iran Arrests 11 Over SMS Messages Insulting Ayatollah Khomeini
76-year old lady yells at her iPhone, passes out when it talks back
Qatar will not host World Cup: FIFA's Zwanziger
Secret Service messes up and we pay the price? No way.
Federal government racked up almost $300,000 in late fees because it never paid its cellphone bills on time
Michele Bachmann Asks Al Franken to Help Defeat Al Franken
Reporter Quits On Live TV After Revealing That She Owns a Marijuana Club
West Island man fined $162 after stopping police for illegal turn
Alaska TV reporter quits on air to promote pot
Woman pays $20,000 for third breast to make herself LESS attractive to men
Strap an iPad to your face with a virtual-reality gadget for iOS
Tesco Overestimates Profits By £250 Million
[Senator] Mary Landrieu assists with a keg stand at LSU tailgate
Woman has surgery to get a third breast, hopes to become a TV star
Apple: Lines Still Form at Flagship Store, Including Line to Nowhere
Fashionistas Turn to Surgery to Rid 'Boot Bulge'
Florida woman gets third breast surgically implanted to become "unattractive to men"
Dyslexic spies: GCHQ's secret strategy to tackle terrorism and espionage
Reporter quits on air, reveals she owns cannabis club
With iPhone 6 Plus, Men Feel 'Thumb Stretch' That Has Plagued Women
Rap Battle Ends In 3 Men Raping, Shooting And Setting A 36-Year Old Woman On Fire
Alaskan TV reporter curses, quits on-air to focus on pot
Democracy in Egypt: Poll Shows Public Wants To Stone Each Other
The living hell of a man who orgasms 100 times a day
Christian ministry invites you on a luxury Caribbean "study cruise." This year's theme? Enduring hardship and persecution.
Wesleyan Orders Fraternities to Become Coed
Edmonton Police forecast multi-million dollar deficit because "arresting criminals is time consuming".
Nurse Had Sex with Cardiac Patient Prepping for Transplant
"Fuck it, I quit" Reporter Reveals Herself On Air as the Owner of a Cannabis Club in Alaska - xpost from r/worldnews
World's Most Australian Man Fights Off Crocodile, Drinks Beer as Anesthetic
Limbo and Steel Drum Party Breaks Out in I-76 Traffic Jam
In Texas Textbooks, Moses Is a Founding Father
Innocent man wrongly jailed for 23 years dies days before lawsuit
Ugandan men say condoms too small
A grad student by day, online activist by night
Take Years Off Your Ears With 'Eartox'
Fucked Up Frontman Will Moderate Toronto Mayoral Debate
Michael Reilley fined $162 after stopping police for illegal turn
Woman has third breast implanted
Conservative Christian Rewrites Harry Potter So Her Kids Won't Turn Into Witches (X-post from r/books)
Nurse Had Sex with Cardiac Patient Prepping for Transplant: Lawsuit
Blackwater founder: We could have fought ISIS if Obama hadn't 'crushed my old business'
Woman Disputes City of Sacramento's Claims She Bit Garbagemen
Kate Hudson Can See Dead People!
'F*ck it, I quit': TV reporter Charlo Greene quits live on air in spectacular fashion
NHL's return will boost Canada's economy, Moody's says
Suit: Nurse had 'unsolicited' sex with man waiting for heart transplant
Skeletons found holding hands after 700 years, proving love never dies
Accused Cop Shooter Eric Frein Reenacting Rambo, Colleague Suggests
District attorney offers free ice cream for violent video games
Florida woman has surgery to add third breast to make herself 'unatttractive to men'
Ferrari 458 recalled because humans in trunk cannot escape
Rhode Island Man Arrested For DUI Four Times Over 30-Hour Period
Woman gets third breast in hopes of being TV star
Ugandan Men Protest: Our Condoms Are Too Small
Cuddlr Is a 100% Real App for Spooning With Random Strangers
Stephen Tulloch was injured doing the 'Discount Double Check'
Stephen Tulloch tears ACL on dance, out for season
Woman has third breast implanted to "get famous, land a reality show and become unnatractive to men."
Islamic State to John Kerry: You're an 'old uncircumcised geezer'
Burned armpit hair leads to crash; five teens injured
Wesleyan University Fraternities Must Start Accepting Women
Alaska TV News Reporter Quits On Air to Run Marijuana Business
TSA: Woman's Luggage Contained 2 Guns, 350 Rounds Of Ammo, 58 Bricks Of Pot
Charming Shimon Peres Video Showcases Former Israeli President's Search for Job
Minnesota House candidate sued for sawing garage in half
September 22, 2014 Heirs of Billionaire Oil Tycoon John D. Rockefeller Join Growing Fossil Fuel Divestment Movement
Ferguson residents begin using body cameras
Woman Gets Third Boob Implanted, Wants to Be "Unattractive to Men"
4chan threatens Emma Watson with nude photo leak over UN speech on gender equality
Defector disses N. Korea with rap
This Man Has 100 Orgasms A Day (And Isn't Happy About It)
The Best/Worst Quotes From The Interview With The Guy Who Orgasms 100 Times A Day.
I don't think this is going to work... Woman Gets Third Boob Implanted, Wants to Be "Unattractive to Men"
White House will now lock the front door
70-Pound Turtle Found Wandering Near SoCal Country Club
Principal tries to suspend 5-year-old after boy wanders from school unnoticed - The Buffalo News
Colorado food truck busted for selling tacos 'with a side of meth'
Richmond restaurant on a mission to be Yelp's most-hated
Manuel Noriega has new foe in video game fight: Rudy Giuliani
Suspect chase leads Seattle police into doughnut shop
ISIS Uses Grand Theft Auto V in New Recruitment Video
Deputies: Deltona man hurls chair at grandma in spat over dirty shoes
Comcast to FCC: We already face enough competition, so let us buy TWC
Alicia Keys leaks nude photo of herself 'to create a kinder and more peaceful world'.
Woman saves for 2 years to add third breast
Meet the THREE breasted lady - denies having the surgery to get famous
4chan Threatens to Leak Nude Photos of Emma Watson Because She's a Feminist
Hoax ad convinces Apple fans to microwave iPhone
A Pianist Hears Chopin From Inside His Instrument
The NYPD Is Stealing Bikes in Midtown Manhattan
Woman Adds 3rd Breast to Make Herself 'Unattractive'
Ugandans Ask Government To Provide Bigger Condoms
Buddhist monks arrested for smoking crystal meth in their sacred pagoda
Rudy Giuliani to defend Activision in Call of Duty lawsuit
Fucked Up Singer to moderate Toronto Mayoral Debate
Shirtless drunk man arrested after bathing in church holy water
The agony of ecstasy: Man who has suffered 100 orgasms A DAY for past two years after slipping a disc in his back - but can't enjoy sex.
A Strange Cloud Over St. Louis Turns Out to Be an Enormous Swarm of Butterflies
Man charged with rape cleared due to sexsomnia
Police Vehicle Slams Into South Jersey Doughnut Shop Leaving Officer Hurt (x-post /r/libertarian)
Pranksters Take Advantage of Gullible iPhone Fans With Microwave Hoax. The Results are Scorching.
Florida Woman Has Surgery To Add Third Breast To Her Chest
A box of 2,400 donut made by Krispy Kreme
Don't Be Late and End Up in a Crate
Google Parts With 'Climate Change Skeptic' legal firm... [X-post] from /r/TechNewsToday
Sát Thần VTC HD - Game Sát Thần MMOARPG Tái Sinh Huyền Thoại Chiến Thần.
Man Shot By His Dog
Lions starter Tulloch injured during celebration, out for season
Tackle looks 'awful' admits balls
Beyoncé Admits to Being a Member of the Illuminati
Georgia Rappers Rape Female, Set Her on Fire after Losing Freestyle Battle to Her
People's Climate March Leaves Trail Of Trash
NDP MP finds resistance isn't futile
Man plagued by 100 orgasms a day
The agony of ecstasy: Man who has suffered 100 orgasms A DAY
Moorhead woman sentenced for sending Christmas card to neighbor
Front page article in the GCC Region
FIFA realises Qatar is a hot country
iOS 8 Wave hoax tricks Apple fans into microwaving iPhone
Demand for Ginseng Boosts Prices, Tempts Poachers
Don't make important decisions while menstruating, says female doctor
White House Will Use Locks More Often
Mike Tyson aids motorcyclist after Vegas crash
White men can't jump to court, says Archie Comics co-CEO
Baby euthanasia case spurs debate in France
Who Is Jasmine Tridevil? Woman Claims She Has Plastic Surgery To Get Three Breasts
Ferguson Citizens Given Wearable Cameras to Film Police
Archie Comics CEO Sued For Calling Employees "Penis," Says That's Fine Because White Men Aren't "Protected Class"
Largest Climate-Change March in History Unlikely to Convince Idiots
At least 80 airstrikes hit ISIS targets in the province of Deir al-Zor, Syria by US-led coalition forces
We deeply regret to inform you of the passing of another Rutgers student who was killed in a bear attack yesterday.
Jasmine Tridevil Gets Third Boob 'Because I Don't Want To Date Anymore'
build your own steadicam dslr
Idris Elba Provides Additional Proof That Nicolas Cage Might Actually Be A Vampire
Breaking Buddhist: Monks arrested for smoking crystal meth in their sacred pagoda
Florida woman gets third breast surgically implanted
İçerenköy Demirdöküm Kombi Servisi
Facebook charging monthly fee is fake
Office Cleaning Services Western Australia
Grandmother discovers she's been growing cannabis by accident
Food truck sold tacos with 'a side of meth'
Chef Bans Ketchup To Customers Over 10 Years of Age - "No Ketchup For You!" Says Restaurant
Call Ghostbusters, Essex County Council advises
(DVD) RBD TOUR DE ADIOS COMPLETO
Florida Woman Gets Third Boob 'Because I Don't Want To Date Anymore'
NC man confesses to 1997 murder after receiving texts from Walmart
4Chan's latest, terrible 'prank': Convincing West Africans that Ebola doctors actually worship the disease
Proposed $25 million solar farm in South Dakota worries neighbors
Civil Rights Activists Call on 'Django Unchained' Actress to Apologize to LAPD
Jasmine Tridevil Paid $20,000 to Get a Third Boob So She'd Become "Unattractive to Men"
Joan Rivers promotes the iPhone 6 from six feet under
Mother Bakes Vagina Cookies For 2nd Graders And Bugs Out When Teacher Says 'No'
New mushroom species discovered in London grocery store
Syria becomes the 7th predominantly Muslim country bombed by 2009 Nobel Peace Laureate
Shirtless drunk man took a bath in church holy water, police say
Miss America Kira Kazantsev kicked out of sorority for hazing
White Tiger Mauls Man to Death at Indian Zoo
Transexual woman prostitutes herself to fund silicone injections for her 5ft bum
Polar bear arrested at #FloodWallStreet protest
Sex, Guns and Jesus: Inside America's Manliest Church
Graffiti Removal Guy Comes Back to Discover Image of Himself in the Same Spot
Conservative Christian Rewrites Harry Potter So Her Kids Won't Turn Into Witches
Florida Man Found Guilty of Raping an Eight-Month-Old Puppy Sentenced to Five Years in Jail
Thieves allegedly rob six victims in name of Michael Brown
Felix Magath: 'I did tell Hangeland to use cheese to treat injury'
Sarah Palin defends family over 'Rumble in the Tundra' fracas - and says the liberal media is to blame
Man won't show Costco Wholesale staff receipt, suffers broken leg, sues for $670,000
Baristas' sex shows made millions
Man, 47, found dead with two boiled eggs in his rectum
Mumbai police ban selfies, claiming it's for women's safety
Tampa man wins $25,000 at Internet cat video awards for "Dumpster Kitty"
China sentences prominent Uyghur scholar to life in prison for 'separatism'
Native Americans seek dismissal of Redskins lawsuit against them in trademark case - The Washington Post
Billionaires are hoarding piles of cash.
School Claims Teen's Writing About Marijuana Use Is 'Drug Possession'
5 Ways ISIS Can Reduce Its Carbon Footprint
Reality TV Hopeful Gets Third Boob Surgically Implanted
Bistro owner fined for headbutting customer on opening day in Glasgow (x-post r/Glasgow)
Florida man's 911 call released: 'I shot all my grandkids'
The Undeniable Tragicomedy of a Man Orgasming 100 Times Per Day
Man tries to rob store, fails
Syria Is 7th (Muslim) Country Bombed By 2009 Nobel Peace Prize Winner
Virginia preschool teacher accused of biting toddler is arrested
Proposed Sioux Falls Solar Farm Worries Neighbors
Manilow records entire album with singers who have died
New study finds people drink more on days they are more physically active
Wisconsin Man Suffers 100 Unwanted Orgasms A Day
Firefighter gets electrocuted after doing ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
Miss America Was Kicked Out of Her Sorority for Abusive Hazing
Miss America was kicked out of sorority for hazing
iPhone users target of 'Wave' microwave-charging hoax
Woman in 100 mph car chase claims "my foot was stuck" on the gas pedal
Paul Ryan Declares War Against Math
Man Confesses to 1997 Murder After Receiving Texts From Walmart
Putin-Inspired Television Character Is Amur Tiger
Chill Russian 20-something buys tank, plans joyride to Crimea
Krispy Kreme Makes Box That Holds 2,400 Doughnuts
WOMAN IN HIGH-SPEED CHASE WITH DEPUTIES CLAIMS FOOT WAS STUCK
Man confesses to '97 crime, fearing Walmart was messaging him about woman he killed
Man arrested after trying to pet moose, fighting with officer
PETA wants accused cannibal killer fed vegan diet
Apple users begin to report iPhone 6 Plus model bending from just sitting down with it in their pocket.
YouTube Star Sam Pepper Attempts To 'Prank' Women By Grabbing Their Butts
Russia's Kalashnikov Drops Actor Steven Seagal Over Tensions With U.S.
Soccer player denies using rapper as human sacrifice.
Kansas Gov. Will Sign a 'Zombie Preparedness Month' Proclamation
Miami U president supports skunk safety, accepts PETA offer for posters after stuck-can case
Need a cuddle? New app 'Cuddlr' offers sex-free alternative to Tinder
White tiger kills youth inside Delhi zoo
Assault: A disturbance was reported inside a 2nd floor classroom. (Crime report, ctrlF to find the specific incident).
A White Tiger Has Attacked And Killed A Man At Delhi Zoo
PM:Queen 'purred down [phone] line' over scots vote
Apple fans' tight pants are bending the iPhone 6 Plus
ISIS Equity Partners To Change Name
Indian white tiger kills man at Delhi zoo
People Have A Technology Inferiority Complex
Group Of 'Where's Waldo?' Characters Spotted Immediately Amid Train Station Brawl
Iranian sharpshooters target rats
'Where's Waldo' brawl erupts at UK train station
California Accidentally Legalizes Campus Sex
Father has been visiting wrong grave for 7 years
Seattle residents will be fined for not composting
True Detective Season 2: Vince Vaughn and Colin Farrell Confirmed
Fed Soc Chapter Offers Chick-fil-A At Gay Marriage Event With Disastrous Results
Calgary home quietly turned into Tim Hortons overnight
PM: Queen 'Purred Down Line' Over Scots Vote
Man Stole $700 Worth of Tooth Brushes
Fox News Contributor Stephen Hayes Is on the Terrorist Watch List
A Very Strange Story of Vehicular Mayhem [Updated]
FIU Students Warned of Bike-Riding Butt-Grabber
CEOs Get Paid Too Much, According to Pretty Much Everyone in the World
Some People Have A Technology Inferiority Complex
Young Chelsea fan 'dies of heart attack after Lampard goal'
A Deep Web Service Will Leak Your Documents If the Government Murders You
Syfy's next movie: Fire-breathing tarantulas attack 'Police Academy' cast reunion
IPhone fans' tight pants are bending the iPhone 6
3-boobed Fla. woman probably a fake
Martha Stewart owns 3 drones, uses them to spy on party guests
Kansas Governor to Sign 'Zombie Preparedness Month' Proclamation - NBC News.com
Report: Men Threatened To Shoot Wal-Mart Customers After Unable To Buy Gun
VA records show vet rescheduled appointment after death
Bistro owner headbutted customer who complained about bread rolls
Rick Ross, Chicken Boss
Andre 3000 Wants Leonardo DiCaprio to Play Him in a Movie
Rick Ross Should Top Forbes' Hip Hop Cash Kings, Says Rick Ross
Three-boobed woman is a fake
Derek Jeter given a Swarovski-encrusted Ring Pop
Mom Bakes Vagina Cookies For 2nd Graders, Can't Believe Teacher Has The Nerve To Refuse Them
Seventy-Two Killed Resisting Gun Confiscation In Boston
Rudy Giuliani to defend makers of Call of Duty against lawsuit by Manuel Noriega
Documents Leaked by NSA Whistleblower Edward Snowden Conclusively Prove the United States Is Ruled by a Race of Tall, White Space Aliens
Human Hamster Wheel Turns Up Productivity
Before Seeking Asylum, 3 Afghan Soldiers Stopped by Strip Club, Police Say
Some iPhone 6 Plus Owners Accidentally Bending Their iPhones in Pockets
4Chan threatens Watson after her speech on Gender Equality
Designs for the new Golden State Warriors arena make it look like a giant toilet
Man steals, cooks ex-girlfriend's dog, feeds it to her
"Third breast" woman confirmed a hoax after prosthesis is discovered.
Lawsuit: MN House Candidate Saws Neighbor's Garage In Half
Carnival Cruise, Construction and Sewage.
17 charged in Colorado after food truck sold tacos with 'a side of meth'
Metta World Peace's new shoes feature detachable panda.
People Are Microwaving Their iPhones Because Of A New Hoax
Fake Peoria mayor Twitter account prompts real raid of West Bluff house
Cop's Tip For Not Getting Raped By A Cop: 'Don't Get Pulled Over'
Ghanaian soccer player to hold press conference denying link to human sacrifice, black magic
Baby Accidentally Bang Into His Nose Straight to His Brain, Luckily He Survived!
Mental Evaluation Sought For Man Accused Of Killing Mother, Going On Beer Run
C*ck wear becomes cookware in latest Japanese cookbook
Goodell and Barra: Students of the Obama Era of American Leadership
iPhone: No, You Can't Recharge it in the Microwave, LAPD Warns
ISAF Drops Candy To Afghan Children, Kills 51
iPhone hoax: No, you can't recharge it in the microwave, LAPD warns
Boy who plays on team called the "Venom" is recovering after venemous snake bite during tournament.
Wikipedia briefly ID's Mitch McConnell as a turtle
My mom, in the sunglasses, and her friend at Grand Lake 1972
A California newspaper publishes a recommended music list, "10 White Power Songs You May Love".
Boy on soccer team Venom recovering after snake bite
Black market for water now thriving in California as ultra-rich pay huge premiums for covert water deliveries
Medical Student in Library Mistaken for Homeless Man
Leading Conservative Magazine Blames NFL Scandals On Obama
Teacher threatens to program robot to kill students
Man steals car, drives it to probation meeting
Brownback to proclaim Zombie Preparedness Month
Doctor who couldn't take a pulse is struck off medical register
The Warriors Stadium Is Going To Look Like A Toilet
White Evangelicals Think They're Discriminated Against More Than Blacks, Jews, and Muslims
Tons of Rich Chinese are Flying to Seattle to Buy Mansions Because of a Hit Rom-Com
Queen purred over Scotland result, says David Cameron
Tipsy Australian fights off crocodile with eye-poke
Taiwan maps out claims to contested South China Sea
Masturbator Forces Virgin America Flight To Land In Nebraska
OK trooper tells local news: Best way not to get raped by cops is to 'follow the law' x-post from /r/facepalm
Sam Pepper says his bum pinching video was a 'staged experiment'
Putin celebrated as 7-foot-tall cultural and political giant in Russian contemporary art
Journalist Deemed Too Minor to Make Blacklist
Baby Einstein Full Episodes English - Part 3
Jalonta Freeman Pays $200 For 'iPad' That's Actually Just A Mirror
Nicola Sturgeon favourite to replace Scottish National Party leader Alex Salmond
Woman buys cheap iPad, gets mirror instead
Football player gyan to hold a press conference to state he did not murder a Ghanese rapper in an human sacrifice ritual.
Company sells $48m iPhone 6s
Ohio College President Backs Skunk Safety
Steven Caulker arrested after being wrongly accused of Tesco cheese theft
NY Gun Control Activist Forgets He Was Carrying While On School Grounds, You Won't Believe The Rest Of The Story | Concealed Nation
Arrested woman gnaws through seat of patrol car
It's time for bicycle sense in America: Is it finally time to ban bikes once and for all?
Indian spacecraft reaches Mars for less than it cost to make 'Gravity'
Australia resettles gay asylum seekers in Papua New Guinea, where it is illegal to be gay
Mommy bakes vagina cakes for second grade sex ed
BEAUTY AND THE BEEF: Threesome With Homeless Man Turns Violent After Beef Taste-Test
'Jihadists' surrender after Turkey sends them to 'wrong French airport'
Students Use Civil Disobedience To Protest Removing It From History Curriculum
Nude-Photo Hackers Are Sad Apple Ruined Their Fun
Woman Pays $60,000 to Pimp Out Mercedes With Swarovski Crystals
Girl Arrested for Texting; Hides Phone in Butt
Pregnant woman thrown, held belly-down to the ground by NYPD cop in Brooklyn
Socialite Russian Woman Bedazzles her Mercedes-Benz with 1 million Swarovski crystals
Heroin Is Cheaper Than Beer in Pennsylvania
Your Super Tight Pants Are Going To Bend Your iPhone 6
Cops: Woman eats chicken wings in Publix restroom, leaves store
Masturbating Passenger Forces Plane to Land in Nebraska
Forbes: "Drunk Female Guests Are The Gravest Threat To Fraternities"
Asamoah Gyan holding press conference to deny he used rapper as human sacrifice
This German Footpath Contained Bricks Laid in a Swastika Shape
Student gets detention for sharing food with another student.
Developer wants 'white' students for reimagined Revel Casino
iPhone 6 Plus too big? Get a thumb extender
Police: Man killed while hunting mistaken for a squirrel
Shin kicking at the Olympics?
Woman Claims 'Frozen' Is A Rip Off Of Her Life Story; Sues Disney For $250 Million
Lawsuit: Teen raped after school used her as 'bait' to catch rape suspect
Emma Watson Nude Photo Threat Was a Prank Aimed at 4Chan
How to pocket the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus without bending them - in pictures
Emma Watson nude photo threats were apparently a plot to kill 4chan
Woman Gets Third Boob Implanted To Become "Unattractive"
Meth addicted parents give meth to baby to hel it sleep... it's brain dead now.
Drunk and boarish: swigging pig hogs 18 beers at campsite
Oklahoma City cops hunt 'Binky Bandit' who was caught on camera sucking pacifier just before jacking car
Watch Out For This Rock Paper Scissors Hustler Prowling Brooklyn Bars
Cut off my foot so I can run faster
Drunk Female Guests Are The Gravest Threat To Fraternities
Walmart promotes beverages with a cockfight.
QPR's Steven Caulker wrongly arrested over cheese theft confusion
Preorder an iPhone 6 with a pink diamond for $48.5 million
'Call of Duty' creators: Noriega suit absurd - Former dictator says 2012 video game 'Call of Duty: Black Ops II' has damaged his reputation
Video demonstrates reported banana bending issues
Bendgate: Is the iPhone 6 too bendy, or are your skinny jeans just too skinny?
The Zombie Apocalypse is starting: Ebola patients rise from the dead
Social Weavers are birds that are best known for their giant communal nests which get so heavy they pull down the whole tree. They're ridiculous, look at them:
Americans Who Have Not Read a Single Article About Syria Strongly Support Bombing It.
Cuba Gooding Jr. Is Good At Hockey, Stripping
Congressman seeks ban to stop federal employees from watching porn all day
Missed call to women will lead to jail in Bihar, India.
Fox News contributor Stephen Hayes added to terrorist watch list
National railway company goes on strike to support two employees sanctioned for getting wasted on duty at a sensitive railway point
Forbes sacks columnist over piece saying 'drunk' female students pose 'gravest' threat to frats; writer responds, 'I stand by every word'
Inmate sues prison for not allowing him to worship Satan
FIU Police: Look Out For Cyclist Grabbing Female Buttocks
Branson soccer player on team Venom bit by copperhead
Fox News Anchor on the Terrorism Watch List
Science Proves Gluten Sensitivity Isn't Real, People Are Just Whiners
The Dolphins' Stadium Is Literally Built On An Indian Burial Ground
British Teenager fighting for ISIS wants to return after finding out it's nothing like Archer.
Man arrested after incident at Genie Hookah House
Stonehenge Mystery: Will Druid King Get a Parking Space for His Kawasaki?
Cuba Gooding, Jr. goes topless in Chicago after intermission goal (Video)
Chinese restaurant owner laced noodles with poppy to get customers addicted
Obama saluted Marines while holding a latte, and everyone is freaking out
Taken 3 Now Titled Tak3n
Asamoah Gyan denies murdering rapper in alleged human sacrifice
Buddhist Actress Kate Hudson Reveals Her and Mom Goldie Hawn's Encounter With Ghosts and 'Dead People'
Rudy Giuliani: Noriega's 'Call Of Duty' Lawsuit Is A Fight Between Good And Evil
Emma Watson hits a high note with gender equality speech - and her wardrobe choices
Incest a 'fundamental right', German committee says
Atlanta Rappers Lose Freestyle Battle to Woman and Set Her On Fire
German Ethics Council votes in favour of allowing incest between siblings
Disney's 'Frozen' Sued For $250 MILLION They Stole My Life Story
Guy Charged with Drunk Driving 4 Times in 30 Hours, Once in a Dump Truck
Chinese Restaurant Laces Noodles with Opium to Get Customers Hooked
Arcade Fire's frontman who mocked DJs is also a DJ
Canadian MP Asks Questions About Iraq, Gets Rants About Israel In Response
Comcast: Everyone secretly knows our Time Warner merger is good for customers
Kim Jong-un missing from public view
Pope Francis admits: 'We don't have a magic wand for everything'
Here's the real reason iPhones are bending
State of Kansas selling sex toys online to recoup tax losses
Leonardo DiCaprio Asks Everyone In The World To Stop Pretending Like Facts Don't Exist
Jihadists escape as cops wait at wrong airport
iPhone 6 Is the Most Durable iPhone Yet, Says Insurer
CNN tried to pretend two of its anchors weren't standing right next to each other...again.
Should Bicycles Be Illegal?
Police: Oklahoma City women stab victim for bad parking job
Obama declares, "Islam teaches peace".
Apple iOS8 update pulled after phone call feature on cellphone is removed
Virgin Flight Diverted After Passenger Found Furiously Masturbating
Pedestrian Refused Service at McDonald's Drive-Thru, Steals Car
Panthers no longer offering free tickets, anticipate attendance decrease
Virgin America Flight Diverted Because of Masturbating Passenger
Prolific porn watcher still on payroll
Liberia: Dead Ebola Patients Resurrect?
Miley Cyrus Wears Penis Face Mask in Concert
David Cameron says Queen 'purred down line' after Scotland no vote
LAX-Bound Plane Forced To Land Early Due To Frenzied, Masturbating Passenger, Police Say
Uri Geller explains the psychic energy behind bent iPhones
The Pumpkin Spice Four Loko Just Made The Fall Semester Even More Basic
Wmscog Hanging WIth Chadd New Music Update from NJSOTA (New Jerusalem SC...
Paula Deen Aims For Comeback With 'Uncensored' New Digital Network
Secret Shopper Hired to Punish Lyft and Uber Actually Prefers Them
Man killed after hunter mistakes him for a squirrel
Cheney Biographer, Fox News Contributor Put On DHS Terrorist Watchlist
eBay won't let this man sell a lamp made from his severed leg
Oh god! my nuts!
iPhone 6 Screen Size Issue Solved by Giant Thumb
iPhone 6 Plus bends in tight pants, say Apple fans
Exclusive: Pornhub Launches Pornhub Records Label
Cops: Mom Hid Infant In Trunk To Avoid Ticket
'Don't Stop Believin'' Motivates 3 Men To Swim To Shore After Boat Capsizes In Hawaii
Masturbating Passenger Diverts Flight From Logan
Senator proposes registration for online commenting
Comcast accuses Netflix of extortion over claims of network-throttling.
Best Buy Hopes Designer iPhone Accessories Will Bring More Women to Its Stores
Japanese Company Invents A Giant Thumb For Your Giant iPhone
Horrible/Hilarious Boss Fires Employee with a Donald Trump 'You're Fired' Meme - See the Ridiculous Email
PornHub Penetrates the World Of Music With New Record Label
Life After Brooklyn: Moving Out of Brooklyn Because of High Prices
Controversy Over Louisiana High School Band Gun Raffle Cancellation
Are the Miami Dolphins a cursed franchise after building stadium on Indian burial ground?
Malcolm Gill jailed for 18 weeks after flatulent face-off with cop he called a terrorist
Cops: Saw PA Ambush Suspect, Found His Dirty Diapers
"McConnell is the first openly Otherkin member of Congress. His species identity is turtle." Okay, who did it?
NFL players express concern over battery life of new tablet playbooks
Why fraternities should admit women: " A fraternity allows a man to surround himself with others who confirm his masculinity."
ESPN Suspends Bill Simmons For Calling Roger Goodell A Liar, After ESPN Reported Roger Goodell Is A Liar
Sex toys and burgers at Copenhagen restaurant
WIZ KHALIFA LICKS BALD HEADED WHITE COP'S HEAD WHOM HE THOUGHT WAS AMBER ROSE
Line for hot dogs so long, waiting couple plan wedding, get married
Rick Perry Claims Texas' New Abortion Restrictions Could Have Saved Joan Rivers' Life
Tortured Rats Make a Killing Trading Shares
Mourners shocked as dead man comes back to life in his coffin at funeral
One of Romney's "Mad Men" Is Trying to Convince America That "Republicans Have Feelings"
Man Gets Tattoo On His Eyeball For Him To Feel Normal
Head of Homeland Security: granting amnesty will encourage terrorists to come forward. Are you friggin' kidding me?
8 Most Innovative Ways Artists Released Albums
Pornhub launches record label and song contest
The Duggar sex tips. (And you thought Cosmo was bad)
'He's as gentle as they come,' says dad of abduction suspect in Hannah Graham case
TL:DR? Man has a bank error of $141,999, spends 106,217 and the bank never asks why. Plot twist, his lawyer is his anti-gambling sponsor and support person.
Too trusting: Pir kills follower for miracle of life
ESPN suspends Bill Simmons for calling Roger Goodell a liar, days after ESPN reported Roger Goodell is a liar
John Roberts Is Worried Public Thinks Court Is Partisan
State of Kansas releases sex toys seized from adult store chain so they can be sold online to pay back taxes.
Masturbating Passenger Forces Plane to Land in Nebraska: Police
ESPN opinion columnist suspended for having opinions about the NFL
Washington state teen calls police to break up his own party
Mother drives with 5-month-old in trunk to avoid being cited for not having car seat
Bryce Harper considers using less hair pomade so his helmet won't fly off as much
Oklahoma Highway Patrol Advises Women to Obey Law to Avoid Rape by Officer
17 indicted for taco truck meth ring operation
mind blowing magic tricks revealed
FBI sees rise in US mass shootings
Flight Lands Early After Masturbating Passenger Attempts Escape
Keanu Reeves Gets Another Home Intruder, This Time It's a Naked Lady
FDNY Firefighter Sues Staten Island Homeowner for Alleged Injuries Suffered on Call
Leonard Cohen at 80: "Excuse me for not dying"
Congressman seeks ban to stop federal workers from watching porn at work
Chemtrail 'truthers' mobilizing global rally against 'genocide' from the sky
This Mom Is Rewriting 'Harry Potter' to Replace the Witchcraft With Christianity
Stanford Promises Not to Use Google Money for Privacy Research
Pennsylvania woman blamed for her own rape
Alaska legalized weed 39 years ago. Wait, what?
Another Donna school board election worker charged in coke-for-votes scheme
Finnish man walked around naked in his home - Court sentence to fines
PornHub launches its own record label
Chinese restaurant owner admits serving opium-laced noodles to hook customers
Russia Issues Health Warning for Ice Bucket Challenge
65 year old grandmother Patricia thought she had planted roses when leaving for vacation, but came back to see a decent amount of cannabis
Woman gets a third breast implanted because "she didn't want to appear as attractive to men"
Woman Gets Third Boob implant "because she doesn't want To Date Anymore"
dr drum beat maker review
Anti-Racism Show Featuring Black People In Cages Cancelled... After Racism Claims
Spain urged to swap bull run for ball run
Woman Claims 'Frozen' Is Based on Her Life Story, Sues Disney for $250 Million
Customs officers cause commotion at court with underwear stunt
Kelis reveals she doesn't actually drink milkshake
Police: Deposit man performed lewd acts at truck stop
First U.S. Stealth Jet Attack on Syria Cost More Than Indian Mission to Mars
The Craziest OKCupid Date Ever Is Being Adapted Into A Movie
Alex Salmond urged to abandon 'conspiracy theories' over why Scotland did not vote for independence
Restaurant laces meals with opium to keep customers coming back
Brazil releases 'good' mosquitoes to fight dengue fever
Author claims Frozen ripped-off life story, sues Disney for $250 million
President Obama declares war on war
Former Sunderland striker Asamoah Gyan denies killing rapper friend Castro in human sacrifice ritual
London Chefs Create Human Flesh Burger
Man divorces wife for not closing car door.
Asamoah Gyan denies 'ritual sacrifice' of Ghana rapper Castro
Teen's Party Gets So Wild He Calls The Cops On Himself
Man has 100 orgasms a day after back injury
Chinese noodle vendor laces dishes with opium
Tennessee Man Demonstrates Open Carry Near School Wearing Rifle
Tasty or addictive? Chinese restaurant serves noodles laced with opium poppy
Israeli gay party posters imitating Islamic State beheading videos provoke outrage
David Cameron to Apologize for Saying Queen 'Purred' Over Scottish Vote Result
Former AIG Executive Sues US Over $182 Billion Bailout, Saying it Wasn't Favorable Enough
Sex toys to be auctioned to pay business's delinquent Kansas taxes
Texas firefighters rescue pet frog from blaze
Donkeys reunited at Polish zoo after sex scandal
Conn. man carjacks a Honda, drives it to probation meeting with cops
Police to fill student homes with burglar balloons
Staten Island Groundhog Died One Week After De Blasio Dropped Her
PETA Volunteer Attacked by Islamic Mob after Calling for Vegan Eid
Hell freezes over in the US
Gyan denies killing friend in 'black magic human sacrifice ritual'
Peta's call to Muslims to observe vegetarian Eid misfires
Chinese restaurant owner admits selling opium-laced noodles to hook customers
Claire McCaskill to NFL: Let Rihanna talk
Tesco admits no one has been in charge of finance for five months
'Prayer Baby' drowns in church's baptism tank
Cheney: "No Fair" That Obama Gets to Bomb Syria: "To see someone finally get to bomb Syria and it's not me? I'd be lying if I said that didn't hurt like hell..." "I'm envious as hell," he told Fox's Sean Hannity. "That was on my bucket list."
Bill de Blasio groundhog dies after fall
Eat, bray, love: amorous donkey couple reunited after protests at separation
Cuban firm creates Che Guevara cologne
Republican ad campaign reminds public that "Republicans are people, too"
GTA hospitals reporting baby boom 9 months after ice storm
Zoo in coverup after groundhog dropped by de Blasio dies
Man who raised $55K is throwing potato salad party.
Conn. man carjacks a Honda, drives it to probation meeting: cops
Mayor forces out his No. 2 at City Hall
Sarah Palin ''Proud'' of Daughter Bristol After Drunken Fight at Snowmobile Party
A Costco Employee Breaks a Customer's Leg for not showing his Receipt
Hanover official 'disheartened' that students viewed 9/11 film
Driver who fatally struck cyclist dies in crash
Cannibalism fetish nurse jailed
Chinese Restaurant Owner Hooks Customers with Opium-Laced Noodles
Snakebit: Pair on way to drug treatment center arrested with heroin, meth, python
Cop pulls driver over for seat belt violation, shoots him when he gets his license.
Tom Brady: QBs Typically Make Better Decisions With More Time To Pass
Half of All Beer in Russia Is Illegal
Teacher suspended for sticking 'I'm gay' sign on student's back
Fox Hosts Dub Female Fighter Pilot Who Bombed ISIL 'Boobs On The Ground'
The Devil is in the details
Dashcam Video: Officer Shoots Man After Telling Him to Get License
Coca Cola - Isis
Police officer tells black man to get his license, and then shoots at him for getting his license.
Fancy a burger designed to taste like human flesh?
Police officer tells black man to get his license, then shoots him for getting his license.
Ghanaian Soccer Star Asamoah Gyan denies murdering rapper in an alleged human sacrifice.
Eric Holder, Prominent Liberal Voice in Obama Administration, Is Resigning
California Municipality Declares War on Lowe's - Ordered to pay $1.6m over 2x4 dimensions
Highest-paid female CEO used to be a man
Considering moving to Cleveland? Colorado couple asks reddit users for advice
Donkeys Reunited at Polish Zoo After Sex Scandal (x post r/news)
Liberia's Largest Newspaper Accuses US of Manufacturing Ebola Virus
Internet Trolls May In Fact Be Trained Government Agents (x-post /r/conspiracy)
The maker mastermind behind The Penis Wall was Peiqi Su, a student at NYU Tisch's Interactive Telecommunications Program (ITP), who built the wall as her master's thesis.
Enema monument unveiled in Russian resort
Internet Trolls May be Trained Government Agents According to Leaked Document
Woman blamed for her rape by Pa District Attorney
Half-naked woman flees to roof after deranged homeless man breaks into home
PETA Activists Flee From Violent Muslims At Historic Mosque After Calling on Them to Go Vegan For Eid
Police: 'Selfie' of Buffalo Wild Wings server on stolen iPad could lead to criminal charges
Polygamous women dressed as ninjas charged in home invasion
So You Want to Eat Your Placenta "spoke with Suzanne Connole, an acupuncturist, doula, and professional placenta preparer in Brooklyn."
PSNI launches 'scratch and sniff' cards to whiff out cannabis farms in Northern Ireland
Missing Ketchup Prompts Alleged BB Gun Shooting At McDonald's Drive-Thru
Woman arrested for possessing spoon covered with dried Spaghettios
Police: Suspects shot at McDonald's after ketchup dispute
Flying bear hits car, kills two in Quebec
Mayor de Blasio Implicated in Death of Staten Island Groundhog
Kansas government prepares for zombie apocalypse
RI man makes bid for World's Worst Driver title by getting 4 DUIs in 30 hours - Autoblog
ISIS Tortures, Executes Female Over Facebook Post
Missouri police wear 'I am Darren Wilson' bracelets
Air Canada grapples with porn in cockpit
Belgian City to Build Underground Pipeline for Beer
Medieval Belgium city plans to build beer pipeline
Pipeline to carry beer under Belgian city
German Shepherd throws fit after being told to stop swimming
FBI 'very concerned' about iPhone lock
Justin Bieber ruptures eardrum after deliberately throwing himself off a cliff.
Nine-inch fork removed from man's stomach after 10 years
Philadelphia Dunkin' Donuts Robbed With Hypodermic Needle
Pictured: The self-styled cyber warrior who spread hacked photos of naked celebrities seen 250m times by Reddit users - and now complains HIS privacy has been invaded
Women gets surgery to add third breast because she's "tired of dating"
Incest Is 'Taboo' but Shouldn't Be Illegal, German Experts Say
Tapeworms take over man's body after he eats sushi
Redneck Christmas Parade Canceled For Being Too Trashy
Social Media Madness After Nine iPhones Bend!
Wearable Tech Debuts the Selfie Sombrero
A Man Drinks a Fifth of Jack Daniel's in 13 Seconds: What happens when someone drinks that much that quickly?
Town of Hell freezes over in the US
Woman Evades Mentally Ill Home Intruder By Hiding Half-Naked On Roof
Man arrested after drinking iced tea in public must take deal or go to trial
Disney sued for $250 million by woman claiming Frozen is stolen from her life story
Mom irate when 2nd grade teacher refuses vagina cookies
Boston Puzzling Over How to Get Time Capsule Out of Lion's Head
Document gives details on attack carried out by polygamous 'ninjas'
Eat, bray, love: amorous donkey couple reunited after protests at separation. Long-term lovers Napoleon and Antosia back in same enclosure at Polish zoo after politician objected to their sex schedule
Jailed Woman Released After Lab Test Proved Spoon Residue Was SpaghettiOs, Not Meth
Canadian man found with 51 live turtles stuffed in pants
Man mistaken for squirrel shot dead
Chicken at food safety summit source of illness
Skinny Jeans: Destroyer of iPhones and sperm
Windsor man charged with smuggling 51 turtles in sweatpants
Indian man climbs over fence and gets killed by tiger
Man Saves Black Bear From Drowning
Pornhub launch a record label: Pornhub Records
Sand, deteriorated paper found inside 137-year-old time capsule.
Walmart texts made paranoid killer confess.
Fox News Host Wonders If Female Fighter Pilot Bombing In Syria Counts As "Boobs On The Ground"
Staten Island's famous groundhog died after Bill de Blasio dropped it
Al Sharpton Says He's Helping The White House Pick The Next Attorney General
'Naked therapist' strips on web cam to help porn addicted men
Polygamist Ninjas Charged In Bizarre Attack
Fox News presenters mock female pilot who took part in campaign against Isis
Suspected bomb turns out to be mix tape
Irish Girls Win Google Science Fair 2014 With World-Changing Crop Yield Breakthrough
'Naked Therapist' Helps To Treat Men With Porn Addiction (By Stripping For Them Online)
Windsor man charged with hiding 51 turtles on body in bizarre smuggling case
CDC Says Ebola Vaccine Only Works on White People
Drake gets a prayer hands emoji tattoo
Bill de Blasio groundhog died after ceremony fall
Jared Leto, Snoop Dogg and Nas invest in Robinhood
Bachelors demand brides for votes in Haryana election - paper
Woot! is selling Derek Jeter's game worn jersey and pants with stadium seats for only $25,999.99, deal?
Art installation in rubbish bin causes bomb scare
Student in Military Jacket Prompts Lockdown at Southington School: Police
Kansas Is So Broke That It Has To Auction Off Sex Toys
Kevin Durant admits he plays as LeBron in NBA 2K
TP-LINK Archer C7 V2 AC1750 Dual Band Wireless AC Gigabit Router Review Of 2014
State OKs sale of sex toys online to recoup tax losses
iPhone 6 Plus performing badly in hammer stress tests, complain morons
Man Decides to Become Woman (Trans) Joins MMA, Fights Female Opponent, Gives her Concussion and Broken Eye Socket
100% Handmade Museum Quality:Bottle Oil Painting [Oil 9357] - $40.00 :
Incest 'a fundamental right', says German Ethics Council
Bear at door blocks Canada Post from delivering B.C. man's package
Reviews McCulloch MC-1275 Heavy-Duty Steam Cleaner
Chainsaw-wielding man accused of setting fire to picnic table
Holly Springs landfill a tourist attraction
Man charged with smuggling in Detroit after more than 50 turtles found beneath his clothing
Owner Steve Ballmer Wants the LA Clippers to Stop Using Apple Products
Argentina sends drones to catch tax cheats with secret mansions
Man Confessed To Killing Because Of Texts From Walmart
The U.S. Forest Service Wants to Fine You $1,000 for Taking Pictures in the Forest
51 turtles found in man's pants at Canadian border
School District Wants to Censor American History Curriculum to Make It More Patriotic
Two polygamist women, dressed as ninjas, face charges in attack
Pennsylvania woman blamed for her own rape (yes, in 2014)
Steve Ballmer doesn't want Clippers to use any Apple products
Not All Things Are Made The Same In On the internet Marketplaces
Workers litter for Minister to clean up
Make In India blitz driven by made in China tech: USB flash drives containing the electronic versions of brochures of the "Make In India" campaign were made in China
China: Restaurant 'sold opium-laced noodles'
Congressman wants to legally ban federal employees from watching porn at work
Denial of sex by spouse is cruelty: Indian Supreme-Court
Air Canada grapples with 'explicit' material in cockpit
man found with 51 turtles in his pants
Blaming the victims: Oklahoma police to local news: Best way for women not to get raped by cops is to follow the law
Holiday cottage owner avoids £23.7bn bill for two return flights to Portugal
Bruges to build beer pipeline to stop traffic ruining locals' lives
80% people forget to breathe while using PC: Experts
15-Ton Prehistoric shark caught off the cost of Pakistan
Beer Pipeline To Be Built Under Historic Bruges
It's not easy being overweight and on benefits, says 25 stone mother-of-two who wants MORE money from the government to help her diet.
Chinese Man's Love of Sashimi Results In Full-Body Tapeworm Infestation
Make in India blitz driven by made in China tech
Wandering Port Coquitlam bear not drunk, just "fat and lazy"
New York artist creates 'art' that is invisible and collectors are paying millions
Fighting Health Care System for Simple Request: To Die at Home.
Does Kim Jong Un Have Gout?
Rob Schneider inoculates himself against criticism with "free speech" placebo
National prostitution ring 'smashed'
Omagh's 'Shawshank Husband' Dug Tunnel From Bedroom To Pub Over 15 Years
Redneck Christmas Parade in North Florida canceled
Killer who couldn't get erection: "She laughed, I snapped"
Echidnas line up for love in a bizarre mating ritual revealed at Taronga Zoo
Paranoid man confesses to a murder he committed 17 years ago, after mistakenly receiving prescription texts from Wal-Mart, and thinking the texts were for the same woman he killed.
Dutch man turns amputated leg into a lamp, tries to sell it on eBay
Republicans Are People Too
Groundhog dies after escaping NYC mayor's grip
LIBERIA PAPER: TWO EBOLA VICTIMS HAVE BEEN RESURRECTED, LOCALS FEAR THEY ARE NOW GHOSTS
BlackBerry Is Surging After Reporting Better Than Expected Earnings
Islamic State recruiting women to 'have kids and cook'
Artist sells invisible art
"Republicans Are People, Too" Campaign Promptly Backfires
Thailand PM bemoans 'divisive' soap operas
'The internet poses one of the greatest threats to our existence', says Australian senator Glenn Lazarus - video
Preggers Keggers? 'NYC's First Bar For Pregnant Women' Announced On Ave A
Woman Busted for Possession of SpaghettiO's Sauce May Sue
Ferguson P.D. Chief Marches with Riot-Cop Escort in Protest Against Him
51 turtles found in man's pants at U.S.-Canada border
School bans overalls just for 12 guys and nobody else.
New York man shot dead after fellow hunter allegedly mistakes him for squirrel
Oklahoma "Pastafarian" Wears Colander In License Photo
Ferguson public relations representative was convicted of reckless homicide.
State spending $9M for temporary school for lava-displaced kids
Greek woman 'buried alive by accident'
Heroin Is Cheaper Than Beer in Pennsylvania: Report Says
Postal Carrier Accused of Hoarding 40,000 Pieces of Mail
'Holy Man' Kills Follower To 'Bring Him Back To Life
"F**** it, I quit" an Alaskan News anchor quits on air to promote Marijuana legalization
North Korean TV Says Kim Jong-un Is 'Not Feeling Well'
A woman is suing Disney for $250 million claiming 'Frozen' stole her life story
Brooklyn Mailman Found With Decade Worth Of Undelivered Mail
Calf with '7' on its head named for Steelers' Ben
High-flying CEO quits after daughter writes list of 22 milestones he missed
Lego shortage leaves toy stores between a block and a hard place
Donkey couple too amorous for Polish public
Hot Teen Nam Phương 1997
Daily Show Zayn Malik / One Direction Joke Angers Fans; Says The Daily Show, Jon Stewart 'Gone too Far'
Postman refuses to deliver package because of bear at the door
Do you believe in ghosts? Police in New Mexico believe surveillance camera captured one!
Rory McIlroy when asked what he would be if he weren't a world-famous golfer: "A virgin."
FBI Director 'Concerned' About New Smartphone Encryption
Steve Ballmer To Ban L.A. Clippers From Using Apple Products
Scientists confess to sneaking Bob Dylan lyrics into their work for the past 17 years
Vancouver sex club gets green light from city, while cross-dressers stopped by red tape
Phơi áo quần đúng cách
Redneck Christmas Parade canceled
Teen suspended for standing up to bully
New campaign insists 'Republicans Are People Too'
To keep customers coming back, some Chinese restaurants are lacing noodles with opiates
Once Secretive Sriracha Factory Becomes California's Hottest Tourist Attraction
3 retired firefighters who worked at ground zero on 9/11 have died on the same day from cancer, an illness that many fear might be connected to toxic World Trade Center dust released during the attacks.
Woman beheaded by disgruntled employee at Oklahoma plant
Virginia America Flight Diverted Because Of Masturbating Passenger
California enacts ban on Confederate flag
Ultra-Orthodox Jews Delay Flight Because Seating Wasn't Segregated
JC police say Kingsport man used stolen credit card number for Burger King gift cards
VIRAL PHOTO: No Hooking in Oakland
Keanu Reeves' home proves to be a magnet for female intruders
Polish woman, 90, becomes US citizen 86 years after arrival
Kansas government approves sex toy auction to settle scofflaw's tax debt
Video of S.F. parking cop clinging to speeding car's hood
Former UPS worker accused of stealing $160,000 diamond, trading it for $20 of marijuana
Obama Plotting ISIS-Related Terror Attack in Minnesota, Most Likely Mall of America
North Korea officially acknowledges that Kim Jong Un isn't feeling very well, report says
A Woman Is Suing Disney Claiming "Frozen" Is Stolen From Her Life Story
No One Has Seen North Korea's Kim Jong Un in Three Weeks
Man is Arrested for Attempting to Smuggling Turtles Strapped to Leg from Detroit to Canada.
Steve Ballmer Set to Banish Apple Devices at Clippers
What was fake on the Internet this week: Everything, basically
Missing Boy Walks Right Past Camera Crew Reporting His Story
Woman sues Disney, says 'Frozen' was based on her life story
Eric Holder Was Great on Drugs
Frustrated over lack of justice, Ukrainians throw officials in trash
Girl, 11, shoots man attacking mother in southeast Oklahoma City
We Were Thrown Off a Bus for Singing About a Pig to Our Baby: Couple
Canadian charged after border agents say more than 50 turtles found on his body
Polygamous women in 'ninja' apparel charged in home attack
United Nations Programme On HIV And AIDS Appoints Victoria Beckham As International Goodwill Ambassador
Canadian man caught with 51 live turtles in his pants at U.S. border
Woman Irate That Ontario Family Is Flying Mexican Flag In Their Front Yard
Thai PM Bemoans Divisive Soap Operas, Offers to Write Better Ones
Tourists Urged to Avoid Ebola Zone in West Africa
Couple singing Peppa Pig tune to toddler 'forced off bus after complaints they were being racist' because it goes against Muslim pork ban
American Mustache Institute bemoans Holder's retirement
Uri Geller Claims iPhone 6 'Bendgate' is Caused by 'Mind Energy'
Kazakhstan says SpongeBob SquarePants is a violent bully who corrupts children's minds'
SpongeBob seen as threat to children in Kazakhstan
FBI Director Angry At Homebuilders For Putting Up Walls That Hide Any Crimes Therein
Two stabbed over cookie dispute in Altadena
GOP Donor: Elect a Republican Sheriff in Case Obama Seizes Dictatorial Power
Chicago Police: 'Apple Will Become the Phone of Choice for the Pedophile'
POLICE: 'Apple Will Become The Phone Of Choice For The Pedophile'
University Of Michigan: Withholding Sex, Discounting Feelings Are 'Sexual Violence'
Dwarf who dressed as Oompa Loompa admits pestering schoolgirls for sex
One Direction Fans Are Boycotting 'The Daily Show' for 'Racism'
Canadian Postal Worker's Apology for Non-Delivery: 'Bear at the Door'
Bev Hills Warns About ISIS Attack on Unbuilt LA Subway
Chinese noodle shop laces noodles with opium to keep customers coming back
Stop displaying porn in the cockpits, airline tells pilots
Meth charge dropped after only spaghetti sauce found on spoon (x-post from /r/news)
Chicken served at Baltimore food safety summit sickened 216 attendees Read more: http://www.ctvnews.ca/health/chicken-served-at-baltimore-food-safety-summit-sickened-216-attendees-1.2025716#ixzz3ETFVxRC6
Canada: Gay porn channel told to 'show more Canadian content'
PETA urges vegan diet for Indiana man accused of killing, eating ex-girlfriend
Chicken served at Baltimore food safety summit sickened 216 attendees
Sarah Palin Gets White House Address Wrong
Local meth charge dropped after only spaghetti sauce found on spoon
Noodle bar owner laces food with opium to get customers hooked.
25 stone single mother wants more benefits for healthy food 'to lose weight'
Oklahoma Highway Patrol trooper told women they can avoid getting raped by a cop if they simply follow traffic laws.
Watch "RWW News: Palin: No Truth In '1400 Pennsylvania A..." on YouTube
Drowning witness: Police stopped men from trying to save woman trapped in car
Kansas profits from online auction of adult toys, seller owes state thousands in taxes
Beaverton neighbor could face charges after pulling plants
Source: FAA facility employee that started fire was upset over transfer to Hawaii
Restaurant offers discount to gun-carrying customers.
7 tons of trash left behind at people's climate march
Thousands March For The Environment, Leave Trash Behind
Teen Called "Snake Boy" Needs To Soak In Water Every Hour
Islamists attacked students protesting ISIS at Istanbul University
Man With Implanted Horns: 'I'll See You All in Hell'
and I wonder why it's still there...
Gov't trying to confirm report 9 Japanese have joined Islamic State
Driver accused of abandoning chicken truck found
New York postal worker caught 'hoarding' 40,000 pieces of mail
Brain repair 'may be boosted by curry spice'
Thailand's Military Stops University Lecture on 'Authoritarianism' and Detains Professors
Princess Anne to visit island where Prince Philip is worshipped as a god
Làm hồng nhũ hoa tự nhiên có hiệu quả?
learning the ukulele for beginners
how to play piano by ear for beginners
Artist Makes Millions Selling Invisible Art
Sarah Palin Gets White House Address Wrong: 'Truth is an endangered species at 1400 Pennsylvania Avenue.'
Man charged after turtles found beneath clothing
Pa. police: Owners of pot plants can 'claim them'
Man who drove truck into Stratosphere commits suicide
Woman Named Crispi Set Fire With Burned Bacon: Cops
Karl Rove on how Bush would have handled ISIS crisis
Chef creates burgers that taste like human FLESH
Beverly Hills, Fearing ISIS Attack, Fights Public Transportation
British chef creates burgers that taste like human flesh
Hướng dẫn cách chọn và sử dụng cám gạo để làm đẹp
Mark Reckless MP sorry for being 'too drunk to vote'
Report: Chicken on Menu at 2014 Food Safety Summit was Contaminated
[Reuters] Idaho trucker accused of ditching chicken load arrested
Couple branded 'racists' for singing Peppa Pig theme to baby
Couple thrown off bus and branded 'racists' for singing Peppa Pig theme to their baby.
Local Baseball Fan Doesn't Have Opinion on Derek Jeter, Infuriates Friends
Woman is heard screaming from her coffin after being 'buried alive'
Greek woman heard screaming, banging from inside coffin after allegedly buried alive: report
Slender Man Stabbing Survivor's Parents: 'She's Meant to Do Something Special'
Polygamist ninja women attempt kidnapping, stopped by swordsman
Cop Asks for Man's License, Shoots Him When He Reaches for It
Lawsuit: Man refuses to show receipt at Costco exit, employee breaks man's leg
Musician finds calling as guitar teacher.
Coca Cola submits a patent to package orange juice in orange peels.
Woman suing Disney, claims 'Frozen' is my life story
'Bodybuilders for Jesus' Couple Spread God's Word - Through Swinging (Video)
Belgian beer pipeline to carry booze under Bruges
Mom put baby in trunk to avoid ticket for no car seat
Mom Bakes Batch of Vagina Cookies for Second Graders, Acts the Complete Fool When Teacher Refuses to Serve Them
Bruges Booze tubes to pump LOVELY BEER underneath city
Beverly Hills Claims The Purple Line Will Encourage ISIS To Kill Their Children
N.J. Gov. Chris Christie, stumping for Gov. Tom Corbett, declares himself the second governor of Pa.
A fat girl gets naked
Sarah Palin denies divorce rumors, says she 'rarely' wears a ring in Alaska because she's 'choppin' wood' or 'butcherin' a moose or something'
Pamphlet shows parents how to teach kids about homosexuality without turning them gay
New York artist creates 'art' that is invisible
Lynn police block complaints with threats of arrest
Comedian Seann Walsh cancels gig after catching train to Hereford instead of Hertford
2-Month-Old Baby Turns Into 'Full Grown Man'
Pennsylvania police's pot plot: Ask owners to call
Man refuses to show receipt at Costco exit, employee breaks man's leg
Firefighters use oxygen on hamsters rescued from blaze
51 Turtles found in man's pants at Canadian Boarder
Men flock to become agency's next undercover sex operative
Santorum Targets Islam: You Never See 'Baptist Ministers Going on Jihad'
Man who raised 55K for potato salad throws party
Tủ đồ hàng thật, hàng giả lẫn lộn của Ngọc Trinh
Kobe Bryant Studied a Hunting Cheetah to Improve His Fadeaway Jumper
How to Make People Care about Projects
Police: Bucks County man fired shot into neighbor's home to unload gun
Mother Gets Abusive After Teacher Refused to Serve Her Second Graders Vagina Cookies
Is that a turtle in your pocket, or...
Cops: Man fired into neighbor's home to unload gun
Canadian Education Committee wants to ban talking animals from children's books
'Turtle smuggling' Canadian arrested
Psychic: 'Mental forces' to blame for bending iPhones
Students Rally for 'Beard Revolution' in Provo
Kansas to host a massive sex toy auction in the face of ongoing budget crisis
BYU Students Protest Beard Ban
I Don't Want to Smell Your Pot Smoke and I Don't Think it Should Be Legalized
'We are always cordial': Westboro Baptists and 'Equality House' forge bizarre neighbourhood truce
Tom Jones trending after AFL grand final, fans assume he is dead
Department Of Justice Orders Ferguson Police To Stop Wearing 'I Am Darren Wilson' Bracelets
Cuba bans Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez perfumes
Swansea schoolgirl finds nest of spiders inside banana
Oklahoma beheading suspect described as "a little odd"
Comcast seeks to fix awful customer service, admits "it may take a few years"
TTC 'Leprechaun' spurs outrage, legal questions
Las Vegas police bust pot grower who put his crop on YouTube
Boko Haram 'leader', killed repeatedly, continues to threaten Nigeria
Bí quyết làm đẹp mà các cô gái tuổi teen cần biết
Woman causes fatal crash while using 2 cell phones
North Korea tells UN it's ready to discuss human rights
New Evidence Shows That Early Man Was All About Hotboxing Their Caves
Zombie Apocalypse? Two Dead Ebola Victims 'Resurrect' On Way To Burial, Mass Panic Follows Read more at
Sweden: No proof that moose get drunk, say researchers
Christian swingers: 'God uses us to spread his word'
At CIA Starbucks, even the baristas are covert
Raft built of nitrogen bags (with some snacks)
After A Horrifying Car Crash, This Australian Man Woke Up Speaking Fluent Chinese. He Had Completely Forgotten English
Ardboe Woman Spends £3000 To Look Like Trout
Những thói quen làm đẹp cần được gây dựng
Pentagon think tank hires 'Call of Duty' creator to advise on future threats to US
The amazing (and bizarre) homemade Kurdish armor fighting ISIS in Syria
Michigan mom turns to prayer and social media to save her son
Police warn Ukrainian against throwing politicians into garbage containers
Meat worker pulls hook from face, remains 'jovial'
New Mexico police say they caught a ghost on camera
Texas bank robber demands money, but shows two forms of ID
NY Post Mocks Chelsea Clinton's Baby. No, Really.
News Weird News iOS 8 'My iPhone more important than GOD': People ditching religion in favour of Apple iOS 8
'My iPhone more important than GOD': People ditching religion in favour of Apple iOS 8
Internationally acclaimed barrister Amal Alamuddin marries an actor
Kansas Fills its Budget Shortfall with Sex Toy Auction
Comcast now has SVP for customer experience: "Our customers deserve the best"
20yr Old Man Stole A Diamond Ring Worth $150,000 And Exchanged It For Weed Worth $20
Daring sex workers introduce 'Ebola risk allowance'
Republican congressman's ridiculous propagandistic rhetoric on marijuana addiction
Man who raised $55k to make potato salad on Kickstarter throws epic public party
Bodybuilding Christian Swingers From Florida Start Spouse-Swapping Website
Guy who raised $55k to make potato salad on Kickstarter throws epic public party
Slam Poet Dies After Forgetting to Breathe During Poetry Reading
Teen Claims '3-Breasted Porn Model' Kept Him in Cage As Sex Slave
i am selling my ello.co identity on ebay for $1111‿
Ebola Zombies? Patients 'Resurrecting' or 'Rising from the Dead'
We Brought it on Ourselves: A Timeline of Choices We've Made to Increase Inequality
Colombian women's cycling team 'not ashamed' of 'vagina-like' team kit
British woman claims she's obese because the government doesn't give her enough money to buy healthy food.
An NFL Team Will Probably Win 14 Games. We Just Don't Know Which Team.
500 pounds of squash stolen from Pittsfield church
Сервис обмена лайками. Накрутка подписчиков, лайков, людей в группу, и репостов VK.COM
Threesome with homeless guy leads to strangulation arrest
Man burns down house attempting to kill spider with fire.
Washington think tank hires 'Call of Duty' creator to advise Pentagon on future threats to US
My idea of a computer monitor.
Christians preach the gospel via wife swapping...
Copyright Apocalypse: Trolls Attack the Net, From the Future
Indian leader's fast is etiquette question for dinner at White House
A Wearable Drone That Launches Off Your Wrist To Take Your Selfie
Man ejaculated in his co-workers coffee because he was in live with her
Smiling, Talking Robot Hitchhikes Across Canada Unharmed
Horrible/Hilarious Boss Fires Employee Using a Donald Trump Meme
Two stabbed, suspect arrested, during fight over cookies in Altadena
Man does 170 pushups without stopping, now has very tired triceps
Potato salad kickstarter: Man who raised $55K for potato salad throws party
Japanese company plans space elevator by 2050
Vladimir Putin Has Been Planning World War 3 For The Last Decade, Former Adviser Warns
Kim Jong-un's discomfort 'down to cheese addiction'
Michigan college launches beer-making program
CAIR Isn't Sure Oklahoma Beheader Is Muslim Because His Name Sounds Too Jewish
Man empties handgun into neighbors home because 'he didn't know how to unload gun it'.
Man who shot into a neighbor's home because he claimed he 'didn't know another way to unload a gun'.
Romance Archives - Movies Torrents
Man claimed he fired a gun into his neighbors window because it was the only way he knew how to unload it.
Knife-wielding raider tried to rob shop 'after childhood sweetheart told him she had become a lesbian'
Feds spend $300K on study on how to ride bikes
Condom cookbook aims to promote safe sex
Chef who swindled schnitzels from employer ordered to pay $70k
Bird Droppings Led to U.S. Possession of Newly Protected Pacific Islands
Yahoo killing off Yahoo after 20 years of hierarchical organization
Uri Geller: 'Mental forces' to blame for bending iPhones
Isis Leskien: The eight-year-old Sydney girl whose name is 'tearing her family apart'
Pensioner drops grenade on noisy teenagers who were keeping him up at night
PA man shoots at neighbor's home because it was the only way he knew how to unload the gun
Dating website founder says love doesn't exist
Londoners give up eldest children in public Wi-Fi security horror show
Iowa Couple Leaves Huge Tip for Terrible Service
Cops: Man said he fired bullet into neighbor's home because it was his only way to unload gun
League of Legends Tournament Accidentally Breaks World Record For Most Single Men In One Place
Man robs service station with boomerang [/r/funny]
Donald Trump retweets picture of serial killers Fred and Rosemary West thinking they are the parents of fan 'inspired' by him
Kim Jong-un in hiding due to Emmental cheese addiction
ISIS hookah bar in Queens not a terror spot, named after owner's first love
Leicester KFC customer shocked as he is refused hand-wipe because of branch's halal policy
Londoners Unwittingly Exchange First Born Children For Free Wi-Fi
Artist creates invisible 'Art' and collectors are paying millions
Graphic photos of Nicki Minaj surface online
Big tobacco is ramming home message about the dangers of e-cigarettes
Bear's First Day Of School Goes HORRIBLY
Man found decapitated, police suspect suicide
Couple Who Allegedly Had Sex On Murdered Bodies 'Couldn't Get Off'
Stoned dog triggers SPCA raid on Yaletown apartment
People Willing to Give Up Firstborn Child For Free Wi-Fi
Paralyzed man without wheelchair after police tag it for evidence and then proceed to loose it.
Author sues Disney for $250 million, claiming movie 'Frozen' copied her life story
Bay Area Southwest Jets To Begin Using Sustainable Fuel From Twigs, Bark, Wood
City of Ferguson hires spokesman, who turns out was convicted of shooting unarmed man to death
Biblical Giants Unearthed in Golan Heights?
Kochs try to register a cat to vote in North Carolina
Wyoming sheriff insists grenade launcher is key for riot control in 25-inmate jail
KFC leaves Muslims baffled after branch drops alcohol hand-wipes in halal mix-up
Louisiana church evicts Alcoholics Anonymous group, blames gay marriage
Londoners accidentally pay for free Wi-Fi with a firstborn, because no one reads anymore
U.S. Troops Battling Ebola Get Off to Slow Start in Africa
Church boots AA group over gay weddings
Mom hid baby in car's trunk to avoid ticket for not having car seat
You Call This Thai Food? The Robotic Taster Will Be the Judge
Cologne leads to bush-hiding suspect
Man shot through neighbor's window because he didn't know another way to unload gun.
Mayor de Blasio Dodges Questions About Groundhog's Death
Tycoon Donald Trump 'may sue' over Fred West tweet
U.K. tabloid under fire after reporter posing as young woman on Twitter lures MP into sending explicit photo
China's Wang Blasts Japan
Witnesses: Skydivers who died descended too fast
Why Did a Black Man Get Gunned Down in Walmart for Carrying an Unloaded Air Rifle?
Iraqi comedy show mocks Islamic State propaganda
Sheriff Assaults Driver After Being Asked For His Badge, Responds by Saying: "Here's my Badge, Motherf*cker"
China's Neighbors Are Going On a Military Shopping Spree - In Japan
Arizona Man Trades $160K Diamond for $20 Weed, Cops Say
EU flag stirs confused terrorist alert in Belfast
Six metre Birmingham cycle lane branded "ridiculous" by cycling campaign group
Slashgear: New Galaxy Note 4 issues "worse than #bendgate"
Donkeys Reunited at Poland Zoo After Sex Controversy
CEO of Trillion-Dollar Company Resigned After His Daughter Told Him How Much He Has Missed
Scientists sneak Bob Dylan lyrics into articles as part of long-running bet
Tiny Oxygen Masks Credited With Big Hamster Rescue
A Mother Removed Her Child From School After Being Stopped From Sharing Vagina Cookies With Her Class
'Meth' candy leaves sour taste on New Mexico school playground
At U.N., Iceland Announces Men-Only Conference On Gender Equality
Iceland Announces Men-Only Conference On Gender Equality
THE GHOST OF RONALD REAGAN AUTHORIZES MOST NSA SPYING
Police: Man busted after allegedly propositioning an undercover officer
Man staring at iPad causes airport evacuation
Walmart Faults Tracy Morgan for Not Wearing Seatbelt During Car Accident
Woman Jailed for One Month After Cops Confused Her SpaghettiOs for Meth
Driver ticketed for using stuffed bear as passenger.
Miley Cyrus Shares Topless Shower Photo On Instagram Because What Else Is New
Mayor Bill De Blasio Ducks Dead Groundhog Questions
Walmart blames Tracy Morgan for his own injuries
'Glamour model' fooled into giving birth to fake footballer's child.
Kim Jong Un reportedly missing due to severe cheese addiction
Modern-Day Witch Hunts Target Men
Farmer rejects wind turbines - "They are just hideous. They will make sheep and cattle sterile"
76-year-old man sleeps on coconut tree after argument with wife
Kids Bending an iPhone 6 plus IN APPLE STORE!
Apple Sure Would Appreciate It If You Would Stop Bending Their Phones
Turks Leave for "Family-Friendly" IS Group
The Thai government says there is only one proper way to make green curry
Study: Drinking 5,600 Beers a Day Could Make You Smarter
Muslim convert accused of beheading a colleague 'felt oppressed at work over not getting a raise'
Billing for rape: Louisiana sex assault victims often face hefty bills for medical care
Poor fellow can't even mourn properly
Man faces jail if he writes more than two council complaints a month
You can buy pre-bent iPhone 6 cases
He Puts Girlfriend Up For Rent to Save Money for iPhone 6
Woman jailed for one month after cops confused spegettos for meth.
Woman arested and detained for a month after cops mistake spegettos for meth.
Florida Woman jailed for one month when police confuse SpaghettiOs for Meth.
Iceland announces men-only UN conference on women, gender equality
The Secret Service opens door to ridicule
Woman arrested for allegedly seeking fake $94 million tax refund
Lions say TE injured trying to stop his dog, Lil' Rufio, from urinating indoors
#ElderlyWhoDab Trend Highlights Hash-Loving Senior Citizens (x-post from /r/eldertrees)
Joseph Fauria hurt chasing puppy
Neighbour complains after mistaking EU flag for 'Arabic flag'
Worldwide chemtrail protest turns out to be mostly vapor
Pre-bent iPhone 6 case goes on sale
Ulster resident calls police over 'Arabic emblem' that turns out to be EU flag
35,000 pounds of rotting chickens abandoned at Missoula Wye
A Mother Removed Her Child From School After She Was Stopped From Sharing Vagina Cookies With Her Class
Where some see 'smart growth,' others see U.N. plot
A cat, a dog, and a laser light show: All three will now appear in a new Schenectady High School yearbook photo.
Rollercoaster passengers covered in blood after ride decapitates deer
Donald Trump threatens to sue after he's tricked into re-tweeting a photo of two serial killers
Kanye Sues over not being parodied in Weird Al Album
Syria is, yes, trying to restore tourism
Iceland announces men-only U.N. meeting on gender equality
people are destroying Iphone display models to prove they can bend
Iceland Announces Men-Only U.N. Conference to Address Gender Equality
Good2Go phone app aims to stop sexual assault by ensuring sex is consensual
"Goosebumps" for reporter who finds missing child standing next to him in the yard (cringeworthy reporting)
George Zimmerman's family hoped for reality show
Brad Pitt Calls Shia LaBeouf "One Of The Best Actors I've Ever Seen"
Men dressed as law enforcement steal medical marijuana plants
Suarez bite results in FIFA 15 suspension in the game
Walmart says Tracy Morgan should have worn a seat belt
Sickly, obese Bronx woman dies in Hungary after airlines say she's too fat to fly
Woman jailed after 'SpaghettiOs' mistaken for meth
A gay Republican, finding his party is ruining his friendships, seeks help
AT&T's congestion magically disappears when it's signing up new customers
Reporter spots missing boy while reporting story about his disappearance
Parents Let Kid Drop Out of High School to Focus on Guitar Hero
Police: Man fires bullet into neighbor's house because that's the only way he knew to unload a gun
For people who think their smartphone is too big: This phone comes with a smaller phone for making calls and texts.
"The bigger the belly, the more you can drink:" NY bar billing itself as first bar for pregnant women
Suarez Bite Results in FIFA 2015 Suspension
Packets? Students Make a Boat to Prove It.
Walmart blames Tracy Morgan's failure to wear seatbelt for crash injuries
Important alert from Chinese state media: No, Ebola isn't a 'zombie virus'
2 arrested trying to smuggle 25,000 diapers into Eastern Europe
Robotic taste-tester financed by Thai government to judge authenticity of Thai food
University of Otago students upset over porn ban
Otago University's porn ban slammed as 'draconian'
Local Bank To Pay All Employees A Living Wage
Sexy Olaf sells out - Controversial "Frozen" costume a hit
Mike Leach predicts human extinction
Six London families 'unknowingly agreed to give up eldest child' in exchange for free Wi-Fi
LNP backbencher Ewen Jones says six-month dole waiting period will leave young job-seekers with no time for Xbox and Cheezels
Girl hit by a train while taking a selfie on a railway track .
Kanye West Teaches College Class For A Day, Answers Question About Illuminati
Stop Bending the Apple Store's iPhones
Woman jailed after police mistake spaghetti sauce for meth Read more at http://www.9news.com.au/world/2014/09/30/16/17/woman-jailed-after-police-mistake-spaghetti-sauce-for-meth#Q3UTZObZZ7HGWp7H.99
Hot girl Thái Lan chết thảm vì phẫu thuật thẩm mỹ
TUYỂN DỤNG : Thuận thiên Corp cần tuyển nhân viên kế toán cửa hàng.
Iceland Says No Women Allowed At U.N. Gender Euality Conference
Iceland Says No Women Allowed At U.N. Gender Equality Conference
These Christian swingers like sharing Bible verses, sex partners
Japan 'vagina artist' arrest sparks debate
Donald Trump tricked into retweeting picture of notorious serial killers, Fred and Rose West
Canadian man caught trying to smuggle 51 live turtles under his clothes
Londoners agree to give up first-born child in exchange for free internet
Walmart Finds Tracy Morgan at Fault in Crash
Chiefs safety Husain Abdullah penalized for post-touchdown prayer
Too Much Air in Potato Chip Packets? Students Make a Boat to Prove It
It took Secret Service five days to realize a gunman had shot at the White House residence
Dreamt of a rape and now a man will go to jail
It Took The Secret Service 5 Days To Realize A Gunman Had Shot At The White House
'Bike for Beards' event part of BYU students' fight for facial hair freedom
Real News: Steve Aoki To Sue Wunderground - Issues Cease & Desist
Woman arrested, accused of filing fake $94 million tax return
A 'Tetris' Movie Is in the Works (Exclusive)
Iceland to follow up Emma Watson speech with UN women's rights conference for men only
Doubts surround Boko Haram leader's "third death"
Slipknot Reveal Why Their Music Festival Will Smell Like Burning Camel Poop
Nuclear weapons lab built next to a seismic fault line
Local mom realizes that Christian daycare teaches Christianity [x-post /r/rva]
Man dressed as a pirate is attacked by neighbors.
The British Are Spending $20 Billion On Illegal Drugs And Prostitutes
'Mommy Blogger' Accused Of Poisoning Son Blames Child For His Own Death
What you need to know about Facebook's battle with drag queens
Asamoah Gyan, captain of Ghana's national soccer team, forced to deny he murdered rap artist Castro
No one hurt after man crashes into traffic circle at about 4:20 pm after suffering a "coughing fit"
Joseph Fauria: I injured my ankle chasing peeing puppy
KFC Customer Refused Alcohol-Based Wipe Because It Could 'Offend' Muslim Customers
The most romantic way to avoid accidental sexual assaults!
Caffeine-infused underwear not a weight loss aid, US regulators say
White House Front Door Now Locks Automatically
Kim Jong IS Un-well - and it could be GOUT! North Korea confirms its young dictator is 'suffering discomfort' after addiction to Swiss cheese revealed
Straight NZ men marry to win World Cup rugby tickets
Burglary suspect allegedly high on meth, uses toilet water to cool down.
Things that could only happen in a Hong Kong protest.
Epic sci-fi Tertis movie in the works
Men charged with assaulting "Pirate" neighbor
When It Comes to Sex Partners, Men Prefer Younger Women: Study
Microsoft skips 'too good' Windows 9, jumps to Windows 10
Georgia woman mistakenly jailed for more than a month after cops confused SpaghettiOs for meth
Microsoft announces the next version of Windows after 8.1: Windows 10.
Windows 8's successor will be called Windows 10.
A "Tetris" Movie is in the works
ISIS recruiting tactics: Apple pie and video games
Britons sign away first-born children for free Wi-Fi
Windows 9 is a Free Upgrade but you'll Need to Pay for it
Lions' Joseph Fauria injured while trying to stop his dog from urinating in his house
'Target practicing and praying': Fox host advises viewers to prep for ISIS invasion
Man Posts Craigslist Ad Offering MLB Playoff Tickets in Exchange for a Threesome
National Review Writer Calls for Hanging Women Who Have Abortions
Tetris is being turned into an 'epic sci-fi' movie by the Mortal Kombat movie producer
Barbie as goddess Kali angers Hindus
She Was Caught on Camera Beating Him with a Metal Pole, but He's the One in Jail after Cops 'Refused to Look at the Video'
EDM Superstars Krewella Mired In Legal Mess Involving DJ's Newfound Sobriety
Mother bakes vagina cookies help second graders learn sex education not best pleased teacher says inappropriate
37.000 pounds of rotten chicken require special landfill
Have You Treated This Man?
Cops: Donut thief arrested with 'pastry in hand'
Student receives detention for sharing lunch with another student
David Cameron Wishes Britain Would Abandon The Metric System.
Fat Cops Forced to Pay For Gym Equipment
Woman Gives Homeless Man Her Credit Card
Tetris is being made into 'epic, sci-fi movie'
Reality TV star Jessa Duggar blames the Holocaust on the theory of evolution
The Classic Video Game 'Tetris' Is Becoming A Movie
Deeming Windows 9 'too good to release,' Microsoft execs shelve follow-up to Windows 8 and proceed to Windows 10.
Yousaf sisters of the EDM trio Krewella attempt to remove producer "Rain Man" from the group for being sober during performances.
Woman hits cops with wooden container, bites him
You can resize the Start menu in Windows 10, see this Video
Swiss researchers: Banner year for 'giant's penis'
At Central Park, Modi salutes the youth, wishes them 'The Force'
Alberta woman facing potential 2-year prison sentence for calling a prosecutor a "pet kangaroo" on Facebook.
Clinton granddaughter gets presents
Next from Hollywood? Tetris: The Motion Picture
German alcoholics offered beer to clean city
David Cameron: schools should teach mainly in imperial measurements
10,000 Pigeons Undergo Anal Security Checks for China National Day
Psychic Uri Gellar says he can bend an iPhone with his mind
Tracy Morgan Can't believe Walmart Blames him for his own injuries.
Fast Food Chain Bans Alcohol-Based Hand-Wipes - So Muslim Customers Won't Be Offended
ESPN's Andrew Brandt Really Needs A New Twitter Joke
Man killed after being mistaken for squirrel by hunter.
Woman sues Disney for $250 million, say 'Frozen' was her life story
Lebron James: "If I Didn't Play Basketball, I'd be an Optometrist"
Iraqi Pilots Mistakenly Airdropped Food, Water, And Ammunition To ISIS
Ebola stocks surge after first US case diagnosed
Survey says half of all married women have a 'backup husband' in mind
Doctors remove chopstick from Chinese boy's brain
Kim Jong Un 'so fat he has fractured his ankles'
Bulletin Board Material Accumulates as Bama Prepares to Destroy SEC West Team
Bizarre case of 'schnitzel fraud' as chef ordered to pay $70,000 damages
Microsoft to skip a number, call next operating system Windows 10
Smart, eco-friendly new battery made of seeds and pine resin
New GOP ad campaign: 'Republicans Have Feelings'
Armed contractor with criminal record was on elevator with Obama in Atlanta
Kim Jong Un hospitalized with two broken ankles, reportedly from wearing heels and being overweight
Iraq Accidentally Drops Food, Ammo on ISIS Fighters
Uri Geller on 'Bendgate': Mind powers cause iPhone 6 to bend
Putting Caffeine In Your Underwear Won't Make You Slimmer, Alas
Britons spend more on drugs and prostitutes than beer and wine
Georgia cop cannot tell the difference between SpaghettiO's and meth
Kim and Kanye flash their cleavage and get booed in Paris
Blockbuster Video is still a thing in Alaska, apparently
The Federal Communications Commission could start punishing broadcasters for using the term "Redskins" during broadcasts when referencing the Washington NFL team
Washington Driver Caught in HOV Lane With Teddy Bear, Pays Dearly
Reddit gets $50 million in funding and will share 10 percent of that with its users
Woman Spends A Month In Jail After Cops Mistake SpaghettiOs For Meth
Windows 10 has same hardware requirements as Windows 8 :P
Man nearly drives off of ramp to nowhere
Dog on drugs is the talk of Yaletown
Suit: Black donor's sperm sent to white woman
Secret Service let armed felon ride in an elevator with Obama
American plans to use 'his' piece of Africa for advancement of science
Tom Morello flips over pancakes, rages against Seattle cafe
Egypt's oldest pyramid being destroyed by company hired to restore it, claim activists
Boston Marathon bombing suspect's sister appears in court for alleged bomb threat
'Tetris' to Become Live-Action Film, If All the Pieces Fall Into Place
'It'll be kind of hard to smile': Friends mourn death of 'Creeky the Clown' at 98
Caffeine-infused underwear brews consumer complaints
Government Plan to Stop School Shootings: Monitor Homeschoolers
Sick of shotty Thai food? Ex-PM has the answer... a Thai food smelling robot
Iraqi Air Force Accidentally Delivers Food And Ammunition To ISIS Militants
Teens on Tumblr can't stop bragging about Silk Road drug deals
This 'Bra Cam' Shows How Often Women's Breasts Get Ogled
Australian Pig steals beer, gets drunk, fights Cow
Iraq Pilots Mistakenly Gave Food, Ammunition to ISIS Militants
Microsoft Skips Windows 9, Heads Straight to Windows 10
Senator David Leyonhjelm thanks smokers for keeping up habit, says generosity via taxes 'truly staggering'
Microsoft unveils Windows 10 system with Start Menu
Internet Shopping - Tips That Basically Excel!
Large group of Ultra-Orthodox Jews stand in the aisle for 11 hours on flight to Israel rather than sit next to women that aren't their wives.
The Gender Politics of Pockets
Obama Rode Elevator With Armed Ex-Convict In Latest Secret Service Slip-Up
Oof: CNN Anchor Says 'Any Way You Slice It' 3 Times During Segment on Beheading
Defendants in Joliet murder tried sex near bodies, but 'it was weird'
Iraqi Pilots Mistakenly Drop Food, Ammo on Militants
Governor Quinn Announces the Wait is Over for Chicago's First Olive Garden Restaurant
Smart Park Benches Weigh Sitters
'Tetris' to Become a Live-Action Movie
No Hands Allowed in a German Version of Ping Pong; 'Leek Face' Takes the Crown
Good2Go? New app allows users to give 'consent' prior to sex
Thailand's leader will write soap operas to 'return happiness' to the people
Intruder uses golf club to kill 920 Foster Farms chickens
How the hipster beard has been blamed for blunting the market edge of America's razor industry and causing profits to fall
Fuzzy situation: Woman carpooling with teddy bear gets $818 ticket
Kim Jong-un is recovering from 'ankle surgery' after fracturing both ankles.
Laser-guided sea-monkeys creates oceanic currents, create waves
Chinese security body-searches 10,000 pigeons
Partying Latvian fired 'celebratory' pistol shots at 1am in Liverpool and was surprised when armed police arrested him
THE MEDIA BUSINESS; A Pepsi Fan Is Punished in Coke's Backyard
Reports: China body-searched 10,000 pigeons for dangerous materials
Man buys GoPro camera. Realises how boring his life is
City starts beer for alcoholics project
Trial of Movie Theater Shooter to be Broadcast on Television
Robbers don't want iPhone, steal R10
No more waiting for critical surgeries in accredited hospitals
Over-eating gets the better of North Korea's big cheese
University of California to create gender-neutral restrooms
China body-searched 10,000 pigeons: reports
Jamaica moves to decriminalise marijuana, (with eyes on medical use)
Men only: Iceland to lead conference on gender equality, no women invited
Can 'sexual consent' app Good2Go really reduce assaults on campus?
Nervous Chinese officials search pigeon anuses for bombs
Australian construction company ISIS considers name change after workers called 'terrorists'
Washington's experts recruit 'Call of Duty' creator
Hidden 'Bra Cam' Reveals How Many Times A Day Your Breasts Are Stared At
Hundreds Get Food Poisoning at Food Safety Summit 2014
Free as a bird? Not in China, where pigeons get 'anal security checks'
Cách trang điểm để tạo ấn tượng cho buổi phỏng vấn, xin việc
German City Essen to Pay Alcoholics in Beer to Clean Streets
Woman Held in Jail for Weeks Over SpaghettiOs
Man Endures Repeated Assaults, Unwanted Sexual Advances in Detention Facility For Sex Offenders
Mother upset at Minecraft for giving her kids nightmares.
Strona główna - jutrznia.pl
China Gives Full-Body Cavity Search to 10,000 Pigeons
Fed-up bus driver took misbehaving kids back to school
Hong Kong police have confirmed that an Eastern District chief inspector [...] has died after he shot himself [...] with two gunshot wounds to his head.
Chickens Killed with Golf Club, Attacker on the Loose
Newborn baby left cold 'after drunk parents used 4-week-old's blanket to wrap bottle of wine'
Deputies confuse Spaghetti-O's for meth, woman spends 30+ days in jail
Woman Held in Georgia Jail for Weeks Over SpaghettiOs
Barack Obama rides in elevator with an armed ex-con
'Tetris' Movie With 'Big, Epic, Sci-Fi' Plot Headed to Hollywood
How American parenting is killing the American marriage
Dịch vụ SEO Website tại Đà Nẵng SOPA
Authorities: Facebook posts might have provoked assaults
China checks the anuses of 10,000 pigeons for explosives ahead of National Day event.
China body-searched 10,000 pigeons ahead of China's National Day.
China body-searched 10,000 pigeons.
Field Roast's fake meat has to be tested on real animals
Iraqi pilots deliver food and ammunition to Isis militants by mistake
Iraqi Air Force Accidentally Delivers Supplies to ISIS
Couple Spends Close To $40K On Life-Like Sex Dolls For Threesomes
KC police use Twitter to request crime-free night so officers can catch the game
Restaurant offers 10% discount to customers carrying guns
Rob Ford Facts: Fact #38: Rob Ford posed for selfies at the scene of a fatal accident
Kim Jong-un 'is so fat from eating cheese that he has broken his ankles'
Darth Vader, Yoda and Chewbacca Run in Ukraine's Parliamentary Election
Triple-breasted woman 'kept me as sex slave and carved my chest with knife' says teenager
Bring Your Gun to Dinner, Louisiana Restaurant Gives Discount
North Dakota High School Bans Girls From Wearing Tight Pants, Compares Attire To Prostitution
German Alcoholics Offered Free Beer and Cigarettes to Clean City Streets
Was the Koran Caused by Global Warming?
Kenya sentences two Iranians for using fake Israeli passports
Crossfit for children is now a thing.
Black Donor's Sperm Mistakenly Sent to White Parents: Lawsuit
CrossFit Tailors Workout for a New Demographic: Preschoolers
Crime and Punishment to be made into musical for Moscow stage
Iraqi pilots mistakenly drop supplies - instead of bombs - on Islamic State terrorists
Air Canada threatens to come down hard on cockpit porn
3 reasons your nuts can help save the forest
Virgin Airlines Features Terrorist Like Video Games
Sainsbury's '50p challenge' poster telling staff to encourage customers to spend more placed in shop window instead of staff room
Intruders kill hundreds of chickens with golf club, officials say
Feminists Concerned This T-shirt Is So Sexist It Will Stop Girls from Having Careers
Abortion Activist Defends Infanticide: "Medical Necessity" May Require Killing Baby After Birth
Chinese Security conducts rectal probes on 10k suspicious pigeons
Larry Craig says airport bathroom sex arrest was part of official Senate business
Duggar daughter blames the Holocaust on evolution, then compares it to abortion
Police In Mumbai Arrest Single Men And Women For Taking Selfies Together
lovers Dave Hockey and Shawna Bigelow openly share their affection with five silicone life-sized sex dolls
The FCC is considering implementng fines for saying "Redskins" - the NFL team - on broadcast television
Kansas City Police Ask Residents to Take a Break from Crime During the Game
9 pound hairball removed from teens stomach in emergency surgery
Direct download links for 32-bit and 64-bit version of Windows 10 is out now :)
Russia's Chief Justice Advocates A Return To Serfdom
Police In Mumbai Are Stopping Women From Taking Selfies In Public
Iraqi pilots mistakenly drop food, arms to ISIS
The Kansas City police asked fans not to commit crimes during the Royals game
35,000 Walruses Are All Crowded Together In One Spot - And It Signals Something Ominous
Jimmy Carter: I could have beaten Reagan if I was more 'manly'
Jimmy Carter says he would have defeated Reagan had he been more 'manly'
Londoners Agree to Hand Over Their First Born For Internet Access
FCC Could Punish Broadcasters for Using Redskins Name
Tetris to become movie blockbuster
After death, VA persists to collect 59 cents
Argentina's motorbike robber finds fame online (the guy caught on a redditor's Gopro a couple weeks ago).
White Mom Accidentally Gets Black Baby, Stresses Out, Sues Sperm Bank
Decision to let cop killer Abu-Jamal give commencement speech 'despicable,' widow says
Two drug peddlers, political worker killed in separate incidents
Doctors treat teenage girl for severe stomach pains - and find hairball weighing four KILOS
People who can no longer smell peppermint, fish, rose or leather 'may have only five years left to live'
AIG Bailout by U.S. Was 'Extortion,' Greenberg Lawyer Says
Food safety summit struck by food poisoning
Animal Hospital Where Dead Dogs Found Passed Annual Inspection
Funny translations of tech news
College Republicans Dumb Down Voting So Young Women Can Understand It
Chinese security performs 'anal checks' on 10k pigeons. their fingers now smell like chicken.
Windows 8 Was So Bad That Microsoft Is Skipping Windows 9
Icelandic Commission Confirms That Video Of Mythical Sea Monster Lagarfljótsormur Is Actually Real
European Activists Say They Don't Want Any U.S. 'Chlorine Chicken'
I getta shower with the women's volleyball team!
Prince hosts fan Q&A on Facebook, answers just one question
Birther 'evidence' that Michelle Obama was born a man pretty much as dumb as you'd expect
Reporter Covering Missing Boy's Story Actually Finds Him
Texas GOP lawmaker: Secularism is like Nazis putting a 'bullet through the throat' of Jews
FCC considering move to ban NFL Redskins team name
U.S. Says it Needs Nukes to Defend Against Asteroids
Chesapeake church advertises 'Porn Sunday'
West Virginia Plans To Frack Beneath Ohio River, Which Supplies Drinking Water To Millions
Dog Candidate To Officially Start Run At Oakland Mayor's Office Thursday
Facebook apologizes to the LGBT community for its 'real name' policy
School board member connected to bottle opener shaped like rear-end
Boko Haram leader, killed repeatedly, remains a threat
DC Comics Creates A Harley Quinn Comic That Smells Like Cannabis for The US, And One That Doesn't For Everyone Else
White Mom Sues Sperm Bank For Giving Her Vials From Black Donor
Ben Carson: New AP U.S. history course will make kids want to 'sign up for ISIS'
Waterboy with Down Syndrome Scores Touchdown
Victory for drag queens as Facebook apologises for 'real-name' policy
CHILD RAPIST RAPED, Stitched By Medics, and RE-RAPED BY 20 PRISONERS
Bruges Will Cut Traffic With...an Underground Beer Pipeline
Why College GOP says Rick Scott is like a great wedding dress
Russian Literature Lover Gets Drunk, Attempts to Steal Pushkin, Lermontov
IS announces it intends to open a consulate in Istanbul, leaving Erdogen's press officiados stammering
Nick Griffin expelled by BNP
Giants tight end benches himself in fantasy football, loses because of it
Georgia woman spends a month in jail after police confuse Spaghetti-O's for meth
Man pushes giant testicle across America for cancer awareness
Bowtie-clad penguin placed on nude Satan's perch
New York Giants Tight End Larry Donnell Loses Fantasy Matchup Benching Himself
Police: Worker hid $1,200 worth of meat in pants - New York News
Duke's lemurs may hold key to deep space travel
Suspect in syringe stabbing: 'Welcome to the HIV club'
US top cop decries encryption, demands backdoors
Elderly Florida Diner Beaten In Cursing Dispute - Applebee's patron asked attacker to stop 'f' word use
Facebook relaxes its real name policy; drag queens celebrate
Police: Destrehan teachers had a threesome with a student
Pluto Voted Back Into Rank of Planet (happy days!)
Uma says 'human excretion' caused U'khand floods
92% of patients say medical marijuana works
North Americans Google Ebola after first U.S. case confirmed
Vancouver's horny Satan statue replaced with a bow tie-wearing penguin
Footballer arrested with 1.8kg cocaine at Dubai airport
Police appeal after woman has kebab smeared in her face in random attack
Accused of Stealing a Backpack, High School Student Jailed for Nearly Three Years Without Trial
350-Pound Woman Says She Is Obese Because She Doesn't Get Enough Of Taxpayer Money
Vast majority of iPhone 6 buyers are rich, white men
New dating app Luxy launched as "Tinder without the poor people"
Riders covered in blood after deer is decapitated by roller coaster
How bad are your classmates' politics?
Ashley Gabrielle Huff Jailed After US Police Confuse Spaghetti for Crystal Meth
2015: "No hijab, no voting"- Lagos Muslims insist
Your nose knows death is imminent
Case against Nike for lack of label warning pimps that beating johns with shoes is dangerous thrown out
Woman, police dispute spoon in meth case: Drug charge was dropped after lab tests. Woman claimed it was SpaghettiOs.
English Teacher Arrested For Totally Victimizing 16-Year-Male Student By Banging Him
Tokyo trader has $790b share orders cancelled after 'fat finger' error
Giants Tight End Benches Self, Loses Matchup
White House Tries To Keep Fence Jumpers At Bay With ... Another Fence
The Bidding For The 2022 Olympics Is A Disaster Because Everyone Figured Out That Hosting Is A Total Waste
White Lesbians File Lawsuit After Being Given Sperm From Black Donor
This Chinese student is renting out his girlfriend to make money for an iPhone 6
Jessica bị loại khỏi SNSD vì chuyện tình cảm
Egypt opens first solar-powered gas station
Univ. of New Mexico to host 'threesome' sex event for students
Hundreds poisoned by Contaminated Chicken at Food Safety Summit
2 white Ohio women sue over sperm from black donor
BYU Students Fight For The Right to Grow Beards
Black-eyed child returns to terrify a town more than thirty years after she was last seen
Congressman Suggests ADT For White House Security
Penn State the #1 college "for the kids"
UPS worker sells stolen $160,000 for $20 worth of weed
White Mother Sues Sperm Bank After Birth of Mixed-Race Daughter
Hands up! Drop that donut! Portland police chase and stop stolen Donut Land van
The Republicans In 'Republicans Are People Too' Ad Are All Stock Photos
Nude selfie celebs were 'dumb', EU commissioner says
Tetris Movie is Falling into Place
Woman Gets Drunk Off Fumes While Standing Over Wine Barrel, Falls In And Dies
Could this be the scariest bridge in the world? China builds glass bridge
Tour de France to be held in Thailand next year
Two female high school teachers, said to be friends, accused of having threesome with male student
Geraldton dive vessel sparks emergency response after being mistaken for asylum seeker boat
Lufthansa loses fight to require male pilots wear hats
Alec Baldwin to play bossy cartoon baby
One-armed driver refused disabled parking permit
Bomb-hunting Chinese security officials conduct anal probes on National Day pigeons
Jennifer Lopez's Kids Changed Her Mind On Booty
Burka-clad visitors to Parliament House to be made to sit in glass-enclosed galleries
Pluto is voted a planet again in recent poll
China gives 10,000 pigeons anal security checks.
White lesbian mother to sue sperm bank for giving her a black baby
Tony Abbott's Advisor recently claimed that the world was in danger of cooling, rather than warming, and has previously called evidence of climate change a "delusion" and a "religion." He is now wanting a government funded enquiry into 'warming bias'.
MAN ATTEMPTS TO ROB A PETROL STATION WITH A BOOMERANG, FAILS
Spongebob taught me sexual tolerance
Five people rescued from water following incident with 'intimidating' dolphin
Hundreds of chickens killed with golf club
Thailand confident over chances of hosting 2016 Tour de France
$600 billion accidentally traded on Japan market
White lesbian couple given black man's sperm by mistake: lawsuit
Former brothel to house asylum seekers
Fearing Same-Sex Marriage, Louisiana Church Kicks Out Alcoholics Anonymous Group
Larry Donnell lost in fantasy football because he sat himself
AR gun range declares itself a 'Muslim Free Zone' after 'Allah Akbar ring tone' freaks out owner
Woman sues sperm bank after getting pregnant by black donor
Don't trust Bureau of Meteorology, says Abbott's business advisor
Two white Ohio women sue over sperm from black donor
Gun range says it is a 'Muslim Free Zone' | www.krmg.com
Final Fantasy XV Director Encourages Fans To Make More Car Memes
Ohio Women Sue Over Sperm From Black Donor
Boston Herald: Sorry If We Offended With Obama-Watermelon Cartoon
Pluto Is a Planet Again, According to Harvard Astronomers
Pimp who sued Nike loses case claiming Air Jordans he used to stomp john needed warning label
Herald On Obama Watermelon Cartoon: 'Regret If We Offended Anyone'
Two Louisiana Teachers Accused of Having A Threesome With a Teenage Student
Two teachers involved in threesome with student
The former imam of the Oklahoma City mosque attended by beheading suspect Alton Nolen apologized this week to ISIS for previously criticizing the group
openly lesbian couple that got mixed baby sue sperm bank
'Nude leak' celebs threaten to sue Google for $100 million
Accidentally setting myself on fire helped me overcome my fear of living alone
Antrel Rolle attributes Prince Amukamara's breakout season to ... sex?
Elon Musk's 'D', whatever that is, lifts Tesla stock 4%
Tessa's Elon Musk is ready to show us the "D"
Arkansas shooting range declares itself a 'Muslim Free Zone'
Republicans' New Black Friend Is Either A Stock Photo Or Is Having A Very Interesting Day
Woman jailed after police mistake spaghetti hoops for crystal meth
Two Teachers Arrested for Having 'Threesome' with Student, 16
M'sia man, 76, climbs 9m-high coconut tree to avoid being nagged by wife
Charles Manson the musical opens in Hamburg, Germany
Browser Beware: Wi-Fi Users Sign Over First-Born Children
Elderly Pirates Fan Gets Lost, Winds Up in Giants Dugout
After raising $50M, Reddit forces all remote workers to relocate to SF
Tesla rises as Musk tweets about the 'D'
Mayor Nutter Signs Marijuana Decriminalization Bill
WOMAN, PARTNER SUE AFTER BEING INSEMINATED WITH BLACK DONOR'S SPERM
Netflix is the exclusive home for four new Adam Sandler movies
Arizona teacher fired after 25 years over defending student from racist bullying
Germany plans to make sending colleagues work emails after 6pm illegal
Jim Bakker Has a $550 Bucket of Beans For You
Tesla's Elon Musk is ready to show us the "D"
Snoop Dogg, Jared Leto become Reddit co-owners
Tesla Will Announce Something Called "The D" On October 9th
Burglar calls cops on himself because he was afraid of being bit by the K9 unit (x-post from r/cincinnati)
Fox News host asks Bush: Why didn't Obama call you for advice before bombing Iraq?
Four Arrested in golf club slaughter of 920 Chickens
Suspected Edgewood Burglar Calls 911 on Self After Fearing Bite from K9
The official page of the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II has a 'Show Your Support' page that asks visitors to 'Write a Testimonial' and 'Sign the Statement of Support.'
Woman sues employer after being refused paid maternity leave for adopting a puppy
The wearable BED: Futon-inspired outfit lets you fall asleep wherever you want
Watch: Hapless thief tries to steal from car parked outside training course for BOUNCERS
'Nude leak' celebs threaten to sue Google for $100 million - report
Sir Cliff Richard doll helps Norfolk couple feel safe.
Farmer forced to deny having sex with a goat after a calf is born on his farm with a human face.
Mother claims baby 'grew into full-grown man in seconds'.
Scalia compares himself to Frodo in originalism battle
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback to declare October as Zombie Preparedness Month
Antrel Rolle: Losing virginity helping Prince Amukamara on the field
Hacked celebs' lawyers threaten to sue Google
Akon Performed In A Bubble In Africa To Avoid Contracting Ebola
Experience: I've worn the same outfit as my husband for 35 years
Woman Says She Feels Completely Free When Acting Like a Horse
North Korea upgrades space center, officials say
Dead Boko Haram leader seen 'alive' in video
Anti-gay activists in Russia attacks LGBT culture festival with 'putrid gas',16 people hospitalised
Hundreds sickened by chicken at Food Safety Summit
Feds Wonder Why Fat Girls Can't Get Dates
Adam Sandler Signs An Exclusive 4-Movie Deal With Netflix Because 'It Rhymes With Wet Chicks'
Tesla Motors says it's "About time to unveil the D". Will be unveiling "the D" October 9th.
Two high school teachers accused of threesome with student - caught after he couldn't stop braaging
White Women Sue Over Black Sperm Donor Error
Scientists warn reading Fifty Shades of Grey can turn you into a binge drinker with multiple sex partners
'South Park' Thinks a Middle-Aged Man Can Pass for Lorde
Russia Stops Import of More Than 50 Tons of 'Counterfeit' U.S. Chicken Legs
Russians Return to Vodka as Beer Prices Rise
Woman Gives Birth to Lizard, Is Accused of Witchcraft
Russia accuses Ukraine of committing 'genocide of Russian speakers'
Teenage girl mutilated by rivals jealous of her beauty
Larry Donnell Lost In Fantasy Football Because He Didn't Start Himself
Arizona teacher fired for defending 9-year-old black student against racist bullies who called him N-word, 'crackhead'
The US is keeping nuclear weapons around for "planetary defense"
Two English Teachers Charged with Threeway with 16-Year Old Student
Prediksi Hull City vs Crystal Palace 4 Oktober 2014
Manhunt underway in Calif. after 920 chickens killed with golf clubs.
Alabama's Insane New Abortion Law Gives Fetuses Lawyers and Puts Teenage Girls on Trial
Oops: Booze Cruise Runs Aground Near Manhattan
op 7 Colleges "For The Kids" - #1 Penn State University
2014 League Of Legends Championship accidentally smashes world record for most single men in one place.
Tea Party group sends misleading election information to hundreds of North Carolina voters and one cat
White women sue sperm bank over black donor error
Woman sues sperm bank after racial mix-up
Adam Sandler teams up with Netflix...wait until you read why
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says Europe 'stealing Iran's rain'
Woman jailed for a month when police confuse SpaghettiOs with meth
Koch-Backed Group Charged with Suppressing Cat Vote in North Carolina
Newly-Declassified CIA Document Says Ben Franklin Was A Security Risk
Top 7 Colleges "For The Kids" - #1 Penn State University
Declassified CIA Document: Benjamin Franklin (Yes, That One) a Security Risk
Republican advert: Women voters are blushing brides
Your Baby Looks Like Your Ex-Shocking New Research Shows Previous Partners' Sperm May Lurk Inside You | Alternet
Secret Service Agent Allegedly Told Someone Obama's Movements to 'Impress a Woman'
2 teachers face charges for alleged threesome with teen student.
The French far right is being torn apart by cats and dogs
Charity Johnson, 34, arrested after posing as a 15-year-old schoolgirl
Good thing we reported on this or you would think there is a scare for the EBOLA VIRUS RIGHT HERE IN UTAH! More at 11
Epic wild-card rally sends Royals fan into labor.
35,000 Beached Walruses Still Can't Convince Conservatives On Climate Change
Celeb nude photo hack victims threaten to sue Google
Snoop Dogg is now a co-owner of Reddit
Tesla's Musk Channels Jobs Teasing Unveiling of 'the D'
Snoop Dogg Owns Reddit Now, Literally
Black Donor Sperm Mistakenly Sent to White Mom Jennifer Cramblett: Suit
Alabama's Abortion Law Puts Minors On Trial And Gives Their Fetuses A Lawyer | ThinkProgress
Ben Bernanke turned down for mortgage refinancing
PICTURED: Family of Ebola victim Thomas Duncan seen after ordered quarantined at Dallas home
Lawsuit: Black donor's sperm mistakenly sent to same-sex white couple.
Slipknot now also smells like shit
White Ohio woman sues over sperm from black donor
Kim Jong-un Fractured Both His Ankles From Wearing High Heels
You Know It's a Tough Market When Ben Bernanke Can't Refinance
Dubai police get Google Glass to go with their Lamborghinis
Islamist Terror Group Recruits Members With $50 And A Cell Phone, Study Finds
Jihadists swap gun photos for cuddly kittens on Twitter
Man Attacks 4 People With Spatula Outside Pizzeria, Police Say
Farrakhan claims Ebola invented to kill off blacks
Irish Swimmers Pestered by Unfriendly Dolphin
Bud Light's fictional 'Whatever USA' town delays people before they can leave
Google threatened with $100M lawsuit over nude celebrity photos
Stunned rollercoaster passengers showered in blood after ride hits and decapitates deer
Hockey player leaves practice nursing 'sore body part'. The training staff said it was something stiff, but cannot describe what i twas.
Amazon Prime adds racism disclaimer to "Tom and Jerry" cartoons
Same sex couple angered after sperm donor mistake leads to mixed race baby.
Microsoft angry as NFL announcers keep calling Surface 'iPad'
Violent video game prompts school lockdown
Air Canada Makes Public Declaration of No Violas in the Cabin
He's Feeling Nuts! Hugh Jackman grabs his crotch as he joins viral online challenge to raise testicular cancer awareness
Hugh Jackman takes part in Crotch Grab Challenge for testicular cancer awareness
New Alabama law gives fetus court appointed attorney
A Suspect kills nearly 1,000 Chickens with a Golf Club
'Tom and Jerry' Cartoons Slapped With Racist Warning.
The U.S. Is Saving Nukes So It Can Blow Up Asteroids
Council removes Banksy artwork after complaints of racism
Slipknot Festival to Officially Smell Like Poop
Tesla CEO Musk Announces Arrival of 'The D' Next Week
White Woman Sues Sperm Bank After Black Donor Error
Air Canada pilots warned over pornographic material hidden in flight deck
Police: Worker hid $1,200 worth of meat in pants
French far-right leader's Bengal cat mauled by father's dog
Russell Wilson: 'Truthfully, I used to beat people up a lot'
Man dies crossing street to Del. funeral home
Pigeon anuses searched for bombs before Chinese National Day
Why Ben Bernanke Can't Refinance His Mortgage
Germany To Consider Ban On Late-Night Work Emails
Woman Plants Potato in Her Own Vagina
Iceland Announces Men-Only UN Meeting on Women
California Finally Recognizes That Crack and Cocaine Are the Same Thing
German minister calls for 'anti-stress law'
Portage Democrat John Fisher denounces Republican mailer directing calls to his ailing mother
Slipknot's music festival will have an official aroma of burning camel dung
'Netflix rhymes with wet chicks,' so Adam Sandler will star in and produce four films for the streaming service
Mich. GOP mailer asks Obamacare haters to call Dem's 91-year-old mom in hospice care
Hidden Bra Cam Exposes Stolen Glances, Promotes Breast Cancer Awareness
Drug defendant brings marijuana to Fort Lee court hearing, Port Authority says
Testicular cancer survivor quit job and sold his home to roll giant ball across America
Michigan GOP mailer encouraged supporters to harass Democrat's 91-year-old mother Read more: http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2014/10/02/Michigan-GOP-mailer-encouraged-supporters-to-harass-Democrats-91-year-old-mother/8481412278073/#ixzz3F38v0pfa
Michigan GOP mailer encouraged supporters to harass Democrat's 91-year-old mother
Alien corpse turns out to be a female mummified Baboon
Two female Louisiana teachers accused of group sex with boy
Alabama's Abortion Law Puts Minors On Trial And Gives Their Fetuses A Lawyer
Ohio woman sues sperm bank after racial mix-up
Rapper Akon Performs In Bubble To Avoid Ebola In Africa
76 of 79 Deceased NFL Players Found to Have Brain Disease
The IOC Demands That Helped Push Norway Out of Winter Olympic Bidding Are Hilarious
NBC News cameraman diagnosed with Ebola and station's chief medical correspondent put in quarantine: News team flown back to U.S. from Liberia in new deadly virus scare
Subway Ad Reminds Women To Stay Skinny for Sexy Halloween Costumes
White Woman Who Sued Sperm Bank Over Black Baby Says It's Not About Race
Three year old locked up in police cell
Woman Steals Ex-Boyfriend's Sperm, Has Twins, Sues For Child Support...and WINS!
Arizona teacher fired for defending 9-year-old against racist bullies who called him N-word, 'crackhead': family
The 'Nipple Meridian' Is the Latest Body Ideal to Freak Out Over
Quadriplegic Texas Woman Defies Odds, Walks and Becomes Pregnant
The GOP's war on wedding dresses is a last-ditch effort of the delusional loser women already dumped
Online video gamers arrested for cheating
Samsung Uses Robots Shaped Like Butts To Bend-Test Its Phones
Former Federal Reserve Chair Ben Bernanke Can't Refinance His Home
Charles Manson: Summer of Hate - Das Musical
Charles Manson Musical Opens in Germany
'Republicans Are People Too' ads may not include any actual Republicans
Okra mistaken for pot in man's garden
Roots grow out of vagina after woman uses potato as contraceptive.
Woman Uses Potato as Contraceptive, Grows Roots Inside Her Vagina
'Men-only' conference on gender equality to invite women after all
Caffeinated Underwear Won't Help you Lose Weight, US Government Conforms
Exclusive: Facebook plots first steps into healthcare
Farmer denies any wrongdoing after goat born with human face
Escaped Crabs Delay US Airways Flight
Artist convinces people to sell their private data for a cookie
Air Canada Pilots Warned To Stop Sneaking Porn Into The Cockpit, Because Seriously?
Air Canada porn: pilots warned to stop sneaking material into the cockpit
NBC Reimagining 'Peter Pan' as Contemporary Workplace Sitcom
Joe Biden: 'Isn't that a bi---?'
White woman sues sperm bank for sending her black donor's sperm
Turkish President Erdogan tells conference: 'I am increasingly against the internet every day'
Turkey's Erdoğan Says He Is 'Increasingly Against the Internet Every Day'
Tesla Motors Just Invited Press To Come Look At Its New D
Selling kidneys to buy drones: the economy according to Google autocomplete
Fact or Fiction?: A Clove of Garlic Can Stop a Vaginal Yeast Infection
Scientists create 'invisibility' and Tetris the Movie
Has 'chumming' become the new 'sexting'?
NBC Developing a Workplace Romantic Comedy Inspired by Peter Pan
White lesbian mum has mixed-race baby after sperm bank 'error'
'Sovereign citizen' tells traffic court he doesn't exist: 'My mom never gave birth to me'
White woman sues sperm bank after she mistakenly gets black donor's sperm
USA NBA Custom Oklahoma City Thunder Jerseys Outlet Sale At CustomJerseysOutlet.com
Call of Duty Director Says U.S. Should Station Soldiers in Schools - Businessweek
Humans do NOT come from Earth - and sunburn, bad backs and pain during labour prove it, expert claims
Biden blames US allies in Middle East for rise of ISIS
Call of Duty Director Says U.S. Should Station Soldiers in Schools
New York man who allegedly hid $1,200 of meat in pants due in court
Japan develops robot CHEERLEADERS which RIDE on BALLS
Target of FBI bribery probe successfully bribes FBI agent
A Donor by Any Other Number...
Ukraine: Darth Vaders run for parliament
Japanese zoo ends hyena breeding programme after 4 years on discovering both animals were male
Locals Want to Pull Plug on Bar They Say Attracts Online Daters
Texas groom gives new wife his brain in a jar as a wedding gift
In 1967, a 48-hour ceasefire was declared in Nigeria so that Federal and Rebel troops could watch Pele play on a visit to the war-torn nation.
JOE BIDEN: Being Vice President Is 'A Bitch'
Taco John's called me a gaytard
Two Louisiana high school teachers are arrested for having a Threesome with an underage Student
Italian Man Wins Cow Milking World Championship, Amid Scandal
EXCLUSIVE: Ex-CNN editor who claimed to have been fired because he's gay, wore bright track suits settles suit
How the NRA is making the Ebola crisis worse
Poop Jokes Could Save California from Drought
Japanese zoo abandons bid to mate hyena 'couple' as both male
Virgin America plane makes emergency landing after man masturbates, tries to exit plane mid-flight
Judge Tells Bethenny Frankel To Stop Wearing Her Daughter's Pajamas
Appeals panel to weigh personhood for chimpanzee
Some Blacks See Secret Service as Flawed Shield for the President
US military can learn from game marketing, says ex-Call Of Duty director
Father goes crazy because big piece of chicken was eaten
Hackers Have Found A Flaw In Macs And Are Using It To Control 17,000 Apple Computers ... Via Reddit
Only VIP Kickstarter Enthusiasts Can Join This New Exclusive 'Backer Club'
Transgender woman wants surgery to become a man (again).
Seattle pot shop turns immigrant's American dream into reality
Ben Bernanke applies to refinance his mortgage, gets denied
Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Eric Stonestreet bust into bedroom at Kansas State frat house - hilarity ensues
Fear that Syrian Hampster discarded in bin was 'Racially Motivated'
Couple Enjoys Regular Threesomes With Sex Dolls, And It Only Cost $32,000
MSNBC "You know who's to blame for this whole Ebola mess? The NRA"
This Guy Has A Mission To Get To Know Each And Every One Of His Facebook Friends. All 1,088 Of Them.
920 chickens massacred with golf club in Fresno County
Cops Can't Collar Raccoon "Walking Around Like A Regular Person"
Teen obsessed with TV serial killer Dexter jailed for murdering and dismembering girlfriend
Samsung Makes Butt Robot With Mom Jeans To Prove Its Phones Don't Bend
Bosnian Woman Claims She Can Cure Eye Problems by Licking People's Eyeballs
Cow missing for two months turns up alive on island with surprise companion
Oops! Cops raid Georgia man's home after mistaking okra for weed
Elon Musk is ready to show us his 'D'
Female head of Spanish business group 'avoids hiring women aged 25-45'
Ben Bernake is having trouble refinancing his mortgage
Woman who used a potato as a contraceptive is hospitalised after it began to grow roots
Women Getting Calf Reduction Surgery to Rid 'Boot Bulge' Is a Real Thing That's Happening
Biden Jokes That Being VP Is "a Bitch"
White Mom's Lawsuit Over Black Baby Exposes Ugly Truths About White Privilege
Columbian Woman Puts A Potato In Her Vagina To Prevent Pregnancy, Ends Up Growing It Inside Of Her
California Has Finally Recognized That Crack and Cocaine Are the Same Thing
Japanese Zoo Abandons Bid to Mate Hyena 'Couple' as Both Were Male
920 CHICKENS MASSACRED WITH GOLF CLUB.
College president offers to pay for students' books in Madden tournament
Jerry Seinfeld Mocks Advertising While Accepting CLIO Advertising Award
Woman named Isis wants media to stop using ISIS
Student Scores Threesome With Two Female High School Teachers
NoPhone, the device for phone lovers that's not a phone
Teens accused of killing more than 900 chickens with a golf club
Ben Bernanke Couldn't Refinance His Mortgage
Joe Biden At Harvard: Being Vice President Is 'A B@#$%!'
Man caught with stolen bouncy castle, after inflating it outside home.
The upside of Ebola in Dallas
Wisconsin Man Wielding Sword Menaces Cub Scouts Selling Popcorn Door-To-Door
Lacking Beard Jesus found in Spain
St. Francis Prep teacher accused of sexually abusing high school student
Former Islamic State Fighter: Recruits Assigned to Suicide Squads 'Because They Were Useless'
'Beardless Jesus' found in Spain
Antonin Scalia Says Constitution Permits Court To 'Favor Religion Over Non-Religion'
World hand-milking champion hounded by doping allegations
Hackers are using Reddit to control 17,000 Apple computers
The Man Who Smuggles Trader Joes into Canada
Woman Used A Potato For Contraception And It Grew Roots In Her Vagina
Woman grows roots out of her vagina because she used a potato as contraception.
Woman accused of filing fake $94 million tax return
Zoo abandons hyena breeding programme after realising they have spent four years trying to get two MALES to mate
comments Beaverton police take hamster into 'protective custody' after owner is accused of DUII
California thief dubbed 'El Mustachio the Magician' caught after mustache beer glass offered as reward
Upper Norwood circumcision fetishist jailed for asking schoolboys to show him their private parts
Sheriff: woman accused of burglarizing cars said she was looking for members of ISIS
Zoo realises it has been trying to mate two male hyenas for four years
Woman Gets Third Breast Implant So Men Wouldn't Find Her Attractive
Immigration officer who took cash, egg rolls gets 2.5 years
Call of Duty Director: US Troops Should Occupy Public Schools
Ryan Adams finally covered Bryan Adams
NYC neighborhood panics over introduction of sidewalk drinking and 'Internet dating people'
Klayman files for deportation of Barack Obama
Commerce woman, police dispute spoon in meth case Drug charge was dropped after lab tests; woman claimed it was SpaghettiOs
Red Wings get stuck in Toronto traffic, late for tilt with Leafs
China Is Searching Pigeon Anuses For Bombs
Charlie Sheen Sued For Sexual Battery After Visit to Dentist's Office Goes Wrong
Inmates inside deputy costumes at fair raise concerns
Justin Timberlake misses own after-party due to Sydney lockout laws
Crabs on the loose delay Charlotte-bound plane
'Thug Kitchen' Is The Latest Iteration of Digital Blackface
Naked Man Loses Hands, Feet In Detroit Dog Pack Attack
The Controversial Artist Who Makes "Invisible Art" Turns Out to Be a Hoax
Johnny Manziel Offers to Help Jameis Winston
Man begins Kickstarter campaign to keep Nickelback from playing gigs in London
Detroit Zoo to care for 1,007 turtles confiscated at Detroit Metro Airport
Akon crowd surfs in bubble during African concert; fans accuse rapper of using giant hamster ball to avoid Ebola
Police: Man With Bandages on Face, Arm in Sling Robs Chase Bank in Setauket
Man posing as Congressman cons Secret Service backstage at Obama speech
Liberian Preacher Says He's Come Up With a Cure For Ebola: Prayer, Exorcism, and an Obscure Soft Drink (x-post /r/conspiratard)
'I'll fight off Ebola with bottles of Vimto' - Liberian exorcist reveals secret weapon against deadly virus
Bernanke may have tried to save $300 a month in failed refi
Celebrity victims of naked photo hack join together to sue Google for $100,000,000
Was the white tiger saving the man it killed in Delhi zoo?
Emerson College: We Have No Legal Duty To Protect Students From Rape
Belgian teen drops 37,000 Euros on free-to-play game
They can't do that!
Narendra Modi was speaking in code when he visited America. Here's what he was really saying to his Hindu nationalist base
Teacher's Plastic Sword On 'Talk Like A Pirate Day' Caused FOUR-SCHOOL LOCKDOWN
Man poos on floor of Hull council office after claiming he is picked on for being a dwarf.
Lawyer Who Beat the NSA Files Obama 'Deportation Petition'
Bethenny Frankel Reprimanded in Court for Wearing Daughter's PJs
Grocery worker hid $1,200 worth of meat in pants, police say
Akon accused of extreme lengths to avoid Ebola after 'bubble' crowd surfing
Former Google employees develop search engine for pornography
The marooned baboon: Africa's loneliest monkey
Taliban tweet appears to locate spokesman: the tweet by Zabihullah Mujahid, which was claiming an attack, included geolocation information that suggested he sent the message from Sindh, Pakistan
CRIME LOG: Angry woman allegedly throws coffee in fiancee's face.
Joe Biden explains how Ebola is like ISIS
Stevie Wonder Is Not Blind: The Truthers' Case
After weeks of student protests, Colorado school board gives a little ground on 'positive' history curriculum
Open carry group's message for Creighton Court neighbors who don't want them there
Former Fed Boss Ben Bernanke Denied Mortgage Refinance
Meet The Brilliant 12-Year-Old Hacker Who Breached The Bud Light Website's Impregnable Age Verification Firewall
Courtney Love Is Now an Opera Singer
Woman struck by car after dog was run over
Rapper Lil Boosie: "African-Americans are the worst race in the world"
MSNBC finds way to blame NRA for Ebola crisis
community plans forum to help young black men learn better what to do when police stop them.
US Should Consider Putting Plainclothes Soldiers in Schools, Call of Duty Director Says
NFL players banned from wearing Beats headphones on camera
Biden Overstates Deaths in Joplin, Missouri Tornado By 160,839
Biohazard Forced To Write About Only Specific Parts of Brooklyn
Two teachers arrested for group sex with a 16 year old student.
Drunk driver leads officers on chase and crashes into another drunk driver before rolling his own vehicle on top of himself.
Conservatives Now Blaming President Obama For Ebola Case In Texas
Dallas Newspaper Picks the Wrong Week for its "Taste of Africa Comes to Dallas!" Cover
Ebola Victim Rises From The Dead In Africa; Fear Of Zombie Apocalypse
Woman Who Looks Nothing Like Alison Krauss Impersonates Her
Teen obsessed with the show 'Dexter' kills and dismembers 17 year old girlfriend
Coast Guard rescues man in Atlantic Ocean trying to "run" to Bermuda in an inflatable bubble
Vatican raise of consent from 12 to 18
Vatican raises age of consent from 12 to 18
Loosen Up When It Comes to Your Child's Constipation
Washington Post turns back time for MLB postseason (used photo from 2012)
Woman arrested after police confuse SpaghettiOs with meth
Man kills friend for poking girlfriend on Facebook
Man sentenced to four years after killing friend who 'poked' his girlfriend on Facebook
Obituary: Boy electrocuted by fence at Lincoln High School loved sports
US Ebola patient Ashoka Mukpo once hailed as reincarnated lama
Microsoft teaches Cortana to speak Klingon
Three arrested after accidentally texting drug offer to cop
Louisiana church kicks out Alcoholics Anonymous group for fear of gay weddings
Bearotica: Why the 1976 novel 'Bear' is actually a good read
Akon Crowd-Surfs in Giant Bubble at Concert in Africa, Spurring Rumors That He Was Avoiding Contracting Ebola
Man Floating in Bubble Rescued by Coast Guard
USPS worker allegedly drove truck into person while laughing hysterically
Drake passes The Beatles for most Top 100 singles
Police: postal worker laughs while striking pedestrian
Feral pig pinches multiple six-packs of beer and runs riot at Pilbara camp sites
The Definitive Ranking Of The 50 States
Reddit group teaches army of 'holy soldiers' to rape 'harlots' who need 'corrective discipline'
High School quarterback switches teams at the half
Johnny Manziel to offer sage wisdom to Jameis Winston
Two high school teachers arrested for having a threesome with a student after he wouldn't stop bragging about it.
Secret Service Director Wants Organization To Be More Open And Inviting. "Like Disney World."
Coast Guard rescues man running across ocean in bubble.
Coast Guard rescues man attempting to 'run' to Bermuda in inflatable hydro-bubble
Eight more lives left: Cat saved with blood transfusion from dog
2 Teachers Caught Having Threesomes With 16 Year Old Student After Kid Was Bragging To His Friends
US keeping nuclear warheads in case of killer asteroids
Malaysia's rubber glove industry could see profits in the Ebola outbreak
Frenchman wins legal right to marry his ex-stepmother - Telegraph
Air Canada to Allow Violas Onboard Following Social Media Furor
Applebee's Customer Mikie Sawyer Punches 80-year-old Who Complained About Cursing
Man running in inflatable bubble rescued off coast of Florida, "said he was running to Bermuda"
Face of Spanish monkey Jesus appears in Japanese roll cake
There's a Proposal in the Works to Rename Beach After U.S. President Who Has Bodysurfed There
Popular Oahu beach could soon be named after President Obama
Vatican City raises age of consent from 12 to 18 following scandals
Prince Charles To Divorce Camilla Parker-Bowles After Barbra Streisand Affair Revelation
Man Shoots Down Drone, Lawyers Scratch Their Heads
Man killed after after colliding with an emu.
Putin Brings Back Serfdom
Motorbike rider dies after crashing into emu
Two women have been sentenced to five years prison for running a brothel out of a Phnom Penh coffee shop.
Biden On Vice President: It's 'A Bitch'
Cannabis farming in California using so much water it could wipe out salmon population, biologists warn [x-Post /r/worldnews]
Four injured when scaffolding collapsed at safety fair
Scientists ready to test lab-grown penises on men
Man in floating bubble rescued in Atlantic Ocean
Pregnant cow "moving on" after getting head stuck in wall
US newspaper asks "leading astrologers" to predict the future for Chelsea Clinton's daughter
Endurance runner rescued trying to reach Bermuda from US in bubble
Flight delayed due to escaped crabs
OMG!! With nothing but MACHINE TOOLS, STEEL and PARTS you can make a GUN!!
Man Rescued After Trying To Zorb To Bermuda
US Airways officials: flight was delayed due to escaped crabs on board
This needle-coated capsule could replace injections
100-year-old Woman Raped; Police Seek Suspect
Woman declared dead by Social Security is very much alive
Adventurer attempting to run 1,033 miles from Florida to Bermuda in a giant inflatable bubble is rescued by the Coast Guard
Frenchman allowed to wed stepmother
Putin Among The Surprises On Nobel Peace Prize List
Man running in inflatable bubble rescued off coast of Florida
A white woman was accidentally impregnated with a black donor's sperm. Now she's suing.
Timothy Kane: Priest Confesses To Stealing Money From Church For His Inmate Lover
Bolton Council forces car wash to change 'best hand job in Bolton' sign
Chainsaw-tossing thieves in high speed police chase
Italian Man Wins Cow Milking World Championship
Michael Brown protesters interrupt St. Louis Symphony Orchestra concert
Least useful hack ever puts Windows 95 on your smartwatch
13-year old killed after goat falls from roof of building in Turkey
Horstrich Comics: Scottish Referendum Fallout
Man kills friend for "poking" his girlfriend on Facebook
Salmon people pray for sacred fish to return to historic home
Man with Ebola wakes from the dead
World porridge champion hails his spurtle
Canada Mosque Teaches 4-year-old how to Behead
Make your smartwatch even less useful by installing Windows 95
Sleepwalking man attacks girlfriend in front of police...then goes back to bed.
CDC chief warns travel ban could make Ebola crisis worse
Man who escaped car crash hit and killed by wife rushing to rescue him
Woman Jailed After Cops Mistake SpaghettiOs for Meth
Moment jumping spider that has menaced a family for five years leaps out of its hole to catch a fake fly
Lesbian Couple Sues Sperm Bank For Providing Wrong Donor's Sperm | The mistake became particularly apparent when Cramblett gave birth to a biracial girl, even though Cramblett and Zinkon are both white and had selected a white donor.
American Kid Wins Canadian Poutine-Eating Championship
Woman marries herself after getting fed up with being single
Boehner rakes in cash for openly gay Republican candidate
NFL bans players from wearing Beats by Dre
Dog named 'Lazarus' survives euthanasia attempt
Even Al Qaeda Tried To Free Alan Henning
NC diner owner 'turns pricing over to God,' lets customers pay what they think meal is worth
San Francisco: Woman steals man's wheelchair and rides away
Western media says Hong Kong protests are "clean and orderly." Is that racist?
Seattle School Board Votes To Replace Columbus Day With 'Indigenous Peoples' Day'
Dream Within A Dream
Mom Burglarizes Cars At School, Claims She's Looking For ISIS
Woman arrested for burglaries: "I was looking for ISIS members"
Ferguson resident: "There's going to be hell to pay" if businesses don't rebuild
Drones Banned From Hot Air Balloon Fiesta
Woman Grows Potato in Vagina as Contraception
Lab-grown penises ready for testing on men
Swallowing this needle-studded pill could be good for you
Beats claims NFL players' DNA affected by headphone ban
Facebook: We're still experimenting on users, but now it's less creepy
Low Fare? The £23.7bn Cost Of Return Flight
CNN's Front Page Breaking News: The underwater search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has resumed
Music fan launches campaign to stop Nickelback coming to London
Red Bull to Pay $13 Million for False Advertising Settlement - Red Bull does not, in fact, give you wings.
124-year-old gets 10-year jail for raping Class IX student
Classmates gather to dig up time capsule, can't find it
WWII veteran given Viking funeral; Coast Guard agreed to Norse send-off
Colombian woman ends up in hospital after using potato as contraception
Fly Babies Inherit Traits From Semen of Mom's Past Lovers - D-brief
P.K. Subban Admits To Farting In Front Of Net To Distract Goaltenders
ISIS smitten with 'Blonde Tattooed Girl from Texas'
NFL mascot jokes that Steelers' 'Terrible Towels' carry Ebola
ABQ man accused of embezzling more than $33,000 from beef jerky company
'I moved to live under ISIS to keep my son from sex, crime, drink and drugs': Muslim mother claims she ran away TO terror group's stronghold to start a 'better life'
Man jailed after killing pal who 'poked' his girlfriend on Facebook
Brisbane Chef killed himself after murdering Girlfriend and then cooking parts of her body
Top Gear crew 'chased by thousands and ordered out of country'
Anal security check for 10,000 pigeons in China
'Pro-Life' Sociopath Todd Kincannon Has Simple Solution For Ebola: Execute All Patients
Keeper not to blame after 22-0 defeat
Conmen used Monopoly money to buy rings and necklace worth €6 million
Central Colombia woman grows potato in vagina in ill-advised contraception attempt
Atlanta rappers lose freestyle battle to woman, set her on fire
Man Spends Two Years Covering Every Inch of His House with Seashells
Girl mistaken for skunk at Halloween party is shot by relative
RNC Chairman Reince Priebus Flips Out and Blames President Obama For Ebola
Lawsuit: TSA Agents Unscrewed Urn, Spilled Deceased Mother's Ashes In Cleveland Man's Suitcase
Principal in hot water after making sexy slasher films
Man pooed on council office floor in protest at 'dwarf discrimination'
Disillusioned British jihadists stuck in Turkey because they are too scared to come back to UK
Man who prompted bestiality law charged again
Deadly Motorcycle Accident Turns Even Worse
83,000 people booed Prime Minister Tony Abbott at last night's NRL Grand Final
Pope stars in gay Bel Ami porn film
Beer Thieving Pig Gets Drunk and Starts Fight With Cow : News : Nature World News
Experts warm that cats are actually stressed by petting
Why Sonic Needs To Slow Down
Coast Guard rescues man trying to run to Bermuda in inflatable bubble
Doug Ford gets booed for referencing the Jewish people in his life
One explanation for Kim Jong Un's weight gain was the leader's addiction to Swiss cheese.
Doug Ford booed for reference to Jewish lawyer, accountant, dentist
Friend of accused Boston bomber was too stoned to lie, lawyer says.
Celtic footballer to stand trial over alleged Elvis impersonator assault
Man, 27, charged with statutory rape after police identify him by a tattoo of his ex-girlfriend's name on his genitals
Albuquerque man accused of embezzling more than $33,000 from beef jerky company
Senator calls for tougher regs on counterfeit prom dresses
St. Paul man charged with dumping nails down toilets
Dexter-Obsessed Teen Dismembers Girlfriend
Balloon stolen at Albuquerque Balloon Fest
An open and intelligent debate on whether the 9/11 attacks actually happened or not
'We fit' slogan lorry gets stuck under bridge
Jealous lover jailed after punching friend to death because he had poked his girlfriend... on FACEBOOK
MSNBC: The NRA made 'the Ebola crisis worse'
Woman dressed as Ninja Turtle robs motel
Dutch historians discover medieval doodles among 1000-year-old manuscripts
Heavily armed drug cops raid retiree's garden, seize okra plants
Man escapes car crash only to be run over and killed by his wife coming to help http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/man-escapes-car-crash-only-4382734#
Man escapes car crash only to be run over and killed by his wife coming to help
'Suspicious item' that shut down Route 287 was suitcase with stuffed animals, trash
Woman protests the abuse of her 'little girl' named Snow, the chicken
Army Supports Honoring Russia's 'Polite Men' Who Annexed Crimea
Dwarf pooed on council office floor as part of bizarre discrimination protest
Buckingham Palace: Teeming With Tinder Hookups
Latest Research Has Found That Cats Hate Being Stroked
Lab-grown penises are on the horizon, scientists say
All-Female Colleges Adopt New Policies To Enroll Male Transgender Students
Mule jumping: The county fair tradition you didn't know you loved
Request for pen escalates into stabbing at restaurant
Michelle Obama Won't Campaign For Democrats Because She's Mad Over Letter About Potatoes
Adrian Peterson May Have Used Charity Money To Fund An All-Night Orgy
Report: Minnesota Vikings RB Adrian Peterson funded orgy for underage brother with charity money
Report: Teacher has wife phone in bomb threat to get him out of staff meeting
Man charged with flushing nails in Eagan toilets
Ceasefire offers hope to Russian candy factory owned by Ukraine leader
Zoo tries to breed hyena pair for four years; Turns out both are male.
I Tried Online Dating And No One Even Messaged Me Back
IT HAPPENED TO ME: I TRIED ONLINE DATING AND NO ONE EVEN MESSAGED ME BACK
BrokeinLondon.com, a guide to "surviving on the cheap in London", advertising 4 month unpaid internship
Okra - not even once.
Woman In China Is Born With Backwards Feet. Not Sure On Her Dancing Skills, But Apparently, She's A Helluva Waitress
Salah Salahadyn, Universal Knowledge Allah Accused Of Stealing $5M Stradivarius
Feds spend $500,000 to study why obese girls can't find dates.
'I want my bubble back,' says man rescued by Coast Guard
Lawsuit: State trooper preached about Jesus during traffic stop.
Breast implant shortage in Venezuela delays surgeries
Battle Rapper Daylyt Tried To Poop On Stage
Jacksonville Jaguars Mascot Jokes 'Terrible Towels' Carry Ebola
Man says he's not a real person so he doesn't need a driver's license
Man bitten by tiger near Jupiter, firefighters say
Family furious after special-needs student featured in 'Most Likely to Disappear' yearbook category
Adrian Peterson Used Charity Money to Fund Orgy With 4 Women
OKC Panhandler Confronted After Being Seen Driving New Car
Athlete who spent a year training for gruelling 140-mile triathlon missed it on the day because he overslept
Minnesota RB Adrian Peterson funded an orgy for his brother using charity money
Australian Chef Kills And Cooks Girlfriend
Coalition drone catches ISIS member in a compromising position with a donkey
State trooper pulls over driver, asks if she's accepted Jesus as her lord and savior, asks if she admits she's a dinner, then hands out church pamphlet and walks away.
Woman dressed as Ninja Turtle robs motel | KSL.com
Boy left in car during church choir practice dies.
Lawsuit: State trooper preached during traffic stop
Minnesota Vikings RB Adrian Peterson funded orgy for underage brother with charity money
Angry beaver delays traffic, roams around Miramichi
Florida man wears 'f--- the police' shirt to court - and wins the case
Report: Adrian Peterson funded orgy for underage brother with charity money
NFL to ensure that all players' Beats remain off camera
Rush Limbaugh: Obama wants Americans to Get Ebola as Payback for Slavery
Liberalism is a Virus too!
Indiana trooper pulled over woman to ask if she'd accepted Jesus Christ as her savior: lawsuit
Wake up, America. Liberalism is a virus, too
Hurley woman arrested for burglaries: "I was looking for ISIS members"
Mother advised daughter to use a potato as contraceptive
Self-proclaimed "unconsciously insensitive" couple sues Ohio sperm bank for receiving sperm from black donor
Teacher who tried to have sex with 10-year-old got child's name tattooed on her chest, court hears
Okra in garden mistaken for marijuana, leads to police raid in Georgia
Jacksonville Jaguars mascot criticized for Ebola joke at game
Jets fans not happy with their team
Utah politicians continue to be an embarrassment. "Pairage"
Utah legislators may rewrite state law on gay marriage
British man kills friend after he pokes girlfriend on Facebook
Man Jailed after Killing Friend for Poking His Girlfriend on Facebook
Man Survives Crash, Is Killed When Wife Comes to Help
Swing sets too dangerous for Richland schools
To Save the Planet, Don't Plant Trees
Man who survived van crash dies after wife loses control of car, strikes him
Algerian football referee fired for denouncing match fixing
Government Set Up A Fake Facebook Page In This Woman's Name
Royal Staff's Use of Tinder and Grindr Has Queen Elizabeth II "Deeply Concerned" by the Number of Overnight Guests
American wins world poutine eating championship, Canadians heartbroken
Beatings By Dr. Dre A list of girls Dr. Dre beat up
This bloke launched a crowdfunding campaign on Tilt to ban Nickelback in London
Man charged with molesting vending machine
Man who spent a year training for gruelling 140-mile triathlon missed it on the day because he overslept (x-post /r/cringe)
Brian Orakpo: 'It sucks I only have half a sack'
Russia Cancels Exchange Program After a Student Seeks U.S. Asylum
Teen 'Sexting' Often Precedes Actual Sex, Study Finds
Two Students Break Into Fraternity House, Steal Natural Light
Indigenous People's Day replaces Columbus Day in Seattle
Massachusetts Police Find Plethora of Drugs Inside of Woman's Fake Butt
Adrian Peterson charity paid for orgy
Willie Nelson's braids sell for $37,000 at auction of items owned by late Waylon Jennings
Scientists Want To Test Lab-Grown Penises In Humans
The penises grown in a lab: Scientists say organs could be tested on humans within five years
Lab-grown penises may soon be 'ready for testing' on humans
B.C. Pastafarian officially loses driver's licence over holy colander
Car burglar claims she was looking for members of ISIS
Samsung Invents Ass-Robot to Prove Phone Won't Bend
L.A. Lakers controversy! Jeremy Lin refuses to call Nick Young 'Swaggy P'
Ebola sign puts Jacksonville Jaguars mascot in trouble
Cops Arrest Woman After Drugs Fall Out of Her Prosthetic Butt
Panel beater had about 60 bongs, 40 stubbies before shooting intruder dead, court told
Fire truck catches fire en-route to Silver Spring, MD building fire
Visually Impaired Learn How To Shoot
CNN asks if Ebola is 'the ISIS of biological agents'
Vancouver Pastafarian officially loses driver's license over holy colander
Pentagon program delivered Humvee, rifle and kayak to Arkansas coroner
Police Search For Man Accused Of Touching Woman's Toes In Parking Lot
New Study Says Couples Who Meet Online May Be More Likely To Break Up
Man kills friend who poked his girlfriend on Facebook
Cops Mistake Okra For Marijuana, Send The Big Guns To Man's House
Chinese poet faces jail for possession of umbrella
Child thinks heroin is candy, shares at day care
Putin's Birthday Present is a Hercules-Themed Art Show About How Manly and Amazing He Is
Ebola killing robot developed in Texas.
Adrian Peterson funded orgy for underage brother with charity money (x-post from /r/fantasyfootball)
Battle Rapper Daylyt tries to take dump on stage
Taylor Swift Reveals Her Hair Is A 'Big Theme' For New Album
Nappy-like condom is the STI solution nobody wanted.
Battle rapper Daylyt tried to take a dump on stage
Plastic sword is plastic
Court Charges 19-yr Old Chicago Man With A Plan To Travel To Syria And Join ISIS
A Restaurant in England Is Serving This Breakfast That Contains 8,000 Calories
US airstrikes over Syria kills French intelligence officer who joined Al-Qaeda
4-year-old brings heroin to Sussex day care
Sword removed in counter-terrorism raids a common plastic decoration, owner reveals
The 12 labours of Putin
Akon accused of trying to avoid catching Ebola at gig by performing inside giant bubble
Downtown Silver Spring building catches fire; responding fire truck does, too
Facebook plotting possible move into health care
Italian town fined €650 for 'noisy waterfall'
Lông nách phụ nữ rậm rạp có phải là nguyên nhân gây mùi hôi nách?
Halfords 'We Fit' lorry gets stuck under bridge
Delaware mother charged after 4-year-old brings heroin to daycare
Trevor Knight has not called Katy Perry
Lab-grown penises developed by scientists now ready for human testing
Adrian Peterson's Charity Paid for Orgy
Man 'shot' by Dog.
Man who survives roll over is killed by wife who comes to pick him up.
No charges for officers in botched drug raid that disfigured toddler
Fire truck responding to Md. fire catches on fire
Religious, Conservative States Search More for Sex
Doctors find potato growing inside Colombian woman, apparently used as a contraceptive
Company to sell and deliver inflight meals to German customers at home.
Neighbors Of Ebola Patient Feel 'Discriminated Against'
Ugandan orphans denied UK entry without parental consent
Taliban fighter accidentally reveals his location on Twitter
7th Heaven dad admits to child molestation
Detroit man wants to sell house for new iPhone 6
Man offers to trade Detroit home for new iPhone 6 or iPad
Police: 4-year-old took heroin to day care
Radioactivity in Norway's reindeers hits high
Mother charged after child brings over 200 bags of heroin to daycare
Nicki Minaj 's Fake Butt Explodes On Stage!
GA police conduct drug raid on homeowner growing.....Okra
Man Wearing "Fuck the Police" Shirt Denied 5th Amendment Rights, Wins Trial Anyway
Japan student suspected of trying to join ISIS
Girl, 4, takes heroin to day care, passes it out as candy
Addictive and probably carcinogenic: scientist reveals dangers of Daily Mail
'7th Heaven' pastor-dad Stephen Collins admits to molesting underage girl, exposing himself to 2 others
Potato found growing inside woman after being used as contraceptive
The CEO Of Reddit Explains Why He Fired A Reddit Employee On Reddit
'7th Heaven' Dad Stephen Collins - Confesses on Tape to Child Molestation ... NYPD Investigating
Schoolboy killed after sacrificial goat jumps off building and falls onto his head
Man eats raw fish from fish tank while assaulting ex-girlfriend
Adrian Peterson: Report alleges use of charity funds for hotel-room orgy
Tip-dependent waitresses endure sexual harassment
A Man Says Comcast Called His Boss And Got Him Fired After He Complained About Its Service
Jesse Jackson in Dallas to address Ebola scare
Traffic cops offered cash to turn down bribes.
MOM ARRESTED AFTER 4-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER BRINGS 249 BAGS OF HEROIN TO DAYCARE
Girl, who was caught with 249 bags of heroin in her backpack, thought it was candy.
Women claims man raped her because he didn't give her $20 and she missed curfew. He was jailed with a $1.2 million bail
Woman marries herself after hearing Björk song
Woman gets fed up with being single - and marries herself
Cannabis as addictive as heroin, major new study finds
Before being sacrificed, goat kills 13-year-old boy in Turkey
Hampshire Neknominate man swallowed frog and lizard
Adrian Peterson Blames Media For Reporting On Charity-Funded Orgy
Hospital Restores 'Butt-Slapping' Surgeon's Privileges
Cannabis as addictive as heroin, new study finds
Drunk Boris Yeltsin was found outside White House in underpants trying to hail cab 'because he wanted pizza'
Ebola: 'Attack Patients with Napalm to Defeat Virus' Todd Kincannon, Pro-Life Politician Says
Pink Floyd's New Album Features Stephen Hawking - On a Track Called 'Talkin' Hawkin"
Dov Seidman is suing Chobani yogurts for using the word "how" in its latest marketing blitz for its whey-free Greek yogurt.
Iceland organizes men-only UN conference on gender equality.
Black Donor's Sperm Mistakenly Sent To Neo-Nazi Couple
Federal Court Rules "Five Second Rule" Unconstitutional
Heirs of Aunt Jemima models suing Quaker Oats
Memphis TV Station Tweets Out Link to PornHub Instead of Weather Radar
Potato found growing inside woman after being used as a contraceptive
Red Bull To Pay Out $13 Million Settlement in False Advertising Case
Stephen Hawking 'contributes vocals to new Pink Floyd song 'Talkin' Hawkin''
McMaster tears down parking lot to put up turtle paradise
Women marries herself after hearing Bjrok song
Woman marries herself after hearing Bjork song
Robin Hood Is Getting His Own Marvel-Style Movie Universe Because Sure, Why Not
174 Australian sheep meant for sacrificial ritual in Singapore did not survive air flight
Geoff Tate's Favorite Singer Is Still Geoff Tate
The German Ethics Council Thinks There's Nothing Wrong With Sibling Sex
Kangaroos Street Fight in Suburban Australia
Facebook's reportedly working on a mobile app for anonymity
Pancake flap: Aunt Jemima heirs seek dough
Diabolical Unions Use 'Living Wage' Schemes To Betray And Undermine Workers
Brazzers Offers Air Canada Pilots Free Membership for Life
Drug cops converge on Ga. home for okra
Child accidentally takes 250 heroin bags to US nursery
WREG [TV] Tweets Porn, Internet Responds
Sailor Moon Crystal Gets Feminine Hygiene Products
Jennifer Lawrence Shames Nude-Photo Thieves, via Nude Photo Shoot
3 share physics Nobel for LED light
Here It Is: Sun Kil Moon's Song "War on Drugs: Suck My Cock"
Drug cops converge on Ga. home for okra. Police: Okra plants, cannabis plants have 'quite a number of characteristics' in common
Testicle Trek: Man pushing giant testicle across U.S. for cancer.
Nickelback hater tries to keep band from performing in his city with crowdfunding campaign
Physics Nobel prize goes to scientists who perfected LED light
Pope gets crash course in joys of sex
Alabama abortion law allows judges to appoint lawyer for foetus
Man rescued trying to run to Bermuda in inflatable bubble Read more: http://www.upi.com/Odd_News/2014/10/05/Man-rescued-trying-to-run-to-Bermuda-in-inflatable-bubble/2671412550827/#ixzz3FUqcbNzp
Detroit Homeowner Wants To Trade His House For An iPhone 6
Apple Patents a Smartphone Screen that Bends on Purpose
Man gets 8 years for forklift chase in Fort Worth
Accidental 911 pocket-dial leads police to meth lab
Man Willing to Swap Detroit Home for an iPhone 6
California Highway Patrol Officer To Be Honored For Saving Motorist From Ant Attack
Kangaroos get into boxing match on quiet Australian street - video
Pro-Life Tea Party Christian Todd Kincannon: Execute All Ebola Patients.
4-year-old girl gives out heroin at daycare, thought it was candy.
Jennifer Lawrence Calls Photo Hacking a "Sex Crime"
B.C. 'Pastafarian' loses driver's licence over holy colander hat
NB Mountie who smoked marijuana in uniform found dead
The dad from 7th Heaven admits to child molestation
Russia Celebrates Vladimir Putin's Birthday With T-Shirts, Parades and Art.
Man rescued 70 miles off the coast of Florida in an inflatable bubble. He was trying to run to Bermuda.
California's Sexual Consent Law Will Ruin Good Sex for Women
Police investigate terrorist threat. For: "Let's just say, homecoming this weekend is gonna go out with a bang. And the football game is gonna be one no one is ever gonna forget".
Friends Arrested After Motorcyclist Killed in Fiery Crash
Sarasota Memorial EBOLA Patient Actually Just Has Small Case of AIDs
Red Bull agrees to pay $15 million for falsely claiming to provide superpowers
Motorcyclist found after crashing, undressing, falling off Highway 1 cliff
Louisiana Parish Claims Incarcerated 14-Year-Old Consented to be Raped by a Corrections Officer
Detroit man wants to sell house for new iPhone.
Descendants Of Women Who Appeared As Aunt Jemima Suing For $2B, Share Of Brand's Revenue
Police: 4-year-old brings heroin to day care
Woman Married Herself After Six Years of Thinking
AUNT JEMIMA DESCENDANTS SUE PANCAKE MAKER FOR $2 BILLION
Wayne Rooney Admits Manchester United's Dressing Room is Being Overtaken by Spanish Language
Teens set themselves on fire for social media challenge
Heroin Distributed by 4-Year-Old at Delaware Daycare
4-year-old girl hands out packets of heroin at day care thinking it was candy
Putin portrayed as Hercules in art exhibition
Putin, on His Birthday, Depicted as Hercules
Obama Believed To Have Had Endangered Species Hung On His Wall
Congressmen Voted For Drug Testing Food Stamp Recipients, Busted On Cocaine Charge
Man Tries to Trade Decrepit Detroit House for New iPhone
Man practicing open carry law robbed of gun
A top Taliban figure gives away his hiding spot on Twitter
Dog named 'Lazarus' survives lethal injection
No Harm in Blowing up Angels' Clubhouse
Selfie on rail track turns fatal for Puttur student
Restaurant puts 'God in charge of the cash register'
Teen Sexting Linked to Increased Sexual Behavior
NY Woman Accuses US Government of Identity Theft
Man Sues Red Bull 'For Not Giving Him Wings'... And Earns $13 Million Settlement
Open Carry Enthusiast's Gun Stolen At Gunpoint
Ex-Bridgeport police officer gets probation for shooting himself
School teaches teen about social media by broadcasting her racy bikini photo
Tsarnaev Friend Defense Hinges on Something Called 'Fishbowling'
Man steals gun at gunpoint
Canada Says Vegan Company Must Test on Animals to Sell its Food There Read more: http://www.care2.com/causes/canada-says-vegan-company-must-test-on-animals-to-sell-its-food-there.html#ixzz3FXBD1nLG
Hunt on for 1.5-Ton Gargoyles Missing From Church
Motorcyclist who jumped nude from cliff reportedly swerved to avoid turkey
Beer Thieving Pig Gets Drunk and Starts Fight With Cow
Stingy Telkom awards players 5GB of data - SundayWorld
Protests banned during Bali Democracy Forum
Cat Gets Lifesaving Blood Transfusion ... From a Dog
Youth hires goon to woo girl, gets shot at instead
Elderly Australian couple explain the joy of sex to Pope Francis
14-Year-Old Girl Pregnant with Baby Jesus
Islamic State, murderer of journalists, releases 11 rules for journalists
Cash, pot, cheese snacks seized in Bowling Green drug trafficking bust
Inside South Africa's whites-only town of Orania
World-renowned epidemiologist Jesse Jackson arrives in Dallas to deal with Ebola threat
'Hide yo kids, hide yo wife': Viral video star Antoine Dodson throws terrible punch at alleged intruder
Woman sues after having a mixed-race baby
Should Germans Read 'Mein Kampf'?
Burglar Caught in the Act Offers to Share Heroin
Condoms 'too small' for Ugandan men, new worry about AIDS
Hamilton police looking for serial butt-slapper
Confusion as bizarre mass pants-ripping occurs at Chinese military reserve training
Comcast Told My Employer About Complaint, Got Me Fired
Man Inadvertently Kills Friend for 'Poking' His Girlfriend on Facebook
Homeless man traded his freedom for a date with Miley Cyrus
Is J.K. Rowling Bringing Back Harry Potter or Just Ordering Brunch?
Gay community not gay enough to win new gTLD
Police pepper spray Wake County teen inside his home after he's mistaken for burglar
Rapper Attempts to Poop On Stage During Battle Rap
Google Uses Camels To Capture Street View Photos Of Liwa Desert
Miffed Seahawks Punter Tweets Photo Comparing In-Flight Menu To Orioles'
Man openly carrying new gun in Gresham robbed by armed man
Suit alleges Aunt Jemima was real, and Quaker owes her $2 billion
Queen's staff bringing home men from Grindr could pose 'security risk'
Google offers a camel's eye view of Liwa Oasis
Black teen in white foster home pepper-sprayed by police who mistook him for burglar
Pentagon can't decide which rebels to train in Syria
Court hearing held for Cameo Crispi, suspected in bacon-fueled arson incident
Couple under siege by sticky-fingered squirrel
Verizon's attempt to compete with Netflix ends in hilarious failure
Google Adds Custom Pirate Bay Search With Autocomplete
Neighbor stabbed 23 times after accusing suspect of stealing his pig
Japanese company creates the most awesome accessory for iPhone 6 Plus owners with tiny hands
Japanese company creates large soft silicone thumb extension for smartphone users with tiny hands
Motorcyclist crashes avoiding turkey, jumps naked off cliff
Woman Denied Boarding on JetBlue Flight After Tweeting About Delays
News92 changes format, becomes Beyonce-only radio station
Gresham man showing off new gun gets it stolen by another guy with a gun
Police: 4-year-old brings heroin to daycare, gives it out as candy
Geknebelt und gefesselt in der Schweiz | KlonBlog
Woman, 90, locked officer in basement, settles with police
Inmate with state fair turkey leg leads to investigation
Potential 2016 presidential candidate: "Wifi is a human right."
Single woman who failed to find love after dating for six years decided to marry herself and even proposed in the park
Wonga banned from using ad that didn't mention 5,853% interest rate
Google's Newest iOS App Could Compete Directly with Google Now
Ingenious thieves use jackfruit sap to steal money from ATMs
Jimmy Carter unhappy with Obama's policies in Middle East
Second P.E.I. potato found tampered with in Newfoundland
Gresham man robbed of pistol at gunpoint while exercising 'open carry' right
Woman Robs Super 8 Motel Dressed As Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle
Obama slams GOP as party of billionaires then attends $32k-a-head fundraiser hosted by billionaire property tycoon named Rich Richman
Boston Bomb Suspect's Friend Wasn't Too High, Jury Told
Peter Jackson Announces Plans for 72-Part Movie Series of The Silmarillion
Suspect Meets Police to Demand they Take Mugshot off Facebook, Gets Arrested
Model spends £30,000 transforming herself into a blow-up sex doll
Ebola-related shares fall after Dallas patient dies
Man Pocket Dials 911 While Cooking Meth, Leads them to his "Meth Shed"
Cops Pepper Spray Black Teen In His Own Living Room After Mistaking Him For Burglar
B.C. woman says she was rejected for job because she's Christian as company manager says her religion offends 'Norse' culture
Media reports have speculated that [Kim Jung Un]...is suffering from health problems after eating too much cheese.
Santa Ana City Council Meeting Canceled Over "F the Police" Hat
Mother-son meth lab busted after savvy dispatcher hears 'bubbling noises' during 911 pocket dial
All-news radio station suddenly shutters, replaced by All Beyonce format
Pinkwashing: Fracking Company Teams Up With Susan G. Komen to 'End Breast Cancer Forever'
Is Neenah really planning to ban dancing? (Neenah, WI)
Red Bull settles class action giving $15 of Red Bull or $10 to anyone who consumed in the last 12 years because the energy drink does not actually "give you wings."
Consensual Sex App 'Good2Go' Pulled From Apple Store
Prediksi Swedia vs Rusia 10 Oktober 2014 | Citibet88.net
Fracking company teams up with Susan G. Komen, introduces pink drill bits "for the cure"
Bumbling beaver escorted to safety by Oregon City Police
Santa Ana council meeting canceled over 'F the police' hat
Red Bull sued over false advertisement: it doesn't "Give you wings."
Wanted Woman Arrested After Demanding Police Remove Unflattering Facebook Photo
Wanted woman turned herself in to cops over unflattering mugshot on Facebook
N.C. police pepper spray black teen in his own home
Study Shows Most Christian Men Are Into Porn, 77% Viewed Monthly
Turns out RedBull doesn't give you literal wings. Here, have some free liquid sugar and caffeine.
Australian Premier Who Ordered Shark Cull Doesn't Know Sharks Are Protecte
Australian Premier Who Ordered Shark Cull Doesn't Know Sharks Are Protected
Oversized body causes fire at Henrico crematory
Republicans Threaten Another Shutdown Over Obamacare
Supernovae corpses are filled with waffles
Wisconsin couple sentenced for having sex in squad car.
Red Bull Will Pay $10 To Customers Disappointed The Drink Didn't Actually Give Them Wings
The federal government is spending nearly half a million dollars to study why obese girls have fewer "dating experiences" and less sex than girls who are not obese.
Kafka's The Metamorphosis, robot style
Tattoo your name on this comedian's butt
School Told to Call Kids 'Purple Penguins' Because 'Boys and Girls' Is Not Inclusive to Transgender
POLICE PEPPER SPRAY TEEN INSIDE HIS NC HOME AFTER HE'S MISTAKEN FOR BURGLAR
Open carry enthusiast robbed at gunpoint
Maryland's governor says that WiFi is a human right.
Cops pepper spray black teen in his home, mistaking him for burglar
Red bull sued because it does not give you wings. Returns money back to everybody.
Red Bull sued for falsely advertising wing-giving ability
Sex symbol flaunts scar to support 'fat' colleague
Russian Hardship on Display at Delis as Sausages Shrink
Red Bull drinkers are entitled to settlement due to the energy drink not actually giving you wings.
NJ High School Football Team Hazing Included Fingers In Butts
Martin O'Malley Believes Wi-Fi Access Is A 'Human Right'
Boy killed by sacrificial goat which fell from roof
White woman defends black man from US police
New penises could be available in five years
Rapper Attempted to Poop On Stage After Getting Booed At a Show This Weekend
Police identify suspect by face tattoos, arrest him on meth charges
CNN suggests racism behind death of Dallas Ebola patient
Is Kim Jong Un's Little Sister Kim Yo Jong Running North Korea?
Oregon Health Exchange enrolls US Senator for Medicaid
Two sentenced for Oconto Co. squad car tryst
Teenager 'lost virginity to mother's corpse' after killing her with a hammer http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/teenager-lost-virginity-mothers-corpse-4404581#ixzz3FbJoY1ch Follow us: @DailyMirror on Twitter | DailyMirror on Facebook
Cover Oregon health exchange enrolled U.S. Sen. Jeff Merkley into low-income Medicaid
Professor Stephen Hawking credited as guest vocalist on new Pink Floyd album
Google put its Street View camera on a camel's back to tour the Arabian desert
Comcast got me fired after billing dispute, says California man
560-pound sex offender: Food that taxpayers are buying me sucks
500 lb. body causes fire at Henrico crematory
Obama slams billionaires at Rich Richman's Mansion
Man openly displaying new pistol has it stolen from him at gun point.
Linkin Park bonds with military, vets
Harvard students believe u.s. is bigger threat than isis -- Fox news
Vandal paints penis on £1.5 million Bugatti Veyron
Blue Ash police, homeowners struggle with 'portal to hell'
Danny Green Is Sorry About The Bad Caption On His Holocaust Selfie
NYC cops arresting people for peeing in port authority bathrooms, claiming they are masturbating.
State Dept endorses handbook calling Jihad 'Noble'
Danny Green Takes Selfie At German Holocaust Memorial, Uses Inappropriate Caption
Witchcraft is a "hidden crime" against kids in London, police say
How Japan's Super Typhoon Vongfong could blast N.J. with cold
ISIS-Themed Israeli Gay Party Uses Beheading Images for Promo
Elementary School Children Threatened With Beheading In Rhode Island
How To Get the 'Gone Girl' Hairstyle That's Sure to Be the Next Big Thing
The Pentagon Doesn't Know What to Call Its Operation Against ISIS
Uganda says AIDS is on the rise because condoms are too small
Panhandler Caught Driving Fiat Is Confronted by Furious Man Who Gave Her Money
Red Bull has settled a false advertising lawsuit after a plaintiff claimed that it does not in fact "give you wings." Red Bull has agreed to pay $13,000,000.00.
Feminist blogger presses criminal harassment charges against a guy for simply feeling weirded out by him [xpost r/InjusticePorn]
Man displaying new gun robbed by 2nd man with gun
NY court hears arguments that chimps have rights
4-year-old brings heroin to daycare, gives it out as candy
BIG OL' PENIS SPRAY-PAINTED ON $2.5 MILLION CAR
Antarctic sea ice hits an all-time high, NASA blames global warming
Consensual Sex App Good2Go Has Been Shut Down
Wrong number calls, texts lead to heroin arrest in Bourne
Coast Guard rescues man trying to run to Bermuda in a giant bubble
Dem Gov. Martin O'Malley: 'WiFi Is a Human Right'
Feminists: Remove WWII Sailor Statue Because It's 'Sexual Assault'
Man Openly Carrying His Brand New Firearm Is Robbed Of It At Gunpoint
I was looking for ISIS
Court Could Decide If Chimpanzees Are Legal Persons
Mom Arrested After 4-Year-Old Daughter Gives Heroin to Kids at Daycare
FULL HD Cartoon 2014 - Cánh Hoa Ma Giới (Garo Makai No Hana) - Tap 4
ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE : Ebola victims in African village 'rise from the dead'
Red Bull False Ad Settlement: Energy Drink Doesn't 'Give You Wings,' Company to Pay $13 Million
Shell brings back 1984 gas prices to celebrate anniversary
Black Teen With White Parents Mistaken For Burglar, Assaulted By Cops In His Own Home
Red Bull to refund customers after settling false 'gives you wings' advertising lawsuit
FBI Director Comey: We Can't Find Enough Programmers Because of Zero Tolerance Marijuana Rules
Queensland woman fights off kangaroo with backpack
Pensioner had How Much Is That Doggie in the Window playing in her head for 4 years - but now it's changed to Somewhere Over the Rainbow
'She was very fit': Cops forced to use Taser in violent rumble with 72-year-old neighborhood terror
Open carry enthusiast robbed at gunpoint: 'I like your gun. Give it to me.'
Open Carry Enthusiast Is Robbed Of His Gun -- At Gunpoint
Lego ends Shell partnership following Greenpeace campaign
A Dildo Enthusiast Dropped $2.5 Million on This Wooden Spirit Sculpture
Man wears 'Fuck the police' t-shirt to court, wins case against police
Detroit man will accept iPhone6 in exchange for house
Cheese blamed for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's broken ankles
Florida man wore a 'fuck the police' shirt to court hearing against state troopers - then won his case
China Bans Law-Breaking Actors From Movies and Television
Drone captures ISIS member having sex with a donkey
Man Desperate to Sell 3-Bedroom Detroit Home Says He's Willing to Trade it for an iPhone 6
Disney coins become legal tender
Redbull loses class action lawsuit because...it doesn't give you wings.
Texas News Station Accidentally Tweets Out Gay Porn Instead Of Traffic Update
'Don't stroke your cat, you'll stress it out': Experts warn pets are actually harmed by being petted
13 drug trafficking cases reported in Yunnan city 'bra bust'
Woman attacks boyfriend with ax at Daytona Beach hotel, her drunkenness saved his life.
Marijuana farm in Canada raided, found to be protected by a dozen "docile" black bears.
Uri Geller Claims iPhone 6 Bending Caused By Massive Mind Power
Red Bull apparently "doesn't give you wings"
Scientific study reveals conspiracy theorists the most sane of all
People Will Give Away Their Personal Information for an Actual Cookie.
News Radio Station replaced with 24/7 Beyoncé
Delaware mother charged after daughter brings heroin to daycare.
Red Bull sued because it "does not give you wings."
Pornhub Erects Huge Billboard in Times Square After Long Search for a Great Non-Pornographic Ad
Thai traffic cops offered cash to turn down bribes
Tradie refused 'religious right' to wear pasta strainer on head in licence photo
This 1912 Brothel Menu Is the Dirtiest Thing You'll See Today
Man Found Wandering Naked in Woods Four Days After Music Festival
Charging your phone while sleeping can make you fat.
These new Lego Minecraft sets look decidedly more 'Lego' than ever before
Google Straps A Street View Camera On A Camel's Hump To Capture Liwa Desert
Nobel Prize 2014: Inventor of the red LED hits out at committee for 'overlooking' his seminal 1960s work -- Blue LED creators were honoured this week for their breakthrough
Red LED inventor feels work was bypassed in Nobel Prize decision
UEA students urged to urinate in shower
Employee who hit own car with rented city van wants damages
Most Americans Support 'Yes Means Yes' Sexual Consent Rule
Black Teen Pepper-Sprayed By Cops After Entering His White Foster Parents' Home
Yukon man convicted of harassing groggy bear by pouring water on it
Red Bull Drinkers Can Claim $10 Over 'Gives You Wings' Lawsuit
Obama slams billionaires at the home of a guy named Rich Richman
If You Bought a Red Bull Since 2002, You Could Get $10
Proudly Satanic Deicide's Secret to Success? "Surrounding Yourself With Positive People"
Why Are Kids Rubbing Burt's Bees On Their Eyelids? Let A Millennial Explain
Why Many Indians Can't Stand to Use the Toilet
800,000 Bees Swarm Arizona Gardening Crew, Killing One.
Laboratory-Grown Penises Ready To Be Tested In Humans
Guy Torments Girlfriend with Lord of the Ring Quotes
Houston's Last Remaining News Radio Station Now a Beyoncé-Only Station
Oregon Man Openly Carrying New Gun Robbed by Man with Gun
Election forecasts rely too much on science, data
Fake policeman caught after stopping real cop
PETA wants roadside memorial at site of wreck that killed chickens
Comedy Club Charges By The Laugh With Facial Recognition
Thanks to larger screens, people need to use silicone thumb extenders
Bride-to-be pregnant after sex with dwarf stripper on hen night
Thanks to larger screens, silicone thumb extenders exist
Google hires camel for desert Street View
Elon Musk To 'Unveil The D' Today
Pope Francis given a surprise lecture on the joys of sexual intimacy [xpost r/religion]
Cyclist recalls being 'torpedoed' by squirrel
Bride who had sex with dwarf stripper on hen do confesses after giving birth to baby with dwarfism.
Justice Kennedy's Typo Accidentally Stops Same-Sex Marriage in Nevada
Fracking Company Produces Pink Drill Bits in the Name of Breast-Cancer Research
Thirteen-year-old boy killed in Turkey after sacrificial goat falls on him from six floor apartment building
Student faces life imprisonment for not standing during national anthem in a movie theater.
German Farmer Puts Cow in Diapers in Protest at Manure Regulations
Police pepper-spray black teen as suspected burglar in his own home.
Secret resistance heroine who slept with Nazis to give them STDs in 'vengeance' after she was raped is honoured
Student responds to bullying with positive Post-its, school punishes her for littering
Ontario becomes second province to ban motorists from eating breakfast sandwiches
Tumblr group entitled "Women Against Feminism"
Man discovers wife's hen night dwarf stripper affair after first child is born - with dwarfism
Detroit Man Selling 3-Bedroom House for an iPhone 6
City pulls sculpture after visitor's jacket singed by reflected rays
Comedy club charges per laugh with facial recognition
Man has heart attack on scooter while fleeing cops
Marines headed to Africa to fight Ebola outbreak
30 FPS "feels more cinematic," says Assassin's Creed Unity dev
794 Ways in Which BuzzFeed Reminds Us of Impending Death
CDC Admits Ebola Could Be Airborne
A man faked mental illness to escape jail, was sent to an asylum and has been trying since to convince doctors he's sane. He's been diagnosed a psychopath 'cause in part, "Faking mental illness to get out of a prison sentence is exactly the kind of manipulative act you'd expect of a psychopath."
#BelloGate: Thousands of UCL students sent YouPorn, Sarah Palin and Ukip links in email hack
The Lies of the Department of Homeland Security Begin to Surface read ties to agent cheney & palins & prostitutes
Kennewick man accused of assaulting hypnotized woman
Houston radio station replaces entire staff with Beyonce
Plant your inspiration with iBean!
Court To Decide If Chimpanzees Are 'Persons'
All-Beyonce Radio Station Replaces All-News Station in Houston
Student faces life in jail for not standing during National Anthem in a movie theater.
Stephen Hawking In Guest Vocal On Pink Floyd's New Album
'Gender inclusive' school district says drop 'boys and girls,' call kids 'purple penguins'
Pizza-car thief attacked with hammer
Blessing of Half Ton of Marijuana Backfires
Opera Company Refuses to Perform 'Carmen' Due to Concerns About Smoking
Montgomery pastor admits to having AIDS, sleeping with church members
Swaziland to pay girls $18 a month to remain virgins
What to Expect When Elon Musk's Tesla 'Unveils the D'
First burger and chips sent to space.
Danny Green, NBA Player, Apologizes For Holocaust Selfie
Pissed off russian driver gets a surprise
Exploding Marijuana Soda Bottles Vex Cannabis Retailers In Washington
'It sounded like a shotgun': Marijuana-laced soda recalled over exploding glass bottles
US: Anti-gay marriage group proposes 'straights only' civil unions
Boxer Gets Punched In The Dick So Hard He Can't Continue, Loses Fight
Colombian city to impose night curfew on men to prevent crime against women
Four-Year-Old's Gift to Friends at Delaware Day Care: Heroin
Obama officially proclaims today as Leif Erikson day!
500-lb. body causes fire at Virginia crematory
Columbus Teachers Forced to Repay Bonuses back to The District
So Red Bull doesn't actually 'give you wings'
Bride who has sex on hen do with dwarf stripper confesses after giving birth to baby with dwarfism
Giuliani to defend video game firm vs. ex-dictator
Bride-to-be 'becomes pregnant after having sex with dwarf stripper on hen night... only confesses after baby is born with dwarfism'
Yes, the people going to Mars on a Dutch reality TV show will die
Police Mistake Black Foster Son For Burglar In His Own Home, Pepper Spray Him
Australian opera company bans 'Carmen' for smoking
Coach, Players Suspended After Autistic Boy Allegedly Duct Taped To Soccer Goal
New at the pot shop: Milder marijuana for novices
Students urged to urinate in shower
Former UFC fighter Jason "Mayhem" Miller surrounded by SWAT and barricaded himself at California home
Teenager murdered his mother then lost his virginity to her corpse
Gibraltar to export 30 pesky monkeys to Scotland
Man Admits To Killing Mom And Losing Virginity To Her Corpse
Poland to honor Wikipedia with monument
Lenovo Product Engineer Ashton Kutcher 'Not Concerned' About Upcoming iPad Launch
Academy Museum Architect: "I Don't Think It Will Be That Bad"
Comedy club charges 'per laugh'
Bride to be f*cks dwarf at bachelorette party, confesses when baby is suspiciously short
US Turns $486 Million Afghan Air Fleet into $32,000 of Scrap Metal
Bachelorette Party Ends With Bride Getting Pregnant With Dwarf Stripper's Baby
Woman Pushing to Change AP History Test: Replace Ben Franklin with Black Panthers
Crematorium fire sparked by 500-pound body
Ottawa Votes: Elect me or I'm leaving 'this backwater,' mayoral candidate warns
Feds Spending Money to Study Why Obese Girls Get Fewer Dates
What's Racist, What's Not (As of Friday, Oct. 3, 2014)
Judge rules man who took photos up ladies' skirts at Lincoln Memorial didn't violate their privacy
College student charged with grand Larson after theft of flamingo from local zoo.
A Univ. of Southern Mississippi Student faces jail time after stealing a flamingo from a local zoo.
Answer to recent Deepak Chopra's One Million Dollar Challenge to the Skeptics
Burger King customer attacked over cold onion rings
Red Bull ordered to pay £8million settlement because it doesn't really give drinkers 'wings'
The Mythical And Almost Certainly Made Up 'Legend' Of Walter O'Brien Continues To Grow | from the make-it-stop-already dept
WA Opera butts out Carmen over smoking themes after securing Healthway sponsorship
Weebly vs Wordpress - My Honest Opinion For Best Website Maker
#Bellogate Thousands of university students signed up to porn, One Direction fan groups and Ukip in mass email leak
Passenger Pulled from US Airways Plane After Yelling "I Have Ebola"
#Bellogate: Thousands of UCL students wake up to UKIP, porn and fan lists after mass email leak
'Idiot' Passenger Tells Entire Flight He Has Ebola
Comedy clubs using facial recognition technology to charge by the laugh
Official says beer bars are too hot in Vietnam
Báo Công nghệ Việt Nam và quốc tế, Đánh giá sản phẩm công nghệ, Máy tính, laptop, điện thoại, máy ảnh, Camera, âm thanh, thiết bị số - Kênh thông tin ô tô, xe hơi, xe máy độ, lái xe ô tô.
216 attendees sickened at 2014 Food Safety Summit were served contaminated chicken
Could major US airline create an "economy minus" cabin?
Whole Foods Market offering vinyl at more stores
MSNBC host blames Ebola crisis on the NRA
Killer whales learn to speak dolphin; humanity doomed
City Orders Family to Get Rid of Special Needs Child's Make-A-Wish Gift
#Bellogate: Every Student At A London University Has Been Signed Up For PornHub, UKIP & One Direction's Fan Club
Obama Chides the GOP For Being 'In The Pocket Of Billionaires' Before Attending Fundraiser At Billionaire's House
Microsoft CEO Suggests Women Not Ask for Raises, Trust in 'Karma'
Colorado marijuana stores roll out the 'Rookie Cookie' for pot newbies
Stephen Hawking as guest vocalist on new Pink Floyd album
Man goes on stabbing spree at vet clinics after his cat dies
Black Teen With White Parents Gets Peppersprayed In His Own Home
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella to Women: Don't Ask For A Raise, Trust Karma
Hunter finds naked festivalgoer in the woods 4 days after Tomorrowworld
Florida Man Wears 'F*ck The Police' T-Shirt to Court and Wins Case
Migrating animals' pee affects ocean chemistry
COPS: Theft Suspect Stole $520 from Jury on Another Trial
Vanilla Ice goes Amish in new reality series on DIY Network
'Horse yoga' tames more than animals
Linux system dev says open source is 'SICK', kernel community 'awful'
Man openly carrying his gun is robbed for it at gun point
RedBull settles Lawsuit for $13 million due to false advertising because RedBull does not actually 'give you wings'
"Nic Cage Would Have Done an Incredible Job Playing Superman" assures Supes doc director.
Woman turns herself in to get unflattering photo off police Facebook page.
Pizza Delivery Man Surprised With Huge Tip From College Kids
Radio station lays off all 47 of its journalists, will play Beyoncé all day everyday instead
Samsung Has a Robotic Butt Sit on the Galaxy Note 4 in Comical #Bendgate Video
Extreme case of brown recluse spiders drives owners from Weldon Spring home
Colin Kaepernick fined $10K for wearing 'Beats by Dre' headphones
Why the rise of cosplay is a bad sign for the U.S. economy
Kerala student faces life in jail for not standing during National Anthem
Is a Chimpanzee a 'Legal Person'? Court Set to Decide
College Students Urge Classmates to Pee in the Shower, to Save the Environment, Obviously
Family dies from concentrated cow poop
Police pepper spray black teen in his own home after neighbour mistakes him for burglar
The audacity to 'fart in the elevator' and the lingering anger over the AIG bailout The government gave AIG $180bn. The company's former CEO
Austrian school bans yoga for 'religious reasons'
Why Isn't Anyone Talking About Nick Jonas' Hairy Ass?
Kevin Davis, 18, Admits Killing His Mother & Losing His Virginity To Her Corpse
Cop Tries To Search Car Because "Everybody that Plays Frisbee Golf Smokes Weed"
Microsoft CEO's Advice for Women: Let Karma Grant You a Raise
Satya Nadella, Microsoft CEO, Tells Women Not To Ask For Raises, Karma Will Provide
A man caught kidnapping a 20kg statue of Yoda on a bicycle has been charged with theft.
Radio Station Lays Off 47 People, Replaces Them With Beyoncé
Firefighter fired for marrying co-worker's niece
Attorney General Candidate Says He Would Have Defended Interracial Marriage Bans During Jim Crow
A Houston radio station is now playing Beyoncé songs 24 hours a day
Calgary removes $559,000 sculpture after realizing it's basically a giant sun laser that burns through clothing
Detroit man plans to trade home for iPhone 6, gets both the sale and phone Read more at http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/philadelphia-real-estate/Detroit-man-plans-to-trade-home-for-iPhone-6-gets-both-the-sale-and-phone.html
Why Did the U.S. Government Recently Purchase 30,000 Guillotines?
Detroit man plans to trade home for iPhone 6, gets both the sale and phone
Joe Biden Eats Hipster Ice Cream Like a Boss
Student arrested after 2 flamingos die in frat prank gone wrong
Cách nạp thẻ game online
Zing Me | ve may bay di hồng kong, singapore
Oklahoma has unveiled its newly remodelled death chamber, where at least three men are scheduled to be executed before year's end
Watch Washington St. vs Stanford College Football Live streaming online TV Link
Nickelback hater launches online campaign to keep band from performing in London
Noah's Ark Theme Park Loses $18M In Tax Breaks Unless They Hire Atheists
Justice Insider: Woman turns herself in to get unflattering photo off police Facebook page
So far, 20 people have booked in for the Paleo Cave Camp, paying $1270 to enjoy a Paleo menu and learn primal moves, including walking on all fours and jumping like a kangaroo
Counterfeit tobacco found in carcass in Peterborough
Employee stole thousands from 99p shop.
Former Fighter Jason 'Mayhem' Miller Live-Tweeting Standoff with Police
Fake policeman caught when he stopped a real copper for 'speeding'
London apartment building sparked outrage after they put metal spikes in an alcove to prevent homeless people from sleeping there
Houston radio station fires all 47 employees to play Beyonce 24/7
Why The Apple Trackpad Might Be The Best Video Game Controller Ever Made
Police lose scent of cheese heist thieves
Amaruk Wilderness: questions raised about company at centre of anti-Christian attack
Here's how Comcast got a customer fired from his job after he complained about their service.
Horse walks into Cheshire police headquarters
Nigerian hoax 'drink lots of salt water to avoid ebola' Results in Two Deaths
Woman Selling Bridal Dress at a Bargain Price after Finding out Husband is a Gay
Dwarf took his 5ft 7in fiancée out for a romantic meal - only to be given a children's colouring book and crayons by waitress
Digby Jones Backs Nigel Farage, Doesn't Want People Coming To Britain To 'Give Him Aids'
6-foot-3 trainer got free steroids using Medicare by claiming he was a dwarf, authorities say
Dwarf handed colouring book and crayons by waitress while on a date with fiancee
A man says Comcast called his boss and got him fired after he complained about it's service.
Dwarf given children's colouring book by waitress as he ate dinner with his fiancée
Robot Trouser Snake 'has no problem with slippery mounds'
Man brings knife to a gun fight and WINS
Man discovered wife's affair with hen night dwarf stripper after baby was born
Students encouraged to pee in shower
Dwarf on date with fiancée given colouring book and crayons as waitress makes embarrassing gaffe
Pastor who admits to having AIDS and sleeping with parishioners won't step down
Bride-to-be 'becomes pregnant after having sex with dwarf stripper on hen night... and husband only realises when she gives birth
Rush Limbaugh: Obama thinks white folks 'deserve' Ebola for slavery so he's not protecting us
Conservative Columnist: Is The Government Orchestrating The Ebola Crisis To Confiscate Guns?
Career Criminal Receives 27 Years for Theft of Truck, Wendy's Chicken Breasts
Snapchat Hack: 200,000 'Self-Destruct' Nude Images Set to Leak in 'The Snappening'
Eric Cantor's webpage now just has a picture of him that goes nowhere if you click on it
Police pepper-spray black teen inside his white foster parents' home, thinking he's a burglar
Sayreville allegations not unique as experts see increase in anal-penetration hazing
School evacuated over WW2 grenade
D.C. councilmember David Grosso suggests disarming city police, says officers 'shouldn't have guns'
No thumbprint, no money, bank tells armless man
Czech Nurse Honoured for Sleeping with Nazi Soldiers to Give Them STDs and Kill Them
Nigerian scammers target fictional children's mascot Billie Bear
Dwarf stripper gets bride pregnant on her hen night
Texas Tech Frat Loses Charter Following 'No Means Yes, Yes Means Anal' Display
Strapless bh | de strapless plak bh lift onzichtbaar het decolleté plak bh
Vermont man kills Make-A-Wish 13 year old by pouring vodka in his IV to "relax" him
Pregnant teens who joined ISIS: We've made a huge mistake
Japanese zoo fails to breed two hyenas after both turned out to be male
In 1892 the entire Hong Kong national cricket team died in shipwreck off Taiwan.
500 lb. body causes grease fire at Henrico crematory
Amazon plans to open its first brick-and-mortar store
(Canadian) Thanksgiving dinner: how to eat as much as possible
Tesla reveals the D
Zurich zoo eatery serves meat from its animals
Fan With Tom Brady Helmet Tattooed On His Head Is Jailed On Felony Narcotics Charge
Joe Biden Apologizes for Telling the Truth
Boy dies as he is hit by goat plunging to the ground after escaping sacrifice on sixth floor of apartment block
Could terrorists turn themselves into Ebola suicide 'bombs'?
Man Finds Out About Wife's One-Night Stand With Dwarf Stripper After Baby Is Born
Austrian Girl who joined "ISIS" in Syria 'wants to come home'
Dwarf handed crayons and colouring book as couple sat down for romantic dinner
College Students Asked to Urinate in Showers to Save Water
Hazmat suit maker's stock up 50% on Ebola fears
How to Avoid Being Raped by a Fake Cop
Bungling workmen create UK's smallest bus stop
Russian air 'purified Depardieu of homosexuality', says anti-gay politician
St Louis Cardinals fans sell shirts to support officer who shot Michael Brown
The antagonism towards Malala in Pakistan
Robot 'trouser snake' stiffens to conquer slippery mounds
Teachers Ordered To Call Students "Purple Penguins," Not "Boys And Girls"
Mom: School Made 5-YO Daughter Sign 'Suicide Contract'
Microsoft's CEO Tells Women It's Bad Karma to Ask For a Raise
A 6'3" 'dwarf' busted for selling human growth hormone
Michael Cera Misses When Chatroulette Was '60% Dicks'
Ankeny Cop Tries To Search Car Because 'Everybody that Plays Frisbee Golf Smokes Weed'
Kanye West: The 21st Century Friedrich Nietzsche
Man exposing himself swings at an officer and trips over pants
Restaurant Menu Has No Prices So Customers Pay What God Tells Them to Pay
Russia to Import Crocodile Meat to Replace Sanctioned Pork, Beef
Hunter finds naked man wandering in woods four days after US festival
Bynes: Microchip in brain made me accuse dad of abuse
Expensive Engagement Rings Linked to Higher Divorce Rates
Woman quits job as teacher's assitant to make six figures twerking on Vine
Comedy Clubs Are Using Facial Recognition Software as Part of a Pay-Per-Laugh System
Santa Cruz man killed opossum with bleach at pizza parlor, shelter says
Amazon is Opening an Actual Store
Luka Magnotta's lawyer fires up a saw, hammers witness stand when questioning pathologist
'Frack-for-the-cure' breast-cancer awareness campaign offers latest example of corporate 'pinkwashing'
Dwarf handed crayons and coloring book as couple sat down for romantic dinner
Students Urged to Urinate in Shower to Save Water
Man on acid demanded homeowners make him sandwich, take him to McDonald's
Shoppers unfazed by stabbing, blood in dairy aisle
Jesse Jackson, Dallas lawmaker blame racism for Ebola patient's death
US police reveal Palin family's involvement in 'drunken brawl'
Dwarf stripper got bride-to-be pregnant
Comedy club uses facial recognition to charge by the laugh
Airbnb Poster-Child Was Evicted for Airbnb-ing a Converted Barn She Didn't Own
Ebola comment gets passenger hazmat escort from plane
Experts: ISIS Could Use Ebola In Bio-Terror Attack Against US
Drunken man, attempting to steal Yoda, inadvertently recreates scene from ET
School opts to call children "purple penguins" instead of boys and girls.
Dallas researchers out to scientifically prove biblical version of creation
Structure fire blamed on fat, dead person
Man shot 15 minutes after finishing 15-year jail term
Taliban Spokesman Accidentally Reveals His Location On Twitter
Texas News Station Accidentally Tweets Gay Porn Instead Of Traffic Report
Syria: 'Jihadi Grandmother' Joins Islamists Militants with her French Family
Scientists Explain Why Nobody Puts Cheddar on Pizza
North and South Korea exchange fire over balloons filled with DVDs, books, and $1,000
Drug dealer sentenced after hiding from RCMP in own basement for 17 years
Report: No Vikings Arrested Today
Experts Warn of Ebola Suicide Bombers
Brawling with the Palins: Blow by Blow
Playboy has model pose nude on Buddha statue, offending an entire religion.
Girl hands out heroin packets at day care thinking it was candy
FBI Releases Documents proving Adolf Hitler and Eva Braun fled to Argentina in a Submarine
Nebraska School Asks Teachers Not to Say 'Boys and Girls' - See more at: http://www.opposingviews.com/i/society/education/nebraska-school-asks-teachers-not-say-boys-and-girls#sthash.sgfRF2AX.dpuf
Jewish teen among dozens of French girls joining jihad in Syria
Man with Tom Brady's Patriots helmet tattooed on his head arrested in Florida, of course
Calais Migrants Turn Up Noses at 'Bland' Food Aid
French Jewish girl flies to Syria to join jihad fighters
Heisman trust removes "integrity" from mission statement
Four-year-old passes out heroin packets at day care, thinking it's candy
U.S. Forest Service wants to charge $1,500 to take photos on federal wild lands
$500M worth of US-bought planes destroyed by Afghans, sold as scrap for 6 cents a pound
5-Year-Old Who Drew Pretend Crayon-Gun Made to Sign No-Suicide Contract
Bling ring doesn't guarantee long marriage, study finds
Ebola bumper stickers greet Obama's arrival in southern California
Mobile 5-year-old forced to sign anti-suicide, anti-homicide contract after drawing gun
5-Year-Old Student Reportedly Asked To Sign 'No Suicide' Contract After Misbehaving
No charges will be filed in drunken Alaska brawl involving Sarah Palin and family
Craig:Suspended Detroit cop had killing victim's watch
Fire-breather burned while performing at Blood Run race | The Columbus Dispatch
ISIS Leader Threatens to Invade Russia
Fraternity prank goes awry, flamingo dies.
Cửa cổng xếp - cửa cổng xếp inox - cửa cổng xếp sắt
Wheelchair ramps to nowhere frustrate Detroiters
Demon-named San Francisco native 'Pazuzu' linked to N.C. slayings
Man loses arm in beer keg explosion at Bar Beach bowls club
Massive Body Sparks Massive Fire At Crematorium
'Putin's Tiger,' in a Territory Grab All His Own, Swims to China
Spurs Player Gets A $500,000 Bonus If He Doesn't Gain 5 Pounds In The Next 6 Months
Boris Diaw can make an extra $500,000 by not gaining weight this season
Colorado Christian candidate won't meet gay activists until they're checked for pies
Man steals panties after choking woman in gay bar bathroom
Waka Flocka Flame arrested for having gun at airport.
Sun, Psyched For Halloween, Turns Itself Into A Jack o Lantern
French Feminists Say Iconic V-J Day Kiss Photo Shows Sexual Assault, Want Statue Taken Down
'Archer' Drops ISIS: The FX Series Dumps the Spy Org's Name in Light of Recent Events
Justin Priest: Juneau police tell wrong parents son died
Idaho's Butch Otter Tries to Stop Same Sex Marriage Again
Kate Moss sips champagne from glass molded from her left breast
'Pastafarian' loses driver's license after refusing to remove spaghetti strainer headwear
Woman Births Baby with Dwarfism, Confesses to Hooking Up with Dwarf Stripper at Bachelorette Party
Researchers Accidentally Kill World's Oldest Living Animal While Trying to Determine its Age
Locked up in a cockroach-infested Egyptian prison for two nights... for 'stealing' his own sunglasses
Airline stops woman from boarding flight after tweets
Ronald Reagan dedicates the Space Shuttle Columbia to the Taliban
Aussie ebola case 'sore throat'
Pope, prelates get crash course in joys of sex from people who know: married Catholic couple
Pornhub forced to take down giant Times Square erection after stiff opposition
Dwarf stripper gets bride-to-be pregnant on her hens night
South Carolina school calls police after student writes about shooting a pet dinosaur
Meet the Chimp at the Center of a Historic Legal Battle
Art exhibit featuring Barbie as Virgin Mary cancelled
Black-painted faces at ASU game stir concerns
$13m lawsuit proves Red Bull doesn't give you wings
More drug war anal probes, this time in Tennessee
113-Year-Old Woman Lies About Her Age to Join Facebook
Man has his PENIS cut off by angry mob after 'attempted rape' of teenager
WATCH: Horse walks right into England police station
Red Bull GmbH sued for falsely claiming their product "gives you wings"
Naomi Campbell congratulates 'Malaria' on Nobel Peace Prize
Scientists design a slithering snake robot. Why?
Putin's Tiger Swims to Russia
Mayor to issue proclamation banning dancing in Neenah
N.C. police mistakenly think black teen is burglar in his white foster family's home
Meth lab found in pants leg of suspect
Desperate burglar who had sex with TEDDY BEAR during raid is caught after DNA match
Joe Biden can taste the freedom in this ice cream cone
Horse assaulted during H20 weekend in OC
College frat boy, 19, charged after two flamingos die in bungled prank at zoo
Robot Trouser Snake Stiffens to Mount Slippery Mounds
Caffeinated drinks giant Red Bull GmbH sued for falsely claiming their product "gives you wings" and agrees to pay out $10 to every person who bought the drink since 2002
Red Bull to pay $13m because it doesn't 'give you wings'
Bristol man sees his 11 STI's as 'badge of honour'
A Man sentenced to death asks for a child as his last meal
Red Bull forced to pay out $13million because drink 'doesn't really give you wings'
Why the Most Famous Astrologer in the Universe Says You Shouldn't Buy an iPhone Right Now
Michigan Player Maintains Eligibility After No One Wants to Buy His Autographed Memorabilia
500-pound body causes fire at crematorium.
Indiana Rep. Tim Wesco laments decision on same-sex marriage, warns of polygamy
People Kept Complaining This Restaurant Sucked
God TV founder led astray by the devil
She gives birth and shoves her baby into her anus
Burglar caught after having sex with teddy bear and leaving DNA at crime scene
Bakersfield police: 'Clown' arrested for chasing, scaring kids
Police: Man on acid demanded homeowners make him sandwich, take him to McDonald's drive-thru
Wendy Davis ad uses wheelchair to criticize paralyzed foe Abbott
Police hunt overweight dog walker after trinkets are stolen from grave of murdered schoolgirl
Parking Commission Employee Accused of Stealing $10K in Coins: Caught after bank employee reported him making "unusual large coin deposits"
Prediksi Arema vs Persipura 12 Oktober 2014
Indigenous Peoples' Day Is Offensive to Indigenous People
Gross! Or is it? University pushes peeing in the shower to save water
Burglar caught because he had sex with a TEDDY BEAR during break-in
Famous Greek riot dog Loukanikos dies.
Frozen Poop Pills Fight Life-Threatening Infections
Derivatives Dated to 1,700 B.C. by Insurance Executive
Darth Vader, Chewbacca and Yoda Are Running for Ukraine's Parliament
Psychologist: Minorities Are Obese Because of Racism
NC Republicans: Flying gay pride flag over city hall is just like something Hitler would have done
Stray dog 'Rincon' becomes an Instagram celebrity after being rescued by four male models Read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2789291/stray-dog-rincon-instagram-celebrity-rescued-four-male-models.html#ixzz3FsUf8Mbg Follow us: @MailOnline on Twitter | DailyMail on Facebook
Cop Says "Everybody That Plays Frisbee Golf Smokes Weed"
Austrian Girls who left their homes and joined IS want to go home.
Officer asks driver why disc golfers 'smoke weed'
Man playing zombie at corn maze attraction in Idaho is struck and killed by bus carrying paintball players
Washington teacher punishes students with Koosh ball 'firing squad,' now on administrative leave
Flies WANT beer booze and now we know why - yeast
Mars attack imminent? Alien believers find a cannon on Red Planet's surface
Massive corn dog spill closes highway 220 in Louisiana
A Promising Pill, Not So Hard to Swallow
Frozen Poop Pills Fight Life-Threatening Infections : Shots
Teacher Quit Her Job To Twerk For A Living And Is Now Making Six Figures
Menacing clowns in Bakersfield prompt calls to police, one arrest
American horror story: Ohio homeowners at war with ghost hunters after learning 'portal to hell' is located in their backyard
17-year old girl left Austria to fight for ISIS. Is now pregnant, married and wants to go home.
Study vindicates human poo pills
School Has 5 Year Old Child Sign 'Safety Contract' After She Pointed A Crayon And Said "pew pew"
Dwarf On Date With His Normal Sized Fiance Is Given A Children's Menu and Crayons.
Zombie actor crushed by paintballers' bus
Man Who Makes 'Ebola' Joke Gets Kicked Off Plane
Police sorry for telling wrong family of death
Family told by police their son died are astonished when he answers door at home
Please Don't Tie Your Used Condom To The Subway Pole.
Scientists are a step closer to creating the memory eraser from "Men in Black"
Jesus has been resurrected as a Chinese woman who is also the founder's wife.
Hawk takes out quadcopter drone, reclaims the sky
Teen Role Player Killed by 'Zombie Slayer Paintball Bus' at Corn Maze
Killer Whales learn how to speak dolphin
HS: Finnish officials ban the word "whisky" on private blog
An American passenger was forced to leave the plane by officers in biohazard suits after sneezing and yelling: "I have Ebola!",
Military Experts: With ISIS in El Paso, Ft. Bliss in Danger of Terrorist Attack
Man on acid breaks into homes, demands sandwich and a trip to McDonald's
Women confesses to cheating on her husband with a vertically challenged entertainer on her Hen Night after giving birth to a Dwarf.
Dogs 'sniff out prostate cancer with 98% accuracy,' study finds
Good news: You can take your fecal transplants orally
Washington man killed by bus inside a zombie attraction at Idaho corn maze
Red Bull does NOT give you wings, $13.5m lawsuit says so
Thousands of spiders 'bleed out of the walls' and force family from home
Backpacker brings back 3 inch leech from Vietnam - up her nose
66 Căn hộ RiverGate-151 Bến Vân Đồn Quận 4:Bảng Giá,PTTT
Seniors Orgy in Belgium, 7 deaths.
We can send humans back to space ... if we fund Elon Musk instead of Nasa
Ukrainians Are Throwing Politicians In Trash Cans For The #TrashBucket Challenge
Jesse Jackson Claims Racism: "Why Is Black Ebola Patient The Only One To Die?"
TIL a 2005 study taught capuchin monkeys the value of money using small silver coins. During one experiment, a monkey was observed trading a coin for sex. The monkey who received the coin promptly traded it for a grape.
What It's Like to Carry Your Nobel Prize through Airport Security
Army expert removes grenade lodged in Alabama man's leg
4,000 U.S. troops expected to battle Ebola in West Africa
Man Attacked With Pizza Slicer Inside VONS Supermarket In Glendora - CBS Los Angeles
Watch Pittsburgh Steelers vs Cleveland Browns NFL Live Football streaming online TV Link
Man on LSD breaks into homes demanding a sandwich and trip to McDonald's
Thousands of brown recluse spiders oozing from walls drive family from upscale Missouri home
Dallas Ebola patient waited nearly a week for experimental drug; family claims bias
Obama is unhappy with the Internet 'fast lane' plan proposed by the ex-cable lobbyist he tapped to run the FCC
Dwarf given colouring book in restaurant by waitress
Runaway cows shot dead by armed police during seven-hour stand-off
Final cow found dead following seven-hour standoff which saw marksmen shoot two escaped cows in Norwich
Denmark to pursue a ban on sex with animals
After-dark clown sightings trouble California city
Watch John Cleese Insult Taylor Swift's Cat to Her Face
Hitler was a meth addict, report reveals
'Naked rambler' Stephen Gough jailed for Asbo breach
Essex Council refers FOI request to Fox Mulder
Dwarf on date with Fiancè given coloring book and crayons by waitress.
Council Destroys '£400,000' Banksy After Missing its Satirical Message
Hayride accident in Maine kills teen, injures 22 others
Police: woman head butted two police officers
Australian woman kill by camel during intercourse
Anti-violence activist arrested on firearm possession charges
Man with cerebral palsy creates masterpieces with a typewriter.
Australian Woman Killed By Amorous Camel
Greg Abbott: Texas gay marriage ban reduces out-of-wedlock births
Another clown sighting reported, but unconfirmed by police
Infant Hurt After Being Trapped Under Dead Father
Police Dogs Can Now Uncover Child Porn by Sniffing Out Electronic Devices
Goodyear police: Patient drove stolen ambulance home
My boyfriend sold my soul to a Twitter click farm
Comedy club uses iPad facial recognition to charge by the laugh
Pope Francis given surprise lecture on the joys of sexual intimacy
Man charged for having sex with chicken and killing it..... Again.
Burglar caught because he had sex with a TEDDY BEAR during break-in - leaving his DNA behind for police to check
Ebola Victim's Family Blames Hospital and State
Votre organisation - magica games productive edition
Man charged for having sex with chicken & killing it..... Again !
Police in California city responding to callers who report creepy clowns on streets after dark
Drink driver fled from police on tractor
Motorcyclist dies after crashing into falling tree
Who Is Kevin Smith Playing In LEGO Batman 3? Hint: It's Kevin Smith.
Why You Shouldn't Envy the Life Of A Billionaire | "Mark Zuckerberg will never get to bum around a foreign country. He can do other things most people can't, like charter jets to fly him to foreign countries. But success has taken a lot of the serendipity out of his life."
Nephew of Ebola Patient Thomas Duncan: He Didn't 'Stand a Chance' Because He's Black
Now-Pregnant Teens Who Left Austria To Join ISIS Admit They Made A Mistake
Red Bull pays $13million compensation because it doesn't give you wings
Police at Eagles-Giants game searching for stolen prosthetic leg
Fear of Vaccines Goes Viral
ISIS, Ebola and Nicolas Cage: Is the end of the world near?
Schumacher Accepts Blame For Batnipples In Batman And Robin
Miracle Fails, Mutt Chief Dies of Poison in Belgaum Village
Woman sentenced to be jailed walks out front door of courthouse.
Got something to share? Let us know! available on the iPhone AppStore newsmap Phish Fan Crawls Through Sewers For 2 Days To Evade Cops
The Australian's Media Editor Goes To Uni "Undercover"; Is Outraged That Media Degrees Are Teaching Media Students About The Media | Junkee
LEGO Batman 3: Beyond Gotham DLC pack contains Conan O'Brien, others
New Zealand woman escapes being sent to jail - by walking out the front door of the courthouse.
Red Bull awards $13 million to its customers for not giving them wings
Man Throws Smoke Bomb at Diners and Escapes Through Subway Hatch
Jailed woman walks out front door of courthouse
Australia's Prime Minister says coal is "good for humanity"
Comedy club charges per laugh with facial recognition system
Google Maps uses camels for Street View in the desert
Danny Devito to be in One Direction music video
Pay Per Laugh: Comedy Club Uses Facial Recognition Software To Charge By Laughs
Eating poop pills cures diarrhea.
Backpacker had 3-inch-long leech living up her nose
Chaos at Camden Town Hall as High Court bailiffs seize council computers to repay debt to resident
John McCain panders to WWE wrestling fans
crowdtesters, crowdtesting, crowdsourced testing, crowdsourced testers, crowdsourcing, software testing
Official aims to outlaw warm beer in Vietnam
Tesla Reveals the D Hinted at In Much-Talked-About Tweet
British woman returns from South East Asia with leech living in her nose
Gay Republican congressional candidate accused of sexual harassment
Little boy lost finds his mother using Google Earth
Woman finds three-inch leech up her nose after trip to South-East Asia
Thai Authorities To Promote 'Martial Law Tourism'
Giant squid attacks Greenpeace submarine
Kindergarten teacher quits job to become professional twerker
A Flock Too Stubborn for Even Putin to Control
Police Tell Wrong Parents Their Son Died
Penelope cruz: sexiest woman alive.
The Prime Minister Of Finland Blames Apple For His Country's Economic Problems
Ballet heels found on overstock
Ad Blames GOP Budget Cuts For Ebola Outbreak
Someone Drew A Penis On A Banksy Mural And The Police Are Now Investigating
RedBull sued for not giving wings and now is giving away $10 for free or a free drink
Prime Minister Tony Abbott vows to 'shirtfront' Russian president Vladimir Putin at Brisbane G20 summit
Naomi Campbell congratulates 'malaria' for Nobel Peace Prize
Psychologist: Pistorius a broken man
Smart battery tells you when it's about to explode
Phish Fan Crawls Through Sewers For 2 Days To Evade Cops
Chris Brown claims Ebola is a 'form of population control'
This odd world: East Java artist weds fairy
Three Cows Die After Tense 7-Hour Standoff With Police
Crowdfunded Electronic Blow Job Machine Opens European Headquarters
Watching Porn at the Office: 'Extremely Common'
Boy kills mom with hammer, loses virginity to her dead body
Police Find Prosthetic Leg Stolen By Eagles Fans
Vietnam vet's prosthetic leg stolen at Philadelphia Eagles game
Dozens of clowns "terrorising" people at night in Wasco, California
Erick Erickson: "Fat lesbians got all the ebola dollars"
Denmark plans bestiality ban to curb the rise of animal sex tourism
Police are looking for a woman who took a vet's prosthetic leg.
Disgruntled employee takes off with Wyoming train
PSU Student who Made Threats Claims it was "just a prank"
Redskins fan wears red face and headdress to Redskins game
Subprime autos are the next crisis - 'People are buying cars they shouldn't be', and lenders are putting starter interruptor device inside to remotely disable the ignition when payments are behind
Microsoft is 'coaching' NFL announcers not to call the Surface an iPad
Former Liverpool schoolboy footballer Dele Adebola forced to tell fans he hasn't had Ebola
Is Ebola Obama's October surprise?
Denmark to ban sex with animals
Dracula vanquished by Ben Affleck
Innovative 3D Printed Concrete Able to Withstand Earthquakes
Philadelphia Eagles Fan Steals Disabled Veteran's Prosthetic Leg
Man arrested at exclusive nightclub for slow credit card verification.
Megadeth lead singer asks for help in finding missing mother-in-law
Couples taking sunset picture hit by train; one dead, two injured
Teen killed by bus during 'zombie slayer' ride in Idaho corn maze
Hermaphrodite snail named after marriage equality
Home remedies for itchy scalp
Flies Enjoy Beer Too, Study Finds
Finnish authorities ban the word 'whiskey' from whiskey expo name
Rabbi loses 100 lbs after "Come to Jesus" moment
Cop Cannot Believe Frisbee Golfer Doesn't Have Any Weed
Ebola vaccine research stalled by budget cuts - NIH director - RT USA
Boy Scout working on merit badge for knot tying accidentally hangs himself
"World's greatest undead party" as Minneapolis sets zombie gathering record
New species of hermaphrodite snail named in support of same-sex marriage
Did you hit my car?
The Real Lorde Sang 'I Am Lorde Ya Ya Ya' From 'South Park'
Denmark moves to ban bestiality: Controversial right to have sex with animals will be outlawed
Pet parrot that had a British accent and disappeared from owner's home returns... and speaks Spanish
Murderer finishes 30-year term, kills mother after welcome home party, police say
Drunken zombie Santa wakes in strangers' St. Paul home, police say
Woman steals veteran's prosthetic leg before Eagles-Giants game.
The Chinese like capitalism more than Americans
Pink Drill Bits Bring Complaints of Komen Tie to Fracking
New species of snail named in celebration of same-sex marriage
Dwarf stripper gets bride pregnant on her hens night
NBC's medical correspondent 'violated Ebola quarantine'
A Trip To McDonald's Ends With Woman Giving Birth In The Bathroom
Snake to blame for Kettering power outage
'The iPhone ruined my country's economy': Finnish prime minister blames Apple for destroying Nokia
Electronic Blow Job Machine Autoblow 2 Opens European Headquarters
Leandro Damião pulls own shirt in attempt to deceive referee in Brazil
Parrot missing for years returns speaking Spanish
The TSA really doesn't like it when you take your Nobel Prize in your carry on
Russian Man Steals Used Panties for His Girlfriend
Menacing clowns continue to creep out Bakersfielders over the weekend
Archer drops ISIS name, suddenly finds itself with a bunch of unsellable t-shirts
Man Still Loves Fiancée Who Tried to Have Him Killed in Murder-For-Hire Plot
"Fat Lesbians Got All the Ebola Dollars," Says Important Conservative
Snapchat says it's your fault your nude photos were leaked
Violent police 'home invasion' leads to $66K bill for victims
Red Bull does not give you wings, court rules
Parrot with British accent vanishes, returns four years later speaking Spanish
South African president wanted corruption charges dropped because corruption is a 'Western thing'
Catholic Church Says It's OK to be Gay, Sort Of
White People Are Unironically Talking About the White Experience in New PBS Documentary
Larry David Wishes He Were Young Enough to Date Jennifer Lawrence
Parrot returns after 4 years speaking Spanish
PETA slams Google for using camel to capture desert photos
Teen killed by bus at Idaho corn maze
The Man Who Smuggles Trader Joe's into Canada
Woman Buried Alive, Funeral Goers Hear Screams From The Grave
City worker hits her own parked car, files claim for damage
Jennifer Lawrence picks her own nose at the Serena Premiere
Denmark Moves to Ban Animal Sex Due to Rise in Bestiality Tourism
Talking parrot returns to owner after four years speaking Spanish
Nurse accused of killing 38 patients she found annoying
Mature Vandal Draws Penis on Prized Banksy Piece
Man Joins Chicago Marathon While Trying to Run From Police: Prosecutors
Warrant: Soccer Coach Says He Mistakenly Sent Explicit Video To Team
Teenage Boy 'lost virginity to mother's corpse' after killing her with a hammer
Texas GOP declares war on 'war on women'
Ever feel like Anti-vaxxers are trolling the world?
NBC News crew under quarantine after correspondent Dr Nancy Snyderman snuck out for soup
Radioactive Material Bought on eBay Found at Boise Apt
Turkish President Declares Lawrence of Arabia a Bigger Enemy than ISIS
Bishops push Vatican to embrace homosexuals
Nebraska teachers banned from using gender terms "boys & girls"
Prosthetic leg allegedly stolen by Eagles fan has been found
City Spends Months Debating Smoking Ban in Public Parks, Discovers Smoking Was Already Banned in Public Parks
Creepy Clowns Terrorize California Neighborhoods
Disgruntled employee steals, crashes train
Disgruntled Railroad Worker Steals Train, Rams It Into Another Train Twice
Mysterious clowns terrorizing California city.
Zuma wanted charges dropped because corruption is a 'Western thing'
Melissa Etheridge Hopes Her Cannabis-Infused Wine Hits Shelves Soon
ISIL terror suspect Tarik Hassane offered place at top UK university
Why Kale May Kill Us, So I'm Getting a Divorce.
Burger Chef Asks Female TV Reporter to Put His Meat in Her Mouth
Frozen Poop Pill Could Fight Deadly Infections
Teacher Quits To Twerk On Vine, Makes A Buttload Of Money
Patient takes wheel of ambulance in Arizona
Family looks for dog that did dad gave away to strangers on Craigslist
Frat boy almost gets away with stealing a flamingo.. until he makes a rap video about it
Sears lists swastika ring on website
Parrot with British accent was missing for years - it returned speaking Spanish
Parrot returns after missing for 4 years- now speaks Spanish
Clyde the Camel Dies from Poisoning
Woman Survived by Eating Insects and Raw Fish after getting Lost in a Rainforest for Seventeen Days : Other Top Menus : Daily Offbeat
Hunter finds naked man in the woods, records bizarre incident on video
Rampaging bull charges 2 women before Utah officer shoots it
Newly freed murderer accused of beating mother to death in Atlantic City
Judge orders NDSU students to write essays praising UND
114-Year-Old Woman Has To Lie About Age To Join Facebook
Responding to Complaints with Contact Management System
Underage guys show up drunk to bail out underage drunk friend
It's not easy to trick a five-year-old: UBC stud
It's not easy to trick a five-year-old: UBC study
Freudian View of Football: Rites, Marching Virgins
Man Joins Chicago Marathon While Trying to Run From Police
Fiery Oil-Train Derailments Prompt Calls For Less Flammable Oil
ISIS declares war on Ebola for stealing headlines - The Israeli Daily
20 Most Hilarious Pictures of Strange Singles Looking For Love Online
Robbers steal teen's cellphone, text his mom 'I'm gay'
School makes five-year-old sign contract saying she won't kill herself or others
Man walks across GTA V map to raise money for diabetic mother
California parrot that vanished for four years returns speaking Spanish: paper - Yahoo News
This Swastika Ring from Sears is Strictly For Fashion Purposes
ISIS Declares Itself Pro-Slavery
Trooper Pulls Over South Carolina Mayor, then the Mayor Pulls Over the Same Trooper.
Talking in real life is more 'awkward' than on my phone
A new land snail species named for equal marriage rights
Seven witchcraft suspects burned to death in Tanzania
A farewell to beards: Men shaving to avoid jihadist stigma in southeast Turkey
Ugly prostitutes from 5€ in Tournai, Belgium.
Feminists claim famous Times Square VJ day kiss was SEX ATTACK
Man Makes His Own Toll Road In England - Viral66
Students' necrophilia chant criticised
British parrot missing for four years returns speaking Spanish
Missing British Parrot Back - Speaking Spanish
Man died at sperm bank after fourth donation in 10 days
Russian Buddhist Poetess Sentenced for Tossing Dog Out Window
N Korea leader 'appears in public'
Burning Smell to Linger in Moscow, Authorities Say
North Korea tightens up security on Chinese border with hidden guard posts to prevent defectors from escaping the country.
Giant duck brings joy to Seoul
Talking parrot missing for 4 years found, now speaks Spanish
Tennessee Sentenced a Woman to Six Extra Years in Jail Simply Because She Was Pregnant
More Jews have joined Islamic State, French official says
Man mauled by grizzly bear, shot by hunting partner near Fernie
Twerking Teacher Quits Job for 6-Figure Salary Gyrating Online
Coast Guard Rescues Real Life Bubble Boy
Ernest Angley's church pressures women into abortion and men into vasectomies
George Campbell, sleepwalker acquitted of attempted murder, attacks again while awake
This Senate Challenger Escaped from Prison
Kindergarten teacher quits to make six figures twerking for a living
Jumbo squids attack Greenpeace submarine
Memory researchers publish a failure to replicate their own work
Julian Assange will release a Wikileaks clothing line
TV Show Declares Times Square Is At 43rd Street & 4th Avenue
Black teenagers 21 more times likely to be shot by police than white, study finds
On the Whiteness Project, white people talk about being white
Snapchat Leak Underwhelms Horny Dudes Who Wanted More Nudes
Truck containing 36,000 pounds of Crisco stolen in Florida
Three football players involved in feces-smeared money incident at Brothers
Police arrest one of 20 clowns terrorizing county in California
Pilot, distracted by bee, slides along runway
Jerry Jones: I've been instructed not to mention Johnny Manziel anymore
Report: Apple, Facebook to pay for women to freeze eggs
McDonald's Had To Hire a Fact-Checker To Prove It Serves Real Food
11-month-old infant found alive, trapped under father's body for days
Two Air France pilots were asleep before fatal 2009 crash as one woke to say 'F**k, we're dead'
This North Face Store's Floor Disappears, Forcing Startled Shoppers to Climb the Walls
Cop saves man from ants
Woman Wants To Get Paid For Hitting Her Own Car With City Van
Como Zoo Cougar Scratches Man Who Yelled At It
USDA Employee Caught Picking Up Drug Loads on the Job, Feds Say - probably works for the CIA
Korean activists upset over plans to sew the anuses of river rats shut, make them eat each other
Playboy.com goes feminist in new online strategy
Hitler was on Crystal Meth
To grow cannabis, Italy calls on its army
Pastor refuses to step down even after admitting he slept with church members while having aids
Man admits to having sex with over 700 cars
EPA cleans up radioactive material in Boise apartment
Perk Up: Facebook and Apple Now Pay for Women to Freeze Eggs
Parrot returns to British owner speaking Spanish - four years after disappearing
Parrot Missing for Four Years Shows Up Speaking Spanish
10-year-old charged with beating 90-year-old woman to death
NYPD police officer makes an arrest during stand-up comedy show and heckles comedian
Arrest made in rape of 100-year-old-woman
Parrot Missing For 4 Years Comes Home Speaking Spanish
Senior citizen gang bang kills 7
Lost US parrot switches to Spanish
Alleged Bitcoin 'creator' is crowdfunding his lawsuit against Newsweek using Bitcoin
NYPD heckles comedian while arresting someone during his show
Cowboys' Randle arrested after stealing cologne, underwear
This new battery charges to 70% in two minutes, and lasts for 20 years
Pentagon warns the US military of climate change
NYPD heckles comedian during arrest
NYPD Heckles Comedian During Arrest at Stand-Up Set
Man Arrested for 'Aggressive' Mopping
Teenagers awaken to find drunken zombie Santa asleep on their living room couch.
Southington Man Arrested After Mopping Incident At Bristol Hotel
Netherlands says OK for biker gangs to fight Islamic State
Scientists agree: Coffee naps are better than coffee or naps alone
Dream beach house built on wrong lot
Ebola threatens world chocolate supply.
Joe Biden: Gun Control Movement Needs Another High-Profile Victim
Lawmakers, pastors and citizens gather to criticize Islam
Chicago Blackhawks Use Technology to Create On-Ice Pregame Introduction Video
Elizabeth City magistrate turns away same-sex couple
AvtoVAZ's Lada Kalina Design Deemed Hazard for Cats
Chris Brown Has Theory On Ebola Outbreak, Twitter Responds
Three-Inch Leech Lived Up Backpacker's Nose For A Month
Donkeys get married to protest donkeys getting married
NFL Running back arresting for shoplifting. Among the items stolen were underwear and a bottle of cologne called 'Guilty Black'.
An NFL running back has been arresting for shoplifting. Among the items stolen were underwear and a bottle of cologne called 'Guilty Black'.
Cowboys RB arrested for shoplifting cologne and underwear
Nurse Accused Of Killing 38 Patients Because She Found Them "Annoying"
Man had sex with 700 cars
Man who has had sex with over 700 cars reveals first physical loving experience with a Volkswagen Beetle
Chris Brown Thinks Ebola Is a Form of Population Control
African-American NFL Player Arrested for Shoplifting "Gucci Guilty Black" Cologne
'Plump my ride': luxury car makers create bigger cars for fat drivers
London Mayor Boris Johnson: I can drink 'awful lot' at lunch and then carry on with work
New Jersey High School Football Team Forcibly Stuck Fingers in Teammates' Butts
Smoker's legs are 'nearly torn off' after e-cigarette EXPLODES 'like a grenade'
Heartless Couple Sells Home, Throws in Son's Cat for an Extra $140,000
California parrot that vanished for four years returns speaking Spanish
Netherlands says OK for biker gangs to fight ISIS
Tiffany the cat is worth $140,000. No kitten around.
Report: Hitler was on crystal meth
Why the Decline of Golf is Good News for the Environment
Louisiana: Student who had threesome with his 2 teachers crushed that they could go to jail
Hitler was 'a regular user of crystal meth', American Military Intelligence dossier reveals
Police Hunt Transvestite Robber, Feces-Smeared Partner
Men Arrested For Smuggling Cocaine Inside an Xbox
Three Footballers involved in Poo Dollar Incident
Google Glass user treated for internet addiction caused by the device
A home buyer refused to close the deal of a $2.2m Australian house unless he could also have their cat, Tiffany. The buyer eventually paid out $140,000 for the cat and $2.2m for the hous.
Man arrested for mopping aggressively
A home buyer refused to close the deal on a $2.2m Australian family's house unless he could also have their son's cat, Tiffany. The buyer eventually paid out $2.2m for the house and $140,000 for the cat
Candidate for Burnaby mayor promises to ban kissing, holding hands in public
Clinton Charges University $225,000 for Speech on High Cost of Tuition
Melbourne family sells pet cat for $140,000 in deal to sell House.
China Piracy Problem Is Solved, Sohu CEO Says: Mipcom
Qualifier Halted After Player Tries to Pull Drone Out of Sky
Sears removes swastika ring for sale from website. The item was listed under the 'men's punk rock style' jewelry collection.
Here's how Ebola could threaten the world's chocolate supply
U.S. Observes 'World Standards Day' on Non-Standard Day
A missing parrot with a British accent returns home after 4 years speaking Spanish
Man Attacked by Bear Then Shot by Friend
Rep. Steve Stockman Wonders If Obama Is Using Ebola To Take Over Government
Apple and Facebook are now paying for women employees to freeze their eggs
Jughead Ain't Got Time To Bleed: Archie & Dark Horse Announce 'Archie Meets Predator'
Paul Ryan skeptical on climate change
Feds: That's no dwarf, that's a criminal
Video Gamers Are Having A Bizarre Debate Over Whether Sending Death Threats To Women Is A Serious Issue Or Not
British parrot returns after four years - now speaks Spanish.
Yelm man, Edward Smith, tells Brit TV: I've had sex with 700 cars
Apple, Facebook will pay for female employees to freeze their eggs
'I Would Love To See My Meat In Your Mouth,' Burger Joint Owner Tells Female Reporter
Serbia v Albania suspended after 'drone' sparks brawl
Broccoli May Hold The Secret To Autism.
White House quietly strips emoji from Buzzfeed-like millennial report
Google Glass Addiction? Doctors Report First Case of Disorder
Parrot Disappears for Four Years, Returns Home Fluent in Spanish
$20K Hermès Birkin bags 'smell like marijuana'
Uber calls what amounts to a 2-hour kidnapping an "inefficient route"
Lab-grown penises soon ready for testing on human men
Ocean-front home built on wrong lot
Man walks across GTA 5 map for charity
New Florida Million-Dollar Home Has Nice View, but Built on Wrong Lot
Thailand to invite tourists to experience martial law
Ice bucket fail: Teens charged in urine-bucket prank
Burnaby mayoral candidate would ban public kissing, hand-holding
Lakewood 911 Audio: "I've been hard for five days" (xpost from r/911Calls)
Bono apologizes for putting U2's new album in everyone's iCloud library
Jimmy John's Makes Low-Wage Workers Sign Noncompete Agreements
Student arrested for flamingo theft creates online fundraiser
Teen Who Bragged About Threesome With His Teachers "Feels Really Bad"
Cops: Teen Wiped Himself With Cash In The Bathroom, Used It To Pay Restaurant Tab
Police: Teen left feces-smeared money at restaurant
'White boy' Biden calls tea party 'crazy'
Naked Woman In Tree Gets Meth Dealer Arrested
Cebu man held for 'rape' attempt on dog
Naked woman in tree leads to meth dealer arrested
Facebook & Apple offer to pay for female employees to freeze their eggs
Boy Scout trying to earn knot tying badge dies in accidental hanging
Drunken Zombie Santa Arrested After Invading St. Paul Home
C.I.A. Study Says Arming Rebels Seldom Works
American killed in fierce camel attack
Animal Rights Activist's Rant In San Francisco Restaurant Against Eating Meat
Man claims to have had sex with 700 cars, a helicopter, and one woman.
$680,000 home built on wrong lot
Whites are more supportive of voter ID laws when shown photos of black people voting
Man who slept with 700 cars tells his story to entertained breakast TV hosts.
City Cyclists Wear Car Skeletons to Show How Bikes Save Space
Police Will Seize Your Money and Spend it on Clowns
Josh Brolin's brother spotted digging through trash.
Dutch Biker Gang Members Who Joined Kurds To Fight ISIS Get Green Light From Public Prosecutor
Vegetables: Are they the new bacon? José Andrés and other chefs think so.
Hayrides not regulated by state or federal authorities
Couple restores trashed frat house to its former glory
Florida man arrested by impatient cop as credit card verification stalls at nightclub
SAA to introduce virginity testing on Swazi flights
Man's leg stolen outside Eagles game
NYC Rats Are Even Grosser Than You Thought, Study Finds
NFL hires Katy Perry to permanently destroy Super Bowl halftime show | Communities Digital News
Serbia v Albania abandoned following mass brawl after drone flies over stadium carrying Albanian flag
Match in Belgrade Abandoned: Albanian fans fly Drone in Middle of Field
Three weeks later, the F train condom is still hanging there
Vicious POODLE byte attack rips apart encrypted HTTPS
How meta: Paper on errors retracted for "too many stupid mistakes"
At 113, Woman Lies About Her Age So She Can Join Facebook
Cops: Man masturbated with stuffed animal at Walmart in Brooksville
7 Dead during Orgy for people over 65 years old in Belgium
Russian Diplomat Says Putin Would Win Wrestling Match With Australia's Prime Minister
Man arrested for 'taking cleaner's mop and aggressively mopping hotel floor'
Hong Kong Police 'Take Turns Kicking Handcuffed Protestor' On The Ground
Berlin robbers hand back uncool mobile phone
Putin awarded FINA prize for his contribution to brotherhood between nations
Honest Trailer Of Fight Club - Viral66
People play this sport underwater! How?!
Richard Dawkins: Religion isn't the problem in the Middle East
Man arrested for 'aggressively mopping floor'
Fox trashes pub after falling down chimney
Google Glass Withdrawal Symptoms Worse Than Alcohol?
Man arrested for aggressively mopping hotel floor
Man who takes a picture of his penis every day for five years is the only thing you need to see on the internet today
114-year-old woman had to lie to join Facebook
Top performing Saudi teachers to be given luxury cars
Navarro College in U.S rejects Nigerian applicants over Ebola
Brother of Albania Prime Minister Edi Rama 'Flew Drone' into Belgrade Football Stadium
Posted: October 13, 2014 Nurse Kills 38 Patients Because They Annoyed Her - Takes Selfies With Their Corpses
Nurse Kills 38 Patients Because They Annoyed Her -- Takes Selfies With Their Corpses
Michigan couple's threesome goes awry, results in meat-flinging choke attack
Schoolgirl beats up attacker after he grabs her in a park
Man Treated for Google Glass Addiction
Sears Under Fire For Swastika Ring
Union Lobbyists Substitute-Teach for One Day, Get $1 Million Pensions
Russian Lawmakers Will Debate Legislation Against Back Tattoos for Women
Indian City Becomes First Vegetarian City in the World!
NUS Votes Against Condemning Islamic State - Because It Would Be 'Islamophobic'
Man crashes into DMV wall in Seaside...during his drive test.
Teen intentionally gets penalties to masturbate in penalty box, mom complains in Dear Prudence column for advice.
China asks foreign media to report Hong Kong unrest 'objectively'
Police: Man tried to get out of DWI using Mountain Dew
Parrot Missing for 4 Years Returns Speaking Spanish
Man with daughter naked in woods claimed he was testing her resistance to cold
Man Masturbated With Stuffed Animal in Walmart: Cops
NUS will condemn Israel and Ukip but not Isis
Kurdish Report of ISIS' New Weapon Strategy Is So Disturbing Some Say It's Made Up
GOP official wonders why military hasn't launched coup against "domestic enemy" Barack Obama
Florida Man Masturbated With Stuffed Animal in Walmart: Cops
Washington man says he's had sex with 700 cars
How Flammable is your child's Halloween costume?
Ebola.com owner wants to sell domain name for $150,000
Thieves Allegedly Steal Teen's Phone, Text 'I'm Gay' To His Mom
Chinese Officials Probe Anuses of 10,000 Pigeons for Bombs
Police: Florida man masturbated into Walmart stuffed animal
Report: Conn. man arrested for "aggressive mopping"
Dutch Biker Gang calls WAR on ISIS'
Dennis Rodman anoints J.R. Smith as the new Dennis Rodman
First case of Google Glass addiction reported
This Guy Emailed His Boss Asking For A $10,000 Pay Rise And CC'd In 200,000 Co-Workers
Could Ebola virus become 'bioterrorist threat'?
Man refuses to take down Obama tombstone
Reddit's owner calls woman a C**t and b***h, also threatens physical harm.
Flight Attendants Sue FAA to Reinstate Cellphone Ban
Police: Drunken Santa zombie enters St. Paul home
Hitler was on Meth when he ruled over Germany
'Family Feud' contestant didn't expect his wife to bring his penis into it
Ex Latin King Gang-Member-Turned-HassidicRabbi Busted for Posing as Cop
I'm feminist, and converted to Islam
Neil Young decries war on ISIS over environmental concerns
Australia's prime minister threatens to body-slam Russia's Putin
ABBYY Discount 62% Off
Guy In Alaska Skips Rocks On A Frozen Lake, Has Mind Blown By 'Coolest Sound Ever'
Kirk Cameron won't let Islamic hackers stop him from saving Christmas
Mixing dead rabies virus and Ebola to create vaccine.
6 Castles That Cost Less Than An Appartment In NYC
Convicted gangbanger claiming to be Hasidic rabbi arrested for impersonating cop
'Escaped crocodile' was inflatable toy, police discover
Putin Vows to Protect Polar Bear Habitat as Russia Militarizes Arctic
Professional Clown Club Attacks 'American Horror Story' Over Murderous Character; says it's contributing to "clown fear."
Colorado Black Bear Trashes Car in Search of Treats
American killed by camel at Mexico beach resort
Professional Clown Club Attacks 'American Horror Story' Over Murderous Character
Nurse Kills 38 Patients Because They Annoyed Her
This School Has Bikes Instead Of Desks--And It Turns Out That's A Better Way To Learn
Man Has Sex With 700 Cars?!
Comedy Club Charges By The LAUGH!
No One Wants to Rent Hitler's Birthplace in Austria
Soccer coach resigns after his players chant Ebola jokes at West African team
Michelle Obama dances with a turnip.
Ball State football embroiled in poop dollar scandal
Houston To Host World's First Museum Dedicated To The Private Prison Industry
113-Year-Old Woman Lies About Her Age So She Can Join Facebook
Vladimir Putin's Siberian tiger has 'strayed into China and eaten five chickens
Man stabs two on Happy Drive, kills puppy on the same day
Teen Feels Bad His Bragging Over Teacher-Threesome Got Them Arrested
Self-defence class 'mistaken' for jihad training in France
Floridian, 19, Arrested For Lewd Act With Stuffed Animal Inside Walmart Store
Drone sparks fight at Balkan soccer match
Serbia-Albania match abandoned after drone sparks violent brawl
Marin judge orders Lowe's Home Centers to pay $1.6 million settlement over 2X4 dimensions.
University of British Columbia pedestrian staircase captures third car in two weeks.
Italy lifts out of recession thanks to hookers, drugs
Professional scary clowns upset with American Horror Story's scary clown
Man accused of harassing teens by dropping sex toys
Reno casino con man duped the CIA and pulled one of the 'most dangerous hoaxes' in American history
Michelle Obama: 'Turnip for What?'
A Poop Bank in Massachusetts Will Pay You $40 Every Day
Vladimir Putin's Tiger Invades China
Police: Man charged with sex act on stuffed horse inside Walmart
A £100 reward has been offered to capture vandals who cut down a tree at 4am in a busy shopping area.
Camel kills man for refusing to give it Coca-Cola.
'The Whiteness Project': Buffalo residents talk about struggles of being white (video)
Glastonbury 2015: Festival bans sale of Native American headdresses
Hitler with an Afro T-shirt in Montreal boutique Hadio offends shopper
Former Latin Kings member who appears to have become a rabbi accused of impersonating police
Fourth car this month stuck on stairs at UBC
Maths whizz uses trigonometry to prove hot air balloon caused fatal pig stampede
NYC rats are infected with at least 18 new viruses, according to scientists
Facebook Alternative 'ReaganBook' Is Back, Now Rebranded As 'FreedomBook'
20% of Homicides committed by Police
18-year-old Dynamitejones arrested for home invasion
Professional clowns accuse 'American Horror Story' of promoting 'clown fear'
Ad With Boobs On The Side Of Trucks Causes 500 Accidents In 24 Hours
Steve Nash hurt his back carrying his bags
Dying man's last request to get advanced screening of upcoming 'Hobbit' movie
Camel At Mexican Monkey Sanctuary Kills Wildlife Park Owner Because He Didn't Give Him His Daily Can Of Coca-Cola
Advert featuring woman's breasts causes 500 accidents in a DAY among Moscow's distracted male drivers - before being impounded by police
Seven Elderly Die In Orgy
(Coach Byron) Scott: Lakers PG Steve Nash hurts back carrying bags
Deal comforted by the scientific fact that 'water kills the Ebola virus'
Professional clown advocacy group, Clowns of America International, are upset with American Horror Story for propagating "clown hate".
Kiss those public displays of affection goodbye, vows Burnaby mayoral candidate
County official: No 'ill intent' after calling for military coup against Obama
Oklahoma unveils new death chamber
Facebook and Apple offer $20,000 to freeze eggs for female staff: reports
If you have purchased a Red Bull since 2002, Red Bull owes you $10
Facebook's Egg Freezing Policy Isn't an Evil Plot
National Bullying Prevention Month Ruined by Snoop-Iggy Azalea Beef
Royals head to World Series after sweeping Orioles in ALCS
Students: Transgender Woman Can't Be Diversity Officer Because She's a White Man Now
Cornell gives deer tubal ligations, everything goes wrong
Lost Students Not Among Bodies Found in Mexico, Officials Say
Right-wing Jimmy John's forbids employees from making competitors' sandwiches for two years
Electric fan delays Florida governor debate
FL GOV debate "extremely peculiar situation"
'Putin's Tiger' Goes on Rampage, Killing 5 Chinese Chickens
Family of Thomas Eric Duncan says his death from Ebola is 'racially motivated'
Man sues over pink panties after colonoscopy
[Florida] Gov. Scott refuses to take stage because of fan
URGENT: ISIS threatens to invade Rome and fly its flag over the Vatican - Iraqi News
Erykah Badu Only Made Four Dollars Singing For Money In Times Square
Pat Robertson: Hollywood is going to force us to watch homosexuals until Jesus comes back
Dutch motorcycle gang joins fight against Islamic State in Iraq
School bans murderous swing sets because of bad math
CDC: Woman with Ebola shouldn't have flown commercially
School replaces all of its desks with exercise bikes
Former Chicagoan killed in camel attack in Mexican refuge
TIL being white keeps you from dying from Ebola
Afroman Releases 'Because I Got High' Remake to Support Pot Legalization
Advert of woman's breasts causes 500 car crashes in just 24 hours
If you thought Florida politics was weird before...
Advertising campaign with woman's boobs on a truck caused 500 road accidents in 24 hours
People In London Actually Signed Away First-Born Children For Free WiFi
Ozzy Osbourne: "I really love being sober"
man accused of throwing burrito at worker
From Ghana: Ebola is not real and the only people who have gotten sick are those who got shots from the red cross
Cleaning Lady Throws Away Expensive Modern Art Because She Thought It Was Trash
US man killed by camel at Mexican wildlife park when denied its Coca-Cola drink
Italy Just Pulled Out of Recession Because It Began Counting Drug and Prostitution Revenue
Royals fan Paul Rudd invites fans to mom's house for party
Rick Scott, Charlie Crist Florida debate gets off to bizarre start over rogue fan
NUS motion to condemn Isis fails amidst claims of islamophobia
Erykah Badu sings for money, Makes less than $4
Drone, banner force end to Euro soccer qualifier
Man Arrested for Alleged Aggressive Floor Mopping
Six-year-old Turns into Wild Boar
Governor Rick Scott refuses to take the stage during a debate because his opponent has a fan under his podium.
Talking Parrot Missing for Four Years Returns...Speaking Spanish
CDC: You Can Give-But Can't Get-Ebola on a Bus
Florida governor debate begins with fight over Charlie Crist's fan
Doctors treat man addicted to Google Glass
Missing African parrot returns home after 4 years - speaking Spanish
Man arrested for throwing burrito at assisted living employee
Rick Scott Refuses to Debate Charlie Crist Because of a Small Fan
Fax Machines Are Our Future, Says Abbott
Chicago Holds Top Spot on Rattiest Cities List
Don't Call Me A Basic B*tch -- I Can Love Pumpkin Spice Lattes and Still Be Extraordinary
Newark Boy Speaking At Anti-Violence Event Interrupted By Nearby Gunfire
Onlookers gather as giant yellow duck arrives in Seoul
Teen Arrested For Tipping Waitress With Feces-covered Money
First case of Google Glass addiction confirmed: study
Putin: Europe Losing Fight Against Nazism
More Americans using mobile devices to access Internet
Pat Robertson Says "Hollywood is going to force us to watch homosexuals until Jesus comes back."
Man treated for internet addiction 'caused by Google Glass'
'Who is unprotected clipboard dude?': Man without hazmat suit transfers Dallas Ebola patient onto CDC plane (VIDEO)
Feminist cancels USU talk after guns allowed despite death threat
TN woman jailed over failing to do yardwork
Rick Scott Almost Refused To Debate Charlie Crist Over A Fan
Giants briefed on Ebola ahead of trip to Dallas for Cowboys game
Italian Scientists Appeal Absurd Conviction for Quake Deaths | WIRED
Capitalize words the easy way in iOS 8 - CNET
Finland censors Ron de Jeremy rum so buyers wouldn't think it makes them have sex
"It's a terrible company": Comcast not welcome in city, council says
Fat Jew Finds Migrant Workers In LA To Recreate 'Braveheart' Battle Scene
Watch Out, ISIS, Dutch Biker Gangs Are Coming for You
Spider burrowed into appendix scar, crawled through WA man's body
Fire Crews Save Marijuana Harvest [Dog Found]
Croydon Hospital leaves human teeth embedded in man's leg after bizarre iPad trampoline incident
Bush: God told me to invade Iraq
Top Chinese umbrella exporter files for Hong Kong IPO as city protests continue
Nigeria Has Successfully Contained Ebola, US Hopes To Learn From Their Response
Florida Governor Rick Scott Nearly Refused to Debate Charlie Crist Because of an Electric Fan
Ukraine Femen Activist Fined for Topless Attack on Wax Putin Statue
Florida Governor debate fails to kick off due to an argument over a small electric fan being on stage.
Mother Who Choked & Bit Her 9-Year-Old Son For Farting Gets Probation
Crash victim calls driver's lawyer 'hillbilly moron'
Obama, New World Order Using Chemtrails to Spread Ebola
North Korea says 'nothing to hide' on human rights record
NFL Defensive Tackle Gerald McCoy Criticized for Showing Good Sportsmanship
Man sues after waking up in women's underwear
DEA: Bowie man bought Rita's Italian Ice in Fells Point to launder drug money
Poor Man Endlessly Assaulted By Street Fighter Quotes
Star Wars mystery solved by University of Nottingham's X-ray scanne
Some idiot created a new stupid way to do a selfie and people actually give a shit
The problem with the west's Ebola response is still fear of a black patient
'Clipboard Man' Without a Hazmat Suit at Ebola Flight
Kentucky, Ex-Gay Pastor Rapes Boy, Threatens Him with "Warlock Powers" If He Snitches
High Hitler? The Nazi leader was secretly addicted to crystal meth, says new documentary
Mexico: Camel Attack Kills American
Hitler and Lover Eva Braun 'Had Sex without Touching or Getting Naked'
18-Year-Old Dies Attempting Beach Birthday Selfie
Hitler High On Crystal Meth During World War II
"In fact, political hostility toward the opposition is acceptable, even appropriate," the political scientists discovered. Comments in the article immediately prove them right.
Del. Man Sues after Awaking in Women's Underwear
Marathon Runner Won't Let Allergy to Exercise Hold Her Back
Mayo invading fan: 'It wouldn't have happened if the game had been played in Croke Park'
Gay man William Craig cleared of rape attempt on woman
Morning Break: Hysteria More Contagious than Ebola
High Hitler: Nazi leader was a meth addict, says new documentary
Terror accused planned to buy 'sausage' from firearms dealer, court hears
Fish that have been living in car pulled from Merrimack River returned to river before vehicle towed
Yes, That's An Upside Down D.C. Flag On Your Voter Guide
Furious Camel Bites American to Death in Mexico Over Can of Coca-Cola
Teen pleasures himself with stuffed toy inside Florida Wal-Mart
Apple and Facebook offer to freeze eggs for female employees
Woman fights off groper with face punch
Latin King gang member turned Hasidic rabbi arrested for impersonating cop
Don't 'wing it': How to get your $10 Red Bull refund
John Grisham Sticks Up for 60-Year-Old Guys Who Download Child Porn
Love in the Time of Ebola: Single Male Seeks "Fertile" Apocalypse Companion
Moscow Boob Ads Cause 517 Car Accidents in 24 Hours
France gives China 12m-high fire-breathing dragon robot to celebrate anniversary of diplomatic ties
Delaware man sues after waking up from surgery in pink panties
Venmo Froze This Woman's Account Because She Typed the Name "Ahmed"
Delaware man sues surgical center after waking up in pink women's underwear
ISIS Launches New Push to Put Pants on Goats
Bali spider burrows under Aussie's chest
Chinese Politician Says Kung Fu Movies Show Why Umbrella Protesters Must Be Stopped
If You Have Venmo and Try to Pay Anyone Named Ahmed, Your Account Is Going to Be Frozen
Man who won 3.7 million dollar lotto wants "fist fight" with EBOLA virus
Drunk Chinese woman downs vodka, goes swimming and passes out, wakes up 50 miles downstream
Tomatoes found growing in human sewage on a railway line in Essex
Florida Gov. Rick Scott stalls debate over opponent's fan
Idaho Man, 52, Arrested For Battering Female Victim With A Burrito
Astronomers detect Uranus-like Planet
There was a WHAT living WHERE?
Justin Bieber 'told off' during visit to Vatican
We're going to execute a man who subpoenaed Jesus while representing himself in a purple cowboy suit
Jennifer Lawrence Calls Gluten-Free Diets the 'New, Cool Eating Disorder'
Woman Falls Behind On Yard Work - Gets Sent To Jail
Man Found an Odd Mark on His Body. When It Grew, He Went to the Doctor & Got an Unnerving Diagnosis.
'Dead gran' text message stuns family
High school student sues school district after caught cheating. "she is concerned that the poor mark she received will hurt her chances of getting into college."
'Gay cure' pastor rapes teen, threatens him with 'warlock powers' if he talks (x-post /r/LGBT)
Wannabe Playboy Model In Ecstasy Trafficking Bust
She didn't know she was pregnant and gave birth to... TWINS!
'Gay cure' pastor rapes teen, threatens him with 'warlock powers' if he talks
South Shields woman's 'text from the grave' shock
Some Fear Ebola Outbreak Could Make Nation Turn to Science
Facebook Deleted Accounts of Native Americans On Columbus Day For Having 'Fake Names'
Single Male Seeks 'Fertile' Ebola-pocalypse Companion on Craigslist
Jennifer Lawrence angers group by calling gluten-free diet 'new, cool eating disorder'
Former Italian PM Berlusconi unaware dancer he paid for sex was underage: court
A hacker used prostitution recruiting site to perform sex audition (in Russian, no English source sorry)
Florida woman arrested after shooting at snake on school grounds
58 per cent of the Warframe dev is now owned by a chicken meat manufacturer
Drunk Santa Zombie Scares Bejesus Out of St. Paul Teens
South Carolina Governor: It's OK to have the Confederate flag at the statehouse because not "a single CEO" has complained
Faecal capsules 'may help stop gut infection'
U.S. Settles for 'Kind of Bleh' Name in Ongoing Operation Against ISIS
Domestic spy agency ASIO accidentally spies on itself
Planet resembling Uranus discovered
Florida Gov. Rick Scott stalls debate over foe's fan
FBI Director Calls on "Good People" of Apple, Google to Dump New Encryption. "Encryption threatens to lead all of us to a very dark place."
Gucci Mane mysteriously diagnosed with Ebola in prison
Australian cat adds more than 100,000 dollars in home sale value
Congress Scrutinizes Health Officials' Handling of Ebola Cases in Texas
Stephen Harper refuses to answer questions about cape
Busty Advertisement Responsible For Over 500 Car Crashes In One Day
New Staten Island 4-D Thrill Ride Will Simulate... A Subway Ride
Amar'e Stoudemire takes red wine bath to recover on his off day
Study says child birth pain not as painful as women claim
Solon schools close 2 buildings after learning staff member might have flown on plane that carried Ebola patient
John Thornton Arrested For Alleged Aggressive Mopping
What research says about cats: they're selfish, unfeeling, environmentally harmful creatures
McDonald's investigating claim of dead mouse in coffee
Company sells out of Ebola-inspired plush toy
Naked man carrying bible apprehended by Hattiesburg police
Rick Scott was late to the debate stage because of Charlie Crist and a fan. There's a backstory here.
Abbott Warns Solar Power Will Destroy Sun (I HONESTLY CAN'T TELL IF IT IS SATIRE OR NOT)
Kanye West Scores 106 Points Against Wheel Chair Basketball Team
Virgin America has produced an almost 6 hour advertising pre-roll for Youtube: a real-time experience on a fake rival airline acted out using mannequins
A Heroic World War II Nurse Is Finally Being Honored For Intentionally Giving STDs To Nazi Patients
Washington state couple chooses to raise their child species-less
Man sues for emotional distress 'after he awoke from surgery to find he was wearing pink women's underwear'
Virgin America's 6-Hour Preroll Ad Is Creepy, Warholian and Sort of Brilliant
Parents of shooting victim provide home, job to man who killed son
Stoudemire rejuvenates in wine baths
Man sues after waking from surgery wearing pink women's underwear
Police warn of marijuana candy this Halloween
SC governor defends Confederate flag at Statehouse: Not 'a single CEO' has complained
Family receives text messages from mobile buried with late gran
Sex, drugs &... Hookers, dope bring Italy out of recession
Couple gets stuck together due to suction during sex while in the ocean.
5 Reasons Why Girls With Tattoos And Piercings Are Broken
Seattle Socialist Group Pushing $20/hr Min. Wage Offers $13/hr for Web Developer
Butte police on lookout for 'My Little Pony' graffiti taggers
Giant inflatable 'sex toy' sculpture in Paris is meant to be a Christmas tree
Inklings: Mass spam student emails receive cease and desist notice for saying "Swiggity swooty i'm coming for that booty"
Ebola may be popular horror-theme among some U.S. party-goers this Halloween
Risqué swimsuit calendar prompts investigation by Utah National Guard
Seattle Socialist Group Pushing $15/Hour Minimum Wage Posts Job With $13/Hour Wage
American potato lobby seeks desperately to understand millennials
Fake ISIS Member in Tennessee Thinks the Group Is Called ISSI
Spider burrows into scar, tunnels through man's body
Apple enthusiasts stunned after discovering champion "apple" was actually a pumpkin
Lawsuit: Man Woke From Colonoscopy Wearing Pink Panties
Senate Control Could Come Down To Whole Foods vs. Cracker Barrel
Mom wants Toys R Us to pull 'Breaking Bad' toys
US patient sues after waking from surgery in pink undies
Joe Biden's Son Hunter Kicked Out of Navy for Drug Use
Lenoir City woman sent to jail for having a messy yard
Ghana doctor proves Ebola is a hoax
Rick Scott Refuses To Appear On Debate Stage Because Charlie Crist Has A Banned Electronic Fan
Obama to Appoint "Ebola Czar"
Ebo-Lie: Man Living In Ghana Confirms Ebola Is A Hoax!
Teacher charged with making crystal meth draws 'Breaking Bad' comparison
Arkansas AG candidate: kids' smart phones "are the devil"
New York Knicks Player Takes Baths In Red Wine To Help Repair Knee
Weed Protects You From Ebola
Biden's Son Hunter Discharged From Navy Reserve After Failing Cocaine Test
Woman's pet rabbit on the lam in New London area
Remorseful bank robber waits for police after heist
Did Van Halen Cause Ebola? One Parent Thinks So
13-year-old Australian girl says she got what she deserved after getting bitten by shark.
In Australia, Curiosity® Really Will Kill Feral Cats
These Boobs Caused 517 Car Accidents
Virgin Australia buys out budget airline Tiger Australia for $1
Joe Biden to black crowd: This 'white boy' says tea party is 'crazy'
Racial connotations over black sheep prompts changes to Baa Baa Black Sheep at Victorian kinders
Smoking Marijuana Can Protect You From Ebola
Pretty law student becomes well-known worldwide after escaping N Korea
Now We Know What Killed The Ancient 'Ice Princess,' And Why She Had That Marijuana
Man accused of bringing hatchet to school: 'It seemed like a good idea at the time'
Courtney Love: 'All of Billy Corgan's hits are about me'
20 year old Pakistani girl was trafficked to the UK at age 10, kept as slave in cellar by wealthy UK couple and repeatedly raped for last ten years to receive just £100,000 "The Ashars must also pay £321,000 towards the cost of their trials"
3D Face Plush Toy
British family gets text from dead granny
Spider Lived Inside Man's Body For Three Days, Burrowing Into His Skin
School fight between teacher, student caught on camera
Vancouver Mayoral Candidate Vows to Ban Public Displays of Affection (including hand-holding and bridal kisses), Wants to Abolish School Board, Claims The Government Holds No Power.
A movie about black people called White People
Pregnant Iowa woman in labor forced to ground at gunpoint by cops for speeding on way to hospital
Vancouver Mayoral Candidate Pledges to Ban Public Forms of Affection, Including Hand-holding, if chosen.
Drunk zombie Santa falls asleep in St. Paul home
Australian spookhaus busted for warrantless tap of own phones
Asian singles find love matches for their dogs
Courtney Love & Dave Grohl bury hatchet with $10K and strippers
Royals want Lorde to perform Royals
Butt plug or art? Paul McCarthy's latest piece looks like a sex toy
Ceci n'est pas un plug anal
Thailand Official: Martial Law Is Good For Tourists
Suspended for Not Using a Racial Slur
British family shocked at text from dead grandmother
Jenny McCarthy Preaches New 'Goating' Fad, Says To Eat Candy While Still In The Wrapper
Advert of woman's breasts posted on side of van causes 500 car crashes in 24 hours
FCC Commissioner: Butt-Dialing Is Taxing 911
Giant inflatable sex toy is meant to be a Christmas tree.
Pope Francis allows Sistine Chapel to be rented out for private corporate event
Louis Vuitton Outlet,Louis Vuitton Outlet Store,Louis Vuitton Outlet Online
James Cameron Says He's Not A Dick Anymore
Smiling black woman next to Corbett on his website was Photoshopped Read more at http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/attytood/Report-Smiling-black-woman-next-to-Corbett-on-his-website-was-Photoshopped.html#UmI8PH0hYIoOv2K3.99
Smiling black woman next to Corbett on his website was Photoshopped
British Jihadists Could Face Treason Trials
Breasts ads on Moscow vans cause 500 accidents in 24 hours Breasts ads on Moscow vans cause 500 accidents in 24 hours Read more at: http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/boob-adverts-moscow-vans-500-accidents-24-hours/1/396052.html
Russian premier questions Obama's mental state
Giant Butt Plug In Paris Is Supposed To Be A Christmas Tree But Clearly isn't
Debate delayed bc opponent uses fan.. "rules states no electronics"...
Police officer awarded almost $1,000,000 in back wages and pain and suffering due to having sleep apnea.
Immigrants in 20s put in Kent schools with pupils as young as 11
Wrestling Legend Explores Naughty and Nice Sides of Santa in New Documentary
UK man: 'Terrorist' great word to describe me
Tourist from Texas gets locked in at the Trafalgar Square Waterstones (a bookstore) in London. When tripping off an alarm and speaking to a securrity guard and the police fail to secure his release, sparks a Twitter campaign numbering in the thousands to get free.
Most Russians Think Western Sanctions Will Boost Nation's Economy
Breasts ads on Moscow vans cause 500 accidents in 24 hours
Magdeburg fans point giant arrows to show hapless players where the goal is
'Ninja Turtle' suspect now accused of two robberies in Lafayette
Jailed, chef who stole £63k from cash machine because he was 'confused about his sexuality'
Lukashenka: No Toilet Paper In Belarusian Sausage
Youth Pastor Who Claimed He Could 'Cure' Gay Teen Confesses To Raping Him
Only McDonalds Would Advertise That Its Food Rots
Police: Ex-gay Kentucky pastor rapes boy, threatens to kill him with 'warlock' powers if he talks
NC State Fair called 'safest in the country'
This 'Christmas Tree' Sculpture In Paris Is Raising Some Eyebrows
Childcare centres change lyrics of 'racist' nursery rhyme Baa, Baa Black Sheep
Nairobi's Latest Novelty: High-End Mac and Cheese, Served by Whites
Florida Man Ordered To Remove American Flags From Business, Community Responds With Patriotism
Giant inflatable Christmas tree faces protests because it looks like a sex toy
Christmas Tree Accused of Being 80-Foot Tall Inflatable Butt Plug in Paris
Hurricane Seminar Postponed By Hurricane
Fear Canada: The real terrorist threat next door.
Former Scotland rugby star wins £10k car after guessing where goat would poo on pitch
Tourist trap: US man stuck in London bookshop after staff lock up and leave for the night
Christmas tree that looks like giant SEX TOY appears in the centre of Paris
NFL Player Befuddled by Microsoft Surface Tablets
Council candidate tells Australians to 'Vote for the black guy!'
Tourist locked inside bookshop
Cowboys running back arrested for shoplifting Gucci: Guilty Black
Texas Man Pledges Allegiance to Islamic State in Front of Cops
Home Sells for $100,000 More Because Buyers Get to Keep the Sellers' Family Cat
Shia LaBeouf: I was arrested in a theatre because Alan Cumming is too sexy
Ron Klain to be announced as U.S. 'Ebola Czar' by President Obama
Ottawa dentist who put someone else's teeth into patient's mouth barred from practising
Florida Governor Rick Scott refuses to start debate because his opponent has a fan under his podium.
16 killed, 11 injured as ventilation gate collapses
Awkward: Protesters Fail to Inflate Coal Plant Balloon With Renewable Energy
Biden's son discharged from Navy after testing positive for cocaine
Report: Upscale Gym Accused of Hazing Elite Males; Defense Claims "Equinox Made Me Do It"
Putin Misses Meeting With Merkel Before Partying With Berlusconi Until Early Hours
Woman scratches her boyfriend badly because she wanted the covers
Nuclear reactors near active volcanos in Japan called unsafe as major eruption not predictable
Vatican Rents Out Sistine Chapel to Porsche For Corporate Event - First Time in 600-year History
Couple Fucking in the Sea Hospitalized After Getting Stuck Together
Once-proud fan to Edmonton Oilers: 'You're losing me'
Italian couple get stuck in frolic at sea
Paris 'sex toy' sculpture causes a stir
Islamic State 'training pilots to fly fighter jets'
Family's shock at text message from dead gran
man who stole 44 piglets and made off with them in a Ford Escort was sentenced to prison
Armed Suspect Orders Vanilla Bean Frappuccino At Fremont Starbucks Before Prompting Closure Of I-880
'Bong' pleads guilty to pot charge
What a whopper parsnip!
Contact Us | PHP TRICKS
Michigan funeral home's drive-thru window allows mourners to pay their last respects on the go
Youth Pastor Tries To Rape Gay Teen Straight, Threatens Him With "Warlock Powers" To Stay Quiet
Is sex only for rich people?
GOP Senator: ISIS Using Ebola-Infected Terrorists a 'Real and Present Danger'
Missing parrot turns up minus British accent and speaking Spanish
Who Will Be Miss Hitler 2014?
Man not worried about Ebola after visiting same bridal shop as Amber Joy Vinson
Obama's credit card declined at fancy restaurant
You know there's something wrong with the economy when sandwich-makers have non-compete clauses
Obama: I 'hugged and kissed' Ebola nurses
Netherlands Biker Gang Preparing to Go Fight ISIS Terrorists
Fearing Ebola, Strong Elementary teacher on leave after traveling to Dallas
Teen Caught Making Love to Stuffed Horse in Walmart
Teen Hurt When Women Attack School Bus With Baseball Bat, Mace
Bryan Fischer: 'Homosexual stormtroopers' have brought back slavery
Michael Dunn sentenced to life in 'loud music' trial
Hospital Worker Who Handled Ebola Samples Is on Cruise Ship
Knife charged in double stabbing
Obama's credit card denied at restaurant on New York City trip
President Obama Says His Credit Card Was Declined At An NYC Restaurant
Teen 'zombie' killed in Halloween corn maze attraction in Idaho
This Story About A Man Who's Been Pooping Wrong His Entire Life Will Leave You Completely Baffled
Couple Having Sex in Ocean Get Genitals Stuck Together, Detached at Hospital
Giant Sphinx from 'Ten Commandments' Film Unearthed
Stop gouging tenants, Naheed Nenshi tells Calgary landlords
Hayden man accused of throwing burrito at worker
Anti-Feminist Lawyer Plans Lawsuit to Force Women to Register for Draft
Hospital uses poo transplants to get to the bottom of bowel trouble.
Ebola is God's punishment for Obama 'dividing Jerusalem'
Obama to name longtime political aide as 'Ebola czar,' bypassing senior health official
Sorry Mr. President, Your Credit Card Is Declined
Michigan funeral home provides drive-thru option
Framingham Day Care Workers Allegedly Suspend Toddler, Get Suspended Themselves
Ottawa dentist barred from practising after putting someone else's teeth into patient's mouth
Putin's Glamour Deemed Threat to National Security
FBI director to citizens: Let us spy on you
Britain may use mediaeval treason law to tackle Islamist fighters.
Arizona State warns students not to wear facepaint at football games
Sex act photo goes viral, leads to felony charges for 3 Grandville teens
PEI grower recalls potatoes because of possible tampering - See more at: http://www.thepacker.com/fruit-vegetable-news/PEI-grower-recalls-potatoes-because-of-possible-tampering-279345792.html#sthash.lhSeIf7y.dpuf
Rapper Cam'Ron Selling Custom Ebola Masks
3D Printer makes huts from Mud for impoverished villages.
Deputy finds wanted man hiding in a dark closet, eating salad
Cleveland man accused of joking about Ebola charged with felony inducing panic
Death Row Inmate Asks For A Child As His Last Meal, Texas DOC Plan To Grant Request
The top candidate on the Black Conservatives Fund website is a white guy
Creepy clown sightings go nationwide
Boy says, 'I think my daddy is dead,' relatives continue chores
Ottawa dentist barred from practising after putting someone else's teeth into patient's mout
Florida Governor Debate Delay- Fangate
Couple Finds Out Gender Of Their Baby On Big Screen During Giants Game 5 Win
Ebola plush toys fly off the shelf for Connecticut company
Coloring Isn't Just For Kids. It Can Actually Help Adults Combat Stress.
The Sincerity Machine Is a Comic Sans Typewriter - Seriously
Mike Huckabee Wants Atheist Government Employees Replaced
Jimmy John's requires sandwich makers, delivery drivers to sign non-compete agreements
Woman sent to jail for failure to mow lawn.
Woman sent to jail for overgrown yard.
Man Says Police Raided Wrong Home, Tied Him Up, Mocked for Being Gay
PEI grower recalls potatoes because of possible tampering
Seattle Socialist Party Wants $20 Per Hour Minimum Wage, Offers $13 Per Hour For Website Manager
'Baa Baa Black Sheep' Deemed Racist, Sexist by Australian Child Care Centers
Italy pulls itself out of recession by counting drugs and prostitution revenue
President Obama's credit card got rejected last month
Just Seeing Charts And Graphs Makes Drug Claims More Credible
It Appears That Nicolas Cage Does Not Want You to See His New Movie
Ebola outbreak: Why Obama is allowing Ebolaphobia to spread
7 Lies Barack Obama Has Told America
Sex with cow lands youth behind bars
GOP Congressman: Hamas Could Infect Themselves With Ebola And Come To America
Drake Attends Kentucky's Big Blue Madness, Brings Lint Roller and Air Balls 3
Bono reveals he always wears sunglasses
Boy, 8, Crashed SUV After Drunk Dad Let Him Drive
Anti western cosplayers movement
Louis Vuitton Outlet,Louis Vuitton Wallets
Man eaten by bear after suffering heart attack
Hospital Food Lacks Proper Nutrition
40,000 Voter-Registration Applications Submitted by Blacks and Hispanics Disappear in Ga.
'Not rocket science': Texas male stripper in Ebola self-quarantine shocked CDC didn't order isolation after he was on plane with sick nurse Amber Vinson
'Sorry, Mr President ...' Barack Obama's credit card declined
Paris's giant 'butt plug' installation vandalised
Tie Tacks For Men
Student Dies of Heart Attack Looking at Erotic Magazine at Sperm Bank
Cemetery hosts running races as marketing tool
Saudi prison decorates groom's cell for his wedding night
5 year old who drew a gun in crayon forced to sign no-suicide contract with school
Man using self-service till on verge of emotional breakdown
€28,000 award for woman who fell off toilet
N.B. man says he found dead mouse in his McDonald's coffee
Drunk, he turkey slaps his wife to death
Oklahoma Sooners chaplain lured man from home
Maine now quarantining people for setting foot in Texas.
Kansas ex-con raped 100-year-old woman during burglary: police
16 people fall to their deaths at South Korean K-pop concert
Colorado police warn parents about marijuana-laced candy ahead of Halloween
Austrian Teen Girls Who Ran Off To Join ISIS Say They 'Made A Mistake'
Paris Butt Plug Art Deflated: Vandals Attack Controversial Installation
UAE: Man divorces wife 'possessed by genie'
Sodomy is healthy according to a french doctor
Cannabis-eating sheep munch through £4,000 in plants dumped near farm
Obese woman says she is fat because of the government
Couple having sex in ocean gets genitals stuck together, detached in hospital
Ebola: Man removes daughter from school over facemask refusal
Jenny McCarthy says lemon juice cures Ebola.
One of t.A.T.u's pretend lesbians says she wouldn't accept a gay son
Paramedics Dump Body Next To Rubbish Bins - So They Could Finish Work On Time
Woman saved from stroke by selfie
Man Escapes Alimony After Wife Admits She's a Genie
Sphinx unearthed from 1923 Cecil B. DeMille movie set
Conservative Activist Klayman: Obama Must Be 'Taken Alive' For Inflicting Ebola On White Americans
Couple Hospitalized After Getting Stuck Together During Ocean Sex
U2's Bono reveals a medical condition is why he always wears sunglasses
High school soccer coach accidentally sent sexual Snapchat to team members
Watervliet, NY Asks Pistol Permit Applicants for Facebook Passwords.
President Obama's Credit Card Declined At New York Restaurant
Syracuse University bravely saves students from exposure to journalism
Burglar busted after semen found on teddy bear
Paris 'sex toy' Christmas tree sculpture deflated after vandals 'cut cables'
Sheep munch through £4000 in cannabis plants dumped near farm
Germany to issue "specially marked ID papers" to people suspected of being religious extremists.
Pennsylvania police spot mud-covered, rifling-wielding Eric Frein; accused cop killer evades capture again
A child has been found for the last meal of a man sentenced to death
Jimmy John's Requiring Sandwich Makers To Sign Non-Compete Clause
Patient Woke Up From Colonoscopy Wearing Pink Panties: Lawsuit
Click Image Production | Wedding Photography
Mother Explains Why She Loves Her Dog More Than Her Son
Teenage Girl Chops Off Her Friend's Fingers As Sacrifice To Satan
Minecraft city built in two years
Mother says 'I love my dog MORE than my son!'
China Hires As Many As 300,000 Internet Trolls To Make The Communist Party Look Good
National clown club fumes at homicidal clown character on 'American Horror Story: Freak Show'
Scott Walker says cabinet created his bald spot
Supreme Court Allows Texas Law That Accepts Handgun Permits but not College IDs to Vote
Smugglers stuff 25 cows into oil tanker
African American woman Photoshopped into Tom Corbett's campaign picture
Obama's credit card declined at New York restaurant
Hannibal woman arrested after tossing infant son at police officer.
This Woman Wants You To Help Her Bone Sergio Romo
Lawsuit: Man awoke from surgery in pink panties
Wanted: Ebola screeners at JFK for $19 an hour
Gambler Claims Wife may have Ebola, Faces Charges for "Inducing Panic"
Ebola screeners wanted at JFK @ $19 an hour.
Russian Media Pick Up Fake 'Belgian Grandma Orgy' Story
China Unicom offers on-site pocket enlargement for its iPhone 6 Plus customers
Key U.S. airports seeking Ebola screeners for $19 per hour
Colorado police warn parents about marijuana-laced candy ahead of Halloween (+video)
Stephen Hawking Will Be A Guest Vocalist On Pink Floyd's New Album Read more at http://www.inquisitr.com/1542536/stephen-hawking-will-be-a-guest-vocalists-on-pink-floyds-new-album
Staff member at Franklin County school district on leave over Ebola concerns:Staff member recently traveled to Dallas
Stephen Hawking To Appear On Pink Floyd's New Album 'The Endless River'
Now vile SU refuse to commemorate Holocaust...because it's 'eurocentric and colonialist'
Scott Brown says we would not be worrying about ebola if Mitt Romney had been elected
Puppy-Sized Spider Surprises Scientist in Rainforest
Man Declared Dead Very Much Alive - And Claims He Has Amnesia; Wife Takes Him To Court
German dadaist party offer to save Ukip group in European parliament
Barack Obama Had His Credit Card Declined At A Fancy New York Restaurant
Teen charged after leaving waitress tip covered in fecal matter
'I need a new mugshot' wanted man plays catch me if you can with cops
Yao Ming was made in China by order of the state.
Yao Ming: the basketball giant made in China by order of the state
Killer swan attacks Illinois caretaker and forces him to drown
Mexican camel brutally kills human for coke fix
Comic Sans Typewriter Is Here to Ruin Typewriters for Everyone
Coach accidentally sends masturbation video to team
Obama: I Kissed The Ebola Nurses
Sex Offenders feel assaulted, seeks office in Minnesota
BREAKING: This Texas Pastor Just Told Liberals to "Bring It On"
Tourist locked inside Waterstones bookshop uses Twitter to be freed
Woman Goes to Jail for Not Mowing Lawn
Pregnant woman loses baby in Salford bus stop robbery
Funny baby videos 2014 - Baby and Cat-Dog and baby safety
Socialist Party demands $20/hr minimum wage, pays $13/hr
Stephen Hawking Will Be A Guest Vocalist On Pink Floyd's New Album
Washington state couple chooses to raises their child species-less.
New Hampshire Pumpkin Festival crowd sets fires, throws bottles
Mayhem erupts in neighborhoods near Keene Pumpkin Festival
There's a real dick in this newsroom
New Hampshire cops in riot gear respond to Pumpkinfest melee
British Student Union Refuses to Condemn ISIS because it would "promote islamophobia."
Ebola scare at Pentagon after woman vomits in parking lot
US President Obama's credit card declined at New York restaurant
Facebook wants the DEA to promise that it won't create fake accounts (x-post from /r/technology)
When Hampton Cove man threatens to cut himself during quarrel, girlfriend grabs knife, stabs him herself
How To Prepare For Second Puberty - Viral66
Sex In Ocean Sucks In Worst Way Imaginable
Cannibal harlequin ladybirds now threaten native species with STDs
The FBI Director Hates Encryption Even Though The FBI Tells People To Use It
Parrot missing for 4 years returns speaking different language
NFL player gets arrested for stealing a pair of underwear. Less than a week later, the company of the underwear he stole decides to make him a spokesperson.
9 Things Happend With Flipkart On Oct.6 Big Billion Day
Dumped boyfriend advertises on eBay for girl to join him on luxury break after being jilted
Police receive report of man dangling upside down from tree - you won't believe what they found
12 years of prison for a "Putin" butt plug in the ass.
Ebola.com Owner Wants $150,000 For Rights To Domain Name
Arrests made when pumpkin festival turns to mayhem
Woman treated for allergy to exercise
UKIP MEP Paul Nuttall denies he played Bungle in 70s TV show Rainbow after internet prank
Florida Man Arrested For Stealing Toilet Parts From Fast Food Places
Syracuse woman accused of stabbing boyfriend in the back
Teen Masturbates In Hockey Penalty Box, Mom Complains In Dear Prudence Advice Column
Cowboys' Randle to become underwear spokesman after shoplifting arrest
Cowboys Alleged Underwear Thief Gets Endorsement Deal With Underwear Company.
Paramedics dumped dead body next to bins - because their shift had ended
Saskatoon family wants to keep raccoon as pet
Area woman treated for allergy to exercise
Missing Count Chocula found drowned in beer
Beth Stern, wife of Howard Stern, helps one-eyed kitten get adopted with sexy shoot
Arrests and teargas as New Hampshire pumpkin festival descends into chaos
Bear bites boy's arm off in Chinese Zoo
Black bear euthanized after breaking into house
Treated like an animal: Demonstrator tortured in shop window in protest against animal testing
Sorry I Ran You Over. Now Please Pay Me $2,000
New Paris Landmark: Giant Sex Toy or an Xmas Tree?
(NFL RB) Joseph Randle given underwear endorsement days after stealing underwear
Lauren Cooper, Teacher Who Had Sex With Student: 'I'm Glad I Got Caught'
National Review is obsessed with Lena Dunham's sex life and body
Moose scare haunted forest guests
Only God Can Stop Public Urination
Cowboys' Joseph Randle stole underwear, now will endorse it
Man's body left by bins so paramedics could go home
Sperm extractor helps patients overcome embarrassment
Cops do boy's homework after burglar call out
Joseph Randle: Dallas Cowboys RB Steals Underwear, Lands New MeUndies Sponsorship Deal And Now Has NFL Super Bowl Aspirations
New Hampshire Pumpkin Festival Turns Violent
Did Jesus Save the Klingons?
'Butt Plug' Scultpure Removed After Vandals Attack
How The Most Successful People Poop At Work
Love Comic Sans? Then this is the typewriter for you
New in Canadian Politics: Burnaby Mayoral candidate to ban public displays of affection if elected
Building a super-prison for children is a terrible idea
New Dating Website Launched For People Who Want To Date Joe Biden
Shia LaBeouf Has Been Method Acting This Whole Time
Are you having a tough time being white? You're not the only one. Check out what these white people have to say about being white.
Police respond to Facebook taunts of suspect who complains about his mugshot
Drugs, bunkers, gun range, arsenal and former Sonics player found in Kirkland raid
Cannabis-eating sheep get high as a kite after munching £4,000-worth of drugs
Now German biker gangs join their Dutch counterparts in fighting against ISIS in Kobane
President of Belarus declares country's sausage is free of toilet paper
South African woman takes hospital to court after she gives birth to Down's syndrome baby
Camel Kills Chicago Man Because He Did Not Get His Daily Coke
German Motorcycle Club members join Dutch bikers in fight against Isis
Is This Cyclops Baby the Muslim Antichrist?
Internet trolls face up to two years in jail under new laws
Underwear shoplifter Joseph Randle lands endorsement deal out of arrest
Joseph Randle to endorse underwear company following underwear-related arrest
She is a virgin and got pregnant! Anal sex involved!
Alleged drunk driver pulls into jail parking lot
Halloweed? Denver Police Warn About Pot-Infused Candy
Alleged Bengals Pro Shop thieves leave toddler behind
After Blocking Surgeon General Nominee, Republican Blames Obama For Surgeon General Vacancy
African American woman Photoshopped into Pennsylvania governor's campaign picture as he tries to claw back 15-point deficit
Giant genitalia exhibited in former Bristol toilets
Russian tennis boss banned for calling Venus and Serena 'the Williams brothers'
Toronto mayoral candidate Doug ford really happy to be inside a wal-mart
Board of Elections records say voter is 164 years old
Your Child Has Lice? Spread the Word.
ISIS Receives MiG Fighter Jets As U.S. Pilot Morale Rises To An All Time High
Chinese officials search for bombs in anuses of 10,000 pigeons Read more at: http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/chinese-officials-search-for-bombs-anuses-10000-pigeons-national-day-celebration-tiananmen-square/1/395863.html
Chinese officials search for bombs in anuses of 10,000 pigeons.
Mother horrified after 10-year-old brings home serrated blade in Tesco pumpkin carving kit
Ancient Scottish Fish Were The First To Have Sex
INFLUENTIAL POST-METAL BAND ISIS MISTAKEN FOR TERRORIST GROUP
TV fitness host: I wish I'd married a man, being gay is hard
Man Dies In Haunted House, Mistaken For Prop For Almost 2 Weeks
Pumpkin Festival Takes a Menacing Turn
Pilots and passengers spot 'flying man' from plane Read more at http://www.9news.com.au/world/2014/10/19/11/33/pilots-and-crew-spot-flying-man-from-plane#DLt2BEcUVVZdMCrY.99
Baltimore Teacher Placed On Leave After Fight With Student
'Skynet has already won': Terminator director James Cameron on why he won't use an iPhone
13 Facts You Probably Learned In School That Are Actually False
Boring San Francisco Giants Threaten World Series Ratings - Again
Detroit attorney warns Oakley MI against releasing police reservist names, cites ISIS threat
Girls with short hair are damaged
Utah National Guard investigates risque video of women with guns
"Super Drunk" Woman Mistakes Jail For Bar
Sheep munch through £4,000 of cannabis plants dumped in their field
Boy Attempting to Feed Bear at Chinese Zoo Gets His Arm Bitten Off
Super Drunk Woman Arrested, Mistook Jail for Bar
A Pumpkin Festival Turns To Mayhem In Keene, N.H.
The long and ugly tradition of treating Africa as a dirty, diseased place
Pilots and passengers spot 'flying man' from plane
N.H. police restore calm after pumpkin festival dissolves into riot
106 Year Old Man Joined Twitter,Died After First Tweet
Man arrested for lewd act with Walmart stuffed animal
Ancient Scottish fish 'first to have sex'
Vegas police seek pink-clad robber
Suspected Nazi war criminals removed from U.S. continue to receive Social Security payments: report
Nigeria is 'Ebola-Free' President Goodluck Jonathan Tells UN
School Bus Driver Charged With Third DUI
An Apartment In His Own Image
Zimbabwe tax authority impounds 46kg bale of second-hand underwear at Sango Border Post
EC Technology® Ultra BASS+ Portable Bluetooth Speaker Built-in Mic, Enhanced Bass Resonator, 10 Hours Playtime Rechargeable Wireless Speaker - Titanium Gray
17-Year-Old Hospitalized After Only Eating Chicken Nuggets Since Age 2
SF bans Lorde's song "Royals" During 2014 World Series (because they are playing KS Royals)
Woman arrested after trying to enter home through chimney
Dumped boyfriend advertises on eBay for a new girl to join him on luxury break
Knife-Wielding Clown Terrorises French Town
Fear of 'armed clowns' grips northern France
Man steals L.A. Fire Department ambulance sent to help him
An Apartment In His Own Image: A Greenwich Village Apartment for a Creative Soul
2014 is first year ever with ZERO platinum-certified records
Russia Is Building a Pro-Russia Theme Park in Crimea
Anime fan convicted over illegal pictures of imaginary children.
She raised $10,000 over night on Kickstarter for this idea that let her quit her job. TACO BIKE
Obama's credit card 'declined'
Out of breath? Thousands complete Beijing marathon wearing face masks because of the city's unbearable smog
San Francisco radio station bans the song "Royals" from airwaves
Diwali bonus: 500 cars, 200 flats given by this Gujarat boss to his employees Read more at: http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/diwali-bonus-diamond-merchant-gifts-cars-flats-jewellery-to-his-employees/1/396702.html
'Oompa Loompas' sought by police over Norwich assault
Beefy 'priests' strip for gay acceptance calendar
Beijing marathon runners don masks to cope with smog
Lorde's 'Royals' Banned From San Francisco Airwaves Until After World Series
Pacquiao makes pro hoops debut
Ebola Hoax: 100% EXPOSED! Plainclothes man caught next to Amber Vinson!
Sexy Halloween kids costumes at Value Village anger mom
Woman mistakes jail for bar, gets arrested.
Doctors believe that Charlie Sheen's "Tiger Blood" may hold the cure for Ebola.
Idaho couple who cover their car in anti-gay messages claim they're being persecuted
Idaho couple on homosexuality: 'It spreads like cancer'
Realtors' ad hangs "For Sale" sign on Mitch McConnell
Woman Rescued From Thousand Oaks Chimney Belonging To Man She Met Online
San Francisco stations ban Lorde's 'Royals' ahead of World Series
Super drunk woman arrested, mistook Michigan jail for bar
Man Fights Off Bear With Old Computer in Siberia
Divers try spoon feeding lionfish to sharks, a method that could come back to bite them
Keystone XL Oil Pipeline Owner Wins Climate Leadership Award
San Francisco radio stations to ban Lorde's "Royals" from paying on airwaves until after World Series
Real Clowns Are Freaking Out Over 'American Horror Story'
Insane Russian Attack Bike is Powered by a Chainsaw
Indian player dies after goal celebration
This Student Designs Jewelry That Turns Your Veins Into A Power Source (Video)
France and China celebrate diplomatic relations by having a giant robot spider fight a giant robot dragon
Drunk woman arrested, mistook jail for bar
Race horse shot dead after it was hit by French man who drove "like a grandmother" near Bristol
Indian footballer dies after celebrating goal
PORN.COM reviews PORN: THE GAME
Gay couple thrown off of London bus for kissing
Drunk woman mistakes jail for bar
Drunk Woman Mistakes Jail for Bar, Goes to Jail
"No more weird architecture" says Chinese president
Cam'ron sells Ebola masks with his own face on
Mr Loverman: Arrested bigamist sets record with FOUR wives, SEVEN fiancees and FIVE girlfriends
Diwali bonus: 500 cars, 200 flats given by this Gujarat boss to his employees
Bay area radio stations realize Lorde's "Royals" is Kansas City-inspired, freak the hell out
Woman trapped in chimney dated homeowner after meeting online, "She seemed totally cool until the first flag was her actually being on my roof two weeks ago"
Cam'Ron Has The Greatest Custom Face Mask To Fight Ebola.
Russian Artist Cuts Off Part of Ear in Act of Protest
Celtic Tiger immigrants made us better-looking, says Top Irish Politician
Missing Rafter Found Sleeping in Trash Can
Giant Boob Ads on Trucks in Moscow Caused Over 500 Accidents in 24 Hours
People Are Convinced Their Birkin Bags Smell Like Weed. "Today in first-world problems, people who have purchased $20,000 Hermès Birkin bags tell "Page Six" they are dissatisfied, because they claim the bags reek of marijuana."
Episode 3: There Has Finally Been a Boner on Dating Naked
Naked breasts billboards cause 517 accidents in one day.
China: Don't call yourself Dumbledore
Bieber reportedly scolded for kicking around ball in Vatican corridors
Chickens take Congressman's place in debate
Scott Brown sees Mitt Romney as an Ebola repellent
Irish Ebola 'Ruled Out' After Woman's Symptoms Carefully Typed Into Google
A mystery clown is scaring children in Portsmouth by lurking silently in streets and shops and stroking people
So, Banksy got arrested.
Dentist barred from practicing after putting someone else's teeth into patients mouth
Fracking Chemicals, Brought to You by Susan G. Komen
Brian Harvey Just Went To Downing Street And "Asked To See The Prime Minister"
A friendly reminder from your /r/NotTheOnion moderators regarding personal information
George Lucas criticizes the commercialization of the movie business, says that studio heads used to be creative types but are now only concerned about the bottom line.
Teen sues after Amtrak bars travel because of allergy
Sexy Lobster to replace Sexy Pizza as this year's "it" costume.
Unruly Crowds flip a car; car owner grateful for the experience
Nebraska school suggests teachers avoid calling students boys or girls to be 'gender inclusive
Cowboys' Joseph Randle gets underwear endorsement deal out of shoplifting arrest
Woman Sent To Jail For Failing To Mow Lawn
'Miss Hitler 2014' contest seeks the most anti-Semitic of them all
Kim Il Sung tried to live to 100 by taking the blood of 20-year-olds and laughing at children.
People Are Upset About A Ben & Jerry's Flavor That They Claim Is Insensitive To Hazing Victims
These Massive Boob Ads Were The Cause Of 500 Traffic Accidents In Russia
Don't give yourself an English 'stripper' name, warns Chinese state media
'Walking Dead' Actress Goes Undercover And Saves 55 Sex Slaves In Real Life
The association of Belgian pedophiles rejoices at consent changed to 14 years.
Andrea From "The Walking Dead" Saved 55 Sex Slaves in Real Life
Obama Repeats: You Can't Get Ebola on a Bus-Day After Bus Quarantined in D.C.
Health department seeks end to billing rape victims
Brian Harvey turns up at Downing Street and 'demands to speak to Prime Minister'
Mystery Flying Man Spooks Pilots over Britain
Rapper who cut off his penis becomes stand-up comedian
Martian polar ice caps melting as a result of global warming
Children's Museum hosts adults-only after hours parties with bar, bands
Strong odor leads to massive illegal lobster operation.
Monica Lewinsky Speaks: 'It's My Mission To End Cyberbullying'
Japan 'not ready' for invasion of redbacks as venomous Australian spiders reach Tokyo
Springfield robber panics when store clerk notices fake gun
Supporter Of Extremist Group ISIS Explains How Bitcoin Could Be Used To Fund Jihad
Sorry, Ladies: The "Miss Hitler" Pageant Has Been Cancelled
Japan's pocchari trend celebrates 'chubby' women
London Mayor wouldn't recommend snorting icing sugar 'to any young person'
Man Gets 1 to 2 Years in Buggy Horse Drive-By
Craft Brewer Buys All the Count Chocula, Cereal Lovers Confused and Sad
Toys-r-us breaking bad dolls
Rockstars with unexpectedly boring habits
Whites riot over pumpkins in NH and Twitter turns it into epic lesson about Ferguson
52-Year-Old Man Selling His Virginity
Police quash nude pumpkin run
Toys R Us 'Breaks Bad' with New Crystal Meth Toys
Teen arrested after giving waitress tip covered in feces
Doctors Suggest That Marijuana Can Protect You From Ebola
Bikini Models Somehow Got Access to High-Powered Military Equipment
Florida mom launches petition against Toys 'R Us for carrying 'Breaking Bad' figures
Splitting hair clubs: Schism roils competitive facial hair world
Russia's crusade to banish McDonald's
Brian Harvey storms Downing Street and demands to see David Cameron in bizarre tirade over 'stolen cash'
Denmark welcoming returning Islamic State terrorists with job placements and counseling
Britain threatens Internet 'trolls' with two years in jail
Monica Lewinsky: I Was 'The First Person' Whose Reputation Was Destroyed By The Internet
Anti-Gay Russian Lawmaker Milonov Protests Homoerotic Finnish Stamps
Brian Harvey storms Downing Street demanding to see David Cameron
Losers Of Beer Pong Match Opened Fire On Fellow Texas Partygoers
Parents outraged as Toys 'R' Us sells 'crystal meth' Breaking Bad dolls
Wedding chapel refuses gay wedding, files lawsuit claiming non-discrimination ordinance is unconstitutional
Joe Biden's Son Hunter Kicked Out of Navy for Cocaine
World Cup 2022: Qatar matches could start at 1am, says official
How Knitting Behind Bars Transformed Maryland Convicts
Swedish Christmas Goat Burned Down for 27th Time
'Was It Ethical To Tell Koko The Gorilla About Robin Williams' Death?' Ponders Chuck Klosterman
'Cabin Fever' Remake in Production; Will Use Same Script as Original
Woman Buys Years Supply of Pumpkin Spice Lattes
Mother wants 'Breaking Bad' figures removed from Toys R Us
Charlottetown police chief says citizens shouldn't break up confrontations
Woman arrested after mistaking jail for bar
A drunk rabbi converts to Islam
Pet cat summoned for jury service...and court rules he 'must attend'
Article: Restaurant to charge for "artisanal" ice cubes
Second State Will Charge $1 Extra for Artisanal Ice
New York City carriage horse leads police on chase Sunday, report says
ShitExpress Is A Service That Sends Shit To Your Enemies
Chicken pox lollipops for sale
This Man Accidentally Took A Photo Of The Inside Of His Pocket Every Day For A Year
Pants Trending And These People Definitely Failed To Wear Them.
A sampling of tweets Monica Lewinsky has received since joining Twitter
Alcoholics are Given More Drinks to Clean the Streets
Michael Keaton Fighting Lawsuit Claiming He Ruined Movie
Monica Lewinsky joins Twitter as part of campaign against cyberbullying, gets cyberbullied
MEN OPEN FIRE AFTER LOSING GAME OF BEER PONG
Woman tries to sell imaginary friend on eBay
Referee abandons game after five players pretend to be hurt
Ruth Bader Ginsburg Says She Has Quite a Large Supply of Notorious RBG Shirts
A lot of U.S. men got vasectomies during the recession
James Blunt Apologizes For 'You're Beautiful'
Facebook tells DEA: Stop impersonating users
Men Lose Beer Pong Game at Party, Shoot at People, Say Police
China says no to Dumbledore
Shanghai telcom store hires in-house tailor to enlarge pants pockets for iPhone 6 Plus
OOPS: TURLOCK FORGETS SMOKING BAN IS ALREADY ON THE BOOKS
TV station doesn't know the difference between Peyton Manning and Gary Payton
'I need to get a new mugshot': Wanted man taunts NZ police on Facebook page
Springfield funeral home will host its first fireworks show using cremated remains
Politicians Who Say 'I'm Not A Scientist' On Climate Offer Their Advice On Ebola
His Floor Of His House Is Covered With Bread. When I Saw Why, I Almost Cried
Nicki Minaj Is So Tired of Being Asked About Her Ass
Australian teenager with ginger hair joins ISIS
Toys R Us Is Selling Crystal Meth Toys From Breaking Bad
Canadian Town Cancels Outdoor Halloween Because Polar Bears
Too many poor people to allow democracy in Hong Kong
Cops And Students Face Off In New Hampshire After Annual Pumpkin Festival Turns Into Absurd, Chaotic Riot
Mom Gives Gang Member Son Ride To Shoot Someone: Cops
Marathon runners take wrong turn, take bus to finish line
Simulation shows women better suited to life on Mars
Nazi leader Heinrich Himmler a fan of yoga - Telegraph
Pop! Co-Founder will be the first human to shit out a computer
Nicki Minaj Discusses Being Sexual With A Banana
Australia's largest ginger processor calls for a 'ginger revolution' to make the herb 'sexy'
French-Korean Jihadi arrested trying to re-enter Syria after leaving the fight to buy e-cigs in France.
Lebanon MP Fattoush punches woman in the neck
Drunk Russian snow plow driver causes airplane crash, kills oil company ceo and 3.
Rural fast-food addicts risk health for a burger
Russian plane crash: snowplow driver was drunk
Drunk Russian snow plough driver causes oil company Chief Executive officer to die in jet crash
Total boss dies in Moscow plane crash
Researchers finally discover what a panda looks like when it masturbates
Hong Kong has too many poor people to allow direct elections, leader says
Malaysia investigates 'dog patting' event
Lawyer filmed himself asking employee for sex 78 times in one hour
Ebola cuddly toy 'sells out'
I didn't intend to hurt anyone, says man who dressed as knife-wielding clown
A team faked injuries because they were losing!
CEO of French oil giant dead after runway crash with drunk snowplow driver
Isis orders its fighters to stop giving away their 'secret' locations on Twitter
Pensioner arrested for dumping a quarter-ton of porn in Osaka park [x-post /r/japan]
Pensioner arrested for dumping a quarter-ton of porn in Osaka park
Montreal teacher, 73, loses job over film nudity more than 40 years ago
Man Who Believes God Speaks to Us Through "Duck Dynasty" Is About to Be Texas' Second-in-Command
NHS staff banned from drinking tea or coffee on the job because it looks like they're not working hard enough
Irish Senator claims 'water doesn't just fall from the sky'
Total CEO killed in Russian runway crash; investigators say snowplow driver was drunk
Saws stolen from Detroit firefighters at blaze
Teenage Surfer Apologizes for Shark Attack
GOP calls for Ebola Czar, gets Ebola Czar, hates Ebola Czar
Republicans who blocked surgeon general nominee blame Obama for surgeon general vacancy
Soccer player dies after celebratory flip
Craft brewer buys up all the Count Chocula
Man Takes Deal in Mankato Officer 'Wet Willy' Case
Woman's dream job at Apple factory lasts one day
Student Sues Over Cheating Charge That Led To An 'F'
Rwanda begins Ebola screening for travelers from US
High School Student Files Lawsuit After Receiving Failing Grade On Test
Asking If 'Big Gov't Sucks' Got This Girl in Trouble with Cops, Kicked Off Campus
Communist party official says democracy cannot be allowed since the poor would outvote the rich
Rwanda Now Screening Travellers From US For Ebola
TIL in order to cash in on the popularity of "To Catch A Predator," Dateline NBC produced several specials such as "To Catch an ID Thief," "To Catch a Car Thief," and "To Catch an iJacker," about catching thieves who steal iPods.
Russian man fights off bear with old computer
America says no to cappuccino potato chips
Portsmouth mystery clown 'disturbing' people in streets
'Bleacher Report' claws toward respectability
Chicago man to Obama: 'Don't touch my girlfriend'
Uber Driver in Australia Arrested by Hire-Car Vigilante
The Government Is 3D-Printing Bomb-Sniffing Dog Noses
Man Takes Misdemeanor for Giving an Officer a Wet Willy
Planned Parenthood Thinks It Found a Way to Stop Middle Schoolers from Having Sex
Man Tells Obama Not To Touch His Girlfriend
Police help burglary caller with math homework
Sex invented by Scottish square dancing fish
Chinese phone providers offer "pants upgrade" to ensure iPhone 6 Plus fits in your pocket.
Mankato Man Charged With Giving Cop A Wet-Willy
Rochdale AFC growing grass thanks to lighting equipment from cannabis farms
Teacher (24) caught for having relationship with her student (17) - after complaining her naked selfie was being shared.
Rwanda to screen U.S. visitors for Ebola
NHS hospitals ban workers from having a cuppa at their desks in case it makes it look like they're not working hard enough
Skip Bayless says Kobe Bryant's rape allegation helped sell sneakers
NASA recommends all female dwarf crew for Mars mission
Giuliani defends 'Call of Duty' maker in suit by Panama's Manuel Noriega
Getting Into Harvard Easier Than McDonald's University in China.
New Hampshire Pumpkin Festival Turns into Full-On Riot
Here's Why James Deen Is the Bob Dylan of Porn
Chinese providers offer "pocket upgrade" to ensure iPhone 6 Plus can fit in pants
Man accused in Washington shooting spree says he wanted to die, but officers are bad shots
Woman claimed she had terminal cancer to fund dream wedding
NASA recommends all female dwarf team for Mars mission
2 Men Shoot Up Party After Beer Pong Loss: Cops
Study finds repeated exposure to movie sex and violence makes parents cooler
Singing Nun From 'The Voice of Italy' Releases 'Like a Virgin' Cover
A Clash Of Clans Addiction Nearly Sank The Royals' Season
Woman arrested for fraud after claiming Jesus Christ will pay her tab
Students suspended after alleged prostitution in high school bathroom
Eight seconds of white noise is top of the Canadian iTunes chart because people love Taylor Swift that much
Bride-to-be faked terminal cancer to con well-wishers into funding her dream wedding
Man Warns Obama: 'Don't Touch My Girlfriend'
PREGNANT RUSSIANS ARE GOING TO FLORIDA TO GIVE BIRTH IN WARM WEATHER
Israeli Soldiers Detain Mentally-Disabled Palestinian Child on Suspicion of Throwing Stones
Overcoming odds, MMA fighter with Down syndrome preps for first fight
Neighbors Upset Over Brooklyn Man Using Cones To Block Off Sports Car
'Clash of Clans' nearly ruined the Kansas City Royals' World Series season
Jealous boyfriend to President Obama: 'Don't touch my girlfriend'
"5 Schools Freaking Out About Africa Because They Don't Realize Africa Is A Really Big Continent
360 Says Australian Flag Represents Racism
Woman arrested claiming Jesus Christ will pay her restaurant tab
Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack will be released on cassette tape
When Dogs and Robots Collide, Somebody Needs a Talking To. Online Advice: Wag Your Finger At the Vacuum and Say, 'Bad Roomba'
3 men standing in the ocean screaming "FUCK POSEIDON" swept away by the water and almost drowned
Cop Shoots 'Aggressive' 6-Month-Old Puppy, Gets Paid Leave
5 Schools Freaking Out About Ebola Because They Don't Realize Africa Is A Really Big Continent
NASA is running a Big Brother style experiment in a dome on a Hawaiian volcano to simulate Mars conditions.
Convicted murderer sues state over porn being banned in prison
Charged with Assault for Giving Mankato Cop "Wet Willy"
Iowa's Joni Ernst: Obamacare is bad because people should rely on churches for help
Crêpe-y French clown arrested for chasing teens
Man Throws Dildos at Women, Gets Arrested Because You're Not Supposed to Do That
Man falls into sea on live TV while possibly taking selfie
Michigan Drunk Driver Mistakes Jail for Bar
Officials want South Florida to break off into its own state
French President Hollande Pledges Support for Paul McCarthy's Butt Plug
Couple worried whether they can retire in four years
Did Islamic State Militants Use Bitcoin To Fund Their English-Language Website?
World's first hoverboard: Kickstarter campaign aims to sell floating device by Oct. 2015
Congresswoman Introducing Bill To Stop Nazis From Getting Social Security Benefits
Man arrested after dispute over using too much nacho cheese
Julian Casablancas: 'I very much enjoy playing with The Strokes'
Renton high school student sues over 'F' grade
'Jealous' boyfriend to Obama: 'Don't touch my girlfriend'
Going out with a bang; human ashes to be shot with fireworks in Springfield
Thieves steal picnic grills during the Bills game
Prediksi Olympiakos vs Juventus 23 Oktober 2014
Drunken trombone-playing clown fires gun from garage
Exclusive: 'Guardians' Soundtrack To Be Released On Cassette Tape
YouTube Comments Aren't Totally Worthless, Science Finds
'Mr. President, don't touch my girlfriend.'
Woman attacks boyfriend in fight over blanket
Organizers refuse to let pumpkin replace absent Mandel at Edmonton byelection forum
French CEO dies in Moscow in plane crash with snowplow operated by drunk driver
Matthew McConaughey Understood Every Word Rust Cohle Was Saying
The Utah National Guard lent their base, guns and soldiers to a bunch of hot girls without authorization.
Princeton University professor to tutor Trenton students in exchange for dismissed theft charges
Horny Redditors Jerk Off to Photo of Dude's Butt, Thinking It's Boobs
COOK COUNTY VOTING MACHINE MISCASTS CANDIDATE'S VOTE
Woman arrested after mistaking sheriff's office for bar
Drunken airman gives Mankato cop double wet Willy
Taylor Swift accidentally releases 8 seconds of white noise, tops Canadian iTunes chart
Wendy Davis questions GOP rival -- who is married to Latina -- over interracial marriage stance
Flying Car Crash In Florida Leaves Two Injured
Man lights up bong after US 23 high-speed chase
Activists plan to show graphic video of live abortions on JumboTron on Alamo grounds
Giving Mankato cop a double 'wet Willy' lands man in jail
33 Police Officers Fire 600 Bullets into Car Knowing It Contained a Hostage, Killing Her
Drunken 500-pound Apopka man couldn't fit into patrol car, report says
Fine Gael senator faces ridicule after saying "water doesn't just fall out of the sky"
Zombie-proof log cabin has 10-year anti-zombie guarantee
Bangalore Half Marathon Leaders Get Lost, Take Train to Finish Line (X-post r/running)
Bee colonies in Brisbane are waging war for months on end, sending waves of workers who collide, grapple and die. A genetic analysis of the battlefield fatalities showed that two different species of stingless bees were fighting for control of a single hive. (X-post from r/science)
Convicted murderer sues state over prison porn ban - Las Cruces Sun-News
Taylor Swift tops Canadian iTunes chart with an eight-second clip of white noise
Would You Have Fucked King Tut?
Conman pretended to be a Quadraplegic for 2 years
Aussie bees fight 'hive wars'
Bangalore Marathon Leaders Get Lost, Take Train to Finish Line
Eric Frein sightings: How 'wilderness ninja' has outfoxed 1,000 cops
The question the Internet is asking today: What happened to Renée Zellweger's face?
Conservative activist kicked off campus after asking if 'big government sucks?'
Oregon Students Play Beer Pong in the Stands During Washington Blowout
Ohio girl, 16, with heart condition collapses at haunted house and dies
بيع و شراء القوائم البريدية email list
Sweden's military calls Russia's breach of its waters "Fucked Up"
Top 5 ISIS Beliefs "Okayed" By God (Including Rape)
Little Girls Dressed As Princesses Say F*ck To Promote Feminism
Toys R Us under fire for drug dealer doll
Runaway chicken suspected of fowl play in Edmonton
Driver distracted by bratwurst sideswipes van
Compliments Are Nice, But Enough With The Cormac McCarthy Comparisons
Michigan Mistakes County Jail for Bar, Gets DUI
State Del. Frank M. Conaway Jr. posts dozens of rambling videos; says he does not believe in evolution
Just Guess What Ferguson Police Found on Missouri Democrat Who Has Sponsored Several 'Anti-Gun' Bills...
Wisconsin driver distracted by bratwurst sideswipes van
Fraudster pretended to be in a coma for TWO YEARS to avoid court over £40,000 scam but was caught walking around Tesco after police traced him using loyalty card
NYC Strip Club Now Offering Ad Space on Its Dancers' Bodies
Charlottetown man likes blowing things up with pipe bombs, court hears
How Clash of Clans Almost Ruined the Kansas City Royals Season
Nude Dude Who Just Wanted To Do Push-Ups Stunned With Taser, Arrested
Conman pretends to be in coma for two years but is caught walking around Tesco
Video game obsession nearly derailed the Royals' season
Man to Obama: Don't touch my girlfriend
Italy: Singing nun chooses 'Like a Virgin' for debut
Lovesick Chinese woman, 26, dumped by boyfriend spends entire week in KFC
Concerned Parent Wants to Hire 'Cool Black Kids' For Bullied Son
3 Colorado Teens May Have Run Away to Join ISIS
Graduating from Barnard College with a degree in English I guess can only be put to good use writing about twerking and tween stars.
Australian teen runs away to join ISIS. Nicknamed the "Ginger Jihadist".
Colorado Teens Safe After Running Away, Trying To Join ISIS
Man fakes coma for two years
Floyd Mayweather Trains Justin Bieber In The Boxing Ring
70-year-old man arrested for dumping 200 kilograms of porn in park
Now more than EVER, Weather.com is out of control
Guy Running For Oakland Mayor Hates Bicycles, Gays, Thinks We Should All Carry Guns
Transgender student blocked from becoming diversity chair because she identified as a white male.
Conservative Radio Host Mocks Troops Suffering from PTSD as 'Weak,' Belittles Those Suffering from Depression
A UBC vending machine is offering free Coke for hugs
Security guards monitor chocolate milk
Dead babies in Winnipeg storage unit 'tragic beyond belief'
Barf Brigade: Thriving night life keeps downtown Fargo cleanup crew busy
Martin Couture-Rouleau, hit-and-run driver, arrested by RCMP in July
Cannabis lamps to grow grass at Rochdale football pitch
Man gets arrested for giving officer a "wet willy"
ISIS Releases Video Featuring Awkward Australian Teen Jihadist
Cosplayer crowdfunds for breast implants
Are we at risk from Ebola-infected suicide bombers? - Australian senetor
U.S. Fighter Jocks Pray The 'ISIS Air Force' Rumors Are True
St. Pete woman accused of stealing from dead neighbor
Magpie electrocuted near Bacchus Marsh, flaming corpse starts fire [x-post from /r/australia]
Property developer gets caught using screenshot from SimCity
Crook County struggles with lack of jail space
Man who 'lives in a bin' becomes internet sensation as video goes viral
Cat given half a litre of vodka to save her life
Can Hand-Cut, Artisanal Ice Make Your Cocktail That Much Better?
Drunken trombone-playing clown fires gun from garage, police say
Prediksi Bayer Leverkusen vs Zenit 23 Oktober 2014
Hong Kong's CY Leung says poor would dominate free vote
US Should Adopt Russia's Approach to Solving Conflicts: Fund Director
Democracy will lead to 'poor' dominating politics, say Hong Kong's China-backed governor
Hong Kong's Leader Laments How Democracy Would Help the Poor
The poor pose election risk, says Hong Kong's leader
Man fakes being in a coma for two years
Man Fakes Coma to Steal £40,000, Gets Caught When He Goes Grocery Shopping
Twitter is 'source of all evil', top Saudi cleric says
Couple shocked to find bondage buddies bum-spanking each other on side of road
Threats to kill, beat up 'touch a dog' organiser surface online
Chewbacca Stops Mr Incredible Vs Batgirl Fight
Man fakes being in a coma for two years to escape theft charge
Conman pretended to be quadriplegic for two years but was caught walking around Tesco
Alan Knight claimed to be quadriplegic to avoid fraud trial... but police had this video of him shopping in Tesco
Rep. Marsha Blackburn Confuses U.S. Borders With Africa's Borders At Hearing.
Former Fisker CEO On What Tesla Needs For Success
Moscow Puts Up Garbled, Unreadable Latin-Letter Street Signs
Man Tells Obama: Don't Touch My Girlfriend
3 Denver girls played hooky from school and tried to join ISIS
Paranoid granny spends £4,000 defending her home against wi-fi signals
Affidavit: Lago Vista police officer kicked, farted on co-worker
Gran spends nearly £4,000 to protect her house against wi-fi and mobile phone signals
Boss gives 1 200 employees cars, jewellery or deposits for houses for their loyalty to the company
Finally, an open-source smart toothbrush with a subscription plan
Drop it like it's hot with Illumibowl's disco toilet light
Man takes a shotgun blast to the chest, takes selfie while bleeding out.
Pregnant Austrian teens who joined Islamic State: 'We've made a huge mistake'
Officials: Three Denver girls played hooky from school and tried to join ISIS
The first party in Belgium receives an application from the grandchild of a Belgian Nazi
Militant Feminists kidnapped our sex doll
iPad Game Nearly Derailed Kansas City Royals' Magical Season
Colgate-Palmolive is recalling mouthwash with bacterial presence above allowable limits
Rwanda Introduces Ebola Screening -- for Americans
Woman Hides Stolen $25K Rolex in Her Crotch After Beating Man, Police Say - Chelsea
Dr. Oz' 'Magic Weight-Loss Cure': Diet Pill Study was Bogus, Researchers Reveal
The NRA is sick of your baffling fear of guns
Shocked family spot men in bondage gear spanking each other on country lane
Michigan woman gets Dui after driving drunk to County Jail, mistakes it for bar
Shocked family spot man in blonde wig and dressed in cream dress spanking another man in full bondage gear
This Man Pretended To Be In A Coma For 2 Years And Conned His Neighbour Out Of £40,000
Lawsuit: Mom, daughter assaulted by clowns with sex toys at haunted house
UK man faked coma for 2 years to avoid court
Taylor Swift hits No. 1 on the Canadian iTunes charts with eight seconds of static
Gangs in New Zealand are making sandwiches for hungry school children.
Socialist Party Pushing $20 Minimum Wage Defends $13-An-Hour Job Listing
Commissioners propose splitting state of Florida in half
Government waste includes Swedish massages for rabbits, monkey gambling lessons
'Virtual rape' - The newest taboo by Feminists.
Soldier shot at National War Memorial
Kenny G Stirs Controversy With Visit to Hong Kong Protest
Your pumpkin can double as a beer keg -- here's how
Tyller Myers, Ohio Teenager, Killed After Running A Stop Sign In Middle Of Stop Sign-Stealing Spree
Alabama Residents Treated to Bigoted 'Anti-Racist is a Code Word for Anti-White' Billboard
Man Faked Coma for 2 Years to Avoid Court
Parents sound off after coach fired for post-game watermelon ritual
Twenty-five stone mum: 'It's not my fault I'm fat - I need more benefits'
'Goodfellas' star sues 'The Simpsons' for $250 million over wiseguy character Louie
Pat McAfee asks Antonio Brown not to kick him in the face
Man Smoked From Bong After High Speed Chase Through Ohio, Michigan
UK man faked coma and tetraplegia for 2 years to avoid court
Goodfellas actor files $250m lawsuit against The Simpsons for using his likeness
Putin Given Country Estates in Crimea
6-pound gold 'Butte Nugget' up for sale in California
Can Democrats Win a 'War on Women' Debate Against a Woman?
Taylor Swift hits #1 on Canadian iTunes chart with eight seconds of white noise
Man accidentally texts probation officer in pot deal
6 dead babies found in locker, woman arrested
Homeland Security confiscates Royals underwear in Kansas City
Man Sells 'Ebola' Heroin Out of New Jersey Hotel Room: Police
An adorable miniature horse had to be rescued from a tiny sinkhole.
3D-printed gun maker in Japan sentenced to two years in prison
El-P Auditions Cats for Meow the Jewels
Top Texas anti-gay crusader complains: Law let lesbian ex-wife divorce me 'way too soon'
8 seconds of noise mistakenly released by Taylor Swift topped Canada's iTunes charts
Colorado Brewer Buys All The Count Chocula Cereal In Fort Collins For Beer
Hot Gay Clowns Make Us Forget Our Biggest Childhood Fears
British man fakes coma for 2 years to avoid police.
Colorado Boy Needs Help Finding the Best Shirt Ever
Rabbit Massages, Gambling Monkeys in Coburn's Final Wastebook
CY Leung: 'Democracy would see poorer people dominate Hong Kong vote'
Harper cancels Malala citizenship event in wake of shooting
GOP congressman tells school children they are to blame for classmate's suicide
Alan Knight, coma faker caught walking and driving, pleads guilty to fraud
Bangalore Marathon Leaders Get Lost, Take Train to Finish Line (x-post /r/India)
Erm, how is crackly eight second Track 3 by Taylor Swift number one on iTunes Canada?
The chair of a House of Lords committee looking at drones was "horrified" when she recently discovered Google Maps
Student jailed for slapping a sleeping woman in the face with his penis while a friend filmed it on his phone
Heartbroken woman spends a week at KFC after a bad breakup
Woman Gets Stuck in the Chimney Of Her Online Date's House?!
iPad game, "Clash of Clans" almost ruined the KS Royals season
Russell Wilson isn't "Black Enough," Seahawks Players Allegedly Say
Eminem buys Wii U to play super smash bros because he is bored with destiny
James Blunt: 'You're Beautiful became annoying'
Man fakes coma for 2 years to avoid going to court
Taylor Swift Tops Canadian iTunes Chart With Eight Seconds of White Noise
University student jailed after slapping woman with his penis while she slept
Maine to vote on using doughnuts to hunt bears.
Russell Wilson "Isn't Black Enough" For Seattle Teammates, According to Seahawks Sources
Officials: 3 Denver girls played hooky from school and tried to join ISIS
School offers to re-hire teacher, 73, sacked 40 years after erotic film role
Caught on Video: Character Brawl Erupts on Hollywood Blvd; Chewbacca, Freddy Krueger Try to Break It Up
School to parents: Does your son have to be Buddhist? | Al Jazeera America
Author Wants Southern States To Secede Over Gay Rights, Name New Country 'Reagan'
Dancing Jesus pirate pleads guilty in BPI-led copyright infringement trial
GOP Congresswoman Laments 'The Obama-Aiken Economy'
Man Accused Of Squeezing Woman's Toes In A South Jersey ShopRite Parking Lot
Spooky pug - the real post
Miley Cyrus Confuses Fans by Owning a Wii U
Man Fakes Coma For 2 Years Just So He Doesn't Have To Go To Court
China furious after Kenny G appears to back Hong Kong protesters
Toys R Us pulls 'Breaking Bad' dolls
Mormons address mystery surrounding undergarments
Extremely Drunk Woman Mistakes Jail for Bar
'Walmart Moms' think America is in the 'crapper'
Actor from the movie Goodfellas sues creators of The Simpsons for character allegedly created from his likeness
California Orders Churches To Fund Abortions-Or Else
Police: Thief distracts victim with question about Magic cards.
Camel cigarette maker Reynolds American Inc. is snuffing out smoking in its offices and buildings
Taylor Swift 'Single' Goes To Number 1 In Canada Even Though It's 8 Seconds Of Static
Ariana Grande, raised Catholic, turns to Kabbalah over brother Frankie Grande's homosexuality
Chewbacca breaks up fight between Mr Incredible and Batgirl
Panty raid: Homeland Security agents confiscate Birdies' Royals underwear
Court: Man pretended to be in a coma for 2 years to avoid court
Forget a good crunch - this apple has a built-in FIZZ: Experts create sparkling fruit that bubbles when it's bitten into.
Republican accidentally tells the truth about Obamacare
NYC POLICE ARRESTS SUBWAY PERFORMER FOR PLAYING GUITAR
Camel maker Reynolds snuffs out workplace smoking
Dubai Real Esate Ad Caught Using SimCity Screenshot
N.J. man arrested for 'Ebola' heroin
Fox News host to atheists: Accept the 'culture' of Jesus in schools when you come to the South
British Man Pleads Guilty After Faking 2 Year Coma to Avoid Court, Cops Say
Royals team became addicted with the game Clash of Clans and almost derailed their season
Why gangs are making sandwiches in New Zealand
Gang feeds hungry school kids
The war on porn is as unwinnable as the war on drugs
Birmingham pays $460,000 to end police beating lawsuit, but only $1,000 goes to plaintiff
Moscow Thief Causes Crash After Trying to Steal Commuter Train
Man Arrested and Charged For "Aggressively Mopping" Floor
'Pretty Goofy': Weird Dinosaur Was Cross Between Barney and Jar Jar Binks
Lena Dunham: "I used to think all I had to do was vote for Obama, & go back to eating Cheetos and masturbating..."
She Tweeted Against the Mexican Cartels. They Tweeted Her Murder.
12-year-old can continue tradition of wearing same blue polo shirt for school pictures
Goodfellas actor sues Fox for using his likeness on The Simpsons
Swedish man allegedly destroys parents' house with chainsaw after they give it to his brother
The chair of a House of Lords committee looking at drones and member of the Digital Skills Committee was "horrified" when she recently discovered Google Maps
Princess in cockfighting case gets probation
Grandmother spends £4,000 WiFi-proofing home
Howard Stern to Obama: Send Juggalos to fight ISIS.
850 voters in NYC are officially 164 years old
Girl Spends Entire Week Inside KFC After Getting Dumped By Boyfriend
Body Is Mistaken for a Halloween Display
Keanu Reeves Wishes More People Wanted To Work With Keanu Reeves
civil liberties award for dominatrix
Camel Cigarette Maker Bans Smoking at Work
Couple hospitalised after sex in the sea left them stuck together
Couple Making Love in Ocean Hospitalized After Getting Stuck Together
Man arrested in Martinsburg after dispute over using too much nacho cheese
Gamergate is loud, dangerous and a last grasp at cultural dominance by angry white men.
Man gets stuck inside woman as sea sex causes suction
'Mouth-to-Snout' CPR Saves Fla. Dog
Police: Drunken-driver arrested in Van Buren County Jail parking lot thought jail was a bar
Florida man accused of beating girlfriend is too fat to fit in patrol car
SC high school football coach fired after team used "watermelons' during celebration, reports say
Rochdale taxi firm offers white drivers on request
Residents ask Illegal Pete's to change name
Characters Brawl On Hollywood Boulevard
Beijing Unsoothed by a Kenny G Visit
Pete Carroll Told a Reporter He Knows How to Properly Pacify Iraq
Winnipeg U-Haul locker contained 6 dead babies
Little sinkhole traps even littler horse in Massachusetts until firefighters' rescue
Swiss Company Apologizes for Creamer Featuring Hitler's Face
Fox News Hosts Tell Young Women Not To Vote, Go Back To Tinder And Match.com
Man Joined Anonymous For 1 Minute, Fined $1,83,000
Guns in senior portraits OK if done tastefully, Nebraska school board says
Flying car crash in Florida injures two
Royals underwear confiscated by Homeland Security for being unlicensed
Students Suspended For Not Using A Racial Slur
White Swipe: A New Dating App Only For White People
Activision says former NYC Mayor Rudy Giuliani will argue its case against Noriega lawsuit
Should the Poor Be Allowed to Vote?
Cổng thanh toán trực tuyến VBAN là sự phối hợp giữa công ty VNPAY và hơn 30 ngân hàng trên cả nước.Tất cả các giao dịch đều được thực hiện Online thông qua website của VBAN.VN, khoản "ngân lượng" thanh toán tiền hàng được chuyển ngay tức thì từ tài khoản người Mua đến tài khoản người Bán,.
Montreal Teacher Fired After Students Find Her 40-Year-Old Nude Scenes
UPDATE: Parking warden pushed to the ground by parent outside school
Man hit by car twice in one day; girlfriend arrested
Swiss company says it does not know how Hitler's face ended up on coffee creamer packages
Woman says she sold pot to help raise grandkids
Monica Lewinsky Speaks Out, Calls Herself "Patient-Zero" for Internet Cyberbullying
Device allows users to charge cellphones with their own blood
Woman Spends Week in KFC After Getting Dumped by Boyfriend
Republican advisor Steve Waters on Facebook argued that homosexuality is abnormal by stating "Is it normal for adult males to wear diapers because their rectal muscles have been so badly abused they can no longer control or tighten them to avoid pooping their pants?"
'Fake' Chelsea footballer jailed for posing as Gael Kakuta
Author says South should form new nation without gays and Hispanics called 'Reagan'
Newly Released Footage Shows A Wild Panda Masturbating
Maker of Camel cigarettes bans smoking in workplace
Terrorist attack in Canada foiled by man "carrying a scepter and wearing rich green robes, white gloves and a tall imperial hat."
Total boss killed in plane crash: investigators blame drunk driver
Nun to release debut album featuring 'Like a Virgin'
Rooftop Owners Drop Lawsuit After Realizing Cubs Games Are Better If You Can't Watch Them.
New Tarantula (Not Beetle) Named After John Lennon
Football Coach Fired Because Eating Watermelon Is Racist
Louisiana man driving his lawnmower drunk attempts to elude police by driving through thick brush; arrested for 3rd DUI
Utah gun shop owner hopes target resembling President Obama as "Obama bin laden" sparks change
Russian Lawmaker Demands to Know Who's Responsible for Syphilis Outbreak | News
Girl tricks a bunch of redditors into jerking off to a picture of her husband's butt
Strange scenario in Marion Indiana
Hackers find a way to virtually rape unsuspecting players. Police say they will investigate.
Will 'Prometheus 2' See Noomi Rapace Battling God?
Terrorist in Ottawa was the son of Canadian immigration chief.
Outrage in Hollywood as 45 year old woman fails to explain her face
Renee Zellweger Hardly Recognizable After Replacing Face With Steve Buscemi's
Russian Singers Compete to Write Ukrainian Separatist Anthem
North Korea to bar tourists over Ebola concerns
Deeply disturbing musical Vladimir Putin doll showing him annexing Crimea could sell for millions at auction in Germany
Beekeeper who was allergic to bees killed by a single sting
Ex-footballer jailed for impersonating Chelsea youngster Gaël Kakuta
Lovesick woman spends a week in KFC after being dumped
Beekeeper who knew he was allergic to the insects died from a single sting
Burglar caught sipping bubbly during break-in
Police: Man pretended to be in a coma for two years to avoid court.
Fox News Thinks Young Women Are Too Busy with Tinder to "Get" Voting
Shia LaBeouf gives 'Shia LaBeouf' video a standing ovation
High School Will Allow Seniors To Pose With Guns In Yearbook Photos
US seniors face student loan debt
North Korea shuts its borders to foreigners over Ebola fears
Australian government announces it wants to scale back the growth of electricity generated from renewable sources.
Department of Homeland Security confiscates illegal Royals panties
Former Boxer Mike Tyson to Join Union of Russian Writers
GRAPHIC VIDEO: Woman blows into cow's backside hoping it will boost milk yield
Newly Discovered Fossils Reveal Goofy-Looking Dinosaur
Presidential Challenger in Brazil Forced to Carry On Without Lindsay Lohan's Support
Camel maker Reynolds halts workplace smoking
Cheetos creates its own soccer team
Polar Bears Wreck Halloween Trick-Or-Treating For Nunavut Hamlet
Mr. Incredible gets in a fight with Batgirl then flips and slams her on the ground.
North Korea to bar foreign tourists over Ebola concerns
Police: Albany man hid 200 bags of heroin in groin
Scientists describe newly discovered dinosaur as 'one of the weirdest', 'pretty goofy'
Bono apologizes for free iTunes album
North Korea to bar foreign tourists over Ebola concerns -tour operators
North Korea to Bar Foreign Tourists Over Ebola Fears
Man from Australia has a live spider removed from his stomach.
Man United or Man City? Dad auctions his son's allegiance
Someone actually created in infographic on 'How To Ride An Escalator'. Buzzfeed actually published this.
Here's How A Simple Tampon Could Save Your Life
Scientists Say Smelling Farts Prevents Cancer
Camel Bans Smoking at Work Starting in 2015 -- NYMag (x-post from offbeat)
Romanian princess sentenced to probation for staging cockfights
YAY!! Nina Pham's dog tests negative for Ebola!
Reagan Aide Wants South To Secede, Form Anti-Gay Nation Named Reagan
Reagan Aide Wants The South To Secede And Form Anti-Gay 'Reagan' Nation
Former Reagan aide suggests Southern states secede, form Reagan nation
Security guards in place for chocolate milk
Cigarette Company Finally Bans Workers From Smoking At Their Desks
No sex please; you're students
Swiss Company Feels Real Bad for Putting Hitler on Its Coffee Creamers
Belgian chocolate maker ISIS needs to change its name again
Jilted woman spends entire week in KFC
Duckbilled Dinosaur Looked Like Jar Jar Binks
CORRUPTION INVESTIGATOR HIRED BY JAN BREWER IS FIRED AFTER FINDING CORRUPTION
Man arrested for sex with beagle
San Antonio tells pro-life protestors they can't use JumboTron at Alamo
Polar bears drive Halloween inside for Canadian kids
Mark Zuckerberg deserves a lot of credit for speaking mediocre Mandarin
Ebola plush toys for kids "selling like hot cakes"
How zombies could decide control of the Washington state Senate
Security guards protecting chocolate milk in supermarkets as demand soars
Reynolds American Headquarters To Ban Smoking
Couple charged with illegal liposuctions appear in court
Homeland Security raids Kansas City boutique over Royals panties
Wannabe lawyer places photo of his penis online in protest at 'tidal wave of social media firings'
Genetically Engineered Super-Humans Could Have IQ's of 1000
Man Fakes Coma For Two Years To Escape Theft Charge
Pitt University Newspaper: "Condemning ISIS is Offensive"
Camel cigarette maker Reynolds bans smoking from offices
Thief makes off with semi-truck carrying 44,000 pounds of Miller High Life beer
Jazz player Kenny G now seen as a threat to china due to Hong Kong selfie
Reagan aide: South should secede and create a new anti-gay country - called Reagan!
Belgium chocolate maker ISIS needs to change its name again
Cops Reel In Phish Fans
Turkish town appreciates 'peace' brought by Islamic State
US tobacco company bans employees from smoking at their desks
Man in Britain jailed for having anime porn.
Humans Genetically Engineered To Be Super Intelligent Could Have An IQ Of 1000
Zuckerberg, in all-Chinese Q&A, says Facebook has '11 mobile users'
Movie Character Brawl Erupts on Hollywood Blvd; Chewbacca, Freddy Krueger Try to Break It Up
Colorado town want's Illegal Pete's burrito restaurant to drop the "I-word"
Woman Spends Entire Week In KFC After Getting Dumped By Her Boyfriend
Semi Truck with 44,000 Lbs. of Miller High Life Stolen in Florida
Woman starts fundraiser to build 6-foot-tall vagina statue and fund abortions
Some want 'illegal' dropped from Illegal Pete's
Our tax dollars at work: $171,000 to study monkey gambling, $856,000 to video mountain lions on treadmills, and other fine project
Man in Britain jailed for possessing anime porn
How Should You Laugh At Renée Zellweger's Face Today?
Departing GCHQ Boss Insists GCHQ Isn't Engaged In Mass Surveillance... If You Define 'Mass' And 'Surveillance' The Way He Does
Florida woman sets roommate on fire after argument about spaghetti
"Here Comes Honey Boo Boo" star "Mama June" Shannon is dating a registered sex offender who was imprisoned for molesting one of her own relatives.
Collins dictionary names "photobomb" the word of 2014, beating twerk, Tinder, bakeoff and normcore
More Cities Are Making It Illegal To Hand Out Food To The Homeless
Michael Brown's Mother, Grandmother And Relatives Melee In Street Over T-Shirt Sales
South Sudan women suggest sex strike to end war
Swiss Company Makes Hitler Creamer Packets; Apologizes for Not Noticing It Was a Bad Idea
Camel cigarette maker Reynolds snuffs out workplace smoking
Chinese woman spends an entire WEEK in KFC after being dumped by boyfriend
Stephen Fry: Girls who had sex with rock stars at 14 wouldn't call themselves victims - they were proud of it
Man accidentally texts probation officer to ask for weed
Maker of Camel cigarettes bans workplace smoking
Three Chinese men arrested in Japan for buying too many diapers
FLORIDA IS SICK OF FLORIDA, WANTS TO SECEDE FROM FLORIDA
Pensioner arrested for dumping 200 kgs of porn in park
Man revives woman with AED, but branded 'pervert' for removing her clothes to apply electrode pads
BP claims the 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico was actually beneficial for the gulf
102 Snakes Found in Home in Canada
Georgetown nursing student dies of meningitis after tweeting 'I think I'm dying' - NY Daily News
Pounds for lbs: Government to PAY fat people if they lose weight
Top VA GOP adviser unhinged on Facebook: Gay sex leaves men in diapers, 'pooping their pants'
Discarded Power Mac G5s 'Upcycled' Into Modern Office Furniture
Louie Gohmert: Gays Shouldn't Serve In The Military Because Massages Will Make Them Vulnerable To Terrorism
'Spam Nation' Publisher Discloses Card Breach
Texas Health Workers Use Tabasco to Help Train for Ebola (X-post r/Ebola)
Mission Creeps: Homeland Security Agents Confiscate Women's Panties For 'Copyright Infringement'
Dear Prudence: Kids from poorer neighborhoods keep coming to trick-or-treat in mine. Do I have to give them candy?
Cameron Chides EU States Spending Less Than Ikea On Ebola
Schoolboy placed in 'isolation' because his hair is cut too short.
Bodie the dapper Shiba Inu pulls in $15,000 a month as a dog model
Man Calls a Suicide Prevention Hotline, SWAT Team Shows Up and Kills Him
Cockroach climbs City Council chambers as pest control commissioner testifies
US Gov. to Hold Summit to Discuss How to Fight Ebola With Robots, Drones
Flight delayed by ultra-orthodox Jewish men refusing to sit next to women
Watch: Cops chase runaway horse through the streets of New York
'God kept me safe,' says Boise woman mystified by odd trip
Thurston Moore acknowledges that it's hard to tell Sonic Youth songs apart
Alabama man gets $1,000 in police settlement, his lawyers get $459,000
4chan Screenshot Sells for $90,900 in eBay 'Art' Auction
Men With Stretched-Out Earlobes Are Getting Surgery Because They Can't Get Jobs
Mr. Incredible Slams Batgirl in Hollywood Blvd. Scuffle
For Swiss, a Distasteful Jolt With Coffee: Hitler Creamer
Man Pretends to Be in a Coma For 2 Years to Avoid Going to Court
Pat Robertson: You can get AIDS from towels
Olfactory Artist Has Crafted A 'Holy Water' Sculpture That Smells Like Vagina
As firefighters rescue World Series tickets from Mission Hills home, George Brett appears
Gun found in inmate's hair weave at Wake County jail
South Sudan women suggest sex strike to end civil war
Louisville restaurant takes crab legs off menu with Winston, FSU in town
Toddler rescued after climbing into toy machine
British man pretended to be quadriplegic, comatose to avoid court
This is a real law firm in Philly. Yup.
Tweets In Hong Kong Put Kenny G In Jam With Communist Party
Romanian Princess, Husband Sentenced for Oregon Cockfighting Ring
Thousands queue for 'meat stone'
Rock On! How to Throw a Punk Rock-Inspired Party
NFL player Percy Harvin helped divide the Seahawks locker by saying Russell Wilson wasn't "black enough".
Entire shed stolen from Newton Abbot garden.
HS Football Team's Season Cancelled After Reports Of Waterboarding
Your Tax Dollars Paid for Swedish Massages for Rabbits
Manchester police forced to release 'Welsh' drunk
KFC unveils breadless meat beast burger with fried chicken acting as buns
Seniors at Broken Bow High School in Nebraska have been granted their God-given right to pose with guns for their upcoming senior portraits...
RJ Reynolds, the tobacco company, bans smoking in its offices
Kim Kardashian's daughter will have to work hard - just like Kim did.
Woman in Texas fundraises to erect a giant statue of a vagina
Jazz musician Kenny G angers China with Hong Kong protest visit
Swiss Company Recalls Coffeee Creamers With Hitler's Face on Them
Future of 'Honey Boo Boo' in flux after reports of mom dating child molester
Alfonso Ribeiro Injured His Groin Doing The Carlton Dance
Kids from poorer neighborhoods keep coming to trick-or-treat in mine. Do I have to give them candy?
Creator of 'Beat Up Anita Sarkeesian' says #Gamergate is anti-harassment
Mexican Prosecutor Says Mayor, Wife Ordered Attack On Students
Andrew Hawkins boots son, 2, from house for being A.J. Green fan
UK: 18-year-old girl jailed for a year for putting a slice of bacon on the door handle of a mosque
Douglas MacKinnon Calls For Southern U.S. To Secede As Anti-Gay Nation Called 'Reagan'
HBO gangster Michael K. Williams to play gangster for HBO
Child molestation leads to TLC finally being offended by Honey Boo Boo
Georgetown nursing student dies of meningitis after tweeting 'I think I'm dying'
Browns receiver kicks 2-year-old son out of house for liking A.J. Green
North Korea To Become First Country to Shut Borders over Ebola Fear
London police officer arrested for possession of ammunition.
Cigarette-Maker Reynolds American To Ban Smoking At Work
Goodfellas actor Frank Sivero sues The Simpsons for $285 million for stealing his likeness
PR firm hired to help Marshall make College Football Playoff case
Pat Robertson asserts that gay rights activists are terrorists, because they want to force Christians to make them cakes.
Cosign of the Times: The Rich Are Borrowing to Pay for College Too
Company Finds Out The Hard Way It's Illegal To Pay $1.21 An Hour In America
Man who called suicide hotline later shot by police
Hello Neo: Nokia Now Exists Only In Movie Form
Ebola Halloween Decorations Cause Controversy
Ottawa attack: MPs fashioned spears while Harper whisked into closet
Spokane park attendants looking for owner of leg sitting in lost and found for quite some time.
Boulder orders homeowners to rebuild historic shed they tore down
Students at a Nebraska High School Can Now Pose With Guns in Their Senior Portraits
Walker's bald spot becomes topic in hotly contested race
US tobacco giant Reynolds bans smoking in its offices
Chrissy Teigen Quits Twitter in Wake of Controversial Gun Control Tweet
Marijuana company purchases the domain "Ebola.com" using shares of another marijuana company owned by former Presidential candidate Gary Johnson
Author calls for South to secede and form country called Reagan
Kenny G Angers Authorities And Activists After Hong Kong Protest Selfie
Three Sushi Restaurants Close After Owners Dispute
Fox Host Tells Supermodel To Shut Up About Gun Control - 'You Have A Nice Bottom...Stick To That'
Nicki Minaj falls asleep four times while being asked about her bum
Reynolds American, the nation's 2nd largest tobacco company, will no longer let its employees smoke in most places at work
Facebook Launches 'Rooms' App for Anonymous Chats
Maker of Camel cigarettes bans smoking in the workplace
Husband who killed and cooked his wife lied about being a chef, friends claim
Clippers Owner Steve Ballmer Goes Full Ballmer While Cheering Team in Preseason
Man cuts off penis, throws in bin
Ex-Presidential Aide Calls For Southern States To Secede And Form Anti-Gay Nation Called 'Reagan'
Tourists allow boy to urinate in busy eatery
"What is a rave?" Judge Judy discovers dance culture, does not approve
Singing nun Sister Cristina maintains habit with cover of Madonna's Like a Virgin
3 Denver girls play hooky from school and try to join ISIS
Texas Health Workers Use Tabasco to Help Train for Ebola
A London school teacher pays more UK tax than Facebook
MPs fashioned spears while Harper whisked into closet.
Scientists Consider Repurposing Robots for Ebola
Muslim Woman Asks Local Wisconsin Official About Buses, Gets Grilled About Sharia Law
Frank Gehry Claims Today's Architecture is (Mostly) "Pure Shit"
Justin Bieber is training boxing under Floyd Mayweather and he isn't good
Heads or tails? Coin toss decides Peru election
TV Anchor Warns New Yorkers To Not Eat Maybe Ebola-Infected Poop
Woman gets dumped by boyfriend, spends entire week in Chengdu KFC
Overzealous NYPD Officer Mistakes Fellow Cop for Suspect, Proceeds to Kick Him in the Head
Young Women: Dont Vote, Just Update Your Tinder Profile
Boring man drives stolen car to court, pays for parking
Bill would end benefits paid out to Nazis
Man was shot by his friend for farting
BuzzFeed: Exclusive: Shakeup At NSA After BuzzFeed News Reports On Potential Conflict Of Interest
Woman looked too young for kids' Halloween carving kits
Haryana paanwala gets Rs 132 crore power bill ($220,483)
Lawmaker Reports Attempted ATM Robbery Inside Russian State Duma
Hackers Put Nude Snapchat Pictures Online
Ottawa shooter tried to rob Vancouver McDonald's with stick
Woman finds three-inch leech living up her nose
New Zealand Is Running Out Of Chocolate Milk And People Are Going Insane
CNN disappointed with Canadians' lack of panic
Allosaurus Died From Stegosaur Spike to the Crotch, Wyoming Fossil Shows
Hungary plans to impose new tax on Internet traffic
Cigarette maker bans smoking at company HQ
James Blunt apologizes for his "annoying" hit song "You're Beautiful"
WIFE BEATS UP MAN FOR ASKING MORE ROTIS
Hungary plans new tax on Internet traffic, public calls for rally
A new contraceptive device is on the market and it's called the Scroguard
European Scientists Conclude That Distant Comet Smells Terrible
Investors in anti-Facebook startup have no idea how it will make money
Video of Irish-dancing priests in Rome goes viral
Haryana paanwala gets Rs 132 crore power bill
Man chops off his own penis after girlfriend told him he was no good in bed.
Gang of 11 Liverpool youths arrested after probe into suspected rape of 43-year-old woman
Hatchet-Wielding Man Who Attacked Cops 'Just an Angry Guy'
Tobacco company bans smoking in the office
Armed police called in - to be confronted by Klingons at superhero-themed party
Rapper Stitches Offers Cocaine to Audience; Wife Chases Him Off Stage
Brawling Parents Ruin Kids' Football Season
Conservative Calls For Secession Over Gay Rights, New Country Name 'Reagan'
ISIS 'School of Jihad' trains small children how to behead, torture and use AK-47s
"Honey Boo Boo" finally gets cancelled...not because of show quality but because mom is dating a convicted child molester
Dudes Try On Sexy Halloween Costumes!!!
Boyfriend Set On Fire After Spaghetti Row
NY ANCHOR: DON'T EAT POOP FOUND IN THE STREET
Man chops off own penis after being dumped by his girlfriend - Telegraph
Woman stabbed to death in front of her children over parking space
Aaron Paul: Barbies are worse than "Breaking Bad" dolls
Sperm bank mix up: White lesbian couple gets a black baby
Most Financial Research Is Probably Wrong, Say Financial Researchers
#ShareaCondom Campaign Proves (Safe) Sex Sells
Aaron Paul: Barbie worse than "Breaking Bad" dolls
John Boyett of the Broncos practice squad was arrested for head-butting a cab driver, stealing a shovel, and trying to hide from police by covering himself in mulch.
8 Year Old Scores First Touchdown, Team Fined $500
Daddy snooze: More than half of fathers feign sleep to dodge child-rearing night duties
DHS Agents Raid Lingerie Shop, Save America From Unlicensed Underwear
'Provocative' dog-petting event testing Muslim patience, Utusan columnist says
Peyton Manning not happy with scoreboard operator
Roy man calls Suicide Hotline, killed after SWAT standoff
TLC draws the line at child molestation, cancels Honey Boo Boo
Strippers sue to stop creepy guy from knowing their real names
Statue of Liberty to Get Dressed Up for Halloween
Homer Simpson Blamed for Britain's Obesity Problem
Homer Simpson blamed for obesity problem
Strippers sue Pierce County to stop release of IDs
'Unsightly' cabbies hurting tourism: Yarmouth mayor, B&B owner
Salon.com: Black People in "Dear White People" Not Dark Enough
You Don't Have to Feel Your Breasts
Drunk woman picked up at an RBT in Darwin City searching for a kebab.
No, Farts Don't Prevent Cancer: Claims Don't Pass the Smell Test - NBC News
West Virginia Man Accused Of Sex With Dog, Neighbors Not Surprised
Man, claiming to be cannibal and killer, arrested at a church following altercation with 7-11 employee regarding amount of nacho cheese dispensed from machine.
Football Season Canceled After High School Players Allegedly Waterboarded Rookies
European Scientists Conclude That Distant Comet Smells Terrible : The Two-Way : NPR
Utah man calls suicide prevention hotline for help. Swat team responds and kills him.
Luis Suarez admits he is getting help to stop biting opponents
Man, Once Arrested for Beating Drag Queen with Tiki Torch Dressed in KKK Uniform Runs for Mayor
'Honey Boo Boo' Canceled After Reports Claim Mama June is Dating a Sex Offender
Roach Scurries Around City Council Chamber As Pest Control Boss Testifies
KFC Launch New 'Breadless Burger' Using Chicken As The Bun
Guy Accidentally Texts His Probation Officer "You Have Some Weed?"
Britons have worse oral health today than in Roman times despite toothbrushes, dentists: study
Darth Vader Is Running for Prime Minister of Ukraine, Vowing to Take On Putin
The Federal Highway Administration helped fund a $144,000 bridge in Morrison, CO, that had to be demolished because the U.S.-cast steel in the structure was rolled into beams in Canada. U.S. 'Buy American' provisions limit the amount of foreign steel that can be used in federally funded projects.
Suspect says Satan made him smash into Oklahoma Ten Commandments monument
A married Secret Service agent had trouble extraditing a hacker from Romania, so he pretended he was a woman, flirted for 7 months online, and nabbed the criminal when he flew to Boston with 3 boxes of grape-flavored condoms.
New York City cops leave Ebola doctor's apartment and dump their gloves and masks in a trash can.
Heterosexual couple files gay marriage lawsuit in Kansas
Judge Rules L.I. Woman Can Keep $10,000 Ring After Dumping Boyfriend
Pentagon Puts For-Profit Schools On Probation
Broncos player tries to hide in mulch after assaulting cab driver
The nation's second-largest tobacco company says its employees are no longer allowed to smoke in the office.
Woman Dumped by Boyfriend Spends Entire Week Mourning at KFC
Rep. Gohmert: Gays 'Getting Massages All Day' Make The Military 'Vulnerable To Terrorism'
Nine ways the government squandered your money, according to Sen. Coburn's 2014 'Wastebook'
Peyton Manning on Broncos scoreboard operator: "Wasn't his best night"
Woman sets her flatmate on fire because he threw away her spaghetti meatballs
OPD squad car of fallen officer revamped into Oakland's first police low rider
Nearly $2 million for a teardown in Palo Alto
Wisconsin man armed with 33 sex toys arrested after he is accused of throwing them at teenage girls
My animals were 'friendly, timid and loving' says owner of dogs that savaged Jade Lomas-Anderson to death
Woman sets roommate on fire over plate of meatballs, police say
Ebola-themed Halloween decorations at Texas house attracting controversy
Humans owe joy of sex to ancient fossilised Scottish fish: Australian scientists
New Zealand supermarkets hire security guards to monitor chocolate milk sales
When Chewbacca, Waldo, & Freddy Krueger Broke Up A Fight Between Mr. Incredible & Batgirl
French President Is Definitely Okay With That Giant 'Butt Plug' Sculpture
New Zealand's chocolate milk black market is booming
Student allowed to bring religious knife to class.
Pregnant Austrian teen who ran off to join ISIS says she 'made a mistake'
'Honey Boo Boo' canceled after Mama June accused of dating sex offender
80-year-old Indio woman frustrated with closet door in her brand new home at Sun City Shadow Hills
Boyfriend cuts off his penis and throws it in the bin after girlfriend dumps him for being bad in bed
Eight Reasons You Wish Your Kid Was More Like Honey Boo Boo
Here Comes Honey Boo Boo Cancelled After Report Links Mama June Shannon to Alleged Sex Offender
Health Insurers Worried That Obamacare Might Have to Be Implemented as Written
Gohmert: Gays Shouldn't Serve in Military Because They'd Just Be 'Getting Massages All Day'
House of horrors footage: Home of grave robber historian who dug up 29 girls and dressed them for birthday parties
Rapper Drake celebrates 28th birthday at Dave and Busters.
Dwarves hidden in sports bags target Swedish coaches
A man collecting exotic dancers' addresses says he wants to pray for them
Delta Airlines Issues Sincere Apology For Randomly Generated Confirmation Code 'H8GAYS'
Delta Airlines Apologies For Computer Generated 'H8GAYS' Confirmation Code
Police search for couple accused of trying to sell child at gas station
Rich Lady Hates It When Poor Kids Trick-or-Treat In Her Neighborhood
What can you do when your airline offends you? Not that much. (Previously known as delta apologies for h8gays conformation code)
Delta Airlines Apologies For Computer Generated 'H8GAYS' Confirmation Code (sorry for repost)
Westport man charged with drug possession
TV host to New Yorkers: Don't eat Ebola-contaminated poop
Darth Vader hopes force with him in Ukraine polls
A student is seriously injured after police say an air hose was placed in his rectum during shop class.
2 Grown Men Met In A Field To Settle a Fantasy Football Dispute
Police: Student's rectum injured by air hose
Putin Says Don't Mess With Mother Russia
Fake exploding bong picture is fak
Fake exploding bong picture is fake
72 year old paints house in "anti-radiation" paint to protect herself from wifi signals; goes to school to give lesson on dangers of wifi
Man accidentally sends text to probation officer asking for weed
Attempting to buy marijuana from your probation officer is not a smart idea
Anti-Rape Culture Rally Accused of Promoting Rape Culture
California woman gets stuck in chimney trying to sneak into home
Naked Man Held After Being Found With Dog
Mentally ill man allegedly rapes pit bull
Reports: Some teammates think QB Russell Wilson isn't black enough
Inmate accidentally released instead of taken to jail
Oakland to Finally Legalize Pinball After 80-Year Ban
Woman dies after eating 'death cap' mushroom she cooked for romantic meal with husband
Utah man shot and killed by SWAT team after calling suicide hotline
40 Young Women Panic at Man's Funeral After Learning He Died of Aids
Former White House aide proposes America's south breaks off to 'form its own anti-gay country that would be called Reagan'
western cosplayers are suck and ruining Anime
Bus driver beats crying thief with bat while driving
Canadian Band Nickelback Encouraging Agitation Against Chinese Government
Why Mark Zuckerberg Puts the Rest of Us to Shame
Department of Homeland Security Executes Panty Raid in Kansas City
2014 Nobel Peace Prize Winner Told 2009 Peace Prize Winner to Quit Bombing People
Wash. School Gunman Crowned Homecoming Prince Last Week
Irritated by noise, drunk businessman opens fire in CP
Canadian lawmakers sharpened flagpoles into spears to defend PM
Torquay United Mascot Gilbert the Gull turned on own fans calling them 'c***s' and offered to fight them.
Religion of peace threatens guy with death by stoning for holding a dog petting event
'Uninhabitable' Palo Alto Home On Market For $1.8M
LanceManion » peace is not the answer
Woman Finds Naked Man With Her Pitbull -- And It Gets Weirder From There
Jaded by supercars, Dubai's residents ogle classics
بالخطوات والصور اسرع طرق تخسيس الارداف فى اسبوع
"You're tearing us apart", former Hong Kong leader Tung Chee-hwa tells protesters
11-year-old girl teaches self to dubstep, blow ups Internet
Coyotes help nab escaped inmate
Mysterious giant sharks may be everywhere
NYPD caught dumping hazmat gear from Ebola site into street garbage can
Biting is appalling but harmless, says Suarez
Man, Later Arrested at Church, Made Cannibalistic Threats to 7-Eleven Employee Over Nacho Cheese
Man Threatens to Kill 7-Eleven Employee Over Nacho Cheese
Man fakes coma for two years to avoid court
'Darth Vader' goes to polls in Ukraine and wants to turn state into 'galactic empire'
NC teacher accused of having sexual relationship with student has tattoo of victim's name
Hillary Clinton: "Don't Let Anybody Tell You Corporations Create Jobs"
'Dorothy' app controls phone features with heel clicks
Getting pregnant gets easier when eating ice cream
Woman allegedly sets roommate on fire over tossed leftovers
Ottawa shooting: Zehaf-Bibeau used junk mail as temp licence plate
Microsoft Talks Minecraft Buyout, Possibility of Minecraft 2.
Homeland Security Goes On Panty Raid
western cosplayers are suck and ruining Anime so an anti western cosplayers movement are formed to tackle this problem
Yes people, if you install 700 applications on your iPhone, it will not work very well
Torquay United mascot "Gilbert the Gull" called fans c**** and tried to start a fight'
You heard it here first: if you install 700+ applications on your iPhone, it will not work very well
Torquay United mascot Gilbert the Gull accused of challenging own supporters to fight after calling them a 'bunch of c****'
Indian PM Modi at a Hospital opening 'Plastic surgeon may have fixed elephant's head on Lord Ganesha'
Racist BDS Activists Try to Put Pig's Head in Kosher Food, Put it in Halal Instead
Professor suspended from top university for giving off 'negative vibes'
Man Calls a Suicide Prevention Hotline, SWAT Team Shows Up and Kills Him Read more at http://www.punkrocklibertarians.com/man-calls-suicide-prevention-hotline-swat-team-shows-kills/#csuLxPjyFJBIZiPU.99
Ukraine election 'force': Darth Vader leaves Kiev kids in tears
Wisconsin woman writes to councilman with question about bus services. He replies insisting she must condemn Hamas.
Nickelback's new song deemed Western Propaganda by Chinese newspaper
A comet in space smells like rotten eggs and horse urine
Students of Romanian school learn anatomy on former principal's skeleton
Shanghai boy claims he can tell your video game future
Local grandfather won't just accept alien overlords
Woman arrested with over $70,000 in her stomach
University students lights fireworks as gesture of love, sets campus on fire
Utah man shot and killed by SWAT after calling suicide hotline
After Oktoberfest and 'Pet-a-dog' event, Muslims now warned against Halloween
Are we in a tech bubble? Silicon Valley says 'yes' and 'no'
Kenyan lawyer sues Israel for killing jesus
Katy Perry And Her Corndogs Were Prominently Featured On ESPN's Colleg... Stephen Hawking Has Joined Facebook To Gain A Greater Understanding Of... And Now The World Clown Association Is Mad At 'American Horror Story'
Homeless, struggling street drummer in Chicago lucky to make $104K annually.
Can You Get Ebola From a Bowling Ball?
Law let's IRS seize large amounts of money, no crime required
Mindy Kaling got mistaken for Malala Yousafzai at the New Yorker festival
Queen's first tweet: Reply telling Her Majesty to 'f*** off'
Smart people listen to Radiohead and dumb people listen to Beyoncé, according to study
Islamic State Treats Hostages 'Well,' According to New Propaganda Video
SNP apology call after North Sea oil discovery
Buy a Ring, Get a Gun at Lubbock Jeweler This Weekend
Man Smashes Ten Commandments Monument, Blames Satan
Video: Dancing priests fight it out in tap-dance battle
Nintendo and Playboy Join Forces to Promote Bayonetta 2
City brought to a halt, man on roof.
Banff trick-or-treaters warned to carry bear spray after grizzly sighting
Russia turns back the clocks to permanent winter time
Bullied 14-Year-Old Fights Back and Gets Severely Injured-Now HE Faces Assault Charges
State Orders Man to Pay $30,000 in Welfare Benefits for Child Both Mother and DNA Test Say Isn't His
Jennifer Aniston stays at home to avoid cyber bullying
Comfort eating? Chinese woman, 26, spends an entire WEEK in KFC after being dumped by boyfriend
South Sudan: Women propose sex strike for peace
Jenny McCarthy: I Am Not Anti-Vaccine
Ebola.com Domain Sold For $200,000 To Russian Marijuana Company
Detroit man fights $30K child support bill for kid that is not his
I wish I aborted my son with down syndrome
Girl Disappointed That Wisdom Teeth Surgery Doesn't Turn Her Into Nicki Minaj
CHP officer investigated for sending himself nude photos from suspect's phone
Man runs over Oklahoma State House's Ten Commandments statue, blames Satan.
Secret Service Arrests Ten Commandments Statue Smasher: The assailant told authorities that Satan made him do it
Hitler image on coffee cream label proves a Swiss miss
Front National councillor urges French far-Right party to convert to Islam
Man feels misled, frustrated that tattoos cost him job
When it was Legal to Mail a Baby Early postal laws left door open for 'baby mail'
Meet the man who is adjusting 4,000 clocks as British Summer Time comes to an end
Feds Issue Warning: Please Stop Taking Selfies With Bears
Woman Arrested Smuggling $70,000 in Her Stomach
Buzz Aldrin really wants to send people to Mars - and leave them there for a long time
Eric Decker: New York Jets are still in AFC East race
Canadian PM hid in cupboard while MPs sharpened flagpoles to fight gunman
Elon Musk Thinks Sci-Fi Nightmare Scenarios About Artificial Intelligence Could Really Happen
Woman sets fire to her flatmate after he throws out her spaghetti and meatballs
Russia's Putin blames U.S. for destabilizing world order
US army recruits athletes by alcohol, women
Squirrel ends up in back seat of Mich. police car
Junta in Thailand promoting martial law tourism
Thailand says military rule is a tourist attraction
Japan approves law to allow dancing past midnight
Belgian Chocolate maker, ISIS, to change it's name again
The sun setting later increases children's activity levels. - BBC News
Later sunsets 'increase children's activity levels'
Apple emails porn to developers to prove their app can be used to view porn
Hong Kong Protesters Delay Referendum Amid Differences over issues, method of polling
Hong Kong Democracy Protesters Call Off Vote Amid Differences over Issues, Method of Polling
Dallas Buyers Club movie makers hunt illegal Aussie downloaders
German national barred from leaving Philippines due to a pending deportation case in the Philippines
Queen's first tweet: Reply telling Her Majesty to 'f*** off' is broadcast on BBC News
Woman waking from wisdom teeth surgery is devastated after finding out she isn't Nicki Minaj
Seriously?! Aunt Asks Gay Nephew If She Can Call Him 'Albert the Faggot'
Man accidentally texts his probation officer asking for weed
Humans Have Smelled Our First Comet - And It Smells Terrible
Belgian chocolate maker, ISIS, to change its name again
Mayfair club to host 'Ebola' themed Halloween party
Daughter of Houston mayor denied driving test because she has two moms
Russell Wilson not Black Enough
Burglary victim comes face to face with man using his stolen credit card in freak coincidence at China bank
City official Errol Louis Warns New Yorkers To Not Eat Ebola-Infected poop.
France Gripped By Clown Terror
Kickstarter campaign to raise money for a fake phone
I.R.S. Views Depositing Less Than $10,000 as Avoiding a Government Report, Thus Triggering the Theft of Assets...
Dancing at Monster Mash party stopped by police over disputed event permit
There's a new Kickstarter campaign to raise money for a fake phone
Panic as clown terror spreads to southern France
Kim Kardashian Says North West Will Get a Job When She Grows Up
Seriously people, stop taking 'selfies' with bears
Police shoot and kill man threatening suicide
Connecticut man allegedly found raping pit bull tells dog's owner ISIS sent him
NY1 Anchor Politely Reminds New Yorkers Not to Eat Poop
Calif. sheriff deputy killed in line of duty 26 years to the day his cop father died while on job
Ape builds a fire and toasts marshmallows
Turn Your Princess-Obsessed Toddler Into A Feminist In Eight Easy Steps
HomeNewsClubbing Screen shot 2014-10-21 at 16.55.30 Woman Who Smelled Her Armpit On Boiler Room Given Own TV Show
Law Will Allow Employers to Fire Women for Using Whore Pills
Cuddly Ebola Toys Are Flying Off The Shelves
Dead babies near oil drilling sites raise questions for researchers
Russian poetry lover gets 8 years for murder of prose fan
World's Longest Snake Has Virgin Birth
Intent on collecting a debt from a Marathon County man, local authorities sent two dozen armed officers - and an armored vehicle.
Bedford woman shocked her mail key opens neighbour's mailbox
France - Panic as clown terror spreads to southern France - France 24
Man drops cigarette, runs over his own head
Macon record shop to mix vinyl, veggies
Russia To End Daylight Savings Because of Upset Cows
America's First Cat Cafe Opens in Oakland
Man drops cigarette, runs over own head
Dating apps hit sex industry hard
Guy wins the lottery and his smoking hot neighbour proposes to him. [Translation from danish]
Would-be concert crasher gets stuck in vent at PNE Read more: http://bc.ctvnews.ca/would-be-concert-crasher-gets-stuck-in-vent-at-pne-1.2071132#ixzz3HIbgOfao
Paul McCartney says Kanye West and Jay Z was the best gig he's attended
Gang of 14 'evil clowns' arrested for 'chasing people with weapons and laughing manically'
Bears' Lamarr Houston injures himself celebrating
How to survive an Ebola apocalypse: Doomsday preppers head for the hills
Pennsylvania buys giant anus or possibly a pair of giant testicles to hunt for cop killer.
Man tries to rob petrol station with a boomerang
Australian man tries to rob gas station with boomerang, flees when it fails to return
Man arrested for driving drunk on lawn mower
'I knew she was a stunner when I saw the ultrasound image': Six-week-old is Britain's youngest beauty pageant entrant after her mother saw how 'beautiful' she was
Teen's quest for Amazon 'medicine' ends in tragedy
Goodfellas actor sues The Simpsons for allegedly stealing his likeness
Sexy Ebola nurse costumes: One for sale online, the other a Photoshopped hoax
Killer Turns Abandoned Home Into Haunted House, Uses Real Corpses As Props
Nurse quarantined for Ebola monitoring will sue: lawyer
Judd Nelson's agent sends photo to dispel Twitter rumors of actor's death
Their Struggles: Bristol Palin & Malala Yousafzai's Memoirs, Compared
Inflatable air bladder bursts under weight of 700,000-pound tree...
Lake Tahoe Hikers Taking Too Many Dangerous Bear Selfies
Cancer concerns over turf cause Township to halt work on sports park
Men wearing Ku Klux Klan outfit, motorbike helmet and niqab try to enter Parliament House in Canberra
WARNING IS ISSUED ON COCAINE AND SEX
Decapitated escape serious bus crash
Police-brutality protest ends with clash with Phoenix Police Department
University Professor Advocates Human Genocide To Save Deer
Mother wins right to terminate daughter's life
Roy police calling officer-involved shooting 'suicide by cop'
Man nearly dies trying to save Chuckles the parrot from tree
Trick or Treat? The Frightening Climate Costs of Halloween Candy
BCSO: Man kidnapped for Play Station 4
Priests Duel In A Tap Dance Off
Halloween causes global warming
Massachusetts Father Mad Just Because Public School Teaches 'There Is No God But Allah'
Wave of clown attacks spreads panic in France
Ebola fear prompts change at Minnesota African restaurant
Forget Facebook, Abandon Instagram, Move To A Village
Australian teenager in ISIL video an 'idiot', says family
LAX Flight Delayed After Wifi Hotspot Named "Al Quida Terror Network" prompts concerns
Regretful robber returns cash a few hours later- gets arrested anyways
Teen busted for stealing Rock Hard erection cream, handcuffs, and Deep Throat desensitizing spray from mall
Gangland London: West London Drugs Ring Caught After Posing for Selfies with Cannabis and Cash
'I was looking for Isis terrorists,' woman allegedly caught stealing from cars tells police
French Towns Are Freaking Out Over People Dressed As Evil Clowns
New Zealand Man Rides On Top Of Car To Hold Free Fridge In Place
Bus driver spent six months on bail under extreme pornography laws for being sent a film of a woman having sex with a tiger - only for prosecutors to drop the charge when it was discovered the 'animal' was just a man in a costume.
LAX flight delayed after WIFI hotspot name prompts concerns
Lord Falconer says he has lost five stone on Diet Coke and apples.
The marijuana industry could be bigger than the NFL by 2020
Dubai giving away bars of gold to people riding public transportation in order to promote its usage.
Ku Klux Klan protest at Parliament House
Russian Businessman Fined for Delivering Pizza by Drone
Meet Lebanon's cannabis farmers joining the fight against IS
RIDICULOUS REENACTMENT: Woman Claims She Faked Deafness To Keep Boyfriend
Crazy Chick Says She Faked Deafness To Keep Her Boyfriend
A former U.S. soldier battles ISIS
Professor suspended for 9 months for "inappropriate sighing". X-post from r/unitedkingdom
Europeans were allergic to cheese for 4,000 years
Belarus Wants to Criminalize Unemployment
Sharing Nude Photos of Arrested Women is a 'Game' for California Highway Patrol Cops
Russian Health agency warns selfies 'spread head lice'
Senator Mark Kirk introduces anti-bullying app
Federal investigators, Reddit users hunt National Parks vandal
Couple sentenced over 1,500 years for child pornagraphy
Media Forget CONTEXT in Effort to Scandalize Clinton Trickle Down Remark
Off-grid German village banks on wind, sun, pig manure
SpaceX CEO warns MIT students about 'summoning the devil' with artificial intelligence development
Man Throws Chihuahua At Window Of Starbucks That Banned Him
Man sent spoof video of man in a tiger suit having sex. Put on bail for 6 months for possesing animal porn. Case dropped when man in said suit can be heard doing 'Tony the Tiger' impression.
'Tree of the Year' competition finalists announced
Leonardo DiCaprio wears chimpanzee mask as he helps underdressed women into car after dinner
Viral Rapper Stitches Hits A Snag With His Giving-The-Audience-Cocaine Shtick
Man arrested after running into PM on the way to the gym
Homeopaths Are Currently on the Ground in West Africa
Watch Jennifer Aniston Make A HORROR Comeback Movies Starring Movies (Ep.5) 'HORROR MOVIE'
Fishers police say don't fear mysterious clown
Plants Can Tell When They're Being Eaten
Kim Jong Un Closely Inspects Hello Kitty Set at Orphanage
Elon Musk is scared of killer robots
Walmart offends with website section for 'fat girl costumes'
Wikipedia Emerges as Trusted Internet Source for Ebola Information
PA politician takes to scare tactics on social media to call out a citizen who was photographed removing his sign.
Police cruiser involved in accident responding to accident involving police cruiser
Chihuahua on mend after being thrown against Starbucks window
Get a taste of the afterlife with one theme park's cremation ride
"Al-Quida Free Terror Nettwork" WiFi Name Delays Flight for 17 Hours
In response to "Man drops cigarette, runs over own head" I give you.... Man run over by own car due to three giant baked potatoes (2005)
Testimony from Minnesota's For-Profit Globe University Trial
Russian Actor Says Ebola Victims Reanimating as Zombies
DIY is in decline because today's men are too soft
Naked Man Accused Of Raping Pit Bull In Neighbor's Yard, Says ISIS Sent Him
Crossing guard slips on banana peel, taken to hospital
Walmart forced to apologize for describing women's plus size Halloween outfits as 'fat girl costumes'
Woman Wakes From Dental Surgery, Cries Because She's Not Nicki Minaj
Fighting Back: The CIA Has Launched A Brutal ISIS Parody Account On Twitter
Plot to kill the Loch Ness monster revealed
There's a sculpture on the moon commemorating fallen astronauts
7 Things I Can Do That My Black Son Can't
Nintendo brings sexy back with Playboy
Woman dies after downing 2 gallons of Coca-Cola daily
Wrexham man wrongly accused of owning tiger porn video calls for change in law
Man on moped leads dozens of police on chase
Drunken man throws Chihuahua at Texas Starbucks window
Baker Opening Artisan Toast Bar
Governor Caught Photoshopping Black Woman Into Website
British Politician driving technology law had never heard of Google Maps
A flight from LAX to London was cancelled after a wifi hotspot named "Al-Quida FreeTerror Nettwork" was spotted by a passenger at the gate...
Flight Delayed After Passenger Finds Wifi Hotspot Named 'Al-Qaeda' Free Terror Network.
Police: No need to worry about Indiana clown
Flight Delayed After Passenger Finds Wifi Hotspot Named 'Al-Qaeda'
Plane to London delayed by "Al Qaeda Free Terror Network" wireless hotspot.
Tiger having sex with a woman turned out to be a man in fancy dress
LAX American Airlines Flight Delayed After Passenger Reports Finding "Al-Qaeda Free Terror Network" WiFi Connection
Dwarf stripper gets bride-to-be pregnant at bachelorette party
Woman Travels Across Country To Have Sex With Men In Each City She Visits
Russell Brand says he will 'probably' give up acting career to focus on his revolution
Patriots' Rob Gronkowski: 'I like scoring touchdowns'
Man splatters blood on Tim Hortons customers
Florida man who attacked drag queen while wearing 'ironic' KKK costume running for mayor
Halloween a ploy to make Muslims godless, says Isma
Fort Worth Neighborhood Annoyed By Pig Problem
Woman dressed as Hello Kitty accused of drunken driving
Texas pastor arrested for soliciting prostitute: Christ's love allowed me to get caught
The creator of Soylent stopped pooping to use less water
Alarming name of a Wi-Fi hot spot delays LAX flight
Flight cancelled when "Al-Quida" Wi-Fi network became available
Champion Lover: 28-Yr-Old Man Arrested for Having 4 Wives,7 Fiances & 5 Girlfriends
Stabbing reported at origami club event
Male models, party bus to bring student voters to polls
The Ebola Crisis & the Homeopathic Community
Man sexually assaults dog, claims he was sent by ISIS
Prison guard loses her job at brothel
Study: Fear of Ebola Highest Among People Who Did Not Pay Attention During Math and Science Classes
Visitors in Lake Tahoe Are Taking Too Many Bear Selfies
Man runs over his own head during freak accident involving a cigarette
Broncos fan missing since halftime of the Thursday night game
Who knew? MPAA concerned online pirates are exposed to malware.
Jogger runs into David Cameron then gets 'briefly' arrested
Sex hitchhiker on countrywide tour plans to bed different man in every city she visits
Nintendo Teams Up with Playboy to Promote Bayonetta 2 Read more at http://www.nichegamer.net/2014/10/nintendo-teams-up-with-playboy-to-promote-bayonetta-2/#vYCHsDRT8Q6SEvq8.99
Nintendo Teams Up with Playboy to Promote Bayonetta 2
8-year-old's interception earns team $500 fine, coach suspended
Chihuahua Recovering After Thrown Against Starbucks Window
Retailers Have Started To Sell Frilly Bras and Lingerie...For Men
GARTMAN: We're Witnessing The End Of The Oil Era
Man dressed as yellow Teletubbie enters friend's house uninvited, takes Chinese food.
Woman Stole $25k Rolex and Hid it Inside her Vagina
John Spinello, Inventor Of 'Operation' Game, Can't Afford Real-Life Operation
Sex industry competing with free sex
Student found masturbating in pool of blood,...
Giant cat appears on Auckland Google map
Man dressed as yellow Teletubbie enters friend's house uninvited, takes Chinese food, police report
Russia: Health agency warns selfies 'spread head lice'
'Evil Clowns' stalk France
CT Man Reportedly Sexually Assaults Neighbor's Pit Bull, Yells 'ISIS Sent Me'
Woman not allowed to donate plasma, so she crashes car into facility
Custom urns courtesy of company's 3-D printer
Clown terror spreads in France
Beijing Tells Its Residents to Leave Town Ahead of APEC Summit at preventing smog from enveloping the city.
Wireless Network Named for 'Al Qaeda' Causes Security Scare at LAX
Millions of wild pigs run amok in US
Town fights to overturn its alcohol ban; discovers it doesn't have one (x-post /r/offbeat)
Co-Founder of The Weather Channel: Global Warming Is a Complete Hoax
Wiki network titled "Al-Quida Free Terror Nettwork." causes scares and delays plane for three hours.
Rand Paul warns cocktail party attendees to be on the alert for Ebola
Town fights to overturn its alcohol ban; finds out it never had one.
TV Actor Says Ebola Victims Reanimating as Zombies
English soccer club miss game after mix-up over flight times
BREAKING: Man NOT WORRIED About Ebola!
Man Hurls Chihuahua At Window After Being Banned From Starbucks
Researchers Have Found That Plants Know They Are Being Eaten Read more: http://inhabitat.com/plants-know-when-theyre-being-eaten-and-they-dont-appreciate-it/#ixzz3HPRthiCS
Fake clown attacks put French police on alert and trigger vigilante response | World news | The Guardian
FEDS SEIZE 11 TONS OF PUMPKIN SPICED MARIJUANA IN NEW YORK WAREHOUSE
Illuminati Dives Into Adult Swim - New Cartoon Promotes Satanism and Abortion.
US couple accidentally pocket-dial 911 and confess to crime
Tony Abbott's business adviser says 'anti-western' UN spreads socialism
Two Wakefield car washes now operating out of the same building
On his walk to work a man has been stopped at least 20 times by authorities who have mistaken him as suspected cop killer Eric Frein. Now supporters raised $14K online to buy him a car.
Wealthy Older Women Are Hiring Men In Kenya To Romance Them
Hoops recruit announces he'll play at prep school that doesn't exist
Congressional candidate compares gays to gremlins and threatens them with a cannon
Flight Canceled Due to Open AlQayda Wifi Network
Ghost' captured on camera at Game Of Thrones site
get optimum app on desktop
Kickstarter Campaign Raises Over $9,000 For 'NoPhone': The Phone That Does Nothing
Fake clown attacks put French police on alert and trigger vigilante response
Ebola crisis incorporated into Halloween themes
Hillary Clinton: Businesses Don't Create Jobs
Boehner: Bush would have punched Putin in the nose
Animal Plush Toys NV
Wifi name grounds plane for 4 hours
Whitehaven Coal chief says coal will be crucial in fighting climate change
Teacher spends two days as a slave and is shocked at what she learns
Teacher spends two days as a student and is shocked at what she learns
State Orders Man to Pay $30k in Child Support or Face Jail, Despite Proof He Is Not Father
A patient, angry that a doctor tried to shave his body hair to perform an operation, called his friends to open fire on a hospital in Lebanon
Even World War III 'could not stop rising population'
Wanted ROTC Officer: Non-Christians need not apply!
Attackers Called African Boys 'Ebola' In Brutal NYC School Beating
Man who threatened to burn hijab fined $500, runs from court with head covered
Free beard to good home: Adelaide man gives his facial hair away online after requests to tidy up
Hairy spat draws gunmen to Baalbek hospital
Estonia Had Its First School Shooting Ever
Buck Crashes Into Furniture Store, Buys Nothing
Hairy spat draws gunmen to local hospital (x-post from /r/lebanon)
CIA Jet Crashed With 4 Tons Of Cocaine On Board
Creepy-crawlie horror: Backpacker brings back three-inch leech from Vietnam - up her nose
Hairy spat draws gunmen to local hospital
Porsche working on turbo V12 for Putin limo project?
Man who was once arrested for fighting a drag queen while dressed as a KKK member now running for mayor
Meet the Gay Libertarian Gun Nuts
Woman Sets Roommate On Fire Because He Threw Away Her Meatballs
Harry Potter hotel website crashes after being overrun by avid muggle fans
Wooden handbags create fashion stir
Japanese Science Fiction Writing Contest Open To Aliens, Computers
Kim Jong Un Purges 10 Officials for Watching Soaps, Yonhap Says
Georgia Senate Candidate David Perdue Wants To 'Prosecute' Democrats
Man Treated For Google Glass Addiction After Wearing Headset 18 Hours A Day
Are Cambodia's Sex Workers Being Forced Into the Garment Trade?
Sci-fi film Interstellar leads to new scientific discovery
British man who slapped sleeping woman in face with penis gets 9 months in jail
Meet 19-year-old girl who plans to sleep with different men in every city she visits
These kids got suspended for posting a picture of themselves holding guns.
Humans undecided on total destruction of nature versus having cool stuff
Meteorologist & Co-Founder of The Weather Channel, John Coleman Says Global Warming Is a Complete Hoax
LAX Flight Delayed After WiFi Name Sparks Terror Worries
IRS seizes woman's entire savings because she deposits less than $10,000 at a time
Short Spider-Man robs Maine store
Senator David Vitter Claims A Petition Will Stop Ebola In Louisiana
Lake Tahoe Park Officials Warn Hikers To Stop Taking Selfies With Bears
Aging, obese crash test dummies in development to replicate US population
Standing near hand sanitizer makes Americans more conservative.
Manitoba community discovers it never actually had an official booze ban despite being 'dry' for all living memory
School Cop Accused Of Demanding To Smell Woman's Socks
Naked rambler loses legal battle over human rights
Oklahoma Witch claims Meth is part of her religion.
Wi-Fi Network Named "Al-Qaeda" Prompts LAX Plane to Make a U-Turn
Man drops lit cigarette, runs over own head - National
Entire Family Gets Paralyzed After Feasting on Deadly Pufferfish by Mistake
Canada: Political party files complaint about homophobic robot
Citing Rising Seas, Florida Officials Vote to Cut State in Half
South African children prefer Spider-Man as their president
Wildrose files complaint over 'homophobic' anonymous robocalls
Naked man, 22, accused of raping a pit bull while screaming he was sent by ISIS
Even if robots do take over everyone else's jobs, meteorologists are safe
Flickering Lights, Strange Music and a Ghost at a Brooklyn Bar. Maybe.
This religious theme park is in hot water for listing a 'salvation testimony' as a job requirement
Playboy Presents Sexy Joe Biden, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Louis C.K. Costumes
Reptiles That Wait for Sex Live Longer
Dallas Airport Gay Slur: Man Attacks Gay Traveler Over Pink Shirt
Oklahoma Wiccan claims Meth part of her religion.
Chinese backpacker offers sex for travel
Sleeping Man Drops Gun, Toddler Accidentally Shoots Him In The Face
Armored vehicle sent to collect civil fine from 75-year-old in small town
Inventor of classic game Operation can't afford an operation
'Operation' Inventor, 77, Can't Afford Real Life Operation
This Cop Tried To Tackle These Topless Women And It Didn't Turn Out For Him
A plane is delayed for hours at LA airport after a passenger spots a wi-fi signal in the area called "Al-Quida Free Terror Nettwork"
Pope Francis declares evolution and Big Bang theory are right and God isn't 'a magician with a magic wand'
Air Canada doesn't need to pay flyers for not serving 7Up in French, Supreme Court of Canada rules
Man cleared of owning 'extreme porn' after tiger in sex video revealed to be man in costume
East TN Mother Jailed For Having Overgrown Bushes In Her Yard
Father Reportedly Pulls Son Out Of History Class Because Of A Lesson On Islam
Mother Jailed for Having Overgrown Bushes in Her Yard
Tech companies haven't gotten past sexism 1.0
Woman Tells Cops Ex-Boyfriend Stole Her "Obama Phone" During Tussle
Kim Kardashian West hoards Blackberry phones in fear they'll go extinct.
Orlando named a top city for sugar daddies
John Oliver Is Very Confused About Playboy's New 'Sexy John Oliver' Halloween Costume
Party Bus With 'Shirtless Male Models' To Bring NC State Students To Election Day Polls
Indian prime minister uses examples including elephant-headed god Ganesha to claim that Indians used plastic surgery and genetic science thousands of years ago
A tiny town in Michigan will sell you a police badge and gun permit
Want to Play Cop? This Town Will Sell You a Badge and a Gun Permit
Fan Gets Stuck In Vent Trying To See Martin Garrix For Free
Chicago church robbed because of support of GOP
Stupid WiFi Hotspot Name Gets American Airlines Flight Grounded
Hospital 'attacked over body hair'
The inventor of Operation can't afford an operation.
Woman charged with DWI twice in three hours
Christian Bale: Moses was 'barbaric' and 'schizophrenic'
India robbers dig 125-ft tunnel to loot bank
Wisconsin police send armoured vehicle to collect fine from 75-year-old
Jeff Gordon's Driver's Ed Teacher Killed in Crash
Lebanese Pot Farmers Gear Up For A Fight With Islamic State
Bad smell shuts down Vancouver's Cambie Street
McDonalds to launch a new advertising campaign starting early next year with the slogan "Lovin' Beats Hatin'"
Tractor-trailer carrying butter crashes on parkway; highway to be closed for hours
Tea Partiers: Don't Compare Us to Gamergate
Crushed Ford Nation members predict doomsday for Toronto after Tory victory
Table tennis player Zhang Jike stripped of winner's prize money for celebration
Man Runs Himself Over After Trying To Put Out His Cigarette
World's first 'halal whisky' made without alcohol goes on sale in time for party season
Forest Rangers Warn Visitors: "Stop Taking 'Selfies' With Bears"
British Authorities Drop 'Extreme Pornography' Charge When They Realize the Tiger Is Actually a Man in a Tiger Suit
Heroin use is so high in Myanmar that syringes now serve as currency
Bing Allows Consumers to Use Emojis as Search Term
Hawaii officials to arrange for residents to watch as lava creeps into town and destroys their homes
Forest Service: Stop taking 'selfies' with bears
'Operation' game inventor can't afford his surgery
Patrick Stewart on plastic surgery: 'Fake boobs are weird, y'all'
Cannibalistic Pedophile Asks For Child As His Last Meal.
Tesco cash machine mistakenly promises free erections
Manuel Noriega case against Call of Duty is dismissed
Silicon Valley company "unintentionally" pays foreign workers $1.21 an hour
Data Shows 850 City Voters are 164 Years Old
Surge in Bear Selfies Could Lead to a Grizzly End Says Forest Service
Kim Kardashian reveals North West painted Hermes handbag for her birthday gift
Thief distracts staff by squirting her breast milk
Victim gives burglar £20 after apology for £10,000 theft
Fair please! Bus driver's sorry sex tiger-porn tale of hate, heart attack & vigilantism
Midterms Prediction: Billionaires Retain Control of Government
2% of Anglican priests are atheists.
Table Tennis Champion loses $45,000 prize after victory lap. goes apeshit, partially destroying arena
McDonald's new slogan is "Lovin' Beats Hatin'"
The trustee who didn't want to be: Candidate wins despite giving up campaign
Perdue says 'less than 2,000' women at his company faced discrimination
Experts: Brain-Dead Girl May Not Be 'Alive'
Ivy League university offers 'Wasting Time on the Internet' course
U.S. officials warn the public to stop taking selfies with bears
'Al Qaeda' Wi-Fi Network Sets Off LAX Security Scare
Kim Kardashian's game makes $700,000 a day
John Carter Cash, Son Of Johnny Cash, Arrested At Newfoundland's Deer Lake Airport
Pope Says God Not 'A Magician, With A Magic Wand'
Former aide calls for South to secede over LGBT issues, and name the new nation "Reagan"
'Terror' wi-fi signal delays flight
'Wasting Time on the Internet' Is Now an Ivy League Class
School's Nation of Islam handout paints Founding Fathers as racists
Verizon is launching a tech news site that bans stories on U.S. spying
Raccoon Plans Aerial Attack
Indian prime minister claims genetic science existed in ancient times
Iceland Has Given Björk an Island to Thank Her for Cultural Contributions
Scott Walker Runs Ad Supporting Equal Pay After Repealing Wisconsin's Equal Pay Law
Scientists Discover Huge 'Bathtub Ring' Of Oil On Sea Floor From BP Spill
Academy Of Sciences Octopus Picks Giants To Win World Series
School district police officer tells woman she'll avoid a ticket if he can smell her socks/underwear
"Selfie" leads to burglary arrests in Black River Falls
Blackmailers Are Threatening the Czech Republic with Ebola for Bitcoin Payment
Chinese Student, 19, Seeks 'Temporary Boyfriends' to Fund Her Travels
Officer finds $120,000 cash in roadway, returns it
Investigator in Secret Service Prostitution Scandal Resigns After Being Implicated in Own Incident
Lebanon: Gunmen attack hospital 'over body hair'
University of Pennsylvania to offer class on "Wasting Time on the Internet"
Johnny Cash's son arrested at Newfoundland airport after stripping down to underwear
Investigator in Prostitution Scandal Quits
A Woman Robbed A Store By Squirting Breast Milk In The Employee's Faces
Stop Taking Selfies with Bears, US Forest Service Says
Woman Endures Endless Catcalls During 10 Hour Walk In NYC
Former 'Super Dell' facing charges for allegedly chasing owl with paraglider
Woman tricks boyfriend into showing up for their own marriage.
Pope Francis says evolution is real and God is no wizard
You Can Buy This Abandoned CT Town For Less Than A Brooklyn Apartment
Bestiality Porn Charge Dropped After Tiger Found To Be Guy In Tiger Suit - Officials realized their mistake in Andrew Holland's case when they noticed that the tiger said "That's grrrrrrreat!"
Pope Francis Says Forces Of Gravity And Electromagnetism Are Real
One Direction 'have some good songs', says Pink Floyd drummer Nick Mason
Utah police shut down dance party because of... dancing?
Cow Dispute Leads to Noxubee Shootout
The Man Who Investigated The Secret Service Prostitution Scandal Was Allegedly Caught With A Prostitute
Fireball Whiskey Has Been Recalled IN Finland Because It Has Too Much Antifreeze In It
Jose Canseco Accidentally Shoots Off His Middle Finger
X-ray shows sick tortoise swallowed turtle pendant
North Korean Officials Reportedly Purged for Watching Soap Operas
Australian politician Accidentally Bans Own Scarf While Attempting to Outlaw Burqa
Sarah Palin: I May Run Again
Researchers Have Found That Plants Know They Are Being Eaten
Male Startup Founder Who Sent A Basket Of Sex Toys To A Female Reporter Feels 'Extremely Misunderstood'
Even the Pope Isn't a Hard-core Creationist
Fireball Whiskey Recalled for Containing Anti-Freeze
JAPANESE GOVERNMENT OVERTURNS LAW AGAINST DANCING
Red tape ruins Australia's Treasurer's pizza
Europeans Recall Fireball Whiskey Over a Sweetener Also Used in Antifreeze
Smokey says stop taking 'selfies' with bears
Officer Involved: Armored Vehicle and 24 Cops Sent to Collect Civil Judgement from 75-year-old
A depressing sign of America's obesity problem: fatter crash test dummies
Cal professors on the hunt for edible, nutritious East Bay weeds
Jose Canseco shoots self in hand
Stephen Hawking Joins Facebook Just in Time for Oscar Campaign
Policeman who asked to smell woman's feet arrested.
Verizon-bankrolled "news" site bans stories on US spying and net neutrality
Exclusive: My grandfather runs an Amish cult from prison
Jose Canseco accidentally shoots himself while cleaning his gun
Sex with multiple partners cuts prostrate cancer risk: Study
Sex with more than 20 women reduces risk of prostate cancer, according to study
Driver jailed after filming SELFIE video during high-speed police chase
Hospital porter 'caught having sex with dead body' in PNG morgue
French Far-right Warn of "Kebab Threat"
A Woman Is Devastated After Waking Up From Surgery To Find She's Not Nicki Minaj | The Source
Gay dude cheats on wife. Gets booked for being gay.
JP Morgan Takes 11-Cent Bribes Seriously
North Korea executes members of Workers' Party for watching South Korean soap operas
Mark Clattenburg dropped for weekend games after going to Ed Sheeran gig
Owner Denies Abusing Killer Whales in Moscow
North Korean officials 'publicly executed for watching South Korean soap operas'
Kim Jong Un Executes 10 Workers' Party Officials For Watching South Korean Soap Operas
Zombie arrested for DWI twice in one night
Emergency Hotline 911 receives a 'pizza order' from a lady who needs help
Have hoover, will travel: One cleaner's bizarre journey to Formula One team 'Boss'
Jose Canseco accidentally shoots off finger while cleaning his gun
Jose Canseco Shoots Off Middle Finger While Cleaning His Gun
All-time iAMA Failure Jose Canseco shoots off middle Finger
Chinese campus brothel that gave students discount for sex 'run by university president'
A killer clown killed during a prank in Russia
California Can't Police Its Own Cops Stealing Nude Photos of Women
At Penn, students can get credit for 'Wasting Time on the Internet'
Law Lets I.R.S. Seize Accounts on Suspicion, No Crime Required
Tesco cash point machine offered 'free erections'
Tahoe Officials Banning Bear Selfies, Rightly So
North Korean Officials Reportedly Executed For Watching Soap Operas
Cuomo Jokes That People Under Ebola Quarantine Can Pass Time Reading His Book
Man Beheads Woman in New York Before Jumping in Front of Train
Google pill would search bloodstream for problems
Report: Senior administration officials call Israel's Netanyahu 'chickens-t' and 'Aspergery'
RIAA: The Pirate Bay Assaults Fundamental Human Rights
Binyamin Netanyahu 'chickenshit', say US officials in explosive interview Quotes from senior Obama administration figures damn Israeli prime minister over stance on settlements and peace with Palestinians
Utah Police Shut Down Dance Party Because People Were Dancing Without a "Dance Permit"
People have started playing soccer with horses!
Couple's $680,000 dream home built on the wrong lot
Creator of 'Operation' game can't pay for his own operation
Woman Smashed Hole In Toilet Wall After Running Out Off Loo Roll
'Naked Rambler' Stephen Gough Loses Legal Battle to Bare All
Having sex with 20 or more women reduces a mans chance of prostate cancer by a third.
Woman Arrested For DWI Twice In 3 Hours -- Once In Zombie Makeup
It's Time for an "American Jihad"
Driving While Texting Too Difficult, Auto Manufacturers Urged to Design Texter-Friendly Vehicles
Rochester Halloween partier dressed as a zombie charged with 2 DWIs in 3 hours
Only In Russia! 76 fans meet for brawl on highway for tradition, shake hands & leave
Petting zoo calls in exorcist for four-horned 'devil' sheep
Binyamin Netanyahu 'chickenshit', say US officials in explosive interview
Broncos fan who disappeared from stadium 'had his fill with football'
Man runs over his own head after dropping cigarette in car
Bestiality Porn Charge Dropped After Tiger Found To Be Guy In Tiger Suit
Woman Hospitalized To Remove Deer Tongue She Used To 'Please' Herself
Bad hair day? Selfies linked to spread of head lice
New rules aimed at preventing parked trains from rolling away
For One Day Only, Uber Will Let You Order A Kitten To Your Office
Oklahoma Teacher Will Have To Quarantine Herself After Trip To Ebola-Free Rwanda
Police chase naked sex offender through West Salem
Blackwell teacher promises voluntary quarantine after trip to Africa
Autopsy: Teen Died Of Natural Causes After Being Tased 5 Times By Police
Jose Canseco Shoots Himself in the Hand; Could Lose Middle Finger
Neighbors Believe Headless Body Is Halloween Prank, Only To Find It's Real
Man charged with breaking a trooper's fist with his face
Lawyer: Nurse won't obey Ebola quarantine
French naturists lose to Germans in nude swimming contest
California to end race-based punishment in state prisons.
Secret Service Prostitution Investigator Resigns Amid His Own Prostitution Scandal
'Wasting Time on the Internet' Is Now an Actual College Class
Susan G. Komen partners with fracking industry to 'pink wash' cancer-causing chemicals pumped into ground
A black man who was shot by Utah police while armed with a samurai-style sword as part of a Japanese anime costume died of multiple gunshot wounds, including several in the back of his body. x-post /r/news
Man in charge of US secret service sex scandal inquiry resigns - due to sex scandal
9 Questions to Ask Yourself Before Dressing like a Ferguson Protester for Halloween
Airplane dumped human feces on New Zealand home.
Student Has Amazing Breakthrough By Doing What Teacher Says
Denver Broncos fan missing for five days simply went for a walk, police say
Investigator of Secret Service prostitution scandal also linked to prostitution
Netanyahu Responds to U.S. Official: I Am Not a 'Chickensh-t'
X-Ray Shows Tortoise Swallowed Turtle Pendant
Walmart's 'secure' Apple Pay rival gets hacked, email addresses swiped
Investigator in Secret Service Prostitution Scandal Resigns [after visiting prostitute]
VA adds $50 to deceased World War II veteran's 59 cent bill
Woman Beheaded in Mistaken Halloween Prank
'Hello Kitty' arrested on drunken driving charge
Soylent CEO Is Lifehacking Water By Pissing In the Sink
Trick Or Treaters Prefer Cash to Candy
Forest Service Warns People to Stop taking Selfies with Bears
Man Freaks Out After No One Thanks Him for Holding Door at In-N-Out
Woman receives rape threats after recording 10 hours of harassment in New York
Forest Rangers Begging Visitors to Stop Taking Selfies with Bears
Rs 50000 God Sent Me For You - Giving Rs1000 to Needy [Share For Cause] Part 1- Viral66
Michigan couple charged after adopted son found in cage in 'extremely unsanitary' conditions
'Atheist creationists' say their study proves there is no Jesus in your communion wafer (xpost r/atheism)
Clients must marry prostitutes or face jail - St Petersburg deputy
Autopsy: Police shot black man with sword in back
Inventor of board game Operation can't afford real operation
Professor beheaded in what witnesses first thought was Halloween prank
College Backtracks After Punishing Professor for 'Game of Thrones' Picture
Cops Are Learning How To Charge Drivers Who Break Laws
CREATOR OF 'OPERATION' BOARD GAME CAN'T AFFORD REAL LIFE OPERATION
Nikko Jenkins in court: 'Vote for Lee Terry'
Culture Television & radio Television Rapper Pitbull developing reality TV series with Michelle Obama and Paul McCartney
The Ice Is Right: Is Artisan Ice the Final Frontier for Craft Cocktails?
Woman Claims She Faked Deafness To Keep Boyfriend
Inmate Sues Prison Claiming His Religious Liberty Entitles Him To Dress Like A Pirate
Police: Broncos fan missing 5 days simply went for walk
Man arrested after Northwest Arm canoe escape
Fake Clown Terror Continues In France, Teenager Arrested After Attempting To Attack Woman
Man Accidentally Shot in Face After Wrestling Gun-Toting Infant
Utah man accused of chasing owl in paraglider
TRENDING: More college students support post-birth abortion
Secret Service Prostitution Scandal Investigator Resigned After Allegedly Paying for Sex in Florida
Can a person who is himself worthless actually help people?
Man wearing Teletubbies costume breaks into home, takes Chinese food.
Australian special forces unable to join fight against Islamic State until lraq issues visas
FBI Releases Vine Star Jerome Jarre From Custody After Reading Fans' Tweets
Boy or girl? Family with 12 sons awaits baby 13
Woman get's pregnant from male stripper at her bachelorette party. Births a Dwarf.
Woman dressed as Hello Kitty arrested for drunk driving
Anti groping officer arrested for groping students ass.
Woman In Zombie Costume Charged Twice With DWI Near Rochester
There's a Kickstarter for NoPhone, a phone that literally does nothing
Fox News Guy Calls for the U.S. to Commence Its Own Jihad
'World's dumbest criminal' forgets to log out of Facebook after robbing house
Here they come to save the day! Homeopaths vs. Ebola, again
Cosmo Tries to Get Female College Students to Vote by Sending Them a 'Party Bus' of Male Models
Bill Gates Releases Swarm of Mosquitoes on Audience
Bart Augustus Robbed Bank In Zebra Print Dress: Cops
Rocket explosion may have destroyed local student's art
Agenda cultural III - Julio 23
Iraqi tycoon builds White House replica [Reposted to correct subreddit]
England's blind footballers aiming for the top after FA unveils new pitch
Ivy League offers class for 'Wasting Time on the Internet'
A young woman from the UK has undergone surgery resulting in her foot being reattached backwards.
Three glasses of milk a day can lead to early death, warn scientists
American and Russian-American couple exile their rebellious teen daughter to Siberia
State Farm: It's Unfortunate NFL Players Injured Themselves Doing the 'Discount Double Check'
Veterinarian's X-ray reveals sick tortoise in south Florida had swallowed small turtle pendant
Juror's and Janitor Claim Judge Donald D. Thompson Was Masturbating During Trial
Housewife serves husband cooked condoms
Rapper Pitbull developing reality TV series with Michelle Obama and Paul McCartney
Koala chlamydia vaccine trial raises hope
Man arrested after fleeing from Halifax police in canoe
Balamory star's daughter blames religious upbringing for porn star career
Mayoral candidate undecided on whom to vote for
Woman in zombie costume charged twice with DWI
'Operation' inventor raises funds for operation
Suge Knight, Katt Williams Arrested on Camera Theft Charges
Torture anime banned at woman's kidnap-rape trial
House in London Is Made of Wax, Will Eventually Melt Away
Coconut Crabs Eat Everything from Kittens to, Maybe, Amelia Earhart
Man arrested after fleeing by canoe
Valve: "93% of Steam Users Born on January 1st"
Smog couture: Facemasks on catwalk at China's fashion week
NATO declares WAR on Google Glass, mounts attack alongside MPAA
Green MP calls for Ebola to be treated by homeopathy
Perth model to show they really do eat
Student, 21, With Autism Dies After She Chokes at Brooklyn School Cafeteria
Black Republican actress' racist remarks hurt GOP
'Teletubby' Breaks Into Home, Takes Leftovers: Police
Paul McCarthy's Butt Plug Returns in Chocolate Form: A First-Hand Account From Paris
Woman Hospitalized To Remove Deer Tongue She Used To 'Please' Herself - NY Meta
Koala chlamydia vaccine raises hope
Israel/Palestine US official calls Netanyahu "chickenshit"; Israeli lawmaker calls US a third world country
US Forest Service: Please Stop Taking #Selfies With Bears
Overweight crash test dummies being developed in response to rising obesity levels in the United States
College professor offers course on 'wasting time on the internet'
Man charged with harassing owl on motorised paraglider.
Judge tosses ex-dictator's lawsuit against 'Call of Duty' creators
Burlington woman chains self to bike path tree
New Club "Baby Bumpers" Features Pregnant Dancers, Opening In Oregon
How to create effective copy across various online platforms
First British Ebola Case Dismissed As "Really Bad Comedown"
The Leonardo hidden from Hitler in case it gave him magic powers
Miami Cop Under Internal Investigation for What He Does After Man He Ticketed Tells Him 'God Bless You' | Video
Israeli Prison Hosts Fashion Show
Stolen sheep found in woman's bedroom
Table tennis is more popular than basketball.
Turkish president Erdogan unveils his new palace of a thousand rooms
North Korea executes 10 officials for watching soap operas.
Stop taking selfies with bears, hikers warned
At least two people were shot and one stabbed as San Francisco burst into spontaneous celebrations
Lindsey Graham: White men in 'male-only clubs' will do great if I'm president
Lindsey Graham Jokes About 'White Men' Doing Great Under His Presidency
Flexible Muscle Based Locomotion for Bipedal Creatures
Woman uses breast milk as weapon while robbing store
Inventor Of 'Operation' Game Says He Can't Afford His Own Operation
Cannibal cop arrested in New York - RT USA
Federal lawsuit accuses on-duty officer of raping minor, PD cover-up
Man orders smartphone, gets bar of soap instead
Police Chase Naked Suspect, Capture Him in Pants
Man's own dog helps police bust him on drug charge.
Suge Knight, Katt Williams arrested in paparazzi camera theft case
Porn star breaks both legs jumping from 3rd floor to escape rapists
Florida man arrested with 'Go Directly to Jail' Monopoly shirt on
Men who sleep with more than 20 women have lower chance of prostate cancer
BlackBerry CEO questions value of innovation, champions 'Classic' style
Antoine Dodson, YouTube's "Bed Intruder," to Fight Real-Life Intruder in Celebrity Boxing Match
Flying dildo hits bucks party guest, draws blood
Man in Teletubby costume gives new meaning to Chinese takeout, police say
11 Arrested in China for Digging Up and Selling Women's Corpses as Brides
Anti-vaxxers to hand out propaganda candy to trick-or-treaters
Anti-vaccine parents use Halloween candy as propaganda outlet
Toys Allow Babies to Upload Selfies to Social Media
[reddit change] Defaulting to opening links in a new window
Indonesian teams under scrutiny after scoring five own goals
Fight Ebola with homeopathy
Obama Uses Hugs And Kisses to Ease Ebola Fears
Watch: Youngsters in Dublin brawl over a tyre
All that unites America is Taylor Swift and SportsCenter, Facebook study reveals
Halifax man attempts to flee break-and-enter scene in a canoe
The British are born to be miserable, new research finds
A List of Things That Are, You Know, Mildly Interesting
Police: 2 Pa. anti-violence community organizers beat former roommate in property dispute
Anti-Violence Activist Wearing "Stop the Violence" T-shirt Arrested in Beating
Maine nurse in Ebola controversy bikes from home, then returns
President Of Taxi Association Compares UberX To ISIS
You Can Finally Dance In Japan's Nightclubs Following Country's Decision To Lift Dancing Ban
'Operation' inventor needs operation
How Guy Scott became Africa's only white president
PA Taxi Association president compares Uber X to ISIS terrorists
Terminally ill woman may not end her life on Nov. 1
Israel Woos Japanese Tourists With Ultra-Weird Anime Series (x-post /r/anime)
Members of Pa. anti-violence group allegedly assault one of their own
Plane crashes into flight safety building
Americans, Brits and French are BORN miserable: Length of gene determines how happy you will be - and Danes rank top
Doctors accidentally tear baby's head off
N. Korea to quarantine foreigners over Ebola fears
Plane crashes on top of building at Wichita Mid-Continent Airport
Britons are born grumpy. But cheer up, French are worse
Apple boss Tim Cook: 'Being gay has given me the skin of a rhinoceros'
Baking Soda - The Nightmare of the Pharmaceutical Industry
PA Police: 2 Anti-violence organizers beat ex-roomie
Oregon police chase naked suspect, find him in pants
Cancer patient no longer plans to die Saturday
Liquor store shelf collapse in Whitehorse spills $50K - mostly fine scotch
2-Year-Old Never Thought He Would Live To See Giants Win World Series
Viral News: There won't be 6 Days of Darkness in December, Nasa Confirms
Number of global billionaires has doubled since the financial crisis
Number of billionaires doubles since financial crisis
Russian Companies Could Be Fined for Foreign-Sounding Names in Ads
Michael Bay to direct drama about killing of US ambassador in Benghazi
ISIS stops using iPhone after Apple CEO announces that he is gay
The Guy Who Invented The Operation Board Game Can't Afford His Own Surgery
"Pretend It's home" [by Beth Crowley] || Four & Tris ♥
Police: Missing Broncos fan walked to Pueblo, sought warm weather
White Candidate Wins Texas Election by Pretending He's Black
U.S. nurse defies Maine's Ebola quarantine, takes bike ride
Missing Broncos fan found after leaving game to walk 118 miles in search of warmer weather
Halloween is cancelled in the state of New Jersey
Kentucky Woman Doesn't Find Display Of Black People Hanging From Her Tree Offensive
Fox asks: will cheap gas affect the economy?
Jew Chases Jew For a Prayer in Brooklyn.
4 dead, 5 hurt, 5 missing after plane hits FlightSafety building at Wichita, Kansas airport
Man Discovers Stranger Sleeping Next to Him
TSA confiscates a toy ray-gun belt buckle. Because security.
VIDEO: Man puts large fish up his bum - things don't work out well for him
Pilot arrested for drink-driving hours before he was due to fly to Gatwick
'Ebola' coffee cup puts plane on lockdown at Dublin Airport
Anti-violence activists charged in vicious attack
Israel Woos Japanese Tourists With Ultra-Weird Anime Series
Crash test dummies getting fatter to match American drivers
British MP Mistakenly Thinks 55-Year-Old Dancer Is Liverpool's Mario Balotelli
'Let's Move!' plan inspires V.A. to steal candy from babies
North Korea Quarantines Itself to Join Global Community on Ebola Panic, Bans All Tourists
'Teletubby' Breaks Into Home, Steals Food: Police
Teletubby Breaks Into Home, Dumps Chinese Food in Purse, Leaves
'Mad Bum' underwear to be distributed at Giants World Series parade, of course
'Disney needs to create a princess with Down's syndrome'
Court hands 'attention seeker' ASBO banning him from falling over and pretending to be ill
Fight Ebola with homeopathy - MP
Man Hit With $30K Child Support Bill Even Though He's Not the Father
Anti-violence activists charged in vicious attack on colleague wearing "Stop the Violence" T-shirt
Woman, blind since 11 year old, got her sight back by hitting head against a coffee table
House Republicans Can't Find Anyone to Sue the President
Two Indonesian football teams scored 5 own goals in the dying minutes of the match to avoid a semi final with a Mafia backed team.
Russian Lawmaker Afraid of Tim Cook's Gay Ebola AIDS: 'Ban Him for Life'
Teletubbie Breaks Into Home and Steals Chinese Food by Dumping It Into a Man-Purse
The Adelaide Central Market releases never-before-seen security footage, which features an unexplained, ghostlike light
French village bans clowns for Halloween after terror wave
Scratching intensifies itching research suggests
AT&T: We Told Our Customers 'Unlimited' Doesn't Mean 'Unlimited'
This demented MacBook is only happy if you shoot yourself in the head
Couple Petition Disney for a Down Syndrome Princess
Halloween canceled as police continue manhunt
Report: Child sexual exploitation now a 'social norm' in parts of Greater Manchester
UPenn announces 'Wasting time on the Internet' course
Neighbors thought beheading was Halloween display
Israel foreign minister says sweden should understand that the middle east is more complicated than ikea furniture
Teletubbie break-in: Student dressed as children's character now charged, police say
Why 'Darth Vader' Could Be A Ray Of Light In The Ukrainian Elections
Neighbors Thought Mom Beheaded By Son Was Halloween Display
Defendant admits violence against police, hospital nurse, but denies mistreating pit bull
Contemplating Taylor Swift's Navel
Cosmo is sending a bus with models to North Carolina to shuttle college voters to the polls
Fish Attacks Cats, Turns Our World Upside Down
Police took 2 days to respond to shoplifting call. Shoplifter was detained by employees, took a 2 hr nap, and was eventually let go.
'Stop the Violence' organisers beat former room-mate unconscious, Pennsylvania police say
Park officials warn visitors to stop taking bear selfies
NRA says Tom Cotton ad on gay dating app isn't theirs
Former dictator fails in his bid to sue Call of Duty for using his likeness
Ohio veteran fined for therapy ducks
Twitch now lets you watch people develop games live
Child Molesting Priest, Sentenced to 15 Years in Prison, Wants Out After 6 Months Because He's Learned His Lesson
Judge dismisses ex-dictator Manuel Noriega's "Call of Duty" lawsuit
Satanic Temple submits coloring book, fact sheets for distribution at Fla. schools
Madison Bumgarner's MVP Chevy truck was recalled this month
Man dressed as yellow Teletubby breaks into home, steals Chinese food Read more at http://www.philly.com/philly/news/Man_dressed_as_yellow_Teletubby_breaks_into_home_steals_Chinese_food.html#sY1bhUHyPSwIUd24.99
World's longest Hula Hoop sells for £712 - and the seller plans to use the money to fund his hippie commune
Man dressed as yellow Teletubby breaks into home, steals Chinese food
'We need to make money,' says BlackBerry CEO
4 killed after plane crashes into flight safety building
310-pound Teletubby wreaks havoc on college apartment
Plane crash kills three in flight simulator.
Russian Politician wants Apple CEO Tim Cook banned from Russia because he could have 'AIDS' or 'Ebola'
Stop violence campaigners charged with vicious attack
Break-In Suspect Dresses As Teletubby, Allegedly Steals Chinese Food In Man Purse
Gorilla directs cop to pull over guy that almost ran over banana.
Washington state man charged with trying to move river
Cops: Teletubby Broke Into Pal's House, Stole Food
Board Game Operation's Inventor Needs Surgery
Fridge-raiding Teletubbie charged with burglary
Nurse Kaci Hickox Defies Ebola Quarantine In Maine, Goes For Bike Ride
Home Sweet... Meth Home? Indiana Family's Real Estate Nightmare - ABC News
VA adds $50 to deceased vet's 59 cent bill
Beyonce song inspires Iraqi youth peace movement
3 people killed inside a flight simulator by a plane crash
Teen who joined ISIS: 'Here I can really be free'
Metadata retention scheme could be a bonanza
Game of Thrones downloaders need not fear data retention plans, says Malcom Turnbull
Surprising Number Of Louisiana Republicans Blame Obama For Katrina Response
Bikes Stolen From Charitable Non-profit
Stop Taking Bear Selfies, U.S. Forest Service Officials Warn
Beverly Hills Health Guru, Rainbeau Mars, Is Handing Out Compost Worms For Halloween instead of Candy
Guy wears best T-shirt ever for police mugshot
Garfield creator Jim Davis to help governor pass out Halloween candy aka lasagna
Selfie leads police to Black River Falls burglary suspect | Wisconsin
Anti-Gay Lawmaker Wants to Ban Tim Cook From Russia Because of Ebola and AIDS
PornHub-sponsored football team banned from university league
Better NYC ambassadors than Taylor Swift
My boyfriend said I was too fat for sex so I dropped 13 stone - and HIM'
Garfield creator Jim Davis to help governor pass out Halloween candy
Peace activists charged in vicious attack
'Lack of Entertainment Options' Causes Rape, Say Uttar Pradesh Police
Belligerent, Grope-Happy Seattle Man Receives Swift Vengeance From Wrench Wielding Clown
Pornhub site in bid to sponsor Rutherford Raiders football team - but University of Kent tackles team over 'dirty' shirts
Điều trị tàn nhang bằng thiên nhiên - Thẩm mỹ viện Ý Lan
T-Pain Performs Without Auto-Tune, Sounds Pretty Good, Actually
Paralyzed Man Walks After Nose Cells Transplanted Into Spinal Cord
Madras High Court slaps Rs 50,000 fine on teacher for pinching student's cheek
Moscow's Hipster Culture Minister Defies Russia's Isolation
Suspected meth dealer turned in by own dog while hiding behind Alabama home: police
Cartoon Network censored its first gay kiss
Russian politician says Apple CEO Tim Cook should be 'banned' from country after coming out as gay
Crash test dummies are getting fatter to better represent humanity
Russian lawmaker: Ban Tim Cook for life, he'll bring Ebola and AIDS to Russia
Muslims beat man with bottle for calling Islam "violent"
Texas Candidate Says Democrats Should Go Spend Their Food Stamps Instead Of Vote
Not only for the Oscars™ or Emmys™ any longer by Worldwide Seats LLC
No tricks or treats for Jordanians: Government bans Halloween celebrations in Amman
Denver cops warn parents about "dope sweets"
'I thought I'd been shot': The girl whose birthday was ruined after a drive-by egging
Coma survivor banned from all Dublin pubs for six months
Google must pay Canadian woman $2,250 for showing her cleavage in Street View
White Florida Man Dresses As Dead Trayvon Martin for Halloween
Social Conservatives and LGBT Community Join Forces to Defeat Gay Republican
BBC News - Birmingham Ebola-party club apologises for theme night
Detroit murder suspect caught in Chalmette exiting Halloween shop with bumblebee costume
Double 'Wet Willy' On Police Officer Was A Bad Idea
Birmingham Ebola-party club apologises for theme night
Airman arrested, charged after delivering 'double wet Willy' to police officer
Cops help 10-year-old arrest her worst enemy
Evil clown outbreak leads French town to ban them for Halloween
Satanic Coloring Book Submitted To Fla. Schools for Distribution
New to /r/NotTheOnion? Have questions about the rules? Check out NTO101: An Introduction To /r/NotTheOnion!
"Late-Late" Term Abortions: Right or Wrong?
Young people want to spend money on jobs and schools. The old like war and Social Security.
Hilarious Trick-or-Treat Attack Ad by NH Comic Juston McKinney
Scratching an itch will only make it worse, scientists say
Area 51 scientist's deathbed video: UFOs are real, aliens have federal jobs
Alex Salmond opens Lidl store as snub to Asda for failing to back Scottish independence
City Worker Gets 20-Day Suspension for Using Robot Voice to Answer Phone
Mom charged after photo of son hanging from hook is posted on Facebook
Google Fined $2,000 for Street View Cleavage Shot
Giants Fans Celebrate World Series Victory By Destroying San Francisco
Stockholm taxis offer free therapy sessions
Former Lockheed Martin engineer from Texas: I met aliens at Area 51
Corinthians constructing cemetery for their fans to spend eternity in
Russian action star caught firing a machine gun toward Ukraine while wearing press gear
Google Must Pay Woman $2,250 For Showing Cleavage in Street View
Kaci Hickox Ordered to Stay at Least 3 Feet From Anyone
Woman blinded as a child can see again after hitting her head on a coffee table
Supermarket starts selling edible insect burgers, snacks
Denmark funds research on underground trolls
Huge drill almost skewers packed subway car
Nurse Nina Pham's dog tests negative for Ebola, both will be reunited Saturday
Woman call 911 to order a pizza, so she can secretly report domestic abuse.
Did Ron Jeremy Save This Export Defendant From Jail?
New Dating Site Set to Match Pot-Smoking Couples Together
French town bans clown costumes for a month
N.C. Teacher's Bucket List: I Would Kill All Black People If I Had Ten Days To Live
Halifax break-and-enter suspect arrested after fleeing crime scene in a canoe
Germany's estate agents plan strike action
Report: DHS employees put $30,000 worth of Starbucks on government credit card
Police: Man armed with finger gun makes for ineffective robber
Facebook just created a new Tor link for users who wish to remain anonymous
Unmasking a new trend: stylish smog masks.
Grave robbing gang dug up 'ghost bride' to sell to grieving family of dead bachelor
Students Sign Petition To Kill Newborns (Up To 5yrs Old) - YouTube
Home Sweet... Meth Home? Indiana Family's Real Estate Nightmare
I-270 drivers scramble to snatch cash that falls out of armored truck
Armed man dressed as Batman tries to rob armoured vehicle in Halifax Read more: http://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/armed-man-dressed-as-batman-tries-to-rob-armoured-vehicle-in-halifax-1.2080910#ixzz3HjxWzS4D
Zebra Dress-Wearing Robber Left Apology Note on NH Bank's Door
UK says will pay off part of World War One-era debt next year
News Anchors in Stitches Interviewing Surfers who Rescued Tourist Swimmers
Mayor postpones Halloween for high school football game.
Kochs Approve Plan to Fire Cash from Cannon at Voters
Weekly Innovation: Friendly Roadways Just A Wave Away
Washington Redskins CB DeAngelo Hall tears Achilles tendon grabbing slice of pizza
In Texas Town, Mayor Postpones Halloween For High School Football Game
Report: Officials say Chesapeake woman suggested having Ebola to get out of jail time
Reported robbery at convenience store in north Fargo turns out to be employees in Halloween costumes
This Sci-Fi Author Thinks Amazon Will Cause an Apocalypse
Maine nurse can leave home but must maintain 3ft distance from others, court rules
Russian action star fires machine gun at Ukraine
Microsoft CEO Announces He Can Be Mostly Gay by Q2 2015
Man arrested for robbing Subway restaurants. Says the "Jared diet" failed him. Seriously.
Starbucks Is 'Ground Zero For Ebola' Because Of Its LGBT Appeal, Anti-Gay Pastor Claims
Killer pizza-boy has sex with roommate's dead body before going for haircut
WATCH: Antigay Pastor Says 'Upscale Sodomites' Spread Ebola at Starbucks
DeAngelo Hall Re-Tears Achilles While Getting Pizza from Kitchen
Redskins' DeAngelo Hall re-tears Achilles getting pizza in kitchen
No Joke: The Redskins Are Suing Five Native Americans
Kerry phones Netanyahu to apologize over 'chickenshit' slur
Accused Subway restaurant robber captured, tells cops 'Jared Diet' failed him
First German Bank Hits Savers with "Negative Interest Rates". Customers are now required to pay 0.25% per year to the bank for the privilege of handing the bank their hard-earned money.
After fatal crash, Indiana man drags woman's body inside home, drinks beer
Subway robbery suspect told police 'Jared's Diet' didn't work, wanted his money back
Antares Rocket Explosion Leaves Questions and Dead Mosquito Eggs
One Dead As Virgin Galactic Spaceship Crashes
Redskins' DeAngelo Hall re-tears Achilles fetching pizza
Peshmerga leave Turkish restaurant 'without paying'
Sleeping with more than 20 women in a lifetime linked to lower prostate cancer risk
LeBron James Delivers Incredibly Douchey Pre-Game Speech
Homes for the homeless...inside billboards
Fake Clowns Terrorize France
Katy Perry Dressed As A Cheeto For Halloween
Katy Perry Wins Halloween by Going as a Sad Cheeto
France's Far-Right Declares War on Kebabs
Google fined for 'disrespectful' Street View photos of woman's cleavage
Wasabi Toothpaste Offers Extreme Dental Hygiene
Local man dies after fire hose comes loose and rips off bicycle tire
Himalayan Viagra fuels caterpillar fungus gold rush
Armored Truck Door Opens Up on the Freeway, Cash Flies Everywhere - Pay Day for All
Football team are banned from wearing their Pornhub sponsored jerseys
Fanged Deer Seen Again!
Virgin Galactic CEO: 'Space Is Hard'
Way to Go, Americans: We're Almost as Ignorant as Italians
Teen says he robbed Subway restaurants because 'Jared Diet' didn't work
GOP To Iowans: Your Neighbors Will Know If You Don't Vote Republicans
Man in Obama mask and hazmat suit hangs 'Obola' posters across Chicago
Anti-Violence Organizers Leave Ex-Roommate In Critical Condition After Beating: Cops
French town bans clown costumes for Halloween
Scientists succeed in giving a record number of their patients migraines.
GOP To Iowans: Your Neighbors Will Know If You Don't Vote Republican
National Tour of Disney's Newsies Features New Song for Crutchie
DeAngelo Hall Tore His Achilles When He Slipped While Getting Pizza
Bill Belichick Wages War On Meteorologists
Marine Dad Banned From School After Complaining About Islam Assignment
Gospel Singer Charged with Soliciting Sex from 15 Year Old Male
PETA Set to Release Meat-Allergy-Inducing Ticks in Northeastern U.S.
oldest user of Facebook
Spanish cemetery launches online funerals
Bill Belichick Is Fed Up With All These Wrong-Ass Meteorologists
Police in Germany Are Trying to Stop Armed Warfare Between Rival File-Sharing Gangs
School to rip abortion page out of books
Most Jews say you don't need to believe in God to be Jewish But if you think Jesus was messiah, that's a deal breaker
North Korea Said to Impose Ebola Quarantine on All Travelers
On-duty Florida Cop of the Month fired for allegedly raping woman on patrol car hood, threatening her with arrest, death.
College Tells Female Students to Practice Their Anti-Rape Faces in the Mirror
Game company to help 'Operation' creator with operation costs
Americans spent $350 million on Halloween costumes - for their pets
'Subway Diet' Failure Led to Sandwich Shop Robbery
Man promised iPhone 6, iPhone 5S, iPad 4 and Macbook Pro for Rs 51,000, gets a 'heavy brick' instead
Top US military official asks Muslim man at Syracuse University: 'Are you Taliban?'
HDC I6 Plus - HDC Mobile Phone Shop
Halloween Sun looks like a giant jack-o'-lantern
Scientists uncover Afghan VAMPIRE DEER! Trick or treat; BAMBI'S GOT BITE!
Judge Suggests It's Okay for Redskins to Sue Native Americans
Anti-Gay Marriage Group Endorses Incumbent Dem Because GOP Candidate Is Gay
An Enormous Drill Nearly Impaled a Subway Car Full of Passengers
Armed man dressed as Batman tries to rob armoured vehicle in Halifax Read more: http://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/armed-man-dressed-as-batman-tries-to-rob-armoured-vehicle-in-halifax-1.2080910#ixzz3HnBSrV13
George RR Martin Confused by Sexy George RR Martin Halloween Costume
Frenchman dies after downing 56 shots.
Hawaii pair took photos, prodded fiery lava with golf clubs: police
Beer truck accident sparks village party
Bournemouth add moustache to club badge in support of Movember
Beijing declares scary halloween costumes illegal
Woman comes out of coma, gives birth to baby girl
Antoine Dodson to fight in celebrity boxing match against bed intruder
Man climbs onto whale carcass as feeding sharks circle off West Australian coast
Moray man turned from stamp collecting to child porn
Bill Belichick is fed up with Meteorologists
Teacher Repeatedly Calls Students 'N*gger' Because They Didn't Like 'African-American'
Church warns yoga, feng shui practitioners
Indian transgender group disperses rioting mob by threatening to strip
Woman charged with having sex with a dog after police find shocking videos on phone
NFLer tears Achilles getting pizza
Met police to pay more than £400,000 to victim of undercover officer
Teen filming woman in shower claims he was testing to see if his smartphone was waterproof
Family Research Council warns gay rights are part of global warming depopulation conspiracy
Former Lockheed Martin engineer said he spoke with aliens - and has pictures to prove it
U.S. Will Spend $24.5M to Circumcise Men in Swaziland | CNS News
Older people enjoy reading negative stories about young
Teacher accused of putting hot sauce on student
Alabama dog gets fleeing owner arrested when police officers tell it to "go get him"
Swarms of ladybirds invade Plymouth - and they could be spreading a sexually-transmitted disease.
Christian Zealot Murders Teen Metalhead in Oklahoma
Wealth Inequality in America [I actually cannot get over this being the reality...]
"Music Bank in Mexico" Forced to Pause Recording Due to Fans Throwing Undergarments on Stage
'I can infect whomever I please': HIV-positive woman steals frozen food from Texas Walmart, tries to infect employee
Footballer Ricardo Ferreira handed 50-year ban after referee attack
Man robs Subway because "Jared Diet" failed.
University rugby team takes District Line Tube train out of action with 'alcohol-fuelled strip game'
Alabama dog gets owner caught for alleged drug offenses
Yoga makes you susceptible to demonic possession says an exorcist of the Archdiocese of Manila
Racist westerners stop imitating us Asians and ruining our awesome Anime by stop cosplaying our Anime/Asian characters, go stick to your stupid cartoon!
In Liberia, Ebola Survivors Find They Have Superpowers
Man Accused of Robbing Subways Because 'Jared Diet' Failed
NYC worker suspended for using 'robotic voice'
Naked Man Leading Cops On Chase Finds Pants Before They Catch Up: Police
Terror Warning: Brits Not Safe Anywhere In World
Police: Man robbed Subways because 'Jared diet' didn't work
Creator of Operation couldn't afford own operation
Woman wakes from surgery disappointed she's not Nicki Minaj
Boris Johnson says 'less fortunate' countries have had not had benefit of colonial rule
Sharyl Attkisson releases video of apparent computer hack
You Can Still Eat This Corgi In Pennsylvania, Thanks to The NRA
Ashes from Ebola victim's apartment in limbo
Alabama man allegedly robs 4 Subway stores in 4 days, blames 'Jared Diet'
Being a Chef Made Me Forget I Have a Micropenis
Is Tesco's new custard cream biscuit spread genius or madness?
Kirk Cameron denounced as 'pagan' and 'papist' for encouraging celebration of Halloween.
This White Teacher Wants to 'Kill All Black People,' Keeps Job
Apple CEO Tim Cook Brings 'Ebola, Aids and Gonorrhea' Says Anti-Gay Russian Politician Vitaly Milonov
Player gets 50-year ban after attack
I STILL think this might be Satire somehow...
Jose Canseco is really sad about shooting his middle finger off.
Pittsburgh's Chris Blewitt Misses Game-Winning Field Goal vs. Duke
Ray Winstone: 'I don't mean to look like I want to kill people'
Fmr. State Senator Rod Wright, Sentenced to 90 Days, Spends Half an Hour in Jail
UNC students blame capitalism, white supremacy for academic scandal
Redskins clear to sue native Americans - For now
In praise of the court of public opinion. Ghomeshi
Wanted: Bartender for Riyadh hotel
German woman 'sprays breast milk' over pharmacy staff, robs store
'Subway Diet' failure led to Subway robbery, Alabama suspect tells police
Man slammed as 'daft' for sitting on whale carcass as massive sharks circle
One-legged fighter Matt Betzold just wants a chance to get punched in the face like everyone else
This Woman Dunked An Egg Beater In Lava And Got Arrested
Drug suspect caught after his own dog leads police to hiding spot
Redskins clear to sue Native Americans
Students riot after Chinese teachers try to stop them from cheating
Vampire-Fanged Deer Discovered in Afghanistan
The Witchcraft Potential of Foreskins
Love Letters to Spam
Woman busted for selling drugs also charged with having sex with dog
Taylor Swift Carries Her Cat Around The City-So We Tried It
U.S. airbase commander bans augmented reality games as possible terrorist threat (x-post from r/technology)
Animal Watch: Squirrel was acting nuts in Ashburn
Britain's Most Relentless Nudist Keeps Getting Locked Up
Incestuous child group sex ring uncovered in Alabama
U.S. airbase commander bans augmented reality games as possible terrorist threat
Thief squirts breastmilk at pharmacy workers to distract them and steal money
The Naked Rambler: the man prepared to go to prison for nudity
EPA threatening Wyoming man with $75K per day fine over homemade pond | Deseret News
Israeli soldiers attempt to detain 2-year-old for rock-throwing
Iran jails British-Iranian women for 'watching volleyball'
Pregnant woman in coma after being hit by truck gives birth to 'miracle' baby
Burglar takes selfie during store robbing and inadvertently leaves phone at scene, leading to his arrest
Bowhunter mistaken for squirrel, shot in head
How does this fit into your revolution? Anti-capitalist Russell Brand's film company is being 'bankrolled by City bankers in tax relief scheme' (Article published by billion dollar corporate owned media system without a hint of irony.)
Terrorists using Indian onions to make explosives in Pakistan: Zaid Hamid
27-Year-Old Fooled India Into Thinking He Was Going To Be A Rocket Scientist At NASA
Katie Melua finds spider living in her ear
Wild boar attacks man in car, passerby kills it with kitchen sink
Utah police raid monster mash party to prevent dancing (xpost from r/police)
Naked Warwick Men's Rowing Team Calendar Makes A Splash To Fight Homophobia
BP flak: We didn't ruin Gulf, La. caused oyster losses
Video of woman having sex with a tiger sees man charged and subjected to hate campaign - turns out to be man in tiger suit
'I can infect whomever I please': HIV-positive woman steals frozen food from Texas Walmart, tries to infect employee, cops say
When you can't stop pulling your hair
Christian church offering beer to congregation during service
Wuhan college hosts brothel on campus
Redskins suing 5 Native Americans offended by team name
Мой кот, Бася My cat Basia
Maniacal Clowns Are Attacking People With Guns And Knives In France
I Am So Greasy & Gross
Iranian-British woman gets prison for going to volleyball game
Judge Suggests It's OK for Redskins to Sue Indians
Fox Host Thinks America Needs 'Older White Guy Appreciation Day' (VIDEO)
Satanic Temple submits coloring book to Orange schools
Satanic Temple submits coloring book for distribution in Florida school
North Korea Panic Over Ebola: World's toughest measures against Ebola have been imposed in a country far from west Africa, with very few tourists.
A 280 lbs woman has been appointed Belgium's Minister of Health, charged with fighting obesity.
'Idiot' surfs dead whale in shark feeding frenzy
Hairy situation: does Movember do more harm than good?
San Mateo County social worker arrested for having sex with teen client
Cavaliers Water Boy Caught Filling Powerade Bottle with Gatorade
Stripper allegedly gets bride-to-be pregnant at bachelorette party
Maplewood Hospital Patient Dies after Struggle with Police
Campaign flyer tells blacks in Alabama to vote or face the honoring of 'klansmen'
Cockroach disrupts pest control chief's testimony
Santa Cruz Man Reportedly Attacked While in Fox News Halloween Costume
Google fined over Street View image of woman's cleavage
Women Making $70 Feminist Shirts in Factory Paid Under a Dollar an Hour
Ebola-carrying bats may be heroes as well as villains
Is the Pope Catholic?
North Korean leader Kim's feet 'crushed under his own weight' after Elvis-style gain
And how are the "virgin boy eggs" this year? A bit more sour than usual, apparently
Man in Teletubbie costume who stole food will face charges.
Indian prime minister claims genetic science existed in ancient times (no logic)
'This Is What A Feminist Looks Like' t-shirt reportedly made in sweatshop
UK Government officials considered recruiting psychopaths 'to keep order' after nuclear attack
Man robs Subway because the "Jared Diet" didn't work
Woman loses wedding ring giving Halloween candy
Man sits on whale carcass as massive shark lurks nearby
Plane 'taxied down main street to Newman pub'
Iggy Azalea Was Brittany From White Chicks For Halloween
Is this the world's worst driver?
Daughter photoshops herself into vintage pictures of her mom
Fire Capt. Arrested After Alleged Scuffle with Trick-or-Treaters
App lets Jewish kids text on Sabbath - and stay in the fold | The 'Shabbos App' is generating controversy in the Jewish community
Aussie surfed on a whale carcass in shark-infested waters
MAN ROBS FOUR SUBWAYS BECAUSE 'JARED DIET' FAILED
Malaysia Home Minister: Non-Malays are more okay with being raped
"My mum thinks I'm an idiot, dad's not too proud either." Check out this Australian guy surfing a whale, surrounded by sharks. Ballsy... and stupid, as fuck.
Report: Squadron CMC kissed and hit on his sailors
Aussie Surfs Whale Carcass As Sharks Circle
Thirsty man drives plane through Australian town to get to the pub
Man who taxied plane to Newman pub faces charges
Man breaks into home dressed as Teletubbie; steals Chinese food
Undercover penguin reduces wildlife stress
"Mum thinks I'm an idiot": Australian man admits 'surfing' dead whale was bad idea
Sweden Formally Recognized Palestine - And Israel Responded With A Joke About Ikea
Iran jails British-Iranian woman who was detained for watching volleyball
Goalkeeper in Scotland flees country after derby humiliation
Hills Mobile Dog Wash
Oh FFS: "The mum who fell in love with her sperm donor"
Man who 'taxied plane to Newman pub' charged
A Man Who Collect Dead Bodies In Ukraine
CSIRO (inventors of WiFi) appointed new head - promotes funding of water divining
Yes, Monsanto Actually DID Buy the BLACKWATER Mercenary Group!
62p AN HOUR: What women sleeping 16 to a room get paid to make Ed and Harriet's £45 'This Is What A Feminist Looks Like' T-shirts
Snapdeal Sent Him A Bar Of Soap When He Ordered A Phone. Now, The Soap Company Gifts Him The Phone!
University gets federal grant for fat vests, 'weight sensitivity training'. (X-post from r/Fatlogic)
Georgia GOP official busted in alleged rape attempt he showed online
'Sexting' now banned in Victoria
Saudi Arabia alert to danger of 'digital drugs'
China's web regulator denies shutting foreign websites
Man Regrets Jumping Onto Whale Being Eaten By Sharks
Facebook sets up 'dark web' link to access network via Tor
Obama is not really black! This is makeup!
Man admits 'surfing' dead whale was bad idea
This Man Immediately Regretted Jumping Onto A Dead Whale Being Eaten By Great White Sharks
Nintendo wants to watch you sleep... for science!
Russians Tore Down A Memorial To Steve Jobs After Tim Cook Said He Was Proud To Be Gay
TIL The Chicago Sun Times called the New Zealand All Blacks a "legendary Aussie team" after their significant win against the USA Eagles at Soldier Field.
Former pig castrator Joni Ernst poised to win Iowa Senate seat for Republicans
Gas Leak at Novato Taco Bell Sickens Three
Man Dressed As Fox News Reporter For Halloween Attacked By Santa Cruz Man Who Screamed He 'Hates Fox News'
MONDAY AT 11PM: Are a sandwich chain's delivery drivers breaking the law to beat the clock?
The Chicago Sun Times labels the New Zealand All Blacks rugby team as a "legendary Aussie team" after their significant win over the USA Eagles this past weekend.
Man Born With Upside-Down Head Defies Doctors Odds and Becomes a Motivational Speaker.
Port Orange mother jailed on suspicion of giving children toilet bowl cleaner to drink
Fears a beached blue whale could explode are deflating
Monument To Apple's Jobs Removed In Russia After CEO Comes Out
Google has 'outgrown' its 'don't be evil' mission statement
Gay Ukip MEP David Coburn Says Gay Marriage Supporters Are 'Equality Nazis' (xpost worldnews)
Pro-weed ads prompt blunt exchange between Walker and Burke campaigns
I'm drained, isolated, and my cat went nuts, says man who 'suffered worst' from burst pipe
"Tim Cook's sexuality is irrelevant," says Tony Perkins as he threatens to boycott Apple. (x-post /r/atheism)
Dolphins hope nobody notices they're playing good football
A Man Immediately Regretted Jumping Onto A Dead Whale Being Eaten By Great White Sharks
Man Immediately Regrets Jumping Onto A Dead Whale Being Eaten By Great White Sharks
Reading Arabic 'hard for brain'
This robotic penguin chick is doing undercover work in Antarctica
Jay Leno back on 'Tonight' for a night
Man dressed as Fox News reporter for Halloween is attack by man who hates Fox News
Disgruntled Jets Fans Raise Enough Cash For 'Fire John Idzik' Billboard
Sony Files Patent To Make TV Ads Into Video Games
Australian man drives plane down main street to a pub.
Australian man 'surfs' dead whale surrounded by sharks
An Indian courthouse investigates reports of unusual suspects: Ghosts
Viral video star Antoine Dodson fought actual bed intruder Rashaad Cooper in a 'celebrity' boxing match on Sunday
Harrison Williams Regrets 'Surfing' Dead Whale, Admits He's An Idiot
American crash-test dummies made 'morbidly obese' to reflect nation's expanding waistlines
CANADA, AT WAR FOR 13 YEARS, SHOCKED THAT A TERRORIST ATTACKED ITS SOLDIERS
Stone Age man used the same word for 'poo', new book reveals
Katie Melua horrified to discover hearing issue caused by spider living in her ear
Russia removes Steve Jobs monument after Tim Cook's coming out
Russians Tear Down Steve Jobs Memorial Because Tim Cook is Gay
Google has 'outgrown' its 14-year old mission statement, says Larry Page
CNET turns to print with a new quarterly magazine
Australian man drives light plane down main street for a drink at the pub
Dad Invites Young Daughter's Alleged Rapist to Dinner, Then Tortures Him to Death
Security guard fired after elevator ride with Obama
Video: GOP governor candidate defends $5 million yacht 'named after a sex slave'
Syfy exec opens up about the network's ambitious plan to lure back sci-fi fans
McConnell Campaign Rocked by Photo Showing Him with Science Book
Oops: UN Head Means Austria, Thanks Australia
Man calls daughter's 'rapist' home, tortures and kills him, say police
Boehner has hired two law firms to sue President Obama. They've both quit.
Argument Over Wrestling Leads to Shooting
GOP governor candidate defends $5 million yacht 'named after a sex slave'
North Korea's Brand New Ballistic Sub Discontinued by Soviets in 1990
Concerned Rapper Wants You to Protect Your Passwords
Steve Jobs iPhone Memorial Dismantled in St Petersburg After Apple's Tim Cook Makes Gay Revelation
Wisconsin police deploy armored vehicle over dog poop dispute, SWAT team executes dog
Student Suspended for Slicing Apple During Healthy Snacks Presentation
Man Arrested For Having 4 Wives, 7 Fiancés and 5 Girlfriends
Worker suspended for talking like a robot
Australia man parks wingless aircraft at pub
RWJ Hospital Runs Out of Beds as Alcohol Overdoses Overwhelm Hub City First Responders on Halloween Night
Gay Ukip MEP: Same-sex marriage backers are 'equality Nazis' supporting 'false bollocks' so 'queens can dance up the aisle to Village People'
New Toy That Automatically Post Terrible Baby Selfies?!
The Washington Redskins are now suing Native Americans
Gay UKIP MEP: Gay marriage is 'false bollocks' by 'equality Nazis' for 'queens'
Gay Ukip MEP David Coburn: 'Gay Marriage is for Queens Desperate to Wear Bridal Frocks'
EXCLUSIVE: Undercover video shows North Carolina poll workers offering ballots to ineligible impostor - TWENTY TIMES - putting voter ID battle on the front burner
New Clock May End Time As We Know It
Eating chicken may lead to a smaller penis
Lena Dunham Threatens To Sue Truth Revolt For Quoting Her
Bamboozled: What happens when a 'thirty-seven-fifty' bottle of wine really costs $3,750
NBA Continues to Crack Down on the Big Balls Dance
Santa Cruz man says 'I hate Fox News,' then allegedly attacks victim wearing Fox reporter Halloween costume
Washington Redskins suing Native Americans offended by team's name
Dad makes daughter wear shirt that says "I'm 10-years-old" for profile picture on social media because he found out she was lying about her age to boys online.
China officials 'buy corpses to meet cremation quota'
New owners add more seafood to Red Lobster menu
Mexican jumping beans prompt bomb scare
Red Lobster calls soup, pork dishes a mistake; goes back to seafood | Toronto Star
Misleading Headlines Can Leave Lasting Impressions, Even If You Read The Article
Joni Ernst says it's just an 'opinion' that one person in US has ebola
Father makes daughter pose for new profile picture wearing shirt that says "I am 10-years-old" because he found out she was lying about her age online to older males.
Jilted bride sent 'offensive texts' after groom no-show on wedding day
Downton Abbey dog Isis killed off over links to terrorist group
Steve Jobs memorial dismantled for fear that it would turn Russia gay
Bill Clinton Plugs Kay Hagan In N.C.
Man struck, killed by falling tape measure
Wisconsin hunter mistaken for squirrel shot in head
High School Teacher Back In Classroom Despite Reportedly Saying She 'Would Kill All Black People'
Former Nazi who rounded up Jews as they arrived at Auschwitz complains of the hell HE is enduring... because his pension has been cut by £47 a month
Schoolyard Bullies Chant 'Ebola,' Beat African Students
Man Arrested For Breaking Into Candy Shop On Halloween
Girl catches Tigger having 'full on sex' in public bathroom
3-year-old catches man in Tigger costume having sex in public toilet
please, someone put a stop to this already. (sigh)
SEE IT: Scientists say Baltimore facility infested with more than 107 million spiders
An underwearless Iggy Azalea rips her pants while performing at a bar mitzvah.
Russia dismantles Steve Jobs memorial as 'gay propaganda' after Apple's Tim Cook comes out
Russia Takes Down Steve Jobs Memorial After Apple's Tim Cook Comes Out as Gay
Election 2014: Campaign trail tarred with 'gay serum' rumour
4Chan tries to convince people that Doritos are infected with Ebola
Singer Katie Melua discovers spider had been living in her ear for a week
Berkeley Lab scientists identify new driver behind Arctic warming
AHL Goalie David Leggio Dislodges Net To Stop Breakaway [VIDEO]
Suspected Subway robber confesses, cites failed Jared diet as motive
Harvard to teach students how to have anal sex
University Instructor: U.S. Troops Worse than the Islamic State
Russian monument to Steve Jobs taken down after Apple CEO Cook says he is gay
Husband puts wife's ashes into fireworks, shoots her into the sky
facebook unveils a tor friendly onion address for anonymity
(NotTheOnion) Birmingham(UK) decides to put statue of "mixed race" family to promote Multi-Culturalism in front of newly built Library instead of JRR Tolkien Statue
Man robbed Subways because "Jared diet" didn't work
This Dad Realized He's Been Raising His Adopted, College-Bound Son In The Wrong Culture His Entire Life
After being arrested in 2012 for drug possession, Crystal Methony is behiny bars again tonight after firing a missile into a car.
Falling Tape Measure Kills Man at Jersey City Construction Site
In New Book, Russell Brand Says Richard Dawkins Is a Proponent of "Atheistic Tyranny" For Rejecting the Supernatural
Man who stood on whale being eaten by sharks says it was stupid
Harvard University offers students 'Anal Sex 101' class
Impressed with their precision in digging tunnels, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation hires Bank robbers as consultants
Washington Redskins sue Native Americans for calling their name racist
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette publishes glowing profile of Jian Ghomeshi after radio star accused of sex abuse
American paper re-runs Jian Ghomeshi profile written before assault allegations
Breaking Bad blamed for shocking rise in crystal meth usage - Telegraph
Dad Invites Daughter's Rapist to Dinner, Then Tortures Him to Death
"Heiress" gets DWI arrest expunged after prosecutors decline to press charges - 2013
Man arrested after driving a plane down the main street to a pub.
Ariana Grande Calls Cops on Kitten Calendar Crazed Creep!
Bobby Flay Customer Ordered $3,750 Wine, Says He Thought It Cost $37.50
Bodysnatching China officials dead serious about cremation quota
Burnaby politicians pointing fingers over rumour of students being injected with gay serum
Boy, 10, dies after suffering serious head injuries in freak TOILET explosion
Forceful sex on menopausal woman not rape, says Delhi High Court
Natali Cohen Vaxberg faces charges after pooping on Israeli flag
Ben Stein: 'The President is the Most Racist President There Has Ever Been in America'
Man refused OJ at Manville bar, returns with scissors
Nose Spray Ebola Vaccine Protects Monkeys
$3K Internet Bill Leaves Student Speechless
49 manhole covers blown into the air in Tokyo's Shinagawa
Ác Thần : Nhập Gift Code Quà Tặng Alpha Test |
Every inch counts: Mother-of-five to be the first person in the world to run a marathon in HIGH HEELS
Meir mum Natalie Eckert to run London Marathon - in high heels
Man drives plane down busy street to hit up local pub, leaves propeller running while parked out front. #straya
Gay Ukip MEP David Coburn Says Gay Marriage Supporters Are 'Equality Nazis'
Man charged for parking wingless plane outside pub
This Four-Acre Indoor Web Was Home To 107 Million Spiders
France Just Fired The Guy In Charge Of Selling Warships To Russia
Dallas Cowboys to use #Cowboysuk for upcoming London game
Sources: Navy intel chief's security clearance suspended, can't view classified info
Meanwhile in South Korea
The Feminist Guide To Non-Creepy Flirting - Everyday Feminism
Redskins set to sue Native Americans
Leaking sinks force plane landing
Leaking sinks force Virgin Australia plane landing
10 Crazy Kama Sutra Positions To Make Chores Awesome
Cowboys choose hashtag #cowboysuk to represent their week 10 game at Wembley Stadium (x-post from /r/NFL)
Audio That Gets You 'High' Is Alarming Authorities in Saudi Arabia and Lebanon
UAE call to ban hypnotic music as illegal 'digital drug'
Couple marries on Southwest flight
Comet Reeks of Cat Crap and Rotten Eggs
Police search for males in pink tutus who beat men in homophobic attack
Bayer is suing a whole continent for saving the bees?
Australian man drives plane through outback town to his local pub
Christians can't say 'God'
How I met your father: Love blossoms after woman seeks out anonymous sperm donor father of her daughter
British Pop Star Katie Melua Finds Spider Living In Her Ear
'Idiot' Australian decides to surf dead whale - while great white sharks feed on it
Woman almost eaten by python from her toilet
Man attempts to ride whale carcass as great white sharks are eating it
One electrical specialist is having benefits removed by government. Forced to work for free at the company that laid him off previously.
New CSIRO head wants to make water divining easier for farmers
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles prompt RSPCA warning
Blackout Drunk 26-Year-Old Racks Up A Massive Uber Bill, Now Wants Other People To Pay For It
26-Year-Old Successfully Crowd Funds To Pay For Her $362 Halloween Uber Ride
Coast Guard rescues zombie from lake Michigan
'Blackface' students win Halloween contest
Aston Villa forced to cancel their goal of the month vote... because they didn't score one!
'Big, handsome boy' killed in Flamborough crash
Pastor thinks Starbucks is "ground zero" for Ebola because they support gay rights
Scooby Doo takes on zombies in fight goaded by Cinderella and a giant caterpillar
Burlington man has eaten 95 meals at Olive Garden in 6 weeks using $100 'Pasta Pass'
Russian Women Bemoan a Lack of Men - and Their Money
Wine Drinker Suffers $3,750 Sticker Shock at Bobby Flay Steak
Aston Villa abandon October goal of the month competition...after failing to score!
Professors speak on medical marijuana legalization panel on Friday, offer blunt opinions
Cowboys choose hashtag #cowboysuk to represent week 10 game at wembley stadium
Aston Villa forced to cancel their goal of the month vote after failing to score a single goal
A sexual harassment policy that nearly ruined my life
71 year old proposes to 25 year old!
Now You Can Use Bitcoin to Anonymously Send Poop to Your Enemies
Chinese officials bought corpses from grave-robbers to meet cremation quotas, report says
Artificial Intelligence Outperforms Average High School Senior
Saving Hope actors witnessed rectal exam: Lawsuit
'No Idea Why' Ex-Girlfriend's Mom Would Plot To Have Him Killed, Fed To Alligators
Crane Loses Swordfight With Drawbridge (Florida's First Medical Marijuana Casualty)
90-year-old Florida man arrested for feeding the homeless
Aston Villa abandon their October 'Goal of the Month' competition...because they didn't score one!
Villa cancel best goal vote because they didn't score any
Shisha to be banned in Singapore
Police: Man crashed wheelchair into cars
RAMAPO COLLEGE TELLS GIRLS TO PRACTICE ANTI-RAPE FACES, WHATEVER THAT MEANS
Tape measure falls 50 stories, killing man at construction site
California state senator sentenced to 90 days in prison serves about an hour
A case of modern day slavery in the UK
Jenny McCarthy, "Aspirin gave my father Alzheimer's". Cardiologists Appalled.
Shy bladder group protests Rob Lowe's DirecTV ad
Bomb Squad Takes 3 Hours To Discover Mexican Jumping Beans In Suspicious Package
Why One Woman Lived on Dog Food for 6 Days: Anne Kadet Realized Her Dog's Food Would Mesh with Her Paleo Diet
Michelle (Obama) To Black Voters: Just Vote Democrat, Then Celebrate With Fried Chicken
Shy bladder group protests 'awkward' Rob Lowe ad
Couple, neighbors ask: Where is the witch?
Should Black And Hispanic Men Be Banned From Chatting Up White Feminist Women?
Pittsburgh man burns his legs trying to light furnace while drinking moonshine
NY troopers arrest man for trying to eat DWI test
Second Williamsburg Starbucks Aims to Be 'Coolest' You've Ever Seen - Brooklyn
Shy bladder group protests Rob Lowe ad for DirecTV
Russian memorial to Apple founder dismantled after CEO comes out
Shy bladder group protests DirecTV AD
Counter-Strike is coming to MLG, will premiere at X-Games
Girl finds bag of meth in trick-or-treat Halloween candy
English Premier League team cancels Goal of the Month voting contest after having failed to score a goal all month
English Premier League team cancels Goal of the Month voting competition after having scored no goals.
English Premier League team cancels Goal of the Month voting competition after having scored no goals all month.
Why Is UConn's Mascot a Popular Rape Meme?
Robot baby penguin infiltrates Antarctic colony
Group calls DirecTV ad with Rob Lowe discriminatory toward people with shy bladders
Dallas Cowboys Coin Regrettable 'CowboysUK' Hashtag for London Game
Horny Deer Make November Driving Risky
Ben Stein Calls Obama the Most Racist President Ever
SEAL commander to SEALs: Seal it
Chief irked after reported gunshot wound is callus
Apple iPhone banned in Russia starting January 1st, 2015
Aston Villa cancel Goal of the Month contest because they didn't score one
Government Fires Cleaning Staff To Save Money
Ben Stein Calls Barack Obama 'The Most Racist President' In American History: Watch Video Of Shocking Fox News Segment
Basel firefighters rescue ass stuck in manhole
Court orders hockey mom to stop harassing son's coaches, Detroit Red Wings
Man Arrested After Allegedly Trying To Eat DWI Test
Hercules: Crystal meth found in child's Halloween candy
"Shit Express" Will Actually Send Poop To Your Enemies
Stiletto-Obsessed Women Cut off Their Pinky Toes for More Comfortable Fit
Michael Brown's Parents to Speak at UN
3-Year-Old Boy Shot By Other Toddler In Southwest Baltimore
Bankrupt goalkeeper to auction balls
Jillian McCabe Accused of Throwing Autistic Son Off Oregon Bridge
Wendy Davis rocks Wu-Tang Clan shirt on Election Day in Texas
Coast Guard finds zombie floating in Lake Michigan
Russians will be unable to use their iPhones starting January 1
Real Life Scientist Suing Over The Microwave Scene In American Hustle
Red Lobster Retools Menu to Feature More Seafood
Semen Found In Starbucks Drinks Nationwide; FDA Currently Investigating
Neo-Nazis peeved over KKK's competing anti-immigration rally planned for Texas
California law lets transgender students pick bathrooms
Racially Diverse Emoji Are Finally Coming to Your iPhone
UPDATE: Gordon Co. murder suspect found dousing fire with beer
Man seeks woman with his ex's name so round-the-world plane ticket doesn't go to waste
Shameful! He disguises himself as a famous pedophile and serial killer for Halloween
Dad auctions off his son's football allegiance.
90-year-old Florida man faces 60 days in jail for feeding the homeless (Xpost/r/floridaman)
How To Wean Your Kids Off Halloween Candy: Cold, Hard Cash
MP demoted after suggesting homeopathy use in Ebola fight
This is a joke
Aston Villa Cancel Goal of the Month Competition After Scoring No Goals
Rob Lowe ad protested by shy bladder group
American grandfather faces five years jail in Arab Emirates for taking picture of 'no photography' sign
Man Says He Has 'No Idea' Why Ex-Girlfriend's Mom Would Plot To Have Him Fed To Alligators
Police charge 90-year-old man, 2 pastors with feeding homeless
Bags Of Cash Fly Out Of Armored Truck On Interstate. Police Are Asking For The Money Back.
Taco Shop Closes After Calling Customers 'Inbred, Meth Snorting Hicks'
New Jersey Man Struck, Killed by Falling Tape Measure
Police charge 90-year-old man, 2 pastors with feeding homeless | Latest News - Home
Shy bladder group protests 'awkward' Rob Lowe DirecTV ad
Short skirts, bad stars, chow mein: Why men in India rape women
Harvard is Hosting an Anal Sex Workshop
Former CBS News Reporter Sharyl Attkisson Claims Existence of Obama Enemies' List
Troopers arrest man for trying to eat DWI test
Bank of Canada governor urges jobless young Canadians to work for free
Baskin-Robbins Honors Vets With Camouflage Ice Cream
Connecticut man charged with trying to eat his DWI results
L.A. Zoo's new hippo calf surprises staff; mother was on birth control
Michigan passes rape insurance law.
Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon tweets photo of woman's butt by accident.
Bank of Canada governor to unemployed youth: Work for free
D.C. voters set to legalize, but advocates plead: No public pot party in nation's capital
Judge cites Pink Floyd song, Money, in Crown Solicitor's office fraud case about 'greed'
Man eats at olive garden 90 times over 6 weeks
Fox Host: We Need "An Older White Guy Appreciation Day"
Maine associate men's hockey coach seeking pilot's license to aid recruiting
The Candidate Named "Pro-Life"
Students Graffiti Korean National Assembly "For Homework"
A Bizarre New York Congressional Race Has Become A 'Hot Mess' For Democrats
Exit polls 2014: Voters hate everyone
Red Lobster Wants to Be a Seafood Restaurant Again, Revamps Menu
Pennsylvania Taxi Association President: UberX Is Like ISIS
Tape measure falls 50 stories and kills a man
Professional American Football Player Jadeveon Clowney 'Liked' A Girl's Picture On Instagram While His Team Lost
Brittany Maynard's Husband Wanted to Spend His Life With Her
No interview, no police report, and no bullet for girl who got shot in the head
Americans Are Working So Hard It's Actually Killing People
Connecticut Gubernatorial Candidates Debate About Their Yachts
Meth found in child's Halloween candy in Northern California
Discovery to let a man be eaten alive by an andaconda in a "snake proof suit"
Colac woman wins TAC payout after being driven over by pet dog
'I sat in crap for six hours wearing a face mask!': Passengers claim they were forced to sit on Virgin Australia flight where aisles were swamped in human waste
90-Year-Old Florida Man Arrested for Feeding Homeless
4chan user commits homicide and posts the deed on 4chan several hours before the body was discovered.
#DroneBoning... I Mean It's Pretty Self-Explanatory... (SNSFW)
Pro-gun author Dana Loesch cancels book signing at gun-free campus citing safety concerns
Canada's Top Central Banker Suggests Unemployed Young People Work For Free
Prince Reportedly Pulls Out of Secret Toronto Show Because He 'Just Wasn't Feeling It'
Why aren't our kids going to church dances?
Australian Story: Woman falls in love with sperm donor
90-Year-Old Florida Man Faces Months In Prison For Feeding The Homeless
Kim Jong-un photobombed by stuffed animals in compromising position
Iggy Azalea Suffers Wardrobe Malfunction During Bar Mitzvah "Booty" Performance
Tattooist Illegally Inks Young Girl, Spells 'Belleve' Instead Of 'Believe'
Medical marijuanna legalization law amendment 2 in florida fails with 57.3% of the required 60% :(
Australian Man Admits 'Surfing' Dead Whale Was Bad Idea
Deceased Candidate Leading Washington State House Race
Muslim group raises stink over picture of Hindu god near 'halal' logo on bottle labels
Australians lead efforts to move space junk with lasers
2015 Emoji Update Will Include More Diverse Skin-Tones
Mathematician Solves the Hipster Equation, Figures out Why Hipsters End Up Looking The Same
Oklahoma teacher suspended after allegedly putting students in trunk
'Gay Serum' Rumour Circulates In Burnaby
Exit polls say 1% think economy is "excellent"
Federal Way state House Rep. Roger Freeman is winning re-election despite dying six days ago
Orphaned otter pup being trained to be an otter
Nintendo wants to watch you sleep
School Accidentally Tells Parents That All 717 Students Have Gone Missing
Malaysia to join MH17 crash investigation team
This "COME AT ME BRO" sign has been following Mitch McConnell around for months
Emoji to Gain Expanded Racial Diversity With Skin Tone Modifier Option in Mid-2015
Dead candidate leading Washington state House race
Man arrested wearing 'Go Directly To Jail' Monopoly shirt
Man rides dead whale as sharks feed on it
Python Attacks Woman, Tries to Drag Her Down the Drain
Homeopaths outraged over lack of WHO response for Homeopathic medicine to Cure Ebole...
'Painfully Awkward' Rob Lowe Commercial Under Fire From Shy Bladder Support Group
Malaysia to join MH17 crash probe team
CT man tries eating DWI test results
Mitch McConnell's vote photobombed by unhappy constituent
Tech More: Target Teens Viral 'Alex From Target,' The Teen Who Went Viral On Social Media, Was All A Marketing Ploy
Turkish company mistakenly makes al-Qaeda leader the face of a hair-removal ad campaign
Pornography requests inundate Delhi police's graft helpline
4chan user murders woman; Posts photos of victim on /b/
Could wind farms of the future be underwater? Company plans submerged turbines off the coast of Scotland
Pay for poop with Bitcoin, have it mailed to your boss
Danny DeVito doesn't like One Direction, despite being in their video
Researchers Send Robotic Penguin Babies In To Monitor Real Penguins
Google reveals it is developing a computer so smart it can program itself
Bag Of Cash Falls Out Of Armored Truck Which Motorists Whisk Away, Now Maryland Police Want The Money Back
Google Fined Over Cleavage on Street View
New Scroguard device could protect men from STI's
Man Finds Out Wife Is Pregnant After Using Her Urine for His Drug Test
Kentucky Teacher Resigns Over Parents' Dumb Ebola Fears
Toys Let Babies Post on Social Media
ISIS Dumptruck May Have Been Target of First Canadian Air Strikes in Iraq
#NotAllKlansmen: Montana KKK leader vows to make group more racially inclusive
CNN election commentators use Microsoft Surface to hide iPads
Gender Neutral Underwear Is Here!
PositiveSingles STD dating site faces $16.5m penalty
Microsoft Surface loses on election night as CNN commentators use it as iPad kickstand
Microsoft Surface product placement in CNN election coverage fails as iPads revealed behind them
Man struck and killed by tape measure that fell 50 floors in Hudson County
Mia Love is Congress' first black Republican woman
Whatever You Do, Don't Buy Your Aircraft Carrier From Russia
Man offers free trip around the world to anyone with his ex-girlfriend's name
Caroline Wozniacki Would Be Better Marathoner if She Practiced for Marathons, Says Physician
'Jesus' Mark Appears On Tree, Says Bereaved Son
Garden Views: Tips for growing onions
Meteorologist Fires Back At Belichick
Ram raid with digger at cash point outside M&S Malvern
Scottish Club Hamilton Academical Combines Soccer and Sobriety
German top publisher unblocks Google after being surprised nobody visits his site anymore
Weather Channel Responds To Bill Belichick's Shot At Meteorologists
Man Calls 911 For Chest Pains, Cops Show Up Beat Him and Threaten to Kill Him
Mathematician Solves the Hipster Equation
Suspected perfume thief crawls into Stevenage sewer to evade capture
Breakfast Menu Causes Fight at McDonald's
Tourist Plunges to Her Death While Taking Selfie on Landmark Bridge
NYC pastor: Starbucks is flavoured with the semen of sodomites
Dutch government minds the queues for pees
Japan beats Scotland to win world's best whiskey title
Domino's Becomes A Tech Company That Happens To Make Pizza
This new 'Nightcrawler' film gets the comics all wrong | PopWatch
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: American Politicians Are A Greater Threat to Democracy Than ISIS
Денежное дерево. Выращивание, ухаживание
Homeless lose 'fuel source' with Metro Pulse
Koch-Tied Group Tries to Trick Stoners Into Voting for Wisconsin Libertarian
Man Claims He's Going To Put On A Snake-Proof Suit And Let An Anaconda Swallow Him On Camera
CNN Discovers Promotional Surface Pros Make Fantastic iPad Stands
Former Ravens Cheerleader Arrested, Charged With Rape Of Teen
Someone added roadrunner, coyote to Acme Foundry in Minneapolis
Sean Avery quits off-Broadway play two days before it opens after pizza-related meltdown
Man Killed By Falling Tape Measure
Father finds bag of meth amongst daughter's Halloween candy
Former Baltimore Ravens cheerleader charged with raping 15 year old boy.
CNN Caught Using Promotional Microsoft Tablets as iPad Stands
Putin regrets Ukraine ceasefire is not working
Hitler Look-alike Tours Berlin for Film Marketing Stunt
Hillary Clinton won the 2014 midterms? That's what Yahoo says
Harvard University Offers 'What What In The Butt: Anal Sex 101'
Tinder reveals paid-for 'Undo' feature on its dating app
GOP pledges to avoid ideological warfare with Obama
Madonna Buys Chance the Rapper a Razor Scooter, Hints at Collaboration
Man has eaten 95 meals at Olive Garden in 6 weeks using $100 'Pasta Pass'
Cute or creepy? This toy lets babies post selfies on Facebook
Woman eats dog food for a week to save money: Report
Welcome to CNN correspondent 'Mortal Kombat'
My Breast Twerking Video Got 32 Million Views, And I'm Appalled
Obama and GOP Speak of Cooperation
After Vote, Baiting Bears With Doughnuts Poised to Stay Legal in Maine
'Human Barbie' says she was injured in vicious attack
Mystery solved: Where the penis comes from
Man eats breakfast cereal out of bath
Meet 'Dr. Chaps' Gordon Klingenschmitt: Colorado's New Anti-Gay, Demon Hunting State Legislator
Obama and G.O.P. Speak of Cooperation
Christian rapper Jackie Hill-Perry comes out as ex-gay firebrand
Colorado elects an Obama exorcist who wants to spank transgender children.
Russian iPhone monument taken down after Apple CEO Tim Cook announces he is gay
CNN Election Team Hides iPads Behind Sponsored Microsoft Tablets
Would-be robber confronted, runs to Olympia police for help
Wanted man Aaron Bee takes 'selfie' outside Lincoln Police Station
Victorian woman offered compensation after being run over by her pet dog
Alex From Target Meets Ellen on The Ellen Show
CNN caught using Microsoft Surface as iPad kickstand
This new 'Nightcrawler' film gets the comics all wrong
North Carolina Man Eats at Olive Garden 95 Times in 6 Weeks, Somehow Isn't Dead
Donkey pops up out of manhole in Switzerland
Many suspicious of more inclusive Montana KKK chapter
Sean Avery's off-Broadway debut derailed by meltdown over pizza
You're Just As Likely To Die En Route To Vote Than To Impact An Election Outcome
Kim Jong-Un 'photobombed by soft toys having sex' while visiting North Korean orphanage
Stokes County Democratic Party chair arrested for dumping tea on man, kicking him in groin
Army says word Negro OK to use
Blind woman launches claim of unlawful discrimination against Coles over website
10 Health Foods You Should Never Eat
Bag of meth found in 8-year-old California girl's Halloween candy
At last, racially-diverse emojis
Hunt for armed and dangerous quadruple amputee, 30, 'who killed his parents and then went on the run in Florida'
Woman accused of witchcraft burned alive
Montana Klansman vows to bring racial diversity to 'new' KKK
Man built a castle without planing permission, so hid it behind a haystack.
Starbucks Flavors Lattes With Sodomite Semen, Hate Pastor Says
Man Eats at Olive Garden 95 Times in Six Weeks.
Neo-Nazis vs. the Klan? It must be East Texas
90s Kids Rejoice! The Spider Eggs They Used To Fill Beanie Babies Are Finally Hatching!
BBC News - Egypt: Man's 'drugs test trick' foiled by pregnancy
Russians hear Tim Cook is gay, pull dead Steve Jobs' enormous erection
Egypt: Man's 'drugs test trick' foiled by pregnancy
Man with no hands, no feet named 'person of interest' in parents' slaying
Florida Man, 90, Arrested for Feeding Homeless People; Faces Possible Jail Time
Man makes the most of his Never Ending Pasta Pass, eating 95 meals
Former NSA attorney blames Blackberry's demise on encryption
Barack Obama Responds To Michael Jordan's Criticism Of His Golf Game With A Pretty Sick Burn
Former NSA Lawyer Says Reason Blackberry Failed Was 'Too Much Encryption' Warns Google/Apple Not To Make Same Mistake
Ebola not spread by zombies, says minister
Woman awarded $140,000 after being run over by pet dog
Victorian woman offered compensation after being 'run over by dog'
This Journalist Smoked Crack So He Could Write This Article
Calgary considers simple solution for pedestrian safety: Have them carry flags
A Call To Only Flip Off The Google Car With One Hand While Driving
Justices Consider Whether Tossing Out Fish Destroyed Records
Why does liberal Iceland want to ban online pornography?
Jaden Smith To Have His Penis Removed At 18
Man to be eaten alive by anaconda in Discovery special
Falmouth man admits assault with Cornetto (From Falmouth Packet)
Lizard Limbs Turned into Genitalia
Former NFL Cheerleader Molly Shattuck Repeatedly Raped 15-Year-Old Boy: Cops
City Ranger accidentally gives himself parking ticket; takes matter to court.
the woman who appears to be Oakland's mayor-elect rode off from a victory speech Wednesday in a metallic, fire-spraying snail vehicle
Proposed Mississippi ballot aims to create "Confederate Heritage Month" in the state, to protect confederate heritage in the state
Meet Saira Blair, West Virginia's Very Conservative New 18-Year-Old Lawmaker
Researchers Conducted a Rat Census in New York City
Domestic terrorism: Isis housewives told how to prepare battle snacks
AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd charged with attempting to procure a murder
Priceline 'Breakthrough' in Reducing Dependence on Google
Film maker to be eaten by anaconda for documentary
Starbucks bans engagement rings for employees
Filmmaker Paul Rosolie to film being eaten by an anaconda for wildlife documentary
Education Dept. takes no issue with top bureaucrat's online PhD
Supreme Court Debates over Sentence of 20 Years for Throwing back 3 Red Groupers
9/11 mastermind stars in Turkish company's hair removal ad
AC/DC's Phil Rudd Arrested for Attempting to Procure a Murder
Scientific Study Reveals "Conspiracy Theorists" Are The Most Sane Of All
Bomb Squad Tech Recovers Potentially Explosive Girl Scout Items
Serbian football host is so beautiful she almost lost her 'deam job'
A-Rod Snitched On A-Rod During Meeting With DEA
Woman Named Crystal Metheny Shoots Missile into Occupied Car
China: Groom calls wedding off after the Bride arrived at the wedding looking 50 years older
As cops sleep, burglars loot ATM inside police station
The Man Behind The 'Morning Edition' Theme Music. Also, Lyrics!
Irish girl denied job by Korean company because of the 'alcoholism nature of your kind'.
People who need to urinate are less likely to believe in free will, bizarre study finds
90-Year-Old Man Charged With Feeding the Homeless in Florida
'I Occasionally Eat Coal' Admits Abbott
Ass Gets Stuck in Manhole
Octopuses given own art exhibition in Brighton
Man buys eBay item from Japanese seller - you won't believe what he received
Teenage girl arrested after boy, 3, 'drop-kicked in Nando's toilet'
'Irish alcoholism nature' reason for job rejection for Irish teacher in South Korea
Teenager arrested for 'drop-kicking a toddler' in Nando's toilet
'Irish alcoholism nature' reason for job rejection for Irish teacher in South Korea (x post)
Colorado Elects Republican Exorcist Who Believes Gay People 'Want Your Soul'
Police investigate Alex Salmond bonfire effigy
Army regulation approves terms 'Negro' and 'Haitian'
AC/DC's Phil Rudd Accused of Murder-For-Hire Plot
Israel FM faults hard right for Jerusalem tensions
81 year old golfer hits a hole in one on 3 consecutive days. Before 2014, he hadn't hit one in 45 years.
Town of Speedway schooling drivers on roundabouts
Ebola room in hospital hides a deep fryer. (translated)
Quadruple Amputee On The Run After His Parents Were Murdered 'Is Armed & Dangerous'
Students suspended after alleged prostitution in high school bathroom (x-post /r/trashy)
Blind woman sues supermarket over website accessibility
Oregon mother says she threw her six-year-old from bridge
Russian city unveils monument to the Enema
Aston Villa forced to cancel their October goal of the month competition as they didn't score any goals
Guy farts on all 37 of his co-works, considers it an accomplishment.
Dutch to public: Don't pee on the royal palace
Man arrested for selling illegal still 'perfect for the family drunk'
Terrorists Used False DMCA Claims To Get Personal Data of Anti-Islamic Youtuber
Users can't tell Facebook from a scam
Al-Qaeda mastermind featured for 'hairs, not terrorism' in Turkish cosmetic ad
Trash Dumped for Clean-Up Drive; Delhi BJP Chief Says Was An Error
Teenager arrested for allegedly 'drop-kicking a toddler' in a Nando's toilet
Health - Should Christians Do Yoga?
Waitress recommends a bottle of wine that was thirty seven fifty; that's $3,750. Not $37.50
Drone porn is beautiful! NSFW
Police Say Man With No Hands and No Legs Is Armed and On the Run
Shy bladder group protests DirecTV ad with Rob Lowe
U.K. tourist office invites visitors to 'Smell York' with scented guide
Alleged Killer Arrested After Pictures of Murdered Girlfriend Posted Online
Girl pukes while pushing the button for Above & Beyond
Suspect flags down journalist, confesses on camera, hijacks his car
Bruce Springsteen auctions off a lasagna dinner at his house for $300,000
Meanwhile, In Florida: Police Say Man With No Hands or Legs Is On The Run In The Sunshine State
Hitler Sightings In Berlin?
Man 'surfs' dead whale while surrounded by large sharks
18-Year-Old Freshman Elected to W.Va. House of Delegates, Becomes Youngest State Lawmaker in US
U.S. Rapper Snoop Dogg Loves Belarus
This Venn diagram shows where you can both smoke weed and get a same-sex marriage
Al-Qaeda mastermind featured for 'hairs, not terrorism' in cosmetic ad: Turkish company
Man threw cheese at woman, cut her stomach in fight over Facebook photos
I bought pot legally and it was weird
Colorado elects Obama exorcist who wants to spank transgender children
How Arctic ground squirrels use steroids to bulk up for winter
Kim Jong Un holds a photoshoot at an orphanage but naughty stuffed animals steal the show
Bitcoin mine burns to the ground in fire accident
Lake Michigan full of zombies after haunted house barge partially sinks
NYC Pastor: Starbucks is flavored with the semen of sodomites
Man robbed of $2 at Arby's while on first date
Trees in downtown Iowa City get cozy with annual sweater project
Chinese leader vows to speed up construction of new Silk Road
Mother Calls Police to Help Her Son Take His Medicine, Cop Shows Up and Shoots Him
There Was A Time When Water Beds Were Considered Sexy And We're Revisiting It
After tie, coin toss will settle race for Cook County Board seat
GM offers gift cards as bait for owners to get recalled cars fixed
NYC Pastor rants about Starbucks for using semen to flavor their drinks and make people think they are having a good time
West Bank hit-and-run may have been accident - not terror attack
A special congratulations to Alaska for this
GOP Announces New Agenda - Behind Pay Wall of Wall Street Paper
SpiceJet Flight Hits Buffalo During Takeoff at Surat Airport
Mississippi law would allow the confederate flag to be flown alongside the American Flag, and Dixie played after the national anthem.
Deicide want fans to calm down
Man sues hospital after rectal exam used for TV show research
Manet £40m sale beats artist's record
Ex-NFL Cheerleader Charged With Raping A 15 Year Old Boy She Met On Instagram
Sean Avery quits Broadway play, throws tantrum over pizza offer: Report
Polish tourist tries to snap 'selfie,' falls off bridge and dies
Harvard Teaches Probing Anal Sex Class!
Customer Furious After Restaurant Charges Him $3,750 For Wine It Said Cost 'Thirty-Seven Fifty'
Iowa teen testifies about killing a goblin
Man to be eaten alive by anaconda on TV, everyone horrified
OHL suspends two players for Tinder abuse
Vladimir Putin says there was nothing wrong with Soviet Union's pact with Adolf Hitler's Nazi Germany
Michael Brown's Mother Named As Robbery Attacker
Man eating nothing but Olive Garden speaks out: "I have not had one meal that was not just perfect"
Report: A-Rod urinated on his cousin's floor 'to mark his territory'
Florida Activists Arrested For Serving Food To Homeless
Obama and McConnell Are Trying to Pretend They're Not Plotting to Destroy Each Other
James Manning, ATLAH Church Pastor, Claims Starbucks Uses 'Sodomites' Semen'
Iran: MPs propose lashes for dog walkers
Quadruple amputee sought in murder of parents.
Quadruple amputee sought in Florida after his parents are killed
28 D.C. drug cases dropped after FBI agent found passed out surrounded by empty drug bags
Pastor accuses Starbucks of flavoring its coffee with semen of 'sodomites'
New York City pastor: Starbucks flavors lattes with 'semen of sodomites'
Jihadis Are Now Taking Cruises to Get to Syria
Police mistakenly spray 'hot chilli' at four-year-olds
Lil B Will Give a Lecture at MIT This Month
Salon Writer Condemns Arithmetic As Racist
Amputee sought in shooting deaths of parents in Florida
Putin blames politics for falling energy prices
Paul Rosolie to be 'eaten alive' by anaconda on Discovery
Discovery to show man literally 'Eaten Alive' by anaconda
Giant American fish teaches Japanese pear how to play baseball
Iowa teen tells court he thought he was killing goblin, not his 5-year-old foster brother
Alex Rodriguez Urinates in Cousin's House to 'Mark His Territory'
Lorry carrying 200 pigs overturns after crashing with bread lorry in York - with pics - 6.10pm UPDATE (From York Press)
Man With No Hands And No Legs Sought In Death Of His Parents
Rose McGowan attacks LGBT community for failing to campaign for feminism: 'Gay men are more misogynistic than straight men'
Gwent Police mistakenly spray 'hot chilli' at four-year-olds
Florida charity worker, 90, arrested by police for feeding the homeless gets right gets arrested again one day later
Quadruple Amputee On The Run After His Parents Were Murdered - Considered 'Armed & Dangerous'
NY Pastor Thinks Starbucks' Secret Ingredient Is The 'Semen of Sodomites'
If Online Shopping Drives You Nuts, This App Will Actually Make You Enjoy It
BuzzFeed: Why BuzzFeed Doesn't Do Clickbait
This girl wants to be black...
North Carolina man has eaten 95 Olive Garden meals in six weeks
Woman in Paraguay accused of witchcraft, burned alive.
CNN commentators use Microsoft Surface as kickstand for iPads
Adult Film Star Says She'll Give Sexual Favors to Everyone on the Lakers If They Reach 47 Wins
You Won't Believe How Buzzfeed Responds to Accusations of Clickbaiting
American Hero Eats At Olive Garden 95 Times In 6 Weeks
Man eaten by anaconda for Discovery Channel
Sheriff: Many witnesses too high to help search for Chelsea Bruck Read more at: http://www.monroenews.com/news/2014/nov/06/sheriff-many-witnesses-too-high-help-search-chelse/
Man allowed himself to be 'eaten alive' by an anaconda for Discovery Channel
Sheriff: Many witnesses too high to help search for Chelsea Bruck
An 83 Year Old Man is Wanted for Assaulting an Elderly Man in a Locker Room
Sen. Lisa Murkowski celebrated the GOP Senate takeover by waving a chair, yelling "I am the chairmaaaan!"
Pixar is making 'Toy Story 4'
Murder Suspect Confesses to News Cameraman Before Hijacking News Van...on camera. Dashcam rolls as suspect crashes van at gas station.
Man successfully robs store wearing hoodie that read 'Damn I'm Good'
Competency exam ordered for suspect in Crock-Pot death
People in Buffalo are creepy and need to take a long look in the mirror.
QUADRUPLE AMPUTEE SOUGHT IN MURDER OF PARENTS IN FLORIDA
Girl, 17, arrested for school-shooting plot to become 'first female mass murderer'
Another 119 snakes found in Regina-area home; 102 garter snakes removed last month
Dude Illegally Tattoos Teenage Girl And Misspells "Believe"
Dinosaur head in police custody
"IMPORTANT" STUDY OF PORN FOUND TO BE INCONCLUSIVE: RESEARCHERS SAY THEY NEED TO STUDY MORE PORN
Russian lawmaker proposes mailing Putin sperm to impregnate Russian women
President Obama furious after he accidentally awards the Medal of Honor to a Confederate Civil War general. This is the first time that a Confederate has ever received the award.
No words to describe this..
A Kentucky woman was arrested in an "I <3 Crystal Meth" shirt... for selling crystal meth.
c-span outraged caller uses n word in describing Obama. Checkout the clip on c-span.org?
STD Dating Site PositiveSingles Hit with $16.5m Fine
Ontario strip club awarded $100,000 Arts grant
2-year-old taken away from parents because they used marijuana, killed by foster mother.
Cops: Quadruple Amputee 'On the Run,' Person of Interest in Parents' Deaths
C-SPAN Caller Refers To Obama With The N-Word On Air
Sean Petrozzino, quadruple amputee, is on the run and considered armed and dangerous
Putin: Nazi-Soviet pact was legitimate; Britain to blame for Hitler's march into Europe
New Best Practice of Calling Everything a Best Practice Excites Higher Ed
We should stop putting women in jail. For anything.
Giant pink condom lowered onto Sydney's Hyde Park Obelisk to fight AIDS in NSW
Al-Qaida leader featured in hair removal ad
Texas Girl Was Taken Away From Parents Because They Smoked Pot, Only To Be Killed in Foster Care
#Ferguson Mike Brown's Mom Faces Charges for VIOLENT Assault, Led an Angry Mob
B.C. man claims unfair firing over pro-Nazi Facebook posts
Alex Rodriguez Reportedly Urinated in Cousin's House to 'Mark His Territory'
Kal hotel plans live "free sex" online
Bizarre:SpiceJet suspends flights to Surat (India) after aircraft runs into buffalo before take-off
'Al Gore' is in jail on felony drug charges
Quadruple amputee 'on the run' after his parents were murdered considered 'armed and dangerous'
Spice Girls' 'Wannabe' Named Catchiest Song Ever By New Study
South Carolina exit poll asks whether 'blacks are getting too demanding' over equal rights
Have you heard the one about the socialist octopus who earns £45k a year?
Polish Princess Arrested in Portland and Sentenced For Cockfighting
Bizarre: SpiceJet suspends flights to Surat after aircraft runs into buffalo before take-off
Romanian princess sentenced to probation for staging cockfights with knives
Climate change denier Jim Inhofe in line for Senate's top environmental job
Understanding Millennials-How do Potatoes Fit into Their Lives?
Foxy Knoxy's new gig: Amanda Knox is now a pretty good theater critic
Maryland teen too drunk to carry out school massacre
Maryland teen was too drunk to carry out school attack plan: police
You know you're in college when...
Amanda Knox: Convicted Murderer's New Career as Theatre Critic for Seattle Paper
Robot Makes You Feel Like There's a Ghost Behind You
Mom blogged about autistic son before throwing him off a bridge
Shooting Suspect Confesses to Reporter, Then Carjacks News Vehicle
India plane hits buffalo on take-off
Italian model gives up modelling to become professional referee
Wind turbine noise not linked to health problems, Health Canada finds
South Carolina Exit Poll Asks If 'Blacks Are Too Demanding' In Quest For Equal Rights
10th Grader Expelled, Home Raided, Over Facebook Photo with Toy Gun
Israel tried to limit civilian casualties in Gaza: U.S. military chief
Vladimir Putin 'mankini' bonfire effigy angers Russians
English town burns an effigy of Vladimir Putin wearing a green mankini
'Cannibal' eats woman and then dies after being Tasered in Welsh homeless hostel
U.S. general says Pentagon sent a team to learn from the Israeli military how to limit civilian casualties.
New Saudi law bans 'tempting eyes' of women
Vt. police search for broccoli thief
Indian airline SpiceJet hits buffalo during take-off
Mail editor is new chairman of press complaints organisation
Eight children pepper-sprayed and another injured by gunshot by 'clumsy' police
Garcinia Cambogia Reviews | All about Weight loss Supplements
Fan bets £1k on Chelsea winning Champions League after discovering José Mourinho's face on his wonton
Hostage Posts Selfie During Ordeal
Kansas woman awakes to find burglar eating her cookie dough
PETA criticises man for being eaten alive by anaconda
This White Supremacist Wants You to Join the Inclusive, Racially-Diverse KKK
Indian Domestic Flights Suspended After Plane Crashes Into Buffalo
Vampire Deer Sighted in Afghanistan
Quadruple Amputee Sean Petrozzino 'On The Run' After His Parents Were Shot Dead
A group in Germany has been demonstrating outside the Brandenburg Gate and Reichstag sporting Nazi flags with the swastika replaced with apples.
Aircraft hits a buffalo during takeoff. Engine damaged.
Jihadists 'using cruise ships' to reach Middle East war zones
Woman arrested trafficking crystal meth while wearing an "I Heart Crystal Meth" T-shirt.
New reality show claims it will show man "eaten alive" by a giant anaconda: "You have to go head-first"
Lebanon man on adult tricycle killed on Spaulding Turnpike
NC Teacher suspended for allegedly making racist remarks in classroom
Minneapolis mayor accused of flashing gang signs while posing for photo with volunteer
Bengals player says the Browns are not that good ... after losing by 21 points to Browns
Mpls. Mayor Flashes Gang Sign with Convicted Felon; Law Enforcement Outraged
Man in 'snake-proof suit' eaten alive by anaconda. Animal cruelty?
Police: Porsche full of cocaine dragged behind truck
Jail term for shooting spree that killed cat
Man eats 95 olive garden meals in 6 weeks
Dear White People: Mayor Betsy Hodges is Not in a Gang
Woman who found abandoned baby in her yard remembers it was actually her baby.
Minneapolis Mayor Flashes Gang Sign with Convicted Felon; Law Enforcement Outraged
Quadruple amputee Florida man on the run, thought to be armed and dangerous
Plane hits buffalo on runway
Plane Crashes into Buffalo
The French far right is fighting what it calls 'the kebabization' of France
Minneapolis Mayor Points at Someone; Law Enforcement Outraged
Anaconda to Swallow Man Whole on Discovery Special 'Eaten Alive'
Anti-Gay NYC Pastor James David Manning: 'Starbucks Flavours Coffee with Sodomites' Semen'
Trilby-wearing gunman gives up trying to rob Spanish pharmacist after staff refuse to take him seriously
Teen free to bang on his drums all day after judge rules against neighbor in year-long suit
NYC pastor pushes fake claim that Starbucks uses 'sodomites' semen to 'flavor up' lattes
Flamingoes Rescued From Siberian Wilderness
This White Supremacist Says He Is Trying To Form An 'All-Inclusive' KKK
Lawmaker proposes giving Russian women president's sperm to create new 'military and political elite'
Charity cheese: Denmark company donates 15 tons to homeless in face of Russia ban
Two semis, one containing milk, the other containing almond milk collided in an Indianapolis freeway today...
We don't do clickbait, insists BuzzFeed
Russian Lawmaker Wants To Extend Russian Greatness By Distributing Putin's Sperm
Insecam Displays Unsecured Webcams From Around The World
Man 'Robs Four Subways' After Famous Diet Fails
Iran: Dog Owners to be Lashed 74 Times in New National Ban
Putin seizes Ukraine, but loses Ukrainians
Putin: Life Means Nothing Without Love
Woman wearing 'I ♥ crystal meth' shirt arrested for possession of meth
Police Respond to Stabbing at Axe Murder House
Guy Goes To Mexico To Kill Himself, Spends Week Doing Coke And Banging Hookers, Decides To Keep Living
Sask. gov't sick days spike during Grey Cup, video game release
Ebola panic on nudist beach after illegal immigrants turn up showing signs of fever
Man in white van offers girls, 9 and 10, Halloween candy
Minneapolis mayor flagged for flashing gang signs. She was pointing with a black man.
Holy bat-battling behavior! Hungry bats jam each other's sonar
Ebola Scare: Sierra Leone Migrants Arrive on Canary Island Nudist Beach With Fever
Biorobotic Roaches Can Can Use Microphones To Search Rubble For Survivors
Use of word 'Negro' removed from new Army regulation
Marvel subpoenas Google to hunt down Avengers 2 trailer leak source
Run, they may have ebola! Nudist beach panic over migrant boat from Africa
The Alpaca Bubble Has Finally Burst
Vladimir Putin says love is the meaning of life
Diner at Bobby Flay restaurant in NJ orders bottle of wine he thinks costs $37.50; when bill arrives, the real cost: $3,750
Jerry Seinfeld tells Brian Williams he thinks he falls on the Autism spectrum
'Gang sign' story backfires on KSTP
Tara Reid Not A Drunken Mess On Halloween, Says Pal
DNA evidence proves that early humans survived the last ice age
Woman allegedly breaks into house, hugs homeowner
New FDA approved device silences queefs
Sacked French economy minister signs up for business school
Homeless woman fined for building her own home
Bad Molly Takes Colorado State Student On Insane, Masturbatory Rampage
Chinese Navy goes to Tanzania, Murders Elephants
Meet the World Foosball Champion from Lowell Who Is 8 People Away from Winning the World Series of Poker
Keira Knightley takes stand against Photoshop by releasing topless picture
Quadruple amputee is "armed and dangerous" according to authorities
Ky. Woman Arrested For Possesion Of Meth While Wearing 'I Love Crystal Meth' Shirt
Woman wearing 'I Heart Crystal Meth' shirt arrested for possession of meth
Obama Urged to Work Closely with People Suing Him
17 Arrested As European, U.S. Authorities Raid Darknet Sites : The Two-Way : NPR
Meth suspect wore 'I [heart] Crystal Meth' T-shirt
Woman who called 911 to report abandoned baby is the mother
Ambulance theft suspect Stefan Sortland's day allegedly included drugs, lewd acts and crackers
Ebola scare on nudist beach in Canary Islands after illegal immigrants arrive by boat
Porn star Sadie Santana offers sex to La Lakers if they win | fanatix Sport News
Toddler shot in 'Toddler on Toddler' shooting
Verizon contacted me on Twitter and asked for my billing password
Stole an ambulance, got tased while wearing an EMS vest and hold a box of Wheat Thins...and that just part of the crazy night.
Would-Be School Shooter Drinks Too Much Whiskey, Forgets Bombs at Home
Mayor Takes Photo With Black Volunteer, Local News And Police Somehow See A 'Gang Sign'
3 People Shot In 1 Week By Toddlers Wielding Guns
"Choking Girls All Around the World" Seminar Ends in Australia Among Protests
In light of Buzz Feed saying they don't use Click-Bait, Re-imagining all 32 NFL team logos as NFL team logos
Colma Shopper Attacked After Telling Mom To Calm Down Child Throwing Tantrum
Army drops use of term "Negro" in document
Photo shows Minneapolis mayor pointing at activist, not flashing gang sign
Mary-Kate Olsen I Used to Be a Twin
North Koreans working as 'state-sponsored slaves' in Qatar
Smoking hot porn star Sadie Santana offers sex to La Lakers if they win - Now that is motivation
Woman Wearing An "I Love Crystal Meth" T-Shirt Gets Arrested For Possession of Crystal Meth
Would-be Maryland school shooter who was too drunk to kill also plotted to shoot parents
Minimum Wage Workers Earn Less Money Than Welfare Recipients
Sour Patch Kids (the actual candy) bought a house in Brooklyn where bands can stay
There's Already A Silk Road 3.0 - Hours after the FBI seized the Silk Road 2.0, the deep web's infamous illegal drug marketplace, there's already another version of the site on the internet.
Silk Road 3 Is Already Up, But It's Not the Future of Darknet Drugs
Police: Drunk man drives tractor to S. Alabama store for more beer, gets arrested
Ebola-Infected NYC Doctor Strums Guitar to Pass Time in Isolation
Colorado State Student Takes Molly, Immediately Has A Seizure, Steals An Ambulance And Jerks Off In A Police Station
Russians tear down Steve Jobs monument because Tim Cook is gay
Quadruple amputee on run from police over double murder
Man high on drugs crashes stolen ambulance, masturbates in police station
Woman stabs boyfriend after he threatens to harm turtle
Yorkists fear an elaborate King Richard III reburial could reignite War of the Roses
This Guy Took Molly, Stole An Ambulance And Masturbated In A Police Station
Priests Pose Naked For Calendar Aimed At Battling Homophobia
Cannibal Killed Woman, Ate Her, Then Died by Police Taser: Reports
Horse brought to hospital to say goodbye to its dying owner
Protestors "Assault" Kinder Morgan...With Their Faces
Local Man's Eighth Facebook Suicide Status Not Getting as Many Comments as He Hoped
Police: Man played saxophone to 911 while drunk
Why zombies continue to surface at Chicago's Navy Pier
Quadruple amputee on the run is 'armed and dangerous'
Pastie recipe row led to child abduction bid, Belfast court is told
Gun + Fedora = ???
RAF forced to deny that pilot drew giant PENIS in the sky over military base
From Snoop Dogg with love: rapper dedicates clothing line to Belarus
Quadruple amputee on the run is 'armed and dangerous' <meta property="og:image" content="http://img.s-msn.com/tenant/amp/entityid/BBdmCd7.img?h=470&w=728&m=6&q=60&o=f&l=f"
After 7 Weeks Eating at Olive Garden, Man Doesn't Want Olive Garden Anymore.
Russian Female Lawmaker proposes giving Russian women president's sperm to create new 'military and political elite
The Church of Satan wants you to stop calling these 'devil worshiping' alleged murderers Satanists
Sanford police: Man offered $3 and chicken dinner for sex
Saudi women over 30 could drive until 8 p.m. but without makeup, council proposes
Quadruple Amputee Person Of Interest Is "Armed And Dangerous"
Neo-Confederate Who Says Civil Rights Are 'Make-Believe' Wins County Council Seat in Maryland
Jeremih and His Crew Reportedly Caused $700 Worth of Damage At Fuddruckers
Police investigate stolen broccoli in Upper Valley
#pointergate may be the most racist news story of 2014
4chan Murder Suspect David Kalac Surrenders to Police
HBO! Watch Bernard Hopkins vs Sergey Kovalev L.i.v.e S.t.r.e.a.m!
Should We Stop Putting Women in Prison?
'Cannibal' dies after eating woman's face in south Wales village
Mississippi petition aims to protect Confederate heritage
Owl attacks hawk at Vermont LL Bean store display
Doritos-Flavored Mountain Dew Is First Sign of Impending Apocalypse
Squatter in a Detroit home gets owned.
Lamar Smith, the current head of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology denies latest UN climate change report and calls the 800 scientists behind it biased
Gang steal 70 valuable SNAKES in ''professional'' hit on reptile shop
Spokeswoman: Mayor not flashing gang sign
Pepsi admits to testing Doritos-flavored Mountain Dew on human subjects
From dead to diamond: Company turns loved ones' ashes to jewels
Holy Texting! Does new app make smartphone use permissible on Shabbat?
Pint-sized superhero rescues Super City
Lesbians agree with a Christian and Disagree with the actions of an other homosexual.
"Gravity bong" prompts Adams City High School modified lockdown
CSU Student on "Molly" Stole an Ambulance, Masturbated at Authorities and Punched a Cop in the Face Read more at http://www.youredm.com/2014/11/07/csu-student-molly-stole-ambulance-masturbated-authorities-punched-cop-face/#5GWtOi4GWuC43S7g.99
Oxford woman accused of seizing bartender's false teeth
Dennis, the cross-eyed Collie, is having trouble finding a good home in England
Ebola panic grips nude beach
More than sexual exploitation, human trafficking is forced labor
CSU Student on "Molly" Stole an Ambulance, Masturbated at Authorities and Punched a Cop in the Face
Man charged with fight over whether or not acquaintance was dead
http://wundergroundmusic.com/Father who caught son taking ecstasy teaches him a lesson by making him take them all
Woman arrested for crystal meth possession while wearing crystal meth shirt
Sears & Roebuck Once Sold Opium, Heroin, and Cocaine
Report: Qatar Using North Korean Slave Labor To Build For World Cup
US activist faces jail for feeding homeless
Black professor says Mia Love's success due to white privilege
Facebook makes it easier to ignore people and pages
Qatar Using North Korean Slave Labor To Build For World Cup
Man dies after boat race accident at an memorial event for a death the previous year
A modern mining disaster: Bitcoin facility goes up in flames
Man does 'MDMA and cocaine, steals ambulance then masturbates in police custody'
Dr Daniel Ubani wins costs from Cambridgeshire victim's son
AHL Hockey Team to Hold "Face Off Against Diabetes" Night on Dollar Dog/Soda Night
#KMFace photos mock Kinder Morgan claim that facial expressions are a form of "assault".
Audi wiring cars with cameras to see how ferrets tear them apart
NY Pastor Says Starbucks Is Flavored With Ebola-Ridden Sodomite Semen
High student arrested for stealing and crashing ambulance, masturbating at police station
School Suspends Student After Mistaking Batteries For Bullets, and a picture of a gun ... for a gun
Man drinks liquor, rides the subway in the buff
The Senate's New Environmental Leader Thinks Michael Crichton Is a Climate Expert
Tourists warned not to take selfies with bears
Almost Everything in "Dr. Strangelove" Was True
North Carolina man has eaten 95 meals at Olive Garden in six weeks using $100 'Pasta Pass'
Dog lovers could face 74 lashes as Iran cracks down on pets in public
What goes up must come down - in jail
Troll Photo New HD - Funny 2014
Pigs and Bread crash. Bacon Sandwich Crash.
Pig lorry overturns after crash with bread lorry
Police Seek Quadruple Amputee Sean Petrozzino In Shooting Deaths Of Parents
Night Time Eiffel Tower Photos Are a Copyright Violation
World No. 1 badminton player fails doping test
World's top badminton player fails doping test
School Suspends Student After Mistaking Batteries For Bullets
Dolphin found dumped in alleyway a mile from the sea 'died from too much SEX'
Climate change 'making male bees more interested in sex than pollinating flowers'
SEAL who allegedly killed bin Laden: He 'died like a p***y'
Feminist says that women should never be put in jail.
Teen Pops Molly, Steals Ambulance & Masturbates at Police Station
Maine Fugitive Evaded Capture for 33 Years Because His Name Was Spelled Wrong
Jealous Falmouth man assaulted ex-girlfriend with Cornetto
Alleged Bin Laden Shooter: Osama "Died Like a Pussy"
9 rookie cops lose jobs over drunken graduation party
Navy SEAL Who Allegedly Shot Osama bin Laden: He 'Died Like a Pussy'
Doritos-Flavored Mountain Dew Is Real, PepsiCo Confirms
Oklahoma's senator-elect to use 'biblical worldview' to defeat the national debt
Pepsi tests new Doritos flavored Mountain Dew " Dewitos "
Single adults banned from park - in case they are a paedophile
Man takes 'MDMA and cocaine, steals ambulance and masturbates in police custody'
Colorado School Goes on Lockdown After Teen Hits Gravity Bong in Class
Man brutally beaten over slice of pizza
ObamaCare cost me my job! Click to see the mind blowing reason these 29 people were FIRED from their workplace because they were in favor of ObamaCare
Meet Voluntaryist, the First Libertarian Superhero
Rapper Lord Jamar: If we don't speak out against gay people, poor people will only be able to have one-legged mentally-incapacitated children
Japan to Invest in Robots, Not Immigrants, to Provide Healthcare for Aging Population
Marvel forces Google to identify who leaked the 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' trailer
RAF pilot denies leaving giant penis vapour trail in sky
Feds Crack Down On Cat-Eye Contacts In LA Area
Owl Vs. Hawk at Burlington, Vt. L.L. Bean Grand Opening
Giant condom divides opinion in Sydney
Mayor accused of throwing gang sign, but was she pointing?
A "gay" County Mayo bull faces the slaughterhouse because of sexuality
Man 'robbed Subway because he wasn't losing weight eating their sandwiches'
Parrot vanishes for four years, returns speaking Spanish
Man robbed Subway because he wasn't losing weight eating their food
Elizabeth Warren Blames Republicans for Ebola
Taliban militants caught having sex with cow in Badakhshan
Life after death is real, concludes scientific study of 2,000 patients
Man Accused Of Peeping, Throwing Concrete Statues At Fontana Victims In Custody
Marijuana Overdoses Kill 46 In Oregon During First Week Of Legalization
Charles Barkley Says He Will Not Eat Until Lakers Win a Game
Charles Barkley says he's not eating until the Lakers win a game
Mom shaves daughter's head after she refused to brush her hair
Brazil Military Drills to Defend Amazon
Man Accused of Masturbating While Driving on Route 146
'Princess wand' reveals image of girl cutting wrist
The system favors the rich, say the Americans preparing to vote Republican
Teen says he thought he killed goblin, Not brother.
KKK leader vows to make group more racially diverse
Michigan schools not required to provide quality education.
Duncanville High Teacher Says Whites Should Kill Themselves, Not Opine On Ferguson
Infinity Ward admits CoD players aren't gamers
NYC Ebola Patient Passing Time in Isolation Playing Banjo: Reports
Anatomy of a Drone Porn: 'Drone Boning' Makes Sex Look Like Art
Does Kim Kardashian have her eye on your bottom?
Hospital allows horse to visit dying woman. (This is actually pretty heart warming)
Student Omits 'Under God' From the Pledge of Allegiance, School Vindictively Lowers His Grades
Investigator in Secret Service Prostitution Scandal Resigns
More Buffaloes Found Inside Surat Airport Days After SpiceJet Plane Crashed Into One
Wanted man nabbed by gardaí after he was sent to fix their station's heating
Some Tunisians pick Iranian names for their children
Thousands of police, 24/7 coverage and barricades: Brisbane locked down ahead of G20
Murderer on the run after being released from prison unmonitored
MoD tells staff: Don't go to Russia with lust
2 women stabbed over dog poop
Kaelin Clay Drops Ball At 1-Yard Line, Oregon Runs It Back For Touchdown
Neighbors Were Arguing Over Dog Poop Before Alleged Double Stabbing
Crews Have Been Pulling Zombies Out Of Lake Michigan
Man attacks ex-girlfriend with Cornetto
Pepsi tests Doritos flavored Mountain Dew on innocent public.
Why Arctic squirrels don't rage when they juice on 'roids
Saudi 4-yr-old kills father who 'refused to buy PlayStation'
Affidavits: Molly Shattuck accused of sex with teenager
France - Am I Right?
African gangsters armed with bayonets are flooding Scotland with deadly crack cocaine
Ku Klux Klan opens its doors to black people
Cats, Parrots, Dogs Welcome To Worship In Berkeley Church
Sober in Stockholm: Booze-free clubbing is Sweden's latest party craze.
Utah man's cancer in remission thanks to HIV
Pregnant Woman "Court Ordered" to be Killed to Save a Fetus, which Died Anyway.
Russian Politician Suggests Inseminating Women with Putin's Sperms
Hindu radicals risk sectarian tension by pushing 'love jihad' conspiracy theory
'Love jihad' a global conspiracy to destroy Hindu culture: Shiv Sena
Jennifer Lawrence baked as life-sized Hunger Games cake
Confirmed: Doritos-flavored Mountain Dew is for real
Ku Klux Klan Opens its Doors to Hispanic, Blacks, Jews and Gays
Man catches on fire atop train in Connecticut
Please don't run for office, Angelina Jolie
Report: Turkish army bans Game of Thrones, requires officers take course on Islam
Massachusetts Town Weighs Nation's 1st Tobacco Ban
Why Kelly Ripa Doesn't Care That Her Teen Daughter Doesn't Like Her
Mark Zuckerberg Reveals Why He Wears the Same T-Shirt Everyday
Jihadists Have Infested World's Second Biggest Streaming Music Service
CNN accidentally 'kills' Barack Obama
Somehow, Justin Bieber ended up at the Steelers' Bible study on Saturday
North Korean State Sponsored Slaves Building Up Qatar
Muslims In Atlanta Encourage Children To Mutilate Themselves With Knives
Homeless Woman Builds A Home For Herself, Immediately Gets Fined for Building It
BBC apologise after Wales team-sheet lists Scarlets lock as 'Jake Ballsack'
The CIA's creepy Osama bin Laden doll could be yours for just $2,500
University professor says cane toads should be Australia's next gourmet cuisine export ... and yes they taste like chicken apparently
FEMA Asks Disabled NYC Adults For Money
City that called Comcast "terrible" strikes deal for Comcast service
Bumba lennoni: New Species of Tarantula Discovered in Brazil, Named after John Lennon
Pepsi Is Testing Doritos-Flavored Mountain Dew
Bin Laden Died 'Like A Pussy' Says Alleged Shooter
High school adds Klingon to foreign language program (from r/startrek)
Americans freed by North Korea arrive home after basketball great Dennis Rodman claims he helped Read more: http://www.smh.com.au/lifestyle/celebrity/americans-freed-by-north-korea-arrive-home-after-basketball-great-dennis-rodman-claims-he-helped-20141109-11je7c.html#ixzz3Ic55TQG4
Americans freed by North Korea arrive home after basketball great Dennis Rodman claims he helped
Nun makes music video of Madonna's "Like a Virgin."
Salon article calls for the public to stop worshipping veterans
McDonald's Calls Cops On Teens Rapping Their Order
Home Depot Lost 53 Million Emails, Blames Windows, Buys Execs New Macs
Woman Finds Intruder Snacking on Cookie Dough
Rude Arrows: RAF pilot denies leaving giant penis vapour trail in sky
American Freed by North Korea Eats Pizza While Health Improves
Colo. man on 'molly' steals ambulance, attacks cops and masturbates in station
Indian plane hits, kills buffalo on take-off
Virus that 'makes humans more stupid' discovered
SWTOR ▼ Ep.118 - Facing Deterioration ( Patch 2.10 )
Game Liên Minh Huyền Thoại Mobile Cho Điện Thoại |
ford Woman Accused of Stealing Bartender's False Teeth From Mouth
Oxford Woman Accused of Stealing Bartender's False Teeth From Mouth
Fort Lee Drivers Who Didn't Stop for Donald Duck in Crosswalk Upset Over Tickets
9/11 terrorist used to promote hair removal
Facebook gives users 'Ebola button' to donate money
FEMA tells residents it needs Sandy money back after wrongly disbursing funds
More than 40 NSW police besiege vacant Sydney home in three-hour stand off
Man steals ambulance, crashes it, masturbates, punches officer.
Man who cut off former girlfriend's hair in school parking lot agrees to shave head
American freed by North Korea wanted pizza
Add fluoride to water to improve British teeth, says Government health advisers
Sick Woman Granted Final Wish To Say Goodbye To Beloved Horse Hours Before Her Death
Chance the Rapper Receives Chicago's Outstanding Youth of the Year Award From Mayor Rahm Emanuel
Catholic Priest Wakes Up From Coma After 17 Months, Converts To Islam
Seattle woman arrested after swigging wine, eating pie at grocery store
US Army Veteran returned home after being deployed in Afghanistan for a year, murdered in home town Veteran's day party dispute
Police Use Department Wish List When Deciding Which Assets to Seize
WATCH: The Robotic Baby Penguin That Spies For Scientists
'Frozen'-inspired bra changes color when you're near a friend
This Lad Showed His Girlfriend How He Makes His Fingers Disappear.
Shanghai boy missing for 6 days found in IKEA
At UKM forum, Muslim doctors to learn of djinns, black magic in modern medicine
RT compares Putin to JFK and the West...to Russia?
MSNBC's Sharpton Invited to White House to Discuss How to Work with GOP - No, Really
Police break up homeless feeding at Stranahan Park
Fort Lee police ticket motorists who fail to yield to Donald Duck
70 year-old Japanese man arrested for dumping a quarter-ton of porn (that's 500 VHS video tapes and 17 sacks of magazines) in Osaka park
90 Pounds Of Cocaine Found On Cargo Ship Owned By Anti-Drug Senator's Family
Boffin imagines WiFi-defined no-shoot zones for wireless weapons
Kansas Will Be Prepared for the Zombie Apocalypse
Women In Korea Are Actually Getting Pubic Hair Transplants
Japanese Gangsters Give Out Halloween Candy To Kids
Student arrested for carrying George Orwell's novel 1984
The real reason gas prices are falling
How low can people go? Man steals phone of woman killed by train
Man fired for eating jam tarts at work
Tramps are 'going at it like rabbits' in graveyard orgies, locals claim
The students who feel they have the right to cheat
Is there no one left in Britain who can make a sandwich?
Ky. Woman Arrested While Wearing Pro-meth Shirt
The Ku Klux Klan opens its door to Jews, black people and homosexuals - but new recruits will still have to wear white robes and hats
This US woman celebrated her 100th birthday with skydiving
Who needs Paris? North Korea is now a tourist hub
Falconry display bans single adults over paedophile fears
BBC says sorry for calling Welsh rugby player 'Jake Ballsack'
You Can Make Diamonds Out of Peanut Butter
EXCLUSIVE: Oscar Pistorius may be forced to stay in jail because he has NO ANKLES for electronic tag
Ghost hunter stabs himself for no reason while staying at ax murder house in Iowa
Ku Klux Klan Rebrand Opens Its Doors To Black People, Jews And Gays
Paranormal investigator stabs self during visit to Iowa 'Ax Murder' house
Dying pensioner reunited with horse for final time
Mother Calls Police to Help Her Son Take His Medicine, Cop Shows Up and Shoot Him
Facebook News Feed settings now makes it easier to unfollow friends and Pages
Dollar store toy wand has hidden picture of demonic child cutting herself with a kitchen knife
Chat Therapy with Robot Carl Sagan
China Greets World Leaders With Dancers, Lights, Neon Driveway
Manhattan apartment is $10 a month ... for 50 years
Drunk teacher 'wet himself' during class in front of students
James Dyson suggests leaving the EU over vacuum cleaners
Scientists Discover a Virus That Subtly Changes the Brain to 'Makes Humans More Stupid'
Oscar Pistorius 'could be denied early release because he has no ankles to attach an electronic tag'
Someone tried to make some cheddar on a facebook ticket page
Bradley Cooper Looks Different Without His Signature Scruff
Colorado School of Mines student rescued from mine
Artist Sarah Hallacher Turns The Pains Of Heartbreak Into An Online Experience
Park bans single people from entering in case they're paedophiles
Dispute Over Dog Feces Leads to Face Stabbing.
Park bars single people over paedophile fears
Groom storms off during wedding photo shoot after bride made herself look like an old woman to test if he would still love her
Science may have uncovered why humans only have one penis
Ventriloquist to challenge gag order against his puppet
Apparently Monster energy drinks are mad by Satan.
Parents' horror after 'Evil Stick' toy for toddlers reveals picture of a young girl slitting her wrists with a knife
Teacher who had sex with pupil changes Facebook status to 'in a relationship' with teen
South African ventriloquist challenging gag order on his puppet.
Indian plane hits stray buffalo during take-off
Obama supports reclassifying Internet as a Utility.
Driver rear-ends car while distracted by rainbow, police say
Pakistan's new weapon of mass seduction - the hair transplant
Man Is Delivered from Homosexuality, Dances with a Bunch of Guys to Celebrate
Isis selling oil for $20 a barrel (xpost from /r/worldnews)
40 years for man who caused toddler's death over spilled milk
Man Buys 99 iPhones to Propose to His Girlfriend; She Says No
Woman arrested for meth possession while wearing 'I Love Crystal Meth' shirt
Police: Drugged teen beat 2 cops while yelling 'Dropkick Murphys' and 'America'
'I'm a rocket scientist': Sovereign citizen 'enlightens' cop about Treasury cash scheme
Bull being sent to slaughter house because of his homosexuality.
Obama urges net neutrality; Cruz calls it 'Obamacare for the Internet'
Owl attacks hawk at L.L. Bean store opening
Ted Cruz: Net neutrality is 'Obamacare for the Internet'
Ted Cruz Calls Net Neutrality 'Obamacare for the Internet'
Quadruple amputee is armed and on the run
Republican Lawmaker Believes That Obama is Possessed By Demons
Scientists Discovered the Best Dance Moves for Men to Attract Women
Homeless man beat 91-year-old man with cinder block for $1.50
Suspected burglar mistakes officer for getaway driver
Man ordered to shave head after giving ex-girlfriend criminal haircut
British Officials Warned Against Sex With Russian Honeytraps
2 Teens Rob Girl Scouts of their Cookies in Severn
How Taylor Swift's Blank Space video redefines politics, music and everything else ever
Illegal Aliens Demand 'Illegal Pete's' Change Its 'Racist' Name.
Mark Cuban On Being A Billionaire: 'It's F------ Amazing And Off The Charts'
'Spartacus' arrested, allegedly broke windows with extinguisher
Crews continue to pull zombies out of Lake Michigan
BBC sorry after calling Wales rugby international 'Ballsack' in online teamsheet
The Ku Klux Klan opens its door to Jews, homosexuals and black people in bizarre recruitment drive
Grumpy Cat to Host WWE's Monday Night Raw
Chinese phone company that copies iPhone designs is mad that another company is copying their designs
A/C came standard on armored dinosaur models
Ted Cruz on Net Neutrality: "Net Neutrality is Obamacare for the Internet"
Senator Ted Cruz calls Net Neutrality "Obamacare for the Internet"
Should You Smoke Pot With Your Teenager?
The McDonald's McRib: What's really inside?
Is Monster Energy hiding a secret Satanic conspiracy?
Global warming 'will require more UK troops sent to fight overseas'
This Bull Is Being Sent To The Slaughterhouse Because He's Gay
Gag order issued against ventriloquist
Ivy League students ask Rick Perry for anal sex during campus visit
Former president George W. Bush said he and other famous Bush's had to "earn" their way into politics and that the family's political dynasty was not helpful in LA launching careers.
Testes 'most distinct human tissue'
Woman dies after cannibal eats her face
4-Year-Old Hospital Patient Blows Up Hotel
Police: Woman wearing 'I love crystal meth' shirt busted with meth
Scientists Announce Today Best Time To Look Directly At Sun
Guangzhou man buys 99 iPhone 6s to confess his love to colleague before Singles' Day
Ted Cruz Says Net Neutrality Is 'Obamacare For The Internet'
Watch Taylor Swift Turn Into a Crazy, Knife-Wielding Girlfriend in Her New Video
'King Ralph' Is the Film That Taught Me the True Depths of Human Cruelty
Legal Loophole Allows Lesbian Couple to Get Married in St. Petersburg
Are Scottish Nationalists voting for Judy Murray to undermine Strictly Come Dancing?
New York Times Finally Admits It Has Never Heard of Good Burger
The New York Times Apologizes for Not Recognizing Photo of Kel From Good Burger
Miami federal prison holds father-daughter dance.
Man eats Olive Garden 95 times in 6 weeks
Cloud of pot smoke puts Colorado high school on partial lockdown
What It's Like to Have a Micropenis
Gay bull to be slaughtered because he only has eyes for fellow bulls
People fear for their lives while preparing for Ferguson shooting case results.
Norwegian forced to remove dish satellite after 14 years of arguing - "It feels undeniably a bit like living in North Korea"
Olsen twins no longer appear identical because they are not identical twins.
College Student Asks Rick Perry If He'd Have Anal Sex for Donations
Chinese Programmer Sticks Windows 95 On An iPhone 6 Plus
Gun sales spike as Ferguson area braces for grand jury decision
Cold blast carries distinctive odor
Juggalos Clean Up Buffalo's East Side
Jodi Arias trial update: Parents make YouTube video asking for donations - ABC15 Arizona
Geologists Who Didn't Predict an Earthquake Aren't Killers, Italian Court Rules
Former UNC athlete sues school over academic scandal
Republican Lankford brings biblical worldview to Senate
Nancy Grace and the Selfie Stalker
Guinness World Records Crowns Call of Duty as Best Game Series
Evil Stick, The Demonic Dollar Store Toy
D.C. woman spends $35,000 in search for missing dog
Theme park BANS adults entering without children in case they're paedophiles
WANTED: IDEAS FOR TRANSFORMING PLANES INTO "AIRCRAFT CARRIERS IN THE SKY"
No Jail Time For Woman Who Cut Man's Penis With Box Cutter
Putin hits on China's First Lady, Censors Go Wild
PepsiCo confirms Doritos-flavored Mountain Dew is real
Man Dead After Catching on Fire Atop of Metro-North Train
[NZ Prime Minister] John Key's killer paedophile joke falls flat
Vladimir Putin cracks on to China's first lady Peng Liyuan, censors go wild
Man spends £50,000 on iPhone 6s to propose to girlfriend - she says no - Telegraph
Charlie Rangel: I Called Tea Party 'White Crackers' As 'Term Of Endearment'
Device Changes Your Mood with a Zap to the Head
Cyborg Hears Colour With Device Fixed To Skull
Man Dehydrates After Discovering Water Is Halal Certified
Florida accidentally bans all computers and smartphones
Oil Baron Has To Pay Ex-Wife Nearly $1 Billion - And He's Thrilled
A man volunteered to be 'eaten alive' by an anaconda. Discovery, in need of a rebound, is going to air it.
Six-Year-Olds Are Partying at Kiddie Raves in New York City
Florida accidentally bans all computers
Huge raid to shut down 400-plus dark net sites
Teen Wal-Mart Employee Charged with Using Deodorant and Returning it to Store Shelves
Seismologists Cleared of Manslaughter for Failing to Predict Quake
Teen Was Allegedly Too Drunk To Carry Out School Shooting Plan
Jesus married Mary Magdalene and had two kids.
Campers Already Out in Beaumont Awaiting Black Friday Deals: Two women arrived 22 days ahead of Black Friday sales at the Best Buy in Beaumont.
Priest, Pastor, and 90 Year-Old Man Charged for Feeding the Homeless in Florida
Would-Be School Shooter Was Too Drunk to Do It: Cops
MONSTER IS THE DEVIL'S ENERGY DRINK, Says This Lady
Corn maze works too well - panicky patrons call 911
New Usher Song Available Exclusively in Honey Nut Cheerios Boxes Sold at Walmart
"Why are they wearing red flowers?" One Direction fans asked as the boy pop-band took to the stage for The X Factor UK on Sunday night.
Declaring MH370 'lost' greatly disturbing, says Australia
Big Food's weird war over the meaning of mayonnaise
Usher's New Song will be Available Exclusively in Honey Nut Cheerios Sold at Walmart.
Tom Crean on IUBB: "We've all made mistakes while on a full ride scholarship"
Jesus married Mary Magdalene and had 2 kids
Usher's "Clueless" Available Exclusively In Honey Nut Cheerios Sold At Walmart
Woman finds intruder eating cookie dough in her kitchen
Sandwich-makers of Britain concede Daily Mail front page is right
Nancy Pelosi to Democratic voters: Yes, it's a 'terrible year' - but it's your fault
Cosby yanks meme scheme after it backfires spectacularly
Bill Cosby asks Internet to turn him into a meme. It's not going well.
Police: Thieves try to steal wagon full of Girl Scout cookies
in brochure rẻ, in brochure đẹp
Take Part in Tellwag.com Customer Satisfaction Survey
Bill Cosby gets rid of website meme generator after horrible results
Billionaire Oilman Harold Hamm To Pay $1 Billion In Divorce Settlement
Top 10 Shopaholic Cities of the World
Mountain Dew is making a nacho cheese Dorito flavored soda
Watch furious women throw chairs and trash McDonald's - because they missed breakfast
German bikers unite with Dutch comrades in fight against ISIS
Essex parrot picks two locks in car escape
Sharing photos of Eiffel Tower clicked at Night is now Illegal
Number of America's Vietnam War vets on the decline
Pregnant ISIS Teens Face Choice Between Terror War and Jail Babies
India's prime minister repositions his cabinet with addition of minister for yoga
Binaural beats: Middle East authorities are cracking down on audio that gets you "high"
Shit Express will deliver poop to your enemies
Middle East authorities are cracking down on audio that gets you "high"
Glenn Beck reveals major health issues
Russian capital Moscow shrouded in noxious gas
The congressional GOP sharpens its knives to attack scientific research
Dad builds Iron Man costume to help sick infant 'feel brave'
No girls in library since they will attract boys
Cable companies 'stunned' by Obama's 'extreme' net neutrality proposals
November 5; Doughnut Appreciation Day! Show HPD Recruiters some appreciation.
For women in tech, egg freezing parties are new post-work event
The Inventor of the Game Operation Now Needs Help Affording an Operation of His Own
DAILY MAIL FRONT PAGE: Is there no one left in Britain who can make a sandwich?
WWE: Chris Jericho Says Vince McMahon Fined Dave Batista $100k For Bleeding In The PG Era
Indian politician being investigated for tax fraud claims 'termites ate vouchers'
California Man Blames Obama After Running Over, Killing Black Man with His Pickup
Abhishek Singhvi in tax soup: officials reject his claim that 'termites ate vouchers,' slap Rs 56-crore penalty
Judge Sentences Man to Shave Head in Bizarre Ponytail Assault
Man in Croatia charged for disturbing public order after yelling at burglar
Indonesia police mistake Gameloft office for illegal gambling den
S'pore police & SCDF use real Indian foreign workers for fake riot demonstration in the wake of the Dec 2013 Little India riots [X-post from /r/singapore]
Nestle apologises after tweeting that missing Mexican students were 'Crunched'
Swan brings Heathrow runway to a standstill
China: Drunk power plant boss 'causes blackout'
Is saying hello sexual harassment?
Man tries passing fake 20's at a yard sale ran by a bank teller.
Glenn Beck Sick With Mysterious Neurological Illness
Police raid man's flat after hearing screams. He was just doing badly at online chess
Aunt May Movie Without Spider-Man Rumored To Be In The Works
'Cannibals' arrested for killing man and selling his body parts to kebab and pie shop
Saudi Arabia outlaws 'tempting eyes'
Putin Flirts With China's First Lady, State Censors Are Not Amused
Kirk Cameron spotted at Greenville Chick-Fil-A
Video: SWAT Team Kills Passive Canine On Dog Poop Call
7 Reasons Net Neutrality Is A Dumb Idea
Zombie Catchers Hacks Tool
Japanese women paying hundreds of pounds to make perfectly straight teeth look crooked and fang-like? Japanese women paying hundreds of pounds for crooked fang like teeth-latest cosmetic craze.
Bill Cosby really shouldn't have asked Twitter to meme him
Japanese women paying hundreds of pounds to make perfectly straight teeth look crooked and fang-like?
Rumor: Sony Working On An Aunt May 'Spider-Man' Spinoff Movie
S African puppet gagged for 'hate speech'
TN man calls 911 after wife he dismembered and put in freezer days ago still alive
Usher reportedly releases new single as cereal box prize
Frozen Inspires Bizarre Bra Technology In Japan
Usher to release new song exclusively through boxes of Honey Nut Cheerios
Bargain Florida home comes complete with corpse
Grandma went through 6 months chemo - only to find out she had no cancer - See more at: http://www.tnp.sg/news/grandma-went-through-6-months-chemo-only-find-out-she-had-no-cancer#sthash.w3Tghx1u.dpuf
Sony rumored to be making an Aunt May film without Spider-Man
Drunk man unleashes 'wrath of electric tiger' and plunges thousands of homes into darkness.
Brownstone Owner Mulls Renting Out Backyard Treehouse Through Airbnb
Grandma went through 6 months chemo - only to find out she had no cancer
The KKK Is Reportedly Opening Up to Jews, Gays and Black People in a Rebranding Effort
Coolest pope ever? Francis talks previous work as nightclub bouncer
Prison hosts first-ever father-daughter dance
Seismologists Cleared of Manslaughter for Downplaying Quake Risk
Dough! Greedy Scots riot over free Krispy Kreme doughnuts
MIT Football Wins Conference Title with 8-0 Record
Pentagon wants ideas for flying aircraft carrier
Rick Perry Event Disrupted By Students Seeking Anal Sex
pepsi test doritos flavored mountain dew
Shamed teacher who had sex with pupil now 'in a relationship' with the teen on Facebook.
Tibetan Monks decide to use emails, but without 'attachments' (due to persistent cyberattacks)
When Pro Skaters Hang Out With C- and D-List Celebrities
'They're going to be amazing' - TOWIE star Amy Childs thinks Ebola is a boyband
Model catches fire train surfing
Romanian town weathering ladybug invasion
Man who caught fire atop train dies of injuries
The KKK invites Jews, blacks, gays etc. To join new recruitment campaign...
Mormon Church admits that its founder, Joseph Smith, wed more than 40 wives.
Glenn Beck Says Mysterious Illness 'Made Me Look Crazy'
A 'Stupidiy' Vius Has Been Discovered
Police protect killer from victim's parents
Accused Silk Road 2.0 kingpin was "very polite" techie, kept a Bible in his Tesla
A Man Buys 99 iPhones to Propose to His Girlfriend, She Says No.
Monkton teen told police he took gun to Towson school - drank too much whiskey to follow through
Best Buy shoppers already in line for Thanksgiving Day sale
We Share Succes - free shares for registration before the IPO in Q4 2015
Solar Plant Wants to Pay Off Massive Government Loan with Massive Government Grant
Glenn Beck Reveals Serious Illness That 'Made Me Look Crazy'
Mormon church admits founder Joseph Smith had about 40 wives
Lara Logan shoots a story on Ebola in Liberia, forgets to interview Africans, gets 'self-quarantined' in luxury hotel
Ginkgo trees terrorizing residents in Jasper, Tennessee
Woman Sprays Man with Mace During AFI Screening
Rehoming Child to New Home
Sony's Now Working on a Spider-Man-Less Aunt May Movie
911 Calls from Inside Corn Mazes. Officially a Thing.
Nicki Minaj Lyric Video Glorifies Nazism
Businesses cash in as women chase bigger butts
Whole New World? Ku Klux Klan Welcomes Hispanics, African-Americans In Effort To Rebrand Organization
Avatar fans suicidal because planet Pandora is not real
Man on 207-mph bicycle humiliates Ferrari at dragstrip
POSSESSED DEMON CHILD HIDDEN ON MAGIC WAND TOY?!
Ben Roethlisberger: Don't blame Justin Bieber for Steelers loss
Divorce Award Nears $1 Billlion; Shale Pioneer Asks for Family Photos, Shotguns
Big Ben: Don't blame Justin Bieber
Quadruple amputee murder suspect kills self during traffic stop
Guyana president suspends parliament to avoid no confidence vote
Glenn Beck reveals mystery illness and says doctors had to 'reboot' his brain.
John Key says sorry for child abuser joke
Nicki Minaj Video Director Admits Using Nazi-Inspired Imagery
Hellmann's owner sues over rival's use of 'Mayo'
Avatar-Induced Depression: Coping With The Intangibility Of Pandora (VIDEO)
Man Buys 99 iPhone 6s to Propose to Girlfriend, Gets Rejected
One in 10 sausages 'has hepatitis E'
Biking and walking likely to be major issues in spring city elections
WI School Cancels Vet's Day Ceremony. Worried About 21 Gun Salute. - Iowa Firearms Coalition
Palestinian Pop Song Calls on People to Run Over Settlers with Their Cars
Senators Call MSNBC to Learn White House Plans
'Black market' grows for Lewis Rd milk
Woman to marry her anonymous sperm donor after tracking him down and falling in love
Claims of 'fake' chocolate milk doing the rounds
New 'Stupidity Virus' Discovered, Scientists Say
Two Calif. Women Camp-Out In Front Of Best Buy, 22 Days Ahead Of Black Friday
Trouble Swallowing Pills? Try The 'Pop Bottle' or The 'Lean Forward'
Ultimate Frisbee players sent to hospital after eating pot laced brownies.
Qatar Sports Minister Says He Probably Won't Imprison Gay Soccer Fans
Violinist Vanessa-Mae in four-year skiing ban over fiddled races
Bill Cosby Tries To Create Viral Meme, Is Immediately Derailed By Rape Accusations
Student 'performed solo sex act in police cell after stealing ambulance while high on drugs'
Canadian wanted sex with boys after near-death experience, U.S. agent alleges
Former Purdue coach Gene Keady spent $600 a week maintaining extensions for his combover
Benjy the bull facing the slaughterhouse as he is 'gay'
Food giant starts war over meaning of mayo
Boy missing 6 days found in IKEA
Nicki Minaj apologizes for video with 'Nazi' imagery, says best friend is Jewish
The Life of a Pot Critic: Clean, With Citrus Notes
A 'Stupidity' Virus Has Been Discovered
iPhone wedding proposal rejection: The ultimate humiliation
Man attempts to bone coworker by Befriending Her Houseplant.
Victorville Woman Allegedly Used Fake Photos in Hot Coffee Burn Claim Against McDonald's
15 high school students faint at Remembrance Day ceremony
My University's newspaper published this hilariously harsh review of a sparsely attended campus event.
South African court gags ventriloquist's puppet
French Officials Rush to Defuse Unexploded Dead Whale
Man arrested after low-speed chase on icy Bozeman roads
Scientist Creates Diamonds From Peanut Butter
Glenn Beck's dramatic revelation: He's been hiding a mysterious brain illness
The Ku Klux Klan opens its door to Jews, homosexuals and black people in bizarre recruitment drive Read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2828425/The-Ku-Klux-Klan-opens-door-Jews-black-people-homosexuals-new-recruits-wear-white-robes-hats.html
Công ty du lịch Cánh Buồm
One Direction fans left confused by the band wearing poppies: "Why are they wearing red flowers?"
The Ku Klux Klan opens its door to Jews, homosexuals and black people in new recruitment drive
Guy Fieri Surprises New Johnny Garlic's Employee By Immediately Closing His Restaurant
Band releases new EP on an unplayable CD.
Wand toy for toddlers reveals picture of a young girl slitting her wrists with knife
Montana White Supremacist Attempts To Create KKK Chapter That Doesn't Discriminate.
Can a fart be misogynist?
East Texas Bait Shop that Slurred Gay Customers Now the "#1 Gay Hangout in Texas," According to Yelp
Genome Reveals How Cats Evolved to Tolerate Humans
Actress Ellen Barkin: "Fetuses," "Infants" Not People Because They "Cannot Talk"
Discovery Channel urged not to air footage of wildlife filmmaker being eaten alive by an anaconda because it is 'animal cruelty
Man eating only Olive Garden achieves his goal, eats $1840 worth of food
Ku Klux Klan faction offers membership to Jews and other minorities
Bloomberg Tells Youngsters: "Become A Plumber"
Cavs on Kyrie Irving, Kevin Love handshake: 'sharpening mustaches'
A New Website Highlights Kickstarter Projects That Failed to Attract a Single Backer
Cavaliers Say Kevin Love and Kyrie Irving's Handshake Was Mustache Sharpening
Ebola-Fighting Robots From UC Berkeley Could Soon Diagnose Patients
North Georgia woman disqualified for being too fast (in marathon)
Kashmir Congress candidate calls daughter 'liability'
Britain contemplating stopping non violent activist from tweeting without clearing every tweet with the Authorities.
Hole In Florida Swallows Car, Forces Evacuation (xpost /r/offbeat)
Summerville Police arrest student for writing he shot dead dinosaur
Twitter Full Site URL Link for iPhone, iPad or Android
Humane society puts 87 cats to sleep because they might get sick.
Ventriloquist Conrad Koch Fights Gag Order Against His Puppet
Universal Says "I Do" To 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2'
Billionaire Michael Bloomberg's advice: become a plumber
Anti-Military Anthem Played at 'Concert for Valor'
Library Party out of control, shut down by police
90-year-old Florida man arrested for second time in a week after feeding the homeless again
Putin puts shawl on China's First Lady, and censors leap
The mathematician who proved why hipsters all look alike
Kobe Bryant has missed more shots than any player in NBA history
Comcast says it's net neutrality's No. 1 fan
Congress has 11% approval ratings but 96% incumbent reelection rate, meme says
Runaway Boy, 12, Found Six Days Later In IKEA
Two incidents involving suspicious persons on campus reported (updated)
Woman raises $15,000 to extract dead fiance's sperm
Police Rescue Man Believed Trapped in Marshalls Wall for Days
Visitors Stuck Inside World's Largest Corn Maze Calling 911 For Help
Georgia city bans abortions in cases of rape and incest because mayor doesn't want the 'drama'
Brony gets piece of ass at birthday party
Huge Duck Scares Woman
Groom calls off wedding after bride pranks fiance by making herself look much older
Bếp kết hợp điện - từ FASTER FS-2CE
Woman taken to 'wrong' hospital faces bankruptcy
Cannibal nurse plotted to behead teenage girl with axe and eat her for sexual kicks
Because leaf blower: police prevented the "massacre"
Britain First Extremists Plot Pig Burial to Halt Controversial Dudley Mega Mosque
Controversial Texas Restaurant Becoming A 'Highly Rated' Gay Bar
Man buys 99 iPhones to propose; girlfriend says no
Liberal party campaigner resigns after neo-Nazi links revealed
4 years old caught performing oral sex on 3 years old
Nvidia sues Qualcomm, Samsung for infringing on its 'invention of the GPU'
Barack Obama criticised by Chinese for chewing gum during Apec summit
Was the stylish bandit who robbed a country McDonalds in a navy suit and balaclava while wielding a knife dressed up as a video game character?
London Olympics borough is the most physically inactive in England
Russian lawmaker seeks Monster High ban - "all foreign produced toys that could affect the mental health of children"
Hamilton WW2 hero destroyed an enemy plane with a load of bricks
Keira Knightley thinks billionaire Silicon Valley nerds are weirdos
Glenn Beck Suffering From Rare Neurological Illness That 'Made Me Look Crazy'
Survey shows teens want lax marijuana laws
Nashville woman takes marathon title after winner runs too fast
Pregnant Beggar Caught Driving Off in Mercedes-Benz
People shocked Eminem curses in concert
Pregnant Panhandler Caught Driving Off In Mercedes Benz
Man - and fish - rescued from lake
Rep. Charlie Rangel Responds To Use Of Racial Slur: I Thought Cracker Was A 'Term Of Endearment'
Man Points Rifle At Teen Daughter After Game Of Battleship Goes Bad
Michael Brown's parents speak at UN hearing on police torture (x-post /r/MissouriPolitics)
Police: Man pointed rifle at teen in argument over Battleship.
Pregnant woman and her child begging on street corner caught driving away in a Mercedes
Dartmouth Student Asks Rick Perry If He'd Have Anal Sex for Campaign Donations
Mark Sanchez eats a racist cheesesteak after beating the Panthers
Samsung made a rap video about corporate diversity
Waffle house crimes: including that time Kid Rock kicked someones ass in one.
Ohio man jumps from bridge to avoid crash, dies
Man Asks Fellow Moviegoer to Turn Off Cellphone, Gets Maced
'Vacation Breasts' May Be Next Big Thing in Plastic Surgery
Watch Anderson Cooper Get Pranked by His Staff
Elvis Grbac: Not as sexy as initially indicated
France changes rules to allow kitchen toilets
Lebanese consumers learn they are eating shit
Man maced after asking woman to turn off phone at movies
Microsoft Open Sources .Net Framework - Something that has for years only run on expensive Microsoft Platforms
A 73 year old grandmother in Oklahoma was arrested with 4 pounds of marijuana and $275,000+ in cash. Her only response during questioning was "snitches get stitches"
David Tosh criticizes network for copying the content he created without credit.
When is a bank robbery not a robbery? When the teller isn't scared, judge rules
BYU Student Cooking Soap, Not Meth, Attorney Says.
Indiana woman who uses box cutter on 18-year-old's penis cuts deal, avoids jail time
Microsoft open sources .NET, takes it to Linux and OS X
New KKK organization open to people of color, Jews, LGBT
Rep. Charles Rangel: 'White Cracker' a Term of Endearment
Mum who suffers seizures every time she hears Ne-Yo songs has part of brain removed
Mum has part of brain removed to stop seizures - triggered by sound of Ne-Yo's voice
Ku Klux Klan now accepting black people, Jews and gays
Credit card thieves take gas in 'pump and dump' scheme
Grandma banned from calling emergency services after making 1,000 bogus calls
Calgary man admits to killing landlord for making noise
Ghost Yelling in Store Walls Turns Out to Be a Real, Live Man
Brian Cox: My Ketamine Shame
I think the author hates this band.
KKK rebrand: Blacks, Hispanics, gays & Jews now welcomed by Ku Klux Klan
Ku Klux Klan Opens Its Doors To Black People, Jews And Gays
New Zealand woman awarded $40k after arm baked in biscuit oven
A "hard working" tradesman was caught with over €26,000 worth of drugs in his van after he filled the engine with too much diesel and was unable to pay for it.
Plastic surgery so drastic they can't get past airport security! How Chinese women are flying to South Korea for a more 'Western' face
Why Nicki Minaj Made Herself Into a Nazi Superhero.
Gay bull to be slaughtered because be only has eyes for other bulls
Inspector: No sign of investigation in 1,111 New Orleans sex crime-related calls
Massachusetts school deploys 'shooter detection system'
Non-whites can now join the KKK!
Woman has Seizures and Vomits Uncontrollably Every Time she Listens to Ne-Yo
Businesses benefit as american women chase bigger butts
"Mind-controlling" parasite carried by cats may have infected 60 million people
Chinese man proposes to girlfriend with 99 iPhone 6s - she says no
Microsoft Updates Windows to fix software bug present since 1995
UN encourages travel to 'vibrant' Ebola-hit West Africa, ebola coordinator says "I want to encourage everybody to maintain travel, tourism even to places that have Ebola. There is just no reason not to go to Freetown, Monrovia, Conakry."
UN encourages travel to 'vibrant' Ebola-hit West Africa. Coordinator says "I want to encourage everybody to maintain travel, tourism even to places that have Ebola. There is just no reason not to go to Freetown, Monrovia, Conakry"
Holy Shit We Landed on a Fucking Comet Jesus Christ
American Researchers Discover 'Stupidity Virus'
PETA to launch Minecraft server free of animal exploitation
BYU student accused of having meth lab claims it was soap
A plane carrying 140 people from Surat to New Delhi hit a cow on the runway last week. Nobody was injured.
Florida Teen Charged with Masturbating With Stuffed Pony in Wal-Mart Aisle
Japan's smartphone 'zombies' wreak havoc on the streets
R.L. Stine: "I love killing teenagers"
Woman Removes Part of Brain in Attempt to Cure Seizures Induced by Ne-Yo
Jewish Rapper Kosha Dillz Got Hacked by ISIS
GPS set to "Walking Directions" sends semi over walking bridge, Driver in hospital
Bill de Blasio Late to Memorial Service Because His Boat Got Lost in the Fog
Suspicious Person Reported on College Campus Turns Out to Just Be 'Socially Awkward' Guy
Clown hunted by police after vicious assault on three men at memorial for murdered mum
China Tries to Save Earth; Republicans Furious
Man Emerges From Two Years of North Korean Imprisonment With Craving for Papa John's
Man found dead in Memphis may be 'armed and dangerous' quadruple amputee wanted in Fla.
FBI's most wanted cybercriminal used his cat's name as a password
UN encourages travel to 'vibrant and alive' Ebola-hit West Africa, as death toll tops 5,000
Officer Gets Drunk and Crashes Into Another Motorist - Cops Don't Arrest Him, Give Him Ride to McDonalds
Pennsylvania coroner auctioning off guns used in suicides
Microsoft fixes '19-year-old' bug with emergency patch
John Doar, Federal Lawyer on Front Lines Against Desegregation, Dies at 92
United Nations asks United States to clarify its position on torture
Hackers hijack Google Palestine site with anti-Israel message
Hampstead Shoppers Slam Tesco After Organic Porridge Oats Disappear From Store.
Discovery Channel discovers that people don't want to see a man eaten by a snake
Kim Kardashian's Butt Is an Empty Promise
Britain's 'most jealous woman' marries fiance she forced into lie detector test every time he came home
Lie Do! Jealous woman who forced her fiancé to take a lie detector test every time he came home.
Bad Press, Harry Potter Contributing to SeaWorld's Epic Bellyflop
Kim is what makes the web tick.
The Worst Day to Drive in LA is Either Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday.
Florida man killed by wedding ring
Kirk Cameron raising concerns after coming out in support of Santa Claus.
A KKK Member Is Starting a Racially-Inclusive Klan Chapter in Montana | VICE News
Real-Life 'Unicorn' Found; Deer Has Extremely Rare Deformity
Who's That Lebanese Man With A Beard: Hipster Or Jihadi?
To cure seizures triggered by Ne-Yo's music, woman has part of brain removed, but procedure is in vain.
Police try to track down 'suited bandit' in McDonalds robbery case
President Obama angers the whole of China by chewing gum
GYM TEACHER CHARGED WITH CHOPPING OFF EX-GIRLFRIEND'S HAIR SENTENCED TO 6 MONTHS OF HEAD SHAVING
Despite critics, Obama keeps chewing gum in China Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2014/11/obama-china-visit-gum-chewing-112811.html#ixzz3IuBrQdtR
Despite critics, Obama keeps chewing gum in China
WOMAN WHO SUFFERS SEIZURES EVERY TIME SHE HEARS A NE-YO SONG HAS HAD PART OF HER BRAIN REMOVED
'Drug-pusher' priest to face fast-track trial
More safety features in cars will mean less road safety, says Maruti Suzuki chief RC Bhargava
'Duck Dynasty' Las Vegas Musical in the Works
Porn websites to be blocked in India: Government
Proposal could enshrine "license to discriminate" in Texas Constitution
Busting a Barrier, Preserving the Seams: Clothing Start-Ups Design Jeans for Muscular Athletes
America Watches In Stunned Disbelief As Afghanistan Jails Two Failed Bank Executives
A German Cloud Company Is Offering Free Heat If You Have Room for Some of Its Servers
Microsoft Open Sources .NET
The KKK has now opened its doors to Jews, Blacks, and Latinos
Smart hat could be the answer to cyclist registration, councillor says
Holy Shit We Landed a Spacecraft on a Comet
PETA opens headquarters in Minecraft, creates animal utopia
Afghan Opium Cultivation Rises to Record Levels
Al Roker Attempts to Break World Record for Longest Live Weather Report During Rokerthon
Man buys 99 iPhones to propose to girlfriend, she says no
Alabama to use Bear Bryant hologram as ESPN College Gameday guest picker
The voice of Ne-Yo makes a lady have seizures so she has a part of her brain removed
Army employee steals military gear, trades it for weed
Snapchat's 24-year-old CEO finally moved out of his dad's house
Mother whose seizures are triggered by pop-star Ne-Yo's voice has part of her brain removed to try and cure the problem
Usher's new song is available exclusively in... boxes of Honey Nut Cheerios from Walmart
Australian state politicians accused of using the Chewbacca Defense
Norway: Anti-Racism Activists Boycott Holocaust Ceremony as 'Jews were Invited'
How Alibaba is using bra sizes to predict online shopping habits
43 Dartmouth Students Suspected Of Cheating In Ethics Class Designed For Athletes
Dozens of students linked to cheating in religion class
Son used father's dismembered body parts 'as TV stand'
Police Join Hunt for Moscow's Mystery Stench
Vancouver police mistakenly shoot 911 caller during manhunt
Quadruple Amputee Murder Suspect Ends Life in Memphis
BNP tweets Remembrance Day silence reminder a day late
British National Party tweets Remembrance Day reminder a day late
'Extreme Cheapskates': Woman collects dead people's clothes
Jehovah's Witnesses boss: Don't wear tight trousers, they're designed by homosexuals
'I Want To Wage Jihad But I Don't Have A Thing To Wear' -- Western IS Wannabes Ask Burning Questions
Wonderkid Martin Ødegaard to be added to Football Manager 2015 after father gives permission
Boxed turkeys spilled on highway will be donated
Florida man records male nurse fondling him sues hospital
Pictures of genitalia replaced by ducklings and dolphins in Turkish schoolbooks
An alleged jihadist shot in the USA. It was only a hipster.
World's tallest man strikes up unlikely friendship with smallest man - despite 7 FOOT height difference
Man Sues Hospital After Doctor Accidentally Performs Sex Change Instead of Liposuction
Could anyone find me a laptop with these system requirements?
Qatar cleared but England criticised
Police: Woman said she fatally stabbed boyfriend because he 'put a curse on her'
Artist Sven Sachsalber looks for needle in haystack
Dorset man cut up father and used boxed-up body parts as TV stand
The State Department Has Launched Their Own Version of 'Upworthy'
Scientists have discovered the exact dance movements that catch a woman's eye
'Wheel of Fortune' host Pat Sajak has had it with your horseplay
Boffins PROBE DEEP into darkness of URANUS, delve beneath spotty surface
The Mystery of the Hellraiser 'Monument' on the Number 21 Bus Route
350-Pound Woman: I'm Obese Because I Don't Get Enough Taxpayer Money
White supremacists effort to rebrand KKK as more inclusive group prompts skepticism.
Kirk Cameron Says Pagans Stole Christmas From Christians
Woman wearing 'I Love Crystal Meth' shirt busted for crystal meth
A KKK Member Is Starting a Racially-Inclusive Klan Chapter in Montana
Florida man caught on camera shoving chainsaw down his shorts (VIDEO)
Hipsters in Beirut have a problem. Their long beards are getting them mistaken for Islamist extremists.
Tiger on the loose near Disneyland
Arkansas Gov. pardoning his own son on drug charges
Mum who suffers from seizures everytime she hears Ne-Yo sing has brain surgery
Mum has brain surgery to cure seizures caused by the sound of pop star Ne-Yo's voice
More than 60,000 have applied to be Waka Flocka Flame's Blunt Roller
Sheriff pays ransom to unlock files on department server.
Porpoise found dead in alleyway after having 'too much sex'
Waka Flocka Flame Sifts Through 60,000 Resumés to Hire a Blunt Roller
Waka Flocka Flame received 60,000 applications to be his blunt roller
Kim Kardashian doesn't realize she's the butt of an old racial joke
Russian army units in eastern Ukraine are but horror tales explains the Russia's Foreign Ministry
World Cup inquiry clears Qatar but criticises English FA
Report card: School named for Barack Obama 'fails to meet expectations'
Astronomers thrilled by extreme storms on Uranus
Colorado man gets stuck in Marshalls department store wall for 3 days
People too dumb to escape corn mazes are calling 911
Pregnant schoolgirl mannequins shock shoppers
MSU prof takes a serious look at Brad Pitt
I don't care if you landed a spacecraft on a comet, your shirt is sexist and ostracizing
Guardians of the Galaxy ending changed for being 'too sad'
By Popular Demand, Ted Cruz Releases Coloring Book For Children Called 'Ted Cruz Saves America'
Massive Storms Ripping Through Uranus' Atmosphere Leave Scientists Puzzled
Bono 'lucky to be alive' after door of his private jet falls off mid-flight
The Bible Voted More Valuable To Society Than Darwin's Origin Of Species
World's largest corn maze is so big that some call 911 to get out
Web pirate who stole up to £240m of music is jailed
The Bible voted more valuable to humanity than Darwin's Origin of Species
Keanu Reeves' motorcycle company debut
Food bank benefits from overturned turkey truck
Hiring in U.S. Picks Up as Workers Gain Confidence to Quit Jobs
Pepsi is currently developing a Doritos-flavored version Mountain Dew
There's Going to Be a Duck Dynasty Musical
Beirut Cops Can't Tell Hipsters From Jihadis
3 in Flight Simulator Killed by Actual Plane Crash
I Thought Becoming Jack Kerouac Would Cure My Depression
Ebola on a Budget: How to Save on a Hazmat Suit
Duggar Sex Scandal! Did Jessa & Ben 'Consummate' Marriage In Church Room After Ceremony?
Al Roker attempts weather forecasting record with 'Rokerthon'
Retailers forced to block English-only websites in Quebec - or face sanctions from language police
Hezbollah minister blames foreign 'intervention' for Syrian suffering
British woman has surgery to reduce seizures caused by Ne-Yo's music
Arkansas governor to pardon own son
Paris Hilton Voted Female DJ of the Year
"Battleship" board game gets real, dad points gun at daughter
Paris Hilton named 'Female DJ of the Year' by NRJ DJ Awards
Feds spent $3 million on lesbian obesity study
SUV Drives Into Closing Sears Store, Injures No One
Hungry women destroy McDonald's after being late for breakfast menu (VIDEO)
In conclusion, FIFA says, FIFA Has Again Done Nothing Wrong
Why Do stars Like Chris Rock and Bill Cosby Go Out of Their Way to Stigmatize the Less Fortunate?
Good news: more people are quitting their jobs
Al Roker brings new meaning to live stream during #Rokerthon bathroom break
GOP Senator Invents a Completely New Form of Climate Change Denial
Lack of access to health insurance keeps U.S. premature birth rate near Somalia's
Woman contracts HIV through shared manicure equipment
Ted Cruz saves America in This Right-Wing Coloring Book
Used Car Salesman Defeats West Virginia Senator
Whydotas Lithuanian youtuber sued for his song "Satan Please" on grounds of encouraging child abuse. His video has also been removed.
Teachers storm HQ, kidnap police chief
Lebanese hipsters confused with jihadists due to mutual love of beards
Whydotas Lithuanian youtuber sued for his song "Satan Please" on grounds of encouraging child abuse.
Authorities In France Contemplate Dynamiting A Dead Whale Over Fears It Could Explode
Notorious Kansas City unpaid parking ticket scofflaw buys a school bus to avoid getting towed
Shanghai hideout: 12yo Chinese boy spends 6 days in IKEA after homework dispute
"Drunk Girl" Video Is Latest Viral Hoax
Police Search for Tiger on the Loose Outside Paris
Illegals File Suit Against DHS to Stop Deportations
Despite landing fumble, comet probe working well
Postal worker rescues 15 live baby chicks from the mail after man 'pranks' ex-girlfriend
Breaking bad visits BYU in utah!
Chinese boy, 12, found living in IKEA store 6 days after running away from home
Reddit CEO Resigns Because Of A Disagreement About A New Office
Sheriff's department files held for ransom by malware
This bra lights up when you touch your 'sista', which is weird
An supposed jihadist shot in Texas. It was only a hipster.
Diplo wants to buy Taylor Swift a new butt
Breaking Bad is at my university in Utah, at BYU!
Master Hacker's Downfall: Password Was Cat's Name
D.C. Woman Spends $35K on Search for Lost Dog
School District eliminates grades under 50% so kids won't feel bad
PLOT TWIST: Utah's BYU student meth lab is actually a soap making lab?
Fiancée of Texas Ebola victim lands book deal
Judge rules that b victims can't seize Iran's domain name as compensation
KKK Missouri Chapter Threatens Ferguson Protesters with 'Lethal Force'
Ugandan 'revenge porn' victim Desire could be arrested.
Ex-wife of U.S. oil baron to appeal $1 billion divorce award
Reddit horror story sends Arizona town into panic
FIFA Clears Itself Of Corruption With Own Ethics Committee
Meth lab or soap-making lab? BYU student surrenders to police
Tiger on the loose is Paris suburbs; people told to stay inside
'Killer robots' need to be strictly monitored, nations warn at UN meeting
JP Morgan Chase cost US taxpayers millions, had them pay for settlement
Police: Chain saw stuffed into Florida thief's pants
Taking photos of Eiffel Tower at night is illegal
Owner pays up on €10K dog rescue bill
Australians bury heads in sand to mock government climate stance
University of Regina prof investigated for allegedly plagiarizing student's work
Gloucester woman dials 999 because neighbours cat was giving her strange looks.
Red Bull drinks 'fuelling Syrian Islamists'
Brothels in Brisbane, Australia prepare for a busy time when world leaders arrive.
Ohio Mom Finds Disturbing Toy at Dollar Store
Deport Depot: Sheriff to stop holding aliens
'Paris tiger': Big cat loose near French capital
'Bootie' problem at CMS? Mom says offensive question went too far
Bill Cosby raped me. Why did it take 30 years for people to believe my story?
People Call 911 from getting lost in Worlds Largest Corn Maze
Watch Armored Car CEO Shot At By AK-47 Whilst In His Company's SUV
Thieves kidnap Ronald McDonald, then order meal
How I Stopped Cosmonauts From Carrying Guns
The Scientists' Call ... To Ban Autonomous Lethal Robots
Confused corn maze visitors end up calling 911 to get them out
Review finds Secret Service Sucks More than We Thought
Muslims Get Maryland School To Ban Christmas, Because It Offended Them
'Inclusive' Ku Klux Klan Chapter Now Accepting Jews
AHL's Milwaukee Admirals exec to undergo live prostate exam at game
Greedy ex wife says 1 billion isn't enough
NEWS G20 Brisbane 2014: Brothels expect to do roaring trade
Portland Oregon - Area yarn stores shut, adjust hours due to weather.
Watch #Rokerthon live: Al attempts World Record for longest weather report
Politicians call for women's quota for pedestrian traffic lights
Animal rights group launches bid to save Benjy the gay bull from slaughter
Giant storms on gassy Uranus have astronomers scratching their heads
Three-hour armed standoff ends in Windsor when police realize there's nobody home
'Lumbersexual' trend thrusts rugged hipsters into men's fashion spotlight
MSN shows Google search secrets
Poor Contact Lens Care Leads To A Whole Lot Of Eye Infections
Father drove three times without noticing his toddler son dead in back seat.
'Gay friendly,' 'non-racist' Ku Klux Klan branch opens in Montana
Epileptic woman calls 9-1-1 for help, beaten when seizures mistaken for 'resisting arrest'
400 People Bury Their Heads in the Sand to Protest Australian Prime Minister's Stance on Climate Change
ISIS announces new currency
Domino's founder wants to turn Florida town into religious hotspot
Vatican Astronomer Wins Top Science Prize
Scientists excited by strong winds on Uranus
Pope's astronomer wins Carl Sagan medal
The Patriots just screwed up royally after getting their one millionth follower
Maybe you shouldn't thank this specific follower, Patriots?
Russia's bizarre obsession with psychics and the occult
New England Patriots twitter thank you includes n-word
Memphis man with 25 children may have fathered more
Sudden monster storm on Uranus leaves scientists speechless
Aaron Rodgers Says He Strained His Back Standing Around During Bears Blowout
FBI REPORT: NO DEATHS AT SANDY HOOK: WAS EXERCISE, MISREPORTED, CREATED CRISIS
A Philae Researcher Wore An Unbelievably Sexist Shirt On A Livefeed and Women in STEM Are Pissed
UN encourages travel to 'vibrant' Ebola-hit West Africa.
Millionaire Segway tycoon dies in cliff plunge on one of his own scooters
Korean Officials Under Fire After Mentioning a Tax on Being Single
Legal loopholes allow adopted children to be given away online
Jupiter's Great Red Spot is likely a sunburn, not a blush
G20 Brisbane 2014: Brothels expect to do roaring trade
Hurray! Americans Are Quitting Their Jobs
Astronomers watching extreme storms on Uranus
Anti-Racism Activists Boycott Holocaust Ceremony as 'Jews were Invited'
White House break-in resembles 'Three Stooges' episode in official report
Spider photobombs TV news program
Michele Lucas Believes Her 4-Year-Old Son Is A Reincarnated Marine
Chinese man buys 99 iPhone 6s to propose to girlfriend on Single's Day - only to be rejected
G20: Australians bury heads in sand to mock government climate stance
Scared Mother: "Is there a ghost inside my child?"
Man goes to vote and told he's listed dead
Peculiar bubbles investigated in G20 Brisbane zone
Parliament in a brawl as police remove EFF MP
U2's Bono Recounts Mid-Air Learjet Mishap, Worries About Cows
Last year, Russia's Putin gifted President Obama some tea cups and a DVD
New tapir? Scientists dispute biological discovery of the century
Window Washers Defy Death But Can Start Off Making Just $12 Per Hour
'Anti-Racist' Group Moves to Exclude Jews from Kristallnacht Commemoration
Reptiles, whips banned as Brisbane preps for G 20
Russia says fleet of warships is off Australia for climate research.
Polish woman wakes in morgue after being declared dead
Do the Most Hipster Thing Possible-Move to Des Moines
Chicago Personal Injury Compensation from Birth Injury Malpractice
New England Patriots apologise after posting tweet with racial slur on the back of a shirt to celebrate 1 million Twitter followers
Kevin McCloud wrote a Grand Designs episode 'deliberately' targeted at fans' drinking game
Reported tiger still on the loose near Disneyland Paris
Reddit CEO resigns after disagreeing with board about moving the office from SF to Daly City.
Naked subway rider bares all: 'It turns me on'
NeYo's music causes seizures for 26 year old from England
Another Hot Teacher Boinks Another Lucky Bastard Student
Father says plans to restrict Islamic extremists from returning home are "irrational"
Islamic State accuses Shia militia of using Iraqi armour.
School replaces 'hall of heroes' murals honoring Mother Teresa, others with Oprah, J.K. Rowling
Jose Canseco explains how Comets will save humanity
Connecticut man accused of 'mopping aggressively'
Pregnant Teen Mannequins at the Mall Are Sending a Mixed Message
Caught on camera: Man stuffs chainsaw down pants
Cake Boss allegedly told arresting officers, "You can't arrest me. I'm the cake boss."
Saskatoon drivers feeling the squeeze when it comes to parking
Microsoft Just Patched a 19-Year-Old Windows Security Flaw
Breaking news: Fifa say Hell will host 2026 World Cup
Feds Spent $10 Million on a Video Game About Escaping a Fat Town
Clues Revealed About Hidden Interior of Uranus
Anti-LGBT Pastor Warns of 'Sodomite' Semen in Starbucks Lattes
Ex-wife of US oil baron to appeal $1 billion divorce award
Apple sells dinosaur bone infused ipads with thigh bone shaving of T-Rex for $8 million
White People Think Black People Are Magical
VA informs veteran that he's dead
Stanford Scientists Uncover the Secret Source of High School Cliques
Watch Obama Make the Case Against Executive Amnesty
Officers surprised bushes didn't stop White House intruder
Buddy Valastro To Cops: "You Can't Arrest Me! I'm The Cake Boss!"
Delaware Daycare Staff Charged With Running Toddler Fight Club
New England Patriots Accidentally Tweet Racial Slur
Putin Asks Russians to Feel His Pain over Lack of Respect
Sun Revolves Around Earth According to One in Four Americans
Caught in bed with an underage girl... so this man 'pulled up the blanket and tried to hide' - Wales Online
Mom and daughter give birth on the same day at Lee Memorial
Luis Suarez: "Biting people might be scary, but it's relatively harmless.
ew England Patriots Twitter Thank You Includes N-Word
Man pulls over to text safely, gets carjacked
Student arrested for sexually assaulting sheep.
Law enforcement in New Mexico are looking for a man who is missing his penis
British Police Call On Nation To 'Save a Life, Surrender Your Knife' As 'Knife Violence' Continues
French Dude Quit Jihad Because He Wanted a Smoke
Jennifer Lawrence to Colbert: 'I've Eaten Squirrel Chili'
Pope Francis: Heaven 'a Party!'
Uranus Is Unexpectedly Turbulent Right Now
Fresno State Student Arrested For Having Sex With Sheep
Paris Hilton wins 'Best Female DJ' award
Malcolm Gladwell: 'Football Is a Moral Abomination'
In Brazil, Some Want Military Dictatorship Back
Rosetta scientist, Dr Matt Taylor breaks down during apology for 'offensive' shirt
"The Immortal" From American Dream Labs | Glenn Beck
Kiss Will Appear in 'Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2'
Finally, Science Explains Why No One Can Lift Thor's Hammer
France police downgrade tiger hunt to cat chase
Ex Nba player Robert Swift Allegedly Caught With Grenade Launcher At Heroin Dealer's House
Scientist apologizes for his sexist shirt, but the Internet still wants women to shut up and die
Yemeni man disciplines disobedient sons with grenades
Bizarre Frozen-inspired bra changes colour when you touch your 'sister'
Pope Francis selects Patti Smith to perform at the Vatican Christmas Concert
Polish woman declared dead wakes up in mortuary
Lawyer Wearing Only Diaper When Arrested in Home Invasion
The Unfinished Suburbs of America
Local authority chief executives 'more capable than anyone imagined'
Lorde Clarifies That She Has No Problem With Kim Kardashian's Ass
Father charged in infant's death, blames 2-year-old daughter for injuries
Man fatally shot along safe passage route
Woman gets $1 BILLION award in divorce, says it's not enough and appeals the ruling.
TSA Agents Find Cocaine Hidden In Raw Meat At San Jose International Airport
Window Washing Skills Beyond a Robot's Reach
Republicans Demand Return of "passive and unassertive Obama to which we have grown accustomed"
Dacoits in Ghotki accuse police of extorting money
Dacoits stage protest in Ghotki, accuse police of taking extortion
Scientists think Uranus might be full of surprises
Some guy in Paris is spending 2 days looking for a needle in a haystack
Justin Trudeau does increasingly complex stunts with people's children
Two incidents involving suspicious person attributed to "socially awkward" individual
North Korea slams U.S. for overstating Pyongyang's missile capacity
FHRITP: CBC Montreal journalists speak out about vulgar 'joke'
McDonald's Created Broccoli That Tastes Like Bubble Gum
Why McDonald's created bubble gum-flavored broccoli
Uranus might be full of surprises
Study: White People Think Black People Are Magical Unicorns
Comet scientist's apology for shirt
Alfonso Ribeiro injures his groin doing "the Carlton dance," then injures his back during dance training because he's overcompensating for his groin injury
Carr:Simmons flunks this assignment
Jose Canseco Says Human Beings Will Rule the Galaxy by Traveling Via Comet
Quebec cops' new uniform is straight from the Wild West as conflict with province over Bill 3 reaches high noon
Women destroy McDonalds after being told they missed breakfast.
College kids easily lured into stranger's van
School considers ban on religious materials due to satanist coloring books
When these 10 things happen, you're in love.
Man riding lawnmower falls into pond, drowns
Orange moves to change policy to keep Satanist coloring book out of schools
'Big Bootie' Test Pulled from North Carolina School
Police Seeking Vandals Shooting Ornamental Corn At Cars
An American Teenager Is Facing Jail For Wanking Into A Stuffed Horse
Stockton mayor floats an idea: Bring in manatees
Declared dead, 91-year-old woman wakes up 11 hours later in funeral home
Holidays' names stricken from next year's Montgomery schools calendar
Tobacco Ban Hearing Cut Short By Rowdy Crowd
Paedophiles Have Created A Deep Web Version Of Kickstarter To Crowdfund Child Porn
Man offering "natural insemination" services to women who want children.
Gay Male Bears Like Blow Jobs Too
Male burglar caught on camera wearing woman's KNICKERS and admiring himself
Gay bull who failed to get it on with herd of cows in Mayo is saved from slaughter by animal rights campaigners
University fitness center bans sleeveless shirts because they're "intimidating"
Pope Francis Gets Patti Smith Singing For Cardinals at Vatican Christmas Concert
Live prostate exam during AHL game will raise awareness for men's health
Polygraph.com owner indicted for training customers to beat the polygraph
Governor Scott Walker looking for military-oriented Christmas ornaments to decorate tree
Five-year-old passes Microsoft exam
Government to punish fake soldier by treating him like a real veteran
Three Products That Failed Even Before They Launched.-Colgate Kitchen Entrees,Pond's Toothpaste and Frito-Lay Lemonade.
Parents furious after unannounced shooter drill at Polk middle school
Attorney facing felony fraud charges is supported by wife wearing Batman mask to courthouse
Man burns penis having sex with lasagne
New Orleans Saints Jimmy Graham done jumping into stands after being groped by The Joker
Hungry women trash McDonald's after being late for breakfast menu (VIDEO)
Buddy Valastro allegedly says to cops: 'You can't arrest me! I'm the Cake Boss!'
SPD officer protects crowd from pair of horny eagles
Ducklings, dolphins replace genitals in Turkish biology textbook
MP's question about cost of answering MP questions cost $6,500, Ottawa says
Woman squirts breast milk at staff. Steals cash.
Test referring to 'big bootie' pulled from school
There's a lot more happening in Uranus than you think
Limbaugh Hits CNN for Cosby Rape Coverage: 'It's Not Like He Did It Yesterday'
Cannabis grower Joseph Collins spared jail to study horticulture.
According to Christian Woman, Satan Has a New Marketing Campaign: Energy Drinks
Russia plans alternative version of 'Wikipedia'
Meet the Men Having Sex With Strangers to Help Them Have Babies
K-pop group under fire for Nazi-like uniforms
Fighting off seasonal affective disorder
Russian Scientists Explore Mysterious Siberian Hole
Me If I ever decide to become a thief
Homeopaths sent to deadly Ebola hotspot to treat victims with ARSENIC and SNAKE VENOM.
Paper delivery driver ambushed in cemetery
Journalist Beaten by Policemen while Investigating Police Abuse in Bucharest
Justin Beiber's best friend, "Lil Twist" wanted for beating up and pulling down the pants of Cory Baxter from That's So Raven [x-post /r/hiphopheads]
Jose Canseco says his injured finger fell off while playing poker
Mall threatens to fine stores $200 an hour for being closed on Thanksgiving
Astronomer discovers something strange inside Uranus
Men offering "Natural Insemination" services to women who want children
The 'self-drenching' craze in the deaf community
In defence of New York, those artists did a really good job painting her.
Evil in Oklahoma: Exorcisms on the rise
Jose Canseco's reattached finger falls off during poker tournament
Khampepe: Zim's 2002 elections not free and fair
Ewe: Fresno State student arrested in sheep sexual assault
Jose Canseco says his re-attached finger fell off while playing poker
Men's rights activist: Civilization fails when women and their vaginas are allowed in the workplace
Strippers win $10.9 million judgment for unpaid wages from New York club
Fuel cost leads to donkey boom
I Shat Myself In A Lexus Press Car
Cop Who Obtained Warrant To Take Photo Of Teen's Erect Penis For Sexting Case Sues Teen's Lawyer For Defamation
On Fox News, Limbaugh lawyer says, 'You can't maliciously attack people'
Food ban at ATP tennis tour finals over 'terror fears'
Man Hit With $1,200 Internet Bill For 'Viewing Emails' On Singapore Airlines Flight
Man Hit With $1,2000 Internet Bill For 'Viewing Emails' On Singapore Airlines Flight
Personalize www.SI.com and Subscribe to 6 Sports Teams
LeBron channeling inner Gronk
This Tinder-esque Dating App Allows Users to Swipe Right Based on a Potential Match's LinkedIn Bio
Use Vladimir Putin's sperm to create a state-raised master race of mini-Putins, proposes Russian legislator and author of anti-gay law.
Stripper Fingered In Club Assault With Stiletto
10 Popular English sitcoms with girls
Man stabs machete-wielding nephew in pork chop argument
Man Who Caught Fire Atop Train In Greenwich Was Not 'Surfing,' MTA Says
Kevin McCloud wrote Grand Designs episode based on fans' drinking game
Russia To Create Its Own Wikipedia Because Current One Isn't 'Reliable' Enough
Head of Crimestoppers arrested by actual Crime Stoppers
Jose Canseco's finger fell off during a poker tournament
Ontario court rules Aboriginal s. 35 right to "traditional medicine" means Hospital cannot provide chemotherapy to girl with cancer.
'Grand Theft Auto' gang sows terror in Moscow
Homesick jihadists are debating whether to return to their comfortable lives in the West
After Satanists Plan to Give Away Coloring Books, School Board Considers Banning Religious Distributions Altogether
Russia plans 'alternative Wikipedia'
Amateurs and professionals alike thrilled by extremes on Uranus
Turkish president Erdoğan says America was discovered by Muslims, not Columbus
3 on trial for running 'Sweeney Todd' cannibal bakery
NASA engineer apologizes for wearing tacky shirt during interview.
MP's query on cost of MPs' queries cost $6,500
Student sexually assaults sheep in Fresno
Kremlin-Run Wikipedia to Tell Truth About How Great Russia Is
World's Youngest Mother, Age 5 Lina Medina
Comet lander scientist apologises for wearing a tacky shirt
Man wanted for jewelry store robbery accidentally shoots and kills himself after thinking the FedEx worker ringing the doorbell was the cops.
Cannibals sold PIES made out of victims!
Polish doctor 'in deep shock' after woman (91) wakes up in morgue
0-10 Texas High School Football Team Qualifies for State Playoffs
XXXX beer lover Obama prefers Bondi beach over G20 conference rooms!
Question about the probability of having a big bootie causes controversy in North Carolina school
Sexuality of anyone "how is it society's concern?"
Nebraska fan hurt after hurdling Wisconsin taxi
Comet landing beats Kim Kardashian on the Internet
Man wanted for jewelry store robbery accidentally shoots and kills himself after thinking the FedEx worker ringing the doorbell was the police.
Overly affectionate couple arrested at Salisbury strip club
L.A. school district claimed girl,14 , consented to sex with teacher
ISIS Jihadists Now Blaming Anti-Depressants for Killing SpreAmerican Company Now Sells 'ISIS Hunting Kits' For The 'Patriots' With No Military Experience!
American Company Now Sells 'ISIS Hunting Kits' For The 'Patriots' With No Military Experience!
KKK Threatens 'Lethal Force' Against Ferguson Protesters
Barack Obama Slammed As An 'Idle Rapper' By Angry Chinese Public
Erdogan says America was discovered by Muslims, not Columbus
Jose Canseco claims 'my finger fell off' during poker tournament
Muslims discovered Americas in 1178, says Erdogan, Turkish Pres.
6 Things We Love To Do When Social Media Is Down.
'Obama's insurance policy': DC chuckles after GOP congressman rules out impeaching Obama because - 'Have you met Joe Biden?'
PETA Creates Headquarters/Animal Utopia in Minecraft
Erdogan says Muslims, not Columbus, discovered Americas
Mega Terminates Kim Dotcom's Account For Repeat Infringements
Jose Canseco says his finger fell off while playing poker, posts picture
Sheep sexually assaulted by student
Child Beauty Pageant I feel sorry for these kids.
Family recalls mother's agonizing death after eating raw cookie dough
Another Widening Gap: The Haves vs. the Have-Mores
Ask NYTimes: How many eggs should I eat?
This guy hired a contract killer to murder his whole family, then changed his mind and killed the hitman instead.
Woman sues owners of dog killed by her pit bulls
Voter turned away after he is told he is dead
Woman Sues Owners of Dog Killed by Her Pitbulls
Frozen goods spark parental pandemonium at Poundworld
Man on fire walks into Phoenix Taco Bell, asks for water
OK Gov. Drives Tank Over Foreign Car for Gun Store/Bar's Grand Opening
US: Governor of Michigan voids 300 same-sex marriages, claims they 'never existed'
Turkey's President, Recep Erdogan, Claims Muslims Discovered America, Not Columbus
Gays Cause 4.8 Magnitude Earthquake in Kansas
Man Who Played Cory Baxter(Of Cory In The House Fame) Reportedly Has House Broken Into
Jose Canseco Says His "Smelly" Finger Fell Off During A Poker Tournament
Rape victim mortified at being billed for forensic exam
You Can Now Order a Knockoff Soylent Called "Schmoylent"
Temporary 'vacation breasts' may be here by 2016
World's Worst Deadbeat Dad Now Has 26 Kids
The cash machine with a free cobra.
Nebraska fan hurts face after trying to hurdle moving Wisconsin taxi
Florida men settle ding-dong election with ping-pong selection
Mitch McConnell Assumes President Obama Actually Wants to Have a Drink with Him
The Best Corn Maze EVER Has Lost People Calling 911
Black Friday frenzy: Beaumont friends camp out 3 weeks early.
Clashes at Dutch Black Pete protest in Gouda
San Marino hold Estonia to end 61-match losing streak
These men were given boobs for a day to experience life as a woman
Former NFL player diagnosed with ALS wonders if football is to blame
Kirk Cameron Urges Women to Save Christmas by Cooking, Decorating the House, and Singing
Man Heartily Sings A Beatles Song To His Dying Newborn Baby
Jesus gets arrested in LOVE Park.
Rosetta physicist's 'sexist' shirt
What I've Learned From Debating Young Conservatives
Slamming door brings big police response to Waterloo neighbourhood
More than 800 roadkill salvage permits issued in first year
UFC fighter Humberto Brown poops himself during fight, gets choked out
Erdogan says Muslims discovered Americas
Malaysia state government considering guillotine for Islamic law
Klan members unmasked by hacker group Anonymous
Fake survey by newsflicks.com
So this guy was running for the mayor of Vancouver in today's vote. Beat THAT Rob Ford!
School District: Student Is Partly to Blame for Sex with Teacher
Jimmy Graham done jumping in stands after The Joker grabs his butt
Naked man crawls through doggie door in police chase
Fleeing suspect loses underwear, finds pants
Surprising Structures Discovered at the Bottom of Uranus
Michelle Trachtenberg Highest-Paid Actress In The World
Family get so lost in world's largest maze that they call the police
Family Called 911 after getting lost in the world's largest maze
Fans were not allowed to eat or drink at this tennis event!
Time Magazine Apologizes For Including 'Feminist' In 2015 Word Banishment Poll
Espn)) Sri Lanka.vs.India .5th .ODI ..Live ..Streaming..online..tv..16th. Nov..2014
Fearless Baby Elephant Was Attacked By 14 Lions, So They Started Recording... WATCH How He Survived!! - Viral66
Gov't website: workplace sexual harassment a problem of "oversensitive women"
This can put an end WhatsApp- A hacker finds out how to hack WhatsApp messenger on device level
This can put an end to WhatsApp- A hacker finds out how to hack WhatsApp messenger on device level
Putin walks out of G20 summit 'to sleep'
Greece claims ownership of Twelve Apostles in tourism promotion
Anthropology of the Machiavelli Bro
Saudi wife divorced for ignoring husband's Whatsapp messages
Muslims found Americas before Columbus says Turkey's Erdogan
Student who 'had sex with sheep' was 'stressed about exams'
Vladimir Putin claims he is leaving G20 early because he needs more sleep
Before Columbus: Erdogan says Muslims 'discovered America,' eyes mosque in Cuba
Exorcisms on the rise: Occult activity sparks 'pastoral emergency'
KKK Branch Opening its Doors to Black People and Gay People
Steve Jobs Refused to Wear His Oxygen Mask Because of Its Poor Design
Students could be disciplined for firing confetti gun on school bus
9 Jaw-Dropping Moments From The First "Avengers: Age of Ultron" Trailer
WhatsApp evidence used to divorce nearly half of Italian adulterers
Man dressed as Santa robs Australian post office
Barack Obama's Secret Service wanted roundabout demolished for G20 motorcade
Employees in Singapore are 'Under Happy': Workplace happiness survey
Jesus arrested for walking on water in Philadelphia
Pope Francis Invites Patti Smith, The "Godmother of Punk", to Perform at Vatican for Christmas - See more at: http://www.epictimes.com/2014/11/pope-francis-invites-patti-smith-godmother-of-punk-to-perform-at-vatican-for-christmas/#sthash.RVJNxIDs.dpuf
Vladimir Putin leaves G20 summit citing a need to catch up on sleep
Man blows himself up after family feud in Germany
Widow takes dead husband's ashes into mobile phone shop after firm refuses to cancel contract
Jose Canseco's Finger Has Fallen Off Again
Subway slapper: She attacked me like a man, and my jacket rocks
From preschool to Harvard:A single dream, a straight path, and the hard work along the way
Captain Kirk Knows His Sailor Guardians
Former baseball star Jose Canseco loses re-attached finger in poker match
Atari landfill cartridges sell for up to $1,500 each at auction
Cold-blooded 'ice-cream' killer used a chainsaw
Genclerbirligi's chairman wages war on players' beards
Cartier robbery suspect accidentally kills self while hiding from deliveryman he thought was police
City in Ukraine Tied to Masochism Finds Link Painful, Sure, but Some Like It
The New Hot Way to Drink Coffee? Out of a Bell Pepper
Man has NFC chips injected into his hands to store cold Bitcoin wallet
There's Something Seriously Weird Going On Inside Uranus
Muslims found Americas before Columbus, says Turkish president
'Tiger' seen outside of Disneyland Paris probably just a fat housecat searchers say
Father And Son Who Fled Vietnam War Bombs Emerge From Jungle After 40 Years
Search for Big Feline Outside Paris Ends When Tiger Deemed a Cat
Widow brings late husband's ashes into mobile phone shop after company refused to cancel contract
Drunk and feeling frisky? Don't call 911
The strangest 911 call ever
Adrian Peterson issues statement, questions NFL discipline process
St. Louis Woman Sentenced 78 Years In Prison For Waterboarding Her Children
Atheists Are More Likely to Believe in Aliens
Muslims discovered America, says Turkish president
Muslims discovered America before Columbus, claims Turkey's Erdogan
Ugandan pop star faces arrest for 'revenge porn' photos
President of the United Launch Alliance says that reusable rockets would waste fuel
President Obama asks English primatologist Jane Goodall to help Ferguson Police deal with protesters.
Vatican: Topless Femen Protestors Simulate Sex With Crucifixes While Decrying Pope Francis
She gave birth during a parachute jump, the baby dies crushed
Kiev wants to legalize prostitution to help save the economy
Deadly bomb in Philippines blamed on MILF splinter group
Get Away From it All With the Nutshell Cocoon-on-the-Go
Seattle city council member wants Internet access at homeless camps
Man searches for needle in haystack - literally
NFL threatens to fine Marshawn Lynch $100 000+ if he doesn't speak to the media after Sunday's game [x-post from /r/NFL]
State Rep. Sledgehammers Homeless People's Possessions While Wearing an Armani Hat
NFL threatens to fine Marshawn Lynch $100 000+ if he doesn't speak to the media after Sunday's game
Look Closely at This Photo. Do You See the Purported Sign From God That Stopped Filming of the New Bible Series in Its Tracks?
'Dead Body' in the Street Turns Out to Be Dead Body in the Street
Ukip has more men called Dave or Steve than it has women
High School Student Takes Down Twitter's Vine With Rick Astley Video
Student had sex with sheep 'because he was stressed about his exams'
Los Alamitos elementary school retracts 'homework buyout' fundraiser
Troopers Release Brief on Underwear Bandit
Jose Canseco's Finger Fell Off During A Game of Poker
Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Russian President Vladimir Putin paws for a cuddle during G20
Man hit in face after being accused of stealing towel, police say
'Salmon Cannon' Fires Fish Over Dams At 22mph
Woman with same name as Peppa Pig character sues show's producers
White Supremacists and Neo-Nazis are forming alliances with North Korea
Boys meet as friends, discover they are brothers.
Man wearing bra rides a bike while on drugs, preventing pedestrians from using ATM.
'So happy I had a brother': Boys meet as friends, discover they are siblings
Save Beau's life and return him to his owner with no fees
Silicon Valley Hasn't Really Changed Since 1983
The Aussie jihadists too fat to fight
Police say someone is shooting ears of corn at cars in Carver
McDonald's Brings in a Mythbuster to Prove Its McRibs Aren't That Gross
STUDENT had sex with a sheep because he was stressed about his exams, he told police.
Ubisoft Would Delay an Assassin's Creed Game "If It's Not Good Enough"
Tower of London poppies obliterated by machine guns
District meets as group wants to pass out Satanic material at... | www.wftv.com
Facebook is making 'Facebook at Work,' so you can Facebook at work
A Genius Scientist 'Probed' a Comet & All Some Angry Women Talked About Was His Sex-Themed Shirt
New Social Network Connects Beards With Those Who Want To Stroke Them
Texas woman sues owner of dog killed by her pit bulls
Seals discovered having sex with penguins
Anonymous takes over KKK's Twitter after Ferguson threats
Md. Teen Was Too Drunk to Pull Off Planned School Shooting, Cops Say
Convicted drug users and thieves will be allowed to join police: Rules relaxed in bid to lure minorities
Teacher killed and skinned rabbit in class to 'show children how meat is processed'
My Starbucks Visit Survey - Check Code, Results and Rewards
Supremacist surprised 3 victims weren't Jewish
The NFL's Anti-Weed Policy Even Extends to Drugs That Could Prevent Brain Damage
Uranus might be full of suprises
Paleontologist Jack Horner is hard at work trying to turn a chicken into a dinosaur
'Wet Goddess' author shares details of his 6-month sexual relationship with Dolly the dolphin
South Korean "Pokémon" World Champ Parades Canceled Due to Crowds
Bono injured in bike accident, U2 cancels Tonight Show residency
Student arrested after having SEX with SHEEP
Patti Smith will perform at the Vatican's Christmas concert
Lights removed from Auckland park
Karl Stefanovic, Presenter on NBC Today, wore the same knockoff Burberry suit for a year as a part of a sexism experiment.
Sydney brothers 'too fat' to fight with ISIS, Muslim leader says
Crimestoppers NT chair and travel agent Xana Kamitsis arrested by fraud detectives in raid
German man blows himself up after family feud
School found using bomb as bell
Frozen ruins Dad's life.
Satanic group's plan to hand out coloring books has Florida schools re-thinking policy
American students are offering 'free sperm donations' in a bid to get laid
Benedict Cumberbatch Nails These Celebrities
Saudi firms to allowed dictate due date of employees' babies
Saudi man divorces wife for ignoring his Whatsapp messages
Saskatchewan newlyweds fined for not wearing Roughriders jerseys in wedding photos - The Beaverton - North America's Trusted Source of News
Facebook Plans 'At Work' Version
Fun Number: Apple Is Now Worth More Than The Entire Russian Stock Market
In New Napoleonic Era, His Hats and Stockings Rise to Power
Karl Stefanovic Has Worn the Same Suit Every Day for a Year Because Sexism
WHAT NOT TO DO FOR 'EXAM STRESS': HAVE SEX WITH A SHEEP
An Italian woman is suing the makers of the popular children's cartoon Peppa Pig claiming she was damaged by an episode featuring a baby goat character with the same name.
Microsoft Hires Dalek-style Robocops to Guard Silicon Valley HQ
Alcohol and Pork off the Menu as UK's First Sharia Hotel Opens for Business
Thai elephant tramples man, runs off with tourists
Facebook at work on Facebook at Work on Facebook at work - report
14 year old steals moms car to run away with his girlfriend
43 Dartmouth Students Suspected Of Cheating In Ethics Class Designed For Athletes Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/dartmouth-students-suspected-of-cheating-in-ethics-class-2014-11#ixzz3JKxG6lRR
Marshawn Lynch Might Get A $100K Fine For Ignoring Media
Aussie IS recruits 'too fat to fight'
Somerset police actually cordon off a swan sat in the road, for some reason
Sexually Excited Elephant Thames Handler To Death, Runoss of With 2 Russian Tourists On Its Back
Cartier jewel thief killed himself after hiding under the sofa and accidentally discharging gun after mistaking delivery man for the police
ESPN's College GameDay coming to Harvard
Bono falls off bicycle, postpones 'The Tonight Show' appearance
'Bumfights' Creators Flee Thailand after Arrest for Posting Baby's Head and Body Parts to US
Golden Retriever 'Buddy' Gets Head Stuck In Cat House, Is Rescued By Suffolk County Cops
Study: White People Think Black People Are More Likely to Be Magic
Japan's smartphone 'zombies' turn urban areas into human pinball
Squirrel hunter allegedly shoots man in head
Jose Canseco's Finger Falls Off During Poker Game
Dog hitches a ride to hospital with his human
New Jersey police use officer in Donald Duck suit for traffic sting
TV anchor wears same suit for a year, no one notices
Aussie TV Morning Host Wears Same Suit on Air for a Year, No One Notices
Ambulance invades sidewalk and runs over body of elderly
What did you do???!
Student, 23, arrested for 'having sex with a sheep' told police he did because he was stressed about final exams
The PS2 Was Capable Of Streaming Movies Online, But Only In Brazil
Jose Canseco's finger falls off during poker tournament
California Student Had Sex With Sheep As Final Exams Stress Reliever
Judge gives man with 245 convictions one last chance
Dog Rescued by Cops After Getting His Head Stuck Inside a Cat House
Hunting club may cancel endangered rhino hunt. "The club billed it as a fundraiser to save the endangered species."
Wanna See 'Interstellar' Again And Again? Par, AMC Issue The Unlimited Ticket
Drunk birds sober up in Environment Yukon holding tank
Newspaper Asks Journalists to Deliver the Paper After They're Done Writing It
Attempting Sex, An Octopus Gets A Surprise
Oregon Man High on Meth Beats Off 12 Cops, Self
Racist accused of Kansas murders surprised his victims were not Jewish
U2 postpones Tonight Show residency after Bono has bike accident
are you an EXaholic?????????????????????????
Pornhub Records first single 'Coming For Christmas' in bid for Christmas number one
Zuckerberg Explains His Gray T-Shirts, Sounds Pretty Sexist
Putin Replaces One Direction in Best Koala Story Ever
ELON MUSK: Robots Could Start Killing Us All Within 5 Years
Mike Tyson thinks he'd make an 'awesome' Othello
There is a Museum of Communism in the Czech Republic- above a McDonalds, next to a casino
'I thought he was going to shoot me.' Unsuspecting middle school students terrified by active shooter drill.
Aussie ISIS Fighters Too Fat For Fighting
'He had someone taste his food to check it wasn't poisoned': Hotel staffer reveals Russian President Vladimir Putin's paranoia during the G20
Brave emu scares away thief by pecking him!
Sweden mulls 'sexist' video game labels
How Michael Jackson Made $150 Million in 2014
Woman Stabs boyfriend over pet turtle
Charity turns neo-Nazi march into fundraiser
Ice skating Jesus arrested at Love Park
Spanish navy rams Greenpeace boat and injures activists
Davie cop recovering after shooting himself in foot
Methodist church group gets faith tattoos
Jaguars corner Dwayne Gratz arrested after trying to pay with bubble gum
Saudi husband divorces bride during wedding after seeing her face
'You are not How I Imagined, I Divorce you', Saudi Man Declares to Bride on Wedding Night
Male TV host wears same suit for year; no one notices
'Use lots of lube and enter the anus slowly': Chicago schools teach anal sex to 5th graders
Snapchat Releases Snapcash, A Payment Solution
Minnesota National Guard members headed to Liberia next spring to fight Ebola
5th Grade sex ed in Chicago Public Schools features tips to increase sexual pleasure
LastRoom Dream: FREE WIFI for Business Travelers.
Police: Drunk Jaguars Player Tried To Use Bubble Gum As Money
German villiage plays prank on Neo Nazis
PETA Reportedly Steals and Kills a Family Dog
Nintendo Reveals the Toads' Gender Secret.
Man claims PETA stole, killed family pet
My county school system stopped recognizing religious holidays as holidays, and then I saw this.
Maine teen broke into homes naked, looking for car keys: police
German village plays prank on Neo Nazis
Port Allen restaurant offers discount for carrying gun
Gratz arrested following gum gaffe
Study of Pot Smokers' Brains Shows That MRIs Cause Bad Science Reporting
Seals caught having sex with Penguins in the wild
'Sexual depravity' of penguins that Antarctic scientist dared not reveal
Uruguayan soccer player gets his teammate's face tattooed on his arm.
World's leading light on psychopathy reveals "you're being genocided by hair-brained mental-quadriplegics, who want pretenge, because they're full-term-abortions, who get-off-on needing shot.
Charles Manson Gets Marriage License
WOMAN CLAIMS TO SUFFER FROM UP TO 90 ORGASMS EVERY HOUR BECAUSE OF RARE SEXUAL DISORDER
Dogfish Head to Create Brewpub Exclusive Beer for Breakfast Brewed with 25 Pounds of Scrapple
Dan Lehman says Dilly Bar during cold Gophers game wasn't 'psychological warfare'
T-Mobile won't cancel dead man's contract; widow brings in ashes
Coming soon from Dogfish Head: Scrapple beer
Arizona man on fire walks into Taco Bell, asks for water
Putin Claims West is Provoking Russia Into New Cold War
26 year old marrying Charles Manson. Believes he's innocent.
After posing in naked photos Kim Kardashian says she wants to be a positive role model to women. dailytelegraph.com.au
Mass murderer Charles Manson gets license to marry 26-year-old woman who visits him in prison
Lenders Can Now Disable Your Car When You're Driving on the Freeway
Snapchat Now Lets You Send Money To Friends Through Snapcash Deal With Square Cash
Florida City Council Person Will Be Picked Out of Hat After Tie
County jury convicts man who died during trial: "I wanted to complete the case and let the jury make up its mind." -Prosecutor Newell
Sexually excited elephant tramples handler to death, runs off with 2 Russian tourists on its back
Police: Man flees, throws stolen ice cream bar at pregnant woman
Panic among dozens of female mourners at man's funeral when they discover he had HIV
AP Exclusive: Charles Manson gets marriage license
Saudi husband tells his bride he wants a divorce during their wedding after seeing her face for the first time.
Call of Duty Voted Best Franchise Ever By Guinness Book of World Records
Jaden and Willow Smith have a bizarre new interview in the NYT
Sorry, Ladies! Charles Manson, 80, Got a License to Marry a 26-Year-old Woman Who's Been Visiting Him in Prison
Serial killer Charles Manson set to marry woman 50 years his junior
Willow and Jaden Smith Only Like Their Own Music, Think "Normal School" Makes Kids "Depressed"
Mitt's Magical Mormon Undies: Penn Jillette's Rant Redux ..
Jacksonville Jaguars player arrested for trying to use bubblegum as money
Saudi groom divorces wife after seeing her face for first time at wedding.
Newcastle Uni library rooms steam cleaned after student is caught broadcasting live sex shows
Saudi man divorces wife after seeing her face on wedding day
Students Arrested After Allegedly Stealing $7.5K Ronald McDonald Statue, Completing Drive-Thru Order
can someone sauce this please?
Man arrested for everything...can someone sauce this please
Woman wears colander for driver's license photo - Yahoo News
Jaguars' Dwayne Gratz tries to pay his bill with chewing gum
Ebola Nurse: Stop calling me the 'Ebola Nurse'
Charles Manson gets wedding license
Jaden and Willow Smith on the meaning of life: "It's proven that how time moves for you depends on where you are in the universe."
"Card Carrying Nerd" Explains Why Google Glass Is Too Dorky
Uber Exec Wants To Spend $1 Million To Dig Up Personal Dirt On Journalists
Birthday breakfast gone wrong results in Gainesville man's arrest
If time existed this would be the greatest interview of all time.
Jaden and Willow Smith on Prana Energy, Time and Why School is Overrated
Man breaks into car, trapped and arrested
Communist Rationing now a board game in Poland
Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges Responds To Pointergate: 'I'm Not Going To Stop Pointing'
Video game pulled out of India for having a gay character in a key role
Saudi Man Divorces Wife Minutes After He Sees Her Face
Woman wears colander for driver's license photo
California Tells Court It Can't Release Inmates Early Because It Would Lose Cheap Prison Labor
Indonesia's female police recruits subjected to virginity tests
Jose Canseco May Sell the Finger He Shot Off, Gun on eBay
15 questions a girl who smokes always has to answer.
Neo-Nazis accidentally raise funds for left wing charity
Lorde and J-Law can't stop fangirling
Mark Zuckerberg's preference for gray shirts is sexist
Satanic Temple challenges policy allowing religious materials to be distributed at public schools
Disturbing video of seal pinning down penguin and having sex with it
Seals are sexually harassing, raping penguins
Plastic surgeon giving women a 24 hour boob job by injecting SALT into their breasts
Catholic Church Argues It Doesn't Have to Show Up in Court Because Religious Freedom
Business owner sparks outrage for selling bidets.
Seals are having sex with penguins and eating them afterwards
Benjy the gay bull saved from the slaughterhouse by Simpsons co-creator
Female Police Recruits in Indonesia Are Made to Take 'Virginity Tests'
Students win $30,000 to develop app that encourages people to not use their phones
Paul Walker is getting better
German town tricks neo-Nazis into raising money for an anti-Nazi charity
Fine for man who taxied plane down Newman street and stopped at pub
Groom asks bride for divorce on wedding day when he sees her face
Baltimore police say officer justified shooting out of car at steer
Rapist footballer 'being victimised'
Arrest warrants for Americans accused of trying to ship Thai infant body parts
Saudi Groom Demands Divorce After Seeing Bride's Face at Wedding for First Time
Audio of Bill Cosby joking about drugging women resurfaces
I'm a hunter, I want to be intimately involved with a black rhino.
Female Indonesian police recruits forced to undergo 'virginity tests'
Authorities searching for suspect, victim in Four Oaks shooting
Whitehorse birds are getting drunk on fermented berries
Man gives woman HIV; saves her life.
Darren Wilson supporter fundraises enough for 'Pants up, don't loot' billboard in Ferguson
Hockey Team Introduces Muslim Mascot Named Boston
Ex-porn star wears colander in license photo for religion
You Asked for It, so Here It Is: 9 More Clickbait Headline Secrets Revealed
Yukon warns of boozing birds, flying drunk on fermented fruit
The hijacking of the ECB's euro selfie competition was swift and brutal
Darren Wilson Supporters Crowdfund '#PantsUpDontLOOT' Ferguson Billboard
Jose Canseco is selling his detached finger and the gun that shot if off
Russia: 'Police reindeer' considered for Arctic region
Man wanted for stealing 30 air fresheners.
More Than 1 Million People in Russia Live as Slaves, Study Finds
US Marshals to auction off 50,000 Bitcoins seized from Silk Road
McDonald's to trial new "trough" delivery system in late night hot spots
Baltimore Wedding Gown Designer Helping To Create Ebola Medical Suit
Oxford names 'vape' 2014 Word of the Year
Saudi husband tells bride he wants a divorce during wedding after seeing her face
The human platypus: Russian designer has eight parts of his face stretched a total of 9½ inches so he has a 'duck bill' like the Australian animal
Sorry, Jose Canseco, but you can't sell your finger and the gun that blew it off on eBay
Benjy the gay bull of Ireland had a lot at steak before he was saved
Physicists Explain Why Coffee Is More Prone to Spills Than Beer
Mass Murderer Charles Manson Can Get Legally Married, But A Lot Of Gay Couples Still Can't
Million dollar baby: Canadians handed $1M bill after woman gives birth in U.S.
Indonesia female police recruits required to take virginity tests
Widow Brings Husband's Ashes to T-Mobile Store When They Won't Cancel His Contract
University library steam cleaned after online sex show
Body art fanatic spends seven years transforming himself into human platypus
#Ferguson Protest Leader Has Car Stolen During "F*ck the Police" Rally
SOCIAL WORKER TRIED TO STOP COUPLE ADOPTING BECAUSE THEY WERE 'TOO JEWISH'
Samsung thinks 56 phones/year is too many. Will reduce to only twenty times Apple's.
Saudi groom divorces bride after she removes veil, shows her face
Mob Strips Two Women for being Inappropriately Dressed
Paddington Bear creator shocked as film censor warns sex and violence in movie is unsuitable for young children
Orthodox NJ Jews enlist cops to turn off lights, run errands for them on Sabbath
Paddington Bear creator's shock as film is deemed 'unsuitable for young children'
Texas woman defends herself after suing family of dog killed by her pitbulls [x-post from r/news]
'Runner's high' can turn into a real addiction
Kenya: Mob strips another woman despite protest
wildlife officers in the Yukon putting inebriated birds in drunk tank
Prof. claims racism inherently his fault, apologizes for being white, middle-class, heterosexual man
Shanesha Taylor, who was arrested for leaving her children in a hot car while in a job interview, spent the money people donated to her on her baby daddy's rap album.
Neo-Nazis in Germany want to be hipsters, call themselves "Nipsters"
US State Department trolls Islamic State militants on Twitter
Couple fined £100 by hotel for posting bad review
Hey Guys, the Russians Aren't Buying Pabst After All
Woman defends herself after suing family of dog killed by her pit bulls
Jose Canseco tweets he will sell finger he shot off on eBay, as well as gun involved in accident
Fox Hunting Shouldn't Be Illegal, It Should Be Compulsory
Teacher breastfeeding in class draws criticism from students, parents
Professional cuddler opens shop in Portland
Erdoğan vows to teach Turkish children Muslim discovery of Americas
Man used gasoline, ice scraper to attempt suicide
Hudson Valley Man Shoots Dead Deer, Hits Other Man's Rear End
Detroit Weave Burglar On The Run!
Religious extremism main cause of terrorism, according to report
Local woman publishes book featuring husband's cartoons
Charles Manson granted marriage license to wed 26-year-old woman in prison
Terrible People Create Fake Amazon Pages, Convince Walmart To Price-Match Them
'Daddy, I'm getting married to Charles Manson!': Father relives moment his daughter, 26, revealed she was marrying the infamous killer, 79
Man Complains to Police About Stolen Marijuana Plants, Gets Sentenced for Growing Marijuana
Family faces $1M suit after their beagle is attacked, killed
Lake County officer pulls over bus to deliver son's lunch
Kenyan woman assaulted after march against miniskirt attacks
Canada court rules air guns now classified as firearms
People waiting in line to buy GTA V were robbed of their money and tased in Houston.
Ted Cruz: Regulating the internet threatens entrepreneurial freedom.
Guy's Breakup Text Goes Viral
German town tricks neo-Nazis into raising thousands of euros for anti-extremist charity
Ultra-Realistic School Shooting 'Drill' Terrifies Students, Teachers, Parents
Muskrat trapper accidentally launches truck, not boat, into frigid river
Topless sunbather photographed by estate agent drone
Penn State student jailed for "drawings of penises" in residence hall
THE NEO-NAZI BRAND GETS A HIP, STYLISH MAKEOVER
Angry driver takes revenge on double parker by filling his car with CONCRETE
This Woman Was Awarded $685,737 After Learning Her Boyfriend Was an Undercover Cop Sent to Spy on Her
Benji the gay bull has been saved from the slaughterhouse by the co-creator of hit cartoon The Simpsons
BYU Professors discover hidden recording devices in classroom
Arizona mother suffers up to 90 orgasms an hour
Lance Armstrong Drops Out Of 'Beer Mile' Attempt After Finishing Only One Lap
Hotel guests fined £100 for leaving bad review
Gordon Ramsay Says Rival Chef 'Sabotaged' His New Restaurant
Former porn star wears colander in UT driver's license photo
Sexy and Cute - Japan's New Strategy to Recruit Soldiers
Pro football player leaves behind $37 million contract to become a farmer
NC mom concerned after 'big bootie' question appears on class assignment
San Francisco's New Dog Mayor Calls For Mandatory Belly Rubs
Communist: Stop Calling Me Communist Just Because I am a Catholic!
First-grader says school lunch lady told him, 'Guess what? You can't have a lunch'
Transcending Beyond The Jiggy Hologram That Is Life
Who Won The Civil War? Tough Question.
Man sets himself on fire at gas station
Jesse Jackson is lobbying the FCC against aggressive net neutrality rules
Oxford Dictionary names "vape" Word of the Year, is super into vaping now
New 30 for 30 Documentary "I Hate Christian Laettner" To Premiere in 2015
'My tampon put me in a coma and I forgot who my family were'.
California E-Cigarette Inventor Pleads Not Guilty to Arson
Terminally ill Simpsons co-creator Sam Simon steps in to save Benjy the gay bull.
Rich being left behind - by super-rich
Newly elected B.C. councillor will light himself on fire following higher voter turnout
Kenyan mob strips woman for 'dressing inappropriately'
Seals are having sex with Penguins
Crispi pleads guilty to reckless burning in bacon-fueled blaze
Seals Chasing Down and Having Sex with Penguins on Small Sub-Antarctic Island
First-grader says lunch lady told him: 'Guess what? You can't have a lunch'
Samsung decides 56 smartphones a year is too many, will cut lineup by 30%
Woman Lets Dog Pee On Clothing In Toms River Store, Then Takes Police On High-Speed Chase
Woman Let Dog Urinate on $2K in Lane Bryant Clothing: Police
Dewitos? Pepsi tests Doritos-flavored Mountain Dew
Not feeling sexy? Try frogs in a blender!
Boozy birds in the Canadian Yukon can end up in the drunk tank
Seals are Having Sex With Penguins and it's Very Disturbing [VIDEO]
Police: Man threw frozen turkey during fight
TV Host Wore The Same Suit For 365 Days On-Air, No One Noticed
Brave student needs second kidney transplant after eating deadly cheese sandwich as a child
'Simpsons' Creator Saves 'Gay' Irish Bull from Slaughter
Sex Pistols singer John Lydon blew over $15,000 on iPad apps
MTA campaign to target backpacks, 'man spreading'
New York Times Begs Its Writers to Stop Comparing Everything to Brooklyn
This Woman Explains How Climaxing Is Ruining Her Life?!
Bumfights Creators Attempted to Smuggle Baby Body Parts
Don't call me 'POG': The push to end the Corps' most damaging divide
Topless Femen deface Christian cross in Vatican
American rejected for job in Korea because of being black
Columbus, OH police tear gas elementary school and crash three cruisers during riot training exercise.
Katana-wielding robots battle each other with deadly precision
Canadian mom accidentally gives birth in U.S., gets million-dollar medical bill
Canadian couple given $1M bill after mom has baby in Hawaii | CTV News
West Australian man fined $5000 for parking plane outside Pilbara pub
Mount Dora City Council votes to decide election by drawing lots
Fur Seal Sex With Penguin: Why Does It Happen?
Elon Musk: You Have No Idea How Close We Are To Killer Robots
Man In Germany Blows Himself Up Following Family Argument
6 Reasons for Breaking Up Text Is Epic, Goes Viral
Lance Armstrong Attempts 'Beer Mile' | Cycling Videos and News
Man's Genitals Stolen During Trip To Thailand
Can A Man Legally Wed His Daughter? No!
At Brigham Young, Students Push to Lift Ban on Beards
FDA Goes After Dr. Bronner's Magic Soaps Over Health Benefits of Coconut Oil
Teacher made bomb threat joke to escape meeting
Goat Simulator is going to be a free MMO
Fur seals caught having sex with penguins
Teacher With Terrible Texting Skills Causes Bomb Scare at Harlem HS
Does 'Era Of Big Booty' Really Mean Era Of White Cultural Appropriation?
India Quarantines Ebola Survivor Because Of Infectious Semen
Rick Astley Lets Someone Down...
WA Fisheries Department refuses to pay for whale carcass removal as they are 'mammals, not fish', mayor says
The Brave Women Of The Israeli Army
Lance Armstrong attempts beer mile, drops out after one lap
'Pick-up artist' Julien Blanc apologizes for 'posting a lot of stupid stuff online'
Stranded Hikers bring Hula Hoop instead of water
Western Australian Fisheries Department refuses to pay for whale carcass removal as they are 'mammals, not fish'
Don Lemon asks Bill Cosby's rape accuser why she didn't just bite his dick.
Russian President Vladimir Putin calls Canadian Prime Minister Steven Harper a "Gas Bag" to which Mr. Harper replies: "Sorry"
Man spends 7 years turning himself into a human Platypus
These Two DJs Got Their Breasts Enlarged to Live Like Women for 24 hours
LINE OF GAMERS CAMPING OUT FOR GTA RELEASE ROBBED
A Male TV Host Wore The Same Suit Every Day For A Year To Prove A Point About Sexism
I am not 100% satisfied with the box of shit I received in the mail
Boehner opts for Obamacare over Medicare
Japanese Knotweed: Asbos for failure to control invasive plants
Drunk birds taking to the skies in Yukon
Russian Health Expert Says Obama Needs to Stop Chewing Gum
Dairy owners busted selling cigarettes to under-18s accuse authorities of 'entrapment'
Putin Just Gave All Russians the Right to Carry a Rifle Anywhere
Too few bathroom breaks drove bus drivers to adult diapers
Absurdly Handsome Man Attacks 'Fox News Reporter' With Tennis Racket on Halloween, Becomes New Hot Mugshot Guy
Dr Matt Taylor's shirt made me cry, too - with rage at his abusers
Groom sees bride's face, cancels wedding
Jesus lookalike ARRESTED after ice-skating while wearing trademark robes and carrying staff
BROKEN IMAGE OF A MAN
NY Transit Board Member Wants To Ban Backpacks To Ease Subway Congestion
Vietnam cops to mass produce fishnet launchers to catch traffic violators
Child refuses to be adopted by Kim Kardashian
Bob Marley family launches "worlds first cannabis brand"
Too fat to fight! Australian ISIS militants 'rejected' for being obese
Man threatens to kill staff at Tesco near Cambridge - while brandishing PHOTO of a gun
Comic actor in underpants leads to ban on Vietnamese law book
Fish Tagged For Research Become Lunch For Gray Seals
China is hosting the World Internet Conference. Let's take a moment for the insanity of that sink in.
Female police in Indonesia must take virginity test
The £945,000 Red Tibetan mastiff and the Charolais bull sold for £105,000: Incredibly expensive animals.
Students suspended, accused of snorting Smarties
Trip Advisor couple 'fined' £100 by hotel for bad review
Fur seals caught having sex with penguins baffles scientist..
Turkish seal fur magnate responds to Western criticism with new brand: 'Fok You'
"I like to think I have a good sense of humour, and that I'm more than willing to laugh at myself." States Tiger Woods in demand for an apology over satirical interview
British hotel 'fines' couple £100 for bad Trip Advisor review
Hotel toc means consumers sign a contract allowing the owners to fine them for writing bad reviews
Saudi Husband Tells Bride He Wants a Divorce On Their Wedding Night After Seeing Her Face For the First Time When the Photographer Asked Them to Pose For Pictures
In Saudi Arabia, divorce at first sight
Texas woman named Teddy Bear Paradise admits to mailing letter that threatened Obama
Marijuana poisoning incidents spike in Washington state
Simpsons co-creator helps save gay bull
Upper East Side Man Ruins $100-a-Month Rent Deal With Dumb Lawsuit
3D printers can copy your loved one's head - as a cremation urn
'Twin Peaks' Fan Gorbachev Asked Bush Who Killed Laura Palmer
US Experiments to Find Out if We're Living in a 2D World.
WOMAN ACCUSED OF SETTING BACON FIRE PLEADS GUILTY
Putin Said to Stun Advisers by Backing Corruption Crackdown
Man Sentenced For Assault In Roommate Sausage Dispute
Irish McDonalds refuses to serve fire brigade as their fire truck too big for 'Drive Thru'
NFL Jaguars Cornerback arrested for trying to use bubblegum as money
Marshawn Lynch Drove To A Guy's House To Return His Wallet
Don Lemon Asks Bill Cosby Accuser Why She Didn't Bite His Penis To Stop Her Rape
At UC-Davis, Students Can't Register Until They Concede It's Wrong to Say 'I'd Hit That'
NFL player arrested after allegedly trying to pay store clerk in bubble gum
Seven of the 30 largest corporations in US paid more to their CEOs than they did in taxes, study finds
Thousands flock to see baby born with 8 limbs in India
WA Fisheries Department refuses to pay for whale carcass removal as they are 'mammals, not fish', mayor says [xpost from /r/perth]
'Juggalos' threatening Oregon businesses
UK 'to lead moon landing' funded by public contributions
Barbie book about programming tells girls they need boys to code for them
The world's biggest chocolate-maker says we're running out of chocolate
Aggressive groundhog charges at New Hampshire man
The new 'Normal Barbie' has an average woman's proportions, and sticker packs with cellulite, freckles, and acne.
State to ban pet turtles in day care, tighten rules for naptime
Pronounced dead, 91-year-old Polish woman awakens
East Stroudsburg man seeks 'Water Works' to claim McDonald's $10,000 prize
Putin Calls for Closer Ties Between Russia and North Korea
Cape Cod, South Shore Residents Concerned About Traveling Bus Owned by Sex Offender
CNN's Don Lemon tells Bill Cosby rape accuser she should have bitten comedian's genitals
White People Think Black People Possess Magical Powers, Says Science | VICE | United States
Dog has its day as mayor of San Francisco
Louisiana bus driver detains gay student to make him repent for 'sinful ways' of homosexuality
Thermal Camera Shows What It Looks Like When You Pee Or Get Turned On
Reports: Chips stolen from Doritos truck stranded in Buffalo snow storm
Hot Cakes Are Actually Not Selling Well at All
Hunter shoots at dead deer on cart, hits other man
Hackers Could be Targeting Toasters to Mine Bitcoins, Expert Warns
Fugitive Guru Arrested After Standoff With Indian Police
California rapper faces life in prison for gang-related lyrics
Afro-Swedish group objects to Santa's blackface helper
Black students walk out over school official's tweet: 'Every white girl's father's worst nightmare'
350-Pound Thief In Motorized Scooter Caught Sitting On Stolen Walmart Steaks
Alec Baldwin Gives NYers Relationship Advice In Taxis
Boozy berries sending Yukon birds to the drunk tank
Aggressive groundhog goes after man in Hampton, New Hampshire
179 year-old Indian guy
Hampton couple menaced by aggressive groundhog
Exclusive: Is Tropical Premiere 'On My Way,' A Song Partially Recorded on NYC Streets
'Gotham' scoop: No Harley Quinn this season, but expect 'prenatal Robin'
Azerbaijan taking restaurant from MP for playing Cher's song
American Bible-Thumper Travels To Scandinavia, Freaks Out After Discovering How Secular They Are
Seals Accused Of Sexually Attacking Penguins
Scientists baffled by seal sex with penguins
A Doctor Explains Why Cruise Ships Should Be Banned
China: Keep using 'comrade', says Communist Party
Alarm rates dropping off: Year sees 349 fire alarms so far
GOP approved birth control commercial w/Kevin Farley - smart + funny parody
Nickelback Writes Song Inspired By Ferguson Unrest, Finally
Police, protesters argue over 'rules of engagement' ahead of Ferguson decision
Meet Magneto Boy, the kid who attracts metal with his body
Jim Carrey Unleashes the Secrets of the Illuminati
Guy Racks Up $1.2K In-Flight WiFi Bill
Kim Kardashian Rejected By 13-Year-Old Orphan Who Prefers Poverty To Adoption
UK-based artist plans to wear Oculus Rift for 28 days as an experiment
Courtney Love, Dave Grohl Bonded Over Actress' Breasts
Meet "Magnet Boy," the Russian Superhero of the Future
New Social Network Is a Lot Like LinkedIn, Only Actually Useful
Now Hiring: Meme Producer, part time.
new jersey cop arrested for exposing genitals at traffic stops
Hotel charges couple's credit card $156 for negative Trip Advisor review
Kim K Adoption Rejected By Thai Orphan Who'd Rather Live In Orphanage
Quarterback Cam Newton's twitter hacked because password was "camnewton1"
TGI Fridays launches mistletoe drones to help Christmas cheer.
California Paper Asks Its Employees to Produce, Then Deliver, the News
Don Lemon to Bill Cosby's rape accuser: you could have bitten his penis
Meet the X-BOY: Electric shock turns kid into MAGNETO
Owner of killer pit bulls sues family of beagle they killed
Myrtle beach chimps watch the latest Planet of the Apes film
Woman opens professional cuddling shop, gets 10,000 customers in first week
Footballer misses training because of cat standing next to his car
Ogden man gets up to 5 years for burrito theft
Former Chelsea striker Mikael Forssell missed training because of a cat standing next to his car
Charity Against Childhood Sexual Abuse Auctioning Off "Stripper Teddy Bear"
2 Burritos = Prison sentence
Rebel leader: Let's duel to win Ukraine
Don Lemon Sorry Viewers Failed To Understand His Suggestion Joan Tarshis Should Have Bitten Bill Cosby's Penis
Dave Grohl: 'Pop music is so superficial right now.'
Police: ATM filler accused of emptying Daytona Beach machines
Man trapped in Marshalls store wall for days
Darwin man locks himself out of unit, ties rope around waist in amateur abseil attempt to retrieve keys
Michael Wolff Accuses Journalist of Committing Journalism
After 47-Second Hearing, Driver Who Ran Over 3-Year-Old Is Found 'Not Guilty'
Bill Cosby learns that soliciting memes about himself is not a thing he should do
Man removes 30 year old blackheads from nose. Extremely Disgusting and strangely satisfying.
'Every white girl's father's worst nightmare': Punishment demanded for school official's racist re-tweet
Congressman proposes building a moat around the White House
Teenager ran half-marathon in Crocs, came 10th
Rampaging Woodchuck Terrorizes N.H. Neighborhood
New speed limit doesn't mean speeders can go faster, UHP (Utah Highway Patrol) says
Cheat at Monopoly? Get Stabbed by Your Girlfriend
Man Dismembered Dad, Used Boxed Body Parts As TV Stand
Police: Frozen armadillo used in attack
Kid Develops An Amazing Superpower After Getting Electrocuted.
Wearing Blackface, Sullivan High School Seniors Play Powder-Puff Football Game
Police: Drunken bicyclist arrested at Taco Bell drive-through after tussle with cops
University Bans Word 'Freshman' Because It's Sexist and Promotes Rape
Borowitz Report BOROWITZ REPORT TODAY 10:55 AM G.O.P. Unveils Immigration Plan: "We Must Make America Somewhere No One Wants to Live"
House Republicans just passed a bill forbidding scientists from advising the EPA on their own research
Slap Happy TGI Fridays Introduces Mistletoe Drones to Encourage Kissing in the UK
Beefed up iPhone crypto will lead to a child dying, DOJ warned Apple execs
Julien Blanc: UK denies visa to 'pick-up artist'
New Jersey Cops Hunt Woman Who Let Her Dog Urinate On $2000 Worth Of Clothing In Lane Bryant Store
Medieval Times: Congress Suggests Moat, Electronic Fence to Protect White House
You Actually Can Die From Eating Raw Cookie Dough
Michael Phelps' girlfriend admits she was born male
'They actually want a white teacher' US teacher reportedly denied job in South Korea due to skin colour.
Grandmas Have The Best Reactions After Smoking Weed For First Time
Lawyer Accused Of Hypnotizing Clients Into Sex Acts
Charles Manson's future mother-in-law denies bride has been brainwashed
Breast cancer patient denied coverage since he's a man
Client: Attorney hypnotized me into sex acts
Uber Driver Tells Cancer Patient She Deserves To Be Sick For Canceling Ride
Houston restaurant apologizes to customers who complained 'f*ggot' waiter was too gay
Ohio attorney hypnotized clients, made them perform sex acts: court documents
Utah felon won't pay fraud debts until he pays church tithing first!
Woman walking her dogs is attacked by 3-legged wild boar
Tags on fish may act as a 'dinner bell' for predators
Mark Cuban hopes Lakers stay bad
Texas doctor offers the home invaders who robbed him a free college education
Bob Marley to sell pot from the grave
Borgata casino diner hit with $3,750 bill after server recommended wine for 'thirty-seven fifty'
Grandmas Smoke Weed For The First Time
California Rapper, No Criminal Record Faces Life Sentence In Prison for His Album
Cops Drag Sad, Drunk Cyclist Away From Taco Bell Drive-Thru at 3 a.m.
Prison staff used inmates to run car wash, auto-repair service
Kentucky police chief found passed out drunk behind the wheel in Taco Bell drive-through
Saudi Husband Gets Divorce At Wedding Ceremony - Bride's Face Horrifies Him
Cayman Islands Are Now America's Biggest Foreign Investor
OK Go's next album will be released in the form of DNA
Mexican man kills best friend, then cuts off his penis and feeds it to dog
Family Fears Nude Woman Found Dead Is Their Relative
Allergic beekeeper Steven Adderson died from sting
Canadian Mom Billed Almost $1 Million After Unexpectedly Going Into Early Labor On Vacation
Firing squad executions back on the table in Utah Legislature
Hermits escape from society, find freedom in nature
Schoolboy almost killed by electric shock claims he now has superpowers like Magneto
Springfield man accidentally stabbed in friendly game of knife-throwing
Michael Phelps' girlfriend, 41, admits she was born a male as she describes her 'amazing intimacy' with Olympic swimmer
Switzerland May Give Every Citizen $2,600 a Month
Turkey Thief in STL
New invention allows DJs to control their set with fist pumps
Cam Newton on Twitter hack: 'I guess 'camnewton1' was a bad 'password''
Ebola plush toys are in demand (but herpes toys are cute, too)
Buffalo Bills need help shoveling 220,000 tons of snow from stadium, offer $10/hour, free tickets
Why are Antarctic seals trying to have sex with penguins?
Tobias Jesso Jr. Played His Fourth Show Ever In Someone's Kitchen Last Night
Woman Trips, Accidentally Stabs Herself In Stomach
It Took Dave & Buster's 40 Minutes to Delete and 'Sincerely Apologize' for 'Offensive' Tweet About Tacos
School misses out on top rating after Ofsted inspectors say it is 'too English'
Dog tracks down pizza robbery suspects
Popular Colombia soccer team sanctioned by US government for alleged ties to drug cartel
Jaden and Willow Smith talk about teenagery stuff like controlling time, Osho
Two men rob jewellery store wearing burkas
Bills ask fans to shovel out stadium before Sunday's game
Man Proves You Can Just Slap Together Every Taco Bell Ingredient And Still Please People
Smartphone encryption could lead to death of a child, government claims
Video of Southeast Bullitt Fire Department chief raises questions of racism
Dad Tries Really Hard To Scold Paint-Covered Sons, Simply Can't Stop Laughing
Panty Check- Stepping over the line at school dances
Clever dog becomes online sensation because of its unique trick
Live Sex Shows Force Steam-Cleaning Of University Library
Charles Manson's new mother in law doesn't approve of her daughter's decision...
Cam Newton was hacked because he had the worst Twitter password ever
Rape, environmental toxins turning men into transgenders, says UPM lecturer
Gainesville man served wrong birthday breakfast, pokes girlfriend's eye
NICKELBACK's 'No Fixed Address' Projected To Sell 60-65K Copies First Week
Orphan Rejects Adoption Offer From Kim Kardashian
Band releases unplayable glass-master disc with entire catalog
A Cat Mayor Just 'Announced' His Campaign For Senate In Alaska
Walmart officially in the running for worst corporation in the world
Platypus Man, Mortal or Hero? You decide!
Articulate three-year-old accuses father of stealing her money
Indonesia tests female police recruits' virginity
Cam Newton had Twitter hacked because his password was 'Camnewton1'
Banking culture breeds dishonesty, scientific study finds
Gays Rights Are Great, but Ixnay on the PDAs
DOJ: A child will die due to Apple's iOS 8 encryption tech
Cyclist Arrested for carrying 2-Foot Machete in his pants
DOJ tells Apple that children will die because of iMessage encryption.
Kickstarter to drill the moon's south pole is raising crazy cash
US straights want to see gay rights but not kissing, study shows
Government to turn Keelung into 'Baltimore of Taiwan'
Thai Cinema Chain Pulls New Hunger Games Movie Because of the Three-Finger Salute
Mozilla switching default Firefox search engine to Yahoo
Staines estate agent to change name from Isis to Oasis due to Jihadi terrorists
Poroshenko Challenged to Duel by East Ukrainian Rebel Leader
Michael Phelps' girlfriend Taylor Lianne Chandler reveals she was raised as a boy.
School in England marked down by inspectors for being 'too white'.
Jihadi terrorists force Staines estate agent's name change
Man says groundhog was out to get him, has photos to prove it
Comcast Hits Man With $2,789 Fee For Moving To Area Not Served By Comcast
City Books 100 Rooms at Radisson, Doesn't Tell Hotel They're for Homeless
Buffalo Snowstorm Victims Forced to Survive on Frozen Doritos
British couple fined for giving hotel bad review on Trip Advisor
School marked down by Ofsted for being 'too white'
Canadian couple hit with $1m medical bill after daughter is prematurely born in US
Don Lemon Gives Bill Cosby Rape Accuser Tip for Not Getting Raped
UK's first 'poo bus' goes into service between Bristol and Bath
Rural school is denied top grade by Ofsted inspectors because it's 'too English' and not diverse enough
Male Startup Founders Want To 'Enable Women To Change The Way Their Vaginas Smell'
Crime-Fighting Robots Go On Patrol In Silicon Valley
Man arrested for 'mopping aggressively' at hotel
Man eats sugar-heavy diet for 60 days, receives shocking diagnosis
Eminem threatens to rape Iggy Azalea in new violent song Vegas
Winnie the Pooh banned from Polish playground for being an 'inappropriate hermaphrodite'
Eminem Threatens To Rape Iggy Azalea In Violent New Rap Song
Mattel Apologizes For Depicting Barbie As An Incompetent Computer Engineer
Dominatrix Offers Fetish Fitness Classes For Submissives
Jordan parliament has minute of silence for the two terrorists that killed give Israelis at a synagogue.
Inmates locked out of Limerick prison
Russia considers launching 'reindeer police force'
Is this 179-year-old Indian the oldest man alive?
BBC radio presenter tells women to "keep their knickers on" during rape debate
Lesson plan about eating cats sparks concerns for mom, teen
This Man Says He Is A Platypus
Rap Artist With No Criminal Record Faces Life In Prison For Album Lyrics
Michael Phelps' Reported Girlfriend Reveals She Was Born Intersex
Boy says electric shock turned him into magnet
Colorado is Using Tax Revenue from Marijuana Sales to Fund Substance Abuse Programs in Schools
202 Teeth Were Found Buried In Gums of a 7-Year-Old Girl After Complaining Of Severe Pain And Swellings In Her Mouth
Don Lemon Asks Bill Cosby Accuser Why She Didn't Bite His Penis
University Drops Term 'Freshman,' Replaces It With 'First-Year' to not promote sexist stereotypes.
Maritime fisherman finds much success using crack cocaine as bait
All aboard the UK's first poop bus
90 Pounds (41 Kilograms) of Marijuana Mistakenly Delivered to Clothing Store
'When in Robe' Late Night Sauna Dance Party Has Neighbors Steamed
Robert Mugabe marked his own wife's PHD before awarding it to her
Tiny Hamster Enjoys Thanksgiving Like a Real American
Russians Might Use Reindeer to Battle Crime
Saskatchewan winter too much for one CBC Radio listener
Congressman suggests building moat around White House in wake of security lapse
Cam Newton Says His Twitter Got Hacked Because His Password Was "Camnewton1"
Bacteria on Russian 'sex satellite' survive reentry
Md. preps for winter with monster trucks, lasers
Buffalo Bills offer fans money, tickets to shovel out stadium
Pastafarian former porn star Asia Lemmon allowed to wear colander in driving license photo
Controversy Over Advert For Fucking Hell Beer
Congressman suggests building moat around White House
Soccer team, Valencia, sued by DC Comics over a logo that looks like Batman
Some Feminists Think Stopping Jokes Would Help Stop Rape, But 'Alcohol is Not the Problem'
This Video Game Is Apparently Too Gay For India And Won't Be Launched Here
A FSU Student Was Saved From Gunman When His Books He Had Just Checked Out Stopped A Bullet
Two Comcast customers nearly go insane fighting thousands in bogus fees
NJ Man Accused of Stealing Bulldozer for Ride Home
A member of the Irish government warns of 'an ISIS situation' if violence at water charge protests continues
American Pigs Are Too Fat for Holiday Ham
Wausau drug investigation leads to 'Narco Prayer'
If you're under 30, bad luck. You're screwed
Lunar Mission One to crowdfund moon drilling project by offering space time capsules on Kickstarter
Murderer paedophiles sue ministers over hurt feelings
House for sale **Junk not included**
Woman dressed as 'sexy nurse' gives testicular exams IN PUBLIC...but don't worry, it's for charity
Human Poop-Powered Bus Hits UK Roads
Blind-sided: Blue Jackets' Jack Johnson is bankrupt; who led him there is biggest shocker
Hot cakes aren't selling like hot cakes
Canadian couple given $1 million dollar hospital bill for birth
81% of survey respondents said they would "personally guarantee that their company's customer data will be safe in 2015."
Over 200 Indian villagers attend monkey wedding
Extremely drunken woman punches man in head after he hides last three beers, police say
Headline: Maritime fisherman finds much success using crack cocaine as bait
Chico man arrested after driving through apartmentd
Michael Phelps' Girlfriend Says She Was Actually Born a Man
Canadian couple given $1 million dollar hospital bill after giving birth in Hawaii
Michael Phelps' alleged girlfriend says she was born intersex
Wait a Second! These All-American Items Are Actually MADE IN CHINA
Local attorney accused of using hypnosis to have sex with women
Charles Manson's Fiancée: 'Bill Cosby is a Monster'
Man accidentally burnt to death in industrial oven by worker who's marrying his daughter
These Startup Dudes Want to Make Women's Private Parts Smell Like Ripe Fruit
State Attorney General Makes Bold Promise To Stop Taking Money From Companies He's Investigating
Kasabian accidentally called everyone in London "cunts"
Disabled man cuts grass with scissors
Youtube allow Arabs to post cartoon videos encouraging terror attacks against Jews
About 5 million Graco strollers have been recalled due to reports of fingertip amputations.
This Man Has Spent Years Transforming Himself Into an Actual Platypus
Utah legislature considers shutting off NSA's water
Glenn Beck: AP 'Raped' Bill Cosby
Utah Proposes Firing Squad for Executions
Virginia Woman to Remain Jailed Over `I Love ISIS` Facebook Post
Flip phones are hip again
Parents' anger as Grimsby-area school is branded 'too white' by Ofsted inspectors
Chris Pratt to play the lead in Cowboy Ninja Viking
Mark Latham read my mind. Of course I hate my daughter - I'm a feminist
That's No Basketball; That's My Baby
'Last chance' for woman with 100 convictions
'Evil Stick' wand toy for toddlers reveals picture of a young girl slitting her wrists with knife
'Feminist' condom design beats stiff competition
Indonesia Urged To Stop 'Virginity Tests' For Female Police Recruits
Head Teacher Caught Giving Oral Sex To Maths Teacher During School
Fight over denim turns into uproar at Weston Golf Club
TN lawmaker suggests moat around White House
J. Cole Previews Album for a Fan, He Passes Out
Congressman wants to build a moat around the White House.
Judge evicts man from NYC apartment, citing urine stench
Australia fears Islamist radicals joining forces with biker gangs
Poop-powered bus takes to English roads
Tempe Police: Man wearing brother's pants punches horse, surprised by marijuana in pocket
Books saved student from bullets in Florida State library shooting
Berkeley Could Soon Add Global Warming Labels To Gas Pumps
Study Suggests Banking Industry Breeds Dishonesty
Queued for 14 hours, peed in a bottle and all for $5 Kmart voucher
Winnie the Pooh banned from Polish playground for lack of pants
Governor Patrick gives awards to Lynn Police for shooting veteran to death
Woman crashes into downtown Kansas City building, vintage car falls out
Male Startup Founders Think Your Vagina Should Smell Like a Ripe Peach
Men Offer Sex for Free to Women Trying to Get Pregnant In a method called "natural insemination," donors make their sperm available by having sex.
Goat that 'only respects one man' rescued from Oregon rooftop
Juggalos Claim Anti-Hipster Campaign Is an FBI Frame Job
Winnie the Pooh banned in Poland after he is declared a 'hermaphrodite'
Who's sabotaging the Cardrona bra fence?
Hunger Games: Xbox One owners can order pizza by yelling FEED ME at TV
House passes bill to limit EPA 'secret science'
Guy accidentally hits 'masturbate mode' on his fake arm during TV interview
Chicken dance not grounds for dismissal
To get husbands, Pastor Undresses And Kisses Female Church Members Asses At Beach
Study: 4 out of 5 teenagers don't believe in Saskatchewan
American Pigs too fat for holiday hams.
House passes bill that makes it harder for scientists to advise the EPA
North Korea accuses South of aggravating tensions over Christmas tree
North Korea refutes war crimes charge and says human rights system is 'advantageous'
'Hunger Games' Continues to Inspire Coup Resistance in Thailand
Man accused of pushing wife over cliff marked spot on map with 'X'
State of Florida rationalizes 64oz growler ban by saying that you could honestly tell a cop or your spouse that you only had "one beer" (x-post /r/beer)
Desperate Perth lecturer offers 'feminist' car for sale on Gumtree
Europeans Mock Korean Tourists in Hiking Outfits
Pro-Beijing scholar wants to set up platform to counter West's 'bad-mouthing' of China
'Your vagina doesn't smell like peaches? Outrageous! We can fix that', say tech bros
Once a $37 million center, Jason Brown gave up NFL for farming
If You're A Student At UC Davis, You Can't Say 'I'd Hit That'
[Slightly Misleading Title] If You're A Student At UC Davis, You Can't Say 'I'd Hit That'
Gator whisperer arrested after 'kissing gator' picture goes viral
Doing the chicken dance not grounds for dismissal
90 Percent of those who drink excessively aren't alcoholics, study finds
DC Comics is suing La Liga's Valencia soccer team over 'Batman' logo
Jailed Twitter troll speaks of regret
Graco Recalls 11 Models of Strollers Due to Fingertip Amputation Hazard
3 Armed Robbers Target Line of Customers Waiting for the Release of the New "Grand Theft Auto" Video Game.
'Text neck' is becoming an 'epidemic' and could wreck your spine
Maui dog poop fight leads to felony arrests
Adebayor has accused his family of trying to destroy him with juju
Chess Grand Master falls asleep during game World Chess Championship
Oklahoma mom jailed for leaving naughty daughter at homeless shelter
Barrie mom says critical thinking lesson is inappropriate
Republicans Accuse Obama of Treating Immigrants Like Humans
Judge to 'Alligator Whisperer': No schmoozing with gators
Domino's Xbox One app allows gamers to order pizza by waving and shouting at console
Polish Playground Bans 'Hermaphrodite' Winnie the Pooh
Fines of up to $100K for owning, selling baby walkers [in Canada]
D.C. Comics accuses Spanish soccer team Valencia FC of ripping off Batman logo
French man quits ISIS because it was too hard to stop smoking
Morrissey storms off stage after he gets insulted by fan
Students arrested for Hunger Games salute in protest of military coup in Thailand
Dear Prudence: My nudist wife wants our children to be nudists too.
Head injury makes Titans' Delanie Walker think
Russian Police Force Wants To Enlist Reindeer
Hosts learn of cancellation during show
6 self defense techniques for women.
UK's first 'poo bus' hits the road
Watch three grannies smoke marijuana for the first time - their reactions may surprise you
Levi's Full Cushion High Ankle Set Of 3 Socks at Rs. 249 from Maniacstore
Man Who Was Stabbed After Attempting To Protect His Girlfriend From Tenderloin Catcaller Has Cat Named 'Babycakes'
Senate Keystone "Yea" Votes Took In Six Times More Oil & Gas Money Than Opponents
Ninety orgasms per hour leaves Arizona mom exhausted
Emmanuel Adebayor accuses mother of using Juju against him
Winnie the Pooh banned from Polish playground as an 'inappropriate hermaphrodite'
Chinese hospital offers men childbirth 'taster sessions'
School marked down for being "too white"
Winnie the Pooh banned for being an 'inappropriate hermaphrodite'
Headmaster filmed by students performing oral sex on math teacher
Obese woman who founded nightclub for larger women has to leave
Ham crisis as pigs are 'too fat' for dinner table ahead of Thanksgiving and Christmas
Turn yourself into a cyborg
New Zealand: Police in toasted sandwich mercy dash
Schoolboy, 15, threatened with suspension for raking in £14,000 selling 'black market' chocolate and crisps
John Smid: Former leader of US 'gay cure' group has just married a man
Walmart Holds Food Drive For Own Employees In Need
Schoolboy threatened with suspension after making £14k selling crisps
Town Reportedly Nixes Winnie the Pooh Mascot Over 'Dubious Sexuality'
Venice BANS wheelie suitcases and threatens tourists with $600 fines after locals complain of 'noise pollution'
Schoolboy could be suspended for selling sweets to pupils and raking in £14k - to pay for university fees
Winless Sixers force Papa John's to change pizza promotion
Death threat to TD who compared protesters to Isis
Teen continues to seek justice after ex-girlfriend's mother slices penis with box cutter
Winnie the Pooh denounced as hermaphrodite
Police Seek Man Missing Penis
Mattel apologizes for inept computer engineer Barbie
Ancient Martian civilization was wiped out by nuclear bombs and could attack Earth, claims physicist
ISIS Releases "Abuse" Photo it Claims is of Anti-IS "Butchers;" Is Actually Picture from Hungarian Porn
Arizona mom who left kids in hot car spent thousands of dollars of donation money 'to finish her baby daddy's rap album': ex-pal
Venice levies $630 fine for tourists pulling wheeled suitcases
Prospective buyer finds dead body in closet during showing of house
Anarchists Start Investigation Into Dangerous Police Extremists
Winnie the Pooh banned from Polish playground for being half-naked and a "hermaphrodite"
DOJ Tells Apple Kids Will Die Because of Their Encryption Stand
49ers fans upset about Seahawks colors in San Francisco's new BART trains
Predatory science journal publishes paper titled: "Get me off your F**king mailing list"
Ousted Black Hole or Exploding Star? Astronomers Aren't Sure, But It Looks Cool
'Normal' Barbie Will Have Acne, Cellulite, and Stretch Marks
Police warned angry goat on roof 'only respects one man'
Tapeworm Found Living Inside 50-Year-Old Man's Brain
'Frozen' might be everything that's wrong with the U.S. economy
Kansas Supreme Court disbars attorney Dennis Hawver for 'inexplicable incompetence'
Google's Facebook page (test link)
Kitty litter mix-up at fed lab contributed to costly nuclear radiation leak, report says
Thailand Declares Indefinite Martial Law Amid 'Hunger Games' Salute Controversy
Student debt collector emerges as surprise buyer of Corinthian's Everest campuses
There Was a Fight at a 24-Year-Old Romanian's Funeral After All His Lovers Found Out He Had HIV
Headmaster caught 'giving oral sex to maths teacher' during school
Get Ready For Parents To Fight Over Pink Plastic Pregnant Puppies
Cancer Patients Driven to Darknet for Cheap Drugs
Winnie the Pooh Denounced as a Hermaphrodite, Banned from Playground
Athletes in trouble with the law in 2014
Russian Football Fan Sues Police for Allegedly Ordering Her to Take Off Panties
12 Places That Are Famous For Sex Tourism
A Graphic Video Has Surfaced In Which Lana Del Rey Pretends To Be Raped
Citizens detained in Thailand for using the 3 fingered Hunger Games salute.
South Korea Threatens Jail for Sellers of Unapproved Selfie Sticks
Small Town Tricks Neo-Nazi Marchers Into Raising Thousands Of Dollars To Combat Extremism
A bus powered by human poop is up and running in the UK
Affidavit: Man accused of pushing wife over cliff marked spot on map with 'X'
Food Network Chef Giada's Thanksgiving Diet Tip: Spit Out All Your Food
Only in Russia can you rent a bear for your kids birthday party
Maine officials seeking pepper-spray video leak
Toronto streetcar sex involved 3 people, police say
Russian footballer rents live bear for son's birthday party
Thai orphan rejects Kim Kardashian adoption offer- would rather stay an orphan
Obama forgets his phone, runs back into the White House to get it
Rapper faces life in prison for releasing new album
Mattel Sorry About Inept Computer Engineer Barbie
Chinese students furious as stray dog that attended lectures is killed by university officials and thrown away in the rubbish
Male Founders Of San Francisco Biotech Startups Promise To Make Vaginas Smell Like Ripe Peaches
Xbox One Pizza App Allows Owners To Order Food By Simply Yelling At TV
High school defends cat-eating lesson plan
Local news paper writes an insane article about a vigil honoring a double murderer/child killer
Protesters in Thailand arrested for giving Hunger Games Three-Fingered Salute
Gay Evangelicals Argue That Bible Does Not Condemn Homosexuality
Chess Grandmaster Dozes Off During Championship
Official: Don't get out of your car for $100 bill Read more: http://www.upi.com/Odd_News/2014/11/21/Official-Dont-get-out-of-your-car-for-100-bill/8081416600999/#ixzz3Jjo3J0y3
Official: Don't get out of your car for $100 bill
The ugly Christmas sweater business is worth millions
Husband asks for divorce after seeing bride's face for the first time
Mayor Murray Pardons Tofurky and Challenges City Council to Food Drive
Breaking Bad Echoed as Spanish Teacher, 65, Found Cooking Crystal Meth in Home Grown Lab
Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps' reported girlfriend was born a man
All aboard the Number Two bus that runs on human poop
Little Boy Suspended for Pointing Finger Like a Laser Gun
G.O.P. Accuses Obama of Treating Immigrants Like Humans
JJ Watt meets a horse named JJ Watt
GOP Senator Says Obama's Immigration Speech Could Trigger Some Kind of White Ferguson
Buffalo Bills offer refunds to fans for Bills-Jets game, instead of the refund number they accidentally post phone number to an Ohio Domestic Violence Hotline on their website (x-post from /r/nfl)
Milford student suspended for making hand gun gesture
Buffalo Bills accidentally tell ticket holders to call a domestic violence crisis center for refunds
Florida's 'dirtiest cop' sentenced to 364 days for jailing man that came to police station to file complaint against him.
English school denied outstanding rating because it's 'too English'
Researchers Discovered A Gene That Makes Some People Bad at Relationships
Stocks rise. Investors are thankful for central bankers
Did Obama literally shred the Constitution?
Flyer to sue airline after hot coffee scalds his forehead
Bills offer refunds to fans for Bills-Jets game, post phone number to an Ohio Domestic Violence Hotline on their website instead of the refund number. (X-post from /r/NFL)
English school denied an outstanding rating for being 'Too White'
Half Naked Winnie The Pooh Banned From Playground
Cats Teach Robots To Land On Feet
Grandma Faces Police Interrogation over 'Racially Offensive' Knitted Gorilla
Thailand protests meet 'Hunger Games' as demonstrators arrested for three-finger salute
Thai Protesters Are Detained After Using 'Hunger Games' Salute
A big reason climate change isn't a priority: The apocalypse
Al Qaeda in Yemen: ISIS 'going too far'
Rapper Faces Life in Prison for Album
Palin identifies the key threat to America's future: Americans
Vanuatu MP Willie Jimmy proposes death penalty for witchcraft
DC Comics sues Valencia football club. Claims their logo looks too much like Batman, despite it being used since 1919.
Teens tweet photos of unappetizing lunches using #ThanksMichelleObama
ESPN Suspends Keith Law From Twitter For Defending Evolution
Wojciech Szczesny sells himself to rivals Manchester United for £18.5m on Fifa... and uses funds to sign Zlatan Ibrahimovic
Ubisoft wants to expand Assassin's Creed audience to kids
'I wanted to stay in North Korea,' says freed US detainee Matthew Miller
Polish playground bans Winnie the Pooh for 'dubious sexuality'
I found this as a fashion page.
Rosie O'Donnell Picked Her Nose and Ate It on The View This Week
Cop Shoots Drunk Man to Death After Forcing Him to Drive a Car [Video]
Monty Python track tops funeral charts
15 Year-Old Entrepreneur Threatened With Suspension Over Black Market Candy
Town nixes Winnie the Pooh mascot over "dubious sexuality"
House Passes A Bill That Restricts Scientists From Advising The EPA
On stage at Goldman Sachs event, Uber CEO compared his company's woes to Ferguson
Angelina Jolie confirms retirement: 'I've never loved acting'
Lunatic: Keystone Pipeline Will Teach Men "What it Is to Be a Man"
Obesity Affects Number Of Those Eligible For Military Service
Save a Life - Surrender Your Knife
Al Qaeda in Yemen rebukes ISIS
US woman Ruby Holt, 100, makes first visit to ocean
Gambia security forces insert objects into gay prisoner's anuses and vaginas to "test" their sexual orientation
Feds seek injunction over tuna sandwiches
Most Heavy Drinkers Are Not Alcoholics
The student must dress professionally in order to compensate for wearing a beard and must wear a lanyard at all times displaying that he has received university permission to have the beard.
Pair sales increase due to Rick Ross' support
Polish town bans Winnie the Pooh for not wearing pants
Winnie the Pooh banned from Polish playground over his 'dubious sexuality' and 'incomplete wardrobe'.
Canadian girl abruptly dumps boyfriend, then begs him back after he wins $362,259 from online game
Child Porn suspect enrolled as a 6th grader
SO MANY SHOTS FIRED POLICE USED WHATABURGER ORDER NUMBERS TO MARK CASINGS
Police search for man who licked woman's foot in tanning salon
Utah revives plan for executions by firing squad
Texas approves textbooks with Moses as Founding Father
Texas Approves Textbooks With Moses As Honorary Founding Father
Comcast Billed a Customer $3,000 For Moving Out of Their Clutches
I'm not a dictator, says angry Prayut
Shoutout to All The Pear: U.S. Pear Farmers Thankful to Rick Ross
'Sweet Peach' Probiotic Will Make Vaginas Smell Like Peaches
Stockton teacher charged, put on leave after struggle with student
Bill Gates Offers Young Thug $9,000,000 Cash To Stop Making Music
Winless 76ers cause Papa John's to change pizza promotion
Grandmother Attempts Citizen Arrest of Ted Cruz for Being an Arrogant Prick
Arizona 'pregnant man' charged with stalking estranged wife
Woman Opens Cuddling Shop And Gets 10,000 Customers In The First Week
Pear Farmers Thank Rick Ross For The Shoutout
Not The Nation- Thai satire
Students Are Tweeting Thanks to Michelle Obama With Pics Of Gross Cafeteria Food
Princeton Review to Asians: Act Less Asian
Airbags Didn't Deploy Since Driver Didn't Collide Properly, Says Toyota India Dealer
Nestle is trying to make a drink that will stop the need for exercise
Muslim Pupils Confused Over Sharia And UK Law
Family Court ends policy of strip-searching juveniles
exas approves textbooks with Moses as Founding Father
Seattle mayor pardons tofu turkey ahead of Thanksgiving
A British politician lost her job over a tweet: how to explain it to someone outside the UK
Montenegrin Prime Minister infuriates Serbs by calling Gavrilo Princip a terrorist
Stockton teacher charged with dragging student toward pool
The New "Normal Barbie" Comes with Customizable Zits and Cellulite
Badass Manchester Schoolkid Tommie Rose Faces Suspension Over £14,000 Tuckshop Empire
Polish town bans Winnie the Pooh mascot from playground for being hermaphrodite
Man's complaint of constant buzzing leads to discovery of maggots in ear
Ads Denying Existence of Russian Santa Claus Raise Outcry in Moscow
Venice Is Banning Tourists From Using Wheely Suitcases
Family set to lose pit bull on Dec. 1 because of ban
Harbaugh compares Vernon Davis to an olive jar
Perpetually Single? Researchers Discovered A Gene That Makes Some People Bad at Relationships
Chinese ship runs into protected reef in Philippines while transporting 11 tons of illegal anteater meat
#1.Tom And Jerry - Cartoon Best Classic
Rock Stars Ditch Jack Daniels for Quinoa as Chef Goes on Tour
Teen With Cancer Claims He Was Fired For Needing Time Off for Surgery (x-post /r/news)
Terrorist attacks decrease fertility levels, says new research
Seattle mayor pardons Tofurky, because it's Seattle
A Polish town council rejected Winnie the Pooh as its playground mascot because he's a 'hermaphrodite'
Polish Lawmakers Want to Ban Winnie-the-Pooh Over his "Dubious Sexuality"
Abbas accuses Israel of using wild boars against Palestinians
A Brief History of Racist Soft Drinks
EPA Barred From Getting Advice From Scientists
Ancient India had aeroplanes, nuclear weapons, says chief of India's premier history body Read more at: http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/ancient-india-aeroplanes-nuclear-weapons-chief-history-chairman-indian-council-historical-research/1/403167.html
Ancient India had aeroplanes, nuclear weapons, says chief of India's premier history body
Illinois Coyotes Help Nab Iowa Fugitive
Cute ducklings & dolphins replace genitalia in Turkish textbooks
Transgender woman dies suddenly, presented at funeral in open casket as a man
Sex Ed Conference Touts Alternatives: Bathe, Shave And Role-Play Together
Attorney Probed For Hypnotizing Female Clients
Chess Grandmaster Dozes Off During Championship - IGN
Upper East Side restaurant fined $5K because of Craigslist 'hostess' ad
Elopement planner prides himself on helping couples run away from their responsibilities
Woman Drives Her Two Sons Off a Cliff in Fear of the Illuminati
Deer dies after running into Indiana Wal-Mart
When Sean Hannity tried to remind her that Mexico is just a short drive across the border, she replied. "Sean you're just wrong on that, I've been to Mexico many times and I can tell you it has excellent beaches. How can you have beaches and not an ocean?"
Police: Woman pulls knife over unplugged air freshener
Teen With Cancer Claims He Was Fired For Needing Time Off for Surgery
Los Angeles schools wins lawsuit after blaming student for sex with teacher
Kickstarter campaign attempts to collect funds for gaming system that makes you lose blood in real life as you lose blood in the game.
Spurned maniac who flew from America to UK in bid to murder internet girlfriend jailed for life
John Calipari wishes daughter happy birthday on the wrong day
2 arrested for assaults at Logan in separate incidents
Disney can save Nintendo, and it would only cost $19 billion
Bacon trailer burns on interstate
Nude man falls through ceiling at Logan, assaults bystander
'I am not a Nazi' explains Virginia doctor who hung swastika outside his home
Divvy Rider Injured on Lake Shore Drive Collided with Uber Cab: Witness - Lakeview
UK's First "Poo Bus" is Powered By Human Waste
Police seek man who licked stranger's foot, stole women's shoes
MISSING GNOME RETURNS HOME WITH VACATION PHOTOS
Kenyan Marathoner Runs From Police to Avoid Sex Crime Charges
Instability problems reported with Android 5.0 Lollipop when language set to French Canadian
$100 bill on your windshield? Beware: It could be a scam
Parents, you're not doing your kids any favors by being "cool"
100 Year-Old Woman Sees Ocean For First Time
Kids Think Gender Determines Friendships
No happy story starts with, "Naked man"
Crazed Groundhog Chases New Hampshire Man
Indonesia subjects female police applicants to virginity tests
Town Bans Winnie the Pooh for Being Half Naked and Sexually "Dubious"
Man Arrested in Bizarre Naked Rampage at Boston Airport
Nude man falls through ceiling at Logan Airport, assaults bystander
Crazed Groundhog Attacks Man, Chases Him
Curt Schilling's son leaves fake grenade in bag at Logan Airport
Kim Kardashian's butt is now helping kids study for the SAT
A Kickstarter Promises If You Bleed in the Game, You'll Bleed For Real
Teen claims restaurant fired him for requesting time off for cancer treatment
Brazilian Elder Killed by Coffee IV
U.S. Pear Farmers Thankful to Rick Ross
Woman teacher accused of sexually assaulting 6-year-old girl. "As suspect is a women, she cannot be arrested" - Supreme Court of India.
Curt Schilling's son brings fake grenade to Logan International Airport, bomb squad responds
Cleveland police officer shoots 12-year-old boy
Naked man crashes through Boston airport ceiling, bites elderly man's ear, police say
Kirk Cameron Files Sex Abuse Charges on Bill Cosby
But why male models?
Crisis Negotiators Give Thanksgiving Tips
Victorian Liberals sack candidate over role for porn star in campaign event
Kim Kardashian's naked pictures are helping teenagers learn maths
Naked man falls through ceiling in Logan Airport. Assaults elderly man
'Gay bull' condemned to death is given lifeline by 'The Simpsons' co-creator
Pro StarCraft player disqualified after tweeting he'd 'rape' female opponent
Carter: Being Called Worst President Better Than Being Called A Warmonger
Naked Suspect Assaults Elderly Man After Falling From Airport Bathroom Ceiling
Mom: My Son 'Looks a Lot Like a Girl'
Microsoft's Ad In Poland Photoshops Black Man, But Keeps Asian Man, White Woman.
Four entertainers face sack after staging mock ISIS beheadings for young kids at holiday park
What It's Like to Date a Horse
New high school course: 'How to deal with cops'
Fish and chips harming eider ducks - wildlife expert
Boyfriend of woman shot by Ann Arbor police: 'Why would you shoot a woman with a knife?'
Bandits in Guinea steal suspected Ebola blood
Woman 'locked cat in cage and put it in bath - because it ate her pizza'
Thai Theaters Ban Hunger Games 'Mockingjay' Movie For Inspiring Liberty
Ugly Christmas Tree Will Be Replaced In Pennsylvania Town
Naked man falls from ceiling of women's restroom in Boston
'Normal Barbie' Will Have Cellulite, Stretch Marks And Acne Add-Ons
Winnie the Pooh banned by Polish town legislators for being "half naked", which is inappropriate for children. (x-post from /r/television)
Polish Town Bans Winnie the Pooh for Being Half-Naked, Inappropriate For Children
Naked man falls through airport ceiling and attacks pensioner.
Naked Man Crashes Through Ceiling At Boston's Logan Airport
Proposed Deer vest help increase visibility and reduce vehicular collisions
'Normal Barbie' goes on sale, complete with cellulite, acne and stretch marks
Danish Government to fund PHD students search for troll on Danish Island
South Korea is threatening to jail selfie stick retailers
Pizza Hut Perfume Smells Nothing Like Pizza, Everything Like Cinnamon Rolls
Naked Man Falls Through Ceiling of Airport Bathroom
Mom Calls 911 On Masturbating Teenage Son; Boy Arrested, Charged With New 'Self-Rape' State Law
Belmont PTA Decides Students Can Handle 'Offensive' Christmas Tree in 'The Nutcracker'
Former leader of 'gay cure' group marries male partner
Hypothesis on evolution of PMS attracts hostility
Wife of Ferguson's KKK leader wants to hold cop accountable for shooting...a dog
Indianapolis newspaper alters, then deletes racist Thanksgiving cartoon following complaints
Cleveland Police Shoot And Kill 12-Year-Old Carrying A Fake Gun
Sony's pulled PS Vita ad is embarrassing for everyone
Pyongyang threatens new nuclear test in response to UN criticism
Former leader of notorious 'gay cure' Christian group MARRIES his same-sex partner after coming out and leaving his wife
Someone in Norway built an outdoor toilet for $550000.
America's Pear Growers Have Officially Thanked Rick Ross For Endorsement
Kristen Bell's New Song "Text Me Merry Christmas" Will Be Your Holiday Anthem
Plumbers London | Emergency London Plumber | Call us 0203 095 3258
Now e-cigarettes can give you malware
12-year-old boy with fake gun shot, killed by Ohio police officer
'Simpsons' Co-Creator Saves A Gay Bull From Being Turned Into Hamburgers
Lancaster Family Files Suit Against Red Cross After Son Eats Cookie Tainted With Blood
"I'm Not Gay No More" Guy Arrested Soliciting Male Prostitute
Lawyer Dresses as Thomas Jefferson in Court, Gets Disbarred for "Inexplicable Incompetence"
Former head of 'gay cure' group marries MALE partner after years of hiding true sexuality
Journal Accepts Paper Reading "Get Me Off Your Fucking Mailing List"
Naked man crashes through ceiling at Boston airport, attacks elderly man
Police: Woman allegedly kills herself with gun bought to prepare for Ferguson unrest
Vladimir Putin says he won't be Russia's president for life
Right-side walkers 'daily threat' to Melbourne's liveability
Julie's speaking a new language: Foreign Affairs Minister takes time out of her busy schedule to entertain her 85,000 Twitter followers by replying using only emojis
This Is What Miley Cyrus Wore to Her Unicorn and Sex-Toy Themed Birthday
Nude suspect assaults 84-year-old man after falling through ceiling
Former Cape Cod doctor censured for performing drunken colonoscopy
Affluent California high school decides their mascot, a caricature of person from the middle east complete with harem and magic carpet, might be offensive, so they change it from "Arabs" to "Mighty Arabs".
Porn Version of "Left Behind" Less Amusing Than Original
Prediksi Aston Villa vs Southampton 25 November 2014
Cops drag sad, drunk cyclist from Taco Bell drive-thru
Putin says another decade in power is enough.
Haitians eat dirt cookies to survive
Two injured in hash oil explosion inside gas station bathroom
PUTIN: We're Stronger Than Everybody
DMV Opens Second Lompoc Office to Help Issue Driver's Licenses for Illegal Immigrants
Iggy Azalea Wins "Best Hip Hop Album" At The American Music Awards
Naked man crashes through airport ceiling before violently attacking 84-year-old, say police
Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Names Monsanto Best Place to Work for LGBT Equality
Killings by Utah police outpacing gang, drug, child-abuse homicides
Venice to ban wheeled suitcases
The Moment Chicago Radio Hosts Found Out On The Air That They Were Fired
Chicago radio hosts find out they're fired live on air
Tourist fined $30,000 for tagging Colosseum
British-Iranian woman jailed for watching men's volleyball released
Exploding poop topples building in China
Marshawn Lynch fulfills media duty by saying 'yeah' 12 times [XPost- r/NFL]
Marshawn Lynch fulfills media duty by saying 'yeah' 12 times
A DUP politician in Northern Ireland has unveiled plans to introduce a 'conscience clause' - which would allow religious people to ignore equality laws and discriminate against gays.
Call to counter 'radical Islam' in kindergartens
Bob Geldof: Buy Band Aid 30 single...then delete it
Paintball tester wanted: must stand tall in the line of fire, salary £40,000 - Telegraph
Polish town opposes Pooh Bear for unclear gender.
The new Army Medical Department (AMEDD) Regimental Insignia has a COCK on it.
Vigilante citizen arrests Uber driver
Mississippi Officially Ratifies 13th Amendment Banning Slavery... 148 Years Later
FLORIDA MAN TURNED AWAY AT FIREHOUSE TRYING TO REPORT BLAZE, TOLD TO CALL 911 INSTEAD
Woman arrested after board game turns violent
US police shoot dead boy, 12, holding toy gun
Heroin to be prescribed to Canadian addicts by doctors
Lost kitten from New Mexico turns up in duffel bag in Maine
T-Pain Says That Future Doesn't Know How To Use Auto-Tune
Turkey President Erdogan: Women Are Not Equal To Men
Animal Rights Activists Hold a Funeral for a Frozen Chicken in a Grocery Store
Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan: 'women not equal to men'
Naked guy falls through ceiling into women's bathroom before assaulting elderly man
Airline changes flight number after famous psychic predicts plane crash following engine trouble
Airline changes flight after renowned psychic predicts crash
Ugly Christmas tree, ruining holiday spirit, to be removed in Pa.
Bio-engineering vaginas not about peach smell, company says, but making them healthier
Officials: Man blown up trying to lay explosives on Egyptian railway
Cops Find Bongs, Weed After Helping Woman Into Her Apartment
Syrian refugee turned entrepreneur expands cheese-making business in Yorkshire
Man marries his second tree.
President Obama: American People Want 'New Car Smell' in 2016 Campaign
Woman saying 'we're ready for Ferguson' accidentally shoots self in head, dies
Turkish President: 'Equality between men and women is against nature'
Girls get a 'normal' Barbie with acne and fuller hips
400 LB Cement Sasquatch Stolen From Yard
Rape by fraud? N.J. lawmaker introduces bill to make it a crime
Exploding excrement topples building in China, 15 injured
Friends of dead transgender woman horrified when she's presented as man at funeral
Gay-hating pastor mistakenly promotes parody video outing himself as a semen-loving sodomite
Man sees contents of cash drawer, gives up on robbery
Naked Man Falls Through Restroom Ceiling at Boston Airport; Assaults 84-Year-Old Man
Naked Man Falls Through Airport Bathroom Ceiling
Russia Looks to Launch Reindeer Police Force
Health warning: Now e-cigarettes can give you malware
Kean University's $219,000 table the center of attention
Cops: Man Named Phuc Kieu Tried To Rape, Rob Man After Watching Porn
Start-Up Working To Help Vaginas Have A 'Peachy' New Smell
Siberian police consider deputizing reindeer
This Controller Draws Real Blood Every Time You're Shot In A Video Game
Man admits to arson on live news report.
comments Black Friday shopper has tent set up at Best Buy in Saginaw County, MI
Dropped beer bottle shatters glass walkway at London's Tower Bridge
Winnie the Pooh banned from park for being a "Hermaphrodite"
More Wild Turkey Attacks in Brookline
City's 'Ugly' Christmas Tree Prompts Public Outcry
$139 million deal in LA teacher semen cookies case
Suspect (Phuc Kieu) attempts to rape, rob man leaving ATM, Gainesville police say
Pennsylvania Town Protest Ugly Christmas Tree
Infomercial king Tony Robbins wants to be the next Suze Orman
Kidnapped Garden Gnome Finally Returns After Cross-Country Travels
Bothered by bathroom odors? Wisconsin-based Kohler introduces no-smell toilet seat
"Get Me Off Your Fucking Mailing List" is an actual science paper accepted by a journal
Even Global Warming Can't Convince Republicans That Global Warming Exists
WW II practice bomb turned in to Waterloo police in weapon amnesty
Turkish President: "I would kiss my mother's feet because they smelled of paradise."
Lawyer in Thomas Jefferson costume disbarred for 'inexplicable incompetence' after advising jury to execute client
Philadelphia 76ers Favored in zero of 69 games left on schedule
North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un drinking bottles of Snake wine in order to up his sperm count
Police: Man 'teaching child how to cross street' gets kid hit by car
Strip Club Owner's Medical Marijuana Dispensary OK'd By City
Report: Fan Asks Johnny Manziel For Hug, Sparks Huge Brawl
Police rescue woman from fire generated by attempt at kindness
Fan wanted hug from Johnny Manziel, gets punched by entourage
N.H. Woman Goes Directly to Jail After Allegedly Slapping Boyfriend Over Monopoly Game
People raid abandoned Doritos truck stuck in snowstorm
Giant prehistoric rock found in ground at construction site (Everett, WA)
Hotel offers free rooms for popular social media users
Why You May Want To Try Gluten-Free Makeup
Ottawa store owner buys very large piece of cheese
Naked man goes on a rampage at Logan airport, attacks elderly man
China cesspool blast injures 15
Father accused of forcing boy to live in box found not guilty
Contraceptive Pill Acts As "Beer Goggles", Making Unattractive Men Seem More Attractive
Man from Kansas tried to vacuum out his fart but instead sucked out part of his intestines.
Police rescue woman from house fire sparked by attempt at kindness
Thieves use 100 dollar bills to steal peoples cars
Naked man falls through womens bathroom ceiling; assaults 84 year old
Venezuelan MP Claims: The Zionists Financed Hitler
Driver treats customers to round of wings after smashing into restaurant
Florida man accused of trying to rob and sexually assault a man near an ATM. The suspect's real name is Phuc Kieu.
Idiot burglars steal pile of '£50 notes'... only to find they are novelty tissues
Dozy burglars raid Hartlepool home to steal wad of £50 notes - only to find they were just novelty tissues
Pennsylvania city to replace 'sad' Christmas tree
Boy, 13, rapes classmate after sex education lesson
Bob Dylan Played a Live Show for Exactly One Person
Exploding excrement in China leaves 15 injured
Game controller takes your real blood whenever you lose
US Cops Almost Manage Two Whole Months Without Shooting A Black Teenager
Thanksgiving for the 1% at Old Homestead in New York
In Utah, You're More Likely to be Shot Dead by a Cop Than a Criminal
Mango ghosts? Exorcists called in to deal with school spirit
23-Year-Old Student Caught Having Sex With Sheep Says 'Stressed from School'
Man named "Phuc Kieu" tries to sexually assault passerby.
TSA takes a sensible approach to security:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan to feminists: equality is contrary to nature
Exploding Excrement Topples Building In China, Injuring 15
Two Charged With Terroristic Threatening Over Dog Poop
Map Shows How Likely You Are to Step in Poop
'Phuc Kieu' to be charged with sexual battery in Florida.
Transgender woman buried by family as a man at Idaho funeral
Stolen Ebola Blood 'Lost for Good' Says Guinea
School kids are blaming Michelle Obama for their "gross" school lunches
Restaurant Decides Not To Fire Teen Who Asked For Time Off For Cancer Treatment
Watching the Ferguson broadcast live on Youtube was not the best idea...
McDonald's creates bubble-gum-flavored broccoli to appeal to children
Hungry drunk man steals bread sticks
Physicists solve mystery of why cats rule, dogs drool
Покупка дома - Новая Зеландия / Как купить дом в Новой Зеландии
Sarasota High student arrested over leading an underage prostitution ring
This bus runs on human poop
New York City Restaurant Serves Up $35000 Thanksgiving
Tower Bridge glass walkway shatters after visitor drops a beer bottle on it
Police: 'Naked man breaks into homes to touch women's buttocks'
Feminists Shove Crucifixes Up Their Anuses To Express Their Hatred Toward God
Overturned furniture to star in Serpentine's new exhibition
This woman went directly to jail for beating up her boyfriend over a game of Monopoly.
Salon is about to unleash something called a "vagina facial"
What Obama's Hugs Meant
Blink-182 singer says streaming music is like killing elephants
Ferguson is getting way ugly with all these fires
HBO Hires 160 Lawyers for Scientology Film (x-Post from /r/scientology)
Poo Bus - Public transportation fueled by human waste
Egyptian president says his regime is ready to protect Israel
online advertising network, server, premium ad, worldwide advertisement, website monetization in USA
Plan To Use Gulf Oil Spill Funds For Beach Hotel Stirs Debate
Lithuania's Minister of Health suggested poor Lithuanians suicide as "a way out of poverty"
Pooh Faces Park Ban For 'Hermaphrodite' Looks: Cartoon bear has a "dubious sexuality" and is always half-naked, making him an unsuitable role model for kids, politicians say.
Police in Utah kill more people than gang members do
House Republicans Now Also Covering Up Benghazi Scandal
Auction for signed Lucozade orange drink at £2.5m, for teenager raising funds for University
Poop-powered bus hits British roads
Got loads of Facebook friends? You can stay in this exclusive hotel for FREE | The AndroidHippo Blog
There Was a Fight at a 24-Year-Old Romanian Guy's Funeral After All His Lovers Found Out He Had HIV
Fake footballer plays as Argentina legend Claudio Caniggia in charity match
YouGov tells us that Glastonbury Festival people are 60+ men who eat gooseberry crumble
Xbox controller 'sucks blood out of players' arms' when they are shot
Frenchman Quits ISIS Because He Couldn't Handle Its Smoking Ban
South Korean authorities ban selfie sticks
Putin's tiger the main suspect in mystery China goat deaths
Now if that's not a face that says "I'll abandon a woman in labor to bang a patient in the next room", I don't know what is.
Ferguson livestreamer has his phone stolen while broadcasting protests
G.O.P. Unveils Immigration Plan: "We Must Make America Somewhere No One Wants to Live"
High School Offers Controversial Police Workshop
Dead Raisers, a traveling band of evangelical resurrectors
Airline changes flight number after psychic predicts crash
No More Golden Toilets: Rich Russians' Taste in Real Estate Is Changing
The teenager who snacks on SPONGES due to rare disorder
Man named Phuc Kieu tries to 'sexually assault, rob' passerby.
Blackberry Will Pay IPhone Users Cold Hard Cash To Switch
COLUMBIA, SC: Man accused of killing police dog sentenced to 35 years
Square Enix will reveal a new console RPG that isn't a remake in December
There's Finally A Dedicated Hashtag Key For Macs
Nurse who had Ebola asks bridal shop for refunds
Siberian tiger released by Vladimir Putin suspected of multiple goat killings in China
David Moyes shouts "Stefano!" at his Real Sociedad team... Real Sociedad don't have any players called Stefano
North Korea Threatens 'Nuclear War' to Defend it's Human Rights Record
#Ferguson Protesters Vandalize 100 Year-Old CIVIL RIGHTS MEMORIAL
Phelps girlfriend was raised as a boy, underwent sex change
Outfit Repetition Syndrome (brought on by 'social media peer pressure') is a real thing now.
North Korea says Ferguson now makes U.S the laughing stock of the world
Ferguson Protestors Vandalize 100-Year-Old Civil Rights Memorial
North Korea: Ferguson shooting proves U.S. is "graveyard of human rights"
Real life story: I've blown £10,000 because I won't wear the same outfit twice
Ted Nugent's lesson from Ferguson: Obey cops Read more at http://rare.us/story/ted-nugents-lesson-from-ferguson-obey-cops/#yuj0BEwCjLFATZfI.99
Exit sign on 710 Freeway misspells Olympic Boulevard as 'Olimpic'
Big coal fakes social media campaign to pressure G20
Vegetarian loses lettuce eating contest to a guinea pig
Do you want faith with that? New crowd-funding campaign aims to bring McDonald's to church
Bad Americans Can't Stop Weeping Over This Messed-Up Convenience Store
Bomb squad, hazmat crew, 3 police agencies, and FBI called to Middle Tennessee State University in response to bucket with handwritten note reading "do not open-ebola"
Why Restaurants in Saudi Arabia Are Banning Women
Halle Berry gets court order banning ex-boyfriend from straightening their daughter's hair
Neo Nazi's involuntarily take part in a walk-a-thon to raise money against themselves
Welp, A Lego Strip Club Is A Thing That Exists
Police: Robbers apologetic upon learning victim has nothing to steal
The Schizophrenic Programmer Who Built an OS To Talk To God
Louisville basketball coack Rick Pitino: "We played four white guys and an Egyptian" to try to avoid blowout win over Savannah State
Student mugged, says he deserved it because of his 'privilege'
Kean University students question need for $219,000 conference table
White supremacy lives on: Ferguson decision confirms absence of legal and moral justice
Seattle mayor pardons 'Tofurky' named after Washington apple
Conference of Rabbis Claims to Have Taken the 'World's Biggest Selfie' - Crown Heights
Twitter CFO accidentally tweets acquisition plan
DC Comics Thwacks Valencia FC With Attempted Batman Logo Ban
Darren Wilson releases 'thank you' letter
Iggy Pop: 'I twerk around the house with my wife'
Toronto-area police reviewing tips after man accused of licking strangers' feet
DC Comics sue Valencia CF over 'bat' logo on badge
Exploding excrement topples building in China
Ashley Madison CEO: 'I'm One of the Most Important Feminists That the World Has Seen'
Nuclear Attack From Aliens Eradicated Life On Mars, Physicist Claims
Why on Earth Did This Woman Inject Dog Pee into Her Breasts?
Rick Pitino Played '4 White Guys and an Egyptian' to Prevent Running Up Score
New Gaming Controller Literally Drains Your Blood
A day off for 'Festivus'? It could happen
Sunday morning inconvenient for church services ... says Church of England - Telegraph
U.S. Buys Up Ebola Gear, Leaving Little For Africa
Bleeding naked man assaults elderly man at airport.
Source: Billy Joel says Obama invited him for a smoke at White House
OK Go plans to release an album as DNA
Guy Sues Disney For Not Letting Him Build A Working X-Wing And Making $930 Million
Rapper with no criminal record to face life in prison for lyrics
Strange but true: Seals found sexually assaulting penguins. The first time marine biologist William Haddad and his team saw a seal rape a penguin, they were shocked.
3 police agencies, hazmat crew, bomb squad, and FBI respond to bucket labeled "Do not open - ebola" on campus of Middle Tennessee State University
Ethiopia hopes to set world record for HIV tests
Florida man pulls back gun hammer to threaten wife, dog - then accidentally shoots self in face
PAC12 Officially Calls PAC12 Officials Incompetent
Man accidentally shoots himself during argument
Rick Pitino on Louisville's blowout: 'We played four white guys and an Egyptian'
Room service? Presidential turkeys await pardon at historic D.C. hotel
Bill Cosby Falls From #3 to #2,615 in List of Most Trusted Celebrities
Bizarre footage shows LAMB CHOP orbiting the Earth after being sent into SPACE
Controller that draws blood every time you get shot in a video game
Man who stabbed pal over pirate jokes is acquitted
The Convenience Store Michael Brown Allegedly Robbed Was Looted Last Night
Haters Call Pumpkin-Spice Craze an 'Epidemic'
Doctor 'drunk at work, wrote lewd notes on medical charts and left woman in labour to have sex with patient'
Couple adopts 8 boys all from the same family (X-post from r/news)
Is dyed armpit hair the next big beauty trend?
3 police agencies, hazmat crew, bomb squad, and FBI respond to campus of Middle Tennessee State University due to bucket labeled "Do not open - ebola"
Frenchman develops pills to make flatulence smell of roses
McMass Project Aims to Put McDonald's Restaurant in a Church
Privacy chief for NSA: 'This is a real job'
Home run ban for ballpark?
Seeing as Reddit is interested in Bert and Ernie today I thought I would share a story from my own country, Northern Ireland, where recently the decision of a bakery to not bake a cake featuring Bert and Ernie made national news for weeks with numerous high ranking politicians getting involved.
Poor people 'have fewer teeth' than rich, study suggests
Frenchman's Flatulence Pills 'Make Unpleasant Whiffs Smell Like Roses'
In Seattle, tofu turkeys get Thanksgiving pardons
Face-Slapping Business Shutters in San Francisco
An armed man wearing a fedora was not taken seriously when trying to rob a pharmacy. Instead he was ignored and left the crime scene empty handed (x-post /r/news)
Would-be robber in fedora not taken seriously (xpost r/news)
Brown's stepfather: 'Burn this bitch down!'
Against all odds, China Daily bravely manages to lower its journalistic standards
"COP BLOCKER" KORY WATKINS HIT BY DRUNK DRIVER AFTER PROTESTING POLICE SAFETY CHECKPOINT
UPDATE: Police suspect bath salts use by Falmouth teen charged with naked break-ins as parents' home burns
Ex-Director Of 'Pray Away The Gay' Group Weds His Male Partner
Woman Wearing 'I Love Crystal Meth' Shirt Arrested, For Meth
Cops Pose As Pizza Delivery Guys To Arrest Robbers Using Stolen Credit Card
North Korea Says U.S. Is A 'Graveyard Of Human Rights' Regarding Ferguson Grand Jury Decision
Darren Wilson tells ABC he has a 'clean conscience,' and would shoot Michael Brown again
Boy Scouts -- Model of Masonic Subversion?
Would-be robber in fedora not taken seriously.
HBO to make film of Scientology book, hires 160 lawyers
Coca-Cola enters dairy market with 'Milka-Cola'
Aaron Hernandez double murder trial delayed because of his other murder trial.
And Now They Blame Ferguson On The Jews
Kendra: I didn't know I had to have sex with Hef
Canadian pro-Ferguson rally organizers ask 'whites' to stay in background
Thai Junta Drags Away Students Over 'Hunger Games' Salute
Man dressed as Santa Claus robs Melbourne post office
B.C. Protesters Blame Traffic Jams On Too Many Immigrants
Ku Klux Klan Chapter Now Accepting Jews
Video update: Protestors blame immigration numbers for traffic woes
Just a banana for scale!
Mystery of Why Cats and Dogs Drink Water So Differently Solved
Mom fakes son's cancer, gets $25,000 in donations
Kickstarter cancels game that draws blood every-time you are shot in game
Sunday Mornings too Inconvenient for Church... Says Church of England
Just bought weed for the first time... is it laced or...?
Mississippi Overturns Gay Marriage Ban
Authorities: No Threat From Suspicious Bucket Found At MTSU
HBO hires 160 lawyers in preparation for Scientology documentary release. [r/news]
French inventor develops tablets to make flatulence smell of roses
bohat siya hai ye rat lakin - faiz ahmed faiz
Man Arrested; Deputies Say He Aimed Banana At Them
No One Takes Fedora-Wearing Robber Seriously At A Spanish Pharmacy
No One Takes This Fedora-Wearing Crook Seriously During This Attempted Robbery
Crowd of NY Ferguson Protestors Chants 'F*ck CNN!' on CNN
Self-proclaimed comedian arrested for pointing banana at cops
The Pros and Cons of Being Black in America in 2014
Kickstarter suspends Canadians' Blood Sport, a gaming system that draws real blood
Mississippi overturns same-sex marriage
The Nebraska Cornhuskers Coaching Staff Comes Strong With Their Hand-Turkeys This Year for Thanksgiving
Seattle man named Taylor Swift inundated with pop star's fan mail
Assistant principal punishes student by shaving his head in the cafeteria.
Poll finds racial divide over Wilson charges
Drunk girl attacks disabled old guy, gets stabbed in the butt
You should come to my house and eat cheeses with me': 4-year-old sends adorable love letter to girl at school.
40 Percent of Russian Girls Lose Virginity Before Reaching Age of Consent
Pope Francis warns 'bureaucracy is crushing Europe'
Men dress as monsters and wrestle!
Drunk female teenager attacks disabled male elder, gets stabbed in the butt
Siberian airliner passengers help push icebound jet to runway
Top bureaucrat issues order to investigate himself
Louis Vuitton Outlet,Louis Vuitton Outlet Store
aa punjabi funny clip
Russian passengers 'push-start' plane frozen by extreme Siberian weather (Video)
TGIFridays Launches New Mistletoe Drone - Hovers Over Couples and Records "The Moment"
Putin's Tiger goes on Goat-Killing Spree in China
Social media manager launches one-button hashtag key for struggling Mac users
Rich Tea: Expert's Tastebuds Insured For £1m
'Roofie Colada' Dessert Leaves Bad Taste in Restaurant-Goers' Mouths
Research says erect gay penises are bigger
Drones and Mistletoe: What Could Go Wrong?
Russia Wants to Use Blimps for Mail Deliveries
McDonald's Has Released An App To Protect Your French Fries
West Island man's toilet explodes while city crew cleans sewers
Putin's Tiger Suspected Of Going On Goat-Killing Spree In China
'Fart pill' gives gas 'the scent of chocolate'
Let's Kick a Slothful Poor Person This Thanksgiving
Bus company refuses to sell tickets to passengers with a certain zip code.
17-Year-Old Arrested for Running Prostitution Ring Via Facebook
Russian airline passengers asked to push plane at freezing Siberian airport
Putin's tiger kills 15 goats in northeast China
Woman Steals Car, Unintentionally Levels a Building
Bengals' Devon Still owes child support: daughter's mom
The CIA and Homeland Security want to delete almost all their emails
One button hashtag key to end Mac users torment
The U.S. Potato Board Asked How Potatoes Fit Into Millennials' Lives
12% of Black Friday Shoppers Will Be Drunk
CrossFit Is Now Officially 'RossFit' As Rick Ross Has Lost 100 Pounds (Photos)
When a Black Cop Killed an Innocent White Man in Utah, the Press Was Silent
Bollywood star Veena Malik sentenced to 26 years in prison for 'blasphemous TV programme'
Georgetown University student mugged at gunpoint says he is unable to criticize attackers 'from my perch of privilege'
Australia now has Cyber Police
Putin's Tiger Kills 15 Chinese Goats
Vishwa Hindu Parishad now opposes Santa Claus giving chocolates to kids during Christmas(X-post /r/india)
Man demands 238 years of records from sheriff's office
Tetley insures taste buds of its $1.6 million 'tea tester'
Georgetown student laments his privilege after being mugged at gunpoint
Another School Suspends Frats After Bros Wave Dildos at Rape Protesters
A Mystery Shitter Has Declared War on a Cornwall Swimming Pool
'Think it's unusally warm outside? Then you must be left-wing: Climate change beliefs affect how we perceive the weather, study claims'
Seattle Mayor Pardons Tofurky
Poo Power: Bus Runs On Gas From Human Waste
See Spot relax: Pet massage gaining popularity
Bob Dylan plays concert for one fan
Man arrested; deputies say he aimed banana at them - SFGate
Russian passengers give frozen aircraft a push
Houston pastor refuses to bury 93-year-old woman who didn't tithe enough while in a coma
Putin's killer tiger in cross-border raid
Birth of cow causes French side's 20-0 defeat | Purely Football
Pastor refuses to bury long-time member over lack of tithes
Halle Berry Gets Legal Ruling Saying Ex Can No Longer Straighten or Lighten Daughter's Hair
Man finds moose calf, takes it to Tim Hortons
SDSU suspends all frat activities after members wave dildos, throw eggs at rape protesters
Bollywood actress Veena Malik sentenced to 26 years in jail for blasphemy after appearing in mock TV wedding scene
Canadian man rescues a newborn moose named Oliver and drives it to Tim Hortons before taking it to a calf shelter
Michael Brown Sr.'s Church Burned in Ferguson
'Reincarnation of Jesus' surgeon suspended
Stop eating cats and dogs say animal rights campaigners in Switzerland
Jimmy Page cites performing with Leona Lewis as his greatest achievement outside of Led Zeppelin
French inventor claims his pills make farts smell like chocolate
James Cameron says the 'Avatar' sequels will make you 'shit yourself with your mouth wide open'
Nigel Farage's own children would be classed as 'migrants' under new UKIP policy
Is St. Louis County Prosecutor Robert McCulloch Helping Raise Money for Ofc. Darren Wilson?
Putin released a Siberian tiger into the wild - now it's tormenting Chinese farmers
Man arrested for pointing banana at deputies
New species of dinosaur discovered lying forgotten in a museum
Man Faces Felony Charge Over Aiming Banana At Deputies
Follow Wired Twitter Facebook RSS The Violence in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Is Actually Good for Teens
Alyssa Ferraro Allegedly Assaulted Boyfriend Over Monopoly Game
Whites and non-blacks told to stay in the back and hide during rally for Michael Brown.
Woman Charged With Assaulting Boyfriend Over Monopoly Game
Prediksi Wolfsburg vs Everton 28 November 2014 | Citibet88.net
Scott Stapp says he's broke, living in a Holiday Inn, and "under attack"
Colorado man arrested for pointing a banana at deputies
Beijing store 'bans Chinese customers'
Protestors torched Michael Brown family's church during Monday night's Ferguson protests as pastor blames white supremacists
Backstreet Boy's hair doctor declares he's the son of God in bizarre rampage at 9/11 Museum
Man arrested after aiming banana at deputies
Man from Fruitvale, Colorado arrested for pointing banana at sheriff deputies.
James Cameron: Avatar Sequels Will Make You "Shit Yourself"
North Dakota Names Landfill After Obama
Chinese man leaps to his death during five-hour shopping trip with girlfriend
New Thai tourism strategy: 'I Hate Thailand'
Reggie Bush Compares Mike Brown To Palestinians
Mississippi overturns same-sex marriage ban.
Bruce Grobbelaar says Simon Mignolet is 'worse than Dracula' with crosses
Christian Poincheval Invents Pill That Makes Farts Smell Like Chocolate
Man Dead After Driving in Circles, Crashing
Frenchman develops scented flatulence pills
R. Kelly: "Bill Cosby's a Pervert That Belongs in Jail"
Understanding the true tale of Linda Jacobs and what was found in her kitchen.
Man arrested for felony after deputies say he aimed banana at them
A Fruitvale man aimed a banana at deputies during arrest
"Brit's vision of Black Friday in America goes viral" - RT is reporting on a top photo from /r/funny
Need a horrible boyfriend? Man offers to be a bad date
HBO to make film about Scientology, hires 160 lawyers
Hunter who is blind goes on first deer hunt
Sesame Street Characters 'On Board' As NASA Counts Down to Orion's Test Flight
Brawny bearded brewers bare nearly all for charity
I started throwing smacks
Legendary London lamb chop enters stratosphere
Sarah Palin: "Thanksgiving is for Real Americans Not Indians"
'Heart Attack Grill' Owner Proudly Displays Dead Customer's Remains on TV
Request for whites to 'stand behind black folks' at vigil sparks debate
Hiker photographed bear before it killed him
'A condom for your phone': New app stops you drunk-calling your ex
Ravens rookie was late for meeting because he was marveling at snow
North Korea: Ferguson was a 'disgrace' and the United States is now 'laughingstock of the world'
James Cameron Says the AVATAR Sequels Will Be "Bitchin"
School Considered Canceling Nutcracker Trip to Protect Kids From Christmas Tree Exposure
Hiker Takes Tragically Chilling Cellphone Photos of 300-Pound Black Bear Stalking Him
Colorado Man Arrested For Pointing Banana At Police
Pokemon is killing Nintendo
Ryan Fitzpatrick regains role as Texans' starting QB, shaves beard
Pharmacy Robbery Denied After Fedora-Wearing Gunman Is Ignored
Not Just for Christmas: Swiss Urged to Stop Eating Cats and Dogs
China: Beijing store 'bans Chinese customers for being too annoying'
Indonesia's defeat by the Philippines upsets Norwegian porn star Vicky Vette, for some reason
Man dies after being stuck by cow
Passengers get out and push frozen plane in Siberia
Man charged for pointing a banana at deputies
When Its Army and Police Shoot at Each Other, Indonesia Fixes It by Partying Down
Obama pardons Mac & Cheese for Thanksgiving.
Man dies after being struck by cow
Australian woman swallowed by sinkhole while hanging up laundry
Obama pardons Mac and Cheese
Sex offender who had record dating back 50 years and had just been released from prison was caught on CCTV spending eight hours trawling around Toys R Us before targeting seven-year-old girl
Ferguson Protester Accidentally Burns Down Own House
Conservatives: Don't Let Obama Give State of the Union Address
Convicted sex offender prowls Toys R Us store
Sign Up for NaviNet.net to Manage Your Healthcare by Navinet Login
Teen accused of robbing 85-year-old 'sugar daddy' blames twin
Fantasy Date With Twins Turns Sour for Man, 84
Naked Harvard Student Who Allegedly Bit 84-Year-Old's Ear at Logan Held Without Bail
German researchers grow complete spinal cords in a petri dish.
German researchers have grown complete spinal cords in a Petri dish.
Fantasy Date With Twins Turns Sour for Manhattan Man, 84
White Ferguson Protester Lectures Black Cop On Racism
Aircraft passengers 'push-start' frozen plane in Russia's Arctic - Telegraph
Pokemon selling well killing Nintendo
90-Year-Old, 2 Pastors Charged With Feeding Homeless
Alleged Vandals Call Surf City Cops as Owner of Truck Splattered with Paint Gives Chase
Belichick on Brady, Rodgers: "They both wear #12"
Buccaneers' Stadium Caught Selling Colored Water As Alcohol
Residents asking why city smells like cat urine
Sex-for-dessert deal goes sour
Russia: Passengers 'get out and push' frozen plane
Businesses have $3,000 incentive to hire illegals
Bucs stadium caught selling non-alcoholic alcohol
Creed's Scott Stapp Says He's Living Out of Truck
Colorado Man Arrested for Brandishing a Banana at Police
Beijing store sparks racism row... by banning Chinese customers
Koala leaves its tree for the sea.
China: Beijing store 'bans Chinese customers'
Obama: Only Native Americans Can Legitimately Object to Immigration
Russian Lawmaker Wants French Wine Ban After Paris Suspends Mistral Delivery
Gang leader impregnated 4 prison guards while running contraband scheme, authorities say
The Gaming Industry's Greatest Adversary Is Just Getting Started
Miley Cyrus Rode A Mechanical Penis For Her Birthday
Grumpy cat: Hollywood icon?
Oops: After Threatening Hacker With 440 Years, Prosecutors Settle for a Misdemeanor
Passengers PUSH their plane after its brakes froze in Russia
Stuck russian plane gets a push from passengers
Cat Leaves 27,000 Crimeans Without Electricity
US warns about spyware that many believe it wrote
Leipzig police seek testicle biter
Substance abuse social worker caught honking on her crack pipe while driving on the interstate with a kid in her car
48GF555 worm gear motor 24V DC 70RPM - China worm gear motor
12 year old Tamir Rice shot 'within two seconds' of police arrival
Bubonic Plague Outbreak Spreads in Madagascar
Columbia, South Carolina police have a police car with rims, and an upgraded sound system, paid for by you, the taxpayer.
Thai students get arrested for flashing the Katniss' " Hunger Games" salute
High-speed internet spreads evil, says prominent Russian Orthodox cleric
13 dead at Venezuela prison after inmates binge on drugs
Bollywood star Veena Malik handed 26 year sentence for 'blasphemous' wedding scene
One Woman Rescues 3,000 Babies From Abortion
Report: Babies switched at birth cannot be returned to biological parents
In executive 'amnesty' move, Obama pardons turkeys 'Mac' and 'Cheese'
Police Gunned Down A 12-Year-Old And Somehow Local News Decided To Run Story About Father.
80-Year-Old Army Vet and Cancer Survivor, Mercilessly Beaten By Police Who "Feared For Their Lives"
Sinkhole shuts down building that houses university's geology department
UKIP mistakes Westminster Cathedral for mosque
Oops: UKIP thought Westminster Cathedral was a mosque
Man Invents Pill That Makes Farts Smell Like Chocolate
Seattle mayor pardons turkey made of tofu
Colorado man arrested after pointing banana at officers like a gun
The Smashing Pumpkins Now Selling 'F*ck You Anderson Cooper' Shirts
Activists call for ban on eating cats and dogs
Warning: Cute "Madagascar" Cartoon Penguins Are Actually Rapists
Ninja school 104,Hack Ninja school 104 auto x2 tu danh miễn phí
Walmart Again Holds Food Drive for Own Underpaid Workers
Man arrested for pointing banana at cops
Police: Snowball dispute leads to attempted murder
Tiger released by Putin kills 15 goats in northeast China
LDS Business College student 'humiliated' to wear beard exception card around neck
MP retracts release that he wears camera to avoid 'besmirchment'
Vodka-Infused Turkey: Your Solution to Thanksgiving Sobriety
The World's First Vegan Butcher Shop Is Set to Open in Minneapolis
Alleged serial foot-licker turns himself into police.
Parents offended by "Nutcracker" Christmas tree
Surprisingly well-fed homeless man puts ad in newspaper for somewhere to go on Thanksgiving. Dozens of families respond.
James Cameron says new Avatar movies will be "bitchin'," make you "shit yourself"
Harvard Extension Student Allegedly Fell Naked Through Bathroom Ceiling, Bit Man's Ear Off
Fruitvale Colorado's finest fear for lives after man points banana at them
A sick, depraved prank was played on me, and I'm angry
Flying bear kills two
Med students aren't under too much stress, Quebec health minister says
Chris O'Neill-Yates: A sick, depraved prank was played on me, and I'm angry
Sheep flock to Eiffel Tower as French farmers cry wolf
World's worst humans wave dildos at anti-rape protesters
Foreign Employee Named Lawson Working at Lawson Convenience Store Blows Minds Across Japan
Radical Animal Rights Activists Hold a Funeral for a Frozen Chicken in a Grocery Store
Stuart Little leads art historian to long-lost Hungarian masterpiece
Most American presidents destined to fade from nation's memory
What it took to get Hillary Clinton to speak at UCLA: hummus, $300K, fruit, a new podium, a special cushion
Tennessee Titans QB Zach Mettenberger checks himself into selfie 'rehab'
Virginia Tech Players Horrified to Learn Mascot was Eaten During Team Thanksgiving Meal
Jackie Chan Blu-ray disc boosts solar panel efficiency by a massive 22%
New York Boys Building Snow Fort Buried by Plow: Police
Christian Bale says "Drones would be sent after Moses" if the Hebrew were alive today
Ukip mocked after mistaking Westminster Cathedral for mosque.
8 teens ambush driver, steal pizza, Volusia deputies say
Teen Wave Rave sabotaged by "Phantom Pooper"
Former leader of 'gay cure' group marries same-sex partner
84-Year-Old's Date With Teen Twins Turns Into Nightmare: Cops
Oregon police dog fired for poor performance
Former Creed Singer Scott Stapp Broke, Living At Holiday Inn
'Dog sat on my accelerator' speeding driver is jailed
Alleged tanning salon shoe-stealer and foot-licker arrested
All Of President Obama's Pardoned Turkeys Are Dead
Smashing Pumpkins Sell "Fuck You Anderson Cooper" T-Shirts Featuring Cats in Bowties
He's ugly, old and disgusting': One of the teenage twin sisters accused of tying up and robbing 85-year-old man said the victim started 'to creep me out'
Teen Brain Shuts Down When It Hears Mom's Criticism
The Pentagon is renaming "Illegal Combatants" as "Unprivileged Belligerents."
Dawn of the ducks: Quacking invaders menacing Burin residents
Ghế chân quỳ | ghế họp chân quỳ | ghế hòa phát
EU parliament favors breaking up Google
Torrent Site 'Hijacks' MPAA's Movie Search Engine
Ferguson gives thanks after a quiet night
Rogue Richmond driver handed six-month driving ban - then drives home from court
Titans QB Zach Mettenberger says he went to selfie rehab
Police dog fired over performance.
Segregation suggested at Michael Brown Rally.
A McDonald's in a church? McMass wants to build one
Stuart Little helps long-lost Hungarian painting return home
Blood Sport video game draws real blood from players
Bizarre footage shows lamb chop orbiting Earth
Steve Hofmeyr beaten by puppet in magistrate's court
Nintendo Amiibo Figure Somehow Opens Subway Gate
vigilantes serve up justice with whips made from bull penises
China's Latest Crackdown: Puns
Dead flying hamsters attached to balloons land on children as bizarre Russian circus trick backfires
Mandatory course for North Korean students: Three-year study of Kim Jong-un
Ferguson Protesters Call to Boycott Businesses on Black Friday 'Unless They Are Black-Owned'
Condemned at the UN for rights abuses, North Korea hit back Friday, describing the United States as a human rights "tundra" where racial discrimination flourishes
Swedish women vote on stimulating word
Sex-quest: Swedish women come together to find word for female masturbation
Family gives chase after dementia patient steals hearse with body inside
Chung cư tam trinh
Swedish group wants to give female masturbation a better name
Author sues Disney for 250 million, claiming Frozen is based on her life
Ukip thought Westminster Cathedral was a mosque - oh dear
Biologists disturbed to find seals in Britain seemingly killing porpoises for fun
Mua Đồng Hồ Nam Đẹp Dễ Dàng Nhất Dành Cho Bạn
Children's water disco may be axed because of mystery yob who keeps POOING in pool
Out-of-Body Experiment in Khabarovsk Leads to Manslaughter
Shia LaBeouf: I was raped during performance art project
Want Your Farts To Smell Like Chocolate? France's Hippie Santa Claus Has The Miracle Pill For You.
President's Announcement of Health-Care Numbers Angers Opponents of Math
Nowhere to Pun Amid China Crackdown
7 reasons Cyber Monday is better than Black Friday
Thai junta blocks Human Rights Watch website page
Britain outdoes 'Merica: Black Friday Edition
Introduction of Black Friday to the UK deemed "overwhelming success".
Student photographs bear just before it eats him
China bans wordplay in attempt at pun control
Ravens rookie was late to team meeting because he was building a snowman
Tải Game Hiệp sĩ Online 042 Hack Premium V2 Chuyển Khu Nhanh miễn phí
Ravens rookie late to team meeting because he was making a snowman
Spanish theatre group turns porn seller to bypass tax hike on ticket sales
McDonald's in a church? It might just be the next big thing
A Kenyan kid turns his friends' poop into clean energy
Human Poop-Powered Rocket May Fly Man to the Moon in the Future
Japan paper Yomiuri Shimbun retracts 'sex slaves' references
Golden retriever refuses to participate in stupid dog event, eats all the food.
The 'crass insensitivity' of Tower's luxury dinner for arms dealers, days after poppy display
Driver Who Blamed Dog For Speeding Is Jailed
Switzerland Should Ban Dog Sausages and Cooked Cat, Group Says
Pig boards plane, is asked to leave for being disruptive
United Russia Aide Falls to Death From 18th Story of Moscow High-Rise
Overexcited Russian Zoo Visitors Give Reef Shark a Nervous Breakdown
Black Friday Shoppers Brawl Over Barbies, Tablets, Lingerie
Elderly man beaten with own oxygen tank in Ferguson
Ugly French tourists wanted for luring, kicking squirrel into Grand Canyon
Cannon Beach police dog fired over performance
Man tells deputies aiming a banana was stunt; he's jailed, anyway
Children Outlawed From High-Fiving Crossing Guards
Man arrested after pointing banana at police
White Ribbon Day overestimates reported rapes eight-fold
Elderly man attacked with his own oxygen supply and carjacked by protesters in Ferguson
Beijing store bans Chinese shoppers
Cops "fearing for their lives" arrest man pointing deadly banana
Was the comet landing a hoax? Here's why the internet thinks so...
Life On Mars Was Eradicated By Nuclear War Says Expert
Shia LaBeouf: I was raped
Tofu Turkeys Get Thanksgiving Pardons From Seattle Mayor Ed Murray
Masturbating Passenger Causes Premature Landing For Virgin Flight
Casino Live 338A - Tidak Biasanya Asuhan Maurinho Mencakup Lima Gol Di Jerman
Redskins Thanksgiving tweet sparks backlash
White cop mistakes black cop for criminal: kills him.
North Korea brands US a human rights tundra after Ferguson protests, says Americans are like 'cannibals seeking pleasure in slaughter'
Shia LaBeouf Conducts Hourlong Silent Interview
Thief who 'robbed pensioner with knife' is stripped and clingfilmed to a lamppost
Man Arraigned For Naked Fall From Ceiling, Alleged Assault At Logan Airport
Arrested for stealing $6,400 in sausage
Christian 'branding agency' seeks $1 million for 'McMass' project to put McDonald's in churches
Patients who wake up during surgery report feeling very scared
St. Louis Bomb Plot Fails
SHOCK REPORT: St. Louis Bomb Plot Fails Because of Maxed Out EBT Card
Why kids can't high-five in Peterborough, Ont.
North Korea Slams US By Calling It 'Graveyard Of Human Rights' Over Ferguson Teen Shooting
Boyfriend Stabbed for Eating Thanksgiving Dinner Too Early
Obama defends legal authority to pardon turkeys
Suspicious bucket at MTSU determined to be student prank
James Watson selling Nobel prize 'because no-one wants to admit I exist'
Religious group wants to build McDonald's in a church
The North Korean Walter Whites funnelling crystal meth into China
Man injured by Amsterdam pop-up toilet
Black Friday breaks Best Buy site
Here's Proof Pigs Actually Do Fly (Almost)
PUTIN WEIGHS IN ON ROBOTS, SEX FOLLOWING INTERNET CONFERENCE
Man stabbed in the chest after eating Thanksgiving dinner without his girlfriend
Why Many Public Toilets in London are Turning into Cafes
Man accused of biting off cabbie's nose has history of biting
Area man stabbed for starting Thanksgiving dinner too early
Black Panthers Unable To Buy Bombs Because EBT Card Didn't Have Enough Money
Girl, 9, arrested for hitting younger sister in the head
Ray Rice Signed Already
TGI Friday's spices up the holidays with mistletoe drones
Shia Lebouf is claiming he was raped
Kickstarter suspends funding for Xbox controller that draws real blood
TGI Fridays launches flying mistletoe drones for the holidays
Ray Rice wins suspension appeal
Shia LaBeouf Claims He Was Raped During His Performance Art Project #IAMSORRY.
A police sergeant putting away police horses for the night shot the suspect with one hand while holding two horses by the reins in the other
Toddler accidentally shoots Army veteran mom dead as she changes baby's diaper
Man Points Banana At Deputies, Arrested For Menacing
Cannon Beach police dog "Cash" fired for poor performance
Details about the downtown shooter including videos of him playing with ninja sai's and a samurai sword from youtube.
Deputy disciplined for pulling over bus to give son lunch: cops
Injuries, arrests as 'Black Friday' tradition hits UK
Black Friday Deals on the Darknet: Deals on Meth, Botox and More
Swiss group wants sausage dogs to be petted, not eaten
In Wisconsin, Black Friday shoppers come for beer
Gun sales boom on Black Friday
Baby's R Us apologizes for not letting mother breast feed.
Two Black Panther Members Unable To Buy Bombs Because EBT Card Didn't Have Enough Money
Swiss under pressure to ban the eating of dogs and cats
North Korea reveals rank of Kim Jong-un's little sister
Cops: Beau Who Ate Holiday Meal Early Gets Stabbed
Denver Police seize tablet, delete video of brutal arrest. But it had backed up to "the cloud".
Date with teen twins goes very badly for 84-year-old man
Christie Bows to Iowa's Pork Kings on Gestation Crates
Wonder if this guy hangs out on a certain subreddit?
Disruptive emotional support pig removed from plane
Bride in hospital, groom and best man charged after Hobart wedding brawl
Portland Police arrest 35 in Black Friday vegan strip club riot.
Turkey crashes through windshield, ends up as dinner for grateful family
Almost three background checks per second as gun sales boom on Black Friday
When pigs fly? Not on this US Airways plane
Man eats dinner in middle of street
North Korea slams US as racist, human rights 'tundra'
Dementia patient steals hearse with body inside from funeral
Women's desire for sex is complicated, study finds.
Isis fighters crave snacks and gadgets of the west they disdain
Black cop killed by white officer
Buy Used Car Rental
100,000 North Koreans protest UN's human rights resolution
Sensationalist claim by TV9 astrologer- Predicts likelihood of rape of women, by whom and where
WWE's McMahon predicts 'somebody is going to die' in the UFC
College recruiting gamers as athletes
Vladimir Putin wants Russia to have full access to Hollywood movies
"I needed some raisin toast." 13 year old boy rides bicycle home to make breakfast after being attacked by shark.
Cards Against Humanity calls bull**** on Black Friday, sells cow feces
Western Australian teen rides bike home and makes breakfast after being bitten by shark
Indiana road sign urges drivers to 'slow the f--- down'
$100k found in bag at Burger King; mystery remains a whopper
Jacklyn Blake Stabbed Boyfriend Who Ate Thanksgiving Meal Without Her: Cops
Pancakes for jihadists: ISIS shares new online cooking tips
Crossing Guards Not Allowed to High Five Kids in Canada
Historical Story: Jennifer & Cake Have Anistoned Hope To Score Best Actress Nomination
Passenger escorted off US flight after 80-pound 'emotional support' pig becomes disruptive
Woman and emotional support pig kicked off Conn. flight
Family chase stolen hearse to get body back for funeral
A 100 Percent Chance Of Puppy Hugs
What ridiculous things happened to you over the Thanksgiving holidays? Share them with us!
IKEA monkey crowdfunding campaign launched to buy him a new home | The AndroidHippo Blog
Mexican government asks kids to turn in toy guns to foster a culture of peace
All-Male Iowa Supreme Court Rules Firing Of Woman For Being Too Attractive Was Legal
Rupert Murdoch Defends Moses Movie Casting: "Since When Are Egyptians Not White?"
Webcam Girl Sasha Pain Comes to Ferguson, Will Donate Sex Video Proceeds to Protesters
Residents of Reading, Pennsylvania, Demand Replacement for 'Ugly' Christmas Tree
Caucasian Cleveland Police Officers Sue City For Discrimination After Desk Assignment Following Shooting Death Of A Black Individual
Florida Police Shoot At Unarmed Man Speeding Home To Save His Daughter From Asthma Attack
Caucasian Cleveland Police Officers Sue City For Discrimination After Desk Assignment Following Shooting Death Of Unarmed Black Individuals
Group of Caucasian Cleveland Police Officers Sue City, Department Leaders For Discrimination For Treatment Following Timothy Russell, Malissa Williams Shooting
Cop Questions Man for "Having Hands in Pockets" During Freezing Sub-Zero Weather
Lars von Trier Doesn't Know If He Can Make More Films Now That He's Quitting Drinking
Woman Kicked Off Plane For Bringing "Disruptive" Pig As Emotional Support
Boy Missing for 4 Years Found in 'False Wall' in Georgia Home
Belgium: A blind man identifies a body in the morgue by licking it
'Want to go somewhere, but don't know where?' - Malaysia Airlines sorry for insensitive tweet
Woman calls the police after receiving fake poop in the mail from a gag gift company.
US Airways kicks disruptive emotional-support pig off plane
Man, 20, raped centenarian as afterthought, police say
School playground evacuated over 'unusually aggressive' grey squirrel
US Airways says pig not allowed to fly after becoming disruptive
Favourite food of Daesh militants? Pringles, of course
Florida State Trooper Brad Wagner Saves Woman Being Strangled By Own Seatbelt
Police: Man stabbed for eating Thanksgiving dinner without girlfriend
The World's Deadliest Terrorist Group Issues Pancakes Recipe
Buddy from High School Faces Felony Charge Over Aiming Banana At Deputies
Someone I Know Faces Felony Charge Over Aiming Banana At Deputies
Prediksi Southampton vs Manchester City 30 November 2014 | Citibet88.net
Seth Richardson's hearse stolen from Blue Mountains funeral
House Passes Bill that Prohibits Expert Scientific Advice to the EPA
A Persuasive Chart Showing How Persuasive Charts Are
Man injured as pop up toilet 'explodes' from the ground trapping him under flying scooter
Disruptive pig kicked off U.S. Airways flight
Thanksgiving, Ferguson, and All Things American
Hungry ISIS fighters just want their wives to cook pancakes
African King who rules his kingdom over Skype has royal treasure stolen from house in Germany
Creed frontman Scott Stapp blames Obama and the IRS for being broke and homeless
Busta Rhymes gets too hype, tumbles off stage during show
1 Mexican drug smugglers eaten alive by giant squids after boat sinks off California coast
Israeli cricket umpire killed by ball
Fox Pundits Opine Over The 'War On Walmart' In The Wake Of Black Friday Protests
UK school playground evacuated after 'unusually aggressive squirrel causes havoc'
"Purity Balls": father-daughter balls where the girls pledge their virginities to their dads and get a promise ring from him so she'll stay "pure"
Student Robbed at Gunpoint, Says He Deserved it Due to His 'Privilege'
Jake Gyllenhaal Caught Putting People To Sleep On Subway, Again
Discover how to fully customize,backup and protect your blog.Unlock the benefits of social media integration & search engine optimization...Speed things up,boost your stick rate and become mobile friendly,for more visitors and bigger profits.
Police uncover cannabis factory next to Bridgend HQ
Idiot SDSU Fraternity Members Waved Dildos And Threw Eggs At Students Marching For Sexual Assault Awareness
Flipboard CEO: We'll never make original content
Apparently the Nazis may have been just a 'bunch of nice guys'.
Busty Funk in Montreal
Ferguson Protesters Take Lead in TIME's Person of the Year Poll
14 Yrs After Receiving Shoebox Gift, Filipino Girl Marries Boy Who Sent it
Formula 1 Champion Lewis Hamilton is recording an R&B album.
Men: Want More Sex? Do The Laundry!
Pooping Pig And Its Owner Booted From Bradley Flight
FBI Investigating After Denver Cops Punch Unarmed Suspect Six Times, Trip Pregnant Girlfriend, Delete Video of Incident
Pricey, Possibly Bomb-Laden Property no Easy Sell
Passenger Leaves Flight After Emotional Support Pig is Disruptive
Printing 3D Sex Toys At UPS Is Now A Reality
UPS will let you 3D-print sex toys
Fanny Pack Mixup Unravels Massive Medicare Fraud Scheme
Cops Arrest Man for Pointing Banana at Them, Say They Feared For Their Safety
Popular Turkey Killed in Tunkhannock, PA
Former Enron CFO: "I wasn't thinking this was fraud"
Cops: Man fled crash scene because he 'didn't want to deal with his girlfriend yelling at him'
Unruly pig and owner kicked off flight
Boy missing four years found behind fake wall
9-year-old boy marries 62-year-old woman twice
Death row inmate's prison food complaint rejected
Boy missing from his mom for 4 years is found behind fake wall
David Miscavige believes that his followers are currently "witnessing a space time continuum where clocks stand still, and production hits levels that are are almost supernatural." Oh yeah also that "...a significant donation is all that stands between a great void where souls are lost forever"
Alleged Oinking Menace Gives Flying Pigs
The Economic Case Against Majoring in Fun Things
GOP Staffer Apologizes For Lecturing Obama Daughters To 'Show A Little Class'
NJ MAN FLED CRASH TO AVOID YELLING GIRLFRIEND
Navy Seeks to Reduce Suicide Incidents with New "Give Us Your Gun" Policy
Michigan man detained for walking with his hands in his pockets
Cricket balls cause death of two people in one week.
Cops rescue dog trapped in cat house
Michigan Man Detained - Walking Down Street with Hands in Pockets
Pig kicked off of US Airways plane
The internet stole my face: the men and women who become the avatars of a million strangers
Sasha, Malia unimpressed by turkey pardon
Minister staged obscene Commons debate for a BET: Tory says 'c**k' six times in lewd stunt to please sailor pals
NHS tells parents to feed their babies crisps and junk food
Pennsylvania Town Demands That 'Ugly' Christmas Tree Be Replaced
Mathematics used to treat problem gamblers
Tory MP admits making joke speech so she could say c**k in Parliament for DARE
Banter ban Norfolk teacher Mike Stuchbery leaves Lynn Grove High School
Death Grips Reveal 'Twilight' Star Robert Pattinson Played Guitar on 'Government Plates'
World's leading light on megalomaniacal psychopaths provides proof we're being slowly-genocided.
The Internet Stole My Face
Pig doesn't fly: airline bans 'disruptive' emotional support animal and owner
Indian jihadist 'kills 55 for ISIS, quits because no pay'
UK Police Accidentally Sent Documents Admitting To Spying On Journalists To Newspaper, Asked Not To Publish
These Homeopathy Doctors Are Angry They Weren't Allowed To Treat People With Ebola
Christmas trees are for sale!
Pigs Can't Fly. Swine Ordered Off Plane.
Why You Need Lincoln Auto Insurance
Asking where is the hashtag? Check out the Hashkey
Selfie sticks could bring jail time in South Korea
Swine Ordered Off Plane Because "Pigs Can't Fly!"
Dublin Priest warns against buying Ouija boards as gifts. "It's easy to open up evil spirits but it's very hard to get rid of them"
Who Really Likes the Police? Older, Richer, White, Conservative Republicans.
Police: Man robs bank after losing pay at casino
Black Friday Death Count
Why so many christmas songs are written by Jews
Man fled Vineland accident to avoid girlfriend's yelling, police say
If you want to become a policewoman in Indonesia, you have to be a virgin
Black Panther Members Wanted To Go On Bombing Spree, But Couldn't Because Their EBT Card Ran Out
ISIS shares a new pancake recipe
A Real-Life Arizona School District Is Tearing Pages Out of Biology Textbooks
Conservative minister says c**k six times in Parliament for smutty Navy bet
Children herded into school after 'aggressive' squirrel frightens pupils and scratches teacher
Steve Jobs awarded 141 new patents since his death
Bird Bomb? Afghan Police Kill Bird Bearing Antenna, Explosives
you can turn on this candelabrum only with credit card
NFL 'Legion of Boom' cornerback Richard Sherman presents Letters of Boom
Man arrested after pointing banana like handgun at police officers
London is putting trampolines on the street to help you get to work |
Game reviewer strikes back at male stalkers with a brilliant new ploy: Telling their moms
It Took Me Two Years to Realize My Boyfriend Was Racist
Is your child a prophet in the making?
This 77-year-old grandma can lift more than you
Surveillance video shows naked Alabama student 'high on LSD' moments before he was shot dead as he chased campus police officer
After Suffering Electric Shock, Russian Boy Develops 'Magneto' Superpowers
US top court weighs if online death threats protected by free speech
U.S. will use psych evaluations, stress tests to screen Syrian rebels for training
Monkey found in Ikea wearing sheepskin coat needs new home
Colombia starts sterilising Pablo Escobars hippos |
Silent man in werewolf mask shoots worker in California, witness says
GOP communication director tells First Teens to "dress like you deserve respect, not a spot at a bar" during Thanksgiving ceremony
Michigan Cop Stops Black Man for Walking With Hands in his Pockets in Freezing Weather
12 Senior Infants Being Treated For Shock After Older Kid Ruins Santa For Them
Dyeing Your Armpits Bright Colours Is Now a Thing
Duck Invasion Terrorizes Newfoundland's Burin Peninsula
Jailbreak of 87 inmates during an open day at the prison of Lantin, Belgium
Naked Mexican farmers take to the street in protest |
'Emotional support' pig kicked off US Airways flight
The world's deadliest terror group issues a pancake recipe
Forensic scientist uses secret technique to rehydrate mummified corpses from old homicides
Teen missing four years found alive, hidden behind wall near Atlanta
Rowdy, smelly pig kicked off D.C.-bound plane
Rowdy, smelly pig kicked off Plane
Of Course There Are Black Stormtroopers in Star Wars
Mean Girls Heartthrob Jonathan Bennett Breaks Two Ribs Doing Interpretive Dance To Bette Midler
Hundreds of thousands of Swiss people eat cat and dog meat - especially at Christmas report says.
Payroll Boss on Vacation, Black Friday Checks Late
UK politician: Gays have 20,000 sex partners in their 'short, miserable lives'
Government Studies Sexual Habits Of Obese Girls
College Student 'Can Hardly Blame' Those Who Robbed Him At Gunpoint Because of His White 'Privilege'
Vietnam detains blogger for 'bad' content
Random Acts of Pasta: Utah man uses unlimited pass to feed the homeless
Nashville Police Chief Refuses to Crack Down on Ferguson Protesters, No Violence Ensues
People Magazine Accidentally Publishes Kirk Douglas' Obituary
Manhunt Underway for Southern California Werewolf after Shooting.
Diversity On 'The Walking Dead' Wasn't Always Handled Well
Iraqi army 'had 50,000 ghost troops' on payroll
Crowdfunding campaign for a game that lets people you buy control over real human beings
Indian Isis Fighter Who Killed Dozens Returned Home 'Due to Low Pay from Militant Group'
St. Louis police think Ram's "don't shoot" gesture during intro is offensive
CLAY YARBOROUGH, GUARDIAN OF CIVIC VIRTUE, DOES NOT CARE FOR THOSE LADY PARTS, MOCA
Mickey Rourke's Boxing Win In Russia 'Fixed,' Opponent A Mentally Ill Homeless Person
Controversial 9-year-old supermodel Kristina Pimenova is being sexualized, critics say
New Zealand Muslim forms his own Islamic State
Officers in 2012 Cleveland police shooting sue city
Detroit's young gentrifiers face a daunting task in buying $500 homes: evicting poor residents
Missouri cops want 5 black NFL players disciplined for doing a "hands up don't shoot" gesture.
Kenyan marathoner runs 5 miles from cops, hides in closet to avoid sex crime charges, police say
Man tries to break in to police station.
Pizza Hut's New Subconscious Eye-Tracking Menu Lets Customers Order With Their Eyes
Oriental Trading Coupon 20 OFF - Get Coupon Code 20 OFF
Hawke's Bay Muslim forms own Islamic State
Pop-up toilet puts man in hospital
Ariana Grande Is Fully Aware That the Lyrics of 'Break Free' Make No Sense
Mansion in New Hampshire for sale for $250k. Only catch, could be full of booby trap explosives.
Mansion in New Hampshire for sale for $250k only catch, maybe be booby trapped with explosives.
Booby-Trapped Home For Sale In New Hampshire
UK government petition: Make wrongly describing a casserole with a pastry lid as a pie a criminal offence.
Officers sue Cleveland over 2012 police shooting
David Cameron blasts pigeons with shotgun because 'he misses killing deer'
Man attacked neighbor with bear-deterrent spray on Thanksgiving, prosecutors say
How the PS4 and Xbox have raised PC system requirements
Unreleased films feared filched in Sony attack; North Korea suspected
FDA rule to require chain restaurants to post calorie counts
BBC News - Iraqi army 'had 50,000 ghost troops' on payroll
Star Witness in Apple Lawsuit Is Steve Jobs
Vinyl record sales hit 18-year high
Justin Bieber 'abandons' puppy after not picking her up since February
"I cleaned toilets for ISIS in Iraq," ex-fighter reveals
Dawn of the ducks: Quacking invaders a menace to Burin residents
Selfie-stick sales outlawed in S Korea
Incessant Ice Cream Truck Jingles Force Neighbors into Meltdown
Gang of Italian plumbers donning Super Mario masks illegally connect homes of citizens who haven't paid their bills to the water supply
Ducks Terrorize Newfoundland Town
Great tits acquire taste for bats
'Beast of Hackney Marshes' is revealed to be huge Newfoundland dog owned by drummer from 90s band Kula Shaker
Afghan police kill bird bomb loaded with 'suspicious metal stuff'
Police group wants to punish young black men for saying "Stop don't shoot" with their hands up
Indian ISIS recruit goes home after having to clean toilets: reports
Gay Men Allowed To Donate Blood? FDA Panel To Discuss On Lifting The 30-Year Old Ban On Gay Men Donating Blood
This man tried to vacuum out his own farts. It ended badly.
Ukip's Former Deputy Leader, Lord Monckton: homosexuals sleep with up to 20,000 people in their "short, miserable lives"
Idaho police stop Oregonian driving in circles
Student snapped final photo before bear attack in New Jersey
Man lifts 80kg of bricks with his testicles, swings them around
Reindeer escapes from Christmas tree farm in Market Bosworth
Russia's Bodybuilders Feel the Strain of Tension With the West
Ferguson Protest: Police criticize St. Louis Rams for "tasteless and offensive" Mike Brown tribute
North Hempstead Considers Raising Dog Poop Fine To Match Mistake On Signs
Amateur pilot considers giving up flying after second air crash
The Ukrainian Revolution Now Has a Kickstarter Board Game
Indian IS recruit goes home after he's assigned to toilet duty instead of holy war
Rupert Murdoch Defends 'Exodus' Cast: "Since When Are Egyptians Not White?"
'Big Boned' Man Actually Just A Fat Bastard
Boat Named "Blazer" Sinks in 420 Feet of Oregon Water at 4:20 a.m.
Here's 'Star Wars' actor John Boyega's classy response to racist critics
Indian student went to join the Islamic State, but all he got was this lousy job cleaning toilets
Airline: 'Emotional support' pig kicked off flight for being disruptive
Michigan cop stops black man on street for walking with hands in his pockets during cold day
In Italy there's a gang of Super Mario themed masked plumbers who help reconnect people behind on their bills to the water supply, illegally
Angry French bosses take to the streets of Paris
Man explains why he filmed himself being eaten alive by an anaconda wearing snake-proof suit
Alcohol in supermarkets - the beginning of the end of B.C. civilization?
ALCOHOL SALES "COMING" TO B.C. GROCERY STORES IN SPRING 2015
Nip, tuck, click: Demand for U.S. plastic surgery rises in selfie era
Plumbers in Super Mario Masks Steal Water From Utility Companies
Dailymail writes about the new Star Wars teaser, while referencing moments from the "George Lucas Special Edition" spoof version.
Private Islands That Cost Less than a Manhattan Apartment
Student who travelled to Iraq to join IS quits after being put on toilet duty
Shia LaBeouf says he was raped during his art exhibit
Man Gets Drunk, Sets Police Horses 'Free'
White police officers involved in black couple's death sue Cleveland for racial discrimination
US Marine in a coma after racially motivated lynching in Mississippi. Where's Al Sharpton, Spike Lee and the NAACP now?
Ram shot and killed after attempted Thanksgiving day doorbuster
Man Stopped For Walking While Black With His Hands In His Pockets
Police Detain Michigan Man on Thanksgiving for 'Walking with Hands in Pockets'
St. Louis Police seek extra-judicial punishment for black men with hands raised in the air.
British MP Lost Bet, Had To Repeatedly Say 'C*ck' In Parliament Speech
Ponzi: Treasury Issues $1T in New Debt in 8 Weeks-To Pay Old Debt
30,000 bought 'literal poop' on Black Friday
Redskins offer Cyber Monday ticket deal that's only available by phone
Students' co-op shares a second, third, fifth Thanksgiving
Bachmann turns to BuzzFeed to say goodbye to Congress
GOP Staffer Who Attacked Obama Girls Was Arrested During Her Own "Awful Teen Years"
Police Shoot and Kill 12 Year Old Boy Holding Toy Gun
Feds Use 18th Century Law to Force Apple to Unlock Encrypted Phones
Arab-Jewish school, symbol of Jerusalem co-existence, torched
Steve Jobs will testify at Apple trial, despite dying in 2011
Lars von Trier fears he won't make more films now he is sober
Justin Bieber and dad Jeremy abandon THIRD pet - puppy called Karma
Disruptive Pig Ordered Off Plane
BuzzFeed hires Clickhole's Daniel Kibblesmith
A New Study Says the Color of Your Mug Can Make Your Coffee Taste Worse
Pilot crashes plane for third time in Apex
Politician Loses Bet, Uses the Word 'Cock' Multiple Times in Speech
"Teddy Bear" Unlikely to Go Extinct
Most American Presidents Destined to Fade From Nation's Memory, Study Suggests
Russian state TV shows fake video as "proof" US parents indoctrinate kids with gay porn
Daredevil naturalist who allowed himself to be swallowed alive by an anaconda so he could film INSIDE the creature reveals he was more scared for the animal's safety than his own
Canadians warned not to join militias fighting against ISIS
China Just Placed A Ban On Puns
Putin proposes loosening penalties for small bribes
Pun control: China bans wordplay
North Korea may be behind hacking of Sony Pictures.
The father of DNA is selling his Nobel prize because everyone thinks he's racist
Eminem Quoted by Supreme Court Justice
Hamilton family left corpse upstairs for six months expecting resurrection
Suspects allegedly bought a pellet gun from Walmart, used it to rob same store
Cops: New Haven clerk turns away 'incompetent robber' who used fingers as fake gun
South Carolina threesome involving men erupts in fight over who is highest paid escort
Alanah Pearce To Appear In Court After Outing Harassers To Their Mothers
G.O.P. Aide Regrets that Attack on Obama Daughters Overshadowed Insults About Their Parents
Non-Black Cops Suing Dept: Claim They're Punished More than Black Cops When They Kill Unarmed Black People
Obituary: Minnesota Man Reveals He Is Spiderman
Suspect in snowball fight stabbing held without bail
Justin Bieber's Dad Accused of Throwing His Dog, Karma, Off a Balcony
L.A. May Legalize Its Strongest Drug: Street-Vended, Bacon-Wrapped Hot Dogs
US Officials are Investigating North Korea Sony Movie Hack
The world is NOT your toilet, Columbus police note
Creed singer Scott Stapp asks fans for £300,000 to record new solo album
Afghan Police May Have Shot an Endangered Bird Thinking It Was a Bomb
Video Game Reviewer Is Contacting The Mothers Of Her Online Harassers
TOP 10 MOVIES OF THE YEAR (DISCUSS!)
Oakland County Sheriff's Office says man stole ambulance to go to topless bar
July 25, 2014: Black St. Louis Police Officer prosecuted for felony assault on the job. August 9, 2014: Darren Wilson kills Mike Brown. Declined to prosecute.
People magazine accidentally publishes Kirk Douglas obituary online
Female Gaming Journalist Reports Online Harassers To Their Mothers
No more 'High Fives' allowed for crossing guards in Peterborough, Ontario
St. Louis PD says St. Louis Rams (NFL) issued apology over players' use of 'hands up gesture'; Rams deny apology.
Indian IS recruit 'goes home after having to clean toilets'
District: Smarties violate drug and alcohol policy
Chris Rock Stopped Performing for Students Because Everything Offends Them
Cops: Woman, 47, Stabbed Boyfriend For Starting Thanksgiving Dinner Without Her
iPhone encryption stops FBI, but not this 7-year-old
Man offered fellow prisoner 'lucky Keno numbers' to kill ex-wife
Piece of cake from Tim Tebow changes Kingsport woman's life
Video Shows Michigan Police Stopping Man for Walking with Hands in Pockets
White Cops File Suit, Claim They Are Punished Too Much For Shooting People.
Hunters Kill 13-foot, 719 lb. Alligator in Phosphate Pit
Two-phone standoff after cop stops man for 'walking with hands in pockets'
Stephen Hawking: I'd love to play a Bond baddie
Pupils at top public school in west London told to cover uniforms with hoodies for safety
Satanists Use Hobby Lobby Decision to Play Devil's Advocate
Police: Man assaults Indian movie star because of the length of her dress
Girl Scouts may now sell cookies online and ship them directly to your face
Newborn falls into toilet: Vietnamese mother delivers baby in bathroom
Did North Korea hackers leak Sony Pictures films in revenge for James Franco and Seth Rogen's comedy The Interview?
Stephen Hawking would like to play Bond villain.
Ben Carson suggests feminists are partly responsible for Ferguson
TIL a man fought for nearly a decade to prevent the bank from foreclosing on his home, saying "I'll tear it down before I let you take it." When foreclosure proceedings began, he leveled the house with a bulldozer. X-post
US Military Personnel told to Hide Online Identity With Cartoons
Game reviewer received rape threats from boys, contacted their mothers
Inhofe's Grand Climate Conspiracy Theory: It's All About Barbra Streisand
Burglar targets model home, makes off with $10K worth of loot, cereal
Jihad isn't all it's cracked up to be, say disgruntled Isis recruits
Mennonite mule smuggled marijuana for Mexican drug cartel
British BDSM Enthusiasts, Say Goodbye to Your Favourite Homegrown Porn
Parents post birth announcement in newspaper after son's sex change
Female ejaculation and water sports banned in British porn films along with a host of other sexual acts.
Online troll or therapist? Atheist evangelists see their work as a calling
Alcohol Kills 500,000 Russians Annually
Top Uganda Lawmaker: Foreigners Adopt Kids To Recruit Them Into Homosexuality
A long list of sex acts just got banned in UK porn
Stephen Hawking warns artificial intelligence could end mankind
Idi Amin's son complains about the Guardian's obituary notice
North Korea refuses to deny Sony Pictures cyber-attack
Man who helped draw up U.K.'s porn filters is being investigated for child pornography
A Long List Of Sex Acts Is Now Banned In UK Porn
As a druid, I'd welcome the tunnel under Stonehenge
What Kind of Basic Bitch are You? A Framework for Basicbitchology -or- Basic Bitch, Know Thyself*
Florida News: Man charged with multiple felonies for being caught with weed, ammo after running stop sign.
Steve Jobs to Testify in Apple Trial From Beyond the Grave
The Crew has a day one patch, allows players to join a crew
Physicists Invented a Horrible New Pasta Shape, For Science
Arby's Forgets Advertising Deal With Pepsi, Makes Apology Ad Entirely About Pepsi
K-9 inhales cocaine during traffic stop
Stephen hawking would like to play a bond villian
Physicists create new kind of pasta to explain mysterious, ring-shaped polymers
Australia surfers 'photobombed' by spinner shark
Nurse faked having baby by 'borrowing' friend's child
Richmond strip clubs face backlash after hosting 'White Trash Bash'
Hot Tub Frolic Ends In Arrest Of Gay Threesome Assault prompted by argument over who was higher paid escort
Male Scorpionfly use anal horns to hook a mate
Spanking and Female Ejaculation Banned in UK Porn
This symphonic metal band's bassist ruptured his testicle mid-set and finished the show
'Fury', unreleased Sony movies leaked online in suspected N. Korea hack
Dominatrix battling to keep Stockport sex fetish club open says she will 'not go down without a fight'
Homeless man steals ambulance in Pontiac in attempt to reach strip club
Children in tears as Santa is carted off in a police riot van after Christmas parade
Iranian Youth Facing Imminent Risk Of Execution For Facebook Posts
Schools finally serving food that even rats would eat.
New FDA Proposal: Gay Men Can Give Blood-As Long As They Don't Have Gay Sex
Woman wanted for 'poking random pedestrians' with sharp object in French Quarter
Concord Farmer Launches Pig Lard Skin Care Line
NYPD Prude: Police Investigate Female Cops For Posting Selfies
UPS will let you 3-D print sex toys
Homoerotic Calendar Has 'Orthodox Christian Priests' Posing Naked
UK Prudes Ban Spanking, Squirting, and Lots of Other Sexy Stuff in Porn
'Honey Boo Boo' Star Chickadee -- Buy My Potion to Prevent Ebola
Feds dig up law from 1789 to demand Apple, Google decrypt smartphones, slabs
Michael Fassbender's Theory For Why He'll Never Win An Oscar
Jihadists in Syria write home to France: 'My iPod is broken. I want to come back'
German Pastafarians Now Have Official Signs Directing People to the Nearest Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster
Gay Men Could Soon Donate Blood
Family lived with man's dead body for six months as they prayed for resurrection
Meryl Streep Portrays World's Worst Opera Singer In Upcoming Role
Offshore strip club in Alaska waters sees liquor license revoked
Physicists create 'anelloni' - a new kind of pasta
Quadruple Amputee Gains New Arms, From Donor Who 'Gave Best Hugs'
Roseanne to Cosby: Slam Israel, regain reputation
Wife lives with husbands dead body for months thinking he would resurrect from the dead
Courtney Love and Lana Del Rey are going on tour together
Pavlok wristband gives out electric shocks to stop people eating and wake them up
Metal bassist ruptures testicle onstage and still finishes the set
Urination incident at Thanksgiving gathering leads to arrest
Houston carjackers force victim to teach them how to drive stick shift, cops say
Russia is selling its banned Steve Jobs tribute statue
Brooklyn Man Becomes A Dad, Preserves Beard In Lucite
Man reveals true identity in obituary, instructs son to 'avenge his death'
Gun nut yells at cops conducting DUI checkpoint, later hit by drunk driver on way home
Woman kept husband's corpse for months in hopes of resurrection, court hears
Congress finds something both parties agree on: denying Nazis social security
Clever 7-year-old discovers how to bypass Apple's Touch ID in the simplest way possible
Americans think shopping for healthcare is about as fun as having a cavity filled.
Los Angeles Residents Prepare to Freak Out Over Impending Rainfall
Headline: Horrified TV presenter attacked live on air by audience member 'because her clothes were too revealing'
A bug is preventing players from joining a crew in Ubisoft's new game "The Crew"
BuzzFeed Hires ClickHole Editor
[Video game] **The Crew**'s Day One Patch "Fixes an Issue Where Players Couldn't Join a Crew"
He steals a BMW and then tries to escape by skateboard. Failed.
30,000 People May Have Just Bought A Box Of Poop On Black Friday
Canada family lived with corpse for 6 months awaiting resurrection
Group Believes McDonald's Inside Churches Will Bring More Worshippers
Darwin's Natural Selection Dog Food
Pregnant Kourtney Kardashian Poses Nude in Provocative Photo Shoot: See the Pictures!
Dad Fakes Killing His Kid for A Laugh
Tech Sergeant 'Loves The Smell Of Toner In The Morning'
Michigan Fires Inept Doofus Brady Hoke
Dale Scott Comes Out as MLB's First Openly Gay Umpire
Suspect denies stealing meat, tongue found in pants.
Transgender man's parents take out newspaper ad to support him
Sticks and stones used to rob gas station...literally
FERGUSON PROTESTER ACCIDENTALLY BURNS DOWN OWN HOME
IT'S OFFICIAL: SKELETON FOUND UNDER PARKING LOT IS RICHARD III
Target Thinks You're Stupid, Charges More for Holiday Popcorn Deal
Sick of Movember, One Man Tries to Kill His Stache
Previously unseen Steve Jobs recording to appear as key evidence at Apple iPod trial
Homeless man steals ambulance to go to strip club
Man who killed teen girlfriend he thought was pregnant wanted community service
Could you pass a citizenship test? States may make it graduation requirement.
Man Arrested for Clearing Snow With a Flamethrower
The Supreme Court Quoted Eminem While Deciding if Rap Lyrics Can Be Used in Court
Jihadists in Syria write back to France: "My iPod is broken. I want to come back."
Sausage thief falls asleep
DNA evidence proves that King Richard III's remains really did end up in a parking lot
WWII Grenade Embeds in Wood, Makes Exciting Fire
WWII grenade explodes in stove in Austria after apparently becoming embedded in wood
Police dog back on duty after sniffing cocaine
Indian IS recruit goes home after having to clean toilets: reports
Woman Spends A Month Knitting From Her Vagina
Penn State Receives Record-Breaking Restitution Payment After Nine Years
White supremacists worry Austin antigovernment shooting will harm their reputations
LA School District to Pay $139 Million to Kids Forced to Eat Teacher's Semen Cookies
Sex workers campaign to shut down Grand Theft Auto V due to its sexual violence
MAYOR APOLOGIZES TO 'BLACK LIVES MATTER' PROTESTERS
Chinese iPhone cloner claims Apple stole its design
Pigs Can't Fly: Swine Ordered Off Plane at Bradley Airport
Barbra Streisand behind global warming hoax, says Sen. Inhofe
South Korea Plans to Put Up a Christmas Tree, North Korea Has Threatened to Bomb It.
More than 2000 NoPhones ordered for the holidays
Even a single season of high school football might have harmful impacts on the brain
China's President Xi Jinping: Communist Party will "rehabilitate" any Chinese artists whom have "lost themselves in the tide of market economy" and banished to the countryside to "learn the correct view of art."
CPS takes chilrens because homebirth
Troll's mum tells him to apologise after victim contacts her
Dale Scott Comes Out as MLB's First Openly Gay Umpire (x-post from r/ainbow)
ISIS-endorsed cookbook suggests mujahideen eat pancakes with honey for dinner
China's Ban On Puns Comes Straight Out Of '1984'
Canada family keeps father's corpse for 6 months, praying for resurrection
Metal Bass Player Ruptures Testicle Onstage
Antigay Activist: Buy My 'No Such Thing as Gay' Book
A Woman Faked Having a Baby to Keep Her One-Night Stand Around
Cruise ship diners may be throwing lobsters overboard to 'save' animals
About 100 brains missing from University of Texas
Woman Grows Potato in Vagina as Contraception (x-post /r/WTF)
North Korean leader bans name Kim Jong Un
'Emotional Support' Pig Kicked off US Airways Flight for Being Disruptive
Oilsands tailings ponds emit pollutants into the air, study confirms
Blake Bortles Admits Trying to Talk to Sideline with His NFL Helmet Transmitter
Feminists: Slow Motion Is 'Sexist'
The SexFit is a "Sexual Fitness" Tracker for Your Penis
Homeless man steals ambulance. Heads to topless bar.
China is banning puns and wordplay.
I wish these names were made up. Way to go, Idaho!
Australian embassies and consulates fed up with absurd requests for help from its citizens: no more loans to pay for prostitutes in Thailand or assisting with polecat eviction in California!
100 brains go missing from university
Kim Jong-un: North Korean regime orders citizens to change names shared with leader
North Korea, Cuba and Iran Criticize Canada's Lack of Human Rights at UN
100 brains missing from University of Texas
North Korea orders everyone sharing leader's name to change it
North Korea Has Banned The Use Of The Name Kim Jong-Un
North Korea opens travel website
Tristana f*cked Up #2
Kalashnikov rifles rebranded as 'weapon of peace'
You can not use them for that!
Police warn drivers not to leave keys in the ignition after car theft
Is Mona Lisa inscrutably Chinese? Italian's theory raises eyebrows
America's First Vegan Butcher Shop to Open in Minneapolis
Kim Jong-Un 'bans the name Kim Jong-un'
Florida man gets licked with stealing beef tongue
India's PM releases a book on his foreign visits.
Ugly sweaters find themselves in style this holiday season
Children cry as Santa leaves Christmas parade in the back of a 'police riot van'
Daniela Ospina, wife of James Rodriguez, has nose job after vile abuse from Real Madrid fans
James Rodriguez's wife Daniela Ospina 'has cosmetic surgery' after Real Madrid fans say she's ugly
Killer rapist strolls out of court - cops thought he was "just playing"
Kalashnikov rebrands its AK-47 killing machine as a 'weapon of peace'
N Korea bans sharing of leader Kim Jong-un's name.
UPDATED: Now the FBI is investigating whether North Korea leaked Annie
Low-risk pregnant women urged to avoid hospital births
Texas university loses 100 human brains
Smells like tweed spirit: Fabric gives off whisky scent
Police: Man used McChicken as a weapon
Man with 'unlimited pasta' pass at Olive Garden feeds homeless
TGI Friday's launching mistletoe-carrying drones this Christmas
Texas is closing some prisons in favor of rehab. (X-post from /r/texas)
Man Arrested After Using McChicken Sandwich to Assault Wife
Iran moves forward with death penalty over Facebook posts
Surgeon pays out $90,000 after terrorism joke 'bombs' at Miami airport
Student falsely reports robbery to obtain excuse for missing work- from /r/NewOrleans
Stephen Hawking Reveals He's Not a Big Fan of Online Porn
Meet the man who set new Guinness record for most Guinness record books
US Neurosurgeon agrees to pay $89,000 fine after joke about carrying C-4 at Miami airport sparks massive police response and chaos for thousands of passengers
Scared white guys spur Black Friday gun sales to record high
Marijuana Pepsicola: College Administrator.
South Korea approves plan for new Christmas tree to annoy North Korea
North Korea orders everyone sharing leader's name to change it: report
Democrats, Republicans agree: No retirement benefits for suspected Nazis
100 Brains Missing from the University of Texas
Metal bassist ruptures testicle on stage, keeps playing
Voice of PaRappa threatens death on fan after he steals $100 from him in 2 year long escapade
Man arrested for allegedly assaulting wife with a McChicken
Tory MP Penny Mordaunt said 'c**k' several times in Parliament speech as part of Navy dare
Police: Stick shift foils carjacking
Fight over male 'escort' prices turns violent in SC hot tub, deputies say.
Embassies not there to pay for prostitutes and first-class seats, Australia warns 'pest travellers'
Knicks Security Drags Nets Fan Out Of MSG Without His Prosthetic Leg
Russell Brand wins award for gobbledygook
Marijuana Pepsi will see you now.
Surgeon to pay more than $89,000 for Miami airport bomb 'joke'
'Gangnam Style' breaks YouTube's view counter, Psy keeps dancing
Barossa Valley wine called 72 Virgins sold as fundraiser for anti-Islamic organisation, Q Society .
Man proposes marriage standing in a heart made of iPhones, still gets turned down
Russia: Prostitutes hike prices as rouble falls
Iowa man accused of using sandwich as a weapon
Kim Jong-un: North Korea bans citizens from using same name as leader
Prostitutes hike prices over rouble
Man Arrested at Walmart trying to Steal Cow Tongue in his Pants
Mexican version of Miss BumBum competition now seeking 'aesthetic behinds'
Mona Lisa may have been da Vinci's Chinese mother
Man Punches Woman After Asking for Her Number on CTA
Kalashnikov, Maker of AK-47, Unveils New Slogan: 'Weapons of Peace'
Santa Claus is gay; get over it
Exercise after weight loss surgery may boost health improvements
Wal-Mart shopper charged with stealing beef tongue by hiding it in pants
Actor who wore Donkey Kong costume for LA Zoo event sues Nintendo
Microsoft kills off Clip Art(WTF Microsoft!)
Kean U. defends purchase of $219,000 conference room table
Vagina kayak artist arrested again in Japan
Carjackers Thwarted By Car's Stick Shift
Unlike people, monkeys aren't fooled by expensive brands
Florida drawbridge collapses on top of $20m 'Rockstar' superyacht, narrowly missing hot tub
Front page of the Financial Times today - Stephen Hawking confirms that Terminator was just documentary from the future [Pretty much...]
Iowa Man Assaults Pregnant Wife With a McChicken
New pill makes your farts smell like chocolate
'Vagina kayak' lands woman in hot water
Man who used McDonald's McChicken sandwich as weapon against pregnant wife is arrested
Part Of Draw Bridge Crashes Down On Mega Yacht Narrowly Missing Hot Tub
Iowa man assaults pregnant wife using McChicken Sandwich, cops say
Man used McChicken sandwich to assault pregnant wife, police say
Florida Congressman's bill would prohibit Medicare from spending $444 million on penis pumps
100 Human Brains Are Missing From the University of Texas, Zombies Likely High on Suspect List
University of Texas Reports Missing Brains
100 missing brains found in Texas! Really
N. Koreans banned from using leader's name
Silent disco brings quiet riot to London
DEA says drug cartels are now smuggling marijuana from the US into Mexico.
Michele Bachmann Writes BuzzFeed Listicle to Bid Congress Goodbye
DEA: Cartels Are Now Smuggling US Weed Into Mexico To Sell
Police: Man on motorized cart shoplifts way through Walmart
Police: Man assaulted wife with McChicken sandwich
EA backing off buying companies, from here on out
Chief's Swearing Rant At Stop Swearing Launch
Empty 'About Us' Page Leaves Chinese Buffet's Origins Shrouded In Mystery
Baptist pastor Steven Anderson: 'Let's kill gays for AIDS-free Christmas'
Man arrested after assaulting wife with McChicken Sandwich
Jacobson for president: one continent, one country.
Japanese vagina kayak artist arrested again for obscenity
Jimmy Iovine to Apple: 'You Have a Hole in Music Right Now; Let Me Plug It'
No indictment against officer in Eric Garner case
Des Moines man arrested for assaulting wife with sandwich.
Man Arrested for Using McChicken as Weapon
Man Assaulted with McChicken by his Wife
Australian Targets Spurs Ban on GTA because of Violence Against Women.
Iowa woman reports sandwich assault by husband
'I hope I never meet Justin Bieber... he abused my monkey': Furious zookeeper attacks star over frightened baby Capuchin he bought 'illegally on black market' and then abandoned
'Mason is the new Mike': Parents bemoan when unique baby name becomes popular
Medicare Spending Cuts on Erection Aids Would Save $444 Million
AT&T wants to know why a town is building a 1Gbps network when it already offers 6Mbps DSL
Man says PETA took his dog from porch, killed her
Univ. of Texas Can't Figure Out Where 100 Jars of Brains Went
Houston-area police say carjacking thwarted when teens didn't know how to drive stick shift
Cops Seize Man's Property, Freeze Bank Accounts-And He Wishes They Would Charge Him with a Crime
A hundred brains are missing from the University of Texas
Man arrested for assaulting pregnant wife with a McChicken sandwich "because he doesn't like them."
Iowa Man Arrested For Using McChicken Sandwich as Weapon
Death Row inmate who called Jesus as witness gets execution reprieve
Art historian discovers "lost" painting in the background of Stuart Little
Police summoned to Wisconsin home where youngsters called 911 for Santa
Russell Brand wins award for making the least sense of all
India Ranked Less Corrupt Than China for the First Time in 18 Years
'Phantom' village school stays open despite having no pupils
Texas driver crashes $1.2 million McLaren P1 after owning it for less than 24 hours
Homeschool mom who destroyed evolution at a museum heads to the zoo in search of dragons.
YouPorn Now Has An eSports Team
McChicken used as weapon in assault.
Store Stabbing Suspect Claims To Be Pirate From 1776
A man walks into a Tunstall bar... naked from the waist down carrying a bag of sex toys - and says 'what's the problem?'
YouPorn now sponsors an e-sports team
Google Ditches CAPTCHA for Simple Checkbox
University of Texas Accounts for Missing Brains
Robot Handjobs Are The Future, And The Future Is Coming- Huffpost
In North Korea, No One Can Take the Leader's Name, in Vain or Otherwise
Wall Street FINRA regulators have done such a good job this year, they are giving themselves raises. High Frequency front run stock purchase anyone?
Sarah Palin: "I'm Glad Mr. Ferguson Wasn't Indicted"
Man flagged down police for lift while carrying stolen goods in bag
YouPorn now an official sponsor in DOTA 2
Team YP Revealed: YouPorn Sponsors Competitive eSports Team
Senate Confirms Producer of Soap Opera as New Ambassador to Hungary
Sony Pictures gets hacked by the GOP
ISIL fighter: My iPod stopped working, I want to go home.
Brazilian hackers take down NASA's websites for all the spying they've done.
Santa Shtick: Jewish kids review mall Santas
Columnist Often Called 'Racist' Doesn't Think Police Activists Should Use That Word
Atheist Billboard Angers Church Groups
Chick-Fil-A milkshake blamed for woman's heart attack
Monkeys aren't fooled by luxury prices
100 Missing Brains Found in Texas
North Korea Has Room For Only One Jong-un
North Korea says U.S. created the Ebola outbreak
Teen charged in porn sting posed as sixth grader to attend elementary school
Florida Man arrested for stealing 6.5 pounds of cow tongue from Wal-Mart
Search of a Panty Thief's Home Yields Over 100 Pairs of Stolen Panties
University Says It Can Account for Missing Brains
A Grand Jury Did Indict One Person Involved In Eric Garner's Killing -- The Man Who Filmed It.
There's Actually A Scientific Reason You Sometimes Want To Eat Your Baby
Goleta Council Approves Pilot Program to Provide Mobile Shower for Homeless
Online porn restrictions 'will lead to UK exodus'
First Vegan Butcher Shop in the U.S. Set to Open in Minneapolis Read more: First Vegan Butcher Shop in the U.S. Set to Open in Minneapolis
First Vegan Butcher Shop in the U.S. Set to Open in Minneapolis
Aspiring marine, 17, shot dead by female police officer 'who mistook Nintendo Wii controller he was holding for a gun'
Penn State Football Wants Jerry Sandusky to Renew His Season Tickets
Hot Girl Looks Damn Good In Mug Shot, Knows It, Owns It On Twitter
Man busted for attacking pregnant wife with chicken sandwich.
Volcanic eruption could destroy Japan
Texas lawmaker files 'Pop Tart gun' bill
Lawyer Gloria Alfred calls on Bill Cosby to waive statute of limitations so that his accusers can lay criminal charges against him
Women dyeing their armpit hair is now a thing.
E-cigarettes fingered as source of NASTY VIRUS
'Mum says I'm an idiot': Students go for 'quiet pint' in Newcastle and end up in Amsterdam
Reality TV Star Befriends 12 Pound Lobster.
'Attack on Titan' fan finds terrifying colossal Santa at Target
Rand Paul blames Garner's death on NYC cigarette tax
South Dakota Man Finds Small Urn At Gas Station
YouPorn has found its eSports team, will compete in Dota 2
Man arrested after using McChicken sandwich to assault wife, police say
Rand Paul blames Eric Garner's death on high NYC cigarette tax
Pinterest Sued Over Pirated Photos, Imgur Off The Hook
New Pills Make Farts Smell Like Chocolate and Roses
Family lived with corpse, prayed for resurrection
27-year-old crashes $1.2M McLaren P1 on 1st day of ownership
No laughing matter: China's media regulators ban puns
Queen cannot send Canadian troops to war, Attorney General says in letter aimed at settling longstanding dispute
27-year-old driver crashes $1.2 million McLaren P1 less than one day after picking it up!
Bashar al-Assad demands America bomb his country harder
The Vagina Scent Artist
Woman in Japan Was Arrested for Distributing a 3D Mold of Her Vagina
The McChicken man is no chicken!
Republicans Suggest Obama Should Be Stripped Of Right To Use Air Force One
CSUMB police officer investigated for not using Taser
Boys learn lesson after calling 911 looking for Santa.
Watch 'Gangnam Style' break YouTube at 2.15 billion views | The AndroidHippo Blog
Gay asylum-seekers cannot produce 'sex tapes' as evidence
Russian TV Shows Doctored Clip of American Boy Looking at Naked Men
Washington: House votes to cut off Social Security to Nazis
Gangnam Style music video 'broke' YouTube view counter limit
Police baton-charges blind protesters in Lahore, several injured
Black Friday 2014 Girls Fight Over Underwear & Lingerie
'Skywalker' passport cancelled because it was 'frivolous'
LGBT asylum-seekers cannot produce 'sex tapes' as evidence
Journalist responds to gamers' rape threats by telling their moms
Florida for-profit college used strippers as recruiters, feds say
Man arrested after using chicken sandwich to assault wife, report says
Rolling Stone says U2's free album is 2014's best, so take that haters
Apple admits to deleting songs off iPods without asking
Police dog bites constable on bum during raid on spurned eHarmony lover
Unlike people, monkeys aren't fooled by expensive brands (X-Post from r/Frugal)
Runtastic's new workout app, Butt Trainer
Satanic Temple display approved for state Capitol
Man used McChicken as weapon against pregnant wife:
Exclusive Interview with Man Charged in McChicken Assault of Pregnant Wife
Court tells France to pay damages to Somali pirates
Penn State sends Jerry Sandusky letter asking to renew his season tickets
Police: Anger Management Talk Ends With Assault
I Am Declaring a WAR on Christmas!
Ex-CIA Polygrapher: "...an honest subject has no better chance than a dishonest subject of getting through the process."
North Koreans barred from Jong-un name, except for leader Kim
GOP kills solar, takes the sun out of Sunshine State
New 'Star Wars' lightsabers have some technical problems, experts say
Osborne has special civil servant who guards his padlocked fridge to stop people stealing his milk
Teacher orders third-grader to unclog toilet with bare hands
Pastor believes Starbucks is using Sodomites' Semen In Lattes
Disillusioned jihadist: 'My iPod doesn't work...I have to come back'
Mystery of missing University of Texas brains solved
Rocker recovering from ruptured testicle following bizarre onstage accident
Christian Women's Group Opposes Women's History Museum
St. Louis Officer Explains 'Kids Will Be Kids' Post About Tamir Rice
Man Flees Accident to Escape Angry Girlfriend: Police
Man speaks out about beating his wife with a McChicken sandwich.
Pop Tart Gun Bill Introduced in Texas, Prevents Kids From Getting in Trouble for Using Pastry.
N Korea orders other Kim Jong Uns to get new names
Boobs for Science project goes viral
Arizona pastor predicts 'AIDS-free Christmas' if all gays are killed, as God commands
A Man Donated A Christmas Gift 14 Years Ago Not Realizing He Sent It To The Woman He Will Marry
Costa's captain Francesco Schettino blames gravity, not cowardice
Bourgeois Pig Owner Call[s] Minimum Wage Hike Unsustainable
Guy wearing an RIP Eric Garner shirt dunks over a NYPD cop car in Staten Island
Peter King says Eric Garner would not have died from chokehold were he not 'so obese'
Here are the government agencies that get sworn at the most
Florida for-profit college accused of using strippers to lure students
Kick on head restores rugby player's sense of smell - and he sniffs out major gas leak
Thai protesters detained after using hunger games salute
China to stop harvesting executed prisoners' organs
Man Arrested for Attacking Pregnant Wife with McChicken Sandwich
Winnipeg councillors vote unanimously to cut their own salaries
Ald. Smith, Bourgeois Pig Owner Call Minimum Wage Hike Unsustainable
Kalashnikov's New Slogan? 'Weapons Of Peace'
Amazon wants you to shop inside public bathroom stalls
Police: Alcohol a Factor in Store Defecation
Florida Agrees That Satanists Must Have Equal Representation in state capitol building's religious-themed holiday displays.
Scientists disappointed Jurassic World dinosaurs don't look like dinosaurs
China To End Organ Harvesting From Executed Inmates
Renowned violinist berates coughing child
Man calls for mass execution of gays to "create an aids free world" before christmas.
St. Louis County police teach parents how to stop police from killing their children
Jihadelicious? ISIS shares new pancake recipe
In his confirmation hearing, [Noah Bryson Mamet] acknowledged he had never visited Argentina, the country where he will serve as U.S. ambassador.
The Japanese Artist Who Designed a Vagina Boat From 3D Scans Has Been Arrested Again
Sunrise applauds target banning GTA5, wants GTA5 banned everywhere, spreads disinformation, implies video games as cause of foreigners joining ISIS.
Lawsuit: College used strippers to lure students
Grand jury indicts white police officer in shooting death of unarmed black man
Russia's Supreme Court Declares Jehovah's Witnesses Website Extremist
Squirrel knocks out power for 7,000+ at USF
Maker of the AK47 rebrands with 'protecting peace' slogan
Utah man charged for sunbathing nude in his yard
5,000-pound bridge stolen in Michigan
Sony Kept Thousands of Passwords in a Folder Named "Password"
Arizona's Pastor Steven Anderson Argues That AIDS Would Be Eradicated If Gays Were 'Executed'
U.S. and Iran Both Attack ISIS, but Try Not to Look Like Allies
L.A. school district settles teacher semen encrusted cookies suits for nearly $140 million
North Korea says it didn't hack Sony
Rumor: Apple to Release 4-inch iPhone 6 to Better Accommodate Women's Pants
Châteauguay cops can wear cowboy costumes, labour board rules
Ben Carson Blames Feminism For Police Shootings
North Korea ordered citizens named Kim Jong Un to change their names, says new report
Amazon mails conveyor belt roller instead of gift
Car thief gets out of jail for stealing cars, steals a car to get home.
The Florida capitol's holiday display will include a festive message from the Satanic Temple
Sam Carter, ex-Boulder cop, convicted on all counts in Mapleton elk trial
Coach Named Ronald McDonald Sent Students 'Sexts'
Car thief allegedly steals car in colfax to get home from jail
Vatican finds hundreds of millions of euros 'tucked away': cardinal
Chimpanzees aren't 'persons' with rights of humans, no need to be freed, New York court rules
Real passion, fake breasts highlight rally for MOCA and the arts
UAE Releases Video of Suspect in American's Murder Set to Batman Theme
12 years after losing coin toss in election tie, independent wins seat by drawing long straw
University Police officer on leave for not shooting student with Taser
There Are 328 Human People Named "Abcde" in the United States
Grand Jury Indicts Man, Who Filmed Eric Garner's Chokehold Death by NYPD, on Gun Charges
Man goes out for drinks and plays pool after being shot in the chest
Cop Says He's "Very Sorry" About Choking Eric Garner To Death
Cops: 14-year-old hosted booze bash while mom was on phone
Fancy Brooklyn Chef Accused Of Serving Low Quality Meat To Asians And Upper West Siders
(Cross post TumblrInAction) petition to ban bible in Australia after target bans GTA V
Chimpanzee 'has no human rights'
Seattle - 1 pepper-sprayed in McDonald's after man walks in with 'service' cat
72-minute trailer released for longest film ever
PETA likens corpse left in Hamilton Ontario home to meat in your fridge
Nebraska hires Oregon State's Mike Riley as coach
Assad doubts existence of al-Qaeda (news from 2003)
Vagina artist Megumi Igarashi arrested again
South Korea Will Build A Giant Christmas Tree To Annoy North Korea
Glenn Beck must face Saudi's lawsuit over Boston Marathon bombing
Fake Head and Shoulders shampoo containing 'sex-change chemical' sold across Northern Ireland stores
NY court: Chimps don't have same rights as humans
Sony Pictures hack appears to be linked to North Korea, investigators say
Sony underwater store opens for its waterproof Androids
Feds: For-profit college used strippers to lure students
FBI digs up antiquated 1798 Law to demand smartphone data decryption from Google and Apple (xpost from r/privacy)
Vatican finds millions 'tucked away', says Cardinal Pell
Pope's New Crossguard Lightsaber Crosier Stirring Up Controversy With Liturgical Purists
Walmart Removes 'I Can't Breathe' Ad After Grand Jury's Decision on Eric Garner's Homicide
ISIS Cancels Plans for Fnatic CS:GO Sponsorship
Chimpanzees are not people, New York court decides
Sony Hacked By GOP - Fury, Annie And More Released On-Line
Yamato Undies Remind You Where You Put Your Junk
Cannibal mum tries to EAT her own baby shortly after giving birth
Foreign Islamic State recruits no longer find jihad glamorous
US Navy investigates filming of Female officers while showering.
Police Arrest Group Running Islamic State Online Shop in Sleepy French Town
Serial pest performed 'ninja air kicks' outside Brisbane pub
Cabrillo College student arrested in criminal justice class
Usher Charged His Phone in a Person's Vagina
Should paid menstrual leave be an option in Canada?
The 17 Most American Things You Can Buy at Walmart
Pentagon fears blowback from 'humane' Guantánamo video release
ISIS Cancels Plans to Sponsor Counter Strike: Global Offensive Team; "Fnatic"
Ferguson protest planned for Saturday in Seoul, S. Korea (x post)
Senator wants to know why Canada lags on terror convictions
'Good news day' decimates website's readership
Towson University Hires Goats To Clean Up Campus
McDonald's at mass? 'McMass' pushes to build restaurant in church
Florida Grants Satanists Equal Representation In Capitol
Sony Kept Thousands of Passwords in a Folder Named "Password" (X-post from r/funny)
China to end use of prisoners' organs for transplants next month
Male lawn bowl players furiously quit tournament after it opens up to female competitors
This is What Happens When You Wear a Nazi Uniform in Court
Tempe pastor's message: Execute gay people to cure AIDS
A bar without alcohol.
De Blasio: black and brown lives matter as much as white lives
Land Mines Aren't Killing As Many People As They Used To
Tense moments as protesters enter Walmart
Dump truck driver arrested outside porta-potty after chase outside Duluth
Austria sends in 'naked police' to stop intimacy in saunas
Teenager jailed after stabbing a girl in the face and smashing another's head against a fence because they called him Harry Potter
Teenager stabs girl in the face and beats another black and blue because they called him HARRY POTTER
A Woman in Japan Was Arrested for Distributing a 3-D Mold of Her Vagina
Anger Management Talk Ends in Assault, Man's Arrest
Beachgoer slicing open a pregnant dead shark to save her pups and lead them to the ocean.
Texas school board member resigns after Ferguson Facebook post. "Let's bring in the KKK they'll settle shit down"
GTA5 fans launch petition to force Target to change its violent name and logo
84-year-old man's dream date with 17-year-old twins turns into nightmare
Andrew Keegan Of '10 Things I Hate About You' Fame Founded A Religion, Full Circle
North Korea Directive Orders Citizens Named 'Kim Jong Un' To Change Their Name
Breakfast between Kobe Bryant of Los Angeles Lakers, Rajon Rondo of Boston Celtics Simply That
French homeless forced to wear 'yellow triangles'
Man Faces Life in Prison for Swearing
Unbelievable! 179 years old man found in India: "Death has forgotten me"
White people on Twitter are confessing to crimes that get black people arrested
China Sets Deadline to Stop Taking Organs From Executed Prisoners
Scientists Dragged Dead Geckos Along A Surface To See If They Still Stuck
South Korea building giant Christmas tree on border to annoy North: Pyongyang warns Christmas tree is incitement to war
George Osbourne MP 'locks' his fridge in order to stop other Lib Dems drinking his milk.
Australia's 'small breasts' Ban
Communists Love Christmas and a Good Holiday Bargain
Man Builds Machine To Endlessly Swipe Right On Tinder To Meet New Women
Chimps not entitled to rights of people: NY court
Blazers' in-arena blimp crashes onto section of fans
Supreme Court Appears Baffled by How to Accommodate Pregnant Workers
A warning to new mothers: cold sores can kill
Tempe Police postpones "Run from the Cops 5K"
Johnson's Baby Whistle-Blower Speaks Out: Horrific Details of Product Testing Practices Emerge
Electric eels revealed to have shocking powers of mind control
British woman Caroline Cartwright pleads guilty to loud sex after neighbors - and postman - complain
Bhabhi kisses groom, bride's family calls off wedding
Police Show off Beer Goggles in hopes to curb impaired diving
Rand Paul: The bigger story of Eric Garner's death is about cigarette taxes
This Guy Wants To Sell You A 2015 Puppies With Guns Calendar
Calif. cop may be fired for giving suicidal student water instead of Tasing him
Missouri man kills local favorite albino deer, donates meat
Peter Pan Live Was the Worst Three-Hour Drag Show We've Ever Seen
Road Safety Campaign Donkey Killed by Car
Girl, boy charged after Toronto woman says they tried to snatch her baby
'Cop of the Year' arrested
Girl, 12, and boy, 14, due in court after alleged baby snatching
Vatican discovers hundreds of millions of euros 'tucked away' in accounts: 'The Vatican is not broke'
Women filmed showering aboard US Navy submarine.
Husband arrested for attacking his pregnant wife with a McChicken sandwich because 'he doesn't like them'
German dudes wanna make a sustainable condom.
New Forest road safety campaign donkey killed by car
Sex Toy prompts bomb scare outside of a San Diego courthouse
Who Would Buy A 2015 Puppies With Guns Calendar?
'Hypnotist' thief caught on camera Watch CCTV of a pickpocket who apparently hypnotised a shopkeeper.
Bulgaria Has a Green Cat and It Doesn't Live in an Emerald City
The Galapagos might lose some of their best researchers, and they're blaming the gift shop
Incoming Australia research chief touts water dowsing
Man Reaches Into Lake to Get Golf Ball-Gets Eaten
China vows to stop harvesting organs from executed prisoners in 2015
I'm all about that lace, 'bout that lace: Third year gets people to tie his shoes for him
It's official: America is now No. 2
Phoenix police officer shoots dead unarmed black man during scuffle
Belgium seeks to have potato fries declared cultural heritage
Woman Responds "Gobble Gobble Turkey" When Officer Asks How Much She's Had to Drink
Tempe postpones annual 'Run from the Cops 5K'
You'll Eat Up These 10 Adorable And Simple DIY Food Christmas Ornaments
One Direction Fan Falls in Horse Manure While Chasing Harry Styles
Circus delivers dead hamsters to audience by balloon.
'Bomb' Found at Federal Courthouse Actually Just a Sex Toy
Nebraska Football Player Gets Out of Car To Take Selfie With Raccoon...It Bites Him, He Kills It With A Wrench, and Now He Possibly Has Rabies
Tim Howard: Under Jurgen Klinsmann, no more PB&J sandwiches
Nebraska Football Player Gets Out of Car to Take Selfie with Racoon...It Bites Him, He Kills it with a Wrench, and now He Possibly Has Rabies (xpost from /r/CFB)
Nebraska Player Bludgeons Raccoon That Bit Him Mid-Selfie
Rural Iowa couple facing kidnapping charges after they were caught holding a man in a grain bin
Man Arrested After Allegedly Using McChicken Sandwich as Weapon
Russia bans black player for reacting to racism
NYPD Officer Who Fatally Choked Eric Garner Wasn't Indicted, Man Who Filmed the Incident Was
Apple Allegedly Deleted Songs From Users' iPods That Were Downloaded From Rival Services
Phoenix police officer who shot black man said he mistook bottle of pills for gun
Nebraska player takes selfie with raccoon, gets bitten by raccoon, kills raccoon
Husker DE Jack Gangwish tries to take selfie with raccoon, is promptly bitten
Sony saved thousands of passwords in a folder named Password
Nebraska DE gets bit by raccoon while trying to take a selfie - SBNation.com
Astrologer predicts how women could be sexually abused based on zodiac signs
Amazon Sent This Farmer a Piece of Its Conveyor Belt Instead of a Book
Raccoon-Husker selfie goes wrong
Woman sues over cherry she claims led to heart attack
Outraged over 'Grand Theft Auto' Ban, Aussie Gamers Petition to Ban the Bible
Gynecologist says women should have paid menstrual leave.
France ordered to compensate Somali pirates
Role Of A Bankruptcy Lawyer
Parklife festival says sorry for sending 'Mum' messages
Man broke wife's nose with a McChicken
U2 guitarist The Edge: 'When Bono goes cycling, he likes to dress up as a Hasidic Jew'
Saudia delays flight after passenger dreams it crashed
High-level yakuza member arrested for possession of 17kg of salt
Nebraska Football Player Gets Out of Car To Take Selfie With Raccoon...It Bites Him, He Kills It With A Wrench, and Now He Possibly Has Rabies | Barstool Sports: BarstoolU
Electric eels have mind control powers
Blind sports journalist overcomes obstacles
Oprah Winfrey to play a Suicide Squad villain?
Denver student protesters cheered when car struck officer, union official says
Court Rules Chimps Don't Have Same Rights As People
Oldest Janus (two-faced) cat in the world, 'Frank and Louie,' dies at 15
Nebraska DE bit by raccoon while trying to take picture with it
Rolling Stone "Regrets" Not Verifying Details Of Alleged Fraternity Gang Rape
Idaho Boy's Toy Gun Prompts Two School Lockdowns
Dave Whelan (English football club owner) has been accused of a "dangerous level of ignorance" after making a reference to "chingalings" during a newspaper interview that was intended as an apology to the Jewish community for previous antisemitic remarks.
O'Reilly: Eric Garner Was 'Not a Threat,' Police Clearly Overreacted
Women Might Become Pregnant From Sodomite Semen In Starbucks Coffee
Eel's shocking power of electric mind-control
BBC Sport - Luke Donald dodges charging baboon to take Nedbank lead
Man charged with raping 101-year-old woman says he 'would have worn a condom' if he had planned it
CIA Admits Role In 1985 Coup To Oust David Lee Roth From Van Halen
Woman banned from bingo asks New Mexico to help
Nebraska football player bitten by raccoon while trying to take selfie
Nebraska football player bitten by raccoon while trying to take selfie with it
Woman banned from bingo hall asks New Mexico attorney general to help her get back in the game
Girl, 12, and boy, 14, charged with robbing two women, trying to kidnap baby
Tory Peer Blames 'Many' Pub Closures On Non-Drinking Muslims
Usher Tests the Limits of Art With This Vagina Phone-Charger: NSFW
Indians blinded after free cataract surgery
House Republicans vote to tell Obama they're really, really mad at him about immigration
Russia: Jails 'consider jokes' to cut inmate stress
So, a drunk man in a zebra costume walks into the wrong duplex
Turkish Prime Minister Blames Gender Equality For High Suicide Rates In Developed Nations
Man in zebra costume breaking into home gets his ass handed to him by angry Canadian father.
Vagina kayak: Japanese artist arrested over 'obscene' boat shaped like her genitalia
Congress Wants To Cut Penis Pump Spending To Save $444 Million
Romney 2012 had "best tweets ever written by 17 people," former staff say
Florida college accused of using strippers to lure students
Marvin Hill Arrested for Assaulting His Pregnant Wife With a McChicken
Joey Donner starts new religion
Usher charges phone inside woman's vagina
Comcast accidentally admits It's unsure of the competitive impact of its own merger
Pastafarian Inmate Sues Prison for 5 million dollars for not being able to wear religious garments or participate in weekly meetings with others who share beliefs.
Stabbing suspect says he's a pirate from 1776
George W. Bush: Hillary Clinton is like 'my sister-in-law'
Tory peer Lord Hodgson blames Muslims for decline of pub industry
'Hypnotist thief' robs shopkeeper after appearing to put him in a trance
Lindsay Lohan Sues the Makers of 'Grand Theft Auto V'
Run From The Cops 5K Cancelled In Light of Recent Events
Stevie Wonder on Eric Garner Verdict: 'I Heard Him Say, 'I Can't Breathe''
Long Island school with no Koreans adopts Korean as its 2nd official elective foreign language
Tempe Police Call Off Run From The Cops 5K
Grand Jury Indicted The Man Who Filmed Eric Garner's Killing
Now, BJP (India's ruling party) says science a pygmy compared to astrology
Cannibal Mother Tries To Eat Her Own Baby Shortly After Giving Birth
A private plastic surgery clinic in Beverly Hills has chosen ten lucky homeless people who have had the chance to have a free nose job.
Target Australia pulls GTA V from shelves due to "Violence against Women" (disregarding the fact that more men are murdered in the game, or the fact that its entirely FAKE)
It's 2014, why is this anyone's norm?
California drought is the most severe in at least 1,200 years
Pastor calls for killing gays to end AIDS
Smoking Destroys Male Chromosome
AZ PASTOR'S 'BIBLICAL' FINAL SOLUTION TO 'HOMO' 'PEDOPHILES': MASS EXTERMINATION (VIDEO)
CSUMB police officer threatened with termination for not using force on student, CSUMB denies officer's claim.
2 Day Diet Pills: Best Healthy Way To Reduce Weight Quickly
Woman banned from bingo asks New Mexico to help :: WRAL.com
Bears fan stabbed last night was actually stabbed by other Bears fans for saying something nice about the Packers
Sony hack reveals movie studio kept passwords in folder named 'Passwords'
Wounded Bears fan: Scuffle started after nice words were said about Packers
Cows get loose on Kansas interstate.
'10 Things I Hate About You' star Andrew Keegan starts new religion
EU Court orders France to compensate Somali pirates for "moral damages"
Girl gets arrested for selling Xanax. Girl goes to jail. Girl becomes semi-famous and its news.
Sony to Officially Name North Korea as Source of Hack Attack
Threesome request ruined work Christmas party
Arizona Police Postpone "Run From The Cops" Charity Race
Walmart's 'I can't breathe' ad forced off air after Eric Garner protests
Walmart editing 'I can't breathe' phone commercial over Eric Garner protests
HOME-SCHOOLING, FUNDAMENTALIST CHRISTIAN MOM TRIES TO DEBUNK SCIENCE... AT A SCIENCE MUSEUM
Cop texted union rep as Akai Gurley lay dying
Mystery of Bulgaria's green cat finally explained
Cách nhận biết tinh bột nghệ thật
Coming soon: An app to report police brutality
Sony hack reveals there hatred for Adam Sandler movies
EU Court Orders France To Compensate Somali Pirates
Gangnam Style Has Been Viewed So Many Times It Broke YouTube's Code
The Grossest Stilettos Of All Time Are Made With Human Hair
Marvin Tramaine Hill II Attacked Pregnant Wife With McChicken Sandwich
Woman seeks love with coffee cup appeal
Deer attack injures hunter
Shia LaBeouf Cries Rape and Gets Little Sympathy
Sugar Factory Launches Signature Britney Spears "Piece Of Me" Couture Pop
Police helicopter finds huge swastika in bottom of pool in Brazil
Tattoo Artist Gives Woman With Down Syndrome Free Tattoos Every Friday
Former PM Says Malaysians Are 'Too Stupid' To Run Airline
Putin: 'Russia is not anti-gay, everyone just thinks we are'
Thefts keep "Baby Jesus" off the retail floor in some stores
Woman allegedly cut dog in hopes of getting pain pills for herself.
Man is jailed for punching a hole through an £8 million Monet painting
Rail replacement bus causes Wirral services to be suspended - after ripping its roof off on a rail bridge
Erdogan: Palace has 1,150 rooms, not a mere 1,000
Indianapolis Police seized a fully functional shotgun disguised as a water soaker toy gun.
Lakewood man accused of drunkenly swapping furniture in neighbors' absence
Paul McCartney says John Lennon killer was 'the jerk of jerks'
Man 'Eaten Alive' by anaconda
College Used Strippers as Student Recruiters, Feds Say
New 'lost' Ayn Rand novel will bring her crimes against literature to new generation of jerks
LAPD Shoots and Kills Man at Site of Protests Against Police Murder, Less than 24 Hours Later
Uber launches in Portland, Oregon, despite being completely illegal there
Bush has trouble understanding
Leaked Sony Documents Confirm That Adam Sandler Films "Have No More Value"
CDC issues flu vaccine apology: this year's vaccine doesn't work! Learn more: http://www.naturalnews.com/047890_flu_vaccines_CDC_apology_medical_fraud.html##ixzz3L9HpvV00
Small New York design firm "über" receives and answers hundreds calls of Uber customers due to the lack of an Uber hotline.
Pittsburgh City Council president fines councilwoman $20 for misbehaving
Japan daily says sorry for ad claiming Jews were behind 2011 tsunami
Small New York design firm "über" receives and answers hundreds of phone calls by Uber customers because Uber does not provide a hotline.
New ban on racial profiling to exempt TSA, customs and border agents
Saudi Husband Divorces Wife at Wedding Reception After Seeing Her Face
Bono 'Dressed as Hasidic Jew' During Bike Crash
Women Are Now Dyeing Their Armpit Hair
Cops Open Fire on Man, Execute Him on the Street for Carrying a Small Pocket Knife
At this temple you offer foreign liquor
Pot Smokers Arrested For Driving Too Carefully
O.J. Simpson has been following the Ray Rice and he is appalled. "I really don't understand his disgusting actions, he's really getting away with murder here..."
Russia threatens to ban Buzzfeed in escalated campaign against news outlets
Tiger Woods vomits twice, puts up lowest score of week
Naked man who fell through restroom ceiling at Boston airport to get mental health evaluation
O.J. Simpson comments on the Ray Rice scandal. "I really don't understand his disgusting actions, he's really getting away with murder here..."
Man Slices Arms With Saws At Calif. Home Depot
Shopkeeper 'placed in trance by hypnotist' during theft in north London
Train-mounted lasers blast tracks clean
Pope Francis: 'All Animals Go To Heaven'
Obama has sore throat, makes quick visit to doctor
Several loose cows shut down a Kansas City freeway
Wal-Mart Changes 'I Can't Breathe' Ad After Complaints
Police: Doc Choked Woman And Forced Her To Swallow Abortion Pill
With monkey on the lam, Florida neighborhood goes bananas
Paramount are campaigning for Transformers: Age of Extinction in The Oscars' Best Picture category
Obama at hospital with sore throat
Putin's tigers go on killing spree in China
This man brewed alcohol in his stomach from the food he was eating.
Jonathan Bernier says Nelson Mandela was one of his favourite athletes growing up
Ohio Woman Kicked Off Welfare For Not Reporting She Was In a Coma
Udder gridlock: Stray cows tie up traffic
Pastor says being gay is "worse than mass murder."
Obama Goes To Hospital For Sore Throat
Teen's 'Cute' Mug Shot Wins Her Legions of Internet Fans
Mormon-Themed Porn Is Apparently a Booming Business
Georgia Police raid house in 'War on Drugs,' throw flash grenade into 2 year old's crib, who is in a coma and with a hole in his chest
Crucifix Stolen From Church Named For Patron Saint of Stolen Items
Pentagon Gifts Cops French Horns, Personal TVs
STEVE JOBS' VIDEO TESTIMONY TRANSFIXES COURTROOM
Obama gets CT scan for sore throat
Mt. Hood-Beautiful and Deadly
SLAYER RESCUES KITTEN IN INDIANAPOLIS
Tress Way on How to Be a Good NFL Punter: 'You Really Just Punt a Lot of Balls'
Obama sore throat related to acid reflux
Wisconsin college gymnast, 21, who was found dead in a restaurant dumbwaiter 'may have reached inside the device to get something after pushing elevator button'
Woman Who Has Slept With 10,000 Men is Ready to Settle Down
Deer Ransacks NJ Home
For foreign tourists, protest marches enhance New York experience
Man grabs woman's breasts in Sims Avenue lift... she grabs back
City demos house, bills woman $16K after fire that killed daughter
Isis members killing each other
Kentucky station reports prison break, shows picture of John Wayne
Obama given CT scan at hospital for sore throat
Giant spider photobombs news broadcast when it crawls across TV screen
Caller ID helps in Idaho bomb threat arrest
Vendor lock-in is truly a TERRIBLE idea ... says, er, Microsoft (X-post from /r/microsoft)
Contestant on game show not awarded by judge because he's black.
Chemical leak prompts evacuation during Midwest FurFest at Rosemont Hyatt
On First Annual Constitution Day, China's Most Censored Word Was 'Constitution'
Police investigate sexting at Parker high school
Calls for children to be banned from sitting on Santa's knee
Of course, why didn't we figure it out earlier?!
Vendor lock-in is truly a TERRIBLE idea ... says, er, Microsoft
Love letters and astrophysics: 5,000 of Einstein's papers released
President Barack Obama Visits Walter Reed Hospital for Sore Throat
BREAKING: President Obama Has a Sore Throat
Michael Phelps' 'girlfriend' reveals she was born a boy
For Your Consideration: Paramount campaigning for a Best Picture nod for Transformers: Age of Extinction
North Korea denies hacking Sony but calls the breach a 'righteous deed'
Sephora accidentally creates #CuntDownToBeauty
Man jailed after punching £8 million Monet painting.
Kansas City man who made threats against the Muslim community for months, runs over a Muslim American HS student, severing his legs and bleeding him to death.
Eric Pickles accused of exaggerating size of his Russian fanbase
Being paid kills nearly 100 Swedes a year
Chlorine gas attack at Chicago area furry convention; hospitalizes 19, hotel evacuated
George W. Bush: Garner decision 'hard to understand'
Syracuse University alumna punched twice in face on campus
Battle Creek Woman wakes up to mystery infant in her bed
Spiderman 'exhausted' by Cairo
Research shows left-handed people make less money
Japan Is in a State of Butter Emergency
Rice raised on classical music harvested
5 Surprising Insider Facts About Welfare
A paper by Maggie Simpson and Edna Krabappel was accepted by two scientific journals
Chlorine gas leak sickens 19 at furry convention
Champagne wars in the Lords as peers say no to a cheaper vintage
Nigel Farage in UKIP event no-show due to 'immigration'
Lords refuse to cut costs because 'champagne quality would suffer'
Stoned 18 year old plays Russian Roulette with himself. Dies.
Omaha couple's 3rd child was born in same place as their 2nd: on 42nd Street exit ramp from I-80
Suicide victim dies after crowd 'urges' him to jump
Elementary school teacher pleads guilty to blindfolding students and spoon-feeding them cookies laced with his semen in sick 'tasting game'
Furfest Evacuated After Chlorine Leak At Hyatt Hotel.
Chlorine Gas at Furry Animal Lovers' Convention May Have Been Released Intentionally: Police
Chlorine Leak Sends FurFest Guests Scurrying
Actor Russell Crowe stood up in Gander by Newfoundland friends
Chicago furry convention hit with "intentional" chemical leak
In Los Angeles, a NIMBY battle pits Millionaires vs. Billionaires
Chicago furry convention halted after 'intentional' chlorine gas attack
Bad smell sparks chain reaction of vomit in nightmare plane journey
Stolen 5,000-Pound Bridge Recovered in Michigan
Furries convention evacuated to dog show
Someone Attempted To Gas A Furry Convention Near Chicago
Not so grumpy now! Cat that became an internet star has made its owner £64million
Chlorine gas leak sickens 19 at furries convention
Chemical attack at Chicago Furry convention
With heightened senses, they smelled it before the other guests
Deer breaks through 2 doors, ransacks bathroom
Man Swings Bag of Beer Cans at Teen Robbers, Say Police
NYPD "Cop Of The Year" Arrested For Trafficking 10 Kilos Of Cocaine
Accused Rapist Cee Lo Green Defends Accused Rapist Bill Cosby
Man assaulted woman after she suggested he sign up for anger management classes
Woman Shocked To Find "Swastika" Wrapping Paper In Walgreens
Off duty cop arrests man for taking his good parking space
Luxury building fences off low-rent tenants' terraces
Teen's game of Russian roulette turns deadly
The Green Power Ranger Wants CM Punk in UFC Debut
Neighborhood Santa attacked by kids with BB guns
#EatenAlive Full episode HERE check OUT EPIC
Black swimmer makes history
Chlorine Gas Leak In Chicago Disrupts 'Furries' Convention
College Student goes to Comedy show with mother, is embarrassed
'Power Ranger' Jason David Frank wants CM Punk for his first UFC fight
Republicans Question Obama's Motives for Fixing Economy
Utahns take the bait: Enormous fish tale ties up emergency dispatch lines!
Body of a humpback whale found in Utah
Physicists finally explain why your earphones are always tangled.
NKorea denies Sony hack, calls it 'righteous deed'
Sexy Russian spy 'tried to seduce' Snowden
Guilt makes you do things that you wouldn't do otherwise
Supreme Court justice recites lyrics from Eminem song in First Amendment case
Former 'Cop of the Year' busted on coke-trafficking charges
Rapper Tyga Invests $5 Million In Gold Rolling Paper Company
Rolling Stone clarifies apology - girl who lied is not in fact a liar.
Chroline gas causes furry convention to be evacuated to a dog convention
'Lonely' man jailed for two months for masturbating in women's public toilets
Fiat Chrysler teaches industrial robot to play basketball
Hand Jobs For The Homeless
Cross Stolen From Church Named For Patron Saint of Stolen Items
Police investigate after gas forces evacuation at 'furry' convention; 19 treated at hospitals
Cities in Climate Change Danger, Warns Captain Planet
Chlorine Gas Sickens 19 at Furries Convention
British MP played Candy Crush in parliamentary committee meeting
Man explains why he filmed himself being eaten by Anaconda
Bungee jumping... with added 'flare': Russian daredevil throws herself off 330ft pylon and slides down home-made zip-line alongside LIVE power cables
Man 'Eaten Alive' by Anaconda discusses experience
Rock shaped like President snapped on Mars?
Post Graduate Programs Ghana
Prediksi Levante vs Getafe 9 Desember 2014 | Citibet88.net
Grumpy cat makes owner £64 million
Women mauled by Koala while walking her dog
top quality cheap wholesale custom leather tote bag
On The Strand_GREAT HOLIDAY HAIR
Seattle neighborhoods hope festive monkeys generate business
Canadian Cops Hand Out Tickets for GOOD Behavior
Woman jailed for super loud sex
Ibolya Ryan's Ex: 'Monster' Was Lying in Wait at Abu Dhabi Mall
'Furry' convention disrupted as 'intentional' gas incident sends 19 to hospitals
Elected politician shocks US with 'kill all cops' rant
Gangnam Style 'breaks' YouTube's view counter
Turkey's new presidential palace has 1,150 rooms, not 1,000, Erdoğan reveals
Harold Hamm's Ex-Wife Appeals $1B Divorce Ruling
Police officer shoots a teenager to death for holding a sandwich
Giant swastika discovered in Brazil pool
For the First Time in Forever... I Did Not Enjoy My Vacation to Disney World
Farage blames immigration for traffic on M4 after no-show at Ukip reception
House Republican Plans to Introduce Pro-Climate-Science Bill
Chlorine gas forces evacuation at 'furry' convention; detectives investigate
MP admits he was Candy Crushing it during a parliamentary meeting
Steven Seagal Drives Tank Into House, Kills Dog
Ex-police officer found guilty in killing of elk
Nigel Farage blames immigration after missing Ukip reception
Scarecrows outnumber people in dying Japan town
Man jailed after huge marijuana grow is discovered, claims he thought they were tomatoes
Movie Nightcrawler offensive, says real overnight TV newsman
Police officer fired for lack of brutality
Man jailed after police find 'industrial scale' cannabis factory in former Barclays Bank building in Grimsby where front was 'growing tomatoes'
Suspected Gas Attack At "Furry" Convention Puts 19 In Hospital
Calls for boy to be disqualified because of wind assistance!!!
Monterey Bay officer investigated for not using stun gun
Jewish grandmother shocked to find swastikas on Hanukkah wrapping paper.
American who helped craft Uganda's 'Kill the Gays' bill to be tried for crimes against humanity
Grumpy Cat makes $100m in two years
'Nut rage' delayed Korean Air plane
Falcons to be welcomed aboard Lufthansa flights
Allow pupils to use Google in GCSE exams, says academic
Grumpy Cat earns more than Gwyneth Paltrow
Grandmother finds "Swastika"-like pattern on wrapping paper at SoCal store
'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Submitted for Oscar Consideration by Paramount
Greenwich Doctors Launch Uber for Hangovers
CIA torture report to be published on Monday without the word 'torture'
Ukrainian Students Sell 'Blood of Russian Children' Drinks at School Bake Sale
Viewers livid after Anaconda man fails to get eaten alive
Rutgers Student Took Photos of NJ Bear Who Killed Him
Grumpy Cat: How a Reddit and YouTube star earnt its owners $100m in two years
Beloit Police Ask Residents To Volunteer To Have Their Homes Searched For Guns
Lebanese Pop Star Dedicates Breast Implants To Army
Lowes develop's robot store associates.
'Furry' convention disrupted after chlorine gas sickens 19 at hotel
OSH in San Jose is first in country to activate robotic employees
Al Qaeda denounces Islamic State for 'barbaric' beheadings videos
MP apologises for playing Candy Crush during committee
Man Becomes a Human Punching Bag, Lets Others Hit Him in Exchange for Money
Three people, one bear killed in chain of car crashes in Florida
Criminal probe after gas evacuates Midwest furries convention
Walgreens Pulling "Swastika" Wrapping Paper After SoCal Woman's Complaint
Mozzarella stick portion increases after student complaint
Depressed Cat Forced Into Servitude Has Made Its Owner $100 Million
Facebook is making employees read Chinese propaganda to impress Beijing
'Intentional' gas release at Chicago-area hotel hosting 'furries' convention sickens 19
He must have had buns
Police: Siberian Lynx attacks person in Buckhead
Two Charged With Snake Throwing
TGI Friday's Mistletoe Drone Injures Photographer In Brooklyn
Korean Air Vice President Forces Plane Back to Gate Over Macadamia Nuts
Grumpy Cat Has Earned Her Owner Nearly $100 Million In Just 2 Years
Falcons to be welcomed on board Lufthansa flights
French Toast Crunch cereal is back
'Eaten Alive' viewers outraged man wasn't actually eaten alive
British politician caught out playing 'Candy Crush' in parliament
Cops: Man kills daughter-in-law, makes video of himself having sex with the body
Snake thrown after diced onion dispute.
Korean Air VP under fire for delaying flight over nuts
Photographer injured by TGI Friday's mistletoe copter
Man tosses snake behind Tim Hortons counter over diced onions dispute
Grumpy Cat amasses US$100m fortune, remains grumpy
Customers denied diced onions, throw snake at Tim Hortons employee
Prayers, promises for a lost kitty
Real life Eye of Sauron to appear on Moscow skyscraper.
19 Hospitalized After Possible Chemical Attack on Furry Convention
South Korea probes reports airline boss' daughter ordered attendant off plane
Poor going hungry because they can't cook, says Tory peer
Drone strike! Our photographer injured by TGI Friday's mistletoe copter
Tory peer says poor people go hungry because they do not know how to cook
SUSPICIOUS OBJECT OUTSIDE SAN DIEGO COURTHOUSE TURNS OUT TO BE SEX TOY
Obama's Trip to the Hospital Reveals Acid Reflux
Leonardo DiCaprio, Sorority Recruiter, Leaves Club With 20 Women
'Tommy the Chimp' Loses Bid for Habeas Corpus
Man Who Speaks Out About Police Seizing His Property Without Charges is Arrested Hours Later
TGI Friday's Dumb Mistletoe Drone Cut Somebody's Face Open
Grumpy Cat Has Made Way More Money Than You
Little girl uses cuteness to avoid trouble for letting cow into the house
Temple University White Student Union Holds Events to Support Former P/O Darren Wilson
Robert Griffin III Punting Footballs for 40 Minutes Is a Sad, Inexplicable Story
Culture-shockingly nice: one professor two students and art in Dubai
Onion argument sees snake tossed over Tim Hortons counter
Man tosses snake behind Tim Hortons counter over diced onions dispute (CBC Saskatoon)
Furry convention attendees evacuated after gas leak, relocated to convention center hosting dog show
China not invited to 3rd death anniversary of Kim Jong-il
Michigan House Passed Bill Allowing EMTs To Refuse Treatment To Gay People
Only 5% of Russian Lada Owners Proud of Their Car
Man tosses snake behind Tim Hortons counter over diced onion dispute
Walgreens Pulling "Swastika" Wrapping Paper
MAN SCARES OFF THIEVES WITH GUN ON WALKER
Eaten Alive guy refuses to be eaten alive and no one is happy
A sandwich, a snafu and a snake: How things went wrong at a Saskatoon Tim Hortons
Report That Grumpy Cat Earned $100 Million Is 'Completely Inaccurate'
Furry Convention Chlorine Gas Incident Sickens 19 Near Chicago
Snake Thrown In Tim Hortons After Diced Onion Dispute
'Slayer' Rescues Homeless Kitten while on Tour
'Slayer' Rescues a Freezing Homeless Kitten while on Tour
Police: It appears "an intentional act" led to hotel's evacuation during Midwest FurFest convention
Disgruntled customer throws snake at Tim Hortons employee who refuses to dice his onions
McDonald's will let consumers build their own burgers
Tom Brady says 'blame CBS, NBC' for showing his frequent use of curse words
Albert Einstein Tells Marie Curie to Ignore the Haters
major german party wants to force immigrants to speak only german at home
Woman Jailed For Super Loud Sex Explains Why She'll Never Keep It Down
TV viewers angry that man didn't get eaten alive by giant snake
Kuwaiti Muslim discovers he is 'the Jewish enemy'
10 things living in hostel has taught me
Drug mule role a setup
Tony Blair's 'awkward' Christmas card smile draws Chandler Bing comparisons
Leonardo DiCaprio enters club without girlfriend Toni Garrn, leaves with 20 women
Man tosses snake over Tim Hortons counter in dispute over diced onions.
Paul McCartney sends abused animal images to the moon
Antony 'too dumb' to smuggle drugs
28 Internet acronyms every parent should know
Gay HIV campaigners dump horse shit and kiss outside UKIP HQ for World AIDS Day
Russia Planning Aid Convoy of Christmas Trees for Eastern Ukraine
Japanese deodorant sheets for ladies smell so nice some guys don't need the actual girl
CA Cop is Being Fired for NOT Using Violence to Resolve a Situation
Snakes and lattes? Onion argument sees snake tossed over Tim Hortons counter
Game of Thrones Costume Designer Regrets 'Nipple Armor'
New rules are making it more difficult to get unwanted bats out of homes
Man Throws Snake At Tim Hortons Employee After Argument Over Onions
Flight Exec Delays Flight After Going Nuts Over Improperly Served Nuts
Grand Theft Auto fans campaign for ban on The Bible
Economists Aren't As Nonpartisan As We Think
WATCH: ISIS vows to raise their flag at White House, now controls large...
A woman who moaned on TV that she could not get a job due to "fattist" bosses was caught stealing pastries hours later. (I know it's old & Hope it's not a repost)
MP caught playing Candy Crush at committee meeting: I'll 'try' not to do it again
Slayer Rescues A Freezing Homeless Kitten While On Tour In Indianapolis
Police worried over Squirt Gun Disguises
#EatenAlive full video HD 1080p Here !
What It's Like to Almost Have Your Nose Cut Off by a TGI Fridays Mistletoe Drone
Robert Griffin III Hits Rock Bottom, Spends 40 Minutes Punting A Football To Himself After Practice
Ted Cruz Was 25 Years Ahead Of His Time On Fighting Campus Rape
Wrapping Paper With Swastika Pattern Recalled by Walgreens
House of Commons launches investigation to find the person who took a photo of an MP playing candy crush during meeting.
Big Mac hurting as customers get pickier.
Smell Your TV Shows With a $2500 Aroma Emitting System
'Eaten Alive' viewers outraged man wasn't actually eaten alive (Xpost from /r/television)
Woman Nearly Has Her Face Destroyed By A TGI Friday's Mistletoe Drone Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/tgi-fridays-mistletoe-drone-accident-2014-12#ixzz3LLk97jnE
'Horses need jobs too': New York horse carriage drivers protest proposed ban
New Zealand pastor calls gay Christian man 'child molesting fag', hopes he'll commit suicide
Robert Griffin III Spends 40 Minutes Punting A Football To Himself After Practice
CRIMINAL PROBE AFTER GAS EVACUATES 'FURRIES' EVENT
'Calgary's worst driver' gets ticket after viral video captures her disastrous driving
Japan Gripped by Crippling French Fry Shortage
Swastikas spotted on Hanukkah wrapping paper sold at Walgreens
Serpent sent flying over Tim Hortons counter over sandwich spat in Saskatoon.
Neo-Nazi Mauled By Lion At Barcelona Zoo
Robert Griffin III Spent 40 Minutes Punting a Football to Himself After Practice
A California police officer has been fired for not using violence
Woman Spots Swastikas on Hannukkah Wrapping Paper Sold at Walgreens
Woman Spots Swastikas on Hanukkah Wrapping Paper Sold at Walgreens
Pastor tells gay Christian to commit suicide
This UK politician is in trouble for playing Candy Crush Saga during boring meeting
Man directs peak-hour traffic with bag of frozen peas.
An indecisive American Film Institute puts 11 movies on its top 10 list
Customers denied diced onions, throw snake at Saskatoon Tim Hortons employee
Widow places diamond ring in Salvation Army kettle
Customer throws snake at Tim Horton's employee over breakfast sandwich dispute
Chicago Police play Sweet Home Alabama at "black lives matter" protest
Krewella's Jahan Yousaf Op-Ed: Deadmau5 Saved Me From Going Into Porn
TGI Fridays drone delivers bloody 'mistletoe mischief'
GOP Congressional Aide Resigns After Bullying Obama's Daughters On Facebook
NFL will tell the refs no handshakes, handbumps, or smiles on field.
Sandwich fight sends snake sailing over Tim Hortons counter
Pizza Hut is making Doritos-covered stuffed-crust pizza
Hippy turned wind farm tycoon worth more than £100m is sued by his ex-wife for £2m he made AFTER their divorce
If you thought the RG3 situation couldn't get sadder you'd be wrong
War On Christmas And Obama Foreign Policy Will Cause God To Destroy U.S.
It Sounds Like Redskins Park Has Become a Very Lonely Place for Robert Griffin III
police kill an unarmed man with down syndrome for refusing to leave a movie because he wanted to see it a second time
Airlift to ease Japan french fry shortage
CNN Teen Sexting Slang
Hockey player 'meows' 7 times during interview in reference to Super Troopers
5 Shocking Ways Your Kids Try to Get Drunk
NYC street performer arrested after pulling fake penis from pants at Art Basel protest
Mistletoe drone attacks photographer at TGI Friday's
Sandwich snafu sends snake sailing
Bolivian Deputy Refuses Morales Handshake, Faces Racism Charges
Artist Plans To Crush His Father's Skull And 3D Print Replica of His Own Skull With The Dust
Liquidising Goldfish "Not a Crime" (2003)
Green power ranger wants to fight CM Punk in UFC
IWSN = "I Want Sex Now" among CNN's report on "The 28 Internet Acronyms Every Parent Should Know"
Barack Obama Becomes The First President To Write Code
[China:] PLA officer gave away cars filled with gold bars as bribes in 30 billion yuan scam
It's been revoked: Diplomats who ran tax-free tobacconist from the Gambian embassy found guilty
Obama seeks advice to start monarchy
CPD INVESTIGATES AFTER SQUAD PLAYS 'SWEET HOME ALABAMA' AT PROTEST
Korean Air VP under investigation for in-flight behavior
Leonardo DiCaprio Gets Over Break-Up By Leaving Club With 20 Women
Man wrecks motorcycle during anti-helmet law protest, dies
Cop on video tripping pregnant woman receives promotion
Woman walks her dog while dressed as the abominable snowman, makes winter less awful
TGI Fridays' Idiotic 'Mistletoe Drone' Draws Blood in Brooklyn
Newly elected Republican believes in climate science
TGI Friday's Mistletoe Drone Promotion Off To a Terrible, Bloody Start
'Neo-Nazi' Man Mauled By Lion At Barcelona Zoo
Trademark and Registration! Authentic online marketing! Super Receptionist
Festival of Trees volunteer turned away for wearing pants
EU court orders France to pay thousands to Somali pirates
Buccaneers Will Stop Using Unpaid Homeless People To Sell Beer
Funny Pranks must watch
Pardon Bush and Those Who Tortured
TGI Fridays' Seasonal Mistletoe Drone Literally Cut Off Part of Someone's Nose
Barcelona police officer mauled by lions after climbing into enclosure
Rachmaninov's ghost resurrected for Italian piano festival
First TGI Friday's Mistletoe Drone Casualty Reported In Brooklyn
She Claims to not be a Racist but says "I don't talk to black people."
Man Fails To Get 'Eaten Alive' By Anaconda
Morning Joe Hosts Totally Lose It During Segment on Furries
Some McDonald's in China Now Only Sell Fries and Soda
19 hospitalized after intentional release of chlorine gas at Chicago 'furry' animal character confab
Columbia Law School offers exam rescheduling for students traumatized by Brown, Garner rulings
Irish broadcast watchdog wants pro-gay messages 'balanced' with anti-gay ones.
TGI Fridays' mistletoe delivery drone draws blood
Police Christmas party busted by other police
Jonathan Bernier Humiliatingly Has No Idea Who Nelson Mandela Is
Porn film spices up fare at McDonald's restaurant
KFC staff fired over missing chicken
'Strange Fruit' PR firm changes name after Twitter backlash
A Queens 'Cop of the Year' Got Caught Trying to Buy Ten Kilos of Coke in South Florida
Asteroid strike warnings build towards campaigners' big day of rock
Man jailed for punching a HOLE through £8million Monet painting - despite claiming his fist fell onto it because he had a heart condition
Man Goes To Jail For Punching a Hole in £10 Million Monet Painting
Hello, my name is Isis - and I'm not a terrorist
GOP Billionaires Plan: We'll Pick the Republican Presidential Candidate
Aussie straps in beer, not child
Live snake thrown at restaurant staff after diced onion dispute
Korean Air executive resigns over nuts on a plate row
Sony Pictures System Hacked From a Resort in Thailand
NYPD Cop Shoots Unarmed Man, Texts Union Rep Instead of Calling for Help
Iggy Azalea Reveals She Was Actually Born A Male Named "Cody"
Korean Air VP suffering from 'nut rage' delays flight over attendant's improper snack etiquette
Fox: Obama Seeks Advice on Establishing Monarchy
Must have done something baaaaad
Ugly Christmas Sweater Trend Spreads Nationwide
Russian Man Gets Beaten to Death at Doctor's Appointment
Rogue sheep escapes owner, runs wild through Ypsilanti streets before being cornered by police
The Internet is obsessed with a teenage Xanax seller's mugshot
Idaho Man Using Pet Tiger To Hunt Deer
First class macadamia nut case prompts Korean Air exec to step down
Walgreens Pulls Swastika-Patterned Hanukkah Gift Wrap From Stores
Korean Air 'nut rage' executive Heather Cho resigns
Porter Ranch woman gets Hanukkah 'swastika' wrapping paper taken out of Walgreens stores
Elton John Fell Out Of A Chair
""Last Friday, after practice, RGIII was on the field by himself for like 40 minutes, just punting the ball, and running after it, and punting the ball and running after it."
Kanye West freestyled entirety of 'Yeezus' to Seth Rogen in the back of a limo
Bizarre Hitler scene sneaks into Thai junta propaganda movie
Flight Delayed by dispute over nuts or macadamia!
Director Defends 'Hitler Scene' in Thai Junta Film
'Sex Ed for Stoners' to Teach Lessons in Flirting While High [xpost from r/trees]
Snakes and lattes? Onion argument sees snake tossed over Canadian Coffee shop counter
'Sex Ed for Stoners' to Teach Lessons in Flirting While High
Map of all tags by Harlem graffiti artist ASIF
Family's Christmas Tree Turns Out to Be a Humongous Marijuana Plant
A Korean Air executive has resigned from some of her duties after she ordered a flight to be turned around to the gate and a flight attendant off the plane because she was served nuts in a bag instead of on a plate.
Eye of Sauron to Watch Over Moscow on December 11
Joan Burton accidentally poses with giant spliff
Guy Fails to Get Eaten by Anaconda on "Eaten Alive"
Cary teen's 'cute' mugshot goes viral
Transformers 4 Submitted For Best Picture Oscar Consideration.
Nuts! Korean flight delayed by first class spat
The First-Ever Juggalo-Themed Art Exhibit Is Surprisingly Good
Young boy's dream to be a UPS driver comes true
TGI Friday's mistletoe drone smashes diner in the face and slices end of her nose on its maiden flight
Madison Bumgarner once dated a girl named Madison Bumgarner
Rangers player Kevin Klein loses part of ear, has it reattached, scores game-winner. Hockey.
Can the Cereal Killer cafe, which sells only cereal, really make a killing?
Woman accused of stealing mail: I was bored
Fox "News": American Public Needs to be Trained to be More Sensitive Toward Police
First class nut case prompts Korean Air exec to step down
Kim Kardashian piñata puts Reynosa business in the spotlight
Believe in God? No? N.C. constitution says you can't hold public office
Columbia law students demand exam extensions because of "trauma related to the recent non-indictments" (in Ferguson and Staten Island)
Before Detroit Can Move On, It Needs To Upgrade From Windows XP
Korean Air executive resigns from roles over nuts row
Planned giant Eye of Sauron installation on Moscow skyscraper condemned by Russian Orthodox Church
Boris Johnson performs Jessie J's hit Bang Bang
Gardaí are using JobBridge to hire a 'human rights assistant' for €1.25 an hour
Watch Boris Johnson cover Jessie J hit 'Bang Bang'
Police under investigation for not tasering pacified student with mental health issues
CIA Allegedly Used Red Hot Chili Peppers Music To Torture Guantanamo Inmate
Everyone Talked About 'Zumba' and 'Frozen' on Match.com This Year
Collectors snap up Suhua tunnel stones for 'luck'
Economist Nouriel Roubini Accidentally Tweets Booty Call
Playhouse sends porn DVDs to children in mix-up
Hail Mary: Judge to decide if blown call in Oklahoma HS football game merits do-over
Kashmir youth should pick up Android instead of AK-47
US jets flown by Iranians might be attacking North Korean tanks in the Middle East
NYPD Officer Who Hit Suspect With Baton is Out Sick With Wrist Injury
Deputy prime minister (Tánaiste) of Ireland accidentally poses with a giant spliff. Article in comments (x-post from /r/trees)
Kanye West Held Seth Rogen Hostage in His Limo to Play Him His New Album
Toronto Maple Leaf's goaltender praises Nelson Mandela as 'One of the most known athletes in the world'
Deputy prime minister (Tánaiste) of Ireland accidentally poses with a giant spliff. (x-post from /r/trees)
Man attends court with drugs in pocket, deputies say
Police: Teen admits to panicking, giving teacher pot brownie
College president forced to apologize after saying 'all lives matter'
Robert Griffen III stays after practice and punts football into the air to himself for 40 minutes
Sony Playstation Hack: Our Generation's Citizen Kane?
Police under investigation for NOT tasering student with mental health issues.
The Taliban indoctrinates kids with jihadist textbooks paid for by the U.S.
Newswire: Eaten Alive guy refuses to be eaten alive and no one is happy
Edinburgh Playhouse sends porn DVDs to children
Philly Police Officer Suing Philly Police Department for Brutality
Intruder Victim Felt "Cold Hand Touch My Behind"
Kirk Cameron says 'Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas' is the target of an atheist conspiracy.
Prime suspect hired as adviser on TV series about Alexander Litvinenko One of two alleged killers of ex-KGB agent will give inside knowledge of case
Utah Supreme Court says woman can be married to dead man
Japan may need an emergency potato airlift to feed its french fry hunger
Beer, hot wings and Jesus? Hoover church plans Sunday service at Buffalo Wild Wings
Hallmark Removes Hanukkah Gift Wrap Following 'Swastika' Complaints
Judge sentences rap fan to Bach, Beethoven
Slayer tour manager rescues homeless kitten
DISPUTE OVER DICED ONIONS LEADS TO SNAKE THROWING INCIDENT
Dear Prudence: I want to have my widowed co-worker's babies. How soon is too soon to ask him?
Forget wine. It's all about water pairings - Dec. 9, 2014
Forget wine. It's all about water pairings
Stoners Finally Get the Sex-Ed Class They Always Needed
State Bank sold $1.5 billion to stabilize dong value
Sweater-wearing sheep found wandering in north Omaha
Korean Air executive resigns after halting plane over macadamia nuts row
Edinburgh playhouse sends pornography to children as young as ten.
The Green Power Ranger wants to fight CM Punk in UFC
Apple Store Opening In Williamsburg Across From Whole Foods Near The J. Crew Steps From Starbucks
Teacher resigns after student writes about Jesus and drugs
Korean Air Executive Resigns Post After Halting Flight Over Snack Service
Girl who got hug from Kate Middleton succumbs to cancer
Southwest looses elderly woman, leaves her at gate for 11 hours
Mistletoe drone causes bloodshed at TGI Fridays
CIA Paid Torture Teachers More Than $80 Million
Harvard Business School professor threatens Boston restaurant with legal action over $4
Southwest loses elderly woman, leaves her at gate for 11 hours
Richest Russian Buys Watson's Nobel Medal, Plans to Return It
Goodell a finalist for Time's 2014 Person of the Year
Planned giant Eye of Sauron installation in Moscow condemned by Orthodox Church
Nearly 1,500 to Be Buried in LA Mass Grave
Depression is NOT a mental illness.
Missouri bar offers "Michael Brown Special"... 6 shots for $10.
High School Coach Allegedly Kicked 3 Girls Off The Team After They Would Not Say A Mormon Prayer
Muslim Women Signing up as ISIS Brides on Jihad Dating Sites
All Animals Go To Heaven, Says Pope Francis
Snoop Dogg's Love, Civil Society Under Pressure And A Tragic Discovery - Western Press Digest
News Corp's Chief Exec Slams BuzzFeed's 'So-Called Journalism'
LeBron violates royal protocol, puts arm around Kate Middleton
Porn protest to shock Westminster with mass 'face-sitting' and fake sex
Georgia man to be executed despite lawyer being impaired by alcohol at trial
"We may have made a few terrorists uncomfortable for a short period of time...
21 stolen dairy goats found on Craigslist
Stuart man arrested after masturbating outside because 'mother won't let him watch porn inside'
Man attaches lamb chop to balloon, sends it into space
Merkel allies want immigrants to speak German at home
Men's Rights activists outraged that Richard Dawkins has never heard of them
Hallmark pulls Hanukkah wrapping paper covered in swastikas
Southwest Airlines LOST elderly woman: Diabetic grandmother, 85, in wheelchair is abandoned at airport for hours after worker forgot about her
Harvard Business School Professor Goes to War Over $4 Worth of Chinese Food
Morning Joe co-host discovers what a furry is and proceeds to run off set laughing
Southwest Airlines loses grandma for 11 hours
Deputies: Man suspected of 10th OWI says he ate beer battered fish
Pirate Bay Raided by Swedish Police - The Pirate Bay website is down
Florida woman arrested after fight with twin sister over vibrator, boyfriend
Gang Members Urinate on Club Dance Floor to Mark their Territory
Zimbabwe's President sacks "witch" VP
Why the weekend may be bad for you: It's a health danger zone
Sony Hackers Demand 'The Interview' Be Canceled - or Else
Student charged after teacher eats pot brownie
Mars was a WET, DEEP mistress: Curiosity probes once-moist underside
Chemical spill in Rosemont sends 19 to the hospital, disrupts Midwest Fur Fest
Autopsy: Waitress caught head in dumbwaiter
Jonathan Bernier mistakenly praises Mandela's hockey skills
Mom Sells Breast Milk to Pay for Christmas Presents
Hallmark Cards withdraws holiday gift wrap that shopper complained features swastika design
Woman shocked to find swastikas on Hanukkah wrapping paper
Councillor spends $25,000 on robot tree.
Lima Climate Talks Set for Record Carbon Footprint
PIR, GNOC: Texting Acronyms Parents Need to Know
The Communist Friedrich Engels Inspires a Climbable Statue of His Beard at Salford University.
North Korea urges UN action over 'inhuman' US torture
Houston restaurant apologizes to customers who complained "faggot" waiter was too gay
Judge: Bernie Madoff's Aide Is Guilty, But Too Short To Do Hard Time
Watch This Harvard Prof Totally Own a Small Chinese Restaurant That Overcharged Him $4 for Takeout
North Korea calls for UN to censure the US for the 'inhuman torture' used by CIA
Man accused of 10th DWI blames it on fish
Suspected Wisconsin drunken driver blames beer-battered fish
"The Events Depicted In 'Star Wars' Actually Happened To Me" -George Lucas
SD State's Attorney says Tasering 8 Year Old Girl Was Best Option; Family Outraged
Apple thinks women will be happy with four inches
Police surprise motorists with Xbox, hatchet gifts during traffic stops
Edible, 3D-Printed Electronic Jell-O Needs Salt
Autopsy: Waitress caught head in dumbwaiter at Wisconsin restaurant; died of head injuries
Don't want a computer virus? Visit porn sites, not church sites.
Maple Leafs' Bernier calls Nelson Mandela 'one of the most known athletes'
Bob Dylan, In New Album, Will Cover Frank Sinatra
Actor Aaron Paul (aka. Jesse Pinkman) Launches "Yo, B*tch" App
First Kim Jong-Un, Now Putin: Dennis Rodman Says Russian President Is 'Actually Cool
I'm Lovin' it: McDonald's shows PORN as TV gaffe serves customers an X-rated side order - Mirror Online
Hallmark Apologizes For Selling Hanukkah Paper Covered In Swastikas
A man in rural Utah stole a children's charity bin from a Walmart then tried to sell it on a local classifieds.
Ben Edelman, Harvard Business School Professor, Goes to War Over $4 Worth of Chinese Food
Twin Battered Sister Over Sex Toy, Boyfriend
Porn Star Passes Most Difficult Bar Exam In The Country
Couple marries at Alabama thrift store after escaping life of drugs in New York
ACLU Calls on Obama to Pardon Bush Officials for Torture
UNIVERSITY SENATE MEETING: SPECIAL EMERGENCY SESSION
Three months' jail for man who swallowed memory card to rid upskirt video
Nut Rumpus Prompts Korean Airline Exec To Apologize And Resign
Peru Riled by Greenpeace Stunt at Nazca Lines
Suspected Drunk Driver Tells Deputy He Ate Beer Battered Fish
News program forced to apologize after comedian claimed Santa was fake. Twice. On live TV
News program forced to apologize after comedian claims Santa isn't real on live prime time. Twice
Class Action Finally Settled! If You Owned A Tamagotchi In The '90s, You're Gonna Be Mailed A Live Dog
Grown men racing Barbie Jeeps!
'Eye of Sauron' installation in Moscow condemned by Orthodox Church
Customization of Cakes by Customcakespune.com
Russian Orthodox Church blasts 'Eye of Sauron' design for Moscow skyscraper
Whites are more confident than ever that their local police treat blacks fairly
Dog playing with matches starts house fire in Yukon
Korean Air executive resigns over 'nut rage'
Russian Orthodox Church condemns Moscow's 'Eye of Sauron' art installation celebrating The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies
Mistletoe drone draws blood at TGI Friday's
Mountain-sized asteroid headed towards Earth
Anderson Silva: 'There's a lot of homosexuals in MMA'
Thai students' lesson in values features Hitler
Porn censorship to be protested with mass 'face-sitting' outside Parliament
Computer says no? Facebook's plan to scrap the drunken selfie
Young Jordanians returning from jihad pick up their lives, but dream of Islamic state
Man suspected of 10th OWI says he ate beer battered fish
Man arrested for filling a pothole with concrete.
Hitler Appears in Thai Video to Promote 'Values'
Sony is planning a crossover movie between Men in Black and Jump Street
Can Boys still be Boys when yes means yes?
Dutch adventurer reaches South Pole after riding tractor from Holland to Antarctica
"Don't Jerk and Drive" South Dakota's new slogan to keep you from jerking the wheel when you drive in bad conditions.
AL QAEDA ABANDONS BEHEADINGS AS THEY'RE 'BAD PR'
Study shows gentrification is not ruining enough of America
Miss Bumbum 2014 winner goes under the knife to restore her virginity
Coca-Cola brand milk underfire for sexist ads
North Korea Denies Role in "Righteous," Totally Bitchin' Sony Hack
Dumbwaiter responsible for waitress' death
Fox News Host: Get Over CIA Torture Report Because "America Is Awesome"
Thieves steal half of massive aircraft hangar
The legal system wrongs continue...
Meet Obama's Indonesian Doppelganger
Somebody May Have Tried to Poison a Bunch of Furries With Chlorine Gas
Porn censorship ruling to be protested with mass 'face-sitting' outside Parliament
A 60-year-old woman, her husband and their three children were axed to death in Pakistan in revenge for the couple marrying 28 years ago
Whale Song Explained Humpbacks synchronize their music across oceans, and there's sheet music to prove it.
Wisconsin DUI suspect blames beer-battered fish fry
Scott Walker Once Wished A Jewish Constituent 'Molotov'
Police Officer Terrified of Cows Fails to Arrest Cattle Farmer's Son
Bank of America ordered to pay Tampa family $1 million for harassing calls: "The Coniglios won a judgement of $1,051,000 - about $1,500 for each of the 700 calls made to their cellphones. David had defeated Goliath..."
Magician gets out of ticket with magic trick.
Hanukkah wrapping paper pulled from shelves due to Swastika design.
'Face-sitting' part of porn protest planned outside Parliament
Uber Fired 15 People in Email Using Comic Sans
Drug Smuggler Sues U.S. Over Dog Bite
Columbia delays finals for some after 'trauma' of Garner, Brown grand jury decisions - Yahoo News
Orange County Public Schools to create own police force
Russia scraps plans to build the eye of sauron in Moscow
Wisconsin DUI suspect blames beer-battered fish fry in 10th arrest.
Hallmark pulls gift wrap after swastika complaint
Fox News host on torture report: "America is awesome"
Hallmark pulls Hanukkah gift wrapping paper covered in swastikas
People Are Pissed at the Lakers' Comic Sans "I Can't Breathe" Shirts
Pastor Logan Robertson Tells Gay Christian: 'I Pray That You Will Commit Suicide'
HSBC To Customers: Merry Christmas, Pay Your Mortgage Or We'll Take Your House
Sony Plans 'Men in Black' - 'Jump Street' Crossover
nottheClickHole: 39 Renaissance Babies Who Can't Even
10th offense OWI suspect tells deputy he ate beer battered fish
A Lab In South Korea Will Clone Your Dog For $100,000
Promo stunt for "Hobbit" cancelled after the Orthodox Church calls Sauron's eye a "demonic symbol"
Americans Have Grown More Supportive Of Torture
No One Ever Warned Us Against Overreacting to 9/11
No one is reading the CIA torture report, so we turned it into 11 fun memes
Two Docs Got $80 Million to Develop Torture Tactics
Hallmark Removes Hanukkah Gift Wrap That Looked Like Swastikas
Wandering sheep wearing holiday sweater reclaimed by owner
Blaze Erupts at Chicago Firehouse Restaurant
Man secretly living above Denver bar falls through ceiling, gets stuck in wall
CNN Apologizes After Airing Song with 'Nigga' in Lyrics
Utah Supreme Court Says Woman Can Get Married to Dead Man
McDonald's is dying in the United States. Thank Chipotle.
Sex offender jailed for going to a public swimming pool
Sen. Inhofe Thinks Barbra Streisand Orchestrated The Whole Global Warming 'Hoax'
Hipsters are hanging Christmas tree decorations from their beards
New Jersey Cops On The Hunt For Notorious Garden State Breast Pump Thief
NK asks ex-detainee to pay bill for his stay
Columbia Law Students Allowed to Postpone Exams Following Eric Garner, Michael Brown Grand Jury Decisions
Sociology students' trip to observe 'working class culture' at Millwall FC
Ex-Steeler LeGarrette Blount Due In Court In Pot Case
Hitler Makes Inexplicable Cameo in Thai Junta's 'Core Values' Video for School Kids
Woman has boyfriend ejaculate into water bottle to confirm taste suspicions.
Woman inhaling nitrous oxide while driving crashes
Bob Dylan to release Sinatra covers album
Panel: Too many risks to lift ban on blood donations by gay men
Rudy Giuliani Says Teachers Unions Are To Blame For Violence In Black Communities
Harvard professor starts feud with Chinese restaurant over $4 overcharge
Kate can't breathe, either! A sweaty LeBron James sparks international tizzy
Boyfriend's semen put in water bottle to confirm taste suspicions
Swastika Supporters Want Their Wrapping Paper Back
Cowboys cornerback Orlando Scandrick takes no prisoners during Madden game at children's hospital
Study of poverty-ridden neighborhoods shows gentrification is not ruining enough of America
Strange but true: Seals found sexually assaulting penguins
PAEDOPHILES SET TO POSE AS GAYS TO MARRY AND ADOPT KIDS
Canadian ethicist advocates 'post-birth abortion' for newborns
Man Accused of Vandalizing Banksy Images
New York City Welds Playground Equipment So It Doesn't Move
Harvard Business Professor Battles Chinese Restaurant Over $4
"Wine Ice Cream" Is Now A Thing You Can Eat And Get Drunk On
College president sorry for saying 'All lives matter'
Montana Legislature Warns Women Members to Watch their Necklines and Skirt Lengths...and No Jeans
SantaCon Hires Civil Rights Lawyer Norman Siegel to Help with 'Transition'
David Ryfe, director of University of Iowa's School of Journalism and Mass Communication: "If it was up to me, and me alone," he told The Daily Iowan, "I would follow the lead of every European nation and ban this type of speech."
Witness gave evidence in rape case for an hour before anyone realised she wasn't speaking English
A College President Had to Apologize for Saying 'All Lives Matter'
Convicted Sex Offender Wins $3 Million Lottery Because There Is No God
Suspected drunken driver blames fish fry
Dog Playing With Matches Starts House Fire: Officials
Dogs learn a new trick: They start a house fire by playing with a box of matches
Five cars designed for the new James Bond movie have been stolen.
UNCW Track Supporters Paint "Wings Up, Don't Cut" On Spirit Rock
Oy vey! Scott Walker ends menorah letter with: 'Thank you ...and Molotov'
Obama quotes nonexistent Bible verse during speech about immigration
Chlorine gas attack at a furry convention.
THE MOST EXPENSIVE PHOTOGRAPH IN THE WORLD STILL SUCKS
Wisconsin man blames beer-battered fish during drunken driving stop
Fox News reporter stumps protestor in NYC
Watch An Actual Little Person Ask Marvin Lewis How He Game Plans For Shorter QBs
NZ stops giant paint-eating snail
Convicted sex predator wins $3 million lottery jackpot
Wisconsin Man Blames Beer-Battered Fish for 10th DUI
Trapped in a T-Bird: Hawk Stuck in Front Bumper
Comfyballs underwear 'too vulgar for sale in U.S.', Patent office says
Drug smuggler sues U.S. after being mauled by Border Patrol dog
Police: Students Stole Fraternity's Chicken, Ate It
Sexual predator wins $3 million from Florida lottery
Scott Walker Responds to Letter Regarding Menorah: 'Thank You and Molotov'
Hallmark recalls Hanukkah wrapping paper after customers find swastikas in design
Car Thief Gets Out Of Jail, Steals Another Vehicle
Dog caused house fire by chewing or playing with matches.
Watch Stephen Harper's band cover Guns N' Roses
3 Men Named Steve Mason Beat Another Man After Funeral
Buddhist monk Matthieu Ricard happiest man known to science
Honey Boo Boo star Chickadee is selling oils to protect you from Ebola
Harvard law students want examinations delayed claiming distress over the Brown and Garner cases.
Store pulls monkey nuts from shelves over 'peanut warning'
President who vowed to end war, now seeks sweeping power to expand it
Man Says He Masturbates Naked In Yard Because Mom Banned Porn: Cops
Cheney Calls for International Ban on Torture Reports
Dad Speaks Out After 21-Year-Old Sues Him to Pay College Tuition
One in five children think Jesus plays for Chelsea and the shepherds found the stable with Google maps
Bromley student told he can keep £3,600 haul of goods from Amazon after computer glitch
Which country lasts the longest watching porn? China comes out on top!
Idiotic hipsters complain about the font of 'I Can't Breathe' protest shirts
Parents: Check Your Kid's Texts for these 28 Acronyms, and What They Mean
UVM police: Students stole, killed, ate chicken
Mistletoe drone designed to snap Xmas kisses cuts woman's face
Sony running DDoS on lost file hosts
Burning money - a novel way to generate electricity in China
'Feels good': Pirate Bay co-founder celebrates its demise
Prince William and Kate Try to Seem Normal
Is this petty enough for you?
Iran Launches 'We Love Fighting Israel' Campaign
Orlando Scandrick shows no mercy playing 'Madden'
Mom Who Drove Kids into Ocean Won't Face Attempted Murder Charges
'The whole city is shocked': bare-legged woman in Kabul goes viral
This house was built without cutting trees? How Could it be?
Kim Kardashian blames God for her 'huge' pregnancy weight gain
Kenya: Al Shabaab Promoting Atheism - Wabukala
Fidel Castro wins China's 'Confucius Peace Prize'
Moscow Will Not Build an Eye Of Sauron Downtown After All
More homes eaten by raging Pacific Ocean at Washaway Beach
'Faith healer' rapist claimed he could remove vagina 'devils'
The Orthodox Church Has Stopped A Giant 'Eye Of Sauron' Being Built Over Moscow
Did rock-hard aliens turn a nubile Earth MOIST? New probe data emerges
Ex-JUDAS PRIEST Guitarist K.K. DOWNING Launches Line Of Fragrances 'Metal For Men'
Fire department called to burning bus, Crashes into bus.
Five reasons Taylor Swift isn't coming to New Zealand
Authorities Looking For Car Possibly Carrying Dead Child
Boy watched Shrek video as he waited to kill his family
The Vishwa Hindu Parishad Launches Soap, Toothpaste And Skin Cream Made From Cow Urine
Greenpeace sorry for damaging ancient heritage site in PR stunt
Atheists Are Banned From Holding Public Office In Seven US States
Russia says small military mission in east Ukraine at Kiev's request
Firefighters injured after appliance crashes into burning coach on the M1
Unwanted 'Santa' banned from local McDonald's
Police officers arrest a wanted thief after he beats them in a donut-eating contest.
Pippa Middleton Muses on Kim Kardashian's Assets
Rick Perry: Presidential Campaign's 'Not an IQ Test'
FDA Panel Endorses Lifetime Ban on Gay Blood Donation, Suggests Gay Men Are Diseased Liars
Pennsylvania Man Drunk Driving Golf Cart From Bar to Bar
Revealed: Russian Intelligence Orders Sleeper Agent Anna Chapman To Seduce Edward Snowden
Baby name heartbreak: "I didn't know it was happening to us!"
Sexual predator wins $3 million from Florida Lottery scratch-off ticket
Because the word Documentary was too confusing?
Dumb Cock Performance Artist Gets Arrested For Pulling Out His Fake Cock.
Police: Woman Arrested For Getting Into Fight With Twin Sister Over Vibrator
Man Steals 42,000 Golf Balls, Refuses to Tell Police Why, 40,000 Remain Missing
After Sony's 'Community' Was Canceled, Star Joel McHale Asked For A Discount On A Sony TV
4-Year-Old Fashion Prodigy Talks Designing A Collection For J.Crew, Is Insanely Adorable
Best Way for Professors to Get Good Student Evaluations? Be Male.
Masked men rob metro video game store, commit Grand Theft Auto and flee
Former Vice President Dick Cheney Says CIA Torture Report Is 'Full of Crap'
Father Makes Son Play Through Video Game History, Chronologically
Microsoft begins accepting Bitcoin
Palestinian Superhero 'Gaza Man' Takes on the Jews
Rick Perry: 'Running for the presidency's not an IQ test'
Bad Rap: US tried to stir unrest in Cuba by infiltrating its hip hop scene
scientists are using colour-changing cats and nursery rhymes to warn future generations of nuclear danger
China: Power plant burns banknotes instead of coal
Journal accepts bogus paper requesting removal from mailing list
EU regulators bust envelope cartel in time for holiday cards
People Feel Better About Pornography When It's Educational
Florida Thief Robs Pizza Man, Comes Forward As Witness, Blames Cousin: Cops
Timothy Poole, sexual predator, wins $3M in Florida Lottery
UK Labor MP Simon Danczuk's wife Karen selling boob selfies for £10 on eBay
My 4-year-old got drunk at preschool: Mum
Unregulated bout pits seasoned kickboxer vs. man with mental disabilities
Empathetic Flames fan puts 'City of Champions' sign up for sale
Canada: Reward doubled over potato needle sabotage
Torture report a best seller on Amazon
Convicted Sex Offender Timothy Poole Wins $3 Million Lottery Jackpot in Florida
Man arrested for 10th OWI blames beer-battered fish
Art piece depicting alien as Mormon missionary draws complaint in SLC
Lonely Planet Names Queens The Top U.S. Destination To Visit In 2015
Chelsea to Pay Living Wage
Elton John falls off chair, entertains thousands
The Torture Playlist: The songs that American guards and interrogators used to torture detainees.
George Lucas Hasn't Watched the New 'Star Wars' Trailer
Prediksi Almeria vs Real Madrid 13 Desember 2014
John Lydon says Sex Pistols are too fat to reunite
#DontJerkAndDrive is a new campaign by the South Dakota Office of Highway Safety
Facebook offers solution to end drunken posts
Utah woman wins right to marry her dead boyfriend
Friendswood Grinch Vandalizing Christmas Light Displays
Deadly suicide bombing interrupts play condemning suicide bombings
Police Say Tasering 8-Year-Old Native American Girl Was Justified
Chevy Chase thought Dan Aykroyd was thrown in Moroccan jail
People trust NSA more than Google, survey says
Hackers trick Keurigs into making uncopyrighted coffee
Two Homes Washed Away From Washaway Beach
Facebook can stop you drunk posting unflattering pictures, with the "Are you sure you want your boss and your mother to see this?" prompt.
Students Allegedly Steal, Kill And Eat UVM Fraternity's Chicken
Suspect, victims carpool to hospital after stabbing incident
Big Ass employees shop for local kids
Kentucky Revokes Tax Exemptions for Biblical Ark Park, Citing Religious Discrimination
Old iPods are selling for as much as $90,000
Malcolm Gladwell Accused of Plagiarism
CIA torture: Fox News says 'the US is awesome' - and torture report is just 'one last shot at Bush'
PETA takes issue with Nebraska player who killed raccoon in botched selfie attempt
Artist paints Kim Kardashian butt portrait with his penis
Welsh rugby fans asked to stop singing Tom Jones' 'Delilah' due to controversial lyrics
Greenpeace activists damage Peruvian heritage site to send environmental message
Undercover agent pulls gun on protesters and Reuters photographer during Oakland protest of police killings
The Second Wives Club: New Matchmaking Site for Muslim Polygamists
Bare-legged woman walking through Kabul streets shocks world
Satan Behind Bill Burr's Netflix Special?
Danish artist uses penis to paint potrait of Kim Kardashian's bum
Facebook knows its users are human
Kim Kardashian Blames God For Pregnancy Weight Gain
'Don't Jerk and Drive' campaign stirs discussion
Man secretly living above Denver restaurant arrested after falling through ceiling, getting trapped in wall
Mom of boy mauled by pit bull can't understand why dog has webcam.
FDNY drops physical test requirement amid low female hiring rate
Astronomers Say: Centre Of The Milky Way Galaxy Is Raspberry Flavoured
Popular Songs The CIA Used To Torture Detainees
Chris Christie Now More Like Half an Elephant
Police searching for car that may have dead child in trunk
Actor charged with killing and eating ex-girlfriend's pet rabbit
In Missouri, it's not only a trend; it's the law. In August 2013, the state legislature voted to require every school district to conduct simulated shooter drills.
Boy Gets Plastic Nazi Ring as Prize from a Family Dollar Vending Machine
Bacon, dog psychic turn up zilch in search for dog
App lets you wake up with a stranger
SantaCon hires civil rights lawyer to fight bar-crawl Scrooges
'Pork or nothing': Mayor makes Muslim kids to go meatless at French school
Make sure to hire the Prime Minister of Canada for your next corporate Christmas Party
New York state pension fund paid New Castle cop for 28 years after he died
E. Wash. pot grower has trouble giving away $14,000
First pictures of the 'bird boy' who was raised as a pet and can only communicate by chirping
US agency infiltrates Cuban hip-hop scene to spark youth unrest
Los Angeles actor charged with cooking, eating ex-girlfriend's rabbit
Tides wipe out two homes on Washaway Beach
Twitter co-founder 'doesn't give a shit' that Instagram has more users
Andrew Cuomo Meets With Admitted Former Crack Dealer Jay-Z to Discuss Police Policy
Best Buy Promotes Itself With Hilarious Reference To Real-Life Murder
Cat Survives 36 Days In A Box After Movers Accidentally Ship Her To Hawaii
Julian Assange spearheads funding drive for life-size statue of himself
Hundreds of Rats Take Over Home, Owner Not Too Upset
Industrial band Skinny Puppy demand $666,000 after music is used in Guantánamo torture
Study supports the theory that 'men are idiots'
20% of English children think Jesus Christ is a Chelsea player, and not the Son of God
Jesus Christ plays for Chelsea - that's what one in five children think
The 28 texting acronyms every parent should know | fox13now.com
Buy 5 Seconds in Hollywood???
Woman uses sperm from oral sex to get pregnant, force child support
FDA panel endorses lifetime ban on gay blood because gay men are diseased liars
NFL star Orlando Scandrick shows no mercy to sick kids while playing video game
'Sons of Anarchy' actor Dimitri Diatchenko arrested after allegedly killing and eating ex-girlfriend's pet rabbit
US tried to undermine Cuba by infiltrating its underground hip-hop scene
Police Officer Sees Graffiti Artist "Tag" a Building, So He Runs Him Over With His Car
Man steals $1.5M worth of Nike Sneakers
Health Goth: When Darkness and Gym Rats Meet
Joe Biden: "I'll Kill Your Son"
Chicago cop disciplined for playing 'Sweet Home Alabama' at protest
Play about suicide bombing literally goes out in a bang
Suicide Bombing at Kabul School During Play About Suicide Bombing
Sons of Anarchy actor eats ex-girlfriend's pet rabbit, sends her pictures
Turnbull Insists Thing Built To Filter The Internet Is Not An Internet Filter
Colorado Prisons Allowing Recreational Marijuana
Karma is Weird: Convicted Child Molester Snags $3 Million in Florida Lottery
Bacon, pet psychic turn up zilch in search for dog
Wisconsin man blames beer battered fish on 10th DUI
Study: Men are just more likely to be idiots
Supreme Court's Missing Man: Plaintiff Whose Case Was Accepted by High Court in Rare Move Has Disappeared
Beer-Battered Man Blames Beer- Battered Fish for 10th DWI
Greenpeace Apologizes For Stunt At Peru's Sacred Nazca Lines
Why Comic Sans Works On The "I Can't Breathe" Shirts | A Font Should Help Convey The Tone Of The Message It Delivers. Comic Sans Does Just That For The Protest Shirts NBA Players Are Wearing
The amazing moment two lions learn who is boss when they attack a BABY buffalo
Labor workers ride Rp. 50 million Kawasaki Ninja as they protest against low minimum wage
Serial foot-licker on lam: Cops
Sakshi Maharaj reveals BJP's long standing tie to Nathuram Godse
Father of the Internet tells Putin that the internet is not a CIA project
Zuckerberg says Facebook is 'thinking' about the demand for a dislike button
Mullawallah too hard to spell to be name of suburb, Ballarat council decides
China, Russia And Iran Lecture The US On Human Rights
University of Western Sydney study finds Australian babies understand Canadian accents better
10-year-old boy in jail months after allegedly beating 90-year-old woman to death
comment voir les messages de quelqu'un
The hero of the Territory, Spice Man, is on a one-man guerilla art crusade
Kids Try To Rob Bank With Toy Rifles - Police
Bear bites off worker's hand at beer factory in Russia
Paramount is campaigning "Transformers: Age of Extinction" for Best Picture.
4-Year-Old Boy Finds Nazi-Themed Toy In Store's Vending Machine
Julian Assange Is Crowdfunding a Life-Size Statue of Himself
Alan Titsmarch finds Magic mushrooms at Buckingham Palace. "Her royal HIGHness indeed"
A boxer died during a match at only 24!
Facebook Tells Parents: "Don't Ban Facebook"
Article: Which surveillance agency just released an encryption app for kids? GCHQ
Does Mark Wahlberg want a 'white privilege' pardon?
Moja strona o maszynach badawczych
Republicans: We Will Keep the Government Open If We Can Pollute the Air and Water More
Real estate cosplay: NYC developers trying to make 'Steampunk Luxury Condos' happen
US Congress Passes Venezuela Sanctions Bill Due To Human Rights Violations Against Caracas Protesters
Pope: "Some Dogs Go to Heaven"
Package thief tricked into taking parcel of poop
Iranian hackers used Visual Basic malware to wipe Vegas casino's network
Cults, Drug Addicts Fomented Ukraine Revolution - Russian Drug Tsar:he claims to have identified the cause of the Ukrainian revolution - which, he said, was enacted by brainwashed methadone addicts by an alleged cult
14 African Countries Forced by France to Pay Colonial Tax For the Benefits of Slavery and Colonization
Italian thieves nab 260 tons of Swiss chocolate
I Tried to Get Drunk on Alcoholic Chocolates
Face-sitting protest outside parliament against new porn rules
Magic Mushrooms Found in Queen Elizabeth's Garden at Buckingham Palace
Jingle Beards: Hipsters are putting Christmas ornaments in their facial hair now
Man found naked and masturbating outside home told police mother won't allow pornography inside house
Bachmann tells Obama to bomb Iran at Christmas Party
In Nobel Laureate's State, BJP Lawmakers Congratulate The Wrong Kailash
Korean Air executive apologizes after macadamia nut incident sparks national outrage
Kim Kardashian 'offered $1m' to spend night with Saudi prince
Catholic university offers pro-choice internships for students
Don't Jerk And Drive Campaign Pulled
Rats like sexy underwear too! Rodents prefer females clad in BRAS compared to their naked counterparts, study reveals
Human Rights Watch would prefer we not have to go back in time to stop killer robots
Kim Kardashian Blames God for Her ''Huge'' Pregnancy Weight
Kim Kardashian: God Made Me 'Huge' While Pregnant for a Reason
Videos Emerge of Suicide Bombing at Kabul School During Play About Suicide Bombing
Baby snatching North Korean's castrate dwarfs and 'disappear' the disabled
Dallas Cowboys player annihilates child he was visiting at a Children's Hospital in a game of Madden; including employing an onside kick and a 2pt conversion while having the lead.
Families to pose with Santa, firearms at local gun range
Magic mushrooms found growing in Buckingham Palace gardens (x-post /r/worldnews)
Florida Couple Arrested for Squatting in Million-Dollar Home
Actor accused of killing, skinning and then eating ex-girlfriend's pet rabbit
Dogs in Heaven? Pope Francis Leaves Pearly Gate Open
CIA Torture Report Now an Amazon Bestseller
Scandrick Schools Boy At 'Madden": All In Fun
Fox News headline: "Andrew Cuomo Meets with Admitted Former Crack Dealer Jay-Z to Discuss Police Policy"
Study Finds Men Take More 'Idiotic' Risks Than Women
Untrained CIA Agents Were Just Making Up Torture Methods As They Went Along
Lawyer gets stolen by his own client after taking him out of prision (portuguese - translation in comments)
ORIFLAME продукция для женщин Зарегистрировавшись в системе вы самостоятельно сможете приобретать товар через интернет со скидкой 18% от цены указанной в красном прямоугольнике. Регистрация тут http://oriflame7283.blogspot.ru/
Texans fan posts photo of plane tickets; rival fan cancels flight
Most Death By Stupidity Cases Involve Men, Study Shows
Mass 'facesitting' straddles Parliament Square to resist 'sexist' porn laws
12 sailors implicated in submarine shower scandal
Parks Dept. Puts a Stop to Spinning Playground Equipment After Injuries
Swiss McDonald's accidentally shows porn to custom
Pope Francis says all dogs do go to heaven
Greenpeace says sorry after Peru stunt damages Nazca lines
Pastor opens church in Buffalo Wild Wings
Finally! Ornaments for Your Beard
Moscow embraces 'hipster Stalinism'
Visiting soldier can't stay in wife's apartment, landlord says
McDonald's Will Stop Serving Overweight Customers Beginning 1/15/15
Creed singer Scott Stapp threatened to kill President Obama, believes he is CIA agent, family says in panicked 911 call
We need more babies! Seriously, this is a problem
South African child is suing government because they did not advise his mother to abort him.
Ugly sweaters for rent!
Darwin Awards: "Men are idiots and idiots do stupid things", finds study
A Med Student Who Had a Pen Shoved Into His Brain Is One of Russia's Latest War on Terror Targets
World's first phone walking lane for pedestrians addicted to texting
Steven Mason, Stephen Mason and Stevin Mason Beat Another Man After Funeral: Police
Man avoids licence fee fine because TV on other side of house
Dogs go to heaven; Pope Francis' remarks spark jubilation, consternation
Steven, Stephen and Stevin Mason: Police say man and sons beat another man after funeral
Canada is making it harder and more expensive for its sailors to get drunk
Cartoon of kids asking Santa to 'Keep us safe from the police' draws ire
China bans the singing of its national anthem at weddings, funerals and other 'non-dignified' events
Charli XCX Accepts Hitmaker Honor: 'Really Cool' To Be at Event 'Where Over Half the People in the Room Have Vaginas'
SD State Officials Have Pulled "Don't Jerk And Drive" Ads
How to drive in the rain: A guide for Southern Californians
Donald Sterling to Play Santa Claus at Toy Drive in Watts Projects
Bush Convicted of War Crimes in Absentia
Stinky revenge: Couple tricks holiday Package thief into stealing box of dog poop
College football recruit announces top 3 using 'Elf Yourself' video
Creed singer Scott Stapp claimed to be a CIA agent trained to kill Obama: 911 call
New 'Islamic doll' launched in Britain has no facial features
Researchers use real data rather than theory to measure the cosmos
Group of Harvard students holds protest for Michael Brown and Eric Garner during Primal Scream, a biennial naked run around campus, resulting in the Dean of the College being swooped onto the back of a naked runner
SCOTUS Rules Workers Don't Need To Be Paid for All Their Time Working
Pope Francis says dogs can go to heaven
Carjacker had 'over-riding desire to leave Crieff'
Former Creed frontman claimed to be a CIA agent and his mission was to kill Obama.
The U.S. Is Worried About Nigeria's Human Rights Abuses
Creed Singer Scott Stapp Threatened To Kill Obama
Police officer fired for not using force
Obama: 'I Spend Most of My Time Watching ESPN in the Morning'
Greenpeace damages a nation's treasured ancient archaeological site to say "The future is renewable"
Mark Wahlberg wants felony record wiped clean... so he can become a cop
South Dakota pulls 'Don't Jerk and Drive' safety campaign
South Dakota nixes 'don't-jerk-and-drive' campaign | NewsCut | Minnesota Public Radio News
Pastor dresses horse in wedding gown to protest gay marriage
Apple co-founder sold his 10% stake for $800 in 1976 and put it into gold
Crazed Greenpeace activists destroy ancient Nazca lines - Peru outraged over Greenpeace publicity stunt
Couple Wins $1M Suit Against Major Bank for 'Outrageous' Robocall Harassment
Sierra Leone cancels Christmas amid Ebola fight
UK stages a mass face-sitting protest against new porn restrictions
Ohio State coach Urban Meyer's wife, Shelley, celebrated her 50th birthday and her hair caught on fire
The "Right to Pee" Movement for Access to Bathrooms Is Gaining Momentum Across India
Over 2000 People Have Ordered a 'NoPhone'
Rat problem worsens at One World Trade Center offices of Conde Nast
Men are officially more stupid than women
Dancing Gangnam Style ain't easy for a torture victim shackled in Gitmo
Lawyer fights for Santa's right to party
Zombies or Dumb Students? About 100 Brains Missing From University
Ontario's milk war ends: 3-litre milk containers now legal [xpost /r/canada]
Men Far More Likely to Die Stupid Deaths
Congress poised to end where it started
Cruz: Stop Blaming Bush for Things He Did
Torture Report: Amazon Users Complain It's Hard to Read on Kindle
Girl, 11, snuck out of Arkansas home after stealing $10,000 from her grandmother's sock drawer and hailed a $1,300 cab ride to Florida to meet a boy
Joe Biden beat up a guy in a doughnut shop once
11-Year-Old Arkansas Girl Hails Cab ... to Florida
Korean Air's Chairman Removes Daughter From Executive Posts After Nut Dustup
People Are Complaining the Torture Report Is 'Unreadable' on Amazon Kindle
New Jersey parents ordered to pay estranged adult daughter's college tuition
Nazi Wrapping Paper?! Woman Outraged Over Swastika-Filled Hanukkah Gift Wrap
Christmas Henry vacuum cleaner nativity made in Westcliff-on-Sea
Major ISIS Twitter Propagandist Unmasked As Pizza-Loving Indian Businessman
Driver admits using heroin before crashing on way to get more, police say
Greenpeace vandalizes 2,000 year old Nazca line in Peru.
Man says he records CLE EMS workers sleeping in ambulance; unclear whether the workers were on break
'Vulgar' undies Comfyballs denied a U.S. trademark
Sweden says it will pursue a feminist foreign policy to counter macho Russian aggression ...
Korean Air Chairman Admits He Failed To Raise His 'Nut-Rage' Daughter Properly
Korean Air chairman apologises for daughter's 'nut rage'
A sheep found wandering the streets in a Christmas sweater
Pope refuses to meet with Dalai Lama for fear of offending the Chinese.
Are Men Idiots Who Do Stupid Things? Study Says Yes
S. Korea tests bugs as future food
Dave Chappelle says police choked him on his own movie set
Peruvian Government Livid After Greenpeace Activists Walk Across Nazca Lines
"Don't jerk and drive," reminds naïve South Dakota Department of Public Safety.
Oklahoma boy puts quarter in vending machine, gets Nazi ring
NASA to receive more money than it requested for 2015
Las Vegas Grindcore Band Crashes Newt Gingrich Rally
Study shows "Old person smell" is real
Georgia gun range lets kids pose with gun-toting Santa Claus
Scientists say "Old person smell" is real
Agen Casino Terpercaya - Cristiano Ronaldo Merupakan Kapten Terbaik Di Liga Champions
Russia: Stray cat enjoys $1,000 fish feast
Dead Coyote Hung From Tree With Christmas Bow
Hallucinogenics mushrooms found in the Queens garden
Cops kill cow after wild chase through Pocatello's north side; animal ran into traffic after escaping from butcher shop
James Franco and Seth Rogen really did get 'Naked and Afraid'
Jeb Bush Awards Hillary Clinton Liberty Medal
Greenpeace stunt damages ancient Peruvian Nacza lines.
The Satanic Statue Being Made for Oklahoma's Statehouse Is Coming Along Nicely
Car-melting London skyscraper to be permanently cooled down
Pastor Dresses Horse in Wedding Dress to Protest Same-Sex Marriage
Maine Gynecologist Loses License for Prescribing Marijuana To Men
Peru Is Indignant After Greenpeace Makes Its Mark on Ancient Site
Obama Favors Sanctions for Abuse of Venezuela Protesters
Young Florida couple arrested for squatting in million-dollar home.
Barber And Staver: The Fight Against Gay Marriage Is 'The Next Civil Rights Movement'
Degree in One Year | Fast Track Degree in One Year BA MBA BBA BCA MCA B.Tech M.Tech Degree Dehli, Distance Learning Courses
Greenpeece protest the destruction of Earth by damaging a World Heritage Site
Deer shot after breaking into Loudoun Valley High School
Woman jailed for saying "fuck the police" awarded $100,000 in 1st amendment violation settlement
You Don't Have To Kill Prostitutes In 'GTA V'
John Kirakou: Only CIA Agent Jailed for Torture Program Is Whistleblower Who Confirmed Its Existence
China bans its own national anthem | World news
r/NotTheOnion Becomes r/Offbeat: Reporters Ask What The Fucking Point Of This Sub Is
Nigel Farage Tried To Get Enoch Powell's Public Backing For By-Election
Fish Hide From Predators By Smelling Like Coral
These pills will make you poop rainbow Glitter
Iowa replaces drivers license with app
Russia's Monuments Keep Getting Graffitied with Ukrainian Flags
Police kill escaped cow after wild chase through Pocatello
Life is a struggle on €232,000, says university president
Tow Truck Driver Says He Found Masturbating Cop In Car He Was About To Tow
Daniel Radcliffe, "Worst role I was offered was for Wizard of Oz remake"
Traumatic Anal Devastation Interrupts Newt Gingrich Rally
Korean Air executive to quit remaining posts after nuts scandal
EastEnders actor with dwarfism sues Post Office over chip-and-pin machines
Climate conference makes its mark with vast carbon footprint
'Men Are Idiots,' Says Study In Prestigious Medical Journal
Dutch retirement homes offer frat house alternative
COGIC Presiding Bishop Charles E. Blake, Sr. Declares December 14th "Black Lives Matter Sunday"
Congress Talks GMO Labeling, Actually Makes Sense
Dutch marriage proposal sees crane smash IJsselstein house
South Dakota halts 'Dont Jerk and Drive' campaign
CIA morale 'deeply hurt' following Senate report
When Expressing Sympathy Is Racist
Sarah Palin: 'Convert Mexicans to Christianity'
Millersville Police: Men stopped with dead fetus in car had permit
Acupuncture helps sick owls return to wild in Spain
Yahoo Starts Prompting Chrome Users To "Upgrade" To Firefox
'Twin' from 'Nobody's born gay' billboard: I am gay and I'm not a twin
PETA calls for Husker player who killed raccoon after botched selfie to be punished
Google updates Cardboard VR headset app after selling half-million units
Disney's long-lost first Christmas film turns up near the Arctic Circle
Putin's Tiger Filmed Eating Domestic Dog
Butt-Breathing Turtle Now Critically Endangered [x-post /r/worldnews]
Chinese restaurant gives 'heavy' discount to obese men, thin women
Problems After Updating to iOS 8.1.2?
Boy gets Nazi ring from vending machine.
This scientist solved the mystery of belly button lint
Hillary Clinton wins award from gay hookup app
Bottom's Up: Study Shows Americans Prefer Butts Over Breasts
Dutchman tries to pop question, destroys house, goes on holiday
Columnist in Kentucky newspaper questions whether "boys can still be boys when yes means yes"
Austin man finds Jesus on homemade tortilla
Deadliest US sniper's greatest foe was tween playing Call of Duty
Model used in anti-gay billboard not a twin, actually gay.
Pastor told gay Christian: Go kill yourself
Greenpeace Irreparably Damage Ancient Nazca Lines
Chromecast gets Guest Mode, now doubles up as dog whistling device
Nike Exec Leaves the Company Because He Hates Portland
Netherlands Asks Bankers to Swear to God
The Islamic State issues guide on when it's okay to beat your sex slave
Sidney Crosby says he doesn't have mumps despite looking like he has mumps
The foreign students accidentally trapped in Ukraine's war.
Mother forces her son to wear a dress as punishment for wetting his bed
The man behind the political cash grab: A powerful Democratic lawyer crafted the campaign finance deal.
Ferguson to Increase Police Ticketing to Close City's Budget Gap
Couple fined for not registering a dog they don't have
featured-img Office of the Governor of New York Andrew Cuomo Meets With Admitted Former Crack Dealer Jay-Z to Discuss Police Policy
Office of the Governor of New York Andrew Cuomo Meets With Admitted Former Crack Dealer Jay-Z to Discuss Police Policy
China's "stealth" J-31 visible on radar
Birmingham church to be held in Buffalo Wild Wings
Für Leute mit dem Grünen Daumen:
Lewiston gynecologist surrenders license after admitting treating male patients
"Don't Jerk & Drive" Campaign To Be Removed
Nancy Grace Apologizes to Ben Affleck's Penis
'I Was Trippin": Check Out Man's Reaction as He Captures on Video a Violent Force of Nature Rarely Seen in His City
How Greenpeace Wrecked One of the Most Sacred Places in the Americas
A gay Catholic religion teacher has been sacked for getting married to a man at Spain
Creed singer thinks he's CIA with a mission to kill Obama
Why Enoch Powell would never have backed Ukip.
Student accused of spiking teacher's drink with 'Horny Goat Weed'
Gerard Depardieu 'Shot And Ate Two Lions' In Africa
The Queen of England grows magic mushrooms in the royal garden
US Navy announces 'Silent Nemo' - the underwater tuna fish spy drone
Keurig 2.0 Hacked to Make Unauthorized Coffee
Police: Truant teen killed his father with a crossbow to avoid punishment
CIA Torture Made Latin America Safe for China
NASA to be overfunded in 2015, its future as bright as the Sun.
Woman wakes up to find stranger's baby sleeping in her bed
Police: DNA from beard leads to burglary arrest
Irony alert: How a protest about porn turned into a lot of men gawping at women.
Man hires crane to propose to girlfriend but instead it smashes through neighbour's ROOF
GOP Senators Upset They Have to Work on the Weekend
Skinny Puppy demands $666,000 in royalties from U.S. government for using their music in Guantanamo torture
Strap This Wind Turbine To Your Electric Car and You Can Drive Forever
Native American Council Offers Amnesty to 220 Million Undocumented Whites
Bob Dylan Performs Concert for One Guy
Bachmann: Obama Was 'Condescending and Patronizing' to Me
Why you should reconsider that crane in your marriage proposal
Spain passes anti-protest bill, to considerable protest
South Los Angeles hit by a small tornado and Angelina Jolie got chicken pox
US co-opted Cubas hip-hop scene to spark change
Prediksi AC Milan vs Napoli 15 Desember 2014 | Citibet88.net
Facebook is working on an app to stop you from drunk-posting
Students stole fraternity's chicken, ate it.
Man Escapes America To North Korea, Calls U.S.A 'Mafia Enterprise'
Ex-judge convicted of planting drugs on woman
Marriage proposal by crane goes terribly wrong
Mama June Shannon gets offer to star in sex tape
Propaganda video from North Korean authorities taken off YouTube for using images from Call of Duty
Crane crashes through roof as marriage proposal goes awry
Woman Finds Car Covered In Glue After Dispute Over Parking Spot At Walmart
'Bullet-looking missile thing' turns heads along highway south of Boulder
Horse wears wedding dress on lawn of U.S. courthouse
Dick Cheney Would Torture Again
Human taste for alcohol linked to apes eating rotten fruit
Billionaire David Koch Says He's a Social Liberal
Prediksi Everton vs QPR 16 Desember 2014 | Citibet88.net
Protesters stage mass 'face-sitting' against new porn laws
Dick Cheney on CIA Torture: "I'd Do it Again in a Minute!"
Everything You Need To Know About Lumbersexuals
Man uses long lost daughter as his girlfriend after connecting with her through Facebook
Does Elf on the Shelf have a sinister side? UOIT prof thinks so
Koch brother: I'm a social liberal
Man can't challenge $280K tax bill he probably doesn't really owe, Pa. court says
Mumps outbreak puzzles NHL
Butthole Eaten At Lions Tailgate
30,000 People Really Did Buy Poop On Black Friday
A baby is like a new cell phone, feels Kutcher
Morgan Freeman: Movie Pirates Have Tiny, Useless Penises
Celebs Gather to Honor Birthday of Noted Cat Enthusiast, Taylor Swift
An unlikely match as North Korea's deaf football team plays in Sydney
Police snap up mud crab thought to be intruder in West End home
New York schoolboy who made $72MILLION trading stocks on his lunch breaks
Dutch marriage proposal wrecks house
Llandudno United beat Llandudno Athletic 25-0
How Can You Tell If Your Goat Is Happy? Now We Know!
Watchdog: Radioactive Fukushima water to be cleaned, dumped into Pacific
Mississippi pastor trots out horse in wedding dress to protest gay marriage
MA (Masters) in White Power
Dick Cheney insists 'rectal feeding' was for medical reasons, not torture
13 cops relieved over jogger's rape
South Dakota nixes 'don't-jerk-and-drive' campaign
Couple close to death after night stuck in keyless car
Cheney to lead torture-pride parade
High school student scores $72M playing the stock market
F1 champion Lewis Hamilton wins BBC award
Cow Escapes Butcher Shop In Idaho
David Bowie Turned Down Coldplay Collab Because It Wasn't Good Enough
Guantanamo detainees were rickrolled: Image 31 of 38 ..
Hostage situation reportedly unfolding in Sydney chocolate shop
Google spends €300,000 on office Christmas party
Ukip candidate jokes about 'shooting peasants' in racist and homophobic rant
Secret U.S. plan to spark Cuban revolution with hip-hop fails
Woman arrested for attending football game dressed as a man in Saudi Arabia
Pirate Bay Shutdown Has Had Virtually No Effect On Digital Piracy Levels
South Dakota Pulls 'Don't Jerk and Drive' Ad Campaign
Protestors 'face-sit' outside parliament to protest recent porn law changes.
Uber introduces surge pricing in downtown Sydney during hostage siege
Nightclub On Airplane To Help Clubbers Avoid Exhaustion By Traveling Backwards Through Timezones
UBER Increase Prices During Sydney Siege
Ukip candidate Kerry Smith jokes about 'shooting peasants' in racist and homophobic rant
Friend of mine in Texas got this from the DMV today
British Royal Family Releases Photos of Adorable Welfare Baby ..
Schmidt: Google Now Best Way to Evade NSA
Tượng đá quý | Tượng Kỳ Lam Ngọc Phật bằng đá sapphire
Seth Rogen Thanks Amy Pascal for "Having the Balls" to Make The Interview
Spicy flu fighting soup recipe
Why Librarians Are Defending Your Right to Watch Porn at the Library
[xpost from r/science] A US Army interrogator bonded with an Iraqi Insurgent because the insurgent was a big fan of Jack Bauer
Drugs, hot tub, Playstation seized inside prison
South Dakota Ends Its Controversial 'Jerking Isn't A Joke' Campaign
Buildings Evacuated After Marriage Proposal Flop
Girl disguised as man caught in Saudi stadium
What should Uruguay do with its Nazi eagle?
Crane Smashes Through Home After Marriage Proposal Goes Horribly Wrong
Woman sitting on park bench brutally attacked by group of teenagers ..
Across America, whites are biased and they don't even know it
Police asked me for an ISIS flag, says former terror suspect
Impatient Passenger Deploys Airplane's Emergency Slide to "Get Off The Plane Quicker"
Man tries to propose, destroys house
Faceless 'Deeni Doll' Wearing Hijab Launched in Britain for Muslim Girls
Man attempts surprise proposal on crane, accidentally breaks building
Idiot Marriage Proposal Leaves at Least Six People Homeless
Did a UFO disguised as an angel save British soldiers in World War I?
BABY BORN AT 10:11, 12/13/14
Native Americans grant amnesty
West Des Moines Baby Born on 12/13/14 at 15:16
Shefford cafe's singing polar bear probed over noise
Florida man masturbates outside after mom won't let him watch porn in the house
Hackers won't release Sony workers' personal info if they object
CIA tortured German it mistook for a terrorist
WOWSOME Motion Prints: "Prints to Live"
Frozen Director Now Apologizes to Parents for 'Let It Go'
Creationist Group Fights For Its 'Fundamental Rights' To $18 Million In Tax Incentives
Prof: 'Elf on the Shelf' conditions kids to accept surveillance state
Rooster rescued from burning apartment
'World's biggest orgy' at Great Barrier Reef - Rare mass coral spawning delights marine scientists.
Sydney teen who yelled 'Kill the Jews' sentenced to Shabbat dinner
Islamic preacher: ISIS beheads 'to save American lives'
Anti-gay activist complains bakeries won't make 'gay marriage is wrong' cake
Coaches Accused of Assault Drove School Vehicle to Scene of Crime
'World's biggest orgy' at Great Barrier Reef.
Aaron Hernandez Murder Trial Delayed by Other Aaron Hernandez Murder Trial
George W. Bush's Advice: Don't Paint your Mom or Wife
China clears man 18 years after his execution
Face-sitting' protest held over UK porn censorship law
Banana Experiment - Life Lesson Inspiration
Wisconsin Man Could Not Resist Sex With Couch
Fare-dodging banker banned from City
Angry monk slaps Western expat across the face on train in Thailand after victim offered his double seat to two women.
Amazon declares war on punctuation
Pentagon assures girl they are ready to track Santa
SC landlord says visiting solder can't stay in wife's apartment
Laughing gas shows promise for severe depression, pilot study suggests
Fund Manager in London Who Dodged Train Fares Is Barred From Financial Jobs
When Amazon went to war against punctuation
New York City fire department drops physical test to boost female hiring.
Outrage at selfies being snapped outside Sydney siege
Koch brothers slam House GOP bill to extend tax breaks
Woman awarded $100,000 in Free Speech settlement after being arrested for saying "Fuck the Police" to police
Deemed punk rock, snail named after The Clash singer Joe Strummer
Gerard Depardieu boasts he ate two lions during Africa holiday
Jade Sylvester Eats A Roll Of Toilet Paper Every Day
Uber Turned on Surge Pricing during Sydney hostage siege
Bodybuilder mom aims to be first Slavic female Sacramento cop.
Study Confirms That Men Are Total Idiots
Crane crashes into house as wedding proposal goes wrong
Florida Cop Pulls Over Harvard Grad for Blasting "Fuck Tha Police"
Stuck in Gitmo, torture victim weighs in on LeBron, 'Gangnam Style'
Ultraconservative Lawmaker Hunts for Teens at Gay Club
Ohio teen refuses to do homework until school brings back Ten Commandments plaque.
Man deploys planes emergency slide 'to exit faster'
South Dakota cancels 'Don't Jerk and Drive' campaign
Near extinction: Turtle that breathes through its butt
Hipsters are destroying urban parks by eating them
Group 'seeks Gandalf' for president
Elf On The Shelf conditions children to accept a surveillance state, argues professor
Bitcoin-Based Poop Delivery Service Earned $10K in a Month
5 northern white rhinos left in the world
Man Orders iPhones, Gets Wooden Sticks
Uber Sorry After 'Surge Pricing' Sees $100 Fares In Sydney Hostage Crisis
Russia eyes non-nuclear response to unnamed enemy
Putin's tiger continues its killing spree: Beast released into wild by Russian president now filmed feasting on a pet DOG as it terrorises Chinese villages
Dick Cheney Defends the Torture of Innocents
Communists, Locals Defend Seafood-Guzzling Cat Over Midnight Feast in Store
Texas county welcomes newest deputy -- Taylor the Elf
Man smashes Starbucks window, blames Joan of Arc.
'Frozen' Director Apologizes to Parents for 'Let It Go'
The War on Christmas is over. Jesus won.
UK Porn Stars Debate Today's "Mass Face-Sitting" Protest Outside Parliament.
Jeffrey Gamblero, Brooklyn Nets superfan with prosthetic leg, dead after fall from window - two weeks after being kicked out of Madison Square Garden
Sales of macadamias soar in Korea after nut rage
LISA ANN RETIRES FROM PORN TO PURSUE UNDEFEATED FANTASY FOOTBALL SEASON
New Bond film's script stolen and leaked by hackers
Guy in Santa Suit Robs S.F. Bank During SantaCon
The First Novel Based on the CIA Torture Report Was Written by an Algorithm
Top Financier Skips Out On Train Fare, Gets Barred From His Profession For Life
Rigged: Slipknot Percussionist Shawn "Clown" Crahan
Chase through Idaho town's streets ends in cow's death
27 weirdest news stories of 2014
Sandy Hook victims' families file lawsuit against gun maker
Woman Delivers Baby In Strip Club Parking Lot
Cow bolts butcher shop, police give chase
Cuomo to sign law banning tattoos and piercings on pets
Spanish newspapers beg for help as Google News closure looms
Obese Dachshund Sheds 50 Pounds, Poses For Hot Dog Calendar
Uber Turned on Surge Pricing for People Fleeing Sydney Hostage Scene
High School Teen Makes $72 Mil Casually Trading Stocks During Lunch
Cow Escapes Idaho Slaughterhouse, Killed After Wild Police Chase
UPDATE: Four more cows escape from Pocatello meat plant; two at large
Pastor Who Told Gay Christian He Should Commit Suicide Tells News Reporter That He Should Also Commit Suicide
Frozen director says "sorry" to parents who have heard "Let It Go" a million times
Frozen director apologizes for Let it Go
30,000 People Bought Actual Poop From Cards Against Humanity
Cards Against Humanity Sent 30,000 Customers Actual Sh-t
China Creates Ministry Dedicated to Reminding the World That Japan Is Bad
Honey Boo Boo's Mom offered $1 Million for 'Hillbilly Porn Tape'
Oakland: Two dozen arrested in protest at police HQ
Sandy Hook parents, teacher sue gunmaker over 2012 attack
Poisonous Zamboni sends 81 people to hospital
Villagers in Kazakhstan Are Falling Asleep En Masse for No Apparent Reason | VICE | United States
35 years for Indiana man in Russian roulette death.. I actually thought I was being trolled and still kinda do.
South Dakota Yanks 'Don't Jerk and Drive' Ad Campaign
Amputee Viktoria Modesta Is 'The World's First Bionic Pop Star'
'Daddy can knit': Chaplains offer knitting classes in Cass County Jail
Driver arrested for OWI, marijuana possession after chase across Bong Bridge
Hyphen Hate? When Amazon went to war against punctuation.
People Who Bought Boxes Of Sh*t From Cards Against Humanity Were Actually Surprised To Receive Sh*t
An artist has painted Kim Kardashian's butt with his penis
Indian court allows dead guru to 'meditate'
'Athena' is the first humanoid robot to be a paying airline passenger
McDonald's Customers In Japan Can Only Order Small Orders Of Fries Due To Potato Shortage
Betcha Weren't Expecting a Feminist Critique (#1): Carter the Coyote
Canadian citizen fighting ISIS in his spare time needs your help to buy night vision goggles so he can shoot terrorists at night. PLEASE DONATE! Even $5 might help kill a terrorist.
Contractor pulled from Arena renovations after CEO laughs at Sidney Crosby's mumps
Molester-Lovin' Mama June Offered $1 Million To Film BBW Freaky Flick
Indian Foreign Minister wants religious scripture Gita recognised as a 'national scripture'; Haryana Chief Minister says Gita above Constitution
Crafty crook in Santa suit robs bank during SantaCon
Feds Graciously Agree Not to Steal Restaurateur's Bank Account
Student Strikes After School Takes Down 10 Commandments Plaque
Records show darker side to grandma accused of murder
Texas Police Officer Hits 76-Year-Old with Stun Gun over Expired Tags
'Frozen' director to parents: I'm sorry for 'Let It Go'!
Sony asks media to stop covering hacked emails
'Magic' mushroom found in Buckingham Palace garden
Slime-mold beetles named for Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld -- but strictly in homage
Muslim student vandalized with eggs, hot dogs
NY high school senior says $72M net worth is not real
Hash oil cited in North Pole explosion
Article Frozen director says "sorry" to parents who have heard "Let It Go" a million times
McDonald's Japan running out of fries.
The wife of John Lennon's killer Mark Chapman says they have sex annually, make pizzas
Indiana man charged with manslaughter after playing Russian Roulette with a Semi-Automatic Pistol.
Villagers in Kazakhstan Are Falling Asleep En Masse for No Apparent Reason
Cow who escaped butcher shop shot after police chase
Rad Rides: Nuclear Power Plant Turned into Amusement Park
North Korea asks United Nations to investigate CIA torture 'crimes' | World news
Santa Claus Is Real
North Korea asks United Nations to investigate CIA torture 'crimes'
Pastor dresses horse in wedding gown to protest 'consequences' of gay marriage
Not Always Right: but always disappointing
Tình Trạng Đồng Hồ Nam Giá Rẻ Ở Hà Nội Hiện Nay
Pope wants Vatican to host 2024 Olympics
Finally Turtle Gets His Friend Back
Sydney siege: Outpouring of support for Lindt
Inspired by Facebook, Israeli couple names their daughter Like
Boris Johnson says shadow chancellor Ed Balls has the look of a man undergoing an 'unexpected prostate examination' in speech to Tory fundraisers
Man rings police after neighbour posts "creepy" picture of Cliff Richard in his window
Fired city clerk suing Grand Rapids for $1 billion
Cops killed man at Walmart, then interrogated girlfriend
Cameron Diaz Comes Out As Pro-Pubes in New Book
Detroit freeway closed due to spilled chicken wings.
Turkish football fans go on trial for alleged coup attempt
Semi Crash Spills Chicken Wings Across Detroit Freeway
Japanese McDonald's rations french fries, serves only small portions amid shortage
Russia: TV astrologer predicts rouble will hold out
Who Killed Cat Fancy?
McDonald's Will Stop Serving Overweight Customers Beginning 1/1/15
Egypt's atheists number 866 - precisely
Chrome Plans to Mark All 'HTTP' Traffic as Insecure from 2015
Passenger Deploys Emergency Slide to 'Get off the plane quicker'
The ultimate party girl gift: Pills that make you poop rainbow glitter
Central Russian region bans crisis... from public speech
Europe should not fear foreign takeovers
Putin Wins Russia's 'Man Of The Year' For The 15th Time In A Row
New York's Gov. Cuomo signs law banning tattooing and piercing pets
New poll finds majority of Americans believe torture justified after 9/11 attacks
Instant Gratification 0.0 Mile Run in Philly Announced
Donald Trump 'Very Strongly' Considering 2016 Presidential Bid
McDonald's Figures Out That People Sort of Hate Going to McDonald's
Cat Breaks Into Fish Store, Goes Through over $1,000 (€800) Worth of Seafood
Democrats demand better protections for transgender illegal immigrant children
Boy who 'made $72m' in his lunch break admits he made the story up
Chinese passenger deploys emergency slide to get off plane 'faster' in Hainan
Denmark Claims North Pole
Navy Seal responsible for taking out Bin Laden had a break in at his house. Subdues all 5 invaders and brews a cup of coffee before calling cops.
Villagers in Kazakhstan are falling asleep en mass for no apparent reason
South Dakota's 'Don't Jerk and Drive' Campaign Rubs People the Wrong Way. Ad about driving on icy roads gets pulled.
New York Mag's Boy Genius Investor Made It All Up
Russian public names Putin 'Man of the Year'
Magical Journey is No More! - Tips 4 The Top
Escaping cows cause ruckus in Idaho
Why This Company Sent Poop to 30,000 People for Black Friday
Publishers in Spain Ask Government to Force Google News to Return & Force Google to Pay
Skinny Puppy invoices US military for using its music for torture
Björn Borg is making a game, called First Person Lover, that spoofs Hatred
A 7-year-old autographed his jersey and sent it to J.J. Watt
Bill Murray Coin For Charities
Hero mom calls into CSPAN to berate her arguing pundit sons
New York bans pet tattoos and piercings.
Cow Jumps 6 foot fence to escape butcher, shot and killed by police
Taliban school attack so bad other terrorist groups have condemned it
Watch: Music video produced inside Bilibid Prison features bank robber-turned-singer inmate
Last night members of our town council voted to uphold the right of business owners to deny service to gay members of our community.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper Performs Guns n' Roses Classic 'Sweet Child O' Mine'
I bet you wish you weren't on this jury: Nude sunbather's attorney to reenact alleged crime!
Cards Against Humanity Got 30,000 People to Buy Actual Shit for $6 a Box on Black Friday
Mom Calls C-SPAN to Yell At Her Arguing Pundit Sons
Police hunt for pervert who masturbated in front of horrified passengers on London buses
Naked arsonist claiming to be Jesus Christ sets church on fire
Police: Texas Officer Kills Man Holding Spoon
Putin Named Russia's 'Man Of The Year' For The 15th Time In A Row
An Open Letter to Every Indian After the Peshawar Attack
Lima climate change talks fueled by diesel generators; solar panels 'too unreliable'
The most Googled recipe in Ukraine this year was for Molotov cocktails
Korean Air Nut Rage: Airline Faces $2 Million Fine After CEO's Daughter Freaks Out Over In-Flight Macadamia Nut Service
Congress Just Passed a Bill Addressing Police Killings While No One Was Looking
Congress decides to get serious about tracking police shootings
North Korea wants UN Security Council to discuss CIA torture
Wal-Mart CEO Says Customers Don't Want To Walk Through Huge Supercenters
Is Elf on the Shelf preparing your child to live in a police state?
Dr. Dre Inspires Dr. Dreidels
Feds used Adobe Flash to identify Tor users visiting child porn sites
Amazon removes book for containing too many hyphens
South Bend Uniform Company sells 'Breathe Easy Don't Break The Law' shirts
Man buys porn theater in an attempt to save historic Birmingham community
Poll: Majority of Americans Would Support Jeb Bush Painting
Cards Against Humanity sold 30,000 boxes of literal bull poop
Sony Hackers Threaten 9/11 Attack on Movie Theaters That Screen 'The Interview'
Self-published Kindle book removed for hyphen misuse
More carbon dioxide is a good thing, climate change isn't real, we need as much carbon as possible
Sony Execs Are Forced To Use Fax Machines Because The Hack Wiped Out Their Email
Afghan Taliban Condemn Attack On Pakistan School
North Carolina mother calls into live C-SPAN show to scold her arguing sons
Massachusetts prison does not have to pay for inmate's sex change, court rules
Mom Calls C-SPAN To Scold Pundit Sons On Live TV
Uber reaches 4x surge pricing as Sydney faces hostage lockdown
Hero Cow Escapes Slaughterhouse, Shot and Killed by Police
I Was Tired of Pressure to Get Married, So I Started a Mannequin Family
Taliban school attack so bad even other terrorist groups have condemned it
Mom Calls Into C-SPAN To Tell Her Pundit Sons To Stop Fighting [VIDEO]
Convicted Murderer`s Sentencing Delayed After Courtroom `Dumb & Dumber` Quote
PIR (Parent In Room), IPN (I'm Posting Naked) and WTTP (Want To Trade Photos): The 28 internet acronyms EVERY parent needs to look out for
"Pop Tart Gun" bill aimed to prevent punishment in young children
New York law now makes tattooing or piercing your pets illegal
Mother leaves toddlers alone in unlocked car for 20 minutes, drives into woman calling cops: police
Woodland Creatures Run Amok at Children's Fairyland
Naples priest fed up with mobiles ringing during Mass installs jamming device
NYC's First Feline Cafe Is A Cat-astrophe!
Kabul high-school hit by suicide bomber during theatre performance condemning suicide bomb attacks
Fraternity sparks outrage after posing with black 'Beyoncé' sex doll in racist Christmas card
Chinese passenger opens emergency exit 'to get some fresh air' as plane prepares for take-off
Barbie book about computer programming tells girls they need boys to code for them
Alleged 'Dumb and Dumber' reference postpones sentencing for Utah convicted killer
Suspected burglar shot by Texarkana officer was armed with a spoon
'Nut rage' gives Hawaii macadamia nuts a boost
Brothers On C-SPAN Divided By Politics, United In Mortification By Mom's Call
Man dressed as Santa robs bank during Santacon in San Francisco. The perfect crime.
New York man dies in "Freak tire swing accident".
Vinyl Café's 'Dave Cooks the Turkey' sanitized to banish turkey abuse | Toronto Star
Man unable to use arms faces gun possession charge
New renderings of future Atlanta Braves stadium show Braves losing
Is a Nintendo a safe Christmas present? From epilepsy to stroke, incontinence to Wii-itis the life-threatening conditions triggered by your console
The Elf on the Shelf is preparing your child to live in a future police state, professor warns
Man Dressed ad Santa Claus Robs Bank During Santacon
Cows Remain At Large After Breakout At Idaho Meat Plant :NPR
Man Dressed as Santa Claus Robs Bank During Santacon
Couple Gets Locked Inside Keyless Car
Manger Danger: Churches Using GPS to Track Stolen Baby Jesuses
Taser use on 8-year-old justified, police in S.D. say
Men who like spicy food are actually more alpha
Mother Claims Naughty Elves Stole Her Debit Card Information
Dr. Dreidel: Where Hip-Hop Meets Hanukkah
17-Year-Old Arrested for Stealing Ice Cream Truck
Seth Rogen and James Franco: No Interviews for the Interview
Artist gives Hanukkah a pop-culture spin with Dr. Dreidel
No Exam Delay for Oberlin Students 'Traumatized' By Grand Jury Decisions
Kiwi seniors accidentally lock themselves in Mazda3 for 13 hours, nearly die
Poisonous Zamboni Sends 81 At Hockey Game To Area Hospitals
Arctic ground squirrels unlock permafrost carbon
Followup: Pastor Who Told Gay Christian He Should Commit Suicide Tells News Reporter That He Should Also Commit Suicide.
Safety inspector died when he walked through Oxo factory 'door to nowhere' and fell 13ft into gravy-making machine
Massachusetts baby born at 10:11, 12-13-14
Scientists Debate If It's OK To Make Viruses More Dangerous In The Lab
New Lesbian Dating App called Scissr.
Restaurant refuses to serve couples on Dec 24 so singles won't be reminded of their loneliness
Dem Lawmaker Considers Legislating from Jail Rather than Resign for Teen Sex
Ghế ăn bột bằng gỗ XK817 siêu bền
Comprar Filhotes de Pit bull Rednose Bluenose - Canil Pitbull
Children's Cartoons Rife With Death and Murder, Study Finds
Harvard Grad Threatens Legal Action Over $4 Charge
TN City Bans Negative Social Media Comments About City Government, Employees, Contractors
Pharrell Williams swears he's not a vampire.
Men in recovery from Ebola should wear condoms for at least three months
City of South Pittsburg, TN bans negative speech
Israelis shot a suicide bomber, and these knuckleheads decided to parade her down the street. . .only to find the bomb had yet to go off.
McDonald's Japan is Running Out Of Fries
Scissr Lesbian Dating App Like Grindr But 'Classier,' Chicago Creator Says
North Kansas City school takes away blind child's cane, replaces it with pool noodle
Human rights activists to Drop 'Interview' DVDs Over North Korea Via Balloon
Homeless man gives student his last £3 to get home and is repaid with amazing gesture
Police apologise to Irish over kayak-on-car incident
Norton-approved jeans could keep your pockets as safe as your PC
The Taliban Killed 132 Kids, But Guns Kill 3,000 Kids In US Each Year
Joan Collins: I was stopped by US border control after wearing too much moisturiser on flight
Priest fed up with mobile phones ringing during Mass installs jamming device to stop calls and texts coming through in church
Mua Đồng Hồ Nam Ở Sài Gòn Dễ Hay Khó
Greenpeace Accidentally Destroyed A World Heritage Site
WWJT: Who Would Jesus Torture?
Deceased Ind. woman's will asks for still-living dog to be euthanized, buried with her
ISIS launch SCORPION BOMBS to spread panic in Iraq
Vladimir Putin named Russia's 'Man of the Year' for the 15th time in a row
Profs Have Stopped Teaching Rape Law Now That Everything 'Triggers' Students
man bites dog then dies at stop and shop in Cambridge.
Mom Calls Into C-SPAN to Yell at Her Pundit Sons for Arguing
The Texas A&M Board of Regents will rename an iconic ACADEMIC building after Governor Rick Perry
Siberian Official Who Killed Journalist Seeks Compensation for Ruined Vacation
P&O Ferries chef died wrapped in cling-film during kinky sex romp with cerebral palsy sufferer and his carer
P&O Ferries chef died wrapped in cling-film during kinky sex romp with cerebral palsy sufferer
Obese Man Who 'Squashed Nativity Donkey To Death' At Christmas Market Investigated By Police
Woman arrested for shoplifting during shop with a cop event
City of South Pittsburg bans negative comments
School punishes blind child by taking away cane and replacing it with a pool noodle
Ann coulter flicks her bean
Dalai Lama Says He Would Rather Be the Last Than See Someone Stupid Take His Place
School punishes blind child by replacing cane with pool noodle
Texas Plumber's Ford Truck Ends up with Terrorists
Norway Builds The World's First Bike Escalator
Pope gets cake, tango and chicken for 78th birthday.
No more large fries in Japan as McDonald's begins rationing
JK Rowling confirms that there were Jewish wizards in Hogwarts
Jets Owner "Accidentally" Favorites Tweet Calling For GM's Firing
New York Jets owner accidentally favorites tweet calling for GM to be fired
/r/NotTheOnion's Best of 2014 Awards
Sean Hannity Agrees To Rectal Feeding For Charity
Texas City plumber's truck ends up in Syrian war
BlackBerry officially launches the Classic, a smartphone for yesterday
#firstworldproblems Customers frustrated by Earl Grey shortage at some Starbucks locations
Car crashes into Walgreens, hits Salvation Army bell ringer
72-year-old woman arrested over laced cookies
Penn frat under fire for including Beyoncé sex doll in holiday photo
Johns Hopkins mistakenly says 'yes' to hundreds of rejected applicants
Sydney siege: Army commandos not called 'out of pride'
New study reveals... men are idiots
Obama: 'No Black Male My Age' Hasn't Been Mistaken for a Valet
Bake And Bend: Yoga Class In San Francisco Adds Pot To Practice
GOP Congressman Will Not Be Renewing Ownership Of "Blow-Me.Org"
Satanists 'invigorated the Christmas spirit' at Capitol (x-post /r/Michigan)
Lawsuit: GOP Rep. Who Registered Blow-Me.org Had 'Wet Dreams' About Staffer
Nativity donkey dies after being sat on in Spanish Christmas fair
Man calls police after noticing changes in his PS4 system settings
Til Darth Do Us Part
Ex-Monterey school superintendent falls because of pothole, sues city for $800,000
'Eat More Kale' Guy wins trademark battle with Chick fil-A. Vermont rejoices, naturally.
Congressman Who Owns 'Blow-me.org' Sued for Sexual Harassment
'Brown paste-like substance' not really facial cream, police say
SAS plane 'near miss' fears blamed on weed
Why 2014 Was One of the Weirdest Sports Years Ever
Texas plumber has 'no idea' how ISIS militants ended up with his old truck
Students at Oberlin College seek a 'pass' on failing grades because they were out protesting
Barack Obama says as a black man he's been mistaken for the valet Read more: http://www.ctvnews.ca/world/barack-obama-says-as-a-black-man-he-s-been-mistaken-for-the-valet-1.2151557#ixzz3MBETnM7E
Barack Obama says as a black man he's been mistaken for the valet
H.R.499 - Ending Federal Marijuana Prohibition Act of 2013
Citrus County Chronicle: Man arrested for allegedly shoplifting during 'Shop with a Cop' event
CFOX host Jeff O'Neil provokes outrage with 'F***, kill or marry' question
Man arrested for allegedly shoplifting during 'Shop with a Cop' event
State Department approved of Kim Jong-Un's death in 'The Interview,' according to hacked Sony emails
Police warn: If you get a bag of brown paste left on your doorstep, do not apply it to your face
'Blow-me.org' Congressman Sued for Harassment
Dying armpit hair crazy colours is totally a thing now
Islamic militants buy plumber's old truck, use it in Syria
After 50 years of hostility, US and Cuba to restore diplomatic relations
New York bans tattoos and piercings for pets
Texas plumber's truck goes to auction, becomes Syrian terrorist weapon
Wife leaves cheating husband and twin naked in public.
MICHAEL JORDAN ON KIDS DYING OVER HIS SHOES "NOT MY PROBLEM" Read more at: http://nahadaily.com/gossip/michael-jordan-kids-dying-shoes-not-problem/
Men in recovery from Ebola should wear condoms for at least 3 months, experts say (x-post r/science)
Putin named Russia's 'Man of the Year' for 15th year running
Toronto man finds woman with ex-girlfriend's name for free trip around world
Exonerated After Execution: Judge Tosses Teen's Murder Conviction
Nativity donkey 'squashed to death' by obese man at Spanish Christmas market
Missouri GOP lawmaker wants to require women to get their abuser's permission for abortion.
Women in India agitate for their right to pee
Police investigate nativity donkey 'squashed to death' by obese man at Spanish Christmas market
Prostitute beats off taxman in Oslo court
Man finds woman with ex-girlfriend's name to travel world together
Humane Society gets 'terrible dog' a new home
Sex Toy Site Adam & Eve Won't Ship Porn to 'Sexually Conservative' Zip Codes
"How to Google" is Liverpool's 5th most popular "how to" search - on Google
Texas plumber's old truck resurfaces in Syria, mounted with terrorists' guns
Men in recovery from Ebola should wear condoms for at least 3 months, experts say
Michelle Obama: I Was Asked to Take Something Off a Shelf at Target
Woman's dog given death sentence in will
Indiana woman wants to be laid to rest with her German shepherd. One problem: The dog is still alive.
Obama: As a black man he's been mistaken for valet
Man Caught Cheating With Wife's Twin Before Getting Stranded Naked At Mall
Law Enforcement Is the Fattest Profession, Study Finds
Ouch. Johns Hopkins first rejects, then accepts, then again rejects 294 students.
US officials: US to start talks with Cuba to normalize full diplomatic relations, open embassy
Man fakes heart attack so friend can steal Barbie car, deputies say
Could more effective free advertising or a better guaranteed attendance be had for a movie? Not hardly... What an amazing PR blitz this is... "see it before the terrorist/hackers get you"... impressive.
Texas Plumber Isn't Sure How Extremists In Syria Ended Up With His Work Truck
Nativity donkey dies after being sat on by 150kg man.
Man Is Selling Elvis' Pubic Hair for $5,000
Woman's will asks for her [still-living] dog to be buried with her
Foul mouthed speeding cleric to stay on the road.
Charlie Rangel Reacts to Cuba Announcement While in Havana
This guy spent more than $150k on plastic surgery to look like Kim Kardashian. I think he nailed it.
The band Skinny Puppy demands compensation after learning music used for Guantanamo Bay torture
Actor Stuns CNN Host: North Korea Killing Rogen and Franco Would Be 'Great Ending' to Careers
Claude Giroux pulls elementary school gag, wipes snot on referee before faceoff
Texas plumber not sure how extremists in Syria ended up with his work truck
Marissa Meyer: Gwyneth Paltrow can't write for Yahoo because she doesn't have a college degree
Surprise C-SPAN Caller Turns Out to Be Mother of Arguing Brothers
Atomic wedgie causes death according to authorities
Irish police still on the hunt for dangerous criminal after he escaped from a police van when they stopped to buy him a takeaway
R Kelly says Bill Cosby is a pervert and belongs in jail.
Angelina Jolie has cybersecurity detail for her kids
POLICE: MAN LIT JOINT, UNDRESSED, AND DEFECATED INSIDE POLICE STATION
Chinese passenger opens emergency exit of plane to get a breath of fresh air
Conservative group likens EPA regs to CIA torture
Texas GOP congressman who owns 'blow-me.org' website accused of sexual harassment
Toronto man finds an Elizabeth Gallagher to travel the world with him
Dangerous prisoner on the run after breaking out of prison van at chipper
Couple trapped in keyless car for 13 hours... Emergency services said if they had spent another half hour in the car they could have died.
Texas plumber's truck on front line of Syria war
Burger King Kills Timbits - Canadians React Angrily
Couple trapped in keyless car for 13 hours.
Fat man kills nativity donkey
Jet shoots down AWOL Fat Albert.
Fries shortage hits McDonald's in Japan
Obese woman files lawsuit after McDonald's refuses her service
Texas plumber's old truck appears in jihadist propaganda
Oregon woman persuades judge to give her more jail time
U.S. set to blame North Korea for Sony hack
A Texas plumbing truck ends up in a terrorist photo.
North Korea Behind Sony Hack: U.S. Officials
203 villagers meet to sign a joint letter to expel the 8 years old boy in Sichuan because he is tested HIV positive.
Obama: 'Go to the movies'
Why don't black Chicago neighborhoods gentrify?
Sony Pictures hackers invoke 9/11 while threatening theaters that show 'The Interview'
8-Year-Old with HIV Banned from Chinese Village
Couple trapped in "keyless" car for 13 hours in their own garage
Cards Against Humanity sells 30,000 boxes of actual poop to mock holiday consumerism
Porn star Lisa Ann gives up adult film industry for career in fantasy football
Study reveals main characters in children's films are three times more likely to be murdered than their R-rated counterparts.
Mitt Romney: "Sony, Please Release 'The Interview' for Free Online"
Cows Remain At Large After Breakout At Idaho Meat Plant
Madonna's Entire New Album Reportedly Leaks Before It Was Even Announced
Guy in Santa costume pulls off genius bank heist during SantaCon
Sony Pictures Cancels Holiday Release of 'The Interview' After Threats
Springfield official at Hanukkah menorah lighting: 'Jesus is the reason for the season'
Texas Plumber's Old Work Truck Ends Up With Islamic Terrorists In Syria
Bud Weisser Charged with Break-in at Lemay Convenience Store
Chicago Police Officer caught shoplifting wine a member of shoplifting task force
Thanks to a College Atheist Group, There Are Now Displays Honoring Game of Thrones in the Wisconsin Capitol Building
Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick hold hands with their twin daughters on family outing in New York
One Alamo Drafthouse Location Will Play 'Team America' In Place Of 'The Interview'
Judge Overturns 1944 Conviction of Black 14-Year-Old Put to Death in South Carolina
Barrington kids encounter man hiding behind bush
SD study: Having sex while driving prevalent among students
Remote Rescue Service Support Connection from LogMeIn Technician
More than 20,000 bras recalled in Japan over injury fears
Cuba (the Energy Drink Firm) Soars 140% on Cuba (the Country) News
Ghế ăn bột cho bé hình cá heo
Woman, 72, arrested for mailing cookies laced with poison
Dog to be put down to fulfill owner's instructions in will
Texas Plumber's Truck Traded In, Ends Up in Syria with Terrorists
Ann Coulter: Women Who Say They've Been Raped Are Typically Just 'Girls Trying To Get Attention'
South Dakota's 'Don't Jerk and Drive' Campaign Rubs People the Wrong Way
School takes away blind child's cane, replaces it with a pool noodle.
Supreme Court Lets Cops Stop People Based on Ignorance of Law
Did a plumber's pick-up truck from Texas end up carrying an anti-aircraft gun for Islamic fighters on the front lines of Syria?
Texas plumber hit with threats after his old pickup truck appears in jihadist propaganda from Syria
Police corral, kill cow after chase
Texas plumber's old work truck end's up in ISIS propaganda video. He received so many threatening phone calls he had to change numbers. "We have a secretary here. She's scared to death," he said.
Топпинг пол промышленный красноярск
Breaking News: NORTH KOREA DID IT (CNN Headline)
What's Meizitang Botanical Slimming Soft Gel?
First-time flyer opens emergency exit on plane 'to get some air'
Chinese passenger opens plane door for fresh air
People Like Glenn Beck Are The True Victims Of Discrimination Today, Says Glenn Beck
Scientists decipher the meaning of a cow's moo Read more: http://www.theweek.co.uk/uk-news/61832/scientists-decipher-the-meaning-of-a-cows-moo#ixzz3MElxkWsP
Scientists decipher the meaning of a cow's moo
Custom capture pages Custom viral sales funnels Custom auto responders https://outloud.us/landingpage/4072
Putin reassures Russians ruble will rise again
99-Year-Old Woman Mugged While Bringing Cookies to a Senior Center
Nativity donkey dies after being 'squashed' by fat man who sat on it at Spanish fair
Fat man 'kills' donkey after he sits on it
What? Pat Robertson predicts gays will go extinct 'because they don't reproduce'
Fifty Shades' Jamie Dornan Visited a Sex Dungeon and Was a Total Butt About It
Man Dressed As St. Nick Robs Downtown San Francisco Bank During SantaCon
West Palm Beach police use bunny costume to enforce seat-belt law
what pakistan teaches students from class 1 onwards
How painkillers really can relieve a headache brought on by foreigners
Cat breaks into market, gorges on $1,000 worth of fish
Chicago cabbies get racy for second-ever Taxi Calendar
Nicki Minaj says Kendrick Lamar ripped off her style (x-post /r/hiphopheads)
Man breaks into North Vancouver home, steals items, takes a nap
Airbnb Invents a Call Center That Isn't Hell to Work At
Judge: Boy, 14, shouldn't have been executed in SC
Man banned from every shop in UK is arrested after being spotted in Lidl
NY Woman Sues Police for Not Arresting Son
Device Containing Radioactive Material Stolen From Hotel Parking Lot
Jingle Bells Christmas song started as a drinking song written by a 'jerk'
Man banned from having sex with wife by High Court judge
25 Percent of Office Holiday Parties in New York City Are Duds, Study Says
Manchester Police: Woman shoplifted during 'Shop with a Cop' event
Halifax police question elf, but soon send him on his merry way
Family outraged after school replaces blind boy's cane with pool noodle
Qatar paying migrant workers to pose as fake fans in bid to make sporting events appear more popular
Pat Robertson: Gay People Will Die Out Because They Don't Reproduce
360 Video Marketing Tampa FL Company
Chinese passenger opens airplane door for fresh air
Ending Torture One Dick at a Time
Cop Says His 'Breathe Easy, Don't Break the Law' Shirts Totally Have Nothing to Do With Eric Garner
Cops, with firemen and security guards, are the most obese workers in America, study reveals
When squad cars just don't cut it.
Man spends $150K to look like Kim Kardashian
Bakery Forced to Close When Owner Christina Hanson Develops Gluten Allergy
Satanist And Christian Holiday Displays To Go Up At Michigan Capitol
Nicki Minaj Has Nip Slip In Interview Talking About Nips Slips
Woman sent to hospital after being struck by her own car
Proposed Bill Would Require Women To Ask Men's Permission To Have An Abortion
First Adult Mountain Lion Seen in Kentucky Since Civil War Shot by Wildlife Officer
Emma Czornobaj, who caused fatal accident while helping ducks, to be sentenced Thursday
Man Finds Woman with Ex-Girlfriend's Name for Trip Around the World
Man spends $150,000 to look like Kim Kardashian
Cartoon: The top secret files of Dick Cheney
Meet Derby, the dog who runs on 3-D printed legs
Chinese First-Time Flier Opens Plane Emergency Exit For 'Some Fresh Air'
Man walked into police station, lit joint, got naked, pooed in cell and wiped it over walls
Obesity 'could be a disability' - EU courts rule
Overprotective South Korean Mothers Flock to Military
Emma Czornobaj gets 90 days in jail for duck-stopping deaths
Men are calling themselves meninists to take a stand against feminists.
The World Pie Eating Championships were thrown into turmoil when it emerged that the wrong pies were sent to the event.
Clinically dead pregnant woman being kept alive by hospital
American Calls The Police Because Someone Changed His PS4 Settings
Texas plumber's truck somehow ends up in Syrian civil war
Canada man with nonrefundable world trip tickets for ex finds stranger with same name to go with
Defendant's last fart of freedom tickles Lincoln Magistrates' Court
Disney Researchers Develop Hyper-realistic Cartoon Eyeballs
Cat breaks into fish store, eats $1,000 worth of seafood.
Teacher Faces Firing for Peeing in His Own Backyard.
Watching Out For You: Contractors not getting paid
S.C. Judge Says 1944 Execution Of 14-Year-Old Boy Was Wrong
New Zealand couple manages to lock themselves in keyless car for 13 hours. Woman almost dies.
Kentucky woman arrested for shoplifting at a 'Shop with a Cop' event
Home For The Holidays! The 8 People You Always Ru... | ClickHole
Amazon 'suppresses' book with too many hyphens | Books
European Court rules obesity can be a disability.
10 Ways C-Sections and Vaginal Births Are Exactly the Same
Texas plumber baffled after truck ends up in the hands of Syrian rebels
Google is now worth more than the entire Russian stock market
Hastings teacher faces firing after urinating in yard
The Islamic State Might Be Going Green
School Apologizes For Punishing Blind Boy By Swapping His Cane With Pool Noodle
Mom kills son believing boy would be better off in heaven
Obama: I'm Jewish 'in my soul'
New Zealand couple manages to lock themselves in keyless car for 13 hours
Native American Council Offers Amnesty to 240 Million Undocumented Whites
Brad Pitt 'too distracting' to serve on Los Angeles jury
Putin Says Russian Bear Isn't About to Sit Back and Just Eat Berries and Honey
Brad Pitt 'too distracting' to serve on jury
How cruel Kris Kringle ruined my public service career
India's Micromax Introduces 'Yu' Phone to Compete With Xiaomi's 'Mi'
Nebraska and Oklahoma sue Colorado over marijuana legalization
Watch Vladimir Putin Mistake Stroke Survivor for Drunken Journalist
How to Speak a Cow's Language: Scientists Eavesdrop on Cattle Conversations
Dog Accidentally Shoots Man in Wyoming
Walmart Thieves Steal Barbie Car, Using Fake Heart Attack as a Diversion
Paramount is now canceling screenings of Team America: World Police
Women who think this way are disgusting lower than human beings.
"The Interview": Orgy Scene with Kim Jong Un and James Franco Might Have Caused Concern
'Jesus is the reason for the season,' politician says. At a menorah lighting ceremony for Hanukkah.
Update: School district apologizes for taking cane from blind boy
Man's Body Found Behind Times Square Ripley's Believe It Or Not Sign
'Cursed by God': Far-right activist claims Liverpool FC punished for backing gay rights
Man fakes heart attack to steal Barbie car from Walmart
Double-Amputee Gets Two Badass Robot Arms
Team America pulled from theaters in wake of The Interview cancellation
Michele Bachmann: I destroyed liberal arguments with my superior logic
Cruel Secret Santa ruined my career.
Driver doesn't clear off frost, slams into parked car
Ho, ho, no! Scores of Stalham children left distraught after curate says Father Christmas does not exist
Nebraska, Oklahoma sue Colorado for legal pot.
Florida woman Slaps her 72 year old grandmother over not accepting facebook friend request
Clemson is claiming Santa Claus as an alumnus
Police: Clearwater woman assaults grandmother over Facebook friend request
World Pie Eating Championships collapse as 'pies are too big'
Indiana anti-gay church pastor (Gaylard Williams) accused of grabbing man's genitals, soliciting oral sex.
Strip Club Wins City's Holiday Lights Contest
World Pie Eating Championships declared null and void - after wrong size pies delivered to the contest
Pastor accused of making unwanted sexual advances on man at lake
Marco Reus fined 540,000 euros for driving without a license
Cruel Secret Santa ruins man's career
Strip Club Wins City Holiday Lights Contest
Throwback to the 'world's strongest energy drink' AMMO which used to contain stimulant benzylpiperazine (BZP), a key ingredient in banned party pills.
Salon Writer Accuses "White Guy" of Racism after He Tried to Sit Next to her on Crowded Train
What Do You Do If You're Shell and Oil Is Plunging? Sell 1,000 Hot Dogs a Day
Missouri bill requires women to get permission from man for an abortion
Driver jailed for causing fatal crash while saving ducklings
Caretaker having 'bad day' arrested for investigation of abuse of disabled adults
Guy Wearing Oculus Rift Unknowingly Jerks Off In Front Of Girlfriend
School replaces blind child's guide pole with pool noodle as punishment.
Congress Again Buys Abrams Tanks the Army Doesn't Want
Pro-Police Rally Declaring 'Blue Lives Matter' Planned In NYC
Texas plumber has "no idea" how his company truck ended up with ISIS.
Missouri town gives rides home to drunk drivers
Dead cow clogs Utah slot canyon, rancher's impromptu barbecue makes things worse
Google To Fight Against Parkinson Disease With This Innovative Spoon
Hollywood Surrenders to North Korea
Man Gets Struck By Lightning During High Speed Chase After Robbing a Church
Deceased woman's will stipulates her dog should be killed, buried with her
How A Hacker Gang Literally Saved Christmas For Video Game Players Everywhere
Man spends $190,000 on surgery to look like Kim Kardashian
Movie Theaters Forced to Cancel Showings of Team America: World Police
CNN Host Left Speechless When Actor Says North Korea Killing Seth Rogen and James Franco Would be 'Great Ending' to Careers
Former first round baseball player killed in fight over candy
Germany: 73 pounds of cocaine in coffee shipment
Obama Signs Legislation Ending Nazi Benefit Checks
Crooks steal gifts from 5 year-old with cancer
Canadian Finds Woman With Ex-Girlfriend's Name to Travel the World Together.
Norfolk trainee vicar tells kids 'Santa's not real'
911 dispatchers reward man who called over 4000 times
Leaked emails reveal "The Interview" actually was US government propaganda
Republicans want professor fired for saying she hates GOP for being intolerant and polarizing
Downtown Manhattan Street Plaza Renamed "People With Aids" Plaza
Man eats ex-girlfriend's pet rabbit, threatens her, prosecutors say
Rolling Stone gang-rape story wins 'error of the year' award
JK Rowling issues blistering slap to Wiccan wannabes
School punishes blind child by taking away his cane and replacing it with a pool noodle
George R. R. Martin Offers His Own Theater to Show The Interview
Satanist holiday display coming to Capitol
Canadian duck helper Emma Czornobaj sentenced to 90 days in jail over fatal accident
Nativity scene to counter Satanic display at Capitol
Diagnose your kid's ear infection with your iPhone
Lord of the Rings' litter box lets your cat poop in Middle-earth
Shooting Spurs Debates Over Race and Guns in Gingerbread Town
A 9-year-old told China's president to lose some weight-and censors shut him down
Krispy Kreme wants customers to talk to strangers using Google Hangouts on Chromebooks
Indigenous Brazilians attack police with ARROWS as they storm Brasilia Congress
Gutless secret santa prankster left Finance Dept bureaucrat heartbroken
EXCLUSIVE: Rosie O'Donnell goes on a RAMPAGE after Bill Cosby victim Beverly Johnson demands to cut her out of The View interview in favor of a one-on-one with Whoopi Goldberg
Kim Kardashian fan Jordan James Parke spent $150,000 on more than 50 cosmetic procedures to transform into idol
Another Black Boy Gunned Down By Police
Man spends over $150,000 to look like Kim Kardashian
Man tries to rob a petrol station with a boomerang
Clive Palmer media adviser Andrew Crook charged over alleged kidnap of National Australia Bank executive
Cops shoot man cutting his throat and wrists.
Bubbaclaus: Golf's Bubba Watson releases Christmas rap video
Putin Cites Claim About U.S. Designs on Siberia Traced to Russian Mind Readers
Car salespeople: Still more trusted than Congress
Grandmother assaulted over Facebook friend request
Beyonce and Jay Z lose bid for Beverly Hills most expensive property as billionaire Minecraft creator snatches it up for $70million.
China: Fake cops guard government building
Woman slaps 72-year-old for denying Facebook friend request
The BlackBerry Classic is one of the best phones of 2009
Swiss central bank imposes negative interest rates on deposits
Catholic university Marquette suspends professor over anti-gay marriage controversy
Vin Scully lost World Series ring at Costco, found it in bag of ribs
Student who 'urinated' on taxi driver not a racist, says black friend
Teens Find Fun and Friends in Magic: The Gathering
Indiana law requires brewhouses to serve hot dogs and milk
99-year-old woman mugged while delivering cookies
Children blame death of parents on Bob Evans meatloaf: suit
Illinois Woman Files For Trademark On Phrase 'I Can't Breathe' Because This Is America Damn It
What language is this?
Woman Slaps Old Lady For Denying Her Facebook Request, Gets Arrested
Alabama Man Cheated On His Wife With A Goat
Girls stab friend 19 times to please Slenderman to stand trial.
cops taser monkey at school
Brady's Teammates Fear His Post-Touchdown Celebrations
Belfast man stabbed woman with potato peeler, days after they met on Facebook
Monkey Tasered in France after chocolate-fuelled bender
Kinder Christmas monkey tased by police
Minecraft creator outbids Jay-Z, buys priciest home in Beverly Hills
Old People Are Having So Much Sex On Cruises STDs Are On The Rise
Vladimir Putin mistakes stroke survivor for drunken journalist
Warning over internet meetings after woman stabbed with peeler
Boy placed in isolation for months for "extreme" haircut
State financier Finnvera cold-shoulders "adult entertainment" venture
Crying baby sparks all-out brawl between four women on flight to Hong Kong
Girls charged in Slenderman stabbing deemed competent
Ukraine forms 'ministry of truth' to regulate the media (xpost worldnews)
"Rape Exceptionalism" and Protecting Law Students from "Triggers"
Texas Cop Demands to Know Why a Man Isn't Supposed to Hit a 'Whore'
Exclusive: Margaret Cho talks busking and stripping for San Francisco's homeless
Illinois woman wants to trademark 'I can't breathe,' Eric Garner's last words
Dog Shoots Man: Accidental Shooting Injures Man
BREAKING: Minecraft Creator Snatches Bonkers Bev Hills Megamansion From Beyoncé and Jay-Z For $70MM
Putin Cites Claim About U.S. Designs on Siberia Traced to Russian Mind
cat breaks into seafood display case, helps himself to fishy feast. Costs owners $1100 to replace stock
Pakistan's most hated man: volleyball player, child killer
Russian cat breaks into seafood display case, helps himself to fishy feast. Owners stuck with $1100 in lost merchandise
Falmouth police issue description of stolen Christmas tree as '6ft tall, with lots of green branches and prickly bits'
Florida woman charged with slapping grandmother over Facebook snub
Stephen Collins to Katie Couric: I Am Not a Pedophile
Newlywed actor Eddie Redmayne embraces a dapper style in new magazine spread... as he reveals he's colourblind
Bill Gates admits Control-Alt-Delete was a mistake, blames IBM
Five-year-old Dublin boy sends his allowance - $1 - to save the UAB football program
Japan man arrested for dumping a quarter-tonne of porn
East TN couple gets 35 years in child's grape soda death
Dog shoots man after being told to move into the back seat
U.S. Citizen Interviewed in DPRK
Couple sentenced for grape soda death of little gir
Apple CEO Tim Cook 'deeply offended' by BBC report of exhausted Chinese factory workers and children working in brutal conditions
Your Money or Your Cat, Russian Tax Collectors Threaten
Dog Steps on Rifle, Shoots Man: Wyoming Sheriff
Russia: Bailiffs seize cats over payments
Jim Harbaugh Won a Game of Laser Tag by Systematically Hunting a 10-Year-Old
Justin Bieber just lost 3.5 million Instagram followers
Jim Harbaugh destroyed a 10-year-old during laser tag at his bachelor party
UK Politician Nigel Farage followed by jesus
Apple CEO Tim Cook 'deeply offended' by BBC Panorama claims of mistreated iPhone workers
First Cougar Seen in Kentucky Since the Civil War is Promptly Shot Dead
School takes away blind boys cane and replaces it with a pool noodle
Graphic novel "Pyongyang's" film killed because of Sony hacks
News Flash: Science Shows Half of What Dr. Oz Says Is Bunk
Radio Station Apologizes for Letting a DJ Get a Rimjob on the Air
Thieves struck by lightning minutes after robbing church
Man Accused of Sexual Contact With Horse
Obama On Sony Hack: People Should 'Go To The Movies'
Crying Baby leads to Kung Fu fighting mid -air
Nasa just emailed a wrench to space
Woman gives mink coat worth thousands to fast food employee who admired it
Ukraine forms 'ministry of truth' to regulate the media
For Leopards in Iran and Iraq, Land Mines Are a Surprising Refuge
Bill O'Reilly: Black people should wear "don't get pregnant at 14" shirts
Britain's first blind darts team called 'The Optimists'
Chris Martin says 'Angelina kidnapped me'
Lance Armstrong: cheating at golf would leave me heartbroken forever
Oklahoma and Nebraska Sue Colorado Over 'Dangerous' Marijuana Law
Graffiato Will Still Give Hip-Hop Dinner, Continue To Work On 'Thug Rice' Menu
Tie me kangaroo drone sport: Incredible moment marsupial punches flying camera out of the sky
Council To Spend $250k Making Sure No One Comes To Their NYE Party
Scientists find ground squirrels and beavers are contributing to global warming
Illinois Woman Tries to Trademark 'I Can't Breathe'
The Man in the Unitard Explains How He and His Naked Friends Got Trapped on Seattle's Great Wheel
Anti-Gay Preacher "Gaylard Williams" Arrested for Sexually Assaulting a Man in the Park by Grabbing his Groin and asking for "Oral Sex"
Anti-Gay Preacher Arrested for Sexually Assaulting Man in the Park
Kim Kardashian fan Jordan James Parke spent $150,000 on more than FIFTY cosmetic procedures to transform into idol Read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2878560/Kim-Kardashian-fan-Jordan-James-Parke-spent-150-000-FIFTY-cosmetic-procedures-transform-idol.html
Baseball player killed in fight that started over candy
FBI Finds that North Korea WAS behind the Sony hack
Man finds woman with same name as ex to join him on round-the-world trip
Michele Bachmann Says She 'Defeated' Progressives By Outsmarting Them
People Are Putting Kanye West at the Top of Their Christmas Trees
DA won't press charges in death at Indian Lake Church
Petitioners Demand Sony Release 'The Interview,' Stand Up To Terrorist Threats
Spiked Red Bull leads to M&Ms on Oklahoma road
Man accused in father's death says he was on 4-day meth binge
What Seth Rogen and Edward Snowden Chatted About Right Before the Sony Hacks
Xbox Live Poll: 38% Of Gamers Prefer Playing With Friends, 13% Prefer Playing Alone, 49% Prefer Fucking Your Mom
Monster Energy Consults Satanists
Anti-LGBT, overweight male pastor named 'Gaylard' arrested for soliciting sex form a man
Instagram makes teens and celebrities angry by killing millions of spambots
Startups are fighting over the use of 'zen' in their name
To My Porn-Watching Dad, From Your Daughter
Sony agrees to let Al Sharpton have a say in future movies
Baseball player shot to death in fight over candy
REPORT: US Considers Putting North Korea Back On Terror List
Cleveland men's argument over sexuality ends in sword attack
U.S. Considers Relisting North Korea as State Sponsor of Terror
Santa Robs Bank During SantaCon, Blends Into SantaCrowd
Ohio took away a woman's welfare and food stamps because she didn't report her coma
Sony Kept Passwords in File Named 'Password'
Does perfect' even exist?!
Millions in Damage after Bulldozer Rampage
How One Man Is Terrorizing Neighbors With a Hostile Holiday Decoration Display
Appeals Court Rules People Institutionalized for Mental Illness Still Have Right to Guns
Iran unveils a memorial honoring Jewish heroes
Man calls police after his PlayStation 4 settings are changed
Owner of abused cat faces sex abuse charges
40th pick of 2010 MLB draft killed over candy argument
Codes promotionnels et codes de rductions valides 100% sur e-shoppeur.com
People can email city trees and get response in Melbourne City Council green scheme
Hustler will be producing and releasing a XXX porn parody based on 'The Interview.' Larry Flynt said: "If Kim Jong-un and his henchmen were upset before, wait till they see the movie we're going to make."
Obama calls 2014 a 'breakthrough year'
Texas plumber has no idea how truck got to Syrian jihadists
Blatter on FIFA future: "I believe in the Lord. From time to time he tells me I can go directly to the Vatican... l will bring back FIFA"
Nigel Farage is being followed around by a man dressed as Jesus
Half of Dr. Oz's medical advice is baseless or wrong, study says
Montana man shot by his pet dog while driving a truck
Hustler to Produce Porn Parody of 'The Interview'
North Korea says it's not involved in Sony hack; proposes joint probe with US
Bosnia: Seven underage girls return from five day school trip, pregnant
Controversy or not, IKEA opens in S. Korea to throngs of customers - The Korea Times
French Police Taser Monkey on Chocolate Rampage
Fighting Detroit blight with gingerbread houses
North Korea seeks joint probe with US on Sony hack
Woman Recovers Lost Luggage After 20 Years
Air Jordan Legend Blue 11s Release Postponed After Michael Jordan Said He Didn't Want Whites To Buy His Shoes!!!
N. Korea proposes joint probe over Sony hacking
Fugitive killer mocks judges sending postcards from Caribbean
North Korea proposes joint probe with U.S. over Sony hacking
UPS Drives Forklift Into Valuable Sculpture, Shrugs
North Korea wants joint investigation with US into Sony hack
Glenn Beck Is Now Selling Lumbersexual Hipster Clothing
Chilean Radio Station Apologizes After a DJ Receives a Rim Job on the Air
Outbreaks of Dancing Mania affected thousands in the 14th century and quickly spread throughout Europe
This beer claims to enhance your creativity
Elderly Couple Almost Die After Being Trapped For 13 Hours In Unlocked Car
'Vampire' squirrel has world's fluffiest tail
Man blames 10th DUI on eating beer-battered fish
Texas Supreme Court judge uses "Ferris Bueller" references in libel case dissent
North Korea proposes joint probe over Sony hacking
World Pie Eating Championships wrecked by mix-up
School takes cane from blind student, replaces with swimming noodle
Grocery stores remove pop case displays after complaint to WSCC-'The concern was ... if it did topple that it could hurt people...
Anti-gay pastor Gaylard Williams arrested after squeezing man's genitals
Sex offender posing as Santa Claus busted
Local town hires first black officer
Fox News Host: Stephen Colbert Owes His Success To Us
Gutfeld: Colbert Should Write a Check to Fox News, Our Gaffes Made His Career
Teenager Jordan Francois re-arrested after being released from prison by mistake
North Korea denies it hacked Sony, demands joint inquiry with US
Oklahoma City cops charge Keystone XL protesters with "terrorism hoax" because their banner shed some glitter
Saudi dancers' gun routine goes horribly wrong when he shoots himself in butt
ISIS publishes guidelines for sexual relations with slaves
North Korea trolls America with offer to "investigate" Sony hack
The leader of the Tea Party supports gay rights and is pro-choice.
Police officer delivers groceries to woman caught stealing eggs from Dollar General
Rare Victorian public urinal wins English Heritage Grade II listing award
Cops Seized Couple's $160,000 Wine Collection-And Want to Destroy It All
Bristol 'rare' Victorian urinal listed by English Heritage
Cops cancel "let us search your house for guns" program
'I CAN'T BREATHE' PROTESTERS OBSTRUCT PARAMEDICS FROM DYING MAN STRUGGLING TO BREATHE
Aaron Hernandez found not guilty of murder.
This really isn't helping Jameis Winston's case
Umbrellas banned in rainy Macau as China's president Xi Jinping arrives for visit
Katie Hopkins declares Sydney terrorist was after HER - as were 9/11 and 7/7 attackers
Wooster School recognizes Weston student for outstanding citizenship
Fox News Host: Stephen Colbert owes us a royalty check, our 'gaffes' made his career
C.I.A. to Give Itself a Pass for Spying on Oversight Committee
A trash heap in Thailand became the scene of a philanthropic turf war
Medieval Poop Still Stinks, Experts Discover
The Franciscan Order founded by Saint Francis of Assisi, who advocated a life of poverty, is appealing for help after the discovery it is in deep financial trouble due to massive fraud from dodgy investment practices.
White liberal with a "stop killing black men" shirt was smashed with a hammer at a rally by black man.
Naked cyclist fined for not wearing a helmet
Ready to tie the anime knot? Company offers marriage certificate for you and your 2D waifu
Car in Russia explodes as LIGHTNING allegedly hits it during police chase
Did Obama visit a mosque on July 4? Yes, says the idiocracy.
Atwater detective paid while on leave for year after alleged DUI crash
Do we really need to cancel Christmas?
Tire Swing Slams Into Man's Face In NYC, Killing Him Almost Instantly
Squirrels vs. Lewiston city Christmas tree: Squirrels win
North Korea to U.S.: Let's Work Together to Figure Out Who Hacked Sony
Anti-vaccine website pushes the limits of absurdity suggesting vaccine-homosexuality link
Nintendo's next device will reportedly, bizarrely, be donut-shaped
U.S. seeks China's help against North Korean cyberattacks
School Takes Away Blind Boy's Cane as Punishment for Acting Up
Parents of Colorado Shooter James Holmes Say He Has Severe Mental Illness
Muslim Scholar Blames Porn for Jihad
Fat ass, kills ass, with fat ass.
D.C. judge resorts to matchmaking in effort to end 30 years of 911 calls
Vin Scully feels like 'a dummy' after losing World Series ring among Costco ribs
New wearable tells your DVR to record a show when you doze off at the TV
Barack Obama To Declare Cuba 51st State In 2016
Minutes After Robbing Church, Thieves Get Struck By Lightning
The Interview Is Getting Remade, By Hustler, As A Porno
How a 5 seconds role in PK changed A Beggar's life
Firearms police called after man holding rubber chicken threatened to eat woman
Subway manspreaders told: close your legs and let other people ride
Hooters in Thailand throws orphans best Christmas party evers, exposing them to the joys of the holiday
Hackers rickroll'd FBI with a video calling it "an idiot"
Passenger Who Got Sick Of Waiting To Get Off Plane Deploys Emergency Slide
Alabama Legalizes Weed For White People
North Korea proposes a 'joint investigation' with US to prove its innocence in Sony hack
Marijuana still preferred drug in Canadian army, while cocaine gains ground
Soviet threat to Santa? No way, said JFK in 1961
Working toward a warp drive: In his garage lab, Omahan aims to bend fabric of space
Man without use of arms facing gun charge released
Al Qaeda 'bursting with pain' over Pakistan school attack
Man in elf costume charged with DWI
Man tries for dramatic marriage proposal using construction crane, drops crane on building.
TLC to air 'My Husband's Not Gay' Special in January
President signs 'No Social Security for Nazis Act'
A Facebook TV Show? HLN Teams With Social-Media Giant On Pilot
Politician 'follows' porn star, says Twitter account was hacked
Disguised as Santa, W. Surprises Kids in Children's Hospital with A Warm Christmas Visit
Americans aren't getting married, and researchers think porn is part of the problem
Al-Qaeda Criticizes Taliban For 'UnIslamic' Peshawar School Massacre
This Couple Thought They Adopted A Mini-Pig, But It Grew Up Into 670 Pounds Of Cuteness
Gamer pleads guilty to making emergency call to report Grand Theft Auto shooting (x-post from /r/gaming)
Tony Abbott names carbon tax repeal as his top achievement as Minister for Women
Man Dressed As Santa Shoots 2 At Detroit Gas Station
Actor Jay Thomas: Wouldn't it Be "Great" if Seth Rogen and James Franco Were Murdered?
Prime Minister Tony Abbott nominates carbon tax repeal as achievement in his role as Minister for Women
NYC subways slowly upgrading from 1930s-era technology
Xenophobia mushrooms in shadow of Berlin tower blocks
America should be more like Disneyland
Australian Prime Minister declares the repealing of the country's carbon tax to be his greatest achievement in his other role, as "Minister for Women". - Seriously, you couldn't make this shit up.
Tony Abbott names carbon tax repeal as his top achievement as Minister for Women [xpost /r/australia]
Zoo visitors escape angry chimpanzee, jump into crocodile-infested waters
Georgia county refuses to pay medical bills after SWAT tosses grenade into baby's crib
Baltimore Police Sent a Fax and Teletype to Reach NYPD Ahead of Brooklyn Cop Shooting
Florida Police Officer Shot, Killed in Tarpon Springs Shooting
Shopping For Mobile Phones in Nigeria
Dog shoots man in Wyoming.
North Korea Threatens To 'Blow Up' White House, Pentagon: Accuses U.S. Government Being Behind Making Of 'The Interview'
Dog accidentally shoots owner with rifle
Satanist group mounts holiday display with little fanfare
BitTorrent Tells Sony It's Happy To Release 'The Interview'
Department of Human Services spends $500,000 on legal fees fighting $6000 child support dispute
Half of all gym members never go to the the gym
"Manspreading" the bane of female subway riders
Gà Con Và Gà Ta Đua Top Cao Thủ Gunny Mobi |
Unbelievable: Baltimore Police Sent Warning to NYPD... by Fax
San Francisco cop caught choking a sleeping hospital patient, then falsely arresting him
Anti-LGBT preacher Gaylard Williams arrested for 'grabbing and squeezing' man's genitals
North Korea denies Sony hack but warns U.S. : Worse is coming
Why rape is so intrinsic to religion
Turning Girls of Color Into Robot-obsessed Techies
President Obama: Putin Hasn't 'Rolled Me'
Unstable Man 'Allahu Akbar' Attack, Runs Into Crowd of People, Injures 11 People
Apple wins Class action lawsuit for iPods that didn't play music from competing services by explaining "It's a feature, not a bug"
Muslim woman sues county jail after being forced to attend Christian church service
Unstable French Driver Slams Car Into A Crowd of Predestrians While Shouting 'Allahu Akbar', Injures 11 People
TGI Fridays mistletoe drone chips off tip of woman's nose
Father, sons stranded in outback Queensland 'pretty hungry' when found, rescuer says
Wyoming man shot by his dog
"I Can Breathe": An Evening with the Men of #ThankYouNYPD
Lance Armstrong: I'd never cheat playing golf
The battle for best Christmas outfit has been won by a group of friends who dressed as a Christmas selection box.
Waukegan Woman Attempts To Trademark The Phrase 'I Can't Breathe' « CBS Chicago
Woman mistakes $750 truffle for free sample at restaurant
North Korea denies attacking Sony, offers to help investigate
Wyoming man shot by dog
Seven schoolgirls fall pregnant after five day school trip in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
BBC reporter too stoned to finish report on burning opiates
Argentine court extends human right to freedom to orangutan
'Injured parrot' in Aberdeen was actually a Christmas hat
Giant MoonPie Dropping to the Sounds of the Village People on New Year's Eve in Mobile, Alabama
'Gay donkey raped my horse' becomes latest Ukip rally-cry
Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 was 'shot down by the US military', former airline CEO claims
Student Leader: 'No Sympathy' for Executed NYPD Officers
Goz, Göz, Gozun renkleri, Gözün Renkleri
Man in Santa suit shoots 2 at Detroit gas station
Flight MH370 was 'hacked and shot down by US Air Force' claims former airline boss
Elf Arrested For Drunk Driving In NJ
Justin Bieber Took Selfies While His Monkey Suffered, Says Zookeeper
Peter Jackson won't do a Marvel movie, says 'the industry has lost its way'
Seal found in Merseyside field: rescue under way
Court Rules Orangutan Held In Argentina Zoo Is 'Non-Human Person' And Can Be Freed
A Seal has been found in the middle of a field
Marin travelers likely to see busy roads over holidays
UKIP candidate: 'Gay donkey tried to rape my horse'
Crows Can Understand Analogies
Instagram Nukes Spam Accounts, Some Users Go Crazy
Oklahoma teacher fired after making snack run with 11 children in car - two in trunk
Report: Amazon Fire Phone 2 Expected in 2016
UKIP candidate complains a 'homosexual donkey' tried to rape his horse
Masked Man Wearing Assless Pants Arrested for Alleged Horse F***ing
Longhorn Network to air 5-hour Christmas special of Bevo roaming his ranch
8 year-old criticised for revealing to trainee Vicar that God isn't real
0.0 Instant Gratification Run Comes to Philadelphia. All the trappings of a race except running.
A Scourge Is Spreading. M.T.A.'s Cure? Dude, Close Your Legs.
The film World War Z starts with a bin lorry becoming out of control as a zombie virus spreads, crashing outside of George Square, Glasgow. Today, a man driving a bin lorry had a heart attack, subsequently speeding and crashing in the exact same spot. Tragically 6 pedestrians died in the incident.
Iowa preteens charged in Starbucks armed robbery
Chinese lingerie thief busted after ceiling collapses under weight of stolen underwear
Food fight: Woman claims injury over delivery of wrong pizza
Woman calls 911, assaults responding deputy with pot of soup: BSO
French towns allowed to welcome Baby Jesus
North Korea issues new threat against US over hacking claims as Obama weighs action
Man charged with breaking officer's fist with his face (x post)
Seven girls fall pregnant after five day school trip in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Journalist gets high while reporting next to pile of burning drugs
Agen Bola - Speedbet88 » Blog Archive » Lucas Leiva dan Alessio Cerci Sedang Di Incar Inter Milan
The internet decides that The Interview is a perfect movie.
Squirrel knocks out power to about 3,200 in Charlestown
TLC's "My Husband's Not Gay" documents gay Mormon men dating women to 'overcome' their sexuality
Seven teenage girls get pregnant on school trip
Pope Francis, At Christmas Gathering, Blasts Vatican's Bureaucrats
Wrong Prophecy Turns Death Trap for Fortune Teller
Montreal Man Arrested for Thought Crime
If Bears Play It, How Hard Can Hockey Be?
Mum who fired BB gun at teens who egged her home to bully her son ordered to pay them compensation
Captive orangutan Sandra has human right to freedom, Argentine court rules
Right wing candidate: I know gays like animal sex because a 'homosexual donkey' tried to rape my horse
France's sole kosher vineyard aims high despite bottlenecks
North Korea's internet appears to be under mass cyber attack
Argentina Has Declared An Orangutan A 'Person' And Granted It The Right To Freedom
Orangutan granted rights of personhood in Argentina
Top UK parliamentarians named in pedophile dossier
Dr Oz. is wrong more than half the time, study finds.
In Slovakia, Christmas Dinner Starts In The Bathtub
ISIS Plans to Arrest "Extremists" Who Planned a Coup Against It [Arabic Article]
Belgian Prime Minister attacked with chips and mayo and completely relishes it
Condom free speech argument fails to stand up in court
TLC special 'My Husband Is Not Gay' to feature gay Mormon men who marry women
In Houston It's Illegal to Feed the Homeless and for the Homeless to Feed Themselves
PSA encourages kids to steal parents' guns, hand over to teachers
Court Declares Captive Orangutan Is "Non-Human Person"
All of North Korean internet is down
Peter Jackson Says He Won't Make a Marvel Movie; Doesn't Like the "Hollywood Blockbuster Bandwagon"
Vegan teacher loses job over Facebook post
North Korea experiencing widespread Internet outages
Man Smokes sucks Horses dick
High school student killed by punch agreed to assault as way to 'resolve' car crash
PETER JACKSON: 'I DON'T REALLY LIKE THE HOLLYWOOD BLOCKBUSTER BANDWAGON THAT EXISTS RIGHT NOW'
Man Smokes weed sucks Horses dick
Man Charged With Breaking a Troopers Fist With His Face
ISIS arrests 'extremists' accused of plot against group
Police union boss: officers in danger due to "multi-ethnic" nature of city
'U.S. military shot down MH370 because they thought it had been hacked and was about to be used in terror attack', claims former airline boss.
MH370 was 'shot down by US military', claims former French airline boss
Petition demanding black students be exempt from failing grades has 1300 signatures
Belgian Prime Minister covered with chips and mayonnaise in press conference ambush
Passed out elf gets DWI in Target parking lot
Man rejected by woman on Facebook charged for burning down her home
Chicago-based Cards Against Humanity doles out pieces of Maine island
Anti-Gun PSA Advises Children to Bring Guns to School
West Harlem Residents Are Fed Up With 'Aggressive' Raccoons Terrorizing Neighborhood
Mars One CEO: 'If There's a Terrible Accident, We Won't Show It Live on TV'
Okla. teacher fired for cramming students in trunk during unauthorized food run
Attorney charged with having sex with 14-year-old human trafficking victim in his office
Anti-intellectualism is taking over the US
The bizarre crimes of 2014 highlight the odd, wacky side of breaking the law
Mud shrimp burrows in side woman after she uses a lobster tail for pleasure
Robbers' Car 'Struck By Lightning' After Ransacking Church In Russia
Woman whose noisy love-making left neighbours fuming and led to 30 visits from the police (as well as an ASBO and TWO prison sentences) doesn't regret a thing
Ghostface Killah performed at a toasted sandwich shop called Toastface Grillah.
Lawyer bewildered as to why he was beaten unconscious but not robbed of Rolex, cash
Mystery as stranded seal finds its way on to a Merseyside field
Army Establishes 'Excellency Excellent Center of Excellently Excelling Excellence'
McDonald's Removing Big Mac, Apple Pies And Eliminating Large Size Options
It's law now: 'No Social Security for Nazis'
Man Spent $150,000 Just To Look Like Kim Kardashian
British gamer called police because friend had been shot in chest - in Grand Theft Auto V
Loose bear eludes capture in Phoenix suburb
Just don't call them gay... New TLC special follows Mormon husbands who admit they're 'attracted to other men' but refuse to identify as homosexual
After Botched Execution, Oklahoma to Resume Lethal Injections
Petition Demanding Black Students Be Exempt From Failing Grades Has 1,300 Signatures
U.S. Let Cuban Prisoner Give Sperm to Wife
Ukip parliamentary candidate: A gay donkey tried to rape my horse
Man who recorded toilet visits thrilled with secrets, not sexual
Toronto Daycare Staff Charged With Running Toddler Fight Club
Woman with 3 boobs takes gimp men out for walk in public
Cat holds husband and wife hostage.
North Korea is suffering a complete internet outage
Cat holds woman and man hostage.
Porn actor Nacho Vidal to marry Colombian porn star in church
Bill Nye The Science Guy Arrested
Goat gives birth to human like babies
10 Year-Old Boy Has Spent 2 Months in Adult Jail, Facing Minimum 25 Years
U Michigan Department Chair: We Should 'Hate Republicans'
Girl's lemonade stand shut down by WA council over health and safety concerns
Movement to ban 'man-spreading' on transit picks up speed in Toronto
Lance Armstrong on golf: 'I love adhering to a code of honor'
US helped Cuban spy Gerardo Hernandez artificially inseminate wife while he was in prison
This Is the Stupidest Anti-Science Bullshit of 2014
Santa rescues unconscious man from burning Hunter Valley home
Author launches book to audience of 4,000 penguins
Moncler Outlet,Moncler Outlet Store,Moncler Online Store USA
Chugging eggnog at office party lands man in hospital.
BBC reporter Quentin Sommerville gets high standing next to pile of burning heroin, opium and hash
Ghostface Killah performed at a grilled cheese restaurant called Toastface Grillah
Buy cheap instagram likes
PSA encourages kids to steal their parents gun and bring them to school to their teachers...
Large women wearing skimpy clothes is an assault on the eyes
Woman's dying wish: Dinner at Olive Garden
Darknet Marketplace Tries to Rehab Its Image With a Holiday Raffle
Student dies after reportedly letting himself get punched in the face.
Ayn Rand Once Applied Her Philosophy To Kittens In A Letter She Wrote To 'Cat Fancy' Magazine
Chuyên bán Túi - Balo máy ảnh bền, giá tốt, nhiều mẫu mã.
Ayn Rand Writes Letter to Cat Fancy
How having faith makes you fat: Religious people are 'more likely to be overweight compared with those who are atheist'
Gary the goat has his day in court
How to Lose Cellulite in The Fastest Way?
The Scientology holiday catalog is hocking a $400 discman - sorry I meant for a Clearsound Listening System
Cristiano Ronaldo Statue Features A Big Ol' Bulging Dick
Tony Abbott says repealing carbon tax his biggest achievement as minister for women.
Citizenfour producers sued 'on behalf of American public' for aiding Snowden
Argentine Orangutan unfazed by right to freedom ruling
Horse News: Wisconsin Man gives horse oral sex while stoned, gets arrested
Cristiano Ronaldo's New Statue Has a Very Impressive Bulge
Monkey saves dying friend at Indian train station
Police: Man Burned Down Woman's Home After Facebook Rejection
It Was a Dark Day in North Korea for Online Dating
News Cristiano Ronaldo ridiculed as newly, er, erected statue in Portuguese home is accused of being overly 'generous' in shorts department
North Korea back online after widespread internet outage
Handjobs for the Homeless
North Korea loses Internet days after Barack Obama vows revenge over Sony hacks
New Ronaldo Statue Features Bulge In Shorts
Circus tricked kids with dogs painted as pandas
A circus in Italy has been closed after trying to pass off two dogs as pandas [Italian article]
John Waters creates a version of shocking cult classic 'Pink Flamingos' -- for kids
Mouse movie 'Stuart Little' leads to long-lost painting
Woman Brags About Carrying Her Trash In a Mason Jar Everywhere
Car Crash Victim Woke from Coma Speaking French and Thinking He Was Matthew McConaughey
All My Trash Fits in a Single Mason Jar
Man wanted after pulling gun on McDonald's employees because his order was wrong
Bad Santa shoots two men during fight over Mrs. Claus
Official: Woman, 72, denies Facebook friend request, gets slapped
Watch This TV Reporter Accidentally Get High on 8.5 Tons of Burning Narcotics
Missing Masterpiece Discovered in the Background of 'Stuart Little'
Reality bites in Alaska when TV crews clog up the frontier
Ohio homeowner told to take down his zombie nativity scene
Man in Birmingham disabled parking bay tow stand-off
Man told California Highway Patrol officers he was on his way to the North Pole to see Santa when he crashed
Man Wakes Up From Coma Horrified to Learn He's Not Matthew McConaughey
UK CINEMA CALLS POLICE ON KIDS WITH IPHONES OVER PIRACY CONCERNS
BBC's Quentin Sommerville gets high downwind from burning pile of heroin
Priest who left ministry to marry replaced by married priest
Manti Te'o wants opponents to "find a new joke"
Ghostface Killah played a surprise gig at Toastface Grillah
Man nearly drowns in eggnog
CPS Threatens Dad: Let Your Kids Play Outside and We'll Take Them Away
How Colonel Sanders Became Father Christmas in Japan
'A Lot of Problems With You People!' Rand Paul Airs His 'Festivus' Grievances
Marine mystery as seal found stranded in field 20 miles from the sea
Man Cryogenically Freezes Wife Using Funds from His $5 Million Ponzi Scheme
BBC's Quentin Sommerville laughs uncontrollably as he attempts to report on burning drugs. Reporter repeatedly collapses into giggles in front of pile of burning narcotics.
Oberlin College students denied request to suspend grades over protests
Maids Deemed Too Pure for Toilets Hinder 'Clean India' Push
Satanic display goes up in state Capitol
High Speed Chase on Bowie Parkway After Car Runs Over Decoy Deer
Sony to Release 'The Interview' in Theaters
Police: 'Suspicious' Nickelback CD to be destroyed
Man Wakes Up From Coma Thinking He's Matthew McCaunghey
Dad wakes up in France after ultimate Christmas drinking session
American man dies after letting someone punch him in the face
TLC to debut "My Husband's not Gay" in January
Cops: Man Pulled Gun Over Missing McDouble Burger
Rudolph the reindeer found in a trailer park in Gardena
TLC to Air 'My Husband's Not Gay' Special
Wisconsin man arrested for committing sex acts to a horse
Anti-Gun PSA: Kids Should Steal Parents' Guns and Bring Them to School
Joyous Santas Take To The Streets Against The Evil Taliban
Off duty, black cops in New York feel threat from fellow police
Pakistani family face deportation after their son is labelled a terrorist for carrying a cricket bat.
LG executive could miss CES because Samsung says he sabotaged its washing machines
Texas Plumber Has 'No Idea' How His Truck Ended Up With ISIS
This Top Ad Agency Rearranged Its Office Around Millennials
7 Bosnian teens get pregnant on school trip
Argentineans Hoard Disappearing Tampons
'Gun Safety' PSA Encourages Kids to Steal Parent's Guns, Turn Them In At School
North Korea struggles to stay online
Italian circus boasts of having panda bears, turns out to be painted dogs
US lifts ban on gay men donating blood - as long as they don't have sex with other men
SF Company Encourages Kids To Steal Parents' Guns And Bring Them To School
Fan who got Lions Super Bowl tattoo still really optimistic about chances
Chow down: Italian circus in trouble for disguising dogs as show pandas
Man recovering after nearly drowning in eggnog
Limbaugh Rants Against Idea Of A Black James Bond
Man wakes up from coma disappointed to find out that he is not Matthew McConaughey
How I got to know my mum in a Bangkok sex hotel
Man Hospitalized After Winning Eggnog Chugging Contest
Police: Circus dyed dogs to pass off as pandas
Town threatens man with lawsuit over Zombie Nativity scene.
Man nearly drowns by chugging eggnog
Utah man hospitalized after chugging eggnog
Kane West turns yeezus into freezes, the perfect Christmas album.
James Franco thanks 'President Obacco' for saving 'The Interview'
Man pulls gun over wrong McDonald's order | Home - Home
Woman called 999 over 'scary' hedgehog in garden
Philadelphia Hosts World's Shortest Running Event
US government offering $5M reward for Al Qaeda leader freed from Gitmo
Google turns man over to FBI for threatening comments on YouTube. (x-post r/news)
Naked Portland man steals Taser from officer
Restaurant Offers Discounts Based on Weight
Portland-area man accidentally sells girlfriend's cat, now Reddit trying to help him find "Camo"
Italian Circus Owners Arrested for Trying to Pass Dogs as Pandas
Italian Circus Closed After Trying to Pass Off Dogs as Pandas
Homophobic Pastor Named Gaylard Williams Accused of Sexually Assaulting a Man
Edmonton Masseur Named 'Mr Wang' Accused of Sexual Assault
The Post-Ferguson World: Rules for White People
Thurmond Alford has travelled seven and a half hours a day to work for 12 years
Runaway ostrich attempts to race trucks on the highway in China
Eggnog-Chugging Lands Man in Utah Hospital
Korean couple's child dies after they get addicted to baby simulator
Jane Fonda to build shrine of herself
Metro Ordered to Stop Arresting Riders for Using Station Outlets to Charge Phones
7 Girls Took A 5-Day School Trip And Each One Came Back Pregnant
Man accused of slamming teen's head in fridge door for 'eating all the sausages'
Ayn Rand helped the FBI investigate whether 'It's a Wonderful Life' was commie propaganda
Homeowner told to take down his zombie nativity scene
Brad Haddin says scoring runs is the answer to batting slump
Sandy Hook Families Sue Gun Maker
Bear at door blocks Canada Post from delivering B.C. man's package | Canada | Ne
'Operation Pig-Out' Ham Distribution Begins
Teen killed by punch to face agreed to be hit as way to 'resolve' car crash
Planetary Alignment On Jan 4, 2015 Will Decrease Gravity For 5 Minutes Causing Partial Weightlessness
BBC Reporter Gets High On The Job
Belgian PM in mayonnaise attack by austerity protesters
Islamic State Fighters Love Nutella
$300,000 in gold missing from Ukraine Central Bank after being swapped out for lead bricks
FDA plan: Gay men who abstain from sex may be allowed to give blood - CNN.com
Walmart Exposed: Retail Giant Using Your Dollars To Fund Radical Pro-Gay Agenda
Chinese doctors punished for so-called 'surgery selfies'
Belgian Prime Minister doused with french fries & mayo. Takes it in stride.
Rory Curtis Wakes Up From Coma Thinking He's Matthew McConaughey
Pizza delivery man attacked with broom, rifle over cold pizza
Utah man hospitalized for 3 days after chugging quart of eggnog in 12 seconds
Person Being Held for Damaging Satanic Temple Display at Capitol
Drunk man mistakes public library for club, breaks in
Los Angeles Metro riders will no longer be arrested for using outlets to charge phones
Cosby not finding support in black community amid accusations of drugging, assaulting women
Teenager fights for the right to be recognized as Teletubbies' smiling sun-baby
Politician pelted with fries and mayo
BBC Reporter Gets High From Second Hand Smoke
Parents' anger after seven Bosnian schoolgirls aged 13 and 14 fall pregnant on class trip
'Mad' Jack Churchill became the only man during WWII to kill an enemy soldier with an arrow fired from a longbow
Une corbeille en cordelette - Bricolage
BREAKING: Lanes Closed on I-40E, Tractor-trailer Spills Beef Jerky
Hallmark apologises for selling Hanukkah paper covered in swastikas
Man sent back to prison for getting job that started too early in the morning
'Mr. Wang' the masseur accused of sexual assault
'Injured parrot' turns out to be Christmas hat
Vermont theater to give free popcorn to anyone who brings a copy of the constitution to screenings of "The Interview"
High School linebacker literally bathes in recruiting letters
Pravda: Russia is far more advanced in missile technology than any other nation, not to mention the fact that it has a military that is not gay.
3 months' jail for man who swallowed memory card after taking upskirt video
2014 San Antonian of the Year
7 Teens Go on a School Trip, Come Home Pregnant
Man assaults deputy he apparently thought was space alien
3D Printing Your Vagina is Not Legal in Japan
Who will get custody of Johnny Depp in the Tim Burton-Helena Boham Carter split?
Ohio township orders 'Zombie Nativity' taken down
North Korean Embassy Officials So Broke They Run Bootlegging Ops to Make Ends Meet
A Utah Man Had To Be Hospitalized For Chugging Eggnog
Connecting moms, newborns with Google Glass
Christmas comes early as 'millions' in cash spills onto Hong Kong road
Piles of Cash Pour Onto Hong Kong Highway
22 Examples of Thin Privilege
Chicago Is Putting Subway Rats On Birth Control
BBC reporter accidentally gets high from pile of burning heroin
CTA to put rats on birth control
Fake Pandas at Circus Were Really Painted Dogs
Defense Attorneys Compare Bitcoin Felon to Greek God
Cops give out $100 bills for Christmas
Putin orders vodka price cap
Video games should be in Olympics, says Warcraft maker
Man pulls gun after wrong McDonald's order
German police hunt stolen pigeon worth $184,000
Keurig recalls MINI due to concerns about hot water coming out of them.
Italian circus owners painted puppies black and white, passed them off as pandas
Jim Harbaugh once smeared a player's blood on his face
North Korean prison officers 'cooked prisoner's baby and fed it to their dogs', more horrific accounts from UN report reveal
Nicki Minaj's nipples are MISSING IN ACTION! See her Rolling Stone cover.
Nebraska Complains About Colorado Weed While Enabling South Dakota Alcoholism
An Italian Circus Tried To Pass Off Two Painted Dogs As Pandas
WWE Superstar Kevin Nash arrested after fight with son
There Are Secret Blimps Protecting Washington, D.C.
Hacker-hit Tibetan monks 'detach from attachments'
Today Show Booted Amy Adams For Not Wanting To Talk About The Sony Hack
The scientific reason you should put booze into your pies
US offers $5M reward for al Qaeda leader released from Gitmo
26,000 kilos of illegal kebab meat seized in Barcelona
Walmart customer ejaculated on 'chest area' of plush toy
On Christmas, MLB news breaks at the Honeybaked Ham store
Missing US parrot ditches English to switch to Spanish
Three-Penis Liquor Contains Dog, Deer and Seal Dick
Erdogan slams birth control use as 'treason'
iPhone cases featuring stolen, grisly war photos appear for sale on Amazon
FCC states it misplaced around 600,000 net neutrality comments
Vodka prices: Putin calls for cap amid economic crisis
Putin acts to halt rising vodka cost in Russia
Rose McGowan 'sick of being sexualized,' poses for two nude photoshoots
Miami ' s Answer to Sea Level Rise is Building More Condos
Man Wins Eggnog-Chugging Contest, Celebrates With 3-Day Hospital Stay
NORAD Weaponizes Santa in Fight Against North Korea
Obama Breaks Cardinal Presidential Rule by Donning Tiara
Rapper's wife shuts down show after he gives cocaine to crowd
Al Sharpton to have say in movies at Sony
Residents in St. Charles County, MO voted by a margin of 73% to ban red light cameras...so the cities are suing their constituents to overturn the ban
Portland man accidentally sells girlfriend's cat on Craigslist
Pistons Give Josh Smith $1.3M Christmas Bonus
Student protestor insists that black cop doesn't understand racism
Hungry mice eat marijuana stored inside police evidence room
Districts Most Endangered by Climate Change Still Represented by Science Deniers
Prediksi Everton vs Stoke City 26 Desember 2014 | Citibet88.net
IT'S NOT CHRISTMAS IN JAPAN WITHOUT KFC
3D-Printed Spider Dress Attacks When Anyone Comes Too Close
Off duty, black cops in New York feel threatened by fellow police officers
Men Are Calling Themselves "Meninists" To Take A Stand Against Feminism
Cash grab in Hong Kong as millions in banknotes spill from security van
S. Korea prosecutors seek arrest of former exec over 'nut rage'S. Korea prosecutors seek arrest of former exec over 'nut rage'
Inmate Dies After Hiding Crack Pipe in Privates
S. Korea prosecutors seek arrest of former exec over 'nut rage'
French Politics Served in a Pita, far right groups demanding ban on Kebabs.
Pope Francis mimes a blowjob on Jesus to denounce child abuse.
Woman jailed for testicle attack
Delhi: AAP leader's car drowns in a pit when he was protesting to fill it
Man pulls gun over missing McDouble cheeseburger in drive-thru order
Monkey brings electrocuted friend back to life
Saudi Women Drivers Referred to Terrorism Court
You can now have beer delivered with your pizza in PA
Zombie nativity scene ordered taken down by Ohio town bureaucrats
French Politics Served in a Pita, far right wing groups the kebab has become a symbol of the invasion of Muslims in France. It is a powerful way to attack. What you eat is who you are. You are touching the most sensitive point of identity."
Passenger tossed after flipping out over staff's 'Merry Christmas'
Santa Shoots Two Men For Flirting With Mrs Claus
Man hospitalized after chugging eggnog
15 bodies saved from Innisfil crematorium fire
Hong Kong Scrambles as Van Spills Wads of Cash
BAE wins $1.2bn US combat vehicles contract
Monkey gives first aid to electrocuted friend
Teen makes pamphlets with questions she doesn't want to be asked at Christmas
Jack Daniels, married by Johnny Walker, names his son Jim Beam
Schoolboy Confuses Biblical Joseph With Joseph Stalin in Spectacle
Japanese Artist Indicted For 'Vagina Kayak'
WATCH LIVE: HOLIDAY YULE LOG
States move closer to taxing you by how far you drive. They will use a GPS tracking device to keep track on your miles.
Vagina artist Megumi Igarashi indicted on charges of obscenity
Hawaii Gets a White Christmas Following Blizzard Warning
Saudi terrorism court 'to try women drivers'
Arizona Department of Transportation: Who is stealing our snow fences?
Sean Hannity has ALL-CAPS Twitter meltdown after being named 'worst' Fox News host
Town Government Threatens Legal Action If Man Will Not Remove Zombie Nativity Scene
Plane Passenger Tossed after Flipping Out Over Staff's 'Merry Christmas'
Springfield City Councilor Praises Jesus During Menorah Lighting Ceremony
Anti-homeless cages installed around benches in French city on Christmas Eve
You can trade unwanted giftcards for porn subscriptions
Chinese consumers pay money to have "Sent from iPhone" signature on instant messages
Russia offers sympathy to North Korea over Sony hacking scandal
American Airlines boots man from plane after 'Merry Christmas' prompts meltdown
Top Viral Videos of 2014
The growing politicization of Santa Claus
Man Drives to Beat Up Twitter User on Christmas Over Kobe Argument
Adolf Hitler and lover Eva Braun 'probably had sex without touching each other'
Jack Daniels' son is Jim Beam
'Drone Boning' Is A Short Art-Porn Film Shot With Drones (NSFW)
Topless feminist activist grabs baby Jesus statue in St Peter's Square
Wis. man's Christmas tree still up after four decades
Monkey revives other monkey using 'CPR'
Prostitution and illegal drugs help UK overtake France in global wealth league
NSA Reports It May Have Broken Laws With Decade of Spying on U.S. Citizens
Trolling online is illegal in the UK
Man wakes up moments before being set on fire as part of a funeral ritual (video)
Wheelchair fire leads to nursing home evacuation
Gold Coast siege 'gunman' also kept rabbit: court
Putin blames Russian gov't for bad economic situation
Man shot in the ass on Christmas morning over missing glasses
Archaeologists Have Dig Licenses Revoked After "Million Mummies" Claim
Father's Controversial Photo Shows Him 'Just Being a Dad'
Marisol Toribio smears poop in employee's faces, police say
Monkey revives other monkey after it was electrocuted, India [Video]
DELL Vostro 3500 Batteries for DELL Vostro 3500 Laptop online shop
Pupil attends school performance dressed as Joseph Stalin - but was playing Joseph of Nazareth
Snow globe causes charity shop fire
Twitter User Makes 35-Minute Drive To Fight Kobe Hater
Russian shopping mall lays down U.S. flag doormats
Wisconsin man celebrates 40 Christmases with 1 tree
Two women referred to "terror" court for "driving" a car in Saudi Arabia
Police: Baby Jesus taken, replaced with pig's head
After the Death of Two Cops, Right-Wing Media Demonize #BlackLivesMatter Protests
Museum visitors experience celebrities' final minutes.
Passenger Booted From Plane After Freaking Out About Everyone Wishing Him A 'Merry Christmas'
'Don't say, 'Merry Christmas!'' What an angry passenger yelled at American Airlines staff before being kicked off flight
Video games 'should be in Olympics'
Kim Dotcom Strikes Deal With Lizard Squad to Leave PSN, Xbox Live Alone
UK cinema calls police on preteens with iPads during Mockingjay screening
Woman's Home Catches Fire While She Makes Christmas Present For Cat
The NFL recorded a new record today: it has been 40 days since a player has been arrested
Victor Jones, A White man from Greensboro NC, Wants Black people to stop Imagining Racism. He Has the Solution. Read "It's OK To Leave The Plantation." - Photos Attached of Conversation #BlackLivesMatter #AllLivesMatter
Detroit man dressed as Santa shot two in defense of Mrs. Claus: attorney
Bourbon baby: new dad Jack Daniels names son Jim Beam
Cape Ice Cream Shop Owner Charged with Rewarding Employees for Vandalizing Competitors
Kim Dotcom stops xbox and playstation attacks
Passenger kicked off plane after becoming angry when a flight attendant wished him a merry Christmas
Iran stages massive military display to 'send message of peace' to neighbors
Topless FEMEN Protesters Kidnap Baby Jesus From Vatican Nativity Scene
Joe Thomas facing charges for discharging manure
Guy drives to Temecula to fight someone over a Kobe Bryant Twitter argument on Christmas
Ebay listing selling signature?
Man loses his temper after too many Merry Christmas wishes
Azerbaijan develops "lie detector" to unmask Armenia's falsifications
Santa delivered a lot of guns
NY man says wife shot him to avoid messy divorce
$600 for an ebay signature??
People keep stealing baby Jesus from nativity scenes
Baby Jesus stolen, replaced with real pig's head
Dustin Diamond arrested for bar stabbing on Christmas.
Argentina's president adopts Jewish godson to counteract werewolf legend
Denver man finds a box full of rocks in the PlayStation 4 bundle he bought at Walmart
Emergency airlift puts fries back on the menu at McDonald's in Japan
Dustin Diamond, better known as "Screech" in the 1980s sitcom, "Saved by the Bell" arrested in Wisconsin for stabbing a man with a switchblade.
Japanese artist indicted for trying to 3D-print her vagina into a usable kayak
Baby Jesus replaced with pig's head in Massachusetts Nativity scene
Planes discovered in Vedic age, it could fly between planets, says speaker at Indian Science Congress
Turkey has 'world's freest press', Erdogan claims
Dustin Diamond, 'Screech' from 'Saved by the Bell', arrested in Ozaukee Co. after bar fight
Star of "Saved by the Bell" charged with stabbing someone in a bar
Hospital Nearly Burns Down After Florida Man on Oxygen Tank Tries to Smoke Crack in ICU
Man kicked off American Airlines plane after rage over 'Merry Christmas' greeting
North Korea hacks WWE, reveals wrestling may be rigged - Kayfabe News
Driver Wanted for Obama Motorcade. Novice Welcome.
North Korea hacks WWE, reveals wrestling might be fixed
LG headquarters stormed by prosecutors over washing machine debacle
Wisconsin man keeps same Christmas tree up for 40 years
Los Angeles Woman Campaigns for City's First Dog Cafe
Erdogan tells Europe to stop criticising Turkey
After 522 Years, Spain Seeks To Make Amends For Expulsion Of Jews
Woman charged after throwing bacon, sausage in Framingham police station
Woman Opens Up 'Professional Cuddling Shop', Gets 10,000 Customers In First Week
Who is 'Britain's White Jihadi'? Youth named as 'Jonathan Edwards' is pictured posing with guns alongside terror fighters after he 'missed out on uni application and joined ISIS instead'
A man who assaulted his father for running out of beer on Christmas Eve has been jailed for four months
Artist who made canoe modelled on her vagina arrested on obscenity charges
Baltimore's Police Commissioner Hasn't Watched The Wire
Putin Cancels Christmas Vacation for Russian Government Employees
Crazy threatening violent nutjob Customer at Restaurant in Michigan acts like a stereotype (explicit language)
Egypt Reported to Ban Latest U.S. 'Exodus' Film
'Saved by the Bell' actor arrested in bar stabbing in Wisconsin
Bad Santa: Palestinian dressed in Father Christmas costume throws tear gas at Israeli security forces in Jerusalem
Egypt Bans Ridley Scott's 'Exodus' Over 'Historical Inaccuracies'
Woman dies after crack cocaine removed from her vagina
Palestinians dressed like Santa clash with Israeli forces
'The Interview' illegally downloaded 750,000 times on Christmas
White man seen driving Ghana's police van
Brawl between elderly women using walkers ends in felony charges
McDonald's to end fry rationing in Japan
Jack Daniels names son Jim Beam
Online jihadists threaten Sean Paul with death ahead of New Year's concert
North Korea Blames Obama for The Interview: 'Like a Monkey in the Forest'
Pedophilia, bikes and Canada: A debut novel sure to spark debate
Many Whites Today Would Have Been Classified as Black in the 1940s
Kim Dotcom takes credit for ending PSN, Xbox Live outage
Dustin Diamond AKA 'Screech' From Saved By The Bell Arrested In Bar Stabbing Incident
Cards Against Humanity buys remote Maine island, calls it 'Hawaii 2'
The FDA Now Finally Accepts Gay Blood Donors-But Only If They're Not Very Gay
42 year old wife and 18 year old husband caught stealing Christmas decorations they decorated their yard with.
Rajinikanth fan escapes hospital to watch 'Lingaa', passes away
Topless Feminist Steals Baby Jesus From Vatican Nativity Display
DUSTIN DIAMOND, WHO PLAYED SCREECH, CHARGED IN BAR STABBING
N. Korea calls Obama 'monkey,' blames U.S. for Internet outage
Al Qaeda Claims New Butt Bomb
Saved by the Bell's Screech charged in bar stabbing
North Korea calls Obama a 'monkey,
The Mystery Of What Chris Pine Tastes Like Has Been Solved
Woman accused of smearing bacon at police dispatch center
Dustin Diamond, TV's 'Screech,' Charged In Wis. Bar Stabbing
North Korea calls Obama 'a monkey' in latest hacking salvo - Telegraph
Man faces violence charge for ignoring wife's fast-food desire
Dustin Diamond taken to jail for allegedly stabbing man with switchblade
Neil Degrasse Tyson spent christmas trolling christians on twitter.
Hippo Jumps out of Truck in Taiwan; Locals Mistake it for Dinosaur
Vatican arrests Femen activist who bared breasts in St Peter's Square
Eminem Comes Out As Gay In 'The Interview' (VIDEO)
Personal Injury Lawyer Says Google's Driverless Car Bad for Business
Argentina's President Cristina Kirchner Adopts Jewish Godson To Prevent Him Turning Into A Werewolf
Police outside cop funeral turn backs on NY mayor
President of Argentina adopts Jewish godson to 'stop him turning into a werewolf'
'Zombie church' helps Slovenia crucify corrupt leaders
2 Charged With Stealing $2,000 Worth Of Christmas Decorations In Colorado Springs
Motorcycle cop pulls over texting driver, then gets hit by another driver suspected of texting
Sony About to Get Sued For Pirating Music in The Interview
Kurupt Defends Donald Sterling: "They Took A Good Man Down"
Woman plunges to her death while trying to take a selfie Read more: http://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/woman-plunges-death-trying-take-selfie/#ixzz3N7msVYuf Follow us: @digitaltrends on Twitter | digitaltrendsftw on Facebook
Woman plunges to her death while trying to take a selfie
The Student Who Ate His Own Hip as an Art Project
Grandma relieved that her new iPhone is made of chocolate
Major airline considering economy minus with smaller seats than economy class
Woman Launches Raw Meat Assault on Police Station, Claims God told her to "Feed the Pigs"
Saved by the Bell's Dustin 'Screech' Diamond arrested for a stabbing in a Wisconsin bar
Illegal Sex And Drugs Pay Off For Britain
Designated Driver Struck, Killed by Alleged Drunken Driver
TIL After winning a romp with two hookers in the "Get Your Grandpa Laid" contest on the Howard Stern show, winner Johnny Oris died choking on a steak as he hurried his dinner on his way to have threesome
World's Loneliest Gorilla Baby Will Just Find a New Family, I Guess
Essential texting acronyms every parent needs to know
Protester who advocates peace charged with setting fire at Berkeley QT
Hideous holiday displays torture neighbors; holiday crafting fails: Odds and ends
SEBASTIAN BACH Berates Concertgoer For Allegedly Bumping Into Ex-SKID ROW Singer's Mother
Underwear thief foiled after 2,000 pieces of lingerie stolen from neighbours cause ceiling collapse
Facebook Apologizes for Pain Caused by 'Year in Review' Posts
North Korea calls Obama 'Monkey', blames the U.S. for web outage.
Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson tweets jokes about Christians on Christmas Day
Plymouth school error takes money from staff bank accounts; Instead of pay, money withdrawn
Sycamore Township 'zombie' nativity scene stays up despite orders to take it down
Woman rescues man on I-85 using baseball bat
PAKISTANI SCIENTISTS PROVE THAT ONLY HINDUS WILL DIE IN CASE OF A NUCLEAR WAR WITH INDIA
/r/nottheonion was mentioned in this article about mysterious signature being sold for $600 dollars on eBay
Marijuana scavenger hunt coming to Denver in January
Man buys PlayStation 4 from Walmart, says he got two bags of rocks
Nevada goats help eat, recycle Christmas trees
Theft of baby Jesus figure may be hate crime, authorities say
Swedish school bans the Swedish flag
Michigan man arrested while shaving his head.
FDA Moves To Ban Cake, Donut 'Sprinkles'
Facebook Finds That Not All Users Want To Review Their Year
More fans went to Pinstripe Bowl than Derek Jeter's last home game
After 100 LSD-Fueled Sex Encounters, Man with No Penis to Build New one Out of Arm Skin
Farmers say Christmas trees make great goat snacks
President Obama aging only as fast as the rest of us, researcher finds
Man breaks leg falling into open sewer!!
Dogs Passed Off as Pandas; Circus in Italy Faces Charges
Woman dies after crack pipe removed from her vagina
Perth driver allegedly rolls joint in front of motorbike cop
After Year Of Atheism, Former Pastor: 'I Don't Think God Exists'
The Year in Farm Crime
Hippo jumps from moving truck in Taiwan, startled locals confuse injured animal for dinosaur
Adidos and Hotwind? In China, Brands Adopt Names to Project Foreign Flair
Sacramento dog survives 15-floor plunge, lands in hot tub
Villagers want big cat back to scare away opium-addicted Nilgai
Vitamin D supplements won't protect against earthquakes: RCT data
New health food cafe run by McDonald's opens in Sydney
Putin is trying to save Russia's economy with one weird trick
Demand For âThe Interviewâ Is Shooting Up In North Korea And Its Government Is Freaking Out
Samsung accuses LG executives of vandalising its washing machines
These Gloves Tweet When You Make The Hashtag Symbol With Your Hands
Police: Woman Threw Meat at Officers, Said She Was There to "Feed the Pigs"
Kids in Korea Order $250 in French Fries, Piss Off Everyone at McDonald's and on the Internet
Police code red caught Santa instead
A prisoner dies after a crack pipe is discovered in her vagina
Another airplane gone missing, AirAsia.
Leave us 'toffs' to hunt legally in peace
hen the doctor's away, the patient is more likely to survive
When the doctor's away, the patient is more likely to survive
The UK Is Outlawing Homelessness
Watch One Brave Woman Confront Manspreaders on the New York City Subway - Mic
Egypt: Biblical epic 'Exodus' banned over errors
Watch One Brave Woman Confront Manspreaders on the New York City Subway
AirAsia Apologizes for Article Saying They Would Never Lose a Plane
Demand For 'The Interview' Is Shooting Up In North Korea And Its Government Is Freaking Out
Pennsylvania woman dies of natural causes after truck crashes into home
Italian Circus Paints Puppies And Calls Them Pandas
Apocalypse Entrepreneur Offers $3M Bunkers
Four Arrested In Stabbing Over Sandwich
White Criminal Carries Out Robberies Disguised As Black Man
"Injured parrot" was Christmas hat
Cop admits gangs are in complete control of Skid Row
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise Was Reportedly an Honored Guest at 2002 International White Supremacist Convention
Wall Street Billionaire says americans are jealous of his success. He says poor people should pay more taxes
Fox News host asks: did the metric system bring down AirAsia Flight QZ8501
Man wants refund after buying $650 in tickets to 'The Interview' at Esquire Theatre
Schoolboy mixes up Joseph's in Nativity Play and performs as Stalin
Fox News host speculates metric system brought down AirAsia flight
Adolf Hitler look-a-like Emin Djinovci travels everywhere with a copy of Mein Kampf
It's PETA vs. the Possum Drop in a New Year's legal struggle
Argentina's President Adopts Jew to Prevent Him Becoming a Werewolf
Student activists demand California teach sexual consent to kindergartners
Helicoptering? Parents go with kids to college
Man Wants Refund After Buying $650 in Tickets to 'The Interview'
GOOD CATCH, SEATTLE TIMES PRESSROOM!
Injured Chinese man donning loafers rescued from Weeping Rock
NewsIdiot buys $650 in passes for "The Interview" hoping to scalp them, now wants his money back since he couldn't sell them.
Cards Against Humanity buys Maine island in holiday promotion, doles out 1-square-foot parcels
Fox Host Suggests Metric System Is To Blame for AirAsia Disappearance
Man Dies After Eating Cocaine From His Brother's Butt (VIDEO)
'The Interview' Scalping Plan Backfires: Man Wants His $650 Back
Coroner: 93-year-old woman in Bristol hit-and-run died of natural causes
Another Asian flight goes missing most likely never to be heard from again.
Marc Trestman expects to return as Bears coach
Buddhist militancy triggers international concern
Bologna for Christmas Day dinner at senior home has daughter mad
Newly freed Cuban spy's wife pregnant -- with a little help from U.S.
Donate your Christmas tree to a holiday feast for goats
Americans thank god they weren't on missing flight, disregarding other pasengers
Iran supreme leader uses Twitter to blast US and says #BlackLivesMatter
Argentina president adopts boy to stop werewolf
Argentina president adopts young Jewish boy as godson to prevent him from turning into werewolf
Facebook apologizes for 'algorithmic cruelty' in its Year In Review
Ched Evans rape victim changes name for FIFTH time after being hunted down by Twitter trolls
North Korea blames U.S. for Internet outages, calls Obama 'monkey'
Two White Men Took BB-Guns Off Walmart Shelves, Loaded Them, Shot Up Store, Weren't Shot By Police
Ritch Workman, Florida Lawmaker, Says Yes To 'Dwarf-Tossing,' No To Gay Marriage
Gloves Tweet When You Make The Hashtag Symbol With Your Hands
Scientists Discover That Drunk Birds Sing Like Drunks
Family of Armed Robber 'Outraged' Good Samaritan With Concealed Carry Shot Him
Fox News host mocked for speculating that AsiaAir flight went missing because foreign pilots use the metric system
Man enters eggnog drinking contest; ends up hospitalized.
Eggnog-chugging contest sends Lehi man to hospital
Husbands Who Shout At Wives Will Face 14 Years In Jail Under New Law
Thieves fry Kenya's power grid for fast food
Police bust prostitution rings offering 'breastfeeding for adults' services; Mothers with newborn babies in China advertised on websites offering sex to clients
Men racing girls toys!
Mom Behind Mysterious Rubber Ducks Identified
President of Argentina adopts boy to prevent him from becoming a werewolf
Family chases down man who stole hearse with relative's casket inside
President of Argentina Adopts Boy to Stop Him from Becoming a Werewolf
Fox News blames the metric system for diasppearance of AirAsia plane.
President of Argentina adopts Jewish godson to stop werewolf
Alleged Thief On Police Chase Thwarted By Adorable Cats
Fugitive Thief Stops At Woman's House During Police Chase To Pet Her Cat
Easy Access May Boost Kids' Water Consumption
Argentinian president adopts Jewish godson to save him from becoming werewolf
Family brings their dog to East Coast Food village despite 'no pets' sign
'Moon rock' given to Holland by Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin is fake
Man Uses Metal Grinder To Remove Tattoos From His Face
Study Finds That Time Does Not Mend a Broken Heart
Comcast Greases Politicians with Customer Service That Isn't Trash
Vets say seal pup was attacked by other seals in racist attack
Nun who won The Voice in Italy covers Madonna's 'Like a Virgin' for first single
ACLU Sues Ferguson Schools For Being "Too White"
'Flying dinosaur' on the loose turns out to be injured hippo
Hippo in Taiwan jumps from truck, startling locals who think it's a dinosaur
President of Argentina adopts godson to stop him from turning into a werewolf
GOP Lawmaker Introduces Bill Requiring Women To Get A Man's Permission For An Abortion.
Residents alarmed as Coast Guard changes foghorns
Resident Shoots Masturbating Intruder: Officials
Michelle Obama claims racism because a lady asked her to get something form top shelf in Target.
Jet Airways plane catches fire after bird-hit
Man removes tattoos from face using a metal grinder
Schoolboy performs in nativity play dressed as Soviet dictator because he mixed up Josephs
"Gunfire" at Mall Was Someone Banging on Metal Pot, Police Say
Christina Aguilera goes on Disneyland tirade, calls Mickey Mouse an 'a--hole': report.
Christina Aguilera got into a Verbal Altercation with Mickey Mouse
Screech from 'Saved by the Bell' charged in Wisconsin bar stabbing
Taliban declare 'defeat' of U.S., allies in Afghanistan
Man Smokes Crack While Hooked to Oxygen Mask, Nearly Burns Down Hospital
Fox Host Wonders If Metric System To Blame For Latest Missing Jet
German Defense Minister von der Leyen's fingerprint copied by Chaos Computer Club
Alleged sex abuse victims sue after registered offender wins lottery
did you look down your nose at occupy wall street scum? would you continue to after their heads began mysteriously springing holes?
Lebanon County man uses egg rolls to divert attention, rob restaurant, police say
China launches CFETS (Chinese Foreign Exchange Trade System) and includes Malaysia and Russia's currency on the same day AirAsia QZ8501 goes missing.
Stunning Models and Celebrity: fashion, Girl in Nature, Bridal Lingerie, Beautiful Girl,
An Undercover Boss Rewarded His Waitress with a Breast Augmentation
Argentina's president 'adopts' godson 'to prevent him becoming a werewolf'
Goat Takes to the Streets of Lowell in Search for Freedom
Fox News co-host suggests AirAsia flight went missing due to metric system use
Scientists discover that drinks birds sing like drunks
Argentine president Fernandez saves boy from being...a werewolf
Insurance company says it's not liable for "serial pervert"
Obama: US 'less racially divided' than in 2009
David Geffen -- I'm Being Stalked by Ex-College Football Player
Police officer injured after driver who was texting while driving slammed into him while pulling over another driver who was texting while driving
Anti-evolution group sues to block Kansas science standards
Iran's supreme leader vilifies U.S. police on Twitter, says #BlackLivesMatter
Argentina's president 'adopts' godson 'to prevent him becoming a werewolf' - Telegraph
State of the Statehouse: GOP leader cautions ranks against over-reaching.
Soldiers Relocate Wedding to Accommodate Obama's Golf Game
I wonder if it would work the same on cougars?
Bills Quarterback Tells Locker Room He's Going To A Meeting, Retires And Never Comes Back
Argentina president adopts boy to stop werewolf curse - NY Daily News
Obama's golf game disrupts soldiers' wedding
Footballer punished for kissing opponent
Finally, Indian Law Realizes That Sex Doesn't Have To Equal Marriage
5 Things You Need To Know About Interacting With Me, a Fat Girl Who Wears Revealing Clothes
Obama ruins military officers' wedding because he and friends wanted to play golf.
Burglar steals woman's pet dog after masturbating in front of her before being shot
Britain First is using a Polish Spitfire to promote nationalist values
The woman who suffers up to 180 orgasms in just two HOURS: Mother suffers incurable condition that causes persistent arousal and leads to orgasms in supermarkets and on the school run
Detroit Free Press Prints Wrong Harbaugh On Front Page
Argentina's president adopts Jewish boy to save him from life as a werewolf
Cat accidentally sold with mattress back home
Montreal now has a professional cuddling service
Porn star teacher sacked by school for appearing in hardcore films claims: 'I can promote Christianity'
Vaginal Knitting Is Actually a Thing and People are Absolutely Terrified (NSFW)
Is this peak sharing economy? Presenting the Airbnb for Airbnb.
50 Job Search Secrets Straight From the Mouths of Hiring Managers
Small town in Iowa plans school bus stop across the street from sex offender's home. Mayor says, "My kids are all 'growed' up and gone...so its not affecting me none."
Tourist slam Arthur's Seat over lack of gift shop
3D printed urns designed to look like the dead
BUS DANGER: Stop Across From Sex Offender's Home
Obama's golf outing forces soldiers to relocate wedding
Charles Koch's views on criminal justice system just may surprise you Read more here: http://www.kansas.com/news/special-reports/koch/article5050731.html#storylink=cpy
Dustin Diamond arrested for allegedly stabbing a guy in a bar
No, Argentina's president did not adopt a Jewish child to stop him turning into a werewolf
Charles Koch's views on criminal justice system just may surprise you
Vladimir Putin: The 10th Most Admired Man in America
Florida Police Department Won't Release Facts About Off-Duty Cop Who Killed His Own Son, Tells Public Not to Judge Case Without Facts
Christian Group Hopes To Lure Hungry Souls To Jesus By Building McDonald's Inside Church
Soldiers relocate Hawaii wedding so Obama can play golf
The ancient Arabian tradition of camel racing has taken a modern twist - with robot jockeys
Latest News Next Article » updated 3:50 PM EST 12.29.14Obama's golf makes couple relocate wedding
Taliban declares 'defeat' of Nato
Argentina's President Adopts Boy to End Werewolf Curse
House GOP leader confirms role at white-supremacist event
Man accused of molesting friend during drive in Downtown Dubai in attempt to make her angry
Couple moves wedding because of Obama's golf game
Argentina's president adopts boy as godson to prevent him from turning into werewolf
Argentina's president adopted a young Jewish boy as her godson to prevent him from turning into a werewolf.
Women get engaged after meeting at Ferguson anti-racism protests
Santa Maria Couple Get Married at Costco
Man attacked for refusing "thank you" whiskey
Little Old Lady Arrested for Making Fur Coats with Neighbor's Cats
House GOP leader once addressed white supremacists
Obama: North Korea a 'Shithole'
Man returns stolen Android tablet when he can't work it
Police: Masturbating Man Shot After Breaking Into Home And Stealing Dog
Bill O'Reilly and Ben Carson Make Gallup's 'Most Admired' List
Promising jockey shot during bizarre masturbatory burglary
Scalper buys $650 of 'The Interview' tickets, now wants refund
Residents below aging B.C. dam warned: in case of major earthquake, get out in 10 minutes or die
Catholic schools: Ontario parents fighting to have children exempt from religious studies
Half-Moon Makes Dramatic Pass at Uranus Tonight
Alleged victims sue convicted sex offender who won $3 million lottery
Ultra-Orthodox Men Cause Flight Delay By Refusing To Sit By Women, Again
Flight delayed as haredi men refuse to sit next to woman
Obama's Golf Plans Force Army Captains to Relocate Their Wedding
Couple Forced to Move Wedding So Obama Could Play Golf
Supreme Leader of Iran Loves Trolling America with Hashtags
Guy Selling This Mega Truck Will Prove He's 'Not Compensating'
Creator of Sonichu arrested for making GameStop employee over Sonic's arm color.
Creator of Sonichu arrested for macing GameStop employee
Iran's Ayatollah Ali Khamenei vilifies U.S. on Twitter
Buste Di Carta Stand Up Con Sacchetti Valvola
Police: Clanging pots mistaken for shots at Chicago Ridge Mall
Alert issued after adult film actor contracts HIV during film shoot
Chinese website forum warned two weeks ago that air asia will crash next. Warned of organisation called black hand responsible for all malaysian airplane crashes
United Airlines sues 22-year-old who found method for buying cheaper plane tickets
Hippo dies after leaping from truck
Men wrestling soup cans?!
How ISIS Sells and Buys Women?
Dog rape suspect controversially freed by animal-abasing judge
Florida man accused of killing his friend asked Siri where to hide the body, court hears
Lovebirds who vanished return after 17 years, with different spouses
Sabres' Kaleta punches himself in the head during fight with Senators' Cowen
Argentina's president said to 'adopt' Jewish boy to save him from life as a 'werewolf'
Amazon Offers All-You-Can-Eat Books. Authors Turn Up Noses.
After 28 years, a woman and prized Mustang reunite
'How To Stab A Jew' Video Becomes A Big Hit On Palestinian Social Media
40,000 Free Endangered Species Condoms
Stunned Birmingham dad charged £59,400 instead of £5.94 for wrapping paper by Card Factory
Mickey Mouse Will Pay For Jim Harbaugh's $48 Million Michigan Contract
CIA admits to being responsible for at least half of UFO sightings in the 50s and 60s
2 Chainz Catches His Toddler Daughter Twerking To His Music During Performance
Overweight Americans throwing off safety of city buses
Patrick Kaleta Helps Out Opponent By Punching Himself In The Head During Fight
Masturbating burglary suspect is promising jockey
Ted Cruz is billed as a Passover vacation attraction
MegaChurch a Pastor drops the N Word on Christmas Eve
Kensington Police Department relocates to larger trailer
Minnesota's giant paper ball sets Guinness record
Police: Toilet Paper Links Man to Heist Attempt
Play-Doh Enrages Parents With a Penis-Shaped Baking Toy
Lab-grown vaginas successfully implanted in teenage girls.
Science Increasingly Makes the Case for God
B.C. 911 call centre asks public to stop calling to complain about broken Wi-Fi
China businessman jailed for 13 years for buying and eating three tigers
Metta World Peace changes name to Metta Minaj
Penis-Shaped Play-Doh Toy Ruins Christmas for Uptight People Everywhere
Ex-Korean Air executive detained in 'nut rage' case
Briton 'joined Isis after missing University deadline'
UCLA professor being protested against for correcting grammar in African American students' papers.
13 Pro-Gay Bakeries Deny 'Gay Marriage Is Wrong' Cake
Philadelphians Wear More Sweatpants Than Anybody, Says Study
"I guess I never realized how many sex toys we have around here..." (SFW)
Possum Drop Will Go On, Without a Live Animal
Netflix countdown will help parents fool kids on New Year's Eve
There is such a thing as Apple-Product Perfume...
Argentinian President Adopts Seventh Son of Jewish Family in Order to Counteract Werewolf Curse
Darwin ATM theft attempt backfires as masked man is knocked backwards by explosion
President of Argentina adopts Jewish teen as godson to prevent him from becoming a werewolf
Customers Pissed About Play-Doh's Phallic-Shaped Toy Take To Facebook
Wall Collapses At Morton Factory, Cars At Dealership Next Door Buried In Salt
Idaho toddler accidentally shoots and kills woman inside Walmart
Keep it weird Austin
News Building collapse reported at Morton Salt on North Side (Chicago)
Police: Boy, 2, accidentally kills mom in Idaho Walmart
U.S. Will Easily Defeat Russia under Vladimir Putin Because Of Smarter Leadership and iPads - Barack Obama
Two Year Old Becomes America's Youngest Killer After He Shoots a Woman Dead in Walmart
Ceiling collapse exposes Chinese panty thief
Getting Smart with: 8 Useful Lessons to learn from Children to Uplift your Startup - sEeuPs
Police: Boy, 2, accidentally kills woman in store
There Will Be No Live-Possum Drop in Brasstown, N.C., This New Year's Eve
Austin postpones News Year's Eve celebration.
Toddler Accidentally Shoots Walmart Shopper
Llama on the loose sparks six hour chase in Littleborough
2-year-old accidentally kills his mom in Wal-Mart
Toddler Accidentally Kills Woman in Wal-Mart
Appeals Court Overturns Conviction Because Prosecutor Recited 'Dixie'
People Are Using Hacked Toy Hobbit Sting Swords to Find Unsecured Wi-Fi
Woman at Walmart Accidentally Shot Dead by 2-Year-Old Son
US woman accidentally shot dead by son, two, in Idaho Wal-Mart
Parents to Play-Doh: Penis-shaped toy 'completely ruined' Christmas
Toddler Fatally Shoots Mother in Idaho Walmart
Papa Roach's Jacoby Shaddix Confirms He Has Herpes, Denies He Got It From His Uncle
Resident defies order to remove 'Zombie Nativity'
Authorities: Woman fatally shot by 2-year-old in Idaho Wal-Mart
Monsanto Tries Patenting Natural Tomatoes
Toddler Fatally Shoots Woman In Idaho Walmart
49 Tremendous Things That Florida Men Accomplished This Year
Florida Woman Calls 911 After McDonald's Runs Out of McNuggets
Woman shot and killed with her own gun by 2-year-old while shopping at Idaho Walmart
Mom fatally shot when son, 2, grabs gun from her purse in Walmart
2-year-old fatally shoots mother at Idaho Wal-Mart
Fox's Jesse Watters: If Police Were Racist, They Would Just Let Black People Kill Each Other
Play-Doh Is Doing Damage Control for Accidentally Manufacturing a Dil-Doh
Group Files Lawsuit Against Kansas For Teaching Science In Science Class
Developer of Viagra is knighted
Police In Scotland Tweet Out Plans To 'Investigate' Any 'Offensive Comments' On Social Media | Techdirt
Wall of Morton Salt building collapses, cars buried in salt
Kim Kardashian explains why she rarely smiles: 'It causes wrinkles'
Woman 'throws maxi-pad at driver after urinating on bus'
2 year old shoots his mother at Walmart
A Wholesale-Loving Couple Got Married in the Frozen Foods Section of Costco
Irate nudists chase down 'esky camera pervert' and perform naked 'citizens' arrest' at nude beach.
Frozen director says 'sorry' to parents for 'Let It Go.'
How did Hitler's scar-faced henchman become an Irish farmer?
Hasbro Forced to Change Play-Doh set after Parent Complaints
2 year old accidentally shoots and kills his mom in Wal-Mart.
The horrific practice putting women at increased risk of HIV: African and Indonesian women 'dry' their vaginas with sand and bleach to make sex more pleasurable for men
Drunk birds slur songs
McDonald's has a new tactic... be less like McDonald's
Nudists chase down naked man with camera hidden in esky on Maslin Beach, South Australia
Cute Giant Bunny Statues Are Tearing Apart Newport Beach
Midlands man looking for `yellow belly coward' who stole baby Jesus
Fluffy monsters wrestling? Yeah it's a thing!
Viper is a Struggle Rapper Who Released 333 Albums This Year
Newspaper Tweets, Deletes Perfectly Good Aaron Rodgers Penis Joke
Play-Doh's 'Dil-Doh' Dough Pump Freaks Out Parents
Surgeons discover 5-inch sex toy in woman's vagina that had been there for 10 YEARS
Woman Hid Dead Babies So Her Boyfriend Would Not Find Out About Them, Prosecutor Says
Ex-KKK leader David Duke: Lay off Steve Scalise or I'll start naming other pols I met with
Former U.S. Senator to Sell Pot Products
Parents upset over penis-shaped Play-Doh toy
Quebec asks handicapped woman on welfare to repay money earned begging
/r/NotTheOnion's Best of 2014 Award Winners!
ACT police account tweets porn photos | SBS News
Authorities seek public help in stopping robberies of Asian restaurant owners
2-year-old shoots, kills mom in Walmart
Hasbro changes Play-Doh set after parents complain about penis-shaped toy
The things we got stuck in our bodies in 2014
Sony PlayStation outage prompts 911 call in Palm Beach County
The inside story of how an Idaho toddler shot his mom at Wal-Mart
Man Blown Away by the Beauty of a Gas Station Bathroom
Kiwi jihadist mistakenly broadcasts his location
Sport just got ugly!
Christmas ruined after dad is charged £59,400 for £5.94 wrapping paper
Korean Air Exec Resigns After Flipping Out About Nuts on a Flight
CCTV camera thief films himself in the act
Someone has shamelessly gone through an AskReddit thread and attached a picture to each comment in order to make ad revenue
Village people upset at Street's YMCA plans
Chinese police break up adult breastfeeding prostitution ring
Controversial Sony movie 'to be dropped into North Korea by balloon'
Target under great for featuring a white Annie in a commercial while the current movie features an Annie that is African American.
Politico: McCain was guilty of engaging in the equivalent of "ethnic cleansing." because he is removing Tea Party representatives from office in Arizona.
VIDEO: Photographer Arrested After Officer Mistakes Ring for Brass Knuckles
Woman shopping in Walmart shot and killed by her toddler
Fox News presenter mocked after appearing to link disappearance of Flight QZ8501 with pilots' use of metric and imperial measurement systems
Fox News Host Suggests Metric System Brought Down AirAsia Flight
New laws for 2015 ban 'tiger selfies'
Fox & Friends claims federal 'sprinkle ban' that doesn't really exist is proof Obama will ban Christmas cookies
Woman Stabs Husband with Squirrel
Your doughnuts are safe from Obama's grasp
No, AirAsia Flight QZ8501 Didn't Disappear Because Of The Metric System
Sony execs reduced to using BlackBerrys after hack
Men's Rights Group Demands Their Balls Be Allowed to Breathe on Buses
2 Year Old Kills Mother in a Walmart
US Forest Service asks visitors to refrain from taking selfies with bears
Horse Jockey Masturbates On Patio, Fights Dogs, Assaults Two People, Gets Shot
Arrested with BAC of 10.30 and without driving licence (Belgium)
White Castle Is Now Serving Veggie Sliders
Arrested with BAC of 10.30 and without driving licence
Two sons get mother beaten to death by occultist for good luck
Baby girl 'starves to death' in car as parents visit American buffet restaurant (x-post /r/news)
PETA gives award for canceling New Year fireworks
Baby girl 'starves to death' in car as parents visit American buffet restaurant
Russia slashing vodka prices as economy reels
NY Couple Complained About Neighbor So Much They Were Arrested
South Korean to drop The Interview in North by balloon
Florida church shootout between pastor and staffer leaves man injured, 20 children unharmed.
Baby starved to death 'as parents ate at endless buffet'
Salt Factory Wall Collapses, Several Acuras Are Injured By Salt Avalanche
Mom Charged In Infant's Meth Overdose Death
Chinese man jailed for 13 years for eating tigers and making wine from their blood
Florida Pastor Shoots Armed Former Employee
Wall collapses at Morton Salt building in Goose Island
#WomenAgainstFeminism Creator Removed From Twitter For Quoting Radical Feminists
Colt-hearted criminal: Masturbating Philadelphia burglar identified as horse jockey Angel Suarez Medero
Half-Female, Half-Male Cardinal is a Lonely Bird
GOOD NEWS! Decade of Non-Incarcerative Diversionary Programme Results in Complete Rehabilitation of Offender
NHL Winter Classic weather forecast: Chilly, near 40, but possibly sun-delayed
Prediksi Tottenham vs Chelsea 2 Januari 2015
Apple sued for shrinking storage space on 16GB devices thanks to iOS 8
Hasbro is offering to exchange Play-Doh toy that looks like a penis.
Beard Beer: Rogue is NOT kidding...
Man known as "poop gangsta" wanted in Euclid shooting
Is Ndamukong Suh a dirty player or just really stupid?
Geo-Jihad: New Zealamd militant accidentally tweets his Syria Location
Syria: Manchester teen jihadi bride tweets 'lol' after husband dies fighting with Isis
Militant from New Zealand fighting in Syria mistakenly tweets his location
New U.S. Stealth Jet Can't Fire Its Gun Until 2019
Watch North Korea's Supreme Leader Fly A Plane
Postponed - Austin's New Year 2015
Liam Neeson will personally endorse your "particular set of skills" on LinkedIn
Cars buried in salt after wall collapses at storage facility
Carlsbad New Year's Eve Party rescheduled when alcohol supply truck crashed
TriMet masturbator jailed for Dollar Tree haircut
Angry naturists on nudist beach chase down man hiding camera in his cooler bag
Sony hackers are now threatening CNN, FBI warns ...and demand the network turn over Wolf Blitzer
WARNING: Possible Measles Exposures at Please Touch Museum, Main Line CVS
Local Utah man says he needs guns because a human head was thrown through his front window.
California couple gets married in frozen food aisle at Costco
Utah man tells federal judge that he needs guns because a human head was recently thrown through his front window
$215M Ski Resort Planned for North Texas
Cuyahoga County pays $200,000 to settle lawsuit after man chokes on a deodorant cap in jail
Trillion-dollar war in Afghanistan achieved its goal, says Barack Obama
Jump Your Bones Brand Kangaroo Meat Pet Treats Recalled for Salmonella Risk
Sony Hackers Threaten To Attack CNN, Demand Outlet Turn Over Wolf Blitzer
Hasbro to replace penis-shaped Play-Doh toy
New Zealand: IS terrorist mistakenly broadcasts his location over Twitter
Government blocks over 60 websites including github & sourceforge on anti-terror advisory
Man Arrested for Possession of Knives, Broken Hockey Stick
Illinois Congressman Having Way Better Vacation Than You
Researcher Steals Fingerprints Using Only a Camera.
Bloomberg: Bitcoin Was World's Worst Currency in 2014
NYPD Cops Stop Patrolling Streets, Crime Rates Begin Falling; Traffic Violations Down 94%
A Guy Fixed His Overheating MacBook Pro By Putting It In The Oven And Baking It At 170 Degrees
NYT: Hasbro Is Replacing Toy Piece Many Think Resembles a Penis
Police: Don't Approach Escaped Goat
World's top publisher 'regrets' erasing Israel from atlas meant for Middle East customers
Ndamukong Suh stepped on Aaron Rodgers because he had 'cold feet'
Chinese businessman is jailed for 13 years for hiring poachers to kill tigers so he could eat their penises
Maury Povich is being sued by convicted felon after he saw his daughter on an episode and became emotionally distressed and suicidal.
'Gimp Man of Essex' revels in agony aunt role
Mom fatally shot by 2-year-old in WAL-MART
CEO of Google, Larry Paige sued after man bleeds from his eyes, ears, and anus while painting Paige's yacht.
Project Information: ROLE OF ROMANTIC RELATIONSHIPS IN THE SEXUAL BEHAVIOR OF OBESE AND NON-OBESE GIRL
Ukraine police watch as pro-Russian politician thrown in dumpster
35 killed, 48 injured in Shanghai stampede
Latino Man Arrested For Performing Fellatio On A Horse!
If You Don't Want To Watch Fish Fellatio, Here's a Description
George Lucas Hasn't Seen The 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Trailer
New laws OK wine shipments, ban tiger selfies
Members of French far-right party spike vice-president's drink with laxative
Idaho mother accidentally shot by 2-year-old son after he unzipped gun pocket, family says
Realtime monitoring system of toilets to be launched tomorrow.
The danger of high new-year expectations
Human feces map finds San Francisco's homeless
Make learner laptops a boon!
Amazon Names Amazon Show as Best of 2014
Fox News Host Worries What Regulating Trans Fats in Sprinkle Doughnuts Means for Freedom
Idaho woman shot dead by two-year-old son was nuclear scientist
Rental Car Stereos Infringe Copyright, Music Rights Group Says
Victim: Our 'hero' dog disappeared after fighting off masturbating intruder in Bensalem
Cancer is the `best death` - so don't waste billions trying to cure it, says leading doctor
Stray donkey causes chaos in most important ISIS strongholds in Diyala
City Erects Cages To Keep Homeless People Off Benches
Cancer is the best way to die because it allows people time to say goodbye claims leading doctor as he calls for an end to spending billions searching for a cure
Metta World Peace's new sneakers have fluffy bears on them
Mystery Over Water Heater Rammed Down Mans Throat
Play Doh That Resemebles Male Anatomy Causes Outrage
Kiwi ISIS fighter mistakenly broadcasts location via Twitter
Activist plans to air drop The Interview into North Korea, general tasked with stopping it
New Zealander thought to be fighting in Syria accidentally tweets locations
A Pirate Akhilesh: UP CM says he 'downloaded' PK, gets ridiculed on Twitter
How Liam Neeson and Taken put Americans off travelling to Europe
Lab-grown Vaginas Successfuly Implanted In Four Teenagers
'Bae' is on list of words to ban
Grandmother jailed for hugging granddaughter is freed by judge
Treated worse than a dog: Grandmother freed after three days in jail for a hug reveals how she was bruised by police officers; deprived of sleep and access to her lawyer and not allowed to take her liver pills
51 years after crashing his Thunderbird, a 7-inch piece of the car is found in man's arm
Fire station catches fire
GOP candidate: Colorado gay congressman will behead Christians who don't worship sodomy
Cancer is the best way to die and we should stop trying to cure it, says doctor
Turning Signal Removed from Man's Arm
Four Economists Named 'Goodman' Co-Authored A Paper About Sharing The Name 'Goodman'
Turn Signal From 1963 Car Wreck Removed From Illinois Man's Arm
Mystery object removed from man's arm after 51 years
Knife-wielding sushi chef foils restaurant robbery
Man gets naked in CVS, lays on dog beds
Besides Lifestyle and Inherited Genes, Cancer Risk Also Tied to Bad Luck
New Year fireworks and gunfire leave 354 injured in Philippines, hundreds less than previous years
Five ways to know you're speaking to white supremacists
Pope calls for peace in New Year and teases 'noisy' Mexicans
5 decades after wreck, 7-inch turn signal found in arm
NSA has VPNs in Vulcan death grip-no, really, that's what they call it
France sees 12-per-cent dip in cars set on fire on New Year's Eve
Man arrested for decapitating mother because she 'nagged' him about putting boxes in attic
Pope in New Year call for peace, teases 'noisy' Mexicans
Play-Doh Recalling Toy After Parents Across America Realize It Looks A Lot Like A Penis
The city of Austin [TX] is indefinitely postponing New Year's Eve.
Woman bumps into dead body in Spa Castle hot tub
Son decapitated mother over 'nagging,' Florida sheriff says
5.1 Northern California earthquake: Biggest quake of 2015 (so far)
Taylor Swift almost tripping was the top news story on my feed from New Year's Eve Times Square News.
100% of Mississippi Residents receive Fiber-To-The-Home Gigabit internet on January 1, 2015.
'Emotional support' pig kicked off plane
Comcast Customer Spends Four Hours Canceling His Account.
Oil's plunge has decimated Harold Hamm's fortune and now his ex-wife wants $300-million by Wednesday 'just to get by'
Alaska prepares to offer grizzly license plates
Florida man decapitates his mother
Chart: Americans are in an unusually good mood - all the time
Jeb Bush Resigns as George W. Bush's Brother
For the third time in seven months, a fire department station burns to the ground in Atlantic Canada
Sheriff: Son Decapitated Mother Over Nagging
Couple high on drugs 'trapped' inside UNLOCKED closet for days
Death penalty sought for couple who 'had sex and ate pizza as they tortured three-year-old son to death'
Naked man causes accidents, says he wanted to go back to heaven.
Muslim hackers take over Bristol journey planner website
Oil tycoon: I'm too broke for $1 billion divorce
Phương pháp điều trị bệnh sản phụ khoa
Kid Calls 911 Because The PlayStation Network Was Down
New eBook Shows How to Cook Food from Skyrim, Zelda
MD degree may not teach doctors how to tweet
51 years after wreck, 7-inch car part found in driver's arm
Man run over and killed by police cruiser on New Years Day
Sodomy, the new jihadi training method?
Meth couple spends two days in a closet unable to get out, called the police and discovered the door was never locked to begin with.
Discerning wine thieves take French Laundry to cleaners
In education-crazy South Korea, top teachers become multimillionaires
Army Thanks Soldier For Confronting Offensive Behavior Online
Poll: One in 8 Germans would join anti-Muslim marches xpost /r/worldnews
Putin calls for vodka price cap.
A lot of Southern whites are a little bit black
小澤康二 復縁女性版 ７つのステップでもう一度好きにさせる方法 気をつけて！こんな口コミ・評価も
Starbucks announces it will finally serve real coffee
Woman accused of driving drunk from one Wal-Mart to another
Friends mourn 'true rockstar' who died in New Year's Eve pool stunt
Two-thirds of cancer cases caused by 'bad luck': Johns Hopkins Medicine study
Bad luck bigger factor in cancer diagnosis than genetics and lifestyle.
Crackhead Couple Spends Two Days "Trapped" in Unlocked Closet
Heart emoji named Top Word of 2014
Florida town passes anti-homeless ordinance prohibiting lying down in parks. Homeless Florida man calls police on family having a picnic. Family is escorted away.
France: Mayor criticised for 'anti-homeless cages' installed around city benches
Train services halted by public to protest against delayed services
Resident Shoots Masturbating Burglar Breaking Into Pennsylvania Apartment
Arrested Drunk Takes Selfie in Jail
Free metal folding chair with WWE 2K15 video game.
Doctor criticised after saying cancer is 'the best way to die'
Most cases of cancer down largely to bad luck rather than lifestyle or inherited genes
François Hollande mocked for looking 'like Borat' - Telegraph
French President Francois Hollande mocked for 'Borat' costume
British TV orders up a comedy series about the Irish famine
New Zealander jihadist mistakenly broadcasts his location on twitter for the whole world to see
Jihadi Cleric advises "you must agree to be sodomized for a while to widen your anus so it can hold the explosives"
Five Ways Obama Can Mess with Republicans in 2015
Alleged grog thief too drunk to run off with $7000 worth of booze
Vietnam could outlaw sex for favors
Baby starved to death in car seat 'as parents ate in endless buffet restaurant'
Islamist hackers break into Bristol bus website in plot to take down the West
Dog rape suspect controversially acquitted by judge who branded animal 'mongrel'
What has Kim Jong-Un done to his eyebrows?
5 Reasons For Why Animal Rights Are A Feminist Issue
/r/nottheonion hits 2 Million subscribers
Deputies: Florida man gets naked in CVS, lies on dog beds
New Zealander ISIS Fighter Accidentally Tweets Secret Location
Sincan Evden Eve Nakliyat
'Drink-driver' hits police station
Constipated goldfish given £300 operation
Professor uses 'Seinfeld' characters to teach Rutgers medical students about psychiatry
Granite City man finds out what's been hidden in his arm for 51 years
Love Me Two Times: The Man With a Double Penis Speaks Out
Teen girl became an ice addict after she was encouraged to smoke the drug by her mother, court told
Man with two penises writes tell-all memoir
Bono worries he may never play guitar again after bike accident
Man finds 'Jesus' buried in his garden
Thousands apply to be shot at in UK
German Neo-Nazis Embrace Vegan Cooking, Techno Music, Hipster Clothes
State Police: Drunken driver in street sweeper arrested on Parkway
Police: FL man cuts mom's head off to keep from doing chores
Suspected drink-driver arrested after crashing into police station
After 51 years, turn signal lever removed from man's arm
An Arlington Server Left a Racial Slur on a Receipt, Got Caught, and Got Fired
Street-Sweeper Driver Charged With Drunken Driving
NYPD asks for help to find man who choked MTA worker. Turns out it was a cop.
Derwood Hodgegrass Gives Holiday Tech to Third World Kids
Iraqi media says ISIS militants have contracted Ebola
First Providence baby of 2015 arrives after family pit stop at outdoor shop
There Is A New College Course In Taking Selfies!
Outrage After Selena Gomez Shows Too Much Ankle at Abu Dhabi Mosque
Selena Gomez removed pic because it showed her ankles.
Study: 'Bad luck' is leading cause of cancer
Eight ugly animals we should save anyway
Ron Gardenhire 'Almost Done' Building Coors Light Can Pyramid in Garage - "I might go to the Redbox later."
NYPD Blames Arrest Slowdown on Morale, Not Being Liked: 'Cops Have Feelings, Too'
Man suspected of DUI in Rose Bowl cart on 210 Freeway in Pasadena
Paul Feig promises "not to ruin your childhoods" with Ghostbusters reboot
Couple Thought They Were Trapped In An Unlocked Closet Filled With Their Own Poop For Days
Lady Freaks Out at Hamilton Skatepark
Constipated goldfish operated on by North Walsham vet
Futuristic Laser Weapon Ready for Action, US Navy Says
Study: White people see "black" Americans as less competent than "African Americans"
Man's breath test so high officer thought machine
Man's breath test so high officer thought machine was broken
Mike Argento: Lions and ice cream and bears...
Obama Outperforms Reagan On Jobs, Growth And Investing
Study: Bad Luck Causes Most Cancers
KKK erects billboard in Arkansas advertising local White Pride radio station featuring shows 'This is the Klan' and 'White Women's Perspective'
Saudi Clerics Fight for the Right to Marry Children
Selena Gomez under fire for showing ankle in a mosque
Too stoned diners are passing out mid meal in restaurants in Denver
US sanctions North Korea for Sony hacks
Owner pays hundreds of dollars on surgery for pet goldfish
Police fatally shoot 'sovereign citizen' after he refuses to show ID when turning over stray animal
In Response to Sony Attack, U.S. Levies Sanctions on 10 North Koreans
Argentina president adopts Jewish boy, saving him from turning into werewolf
Florida courthouses stop all weddings to avoid performing gay ceremonies
Poop Tanker Explodes, Covering Everyone in Human Waste
Apple sued over 'shrinking' gadget storage
This Guy Had A T-Bird Indicator Stalk In His Arm For 51 Years
RABID PONY CONFIRMED IN LINCOLN, RI
Man returns stolen tablet when he couldn't make it work
Missouri Pig Brothel Dismantled During FBI Raid
Street sweeper charged with DWI after low-speed chase
Florida man attacks 'spiritual' girlfriend's car over dead granny sex toy dream prophecy
Selena Gomez angers Muslims with photo flash of ankle inside Abu Dhabi mosque
Uber offers tips for not getting sexually assaulted by its drivers
Man found in crashed car 6 hours after it was towed.
Man's Booze Ban After 999 Nicki Minaj Call
Minden mayor fires opponent's mom 2 weeks after election
Hundreds of parents lose their children on Cape Town beaches
McDonald's Fries Near Extinction in Venezuela
Guy Trashes "Spiritual" Girlfriend's Car After Granny Dildo Sex Prophecy
Police chief shot wife in bed
Child With Measles went to Philly's "Please Touch" museum, possible exposing thousands to virus
In lieu of cash, Framingham judge accepts pair of shoes for bail
Hasbro changes phallic play doh toy
19-year-old girl wakes up during brain surgery, asks doctors 'How's it going?'
Couple gets 'trapped' inside unlocked janitor's closet for two days
Turn signal removed from man's arm 51 years after car crash
JJ Watt Named To All Pro Team For Two Different Positions
Man found in crashed car 6 hours after it was toed.
Turn signal lever stuck in man's arm for 51 years
75-Year-Old Man Has Surgery for Arm Pain and Finds the Cause in a 51-Year-Old Missing Car Part
In lieu of cash, Framingham [MA] judge accepts pair of shoes for bail
Med students study Seinfeld in order to analyze potential disorders
Several Bibles have been confiscated from the McMinn county jail after inmates used them to roll up and smoke the New Testament a few too many times.
Penny for her thoughts: Puppy heads home after 2,400-mile U.S. road trip
Lizard Squad Offers $6 DDoS Attack Tool
Dogs have internal magnetic compass to guide pooping orientation
Selena Gomez Deletes Mosque Photo After Sparking Controversy For Showing Her Ankle on Instagram
NYPD is Ironically Proving that Most of their Police Work is Completely Unnecessary
NYC Might Let You Pay Parking Tickets Via Apple Pay, Bitcoin
Pair trapped in an unlocked closet for two days
Survey Says: Teens Hate Facebook
New York Metro's campaign to stop 'man-spreading'
North Korean defector to airdrop DVD, USB copies of The Interview
Oklahoma Legislator Proposes Hoodie Ban
Boy, 11, gives up drinking soda for an entire year to win $500 from his parents - and says he'll spend it on soda
Rape suspect beaten before police arrival
Want to Help the FBI Hunt Hackers?
First sergeant earns ARCOM for calling out online antics
Real-Life Eye Of Sauron To Watch Over Russia From Skyscraper
Leaked NSA Documents Reveal How to Hide From the NSA
Starbucks plan to sell flat whites prompts fears about whether America knows what they are
Man claims sex revelation by 'spiritual' girlfriend caused him to damage her car
Devoted pet owner spends £300 to save his GOLDFISH after it became constipated
Greg Oden Plays Pickup Game, No One Can Box Him Out
Darwin alleged grog thief too drunk to run off with $7000 worth of booze.
Apparently kids these days use acronyms to hide things from their parents...im not sure anyone has ever heard of these or even used them.
Impact Reduction Apparel defend their name and deny affiliation to terror groups. #IRA
Wisconsin 'squirrel whisperer' rescues orphaned babies, says fur smells like maple syrup
Pa. health agency warns of measles exposure at Please Touch Museum
Dad extracts tooth using floss, golf club, ball
'Patience protects chastity' stresses ministry in new moral seminars
San Antonio man very upset after his tiny house stolen after 2.5 years of construction
Indian prime minister claims genetic science existed in ancient times - Narendra Modi gives examples of Karna and Ganesha to support view that cosmetic surgery and reproductive genetics used thousands of years ago
HarperCollins omits Israel from maps for Mideast schools, citing 'local preferences'
Man robs woman with spray paint after collision
Sarah Palin photos of son stepping on dog trigger online outrage
Couple gets married at Ruby Tuesday on New Year's Eve
Florida couple 'trapped' in unlocked closet for days
Woman Faces Up To a Month in Jail For Mailing Her Neighbors Cow Poop
Cufflinks Gifts For Men
Rapper Wants To Track Down Descendants Of Slave Traders, Make Them Pay Reparations.
Cops: Naked Man Took Cat Nap On Store's Dog Beds
Ten thousand apply for job as human paintball pain tester
'How's it going?': Teenager wakes up during brain surgery and asks doctors for progress report
We were sleeping when I shot my wife, Georgia police chief says on 911 tape.
Man stole Xmas tree from officer's dead daughter's grave; police track him with GPS
Massive Brawl Underway at Valley View Cinemark
Suspicious man with flailing arms just out for some exercise
This Guy Posed for His Mugshot Wearing a T-Shirt Featuring His Previous Mugshot
North Korean Defector to Airdrop The Interview into North Korea
Prediksi Malaga vs Almeria 4 Januari 2015 | Citibet88.net
Body found in wheelie bin outside Aldinga Beach house believed to be murder victim
'Muslim hackers' take down bus schedule website
Woman's Tongue Cut Off for Defecating in Field
83% of Rome's police call in sick on New Year Eve
More than 80% of Rome's police called in sick on New Years Eve
ISIS fighters 'have contracted Ebola': World Health Organisation investigating reports militants showed up at Iraqi hospital with lethal disease
6 drunk elephants electrocute themselves
US: DVD cover for 'Pride' removes all references to homosexuality
Pride movie: US DVD cover removes all references to 'lesbians and gays'
Bono bike accident: 'I may never play guitar again'
Jesus Seen In Chicken, Smoke Plumes And Garden Gnomes: The Year's Top Sacred Sightings
India's Government Will Now 'Check and Verify the Use of Toilets'
Police chief on 911 tape: I shot my wife in my sleep
CBS Sports Radio Host Jim Rome Calls College Marching Band Members 'Dorks' on Twitter, Apologizes
Belgian mayor fines people that insult him on facebook
Georgia Police Chief Says He Accidentally Shot Wife
Is this a ghost? Photographer snaps mysterious figure
'Take us to a big city!' Asylum seekers stage sit-in after Sweden offers housing in tiny town
Ku Klux Klan fights for right to 'adopt a highway'
Medical Students Now Watch Seinfeld to Learn About Psychiatric Disorders
12 armed cops in 3 police vans rescue a pig from slaughter in Mumbai
Three Held by Burmese Police after Ad Featuring Buddha Wearing Headphones Sparks Outrage
2 year old to be tried as an adult for murder
Constipated goldfish's life saved with $465 surgery
DUP politician Maurice Mills - who blamed Hurricane Katrina on gay people - awarded MBE by Queen
U.S. imposes sanctions on North Korea for Sony hack.
Couple couldn't remember if they were hit by a cab
Sushi chef helps foil attempted robbery
Selfie students: London college offers course in selfies
United Airlines Customer Service Was So Bad It Made a Monk Lose His Cool
Brazilian Minister of Sports: "I don't deeply understand sports"
Rental car stereos infringe copyright music, music rights group says
Bailed Australian balcony murder suspect places bizarre photo on Facebook page
New CNN.COM layout leads thousands realize they aren't actually viewing journalism.
Prediksi Yeovil Town vs Manchester United 4... - speedbet - FriendFeed
Troopers: Anvik man accused of drunken driving escapes by snowmachine
Police Chief Who 'Accidentally' Shot His Wife Twice Had Been Divorced By Her, and Caught Cheating
McDonalds plans to respond to falling sales with "more focus on lovin'"
Bristol bus website mistakenly hacked by Islamic extremists
Oklahoma wants to ban Mark Zuckerberg's favorite piece of clothing. First they came for my hoodie, and I remained silent. Then they came for my matching shirtie, and it was too late.
Russian schoolboy has audience in hysterics after turning up as Joseph Stalin instead of Joseph of Nazareth
Oklahoma wants to ban Mark Zuckerberg's favorite item of clothing. First they came for my hoodie, and I remained silent. Then they came for my matching shirtie, and it was too late.
Fisherman Says He Saw Bigfoot Bathing ... And He Sent Us A Picture!
Madonna defends herself against backlash over altered photos of civil rights icons: 'I'm not comparing myself to anyone'
Suspected drink-driver arrested over police station crash
What did United Airlines do to anger monk?
Twins Can Do The Coolest
Father asks police to supervise daughter's spanking
Kid Rock Calls Rap-Rock Gay
Wearing your hoodie in public could soon cost you up to a $500 fine
Baby starved to death as parents dined at all-you-can-eat restaurant
Madonna Compares Herself to Fellow 'Rebel Hearts' Nelson Mandela, MLK Jr. on Social Media
US hunter 'shoots dead' historic first grey wolf seen in Grand Canyon for 70 years
Pair thought they were trapped in unlocked closet for 2 days, police say
Global bacon shortage 'unavoidable'
Phil Neville made his first cup of instant coffee at the age of 37
WaPo Reporter Sorry He Couldn't Get Photo Of Obama Under A Rainbow
Teen wakes up during brain surgery, asks how it's going
iTunes and Spotify Announce They Will Be Removing All Insane Clown Posse Music From Their Library - See more at: http://nationalreport.net/itunes-spotify-announce-will-remove-icp-music/#sthash.qxJjtgwd.dpuf
Insulting a politician in Tournai can set you back 350 euros
5 Ways To Make Money From North Korea
Obese dachshund sheds 43 pounds after a year of dieting
Utah Woman Discovers Cocaine Hidden in Tampons
Monk loses temper dealing with United Airlines customer service
A Homesick Man From Vietnam Went On An iPad-Smashing Rampage In An Apple Store Because He Wanted To Be Deported
No Google, this is not a photo of Kim Jong-un's sister
'I would like to bury them alive': Two women cause outrage after being pictured sunbathing on top of GRAVESTONES... just metres from a swimming lake
New KKK Billboard Causes Stir in Harrison, Ark.
Coach to Kobe: Take more shots
Women caught sunbaking atop graves at Gippsland cemetery
Breaking News: DRACULA Found On Mars
In China Many Citizens Drink The Blood Of A Deer To Achieve A Long Life
Politician who blamed Hurricane Katrina on gay people awarded MBE by Queen
New Bill Would Make Wearing Hoodies A Crime
City in Ohio named Oregon to temporarily change name for title game
Man Turning In Stray Dog to Animal Shelter, Killed by Police After Refusing to Show ID
Hawaiian Woman Captures Giant Crab In Large Box
Man sends wife a spreadsheet of all the times she denied him sex
Over privileged idiot moves abroad for 12 days and hates it, moves back home costing her parents thousands of dollars.
SuperNaturals Grafted Vegetables releasing Ketchup 'n' Fries
Drunk Street Sweeper Leads Cops On Low-Speed New Year's Chase
Boston judge accepts man's offer of new Nike sneakers as bail
Mark Zuckerberg's 2015 resolution: Start a book club
Woman backs into Polar Express train, didn't hear or see it coming.
Crabs Spilled By Accident All Stolen by Chinese Within 5 Minutes
Police unsure how long people were stepping over dead homeless person in front of Market Street coffee shop
Constipated goldfish operated on
Man shares bed with two wives
Listening To Storage: Listening tests reveal significant sound quality differences between various digital music storage technologies
Eight Major Identical Twin Studies Prove Homosexuality Is Not Genetic
Oprah Goes On Tour To Encourage Realizing Self-Worth, Asks Bay Area Performer To Work For Free
Gwyneth Paltrow Reveals Conscious Uncoupling Just Boring Old Depressing Divorce.
Couple Spent 2 Days Trapped in a Closet That Wasn't Actually Locked
UFOs: CIA claims responsibility for more than HALF of sightings in late 50s and 60s
Machete-Wielding Security Guard Thwarts Robbery Of Adult Toy Store After Being Attacked With Bong
Man's Bike Stolen From Police Station While He Filed Police Report
Colombian woman puta potato in vagina for contraception - Hospitalised after it grew roots
GOP's top goal is proving the party can govern well
Teen Iga Jasica wakes up during brain surgery, asks how it's going
News report finds that 25% of all Russian men die before the age of 50 due to Vodka. [x-post from /r/todayilearned]
Girl Plants A Potato Inside Her Vagina For Birth Control
Taliban commander caught networking on LinkedIn
Thai government cracks down on tourist beach umbrellas
Fans Slashed FSU Players Tires & Keyed Their Cars After Loss to Oregon
Only 940 cars torched in France this New Year's Eve
Hacked: Bristol bus timetable website taken over by Muslim extremists
Drug addicts head for Vietnam ancient town to prey on tourists
Turkish governor restricts elevator usage to battle obesity
Turkish governor restricts lift use to fight obesity
US CTO Tries To Wean the White House Off Floppy Disks
Her Task Is to Wean the White House Off Floppy Disks
UK Monitors "Toddlers" for Extremism
Anti-terror plan to spy on toddlers 'is heavy-handed'
David Cameron: President Obama calls me 'Bro'
Cameron Carpenter - Cameron Carpenter - Birth of the International Touring Organ
Obama likes to call me 'bro' sometimes, says Cameron
Oklahoma lawmakers want to ban hoodies
NASA explores inflatable spacecraft technology.
'The Voice' contestant records track to praise Kim Jong-un, slam James Franco
Attracted To Men, Pastor Feels Called To Marriage With A Woman
Porn hits new low with Eric Garner 'I Can't Breathe' protest parody
Anti-terror plan to spy on toddlers
Man trashes girlfriend's car over granny dildo sex prediction
Judge accepts man's offer of new Nike sneakers as bail
Oregon seed company sells U.S. release of 'ketchup and fries' hybrid plant
Sarah Palin to enraged animal lovers: "Chill, at least my son didn't eat the dog"
British Playboy Twins Say That Living At The Playboy Mansion Is Like A Prison
Irish Man Banned From Drinking Alcohol After Claiming to 999 He Was Nicki Minaj
Sarah Palin on Pet Stepping Controversy: Well... Obama EATS Dogs!
Passive-aggressive monk loses his cool with airline's customer services
Attracted To Men, Pastor Feels Called To Marriage With A Woman : NPR
Officials tell family to scale back luxe treehouse
After a Spa Day, Looking Years Younger (O.K., They're Only 7)
Jon Bruning files lawsuit over Colorado's legalization of marijuana
She was Dressed to Kill and it Saved Her Life
Man trashes girlfriend's car after she predicts his dead gran will abuse him with dildo
Kanye West's Fans Think He 'Discovered' Paul McCartney on 'Only One'
Lego pieces still being washed up on British beaches 18 years after being washed overboard
Athletic scholarship to play video games... Robert Morris University in Illinois, the first school to categorize playing video games as a varsity sport, even offering scholarship funds for the "athletes."
Accrington sell tickets for Manchester United game that will never happen
The next Rambo movie has been announced, will be called "Rambo: Last Blood"
Woman Killed by Her Own, Driverless Car: Police
Nursery staff to be forced to report toddlers at risk of becoming terrorists
Man trashes girlfriend's car over dead granny dildo sex prediction
Teachers and childminders to monitor toddlers for their risk of becoming terrorists
Indianapolis men stole thousands of dollars of Crest strips
Oklahoma Senate Mulls Very Important Hoodie Ban
iTunes and Spotify Announce They Will Be Removing All Insane Clown Posse Music From Their Library
Ray Lewis to appear on Spike TV series 'Coaching Bad' to help coaches with anger issues
Ancient India Had Planes: Controversial Claim At Science Congress
People use jam sandwiches to lure deer onto road and collect carcass after it's hit then turn it into venison pies
Maple Leafs goalie Jonathan Bernier hails 'hockey' great Nelson Mandela
Arrest after man's nose bitten off in Gateshead
Batman killed in the Ukraine, allegedly on orders from The Carpenter
Doctors shocked to discover potato growing inside Colombian woman's vagina
Indians invented planes 7,000 years ago - and other startling claims at the Science Congress
Oklahoma State Senitor Proposes $500 Fine For Wearing Hoodies
Drug Dealer Expecting Slow January As Entire Clubbing Community Detoxes
'Psychic Girl' Tells Man He'll Have 'Dildo Sex' With His Gran, So He Smashes Up Her Car
'Drunk' street sweeper who wanted candy arrested after chase
Crews rescue naked woman trapped in ex-lover's SoCal chimney
China trying to kill off real-life 'Pikachu' animal
UK govt wants nurseries to report potential terrorist toddlers
Macy's Shoplifter Tries to Escape by Grabbing Poop From Her Pants, Smearing it on Security Guard's Face
3 men see snout, free moose buried in avalanche
Government Should Pay Women To Date Socially Awkward Men, Suggests Man
Millennials relieved after confusing Mario Cuomo with rock singer
Study: 'Bad luck' causes most cancer
Ouch: Chicago man superglues his hand to his penis
Party-goer stabbed in head, drives 60 Miles with knife in skull
David Cameron: President Obama calls me 'Bro' - Telegraph
Sarah Palin posted a photo of her son stepping on their dog for New Year's
Parrot Announces Bluetooth-Connected Flowerpot
Black Protesters Storm NYC Restaurants - Target & Harass White People Eating Brunch
Fandango boldly declares that people are looking forward to the new Star Wars movie
A Scrabble player has had a one-year ban overturned but lost his battle to have his name cleared of cheating in court.
Medieval peasants got a lot more vacation time than you: economist
Bisexual man with two penises writes tell-all memoir
Taliban leader lists 'jihad' as skill on LinkedIn
Train eunuch turns mayor
Play-Doh offers to replace 'dildo' playset tool after criticism.
Barack Obama's name for David Cameron: 'Bro'
Man gets old car part removed from his body after 51 years.
GTA 5 Gamer calls 999 over dead character
Married pastor chooses not to act on his attraction to men
Horse on ute gives cops long face
After 51 years, man gets a 7-inch car part removed from his arm
Pilot of Missing AirAsia Flight QZ8501 Was a Devout Muslim Who Slaughtered Christians
Nine people choke to death eating mochi rice cakes in Japan
Medieval Bruges is to get its own underground beer pipeline
Family hit with £400 fine after taking too long to eat pub lunch
Adult toy store security guard clobbers suspected robber with machete
Nuclear power is the greenest option, say top scientists
Vicar pulls out the old 'hanging curtains in the nude and slipped onto a potato' excuse
Devon farmer forced to kill 'Nazi' cows because they are too aggressive
'Nazi' cows tried to kill my staff says farmer
Sorry, not sure where else to post this but this may be bullshit. Can anyone help me clarify?
Bollywood actor Sahil Khan threatens to leak own nude pictures to prove he's not gay
Linton Zoo lions play with old Christmas trees
Czech Politician: Walk Pigs Near Mosques
Devon farmer forced to offload aggressive Nazi-bred 'super cows'
How Do Muslim Women Encourage Misogyny?
awrsome money earn online
In Europe, pirates are writing the copyright law
Manchester City's Yaya Toure Avoids female fans
The benefits couple who are too FAT to work
Philippine crime lord enjoys jailhouse rock
UK Teachers to Tattle on Toddlers at Risk for Becoming Terrorists
Man pins his girlfriend under his car, insists she was the one driving.
Gay banner removed from Pride DVD cover in US
U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron Boasts That Obama Calls Him 'Bro'
Turkey: Governor restricts lift use to fight obesity
In Limerick I've watched kids (2) sucking red bull from baby bottles
NYPD stops aggressively patrolling city- murders and crime hit lowest point in recorded NYPD history
'Ellen' Dance Dare - NYPD Incident (Gone Wrong)
Roger Todd Perry charged with second-degree murder over death of slap victim in Miami food market
You can now hurt someone's feelz just by sitting on the train.
KFC Restaurant in Sydney, Australia, Will Sell Beer and Cider
Police stop space hopper bouncer
You can hurt someone's feelz just by sitting on the train
Stayin' alive: Disco clam has a flashy defense strategy
Maybe You Get Bad Customer Service Because You're a Bad Customer
Sneakers for bail and you're good to go in MA
Former KKK Leader and Senator Freaks Out After Nicki Minaj Speaks Out Against Police Brutality
Should American Colonists on Mars have to pay U.S. Taxes?
Naked Girl Tries To Break Into Her Ex Boyfriend's House Through The Chimney
Space hopper man caught on dual carriageway
Woman Gets Stuck Shimmying Naked Down Chimney Of Estranged Boyfriend's Home
living in poverty takes a harsher toll on black Americans than white Americans, study finds
Meet the Two Guys Who Are Doomed to Watch 'Grown Ups 2' for Eternity.
PETA to Sarah Palin: 'We just sent a case of vegan caviar to Putin'
Police chief criticized by police union for being "anti-racism"
Japan officials advise chewing slowly after rice cake deaths
Atlanta Hawks to Host Tinder Dating Night for Fans
Huge aeroplane flew in ancient India
Embracing Islam Will be Real Home Coming: Asaduddin Owaisi
Doe attacks man after being shot with crossbow
Man blames VA Hospital after sleeping meds left him with erection for weeks
Government Should Pay Women To Date Men With Social Anxiety, Suggests Man
FBI classifies Phis Phans as a criminal gang
Couple trapped in unlocked closet for two days
Doe attacks man after being shot with arrow
NYPD Officer Turns Himself In After Video Shows Him Assaulting Subway Conductor
Prosecutors: Woman sprayed Menards guard with dog repellent
Men's rights activist threatens to murder women who visit his website.
'This Paul McCartney guy gonna be huge!' Kanye West fans question who the 'newcomer' is after Only One collaboration
The Dalai Lama To Open For Lionel Richie At Glastonbury
Pittsburgh police chief's 'challenge racism' photo angers cop unions
Kanye fans credit him for discovering a new talent named "Paul McCartney"
Princeton Student: Joking About How I Pronounce 'Cool Whip' Is a Microaggression
Whimsical Spiderman Figure, giving out gifts to children in Cairo, arrested for no real reason.
Nazi-bred cows so aggressive farmer had to turn them into sausages
Oklahoma Lawmakers Want To Ban People From Wearing Hoodies In Public
18,000 cakes left in Serbia landfill stolen and resold
Danny Brown is writing a Dr. Seuss inspired children's book, new album
Kid Rock on rap-rock's legacy: 'It turned out to be pretty gay'
Scrapping costly banking regulation is a way to invest in America
Officials remind 'mochi' eaters to chew slowly after several choking deaths
Police chief criticized for holding sign challenging racism
David Duke attacks Nicki Minaj, claims Jews are behind hip hop's popularity
Florida reptile store owner put lizard in mouth, smacked employees with critter in attack: police
Cold weather can actually cause colds, study finds
13-year-old tries to escape police helicopter on a moped
New York Times Film Critic Wants Vin Diesel To Get Best Supporting Actor Oscar Nomination For Guardians Of The Galaxy
In the Event of Apocalypse, This Is the Last Video CNN Will Ever Play
Islamic Suicide Bomber Trainer Accidentally Blows Up His Entire Class [X-Post from Worldnews]
#BlackLivesMatter Protesters Hit Whites Where It Truly Hurts: Brunch
Son allegedly killed Manhattan hedge fund founder over $200 allowance cut, source says
Palin: At Least We Didn't Eat the Dog Like Obama Once Did in Africa
London Man Arrested for Singing 'Kung Fu Fighting'
Phoenix bus, dump truck wreck gives flasher captive audience
Police Arrest Malaysian Woman Who Married ISIS Fighter Over Skype
Jerry Jones favors expanding replay review of pass interference
Emu doges cars after escaping from farm in israel
Man hunts deer. Deer gets revenge.
Rep. Kevin Yoder: Scrapping costly banking regulation is a way to invest in America
Woman insists mailing cow poop to neighbors wasn't malicious
The American love of lawsuits is forcing cities to ban sledding, ruin winter
Senior orgy in Belgium: 7 deaths
Naked man breaks into house to use hot tub
Police: Mother, Underage Daughter - Both Drunk - Throwdown In Street
Marilyn Monroe Named the New Face of Max Factor
Deputies Shoot Man With Pepper Spray And Beanbags In Tractor Standoff
Man spends over $500 on surgery for constipated pet goldfish
Robots can now learn to cook just like you do: by watching YouTube videos
This Is The Video CNN Will Play When The World Ends
Reptile Shop Owner Hit Employees With Bearded Dragon Lizard
Iowa woman faces charges after mailing poop to her neighbors.
Pair spent two days 'locked' in unlocked closet
Scottish man pulled over for drink driving on space hopper
Florida reptile store owner put lizard in mouth, smacked employees with critter in attack
'The Empress of China' returns with much less cleavage, viewers want breasts back
Schoole Trip Results in Seven Teen Pregnancies
Alaska man who has tattoo on right eyeball gets 22 years for shooting cop
NYPD Cop Seriously Injured Joyriding On The Hood Of A Patrol Car
UK could require teachers to report 'terrorist' toddlers
Kanye West designed X-rated Mario-like video game when he was twelve
Police chase Scotsman on Space-Hopper
Play-Doh to replace toy customers say looks like penis
Two Americans Have Been Charged With the Attempted Takeover of Gambia
Weed 101: Colorado tries 'neighborly' pot education
Vinatieri is drug tested day after making 53-yard field goal
The Queen loses discrimination case against pro bono law group.
Oklahoma Lawmakers Propose Ban on Wearing Hoodies in Public
Bristol bus timetable hacked by terrorists (who thought they would cause travel chaos in 'the West')
Irmo doctor abandons newly adopted dog during vacation in Florida
Prince Andrew underage sex slave claims woman "should not be believed", says lawyer
Prince Andrew and Alan Dershowitz Are Mentioned in Suit Alleging Sex With Minor
Gun taken to jail leads to new charge
Fireworks factory explodes, creating an astonishing display.
Fox News Airs Stuart Scott R.I.P. Tribute With Picture of Stephen A. Smith
Baby gorilla raised by humans in ape suits arrives at new zoo
A Crazy Asian Woman Rips Apart A ATM That Stole Her Bank Card
Child with measles visits 'Please Touch Museum' in Philadelphia
God Hates Portland Trail Blazers, According to Westboro Baptist Church
HOA orders Doctor Who TARDIS to disappear
The Herd Reich: A farmer's battle with Nazi cows
Nazi cows? Farmer forced to cull aggressive, genetically-engineered 'Third Reich' herd
Mysterious plant resembling severed finger found on Darwin beach baffles NT police
Sarasota Sheriff: Man stabbed in confusion over harmonicas
Twitter turns itself into a store with new buy button
Man Sprinkled Fiancee's Ashes at LensCrafters, Causing Florida Mall's Evacuation: Sarasota Police | NBC 6 South Florida
Police report man driving eski. Eski gets impounded.
Big spender tries to leave $98,931.87 tip for $7 sandwich
Adelaide man riding motorised Esky [Cooler] reported for driving unlicensed, unregistered vehicle
Oswego County man dies four months after state pays him $7.5 million for wrongful conviction
Farmer battles Nazi cows
Florida man beats daughter for 40 minutes to the tune of 'Blurred Lines'
Adelaide man riding motorised Esky reported for driving unlicensed, unregistered vehicle
Indian sage, not Wright brothers, invented aeroplanes: Science Congress
Robot Learns To Cook Watching YouTube Videos
This is the most insane wireless router in the history of mankind
U.S. Government patents a plant. I shall next patent blueberries for dye purposes.
New York Subway System Cracks Down on 'Manspreading'
Wrongly convicted New York man dies from lung cancer 4 months after getting $7.5M from state
Arson at the Mrs. Doubtfire house
The new Congress is 80 percent white, 80 percent male and 92 percent Christian
Farmer who owns Britain's only Nazi cows to cull his herd, because they are too aggressive.
Farmer forced to destroy herd of 'Nazi super cows' after they try to kill staff
Glastonbury festival 2015: The Dalai Lama unveiled as special guest for final day
Devon farmer forced to get rid of Nazi cows
Kid Rock believes his music is 'bullshit' and 'pretty gay'
Nazi super cows: British farmer forced to destroy half his murderous herd of bio-engineered Heck cows after they try to kill staff
A Warning From 1941: Don't Wash Laundry With Gasoline - The Atlantic
Man Enjoys Inflated Reputation After Impaled on High Pressure Air Hose
Man claiming to be Santa arrested in Seaside CA for giving away weed.
This Ingenious Machine Turns Feces Into Drinking Water| Bill Gates
A London College Is Offering a Course on Taking the Perfect Selfie
SpaceX abortions launch to space station [typo now changed]
Adelaide man to face court over driving unlicensed, unregistered motorised ice-box
Snow swastika: Police investigate offensive symbol drawn in snow
Father Christmas Rapes Five-year Old Girl in Lagos
Being Bad Luck Brian: When the meme that made you famous starts to fade away
Rookie cop accidentally sprayed burning man with pepper spray
Obama Forces Family to Hang Out with Eddie Vedder
Bill Gates invests in machine that turns poop into water and electricity
Reese Witherspoon Pumps Her Own Gas
Senator Dianne Feinstein Proposes Legislation to Make Torture Extra Illegal
Dog abandoned at Ayr station with belongings in suitcase
Delauter to The News-Post: Don't use my name without permission
Germans Marching Against Stereotyped Minority Probably Nothing To Worry About
275-Pound Homeowner Sits on Would-Be Robber Until Cops Arrive
A Record Label Nearly Saved the Day and Snatched UKIP's Website
Deaf drummer gets hearing back, realize his music sucks, quits band
Woman Smuggles Gun Into Jail In Her Vagina
Dad Asks Sheriff to Watch as He Spanks His Daughter
Firefighters rescue naked women trapped in ex-boyfriend's chimney
David Duke Calls Nicki Minaj a 'Degenerate' for Her Role in Hip-Hop's Downfall.
Lebanese Porn Star Mia Khalifa's Rise Divides Her Home Country
Canadians Using "Harper" (our Prime Minister) as a swear word: "Go Harper yourself!"
Scores of Welsh pedestrians call police after being drenched by drivers
Farmer Forced To Put Down Genetically Engineered Nazi "Super-Cows"
Economies d'énergie: Liège isolant - Eléctricité
'Nazi' engineered cows 'would try and kill you'
In lieu of cash, Framingham judge accepts pair of Nikes for bail
Japan: 'Made in China' labels dropped to boost sales
Murderous Nazi super cows turned into sausages
Cyclist's Bike Stolen at Police Station while Reporting iPhone Theft
Murderous Nazi Super Cows try to kill farmer so farmer turns them into sausages.
Attempt Made to Set Mrs. Doubtfire House on Fire
Sony relaunches Walkman as high-end $1,100 personal music player
Thief steals 42,000 golf balls
Saved By the Bell's Screech Is Going to Trial for Stabbing a Dude
Billionaire banned from TED for talk on income equality
Struthers woman finds theatre showing of movie objectionable
Dustin Diamond, star of 'Saved by the Bell,' to stand trial in bar stabbing
Kuwaiti MP Calls for Allowing Dancing
Watch Bill Gates drink water that used to be human poop
Body of 94 year old woman found decomposed at home. Daughter lives upstairs.
Goldman Sachs says JPMorgan Chase should be broken up
Lions fan regrets '2015 Super Bowl Champs' tattoo
Dad Calls Sheriff's Office to Supervise Spanking
Leap second: French time lords add one second to 2015
Turkey takes shine to car; owner wants to give the bird to police
Video released of officer's accidental shooting in OTR elevator
Bill Gates Drinks Water Made from Poop and Calls It 'Delicious'
Porter Robinson: The Libertarian Dubstep Guy
Fox Host: Forcing Companies To Disclose CEO Salaries Is Basically 'Slut Shaming'
Woman Sues Company For Putting Her Face on Flask with Rehab Joke
'I still breastfeed my six-year-old daughter': One mother's story
Police: naked man broke into homes, used hot tub
Nazi-Bred Cows Are Too Ferocious to Farm
Dubuque, Iowa, City Council Bans Sledding In Most City Parks
Man In "No, Seriously, I Have Drugs" Shirt Charged With Drug Possession
Ninja sushi chef brings a knife to a gun fight - and takes robber down
Lottery tells man his $500,000 winning ticket was a 'misprint'
Fox News hosts: Disclosing how much more CEOs make than workers is 'slut-shaming companies'
Train pooper's tweets for TP answered by Virgin
Pet owner spends £300 to save constipated goldfish
Mrs. Doubtfire house in San Francisco set on fire (X-post r/bayarea)
Pasco (FL) man wearing shirt that says 'Seriously, I have drugs' arrested, accused of having drugs
Herd reich: farmer forced to cull 'aggressive' Nazi cows
Tight-fitting dress saved English woman's life
NYT is looking for a good basketball team to cover, possibly 'at your local Y'
Dad invites police officer to watch him spank his 12-year-old daughter
Liam Neeson helpfully informs American parents that Taken is fiction
Knighthoods for Viagra chemist and YouTube's 'Mad Prof'
Which Male Senators Like to Swim Naked?
Off-duty Kentucky cop accidentally shoots himself in the stomach after a dinner date with his wife.
Woman unwittingly joins search party searching for herself.
Pedestrian struck by Kauai police car dies
When you're allowed to shoot in Texas
'Hello, police? I've been splashed by a car': Scores of Welsh pedestrians call police after being drenched by drivers
Mystery: Sandy Hook Victim Dies (again) in Pakistan
Man uncooperative after being shot in E. Knoxville
City Councilman in Maryland threatens to sue newspaper for using his name without permission in an article. Newspaper finds the strength to stop laughing long enough to write an OP-ed calling him out.
Maryland Politician Says Local Paper Can't Use His Name Without Permission
Good news for gamers, video scholarships at Kentucky college.
This Husband Managed To Start A Fire While Cleaning His Wife's Dildos
Woman sets record .45 BAC, Passes out in State Troopers driveway.
Mexican town's entire police force detained over journalist disappearance
'Nazi cows': British farmer forced to cull herd of aggressive aurochs-like Heck cattle
Local Maryland Councilman Threatens Newspaper for Using Name
Never Drink Alone Again Because Now There's Wine for Cats!
New patent shows that Apple is experimenting with iDevices that are flexible #bendgate
British farmer forced to put down most of his herd of "Nazi cows" because they proved to be too aggressive and he feared they would kill someone.
Time Magazine Columnist: Bathrooms are Sexist Against Women
"Taken" Isn't a Documentary, Liam Neeson Tells South Texas Parents
Solihull Sixth Form College bans students from going to the toilet alone (x-post from r/UnitedKingdom)
People in Japan are dying from not taking enough time to chew their rice cakes
Solihull Sixth Form College bans students from going to the toilet alone
British Censors Mind the Thigh Gap
Police: Southgate man, 69, escaped kidnap plot by 17-year-old girlfriend
Florida Man in "No, Seriously, I Have Drugs" T-Shirt Arrested for Possession of Drugs
Hitler and Goering resurrected extinct species to make 'Nazi super cows'.
In holiday message, Alabama Democratic Party chair describes getting stuck on the toilet
Kirby Delauter, Kirby Delauter, Kirby Delauter
The Joe Biden random compliment generator
Male Senators Once Barred Female Colleagues from Senate Pool So They Could Swim Naked
Naked woman rescued from chimney of estranged boyfriend
Florida Dad Calls Cops So They Could Watch Him Spank His Daughter
VA director email: 'Where is my Christmas present?'
New Mexico man told $500,000 winning lottery ticket is a 'misprint'
How Neanderthals met a grisly fate: devoured by humans
Jaden Smith Says He is a Prophet and God Inspired his New Fashion Line 666
Seahawks Fans Seek Flip Cup Opponents for 6 AM Saturday
Deputies: Poway teen's 18th birthday party featured Playboy mansion theme, alcohol
Woman joins search party for herself
Pat Robertson jokes: become Muslim - then you can beat your wife
Oklahoma lawmakers want to ban wearing Hoodies in public
Ex-wife denies legitimate $975 million check from ex-husband because it's not enough.
Irelands Religious Right's group launches "Sounds of Sodomy" Campaign
Boston Cop Beats Uber Driver, Steals Car
Hasbro offers to replace phallic Play-Doh tool after criticism
Employees at a Sheetz convenience store observe a woman eat 2 king size Reese's cups without paying for them. After disposing of the evidence, the woman steps outside the store where she passed out. Police arrive and arrest her.
Kirby Delauter threatened a local reporter with a lawsuit for using his name in a story without permission. The reporter responded with an editorial titled, "Kirby Delauter, Kirby Delauter, Kerby Delauter."
The Everyday Sexism of Women Waiting in Public Toilet Lines
Frederick County, Md., Council Member Kirby Delauter threatened a local reporter with a lawsuit for using his name in a story without permission.
Justin Bieber Is a Calvin Klein Underwear Model
Why 2 Dudes Have Watched Grown Ups 2 47 Weeks In A Row
British Farmer Forced to Kill Nazi-Bred Evil Killer Cows
A Dog in A Sweater Doing Business
Good Samaritan brings a homeless woman back home for a hot meal and a shower. Homeowner goes downstairs and finds the homeless woman engaging in sexual activity with her dog. The homeless woman then threw a 5lb. dumbbell through a window because she was mad when asked to leave.
Cities considering to ban sledding citing possibility of injuries
Teaching Hip Hop Illegally Promotes Ethnic Solidarity, Arizona Official Says
Brown sauce sales are falling: has Britain finally come to its senses?
People Are Outraged Over The New TLC Show 'My Husband's Not Gay'
GLAAD Slams TLC's 'My Husband's Not Gay' as "Downright Irresponsible"
South Florida man tries to trade live alligator for beer
Homeless Woman Accused Of Engaging In Sexual Activity With Good Samaritan's Dog
Man survives after suicide attempts with spatula, knife and gunshot to face
South Carolina sheriff could escape charges in DUI crash because he wasn't arrested by coroner
The War On Toddler Terrorists: Britain Forces Nursery School Teachers To Identify "Extremist" Kids
HP Pavilion g6 Batteries for HP Pavilion g6 Laptop online shop
World's largest onion weighing 18lb smashes records: Now that's eye-watering!
Chicago closes schools because it's too cold outside
Prediksi Lille vs Evian Thonon 8 Januari 2015 | Citibet88.net
Skydivers survive New Zealand plane crash after parachuting to safety
Article: Oil Tycoon Harold Hamm Sent His Ex-Wife A Hand-Written Check For $975 Million - And She Rejected It
As Vote Nears, Astrologer for Sri Lanka's President Faces Ultimate Test of His Skills
Man allegedly impersonated rock stars (Alex Lifeson, David Gilmour) in attempt to skip out on medical bills
Bank 'unaware' of financial crisis
Parents dob their teenage sons in to police after seeing burglary video on news
TLC criticized for 'dangerous' TV special 'My Husband's Not Gay'
Brown snake swims between the flags at Forster
Judge accepts trainers as bail bond
Activist Charged with 'Offending Religious Feelings'
British farmer forced to cull herd of so called angry "Nazi cows"
SIS behead street magician for entertaining crowds in Syria with his tricks
Man impersonated cop as excuse to obtain contact details of prostitutes; jailed for ruse
ISIS behead street magician for entertaining crowds in Syria with his tricks
The apocalypse will be live: CNN's mythical end of the world video is real
Early Death Tied to Check-Cashing Outlet Density
Fry and comedian fiance's whirlwind courtship (and its star-studded cast): Partner has rubbed shoulders with several A-listers since starting relationship last year
Tin Tuc Phap Luat
Reptile Shop Owner Hit Workers With Bearded Dragon Lizard: Authorities
Reptile Shop owner hits employees with a bearded dragon
Pedestrian struck down by car, first officer on scene strikes pedestrian again, killing him.
Florida man wearing 'I have drugs' T-shirt arrested on drug charge
Metro Manila Traffic Enforcers Given Adult Diapers for "Enduring Hours" of Catholic Holiday
Man judged unfit to stand murder trial after claiming Slayer were involved
'Nazi' cattle: Farmer forced to cull part of herd
We are unknowingly being converted to Islam, says Cowan MP Luke Simpkins
Dad calls cops to watch him spank 12 year old daughter
Randy Johnson says fans are more impressed by the time he killed that bird than his 5 Cy Youngs
Texas man allegedly stole $2,000 worth of brisket from 19 H-E-B stores as prices hit record levels
$500,000 scratch-off 'winner' told ticket was 'misprint'
Chimayó resident files suit over flask bearing her image
Wounded deer turns tables on La. hunter
Ten dead in shooting at French satirical weekly
Man wearing 'I have drugs' t-shirt arrested, accused of having drugs
Gunmen in Paris Stage Deadly Attack on Offices of Satirical Newspaper
Woman arrested for theft after she is found with 700,000 pesos in her vagina [Spanish]
13 skydivers leap to safety as plane crashes in New Zealand
The United States Has Now Banned Comfy Balls.
Owner of missing USB stick found
Tough Mudder to Use 'Tear Gas' in Newly Designed Obstacle Courses
Florida man wears shirt that says "Seriously, I have drugs", arrested on drug charges
Black Lakewood man: A KKK member saved me
Bill Gates Will Drink Water Made From Poo To Prove New Sanitation Tech Works
#BlackBrunchNYC protests disrupt 'white' N.Y. breakfast spots
These 5 Women Are The Last Living People Born In 1800s
Heil Heifer! This Farmer Is Raising Killer Cows First Bred By Hitler
Florida DMV Tells Woman She Lives On "Eat Ass" Street
Air regulators ban "visible chimney smoke" from woodstoves
Conservative: I'd End Democracy To Stop Gay Rights
The average college freshman reads at 7th grade level
Facebook Post Lands Ohio Ex-Inmate Back Behind Bars
Pope Francis Raffles Off New Car, Old Hat and More
Angry Student Hacks County's Website to Apologize for Snow Day 'Fuckery'
Human Tooth Found In McDonald's Japan Fries
Farmer forced to cull 'Nazi' cattle
Pasco man wearing 'I have drugs' T-shirt arrested on drug charge
Alleged Masturbating Burglar Officially Charged, Dog Still Missing
Bill Gates wants to turn poop into drinking water
Oil Mogul Offers Ex-Wife $975M Divorce Check; She Says No
Muslims Blast Charlie Hebdo Attackers
Florida man wearing 'I have drugs' shirt arrested on meth charge
Ivy league student: joking about pronunciation of 'Cool Whip' can lead to 'binge drinking'
Man wearing "I have drugs" T-shirt arrested for having drugs
Man wearing 'I have drugs' T-shirt is arrested for having drugs
People race their outhouses in the US.
Adult diapers to be issued for MMDA aides at Nazarene feast, papal visit
Porn company targets GitHub projects in a copyright takedown notice to Google
World's first drone-filmed porno actually quite picturesque
Man arrested for meth possession while wearing shirt that says "I have drugs"
Harold Hamm offers $975 mln divorce check; ex-wife rejects it
Cops handcuff and interrogate boy, 7, for hours over missing $5: family
Deputy supervises Okeechobee father spanking daughter
John Balmer Arrested While Wearing 'I Have Drugs' T-Shirt: Cops
Murderer Blames the band SLAYER For Forcing Him To Kill His Father.
Why hasn't Japan banned child-porn comics?
Woman injects COOKING OIL into her own face after being refused more plastic surgery.
Approximately 1 Million Will Lose Foodstamps in 2016... Affected Individuals Are Very Poor
Philippine traffic officers to wear adult diapers during papal visit
Family of Sasquatches Caught on Camera by Arizona Department of Transportation
Tottenham ban 'selfie sticks' from White Hart Lane following fans' complaints
Surgery Addict Injects Cooking Oil in Face
Bill Gates Drinks a Glass of Water Processed From Human Feces by the Janicki Omniprocessor
Charlie Hebdo: Gun attack on French magazine kills 12
About 2,000 Manila traffic enforcers will wear diapers during Pope visit
Man with 10 inch penis gets penis enlargement
Ex-Wife Rejects Billionaire Oilman Harold Hamm's $975M Personal Check
The next game from the Surgeon Simulator team lets you role-play as bread
Hulk Hogan is training Riff-Raff to be a WWE wrestler
Ex-Wife Rejects Billionaire Oilman's $975M Personal Check
Couple spends two days locked inside an unlocked closet
Time to crack down on 'Islamophobia', Turkey's Erdogan tells EU
'Nazi cows are trying to kill everyone,' says Devon farmer
New Jersey Priest Accused of Stabbing Fellow Cleric With Crucifix Gets Pretrial Intervention
People pay to be locked in cages, stalked by lions
Korean American woman to be deported for alleged pro-NK remarks
Phyllis Schlafly: College women get raped because there are too many women in college
Japanese lingerie company invents bra that only opens when you are horny
Star Trek/Star Wars Director JJ Abrams Apologizes to Fans for Lens Flare Addiction
Nike, Inc. Introduces the 2015 Black History Month Collection
Ex-Wife Rejects $975M Personal Check From Billionaire Oilman Harold Hamm
Man wearing 'I have drugs' shirt arrested. You'll never guess why (you can probably guess why).
Martial artist demolishes houses with bare hands
Former Arizona public schools chief leaves office with demand to pull rock song from class
Man gives dead shark emergency C-section
Women wanted for stealing McDonald's toilet paper
Women celebrates 10 years of marriage to her two cats. Has no plans to find human husband.
Police officer pulled gun on dog, slipped, misfired and accidentally killed woman.
Monster sues Beats and co-founders Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine for fraud
This Vibrator syncs to your smart watch
Man Sets House on Fire While Trying to Boil His Dildos Clean
[Not Clickhole] She Put A Loaf Of Bread Under Some Running Water, What Happened Next Is Awesome
Phyllis Schlafly: Campus sex assault is on the rise because too many women go to college
Brooklyn cop suspended after driving around with fellow cop on hood, then injuring him
Bill Gates' latest passion: A machine that turns poop into water
In ageing Japanese village, dolls take place of dwindling population
Federal Cybersecurity Chief Sentenced to 25 Years in Prison for Child Pornography
Guess What The Guy in The "Seriously, I Have Drugs" Shirt Was Busted For
Man arrested for drugs while wearing an "I HAVE DRUGS" t-shirt
Traffic enforcers told to wear diapers during Pope Francis's Manila visit
Woman Who Married Her Cats Says She's Never Been Happier
Louisville leaders, from Mayor to King, a sight to behold.....
Local Scientist Cliff Mass Explains Why All of Seattle Smelled Like Poop Last Night Surprise twist: THE STINK IS YOU.
7 Hand Gestures That Make You Look Like a Real Intellectual
The Governor Of Connecticut Had A Parade For Himself And Almost No One Came
WH Unsure Whether Murderous Rampage in France Is 'Terrorism'
61-year-old graffiti vandal led police on a 300m chase on a toy scooter after spray-painting the Kingscliff police station
Someone has been stealing pics of a sick child from social media, and posting them as their own on Instagram
Cops: Shop owner beat employees with live lizard
Man wearing 'I Have Drugs' shirt arrested at Kmart
McDonald's runs out of French fries in Venezuela
Is this the WORST fake £20 note ever? Bar accepts photocopied note stapled together
Surfing instructor joins the fight against ISIS
After Paris Attack, Fox Anchor Suggests Skin Color Can Help Identify "Typical Bad Guys"
'Je Suis Charlie': Online Solidarity Against Terrorism
Woman charged with retail theft for allegedly swiping $73 worth of chocolate
Movement To Stop 'Manspreading' On Public Transit Reaches San Francisco
Man wearing 'I Have Drugs' T-shirt arrested for meth, pot possession
What's behind anti-Islam protests in Europe?
Texas laws on hair braiding ruled unconstitutional
Serial Lincoln sausage thief now receiving support
Harold Hamm offers $975 million divorce check; ex-wife rejects it
Woman plunges backed-up toilet at her office, pulls out 5-foot boa constrictor
Why Are So Few Black People Using Bitcoin?
Vancouver Island runner Allison Tai airlifted after relying on Google Maps
Woman had to be airlifted to safety after relying on google maps for directions.
Manila traffic enforcers to wear diapers during pope's visit
Only in Africa Science: Rise of the Negronauts
If only they had guns...
Oklahoma City Weighs 3-Foot Passing Rule - For Cyclists, Not Drivers
Former Korean Air Executive Faces Prison Over 'Nut Rage'
Anti-Piracy Firm 'Caught' Pirating News Articles
Woman, 64, accused of erecting traps on North Shore bike trails
naked man crashes through ceiling, attacks 84 year old man
Kaumakani, Hawaii: Pedestrian Struck By Vehicle Then Struck And Killed By Responding Police Vehicle
Get those silly women outta college and into the kitchen! /s
Dubai: Landlords 'blame goblins' for property fires
Meet the psychic who predicts the future with asparagus
Man identifies himself as 'first name Civil Rights, last name Constitution'
The aggressive Nazi-bred cows that caused havoc on a modern farm
Coolio gets Juggalo tattoo, misspells Juggalo.
ISIS Beheaded A Street Magician
Ford recalls SUVs because drivers are accidentally turning them off
California health officials link measles outbreak to Disneyland
Father-of-five left 'a social outcast and unable to get a job' after getting DIY facial tattoo using PRINTER INK while drunk
Bushwick coffee house owner who called Jews 'greedy infiltrators' closes shop
Minivan dragged 16 miles after rear-ending semi trailer amid heavy snow, police say
What Taco Bell And McDonald's Meals Look Like After 2 Years Of Just Sitting There
Man wearing "I'm with Stupid" shirt, arrested during Australian State Election Campaign
What People Asked the New York Public Library Before Google
Man wearing 'I'm with stupid' T-shirt among LNP campaigners arrested by 10 police in Brisbane
Woman plunging San Diego toilet pulls up 5 1/2-foot snake
New Senate majority leader's main goal for GOP: Don't be scary
Gaby Hoffman made placenta smoothies....and drank them....for 3 weeks
A Cow Head Will Not Erupt From Your Body If You Get A Smallpox Vaccine
The BelfieStick, A Device for Taking Butt Selfies
Person ran over by a car, then again by the police responding.
Bill Gates shows us the future drinking a glass of water made from poop
Let's Call All Terrorists "Terrorists" - Reflection on the Attack in France
I can't bear that these two are apart
Fox News Anchor suggests skin color can help identify "bad guys" - video...
$400 for lost teddy bear! (front page)
Aggressive, Nazi-bred cows cause havoc on modern British farm
Nursery staff might be forced to report toddlers at risk of becoming terrorists
Industry Minister Moore makes stuff up to threaten British Columbians
The Noisey Guide to the New $1,200 Sony Walkman
MMDA enforcers asked to wear adult diapers on Nazarene feast
Man wearing 'I have drugs' T-shirt accused of having drugs
Florida Man in "I Have Drugs" Shirt Arrested for Drugs: Cops
Anheuser-Busch Will Refund Americans Who Thought Kirin Beer Was Brewed in Japan
Comedian says man who attacked him with bat thinks he's Jesus
Moscow Man Accused of Beheading Wife and Son After Drinking Binge - Report
AT&T: Sorry we forgot to overcharge you sooner
Princess Anne's pig killed in 'wild boar attack'
Queensland Man Arrested By 10 Cops For Wearing 'I'm With Stupid' T-Shirt Next To Government MP's Election Supporters
Thieves give themselves a hair cut after breaking into charity shop
Karnataka Politician Honours Two Donkeys For Loyalty
German nurse killed patients 'out of boredom'
Mini-van crashes into semi, dragged for 16 miles
Congress Introduces A National Abortion Ban On Its Very First Day Back
Say hello to the BELFIE stick - a device that lets you take selfies of your BUM
Australian man arrested for waving in front of political campaigners while wearing I'm With Stupid t-shirt
After Charlie Hebdo attack, U.S. Catholic group says cartoonists 'provoked' slaughter
Punk band find $250,000 stolen painting in New Orleans
Manila would like just about everyone to wear diapers for the pope's visit next week
The U.S. has more jails than colleges. Here's a map of where those prisoners live.
Minivan gets stuck under semi truck and gets dragged for 16 miles on the freeway.
Behold the BelfieStick, an Even Bigger Bummer Than the Selfie Stick
'Magician' pulls rabbit out of Dr. Seuss hat in Syracuse courtroom
Family Dollar Profit Drops as Pricing Changes Crimp Margins
Family Dollar Profit Drops After Pricing Strategy Crimps Margins
The Search for Starivores, Intelligent Life that Could Eat the Sun
Doctors Offering 'Gay Gene' To Same Sex Couples Wanting Gay Children
Brooklyn District Attorney Investigates Gowanus Rabbit Colony
Pampered police: Manila officers to wear diapers for pope visit
Woman Plunging Toilet in Downtown Office Building Pulls Out 5 1/2-foot Snake
LOVE, you dare not call its name.
Brisbane man wearing "I'm with stupid" t-shirt stands with LNP election campaigners, then gets arrested by 10 officers for public nuisance.
Cops: Floridian, 50, Wearing "I Have Drugs" T-Shirt Did, In Fact, Have Drugs
Whose poo? Raleigh complex using DNA to ID offending pooches
Cumming creates vibrant downtown with jail, municipal buildings
Anjem Choudary on Paris shooting: 'Muslims do not believe in freedom of expression'
Police pulled out after the alarm about chopped off finger - turned out to be chicken (Swedish News)
Mayor blocked from holding groundhog
Crooked policeman caught after driving Ferrari supercar to work
Black cat volunteers as middle school crossing guard
Muslim Plays Jesus in New Film
Xoom says $30.8 mln transferred fraudulently to overseas accounts
Wtf ? How funny ...a Politician Announced 51 Crores Reward For France Terrorists
Man tells cops 'everyone drives drunk' on New Year's Eve
BC town changes name from Revelstoke to Revelstuck due to the amount of snow it has received
Guy Travels 5,000 Miles to Meet Total Stranger That Facebook Suggested He Would Like
Malaysia: Homeless people given household appliances
There Is Now a Device Made Specifically for Butt Selfies
Revelstoke renamed "Revelstuck" thanks to snow fall
What does Kim Jong Un want for his birthday? A pile of dung, apparently
God Is Now The Owner Of A Town In Alabama
Man Knocked Out By Crowd After Slashing Person In Mosh Pit At CATTLE DECAPITATION Concert
Calif. woman gets stuck naked in chimney
Oh, that's good. First comment is "hope they catch the culprit." Isn't the cop the culprit here? Why is it okay for him to shoot here? FYI the Strawberry section of Philadelphia is very black.
Quirky letters from Guntanamo prisoner describe desire to do 'Gangnam Style'
'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Fails To Win PG Rating, Is Rated R For An Unusual Reason
Pastor Says Gays Spreading Ebola at Starbucks
Belgian student travels 5,000 miles to Austin to meet Facebook friend suggestion
Harlem Video Game Lets You Fight As Thurgood Marshall and Duke Ellington
The Secrets of the Toxic Disco Clam
Bovine Kampf: Aggressive Nazi cattle sent to slaughterhouse.
Payday Lender Stopped Answering Letters And Calls When Asked To Pay Its Debts, Lawsuit Alleges
Two women face terrorism charges for driving in Saudi Arabia
This Guy Is Literally Trying to Become a Maxi Pad
Crooked policeman drove Ferrari to work in Birmingham
5-year-old Florida girl was killed after her father tossed her from a bridge from his car
Corrupt West Midlands police officer drove Ferrari to work
Super-Tiny House Rises On Traffic Triangle in Williamsburg
Want a raise? Wash your vagina
'Vaginal Knitting' Is Here To Make Everyone Afraid Of Performance Art Once Again
DE BLASIO BARRED FROM HANDLING GROUNDHOG AFTER KILLING LAST YEAR'S ANIMAL
We don't want to panic you but McDonald's has run out of fries (in Venezuela)
State officials force 17 year old into chemotherapy
Michael Bennett: Panthers are like an attractive cousin
Man nearly goes blind from eyeball tattoo
Russia imposes sex rules for drivers
Former meth house is homeowner's "worst nightmare"
Stand-Up Comic Finds Out Mocking Christians Isn't That Funny. So He Whips Out Baseball Bat and Beats the Comedy Club Host.
Indian official sacked for pulling 24-year sick leave
Squirting Is Just Peeing, Say Scientists
Alabama gun range stirs controversy with Facebook photo of baby holding handgun Read more: http://www.wjla.com/articles/2015/01/alabama-gun-range-stirs-controversy-with-facebook-photo-of-baby-holding-handgun-110406.html#ixzz3OGSYnuR6 Follow us: @ABC7News on Twitter | WJLATV on Facebook
Alabama gun range stirs controversy with Facebook photo of baby holding handgun
Studies show men who take selfies more likely to be psychopaths
Pentagon employee tried to access porn sites at work more than 12k times last year
Biscuit thieves arrested while scoffing shortbread in bowling club.
Clydebank man charged over drive-by potato attacks
Breaking The Ice On A Frozen Trampoline Is Satisfying
Divorce judge slams 'bed-pooping, cokehead' banker, alcoholic wife
Oil tycoon's ex-wife rejects $975 million divorce check
Duke Of York Strenuously Denies He Had Ten Thousand Men
Guru who ordered 400 followers to be castrated 'so they could be closer to God' is investigated for grievous bodily harm in India Read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2902208/Guru-ordered-400-followers-castrated-closer-God-investigated-grievous-bodily-harm-India.html
India Police Investigate 'Guru In Bling' Over Alleged Castration Of 400 Followers
Dera Chief Allegedly Tied to 400 Castrations
Dartmouth Accuses 64 Students of Cheating in Sports Ethics Class
GameStop: Industry Needs Market For Used Downloads If It Wants To Keep Charging $60
Saudi Arabia: Activist Raif Badawi's 1,000 lashes public flogging to commence after Friday prayers in 'Chop Chop Square'
Is this the world's worst fake banknote?
10-minute flight could be shortest international route in the world
Pennsylvania jail guard made inmates play 'patty cake': prosecutor
One coach's nightmare-sending his wank video to female players
Real people are referring to sandwiches as "homemade Subway" now
Alabama Town Now Owned By God. God To Flip It To Ganesh, Make Bank.
Child Molester Gets Molested By Child
Donald Trump: If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance.
Donald Trump Blames Charlie Hebdo Attack On Lack Of Guns
BlackBerry Wants to Help Cure Cancer
A 7 year old boy drove his Drunk Dad Home (Pics)
Russia Bans Transgender People And Other 'Deviants' From Driving
The Queens' Tea in Salt Lake City sued by another queen over name
The White House Is Investigating How Pro Era Got Malia Obama's Selfie
"The Devil responsible for the attack in France" - Jean Tremblay
Snoop Dogg 'faces lawsuit' after mocking gay carer Cortez Booze on Instagram
Google sees biggest search traffic drop since 2009 as Yahoo gains ground
Officer takes drunk woman from jail, drives her to his house 'to pursue a personal relationship'
Brazil Is Grieving Over a Beauty Queen's Rotting Ass
'Nut rage': Korean Air former executive Cho Hyun-ah charged
New York bans selfies with large cats. Too much cute for the internet to handle.
64 Dartmouth Students Charged With Cheating In Ethics Class
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar to Publish a Novel About Sherlock Holmes's Brother Mycroft
Tommy Wiseau ends a lengthy chat about his new sitcom by calling our interviewer a prick
Former Dolphins FB swims 9 hours to shore after falling off boat
Monkeys Learn to Recognize Themselves in a Mirror - And Promptly Check Out Their Butts
This Man Will Tattoo You Riding a Unicorn on His Arm to Save His Restaurant
Prediksi Swansea City vs West Ham United 10 Januari 2015
Nike aims to launch Back to the Future shoes in 2015
4th graders allegedly plot teacher's death
Mathematician's anger over his unread 500-page proof
Community college: Obama announces plan for 2 free years of school for those 'willing to work for it'
White House Investigating How Rappers Got Malia's Selfie
Town holds candlelight vigil for fallen deer
San Francisco Bay Area man gets ring back 35 years later
Đăng ký 3g mạng Vinaphone
Man who skipped work for 24 years is finally fired
Crooked Cop Outed As Gang Member After Driving A Ferrari To Work.
16 Ridiculous But True Facts That Will Make People Think You're A Liar - Omgfacts - The World's #1 Fact Source
Activist critical of police shooting of unarmed suspects offered use of force training by local police; proceeds to get shot and shoots unarmed suspect.
The White House Is Investigating How Pro Era Got Malia Obama's Selfie [Ex-Post from r/hiphopheads]
India MP Sakshi Maharaj: Hindus must have more babies "in order to protect the Hindu religion"
Montgomery County Police Apologize for Elf on the Shelf Photos
Parents ordered to pay $48,000 for son's school prank
Tom Brady on dealing with cold weather: 'I'm a fucking machine'
Wallets are for coins, not loins... Teenager's severed genitals found in his uncle's wallet
Cardale Jones plays kid in hospital in NCAA Football, runs up score
Universal Music Files Copyright Lawsuit Over Mixtapes Sent to Prisoners
Chunk of Ice Falls From Sky Mysteriously Crashing Through Chicago Man's Ceiling Megacryometeor lands in Ravenswood Manor barely missing cat tree in man's living room.
Man wearing "Who needs drugs? No seriously, I have drugs" shirt arrested for possession of drugs.
Dad Arrested for Throwing Playboy-Themed Party for Daughter's 18th Birthday
Demoted Catholic cardinal: 'Radical feminists' are to blame for pedophile priests
4 men charged with felony for poaching 970 Venus flytraps (x-post from /r/NorthCarolina)
Driver involved in hit and run with police chief leaves key to ID
380-pound woman hopes her Internet fame makes people curious about her life
4 men charged with felony for poaching 970 Venus flytraps
Police: Suspects stole chairs valued at $700 from Taco Bell
Two guys watched Grown Ups 2 every week for the last year; became certifiably insane
Bill Cosby Jokes About Sex Scandal During Canadian Stand-Up Show
Ex-dolphin swims 9 miles after fall
Former Dolphin Rob Konrad swims 9 miles to shore after falling from boat
Indian worker sacked after going on leave for 24 years
Harvard Alumni Establish $200,000 Endowment For Men's Ultimate Program
Woman Sodomized on the Side of the Road By Cops Because her Boyfriend Smelled Like Weed
Indian Government fires employee who skipped work for 24 years
Man wearing 'Seriously, I have drugs' t-shirt arrested, charged with possession of meth
Argentina faces tampon shortage as defiance of debts causes import trouble
Shop in Bangi selling IS merchandise
Mysterious Legendary Metal From Atlantis Found In Shipwreck Off Sicily
Ex-Dolphin swims nine miles after fall
Bill Cosby jokes about woman being drugged during his act
Leave the damn fossil fuels in the ground, says big nerdy study
How NOT to Escape a Sinking Car
Bill Cosby reportedly jokes about woman being drugged during his act
Televangelist Joel Osteen Deletes Hilariously Unintentional Masturbation Tweet
Refund denied despite child porn on woman's new cellphone
Guy slaps a cobra
Nappies order for pope's visit
New York Times Blunder Creates New Country of Kyrzbekistan
Nurse 'Killed 30 To Show Off CPR Skills'
Thiết kế nội thất căn hộ chung cư Thăng Long Number One diện tích 108m2
Doing Drive-By Potato Attacks Happening In Scotland
Drive-By Potato Attacks Happening In Scotland
Government fires employee who skipped work for 24 years
Woman Gives Birth One Hour after learning of Pregnancy
World's Richest Animals - UrbanFlair
Japan announces new laws to force workers to go on holiday
Inmate gets drunk on hand sanitizer, leads deputies on car chase
T-Shirts Showing Lady Liberty With Kim Kardashian's Butt Hit Midtown
Ex-Miami Dolphins Player Falls Overboard, Swims 9 Miles to Shore
Koalas caught in Australian bushfires given mittens to recover
Manila traffic enforcers to wear diapers during pope's visit - Yahoo News Philippines
Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk has amazed the world with his knowledge of history: in his interview with the German TV channel ARD, the politician said that "all of us still clearly remember the Soviet invasion into Ukraine and Germany," referring to the Second World War.
Police: Men stole IDs to buy cars, breast implants
Lebanon's drug lords say they're ready to join the fight against ISIS
Cosby jokingly warns woman about drinking around him during show
Woman allows thousands of bedbugs to bite her for five years
Woman Gives Birth 1 Hour After Learning She Was Pregnant
If this kid would have been black there would be riots everywhere. White cop shoots and kills white kid.
Khalif Rainey to propose naming Red Arrow Park after Dontre Hamilton
Koala mittens needed to help bushfire victims with burnt paws
Psychotic Nazi cows are slaughtered for sausages by a British farmer
Mother and boyfriend who 'had sex, ate pizza and laughed as they tortured toddler.
Cops: 4th graders plotted to kill teacher with hand sanitizer
Teacher providing a little extra something for students
NFL agent found Seahawks' Super Bowl ring in rental car
Republicans Have a Veto-Proof Math Problem
Fox Host: How Do We Spot 'Bad Guys' If We Don't Know 'Tone Of Their Skin'?
Fox News reporter worries that 'typical bad guy' terrorists will escape if skin colour is covered
Freezeway would allow Edmontonians to skate to work - Edmonton
Fox Host Wonders How To Spot "Bad Guys" Without Knowing The "Tone Of Their Skin?"
Lithuania Publishes Survival Manual in Case of Russian Invasion
Sarah Palin Accuses Mayor Bill de Blasio of Killing Chuck the Groundhog
Half-blind fish fitted with prosthetic eye to prevent bullying
William Shatner to cross U.S. on Rivet, a custom steampunk motorcycle
Counties Needlessly Lose Minds Over Missing Dog
Woman gives birth to 10-pound baby just an hour after discovering she's pregnant
Cops find loaded gun in Tennessee woman's vagina: report - NY Daily News
Burglaries Spike in Williamsburg as Residents Leave Doors Unlocked: NYPD - Williamsburg
Dog found safe in Wood County after Lucas County tag information lost
24-Year Paid Leave Costs Man His Job, and Rightfully So - The man, identified as A.K. Verma, last showed up for work in December 1990, was only fired a few days ago
New laws OK wine shipments and bans big cat selfies
Virgin Trains' Twitter saves day after boy runs out of toilet paper on train | Daily Mail Online
Tee-Crime: Florida man wearing 'I Have Drugs' t-shirt arrested for just that
Woman Gives Birth An Hour After Learning She's Pregnant
US cold snap sends penguins inside
Woman Gives Birth One Hour After Learning She Was Pregnant
Clocks Are Too Precise (and People Don't Know What to Do About It)
All-Girls High School Photoshops Students' Yearbook Photos To Make Them Look Thinner
Town where boy of 11 is 'behind a fifth of all crime'
Burger King now offers smartphones in the US
Russia bans transgender drivers
Republicans Expose Obama's College Plan as Plot to Make People Smarter - The New Yorker
Icelandic seasonal beer from whales' testicles
Graffiti Grannys Appeal for Help to Make Mittens for Fire Ravaged Koalas
BBC refuse to air interview with black history campaigner because he was wearing a GOLLIWOG doll around his neck.
Man smokes a french fry from McDonald's.
Mayville man accused of threatening to kill son in dispute with wife over Yahtzee
Colleyville Police Shoot Man Repeatedly Stabbing Himself
Kevin O'Leary: 85 richest people equal to the 3.5 billion poorest people is fantastic news!
Huge Coventry factory fire sparked by 20ft tall mechanical dinosaur
Half-blind fish gets fake eye to keep bullies at bay
Florida man wearing 'No, seriously, I have drugs' T-shirt arrested for drug possession
Florida pastor on al-Qaida hit list opens french fry stand at Bradenton mall
Hezbollah Chief: Extremists Harm Islam More Than Cartoons
Hezbollah chief says terrorists damage Islam more than cartoons
Father Kills Five Children For Magic Powers
Florida Couple Spent Days in Unlocked Closet, Thought They Were Trapped.
Jilted husband beat double amputee war hero he caught in bed with his wife
Woman allows thousands of bedbugs to bite her for 5 years
Russian Orthodox Activists Say Charlie Hebdo Shooting Was 'Just Punishment'
Chainsaws thrown at police chasing robbery suspects
Filipino Cops to Suit Up in Diapers for Pope's Visit
Nike Sells Black Sneakers to Celebrate Black History Month
BBC apologizes for Rita Ora's cleavage, after receiving 400 complaints
Snake that slithered from toilet in San Diego may have been seeking water
Circumcision could double likelihood of Autism
Man accidentally dials RCMP officer, offering to sell weed
Refund denied despite child porn on Kitchener woman's new cellphone
Suspensions expected for 64 Dartmouth College students accused of cheating in ethics course - Metro
Bouncing car hops off road, hits tree.
PYOD Lets Your Print Your Own Dildo
Potential Aaron Hernandez Juror Yells 'Go Pats' In Court, Is Sent Home
A teenager travelling between Euston and Glasgow suffered every train passenger's worst nightmare - running out of loo paper at the critical moment, only to be saved by Virgin Trains' enterprising social media team via Twitter.
'Can I Buy Your Son?' Man Asks Woman With 2-Year-Old, Offering $100
Bill Cosby Jokes About Sexual Assault Allegations During Stand-Up Performance
Bill Cosby Jokes About Allegations During Comedy Show
Woman Goes Into Hospital for Back Pain, Gives Birth One Hour Later
Canadian museum pays $300,000 for world's oldest hockey stick
Guy spends $4k on Rosalin & Luma Amiibo to make them scarce. He claims to hate her and will do it again with future releases
Man fired after not coming to work for 24 years
Dartmouth Charges Students With Cheating in Ethics Course
Wealthiest Americans say the poor have it easy
Germany 'must invest more', says France's economy minister
Republicans Introduce Five Anti-Abortion Bills In First Days Of New Congress
Dartmouth Charges 64 Students With Cheating in Ethics Class
Mars warmer than parts of Canada, U.S.
Husband gets his penis cut off twice
Lay Off the Artisanal Ice, You Ignorant Hipsters
S.I. High School Student Attacked Over Alleged Fart
Deputies: Man brings shovel to gunfight, and wins
Men (on the Internet) don't believe sexism is a problem in science, even when they see evidence
Ohio State study says more students wear their college logo after a football win
Kevin Gates Declares He's Having Sex With His Cousin, Won't Stop.
Mom killed by own gun at Idaho Wal-Mart described as responsible
Geologists Are Going to Measure Seattle Seahawk Fans' Feetquake
'Moron' Donald Trump sparks anger with Charlie Hebdo Twitter rant on gun laws
Wife Shoots Husband Trying To Surprise Her With Breakfast
New York Times reports that the French terrorism suspects were killed how? (Sorry if too soon.)
Police officer beats girlfriend because her abortion took too long.
La Jolla seeks sea lion solution
Suspensions expected for 64 Dartmouth College students accused of cheating in ethics course
North Dakota hosted 24 million people in 2013
123 car accident in Michigan in I-94 with 1 fatality
Bill Cosby says to women in a crowd, "You have to be careful drinking around me".
Western NY 4th graders planned to kill teacher with hand sanitizer because she was 'mean'
Pasco Man Wearing Shirt Saying 'Seriously, I Have Drugs', Arrested For Possession
Discovery Channel Promises To Stop Lying To Us
Prosecutors: Vanderbilt rape suspect not too drunk to spell quesadilla
Nude Man Beats Wife on Street After She Cut Off His Penis
Canadian driver who killed two people stopping for ducks gets license back
Russia bans people with "disorders of sexual preference" from driving.
Bruges to get underground beer pipeline
Evidence of sexism in science isn't enough to convince men on the internet that there's a problem, study says
Justin Bieber's D*ck Doubled In Size Thanks To Calvin Klein Photoshopping
Someone's Been Doing Drive-By Potato Attacks In Scotland And It's Caused A Few Issues
Two Men Attempted to Buy Toddler From Mother For $100: Police
Student: foreigners listening to Taylor Swift a sign of 'American privilege'
Man who modified Maserati to resemble 'Transformers' Decepticon cleared of impersonating police charges
Couple arrested after admitting they made porn with dog named Lucky
Ex-Dolphin swims nine miles to shore.
Fake Stuff Out At Discovery Channel, Promises New Chief Rich Ross
Two Hospitalized After Slashing Incident at Cattle Decapitation Show.
Teen tweets need for toilet paper on train, gets it
Truck carrying fireworks explodes at massive I-94 pile-up
Obese beagle "kale chips" is up for adoption but has to be hauled around in a wagon
Dublin priest receives standing ovation after saying he is gay during Mass
Prosecutors: Man fondled girl, 4, on bus home after registering as sex offender
Taste Testing 3-D Printed Food
Turkish leftist group retracts claim of responsibility for bomb attack
Transportation writer's car for Oregon's Newspaper got hit by a city bus while parked
Study Concludes That Women Who Squirt During Sex Are Actually Peeing
Dartmouth College accuses dozens of students of cheating in sports, ETHICS and religion class
China bans bosoms in popular TV show
Family in minivan stuck under 18-wheeler calls 911 as vehicle gets dragged 16 miles
Man crushed to death in drive-through of McDonald's restaurant at Kings Park
Republicans Expose Obama's College Plan as Plot to Make People Smarter
Man arrested for throwing peach pie at woman who wouldn't support his nicotine habit
Bill Cosby jokes woman should be 'careful about drinking around me
Bill Cosby jokes that you ought not drink around him
State of Connecticut is forcing a teenage girl to undergo chemotherapy
Republicans expose Obama's college plan as a plot to make Americans smarter
After 18,000 hours of research, 4 more hours completely changes the mind of anti-vaccine doctor
OSU QB Cardale Jones Visits Kids in Hospital, Dominates Them in Video Games
Miami Dolphin swims 9 miles to shore after fishing miscue
Supernatural creatures accused of starting Dubai house fires
Man sentenced for shouting at David Cameron
Wealthiest Americans say the poor have it easy cross post from r/news
State forces teen to undergo chemotherapy
Government offices likely to use floor cleaning liquid made of cow urine
Russia Bans Trans People And Those With 'Disorders Of Sexual Preference' From Driving
Danish research links circumcision to autism
Meet India's first cow minister
One extra second in 2015 could break the internet
Soldier shot while trying to surprise wife with breakfast
Boehner: I'm most 'anti-establishment' Speaker in history
New Discovery Channel President Declares "No More Bullsh*t" Policy
Copycat Dexter Killer still allowed to watch Dexter in maximum-security prison
One-eyed Vancouver fish gets fake eye so other fish won't bully him
Indian civil servant sacked 'after 24-year sick leave'
UPDATE: Former teacher arrested again for sex with minor while out on bail for felony sex charges
WOMAN ACCIDENTALLY SHOOTS HUSBAND WHO TRIED TO SURPRISE HER WITH BREAKFAST
Man Fired After Skipping Work for 24 Years
Channel chief promises no more made-up bullshit
New Discovery Channel chief promises no more made-up bullshit · Newswire · The A.V. Club
New Discovery Channel chief promises no more made-up bullshit
Heavy Metal May Age Cells Prematurely
WATCH: Authorities suspect a shark tried to eat Vietnam's Internet
Man Accused of Trying to "Buy" Woman`s Child Says It Was a Big Misunderstanding
Woman Who Didn't Know She Was Pregnant Gives Birth
Yahtzee game ends in Mayville man's arrest
NYPD on alert after lug nuts loosened on department vehicles
Drunk mother threatened teachers for refusing to let her take her five-year-old daughter home after school
Professional Cuddlers Embrace More Clients
4th-graders planned to kill teacher with hand sanitizer
South African women 'dry' their vaginas with bleach to make sex more pleasurable for men
Bill Cosby punch line: 'You have to be careful drinking around me'
Could Tsarnaev (The Boston Marathon Bomber) Argue, 'My Immature, Pot-Impaired Brain Made Me Do It'?
Akron man ran from police, stole a weed wacker, and told officers he has some yard work to do... in the middle of a snow storm.
Your Vanilla Ice Cream May Actually Smell Like Beaver Butt
Happy ending for business owners after South Whitehall massage parlor shut down
Sixty-Four Dartmouth Students Accused of Cheating in Ethics Class
Man Fondled Girl, 4, on Bus Home From Registering as Sex Offender: Prosecutors
Video surveillance shows a white woman committing burglary, prosecutors decide to indict a black man
DAD ARRESTED FOR THROWING DAUGHTER PLAYBOY-THEMED 18TH BIRTHDAY PARTY
Interstate pileup leaves road covered in 500 pounds of fries
Man hunts down, kills crocodile with spear after it ate his pregnant wife
Sledding to be made illegal?
Fat dog 'Lazy Daisy' bribed with ham wins PDSA slimming award
Man fell from fourth floor in Armenia, saved by Virgin Mary
Anonymous declares war on Islamic extremists to avenge Charlie Hebdo.
Bill Cosby tells woman 'be careful about drinking around me' at London, Ont., show
Woman gives birth to 4.5kg baby one hour after learning she was pregnant
South Muskoka to host midget playoffs
Smart Clip reminds parents of babies left in cars
Nazi cattle accused of trying to kill farm staff
Dublin priest says he is gay during Mass - receives standing ovation
McDonald's Hopes Dropping Gas Prices Will Fuel Burger Sales
George Zimmerman arrested on suspected domestic violence
Cambridge Fire Captain On Sick Leave After Accidentally Shooting Himself at Station
Weymouth Woman Who Didn't Know She Was Pregnant Gives Birth
Germany just eliminated tuition, while Americans are drowning in $1.2 trillion student loan debt.
Man hate-buys Rosalina & Luma amiibo in bulk so fans can't have them
Cop unknowingly shoots fellow officer when both were undercover conducting a drug bust
Teen Girl Beats Up Boy for Farting Near Her
Most of America's rich think the poor have it easy
Justin Bieber's Bulge Faces Photoshop Allegations
Fourth Graders Suspended After Plotting To Kill Teacher With Hand Sanitizer
Three 9-year-old New York girls plotted to kill their fourth grade teacher with hand sanitizer
85-pound Beagle named Kale Chips begins to slim down
Fourth graders in upstate New York planned to kill teacher with hand sanitizer because they thought she was 'mean'
'Soviets invading Germany, Ukraine:' Berlin faces tough choice on PM Yatsenyuk's WW2 take
Hezbollah leader says Muslim extremists harm Islam more than those who published satirical cartoon
Coupon prompts Alaska appeals court to toss theft conviction
Florida woman in toxic buttocks injection case cannot afford bail
Blame game in Argentina over Shortage of tampons
Woman describes her 2' 8" husband as "One of the most sexual people I have ever met"
Menacing authoritarians can now download the crappy NSA-style PowerPoint template they deserve
Male Senators Banned Women From Senate Pool So They Could Swim Naked
Chaos erupts during Melbourne darts tournament as crowd throws furniture
Transgender woman accused of injecting 'super glue,' cement into women's buttocks will likely remain jailed
Does anyone have the balls to bring back castrati?
Fourth-graders tried to kill their teacher with hand sanitizer because she was mean
Mississippi town repeals anti-discrimination resolution in secret
Rupert Murdoch: All Muslims must be held responsible for French attacks
Fourth graders at NY school plotted to kill teacher with hand sanitizer, report says
This woman chose to get shot by a robber instead of give up her Android phone
Man dies in Mcdonalds drive thru' crash
Guy skips work for 24 years, gets fired
Chairs fly in chaos at darts tournament at Etihad Stadium
Darts competition at Etihad Stadium erupts into violence
Riot at Australian Darts Tournament
Ice Rescue Drill Interrupted by Ice Rescue
Two-thirds of cancer cases caused by "bad luck"
Woman who faked cancer sentenced for sex with teens
蠟筆小新新番 11 話【GTV國語首發】- 高质量
Wife Shoots Husband in Botched Surprise
Three injured after chairs and tables were thrown at a darts tournament; police were called
Name blame: Schitt's Creek may be an awful title, but CBC's new comedy is really, really good
Rapper Kevin Gates discovers that he's dating his cousin, doesn't care
Two Dead After Being Trampled by Camel
Charlie Hebdo, inside job. "Inside" as yet remains undefined.
Jeb In 94: I Would Do 'Probably Nothing' For African-Americans
Man upset Craigslist totally ignored bro's before ho's rule, sues.
Melbourne Darts Contest Descends into Chair-Throwing Anarchy
Darts fans riot in fancy dress
Clocks Are Too Precise. (People Don't Know What To Do About It. )
Friend of late Jon Bieker said he made his wife's dreams happen
Man who eats only sh*t
more proof mainstream news is reporting marketing as news
China travelers open emergency exits to protest flight delay
12 Tools and Resources to support your startup
'Russia's great' and I am sober, Snowden says about his life in the country
Scilly police puzzled after fried egg found at crime scene
Iowa Cop Shoots at Dog, but Misses, Killing Woman Instead
Cops Called on Homeless Jesus Statue Because "He Could Have Been a Threat to the Neighborhood"
Irish man cleared of murder 74 years after hanging
One-hour pregnancy surprises new mom
Unpaid interns charged £300 for a job reference by thinktank | Education
Police: Woman arrested after drunk on vanilla extract behind wheel
Casey Molter Trashes 'Psychic' Girlfriend's Car After Granny Sex Dream Prediction: Cops
A camel just killed two people in Texas.
What Parents of Down Syndrome Kids Get About Sarah Palin That Others Don't
Rupert Murdoch: All world Muslims should be held responsible for Paris attacks
Porn dominates Saudi mobile use
A New Study Suggests That People Who Don't Drink Alcohol Are More Likely To Die Young
Va. teen takes to Twitter in quest to take friend's mom to prom
Soldier shot by wife when bringing her breakfast in bed
Camel tramples 2 people to death in Texas
World's first crisp sandwich shop for Belfast
Kids weigh in on sprinkler leak at daycare
One dead after brothers argue over what television show to watch
Man arrested for allegedly recording himself while he robs Manhattan bank
Former MIT professor 'robs bank,' films 'heist'
Chinese passengers open exit doors to protest flight delays, cause further flight delay
Hamas Condemns France Attacks, Says No Justification For 'Killing Innocents'
Study claims that men who post selfies might have some mild psychological problems
Supreme Court Rules You Have No 4th Amendment Protection Against Cops Ignorant of the Law
Fart Accusation Sparks Fight At Staten Island High School
EX-MIT prof eyed in bank robberies
School Requests Students be Armed with Canned Food Items to Thwart a Possible School Shooting
Islamic scholar threatens Irish publications with legal action if they publish offending cartoon
There is a Marijuana Scavenger Hunt happening in Denver
Double standard or lucky boys that don't know how to keep their mouth shut
A sober Snowden deems life in Russia 'great'
Congress Starts the New Year Off by Kicking the Disabled
Man Buys PlayStation 4 Bundle from Walmart, Gets Box of Rocks Instead
Teacher makes seven-year-olds strip, threatens to cut their penises off
Top 10 Websites For Making Money Online | Alternative
2000 dead in Nigeria, but no hashtags
The "Manspreading" scourge isn't just for subways
[NSFW] Dear Mona, I Masturbate More Than Once a Day. Am I Normal?
Charlie Hebdo gunman headbutted and threatened neighbour for listening to pop music because he said it was for 'infidels'
Albuquerque cop mistakenly guns down undercover narcotics officer during bungled $60 meth bust
People Magazine See realtime coverage 4th Graders Plotted to Kill Teacher with Hand Sanitizer
Woman sells Derek Jeter Sex Basket for $1950
4th Graders Plotted to Kill Teacher with Hand Sanitizer
Pastor: I punched a kid 'as hard as I could' for 'not taking the Lord serious'
168,000 Candles Sold by Hobby Lobby Recalled Due to Fire Risk
Teen injured by SUV upset driver is suing him too
Pastor's Gay Brother 'Frustrated That NPR Made This A News Story'
Fourth Graders Plot to Kill Teacher with Hand Sanitizer
Senator Ted Cruz appointed to oversee NASA in Congress
White House Announces Anti-Violence Summit as World Leaders March in France
Fox News Host Asks How We Can Tell 'Bad Guys' If We Can't See 'Tone Of Their Skin'?
These 'staunch defenders' of the free press are attending today's solidarity rally in Paris
Woman kills 3 kids on bicyles, killing one, is suing all three families for "Emotional Trauma"
Dinosaurs passing wind may have caused climate change
Obama doesn't like sprinkles.
Soldier Surprises Wife With Romantic Breakfast, She Surprises Him Back By Shooting Him
Robbers in Monkey and Gorilla Masks Steal Nike Jordans From Store
Fox News 'terror expert' says everyone in Birmingham is a Muslim
Birmingham is a Muslim-only city, Fox News 'expert' claims
Palestinian authority Abbas to attend Paris anti-terrorism rally
Get Rid of Your Money
Police investigating after drug-laced bread sickens dozens
Camel tramples two people to death in Texas
Mum gives birth one hour after learning she was pregnant
Owner Reunites With Dog Allegedly Stolen by Masturbating Burglar Read more: http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/Owner-Reunites-With-Dog-Allegedly-Stolen-by-Masturbating-Burglar--288202581.html#ixzz3OYrUyOJn Follow us: @nbcphiladelphia on Twitter | nbcphiladelphia on Facebook
Fox News Commentator Just Claimed Birmingham Is A Muslim-Only City
The truth about Birmingham - #foxnewsfacts (Fox News commentator says Birmingham is an entirely Muslim city)
iPhone Separation Anxiety Makes You Dumber, Study Finds
Fox News suggests Birmingham, UK is a place non Muslims 'do not go'
Croatia's new president: Croatia will be among the most developed countries in the world.
Pundit on Fox News claims that Birmingham is 'totally Muslim' city
Fourth graders at NY school plotted to kill teacher with hand sanitizer
Netanyahu offers sanctuary in Israel to French Jews shaken by Paris terror attacks
Benjamin Netanyahu offers French Jews a haven in Israel
Mom stabs teen who lied about eating pork chops
NY Fourth Grade Girls Suspended For Plotting To Kill Teacher With Hand
Hamas publication praises Paris terrorists
Man Accused Of Attempted Human Trafficking Was Millionaire Doing Good Deed
NY Fourth Grade Girls Suspended For Plotting To Kill Teacher With Hand Sanitizer
Close-minded grandfather discovers all of his sporting heroes are Muslims
Seagulls attack drone at cricket
iPhone 'separation anxiety' affects brain performance
Fox News' Eric Bolling: 'I Don't Remember' Any Terrorist Attacks On America During President Bush's Term (VIDEO)
Fox Host Eric Bolling: 'I Don't Remember Any Terrorist Attacks On American Soil' Between 2000 And 2008
N.Y. fourth-graders accused of planning to kill teacher with hand sanitizer
Taxpayers to fund teaching of 'pseudo-science'
Pop Music Critic Leaves The New Yorker to Annotate Lyrics for a Start-Up
Beer contaminated with crocodile bile kills 56 in Mozambique, sends dozens more to hospital
Henan Developers Send HIV Patients to Scatter Community
Petition launched in support of 'manspreading' on TTC
Pastor punches the kid in the chest for not taking lord seriously
Woman to police: Kim Kardashian tried to hurt kitten through TV screen
Purported Derek Jeter sex gift basket listed on Craigslist
More Than 60 Dartmouth Students Charged with Cheating in Ethics Class
Mysterious ATM Shows Up In Cornfield
A 47 year old woman calls the police after her neighbor doesn't give her the crack cocaine she paid $30 for.
Fayetteville soldier mistakenly shot by wife after triggering burglar alarm
Robot Journalist Finds New Work on Wall Street
143 wrecks reported in 10 hours because of rain
Meet the Charlie Hebdo Truthers. Here Are Their Bizarre Conspiracy Theories.
Bill Gates Drinks Water Distilled from Human Faeces
Apple wins extensive patent for foldable, flexible iPhone with force gesture controls
Nine-year-old boy to appear before parliament to oppose high-speed rail
Arrest warrant issued for boy, 9, accused of stealing gum
Saudi fatwa banning snowmen triggers heated debate
Wife accidentally shoots husband trying to bring her breakfast in bed
Scientists discover: Pharaoh temple found under Bosnian pyramids
Anti-Gay Pundits Claim They Are Getting Pushed Into The Closet
Rush Limbaugh: Idris Elba can't play James Bond because he's black
Boybanders ONE DIRECTION launch DoS attack on open-source bods
No Snowman Fatwa Causes Debates
Kim Jong-Un plans to open restaurant in Scotland
Saudi clergymen issue fatwa banning snowmen.
North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un to open restaurant in Scotland
North Korea dictator Kim Jong-un 'set to open a new restaurant in SCOTLAND'
Teenage girl beat up boy, 15, with a stool because he farted near her
Castle on sale for less than price of London semi
Bronx School Hires Psychic to Build Kids' Self-Esteem
Uzmanlar yeni metin içerikleri hazırlarlar, hedef kitlenin isteklerine yönelik yeni projeleri tamamlarlar ve teknik açıdan yapılması gerekenleri hayata geçirirler.
Iran brews up 'final solution' to hasten antichrist
Abbas to attend massive Paris anti-terror rally
Egypt student gets 3-year jail term for atheism
Billboard from 'white genocide' segregation group goes up along highway near Birmingham, Ala.
Saudi cleric condemns snowmen as anti-Islamic
Woman drunk on vanilla extract charged with DUI
Teen's Offensive Farting Ignites Fight At Staten Island High School
A Man Fell Down A Massive Hole In China And Turned The Experience Into An iPhone Game
'Crocodile poison' beer kills nearly 70 at funeral in Mozambique
56 people died at a funeral from drinking contaminated beer in northeastern Tete province, Mozambique
'Crocodile bile' poison beer suspected of killing 52 at Mozambique funeral
Ohio sheriff releases 72 inmates after budget cuts 'for the safety of everyone'
Indian Man, A No-Show At Work For 25 Years, Finally Gets The Ax
Kanye West Talks Paul McCartney Song, Bruce Jenner Transformation, Kim Kardashian Pregnancy [Video]
AP article on fatal crocodile bile poisoning in Mozambique was based on pseudo science. Bile not deadly.
Sarah Palin invited to share her unique way with words with legendary Cambridge debating society
69 people die after drinking beer contaminated with crocodile bile in Mozambique
Woman passed out in trooper's driveway said address is '28780 I'm Drunk'
RNC Member Promotes Hate Group's Magazine, Blames Gays For STDs
Japanese Company Invents A Bra That Can Only Be Opened When You Are Horny
Fox News employs battery powered talking anus as anchorman
Hospital forced to chain toys to bed to prevent thefts
The No. 2 man on al-Qaeda's hit list is not in hiding after Paris attack. He's selling french fries in Florida.
Two People Trampled to Death by Camel in Texas
Prediksi Espanyol vs Valencia 14 Januari 2015
4th-Graders' Plot: Kill Teacher Using Hand Sanitizer
Saudi cleric issues fatwa on snowmen
Poisoned beer kills 56 at funeral: Another 49 in hospital after local brew is thought to have been contaminated with crocodile bile
Comatose man wakes up after nurses put cash under his nose
Hateful little cannibal squirrels could help California drought
Iceland brewery makes beer using smoked whale testicles.
A Coordinated Extremist Buddhist Network Is Sowing Hatred Across Asia
Woman who struck boys with SUV, killing one, sues families for 'emotional trauma'
Tea Party Army Promises to Stop Obama from 'Importing Sharia Law' by Using Fax-Machines
Artificial intelligence experts sign open letter to protect mankind from machines
One In Three Men At The University Of North Dakota Would Rape A Woman?
Ted Cruz, Longtime Foe Of NASA And Science, Will Oversee NASA And Science In New Congress
Man Fired After Not Turning Up To Work for 24 Years
Britain in crisis as Cadbury changes Creme Egg recipe
Fans melt down over Cadbury Creme Egg change
Sara Palin invited to share her unique way with words with legendary Cambridge debating society
Good Morning America's Ginger Zee: Respected meteorologist, not "a pornographer"
Obama Administration: Torture is okay, but gossiping about policy is a felony!
Want to stop enriching people whose politics you hate? There's an app for that.
DMX doesn't want people to hear the new DMX album
Did crocodile bike really kill 69 people in Mozambique?
Since Taylor Swift removed her music from Spotify, the service suddenly grew by 20%
'Birmingham is all Muslim and religious London police beat those in the wrong clothes', reports FOX News
This Is How You Smuggle 94 iPhones over the Chinese Border
Saudi cleric proclaims snowman-building 'anti-Islamic'
Leading climate change denier in congress appointed to oversee NASA
Video - Cop Accidentally Shoots Part Of Finger Off In A Gun Store, Sues The Gun Store.
Charlie Hebdo staff try in vain to stifle laughter as pigeon craps on Francois Hollande
US Central Command Twitter feed hacked by ISIS supporters
Monkeys learn to recognize themselves in the mirror, proceed to investigate genitals
Summer's Eve To Ladies: If You Want A Raise, You'd Better Wash Your Hoo Hoo
Republican senator Ted Cruz to oversee Nasa in Congress
Nine year old arrested for alleged gum theft
Vanderbilt Rape Case May Hinge on the Spelling of 'Quesadilla'
iPhone separation anxiety is real, study says
Extremists try to hack Western transport network, end up hacking Bristol bus timetable
Snowmen condemned in Saudi Arabia amid concern they 'promote lustiness and eroticism'
Religion scholar issues fatwa against Saudi snowmen
Meet The Woman Who's Been Happily Married To 2 Cats For More Than A Decade
Barbarella Buchner: Woman celebrates 10-year anniversary after MARRYING her two pet cats
Prediksi Espanyol vs Valencia 14 Januari 2015 | Citibet88.net
Prince of Wales pub sent gas bill for 'Prince Charles'
Someone Invented Magic And It Is Freaking Us Out
Arrest warrant issued for 9 year-old-boy accused of stealing gum
Hundreds Of Greek Orthodox Mourners Served Biscuits Sprinkled With Cocaine
California man pays $4.8M for 26 cents
Rev. Al Sharpton's Viagra prescription found in Sandy Rubenstein's home during probe that cleared famed lawyer of rape accusation: police source.
Green Tax On Solar Panels
Sandy Hook families file lawsuit against Newtown, school board
Teen Girl Violently Attacked Classmate Who Farted Near Her: Prosecutor
Nike Set To Release Self-Lacing "Back To The Future" Shoes
Kurt Busch claims ex-girlfriend Patricia Driscoll is trained assassin
Fox News host calls for mass murder of Islamists in unhinged rant
British Farmer puts down herd of over-agressive "Nazis Cows"
Nazis Cow herd put down; "too agressive."
Spies should be able to monitor all online messaging, says David Cameron
iPhone Users More Stupid When Separated From Their Phones
Bill Gates drinks 'faeces water'
Vegas Cop Gets To Keep Job Despite Obama Gun Photo, Calling For 'Race War'
Driver Dances On Bonnet After Crashing Into Belfast Roundabout
High School Teacher Spent Her Honeymoon Sleeping With Teenager
Feel Free to Breastfeed Here, Pope Tells Mothers in Sistine Chapel
Joquasha Rosado 'beat up male Staten Island classmate after he passed gas'
NYPD: Female Student, 17, Brutally Beat Male Classmate Who Passed Gas In Her Direction
Guy Hoards 100-Plus Nintendo Rosalina Amiibos Purely to Deprive Her Fans
Cops: Sex offender registers, fondles kid on way home
Man Wakes Up From Coma When He Smells Money In Front Of His Nose
Obsessed 24 fan who changed his name to Jack Bauer jailed for 16 months for 'extraordinary' knife attack on taxi driver
Ultra-Orthodox Jewish Newspaper Edits Female World Leaders Out of Charlie Hebdo March
The Isis Babies are Freaking Adorable
Jack Bauer jailed: Man who adopted name of 24 hero locked up over taxi attack
US Centcom Twitter Account Hacked By IS
Man who changed name to Jack Bauer in homage to hero of TV show 24 carried out terrifying knife attack on taxi driver after 16-pint binge
Iceland brewery makes beer out of smoked whale testicles
Hackers fill Crayola Facebook page with off-colour cartoons
The Everyday Sexism of Women Waiting in Public Toilet Lines (x-post /r/mensrights)
Man attempts to smuggle 94 iPhones as 'suit of armour'
Over 40 Sick After Eating Bakery's Hallucinogenic Drug-Laced Bread
Fox News mocked after 'expert' says Birmingham is 'totally Muslim'
Chinese iPhone smuggler caught with 94 iPhones strapped to his body
تحميل برنامج فايرفوكس 2015 Mozilla Firefox 35.0 Final اخر اصدار
Apology for 'Muslim Only Birmingham' Fox News claim
Kim Jong-Un considers opening restaurant in Scotland selling North Korean delicacies
3 Dead After Cadbury's Creme Egg Protest Turns Violent In Dublin
Jeff From 'My Husband's Not Gay' Compares His Same-Sex Attraction To Eating Doughnuts
ALICE program arms children with cans & books to fight off classroom intruders
Climate Change-Denying Senator Ted Cruz Will Oversee NASA
Seneca Falls woman, drunk on vanilla extract, arrested for DWI in Walmart parking lot
Obama to San Antonio Spurs: Call me if you need 'tips on winning back-to-back'
S.I. student allegedly beats classmate for farting near her
Donating A Single Rollerblade Is Not Going To Help Disaster Victims
Florida man arrested for drug possession while wearing shirt saying he possesses drugs.
Mozambique links contaminated beer deaths to crocodile bile
Rick Springfield in Syracuse for retrial in butt-injury lawsuit
North Korea denies being behind the 'righteous and just' hacking of Sony
This Republican news site believes Obama will use martial law to remain president past 2016
Staten Island high school student allegedly bashes classmate in the head with metal stool for farting near her: source
London college offers selfie class
The mysterious sausage that even presidents can't resist
Bob Newhart is not a NCAA Ref (or is he)
Mexican President offers Obama help with amnesty documents.
Iowa Man Arrested After Allegedly Assaulting Pregnant Wife With McDonald's Sandwich
Teacher Allegedly Has Sex With Teen While Out On Bail For Sex With Students
Michael Varehov murder: Convicted killer Patrick McCarthy should get less jail time 'because victim was also criminal'
Money driven man who spent more than a year in a coma wakes up when nurses waft CASH under his nose.
British prime minister: Fox News security analyst is clearly a complete idiot
Twin sister goes to court for outher twin sister.
SC puts interim ban on 'cock-fighting' sport in AP
Chinese man in a coma was woken up by the smell of money
Update: Stop sewing koala mittens and start making pouches for orphaned kangaroos
'Even Nostradamus got things wrong', says astrologer who advised Sri Lanka's president to call election
AT&T says the FTC can't do anything to stop its throttling of 'unlimited' data customers
Not very smart: Man busted for smuggling 94 iPhones strapped to body
Muslim Mayor of Rotterdam tells Islamists to 'F*** Off' on live television
Man Caught At Chinese Customs Wearing 94 iPhones As Long Underwear
China has just banned the burqa in its biggest Muslim city
Criminal Probe Launched Into Source of Drug-Laced Bread
Saudi Cleric Issues Fatwa Forbidding Snowmen
This week's edition of French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo will show a cartoon depicting the Prophet Muhammad holding a "Je suis Charlie" sign
Florida Transgender Woman Masquerading As Doctor Uses Cement & Flat-Tire Sealant As Buttocks-Augmentation Filler Material
Fox News: "Are we stupid?"
Hundreds of 'No-Go Zones' Across France Are Off-Limits to Non-Muslims
Canadian Driver Who Hit Three Bicycling Teenagers Suing Victims' Families For Emotional Trauma
St. Petersburg Politician Tells Residents Shoveling Snow Is Good for Them
Crow attacks Emirati to avenge dead baby
Albuquerque Police Officers Actually Charged With Murder For On-Duty Shooting
Dubai's Burj al Arab to offer 24-carat gold, diamond tattoos
Handyman murdered by mistake after mother-in-law hired hitman to 'slap him'
Obese people should avoid skydiving
Android users are the biggest wankers
Former Pepsi Lobbyist Will Help Overhaul School Lunch Program
My campaign is still fizzing, says confident Champagne
Tony Blair on Russell Brand's Revolution: 'I literally don't know what it means'
A Fried Egg Bandit Is Baffling Police in the Isles of Scilly
Russia: Shovel snow yourselves, says city politician
A congressman really said "Hitler thought it more important than Obama to get to Paris"
Donald Trump Says Air Traffic Controllers Deliberately Flying Planes Over His House
Riot Cops Use Tear Gas on Columbus Crowds After Ohio State Win
You may not want to know where your iPhone was before it reached you
Scientists Make Hilarious Proofreading Error
Former strip club in Flint, Michigan hosts church service for former strippers.
Pakistan rally celebrates Charlie Hebdo attackers
Court orders jaywalking students to visit funeral home, write their own obituaries
Calls for BBC News reporter Tim Willcox to resign after mentioning Palestine at Paris Freedom of Speach Rally
This Season's Latest Look Is Facial Lego
If a gay Mormon marries a woman, divorce is likely, study finds
'Little Old Lady' Arrested For Making Fur Coats With Neighbors Cats
Groggy Louisiana man adjusts pants and fatally shoots friend sleeping on couch next to him
Woody Allen to create his first TV series ever on Amazon Prime: 'I don't know how I got into this'
If a gay Mormon married a woman, divorce is likely, study finds
Former Staffer Says Working With Sarah Palin Gave Her PTSD (VIDEO)
Coon Rapids suspect answers door with samurai sword, large spear
Apple copycat doesn't like being copied.
UK's Cameron calls Fox pundit a 'complete idiot'
Police arrest 9-yr-old after he misses court on gum charge
Map: Literally every goat in the United States
Mother publishes article and website saying that her research shows her children are narcissists for not returning her phone calls
Russia must keep USA at gunpoint
Crayola Apologizes After Hacked Facebook Account Posts 'Off-Color' Jokes
Principal seeks food cans to defend against school intruders
Former Ex-Gay Leader Admits He's Gay
Major Russian TV network says US intelligence carried out the Charlie Hebdo attack
Convicted Felon Leaves Jail to Hit Polling Places on Election Day
Kale lovers meet the Kalette, the hot new vegetable of 2015
Congress Just Gave One of the Most Important Science Jobs to a Senator Who Denies Science
Stepped on shoes leads to shooting, stabbing.
Woman chops her cheating husband's penis off twice in one day
[Katie] Perry: My female anthems make me ideal Super Bowl performer
Man busted for smuggling 94 iPhones strapped to body
Black lab in Seattle regularly takes solo bus ride to dog park
Schools arming students with canned goods
Texas GOP congressman compares Obama to Hitler
Man paid for 72 attempts to impregnate neighbour's wife, then sued upon failure
Police report: 3-year-old beaten for eating last piece of cheesecake
Iceland: Brewery makes 'whale testicle beer'
NC Governor Calls Charlotte the Capital of NC
Woman stays, sleeps at Grand Blanc Walmart for almost two days, police say
Submariners feed polar bear with garbage
Ho nephew held after hotel sex ring busted
It's fashionable to focus on human rights violations: Supreme Court of India
WhatsApp and iMessage could be banned under new surveillance plans
Finally, a Congressman Makes an Obama-Hitler Analogy
Islamic State babies invade Twitter
Wife chops cheating husband's penis off - twice
US Central Command Twitter account hacked to read 'I love you Isis'
AT&T defends unlimited data throttling, says the FTC can't stop it
Opiates handed out like candy to 'doped-up' veterans at VA
Texas congressman Randy Weber says Obama is basically worse than Hitler
Police: Mother Stabs Teenage Son In Fight Over Missing Pork Chops « CBS Cleveland
Why you really should (but really can't) eat horsemeat
Jamie Lynn Spears Uses A Knife To Break Up A Fight At Pita Pit
Religious circumcision ritual leaves another Jewish baby with herpes
Mother With Severe Phobia Of Varicose Veins Begs Doctors To Amputate Her Healthy Legs
Prediksi Real Sociedad vs Villarreal 15 Januari 2015
Former X-Factor winner Shayne Ward will Skype you for €64
Texas congressman labels Obama worse than Hitler for not going to Paris
Palestinian President is Greeted by the Turkish Prime Minister and 16 Warriors in the Turkish Presidental Palace
Why This Fish Got a Glass Eye ... and Seems Much Happier Now
VP Joe Biden talks of "6 guys and 1 woman beatin' off..." at Student Veterans of America Conference. Seriously - I was there.
22-year-old 'street artist' will tattoo your name on her body for $10
Chinese wife cuts off cheating husband's penis ... twice
Ring Bearer and Flower Girl Walk Down the Aisle Again 20 Years Later
Breaking Up with the Eiffel Tower: Heartbreak Is No Less Real for Objectum Sexuals
Charlie Hebdo's new caricature 'unjustifiably provocative': Egypt's Dar Al-Ifta
Russian Man to Build Copy of 'The Simpsons' House in Moscow Region
Police officer shoots unarmed man. Unarmed man turns out to be an undercover officer working a drug deal.
Police officer shoots unarmed man that turns out to be an undercover police officer
Police officer shoots (unarmed?) man in a drug deal confrontation, putting him in critical condition. Man turns out to be an undercover cop.
Jamie Lynn Spears: Master of Knives, Defender of Justice
Comcast Supports Open Internet and Net Neutrality
Fish gets fake eye to stop being bullied | New York Post
Bureaucrats With Berettas | Better pay those student loans
'He wasn't taking the Lord serious': US pastor Eric Dammann boasts about punching a child
Pastor punches youth as hard as he can for 'not taking the Lord serious'
Carter: Give Obama A Break for Not Going to Paris, He Just Came Back from Vacation
Father jailed for mistakenly sending his toddler to nursery with bag of drugs and knives instead of packed lunch
Saudi cleric declares snowmen as being anti-Islamic
BlackBerry is tweeting from an iPhone
Man jailed for sending his child, 3, to nursery with lunchbox full of cocaine and knives
Anti-LGBT activist wants National Guard deployed to stop same-sex marriages
Love not on the itinerary as Canadian pair return from round-the-world trip
Republican Congressman Randy Weber Apologizes For Comparing Obama To Hitler
City workers bring pot brownies to work, get suspended
Man Kicked Out Of Nightclub For Not Facing DJ
Wife chops off cheating husband's penis, twice
Seattle pooch Eclipse catches bus to dog park on her own
Woman who is celebrating a decade of marriage to her two pet CATS says she has never been happier (and has no plans to find a human husband)
Principal proposes arming students with canned food to throw at intruders
Indiana lawmakers seek harsher penalty for beheading crimes
Ex-Girlfriend Totally Normal Now
Extra Extra:Swiss Stop Pizza Invaders From Germany
Romney Face Tattoo Guy Says He's Not Supporting Romney
Mom stabs teen over pork chop dispute
Chocolate muffin found in broken tail light cavity: Lakewood police blotter
Romney Face Tattoo Guy Says He's Not Supporting Romney In 2016
Get Ready for Nancy Grace and 2 Chainz to Go at It over Pot (No, Seriously)
David Cameron: If government can't snoop on it, you shouldn't be allowed to use it
Video shows woman throwing sausage, bacon in Framingham PD
Can canned goods stop school shooters?
Man Beats Girlfriend's Son for Eating the Last Slice of Cheesecake
New York City Housing Authority tells tenants to use fire hydrant after water fails at Brooklyn building
Woman Claims She Became Pregnant By Drinking Red Bull
Man Shoveling Sidewalk Finds Mother-in-Law's Body in Snow
Albuquerque Cop Unexpectedly Shoots Undercover Detective During Drug Bust
Tough Mudder to add tear gas obstacle to its events in 2015
Man accused of firing at officers said next time he'll 'aim better'
FDA replaces irrational, homophobic gay blood ban with new irrational, homophobic gay blood ban
Delta Flight Delay Causes Plane to Take Off With Just 2 Passengers
Cop's Wife Kills Teen in Accident After Having Drinks at a Bar, Apologizes by Suing Family
Principal: Let students hurl canned food at intruders
Tampon Shortage in Buenos Aires Has Government Blaming Media
Whale testicle beer launched by Icelandic brewery
Wife chopped cheating husband's penis off... twice.
NFL 'Fail Mary' official fighting depression - ESPN
Donald Trump sues 'malicious' Palm Beach airport for $100 million
Muslim friends of Paris terror victim: A shame he's being buried in Israel
Huckabee slams Obama for letting daughters listen to Beyoncé
Unhappy with $1bn divorce settlement, woman appeals in court
Man Arrested at China Border With 94 iPhones Strapped to His Body
NASCAR driver Kurt Busch, accused of Domestic violence, testifies that his ex-girlfriend is a covert, highly trained assassin who has performed secretive missions across the world.
Man masturbated in Reject Shop, interrupted by grandmother
Seattle dog's rush hour ride: on the bus, by herself, weekly
Man Who Got Romney Logo Tattooed On Face Won't Support 2016 Bid
Holy Cow Urine a Treat in India
Middle School principal asks each student to bring in a canned food item to throw at an intruder.
Kurt Busch testifies ex-girlfriend is trained assassin
Frosty fatwa: Saudi cleric bans snowmen
Students to fight school shooters with canned goods.
Margaret Atwood, Michael Morpurgo 'alarmed' Oxford Junior Dictionary has dropped nature words
Report: Boehner's bartender planned to poison him
Germany to house asylum seekers at Buchenwald concentration camp
Olli Maatta's terrible, horrible, no good, very bad season likely over
The Prodigy Accidentally Release Old Track Thinking It's Their New Single
Chris Brown Will Reportedly No Longer Be Performing at "Hood Clubs"
Nightclub Closed After "Brown Noise" Song Gives Five Hundred People Explosive Diarrhoea
Arrested: Dad Recorded Dog Humping His Son and Put It On Youtube
Conservationists Say Iceland's Whale Testicle Beer is Offensive
Je suis a trademark? Slogan-related application just the latest in a growing trend
Casino Kicks Out Breastfeeding Mom, Calls Baby a 'Security Threat'
Accused of abuse against his ex girlfriend, Kurt Busch defends himself by saying she is a trained assassin
I am a 25 year old guy who quit his job and gambled everything on a start up bag company.
Brian Williams watched daughter Allison's 'Girls' sex scenes
North Koreans Cross Frozen River to Murder Chinese for Food
Swimming through the bog?
Woman cuts mans penis off, twice...
Driver sues dead teenage cyclist she knocked over and killed for HER "emotional trauma"
SAPD Cop Caught on His Own Dashcam Stealing Weed, Rifle, & Cash from Couple
Bears' Martellus Bennett, Kyle Long fighting over Twitter unfollowing
Seattle Dog Figures Out Buses, Starts Riding Solo To The Dog Park
Oops! BlackBerry Is Caught Tweeting From an iPhone
Report: Some French Muslims Blaming Paris Attacks On 'Shape-Shifting Jews'
Newspaper in Israel Scrubs Women From a Photo of Paris Unity Rally
Range lawmaker to balance legislating with lobbying
Valley school asks students to bring canned goods to stop school shooters
Male hostages who fled Sydney siege don't deserve bravery awards, "Maybe they could have done something more to protect the women" - Australian MP Fred Nile
4th graders plotted to kill 'mean' teacher with hand sanitizer, cops say
Alabama: School May Arm Students With Canned Peas
Wife chopped her husband's penis off after she discovered he had cheated on her... then cut it off AGAIN after surgeons managed to reattach it
NASCAR's Kurt Busch Testifies That Ex-Girlfriend Is An Assassin
Jilted wife chops off two-timing hubby's manhood - twice
NASCAR Driver Accused of Abuse Says Ex Is Trained Assassin
NASCAR's Kurt Busch: Ex was trained killer
Siblings Opening Vegan 'Butcher' Shop in Minneapolis
NASCAR driver Kurt Busch testifies in court Tuesday that he believes his ex-girlfriend is a trained assassin.
Man busted for smuggling strapped 94 iPhones to his body
Jeremy Renner: Don't take my Jennifer Lopez cleavage joke 'so serious'
Man Legally Changes Name to GOD DAMN
Kurt Busch testifies his ex-girlfriend is a trained assassin
Kurt Busch: Ex was trained killer
NASCAR driver Kurt Busch says ex-girlfriend who accused him of abuse is trained assassin
Donald Trump sues for $100 milliion, angry about air traffic over his ritzy Florida club
Alabama middle school principal tells kids to bring canned goods to class, throw them at possible gunmen
Verizon investors say net neutrality opposition could harm its reputation
Lab tests show polio vaccine is not 'Haram'
Alabama principal wants to arm kids with canned food again intruders
Meet the man who spent 12 years trapped inside his body watching 'Barney' reruns
Man Caught With 94 iPhones Ducktaped To His Body By Airport Security
Tesla added a feature back to the Model S after Elon Musk's kid called it 'the stupidest car in the world'
Nancy Grace and Rapper 2 Chainz Exchange Blows Over Weed Legalization
Lakewood church stops woman's funeral because she was gay
Tennessee man severely beats girlfriend's son, 3, for eating last piece of cheesecake, mom says
Arrested: Martinez Dad Recorded Dog Humping His Son, 10
Conman sold 'whiskey' bottles laced with faeces and urine
Man jailed for selling urine as whiskey
Alabama school tells parents and children to fight guns with canned food
Australian wildlife group says stop knitting koala mittens and start making kangaroo pouches
Monkeys Notice Themselves in Mirror, Immediately Examine Their Genitals
TRYING TO GET LAID IN AMERICA, PART II
Wife chopped her husband's penis off after she discovered he had cheated on her... then cut it off AGAIN after surgeons managed to reattach it in China
FAIL Blog - Funny FAIL Pictures and Videos - epic fail photos - Cheezburger
Woman Chops Off Husband's Penis...Twice
muslim girls recieve up to 6 months of prison time for hugging kpop star
Snowmen declared anti-Islamic by prominent Saudi Arabian cleric
Spoofers Tricked High-Speed Traders by Hitting Keys Fast
Convicted Virginia state legislator wins election while in jail
Submit Your Startup - sEeuPs
Father accidentally sends his son to nursery with a 'drug dealer's kit' in his lunchbox
School arms students with canned goods to fight off intruders
Not only is Birmingham, UK no-go for non-muslims, so are parts of France, says UK's Nigel Farage.
Nascar Driver Kurt Busch testifies in court saying ex-girlfriend was a trained assassin.
Nascar driver: my ex was an assassin
Black Donor's Sperm Sent Accidentally Sent To Neo-Nazi Couple
Disney Cruise liner rescues passenger who fell overboard from other cruise vessel
Dutch Muslim group fined over Holocaust cartoon
An Ecuadorian Beauty Queen Died Having the Plastic Surgery She Won as a Pageant Prize
Zombies to depict colonization of First Nations in new movie
Cardinal Raymond Burke blames 'radical feminists' for paedophile priests
German town mulls housing refugees in Nazi concentration camp
Ohio man blamed John Boehner for Ebola, planned to shoot him 'and take off'
Brewery makes "whale testicle beer"
Yes, you can pay someone to ship glitter to your enemies
Wife chops off adulterous husband's penis. Twice.
Tanzania bans witchdoctors over albino attacks
Top publisher bans mentions of pork or pigs in schoolbooks 'so as not to offend Muslims or Jews' (xpost /r/WTF)
Top publisher bans mentions of pork or pigs in schoolbooks 'so as not to offend Muslims or Jews'
Middle school in Alabama tells students to throw canned goods at intruder.
Jilted wife chops off husband's penis, twice
Ohio bartender accused of threatening to kill John Boehner
Virginia Delegate-elect Joe Morrissey juggles jail curfew and election victory
Former 'Ex-Gay Poster Boy' Comes Out as Gay
JPMorgan Cahse CEO: 'JPMorgan Is The Best Thing I Can Do For Country And Humanity'
Justice of the peace again found guilty of sexual harassment
'Muslim-free' Arkansas shooting range turns away brown-skinned father-son duo
JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon '[Leading] JPMorgan is the best thing I can do for country and humanity'
Hindu Man, Father "Kicked Out" of Muslim-Free Gun Range
Man jailed after breaking into police station and cooking himself ravioli and weetabix
Landlords 'blame goblins' for property fires
Kinder Egg toy fan Dejan Lovren shows off his huge collection
Tough Mudder's 2015 course will include a tear gas obstacle
Burger Joint Serves Sick Teen a Meal in Box That Says 'Trash Like You'
John Elway opens press conference by thanking John Elway
Selfie demand in Humberside Police's top job advert
Girl Outed as Porn Star in Front of her Gran in a Carvery
SWAT Team Kills Man Over $2 worth of Marijuana
Rick Springfield to testify over his buttocks
Oxygen in air linked to lung cancer
NASCAR racer Kurt Busch testifies that his ex girlfriend is a trained assassin.
Emotional day in court for Rick Springfield in butt-injury lawsuit
Pizza Hut to serve Gluten-Free Pizzas
BlackBerry adopts the iPhone for promotional Twitter campaign
Kurt Busch: Ex-girlfriend is trained assassin
Kurt Bush says ex-girlfriend,Patricia Driscoll, was trained assassin
Man gives out 13-year-old daughter in marriage to man who raped her
Seattle dog's rush hour ride: takes herself to the park on the bus
Those who forget history are doomed to repeat it
Authorities want girls' help in K-Pop band 'hugs and kisses' probe
Man Makes His Wife Breakfast In Bed, She Shoots Him In The Chest
Montreal police tell man his mother is dead. She wasn't.
'Jihad Jane' Colleen LaRose Became a Terrorist for Love
NASCAR driver Kurt Busch, accused of assault, tells court ex-girlfriend is an international assassin
Dog Figures out Bus, Regularly Rides to Dog Park
Nancy Grace Debates 2 Chainz on Marijuana Legalization
'Scientists' used residential school children for ESP research
Nascar's Kurt Busch tells court ex-girlfriend is international assassin
Miley Cyrus shares newith full frontal NSFW polaroids
Miley Cyrus shares new full frontal NSFW polaroids
Dead actress's body found in water tank after residents complain of 'funny' taste
9-Year-Old Arrested After He Allegedly Steals a Pack of Gum
Man Breaks 3-Year-Old's Leg for Eating Last Slice of Cheesecake
Gandalf, R2-D2 and the Hulk join Erdogan-Abbas ceremony
Suspect trips and dies after armed robbery
Stretchers stolen from funeral hearses in Gainesville
Their wedding day started with spider attack
ISIS video shows child purportedly executing 2 Russian spies
Cop trying to kill the family dog, kills woman instead, in front of her husband and 4-year-old son
Drive-by gang throwing POTATOES from cars injuring 13-year-old girl
Norwegian fined for false promise on contract killing
Miley Cyrus goes full-clothed in latest Instagram photo
Potato Attack Injures 3 In Scotland
Man spends thousands of pounds on plastic surgery to look like Katie Price
Elderly people 'auctioned off' to care homes by Kent County Council
Boy, 3, Severely Beaten for Eating Last Piece of Cheesecake
9-year-old boy arrested after allegedly stealing gum
Later this week, asylum seekers in Germany will move into one of the non-descript white barracks once overseen by the Buchenwald concentration camp, where more than 50,000 people died during WWII
Senate to vote on whether climate change is happening
A SWAT Raid Based On Faulty Information Kills a Man Over His 'Huge Stash.' Worth Maybe All of $2.
Woman Who's Been Happily Married To 2 Cats
Oxford University Press bans mention of pork and pigs in books to 'avoid offending Muslims or Jews'
Donald Trump suing Florida county for $100 million for allegedly flying planes over his oceanside mansion
Cop kills 95-year-old WW II vet and claims he was wielding a machete. Turns out to be a shoehorn.
NASCAR driver Kurt Busch says ex is a trained assassin.
A Breeder Apart: The Bull Who Sired 500,000 Is Gone: Fans Commemorate 'Toystory,' a Dairy Legend With a Ravenous Libido
WIFE ACCUSED OF CUTTING OFF CHEATING HUSBAND'S MANHOOD, TWICE
Mitt Romney's climate record exposes his deepest flaws as a politician and a robot
Facebook Unveils Facebook At Work, Lets Businesses Create Their Own Social Networks
Marco Rubio's new book is full of the word 'innovation' and no actual policy innovations
'Strange taste' in water caused by human remains in supply tank
Ex-Glasgow officer sues gun store after accidentally shooting off finger
The Who, Elton John Lead New Orleans Jazz Fest Lineup
Court weighs Ohio's taxation of out-of-town athletes
Alabama has highest rate of teacher-student sex, former top education official says
The Best Selfie Sticks: Look Ridiculous, Shoot Great
Montreal Is Hosting A "Public Sex Show" This Weekend
Delta flight to New York flies with just two passengers
Bid to lower corporate tax rate stirs backlash from business
23 Hollywood Moms With Same Sperm Donor Go on Vacation
NASA live stream cuts out after alien UFO sighting, claims blogger
Woman stabbed during fight at Chuck E. Cheese
Justin Bieber Accidentally Attends Gay Republican Group's Meeting In West Hollywood
Three arrested after police follow their footprints in the snow
School bus may be possessed by Satan, parent says
Naya Rivera: 'White People Shower A Lot More' Than Other Races
Lawmaker wins re-election from jail after he was forced to step down when he was accused of affair with his 17-year-old assistant who is now pregnant
Strip Club Wins Award For Keeping Albany Park 'Beautiful'
Cop Who Shot Off Finger With Loaded Weapon Sues Gun Store
'Feminists hate men': Meet Mike Buchanan, the leader of Britain's new Justice for Men and Boys party
Neighborhood group praises strip club for cleanliness
Lawmaker Forced to Celebrate His Re-Election Victory in Jail
Israeli newspaper edits out Angela Merkel from front page on Paris march
Woman cuts her husband's penis off... twice
Controversy over 'offensive' Fox News broadcasts at public rec center
Russian Post 'Insulted' by Comparison to Nazi SS Uniforms
Alabama principal wants canned goods in classrooms for kids to hurl at school shooters
Prostitution literally ate me from the inside out
Nancy Grace And Rapper 2 Chainz Have An Incredible Debate Over Legalizing Pot
2 Chainz and Nancy Grace Get Into a Heated Debate About Marijuana Legalization
Colorado church halts woman's funeral after photos show she was gay
For Sale: Deep, Spacious Roswell Property, Once Occupied by a Missile
US slaps sanctions on Putin's biker gang over Ukraine
'Rear Gear' is the new must-have accessory for your pet's butthole
Police: Homeless woman replaced baby Jesus with pig's head
Anti-Science Senator Will Oversee Committee Covering NASA and Science Funding
Mentions of pork banned in schoolbooks, could offend Muslims or Jews
France arrests 54 for defending terror; newspaper sells out
The woman alleged by Kurt Busch to be a trained assassin dispatched on covert missions around the world said Wednesday that she is worried about the NASCAR driver's mental state.
Etsy Has Come Up With A Creative Solution To Having To Look At Your Pet's Butthole
Children caged to keep the streets clean for the Pope: Police round up orphans and chain them in filth during pontiff's visit to Philippines (X-post from r/worldnews)
Swedish children's TV dancing genitals cartoon sparks parental outcry
Three injured in drive-by potato attack
Measles outbreak spreads in US after unvaccinated woman visits Disneyland.
Can I use my one phone call to vote in the state legislature?
German paper publishes, in error, an anti-Semitic cartoon
Virginia lawmaker wins re-election despite jail term for relationship with 17-year-old
Woman cuts off husband's penis twice after catching him cheating: Shanghaiist
DA to Review Videos and Statements Before Automatically Charging Prisoners After Conflicts with Guards
MIT professor robbed banks for 'art project'
Morrissey, in midst of six-month jail term, wins special election to Virginia House
Nancy Grace Debates 2 Chainz on Marijuana Legalisation
Hunter Rides Wounded Deer Down Hill On A Sled In Saskatchewan
We wouldn't accept actors blacking up, so why applaud 'cripping up'?
Police: Ring theft suspect resembles 'Where's Waldo?' character
Dozens Of Dartmouth Students Suspended For Cheating In Ethics Class Designed For Athletes
Cincinnati named one of top 15 travel destinations in world
Two Injured In Monstrous Drive-By Potato Attack
Saudi Cleric Declares All Snowmen Abominable
Diners appalled to find feather on fast food chicken wing.
Woman Reportedly Cuts Off Husband's Penis Twice in One Night
Lost writer admits they just made it up as they went along
Phil Davis disappointed UFC never told him he could do cocaine and get away with it
'ISIS Hackers' Share Love for American Folk Punk Group Andrew Jackson Jihad over Twitter
Dad sends child to school with Tupperware box full of cocaine
Revealed: Man had penis cut off with scissors TWICE after wife found out he had been cheating
Rep. Randy Weber said Obama is basically worse than Hitler. He has since apologized.
Woman files lawsuit over no stimulation from tights
There's an Unlicensed "Frozen" App Where you Deliver Anna's Baby - Let it Grow
High school named after a KKK grand wizard.
EXCLUSIVE: Kristen Stewart: "People think I don't care, but no one gives more of a F*** than me"
A CIA panel has found that the CIA did not spy on the US Senate
Homeless children CAGED in Manila to keep the streets clean for Pope Francis Philippines visit.
Man trapped in coma for 12 years was aware of everything, hated 'Barney' reruns
Virginia lawmaker wins election from jail
Meet the 153 Americans who are one step closer to being president than Clinton or Romney
Former highest-ranking U.S. cardinal blames 'feminization' for the Catholic Church's problems
2 Chainz, Nancy Grace Debate Marijuana Legalization
'ISIS Hackers' Share Love for Folk Punk Group Andrew Jackson Jihad over Twitter
Rick Springfield Gets Emotional At Trial For Injuring Fan With His Butt
Israel paper cuts Merkel from Paris march photo for modesty
Daryl Morey: Being a basketball GM is fun like being a gynecologist
With Casket Open, Denver Pastor Stops Funeral Because Deceased Was Gay, Then Blames 'Technical Difficulties
Angry wife chops off cheating husband's penis - twice
Rick Springfield Has Emotional Court Hearing After Injuring Fan With His Butt
Night lines banned at shops in some Venezuela states; scarcity persists
Al Murray's Pub Landlord to stand against Nigel Farage
George Zimmerman 'Has Not Been Lucky With The Ladies': Lawyer
Mother, boyfriend charged after child beaten because he ate cheesecake
Please Stop Calling 911 to Get Tonight's TV Lineup, Norwood Police Ask on Twitter
She cut his penis off, twice.
The question that sparked anger on Family Feud
Man jailed after breaking into police station and cooking ravioli, Weetabix, milk in a pan
Stormtrooper armour saved man from deadly snake bite
The 5 most haunting masturbation-related injuries
QVC hosts argue over whether the moon is a planet.
The Senate will vote to decide if climate change is real
QVC Hosts Not Sure if Moon is a Planet or a Star
Police typo proclaims love for dogs
Norwegian police fine hitman because he DIDN'T carry out contract killing as promised
As economy drops, Calgary police investigate rise in theft of costly sex toys
Man's Dreams Crushed When He Finds Out His Malibu House Isn't The Biggest
Parents accused of neglect for letting kids walk around neighborhood.
Putin's Judo Partner Set To Build Russia's Bridge to Crimea
Pittsburgh Police Chief Asks for Investigation of Himself
Lesotho's people plead with South Africa to annex their troubled country
Amazon Japan Is Now Selling Giant, Piloted Mech Suits
'In Dog We Trust' Accidentally Printed on Sheriff's Rugs
TMZ Guilts Church Of Scientology Into Tipping Pizza Delivery Guys
Woman attempts to smuggle immigrants with help of drag queen, DREAMer
Stormtrooper costume saves Australian man in battle with deadly brown snake
Man jailed for breaking into police station and cooking ravioli and Weetabix
Tenn. woman gets Medicaid help - 6 days after her death
FDA approves appetite-zapping implant for obese patients
Wall Street Intern Posts Nude Selfies From Bank's Bathroom, Then Quits Job To Pursue Career In Porn
New York Man arrested for putting travel agency sticker on the back of a cross sign
My ex Patricia Driscoll is a hired killer: NASCAR driver Kurt Busch
'Facebook at Work' Launches so You Can Never Not Be on Facebook
Man dies trying to cut power to noisy stereo at Northland campground
NASCAR driver accused of assault says ex is trained assassin
Controversy over 'offensive' Fox News broadcasts at public recreation center in Ann Arbor
Seahawks-Packers "Fail Mary" referee suffers PTSD
Pet shop owner allegedly beats employees with bearded dragon
'Shape-Shifting' Jews Blamed for Paris Attacks
A Writer From 'Lost' Allegedly Admitted To What We Suspected All Along
Teen calmly explains how he murdered fellow online gamer
CIA Review Board Clears Spy Agency of Wrongdoing in Senate Hack
Justin Bieber accidentally attends meeting for gay Republicans
Ottawa Mosque concerned by sharp rise in young men converting to Islam
Tanzania bans witch doctors to deter albino killings
Sydney siege: Fred Nile comes under fire for comments about gunman and hostages
Virginia Politician Serves 2 Terms: In Jail and in the State Legislature
Total milk intake dropped by nearly half when chocolate milk removed from school program
Taylor Swift is now second favourite to win Triple J's Hottest 100
After Satanists Planned to Give Away Coloring Books, Florida School Board Halts Religious Distributions Entirely
London's homes are worth as much as Brazil's economy
Saudi Arabia Is Building A 600-Mile 'Great Wall' To Shield Itself From ISIS
Pursuit ends when suspect loses prosthetic leg
Westport Car Dealership Messes With Pizza Delivery Guy, Feels Internet's Wrath
Wall Street Intern Posts Nude Selfies From Bank's Bathroom, Then Quits Job To Pursue A Career In Porn
Man rescues 3 elderly people from car in Sarasota lake
American children armed with soup cans to off a school shooter ...
Founder Of 'Ship Your Enemies Glitter', An Evil Way To Irk Your Enemies, Is Begging People To Stop Using His Service
NASCAR Driver Says Ex-Girlfriend Is A Trained Killer Who Worked As An Assassin
Raif Badawi to be publicly flogged every week for months after 'insulting Islam'
Louisiana Upholds Ban On Oral Sex, While Necrophilia Remains Legal
Beauty queen Catherine Cando dies during plastic surgery she won as pageant prize
Malaysian girls face jail for K-pop hugs
Jim Davidson: UKIP are the Jim Davidson of politics
Man beheaded mum believing she was reptile
France arrests dozens of people for hate speech | News
Kitten trapped in biscuit barrel released by fire crew
Busch's Ex A Hired Killer?
U.S. Senate to vote on whether climate change is real
She Tried Riding The Subway Like A Dude. She Couldn't Believe When People Took Pictures.
Democrat-Turned-Independent Wins Special Election From Jail
Pinellas County Florida loves dogs!
Annoyed Aurora man mails his uncollected trash to GFL
Lesbian couple ordered out of cinema toilets after being mistaken for men.
Man in China recovering in hospital after wife chopped off his penis - Telegraph
1882 Winchester Rifle Found Leaning on Tree in Park
Woman reveals she was raped in her sleep over 300 times - by her own husband
"I Don't Want to Ride My Horse Under the Rail:" Rural LA Communities Blast Bullet Train Route
'Skin Gym Fitness' Offers Anti-Aging Workouts for Your Face
Artist and Former MIT Professor Robs Banks Claiming It's His Art
Teen with Cotard's Syndrome spent three years thinking she was DEAD
'I was going to rob this place but I know you,' robber tells clerk before giving thumbs up, leaving
Supreme Court Considers Whether A Sock Is Drug Paraphernalia
100 serial rapists identified after rape kits from Detroit Crime Lab are finally processed
Fatal car crash caused by spider falling from sun visor
Gay man forced to go to prostitute or lose job
Oops! "In Dog We Trust" printed within Pinellas County Sheriff's emblem on new rugs
'It's mean': Kris Jenner is 'outraged' InTouch magazine added lipstick to Bruce's photo and claimed he would come out as 'transwoman' in 2015
Teenage 'zombie' is brought back from the dead by Disney
Kurt Busch, NASCAR driver, claims ex-girlfriend is assassin
Reporter To Rex Ryan: 'How Much Are You Salivating To Get Your Hands On That D?'
Talk about a barking-violation! Seattle dog learns to ride bus alone to dog park
Filipino traffic cops to wear adult diapers during Pope Francis visit
Substitute teacher goes on trial in the US for showing explicit horror film to pupils.
Middle school instructs students to throw canned food at gunmen
'Dick Poop' was nominated for an Oscar
Homeless Man Arrested For Charging Cellphone At Public Park
Attack on Charlie Hebdo Was God's Divine Retribution for Mocking Christianity, Says Religious Right Broadcaster
Why, oh why, would 'InTouch' mag Photoshop lipstick, blush and a silk scarf on Bruce Jenner?
Sportsmanship questioned as girls high school basketball game in California ends in incredible 161-2 score
Putin inspires fashion label
George Zimmerman 'Has Not Been So Lucky With the Ladies': Lawyer
Cartoon genitals on children's television show start row in Sweden
Italian gay chef told to sleep with a prostitute or lose his job
The Job Applicant Darwin Awards
Iran: Cleric causes a stir in bright yellow outfit
Ex-GOP Rep: My Call For Islamists To Behead U.S. Journalists Was 'Satire'
'Did That Just Happen?' Dog Rides Bus By Herself to Dog Park
Buchenwald concentration camp immigration plan criticised
Let Students Hurl Canned Food at Intruders
Levels of 'Molly,' aka ecstasy, spike in rivers near music festival
Are All Terrorists Muslims? 94% aren't!
How oxygen in the air could trigger lung cancer
House OKs panic buttons in wake of open carry confrontation
Handcuffed shoplifter some how manages to steal a cop car, and that's just the beginning of it
Teen Masturbated 56 Times Straight Before Dying of Heart Attack
Michael Aaron Joseph Held Woman At Gunpoint, Tattooed 'Slut' On Back: Cops
Saudi King Requests Indian & Pakistani Muslims to Stop Pretending to be Arabs.
Elon Musk Donates $10M To Make Sure AI Doesn't Go The Way Of Skynet
Interview with Irish schoolboy goes viral
Man Quits His Job in Finance to Become a Full-Time Zombie
Florida police chief doesn't want new officers to be shocked with Taser during training
Miami Beach Chief does not want officers tazered in training
To avoid detection, terrorists purposely sent emails with spammy subject lines
Man 'with photo of gun threatens to kill staff' at Tesco
Florida schools bow to Satanic coloring book and cancel Bible distribution event
Google Translate will not help you have stoner sex in Paris
Ted Cruz's Plan For NASA Is Epic
Vegan strip club sued by ex-dancers
Mom reports son missing 20 years after he left to follow Grateful Dead
Strip club gets neighborhood award for keeping Albany Park beautiful
Star Wars Stormtrooper costume saved me from deadly snake attack, says Australian man
Chicago strip club gets award for efforts to improve neighborhood
Coleen Nolan: "I listened to my son have sex for four minutes... and I was dead impressed"
HLN Knows Whats Up
Is it time that Obama comes out of the closet and admits he's a Muslim?
Police Board Plane to Catch Megaphone Thief.
Gun Owners Participate In Simulation Of Paris Massacre
Parents accused of neglect for letting kids walk freely
Pro-gun group in Texas re-enacts Charlie Hebdo attacks with paintball rounds
Police board WestJet flight and ask megaphone thief to come forward. Embarrassed man stands up
Sperm is 'property,' rules B.C. appeal court
Feds target fried food, juice at day cares
Washington city bans cheese in advance of Packers-Seahawks
Miami Beach cops won't get Tasered during training anymore because it's 'extremely unpleasant'
Parachuting Beavers Into Idaho's Wilderness? Yes, It Really Happened
66 years ago, beavers parachuted into Idaho's backcountry
Dick Poop Is the Breakout Star of the Oscar Nominations
Prediction: All Predictions About Ebola Are Unpredictable
Roman drunkard found on Danish island
Former MIT Lecturer arrested after robbing bank while filming it for an art project
Pope says he'd punch someone who insulted his mother
Yep, Lakers' Nick Young has a separate house for his shoes (and shoe keepers, obvs)
Beggar uses card reader to take donations
Man Robs Co-Worker at Gunpoint, Still Goes to Work Next Day
Rick Springfield gives emotional testimony in butt-injury trial
Jordan Brennan: Teen killed for doing 'racist' Gangnam Style dance
Patient kept in hospital 'cupboard'
S. Korean government to charge for lost pets
Facebook Launches App For Secretly Browsing At Work
Religious leader feels insulting religion is a bad thing
A Chicago strip club has received an award for its efforts at dressing up the neighborhood.
Western Wisconsin man allegedly trying to outrun police surrenders after losing fake leg
Happy Mondays' Bez unable to run for MP after forgetting to register party name
All-women's college cancels 'Vagina Monologues' because it's not feminist enough
Parents investigated for neglect after letting kids walk home alone
Deafheaven Bassist Falls Asleep Onstage
Taylor man allegedly trying to outrun police loses fake leg
Women's College Cancels 'Vagina Monologues' Because It Excludes Women Without Vaginas
Chicago strip club gets neighborhood award for cleanliness
'We just wanted to find a bargain': Elderly couple looking for jumble sale end up at 'illegal rave'
Sister of Paris deli killer Coulibaly is a 'Booty Therapy' dancer who aims to end racism through the medium of upside-down twerking
Woman allows thousands of bedbugs to feed on her over 5 years, makes incredible discovery
Fan cleared of singing IRA songs at Celtic match because he "didn't understand the lyrics"
Man Drops Pants, Dances in Intersection: Deputy
Member Of 'Swatting' Ring Gets 5-Year Prison Term
College Decides Vagina Monologues "Not Feminist Enough" | PJ Tatler
'Hang the cartoonists!' Pakistani Muslims demand death sentence for Charlie Hebdo staff for committing 'worst act of terrorism' by drawing the Prophet Mohammed
Muslim K-pop fans face arrest for being hugged by K-pop band B1A4
Parents Outraged Over Kids Cartoon Featuring Dancing Penis And Vagina
Justin Bieber Offered $2 Million to Do Gay Porn
Woman's family says Colorado church called off funeral because she was gay
'Dick Poop' Oscar nominee thinking about changing his name
How do you make meth? Chemistry students given Breaking Bad themed exam question
Ohio teacher convicted of felony for showing The ABCs Of Death in class
Wisconsin man allegedly tries to outrun police, loses fake leg
SteelSeries' new keyboard switch offers mechanical durability with membrane feel
What would Walter White Do? Fresher chemists face Breaking Bad themed exam question
Juvenile Caught Pretending To Be Doctor At St. Mary's Medical Center
Shirts printed with Kurt Cobain's suicide note are pulled from Etsy and eBay after sparking outrage
Freedom sliders defy tobogganing bans in defence of Canadians' right to slide down hills
Parents allow kids to walk home alone from park; now being investigated for child neglect
Man Files Religious Discrimination Complaint Over Bakery's Refusal to Make Anti-Gay Cake
Woman sues because tights didn't bring her to orgasm.
Pope Francis: 'Curse my mother, expect a punch'
Queensland is too fat for own good
Washington city bans cheese before Seahawks' showdown with Packers
Alabama Principal to Students: Bring Cans to Throw at Intruders
Police: Video shows man used banana to rob store
Teenager spent three years thinking she was DEAD due to 'Walking Corpse Syndrome' - and credits Disney films with her recovery
Army vet, service dog evicted over unpaid 'pet fee'
Teen Girl Beat Boy Because He Farted 'In Her Face,' Lawyer Says
Teacher assigned students to write about how they would kill her
ShipYourEnemiesGlitter.com founder: 'Please stop buying this horrible glitter product'
You Can Go to Prom With Riff Raff For $28K
Girl and Father are engaged and dating: What It's Like to Date Your Dad.
Man yells 'White power' before stabbing another man in a UK supermarket.
Want Google's modular Android phone? Find a food truck in Puerto Rico
Scientists discover that being a goose is actually kind of awesome
Does climate change exist? The Senate is about to let us know
Portlanders Struggle to Say Goodbye To Airport Carpet
Texas gun rights group reenacts Paris massacre with 'armed civilian' - and everyone still dies
Mark Zuckerberg's book club is off to a pretty lame start
Alleged Silk Road Mastermind Claims Head Of Mt. Gox Was The Real Dread Pirate Roberts
Editor of Ultra-Orthodox Newspaper Actually Defends Decision to Cut Merkel from Paris Photo
New SpongeBob Video Game Is Rated 'M' According to GameStop
Parents Under Investigation for Neglect After Allowing Kids to Walk to Playground
One-eyed fish in Vancouver Aquarium gets prosthetic eye to stop bullying (VIDEO)
Justin Bieber Receives $2 Million Offer To Do Gay Porn Scene
Now that white people have declared 'bae' over, black people can use it in peace
"Freedom sliders" defy ban on sledding
Star Trek Looks to Put the Neck Pinch on "Vulcan" E-Cigs
Green Bay's Board-Game Obsession: Competitive Juices Fuel Lengthy Rounds of 'Settlers of Catan' Among Packers' Players
At least in this one the cops get the bad end of the stick
Guy doing charity walk survives deadly snake bite thanks to stormtrooper suit.
Stoned driver crashes into cop car, injuring patrolman, Flemington police say
Verizon to critics: Stop calling us a monopoly
Al Sharpton Calls For Emergency Meeting To Address 'Appalling' All-White Oscar Nominees
NASCAR driver Kurt Busch, accused of abuse, says ex is trained assassin
Nazi-bred 'super-cows' on English farm "tried to kill everyone"
Official blames smoked bacon for smog
"The Boy Who Came Back From Heaven" now says he never even went, he just wanted attention.
Kid Named Malarkey Lied About Going to Heaven
Grammar school jihadist claims Turkish police fed him Domino's pizza in jail
'The boy who came back from heaven' Alex Malarkey says best-selling book is false
Chris Brown Says He Won't Play 'Hood' Clubs Or 'N**** Parties' Anymore After Shooting
Authorities investigate Maryland parents who let kids walk home alone
North Miami Beach Police Use Mug Shots Of African-Americans For Target Practice
Are Indonesian cops using sexy photos to smear an anti-corruption watchdog?
Convicted criminal published sex offenders' locations while maintaining her own anonymity.
Illinois Man Discovers 51-Year-Old Turn Signal Lever in His Arm
Uncle Si's Iced Tea maker sues Duck Commander
Bethenney Frankel Planning to Launch "Skinnygirl Marijuana," a Strain of Pot That Won't Cause the Munchies!
EMT on suspension after pooping pants three shifts in a row.
Mother reports her son missing 20 YEARS after he left to follow the Grateful Dead
Michigan woman lived in Walmart store for two days
Girls high school basketball coach suspended after team's 161-2 win
Woman Reports Deadhead Son Missing Since '95
Shocking: CIA clears CIA in Senate hacking brouhaha
Boy Says He Didn't Go To Heaven; Publisher Says It Will Pull Book
ROAD DEATH: Milton Keynes Council says people in deprived areas need lessons in how to cross the road
College student who 'murdered her newborn by stuffing it in trash can' gives birth AGAIN but says she doesn't know where her son is - as dead baby is found in nearby dumpster
Cat Burglar Steals Four Cats During Break-In At Animal Shelter
Hamas: New Charlie Hedbo cover is 'Zionist lobby' plot
Man gives woman $100 for baby while feeling generous; woman thinks he was giving her $100 *for* her baby and gets police involved
Watch Nancy Grace And 2 Chainz Debate Marijuana Legalization
Police determine man wasn't trying to buy boy; he was just being generous
Watch 2 Chainz and Nancy Grace Get Into a Heated Debate About Marijuana Legalization
Cops: Suspect stopped for chicken and biscuits after heist
'Supertramp' Mayfair beggar who accepts credit cards says: I'm just earning a living
Man tried to have sex with a postbox
Ben Carson Blames the 'Liberal Press' for Making Him Sound Crazy
Britain's missing spacecraft found on Mars
Homeless Children Caged in Manila's Filthy Detention Centres to Keep Roads Clean for Papal Visit
Accidental kissing is 'sexual assault' for Texas college
A Norwegian Man Got Fined for Not Keeping His Promise to Murder Someone
Julia Gillard's former Altona home now a shrine
Paris gunmen Cherif Kouachi and Amedy Coulibaly 'used child porn sites for covert communication'
Middle School Asks Students to Bring In Canned Goods to Throw At Potential Gunmen
Naya Rivera: 'Daily showers are a white people thing'
Rhinos escape from snoozing guard at Israeli zoo - video
Dollar Tree running out of patience with Family Dollar
WTF NEWS: It's Weird, True and Funny! | Android Hippo- Hacker News and Blogging
Rifle-Wielding Granny Prepares to Battle Rebels in Ukraine
Al Sharpton calls 'emergency meeting' over Hollywood's all-white Oscar list
John Kerry Brings James Taylor to Paris to Play "You've Got a Friend" after US No-Show Last Week
Drunk man tries to have sex with postbox
Russian Railways Chief Threatens to Quit Over Demands to Publish Salary
Racing Pigeons Mistaken for Spies
NYC jail officials vow to stop hiring criminals to oversee inmates at Rikers Island
Kerry Brings Paris a 'Big Hug' And James Taylor After Attacks
Ohio woman accused of trashing boss's office with glitter
Biy who wrote best-selling book about how he saw heaven during near-death experience as a six-year-old admits he made the whole thing up
The moon is a star, according to the most amazing QVC clip ever
Two held for killing, eating Labrador
Florida police department caught using African American mug shots for target practice
Car Crashes Into Storefront Of Building With Prominent Billboard Advising Pedestrians The Dangers Of "Distracted Walking"
For Homeless Women, Getting Their Period Is One Of The Most Difficult Challenges
Man jailed for shooting dead friend wearing 'bullet-proof' vest
Babies on beer bottles? New Hampshire considers label change.
Man who swam in endangered snail pool because 'God' told him to gets $4,500 in fines
Camels' bid for freedom causes traffic chaos
Thrown Cocaine Landed On Hood Of Police Car
Man caught trying to have sex with postbox
Kerry offers 'big hug' to Paris after attacks
Man will face court after "trying to buy girl from mother" at shopping centre
MySpace Attracts 51m Users a Month, Thanks to 'Throwback Thursday'
When Does Unwanted Sex Become Rape
Boy Admits He Didn't Actually Go to Heaven, Publisher Pulls His Book
Reports: North Miami Beach Police Use Mugshots for Target Practice
My Star Wars suit saved me from deadly snakebite
John Kerry Decides The Best Way To Apologize To France Is To Have James Taylor Perform
Little Boy Who Claimed to Die and Visit Heaven Admits He Made It Up
A man who accidentally shot his friend dead while testing if his bullet-proof vest worked has been jailed
Watch John Kerry apologize to France by having James Taylor sing "You've Got a Friend"
Ron Paul Institute Publishes a Charlie Hebdo 'False Flag' Piece
Chris Brown's Probation Got Revoked Because People Keep Getting Shot A... Turns Out That 'Dick Poop' Wasn't The Only Flub Among This Year's Osca... 'The Boy Who Came Back From Heaven' Admits That He Didn't Actually Die And Go To Heaven
That time John Kerry got James Taylor to sing 'You've got a friend' to France
Alex Malarkey, 'The Boy Who Came Back From Heaven,' Admits He Made It All Up
This Argument About Whether the Moon Is a Planet or a Star Will Make You Rethink Everything
Canadians rally for their right to toboggan
Scottish man beats masturbating rap with air ukulele defense
Hartland woman allegedly choked daughter over parenting skills dispute
Scottish musician cleared of masturbating in public view, claims he was playing air ukulele
Kerry Brings James Taylor to Serenade French With 'You've Got a Friend'
UK Music Venues Ban Selfie Sticks
Ladies first? SMU prof wants classroom rule that women should speak first in class, public events.
Ex-Japan PM makes musical debut - in drag
What House Speaker John Boehner (Rep) Thinks Of President Obama's Politics - Illustrated In 12 Gifs Of Taylor Swift
Rugby stars' assault trial told of 'Batman punch'
Intern quits Wall Street firm Lazard Asset Management to become porn star 'Veronica Vain'
Colorado Pastor Halts Funeral - 15 Minutes In - Because Deceased Was A Lesbian
Schools Ask Students to be Armed with Canned Food in Case of School Shooting
College Decides Vagina Monologues 'Not Feminist Enough'
Man Says Parkinson's Drug Made Him Addicted to Gambling and Gay Sex.
White vaginas banned for Ivy League production of Vagina Monologues
New club in Brisbane, Australia formed for men with a penis over seven inches long. Membership includes mobile app to definitely prove you're a member.
Bestseller pulled after 6-year-old, Alex Malarkey, admits he didn't go to heaven
John Boehner's staff is using Taylor Swift GIFs to attack Obama
German town wants to house refugees in an old concentration camp
John Kerry Brings James Taylor to Paris, Sings 'You've Got a Friend'
Police dog gets promotion - to detective
Seattle Seahawks-loving city manager bans cheese ahead of Green Bay Packers game
ShipYourEnemiesGlitter.com is already for sale. 'I'm sick of dealing with it,' site's founder says
Mi GOP National Committeeman Posts White Pride article: Blacks are different by almost any measure to all other people. They cannot reason as well. They cannot communicate as well. They cannot control their impulses as well. They are a threat to all who cross their paths, black and non-black alike.
Man tries ambush paternity test, fails
Stockholm to get 'gender equal' snow ploughs
Minor-league golfer suspended 1 year for doping
Saudi blogger's second flogging delayed to allow wounds to heal
A&M researcher says cats are good at sleeping
Kurt Busch testifies ex-girlfriend a 'trained assassin' who returned from mission in blood-splattered gown
Lawyer persuades jury that accused bank robber, 66, simply wanted to open an account
Cops: Man tries ambush paternity test, fails
'I've been called a lot worse': Dick Pope responds to 'Dick Poop' name calling after AMPAS president Cheryl Boone Isaacs flubs at Oscars nomination reading
Craft beer bellies threaten hipster waistlines
Middle East is most violent area in the world for Christians, report says
$3 million lottery ticket found in dog's Christmas stocking
Alabama middle-school principal asks students to bring canned food to throw at school shooters
Why are all our children getting measles, ask Homeopathy fans
This Homeless Man Makes More Money Than You
Paul Bennett Convicted After Having Sex With A Mailbox
Mom calls police after son won't stop playing Xbox
Meet the woman who married a ROLLERCOASTER called Bruce - their relationship has its ups and downs
12 Taylor Swift Reactions to Obama's Free College Idea
Accused bank robber, 66, was simply trying to open an account, his lawyer argues
The NFL's Most Perplexing Trash Talker
Apache Helicopter Attacked By Dragon
9-year-old grows 22 pound cabbage, gets $1K scholarship
Boy Who Came Back from Heaven admits he made up memoir
From 'Momma's Boy' to Wannabe Terrorist
Fashion designer argues whether the moon is a planet or star with QVC host
The Packers of Catan: Green Bay's Board-Game Obsession
UFO Watchers Claim NASA Cut Live Stream After Alien Sighting
City Hall in Washington Bans Cheese Because the Seahawks are Playing the Packers
Principal suggests letting students hurl canned food at intruders
Stuffed Crocodile Head Served to Wedding Guests in China
Obama and Cameron continue their 'bromance'
Brisbane club The 7th requires members' members to measure more than seven inches
QVC host: I believe the moon is a star
18-Year-Old Opens Up About Dating Her Biological Father
Mountie takes woman home from jail to 'pursue a personal relationship'
Turkish military says MIT shipped weapons to al-Qaeda - Al-Monitor
Taylor Swift: John Boehner's Secret Weapon Against Obama
Jury rules in favor of Rick Springfield in butt-injury trial
Waiting in line to shop is now a profession in Venezuela
Why would anyone want an eyeball tattoo?
18-year-old plans to marry her long-lost father
Waiting in line to shop -- a profession in Venezuela
Mother of 7 released from two-day detention for refusing divorce
Man trapped in donation bin rescued with Jaws of Life
Sorority Pledge Email 'Cannot Stress How Important Spanx Are'
Drunk man tries to have sex with postbox in Wigan
Sound Transit: Guys, stop 'manspreading' on the train
California High School Girls Basketball Coach Suspended After Massive Win
Christian mom sounds alarm on Tennessee school bus taillight that flashes pentagram
Saudi Arabia postpones second lashing of free speech activist for medical reasons
FBI raid Florida offices of Wolf of Wall Street executive and fraudster played by Jonah Hill
Office Showers Can Create Some Awkward Moments
That's 'hard-ass': the new dance inspired by Jean-Claude Van Damme moves
This Girl Just Admitted To Losing Her Virginity To Her Biological Father
The Guy Who Invented Pop-Up Ads Is Making a Virtual Reality Strip Club
Isaac Mizrahi Does Not Know What the Sun Is
8 Bucks County High School Students to be Charged in Sexting Scandal
A Chinese official says all the smog is just from smoking bacon
Two douchebags are selling t-shirts featuring Kurt Cobain's suicide note
Jewel employee robs co-worker at gunpoint, still goes to work next day
January 19 will be the 'unhappiest day' of 2015
Boy flown away 1km on inflatable toy
'In dog we trust' misprint on US sheriff's office rug
John Boehner publishes 12 Taylor Swift .gifs to combat Obama's community college initiative on his official website.
Wal-Mart, Sears 'sad' to see Target go, welcome applications, shoppers
Half a Million U.S. Tax Dollars Literally Melt Into Afghan Countryside
Florida Police Department Used Black Mug Shots For Target Practice
A German plan: House refugees in an old concentration camp.
High School Girls Basketball Coach Suspended After His Team Won 161-2
Gruesome video shows Botfly maggots emerge from Harvard researcher's skin
Elon Musk spends $10 million to stop robot uprising
Man eluding police stopped in mid-pursuit to drop daughter off at school
4th graders plot to kill teacher with hand sanatizer
Book About Coming Back From Heaven Was Malarkey, According to Malarkey.
Outrage as Miami cops use photos of black teens for target practice
'Ship Your Enemies Glitter' founder sells company after begging users to 'stop'
18-year-old plans to marry long-lost dad
Cover Your Pet's Unsightly Butthole With These Adorable Accessories
6 year old's hanging death ruled suicide
Bainbridge Island, WA Puts a ban on CHEESE!
Icelandic Brewery Debuts Beer Made With Endangered Whale Testicles
John Boehner uses Taylor Swift GIFs to attack President Obama's education plan
'The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven' Recants Everything
Doogie Howser Wannabe Busted At Hospital
'Boy Who Came Back From Heaven' actually didn't
Australian Cosplayer's Stormtrooper Armor Stops Snakebite
Attorney General limits local and state police from using federal law to seize cash, cars and other property without evidence that a crime occurred.
A drunk man tried to have sex with a postbox.
Head of Cambodian police says he 'learned from Hitler'
Should we stop labeling people 'sex offenders?'
Christian mom alarmed that school bus tail lights form 'pagan' pentagram
Florida Police use Images of Black Men for Target Practice
If we liberate men's sexuality, the war against women can end
Woman alleges Cosby raped her -- and other Playboy bunnies
After her daughter embraced religion, this French woman wonders 'Did I do something wrong?'
Rikers Officials Vow To Stop Hiring Criminals As Correction Officers
HS coach gets 2-game ban after 161-2 win
Study suggests most pupils never shower after PE
New study finds that closing your eyes boosts memory recall.
Researchers find salmon semen can be used to extract rare earth elements from waste
Local legislator chastised for culturally appropriating his lunch, steps down
Former 'Onion' editor: Freedom of speech cannot be killed
James Taylor to Paris: 'You've got a friend'
Drunk man tried to have sex with postbox in middle of shopping arcade
Justin Bieber Offered Millions to Make Gay Porn
Boy who wrote bestselling book about going to heaven retracts story.
Women's College Theater Group Retires Vagina Monologues Because It's Not Inclusive Enough
Kentucky state senator proposes $2,500 bounty on each trans kid caught in 'wrong' bathroom
Romney 'Seriously Considering' 2016 Bid With Focus On Poverty
US Supreme Court to rule on gay marriage
European Court Rejects Stalin Grandson's Complaint
Spiritual memoir filled with lies by author Alex "Malarkey"
Man involved in Tim Hortons snake-toss incident wants it back
A Person Who Opens Disney Toys On Camera Made More Money Than Anyone Else On YouTube In 2014
Syracuse basketball fan finally gets Jim Boeheim's autograph moments after dying of cancer
China man wakes up from coma after smelling cash
12 Taylor Swift GIFs for you
Two arrested for eating neighbour's puppy
Jindal doubles down on Muslim 'no-go zones' in Europe
'You've Got a Friend': Kerry Roundly Mocked After Bringing James Taylor to Give French 'Big Hug'
Town sponsors public forum for those who forgot to be offended by Nativity scene
A 32 year-old Taiwanese man has died after a three-day gaming binge at an Internet cafe, the second such case this year
Man's iPad stolen, mysterious photos appear in iCloud
80% of People Favor Mandatory Labeling of Food that Contains DNA
Chick-fil-A Offering Free Food To All Gay Customers
Woman Wants Hometown Effin Recognized on Facebook
Man scooped up by California garbage truck survives ride
Alleged 'Chinese spy pigeons' that aroused suspicion in Vietnam are actually innocent
Vietnamese police mistake racing pigeons for Chinese spies
Denzel Washington Voted America's Favorite Movie Star; Same Poll Votes 'Gone with the Wind' as Favorite Movie
Target Now Sells Fifty Shades Cock Rings Subsequent to Kids' Toothbrushes
Man Dies After Playing Video Games for 3 Straight Days at Internet Cafe
Planned Parenthood kills 1,000 times as many blacks as cops do
Israel to demand apology for 'anti-Semitic' Netanyahu cartoon
Obama Goes On Record Against Encryption, Says It Should Exist But He Should Be Able To Decrypt It
80% of Consumers Want Mandatory Labeling on Food Containing DNA
Ukraine crisis: Booby-trapped honey jar explodes, killing Ukrainian soldier as fighting continues
'Men might have lustful thoughts': Meet the married woman who has vowed not to wear leggings in public after husband admits 'it's hard not to look'
North Korea prepares to launch high-definition television broadcasting
Bill Cosby banned from 'Cosby Show' channel NBC
Squaw Island to be renamed 'Deyowenoguhdoh'
New 'Facebook At Work' App Makes It Easier To Pretend You're Working While Browsing Facebook
HiRISE camera spots long-lost space probe on Mars
Boy, 11, responsible for fifth of Shepton Mallet's crime tell court he wants to be a bank manager
'Star Wars' stormtrooper armor blocked snake bite
California Girls' Basketball Coach Suspended After 161-2 Win
Best Girls' Basketball Coach on Earth Not Sorry for 161-2 Win
Intern quits Wall Street to launch porn career. "I left finance because if I'm going to take it up the ass for a decade, I'd prefer to get in to a hall of fame for it."
Man dies after three-day internet gaming binge
Kid reported missing after 20 years
Technology Need Some Espionage Done? Hackers Are for Hire Online
Arkansas officer fired after learning police dept. allows sex acts with prostitutes before busting them
LA Art Show: "There will be works of remarkable mediocrity."
18 year old woman plans to marry her father after 2 years of dating.
Saudi man divorces wife on-the-spot for making 'romantic gestures' at airport
Patriot Act Idea Rises in France, and Is Ridiculed
Lithuania to Citizens: In Case of Russian Invasion, 'Do Your Job Worse Than Usual'
Could Ypsilanti be the Brooklyn to Ann Arbor's Manhattan?
Worried pensioner rang police because foxes were having "abnormally long sex" in his garden
California high school basketball coach suspended for letting his team beat their opponents 161-2
Danish residents of Thisted agree to have as much sex as possible to boost birthrate
Young hitchhiker picked up by Uruguayan president
Packers Players Have Become Obsessed with Board Game 'Settlers of Catan'
Grateful Dead Fan Reported Missing After 20 Years
Teen Depicts Holocaust For School Report Using LEGO's
Miami Police criticised after using mugshots of black teens for target practice
Miami cops use photos of black teens for shooting practice
U-Va. rape survivor, author questions Rolling Stone account that has similarities to her own attack
Bowser Beer Brews Up Cold Ones for Dogs
Woman Says School Bus Brake Lights Reflect Satanic Pentagrams
18 year old plans to marry her long lost father, sources say.
No more asset seizure: Eric Holder bans controversial 'war on drugs' tactic
Feds Spend $499,880 to Teach Doctors How to Talk to Fat Kids
Oregon mom outlines decision to no longer wear leggings to honor God, husband in attire
10 Women Christian Men Should Not Marry
Website ranks Mississippi #1 Sluttiest State in America
Miami police chief suspends sniper program using mug shots as target practice
Evil Cannibal Squirrels Could Make California's Drought Less Terrible
Hero cat saves baby from freezing to death
Grateful Dead reuniting with Phish guy
Alleged robber wanted cash, got snacks
Man fined for driving esky on footpath
Pantless man with samurai sword threatens store employees in Alexandria
Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Martin Eating Food Together Sometimes
'Mafia No Fear' a no go, but 'Number 16 Bus Shelter' OK: New Zealand releases banned baby names list
Mercedes at CES (Consumer Electronics Show) in Las Vegas unveiled F 015 "Luxury in Motion" concept.
Scunthorpe United goalkeepers both break arms in defeat to Bristol City
Teacher allegedly has sex with former student while on bail for sex charges
Another ISIS? Prince Charles launches poorly-named ceramics range
Prince Charles Criticised for 'Isis Ceramic Range'
Man fined for driving motorised esky without a licence
Cop Fired For Exposing Department Policy Where Officers Have Sex With Prostitutes, Then Arrest Them
People are blaming Muslims for Chipotle's lack of carnitas
Woman plans to marry her father after two years of dating
Fundie Woman In Tennessee Thinks School Bus Brake Lights Are Satanic
Woman Steals Television Under Dress in Costa Rica
Britney Spears' pilot ex-boyfriend who coached her through alcohol-fueled public meltdown has been shot dead by Taliban in Afghanistan.
Odd Byproduct of Legal Marijuana: Homes That Blow Up
I Aborted My Baby - Because it was a Boy
Seattle Suburb Bans Cheese for this Weekend Just in Time for Sunday's Game Against the Packers
Police In St. Louis County Admit They Beat Up The Wrong Young Black Man
IS jihadists free 200 elderly Yazidis in north Iraq
Target learns Canada 'is not, in fact, the 51st U.S. state'
PJ Harvey Begins Recording New Album in Public
OMFG: Science Says A Glass Of Red Wine May Be Equivalent To An Hour At The Gym
Woman sees images of black males as sniper targets; one is her brother
Mitt Romney Mitt Romney looks to 2016 run and wants to 'lift people out of poverty'
The impossible has happened: Washington has too much marijuana
It initially appeared as though Tsarnaev slipped on a discarded banana peel and hit the floor...16 or 17 times.
Salmon sperm 'key ingredient for recycling smartphones'
Teenager who has been dating her long-lost FATHER for two years reveals the pair are planning to get married - and have children
Hotel guests unhappy as asylum seekers check in
Over 80 percent of Americans support "mandatory labels on foods containing DNA"
Man walks into filling station with metal rod sticking out of his head.
Blind man dies after trying to warm towel in microwave
David Blatt took the Cleveland Cavaliers bowling instead of holding practice to chill them out
Paternity Tests are Anti-Feminist Applications of Science
Diet Coke Not as Bad as Meth
MailOnline::A dirty mind is a sharper mind: Sexual thoughts boost memory, expert claims
Miley Cyrus against Kim Kardashian in a fight on the internet, Who gonna win?!
أفضل علاج لنمو الأظافر تحت الجلد - عالم الابداع
شرح تحميل لعبة pes6 على الكمبيوتر
A woman jokingly tortures her child to death
Woman Cries Rape After Man Records her in Public
North Miami Beach Police Caught Using Photos of Local Black Men for Target Practice
Miss Lebanon in hot water for selfie with Miss Israel
Colts' Trent Richardson stays home
Fox Formally Apologizes for Claiming Muslims Have Taken Over European Cities
Pope Francis Diaper Patrol: Photos of People Dressed as Officers in Diapers for Pope's Philippine Mass Irks Netizens
Muslim group gathers for peace, faces threats, protest
Strip club owners surprised after receiving an award for having the cleanest business in town
Obama tax proposals run into Republican criticism
Niger protesters set churches on fire
welfare emerges as the savior of the housing crisis
White 'survivalist' gunman shoots black Oklahoma police chief 4 times - and walks free
Methadone Underwear Murder Charge Downgraded To Manslaughter
Miss Lebanon accuses Miss Israel of photobombing a selfie at pageant Read more: http://www.jta.org/2015/01/18/news-opinion/israel-middle-east/miss-lebanon-accuses-miss-israel-of-photobombing-a-selfie-at-pageant#ixzz3PCOf5Akz
Miss Lebanon accuses Miss Israel of photobombing a selfie at pageant
Parent outraged over possible pentagram symbol on Mid-South bus
Rhinos Trick Zookeeper, Escape Zoo
Asymmetrical warfare: Did Miss Israel photobomb Miss Lebanon?
Preschool Teachers Warned To Be On The Look Out For 'Terrorist' Toddlers
Teen plays doctor at hospital for a month before he's caught
Fast-Food Chains Mysteriously Disappear From Penn Station
Powerlifter to start selling vegan Twinkies in Salt Lake City
Here's a List of 58 Gender Options for Facebook Users
Taiwan man dies after Internet gaming binge
Councilor Fontana triggered by state flower
using these two pics for online dating profile. Any suggestions (besides losing weight)?
Radio Station Running A "Porn Star For A Day" Contest Where The Winner Has A Foursome With Three Porn Stars
The Green Bay Packers are addicted to 'Settlers of Catan'
Loose pet alligator may have been eating neighborhood cats for 40 years
China begins mass producing inflatable sexy pony dolls
Miss Lebanon Slammed for Selfie With Miss Israel
Top 5 Funny Court Decisions of All Time
Racist gun-enthusiast who shot police chief four times during raid is RELEASED from jail because cops 'didn't have enough evidence to charge him'
White Oklahoma Man Shoots Black Police Chief 4 Times, Walks Free
Pope Francis opens car's door himself
Appeals Court Rules Bullying A Gay Kid Is Not Free Speech
Debt doubts cast shadow for professional couple with five kids
White House Approved CIA Hacking Of Senate Computers
Lithuania Is Publishing A Russian Invasion Survival Manual For Its Citizens
Lithuania prints 'Russian invasion' survival manual
Russian fears lead Lithuania to print 'how to survive invasion' manual
Texas man deposits 500 pounds of pennies at bank
Lena Dunham regrets comparing Cosby scandal to Holocaust
Restaurant scans faces, lets the beautiful eat free
Chicago strip club gets neighborhood cleanliness award
Cyckust hit in West Oakland, Robbed While Unconscious
Cyclist hit in West Oakland, robbed while unconscious
Break in shooting in Idaho
Homeowner opens fire on police during raid, hits officer in the chest 3 times, is not charged with any crime
NASA Scientists Admit Only 38% Chance 2014 Was Hottest Year on Record
High School Teachers Accused of Sexing Their Students On a Beach
Pope Francis at a loss for words as street child asks: 'Why does God allow children to suffer?'
Fish factory blaze brought under control
Attractive pedestrians among biggest dangers to Kiwi drivers
MTV To Air Programming In Black And White For Martin Luther King Day
Miss Lebanon in hot water after selfie with Miss Israel
Whale testicle beer outrages conservationists
Suitcase containing underwear causes 10-hour security scare in Mildura
Florida Cops Used Mugshots of Black Men for Target Practice
Woman Plans To Marry Her Long Lost Father, Move To NJ
Ancient Nokia lost in Sydney Harbour found after 14 years - still works.
Seahawks fans leave early, can't get back in to see historic rally
Gabriela and the Call Center - Sao Paulo, Brasil is out of water - Gaia calls in about it.
Man tries to have sex with mailbox
Pope Francis will punch your face to put limits on freedom of expression
Spanish woman claims ownership of the sun
'American Sniper' Targeted By Michael Moore; Says Shooters "Cowards"
Joe Hockey raises prospect of Australians living until 150 to justify budget cuts
Arrest warrant issued for Idaho boy, 9, over gum theft
Haggis could solve the US obesity crisis, claims leading medic
Five-year-old Plymouth boy gets a bill for missing school friend's birthday party
Teacher convicted of showing high school class violent movie.
Soylent aims to make its nutritious sludge much cheaper than $3 a meal
We like big butts and we now know why: Scientists unravel age-old mystery
Patriots Investigated by NFL for Using Deflated Footballs vs. Colts
Girls basketball coach suspended after defeating opponent 161-2
Docs in tizzy over 'combustible' baby
WTF NEWS: It's Weird, True and Funny!
Lawsuit against dating site for married people seeking affairs dismissed
Asylum seekers on Manus Island want to donate organs to Australians if they die in centre
Turns Out Exercise Might Not Be A Cure For Weight Gain
Child is charged for not attending A Birthday party
Analysts Predict a Russian Descent Into Madness
Joe Hockey Reckons We Should Pay More For Healthcare Because Everyone's Going To Live To 150, Maybe
Alan Jones condemns Campbell Newman's LNP Government as 'worst ever'
Martin Luther King Jr's speeches and image is copyrighted by his family. They've had legal battles with the media and amongst each over control of their father's bible and Nobel Peace Prize.
Boy, 5, given £15.95 invoice for missing friend's birthday party
Driver confiscated tourist's keys after near-miss
Boy, 5, sent invoice after birthday party no-show
New Study Suggests People Start Drinking For Health Benefits: Should We Believe It?
Five-year-old misses friend's birthday party and has to pay £15.95
Funk up your style quotient this season by heading out wearing this cool Graphic t Shirts from Flazee. Subtle in appeal, it is detailed with a chic digital print on the front for added attraction.
48,000 offenders in Northern Ireland avoid court by saying sorry
Glastonbury woman caught 'shoplifting something she didn't even want'
With Documents:âMossad Were Behind The Paris Attacksâ
ShipYourEnemiesGlitter.com owner selling site, tired of dealing with glitter.
With Documents:"Mossad Were Behind The Paris Attacks"
A five-year-old boy has been billed for failing to attend a friend's birthday party - resulting in legal action.
Kenyan police fire tear gas at primary school children after hotel owned by politician steals playground.
Aşk Fobisi Love Phobia İzle | Online Full HD Film İzlemenin Tek Adresi Filmimdb.Com
Woman hits 3 boys on bikes. Sues family of dead boy for emotional trauma.
Party invoice: Boy sent bill for birthday no-show
Two Earth-sized planets could be hiding in our solar system
NFL looking into whether balls were properly inflated in Patriots-Colts game
Lebanon Still Cannot Decide If Mia Khalifa is Country's Newfound Pride or Shame
A Muslim author says Scorning the Prophet goes beyond free speech - it's an act of violence
Miss Lebanon claims Miss Israel photobombed her in Miss Universe selfie
Miss Lebanon distances herself from photo with Miss Israel
Albuquerque Cop Shoots Undercover Officer Over $60 Meth Deal
Mud bath causes rugby confusion
ISIS to launch first 24-hour online TV channel
Man cited for 'eating while driving' in Cobb County
ISIS Executes Pigeon and Bird Breeders in Diyala, Iraq
Mom upset over 'Satanic symbol' in school bus brake lights
Argentina struggles to absorb tampon demand
School children aged 8-13 protest having their playground equipment taken away, police fire tear gas at them
$100M One57 penthouse buy breaks NYC condo record
Actor, fitness model killed by train as he filmed on tracks
CNY homeowners sued, told they can't park pickup truck in driveway
Grim reading: The shocking pictures that reveal just how dirty your smartphone is
Waterloo woman ticketed for speeding twice in 20 minutes
Carnivorous caterpillars attack victims
5-year-old billed for missing friend's birthday party
Parents bill 5-year-old's family after child misses son's birthday bash
Spanish jobseekers fail exam with answers
Working long hours makes people drink more, according to a new study
Seth Rogen: 'American Sniper' Is Like A Fake Nazi Propaganda Movie
Man dies in Taiwan after 3-day online gaming binge
Man cited for 'eating while driving'
American Sniper Promotes Unrealistic Beauty Standards for Babies
Seth Rogen Slams 'American Sniper': 'Reminds Me Of Nazi Propaganda'
Woman dies from Steelers horrible loss to Ravens
Boy, 5, invoiced for missing birthday party
Male witches tie knot in first UK Pagan same-sex wedding
Chasing waterfalls? TLC hits Kickstarter to finance its final album
Cop fired for exposing policy where police 'had sex with prostitutes before arresting them'
Tiger Woods watched Lindsey Vonn's record-breaking race in disguise
Deputies: 2 cut hole in wall to burglarize area laundromat
Debt Collectors Posed as FBI Agents in $16M Scam - Threatened people with prison time if they didn't pay within minutes.
French teenager jailed for posting cartoon to Facebook
SINGAPORE Parliament: New Bill tabled to ban public consumption of alcohol from 10.30pm to 7am islandwide
Strangest Murder Weapon of All Time
Surprised Iran subway riders brush shoulders with President Hassan Rouhani
Human cannonball launched to his death when safety net collapsed - Telegraph
Silent but healthy: Smelling farts may be good for your health
Dad faces jail for giving dying daughter cannabis oil which relieved her symptoms
Australian Father Arrested for Treating Daughter's Cancer With Cannabis Oil
12 Taylor Swift Reactions President Obamas Free College Idea (www.Speaker.gov)
Boy sent no-show invoice for missing friend's birthday party
Chevy Bolt the Electric Car for the Masses and Why Tesla Wins
Colorado church stops woman's funeral because she was gay.
Two-legged puppy mistaken for a kangaroo
Alabama man cited in Georgia for eating while driving
Little boy sent bill for missing friend's birthday party
North Idaho lawmakers help kill state salamander bill, fear 'federal overreach'
Amazon Selling 12ft Tall Robot That Shoots Off BB Rounds When its Pilot Smiles
Cobb police ticket Alabama man for 'eating while driving'
French Mayor Bans Oscar-Nominated Muslim Film
Source: Several abnormal balls were removed from Colts-Pats game.
Idaho giant salamander fails again to become state symbol
California high school girls basketball coach suspended for running up score in game
A cameraman accidentally knocked out Tiger Woods' front tooth
Gamer dies after playing online for three days, lies dead for hours in internet café
Over 80 percent of Americans support "mandatory labels on foods containing DNA." (x-post from /r/science)
Cop Caught With Hard Drives Full of Child Porn, Won't Be Charged Because of a Typo.
Calif. HS girls basketball coach suspended after 161-2 victory
White #BlackLivesMatter Boston Protesters Found Living with Parents in Luxury Mansions
Man gets served 'eating while driving' ticket
Baby Spontaneously Combusted Six Days After Birth
Negative Reaction To I-93 [Black Lives Matter] Demonstration 'Hard To Stomach': "WBZ also went to the upscale Brookline home where protester Jim Billman lives with his parents."
Man cited for 'eating while driving' in Georgia
Woman plans to marry her long lost father and move to New Jersey.
Man dies after 3 day online gaming binge
Taiwanese man dies after Internet gaming binge
College Cancels "The Vagina Monologues" for Ignoring Women Without Vaginas
"I am lost for words," 5-year-old boy billed for missing friend's birthday party
The highest YouTube earner of 2014 made nearly $5 million just by opening Disney toy packages
Patriots' Vince Wilfork helped rescue woman from car after AFC championship game
Seahawks Tweet, Delete MLK Quote With Photo Of Crying Russell Wilson
Chinese Official Blames City's Smog Problem on Excessive Bacon Smoking
Camera knocks out Tiger Woods' front tooth as he watches Lindsey Vonn ski
New Study Links Social Anxiety To Being An Empath
Man Sues California Highway Patrol For Failing To Arrest Him
MLKjr Day in Arkansas
The Truth: Kylie Jenner is Pregnant!
Veteran receives letter from VA claiming he's dead
Kenyan police deploy tear gas on children protesting sale of playground
Robber's Famous Last Words: 'I Thought You Couldn't Own A Gun In New Jersey'
The NSA knew North Korea hacked Sony because it hacked North Korea first
1700 Private Jets to fly in 2500 people for forum on "decarbonizing the global eonomy"
Fitness model was filming on the tracks when he was struck, killed by train in California
Mia Farrow Apparently Finds Family Pics by Googling 'Mia Farrow & Her Black Children'
80% Of Americans Support Mandatory Labels On Foods Containing DNA. DNA!
Vancouver couple struggles to make ends meet on only $25,000 a month
5-year-old billed for missing classmate's birthday party, parents refuse to pay
Most dangerous iOS game ever uses your iPhone as a Wii style remote for bowling
NASA is only 38% sure that 2014 was the warmest year on record.
QVC hosts can't decide if the moon is a planet or a star (it's neither)
Israel, Lebanon Miss Universe contestants in spat over selfie
Man found dead after accidentally "liking" co-workers bikini photo from 2009
Kenya police tear-gas school kids protesting the removal of playground
retribution for the Sony hack?
Revealed: Elon Musk's Plan to Build a Space Internet
Boy, 5, gets billed by classmate's mom for not showing up to his birthday party.
Man commits arson at local Mosque, blames FOX news
Rejected man sues women's college
Vengeful Man Poisons Ex-Roommates With Parasites
Oklahoma man shot, another hit in chest while getting lap dances at strip club
Family presented with £15.95 invoice for child's failure to turn up to friend's birthday party
5-year-old boy given invoice and parents threatened with court for missing kid's BIRTHDAY PARTY
Man pleads guilty to sex with mail box
Teen poses as doctor at OB/GYN office for weeks
Guy who films exercise videos on train tracks dies from being hit by train
Dick LeBeau may have killed woman by resigning from Steelers
Little boy received a bill for missing his friend's birthday party
Vancouver couple making a combined salary of $450,000 write to financial help column complaining about their expenses.
Pope says birth control ban doesn't mean breed 'like rabbits'
A track featuring Chance the Rapper and Mike Tyson together to appear on Madonna's new album "Rebel Heart"
Boehner mocks Obama college plan with Taylor Swift GIFs
Moline starts "Pothole of the Month" Contest
Jesus probably didn't rise from the dead, experts say
Little boy received a bill for missing a friend's birthday party
Best Man Left Bleeding After Being Hit In The Head By a Flying Dildo
Miss Israel denies photobombing Miss Lebanon
Miss Universe selfie causes international uproar
3-year-old told he makes too much money for Medicaid
Small Minnesota butchers become medium rare
NH Lottery launches $1 bacon-scented scratch ticket
Chicago Cop Suspended For Playing Racist Song 'Sweet Home Alabama' At Black Lives Matter March
Jane Fonda Draws Veteran Protesters In Maryland, Says Vietnam Photo Was A 'Huge Mistake'
The Real Best Rapper Alive: Hopsin
Pizza days boost kids' calorie and fat intake
Fitness instructor Greg Plitt killed while filming on train tracks
That Time the FBI Tried to Get MLK to Commit Suicide Before Receiving the Nobel Peace Prize
Terror attacks drive Pakistan coffin boom
They banned the selfie!
Old people are falling down more often.
Kenyan police fire tear gas at children's playground protest over alleged 'land grab'
NFL investigating use of Black Magic (x-post from /sports)
Georgia man ticketed for eating cheeseburger while driving
North Dakota towns ticketing trains that block crossings
Man gets pancaked by two semi trucks and walked out needing only two band-aids
Selfie photobomb causes international incident at Miss Universe
NFL investigating black magic in patriots game
British man arrested for trying to have sex with mailbox
British boy invoiced for 'no show' party fee after missing friend's birthday, threatened with court action
People are blaming Muslims for Chipotle's pork shortage
Treasurer Joe Hockey justifies budget cuts by saying Australians could live until age 150
5-Year-Old Boy Fatally Shoots 9-Month-Old Brother
Pope says Catholics don't have to breed 'like rabbits'
Elon Musk Wants to Create Global Wifi in Order to Fund a City on Mars
The Sun calls time on topless Page 3 models after 44 years
5th Grade Girls B-Ball Team Drinks From Tears of Their Male Opponents
Drivers waited patiently in line at the Wendy's drive-up window Monday afternoon, unaware that the Albany fast-food restaurant - along with several others in Corvallis and Eugene - closed during the weekend
Same-sex couple married in pagan first
US leaders summon spirit of Martin Luther King in call for unity after police shootings
Sex in Nevada desert costs couple $300,000 after triggering heart attack
جوجل تستعد لطرح هاتفها الثوري بالاسواق - عالم الابداع
9 month old dies after being shot in the head by five year old brother.
Snoop Dogg Offers $100K/Year For Blunt Roller To Join Entourage
Mario Lopez lost his virginity at 12 (But NOT to Ellen).
Pope Francis discusses a personal story when seeing corruption and wanting to, "insult them and give them a kick where the sun never shines"
Dad gets 'no-show' bill after 5-year-old son misses birthday party
Fined for being fat!
Teacher on trial in Indonesia for conjuring magic stone to drug children
Pope Francis discusses seeing two corrupt employees of a ministry and wanting to "insult them and give them a kick where the sun never shines"
TIL an act of congress prevents the Park Service from estimating crowd sizes in the National Mall.
Stanford students shut down Bay Area bridge to protest Palestinian oppression
Reddit call him idiot?
Woman Actually Fakes Death To Get Out Of Date
Christian woman gives up tight leggings after husband admits it's hard to stop his eyes wandering
Australian scientists capture 'alien radio signals' in world first
August Alsina Got In A Huge Brawl Backstage At 'State Of Emergency 2' Concert (anti-violence concert)
Drug-buying robot arrested in Switzerland
Vacuum salesman invited to birthday for a child with autism, moves room to tears
DRUG-BUYING ROBOT ARTWORK SEIZED BY SWISS AUTHORITIES
Flytippers provide uplifting experience at Wells woods
Parents billed $29 for a 'no-show fee' after five-year-old son misses birthday party
Crowe Shocks Fans By Coming Out
Britney Spears' ex-lover killed by the Taliban in Afghanistan leaving pop star "devastated"
WeChat apologizes for accidentally celebrating civil rights around the world
Pope Francis Tells Catholics That They Shouldn't Be Breeding 'Like Rabbits'
5 Year Old Who Missed Friend's Birthday Party Is Invoiced For It
Alleged nappy thief kills accomplice
ISIS Demands $200 Million To Spare Two Japanese Hostages In New Video
More People Have Cell Phones Than Toilets, U.N. Study Shows
Shots fired at benefit event for Cross Lanes shooting victim
5-Year-Old Gets Slapped With An Invoice Just For Missing A Birthday Party
Vladimir Putin sends letter to Petro Poroshenko asking not to kill Russian soldiers
Swansea woman finds Jesus - in her dog's ear!
Parents invoiced $25 after son misses pal's birthday party
Man with iron rod stuck in head calmly asks for help at New Zealand gas station
Pope: Catholics don't have to breed 'like rabbits'
Man Gets Ticket for Driving While Eating a Cheeseburger
5-Year-Old Receives Invoice After Missing Friend's Party
Teen posed as doctor for a month, was in exam room as OB/GYN examined patient
Elon Musk Wants to Bring the Internet to Mars
Driving while ingesting? Alabama man cited for eating burger while driving, report says
Curious and confused sharks may be biting through Vietnam's Internet cables
This Reddit thread of a man discovering his wife's affair goes viral
British boy, 5, gets 'no-show' fee for skipping child's birthday party
Teen Arrested After Tweeting Terror Threat to American Airlines
Pope Francis: Catholics don't have to breed 'like rabbits'
Teen caught after posing as OB/GYN at hospital for month, fooling doctors
Famous Actor, Liam Neeson, considers converting to Islam following trip to Istanbul
2 Russians pour holy water on Lenin's tomb, chant "Rise and be gone."
Woman arrested after hitting person with DVD player
Registered Sex Offender Breaks Into Fort Greene Home and Steals Stove
Gun-toting Christian mother-of-three who made 'liberal heads explode' admits cheating on her military vet husband with Tea Party member
Tea Party Photo Military Wife Caught Cheating On Combat Vet Hubbie
Jersey-tossing Leafs fans charged with public mischief
Florida Teen Pretends To Be A Doctor For A Month, Isn't Charged
Pope: Good Catholics don't have to breed 'like rabbits'
Torment of grandmother in crisis care home: 89-year-old given just weeks to live pleads 'I'm starving' as she begs for food on camera
Myanmar street kids turn to sniffing glue to forget hunger
There's a Mural of a Superhero Gang Bang in a French Hospital and Feminists Are Not Happy
Pizza Wreaking Havoc on Kids' Diets, Research Shows
Grandmother, 89, filmed begging for food in shocking camera footage
UK's first organ donation from newborn baby
Artists Detained for Attempting to Resurrect Lenin With Holy Water
Richest One Per Cent Disappointed to Possess Only Half of World's Wealth
8 Killer Opening Lines To Use At Your Next Networking Event
Most popular password of 2014 was '123456'
GOP's Big Spanish SOTU Response Will Be a Translation of English-Only Advocate Joni Ernst's Speech
UK Man Seeks $10 Million on Indiegogo to Overthrow North Korea
Edmonton witnesses describe robber as a white man. But it was a black man wearing a ridiculously real mask
Artist Uses Naked Models Coated in 'Goop' as Paintbrushes
'Password' and '123456' keep top spot on list of most popular passwords in 2014.
College celebrates MLK's dream with white privilege event
Boy Misses Friend's Birthday Party, Receives $25 Invoice From The Birthday Child's Parents
Watch Mike Huckabee and Jon Stewart Argue About Beyonce
A five year old boy was sent a bill for not going to a birthday party for a friend. Now the friends parents are getting lawyers involved.
Women's college hoops player choked to death on gum
Witnesses describe robber as white. Turns out it was a black man in a ridiculously real mask.
3 Russian Olympic champion race walkers banned for doping
Japanese androids hold news conference, chat with baby droids
Autistic teen gets vacuum demo birthday surprise
Police: Fall River's ex-mayor threatened by man with scissors
Rapist blames ankle monitor for low self-esteem and social phobia
Irish teen rescued from air vent after trying to gain entry into nightclub on Australia's Gold Coast
Iraq: Isis publicly execute 13 teenagers for watching Asian Cup football match, activists claim
There's a Mural of a Superhero Gang Bang in a Hospital
Francis: Catholics Needn't 'Breed Like Rabbits'
A straight 'A' student left a cow's heart in a glass jar outside a former friend's house after he reacted badly to a post on a website that she was in a relationship.
Christian Mom Gives Up Leggings For God
Seahawks Sorry for Comparing Super Bowl Bid to Civil Rights Movement
Miss Lebanon photobombed by Miss Israel
Islamic State rounds up at least 15 pigeon breeders in Iraq after deciding it is un-Islamic to keep birds
Dad receives "no-show" bill after 5 year old son misses friend's birthday party.
MLB puts Fred Wilpon, who lost $700mm in a Ponzi scheme, in charge of its finance committee
Liam Neeson's gun control rant sparks calls for movie boycott
German Rabbit Breeders Criticize Pope's Sex Comments
British man convicted after attempted intercourse with mailbox.
Andy Dalton added to Pro Bowl
18-year-old plans to marry her father, have a family: 'Everybody just needs to deal with it'.
Rabbit breeders tell Pope Francis: 'Rabbits do not have a rampant sex drive'
Spider has sex, then chews off own genitals.
August Alsina Gets Into Fight Backstage At Anti-Violence Concert
Japan to sell talking robots that won't make much sense
Man Allegedly Keeps Crowdsourced Funds Raised in Sick Baby's Name
Biotech CEO says company technology to create unnatural beings will end up 'killing everyone'
Russell Wilson: I Blame Those Four Interceptions On God
Pope to Catholics: Don't breed 'like rabbits'
Teen stabs classmate over Snapchat message
Policemen won't wear adult diapers for Pope visit
New Illinois cyber bully law lets teachers access students' social media
The 5-year-old boy who missed a birthday party - and got a $25 invoice and a lawsuit threat
Teen caught posing as OB/GYN at hospital for month.
Daughter to marry Dad, moves to New Jersey
Woman traps UPS driver in front of her house
Man cited in Georgia for eating cheeseburger while driving
Paris Mayor Plans to Sue Fox News for 'Insulting' Her City
Edmonton man admits three robberies in race-changing disguise
Police close down several blocks over "suspicious" selfie.
Kerry: US, Britain May Set up Scheme to Deal With Boko Haram
Caught on camera: Watch brazen thief steal flatscreen TV by hiding it up her skirt
Model was 'trying to outrun oncoming train' when he was struck by train
Flippin mayor shoots out window at City Hall
Basketball player likely died from chewing gum in sleep
WeChat apologizes for showering Chinese users with American flag emoji
Borgata restaurant honored MLK with menu featuring fried chicken, collard greens
Five-year-old misses friend's birthday party and gets invoice for £15.95
MARTIN HEIDEGGER SOCIETY CHAIR STEPS DOWN AFTER READING THE BLACK NOTEBOOKS
Court house forced to feed pigeons birth control to reduce bird droppings
LPGA player Pancake signs deal with Waffle House | Golf Channel
LPGA player Pancake signs deal with Waffle House
Woman raped by her husband hundreds of times in her sleep is 'on a waiting list' to get therapy
The idea and controversy behind 'manspreading'
Puppy killed when used as weapon by man in beating of girlfriend in Kalamazoo
Paris mayor: We intend to sue Fox News
Man Drives Car into Store, Takes Selfie, Leaves
Florida woman lives on cruise ship for $164k a year
Teen Caught Posing As Hospital's OB-GYN For Nearly A Month
Deadwood Revamping Monuments To Better Accommodate Selfies
Resourceful Woman Attempts to Kill Husband With Vagina Poison
Britney Spears' former boyfriend killed by Taliban
Door-to-door salesman in chicken suit arrested on outstanding warrant
Justin Bieber Getting Comedy Central Roast
Barkhad Abdi, the actor who played a poor Somali pirate in Captain Phillips, was left broke and without a job after the film. He wore borrowed clothing to the Academy Awards.
Ottawa firefighters cut lock to enter top-secret installation
Should Ann Arbor residents be allowed to keep ducks in their backyards?
Woman pays $164K per year to live on luxury cruise ship
Woman Fakes Her Own Death to Get Away from a Bad Date
College basketball player, 21, likely died from chewing gum in her sleep
Waffle House signs deal for Pancake
Amputee refused disability benefits interview
Selfie sets off suspicious package investigation.
ISIS Reportedly Plans to Get in the 24-Hour Cable News Game
Dijon Derangement Syndrome: Conservative media attack Obama for burger order
Man who left cow's heart in a glass jar outside a former friend's house fined €300
A paediatrician was forced her to flee her home after vandals though her job title meant she was a paedophile
Texas Plumber's Truck Ends Up With Syria Fighters
Profs say women, black students should get to speak first in college classrooms
A paediatrician was forced her to flee her home after vandals thought her job title meant she was a paedophile
The Simpsons: German gadget designer builds Homer's hammer
5 year old Boy Charged $25 for Skipping Friend's Birthday Party.
Vacuum salesman moves birthday party for child with autism to tears
Man Dies After Three-Day Gaming Binge, Addiction To Blame?
Police: Teen posed as doctor at West Palm Beach hospital
Police officer explains why he hit homeless man with his car
LG promises to stop your Smart TV spying on you
Pakistan tops list of most porn-searching countries: Google
Greg Plitt May Have Been Trying to Outrun Train Before Being Fatally Struck in Burbank
Rich Texas suburb bans books on poverty; wants to replace them with Ayn Rand.
Riverview Middle School transforms into Harry Potter school - Students will be taking part in Harry Potter games and events throughout the week.
High school basketball coach suspended after his team wins 161-2
Birth control ban doesn't mean breed 'like rabbits,' Pope says
Billionaires shocked to learn they only control half the worlds wealth
Man accused of trying to kill officers with bow & arrow
China: Wealthy prisoners buy 'get out of jail' patents
Pro-Israel parliamentary group in Europe says Israelis suffered 'worst' of Gaza conflict.
Johnny Depp hates actors who make music.
European Professor: E=Mc² is "Sexed," Speed of Light is "Privileged"
New York Mets owner who lost millions in Bernie Madoff scandal put in charge of MLB finance committee
Florida teen poses as doctor just to look at tits
Report: Trainer Killed by Train Was Filming Energy Drink Commercial
Poll: Police Are Still Incredibly Popular
Phoenix murder rates higher in low-income neighborhoods
Exploding Kittens sets fire to Kickstarter
Fitness model killed by train while running on tracks for promotional video
Japanese CEO of a Private Military Company specializing in kidnapping and hostage rescue has been kidnapped and taken hostage by ISIS
New Hampshire Lottery releases bacon-scented ticket
Witnesses describe robber as white man. But it was a black man wearing a ridiculously real mask.
Boy, 5, invoiced $24 for no-show at friend's party
Alabama school superintendent bans high school history club from seeing 'Selma'
Fitness model killed by train while running on tracks filming a promotional video for his website
Erotic Puzzle Game Developer Blames SJWs for Bad Review
Teenager poses as gynecologist; as always, way-to-go Florida.
Portland, Oregon declares January 20th, as "Decemberists Day"
Florida teen caught posing as OB-GYN for month, not charged by hospital
NY Man Bulldozes Home Without Telling Wife
Mars Curiosity Rover's Ancient Cat Statue 'Discovery' Sets Alien Hunters Abuzz
Superintendent says students aren't allowed to attend 'Selma' viewing due to F-word, racial slurs
Woman pays $164,000 a year to live on luxury cruise ship
Some French Muslims Blaming Paris Attacks On 'Shape-Shifting Jews'
Oregon Driver Survives Being Pinned Between 2 Big Rigs in 26-Vehicle Pileup
Young cellist is torn between Boston Symphony and Pittsburgh
If I did this, I would be in Jail for ID Theft.... They do it, no problems....
Guy Walks Into Giant Bear While Texting
High School Basketball Coach Suspended After 161-2 Win
Justin Bieber Will Get Comedy Central Roast, Responds to SNL Parody
France begins jailing people for ironic comments
Female veteran shamed for parking in veterans-only spot
Bodybuilding model hit and killed by train while filming an advert...
Vacuum salesman invited to teen with autism's birthday party moves crowd to tears
Icicle Farming Is Real
Intended as tribute, casino's MLK Day menu offends some
Man Held in Joyride to Topless Bar in Stolen Ambulance
Defiant Obama sketches populist agenda in State of the Union speech
Teen opens up about engagement to father, plans to have kids
David Cameron 'choked on his porridge' after hearing Fox News gaffe
Alex Rodriguez reportedly training with Barry Bonds at Bay Area facility
Alex Jones: One Billion People Will Die If Pope Francis Gets His Way
Forever Arrone; nearly half of Japanese not having sex
Obama's War on Hackers Is Turning Everyone into a Suspect
Author says, "if you buy a Harry Potter engagement ring, you shouldn't be getting married"
9-year-old's letter to Chinese president censored for suggesting Xi should lose weight
Overstock.com is also launching its own video streaming service
California Man Walks Into Bear While Texting
'If you fire on Canadian forces, they will fire back,' Defence Minister says
Meteorologist back on-air after being shot, wears Superman shirt
1,700 Private Jets Will Fly to Davos to Discuss Global Warming
Ikea monkey Darwin's former owner has 2 new monkeys
New app creates invisible boyfriend that will always text back.
Craig Morgan wasn't too happy with a recent tweet from comic actor Seth Rogen, and he took to social media to let it be known.
New app creates invisible boyfriend who will always text you back.
Dean Cain, Chris Kyle's friend, to Seth Rogen: 'I wanna kick your ass'
Violence breaks out at concert for non-violence
Boy missed Stephen Hawking film on Disabled Access Day because of no wheelchair access
Obama calls for civility, then immediately taunts Republicans over his two presidential wins
Jim Harbaugh ate cereal with Gatorade because he was out of milk
Report: Fitness Star Greg Plitt Died Trying To Outrun Train For Energy Drink Commercial
Mandatory labels on foods containing DNA? 80% of Americans support that
DWI, "Driving While Ingesting"? - Man Pulled Over and Cited For Eating a Burger While Driving
Man calls police over foxes having 'abnormally long sex' in his garden
Greg Plitt, reality TV star and fitness expert, died trying to outrun a train to prove the effectiveness of an energy drink
A French hospital is under fire for a mural that features a super hero gang rape
Man dies after friend's camel bites him on head
Woman Accused Of Trashing Boss's Office With Glitter, Silly String
Odeon cinema fails to provide wheelchair access for The Theory of Everything
Syrian artist denied UK visa will miss his own exhibition
Albany Woman Goes To Court In A Stolen Car
Britain's most expensive flat goes on sale for £10m The one-bedroom apartment, in Knightsbridge, costs 56 times the average house price in England and Wales and has been dubbed the 'ultimate pied-a-terre'
Cuba Wants Off U.S. Terrorism List Before Restoring Normal Ties
Barry Bonds is now mentoring A-Rod
The Boy Who Came Back From Heaven, Or Not?
Working At A Dildo Factory Is Exactly As Fun As It Sounds Like
Study Proves America's Kids Basically Live on a Pure-Pizza Diet
Federal Court Says It's 100% Legal To Give Cops The Finger.
Man Dies After Camel Bites Him in Ahmedabad
Music producer gives his corpse to fetish magazine to be mutilated by bikini clad babes
Turkey feels isolated in defending human rights
Mom On Strike For Better Behavior From Kids
Protesters arrested after trying to raise Lenin from the dead using holy water
Teenager falls out of car while twerking
Hermaphroditic cat to get gender assignment surgery
Fitness model killed on rail tracks 'was trying to outrun train for TV commercial'
Eighty rich people now have as much wealth as 50% of the rest of humanity combined
Warrington station bans kissing
Man sentenced for beating girlfriend with puppy
" I did'nt know that was not illegal" is a valid excuse in case of cops
Wheelie bin given parking ticket
'Purple Aki' cleared of feeling man's biceps
Cougar set to demonstrate her DIY vajacial live on This Morning
Boy, 13, builds Braille printer with Legos, starts company
Bigfoot Isn't Just a Mythic Figure, He's an Investment Opportunity
Wheelie bin given parking ticket in Carmarthen
Welcome to the human rights museum. What race are you?
The Right to Be Racist
Couple fined for parking Ford F-150 in their own driveway
New Generic Floating Grip + Extendable Handheld Telescopic For GoPro Hero 2 3 3+
Teen Posed as Doctor at West Palm Beach Hospital: Police
Obama's new tax plan would go straight after Mitt Romney's money
Police: Don't report that it's snowing in Norway
Mom outraged over symbol seen on school bus
Iraq wheat season sows farmer discontent under ISIS.
Australia's Rebels Motorcycle Gang Rejected the Sydney Siege Gunman for Being Irrational
Hungry for Love? Cannibal Cop Joins Match.com
Biden says he's not worried about gunshots fired near home
Teenage boy pretended to be a resident OB-GYN for a month at Florida hospital
Woman leaves $1.8 million home to prized pup in her will - instead of her two sons
Aaron Rodgers: 'I don't think God cares' who wins football games
Oral Sex Performed On Woman At Dead Kennedys Concert In California
UBC engineers develop new way to use power drills as surgical tools in Uganda
Exotic animals 'have replaced stuffed toys' for children in UAE
Pope Francis Says Catholics Don't Need To Breed 'Like Rabbits'
Man 'trapped in a time loop' crippled by extreme déjà vu for last eight years
Google is now a more trusted source of news than the websites it aggregates
Republicans Post Edited Version Of State Of The Union, Censor Facts On Climate Change
5-YEAR-OLD GIVEN "NO-SHOW FEE" FOR MISSING FRIEND'S BIRTHDAY PARTY
Woman fails job interview, then robs interviewer
Russian military cyborg biker presented to Putin
Alex Rodriguez has been working out with Barry Bonds
NYU Student Allegedly Set Sleeping Classmate On Fire, Serenaded Her
Mothers prevented from breastfeeding their children, at a conference designed to promote breastfeeding
Fitness celeb Greg Plitt Died in Superman Stunt Trying to Outrun Train.
Guantánamo officials faked letter from inmate's mother who could not write
Bill: Catch Trans Student in Wrong Bathroom, Win $2,500
F-150 Owners Sued for Parking in Their Own Driveway!
Your Dreams Have Come True: Tequila Is Actually Proven To Help Weight Loss
The University of Montreal had to cancel a study comparing perceptions of women between men who watch porn and men who have never watched porn, because they "couldn't find any" of the latter.
Study shows cold climate animals may suffer as global temperatures rise
Teen lost virginity to dad, now they're engaged
Georgia Cop Tickets Motorist For Eating McDonald's Double Quarter Pounder While Driving
32-year-old man died in a Taiwan internet cafe after a 3-day gaming binge.
Putin Meets Russia's New Terminator-Style Robot Warrior
Aaron Rodgers doesn't think God's a football fan
"Ignorance of the law is an excuse" for cops
Tourists Ran Up the Rocky Steps and Randomly Found Sylvester Stallone at the Top
Canadian Museum for Human Rights promotes cultural inequality with free entrance policy
Man arrested after tackling shopper carrying gun
Biden: 'I like the softer ball, that's all I can tell you'
Advertisers target newborns to build brand preferences
Portland gets its first ever cat lounge
Man Rents Excavator, Bulldozes Home Without Telling Wife: "She's Aware of it Now; We're Good"
Rain sparks chaos during rush-hour traffic in the UAE
U of T student government criticized for date auction supporting human trafficking charity
Barry Bonds tutoring A-Rod at Bay Area facility
Parent outraged over possible pentagram symbol on school bus
I used to be able to hang laundry but I took an arrow in the knee
Wisconsin ice shack burglars lose getaway car when ice breaks
Leader of German's far-right PEGIDA group says he will step down after photograph emerges of him with Hitler moustache and haircut captioned: 'I'm back!'
'Groundhog Day' student trapped in bizarre déjà vu time loop for 8 years
Arroyo Valley High School basketball coach suspended for his team scoring too much, 161-2
Russia has 9,000 troops in Ukraine - President Poroshenko
Germany Pegida: Protest leader quits in 'Hitler' row
Wheelie bin given ticket for 'bad parking' in Wales
Man with Mitt Romney tattoo on his face says he won't support 2016 bid
Man turned away from disability benefit interview in Bournemouth - because he was in a wheelchair
Face tattoo guy's enthusiasm for a Mitt Romney presidential run fades
Woman receives 'abusive' phone calls after Ukip billboard accidentally advertises her mobile number
ISIS Punishes Musicians in Syria for Playing 'Un-Islamic' Instruments such as Keyboard and Lute
Republican live stream cuts Obama's remarks on climate denial
Boycott Seth Rogen immediately for what he just said about "American Sniper" and Nazis
Republicans criticize Obama's State of the Union as partisan
Ban benefit claimants from driving, Ukip candidate's leaflet suggests
Nicolas Cage To Star As Osama Bin Laden-Hunter In 'Army Of One'
Xbox, Sony hackers hit by hack attack
Irish grandma busted for possessing cocaine at bingo hall
Norway police urge people to remember they live in Norway after stupid snow complaints
Sex offender living with Arizona judge gets arrested
A-Rod gets tips from Barry Bonds
'The irony is unbelievable': Mums told not to breastfeed - at Scottish breastfeeding summit
Yellow Pages still relevant, says company
Rapper finds out his girlfriend is his cousin, then keeps dating and having sex with her for 2 years
Microsoft announces Windows Holographic
CNN developing political game show
Performance Art Group Tries To Exorcise Spirit Of Soviet Founder
Jogo para Menina Strawberry Sweet Shop v1.3
RAMEN NOODLES SCATTERED ALL OVER NORTH CAROLINA HIGHWAY AFTER TRUCK CRASHES
Man with Scissors Lodged in Head Politely Asks for Help
Rapper Kevin Gates Has Sex With His Cousin For Two Years, See His Reaction
U.S. Senate set to vote on whether climate change is a hoax
Mystery storms rage across face of Uranus
New York Man demolishes home without telling wife, police say
Bodybuilder was trying to outrun oncoming train to prove effectiveness of energy drink before he was killed
Another Republican Failure: Joni Ernst Crashes and Burns During Bread Bag Infused SOTU Rebuttal
NYU Student Arraigned After Setting Classmate on Fire, Posting Clip to SnapChat.
Man takes legal action after Denver baker refuses to make anti-gay cake
Teenage boy 'poses as doctor' in hospital gynaecology department for a month
Boy 'posed as gynaecologist' for a month without hospital staff noticing.
Massive Storms Erupting on Uranus
Officials In Chinese City Blaming "Severe Air Pollution" On Bacon, Delicious Bacon
DOTA banned in internet shops in Cavite village
trending:1980sairbnb1990scannibal copm train Bed-Stuy Cat Kicker Never "Kicked" Cat, Attorney Argues
Bed-Stuy Cat Kicker Never "Kicked" Cat, Attorney Argues
POLICE: New York man demolishes home without telling wife
Chinese city says pollution all due to ... bacon
Mia Khalifa forced to apologise after fourth man from left in latest video identified as Israeli
Elderly homeowner awakes to find burglar passed out in his underwear
Anti-Islamization leader steps down amid uproar over Hitler selfie
Robber lights a blowtorch, takes money and vodka from Glendale deli.
Survey: Anti-Vaxxers do not believe Dunning-Kruger Effect applies to them
Senate votes that climate change is real
Michigan man blinded girlfriend by bludgeoning her with puppy until it defecated and died
Body Of Woman Missing For 10 Months Found In Apartment Water Tank
Michigan Man Sentenced For Assaulting Girlfriend With Puppy
Myanmar monk who called UN envoy a whore 'could hurt Buddhism'
Women have casual sex for fun, Ottawa study finds - the mushy emotional stuff comes later
NYU Student Snapchatted Video of Himself Setting Classmate on Fire
By 98 to 1, U.S. Senate passes amendment saying climate change is real, not a hoax
'Woman on top' is most dangerous sex position, scientists conclude
British 'secret agent men' to wear wigs and makeup at al-Qaida bomb plot trial
Nice to see CNN segragate their anchors while talking about Ferguson.
Boston Orders City Workers Not to Disparage Olympics
Breast Implant Leak Delays Congressman's Wife's Bigamy Trial
Alberta felon found hiding inside sofa in Vancouver home
Abusive man stuck under Hamilton bridge
German Anti-Immigrant Figure Quits Post After Posing as Hitler
Morrissey Tells a Fan He Can't Sign an Autograph Because 'He Has Ebola'
Granbo! Ukrainian grandmother, 68, to train alongside army cadets after passing military exams, cadets nickname her punisher!
Republicans Post Doctored Version Of State Of The Union, Censor Facts On Climate Change
Snoop Dogg's son, WR recruit Cordell Broadus, high on UM
Police: Juvenile posed as doctor at St. Mary's hospital
Drone Filled With Meth Crashes Into Supermarket Parking Lot Near Mexico-California Border
Nic Cage Will Finally Kill Osama Bin Laden
Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson: You can't get STDs from 'biblically correct sex'
Lindsay Lohan hospitalized in London with rare mosquito-borne virus Chikungunya
Seagull out for vengeance after being struck by cricket ball in Big Bash
Basketball player chokes on gum, dies in sleep
Shaquille O'Neal Becomes A Police Officer
Beard of Egypt's King Tut hastily glued back on with epoxy
James Patterson is selling a $300,000 exploding book
Man beats girlfriend with a puppy
Ramen noodles spilled on highway after truck crashes
Teenage boy "posed as gynaecologist" for a month
Man Files Discrimination Complaint After Denver Bakery Won't Make Anti-Gay Cake
Justin Bieber's cannabis smoke forced pilots to wear masks, report says
Billionaire says America's lifestyle expectations are far too high while flying to Davos with 2 nannies in a private jet
Harry Potter: Draco Malfoy Is Now a Member of Gryffindor
Manager 'truly sorry' for blowing up hedge fund
5-Year-Old Hit With 'No-Show Fee' for Skipping Birthday Party
Nicolas Cage to Star in Osama Bin Laden Satire From 'Borat' Director (x-post /r/movies)
Man falls, rips "face off" running from police
Man accused of taking dead mother into a bank to make a cash withdrawal
British teen found guilty of stabbing 3 women because he couldn't lose his virginity.
Drone Carrying Three Kilos of Meth Crashes in Tijuana
Were street families hidden from the Pope?
Maryland family under investigation for letting their kids walk home alone
Former Maine high school drug counselor indicted for selling marijuana to ex-students
Mason City man who traded dog for rifle so he could shoot his son is sent to prison
Study links autism with circumcision
Papa John's Fires Employee For Eating Dominos Pizza At Work.
Iran soccer players warned: Don't take selfies with female fans in Australia
Drone carrying meth falls near border
Baylor played an NAIA school because they wanted to film another 'Coach Carter' movie
Popular MP Jim Dobbin died during European trip after drinking Polish vodka
Birds Bursting Into Flames over State of the Art Solar Plant
Bravo Network star dies trying to outrun train while filming promotion for an energy drink.
BlackBerry CEO Wants Legislators To Make Developing BlackBerry Apps Mandatory
Judge Tells Divorced Atheist He Has to Attend Church Services with His Children as Part of Settlement
Shoplifter caught with $2 Wagon Wheel offered cops $50 to avoid court
'Burkas for baby girls': Saudi preacher slammed for sullying Islam
MOM: MAN ASKED TO URINATE ON YOUNG SON AT MCDONALD'S BATHROOM
Pope Francis Offends Rabbit Breeders With His Recent Birth Control Remarks
Parents under investigation for letting kids walk home from park alone in Maryland
Did Facebook just kill the Web's burgeoning fake-news industry?
'Cannibal Cop' cooks up online dating profile
Wedding Planners Delhi, Event management Company in Delhi, India
Wheelie bin given ticket for parking illegally
A drone crashes in the middle of a Capitol Hill hearing about drones
Will Ferrell Hits Cheerleader in Face with Basketball at Pelicans Game for Movie
Medellin almost too safe for dangerous city ranking
Indirapuram is becoming the commercial hub of Delhi NCR area
Meth-smuggling drone crashes in Mexico supermarket parking lot
Boehner, White House Clash Over Netanyahu Invite
Germany's Pegida leader steps down over Adolf Hitler photo
Teenager pretends to be a gynecologist for over a month before being caught
Jamaica considers marijuana legalisation and production
Banned driver caught driving wrong way down motorway at 180km/h - while smoking a cigarette
Stop wasting billions trying to cure cancer... It's the best way to die, says top doctor
China to 'publicly shame' unruly tourists
Irish couple invite strangers to bid on seats to their Vegas wedding to fund big day
Alberta Felon Found Hiding in Vancouver Sofa
Michael Bay sorry for use of real footage of fatal air crash in new movie
Teenager Pretends to be Doctor at Florida Hospital for a Month
Judge: Landlords can't stop men standing to pee
North Korea calls defectors 'human scum' in bid to deflect UN rights probe
Tenants may pee standing up: German court
Children can hack into public WiFi
In a Decidedly Aggressive Move, Buddhist Monk Calls UN Envoy a "Bitch" and a "Whore"
Brothers steal $500,000 in sewer grates
Brothers stole $500,000 worth of sewer grates from Philadelphia suburbs
Islamic State's social media tactics mocked by Japanese Twitter users
Tutankhamun's Beard Glued Back On, Say Egyptian Museum Conservators
x-post from /r/Ireland "Should Mothers be allowed to marry their daughters"
Andrew Luck feels "deflated" after AFC Championship loss
Maryland family under investigation for letting their kids walk home alone - CNN.com
Get a fake SO
Denver bakery investigated for refusing to write anti-gay messages on cake
German court upholds men's right to stand up while urinating
German court upholds tenant's right to pee standing up
BlackBerry CEO: App developers should be forced to develop apps for our smartphones
Nicolas Cage to play Osama bin Laden in New Comedy
Teenage boy poses undetected as gynaecologist at hospital for one month
Complaint: Baker refused to write anti-gay words on cake
Man takes legal action after baker refuses to make anti-gay cake
Drone overloaded with meth crashes in Mexican border city
Nobody Is Using Google+
Tragic hipster panhandles online for date money
Man Dubbed 'Braveheart Bandit' Accused Of Multiple Store Thefts in Ohio
49 U.S. Senators vote no on amendment saying climate change is man made
The year I lost my limbs was the most brilliant of my life
Nascar driver accuses ex-girlfriend of being a trained assassin for the U.S. government after being taken to court for a no-contact order was given to him.
Dead Dogs Found Across Russia After Pup-Poisoning Campaign Announced
Edo era Samurai were pretty gay
Ypsilanti Water Tower: World's Most Phallic Building
Michigan's Ypsilanti Water Tower is the world's "Most Phallic Building"
Windows 10: Cortana, a New Browser ...and Holograms?
Alberta fugitive found inside sofa by Vancouver police
BlackBerry CEO demands law be put in place that forces developers to make apps for BlackBerry OS
'Cannibal cop' who described eating women is back on the dating scene
These Stores Were Busted For Selling Cigarettes To Kids
Seahawks try to trademark the word 'boom,' even the number 12
Why 1978 Was the Least Worst Year for America's Most Worst Problem
The Two Last Places Where You Can Still Find McDonald's Pizza
Google, Fidelity Invest $1B in SpaceX
Senate Republicans admit climate change is real, cite 'biblical evidence'
Call of Duty Players Find Hidden, Glitched Gun
Report: NSA Hacked North Korea Before Sony Breach
Another creepy clown terrorises town:
Musk Tips Hyperloop Test Track in Texas
Bill and Melinda Gates making Super Bowl plans
Blackhat: Turning 'Thor' Into a Hacker
The Simpsons Are Coming to Minecraft
Seagull attacks cricketer after being struck by ball
Pro-Isis Hackers Take Over CENTCOM Twitter, YouTube Accounts
Seagull struck at MCG exacts revenge on Melbourne Stars' Rob Quiney
Feds spend $432,000 to study whether gay hookup apps increase risky sexual behavior
Perfect Your Butt Selfie With BelfieStick
Jamaica considers legalizing marijuana
No Pardon - Young Woman To Serve 30 Years For Miscarriage
Ship Your Enemies Glitter site sells for $85,000
Colorado baker accused of discrimination for refusing to write anti-gay message on Bible-shaped cake
Denver bakery faces legal complaint after refusing to decorate cake with gay slur
King Tut's beard 'hastily glued back on with epoxy'.
ISIS May Be Executing Its Own Fighters
16 Things Deaf People Are Tired Of Hearing
Russian Artists Ask Medvedev to Allow Swearing in Films Again
McDonald's sued over claims workers were fired from store with 'too many black people' | US news
Somehow It's Legal to Drive a Mobility Scooter While Hammered in the UK
Lonely hipster Tom Packer sets up Indiegogo page to crowdfund 13 dates
Smart belt loosens buckle when you've eaten too much
You Are Mentally Ill, If You Question Authority Report States
Veronica Partridge, Christian Blogger, Vows To Give Up Yoga Pants To 'Honor God And Husband'
Blackberry CEO writes to US Congress claiming discrimination from android and iOS coders. "Rivals should be obliged to make apps available on blackberry"
Meet Belty, the ridiculous but strangely popular showstealer of CES Unveiled
Joni Ernst On Welfare? GOP Senator's Family Grabbed $460,000 In Taxpayer Handouts
ESPN Analyst Tweets Names of top Recruits, Porn He was Just Watching
Teen Arrested After Using Gun Emojis in Threats to Kill Police
Someone painted a portrait of Mark Zuckerberg using their own feces
Senator Jim Inhofe's recent rant on the topic of man made climate change.
Did Plymouth man take his dead mom into bank to make cash withdrawal?
Drug-laced king cake sends 40 people to the hospital
Diehard Syracuse fan names his daughter Cuse
Smarter people use iPhones - study
Chocolate overdoses kill 4 bears
IN PARIS'S MUSLIM SUBURBS, SOME BLAME JEWS FOR CHARLIE
German court rules that men can urinate while standing
Malaysia won't press charges against fans for being hugged by K-pop stars
Sheriff's Office sells "In Dog We Trust" rug for $10,000
Portland's Vegan Strip Club Sued For Treating Strippers Like Pieces of Meat
Woman told authorities store clerk who wouldn't give her beer is a terrorist
UN urges Burma to condemn monk who called envoy 'bitch' and 'whore'
Baker faces civil rights complaint for refusing to put anti-gay message on Bible-shaped cake
Now You Can Turn Your Instagrams Into Fake Tattoos. Picattoo: For people who love their selfies a little too much
Models bare their penises at Rick Owens Paris fashion show
Grandfather of toddler who shot himself: 'Kids and guns don't mix.'
Dancing genitals clip not progressive enough for some Swedes
Shaq Becomes Reserve Police Officer
OU Sooners fire a mascot for taunting, 'spilling' popcorn on OSU fans
YouTube Star Who Drinks Cereal From a Bathtub to Interview President Obama
Baker Faces Complaint for Refusing Anti-Gay Message on Cake
2 acquitted in Trump Tower flooding after 3rd pleads guilty
Man caught while riding stolen electric shopping cart
White professor teaches 'problem of whiteness' class at Arizona State
Man takes legal action after baker refuses to put anti-gay slur on Bible-shaped cake
Billionaire Davos Attendee Thinks Your "Lifestyle Expectations" Are Too High
MAN POSES AS FAMILY MEMBER OF NATHAN CIRILLO IN EFFORT TO HAVE MEMORIAL PAGES SHUT DOWN
Suspicious package in Columbia turns out to be an accordion.
Man bulldozes home while wife runs errands
Berkeley students outraged course reading includes Plato, Aristotle but nothing from transgenders
Attacks blamed on shape shifting jews
Americans need to have less things, says billionaire Jeff Greene
Detroit man who murdered two white teens declares 'black lives matter' during sentencing
Career going nowhere? Perhaps it's because you're fat
Here's Will Ferrell hitting a 'cheerleader' in the head with a basketball
Oklahoma bill would put an end to marriage licenses
Former Wall Street Executive Busted For Inside Trading Says He Did Cocaine Daily Because Coffee Gives Him Hellacious Shits
Supreme Court Rules Muslim Inmate Can Grow Beard
Meth-carrying drone crashes near US-Mexico border
Man crippled by extreme déjà vu leaves scientists baffled
Mike Huckabee: 'God's blessing' will make me president to stop the atheist 'secular theocracy'
Unmanned Drone Flies and Crashes Inside the Halls of Congress
Get drunk without a hangover on synthetic booze
President Obama follows the wrong David Cameron on Twitter
NASA Will Pay You Thousands to Stay in Bed for 70 Straight Days
Half Of Penile Fractures In Brazil Caused By Woman-on-Top Position
Denver baker sued for refusing to write anti-gay slogans on cake
Mothers banned from breastfeeding at breastfeeding conference
Hip Church Provides Free Coffee, Molly
Will Ferrell ejected after hitting cheerleader in face with basketball during NBA game.
Man beats girlfriend with puppy, killing the dog. Gets probation. x-post from /r/news
Black Student Union Leader: Obama is a White Supremacist
Robots are starting to break the law - and nobody knows what to do about it
Teenager loses virginity to her estranged DAD and now plans to marry him
Protecting your church from the Gay Gestapo
Obama winks, zings his way through State of the Union.
Woman Stunned After Husband Bulldozes House Without Telling Her
Leafs fans keep shirts on
Egypt inquiry after Tutankhamun's beard glued back on
Air stewardesses in Japan claim they are 'turning to prostitution' to combat low wages by charging PILOTS for sex
Prosecutors: Teen shoots himself while eating stolen pizza
Danny DeVito is the Antichrist, claims 'co-prophet' of the end times
James Patterson writes self-destruct novel
Republicans' Own Witnesses Attack GOP Net Neutrality Proposal At Hearing
Indiana alcohol sales campaign manager charged with drunk driving, crashing into a Hardee's
Boston Dynamics' redesigned Atlas robot is 75 percent more futuristic
Active Meth Lab Discovered at Adult Foster Care Home
Disneyland Measles Outbreak Hits 59 Cases And Counting
Anime banned in Russia as a child pornography
Hermaphroditic cat to undergo gender reassignment surgery
Ayesha Ali death: Wife 'possessed' by lesbian lover
Sarah Palin on New GOP Majority: 'It's Not Just the New England Patriots Who Are Dealing with Deflated Balls'
Sarah Palin Knows Who Also Has Deflated Balls
Was Chipotle's Latest Business Decision Made to Appease Muslims?
Woman Pees Herself At Theme Park, Photo Is Then Used To Advertize Scary Ride, Woman Furious
Hiker frees trapped bald eagle. Faces $500 fine and 30 days in jail.
Sheriff's office rug with 'In Dog We Trust' typo sells for nearly $10,000
Facebook has a big impact on the global economy, says Facebook-funded study
Elite dating app "The League" not elitist, says founder Amanda Bradford. She prefers the term "curated".
Tom Brady on Deflated foot ball controversy: 'This isn't ISIS'
Baker faces discrimination suite when she refuses anti-gay bible cake order
Baker faces discrimination suit when she refuses anti-gay bible cake order
Drone loaded with meth crashes near Mexico-California border
Seahawks are trying to trademark the word 'boom' and the number '12'
Exxon won't pay into cleanup fund because oil spilled in Arkansas isn't "oil" - Due to a legal technicality Exxonmobil is not required to pay into a cleanup fund because tar sands oil is not regulated like regular oil
Finally : New Ford Focus RS arrives on 3 February
4 bears die of chocolate overdoses
Man bulldozes home without telling wife
Police: Man may have taken dead mom for bank withdrawal
Millions of dollars worth of gold and silver lurk in sewage
LA Restaurant Patina-Charges $50 To Taste Water
Feds spent $432,000 studying gay hookup apps
"His Skin Had Fallen Off His Body": Man Roasts to Death in Faulty Sauna
Sunday alcohol sales campaign manager charged with drunken driving
Lawyer Defending Congressman's Wife in Bigamy Case Accuses Client of Having a Second Lawyer
Palestinians Celebrate Terror Attack With #IAmAKnife Hashtag
Kim Jong-un Did a Spot Check at a Sneaker Factory (Seriously)
Mother outraged after spotting 'satanic' symbol in school bus brake lights
Texas parents object to 'Lebanon' school
Mother Outraged at 'Satanic' Symbol in School Bus Brake Lights
Hermaphrodite cat preparing for gender assignment surgery
Man traded his dog for gun to shoot his son
'Invisible Boyfriend' App Generates Texts And Calls To Help Convince People You're Actually In A Relationship
Dancing genitals video for kids' show not progressive enough for some Swedes
Invisible Boyfriend Phone App Will Send User 100 Texts, Voicemails From Fake Significant Other
Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists moves Doomsday Clock 2 minutes closer to midnight
Hot New Trend in Men's Fashion: Visible Penis (NSFW).
Tom Brady reminds press "Deflate Gate isn't ISIS"
Oregon founded as white utopia.
First Look at 'Sex Box,' the Show Where Couples Have Sex in a Box
Mary Cheney: 'I'm Darth Vader's daughter'
Hasty fix causes irreparable damage to King Tut's burial mask.
It'll reach 50 degrees (122 Fahrenheit) in parts of Western Australia so maybe stick a wet towel on your head while you read this story.
Selfies on stolen iPad helps lead to suspects' arrests
Barack Obama was asked about his 'first wife' by a woman who took a bath in cereal
New Hampshire lotto releases bacon-scented scratch-off
Hackers Are Trying To Make An Ad-Blocker For Real Life
The U.S. Government Spent Nearly $500,000 To Study Grindr
Big rig drags minivan 16 miles after snowy accident
Man uses puppy to beat girlfriend.
Fitness Star Died Trying To Outrun Train For Energy Drink Commercial
Irish grandma busted for allegedly possessing cocaine at bingo hall
Tom Brady: "Deflategate isn't ISIS"
Mitt Romney: Climate change is real, human-induced, and we must tackle it
California Prisons Aim To Keep Sex Between Inmates Safe, If Illegal
A baker in Denver is under investigation for religious discrimination for refusing to make cakes displaying a homophobic message.
Dead whale found under Seattle ferry terminal; smell is 'not good'
Cowboys fan sues NFL for $88 billion over reversed call
Woman names baby after Walmart..looks about like you'd expect too.
'Blackfish' debate inspires PHS newspaper's Sea World tour
I'm a human lightbulb! The 16-year-old 'electric boy' from India can withstand shocking 11,000 volts without feeling a thing
Is early 2-phase Orthodontic treatment more costly?
Gatineau, Que., thieves steal $28,000 worth of hockey sticks
Young man makes it through entire holiday period without dying
Puddle Of Mudd singer arrested for riding an airport baggage carousel
Barack Obama follows the wrong David Cameron on Twitter
Fake bank, operational for over a year steals more than $30 Million in USD from its customers
Kentucky Republican says 1891 law lets him drive drunk while he's in office
TRIO ARRESTED: Footsteps in snow lead police to burglary suspects
LISTEN: Rush Limbaugh Blames Marriage Equality for Incest
Middleton and Heywood MP Jim Dobbin died after consuming fatal amount of Polish spirits, inquest rules
Dish Network Violated the 'Do Not Call' Registry 57 Million Times
Court Grants Partial Summary Judgment in FTC Case Against Dish Network, Finding the Company Liable for Tens of Millions of Telemarketing Violations
Rape threat on TV hotel
Argos embroiled in racism row over apartheid toy doll prices
Argos branded racist for selling white dolls for £10 more than black and Asian ones
Aurora theater shooting victim turns to murder memorabilia website to avoid being homeless
Man arrested for taking dead mother to bank in wheelchair
Man close to losing fingers after trying to unblock live lawnmower with his hand
Man Killed After 'Testing' Bullet Proof Vest
Mom Outraged Over What She Spots in School Bus Brake Lights
Kanye West Asked Paul Mccartney What Pu**y Was Like In The 60s
The Missing Person Who Joined Her Own Search Party
Get vaccinated or stay out of Disneyland: Officials.
Christian extremists steal statue of Celtic sea god from mountain top in Northern Ireland
Filipino village bans DOTA after multiples murders.
BlackBerry CEO Says Android And iOS Developers Should Build Apps For His Phones Because... Net Neutrality
Man poses as doctor to touch models.
In Texas, a Family Earning Less Than $4,000 is 'Too Rich' for Medicaid
To Keep Planes From Disappearing, NTSB Urges Constant Tracking
Dota banned by Dasmariñas, Cavite, village
4 bears in New Hampshire overdose on chocolate
5 firemen travel 20km to save a cat from a mousetrap
Top Quality Replica Bags Store Online
House hunters queue overnight for chance to spend £400,000 on a one bedroom flat
Government spent half million to understand gay arousal
Winner of 'best teacher' award arrested for sleeping with student
Sikh Captain America fights racial stereotypes
Late Saudi King Abdullah Leaves Legacy As Women's Rights Advocate
German judge defends right of men to pee standing up
Invitation to tour non-existent Sharia Law 'no go zones' in Minneapolis
Six Weeks' Paid Leave Opposed By People With Thirty-Three Weeks' Paid Leave
Kid says he did not go to 'Heaven', publisher to stop selling book
Boris Johnson takes the fight to Islamic State
Most in New Jersey doubt Christie would be good president: poll
Russia will 'eat less' to help Putin endure Western sanctions: top official
Prediksi Cordoba vs Real Madrid 24 Januari 2015
Top official: Russians will 'eat less. for Putin
Incarcerated Cowboys fan suing NFL for $88 billion for overturned catch
Four bears die after snacking on 90lbs of chocolate and doughnuts
Rick Owens reveals hot new visible penis trend for autumn and no one knows where to look
Ancient Egyptian Relic Broken, Repaired With Glue
Christian Mother Outraged After Spotting Satanic Symbol On Back Of School Bus
You Can Sleep In The Trunk Of A Tesla For $85 A Night On Airbnb
Junk Food and Booze Could Follow Tobacco in Plain Packaging Push
I paid $25 for an Invisible Boyfriend, and I think I might be in love.
A Victory for the Right to Pee Standing Up
Rape threat found in Gateshead Travelodge room
Panicked teen hanged himself after receiving ransomware scam email
Billionaire Tells Rest of Us to Live More Modestly
Anger as mums are banned from breastfeeding.. at a summit on breastfeeding
Draco Malfoy Was Played By A Gryffindor
Miss Universe Selfie Sparks Middle East Drama: Outrage after Miss Lebanon appears in a photo with Miss Israel
Police: Woman leaves baby in taxi while robbing store
Mike Tyson Discusses 'Intense' Madonna Collaboration, Benito Mussolini's 'Street Swag'
Georgia inmates forced to wear hot pink jumpsuits
Man, distracted by texting, almost walks into bear attack.
Portugal, which expelled Jews in 1536, are offering descendants of the local Sephardi community the right of return, 479 years later
Mannequin on billboard spurs 911 calls about possible jumper
Nicholas Cage to Star in bin Laden Comedy
Trail camera solves mystery of nightly zoo guest
Japan's Incredible Civilian Response To ISIS' Ransom Demands
Mike Tyson reveals his rap on new Madonna album was inspired by Italian dictator Mussolini
Is this terminal? Emirates is ditching its magazine to save the environment - and fuel costs
Cleaners knock off King Tut's beard, glue it back on
Sports Illustrated cuts entire photojournalism staff
Woman checks into Travelodge, hotel room TV greets her with: 'I'm going to rape you'
'I Will Not Give Up' Says Chinese Mother Who Can't Find Anyone to Bribe for Daughter's Schooling
Sex Isn't The Answer To The Student-Loan Crisis
Hipster Bartender tries to crowd-fund money for 13 dates
Peter Molyneux warns Microsoft: Don't overpromise on HoloLens
Bob Dylan Giving New Album Away to 50,000 AARP Magazine Subscribers
World War II vet works to convince the IRS that he's not dead
German court upholds man's right to pee standing up
"No Money? Eat Less!" United Russia Lawmaker Advises
A 'Magic' Yarmulke Protects Jews From Attacks
Facebook block for Hungary on Notts County page
Teen Arrested Over Emojis That Caused NYC Cops 'To Fear For Their Safety'
Kobe Bryant blames his shoulder injury on passing 'too much'
Mittens The Intersex Cat To Get Gender Assignment
Teen poses as gynecologist for more than a month
Bob Dylan is giving away new album to 50,000 AARP subscribers
Three states make MLK Day a joint holiday with Confederate General Robert E. Lee
Mitch McConnell Cut Off Keystone XL Debate So Republicans Can Meet With The Koch Brothers
Ray Mears brands caravans 'hideous' - and is then axed as motorhome show speaker
Woman abandons infant child to break into amusement park because God and aliens told her so: cops
Man Will Plead Guilty to Your Stupid Charges If You Give the Cats He Killed the Respect They Deserve
White Professor Teaches 'Problem of Whiteness' Course at Arizona State
An inmate is suing the NFL for $88 billion over reversed Dez Bryant catch
Crocheted Shorts/Pants for men made from repurposed blankets.
Israeli's 'magic' yarmulke made to protect Jews from attacks
Kalamazoo man avoids prison time after beating girlfriend with puppy.
Cowboys fan asking for $88 billion in suit vs. NFL
USA chants after game perceived as racist, prompt talks between Slaton, Idalou admins
Silicon Valley Techies Are Signing Up to Be Sugar Daddies
Cowboys Fan in Prison Using Dez Bryant's Non-Catch to Sue NFL for $88 Billion
Canadian Prime Minister praises recently deceased King of Saudi Arabia as 'Strong Proponent Of Peace' In Middle East
Bob Dylan is giving away his new album to 50,000 senior citizens
Man leaves wife to live in McDonald's car park
Golfer's 'stupidity' led to his wounds, man says
Blackberry CEO Wants Congress To Make Blackberry Apps Mandatory
Nun gives birth after going to hospital with a stomach ache.
Doc: Player Was So Drunk, He'd Struggle to Join a Gang-Rape
The unfulfilled promise of the Crock-Pot, an unlikely symbol of women's equality
Inmate attempts to sue NFL for calling back crucial 4th down catch by Dez Bryant in the NFC Championship game
Miley Cyrus Admits She Can't Spell Schwarzenegger
King Tut's Beard Fell Off...And Was Glued Back on With Epoxy. Clumsy curators won't admit who's behind the irreparable repair
Miss Canada hockey tribute costume horrifies universe at pageant
Throats slit, Florida pelicans dying in serial slashings
Oregon Christian blogger gives up leggings to honor God and husband; sparks international debate
Molyneux warns Microsoft: Don't overpromise on HoloLens
Study finds plant-based diets lead to weight loss
Jailed Cowboys fan sues NFL $88 billion over Dez Bryant's non-catch
ACLU calls on Providence police to stop recording peaceful demonstrations
This Drug Lord Owned A Company With A Chicken Logo Just Like The Guy On 'Breaking Bad' Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/tomas-el-gallo-gonzalez-is-like-the-guy-on-breaking-bad-2015-1#ixzz3PgcQW2oU
Put your money where your foot is: Bigfoot believer plans IPO to fund search
Putin to release list of "Ukrainian friends" to scathe of rumors of anti-Ukrainian sentiment
12 Celebs You Did Not Know Are Black
Teen Arrested for His Choice of Emojis in a Facebook Post
Florida company wants to put 'Je Suis Charlie' on mugs, key chains
Internet divided over husband who uses app to track wife
Flavor Flav Pleads Not Guilty To Felony Charges Wearing Giant TimePiece
This Is the Vajankle, a Fleshlight Foot You Can Fuck
Man bulldozes house after renovations went wrong.
Illinois Basketball student manager called up to team
Underwater Photographer Gets Caught in a Sperm Whale 'Poopnado,' Brings Back Photos
Breastfeeding Banned at Breastfeeding Conference
Late Saudi King Abdullah Leaves (Relative) Legacy As Women's Rights Advocate
Peter Molyneux warns Microsoft against "over-promising" with Windows Holographic
Dancing genitals video for children's show not progressive enough for some Swedes
Jamaica is About to Decriminalize Ganja
Homeless not hidden from Pope; they were in training
Kid suspended for wanting to "Decapitate Jews"
Tinder Makes Its First Match in Antarctica
Hero Teacher, Banned From Demoing Condom-Use, Demos 'Sock-Use' Instead
THIS OLD RELIGION GETS NEW ATTENTION FOR ITS HUNKY MONKS (all caps from original title)
Senator's Lawyer Delays DUI Case, Argues He's "Privileged From Arrest"
Court upholds man's right to pee standing up
Trey to amputate middle finger to appease deadheads.
Keep partying under control, Pope warns cardinals
The Five Wildly Excessive Mansions of the Guy Who Wants You to Learn to Live With Less
Loss of aboriginal culture linked to diabetes rates, U of A study finds
Israeli Barber Crafts Camouflage 'Hair' Yarmulke
Lea Michele vomited and choked on snow while singing Let It Go on Glee
Glee's Lea Michele vomits while singing 'Let it Go'
Tinder Makes First Match in Antarctica
The killer algae making Hong Kong's water glow
Cops: Pet Ferrets Maul Newborn's Face while Mom is Upstairs
That loving aroma: Frenchman to release 'fart pills' for Valentine's Day
Nigel Farage Was Chased Down The Street By A Man Dressed As Jesus
Gunfire meant for iguana terrifies vacationing family
New Fashion For Men: Crochet Shorts Made From Recycled Vintage Blankets
Total 'Eclipse:' bus-riding dog now starring in Metro music video
Pentagram-Shaped School Bus Lights Get Some Parents Riled Up
Bank robber with fake beard sought by RCMP
Fans Chanting "USA" at a Slaton Basketball Game Perceived as Racist
Priests in Oklahoma wear hoodies to protest new bill proposal
SkyMall files for bankruptcy amid 'crowded' market for novelty wine glasses.
Jailed man suing NFL for $88 billion for dez Bryant catch that was ruled a non catch
Prisoner sues NFL for $88 billion over Dez Bryant's overturned catch | Shutdown Corner
This Drug Lord Owned A Company With A Chicken Logo Just Like The Guy On 'Breaking Bad'
UCI, fellow chemists find a way to unboil eggs
Cops guard judges at Kerala school fest as parents line up with appeals
Paris fashion week debuts butt plugs in reaction to censorship
Sports Illustrated lays off all 6 staff photographers
Seen on the Runway: Giant, Dangling Butt Plugs
I track my boyfriend's movements because I want to trust him more, not less
Ramen noodle truck crash blocks I-95
Man Buys Lottery Tickets to Break $100 Bill, Wins $10M
Cambodia's Internal-Security Chief: 'I Learned From Hitler'
HOT PINK JAIL JUMPSUITS REMIND INMATES WHO'S IN CHARGE, GUARDS SAY
Brooklyn graffiti artist paints portrait of Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg using his own feces
Man who refuses to end foot massage at Portland State library nets 180 days jail
12 Ridiculous SkyMall Products
Travelodge guest finds TV screen in her room threatens: 'I'm going to rape you'
Alaska can't change name of tallest US mountain, thanks to Ohio
State tells Detroit man: Pay for child that isn't yours or go to jail!
Uber emails rape survivor, tells her it's back in Delhi
Man sued for owning a pickup
German Court: Men Can Still Pee Standing Up
FREE FireKable Paracord Bracelet
Australia Day: "Our police will target anyone wearing an Australian flag cape"
"I have no experience, but I don't think that's a bad thing." Mayoral Candidate in my city
Best Man Left Bleeding After Being Hit In Head By Flying Dildo
Divers 'soaked in faeces' in whale 'poonado'
Head of US state media put Russia Today on same challenge list as ISIS, Boko Haram
Pediatrician had to flee her home when vandals thought Pediatrician's were synonymous with Pedophiles
Cities in post-soviet countries still pompously celebrate opening of McDonald's restaurants councilors, media and priests present, as a sign of prosperity.
The best story about the Queen and King Abdullah you will read today
Incest is legal in New Jersey, and an 18 year old is marrying her father.
The Remarkable 18-Month Effort to Repair an $11 Million Monet Painting After a Man Punched a Hole in It
Rapper Tiny Doo facing long prison sentence over lyrics
Man Delivers 1 Pizza, Gets $2,084 Tip
Marlette MI Police on the lookout for robber dressed as a zebra
Los Viagras! New gang in Mexico erecting take over of prime drug country
AZ cardiologist encourages parents to skip measles vaccine for children, promotes paleo diet instead
Kentucky state senator wants DUI dropped under 1891 law
Frenchman creates Valentine's Day fart pills
Tammy Faye's remote Kansas grave is covered with tributes of mascara and lip gloss
The 5 mansions of the billionaire who wants America to live a 'smaller' existence
Nevada considering strict condom regulation for porn films.
Adult Children Of Gay Parents Unite In Court To Testify Against Same-Sex Marriage
Police officer wins lottery after being charged with fraud
ACLU calls for Providence Police to stop filming protests
Prison restaurant run by criminals named the best in Cardiff
Queen Elizabeth II once terrorized King Abdullah - by driving him around
Woman Finds Worm In Chicken McNugget
Dwarf Stripper Kat Hoffman Finds Love With Army Sergeant
Prison Visitor Says Guards Made Her Prove She Was Menstruating By Letting Them Inspect Her Vagina.
Christian educator claims discrimination after Denver baker refused to write anti-gay messages on cakes (VIDEO)
The Eatbeat: A Salad to Remember at Applebee's (Grand Forks, ND)
Watch a US Senator Cite the Bible to Prove That Humans Aren't Causing Global Warming
Bell Loses Class-Action Lawsuit Appeal Over Non-Existent 911 Services
Disney's making a kids show about a retired 15-year-old eSports player
New ASU English class: 'The Problem of Whiteness'
In a statement, police said they "believe the beard to be a disguise". - Canada
Picattoo turns Instagram photos into temporary tattoos
NFL finally dealing with its most serious problem
Capital One Fraud Researchers May Also Have Done Some Fraud
Foot-shaped radish with five toes goes on display in Japan
Cyberlink PowerDirector 12 Crack and Activation Code Full Download
'We would evict Queen from Buckingham Palace and allocate her council house,' say Greens
Kids Can't Read Grandma's Recipe Because It's In Cursive
Sarah Palin 'seriously interested' in 2016 campaign
Trans-Pacific Partnership Deal Isn't Secret, Says US Official, But Access To Text Is Highly Restricted
These Porn Stars Fisted for a Charity Science and Tech Scholarship
Converse putting Andy Warhol images on All Star sneakers, T-shirts
Japan Is Fighting ISIS with Super-Kawaii Tweets
American student arrested for Arabic flash cards in airport after TSA freaked out settles lawsuit
Drunk man forces himself into his neighbors apartment, forces the owner out, consumes fridge contents, pukes in kitchen and goes to sleep, thinking it was his own apartment.
Japanese Twitter Users Mock ISIS With Internet Meme
Passengers open emergency exit of overheated plane for 'fresh air'
Police: Most Of One-Month-Old Baby's Face Chewed Off By Trio Of Ferrets In Delaware County
Pelicans Fall Victim To Throat-Slashing Attacks In Florida, Leaving Them To Starve To Death
Palin says she's 'seriously interested' in 2016 campaign
Single guy looking for love asks the internet to pay for his dates
V&A in row over self-censorship after Muhammad image is taken down.
Victor Thompson, Man Whose Head Is Covered In Patriots Tattoos, Wanted On Narcotics Charge
Sports Illustrated Lays Off All Staff Photographers.
Islam permits and encourages married women to perform sexual Jihad
Report: Iranian general was killed in Israeli strike because he didn't turn off his phone
Cash with that? Woman gets bag of money instead of food at New Hampshire Burger King
AQAP Develops Its Own Version of Reddit's AMA and Twitter's Blue Checkmark Verification
Midget Stripper Finds Love With Army Sergeant.
Indy mom, blogger begs NFL to take a stand on DeflateGate
NFL warns Marshawn Lynch a crotch grab will cost 15 yards
Bears overdose on chocolate bait.
Scientists discover why thin people dislike fat people
People Have Sex Inside a Box on the TV Show "Sex Box"
Poor boys fare worse in rich areas, suggests research
UKIP official says party should "stand up for bigots"
Bill Belichick: 'I've Handled Dozens Of Balls Over The Past Week'
The Most Watched YouTuber Made $4.9 Million in 2014 for Unwrapping Toys
Driver to Syracuse police on why he wouldn't pull over: 'Because I've been drinkin''
Death rate drops when top heart surgeons are away
Lessons from "League of Legends": Why I taught my son to play violent video games
Dwarf Stripper Finds Love With Army Sergeant (Not the DuffelBlog)
A Whale Blasted an Ungodly Amount of Ass Ham All Over Some Divers
Man so angry he kicks pet Chihuahua, killing it
Wheelie bin ticketed for 'rubbish parking'
Drunk man seen dancing on trains while wearing watermelon that covered his entire head (video)
Portland's Vegan Strip Club Is Being Sued for Allegedly Treating Dancers Like Pieces of Meat
CIA Analyst: We are All Gonna Die
Lagarde calls King Abdullah 'advocate of women' - despite ban on driving
Husband bulldozes house, stunned that wife is not answering his calls
Senator Wants DUI Charges Dismissed Citing that Lawmakers are "Privileged from Arrest"
Sarah Palin 'seriously interested' in 2016 run
Taylor Swift Ends the 'Mystery,' Shows Bellybutton in Instagram
A Twist in the Murder of a 97-Year-Old Man: He Was Knifed 5 Decades Ago - NYTimes.com
A Twist in the Murder of a 97-Year-Old Man: He Was Knifed 5 Decades Ago
Woman killed as Egyptian Police attack protesters carrying flowers to Tahrir Square
'Papa John' Caught Eating Pizza... With A Fork!
'Ukip Should Represent Bigots', Says Ukip PR Man
Can Michael Jackson Save Figure Skating?
Danish Activist Emma Holten Is Sharing Nude Photos To Combat Revenge Porn
Dennis Rodman Invites Seth Rogen to North Korea
Lyrics to Baa Baa Black Sheep are changed in some kindergartens over some teachers labelling it as racist.
Court to feed pigeons birth control to stop them from defecating on building and judges
New quantum camera capable of snapping photos of 'ghosts'
Men need nights out with the lads, scientists say.
Even Fox News is outraged at Boehner and Netanyahu's plan to undermine Obama
Celebrity chef becomes suicidal after being caught shoplifting cheese
Scientists Slow the Speed of Light
British celebrity chef Antony Worrall Thompson arrested for shoplifting cheese, wine
BlackBerry chief asks Obama to force Netflix, Apple to make BlackBerry apps
Robots Replace Child Slave Camel Jockeys In The United Arab Emirates Read more at http://www.inquisitr.com/1705830/robots-replace-child-slave-camel-jockeys-in-the-united-arab-emirates/#GVP5ACZ2gm20b2Od.99
Kurt Busch dated assasin
Robots Replace Child Slave Camel Jockeys In The United Arab Emirates
Hundreds demonstrate against the "Americanization of Germany" (German)
Mum finds 'strange creature' in her can of tuna
Attending church by phone in rural Alaska
94-year-old vet can't file tax return because IRS says he's dead
Doomsday Clock Set at 3 Minutes to Midnight
University Will Educate Students About Cultural Appropriation After They Hosted a Fiesta-Themed Galactic Bowling Party
Thousands of Fish Rescued From Abandoned and Overgrown Mall
Norwegian fined for false promise of contract killing
Arkansas Department of Education to Approve Text Book That Defines Gays as New Species
12-Year-Old White Girl Gets Harshly Criticized for Showing Off Her Blonde Box Braids on Social Media
BuzzFeed Attacks Tom Hanks for Crossing his Legs on Subway
Iowa billboard mannequin startles motorists, loses job
Sotomayor Accused Of Stalking High School Teacher
Billionaires Are Hiring Former Navy SEALs As Expensive Bodyguards
Deflategate debunker: Bill Nye picks apart Belichick's defense
British judge suspended and 're-educated' for thinking children do best with a mom and dad
Crews begin tearing up old carpet at Portland International Airport
Obama on Russia: 'Large countries don't bully'
Times Square Winnie The Pooh Arrested For Fatal Deli Stabbing
Man hit by car but didn't remember
Obama to Putin: "Big countries don't bully small countries"
MILF kills 30 officers in the Philippines
The Wet Bandits have been paroled!
Walmart Woman Receives DWI Drunk On Vanilla Extract
Wale Reportedly Working With Jerry Seinfeld On "The Album About Nothing"
Hoax GCHQ caller put through to prime minister's phone
Dog returns after vanishing from Texas, appearing in Indiana
Texas Cops Jail Woman For 'Walking Without A License'
David Cameron hoax call: Crank caller put through to Prime Minister after claiming to be director of GCHQ
App in South Africa Judges How Many Cows to Pay for a Wife
A jewelry designer in Brooklyn fills her home with vintage finds.
Hoax call to David Cameron prompts security review
Florida police used mugshots of black men for target practice. Clergy responded: #UseMeInstead.
Meet Veronica Vain, A Hot Redhead Who Just Left Her Job On Wall Street To Become A Porn Star
Cruel Father throws his 5-year-old little girl off Florida Bridge while she was Alive
Prince Philip awarded Knight of the Order of Australia by Prime Minister Tony Abbott
GOP Congresswoman Doesn't Support Anti-Abortion Bill, so Conservative Writer Wonders if She's "Worthy of Life"
NFL selling picture of crotch grab that cost Marshawn Lynch $20K
1 in 4 Americans Believe God Will Decide Who Wins The Super Bowl
Colorado woman gets 4 years for wanting to join ISIS
Danish Activist Emma Holten Has Released Her Own Naked Pictures In A Fight Against Objectification
North Korea calls Obama 'loser' in geopolitical standoff
Labour MP died after downing shots on official visit to Poland
Pilot Claims India Invented Airplane 7,000 years ago
Obama to Russia: 'Larger countries shouldn't bully smaller countries.'
Australian PM Tony Abbott reinstates knights and dames, gives first one to Prince Phillip
Museum that destroyed Tutankhamen's burial mask and fixed it with super glue says it can be repaired.
Japan fights ISIS by posting memes
Are you depressed without knowing it?
Reality Show Sends Fashion Bloggers to Work in Cambodian Sweatshop
Marijuana Operation Allegedly Disguised As Quilt Business
Noah's Ark Park attendance projections cut in half
Football fans believe God will decide who wins Super Bowl
MAN MAY BE JAILED FOR NOT PAYING CHILD SUPPORT FOR SON WHO ISN'T HIS
Prince Philip and former Defence chief Angus Houston named as Australian knights
30 Filipino police commandos killed in clash with MILF
Woman injured while trying to pet black bear
Boy 'Recklessly' Tasered By Police Officer During Career Day, Lawsuit Says
Jaime Castano's Lawyer: Prosecution Can't Prove Woman Didn't Want To Be Set On Fire
Michael Moore announces lineup for upcoming festival, says he'll birth live cow onstage
Tesla listed as Airbnb room
Men are less promiscuous when women are scarce
Australia Day honours: PM Tony Abbott defends decision to grant knighthood for Prince Philip, says social media criticism is 'electronic graffiti'
Green Party says people should not be punished for joining terrorist groups.
Prince Philip receives knighthood from Australia
Parents Can't Name Their Child 'Nutella,' French Court Says
Moncler Outlet,Moncler Outlet Store
Japan considers handsome tax so uglier men can procreate in order to combat falling birthrate
NO drinking water in Dallas County, Texas, USA?
Cops 'called suspected domestic violence victim a "f****** slag" and "bitch" in voicemail message'
University Of Alabama Student Government Votes To Leave All-White Sororities Alone
Fastest hotel in the world
Young mother starts Facebook search to find man who passed her note praising her parenting skills
Robber trying to rob Dollar Store after climbing to get into the ceiling from outside fell in front of police who arrived just in time to watch him fall. The police were called by someone seeing him break into the roof.
Trump: 'I would've won the race against Obama'
Police use Taser on 10-year-old at school career day, lawsuit alleges
Last McDonald's Burger Sold In Iceland Unchanged After 6 Years
The beer can turns 80 this weekend, celebrate by cracking open a cold one
COPS: 4TH-GRADERS PLOTTED HAND SANITIZER ATTACK ON ALLERGIC TEACHER
Burdekin male loses ute, forced to use personality to attract underage girls
Fukushima meltdown slowly being forgotten
Obama unfriends Netanyahu on Facebook
Egypt museum admits King Tut's beard broke off and was glued back
Hoax caller high on cocaine, put through to David Cameron after claiming to be the head of GCHQ
This woman wet herself, and a horror park used the photo as an advert
Indie Laneway Festival 2015 fails yet again after attracting 13,000 mainstream people to attend
To Collect Debts, Nursing Homes Are Seizing Control Over Patients
Diplomatic Crisis as Obama Defriends Netanyahu on Facebook
Wrestling Fans Lash Out With '
Peeing in Public and the Risk of Public Indecency Prosecution
Minor league baseball team offers LeBron max contract.
Israeli soldiers are provoking Palestinians to shoot them with live ammo
Zoo offers creepy way for lovelorn to get even with exes
How sugar with a burger could be healthier
'Group Of Kids' Hack Malaysia Airlines
President Barack Obama follows wrong David Cameron Twitter account
Valve's economist may become Greece's new Finance Minister
Man lists his Tesla Model S as an $85-a-night Airbnb room
Stray Monkeys Greet Obama in New Delhi
Charlie Hebdo: Aldi demands Dammartin workers make up for time lost during hostage standoff
Oxford University warns authors not to write about bacon, pork to avoid offending Muslims
Nutella not a girl's name, French court rules
Founding Member Of 'God's Not Dead' Band Newsboys Comes Out As An Atheist
Drunk off-duty cops kicked out of bar, run to police station wearing road cones and no pants.
Radio 1's Big Weekend date could 'wreck my wedding plans'
3-year-old's Santa letter returned marked 'insufficient address'
Greeks Vote to Stop Having Shit Kicked Out of Them
Pentagon creates essay contest to honor Saudi king
Moms With Fat Bottoms Make More Intelligent Children: Fat In Butt And Thighs Are 'Building Blocks' For Babies' Brains
"HATING WHITEY": ARIZONA STATE STIRS POT TEACHING 'THE PROBLEM OF WHITENESS' CLASS
EA Will Charge For Gas In Need For Speed: No Limits As Part Of Its Ongoing Effort To Make Games As Mundane And Annoying As Real Life
Dropkick Murphys ask Scott Walker to stop using their music
Pastor Creates a Fake "World-Renowned" Atheist To Rail Against, and Imagines Him Abandoning His Godless "Faith"
Obama Films Anti-Oil Drilling Video From a Jet
Mattel replaces CEO amid slumping sales
Rand Paul on Possible Mitt Romney Run: 'No, No, No, No'
University study in San Francisco finds that the wealthier people are, the more likely they are to behave like jerks.
Man shoots teenager throwing snowballs, police say
Man cheats on his wife with a goat.
Canadian diver caught in 'poonado'
Polar bear penis bone may be weakened by pollution
Sheriffs Want Popular Police-Tracking App Disabled
Oswego Cops Make Special Delivery After Arresting Pizza Delivery Worker
Kuwait bans dog walking from public spaces and beaches
Psychology studies suggest rising wealth means more jerks in San Francisco
Patch 6.1 For World Of Warcraft Lets Players Take Selfies
Chemists find a way to unboil eggs
Lance Armstrong: I'd change the man, not decision to cheat
Tweeted Bomb Threats Sent for 'The Lulz'
Free-to-pee. Renters in Germany ruled to not be held accountable for damage caused by upright urination.
An Post returns 3-year-old's Santa letter marked 'insufficient address'
Double Down Hot Dogs Exist. Yes, KFC Has Actually Gone There.
North Korea Slams Israel as a Rogue 'Nuclear Threat'
Celtic punk band to Republican Governor: "Stop using our music ... we literally hate you"
Lena Dunham: Woody Allen Is a 'Real Perv'
Ohio World War II vet, 94, can't file tax return because IRS says he's dead
Bob Dylan Giving Away His New Album to AARP Members
Bob Dylan Giving AARP Subscribers Free Copy of Latest Album
North Carolina cancer doctors in rock band, documentary.
Christina Booth, Mother Accused Of Stabbing 3 Kids, Was Stressed: Police
Lance Armstrong: I would probably dope again
Panto porn star Craig Chalmers misses 'Oscar'
Man accused of stabbing Raleigh store clerk over Cheetos
Scientists unboil an egg, and it may be a big deal
He did have a G string: Naked violinist sues police over arrest
Business ships spring loaded condoms to your enemy, your choice of filling.
Strong Black Woman Marries HERSELF Cause She Couldn't Find A Husband By The Time She Turned 40 Yasmin Eleby Married Herself When She Turned 40-years-old http://askkissy.com/2015/01/houston-yasmin-eleby-black-women-bride-marriage-cant-find-husband-purple-wedding-dress/#ixzz3Pxj9hBkc AskKissy.com
You Can Sleep in a Tesla Hotel for $85 a Night, Plus Tip
After a Deal, British Chocolates Wont Cross the Pond
European woman plunges to death in car from Abu Dhabi tower
Dear Letterman, you can have your gazebos back
Dallas police massage foot-chase policy after tension build-up
DNA tracks down owners who don't scoop their pet's poop
Court: Judges can't belong to Scouts due to gay ban
Man Accused Of Armed Robbery At Toys R Us Caught Hiding In Large Box
New Yorkers discover snowflakes: "These Magical Star-Shaped Snowflakes Are Swirling Through NYC"
Pollution is weakening polar bear penises
"Tiny" man accused of exposing himself
Accused crayfish thief caught 'waving it down Melbourne street'
Punk band Dropkick Murphys to Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker: 'We literally hate you'
Police pull over N.J. man in HOV lane - and find two kidnapped victims in back seat: officials
German Rabbit Breeders Miffed by Pope's Reproduction Remarks
German Court Upholds Men's Right to Stand While Peeing
Facebook post lands man in jail
Man Cheats on his Wife with Goat
Ferrets Chew Off Face of 1-Month-Old Child
Sarah Palin 'Rambles Incoherently' - GOP Crowd Stunned, Democrats Give Thanks
KFC is testing the Double Down Hot Dog
Tourist killed as toy train derails
Houston woman marries herself in elaborate ceremony
Sam Smith on Tom Petty Settlement: 'Similarities' But 'Complete Coincidence'
Scientists Work Out How to Unboil Eggs
Rodney Constantine keeps Facebook promise and turns himself in to police
Midget stripper finds love with Army Sargent
Delray armed robber admits he's "not very good at this robbery thing"
Politicians are supporting Comcast's TWC merger with letters ghostwritten by ... Comcast
Kobe Bryant Blames Shoulder Injury on Passing Too Much
Mayor Calls 911 To Report A Robbery, Police Show Up, Beat and Arrest Her
Dwarf stripper gets engaged to Army Sergeant
U.S. man offers Tesla trunk for $109/night on AirBnB
Watch: No Food Takeout During Winter Storm, De Blasio Says
Facebook post lands Mineral Wells man in jail.
6'7" 230 lb Man Shoots, Kills Dog at Dog Park, Because...Texas
NYPD Opens Murder Investigation 55 Years later
Chinese mother sells newborn boy for $7,000
Dempsey Sponsors Essay Competition to Honor Saudi King
WWE To Induct Arnold Schwarzenegger Into Its Hall Of Fame
Taylor Swift controversy casts a shadow over Australia Day
Man stabbed woman over bag of chips in North Carolina, police say
Blizzard 2015 causes kale shortage in New York City
Morbidly Obese Woman Weighing Nearly 400 Pounds Refuses To Have Weight Loss Surgery, Would Rather Depend On Government Benefits
China's Louisiana Purchase: Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal-linked Chinese company set to build a methanol plant on the bayou
Costa Rica Miss Universe Contestant Encourages Widespread Anarchy After Defeat
Soon You Will Be Able To Take Selfies in World of Warcraft
The Dutch Artist Who Turned His Dead Cat Into A Drone Is Keeping A Badger In His Freezer To Build A Submarine
Understaffed Yarmouth Police Service uses mannequins to increase their presence
Study: Men who take selfies may be psychopaths
Pence state-run news outlet will compete with media
Balloons Replace Doves as the Vatican Symbol of Peace
Man-Made Chemical Pollutants Could Be Making The Polar Bear Penis Bone More Fragile
Top Recruit Says He's Choosing Between U of Phoenix and ITT Tech
I'd Probably Cheat Again - Lance Armstrong
Australia Knights King Henry VIII of England
Woman who spun a stranger's son too fast on a playground merry-go-round gets 6 months in prison.
South Korea refuses to 'coax' North with concessions
The Aussies Just Made the Queen's Husband a Knight
Video shows employee taking 24 balls into bathroom
monthly membership 24 hour fitness cost
Newfoundland Suspect Keeps Facebook Pledge To Turn Himself In
Five-star recruit says he's choosing between U of Phoenix, ITT Tech
Cops Kidnapping Random People Off the Street, Forcing them to Be Jurors | The Free Thought Project
Prime Minister Narendra Modi wore a suit with his name printed on it over a thousand times
Tiny man allegedly exposed genitals to other driver on Highway 401: Police
Michigan Steakhouse Owner Officially Bans Michael Moore and Seth Rogen
Facebook and instagram are DOWN....Time to get on reddit.
Double Down Dog: KFC's Hybrid Sandwich
Kentucky teen accidentally hangs himself pulling prank with Halloween noose decoration
Mexico City offers free transport to passengers doing squats in bid to curb rising obesity levels
San Francisco Zoo Offers Scorpions and Cockroaches for Valentine's Day Gifts
Husband Broke Wife Uterus By Doing Sex WithHis Long Penis In Morang Nepal !
Irish Post apologises after girl's (3) Santa letter returned
Fark's Founder Wants to Run For Governor of Kentucky Without Ruining His Site
Democrats Accuse Republicans of a Benghazi Cover-Up
School boots girl, then allows her back, for shaving head to support sick pal
Selfie in front of running train costs three college-goers their life
In 2008, 30 police officers in New Jersey spent over three hours in a "hostage negotiation" at a bank with a "robber" who turned out to be a cardboard cutout
Wikipedia Wants To Ban Feminists From Editing GamerGate Articles
Pakistan cricketer Haris Sohail flees hotel room after 'ghost' shakes his bed
Blizzard 2015: Yeti Seen Prowling the Streets Near Boston
Requested a new SIM card. Half of Norway lost cellular services.
Diver gets encased in whale feces while swimming off coast of Dominica
Angry with an ex? Adopt a cockroach or scorpion in their honor
Obese model Tess Holliday lands major modeling contract.
DEA spies on your every move but government still can't win drug war in even prison.
Scientists Crack the Code on How to Un-Boil a Hard-Boiled Egg
Marshawn Lynch opens up in awesome press conference for Skittles
auto insurance lancaster pa
French court stops child from being named Nutella
Report: Patriots Employee Took 24 Footballs Into Bathroom For 90 Seconds
Zayn Malik Finally Reveals The Full Extent Of His New Haircut
Free willy: is baring your penis the new fashion for men? [NSFW]
Chemical pollutants are breaking polar bears' penises
Valve's former economist is now Greece's finance minister
HOLY MACKEREL! BELFAST WARNED NOT TO EAT FREE FISH
Husband catches wife cheating, posts live updates on Reddit| Latest News Videos JENNA AND ZACK are on FOX!
Valve's economist is the new finance minister of Greece
Pakistan cricketer Haris Sohail stumped by ghost in hotel room
'See you Monday': N.L. man keeps Facebook promise to police, turns himself in
Giant snow penis demolished at Texas Tech University as students protest
Lance Armstrong on doping: "I would probably do it again"
Crazed kitty attacks baby, forces family to call 911 - KPTV
Russian Woman Eats a Pig to Avoid Paying Child Support
Realpolitik made a comeback in 2014
Finally Cleared of Murder, Man Dies in Car Wreck
Charter bus driver leads Austin police on chase, prompts SWAT
Chinese officials feasted on endangered salamander, then beat journalists: report
Exclusive: politicians are supporting Comcast's TWC merger with letters ghostwritten by Comcast
Hamas Warns: Give Us Money Or We'll Become Terrorists
FBI recovers 6 minors, arrests 2 in Denver Stock Show sex trade sting
In hindsight, Bill Cosby's old books on love, sex and family are incredibly creepy
I was bashed with a dildo by man in leather mask
Wikileaks staffers are SHOCKED that FBI read their Gmail
Heavy metal producer's corpse to be mutilated by models as per his dying wish
Divers caught in sperm whale's giant underwater poo cloud
Horse Theft Still Alive in Montana
Man accused of having sex with Shetland pony smelled 'strongly of horses'
EXCLUSIVE: Jimmy McMillan of 'The Rent Is Too Damn High' receives eviction notice
Pennsylvania man shoots 15-year-old boy multiple times for throwing snowballs at his car
REPORT: Woman didn't think truck was 'that stolen'
Tom DeLonge Unaware He Was Still A Member of Blink-182
Muslim Sex Groomer was Unaware UK Didn't Allow Raping 13-Year-Olds
Butte Woman Scammed Trying to Purchase Monkey Online
Guantanamo's Detainee Library Won't Carry a Guantanamo Detainee's Acclaimed New Book
CUNY: Don't Address Students as 'Mr.' or 'Ms.'
Pennsylvania couple charged with child endangerment after pet ferrets chew off baby's nose
Peer: ISIS Gains "Entirely Due" to WhatsApp or Snapchat
The "Rent is too damn high" guy is evicted for illegally subletting his rent-controlled apartment
China police suspended after dining on enormous salamander
Report finds that requiring kindergarteners to read could be harmful
Dublin school cancels workshop on homophobic bullying, saying "both sides should be represented"
Woman drowns puppy in U.S. airport toilet so she could board plane
Lance Armstrong: I'd probably dope again
Man accused of having sex with a Shetland pony was found 'smelling strongly of horses'
Christian blogger stops wearing leggings that cause 'lustful thoughts'
Meteorologists apologize for Northeast blizzard forecast
Weatherman Fred taught Stone Roses frontman how to masturbate
Wal-Mart Heiress Worth $5 Billion Wants $90,000 For Damage To Her 'Cherished' Tree
Google's intentions are good, but implementation leave MORE users vulnerable to hacking than before
Two cadets are shot minutes after being sworn in as police officers.
Aryan Brotherhood member charged with felony in $6 Hot Pockets theft
Benedict Cumberbatch apologises after calling black actors 'coloured'
East Bay Dispatchers Kindly Ask That You Stop Calling 911 When Facebook Goes Down
2 Chainz Announces Plans To Run For Mayor Of Hometown
PDX carpet: Workers start tearing up beloved flooring; fans will have shot at mementos
NYPD investigating murder of man who died more than a half-century after he was stabbed
Ryan Leaf, a month out of prison, breaks Twitter silence to weigh in on Deflategate
Man Who Crashed Drone at White House Was Drinking, Officials Say
Man found guilty in beer-pong sex-assault case
LATimes: Katy Perry is a Satanic Witch, leading America to hell through the Super Bowl halftime show. Also, Illuminati
WHY A FAKE ARTICLE TITLED "CUCKOO FOR COCOA PUFFS?" WAS ACCEPTED BY 17 MEDICAL JOURNALS
Marshawn Lynch finally participates in press conference ... for Skittles
GOP drops 'civil rights and human rights' from subcommittee name
New Yorkers Lose Their Shot About Having Enough Kale to Survive Snowmageddon
Selfies declared a sin by muslim cleric
Irish school cancels homophobic bullying workshop; claims 'both sides' of the issue should be heard
World of Warcraft patch 6.1 adds selfies to Blizzard MMO
A Romance With A Long Interruption
University offers 'Wasting Time on the Internet' class
World of Warcraft gets a selfie camera, Instagram-style filters
German court stands up for urination rights
UFO Sightings Are Increasing Because People Can't Tell Them Apart From Drones
i Critics: Internal memo reveals shocking bias of top justice officials
Oklahoma GOP wants to restrict marriage to people of faith
Barack Obama chews gum as parade marches on
Stone Roses singer Ian Brown 'was taught to masturbate' by TV weatherman Fred Talbot
Stone Roses star Ian Brown 'taught to masturbate' by Fred the Weatherman
Man high on pot, meth, crack wielded ax outside Snellville theater
Byron Scott really wants Lakers rookies to take care of their fake babies
WORLD OF WARCRAFT PATCH GIVES YOU SELFIES AND INSTAGRAM-LIKE FILTERS
Burglar steals $4,000 in barbecue
University Signs Slavic Languages Professor to Five Year, $52 Million Contract
Mr. Incredible convicted of attacking Batgirl on Hollywood Boulevard
Officials Say Drinking Played Role in White House Drone Crash
France Announces Plans To Hold The Internet Responsible For Terrorism
Miracle cat claws its way out of its own grave five days after being buried
GOP State Senator Argues He Can Legally Drive Drunk
Family rescues boy who fell into Denny's grease pit
The Seattle Seahawks Want To Trademark The Number 12
Why I breastfed my son until he was 3
Lil B Will Sit Courtside and Distract Kevin Durant If the Warriors Take on the Thunder in the Playoffs
FUNNIEST BEACH FAILS (11 IMAGES)
Will computers be wiped out on 19 January 2038? Outdated PC systems will not be able to cope with time and date, experts warn
Man who crashed drone into White House was reportedly drunk
Drunken spy satellite agency employee crashed drone on White House lawn
This is real. Meet KFC's Latest Fast Food Abomination, The 'Double Down Dog'
Mother gives birth to 19-yr-old son
The Pentagon Is Holding an Essay Contest to Honor Saudi Arabia's Brutal King. Here's Our Entry.
Wardrobe Malfunctions , An image with friends at beach
Woman drowns her puppy in bathroom because it was not allowed to board the airplane.
Yankee Candle Now Selling Girl Scout Cookies Limited Edition Candles
Inflatable Life-Size 'My Little Pony' Doll Arousing Controversy With Bronies (NSFW)
I Think People Without Kids Have Empty Lives And I'm Not Sorry About It
Adam Sandler reveals his first Netflix movie - already 2015's worst film.
Stone Roses Singer Ian Brown 'Taught To Masturbate By TV Weatherman Fred Talbot'
White House Drone Crash Is Tied to Drunken Spy Agency Employee
Marshawn Lynch Repeats "I'm Here So I Don't Get Fined" for 5 Minutes at Super Bowl Media Day
Bishops Freak Out After Catholic Hospitals Consider Giving Equal Rights To Gay People
So apparently Florida has decided to remind the world that its a giant Indian burial ground
Woman Jailed For Spinning Kid Too Fast
A drunk intelligence worker crashed that drone near the White House
Costa Rican Surfers Bundle Up as Snowmageddon Blows Ashore
Mars Rover Photo Shows 'Human Shadow,' Or Maybe It Doesn't
Wisconsin authorities bust suspected cockfight operation
This Image received Most hits
why this colabeli tea
Asda criminals steal DVDs by posting them to themselves - from INSIDE the store
Mother injected feces into ill son's IV
Bryan Ferry's son Merlin takes his first steps since horrific car crash as brother Otis reveals 'curry is his motivation'
Huckabee Couldn't Deal With Women At Fox News Who Swore In The Office
Zombie Cat: Buried Kitty Believed Dead, Meows Back to Life
MILF massacres 49 members of PNP-SAF
Family Poisoned Themselves Because They Feared 'Pending Apocalypse,' Examiners Find
Utah parents who killed selves, children feared apocalypse
'Fifty Shades of Grey' Teddy Bear Comes Equipped with Handcuffs and Bondage Mask
Once again Florida reminds the world that it is in fact actually a giant Indian burial ground
The [] police told me they were going to prosecute me for the dick. They were going to charge me with 'sexual materials and performances'. I wasn't performing with the big black dick, I didn't want that dick on my garage, I didn't put that black dick there
Benedict Cumberbatch Apologizes for Calling Black Actors "Colored"
'Fifty Shades of Grey' bear wants to 'dominate' V-Day
New York man bulldozes house without telling wife, obtaining permits, or shutting off utilities
Cops: Middletown Man Took Bulldozer To Wife's House Without Permission
Sarasota the 'sexiest small city in America'
GoDaddy pulls Super Bowl ad after animal rights activists call it "cruel"
Taylor Swift Finally Reveals Her Belly Button In A Bikini Because She's Fearless
Arlington Police arrest woman for assaulting neighbor with snowblower during Winter Storm Juno
Man launches campaign to divide Washington in half
US Intelligence Employee Crashed Drone on White House Grounds
Man dies after fire inside portable toilet
"Rent Is Too Damn High Guy" Ordered Out Of Rent Stabilized East Village Apartment
'Rent Too High' candidate facing eviction
Mr. Incredible convicted in Hollywood Boulevard brawl with Batgirl
Men more open to feminism when it's paired with a photo of Canadian actor Ryan Gosling: study
Turkmenistan: Black cars 'banned' by customs officials
Climate-change denier given top Brazilian science job
Two weeks after Zuckerberg said 'je suis Charlie,' Facebook begins censoring images of prophet Muhammad
Greece's new finance minister Yanis Varoufakis is Valve's former Steam Market economist
'Rent is Too Damn High' Candidate Facing Eviction in New York
Autopsies: Strack family members died of drug toxicity; police say parents were concerned about 'impending doom'
Sally Kern: "Homosexuality is more dangerous than terrorism", filed bill to allow business to refuse service to LGBT
Clerk Found Innocent In Salting Policeman's Hoagie
Woman told she can't bring puppy onto plane, drowns it in airport bathroom, authorities claim
Can LSD make you a billionaire?
Cop Shot In Head Keeps Pursuing Criminal On Camera
Hinton village considers 'no sex' warning signs
Man who had sex with vomiting teen who killed herself after he shared picture avoids jail
Cat to have gender reassignment surgery
DISPATCHER: Please Don't Call 911 When Facebook & Instagram Stop Working
Taiwan will fine parents $1600 for letting their kids binge on smartphones
Taiwanese girl tries to kill cockroach with fire, accidentally blows up toilet
Alabama Police Officer Handcuffed, Maced Fellow Officer In Front Of Confused Mayor
Dentist practiced lewd yoga - twice
East Bay Dispatchers Ask That Residents Stop Calling 911 When Facebook Goes Down
Group selfies could lead to the spread of lice
Indonesian cleric declares selfies sinful under Islamic law
Student hospitalised after sitting on pencil on first day back at school
Wife of India's leader holds out hope he'll call
U.S. woman drowns puppy in toilet to get on plane: Report
Apple posts $18 billion profit, the largest in its history
Man with Emirates tattoo enjoys $25,000 of free upgrades
The free age gap dating site for older women dating younger men or older men dating younger women
How a typo destroyed a 124-year-old company
Passenger 'scared cabbie to death'
Real Madrid's Santiago Bernabéu stadium set to be renamed Abu Dhabi Bernabéu (X-post from /r/soccer)
Real Madrid's Santiago Bernabéu stadium set to be renamed Abu Dhabi Bernabéu
Smartphone makes Ontario teen go temporarily blind.
Pastor who claims Startbucks put semen in coffee admits he's been 'tempted' by the gay lifestyle
Horses rescued after falling through swimming pool ice.
Paul McCartney may be co-producing Kanye West entire album.
Israeli Group Says Military Attacks on Palestinian Homes Appeared to Violate Law
So Far, No One Has Rented the Tesla Model S 'Hotel Room' on Airbnb
Russian lawmakers mull statement condemning GDR's annexation by FRG in 1989
Google Fixes Homophobic "Bug" in its Translator
School cancels homophobic bullying workshop because 'both sides should be represented'
College girl murders senior citizen with axe because she "just wanted to kill someone"
3 tons of living cats caught on way from China to Vietnamese restaurants | Society
Gym floor feces leads to partial strip-search of Texas elementary kids
Zombie cat Bart emerges from grave 5 days after burial
Guess! why it fails?
Gwyneth Paltrow says steam your vagina, an OB/GYN says don't
Italian jewish leader and TV crew trapped inside Auschwitz and then detained for attempting to leave through a window
NYC's "Rent Too High" candidate facing eviction
Zombie cat crawls out of grave
Johnny Depp says he fought off a chupacabra in Japan
Russia may declare 1989 German reunification illegal
British lord blames rise of ISIS on Snapchat and WhatsApp
'Missing person alert' for statue
Meth lab materials found in woods near Sesame Street in Rock Hill.
Idaho Christian woman warns lawmakers they will legalize necrophilia by protecting LGBT rights
A chupacabra in Japan? Depp says it came from his suitcase
Woman Finds 13 Lbs (6 Kg) of Pot in Car She Bought 13 Years Ago
Which Letter From The Title of "Frozen" Are You? (not Clickhole)
EA will charge players to fill tank with gas in new need for speed game
More than 13 pounds of marijuana was apparently hidden in van's door by previous owner
EU says mass surveillance is fundamental threat to human rights; proposes more surveillance
Woman marries herself in emotional wedding ceremony after failing to meet 'the one' before the age of 40
Government in £9 million payout after single letter blunder causes business to collapse
Students forced to lower their pants for poop inspection
Chinese Government Accuses Alibaba Of Selling Fake Goods, Taking Bribes
Wild kangaroos in Austria? At least 1, surviving in the snow
2 Chainz for Mayor?
ndian rolls from bed, and out of 3rd floor Sharjah window.
Houston woman marries herself for her 40th birthday
AI will not kill us, says Microsoft
NFL Mulls Over Fine for Marshawn Lynch Because He Wore the Wrong Hat
Kenny G Says He's Responsible For The Starbucks Frappuccino
Americans still confusing Sikhs for Muslims: study
NFL Mulls Fine for Marshawn Lynch for Wearing the Wrong Hat
Sex offender sues Taylor Swift, claims she stole his life story for '1989'
Manannán Mac Lir: 'Missing person alert' for Games of Thrones sculptor's statue
Congressman Tim Ryan Changes Position On Abortion After Talking To Women
Seattle to Fine Residents for Throwing Food in the Garbage
Prediksi Getafe vs Villarreal 30 Januari 2015
SWAT Team Raids Poker Game in Virginia, Because It Could've Gotten Robbed
Jewish community leader locked in Auschwitz
Derek's joy as Som Porn is found after Sheffield appeal
Court Orders Dog Not to Bark
How a typo destroyed 124-year-old company Taylor & Sons
Standoff ends after a phonecall with the suspect's mother
Palin inadverently raises $25,000 for pro-Hillary Clinton group
Pet reptile not a lizard, Lithuanian student finds out
Phosphate-rich Salmon Sperm Could Prove Key to Greener, Cheaper Recycling of Rare Earths
Lion to predict Super Bowl winner after famous ape's death
Denver police ask for assistance in finding 'Baby Obama'
Police say burglar broke into home and fell asleep
Boston Yeti Roams Snowy Streets, Assures People 'I'm A Vegan'
FBI agent reportedly says the only way to beat Anonymous 'is to get them all girlfriends'
Pasadena standoff ends after robbery suspect's mother calls
Tom Brady Has A Cold
Texas parents angry school makes kids pull down pants to find who left poop on floor
State Rep. Sally Kern says anti-gay bills are an effort to support traditional values
Jewish community leader gets locked into Auschwitz
Students forced to expose underwear for inspection
Parent, student outraged after school allegedly forced pre-teens to drop pants for 'poop inspection'
Pregnant woman's boyfriend asks, 'Ready for your abortion?' - then hits her with car
'Zombie cat' crawls out of grave five days after being buried
SPD Police Jailed Elderly Military Veteran for "Walking in Seattle While Black"
Germany's right-wing protesters accidentally march against right-wing extremism
Tom Brady confirms he has a cold
NFL star Patrick Peterson sets Guinness World Record for most selfies in an hour
Congressman Tim Ryan Changes Stance On Abortion After Talking To Women
Black sergeant sues San Diego Police Department over racist cartoon
Students told to lower pants for poop inspection, parents outraged
'The Rent Is Too Damn High' Candidate Jimmy McMillan Facing Eviction
Lindsay Lohan Feels Greeting Her Fans Counts as "Community Service"
5-star recruit says he's deciding between University of Phoenix and ITT Tech
Swedish Swimming Pool Opens Gender Neutral Changing Room
Dear Mom Who Thinks I Need to Vaccinate My Kids Against Measles
Kenny G Claims He Gave Starbucks the Idea for the Frappuccino
Young man's 'ninja day' sows havoc in Munich
Students forced to drop pants, checked for poop
Husband broke wife uterus by doing sex
Comcast Changes Customer's First Name To "A**hole," Is Really Sorry
Don't worry, Marshawn Lynch. You can deduct those NFL fines from your taxes. (x-post /r/nfl)
Utah parents, fearing apocalypse, fatally drugged children, themselves, police say
Footprints In Snow Lead To Arrest In Brooklyn Car Break-Ins
Kanye West on posing for photos: "Not smiling makes me smile"
How To Master Your Third Arm
Yeti Sighting in Boston During Storm
Central Texas Students Forced to Expose Underwear for Poop Inspection
Here-So-He-Won't-Get-Fined Marshawn Lynch Might Get Fined For Wearing Unauthorized Hat
Cloud Bursting Service Claims to Guarantee a Rain-Free Wedding Day
Police: Man arrested in wrong-way accident knew he was drunk
Nepalese pretend to bust furniture in #SmashChairChallenge protest
Jewish leader is trapped overnight inside Auschwitz
Wife 'possessed' by lesbian lover
Panicked super rich buying boltholes with private airstrips to escape if poor rise up
Handcuffed Woman Leads Police on Wild Chase After Stealing Cruiser
Venezuelan Woman Earns Her Entire Living Standing in Line to Buy Toilet Paper
Univ. of Penn Offers "Wasting Time on the Internet" Class Taught by "Robotic Erotica" Professor
Taylor Swift has trademarked the phrase "This Sick Beat"
Court Orders Dog Not to Bark - 20,000 Kuna Fine if it Does
Police: Two men fearing arrest call 911 to admit possessing 20 pounds of pot in Rexburg
Taylor Swift Trademarks 'This Sick Beat' and Other '1989' Phrases
Johnny Depp: 'I Was Attacked By A Chupacabra'
Fla. man kills teen while acting out rap song
Johnny Depp: A chupacabra 'attacked' me
Students in Texas told you drop pants for a "poop inspection."
Bid to Condemn 'Annexation of East Germany' in Russian Parliament
Full recovery expected for Tampa 'zombie cat'
Jewish leader gets trapped overnight inside Auschwitz
Utah parents talked of apocalypse, killed children then selves
New Jersey teacher, 62, viciously attacked and slammed to the floor by student, 16, because he dared to confiscate boy's phone
CD Projekt explains why The Witcher 3 has 16 hours of sex scene mo-cap data
Comcast Apologizes After Customer's Name Shows Up as 'A--Hole' on Bill
Student arrested after classroom attack on NJ high school teacher caught on video
Gwyneth Paltrow touts vaginal steaming as 'an energetic release'
Comcast thinks my husband is an asshole - and they put it in writing
Texas elementary students forced to expose underwear for feces inspection
Comcast bill changes customer's first name to "A-hole"
Elementary school students in Texas told to drop their pants for a "poop inspection."
Oklahoma Legislator Can't Believe Anyone Thinks Her Anti-LGBT Bills Mean She Hates Anyone
Thievery reaches new heights as ex-employee sells Calgary company's crane
New All-Female 'Ghostbusters' Cast Chosen
Theater legend Joel Grey reveals that he is gay
Israel: UN Must Live Up to Mission of War Against Genocide
J.R. Smith thinks he's successful as a Cav because 'there's no going out' in Cleveland
Facebook Went Down, FIVE People Called 911
Russian Weight Loss Group Slammed for Promoting 'Leningrad Blockade Diet'
Taiwan invites lovers to new 'sex-themed' park
Jail inmates now required to wear disposable underwear following a drug overdose.
AT&T is launching a superhero series on Snapchat
Valve's economist is now the finance minister of Greece
NBA player JR Smith Says Cleveland's Lack of Nightlife Will Help His Game
Skull discovery suggests location where humans first had sex with Neanderthals
City claims officers not city employees in response to suit
Dueling prayers wage holy war over design of West End Walmart
Penis-Shapped Cloud Erupts Over Welsh Town
Johnny Depp details chupacabra attack in Tokyo
Hot Pocket arrest uncovers mugshots tracking evolution of hipster Aryan Brotherhood member in Texas
Chinese officers caught feasting on an endangered salamander
Pastor Drake Prays For Obama's Death
Elementary Teachers Under Fire After Forcing 'Poop Inspections' On Students
Yes, there will be a Buddy Holly hologram. And he will tour Texas next year, then the world.
Poop inspection: Texas students forced to pull pants down after feces found on gym floor
Surveillance Video Captures UPS Driver Tossing Package, Peeing On Man's Home
Drunk intelligence agency employee crashes drone into White House backyard
Water Company Tells Gardena Residents Black, Smelly Water Is Fine To Drink
Belfast citizens warned not to eat mackerel found on the street after fish spill
Toilet Trike Man Claims Monaca Council President Assaulted Him Over Talk About Penis Graffiti (NSFW)
French police question eight-year-old over terrorism comments
Bored, possibly depressed Johnny Depp just starts talking about chupacabras
One Typo Brought Down A 124-Year-Old Company
Burrito and Rice rob a chicken store
Yeti Prowls the Streets of Boston
At Trial, Lawyers Fight to Include Evidence They Call Vital: Emoji
Why a Seattle Seahawks Super Bowl win would be a win for weed
UPS Man Trashes Man's Package, Urinates on His House... and Gets Caught on Video
Stalker avoids conviction after blaming behaviour on Bollywood movies
Seth Rogen and Michael Moore banned from steakhouse over American Sniper
"Man can't change climate," only God can, says Senate chair of Environment & Public Works
Ex-Stanford Swimmer Allegedly Rapes Woman In Public
Taylor Swift sued by sex offender for stealing his life story
Dinosaur forced to RETIRE from the Natural History Museum as it's 'not relevant'
Brett Favre: 'I Was Wrong for Retiring Early'
Cops tell teens to stop seeking snow shoveling jobs.
After finding poop on the floor, elementary school staff conducted "poop inspections"- strip searches of 11 year olds.
McCain: Palin would 'do great' as presidential candidate
"War for Oil" conspiracy theorists may be right.
A man ordered a second pizza during a four-hour standoff that resulted from his first attempt to order a pizza.
Handcuffed Woman Accused of Stealing Police Car, Leading Cops on High-Speed Chase.
Jail for couple whose baby died while they raised online child
Monastery nuns rent out rooms for Super Bowl
School Forces Elementary Students to Pull Pants Down for 'poop inspection'
So if you cost the county $2 million in a wrongful death suit, no problem but if you take your police car home you get fired ?
Porcupine predicts Super Bowl victory for Seahawks
Michelle Obama Praised for Bold Stand She Didn't Take in Saudi Arabia
Proving that thieves will nick just about anything, 17 coffins have been stolen from a warehouse in Braybrook.
If Hillary Clinton becomes president, Bill wants to be called 'Adam'
Islam: how to Beat Your Wife
Joseph Weekley, Cop Who Fatally Shot Sleeping 7-Year-Old, Will No Longer Face Charges
Still single at 40, woman marries herself in lavish wedding
Peanut Butter and Pickle Sandwich
AI will not kill us, says Microsoft Research chief
The 'Ship Your Enemies Glitter' Website Was Just a Big Marketing Stunt
Taylor Swift Trademarks The Phrase "This Sick Beat"
Man, distracted by texting, almost walks into bear attack (video)
Woman, 47, arrested on DUI charge 'after telling officer she'd soiled herself during field sobriety'
California declares electronic cigarettes a health threat
Meet the woman who got so tired of dating she married HERSELF
'Zombie cat' presumed dead found alive five days after burial
Bollywood excuse helps Hobart stalker avoid conviction
An Oregon State University student got expelled after shooting a porno in the school library
Taylor Swift sued by sex offender for stealing life story
Gay couple buy JebBushForPresident.com, and won't give it up
Taylor Swift now owns the phrase "This Sick Beat," all sick beats
Polar Bears' Penile Bones Are Breaking Because of Industrial Pollution
Terrorists' relatives asked Colonel Rai to cease fire, then killed him.
French cops grill 8-year-old for 'glorifying terror'
New RAAF jets to be able to shoot back
Chef sheds 21st after mate calls him 'fat f***' every day for six weeks
Blizzard 2015: Massive Snowball Fight Breaks Out in Portsmouth, New Hampshire
Typo causes collapse of 124-year-old family business
Florida "zombie cat" crawls out of grave
Dwayne Johnson sues the island of Newfoundland over rights to "The Rock" moniker.
MH370: Malaysia declares plane's disappearance an accident
Security guard avoids jail by blaming Bollywood for stalking habit
Man bows down to ground to hail a cab
Chubby Noodle files trademark suit against Fat Noodle
Saudi Arabia wants to host a male-only Olympics
S. Korean taxi drivers band together against vomiting passengers
A quest for sunken gold ends with mastermind's arrest in a hotel room
Gustine, Texas: Elementary Students Ordered To Drop Their Pants After Feces Found On Gym Floor
Global Warming Is Snowed Out | FrontPage Magazine
Accused: I wasn't carrying three deodorants to mask smells of sex with a Shetland pony near Doncaster
Jewish leader trapped and arrested inside Auschwitz
Did a mom put feces in her 9-year-old son's IV?
Jewish leader trapped, arrested in Auschwitz
Homeless Russian cat 'saves' abandoned baby boy
Zombie or miracle, Florida cat claws his way back from the dead
Bungling into bloodshed - Negotiators agree to regard the slaughter of more than 40 policemen as an accident
Gas Delivery Truck Explodes Outside Mexico City Maternity Hospital; 54 Injured
'No drone zone': FAA reminds Super Bowl fans to leave drones at home
Russian Deputies Complain About High Porridge Prices in State Canteen
Hardline Catholic group buys gay-friendly 'bar of Sodom' next to church 'to redeem it'
A Canadian photographer captures images of a whale 'poopnado' (X-post from /r/depths below)
French Police Question 8-Year-Old Over Alleged Support For Paris Gunmen : The Two-Way : NPR
Learn make money online
A glass of red wine is the equivalent to an hour at the gym, says new study
Houston Equality Opponents Want to Bar LGBT People from Serving on Jury in Lawsuit
Discovery Channel is expanding Shark Week to the whole Summer, "Summer of the Shark."
Pennsylvania shop owner makes deflated chocolate football
Thieves stole from a supermarket by using the in store post office..... Genius!
Happy Data Privacy Day From The NSA!
RED news chez Naked news Moderuje ZUZANA
Marijuana vending machine to debut in Seattle
Saudi Arabia proposes hosting a men-only Olympics with Bahrain holding womens events
Parents who don't believe in diapers are teaching their kids to crap in the sink or on the streets.
This App Identifies Your Most Toxic Friends
'Heavy Hitter' personal-injury attorney recovering after hit by car
Bill Gates: I feel stupid for only speaking English
Research Finds That Guns Do Indeed Kill People
Teen Fatally Shot by Pal Acting Out Waka Flocka Flame Lyrics: Cops
Texas Sending Man to Death Chamber on Thursday Based on 'Of Mice and Men'
James Landry sentenced to 14 years in 'murder for lobster' case
Gwyneth Paltrow Steams Her Vagina
How the Invention of the Alphabet Usurped Female Power in Society and Sparked the Rise of Patriarchy in Human Culture
Here's why 76 beavers were forced to skydive into the Idaho wilderness in 1948
Dish lets subscribers skip the Big Game, watch the commercials
Jewish leader arrested after getting trapped in Auschwitz on anniversary
Eight-year-old girl Camilla Lisant suggests possible cure for cancer to her scientist father
One of world's largest Corvette collections found deep in Georgia backwoods
Woman turns 40, marries herself
The Qatari Royal Family wanted to built a palace in Central London. But the council rejected it.
Comcast apologizes after changing customer's name to 'A**hole Brown'
Target's $8,000 cheque for student conference bounces
Gwyneth Paltrow Gets Vagina Steam at Spa
Pentagon Tells Congress to Stop Buying Equipment It Doesn't Need
Russian parliament considers condemning 'annexation' of East Germany in 1989.
Rapper 2 Chainz is Serious About Running for Mayor
Comcast Renames Man 'Asshole Brown' After He Tries to Cancel Cable | WIRED
Communist Party USA Chairman Vows Cooperation With Democratic Party
Reston Zoo director guilty of drowning wallaby
Bill Would Allow Texas Teachers To Kill Students
Jewish man gets trapped in Auschwitz - then arrested when he tried to escape.
Comcast changes customer name to Ahole on bill
No socializing or double handshakes for Korean soldiers of opposite sex
Rome Jewish leader trapped in Auschwitz and questioned by police
$13.5M-winning lottery ticket bought 7 seconds late invalid, top court decides
Comcast apologizes for changing customer's billing name to profanity
Marin Family Whose Leukemic Child Can't Vaccinate Asks School To Require Immunization
State Department Wants Frozen PSAs About Climate Change
Costumed Mr. Incredible Convicted in Videotaped Hollywood Boulevard Assault on Batgirl Character
Polish Police Detained a Jewish Leader Trying to Escape Auschwitz
Comcast Changes Customer's Name To 'A**hole,' Now Says They're Sorry
Last McDonald's Burger in Iceland on Display
Taliban arrests ISIS leader for 'ANTI-ISLAMIC ACTIVITIES'
On Texas Muslim Capital Day, GOP Lawmaker Demands Muslims Take Loyalty Oath . . . with Israeli Flag
Congressman changes his mind about abortion after actually speaking to women.
Police Officer Handcuffed Meddling Defense Attorney to a Wall: Report
Dish DVR Lets You Skip the Football And Watch Nothing But Super Bowl Ads
Cops Arrest Public Defender For Attempting To Do Her Job
UVA Sorority Sisters Banned From Frat Parties to Punish Them for Being Potential Rape Victims
DAD PLOTS REVENGE ON DAUGHTER BY REPLACING VODKA WITH WATER, PLAN TOTALLY BACKFIRES
Comcast changes customer name to A-hole on bill
Microsoft to invest in Cyanogen, which hopes to take Android from Google
Girlfriend falls to her death after jumping up in excitement as her boyfriend proposed to her on top of a cliff in Ibiza
Ryan Gosling memes make men more feminist, study shows
Aspiring filmmaker who became dominatrix after brain injury wins $1.5 million
Vietnam Seizes Thousands Of Cats Smuggled From China For Consumption
You can earn $13,000 a year selling your poop
26 percent of U.S. citizens agree that "God plays a role in determining which team wins a sporting event
Scientists Say Sniffing Farts Could Prevent Cancer
A Canadian photographer captures images of a whale 'poopnado'
Police: Aryan Brotherhood member nabbed in Hot Pockets theft
"Man can't change climate", only God can proclaims U.S. Senator James Inhofe on the opening session of Senate. Inhofe is the new chair of the U.S. Environment & Public Works Committee. (x-post from /r/news)
Jewish man trapped in Auschwitz after Holocaust memorial
Rowdy Bar Hikes Drinking Age to 25 to Pacify Neighbors
Houston woman liked it, put a ring on it: She married herself
MPAA Trademark Forces "Rated R" Beer To Drop Its Name
One Man Tried to Cancel His Cable, So Comcast Changed His Name to "Asshole"
Ottawa, Kent residents concerned about vacuum salespeople
Texas teachers could be allowed to gun down students to protect school property
Obama Issues Executive Order Giving Him Authority to Issue Executive Orders
Taco Bell: Emoji unfairly biased towards hamburger and pizza lovers
Sexually explicit email sent to students at Fremd High School
A Texas lawmaker is demanding Muslims swear allegiance next to an Israeli flag
Animals in France finally recognized as 'living, sentient beings'
Animals have feelings, French parliament rules
It's Round Two of nuns versus strippers in western suburbs
Taylor Swift trademarks 'sick beat'
Bratton on plans for 'new patrol model'
Google Apologizes After Translate Offers Anti-Gay Slurs As Suggested Translations
NYPD Cops Pounce and Pile on Top of Man for Tossing Cigarette on Sidewalk
Marijuana Dispensary Rolling 12,000 Joints to Prep for Seahawks in Super Bowl
The Croatian court has committed a dog to "house arrest" for barking.
The best Gmail app for the iPhone is now made by Microsoft
Woman accepts cliffside proposal, then falls to death
Police: Camouflage-painted woman arrested for purse snatchings
Chilean 'yarn bombers' plot large-scale knitting attack
'[Scottish] Islanders stunned as it is revealed £42million superferry DOESN'T HAVE A BAR'
UW professors need to work harder, says college dropout
'Rent Is Too Damn High' candidate now facing eviction
Twitter mocks Christie's unintentionally profane PAC acronym: The Auditor
Woman falls off cliff seconds after her boyfriend proposed
Jewish leader is trapped overnight inside Auschwitz on 70th anniversary of its liberation... after getting locked inside while filming Italian TV show
Comcast apologizes for an employee who changed a customers name to "A__hole Brown."
NYC gives machete-wielding thug $5K for menacing cops
Foo Fighters, Slipknot, Black Flag and Sunn O))) members sign up for punk supergroup
"Rent is too Damn High" party founder Jimmy McMillan evicted for not paying rent
Raising A Kid Costs Almost Exactly As Much As A Porsche 911 GT3 Cup
1,495 lbs. of Marijuana Found in Toilet Service Truck
Girlfriend falls to her death after jumping up and down in excitement when boyfriend proposed on top of cliff (x-post from /r/offbeat).
Seattle Police Jail Elderly Military Veteran for "Walking in Seattle While Black"
Adobe is suing Forever 21 for pirating Photoshop
Woman Falls Off Cliff After Jumping For Joy Over Wedding Proposal.
'Dead' cat crawls out of grave and returns to owner
Rent Is Too Damn High party leader Jimmy McMillan's lawsuit over eviction gets nixed
1 comment Troopers: Trucker pulling his own tooth caused accident that congested I-20/59 near Tuscaloosa Monday
Limp Bizkit Guitarist Is Dreading Next Week's Nü-Metal Cruise
WOMAN FALLS TO HER DEATH JUST AFTER ACCEPTING MARRIAGE PROPOSAL
Mom Worries son, 6, is Gay Because of Xbox
Italian Jews detained after attempting to escape Auschwitz on anniversary of liberation
Former Northern Virginia cabdriver added to 'Most Wanted Terrorists' list
Woman falls to her death as she celebrates marriage proposal at the edge of Ibiza cliff
Girlfriend falls to her death after jumping up in excitement as her boyfriend proposed to her on top of a cliff
Thousands of live cats from China seized in Vietnam: Police
Florida cat claws his way back from the dead
The German government is funding a Battlestar Galactica LARP on a retired destroyer
Porn Firm Offers Job To Chinese Man Whose Penis Was Chopped Off By Jealous Wife
Woman falls to her death after boyfriend's clifftop proposal
Shipment of 'Freedom' brand muesli bars worth $30,000 rejected by Manus Island detention centre operators
Colorado residents may get a refund for pot tax
Police, others run afoul of Ripon's law against bingo
Video game simulates the frustration of building IKEA furniture
School cancels homophobic bullying workshop 'because both sides of argument should be represented'
Trucker pulling his own tooth causes acccident and forces interstate to shut down for several hours in Alabama
Mother who Murdered her Baby Gets Pregnant in Prison.
Napalm Death Frontman Asks Indonesian President To Halt Executions of Two Men
UCLA Facebook page "Free & For Sale" administrator sues for damages
Taylor Swift sued for $100m by child pornographer for stealing his lyrics
Man Arrested After Burglarizing Used Lottery Tickets From a BP Gas Station At Gunpoint
80,000 cans of Silly String collected, sent to troops in Iraq
Man baffled after getting Georgia traffic ticket for eating hamburger while driving
Porn filmed in Oregon State University library
Study reveals wide gaps in opinion between scientists and general public
NJ Dems "LMFAO" at Christie PAC acronym snafu
Gwyneth Paltrow scorned for suggesting women steam-clean their vaginas
Girlfriend Falls Off Cliff Moments After Her Boyfriend Proposes To Her
Gwyneth Paltrow advises women to 'steam-clean' their vaginas
Charges: Chaska man bites off woman's ear, kills cat
Woman falls to her death in Ibiza after jumping up as her boyfriend proposed to her
Suge Knight just killed a man on a movie set
Proposal turns tragic as Bulgarian bride-to-be falls to death off Ibiza cliff after jumping for joy
Chain tests new concept in mattress shopping: Stores with no employees
Obama's Staged Fainting Act Exposed(Redsilverj)
White House acknowledges -- but also denies -- that Taliban are a terrorist group
Delta Air Lines pilot locked out of cockpit for Las Vegas landing
Assassination Classroom anime put on hold until all knife related violence ceases
Gwyneth Paltrow to women: Steam your vaginas!
Police: Mother accused of slashing children's throats to keep them quiet
LAPD Criticized for Event Featuring Ex-Mexican Mafia Leader
Charlie Hebdo attack: French police quiz eight-year-old for saying 'I am not Charlie. I am with the terrorists'
Americans Believe in Science, Just Not Its Findings - Atlantic Mobile
MILF denies harboring Marwan, Usman
Jeff Bridges Releasing 'Sleeping Tapes,' a New Album Designed to Help You Fall Asleep
Woman falls off cliff to her death after proposal from boyfriend.
A Guy Created A Sexist Tip Calculator That Stiffs Female Servers To Highlight The Wage Gap
German Gunman Takes Over Dutch TV Station. TLDW: Skip to 4:40
Keanu Reeves to give talk on painter Paul Gauguin in world-renowned swiss art museum
Keanu Reeves to Give a Talk at the Foundation Beyeler About Gauguin for Some Reason
Prediksi Manchester United vs Leicester City 31 Januari 2015
Justin Bieber Apologizes for the Past Year of His Life. "I'm not who I was pretending to be."
Wheelie-bin blown over by wind on Plymouth Street
Live shrimp covered in ants, anyone? Noma's Japanese restaurant serves up a rare treat
Justin Bieber Apologizes for the Past Year of His Life
Man Caught Coordinating Blackmail, Conjugals from Prison Smartphone
Fat Noodle is 'confusingly similar' to Chubby Noodle, restaurant says in trademark suit
Law & Order is sending Ice-T to investigate Gamergate-style harassment
Jewish leader trapped overnight in Auschwitz
Toddlers mesmerised by surreal world of unboxing videos
Office puts chips under staff's skin
Army copter scares cattle to death - Tyrone farmer awarded £40,000
Swedish politician: IS-terrorists are "victims"
Three out of three doctors agree: Gwyneth Paltrow is wrong about steaming your vagina
Comcast now just calling its customers assholes to their faces
'Straight Outta Compton' Shoot Marred By Fatal Hit-and-Run; Suge Knight Driver
Suge Knight suspected of killing a man on set of Straight Outta Compton
Ball Girl catches Tennis ball.
Comcast says sorry for changing customer's name to 'A-hole Brown'
Woman blows up toilet trying to kill cockroach
Comcast apologizes after customer receives bill addressed to 'Asshole Brown'
World's Poorest President' Stops His Car To Give Hitchhiker A Ride
Woman Desperate to Kill a Cockroach Manages to Blow Up a Toilet
Picked up by the president! Hitchhiker given lift by 'world's most humble' leader after thumbing ride at side of road in Uruguay
Manchester City v Chelsea: Fan bets £500 on Frank Lampard to score... after seeing his face on the moon
Irish newspaper places gas network advertisement on the same page as Auschwitz article
Wile E. Coyote inspires new way to diagnose concussions
GWYNETH PALTROW STEAM CLEANS HER VAGINA FOR ENERGY
Naked artist who nailed his TESTICLES to ground in bizarre protest now cuts EAR off in public
Afghan carpet weavers are putting drones on their rugs
Suge Knight arrested on suspicion of murder
Emoticons matter, judge rules in Silk Road trial
Home-grown fanatics who join ISIS are 'w*****s' who watch porn because they can't find girlfriends, blasts Boris Johnson
Boris Johnson: jihadis are porn-watching 'wankers'
Chelsea Handler -- My Boobs Bring Peace To The Middle East
The government invites you to be wary of those who do not eat baguettes
Star Wars creator George Lucas: 'I really have no interest in science fiction at all'
Texas Students Forced to Drop Pants After Feces Found in Gym
Taliban Are Not Terrorists, or So Says the White House
MPC orders Little Free Library to cease operation
Republicans to open February with vote to repeal Obamacare
Limp Bizkit Guitarist Not Stoked for 'Roided-Out Bohunks' on Upcoming Cruise
John Kerry Fined $50 For Not Shoveling His Snow
Mitt Romney Is Running for President
Suspected thief discovered hanging upside down from window
Pitbull-Dachshund mix with tiny feet and a huge head sparks adoption frenzy
BREAKING: NYPD to Permanently Patrol Protests with Machine Guns
2 Hindu men claim to have been banned from 'Muslim-free' shooting range
State Takes Over Arkansas School District That Had To Make Teachers Wear Underwear
Study: Most People Think Scientists Are Full Of It
Deputy Arrested for Drunken Drive-By Shooting in Palm Beach While Riding in a Prius
Grimsby Lottery winner Roy Gibney: I got bored and went back to work
Kanye West gives his designer friend an "N word" pass
Man who died in 2012 gets reappointed to county board
'Borat' national anthem accidentally played for Kazakh athlete
Update: Burglar breaks into Hibbing liquor store, goes for budget beer
San Francisco's Catholic church, Star of the - See you later!
Zimbabwe python eater jailed 9 years
Police: Chaska Man Bit Off Girlfriend's Ear, Beheaded Her Cat
John Kerry fined $50 for failing to shovel snow outside home
Woman dies from fall off cliff after jumping for joy at marriage proposal
John Kerry Fined $50 for Failing to Shovel Snow Outside Boston Home
Houston-area donut shop robber fails because his wig is too hilarious
Pensioner, 78, Gets Tax Bill... For £4.7bn!
WWE superstar Mick Foley ejected from wing-eating contest after using fanny pack to cheat
Photo caption in Spin magazine article: "This is Suge Knight's first arrest since October 2014"
Teenager isolated over cancer charity haircut
This woman could give birth to first ever Martian baby in £4bn plan to colonise Mars
Meet the Two New Yorkers Who Are Starting a Preschool for Adults
New NYPD counterterrorism unit will also handle protests
Larry Markword Reappointed To County Board Despite Dying In 2012
Debt-ridden man advertises his own virginity for £700, but doesn't get a single offer
Elementary students forced to show their underwear at school after feces found on school gym floor [X-post /r/texas]
Army deletes tweet referring to "chinks" in armor after accusations of racism.
Cop Arrested for Drunken Drive-By Shooting from a Prius
Couple with marijuana plantation arrested after calling the police in Rio
Bill would allow Texas teachers to use deadly force against students
Next-generation wood pushes to greater heights
Here Are The 8 Most Bizarre Items Covered By Taylor Swift's Trademarks
McDonald's will now accept selfies and hugs as payment
Super Bowl Commercials: McDonald's Lets You Pay for Food With Lovin'
CBS reporter's "hack" caused by stuck backspace key, says US govt
May the force be with... Torbay? English Riviera boasts almost as many Jedi as Muslims
Director of The Phantom Menace says today's movies lack substance
Ohio detective disciplined for taunting transgender woman with Aerosmith song
White House: Taliban not a terror group
AV Club's best headline ever - Director of The Phantom Menace says today's movies lack substance
Whoops? Venezuela online promotional campaign uses pic of detained reporter
Watchdog: Attkisson wasn't hacked, had 'delete' key stuck
Gwyneth Paltrow steams her vagina to get an 'energetic release'
Ugh - Seals Are Mysteriously Sexually Assaulting Penguins - And Eating Them
Snapchat's New Original Series is Called Literally Can't Even
Ohio Pair Say Unhurried Burglar Fed Dog Bologna, Made Coffee
Police: Fake cop pulls over real cop
Everyone in neighbourhood asked for blood samples by police to prove they didn't kill pregnant woman
Kenny G says he's the reason why Starbucks sells Frappuccinos
Pro-Wrestler Mick Foley ejected from the Wing Bowl eating contest after hiding uneaten chicken wings in his fanny pack.
Ewan McGregor Is Too Polite to Tell You About His Huge Penis
Birth certificates ask parents if 'woman giving birth' is female
Chinese women breeds 100,000 cockroaches in her home
Katy Perry's Halftime Costume Scanned in Super Bowl Safety Bid
Texas students forced to expose underwear for poop inspection
Pilot Locked Out of Cockpit During Delta Flight
Florida woman accused of drowning puppy in toilet at Nebraska airport so she could board plane
UK trader who spent investors' cash on champagne, travel jailed for seven years
Darryl Isaacs struck by motorist while biking
Black parents give birth to white baby
Incredible 50-ft 'dragon' dinosaur unearthed by Chinese farmers
POLICE LABEL HIPPY GROUP WHOSE MESSAGE IS "PEACE & LOVE" 'DOMESTIC EXTREMISTS'
Texas Tech University students try to save 11-foot snow penis from being bulldozed
A young couple engaged in sexual intercourse on stage during a live performance by the Norwegian band THE CUMSHOTS
Judge finds woman became dominatrix because of brain injury
Relive your childhood: Ball pit for fun-loving adults opens in London
Adult-sized ball pit opens in London
Venezuela uses photo of journalist it detained to promote how well it treats foreigners
Fans hear pornographic sounds during Predators broadcast
Far Out Friday: Car accident turned bright student into dominatrix
Retired deputy returns fire after getting shot in Church's Chicken
Woman jumps for joy after marriage proposal, falls down cliff and dies
Anti-vaccine book tells kids to embrace measles
Katherine Heigl prayed and fasted for bigger boobs
Judge: Jury Can Watch Super Bowl Unless Hernandez Mentioned
Obama Disses HuffPost After Writing Op-Ed for HuffPost
Report: Man impersonating police officer pulls over real police officer
Intervention in civil wars 'far more likely in oil-rich nations'
Snapchat's getting its own web series, and it's called 'Literally Can't Even'
It's a boy! Mittens the cat hermaphrodite no more
Islanders stunned as it is revealed £42million superferry DOESN'T HAVE A BAR
Delta Flight Makes Emergency Landing After Pilot Gets Locked Out of Cockpit
Telemarketer calls Oregon home, hears woman screaming 'please don't kill me'
J. J. Watt moving to log cabin in 'middle of nowhere' to train
Comcast Is Also Changing Customers' Names To "Whore" And "Dummy"
News Flash: Twitter Co-Founder Jack Dorsey Still Loves Twitter
Texas lawmaker under fire for Facebook post to pledge loyalty to the usa on Muslim Capitol Day
Drones Are Now Appearing on Afghan Rugs
Convicted robber controls the finances at the country's largest Catholic high school
Fox Studio Head Jim Gianopulos: Studios Need to Infuse Their Sequels With Fresh and Original Ideas
You Can Sell Your Poop For $13,000 a Year
US clergy respond to police shooting pictures of black men for target practice: 'Use Me Instead'
Donetsk People's Republic Has 'Full Support of Texas', Says Pro-Russian Rebel
Boko Haram to use goats, cows, donkeys and camels as suicide bombers
Fake cop pulls over real cop, police say
Woman Who Vandalized Satanic Display in Florida Capitol Says Being Punished Would Be an Attack on Her Faith (from /r/atheism)
Foster families continue to fight flu vaccine rule
Mary Cheney: Why is drag 'socially acceptable' and blackface isn't?
New NYPD Anti-Terror Unit Will Get Machine Guns To Police Protesters: Gothamist
Stacey Dash Says College Rape Victims Are 'Bad Girls' Who Party Too Much
Sorry, Gwyneth Paltrow, but steaming your vagina is a bad idea
McDonald's Launches Doomed Selfies-as-Payment Plan
Entire neighborhood asked for blood samples to prove they didn't kill pregnant woman
Newspaper Ripped For Horribly Sexist Obituary Of 'Thorn Birds' Author Colleen McCullough
Nicolas Cage to Star in Osama Bin Laden Satire From 'Borat' Director
Ludacris had his own lyrics used against him in court.
Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon appear in a selfie, sparking a new Mideast conflict
TX GOP-Backed Bill Would Enable Teachers To Kill Students 'In Defense Of School Property'
Fake cop pulls over real cop
Germany houses refugees in Holocaust-era concentration camps
Head of Rome's Jewish community gets trapped in Auschwitz
nothing to say... fucking phone
1 in 4 Americans Believe God Will Decide Super Bowl
New video shows white Seattle cop arresting 70yo black veteran for carrying golf club
Flower Shell Lets You Plant Seeds With a 12 Gauge Shotgun
ISIS Supporters Confused: Is Boko Haram Part Of Us?
Police apologize for arresting man for carrying a golf club
Attorney Darryl Isaacs seriously hurt in crash - The Courier-Journal
Indian PM seen wearing 1M Rupee suit, with pinstripes made of tiny letters that spell his name
Texas school district under fire for searching students' underwear for poop
US military essay contest to honor King Abdullah
LDS Church Begins New "Not Even Once" Anti-Beard Campaign
In Japan, 'Marriage Hunting' May Require the Right Lair, and a Stripper Pole
Tim Duncan files $1M lawsuit against financial adviser
Sarah Palin speech inadvertently raises $50,000 for Hillary Clinton
Reality TV Star Heidi Montag's Father Arrested On Sex, Incest Charges
McDonald's Will Soon Accept Hugs As Payment
CUNY bans 'Mr.' and 'Ms.' from correspondence, professors speak out
Police Officer Arrests Pizza Delivery Guy, then Delivers Pizza
Bill Would Allow Texas Teachers To Kill Students Threatening School Property
Professional wrestler Mike Foley caught cheating during Wing Bowl eating contest, and was later ejected from the competition for stuffing uneaten chicken wings in his fanny pack.
McDonald's Will Let You Pay for Your Meal by Taking a Selfie or Calling Your Mom
British army creates team of Facebook warriors
Florida man accidentally shoots, kills teen while acting out Waka Flocka Flame rap song: Brevard County Sheriff
I Was Arrested for Learning a Foreign Language. Today, I Have Some Closure.
Ukrainian Sepratists Invite Texas to a Summit of Unrecognized States
Las Vegas company's sales call saves local woman from beating
Chart: Are you a jihadist? The French government made this checklist
Wedding planners delhi corporate event management in delhi event management company in India artist management companies in delhi event management company in delhi
Investigators Use 'Nasal Ranger' Smelloscope To Help Crack Down On Pot Smokers
Vanilla Ice to play Mark Twain in Adam Sandler's first Netflix movie
Texas Governor to declare 'Chris Kyle Day' in honor of sniper [American Sniper]
8 ways to lose friends and alienate people on social media
Bolivian police cry foul after diplomat bites officer's nose at traffic stop
Microsoft threatens 17 year old Mike Rowe with a lawsuit after the young man launches a website named MikeRoweSoft.com (x-post from /r/todayilearned)
Christian radio host: Katy Perry's Super Bowl halftime show will be 'complete maximum evil'
Anti-Gay Pastor Is Terrified Of Drinking Semen, Especially In Starbucks Lattes
Justin Bieber -- I've been covering up who I really am...begs for mercy
Justin Bieber Apologizes: "I'm not who I was pretending to be."
Pro wrestling star Mick Foley ejected from eating contest after hiding uneaten chicken wings in fanny pack
Australian paper mocked for obit of 'The Thorn Birds' author
Turkey's Erdogan: I want to be like the Queen of England
'Let's Get Married' singer allegedly shoved ring down fiancee's throat
British army creates team of Facebook warriors | UK news
War-war in eastern Ukraine no jaw-jaw in Minsk as peace talks aborted
Germany houses refugees in Nazi concentration camps
Rep to Staff: Ask Muslim Visitors to Pledge Allegiance
Homeless shelter box removed by city for "health and safety of people using it."
Pensioners horror over 4bn tax bill
Uni Student Faces Prison After Filming Porn In Campus Library
Comcast Changes Customer Name To "Wh*re" - and Worse
McDonald's now accepting love in exchange for hamburgers
Parent: Fourth-grader suspended after using magic from 'The Hobbit'
About Us Subscribe Contact Us Donate RSS New lottery tickets come with a side of bacon _ scent
Ceri Morgan uploaded pornography onto Tesco iPad in Swansea
New lottery tickets come with a side of bacon _ scent
Zamboni Driver Arrested For DUI
Tesco shopper arrested for changing demo iPad background to pornography
Hagrid is in the Hospital
NYC asks new parents if 'mother giving birth' is male or female
If you live in France and don't eat baguettes, you might be a terrorist
British right-wing paper offers £1 boat tickets to France for readers, activists use it as stunt to help smuggle illegal immigrants into the country.
Woman Who Vandalized Satanic Display in Florida Capitol Says Being Punished Would Be an Attack on Her Faith
University bans use of 'Mr.' and 'Ms.' in all correspondence
Secret message found inside WW2 bullet is the end to a very funny story
Homeless Jesus sleeping on a bench statue to be installed where homeless aren't allowed to sleep on benches
'Mother of 7' arrested in Russia on high treason charges
Army Deletes Tweet About 'Chinks In Armor' After People Cry Racism
ISIS War on Magic
McDonald's to offer free food to customers who 'Pay with Lovin'
Hatfields, McCoys Make Moonshine Legally in Southern W.Va.
Fargo Zamboni driver arrested on suspicion of DUI when game spectators report erratic ice-cleaning
Biden: 'The Past Six Years Have Been Really, Really Hard For This Country'
Bobbi Kristina Brown Found Unconscious in Bathtub...Revived & Breathing Again
Treat the Greek people as equals, king tells Merkel
The UK's Drug Dealers Are Swapping Crack for Nokia 8210s | VICE | United States
Whitney Houston's daughter found unresponsive in bathtub, taken to hospital
Unattended bag of condoms spurs bomb investigation at Port Authority bus station
London clubbers to be breathalysed before entering venues in crackdown on 'pre-loading'
Kids Forced to Drop Pants for Inspection After Poop Found in Gym
Fall Out Boy Has Apologized To America For ESPN Playing Their Song So Much
Meet the Grindr Rabbi Who Says the Gay Sex App Can Bring Jews Together
Feminist Game Developer Surprised to Learn Women can Vote, Own Land
Woman awarded $1.5M after a brain injury in a car accident turned her from a promising media-arts student into a Dominatrix
British police are threatening snowball throwers with ASBOS
A Scottish University Wants to Give Refunds to Students Who Fail
San Francisco public defender arrested outside courtroom for defending her client
University could offer to refund students who fail their degrees
This App Rewards Students With Food for Not Checking Their Phones in Class
life 29-Year-Old Man Tries To Sell His Virginity For $1,000 ... Guess How Many Offers He Got?
Man tries to sell virginity for $1000 but gets 0 responses
Failing students at Scots university could get rebates
McDonald's Accepting Selfies As Payment... wat.
private investigator who gets paid by councils to have undercover sex inside illegal brothels has been fired after withholding information about a prostitute whom he met on a job
Updated: Zamboni driver allegedly drunk while on Fargo ice fired
Turkish President: I want to be like the Queen of England
Suspicious package at NYC bus station filled with 1K condoms
Taylor Swift Trademarks Five Common English Phrases
Dubai worth their weight (loss) in gold.
Feds To Regulate Fake Fireplaces To Stop Global Warming
Woman jumps for joy at marriage proposal, falls off cliff.
Mo. Man Arrested After Telling Black Waitress He Wanted to Show Her Where He 'Hung' Her Grandpa
50% of Pennsylvanians Would Rather Be Represented by a Groundhog in Congress
Vaccine Critics Turn Defensive Over Measles
UPDATE: Zamboni Driver Arrested For DUI
Former Oregon State University student cited for making porn video in campus library
McDonald's will accept selfies as payment
North Texas Realtor Attempting to Sue Yelp Reviewer over bad review.
Not so 'Good to Go' when man gets $18,000 toll bridge bill
Younger siblings ARE the funniest, study finds
Your younger sibling is funnier than you (at least that's what they say)
McDonald's will now accept hugs and selfies as payment
Fox's Stacey Dash Calls Rape Victims 'Bad Girls' Who 'Like to Be Naughty'
Fall Out Boy apologizes for 'Centuries'
Beer from purified Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District wastewater? Engineer's 'Sludge' brew has people talking
Raw Video: Raw Sewage backed up, sat in puddles at Phoenix Open - There was a waste management problem at the waste management Phoenix Open
John McCain Calls Anti-War Activists Low Life Scum
A health trust's proposal to help treat patients with depression by using "staff from lower wage countries" via Skype causes concern
Fox News Radio Host To Woman With Bipolar Disorder: You Don't Have A Real Disability
CrossFit Gym Closed After Complaints of Slamming Barbells
Over 80% of Americans think that there should be labels on food containing DNA
Will this cheerleader be the smartest person at the Super Bowl?
Mississippi - yes, Mississippi - has the nation's best child vaccination rate.
A man in a "zebra leotard" robs rite aid drug store in Caro, MI
Parents: Howard Middle School Teachers Fired for Teaching Black History
This Company Will Give Your Baby A 'Unique' Name For $31,000 (x-post /r/namenerds)
Man who had sex for a year with a captive Dolphin called Dolly speaks out about their year-long love affair in new documentary and claims SHE seduced him
WATCH: Beauty Pageant Runner-Up Grabs Tiara From Queen's Head
Usain Bolt judges babies doing his victory pose
(In Turkmenistan) Drive Any Car You Want, As Long As It's White
Gold toilet paper will cost you one million dollar
McDonalds now accepting selfies and hugs as form of payment
Walmart shoplifting suspect called 911 on security guards
Gwyneth Paltrow's Advice About Vaginas Is Hurting Women: Doctors
Adobe Sues Forever 21 for Pirating Copies of Photoshop
McDonald's to offer free food to customers who 'Pay With McLovin'
McDonald's accepting 'lovin' as new form of payment for meal
Zamboni driver arrested for DUI, allegedly cleaned ice surface while drunk
Zamboni driver gets DUI while driving drunk on ice
Pro wrestler cheats at Wing Bowl, hides food in fanny pack
Women Attempt To Draw Vaginas, Most Are Confused
3-year-old boy shoots father, pregnant mother in New Mexico
Woman Falls To Her Death After Being Proposed To On A Cliff
Branch of Nazi party Golden Dawn legalised in Spain
Man who had year-long love affair with Dolphin claims she seduced him
Stolen Ring Showing Bears Having Sex a 'Popular' Item for Couples
Violent and stupid: Wanted man caught after calling cops on neighbour
Bruce Jenner Is 'Transitioning Into a Woman'
Insurance row over vicar's Jesus Christ car stickers
Small Heath armed robber 'looked like Cat from Red Dwarf'
Right-Wing German NPD party cancels demonstration -- all participants took the wrong train
Mary Cheney: If Men Can Do Drag, Why Can't White People Do Blackface?
Alberta's sky palace revealed, but in revised form as spartan meeting room
New Rochelle police officer holds teens at gunpoint over a snowball fight
Omkari Singh Is The World's Oldest Mother.
No One Will Know This Lovely Necklace Is a Vibrator
Whitney Houston's daughter found unresponsive in bathtub, rushed to hospital
Zamboni driver busted for DUI during high school hockey game.
Fargo Zamboni driver arrested on suspicion of DUI
Introduction of Craigslist to a new market increases local HIV transmission rates due to personal ads (X-post from /r/science)
KickassTorrents Users Fight Back Against DMCA Takedown Purge
Man scattering ashes swept into sea
US military to host essay contest to honor King Abdullah
US boy, three, shoots both parents in New Mexico
Las Vegas' first White Castle closes due to overwhelming demand
Monster slide descends into chaos
Venezuela uses US reporter's photo in tourism campaign. The problem? He had just been released from detention
3-Year-Old Finds Gun, Wounds Both Parents with 1 Shot
Fully occupied? Hong Kong's protest hotel
Iran to hold cartoon contest on Holocaust denial in response to Charlie Hebdo
At This Party, You'd Better Keep It Down Arizona Sheriff Known for Toughness Is Allowing Inmates to Watch the Super Bowl
I had an affair with a dolphin for a year after it seduced me
NFL investigates Georgia Dome noise
Pastor who claimed Starbucks made 'semen lattes' admits he's been 'tempted' by gay lifestyle
Anti-porn crusader faces new charges of having sex with minor
MP village catching open defecators with their pants down
Taylor Swift's 'Blank Space' Video Location Literally Goes 'Down In Flames'
Alaska community officer accused of Tasering 2 young kids because they asked him to
US boy, three, shoots both parents
Salem warns of aggressive owls after multiple attacks
Super Bowl Day: Ready For 17 And A Half Minutes Of Football?
Man Clogs Toilet With Potatoes, Pulls Fire Alarm to Get Help More Quickly
Student Suspended for Alleged Possession of One Ring to Rule Them All
New Illinois Law Forces Students to Give Up Social Media Passwords....Or Face Criminal Charges
Illinois schools can demand students' social media passwords
Italy: Councillors dressed as PROSTITUTES entrap motorists on the prowl
Huckabee compares being gay to drinking and profanity
She fought for patients' rights, then she was put in a hospital against her will
Texas boy suspended for saying he could make classmate 'disappear' with 'Lord of the Rings' sorcery
Part-Time Pooping: A New Way to Make an Extra $13,000 a Year
Fourth-grader says he has the One Ring, school suspends him for terrorist threat, dad says
Man clogs toilet with potatoes, pulls fire alarms to get help quicker
Pastor again warns of 'semen lattes' and says it is not his fault Moses wants to stone gays
Yes Means Yes, Unless It's a Lie
Reporter, once detained, now Venezuela's tourism poster child
9 year old student suspended for making "terrorist threats" with the One Ring from the Hobbit
EX POWER RANGER ARRESTED FOR MURDER
Germany is housing refugees within holocaust-era concentrations camps
The British army is allegedly training a group of 'Facebook Warriors'
Simon Cowell collapses after being hypnotised by talented dog
Former star of Power Rangers Samurai arrested for 'murdering roommate with a sword'
Report: Falcons investigated for pumping crowd noise into stadium
Former 'Power Rangers' Actor Accused Of Fatally Stabbing Roommate With Sword
Nash Grier's broken iPod selling for $10 million on ebay
Research Shows Intelligent People Stay Up Late, Do More Drugs, And Have More Sex
Marshawn Lynch Can Grab His Crotch for Charity During Super Bowl XLIX
Former Power Ranger fatally stabs roommate with sword in Green Valley, LASD confirms
Trucker pulls own tooth while driving, causing accident and miles-long traffic jam
Canadian man who printed lottery ticket seven seconds late denied jackpot
Teacher arrested for pawning school laptops
Former Power Ranger Arrested for Murdering Roommate with Samurai Sword
School Suspends Boy For Threatening a Classmate With The One Ring
Lord of the Rings fan barred from school for threatening pupil with the One Ring
Simon Cowell Collapses After Being Hypnotised By A Dog At Britain's Got Talent Auditions
Runner-up snatches crown off winner at Brazilian beauty pageant
Three-year-old shoots both of his parents
Ex-Power Ranger uses sword to kill roommate in Palmdale, officials say
Woman accepts marriage proposal on cliff, then falls to her death. Close call.
Former Power Ranger has been arrested for allegedly stabbing his roommate to death with a sword
Michael Jackson's Neverland Ranch could be turned into a rehabilitation center for sexually abused children
Red Power Ranger kills housemate with sword
Michael Jackson's Neverland Ranch Might Become A Sex Assault Therapy Camp For Children
N.Y.P.D. Plans Initiatives to Fight Terrorism and Improve Community Relations
Police: Ocala man tried to circumcise his nephew with kitchen knife
'Power Ranger' actor arrested in fatal sword attack
School suspends boy for threatening classmate with LOTR ring
Former Power Ranger Arrested for Murdering Roommate with a Sword
Tourism Advert for Venezuela proclaiming great hospitality toward foreigners is withdrawn after man in photograph used turns out to be US journalist arrested in Venezuela.
Media Misinformation On Greece Misleads European Leaders
Michael Jackson's estate, Neverland Ranch, may become a rehab center for children recovering from sexual assault.
Man arrested after climbing bike rack outside White House
Couple caught in office sex romp
The owner of a popular vegetarian restaurant was morally opposed to wiping out a cockroach infestation because it would have involved "killing little insects".
Former Power Ranger Allegedly Fatally Stabs Roommate With Sword Near Santa Clarita Valley
Office sex romp under investigation
Hedgehog and snail caught in sticky situation
Power Rangers Actor Arrested for Fatal Roommate Stabbing
Madden '15 predicts Patriots will beat the Seahawks 28-24 in the Super Bowl.....that's exactly what happened
NFL: It's Super Bowl 50, not L
Power Rangers Actor Ricardo Medina Arrested for Killing Friend with Sword
Darrell Bevell's success in Seattle might score NFL head coaching job
Survey: 1 in 4 Americans believe God helps decide who wins games like the Super Bowl
Former 'Power Ranger' arrested for killing roommate with samurai sword.
EA Sports Madden Correctly Predicts 3rd and 4th Quarter Scores of SuperBowl
Madden simulation accurately predicts Super Bowl XLIX score
Ex-Power Ranger allegedly uses sword to kill roommate
3-Year-Old Shoots Dad, Pregnant Mom in Albuquerque Motel Room
Ex-Christian Katy Perry Promotes Dark Magic And LGBT Agenda At 2015 Super Bowl Halftime Show
"Mormon Stories" podcast founder contemplates excommunication
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers star arrested after roommate stabbed with sword
George Lucas: I'm not a sci-fi fan
Man plays Super Mario World with his nose and a recorder
Power Ranger suspected of murder in roommate's stabbing death
US toddler accidentally shoots father, pregnant mother
Furniture Retailer to Refund $2 Million to Customers if 3 Inches of Snow Fall on Chicago
Man Shoots Cars Parked in Shoveled Spaces After Blizzard, Cops Say
Ireland's New ID Card Lets You Use a Selfie As Your Photo
Super Bowl spoiler alert: Patriots beat Seahawks 28-24, says Madden NFL 15
Accused Walmart Groper, 18, Told Cops He Was Powerless Against An Enticing "Booty"
'Power Rangers' Actor Accused Of Killing Roommate With Sword
Donating Poop Can Help Save A Sh*tload Of Lives
Vegetarian restaurateur did not want to kill cockroaches on moral grounds
Confessed Killer's "Invisible Handcuffs" Turn Out To Really Just Be a Water Bottle, Bringing More Mockery To Mexican Government
For Red Power Ranger stabs room.mate with sword in Green Valley home.
Former "Power Ranger" actor arrested in fatal sword attack
Man claims captive dolphin seduced him into a year long affair.
Boost Up Sales or Improve Conversation Rate Using Social Media Tools
Asda shoplifters posting stolen DVDs to themselves using in-store Post Office
Emre Kaya Ayna YEPYENI 2014
McDonald's To Release 'Love Beats Hatin' As New Slogan After 'I'm Lovin' It'
Dentist arrested on suspicion of trying to burn rival dental practices
Israeli Amb. Tweets Netanyahu-Super Bowl Joke, Internet Not Amused
When Good Friends Falter
Oregon strippers lobby for better work conditions
Russell Wilson throws game-ending interception to Malcolm Butler
Neverland Ranch might become a sex-assault rehab for kids
Meet the man who claims dolphin 'seduced' him into having 'sex'
Pret A Porter, the haute-couture website, runs feature highlighting the design prowess behind Katy Perry's half-time show costumes
Moncler Womens Jackets Discount Cheap Sale
Woman gets TennCare help 6 days after her death
N.Y. Cop Draws Gun on Black Youths to Halt Snowball Fight
Death metal band Napalm Death the last hope for Australian drug smugglers
e2020 - Take Education2020 Student Courses - Edgenuity
Huckabee: having to accept gay marriage is like telling Jews to serve 'bacon-wrapped shrimp'
Former Power Ranger Allegedly Stabs, Kills Roommate With Sword Near Santa Clarita Valley
Ex-Power Ranger Star Held Over Sword Attack
I had a sexual relationship with a dolphin who seduced me
Red Power Ranger actor charged with murdering flatmate with sword
Emergency services ask public to stop taking photos at crash scenes
YESS! It's Pantsr, the Sharing Economy super app that delivers on the BOTTOM line
$1 bacon scented scratch-off tickets sold in NH
Could Tehran (Yes, Tehran) Be the Next Aspen?
NFL investigating Atlanta Falcons' use of artificial crowd noise in Georgia Dome.
Philip Glass to score forthcoming Fantastic Four film
Iran's House of Cartoon to hold a Holocaust cartoon competition in response to Charlie Hebdo
Luhansk Leader Says Separatists Using Russian Pop Music as Psychological Warfare
Wisconsin's Treasurer Wants to Cut Needless Workers, Starting With Himself
Residents outraged by image of an evolving man taking out the trash
Red Ranger involved in fatal sword attack
Donald Trump blames Barack Obama for Seahawks' questionable play call
'I had sex with Dolly the dolphin in year-long affair after she SEDUCED me at theme park'.
Former Power Ranger Ricardo Medina Jr arrested for allegedly murdering man with a sword
German neo-Nazi party cancels protest after boarding the wrong train
Former Power Rangers Star Arrested for Murdering Roommate with a Samurai Sword
3 naked protesters arrested during demonstration against San Francisco's 2-year-old nudity ban
Teen faces jail after 'filming porn video in university library'
Nine-year-old Lord of the Rings fan suspended for pretending to have the One Ring.
'Mighty Morphin Power Rangers' actor fatally stabs his roommate with sword
Former power ranger charged with stabbing roommate to death with a sword
Masturbating in 'private' college hallway not a crime: Ex-con
Chelsea footballer punches bus in act of road rage
'Power Rangers' actor allegedly kills roommate with sword
German neo-Nazi party cancels protest after boarding wrong train.
Oregon strippers lobby for better work conditions: Around the country, strippers have stepped up their fight for better working conditions. Some are suing. Others have filed complaints with state regulators. A handful have unionized.
Holly Willoughby slips on her leggings and trainers as she takes a walk in West London following birth of third child
Florida Supreme Court to decide the definition of sexual intercourse
Danny Dyer: Game of Thrones turned me down three times
An investigation into the dancing sharks at Katy Perry's Super Bowl show
Christie Says Parents Should Have 'Choice' on Vaccinations
#LikeABoy trends as 'meninists' react to #LikeAGirl ad
Police: Va. man impersonating officer pulls over real cop
School suspends student for threatening to make classmate disappear with the One Ring
Machete-wielding man shot by police gets $5,000 from NYC
Texas boy suspended after bringing 'ring of power' to school
Under Suspicious Circumstances, FBI Places Brother of No-Fly Litigant on Most Wanted Terrorist List
Iran launches Holocaust denial cartoon contest
Texas Boy Suspended For 'Threatening' Classmate With The One Ring
Former Power Rangers Actor, Ricardo Medina, Allegedly Stabbed Room Mate to Death with a Sword
Hungry goats offered as alternative to proposed burn at Rocky Flats refuge
Va. man impersonates policeman, pulls over real cop
Egypt offers year long free public transportation to bomb informers
Simon Cowell 'hypnotised by a dog' on Britain's Got Talent
Mark Ronson interview cut short after musician attacked by swarm of bees
Man claims dolphin 'seduced' him into having 'sex'
9-Year-Old Boy Suspended for Using Lord of the Rings Magic on Fellow Student
A Woman Offers to Marry Anyone Who Offers To Save Her Sick Brother
The Super Bowl was a win for feminism
Power Ranger arrested for fatally stabbing his roomate
Jimmy the Groundhog bites Sun Prairie mayor
Deputies: Woman ate dog treats and left without paying for them
Watch The Super Bowl Or We'll Kick This Dog: The Saddest Ads Ever
Ex-Power Ranger kills roommate with samurai sword
Ex-Power Ranger Murdered Roommate With a Sword, L.A. Cops Say
Ex-Power Ranger uses sword to kill roommate, officials say
KATY PERRY'S ILLUMINATI HALF-TIME RITUAL SHOW EXPOSED!
Man trapped in deja vu for 8 years
1996 Lockheed Martin Swathboat / Support Vessel Power Boat For Sale -
This mysterious Super Bowl ad highlights a new bomber plane you're not allowed to see
'Breaking Bad' contest winner takes plea deal in synthetic pot case, gets two years in prison
The Japanese Government Is Trying To Figure Out How To Get Its People To Have More Sex
Sony sells Sony Online Entertainment, company's president excited to make Xbox One games
Ricardo Medina Jr., Former Power Ranger, Arrested For Allegedly Killing Roommate With Sword
Fargo Man Arrested for Allegedly Driving Zamboni Drunk on the Job
Venezuelan shop owners arrested over long queues
COMPANY PAYING UP TO $13,000 A YEAR FOR SAMPLES OF YOUR POOP
Not My Job: Sen. Jon Tester Gets Quizzed On Testers Of Johns
Miss Amazon descends into farce as runner-up snatches crown from winner
Val Kilmer's family says actor's faith is hampering tumor treatment: report
McDonald's Now Selling its Big Mac Special Sauce for $18,000 a Bottle
Naked man with cowboy hat walks down the middle of I-75
Iceland to build first temple to Norse gods since Viking age
Golfer Brooke Pancake signs endorsement deal with Waffle House
Feminist Comedian Kate Smurthwaite Forced To Cancel Uni Show - Because Student Feminists Didn't Like Her Feminism
Texas boy, 9, suspended for threatening to use 'Hobbit' magic, dad says - Washington Times
Bruce Jenner Is 'Transitioning into a Woman,' Source Confirms to PEOPLE
'Happy lamps' are installed in train carriages to help treat winter depression.
Va. Man Impersonating Officer Pulls Over Real Cop
Ex-Power Ranger kills man with sword.
Mother and daughter used Ouija board to contact dead dog and are now fighting for their lives
Euclid Police: 'Poop-Gangsta' flushed out, caught
Irish pair blag their way into Super Bowl and sit in seats worth $50k
Police battle naked man throwing snowballs
Ouija board dog killer's wife and step daughter arrested after fire destroys their home
This beer is literally made from piss
New Internet Craze Is Drinking Your Own Urine, 'Bubbling'
Democrats tell Chris Christie to 'shut up before people actually get hurt'
Man gets so drunk he replied to his OWN text after night out
Nash Grier from Vine is selling his old iPod on eBay and the current bid is at 11M.
Power Ranger kills someone with sword
Groundhog bites Sun Prairie mayor's ear - chaos ensues
US says Joe Biden is not plotting to overthrow Venezuela's president
Florida Man Asks Cop If He Can Borrow His Gun; Says He Needs to "Take Care of Some N****s"
Boy Suspended For Threatening Friend With Ring Forged In Fires Of Mount Doom
St Pete man builds gun range in yard, neighbors outraged
Load of frozen chicken barbecued by fiery big-rig crash
Photographers Complain About Yellow Car Found in Picturesque English Village
This Woman Hasn't Smiled in Over 40 Years In Order to Prevent Wrinkles On Her Face.
Howard U. Middle School parents say principal fired social studies instructors for teaching black history
Big rigs collide: Frozen chicken scorched, bees flying 'everywhere'
Jewish Journalist Compared To Hitler For Doubting Climate Change Claims
Chinese zoo angers visitors by passing off hairy Tibetan mastiff dog as lion
BRAVO STAR DIED IN SUPERMAN STUNT Trying to Outrun Train
LiveLeak.com - Police Officer Pulls Gun On Teens Armed With Snowballs [Video]
Donald Trump Blames Barack Obama for Seahawks' Super Bowl Questionable Play Call
Police: Meat from shoplifters' pants used at food carts
"No way, this is America, not Mexico or Latin America". Vermont's new state logo is in Latin. Conservatives bash Latinos.
Rand Paul: Vaccines Can Lead to 'Mental Disorders'
Dozens of dog-sized jackrabbits swarm development in North Dakota.
DAILY DERP: VERMONT'S NEW STATE MOTTO IS IN LATIN - CONSERVATIVES BASH LATINOS (SCREENSHOTS)
A new guard for Asgard: Iceland building first temple to Norse gods in 1,000 years
The 2016 Presidential Election Might Literally Hinge Upon Pitbull
Pagan priest wants the theft of a statue of the Irish God of the Sea 'Manannán Mac Lír' to be treated as a hate crime
Sand Mountain Sam, Alabama's weather-predicting possum, disagrees with Punxsutawney Phil's forecast
Even ISIS supports getting kids vaccinated
'Feminist' comedian claims uni gig pulled over 'feminist threat'
Obviously somebody had to find the #LikeAGirl Super Bowl ad offensive
Texas School Halts The Dark Lord Sauron's Corruption by Suspending Alleged Ring Bearer.
Fourth-grader finds One Ring to rule them all, and in the darkness get him suspended
Bitcoin Elite to Gather on Secret Island for Bilderberg-Style Retreat
Snow falling in Plymouth city centre described as "white"and "cold"
Vermont xenophobes horrified at the idea of Latin motto
Woman struck by vehicle, cited
Mummified monk is 'not dead' and in rare meditative state, says expert
Simon Cowell collapses following dog hypnotism
Alex Jones proved Katy Perry's Illuminati connection
Little kid suspended for brazen use of Lord of the Rings magic
Val Kilmer's family says actor's Christian Scientist faith is hampering tumor treatment
Television presenter goes for walk. Wears trainers.
Interpreter dedicates 5 years to U.S. military. Still waiting for a visa after the Taliban started murdering his family in retaliation.
Florida man draws ire of neighbors after building gun range in his backyard, but police say it's legal
Power Rangers Actor Arrested After Killing Roommate With a Sword
Rihanna wants Leonardo DiCaprio "To get a six pack"
Groundhog bites mayor Jon Freund during traditional ceremony in Wisconsin
Tony Abbott (Prime Minister) tells Australia: 'No, you're the problem'
The Fight For Pitbull's Political Soul: Republicans Want Pitbull To Join Them
Boy, 9, suspended after threatening to make friend vanish with One Ring
Margate potato masher attack
Jimmy The Groundhog Bites Mayor, Signifying That Winter Will Last Forever
Limo-Riding Groundhog Bites Wisconsin Mayor
Florida Tries to Make Teen Sexting a Crime, Actually Makes Teen Sexting Impossible to Prosecute
Middle School Students Had A 'Sex Party': Cops
German judge found in hotel room with younger lover, €30,000 and loaded gun confesses to selling exam papers to law students
Trucks carrying frozen chicken, bees collide in fiery crash
Chris Christie wades into measles vaccination row
Illinois law would ban terrorists from serving as tax-paid professors
Kid Suspended for Attempting to Use the One Ring
London Mayor Boris Johnson: Extremists 'porn-driven'
Australian restaurant owner ignored cockroach issue because of vegetarianism
Town rabbits downsize homes
Simon Cowell hypnotised by a German Spitz during talent auditions
Texas Fourth-Grader Suspended For Telling Classmate He Could Make Him 'Disappear' With Magic Ring
Half of Pennsylvanians would rather be represented by a groundhog in Congress.
Fargo Police say they can't do anything about rabbit problem in South Fargo
Obama Forgets to Salute Marine , See What Happens Next!
Texas school suspends boy for making terroristic threats with a magic hobbit ring.
Jimmy the Groundhog turns on the mayor
Midwest Smacked by Historic Snowfall, Basically Shrugs it Off
giàn phơi thông minh kim văn kim lũ
Canadians horrified to learn it's still winter
App calculates how likely your plane is to crash
UMass Amherst students celebrate New England Patriots Super Bowl XLIX win without violence
Woman Sues P.F. Chang's Over 'Discriminatory' Gluten-Free Menu
ZAMBONI DRIVER ARRESTED FOR DUI AT HIGH SCHOOL HOCKEY GAME
Yasiel Puig is motivated by the trolling of a 10-year-old Cardinals fan
Japanese Astronauts Plan on Recreating an Iconic Scene from Evangelion
After Being Fired by New York Jets, Coach Rex Ryan Changes Tattoo
Ex-Power Ranger uses sword to kill roommate, authorities say
Women fight for life after ouija board warning
Ice resurfacer driver arrested on suspicion of DUI during hockey game
Law Seeks To Help Sexual Assault Victims By Believing Them
'Am I Going Down?' New app analyzes odds of your flight crashing
Churches in Mountain Home, Ark. refuse funeral for gay man
SHOCKING! These tiny insects, reptiles kill lakhs of people every year ~ AndroidHippo
How to Monitor Your Kid's iPhone or Android Text Messages
NTSB: Selfies caused fatal Colo. plane crash
Teenagers kicked out of Natural History Museum for wearing onesies
Red Power Ranger allegedly pulls sword, stabs roommate to death
Florida Man Tried to Circumcise Nephew with a Kitchen Knife
Always Super Bowl ad 'Like a Girl' prompts #LikeABoy response
The Florida Legislature Accidentally Legalized Sexting Among Teens
A £9m spelling mistake by Companies House made this 134-year family business go bust
UK Lords Try To Sneak Through Snooper's Charter Once Again EX POST from /r/unitedkingdom
Fourth-Grader Suspended for 'Lord of the Rings' Magic
Ukip candidate uses Bulgarian worker to deliver campaign leaflets
Albanian highwaymen outwitted by Chinese karate skills
Bank manager unwittingly gave £830,000 to conman because he wanted to go eat his fish'n'chips
Morrissey cancels gig in Iceland after venue refuses to go vegetarian Read more at http://www.nme.com/news/morrissey/82632?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=morrissey#xsZJxY6figuhRyzU.99
Morrissey Cancels Iceland Show Because Venue Serves Meat
Cub Scouts' hike ends up at local nude beach
Kim Jong-un says North Korean poverty keeps him up at night
'Jimmy the Groundhog' turns on, bites Wisconsin mayor
Bird flu infects dog
A woman and her daughter have been left in a critical condition following a blaze at their home after reportedly using a ouija board to contact their dead dog.
200 female students at Queen's sign up to sex for gifts dating site
Child pornography found at the Vatican
Croatian model arrested, faces attempted murder charge after stabbing twin sister in jealous rage over boyfriend
City Drops Plan to Put Migrants in Former Nazi Concentration Camp
Texas Boy Suspended for Threatening Classmate with "Lord of the Rings" Ring
Playing video games with your vagina
Images emerge of 'gay' man 'thrown from building by Isis militants before he is stoned to death after surviving fall'
Wyoming deputy of 40 years quits after new sheriff bans wearing Western attire
Ukip MP Seems Really Good At Playing Hello Kitty World
Restaurant Gets Hate Emails From 'CrossFit People' For Trying to Go Vegan
11-Year-Old Girl Uses Shotgun to Save Herself From Home Invader
Audit: Post Office Workers 'Rude' and 'Worse than Other Retailers'
Nuclear Power might be considered a renewable energy source in Arizona
NTSB: "Selfies" likely contributed to fatal plane crash near Denver
HTC just started a rap battle with Apple and Samsung
New Middle East News Network Launches Vowing Free Speech, Gets Shut Down After One Day
A Ukip MP wants you to come play Hello Kitty World with him
"Selfies" likely contributed to fatal plane crash near Denver.
NTSB: Selfies caused fatal Colorado plane crash
Florida Man Accused of Killing Gators for Super Bowl Meal
Scientists Discover Student Loans Are Stressful
Morrissey Axes Iceland Show Because Venue Serves Meat.
I never intended to kill his penis I was just angry: Mpumalanga acid attack girl
Rand Paul Thinks Most Vaccinations Should Be Voluntary, ISIS doesn't
'Power Rangers' actor arrested in fatal sword stabbing in California
Too much jogging 'as bad as no exercise at all'
Harvey Weinstein's company auctions off an unpaid internship for $25,000
Europe Dreads America's Chlorinated Chickens
Selfies caused fatal Colorado plane crash
Taking 'Selfies' May Have Played Role In Fatal Plane Crash.
Monopoly maker secretly includes real money in special edition of game
Kim Jong-un Says N.Korean Poverty Keeps Him Up at Night
Nicolas Cage Praises Hayden Christensen's "Edgy, Dark & Soulful" Performance In The 'Star Wars' Prequels
Article: Toddlers pose a serious risk to smartphones and tablets
repair your credit report
Obama Warns Against Exaggerating the Islamic State Threat
North Dakota Is being invaded by giant jack rabbits
FRESHMAN GOP SENATOR: I'M OKAY WITH NOT FORCING RESTAURANT WORKERS TO WASH UP
Red Power Ranger Arrested for Murdering Roommate with a Sword
Texas School Suspends 9-Year-Old For Pretending He Had Hobbit 'Ring of Power'
Meet the Software Developer Responsible for One of the Super Bowl's Most Memorable Tweets
Selfies may have caused a Colorado plane crash that killed two people, NTSB says
GOP Senator: Don't force employees to wash their hands after using toilet
Riding Off Into the Sunset: Lawman Retires Over Cowboy Hat Ban
Katy Perry Promotes Dark Magic
Flock of Sheep Pledge to Follow Couillard Government
Florida teenagers can sext with legal impunity thanks to stupid legislature.
This Woman Hasn't Smiled In 40 Years All So She Could Avoid Wrinkles
GOP Senator: Let restaurants 'opt out' of handwashing after toilet to 'reduce regulatory burden'
An Australian Vegan Restaurant Refused to Exterminate Its Cockroaches Because It Didn't Want to Kill Animals
Chinese teenager chops off his own hand in a bid to cure his addiction to the Internet
Thousands of bees and frozen chicken meet in a fiery highway crash. Barbecue ensues.
Female Catholic claimed bias ... after female Catholic got job she wanted
Take this job and...: New dress code prompts veteran Sublette County deputy to retire
Groundhog chomps down on Wisconsin mayor's ear. Forecast calls for confusion.
Chinese teen chops hand off to 'cure' internet addiction
Businessman who ripped out a man's heart and ATE it 'to prove he was not gay' apologises to victim's family and admits he 'exceeded the boundaries of self-defence'
Patriots coach's lip-locking with daughter raises eyebrows
ISIS video purports to show Jordanian pilot burned alive
Taking Selfies May Have Played Role In Fatal Plane Crash Near Watkins
NTSB: Selfies contribute to plane crash that killed 2 near Front Range Airport in Colorado
Woman haunted by fishy ghost
The Illuminati have cloned a dead Egyptian actress to make Jennifer Lawrence
Avril Lavigne blue hair dye tribute sees Merseyside student taught in isolation
After escaping to South Korea, some defectors now want to return north
Publishers print anti-ISIS coloring books; Ask kids: 'Whatcha gonna do when they come for you?'
Over 300 manatees close down Three Sisters Springs
Glasgow foodbank thieves steal girl's holiday fund
NTSB: Taking selfies likely caused fatal Colorado plane crash
Man wearing 'devil horns' steals woman's wallet at Brooklyn bar: cops
One Man's Quest to Rid Wikipedia of Exactly One Grammatical Mistake
Derbyshire is a hotbed of Satanism
New York pastor: Justin Bieber is transgender
Germany housing refugees in former death camps
Russia Claims to Develop "Anti-Crisis" Cow That Doesn't Need Food
Activist Argues Women's Restroom Wait Times Are Sexist
NTSB: Selfies Likely Caused Colorado Plane Crash
Woman with kangaroo asked to leave McDonald's
Senator says maybe restaurants shouldn't make employees wash their hands
Woman Known for Feeding Bears Found Dead in North Carolina Woods
Lawyer who lost $500 pen at courthouse asks Douglas County: Find it or replace it
FOURTH GRADER SUSPENDED FOR BRINGING HIS 'ONE RING' TO SCHOOL
Man swipes a new jacket from TK Maxx, leaves his old one hanging on a rail, with his records from the police national computer inside a pocket.
Nicholas Cage Praises Hayden Christenson's Acting In The Star Wars Prequels
"Selfies" contribute to fatal plane crash, investigators say.
Tupac Séance to revive spirit of deceased hip hop legend
Mysterious Man in Cowboy Garb Has $800K Coming to Him, But Can't Be Found
Investigators Say Selfies "Likely" Contributed to Plane Crash That Left Two Dead
Science Says Binge-Watching Is for Sad, Lonely People
Cub Scouts' Hike Leads to Nude Beach
TTC removes penis shaped map at Downsview station
New York cowboy living off grid in the woods has $820K coming his way, but no one can find him
Tourist dries her bra, panty at Thai airport
An Australian Vegan Restaurant Refuses to Exterminate Its Cockroaches Because It Didn't Want to Kill Animals
Cockpit Selfies Led to Fatal Plane Crash: NTSB
French job posting requests that Jews not apply, 'if possible'
Groundhog bites Wisconsin mayor's ear during ceremony
Fourth grader suspended for making magical threats.
Photography Event Raided By Police After Being Mistaken For Rave
Tajik IS Militant In Syria: 'We'll Convert Native Americans To Islam And Build Them Mosques'
Girl poured acid on boyfriend's penis after he released sex tape
Woman with kangaroo service animal asked to leave McDonald's following complaint
Beyoncé Launches an On-demand Vegan Meal Delivery Service
Gay Man Placed in Charge of Republican Party
Florida man had year-long sexual relationship with a dolphin
NBC alters Nick Offerman NASCAR ad after gluten joke offends celiac community
Lance Armstrong hit parked cars
Texas School Says 9-Year-Old's 'Magic Powers' Are a Terrorist Threat
Republican senator says restaurants should be able to opt-out of mandatory handwashing
Someone Already Got A 'Left Shark' Tattoo, Because Of Course
TTC removes 'phallic-looking' sign from Downsview station
Supreme Court lets stand ruling that firing woman for breastfeeding not sexist since men can lactate
Thom Tillis on Burdensome Regulations, Like Hand-Washing at Restaurants
Sheriff Who Bragged Police Dog Ripped Testicles Off Suspect Also Told Drivers To Run Over Protesters
The man suspected of posing as a One Rincon Hill developer in SF to steal $1.3 million just bought a house in Oregon and named it "Rincon Hill" in his ad to rent it on Craigslist.
GOP senator: Don't make employees wash their hands after going to the bathroom, because freedom
Selfies likely causes deadly plane crash
Thom Tillis: Keep Government Out of the Bathroom
Yellowstone Super-Volcano on Verge Of Erupting - 2 week time-frame.
4th Grade child expelled for bringing the "One Ring" to school and threatening to use his magic to make another kid disappear with it.
Wife sees Christchurch office sex-romp images on Facebook
Texas Marks Chris Kyle Day
GOP Senator wants to let restaurants opt of hand washing after using the bathroom.
Dropped umbrella leaves No. 7 subway line shut down for hours
40 percent of likely Iowa GOP caucus voters say Beyonce is 'mental poison'
GOP Senator says restaurants should be able to 'opt out' of hand washing after using the bathroom.
NYPD Announce New Machine Gun-Free Unit To Handle Protesters
Toronto transit removes penis-shaped map after photos circulate on social media
Greece's new finance minister looks like a normal person - how refreshing
Fatal Denver plane crash was likely caused by pilot taking selfie, say investigators
GOP Sen. Tillis: Restaurants Shouldn't Force Employees to Wash Their Hands
Pilot's selfies "likely" caused fatal crash, flight investigators say
Beverly Hills hotel offers $100,000 'Pretty Woman' package
Student Arrested For Making Porn Video In University Library
To Promote A New Album, Bob Dylan Gave His Only Interview To ... The AARP?
Air Force captain convicted of leading violent street gang
National Transportation Safety Board Says Selfies Likely Helped Cause Fatal Plane Crash
Vermont Considers Latin State Motto, Commenters Freak Out About Latinos
GOP senator: Forcing food workers to wash hands in bathroom not necessary
Meet Dr. Chuck Tingle, the Author Behind Amazon's Most Absurd Gay Erotica
Prognosticating Groundhog Bites Wisconsin Mayor's Ear
UK House of Commons OKs making babies from DNA of 3 people
Selfies likely factor in fatal Colorado plane crash, investigators say
Woman with kangaroo asked to leave McDonald's in Wisconsin
Police: Lance Armstrong hit parked cars, blamed girlfriend
IRS says it's using technology from JFK's time
Senator says restaurant employees shouldn't be required to wash their hands
Seaweed, dueling laws could get the ax in Rhode Island
Billy Corgan: 'Nobody believes I made a three-star record. Nobody!'
Alabama H.S. basketball game ends 2-0
Woman With Kangaroo Asked to Leave Wisconsin McDonald's
Anti-Clean Air Rally in Utah?
Armed burglar caught after witness told police he looks like Cat from Red Dwarf
Selfies likely contributed to a Colorado plane crash last year
'Taking the Peasants' Side': Paris Hilton's Brother Charged in In-Flight Ruckus
For the Love of Goop Don't Steam Your Vagina
Hack warning over SEX TOYS: Researchers say 'teledildonic' devices are unsecure and strangers could take control at any time
Anti-Vaxxer Doctor: I Don't Care If My Kids Get Your Kids Sick
Luckiest Cub Scout Troop Ever Accidentally Hikes to Nude Beach
NC State Senator Says Restaurant Workers Shouldn't Have To Wash Hands
Prediksi Napoli vs Inter Milan 5 Februari 2015
MPs say yes to three-person babies
Alan Turing's notes found being used as roof insulation in Hut 6 at Bletchley Park
GOP freshman Thom Tillis not sure restaurants should be required to make employees wash hands
Man Who Had Sex With a Dolphin Speaks Out About Their Year-Long Affair and Claims SHE Seduced Him.
'I think we just recognized gay marriage,' lawmaker says after amendment to gun permit bill
Channing Tatum Says They're Developing a Sequel to MAGIC MIKE
Utah lawmakers question if sex with an unconscious person is rape
Nancy Reagan didn't help Rock Hudson
Woman with baby kangaroo in car seat asked to leave Wisconsin McDonald's
League of Legends eSports League Restricts LGBT Players due to 'Unfair Advantage'
17-Year-Old Caught Bringing Drugs, Paraphernalia Into County Court House
Anti-Gay Group Leader's Wife Left Him For Another Woman
Bloomberg - Standard & Poor's Is Sorry About That Credit Crisis
Watch a live stream of the only remaining McDonald's hamburger in Iceland
Boy Suspended for Making 'Terroristic Threat' With Magic 'Hobbit' Ring
$100K San Francisco Tech Worker Asks Redditors For Advice On Living Out Of A Tent To Save Money
Fascists in North Oakland, California
Sen. Thom Tillis: Employees shouldn't have to wash hands after using the bathroom
Frank Gehry's 'brown paper bag' opens in Sydney
NTSB: Selfies likely caused fatal plane crash - Report says its likely the use of a cell phone 'distracted the pilot'
Russia May Slap Germany With A $4.5 Trillion Lawsuit For Nazi Atrocities
Cannabis Is Making Colorado So Much Money They Literally Have To Give Some Back To Residents
Priest outed as gay porn star, claims he was touched by god.
Russian nationalists suggest enormous lawsuit against Germany over WWII damages
When Professors Bite Back
Stinky smells may help smokers quit
Walmart heiress' ex-Husband says he needs a quarter of a million dollars a month since he has become accustomed to their lifestyle.
Texas man arrested after attempting to pay property tax in $1 bills
Photo Walk Broken Up by Police After Being Mistaken for a Rave
'Penis-shaped' Toronto bus station map removed by transit officials after going viral
RANDY QUAID SIMULATES SEX WITH 'RUPERT MURDOCH' AFTER AIRING GRIEVANCES WITH NEWS CORP.
OUTRAGEOUS! Woman with kangaroo asked to leave Beaver Dam McDonald's
Putin says Ukraine needs to repay a $3 billion loan because Russia needs the money to fight its financial crisis
Police bust Zamboni driver for DUI during girls high school hockey game
Texas man arrested for paying tax in $1 bills
Soviet Cosmonauts Carried a Shotgun Into Space
Woman ditched smiling for 40 years to avoid wrinkles
Couples out on V-Day will be married off: Hindu Mahasabha - The Times of India o
Norway to ban aiding beggars in new law
Couples out on V-Day will be married off: Hindu Mahasabha
Giant Guinea Pig Had Bite As Strong As A Tiger ~ AndroidHippo
Only One LGBTQ Person Allowed Per Team In League Of Legends Tournament
Window fitter said he ate another man's heart 'to prove he was not gay'
Measles Outbreak Proves Delicate Issue to G.O.P. Field
Police ask woman with kangaroo to leave Wisconsin McDonald's following customer complaint
'Our game-plan was to be super confident' - Irish pair blag their way into Super Bowl and sit in $50k seats
Japanese bank introduces robot workers to deal with customers in branches
US Senator says restaurant employees shouldn't be required to wash their hands
Man charged after trying to circumcise nephew with kitchen knife
San Antonio restaurant serves breakfast tacos with a side of lingerie
Florida man circumcised 20-month-old nephew with kitchen knife
Pot Is Making Colorado So Much Money They Literally Have To Give Some Back To Residents
Utah Legislator is worried that under proposed legislation sex with unconscious wife would be considered rape
Senator suggests food service employees should not be required to wash hands
Facing the crocodile that 'ate my wife'
Saudi Arabia Holds All Male Women's Rights Conference
Utah lawmaker questions whether sex with an unconscious person is rape 'in every instance'
Selfies likely involved in fatal plane crash, U.S. officials say
Teen pours acid on boyfriend's penis
German neo-Nazis cancel rally after boarding wrong train
A groundhog just chomped down on a Wisconsin mayor's ear
Penis acid attack: 'I wanted him to feel my pain'
Scientists pledge to increase interference with the Church
Power outages are apartheid's fault: Zuma
Scientists pledge to increase interference with the Church (UK)
Great white shark 'slammed' and killed by a pod of killer whales in South Australia
200-year-old Mongolian mummy may still be 'alive' according to Buddhist academic
Tony Abbott's wife Margie reaches out to MP's wives to get support for her husband, the Prime Minister
Mummified 200-year-old monk 'NOT dead' but in 'very deep meditation'
Man guilty of selling fake urine
Young bride too shy could turn out a boy!
US Senator thinks we should remove the burden of requiring hand washing by substituting a regulation of putting up signs to warn that hand washing is not required.
New bark park may test dog poop for DNA
Fears anti-water charge sentiment may trigger 'No' vote on same-sex marriage
Scientists pledge to increase interference with church
Katy Perry's Half-Time Show Had 2 Million Views More Than the Actual Game
Scientists Confirm Link Between BMW Ownership And Being An Asshole
Court finds that you need money to pay rent
Parish council rethinks sign naming road Hitler's Walk
NTSB: Selfies likely caused fatal plane crash
League of Legends competition places discriminatory limit on LGBTQ players
Cornish parish council rethinks sign naming park 'Hitlers Walk'
تحديث فيديو اعدام معاذ الكساسبة حرقاً اليوم الاربعاء 4 فبراير 2015 الفيديو كامل -18 لاعدام الطيار معاذ الكساسبة حرقا
Controversy as Cornish town reinstates 'Hitlers Walk'
Comcast Says It's Working On Making It Harder To Change Customers' Names To "A**hole"
Christian Racist Teen Dies for 5 Minutes, Comes Back & Says Jesus is a N***
Theater shooting juror with unvaccinated grandchild rips out own hair, dismissed
Racine woman reports car stolen, only to find it covered in snow
Sen. Mike Lee Warns: Net Neutrality Will Be A Massive Tax Increase On YOU!
NY pastor: Justin Bieber is trans and 'cut off his breasts' because Obama's 'evil spirits' misled him
Senator Tillis: Employees Shouldn't Be Forced To Wash Their Hands
Florida Supreme Court asked to define sexual intercourse
Wisconsin woman kicked out of McDonald's over kangaroo 'service animal'
Sean Lennon's Tree of Heaven Creating Hell for Marisa Tomei's Parents: Suit
Is Your First Grader College Ready?
911 Operator in Fatal Crash tells Teen to "Stop Whining"
Argentine President's Tweet Mocks Chinese Accent During Official Visit
Chinese teenager chops off left hand in attempt to cure Internet addiction
After nine years of marriage, man says he found out his wife was a bigamist
Police Ask Woman With Kangaroo To Leave Wis. McDonald's
Woman reports car stolen, only to find it covered in snow
After ISIS execution, angry King Abdullah quotes Clint Eastwood to U.S. lawmakers
Chinese teen chops off hand over internet addiction
Chinese teen chops off own hand to beat internet addiction
AG's Office: Raped teacher should have known better
People Who Use Emojis Have More Sex
Police Called For Woman With Kangaroo At McDonalds
Vietnam buries thousands of cats smuggled for restaurants
Robot Scientist to Discover Drugs Dramatically Faster
Doctors without Borders to open free measles clinics inside vegan restaurants and organic grocery grow ops
Cornish town embroiled in row over plan to rename beauty spot 'Hitler's Walk'
British Village Insists 'Hitlers Walk' is a Valid Name for Tourist Attraction
Businessman held for bid to kill guard with Hummer
Why An Atheist Feels Guilty About His $100,000-Per-Year Bible App Business
Utah legislators go bigger with commemorative firearm for the 2015 session
Randy Quaid slams Murdoch in bizarre sex video
Arizona Wildcats license plate causes stir at MVD
Rutgers Professor Defends Billionaire Pedophile: 14-Year-Old Prostitution Isn't 'So Heinous'
The FAA lets companies stake a claim to landing spots on the moon
This Republican Senator Is Fighting For Your Freedom Not To Wash Your Hands In The Bathroom
Deadly Plane Crash In Colorado Caused By Pilot Taking Selfies
Selfies linked to deadly plane crash near Denver
A Fake Bank Is Built and Scams people Out of 32 million dollars
Even cockroaches have different personalities, scientists find
SRSO: Man pauses for nap during police pursuit
Daily Beast editor to Rand Paul: 'F--- you'
Giraffe Birth at the Zoo beautiful video
FEMA uses the number of people who are eating at Waffle House to gauge the state of disaster in the South
Woman suffers severe burns after lighting cigarette while sniffing gas in shop toilet
Both fighters in big UFC match fail drug tests
Cousins worried about being separated commit joint suicide at Swiss clinic: weren't terminally ill
Papa John's accidentally runs Seahawks victory commercial
Appellate court lauds KPD officer for not shooting teenage girl
Man with potato-filled toilet pulls fire alarm
Biggest rodent 'fought with teeth' like tusks
Restaurant workers shouldn't have to wash their hands, senator argues
Mike Tyson kicks off Grand National Pigeon Show in California
Condoms $755 for Venezuelans
Texas Man Arrested After Attempt To Pay Taxes With Dollar Bills
Chair of Democratic National Committee opposes Jewish intermarriage and MSNBC showing Gaza footage
Ferguson Police Are Testing 'Less-Lethal' Attachments For Guns
TSA jails innocent traveler when he asks to file a complaint
Diaper-Wearing Service Kangaroo Kicked Out of Wisconsin McDonald's
Vermont Teddy Bear® Aims to Dominate Valentine's Day with Fifty Shades of Grey® Bear
Pigeon pageant for beautiful birds dispels 'rats with wings'
Dominique Strauss-Kahn held 'classy' lunchtime sex parties says former prostitute during trial
Teddy bear maker creates homage to 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
German Government Using a Battlestar Galactica LARP to Train Future Diplomats
Minnesota man bites off girlfriend's ear, beheads cat
Mr. Potato Head: Delco man arrested after clogging toilet with spuds
Do Dems have a women problem? Powerful figures like Clinton and Pelosi may be scaring off good male candidates.
Alabama Boys Basketball Game Ends in 2-0 Final Score
Noel Gallagher: 'I've given my daughter a list of people to insult at Ed Sheeran's Wembley gig'
Twitter is confused about Harper Lee
U.S. Senator: Allow restaurant employees to skip hand-washing
Saudi Arabia holds Women's Conference without a woman in sight
Court says 'men can lactate' as breastfeeding woman's dismissal claim thrown out
Cub Scouts hike through nude beach leaves parents fuming
Sand dune eats lighthouse: Denmark's destructive 'Sahara'
Woman with baby kangaroo asked to leave Beaver Dam McDonald's
Court says something you won't believe!
Judge tells victim's mom not to cry in Aaron Hernandez testimony
Governor Attributes Deadly Metro-North Crash to 'Randomness of Life'
Fatal plane crash caused by pilots taking selfies.
Joe Biden Visits Williamsburg VICE HQ: "I'm A Weird Guy, I Go Where The Action Is"
US colleges offer free food to students who ignore their phones in class
Florida politician stirs up hornet's nest by calling Texas 'crazy state.'
See why a US senator said restaurant employees shouldn't be forced to wash their hands
A University Recognizes a Third Gender: Neutral
Girl Made Sure Everyone On Tinder Knew She Banged Julian Edelman
Sheriff's deputy charged with falsifying timesheets opens lie detector business in Syracuse
Mother of six 'can be sterilised' - court ruling
Springfield infant suffocates from plastic bag placed over mayonnaise-covered head during home lice remedy
Fox News site embeds unedited Isis video showing brutal murder of Jordanian pilot
Florida Supreme court mulls meaning of 'sexual intercourse' in HIV prevention law
Now on sale in France: Monopoly sets filled with real money
Toronto girls hockey league tells coaches they cannot touch players on the bench - not even on the helmet
Woman with 'service' kangaroo named Jimmy asked to leave McDonald's
Jailed Va. lawmaker votes against bill banning 'obscene materials' in jail
Hockey coaches told not to touch girl players - even on helmets
Juggalos aren't a crazy clown gang, they're just hippies with heavy face make-up
Man Claims He Had Sex With a Dolphin After She Seduced Him
Colorado's Pot Revenue Is So High The State May Give Residents Money Back
Paris Hilton's brother charged with disrupting flight, calling passengers 'peasants'
Snellville barber offers 'old man' haircuts for misbehaving kids
The $755 Condom Pack Is the Latest Indignity in Venezuela
Probably the hero we neither need nor deserve. Rugby player criminally charged for assaulting while wearing a Batman suit.
McDonald's eats its words after tamales Facebook ad sparks backlash in Mexico
Bell Canada agent calls customer 'slut' in e-mail because she ranked his service as only 'pretty good'
Jailed lawmaker votes against measure banning porn in jail.
POLICE: UPPER DARBY MAN WITH POTATO-FILLED TOILET PULLS FIRE ALARM
"F***ing peasants": Conrad Hilton arrested for assaulting flight attendants in an epic air rage tantrum
We have searched the internet and looked over all of the information we could gather on whether or not vaccines cause Autism in pediatrics
Cheezburger getting high on cash, pot
League of Legends Tournament Claims LGBT Players Have "Unfair Advantage"
Minnesota man bites off girlfriend's ear, beheads cat: charges
One man has made 47,000 Wikipedia edits to fix 'comprised of'
GOP rep faces ethics complaint over 'Downton Abbey' decorations
Breastfeeding mom loses discrimination case because men can lactate too.
Argentina's President Mocks Chinese Accents During Visit to China
Florida court asked to decide if gay sex constitutes 'intercourse'
Poll: Iowa Republicans Side with Obamas After Huckabee's Beyoncé Attack
A 36-pack of condoms in Venezuela now costs as much as an iPhone in the US
You Can Sell Your Poop For $13k Per Year And Help Science
DWS: Jews Marrying Non-Jews a 'Problem' (But, 'I Don't Oppose' It)
Argentina's president tweets and makes fun of Chinese people during diplomatic visit to China.
Councilmember caught again and again in no parking zones
Woman Sh*ts Self at Napalm Death Show, Gets Asked Out Via Craigslist
Fox News Radio host Tom Sullivan Tells Caller Her Bipolar Disorder Is "Made Up" And "The Latest Fad" For Money
Mistake caused 'penis map' to be put up at Toronto station
Hundreds of parents terrified after school wrongly sent ALL of them texts saying their children were missing
Plymouth woman, 37, asked for ID when buying melon 'in case it fermented into alcohol'
Man distracted by phone misses humpback whale 2 feet away
Breast-Feeding Mom Loses Discrimination Case Because Men Can Lactate Too
Texas student, 9, reportedly suspended over 'Hobbit' ring threat
GOP Gubernatorial Candidate Says Abortions, Unwed Mothers Lead to Child Pornography
Congressman Aaron Schock of Peoria, IL defends his lavish office remodeling at the hands on taxpayer money on the basis that "I'm not an old, crusty white guy."
Reddit confuses the unintentional satire with news that is odd.
"Frozen is hurting boys' self-esteem," Fox host says
Man has nose cut off to look like comic book's Captain America super villain Red Skull
Comic book fan has implants put in his face and part of his nose CHOPPED OFF to fulfil his dream of looking like Captain America's enemy, Red Skull
Advanced US Navy vessel tagged to sell at $180,000
DUI lawyer wins DUI, but loses license for 18 months
Tricked Into Quoting Hitler, Coca-Cola Suspends Automated Tweet Campaign
As oil buyers pull out of Venezuela, condom prices swell to $755
This barber will publicly shame your misbehaving kid with an old man's haircut
Woman becomes obese after fecal transplant from overweight donor
Fox Worries Disney's Frozen Is "Empowering Girls By Turning Our Men Into Fools And Villains"
Huang Xuhua, China's chief submarine designer, has told Shenzhen Satellite Television that China's Type 091 Han-Class nuclear-powered submarine was designed and developed based on two toys from the United States.
Virginia Inmate Lawmaker Votes Against Banning Porn in Jail.
China demands use of real names in social media accounts
Rob Ford 'shocked' that he was potential target in alleged terror plot
It costs $755 to buy a pack of condoms in Venezuela. The government vows to build factories to produce more condoms.
Haslam health plan Insure Tennessee is dead
Fox News: 'Frozen' Is a Threat to Masculinity and Must Be Stopped
Superfan Has Nose Cut Off to Look like Red Skull
'Fox & Friends' Host: 'Frozen' Depicts Men as 'Evil and Cold and Bumblers'
This Woman Hasn't Smiled For 40 Years To Fight Wrinkles
Woman who mistakenly called APD detective and offered drugs arrested
Leading UK Evangelical Leader Comes Out As A Lesbian
Saints Owner's Candy Diet Is Proof He's Mentally Incompetent, Family Says
Jayne Ozanne, Church of England evangelical activist, comes out as a lesbian
Utah Lawmaker Questions Whether Sex With An Unconscious Person Should Always Be Considered Rape
Asian Airline Handing Out Newspapers with Asian Plane Crash on the Cover
Straighter Teeth by Mail
Feds Use Instagram To Arrest Over 350 Drug Dealers & Seize $7 Million In One Weekend
Cheese thieves: couple accused of stealing 57 blocks of cheese from Walmart
Christian minister opens Tennessee Senate with prayer to end Medicaid expansion
Nebraska recognizes same-sex marriage by accident
Feminists to Trannies: Stay off our TERF
Chinese tech company offers night with Japanese porn star as year-end bonus
Texas Drops Geography From Public School Curriculum
WATCH: New Brunswick man has to jump through tiny gap left by snowfall to exit home
Australian dies tobogganing in Edmonton
Miami-Dade County considers using police stations for Craigslist sales
Woman Bit Off Would-Be Rapist's Tongue So She Had DNA Evidence Against Him
King Of Jordan To Bomb ISIS In Syria... Personally
Norma R. Brewer pulls off prank from beyond the grave
Man arrested for DUI after passing out at drive-thru with 9 kids in car
Letters supporting homosexual lifestyles shut down Oklahoma Capitol
Jindal on BR General ER Closing: "Maybe Poor People Should Take Better Care of Themselves."
Local "Ginger" favourite to win ginger beauty competition. (will take the crown off local dog)
Update: 100 letters supporting homosexual lifestyles shut down Oklahoma Capitol
Local student gets perfect score on SAT
SEE IT: Naked Mich. man in cowboy hat walks down highway
Ryanair staff draw penis in snow, airline says 'Art isn't their forte'
Nicolas Cage Praises Hayden Christensen's Portrayal Of Anakin Skywalker
Snoop Dogg Says He Will Throw out His USC Underwear After Son Commits to UCLA
Brampton Beast, struggling ECHL team, embrace frustrated fans' jersey-throwing trend with 'Toss Your Jersey Night'
That Guy Who Thinks He Owns the Moon Is So Fucked
Police Mistake Large Crowd Of Photographers With Rave Revelers
Man On Dolphin Sex Documentary Makes Big Splash At Film Festival.
Argentina's president mocks Chinese accent... During visit to China.
A 2008 Pentagon think-tank study claimed Putin has Asperger's syndrome
(x-post from /r/NFL) Colts LB D'Qwell Jackson arrested for allegedly punching a pizza delivery man over a parking spot
Urgent - King of Jordan to participate in striking ISIL
Residents: Dog Poop To Dollars Revenue Source Stinks
Driver snapped walking dog in Dubai - without getting out his car
Bill making gold legal tender passes Arizona House committee
Firing woman for breastfeeding isn't sexist because men lactate too
Former Prime Minister of Australia Hospital After Overdosing On Schadenfreude.
Not Sure What to Get Him for Valentine's Day? How About a Chocolate Butthole
HIV, Syphilis Tests? There's an App for That
Studies Show that Vaccinated Individuals Spread Disease
ANZ Bank unveils 'GAYTMs'
Cub Scouts on Nature Hike Stumble Upon Nude Beach
Fox Military Analyst: Execution of Jordanian Pilot Better than Best Goat Sex ISIS Ever Had
Texas man arrested for fight at tax office over tightly folded money
Mummified monk in Mongolia 'not dead', say Buddhists
Judge authorises sterilisation of mother-of-six with learning disabilities
US man sends $100k to a Nigerian-based 'wife' met online
Pentagon 2008 study claims Putin has Asperger's syndrome
Mansplain chosen as Macquarie Dictionary's 2014 word of the year
Dubai driver 'walks' his dog while sat in a car
One killed in attack on KFC restaurant north of Cairo: report
UBER AUSTRALIA WILL DELIVER A KITTEN TO YOUR DOOR TODAY
VIDEO: Mortuary employee admits to having sex with "many, many "dead women
Tyrrell Co. woman believed killed by bears...investigators believe the bears she often fed on her property may have killed her.
Chinese teen chops off hand to cure Internet ~Nottheonion
A Man Cut Off His Nose to Resemble Marvel's Captain America Villain 'Red Skull'
Farmer admits to cruelty after pig is eaten alive
Ghost ship full of cannibal rats doesn't crash into Plymouth Read more: http://www.plymouthherald.co.uk/Ghost-ship-cannibal-rats-doesn-t-crash-Plymouth/story-25909452-detail/story.html#ixzz3QsE8n5a6 Follow us: @heraldnewslive on Twitter | theplymouthherald on Facebook
Napalm Death Frontman Pens Petters to Indonesian President to Show Mercy to Death Row Prisoners
Former Power Ranger Fatally Stabs Roommate with Sword, Not Prosecuted
Ghost ship full of cannibal rats doesn't crash into Plymouth
Pat Robertson Unveils Gay-Repelling Necklace
Ryanair Responds Perfectly After Employees Create Snow Dick At Tarmac
Man spends £300 on a laptop on eBay - only to be sent a photograph of it
Texas Man Pays Property Tax Using Tightly-Folded $1 Bills
Japan's death threat hacker collared ... BY A CAT
Action Movie Ban In Paris After Terror Attacks
Fox News Helps ISIS Terrorists By Publishing Video Of Hostage Being Burned Alive
Sex with unconscious wife not rape, says US politician
Man glued to his mobile phone misses rare humpback whale sighting
Palace apologizes over Belgian queen mother death notice
Va. inmate lawmaker votes against prohibiting porn in jail
Richard Dawkins suggests erotic bombardment of theocracies.
Man orders laptop on eBay and gets a photocopy of it instead
Pentagon Study: Putin Has Asperger's
Ireland's heroine who had sex in her baby's tomb
Man eats cocaine in brother's butt, dies
Too Dangerous for Television: Adam Curtis' Afghanistan Documentary 'Bitter Lake'
Buddhist monk calls UN worker a "bitch" and a "whore"
4 MEN, 4 DEAD DEER FOUND IN 1 MINI COOPER
Cristiano Ronaldo class offered by Canadian university
Twitter boss admits firm is failing victims of trolling
Thai crown prince's poodle, Air Chief Marshal Foo Foo, has been cremated
Revealing selfie puts Canadian politician in compromising position
200-year-old mummified monk 'not dead, almost a Buddha'
HOT BLONDE RUSSIAN BABE FIGHTS GANG OF THUGS AFTER THEY SIT ON ROOF OF HER AUDI TT
NBC's Brian Williams recants Iraq story after soldiers protest: "he was not aboard a helicopter hit and forced down by RPG fire during the invasion of Iraq in 2003, a false claim that has been repeated by the network for years."
Jailed Lawmaker Votes Against Banning Porn in Jail
Teen Arrested for Terroristic Use of Emojis
Putin Has Asperger's, Pentagon Report Says
Harvard Tells Profs to Stop Sleeping With Undergrads
Complaining Comcast Customer Renamed "Super B**ch" On Her Cable Bill
Comcast customer in Chicago area receives bill addressed to 'Super B--'
'Lice and petloleum': Argentina's president mocks Chinese accent as she meets Chinese President Xi Jinping
Man makes 47,000 Wikipedia edits to fix the same grammatical mistake
Street-Tough Racers Fight for Supremacy in LA's Underground Cycling World
New York pastor: Justin Bieber is trans. James David Manning says the singer regrets 'cutting off' his breasts
Fox News Thinks 'Frozen' Is Dangerous Anti-Male Propaganda
Coca-Cola pulls Twitter campaign after it was tricked into quoting Mein Kampf
Twitter CEO: 'We suck at dealing with abuse'
Murdered Victim's Sister Tells Gun Control Group That Only A Gun Would Have Saved Her
These Airlines are Offering In-Flight College Classes
Utah legislature: Is sex while unconscious OK?
Bleep blorp: New Japanese hotel to be staffed by robots
200-year-old mummified monk 'not dead, just meditating'
A divorcing couple divides their Beanie Baby investment under the supervision of a judge. (x-post from r/pics)
Buddhist monk calls UN envoy a "bitch" and a "whore"
Condoms Now Cost $755 in Venezuela
McDonald's not lovin' it when woman shows up with her therapy kangaroo named Jimmy
Police: Massachusetts Girl Dies During Head Lice Treatment
Book Domestic Cleaning service in London
Do Enjoy This Website Doctors Use to Share Photos of Butt X-Rays
Comic fan has nose chopped off to look like Red Skull
It's Official: Singles Who Do CrossFit Have More Sex
NBC's Brian Williams Admits He 'Misremembered' Being in Helicopter Shot Down in Iraq
"Autism Clusters Found in California's Major Cities" 5 year old article states that studies show that higher-educated parents can lead to more autism
Comcast customer says she got a bill addressed to "Super Bitch"
These Volunteers Give Handjobs to the Severely Disabled
Republican Congressman Demands Number Change for Bill 666, Because Satan
Drink Up: The Newest Craft Beers May Be Made With Wastewater
People Prefer Vaccination Advice From Random Internet Commenters (Rather Than, Say, Experts)
Ghana mortuary training included sex with corpses, claims morgue worker
Scott Walker backtracks from striking 'truth,' 'human condition' from Wisconsin Idea
Elderly Boise pair missing again
'Fifty Shades' sex toys hit Target
Man buys MacBook on eBay for $450, gets just a picture of it
Police pepper spray couple after they 'refuse to stop having sex' in Bishop Auckland pub toilets
He's got a 'Downton Abbey'-inspired office, but Rep. Aaron Schock won't talk about it.
Bill would allow the dead to vote in Indiana
Man rips out another man's heart, eats it to prove he's 'not gay'
The left shark speaks!
Atheist Raking in Six Figure Salary for Creating iPhone Bible App
Popes Confession: I don't know how to work a computer
'You'll never walk...': Surgeons amputate football-mad Marine's leg - and cut off last word of his tattoo dedicated to Liverpool FC
Nationwide killed a boy in Super Bowl ad only because it loves kids
The World's Email Encryption Software Relies on One Guy, Who is Going Broke
This Man Faces Life in Prison for...Rapping
Senator is Fighting for Restaurant Employees' Rights to Not Wash Their Hands
35-yr-old man says witches instructed him to cut off his manhood
Grammar crusader spends years removing repeated error 47,000 times on Wikipedia
Mom prays, dead son comes back to life
McConnell decries 'obstructionism,' irony dies
Officials: Suspect Napped During Chase; Snoring Gave It Away
Vladimir Putin likely has Asperger's syndrome: Pentagon study
Venezuelan man chops off his nose and gets face implant to look like Marvel Comic villain
xpost from /r/childfree: Calling All Cars: Trouble at Chuck E. Cheese's, Again
Bozeman lawmaker advises more church, less porn as budget solution
Man Glued to His Phone Doesn't Notice a Whale Right in Front of Him
Obscenities in the snow lead to charges, police say
Target Defends Putting "Fifty Shades" Sex Toys Next to Children's Toothbrushes
Catholic all boys high school's principal casually shows porn to students
Calling All Cars: Trouble at Chuck E. Cheese's, Again
'It's a cock and balls': Phallic art stuns residents of New Lynn
Captain America fan gets his nose chopped off to look like Red Skull
'Captain America' superfan has nose chopped off to look like villain Red Skull
Play-Doh bungles suggestive 'extruder' tool redesign
College Student: Bar's Restroom Sign Promotes Violence Against Women, Patriarchy
Putin has 'some form of autism' Pentagon experts conclude, after watching videos of him
Obituary: Lousy Seahawks call led to man's fatal heart attack
Zimbabwean Government Denies Mugabe Fell Down Steps
Surgeons amputate Royal Marine's leg, whose Liverpool FC tattoo now reads "You'll never walk"
Fourth runner attacked by owl in Salem park
Georgia Barber Gives Old Man Haircuts To Misbehaving Kids
Royal Marine Andy Grant's Liverpool FC Tattoo Reads 'You'll Never Walk' After Leg Amputation
How FEMA Uses Waffle House To Measure Disasters
Surgeons amputate marine's leg, Liverpool FC tattoo now says ''You'll never walk''
Royal Marine's Liverpool FC tattoo reads 'You'll Never Walk' after operation to remove leg cuts off word
Paris Hilton ' brother: Passengers are 'Peasants'
Mummified 200-year-old monk found in Mongolia in 'very deep meditation', Buddhist academic claims
Mother, 20, 'told boyfriend she has been having sex with her dogs since she was 13 and often fantasizes about incest'
Ken Ham Has Sued Kentucky Officials Because He Doesn't Understand How the Law Works
Man on cell phone misses huge whale right in front of his face
No, Jordan's King Abdullah II is not personally flying planes against ISIS
Salman and Barack Obama go toe to toe with David Rayd.
VIDEO: GALLUP CEO FEARS HE MIGHT "SUDDENLY DISAPPEAR" FOR QUESTIONING U.S. JOBS DATA
Republicans Slam FCC for Succumbing to Obama's 'Bully Tactics' on Net Neutrality
Royal Marine's tattoo tells him 'You'll Never Walk' after leg amputation
The Brazilian Town Where the American Confederacy Lives On
Royal Marine's tattoo: 'You'll never walk' after amputation
'Dummy' phone with GPS leads police to $23K robbery suspects
Congress is stuck in the past, says congressman in DeLorean time machine
This New Moleskine Is Like An iPad Made Of Paper
For Years, The Washington Post Tried to Interview a Cow
D.E.P.: High demand for Valentine's Day sewage tours
High There! An App For Potheads To Make Friends And Find Dates With Other Potheads
Rope used to hang Saddam Hussein could fetch over $7m after bidding war
Katy Perry's lawyers demand takedown of 3D printable Left Shark
Harvard bans sex between professors and undergraduates
Each Year, Veterans Affairs Makes Me Prove I Lost My Legs
Texas Lawmaker Grants 'Amnesty' to Cupcakes at Schools
Family plots to teach child a lesson with fake kidnapping
Country singer delights Fox News with song about kicking black Congressman's ass
Lawyer Sued For Using Hypnosis To Have Sex With Clients - Can't Make This One Up
Hot air in Wisconsin
Man spends thousands to meet online 'goddess' -- then beats her up after seeing her in real life
Obituary blames Seattle's 'lousy play call'
Family of seahawks fan who died after Superbowl "We blame the Seahawks lousy play call for Mike's untimely death."
Family blames Seahawks 'lousy play call' for family members death.
Check out Utah's new commemortative gun for 2015!
Packs of Condoms in Venezuela Now Cost $755
Accelerated ice melt causing Iceland to rise
Man caught speeding for a cheeseburger in Laverton
Family arrested in fake kidnapping plot to teach 6-year-old stranger danger, police say
Meet the Lesbian Couple Who Hate Cats
Even Al Qaeda condemns ISIS burning of Jordanian Pilot.
The Air Chief Marshall Of Thailand Was A Poodle Named Foo Foo And He Just Had A Four Day Funeral | ThinkProgress
Woman becomes OBESE after being given faeces from overweight daughter
Students poke each other with medical needles
Phoenix police conduct an undercover sting operation to bring down a man suspected of selling fake brand name laundry detergent.
North Korea Warns US of 'Disastrous Final Doom'
Nativist Idiots Mistake Latin for Spanish, Totally Lose Their Shit
Pope's confession: I don't know how to work a computer
Indiana Bill Would Allow the Dead to Vote
410-pound teenager who has barely played football got a BYU scholarship after meeting the coach for 15 minutes
Man travelling 186kph in Melbourne was 'hurrying to get cheeseburger'
Egyptian activist laughs and claps as court sentences him to life in jail
Salem barred owl attacks another jogger, bringing toll to 4
Man joins his brother in jail after allegedly coordinating drug deals via jail's telephone
A Gay Couple Bought JebBushForPresident.com in 2008 and They're Not Giving it Back
Woman tossed out of McDonald's after taking 'therapy' kangaroo to lunch
McGill University Girls Want "Sugar Daddies" More Than Anyone In Montreal
Woman kicked out of McDonald's after customers complained about her 'therapy' kangaroo.
Catholic Bishop conference in Kerala issues warning against selfies and 'Love Jihad'
Tinder-style dating app pairs marijuana users
Researchers find almost half of the DNA found on surfaces in the NY subway do not match any known organism
Couple Who Brought Kangaroo to McDonald's Don't Understand the Fuss
NASA Reminds Congress that Earth Is Also a Planet in Space
NC dad shoots 'demon possessed' mentally ill son in the chest: 'He better call on the Lord'
Police: Summer a good time for cannabis.
Business as usual for RadioShack Malaysia
Bible Belt excited for 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
Nebraska Recognizes Same-Sex Spouses - For The Purpose Of Gun Ownership
One month after cash-strapped granddad left her as deposit, 7-year-old is retrieved from bathhouse
Dutch chimps in Edinburgh Zoo "learn to speak in Scottish accent"
Horny Welsh Ghost Tries To Seduce Drivers On Highway
Mugabe falls: comedy memes of Zimbabwe's president go viral
Ghana to Buy 80MW of Power From Ivory Coast to Watch Soccer Game
Scientists: Cockroaches Have Personalities
53 year old man dies from cannabis overdose.
There is now a tinder-like dating app for stoners.
if you planing move How to Pack Child's Room
Sydney rabbi 'did not know' it was a crime for an adult to touch a child's genitals
Views You Can Use: Too Much Government in the Toilet
Study shows ring fingers can hold key to whether people are likely to cheat
Argument breaks out in Tesco's
Pope Francis says it is OK to smack children if their 'dignity is maintained'
Bravo star who died tried to outrun train while filming for energy drink ad
Napalm Death singer appeals to President of Indonesia for the life of death sentence Briton.
Parents kidnap their 6-year-old for being too nice to strangers
X-rated X-rays! Doctors around the world share images of the strangest things they have found stuck in people's rears
Royal Marine's Liverpool FC tattoo reads 'You'll Never Walk' after amputation
Poundland seeks to buy 99p Stores for £55m
'You'll never walk' - Devon Royal Marine suffers unfortunate Liverpool FC tattoo change when surgeons amputate his leg
EA Exec: "Our Games Are Too Hard To Learn"
Meet the barber who disciplines kids with an 'old man' haircut
Poundland agrees to buy rival 99p Stores
Evangelists Plan to Convert Atheist Computers to Christianity
Indonesia lawmaker insist on virginity test to combat AIDS amongst students
Pope Francis says OK to spank children - if their dignity is kept
Microsoft backs Java for cross-platform mobile apps
The Last McDonald's Meal in Iceland Has Its Own Live Stream
Owl attacks joggers and steals their hats
Woman wins $1.5M after car crash turns her into a dominatrix
You can get a cute fluffy kitten delivered to your desk to cuddle on your lunch break
Sheriff: Boy 'kidnapped' to teach him a lesson
Mummified monk isn't actually dead, says Buddhist expert
Florida man faces 30 years for throwing rock
Relatives accused of kidnapping boy to teach him a lesson
Vladimir Putin: I am not autistic
Family Charged in Fake Kidnap Plot to Scare 'Too Nice' Child
Warming up your car could cost you $125 in the state of Kansas
Turkey's Family Ministry launches probe into Minecraft video game
Buying melon? You'll need to show ID, woman told
Swarms of giant jackrabbits are wreaking havoc on a North Dakota neighborhood
Study Reveals 'Most Dangerous' Sex Position
3 relatives accused of staging kidnapping of boy to teach him a lesson
'American Sniper' thrills audiences in Iraq
Half the DNA in New York City's Subway Matches no Known Organisms on Record
Tom Hanks Reunites With Wilson At Rangers Game
It's time to take a stand against the urinal
Mysterious creature found in can of tuna identified by experts
Kmart To Pay $102K For Refusing To Hire Dialysis Patient Who Couldn't Give Urine Sample
Pot Smokers Can Now Find The Perfect Date With Tinder-Like App 'High There!'
Devon man who appeared on Jeremy Kyle says show made him wear a tracksuit and then mocked him for it
Akon is throwing a charity concert in Iraqi Kurdistan
McDonald's hamburger banned on streets of Bruges
Akon holds anti-ISIS concert for Peshmerga
Nude jogger Donald Popadick pleads guilty
Katy Perry sics lawyers on Left Shark vendor
$7 million offered for rope used to hang Saddam Hussein
Mo. family charged with teaching boy about 'stranger danger' by kidnapping him at gunpoint
Emoticons in texts can rack up huge bills
Katy Perry's lawyers want to remove Left Shark from the Internet
Forget email, congressman uses Snapchat
Boy's family accused of staging kidnapping to teach danger
Aaron Hernandez's attorney apologizes for making a joke about Deflategate during murder trial
Missouri boy, 6, nabbed by family to teach him fear of strangers: police
Racist jerks mistake new Latin state motto for Spanish, unleash shitstorm of dumb Facebook comments
As curfew is lifted, Baghdad is at long last partying again
$755 for a box of condoms? No protection from shortages in Venezuela
HRW Claims US 'Most Powerful Proponent of Human Rights'
How A New Gun Law Might Have Legalized Gay Marriage In Nebraska
Snow shoveling death toll rises to 13 in Chicago area
Pope says it's OK to spank children if you don't demean them
Family Accused of Conspiring to Kidnap 6-Year-Old Who Was 'Too Nice to People'
Vermont Proposes Official Latin Motto, Wingnuts Tell Vermont To Go Back To Mexico
Tale of Disney theme park for North Texas duped investors out of millions, prosecutors allege
Alabama Trucker Pulls Own Tooth While Driving, Causes Accident
Utah police now responsible for more homicides than street gangs
"And that's why you always leave a note." Family in Missouri plans to teach son a lesson by staging a kidnapping.
Taxi boss: 'cyclists are the ISIS of London'
Group Promoting Peace and Love Labeled As Terrorists, Surveilled by DHS and Police
Soldiers in Central Russia to Be Served Candy for Breakfast
Boy 'kidnapped' for being nice
Escapee found hiding on roof of school in Spring Branch ISD
Doctor says mother's prayer restarted dead boy's heart
US joggers warned about angry owl that steals hats
Lots of people upset about Vermont getting a Latin motto because they confused "Latin" and "Latino."
Suspected drug abuser fined for attempting suicide in Dubai Police cell
Missouri mom plotted kidnapping of her 6-year-old to scare him
Comcast calls customer 'Super B----' on bill
Dead or Alive maker asks modders to be "good and moral" with content
Florida Man Lists Drug Dealer As Occupation On Arrest Report
Police Commissioner Insanely Suggests Upgrading Resisting Arrest Charge To A Felony
Attempt to pay property taxes in $1 bills lands man in jail
Washington lawmakers want computer science to count as foreign language
West Virginia Republican says rape can be 'beautiful' if it produces a child
Half the DNA on the NYC Subway Matches No Known Organism
561 years to return €190k HSE overpay
Female UK Journalist claims to be escorted out on #VisitMyMosque Day. CCTV shows her strolling out alone.
Tenn. couple accused of stealing 57 blocks of cheese from Walmart
Scott Walker moved to drop 'search for truth' from the University of Wisconsin mission. His office claims it was an error.
Congressman cites dildo law in Texas dis
Police: 6-year-old boy 'kidnapped' for being too nice to strangers
UK Journalist Who Claims to have been grabbed and thrown out of Mosque...seen on CCTV strolling out of mosque
Taking upskirt shots of 13-year-old girl not illegal in Oregon, says judge
Harvard tells its professors: No sex with the students
Akon to Stage Anti-ISIS Charity Concert in Kurdish Capital Erbil
Katy Perry's Lawyers Demand 3D Printed 'Left Shark' be Taken Down
Missouri boy, 6, nabbed by family to teach him fear of strangers
Snow fort dangers: Saline schools warns parents, students against tunneling in snow
Police: Mother arranges armed kidnapping of 6-year-old for being too nice to strangers
Naked protesters decry S.F. nudity ban on 2nd anniversary
Conan O'Brien was right - Swedish cartoon penis IS modelled after him
Here's how iOS 8 cost Twitter four million users
Skimpy, moldy, mysterious and downright gross Michelle O lunches Congress should see
How a small change by Apple cost Twitter millions of users
'Marry at Age 9': New Guide Details Female Life Under ISIS
Charging documents: Drunken man uses 'plank position' while resisting arrest
Woman experiences unexpected, rapid weight gain after fecal transplant procedure
Mother Arranges Armed Kidnapping of 6-Year-Old to Teach Him Lesson About 'Stranger Danger'
'Teabagging' hazing ritual alleged at CDTA
Guest on Jeremy Kyle show claims he 'was ordered to change into a tracksuit before filming' - and then called an 'ex-drug dealer in a tracksuit' by host
Court concludes firing a woman for breastfeeding isn't sexist because men can lactate (x-post from /r/news)
Court concludes firing a woman for breastfeeding isn't sexist because men can lactate
Devon dad on Jeremy Kyle claims he was forced to wear tracksuit
Rep. Alcee Hastings Says Old Texas Dildo Law Shows The State Is 'Crazy'
Mount Vernon initiative instills anonymous gun buyback in exchange for Best Buy gift cards
Rick Perry embraces idea that Texas is "crazy" at American Principles Project gala
Worst Elsa ever? Five-year-old's party 'ruined' by Frozen performer who 'looked like she'd left a rave at 6am'
Even pets are better protected than young kids under Oregon abuse laws, prosecutors say
Real life Bad Luck Brian: Man matched winning lottery numbers, but didn't win because it was misprinted
Woman finds strange creature in tuna can
Dude, where's my police car: Michael Kopeski's short, strange trip through the streets of Springfield
Brian Williams looks back on being a volunteer fireman and the wildfire of good he hopes to set now
Six of the seven Republican senators who voted to kill Gov. Bill Haslam's proposal to extend health coverage to 280,000 low-income Tennesseans are enrolled in the state government health plan.
Naked Bill Cosby Statue Will Be Unveiled in Florida this Month
Parents shot by their toddler charged with child abuse
Jack White bans future performances at University of Oklahoma after newspaper leaks his guacamole recipe
'Where's Iron Man?': Robert Downey Jr leaves confused toddler in tears after turning up without his superhero suit
'Fifty Shades of Grey' gets black marks from bishops, pastors
Anti-vaxxer children's book, claims "measles is marvelous"!
Woman wants to be the first person to have baby on Mars
Brian Williams: Let me tell you about the time I saved a puppy from a raging house fire; Update: Or is it two puppies?
Fans are upset that Marvel made them watch The View
Pig Eats Marijuana Stash, Ohio Man Flies Into A Rage And Gets Tasered By Cops
Woman says bra saved her from stray bullet
Mia Khalifa, Jihadist Wankers And The "Porn Addicted" Muslim Countries
Assisted Suicide Ruling Gives Federal Parties an Easy Way Out
Who's come to fix your broadband? It may be a Fed in disguise. Without a search warrant
Future Jack White performances banned at University of Oklahoma after newspaper leaks his guacamole recipe.
Venezuela Accidentally Used a Photo of an American Detainee in a Tourism Ad
Pentagon Spent $504,816 on Viagra Last Year
Guy Was Told By Doctors That He Only Has 100 Orgasms Left Before His Penis Stops Working
Chocolate snorting offers new way to a cocoa high
A Man Has Been Charged With Kidnapping a Boy as Part of a Sex-Trafficking Hoax
Mother-of-four, 28, banned from every nightclub in town for being 'too old to wear skimpy outfits'
Movie Theater Chain Bans Whips for 50 Shades of Grey Premiere
New wireless industry video says opposing net neutrality is totally hip
Harvard Bans Professors from Sleeping with Undergrads
Kermit the Frog Is Responsible For 9/11
Chad Spohn Goes On Bender After Pet Pig Eats His Marijuana
Toronto woman gives birth at 56
London Taxi Chief Compares Cyclists To Islamic State Militants
Mila Kunis says Casey's has 'delicious breakfast pizza'
Mom kidnaps her son to teach him a lesson in stranger danger
Black Comedian: Whites Should be Banned from Making Fun of White People
The tribe fighting The Washington Redskins' name builds casino honoring racist wizard of oz author.
US family 'stages mock abduction of boy, six, for being too nice'
Man thinks dog is driving squad car after DUI arrest
Family has six year old kidnapped to teach him a lesson because he's too nice.
Legislation bans professors from using titles in newspaper columns
Anti-vaccine book 'Melanie's Marvelous Measles' stirs outrage online
West Virginia legislator says rape is bad, but could produce something beautiful
Bill De Blasio orders $7.3 bullet proofs vests for police force....with Crusader cross
Police: People ruining snowy landscapes with obscenities
Boy Diagnosed With 'Fear of Growing Up'
Obit: 'We blame Seahawks lousy play call for Mike's death'
TIL The King of Jordan was on Star Trek
Meet The Poor Guy Who Only Has 100 Boners Left Before His Penis Breaks
Boy, 6, allegedly kidnapped by family to teach him 'life lesson'
Tesco shopper 'asked for ID to buy fruit because it could ferment into alcohol'
Tesco fruit buyer asked for ID
Những nguyên nhân thường gặp gây mất ngủ?
An Angry Owl Is Attacking Joggers and Stealing Their Hats in Oregon
Kim executes deputy for disagreeing with him
Health Officials Discourage "Measles Parties"
Conflicting identifications for head found in tuna can
Dad finds ultimate way of getting children to eat breakfast - by creating toast JENGA
STOLEN: Conservative students' campus ad for Jonah Goldberg's 'thought police' talk
Matthew McConaughey Receives Death Threats for Hunting
Three year-old shoots both parents after reaching into mother's purse for iPod and finding gun
Family kidnaps 'too nice' child at gunpoint to teach 'stranger danger'
New Dad Forced To Choose Between His Wife And Down's Syndrome Baby
Yahoo Answers, Oakley Collector and General Sunglasses Freak - "ask yourself if your Prada or Gucci glasses can do the same thing. HINT: they can't."
1 in 5 Canadians think vaccines cause autism...
Canadian gem Rex Murphy on anti-vaccine nutcases
UC Berkeley Lecture: It Is 'Necessary' to Apply Transgender Studies to Agriculture
Christian conservatives furious after Obama says all religions have historically committed violence
Selfie esteem! How Instagram is fueling a new wave of plastic surgery
Jack White will play in Oklahoma again, not even sure if he likes guacamole
Family Organizes Fake Kidnapping To Scare "Too Nice" Kid.
The US Surgeon General Admits Science Is Real, Says Weed Has Medical Benefits
Brazilian woman's bra may have stopped robber's stray bullet
Could we stop the anti-vaxxers if we said measles contains gluten?
Developer saved years later by his own hardware
We Are Watching Brian Williams' Entire Career Implode
YouTube censors back off Swedish genital song for kids
Fayette officials reappoint dead man
Silver Cats May Help Cure Cancer for Humans With Red Hair
Animal control kills pet pig
Diet and exercise help prevent heart disease
DNA Study Suggests Hitler 'Had Jewish And African Roots'
Family stages mock kidnapping for 6-year old boy. Claims he was "too nice" and told him we would become a sex slave to 'scare him straight'.
Ted Nugent: Sarah Palin is exactly what the Founding Fathers had in mind for American greatness
Keep daffodils away from food, supermarkets warned
Move daffodils to stop people eating them, shops told
British shops warned over customers eating daffodils
Woman's stool transplant leads to 'tremendous weight gain'
Supermarkets in the uk told to keep flowers away from fruit and vegetables because people are eating them qnd poisoning themselves
Regular-sized women cause a splash in Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition
Springfield man steals police cruiser, taunts officers over radio as he drives around city
Florida pastor plans to convert robots to Christianity
Cop Uses Police Helicopter To Film People Having Sex, Took Footage Home To Watch Later
Officer charged with sexually assaulting woman who called for help: Forcing Change
Supermarkets urged to keep daffodils away from fruit - incase they are mistaken for food
Wanted: Man who 'wolf-whistled' at woman in west Hull street
Cristiano Ronaldo now a degree subject as Canadian university begins a four-year course dedicated to Real Madrid star
China seizes toilet paper bearing image of Hong Kong leader
Canadian university offers chance to study Cristiano Ronaldo
Taxi chief says cyclists are like the "ISIS of London"
Indian health minister faces criticism after 'completely ignoring' dying man left lying outside hospital
Indian Extremists Say Anyone Using the L-Word on Valentine's Day Must Marry
Man chops off nose to look like comic villian
Movie buffs agree that Lego rendition of "Fifty Shades of Grey" is just as intense
Scientists explain how Brian Williams' memory may have failed him
Google Wants to Fill Your Body With Tiny Robots
Former stripper has a plan to be mayor
Survey: More Anchorage residents fly to work than take a bus
Vaccine-free daycare criticized by Ottawa Public Health
Tribe fighting Redskins name plans 'Oz' casino despite author's racist past
China seizes HK novelty toilet rolls depicting HK leader CY Leung
Island in Norway has highest peak of 11m, storm expects 25m tall waves. City mayor: "We're taking it easy, but we're excited!"
Republicans cut and pasted their 'new' Obamacare alternative
China seizes 8,000 rolls of toilet paper printed with image of Hong Kong chief | World news
California firefighters save horse stuck in outdoor bathtub
Florida Man Lists "Drug Dealer" as Occupation on Arrest Report: Police
West Palm Beach Man Lists "Drug Dealer" as Occupation on Arrest Report: Police
Don't Wait For 'Mr. Perfect'! 'Mr. Okay' Is better Than 'Mr. Perfect', Scientist Says
Rare warty pig eats its entire family at Bristol Zoo
Pope says it's okay to smack your children as long as dignity maintained
Ohio family convinced son lived another life as a Chicago woman
Man Won a Laptop Bids on eBay and got only photocopy
6 of 7 who killed Insure Tennessee are on state health plan
Florida Mom Gives Birth to 14.1-Pound Baby After Surprise Pregnancy
Man Has Nose Surgically Crafted Onto His Forehead
Massachusetts man rents out igloo on Airbnb for $10 a night
Better Call Saul: 'Like all the best comedies, it doesn't make you laugh'
Oregon judge: taking photos up girl's skirt not illegal
China Seizes Toilet Tissue Featuring Likeness Of Hong Kong Leader
Tetrabutyl titanate | Titanium(IV) n-butoxide
Mummified Mongolian Monk Is Not Dead, He Has Been Meditating For 200 Years, Experts Say
Angry Veteran To Republicans: 'Don't You Dare Thank Me For My Military Service'
Seattle mom tried to sell her teen daughter's virginity for $400 in rent money
Mom charged with trying to sell her 14-year-old daughter to man for sex in exchange for rent money
Russia's Putin says will not wage war on anyone
'Fifty Shades' sex product sued for being ineffective
Man misses epic moment because he's too busy texting
Man Who Ripped Another Man's Heart Out And Ate It To "Prove He Wasn't Gay" Admits He Went Too Far
Women's prison mass jail break after inmates in dominatrix gear handcuff male guards expecting 'mass orgy'
Mass breakout from Brazilian jail after female inmates in fantasy police costumes seduce prison wardens
Houston high school expels gay student, citing moral clause. Principal claims the school "reserves the right to refuse/expel any student that promotes homosexuality." [x-post from r/houston]
Harvard tells professors: No more sex with undergrads
Texas school responds to gay Youtuber's leaving, cites 'morals clause' [x-post from r/houston]
Woman Threatens to Bomb High School After Daughter Fails Exam, Sources Say
Pike Co. stops issuing marriage licenses, Covington Co. will refuse only gay couples
Mass escape from Brazilian prison after women seduce guards
Glenn Beck: The Measles Outbreak Is A 'Hoax' Meant To Convince People To 'Obey The Government'
How Frozen and Hillary Clinton are destroying manly men
HTC's Jeff Gordon: the iPhone is "terribly boring"
Brian Williams also told iffy tales of rescuing puppies from fires
Brian Williams' conflicting stories about saving puppies from fires
Fla. bill makes using wrong restroom a crime
Quadruple amputee sought in parents' murder commits suicide during traffic stop
Mom allegedly threatened to blow up high school over failed test, report says
NRA Board Member: Paddling A Child 'May Keep Me From Having To Put A Bullet In Him'
Twitter CEO Admits 'We Suck at Dealing With Abuse'
Man Lists "Drug Dealer" as Occupation: Police
Researchers fear the bubonic plague might be hibernating in NYC subway
Five-year old boy is convinced he is a reincarnated black woman from Chicago called Pam who died in a fire in 1993
Thugs Beat Up Monkeys, Steal Their Bananas At Alexandria Zoo
A woman on my facebook feed "liked" this article - 10 Benefits of Vaginal Weight Lifting
White Woman Learns What It's Like To Be A Black Mother, Sues
Doctors Tell Man He Has 100 Orgasms Left Before His Penis Gives Out
Akon Plans Anti-ISIS Concert In Iraq To Benefit Kurdish Fighters
Jack White blacklists University of Oklahoma after Guacamole Recipe leaks (Included)
Liverpool derby: BBC reporter unwittingly interviews former goalkeeper Tommy Lawrence about a match he played in
Swatter only faces "up to five years in prison" for his actions...
Watch: Little children apologize for terrorism
50 shades of gray, the teddy bear addition.
Florida mom delivers 14-pound baby after surprise pregnancy
50 Shades of Gray - Teddy Bear edition
Woman Defies Wrinkles by Not Smiling for 40 Years
Endangered monkey eaten by otters at British zoo after falling into pond
Saddam Hussein's hanging noose up for auction
Synagogue Arson in Germany 'Not Anti-Semitism' Says Judge
Lovelorn Graffiti Artist Arrested For Tagging Ex-Girlfriend's Neighborhood With His Name
Lawyer says slow-cooker killing followed fight over politics - WTOP
SI Mom Allegedly Threatened To Blow Up School After Daughter Flunked Test
South Africa: Cannibal Andrew Chimboza who 'ate love rival's heart' admits he 'went too far'
Rope used in Saddam Hussein execution up for auction
Giant rabbits take over neighborhood
Outdoor columnist solves mystery of donated deer feet
Rick Mercer: Harper Government Makes Injured Veteran Prove His Legs Haven't Grown Back
Man Pays $450 For Picture Of An Apple MacBook
We Give Up. Let's Just Say Coffee Cures Everything.
Anti-Vax Children's Book Pretends Having Measles Is Just -- Marvelous!
Truck Driver Pulling Teeth Behind The Wheel Causes Crash: Cops
Fox News guest says 'Frozen' makes men look like villains and fools. Welcome to the new culture wars.
Angry Owl Is Terrorizing Oregon Joggers
Trucker pulling loose tooth triggers backup on Alabama freeway: report
McDonald's Creates Worst Marketing Campaign in History of Marketing
Just a normal day
Home Destroyed During Bed Bug Battle
Resident finds street signs and hot dogs on property
Darwin boy swims in croc-infested Rapid Creek to get weed from mates, has close encounter with crocodile
Man tries to stop armed robbery, charged with felony
Female inmates escape prison after tricking guards into possible orgy | Death and Taxes
Female inmates escape prison after tricking guards into possible orgy
Joggers warned to beware of angry owl in Oregon
New Albany: Resident finds street signs and hot dogs on property
Teen goes to Target for a tie, gets life-changing advice Read more: http://www.mnn.com/family/family-activities/blogs/teen-goes-to-target-for-a-tie-gets-life-changing-advice#ixzz3R7nTvItA
Teen goes to Target for a tie, gets life-changing advice
Proposed Latin motto ignites ire over immigration
Blackwater Founder: We could stop ISIS
"Hand Angels" Are Giving the Disabled Hand Jobs For Charity
Fearing The Power of The One Ring, School Suspends Fourth Grader
Anderson Cooper was pretty delighted to find out a slave killed his ancestor with a farm hoe
Man picked up by garbage collectors while dumpster diving--in Yolo County
Customer Kicked Out of McDonald's for Crime of Being a Baby Kangaroo
Creationists Not Happy About Carnival Cruises' "Come Back to the Sea" Super Bowl Ad
World's most expensive condoms? Men paying £500 for pack of 36
Asians ruining Australian school system with preparation, effort
Science Finally Determines How Many Licks It Takes to Finish a Lollipop
Colombia Farc: Guerrillas invite Miss Universe to talks
Colombia's FARC Rebels Invite Miss Universe Paulina Vega to Peace Talks
Left-Handed People Now Eligible for Disability
Skier loses footing, falls off cliff (Captured by own GoPro)
Catholic Church Offers "Dignified Spanking" Seminars
Melanie's Marvellous Measles Reviews
Groupon Refunds All InVAGalign Customers
'Hot Mugshot Guy' from California gets 27 months in prison
Crocs Co-Founder Accused of DUI, Blamed Taylor Swift
West Virginia Republican Says Rape Can Be 'Beautiful' if It Produces a Child | Alternet
FARC Rebels Read Miss Universe's Resume, Invite Her to Havana Peace Talks
Bruce Jenner involved in fatal Malibu crash; star is unhurt
A new trend: Break your bones to get a little taller
Indonesia's Trade Minister apologizes for saying you can get AIDS from used clothing
Creationists: Dismissing unicorns found in the Bible as mythical animals 'is to demean God's Word'
Turkish woman kills husband over 'German porn fantasies'
Yes, Conan - the penis WAS inspired by you
Hilarious condom crowdfunding video makes excellent use of unicorns
11,000 birds to be killed in order to save salmons
Anti-vaccine megachurch hit by measles outbreak now offering free vaccinations.
10 Plant-Based Foods that Boost Your Immunity
Brian Williams Told Inconsistent Stories About Saving Puppies From Fire
Florida woman doesn't know she's pregnant, delivers 14.1 pound baby
Former basketball star Dennis Rodman's manager asks Adelaide convenience store employee to pay for Berocca for a photo
When Art Attacks! Keith Haring's Self-Portrait Kicked Someone in the Head
Baby girl who was born 'pregnant' with twins leaves doctors in shock
Mexico Dealing With Undocumented Americans by Offering Amnesty
Suspected drunk driver catches fire after police Tase him
Teen chops off hand to cure internet addiction
A robot vacuum tried to eat its sleeping owner's head
Shooter gets caught by taking selfie with dead body
Former security secretary Regina Ip duped by email scam, loses USD65,000 from Swiss bank account
Colombia's FARC rebels invite Miss Universe to attend peace talks
Secret stash of Moon artifacts found hidden in Neil Armstrong's closet
Fire Department Saves Woman From Robot Vacuum Attack. It Begins.
Zoo Distressed As Elvis The Pig Kills Own Family
Fire Department Called After Robot Vacuum Attacks Sleeping Owner's Head
Nothing Says 'I Love You' Like a Chocolate Anus
Fire department called after robot vacuum "attacks" sleeping owner
Teen, charged with killing another, took 'selfie' with body
'Not racist' to call black person orangutan
Colorado considering lowering the bar for high school graduation
Colombian Rebels Invite Miss Universe To Join Peace Talks
Vermont Lawmaker Tries To Give State A Latin Motto, Morons Go On Anti-Latino Rampage
Endangered monkey eaten by otters at British zoo of horror
Machine Gun Theme Park opens in Orlando six miles from Disney World
NRA Board Member: 'Paddling' A Child 'May Keep Me From Having To Put A Bullet In Him Later'
Dahmer May Have Stopped Killing If He Had Zombie, Doctor Says
Jamaica Passes Landmark Marijuana Law On The 70th Birthday Of Bob Marley
Coulter: College Loans Are Subsidy For Teaching Kids To Hate Republicans And White People
Intel CFO: We're so far ahead, Apple's performance would be seriously hindered if it stopped working with us
Teen killed classmate and uploaded 'selfie' with the body to Snapchat, police say
Officials say a Pennsylvania teen accused in boy's death took selfie with body
'Selfie' photo post on social media with dead body leads to teen's arrest
Motorist cited for using flashlights in place of headlights
Revenge porn victims' helpline launched in UK
Pentagon dropped over $500,000 on Viagra last year
Obama's Drones Have Killed More Than the Spanish Inquisition
Brazil prison escape follows seduction
Stephen Harper locks himself in Brazilian minister's bathroom until he gets his way
Teen charged with killing another took selfie with the body
David Duchovny wrote a kids' book about a cow who brings peace to Israel and Palestine
Florida Man Puts 'Drug Dealer' Down For Occuption On His Own Arrest Report
Mexico's President Appoints a 'Friend' as His New Anti-Corruption Chief
Pilot and wife use iPads to help crash-land plane
The pitfalls of Powerball: Why some states are on the losing end of the lottery system | PBS NewsHour
Chipotle is Very Sorry Its Twitter Account Got Hacked by Racists
Incest Survivor Exposed Illuminati Satanists (Updated)
Prison breakout in Brazil after guards fall for fake 'orgy' plan
Fire department called after robot vacuum "attacks" sleeping owner | News | Geek.com
In Grammy video, Obama says of rape, 'It's not okay - and it has to stop'
New Frank Gehry Building So Ugly it Has to Wear a Paper Bag
Anti-Vax Lunacy "Melanie's Marvelous Measles" gets trounced on Amazon reviews
Comment Lady Gaga Does Yoga In A Thong, Shows Pizza Who's Boss
U Cal Student Gov't votes to divest from most of world, including U.S.
Brazil: Jailbreak from women's prison after inmates handcuff guards expecting S&M orgy
GOP lawmaker opines on rape: 'What is beautiful is the child that could come from this'
28 Inmates Escape Prison After Women In Sexy Police Costumes 'Seduce' Wardens, Promise Orgy
Knicks owner James Dolan calls fan 'alcoholic maybe,' urges him to root for Nets
She was 22, backpacking around the world... and 38 weeks pregnant without knowing it.
Kanye West Jumps On-Stage After Beck Wins 'Album of the Year' Grammy
No charges for New Jersey cop's daughter after she dressed as Hitler and threatened to kill Jews
Former Kinloch official says she was assaulted by police
Office complex implants RFID chips in employees' hands
Only 3% of American singles are worth dating
Jay-Z's reaction to Kanye going on stage with Beck
Officials: Teen charged with killing classmate, took selfie with body
FOX News: We Don't Need FEMA Because We Have Walmart
North Korea defends blackout satellite photos: 'the essence of society is not on flashy lights'
A cop hired a hooker in Reno. She stole his badge and gun while he was asleep. Her pimp shot himself in the leg with it.
Watch Free Online Live Football
Queens graffiti vandal arrested after spray-painting his name all over ex-girlfriend's neighborhood: police
Suspended Kensington Detective's Stolen Gun Recovered After Prostitute's Pimp Shoots Himself In Reno
Fish Sperm Might Be the Secret to Recycling Rare Earth Elements
Tony Abbott 'determined to do better' after spill motion defeated
Prison breakout in Brazil after guards fall for fake 'orgy' plan (VIDEO)
Over Compensation for Dog Bite, Owner Beats Victim to Death
South Korean woman's hair 'eaten' by robot vacuum cleaner as she slept
University of California Student Government Passes Resolution to Divest - From America
Nuclear power the only green energy
Doctors Warn Against 'Measles Parties'
'Did they vote for Taylor Swift instead?' Hilarious Twitter theories on why a mystery MP refused to vote on leadership spill - from cryptic threats to juvenile scribbles
Rapist Cop Facing Dozens of Charges of Sexual Assault Wants His Job Back
Garage Magazine changes name in honor of Kardashian (Kendall Jenner)
Man who lost job for taking selfie at work in an Osama bin Laden mask deserves compensation, tribunal rules
Injured Pennsylvania residents sue GPS device makers and others over Boston bus crash
Vice President Joe Biden on Deflategate: 'I like a softer ball'
Man Sets Dog on Police, Then Bites Them Himself
Homosexual atheist son disowned by family for opting humanities instead of science
Monaco's Prince Albert II plans movie about own youthful bobsled triumphs
Alabama Judge Defies Gay Marriage Law
Not in front of the telly: Warning over 'listening' TV
Millions of Facebook users have no idea they're using the internet
West Caused Ukraine Crisis - Putin
Indian 'woman' has twins despite discovery she is mostly male
Ted Cruz: 'Reality' is that GOP helps 'hurting' people and Democrats are party of 'the top 1 percent'
Snapchat selfie unmasked Pittsburgh killer, police say
Huge explosion at Donetsk chemical plant, Kiev blames 'dropped cigarette butt'
Rich American father buys African man as 'toy' for teen son
Kanye West Says Beck Should Have Given His Grammy To Beyoncé
Grammy millionaires unite to lobby Washington for better pay
'TEACHER OF THE YEAR' IN WASHINGTON ACCUSED OF RAPING STUDENT
Teen faces murder charge after posing for Snapchat selfie with victim
Careful what you say, your TV is listening, warns Samsung
Giant penis 'will put Welsh village on the map', hope locals
Croatian court bans dog from barking at night
Texas professor moving out of dumpster he lived in for 1 year
Brazilian club employs fans' mothers as stewards in bid to stop violence
Feminist Woman Defends Decision To Abort Baby Because It Was A Boy
Sex assault reporting on Canadian campuses suspiciously low, say experts
Croatian court orders dog not to bark at night, or owner faces fine
How ISIS Got their 'Disturbingly Catchy' Theme Tune
Rabbi Yosef Feldman tells royal commission he didn't know it's illegal for adults to touch children's genitals
Men are now objectified more than women
Baylor U.'s Student Court Issues No-Contact Order to Journalists Covering Student Court
Hand Angels: The volunteer group that helps people masturbate
Bold thieves attempt ATM break-in with chainsaw
Controversial `no woman - no job´ rule approved for new professors
Jamaica Funeral Home Sued After Casket Opens During Murdered Woman's Burial
Teen Allegedly Killed Classmate And Posed For Snapchat Selfie With Body
Native Americans Say Facebook Is Accusing Them of Using Fake Names
Female bird kills its mate because the male organ was too small
2 treated at hospital after lawnmower runs over pepper spray container
Firefighters urge people to 'make sure they have an escape plan' as they prepare for Fifty Shades of Grey
Scottsdale officer scrutinized after 6th fatal shooting
Kanye West on Beck's Grammy: he should've given his award to Beyonce.
Cat shelter findings: Less stress with box access
Robot Vacuum 'Eats' Sleeping Woman's Hair
Driver: Brake Line Cut For Parking In 'Dibs' Space
Teen Accused of Killing Classmate Took Selfie with Body: Police
Obama Says Rape Is 'Not Okay - And It Has To Stop'
A Canadian University is Teaching Anti-Vax "Science"
Queen's University prof accused of teaching anti-vaccine "misinformation" in class
Man arrested, lists 'drug dealer' as occupation
Kensington cop suspended after theft of gun by Reno prostitute
How to make breakfast with your vagina
'Gagging for it': It's not rape if the victim is drunk, claims top barrister
Florida Law Would Make It A Crime For Transgender People To Choose Their Own Restroom
Men should be cleared of rape if the victim is drunk, claims barrister
Creationists: To Dismiss Unicorns Found in the Bible as Mythical Animals 'Is to Demean God's Word'
Teen Arrested After Taking Snapchat Selfie With Murder Victim's Body
Christian Anti-Masturbation's Mascot Arrested For Public Masturbation While Accepting Award
Man found on bathroom floor with syringe, spoon
Prayers Do Not Help Healing Process In Bypass Patients
Leaked Data from 30,000 Swiss Bank Accounts Reveals Mass Tax Evasion
Crooks growing cannabis are caught after neighbours notice all the snow had melted from their roof
Robert Downey Jr. puts receipt in mouth while carrying three heavy shopping bags
Sex assault reporting on Canadian campuses worryingly low, say experts
Firefighters free woman's hair from robot vacuum
Robot vacuum cleaner 'attacks' South Korea housewife's hair
Bristol Zoo under fire after endangered warty pig ate its entire family
Jamaican government considers bill to decriminalize marijuana
Rare Monkey Eaten by Otters in Accident at British Zoo
Biting off more than he can chew? Robert Downey Jr. holds receipt in mouth while carrying three heavy shopping bags
Woman who called ticket inspector a 'fat bastard' loses damages claim
Largest Swiss Bank HSBC Document Leak Reveals $120 Billion Hidden in Mass Tax Evasion
Kanye wasn't joking, tells E! that 'Beck needs to respect artistry and he should have given his award to Beyoncé'
Endangered species being eaten by animals at Bristol Zoo, according to whistleblower
Iggy Azalea Declares War On Papa Johns Pizza
Red Bull suing small craft brewery 'Old Ox Brewery' because an ox and a bull are virtually indistinguishable to most consumers.
Red Bull suing small craft brewery 'Old Ox Brewery' because an ox and a bull are indistinguishable to most consumers
Veteran tired of government making him prove he lost his legs
Energy drinks significantly increase hyperactivity in schoolchildren
Florida Lawmaker Says Using Restroom Is A Choice For Transgender People
Make Breakfast With Your Vagina
Teen faces murder charges after Snapchat selfie with victim's body
Charles Manson wedding off after it emerges that fiance Afton Elaine Burton just wanted his corpse for display
Ouija Board Statement Focus of Cold Case Trial Testimony
DOCTORS WARN AGAINST REVIVAL OF 'MEASLES PARTIES'
Teen Fired From "Fuck Ass" Pizza Job Over Twitter Before She Even Starts
Hapless romantic? Name a roach after your ex for Valentine's
Tech company offers night with a PORN STAR for their Employee of the Year bonus
Prosecutor: Liquor store robber arrested after Facebook post
Man pulls out cocaine while trying to bail out friend
Neighbours flock to see 'mutant pig with human face and PENIS on it's forehead'
Charles Manson fiancé allegedly only wanted him for his body
European populist pols boldly pave the way for you to wear jeans to work.
Samsung warns customers to not discuss personal information in front of their television
California police union boss suspended after prostitute steals his gun in Reno hotel: lawyer
Girl born pregnant with twin fetuses.
B&Q [UK Hardware Stores] sends Fifty Shades of Grey memo warning staff to expect soar in demand for cable ties and rope: Staff told to read book in preparation and to deal with queries in a 'sensitive' manner
America's best-selling cars and trucks are built on lies: The rise of fake engine noise
Skeleton racer collides with broom during race
Karma: OZZY OSBOURNE Has To Pay $28,000 To Remove Bats From His Home
North Korea on pictures from soace: "We don't need flashy lights!"
Yeezianity, A Religion Based On Kanye West, Is A Thing That Exists
Red Bull opposing Va. craft brewery's use of 'ox' in name
Tim Hortons apologizes after water poured on homeless man outside Vancouver store
Is Your Child a Terrorist? U.S. Government Questionnaire Rates Families at Risk for Extremism
Boy, 16, arrested after he 'shot classmate in face then sent friend a Snapchat selfie of him posing with the body'
LG chief's maids seek 1 million won from protestors each time they shout the name of their boss, "Koo Bon-moo."
Sheriff makes policy changes after man shot 16 times in bed
Forgotten Apollo moon artifacts found in Neil Armstrong's closet
Cinemas To Install Plastic Seat Covers Ahead of 50 Shades Of Grey Release
Man grabs on to bottom of cable car and hangs on for dear life
Marshawn Lynch quotes make for great pick-up lines, 2 UIC students find
B&Q [UK Hardware Store Chain] staff 'encouraged to read Fifty Shades of Grey' to prepare for surge in rope sales.
UK policeman asks for names and addresses of people who bought Charlie Hebdo magazine and adds them to intelligence database.
B&Q tells staff to read Fifty Shades of Grey ahead of soar in demand for cable ties and tape.
Teen charged with murder after posting gruesome Snapchat selfie
Samsung warns customers not to discuss personal information in front of smart TVs
Shhh! Your smart TV is eavesdropping on you
Parents intentionally exposing kids to measles with "Measles Parties".
New Jeb Bush Chief Technology Officer Deleting Old Tweets About "Sluts"
Stay Away From 'Measles Parties' Docs Warn Parents
Facebook Releases New Content Guidelines, Now Allows Bodily Fluids
Data Says Looking at Ryan Gosling Makes Men More Feminist
Volunteers Give Handjobs to the Severely Disabled
Manson wedding off as bride 'wanted to display his dead body in glass coffin'
Doctors tell 34-year-old man he has just 100 orgasms left because of unique penis disorder
S.F. water manager faces suspension for urinating in reservoir
Pennsylvania teen killed classmate, took 'selfie' with body: police
Red bull files lawsuit against Old Ox brewery because " An "ox" and a "bull" both fall within the same class of "bovine" animals and are virtually indistinguishable to most consumers."
A woman who burst into flames in a crowded cafe after sniffing aerosols and smoking a cigarette has died in hospital (xpost from /r/worldnews)
Teen fired after complaining on Twitter about starting 'f*** a** job' at pizza parlor
Oops! Tech blogger crashes drone while teaching drone safety
Parents In California Holding "Measles Parties"
Samsung gives warning about talking in front of the Smart TV
Alex Rodriguez Tells Barry Bonds He Wants to Take His Career Home Run Record
'Pinhole selfie' camera unveiled.
Australia's chief scientist pro-vaccination (In other news - Pope Catholic)
Feminist Aborts Son because he was a Boy; "I Couldn't Bring Another Monster into the World"
Farc invites Miss Universe to assist in negotiation of peace deal with Colombia.
Woman's hair eaten by robot vacuum while sleeping
German Court Rules Synagogue Firebombing an 'Act of Protest'
Americans are spending their gas savings on more gas
Neil Armstrong Forgot A Bag Of Space Parts In His Closet For 45 Years, Now It Has Been Found (SEE IT)
No bacon on burger: Motive behind McDonald's drive-through window shooting
President Obama Starts His Day With a "Thick Book Full of Death"
New app, High There, is Tinder for pot smokers.
Coexist graffiti artist badly beaten by Muslim 'youths'
Family Raided by Police Over 'Suspected Meth Lab' That Turned Out to be Maple Syrup
Call Kurtis: Why Is 99 Cents Only Store Charging Me 99.99 Cents?
Pennsylvania Man Admits To Selling Fake Pee Online
An Idiot Made a Game Called 'Muhammad Sex Simulator 2015'
Cinemas Buy Plastic Seat Covers For 50 Shades Of Grey Release
Girl Born Pregnant With Twins
Miley Cyrus submits bondage video to NYC Porn Festival
Spring Hill Man Arrested For NOT Battering Woman
Church in the fast lane
Cabbies rally in Trenton for stiff Uber, Lyft regulations
Rare Golden Lion Tamarin Monkey Eaten By Otters In Accident At Britain's Bristol
Robot vacuum tries to eat woman's head
Netflix launches in Cuba as diplomatic relations thaw
Feminist Aborts Baby For Being A Boy, Shocked People Don't Approve
Charles Manson's fiancée wanted to marry him for his corpse: source
Baby born pregnant with twins
Feminist Aborts Child For Being A Boy, And Is Shocked When She Receives Negative Comments
Charles Manson wedding off after it emerges that fiancee Afton Elaine Burton 'just wanted his corpse for display'
How to Get Into Space for Cheap-Use a Balloon
How To Stop Your Smart TV From Eavesdropping On You
Charles Manson wedding off - fiancee 'just wanted his corpse for display'
Family asks cops to check on 74-year-old vet after surgery, and they break in and kill him
The first totally blind person in the USA to acquire a concealed-carry permit
Jeannette teen, charged with killing another, took 'selfie' with body, court papers say
Pennsylvania teenager murdered classmate and posed with the victim's body for a "selfie,"
San Francisco Water Manager Faces Suspension After Seen Urinating In Reservoir
Fifty Shades of Grey' Author Sued over Mediocre Sex Lubricant
This Is the Computer-Tested Best Method to Finding Waldo in 'Where's Waldo?'
Oklahoma Considers Gas Chamber For Future Executions
Teen finds Chicken Organ in KFC, Just Wants his $4 Back
Mum discovers her 3-year-old son used to be a 30-year-old woman
Stewart on Brian Williams: Finally! Someone Held Accountable for Iraq Lies
Dog given barking ban with threat of €2,800 fine by court in Croatia
Manson wedding off after wife reveals she just wanted his corpse
UC Students Vote To Divest ... From America
Blond-haired Caucasian: Deepak Dhankar's online dating lies lead to sex-fraud charges
This parrot won't stop reenacting its owners' divorce
Should every woman shave her FACE?
Leningrad Regional Court Says Local Hunters Can No Longer Shoot Stray Dogs
Buying a home is easier if you're white
Sitting will kill you, even if you exercise
Mutant pig with strange features and appendage on its forehead draws crowds - and cash offers
Charles Manson's fiancee allegedly only wanted him for his corpse
Obama asks Germany "to give us the benefit of the doubt" on NSA spying
Teenager arrested after taking Snapchat selfie with dead body
Charles Manson's Ex-Fiancée Using Him For His Corpse
Florida women who does not know she is pregnant, gives birth to a 14-pound baby boy
Brazilian club employ mothers as stewards to curb fan violence
Teen Takes Selfie With Dead Body After Allegedly Shooting Classmate
A 2 year old political party literally called "Common Man Party" just won 95% of the seats in the Capital of India
LeBron James Fought Back Tears As He Watched 'The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air's Saddest Scene
After 200 years... it's a girl!
Ozzy Osbourne Must Pay $27,000 To Rid His Home Of Bats
Energy drinks raise risk of hyperactivity, inattention in children: study
A man was charged with assault after flicking three baked beans at a detention officer
Haunted MacBook on eBay
Sydney GP found incompetent to practise medicine because he has a narcissistic personality disorder
Watch angry COBRA defend his turf as deadly snake strikes out at huge lorries
NYC Porn Film Festival accepts a sexy submission from Miley Cyrus
YouTube removes porn that was hidden using Irish language
Cops: Family Kidnaps Boy as Lesson About Strangers
Germany rejects Greek claim for World War Two reparations
Clifton new double yellow lines 'bonkers'
Man kills pedophile ,who was taking pictures of his daughter, in 1 punch
Students urge UC to divest from America
Dutch police catch cannabis growers after spotting snow-free roof
Strip Club Leaves Fliers That Look Like Parking Tickets on Cars
KickAss Torrent Download Website Seized
Valentine's Day Deal: Newark selling sweethearts vacant lots for $1,000
Why it's a terrible idea for women to shave their faces
Strauss-Kahn: Only 12 sex parties in three years
Jeb Bush hires co-founder of hipster.com
Snoop Dogg Is Raising A Fund For Investing In Weed Startups
Billion-dollar startup TransferWise has a sauna inside its office
Drunk driver finished drink in front of police officers
Alabama Loses Yet Another Fight to Remain in Eighteenth Century
Pennsylvania teen charged with murder after taking Snapchat selfie with victim's body
Pets killed, house destroyed in massage oil explosion
Endangered Monkey Eaten by Otters at British Zoo of Horrors
Parrot From a Broken Home Can't Stop Reenacting the Divorce
Paralyzed bear nursed back to life by 'Bear Man of Emo'
Violence And Porn Increase After The Superbowl
Man steals pork loin from West Windsor Sam's Club by shoving it down his pants
Wall Street CEO turns down $2.2 million bonus he didn't deserve
Smoking marijuana may help athletic performance
Ex-IMF chief Strauss-Kahn: I didn't know there were prostitutes at sex parties
DSK Testifies He "Only" Went To Four Orgies A Year
Archaeologists discover 100 prehistoric 'cult sites' in Israel, featuring penis-shaped stone structures
Mugabe falls: '27 bodyguards punished' after Zimbabwe president stumbles on carpet
Here is the face of wilful academic ignorance.. The Canadian University Professor who teaches that Vaccines don't work.
Conman wore nappies and sucked lollipop to blag his way into elderly women's homes
DJ Andrew Weatherall's Beard Is Up For Sale On eBay
Jewish Magazine Tablet Now Charging $2 Per Day to Comment
'Phallic' cloud statue causes a stir in New Zealand
Saudi Historian Says U.S. Women Drive Because They Don't Care If They're Raped
Strauss-Kahn: Only four orgies a year took place
Saudi Historian: U.S. Women Drive Because They Don't Care If They're Raped
'Measles parties' a bad idea, California public health officials warn
Have you been trying to figure out how to carry a firearm and a baby but can't seem to get it to work?
Dominique Strauss-Kahn Says He Didn't Know Prostitutes Were at Sex Parties
YOU CAN NOW GIVE YOUR BOYFRIEND A CHOCOLATE MOLD OF YOUR BUTTHOLE FOR VALENTINE'S DAY [NSFW]
Snowy owl kills poorly endowed mate
Iowa couple who received cow poop in mail sue sender
'Feminist' says she aborted baby because it was a boy
Topless Femen activists jump on Dominique Strauss-Kahn's car as he arrives for trial.
Wells Fargo confuses South Korea with communist North
'Feminist' Lana 'Aborts Baby Because It's A Boy' And Is Surprised By Backlash
Charles Manson's fiancée 'only wanted to marry him so she could put his corpse on display in a glass coffin after he died'
"I'm just not very good at bullshitting," the President of the United States said with a sigh.
Obama Asks Germany to Stop 'Assuming the Worst' About NSA Spying
Here's Miley Cyrus's official entry into the NYC Porn Film Festival
Reporter calls Comcast CEO Brian Roberts' mom to complain about poor service
Romanian gang admit stealing £350 from Tower of London moat intended for Royal British Legion
Man Bites Python, Says He Has No Memory of it
'Measles parties' a bad idea, public health officials warn
Primary school bans children from looking at snow as it is 'too distracting'
Croatian Court Orders Dog To Not Bark At Night
Trial of alleged 9/11 plotters halted after accused 'recognises interpreter' from CIA 'black site'
Feminist Aborts Baby Because It Was A Boy: 'Something I Wouldn't Wish On My Worst Enemy,' She Says
TSA Supervisor Got Traveler Arrested For Bogus 'Terroristic Threat' Charge, Lied About Incident In Court
B&Q memo warns staff to expect rush on rope and cable ties after 50 Shades release
Indonesia: Female students barred from graduating if they fail virginity test
Chinese Students Kicked Out Of Harvard Conference After Taiwan Row
'I don't understand what the big fuss is about Sam Smith', says Sam Smith
Canadian Muslim Who Sends Text Urging His Employees To 'Blow Away' The Competition Arrested As A 'Terror' Suspect
Buckfast not flavour of the month at court
Australia to compete in the 2015 Eurovision Song Contest
British hardware store employees told to prepare for rise in demand of ropes, cable ties, tape with release of Fifty Shades of Grey
NASA Captures "Smiley Face" Galaxy
All The Times Kanye West Gave His Own Awards To Someone Else
Charles Manson's fiancée allegedly only wanted him for his (dead) body
Joni Ernst: Vaccines Should Be Outlawed As They "Manipulate Brains," Make People More Liberal
Putin Gives Egypt's Fattah al-Sisi 'Glorious' Kalashnikov AK-47
Drone Almost Hits Commercial Jet at 4,000 Feet at LAX
Raspberry Pi 2 breaks if pictures are taken of it
Man falls off bridge avoiding traffic, struck after climbing back up
Don't They Have A Job? People In Bolivia Protest For 'The Simpsons' TV Slot
Charles Manson's fiancée wanted to marry him for his corpse
Urban Outfitters asked to stop selling tapestry resembling Holocaust uniform
ROBYN LAWLEY - the first model above sample size to appear in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue.
FBI: Hitler Didn't Die, Fled To Argentina - Stunning Admission
The search for an Ebola cure is gearing up - but there may be too few patients.
Bill Clinton Apologizes To Mexico For The Whole Drug War Thing
Charles Manson's fiancée reportedly wanted to marry him for his corpse
Texas girl fired on Twitter
KFC: Brain found by teen was safe to eat
Germany criticised for forming antisemitism commission without Jews
Australia to complete in the Eurovision Song Contest
US Senator- Vaccines Should Be Outlawed As They "Manipulate Brains," Make People More Liberal
Fifty Shades Of Grey: Hardware Stores Expecting Rise In Duct Tape And Rope Sales
Is this proof a lost Rockefeller heir joined a tribe of naked cannibals? Picture shows white man with Papuan man-eaters eight years after mysterious disappearance
Urban Outfitters Sparks Outrage With Tapestry Resembling Gay Concentration Camp Uniform
Azealia Banks: When I Say 'Faggot,' I Mean It In a Feminist Way
Fifty Shades of Grey: B&Q 'memo' tells staff to read erotic novel to prepare for surge in bondage prop sales
The Independent Discovery of TCP/IP, By Ants
Ex-IMF Chief Strauss-Kahn Denies Organizing Orgies, Says He Had No Time
Sex toy injuries surged after 'Fifty Shades of Grey' was published
Bizarre accident shuts down the Patroon Island Bridge
Eurovision Song Contest invites Australia to join 'world's biggest party'
Human-Sized Turd Thinks US Women Drive Because They Don't Mind Rape
Baby girl born 'pregnant,' with twins in abdomen
A Doctor Was Caught Having Sex With Patients To Show Them The G-Spot
Didn't know women at sex parties were prostitutes: Ex-IMF head
Man gets results from Comcast only after telling CEO's mom her son's company is terrible
Republican lawmaker: Childbirth resulting from rape is "beautiful"
Newsweek Twitter, others hacked by CyberCaliphate
Likely GOP Candidates Say They Are Worried About Income Inequality, Push Policies That Worsen It
Hollywood shames us working class parents (just kidding.) This is getting ridiculous.... We need to stop catering to/perpetuating this attitude if a society of "victims." Get on with your life....
Israeli busted for drugs after leaving CV in bag with stash
Twitter's chief financial officer just had his Twitter account hacked
Science proves vaccines cause disease - nutrition is the key to a long, healthy life
Indiana woman gets 2 years for scrotum abuse
Singles Night at Safeway proves there's a lot of savvy shoppers
Man who creates "Coexist" art attacked by Muslims
Urban Outfitters sells tapestry 'eerily reminiscent' of Holocaust garb
Saudi historian defends ban on female drivers, says women would get raped if they drive
Antidefamation League to Urban Outfitters: Remove Tapestry "Eerily Reminiscent" of Holocaust Garb
We dream about drones, said 13-year-old Yemeni before his death in a CIA strike
Fifty Shades: B&Q stocks up on rope as fans eye some kinky DIY
Google's robot dog brings us one step closer to the end of humanity
Baby Born With Two Fetuses Inside
Reading Fifty Shades of Grey makes you 'more likely to have sex'
Missionary 'Discouraged' To Find Africa Isn't Complete Wasteland That She Can Save
Turkey Investigating Minecraft for Being 'Too Violent'
College students say they prefer Apple iPhones to sex
Rapper Kevin Gates Kicked a Woman Out of His House For Not Giving His Dog Fellatio
Kanye West barred from all future awards shows
Berkeley Offers Lecture on "Queer Agriculture"
B&Q sends Fifty Shades of Grey memo warning staff to expect soar in demand for cable ties and rope
Aircraft Carrier Steams Through A Rainbow
Dinosaurs and LSD might have co-existed
Fifty shades of grey tape: B&Q tells stores to stock up on bondage hardware
Inside The Strange Fight Over Mark Zuckerberg's Bedroom
Are Kim Jong Un and Vladimir Putin becoming BFFs?
Syrian child beaten by Burger King manager in Istanbul for eating customer's leftovers
Jeb Bush dumps emails, home addresses, and social security numbers of Florida residents online
Red bull sues brewery, because and ox looks like a bull.
Cardale Jones demands proper reporting on video game blowout
In Japan, the Revolutionary Alliance of Men That Woman Are Not Attracted To will gather to protest Valentine's Day and its roots in what they call "romantic capitalist oppression."
Strauss-Kahn denies knowing sex party women were prostitutes
Puerto Rico considers fining parents of obese children
Yedinci Oğul Full 720p Hd Vk izle
Drama queen cockatoo reenacts divorced couple's fight
Police Prepare For Rich-On-Rich Violence At Santa Monica Vs. Beverly Hills Game
Movie theaters across America buy plastic seat covers to protect chairs during 50 Shades of Grey
Kevin Gates Kicks Girl Out For Not Giving His Dog Head [NSFW]
waffle house now taking reservations for candlelight dinner
Eddie Murphy Finally Admits One of His Movies Was Terrible
Woman Who Was Engaged To Charles Manson Wanted His Corpse
Sports clubs in poo over loo tax
UK Man Charged with Assault After Flicking Baked Beans at a Police Officer
Dutch Cannabis Growers Busted Because Their Roof Is the Only One without Snow on it
This guy edited 50,000 Wikipedia articles to fix a grammar error that's not even an error
Napping reverses health effects of poor sleep
4 strippers arrested by undercover cops in San Antonio for allegedly showing butt cracks
Keurig fire destroys apartment, company offers new coffee maker
Jon Stewart Says He's Leaving Daily Show
Jon Stewart Leaving 'The Daily Show'
Eurovision Song Contest: Australia to compete in 2015
Comedy Central announces Jon Stewart Leaving Daily Show
Drunk mountain gorilla punches photographer, who got the shot.
Puerto Rico considers fining parents of obese children up to $800
'An ox is a castrated bull': Red Bull files trademark dispute with Old Ox Brewery
Perp Told Cops His Job Was "Drug Dealer"
He really is king of the swingers! Photographer gets a rumble in the jungle when he's clobbered by 30-stone gorilla
World's oldest marijuana stash totally busted
Man wearing high heels, fishnet tights wanted over Melbourne fast food robbery
Facebook Blocks Accounts Over Profile Titles
TOAST: THE NEW "IT" FLAVOR OF 2015?
McDonalds Ireland is giving out hamburgers to drive thru customers they deem 'unmanly'.
No Jews on German Anti-Semitism panel
Report: Charles Manson's Fiancée Wanted To Marry Him For His Corpse
Kevin Gates Gets Angry at Woman for Refusing to Give His Dog Oral Sex
Cops: Man charged with sexual assault blames child
Broke young people remain convinced they'll be millionaires one day
Sorry, It's Not My "Job" To Vaccinate My Kid To Protect Yours
Husband forgets to tell wife about lost snake in family car
Agen Bola Terpercaya - Liverpool Akan Memperhatikan Gerakan Eriksen
helping patients find their G-spots, then banging them
Fun Lovin' Marin Parents Now Hosting Measles Infection Parties
Popadick arrested for indecent exposure
2 Deer Stuck Together; Police Use Stun Gun to Free 1
A Japanese zookeeper dressed up in a snow leopard costume to simulate an animal escape, going so far as "injuring" a fellow employee before being taken down by a fake tranquilizer gun.
Measles Parties? Some Parents Want to Infect Kids to Build Immunity
Facebook suspending Native Americans over 'fake' names
Chinese Imams Forced To Dance
Napping Reverses Health Effects Of Poor Sleep (X-post r/science)
Chinese students were kicked out of Harvard's model UN after flipping out when Taiwan was called a country
12-year-old Japanese "idol" paralyzed after inhaling helium for wacky variety show
Charles Manson calls off wedding after learning fiancée wanted to put his corpse on display
'Twin fetuses' found inside Hong Kong baby | National News - WISN Home
Attention college students: You may have earned a degree without knowing it
What's the Latest with the Vajankle, the Sex Toy Shaped Like a Foot?
Man arrested on drug charge while paying friend's bond at police station
Urban Outfitters Sparks Outrage For Selling Holocaust-Themed Tapestry
Girl, 11, charged with murder in beating death of 2-month-old baby
Upskirt photos of teen girl ruled legal in Oregon
US Healthcare Is So Screwed I Fly to Britain for My Medication
Family Asked Cops To Check On 74-Year-Old Vet After Surgery... They Broke In and Killed Him Instead
Suspicious banana in tree not a bomb
Boston is measuring its snowfall compared to height of athletes
Obama Announces New Privacy Rules for the World. World Not Impressed.
Katy Perry? Taylor Swift? Butt Plugs?
Butt Plug Making Artist Is the Common Ground Between Katy Perry And Taylor Swift
Oil company employees should consider quitting their jobs
Iggy Azalea says a dolphin once tried to kill Nick Young
North Korea Touts Dark Satellite Photo in Editorial
In the US, if a 14-15 year old boy is raped by a 35 year old woman and she gets pregnant, the child is forced to pay child support (Not a single case has been won by a boy).
Baby born pregnant with twin fetuses.
Teen invents $500 home dialysis machine
Oklahoma considers bringing back gas chambers
Woman Uses Her Own Vagina to Whip Up First Ever Feminist Yogurt
His name....Sir John Micael
Brazil priest falls in grave while praying at burial
Asteroids is getting rebooted as an open-world survival MMO
Nick Young: Dolphin tried to kill me
Man Shot Point Blank in Chest, Beats Suspect Then Drove Self to Hospital In Suspects Vehicle.
The butcher/rapper of ISIS: German jihadist became terrorists' poster boy
Woman Makes Yogurt With Vagina
Pink bus of Labour women on 'kitchen table' tour to woo female voters
'Halal money' funds terrorism: Australian senator
The most extreme reaction to a newborn baby
The rubber in your rubbers: the condom company making sexy time sustainable
Shipment of "Freedom" brand museli bars rejected by Manus Island Detention Centre
The bull whose semen is worth $3,000
Samsung TVs start inserting ads into your movies
Moscow Woman Electrocuted After Dropping iPhone 4 in Bathtub
Strauss-Kahn tells court he didn't know prostitutes participated in his orgies
French Artist's Calls For Peace End in Brutal Beating By Local Muslims
Town mayor calls them 'parasites': Kill dolphins, whales
Missoula lawmaker: Yoga pants, Speedos should be illegal in public
Science Finally Determines How Many Licks it Takes to Get to the Center of a Tootsie Pop
Australia to compete in Eurovision 2015
Rail food worker axed for telling passengers truth
Grandchildren of 'Sound of Music' Von Trapp Family Form Indie Band
Truck Driver Said He was Fired for Writing Jesus as his Co-Driver
US Charges Iowa Widow Over How She Deposited Husband's Cash
Australia Banned a TV Episode Because It Said Spiders Weren't Scary
Why you shouldn't RSVP to a 'measles party'
Aristotle made the theory that fleas came from dust and crocodiles emerged from rotten log of woods!
San Antonio Strippers Arrested for Showing Butt Cracks
Merrimack police post arrest warrant for Punxsutawney Phil
N.J. woman, charged in fatal penis enhancing procedure, accused of new injections.
Online magazine starts charging readers who want to post comments
Here's where GOP wants to hand Obama more power
Supreme Court rules it's OK to fire a woman for breastfeeding
Why eat chocolate when you can snort it? A Belgian chocolatier invented a way
German Jewish community angered as national anti-Semitism commission excludes Jews
Vermont Teddy Bear Company Debuts '50 Shades of Grey' Bear
Urban Outfitters under fire for tapestry 'eerily' similar to concentration camp uniform
Saudi historian claims Western women drive because they 'don't care about being raped'
KS governor removes LGBT discrimination protections for state workers.
2 sleeping in dumpster get emptied into garbage truck
Grieving family asked to move granddad's grave away from Muslim man buried alongside as he is 'non-believer'
LA Lakers' Nick Young: dolphin tried to kill me and steal my girlfriend Iggy Azalea
Taylor Swift registers ITaughtTaylorSwiftHowToGiveHead.com (no joke)
Montana lawmaker seeks to outlaw provocative clothing, yoga pants and men's Speedo-style swim briefs should be illegal in public.
Samsung starts pushing adverts onto people's TVs - even when they're not watching TV
Tampa Couple Discovered in Garbage Truck After Rough Night at Casino
Montana lawmaker: Yoga pants, Speedos should be illegal in public
Eggnog explosion in New jersey injures two
Music video helped police lay charges in trafficking investigation
Federal Election Commission to Consider Regulating Online Political Speech
Kanye West Says He's Working With Taylor Swift, Taylor Told Him He Should Have Gotten on Stage With Beck at Grammys
Heavy metal musician falls from door of speeding coach after 'mistaking it for toilet door'
Arrest Punxsutawney Phil, Police in new Hampshire Say
Zombie Cat Now at Center of Custody Dispute
Indonesia's answer to twerking: Goyang Dribble (VIDEO possibly NSFW)
Authorities Find Marijuana Grow In Oklahoma County
Yup, Miley Cyrus Is Officially Doing Porn Now
Statutory rape victim forced to pay child support
Teen promptly arrested after taking selfie with gunshot victim
Flyer opens plane door, Air India averts mishap by a whisker
Fox News guest: Obama's religion speech was 'verbal rape' on Christians.
Florida Lawmaker Seeks Support for Bill Requiring Schools to Show Dinesh D'Souza Movie
From The Cold Depths Of Space, A Smile Emerges
Stoned drivers safer than drunk ones, federal data show
Human servers to be replaced by flying robot waiters in Singapore
Irish language used to hide porn on YouTube
YouTube Flags Cat Purring as Copyright Infringing Music
Scientists Create Peanut Butter Jellyfish
Don't read the comments-they can make you mistrust real experts.
Burrowing burglar trapped in air duct freed by firefighters
Washington has more pot than it can smoke
ISIS Beheadings and Saudi Executions Are 'Different,' Official Says
Watching This Woman Getting Her Butthole Bronzed May Give You New Ideas For Valentine's Day
New Jersey Police Crack Down on Teens for Illegal Snow Shoveling
Montana Lawmaker Seeks to Outlaw Yoga Pants
John McAfee prepares for his 'last stand'
Cows Survive Frozen Pond Only to Be Sent Back for Slaughter
Police Use Axe Body Spray to Break Up Crust Punk Protest
The zen of the strip club bathroom attendant
If life gives you lemons..
Navy asks public to help them come up with a new slogan.
Dead kid in Nationwide's 2015 Super Bowl commercial goes from buzzkill to internet meme
Man from 'Teen Mom' releases condom line
Bride and groom exchange vows after fatal shooting at their wedding.
If you're going to Pyongyang, be sure to check out the foreigner-only Wi-Fi
House Rejects Bid To End The Endless War On Terror
China: 'Sneakerhead' pawns 283 pairs of Nike Air Jordans to buy an apartment
Middle-school students given "50 Shades of Grey" valentine's puzzles
Man acquitted of murder by reason of insanity appeals his own acquittal
Apartment complex, service provider working to address blockage of popular porn sites
Pa. Middle School Students Given 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Puzzles
Science fun? Book at Liberty Science Center teaches kids how to make fake guns
Man shot dead at Irish church, wedding continues
I bet the T-Rex wasn't the best at rolling blunts
Authorities Find Marijuana Grow In Oklahoma County - Video
Emergency services, bomb technician, determine that 'banana' in pine tree is harmless geocache
Sex toy injuries rocket after release of Fifty Shades of Grey
Montana Lawmaker Wants to Ban Yoga Pants
Russian journalist literally barks at Ukrainian colleagues during Minsk peace talks
Judge Rules You Can't Sue the NSA for Secretly Spying on You Unless You Prove You're Being Secretly Spied On
Miley Cyrus isn't participating in the NYC Porn Film Festival
Samsung Plans 3-Sided Screen in New Galaxy Smartphone
Duck Dynasty: The Musical
Comets Form Like Deep Fried Ice Cream Scoops
Hospital administrator killed herself after worrying that she was about to turn 30 with no husband or children
Young Oakland Girls Called 'Radical Brownies' Learn Social Justice Instead Of Selling Cookies
LA Health Officials Take Action After Local Supermarket Sells Raccoons As Food
Woman Avoids Smiling for 40 Years to Stop Wrinkles
Man thinks dog is driving squad car while he is being transported after DUI arrest
Bomb threats against Calgary schools demand Bitcoin, police say 'no validity' to threats
Russian Watchdog Accuses Twitter of Breaking Laws on Extremism
Ex-teacher with a phobia of kids attempts to sue school.
France Is Fine with 'Fifty Shades' Sex Scenes, Rates It Suitable for Teens
Ohio State University QB Cardale Jones Visits Kids in Hospital, Dominates Them in Video Games
Merrimack Police Department files arrest warrent for Groundhog
Montana GOP Legislator Wants to Ban Yoga Pants
Murders 'over parking, not religion'
Waffle House offers candle-lit dinner for Valentine's Day
Woman makes yogurt using her vagina
T-Rexes used to trip balls
Frustrated police post arrest warrant for Punxsutawney Phil
ESPORTS ATHLETES WORK WITH WHITE HOUSE TO PROMOTE HEALTHCARE ENROLLMENT
President Robert Mugabe's guards 'sacked' for allowing him to trip on red carpet
Love Frappuccinos? Thank Kenny G: Starbucks says saxophonist helped inspire frozen drink
Malcolm X's Daughter Ilyasah Shabazz OK with Whites Using N-word 'Cause Blacks Use it (Watch)
Kanye West to Live Stream Launch of Adidas Yeezy 750 Boost in Theaters
'Arrest Warrant' Issued for Punxsutawney Phil in New Hampshire
British tank crashes into German couple's garden fence
Adventures in Cooking With Semen
Dildo Wielded During City Council Meeting
Fox news crew robbed while filming Powerball segment
Chicago Jackie Robinson West Little League stripped of U.S. championship XPOST From /r/News
Parents outraged after Fifty Shades of Grey crossword puzzle with words like 'intercourse' and 'spanking' were handed out to middle school students
Australia's oldest man likes to knit mini sweaters for injured penguins
Welsh town mistaken for walking dead film set
Kanye West says of Grammy Award ceremony outburst "the voices in my head made me do it!"
Man Arrested for Slapping Police Horse on Rear End, NYPD Says - Midtown
Turkey Investigating Minecraft Over Claims That It's Too Violent
N.H. Town Police Done With Snow, Want to Arrest Punxsutawney Phil
The White House Is Trying To Sell Obamacare To Gamers
UKIP to reach out to male voters with A-Team van
Montana Lawmaker Wants to Outlaw Yoga Pants
8 in 10 international school students in Korea are Koreans
Australia's oldest person reveals he spends his time knitting jumpers for penguins
So apparently the word "repulsive" is racist (BBC)
Suspicious banana in tree not a bomb (x-post from u/N9GSU)
Suspected Robber Arrested While Attempting Another Armed Robbery
So apparently the word "repulsive" is racist now (UK)
Montana GOP lawmaker has a plan to fix society's problems: Ban yoga pants in public
Taylor Swift buys domain itaughttaylorswifthowtogivehead.com
Bride carries on with traveller wedding after guest shot dead
Pope Francis: the choice to not have children is selfish
Rapper Kevin Gates kicks woman out of house for not giving dog fellatio
Who will be the Formula One champion in 2015?
France only gives 'Fifty Shades' under-12s restriction
The 'Fifty Shades' Effect: UK Hardware Store Chain Prepping for Run on Rope
Someone wrote an anti-vax book called "Melanie's Marvelous Measles"
Sex-Toy Injuries Have Spiked Since Fifty Shades [of Grey] Was Published
The Koreans who televise themselves eating dinner
Red Bull files trademark suit against Old Ox Brewery in Virginia because a "bull and ox are of the same bovine variety"
Scott Walker 'punts' on evolution question
Human Rights Commission should congratulate Scott Morrison: Tony Abbott responds to report on children in immigration detention
Neighbor sues Seattle family for $500,000 over barking dog
Sex-Toy Injuries Have Spiked Since Fifty Shades Was Published
Supermarkets urged to move daffodils
German company crowd funds sustainable, ethical condoms
Man Caught on Camera Stealing Surveillance Cameras: Police
'I'm tired of running': John McAfee reveals he's settled with his wife in Tennessee - but is always armed and ready for a government raid
Montana lawmaker says yoga pants should be illegal
Ajit Pai: Net neutrality will help foreign leaders control the Internet
"I'm not racist, I'm color blind!" This lady claims if you are white, you are racist
High School Teacher With Fear of Young Children Loses Disability-Bias Case
Dinosaurs are such bad role models.
Oregon judge: Photos taken up teen's skirt at store not illegal
This is how we do taxes at Walmart motherf*#ker!
Oscar nominees to all get 'O-Spot' surgery gift vouchers to transplant blood into their vaginas
Tim Hortons apologizes after water poured on sleeping homeless men
Is Kanye West the next John Lennon?: "Pointless activism, an experimental phase, McCartney collaborations -- Yeezy's becoming more like Lennon every day."
Art critics can't decide whether Calgary four-year-old Cosette Swart is a prodigy or a dabbler
Coca-Cola ends automated Twitter campaign after it tweets parts of Mein Kampf
Meet The Teenage Girls Who Made The Feminist iPhone Game "Tampon Run"
Winter-Weary New Hampshire Police Dept. Wants Punxsutawney Phil Arrested
Why don't Black Americans swim.
Kansas bill would reward foster parents who are married, faithful, alcohol-free.
Mississippi KKK "salutes" Alabama chief justice Roy Moore for gay marriage stance
Study suggests dinosaurs were high on psychedelic fungus
Guy tapes a pat down and airport workers team up on him because worker feels uncomfortable... who's right?
Dinosaurs were high on psychedelic fungus, new study suggests
Raccoon meat for sale at L.A. supermarket; store under investigation
A baby born in Hong Kong was pregnant with her own siblings at the time of her birth, according to a new report of the infant's case. "Weird things happen early, early in the pregnancy that we just don't understand,"
Fox host: 'We had to give up our freedom' during snow storm because climate change is a hoax
Former IMF chief Strauss-Kahn admits rough approach to sex
North Korea, Singapore discuss bilateral cooperation
Fake Watches Navi Mumbai
Bus driver 'removed' after alcohol selfie surfaces
6 Things You Should Never Blend
Man's Penis Stuck in Toaster as 'Fifty Shades Effect' Hits London Fire Brigade
San Diego woman suing over claims of 'Fifty Shades of Grey' pleasure gel
Police want to take Punxsutawney Phil into custody
Taylor Swift registers ITaughtTaylorSwiftHowToGiveHead.com
Police issue warrant for Punxsutawney Phil's arrest
Teen Complains on Twitter About Pizza Job, Boss Tweets 'You're Fired'
Lakers' Nick Young: dolphin tried to kill me and steal my girlfriend Iggy Azalea
Fifty Shades of Grey 999 call spike expected by London Fire Brigade
Saudi Man: Women Drivers Don't Care If They're Raped
Court rules against ex-teacher with a phobia of young kids
Wi-fi connected SHEEP and BADGERS to help connect rural Wales
Korean Air executive guilty in 'nut rage' case
France's Censorship Board Said 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Is OK for 12-Year-Olds
Indian man paralyzed after Alabama cop body-slams him for walking in wealthy white suburb
Mom Tackles Driver Fleeing Cops in Road, Capping Dramatic Chase
Indian Man Goes For A Walk In Wealthy Alabama Town, Gets Severely Beaten By Police
Former Korean Air Executive Gets 1-Year Sentence in 'Nut Rage' Episode
Middle school students get '50 Shades of Grey' word search
Mystery of the giant phallic symbol on a North Wales mountain
Absolute miracle' 2 men inside van survived being crushed on Route 3
Amsterdam Police Respond To Death Threat Created By A Twitter Bot
88-Year-Old Has to Be Stopped from Charging the Mound at Rockies Fantasy Camp
Kanye West wants to design your high school uniform
Healthy advice for women
Stopping a Smart TV From Eavesdropping On You Could Be a Felony
The Ghost Of Macho Man Randy Savage Is Allegedly Haunting A Florida Wrestling Promotion
Tablet magazine starts charging commenters
The NYC Lounge That Only Caters To Hot Models
Montana legislator says 'yoga pants should be illegal in public'
Scientists are closing in on a cure for love, but should they go ahead with it?
Yolo county man survives ride after being scooped up by garbage truck.
Obese 100-year-old crocodile dies from overeating after worshippers keep throwing it chickens and goats for good luck
Arrest warrant issued for Punxsutawney Phil
WASHINGTON: Government wonders: What's in your old emails?
Kim Kardashianâs caption on Grammy Selfie is a lie & amp: John Legend reveals the truth
Montana Lawmaker: 'Yoga Pants Should Be Illegal'
7 Easy Ways to Get Your Identity Stolen
"Man Raped By Church Teacher to "Cure" His Homosexuality"
What's It Like To Be Black And Have A Famous Nazi Grandfather?
North Korea propaganda slogans urge 'socialist fairyland'
Fifty Shades of Grey: Firefighters braced for spike in calls over bondage mishaps
MIDDLE SCHOOL STUDENTS GIVEN EXPLICIT 'FIFTY SHADES OF GREY' PUZZLES
Brian Williams isn't on TV right now. Should I tell my son why?
LSU students demonstrate against racial profiling in campus emergency texts
Cops: Fish in shoe provided clue in Pa. man's arrest
Florida teen has penis reduction surgery in order to deal with his 'large and heavy phallus'
Joni Mitchell: I felt like a black man
Dinos Got High, Oldest Grass Fungus Fossil Hints
Ex-Korean Air executive sentenced to prison in 'nut rage' case
No charges for woman who threw bacon into police station
Man Creates Dating Site Where He is the Only Option
Top rabbi drowns iPhone.
Kill Dolphins, Whales To Reduce Competition For Fishermen, Suggests Mayor Of Beachside Town In Philippines
New warning signs: Watch out for attacking owls!
Texas man arrested after trying to pay taxes in $1 bills
King of Spain takes 20-per-cent salary cut in push for modest monarchy
Moscow urges Croatia, other countries to stop mercenaries' involvement in Ukraine
Mohammed Ahmed, Illinois Man, Arrested For Soliciting Prostitute While On His Honeymoon
China's Internet Censorship Anthem Is Revealed, Then Deleted
Metallica Launches Line Of Skis
Lonely Japanese men protest the 'blood-soaked conspiracy' of Valentine's Day
Woman gives stranger kidney, now they're engaged
Naked man jumps on bus to flee Braintree flat fire
Lack of Snow on House leads to Drug Bust
Georgia lawmaker pushes bill banning creation of 'glow in the dark' human-jellyfish hybrids
Maine lawmaker vows to put a stop to improper pints after locals get frothy
How to chose who inherits your Facebook when you die
Facebook now lets you post when you're dead
Paris Votes to Sue Fox News for Damage to Its Reputation
Francis Fukuyama on His Grammy-Nominated Fangirl Iggy Azalea
VA secretary asks Iraq War veteran: 'What have you done?'
Scientists Cure Lupus in Mice with a One-Two Punch
Woman fights Dallas chase suspect who crashed into her van
Kanye West will simulcast the introduction of his new sneakers in movie theaters across the country
First model with Down syndrome in New York Fashion Week
Monessen Middle School Students Given 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Puzzles
Man Arrested for Slapping Police Horse on Rear End, NYPD Says
Using love songs to attract swallows back to Capistrano not working
Search For University Of Oregon President Yields 250 Nominations
FBI Chief Says Everyone's A Little Bit Racist
Facebook rolls out feature for users when they die
Killed by an iPhone: Tragedy as woman dies after dropping handset in the bath
Jeb Bush's tech officer resigns after controversial tweets
New York City sets new record: no murders for 10 days
New York City sets record with no murders in 10 days in a row
How to get Olive Garden to babysit while you eat unlimited breadsticks
Hundreds of South Carolina Inmates Sent to Solitary Confinement Over Facebook
Biden Gives Shout Out to 'Old Butt Buddy' in Iowa
America's Largest Christian Bookstore Chain Files for Bankruptcy | "We have carefully and prayerfully considered every option."
Woman Makes Yogurt From Her Vagina, Says It Tastes "Sour, Tangy, and Tingly"
IT TURNS OUT ONLY 33 PEOPLE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD WANT A NEW BROKENCYDE ALBUM
Facebook lets users appoint a legacy contact to control their profile after they die
Comcast cashes elderly woman's rent check, refuses to give her a refund until busted by local news
Judge Rules Against Teacher With Fear Of Children
Improve everything! N. Korea unveils new slogans
Bolivians protest en masse to bring back 'Simpsons'
Russian woman dies after dropping charging iPhone into bathtub
Here's what the man who had sex with a dolphin has to say
Big condoms partly to blame for Thai teen STI spike
Ouch! Sex toy related injuries have surged since the release of Fifty Shades of Grey
Rich NBA Player Only Bathes in Red Wine
Thousands of Bolivians take to the streets protesting 'The Simpsons' time slot.
More and More Americans Think Astrology Is Science
Thames Valley Police's Brian horse name change plan sparks 'outrage' from Brians
Internet Neo-Nazis Are Trying to Build a White Supremacist Utopia in Namibia.
JESSE JACKSON: PUNISHING CHEATING BLACK LITTLE LEAGUE TEAM IS RACIST!
U. of Tulsa Suspends Student for Someone Else's Facebook Post
Arizona woman caught hoarding, freezing, and eating cats... For the fourth time.
Vice President Biden Gives Shout Out to "Old Butt Buddy"
A 43-foot yacht blocked traffic in Downtown Boston
Boy's Penis Stitched Back After Donkey Bite
17-yr-old has penis reduction surgery because it is "too large."
Hip, Young Person Desperately Wants To Make Glendale Happen
State lawmaker, scared of glow-in-the-dark human-jellyfish creatures, pushes bill to curb hybrid embryos
Mars One Mission: Bold Step Forward for Humanity or Shameless Publicicity Stunt?
Malcolm Brenner: 'Sex with dolphin was like making love to the ocean'
Teacher with fear of kids loses her disability case
A Chat with Malcolm Brenner, Man Famous for Having Sex with a Dolphin
Man speaks out about romantic, sexual love affair with dolphin
Bear rescued from ice cream shop cage after 16 years
Joe Biden Asks Where His 'Old Butt Buddy' Is During Iowa Speech
Joni Mitchell Says She Feels An Affinity With Black Men Because She's "Experienced Being A Black Guy On Several Occasions"
Eagles Unsure How Riley Cooper Got Black History Month On Team Calendar
Zoo Security Drills: When Animals Escape
Minor league baseball team to host "Brian Williams Night"....
Japanese misanthropes march against 'passion capitalism' of Valentine's Day
Teenager Throws Fry At Woman, Woman Attacks Teenager, Teenager Nearly Cries After Realizing His Mistake [Video]
Apple bans 'bonded servitude' for factory workers
Eagles unsure how Riley Cooper got on cover of the February calendar
Riley Cooper adorns Eagles calendar during Black History Month
Japanese revolutionaries plot to 'crush St Valentine's Day'
Harvard and M.I.T. Are Sued Over Failing to Caption Online Courses
School Bus Driver Fired, Takes Selfie Drinking Beer
Lonely Japanese Men Are Trying to Destroy the Valentine's Day 'Conspiracy'
Greece's "Grexit" is upon us
Pope Francis says choosing not to have children is 'selfish'
Chemical pollution is causing polar bear penises to break
Suspect in Chapel Hill killings described as troublemaker, obsessed with parking
Middle School Students Given 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Word Search Puzzles
Riley Cooper Is the Featured Athlete for Black History Month in Eagles Calendar
Students At A Pennsylvania Junior High School Were Given 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Word Search Puzzles
Police in Washington state fatally shoot man who threw rocks at them
Column: "A valentine for fossil fuels"
Former Korean Air Executive Gets One-Year Sentence in 'Nut Rage' Episode
Seattle family may lose house over barking dog
OBAMA ASKS CONGRESS TO AUTHORIZE WAR THAT'S ALREADY STARTED
Austrian prosecutor: Call to kill Jews is legal criticism of Israel
Doctor losing license for fingering patients' G-spots
Astronomers Discover New Planet That Really Makes Earth Look Like Shit
Star student, 23, wins $1.5m after car crash brain trauma turned her into an impulsive sex-mad dominatrix
Millionaire property developer James Brown whose nose collapsed due to cocaine addiction jailed for five years
Adults Should Not Be Drinking Milk
Montana state representative wants to outlaw yoga pants in public
FCC's Ajit Pai: By Making Sure The Internet Is Open And Free... It Will Inspire North Korea And Cuba To Censor
Belarus diplomat worries topless, mayo-throwing women could disrupt U.N
New Facebook Feature Allows a Personal Contact to Manage Your Profile After You Die
Study says super attractive men are selfish jerks.
Brian Williams Under Scrutiny for Claiming He Flew with Seal Team 6 (Seriously)
Protests in Bolivia as TV Network changes "The Simpsons" to a new time slot.
Forum on climate change postponed due to snow
California Authorities Crack Down on Cardboard Theft
Durban university student council issues call to expel Jewish students
This Is What Happens When You Pour Molten Aluminum Into A Fire Ant Hill
Biden Gives Heartfelt Hello to 'Old Butt Buddy' During Speech
FBI and Justice Department can't find their drone privacy reports
Men's Basketball Makes it Two Wins in a Row
Obama turns to BuzzFeed to sell Obamacare
Police fatally shot a man who was throwing rocks at them
Joe Biden asks where his 'old butt buddy' is during speech
Senator "Duped" Into Using Old Photos to Promote New War With Russia
Auction loser makes couple's life a misery
Legal Timber? Man pays speeding ticket with wood
Montana Republican wants to outlaw male nipples and yoga pants in public.
The gray wolf spotted near the Grand Canyon this autumn has already been killed by a hunter
Truck Driver Terminated For Writing "Jesus" In His Logbook As A Co-Driver
Riley Cooper featured for Black History Month in Eagles' official calendar
"Let us beat the world in fruit farming" and other new North Korean slogans
LA Supermarket In Trouble for Selling Whole Frozen Raccoons
Conservatives celebrate death of ISIS hostage Kayla Mueller, aid worker and 'anti-Israel b*tch'
PSG's Zlatan Ibrahimovic suggests statue of himself can replace Eiffel Tower
London Firefighters: Please Don't Get Stuck in Handcuffs After Seeing Fifty Shades of Grey
Obama to Announce Executive Action on Cybersecurity
Colorado May Pay Residents Over Excess Marijuana Revenue
These 4 kids are in so much trouble when their parents see this video - Teens damage security camera... way too late
Black German shocked to learn grandfather was top Nazi
Royal commission into child abuse: Gay people can be 'cured by therapy' like paedophiles, rabbi says
Comcast Accidentally Receives Customer's Rent Check, Cashes It Anyway
In Iowa, Joe Biden Gives A Shout Out To "An Old Butt Buddy"
The League of the South Honors John Wilkes Booth
Bolivian Fans Stage Mass Protest Over The Simpsons Time Slot Change
Guns no longer okay in Apple App Store screenshots
Latex Glove in Schools, Swear Town New Brunswick
Scientists in US are urged to contact aliens
North Korea wants to become "a country of mushrooms"
Nintendo's "New" 3DS XL Doesn't Come w/ a Charger to "Save You Money"
Why Smart People Are Stupid
Lakers Forward Nick Young Tells Story Of How Dolphin Once Tried To Kill Him
Two drunks tossed into garbage truck after falling asleep inside Wawa dumpster in Florida: police
New Chinese Trend: Female Armpit Hair Selfies
China official wants to force couples to have second child
ISIS Beheads Cigarette Smokers: Islamic State Deems Smoking 'Slow Suicide' Under Sharia Law
Priest to stand trial for allegedly trying to help mobster recover Liberace violin
Parents Told Valentine's Day Cards, Candy May Not Be Distributed At Preschool In Apple Valley
Dominatrix, Anti-Violence Groups Plan '50 Shades' Protests
Nobody escapes U.S. taxes - even astronauts
Author Sono calls for racial segregation in op-ed piece (x-post /r/japan)
Hardcore Singer Accidentally Swallows Microphone
Kanye West To Spend One Billion Dollars On Awards Show To Compete With Upcoming Oscars
Angry Russian Woman Sends Her Regards by Smashing Up Ex-Husband's Car
Bolivians protest against new Simpsons timeslot.
Indonesia could lose the 2018 Asian Games because of Olympic logo copyright violation
China has made an internet censorship THEME SONG
LACK OF SNOW ON HOUSE LEADS TO DRUG BUST IN THE NETHERLANDS
'Fifty Shades of Grey' Won't Include Infamous Tampon Scene
Korean Air executive jailed over 'nut rage' incident.
'Fifty Shades of Grey' Turns Women Into Porn Users, Study Says
USF surgeon performs penis reduction surgery
Friday 13th: Scotland's strangest old superstitions
Girl With The Most Aggressive Tinder Profile Ever Loses Her Goddamn Mind After A Jewish Guy Dares To Text Her
Republicans, Democrats Agree On Tax Issue; Winter Storm Warning Issued For Hell
NFL kicker challenges Tiger Woods to play for $100,000 a hole
BBC host Nolan's erection revelation live on air stuns audience
Bus Driver Helps Naked Man Escape From Blaze
Brians 'outraged' by Brian the police horse name change plan
Ginsburg: 'I Wasn't 100 Percent Sober' For State Of The Union Address
YouTube turns 10: how the platform created a 'dirty, democratic place' for brands
Decoding North Korea's fish and mushroom slogans
New bill: No more porn at federal agencies
Hip Pope declares couples who don't want kids 'selfish,' says they are part of a 'greedy generation'
CHRISTIAN GROUP CLAIMS DINOSAURS ARE A LIE, WANTS THEM EXTINCT FROM SCHOOLS - x-post from r/news
Bigamist jailed after wedding photos posted on Facebook
Justice Ginsburg: 'I wasn't 100% sober at State of the Union'
Toddler's Reaction to Meth Mistaken for Scorpion Sting
Dinosaurs May Have Been Tripping on Hallucinogens
Valentine's Day is an ugly business - meet the ugly men trying to stop it
Bristol bigamist jailed after wedding photos appear on Facebook
Violent mob of topless pro-abort feminists attacks praying men defending cathedral
Speedo selfie leads to appointees removal from unpaid position.
Florida 'zombie cat' hit with custody motion
Colorado florists offer pot-themed Valentine's Day bouquets
Energy Drinks May Drive Kids to Distraction
Woman 'welded' into business unit
Christian group says dinosaurs didn't exist and should not be taught to children in school.
Taliban urge Pakistanis to stop praising rival cricket team player
Toppled Thai PM 'can't eat noodles' without our say: junta chief
Man rapes woman, then asks her on a date
Married And Don't Want Kids? Pope Francis Says You're Selfish
Ruth Bader Ginsburg Admits She Wasn't '100 Percent Sober' During State Of The Union
All five residents of a West Virginia town voted to ban LGBT discrimination
US official: US was surprised by collapse of Yemen govt
'Notorious' Ruth Bader Ginsburg 'Wasn't 100 Percent Sober' at State of the Union
Ruth Bader Ginsburg: I wasn't '100 percent sober' at SOTU
Some parents say vaccines violate their anti-abortion beliefs
'Fifty Shades of Ouch' as firefighters brace for more emergencies
Obama: Iran Won't Pursue Nuclear Weapons Because It's 'Contrary to Their Faith'
Kansas Man With Murder Tattoo Convicted Of Murder
Montana lawmaker moves to classify yoga pants as 'indecent exposure'
Poll: Americans Like Free Markets More than Capitalism and Socialism More Than a Government-Managed Economy
Owner of torched 'One Bad Chad' Cancer Awareness Truck Promises Bigger, Pinker Truck
Apple Promotes Strange New Game Type In iOS App Store, 'Pay Once And Play'
Forever 21 at MainPlace Mall Rides the Rice Paddy Hat-Wearing Mannequin Trend
Christmas parcel arrives two months late after posties sent it to Cambodia instead of Cambridge
Piers Morgan Freaks Out After President Obama Points Finger Like A Gun
Millennials Are Eating Ungodly Amounts of Nacho Cheese and Slurpees
Loblaws male cashier files grievance over pigtail ban
Easton woman allegedly assaults boyfriend when he won't take her to get ice cream
Norway: Feminists to protest Fifty Shades opening
[Supreme Court Justice] Ginsburg wasn't '100 percent sober' during State of the Union
Resident confronts Tinley snowplow driver with karate, police say
Harry Potter monks in deep trouble
Ryanair flight diverted after drunk man strips and flexes his muscles
Scientists in US are urged to seek contact with aliens
Driver Leaves Prosthetic Arm Behind While Fleeing from DWI Crash
Unicorns Inspired The World's First Fair Trade Condoms
Phuket: Maggots in Soup Declared 'Waiter's Revenge'
Gamblers ordered to return $1.5 million in casino winnings because the cards weren't shuffled
New York City breaks 'modern' record with no murders in 11 days
Man Caught on Camera Stealing Surveillance Cameras
Joe Biden: Where's my 'old butt buddy'?
Well, Well, looks like one of the so-called "innocent" Muslim students who was gunned down had some very pro-Islamic terrorism leanings himself
Ruth Bader Ginsburg: I wasn't "100 percent sober" during State of the Union
Ruth Bader Ginsburg: I 'wasn't 100% Sober' During State of the Union
Irate Christian parent: 'I am getting sick and tired of dinosaurs being forced on our children'
Japanese Sex Hotels Cater to All Kinds of Fetishes, Even Hello Kitty S&M
New York cop killer denied premium TV in prison, doomed to watch 'Friends' reruns on basic cable forever
Biden wonders about butt buddy
Teen Killed on Street Month After Making Anti-Violence Video
WhiteHouse.gov screwed up its security on the same day as the cybersecurity summit
If It's a Furby and a Wookiee, It Must Be a Furbacca
Stranger's Kidney Donation Leads To Marriage
You See A Pit Bull In Fuzzy Pajamas, We See Big Changes For The Breed
One of the world's largest airlines makes its flight attendants ask permission before getting married: Female flight attendants can only be hired by Qatar Airways if they're single. If they want to marry, they have to ask the airline's permission.
Biden searches for his 'old butt buddy' in Iowa
STDs Increasing Among Thai Teen Boys Because They're Too Embarrassed To Buy The Right-Sized Condoms
Ruth Bader Ginsburg Admits She Wasn't '100 Percent Sober' When She Dozed Off at the State of the Union
BILL TO BAN YOGA PANTS SHOT DOWN IN MONTANA
The World's Richest Woman is suing a TV network under Consumer Law because professional paid-actors are deceptive if they portray real people.
Woman pleads guilty to setting fire because boyfriend smoked all the pot
Here's a chance to buy 5 acres in Hell
Indian Censor Board circulates a list of cuss words not to be used in films. "We have to protect our culture" says the censor board chief
Nissan's Twitter account gets hacked by lovestruck Mexican trying to find his Valentine
CHRISTIAN GROUP CLAIMS DINOSAURS ARE A LIE, WANTS THEM EXTINCT FROM SCHOOLS
Forecast blizzard cancels New Hampshire ice carnival
Reporters vs. ice, wind, and...boat?
Students caught by principal selling marijuana cookies at school
White supremacists want to carve out a white-only nation in Namibia
White House Website Has a Security Issue While Obama Speaks at a Cybersecurity Summit
Meet the Ugly Men Trying to Stop "Oppressive Chocolate Capitalists" Behind Valentine's Day
John Podesta's top regret on leaving the White House is he didn't reveal the truth about UFOs
Man says he has sex with dolphins and "independent" dogs.
SnapChat, the new way to Bully -
Lonely Koreans Eating Frozen Dinners Causes Rethink on Inflation
Wyoming House passes firing squads execution bill:
Supreme Court Justice Ginsburg "wasn't 100 percent sober" at State of Union
The Marines Are Building Robotic War Balls
John Oliver Called "Oxymoron" With "Little Nuts" By Ecuador's President
Portage man loses 180 pounds the old-fashioned way: through diet and exercise
Cruz: "I'm Ok With Gay Marriage, As Long As It's Between A Gay And A Lesbian"
Sex Theme Park With Giant Penis Rides Opens In Taiwan | MrHairyBrit
Atlanta detectives on hunt for $10K Victoria's Secret panty thief
There's A Haunted MacBook For Sale On eBay, In Case You're In The Market For One
juveniles charged with running child porn Instagram account
ISIL Fights Tobacco, Cannabis Addiction by Beheading Smokers
New York Police Department: It's too cold for homicide
CA Store Stops Selling Frozen Raccoons After Health Department Visit
Woman grows a potato in her vagina as a means of birth control
UC Berkeley law student, porn star talks balancing school and work
Meet the man making chocolate farts
5% of the Population of Clayton, OK Arrested by OBN in Large Drug Ring Bust.
Ray Rice eyes next NFL job with apologetic "Dear Baltimore" letter
MMA Fighter Appears to Hadouken Opponent Before Pummeling Him
Ethics Commission: Sex between lobbyists, officials isn't reportable
Australia's highest court to hear appeal case of dog on death row
Mom finds $800 worth of marijuana in Angry Birds toy
Comcast improperly cashes woman's rent check
Outrage as Shirley MacLaine asks if Holocaust victims were paying for sins in past lives
Professor Eric Posner says college students are infants and should not have freedom of speech or sex.
The best Cubs hype video yet
Town split on whether name has apostrophe
Target surprise: Marijuana found in Angry Birds toy box
Brian Williams May Have Lied About Meeting the Pope, Watching Berlin Wall Come Down
Man Charged with Having Sex With Corpse in Georgia Mortuary
This Valentine's Day, I'm Loving The Boyfriend I Built For Myself
GOP Congressman Mixes Up Boko Haram And Boca Raton
Ruth Bader Ginsburg: "I Wasn't 100 Percent Sober" During SOTU Address
Congressman Says We Don't Need Education Funding Because 'Socrates Trained Plato On A Rock'
Comcast cashes elderly woman's rent check, offers credit in return
China, Russia & North Korea to create international tourist zone
Dinosaurs Were Probably Tripping on Hallucinogens Most of the Time
Homeless Man Had Sex With Corpse In Funeral Home
Skyway linked to new Vikings stadium also will imperil birds, activists say
Emergency Crews Ready for 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Calls
Framingham man faces assault with bagel charge
South Carolina Inmate Receives 37 Years In Solitary Confinement For Updating Facebook
Ruth Bader Ginsburg: 'I wasn't 100% sober' at State of the Union address
Russia to offer tour guided "extreme vacations" through warn torn Ukraine on armoured vehicles
Officials in Missouri are SUING THEIR OWN RESIDENTS for Voting Against Red Light Cameras
Hat-stealing owl prompts Oregon warning signs
Pizza Hut in Australia introduces new Vegemite stuffed crust pizza.
No terror attack during Obama's India trip: US warns Pak
SUV catapults 60 feet off bridge, lands upright; 2 inside OK
Suspicious Banana-Like Object Determined Not To Be A Threat
NFL's Riley Cooper -- Black History Month Selection was 'Honest Mistake' ... Eagles Say
Ruth Bader Ginsburg: "I Was Not 100 Percent Sober" at the State of the Union
Justice Ginsburg "not 100% sober" during State of the Union Address
"Christians Against Dinosaurs": Parents Want Dino Lies Out of Schools
APD officer suspended for accidentally shooting patrol car
NC Ethics Commission: Sex acts don't violate lobbyist gift ban.
Children evacuated from British hospital after fox falls through ceiling
The rise of the servant economy
孟庭葦 經典歌曲 Classic Songs of Mai
Occupy Houston assassination plot records won't be released
Adventure show host scales studio building, smashes through window for interview entrance
East Austin Piñata Store Owners: Store Demolished Without Our Knowledge
Islamic State tries to attack base where hundreds of US troops are stationed
Heartbroken woman spends an entire week in KFC after breakup
Jeb Bush posts SSNs of 12k Floridians
A Montana Lawmaker Wants To Make It Illegal To Wear Yoga Pants In Public
ISIS Group to be banned in India
Mejores Cunas balancin para bebe
Madonna 'Fifty Shades Of Grey': 'I Wasn't Turned On'
Prostitute said orgy was like 'antiquity'
Alien search won't doom planet Earth, say scientists who want to contact ET
Alabama Cop paralyzes Indian granddad with body slam
China has an official internet censorship song, and it just got censored
Indonesia's answer to twerking: Goyang Dribble
Man paralyzed after cop body-slams him for walking in wealthy white suburb.
I Failed Out of Mermaid School | VICE | United States
Nanna's frozen berries recalled over Hepatitis A link
Squamish councillor sets himself on fire, fulfilling campaign promise
NYC has been murder-free for a record 11 days
[DUTCH ARTICLE] Guy kidnaps and stabs girlfriend, 4 months later in court he ask for giveness and for her hand in marriage. Her answer: yes.
techmediapak | urdu video tutorials - computer tutorials
Think tank publishes report on tanks that think
Philadelphia Eagles Calendar Features Racist Player For Black History Month
Butter on the Latch 2013 DVDRip Watch Movie Online | Watch movie online or download Hollywood Bollywood Hindi Tamil Telugu Hindi Dubbed Dual Audio
Bon Jovi performs intimate set in Kenneth Cole store
Actress considered too fat to be f@#kable in new film, says man
Horse called Brian to be renamed to something more 'God' like
Med Student makes Yogurt using her own Vaginal bacteria
Stolen Virginia Beach credit card used on three dating websites
Oregon's got owl problem, and they're warning people about it.
Black People's Grand Jury indicts Darren Wilson for 1st degree murder of Mike Brown
It's Too Cold To Protest Global Warming At Yale
Man faces assault with bagel charge
Myth: Soda Causes Childhood Obesity
Park installs Rachel Maddow-designed owl warning signs
West Virginia Coach Bob Huggins Demands To Know Who Peed On His House
Dog protects baby from abusive babysitter and alerts the parents
New York City goes 11 days without a homicide -- a modern record
Watch Valentine's Day lovers steal kiss while ROBBING jewellery store
Four Shot, One Killed in Copenhagen During Debate on Whether Islam Inspires Violence
Arcade Fire's Win Butler Wins NBA All-Star Celebrity Game While Wearing Yeezy Shoes
Multicolored Snow in Russia? No Worries, Officials Say
Montana republican wants to expand indecent exposure law to include male nipples
Montana lawmaker wants to expand indecent exposure law to include male nipples
Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams has revealed that he likes to trampoline naked with his dog
Sarah Palin's Message Of Love To American Oil And Gas - Says Palin: If oil development puts an Alaskan caribou in danger, it "should take one for the team."
Ohio school bus driver fired after posting beer-guzzling selfie behind the wheel
Staff of the Cyberspace Administration of China sang an anthem in honor of strict online controls - the song was deleted, probably by China's censorship
Why are male callers jamming a lesbian helpline in India?
Sex toy an international success story for Ottawa couple
Fox Host: Obama Says 'YOLO' But Hostage Kayla Mueller Is Dead
Dr. J: Players can't live up to mascots
Barack Obama uses a selfie stick to promote healthcare.gov in Buzzfeed video
'Frozen' at TD Garden postponed Sunday due to blizzard threat
Police Fire Over 600 Rounds Into Vehicle, Killing Innocent Woman
"During the two weeks before the Super Bowl...the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria was the subject of only seventy-nine articles in The New York Times. "Deflate-gate" was the subject of eighty"
Every move they make, every step they take. We'll be watching our foreign adversaries. #HappyValentinesDay from the #NSA #vday2015
US Justice Ginsburg admits she was not sober during speech
School Bus Camera Captures Driver Walking Off the Job
College students turn to 'sugar daddies' to pay tuition, expenses
Man Who Broke Into Funeral Home And Had Sex With Corpse's Body Is Arrested
Apple Introduces Pay Once And Play Category
Local politician goes toe-to-toe with 'Deuce Bigalow' actor over proposed changes to vaccination law.
Johnny Depp, Alice Cooper, Joe Perry Form Hollywood Vampires Supergroup
Wild Boar Causes Flight Delays at Spain's Main Airport
Sarah Palin's Message Of Love To American Oil And Gas
Majestic 12 calls in Hazmat, pressure washer truck after Fifty Shades of Grey opening day
Black Author Discovers Her Grandfather Was Nazi Villain of Schindler's List
Drug charges dismissed; it was vitamins
Canada confirms new case of mad cow disease, cattle prices rise
Mutant pig with human face and PENIS on its forehead' draws crowds. (graphic content)
Drug charges dismissed; it was really vitamins
Gerry Adams trampolines naked with his dog
Pilbara police to begin manually locking unsecure cars after spate of thefts
Online Service Creates Fake Girlfriend/Boyfriend That Can Text You
Revolutionary Alliance of Men that Women find Unattractive storms Shibuya to protest 'blood-soaked conspiracy of Valentine's Day'
Live Newark: Valentine's Day Land Sale
Utah one step closer to resurrecting firing squad
New Kim Jong Un golf game makes it impossible to get anything but a hole in one.
Woman loses half of her house to neighbor
Pair spent 2 days in closet at Florida college
Moron Drug Dealer leaves drugs on the train, goes to lost and found to collect it.
Man Sues Airline After Flying to Grenada Instead of Granada
Minecraft Being Investigated By Turkish Government
Hope and change, the Hebrew edition
Amanda Holden Denies Dressing Up Her Daughter As Julia Roberts' 'Pretty Women' Prostitute, Insisting She Was Actually Cyndi Crawford
Utah House votes to resurrect firing squads
Distant species produce 'love child' fern after 60-million-year breakup
Obama adviser: 'Truth still out there' about UFOs
Free Keene Activists Protest City Snow Plows
State Sen. Thomas Croci wants terrorist registry to track where offenders live in New York
Irish man pleads guilty to stealing empty beer kegs
Wild boar breaks through perimeter fence at Madrid's Barajas airport, causes flight delays
Obama adviser John Podesta's biggest regret: Keeping America in dark about UFOs
A lesson in angry cooking: Not your grandmother's recipe.
So That Happened: Obama Asks Congress If It's Okay That He Started Fighting ISIS
Mississippi House Passes 'Jesus Take the Wheel Act;' Some Call It Potentially Dangerous
Man, Age 109, Knits Sweaters for Penguins
Leaving buggies behind, Amish snowbirds flock to Florida for winter
Homeless man accused of breaking into funeral home, having sex with corpse
Hat-Stealing Attack Owl In Oregon Officially Named 'Owlcapone'
Horse called Brian could keep name after public outcry
State Senator wants terrorist registry to track where offenders live in New York
Arizona teen gets locked out of house, gets stuck in chimney
Mum who had throat cut by brutal ex faces JAIL if she refuses to write to him in prison
Turkey rallies over murder of woman who 'resisted rape'
Valentine's Day goes to the dogs in Peru
Man posed as his fictitious blind twin brother in bid to get out of tickets
Boy targeted for Nike Huarache trainers as gang leave teen with broken ribs
Man arrested during final table at poker tournament, still wins $80,000
Rand Paul tries to troll Hillary Clinton through fake Pinterest account
People sign up on Reddit to learn dating tips
Revolutionary Alliance of Men that Women find Unattractive storms Tokyo to protest 'blood-soaked conspiracy of Valentine's Day'
Marijuana use could explain excessive daytime sleepiness in some teens
Laureen Harper heralds hype of 'Fifty Shades of Grey' to urge adopting cats
New study claims that drummers are more intelligent than everyone
Kim Jong Un and Vladimir Putin are becoming BFFs
No charges for MA woman who threw uncooked bacon into police station
Obama Depicted as Rape Suspect in Fox 5 News Graphic Error
Fox 5 TV Confirms Obama Not Being Charged for Sex Offences
Kicking and screaming: Minnesota dance teams all walk when winning team 'cheats'
Japanese zoo uses staff in leopard suit to simulate escaping animals.
Pakistani cricket fans collectively smash TV sets after being decimated by India
PETA Hires Lobbyist to Squash Bill That Would Restrain Their Pet Killing
Worlds oldest man knits sweaters for penguins
Yeti Digs Out Boston's Buried Cars; City Opens Snow Farms
This Christian Parent Wants to Make Dinosaurs Extinct - Again
Stranger Who Lured Little Girls With Candy Said He 'Just Wanted Some P****,' Police Say
Indian Army Tracked Jupiter for 2 months, Thought it was a Chinese Spy Drone
Arkansas Passes Ban on Discrimination Bans
Arlington Principal Retires After Slavery Lesson
Starbucks Debuts Coconut Milk That Isn't Coconut Milk
'16 and Pregnant' MTV star arrested in prostitution sting
37 Year Old Female and 21 Year Old Male Have Sex on The Sidewalk in Front of Minors on Valentine's Day
Scorpion stings woman on plane
Hawaiian Independence Movement Attracts Chinese Interest
Plane Carrying Oregon State Basketball Team Returns to LAX After Scorpion Stings Passenger
Man agreed to buy $12,600 worth of snakes, then shot dealer
Flashing lights lead to concerns about alien invasion
Cat found frozen to road in Old Chatham
Obama Not Antichrist, Newspaper Correction Notes
Omar El-Hussein, Copenhagen Terrorist, Freed from Jail 2 Weeks Before Attack
Drug billionaires - richest mobsters and gangsters in history
MLB battling WalletHub.com over the trademark... of the letter W.
Bring It On Comes To Life In Minnesota High School Dance Scandal
Robbers Wore Boxershorts On Their Heads: Cops
Obama aide John Podesta says 'biggest failure' was not securing the disclosure of UFO files
Peace officers hard at work
Mand and Woman Who Just Met Have Sex in Broad Daylight in Front of Chula Vista Shoppers
Man and Woman Who Just Met Have Sex in Broad Daylight in Front of Chula Vista Shoppers
Police: Robbers who used underwear as disguise arrested
Mutant Pig Born With Penis On Its Head, Human-Like Face
Raw Eggs and No Husband Since '38 Keep Her Young at 115
World's Richest Candy Maker and Nutella Founder Died on Valentine's Day
California carjacker thwarted by confusion over stick shift
Texas Senator Thinks The United Nations Is Trying To Conquer The Alamo
ustice Ginsburg: Not '100% sober' at State of the Union
Ruth Bader Ginsburg was 'not 100% sober' during the State of the Union
7-Year-Old Redesigns Sauce Label To Look Less Like It Contains Cat Poop
Police: Father charged with assault for throwing a bagel at his infant son
Cuddling convention offers platonic snuggles
Idaho woman arrested for trying to convert Jewish acquaintance to Jesus by beating her
Doctors say man who threw child off bridge incompetent
'Deuce Bigalow' actor leaves California lawmaker 'disturbing' message over new vaccine law
Oklahoma Boy Sends Valentine to Every Girl in School
Texas woman broke into husband's friend's home, sexually assaulted him: police
Jack White Posts Open Letter To Journalists In Response To "Guacgate"
Simpsons time change sparks mass protest in Bolivia
7News Boston on Twitter: "Walsh: "I don't know what to say to anybody anymore. Hopefully it will stop eventually." #BOSnow #7News"
Private Forestville lounge denied adult entertainment permit
kyle and Jackie O forced to dump interview with man who had sex with a dolphin.
Montana state Rep. David Moore introduces bill to ban yoga pants.
Police are looking for a 'hardened criminal'
Lawmaker opposes education funding because it would go to "Blacks" who get "Welfare Crazy Checks"
Report: Oscar Mayer Wienermobile slams into pole on West Shore
States Consider Increasing Taxes for the Poor and Cutting Them for the Affluent
Man and woman who just met have sex in broad daylight in front of shoppers in California
Scott Walker's High-School Science Teacher: 'Man Up'
Police hunt for man after he ejaculated on woman's back at St Kilda Festival
LG Electronics Executives Indicted in South Korea Over Damaged Samsung Washing Machines
California carjacker failed because he could not drive stick.
GOP lawmaker calls women "a lesser cut of meat"
California carjacker fails in his bad deed because he could not drive stick.
How Jon Stewart turned lies into comedy and brainwashed a generation
Donors wanted: your bodily waste could be a big earner
Man faked being his own twin brother to try and delay court hearings, New Jersey cops say
Hezbollah leader to supporters: Stop the celebratory gunfire
Terrell Suggs sues dead agent
Russia to USA: Tell the World About ETs Or We Will
Police issue arrest warrant for Punxsutawney Phil
Tony Abbott declares 'No More Mr Nice Guy'
One-star restaurant reviews show signs of trauma, linguists say
Northampton Town's John-Joe O'Toole sent off ... on John-Joe O'Toole Day
ISIS Bans Cell Phones: Islamic State Chops Off Women's Hands, Whips Men For Calling Their Relatives, Using Telephones
Chloe Grace Moretz Poses Topless On Her 18th Birthday
Politician Facing Investigation Tries To Destroy His Emails; Assistant 'Helps Out' By Emailing Order To Other Staffers
Funeral director jailed over fake deaths
Stoned drivers are a lot safer than drunk ones, new federal data show
olice chased tractor-trailer 34 miles, dodged thrown fridge
Police hunt for man after he ejaculated on woman's back at Music Festival
University of Michigan Spends $16,000 Telling Students Not to Say Offensive Words, Like "Crazy", "Retarded" or " "That's so gay".
Gerry Adams says he likes to trampoline naked with his dog and it's getting a lot of attention
Japan PM urged to embrace apartheid for foreign workers
Why boobs are massive on the red carpet in 2015
Teen has surgery to reduce penis size
Slot machine saves gambler from prison
Crusade on condom use fires blanks
Teen Mom's Gary Shirley Releases Condom Line Ahead of the Birth of His Second Daughter: See Them Now!
This Condom Holder Is Perfect for Virgins Who Love Menswear
SC Inmate Receives 37 Years In Solitary Confinement For Posting Facebook Status Update
How weird is the new 'Star Wars' lightsaber? A Jedi and a Sith debate
Toilet rebate program reduces drain on water supply
Toddler's head stuck in toilet seat in Devon
Toilet still frozen at Nain airport
Fox 5 news in San Diego labels President Obama as a possible suspect in a rape.
Katy Perry Super Bowl dancer used shark role as a Tinder chat up line
Pooping May Return to Normal Says Redway Community Services District
Brooklyn Man Takes Big Ol' Dump Outside Supermarket
Man loses drink-driving appeal after drinking gin as painkiller for chainsaw injury and driving to hospital
Australia FM uses angry face to describe Putin in emoji interview
Can you hypnotise yourself thin with a £4.99 app? Paul McKenna says yes, but doctors claim it's simply misleading and a 'gimmick'
Woman Stung by Scorpion on Alaska Airlines Flight
Frozen berries recalled after eight cases of hepatitis A linked to products
No Bologna! Oscar Mayer Wienermobile Crashes Near Harrisburg
Hundreds of teens storm Ocoee theater
The beauty of flower will live ever and forever
Game of Thrones Monopoly announced
Thai officials tell teens to buy smaller condoms
Threesome gay wedding becomes talk of the town
Mother forced to write to the monster who beat her and slit her throat in front of their children.
British tank crashes into family garden
State senator wants terrorist registry
Is it cruel to kick a robot dog? Google video of worker trying to knock over machine ignites debate
Man run over by truck 'driven' by his dog
Neighbours report ISIS flag raised on roof of private residence in Malta which turns out to be a Jolly Roger pirate flag.
$10,000 Ethernet Cable Claims Earth-Shattering Advancement In Audio Fidelity, If You're Stupid Enough To Buy It
'The Walking Dead' Under Fire For Killing Off A Black Character During Black History Month
Putin Visit to Hungary Shows He Still Has Friends in Europe
Scorpion Rampage Causes Flight Delay
Cops: Man Invents Fake, Blind Twin to Avoid Tickets
Police: Man arrested with weed in his butt, crack in his mouth
What happens when a giant hot dog on wheels slams into a pole?
Couple Announces Breakup With Photoshoot
New Hampshire resort offers asylum to Punxsutawney Phil
Investor: Putin could be world's richest man with stolen $200B fortune
No Bologna! The Oscar Mayer Wienermobile Crashes into a pole
Vladimir Putin could be world's richest person with stolen $257B fortune, investor claims
Doh! Burglar breaks into house, checks Facebook, forgets to log out, gets caught. Read more: http://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/burglar-caught-after-facebook-mishap/#ixzz3RvVvAO3q Follow us: @digitaltrends on Twitter | digitaltrendsftw on Facebook
Doh! Burglar breaks into house, checks Facebook, forgets to log out, gets caught.
Victim told to write to vicious attacker or face jail herself
Google works on digital deodorant
SWAT Team Raids Gamers Home During Twitch Stream
See Inside Kim Jong Un's Remodeled Air Force One
Women held after man allegedly attacked at 50 Shades screening
Newspaper confirms Obama not the Antichrist
Middle school kids given 50 shades of gray puzzles
Delta Plane Makes Emergency Landing After Pilot Locked Out of Cockpit
(@Voir) Psg Chelsea Match EN DIRECT Streaming
Washington Monument shrinks slightly with new measurement
Former Obama aide Podesta regrets not disclosing UFO files
Can Russia control the weather? Climate researcher says CIA fears hostile nations are triggering floods and droughts
The rich own our democracy, new evidence suggests
Winged beast descends from heavens to trash Missouri man's bedroom
Robin Williams' porn double to star in film about comedian's suicide
Fictitious Presidents Celebrate Presidents' Day Together
Saudi cleric rejects that Earth revolves around the Sun
Washington Monument Experiences Shrinkage After Original Surveyors Measured From Different Base
Man jailed for months for possession of drugs, lab tests later reveal they were vitamins
Did a man take mom to the bank when she was already Dead?
Indian woman marries her alleged rapist
Man and woman who just met have sex in front of shoppers
Scorpion stings Alaska Airlines passenger, delaying flight
Clean-cut high school girl who turned into murderous, Columbine-obsessed goth and 'plotted a mall massacre with her Nazi friends'
Reckless Russian Jumps 9-Story Building With Pants on Fire (Video)
Student banned from campus housing because he reminded another student of a man who raped her.
Wienermobile loses control, smacks into pole in Enola
'Mr Nutella' Michele Ferrero dead aged 89. Oh God, What's NEXT????
David Axelrod: Obama thought 'Yes we can' was 'corny'
Valentine's Day gift swap ends with man stabbed in chest as children watch in horror
Wealthy murder victim 'was fed marmalade.
HGTC apologizes for M&Ms labeled "Happy Pills" given to children
Martin Luther Playmobil Toy is Fastest-Selling of All Time
Penguins can't taste ice cream, so says science
ONE reason why these Utah girls were turned away from Valentine's Day dance.
Man injured riding mechanical bull sues country western bar.
LG president indicted for allegedly damaging Samsung washing machines
For Musician Jack White, Any Old Guacamole Just Won't Do
17-year-old boy shot, killed during Russian roulette game
Dems seek relief from healthcare penalties...
Women flock to rent a boyfriend for Chinese New Year
Christians dismayed that Seahawks' Russell Wilson saw and enjoyed '50 Shades of Grey'
16 African Countries Have 'Overtaken The U.S.' In Measles Vaccination Rate
Arkansas Pregnant Woman Is Pregnant Again
Your Samsung SmartTV Is Spying on You, Basically
The Chinese Censorship Agency has its own rousing anthem. Here's a choir singing it.
Marijuana use is associated with excessive daytime sleepiness in adolescents
Ithaca: Visit Florida Keys instead because of 'ridiculously stupid winter'
China's Censorship Agency Sings Anthem About the Joys of Censoring the Internet
Police on the hunt for a man who ejaculated on a woman's back at a music festival
Ecuadorians leap to clown's defence after John Oliver skit
Has anyone tried ASOX9? is it legit?
New Jersey Arrests 72 Year Old For Antique Flintlock Pistol Possession ~ Video
Ukraine Truce 'Broken 139 Times' On First Day
On Internalized Racism: 4 Lessons I Learned as an Undercover Asian
New High-School Physics Curriculum Includes Lessons on White Privilege
Men Made Black Ice on NJ Road to Cover Up DWI Crash: Police
Arkansas state senator suggests US nuke allies in order to deal with ISIS threat
No Exit: Dementia Village Dwellers Live in Alternate Reality
Homeless man in Georgia breaks into funeral home for sex with corpse
Krispy Kreme Accidentally Advertises "KKK Wednesday"
While President Obama Talks Cyber Security, His Hotel's Computer System Fails
Exxon Mobil's CEO has filed a lawsuit to stop construction of a fracking operation near his home. [xpost /r/news]
Boca Raton or Boko Haram? Congressman gets the two mixed up during CNN appearance
Exxon Mobil CEO: No fracking near my backyard
Oscars 2015: Votes are actually cast by Hollywood house maids, Barry Norman claims
Interstellar's fake black holes are helping actual scientific research
An American Novelist Wrote a Book Entirely Out of GIFs
North Korea, "a country of mushrooms" with 310 new slogans
Stoned Drivers Safer Than Drunk Drivers, Claims Federal Study
GMO Spider Venom may be the next Viagra
Learner driver who stitched own chainsaw wound before drink driving to hospital loses appeal
South Africa Scolds Japanese Author for Endorsing Apartheid: Ayaka Sono's column praising the old racial segregation regime-and suggesting it as a model Japan should look at-provokes outrage and a response.
Pinata store owner surprised to find store bashed by demolition crew. No treats found in this deal.
New Jersey Man Used Fake Twin To Get Out Of Tickets
Man jailed over vitamins finally freed
Exxon CEO Joins Lawsuit Citing Fracking Concerns
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile Crashes Into Pole in Pennsylvania
Hackensack man pretends to be twin brother to get out of traffic tickets
Toddler's testimony has family questioning if he was a Chicago woman
Hubble Telescope spots smiley face in space
Woman stalks couple - posting fake ads for parties and sex services - after they outbid her on dream home
Christian group to schools: Stop filling kids' heads with dinosaurs
Mother smiles while killer's home burns
Australia should offer 'matehoods' in place of knighthoods, Liberal MP suggests
'Fifty Shades Of Grey' next to 'SpongeBob 2' at Drive-In Theater
Channel 5 Angers Family Of Robin Williams With Plans For Doc Starring Porn Actor Look-A-Like
หมึกเครื่องปริ้นดอทคอม จำหน่ายหมึกเลเซอร์มากกว่า 1,000 รายการ
Woman delivers in train toilet; baby falls on tracks, survives
Confused critics blast Latin motto plan
Saudi cleric claims Earth is stationary, does not revolve around Sun
Fifty Shades of Delay - commuters hit back with Twitter wit
Mum 'kills son, 10, to save him from embarrassment because his ears were too big
Smell of Russian Beetroot Soup Lures Man Into Ventilation Shaft
Valentine Day Marriage Proposal Reunites Couple 43 Years After Divorce
Baby born in India train toilet survives
10 Things that are less of a threat than they used to be
Racist vandals accidentally paint 'sacred' Swastika on Hindu temple
National Portrait Gallery in Canberra bans selfie sticks
Fake wedding couple jailed after groom had to ask his bride's name
'Fifty Shades of Grey' book in library found to contain traces of herpes, cocaine
Pioneer Press apologizes for calling Obama an 'assclown'
woman whose daughter was raped and murdered by a man gets his foreclosed home donated to her, which she then donates to the local fire department and sets on fire to help give them training in a rare real-life home situation they wouldn't have otherwise.
Armed robber's family outraged after he is shot while attempting an armed robbery. (X-post /r/videos)
'I put urine in my face cream. My skin was so soft'. Welcome to the UK's latest health trend
Inverness Mounties Nab Yet Another Fugitive Seal
Russell Wilson checks out "Fifty Shades of Grey", Receives Backlash
Man Uses First Class Ticket to Eat for Free at the Airport. For a Year.
Rajasthan: Woman delivers in train toilet; baby falls on tracks, survives
Brentwood couple braves snow, ice for Krispy Kreme
Family of oyster harvesters sentenced to prison for oyster trafficking
Ithaca, New York, tourism site: Don't come here, go to Florida
Guy thinks he's interviewing his hero, ends up interviewing tomato juice company
China's weather service blames inaccuracy on Russian ruble
Woman Unknowingly Drives Pounds of Pot Around in Van for Several Years
Armed Robber's Family Outraged After He Is Shot During His Crime
Jail mail soaked with drugs was a big 'hit' with inmates, feds say
Meet The Controversial Preacher Who Loves God And Showing Off Her Nipples
Arizona Teen Forgets Keys, Gets Stuck in Chimney
Police: Man refusing to pay escort led to standoff
Looking to bulk up? Breast milk is the latest trend in weightlifting
Google Gets Patent for Body Odor-Sensing Device
Student defends 'Donegal Tuesday', telling RTE broadcaster Joe Duffy: 'February is the designated drinking month'
Video: Annual St Leonards Toss Off
Finalists chosen for chance to die on Mars
N.J. dad arrested after son, 4, crashes car into building
British girl to miss fake eyelashes when she gets to Mars.
92 year old man hits 9 cars on way out of parking lot
Krispy Kreme store in UK withdraws 'KKK Wednesdays' Facebook ad
'Alex From Target' Quits Cashier Gig to Pursue Movies, Music and National Tour
Scott Laird's grandma gives him £1 for Preston v Man Utd goal
Arrigo Sacchi: 'I'm not racist ... but there are too many blacks in youth teams'
Official Russian government Sales and Auctions site just announced the Kremlin for sale, starting bid at 30 rubles.
British girl will miss fake eyelashes if she makes it to Mars.
Man dies after shooting outside wedding - Wedding continues anyway
Thailand To Give Chinese Tourists Etiquette Manuals
Diabetes Diagnosis for Jerry Douthett: Dog Ate Toe
Texas gives amnesty for cupcakes
North Korean dictator shows off his private plane, "Air Force Un"
Vandals paint swastikas on walls of Hindu temple in Washington. Swastikas are hindu religious symbols and belong on temple walls.
Australian court rules against chainsaw drink-driver
An Australian learner driver who stitched his own chainsaw wound and drank gin for the pain before driving to hospital has lost a Supreme Court appeal against a drink-driving charge.
Thief dumps vehicle after realizing he can't drive stick shift, police say
The Taliban Warns ISIS of Being Too Extreme
Florida Lawmaker: Fine or Jail Trans People for Using the 'Wrong' Bathroom
For unmarried, Chinese New Year brings dreaded parental nagging
Five Britons shortlisted for one-way trip to Mars.
'Islamic extremism' off limits at White House terrorism summit
Fearless Syrian Granny Leads Fight Against ISIL
Russell Wilson Disagrees With Aaron Rodgers, Says God Does Care About Football
Secretary of Defense Can't Defend His Wife From Joe Biden
Oklahoma Lawmakers Vote Overwhelmingly To Ban Advanced Placement U.S. History
Oklahoma legislative committee questions legality of Advanced Placement courses in public schools
Krispy Kreme's KKK Wednesday is the most racist way to enjoy doughnuts this half term
Krispy Kreme UK Apologizes for Advertising 'KKK Wednesdays' on Facebook
NY tourism website urges visitors to go to Florida instead
Boston Mayor asks people to stop jumping off their roof into the snow.
No citation for 92-year-old driver who hit 9 vehicles in Wisconsin
state department spokeswoman floats jobs as answer to isis
Gnome liberation movement strikes Boulder/ X-post Colorado
Should You Bring Your Unborn Baby to Work?
Jesus Take the Wheel: A New Mississippi Bill Would Allow Church-Owned Vehicles to be Driven By People Who Don't Have the Proper License
Chinese Tech Company Offers Night with Annual Porn Star as a Year bonus
S. Carolina Inmate Gets 37 Years Solitary Confinement For Facebook Selfies
Woman Who Threw Bacon At Police Station Mysteriously Disappears After Charges Dropped
Darwin teen spends weekend in prison, noone knows why
More than 1,000 teens exposed to measles at Christian concert billed as "a weekend that changes your child's life forever."
Gnome liberation movement strikes Boulder
Man listening to Nickelback for 168 hours for charity
1,000 teens exposed to measles at Christian event promising to "change your child's life forever."
Man Adopts Girlfriend: John Goodman's 'Daughter' Could Protect Assets In Wrongful Death Lawsuit
Stop jumping from windows into snow, Boston mayor says
Krispy Kreme Rethinks 'KKK' Promotion In The UK
Accused in Via plot considered triggering US volcano, court hears
Oklahoma Lawmakers Vote Overwhleming To Ban Advanced Placement History Class
Show-Winning Dog Semen Is a Bargain at $2,000
New SecDef Can't Even Defend His Wife From Joe Biden
4-year-old crashes car in New Jersey
Man is dressed up as Green Lantern for his wake
Rabbi accused of running divorce kidnap team heads to trial in N.J.
Man tries to blame drunk driving crash on black ice by pouring buckets of water in intersection hours later.
Krispy Kreme apologizes for 'KKK' doughnut club
Krispy Kreme Drops 'KKK Wednesdays' Name Over Ku Klux Klan Blunder
Tanzanian albino toddler seized in feared witchcraft attack
Call Guinness - We just found a suspect who may have the MOST arrests
Marty's chilly message to daredevils: Stop jumping out of windows! | Boston Herald
Mississippi Lawmaker: Blacks Don't Work And Get 'Crazy Welfare Checks'
A Man Was Allegedly Stabbed and Women Definitely Threw Up During a Screening of "Fifty Shades of Grey" in Scotland
Mars One mission: five Britons shortlisted for one-way trip to Red Planet - Telegraph
Bostonians Need To Quit Leaping Out Their Windows, Mayor Says
Man beats wife on wedding night after failing to get her dress off
Here's what really happened when Joe Biden whispered to the new Defense Secretary's wife
BLINK-182 CO-FOUNDER TOM DELONGE GOES DEEP ON UFOS, GOVERNMENT COVERUPS AND WHY ALIENS ARE BIGGER THAN JESUS ...
The Blink-182 Guitarist Says He's Had Contact With Aliens
'Anti-petroleum' movement a growing security threat to Canada, RCMP say
2015 Grammys Illuminati rumors emerge over devil horns, AC/DC, Lady Gaga, Kanye & Madonna
Prison For 72-Year-Old Man Who Had 300-Year-Old Antique Gun In New Jersey
Extreme pain from chainsaw wound is no excuse for drink driving, judge finds
Russian President Vladimir Putin says he expected fighting to continue in parts of eastern Ukraine despite the signing of a ceasefire deal.
Florida Passes Plan For Racially-Based Academic Goals
Mayor urges knucklehead Bostonians not to jump out of windows and into the snow
USF performs first penis reduction
Police: Man created black ice to mask drunken driving crash
Joe Biden Got a Little Too Close to the New Defense Secretary's Wife
GCHQ Will Have To Start Letting Everyone Know Whether Or Not They've Been Illegally Spied On
Ithaca, NY tourism office: Go to Florida instead
Bill's libido threatens to derail Hillary - again
UK Scientists: Aliens May Have Sent Space Seeds To Create Life On Earth
Groom unwell, bride weds guest in fit of rage
Britain's first small penis party to encourage positive body image for men
Feral pack of Fifty Shades Of Grey fans attack man in movie theater
Saudi Cleric Reveals The Sun Rotates Around The Earth
London to hold first ever small penis festival
Woman Involved in Bizarre Police Station "Bacon Throwing Incident" Now Missing, Police Say
New Episode of Law and Order: SVU Focuses on Otaku Culture
Escort agency using Richard III discovery to get new business
eBay-style online courts could resolve smaller claims
Blink-182's Tom DeLonge says he's made contact with aliens
Watch a 92-Year-Old Man Hit 9 Cars While Trying to Back Out of a Parking Spot
Dead mother loses custody fight to Australian ex-husband
Drive-In Showing 'Fifty Shades' Next to 'SpongeBob' Movie
UK Krispy Kreme store scrubs 'KKK Wednesday' promotion
Owner of killer bear chokes to death on sex toy
Guy Took My Spot ... So I Put the Snow Back
7 Siblings Who Haven't Left Their New York Apartment in 14 Years Learned about the World by Watching Movies
Nutella-Inspired Art is Weird and Occasionally Disgusting
Krispy Kreme Apologizes for "KKK Wednesday"
Patty Hearst: Billionaire media empire heiress, Symbionese Liberation Army gunwoman, championship dog breeder.
Ex-politician mistakes man for seal, rescues him from blizzard
Woman Legally Changes Her Name to Abcdefg Hijklmn Opqrst Uvwxyz, to add 'element of surprise' to bondage fettish identity.
Patty Hearst's dog wins at Westminster.
Oklahoma House Panel Votes To Eliminate AP US History Course - State Rep. Dan Fisher says the course eliminated the concept of "American exceptionalism."
Drive-In Movie Theater Shows Fifty Shades of Grey, Causes Traffic Jam
Krispy Kreme apologises for KKK named promotional event
Man Uses Airbnb To Rent Out Tent On Skid Row For $10
Chinese food safety officials drank so much during working lunch that one of them DIED
Oklahoma lawmakers vote to ban AP U.S. history
U.S. to Give Some Syria Rebels Ability to Call Airstrikes
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile crashes on snow-covered Pennsylvania roads
Girl believes slender man was going to kill her family
Jesse Klein: Relative Wealth
Oklahoma Joining Texas In Their Effort To Rewrite US History Course
Can Tiny Houses Help Fix Homelessness?
Via terror suspect pondered triggering Yellowstone volcano, court told
Joe Biden Needs a Tranquilizer Dart: Stephanie Carter Suffers the Veep's Paws
Oklahoma, Ranked 48th in Education, Votes to Ban AP History Classes
Phoenix man spends $6 on watch at Goodwill store, sells it for $35G
Vandals leave Swastika, words of anger on Hindu temple
Oklahoma bans AP U.S History claiming it "unpatriotic" by conservatives.
Carnegie Mellon tells 800 rejected applicants they're in
Drug-testing kits thrown from Mardi Gras float
Women laughing is moral corruption, Turkish PM says
Carnegie Mellon accidentally admits 800 students
Did you lose your cocaine at this Virginia Super Dollar?
This woman wants to make the dinosaurs extinct for good
Carnegie Mellon Mistakenly Admits 800 Students
Krispy Kreme Apologizes For 'KKK Wednesday' Promotion In UK
Oklahoma lawmaker seeks to do away with AP history courses, says they emphasize 'what is bad about America'
Krispy Kreme Apologizes for Unkool "KKK Wednesdays" Promotion
Comcast thinks it's Jony Ive, starts branding "Designed in Philadelphia" on its remotes
Cop Saves a Woman's Life After Choosing to Understand the Dog Instead of Shooting It
Tom DeLonge [blink 182] says he made contact with aliens, is in danger
Fruit fly discovered in Auckland
Oklahoma might ban AP tests. But why?
State Bill Outlaws Use Of Fetuses In Food Industry
Red Sox fans freaking out over Pablo Sandoval's weight, have apparently never seen a photo of Pablo Sandoval before
'Jesus Take the Wheel Act' passes House
Boston mayor urges residents to stop snow jumping from windows
Out-Of-State Dueling Law Could Disappear From Idaho Books
Girl stabs classmate because Slender Man told her to
Pinterest shuts down the fake Hillary Clinton account created by Senator Rand Paul
Raper named director of University Counseling Center
Joe Biden Gets A Bit Too Close To New Secretary Of Defense's Wife
Arrested Romanian ex-minister wants to wallpaper her cell
Air India pilot stuck at temple during Shivratri, delays flight by 3 hours
Wife seeks divorce over sexual fulfilment
Chainsaw-Injured, Gin-Swilling Australian Loses DUI Appeal
Pat Robertson: Satanic Covens Use Facebook To Curse Your Family
OBAMA TO GIVE JIHADISTS THE ABILITY TO ORDER AIRSTRIKES. "Rebels" who pledged allegiance to ISIS to control American bombers in Syria.
Medical alert necklace strangled senior: 'She didn't deserve to go this way'
Man gets fined for playing trumpet while driving.
CANCER STRICKEN PHILIPPINE SENATOR FILES BILL TO LEGALIZE THE MIDDLE FINGER
This legendary TV presenter (Jon Snow) got off his face on skunk and said it was 'worse than a war zone'
School mistakenly sends 800 acceptance letters to rejected applicants
Richard Dawkins to be featured in upcoming Nightwish album
Joe Biden caught 'snuggling' with Defense chief's wife
woman changes her name to abcdefg hijklmn opqrst uvwxyz
Wibech alleyways are public toilets says councillor
Scots Turned to Porn on Referendum Night
My boyfriend painted on me in front of strangers for Valentine's Day
Three Women Allegedly Attack Man for Shushing Them at Fifty Shades
Did CNN just annex Ukraine for Russia?
Taiwanese Nonprofit offers hand jobs to those severely disabled.
Dennis Rodman 'investigated for violating sanctions' against North Korea
Meet the woman who changed her name to 'Abcdefg Hijklmn Opqrst Uvwxyz', to add 'element of surprise' to bondage fetish identity.
Should we ditch bike helmets for the wind in our hair
ISIS fighters are desperately trying to obtain VIAGRA, spending money on kinky underwear for their 'wives'... then subjecting them to 'brutal, abnormal' sex acts according to doctors in Syria
Playmobil say Martin Luther is their fastest-selling toy
Indian baby boy survives fall onto train tracks after mother gives birth in toilet
Patent troll claims to own Bluetooth, scores $15.7M verdict against Samsung (X-post from /r/technology)
Hips Don't Lie: Meet the woman whose happy with 'world's largest' eight foot hips
Meet the woman who changed her name to 'Abcdefg Hijklmn Opqrst Uvwxyz'
The Groom Was Sick, So The Bride Married A Guest At Her Wedding In A Fit Of Rage
College Apologizes For Giving Kids 'Happy Pills': M&Ms In Prescription Bottles
ISIS might be harvesting organs, Iraqi ambassador tells UN, amid reports of more hostages being burned alive
Oklahoma Joining Texas In Their Effort To Rewrite US History
Jon Snow Takes Skunk And Says It's More Frightening Than Being In A War Zone
Want to know how tough your phone is? Test it against crabs and a lobster like Xiaomi
Priest Fired After Drawing Ash Penises On Parishioners Foreheads
Poll shows scientists believe most people know less about science than they do.
Jon Snow describes moment he got stoned on 'two huge balloons' of skunk - and 'terrifying' four-hour come down
Columbia University professor who teaches peacekeeping skills to cops, firefighters is charged with assaulting boyfriend
JON SNOW SAYS SMOKING 'SKUNK' WAS WORSE THAN ANY WAR ZONE
Dad Hires In-Game 'Assassins' To Discourage Son's Gaming Habit
Wanted criminal (19) arrested following 'catch me if you can' Facebook taunt
Iran and Russia still convinced America is controlled by aliens
So much of these... Really?!
Police: Fracas at 'Spongebob' movie involving 100 teens leads to fights, disorderly conduct
Police 'not sure' missing boy, 11, is in River Towy
Father Hires In-Game "Hitmen" To Deter Son From Playing
Police Enforce Sledding Ban on Capitol Hill Grounds
Dead Puerto Rican man dressed in Green Lantern costume for his wake
Troops tote broomsticks at Nato war games
Martin Luther toy becomes fastest selling Playmobil figurine of all time
Islanders fan: "My son was conceived back in that parking lot"
Palestinian Rappers Are Furious With Benjamin Netanyahu For Stealing Their Songs
Wisconsin Governor's office says: No records of Walker communication with deity
Gnome liberation hits Boulder.
Angry Indian bride marries guest at her wedding after groom-to-be has seizure
President Obama under fire after pointing fingers like a gun
Boston mayor urges people to stop jumping out of windows into snow
Angry Indian bride marries wedding guest
Education minister defends 'respectful' strip searches of students
At least four Marlboro Men have died of smoking-related diseases.
Doughnut store advertises KKK day
50 Shades of Grey to include scenes praising UAE leadership
CNN shares insight into ISIS's recruiting techniques ...
This is definitely how to evaluate boko haram and ISIS
Pat Robertson to 'abhorrent' moms: 'Covens' use your Facebook ultrasounds to curse 'unborn babies'
Ithaca, New York's Tourism Board Gives Up, Invites Visitors to Head to Florida Instead
For a Cleric From Saudi Arabia, Earth Does Not Spin. For Others, the Sun Rotates Around Earth
Cameras catch man punching himself in face in Oregon jail cell in bid to pin assault on cops
Oklahoma GOP wants to outlaw AP US History
Old Man Winter wanted for weather crimes by RCMP
Drug dealer got into police car by mistake
Woman who fatally shot herself in eye was adjusting her bra holster, St. Joseph police say
Boko Haram and ISIS might be racist?
Strip-searches allowed in Quebec high schools, education minister says
Dole's smart banana is the first fitness wearable you can eat
Indian bride marries a guest at her wedding after her groom-to-be had a seizure and collapsed.
Bill Introduced To Free Missouri Man Serving Life In Prison For Marijuana
A Man Is Going to Listen to 168 Hours of Nickelback for Charity
Judge says man must pay $30K in child support for kid who is not his
South Beach free-speech advocate, jailed for fatal DUI wreck, wants records sealed
California Man Who Claimed Police Brutality Caught On Video Punching Himself In Face In Oregon Jail (Video)
Saudi cleric declares the Earth has stopped
Krispy Kreme Hull drops 'KKK Wednesdays' name over Ku Klux Klan blunder
Police brutality accuser caught on camera punching own face
Relative Wealth: 250k Annually=Middle Class
Colombian teacher who likes to wear Nazi-themed bondage outfits changes her name to Abcdefg Hijklmn Opqrst Uvwxyz
AT&T is charging customers an extra $29 a month if they want to opt out of the company's "Internet Preferences" program, which tracks "the webpages you visit, the time you spend on each, the links or ads you see and follow, and the search terms you enter."
Guy Who Gets Paid to Say Obamacare Doesn't Work Can't Find a Single True Fact to Support His Case
ISIS morality police arrest a woman wearing full burkha because her eyes were too exposed
ISIS morality police arrest a woman for showing too much eye.
U. Mass. Will No Longer Admit Iranian Students to Graduate Schools of Engineering and Natural Sciences
Seattle Seahawks QB Russell Wilson receives Twitter backlash from his Christian followers after seeing "50 shades of Grey".
Police say Sparta pair created icy road condition to cover up a hit-and-run
East Hants municipality closes all sidewalks in community
Porn star Sasha Grey denies militant reports of her death as volunteer nurse in Ukraine
UMass has Banned Iranian Students from Engineering and Science Programs
Hong Kong leader tells people to be 'like sheep' after year of protests
Abducted Tanzanian albino boy found dead with limbs severed: police
State Supreme Court Justice Warns He May Abolish Marriage Entirely If Same-Sex Weddings Are Allowed
Scientists have found a way to see through opaque material using light
Woman first met her dad at 19... Then had sex with him
Mississippi Republican Rails Against "The Blacks", Insists He's Totally Not a Racist
Fifty Shades Of Grey: Cinema Slammed For 'Parent And Baby' Screening
Man gets mugged, becomes a genius
Boston mayor to residents: Stop jumping out of windows
Turkish lawyer asks government to give single men 30 Euro/week to visit prostitutes instead of raping and killing other woman
Name-row horse Brian fails police trial
St. Louis Punk Band Raising Money to Have Its Own Drummer Killed
Krispy Kreme's "KKK Wednesdays" promotion backfires, obviously
Oklahoma Bill Banning AP US History Would Make Students Study Ten Commandments, 3 Speeches By Reagan
Michigan Republican official fatally shoots self in eye while adjusting gun in her bra holster.
North Vancouver teacher disciplined for pretending to shoot students with fingers to get them to pay attention
Israel's Netanyahu spent $24,000 on takeout, and it's causing a scandal
Indiana man sets fire to Mosque after being 'riled up' by Fox News; doesn't know what Islam is
Krispy Kreme store inexplicably created a 'KKK Wednesday' children's event
Pensioner, 89, guilty of harassment after abusing neighbours and calling them 'scum' because their gardens weren't as neat as his
Krispy Kreme apologizes for "KKK Wednesdays" Promotion
Mississippi House passes 'Jesus Take the Wheel Act'
Munchies explained: Why pot makes you crave Doritos
Manga Version of Koran to Be Published in Japan
In Bid to Allow Guns on Campus, Weapons Are Linked to Fighting Sexual Assault
Russian Search Engine Yandex Sics Antitrust Agency On Google For Being Too Integrated With Android
Why Oklahoma Lawmakers Voted to Ban AP U.S. History
Woman Adjusting Gun in Bra Holster Fatally Shoots Herself in Eye
Utah woman can sue herself over fatal car accident, ruling says
Colorado theater accidentally shows 'Fifty Shades of Grey' to 'SpongeBob' audience
Little Caesars To Introduce Pizza Wrapped In 3.5 Feet Of Bacon
Chelsea condemn fans who pushed black man off Paris Métro
Saudi cleric tries to debunk Earth's rotation
Indian bride marries wedding guest after fiance has seizure mid-ceremony
Relatives Dress a Deceased Man as Green Lantern and Stand Him Up at His Wake Because He Was a Hero to Them
ISIS Fighters Hunt For Viagra As They Inflict 'Brutal And Abnormal' Sex Attacks On Women
Oklahoma House Panel Votes To Eliminate AP US History Course
VIAGRA & Kinky Using ISIS Militants
Maquoketa man says 3 men stole money, drugs and his pants
Little Caesars introduces bacon-wrapped pizza
Canadian man rescued after being mistaken for seal
Afroman arrested for punching fan
Handwriting expert: Alex Rodriguez 'writes like a girl'
89-year-old Grandpa smashes it on Tinder to help Grandson get laid
CNN Uncovers ISIS's Dastardly Scheme to Lure Western Women With Kittens and Nutella
Man gets caught by pants, another arrested
Oklahoma AP history class under fire for omitting 'American exceptionalism'
Quebec to review controversial strip searches of high school students
Vanilla Ice arrested for home burglary
AT&T charging customers $29 per month to keep browsing habits private
California man falsely claims detective assaulted him but gets caught on video punching himself
Mr. Butt will see you now......
Student Banned from Areas of Campus for Resembling Classmate's Rapist
The next marriage redefinition? Massachusetts lesbian 'throuple' expecting their first child
Elderly man's parking lot nightmare
Man beats up blind man for bumping into him
Afroman lands devastating punch on female fan's face and keeps playing.
Dash cam shows police striking suspect until cop turns off recording
Florida cops said they could smell weed in this guy's butthole
Man steals £2600 of Lego. Builds impenetrable Lego fortress to avoid arrest.
Tag-Team Protocol (Ultras only)
This Make-A-Wish Kid Couldn't Decide What He Wanted So They Slid Him Along A Deli Counter Like A Sandwich
Penis Reduction Surgery Performed On Teen With Phallus Measuring 10 Inches Around
Did you lose your cocaine at the Super Dollar? Police use Facebook in search for owner.
Former Dallas County employee misses out on dream to live on Mars
Strip-Searching Students Okay if it's 'Respectful,' Quebec Education Minister says
Fifty Shades of Grey vs James May: Which is Better?
Robert Van Winkle, AKA Vanilla Ice, Arrested in Residential Burglary: Police
Pat Robertson Says Demons Can Curse Your Unborn Child Through Facebook
Neil Young partners with streetwear line Supreme
Fark.com founder Drew Curtis announces bid for Kentucky governor
UK looking for Postmaster to run a post office in Antarctica
Tourism Board of Ithaca, New York, Tells Visitors to Head to Florida : People.com
911 calls: Friendless bomb threat caller says 'I f-ing hate this place'
Krispy Kreme Promotes 'KKK Wednesday' on Facebook
Minnesota newspaper calls President Obama an 'assclown,' apologizes
Cop Tries To Shoot Dog, Misses and Hits Police Sergeant Instead
Movie mix-up shows 'Fifty Shades of Grey' to 'SpongeBob' audience
How A 14-Year-Old Hacked A Car With $15 Worth Of Radio Shack Parts
Wingnut Lady Shoots Self Dead While Adjusting Boob-Gun
Krispy Kreme apologizes for 'KKK Wednesday' customer promo
Ohio High School Teacher Wins the 2014 'Top Teacher Award' - Then Gives a Mic-Dropping Resignation
'Restless' Fifty Shades cinema-goers angered by how long it takes to get to film's first sex scene
Moscow Tackles Corruption with comics
Naked Florida woman stops traffic, pleasures self, jumps on Lexus, gets arrested
Vanilla Ice charged with burglary in Florida
This guy bought a $35,000 watch for $6 at Goodwill.
Police Raid 90-Year Old Woman's Home Apparently By Accident
"In Bacon We Crust," Little Ceasers premieres a Bacon-Crusted pizza, made with 3.5 ft of bacon.
Witch doctors in Tanzania kill 1 year old albino boy to use limbs in spells
CNN: Islamic State uses Nutella and kittens to entice female recruits
Google's Driverless Cars Can Speed
Misogynist blogger: Make rape on private property legal so women can have 'learning experiences'
Harlan Co Issues APB for Queen Elsa.
Ice, Ice, bad boy...
Rap star Vanilla Ice is arrested, charged with burglary
Indian bride marries wedding guest after husband has epileptic seizure during ceremony
Cops: Woman set Chicago apartment fire because boyfriend smoked all the pot
New WiFi hotspots outstanding in their field
92-year-old slams into 9 cars in Piggly Wiggly parking lot
Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson to Receive Free-Speech Award
Maryland man plows snow on motorized toilet
Hong Kong's chief executive (known as "Wolf") urges HK people to "be like sheep"
MAN SELLS WATCH HE FOUND AT SECONDHAND STORE FOR $35,000
Australian driver fined for playing trumpet behind the wheel
Priests are observing Ash Wednesday by posting #ashtag selfies on social media
YouTube Blocks Game Of Thrones Trailer on Copyright Grounds
Education watch: Oklahoma Legislature votes to dumb down its kids
CrossFit bodybuilders drinking breast milk for protein.
Baker on commuter rail, T: 'I'm sort of done with excuses, OK?'
Boston Mayor to Residents: 'Stop Jumping Out Windows into Snow'
Slender Man notebooks presented as Wisconsin court ponders charges
How One Company Aims to Help Circumcised Men Grow Their Foreskin Back
ISIS Lures Women with Kittens, Nutella
GAYS NOW FORCE GOD TO UNLEASH RARE THUNDERSNOW BLIZZARD UPON AMERICA
Indian Bride Marries Wedding Guest After Groom Suffers Seizure During Ceremony
Bostonians Need To Quit Leaping Out Their Windows Into Snowbanks, Mayor Says
Pinterest deletes Rand Paul's mock Hillary Clinton page.
Woman Legally Changes Her Name to Abcdefg Hijklmn Opqrst Uvwxyz
NEW STUDY SHOWS STRONG LIKELIHOOD DINOSAURS WERE TRIPPING ON LSD
US Military spends $84m on impotence drugs
Woman Caught Pleasuring Herself In The Cinema During "50 Shades Of Grey"
Cops Stumped by Gender of Wig-wearing Bank Robber
Michigan Republican official fatally shoots self in eye while adjusting gun in bra holster
Man grilled by parents for not being married kidnaps woman as future wife
Infant starved to death; mom used breast milk for online porn, charged with murder; Sheriff
Parents involved in lactation porn are accused of starving baby to death
The 'Reddit exodus' is a perfect illustration of the state of free speech on the Web
Andrew Bolt's Latest Column Condemns Bias In The Media; The World Implodes From Irony
Michigan woman fatally shoots self while adjusting bra holster
Handwriting Expert Says A-Rod Writes Like a Girl, Has Huge Ego
In Last Gasp Attempt to Shake Corrupt Reputation, Holder Gives Prosecutors 90 Days to File Wall Street Collapse Charges
California man punches self in face, claims police brutality in attempt to secure release from jail
Hong Kong Chief Executive urges citizens to 'be like sheep' in Lunar New Year message
Commercial Rolling Door Repair San Bernardino Overhead service Installation
Biden's strange claim of knowing 'an awful lot' of Somali cab drivers in Delaware
Hong Kong's chief executive urges locals to "be like sheep"
Police say tractor "A-tractor" aimed at promoting rural crime prevention.
Teen Kills Classmate Then Takes 'Selfie' with the Dead Body
Woman accidentally kills self adjusting bra holster
Brazilian football club deploys fans' mothers to stop violence
Italian bank's almost risk-free cash-for-cheese loan | Hacker News
Indonesian Police ask public to help prevent the sale of kids clothes covered in pandas having sex
Police find 104 rabbits in Stuttgart flat
NY tourism site that urged visitors to go to Florida crashes
Pediatrician wouldn't care for baby with 2 moms
Cop Shoots at Dog, Accidentally Shoots His Boss Instead
Rooster's Day: Traditional Animal Brutality in Bulgaria
Robin Williams's Suicide to Be Recreated By A Porn Star in Tasteless TV Documentary
Mutant Pig Born with Human Face and Penis on Head
Columbia conflict-mediation professor busted for punching boyfriend
Woman changes her name 'Abcdefg Hijklmn Opqrst Uvwxyz'
UK Krispy Kreme apologizes for 'KKK Wednesday' customer promo
Spotted in Bolton: Man balancing box on head
This App Makes Sure You Don't Accidentally End The Gender Pay Gap
Woman fatally shoots herself after adjusting gun in bra holster
Alabama weather 'preparedness day' postponed by winter weather threat
'Dead' man turns up at own funeral in Brazil
Officials Declare 'Eating Healthy' A Mental Disorder
Breast-feeding mom hassled at Colonie buffet
This Guy Made a Snow Plow He Can Use While Sitting on the Toilet
Woman mauled boyfriend with kitchen roll holder after penis prank backfired
REPUBLICAN POLITICIAN FATALLY SHOOTS HERSELF IN THE EYE ADJUSTING HER BRA HOLSTER
IS fighters in search of Viagra as they inflict brutal sex attacks on women
Colombian teacher changes her name to ABCDEFG HIJKLMN OPQRST UVWXYZ
Why are jihadis so obsessed with porn?
Florida man with HIV bites deputy while being arrested
Teacher changes name to ABCDEFG HIJKLMN OPQRST UVWXYZ
Woman adjusting bra holster fatally shoots herself in the eye
Top Iranian Nuke Negotiator Ordered to Stop Screaming at Kerry
How This guy Managed To Eat At Benihana 579 Times Last Year
Man Hopes Craigslist Post Can Help Find Him a Woman to Impregnate
Dead Man Propped Up, Dressed In Green Lantern Costume At Wake
Indian monkey set to inherit fortune from ostracised couple
Police lost 20,000 stop-search records after 'wrong button pressed'
Vanilla Ice Arrested for Burgling Home While Shooting Home-Renovation Reality Series
Pentagon Actually Spent $41.6 Million on Viagra Last Year, Not $500K
Doh! Man who claimed detectives gave him 2 black eyes caught on video punching himself in face
Dead man propped up in Green Lantern costume at wake
Skip McDonalds: Church Offers Drive-Through Ashes
Germany's army is so under-equipped that it used broomsticks instead of machine guns
NASA to send submarine to space
Man buries 6-year-old girl 'alive' at advice of a false Pir
Turkish teacher calls for 'harassment teams' against miniskirts
Atheist "Bummed" By Lack Of Admiration
Police: GOP Delegate Fatally Shot Herself Adjusting Gun in Bra Holster
Missouri Lt. Gov. Peter Kinder wants a daily allowance
Doctor Refuses Treatment of Same-Sex Couple's Baby
Republican woman adjusting gun in bra holster fatally shoots self in eye
Oregon couple charged with starving 7-week-old son to death while mom used breast milk in online porn
Couple To Leave All Their Cash To Pet Monkey
I hope he donated the trimmings to cocks of love
Giuliani says Obama doesn't love America
Mother gave son fatal morphine "for a laugh"
Woman Drives to Jail Drunk to Bail Out Drunk Husband
State Sen. Tony Avella wants to ban machete possession in New York
Dublin woman suffered seizure from eating liqourice
This man is listening to Nickelback 24/7 all week for charity in 'ultimate test of human endurance'.
Truck Loses Load on Interstate, Chickens on the Loose
Rudy Giuliani: 'I Do Not Believe That The President Loves America'
Thief Who Mugged 78-Year-Old Man Cried When He Was Arrested, Police Say
4 Musts of Social Media Customer Service | CRM Software
Oklahoma May Scrap AP History For Focusing On America's 'Bad Parts'
Karma: Man In Hurry To Interview Curses And Shoves Passenger On Train, Regrets It When He Meets His Potential Boss
Middle-Schooler Misses Game-Winning Shot Attempt In Brutal Fashion, Realizes Life Is One Long, Cruel Joke
Vanilla Ice Charged With Burglary in Florida, Police Say
Tucker Carlson Blames 'Hungover' Editor For 'Kill All The Jews' Headline
Ukip candidate asks: what happens when renewable energy runs out?
Selena Gomez goes topless, discusses anxiety
Humane Association presents Pawscars, the Oscars for animal actors
Kegel recalled for strengthening community
Moe Kon Cafe in Akihabara busted for illegal "love slaps"
The man and his rationale for a toilet snowplow: 'People are attracted to toilets'
Jack White Wants Everyone To Know That He's Not A Guacamole Diva
Prof charged in child porn case asks for reference letters
Black Madam: I am the Michelangelo of butt injections
Barack Obama: Muslim elders too 'boring' to win Isil propaganda war
Police raid home of 9-year-old Pirate Bay user, confiscate her 'Winnie the Pooh' laptop
Dead man displayed at wake in his Green Lantern costume
For Less Corporate Fraud, Add Female Executives
Obama Calls for Expansion of Human Rights to Combat Extremism
Alabama news station discovers water freezes in freezing temperatures
Policeman arrests teen girl before being sexually assaulting by her
Danny Almonte says what's being done to Jackie Robinson West is 'not fair'
Florida teen undergoes world's first penis reduction surgery
Japanese newscaster faces charges of public indecency for engaging in 'bukake' sexual act live on air
Pope Francis compares trans people to nuclear weapons.
Pat Martin says tight underwear led him to leave seat during vote
Settlers of Catan Franchise Lands TV & Film Rights
Protein Sciences halts Connecticut expansion in response to governor's use of rival flu shot
Now Libya's ISIS extremist attack music as they burn 'un-Islamic' drums in the desert
A new crossover comic series is being released: Archie vs Predator
Missing animated park clown found in sex offender's house
Libya: Isis wages war on music by burning drums, saxophones and other instruments
'Fifty Shades' fans not permitted to bring props or 'weapons' to theaters
Joyland's Louie the Clown found in the home of a sex offender
Marshall Islands Castaway Jose Alvarenga Being Sued for $1 Million
Wedding ends in brawl after bride marries guest instead of groom
Too-small half-price underwear blamed after MP Pat Martin nearly misses House of Commons vote
Brandon Scott Wolf Creates Dating Website For Himself Only
Massive Portland snow dump nearing FAA height limit
Carnegie Mellon University wrongly tells 800 applicants they got in
New Japan Beauty Treatment: Face Munching Snails
Alabama News Station Reports That Water Freezes When It's Cold
College Student Banned from Campus for "Looking like Rapist"
Is your couch making you fat? Study finds flame retardants can lead to obesity
Louie, the Joyland Clown, found in sex offender's home
7 dogs safe after stolen van found: 'I saw the van and noticed the dog'
Teacher Gets Battered During Pick-up Game
Ukip Candidate Victoria Ayling Asks What Happens 'When Renewable Energy Runs Out'
Frozen warrant: Harlan, Kentucky has enough of 'Frozen' weather, issue warrant for Elsa
Here's Why You Should Never Be Rude To Strangers On Public Transport Especially if you're on your way to an interview.
Kentucky town has had enough 'Frozen' weather, announces arrest warrant for Disney character
Rapper Quits Social Media After Bullies Criticize Her Butt
Greek euro exit explained - with kebab
Too-tight underwear reason for absence during vote: MP
Town issues arrest warrant for "Frozen's" Elsa
Police Launch Manhunt in Norwich for Man with Machete, Turns out to Be a Kid with a Plastic Toy Sword
To Avoid Deer Strikes, Finland Is Painting Deer Antlers With Reflective Paint
Newsreader Jon Snow: Smoking high-strength cannabis 'more terrifying than war zone'
Woman kills herself trying to adjust her bra holster
Wearable robot feeds runners tomatoes
Thousands of Bolivians took to the streets to protest a Simpsons time slot change
Kim Jong-un Takes Cue From Fashion Week, Reveals Ambitious New Haircut
Indian bride marries a wedding guest after the groom has an epileptic fit as the couple are about to exchange vows
Runaway bison shows up at Ontario couple's front door
Punk Band Raising Money to Kill Their Drummer
Utah Court Allows Woman To Sue Herself For Wrongful Death Of Her Husband
Pope Francis says trans people destroy creation and compares them to nuclear weapons
Cold hard shit causes traffic. News at 11
Black 21 Year old new ID arrives in mail, has picture of old white man
Guy Fieri Officiating 101 Gay Weddings
Harlan Co. Ky. police issue warrant for Elsa from 'Frozen'
I'm an Athiest: Debate me.
Castaway who was lost at sea for 13 months now being sued for $1m
Too smart to be a good cop
A three-storey-high wind turbine was stolen in Labrador City
Australians Dean and Eduard Nitz lay claim to 'world's oldest burger'
Tampons: Bleeding you dry aren't they?
"Islam is Peace" Says President
CLOWN FROM AMUSEMENT PARK FOUND IN SEX OFFENDER'S HOME
Frozen fecal matter closes I-65 exit ramp
YouTube to Launch Subscription Service for Ad-Free Videos
Indonesian Police Wants To Confiscate Children's Shirts Showing Mating Pandas
Kentucky Town Puts Out Warrant for Queen Elsa's Arrest After Cold Snap
The Daily Caller Apologizes for 'Kill All the Jews' Headline, Blames Hungover Editor
Isaac Latterell, South Dakota Lawmaker, Says Planned Parenthood Is Worse Than ISIS
Police say Aurora man beat infant for crying during 'Jerry Springer'
Nine arrested on the charge of sacrificing girl child for treasure in India
Ex-porn star slams militant friendly social media group for its fake post
Meet the 15-year-old babysitting boss poised to make millions
Very Large Telescope could not Spot Missing Brown Dwarf
Turn Your Twerk Skills Into Music
Missing amusement park clown found in sex offender's house
Netanyahu humiliated after he tries to play down wealth with video recorded in his decrepit home... which is revealed to be his servants' quarters
Sasha Grey Confirms that No, She Was Not Kidnapped and Chopped Up by Ukrainian Soldiers
Gay people 'more likely to dodge tickets', metro workers told
Officer shoots at dog, hits his boss instead
Pediatrician won't treat baby with 2 moms
Blogger Says Rape Should Be Legal On Private Property
The RhinoShield Bumper and the iPhone I Could Not Destroy
Preacher gives entire video sermon with nipples out
Male Student Allegedly Banned from Campus Because His Resemblance to a Rapist Was Triggering
Throw Your Wack Skinny Jeans Down a Well Because JNCOs Are Back, Baby!
500-Pound Fireball Illuminates Pennsylvania, Ohio, New York Pre-Dawn Skies
GOP Lawmaker: Planned Parenthood Is Worse Than ISIS
Ben & Jerry's Founders Are Totally Down With Weed Ice Cream When It's Legal
South Dakota Republican: Planned Parenthood 'worse than ISIS and lying about it'
South Dakota State Rep: Planned Parenthood Is 'Worse than ISIS'
Police arrest burglary suspect by following his footprints in the snow
South Dakota Legislator Calls Planned Parenthood "Worse Than ISIS"
Iconic Wichita Clown Recovered From Sex Offender's Home
Groom Has Seizure at Wedding, Bride Marries Guest Instead
Japanese Company Introduces Robot Hat-Backpack That Feeds You Tomatoes While You Jog
New Jersey police arrested and shackled an arthritic 72 year old retiree to a bench for possessing a 300 year old flintlock pistol
Man Tries to Pretend He Didn't Go See Fifty Shades of Grey Alone, Is Extremely Unsuccessful
Pittsburgh's Gulf Tower is turning into an Instagram mood ring
Man awarded medal for foiling 2010 bank robbery now accused of robbing NE Portland bank
Falkville man wearing 'DevilDriver' shirt accused of running over couple, ramming other vehicles and mobile home
Time Warner Cable calls customer "Cunt" after she reports cable box problem
Theater mixes up 'Fifty Shades of Grey' and 'SpongeBob'
Foul-mouthed commuter has job interview by man he attacked
Naked man arrested while running on freeway in San Diego
Philadelphia 76ers Almost Accidentally Trade For NBA-Caliber Player
Missouri Lt Gov Kinder wants to receive daily allowance
21 Year Old States He "Left a Cadillac" after theft of 2015 GMC Yukon
Sony just unveiled the stupidest product in the history of the universe
As Anti-Semitism Rises, Will There Be A Second Holocaust?
Portland, Maine has a 'snow dump' so tall that it's posing a hazard to aircraft
Snow pile in Portland, Maine is nearing the Federal Aviation Administration's height limit
Toddler overdoses on marijuana cookies, RCMP charge dad
Joyland's Louie the Clown found in sex offender's home
Stolen animatronic clown found in sex offender's home
Walmart raises pay well above minimum wage
Sheep to be turned into WiFi hotspots in rural areas
Mum in US shot herself by adjusting bra
Body of elderly Florida woman thrown into dumpster after being mistaken for mannequin
Now You Can Pig Out on Bacon-Wrapped Pizza Crust
Creepy organ-playing clown found in sex offender's home
Man burned after trying to warm his home with gasoline fire
Wealthy Indian couple leave everything to pet monkey.
Man has card swallowed by Atm,so he attacks it with a meat cleaver
Confidential to the White House: You guys are misspelling 'February'
Sea snail teeth may be the key to super-light race cars
Wesleyan frat sues for discrimination after being forced to accept women
Most wanted suspect steals family heirlooms, cooks lunch during break-in
Time Warner Cable calls customer a cunt after she reports cable box problem
Giuliani: Obama Had a White Mother, So I'm Not a Racist
Chargers, Raiders propose shared NFL stadium in Carson
Wichita Police find Joyland's Louie the Clown at sex offender's home
How Russian scammers are stealing and monetizing cat videos from YouTube en-masse...and how YouTube is doing nothing to stop it (Story in comments)
Obama: 'Islam Has Been Woven Into the Fabric of Our Country Since Its Founding'
'Stop this nonsense': Boston mayor tells residents not to jump from windows into snow
Women sells her breast milk online to bodybuilders for about a dollar per ounce on Craigslist
Wal-Mart said they are increasing the salary of their hourly employees to boost their morals
It's So Freezing Outside That Owls From the Arctic Have Descended Upon NYC
Man Accused of Shooting at Whales With World War II Rifle
London teacher fined $717 for posting Hitler picture on Facebook
Murder suspect dubbed 'Michelangelo of buttocks injections'
Five-Year-Old From Ohio Believes He Lived Past Life As A Black Woman Who Died In Chicago Fire
Jared Simpson Accused Of Bomb Scare After Trying To Pay Bar Tab With Rock
Infamous Moston murderer to wed fellow gay killer in first same-sex marriage inside British prison
American Sniper Shooter Confesses On Tape
Michigan Republican Official Fatally Shoots Self in Eye While Trying to Adjust Bra Gun Holster
Man Bites Police Officers After His Dog Refused To Bite Them
Guy Fieri Is Officiating Free Wedding for 101 Gay Couples
Monkey to Inherit House, Garden, Trust Fund
Нужны бесплатные просмотры и подписчики? addmefast Перейти на сайт - http://addmf.co/?QTD3WY7
Man masturbates, ejaculates onto the back of a woman at St Kilda Festival
Canadian MP blames tight underpants for exit from parliament
'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Arrest: Masturbating Female Handcuffed After Pleasuring Herself In Cinema.
Bodybuilders Drinking Breast Milk to Bulk Up
Second brawl in 48 hours in Turkish parliament leaves five members injured
Forget the Apple Watch -- Dole makes a wearable banana
Stripper: Traffic Cone-Tossing Was 'Artwork'
ISIS release pictures of 'un-Islamic' instruments being burned
Del City woman arrested for beastiality and producing child porn with her special needs son
75-year-old man rapes unconscious woman for 2 days
Prank call leads to heavy destruction of Circle K store
President Obama to GOP: Stop copying me on economy
Utah court lets woman sue herself over fatal wreck
Woman asks for divorce because husband didn't want sex three times a day
New York Town gives up, says 'visit Florida instead'
Planned Parenthood: No, We Are Not #WorseThanISIS
ISIS speak out over snooker logo mix-up
Dubai's Camel Races Embrace Robot Jockeys
Scots-born gay-bashing killer to wed psychopath paedophile in Britain's first same-sex marriage behind bars
$100 billion lawsuit filed over Dez Bryant 'catch'
"What happens when the renewable energy runs out though?" asks UKIP member of parliment
'Water ATMs' deliver liquid assets in India's capital
Beloved Clown Found in Sex Offender's Home
Cyclone Marcia reportedly dumps shark on beach at Lennox Heads
Murder Suspect Dubbed "Michelangelo of Butt Injections"
Youth held for clicking photos standing on tortoise in Nehru Zoological Park
Muslim snooker player Rory McLeod explains reason behind 'Isis badge' during Welsh Open
Alaska Leads U.S. States in Well-Being for First Time
Loans to consumers with low credit scores have reached the highest level since the start of the financial crisis
FDA knew devices spread fatal 'superbug' but does not order fix
Daffod-ill: U.K. Stores Warn Shoppers Not to Eat Flowers
Saudi cleric tells students 'Earth does not rotate'
KY Police Department Issues Warrant For Elsa For Being "Frozen"
Australian Environment Minister Greg Hunt caught editing Wikipedia pages to claim that cyclones don't exist.
Frozen fecal matter closes interstate exit ramp
Man goes viral with story of girlfriend hating car
Scott Walker's Office Unable to Provide Written Proof of his Communications with God
Kentucky Cops Get Sick Of Winter, Issue Arrest Warrant For Queen Elsa From 'Frozen'
BBC: How to tell if a Russian bomber is flying overhead
A commuter who launched a foul-mouthed tirade at a fellow passenger he bumped into on a crowded train faced him again just hours later - at a job interview.
ISIS Fighters Attack Music by Burning Un-Islamic Drums
Kim Jong Un golf game makes it impossible to get anything but a hole in one
Kim Jong-un got a haircut and it's called "The Old Telephone".
After Google Glass, Apple Watch, Japan offers wearable tomatoes
For the sinner on the go.
Canadian Lawmaker Uses 'Tight Underwear' Excuse To Explain Absence
Illegal giant snails threatening America
German nurse who killed more than 30 patients as part of thrill-seeking game apologises to victims' relatives
Comcast agent tells customer that data caps are "mandated by law"
Plans to rename a Cornish park 'Hitler's Walk' are abandoned
India Officials: Tree Obama Planted Isn't Dead, Just Looks Dead
North Dakota zamboni driver arrested for DUI during game
German academics wait till Hitler's copyright expires to publish annotated version of "Mein Kampf"
Kanye West Says Beyoncé Is Inspired By Kim Kardashian
Oscars acceptance speech study: Spielberg gets thanked more than God
Suit yourself: Utah court lets woman sue herself over fatal wreck
MP inaugurated metro project that doesn't exist, reveals RTI
Overly tight, cheap underpants force Canada Legislator out of his seat.
Christian foreign fighters deserting Kurdish YPG in Syria because they're 'damn Reds'
German Nurse "Honestly Sorry" He Killed 30 Patients Out of Boredom
JNCO Jeans Are Making a Big, Baggy Comeback
40 pounds of meth found buried in truckload of broccoli in Arizona
Australia's Oldest Man Knits Tiny Sweaters For Injured Penguins
Soccer Team Takes Viagra Before a Match, Loses Anyway
Canadian MP blames tight underwear for parliament exit
Top Prosecutor: Imprisoned Man Receives Unemployment Pay, Gets Arrested
Wright State sorry about Black History Month menu
JNCO Jeans Are About To Make A Comeback (Seriously)
Man digs 25 foot long tunnel to find his car in front driveway. CBC News - The National
Lessons in etiquette: Job-seeker curses at man who turns out to be his interviewer
Upstate New York towns explore seceding to Pennsylvania
When Pigs Fly High-flyin' Porker 300-pound Hog Makes Cross-country Trip In Style, Aboard Usairways Jetliner In First Class, Of Course
Unbeknownst To High School, Sex Offender Speaks At Motivational Assembly
The 90s Strike Back: Baggy Jeans Brand JNCO Relaunches
The Manga Quran: The Japanese Answer to Charlie Hebdo?
Smelly caterpillar dresses as snake to avoid predators
CAT MALOJIN REVIEWS THE MAJOR CONTENDERS FOR THE 2015 OSCARS
Frozen Character Wanted by Kentucky Police
Stone Cold denies vaccines cause Austinism
Ohio Boy, 5, Believes He Lived Past Life as a Black Woman Named Pam
Cocaine-Snorting Oscar Statuette Appears on Hollywood Blvd.
Motion tabled at Scottish Parliament to support Grado's plea to Madonna
Report: NY Towns Would Consider Seceding To PA
K-9 fired from Florida police force after biting 2 people
You can buy Kurt Cobains credit card. Current bid is $8,100.
Live feeds What's on News Politics Football Sport Celebs In Your Area TRENDINGCELTIC FCRANGERS FCJAK TRUEMANRECORD FCVIRAL VIDEOS Property Business Motoring Travel Lifestyle Home News Scottish News Midlothian Council New Scottish trampoline park hit by over 100 injuries in first three weeks
New Scottish trampoline park hit by over 100 injuries in first three weeks
Zambia's top prosecutor drops charges against self
Dopey drug dealer gets into police car 'by mistake'
Pig is 'top dog' in canine agility class
Obese people to be treated at ZOO because hospital beds are too small
2 Teenagers Were Eager to Shovel Snow. Then the Police Paid a Visit.
Obesity crisis 'will force hospitals to use super-size MRI scanners at zoos'
Cocaine-snorting Oscar statue removed on Hollywood Boulevard
Sick of the 'Frozen' weather, Kentucky police issue arrest warrant for Elsa
Rat-eating Indian politician resigns
Kim Jong Un has a hilariously terrible new haircut
Instant karma: Man who told fellow Tube passenger to go f*** himself gets payback when he turns up for job interview with the same chap just hours later
News Article - Money was overspent but not misspent
Woman arrested in bizarre fake pregnancy, pizza day scam
Tom Cruise's 'Mission: Impossible 5' Halts Production to Figure Out Ending
Swede named 'Fanny' banned from getting UK loyalty card
Does Kim Jong Un's new look reflect a new attitude?
Missing UPenn student driven nuts by penis pills
Man who burned down K'zoo adult store wanted to destroy porn, police say
Students say program's laptops making a difference.
Band uses a Go Fund Me page to kill their drummer
Ax-wielding hair designer burns down Michigan adult store to please God
Oklahoma Republicans Seek to Ban AP US History as "Unpatriotic"
Man burned down sex shop to eradicate porn
Kim Jong Un Debuts Sculptured New Haircut And Trimmed Eyebrows
Kim Jong-un: North Korean dictator turns heads with severe new haircut and tiny eyebrows
Winter Haven man's obituary lists cause of death 'uppercut from Batman'
Bodybuilders turn to breast milk to add muscle
'Drive-by barbers' think it is funny to cut off men's top-knot man buns in South Africa
Canada lawmaker blames tight underwear for missed vote
Pentagon spends more than $80m on drugs to tackle erectile dysfunction
Ponytail bandits make cut
Moscow blames Ukraine for proliferation of new highly addictive and deadly narcotic among its youth.
Colombian woman changes name to ABCDEFG HIJKLMN OPQRST UVWXYZ
Move over Fitbit: a new apogee of wearable fitness tech (x-post from Futurology)
Meet Tomatan, a wearable robot that feeds you tomatoes as you run (x-post from Futurology)
Police Department Wants to Arrest Elsa Because of All the Fucking Snow
Black History Month menu at university features fried chicken, collard greens.
16 year old Runs His Own Music Label, Somehow Signs Macaulay Culkin.
Cowboys fan files $100 billion lawsuit over Dez Bryant 'catch'
85-year-old Houston Republican fights to legalize marijuana
This punk band is raising money to get their drummer killed
Poopsicle closes interstate exit ramp
Husband threw ice-cream tub at his wife
'Racist' bird names banned by Sweden
Xbox 360 buttons mistaken for bullets, bomb squad called out in Belfast.
Cocaine-snorting Oscar statue removed after popping up on Hollywood Boulevard days before Academy Awards
Woman arrested for maiming after man claims girlfriend tried to bite his penis off
Massive fire engulfs Dubai Marina Torch residential tower (PHOTOS, VIDEO)
Fire engulfs Torch building in Dubai Marina
Florida police dog fired after biting two people
We are looking for new mods! Apply within.
CNN says ISIS using Nutella and kittens to recruit Western women.
A Dubai Skyscraper Called the "Torch Tower" Is on Fire
Local Indian Tribe: Let Us Expand or We'll Grow Weed
Dramatic High-Rise Fire at Dubai's 'The Torch' Tower
A 79-Story Residential Tower in Dubai Is on Fire
Police Dog Fired After Doughnut Shop Attack
After Google Glass, Apple Watch come wearable tomatoes
ORANGEBURG COUNTY, SC: Sheriff: Girl, 14, charged after video posted on social media shows toddler performing sex act on her | Crime
[x-post from futurology] Meet Tomatan, a wearable robot that feeds you tomatoes as you run
Fire Engulfs Dubai's Torch Tower Skyscraper
Fire erupts at Torch tower in Dubai Marina
Girl makes yogurt from vagina secretions.
Pat Robertson: Serving Same-Sex Couple Like Serving Man-Dog Wedding
Why Every Jewish Man, Woman, and Child in Europe Should Get a Gun.
Stoner Gets The Most Magical Email From Chipotle, Ever
Massive Poop Spill Shuts Down Highway Exit In Indiana
Rick Owens Spring/Summer 2015 Sleeveless Hoodie Selling for $163,184 USD
Germany "can't explain" why its soldiers used broomsticks instead of machine guns during a NATO military exercise
Human Hybrid bill sponsor talks ventures, werewolves
Human hybrid bill sponsor talks centaurs, werewolves
CNN Segment: 'ISIS Lures Women With Kittens, Nutella'
Man wakes up to find his girlfriend biting off his genitals. Girlfriend arrested. This is nuts!
Dead for 48 minutes, Catholic Priest claims God is female
14yo films sex act with toddler - no sh!t this actually happened!
Fire at Dubai's "Torch" Skyscraper
ISIS Threatens to Hit Rome - Romans Give Them Travel Tips
Why I Rent My House Out For Porn Shoots
WWE addresses CM Punk's allegations
Meet Tomatan, a wearable robot that feeds you tomatoes as you run
New York Towns Want to Secede and Join Pennsylvania
Idaho coach berates assistant, kicks him off the bench, loses game
Woman arrested on charges of maiming after man claims she tried to bite his penis off
obituary lists cause of death as uppercut from batman
NJ Cops Seek Red Wigged Bank Robbery Suspect Of Unknown Gender
Time Warner Cable Letter Calls Customer 'Cunt'
Torch Tower catches on fire.
Meet Booze-Filled Baby, The Lifestyle Product Brooklyn Deserves: Gothamist
Naked woman in Florida stops traffic near Orlando by masturbating in front of a car: cops
Boy, 5: God Told Me I Lived a Past Life as a Black Woman
Pope: Don't let meatless Fridays be selfish, soulless, seafood splurge
Thailand has an aircraft carrier with no aircraft
Here's everything inside the $168,000 Oscar-nominee swag bag
BDSM Porn Searches Spike After '50 Shades' Release
Parents trying to reverse kids' autism by 'flushing out' vaccines with bogus 'miracle' bleach enemas
Oscar nominees to receive gift bags worth $160,000
Real life "The Purge" on weekends in Oregon
Superintendent: Students investigated in emu death
North Carolina Woman Calls Police For Help, Gets Killed By Cop (Video)
Mayan Mural Found in Guatemala Reveals Ancient Photobomb
Is Kim Jong Un the next trendsetter?
Pat Robertson warns of bestiality wedding cakes: 'What if somebody wanted to marry his dog?'
Dubai's Torch residental tower catches fire, evacuates hundreds in marina district
Community rallies to save little boy's birthday after no one shows up
Kim Jong Un: Check Out His Gravity-Defying 'Jersey Shore' Haircut
Monster Truck Stolen From Parking Lot
New German Navy Helicopter is not allowed to fly over the sea
Putin: Russia's military strength is unmatchable
A Michigan doctor refuses to treat lesbian couple's baby, citing religion
Happy Ending for 6-Year-Old After Nobody Shows Up to His Birthday Party
Nicaragua drug suspect caught with large stash of horse manure - The Tico Times
Derry priest warns of risk involved in yoga
Man Arrested For Stabbing Grandmother Multiple Times
The Most Dangerous Foods That Cause Homosexuality in Children, and Others to Resist It (Article in Arabic)
Prank caller tricks employees into destroying Circle K convenience store, causing about $30,000 in damage: cops
Jihad Matchmaker is here to link up those seeking marriage in Syria in a halal manner.
Zambian prosecutor drops charges against himself
Five years old Boy Claims he Lived Last Life as Woman who Died in Chicago Hotel fire 22 years ago
Mission Impossible 5 realizes it needs an ending, halts production
Yoga Leads to Satanism says Irish Priest
CNN claim ISIS is luring women with kittens and Nutella
Finger length indicates how nice men are to women
Yoga and Indian head massages lead to Satanism, says priest
Sadistic Police Likely Salivating Over New Handcuffs that Will Shock and Drug the Restrained
These Terrifying Handcuffs Can Shock And Drug Prisoners | A recently filed patent details the (scary dystopian) handcuffs of the future.
Prediksi Atletico Madrid vs Almeria 22 Februari 2015
Police ask public to help prevent sale of kids clothes covered in pandas having sex
Yoga and Indian head massages lead to Satanism, says Northern Irish priest
Kanye West Actually Listens to Beck's Music: "Maybe It Was Potentially an Album of the Year" (Video)
'Caveman' blogger vindicated in free-speech fight
Commuter tells man to f*ck himself, then turns up for job interview with him
Young Girl Writes To DC In Support Of More Female Superheroes, So DC Turned Her Into One
Police K9 attacks cop, doughnut shop worker, removed from force
Afghan central bank branch employees raid their own bank and run
CT Scan Reveals That Statue of the Buddha Is Actually a Mummy
GOP lawmaker: Arm 'hot little girls' to stop college sex assault
Florida police dog fired from the force after biting an officer, doughnut shop worker
Utah woman still single despite catching 46 wedding bouquets. (with video)
85-year-old Republican grandmom leads charge to legalize marijuana
Copenhagen shooting: 500 gather for gunman's funeral
Girls Describe Slender Man Stabbing Of Friend
Secrets of the Japanese swimsuit modeling world: Fake breasts and lots of pee
Three-fifths a citizen: Are corporations really people?
Lawyer Turns to Art Following Brain Injury
Tea Party News Network Staffers Resign en Masse, Citing 'Despicable Practices'
Kendra Sunderland, Coed Fined For Library Masturbation Film, To Pose For Penthouse
Kanye Finally Heard Beck's Album: 'Man, This Is Kind Of Good'
South Dakota Lawmaker: 'Planned Parenthood Worse Than ISIS'
Canada considers taking fight against ISIS to Libya, Syria (Canadian Minster of National Defence says the USA is coordinating over 2000 countries to fight ISIS)
Teacher tells Ohio schoolgirl told to cover up her arms at Valentine's Day dance - because they were 'sexual objects'
Breathing polluted air may increase risk of suicide.
Kentucky lawmakers ponder where transgender students should use the bathroom
Radnor police: Name mixup sends fake IDs to college dean
Isis lure women with chocolate and little pets.
Tibetan Villagers Pose Before Backdrops, Earn Oscar Nomination
Russell Brand joins Henry Kissinger and Hilary Mantel on world's great thinkers award shortlist
Groom has seizure, bride seizes another man to marry.
Teenager making $480,000 a year babysitting, forced to hire CEO to meet demands
Pop-Tart gun laws: Fighting for the right to keep and bear pastry in the U.S.
In a public uproar, Rudy Giuliani doubles down, saying Obama had "communist" upbringing
Nearly 37% Of All Registered Steam Games Have Never Been Played
Dubai 'Torch' Tower Catches Fire, Extinguished with No Deaths
Chinese government pens "Cyberspace Spirit" -- a musical to educate citizens on the Internet, draws mockery
Lads Who Claimed "Ibiza Isn't Ready For Us" Discover It Definitely Was Ready For Them
Quartavious Davis, First-Time Offender With 162-Year Prison Term, Gets Appeal
Cop Fights to Keep His Secret Mercenary Army
Hilary Duff Rocks Cute, Casual Look as She Steps Out After Filing for Divorce from Mike Comrie-See the Photos
'Ashes to Go' appeals to busy believers
Remain Calm: The Thin Mint Shortage Could Last Weeks
Activist Teaches Feminist Animal Rights Course At George Mason University
Sheriff: Infant starved to death; mom used breast milk for porn
Draven Rodriguez, Star Of Laser Cat Yearbook Meme, Dies At 17
Old Man Falls and is Run Over Because No one Helped Him Up (original article title)
Long-lost clown from Wichita amusement park found in sex offender's home
Old Man Falls and Is Run Over Because No One Helped Him Up
Police dog fired for biting doughnut shop worker
Education 'experts' cited in news stories may lack expertise, study finds
2 Vietnamese await verdict in Japan for stealing and eating research goats
'It's a slippery slope from yoga to Satan.' - Irish priest
A chinese pedophile sentenced to death asks for a child as his last meal
This Analyst Just Said Tesla, Apple And Google Could Put Porsche, BMW, GM And Ford Out Of Business
Bill Nye and Bill Maher slam 'feces-throwers and flat-earthers' who still deny climate change
RWW News: Anti-Gay Documentary Warns Of The 'Criminalization Of Christianity'
Scott Walker: 'I Don't Really Know' Whether Obama Loves America
Fossil thought to be plastic replica is actually 189 million-year-old relic
Yukon bar patron swallows famous sourtoe, pays fine, leaves town
Scott Walker says he doesn't know whether Obama loves his country
University student charged with slashing sleeping roommate
College student named "Dean" accidentally sends fake ID's to his college's "dean"
Ofcom receives 5 complaints over 'Who Killed Lucy?' reveal
Critically endangered pangolins rescued, then sold as food
Cops Who Fist Bumped After Firing 80 Rounds Into Mentally Ill Man Cleared of Any Wrongdoing Cops Who Fist Bumped After Firing 80 Rounds Into Mentally Ill Man Cleared of Any Wrongdoing
Naked cowboy takes a stroll on I-75 in snow.
1 in 4 Americans Apparently Unaware the Earth Orbits the Sun
China threatens to arm Hawaii separatists who want kingdom
Catholic Priest Dies for 48 Minutes, Comes Back to Life and Claims God Is Female
Kardashians Involved in Kar Accident in Montana
Houston Car Thief Stopped to Take Singing Selfie
Town Puts Out Arrest Warrant for 'Frozen' Queen Elsa
Shop sells Nazi tattoos to kids
ISIS vow to take over Rome and 'throw homosexuals off of your leaning tower of PIZZA'
Alleged thieves 'butt dial' their victim, leave voice mail discussing the crime
Those guys are so Right OLD people shouldn't vote
Man wearing "Devil Driver" shirt runs over couple, rams home and cars
21-year-old's new ID shows an old white man
Ohio trooper who quit after having sex in patrol car says he never removed duty belt
'Laser cat' high school senior commits suicide
No injuries reported after Kardashian car slides off road
Rumors: Stevie Nicks Took Cocaine Anally
Samsung thinks there are not enough Galaxy s6 rumors : starts their own
Canadian Politician Saves Man In Blizzard Who He Mistook For A Seal
Father who locked daughter in car on hot day reveals how easy it is to do
Man Doing Yard Work Finds Old Mortar Explosives
Scott Walker won't criticize Giuliani, won't opine on Obama and love of country
Former head of the Los Angeles FBI blows the whistle on elite Satanic pedophile cults in the United States where several human sacrifices happen every year
Placenta-eating is latest fad among U.S. moms
Children Report Satanic Ritual Abuse Christ Church Primary School Hampstead
'Its girth was just massive' - teen undergoes penis reduction
Indian Leader helping each other by knowingly or unknowingly ? Benefit gets by commen people.
Lawmaker: Tight underwear made me miss vote
Lawmakers call for guns on college campuses to prevent rape
Many education 'experts' in news stories lack expertise, study finds
Woman Fatally Shoots Self While Adjusting Bra Holster: Police
Icy sidewalks a hazard for folks on foot
PSA: Pastor Kindly Reminds You That the Missionary Position is the Only One Approved by God
"Missionary Style" Is The Only Holy S*xual Position - Pastor Olugbenga
Shocking video shows man repeatedly punching dog in head
Auto repair Charlotte NC The best auto repair shop
Mercedes-Benz G 500 4×4²
Labour MP Austin Mitchell: 'Even if we selected a raving alcoholic sex paedophile we wouldn't lose Grimsby'
Woman attacked by household appliance
Florida Tribe Threatens Rick Scott: Let Us Build A Casino Or We Start Growing Pot
Saudi men arrested for dancing at party
Bob Marley's heirs win a landmark case to get merchandisers to stop putting his face on stuff
Obama tree's loss of leaves causes angst in India
Hammered And Heedless: Do Dangerous Drinking Videos Harm Teens?
College dean gets box of fake IDs meant for student named Dean
Overly tight cheap underpants force Canada MP out of his seat
Two Girls Stab Another Girl 19 Times to Appease Slenderman
Saudi Men Detained for Dancing at Birthday Party
Governments are more qualified than markets to pick winners and losers in business and innovation.
These valuable improvements on Windows 10 Technical Preview for phones
Kanye's Making a Video Game about His Mom's Journey Through Heaven
Kanye West is Making a Game
Florida man's obituary lists cause of death as "Uppercut from Batman"
Shooting ends chicken wing gravy train at Buffalo Wild Wings
Air Force pilot radios just before ejecting from crashing jet: 'Dude, I'm getting out'
Recruiting race: College sport site profiles 11-year-olds
Kanye West is creating a video game... based on his late mother
Woman caught masturbating during 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
Theater accidentally shows 'Fifty Shades of Grey' instead of new Spongebob Squarepants movie
Local RadioShack vows to remain open
Orthodox Jews in talks with health officials over oral suction circumcision which has been linked to herpes in children
Teen has surgery to make his penis smaller
Florida police dog fired over biting doughnut shop worker
Cops Who Fist Bumped After Firing 80 Rounds Into Mentally Ill Man Cleared of Any Wrongdoing
Florida Woman Transforming Herself Into a "Family of Seals"
Man Busted Selling "Energy Drinks" Containing Meth
Look out Apple - this smartwatch is made out of actual banana
Jeopardy Man Arthur Chu Takes A Stand Against Helping Abused Porn Star And Family
Old India's Village of Warriors Becomes Birthplace of Bouncers
EG.SumaiL firing shots at EternalEnvy in Twitch Chat
Billboard Art Project Sets Off Terrorism Scare Near US/Mexico Border
ISIS vow to 'throw homosexuals off of Rome's leaning tower of PIZZA'
Christians against dinosaurs is a real thing and they are trying to have dinosaurs removed from school curriculum
Anti-Pet Vaccination Trend Spurns Rabies Outbreak In Orange County
Man strips naked at airport security
Chelsea race thug is ex-cop and present day human rights speaker
Yoga will bring down rapes, says senior Indian politician and former HRD minister.
Japan is celebrating its 27th annual Cat Day today, also known as Nyan Nyan Nyan day
Syracuse misspells name on retired jersey
A theater accidentally showed 'Fifty Shades of Grey' instead of the new Spongebob Squarepants movie
Islamic State Wants To Throw Gay People Off The 'Leaning Tower Of Pizza' In Italy
Italians are ridiculing an Isis supporter for planning an attack on the 'leaning tower of pizza'
German music group sends DMCA takedown against Python, EFF, TorProject, Red Hat, Ubuntu and others
The Massive Men of Homoerotic Manga
Prosecutors: Not Enough Evidence Cops Who Shot Unarmed Man 16 Times As He Laid In Bed Acted With 'Malice'
NYT Smears Scientist Willie Soon for Telling the Truth About 'Global Warming'
Woman cuts off husband's penis twice after catching him cheating.
Police called to motorway hard shoulder after motorist spotted doing HANDSTANDS next to car
Police to examine footage after darts competition erupts into violence
Mayor of Jerusalem Tackles Knife-Wielding Palestinian on His Way to Office - and It's All on Video
Mayor Of Jerusalem Tackles Knife Attack Suspect In The Street
Mom Reportedly Locks Daughter Out In Underwear After Running Away
Domestic violence critic arrested for domestic violence
Man Creates Dating Website Just For Himself
Gawker: Climate Change Deniers Should Face Jail Time
Spank the kids, but let them keep their dignity, pope says
x-post /r/conspiracy Cops Who Fist Bumped After Firing 80 Rounds Into Mentally Ill Man Cleared of Any Wrongdoing
The Imitation Game director defends film's lack of gay sex scenes
Check out this wiki page
Vaccines are One Big Experiment...Causing Hundreds of Diseases in the Modern World
Man in goat suit seen living among goats in Utah mountains
Word 'meep' banned from US school
Oslo synagogue 'peace ring' organizer blamed Jews for 9/11
Saudi men detained by morality police for dancing: local media
Inevitably Graffitied: White Canvas-Like SoHo Facade Defaced
Profane name changes greet some customers of cable companies
Who Needs Money? Lobbyists Are Allowed to Have Sex With Politicians
GoFundMe to give Chicago girl a lifetime supply of thin mints girl scout cookies
MILF won't give up men
Chris Brown's art sells for more than $50K at auction
Oscars 2015: Emma Stone suffers embarrassing wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her knickers
Short on machine guns, German army armed turrets with broomsticks
'Fifty Shades of Grey' Sex Toys Now Available at Target Stores
'Tiger selfies' outlawed in New York under new law banning direct contact with big cats
Terrorists luring followers through pancake propaganda, according to national security review
Politician expelled from Ukip for 'negro' comments hits back at her critics by saying she once visited the Caribbean and found it 'okay'
Teen known for 'laser cat' yearbook photo dies in apparent suicide
Woman watching 50 Shades of Grey in Mexico arrested for masturbating at movie theater
Fight at Billy Beez in Destiny USA started after man pelts women with balls
JFK Airport officials filter fecal matter in search for drugs
North Korea has banned foreigners from participating in the 2015 Pyongyang Marathon, citing concerns over Ebola.
North Korea bans foreigners from Pyongyang marathon over Ebola
Warning after Nutella jar sparks devastating blaze
Pope Francis Casually Compares Transgender People To 'Nuclear Weapons'
Swastika tattoos pulled from shelves
Capitalism vs. "Smiley-Faced Socialism"
Donald Trump on Oscars: 'Great Night for Mexico' - 'As Usual' in 'This Country'
ISIS Militants Targeting Rome Offered Humorous Travel Advice on Twitter
Racist soccer fan who pushed black man out of train is a director at Human rights forum and an ex-police officer. (x-post from world news) http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2wv8gn/racist_soccer_fan_who_pushed_black_man_out_of/
Human rights activist identified in Chelsea fans' racist train incident apologises
Loophole lets pedophiles get educator licenses
Regina man goes to extreme lengths to answer online comments
Limited Edition Year Of The Goat iPhone 6 Is Now Available
German army used broomsticks instead of guns during training
Under-equipped German soldiers replace guns with broomsticks during NATO exercise
"Suspicious male in possession of flight simulator game" lawsuit moves ahead: Wiley Gill drew cops' attention as Muslim convert; feds can't dismiss his case.
Joseph Minala told he can resume career in Lazio youth team after proving he's 17 not 42
Guys unsuccesful attempt to get his TV Chef inspired artwork displayed in the UK's largest gallery
Man sentenced to 5 years in prison for filling his free water cup with soda.
Two Missing Ducks, a Video and a Felony Charge in an Episode at a Foie Gras Farm
Man fled from crime scene on foot across frozen river
Escaped convict on the run in South Africa after spending three years posing as a police officer.
As senator, Clinton paid women 72 cents for each dollar paid to men
ISIS threatens to throw gays off the Leaning Tower of Pizza
Mars One mission: 'My boyfriend is cool with me going to Mars on a one-way trip'
Militant threatens to throw homosexuals from the Leaning Tower of Pizza
Japanese company offers wearable tomatoes
Kanye West is Making a Video Game
Rapper admits he's fucking his cousin, because "The pussy good"
Campaign 2016: Leading White House contenders already violating finance laws -- report
Why I Want My Daughter to Be Gay Like Me
Italy's Martin Castrogiovanni is set to miss Saturday's Six Nations match against Scotland at Murrayfield after being bitten on the nose by a dog.
I'm gay. And I want my kid to be gay, too.
Loveland theater mixes up '50 Shades' and 'SpongeBob'
Vandals draw swastikas and anti-Muslim slogans on mosque...that actually turns out to be a Hindu temple.
China's Internet censorship agency now has it's own choral anthem
Sleeping with Jeff Bridges has become a nightmare
Cops turn matchmakers, force boy-girl caught making out to marry
"Suspicious male in possession of flight simulator game" lawsuit moves ahead
It's raining money! Dubai drivers abandon cars after notes worth £90 start blowing across highway
Ashton Kutcher encourages men to explore their sexuality by 'kissing a dude'
Michigan Cops Protect Citizens by Stealing Leaf Blowers From Cancer Patients
ISIS Burns Musical Instruments: Islamic State Fighters In Libya Call Drums 'Un-Islamic'
Kanye West is working on a video game based around helping his late mother get into heaven
MyAnimeList Scores Dramatically Decrease As Users Realize They Can Give Scores Lower Than 5
Traffic comes to a halt as it starts raining MONEY in Dubai: Cash worth more than half a million pounds blows through the city - and nobody knows where it came from
Kanye West Creating Video Game Where Users Play His Dead Mother
Patricia Arquette: "It's Time For All the Gay People and All the People of Color to Fight For Us Now"
Piggybacking robot feeds you tomatoes while you run
Hanahan Police arrest Elsa for Lowcountry cold front
Monopoly Sets Filled with Actual Money Are Floating Around France
Man didn't expect bomb to be so explosive
Detectives looking for meth lab In Florida find moonshine still instead
State dog bill advances - barely
Despite truckers' hopes, Peace Street Bridge still 12'4"
Scathing rejection email from CEO of recruiting firm riddled with typos and errors with applicant's appropriate response.
Nutella jar sparks devastating house fire killing beloved family dog
Kanye's Making a Video Game Where You Help His Mom Get to Heaven
Putin says war between Russia and Ukraine unlikely - TV
Medical Marijuana May Soon Be Marketed as Kosher
Police summoned to rescue a Kit Kat bar
Russia's Vladimir Putin says war with Ukraine 'unlikely'
Driver "doing donuts" outside Wal-Mart dies after fiery crash in North Richland Hills
Local Fox News anchor uses racial slur to describe Lady Gaga's music
Oklahoma Legislature Targets AP US History Framework for Being 'Negative'
Urinating man in Star Trek claim
Public university to give students crash course on road head, history of sex in cars
Idaho lawmaker asks if woman can swallow camera for gynecological exam before medical abortion
News Anchor Kristi Capel Says Lady Gaga Sings 'Jigaboo Music'
Local News Anchor Calls Lady Gaga 'Jigaboo' Music, Apologizes
Kevin Garnett is not afraid to throw teammates' phones in the toilet.
'Vladimir Putin is advised by ALIENS': Councillor blames space reptiles for conflict in Ukraine
ISIS Burns Musical Instruments: Call Drums 'Un-Islamic'
Lawmaker asks if swallowed camera be used for female exam
Detroit to get its first Applebee's.
Whitby councillor claims aliens are influencing President Putin's actions in the Ukraine conflict
Texting this phone number will get you 'anything you want as long as it's not illegal'
Prosecutors Claim Chris Kyle's Killer Was Influenced by Seinfeld
Queer activists vandalise 'GAYTM' cash machine
Kanye West To Make Video Game About His Dead Mother Going to Heaven
Man steals scratch off tickets and runs across frozen Pittsburgh river.
Police Find Hidden Cave With Live Ammo, Illegal Gambling Machines at California Home
Cocaine Snorting Oscar Statue Removed from Hollywood Boulevard
Koala caught trying to drive car
Drunk Woman Drives to Leelanau County Sheriff's Office to Bond Out Drunk Friend
Fake Jim Carrey Fools Czech Awards Show Organizers
Australian Schoolboy finds Koala trying to drive a car
Iran: Foreign minister told to smile at nuclear talks
Obituary Cites Man's Death as "Uppercut from Batman"
Police Hunt Frozen's Queen Elsa Over Cold Snap
Elsa from 'Frozen' arrested again
Anti-Abortion Lawmaker Clearly Doesn't Understand Female Anatomy
Study finds possible cure for peanut allergies: Peanuts
Broome crab racing season in doubt as famous crustacean hat goes missing
California Should Have an Embassy in Washington, Lawmaker Says
Nutella jar caused house fire that killed family dog: officials
PPI Razor GTR Audi R8 Spyder by Speed Design
Roy Moore: Do Two Bisexuals Or Two 'Transgendered' Marrying Create 'A Family Of Four'?
Lawmaker asks if swallowed camera can be used for female exam
Idaho lawmaker wonders if women can undergo a vaginal exam by swallowing a tiny camera
Marshawn Lynch applies to trademark "I'm just here so I won't get fined"
Leaked cables show Netanyahu's Iran bomb claim contradicted by Mossad
Power Ranger accused of killing flatmate with sword
The art of exclusion: A wall that segregated a town's Roma becomes an "art project"-which still segregates the town's Roma
German atheists seek recognition for 'Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster'
Man Fatally Struck By Amtrak Train While Posing For Selfie
Apple is finally set to roll out racially diverse emoji
Ohio Fox Anchor Calls Lady Gaga's Music 'Jigaboo' In Front Of Black Colleague
Knox Grammar erected a memorial to one of its paedophile teachers reading 'he touched us all', royal commission hears
Victorian schoolboy finds koala trying to steal family car
Chinese dance troupe 'cultlike'? Far from it | Star Tribune
Report: Michael Sam to take part in 'Dancing with the Stars'
Alleged Rapist Tells Police He Was Acting Out '50 Shades of Grey'
Man tried making love to an ambulance in Barnstaple bus station
Vladimir Putin is being advised by aliens, says Labour councillor
This Guy Wants to Save Robots From Abusive Humans
Judge officiates man's marriage, then sentences him for crime spree
Student charged with sexual assault tells police he was re-enacting 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
Idaho Lawmaker asks if swallowed camera be used for female exam
Man Tosses Drugs from Vehicle, Lands on Hood of Police Car
American Horror Story's Ben Woolf Dies From Injuries Sustained After Getting Struck by Car Mirror
Knox Grammar erected a memorial to one of its paedophile teachers reading 'he touched us all'
Local Fox anchor complains about Lady Gaga's 'jigaboo music' during Oscars coverage
Kanye West is building a video game in which you help his late mother get into heaven
Kanye West Is Working on a Video Game - It's a tribute to his mom
Man tells cops he was drunk when he stole horse for ride to Mardi Gras parade
Stop the press! 23 foot long tunnel found in Canada.
ASoX9 Does It Really Work? Can It Make You Bigger Or Even Harder At All?
School erected a memorial to one of its paedophile teachers reading 'he touched us all'.
Fatwa authorizes anal jihad
Single mom jumped, screamed when she won Powerball prize
Muslim Brotherhood Authorizes 'Anal Jihad' for Lonely Terrorists
Pope Francis leaving the Vatican for a few days to go on "spiritual renewal retreat"
Apple To Release Racially Diverse Emoji Keyboard; Texting Update Includes Black Grandpa, Asian Santa
Sir Winston Churchill's blood up for sale at auction
Sex assault charges tied to 'Fifty Shades of Grey' movie
Nicolas Cage joins Oliver Stone's "Snowden"
Idaho lawmaker has no idea how vaginas work
Police: Gwinnett woman uses purse to steal 6 lobsters
Cops instructed to take a step back, close your eyes and take a deep breath during tense situations
Hanahan Police arrest Frozen's Elsa in connection with cold weather in the area
School memorial for pedophile teacher read "he touched us all"
College student accused of rape claims he was reenacting '50 Shades of Grey'
Two HS Girls Basketball Teams Removed from Playoffs for Allegedly Trying to Lose
Video Shows Fort Lauderdale Cop Slapping Homeless Man Who Wanted to Use Restroom: "You're Not Going to Pee!"
Sweden's Multicultural Center Expert on Islamophobia Joins ISIS
Man, 28, Dies After 'Guzzling' Viagra During 12-Hour Romp
Teen busts koala trying to drive family car
Keith Olbermann calls Penn State students "pitiful" after raising $13 million for kids with pediatric cancer
Sweden clears way for gender equal snow ploughs
The New Saudi King Is Kicking Off His Reign With a $32 Billion Gift to His People
Idaho lawmaker asks if woman can swallow camera for gynecological exam before medical abortion | Star Tribune
Family dog killed after Nutella jar sparks house fire
We Are All Samantha: Eduardo Casanova on His Short Film About a Girl with an Asshole on Her Face
Dubai: Infant 'lost' in taxi among list of missing items reported to RTA
Lawmaker asks if swallowed camera be used for female exam: Idaho Rep. Vito Barbieri received a brief lesson on female anatomy
X-post r/astronomy Astronomer studies Simpsons moon, deduces Springfield is not in America
Crab hat's 'drive-by return' means Broome crab races can continue
Canadian 'freezeway' could let residents skate to work
'Nutella jar house blaze' kills Twickenham family's dog
Doncaster man apologises for flying Nazi flag outside home
Office Cleaning In Melbourne
'Nutella jar house blaze' kills dog
Paedophile teacher immortalised on school memorial with the words 'He touched us all'
Terrifying Trend: "Digital Kidnappers" Are Stealing Baby Photos From Instagram And Using Them For Online Role-Play
Black Death: Gerbils Blamed For Plague
Daily Express 'Journalist' exposed as low IQ binge drinker...
Waffle House becomes an unlikely competitor to FedEx and UPS
Doctor Opens Exclusive Members-Only Plastic Surgery Subscription Club
City Hall Considers Rubbing Out Massage Parlors
Idaho lawmaker asks if women can swallow cameras for gynecology exams, question goes viral
City Hall Considers Rubbing Out Adult Massage Parlours
Turkish Men Are Wearing Miniskirts to Fight for Women's Rights
Lenovo cuts out the middleman and supplied laptops already infected with malware
Idaho Lawmaker Wonders If Women Could Have A Gyno Exam By Swallowing A Tiny Camera
Man Smashes Shop Windows While Ranting About 'Zombie Apocalypse': NYPD
Out of fear of racism, Sweden changes the names of bird species
Apple adds racially diverse emoji, and they come in five skin shades.
Swede's 21st balloons dubbed 'IS' propaganda
Weather And School Cancellations
Marshawn Lynch files trademark for 'I'm just here so I don't get fined'
Anti-vaxxer Spokane official says 'tinfoil hat-wearing folks' deserve representation, too
Air France Jet Stranded in Manchester as Pilot Runs Out of Hours
Farrakhan: Giuliani Grew Up a 'Privileged Cracker Devil'
After the New Saudi King promised to distribute his $30 billion to his people, one father celebrated by showering his newborn son with money[Video]
Mindblowing Microscopic Footage of Cancer Cells Being Eliminated by Cannabis Oil
Flag collector apologises after flying Nazi swastika outside his house 'by mistake'
Here Is Proof That New York Tabloids Only Know One Jay Z Song
Fake Jim Carrey fools Czech Lion Awards staff, makes it on stage
Actor who plays new Sixers' mascot Franklin hates Sixers, Philadelphia sports in past tweets.
The Government Loan Program With a 116 Percent Default Rate
Eating peanuts prevents allergy
Google hooks up with group formerly known as ISIS to battle Apple Pay
Nutella fire sparks message to Glastonbury witches: cover your crystal balls
Arabian McLovin charged with rape for reenacting Fifty Shades of Grey
Portland Just Installed Water Pipes That Generate Electricity!
Thief sought for joy-riding across D-FW in 11-foot-tall, $100,000 monster truck
When did insanity become the standard in the United States?
Birthday Balloons taken to be IS-propaganda
Alleged thieves butt-dial boss, tell him about stealing company equipment.
More than 40 Danish websites hacked by Jarino8
Two girls HS basketball teams suspended after both tried to lose the same game
Facebook alternative 'Muslim Face' to be launched soon
Getting high on God with former addicts at Red Letter Ministries
IDF soldiers train for UFO hack attack
Neil Patrick Harris Insists He Didn't Stuff His Underwear to Make His Penis Look Bigger at the Oscars
Cleveland Browns Logo Evolution: Respect the past. Represent the future.
19 Manatees Seeking Warm Water Get Stuck in Drain
Student arrested after re-enacting 'Fifty Shades of Grey' scene
After 8 centuries, rats exonerated in spread of Black Death. Gerbils implicated.
Rs 1,00,786 bounty on Muslim cleric who called Shiva 'messenger of Islam'
21 or IS? Swedish woman's birthday balloons mistaken for Islamic State initials
Lawsuit accuses Comcast, Al Sharpton of discriminating against black-owned media
Argument over sex leads to tricycle assault, deadlock twisting
Angry White Buddhists Protest the Dalai Lama
Boko Haram terrorists caught after disguising themselves as women... but not shaving their beards off
A Court Put a 9-Year-Old in Shackles for Stealing Chewing Gum-an Outrage That Happens Every Single Day
Texas Wants to Un-Marry Lesbian With Cancer
Two schools tossed from Tennessee postseason for 'playing to lose' to avoid tougher opponent
Comcast, Al Sharpton Hit With $20 Billion Racial Discrimination Lawsuit
Cleveland Browns' new logos unveiled for 2015 NFL season
Paedophile teacher immortalised on school memorial gates with the words 'He touched us all'
Secretive "Black Ops" Police warehouse in Chicago.
UIC student charged with assault said he was re-enacting 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
A Swedish convert to Islam who appeared on Swedish television to warn Swedes about the dangers of "Islamophobia" is now waging jihad for the Islamic State
Virginia measure could put PETA out of the animal shelter business
Swedish police take down girl's 21st birthday balloons after they were misconstrued as ISIL symbol.
Cleveland Browns Unveil New Logo, Basically Nothing Has Changed
Roman Catholic Priest Arrested For Smoking Marijuana With Underage Boys
CNN's MH370 expert believes Vladimir Putin ordered Russian special ops to steal the missing plane and secretly landed it at huge space port in Kazakhstan
Xbox One Burgers Now Available in Hong Kong
Well Done, Apple. Now Fix Your Sexist Emojis
Lawmaker asks if swallowed camera can be used for gynecological exam
Keith Olbermann Calls Penn State Raising More Than $13 Million For Cancer Research "Pitiful"
Guys unsuccessful attempt to become Irelands football manager
'No obstacle' to gays marrying, just not each other, says bishop
South Carolina city *actually arrests* Elsa on charges of creating a cold front.
Bathroom explodes, man inside
Infant starved to death due to mom using breast milk for porn
Massachusetts Man Is Shipping Our Record-Breaking Snow for $89
billionaire's wife wants $1 million a month after divorce
Cleveland Browns unveil new logo that's just as boring as before
Georgia Human-Animal Hybrid Bill Prevents Creation of Mythological Creatures such as Werewolves and Centaurs
Man who had sex with a postbox is found dead behind a Chinese restaurant
Lightsaber used as weapon during domestic dispute
American Family Association Creates 'Bigotry Map Featuring Dozens of Atheist, Humanist, and Pro-LGBT-Rights Groups
How the Cleveland Browns spent two years to arrive at subtle changes to their logos
Man who had sex with postbox found dead behind restaurant
Cleveland Browns take two years to create a new logo. End up only changing the colors.
Xbox One Burgers Are On Sale In Hong Kong
American Family Association releases national map identifying anti-Christian groups in America
ISIS is recruiting new terrorists with a great pancake recipe
Man who tried to have sex with postbox while drunk found dead
Waffle House: Why It's Competing Against FedEx
I know what would solve crisis in the NHS, says Tory MP: astrology
5 months on Appalachian Trail challenges, changes hiker
David Tredinnick, Tory MP, Urges NHS Doctors To Use Astrology To Treat Patients
Russian man kills his neighbor by shoving his foot up his anus
Street Fighter V will feature the character that always dies.
Did 'Sesame Street' Go Too Far Yesterday When Big Bird Ate An American Flag?
Jetstar passenger drinks, gropes seatmate, pleasures himself, gets arrested
A bill guaranteeing the right of parents to seek therapy for "same-sex attraction" for their minor children cleared the Oklahoma House of Representatives committee on Children, Youth and Family Services on Tuesday morning.
'Conversion therapy' bill adopted by House committee
Guy Fieri Officiates Mass Gay Wedding in Florida Flavortown
Report: Saudis might help Israel attack Iran in exchange for progress in peace process
"IS-propaganda" was birthday balloons
Revenge porn boss wants Google to remove his "identity related" info
New York City MTA thinks it's ok for bus driver's to run over pedestrians
Nevada lawmaker says cancer is a fungus, recommends simply washing it out.
IOWA FISHING TOURNAMENT CHEATERS CHARGED WITH FELONY
Official: Truck driver says he mistakenly turned onto tracks in California rail crash
Texas Family Doesn't Understand Why Police Shot Man Pointing Gun At Them
CNN: Ladies, ISIS Is Coming for You With Kittens, Nutella, Fun Emojis
Girl claims Shea Weber slapshot removed wisdom teeth
New York Times Worried That Allowing Cubans to Have More Money Will Increase 'Income Inequality'
Swedish man gets disability benefits after his heavy metal obsession is declared an 'addiction'
Net neutrality expert doesn't seem to know much about net neutrality
Waffle House to expand into package delivery, will pay drivers in waffles
Anti-LGBT Christian Group Lists 6 Bay Area Groups On 'Bigotry Map'
Japanese robot bear nurses soon to care for rapidly ageing population
After the Arrests of 6 Bus Drivers, MTA Asks for 'Fairness'
Tory MP urges doctors to use astrology to treat patients, says non-believers are 'racist'
Boehner, McConnell: Pipeline veto purely political
Rats may have been exonerated in the Black Death, to the delight of that one creepy friend of yours
Godzilla hotel to open in Japan
The Japanese Government And Turkey Are Currently Using ISIS In Order To Revive Their Empires In Preparation For World War III
Paedophile teacher immortalised in school memorial with the words 'He touched us all'
Poonado! The moment divers were caught up in a 30-metre wide bowel movement as sperm whale unleashed its rare - and revolting - defence mechanism
Family Buries Wrong Body After Crime Lab Mix-Up
Not keeping up with Kardashians benefits dog sled guide
Nutella jar starts fire in home which kills family dog and leads to warning about keeping glass items on windowsills.
Godzilla Hotel Opening in Japan
Grandma Maced By Police For Bringing Cupcakes To Granddaughter's Classroom
Guy Fieri officiates 101 gay weddings in Miami
Denture style USB flash drive for spies
Student recreates 50 shades of grey sex scene
BBQ Bandit Strikes Again
Quebec school has no French teacher, using Rosetta Stone instead
79-year-old arrested for shooting nephew in foot over $20, Mobile police say
Schoolboy falls 1,640 feet in ski resort after taking a selfie
Harry Reid dons sunglasses in the Capitol
Nurse hit by falling Weetabix boxes awarded €135,000
Lattes Less Likely to Spill Than Coffee; Same Principle May be Applied to Gas and Oil Transportation
Convicted killer through to next round of X Factor
Saudi Arabia Arrests Men For Dancing Because It Makes People Gay
Vial of Winston Churchill's Blood to Be Sold at Auction
Watch two high school girls basketball teams try to tank the same game
Muslims Predict Jesus Will Defeat ISIS, Beginning in 2015
First Applebee's Coming to Detroit
Tennessee Girls High School Basketball Teams Banned for Both Trying to Throw Same Game
Man who tried to have sex with post box is found dead
(Not) for Sale: Get Paid $5K to Haul Away 'Skyway to Nowhere'
Being human is key to successful democracy says former chair of the National Endowment for the Humanities
33-year-old man gets a 3-month-old to give him a blowjob, gets caught when baby chokes on condom
The New Zealand X-Factor let convicted killer Shae Brider into bootcamp.
Bill allows beer tasting for 18-year-old students
Sweden renames a bunch of birds, to make sure others don't think they're racist.
Lawmaker asks about swallowing a camera, gets lesson on female anatomy
NV Lawmaker: Cancer is a Fungus That Can Be Flushed Out
Derrick Rose to undergo knee surgery again
15-year-old steps down from startup because ... high school
Giant plant waits 80 years to bloom, immediately begins dying
The Chi-Town Dream Ends
"America's youngest mayor, Bobby, 4, puts his campaign for second term as head of Minnesota town on hold as he goes fishing".
NYPD using 'Road House' movie to teach cops how to 'be nice'
Company plans to sell kosher marijuana in NY
High-speed chase along I-70 ends under a mattress
Choose Lattes Over Coffee: Foam Physics Keeps Drink In Cup
$1 million lawsuit for police beating expected to cost time and money.
City Forced To Allow 'Reason Station' Alongside 'Prayer Station'
Jeb Bush: 'I don't understand' why anyone is upset about the NSA
Whole World Dumbfounded to Learn That Pot Was Illegal in Jamaica Until Now
Muslims predict Jesus will defeat ISIS.
Religious leaders aim high to make kosher marijuana available
Mom Upset School Colored In Son's Haircut With Marker
Police attacker in 'Star Trek captain' claim
Artist microwaves a new golden Majora's Mask-Themed Limited Edition Nintendo 3DS
Man who tricked woman into sex following online dating encounter avoids jail
New Mexico State Senate highlights Azerbaijan's model of tolerance
Rabbis push to make kosher marijuana available
Black state Sen. Velmanette Montgomery (D-Clinton Hill) gentrification claim: 'White people don't eat the way we do'
electronic cigarette in bangladesh
Asians are not impressed with Apple's "diverse" yellow emoji
Man who had sex with horses needs help, judge tells court
David Tredinnick, Tory MP, Says NHS Doctors Could Use Astrology To Treat Patients
Astrology could help take pressure off NHS doctors, claims Conservative MP
Cocktail bar full of live owls to open in London
Hundreds sign petition against London's first 'owl bar' amid concerns over birds' welfare
City water troubles just beginning, Benjamin says: 'We're not going to beat this one before the system goes down'
Deaf Rappers Fight to be Heard in a Field Dominated by Sound
Tory MP calls for NHS to use astrology to treat patients and take pressure off doctors
Russia: Rehab plan for alcoholic bears
Judge in Batista's Insider Trading Case Acknowledges Driving Seized Porsche
Tory MP who sits on both the Health Select Committee and the Science and Technology Select Committee says that astrology has "a role to play in healthcare".
Swedish police visit couple after passerby mistakes '21' balloon for 'IS' and believes they are Isis supporters
Top Cop in Maharashtra Used 'Black Magic' to Solve Rationalist Narendra Dabholkar's Murder, Says Politician
Sword fight at Dubai hotel leads to four arrests
Floating Strip Club Accused Of Dumping Poop Into Harbor
Canadian PM Harper urges swift passage of "anti-terror" bill; says public strongly supports bill, so little scrutiny of it is needed
A cherry manufacturing king committed suicide in a Brooklyn factory after his business was exposed Tuesday as a "Breaking Bad"-style drug den
Women's college theater group cancels 'Vagina Monologues' amid concerns that it could offend transgender people
De Blasio Drops Consent Forms for Blood-Sucking Circumcision Ritual
Massachusetts man selling, shipping snow from his yard
Cancer is a fungus and you can cure it with salt water.
Balancing my Blog and Everyday Life - OMG mommy moments
A Rational Conversation: Is EDM Easy Listening Now?
I knew I had to stop overeating when the local Chinese takeaway memorised my address...
Well that's one way to get rid of it....
'Blaxicans' found a home south of the border
Spain wants to ban drunk walking.
NYC, Orthodox Jews reach deal on circumcision suction ritual
Christian singer who sold his song to "Fifty Shades of Grey": "I thought it was a rom-com"
Fat Bastard Named Skim Milk Destroys Travis Kelce In Rodeo Dance-Off
Two Ex-Army Rangers Believe Flip Flops And Sarongs Will Defeat ISIS
Harry Reid puts on sunglasses. 'Deal with it,' responds Internet.
Swedish Police Raid Apartment After Mistaking 21st Birthday Party Balloons for ISIS Initials
Canadian 'Freezeway' Will Let Commuters Ice Skate To Work | Popular Science
NYPD channels Road House to urge officers to keep cool the Swayze way
Ted Cruz advocates for human space exploration
28-year-old man accused of assaulting 92-year-old girlfriend because she didn't take her meds
Jeffrey Oppenheim hurt in lavatory explosion in Rhode Island restroom
Watch: Man survives being thrown by bathroom blast
Jackie Chan gives haircut to son newly released from jail
Boko Haram terrorists dressed as women to escape Nigerian army, but their big, bushy beards gave them away
The Islamic State threatens to come to Rome; Italians respond with travel advice
Republicans Say Stomachs Connect to Vaginas and that Cancer is a Fungus
Man eats 182 slices of bacon in one sitting
Johnson & Johnson Loses Trial Over Risperdal And Male Breasts. The lawsuit was brought by the family of an autistic boy who took the drug in 2002 and later developed size 46 DD breasts.
School Bus Aide Accused of Stealing School Lunch and Money From Preschoolers
Phoenix peanut-butter maker needs votes to pitch to Shark Tank celebrity
Morrissey: I nearly voted for Ukip. I like Nigel Farage a great deal
blogger says rape should be legal on private property to be a learning experience for women
Philippine team cuts Daniel Orton for insulting Manny Pacquiao, compares it to insulting Martin Luther King in America
Lebron James isn't happy that his 10 - year-old is getting college offers
German panel on anti-Semitism ripped for not including Jews
LeBron James wants colleges to stop recruiting his 10-year-old son
Man, 28, charged with assaulting his 92-year-old girlfriend.
Nutella jar blamed for sparking London housefire
Japanese juice company invents robot that feeds you tomatoes while you run
KFC Introduces Edible Cookie Coffee Cups in the UK
Inside Sour Patch Kids' Brooklyn Crash Pad for Indie Bands
US Tourists get stuck in sand after trying to drive to island two miles off Welsh coast
Condom vending machines introduced to prisons in California
Maryland man plows snow with motorized toilet
LeBron isn't happy that his 10-year-old is getting college letters
Revenge Porn Dude Wants His Personal Info Removed From Internet
Nutella jar causes fire
Amsterdam Has Officially Run Out of Spaces to Park Its Bicycles
The man who ran a revenge porn website is asking Google to remove his own private photos
Nutella jar, sunlight to blame for house fire that killed dog
Alaska Legalizes Recreational Marijuana, Prompting Sarah Palin's Town To Ban Pot Brownies
Man sells New England snow, 6 lbs. for $89, makes profit.
Anti-Feminist Wants Rape Legalized On Private Property To Teach Women A Lesson
Roger Federer upsets Pakistani fans with Indian cricket jersey
TIL : Lewis Hamilton finally showed his beast - Pagani Zonda 760LH
Maraschino Cherry Company Was a Massive Drug Front
Man tries to produce counterfeit money using table napkins
Swedish balloons mistaken for Islamic State propaganda
Ex-NBAer fired from Philippine Basketball Team after making fun of Many Pacquiao's basketball ability
Men have hands amputated and replaced with bionic ones
San Francisco Parents Shocked to Learn that Catholic Schools Are Catholic
University drops racial descriptions from crime alerts
KFC to offer edible coffee cups - Telegraph
Twerking is a portal to the universe and arses are transcending time
Stripper blames club for drunk wreck: awarded 100k
Scottish Soccer player denies pelting McDonald's staff with Mcmuffins.[xpost from r/soccer]
Refracted rays from Nutella jar blamed for UK house fire
Britons most likely to draw a penis on dirty cars, absurd study finds
Sochi's Alcoholic Bears Heading to Rehab
Female Teachers in Russia Told by Official to Find Rich Husbands
Chris Brown rejected at Canadian border
28 year old man arrested for assaulting 93 year old girlfriend
Brigitte Bardot helps put alcoholic bears in rehab
Darnell Dockett talks to youth football team about drugs, strip clubs
Karmic justice for family making $60 million who expected free dog sledding services
KFC will soon sell coffee cups you can eat.
Nutella And Sun Blamed For House Fire, London Firefighters Warn Against Dangers Of Deadly Combination
Wesleyan University creates all-inclusive acronym: 'LBTTQQFAGPBDSM'
For sale: Boston snow, starting at $19.99
Born-again Mafia boss arrested after baptism video put on YouTube
Rep. Sheila Butt Says we need an NAAWP to stand up for white people
Man charged with stealing bridge
Alan Partridge to be honoured with a statue in Norwich
Man's Fake Gun Breaks Apart During Robbery Attempt At A Taco Bell In San Francisco
Wesleyan Now Offering LGBTTQQFAGPBDSM Housing
Sochi's (Russia) Alcoholic Bears to Undergo Rehab in Romania.
Man Taking Stolen Snowplow on Drunk Joyride Crashes Into Parked Car: DA
University of Minnesota removes race description from Crime Alerts
Florida mother sends badly bruised child to school wearing T-shirt proclaiming 'good woopin'
Are NYPD Officers Watching 'Road House' As Training?
'I was chasing an owl,' driver explains crash to police
Texas legislators celebrated the 10th birthday of their same-sex marriage ban with cake
Serious House Fire Blamed On Nutella Jar
GOP lawmaker sees cancer as a 'fungus'
Fake gun breaks apart as suspect attempts to rob Taco Bell in San Francisco
Warren Buffet stays young by eating like a 6 yr old. Has 5 cans of coke a day.
Arrowhead completes $662K renovation of basketball locker rooms
Majority Of Republican Primary Voters Want To Violate The First Amendment
Republicans propose declaring Idaho a 'Christian state'
'We apologise to all': Nazi tattoos removed from Auckland discount store's shelves
NYT grants anonymity to woman who 'always wanted to be an anonymous source'
Watch LeBron James Diss McDonald's, Then Remember They Pay Him
Italian actress Ornella Muti faces 8 months jail or 30,000 euro fine for skipping play to dine with Putin
Lenovo got hacked, HARD!
Fake gun falls apart during attempted robbery of Taco Bell
After US, European Union diplomats in Delhi to get air purifiers
Bassist Quits Band Over Unending Group Text
George Harrison memorial tree, killed by beetles, to be replaced today
Dutch town takes up umbrellas against rogue owl attacks
Elsa arrested: Will this end our frozen winter?
Lady Gaga to star in 'American Horror Story' next season
Rats May Be Exonerated in European Plague, Say Scientists With a Gerbil Theory
Feces left on front door of an apartment. Re-post from r/illnois
Baylor releases RB for taking financial assistance from a family friend in order to not be homeless...
Poll: 54% of Republicans say that, "deep down," Obama is a Muslim
LeBron James disses McDonald's, one of his sponsors
Taco Bell Patrons Scared by Guy With Fake Gun
Time Warp Turntable Jams - Songs Used by The CIA to Torture
Argie Bargy After Submarine Surfaces In Middle of Kiddie Regatta
Owl attacks prompt Dutch town to arm itself with umbrellas
Police confuse '21' birthday balloons for Islamic State initials
Smokes PCP and plays GTA before reaching 3 star wanted level
Oregon's Hat-Snatching Owl Gains Fame
After Car Chase, Guy Picked a Hiding Place So Bad It Actually Made Police Laugh | Video
Limited Edition Xbox One Hamburgers Now Available
Mystery man dug a 33' hole with a chamber in Toronto
Homosexuality Causes Cancer, Says Irish Anti-Gay Marriage Group
Memphis man, 28, accused of assaulting 92-year-old girlfriend
First human head transplant could happen in two years
Tissue Paper-for-Venezuelan Oil Swap Offered by Trinidad
Maraschino Cherry Tycoon Owner Shoots Himself After Police Discover His Factory Is Actually a Front for Growing Pot
In fishy opinion, Justice Kagan cites Dr. Seuss
Obese women accused of killing her nephew by "rolling over" on him, acquitted
Religious Fundamentalists Attempted To Sell Daughter Into Arranged Marriage
Donald Trump is upset that a Mexican won best picture
28-year-old man charged with assaulting 93-year-old girlfriend
28 year old man assaults his 92 year old girlfriend
Switzerland Wants Its People to Stop Ordering Cheap German Pizza
Cornell researchers find safest place to hide from zombies
'Dying Light' special edition includes zombie-proof log cabin
Maraschino Cherry Tycoon Kills Self As Authorities Close In On Drug Den
Texas lawmakers celebrate 10 years of anti-LGBT bigotry with cake
A man who made a living posting women's nude pictures online without their consent-has now asked Google to remove his own photo and information from the internet
[X-Post from /r/News] Actress Emma Thompson and her husband refuse to pay 'a penny more' in taxes until HSBC tax evaders go to jail.
28 Year Old Man Accused Of Assaulting 93 Year Old Girlfriend
Winston Churchill's blood to be auctioned
NY maraschino cherry tycoon kills self as inspectors discover pot business
Are you worried about the UN taking over the Alamo? So is this Texas state senator.
Actress Emma Thompson and her husband refuse to pay 'a penny more' in taxes until HSBC tax evaders go to jail.
Tanzanian families seek safe havens for albino children, fear attacks: TRFN
Officals searching for missing house in Klamath Falls
De Blasio to Lift Consent Form Requirement for Circumcision Ritual
Oshkosh's tortured cries for a KFC stretch into sixth year
Officials in Oregon searching for missing house
Students See Male Professors As Brilliant Geniuses, Female Professors As Bossy And Annoying
Woman gets 11 to 30 years for killing masturbating grandfather
Ahead of winter storm, Georgia delays woman's execution
Rabbi who presided over gay wedding leads Texas House in prayer
A Netherlands Town is Under Siege by an Owl
NSA staffers rake in Silicon Valley cash/ Former employees of the National Security Agency are becoming a hot commodity in Silicon Valley amid the tech industry's battle against government surveillance.
Anti-thumb-sucking device almost kills North Bay boy
LARGE CONDOMS BLAMED FOR SPIKE IN STD CASES AMONG TEENAGERS
Animal control officer saves chicken found at bar - Kent County News - myeasternshoremd.com
USA and Japan to compete in the first "Nascar Race" on the Moon.
LGBTTQQFAGPBDSM? Housing for 15 Alternative Sexualities Is OK, but Men-Only Fraternities Are Not, Wesleyan University Says
China's super-rich communist Buddhists
5 year old's mom burns his hands for eating cookies.
57-Year-Old Georgia Man Meets 15-Year-Old Boy on Grindr, Sends Him Package of Sex Toys and Men's Underwear
Rob Ford's crack confession necktie for sale on eBay
Warren Buffett's secret to staying young: "I eat like a six-year-old."
First-ever human head transplant possible by 2017, says neuroscientist
Man who had sex with a horse 'needs help', says Ballarat judge
Man tried to sneak 109 bags of crack cocaine into Iowa Jail.
5-year-old boy claims to have lived past life as Chicago woman
Conservative Texas politicians celebrate gay marriage ban anniversary with birthday cake.
PASTOR'S WIFE FINED FOR PRAYING TOO LOUD
A Canadian crisis: Farmers worried maple syrup could be tapped out this year
Napping reverses health effects of poor sleep, study finds
A man broke his wife's nose by punching her in the face with a McChicken Sandwich
Entire Hungarian village for rent: includes horses, cows and a bus stop
Van Gogh, the one-eared painting cat with a talent for art
Pat Robertson says aliens are impossible because God just wouldn't allow it
KFC is Launching Edible Coffee Cups Made of Cookies and Chocolate
Company on board with Singles Night at Safeway
NT woman lights fire to scare snake, burns down caravan
Principal Compares Cyberully Kids To Iraqi Insurgents, Officially Becomes Greatest Principal Ever
New police squad aims to curb drug use, shoplifting, defecating
Fake monks are using the bracelet scam in San Francisco
Man who had sex with postbox found dead outside Chinese restaurant
Rogue European eagle owl attacks in Dutch town see victims requiring hospital treatment
College apologizes for Black History Month menu of chicken, collard greens
Did United Put a Whole Route in the Sky for One Very Important Passenger?
Online Petition Asks For The Reannexation Of The Philippines To The United States
Instagram account exposes congressman who blew public funds on private flights and concerts
Share price of South Korea's biggest condom maker surges after court decriminalises adultery
North Carolina Lobbyists Can Officially Screw Politicians Legally
Accused 'revenge porn site' operator: Take down my private photos
Officials Celebrate 10 Years of Texas' Same-Sex Marriage Ban by Cutting a Cake
Cherry tycoon kills himself amid drug raid on factory
Black hole breaks records, swallows up scientific theory
KFC's 'Scoff-ee Cup' Is An Edible Coffee Cup That Smells Like Grass And Sunscreen
Ford's New Idea: a Car That Can Be Turned Into a Bicycle
No jail, but judge slams Deepak Dhankar for online deception that led to tryst
What happened in your hometown this week?
Portland installs turbines in their city water pipes, powers city by flushing toilets
Restaurateur who had critics raving about his pizzas finally admits they're from the supermarket freezer (but he's going to keep serving them anyway)
Alcoholic Russian bears to move to Romania to sober up
50 Shades Reenactment Lands Indian Guy In Jail For Sexual Assault
Judge Orders Billionaire's Porsche Seized And Then Drives It Himself
'Ice Road Truckers' Star Tim Zickuhr GUILTY of Prostitute Kidnapping
Suspected robber knocked himself out with his own boomeranging brick
College Student Accused Of Brutal Rape, Uses 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' As His Defense
German 'fish mafia' jailed over 'sandwich war'
Dunkin' Donuts apologises after replacing Hillsborough eternal flames on Liverpool crest with milk shakes
Condom stocks rise in South Korea after adultery becomes legal
Shares of South Korean condom makers surge after national court scraps ban on adultery
Married TV actor wakes up to find his testicles have been STOLEN after he is drugged in Russian bar by attractive blonde working for organ traffickers
College student arrested after 'tying up classmate with belts in his dorm before whipping and raping her in attempt to recreate scene from Fifty Shades of Grey'
Man rides into train station on horseback and abuses staff
The Krispy Kreme where I live had to apologise after naming a half term activity 'KKK Wednesday' - Krispy Kreme Klub
Texas legislature celebrates ban on gay marriage with traditional bigotry cake
Texas conservatives hold controversial cake-cutting over gay marriage ban
صور حزن بنات 2015 - صور بنات كئيبة وحزينة 2016
Married Russian Man Wakes Up To Find Testicles Stolen After Making Out With Mystery Woman
Art of the Day: Banksy Paints Giant Kitten in Gaza to Get Internet's Attention
Man Threatens to Call the Police on Police
David Cameron: I'm a fun and optimistic guy
LA supermarket sells frozen raccoons by the bag
Korean Court Scraps Adultery Ban, Condom Stock Soars
Text messaging alert system developed for pregnant cows
Infants are getting Herpes from Mohuls sucking the blood out of their penis after circumcision
Council orders that lollipop man must stop 'high-fiving' children
Rob Ford auctioning tie he wore during crack admission
Elena Kagan uses Dr. Seuss in case argument
Maya Mural Reveals Ancient 'Photobomb'
Lollipop man must end 'high-fiving'
KFC in Britain to test an edible coffee cup made from a wafer coated in sugar paper and lined with a heat-resistant white chocolate.
Campus leaves out race of criminals if description is vague.
Russian man has testicles STOLEN after he's drugged by woman working for organ traffickers
Orland Park Man Allegedly Followed And Photographed Woman He Believed Was A Celebrity
The Future Of Zoos Is Being Nice To The Animals-Not Making It Easy To Watch Them
Florida naturopath facing charges after treating girl's fatal leukemia with vitamins and vegan diet
First ever human head transplant possible by 2017
Local council orders that lollipop man must stop 'high-fiving' children, citing "safety fears"
Woman kept in a shed for six years after parents locked her up because they hated her boyfriend
Massachusettes man sells "Historic" snow for $89
University named after Christian Theologian John Wesley Offering LGBTTQQFAGPBDSM Housing
Tobogganing will soon be legal in Hamilton
Nailsworth man decides not to go to Iraq to fight ISIS after all
Gypsies given £1m grant 'turned camp into cannabis factory' - Telegraph
Nutella jar sparks massive fire, destroying family's home
Jeremy Guthrie Sneaker Retirement Press Conference
Condom maker's share price rises as South Korea legalizes adultery
Frankenstein-style human head transplant 'could happen in two years'
Amid race concerns, UMN curtails crime suspect descriptions
Kid commits burglary - charged with murder
University bans four football teams after students 'black up' to watch African Cup of Nations in city pub
Japan Is Holding Actual Funerals For Sony's Robotic AIBO Dogs
Man burns house down after partner refuses sex
Sheriff: man tried to sneak 109 bags of crack cocaine into Linn County Jail
Rob Ford sells football tie from crack-cocaine confession on eBay
76-year-old man jailed for feeding stray cats
Facebook flags aboriginal names as not "authentic"
Dogs Using Snowbanks To Flee Yards, Run Rampant In Streets
Scotland's happiest lollipop man banned from dancing and giving kids high-fives by local council.
Why a coffee is more likely to spill than a latte
A mom in a minivan goes in search of a D.C. pot party
Felony Murder: why a teenager who didn't kill anyone faces 55 years in jail
Egypt sentences dead man to life in prison
TV ad for 'world's slimmest phone' banned for objectifying women
Human head transplants coming soon, doctor believes
Warren Buffett Drinks 5 Cokes A Day, Eats Like A Child To Stay Young
There are more men on corporate boards named John, Robert, William or James than there are women on boards altogether
Google AI Learns Classic Arcade Games From Scratch, Would Probably Beat You at Them
Driver Blames Car Crash On Owl: Cops
Woman drunk on hand sanitizer kicks daughter
Go Inside an ISIS Gift Shop
Driver near Seattle blames owl-watching for car crash
Russian Bomber Ushered Out Of Welsh Airspace By Police Chopper Crew Who Threaten To 'Smack Them In The Chops
James Cameron to launch America's first all-vegan elementary school
N. Korea unilaterally increases its factory workers' wages
Missing house in Southern Ore.: 'We had a complete home stolen'
Should we make spelling easier?
Cherry factory owner kills self after raid uncovers marijuana-growing operation
Internet on the road to becoming 'Obamanet'?
Prof: student banned from campus for looking like a rapist
Man assaulted neighbour with his 'big belly', Belfast court hears
N.J. lawmaker wants to count dead peoples' votes
Most Millennials Can't Do a Single Nice Thing for Someone Else
America thinks big bird has gone too far upon his decision to eat an American flag.
Condom maker's shares surge after South Korea legalises adultery
Zombie outbreak? Statistical mechanics reveal the ideal hideout
Condom maker surges after South Korea legalizes adultery
Cody Phillip Gintz Accused Of Robbing Girl Scouts To Feed His Heroin Habit
FCC Approves Net Neutrality Rules For 'Open Internet
Kansas GOP Senator Mary Pilcher-Cook wants to Criminalize "Harmful" books
Massachusetts Man Will Ship "Historic" Snow Anywhere
Angry cricket fans smash eggs on their heads in protest of chief selector's casino visit at World Cup
Giant Owl has a whole town in submission. They carry umbrellas at night due to fear.
Cop who tasered man calmly sitting in his jail cell sues department because they didn't tell him tasering people was wrong.
TV actor wakes up to find his testicles have been stolen after kissing young woman in sauna
Belfast man convicted of 'belly bounce' assault to elderly neighbour
Maraschino cherry king, caught with alleged underground marijuana operation, commits suicide
Finally: A Wearable That Lets You Charge Your Gadgets by Jerking Off
Student Burns Himself to Death after Father Takes Away Video Games
Terrorists use pancake propaganda
Officials searching for missing house in Klamath Falls
Mohammed Emwazi, Jihadi John Suspect, Described As 'Beautiful Young Man' In Farcical Press Conference
Rob Ford puts crack tie up for auction on eBay
Justice Kagan Cites Dr. Seuss To Show Fish Are 'Tangible,' Court Rules They Aren't
Llamas on the lam in Arizona
Speaker Boehner Blows Kisses When Asked About Funding Bill
Four arrested for sword fight in Dubai hotel
WATCH LIVE: Llama chase in Arizona
Assyrian Christians crowdfund an army to reclaim homeland from ISIL
Verizon issues furious response to FCC, in morse code, dated 1934
2 llamas run loose in Arizona retirement community
2 llamas on the loose near Sun City
Llamas lassoed during lengthy Arizona lam
To catch killer canines, Bareilly to paint normal dogs blue
ISIL Opens Two English-Language Schools in Raqqa
27-year-old Seattle man says women fly across the country to be with him because he's a real-life Christian Grey
Jon Stewart On Why He's Leaving 'Daily Show': Conservatives "Killing Me"
Meet the Man Who Paid $85,000 for Ship Your Enemies Glitter
Republican congressman to DC mayor: "You can go to prison" for legalizing marijuana
2 Loose Llamas Lassoed After Running Amok Near Phoenix
Thank you, reddit. Your efforts led to an historic FCC ruling and this note from the President of the United States
BREAKING: Two llamas were on the run today in Arizona - The Washington Post
Finally: A Wearable That Lets You Charge Your Gadgets by Playing With Yourself
Liverpool trial collapses after Muslim witness swears oath on the Bible instead of the Koran
Texas man investigated after posting photo of dead dogs
MBTA escalator eats man's pants
WWII bomb found at Dortmund's stadium
Korean Kids Kicked Out of McDonald's for Throwing $250 French Fry Feast
First human head transplant planned within 2 years
Qatar loses key pre-World Cup tournament because of oppressive summer heat
Llamas on the lam recaptured with lasso after Arizona escape
Llama's lead police on high speed chase
Wearable that lets you charge your devices by masturbating.
UNC's Official Newspaper: "Yoga is Oppressive"
Internet, Divided Over Net Neutrality, Unites Over Llamas
13 year old drinking prodigy accepted to Ohio State
Verizon, angered over net neutrality ruling, issues statement in Morse code
Grumpy Cat Grounded By Blizzard
2 llamas on the lam lassoed after running amok in Phoenix suburb
Fans smash eggs on heads in anger against chief selector.
Belgian PM doused with chips and mayo in the most Belgian protest ever
In bid to curb killer canine attacks, Bareilly officials decide to paint dogs blue
Aston Martin Vulcan - Limited edition with over 800 hp
New Zealand left defenceless as troops take army's only gun to Iraq
JAPANESE JUICE COMPANY INVENTS WEARABLE ROBOT THAT FEEDS YOU TOMATOES WHILE YOU RUN
Fox News is confused about net neutrality, knows it hates Obama
This punk band doesn't let Down syndrome stand in their way
Twitter captivated by Arizona llama drama
Two Llamas on the Lam Lassoed after Running Amuk in Phoenix suburb
Army Spied on Hero Over Amazon Review
Australia's oldest man knits sweaters for oil spill-affected penguins
Grandma drops off kid late to 1st grade, for punishment the child is isolated from the rest of class & barricaded by a cardboard shield so he can't look at anyone directly. FIRST GRADE!
The Packers told A.J. Hawk they were letting him go when he was trapped at sea with 2,500 Ohio State fans
Mom drops off 6-year-old late to 1st Grade, for punishment the child is isolated from the rest of class & barricaded by a cardboard shield for good measure.
Bank robbery suspect arrested after stopping for coffee
Sen. Jim Inhofe Throws Snowball on Senate Floor in Attempt to Debunk Climate Change
Inhofe hurls snowball on Senate floor
Twitter sounds off on Arrowhead's new locker rooms
A high-speed llama chase in Arizona gripped the nation today
Senator tosses snowball on Senate floor to 'prove' there's no global warming
A MARRIED television presenter claims he took a blonde stranger to a Russian sauna - and woke up without his testicles.
PornHub Getting Into Wearable Tech? Presenting: Wankband.
U.S. Senator Holds up Snowball to Disprove Global Warming
Neighbor Torched Sex Offender's Future Home Wisconsin man, 50, faces felony arson charge
Billy Corgan Says He Could Beat Kanye West in a Fight
'WankBand' is a wearable kinetic charger that generates power as you jerk it
There's a giant owl terrorizing a small Dutch town
Madonna's awards-show disaster: Yanked off stage by her giant cape
Llamas on the loose in Arizona: 2 llamas lead police, public on high-speed, entertaining chase
The Plan to Send Two Alcoholic Russian Bears to Rehab - Newsweek
The Plan to Send Two Alcoholic Russian Bears to Rehab
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker said Thursday that his experience taking on thousands of protesters in his state helped prepare him to take on terrorists across the world.
MSNBC Host Feels Sorry For Chris Kyle's Killer: 'His Life Is Ruined'
One of CNN's aviation experts thinks Putin stole missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370
Woman beaten unconscious over hamburger
#SolidGoldClit: Giant Clitoris Statue Unveiled at Sewanee
Done drinking your KFC coffee? Eat the cup
Early Earth Was Purple, Study Suggests
Walker: 'If I Can Take On 100K Protesters, I Can Do The Same' With Islamic Terrorists
Verizon trolls the FCC's net neutrality vote with a blog post written in morse code
It's Only Porn. It's Not The End Of The World. Or Is it?
Actor's testicles STOLEN after being drugged by young woman
Woman mad over grandson's punishment for being tardy
Court rules: Adultery no longer a crime in South Korea
Anti-abortion Idaho Rep. Vito Barbieri ask Doctor if you can swallow a camera to examine a pregnancy.
Richmond man charged with attacking roommate, 79, in dispute over ice cream
KFC to introduce edible coffee cups
ISIS Fears For George R.R. Martin's Health
Legislation Aims To Make It Harder For Kids To Snack On Yummy-Looking Detergent Pods
Order Your Malcolm X Design CARD.com Prepaid MasterCard® Today
Maraschino Cherry Tycoon: The Secret Drug Lair New York City Police Uncovered
Stolen 1,200 Square Ft. Home FOUND. Half mile away.
Georgia Senate Votes To Prohibit Cities From Banning Plastic Bags
Verizon Policy Blog: FCC's 'Throwback Thursday' Move Imposes 1930s Rules on the Internet
Oregon burglars steel entire, NON-wheeled, NON-mobile house.
Oregon burglars steal entire, NON-wheeled, NON-mobile house.
Walker: Protesters prepared him to confront global terrorism
Twenty-five tonnes of pigeon poo found inside ancient monument
Scott Walker Says He Can Take On ISIS Because He Took On Labor Unions
911 Operator Who Told Teen to 'Stop Whining' Now Out of Job
The color of this dress is totally dividing the world. What color do you see?
Cricket World Cup: Six wounded in Afghanistan gunfire celebrations
Two Loose Llamas Lassoed After Running Amok Near Pheonix
Family outraged after detective is pulled off cold murder case, two days after he fundraised to pay for DNA test
An entire home is missing in Oregon
'The Simpsons' Takes Place In Southern Hemisphere, Says Moon Studying Astronomer
Skier Sues Local Friend Following Ski Accident
Astronomer Hints The Simpsons Could Be Set In Australia
Warren Buffett eats like a six-year-old as they have lowest death rate
200 Year Old Monk Reportedly In Deep Meditation And Not Dead
That Squid On Your Plate Could Inseminate Your Mouth
Maraschino cherry tycoon kills himself as cops find 'Breaking Bad' drug lab.
Scott Walker Suggests Protesters Have Prepared Him for Terrorists
The internet is losing its composure over this dress that might be white and gold or black and blue
How Your Friend Sees Blue and Black
Bakery That Sells $12 Bread Loaves Closing Due to Lack of Business: Owner
Taylor Swift Says The Dress is Black and Blue
Jersey City man spends 100 days in jail for stealing pound of mozzarella
American atheist blogger hacked to death in Bangladesh
U.S. Northern Command: Loose Llamas Had No Connection To ISIS
Officials Are Evacuating the City in Kazakhstan Where Villagers Fall Asleep At Random
Plan for first human head transplant in two years
Xbox Live Gamer Suspended For Living In Fort Gay
First Human Head Transplant Could Happen Within Two Years
Mask Ban Results In Arrested Protesters Facing 10 Years In Prison
Dublin hotel tells Ed Sheeran fans to stay in homeless shelters if not happy with its price
Charlton Athletic 'own up' to pitch sex video publicity stunt
Birthday balloons mistaken for IS propoganda
Hospital sorry for text to dead man asking him to rate his experience at A&E two days earlier
Prince Edward Island man tries to produce counterfeit money using table napkins
Calls for equality review after University job applicants asked about menstrual cycle
KFC Plans to Debut Edible Coffee Cups in the U.K.
Clackamas student creates 'lockdown kits' for classrooms
'Scotland's happiest lollipop man' banned from high-fiving kids by council
Putin's teenage fan club: the Russian president's young devotees - in pictures
ISIS FIGHTER CONVERTS TO CHRISTIANITY AFTER ALLAH REFUSES HIM 'ENTRANCE TO GATES OF HEAVEN'
Dutch town on alert after 'terror owl' attacks
50yr old man asked for ID to buy nuts. The photos make it.
Ukip party conference: Dancers in Nazi costumes perform Springtime for Hitler as delegates arrive
Italian Restaurant Old Bridge
Bride unhappy that the borders of her custom-made wedding invitations don't match up
Drunk driver's night goes flat after garda suffers puncture
NSFW: Pornhub jumps into wearables with Wankband
'Fifty Shades of Grey Faces' at cinema stench
LUCAS REIS E THÁCIO VITROLA VÉIA CLIPE OFICIAL
South Carolina college with two out gay athletes bans homosexuality in the name of God
Under U.S. Pressure, PayPal Nukes Mega For Encrypting Files
McDonald's to beef up security at Glasgow restaurant after 200 police incidents occur in 14 months
Sex Box, a show where couples have sex in a box, fails to impress
The Wankband: Charge your phone while pleasuring yourself
Rep. Barry Loudermilk, a Georgia Republican who recently became the chair of a key congressional subcommittee on science and technology, didn't vaccinate most of his children, he told a crowd at his first town hall meeting last week.
This man is on fire: Squamish councillor makes good on campaign promise to set himself ablaze
Pig "prays" All Day at Buddhist Temple, then Slaughtered.
Stunning woman, who says ferrets helped her beat school bullies, launches modelling career
GOP Chair of House Science and Tech Subcommittee: I Didn't Vaccinate My Kids
Fifty Shades Of No Way! Woman Vomits And Soils Herself During Screening
Man pulls down pants and tries to have sex with POSTBOX
Comcast: We'll Sue to Slow Down the Web
Internet argues over color of dress
WankBand is the first gadget that harnesses your, ahem, 'dirty energy'
'Butt-dial' to 911 lands York City man in jail
Scott Walker says battle with Wisconsin unions can ready him for Isis
Saudi Prince Selling NYC Digs With 3 Panic Rooms
Man Who Grew 46DD Breasts Wins $2.5M Drug Suit
Girl beaten and given two black eyes for sitting on a hamburger
City inspector general investigates early-and-often snow plowing on Ald. Ed Burke's street
This is the dumbest thing that happened on the Senate floor today
2 llamas briefly loose in Washington; little drama
Inhofe brings snowball on Senate floor as evidence globe is not warming
Saginaw educator on leave after IUD incident
Llama chase in Arizona captivates nation: How it all began, plus the 911 call.
'Avoiding a full tummy is the secret to long life,' reveals Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe
Russian Actor Drugged, Has Testicles Stolen by "Attractive Blonde"
Pornhub Introduced a New Way to Charge Your Device - The Wankband
A man using excavating equipment dug a 40-foot-long, 12-foot-deep hole in a rural road in the middle of the night and told no one about it.
Kindergarten kids with 'AK-47s' cause outrage in Russia
Pop star Katy Perry visits Auschwitz death camp
Ruble collapse makes bribery more expensive for Russians
Senator Throws Snowball on Senate Floor to Disprove Climate Change
Police: Man went to hospital for headache, had bullet lodged...
Don Lemon interviews a llama on 'Llama Cam'
Hot yoga founder Bikram Choudhury faces more rape claims
White House hopeful Walker: Union battles prepared him to take on Islamic State
Rapper Chamillionaire is now an entrepreneur-in-residence at a venture capital firm
Paul Bennett, British man busted for mailbox sex, found dead behind restaurant
Scott Walker: If I can handle union protests I can handle ISIS.
Charge Your iDevice by Jerking Off - The Wankband
Judge Thrown Off Ex-Billionaire's Trial After Taking Joy Ride in Seized Porsche
Scott Walker: I Crushed Wisconsin Unions, So I Can Handle ISIS
CNN finally gets that live interview with a llama they've been dying for
Atlanta Woman Brutally Beaten Over Hamburger
Pornhub's new wearable charges your phone when you masturbate
In Video: The Great Llama Drama Of 2015
Giant rats that can sniff out TB
Indiana considering 'baby boxes' for safely surrendering infants
'No You're Not!' Former NSA Chief Heckled for Calling Himself a 'Libertarian' at CPAC
SWEDISH MAN DIAGNOSED WITH HEAVY METAL ADDICTION
Scott Walker Wants Colleges to Stop Reporting Sexual Assaults
TIME Magazine Pun Thread: Spock is "Boldly Gone"
New York Times writer shocked at 'fat' Newfoundlanders
Panini press becomes hit for Canfield High School lunches
Moscow Man Wakes Up to Find His Testicles Stolen
City Fails to Protect Cyclists from Broadway Smurf Turds, Again
Abortion is Racist, For Every 1,000 Black Babies Born in New York City, 1,223 are Aborted
Klamath County authorities crack the case of 'stolen' log cabin
Missouri gubernatorial hopeful fatally shoots himself minutes after inviting reporters to his home
Australian Design Company Creates Tent Sneakers for Campers on the Go
MSNBC Host Brings On Bill Nye To Explain 'The Dress'
Police Crash Party Thinking Backwards '21' Balloon Was ISIS Propaganda
Rochester contractor arrested for digging massive hole in street for no apparent reason
Taco Bell Wants to Know If You'd Eat These Cap'n Crunch Icing-Filled Donut Holes
Police use water cannons, tear gas to break up anti-brutality protests in France
Senator James Inhofe throws a snowball on the senate floor to prove climate change doesn't exist.
Man arrested in Duck stabbing
Home> Lifestyle Woman Hires Her Own Impersonator to Attend Friend's Birthday Party
Woman Hires Her Own Impersonator to Attend Friend's Birthday Party
Teacher Accused of Boinking His Student Claims His Cat Opened the Lube
Study: Universe May Have Had No Beginning At All
Robbie Savage escapes driving ban because of abuse he'd get from public
Pittsburgh Pirates sickened to be associated with Murderous Terrorists
Snowball disproves climate change, senator suggests
High School Senior Realizes He's Missed His Chance to be an Anime Protagonist
George Harrison memorial tree killed by infestation of beetles Read more at http://www.nme.com/news/the-beatles/78702#QEo4oByp8HA6mjUB.99
Dear Foolish and Gullible Americans, Net Neutrality is Not Your Friend
103 Year old lady who still drives gets a Waka Flocka Flame song shout out from CNN
American Sniper - The lost Point
This is the best slip and fall article on the web!
PornHub turns masturbation into energy in bid to save the planet
Mystical 8-Year-Old Is Worshipped, Bestowed With Gifts by Wild Crows
George Harrison memorial tree killed by infestation of beetles
Who is Jihadi John? CNN's blooper hints he's... Putin
Activists Want to Send These Alcoholic Russian Bears to Rehab in Romania
'Jihadi John' is Vladimir Putin, According to CNN
After growing 46DD breasts, Alabama man wins $2.5 million from drug company
ZOMBIE DWI: WOMAN ARRESTED FOR TWO DRUNK DRIVING OFFENSES IN SAME NIGHT
Republicans strike back: FCC member invokes Star Wars in net neutrality fight
Montana lawmaker introduces bill that would make wearing yoga pants punishable by life in prison and a $10k fine.
Vets will need to verify lost limbs every three years, instead of annually
Woman Beat Up By Friends After Sitting On Hamburger
'Pervy' teacher claims cats opened bottles of lube
Canadian Vets will need to verify lost limbs every three years, instead of annually
Well, it's settled then. Jim Inhofe's snowball has effectively proven his "climate change is a hoax" theory, once and for all. ‪
Second tree planted in honour of George Harrison after beetles eat original
Verizon and big cable lash out at net neutrality rules - using morse code
Batman wannabe who dressed as caped crusader to fight crime 'molested underage girl'
Veterans Will Need To Verify Lost Limbs Every 3 Years, Instead Of Annually
Woman knocked out in Seattle "drive-by egging
Yodel delivery man used couple's garden as toilet and cleaned himself with 'sorry you weren't in' card
Maine Weighs Revoking Seat Belt Law Days After 75-Car Pileup
Colorado Pushes For Concealed Guns In K-12 Schools : NPR
Corpse Bride: Lizard Necrophilia Reported in Brazil
Here's why iPhone owners only sometimes see accept/decline buttons when receiving calls
Sen. Rand Paul dislikes phone-tapping, 'origami condoms'
Team Xtreme Racing No. 44 NASCAR Sprint Cup car of Travis Kvapil stolen from hotel parking lot
Watch Jim Inhofe Throw a Snowball on the Senate Floor
Opposition is necessary...but we wouldn't vote for them,' most Russians hold
Pirates say they're sickened by photo of Jihadi John in their cap
James Campbell drove with wooden 'passenger' in HOV lane of Long Island Expressway, police say
Texas Lawmakers Celebrate 10 Years of Gay Marriage Ban With Cake
Family opposes outings from psychiatric hospital for man who killed 3 kids in Merritt
Man caught driving in HOV lane with fake wooden passenger on Long Island Expressway
Anti-Putin politician shot dead in Moscow. Investigation to be run by... Putin.
The United States Is Angry That China Wants Crypto Backdoors, Too
Defying Science And Common Sense, New York Bill Would Ban GMOs In Vaccines
Congress Votes to Keep DHS Funded for Another Week
Dog found with paws cut off, getting treatment
Pat Robertson Claims Yoga Forces People To Pray 'To A Hindu Deity'
Mexican Meth Cartel, former school teacher, arrested
Tiffany Earrings Silver For Sale
Uninsured Ex-Sheriff Who Fought Obamacare Struggles To Pay Medical Bills
Leonardo DiCaprio to Play 24 Different Personalities in The Crowded Room
Accused perv teacher blames open lube bottle on his cats
Richard Mack, Sheriff Who Refused Obamacare, Now Begs Strangers For Cash To Pay Medical Bills
Kim Kardashian allegedly spends $100,000 a year to employ a 'professional selfie retoucher'
Loophole Outrage As Gary Glitter To Serve 16 Year Sentence In Juvenile Detention Centre
The 'Wankband' Will Offer Users The Ability To Charge Their Phones And Mobile Devices By Masturbating
'Headless Body in Topless Bar' killer seeks release from prison
Chris Hadfield's flight suit found in Toronto thrift store
Details emerge on naked Velva man (north Dakota)
Net neutrality activists celebrate internet victory with grumpy cat parade
Congressman reimbursed costs for 'Downton Abbey' decor
311 Launching Own Craft Beer & Of Course It's An Amber Ale
Citing Stigma, The University Of Minnesota Removes Race Descriptions In Crime Alerts
PETA Kills a Little Girl's Pet Chihuahua.
Action Movies 2015 FullMovies the best 6
Mass. teen accused of pushing her friend to suicide before using his name for fundraiser
Pet shops, dog breeders irate at cost of plan to stop puppy farms
Should A$AP Ferg Replace Ben Affleck As Batman? A$AP Ferg Weighs In
Pig escapes farm, goes to Buddhist temple and appears to lie down and pray
That dress isn't blue or gold because color doesn't exist
Woman suing herself for negligence over her own driving that caused death of husband
An organization known as the Institute for Science and International Security is apparently really bad at the security portion of their job as they continue to refer to themselves as: ISIS.
Thai temple to build separate toilets for non-Chinese visitors after complaints
How to Monetize Snapchat? Strippers Have It Figured Out
Lenovo offers free security service after adware debacle
Thieves return Lupita Nyong'o's $150,000 Oscars dress 'after realising the pearls on it were fake'
Artist says he included Monica's blue dress in Bill Clinton painting hanging in National Portrait Gallery
Sheriff's Life on the Line
GSK's "happy, horny, skinny pill" has a customer claiming it does just that.
PornHub making wearable tech which turns masturbation into useful energy, enough to charge a smartphone
Saudi Muslim cleric claims the Earth is 'stationary' and the sun rotates around it
Saudi cleric rejects science that Earth rotates around the sun
Traveller Community Get £1m Government Grant, Turn Their Site into Giant Cannabis Farm
Man swears at fellow commuter - only to be interviewed by him for job later
Russia admits it's occupant and is proud of it
More mysterious holes are appearing in Siberia - and scientists are freaked out
44 Year Old Florida Man Lights Family's House on Fire after Niece Refuses to Give Him a Ride to the Liquor Store
Jet Lag is Worse On Mars
400 men cut their testicles off believing it would help them meet God
First Baptist Church of Baton Rouge uses deacon's Lamborghini to attract youth
South Carolina college bans homosexuality after two volleyball players come out as gay
(How to) Stop a CIA Color Revolution (for Dummies)
Woman called 'Al' Capone banned from drinking after 'reign of terror'
Mayor Outlaws All Police Chases to Save Money on Insurance
Meet Taco Bell's latest monstrosity: Cap'n Crunch doughnuts
Seattle doctor disciplined for sexting during surgery
Newly Discovered Sparklemuffin Peacock Spider Just Wants To Dance
The MIT Science Club for Disabled Children - "In the late 1940s, MIT, backed by funding from Quaker Oats, fed radioactive cereal to disabled children in the name of science."
Protesters Flying Grumpy Cat Banner Around Comcast Center
Woman Spills Screws To Boost Tire Repair Business
Arrested Spanish communists banded with 'Nazis' to 'liberate Russia from Ukraine'
Taco Bell's latest: Deep-fried Cap'n Crunch stuffed with frosting
Conservative Audience Laughs as Former NSA Chief Refers to Himself as an 'Unrelenting Libertarian'
Homeless man dies in downtown St. Louis tent fire
Canadian Veterans only need to confirm loss of limbs every 3 years instead of annually
Man renews Asda contract, Twitter goes mad
Man who made thousands posting women's stolen nudes goes after news sites that posted pictures of him
Man breaks into woman's apartment, licks her
Slovakian Batman Arrested for Allegedly Molesting an Underage girl
The British government was left in the dark during the Ukraine crisis because its diplomats can't understand Russian
Turkey: Husband fined for saying 'I don't love you'
'Duck Dynasty' star blames hippies for STDs
Police: Man Caught Driving On Expressway HOV Lane With Fake 'Popsicle Stick' Passenger
Canada tells vets without limbs to prove it - every three years
Arizona woman faked her own abduction to avoid planning boyfriend's birthday party
Shut in women has no idea what she's talking about
Raiders owner Mark Davis' hair stylist won't take the blame for his bowl cut
Attendance key to academic success
Someone Stole An Entire House In Oregon
Leonardo DiCaprio to Play 24 Different Personalities in Crowded Room
Whole of Norn Iron encouraging local man to beat the shite out of foreigner
Donald Trump Explains How "President Trump" Would Run America
FORMER BEATLE RINGO STARR CLAIMS THE "REAL" PAUL MCCARTNEY DIED IN 1966 AND WAS REPLACED BY LOOK-ALIKE.
Kristol: Netanyahu Loves America More Than Obama Does
Rumored Apple Car Will Fly, Shoot Lasers, Make Life Perfect For Millions of People
China to Train Babies How to Play Football in Bid to Improve World Cup Chances
Chinese babies should be trained to play football - President Xi
Des Moines County Attorney: No Charges for BPD Officer Who Shot Woman
Lawmaker Tosses Snowball on Senate Floor to Disprove Global Warming
Forget Coffins - Organic Burial Pods Will Turn Your Loved Ones Into Trees
'Mad chicken woman' sells round egg
Keeping those approval ratings high.
Fla. police chief busted in threeway sex-for-hire sting
Stolen NASCAR found abandoned in the woods...
ISIS is waging a war on music
Police chief caught in prostitution sting, looking for a 3sum
'The Dress' Tattoo May Have Actually Happened
'Wellness warrior' Jessica Ainscough dies from rare cancer, aged 30
One billion youth at risk of hearing loss from loud music: WHO
NCEA results have soared at James Cook High School in South Auckland after the school started handing out condoms
A Man Has Tattooed The Dress On His Leg Because "It's Stupid"
Pianist to perform musical duet with slime mold
A Woman 'Lost Control of All Bodily Fluids' During a '50 Shades of Grey' Screening
Someone got a black and blue dress tattoo.
Alcoholic Bears Are Finally Freed From a Hellish Russian Prison
Texas Bill Would Punish Businesses If They Don't Discriminate [against transgender people]
US sells prisoners to the highest bidders
West Towne Mall closes Saturday after shits fired outside food court
Swedish police mistake party balloons for Islamic State initials
process server hands cop brutality summons, multiple cops harass him and arrest him
OSHA Whistleblower Investigator Blows Whistle on Own Agency
CNN gaffe mistakes Vladimir Putin for Jihadi John
Montreal artist says his gold car, teeth have led to police profiling
Officers Investigate Snowball Fight.
Westboro Baptist Church Announces Intent To Picket Leonard Nimoy's Funeral
U.S. Will Fine Takata $14,000/day for Resisting Air Bag Probe
Veterinarians concerned as anti-vaxxing movement spreads to dog owners
Farm-to-table marijuana startup throws posh Berkeley launch party
Mets' Colon aiming for 3 hits this season
Woman sues herself for causing fatal crash
Aggressive owl wages campaign of terror against small Dutch town
Man nailed using wooden dummy to use HOV lane
Man says iPhone exploded in pocket
Norwegian novelist Karl Ove Knausgaard thinks Newfoundlanders are fat
Veterans must verify lost limbs every three years, Ottawa says
Veterans must verify lost limbs every 3 months, Ottawa says
Wankband Lets You Re-Charge Your Cell Phone With Masturbation Energy
Kanye West Announces New Album Title
Heathrow to London Bridge Station Taxi
Court rules that Courtney Love is not as famous as Marlon Brando
Air marshals' flight schedules rearranged for sexual trysts
A very vague need at a very specific time? WTF is this about??
Hong Kong compete in 'boring' ultramarathon
Rick Merce's Canada Post Rant is right on the money
Dutch town terrorised by rogue owl
Wisconsin high school unveils $662,000 locker room renovations
What it's like inside the Florida village where only sex offenders live
This 15 year old is making $500,000 a year in the babysitting business
Rescue Mission for 'Fishermen in Distress' Finds Seals Instead
75-year-old man kills his elderly wife and lives with her dead body
Top adviser to Chancellor George Osborne filmed smoking crack cocaine in drugs den
Top economist and George Osborne cheerleader 'seen smoking crack cocaine through a glass tube at north London drugs den'
Giant robotic teddy bear: Japan's nurse of the future
Man, 88, dies after being hit by mobility scooter
Terrorists using eBay and Reddit to send coded messages: Mossad
Creepy news: Estimate a complete stranger's breast size with this new plastic folder!
'Cats Opened My Lube' Defense Didn't Work: Teacher Convicted Of Raping Student
Why did Kim Kardashian get to watch Fifty Shades Of Grey before anyone else?
Robert Mugabe eats a zoo for obscene 91st birthday party
Sushi underwear does exist. So do cheeseburger panties.
Cinema Evacuated During '50 Shades Of Grey' After Woman Loses Control Of Bodily Fluids
'Dr. Who' takes Pentagon's reins: Man with no military experience assumes toughest government job
A Spanish actress lied about going to the Oscars, gets busted, her career is a lie. Read more at ONTD: http://ohnotheydidnt.livejournal.com/94390314.html#ixzz3T9k4zAlV
Prices in Free Fall at Bulgaria's Roma Bride Market Too
رؤيا خير بإذن الله
Man arrested for indecent exposure at Wal-Mart has 'problem with sticking his hands in his pants' Read more here: http://www.myrtlebeachonline.com/2015/03/01/4817251/man-arrested-for-indecent-exposure.html#storylink=cpy
Zambian court to decide whether prosecutor can drop case against himself
A Spanish actress lied about going to the Oscars, gets busted, her career is a lie.
How Apple lost $533 million to an 8th-grade dropout patent troll
Arrowhead High Adds Press, Luxury Boxes To Stadium
Knox Grammar School's Posthumous Memorial To Paedophile Teacher Bruce Barrett Read: He Touched Us All
Teen Allegedly Coaxed Depressed Boyfriend Into Killing Himself; Tweets About Missing Him
Judge stops robbery trial when Muslim witness swears on Bible instead of Koran
TV Exec Suing Comcast/Sharpton: 'Give Him $50k and a Bucket of Chicken and We're Good'
Judge 'wrong' to stop case after Muslim swears on Bible
Name mixup sends fake IDs to college dean
Regis Giles: Obama shouldn't ban armor-piercing rounds because 'tiny bullets' can't hurt cops
Mysterious naked man limbs out of Buckingham Palace window
Bride Marries Wedding Guest After Indian Wedding Goes Wrong
James Bond in the new movie will drive Fiat 500
North Carolina Legalizes Call Girls For Politicians
Cinema Evacuated During '50 Shades Of Grey' After Woman Loses Control Of Bodily Fluid
iPhone Explodes In Man's Pocket In New Jersey
Neighboring Great Tits Sing Out of Tune, Researchers Find
KFC to offer edible coffee cups
Europe 'feels like Nazi Germany,' says Madonna
Warren Buffett's Secret to Staying Young: 5 Cokes a Day
Axe allegedly pulled during argument over corn chips
Phillies Fall to College team in first spring training game
First Robot Designed To Live With Humans Is An Uncooperative Egomaniac
Glenn Greenwald on Twitter: "After demanding backdoors into all encryption, US furiously attacks China for demanding backdoors into encryption"
Scientists are arguing about whether to send messages into space in case aliens are evil
Study: lighter-skinned black and Hispanic people look smarter to white people
Sheriff Says Meth And Heroin aren't the Culprit, It's Marijuana that Makes People Violent
Anti-Gay Motivational Speaker Claims To Have Turned Gay Man Straight Through Cubs Tickets
Refracted rays from Nutella jar blamed for UK house fire | KSL.com
Carly Rae Jepsen Returns With a Song That Is Somehow More Catchy Than "Call Me Maybe"
Nutella Container Sets House on Fire
Siêu thị hạt giống Mai Phương
Murder victim's antique shop demolished
Mum who met partner in Burger King gives birth to two obese babies in 18 months
Spiritual leader allegedly manipulated 400 men into removing testicles to be 'closer to God'
Fifty Shades Of Grey Added In Pubic Hair In Post-Production
Walking Dead town up for sale on Ebay
Leonard Nimoy Funeral: Westboro Baptist Church Cancels Protest Plans, Can't Find Where Funeral Will Be Held
Holy Spirit High School Students Dress As Monkey And Banana To Taunt Black Students
Woman defends her decision to wire $1.4 MILLION to online lover in Africa she's never met
Smart chess moves save criminal kids
Doctor On Fox News Says Smoking Weed Causes 'Crack Babies'.
Couple's Gay Pride Flag Burned, Neighbor Charged
This time, Hillary will run as a woman
Woman describes attack by self-identified 'high elf'
Yahoo! wants you to congratulate Yahoo! for turning 20 years old... Hooray...
No one could see the color blue until modern times
Man Who Believes He Is A 'Werewolf' Who Killed A 'Vampire' Found Guilty Of Murder
The Guy Trying To See All Your Metadata Is Using A Secret Messaging App That Hides All His Metadata
Indonesian police proclaim pandaporn PJs prohibited
Driver charged with felony in 'zombie walk' incident at Comic Con
Woman wires $1.4M to online lover in Africa she's never met
'I'm 95 per cent certain it's not a scam': Woman sends £1million to online lover she's never met
Blind dog returned to owner after 2 weeks in frigid weather
Robert Mugabe eats elephant at 'obscene' 91st birthday party
Thai Temple to Set Up Segregated Toilets Due to Allegedly Unhygienic Chinese Tour Groups
Man dressed as Superman attacks own car, bringing Chapel Street to a standstill
A Pakistani Boy got signed for a Movie based on his DUBSMASH Video Acts.
Swedish migrant aides 'were Isis recruiters'
Why are older men looking at women half their age
British woman swears off men and marries her pet dog
"When being raped, she shouldn't fight back" - India bus rapist blames murder victim
CNN has identity crisis as channel mistakes Vladimir Putin for Jihadi John
Delhi Gang Rape Convict Blames Victim for Brutal Attack
Iraqi Christians Want YOUR Money To Fight ISIS
Teen killed after Facebook fight
Famed Norwegian author Karl Ove Knausgaard goes to Newfoundland, calls everybody fat
Oklahoma's State Vegetable is a Fruit, Lawmaker Says
Toronto tunnel mystery solved, sort of: Two men dug hole for 'personal reasons,' police say
Chinese shoppers are angry that their luxury Japanese toilet lids are made in China
Too much Facebook leads to envy and depression
Rick Ross Hung Out With Bill Murray This Weekend
Library copies of 50 Shades of Grey contains herpes, cocaine, tests find
Artist: Bill Clinton's portrait contains Monica Lewinsky reference
'Fifty Shades of Grey' book found to contain traces of herpes, cocaine
Michelle Rodriguez apologises for telling minorities to 'stop stealing white superheroes'
Google is going to pay hackers 'infinity million' dollars to find security holes in Google Chrome
Zimbabwe's Mugabe condemns 'white' safaris, eats baby elephant at birthday bash
Valdimir Putin's original name is Vaarahmihir Putr Singh, says Sadhvi Prachi
Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey receives death threats from ISIS for deleting accounts
Married TV actor wakes up to find his testicles have been STOLEN
A Woman Has Sent $1 Million Overseas To A Man She's Only Met Online
94 Percent Of American Flags Imported Into The U.S. Last Year Came From China
Man Who Tried To Have Sex With Mailbox Found Dead
Man with container labeled 'Not Weed' cited for pot possession
Kanawha Man Charged After Allegedly Stabbing Girlfriend 13 Times Because Dinner Was Cold
Peppa Pig Toy Teaches Three-Year-Old Boy To Say The F-Word
DEA warns of stoned rabbits if Utah passes medical marijuana
The painful and hilarious story of a man who got his penis stuck in a roll of tape
How Homer Simpson discovered the Higgs boson over a decade before scientists
House explodes after N.J. man turns on bathroom light
TRUCK CARRYING $4M IN GOLD, SILVER ROBBED ALONG I-95 IN WILSON COUNTY
Cop Arrests Subway Musician Just To Give Him "Something To Fight For"
Terrorists using eBay and Reddit to send coded messages
How did Homer Simpson work out the mass of the Higgs?
Toronto tunnel dug by 2 men as 'man cave', police say
Justin Bieber, 21, Celebrates Birthday by Finally Trying Alcohol
Nebraska man cited after deputies find pot inside container labelled 'Not Weed'
Nirbhaya Bus Rapist Blames his Victim: Describing the killing as an "accident"
Drugs and Prostitutes Are a Surprisingly Large Chunk of Italy's Economy
Taylor Swift Predicts She Will "Still Be Single" at 30 With "So Many" Cats, Insists She Just Wants to Have Fun
Sad LeBron James Literally Takes Look In Mirror After Loss To Rockets.
Graffiti gaffe: Vandals paint 'Hail Satin' on historic bridge
Pittsburgh Pirates response to "jihadi john's" picture
Nebraska police find pot inside container labeled 'Not Weed'
Job Simulator is the first SteamVR game to be announced
Vint Cerf: Everything we do will be ERASED! You can't even find last 2 times I said this
Police find pot inside container labeled 'Not Weed' | Local News - Home
Red Power Ranger charged with murder after stabbing someone with a Katana!
Pat Robertson: Smoking pot is 'slavery to vegetables,' but God can 'set you free'
Man, 20, awarded $2.5M in damages after drug gave him breasts
Mumford and Sons go electric on new album, Wilder Mind
Scientists have created the perfect music for cats
Black hole with mass of 12 billion suns surprises astronomers.
Dirty Pig Pulls Over Man, Takes Bribe (VIDEO)
Zombie outbreak? Head for rural areas, researchers say.
'Skeletorus' and 'Sparklemuffin' the Newest Spiders
Upstate New York towns consider seceding to Pennsylvania
Michigan lawmakers make it easier to beat those pesky DUI charges
Fewer Women Run Big Companies Than Men Named John
Police find pot inside container labeled "Not Weed"
Boy, 8, Calls Newspaper Editor a "Shithole" and "Jerk" for Pulling His Favorite Sunday Comics.
Mozilla just announced flip and slider phones at a press event in 2015
"Sharknado 3" casts Mark Cuban as president, Ann Coulter as vice president
Nebraska man cited for possession after police find pot in container labeled 'not weed'
Portrait artist says he painted Lewinsky reference in Bill Clinton's official painting
Ronda Rousey -- Called Out By Ex-NFL Player ... "I'd Destroy Her In MMA Fight"
VIDEO: FOX News Doctor Says Marijuana Causes Heart Attacks, Crack Babies, And Overdoses
Statisticians have determined the safest hideout for a zombie apocalypse
Italian Designers Devise Burial Pods to Turn Human Remains into Trees
Grateful Dead's 'Fare Thee Well' Tickets Offered for $116,000 on Secondary Market
Good Samaritan dies after being hit by car while helping another woman who was hit by a car
Tinder's premium service will charge you more if you're 28 or older
'Priest' taking confessions on Snapchat
Saudi suitor asks to see girl's face; beaten up by family
Grilled Cheese Food-Truck Company Is Valued at $107 Million
Senator Refutes Climate Change by Throwing Snowball in Capitol
Man arrested after breaking into Multnomah County Courthouse overnight, police say
Isil and al-Qaeda 'using porn to hide secret messages to followers'
The 'sex selfie stick' lets you FaceTime the inside of a vagina
Bill Clinton's Portrait Artist Secretly Includes Monica Lewinsky
Harvard's Still Hard to Get Into, Law School Promises
Cops Find Weed In Sour Cream Container Marked 'Not Weed'
What would Wittgenstein say about that dress?
The Internet Is Trolling Kanye West: Loser.com Redirects to Kanye's Wikipedia Page
DEA Agent: Legalized Marijuana Will Lead to Stoned Rabbits
Study finds that smelling farts is good for you.
Jar of Nutella blamed for house fire
Tinder launches premium service that costs twice as much for people over 30
Labourer filmed swallowing live goldfish before washing it down with a can of Strongbow is banned from keeping or handling fish
Bill Clinton's official portrait includes shadow of Monica Lewinsky's infamous blue dress, artist says
Would-be robber fails when clerk thinks he's joking.
Car Thief Throws a Brick, Mercedes Throws it Back
Homer Simpson predicts Mass of the Higgs Boson
25 Tons of Pigeon Poo Found in Medieval Monument
'Spocking' Laurier on $5 not illegal, says Bank of Canada
Indiana Considers 'Baby Boxes' To Allow Moms To Abandon Infants Safely
Woman Viciously Beaten On Video By 'Best Friends' For Sitting On Hamburger
Toronto tunnel mystery solved: Two 'blue-collar guys' dug hole for 'man cave,' police say
Indiana may allow 'baby boxes' for surrendering newborns
Horrific video shows gang batter young woman for 'sitting on their whopper burger'
Ukip candidate has to be hauled to safety from the advancing tide after writing 'We Love Nige' on the beach
95-year-old man teaches other seniors how to fall
Lawyer In California Proposes Killing Gays With 'Sodomite Suppression Act'
Man stabbed mother 11 times then cut off own penis
Lawyer Files CA Ballot Initiative To Put 'Sodomites' To Death
Texas boy, 9, suspended over alleged "Hobbit" threat
US-Bangladesh blogger Avijit Roy hacked to death
Utah hears of danger of dope-crazed rabbits if marijuana legalised
Study Shows Cats Understand Their Owners...But They Don't Care
OC lawyer wants to "kill the gays" in California, according to initiative goal
Trucker accused of sleeping behind the wheel in fatal I-78 crash dozes in court, pleads no contest
Developmentally retarded musicians to represent Finland in Eurovision 2015
Parents trying to cure autism with bleach enemas
Jewelry made out of disembodied pieces of barbie dolls
SpongeBob SquarePants 400 is name of NASCAR race at Kansas Speedway in May
Man in gimp mask and wetsuit let off after trespassing in explosives factory
DEA: Legalizing marijuana could lead to stoned rabbits with no natural instincts
Mystery tunnel built by two young guys 'to hang out,' police say
Giant methane storms on Uranus
'Drive-thru prayers' hit the streets in south Minneapolis
Pinole pit bull victim in critical, neighbor says dog was 'kind'
France wants companies to make appliances that last longer
Dangerous Bacteria Mysteriously Escapes From Louisiana Monkey Lab
Man tries hiding his weed in container labeled "not weed"
Stop calling 911 just to make sure it works: Vince MacKenzie
A Division II college baseball team beat the Philadelphia Phillies
Jihadi John described as shy high school boy who was jilted by secret crush due to 'bad breath'
DEA Claims 'Rabbits' Will Get Stoned If Utah Passes Medical Marijuana Bill
Attractive jihadists can lure UK girls to extremism
Atlantic news watchers saw 48 seconds of porn film by mistake, CTV says
British public thinks wind power subsidies are 14 times higher than reality
NSW state election 2015: Sodomy decriminalisation blamed for budget woes
Radio host: Black lawmakers should be 'hanging from a noose' for boycotting Netanyahu's speech
Want To Survive The Zombie Apocalypse? Head For The Hills, According To Science
Far-Right Pundit: Hang Officials Who Skip Netanyahu's Speech To Congress
The Yankees only have 4 jersey numbers available at spring training.
Amish Jailed in Beard-Cutting Attacks Get Sentences Reduced
Man with container labeled 'Not Weed' cited for pot possession : Journal Star Breaking News
Scott Lively Warns That SCOTUS Could Unleash The Antichrist By September 2015
Taco Bell's Cap'n Crunch Doughnuts Are Maybe Even Too Perfect for Stoners
'Spocking' $5 bill not illegal, says Bank of Canada
Sharknado 3 To Feature Ann Coulter as Vice President
Dogs Bred From Wolves Helped Early Humans Eradicate Neanderthal Rivals
I Broke His Penis
'Looking' actor says he's glad he's not one of those 'effeminate' gays
U.S. spy chief says he got a mixed reception in North Korea
Facebook round table, round two
Sheriff's office asks guy to stop by after he Facebook comments on his own wanted poster.
How chocolate cake helped capture Mexico's most-wanted drug lord
LA gang member goes blind after tattooing his own eyeballs. NSFW
London dentist faces being struck off for trying to fix woman's teeth in McDonald's
This robot at U-Md. taught itself to cook by watching YouTube
Fla. man shoots sister in buttocks with BB gun for making him a phallic birthday cake: cops
Nigerian letter scam actually run by Nigerian: Fraud victims paid $13M for worthless boxes
In video, Coca Cola recalls 'good old times' of Nazi rule in Germany
DEA group apologizes for commemorating Black History Month with the arrest of a Harlem drug dealer
Doncaster police officer accidentally reports his own car as being stolen
Hotel guest who ordered cheese and biscuits gets exactly what she asked for
Seattle Man Claims He Is Kurt Cobain
STUDY REVEALS AVERAGE TECH WORKER'S WARDROBE IS 85% FREE TECH T-SHIRTS
Are Corporations People, Too? Your Brain Seems to Process Them That Way
Westboro Baptist Church couldn't picket Leonard Nimoy's funeral because they didn't know where it was
ISIS militants trick mother into 'eating her kidnapped son'
'Sharknado 3': Mark Cuban, Ann Coulter to Play President, Vice President
Dude Gets Tattoo of "The Dress"
white plains apartments yonkers homes for sale in larchmont ny
Stoned rabbits a concern for DEA as Utah debates medical marijuana bill
Dude Gets A Tattoo of "The Dress"
Man gets two weeks' jail for lying about address for daughter's Primary 1 registration
Calif. attorney files for ballot initiative seeking to have all gays executed
German man drives onto underground train track in Dortmund after following a tram
US Police Appeal To Public To Stop Filming Them Shooting Black People
Main U.S.-Backed Syrian Rebel Group Disbanding, Joining Islamists
Mohammed Emwazi tapes: '9/11 was wrong'
Too much human poo on Mount Everest says Nepal
Beef banned in Mumbai,India ; 5 years jail for possession or sale
Woodpecker shown flying with weasel on its back in amateur photographer's amazing image
Man gets erect penis stuck in roll of masking tape, posts picture to the internet.
Toronto tunnel mystery solved, two men built the tunnel for "personal reasons", satisfies police.
Texas Woman Pregnant With Satan's Baby
Facing ISIS, new defense chief summons "Team America"
Student 'strawpedoing' drinks craze is banned
Thai men come up short in 1st scientific penis-length study
Benham Brother Says Gay Man Abandoned His 'Lifestyle' After He Bought Him Cubs Tickets
Man gets life in prison for selling $20 worth of weed: A homeless and hungry man agreed to purchase $20 worth of weed for a stranger in exchange for a $5 finder's fee
Newcastle fan bummed to death by zevra
"Sex Selfie Stick" Lets You Take Vagina Selfies, Just Like You've Always Wanted
Clinton had no official State Dept. email address
AVG's Invisibility Glasses Will Protect You against Facial Recognition Tech
Newfoundland officials plead with residents to stop calling new 911 service to see if it works
400 men cut off their testicles to 'get closer to God' following advice from 'guru'
Inspired By Slow TV, BBC4 To Air Canal Boat Trip, Making Of A Wooden Chair
Newcastle fan get bummed to death by Zebra
Rob Ford auctions tie he appears to have worn when he admitted smoking crack
Teacher who told pupil "I shagged your maw" is struck of register
Weasel photographed riding on a woodpecker's back
Woman Admits Digging up Dad's Grave in Search of 'Real Will'
Government Can't Fire Employees Who Spend 6 Hours a Day Watching Porn
Steven Spielberg to direct Jennifer Lawrence in New War Movie
Nepal Official Says Human Waste on Everest a Major Problem
Justin Bieber begs Seth Rogen to roast him at upcoming special
Parents guilty of 'Unsubstantiated' child neglect for letting kids walk to park
Teacher who told pupil 'I shagged your maw' is struck off register
New Delhi rapist on victim: 'She should just be silent and allow rape'
Line of Cocoa: Is Chocolate Snorting Safe?
Crews fight fire at their own fire station
Teacher who told pupil I shagged yer maw removed from school register.
Apple rejects Buzz Aldrin-designed game for featuring Buzz Aldrin
Tickets to Netanyahu Congress speech 'hotter than fresh latkes'
Wolf, Stray Dog Join Forces to Terrorize Murmansk Residents
The World Record For Most Bacon Eaten In Five Minutes Was Broken This Weekend And It's So Much Bacon
Live sex shows streamed from Windsor libraries
'Star Trek' fans told to stop 'Spocking' Canadian $5 bill
Church: Canadian Pastor Missing in North Korea
Couple arrested for eating chicken in Walmart
Wanted man responds to sheriff's office FB post about him
Pittsburgh Pirates baseball organization's response to "Jihadi John's" picture
Big boobs are here to stay in the Dead or Alive franchise
'Cat Island': Felines Outnumber Humans on Japan's Aoshima Island
Brazil's 'Miss BumBum' Runner-Up in Hospital for Butt Implant Infection
A D.C. Man Walks Into A Police Station And Asks For Marijuana... And Gets It
California ballot initiative proposes "bullets to the head" for gays, lesbians
Teacher's resignation letter: 'My profession ... no longer exists'
Missing woman found in search party looking for herself
The U.S. Government Should Pay Anonymous in Bitcoin to Fight ISIS - Foreignpolicy.com
MPs'R'Us - Buy Political Influence on the cheap!
Salt Lake City firefighters respond to a fire at their own station.
Finlands Eurovision bid is a punk band consisting of four middle-aged men with downs syndrome.
Actress: Minorities, get your own superheroes
Watermelon may be stripped of Oklahoma's state vegetable title
S.C. deputies hunt vandals who killed 300,000 chickens
Maharashtra bans beef, 5 years jail, Rs 10,000 fine for possession or sale
Japanese island overrun with cats after population explodes
Satan's son, Satan jr, to take over the world in 12 years following being elected as President of the United States.
Teenager Charles Mann Cut Off Own Penis And Stabbed Mother 11 Times While High On Meow Meow
Ryanair finally realises 'Don't Insure Me' isn't a country - Telegraph
Maharashtra, one of India's most populous states, has introduced a ban on beef so strict that even possession could land a person in jail for five years
ISIS eye-candy - Handsome jihadists used to lure British girls to Islamic State
Student Tank Driver Crashes Tank into Garden
Fukushima, site of nuclear disaster, wants to host 2020 Olympic baseball
Netanyahu's Speech: Mansplaining Iran to Obama
NJ Police Officer Pressured Woman To Have Sex To Avoid Arrest: Lawsuit
Yankee strikes out against pitching machine
Wu-Tang Clan unveil sole copy of their new album
Dreams take wing: Photo captures weasel riding woodpecker
Stop talkin' to your mother like that!!!
NJ Woman Caught Shoplifting Claims Cop Gave Her 2 Choices: Jail or Sex
NYPD's Bratton Blames Marijuana for Surge in Murders
NASCAR announces SpongeBob SquarePants 400 Sprint Cup Race
Tinder Will Charge Users Extra for Being Old
Toronto Police: men built mystery tunnel to use as man cave
Smoking Pot Is 'Slavery To Vegetables,' But God Can 'Set You Free'
Nudists express concerns about bikini barista initiative
Obama sharply criticizes China's plans for new technology rules
Indie band Viet Cong show cancelled due to "offensive" band name
Unions Contributed More Than $83K to Help Reelect Walker
Delhi man convicted in rape case blames victim for fighting back.
An American was jailed in the United Arab Emirates for Facebook posts he made in the US
Williamsburg Roommates Launch Kickstarter Campaign To Open Tonya Harding, Nancy Kerrigan Museum In Their Apartment
Bank Of Canada Says Spocking $5 Bill Is Not Illegal
Deltona man arrested in fried fish fight
KLTV : Rusk police: Turn in your sub-par drug dealer
Homer Simpson 'discovered the Higgs boson'
Zakir Naik, who said Muslims can have sex with female slaves, gets Saudi Arabia's highest honour
KFC Gets Occupational Business License To Sell Marijuana In Colorado Restaurants
Man arrested for 9th DUI while wearing shirt that proclaims 'I do dumb things'
Here Is the Average Penis Size According to the Latest in Penis Measuring Science
Officials: US report finds racial bias in Ferguson police
A kid who looks like a stoned slacker has a 5.0 gpa and a 2100 SAT score. Acceptance letters come from several ivy league schools, despite his race.
South Jersey mayor bans questions at township council meetings
The Keurig K-Cup's inventor says that he feels bad that he made it - here's why
Obama wants China to stop copying the NSA's surveillance plans
Cancer is not a fungus
IS militants trick mum into 'eating kidnapped son'
Liberals Outraged that University Won't Regulate What Students Wear Off-Campus
Fire at 'Smoking for Jesus Ministry Church'
Former MLB pitcher, 38 Studios founder doxes his daughter's online abusers
Stephon Marbury Is Starring in a Chinese Musical About Himself
Solar Power Lobbyists Seek to Subvert Florida Tea Party
Mumford And Sons' new record is entirely banjo-free
Laser Bears and Occupants: These Are the Masterpieces of Delusional Russian Propaganda
Paris Hilton's brother Conrad has a 10 hour tantrum on a trans-Atlantic Virgin Airlines flight
Michelle Rodriguez on that white 'superhero thing'
Mets throw out rookie's lunch to teach him a lesson
Christian Activist Files Ballot Measure To Execute All Gay People By 'Bullets To The Head'
California lawyer files papers for sodomite suppression act to save state from God's just wrath.
American Malls Are Changing Their Look and Their Tactics | The New Republic
Yankees' Chris Young reportedly strikes out against a pitching machine
Delhi rapist says victim shouldn't have fought back
Monica Lewinsky is giving a TED talk
Nancy Grace tells us her thoughts on 2 Chainz smoking 24-karat rolling papers
Nutella's Attempts to Keep People From Calling It "Poop" Are Valiant but Futile
Louisville, Kentucky Smells Like Mildew And No One Knows Why
Proposed California Measure Would Make Homosexuality Punishable by Firing Squad
Texas woman impregnated with Satan's baby
Rabbits getting high on pot in Utah with marijuana
Most penises are normal, more research says
East Brunswick nixes water fluoride: Mayor says it's 'mass medication of public'
NASCAR Announces SpongeBob SquarePants 400
Sex shows streamed from Windsor libraries probed by police - Windsor
Newcastle fan bummed to death by Zebra
Justice Dept. review finds pattern of racial bias among Ferguson police
Is 50 the new 40 for motherhood?
Nepal bans toilet holes on parts of Mt. Everest's summit
Iran & ISIS compete for militant Islam crown in 'game of thrones' - Netanyahu to Congress
The First Lady Has a Challenge for You: #GimmeFive (with images, tweets) · letsmove
Student stabbed mother 11 times then chopped off his own penis while high on miaow miaow
The crime wave in Toronto Canada continues as nothing is stolen from an unlocked store. People walk in. People leave. Nothing touched.
Prediksi QPR vs Arsenal 5 Maret 2015
Man gets pissed at wife, throws coffee mug-kills baby.
Homeless man killed by LAPD identified as 'stubborn' French bank robber
Deepak Chopra and Andrew WK Talk Mind Expansion, Partying and God
Delhi rapist says victim should not have fought back.
Bank Of Canada Urges 'Star Trek' Fans To Stop 'Spocking' Their Fivers
Motherhood Matters: My minivan is a sacred place
Nebraska motorist arrested after cops find his marijuana stash inside sour cream container labeled "not weed". http://t.co/huSLYroj86
New Coca-Cola Commercial Refers to Nazi Germany and the Holocaust as the "Good Old Times"
Humpback whale dies tangled in fishing net, to be worshiped in southern Vietnam
NFL pair to donate brains for research
Idaho Republican plans walkout during Hindu prayer at statehouse: 'They worship cows'
Kanye West Guest Lectures At Oxford University On... Himself
When eggs go bad: recent drive by egging not the only egg-assault in Ballard
Frozen Feces Forces Freeway to Close
Idaho Senate Invocation Protested By Lawmakers Because Of Hindu Prayer
Weasel Attacks Woodpecker In Epic Sky Battle
Ben & Jerry's Founders Would Consider Cannabis-Infused Ice Cream, When It's Legal
Sanitation worker sent to jail for picking up too early
You'll Never Hear the New Wu-Tang Clan Album, But This Is What It Sounds Like
US Running out of Room to Store Oil; Price Collapse Next?
The Plot to Free North Korea With Smuggled Episodes of Friends
It's a great day to be a man: our penises are not as short as we thought
Leonard Nimoy's photographs of fat, naked women changed my life
A lawmaker who believes saltwater and baking soda can cure cancer
The results are in: study reveals average penis size
LNP to host International Women's Day event at male-only Brisbane's Tattersall's Club
The Liberal National Party will on Friday host a celebration of International Women's Day this Friday at an exclusive Brisbane club that only allows men to be members.
Goldfish-swallowing Briton banned from owning fish
Man Dies Horrible Death After Falling into Meat Grinder
5-Time Married Texax Lawmaker Writes Complaint Against Judge Who Allowed Same-Sex Marriage
Obama is upset that China wants tech companies to undermine their own security
World Cup winner Cannavaro faces jail after swimming in his own pool
8-Year-Old Calls Out "Shithole" Editor for Cutting Cartoons from Paper
Nutella Bans Words Including 'Lesbian' and 'Diabetes' from New Campaign
UK single woman on $1700 a month welfare 'deserves more money from the state'
Indonesia Vice-President Kalla shoots down complaints about haze
Las Vegas hospital sends miscarried fetuses out with laundry
The guy who copped a 77,000 speeding fine.
Liberal National party international women's day event to be held at 'men only' club
Denmark: Moles help dig at archaeological site.
Man stabs woman because dinner is too cold.
This Just In: Humans Are Bad at Everything That's Important
LNP hosts International Women's Day lunch at men-only club
Canada helping Brits buy 'Bosnian' and 'Somali' targets for shooting practice
Crooks steal $4M in gold from armored truck
Study Finds Toddlers Get Coffee From Parents, Despite Risks
'Fairy control' to halt tiny doors in Somerset woods
Domestic Violence Survivor Found Guilty Of Child Abduction For Fleeing With Daughter, May Be Deported
San Francisco bridge jumper says sea lion saved him.
Failed suicide bridge jumper says sea lion saved him.
Forced sale of $39m Sydney mansion unlikely to help average house buyer, property analyst says
Homeopaths May Now Get To Conduct Abortions
Mummified Monk to be Returned to His Final Resting Place, Not Actually Still Alive
Last year, residents of Burlington, Vermont voted NO on the school budget increase. The school board came back 3 months later with a bigger increase. It was approved.
TV chiefs urge time zone switch to prevent reality TV spoilers
LNP to host International Women's Day function at club that only allows men
Texas Republican Wants to Legalize Pot Because "God Doesn't Make Mistakes"
Ubisoft's tablet video game combats lazy eye condition
Nemtsov murder: Putin urges end to political killings
Ben Carson: Prisons prove being gay is a choice
Inside the Powerful Lobby Fighting for Your Right to Eat Pizza
Muslim lesbian tortured her eight-year-old daughter to death at behest of her vampire-loving girlfriend because she thought it would 'stop the gates from hell opening'
Jeffrey Archer calls Bollywood 'a bunch of thieves' who steal his storylines
Wife seeks divorce over husband's huge penis
Men Threaten to Kill Victim Unless He Buys Them Beer, Police Say
19-Year-old Gang Rape Victim to Receive 200 Lashes and 6 Months in Jail in Saudi Arabia
Leonard Nimoy's photos of fat, naked women changed my life
Potential GOP presidential candidate: "A lot of people who go into prison straight, and when they come out they're gay." Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2015/03/ben-carson-gay-choice-prison-115744.html#ixzz3TQMhpDxq
Infatuated US teen almost frozen to death after travelling to China only to get rejected by a girl he met online.
Potential GOP presidential candidate: "a lot of people who go into prison straight, and when they come out they're gay."
Putin urges end to political murders
Public libraries a new hot spot for risqué - and risky - erotic webcam performances
NYPD commissioner blames legal marijuana in Colorado for increase in New York shootings
NYPD commissioner blames legal Marijuana in Colorado for increase in NY shootings
Unidentified People Acting in a Strange and Suspicious Way Reported to Police in Barnsley Town Centre
NYPD Commissioner: Marijuana Causing Increase In Murders
Excessive Candy Consumption Is Giving Children Burns and Seizures
Ben Carson: Prisons show homosexuality is a choice because inmates go in straight, leave gay
Man busted with 10 kilograms of cocaine at Kennedy Airport, allegedly claims he thought he was smuggling diamonds
Ohio Man Wanted For Crimes Comments On Sheriff's Facebook Post About Him
NYPD Commissioner Blames Legalized Marijuana in Colorado for Increase in New York Shootings
Floating strip club's latest trouble: Human waste disposal
Sheriff arrests suspect who taunted deputies on Facebook
Homer Simpson almost discovered the Higgs boson before any scientist
D'Oh! Homer Simpson Figured Out The Higgs Boson Years Before Physicists Found It
Ben Carson says being gay is a choice, points to prison as an example
Orgasms for world peace? A charity porn site can't give its money away
قصيدة : كان فاضل أيه ....... بقلم الشاعر محمد أنور
Man arrested after commenting on his own wanted photo on Facebook
McDonald's USA to phase out human antibiotics from chicken supply | Reuters
Ohio Sheriff Asks Wanted Man On Facebook To Turn Himself In, Suspect Complies
Man Who Advocates Sex Slavery Is Given Saudi Arabian Achievement Award
Cops say they found weed in sour cream container labelled 'not weed
Ben Carson: Homosexuality is a choice and prison sex proves it
Part of Australia Might Change Time Zones to Avoid TV Spoilers
Bridge on Brownsboro Road is closed, forcing road closure
Canadian officials have asked people to stop "Spocking" five dollar bills.
Brother shoots sister in butt over penis cake
Scientists Say That Women With Bigger Butts Give Birth To Smarter Kids
Ben Carson: Prison turns "a lot" of straight people into gays
Couple throw 'wacky' ISIS-themed wedding complete with death cage
Woman Sues Restaurant for Ruining Her Valentine's Day, Seeks $100,000 in Damages
Cristiano Ronaldo sends a stylist to look after waxwork of himself.
Sony's Amy Pascal Delays Office Move Due to Seth Rogen Pot Stench
Poultry council: Britain short on chick sexers
Lil B Collaborates With Vegan Food Company on New Emoji App
The new 'Sex Selfie Stick' lets you FaceTime from the inside of your vagina
Ben Carson cites prisons as proof that homosexuality is a choice
Katy Perry wants a world full of left sharks
Homer Simpson Figured Out Higgs Boson Years Before Real Physicists
Egyptian groom springs Isis kidnap prank on bride
Boy Brings Moonshine to Class; Teacher in Trouble
Ohio Neighbors Feud When One Shovels Sidewalk As Good Deed
Man arrested after Police Find Marijuana in Container Marked 'Not Weed'
The Mormons are at it again...
Principal subject of one of the coolest senior pranks ever
Reminder: Humanity has made the moon into a garbage pile, wants to keep doing it
Applebee's not liable for NJ man burned while praying over fajita skillet
Lobbyists Can Legally Screw Politicians in North Carolina, Says Ethics Commission
A commander of the Ukrainian neo-nazi Azov battalion and his driver were killed when they attempted to destroy a monument to those who had died fighting nazis in the second world war
Wanted Ohio man comments on Facebook post of his own warrant, winds up in jail
Hospital Brings Giant Inflatable Colon For Cancer Awareness
Russia's President Vladimir Putin has called for an end to "shameful" political killings in Russia
"This lady chest-butted!" Fight over handicapped spot at Walmart sends 71-year-old woman to the hospital
DEA agent very concerned about stoned rabbits in Utah
World's oldest person celebrates 117th birthday in Japan
Soldier Dies From Massive Erection After Firing .50-Cal for The First Time
NYC subway sign campaign takes stand against rudeness
Notorious ISIS executioner once paid $3,000 to have dinner with Mike Tyson
University of the South celebrates women with giant golden clitoris sculpture in library
A New Vibrator Lets You FaceTime From Your Vagina (Vagtime?)
Woman Wanted for Stealing Selfie Prints from Selden Walgreens Photo Lab
Samsung's latest iPhone clone doesn't stop at hardware
Men More Narcissistic Than Women: Study
Woman files for divorce because husband's penis is "too big"
Suspect In Custody After Responding To His Own 'Wanted' Ad On Facebook
Coca-Cola just pulled an ad suggesting that Nazi Germany was 'Good Old Times'
Men are more Narcissistic than Women, Finds Study
Councilman's lofty vision: Gondolas in Utica's future
Feds approve 2-6 hours of daily, on-the-job porn viewing for government workers
'White History Month' sign stirs up Flemington
Camel leather is poised for the mainstream, but not quite over the hump
"Not clapping hard enough" was one of the reasons former North Korean official, Jang Sung-taek, was executed.
Paris Hilton goes to Cuba, meets a Castro and posts everything on Instagram
Applebee's not liable for N.J. man burned while praying over fajita skillet
CTV says atlantic news watchers saw 48 seconds of porn.
3D Printing the Human Body
There's too much poo on Mount Everest, says mountaineering boss
Breaking Bad Star's Debut DJ Set Shut Down After 5 Minutes By Police In Crystal Meth Raid
New Clinton Scandal Not as Scandalous as People Hoped
Goat thief suspect caught with stolen bikes
Dr. Ben Carson Argues Being Gay Is 'Absolutely' a Choice
Buy a fancy steak here, and you get a certificate with the cow's name...
Mass. SWAT teams deny open records request, claim they're private corporations; ACLU files suit
Infidelity: How To Forgive Yourself
Obama's claim that Keystone XL oil 'bypasses the U.S.' earns Four Pinocchios
McDonald's CEO's radical new plan: actually focus on food
New CSI: Cyber show debuts on piracy sites ahead of broadcast
Accuser Says Bill Cosby Made Her Smear Oatmeal On Her Face & Act 'Queenlike'
Boehner invites man who hated obama in high school to address congress
The dream of keeping poor people from seeing a doctor must never die.
Human feces on Mount Everest a major problem
Washington Post Columnist: Rand Paul Wasn't Clapping For Bibi Nearly Enough
Fan Gets Plastic Surgery to Look Like The Red Skull From Captain America: The First Avenger
2 Chainz Smokes 24-Karat Rolling Papers; Nancy Grace Responds
Po-boy shop offering 1,000 pieces of chicken as reward for graffiti suspects' arrest
Ohio Suspect Turns Himself in After Facebook Exchange With Sheriff's Office
Cats outnumber people on this mysterious 'Cat Island'
Video: Screaming Officer Responds To Teenage Snow Ball Fight With Gun Drawn - "Dont F***ing Move" - Police State Daily
Video: Officer Responds To Teenage Snow Ball Fight With Gun Drawn - "Dont F***ing Move"
Angry man accused of taking aim with a snow blower at a helpful neighbor
Scientists have figured out what makes Indian food so delicious
Sooty and Sweep fan has benefits withdrawn and can no longer support Facebook appreciation page
Ben & Jerry's Founders Think Pot Ice Cream 'Makes Sense'
Did an anti-Semitic smear campaign lead a Missouri gubernatorial candidate to kill himself?
Weasel photographed flying on woodpecker's back
Prince's junior high basketball photo proves he's always been a player
Iowa class teaches how to carry both weapon and baby
Bill Gates: Polio Vaccine Program Causes 47,500 Deaths
Ammo Vending Machine put in use in Pennsylvania
Man smokes weed, sucks horse's dick
FBI investigates glitter bomb mailed to congressman
So my city is fucking being choked out by poison gas as I was on my way to work...
Weasel on woodpecker: 'It's almost a dream'
Ohio fugitive who responded to his photo on sheriff's Facebook page now in custody
Ohio Teenager almost found dead in China after flying 7,000 miles and failing to hook up with a Chinese girl he fell in love with online
Man walks into NSW police station with severed penis
Seth Rogan's pot fumes delay hacked Sony boss's office move
Starving koalas secretly culled at Cape Otway, 'overpopulation issues' blamed for ill health
Final Fantasy Creator Hates Sequels
Woman driver kills her husband AND herself in freak car parking accident as she practiced reversing with six-year-old daughter in car
NFL Champions To Donate Brains To Science
Woman files for divorce after one week of marriage - because her husband's penis is too big
Man Acquitted of Crime, Cops Still Take His Cash
Girl battling cancer wants playhouse but homeowners association objects
Canadian central bank asks 'Star Trek' fans to stop 'Spocking' $5 bills in honor of Leonard Nimoy
Newlywed seeks to annul marriage over husband's 'nightmare' penis being 'too big'
Fugitive in Custody after Commenting on His Wanted Photo on Facebook
'Sex selfie stick' lets users FaceTime the inside of a vagina
Man hands 'penis' into NSW police station
Man burned by fajitas while praying can't sue Applebee's
Somehow I missed this: Both the PSL and Green Chicago City Council candidates were kicked out of the election by the City.
Man hands in 'penis' at Toukley police station
Ben Carson: Many prisoners go in straight, come out gay
Webcam model streaming sex show at library caught in act
Man claims exploding iPhone left him with severe leg burns
America Could Have Been Saved If We'd Listened To Glenn Beck, Says Glenn Beck
Fake surveillance cameras stolen from porch
You can't make fun of terrorists at the U. of Minnesota
Metro Transit hiring 'bathroom czar' to solve potty problem
Councilwoman brings attention to incorrect references to Atlanta's Airport
It's Raining Cats and Tourists on a Japanese Island
Bill Shorten Legally Changes Name to 'Not Tony Abbott'
Alabama police taser electrical engineer at his own housewarming party
MetLife MyBenefits Account Log on to Common Access Page
Scott Walker loves Ronald Reagan more than seems humanly possible
A Novel Solution to Public Urination: Walls That Splash Pee Right Back at You
London Bridge: 12 Contenders Including 'Flaming Mouth of Hades'
Toyboy becomes stuck inside his married lover after suffering 'penis captivus' during sex... then crowd gathers to see after rumours it was caused by husband casting black magic spell
Woman beaten for two hours after sitting on her friends Whopper Jr.
Deputy shoots, kills family's pony: 'My vet said there was absolutely nothing wrong with him'
Man tries to sue Applebee's after burning his face while praying over his fajitas.
Mexico complains after Pope Francis warned of "Mexicanization" of Argentina
Man Who Posted 'Looking for a Girlfriend' Flyers All Over NYC Says He's Been Laid 118 Times
Who Gets Food Stamps? White People, Mostly
Boy Leaves Expletive-Laden Message for Paper's Editor
Fearing abortion and lesbians, Conservative Christians boycott Girl Scout cookies
Man Can't Sue Applebee's Over Burns He Got Praying Over Fajitas
Edmonton jurors examine deceased woman's vagina
Woman protests Uber's $100 'bodily fluids' fee
Elon Musk used prison labor and still couldn't turn a profit.
Homer Simpson apparently predicted the mass of the Higgs boson particle
Small Business Accounting: The key for successful business
Nokia 1100 with Android 5.0 leaks in new benchmark
'Hot prisoner' lands modelling contract
Rob Ford's Famed 'Crack Tie' Sells On eBbay
The Bank of Canada is warning people to stop drawing Spock on their money
No harm in skunk for most of us, says Sir Richard Branson
Woman dug up father's grave to find hidden will but found only booze and fags
Homer Simpson discovered Higgs Boson 14 years before scientists proved its existence - or, maybe not
Scrolled to the bottom of glitter bomb governor and found The masturbatory man from Omaha
North Korea applauds 'knife attack of justice' on U.S. ambassador
Writer of protest song says he 'didn't want to upset anyone'
When disaster strikes, FEMA turns to Waffle House
Daughters Living in the Same House Discover Mother's Corpse Eight Months After Her Death
Homer Simpson discovered Higgs boson 14 years before scientists, author claims
Man prepares to pay £20,000 on cosmetic surgery so he can look like his idol, Katie Price
Man prepares to pay £20,000 on cosmetic surgery to look like his idol, Katie Price
Kanye West announces he'll leave the United States because of racism
Russian Magazine Features Putin Being Licked by Bear for Women's Day
Man confesses to killing, brings body to lawyer's office
Putin calls for an end to the "shameful" killing of his political opponents
MI5 and MI6 must recruit spies from Mumsnet, says watchdog
Not even the Danes can understand Danish
Security once shredded a ham someone sent Mark Zuckerberg because they thought it was a bomb
Las Vegas hospital accidentally sends miscarried fetuses to laundry
Man 'Rapes' Chicken to Death to Avenge Killing of His Fowl By Employer.
Elementary School Dumps Homework and Tells Kids to Play Instead
Meghalaya PSC Recruitment 2015 Notification 291 LDA Jigsaw HO mpsc.nic.in
Man Burned by Food While Praying Can't Sue Applebee's: Court Read more: http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/weird/Man-Burned-by-Food-While-Praying-Cant-Sue-Applebees-Court-295072171.html#ixzz3TWARuHda Follow us: @nbcphiladelphia on Twitter | nbcphiladelphia on Facebook
Denmark wants to rebrand part of Sweden as 'Greater Copenhagen'
Homer Simpson predicted the Higgs boson theory 14 years in advance - Science author claims
Bill Bratton's reefer madness
Crybaby criminal turns himself in after police taunt him on Facebook
Homeowner's association says no to playhouse for girl battling cancer
'Fear of Flying' confidence flight was struck by lightning.
Hall & Oates sue makers of Haulin' Oats granola
6-Year-Old Suspended and "Reeducated" After Pointing Finger Like Gun
A Couple Went To A 'Fifty Shades'-Themed Museum Exhibit And Proceeded To Have Sex All Over It
Russia's only Gulag memorial is redesigned to celebrate the Gulag
Bank of Canada angry over Spock Banknotes
Imam who called for death for Ayaan Hirsi Ali hired by feds to teach Islam to prisoners
Why You Should Stop Eating Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner
Golden Gate Bridge jumper says sea lion saved him
Carnegie Class of 2015 Remembers the Dead Horse
Boston toddlers drinking coffee is not uncommon, study finds
Wrestler born with no hands or feet places 6th in state tournament
Hall and Oates sue over cereal name
Man burned by food while praying can't sue Applebee's
Man calls 911 to say wife stole his cocaine
The Keurig K-Cup's inventor says he feels bad that he made it
Japanese "Pear Fairy" Funassyi Plots World Domination
California lawyer proposes ballot measure to execute gays
Man burned by fajitas while praying over them can't sue Applebee's
Criminal Mastermind Robs Bank with Dessert Spoon
Man, 101, eats birthday breakfast on the house
New Jersey man can't sue Applebee's for burns suffered while praying over sizzling fajita skillet
McDonald's throwing SXSW party (yay), Ex Cops tear into them for not paying the bands that will play
Fort Myers lawyer says client showed up with body in truck
Bill to make 'Hang on Sloopy' Ohio's rock song passes House
Court: Man burned by fajitas while praying can't sue eatery
Infatuated US teen found almost frozen to death on bank of Chinese river after travelling 7,000 miles to be rejected by girl he fell in love with over the internet
KEURIG CREATOR 'REGRETS' HIS INVENTION
Teacher Jailed for Showing "The ABC of Death" to High School Students
New York City Public School System Will Begin Closing to Observe Muslim Holidays
Two roommates are opening a museum dedicated solely to Tonya Harding and Nancy Kerrigan
Maryland parents who allowed their 'free range' children to walk home on their own cited for neglect | National Post
'Doing. Tesco. Over': robber caught after boasting about raid on Facebook
Look to Mumsnet for new recruits, British intelligence agencies told
Young seal found wandering Halifax street
Facebook boast traps King's Lynn Tesco armed robber
Grave Robbers Once Held Charlie Chaplin's Body For Ransom
Report: Dutch police investigate sale of 'Holocaust soap' said made from Jewish bodies
Captive Russian Bears Suffer from Alcohol Addiction, Junk Food Diet
Octopus snatches camera, snaps photos of photographer
The Right to Link is at Risk
Can Menopausal Killer Whales Have It All?
McDonald's Headlining SXSW this year
Rob Ford's crack-smoking confession NFL logo tie sells for $16K
The Saudi king gave a prize to an Islamic scholar who says 9/11 was an 'inside job'
Riot is building a League of Legends-shaped artificial reef off Australia's coast
Letcher County woman arrested, sets hair and clothing on fire
Sexy Male Escort Service Cowboys4Angels Built On Bed Of Lies
Alcoholic Russian bears may get rehab help in Romania
More than 100 stealth egg attacks baffle one Euclid homeowner and police (photos and video)
Neknominate goldfish man banned from owning fish
Horse skeleton chases blue cock from Trafalgar Square
MAN BURNED WHILE PRAYING OVER FAJITAS CAN'T SUE APPLEBEE'S
Man arrested with weed in container labeled 'not weed'
Everglades To Be Killed This October by Florida's Own Koch Brothers
Boy excluded from World Book Day for Fifty Shades of Grey costume.
New Kansas Law Would Make It a Crime to Teach Sex Ed, Classical Art, and Shakespeare
Ben & Jerry's might make marijuana ice cream
Big Corn Butters Up the 2016 Presidential Hopefuls
Woman accused of Facebook chatting before crash that killed 3 kids
Man accused of buying auto insurance from scene of car wreck
'Isis-themed wedding' sees couple hold first dance in a cage surrounded by men with knives
Mexico's Birthday-Boy Mayor Gives Robin Hood Defense for Stealing
Wrong body cremated at funeral of Tory MEP Philip Bradbourn
Widow sues herself for negligence in car crash that killed husband
Vandal Destroys Conceptual Art Water Fountain
Couple Busted Banging Inside '50 Shades' Themed Event Read more: http://www.tmz.com/2015/03/04/las-vegas-erotic-museum-sex-surveillance-camera-50-shades-of-grey/#ixzz3TXXmaFCN
Couple Busted Banging Inside '50 Shades' Themed Event
Lawmaker claims illegal immigrants released by Obama are committing a murder a day.
Man confessed to killing his neighbor and brought the body to his lawyer's office
Leaks damage Germany's spy agency......water leaks.
'It was like mashed potatoes covered in feathers': Bags of decomposing bald eagles found in B.C.
Iran's foreign minister says Netanyahu got Jewish scripture wrong
Martha Stewart | Simple and Easy Cucumber Water
Signing specialists are a distraction
[x-post r/scotland] Police Scotland bans 'pigs' from Facebook page
Better Marry A Redhead- Turns Out They Might Be Genetically Superior
Philadelphia officials seek to cure journalism student of his 'high-minded ideas about government'
Man Burned by Food While Praying Can't Sue Applebee's: Court
Redhead redemption: Give us our ginger emojis, petition demands
Reddit is Fertile Ground for Recruitment
Texans' D.J. Swearinger under investigation for allegedly stealing his own truck
General Motors dropped the last e in employee to cut costs
Toy Story 4 Will Not Continue Original Trilogy's Story, Will Be A Romantic Comedy
Police Scotland bans 'pigs' from Facebook page
Quebec resident Alain Philippon to fight charge for not giving up phone password at airport
Man Who Burned Face Praying Over Sizzling Fajitas Can't Sue Applebee's
John McCain says he doesn't use e-mail, afraid of what he'll say
Russian embassy hopes the koala President Vladimir Putin hugged during G20 survived the secret government cull
Canadians Told To Stop Drawing Spock On $5
Man w/ No Crimnial Record Faces Life in Prison for Flashing Gang Signs on Facebook
Republicans more confident than Democrats they'll survive the apocalypse, poll finds
Kanye West Gave a Talk at Oxford Yesterday
Pornhub Is Getting Into Wearable Tech With the Wankband.
Alcoholic Russian bears offered stint in rehab
Donkey basketball in Redford draws PETA activists' ire
Man Sues Applebee's After Suffering Burns From Praying Over Fajitas
Nigerian woman files for divorce because her husband's penis is 'too big'
Rep. Don Young: Wolves would solve homelessness
Yoga class interrupted for "disturbing the peace"
50 Shades of Grey World Book Day costume of Christian Grey got boy, 11, excluded from celebrations.
Republicans' "Internet Freedom Act" would wipe out net neutrality
Guilt by Association: Facebook Pics Could Help Send a Young Man to Prison for Life
Cristiano Ronaldo sends stylist to museum to brush waxwork's hair
Subdivison HOA Denice's playhouse to 6 year old girl with leukemia
Fifty Shades of Grey banned by Indian censors despite sex scenes being edited out
1,000 pieces of chicken offered as reward to catch New Orleans grafitti vandals
Librarian charged with entering homes, saying she was looking for books
Vanilla Ice to Perform at BET Selma Anniversary Concert
Subdivision HOA denies a playhouse to 6 year old girl with leukemia
Oregon man accused of stealing bikes, goat too
The Democrats' Dick Cheney
Portland man arrested for allegedly stealing 2 bicycles and a goat named Penelope
LeBron James Jr. And The Professionalization Of 4th Grade Sports
170-Year-Old Shipwreck Beer Smells Gross
Cyborg Man Can Paint Mozart And People's Voices With Antenna Implant
Kanye West gives guest lecture at Oxford University: 'If I, Kanye West, can remove my ego, I think there's hope for everyone'
Man Who Burned Face While Praying over Sizzling Fajitas at Applebee's Can't Sue
'Jeopardy' Contestants Stumped By 'RuPaul's Drag Race' Concern
Upstate New York radio station now plays Christmas music all year long
Public buildings in Hamburg, Germany now urinate back on you if you pee on them
A southwest Florida man put his dead neighbor in the bed of his pickup truck and drove to his lawyer's office claiming he'd killed the man in self-defense.
Subdivision denies a playhouse to Raymore girl with leukemia
Man Cooking Up Ramen In A Speedo Accidentally Shoots Himself In The Nuts With 20 Bottle Rockets
Feeling flush? Find bathrooms for bus drivers for $97,000
'Heroic' giant rats sniff out landmines in Tanzania | Sam Jones
Pot grower pocket-dials sheriff during drug-production conversation
Iain Duncan Smith: Taking people off benefits is 'compassionate'
Hall and Oates sue over granola-maker's Haulin' Oats cereal
Man Can't Sue Applebee's For Getting Burned While Praying Over Fajitas
Cops Make Parade Float Mocking a Woman for Being Raped By Her Father as a Child
American in Mideast jail after complaining about job on Facebook
Florida Man's Facebook Job Complaints Land Him In Middle Eastern Jail
Facebook rant lands US man in UAE jail
Colorado Sheriffs Say Marijuana Legalization Should Be Overturned Because It Makes Them Uncomfortable
Colorado debates whether IUDs are contraception or abortion
Iran: We saved the Jews three times; Netanyahu should learn history
Unpopular Georgia "Religious Liberty" (A.K.A. right to discriminate) bill passed during bathroom break.
6-year-old suspended after pointing at classmate in shape of gun
Court tells man he can't sue Applebee's after he burned himself praying over a hot plate
Man shoots sister over penis shaped cake
Hillary Clinton won't take questions at event honoring journalism Hillary Clinton won't take questions at event honoring journalism
Harrison Ford pulled from plane wreckage.
Florida Man Brings Neighbor's Body To Lawyer's Office
Underhill voters elect man who died
The Liberal National Party reportedly plans to hold an International Women's Day function at a men-only club
George W. Bush cancels visit to Swiss charity gala over fears he could be arrested on torture charges
Ultra Conservative Arkansas Legislator abandons adoptive 6 year old Daughter with Man who Sexually Abuses her
Human Poop Becoming a Serious Littering Issue on Mt. Everest
Ultra Conservative Arkansas Legislator Abandons Adopted 6-Year-Old Daughter with Man who Sexually Abuses Her
Dallas teacher cusses at students, brags about penis in profanity-laced rant: video
Crocodile selfies: Tourists warned not to risk life by taking photos with crocs in NT
Facebook vagina pic triggers landmark case
Don Young Suggests Wolves Could Help Get Rid Of Homeless People
Coca-Cola apologizes for Fanta ad that overlooked Nazis, WWII
Man Burned by Fajitas While Praying Can't Sue Applebees.
'Respect The Robot': Giant Robots Oversee Traffic In Kinshasa
Backsplash: Deflective "Peeback" Walls Fight Public Urination
How to set up your own questionably secure home e-mail system, just like Hillary Clinton
Giant Robots Oversee Traffic In Kinshasa
Kansas Sec. of State Kris Kobach: 'It's not a huge jump' to say Obama will halt prosecutions of all black criminals. 'It's already happening, more of less, in the case of civil rights laws.'
Judge asks Indian jail to install cable for viewing ICC Cricket World Cup 2015
Indian court rules prisoners need cable TV to watch Cricket World Cup in their cells
Hello kitty and kitty and more kitties on Japanese island where cats rule
Sex, Cocaine, and Debauchery: Partying with Hezbollah on New Years Eve in Beirut.
HOA denies dying girl's last wish
Man drives neighbor's dead body to lawyer's office
Police Searching For Freeloading Selfie Suspect
This Guy Posted Flyers Around Town Looking For A Girlfriend And Wound Up Having Sex With 118 Women Instead
Wankband charges gizmos with a flick of the wrist
Clark County man threatened Obama, punched Secret Service agent
Foreigners partying has to be captured on video in Karnataka, rules govt
Daring octopus escape at Seattle Aquarium or something else entirely?
Cops Say a High School Dean Shot a Teenager Execution Style
[Middle school] students fight use of R-word
Monica Lewinsky to give TED Talk
Nigeria Nigerian woman files for divorce with Shariah court as her husband's 'penis is too big' to bear
Canada Central Bank: Stop painting Spock on $5 notes
It's 'peeback time': Activists apply special paint that sprays piss back on public urinators.
The LNP is hosting a Women's Day event at a men-only club & Tony Abbott says they're "smashing the glass ceiling"
California Man's Ballot Proposal: Death to Gays
Kobach: Obama Could Ban Prosecutions of African Americans
Giant X-Ray Screen Erases Gender, Age, Race To Prove 'We Are All Human'
Germany: Theft at Spy Headquarters
Dating site for beautiful people kicks out more than 3,000 members for 'letting themselves go'
Hamburg residents take revenge on late-night revelers with urine-repellent paint
Lawyer Left in 'Shock' After Client Arrives at His Office With a Dead Body
Truck crew says carsickness led to $4.8M heist of gold bars
Nokia CEO: We Have To Get Rid Of Net Neutrality, Otherwise Self-Driving Cars Will Keep On Crashing Into Each Other
3 Women Arrested for Brutally Beating a Friend for Sitting on Their Hamburger
DC Police Return Seized Marijuana to Residents
Australian Public Accidentally Elects Person Who Represents Them
Leonard Nimoy: Bank of Canada urges Star Trek fans to stop 'spocking' five dollar notes
11-year-old boy wasn't allowed to participate in World Book Day because he dressed like Christian Grey
The man who posted himself to Australia
Sisters' anguish as pet store kills pet and returns body frozen in plastic bag
D.C. Man Walks into Police Station, Asks for his Seized Weed Back... Cops Gave it Back
Canadians Are 'Spocking' Their $5 Bills, Which Is Both Awesome And Totally Legal
Kabul woman wears armour to protest sexual harassment
World Book Day: Boy 'excluded' from school after dressing up as Fifty Shades' Christian Grey
Kansas attorney general Kris Kobach says it would not be a "huge jump" for Obama to end the prosecutions of African Americans for every crime.
Schoolboy barred from World Book Day over Christian Grey costume
Christian Lawyer Proposes Bill to Execute Gay People With Bullets to the Head
India: Man Rapes Injured Cow Using Coconut Oil as Lubricant
Pussy Riot Cause a Whimper on US TV Show House of Cards
Austin man gets tattoo of 'The Dress'
Robocops being used as traffic police in Democratic Republic of Congo
Women should not pretend to be Superwoman to be leaders, says King's Fund
11-year-old boy excluded from World Book Day celebrations for dressing as Christian Grey
School Board pays $1.2 million for half a test because the whole test was too expensive.
Schoolboy, 11, 'excluded' from lessons after turning up to World Book Day dressed in Fifty Shades of Grey outfit with cable ties and an eye mask
GOP lawmaker: Gay people "don't have a right to be served in every single store"
Man can't sue Applebee's after getting burned while praying over fajitas
Nevada Considers Legalizing 'Pop-Tart' Guns In Schools
Ex-Mossad chief calls Netanyahu's Iran speech 'bullshit'
Funeral for Big Al's owner Al Zuccarini will be Tuesday at the 'world famous' strip club
Will.i.am calls for ethical stance on 3D-printing human bodies
Court says guy who burned his face praying over sizzling fajitas at Applebee's can't sue
الشراء من موقع http://dz.kaymu.com في الجزائر (التحايل على المشتري)
Police helicopter scrambles to investigate "screaming", finds goats
Chelsea Clinton: Men have to lead the way to global gender equality
Seniors vote for Communism-themed prom
Michael Deeds: '50 Shades' too racy? Idaho law puts theaters in bind
Six-year-old girl drinks Iceland milk which 'turned out to be glue'
Harrison Ford 'Saved Several Lives' by Avoiding Suburbs in Plane Crash
Nigel Farage tells dominatrix Ukip supporter who believes leader has been sent from God: 'I'm not the Messiah, I'm a very naughty boy'
Nigel Farage to dominatrix Dominatrix Ukipper saying Nigel is a messenger from God: 'I Am Not The Messiah, I Am A Very Naughty Boy'
World of Warcraft gamer dies after playing 19 hours straight
U.S citizen deported to Mexico
Teacher convicted of four felonies for showing horror movie to teens
Neo-Nazis troll Reddit to recruit 'Alex Jones-reading kosher retards'
Rep. Don Young's solution for the "homeless problem": wolves
How to Avoid a Fine: Have Putin on Your Car Hood
Astronomers studying supernovas discover they are watching the same supernova over and over again
Russian Court Denounces Jehovah's Witnesses as 'Extremist'
Alaska Republican's solution for homelessness: Wolves.
GOP Lawmaker Suggests Wolves Could Help Get Rid Of Homeless People.
Is Sasha Grey the new face of "Peeps"
Joe Biden Releases Both E-mails Written While Vice-President
Comcast Blocks HBO Go From Working On Playstation 4, Won't Coherently Explain Why
NJ Man suing Applebee's for burns suffered when he bent his head down to pray over his steak fajitas
M-HORSE 9500MINI Android 4.1 3.5 inch
Hall and Oates sue the makers of "Haulin' Oats" cereal
WTF: Groom Stages Fake ISIS Kidnapping During Wedding
Lotto Winner Sued by Liquor Store Owner Who Sold Ticket
Facebook user Michelle Chapman first woman to be jailed for trolling herself
Asian Seafood Raised on Pig Feces Approved for U.S. Consumers
Alaska republican's solution to homelessness: Wolves
Funeral for Big Al's owner Al Zuccarini will be at the 'world famous' strip club
The end is near: Nickelback just released a disco song
Attorney Client Privilege: Should It Apply When You Bring Your Victim To An Office Visit?
Activists Start "BlackOut" Day on Social Media; "F*ck Yo Saltine-Amerikkkan Forefathers!"
UK bans ad for implying Old Jerusalem part of Israel
More Unarmed Black Men Killed in 2014 Than All Other Races Combined
MLB player Daniel Norris lives in a van behind Florida Wal-Mart
Cristiano Ronaldo Sends His Personal Hair Stylist To Check on His Wax Museum Likeness Once A Month
'Crazy' badger puts Swedish hotel on lockdown
Giving Head is Good For Your Health
Air from a Kanye West show selling for $60,000
The Salvation Army's powerful new ad on domestic violence puts #thedress debate in a new light
Kansas attorney general Kris Kobach says it wouldn't be "a huge jump" for Obama to exonerate every black criminal in the country.
Bargains are all well and good, until a dodgy chainsaw loses an arm
British boy, 11, sent home for 'Fifty Shades' costume on World Book Day - The Globe and Mail
Woman who ate yoghurt made out of bacteria from her vagina surprised by negative online comments
Man arrssted after calling 911 to report his wife stole his cocaine.
K-Cup creator John Sylvan regrets inventing Keurig coffee pod system
This 33-year-old race car driver woke up after a crash and thought he was 13
GOP Alaska congressman says wolves could solve homelessness
19th century vagina sparks French lawsuit against Facebook
Boston minister who preached against violence shoots teen in head, police say
Vanilla Ice to perform at Selma anniversary concert
Fifty Shades of Grey boy, 11, causes stir at school
Panthers holding contest to let fan be practice backup goalie
Police can't crack case of home pelted with eggs for a year
Funeral for local strip club owner to be held at the 'world famous' strip club
11-year-old sent home from school for Christian Grey costume
Man burned by fajitas while praying can't sue eatery
The Islamic State wins prestigious Turner Prize for modern art
TV Station Cuts to Reporter for the Weather and He's Ordering McDonald's Instead
Egyptian authorities investigating pornographic video filmed by tourists at the site of Giza pyramids and Sphinx
Albino killers sentenced to death in Tanzania
Spiritual leader 'manipulated 400 men into removing their testicles so that they could be closer to God'
Greek reforms include the recruiting of "students, housekeepers, even tourists" to serve as undercover tax inspectors.
Kids Break Capitol Hill Sledding Rules With Impunity
Man wearing fedora robs Derry Twp. bank
Quebec resident Alain Philippon to fight charge for not giving up phone password at airport (x-post /r/worldnews)
Greek reforms include undercover tax inspectors
Irish sisters' heartbreak as pet store kills cat and returns frozen body in plastic bag
Ford Unveils New Lamborghini
Ohio house pelted by eggs for a year; police can't crack case
This Man Got Sentenced to 30 Days in Jail for Picking Up Trash Too Early
Congressmen says that if he let wolves loose in other districts, they wouldn't have a homeless problem anymore.
Ottawa thief throws eye at lawyer
Southbank reviews security after man jumps on stage to take selfie
Ouch! Injuries rise on popular inflatable amusements
There's an emoji for 'feeling fat' - and a petition to ban it
Girls born today will be 81 years old by the time their chances of becoming CEOs are equal to men
This Guy Is Eating A Chipotle Burrito A Day For 100 Days To Help His Frat Bro Who Has Cancer
Man 'ties drugs to balloon to avoid getting caught by police'
Dwarf-like creature seen in Ewell, according to Fairy Investigation Society
A man was detained at the Canadian border for refusing to give up his iPhone password
Israelis find it's the smell, not the grip, that makes a handshake
Report of police car hitting turkey ruffles bird lovers' feathers
GARBAGE COLLECTOR JAILED FOR WORKING TOO EARLY
New Zealanders Are Stealing the Car Keys of Tourists Who Drive Badly
Five-Time Married Politician Wants to Defend Sanctity of Marriage
Cops attack unity rally - against police brutality
The FBI shuts down pig brothel in Missouri.
Man arrested after calling police to report theft of cocaine
Does congressman really want to sic wolves on the homeless?
Boston babies buzzing on coffee
Petition tells Buffalo, NY leaders to rename city due to the offensive nature of the word buffalo.
Facebook's "feeling fat" emoticon gets a thumbs down
Swanson claims girls who sell girl scout cookies will become lesbians
Man Arrested After Calling 911 To Report His Wife Stole His Cocaine
Fat Biker Beats the Sled Dog Iditarod Record
Fat bike rider beats iditarod sled dog record.
UC Irvine Students Vote To Remove American Flag From Campus Lobby
Four journalists working for a German public broadcasting station, were detained by police at the Parc de la Villette in Paris for preparing to fly a drone, were reportedly planning to use the drone to film a story on the recent spate of mysterious drones spotted flying around landmarks in Paris
Virtual Reality's Vomit Problem
North Korean Diplomat Stopped In Bangladesh With $1.4 Million In Gold
Let's Solve Homelessness - With Wolves, Says GOP Congressman
D.C. police forced to return man's marijuana after he walked into the police station and demanded it back.
Kim Kardashian says she has sex '500 times a day'
Only "Vegans Of Color" allowed at Northwest Animal Liberation forum session at Portland State
More than $9k in panties stolen from Wyoming JC Penney
Does a Congressman Really Want to Sic Wolves on the Homeless?
Study: 15 percent of toddlers in Boston are drinking coffee
Traffic Reporter Caught on Live TV at Drive-Thru Ordering a Fish Sandwich
Listen: Man arrested for calling 911 to report his wife stole his cocaine
Man posts on Facebook that he is going to rob a supermarket, 15 minutes later he is arrested £410 richer
Canadians have been asked to stop "Spoking" their bank notes
Truck carrying 32k pounds of eggs overturns in NC; scrambles traffic
Cal Irvine's Student Government Bans The American Flag From Being Hung, Deems It "Offensive"
Boston high school dean ran drug ring, tried to kill teen
Democratic politician gave away his adopted child who was then raped.
Hair Freezing Contest is the Most Canadian Thing Ever
OPRF parents upset 'Black Lives Matter' assembly excludes other races
Haul & Oates sue makers of Haulin' Oats granola.
Arkansas State Rep Probably Had Good Reason For Giving Adopted Daughter To Guy Who Raped Her
Man shot sister with BB gun over phallic birthday cake, Holly Hill police say
19-Week-Old "Blob Of Cells" Is Changing Minds And Saving Lives
ACLU Defends Washington Redskins, But Still Thinks They're 'A**holes'
Perfectly Round Egg Fetches More Than $700 on eBay
Girl Battling Cancer to Get Playhouse After Missouri Homeowners Association Reverses Its Decision
College student council bans american flag in lobby at University of California Irvine
Miss BumBum back in the hospital with infected butt implant.
Students at UC Irvine vote to ban American flag
Harrison Ford 'saved several lives' by landing plane on golf course - witness
German city uses water-repellent paint to splash public urinators with their own pee
U. California students remove offensive American flag from 'inclusive' space
Pewdiepie Would Like People To Stop Telling Him To Fist Them
Bank To 'Star Trek' Fans: It May Not Be Illegal But Stop Spocking Our Bills
US Gov Agrees To Pay Airman Hit By 'UFO Radiation'
A 6-Year-Old Girl With Cancer Was Denied Her Wish For A Playhouse By The Homeowners Association
Dispute over cat leads to stabbing, six arrests
Teen burglars thought stuff in the bag was cocaine, not ashes, St. Peters police say
Police find a seal 'taking a leisurely stroll' down the middle of a downtown street
Man smokes weed, then has his way with a horse
Planet Fitness cancels woman's membership after her complaints of transgender woman in locker room.
School votes for communism-themed dance dubbed 'prom-munism'
After 29 hours on I-65, couple finally makes it home
WATCH: Truther explains to state panel how Internet 'proves' Newtown shooting was a hoax
Fox News reports on a new "Stupidity Virus"
Punk band comprised of members with Down syndrome makes it into Eurovision semi-finals
Police unsure how thieves stole AC unit off Best Buy roof
Russian Ex-Finance Minister Kudrin Defends McDonald's and Coca-Cola
Zombie outbreak? Leave S.F. fast, say scientists
Zip code with most Obamacare enrollments votes Republican
Idaho Law Bans Booze During 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Showings
British school boy excluded from school activities for dressing as Christian Grey
Fans bid more than $60,000 for bag of air from Kanye show
Amsterdam mulls underwater bike garage as available parking for cyclists dwindles
Man buys auto insurance *after* getting into accident
Your selfie stick is no longer welcome at the Smithsonian
'50 Shades of Grey' Costume Gets British Schoolboy Reprimanded
Woman Throws Flaming Shirt at Brother During Argument, DA Says
Superlatively circular egg cracks $700 mark in eBay auction
For I have pressed 'send': Priest hears sins via Snapchat
Conservative columnist can't mourn Nimoy's death because Spock reminds him of Obama
Article says Obama called ferguson police "racist"
Planet Fitness terminates a woman's membership after she inquired about a man using the woman's locker room
Beaver problem in town called Beaverton in the Beaver State
Home pelted by eggs for a year; police can't crack case
eBay users bid more than $65,000 for a bag of AIR from a Kanye West concert
Librarian charged with entering homes. Looking for un-returned books.
Students forced to exercise to get snacks
Pixar President Jim Morris reveals Toy Story 4 will be a romantic comedy, not a continuation of Toy Story 3
Fewer women leading FTSE firms than men called John
Refugees pay more income tax than millionaire investor immigrants
Slash attack envoy offered dog meat - Independent.ie
11 year old dresses as "50 shades of grey" character for world book day,mother is shocked at schools displeasure..
Rep. Young Says Wolves May Cure "Homeless Problem"
Angry badger shuts down luxury Stockholm hotel, forces police to intervene
School Punishes 11-Year-Old for Dressing up as Christian Grey
Cop threatens to take four-year-old's bike
Schoolboy, 11, sent home from lessons after turning up to World Book Day dressed in Fifty Shades of Grey outfit with cable ties and an eye mask
Thousands of women are throwing a guy a dance party after he was body shamed
Ohio home pelted by eggs for a year; police can't crack case
Porn Filmed At Egypt's Pyramids Sparks Outrage
Washington museums ban selfie sticks
University of California Irvine Student Gov't Bans American Flag From 'Inclusive' Campus Space
US mom faces prison sentence for blocking son's circumcision
Facebook's 'feeling fat' emoticon is fueling a fight over digital body shaming
Students at UC Irvine ban the American Flag in order to make the campus feel more culturally inclusive
Three Men Get Married in World's First 3-Way Gay Wedding in Thailand
Chicken killers leave at least 300,000 dead, millions in damage to SC farms
Christian chaplain fired for preaching compassion and love over violence of American Sniper
Greece 'eyes tourists as amateur tax inspectors'
McDonalds workers reveal 'behind the counter' secrets
Jail Looms for Mom Who Fled With Son to Fight Circumcision.
Less Porn, More Scripture on New Russian Orthodox Search Engine
Kanye West air from Yeezus concert selling on eBay for $60,000
The Future Is Here: New Laser Weapon Can Smoke a Hole in a Vehicle And/Or Terrorist From a Mile Away
Teen arrested after alleged Facebook emoji threats
Egyptian authorities investigate after tourists make 'porn film' at pyramids
Angry badger shuts down luxury Stockholm hotel after scaring gue
During Bakery Break-In, Only Recipes Are Taken
NY jury awards man named Ferrari $95K for impounded Ferrari
Jail looms for Heather Hironimus, Florida mom who fled with son to fight circumcision
Don Young suggests introducing wolves as solution to homelessness
Suspect arrested: "Jesus Christ told me to steal an ambulance"
White House Locked Down After Alert From Bomb-Sniffing Dog
White House on lockdown after loud bang
Local parents concerned about WiFi radiation
Mexican Drug Lord Lived in a Cave and Was Caught Because His Girlfriend Brought Him Birthday Cake
The Time a Cop Pretended His Arm Was a Vagina to Bust a Cyber-Perv
Pittsburgh Set to Become First City Run by Google
Air from Kanye West concert receives eBay bids of over £39,000 on eBay
Billboard of KKK Founder posted near Selmas Historic Bridge.
UC Irvine student council votes to ban American flag
Woman, 20, who loathed her looks cancels boob job just 48 hours before op after winning a beauty contest
Conservative columnist apathetic to Nimoy's death because Spock reminds him of Obama
'Diamond' Planet May Not be Such a Gem
UC Irvine Student Leadership Panel Votes To Remove American Flag From Campus Lobby
Water-Resistant Walls In Germany Shoot Pee Right Back At Drunk People
Catholic Priest Says Yoga Is The Gateway To "Kingdom Of Darkness"
Japan's Solution To Lack Of Sex: A "Handsome" Tax
Roseburg man accidentally shoots himself in groin at local bar
Atlanta Area Garbage Collector Jailed For Working Too Early
Man stabs OAP then says sorry
Yoga could lead Christians to 'Kingdom of Darkness': Irish priest
Adorable pig blocks traffic in Maine
Bagley vs Bagley: Widow sues herself after her husband dies in crash
U.C. Irvine Student Government Bans American Flag From Campus
UC Irvine Student Government Bans American Flag From Campus
Garbage man sent to jail for picking up trash too early
Moerlein Lager House's website allegedly hacked by ISIS
Bags of Air From Kanye West's Yeezus Tour Are for Sale on eBay
British Man Gets Drunk Off Of French Fries
White House on lockdown after loud noise is heard
Man proposes to girlfriend, she jumps in joy and falls off cliff in Spain Read more at: http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/man-proposes-to-girlfriend-she-jumps-in-joy-and-falls-off-cliff-in-spain/1/416146.html
Arian Foster hates Caillou and you should, too
Egypt: Russian porn movie shot at Pyramids of Giza sparks outrage across country, authorities start investigation
U.C. Irvine Student Government Bans National Flags From Campus Areas
Chinese foodstuff mistaken for drugs at Russian airport
Chocolate cake takes down Mexico's most wanted drug lord
NYPD Says Innocent, Unarmed People Shot By Cops Are 'Walking Into Police Bullets'
Florida preacher claims robots deserve to be Christians
UC Irvine student body government voted to ban all flags from the common lobby area of student government offices
Scientists Say You're at Your Most Attractive When a Little Buzzed
Ebay Overrun With Bagged Air From Kanye West Concerts
SCS educators fight literacy during special training session
IT FOLLOWS: Supernatural STD horror film will creep y'all out
Iraqi refugee fatally shot watching first snowfall in Dallas after moving to 'safer place' 3 weeks ago
Garbage Man Sentenced To 30 DAYS IN JAIL For Picking Up Trash Too Early
Denmark: Calls for Muhammad cartoons in school textbooks
Dr. Seuss comes to the Supreme Court
The Officer Who Killed Unarmed Wisconsin Teen Had Killed Before
Man calls 911 to report stolen cocaine
Why Classic Rock Isn't What It Used To Be
Russian customs mistake Chinese tofu shipment for drugs
Man erects middle finger sculpture next to ex-wife's home
John Stamos visits 'Full House' home, goes unnoticed by fans: 'These youngsters have (no) idea what they're missing'
Man buys Girl Scout cookies with fake $100 bill, takes change
230 kg of "meth" found on Chinese travelers at Russian airport. Turns out to be tofu.
Spiders have mustaches which help them lure pray
Former World Cup Soccer Star Sent To Jail For Swimming In His Own Private Pool
Michigan woman loses gym membership for her transgender complaint.
White students not allowed at high school's "Black Lives Matter" event
Activists fight to send caged, Russian alcoholic bears to rehab at Romania Sanctuary
Lockdown at White House after fire at nearby food cart
'Angry,' 'stressed-out' badger shuts down hotel, is probably just misunderstood
Local Shopping Malls May Or May Not Be Ready For Terrorist Attack
Meet the invasives: Burmese python will eat your cat, won't apologize
Florida Teacher Calls 14-Year-Old Muslim Student 'Rag-Head Taliban' in Class. Principle says "termination is off the table."
Man Taking Photo of His First Snowfall Shot Dead in Dallas
Experts say wine from Civil War-era shipwreck ain't great
Arrest after man spends night on roof of Parliament
Chick Sexer: The $60K a Year Job Nobody Wants
These Brave Teens Went Phone-Free For 3 Whole Days and Miraculously Survived
Man posts himself naked in box from UK to Australia
'Maze Runner' Director Doesn't Want the Third Movie Split in Two Parts
Food blogger publishes details of 'final meal' before fatal fall from restaurant terrace
Radical Islamists 'facing ban on working with children.'
Fox News regular upset Google will rank by accuracy: 'Let the public decide what's the truth'
Naked man who attacked hunter, saying 'Sasquatch kills the hunter,' convicted of attempted murder
Kanye West fans are bidding up to $60,000 on bags of air taken from his Yeezus gigs
Breaking news: Teen girls actually like sex.
Please dissolve our one-week marriage, I can't cope with his big manhood, wife tells court
Giant methane storm on Uranus
This is the wrong title, test post, blah blah blah
Diver recovers club Rory McIlroy threw in the water at Doral
"Washing instructions: Give this shirt to a woman. It's her job," Indonesian clothes company sorry for 'sexist' labels
Green Party to discuss scrapping 'ban all cars' policy
Mother acts as surrogate for own son's baby
Green Party proposes scrapping policy to abolish all cars: as it happened
Libs Already Regret Net Neutrality; Google to Filter Search Results by "Fact"
Iran charges woman over alleged 10-marriage con trick
Florida day care worker charged after video shows her kicking baby in head
Now this is amazing. :'-)
Geneva 2015: Porsche 911 GT3 RS
Planet Fitness revokes woman's membership after transgender complaint
Scientists sip 170-year-old beer from shipwreck, regret it immediately
Goth Kids Love Goth and Thomas the Train
Sanitation worker jailed for starting work too early
Dog correctly diag-noses cancer in 30 of 34 patients
Indonesian clothes company sorry for 'sexist' labels
MAN ARRESTED AFTER CALLING 911 TO SAY WIFE STOLE HIS COCAINE
In Florida, Officials Ban Term 'Climate Change'
Supreme Court Fish Case: Alito Saves the Day, Kagan Cites Dr. Seuss
Psychedelic Drug Use Might Prevent Mental Illness
Female Rebel Fighters in Ukraine Compete in Beauty Pageant
Lindsey Graham has never sent an email
Mark Twain, Who Mocked the Words "In God We Trust," Will Soon Be on a Commemorative Coin Alongside That Phrase
Fans Visiting the 'Full House' House Miss Uncle Jesse Standing Right Out Front
Indonesian clothing company issues apology for sexist washing instruction label: "Give this jersey to your woman, IT'S HER JOB"
Quidditch tournament held in 'Batman's garden'
Lawmaker Who Scrutinized Influence of Lobbyists Joins Family Lobbying Firm
Huntington Beach Attorney Matt McLaughlin Files Ballot Measure Requiring Gays To Be Shot
Florida Officials Banned The Term 'Climate Change'
A jury has awarded a New York City man named Ferrari $95,000 three years after police on Long Island seized and auctioned off his Ferrari
Florida officials ban term climate change
Anti-Gay Official Says He'll Always Protect Your Right To Be Homosexual
The Number Of Drinks After Which You'll Look Hottest
Saudi man divorces wife over her love for camel
Methane storms raging on Uranus
Tanzania albino boy loses hand in latest attack
Florida Officials Ban The Term 'Climate Change'
Vogue Editor Posts Instagram Photo of Homeless Person Reading Vogue
United Nations Appointing Ambassador to Alien World?
Student election hopeful forced to remove campaign posters because he 'looks like Hitler'
Decades of human waste have made Mount Everest a 'fecal time bomb' (Washington Post)
Girl Scouts aim to boost cookie sales with a drive-thru
Wine can make you more attractive, research suggests
Sen. Lindsey Graham, potential Republican presidential candidate, says he's never sent an email
American Tourists Carved Initials into Roman Colosseum, Took Selfie
Sydney council fails to prove enough sex going on at massage parlour
U.S. Tourists Arrested For Carving Their Names Into Rome's Colosseum And Taking A Selfie
Dan Savage To Ben Carson: 'Suck My D**k' To Prove Being Gay Is A Choice
Dan Savage challenges Ben Carson: 'Suck my d*ck' and see if that makes you gay
Beautiful People Dating Site Bans 3,000 People For Letting Themselves Go
Beezow Doo-Doo Zopittybop-Bop-Bop has been arrested again!
US tourists arrested for carving initials into Rome's Colosseum, taking selfie
Dude gets arrested for making homemade energy drinks containing meth
Senator Lindsey Graham Has Never Used Email. He's Not Alone
Architect proposes turning dead humans into compost
Florida banned state workers from using term 'climate change' - report
Florida's Environmental Strategy: Banning The Phrase "Climate Change"
Police called after potato wedge thrown at woman in restaurant
Pornhub's Wankband "creates dirty energy"
License plate saying "Jesus" used as weapon.
Leading Creationist: We Can't Trust Scientific Dating Methods For Fossils Because We Weren't There
Female California Tourists Apologize After Scratching Initials Into Italian Colosseum For Selfie Pic
Florida officials have banned the terms "climate change" and "global warming"
Chinese Girl Rejects Ohio Teen's Affection After He Flies 7,000 Miles To Hook Up
Garage bug sells fuel at 1 centime
'Kanye West Yeezus tour' bags of air sell on eBay for thousands
Burning Man Could Get Its Own Musical Thanks To Kickstarter
Jeb Bush's Paleo Problem (or Why He Might Not Eat Pizza at Pizza Ranch)
George R R Martin confirms The Winds of Winter did not come out in 2014
Show highlights fashionable ways to safely conceal guns
A bag of Kanye West 'tour air' is selling on eBay for $60K
Air From Kanye West's Yeezus Tour Selling For $60K
Driver crashes twice within an hour
Racist Frat Chant: 'There'll Never Be A N****r' In University Of Oklahoma's SAE
Pretty girl invited to sit on plane's cockpit because airplane is full.
Rand Paul comes out as being 'offended' by gay marriage
Little Girl Plays Doctor With Her Very Tolerant Bull Terrier
Garbage man jailed for 30 days because he came to work too EARLY and annoyed residents of wealthy Atlanta suburb
A man is sentenced to 30 days in jail for picking up garbage (his job) at 5am instead of 7am.
Florida Officials Were Barred From Using The Term 'Climate Change' Once Rick Scott Took Power
Coke pulls Nazi Fanta ad after backlash
Free Torrent Clients of 2015 for Free Downloads - http://smartmobtech.com/news/free-torrent-clients-of-2015-for-free-downloads/
Tokyo ramen shops trying serving "boob ramen," ends up looking like "phallic ramen" instead
This promotional speaker lets you play music out of a Pringles can
Jihadi 'Jake' a troubled loner, schoolmate of Melbourne convert says
Prediksi Manchester United vs Arsenal 10 Maret 2015
Tony Abbott: Australians 'sick of being lectured to' by United Nations, after report finds anti-torture breach
FOX News Hires Alveda King, Who Is Anti-Abortion and Anti-Divorce Despite Having Obtained Several of Each Herself
Study Says Men Are More Narcissistic Than Women
Korea Fashion handbag women shoulder bag made in China, View shoulder bag made in China, W/O Product Details from Foshan Nanhai Fantastic Handbag Manufacturer Co., Ltd. on Alibaba.com
Quebec women who want in-vitro treatment must vow they have had lots and lots of sex first
Sydney council loses court case over lack of sex
Will.i.am says the world needs new morals to deal with 3D-printed people
'Climate change' and 'global warming' reportedly banned under Florida governor
£5K spent prosecuting man over cannabis worth less than £2
Fox News is America's most trusted network
Man attacked by 'tweed jacket' gang in Edinburgh
Taking photos up girl's skirt at Beaverton Target: Appalling, but not a crime, judge rules
Teen burglars steal cremated remains thinking they were drugs
Police aim to use A-10 Warthog fighter jets for civilian police work
Class 8 dropout becomes engineering college professor, lands in jail
Conservative critics claim the Girl Scouts is turning children into lesbian socialist activists
Arrested because he refused to give his passcode at canadian border!
Ravaged by climate change, Florida reportedly bans term 'climate change'.
Japan Built a Candy Powered Rocket
Purina employee arrested for stealing and eating over $30,000 in dog treats.
Florida Officials Ban The Term "Climate Change" In Official Communications (Xpost from r/AnarchistNews)
Florida man Calls 911 on wife for stealing his Cocaine
U.S. Republicans warn Iran against nuclear deal with Obama
Finally! A Judge Has Ruled That All Hearses Must Be Outfitted With A Sign That Lets You Know Whether There's A Dead Person Inside
Hackers make small-town vandalism national news by claiming affiliation with ISIS
Poll: Fox News most trusted network
Florida Officials Ban The Term "Climate Change" In Official Communications
Man arrested for refusing to give phone passcode to border agents
Professional German League footballer scores a goal and then gets rough with a goat
Teenager diagnosed with testicular cancer after pregnancy test
Putin reveals Russia's secret takeover of Crimea
Movie Group To "Kill Piracy" By Not Releasing Movies For Months
Will.i.am: 'Eventually 3D printing will print people'
Now More Than Ever, London Needs a 'Death Pyramid'
Graham sheriff bans sex offenders from church
Jury weighs murder charge in buttocks-enhancement death
Lawyer sues Israel, Italy, King Herod and Emperor Tiberius over Jesus Christ's trial and crucifixion
Snowden Revelation: NSA used Furbies for Domestic Spying World News Daily Report
Obama: I First Learned About Clinton's Email Address 'Through News Reports'
Petrol drinking sex pest facing jail after breaching his ASBO by guzzling unleaded, eight hours after prison release
Russia blames Sweden for Ukraine crisis
Missing: The world's smallest sculpture
Petition urges Facebook to remove 'feeling fat' emoticon for 'normalising body shaming'
Madonna Says Kanye West Is 'The Black Madonna'
Woman crushed to death in cow birth accident
Dimes from heaven: Women find coins after loved ones' deaths
13-year-old autistic girl gives Weird Al a run for his money in inspiring duet
Dalai Lama's plan to end reincarnation blasphemous: China
This pig is 'top dog' in class: "This 45-pound miniature pig is the smartest pupil in her dog-obedience class."
Lost in translation? Well-wishing Korean offers dog meat to injured US envoy
Vandals chop up rare plant to dig Missoula peace sign
A professional astrologist realizes astrology isn't real | Under the Greenwood Tree
Fugitive Caught After Posting Softball Plans on Facebook
Musicians playing guitar solos on giant slugs is a real thing, and it's beautiful
Sign-Language ISIS Video Looks to Snare Deaf, Mute Recruits in Europe
On International Women's Day, Kim Jong Un honors women by giving them makeup
Secede? 'Republic' Claims Texas Never Joined U.S.
Daylight-Saving Time Is Bad for Your Relationships
Jewish mother says she'll accept son's new career path
"Secede?" Republic of Texas President claims it never joined the Union anyway.
Toxic 'treats' left to harm dogs in Lakeville.
Parents, punches & pizza: Kids show restraint while adults brawl at Chuck E. Cheese
Obama-Approved Anti-Bullying Advocate Tells Black Doctor Ben Carson 'Suck My D*ck'
Scottish teacher calls students 'f---ing worthless,' says he had sex with their moms before getting fired
Garbage man sentenced to jail for starting work too early
Pit bull attacks and kills man who was trying to resuscitate owner during heart attack
Snapchat is in Talks with Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwaleed about a potential collaboration
Driverless snowmobile headed down Trans Canada Highway in Newfoundland
7 Apple Watch Prototypes That Didn't Make The Final Cut (And We Can't Figure Out Why)
Pretending to be homeless for school (x-post from /r/Hawaii)
Lawsuit: Bank breaks into house, won't give explanation
In Mankato, Playstation 3 goes missing, bong and hockey stick become weapons, police say
Nuggets coach Brian Shaw reading books on how to connect with his millennial players
6.5 Million People With Active Social Security Numbers Are 112 or Older
Marionettes - for fun and profit...
Why the long face? Retailer says walmart.horse domain infringes its IP
Pat Robertson: Quit your job if you work with Buddhists so you don't 'get infected by it'
Floyd Mayweather Jr. Wants Gordon Ramsay to Cook for Him After Pacquiao Fight
Will.I.Am Shares Concerns About 3D Printers Printing People
Ebay overrun with Zipolac bags full of air from Kanye concert
Patrons beat Chuck E. Cheese's employees during birthday party in Parma
L.A. Holds Election to Decide What to Do About Low Turnout, and No One Shows Up
Florida governor bans officials from using phrase 'climate change'
Putin Signs Amendments Lowering Penalties For Bribes
Driverless snowmobile causes traffic hazard on TCH
Feds Have Social Security Numbers for 6.5 Million 112 Year Olds on File
Are you supporting liberal causes with your 'free' e-mail account?
Teen Burglar Tastes "Cocaine" - Realizes It's Cremated Remains
Marijuana Bales Thrown at Police During High Speed Chase in Arizona
It's Not That I Can't Find A Man To Love Me, I Can't Find A Man I Love
Garbage Man Gets 30 Days In Jail For Picking Up Trash Too Early, Judge says fines don't work
MSNBC Now Admitting There May Be Something To Benghazi
Terms such as 'climate change,' 'global warming' were outlawed, former Florida Department of Environmental Protection employees say
UK'S BIGGEST QUIDDITCH MATCH HELD AT CHRISTOPHER NOLAN'S WAYNE MANOR
Driverless, Runaway Snowmobile Located by RCMP
Putin honorees include Chechen leader, murder suspect
Court Rules Gay, Single Man Can Adopt His Son After Mother Steps In As Surrogate
NFL Asks Teams To Stop Tampering During Legal Tampering Period
Garbage Man in Georgia Sentenced to 30 Days in Jail for Picking Up Trash Too Early
'Environmental racism': Bronx activists decry Fresh Direct's impact on air quality
Driverless snowmobile causes traffic hazard on Newfoundland highway
Teacher Prosecution Bill Approved by Kansas Senate
Teen Burglars Mistook Cremated Remains as Cocaine
This Beijing Subway Now Has A Library Of Free E-Books For Passengers
LOL! Goldman's Using Emojis Now
UAE Bank Issues Scented Credit Card
Tech Site Reddit Donates $330,000 to Atheist, Pro-Abortion Groups
Absent-minded wife burns husband's money.
There's Now An App That Lets You Text Solely Using Drake Lyrics
The New "Drizzy" iPhone App Lets You Text Your Favorite Drake Lyrics
The New "Drizzy" App Lets You Text Using Only Drake Lyrics
New 'Drizzy' Phone App Lets You Text Drake Lyrics
Black Madam convicted of murder in fatal buttocks injection
Texas Sends Lawmakers Of 'Conservative Orientation' Safety Memo Warning Of Gay Glitter Bombs
Didn't realize this sub was now /r/politicsversion2 says /r/NotTheOnion reader.
Report: Florida officials ban terms 'climate change,' 'global warming'
UC IRVINE STUDENT: US FLAG BANNED TO AVOID 'TRIGGERING' HURT FEELINGS AMONG ILLEGALS
$30,000 Dog House From Samsung - For Those Who Are Filthy Rich
US woman convicted of buttock-injection death
Lynn homeowner getting tickets for non-existing sidewalk
Sexist hackers bring down feminist website on International Women's Day in bid to "silence" female activists
Accused Serial Target Theif Behind Bars
Secede? Separatists Claim Texas Never Joined United States
Canadian town outlaws swearing
Thieving Teens Thought Grandfather's Ashes Were Cocaine
Murder Suspect of 58 people on bail.
Oklahoma fraternity's racist chant may also cost its black chef his job
Garbage man going to jail for picking up the garbage too early for rich people.
McKale? McDonald's to roll out kale in US: Sources
Russia Decides Beer is Alcohol, not Food
Site allows for athlete donations
NZ Prime Minister John Key Retracts Vow to Resign if Mass Surveillance Is Shown
Broker named Ferrari awarded $95K after cops 'stole' his Ferrari
Senator on subcommittee for technology has 'never sent' an email
Decades of human waste have made Mount Everest a 'fecal time bomb'
Second Grader says Michelle Obama 'Ruined Taco Tuesday'
Jeb Bush believes net neutrality rules are the 'craziest ideas'
Report: Tim Tebow can finally throw a spiral
'Embarrassing' new bylaw in Taber, Alberta outlaws swearing, restricts public assembly
Apple's $10,000 gold watch fails to impress investors
Grandma kills nine-month old infant with a power saw because it "wouldn't stop crying"
Good deal? House for sale in Indonesia comes with free wife
Georgia Trash Collector Jailed For 30 Days For Showing Up To Work Early
Clairvoyant, cartoon buff nixed from theater shooting jury
Grandmother kills baby with a circular saw because she "wouldn't stop crying"
Lottery winner sued by store owner who sold the ticket
Shark chokes on moose, rescued by passersby
Clusters of ocular syphilis on West Coast prompt L.A. County alert
Waxahachie man and pregnant wife safe after Bobcat invades home
Taylor Swift To Purchase $40 Million Insurance For Her Legs Ahead of Her World Tour.
8 French citizens involved in filming reality show among 10 dead in Argentina helicopter crashes
6-year-old Shandong boy dies after eating candy found on street
Pirate threatens Pirates of the Caribbean movie security
'Michelangelo of Buttocks Injections' Convicted of Murder
Nanny Eve Mantaras allegedly hits baby and eats his food in Parana, Argentina
Texas nearly out of execution drug
Man Burned As He Prays Over Sizzling Food, Sues Applebee's.
Don't mess with our butthole, say residents
Dalai Lama accused of 'blasphemy' for doubting his reincarnation by Chinese-appointed official
Behead Arab-Israelis Opposed to State, Says Foreign Minister
Surgeon stands by harassment remark - "What I tell my trainees is that, if you are approached for sex, probably the safest thing to do in terms of your career is to comply with the request.
Fox News more trusted than any other network, according to poll
Australian surgeon Gabrielle McMullin stands by harassment remark
Fox News more trusted than any other network, according to terrifying poll
Paramedic takes selfies with dying patients
Grantham girl, 4, gets cycling-on-path police warning
Fox News named 'most trusted' news network in America
Prisoners in Dorset (UK) Were Accidentally Given the Names and Addresses of Local Schoolchildren
KKK Distributes 'Invitation' Flyers During Bloody Sunday Anniversary
Prisoners accidentally given paperwork containing names and addresses of local school children
We won't turn our back on our street name, say residents of Butthole Lane
China Made Muslim Prayer Leaders Dance, Swear Not To Teach Religion
BBC to make a documentary condemning Bangladesh in wake of England's defeat
New Orleans Web App Software Web Design Application Mobile App Video Production Development
Pirates of the Caribbean: Man dressed as pirate threatens guard with knife at Gold Coast film set
Pat Robertson to viewer: 'Quit your job so you don't get infected by Buddhist co-workers'
Serious real estate ad in Indonesia: "Buy this house, marry the owner"
We won't turn our back on our street name, say residents of Butthole Lane - Telegraph
Japan forms tourism 'ninja council'
Police officer shoots dead naked unarmed black man in Atlanta
Atlanta-area police officer fatally shoots naked African-American
Georgia police officer fatally shoots unarmed, naked black man
Islamic State alternative to Facebook gets bumpy start - Facing a ban from mainstream online social networks Facebook and Twitter, supporters of the Islamic State appear to have launched their own "caliphate book."
White Cop kills Unarmed, Naked, Black Man in Atlanta Suburb
Florida scientist told to remove words 'climate change' from study on climate change
Patrons beat employees at Chuck E. Cheese
Kuwaiti MPs criticised for brandishing weapons in parliament
Blocked online, Islamic State supporters launch CaliphateBook
49ers LB Patrick Willis retiring to "get more involved with his Church".
Builders forgot elevator shafts on finished skyscraper
Man Charged With Assaulting Police After Shooting Laser at NYPD Helicopter
I Floated for an Hour in a Sensory Deprivation Tank and All I Got Was an Irrational Fear of Snakes
Major museums and organizations across the world continue to ban selfie sticks
10,000 copies of 'The Interview' and 500,000 political leaflets to be sent to North Korea by balloon
Romanian Foreign Ministers celebrates 135 years of German-Romanian relations, presents his German counterpart with a map of FRANCE covered by the German flag.
Want to parent while packing heat? Mom teaches class on carrying a gun and a baby
Loophole means ecstasy is now legal (but only until Thursday)
Kuwaiti preacher, ISIS call for demolition of Egypt's Sphinx, pyramids
Don Young (R-AK) Suggests Wolves Could Help Get Rid of Homeless People
Dáil to pass emergency law, after court ruling finds ecstasy is legal
Van driver fined €500 for running over and killing 70-year-old nun
Army Scientists Secretly Sprayed St-Louis with Radioactive Particles for YEARS to Test Chemical Warfare Technology
Anthony Ujah sorry for rough handling of goat mascot
Ecstasy possession 'no longer criminal offence' after court ruling (Ireland)
Male medical students are more confident and more wrong, finds a study by three male medical students
Ecstasy, ketamine and crystal meth are legal in Ireland for the next 24 hours.
Marijuana filled canister causes bomb scare
Police threaten to confiscate bike from four-year-old girl for cycling on the pavement
Teen Burglars Mistook Remains For Cocaine
PETA President: Women are Pretty Much Chickens
Rolls Royce Phantom joins Abu Dhabi police fleet
Disney's $1 billion bet on a magical wristband
Too Much Praise Can Turn Your Kids Into Narcissistic Jerks, Study Finds
So a load of drugs, like ecstasy, just became legal in Ireland for today only
India's Rockstar Saint Is a Spiritual Guru, Cinema Sensation, and Rape Suspect
Facebook renames 'feeling fat' emoji amid protests
Iran Offers to Mediate Talks Between Republicans and Obama
Racine Fire Department rescues two teens stranded on Lake Michigan ice chunk
Garbage man to spend 30 days in jail for picking up trash too early
Iran Offers to Mediate Talks Between Republicans and Obama. Republicans said they would only agree to talks if there were no preconditions, such as recognizing President Obama's existence.
Zoolander and Hansel just walked the runway at Paris Fashion Week
GPS fail on bus sends Belgian tourists on 1,200km detour
GOP lawmaker sorry for Obama family reunion ISIS post
CEO of 1 Person Company Wishes Me "Good Luck"
Putin Signs Law Reducing Penalties for Corruption
Ireland just accidentally legalised ecstasy, ketamine and crystal meth
Woman Formerly Known as Ladyzunga Cyborg Changes Name to Abcdefg Hijklmn Opqrst Uvwxyz
Ireland has accidentally legalised ecstasy, ketamine and crystal meth for one day only
Nigerian Police Hold "Robber" Goat
Ireland just accidentally legalised ecstasy, ketamine and magic mushrooms
Utah officers say mysterious voice called them to rescue baby trapped inside car
Ecstasy and crystal meth are now legal in Republic of Ireland... but only until Thursday
Thieves steal more than $85K in pizza cheese
Stars of reality TV show 'Dropped' killed in Argentina helicopter collision
Ireland: Ecstasy, ketamine and crystal meth are legal due to a loophole
Police investigating apparent officer-involved shooting near Dinosaur
Dunkin' Donuts to remove titanium dioxide from donuts
Spanish skyscraper missing elevators in monster goof: 'Standard for the Future' or sign of current decline?
'My wife is a cheater' written on house set ablaze
Ecstasy, Ketamine and Crystal Meth Are Legal in Ireland Until Thursday
Ireland almost banned heterosexual marriage
Bonnie Ross Is Pushing Social Justice Into Halo Whether You Like It Or Not
Ecstasy Legal in Ireland for 48 Hours Due to Court Loophole
Ireland has mistakenly legalised ecstasy and ketamine for one day
A legal loophole has been exposed that makes a load of drugs legal in Ireland until Thursday
DHS Takes 7 Children From Parents, Father Had Unapproved Mineral Supplement
Ireland just made ecstasy and other drugs legal 'by accident'
Robert Dziekanski Taser death: Kwesi Millington found guilty of perjury-4 Mounties were charged with perjury following inquiry into Polish immigrant's death at airport
$9,000 Worth Of Undies Stolen From Wyoming JC Penney
Irish government accidentally legalises ecstasy, meth, magic mushrooms for 24 hours
Ireland mistakenly legalise ecstasy and ketamine for one day
What Every U.S. State Is Best At
Irish Referendum Wording May Outlaw Straight Marriage
Cheyenne Shoplifters Steal More $9,000 Worth of Panties
British Police crack down on a pavement cyclist & threaten confiscation - the 4 year old perp isn't happy.
Teenagers Mistake Human Ashes For Cocaine
Loophole means ecstasy and loads of other drugs are now legal (but only until Thursday)
The Irish courts have accidentally legalised all drugs
Norwegian soldiers of the "punisher" squad yelling "To Valhalla" before going to battle in Afghanistan in 2010. They are soon to be deployed in Iraq to fight ISIS.
How Reddit Became a Worse Black Hole of Violent Racism than Stormfront
Thief Throws Eyeball At Lawyer. Lawyer Catches It On First Bounce.
Giant letter 'A' writes off car parked outside superstore
Teens Steal What They Think Is Cocaine, Only To Snort Their Grandfather's Ashes
No, a public university may not expel students for racist speech [UPDATED in light of the students' expulsion]
Too Much Praise Can Turn Kids Into Narcissists, Study Suggests - Forbes
Moscow announces plans for 'rent-a-husband' social service
Food giant Kesko renames meatless meatballs; now simply "balls"
Trailer with tons of mozzarella stolen from truck stop
Teenagers thought they had found cocaine when really it was the remains of a cremated body.
Irish court accidentally makes drugs legal
Taber, Alta., bans public swearing, spitting and yelling under new bylaw
Jadeveon Clowney bitten by dog owned by teammate that stole his own truck
Tim Burton to Direct Live-Action 'Dumbo' for Disney
Khelafabook: Isis supporters create own social network but site quickly buckles
College effectively ends student's career because he reminded rape victim of her attacker
Following backlash, Facebook removes 'feeling fat' from its emoticons
Ten people were killed in a helicopter accident during filming of a reality tv show. The name of the show was "Dropped".
Let me sleep: Georgia trash man gets 30 days in jail for 5 a.m. pick up
Rep. Don Young Suggests Wolves Could Help Get Rid Of Homeless People
Hold the sprinkles: Florida woman gets naked at donut shop
Minecraft videogame should be banned, Turkey's Family Ministry concludes.
Man throws baby to escape police
Oops! Artist creates world's smallest sculpture only for it to be accidentally CRUSHED as it was being photographed
Mississippi deputy fired for making racial threats on Xbox Live
One of the 'smallest sculptures ever made' is crushed by a photographer's finger
Saguenay mayor wants movement 'against Greenpeace and intellectuals of the world'
Ireland accidentally legalized a bunch of drugs, but only until Thursday
Snake-like giant earthworms invade Buderim homes
ran Offers to Mediate Talks Between Republicans and Obama
Jonty Hurwitz Creates Nano Masterpiece, Destroyed in a Second
Reporter mugged while preparing to deliver a live report, whole thing caught on camera
EMERGENCY LAWS NEEDED AFTER COURT DEEMS ECSTASY LEGAL
Ireland rushes through new law after inadvertently legalizing ecstasy
Catholic bishop: "Being born gay isn't what God intended - it's like Down's syndrome"
Ireland: Ecstasy Is Legal for the Next 48 Hours!
Ireland accidently legalizes possession of ecstasy, crystal meth, and other drugs for 1 day
Florida scientist told to cut words 'climate change' from study on climate change
Jampur, Pakistan: Police torture rape victim, family for protesting
Teens arrested for stealing goat to ask girl to prom
'Less complication': UCA student lives in back of bread truck
American Airlines is completely insensitive to parents mourning death of 9-year-old daughter.
Man dressed as pirate pulls knife on set of 'Pirates of the Caribbean'
Hilarious Photos Of What A Man Does For A Living
Kenyan Lawyer Sue Isreal For Killing Jesus
Ireland just accidentally legalised ecstasy, ketamine and magic mushrooms for the next 24 hours
Mom Starts Guns-With-Babies Safety Class
Loophole means ecstasy and loads of other drugs are now legal (but only until Thursday) [in Ireland]
Algonquin mom fired rifle at TV as 3 kids watch Primus music video, police say
With adultery no longer a crime, cheating website quickly reopens in S. Korea
Woman Kills Man, Eats His Brains In Broad Daylight
Area Woman, 75, Strangles Rabid Raccoon at a Botanical Garden
Cops: Teens Mistook Man's Ashes for Cocaine
Christian college under fire for having Christian beliefs
English remix of Swedish 'genitals' song released
Sweden's Koenigsegg Counts on Super-Car
Dunkin' Donuts to remove titanium dioxide from its powdered doughnuts
Ireland accidentally legalises ecstasy, magic mushrooms, and over 100 other drugs for 24 hours.
Chuck E. Cheese's employees attacked by 'mob' from birthday party, police say
Sanitation worker's early pickup leads to two weekends in jail
Fashion police: SAPD detectives bringing back iconic look :: "Fedora trend stretches back to mid-20th century"
Father-of-two banned from every Queensland pub
Irish Court Temporarily Legalizes Ecstasy and Dozens of Other Drugs
Irish priests take selfie on phone left at Mass
Canadian government keeping raspberry marketing plan top secret
PNC Bank loses Vienna man's $100,000 check for 10 months, then 'finds' it
China accuses Dalai Lama of 'profaning' Buddhism by signalling end to reincarnation
Utah lawmakers approve firing squad as backup execution method
Rightscorp bills pirates for $20 a song, burns more money than ever
Utah lawmakers ok firing squad as execution backup
Paul Ryan Proves He Doesn't Care About Publicity by Releasing Publicity Film
Georgia trash man gets 30 days in jail for 5 a.m. pick up
Someone In Ireland Made A Mistake And Ecstasy Is Now Legal
CNN's Don Lemon Defends OU Frat Mom: 'Is She Really Racist?'
Colonial Williamsburg Website Hit in Cyber Attack Attributed to ISIS
U. trustees approve $3.3M in men's restroom additions to Rice-Eccles Stadium
Notably naïve Christian group names Alaska men's shelter 'The Glory Hole'
'Feeling fat' Facebook status leads to petition to ban emoticon
Man Murders Wife, Kills Himself Hours After Trying Out for Family Feud
Ireland Just Accidentally Legalized A Bunch Of Drugs Including Ecstasy, Crystal Meth And Mushrooms
Hunter attacked by naked 'Sasquatch' asks: 'Why are you trying to kill me?'
The New Chinese Electric Car
Kanye West air selling for $60,000
Ireland accidentally legalizes ecstasy and magic mushrooms (until Thursday)
New Study Confirms That There Are Way Too Many Studies
Taber bylaw bans public swearing, spitting and yelling in Alberta town.
Ireland accidentally legalizes ecstasy, ketamine and crystal meth
This Chinese Electric "Urban Supercar" Only Has 10 Horsepower
Bin man in wealthy suburb jailed - for starting work too early
new study finds that there are too many studies
Harper government keeping raspberry marketing plan top secret
McDonald's Lawsuit Invokes Antislavery Amendment to Defend Owners
Nokia 1100 to be launched in Android avatar
Florida Woman Claims Diet Pills Led to Home Purchase She Regrets
Pope accepts he could be killed, but doesn't want it to hurt because he is 'a real wimp'
Woman Got Naked at Dunkin' Donuts on a Dare
Teens Steal 'Cocaine,' End Up Tasting Grandfather's Ashes
2 Dead Skunks Found With 'Obama Stinks' Sign In Fairfield, Conn.
Johnny Depp Injured on Location for Pirates of the Caribbean Before Jack Sparrow Look-Alike Threatens Security Guard With Knife
Garbage Man Gets Jail Time For Picking Up Trash Early
ISIS supporters set up a social network to show they 'don't live in caves'
Ireland accidentally legalizes MDMA, meth
Passing cars pick up some pot bales tossed from fleeing SUV
Greece's defence minister threatens to send migrants including jihadists to Western Europe
SeaBus resumes service after suspicious package scare turns out to be Walkman
Scientists say people are terrible at remembering what the Apple logo looks like
McDonald's Just Admitted That It Desperately Needs to Become More Like Five Guys
Irish Government Goes Full Caligula, Legalizing Drugs and Banning Heterosexuality for a Day
The ISIS Alternative To Facebook Gets Off To A Rocky Start
GOP Lawmaker Warns Women Will Die If Texas Keeps Defunding Planned Parenthood
Group of women announce their intention to walk across the DMZ in Korea
Controversial doctor asked to come to Ireland to instruct trainees how to give blow jobs
China to ban organ harvesting from executed prisoners
Good Luck Getting The Swedish Genitals Song Out Of Your Head
Mother battling circumcision now a wanted woman.
Mother battling circumcision now a fugitive
Cockroaches have personalities, study finds
Father drew penis graffiti at court in front of his kids
Kanye West And Kim K Banned From Attending Future Grammy Awards
Apple Shareholders Would Sure Like Tim Cook to Buy Tesla
House Republicans Proposing "Dress Code" For First Daughters | WashingtonPost
China's Solution to $3 Trillion Debt Is to Deal with It Later
Fox News is the most trusted news network: poll
Henrico woman, 75, strangles rabid raccoon at Lewis Ginter Botanical Garden
Move over Mozart: Study shows cats prefer their own beat
News Presenter Mugged on Live TV
South African journalist mugged by armed men on live TV
SABC journalist mugged on live TV
Utah Lawmakers Vote to Allow Firing Squads
Homeopathy not effective for treating any condition, Australian report finds
ISIS creates own social media network 'Khelafabook'
Isis: Muslim preacher calls for demolition of pyramids and the Sphinx of Giza
Pirates Of The Caribbean 5 Set Attacked By An Actual Pirate - See more at: http://www.cinemablend.com/new/Pirates-Caribbean-5-Set-Attacked-By-An-Actual-Pirate-70225.html#sthash.0Har65mn.dpuf
Pirates Of The Caribbean 5 Set Attacked By An Actual Pirate
Report: Original 'State of Decay' Had Genitalia Hidden In The Backgrounds
New Mexico High School Seniors Vote For Communism Theme Prom
Court tells man he can't smoke in his own home
Horse molester to be released in April
Charlie Hebdo magazine wins international award for 'Islamophobe of the Year' from British Muslim group
Teen banned from school over "Non-Natural Hair Color"
Richmond mayor using AOL account for city business
Lives depend on it
Egypt Investigates Russian-Language Porn Film Shot at Pyramids
Selfie stick bans go into effect at French, UK attractions
Tamil film releases may be stopped briefly to evade piracy
Suge Knight Lawyer to Present a 'Zimmerman Defense'
Russia and North Korea declare 2015 a 'year of friendship'
Facebook removes 'feeling fat' emoticon under pressure from online activists
Another politician was dumb enough to sext Sydney Leathers, of Anthony Weiner scandal fame
People Are Already Selling Drugs To Buy The Apple Watch
'Takes Them Out Of The Trap': Anti-Gay Lawmaker's Bill Eliminating Marriage Licenses Passes House
Clarkson punched producer, Top Gear season 22 cancelled
China Orders Dalai Lama to Reincarnate
Man Challenged To Survive On Minimum Wage Immediately Gets Hit By A Car
New York man says the Bachelor makes him want to join ISIS
UK girls' list for Syria trip: Makeup, bras, epilator
Tom Cotton told uninsured voter not to use Obamacare because 'Russian mobsters' would steal her identity
This is about as fake as fake €100 notes get
High School Principal Hosts 'Black Lives Matter' Event; No Whites Allowed - The principal of a Chicago high school, under the auspices of supporting racial diversity, held a black students-only event and barred white students who wanted to attend.
Utah lawmakers pass bill allowing execution by firing squad
Charlie Hebdo: Murdered staff given 'Islamophobe of the Year' award
Kids' toy 100 euros note accepted by business in Newry
Study Finds Cockroaches, Like Some Humans, Have Personalities
Richmond will fall again for 150th anniversary
An entire town learns sign language to surprise this hearing impaired young man !
Chinese Communists to Dalai Lama: You can't die. You're immortal.
Church with Naked Paint Parties loses Tax-Exempt Status
Cops: Man throws 'Jesus' license plate at brother, cuts him
Romania embarrassed about giving Germany a map of France with a German flag on it
Anti-human-trafficking bill gets caught up in abortion politics in Senate
Mother shot TV as kids watched Primus video: police
Man posts about engagement on FB, ex-girlfriend registers rape complaint
Ecstasy And Ketamine Have Been Accidentally Legalised In Ireland
DEA Agent: We Were Told Not to Enforce Drug Laws in Rich White Areas (xpost /r/rage)
Ban Minecraft? That's jive, Turkey!
DEA Agent: We Were Told Not to Enforce Drug Laws in Rich White Areas
Powdered Alcohol Gets Federal Agency's Approval
A walkman shut down Vancouver's Seabus for hours.
Michele Bachmann is going to be in 'Sharknado 3'!
Chuck E. Cheese birthday brawl sends two employees to the hospital
Journalist mugged on camera
Cable Proudly Declares Smart Shoppers A 'Lower Quality' Of Customer They Have No Interest In
Teen Steals Goat So He Can Ask Girl 'Will You Goat With Me to Prom?'
Why the $10,000 Apple Watch is a good thing, especially for people who can't afford it
Cartoonist Jeph Jacques is hit with a cease and desist order over walmart.horse domain.
Grandmother In Rent-Controlled Apartment Accused Of Dealing Drugs By New San Francisco Landlord
Murdered Charlie Hebdo Staff Named 'International Islamophobe Of The Year'
Black metal murderer Burzum is driving around giving bizarre relationship advice
'Rap Albums That Caused Slavery' Trends on Twitter After Morning Joe Blames SAE Video on Rap Music
N. Korea, Russia declare 2015 as friendship year
Blizzard Warning in Hawaii Delays Telescope Construction
Kim Jong-un Feels Snubbed by Absence of Letter from Republicans
Christian university shuts down bake sale benefiting homeless LGBT youth
Lincoln Woman Arrested After Threatening Cable Company
Man Arrested at McDonald's, Claims Happy Meals are Racist
Georgia teens steal local goat in prom-proposal scheme, show dedication to puns
Suffolk county councillor plans to continue role from USA
Worst Promposal Ever Lands Teen (And His Friends) In Jail For Alleged Goat Theft
The Social Security Administration thinks there are 6.5 million 112-year-olds in America
US Army training bomb-sniffing elephants
'Breaking Bad' creator warns tourists to stop throwing pizzas on Walter White's house
'Breaking Bad' Fans Won't Stop Throwing Pizzas On Walter White's House
Colombia: Mayor sorry for Women's Day event strippers
Stray Dog Kicked By Driver Returns with a Pack of His Friends to Trash His Car
Kentucky Sued In Federal Court Over Drug Treatment Practices
Man allegedly tries to avoid arrest by rolling in dog feces
Holy Anal Beads, Jesus! Christians Are Surprisingly Kinky
Gourmet Mac and Cheese Shop To Open in Closed Mental Health Clinic
Tourists Are Getting Hair Transplant Surgeries in Turkey Right Now
Michele Bachmann filming Sharknado 3 in D.C.
The North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un said he feels "snubbed" by the decision of forty-seven Republican senators to write a letter to Iran but not to him.
Vince Gilligan Urges 'Breaking Bad' Fans to Stop Throwing Pizzas on Walter White's Roof
Why chivalry may not always be what it seems: Men who hold doors open and smile may actually be sexist, study claims
Are Men Who Smile too Much at Women and Hold the Door for Them Guilty of...Sexism?
Christian group names Alaska men's shelter 'The Glory Hole'
Breaking Bad Creator: Stop Throwing Pizzas at Walter White's House
'Morning Joe' hosts blame racist Sigma Alpha Epsilon video on rap music
Drug dealer in China says he only did it to buy an Apple Watch
Central Colombia mayor hires male strippers to celebrate International Women's Day
BET will commemorate Selma with a Vanilla Ice concert
China's Tensions With Dalai Lama Spill Into the Afterlife
Samurai sword-wielding man dies in 'suicide by cop' in Ontario
World's Strongest Girl Asks 'Terminator' to Save Russia-U.S. Ties
Naive Christian group names Alaska men's shelter 'The Glory Hole'
Brazilian Judge Swears He Never Drove the Confiscated Porsche in His Driveway
Akron Police searching for someone who pooped on 19 parked cars
Wal-Mart is reportedly furious over this hilarious website and wants to shut it down
A Quick trip in Wichita KS is selling gas for $.01 a gallon.
Teen Goat Thieves Busted For Prom Prank
Chinese Communist Party leaders warn the Dalai Lama that he must reincarnate, and on their terms.
McCain's breathtaking defense of signing the Iran letter: "I sign lots of letters"
Vietnam Censors Cut All Sex Scenes in 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
House for sale in Indonesia -- with free wife
Ejaculating into coffee cup was legal, says lawmaker seeking change
Anti western cosplayers movement nearing 1000 supporters, 7 more!
'I see Hillary as an anti-Barbie': action-figure creators play politics
Stroppy husband finds huge gold nugget
Why this sweet-looking horse is a major headache for Wal-Mart
Felix Batista: US Anti-Kidnapping Expert Kidnapped In Mexico
Utah lawmakers pass bill allowing for execution by firing squad
In Mexico, a Kidnapping Negotiator Is Kidnapped
Pundits blame racist SAE video on rap music
'Minecraft' might get banned in Turkey for being too violent
Either you support the government, or you support the terrorists.
The small Canadian town of Taber, Alberta has ushered in a controversial new bylaw that prohibits swearing in public with a penalty for using explicit language coming in the form of a $150.00 fine.
Hillary Releases Twenty Thousand Spam E-Mails From Old Navy - The New Yorker
The Question Doctors Can't Ask
Kim Kardashian West: I've been having sex '500 times a day'
Church that sponsored naked paint parties loses tax-exempt status
Florida church with naked paint parties loses tax-exempt status
Anti-Gun Oregon Filmmaker Arrested After Attacking Gun Rights Supporter
Cossacks to Hunt Down Draft-Dodgers in Moscow: Cossack brigades are being mobilized to hunt down young men reluctant to complete mandatory military service
Evil Stick Toy for Toddlers Reveals Picture of a Young Girl Slitting her Wrists with a Knife
New Zealand Gangs Are Making Peace and Mowing Lawns
Will Ferrell to play every position for 10 teams in one day
Vince Gilligan says to quit throwing pizzas on the roof of the Breaking Bad house
Secret Service agents investigated for driving car into White House barrier
Akron police seek serial pooper
Mongrel Mob and Black Power in Council deal to mow lawns
Utah lawmakers vote to become only state to allow firing squad
Bill would end daylight saving time in Oregon
Russian Anti-Gay Lawmaker Furious With Erotic Hairdressers in Siberia
La. Transit CEO 'Would Love' Fewer Black Bus Drivers to Put White Passengers at Ease
Korean Air ex-VP sentenced 1 year to jail after throwing a fit for having her nuts served in a bag, not on a plate
Slipknot guitarist stabbed in the head by his brother
Vince Gilligan begs "Breaking Bad" fans to stop throwing pizza on Walter White's house
Tiger Woods Drops $8 Million on Restaurant He Can't Name After Himself
'Breaking Bad' Creator Wants Fans to Stop Throwing Pizzas on Walter White's House
Girl Left as Deposit in Chinese Bathhouse by Grandpa
Is Boston eating lower quality Girl Scout Cookies?
'Breaking Bad' Creator Asks Fans to Not Toss Pizza on Walter White Home
This Texas lawmaker is a "former fetus" and posted a sign outside his office to prove it
This Florida Church Just Lost Its Tax-Exempt Status Because It's Reportedly Just a Nightclub
Police: Bad Cable Appointment Leads to Bomb Threat
Indian Guru Under Investigation for Persuading 400 Men to Chop Off Their Testicles
Apartment complex with "no bad reviews" rule gets pummeled on review sites
Fans Hold Vigil in Chicago for Derrick Rose's Knees
Vince Gilligan, creator and writer of Breaking Bad, asks people to stop throwing pizza on innocent womans rooftop
Concerned citizens beg Kevin Bacon to dance away Alberta town's "footloose" ban.
Lindsey Graham: as president I would deploy the military against Congress
Breaking Bad Fans Won't Stop Throwing Pizza on an Innocent Woman's Roof
Expert on How to Avoid Being Kidnapped in Mexico Was Kidnapped in Mexico After Giving a Lecture On "How To Not Be Kidnapped in Mexico" (2009)
North Carolina Man Kills Son While Sleepwalking, Found Not Guilty of Murder
Antique show in small Texas town to feature strippers
Rape gene discovered in 92% of Arabic People
Forget The London Eye, What We Really Need Is A 'Death Pyramid'
Study: Homeopathy not effective in treating anything
Police: Man has pooped on, and in, 19 Akron cars since 2012
Small Canadian town seeks Kevin Bacons help to dance away a new "footloose" law.
One of the most downloaded gaming apps is being sued for denying 'lives'
Valve admits it needs to communicate with fans more
The only Blizzard WARNING is the U.S. right now is in Hawaii
Michele Bachmann Warns Of Impending Sharknado Outside White House
Akron police searching for "mystery pooper" caught in the act
Idaho Lawmaker Who Doesn't Understand Female Anatomy Knows What's Good for Women
Police in Ohio searching for 'mystery pooper'
Utah might reinstate firing squads for executions
Woman phones in bomb threat after cable guy is a no show, police say
Alleged hooker, parents accused in $3M extortion plot
Massive jewel heist on French highway triggers manhunt for attackers
Etta Lopez accused of slapping deputy to help her quit smoking; charged with assualting an officer
Southwest Airlines Cancels a mans ticket while he is sitting on the airplane.
Stray dog kicked by driver for being in his parking bay returns with a pack of friends... and trashes his car.
Move over, Reddit: Tumblr is the new front page of the Internet.
Utah votes to reintroduce firing squad method for planned execution
1 man. 19 bowel movements. 19 cars. The search is on
Citing Fear of Neo-Nazi Group, a German Mayor Quits
Michele Bachmann to appear in Sharknado 3
Saudis recall Sweden ambassador after criticism of the Kingdom's record on "human rights and democracy."
Romania mistakenly gives German foreign minister map of France
Ohio resident, fed up after man poops on 19 cars, catches culprit on camera
170-Year-Old Shipwreck Beer Tastes Like Goat And Smells Of Rotting Cabbage
Self-closing toilet seat will save marriages, inventor says.
Town Overrun by 31-Acre Sinkhole Now Overrun by Homeless Kittens
Dogs 'take revenge' on man who kicked canine by attacking his car
Meet 'John': He gets paid to have sex with prostitutes
Twitter wars: How the US is fighting Islamic State propaganda through internet memes
This Man Was Jailed For Doing His Job Too Early
Haters Weigh In After Man Posts Pics Of 17-Pound Lobster Birthday Dinner At Burlingame Restaurant
Two Secret Service agents investigated for getting drunk and crashing a car into a security barrier at the White House
2 cops shot outside furgeson
New 007 Film Spectre Casts Stephanie Sigman as 1st Mexican-Born Bond Girl on the Big Screen: 5 Things to Know About Her
Baton Rouge Transit CEO 'Would Love' Fewer Black Bus Drivers to Put White Passengers at Ease
Az man talks his way out of jail.
Report: Drunk Secret Service agents crash into WH barrier
Florida Church Hosting Naked Paint Parties Loses Tax-Exempt Status
Arkansas Republican gave adopted girls to rapist because they were 'possessed by demons': report
Chinese reality show under fire for forcing elephants to have pedicures
Half of the US Senate Just Committed Felonies, Could Face 3 Years in Prison
Valley inmate Shane Hoke talks his way out of jail
Texas bill would pay school kids $2k to police gender in bathrooms
Widow of 'amazing' man enters mismatched couples competition - and takes his ashes to the finals
21-year-old becomes drug dealer so he can afford Apple Watch
Meatballs with no meat? That's just a load of balls, say Finns
Residents & Journalists Dizzied by Burning Marijuana
Islamic state own "facebook"
Golfers play on despite huge alligator on course
Stray Dog Kicked By Driver Returns With A Pack Of Friends To Trash His Car
April Fools Day to be moved to April 2 because of eclipse
Bavarian archaeologists find 250-year-old pretzel
Dad buys Tesco bananas infested with spiders whose bite can cause four hour erections.
Teens ingest cremated remains thinking it's cocaine
YouTube is failing miserably and Google is falling apart.
Liam Neeson has threatened to stop making films in which he just shoots people loads
The U.S. Has Too Much Oil and Nowhere to Put It
Ballpark food: Hot dog topped with bacon and jelly on a glazed donut bun
World's Oldest Mummies Are Turning Into 'Black Ooze.' Is Climate Change To Blame?
Caminito del Rey: world's scariest footpath now requires helmets
China's Tensions With Dalai Lama Spill Into the Afterlife: "Decision-making power over the reincarnation of the Dalai Lama... resides in the central government of China" - A Chinese Communist party official
TITLE: Ireland Mistakenly Makes Ecstasy, Meth And Magic Mushrooms Temporarily Legal
News - Some of the world's oldest mummies are turning to black ooze and climate change may be the cause
Police: Drunk man rolls in dog doo to avoid arrest
Tesco shopper finds deadly spider in bananas whose bite could give a man a four hour erection
Pirated music, movies seized at border market
Ireland Mistakenly Makes Ecstasy, Meth And Magic Mushrooms Temporarily Legal
Bomb-sniffing elephants? Not so nutty, US Army says
Applebee's Customer Burned by Fajitas While Praying, But He Can't Sue
Judge orders DC man to stop smoking in own home
Tiger Woods Can't Name His Soon-to-Open Restaurant After Himself
Overweight Dachshund sheds four stone after giving up pizza and burgers
Formula One Driver Crashes and Loses Twenty Years
Archaeologists unearth centuries-old pretzels in Bavaria
ISIS executes one of its Sharia judges
Hungover New Yorkers Rely on $200 IV Drip Cure in the Back of an Uber
Islamic State executes judge for handing down too many death sentences.
Darrelle Revis: Returning To Jets Was 'No Brainer,' Main Goal 'Is To Win'
Arizona State Rep Reportedly Gave Away His Adopted Daughters Because They Were 'Possessed'
Iran letter blowback startles GOP
Children's toy €100 note used for payment in Northern Ireland shop
Cobra Commander receives the key to the city of Springfield
Man tricked ex with abortion pill smoothie
Southwest cancels man's ticket while he sits on plane
Springfield, IL., Just Gave The Key To The City To Cobra Commander
Springfield, Illinois Mayor Gives Cobra Commander Key To The City ... Wait What?
Professors: US flag symbolizes racism, should not be displayed on campus
Mum-of-two finds 'erection-giving' spider in Tesco banana
New study determines there are too many studies
Bangalore swine flu patient on ventilator dies after power cut in hospital
Woman finds "dangerous" spider whose bite causes 4 hour erection
Skier's hand is nearly completely severed after she is hit by a plane as it crash lands on slope in the French Alps
Woman rejects 974.790.317$ check in divorce settlement because she feels she is "owed more for her role in the marriage."
Detroit firefighters battle blaze at male strip club
Undead Labs Finds Tons Of Hidden Penises In State Of Decay
Chinese government's warning to the Dalai Lama: You'd better reincarnate on our terms
German baker burns pretzels so badly fragments survive over 200 years
Ohio police searching for someone who pooped on 19 parked cars
KKK Leader Disputes Hate Group Label: 'We're A Christian Organization'
Westfield woman says neighbor vandalized flowers saying, 'These are for your funeral'
Secret Service Agents Drove Car Into White House Barricades After Drinking
Ant-vaxxer offered 100,000€ to anyone proving the existence of measles. Now court forces him to pay.
Facebook removes the 'feeling fat' status update, replacing it with 'stuffed'
Trailer with $85K worth of mozzarella stolen from truck stop
Florida Bans the Term 'Climate Change'
Dieting Columbus dachshund goes from obese to svelte
Measles doubter must pay doctor €100,000
Feeling Fat Emoji: Facebook Changes 'Feeling Fat' To 'Feeling Stuffed' After Petition
Woman beat up after sitting on friend's hamburger
Stray dog kicked by driver returns with his pack to get revenge, attack car
Knights Templar win heresy reprieve after 700 years
Finnish food company forced to remove the word meat from their meatballs
The Karl Marx MasterCard Is Here. It Needs A Tagline.
Canadian woman dead after whale lands on tourist boat in Mexico
Police Ask For 'A Little More Effort' In Bad Crash Drawing
'GI Joe' Villain Cobra Commander Just Received The Key To The City Of Springfield, Illinois
Brooklyn mom says daughter is now partially paralyzed because of pot brownie
Slipknot guitarist stabbed in the head by his brother, police say
New Yorkers unhappy about bar that attracts "Internet people meeting"
Girl parks Maserati in middle of the road, says those who complained are just jealous
New Study Determines There Are Too Mant Studies
Police Seek Man Who Defecated on Cars 19 Times
The U.S. Government Should Pay Anonymous in Bitcoin to Fight ISIS
Kevin Bacon and eggs; actor stars in egg industry campaign
'Former Fetus' signs cause stir at Texas State Capitol
Lunchables, brownies and election fraud
Is The Moon An Artificial Alien Base?
Univision host fired for 'Planet of the Apes' Michelle Obama remark
'Breaking Bad' Creator Urges Fans to Stop Throwing Pizzas on Walter White's Roof
World's smallest sculpture no bigger than ant's head accidentally crushed by photographer
Mystery Man Suspected Of Pooping On At Least 19 Cars In Ohio
Rudy Giuliani says Obama should be more like Bill Cosby
Coke CEO gets $18.1M after company fails to meet targets
'Former Fetus' signs cause stir at Capitol
Wilkes-Barre man rolls in dog feces to avoid arrest
Florida Mom Faces Arrest For Refusing To Circumcise Her Son
Vancouver bomb threat was actually just an old Walkman
Man injured in ham accident at Montco meat plant
LOLZ Of The Day: Gamarjobat Prove That Mime Art Can Be As Funny As The Best Comedy
Anonymous May or May Not Have Released a Video Targeting Kanye West - The Root
After "Blurred Lines" victory, Gaye family takes another listen to "Happy"
Not Christian Or Jewish in OK? No Marriage For You!
250-Year-Old Pretzel Unearthed by German Archaeologists
German doctor sued and won against the anti-vaxxer Stefan Lanka, who denied him the 100.000€ reward which he offered to anyone who could prove the existence of measles.
Vince Gilligan: Stop throwing pizzas at "Breaking Bad" house
Teens ransack home, snort the ashes of a dead body.
Spiders found in Tesco bananas can give you a four-hour erection, Plymouth shoppers warned
OHIO POLICE SEARCHING FOR 'SERIAL POOPER'
Fifty Shades of Grey: In the censored Vietnam version there is no sex at all
Newport Beach valet let thief drive off with their car, couple says
Panda antivirus mistakenly flags itself as malware, bricks PCs
Arizona police chase marijuana car
Temidayo Joseph in Robin Williams experiment death
Suge Knight Blames Blindness For Hit-And-Run Incident
New Mexico lawmaker under fire for defining rape as 'drunken college sex'
2 more arrests in case of Tampa dog shot, tied to railroad tracks
Giuliani to Obama: Be more like Bill Cosby!
Ohio's biggest poopetrator has defecated on 19 cars (that we know of)
Fox News Hires Navy SEAL Who Claims He Killed Bin Laden - Even Though Other SEALS Have Called Him A Liar
Police in Ohio on the hunt for "serial pooper"
Men who hold doors open and smile may actually be sexist
Police Seek Man Who Defecated on 19 Cars
Polyamorous Oakland family finds parenting easier with two moms and a dad
Man finds whole potato in crisp packet
Leonardo DiCaprio Gives $50,000 to Adrian Grenier Kickstarter Project Seeking Elusive Whale
Powdered Alcohol Unbanned, Will be in Stores this Summer
The most nottheonion-y thing I think I have ever seen
Secret Service agents may have driven over 'suspicious package' in White House barricades crash
Boy Hunting Pigeons on Roof Shuts Down Part of Idaho City
Man rolls in dog waste to try avoiding arrest; plan fails
Naked Man Pretending To Be Bigfoot Gets 10 Years For Attacking Hunter In Woods
#AskHamas Doomed To Backfire
Spider that can give men four-hour erections found in Tesco bananas
This car couldn't go over 40mph because a squirrel had filled the engine with nuts
Italian scientists 'recreate DNA' of fascist warrior-poet from semen stains
Axe-wielding university lecturer may be ISIS-killing "angel of death"
Excerpt: Insane Clown Posse vs. The FBI
A New Paleo Cookbook for Kids Is on Hold After Officials Warn Its Recipes Could Kill Babies
Palcohol: US regulators approve powdered alcohol that can be mixed with water, snorted or sprinkled onto cereal
Rudy Giuliani: I wish President Obama were more like Bill Cosby
Edmonton Police Association head disappointed in cop steroid trafficking charges
Iran offers to mediate talks between Obama and Republicans.
Bowel Movement Bandit: Akron, Ohio Police Seek Man Who Poops On Cars
Ejaculating into someone's coffee cup not just icky, could be illegal, too
Serial Car Pooper On the Run In Ohio Read More: Serial Car Pooper On the Run In Ohio [Video] | http://wgrd.com/free-beer-hot-wings-serial-car-pooper-on-the-run-in-ohio-video/?trackback=tsmclip
Wales woman finds eggs 'from most venomous spider in the world' in Tesco bananas
"Serial Pooper" in Ohio reported by Canadian news
Kevin Bacon and eggs; industry group taps actor to push up egg sales
'Drunk driving' Secret Service agents crashed car into active bomb investigation outside White House and may have even driven OVER the suspicious package
Redmond top man Satya Nadella: 'Microsoft LOVES Linux'
Well that would be the worst way to find out you have an incurable disease....
LEADING OFF: Comedian Will Ferrell to play for 10 teams
Machete Wielding Thieves Pat Dog While Tying Up Staff
You Will Never Look At The Poop Emoji The Same Again
Frenso State's Bulldog Mascot Dies After Bee Sting
Springfield, Illinois swears allegiance to Cobra Commander, declares war on G.I. Joes
It is illegal for couples to live together out of wedlock in Florida, hundreds charged with this crime.
Geneva 2015: McLaren 675LT
South Africa crime in focus after television reporter mugged on camera
Conference on Masculinity Features Lecture on Men who are Sexually Aroused by My Little Pony
Living together unmarried is Illegal in Florida, hundreds charged.
Germany court orders measles sceptic to pay 100,000 euros
Ew! Woman Finds Deadly, Erection-Inducing Spiders in Her Bananas
Mounties stop speeding pickup with 17 people aboard - Saskatchewan
Erection-inducing deadly spiders found in Tesco bananas by shocked wife
UK finally pays off debt from world war 1
'Church' hosting raunchy spring break parties loses tax-exempt status
Pope to be greeted by image of bare breasted nun
Paleo cookbook for babies gets pulled before release
'Serial Pooper' No Laughing Matter for Ohio Police
Shark Chokes on Moose, Rescued by Two Men
Deceased baby's parents were to do Maury Povich show paternity test
EA Tries Selling Video Games That Work
China warns the Dali Lama he must reincarnate on their terms.
Vladimir Putin Is Hiking the Appalachian Trail
Study Finds There Are Too Many Studies
General Mills blows whistle on yogurt price-fixing cartel
Man buys girlfriend boob job for birthday and she reacts in worst way possible
Affluent neighbourhood's effluent problem
Rudy Giuliani: President Obama Should Emulate Bill Cosby
Presidential Candidate Lindsey Graham: I've Never Sent an Email
Putin and Kim Jong-un Declare Themselves Besties
Underwear, Makeup & Bra: Islamic State Recruits Make List Of Items To Carry Before Leaving For Syria
Celebrity Chef's 'Paleo for Babies' Book On Hold Over Infant-Death Fears
Ted Cruz Wonders Why NASA Scientists Should Study Planet Earth
Social media hashtag #AskHamas off to a hilarious start
Police searching for a man on the run with the runs
Nonprofit contractor sent government $1.1 million bill for parties and retreats
State Senator Justin Harris and Wife Believed Adopted Daughters Possessed by Demons, Had an Exorcism
Rudy Giuliani: Obama should be more like Bill Cosby
Giuliani thinks Obama should be more like Cosby
Man towing trailer of bees escapes rollover 'miraculously uninjured', only to be stung by swarm
Springfield, IL has given the keys to the city to Cobra Commander
Bank of Canada Asks Citizens to Stop "Spocking" Money
Oklahoma House passes bill restricting marriage to people of faith
Serial defecator has Akron baffled
Shot Girlfriend Mistaken For Hog Recovers, Forgives Her Lover
New Bio Claims Tim Cook Offered Steve Jobs His Liver
Robert Downey Jr. gives this kid a 3D printed Iron Man arm
Snowball Fight Turns Violent Outside Carpool
Baffled man's house egged for whole year
Giuliani Says Obama Should Be More Like Bill Cosby
Robert Downey Jr. gives young fan 3D-printed Iron Man arm
Glenn Beck Threatens to Leave NRA Out of Fear It's Being Infiltrated by Muslim Brotherhood
Hoping to bag something priceless: Fans go to One Direction concert armed with Ziploc bags, hoping to bag '1D concert air'
Alabama football coach Nick Saban finishes third in schools SGA presidential election.
Televangelist Creflo Dollar Needs 200,000 People to Donate $300 Each So He Can Buy $65M Ministry Plane
Tea Party Is 'Bald-Faced Racists,' White Privilege Conference Speaker Tells Sea Of White People
Grey nomads: 'The mangoes nearly killed us.'
UK finally finishes paying for World War
Girl Upset Over Dress That Looks Different On Her Than Model
North Korea and Russia forge 'year of friendship' pariah alliance
No overhead luggage storage? No Problem
Iron Man Gives Bionic Arm To Seven-Year-Old Boy
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
'Eavesdropping' Barbie Scares Privacy Groups
China Says That It Will Decide the Dalai Lama's Next Reincarnation
Bride tests groom's IQ, dumps him after he answers 15+6 equals to 17
People not talking to each other
Americans Name Government as No. 1 U.S. Problem
Giuliani: Obama Should Say The 'Kinds Of Stuff Bill Cosby Used To Say'
Elon: The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Bride walks out of wedding as groom fails math test
Tony Abbott proved how much he liked Tasmanian produce when picked up a raw onion and ate it, skin and all.
Peeping tom in Seoul sees no sex, lights a fire in frustration
Australian Prime Minister proves how much he likes local produce by eating a raw onion without crying.
Former Employee Says Harrises Attempted to Pray Demons Out of Kids:One former employee of Growing God's Kingdom says the Harrises didn't just believe their adopted kids were possessed, but they also believed students at the school possessed demons as well.
Bride Walks Out Of Wedding After Groom Fails Her Math Test
Skier hit by plane in French Alps
Abbott eats raw brown onion, skin and all, during Tasmanian farm visit
Pahang university comes up with ways to combat witchcraft
Tony Abbott shocks as he eats a raw onion whole
In India Jamia Students Stick Sanitary Pads with Feminist Messages on Campus in an effort to raise awareness about rape and sexism
In India Jamia Students Stick Sanitary Pads with Feminist Messages on Campus
Tony Abbot shocks as he eats a raw onion whole
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott eats an onion, skin and all, while touring an onion farm in Tasmania.
Guy Makes $250,000 A Year By Impersonating Alan From 'The Hangover'
Zach Galifianakis Impersonator Makes $250,000 a Year as Hangover Character
UK: Jail Time for Revving Engine in a Racist Manner
Women now demand their right to orgasm - The Times of India
50,000 Chevy Volt's Recalled for Being Too Quiet
Indian bride walks out of wedding when groom fails math test
Portsmouth police car catches fire at Dunkin' Donuts
Sports jersey company apologizes for labeling their tags with these washing instructions: "Give this jersey to your woman, it's her job"
Teen accused of stealing goat to ask girlfriend to the prom
Tony Abbott eats a raw onion
Two people injured after trying to play bowling with hand grenade
Squirrel fills up car engine with nuts
Call of Duty: Police searching for "serial pooper"
DARPA Says It Wants to Help Protect Your Online Privacy
Meth lab found in Wal Mart restroom in Indiana
Prediksi Bayer Leverkusen vs Stuttgart 14 Maret 2015
Bride ditches groom who failed to do basic maths sum, says his family lied
The Toronto Maple Leafs Mascot Asks To Be Traded
Murder suspect smears face with feces in Jefferson Parish courtroom, says 'Life is like a box of chocolates'
Man jailed for rapping lyrics made famous by eminem
Mally Makeover: How to fake an orgasm with makeup
Food company changes the name of its meatballs to 'balls' as they don't contain any meat
Apple's Tim Cook offered liver to dying boss Steve Jobs
Bowler throws grenade instead of ball in Ukraine, 2 injured
Bored pilot draws penis on FlightRadar with private plane
Random guy begs Internet to buy him a Gold Apple Watch Edition
Televangelist Creflo Dollar launches appeal to buy $65 million private plane for evangelism
Australian Prime Minister chomps down on raw onion with the skin still on
Man creates a website to raise $10,000 to buy Apple's 18-Karat Watch Edition
Paragould girl impaled by deer antler shares her experience
Meth Lab uncovered inside restroom at Indiana Wal-Mart.
Dallas Holocaust Museum presents Spring Break with Curious George
Men who open doors for women can be as sexist as those who are rude to them, study finds
World's first successful penile transplant performed in Cape Town
Cutting carbon emissions will cause crops to die, warns UKIP
Enterprising pilot draws 20-mile penis over Florida on Flightradar
Bride walks out of wedding in India after groom can't answer this math question
Indian bridegroom dumped over failed math test
Meth Lab Found Inside Walmart Restroom in Indiana
This Woman Makes $1,300 A Day Squashing Men With Her 48NN Breasts
Worker Hospitalized After Ham Falls on Top of Him
The Greek finance minister has picked an awkward time to pose for a glossy lifestyle photoshoot
Blind dog helps musher make his way along Iditarod route
This Guy Makes $250,000 A Year To Impersonate Zach Galifianakis In Vegas
Indian bridegroom dumped over failed maths test
Greenwich's Gabriele's Italian Steakhouse Joins Meatless Mondays
Mystery pooper terrorizing Ohio neighborhood
Photo of baby in American flag shrouded in controversy
Americans are 'more likely to have an STD than Europeans': New research reveals Iceland is the chlamydia capital of Europe while Washington D.C. tops the HIV league
Canadian woman fatally injured when whale lands on tourist boat in Mexico
Indian Bride Ditches Groom After He Flubs Math Test at Their Wedding
Restaurant will close, open new location nearby
Hazy Heads: Heavy Teen Pot Use Linked to Weaker Memories
Petition asks Death to bring Sir Terry Pratchett back
Seinfeld's India shows called off for want of parking space
SAE's Oklahoma Chapter May Sue University, OU President; Hires High-Profile Lawyer: Report
Man with face tattoos booted from Bombshells breastaurant
Georgia Bill Helps Wife Beaters
Norwich City fan's mum roasts 16 tickets to Brighton match
Aiming the stream in another direction - paint vs. pee
Ohio serial pooper gets caught on camera defecating on car - NY Daily News
'Extremist' Content in Activist's Nemtsov Banner Actually Putin Quote
Yoplait exposes French yogurt cartel
Seriously one of the best ads out there that could be a true story
'Even a first grader can answer this': Indian bride walks out of wedding after groom says 15 plus six equals 17
Moscow Offers 'Husband Rentals' for Helpless Russian Women
"Crisis Pregnancy Center" advises woman to "stop whoring around"
'His handshakes break hands': Press secretary dismisses Putin illness rumors
Man arrested after selling meth energy drinks
Israeli FM Lieberman: Disloyal Arab-Israelis 'Should Be Beheaded'
Bride ditches groom after he fails simple math test at their wedding
Groom dumped over failed maths test
TIME magazine has been putting devil horns on the people on the cover.
Carl's Jr.'s New All-Natural Burger Makes The Rest Of Their Menu Look Toxic
Arkansas Legislator Justin Harris Performed Exorcisms On Adopted Daughters Before Giving Them Away: Report
NYPD caught wikiwashing Wikipedia entries on police brutality
Tax Official Dies in Office, Co-Workers Don't Notice for Two Days
Bill and Melinda Gates are not interested in the Apple Watch
'His handshakes break hands': Aide downplays Putin health rumors
Putin In Italy For Birth of Secret Love Child
Man complained to police about quality of his cannabis, charged with possession of the drug.
Oklahoma Lawmaker Wants Anti-Gay Businesses to Post "No Gays Allowed" Signs. Excellent!
Milwaukee Brewers ban high fives after outbreak of pink eye
NOPD recruitment message now appears on local Domino's Pizza boxes
Biologist who does not believe measles exists and offered 100,000 euros to anyone who proved him wrong is ordered by a judge to pay German doctor who sent him a medical study
Mom Leaves Baby Behind in Search of Doughnut
Dennis The Dachshund Loses 44 Pounds, Doesn't Eat Burgers And Pizza Anymore
75-year-old animal lover forced to strangle rabid raccoon
Indian bride walked out of wedding after groom failed to answer maths problem
The Parents Who Give Their Children Bleach Enemas to 'Cure' Them of Autism
Dad can't aff plane ticket, mails himself to Australia
South African university performs successful penis transplant
Indian bride leaves groom at wedding after he fails skill-testing question
South Africans perform first 'successful' penis transplant
'Jeopardy' player ends up in the final round all alone
Bride abandons wedding after groom can't solve arithmetic problem.
Russian channel 'Rossiya 24' prematurely reports on Putin meeting which has yet to happen
Man marries his pillow
New Pee-Repellent Wall Paint To Soak The Shoes Of Public Urinators
Dad can't afford plane ticket, mails himself to Australia
Teenagers Float Away On Lake Michigan Ice Raft
Surgeons announce world's first successful penis transplant
Woman uses Nike+ to draw miles-long penises
Will Ferrell Plays Right Field for San Diego Padres
Wife of Westland soccer referee killed by player serves red card to defendant at sentencing
Police Raid Underground Weed Farm Hidden Under A Kid's Playhouse.
S. African surgeon claims world's first penis transplant
Akron, Ohio Police looking for "serial shitter", 19 cars dumped on & inside of
Televangelist launches crowdfunding appeal to buy $65 million private jet to "blanket the globe with the gospel of grace"
Docs Perform First Successful Penis Transplant
$65,000,000 for a New Private Jet, Creflo Dollar? Negro, Please
Creflo Dollar launches appeal to buy $65 million private plane for evangelism
Atlanta Minister Raising $60 Million for a New Jet.
Northampton man builds igloo 'speakeasy' in front yard, serves patrons in polar bear costume
Francis predicts he won't be pope for long, says he misses pizza
Minister Creflo Dollar asks for $60 million in donations for a new jet
Man receives penis transplant
Billionaire Flies for Free After Paying $36 Million for Ancient Chinese Vase
Bride walks out of wedding when groom fails simple math test
China Says It Has "Decision-Making Power Over the Reincarnation of the Dalai Lama"
Brewers ban high fives to avoid spread of pink eye
After Outbreak of Pink Eye, Milwaukee Brewers Ban High Fives
Nutritionists Say Your Kid Should Chow Down on Day-Glo Processed Cheese
Woman, 75, strangles rabid raccoon that attacked her
Ikea drops lifestyle website in Russia over 'gay propaganda' fears
Penis transplant declared successful for the first time in history
$255 carpet dispute leads to death threats
Here's Joe Biden doing bicep curls while talking on the phone
Edits of Wikipedia Pages for Eric Garner, Stop-and-Frisk Were Made From NYPD Headquarters
Milwaukee Brewers Ban High-Fives Due to Rampant Pinkeye
China Says It Will Decide Who the Dalai Lama Shall Be Reincarnated As
Pizza charged in shooting in Lee County
Developer finds 'ridiculous amount' of hidden penises in State of Decay
Antrel Rolle Says His Decision to Sign with Bears Was Due to Airline Deal Alert
Active meth lab found in Indiana Walmart bathroom
Orland Park man credits hot sauce with saving his life
Akron Police Searching for Serial Pooper
Ban On 'Climate Change' Widespread Across Florida Government Under Rick Scott
Gallop poll: Government is America's biggest problem
Tony Abbot eats a raw onion
CNN: Minister Creflo Dollar asks for $60 million in donations for a new jet
My Roommate, the Darknet Drug Lord
The Rich (Treasure) Not Forever Proud
Ohio serial pooper gets caught on camera defecating on car
Oklahoma Democrat: If You Plan To Discriminate Against Gays, You Must Post a Sign Saying So
Cat poop costs Texas widow a Ford Explorer
Bored pilot draws penis on flight map using live tracking app
Man Wins Lottery Without Knowing It, Loses Ticket, Probably Cries
Indian bride walks out on groom at wedding cause he can't solve math problem
Doctors Perform the World's First Successful Penis Transplant
50 Cent's 2-year-old son makes more money than all of us
Woman Realizes 'Ethnic Cleanse' Not a Weight Loss Thing
Doctors perform the world's first penis transplant
Mom Says Bananas Were Infested With Spiders That Can Cause Hours-Long Erections
Artilleryman Starves to Death Inside Hearing Test Booth
Thieves Steal Pretty Much Everything From Home
Australian prime minister eats onion raw, skin on
Paula Deen's butter matching mobile game has a nightmare trailer
Beck Threatens to Quit NRA if They Re-Elect 'Secret Muslim' Grover Norquist to Board
Rangers director Chris Graham resigns after apparently tweeting cartoon depicting the Prophet Mohammed engaged in a sex act Jar Jar Binks
Earth science is not hard science, congressional Republicans declare
Oklahoma chapter of SAE hires same attorney that represented the Oklahoma City Bomber
EPA exploring reduction of air pollution from backyard BBQ emissions
Man taunts elephant at Sri Lankan National Park, gets trampled
Brewers ban hand-slapping high-fives because of pink eye
Watch: VP Biden does arm curls while calling world leaders
Hundreds get naked at London Zoo in Streak For Tigers
Man wants Budweiser, shoots friend when he gets can of Busch
Bride backs out of marriage to math-challenged groom
Pilot draws penis on FlightRadar with his plane
Slender Man stabbing: Wisconsin girls must be tried as adults, judge says
The Internet Reacts To That Video Of Tony Abbott Eating A Raw Onion
When peeing in public in this German city, beware walls that pee back
Ingenious plan against piracy [in India]: no longer release movies
Indian bride walks out on groom when he fails to complete a simple math problem
White students barred from public discussion on racism
City worker says Ferguson police shooting was a 'set up'
Wrestling-themed restaurant owner body slams armed man
Teen loses virginity to dad after reuniting after 12 years
Microsoft buys Notch's hat for $2 billion, claiming it to be a "super smart decision"
Springfield mayor gives G.I. Joe's nemesis key to the city
3 Kansas hospital patients die of ice cream-related illness
British mother scared stiff to find deadly, erection-giving spiders in bananas purchased from grocery store
Sugar Industry Influenced National Health Policy, Says Researcher
Man airlifted after 36 hams fall on his head
Homeopaths Totally Baffled By Cordial
ISIS threatens to invade Antarctica.
Police Chase Man on Motorcycle Through Surrey Mall, Escapes in Wooded Area
Don't Condemn Greek System for Few Bad Apples
Cobra Commander Given The Key To Springfield, Illinois
Pope Francis: 'All I want is to go out for a pizza!'
Wet Wipes Box Says Flush. New York's Sewer System Says Don't.
PETA asks Tim Burton to change Dumbo ending
Megachurch pastor, who preaches that God blesses the faithful with earthly riches, seeks donations so he can buy a $68-million private jet.
Politicians wear birth control earrings to show support for funding plan
Deadly shooting at "Rainbow Family" pacifist gathering in Florida
San Francisco to redirect stream of public urinators with hydrophobic walls
Rand Paul says he's connecting with thousands of teens over Snapchat
Megachurch Pastor Seeks Donations for Pricey Private Jet
Accused killer defecates in court, smears feces on his face, grins and says 'life is like a box of chocolates'
Vets Can Finally Sue Contractors for Cancer Caused by War
Woman suffers stroke as banana peel remedy fails
Taber, Alberta bylaw bans swearing
Canada town blasted for 'Footloose' bylaw banning spitting, swearing, shouting - and gathering in groups larger than three
Suspicious banana is really just a banana.
Brewers ban high fives after player gets pink eye
Bull with two faces sold at auction
Rogue owl caught after year-long reign of terror in Dutch town
This Advertising Gets more Likes than Any Film
Carl Sagan's Son Is a 9/11 Truther
Budweiser or Busch: Argument over beer brands ends with shotgun blast, JPSO says
Joe Biden Says He Does A Million Arm Curls A Day But We Call Bull#!% On That
Pope Francis: 'The devil has made Mexico pay'
Pregnant Woman Attacked, Brutally Beaten For Not Saying Thanks To Man Who Held Door For Her
Clinton's illegitimate daughter? Or a Tea Party hoax?
Nuggets Rally for 114-103 Win Over Short-Handed Warriors
Jack in the Box employee climbs on roof to escape police warrant
'Hockey Wives': Meet the cast of Canada's newest reality show
Claims head 'phoned God' to punish pupils
Prediksi Cagliari vs Empoli 15 Maret 2015
Comedian Jerry Seinfeld's shows in Mumbai cancelled over parking issues
Nickelodeon Cartoon -- Topless Female Cartoon Character on the Boob Tube
TV Host calls Mrs. Obama an Ape and gets fired.
A debt management solution
PETA Now Fighting for the Rights of Fictional Elephants
Elon Musk: I'm Not Building a Spaceship to Get Back to My Home Planet Mars
Train announcer asks fat passengers not to sit down as they take up too many seats
learn to sing opera
Where in the World Is Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin? Not Giving Birth.
Tony Abbott eats raw, unpeeled onion
Someone Sent the Montreal Police Union a Bloody Pig's Head
Pig's head found outside Montreal Police Brotherhood office
British Airways flight to Dubai forced to return due to 'smelly poo in the toilet'
Virgin Customers Targeted in New Porn Piracy Shakedown
Michael Jackson's Skin Disorder Now A 'Must Have' 2015 Fashion Accessory
Nelly Performs in Iraq to Support Victims of ISIS
Police In Thailand Lay Down Vests and Barricades In Solidarity With Protestors
British Airways flight to Dubai forced to return to Heathrow Airport after 'smelly poo in the toilet' becomes unbearable for passengers
Police: Drunk man demands to be arrested on 21st birthday
Armed police launch manhunt for 'gunman' in camouflage clothing spotted walking through Norwich - and it turns out to be a fundraiser in fancy dress for COMIC RELIEF
Cop killer bids for release because he plays the flute.
How Dublin Celebrated the 48-Hour Legal Ecstasy Loophole
Teen partially paralyzed because of pot brownie
Eunuchs never fall sick because they clap, claims SP MP
France fines yogurt cartel 193m euros for price-fixing
Man found asleep on pile of stolen cash after shop raid.
Dolce and Gabbana Launch Tirade Against 'Non-traditional Families'
Rudy Giuliani says Obama should be more like Bill Cosby, blames Brooklyn McDonald's fight and Ferguson cop shootings on President
Teen dies after eating pancakes
Bored pilot draws giant penis in the sky
Eavesdropping' new Barbie has parents group worried
I wanted to look like a K-pop star so I went to a South Korean plastic surgery clinic
St. Bernards to Rescue Dying Cell Phones at SXSW
Valet gave couple's car to a thief
New U.S. stealth bomber shrouded in mystery
Americans Favor Legalizing Pot and Criminalizing Congress
Someone did a poo so smelly 'it caused BA plane to turn back to Britain'
Attention decay in science: a study that confirms that there are too many studies
NRA to investigate anti-tax crusader Grover Norquist after Glenn Beck accuses him of having ties to the Muslim Brotherhood
British Airways flight diverted after 'smelly poo' left in toilet.
Someone does a poo so smelly on British airways flight to Dubai 'it causes plane to turn around.'
'Smelly poo' forces long-haul flight to turn back for Heathrow
Man Beat Pregnant Woman For Not Thanking Him For Holding Door Open
Ex Philadelphia transit cop convicted of masturbating on subway
Russian state TV reported Putin met with the Kyrgyz president - but the meeting isn't until Monday
Wilkes-Barre Man Attempts to Avoid Arrest...by Rolling in Dog Feces
12 Disney Princesses As Lukewarm Bowls Of Water
Georgia Pastor Wants His Flock to Give Him $65 Million So He Can Buy a Private Jet
Gentlemen's club born again - Clovis News Journal
Putin drops his American PR company
A Horrible Poo Caused A British Airways Plane To Turn Back To Britain.
A man and his wallet, reunited after 65 years
Massage from Head to Toe
Family of register of wills misplaces father's will
An Open Letter to 47 Republican Senators of the United States of America from Iran's Hard-Liners
ay what? Social Security data says 6.5M in US reach age 112
Say what? Social Security data says 6.5M in US reach age 112
Groom Fails Bride's Math Test So She Ditched Him At The Wedding
Church Seeks Donations for $67 Million Jet
One Lonely Contestant Makes It To Final Round In Bizarre Jeopardy Episode
Milwaukee Brewers ban high-fives amid pinkeye outbreak
Cristian Soratos Reveals He First Wore Sonic The Hedgehog Socks When He Ran His 3:56.87 Mile
Nintendo Of America President Says "We Think Deeply About Our Product Names"
Iowa woman: Stomach pains led to surprise birth in shower
Nun, Who Tried to Prevent Robbery, Gangraped in India
Philly buses ordered to accept ads featuring Hitler
Meth lab discovered at Wal-Mart restroom in Indiana
New Ford GT will cost about $ 400,000
The NYPD may be editing the Wikipedia pages of people it killed
Area Man Too Sleepy To Finish Rolling Joint On Subway
White students barred from funded RSU student group event - Racialized Students Collective says students were kicked out for being white
Atheist Making A Fortune From Selling Bibles Says The Money Is Too Good To Be True
Former Chief Will Collect Pension in Prison
Utah Congressman proposes dress code for Obama daughters.
Prosecutor: Sailors traded illicit videos of female officers like Pokemon cards
C.I.A. Cash Ends Up in Coffers of Al Qaeda
ISIS wants to 'blow up' White House, Big Ben and Eiffel Tower, spokesman says in audio message
NORTHERN BEACHES Are you cereal? Sydney man finds python packed into cornflake box
Are you cereal? Sydney man finds python packed into cornflake box
Parents think "white girls don't have sex".
World's First Successful Penis Transplant (And Yes, It Works!)
Dakota Meyer, Medal of Honor recipient, engaged to Sarah Palin's daughter
Driver tells fat people to stand in the aisles (and slim people to sit) to relieve overcrowding on his train
Driver tells fat people to stand in the aisle (and slim people to sit) to relieve overcrowding on his train
People Keep Throwing Pizzas On the Roof of the Breaking Bad House
Man Shoots Friend In Argument Over Beer Near New Orleans: Police
Nickelodeon's 'boobgate': Children's TV channel under fire for cartoon which showed bare breasted lady in the background.
Jesus Wants Me to Have This Jet
Cancer Survivor Credits Hot Sauce With Saving His Life
BBC boss claims 'Clarkson is like Savile'
Pilot of private plane draws penis flight path over Lakeland on FlightRadar
Bride in India walks out of wedding after groom fails math test
Thousands of Kids Across America Are Rapping About Sausages
Protesters stage anti-robot rally at SXSW
South African doctors perform world's first penis transplant
Leesburg [Virginia] council member claims God - not government - ended slavery
Union concerned about violence if beer and wine are sold at Ontario supermarkets 44
Deadly Spider With Venom That Can Also Cause Painful Erection Found in Store's Banana
Tractor-trailer crashes, spills Twizzlers on Pennsylvania highway
Hamster sparks blaze destroying house killing two dogs and a chinchilla
Ingenious plan against piracy: no longer release movies - Myce.com
Groom fails math test; Indian bride walks out of wedding
Australian Prime Minister filmed eating raw onion, skin and all
The State of Alabama is back up for auction on eBay
Paternity Fraud Begs the Question: Who's Your Daddy? | The Rockland County Times
The '1,000mph' Bloodhound car is so fast it needs to be bulletproof
Legally blind hiker rescued from Lions after getting lost
British Airways flight to Dubai forced to return to Heathrow due to 'smelly poo in toilet'
Anti-Robot Protest Held At SXSW
Contract Killer busted for advertising services on Facebook
Nice little town in illinois gives cobra commander key to the city.
'Belle de Jour' sues ex-boyfriend for saying she wasn't a prostitute
Bride walks out of the marriage during the ceremony when husband fails to answer what is 15 plus 6
Flight Forced To Turn Around Due To 'Smelly Poo' In The Toilet
Two 12 yo girls stabbed their friend to death to please internet meme Slender Man
Indian bride walks out of wedding after groom gets math problem wrong
Chinese tour operator named Yellow Skin Tour caused outrage leaflets including photos of grinning tourists holding up turtles by the flippers
White Supremacist Group: Selma Marches Were An 'Orgy Of Sex, Alcohol And Drugs'
Irish Senator thinks Mother's Day will be banned due to gay marriage
Journalist is mugged on live TV
Kanye West To Receive Honorary Doctorate
A statue of Mahatma Gandhi has been erected in London...
Commuters shocked as station announcer tells fat people not to sit down on busy train
Mahatma Gandhi Statue Unveiled In London
Phim 18 Chuyện tình Cô giáo
The rise of luxury toilet paper
Racist Hate Crime caught on Video - you won't believe who the victim is
Zeeland Pastor Under Fire for Comparing Gays to Axe Murderers
Condom Snorting Becomes The Latest Internet Craze
Kanye West insists President Obama phoned him: 'He called our house before, he knows that'
'Terror owl' trapped in Dutch city
Murder suspect smears poop on face in court, says 'Life is like a box of chocolates'
Lifehouse Trick Southwest Airlines Passengers into Live Concert
Lavylites PRO | Lavyl Series | Lavylites Infos & Events
FDA proposes to let drug companies undermine official safety warnings
Isis creates a Facebook clone to make up for Twitter and Facebook banning them.
'Smelly poo' forces British Airways flight to turn around
Pope weighs in on campaign finance, but will he go before the FEC?
Orlando man shoots himself during robbery, flags down deputy himself
LiveLeak.com - How Is That Dick Bitch! (loud cussing)
UK's first 'poo bus' goes into regular service
Man shoots friend for bringing him wrong brand of beer
The Name Gary Is Becoming Extinct: Studies Show No One Is Naming Their Babies Gary Anymore
Are you called Gary? Your name could soon be on its way to becoming completely extinct
The name Gary could be wiped off the face of the Earth soon
There are too many scientific studies, says scientific study
Meth Lab Discovered at Walmart Restroom in Indiana
Feminist states she acquired PTSD on par with War Veterans
Missing President Vladimir Putin causes Moscow coup claims
Taylor Swift says pet cat Meredith owes her $40 million
Feminist states she acquired PTSD via online harrasment on par with War Veterans
Jury convicts man who used 'Joe Biden defense'
'Your world is on fire': Ted Cruz scares the hell out of a terrified little girl in New Hampshire
Mother frustrated at school for constantly losing her six-year-old son
Why Is Walmart Picking on This Cute Horse?
Boy, 4, Diagnosed With Rapunzel Syndrome, Gets 4ft Hairball Removed From Stomach By India Doctors After Suffering From Dehydration And Malnutrition
The snake with a thirst for beer serves as a warning to South Australians
Rafiki Meditating - Lion King
Taylor Swift says her cat Meredith owes her $40 million.
Chicago aims to be world's greenest city on St. Patrick's weekend
Man who shot two Ferguson officers says shooting was accidental; he was trying to murder somebody else
Headteacher made naughty children lie face down and pretended to phone God
Study: Parents wrongly think sugary drinks healthy
Steve Jobs Refused Liver Transplant from Apple CEO Tim Cook
Pilot Takes Creative Trolling To New Heights By Drawing A Penis Shape On Flight Radar
UK Man Fakes Being In A Coma For 2 Years
Parents Gave Their Children Bleach Enemas to 'Cure' Them of Autism
Teen dies after eating pancakes, family files lawsuit
Tom Cotton: Iran must be stopped because 'they already control Tehran'
Farmer Saves Newborn Calf from Freezing to Death by Holding Him in Hot Tub
Kevin Pillar of Toronto Blue Jays sidelined by sneeze
House Republicans Proposing "Dress Code" For First Daughters - See more at: http://nationalreport.net/house-republicans-proposing-dress-code-first-daughters/#sthash.TYuTPXWm.dpuf
Man Beats Pregnant Woman Who Doesn't Thank Him for Holding Door, NYPD Says
That's MY barking space! Stray dog kicked by driver for being in his parking bay returns with a pack of friends... and trashes his car
Seattle's new bathroom czar stops bus drivers' wet seats - and other weird business news
Seattle responds to bus drivers wearing diapers by hiring bathroom czar and other weird business news
Stowaway Chihuahua Found In Check-In Luggage
The hipster bar of Donetsk moves lock, stock and cocktails to Kiev
'Smelly poo' forces British Airways flight to return
No Seriously, Creed Are A Pretty Good Band
Two Xfactor judges fired from the show after verbally abusing a contestant
NASA successfully tests engine that uses no fuel, violates the laws of physics.
'Brisket Bandit' Strikes Again! This Time, He's Caught On Video
Zlatan Ibrahimovic appears to call France a 's**t country' after Paris Saint Germain defeat to Bordeaux
Man says hot sauce made with Carolina peppers saved his life
Not-Pot Leaf Gets 6th Grader In Big Trouble
Zing Me | Dự đoán kết quả xổ số Miền Bắc KQXSMB ngày hôm nay 16/3/2015
Nasa validates 'impossible' space drive
Japan: Speed-dating plan to boost dwindling birth rate
World waits for Putin to show up
China's State Media Calls U.S. "a butt"
Pig's head outside Montreal Police Brotherhood seen as 'direct threat'
Ted Cruz: Freedom won't survive unless we deny gay people theirs
Teenage Cyclist Hit By Car Told 'Sorry, I Can't Stop, It Would Upset My Kids'
Italian police: 'Isis flag' was jacket in tree
As nuke talks intensify, WH celebrates Iranian holiday
Anti-Robot Protest Held At SXSW | TechCrunch
Porn belongs in the classroom, says Danish professor
Publicist Who Advocated Punching Women in the Face Named 'Russia's Sexist of the Year'
brewster real estate yonkers ardsley larchmont mahopac mamaroneck apartments rye homes for sale in white plains katonah ny
Outdoor brushed aluminum table, View brushed aluminum table, Aoter Product Details from Foshan Nanhai Aoter Furniture Co., Ltd. on Alibaba.com
Jihadi Bilardi spreading the hate in his own way
ISIS Crossdressing To Escape Battlefield, Iraqi Militia Reports
Minnesota teen dies after eating pancakes; family files lawsuit
AeroMobil Planning To Launch Supercar Flying Car In 2017, Mass-Produced Autonomous" Version Later
Pro Baseball Player Hurt by Sneeze
Botched Christ fresco restorer opens new art exhibition in Spain
Teen Has Boyfriend Arrested So She Can Ask Him To Prom
Zlatan says France "doesn't deserve" a club like Paris-Saint Germain
Homeless Drug Addict Becomes A National Dancehall Star Overnight.
Is It Time for the Jews to Leave Europe?
Huh? Tom Cotton says Iran must be stopped because 'they already control Tehran'
Blue Jays player injures himself sneezing
Kevin Bacon Is Now the Official Spokesperson for Eggs
Ted Cruz terrifies a little girl in New Hampshire
Two Wisconsin girls murdered their classmate to appease Slender Man and protect their families from his wrath.
Teenager wakes from a coma 'addicted to cheese and swearing constantly '
Lawyer Attempting To Cripple Obamacare Cites Satirical Letter To Support His Supreme Court Case
Cotton Points out that Iran Controls Tehran
Someone Did a Shit So Bad On a British Airways Plane That It Had to Turn Around and Come Back Again
Megachurch Pastor seeks 65 million in donations for a new Gulfstream G650
Smelly Poo Causes Plane To Turn Back
SENATOR TOM COTTON WARNS THAT IRAN MUST BE STOPPED: 'THEY ALREADY CONTROL TEHRAN!' (VIDEO)
Islamic State Fighters Caught in Bras and Makeup Trying to Flee Iraq Islamic State Fighters Caught in Bras and Makeup Trying to Flee Iraq
Islamic State Fighters Caught in Bras and Makeup Trying to Flee Iraq
Hip-hop rodeo: Annual spring rodeo combines resident's love of riding and music
Someone On a British Airways Plane Took a Shit So Bad That It Had to Turn Around and Come Back Again
Mattel's new "Hello Barbie" records kids' voices and sends the intel back to corporate
British Airways flight grounded after 'smelly poo in the toilet' overwhelms passengers
'Breaking Bad' fans won't stop throwing pizzas on New Mexico home
Onlookers shouted "jump" and filmed a man before he fell to his death
Strange World: 'Poo Bus' Set For Number 2 Passenger Service
World Bank director wants class-action lawsuit against Microsoft after son's $4500 Xbox bill
GOP candidate vows no naked photos if elected to Congress
Suspect Spray Paints Face to Hide from Cops, It Doesn't Work
Thais warned against taking 'underboob selfies'
A new scientific study concludes there are too many scientific studies
Aging Baby Boomers Bring Drug Habits into Middle Age
Marijuana Will Become Federally Legal This Month
Is American Patriotism Getting Out of Hand? [x-post humanism]
Professor: You Still Have "White Privilege" Even if you "Survived a Nazi Concentration Camp"
Is American Patriotism Getting Out of Hand?
Greek Minister Denies Giving Germany The Finger
Parents to debate Wi-Fi restrictions in Alberta schools
Virginia school suspends an 11-year-old for one year over a leaf that wasn't marijuana
Flight makes emergency landing because the smell of someone's massive shit deemed the flight hazardous
Man Cooks Bacon with Assault Rifle
Ted Cruz Makes Impassioned Plea For Repeal Of Federal Legislation That Does Not Exist
A zookeeper who hates zoos
IKEA Does Not Want You To Play Hide And Seek In Stores
26 People Who Obviously Stole Willy Moon's Look Have they never heard of intellectual property?
BA flight forced to land early because of smelly poo
Basketball player killed by blood cell disorder, not by gum
Humans protest potential robot overlords at SXSW
Ikea Stamps Out Hide-and-Seek Games in Furniture Stores
Ted Cruz Assures New Hampshire Child That the World Is on Fire
Flight Forced To Make Emergency Landing After Someone Took A Shit In The Bathroom So Disgusting It Was Declared Hazardous To Health
Teen dies after eating pancakes at Minnesota cafe
".sucks" Registrations Begin Soon-At Up to $2,500 Per Domain
China orders Dalai Lama to reincarnate after death
Temidayo Joseph hanged himself in experiment to see how Robin Williams died.
Firey Ted Cruz confuses a little girl, snubs a goat in New Hampshire
40% of Americans can't spell Budweiser
The best stereotypical portrayals of Ireland ever
PETA Fighting for Rights of Fictional Animals
STREET OUTLAWS TINA PIERCE CRASHES AT NITRO JAM
Mom Furious After School Loses Her 6-Year-Old Son Four Times: 'He's Not Going Back'
CIA chief says social media 'greatly amplifies' terror threat
ISIS fighters dress as women in desperate attempt to flee battlefield‏
McDonald's workers told to treat burns with condiments, survey shows
Person takes a shit so bad on a British Airways flight, the plane is forced to land
IKEA: Please Stop Playing Hide-and-Seek in Our Stores
French Man Detained After Attempt To Smuggle Russian Wife In Suitcase
British Airways flight to Dubai forced to return to London due to 'a smelly poo' that stunk up entire plane
Anti robot rally at Austin technology conference
Why Bankers Are Leaving Finance for No-Salary Tech Jobs
Planned Parenthood and NARAL claim pro-life women don't exist
Snow days liberal plot to steal religious holidays!
Fox News Host, Snow Days Liberal plot against religion.
easyjet flight from Manchester delayed by more than an hour because pilot had 'something in his eye'
Frenchman Smuggles Russian Wife Into EU in Suitcase
White students booted from 'anti-racist' college meeting
Ikea Bans Hide-And-Seek In Stores
Natarsha Belling, Australian TV Personality, Wears Strangely Phallic Jacket On TV
Iranian professor loses job due to 'feminine' voice
Woman damages religious statue, covers with underwear
Burger King Names Chicken Gloria, Puts Her in Charge of Chicken Fries Live Fowl Will Decide Which Locations Serve Popular Limited-Time Item
You want my what?!?! Yup, you do need a card for Instant rewards
Need Some Meat? Head to This Minnesota Corrections Facility
Breaking: Greece Threatened 'Feta Dump' During Bailout Crisis
Wisconsin man too drunk for breath test
Springfield Mayor Gives Key to the City to Cobra Commander
Cop Shoves a Gun in a Teen's Face in a McDonald's Drive-thru, for Taking Too Long
Wis. man too drunk for breath test
Guitarist Kicks Cat, Cat Gets Revenge [Video]
Penis transplant patient gets rock solid erections
SUSPECT SPRAY-PAINTS FACE TO HIDE FROM COPS
White Students Asked to Leave Anti-Racism Event
The panopticon creator's memorial now surveils visitors
Frenchman hides Russian wife in a suitcase to sneak her into EU - Polish border guards have detained a French citizen who packed his Russian wife in a suitcase, attempting to smuggle her over the Belarus border. Officials noted later that she would've been able to enter EU legally.
Student who posted 'it is better to die from vodka than from boredom' dies from vodka
Nearly $5-a-gallon gas a mainstay at mysterious, often desolate Arco station in Torrance
Black Face Paint Ineffective In Fooling Police Seeking Stolen Car Suspect In Central Valley
Frenchman hides Russian wife in a suitcase to sneak her into EU
Man in Lunenburg robs GameStop with machete
White Students Banned from 'Anti-Racist' College Meeting because of their Race
Hump The Bundle - A Stroke Of Genius, With Surprisingly No Biters (NSFW)
Daniel Donovan Vows No Nude Photos if Elected to Congress
"Mystery pooper" plagues Invercargill swimming pool
British Airways Flight Reportedly Forced To Land Because Of 'Smelly Poo'
Sean Penn says he is not the next Liam Neeson
Six Nations incinerator polluting at up to 200 times Ontario limits
Earnest Brooklynites Start World's First Preschool For Adults
British Airways flight had to turn back due to 'smelly poo'
Superintendent: Why I Must Violate State Law To Help My Students
Mitt Romney is going to box retired professional boxer Evander Holyfield
Revealed: Woman who lit a cigarette on American Airlines plane and ranted about Obama is a Penn State PROFESSOR - who wrote her PhD thesis on hysterical women
Woman Arrested for Smoking on Plane, Yelling About Venezuela for 2 Hours
The match-up you've been waiting for: Evander Holyfield vs. Mitt Romney
Eagles not planning to sign Tim Tebow at this time
Ikea: No more hide-and-seek in our stores
White House office to delete its FOIA regulations
Idaho woman charged with killing hunter's falcon. Authorities say an Idaho Fish and Game officer received an anonymous call from a woman saying she tried to save a duck from a falcon.
Woman Arrested at MIA After Yelling About "War on Venezuela," Smoking on Plane
Sephora Taking Heat for Selling Lipstick in the Shade 'Underage Red'
Robert Durst of HBO's 'The Jinx' Says He 'Killed Them All'
Baseball player strains oblique after sneezing.
Islamic State fighters caught fleeing battlefield dressed as women
Sephora under fire from critics for selling a lipstick named 'Underage Red'
Woman charged with killing hunter's falcon to save duck
Jealous boyfriend crowdfunds campaign to oversee his girlfriend's vacation
Boyfriend to crowdfunders: 'Girlfriend will dump me unless you send me to Miami spring break'
Police say naked man standing in doorway is not breaking law, neighbors fed up
Kanye West Posts Nude Kim Kardashian Photos on Twitter: "I'M SO LUCKY"
Mitt Romney To Enter The Ring With Evander Holyfield
New Zealand swimming centre under attack by serial pooper
Mitt Romney must be really bored.....
Man attempts to smuggle wife into EU by packing her in a suitcase
Mitt Romney to take on heavyweight boxing champ Evander Holyfield in charity match
Evander Holyfield to Fight Mitt Romney for Charity Event
Man spray paints face to try to disguise himself from police
Breaking Bad Creator Wants Fans to Stop Throwing Pizzas on Roof
Netanyahu: If I'm elected, there will be no Palestinian state
Police using leprechauns for Vegas crosswalk enforcement
Mitt Romney and Evander Holyfield will face each other in a boxing match
Guinness potato chips appeal to most at Irish Pub
Man tries hiding under blanket to avoid arrest
Gay Students Ordered To Take Christian Sensitivity Training
San Francisco tenant outraged by landlord raising rent fourfold
Romney to take on Holyfield in boxing match
Mitt Romney to box Evander Holyfield for charity
Chuck Norris stumps for troubled Benjamin Netanyahu campaign
Man wanted a Budweiser, friend handed him a Busch. He shot him for giving him the wrong beer.
Republican Senator Tom Cotton Warns America: Iran Now Controls Tehran... Capital Of Iran
Guy shoots a friend over giving him the wrong beer
Guy shoots friend over giving him the wrong beer.
Starbucks to encourage baristas to discuss race relations with customers
Mitt Romney to Fight Evander Holyfield in Charity Bout
SF's Borland quits over safety issues
Mitt Romney is going to box Evander Holyfield
Willy Moon and Natalia Kills "embarrass entire nation"; Diana-style tribute forms at NZ High Commission
Boy wakes from coma addicted to cheese and swearing
Mitt Romney's new opponent is Evander Holyfield in charity boxing match
24 comments Hit-and-run victim's upper torso found in suspect's car; driver claims, 'I didn't hit anyone,' police say
Good Samaritan Allegedly Beaten to Death by the Man He Was Helping
Hit-and-run victim's upper torso found in suspect's car; driver claims, 'I didn't hit anyone,' police say
Hunt on for mystery pool pooer
Hipster Pokes Out Own Eye With Sharp Edge Of Curled Moustache
Suspect spray paints face black, then hides against white wall
E-mails: Aramark fed inmates cake chewed by rodents
Virginia school suspends an 11-year-old over a leaf that wasn't marijuana
CBO: Food stamp cuts would hit poorest the hardest
Hunt For Mysterious Pool Pooper
McDonald's Workers Say They Get Ketchup and Mustard Instead of First Aid
Suspect tried to hide by spray-painting his face, but there was a problem
Channel Ten's penis jacket was actually a Nine News exclusive
ISIS fighters caught trying to flee the death cult disguised in drag
Sunny Disposition: Computer-Aided Skyscraper Casts No Shadow
Mitt Romney Is Going to Fight Evander Holyfield
Kid buys $4500 worth of FIFA players on Xbox
A network error routed traffic for the UK's nuclear weapons agency through Russian telecom
What do you call a bus powered by human poo? The number two of course and it's ready for service
Teenager Found Out He Had Testicular Cancer After Pregnancy Test Came Back Positive
Swedish court dismisses rape case because 13-year-old victim looked 'well-developed'
Radio 4 comedy star Jeremy Hardy's show descends into violence over 'too loud' laugh
Nude Pakistan Motorcyclist Shehroz Khan Arrested After Video Goes Viral
Starbucks Encourages Baristas To Discuss Race With Customers
Teen Cyclist Gets Hit By A Car, Mom Driving Tells Him She Couldn't Stop To Help Him Because The Blood Would Upset Her Children
Crews use giant chainsaw dangling from helicopter to trim trees
Mitt Romney to fight ex-heavyweight champ Evander Holyfield for charity
Archaeologists Unearthed a 250-Year-Old Pretzel
Judges sacked for watching porn
Boy Suspended for Year & Prosecuted for Bringing A Leaf to School
Man captures video of two koalas engaged in "fiercely adorable wrestling match"
Thailand warns women who post 'underboob' photos face five years in jail
Mom Arrested After Asking Police to Talk to Young Son About Stealing: Suit
A plane turned around because of an overwhelming smell of poo
'Hooker Hotel' fate may come this month, councilman says
Living the dream: Pakistani rock star moves to Scranton, opens dollar store
Another textbook gun law victory for National Rifle Association
Censor board will no longer be about censorship: Minister.
'I felt like James Bond': Boy, 13, enlists taxi in chase across city to find iPhone he left on bus
Three Judges Fired For Watching Porn At Work
Onion satire from 2003 has become reality in 2015
Anti-science advocates are freaking out about Google truth rankings
Kevin Smith confirms he's making Mallrats 2 for the amusement of Kevin Smith
Braille handbook of traffic signs released
ISIS whips 5 men for using flush toilet instead of squat toilet
Man steals bike and is hit by bus during getaway
Mitt Romney to Fight Evander Holyfield
Christian charities preach helping the less fortunate, unless you're gay
Fox Uncovers The Liberal Plot To Use Snow Days To Eradicate Religious Holidays
Police say naked man standing in doorway is not breaking law; neighbors are fed up
IKEA is forced to ban people from playing hide and seek in its stores after tens of thousands start concealing themselves in fridges and underneath children's soft toys
Budweiser drinker shoots pal after being handed Busch
More than 52,000 Canadians traveled abroad for medical care in 2014
No "underboob selfies," say Thai military leaders
Australian TV Personality Wore A Jacket That Made It Look Like She Had A Giant Dick On Her Chest
Backyard burger and wiener roasts targeted by EPA
Did Greek minister Varoufakis show Germany the 'Stinkefinger'?
Secret service wants $8 million White House replica for training
Azealia Banks Hates on "Fat White Americans," Lorde, and Kanye West in Controversial Playboy Interview
Kraft Singles is first food allowed to display 'Kids Eat Right' logo
Proposed Law Would Label Parents of Fat Kids "Child Abusers"
Secret Service wants $8 million for a fake White House
Oklahoma is banning atheists from getting married
Penis-Shaped Neckline Livens Up Natarsha Belling's News Report
Putin looking very well for a man who died last week
Cheers! That crazy 'Florida Man' parody is now a beer.
Darth Vader robs North Carolina bank
Man stands naked in his doorway but isn't breaking the law
After Borland retirement, NFL says football has never been safer
Two White Students Banned From Anti-Racism Group At University Campus
Starbucks Launches Campaign To Heal Race Relations, One Latte At A Time
Ted Cruz Wishes His Signature on the Iran Letter Had Been Way Bigger
AP correction: Accused murderer Robert Durst is not a former member of Limp Bizkit
New cuddle company brings professional snuggling to Winnipeg
Ikea nixes massive hide and seek games at Dutch stores
Kraft American Cheese Singles, Which Are Not Cheese, Have Been Labeled A Health Food By Professional Nutritionists
Kitchener closes Stauffer Drive for salamander safety - Kitchener-Waterloo
FCC Tries to Convince Congress That There Is No "ObamaNet"
German Couple Visits Greece and Pay Share of War Reparations
Ron Paul: US Should Send "Thank You" Note To Iran
Pile high club: 'Pungent' poo causes passenger jet to turn back, culprit yet to be found
Secret Service wants fake White House to train agents
Woman accused of killing falcon to save duck
Arizona Lawmakers Debate Whether God Gave Americans Gun Rights
AP Issues Correction: Robert Durst Is Not a Former Limp Bizkit Member
Secret Service Wants a Fake White House to Help Protect the Real One
Jail inmate escapes in Ford Escape
A new study concludes there are too many scientific studies
Boy, 15, arrested over 'racist' Danny Welbeck tweet
I Can Text You A Pile of Poo, But I Can't Write My Name
The Secret Service wants to build an $8 million replica of the White House
Police: Man stabbed to death amid fight over spilled coffee
The UK's first "small penis party" where men gather to talk frankly about their members.
Justin Bieber May Have Shed Tears During His Roast
LAPD officer accused of trying to smuggle Mexican citizen across border
Howie Mandel target of toilet paper prank
Ashley Judd: 'I'm Pressing Charges' Against Twitter Trolls
Woman sentenced to 70 lashes and forced to pay a fine for insulting a man on private messaging service WhatsApp in Saudi Arabia
Ikea To 32,000 People: No Hide-And-Seek At Our Stores
Oregon woman sets herself on fire, crashes car, jumps off bridge - and lives
Priest Who Ran Meth Ring Pleads for Leniency
Woman in Florida arrested after faking cancer to collect thousands in donations.
A 21-year-old who's refusing to pay back her student loans compares her cause to Rosa Parks' fight
Bud Light deletes St Patrick's Day tweet because of sexual assault undertones.
Military dolphins help defend the world's largest stockpile of nuclear weapons
Microsoft is phasing out Internet Explorer
Ingenious plan against piracy: no longer release movies
Man wearing 'Darth Vader-style mask' robs Pineville bank
U.S. arms sent to Syria that Rand Paul warned might end up in al-Qaeda hands, end up in al-Qaeda hands
Justin Bieber Fans Have Their Periods...
Boy awakes from coma addicted to cheese and swearing
Ikea puts a stop to hide-and-seek games in Netherlands stores
Calculators do what their told.
Cops Respond to Wrong House, Kill Service Dog Who Worked With Children With Down Syndrome
Serbians told: don't throw your hand grenades into the garbage
Ex-cop's rape charges enhanced after alleged victim testifies he raped her in bed with infant, called her 'ghetto piece of s---'
Student dies in drinking competion after swallowing 25 shots of Vodka in 60 seconds
Mitt Romney is going to fight Evander Holyfield (for charity)
Apology over portable toilet on Mildenhall war memorial
Florida International University realizes that they don't know what language they used to name one of their buildings
Authorities: Lufkin woman bit boy's foot because he wouldn't get up during 'Monday Night Raw'
Coca-Cola Pays Nutritionists to Promote Coke as Heart Healthy
Kanye Tweeted Several Nude Kim Kardashian Photos to Celebrate Her 30 Million Followers
'Return To Life': How some children have memories of reincarnation
British Airways flight forced to land early because of smelly poo
AP clarifies: Robert Durst was not in Limp Bizkit
Australian Government says large private companies should be exempt from tax regulation because of kidnap fears if their tax details are published.
Mass Incarceration of Americans: Why do we like putting ourselves in jail?
Man allegedly spray paints face black to escape police
The Associated Press issues correction for confusing Fred and Robert Durst
Tourists rub Florida Manatees whether they like it or not.
Secret Service wants to build fake White House so it can better protect the real thing.
Darth Vader Robs Bank With Long Gun
Officer kills man upon return from leave for other shooting
Selfie danger during solar eclipse, eye experts warn.
Pregnant woman stuffs 89 bags of heroin inside body: cops
Arkansas Judge Mauled by Family's Pet Zebra
UC Berkeley confirms Guy Fieri will not speak at spring commencement, despite rumors
Dick Cheney Winds Up In Playboy
In the second item of the California 10th NewsMinute sent March 16 to users of the state broadcast wire, The Associated Press reported erroneously that Robert Durst is a member of a band. He is a real estate heir; Fred Durst is the former frontman of Limp Bizkit.
AP confuses Robert Durst with Limp Bizkit singer Fred Durst
Women with vagina piercings to be classed as suffering from FGM
Google's Diversity Manager Asks Google Chairman to Stop Interrupting Woman at SXSW
Lebron James catches media members taking semi-nude photos of him in the locker room
Serbia Asks People To Please Stop Throwing Their Grenades In The Garbage
Kraft recalls 242,000 cases of mac and cheese for metal pieces
Obama, Holder Hailed for Openness at Transparency Celebration
Lebron James catches media members taking semi-nude photos of him in the locker room (ex-post /r/nba)
NFL Commish Goodell Backed Out of Between Two Ferns Because He Can't Take Jokes About Himself
'Winston Churchill' spared jail after cheese theft
Secret Service Wants to Build White House Replica to Train
Scott Walker's new digital strategist tells it like it f---ing is
How Idiotic Instagram Selfies Earned a 19-Year-Old Criminal 142 Felony Counts
Police: Suspect spray-paints face to avoid identification
Idiotic Instagram Selfies Earned a 19-Year-Old Criminal 142 Felony Counts
Starbucks to Solve Racism by Writing Stuff on Cups
Skeptical Mexicans Try Taco Bell For The First Time
Austin family has their piñata store demolished without notice to make room for a SXSW party
Chinese passenger opens plane door during take-off "after mistaking handle for handrail"
Man kills wife to prevent "horrible things" happening in the future. My local news.
Flight Forced To Land After Passenger Drops Terrible Load In Airplane Bathroom...
Austin landlords demolish piñata store for SXSW, call Mexican tenants 'roaches'
Man broke into neighbors' house to take back Christmas gift they 'did not appreciate'
Ikea bans giant game of hide-and-seek in Dutch stores
Cops: Man Stole Xmas Gift He Gave Neighbors
Leftist College Professor arrested after lighting a cigarette and unleashing an anti-American tirade on a plane.
Spirit Airlines pushes limits of good taste with new $69 promotion
How to avoid catching Ebola virus: Don't eat poo, says TV expert
White students asked to leave anti racism event at ryerson
Satirical candidates win UT student government elections
5 Near-Identical Jesus Myths That Predate Jesus
Secret Service wants to build fake White House to help better protect real president
Scientology goes Full Tim and Eric on 'Going Clear' documentary
Crocodiles eating a human shocks British tourists on Zambezi sunset cruise
Can Anyone Beat Kentucky In The NCAA Tournament? These Eight Teams Hav... Earl Sweatshirt Had His New Album Release Ruined So Here's A New Video... James Franco Interviewed 'Gay James Franco,' Who Is Also James Franco
James Franco Interviewed 'Gay James Franco,' Who Is Also James Franco
Student who posted "it's better to die from vodka than bordem" dies from vodka
Who's photocopying their cat at Steenbock Library?
'We are all Hamburgers': De Maizière
Meth Labs in Walmart: Not That Unusual
The online dating site sued for targeting married people
I was never worried about metadata protections when I was a journalist, says Tony Abbott
LeBron James Catches Media Members Taking Semi-Nude Photos of Him in Locker Room
Natarsha Belling's 'penis-jacket' was actually a Nine News exclusive
Waiters No More: Unemployed Actors Now Drive Ubers
'Smelly poo' forces plane to land
Secret Service asks for $8 million White House replica
Support For Yahoo Email
Man spray paints face BLACK in terrible attempt to disguise himself from police
Company Claims Their Flying Car Will Hit Markets In Two Years
The pictures more confusing than #TheDress! These two images are the SAME (but appear as light pink or purple when placed in front of different backgrounds)
White House Celebrates National Freedom Of Information Day By Making Office Of The Administration Completely UnFOIA-able
Woman refuses to help teenager she hit with car, saying the blood would upset her children
Kanye West to receive honorary doctorate from Art Institute of Chicago
We can't believe we have to explain this: Diabetes can't be cured with cinnamon rolls
Burger King Unveils "Flame-Grilled" Fragrance In Japan
GREEDY PASTOR BEGS 200,000 CHURCH MEMBERS TO DONATE $300 EACH SO HE CAN BUY A PRIVATE JET
Lesbian sex, necrophilia, bestiality not criminal but anal sex in marriage outlawed
Kanye West To Receive an Honorary Doctorate from SAIC - School of the Art Institute of Chicago
Solar eclipse will be the beginning of the end of the world, say Christian pastors
Texting woman walks into path of a train.
Suspect Spray Paints His Face Black To Escape Cops
Egyptian woman who disguised herself as a man for 43 years in order to make a living was honored Tuesday by the government as the "ideal mother"
Nevada lawmaker wants medical marijuana for pets
Starbucks Wants Employees To Start Conversations About Race With Customers
Trump launching presidential exploratory committee
Ashley Judd pressing charges against twitter trolls
Cop Kills Man First Day Back From Leave For Other Shooting
Kenosha officer kills man upon return from leave for other shooting
How China is Losing a Decade-Long Battle to Exterminate Gerbils
Necklaces, Rings, Bracelets, Anklets and Leg Warmers for women
Hundreds of potentially lethal metal balls were stolen during a raid on an industrial firm by bungling burglars
Wisconsin police officer kills suspect on day he returns from leave for shooting another
Sex toy thief 'accidentally' stole Rampant Rabbit vibrator from Ann Summers store
Wisconsin police officer kills suspect on first day back after previous shooting
Windows 10 will be free for software pirates
Donald Trump forms presidential exploratory committee
Lawmaker calls for a rebellion against EPA pollution emissions for backyard barbecues
Controversial pastor who owns two Rolls-Royces pleads for 200,000 church supporters to donate '$300 or more' EACH so that he can buy a $65M private jet 'to better spread the gospel of Jesus Christ'
Cows to get the Indian equivalent of an SSN
Perth Amboy man reveals his sexual relationship with a dolphin
Mitt Romney will box Evander Holyfield for charity. God bless America.
Mother stands by 11-year-old son's 'Fifty Shades of Grey' costume
Google chairman gets called out for cutting off a woman while talking about diversity
Mitt Romney's new opponent is Evander Holyfield
American professor arrested following mid-flight foreign policy rant
ISIS commander mocked... for looking like a doner kebab: Ruthless Islamist ridiculed by locals in Syria because his camouflage makes him look like greasy snack
IS general looks like shawarma
Where's my suitcase of frozen moose meat?
Starbucks wants its baristas to talk about race in America
Cincinnati mom beheads 3-month-old baby daughter: report
What is iboga? Psychedelic drug Scott Disick will take at rehab isn't cure-all for addiction, say experts
Bert and Ernie Gay Marriage Cake Row 'Could Force Muslims to Print Mohammed Cartoons'
Jimmy Kimmel reveals he underwent two penis surgeries
Coffee Consumption by Infants, Toddlers Not Uncommon In Boston
"Yeti" Just a Himalayan Bear? Latest analysis suggests the yeti is a known bear species, not the new, hybrid species suggested by a previous study.
Man calls OPP to report himself as a drunk driver - and is arrested
C-List Celebrities Won't Help Netanyahu in the Israeli Elections
NFL doctor: CTE 'rare,' football safe
Poll: Rodgers, cheese popular in Wisconsin
300,000 People in Oregon (Who Weren't Bothering Anyone) Were Just Forced Onto the Voter Rolls. Is it getting too easy to vote?
Man gets 6 to 10 years for cuffing boy with dead chicken
Nevada bill would allow sick pets to use medical marijuana
North Carolina man gets 6 to 10 years in prison for handcuffing boy with dead chicken on neck
Lawmaker resigns after Instagramming his suspicious spending
Homeless At Saint Mary's Cathedral Intentionally Drenched With Water While Sleeping
Do You Tell a Friend His Daughter Is Sexually Active?
Nicolas Cage's Pyramid Tomb: The Actor's Eccentric Burial Plans
Jesus hangs up on Hampton basketball coach when asked about beating Kentucky Wildcats in NCAA Tournament
Coca-Cola pays health experts to suggest soda as a healthy snack
This 1891 patent should end the over or under toilet paper debate
San Francisco Catholic church installs watering system to drench homeless people as they sleep
Kodak makes a smartphone
Older Really Can Mean Wiser
EPA Wants to Monitor How Long Hotel Guests Spend in the Shower
IT Worker Replaced by Foreign National Regrets Voting for Obama
India's Modi Says His Fashion Sense Is a Gift from God
The mayor of Lima is getting compared to the Islamic State for painting over murals
Elves make com­pro­mise with Road Ad­min­is­tra­tion
Man Full Of Regret After Homemade Tattoo Goes Terribly Wrong
Self-Loathing Irish-American Observes St. Patrick's Day by Loathing Self, Other Irish-Americans
NC man gets 6 to 10 years for cuffing boy with dead chicken
Poop-Mailer's Letter to White House Tests Positive for Cyanide
Mall of America Security Catfished Black Lives Matter Activists
Mall of America Security Catfished Black Lives Matter Activists, Documents Show
Pope Francis Says Dogs Go to Heaven, Fails to Mention the Bible Hates Dogs
Father Dick Rodgers in sex abuse probe
Lawmaker reads sex-y book during House debate
Japan is Getting Burger King-Scented Perfume
Lottery loser plans to keep losing at lottery
Hampton coach calls Jesus after win, Jesus hangs up on him
'Lower your seed': How an Oregon vasectomy clinic created an improbable March Madness tradition
White students barred from meeting about "racialization"
Texas couple's piñata store demolished for SXSW tech party parking
Party at site of demolished piñata store canceled
Neil deGrasse Tyson's late night TV show will premiere on 4/20
Missouri House initially approves banning plastic bag bans
Salon Crimea's Poklonskaya: Putting The 'Cute' in 'Prosecute'
The President of France calls for the removal of Charlie Hebdo's front page "Indecent and shocking "
Cement truck topples over in, bystander scoops cement into pothole
This 124-Year-Old Patent Reveals The Right Way To Use Toilet Paper
Secret Service wants $8m for a fake White House
Breastfed Kids May Wind Up With More Money, Higher IQs
Crimea's Poklonskaya: Putting The 'Cute' in 'Prosecute'
woman finds cockroach in her noodles, but bug shop owner reckons eating insects is great.
African American woman faces jail in California over 'lynching' charge
IMF Considers Greece Its Most Unhelpful Client Ever
Nevada bill would let sick pets use medical marijuana
Microsoft tackles China piracy with free upgrade to Windows 10
'Buffy' star arrested with toothpaste on face, wet pants
New Britain Rock Cats to Become Hartford Yard Goats
Man behind anti-Kanye West petition admits he has never been to Glastonbury before
Police called to two-hour fight after brother kills Grand Theft Auto character
Guy's Girlfriend And Ex-Girlfriend Jump In River To See Who He'd Save.
Cement truck topples over in W'burg, bystander scoops cement into pothole
Rhode Island governor defends 2nd-home 'Taylor Swift tax'
The Power of the Dark Side: Gun-wielding 'Darth Vader' robs bank
Re-creating movie scenes with dead mice: 6th grader on taxidermy hobby
African immigrant asks strangers to translate racist comments directed at him
Test of love: Man's girlfriend and ex-partner jump into river to see who he'll rescue
This ugly baby pelican will grow up to be ... still sort of ugly but in a cool, hip way
Man calls cops to report himself for drunk driving
James Franco Explains Why He Likes It When People Think He's Gay
A school trip to a Liverpool jail that was meant to teach children how to avoid a life of crime ended with one of them in court on an assault charge.
Donald Trump Will Save America From Boring Grownup GOP Primary
Member of Penn State's Kappa Delta Rho Defends Fraternity
Robert Durst always ordered the same meal at a bakery in Houston - a ham sandwich with no ham.
The straight James Franco talks to the gay James Franco
Health Ministry apologizes for describing anglos as 'special needs Quebecers'
EPA Wants To Monitor Hotel Guests While They Are In The Shower
Woman Leaves Rude Note Over Handicapped Parking Spot
TJ Maxx forced to pull T-shirt that 'promotes suicide and racism'
House Republicans Just Let The Cat Out Of The Bag
Donald Trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run
PlayStation's new TV service doesn't work on PlayStation TV
ISIS Commander Ridiculed Online For Looking Like A Kebab
Harry Reid thanks Rand Paul for help with eye injury
Obama Calls For Mandatory Voting in U.S.
Key Game Of Thrones Character Shocked To Learn They Die This Season
Man 'put genitals through friend's letterbox'
Can you pass the written police officer exam?
Neo-Nazi dad demands child services hand back his baby girl named Eva Braun - or he'll just keep having more babies
Prediksi Dinamo Moscow vs Napoli 20 Maret 2015
Inmate who fled across boarder on snowmobile to be returned to Minnesota
Nazi parents of Adolf Hitler Campbell, JoyceLynn Aryan Nation and Honszlynn Hinler Jeanne will not be getting their kids back.
Romanian anti-corruption chief arrested on corruption charges
Virtual reality used to keep kids away from drugs
Tony Blair says democracy isn't everything amid claims he is to step down as Middle East envoy
Inmate who fled across border on snowmobile to be returned to Minnesota
Teen Motherhood has decreased by 30% since the original MTV series '16 and Pregnant' aired in 2009. Teenage girls are still looking for more information on how to prevent pregnancy.
High School students stood down after attack on gang member
SCHOOL OFFICIAL CAUGHT ON CAMERA SAYING: 'I DON'T LIKE BLACK KIDS'
Mexico Offered Sony $20M in Tax Breaks for List of Demands, Including No Mexican Villain
The Next Sharknado Will Seriously Be Named Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No!
Man's girlfriend and ex-partner jump into river to see who he'll rescue
Cop Who Took No Sick Days in 42 Years Dies Weeks Before Retiring
Jed York: 49ers got away from "core strengths" under Jim Harbaugh [en route to 3 straight NFC Championship games]
Firefighters take selfie as 17 die in fire
Austin businesses slapped with mysterious stickers: 'Exclusively for white people'
The President of France calls for the removal of Charlie Hebdo's front page
White County district judge injured in zebra attack
Police: Stranger stabs, 'removes' baby from pregnant woman in Longmont
San Francisco cathedral will stop dousing sleeping homeless people with water
The man trying to ban Kanye West at Glastonbury
Tony Abbott Continues To Troll Us All, Eats Another Fucking Raw Onion
People Who Use Firefox or Chrome Are Better Employees
Thief Makes Himself a Cocktail Before Stealing Laptops, Police Say
Arabic version of Pledge of Allegiance at Pine Bush High School ignites furor
'I just got shot' man posts after Mesa shooting
Man meets 13-year-old boy for sex via Grindr, is prosecuted, sues Grindr for negligence.
The AP confused 'Jinx' murder suspect Robert Durst with Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst
vệ sinh văn phòng
SAN FRANCISCO'S ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL TO REMOVE SPRINKLERS THAT DRENCHED HOMELESS
Minnesota Teen Dies From Eating Pancakes
Sikh senior injured spine during trip to canada needs money to cover medical costs.
Frat allegedly posted photographs of nude, unconscious women to Facebook. Member says it was "satire"
Mesa shooting victim takes a bullet, then a selfie
Politicians are good liars 'because they convince themselves they are telling the truth', study reveals
No Charges For Operator Of Drone That Crashed At White House
Member of Penn State frat under fire for secret Facebook groups says posting nude pictures was just satire
Buccaneers would trade Doug Martin for Adrian Peterson
Man Drinks 60 Beers & PEES His Way Out Of Avalanche
People Could Get To The Hospital Faster In Ubers Instead Of Ambulances
Naked man claiming to be sasquatch attacks hunter
Watch: A Visibly Embarrassed Rick Santorum is Screamed at by Obama Hater
fifa 15 coins aud
The fart that stopped a nation: Bachelor contestant passes wind on first date
Dallas police shoot unarmed, mentally-ill man holding screwdriver. Lawyer says screwdriver could have been used as a deadly weapon with one blow, officers feared for life.
California Man Painted Himself Black to Evade Cops - It Didn't Work
Kangaroo drowns family dog in Queensland dam
Davanagere to Bangalore bus tickets booking
Warlord to return abducted child soldiers to sit exams
Longmont police: Woman stabbed, removed baby from victim's womb
Alleppey to Bangalore bus tickets booking
Canada's Largest Food Retailer To Sell Ugly Produce At Low Prices To Cut Food Waste
California Man Allegedly Spray Paints Face Black to Escape Police
Two Sought in Illegal Dallas Butt Injections: PD
Nude jogger raises eyebrows in north-end Montreal
Serbians Told: Don't Throw Grenades in the Trash
Iowa Lawmaker Reads 'Sex After Sixty' During Debate
Guy creates GoFundMe to join girlfriend on spring break so she won't cheat
Glenn Beck: "I am not a Republican"
Salvation Army turns 'the dress' into ad for domestic violence
Pregnant woman shopping Craigslist for baby clothes is attacked, fetus cut from womb
The President of France asks for the removal of Charlie Hebdo front page
Two Sought in Illegal Butt Injections Using Super Glue
Woman Fights Back After Getting Rude, Threatening Letter Over Handicapped Parking Spot
Chinese man kills himself after girlfriend won't stop shopping
Placenta smoothie-maker in Swindon investigated
Medical Clearance Required for Taking Notes About "Climate Change"
Luxury Bus is here to disrupt your S.F. commute
Sock fetish man suffocates after Coventry doctor gave him drugs
Spoiler: Iron Man Hulkbuster v/s Hulk fight in 'Avengers 2' Explained
Neighbour used loud singing and chanting as psychological tools to torture'
The CIA Didn't Mean to Give $1 Million to Al Qaeda
CFB Halifax commander says 'we surrender' to Nova Scotia winter
'Kant Is an Idiot' Spray-Painted on Philosopher's Russian Home
Pregnant woman's baby cut from womb when she answers Craigslist ad
Austin mayor outraged by 'white people only' stickers posted on businesses
The Explorers Club is Helping the Crown Prince of Bhutan Search for a Yeti
RALEIGH OFFICIALS: YOUR TOILET IS NOT A WASTEBASKET
Boy is no longer autistic thanks to a dairy and gluten free organic diet
"I chose Rong" Man's girlfriend and ex-partner jump into river to see who he will rescue
Police: Pregnant woman's baby cut from womb when she answers Craigslist ad
Amritsar Cabs, Car Rental in Amritsar, Travel Agency in Amritsar
After nun rape, India cardinal says protect humans, not just cows
The real target of Taber's new law: Mennonites?
Upper caste men 'urinate' in dalit youth's mouth in Tamil Nadu
Lobbyist sues to regain big pension he got from 1 day as substitute teacher
UPDATE: Ukraine posts video of Russian troops captured fighting in east Ukraine
[Australian] Prime Minister Tony Abbott eats another raw onion
Dispute between Napa vintner and investor ends in murder-suicide
Russians use spades and shovels to pass pancakes out in viral video
Police: Suspect spray - paints face to avoid arrest
Man tasked with tackling antisocial behaviour fined for antisocial behaviour
Governor's office tells librarians to 'shhh'
Plane Forced to Make Emergency Landing After Hitting Deer
Kim Jong-un to attend Victory Day parade in Moscow, Kremlin says
Russian woman's quest to get pregnant goes viral, but Canadian with same name gets replies
Pregnant Woman's Baby Cut From Womb After Answering Craigslist Ad
Ecommerce platform in India
Woman charging £20 for human placenta smoothies investigated by health officials
Isis commander is being mocked because he looks like a kebab.
Terrorist Commander of ISIS Looks Like a Shawarma Kebab.
Users lash out at Reddit boss for 'deleting' posts on hubby's lawsuit
French pensioner arrested trying to smuggle his young Russian bride home in a suitcase - before learning she was free to travel anywhere in the EU
Chain saw-wielding brawlers clash in Big Sandy.
Do you want Australia's megarich to be kidnapped? Do you? Then let them hide their tax | First Dog on the Moon | Comment is free
Pregnant Woman's Fetus Cut From Womb After She Answers Craigslist Ad for Baby Clothes: Police
Austin, Texas, Businesses Angry Over 'Exclusively for White People' Stickers
Suspect accused of slashing pregnant woman in stomach, stealing unborn baby
Joyful white guys finish ahead of struggling woman and black man in this university's catalog
Frenchman caught smuggling Russian wife in suitcase
Khloe Kardashian pushes her abs to the limit
The Pirate Party is now measured as the biggest political party in Iceland
Broward teacher accused of calling her student 'raghead Taliban' gets 5-day suspension
Cops: Woman stabs preganant mom, remo es fetus
£3 in coins stolen from car in Stourport
Grownups Pay Big Bucks to Attend NYC 'Adult Preschool'
Woman accused of assaulting man with her breasts outside gas...
Dallas police: Two wanted for illegal butt injections
Mr. T Lands Home Improvement Show 'I Pity the Tool'
SF Archdiocese Apologizes For Water System To Repel Homeless At Saint Mary's Cathedral
Insane Lady at Rick Santorum Event: Obama Tried to Nuke Charleston
Shot guy takes snapchat selfie
Man Caught Trying to Smuggle His Wife in a Suitcase
Spoiler: Iron Man v/s Hulk fight in 'Avengers 2' Explained
'Didn't know they watch Fox in Russia': Defiant 'kill Russians' US ex-general insists he told 'truth'
Toronto woman ecstatic after hit in face by microphone at Maroon 5 show
I spent 4 years of my life at the wrong college thanks to Michael Jordan
Firefighters rescue teen stuck in baby swing
Comedian Booted from San Francisco Cafe for Reading Book in "Laptops Only" Section
Inside the mesmerizing mermaid movement
Catholic Cathedral Installed Water System That Drenches Homeless People to Keep Them Away
Chain saw-wielding brawlers clash in small Montana town
GOP Senator: Net Neutrality 'Jeopardizes' Open Internet
Daughter of Two Moms Comes Out Against Gay Marriage
Florida Suspends Employee for Saying 'Climate Change,' Orders Psych Evaluation Before He Can Return to Work
San Francisco Saint Mary's Cathedral Drenches Homeless With Water To Keep Them Away
Florida Orders Mental Exam for Worker Who Pushed Climate Change Agenda
Student forced to perform controversial hazing act
Woman Says Obama Tried To Nuke America, Santorum Offended She Suggested He's Still In Congress
A new Slender Man movie trailer here...
NH lawmakers brutally kill 4th graders' bill in front of them
104-year-old woman shares her secret: 3 cans of Dr. Pepper a day
Contaminated banknotes caused bus driver to test positive for cocaine
White Castle closes 24 hours after opening because of too much demand
NH lawmakers brutally kill 4th-graders' bill in front of them | NH1
Craigslist attack: Unborn child taken from pregnant woman.
Top violator of women's rights around the world? It's Israel says UN
Man errantly invited to bachelor party is told: Come anyway
What's in a name? Fuck proud of his
'Pungent' toilet smell forces British Airways flight to turn around
Woman raised by lesbian moms comes out against gay marriage
Almost 60,000 People Sign Petition Asking Glastonbury to Cancel Kanye West Performance
Hillary Clinton Says to Fix The 'Fun-Deficit' in America, 'We Really Need Camps for Adults'
Las Vegas' First White Castle Closes After 24 Hours
These Indian parents climbed a school wall to help their kids cheat on an exam
Man tells police showing pictures of his penis to Meijer employees 'Cheers me up'
Manchester United midfielder Andreas Pereira 'offered student £10,000 for a threesome' with him and team-mate Paddy McNair
Union lobbyist who worked one day as a teacher suing Illinois for $30,000 pension
Botched Ritual Circumcision Leads To World's First Penile Transplant
Life isn't easy for a basketball player named Fuck.
Ikea bans hide and seek games in Netherlands stores
Richard Hammond accidentally kills friend's peacock on hunting trip
Naked man in NC doorway not breaking any laws
At the Flick of a Switch - Press Releases (official House Judiciary Committee Press Release)
New Hampshire Legislators Kill Fourth Graders' Bill, Dreams In Front of Them
Man killed over spilled coffee
What's in a name? Fuck proud of his (original link removed/blocked)
In City With First Fast-Food Ban, People Are Getting More Obese
Manchester United youngster Andreas Pereira 'offered student £10,000 for threesome with him and Paddy McNair'
Distracted Iowa Lawmakers Caught Reading Books About Sex, Watching Netflix During Education Debate In State Legislature
Cheating in India reaches new heights. These Indian parents climbed a school wall to help their kids cheat on an exam
A bus that runs entirely on human faeces(poop)
Dallas police investigate death linked to buttocks-injections scheme
Pregnant Woman Stabbed and Had Fetus Removed from Body After Answering Craiglist Ad for Baby Clothes
Thank you Congress for explaining immigration policy so that even a millenial like me can understand.
Watch A Weeks' Worth of Senator Ted Cruz Denying Climate Change
Iowa Republican Caught Reading "Sex After Sixty" During House Session
Missing African-American man found hanging from tree in Mississippi
Is The Yakuza Behind Caroline Kennedy Death Threats?
B.C.'s local auditor general disappointed over review of her own productivity
Philosopher Kant attacked by Russian graffiti artist
Norwegian Holiday Home For Sale For Just 5p!
Colorado woman accused of cutting fetus from stranger held on $2 million bond
The Trickiest Part of a Penis Transplant? Finding a Donor
Rally Driver Admits He Has No Idea What Co-Driver is Talking About (credit to /u/Chapati_Monster for the link)
w Hampshire 4th-graders wrote a cute bill, then watched as lawmakers mocked and killed it
New Hampshire 4th-graders wrote a cute bill, then watched as lawmakers mocked and killed it
Newfoundland: The most Irish island in the world
Bolivian Minister Says Traitors to Socialist Party "Should Be Shot"
Jeremy Clarkson immortalised with Hungry Hippos heads
Dr. Pepper The Doctor Of Choice For A 104-Year-Old Woman
Australian man's dream was to go to UNC, but he went to wrong school for four years
Sale of 'Magnum P.I.' home may be tied to President Obama
California proposal to legalize killing gays hard to stop
Hillary Clinton: Put Adults In Camps To Fix America's 'Fun Deficit'
Mexican mayor in hot water for lifting girl's skirt up on stage in front of 50,000 during his own birthday party... and then apologising to all the women who complained by sending them IRONS
New Orleans man shoots friend for bringing wrong beer
Suspect Drives Stolen Vehicle to Washington State Patrol Office
"Jerry Springer" producer arrested in sister's death
[xpost /r/FloridaMan] Man arrested for hitting his wife over an argument about his past domestic abuse charges.
'Smelly poo in the toilet' forces plane back to Heathrow Airport
Photos appear to show parents climbing school's wall to help students ceat on exams in India
House of Representatives Judiciary Committee Press Release
S Korea legalizes adultery, condom shares soar
T.J. Maxx removes noose T-shirt
Mayor slammed for lifting woman's skirt in public function
NFL will begin drug testing on 4/20
Photos appear to show parents climbing school's wall to help students cheat on exams in India
New Brunswick town believed to be the first place the F-word was used in North America
NFL Union Reminds Players Drug Testing Starts On 4/20
Players warned of NFL's drug testing period that begins on 4/20
Open cheating: Parents 'help' wards in Bihar board exams
At the Flick of a Switch - Press Releases - Judiciary Committee
NFLPA reminds players NFL's annual drug testing begins on 4/20
NFLPA reminds players they can be drug-tested starting on 4/20
Phoenix Zoo Discovers 2 Year Old Bear Is Female, Not Male
Cops seize 'large number of condoms' at N.J. spa busted for prostitution
OMG! The fart that stopped a nation
Facebook's War on Santa Claus (a true story)
Upstate N.Y. School Apologizes For Reciting Pledge Of Allegiance In Arabic
Woman, 37, Killed by Flying Plywood in NYC
Sex Work to Receive Special Session at Geography Conference
Florida Orders Mental Exam for State Employee Who Refused to Scrub the Words "Climate Change" From a Transcript of a Department Meeting about Climate Change
Restaurant sign featuring bull's extra-large genitalia sparks outrage, city petition
Fourth graders watch their bill get killed by New Hampshire legislators
Elkton local hits small screen as 'House of Cards' extra
Jeremy Dugas Tried To Sell Duct-Taped Iguanas Dangling From Bicycle
Stranger gets an accidental invite to a Philly bachelor party, but he's still flying in from Seattle!
White man painted himself black to evade US police in worst idea ever
Accused Shoplifter Turns into Spider-Man for Escape
More men getting vasectomies so they can watch NCAA tourney
58 drivers to be ticketed following investigation of 193 car pile-up on I-94
'Sydneys Voluptuous Buttocks' Has Filed To Run For President
Oakland officer arrested on charges of promoting sexual performance of a child
Justmyluck falls in hole and dies
Burglars busted after butt-dialing 911
Jeb Bush just hung out with Ludacris
Job applicants wary of Air India; no one turns up for interviews
We Measured Our Employees' Penises To See If We Were Bigger Than The Rest Of The World
Sleeping Czech tourist survives polar bear attack on remote Arctic island
Harrison Ford to Narrate National Geographic Aviation Documentary
NH lawmaker bring abortion into debate over 4th-graders' State Raptor bill
NH lawmaker bring abortion into debate over 4th-graders' bill.
Parents and friends of students climb school walls to help the students cheat on their exams
Parental Guidance, Bihar Style. Parents Help Class 10 Students in Large-Scale Cheating
China officials quit after tiger leaps from Qingdao apartment
Burger King To Release Whopper-Scented Perfume
Coulter on 2016 GOP Field: "I Hate Them All Except for Scott Walker"
Smell like a Whopper with Burger King's new fragrance
New Dating Show about Tinder dates gone wrong
NH Legislator shoots down 4th grade class proposal to make red-tailed hawk the state raptor; compares bird to Planed Parenthood
Student group demands California university rename building after convicted cop killer
Scientology founder's Phx home declared historic
New Minnesota Bill Aims To Make Jerking Off Into Someone's Coffee Illegal
Search called off for missing wallaby
Splash Palace pool pooper strikes again
Did they also find a Drug Mule?
Obama To Prince Charles: We'll Never Be Royals
French Modeling Agencies Could Face Jail Time If They Hire Models With A BMI Of Less Than 18
Tortoise pursues man in 'slowest chase ever'
Mystery pooper strikes pool complex for sixth week in a row
Belgian Foreign Minister Dons Blackface for Charity Parade
Feared Afghan warlord denies being a crybaby
My life with the surname F***
Mystery pooper back in action
Seattle man gets invited to stranger's East Coast bachelor party by mistake, but he's still going
My life with the surname Fuck.
Army investigating unit that allegedly allowed use of slurs on 'Racial Thursdays'
White Students Barred From University's Anti-Racism Group Meeting
Serial pool pooper strikes again
A Finnish man created this simple email account - and received Microsoft's security certificate
Florida employee forced to get mental help for using phrase 'climate change'
Firefighters facing the sack in Russia for taking a selfie with burning shopping mall in the background where 17 burned to death
Florida employee 'punished for using phrase climate change'
$1,000 reward for missing moose head at Lake Tahoe
Firefighters facing the sack for taking selfie in front of burning building
Waiter uses Craigslist to find ladies who stiffed him
Alien's eviscerated Bishop makes a great conversation starter for £2k
New Hampshire 4th-graders' bill to name state raptor provokes lawmaker's anti-abortion comment
Canadian man arrested for drunk driving after pulling over and reporting himself.
Whoa, If True: Obama's Secret Plan to Nuke Charleston, South Carolina
Ahmed Mekky - Atr El Hayah / أحمد مكي - قطر الحياة
Police called to a woman alleging she had been kidnapped by Mary Berry
Burger King Perfume Coming to Japan. Apparently.
Student Is Forced to "Eat a Pickle out of another Students Bottom" as Hazing
Man pleads guilty to pickaxe attack over Facebook quarrel
Man, 27, acquitted of raping 13-year-old girl in Sweden because she looked 'well-developed'
Explorer Interrupts Mating Tortoises, Slowest Chase Ever Ensues
Burger King to sell "flame-grilled" perfume
US woman raised by lesbian couple comes out against same-sex marriage
Purrmance! Cat and Bro contest seeks most 'purrmantic' story
Russians in war zone do not like questions
Court allows Comic Sans font in documents
Burger King has cologne for hamburger lovers in Japan
Man kidnapped twice in one week
House Republicans release a gif-heavy Buzzfeed style press release on immigration reform.
Suspicious odor from rotting fruit, not meth.
London primary school pupils 'banned from looking at eclipse for religious reasons'
Men Now Scheduling Vasectomies As Excuse to Stay Home and Watch March Madness
Teachers forced 6-year-olds to fight at school
GOP Reps: Chipotle Gets To Pick Its Meat, So We Get To Discriminate Against Gays
Halifax airport offering up shovels to people arriving home from down south vacations
Mass Cheating: Parents Climb School Wall To Pass Chits To Class 10 Students In Bihar
New Hampshire 4th Graders Bill Proposal Provokes Abortion Comments by Legislator
Huge Fire Breaks Out at Fire Extinguisher Factory in Archer Heights
A House committee just came closer than ever to mass deportation. It's celebrating with...GIFs?
Man phones 911 and reports himself for drunk driving: 'I've never heard of anybody doing this before,' police say
Baltimore Ravens Offensive Lineman John Urschel Publishes Paper In Math Journal
Firefighters fighting fire in fire extinguisher warehouse.
Prosecutors: 'Screech' offered unwanted Smirnoff Ice, then threatened to stab patron
Fire Extinguisher Factory Goes Up in Flames
Silicon Valley to millennials: Drop dead
Man sentenced for cuffing boy to porch with dead chicken around his neck
Kids Treated to Graphic Description of Abortion on Delightful Trip to State House
Fire destroys fire extinguisher factory
New Hampshire Republicans kill 4th graders' state mascot bill after unhinged Planned Parenthood rant
£1m of taxpayers' cash 'wasted' on failed scheme to produce caviar in Yorkshire
Smell like a Whopper: Burger King will sell cologne in Japan
Dallas Police talk child sex suspect off roof of Jack in the Box.
Elizabeth Sullivan, 104 Years Old, Credits Dr Pepper For Her Longevity
Half ton of radioactive maxi pads seized at Beirut airport
White Parents On Fox News Condemn School's Black History Month Event
California Raisins Set For Comeback In Live-Action/CG Feature
Fire destroys industrial building that housed maker of chemicals for extinguishers
Whopper Perfume Coming to Japan
NH Republicans deliver a rough message to 4th graders
Romney's next fight: Boxing Evander Holyfield
Fire Extinguisher Plant Becomes Scene Of Extra-Alarm Blaze
Men schedule vasectomies for March Madness pleasure
Donald Duck Explains Birth Control
Hertz puts cameras in its rental cars, says it has no plans to use them
43°Overcast Fire destroys building that housed maker of fire extinguishers
Marc by Marc Jacobs to be discontinued
Scrunchies saving wildlife from being killed by cats: study
Solar eclipse: huge power surge as disappointed Brits headed indoors for a cup of tea
"True Detective" Casts Porn Stars for Colossal Orgy Sequence
Greedo Fish Is A New Species Of Catfish; And Yes, It's Been Named After A 'Star Wars' Character
Registered sex offender hired as Easter Bunny
Smokeable Clothing Brings New Definition to High Fashion
Naked spring breaker attracts attention
Dustin Diamond threatened to stab a different man for refusing to chug bottle of Smirnoff Ice: prosecutors
Men arrested in library after threatening student over pizza
Hoax Alert: The Grandson of Sony's President Didn't Fry a Pistol
New Catfish Species Named After Greedo From Star Wars
Glitter Bomb Blows Up in Rockville Library
57 Percent of People Living in Los Angeles Can't Afford to Live in Los Angeles
Bread truck rolls over, hundreds of loaves toast
This is the U.S Judiciary Committee's website. So, US citizens only understand important topics told to us by buzzfeed. Oh and we will not see the lies because there are pretty talking pictures...
Woman Searching for Cat Reaches Under Her Bed, Finds Burglar
Burger King's Whopper-scented perfume could be too gross to be true
N.H. fourth-graders' hawk bill veers into abortion debate
Iowa politician caught reading 'Sex After Sixty' book during House debate
Screech allegedly threatened to stab man over refusing a Smirnoff Ice
'Took me 50 minutes to peel 10 potatoes... life can't go on like this': Ex-Morrisons security guard who threatened to 'bomb the UK' reveals his lonely life as an ISIS jihadi (and he can't even wash his own clothes)
Video shows officer punch man in the face after saving him
Cops too busy tasering black guy in front of bar called "Blind Pig" allow handcuffed white guy to escape
Man gets invited to stranger's bachelor party by mistake - but he's going anyways
UC Berkeley students want to rename a campus building after a notorious cop killer who was the first woman on the FBI's most wanted terrorists list
Wheelchair goes missing from Chocolate's house after some crack/cocaine use.
Republicans Try To Sell Border Security Bills With 'Little Mermaid,' Jennifer Lawrence GIFs
Missouri tackles the Affordable Cow Act
Alleged car thief drives stolen vehicle to Washington State Police headquarters
Matthew Gregory McLaughlin, California Lawyer, Proposes Ballot Measure Allowing Execution of Gays
California Lawyer Proposes Ballot Measure Allowing Execution of Gays
This is why I don't hang out at Chocolate's house
Tank delivers pro-Clarkson petition to BBC
Blaming porn for erectile dysfunction is like blaming food for an eating disorder, says researcher
Women turn to crowdfunding for adoption, in vitro fertilization
Baby born with stigmata of Jesus Christ attracts thousands of believers
Teen girls steal tip jar from Dairy Queen, then brag about it on Snapchat.
US Congress publishes press release made of copyright-violating animated GIFs
Rat raised to feed family's snakes fatally bit baby
Jeremy Clarkson protesters drove a tank to the BBC
NH 4th graders bill shot down when a red tailed hawk is compared to an abortion provider
Hamburg walls are coated with "splashback" paint to punish public peeing
Chocolate Experts Hate Mast Brothers
Fire extinguisher factory destroyed in massive blaze
US Pledge of Allegiance in Arabic leads school to apologise
India Exam Scandal: Hundreds Of Bihar Students Expelled Amid Unusual Cheating Practices, Including Wall-Climbing Parents With Answer Sheets
Mother Wants Answers After Police Officers Drive Daughters To School
State Representative Proclaims His Status as a Former Fetus
Man arrested after 'beating up woman who refused to have sex with him after he bought her a McDonald's breakfast'
Black man found hanging from tree in Mississippi: Was it suicide or lynching?
600 Students Expelled for Cheating on School Exams in India
Personal trainer killed by train making YouTube video
Dog takes 20-mile bus ride alone in Houston
New Study Shows: Consuming Alcohol Makes You More Attractive
Hoop skirts banned at UGA following Oklahoma frat video
New Hampshire fourth-graders' hawk bill provokes abortion comment
New Ballot Initiative Would Create California 'Porn Czar'
Pupils at London primary school banned from looking at solar eclipse for 'religious reasons'
Rick Santorum: "The Smart People Will Never Be On Our Side"
Life Ain't Easy For A Basketball Player Named Fuck
Skier Hit by Airplane in the French Alps
Irishman returns $400 of offensive Irish t-shirts to Walmart after St. Patrick's Day
California AG May Be Forced To Put Up With Extremist's 'Kill All Gays' Drive
'Shoot the gays' initiative likely to be circulated - Politics Blog
UN negotiations menaced by THOUSANDS of TOPLESS LADIES with MAYONNAISE
Gabe Newell Discusses Possibility of Half-Life 3
Michael Phelps Loves To Get Pissed On While Wearing Lady Panties, So Says A Craigslist Dominatrix
Donate blood, get a free copy of Bloodborne in Denmark
Nu-Lads and hipsters in Brighton beach battle
California's attorney general has no choice but to write crazy 'shoot the sodomites' initiative
Calif. AG may have no choice but to allow 'shoot the gays' proposal to go forward
PDX Carpet to lead the annual Starlight Parade
Fox Guest Suggests Reciting Pledge Of Allegiance In Arabic Will Encourage "Muslim Youth" To Join ISIS
Parents: Teens have secret texting language
Attorney Vincent Fazzone Drops 2-Ounce Bag Of Pot In Courtroom
Meth dealing transvestite priest who owned a sex shop asks for leniency
New Hampshire State Reps Laugh At Kids Who Introduced Bill To Change State Bird Because Abortion
Mexican mayor slammed for lifting woman's skirt at £650,000 party - and apologises by sending women irons
Turkish president: Obamacare was my idea
US school sorry for Arabic pledge
Today's Solar Eclipse is the Northern Hemisphere answer to Thailand's full moon party.
Some 600 Indian high schoolers expelled for cheating as parents scale walls to give answers
When New York Kids Help Find the Family Home
Pregnant Lady Caught With 89 Bags of Heroin in Her Vagina
Walmart Thief escapes via ceiling
California May Vote Next Year On Putting Gays 'To Death By Bullets To The Head'
Cops: Remains in wood stove may be Food Network star
Omar Borkan Al Gala: Is this one of the three men who are 'too sexy' for Saudi Arabia?
Schools using out-of-school suspension drug policy show increased likelihood of marijuana use
Pole Dancing Mom Beautifully Incorporates Baby In Routine
PDX carpet named Grand Marshal of Starlight Parade
Mitt Romney: 'Never read the comments'
PDX Carpet will roll as Starlight Parade's grand marshal
Indian parents scale school wall to help students cheat on exams
Prosecutors say Safe Passage worker shot girl outside Chicago school
Boy wakes from coma addicted to cheese and unable to stop swearing
Bomb-Sniffing Elephant Experiments Funded By The US Military
Mother used one-year-old baby as weapon in Alice Springs street fight
Man who smeared feces on his face in court granted sanity evaluation
Israel only nation condemned in UN for women's right violations
Feces delivered to 8 year old Woodland girl
Police impersonator who pulled over real cop gets probation
Belgian nuclear reactors riddled with 16,000 unexplained cracks
Lawyer Proposes Measure Allowing Execution of Gays
MOTHER, SON ARRESTED IN $100,000 TOOTHBRUSH THEFT RING
Machete-Wielding Man Shot at New Orleans Airport
Former rap mogul Suge Knight collapses in court during bail hearing after judge sets bail at $25million
Father jailed for taking daughter to math exam, tied to his bike
Floyd Mayweather is paying $4,000 per day for food
A 63-year-old man attacked Transportation Security Administration officers with wasp spray and a machete
Derek Jeter attends sumo match, does not get recognized
Big Bank's Analyst Worries That Iran Deal Could Depress Weapons Sales
Radiohead and Portishead Team Up as "Heads United" for Charity Soccer Game
Arkansas is Now the First State to Require That High Schools Teach Coding
Marcus Smart ejected for crotch punch on Matt "Bonner"
Bistro: The Smartest Cat Feeder. Ever.
Scientists are trying to figure out why you have an anus
Political correctness is making everyone pansies...
'Get your head out of your apps' says state patrol
THE FUNNY BEACH MALFUNCTION ALBUM OF 14 IMAGES
Funniest Beach fails 18 images
Archbishop's Mum reveals his Favourite Dish
Colorado girl tried to poison mom twice for taking iPhone: Police
Suspect in killing of Food Network finalist had remains in woodstove, police say
Islamic Scholars Promote Sharia as an Alternative to Extremism
Televangelist asks his congregation for $65M to buy a jet
New Hampshire lawmakers kill fourth-grader's bill to establish Red Tail Hawk as state raptor
12-year-old girl detained for trying to poison mother twice with bleach for taking iPhone away
Police: Teenagers steal human ashes thinking it's cocaine
College teacher beaten up for objecting to copying in exam
Alleged Mankato-area robbers butt dial 911, found hiding inside sheriff's gun range
Man Who Was Mistakenly Invited to Bachelor Party Going Anyway
Snoop Dogg is developing a family drama for HBO
Four drunk goats taken to hospital
John Urschel, Ravens Offensive Lineman, Publishes Math Paper (NPR)
John Urschel, Ravens Offensive Lineman, Publishes Math Paper
No claws for alarm: 30,000 pounds of lobsters survive Maine crash
South Boston parade organizer says gay group only got in because of a mistake
Male Fitness Model Doesn't Let Colostomy Bag Stop Him From His Dream
124-year-old patent solves the 'over versus under' toilet paper roll debate
Church posts sign saying Satan demanded equal rights first
North Korean ambassador claims country has nuclear missiles
Pregnant Woman Pepper-Sprayed, Child Choked at Preschool Graduation
'Teens Mistook Grandpa's Ashes For Cocaine'
Elton John's mum hired an Elton John impersonator for her birthday
Prison system erroneously calls victims, families saying inmates to be released
Pennsylvania Mall Unknowingly Hires Sex Offender as Easter Bunny
Wonder Woman Was Created by a Radical Feminist Bondage Fetishist Who Wanted a Matriarchal Utopia | VICE | United States
The Health Concerns in Wearable Tech: Could Wearable Computers be as Harmful as Cigarettes?
India arrests hundreds over Bihar school cheating
Rap mogul Marion 'Suge' Knight collapses in court after bail hearing
Ohio will only have to pay Ricky Jackson $5.92 for each hour he spent in prison. (39 Years)
Street artist Banksy found dead in moscow
Seized maxi pads 35 times more radioactive than limit
California lawyer proposes bill that would allow execution of homosexuals
Women are ordered to stop taking 'underboob selfies' in Thailand and threatened with five years in jail
Lebanese customs agents seize radioactive maxi pads
Man killed during fight over spilled coffee, report authorities
Fire Kills 50,000 Chickens at Chazy, New York Poultry Farm
Boulder County sheriff: Girl, 12, tried to kill mother for taking away iPhone
Family of faggot fans fly the flag
Rick S@#torum is running for President again
Woman trying to save French gingers from extinction
Chinese kids strap sparrows to fireworks to play Angry Birds
American-themed dances causes controversy in Lexington
Vital For Women: A Scientific Study Finds Links Between Good Sleep and Great Sex ...
(X-post from r/facepalm)Missouri Teen Burglars Mistake Human Ashes for Cocaine
Missouri Teen Burglars Mistake Human Ashes for Cocaine
Ferrero-Rocher Loving Jihadi Tweets About His Lonely Life
'Baby' voted best song of all time
Why the toronto sun isnt a reputable paper
Pharrell Willliams addresses UN on happiness
4th graders enjoy field trip/abortion jokes from NH lawmaker
'Death to America': Iran's Supreme Leader accuses the US of 'bullying'
Funny Wardrobe Malfunctions (04 of 12 image)
Drama lecturer stuns freshers with graphic video of her vagina
One of the Reason, why i miss college
Restaurant Sign Featuring Absurdly Well-Endowed Bull Offends Local Residents
Texas Judge: Robert Durst Left a Cat Head on My Doorstep
Trawler 'may have snagged submarine'
'Shoot the Gays' Measure May Make Ballot in California
Fight Over 4-Year-Old's Court-Ordered Circumcision Draws National Attention
Circumcision battle in court: Judge signs warrant for arrest of 4-year-old boy's mother
Survey: Some Fast Food Bosses Said Use Condiments As Medical Supplies
uhu! Funniest girls malfunctions gallery
Casa Bonita named Historical Landmark
High School Blood Gang Member Forces Teacher to Erase Blue Writing
Indian police arrest 100 for mass cheating at high school exams
12-year-old girl allegedly tried to poison her mother twice because she took away her iPhone
'Dicks By Mail' Offers Customers A Chance To Send Gummy Penis Candies To Unsuspecting Friends, Ex-Partners
Amazing Service Lets You Send Your Enemies a Bag of Delicious...
4th graders enjoy field trip/abortion jokes courtesy of NH lawmaker
Near-Record Lull in Severe Weather Could Come to an End Next Week
Patrick Lalime has no beef with the Hamburglar
Colorado girl tried to poison mom twice for taking iPhone
Republicans' new weapon against Obama's immigration plan: celebrity gifs
Stranger accidentally added to bachelor party email chain - and now he's going
Town & Country Neighbors to Hold Candlelight Vigil for Dead Deer
10-year-old unable to recite Quran made to do 170 pushups, lands in hospital
The breakout act at SXSW this year was ... Paul Krugman
Chinese traveller opens plane's emergency exit moments before take-off... because he thought the handle 'was like the handrail on a bus'
Dutch village Giethoorn wins place on new international Monopoly set
Mother uses baby in street fight as a weapon.
Teen cancer patient ordered to chemotherapy in remission
Gal Gadot Responds To Claims Her Boobs Are Too Small For Her To Play WONDER WOMAN
White supremacist shot by Calgary cops after disturbing peace rally
In College and Hiding From Scary Ideas
Strip clubs closing due to lack of demand across Canada, says industry insider
Mother uses baby as a weapon in a street fight.
Crazy homophobic California lawyer submits "Sodomite Suppression Act" bill. AG must by law send it to the Secretary of State. WTF?!
Gays would be 'put to death by bullets to the head' under proposed ballot initiative By law, the bill must pass by the Attorney General
Russia on 'near miss': Swedes high on pot
David Cameron reveals seagulls stole the ham from sandwich as clamp down is launched
Jeremy Dugas Tried To Sell Duct-Taped Iguanas Dangling From Bicycle: Cops
Man who slaps people if they sneeze in public being hunted by police
The story of beach girls malfunction (true image)
Maui, Australian drunken sailor behaving badly ends up awarded US medal
Two-year-old child reported to police for shoplifting in UK's youngest ever case
2-year-old girl reported in Cambridgeshire for shoplifting
Fearing IS, Afghan Shias seek help from Taliban
Beach girls album of wardrobe malfunctions
Thief leaves wiener dog and address at scene
Semi-Nomadic Sea Gypsies Boast Superhuman Underwater Vision
North Korea threatens to blow up balloons with DVDs of The Interview sent over border
Lifelong Labour voter Cheryl Fernandez-Versini: Mansion tax would 'f--- me over'
Gays would be 'put to death by bullets to the head' under proposed Calif. ballot initiative
Cops Raid Brothel and find Colleague with Murder Suspect
Anonymous member receives FBI investigation documents from a whistleblower that show that the CIA was responsible for the 2001 anthrax attacks, which was a a psyop to fuel public terror and build support for the Iraq War. He's subsequently arrested on child porn charges and tortured by the FBI.
Remains found in wood stove in cooking show finalist's death
Controversy surrounds Elk City mayoral candidate for dressing as a black woman
College Students create safe space to hide from "harmful viewpoints"
Taylor Swift Bought TaylorSwift.porn
Key West man tries to sell three duct-taped iguanas hanging from his bike
Hayes, Dekker, Kaminsky fascinated by NCAA stenographer
Underwear-Clad Burglars Stripped in Restaurant, Stole Meat
Beezin': Popular lip balm being used by teens to get high
Iowa House Member Reads Sex Book During Floor Debate
Ted Cruz Plans to Announce Monday he's Running for President.
Fire extinguisher factory burns for 30 minutes as firefighters could not find enough water
Small Regional Airline Realizes That Marketing Would Be a Good Idea
Is the New York Times trolling us with this article about a family that was pleasantly surprised that a 14 million dollar house their 13 year old found them was nice.
Knights Templar map out a plan to defeat growing Islamist threat ISIS
The Knights Templar Maps a Plan to Fight ISIS and Win
Mahatma Gandhi was country's first 'corporate agent': Arundhati Roy
Man Living In Micro Home Not Getting Laid
Serbs urged not to throw grenades in garbage cans
Gerrard on letting teammates, manager down: 'I have let my teammates and manager down today.'
Canadian-born man runs for US President
John McCain tells protesters at hearing: 'Get out of here, you lowlife scum'
Fraternity falls victim to religious hate crime
Ohio Cops Hunt Vile Serial Pooper
Como ganhar money enviando links
In defense of shop class: K. Scott Kutz (Opinion)
One of the reason why beach fails
Bike theft sting leads to arrest in stolen goat case
London Primary School Bans Children from Watching Solar Eclipse, cites 'Religious and Cultural' Concerns
London Primary School Bans Children from Watching Solar Eclipse, on 'Religious and Cultural' grounds
A ballot initiative in California calls for any person that participates in sodomy to "be put to death by bullets to the head."
A lawyer in California is pushing a ballot measure to legalize killing gay people
Meet Brent Ray Fraser, the Artist Who Uses His Dick As a Paintbrush [NSFW]
Meet Brent Ray Fraser, the Artist Who Uses His Dick As a Paintbrush
Annabel Crabb: Why I can't forget the way Tony Abbott ate that raw onion
Shoplifter escapes justice by climbing through Walmart ceiling
Man stung 100s of times in bee attack at Utah baseball game
Dad who forces son to make humbling apology after discovering he is a bully says 'swastika is symbol of his beliefs'
Man Interrupts Tortoise Sex, World's Slowest Chase Scene Ensues
Alleged 'Spider-Man' thief in Alabama Walmart escapes by climbing into ceiling, kicking his way out and running away
Police waits a professional soccer game to end to arrest a player suspect of heist. Player claims he is being confused with his twin brother (Portuguese)
Urban Outfitters Recalls Teacups Due to Fire Hazard
One of the Baltimore Ravens Just Published an Insanely Complex Study in a Math Journal
Egyptian Official Says Protester, Shaimaa el-Sabbagh, Died in Shooting Because She Was Too Thin
Bully teen gets ultimate punishment from no-nonsense dad
ISIS commander mocked online for 'shawarma' outfit
Ontario teen fed up with hassles about being named Isis
Reportedly dead former owner of Circle K Furniture stores jailed
Burglary 101: Don't Pocket-Dial 911 in the Act
Argentine archaeologists find secret Nazi lair in jungle
US State Dept spokesperson: State Department has a "long-standing" policy against backing coups
Netanyahu Blasts Obama and The Media for Taking His Stated Political Positions Seriously
Virus sceptic ordered to pay €100k to doctor who responded to challenge to 'prove measles is a virus'
A High School Where a Student Might Letter in Polo
Justin Bieber Sued Over Anti-Semitic Incident
Claws for alarm: Truck with 30,000 pounds of lobster crashes in Maine
Erica Simone's Flash Photography
Bronze Bust of Putin as Roman Emperor to be unveiled
Police raid brothel, find colleagues and the criminal they were supposed to transport
Naked Man Who Attacked Oregon Hunter while Pretending to Be Bigfoot Sentenced to 10 Years
Ted Cruz Website Says Support Barack Obama And Immigration Reform.
India police red-faced after raid on brothels finds colleagues
توبيكات مسن - خلفيات مسن - ماسنجـريات MSN 2015
Yale Is Building an Incredible Collection of VHS Tapes
New Hampshire lawmaker opposes fourth graders' bird bill with antiabortion rant
Classic NTH from this day 25 years ago: "'I'm President,' So No More Broccoli!"
Farm near Sherwood gets threats after putting piglet up for adoption on Facebook
Japan City Sets World Record For Most People Sitting in One Chair
Customs hid details of officer snorting cocaine after drug bust, documents show
Boston Yeti selling swag to benefit MSPCA's animals in need
Offensive odors are to be outlawed in San Luis Obispo
The Terrifying Future of NYC Includes Kids as Powerbrokers
Chandigarh Municipal Corporation removes Martyrs Day hoardings having photos US Army men, not Indian soldiers
Some childcare centres in Australia are sending kids home with their poo in labelled plastic bags
30,000 line up to play hide and seek at Ikea - but Ikea has other ideas
Convict killed entire family when they visited him in prison
Ex-Mexican cop kills family during prison visit: authorities
Rainbow lorikeets eating meat leaves bird experts astonished
Surrogate mothers 'like adultery' says Turkish religious body
Radioactive sanitary pads from China seized by authorities in Lebanon
New business sends rude lollies to enemies
Smell like a Whopper: Burger King will sell colonge in Japan
Microsoft gives up on charging for Windows in China
First ever Ukrainian Panic and Hysteria Festival shows humorous side of economic turmoil
Pay Off Your Credit Card Debt By Ratting on Software Pirates
Hot-tubbing horses: Water aerobics with a waiting list
Isis King, an Ontario teen being harassed over her birth name
Police: Father Shoots Son After Orange Juice Runs Out
Watch Pope Francis Get a Pizza in a Moving Popemobile
Star snake catcher Vava Suresh vows to stop profession unless reporters apologise
An all-out melee: One dead, two shot in 17-person battle in Walmart parking lot
Police chase Birmingham milk float through city streets
Shocked Barnsley man discovers £1.25million in his bank account - but doesn't spend it!
Economists agree: deflation is either good, or bad, or irrelevant
An Autistic Boy Finds His Gift and His IQ Is Higher than Einstein's
University Catalogue Cover Accidentally Becomes Perfect Metaphor for America
Louisiana Man on Trial for Murder Says He Thought the Victim Was an Alligator
NTO 25 years ago today: "'I'm President,' So No More Broccoli!"
Cross dressing thieves use wheelchair to assist in post office robbery
Drunk driver killed after being run over by own vehicle
Groom knocks bride out at mom's request: 'My mother told me to hit my wife after the wedding to control her'
'ISIS' tattoo costs Home Depot vendor his job
Picasso's electrician ordered to return 271 stolen paintings
Man Texts Himself a Picture of Himself Penetrating a 15 Year Old Girl - No Jail Time.
Burger King releases Whopper-scented perfume
10 Internet Jokes that Got People Arrested
Teens Steal What They Believe Is Cocaine And End Up Snorting Grandfather's Remains
Burger King to Sell Burger-Scented Fragrance
Moscow Strip Club Offers Discount for Pensioners
Ruins found in remote Argentinian jungle 'may be secret Nazi hideout'
Venice Beach Restaurant Owner Recovers After Homeless Man Bites Off Part Of His Finger
There's Not Much Actual Cocaine in British Cocaine
Registered sex offender hired as Easter Bunny at mall
Burglar Nabbed After Watching Movies on Victim's Netflix Account
In College and Hiding from Scary Ideas.(opinion piece based on news)
Putin to be 'immortalised' for 'bringing order and stopping wars' in Roman emperor-style bronze bust statue
Lack of orange juice leads Louisiana man to shoot son in buttocks
Gold in faeces 'is worth millions and could save the environment'
Disturbed Man Tries To Get Into White House
Fire extinguisher factory burns to the ground
Sao Paulo Will Fine Anyone $150 who Complains About Mothers Who Breastfeed in Public
Kim Kardashian: America's Sweetheart
The Cowboys Probably Would Not Sign a Player Who Supports ISIS
[stolen from WorldNews] Indian parents scale building to help kids cheat on exam
NFL considering Brazil to host 2017 Pro Bowl
I Played 'The Boys Are Back in Town' on a Bar Jukebox Until I Got Kicked Out
Father Shoots Son 'Over Lack Of Orange Juice'
Divers discover lost world of mythical beasts
Fire extinguisher factory burns down in Chicago
UNITED STATES v. APPROXIMATELY 64 695 POUNDS OF SHARK FINS
Russian Official Tells London to 'Have a Twix' and Rethink Crimea
Special Report: When it comes to e-cigs, Big Tobacco is concerned for your health
Slipknot guitarist charged with disorderly conduct after being stabbed in the head by his brother
India fights growing monkey problem by deploying larger monkeys
Couple found driving indecently in Goa
Cuba booming as tourists flock there before Americans come
woman says she was put in psych ward for insisting Obama follows her on Twitter...he does
Ontario teen Isis King faces bullying, Facebook ban over her name
Quebec Man Builds 20-Foot Tall "Olaf" Snowman From The Movie "Frozen"
Cooter from Dukes of Hazzard tells CNN: Confederate flag license plates are 'what Dr. King wanted'
Taylor Swift buys not one, but two porn sites
Carmel school secures restraining order against violent 9-year-old student
Sergey Brin once asked a lawyer he wanted to hire to write a contract for him to sell his soul to the devil
The woman who thinks she's a plant
Anyone for a day out at Hitler's bunker?
Pope Francis swarmed by nuns. Archbishop, "they are going to eat him"
Police officer arrested for suspected drink-driving after crashing into parked squad car
Australian Customs officer arrested after celebrating record cocaine-bust with a coke-fueled night out.
Richmond jail hosts Date with Dad event for imprisoned fathers
Wisconsin Republicans Eliminate Weekends
UAE ranks first in world for respecting women
Pennsylvania Man Denies Hit-&-Run Despite Part of Victim's Body in His Car
Remains of Murdered 'Food Network Star' Contestant Found in Wood Oven
Gold in faeces 'worth millions'
Czechs told not to throw tomatoes, eggs at US military convoy
'Cannibal' pianist jailed for microwaving his parents
Chicago Fire Extinguisher Factory Burns
Game of Thrones Creators Confirm the Show Will Spoil the Books
New drug that gets rid of double chins without surgery receives unanimous recommendation for FDA approval
Pat Robertson: "I wish Reagan would rise from the dead"
Ted Cruz Announces Presidential Campaign at School Founded by Guy Who Blamed Gay People for 9/11
PA Mall Accidentally Hires Convicted Sex Offender As Easter Bunny - Crime Feed
Tourists Flocking To See Cuba 'Before the Americans Come'
Berlin Brothel Seeks Well-Educated, Multilingual Quality Control Checker
The Guardian>News>Local Lennox Island man tries to produce counterfeit money using table napkins
Chef dies during dinner
Your poop could be a literal goldmine of precious metals
Scientists Want to Mine Our Poop for Gold
Human Feces Contain Lots of Gold
North Korea demands Obama return 2009 Nobel Peace Prize for nuclear arms treaty violation
Ted Cruz wants to repeal a law that doesn't exist
Woman Reaching Under Bed For Her Cats Grabs Stranger Instead
Liaoning woman learns Korean to get rice cooker to function
The funny wardrobe malfunction collection images
Did H&M Create Fake Underground Metal Bands (With Nazi Imagery) To Push Its New Clothing Line?
Ted Cruz Demands Repeal Of Federal Law That Doesn't Exist, Because Of Course
Gucci Mane Releases Three New Albums "Breakfast", "Lunch" & "Dinner"
Agrics kidnapped golden Simba and held him to ransom at Safer Sex Ball
Fake suitor cons Bismarck woman out of $100,000
Jagermeister sponsors a pool party, turns the water into poison
Ejaculating On Your Colleagues' Food Is Not A Sex Crime In Minnesota
Woman held 8 days in NYC psych ward for saying Obama followed her on Twitter - even though he does
Chinese man's girlfriend and ex BOTH jump in river demand to be saved
Woman claims in lawsuit she was thrown in psych ward for saying Obama follows her on Twitter
One Glass Of Red Wine A Day Equals One Hour At The Gym Study Shows
One Direction's concert crowd is rated 9 out of 10 (10 being riotous and moshing) on the risk assessment rating, the severity described only as "death."
Actual 16 year-old being considered for new Spider-Man role.
Crisis on Canna as Scottish island's population falls to 11
Clothing Chain H&M Creates Fake Metal Bands to Sell Merch
Man releases pet rat to avoid paying restaurant bill - video
Students Choose a Patriotic Theme For Dance...So Their School Cancels It Because It's 'Offensive'
Utah to resume use of firing squad for executions
Ted Cruz's New Presidential Campaign Donation Website Shares Security Certificate With Nigerian-Prince.com
Cooter from 'Dukes of Hazzard:' Confederate flag not hate speech
Feces contains gold worth millions
Man Denies Hit-&-Run With Body Parts in Car: Cops
Man suspected of stealing Scooby-Doo snacks, runs from police
Sorry, but Taylor Swift already bought TaylorSwift.porn
George Zimmerman: Killing Trayvon was God's plan, and wishing he lived is 'almost blasphemous'
Anti-drug official caught snorting cocaine
Man beats rape rap after victim found to be a man - Sweden's news in English
Toddler Accidentally Served Sangria Instead of Juice at Texas Roadhouse
George Zimmerman Compares Himself To Anne Frank, Says Obama Victimized Him
KING POWER UNICO CARBON AND RED 48 mm
Donald Trump Turns Birther Heat Up On Ted Cruz
Remains of pregnant 'Food Network Star' contestant reportedly found in wood stove
H&M Accused of Inventing Fake Neo-Nazi Metal Bands to Sell T-Shirts
George Zimmerman: President Obama amped up racial tension against me
State senator makes headlines with the doodles he does during hearings.
Jennifer Lawrence shapeshifts into someone who's done with the X-Men movies
Man attacks TSA agents at New Orleans airport with machete, wasp spray
NFL Player John Urschel Single-Handedly Kills The 'Dumb Jock' Stereotype With Complex Math Paper
Subpar Kiddush Given By Wealthy Family
Secret Nazi hideout believed found in remote Argentine jungle
'Best sex ever'. Emma McCabe plans to marry a tree named Tim
Pope Francis Performs 'Half-Miracle' - Liquefies Dried Blood With a Kiss
Miss Universe Japan Ariana Miyamoto Being Called "Not Japanese Enough" For Her Biracial Background
Man accidentally sets car on fire using lighter to see while refuelling
Man Declared Dead, Then Alive
Son of Hells Angels Leader tricks guards to release him from Montreal Prison
AL to outlaw bestiality, but it's still legal to rape a sheep in 13 states
North Korea to Obama: Return Nobel Peace Prize
via npr: Utah Brings Back Firing Squads As Lethal Injection Drugs Remain Scarce... As a society we are definitely walking backwards
Restaurant serves alcoholic beverage to 2 year old girl.
Nuns let out of convent to meet Pope. All hell breaks loose!
Indian Cops Suspended for Taking Murderer to Brothel Instead of Prison
Woman thrown in psych ward for saying Obama followers her on Twitter -- even though he does
Restaurant serves alcoholic beverage to 2-year-old
Chinese authorities move to crackdown on old ladies dancing in public parks and squares
12-Year-Old Tried To Kill Mom With Bleach For Taking Away Her iPhone: Cops
George Zimmerman says he has been victimized by everyone, blames Obama
George Zimmerman accuses Obama over racial tensions
Don't believe tedcruz.org, Ted Cruz is not a Nigerian prince
Utah's governor just legalized firing squads for death row inmates Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/utahs-governor-just-legalized-firing-squads-for-death-row-inmates-2015-3#ixzz3VHXUd2Qs
$ex Ruined album of 19 images
Ted Cruz Launches His 2016 Campaign By Proclaiming God Wants You To Have No Healthcare
North Korea demands Obama to return Nobel Peace Prize
Brothel in Berlin advertises for a full-time prostitute tester
George Zimmerman Accuses President Obama of Inciting Racial Tension
David Cameron's daughter 'threatens hunger strike' over Jeremy Clarkson BBC suspension
David Cameron's daughter goes on hunger strike until Jeremy Clarkson is reinstated on Top Gear
Burglar leaves 'genital selfies' in victim's phone
Utah becomes only US state to restore firing squad
Nancy Cameron: David Cameron's daughter goes on hunger strike until Jeremy Clarkson is reinstated on Top Gear
Tourists (in Iceland) believe there are too many tourists
Chinese restaurant in Kenya 'locks out' Africans after 5pm
David Cameron rules out third term as prime minister
FB user fakes suicide to see how the Facebook suicide prevention tool works and lands in mental asylum
Legalise shooting gay people in the head, US lawyer proposes in new bill
Shoot gay people in the head, US lawyer Matt McLaughlin proposes in new bill
Pocatello man suffering heart attack in front of his home has money stolen by passerby
Ted Cruz's Father Suggested His Son Is 'Anointed' to Bring About 'End Time Transfer of Wealth'
Many Doctors Who Diagnose Alzheimer's Fail To Tell The Patient
Chuck Norris writes an article to explain why the USAF shouldn't scrap the A-10 "Chuck Norris of Airplanes" Thunderbolt.
Government removes 'Trans' from Trans-Canada Highway citing family values
Angelina Jolie has had her ovaries and fallopian tubes removed
Human waste could be worth millions after scientists discover microscopic gold nuggets
'No Africans' restaurant owner arrested in Nairobi
British police hunt thieves who stole 38 pythons
Rich kid tells 7,000 staff at family business: "Salaries won't be raised, I'm getting a Bugatti"
'No Africans' Chinese restaurant owner arrested in Nairobi
The Ted Cruz/John Lennon mashup you never knew you wanted
Taylor Swift reportedly buys X-rated domains with her name
Ted Cruz Determined To Repeal Federal Law...That Doesn't Exist
Cops trying to steer gangs from violence with pizza parties
The US Air Force will train with remote-controlled F-16s
Burger King to sell Flame-Grilled Fragrance in Japan
'I didn't touch no kids.' Registered sex offender hired as mall Easter Bunny upset over firing
NC State Bans Drinking at Fraternities... Except Black Ones
Utah to allow firing squads for executions
Police seek serial pooper who has been defecating on cars
NC State Bans Alcohol For Some Frats, But Not Black Ones
Critics slam biracial Miss Universe Japan because she's 'not Japanese enough'
MN city has no idea how it got on the monopoly board
The Mexican Mormon War - Full Length
What put Waconia on the Monopoly board? Even Waconia isn't sure
South Park did it...
Baby born with the number "12" on forehead
2 Texas Students Win Election After Running as a Joke
Guilty verdict overturned after judge consults Google Street View
Convicted cop killer wants cops to return his $3K
Death penalty for selling horses outside Dublin to be repealed - plus some other outdated laws
Norway man glued own beard to victim's scalp
Ancient d20 die emerges from the ashes of time
Spare a thought for the Western men trapped in Japan | The Japan Times
Banned from every Sainsbury's in Britain - grandad barred after mobility scooter prang
This Chinese restaurant in Kenya is open for dinner, as long as you're not African
The Witcher 3 will have dynamic beard growth over time
George Zimmerman compares himself to Anne Frank, blames Obama for his woes
Russia warns US against sending missile defence system to S. Korea
Police arrest 7-year-old for kidnapping 30-year-old
Dad Shoots Son Because Orange Juice Carton Was Empty
Uber drivers attacked by taxi drivers in Brussels
Ted Cruz doesn't own tedcruz.com, it's owned by an Obama supporter.
Mocking the monarchy, a Dutch TV host started a citizens initiative to appoint him the title "Faraoh of the Netherlands." With 50,000 signatures already, the initiative will have to be discussed in Parliament.
Lawmaker says colleague's toddler feared her because she's black
Authorities Seek Remedy for Naked North Carolina Neighbor
Comedian wants to be the first 'Pharaoh of the Netherlands'- initiative goes to parliament
Man Vandalizes Historic Nashville Building with His Feces (x-post r/nashville)
Taco Bell's waffle taco is dead; biscuit taco to replace
'American Pride' Dance Cancelled At Massachusetts High School Because It's Not 'Inclusive Enough'
Man Vandalizes Historic Nashville Building with His Feces
Medicine Hat basketball player allowed to use f-word last name
NFL player John Urschel just published a paper in the Journal of Computational Mathematics
Clothing Chain H&M Creates Fake Metal Bands to Sell Merch, Releases a Song Called "Vaginal's Juice Dripping into Cadaverous"
Debra Milke, who spent 22 years on Arizona death row, has murder case tossed
Gays would be 'put to death by bullets to the head' under proposed ballot initiative
Man jumps out of moving car after driver refused to take him to Maccas for a cheeseburger
Person Putting "Whites Only" Stickers Around Austin Turns Out to be Liberal Social Justice Warrior
Police Raid Small Family Farm, Charge Family, Seize Animals Because They Were Free Range
China orders square dancers to walk the line
Today In Irony: Channel Nine's Launching A Show Where Strangers Get Married For Funsies, As The Senate Debate The Sanctity Of Marriage | Junkee
Ted Cruz: 9/11 converted me to country music
The Chief Justice of Nevada's Supreme Court says a decline in traffic tickets is starving his budget
Calif. Lawyer Proposes Ballot Initiative To Kill Gays And Lesbians
Chinese restaurant in Nairobi, Kenya does not accept Blacks after 5 pm
Woman held in psychiatric ward after claiming Obama follows her on Twitter (he does)
Utah governor approves executions by firing squad
Ted Cruz claims that overturning Citizens United will destroy the 1st amendment and silence pastors
B.C. Drunk Driver Caught Hauling Trailer Full Of Beer.
Utah goes retro, brings back the firing squad
Dutch presenter gets plan for Pharaoh of the Netherlands on Parliamentary agenda
Ted Cruz: I Started Listening To Country Music Because Of 9/11
17 lizards seized as police make 3 drug, gun arrests
Ted Cruz Says He Used to Like Rock Music but Now Prefers Country Music Because of 9/11
Ted Cruz: I stopped listening to rock music after 9/11
Biracial Miss Universe Japan Winner Facing Criticism at Home
First bi-racial Miss Japan called 'not Japanese enough' because of her African-American dad
White Men Get Ahead at the University of North Georgia
Maneka Gandhi bats for surface cleaner from cow urine says, Gaunyle, not phenyle Read more at: http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/maneka-gandhi-cow-urine-gaunyle-not-phenyle/1/425545.html
Minesweeping' pig banned from drinking in a pub for headbutting customers
Hillary Doesn't Take Questions After Speech Promising Open Relationship with Press
Woman Held For 8 Days In Psych Ward For Saying Obama Follows Her On Twitter... Even Though He Does
French Alps plane crash:FOUND
Jacksonville police officer who let woman drive patrol car to Hooters was suspended for 10 days
California lawyer seeks to put 'shoot the gays' proposal on 2016 ballot
'Cremated' Florida businessman was very much alive. He's now charged in $9 million fake death scam.
Video: Florida emergency manager's verbal gymnastics to avoid saying 'climate change' are hilarious: xpost: environment
One Californian's Response to That "Kill the Gays" Measure: The Intolerant Jackass Act
College student Kicked Off Southwest Flight Over T-Shirt
'STOOP' sign stops traffic in Jersey City
Michigan woman sues Planet Fitness for transgender-friendly locker room policy
Cameroon's Government Tries (and Fails) to Blame Embarrassing Photoshop on Hack Attack
PETA Targets 'Harry Potter' Studio Tour for 'Demeaning' and 'Distressing' Owls
Francis Boucher, son of Hells Angels leader, accidentally released from jail
Cheltenham man's dismay at hamless hamwich
Ted Cruz is a 9/11 Country Music Truther
Milkshake Picked for Pope's Philly Visit
The New York Times, a Corporation, Worries That the First Amendment Is Now 'Embraced by Corporations'
Ted Cruz: I stopped liking rock music after 9/11
Ted Cruz to sign up for government health care
Theme of Lexington High's 'American Pride' Dance Changed for Excluding Other Nationalities
rcmp say semi driver hauling beer charged with impaired driving
Taylor Swift And Microsoft Snatch Up .Porn Domains To Ward Off Opportunists And Trolls
Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson Salivates Over Rape And Castration Of Atheist Analogy To Argue The Goodness Of God
Top Gear row: Snoop Dogg demands BBC boycott in aid of Jeremy Clarkson
India Is Being Overtaken by Armies of Defiant Monkeys
David Hasselhoff calls Sharknado 3 "the worst movie you have ever seen", confirms return for Sharknado 4
Woman Sues Planet Fitness For Being Too Respectful Of Transgender People.
Proposed Calif. initiative would legalize killing of gay people
Rare stripeless badger found with bite in his bum in toilet
Ted Cruz going on Obamacare
FBI: Man who planted explosives at park wanted to be 'patriot'
Farm worker, 54, dies after getting buried alive in 'corn avalanche'
Fugitive is caught after snapchatting his location
Vin Diesel Predicts Furious 7 Will Win a Best Picture Oscar
'Virtual nose' may reduce simulator sickness in video games
Lebanon farm worker dead after getting caught in a 'corn avalanche'
A Tory Councillor Wore an Oscar Pistorius Girlfriend-Killing Costume to a Fancy Dress Party
Mykki Blanco Is Leaving His Rap Career to Pursue Investigative Journalism
Fugitive busted after snapchatting own location
Vin Diesel: 'Furious 7' Will Win Best Picture at the Oscars
This is quite possibly the most racist Craigslist ad of all time
Rapper, "Rich Homie Quan" assaults club bouncer, escapes on waiting speedboat
Ted Cruz didn't like how rock music responded to 9/11. So, he stopped listening to it. - The Washing...
Cruz signing up for ObamaCare
Indiana House OKs controversial religious freedom bill
George Zimmerman: Obama Turned Americans Against Me
Ted Cruz says he's going on Obamacare
Woman Works to Overcome Vomit Phobia Ahead of Wedding Day
China Is Going To Regulate Outdoor Square Dancing
Man accused of bashing sick wife's head with hammer at hospital because he 'didn't want her to suffer'
White House Mystery After Head Florist Abruptly Leaves Post
Ted Cruz is set to sign up for Obamacare
Proposed California initiative would mandate killing gay people
Elephants keep 18-wheeler from overturning
Koreans Have An Insatiable Appetite For Watching Strangers Binge Eat
Pot clubs help pay for S.F. gun buyback
Prisoner's lawsuit says it was too easy to escape
Basketball player with swearword last name, allowed to use it on jersey.
Conference Delegates Decry Clapping, Request "Feminist Jazz Hands" to Avoid Anxiety Triggers
Do-Si-Don't: China Issues Regulations for Square Dancing Grannies
When it comes to putting out fire, GMU students show it's all about that bass
NUS Women's event use jazz hands instead of clapping as it's triggering anxiety
2 hours to go, 90% funded! Will this make it?
The Always Feminine Product Company 'Leaked' A Sex Tape To Raise Awareness For Revenge Porn
Indonesian Police Accidentally Got Entire Neighborhood High Burning 3 Tons Of Weed
Florida Cop Literally Just Shot Unarmed African American With His Hands Up, Begging Not To Be Shot
Man gets $124 ticket for riding with 'The Most Interesting Man in the World'
Uncle Ben Shot by Federal Forces
Mexican Drug Lords File Complaint Over Inhumane Prison Conditions
Utah governor signs 55 bills into law, brings back firing squad
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Was Enrolled in 'Intro to Ethics' Class During Boston Marathon Bombing
Drinking Breast Milk From the Internet Is a Bad Idea
Feminist conference says clapping 'triggers anxiety,' asks attendees to use 'jazz hands' instead
Man Admits to Ejaculating in Female Coworker's Office for a period of 6 months
A group of California legislators has filed a complaint against a lawyer who is proposing a statewide ballot initiative that would allow gays and lesbians to be "put to death by bullets to the head."
Parents Want Boy Kicked Out of Middle School for Book He Wrote
Elephants help 18 wheeler stay on the road
Sepp Blatter says FIFA 'is more influential than any country in the world and every religion'
Monster US warship anchors off Portsmouth, defense chiefs downplay British shrinkage
U.S. removes dead Cubans, sunken ships from sanctions list
Driver's 'most interesting' way to cheat the HOV lane fails
'Gay sweater' made with 100% human hair takes back the phrase 'that's so gay'
Obamacare Opponent Ted Cruz is Signing Up for Obamacare
Canadian university basketball player with last name "Fuck" allowed to put name on back of jersey
Boy held hostage over two dollars.
Notorious Mexican Criminals Say Prison Conditions Are Inhumane
Utah reinstates death by firing squad.
Taco Bell is running a marketing campaign where they depict McDonalds as a totalitarian dictatorship.
Cruz to buy insurance via Obamacare, a law he vows to scrap
Use cow urine to clean offices, says Maneka Gandhi
Vin Diesel Believes 'Furious 7' Should Win A Best Picture Oscar
Ridiculous Cocktail Garnishes Led to Children Accidentally Being Served Booze
Virtual Nose may be the solution to VR motion sickness
Bể Bơi Công Cộng mang nhiều mầm bệnh cho bé
George Zimmerman accuses Obama of inflaming racial tensions
Ted Cruz didn't like how rock music responded to 9/11 so he stopped listening to it
Man wanted by police sends snapchat out saying he has returned to his home. When police are given a tip and go there to find him, he sends another snapchat saying he is in a cabinet, hiding from the police. The police find him in that cabinet after receiving another tip.
George Zimmerman compares his ideals to Anne Frank's, blames Obama for woes
Apple is training store staff to offer fashion advice
Georgia 'patriot' reportedly planted pipe bombs in park to sow fear of Muslims
LAPD in STAND OFF with Call of Duty STATUE!
TOP SAUDI CLERIC: 'BURN ALL THE CHURCHES'
Earl Sweatshirt Is Not Pleased With the Way His Label Rolled Out His Album "I Don't Like Shit, I Don't Go Outside'
Canadian Teen is allowed to use his last name on his basketball jersey... despite it's profanity
Man robs a Dominos Pizza restaurant. Steals cash, and two pies fresh out of the over, and orders employee to slice and box the pies.
Students swap clapping for jazz hands at NUS event
Chinese restaurant in Kenya bans Africans because they're all terrorists
Ted Cruz gave up classic rock because it didn't change in the wake of 9/11
Jets file tampering charges against Patriots over Revis remarks
Walmart shoplifter flees in motorized wheelchair
Zimmerman blames Obama for racial tensions after Trayvon Martin shooting
104-year-old woman's secret: 3 Dr. Peppers a day
Vancouver mayor says city's 'warmer weather' to blame as he fails goal to end homelessness by 2015
Taylor Swift slams Princeton Review SAT practice test for questioning the grammar in her lyrics
Capitol Police to Congress: No more drunken 4th of July parties
'Dating Naked' Reality Show 'Accidentally' Broadcasts Vagina On National TV
Republican Takes Days Off From Legislative Session To Quietly Receive Planned Parenthood Award
Indian minister urges cow urine to clean offices instead of phenyl
President Obama Signs Order Making Ted Cruz Ineligible for Obamacare
Black Market Breast Milk Could Spread HIV
City ordinance to limit household to three cats, has existing limit on dogs
Johnny Manziel Expected At April 20th Workouts
Use cow urine to clean offices,says Indian union minister
City ordinance to limit households to three cats
Solid Gold: Poop Could Yield Precious Metals
Obama signs executive order making Ted Cruz ineligible for Obamacare
9-point touchdown not among new NFL rules, but medical timeout is
Phil Robertson, 'Duck Dynasty' Star, Delivers Speech About Atheist Family Getting Raped And Killed
'Death Penalty For Gays' Ballot Initiative May Be Allowed To Proceed Under California Law
Pilots 2015: The Year Of Ethnic Castings - About Time Or Too Much Of Good Thing?
Buying human breast milk online poses serious health risk, say experts
2 elephants keep 18-wheeler from overturning on central Louisiana highway
State senators probe spike in gas prices, suspect price fixing by refiners
Selena Gomez Reminds Us All How Fleeting Life Really Is In Bikini'd Instagram Snap
Vin Diesel: Furious 7 will 'win best picture' at Oscars 2016
'Most Interesting Man in World' fails as carpool lane ruse
Proposed California initiative would mandate killing gay people | Politics | KATU.com - Portland News, Sports, Traffic Weather and Breaking News
Fire crews battle blaze at Mortonhall Crematorium
Man, 24, wounded in police-involved shooting in Nicetown
You Think Your City Is Full Of Trash? Ha!
Tataouine From Star Wars Is Key To The Fight Against ISIS
Restaurant owner wants 'death penalty' after customer released a rat
Gunman tells judge to 'suck your mum' after being given life sentence for South Croydon shooting
All kind of Generic Medicine
New York City commuters have longest work week, report says
'No blacks' Chinese restaurant shut down in Kenya
Rescuers struggle to recover bodies in Germanwings French Alps crash
[...] He has done what no jihadist has ever succeeded in attempting. He managed to successfully shut down the evil Zionist-loving American government [...] This was a great victory for Allah [...]
All-Canadian basketball player can now use his 'F-word' last name.
H&M Accused Of Creating Fake Neo-Nazi Metal Bands To Promote Clothing Line
Audit Report: Billions of Yen Wasted on Bad Technology at Fukushima
ISIS Takes Tatooine As Tourists Warned Away From 'Star Wars' Locations In Tunisia
Assault charge: Woman 'squirts breast milk at cop' - refused bail
The universe is going to collapse in on itself 'imminently'
Italian American Museum Looks to Evict 85-Year-Old Italian Grandma
Cardboard 'Most Interesting Man' fails as carpool-lane ruse
Nevada Bill Would Allow Medical Marijuana For Sick Pets
ISIS Takes on 'Star Wars': Islamic State Captures Tatooine
New York Times published piece about Netanyahu's racism, then rewrote all of it
OFF-DUTY OFFICER POSTED BOOZE PHOTO BEFORE FATAL ACCIDENT
Maine Burglary Suspect Tracked by Social Media, Arrested in Cabinet
Robber Stephen Rowland jailed after trying to flag down taxi driver he had just mugged
Tunisian town near 'Star Wars' backdrop now features in battle against ISIS
Man kicked off Southwest flight over language on t-shirt
This is Bird Poop, Not Snow
At an age of 24, Penchal -The Young CEO of Pen Groups bought his New Private jet
Angry cows escaping trip to the slaughterhouse close Trans-Canada highway
ISIS Takes Tatooine: Tourists Warned Away From 'Star Wars' Locations In Tunisia
Penchal-CEO of Pen Groups
12,400 mile road to link UK and USA proposed.
ISIS takes 'Tatooine,' Star Wars fans warned to stay away
Equality Commission 'must pay £8,000 for Sex Discrimination'
India nun rape is part of Christian culture says Hindu nationalist leader Surendra Jain
Some Triangle restaurants decide to pay employees a living wage
Berlin's looking for a 'Brothel Tester'
Feminist Group Warns: Clapping is "Triggering," Use "Jazz Hands" Instead
Man sues hospital after they remove his penis instead of his kidney.
Pianist who chopped up his mum and dad, cooked them in a microwave and then put them in a lunchbox ...
31-year-old woman wants to marry a tree she calls "Tim" because the sex she has with it is the best she has ever had
A Woman Dies After Getting Her Fourth Illegal Butt Injection
In 2016 campaign, the lament of the not quite rich enough: "One longtime bundler recently fielded a call from a dispirited executive on his yacht, who complained, 'We just don't count anymore.'"
Hillary Lectures Reporters, Gets Standing Ovation
Ireland's elf church rock moved for road construction.
In 2016 campaign, the lament of the not quite rich enough
50 years ago this week, someone smuggled a sandwich into space
Man Gets a Ticket for Fake-Carpooling With the Dos Equis Guy
In Iceland, an Elf Church rock is moved to continue road construction after a 2 year deadlock thanks to mediation by a local seer
'Heather Has Two Mommies' comes out again
Headbutting pig banned from south London pub
Ted Cruz's Biggest Liability Is Probably His Constant Lying
Ted Cruz Just Disqualified Himself for President
This Guy Is Probably the Only Cross-Dressing Assumed Murderer Once Played by Ryan Gosling to Ever Get Arrested for Peeing on Candy at CVS
Cardboard cutout of 'Most Interesting Man' fails as carpool-lane ruse
Thai PM Prayuth warns media, says has power to execute reporters
Plague of giant rats over-run locations used to film hit TV drama Broadchurch
DEM SEN: Don't Blame The Victim Of A Rape That Never Happened For Reporting A Rape That Never Happened.
Ted Cruz might sign up for Obamacare
A look at the contenders to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear
Cornell dean says ISIS welcome on campus in undercover video
Ted Cruz Compares Himself to Galileo, Calls Those Who Believe In Climate Change 'Flat-Earthers'
Renters Sought After Massachusetts House Rigged to Explode
Cornell dean says ISIS welcome on campus
Helpful Drunk Driver Pulls Himself Over, Calls Police. Oh Canada. Sigh.
Jon Hamm Completes Rehab for Alcohol Abuse Before Final 'Mad Men' Premiere
Pit Bull Owner Punches Man in Williamsburg for Having a 'P---y' Dog: NYPD
Driver gets caught with 'Most Interesting Man' in the carpool lane
Meth waste popping up like spring flowers
Tataouine, Star Wars town in Tunisia, becomes ISIS waypoint
NJ School Computers Held Hostage for Bitcoins, Disrupting Tests
Phil Robertson Of 'Duck Dynasty' Reveals Bizarre Atheist Rape And Murder Fantasy
Thus It Was Prophesied in 2012: Ted Cruz Will Be VP, Or a Supreme Court Justice
Canadian basketball player can use 'F-word' last name
Girl, 2, 'drunk' after waitress serves sangria instead of juice
Paleo Chef's Baby Food Book Pulled Because It Could Kill Babies, Unfair!
Jeremy Clarkson fired just two years after Top Gear films in Cheddar Gorge
Ted Cruz Anointed By Pastor Who Says Jesus Opposed Minimum Wage, and Constitution Based on the Bible
University magazine unwittingly offers honest assessment of modern day America
Indian two-year-old sets national archery record
Saleen unveils 2015 S302 Black Label Mustang with 730 hp
Labour attack 'sexist' Natural History Museum over dinosaur clothes for boys
Feminists Want To Ban Clapping Over Anxiety Concerns, Replace With 'Jazz Hands'
[NSFW] Husband pours super glue on wife's vagina
Nebraska senator compares police to ISIS, suggests he'd shoot a cop
Bill O'Reilly Bemoans The Decline Of American Journalism Standards
In tragic twist, fire extinguisher factory burns down
Pigs Tattooed with Disney Characters Selling for $70,000 in China
Man Arrested After Revealing Hiding Spot on Snapchat
Historian spots long-lost painting while watching 'Stuart Little'
Woman who tried to 'boil her husband' jailed for four years
Berkeley Email 'Spampocalypse' Brings 70 Strangers Together For Potluck Picnic
The Palin family are the stock photo for this Russian visa website.
'Mad Men's' Jon Hamm completes alcohol rehab
Nebraska senator compares all cops to ISIS and would kill one, given the opportunity.
Milwaukee man accused of having sex with ten-year-old girl, getting her pregnant
Picture Captures Leashed Cat Riding on Car Hood in Ohio
Target cuts HR staff who helped with last week's layoffs
Woman Plans On Marrying A Tree After Having 'Best Sex Ever' With It
Get elected to the House of Commons, get a free iPad Air 2 and a laptop
Scottsdale PD: Yoga instructor flashed, abused kids at bar mitzvah
Churchgoers Pissed That Dolores Park Partiers Are Illegally Taking Their Illegal Parking Spots
Gay Sweater challenges homophobic expressions
Ted Cruz to get health care plan through Obamacare exchange
Ted Cruz admits he'll be getting insurance through Obamacare
Millionaire Republican donors whine that billionaires are getting all the love from 2016 candidates
Muslims demand apology from mayor about new "islamiohobic" law, she refuses.
A320: Anti-immigration politician is shocked that foreigners crashed in France without resident permit
Michigan lawmaker puts out an 'alert' after gay journalist is promoted to news editor
Activists Turned an Anti-Gay Politician's Website into an LGBT Resource
Meet the 'Gay Sweater' Made from the Hair of 100 LGBT Kids
Ithaca College SGA passes bill to create system to report microaggressions
Right-Wing Columnist Wants The World To Know That HuffPost Is A 'Gay Porn Outlet'
Naked Florida man jumps on cop car, breaks wiper seeking fame
Nearly 250,000 Don't Know They Have Alzheimer's
Pluckley mum furious after cutting her thumb on shards of broken glass from her Tesco home delivery
Japan uses $1 billion climate change fund for coal plants in India, Bangladesh
Ted Cruz rails against 'crony capitalism' - and praises wife's Goldman Sachs career
Phil Robertson slammed for imagined tale of an atheist family's rape and murder
Guy Who Punched Out Belligerent Lax Bro Regrets Nothing
Fox News host says healthy school food is 'the road to hell': It's 'causing mental problems'
The Unbearable Whiteness of Indie
Fox News contributor: "Concussions have become the new global warming"
Monkeygate: Bewildered Florida Residents Discover Another Secret Monkey Breeding Facility
Bill Banning Federal Employees From Watching Porn Passes House Committee
KFC promises "hedgehog-friendly packaging"
Maine police say suspect gave up location via Snapchat
Paris Hilton Makes More Money DJing Than Deadmau5 and Tiesto Combined.
The White House head florist is gone and no one knows why
Faith Healer Benny Hinn Is Admitted to Intensive Care For Heart Problems
Famed San Francisco Toy Store To Close After Landlord Raises Rent To $40,000 A Month
Criminal serving his sentence with monks pleads to be sent back to prison because monastery life is too hard
8 BYU Students Got Catfished by a Woman Pretending to Be a Mormon Man
The area in Tunisia where 'Star Wars' was filmed is now a 'way-station' for jihadists
Grand Rapids: we're not Detroit...yet.
Woman Convicted in Bacon-Burger Brouhaha at Drive-thru.
Reports Suggest Body Cameras Are Only Effective When Cops Can't Turn Them Off
Life-Size 'Call Of Duty' Statue Perplexes LAPD In Game Studio Raid
LHC to be used to (potentially) discover parallel universe next week. Equal parts exiting and terrifying!
Ted Cruz says he's signing up for Obamacare
McDonald's Launches Big Mac Lifestyle Collection
Driver beware: Your new car may be spying on you
On Global Warming, Ted Cruz Says He's Galileo, Not a Flat-Earther
Scientists have discovered a simple way to cook rice that dramatically cuts the calories
In the wake of the Jeremy Clarkson incident, twitter users take to abusing the victim.
Children who eat 'evil' Cheetos crisps will be possessed by demons, priest warns
Zayn Malik has left One Direction
Experts Recommend Using Guard Donkeys To Protect Your Animals From Dogs, Foxes, Coyotes & Bobcats.
Increased Rainfall in Tropics Caused by More Frequent Big Storms
Woman's Only Regret About Setting Fire to Yoga Studio Is It Didn't Burn To The Ground
Air Canada ad suggests Atlantic Canada is a separate country
City of Utrecht scatters additional waste for cleaners (Dutch article, translation in comments)
One nation under Allah: Fury after school recites pledge in Arabic
UK students' union passes policy to stop white gay men acting like black women
Ottawa Senators to their fans: Please stop throwing hamburgers onto the ice
My music taste changed on 9/11
Tucker Carlson: Brother sent profanity-laced email in 'nicest way'
Ottawa Senators tell fans to stop hurling hamburgers onto the ice
Police: Stepmother choked boy for picking up dog poop on wrong day
Basketball Zweitligist Paderborn: Windows Update to blame for the demotion
Spread of Ebola could be slowed by same solution to that leftover toothpaste in the tube
Teen Girls Are Bugging The F*ck Out Over Zayn Leaving One Direction (Photos)
FBI Admits All Registered Motorcycle Owners Are On Classified Gang List
President signs order making Ted Cruz ineligible for Obamacare
Disciples of Christ threatens to cancel convention due to religious freedom bill
Fraternities Lobby Against Campus Rape Investigations
We'll probably kill journalists who don't report the truth, says Thai leader
RadioShack puts customer personal data up for sale in bankruptcy auction
It is actually illegal in Colorado to collect the rain that falls on your home
Pope Frances Credited with Performing 'Miracle' As St. Gennaro's Blood Liquifies
California Seeks to Head Off Initiative to Execute Gays
German WW2 soldier found living in forest still believing war was on.
Florida's Adam Lane is happy he pooped his pants during a game
Woman held after breast milk assault
Ben Carson calls Obama a 'psychopath'
Bot of Legends hackers' hard drives wiped thanks to 'malicious coding'
Hong Kong pianist who microwaved parents.
Senators Want Fans To Stop Throwing Burgers On The Ice [x-post from /r/hockey]
Hong Kong Man Gets Life Sentence for Killing, Microwaving, and Eating Parents
California Anti-Gay Execution Proposal
Google Sends Reporter a GIF Instead of a 'No Comment'
Prius driver attempts to outrun sheriff's deputy, fails
Cops Hunt for Hefty Armed Robber Who Stole Cash, Then Pizzas, From Long Island Domino's
Porcupine unearths 1,400-year-old oil lamp in central Israel
Pressure mounts to ban whips as new study indicates horses feel pain
A brilliant Tinder hack made hundreds of bros unwittingly flirt with each other
Game of Thrones' Emilia Clarke Turned Down Fifty Shades of Grey Over Nudity Concerns
Imperial Star Destroyer drone patrols the skies above France
Feminist Conference Asks Attendees To Use Jazz Hands Because Clapping 'Triggers Anxiety'
Ted Cruz Will Sign Up for Obamacare, the Law He Hates
Roy Hodgson's decision to restore ketchup to the menu has made the England camp a happier place
Gay porn star known for playing detective roles arrested for extortion.
Vegan Activist Kalel Is Willing to Eat Her Cat, Claims Pigs Can Play Video Games
'Pot Wax' is sweeping the country
San Gennaro Relic Liquefies in Presence of Pope Francis
Union courting Boeing workers concerned about intimidation at ballot box
Santa Clarita Valley restaurant owner accused of slavery
Man who shot San Jose cop was a 'nice guy' who beat his wife
Woman Who 'Fell In Love With A Tree' Explains How They Have Sex [xpost /r/news]
Berkeley email spam mishap spawns community spirit
Narcotics dog hospitalized after ingesting meth
Pot Wax: A New High Potent Drug
2015 Jury Convicts Michigan Woman For "Bacon Rage" Shooting At McDonald's Drive-Thru Window
'Hamburglar' and Senators coach say donate food, don't throw it.
Man finds whole potato in packet of crisps - Telegraph
Texas woman throws Molotov cocktail outside Austin Planned Parenthood
Woman threw Molotov cocktail near anti-abortion protesters
Calif. AG asks judge to halt initiative to kill gays
Germanwings Pilot Was Locked Out of Cockpit Before Crash in France
Was Ole Miss Chancellor Fired over Obamacare?
Man Punches Williamsburg Resident for Having a 'Pussy Dog'
Minister Who Denies God's Existence: I Don't Appreciate Being Told I'm Not a Christian
Slow-Ass Windows Update Saves German Pro Basketball Team From Relegation
Gold And Other Precious Metals In Human Feces Is Worth Millions
Deputies: Man Attacks Woman with Medieval Mace in Sacramento
Organisers of a national disability conference in Melbourne have come under fire after speakers had to be carried onto the stage because it was not wheelchair-accessible.
Italian Courts Rule That Vaccines Cause Autism
LOBBYIST CLAIMS PESTICIDE IS SAFE TO DRINK, REFUSES TO TRY HIMSELF
Russia Threatens To Nuke Denmark, Of All Places
A Third of Atlanta Patients Tested for HIV Already Have AIDS: Study
Pants-Pooping Florida RB Says Pooping His Pants Helped His Career
Police find wanted man in cabinet after he Snapchats he's in cabinet
Moderate alcohol consumption increases attractiveness
Chocolate Easter bunny costs $49k thanks to diamond eyes.
Speaker who uses wheelchair 'carried onto stage' at Melbourne disability summit
Band gives free concerts for life to fans with their tattoo
California Activist Responds to 'Kill The Gays' Ballot Initiative with 'Intolerant Jackass Act'
University lecturer plays students X-rated video of herself
Woman "profoundly embarrassed" of urinating in Aldi supermarket aisle
"Decapitate her head off": Phil Robertson's vile message to atheists
Indonesian police accidentally got entire neighbourhood high by burning 3 tonnes of weed.
Brazil road swallows then spits out entire bus
Feminist Launches 'Non Sexy' Lingerie Brand
TV networks have gone way overboard with this diversity stuff, Deadline says
Boy hit and killed by school bus was a cancer survivor set to get his "Make a Wish" this weekend.
1 in 13 African-American Adults Prohibited from Voting in the US
The Air Force Might Have To Protect Money Laundering in Space
Ted Cruz compares climate change activists to 'flat-Earthers.' Where to begin?
Russell Brand voted world's fourth most influential thinker
RBS to net up to $3.7bn from Citizens sale
Chemists in Demand as Marijuana Industry Shows High Growth
Christian Family Band Arrested, Charged Following Fatal Gunfight With Police at Walmart
West Australian woman denied bail over alleged breast milk assault
'Duck Dynasty' star fantasizes about atheist family's brutal rape and murder to make point about God's law
Woman found guilty of firing shot into McDonald's drive-thru after getting baconless burger
Three Norwegian teachers hospitalised after eating space cakes brought to school by two students
Taylor Swift Buys Her Own Porn Site
Daycare owner sued for reporting suspected child neglect
Disabled speaker had to be lifted to stage at National Disability Summit in Melbourne
Deaf man fined for calling police officer 'pig' in sign language
Students told to wave 'jazz hands' at conference speakers - because whooping and clapping might be too scary
Bacon-crazed Michigan woman guilty in McDonald's shooting. Shoots up McDonalds after they forget to put bacon on her burger..twice.
Deaf man prosecuted after he called police officer a 'pig' in sign language
Cars damaged by plastic wrap stretched across I-90
Deaf man fined after calling cop a 'pig' - in sign language
Scafell Pike's top inch 'stolen' by artist
Evangelicals Seduced By Ayn Rand Worship Crypto-Satanism, Suggest Scholars
Bike rider gets ticketed for unlawful passing in South Carolina.
Congressman: Releasing Wolves In Urban Environments Would Solve Homelessness
Drive from Europe to the U.S.? Russia proposes world's greatest superhighway
'Mad Men' star Jon Hamm treated for alcoholism
Cross-country cyclist ticketed for unlawful passing in Beaufort
Four year-olds hit with police 'pepper spray' at school
Woman Who 'Fell In Love With A Tree' Explains How They Have Sex
The Deadly Global War for Sand
Obama signs order making Ted Cruz ineligible for Obamacare
Two just-purchased camels stolen along with 2 steers
No Clapping For UK Feminist Students: It's A Trigger!
Michael Mosley: Why I consumed my own blood
Jay Z: 'It's Difficult to Teach Racism When Your Kid Looks Up to Snoop Dogg'
Stolen Birmingham milk van leaves 'trail of breakfast destruction'
Toddler Finally Meets Garbage Man He Idolizes and He Can't Even
Albino badger left for dead after love rivals 'chewed his testicles' (but don't worry, he's all-white)
California ballot proposal allows execution of gays, 'sodomites'.
Poland deploys hawks, falcon on mission to protect Lithuanian air space
Man Loses Job After Punching Colleague In Face
Call me Foo-key: Alberta college basketball star refuses to stop using 'offensive' surname
'Jesus' Appears After Rockslide In Colombia
West Michigan woman convicted in bacon-less burger shooting
DEA agents had 'sex parties' with prostitutes, watchdog says
Newspaper for Boston taxi drivers shuts down, blames Uber
Cemetery Repeatedly Makes Sales Calls To Man Buried On Their Grounds
How Income Inequality Benefits Everyone
Cat's crazy car cruise caught on camera in Ohio
'Un-Swedish' paint job causes media swirl
Owl Taken on Joyride, Possibly Eaten
Australian disability conference not wheelchair accessible
Woman Sues Mental Hospital for 'Not Believing Obama Follows Her on Twitter'
Fans With Parquet Courts Tattoos Get Free Concerts For Life
Willie Nelson Is Launching His Own Brand of Weed
Drugs squad accidentally gets locals high while burning marijuana mountain
Bangladeshi intelligence officials enter India, sent back
Gov. Mike Pence signs 'religious freedom' bill in private
Iranian big-budget film causes controversy by depicting Muhammad
DEA Agents Allegedly Hosted Cartel-Funded 'Sex Parties' With Prostitutes
Ithaca College student gov't votes for Microaggression reporting system
The Star Wars Tatooine set has become a way station for ISIS
Colorado Republican says brutal attack on pregnant woman could be God's punishment for legal abortion
Bangladeshi intelligence officials enter India, beaten up by villagers and sent back
Mitt Romney Is Going to Fight Former Heavyweight Champ Evander Holyfield for Charity
Ikea's flat-pack refugee shelter is entering production
Confused Law Student Applies For Job With Federal Court That Doesn't Exist
World's Hippest Police Force Gets Whole Neighborhood Baked After Burning 3 Tons Of Marijuana
Mitt Romney is Scheduled to Fight Former Heavyweight Champ Evander Holyfield For Charity
Klingenschmitt: Brutal Attack Upon Pregnant Woman Is 'The Curse Of God Upon America'
Texas woman smiles with pride after setting fire to yoga studio to "get rid of the devil's temple"
Bill O'Reilly: 'Journalism Standards Have Declined Dramatically'
Facebook status updates of my death were greatly exaggerated
Chechnya Speaker Vows To Arm Mexico If U.S. Gives Weapons To Ukraine
Science Has Now Created Square Ice [Video]
Snoop Dogg calls for Britain to 'boycott the BBC' until Jeremy Clarkson is reinstated as Top Gear host
'I don't sleep with the girls', says a Human Resources manager of a Prague brothel
Parents Must Sign Permission Slip Before Kids Can Eat Oreos
Vallejo woman who police say faked her kidnapping is missing again
California Tries to Block Proposal That Would Legalize Shooting Gay People
Wholesale | Gourmet Coffee | Ganocafe Coffee
Lawyer who Defends Corporations Accused of Creating Toxic Pollution Sues Neighbor for Smoking Inside his own House [x-post r/wtf]
Broken traffic signal flips off pedestrians
Lawyer who Defends Corporations Accused of Creating Toxic Pollution Sues Neighbor for Smoking Inside his own House
Zayn Malik quits One Direction: Hundreds of workers demand compassionate leave following band member's exit
Controversial ISIS 'Kill List' Leaves Off Female Army Captain
Hollywood made a zombie movie but replaced the zombies with Asians
Report: DEA agents had 'sex parties' with prostitutes hired by drug cartels
Airline pilots rarely crash on purpose
Badgers' Nigel Hayes busted admiring 'beautiful' stenographer
Home depot employee says he was fired because he had ISIS - the name of his ex-girlfriend - tattooed on inside of his lip
Dallas woman accused in illegal butt injections surrenders
NASA's Plan to Give the Moon a Moon. [x-post from /r/space]
Russell Brand voted the world's fourth most important thinker
Zayn Malik leaves One Direction: Hundreds ask for compassionate leave after star quits band
Tom Coughlin on iPhone's Siri: 'I don't trust the lady in GPS'
NASA's Plan to Give the Moon a Moon
US, Iran resume talks on preliminary nuclear deal as deadline looms
Ohio Man Arrested for Video Recording Traffic Lights
Kyoto cops snag ex-pitcher in women's underwear bid
200 Hens Poached From California Farm Weeks Before Easter
Ontario woman given eight-year sentence for illegal silicone buttock injections
McDonald's Launches the Big Mac Lifestyle Collection for Fans of Beefy, Cheesy Everything
Kim Jong-un calls for N. Korea's participation in more global sports events
GARDAI HAD TO COAX MAN OUT OF HEDGE AFTER ROW
McDonald's Launches Big Mac Clothing Line
Professional baseball player Andrew McCutchen's dreadlocks to be auctioned off on mlb.com
Man finds whole potato in his bag of crisps
Zayn Malik puts strain on UK economy as hundreds of workers demand compassionate leave
Russian Military Television Offers Top Gear's Jeremy Clarkson a Job
Boston mayor: 'We are all devastated about Zayn Malik but we must soldier on'
Australian woman dies during butt implant surgery by same doctor Kim Kardashian threatened to sue: report
McDonald's launches Big Mac fashion and lifestyle line
'Patriot' Terrorist Frames Muslims With Quran Bomb
Wall Street consultant assures America that Jeb Bush is no creature of Wall Street
Baseball Pitcher Misses Start Because He Went to the Wrong Stadium
Woman at center of alleged kidnapping hoax is missing again, police say
Suspected serial flasher Michael Dick arrested
Mad Mex finds Jesus!
New Study Suggests Eating Bacon May Prolong Life, Make it More Amazing
British MPs to get new iPads, despite Candy Crush scandal
Suspected Clackamas Co. serial flasher, Michael Dick, arrested after reportedly masturbating near Tickle Creek.
Former strip club owner named department of education in Mexican state of Quintana Roo
Jian Ghomeshi spotted in Toronto?
These States Will Take Your License for Not Paying Student Loans
Bloods and Crips unite against ISIS and take the fight to them.
Braille Handbook of Traffic Signs Launched
Pitcher Edwin Jackson Gets Lost on His Way to Spring Training Game
Press Laughs After U.S. Spokeswoman Claims "We Do Not Support Coups"
Deliberate plane crashes are extremely rare
Man fears he's having a stroke after mistakenly eating daughter's pot brownies
Woman Sets Yoga Studio On Fire To "Get Rid Of The Devil's Temple"
Drug dealer jailed after posing for selfie rubbing his face with a wad of cash
AZ Senator: Church attendance should be mandatory
Audience told to show 'jazz hands' instead of clapping over fears noise could trigger anxiety
Arizona law requires abortion providers to tell women procedure is reversible
California AG Seeks to Block Ballot Initiative to Execute Gay People
School named after war hero forces child to shave off military-style haircut
Aaron Schock is kinda like Abe Lincoln, Aaron Schock says
Andreas Lubitz, Germanwings Co-Pilot, Appeared '100 Percent Flightworthy,' Airline Says
[Meta] Seems like more and more of the posts are clickbait. What about a rule stating NO CLICKBAIT BULLSHIT?
German pro basketball team relegated to lower division due to Windows update
Freebooting why Facebook? Still not enough money?
Accused Bank Robber Says Virgin Mary Told Him To Eat His Feces. And He Did. In Court.
McDonald's launches bizarre Big Mac fashion line
Andrew Gilbertson: Man Eats Own Feces At Trial On Advice From The Virgin Mary
Suspected serial flasher arrested in Gresham
I Slept with My Boss and All I Got Were These Lousy STDs | VICE | United States
To Stop Iran's Bomb, Bomb Iran
Edwin Jackson gets lost on way to Cubs game
Why Speedos are still huge in France
Official Report: Nuclear Waste Accident Caused By Wrong Kitty Litter
Art teacher is evaluated by students' math standardized test scores
Restaurant accidentally serves sangria to toddler
Evander Holyfield to fight Mitt Romney in charity boxing match
Man fatally shoots himself after eating 5 marijuana candies
Why have Osborne and Balls neutered themselves?
Man fatally shoots himself after eating 5 marijuana candies - KTVQ.com | Q2 | Continuous News Coverage
Craig T. Nelson to Star in 'Coach' Follow-up Series for NBC
Woman seen driving with cat leashed to hood.
Lidl marks Zayn Malik's departure with a fifth off One Direction Egg
Arizona senator: Make all Americans go to church
Australian woman accused of squirting breast milk on police officer
Feminist students told to avoid 'stressful' clapping, use jazz hands instead
McDonald's Is Shilling Big Mac Clothing For Fit "Trendy" People
Arizona shooting victim takes Snapchat selfie before seeking medical help
25 year old at PWC Shanghai overworked to death after spending 120 hours a week in the office
DEA having drug fueled sex parties, sponsored by Columbian Drug Lords.
ISIS Threatens A Piece Of "Star Wars" History
Official Report: Nuclear Waste Accident Caused By Wrong Cat Litter
Dying Falmouth man to install webcam in coffin to let family watch body decompose online.
NUS Women's Conference: 'Gay White Men Should Stop Appropriating Black Women'
UK Students Union Passes Policy Banning Gay White Men From "Acting Like Black Women"
Safari guide loses it, leaves tourists behind
Browns fan's feel Johnny Manziel could end up being the greatest story in NFL history.
Browns fans feel Johnny Manziel could end up being the greatest story in NFL history.
AZ Lawmaker Suggests Law Requiring Attendance at Church
I-71 open again after tanker-truck leak fouls rush hour
All-Canadian basketball player can now use his fucking last name.
Black Guy Can't Swim but Signed up for American Ninja Warrior Anyway
Boy with Down syndrome asked to take off letterman jacket.
Boy with Down syndrome asked to take off letter jacket.
New homeowner selling house because he can't get Comcast Internet
Top of mountain stolen by artist, asked to put it back
Disabled speaker had to be lifted to the stage at National Disability Summit in Melbourne
FBI and ATF spent $2.1 million on 23 drones that don't work
China's dancing aunties fight back, government retreats
Chechnya threatens to arm Mexico to help it recover seized territories from the US, if the US provides arms to Ukraine
Sodomite Suppression Act in CA would allow state to murder same sex partners. "...any person who willingly touches another person of the same gender for purposes of sexual gratification be put to death by bullet to the head..." [x-post]
MSNBC Apologizes for Comment: Nothing Says 'Let's Go Kill Some Muslims' Like Country Music
White Man In St. Louis Punches Former Cardinal Curt Ford, Tells Him To 'Go Back To Ferguson'
Coolpad Dazen 1S - CoolpadEshop.com
Man unknowingly eats pot brownies, thinks he's having a stroke
Ted Cruz Is Just Like Reagan In 1980, Except People Actually Liked Reagan
Ted Cruz: 'On 9/11, I Didn't Like How Rock Music Responded'
Mom says special needs son at East High told to remove his varsity letter
Bill O'Reilly laments the dramatic decline of journalistic standards
Ted Cruz: 'I Masturbate To The Bible Every Night'
McDonald's launches Big Mac fashion line
Mystery poos appear in swimming pools
'I never thought of myself as a racist,' says apologetic leader of racist fraternity chant
'Declare the Taj Mahal a Shiva Temple' - Right wing lawyers appeal to court
Police crack down on 'Bacchus ladies'
Agra lawyers want Taj declared a Shiva temple
Bangladeshi intelligence officials enter India,beaten up by villagers and sent back (x-post /r/India)
High school senior gets suspended for riding a horse to school as a creative prom proposal
Hampton posts signs asking people to "stop pooping on bike path"
You can own your very own Iron Throne made of dildos.
Colorado lawmaker says attack on pregnant woman 'curse of God'
Anorexia Photo Used In 'Amazing' Weight Loss Story
Monkey who bit employee in the hospital parking lot captured.
Milpitas High senior rides horse 'Romeo' on campus for prom proposal, lands suspension
Convicted murderer kills his entire family during recent prison visit
Sea otter rescued in California oil spill dies of shark bite
Indiana Defines Stupidity as Religion
Boxshots And Ecover Graphic Software
Cat litter blamed for $240m radiation leak at New Mexico nuclear waste dump
DJ Accidentally Unplugs Life Support Machine While Setting Up Traktor
Woman Fired Shot at McDonald's After Finding No Bacon in Her Burger
Christie says tax revenue from pot sales is 'blood money'
POPE FRANCIS WARNS LARGE HADRON COLLIDER COULD 'OPEN GATES OF HELL'
Cartel funded sex parties of DEA agents
Office workers 'too sedentary'
Dundee 'flasher' the talk of the city
China tries to rein in dancing grannies
Arizona Wants Doctors to Tell Patients that Abortions Can Be "Reversed"
Russian Tycoon Polonsky Wants $1 Billion From 20th Century Fox for Resemblance to Villain
Flushable Wipes Are Wreaking Havoc On Sewage Systems (that music though)
Court case of farmer at fault for cow attack on Lizard Cornwall
Woman annoyed by sound of gardener's grass strimmer threw sulphuric acid in his face
'Cannabis helped our 13-year-old son beat cancer', claims Happy Mondays' Paul Ryder and his wife
Mildenhall man finds whole potato in his crisp packet
Heartbroken workers seek compassionate leave after Zayn Malik quits One Direction
Astronaut Scott Kelly will return from a year in space both older and younger than his twin brother
Thais smile through gritted teeth for China's tourists
Underground Radiation Leak Caused By Cat Litter
French court orders baker to remove 'obscene' cakes depicting oversized genitalia
Police: Intoxicated man arrived by taxi to rob Florida bank
Russian army TV channel invites Jeremy Clarkson to present motoring show
South Carolina and Taiwan sign driver's license reciprocity agreement
Russian Military TV Station Offers Job to Jeremy Clarkson
Bacon-crazed Michigan woman shot up McDonald's over mixed-up order
Ben Affleck Talks 'Batman' During Senate Hearing (And Yes There's a Spoiler)
'Family Matters' star jailed for actual family matter
A Physicist Is Building a Time Machine to Reconnect With His Dead Father
CA Dem Warns Global Warming Will Make Women Prostitutes
Adolf Hitler Drug Use: Was The Fuhrer A Junkie?
Christian minister claims her gift of prophecy allows her to predict movie plots
Nikki Haley: 'A Good Shower' Needed after Talk with Legislators
Police Burn 3.3-Ton Pile Of Cannabis And Get An Entire Town High
LifeLady Gaga Forgets To Wear Her Pants During Shopping Spree In New Orleans
Florida Hotel Wakes Up Spring Breakers By Blasting 'Lion King' Theme Every Morning
Dad mistakenly eats daughter's pot brownies, fears stroke
Lightning jets that can't fly through lightning
Biohackers Figured Out How to Inject Your Eyeballs With Night Vision
Pat Robertson Explains Why The Germanwings Jet Crashed: 'Was The Pilot A Muslim?'
Apple is Hitler, says Chinese CEO
Tyrese says he bonded with Paul Walker after he found out they were hooking up with the same woman
GOP State Senator Wants Mandatory Church Attendance
ISIS Takes Tatooine: Tourists Warned To Stay Away From Star Wars Film Locations In Tunisia
Jealous husband glued wife's vagina together with superglue
Monsanto Lobbyist Claims a Weed Killer Is Safe to Drink but Then Refuse to Drink It
Nickelodeon Accidentally Airs a Pair of Giant Boobs on a Kids' Show
Monsanto Lobbyist Says Herbicide Safe To Drink, Then Runs Away When Offered Some
Dark matter even darker than once thought
Christian Woman Says She Knew of Her Prophetic Gift Because She Could Predict the Plots of Movies
Documentary about gang rape wins Indian national film award
Bullied X Factor contestant sings at Japanese restaurant
Payday lenders warn that proposed new rules could hurt consumers
Lobbyist claims Monsanto weed killer is safe to drink, then bolts when TV host offers him a glass
Germanwings 'be surprised' adverts removed from London Underground
Dad eats daughter's pot brownies, thought he had a stroke.
McDonald's introduces 'Big Mac' clothing and lifestyle line
Dad eats daughter's pot brownies, thought he had stroke
Germanwings 'be surprised' adverts removed
Lawmaker: Baby cut from womb was God's punishment
DEA agents had 'sex parties' funded by drug cartels, report says
East Bay jogger kills 15-pound pug with a kick
French baker forced to remove 'racist' cakes
Chinese Smartphone Ad Compares Apple to Hitler
In an effort to save the endangered Black Rhino, the Dallas Safari Club auctioned a permit to kill the endangered Black Rhino...
Nuclear leak caused by 'wrong type of kitty litter,' confirms government report
Groom tried to drown himself in river after meeting 'ugly' bride for first time before arranged marriage
Police Credit Unique Tattoo for Helping Identify Suspected Thief
'Coach' Is Returning for a 13-Episode Season on NBC
Russian Oligarch: Let's Build a Superhighway From Russia to the US
Wrath of Dancing Grandmothers Forces Chinese Government to Backtrack
Montreal man agrees to wear a tracking device 24/7 because of RCMP terrorism fears
Arizona Coyotes analyst arrested after biting security guard
Dylan charged with multiple traffic violations
Defense Department Keeps Losing 'Sensitive' Explosives Gear, Then Finding It For Sale On Ebay
Man arrested for continually slapping OAPs for sneezing in street
No Murder Charge in Case of Baby Cut From Womb, Lawmaker Calls Death 'Act of God
Six Flags to cut 18,000 trees to go solar
Man Forced to Sell His New House Because Comcast Lied to Him
Time Warner Cable Restoring Service in Parts of SE Texas Nine Years After Hurricane Rita
Lobbyist Claims Monsanto's Roundup Is Safe To Drink, Freaks Out When Offered A Glass
Nokia Lost Underwater for 3 Months, Still Works
Woman flashes boobs at Bar Mitzvah, gives blowjob
Rep - Shepherd responds to website takeover with slavery analogy, concerns about civil war, gays.
Ithaca College student gov. considers new reporting system for 'microaggressions'
Monsanto lobbyist won't drink weed killer after claiming it's safe
San Francisco prison guards forced inmates to fight 'like Game of Thrones'
NYU Asks Employees For Donations To Help Students Pay Crippling Cost Of Attending NYU
Little girl's RSVP: 'My dad will not let me go because you are black'
Shepherd responds to website takeover with slavery analogy, concerns about civil war
DEA Agents Held Sex Parties with Prostitutes Paid for by Colombian Drug Cartels
FBI Quietly Removes Recommendation To Encrypt Your Phone... As FBI Director Warns How Encryption Will Lead To Tears
This New Startup is Shipping Cockroaches Through the Mail
Jelqing - How To Jelq Step By Step Instructions
Illinois town wants cyclists to stop pooping on bike path
Arizona State Senator: Make Sunday Church Attendance Mandatory
Man arrested after entering Annapolis elementary school, handing out money to students
Authors: end to censored versions of books is 'victory for the world of dirt'
Mitt Romney to fight Holyfield in charity boxing match.
Woman tries to run-over man with SUV after argument over cinnamon bun.
Weed Killer Is Totally Safe to Drink Says Monsanto Lobbyist Before Declining a Glass
Need a job? Berlin's looking for a 'Brothel Tester'
This man painted Obama with his erect penis... but he's really quite introverted
Special needs student forced to remove letter jacket after parent complained he didn't earn it
U.S. man shoots son in buttocks over orange juice
12 year-old girl arrested for trying to kill her mother by bleach poisoning over taking her iPhone
AZ Senator wants to make church attendance mandatory
Principal forces student with Down syndrome to remove high school letter jacket.
Teenager 'attacked police with fridge and kitchen sink' at hostel
116-Year-Old Attributes Long Life to Meth and Barebacking
Student Blames Michelle Obama for Ruining 'Taco Tuesday'
She Will Never Go To That Male Gynaecologist Again... (Will Make You Laugh At The End)
Why Is Gay Porn So Popular in Pakistan?
Italian schoolkids suspended for posting ISIS mock execution on WhatsApp, Instagram
Bank robbery suspect eats own feces on witness
Plane with nobody aboard crashes at Nipawin, Sask.
Genocidal hate speech by Lib Dems at the National Union of Students Women's conference?
Zayn Malik quits One Direction: Hundreds of workers request compassionate leave following band member's exit
McDonald's launches clothing line using Big Mac prints
Blaze on Fire Island destroys gay resort landmarks
These Anti Ball-Crushing Pants Are Real - And Helping Drive Lululemon's Sales
Jealous South African man pours super glue into wife's vagina
Nigeria's Presidential Candidates Are Bribing Citizens with Sugar and Rice
Woman robbed of True Religion jeans after posting Facebook ad
House Dem: Global Warming Could Force Women to Trade Sex for Food
Idaho State Lawmaker: Gays, Like Slave Owners, Are 'Good People' Who Made Bad Choices
Indonesian cops burn 1,000 pounds of seized marijuana, fumes get whole neighborhood high
Man hospitalized after unknowingly eating daughter's pot brownies
House Dem Warns Climate Change Will Force Millions Of Poor Women To Engage In 'Transactional Sex'
Nuclear Waste Leak Traced To --- Kitty Litter
Virginia congressman says warming killed 7,000 in U.S. last year
Special needs student told by teachers to remove his varsity letter jacket
5 Tips for Successfully Dating an Actor
Former JetBlue pilot who had midair meltdown sues airline for letting him fly
Canadian Education Minister mad French and English students have been sharing a bus
Monsanto supporter refuses to drink weed killer on live TV
NB Education Minister angry after learning French and English students have been sharing a school bus
4th-Graders Propose Bill; Lawmakers Defeat It, Make Abortion Joke
Wandsworth Prison escapee Neil Moore faked bail email
Soccer team goes bonkers after scoring, gives up wide-open goal while celebrating
Man caught using stolen Id after victim googled his name and found news article about himself
Proof: Chemtrails Being Used to Chemically Infect Men With Homosexuality
One Direction Fans Ask for 'Compassionate Leave' From Work After Zayn's Exit
Girl, 4, sneaks out, hops bus in search of 3 a.m. snack; sings, 'All I want is a slushie'
Japanese Karaoke Goers Are Tired of Hearing Cruel Angel's Thesis
Guy running for Mayor in Dallas arrested for tagging buildings with 666
WOMAN CONVICTED IN MCDONALD'S SHOOTING AFTER NOT RECEIVING BACON ON CHEESEBURGER
BREAKING NEWS: Pilot found "unfit to work'
White parents demand apology for school's Black History Month event
Men are going nuts over Lululemon's 'anti-ball crushing' pants
Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz declared 'unfit to work,' officials say
Dallas Mayoral Candidate Arrested for Painting "666" on Local Buildings, Landmarks, Us
STOP POOPING ON BIKE PATH
Huawei not a threat to UK, says Huawei Oversight Board
I was 32 when I met the love of my life. She was 92
Kitty litter mix-up caused nuclear waste explosion
Iowa's governor doesn't seem to understand what a smartphone is or how e-mail works
NUS Women Conference. - (motions)
Russian entrepreneurs are trying to explain the internet to Vladimir Putin and it's surreal
Calif. deputy police chief among six arrested in drug sting
"Lee Kuan Yew Is Finally Dead" said kid with zero future left in Singapore
UN orders 30,000 IKEA flat-pack refugee shelters
Obama Orders Homosexual Chemtrail Missions Over Indiana Day After "Religious Freedom Bill" Passed
Stoner's math research sending him to international contest
Indiana's anti-gay law snags Michelle Bachmann's husband
Senator: Church attendance should be mandatory
Willie Nelson to launch chain of marijuana stores
A pair of monkeys nicknamed Bonnie and Clyde have escaped from a zoo
Politician's Husband Refused Service in Indiana Because Store Owner Thought He Looked Gay
One monkey recovered after macaques Bonnie and Clyde escape from Belfast Zoo - Independent.ie
One monkey recovered after macaques Bonnie and Clyde escape from Belfast Zoo
Congressman John Carter: 'Cyber is just pounding me from every direction'
Wedding Bells: Man drowns himself after seeing ugly bride for the first time
A man is serving life in prison in Oregon for public masturbation.
Pornhub's Wankband will charge your phone as you pleasure yourself
How Children in Egypt Are Playing Out ISIS Execution Videos
LeTV compares Apple to Nazis to promote its upcoming "bezel-less" phone
Penis-Shaped House Up For Grabs Near Sydney, Australia
California bank robbery suspect eats own feces after taking witness stand
CHP OFFICER RESCUES WOMAN PASSED OUT IN MOVING CAR
At least five Americans accidentally shot off their penises since 2010.
Paso Robles man eats poop while on trial
Can an abortion be undone?
#BoycottIndiana trends #1 on Twitter, over "religious freedom" to discriminate
Marcus Bachmann Refused Service in Indiana, Store Owner Assumed He Was Gay
DMV Requests High-Powered Rifles For Office Safety
Indiana anti-gay law snags Bachmann's husband
احذرو دخان وست بالسعوديه انتبهو منه فيه ماده سرطانيه
Vandals spray-paint trivia facts across Butte
"God is with us": Oklahoma teen tweets hanging cross amid tornado debris
Pigeon with microchip found in Gujarat, anti-terror squad begins probe
Investigator: Inmates forced like gladiators to fight as deputies took bets
Muay Thai Techniques - Tony Jaa - Buakaw
Registered sex offender hired as Westmoreland Mall Easter Bunny
Jakarta police accidentally gets neighborhood high
Crematorium tried to use bodies to heat houses
Carlisle sneezing attacks: Man arrested over string of assaults on elderly people with the sniffles
Racists Vandalize Hindu Temple, School with Swastikas, Anti-Muslim Messages
Indonesian police burn 3.3 tons of weed; get entire town high
9 Things Many Americans Just Don't Grasp (Compared to the Rest of the World)
Học sinh trêu nhau và cái kết đắng lòng
Dramatic sheep rescue from 150ft cliffside
Nuclear Accident Culprit: Kitty Litter
The people said this as beach malfunctions
Indonesian police accidentally get an entire town high
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal reveals TRIANGLES are the reason for recent upturn in form
Frog Enzyme Clears Genital Warts
Police Accidentally Get an Entire Neighborhood High with Marijuana Bonfire
Illinois town urges people to stop defecating on bike path
Calif. seeks to block initiative that calls for the execution of gay people.
Pigeon with a chip lands in Gujarat, sparks security fear
Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst uploads photo to reassure public he is not Robert Durst
Man Thinks Wife Is Cheating So Put Superglue On Her Vagina
Police: Driver hauling 80K pounds of wine was drunk
School orders mother to shave son's military haircut
Bush Gets Intelligence Group Award
Ted Cruz compares himself to Galileo
What happens to Victoria's Secret underwear after you return it
Science explains why hipsters grow beards: Men might be growing beards to appear more attractive to women and more dominant to other men, a study on monkeys suggests
Gay killers tie the knot behind bars in Britain's first known same-sex prison wedding
[NSFW] I watched the Randy Quaid porno so you don't have to
Oregon Supreme Court to consider: Is it 'cruel and unusual' to imprison public masturbator for life?
Belligerent birds chasing people in Melbourne park
Babyboomers flummoxed as their old stuff is rejected by Millenials
Canadian Basketball Player Allowed Fo Use 'F--k' As His Last Name
Ten Seattle goats in custody after chasing a group of children
Uganda Trumpets 'Vuvuzelas' as New Tool to Deter Elephant Attacks
St. Paul pizza, ice cream parlor was front for marijuana operation run by local man, his mother and grandmother
China launches Sky Net to catch corrupt officials overseas
White men should never hold elected positions in British universities again
Myrtle Beach woman charged with attempted murder following cinnamon bun argument
Internet Providers Sue to Kill Net Neutrality
Media union urges journalists to stop accepting inadequate payment for work
Hitch20 - Episode 1 "Revenge Unhinged"
Rich Homie Quan Allegedly Punched a Bouncer, Then Escaped on a Speedboat
Legal Discrimination Begins: Indiana Bigot Brags About Refusing To Serve Food To LGBTs
F-k allowed to use his name in Alberta basketball league
Unbelievably Cute Mammal With Teddy Bear Face Rediscovered
30 never-before-seen species of flies discovered in Los Angeles
Dad Thinks He Has a Stroke After Accidentally Eating Daughter's Pot Brownies
Kazakhstan villagers are abruptly falling into deep sleeps and no one knows why
Canadian Basketball Player Allowed to Use F--K as His Last Name | Bleacher Report
Feminist Conference Calls on Gay White Males To Stop "Stealing Black Female Culture"
Gay Men Officially Forbidden From Acting Like Black Women. Clapping, Too, Is Off Limits.
ISIS Endorses Ted Cruz For President, Cites Government Shutdown
Adding female characters to new 'Assassin's Creed' would 'double the work,' says Ubisoft
Why Do Severed Goat Heads Keep Turning Up in Brooklyn?
Gold From Poop? USGS Scientists Look At Recovering Valuable Metals From Feces, Sewage
Canadian basketball player seeks permission to use 'Fuck' as his last name
Man sets house, car on fire following a dispute over a photo
Doctors Can't Explain Why People in Kazakhstan Are Falling Asleep For Days
Make Way for Generation Z
Video shows Berkeley homeless man attacked by 'hospitality ambassador'
Inaugural Midwest Baconfest proves even more popular than planners anticipated
Coachella, Lollapalooza Festivals Ban Selfie Sticks
Man takes picture of everything his right hand touches, for 11 years
France to make 'looking like a prostitute' illegal
Gutfeld: California Ads Trashing E-Cigs 'Demonize With Flimsy Lies'
TSA's Secret Behavior Checklist to Spot Terrorists
Cat litter the cause of a nuclear waste leak in New Mexico
Marcus Bachmann Refused Service in Indiana, Shop Owner Assumed He was Gay
Guess What Makes The Cut As A 'Smart Snack' In Schools? Hot Cheetos
Large penis removed from Barista's bull sculpture
Attention Millennials: Selfie Sticks Are Banned At Coachella
Trailer house bought for $300 now on market for $1.2 million in the Hamptons
Cat litter to blame for radiation leak in New Mexico
I Interrupted Anime Twitter Cybersex Roleplay as Bar Rescue's Jon Taffer
EXCLUSIVE: L.I. woman says psych ward doctors believed she was delusional for insisting Obama follows her on Twitter
Lawmakers say horses aren't animals
Selfie love does iPhone thief in
Fred Durst Really Wants to Make It Clear That He's Not Alleged Murderer Robert Durst
Hope for dead teens sperm
Groupon Posted This Product on Facebook, Then Replied to Everyone Who Made a Sex Joke
Miley Cyrus Turned Her Freshly Removed Tooth Into A Necklace
Why Americas obsession with STEM education is dangerous
Mom furious after school sends unvaccinated son home
Love blooms for rival Russian MPs
Canadian Basketball Player Allowed to Use F--K as His Last Name
Idaho Rep: 'Slave Owners Were Good People Who Made Bad Decisions, Like Gays'
BOEING JUST PATENTED A FORCE FIELD MADE OF LASERS
Why America's obsession with STEM education is dangerous
Woman filing suit against Hydro Quebec after being impregnated by electronic smart reader.
Students refuse to pay back loans in protest of how much money they borrowed
Ferguson Mayor Thinks DOJ Report Put Too Much Focus On Race
'Stop pooping on bike path' signs posted in Illinois town
Woman Filmed Herself Being Raped By a Cop So Police Would Believe Her
4-year-old seeking slushie found alone at 3 a.m.
Death threat to BBC chief and his wife: Bodyguards rush to home of Director-General after terrifying e-mail is sent to Corporation over his decision to drop Jeremy Clarkson from Top Gear.
Prediksi Indonesia vs Myanmar 30 Maret 2015
Arizona lawmaker wants church attendance to be mandatory
Owner of pink chickens comes forward, says he wanted to 'make people smile'
ISIS Reportedly Stopping 'Un-Islamic' Caesarean Section Births In Caliphate Read more at http://www.inquisitr.com/1959670/isis-reportedly-stopping-un-islamic-caesarean-section-births-in-caliphate/#9dOvIZq4SIj7UP2Z.99
ISIS Reportedly Stopping 'Un-Islamic' Caesarean Section Births In Caliphate
Chuồn chuồn bay Phư?ng Hòa Ca nhạc thiếu nhi hót
Warwickshire villagers fight to keep historic hedge
Neo Nazi tries to set fire to EU flag but falls foul of EU fire retardant laws
Man drowns himself after seeing ugly bride for the first time
Iranian Defector: 'U.S. Negotiating Team Mainly There to Speak on Iran's Behalf'
Selfie sticks banned at US festivals
SA Today: The curious case of Nomgcobo Jiba
Naked Paint Parties Prompt Church's Loss of Tax-Exempt Status
School disco cut short after parent reacts to pupils' scuffle
Girl, 4, sneaks out of the house alone to get a slushie ... at 3AM!
Ummm...Now You Can 3d Print Kim Kardashian Nude
Michelle Obama's School Lunch Program Leads to Rise in School Shartings
FBI told its cyber surveillance programs have actually not gone far enough
Chú Ếch Con Ca Nhạc Thiếu Nhi Sôi Động
Hookers & blow: Colombian drug cartels funded DEA sex parties with prostitutes
Can Canada teach the rest of us to be nicer?
Meet the dating site for people who believe in UFOs
DEA agents attended cartel-funded 'sex parties'
Police Burn 3.3 Tonnes Of Cannabis And Get An Entire Town High
Head teachers in Cheshire have warned parents they will report them to the authorities if they allow their children to play computer games rated for over-18s.
4 yr. old girl leaves home at 3 a.m. to get a slushie
WILL GLOBAL WARMING CAUSE PROSTITUTION?
Head teachers to report parents to police and social services if they let their children play Grand Theft Auto or Call of Duty
Pennsylvania girl, 4, rides bus alone in search of slushie, shocks passengers
Head teachers warn they'll report parents to police and social services if children play over 18 computer games
Even adult films cannot use profanity
Woman With A 2 Foot 8 Inch Husband Says He's "One Of The Most Sexual People" She's Ever Met
Parents Could Be Reported To Police If They Buy Their Kids Call Of Duty Or Grand Theft Auto
Residents of assisted living facility show skin in 2015 calendar
Hamilton taxidermist makes 'cute forever friends' with dead rats
This Guy Turned an 'Eat a Bag of Dicks' Joke into a $150,000 Gummy Shlong Empire
Inmate Walks Free After Emailing Release Instructions to Prison Staff
Physicist Stephen Hawking to trademark his name
Revology Cars unveils replica of the first Ford Mustang
Students told they cannot lampoon U.S. presidents because campus forbids 'mocking'
Indiana Governor Buys Vacation Home Beside Westboro Baptist Church
Limp Bizkit Frontman Confirms He Is Not Robert Durst
Nanna Love: Meet the super cougar grannies who watch porn and sleep with hundreds of men
Basketball team faces relegation due to windows update
TSA Yawns: Yawning And Other Little Behaviors At Airport Make TSA Suspicious
Black Democrat accuses 18 month-old boy of being a racist
China jail a man in prison for six years, for growing beard.
Annonymous service lets you send a vaginal cleansing kit-to women
MILF 'to be hit' if it blocks arrest of members involved in Mamasapano, lawmaker warns
Man Jailed for 6 years in China for growing beard.
'Llama Drama' Owners Say USDA Draws Line Against Appearances
Australian father arrested for giving cancer-stricken daughter cannabis oil
Chinese court jails a man for 6 years for growing beard
Heads' threat to parents over computer games
Man accused faking mental illness, eats own feces in court to prove prosecutors wrong
Bride leaves groom on wedding day after he fails a math problem
'Patriot' Allegedly Confesses To Leaving Two Homemade Bombs In Georgia Park
People Are Taking Smiling Selfies At The Scene Of The NYC Explosion That Killed 2 People
Cookeville Tennessee police department has the best website ever
Pharmacy assistant loses license after hypnotizing woman
4-Year-Old Girl Boards Big-City Bus Alone in Middle of the Night With One Destination in Mind - and She Wasn't Running Away From Home
Justin Bieber Will Be Floyd Mayweather's Good Luck Charm at Boxing Match
Ex-CFO who slammed Chick-fil-A now on foodstamps
Marcus Bachmann, husband of former Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann, unwittingly became the first public face of Indiana's newly-enacted Religious Freedom Restoration Act, after being refused service at a dress boutique because the store owner assumed he was gay.
School principals threaten parents with police if kids play 'Grand Theft Auto'
Blackberry posts profit for quarter
Alleged drunk driver stops in middle of freeway; dramatic rescue caught on camera
Clinical therapist at Minnesota Sex Offender Program accused of sexually assaulting girl
Parents rarely spot child obesity
Take a private jet to your college tour, for $43,000
NUS conference condemns drag and tells gay men to 'stop acting like black women'
Indiana governor: New law 'not about discrimination'
Newark man charged with counterfeiting
Keeping Australian native animals as pets is a good idea
70% of men aged 20 to 34 are not married compared to 20% in the 60's
Antarctica hits highest temp recorded-63 F
Gov. Martin O'Malley: Presidency Not a Crown to be Passed Between Two Families
STD Rates Among Dungeons and Dragons Players Stay Steady at 0 Percent
Australian Cricketer abused NZ Batsman because they were "too nice"
Ohioans Don't F**k Around
Police Arrest Michigan State Fans For Reportedly Rioting In The Streets And Throwing Bagels
4-year-old Pennsylvania girl found riding bus alone in middle of the night in search of a slushy
Michael Kors Designs Surgical Gown Line for Spring
Masked robber carrying 9 knives attempts to rob his own mother, but she refuses to hand over any money after recognizing him.
Mother reportedly locked up son with cerebral palsy and no one noticed
Why the women of Iceland are freeing their nipples
Masked robber carrying nine knives attempts to rob his own MOM but she recognizes him and refuses to hand over any money
Icelandic "Free The Nipple" campaign takes over the capital
Jim Harbaugh finishes fourth in voting for Michigan's student government president
Yoga instructor Lindsey Radomski gets drunk at bar mitzvah, gets kids to fondle her breasts and performs oral sex on boy
Michigan State students celebrate Final Four by throwing bagels
California is in one of its worst-ever droughts because people are growing too much weed
Diesel dump spelled doom for Pendleton home
Liberty University Hosts Simulated Bio-terror Attack.
13-year-old Minecraft player confesses to swatting, police say
Mystery Pooper Gives Pool A Break
Republicans See Obama as More Imminent Threat Than Putin-Reuters/Ipsos Poll
Trucker hauling wine arrested on drunken driving charge
48 hours inside Reddit, the internet's 'most toxic' community
Intoxicated man takes cab to rob bank in Tallahassee, Florida
Kid Arrested, Confesses To Swatting A...Minecraft Rival
Man robbed during heart attack
Driver follows GPS off demolished, closed bridge ramp.
Police: Driver follows GPS off bridge ramp; wife dies
'Religious Freedom' act opens the door for the First Church of Cannabis
Science explains why hipsters grow beards.
Organizers apologize for playing wrong anthem for El Salvador at FedEx Field
Stubborn pigeon rescued by IBM
First Church of Cannabis accepting monthly individual donations of $4.20
People who drink diet soda put on three times as much belly fat as those who don't, study says
Qatar holds marathon in the desert, forces laborers to run in it.
Xiaomi Releases the Note Pro with High-End Specs
'World's strongest dwarf' to wed 6ft 3in tall transgender woman
Bếp yêu thương MC Thanh Thảo & diễn viên Mai phương
Shots fired at McDonald's when bacon is missing from cheeseburger
Irish guys failed attempt to redesign Irelands largest political party's election posters, in a WWE Style
After 11 people in remote tribe die of starvation, Indonesian Social Minister brings them food... and cigarettes
Drunk Frenchman attempts to resuscitate 'dying' rubber dinghy
330 chinchillas removed from Waukesha home
'Easter Egg Cookies' recalled because they actually contain eggs [xpost r/news]
Americans See Putin as Only Slightly More Imminent Threat Than Obama.
Woman arrested for asking if she can at least smoke her weed after being told she couldn't take her booze with her.
Man escapes from prison by typosquatting
Asda recalls children's Spider-Man costume over fears it could blow-up
Teenage Minecraft player admits to orchestrating three swattings
Tourist apologizes for snapping selfie near East Village blast site
Monkey Attacking Train Drivers in Bihar is Seeking Revenge, Say Officials
'Easter Egg Cookies' recalled because they actually contain eggs
Police say blogger hacked to death in Bangladesh
Celestial Penguin the result of Galactic Destruction
5th Grader Expelled For Pimping Classmates For "$3 Kisses And $2 Hugs"
Drugs confusion: woman arrested for asking if she could carry marijuana in police car
Buy Facebook Fan page Likes
Texas Bill Would Prohibit Doctors From Asking Patients About Guns
Personal details of world leaders accidentally revealed by G20 organisers
Heartless visitors mug for selfies at East Village blast site
An unmade bed sells for $4.3M at an art auction.
Ghost in the Machine - How a homeless musician fused the power of smartphones and spirit-hunting
Chinese court jails Uighur for 6 years for growing beard - The Rakyat Post
Americans see Putin as only slightly more imminent threat than Obama, poll says
Iowa's Governor Terry Brandstad Thinks He Doesn't Use E-mail
Hays Eagle Watchers Construct Shrine To Mourn Loss Of 2 Eggs
Texas Bill Would Prohibit Doctors From Asking About Guns
How to Understand People's BS
Chef lost 21 stone after friend texted him 'fat f***' every day for six weeks
The Farm Bureau did not feel Michigan's Right To Farm Act was meant to protect Small Farmers
Street preacher fined for using "abusive" language after quoting Leviticus
Gay Passion of Christ Envisioned and Attacked
Arizona Lawmaker: Church Attendance Should Be Mandatory
Unidentified powder discovered at Sussex Court identified as glitter
The Ghost in the Machine
Coney Island roller coaster stalls, forcing riders to climb down
This coloring book features Ted Cruz fighting a giant snake named Obamacare
Erections and Pain Power Pfizer's $1.4 Billion Ad Binge
Man Killed by Falling Headstone in Throop Cemetery
Stay Muslim, don't vote: Anjem to UK Muslims
HOME>U.S. Men Dressed as Women Shot Outside NSA Gate, Tried to Ram Past Checkpoint, Officials Say
President Obama slips while exiting Air Force One
Suspect who removed fetus from a woman's womb not charged with murder
Man follows outdated GPS over an abandoned bridge in Indiana, killing his wife.
Iowa's Governor Terry Branstad Thinks He Doesn't Use E-mail
GPS may have told man to drive off Indiana bridge: cops
Autofill error leads to disclosure of world leaders' personal data
Black and Latina female scientists sometimes mistaken for janitors
Lame Singapore Narcs Turn in Smart-Aleck Teen Over YouTube Diatribe
Impatient ISIS Supporters Can't Wait For Another Beheading Video
Men dressed as women tried to force way onto Army base
Woman accused of stabbing Akron boyfriend because he ate all their salsa
Minorities Deserve Safe Spaces Without White People
Black and Latina women scientists sometimes mistaken for janitors
Men dressed as women tried to force way into Army base
No Indian Study Links Cigarettes With Cancer, Says BJP Chief of Parliamentary Committee
Selfies Taken At East Village Blast Site Draw Harsh Criticism Online
NSA: We were just about to stop spying on everyone before Snowden spoke out
Registered blind man reported to benefits staff after hitting 180 in darts
Daily Apple Not Associated With Reduced Doctor Use
Sunny leone mms leak
Supreme Court may hear case on school barring American flag shirts on Cinco de Mayo
Federal Agents Investigating Bitcoin Money Laundering Extorted, Stole Over $1 Million In Bitcoin
After uproar, Utah restaurant alters statue's genitalia
Cumbria tells artist Oscar Santillan: give us back the top of Scafell Pike
Driver follows GPS off bridge ramp; wife dies
Groom tries to 'drown himself after seeing ugly bride for the first time'
Indiana Governor Stunned By How Many People Seem to Have Gay Friends
Groom Tries To Drown Himself After Meeting 'Ugly' Arranged Marriage Bride For First Time
Blind man faces investigation after darts success.
Indiana state lawmaker accuses GOP member's 18-month old son of racism
Police: Driver steps out of car to punch UT student trying to yield the right-of-way to her
Man killed by falling headstone while decorating family grave
Mike Dick, serial flasher, arrested for masturbating near Tickle Creek
FOX News Compares Gays to Nazis to Justify Indiana's Bigoted Law
Suspected car thief loses pants during wild chase
Four-Year-Old Takes 3 AM Bus Alone to Obtain a Slushie in Philadelphia
Country radio stations ban straight love song for being "too gay"
Attorney General Reportedly Moving To Block 'Death Penalty For Gays' Ballot Initiative
Lawmaker Calls Colleague's 18-Month-Old Toddler a Racist
Falcons fined, lose draft pick for using fake crowd noise
UK schools threaten to report parents who let their kids play 18+ games
2015's 'Name of the Year' contenders include Cherries Waffles Tennis, Dr. Data Longjohn
Sununu: Obama 'just inciting some chatter' with Kenya trip
Beauty Pageant Forces College Girls to Twerk for Prestigious Internship
Helen Mirren Loves Vin Diesel and Wants to Play a Villain in a 'Fast and Furious' Movie
Investors flee market at crisis-level pace
Serial dad Mike Holpin has over 40 kids and plans to have more: 'If a woman's ugly, just do it doggy-style'
Michigan Muslim Man Finds Stranger Buried Next to Wife, Again
'Atomic chicken-wire' is key to faster DNA sequencing
DRONE STEALS MANS DOG IN PARK AS MAN STANDS HELPLESS - DOG STILL MISSING - POLICE BAFFLED
African Americans are largest minority demographic for ABC's 'Fresh Off The Boat'
2 former federal agents charged with stealing Bitcoin during Silk Road probe
Maybe The Best Way To Stop All This Swatting Is To Have Fewer SWAT Teams?
Man Arrives In Philly After He's Accidentally Invited To Bachelor Party
Inaugural Virgin Atlantic flight cancelled after foam mistakingly sprayed instead of water during "water canon salute" by fire crews clogging engines and many vital components.
The systemd Project Forks the Linux Kernel
Chinese Court Jails Muslim for 6 Years for Growing Beard, Wife Gets 2 Years for Wearing Veil
Obama's going to Kenya - and some Republicans detect a hidden agenda
NSA FAILS TO PREVENT CROSSDRESSERS FROM INVADING HEADQUARTERS DESPITE MASS SURVEILLANCE
Driver following GPS drives off demolished bridge, wife killed
Put cut-up onions in your sock when you sleep for health benefits
Teens Get Jaywalking Ticket in ER After de Blasio Crackdown (x-post /r/NYC)
Did NZ beef cause AFL stars to fail drugs test? - National News
Mass exorcism of schoolkids leaves many in hysterics as priest attempts to 'banish the Devil'
Hacker Group Anonymous Threatens Israel With 'Electronic Holocaust'
Woman caught on CCTV performing drunken BJ blew right to privacy
Pack of Stray Dogs Stand Guard at Animal Lover's Funeral
Blogger hacked to death by 3 men in Bangladesh
Bull Statue Loses Genitals
Senator/Physician Moves to Repeal Law Inspired by His Patient's Death
Even Christian Bookstores Have Had It With Fake Testimonials About Heaven
Indiana May Have Accidentally Legalized Pot With Anti-LGBT Bill
Reds debut room for nursing moms
Jack Nicholson and Other Celebs Had Tunnels From Their Homes to the Playboy Mansion
One man dead, one injured after shooting at NSA headquarters
Florida hotel blasts The Lion King theme as spring break wake-up call
Rubio announces his next announcement is April 13
Rayne man escapes with six sacks of stolen crawfish in trunk of Camaro, authorities say
Shopping for a Yacht? New York Budget Offers a Tax Break
CONNECTICUT TO BOYCOTT INDIANA OVER RFRA, FORGETS IT HAS ITS OWN
New spa-like abortion clinic is part of a trend to de-stigmatize the procedure
Two Men Imprisoned For Homophobic Murders Just Married Each Other In Prison
Britain's first same-sex wedding behind bars: 'Gay-bashing' murderer and pedophile get married in prison
Primary school hires dog as teacher
Wanna be a Superhero? Get Night Vision Injected in Your Eyeballs
More than 300 chinchillas removed from Southeastern Wisconsin home
Man decorating family grave is killed by falling headstone
Glowing Tampons Help Detect Sewage Leaks
Eww! Glow-in-the-Dark Tampons Track Sewage Pollution in Rivers
Inaugural Manchester to Atlanta flight grounded when firefighters spray aircraft with foam instead of water
Church Of Marijuana Gets Boost From Indiana's Anti-Gay 'Religious Freedom' Bill
Here are four photos of George W. Bush being totally AWESOME
Fluorescent tampons help researchers locate river pollution
The First Church of Cannabis was approved after Indiana's religious freedom law was passed
Los Frikis: The Cuban Punk Kids Who Gave Themselves HIV As An Act Of Rebellion
Pentagon Personnel Are Now Talking On 'NSA-Proof' Smartphone
China hands Muslim man six-year prison sentence for growing a beard
Con Man Creates Fake Website From Prison, Emails His Way to Freedom
Anglo Saxon remedy kills hospital superbug MRSA
PENTAGON PERSONNEL NOW TALKING ON 'NSA-PROOF' SMARTPHONES
Người luôn cần anh đó chính là em !
Tangerang gets high from marijuana fumes when Indonesian police burn three-ton pile
Wendy's employee was refused a restroom break and forced to continue working after urinating herself
Whoops: Indiana's anti-gay 'religious freedom' act opens the door for the First Church of Cannabis
Glow in the dark tampons identify sewage pollution in rivers
Did Biden Tell America's Jews to Leave?
Anh bút chì Hồng Minh Ca nhạc thiếu nhi
JSO: Man shot in the foot after staring contest at gas station
Man decorating a relative's grave for Easter, has been killed after a headstone fell on him.
Britain First leader Paul Golding quits party after outing himself as muslim
State Police: Troy cop said he tipped off drug raid for 'ass'
Former Polish anti-corruption boss jailed for abuse of power
Inquiry of Silk Road Website Spurred Agents' Own Illegal Acts, Officials Say
Cleopatra the tortoise gets a 3D-printed shell
Former Federal Agents Tasked with Investigating Silk Road Charged With Bitcoin Money Laundering and Wire Fraud
Liberia Urges Ebola Survivors to Stop Having Sex
Suspended Poole Town Manager Watches His Team Play from Attic Window
Turkey experiences widespread power outages during elections, blamed on cats
DEA warns that legal pot can lead to stoned rabbit attacks.
Obama: "What If We Carried Ourselves More Like Ted Kennedy?"
Health teacher charged with selling heroin
Ultra-thin models could face jail
Underweight models could go to prison under French proposals
No Land Tax party unsure if Bega election candidate is still alive
Manchester Airport: Virgin Atlantic flight VA109 cancelled after botched water cannon salute sees plane doused in FOAM
Britney Spears 101 Offers Feminist Take on Pop Star's Life
Falling window hits woman in London's Tooley Street
Russell Crowe reveals Michael Jackson prank called him for three years
Cops Raid Elderly Couple Looking For A Meth Lab and Guns- Find Only Quilting Supplies
Woman Stabs Boyfriend For Eating Too Much Salsa: Cops
Glow-in-the-Dark Tampons Track Sewage Leaks in Rivers
Elderly New York Couple's Home Raided By Cops Looking For A Meth Lab - They Found Quilting Supplies
Greece to turn to Russia for economic help
Indiana Lawmakers Admit "No Gays" Signs Will be Allowed
Atlanta Falcons fined for using fake crowd noise, lose 2016 draft pick
Wayne Mitchell Dies After Eating Cocaine Hidden In Brother's Butt; Deangelo Mitchell Charged In Death
Mexican policeman suspended over crocodile shooting
'I Abhor Discrimination': Gov. Pence Pins Need for Indiana Religious Freedom Law on Obamacare
AC Milan announce bizarre collaboration with Hello Kitty
Man Killed When Mother-In-Law's Gravestone Falls On Him
Italian grandmother causes illness with cocoa expired in 1990
Canada Man Who Heckles Junior Hockey Games Has No Regrets
Ban on Gay Marriage Upheld in Kentucky, as it's not biased, because neither a straight or gay person can officiate a gay wedding.
Elderly Couple Looking For A Meth Lab and Guns- Find Only Quilting Supplies
Paedophile and man jailed for gay hate killing marry in prison
Mother-in-law's tombstone topples on Pennsylvania man, killing him
Little boy loses it when he meets his heroes -- the garbage men!
DEA warns Utah lawmakers that legal pot could lead to stoned rabbit attacks.
Man Killed By Mother-In-Law's Gravestone
A fatal wrong turn suspected at NSA
Reddit user's photos show 'breathtaking' Saskatchewan sights
Town actually tells people to stop pooping on its bike path
Glowing tampons help detect sewage leak
Benches clear in a spring training game because of a simple strikeout
NSA shooting suspects were partying, cross-dressing prostitutes
I feel like a princess after sleeping with a 1000 men - 80-year-old grannie
Elementary school newspaper takes shot at Cam Newton
Alleged terrorist almost killed himself with poisoned samosas six weeks before planned Canada Day attack
Woman charged with stabbing boyfriend after salsa argument
Scientific research proves that bacon extends your lifespan.
A 'Selfie Shoe' has just been released and we hate it (but secretly want it)
All 40 Runners Fail at 100-Mile Tennessee Mountain Race
Woman Allegedly Stabs Boyfriend for Eating All the Salsa
Alabama lawmaker tries to repeal law named after patient who died in his care
Peterborough mom faces online threats after Facebook circumcision post
Indian girl born with elephant's 'trunk' hailed as Hindu god
Thrown bagels during MSU celebration lead to arrests
Study: 'Exploding head syndrome' has students sleepless at Washington State University
A wild rhino wreaks havoc in a town in Nepal
Study: Direct Evidence That Global Warming Causes More Global Warming
Predator Vendor Dies From Heart Attack
WSU study: 'Exploding head syndrome' more common than once thought
'Kim Jong-un' Gets Hammered, Makes out with 30-40 Girls at Hong Kong Sevens
Former CFO Adam Smith, Who Slammed Chick-Fil-A, Lives on Food Stamps in an RV
In Rarest of Cases, Baby Born Without a Nose
Proposed bill in Alabama legislature would allow minors to have handguns
Abandoned 1960's briefcase reveals German Businessman's Affairs.
Jobless 29-year-old has fifteenth child by ten different mothers
Journals found in an abandoned briefcase reveal affair of Sixties businessman with his secretary
Swinger who died in swimming pool at Jame Bond-themed sex party in ₤3million gated Home Counties mansion "had severely dented his bottle of Jack Daniels"
Justice Department sues Southeastern Oklahoma State University for firing transgender teacher
Reds open nursing suite to help breast-feeding moms at the ballpark
Lexington woman being strangled with bra fights off attacker with ceramic chicken
New York Lawmakers Carve Out Sales-Tax Exemption for Struggling Yacht Buyers
Orange County man breaks into ex's home, defecates on belongings
Insanity. I have to sign a permission slip so my middle-schooler can eat an Oreo
Proposed bill in Alabama legislature would allow minors to have
Ohio Woman Stabbed Boyfriend Because He Ate All the Salsa, Police Say
'Kidnapper' demands apology for accusing Denise Huskins of making up abduction
Proposed bill in Alabama legislature would allow minors to legally own and carry a handgun.
Robbers set up fake road blocks, then attack drivers on Chicago's South Side
Amazon launches Home Services to sell everything from an oil change to piano lessons
Arizona enacts law requiring doctors to tell patients abortions can be reversed
Atlanta Falcons fined, docked draft pick for using fake crowd noise
Steer on the run near UK campus lassoed by member of university's rodeo team
Unwanted US Junk Cars Sustain A Microeconomy In Guatemala
Lawmaker: If There Are Witnesses to Rape Then it Was a 'Really Great Party'
GPS Directs Couple Onto Closed Bridge, Killing both, Police Say
Arkansas Baseball Fan Tries to Catch Home Run Ball...With a Visor
PA Man turned mom's day care center into heroin den
Seven Ways To Fight PMS
Banana peel hits comedian Dave Chappelle on New Mexico stage
Russian Schoolchildren Invited to Spend Holidays in North Korean Camps
San Francisco prison guards allegedly forced inmates into 'Game of Thrones' fight club
Naked man crashes through closed van window in crazed rampage
E-mail autofill blunder leaks personal details of G20 world leaders
Monsanto donates $4M in effort to save monarch butterflies
Nigerian President Goodluck loses re-election
Iran militia chief: Destroying Israel is 'nonnegotiable'
Entire City Gets High After Indonesian Police Burn Three Tons of Confiscated Marijuana
Exclusive: Cablevision to make $1 offer for New York Daily News
Governor Cuomo Bans Non-Essential State Travel to Indiana
UK school group threatens to call police on kids playing adult games
More Americans Are Learning to Love Beer That Actually Tastes Like Something
NASCAR decries Indiana anti-gay law (x-post r/news).
Russian analyst urges nuclear attack on Yellowstone National Park and San Andreas fault line
Utah man arrested after damaging over 30 headstones so dead could be 'resurrected'
Ariz. woman flashes kids at bar mitzvah, lets boys fondle new breast implants: cops
If Drones Make You Nervous, Think Of Them As Flying Donkeys
To Beef Up Beef Ban Indian Police Collect Cow Mug Shots, Mull Cattle I.D. Cards
75% of Ferguson Citizens Have Arrest Warrant
Police: Man topples, destroys Payson headstones to help the dead rise
Convicted murderers become first gay couple to marry in prison
Police: Man damages headstones so friends can be resurrected
David Cameron reveals he is related to Kim Kardashian
Three Pennsylvania men charged with using day care center to sell heroin
Man Sentenced To 30 Days In Jail For Raising $42 Donated To Homeless Charity
The decline of B&Q is a hammer blow for lesbians
Cablevision to make $1 offer for New York Daily News
Kentucky: Gay marriage ban not biased, applies to everyone
THE LAVATORY (Short) is live @ The Audience Awards
Women stabs her boyfriend for eating all the salsa
Ohio Woman Stabs Boyfriend For Eating All The Salsa | WBNS-10TV Columbus, Ohio
High Point suspect admits stealing $6K, says she's 'semi-innocent' of theft charges
US man tending to gravestone dies when it falls on him
Female tech workers raised money to buy a full-page newspaper ad thanking Ellen Pao
Dress-wearing man killed by NSA police had lengthy record
Blind man faces benefits investigation after darts success
Jeremy Clarkson joins Guardian drive for fossil fuel divestment
Cow gets loose on on University of Kentucky campus; lassoed by University Rodeo team
42 Statements Made By Ted Cruz Were Fact-Checked - The Only One That Was True Was About Toilets
Winnipeg youth centre criticized after 'cry baby' award given to boy
Two homophobic murderers got married in UK's first gay prison wedding
Woman hid in a dumpster then jumped out and stole a car with an infant in the back seat!
Hamster decapitation video prompts Mississippi university student to leave school
The Queen of Englanfm the richest woman in the world, is facing industrial action for 'appalling' low pay that she gives her workers and terrible allowances
Man stripped naked, climbed onto speed camera van
Indiana's Pence looks for 'fix,' blames Obamacare
The Queen of England, the richest woman in the world, is facing industrial action for 'appalling' low pay that she gives her workers and terrible allowances.
'Thanks Ellen' ad runs in Palo Alto newspaper
TSA agrees to stop racially profiling Black women's hair
Kanye West has started a petition to headline every festival in the world
Blind Darts Player Investigated for Benefit Fraud Because He's So Good at Darts
Illinois Bike Path Installs Signs Asking Joggers to "Stop Pooping" Along Trail
Woman stabs boyfriend twice for eating all the salsa.
Tucson inventor's fight over Spider-Man toy lands before Supreme Court
Blind man investigated for benefits fraud after star performance during charity darts match
Gary Dahl, Inventor of the Pet Rock, Dies at 78
After Zayn Malik Leaves One Direction, Heartbroken Fans Ask for Time Off of Work
New Mexico man arrested after throwing banana peel at Dave Chappelle
VT Acknowledges Armenian Genocide with a Turkish Cultural Event
Abducted child set free after annoying his kidnapper by SINGING gospel songs
Phillies To Start Serving Hard Liquor And Wine To Fans
Indiana Religious Freedom Law Breeds First Church of Cannabis
Woman stabbed boyfriend after argument about about him eating all the salsa.
Woman accused of stabbing boyfriend for eating all the salsa
Welcome to /r/NotTheOnion, presented by BuzzFeed!
Shirt swap promotion aims to eradicate Syracuse, Villanova T-shirts from Georgetown campus
Woman stabs boyfriend over argument about him eating all the salsa.
Man In Thailand Can't Decide Between Pretty Twins So He Marries Them Both
Gift Wallet - Get free gift card, awsome reward and make money
ISIS Wants a Truce
Avoiding Popular Songs Somehow Accomplishment For Local Man
Is Barack Obama's head on MARS? UFO experts claim to have spotted rock resembling the President in rover image
David Cameron claims he's Kim Kardashian's '13th cousin'
How Activated Carbon Filters Work
India: Police enforce beef ban with cow 'mugshots'
Teacher who signed sex slave contract with girl banned from teaching
Naked man gyrates in front of speed camera
Man Killed When Mother-in-Law's Tombstone Falls on Him
China Aims To Double Doctor Numbers As Cure For Health
Scientist concocts a truly horrifying plan for contacting extraterrestrial life
City posts signs to deter joggers from "pooping" on the trail
Teen suspect who died after Roswell police chase was heart recipient
Russian Soldiers Have Given Up Pretending They Are Not Fighting In Ukraine
Louis Vuitton Sunglasses Cheap For Sale
Condor Ferries released a new hugely cringe worthy safety video.
BSF should stop smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh so that people there don't eat beef: Rajnath
Man's heart damaged after swallowing razor blade lodged in bread
Woman asks Police Officer if she can bring her weed in the Police car
Germanwings Insurers Set Aside $300 Million for Crash
Grandmother poisons her entire family with chocolate that went out of date 25 years ago
New Political Force in Victorian Upper House as Shooter's and Fisher's merge with the Australian Sex Party to create "The Sex Pistols"
National Gallery of Australia launches its first ever naked art tour
Urban ants 'enjoy junk food diet'
Putin wins France's election
Doctors allegedly offered free shoes in $7M plot to defraud Medicaid
Chinese artists representing Kenya at the Venice Biennale Exhibitions
'It's a joke:' would-be samurai armour owner is armourless
Couple Offers $60 Cuddle Session for 'Touch-Deprived' Strangers
Apple Bashes Indiana - But Promotes Business in Countries That Execute Gays
When a volleyball player was benched, her parents sued
Britain First leader Paul Golding quits party after accidentally calling himself muslim
Winnipeg plans to gas problem gophers with 'Giant Destroyer'
Man takes Pizza Hut to court over 'excessively hard crouton'
Christopher Walken joins Kevin Spacey for man-trapped-in-body-of-a-cat movie
Saudi man hospitalised with shoe heel lodged in his head after dispute with wife
Driver follows GPS off demolished bridge, killing wife, police say
Willie Nelson to launch Willie's Reserve, his own brand of weed
Kyra Zagorsky of Helix Loves Guac -- Who Knew?!
Philadelphia transit system won't appeal order to allow Hitler bus ads
Liberty University students faced $10 fine if they skipped Ted Cruz presidential speech
IKEA Issues KÄT: The World's First Cat-Proof Sofa
POLICE: FIGHT OVER $500 LOTTERY WIN LED TO MURDER-SUICIDE
CERN researchers confirm existence of the Force
Woman Fends Off Bra Strangler Using Ceramic Chicken
Blogger is contacted by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement after putting up a Google Plus post critical of Gov. Rick Scott.
Levi's now selling denim napkins
Kentucky governor defends gay marriage ban: Straight men can't marry each other, either
German Cannibal Cop Kills Man Who Wanted To Be Eaten
Woman dumps her boyfriend for April Fools' Day joke and he agrees they should break up
Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson has an insanely ambitious plan to bring huge Zeppelins back to the skies
World's oldest person dies
Seven refugees nearly drowned in melted chocolate while trying to smuggle into UK
Troubled Ga. teen who received controversial heart transplant dead after crime spree ends in fatal wreck: cops
Parents claim college student died over McDonald's breakfast
VA forces man to get xray to prove he's an amputee
Sweden's continues its ban on dancing
State Senator sues 18 year-old Pizza Delivery boy for $14,836 after GPS took him to the wrong house.
Indiana Pizzeria Vows To Never Deliver A Pizza To A Gay Wedding
Cards Against Humanity starts scholarship for women in science
First Michiana business to publicly deny same-sex service - We're not discriminating against anyone, that's just our belief and anyone has the right to believe in anything
easyJet and Kanye West Announce U.S. Partnership, Re-Brand as "yeezyJet"
Siblings Quietly Relieved Oldest Brother Setting Bar So Low
Woman 'stabbed her boyfriend' after he ate all the salsa
Dean sues pizza delivery guy for $14,836
Kentucky Gov. claims ban on gay marriage isn't discriminatory because it bars both gay and straight people from same-sex unions.
Wildlife expert tells Genevans hazing best way to keep coyotes away
Mafia used capsized cruise ship to 'smuggle drugs'
Mafia used capsized cruise ship to 'smuggle drugs' (x-post r/mafia)
Follow-Up: NSA Incident Was Fatal Misunderstanding
Deputy: Volusia woman asks to bring 'weed' along for patrol car ride
Google Street View flasher from Port Pirie reported for exposing breasts to camera car
Kentucky Gov. claims their anti-gay marriage ban isn't discriminatory because all people, whether gay or straight, are free to marry the opposite sex.
Hooray! Arizona Confirms That Cows Are Indeed Animals
Man Killed When Cemetery Headstone Falls on Him
Amazon's Dash button--Not an April Fools' joke
New passenger screening system checks body cavities
Ole Miss Phi Delt Allegedly Seen Biting off Hamster's Head Removed from Frat
Woman Wildly Beaten For Sitting On Hamburger, Graphic Video Shows Best Friends Turn On Her [Video]
Hitler ads from pro-Israel group begin running on Philadelphia transit buses
VA Forces Vet to Get X-Ray to Prove His Leg Is Missing
Not April fools... Texas may cut HIV funds to boost abstinence education
Two men responsible for killing gays get married in UK's first prison gay marriage.
What It's Like To Have Your Family Targeted by ShesAHomewrecker.com
TEXAS MEASURE CUTS HIV FUNDS, BOOST ABSTINENCE EDUCATION
Republicans Tire Of Telling Americans Obama Isn't Really President, Decide To Inform The U.N. Instead
Convicted homophobic killers become UK's first gay couple to marry in prison
Man Killed by Mother-in-Law's Toppling Tombstone
Man Who Mugged Pregnant Woman in Greenwich Village Previously Arrested for Drinking Four Loko
North Korea launches e-commerce services
Man Who Mugged Pregnant Woman Previously Arrested for Drinking Four Loko
Woman fends off bra strangler with a ceramic chicken
Kentucky: Our Same-Sex Marriage Ban Isn't Anti-Gay Because It Applies To Straight People, Too
Man Filmed Screaming At Immigrant Cab Driver ID'd As NYPD Terror Detective
Rapper served legal papers at his own sneaker release party.
Fraternity pledge murdered for forgetting to bring his brothers McDonald's
Indiana Pizza Restaurant Says It Wouldn't Cater a Gay Wedding, Supports Religious Freedom Law
Kim Kardashian Killed By Kanye In April Fools Day 'Prank'
Anthony Stokes, Teen Who Got Heart Transplant, Dies in Car Chase
Scientists find remains of big salamander-like creature
'Exploding Head Syndrome' Surprisingly Common Among Young People
Commissioner Bush announces agencywide ban on Comic Sans
Madame Tussauds Hires Tissue Attendants for Distraught One Direction/Zayn Malik Fans
DPS trooper required to get counseling for posing with Snoop Dogg.
Napa Winery Owner Executes Investor
Priceline Agrees To Give Refund After Baby Rents Minivan
St. Cloud State professor charged with smuggling ivory, rhinoceros...
India police seek cow 'mugshots' to enforce beef ban
Kentucky Governor: Marriage ban not discrimination, straights can't marry the same sex either
Activists Stop Paying Their Student Loans
Philosophy professor charged with smuggling ivory, rhinoceros horns
Syrian Journey: Choose your own escape route
Texas DPS officer forced to take counseling for posing with Snoop Dogg at SXSW
Atlanta teen who received controversial heart transplant dies in chase with police
Teen Hero Turns The Tables On College Admissions And Rejects Her Rejection Letter
Woman dies in fiery crash after husband drives car off bridge
One dead after driver follows GPS off partially-demolished bridge
Fired Pharmacist with Needle Phobia Wins $2.6 Million Verdict
Teen writes rejection of college rejection letter
Video games linked to better behaviour
Mr. Ding-A-Ling stalking charges dropped in Albany-area ice cream turf war
Too many Asians? NY Dem lawmaker explores segregating public housing by race
Purported Vallejo kidnappers demand apology from police
David Cameron Says He Is Related To Kim Kardashian
We're not a 'politically correct circle-jerk': UC Confessions Facebook page defend actions after racist post
Haverfordwest to honour local boy Christian Bale with 12ft Batman statue in town centre
Michele Bachmann Compares Obama To Andreas Lubitz, Pilot Who Downed Germanwings Airliner
UK Party Leaders choose podium heights so they don't look too short in the election debate.
'Mob' Detains, Threatens Photographers Because Single Adults Are Probably All Pedophiles
Sweden upholds "Footloose" style ban on dancing.
STUDENT FILM CREW PROMISES TO BE OUT OF THE WAY IN 5 MINUTES
Born without a nose: Baby Eli is 'perfect as is,' his parents say
Gay Kentucky basketball player comes out at a game, gets chased by opposing team
(April Fools Special!) Cost-Cutting Measures Force Company To Start Hiring More Female Employees
Walmart Vows To Defend Whichever Gays Buy Their Cheap Shit
Second suspect jailed in deadly butt lift case
Women Stabs Boyfriend In Groin For Eating All Her Salsa
Michele Bachmann Compares Obama To Germanwings Pilot On Facebook
April Fools' Day prank gone wrong burns Michigan apartment
7 Mind-Expanding John Lennon Quotes
Army drones to deliver 3D printed pizzas to forward operating bases | Article | The United States Army
Coors To Brew 'Energy Beer'
'Church of Cannabis' approved under Indiana religious freedom law
Police: GPS may have told couple to drive off Cline Avenue bridge
Parents of missing Mexican students appeal to local drug gang for help
Wonder Woman's Invisible Jet Now on Display | AirSpace
Arizona orders doctors to misleadingly tell women abortions may be reversible
Conservationists Attempting To Get Head Start On Mars
North Carolina Child Welfare Worker Who Abused Kids Under Her Care Gets Only 17 Months
Member of Iceland's Parliament Posts Picture of Breast Online to "Fight Patriarchy"
Girl born with 'elephant trunk' deformity is worshipped like a god in India - face is divided in two
Pet Rock inventor, Gary Dahl, dies at age 78
Tajikistan state TV says prostitutes are wearing hijabs to drive up prices
Ariana Grande is Live streaming
Michelle Bachmann compares Obama to Germanwings pilot
Is this '160-year-old' Ethiopian man the world's oldest ever person?
Bachmann compares Obama to Germanwings pilot
Naked art lovers tour National Gallery of Australia in after-hours, adult-only viewing of James Turrell exhibition
11 things your labor and delivery nurse wants you to know but won't tell you.
Man, invited to the wrong bachelor party, attends anyway
Tennessee legislature strips local governments of power to ban guns in parks
Yanis Varoufakis: "Greece Will Adopt the Bitcoin If Eurogroup Doesn't Give Us a Deal"
Amtrak Makes 'Down' Escalator at Penn Station Go Up
Chicago teens arrested for child porn after group sex video posted on Twitter
14-year-old charged with prostitution
Geno Auriemma Says Men's College Basketball Is A Joke, Forgets He Coaches Women's Basketball
Teen rejects college rejection in viral letter to Duke University
fake ray ban wayfarer,fake ray bans,ray ban sunglasses,ray bans uk
State Legislators Pushing Bills To Shield Police Officers From Their Own Body Camera Recordings
Switzerland Thinks John Kerry Is a Sexy Rock Star
Watauga Co. Board of Elections officials so excited to vote in their new Republican member, they forget to actually vote him in.
Teen who received heart transplant does running from police
Feds Are Counting On Matt Damon To Fix Our Transportation Nightmares
Ky: No one can marry same sex, ban not biased
Man Asks Permission to Rob House
Mayoral candidate critiziced for dressing in black face meets with Okla. NAACP President
Texas officer forced to take counseling for posing with Snoop Dogg at SXSW
Report: Texas DPS officer forced to take counseling for posing with Snoop Dogg at SXSW
Justin Beiber crashes Bugatti veyron and flees the scene
KETQUAXOSOWAP - XSMT - KQXSMT - Dự đoán kết quả xổ số miền trung...
12-year-old boy acted out scenes from Fifty Shades of Grey with girl in local park
Gay-Bashing Murderers Become First Same-Sex Couple To Marry in Prison
Chestermere residents decry mandatory use of clear garbage bags to check for recyclables
Holy Smoke - It's the First Church of Cannabis
Teen who got heart transplant dies in crash during chase
Teen who got heart transplant dies trying to flee from cops
Trevor's Noah, the expected replacement for Jon Stewart, is being investigated for anti-Semitic comments.
Nigerian prostitutes congratulate Buhari, declare nationwide free sex
Cuba fears 'tens of thousands' of US yachts
Small Wonder: Girl Born With An 'Elephant Trunk' Deformity Being Worshipped For Bearing Resemblance With Lord 'Ganesha'
'War camel' found in Austrian cellar
US Hopes Japan Navy Will Be More Active in Pacific
Conservationists Plan To Airlift 100 Rhinos To Save Them From Poaching
Student lost in the University of the West of England for five days.
Doctors tell Pope to eat less pasta and take a daily walk like his predecessor amid fears about his weight gain since he took office
Football Players Being Given Sexual Consent Training
India's IT plans hit by power cuts and monkeys
Cannibal cop caught after killing, preparing and eating willing participant receives 8 year jail sentence.
Son turns mother's daycare into heroin house at night
Would-be robber breaks leg, calls ambulance in Chiba
Brighton's young players to be trained in sexual consent
Man hanged for murder in 1941 to be pardoned
'Thou shalt not steal': Thief runs out on bill for Jesus tattoo
Why so many Russians like Stalin again
Dublin sink hole mystery: Tunnel to a 19th century brothel causes traffic chaos in city centre
Fervor over Portland airport carpet generates a second life
Arkansas man's kidney failure linked to too much iced tea
Bill bans fake guns - not real ones - near Tennessee schools
Lutheran Pastor Resigns After Sending Rape Threat To Local Blogger
So now the Memories Pizza asshats have a GoFundMe and it's raised 61k in 15 hours. Ugh...
Couple Arrested For Selling "Golden Tickets To Heaven" (x-post from r/floridaman)
Assumption Deputies: Corrections officer arrested after allowing inmate to leave van, buy drugs, but inmate escaped
Texas state trooper ordered to undergo counselling over Snoop Dogg photo
China proposes "modernizing outdated calendar system" with 8-day calendar week
No kidding: Delhi murder trail leads cops to goat
Tamil New Movie 2015 | Nesam Nesapaduthe | Latest Tamil Movies
Detroit's Next Hot Neighborhood Is An Industrial Necropolis With Great Potential
Woman arrested after crashing into New Orleans convention center early Thursday morning, making U-turn inside, driving out
'Poor N--ger Party' Printed on Wedding Photo-Booth Pictures: Report
Comcast leapfrogs Google Fiber with new 2Gbps internet service
Jewish Federation of Volusia and Flagler Counties gives out hams for Easter
Tesla Shares Get Late Boost On April Fool's Press Release
Indiana's Controversial "Religious Freedom" Act Just Unintentionally Legalized Marijuana
Cops: Man shows up high, with stolen gun to bail out girlfriend
Teen denied, then given transplant dies in police chase
Moths Fondly Remember Plant Species Where They Lost Their Virginity
Turkey Drops Julianne Moore From Tourism Campaign Due to 'Poor Acting'
Firm cancels Belgian Jewish kindergarten's insurance due to 'high risk' of anti-Semitic attack
North Carolina teen sends rejection letter to Duke University after being rejected
Man Playing With Cat Accidentally Shoots Self In Head At Park
Legally blind woman about to get her driver's license
Four-day work week for China should be heeded
Teen who said heart transplant gave him a 2nd chance at life dies in crash during police chase
Katy Perry accidentally leaks her own phone number
Arkansas man's kidney failure stemmed from too much iced tea
Kmart checkout isn't a toilet, ma'am.
Ark Project Is Using Kentucky's Religious Freedom Law to Sue the State
Teens Who Filmed Themselves Having Sex Charged as Child Pornographers 'To Send a Message'
Too much iced tea caused US man's kidney problems
Audi Japan debuts special edition A8 featuring a rice cooker: Exclusive only for Japan, The Audi A8 5.5
Indiana Pizza Place Deals Crushing Blow to the Zero Gay Couples Planning Pizza-Themed Weddings
Will Ferrell and Kristen Wiig Film Secret Lifetime Movie 'A Deadly Adoption'
Citing Plagiarism, Indian Journal Retracts Paper On Plagiarism
Tom Cotton To Gays Of America: At Least You're Not Living In Iran
Couple Arrested For Selling "Golden Tickets To Heaven" after being told to by Jesus
Cotton compares US to Iran, sees discrimination as unimportant: "I also think it's important that we have a sense of perspective about our priorities. In Iran they hang you for the crime of being gay."
Grandma Accidentally Poisons Family With Hot Cocoa That Expired 25 Years Ago
Clemson frat members killed pledge over McDonald's breakfast, victim's parents say
Senator says LGBTQ people in Indiana should be 'Thankful State Doesn't Execute Gays'
Intact Ottoman 'war camel' found in Austrian cellar
Candidate died in 2012, but his name might be on 2015 ballot
No charges in Snow Kone Joe vs. Mr. Ding-a-Ling ice cream fight
Activists Stop Paying Their Student Loan
Fervor over Portland, Oregon, airport carpet spurs new life
Georgia Inmate Beating Was on Facebook Before Guards Knew
Woman Offered Deputy Oral Sex In Exchange For Letting Her Go - Bartender had to call police on the 23yo woman last Friday after she allegedly got extremely intoxicated and began offering customers oral sex in exchange for money. Had been kicked out the same bar the week before for the same thing.
University suggests censoring speech in free speech tunnel to fight 'social injustice'
Korean man gets plastic surgery then goes on robbery spree
To Make The Playoffs, Hockey Teams Play Not To Win
High school teacher in Mexico beaten up by jealous wife in room full of students
Pig Loose in Burger King Bites at Least One
Canon EOS Rebel T5 18MP EF-S Digital SLR Camera
Second City's Cat Improv Class Attracts Gullible Chicagoans
Cops: Woman Pooped Inside Box At Kmart
Old airport carpet finds new fame in Portland, Oregon
Texas State Trooper Ordered to Get Counseling for Posing for a picture With Snoop Dogg
Armed Robber Uses BB Gun to Steal Cash from Whataburger
Menacing Pig Caught After Threatening Burger King Patrons
Kentucky Governor: Our Same-Sex Marriage Ban Isn't Anti-Gay Because It Applies To Straight People, Too
Senator Tom Cotton Says Critics Of Indiana & Arkansas Should Get 'Perspective,' Be Thankful States Don't Execute Gays
Audi Japan debuts special edition A8 featuring a rice cooker
Tom Cotton: Gays Should Consider Themselves Lucky They Aren't Being Hanged
Airbnb Opens For Business in Cuba
The Button Is Tearing Reddit Apart
3 KKK members - 2 state prison guards and a former co-worker - charged in plot to kill Northeast Florida inmate
Tom Cotton to gays: Get perspective. At least they don't hang you.
Pig harasses local Burger King
Whatever you do, don't click this button
Kim Jong Un Is Casting Women For His 'Pleasure Troupe'
Grandma knocks out bra-armed attacker with ceramic chicken, police say
Report: Carmelo Anthony afraid of getting injured on Knicks bench
Vietnam Dog Lovers Become Vigilantes to Stop Pets From Being Eaten
Sky Zone Scranton Leaves Some Walking Away With Sprains, Dislocations
Memories Pizza in Indiana Gets Thousands in Donations After Saying It Won't Cater Gay Wedding
Senator Says Critics Of Indiana Should Get 'Perspective,' Be Thankful State Doesn't Execute Gays
Goat Rentals Take Off In Seattle On First Day Of Amazon Home Services
Alleged Pekin home invader obeyed his mother
David Guettas New Song is fucking sexist
Memories Pizza In Indiana Receives Donations After Backlash Over Gay Weddings Stance
Ed Miliband Gets A Personality In Time For The Election
Murder trail leads cops to goat
Lawyer accused of leaving meth behind again in bank
GoFundMe account raises thousands for Memories Pizza
Tom Hanks' rapper son Chet Haze is threatening Howard Stern on Twitter
Tom Hanks' son Chet Haze threatens Howard Stern
Kentucky grandma thwarts attack with ceramic chicken
Jen Psaki: Yanukovich Fled Kiev, Lost Legitimacy; Hadi Fled Yemen, Remains President
Brigantine: Portable toilets on beach have to go
Chinese panda Lu Lu shoots to fame for record-breaking sex session at nearly EIGHT minutes long
First Baptist Dallas Pastor Robert Jeffress Blames 9/11 on America's Child-Killing Problem
Texas State Trooper Ordered to Get Counseling for Posing With Snoop Dogg
Qatar Forced A Bunch Of Migrant Workers To Run A Marathon
Slaves Forced to Run Marathon Shoeless in Qatar
Nevada brothel offers to host Sen. Harry Reid's retirement party
Texas Trooper Ordered To Undergo Counseling After Posing For Photo With Snoop Dogg
Patty Hearst wins with shih tzu at Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show 2015
Pig Chases Customers at Burger King
Man's Kidney Failure Attributed To Daily Gallon Of Iced Tea
NYC Terror Groupies Wanted to Be 'Bad Bitches' With Bombs
'Daily Show' disaster: How Trevor Noah picks on the powerless
Pennsylvania man uses chain saw to slay wife, then himself
The Obamacare Doomsday Cult Struggles to Adapt to World That Did Not End
Odor in the court! Bank heist suspect eats own feces on stand
Peace with Iran Could Limit Ability to Bomb It, Warns McCain
Boy born knowing that his father can in fact NOT take his nose
Apple wants you to be able to unlock your iPhone with a selfie
"Earth has shifted" Inuit Elders issue warning to NASA and the world
Woman Charged After Saying Dog Shot Boyfriend
Westminster dog show winner unaware he's owned by 70s heiress/kidnapping victim/robber Patty Hearst.
Short film/Music video about murdering Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson
The Boy Scouts Have Hired A Gay Camp Leader For The Very First Time
Real life '21 Jump Street' just happened in suburban Houston
UK politician cured his smartphone addiction by buying a BlackBerry
Indiana pizza shop that won't cater gay weddings to close
EasyJet passenger punched stewardess because he was 'waiting too long for sandwich'
Trucker carrying 80,000 pounds of wine arrested in upstate N.Y. for drunken driving
Canberra principal suspended after 'cage built for autistic student'
Bunny Ranch hiring 'quality control' testers
Nevada's Bunny Ranch brothel seeking paid 'quality' control testers
UConn women's Coach Geno Auriemma calls NCAA men's basketball 'a joke'
Man pleads guilty to ejaculating into co-worker's coffee
The Nevada Bunny Ranch will pay you to test-bang hookers
Twitter theory: Zayn Malik quit One Direction to join ISIS
Landlord Sends Man $1,200 Bill To Cleanup His Roommate's Blood, Who Was Shot Dead By Police
Miley Cyrus trolls senator on 'religious freedom' law
Mounds Police Not Allowed to Use Sirens
Mannequin that gives birth debuts at UA College of Medicine
Man establishes cannabis church after new Indiana law
Gronk isn't worried about football affecting his memory": 'I don't even know how I got to my hotel last night'
Nevada's Bunny Ranch brothel seeking paid testers
Grandmother accidentally poisons children with hot chocolate that expired 25 years ago
Vanilla Ice Takes Burglary Plea Deal
Cops Are Now Officially the Fattest Employees in America, Study Shows
Video: Man Tries to Burn EU flag but is Hamstrung by EU's Fire Safety Laws
Resurgence Of Vinyl Is Secret IKEA Conspiracy To Sell Storage Units, Claims Former Employee
Illinois Gov cuts Autism funding on World Autism Day
20 Years in Prison for Miscarrying? The Case of Purvi Patel & the Criminalization of Pregnancy
American police killed more people in March (111) than the entire UK police have killed since 1900
Congressman Introduces ACRONYM Act To Clean Up Bill Names
Cosmo: Black Women "R.I.P.", White Women "Gorgeous"
Netflix Might Pick Up Full House Sequel, Fuller House
L.A. School District To Pay $139 Million To Students Who Ate Teacher's Cum Cookies
Student government freezes school newspaper's budget over April Fools issue
Woman reported for flashing Google Street View car in South Australia
Starbucks Employee accuses customer of spying for China.
MSNBC: Governor Pence Must Be A Bigot, Because He 'Looks Like' One
Exploding head syndrome is common in college students
ISIS burns crates of United States-made "infidel chicken"
Thiết kế nhà phố 5 lầu
'Insulting' words crime which made it illegal to call a police horse 'gay' is to be changed
Caught red-handed: Woman who urinated in her in-laws tea for a YEAR found squatting over teapot by mother-in-law
Busting bride caught urinating in in-laws' tea
Kentucky: Same-sex marriage ban is fair because it applies to straights and gays
Convicted Gay-Bashing Murderers Tie The Knot In UK's First Same-Sex Prison Wedding
Drivers stuck in gridlock, then cited during police operation
Apple wants you to be able to unlock your iPhone with a selfie (AAPL)
'60 Cigarettes a Day Didn't Kill Someone I Know': Another BJP Lawmaker Defends Tobacco
Police leave note to say sorry for raiding wrong flat
Anh ơi ! Em muốn được làm vợ anh
The FBI Wants to Kill Encryption. Meanwhile, the Pentagon Buys New Crypto Phones
Whoops! dough machine spits out drugs at Aryzta plant
Honest officer removed from position for 45th time
Texas state trooper ordered to undergo counselling for posing for photo with Snoop Dogg
Woman who urinated in her in-laws tea for a YEAR found squatting over teapot by mother-in-law
Kilkenny girl is devastated her favourite field is being ploughed
Blaine man pleads guilty to ejaculating in co-worker's coffee
Indonesian Police Burn 3.3 Tons Of Cannabis And Accidentally Get A Whole Town High
Aliens have never tried to invade from space: Japan's defense minister
North Korea reportedly recruiting women to join 'pleasure squad' for Kim Jong Un
Tom Cotton: At Least Arkansas Doesn't 'Hang You For The Crime Of Being Gay'
Takisha Brown, IRS ethics office lawyer, disbarred for ethics violations
Takisha Brown, former IRS ethics office lawyer, disbarred by D.C. Court of Appeals
Fox Molding 'Play-Doh' Film With Paul Feig Circling
Dog hit by car, hammer and buried rises again
Texas trooper in trouble for posing with Snoop Dogg
Should more black people carry guns?
Shepherd Found Dead After Having Sex With Scarecrow Wearing Strap-On
Parents withdraw teen from school after spring break video shows him bite off hamster's head
Man eats nothing but Nutella for a week
Texas trooper takes the rap for posing with Snoop Dogg
Teenager Kills Brother And Himself Over Food
Woman Needs 250 Stitches After Water Park Fountain Rips Her Vagina
Monkeys 'hinder India internet drive'
Filipino devotees nailed to crosses in Good Friday rites
Women's networks to men: We want you!
Congressman Who Oversees Secret Service Was Rejected by Secret Service.
Woman 'punishes' her in-laws by peeing in their tea for a year
Arkansas man's kidney failure caused by too much iced tea
France bans skinny models
How Elf Rights Activists Are Influencing Iceland's Infrastructure
Maine Gov. Paul LePage Ends Town Hall After Former Lawmaker Throws Vaseline At Him
LePage town hall ends abruptly when ex-lawmaker reportedly throws 'jar of Vaseline'
Bad news for extremist hipsters
Police Filming Bill Likely Doomed Amid Opposition from Union
'Harry was actually a figment of Ron's imagination' admits J.K. Rowling
In Sunshine State, Big Energy Blocks Solar Power
Giant Pandas shatter world record for Panda sex
Shepherd found dead after having sex with scarecrow
Man dies having sex with a scarecrow which was wearing a six-inch strap-on penis
Porters planned after failure to install escalators at new Prague Metro station serving airport
Porters planned after failure to install escalators at new Metro station serving airport
Burger King has released burger-scented fragrance in Japan
Doctors' orders: Pope Francis told to lay off pasta, pizza after noticeable weight gain
Argentinian man dies during sex with scarecrow he strapped sex toy on
Town council candidate mistakes black federal judge for a maid
Wiccans say Indiana religious freedom law opens the door to polygamy, nude rituals at the Capitol
A Whopper of an idea: Burger King to sell Flame-Grilled Fragrance in Japan
White Candidate to Black Judge: "What Family Do You Work For?"
Belarus imposes fines for being unemployed
Elite Abortion Clinic Now Offers 'Sim Abortions' For Gay Men
Man missing at sea for 66 days says he survived on pancakes
Lincolnshire contest encourages you to hug a plumber
The English National Opera is planning an Opera based on the attacks on the Twin Towers
Wannabe rapper gets life in prison in New York murder case
Christian florist says she'd deny service to gay people, but not adulterers, because it's a "different kind of sin"
On Hitler's Birthday, US to Begin Openly Training Neo-Nazi Integrated Forces in Ukraine
Statue of Lucille Ball terrorizes small town
Ted Cruz's first campaign ad invokes 'the transformative love of Jesus Christ'
App Lets Gun Enthusiasts Track Down Gun Control Advocates' Home Addresses
Man died while having sex with scarecrow dressed in wig and lipstick
Ted Nugent Says 'Enemy' Obama Is Causing Veteran Suicides
No Job? Pay Up. Belarus Imposes Fines for Being Unemployed
Ted Nugent: Veterans Commit Suicide Because Obama Is President
Judge orders California to pay for inmate's sex change
Myles Fury Jury Top ten ranked UFC fighter and Tommy Chong of Cheech and Chong are both recipients of Hazel Park Michigan's key to the city.
Baby born with no nose is still 'perfect'
20th Century Fox is Developing a Play-Doh Movie
Lucille Ball fans want 'frightening' statue in star's hometown removed
Ted Nugent: Obama Is Causing Veteran Suicides
Woman thanks thieves for pimped out car
Rest easy Japan: No sign of space invaders
FBI Uncovers Another Of Its Own Plots, Senator Feinstein Responds By Saying We Should Censor The Internet
Panda Bear Becomes Internet Sensation In China For Sexual Prowess
17-year old rejects Duke's rejection letter
Mindy Kalig's Brother Admits He Faked Being Black to Get Into Med School and it Worked!
France Makes Employing Skinny Models a Crime
Homeless People Read Mean Tweets About Themselves To End Stereotypes
Indiana pizzeria raises $500,000 after saying it wouldn't cater a gay wedding
Pat Robertson: Gays Will Force Christians To Like Anal Sex And, Eventually, Polyamory And Bestiality
Florida Couple Arrested For Selling "Golden Tickets" to Heaven; Jesus Blamed
As toilets flush, Heidi Cruz hunts for votes
Pat Robertson: Gays Will Force You To Like Anal Sex, Bestiality
Missouri Republican Desires to Ban Meals Stamp Users from Purchasing Steak
Police Find Man Accused of Attempted Armed Robbery Hiding in Dryer
A Scientist successfully clones prehistoric owl. That owl proceeds to attack the scientist, plucking out both eyeballs. (Pics in article)
Texas police reportedly pose as high school students to bust drug ring
North Korea recruiting "Pleasure Squad" for Kim Jong-Un
Migrant Workers in Qatar forced to run marathon, many in jeans and flip-flops in order to break world record.
TSA Will Finally Stop Searching Black Women's Hair for No Reason
Tom Cotton Eats Birthday Cake Almost Every Day
Kim Jong-Un's "pleasure squad": North Korean dictator recruits harem of beautiful women to serve him
Woman thanks theives for pimped out car
Kim Jong-un Takes His Evil Dictatorship To The Next Level With 'Pleasure Squad'
Microbes scared to death by virus presence
Ohio State Introduces New Meal Plan Designed to Satisfy Nobody
Labourers wearing flip flops 'coerced' into running Qatar marathon
Ted Cruz's Wife Talks Up His 2016 Chances In An Iowa Women's Restroom
Weather Channel Now Mocking Other Channels For Too Much Fluff
Shepherd died 'while having sex with scarecrow dressed in wig and lipstick'
Israeli faked being 'kidnapped by Palestinians' to win back lost love
Monkeys Can't Stop Eating India's Delicious Fiber Optic Cables
Cat Food Linked to Slavery Ring
Man commits suicide at Universal Studios Hollywood
Julianne Moore Ad Campaign axed by Turkish tourism officials due to her 'Poor Acting'
OUCH: Jay Cutler autographed football gets 0 bids at charity auction
Man dies of self-inflicted gunshot wound at Universal Studios
Veteran commits suicide in VA parking lot
Man who spent 30 years on death row freed; thanks a Palestinian who lived over 2000 years ago for his release.
NYC board: High-rent-tenants-only gym may be discriminatory
Woman Thanks Thieves for 'Pimping Out My Vehicle'
Volleyball game on South China Sea island angers Beijing
Ted Cruz Campaign Now Canvassing Public Bathroom Stalls
Gay, Atheist Indiana Doctor: Does New Law Give Me The Right to Refuse Treatment on A**hole Christians?
Scientists: Psychedelic drugs 'safe as riding a bike or playing soccer'
Hacker News bans shallow cynicism
Man dies having sex with a scarecrow wearing a six-inch strap-on penis
Argentinian shepherd found dead 'after having sex with scarecrow he'd dressed up'
Man died after having sex with scarecrow he dressed in wig and strap-on toy
India steps up efforts to encourage use of toilets
Man found dead 'after having sex with scarecrow using strap-on toy'
Kids allowed sips of alcohol are more likely to drink in high school
Porn-addicted Disney employee masturbated in Walmart: report
Citizens of Jamestown, NY want scary Lucille Ball statue destroyed.
Investigation Confirms Scott Walker Bought A Sweater For Just $1
Georgia wants EV owners to pay for saving the planet
Fight Over Lottery Prize Ends In Murder-Suicide
Kim Jong-un Assembles New 'Pleasure Squad' of Young Women
This horribly written article successfully insults everyone.
The Russian Government Runs a Troll Agency to Flood the Internet With Propaganda
Man digs under house and finds 5,000-year-old underground city
Surprising Foods that Can Improve Your Sex Life
No One Bid On Jay Cutler's Autographed Football At A Charity Auction
Florida's unwed cohabitating couples can soon party like it's no longer 1868
US court finds school yoga does not violate religious freedom
In New Video, Congressman Explains Why His Fellow Lawmakers Couldn't Be Trusted With NSA Oversight
Qatar Forced Slaves To Run Marathon Shoeless
Hundreds Freed From Slavery After Associated Press Report, Associated Press Reports
North Korean Parents Eat Their Own Children After Being Driven Mad By Hunger
Autographed Jay Cutler football gets zero bids at Chicago auction
SWAT "tiptoed" into home to rescue Amber Alert baby (x-post from r/news)
Frat Members Killed Pledge Over McDonald's Breakfast
Porn sites must have age checks, say Conservatives
Man dies after sex with scarecrow
The rise of DIY dentistry: Britons doing their own fillings to avoid NHS bill
Yoga classes do not violate students' religious rights, Californian court rules
Vets: Dog hit by car, hit by hammer and buried -- rises again
Julianne Moore dropped from promotional film for Turkey's tourism board for 'poor acting'
Deadly Shooting Update: Deputy Thought He Pulled Taser Instead of Gun
Shellfish Suppression Act Takes on Yet Another "Monstrous Evil"
Appeals court: Yoga doesn't bend rules on religious freedom
Long daiquiri lines spark massive brawl inside Resorts World Casino
Police catch Easter bunny stuffed with meth
Deputies: Man caught masturbating in Kissimmee Walmart
Tesco wins £1.50 compensation over spilt milk
Crane falls over onto art museum, looks like art
India's IT plans suffer from power cuts, congestion - and monkeys
Des Peres motorist tells cop bluntly: 'I'm not gonna lie. I sell marijuana.'
Mindy Kaling's brother: I got into medical school by pretending to be black
Thug 'trying to have sex' in ambulance punched paramedic preparing to take 92-year-old to hospital
Kentucky grandmother fights off bra strangler with ceramic chicken
Town Asks Cyclysts to Stop Pooping on Bike Path
Sheriff: Criminals stealing trucks so they can steal walnut trees
Shark dies in fire accident in Sochi Arboretum
Couple arrested for selling golden tickets to heaven
Man walks 2,660-mile trails, takes selfie every mile to prove it.
Lamar, home of the Savages, defends mascot as culture wars rage
Owner Of Stolen Car Thanks Thieves For Making So Many Modifications To It
Really hot guy caught jacking off at Walmart
Man walks 2,660-mile trail, takes selfie every mile to prove it
Richard III is livetweeting his own funeral
Brother of Famous Actress Admits He Faked Being Black to Get Into Med School - and It Worked!
Black Chicago Men Start KKK Chapter, Cite Declining Culture
Student rescued after 2 days in closet
Man gets into med school by pretending to be black.
Mindy Kaling's Brother Pretended To Be Black To Get Into Med School
Kentucky superfan explains his blue glasses, tells ESPN reporter she's 'gorgeous'
Mother-in-Law's Gravestone Falls on Pennsylvania Man, Killing Him
Atlanta Teen Who Received Controversial Heart Transplant Dies After Carjacking, Police Pursuit
GOP Rep Pushes Abortion Restrictions That Would 'Have A Few More Little Taxpayers Born'
Missouri Republicans are trying to ban food stamp recipients from buying steak and seafood
Woman arrested for 'Facebook thugging'
Runaway Pig Has an Eventful Morning Terrorizing Customers at Burger King
Oregon man to Obama: 'Please come arrest me' for sending Edward Snowden bitcoin
Dog or Jewish Boyfriend? A Quiz
There is 2-12 Aliens species, and one of them is called the tall wave. Apollo Astronaut confirms.
New York hipsters are being encouraged to move to Detroit
Florida Woman Kicks Cop in Groin, Offers to Kiss the Boo-Boo
Woman thanks thieves for her 'pimped out' car
University of South Carolina student suspended for racist-slur photo blaming black people for poor WiFi
In tiny Celoron, an ugly Lucille Ball sculpture spurs huge debate
SOMEONE BUILT A GIANT MINECRAFT ROBOT THAT WALKS, FIRES MISSILES
Non-Japanese sumo wrestlers filling top ranks
Donegal (Ireland) publican takes out newspaper ad thanking people for NOT coming to his pub
Pier Approach works "an attraction in themselves", says councillor, as revamp overruns
Now nearly $800,000 richer, Indiana pizzeria co-owner is 'sad, very sad' for gays
Massive brawl at NYC casino over daiquiris
Texas trooper cited for Snoop Dogg photo, must attend counseling
ETs for Hillary: Why UFO Activists Are Excited About Another Clinton Presidency
Fargo's Red Raven Espresso Parlor bans lawmakers that voted against sexual orientation discrimination bill
Tom Cotton Eats Birthday Cake Almost Every Day : It's All Politics : NPR
So the Pentagon misplaced $45 billion in Afghanistan funds
Minnesota man who ejaculated into co-workers coffee over the period of 6 months pleads guilty to a lesser charge thanks to loophole
Woman in dock for rape for first time in Korea
Americans' incomes fall except for the rich
Football autographed by Jay Cutler receives zero bids at Chicago charity auction
Sheriff: Woman charged after reporting bank robbery as April Fools joke
Anti-gay "pastor" charged with stealing $150K...blames gays. No, really.
Columbia Students Think Paying For Drugs With Venmo Is Good Idea
Five Easter Show employees injured on 'super slide' amusement while ride was closed
Woman sentenced to 20 years in prison for suffering a miscarriage.
Cocaine instead of bananas found in Prague supermarket
Shane Morris leads Michigan's quarterback competition
Harrisburg driver gets second parking ticket in two months while paying at a street meter
Couple Arrested for Selling Tickets to Heaven
Researcher Wants More Fat People Having Sex On TV To Normalise Obesity [r/Newzealand repost]
Starbucks Exec Apologizes For Accusing Bay Area Man Of Being Chinese Spy Trying To Steal Trade Secrets
Rent the Chicken program expands to Toronto
Worst tinder message ever
DNA testing for dog feces on the rise in Seattle area
GOP "Abstinence Only" Rep Cassidy's Unwed Teen Daughter Is Pregnant.
Autographed Jay Cutler Football Goes Unsold at Auction
Rob Ford appointed to Hockey Hall of Fame board of directors
Mindy Kaling's brother rejected from 93% of medical schools he applied to as a Black man - cites it as evidence that Affirmative Action policies are wildly advantageous for Blacks
Time for more hot and heavy scenes on screen: academic
Lucy, what happened? Fans want 'ugly' Lucille Ball statue replaced [xpost /r/creepy]
UPDATE: NOAA Says No Action Expected Against Beachgoer Bitten By Seal In Sagaponack
Lucy, what happened? Fans want 'ugly' Lucille Ball statue replaced
DNA testing for dog poop on the rise in Seattle area
Time for more hot and heavy scenes on screen 'Fat people have really hot sex'
'Furious 7': Demand Prompts New York Theater to Stay Open All Night
Philadelphia Buses Flash Anti-Muslim Ads
Meter reader arrested depositing stolen coins while wearing uniform
Anti-gay "pastor" charged with stealing $150K...blames gays.
Cheap Korean Clothes Wholesale and Drop Ship from China, Shop Online Wholesale Clothes
'Mummified' body removed from San Francisco home
Chaos At Sacramento's World Record Egg Hunt Attempt
'Future Music' festival forced to shut down due to low ticket sales
Chinese docs behind 41 of 43 'fake' articles in British journal
Man says botched surgery left him with 'deformed' penis
Islamic State bans skinny jeans
US court says school yoga does not violate religious freedom
Colorado Dog Gets Prosthetics for All 4 Legs
Kansas Bans Poor People From Spending Welfare On Cruise Ships
Man Found Dead in the Arms of His Lover, a Scarecrow in a Wig
Walmart refuses to sell Ronda Rousey book because "she's too violent"
This entire article refers to this coming week's weather forecast in the past tense.
Girlfriend charged with murder after claiming dog shot boyfriend
Nun Stabs A 7-Year-Old To Teach Him About Jesus
Michael Bloomberg reportedly 'considering' running for mayor of London
Dream Lands Teen "Cop" Behind Bars After Stop For Ice Cream
Pandas breaks record with mating session of 18 minutes, broadcast online
Record-Attempt Egg Hunt Turns Rotten After Adults Interfere
'The Book of Yeezus' Bible Replaces Every Mention of God With Kanye West
TSA Says It Will Stop Touching So Many Black Women's Hair
Naked man's Dundee toy shop rampage
Virginia Couple Who Abused Kids Get Suspended Sentences Because Kids Weren't Physically Abused
Former Taunton school employee arrested in connection with naked workouts
The Cuddly, Fluffy, Surreal World of Angora Show Bunnies
Freeburg High School - Home of the Midgets
Oklahoma officer kills man after confusing gun with Taser, officials say
Pornhub develops 'Wankband' gadget that lets users charge phones by masturbating
Groom serves guests ketamine instead of powdered alcohol (xpost from /r/Drugs)
Sydney girls' school in shock after a 13 year old student committed suicide
Paramus Police Department Corrals 'Disorderly' Goat
Was 19th Century apewoman a yeti? 6ft 6in Russian serf who could outrun a horse was 'not human', according to DNA tests
Treating Saudi Arabian Jihadists With Art Therapy
Urban Ants Are Adapted To Junk Food
Kentucky Governor declares same-sex marriage ban non-discriminatory, as it prevents heterosexuals from getting same-sex marriages too.
The Most Florida News Story Ever
Miss. student posts video critical of coaches' actions towards female students, gets sued by school
Calgary cop facing suspension after rifle stolen from car
Aliens Are Enormous, Science Suggests
Student posts video critical of coaches' actions toward female students; gets suspended.
A Bunch Of Filipinos Celebrated Easter By Volunteering To Get Crucified
Poll: Americans Starting to Worry About Climate Change Now That It Affects Their Lawns
TSA Says It Will Stop Touching So Many Black Womans Hair
Oklahoma sheriff mistakes gun for Taser, fatally shoots suspect
USA Oklahoma sheriff mistakes gun for Taser, fatally shoots suspect
Qatar Workers Forced To Run Marathon Shoeless In Bid For World Record - See more at: http://yahoo.thepostgame.com/blog/heroes-villains/201504/workers-qatar-forced-run-marathon-shoeless-bid-guinness-world-record#sthash.IyXnyY7u.dpuf
Parents withdraw teen from college after spring break video shows him biting off hamster's head
Qatar Workers Forced To Run Marathon Shoeless In Bid For World Record
teenagers punches a paramedic after trying to have sex in an ambulance
Police intercept Easter Bunny stuffed with meth
Doorman fired from luxury building for being 'too nice' to tenants
Man dies during sex with scarecrow he dressed in lipstick and long-haired wig
Oklahoma Cop Mistakes Gun For Taser, Kills Innocent Man
Air India co-pilot beats up captain inside cockpit "The two had an argument. They have settled the issue"
Police: Man says DMX robbed him at Newark gas station
Microsoft drops 'do not track' browser default to reflect 'evolving industry standards'
Doorman at luxury New York highrise 'fired for being TOO NICE to residents'
Americans Starting to Worry About Climate Change Now That It Affects Their Lawns
You can't make this stuff up: Plagiarism guideline paper retracted for...plagiarism
Little Support for Power Line in Amish Community
Attempt to break the Easter egg hunt world record descends into chaos: Ugly scenes as adults 'push and trample crying toddlers'
Kids Left Crying, Parents Angry After Massive Egg-Hunt Near Sacramento Capitol
Little support for power line in Amish country
Police: Coach Opens Fire During Youth Basketball Game In Southwest Philadelphia
Breast milk sold online may be contaminated with cow milk
Was 19th Century apewoman a yeti?
Breast milk sold online may be contaminated with cow's milk
Attempt to smash world-record Easter egg hunt descends into chaos: Ugly scenes as adults 'take over and trample crying children to snap up candy for themselves'
John Oliver Interviews Edward Snowden About Dick Pic Surveillance
Co-pilot of Jaipur-Delhi Air India flight beats up captain after quarrel, both derostered: Report
Couple used their babies stroller to steal high priced bats
Judge Gives Teacher Who Had Sex With Student 30 Days, Calls Her 'Dangling Candy'
Army Diversity Training Features Slide About 'White Privilege'
Woman Turns Herself Into Easter Bunny Using Makeup And It's Terrifying
City calls family's front yard castle 'junk,' tells them to remove it
Vietnam should have complete booze ban instead of proposing a curfew
Jail the hipsters: ISIS threatens to imprison men caught wearing SKINNY JEANS, having music on their mobile phones or smoking
/r/DontBelieveMe is like a combination of /r/Conspiracy and /r/NotTheOnion, without any rules!
Death Note Musical to Premiere in Japan and South Korea 2015
Parents racially abuse AC Milan players during Under-10 match against PSG
Japan has China to thank for its cherry blossoms, says China
Court: NYC Woman Can Serve Divorce Papers Via Facebook.
Judge says Brooklyn woman can use Facebook to serve divorce papers
Turkey rejects Julianne Moore as tourism face over 'poor acting'
Cop Claims He Can't Remember Killing Two People After Climbing On Hood Of Car, Firing 15 Rounds
The NIH is spending $5 million to discourage hipsters from smoking
Man 'crashes car, gets naked and rampages through Toys R Us with cricket bat'
Jeb Bush identified himself as 'Hispanic' in 2009 form
Police find Easter bunny stuffed with $30K of Meth
Gang tattoo depicting crime leads to a murder conviction
This conservative group is tired of being accused of climate denial - and is fighting back
"Stop pooping on bike path" sign stolen in Illinois town.
Chinese Man Caught Out When 17 Of His Girlfriends Come To Visit In Hospital After Car Crash.
DNA testing for dog poop on the rise in the US
Gang Tattoo leads to murder conviction
Your baby is doing little physics experiments all the time, according to a new study
Edward Snowden Explains How The Government Can Get Your 'Dick Pic' During Interview With John Oliver
Police: Florida men try to steal honey, get attacked by 30,000 bees
Victim of cannibal agreed to be eaten
Judge rules NYC woman can file for divorce via Facebook
Cubs fans are forced to pee in cups at Wrigley Field
Beijing Ikea bans sleeping on furniture displays, customers continue to snooze with abandon
New York judge rules woman can serve divorce papers via Facebook message
Jeb Bush Self-Identified As Hispanic
There's a massive, illicit bust of Edward Snowden stuck to a war monument in Brooklyn
Police: Perham woman on bath salts stabs dog, claims it was 'demon possessed'
Law School Diversity Improves at Schools With Worst Job Outcomes
FALLING THROUGH THE EARTH FROM ONE SIDE TO THE OTHER JUST GOT FOUR MINUTES FASTER, THANKS TO PHYSICS.
Sea Lion pulls fish-holding man into San Diego bay
Seven members of Chinese family dead after attempt to save drowning girl
London's House of Lords Dining Room to Open to Plebs Pre-Election
Breast milk sold online might not be safe - or pure - study says
A Chinese man was caught out when 17 of his girlfriends turned up to see him in hospital after a car accident
Jeb Bush Listed Himself as 'Hispanic' on Voter Form
Ogden tells dad to take down his kids' cardboard castle because it's 'junk'
Naked man rampages through Toys R Us waving a cricket bat after 'ranting and raving' at staff
Intelligent Robots Must Uphold Human Rights
Jared Leto Shares Photo Of Himself On SUICIDE SQUAD Set Looking A 'Joker' Shade Of White
Woman sends husband divorce papers via Facebook
Woman has police search home for drugs, cops find stash and admits its hers.
Californians counter proposed 'Biblical' anti-gay law with 'Shellfish Suppression Act'.
Police impersonator busted while pulling over off-duty officer
Iowa City woman requests home search; police find pot inside
Mitt Romney Nailed His NCAA Bracket, Remains in the Top 1 Percent
Impaled by pole, former stripper finds her way home
(Misleading Title) Impaled by pole, former stripper finds her way home
Woman choked with bra fends off attacker with chicken
D.J. Rand Paul gets help with karaoke fundraisers
Microsoft reveals pilot project to hire people with autism
Police say Brighton tree ninja running amok with a blade again
French Parliament approves measure against anorexic models
Tom Brady declares he is no longer inept at giving high-fives
TSA Checklist Exposed: "Suspicious Signs" Include Throat Clearing, Whistling & "Exaggerated Yawning"
Actor Ditches Successful Film Career to Become a Professor of Airbnb
2014 Oregon Teacher of the Year fired
Studly panda breaks mating records with 18-minute marathon session
Chelsea Manning now tweeting from prison
Fans urinate in Cubs merchandise as season starts woefully for franchise
Ted Cruz's Constant References to Jesus Drive Millions to Atheism
Ex-Hill aide who admitted 2 assaults avoids jail after he becomes a victim
You Can Thank John Cena If Wiz Khalifa and Amber Rose Get Back Together
Mindy Kaling's brother claims he got into medical school by posing as black
"Church of Calipari" being built in Pikeville, Ky
Cruz's Constant References to Jesus Drive Millions to Atheism
In key swing states, weed is polling better than all potential 2016 candidates
Hunan playboy exposed as all 17 girlfriends show up to visit him in hospital
Cows cause utter confusion along I-69
'Bees are good,' Obama says as children scream
Alleged pizza attack leads to charges in Truro
BuzzFeed Emerging Writers Fellowship
Bobby Jindal Wants Duck Dynasty Star To Be His Vice President
Mitt Romney predicts NCAA final four correctly
Suicide at Vegas resort blamed on loss of free buffet for life
Man commits suicide after losing free buffet for life
Colouring books for adults top Amazon bestseller list
Chicago Cubs Apologize After Long Bathroom Lines On Opening Day Led Fans To Pee In Plastic Cups
New Mom Celebrates Deceased Husband By Adding Him To Her Family Photo
BuzzFeed Offers Emerging Writers Fellowship
BBC accidentally calls the Large Hadron Collider a 'Hardon Collider'
Angry Coach Accused of Firing Gun at Spectator Surrenders
Guy offers homeless man $100 or to learn how to code.
Limbaugh on Rolling Stone Fallout: Liberals Never Care About Facts
Monkeys Ruin Plan to Install Wi-Fi in Indian City
Marijuana bags found in Easter gift from Oregon Walmart
Chinese man's 17 girlfriends discover each other during hospital visit
'Madam, I'm Adam': Meet the Reigning World Palindrome Champion
Pope Francis makes debut as songwriter
Dermatologist "devastated" by Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt parody commits suicide
MLB pitcher who makes $10 million lived in hotels when he played for the A's because the rent in San Francisco was too expensive
Belgium's foreign minister appears in blackface
An incredible 97 percent of Americans, Democrats and Republicans alike, agree: the time has come to end government corruption in America. [x-post from /r/politics]
Edward Snowden tells John Oliver how the government is collecting everyone's 'dick pics'
Federal Government Considers Puerto Rican's Disabled Because They Speak Spanish
Walmart Will Reportedly Only Sell UFC Champion's Book Online Because Of Violence
Elderly Woman Dies After Attempting to Dispose of a Groundhog Carcass
'Scary' Lucille Ball Artist Apologizes: It Is "By Far My Most Unsettling Sculpture"
Japan's Net Cafe Refugees
Arkansas woman dies at 116 after 6-day reign as world's oldest person
Burger King picking up tab for Burger-King wedding
Flight Or Fight? Air India Grounds Pilots After Reported Cockpit Brawl
Dallas Woodhouse: GOP Nominee Should Be Willing To Nuke A Muslim Country
New Zealand asks hunters to give ducks they are hunting a chance to survive
Woman thanks thieves for 'pimping out' her car.
ACTIVIST SLAMS KENDRICK LAMAR OVER LIGHT-SKINNED FIANCEÉ: "I WILL NEVER SUPPORT HIM"
Miami Marlins experience Opening Day rain delay despite having retractable roof
Mitt Romney's March Madness bracket is in top 1% on ESPN
CanTheySeeMyDick.com is a surprisingly informative website about the NSA
Searching online may make you think you're smarter than you are.
Arkansas Methodist church barred from Celebrate Jesus Easter Parade after organizers discover church's banner would say "Jesus Loves All".
Police: Man accidentally shot himself while sitting in church, tried to act like he was fine
Parents Can't Decide Who'll Take Baby for the Weekend, Just Leave It at McDonald's Instead
Cop Fines Woman $200 For Putting On Chapstick At A Red Light
MAN GETS 4 YEARS FOR BEHEADING MAN WITH GUITAR STRING
Drexel University Professor Sends Anal Bead Porno to Class
Indiana's Church of Cannabis Growing Like a Weed
Gertrude Weaver dies just 5 days after becoming the world's oldest person
Women burned after being assaulted with hot pizza
Woman gets $200 ticket for putting on Chapstick at a red light
Woman burned after being assaulted with hot pizza
Arkansas Woman Dies at 116 After 6 Days as World's Oldest Person
Metal Band GWAR Sued for Allegedly Stealing Late Singer Dave Brockie's Cremains
Girlfriend Tries To Blame Fatal Shooting Of Boyfriend On Pet
Suicide at M Resort blamed on loss of free buffet for life
Alleged butt shanking lands woman in jail
Russian ruble seen as world's best performing currency
Man claims he was robbed at gunpoint by rapper DMX.
Man kills 10 family members after proposal to marry his cousin is denied
Man blames suicide on losing lifetime pass to buffet
'Casanova' exposed after car crash brings 17 girlfriends to his hospital bedside.
Rolling Stone forced to retract fake campus rape story
The hidden biases of Internet memes
Teen writes bold 'rejection' letter to Duke University
Joe Biden To Address Secretive Network Of Homosexual Donors
Canadian couple sues sperm bank, allege donor was schizophrenic
Pregnant Jehovah's Witness' decision to refuse treatment 'harrowing' for hospital staff after mother and baby die
Let Us Prey! New Version Of The Bible Replaces God With Kanye
Arizona Enters Bid for Worst State of the Week with Bag Ban Ban
COP TAKES PHOTO WITH SNOOP DOGG, AND GETS IN TROUBLE FOR IT
You Can Now Buy A Bible That Replaces "God" With "Kanye West"
THIS is a HEADLINE!?
Arizona Just Passed a Ban on Banning Plastic Bags
Families barred from Israeli park 'for having bread on Passover
Indian mother saves her daughter from jaws of 13ft crocodile in 10-minute battle armed only with a wooden WASHING PADDLE
Santorum: ISIS better journalism than New York Times?
Please stop 'rescuing' gopher tortoises, Florida asks
Man blames suicide on loss of buffet for life
Turkey's top religious body allows toilet paper
ISIS Magazine Labels Rick Santorum An "Enemy" | News
Custom ice makers feel heat from global warming
Air India cockpit fight: It started after pilot called older co-pilot 'uncle'
Air India's 'unsound mind' co-pilot took offence at being called 'Uncle'!
Woman urinates in her in-laws' tea for a year
Azucar Bakery did not discriminate by refusing to make anti-gay cakes
Awkward: Chinese man has car accident - 17 girlfriends show up to see him in hospital
China's Romeo gets his comeuppance after wooing at least 17 'Juliets' at the same time
Man Imprisoned After Filming Eric Garner's Death, Refusing to Eat, Rat Poison Found in Jail Food
China: Car crash 'Casanova' caught out at hospital
David Cameron Just Ate A Hot Dog With A Knife And Fork
Arizona Department Of Real Estate
Police in Thailand forced to shoot out cars tires as American tourist refused to stop driving the wrong way
Students elect male as women's officer
Minnesota man pleads guilty to lewd conduct for ejaculating into co-worker's coffee
Elderly Woman Dies After Attempting to Dispose of Groundhog Carcass
Jeb Bush reportedly identified as Hispanic in 2009
Former St. Louis police officer admits giving shotgun to drug dealer
Judge Decides Child Rapist Didn't Mean To Hurt The Toddler He Sodomized
Turkish university students demand Jedi, Buddhist temples amid mosque frenzy
Greece Nazi occupation: Athens asks Germany for 279bn euros
75% of Furious 7 Audience Nonwhite.
Dale Decker Has Over 100 Orgasms A Day And It's Completely Ruining His Life
N.S. woman recovering from burns after alleged pizza slice assault
Man's suicide at Las Vegas casino blamed on loss of 'meals for life' buffet pass
Landlord Tries to Evict Church by Punching Hole into Door on Good Friday
Assault by pizza slice
Here's What a Moose Will Do to Your Car
Even Jeb Bush's Spokesperson Is Confused About Why He Legally Identified As Hispanic
White House Easter: Obama Tells Screaming Kids 'Bees Are Good'
The weather channel has certainly figured out sensationalism.
Landlord Tries to Evict Church Using Sledgehammer on Good Friday
Clacton men rescued from £9 homemade boat
Arkansas woman dies days after becoming world's oldest person
House bill bans fake guns - not real guns - near schools
Suicide at M Resort blamed on loss of free buffet for life | Las Vegas Review-Journal
Mindy Kaling's Brother: I Posed As Black to Get Into Med School
Accused Terrorist Who Plotted Bombing Campaign Fired From Job Tutoring Kids
Brooklyn Heights Couple Can't Find Each Other In Sprawling 11,000 Foot Condo
Easter Bunny filled with meth brings down Oklahoma woman
Pearl Harbor's golf ball-shaped radar is "$2.2-billion flop"
Costco to Offer Wholesale Marijuana by Summer
Woman Denied Entry At Disney's Magic Kingdom For Trying To Bring In Baby Bengal Tiger
A quarter of golf pros would not help Bubba Watson in a fight, says poll
Apple wants people to stop sleeping in front of its stores for new products
Burger King to pay for the wedding of Mr. Burger, Ms. King - US News
Antelope kills giraffe at Norway zoo
Judge allows woman to use Facebook massage to serve divorce papers
Bong, not bomb: Boulder bus station briefly evacuated over 'suspicious' marijuana device
Hallucinogenic Mushrooms and Steak Dinners Among Unusual Stuff NYPD Buys
Utah Teen Diagnosed With Rare Water Allergy
Kanye West Replaces God in New Bible
Brian Williams' Explanation to NBC News Honchos: 'Maybe I Had a Brain Tumor'
Kids cry, parents push as Easter egg hunt turns rowdy
Sorry, Cancer Patients And Boston Marathon Victims: Indiana's Memories Pizza Raised More Than You On GoFundMe
Burger King to pay for the wedding of Mr. Burger, Ms. King
woman suffers burns after having hot pizza shoved in her face
People named Burger and King are marrying in whopper of a wedding
Lucille Ball Sculptor Apologizes For 'By Far My Most Unsettling' Work
Judge allows divorce papers to be served via Facebook
Truro woman charged after alleged Easter Sunday pizza attack
Meet the Chinese Lumberjack Who Slept With an Alien
British Prime Minister David Cameron Caught Eating Hot Dog With Knife and Fork
Ben Carson Defines 'Hip Hop' as Opposing 'Anything That Has to Do with Jesus Christ'
California Judge Cuts 15 Years Off Mandatory Sentence of Man Convicted of Sodomizing Toddler Saying that the Sentence Would be Cruel and Unusual Punishment.
Dick Masturbates In Tickle Creek: Cops
Judge Shaves 15 Years from Mandatory Sentence, Noting Rapist of 3-Year-Old Didn't 'Intend Harm'
Canadians Make 2,000-Mile Trip for Kentucky Fried Chicken
Canadians travel 2,000 miles to eat at original KFC
Pizza attack leads to assault charges in Truro
The Marlins had a rain delay, even though their stadium has a roof
High School Newspaper Praises Hitler for "Things he Taught" Student
Porn shows up on TV at KFC
Vendor Says NYPD Cops Ate Her Churros After Arrest: Report
Local Mother Publicly Discredits Her Teenagers, Efficiently Ruins Lives
Piracy Increases Literacy and Access to Knowledge
Finally, we know how many bloggers live in their parents' basement
Britain's Prime Minister Mocked for Using Fork and Knife to Eat Hot Dog
Truro, N.S. woman seriously burned after another woman slapped hot pizza slice in her face
Brian Williams Blamed Possible Brain Tumor for Inaccurate Helicopter Story
Man successfully sues Pizza Hut over 'excessively hard crouton'
Law Professor Who Sent Anal-Bead Porn To Her Students Now Under Investigation
North Korea camouflages 1947-era biplanes for stealth
Cam'ron Tells Teen Girl He's Not Her Uncle, Instead Her Mom Used To Be His Groupie
Burger King to pay for wedding of man named "Burger" and woman named "King."
Man who fathered 30 kids with 11 women seeks child support help
North Korea: New camouflage for biplane fleet
Woman notifies elusive husband of divorce over Facebook
Burger King will pay for the wedding of a man named Burger and a woman called King.
NSA, FBI, CIA: Can They See My Dick?
Las Vegas Man Commits Suicide in Restaurant After Being Banned from Buffet
Without vultures, fate of Parsi 'sky burials' uncertain
Police: Laser pointer suspect had pot in his rectum
Middle East satire site concedes defeat after labourers forced to run Qatari marathon in flip-flops
Reply All Email Creates Havoc For Case Western Students' Inboxes
Clacton fishermen rescued from £9 homemade boat
Firefighter sexually assaulted with chorizo sausage in hazing incident
Comcast to give Atlanta fastest Internet in the country
An exhibition in Iran will mock the Holocaust
Prosecutor: Elmwood Park man, 100, killed wife with ax in murder-suicide
Burger King to pay for Mr. burger Ms. king wedding
Greece: Germany owes us 279 billion euros, even though they have already paid all required reparations
Police on Lookout for 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Bank Robbery Suspect
Utah city government says children's box fort in violation with building codes
Shut Down the Shut-eye: IKEA Reportedly Bans Napping at its Beijing Store
Toys R Us Pulls Breaking Bad Toys
Shock rocker Marilyn Manson reportedly punched at Alberta Denny's location
Waxahachie Firefighters Sexually Assaulted Trainee with Chorizo, Texas Rangers Allege
Kansas wants to ban welfare recipients from seeing movies, going swimming on government's dime
IKEA bosses in China demand crackdown on craze of using showroom beds for naps [xpost r/sleepyasians]
Rand Paul's presidential run announcement pulled from YouTube for using unlicensed music
Greece Nazi occupation: Athens asks Germany for €279bn
USA Today Probes: 'Too Many White Guys' on Wisconsin Basketball Team?
Official Rand Paul NSA Spy Cam Blocker
Five Texas Firefighters Accused of Sodomizing Trainee With Chorizo Sausage
Fox News Guest: Rand Paul Must Prove He'd Nuke a Muslim Country if Needed
Barry Estate Sues His Kidney Donor
Nestlé's despicable water-crisis profiteering: How it's making a killing - while California is dying of thirst
Scared 'beach babies' file $40M suit over NYC blast
Drexel U: Professor sent porn to Drexel students
Morgue near Vikings stadium could become lively spot
New Charlotte pro sport features 53-year-old stand-up comic who teaches science
LSU students caught with nearly two thousand beers and numerous bottles of liquor on the way to Spring Break.
Marilyn Manson Punched In The Face At A Canadian Denny's
BURGER KING TO PAY FOR WEDDING OF COUPLE NAMED 'BURGER,' 'KING'
Breast Milk Sold Online Contaminated With Cow's Milk
Chinese panda's 18-minute mating session sets new record, turns Lu Lu 'the Enduring Brother' into national hero
Boulder Bus Station Evacuated, Suspicious Device Turns Out To Be A Bong
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson Eats About 821 Pounds Of Cod Per Year
Las Vegas Man Kills Himself After Casino Revoked His Lifetime Free Buffet Pass
ISIS 'bans skinny jeans, listening to music' in Syria's Raqqa
Burger King to pay for wedding of Mr. Burger, Ms. King
No Saudi Arabia visas for Swedish zoo monkeys
Dad In Hot Water for Building Cool Fort for Kids
Man sent rambling 270 page 'suicide note' and DVD explaining why he shot himself dead at Vegas casino after his free buffet pass was confiscated.
Burger King to Pay for the Wedding of Joel Burger and Ashley King.
A Dallas Woman Says Michael Jacksons Ghost Molested Her Kids!
3,000 Reasons Not To Dump Unwanted Goldfish Into A Lake
Jesus came to Earth in a UFO says writer of Contacts With The Gods From Space
Witness says mom shot son accidentally...
Pat Robertson Wants Gay Men To Show Him How To Conceive Through Anal Sex|The Gaily Grind
Americans tweet more about beer than church.
2 fire engines destroyed by fire at multi-alarm house fire
Sheriff listed as benefactor of e-cigs sold at Rutherford County jail
Unfreed: The man who was accidentally released from prison 88 years early
Las Vegas Man Blames Suicide on Losing Lifetime Pass for Free Buffet
Tuxedo-clad Ohio cop arrested for beating man after black-tie police fundraiser
YouTube pulled Rand Paul's presidential announcement over a copyright dispute
Feds Consider Puerto Ricans Disabled Because They Speak Spanish
Subletters Who Sustained "Scratches" In East Village Explosion Sue For $40 Million: Gothamist
Jeb Bush admits he is not Latino
Law professor emails students link to anal porn video
FL Baker: We're Getting Death Threats over Refusal to Make Anti-Gay Cake
It wasn't Jackie's job to get the details of her rape correct. It was Rolling Stone's
Brazilian police order suspects to the ground dog follows suit
Man's sacred 'hat' of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster doesn't amuse DVLA
Five Texas Firefighters Accused of Sodomizing Trainee With Sausage
Driver told Garda: I was holding stapler to my ear, not phone
Affidavit: Texas firefighter recruit sexually assaulted with chorizo in hazing incident
Moms Demand Leader Deemed A Threat To Her Kids, Barred From Owning Guns
Pedophilia: A Disorder, Not a Crime
Marilyn Manson punched in the face at Denny's.
Video Game 'Five Nights at Freddy's' Getting Movie Treatment
IKEA to shoppers: Please stop napping on the furniture
Charges: Brooklyn Center man falls asleep while trying to steal car
Man Attacked by Coyote in New Jersey Yard Week After Dog Mauling: I Didn't See It Coming
Turns Out Many White Millennials Are Still Pretty Racist
You Could Be Fined $600 For Approaching George Clooney
US Soldiers and Contractors Sexually Abused at Least 54 Children in Colombia Between 2003 and 2007
Illinois governor: I want to 'rip the economic guts out of Indiana'
In Hawaii, Chickens Gone Wild
Widespread power outages sweep Washington, D.C.
A man in central China was caught cheating when 17 of his girlfriends visited him in hospital all at once
China declares war on 'forbidden game' of golf
US troops to begin training exercises with neo Nazis on Hitler's birthday
Burger King will pay for Illinois couple's epic 'Burger-King' wedding (VIDEO)
Colorado agents seize 100 prairie dogs, leaving rodents in limbo
Bobcat goes shark fishing on Florida beach
Missouri town re-elects mayor who died last month
Rand Paul's Campaign Website Misspelled 'Education'
Sperm bank allegedly gives couple wrong donor info
Sen. Rand Paul Joins President Emperor Caesar, Sydneys Voluptuous Buttocks In 2016 Race
Marilyn Manson Reportedly Punched in Face During Late-Night Denny's Altercation
UK Prime Minister David Cameron mocked for using cutlery on hot dog
Dead mayor wins election in Hillsboro
Detroit Is a Dream Come True for Iraqi Refugees
Dirk Nowitzki says Livingston complimented his package after groin hit
Police order suspects to the ground, dog follows suit
Senator calls for The Anarchist Cookbook to be "removed from the Internet"
Carly Fiorina blames environmentalists for California drought
Harford executive to shift animal control duties to sheriff
American tourist in Thailand city drives down the wrong way on a street, hits 13 cars, and refuses to stop or open door for police. Police are forced to shoot 3 of her tires...tourist claims she was "confused".
Balloon activist sends 'thousands of copies' of The Interview to North Korea
Victim has hot pizza slice forcefully smushed into face
The World Is Not Falling Apart
IKEA to shoppers in Beijing: Please stop napping on the furniture
Seattle Residents Testing Poop for DNA to Catch Crappy Dog Walkers
Two Gay-Bashing Murderers Fall In Love And Wed In Prison, Family Members "Proud" Of Their Sons
Thousands of Turkish Students Demand Jedi Temples On Campus
Glue spill clogs Auckland intersection
Can Marxist theory predict the end of Game of Thrones?
US Officials say Russiams hacked the White House
US Sanctions block Crimeans from World of Warcraft and Diablo III
Lawyer claims 13 girls framed fellow student of rape because he was a "player" and Facebook evidence shows they were inspired by the movie John Tucker Must Die
Black Hooters Waitress Awarded $250K After Fired For Having Blonde Highlights
I've eaten only crisps for the past 10 years
Netflix installation may become tax deductible
85 students tried to draw Apple logo, 99% failed
Kansas Man Who Beheaded A Man With Guitar String Gets Only Four Years In Prison
Microsoft seeks to recruit autistic workers
Burger King picks up tab for couple Joel Burger and Ashley King's wedding
St. Paul man whose home burned down had trouble canceling cable service
Univ. of Michigan cancels 'American Sniper' screening: 'Made students feel unsafe'
Muslim scholar issued a new fatwa, which allows a man to eat his wife in the event of severe hunger.
Saudis refuse Swedish zoo's monkeys in diplomatic spat
Working Guns Prohibited at NRA Convention
National Rifle Association bans working guns from annual convention
Man who sexually abused 3-year-old girl didn't 'intend to harm' his victim, California judge rules
Russian Company Sells Ad Space On Women's Breasts
Dutch drone delivering asparagus crashes onto country road
The Bank Job. Thieves recreate the Statham classic film and rob a Vault over a bank holiday weekend.
MAN KILLS HIMSELF INSIDE VEGAS CASINO AFTER LIFETIME BUFFET PASS WAS REVOKED
Feds approved disability pay for Puerto Rican citizens ... because they don't speak English
GOV JERRY BROWN: CALIFORNIANS TO BE HEAVILY FINED FOR LONG SHOWERS
People are drowning tortoises after confusing them with sea turtles
Maya Angelou's new stamp uses a quote that may not be entirely hers
The two teams in Illinois that share the Pretzels mascot, New Berlin and Freeport, competed in a baseball game at New Berlin High School, Tuesday, April 7, 2015, in New Berlin, Ill.
Woman Accused Of Shoplifting Arrested After Hiding In Ceiling For Hours
Hazing arrests: Texas firefighters accused of sexually assaulting new volunteer with sausage.- I think I would have to be unvolunteering.
Religious Right Leaders Threaten to "Rise Up" If they Don't Get to Persecute Gays
Here's A News Report We'd Be Reading If Walter Scott's Killing Wasn't On Video
New North Korea textbook: Kim Jong Un learned to drive at age 3
Missouri town reelects mayor that died last month
Lawsuit: Nevada prison guards staged 'gladiator-like' fight between 2 inmates before shooting
The copycat who nearly died air-mailing himself home
Alaska Airlines apologizes after kicking woman off flight for having cancer
Boulder Cops Shut Down Downtown Area Over Abandoned Bong
Expelled student: Sex was sadomasochistic role playing, not rape
New York woman gets 20 years to life for killing son with salt
Katie Hopkins 'lining up TV chatshow'
There's a Dildo Terrorist at Large on the Subway
Marilyn Manson Reportedly Punched In The Face At Denny's
GPS Sends Drivers Onto Fairway At Charlton Golf Course
Saudi Arabia's chief religious authority the Grand Mufti gives ruling allowing men to eat their wives' flesh in time of 'great hunger'
Dad challenging DVLA over right to wear 'religious headgear' in driving licence photo - a colander
Prosecutor: 100-year-old man killed wife with ax, then self
Woman says Micheal Jackson's ghost molested her kids.
U.S. Sanctions Block Crimeans From World of Warcraft, Diablo III
ISIS nurses told they must speak ENGLISH under rules stricter than NHS
Mindy Kaling's Brother Says He Got Into Medical School By Posing As Black
Woman Fights Off Vicious Bra Attacker With Ceramic Chicken
Rand Paul and Ted Cruz secretly gave the same speech
Mindy Kaling's brother: I faked being black to get into medical school
In Fox News Interview, Rand Paul Declares His Old Quotes Off-Limits
Car slams into a tree in the middle of the road
Fired Ferguson official insists she's not racist - she just thinks racist jokes are hilarious
Robert Kennedy Jr. Compares Vaccine Debate To Holocaust
Teen tried to have sex in ambulance before punching paramedic taking 92-year-old man to hospital
3,000 Goldfish Swimming Amok in Colorado Lake
US ally Saudi Arabia's chief religious authority the Grand Mufti gives ruling allowing men to eat their wives' flesh in time of 'great hunger'
John Hancock Hopes You'll Trade Activity Data For Insurance Discounts
Obama: Global Warming Gave My Daughter Asthma
'Suspicious' bong shuts down Boulder Transit Center
Maya Angelou's new stamp features quote that wasn't hers
Scientists try to answer why Dutch people are so tall
Dallas woman says michael jackson's ghost molested her kids
Thousands of Turkish students sign petition to build Jedi Temple on university campus
Bill O'Reilly Calls Apple Today's Opium on Fox News
N. Korea deports US humanitarian worker by 'generosity' of country's laws
The Arctic has melted so much that now people want to race yachts through it
DEA: Feds Need to Grow More Marijuana
HBO Says It's Pay-Up Time For Web Fan Who Lobbied For Streaming Service
Man accused of murdering best friend - but he claims it was just 'banter'
Santa Cruz Police Searching for 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Bank Robber
WSU statistician sues seeking Kansas voting machine paper tapes
DNA testing is taking off in Seattle to find who is not scooping dog poop
Dog-poop DNA tests nail non-scoopers
Cruz posts early lead over Paul in the Facebook primary
For One Crazy Day, 7-Eleven is Letting Everyone Bring their Own Cups to Fill with Slurpees
CanTheySeeMyDick.com offers impressive insight into NSA spying tactics
Marilyn Manson punched in the face at a Denny's in Lethbridge
Women's last meal request is a poor little Kitty
Mom Fatally Shoots Son While Defending Him Against Bullies
Marilyn Manson punched in the face in a Dennys in Alberta
Head transplant: Russian man to become first to undergo pioneering and controversial surgery
Rand Paul's Millennial Outreach, Now with Flip-Flops
Man v. Food Adam Richman: 'I've been a vegan for three months'
The Golden Girls Lego Set Might Soon Be Reality
Teen Attacks Paramedic Who Stopped Ambulance Sex Sesh
Frances Bean Cobain Admits, 'I Don't Really Like Nirvana'
Hey Reddit, Just When You Didn't Think Emma Watson Could Get Any More Amazing, She Grows 4 Feet Taller
Dick Cheney calls Obama 'worst president' on foreign policy
Survey suggests grilled cheese lovers have more sex, are more generous
Pop-up message prompts man to turn himself in for having child porn
B.C. woman put superglue in baby nephew's ears because she was jealous of son-bearing in-laws
INTEL'S CEO UNLEASHES GESTURE-CONTROLLED SPIDERBOTS
I ran a Tinder experiment last night
Fox guest: Keep discrimination legal because Bible tells businesses not to hire atheists
Tom Cotton: Bombing Iran Would Take "Several Days," Be Nothing Like Iraq War
Man Kills Himself In Las Vegas Resort After Losing Lifetime Of Free Meals At Buffet
Timber makes you feel good and helps you heal, says new Planet Ark report
Morgantown, West Virginia( home of University of Virginia) bans outdoor furniture due to couch burning
Woman Arrested for Pulling into Safe Spot During Police Traffic Stop
Student Punches Landlord In Attempt To Get Out Of Lease
Florida man accused of pointing laser at drivers found with marijuana in rectum, police say
SF man absolved of robbery by saying he was high on meth and believed he needed to enter home to board a spaceship
Indian police to use pepper-spraying drones on unruly protesters
S.F. man's winning robbery defense: Entered home to board spacecraft
New 'Bible' Allows Fans to Worship Kanye West
Woman Receives Severe Burns To Her Face After Assaulted With Hot Slice of Pizza
4-year-old girl with rare medical condition is addicted to eating carpet
Vendor Says NYPD Cops Ate Her Churros After Arrest
Sculptor Apologizes for His Terrifying Lucille Ball Statue
Indiana woman arrested after seeking parking lot to pull over for police
Boston Bomber's Mother Speaks Out: "My Son Is The Best Of The Best"
Woman Says Michael Jacksons Ghost Molested Her Kids
$70,000 in Bull Semen & Embryos Stolen from Minnesota Farm
Cannabis farm at Edinburgh children's play centre
Obama's Daughter is Allergic to Peanuts and has Asthma Attack at Circus, So Obama Blames Global Warming
Thief obeys clerk, gives money back
Family Adopts 15 Year Old Gay Teen Who Was Disowned By His Family
Four in 10 Americans Look Forward to Checking Mail
Nevada prison guards 'force' inmates into gladiator-style brawl, then shoot 1 dead, wound another
Gwyneth Paltrow Set To Bulldoze Hustler Hollywood For Posh Social Club
'Big bogan' statue proposed to boost tourism in Bogan Shire in western NSW
Entire cabin stolen off foundation, baffling owner
Frances Bean Cobain: 'I don't really like Nirvana that much'
South Carolina police charged after black man shot dead
Kardashian no parking signs created by Plastic Jesus
Several feet of hail piles up at strip mall
Palestinian Authority Terrorist Murdered Two Israelis, Completes Master's in Jail
No Kardashian parking signs put up around Los Angeles
Russian Teacher Arrested for Paying Hit Man to Kill Teen Love Interest
Little girl addicted to eating carpet.
Ottawa mom defects from anti-vaccination when 7 kids fall ill
Canadian man aims to break world record with ridiculously big Nicolas Cage face
Morgantown bans outdoor furniture due to excessive couch-burning
Tehran urges timetable on global nuclear disarmament
Arizona Bill Would Ban Local Limits on Plastic Bags
Nevada prison guards accused of staging 'gladiator-style' fight between two handcuffed inmates then shooting both with a shotgun, killing one
Impaired bus driver leads 11 seniors on harrowing trip to tulips
RI police arrest man found naked and covered in Crisco
Woman jailed after killing her own son for blog hits
Russian Orthodox Church questioned the usefulness of people with transplanted heads
Ottawa mom defects from anti-vaccination camp when 7 kids fall ill
Morgantown couches breathe easier as outdoor furniture ban enacted
Drunk man snacks on beer stubbie at family get together
Family dinner at KFC comes with unwanted side of porn
Former Ferguson court clerk fires-back after termination over racist e-mails
For Some Wisconsin State Workers, 'Climate Change' Isn't Something You Can Talk About
China to test Tibetan monks and nuns for patriotism
Hillsboro Re-Elects Dead Mayor
Taco Bell Is Going To Start Testing Out A Delivery Service
Piano Teacher Repeatedly Stabbed, Adult Student Arrested
Taco Bell Corp. CEO: 2015 plans include delivery | Quick Service content from Nation's Restaurant News
Former Al Qaeda leader used in Turkish hair-removal ad
Taco Bell Corp. CEO: 2015 plans include delivery
1,000-foot water slide to splash in metro Detroit
Fresno firefighters rescue Timmy the puppy from a well
Apple Building 'Live Long and Prosper' Spock Emoji
Old Man, Who Was Probably Shrooming, Terrorizes NYC Subway With Dildo
What in the world is this whale-sized tubular sea monster?
SeaWorld starts 'Meet the Animals' ad campaign.
Presenter of Man V. Food Adam Richman has become a vegan
Franklin County Speedway uses unique marketing plan
1,000 foot water slide to take over Detroit streets this summer
Doctor to attempt head transplant on patient.
Thousands of goldfish taking over Teller Lake
'I'm with stupid' moment for Ecuador's leader
Eddie Huang Is Still Angry His ABC Sitcom Is an ABC Sitcom
These Texas rebels say the American flag is more racist than the Confederate flag
Tony Abbott declares only the Coalition strong enough to stop the boats - The prime minister says other governments 'would succumb to the cries of the human rights lawyers' over asylum seekers
Sheriff: Polygamous Sect Members Threw Chickens At Mom's Van When She Tried To Get Kids
45% Of People Featured In Memes Are White
Newtown 'truther' arrested for making 'disturbing' phone calls to Sandy Hook Elementary School
Man volunteers for world first head transplant operation
Male student elected as women's officer at University of Tasmania resigns
Rodong Sinmun Terms S. Korea Miserable Colonial Servant of U.S.
Police Search for Volunteers to Get Drunk for DUI School
Man rips off another man's scrotum with a hook
North Korea to Mexico: Give us back our ship
Toddler's Easter Gift Comes Full of Marijuana, Oregon Mom Says
'Satan socks' vicar Andrew Dotchin turned away from Ipswich bar
Guy wants to make a 21,000 square feet mosaic of Nicholas cage
WAS THIS THE MOST LIBERAL AND STRANGEST SCHOOL IN MODERN HISTORY? THIS SCHOOL ALLOWED SMOKING, ENCOURAGED FLINGS AND BASICALLY LET STUDENTS DO ANYTHING THAT KEPT THEM HAPPY
TV5 Monde Hacking: The main password was "azerty12345"
Chinese man ignores dying hit-and-run victim - later finds out it is his mother
Marilyn Manson punched in face at a Denny's in Lethbridge
9 Meghalaya families cut ties with world for 'doomsday'
Man v Food star Adam Richman is a vegan now
Man versus Food host Adam Richman goes vegan losing 30kg on the way
Marilyn Manson Punched At Denny's In Lethbridge
England game to restart from the penalty spot in 96th minute
John Oliver's interview with Edward Snowden: Pseudo-satire in defense of NSA surveillance
I'm not super rich, insists multi-millionaire Blair: Former PM accused of being out of touch after saying his earnings go towards 'infrastructure' around him.
Bristol UKIP candidate's secret double life as a porn star revealed
Pakistani Man Accused of Raping 30 Sheep in Saudi Arabia
GoFundMe Shuts Down Campaign For Officer Charged With Murder Of Walter Scott
Ukip candidate defends his other job as a porn star called 'Johnny Rockard'
Saudis says no to Swedish monkeys after diplomatic spat
Nearly 9 percent of Americans are angry, impulsive and have a gun, study says
Police investigate $70,000 bull semen theft.
'Sal Capone' and 'Mal Pacino' Among 10 South Bronx Gangsters Busted: NYPD
DirecTV told to pull Rob Lowe ads after Comcast complains
Australia's Tony Abbott on the treatment of 'boat people': "Any other government, I suspect, would quickly succumb to the cries of the human rights lawyers." [X-POST /r/Australia]
DEA: Cartels Now Smuggle U.S. Pot Into Mexico
Chief Justice Shirley Abrahamson sues to keep her job for four more years
Koran-burning pastor running for president
One man accounts for 70% of service calls to town's fire department.
Montreal professors stare down riot cops
Hologram of Late Singer Scheduled to Tour, Release New Music
Store manager credits bacon for surviving car crash
Porn star offers sixteen-hour sex marathon if Dynamo Moscow striker scores five goals
Train driver takes wrong train out of station
Comcast customer had trouble cancelling his service even after his house burned to the ground
Warren Buffett, strumming his ukulele, is star attraction at Nebraska Furniture Mart's charity gala in Texas
Frances Bean Cobain: I'm Not A Nirvana Fan
Understanding the Idea of Israeli Land Under Talmudic Law
Man stabbed after fight over pizza in SA, TX
Jumping Japanese businessmen show their daughters how to defy stereotypes
Infection from makeup brush leaves young mom paralyzed
I wish I had fake breasts, says Sofia Vergara
Obama in Jamaica pays tribute to Bob Marley
Mother who killed son with salt for web attention jailed
Selena Hologram to Release New Music, Tour
Why does the homicide unit wear fedoras?
Turkey on University Campus makes national news.
Man Acquitted For Thinking San Francisco Apartment He Broke Into Was A Spaceship
Human Centipede 3 to involve a 500-person centipede
Top Saudi mufti reportedly issues fatwa allowing starving husbands to eat wives
The director of 'Tango & Cash' wants 18 million dollars to kill McDonald's in Russia
Guy in polo shirt stunned when 'official' at meeting is Obama
Calls from one man drain Greer firefighter resources
Suffolk Vicar who believes 'socks are an instrument of satan' refused entry to Ipswich bar for wearing sandals
Who Steals A Barn? Iowa Thieves, That's Who
Romney fire siren silenced during overnight hours after threats of legal action made against company
Russian Paper Removes Article About Soldier Wounded In Ukraine
Don't marry an Indian woman (or apparently any woman)
It's Now Illegal To Snort Gogaine, Nopaine, Benzo Fury and Banshee Dust
South Carolina to SCOTUS: We Can Discriminate Against Women, So Why Not Gays?
Saudi grand mufti 'issues fatwa permitting man to chop up and eat wife in event of extreme hunger'
The Amazon Millionaire download | Dave Kettner Internet Marketing
UN urged to ban 'killer robots' before they can be developed
Thief crashes stolen Indy 500 Pace Car through showroom window
21 Things That you have Done and Will do at least once in your lifetime
Obama to Putin: Stop Hacking Me
Thief blasts through showroom window in Indy 500 pace car
Indian student at historically black University murdered after entering PhD program to study watermelon
With Hopes to Curb Couch Burning, Morgantown Passes Outdoor Furniture Ban
Two men caught napping, literally, after $200,000 crime spree.
Swiss Government Becomes First Ever to Issue 10Y Debt at a Negative Yield
A new Islamic fatwa in Turkey has decreed that Muslims are allowed to use toilet paper.
Sex Education in Europe Turns to Urging More Births
DirecTV Told to Yank Ads Featuring Rob Lowe After Comcast Complaint
Japan's cuddly yet costly mascots face extermination
German student makes Freedom of Information request to see test papers before exams
Woman Arrested For Beating Herself Up
A Man With A Giant Dildo Is Terrorizing The Subways Of New York
Fallen Crane at Museum Mistaken for Art Exhibit
Someone released their goldfish and now there are thousands of goldfish taking over a Colorado lake
Washington Family Finds Cabin in the Woods Stolen From Foundation
Taco Bell to test home delivery amid bevy of new services
Taco Bell CEO: 2015 plans include delivery
Nantucket passes ban on Helium Balloons; children across the island cry
Godzilla recruited as tourism ambassador for Tokyo
Nantucket passes ban on helium balloons
Woman bleached boyfriend's goldfish to death
Groom tries to kill himself at his own wedding after seeing bride for the first time
Old Chinese women won't stop dancing in streets
NRA Convention: No Working Guns Allowed
1st Time Flyer Pulls Emergency Exit Lever on Plane
Home>WTF>Chinese man divorces and sues wife over ugly children. And wins. Chinese man divorces and sues wife over ugly children. And wins.
POLICE: $70K IN BULL SEMEN STOLEN FROM MINNESOTA FARM
Clorox's Bleach Emoji Tweet Is Considered Racist By Some Twitter Users
Beachclub promotion war rages on, 18-year-olds allowed in club
Time Magazine Man of the Year Close Call Between Vladimir Putin and K-Pop Star CL
Lobbyists for Spies Appointed To Oversee Spying
Police release CCTV image of Jeremy Clarkson lookalike after teenager punched in face on a bus in Canterbury
Court keeps baby in state care due to incest | WTF on so many levels
German student makes FoI request to see test papers before exams
Court keeps baby in state care
Two Ontario teens charged in untimely death of cemetery goose
Uber Launches Cash-Only Rickshaw Service In Indian Capital
Russian subway riders shove train to save trapped woman, one person claps
Infectious cancer found in clams
'Pastafarian' accuses DVLA of discrimination for rejecting photo of him with a colander on his head
Ferguson Clerk Fired for Racist Emails: Feels Like I Was Raped
DMX: "I'll Stomp A Nigga Out In The Name Of Jesus"
Entire Town Gets High After Police Burn 1,000 Pounds of Seized Marijuana
Sheriff: Man found bomb on Coal Mountain Road, brought it to Casper.
The White House Just Did Something Big in the Bathroom
Overbrook grad arrested after crossover embarrasses two uniformed cops on playground
Is The NRA Really Banning Guns At Its Convention? : The Two-Way : NPR
Pepper-spraying drones will be used on Indian protesters
Couple To Sell Condo For $32 Million Because They Get Lost In It
Overbrook grad winds up in cuffs after crossover embarrasses two cops on playground
Police: Iowa Man's Stolen Bag Of Dog Poop Was Worth $1
Biden puts a baby pacifier in his mouth
Google Threatens Australia: Make Us Pay Tax and We'll Make You Use Bing.
Shoplifter Hiding In Ceiling Stole $8.50 Worth Of Goods, SWAT team called In
Grilled Cheese Lovers Have More Sex, And Are Better People, According to Survey
S. Korean sex workers say law banning trafficking unconstitutional
Man unwittingly attends Obama roundtable
Woman Busted After Marrying 10 Husbands Without Divorcing Any of Them
Internet naming group asks FTC to investigate .sucks controversy
Mobile industry spends $41B on spectrum, says FCC is killing investment
Suspect Eats Chips While Robbing Metro PCS
Vicious swan known as Mr Asbo now has a grandson dubbed Asbaby that has inherited his bad temper and is also terrorising punters on the River Cam
Frances Bean Cobain: 'I don't really like Nirvana that much... I'm more into Oasis'
An Extremely Attractive Group of Greenpeace Activists Is Stalking Shell Oil Rigs Across the Pacific Ocean
Joe Biden apparently put a baby's pacifier in his mouth
SLIDESHOW: What happened when Asboy - the son of aggressive swan Mr Asbo - took on a cow in Cambridge?
Heathrow takes Alyssa Milano's breast milk
Asbo swan terrorising river users is following in vicious footsteps of his forefathers
Fans of toasted cheese sandwiches have more SEX than those who don't eat them | Daily Mail Online
Old beardos who live with their Mom give money and personal information to consolidation service providers.
New monkey species revealed thanks to distinctive penis
Riviera police: Woman pours BBQ sauce on husband, chases with knives
More than 10,000 cases of freezies stolen during freight yard heist.
Racially diverse emojis have finally arrived!
70$K in semen stolen
Theft of $70K in bull semen from southern Minnesota barn under investigation
Funniest Video In The World Ever 2015
Scam Alert -- How Con Artists are Tricking Student Loan Holders
Cheater caught after 17 girlfriends turn up at hospital
Toronto Mayor John Tory declares war on 'Raccoon Nation'
Thieves flew the coop with $3,000 in KFC chicken
Parents using social media to expose their children to measles
Children throw the book at Cameron
US prisoner weeks from parole dies after his doctor no-shows an urgent appointment.
Clorox Apologizes After Being Called Racist for Advertising Bleach
This Man Accidentally Underdressed for a Meeting With President Obama
This Guy Just Used The Indiana Religious Freedom Law To Open A Church Of Cannabis
Philly cops challenge black college student to pickup basketball game - and arrest him after he beats them
'Grandparent scams' are back and attempting to steal thousands from seniors
Morgantown bans upholstered outdoor furniture for obvious reasons
Theft of $70K in bull semen from southern Minnesota barn under investigation; no suspects
Federal Government to spend $4 million on TV drama to deter would-be asylum seekers
PHOTO: Vice President Biden Steals A Baby's Pacifier
3 Times Rand Paul Got 'Testy' This Week
Hacked French network exposed its own passwords during TV interview
Selena Quintanilla To Become Hologram, Family Confirms
Research Shows Sexy Men Actually Make Worse Dads
Former school principal 'paid for sex with 12,000 women'
Robbery suspect caught with 'money bag' tied to pants
Secret Society At University Of Alabama Blamed For Blocking New Student President From Picking His Own Staff
Tara Hills, Ottawa mom, changes anti-vaccination stand, but 7 kids still get sick
USPS unveils limited edition Maya Angelou stamp with a quote that isn't hers
Sexual Abuse Of Cows In Factory Farms Is 'Not Uncommon'
BBC - Mumbai food firms row over BBC brand
Ferrari's Formula One Car Has A Dick Butt
Would-be truck thief gets away with dog poop
Cách thiết kế phòng bếp của vinhomes riverside
Onlookers Mistake Fallen Construction Crane at Dallas Museum of Art as an Art Installation
Invasion of the goldfish: ecosystem in danger as Colorado lake taken over
The National releasing 9-LP box set of the same 3-minute song
Online romance flames out after woman gets stuck inside chimney
Woman Claims Ghost of Michael Jackson Molested Her Children
Lady Claims Ghost of Michael Jackson Molested Her Children
NRA Bans 'Operational' Guns At NRA Convention For Security Reasons
NRA Prohibits Working Guns at its Annual Convention, 'For Safety'
What does a Confederate battle flag over I-95 say about Stafford County?
'Killer robots' pose risks and advantages for military use
Man asks Tampa federal judge to bar Kim Kardashian, Kanye West from Florida
Florida Deputy attacked with a samurai sword
New web address ending .sucks may cause problem for big buiness
An Epic Comcast Blunder May Force a Man to Sell his New House
In latest gaff,, Vice President Joe Biden steal toddler's pacifier and sucks on it
Port Richey police: Nearly half of city's crime comes from local Walmart
TIL The New Yorker sells the equivalent of a 5-year old's scribbling with some witty caption for $125
Police investigating untimely death of Kate, cemetery goose
Oops, UPS stuck a 'dick butt' meme on a fancy Ferrari
New York Discovers Wall Street Charges Fees
Washington state police find family's stolen vacation cabin
Sofia Vergara: ♥ Relationships between humans and animals, love knows no boundaries!
Tourists line up to run North Korea's marathon
Israel and Palestine Are Taking Their Fight to FIFA
Election 2015: UKIP candidate 'to be questioned' over sausage rolls
Mom sneaks kids to Mickey D's amid fast-food backlash, won't tell Dad
6 'invisible' signs that a subject is resisting a police officer
How Mary Kay Letourneau Went From Having Sex With a 6th Grader to Becoming His Wife
Give ♥ a love-letter, let those you love or loved meet again! ＞＞＞＞＞ ♥ ♥ ♥ http://www.ladyidiy.com
Alyssa Milano Had Her Breast Milk Confiscated by British Airport Staff
Queensland LNP blames Labor for Easter 2015 road deaths
NSA has a special room to find terrorist memos hidden in porn
Can A Sexy Homeless Sloth Save American Apparel?
Internet meme to find its way to Formula 1
Grandson of Cambridge's infamous swan Mr Asbo terrorises punters on the Cam
Chevy confirms 2016 Camaro will have wheels, brakes
Chinese porn police break two computers during vigorous investigation
Why Californians May Drink More Toilet Water in 2015
Commuter hit in the head by a Tube train 'after leaning over to pick up a bag'
Ex-teacher arrested in Japan says he paid for sex with over 12,000 women
Shailene Woodley's Boobs Are Great, Says Shailene Woodley
Police: Des Moines man reports stolen bag of dog poop
This start-up promised 10,000 people eternal digital life-then it died
Woman being treated by EMS after car crash continues to drink beer
Saudi cleric denies issuing fatwa 'allowing husbands to eat wives in case of extreme hunger'
Selfish Shellfish Cells Cause Contagious Clam Cancer
Ted Cruz is tired of the media making him look bad with accurately quoted remarks
Amazon pulls 'horrific' Rescue The Anorexic Girl app after outrage from campaigners
2 From Detroit Police Accused Of Robbing Drug Dealers
Vice President Biden Steals A Baby's Pacifier
College Junior Samir Hill Who Crossed Up Philadelphia Officers in Pick-Up Basketball Game Is Arrested By Cops Days Later
$70,000 Worth of Bull Semen Stolen
$70,000 canister of bull semen missing from Minnesota farm
So, this is what hardcore 'Christian porn' looks like
Russia tries to ban memes
Rand Paul gives "Defeat the Washington Machine" talk in front of USS aircraft carrier Yorktown.
The Kremlin declares war on memes
Teens Covered in Hay Walk Through Czech Villages Every Easter and Nobody Knows Why.
Biden Steals Pacifier from Bloomberg Grandchild (w/ photo)
New lizard species found in Van
Washington Deputies Find Cabin That Family Reported Stolen
Shoplifter Hiding In Ceiling Stole $8.50 Worth Of Goods
The New Delhi Rape Festival In India Begins This Week
Photo of cat on stairs threatens to become next #TheDress
Robbed at gunpoint; forced to do this one little trick..
Local Police: $70K In Bull Semen Stolen From Minnesota Farm
Natasha Hope-Simpson, prosthetic leg user, gets note saying she 'should be ashamed'
The Ku Klux Klan Protests Westboro Baptist Church And Their Hateful Anti-American Tactics
World's first head transplant volunteer could experience something "worse than death"
Dog Didn't Bite Man, Blind Pot Customer Tells French Court
They could accuse any detectives... any 10 detectives... he did nothing wrong. Putting things into detectives' pockets is standard procedure.
61-year-old follows her dreams to become a PORN star
Another chainsaw-wielding man arrested in Quebec
Godzilla appointed Tourism ambassador in Tokyo
Saudi Grand Mufti DENIES fatwa allowing men to eat wives
Reddit CEO Ellen Pao Bans Salary Negotiations To Equalize Pay For Men, Women
Clinton Goofs on Russian Translation, Tells Diplomat She Wants to 'Overcharge' Ties
Kim Jong-un learned to drive at three years old, according to propaganda
Australian nurse and son being deported because her 10 year old child was diagnosed with Autism.
Seven Other Things That Have Been Declared 'Unsafe' at Colleges
Cops: Robber Carried Bag With Dollar Sign
Two Asians and a Selfie Stick
White House Installs First Gender-Neutral Toilet
Minnesota jack pine chopped down two days after setting state record
Middle school student charged with cybercrime in Holiday
Pennsylvania police use PlayStation to track down murder suspect
Mayor Sued After Blowing Budget On Giant Robot Statue
The man with the HALF-STONE penis: 45-year-old who enlarged himself with silicone injections is now so big he struggles to have sex
Bark in the Park 2015 canceled by dog flu
Three foreign tourists arrested for molestation in Japan after thinking it was normal behavior
The pound has fallen to its lowest level against the dollar for nearly five years
Russia just banned celebrity memes
University of Chicago to spend $25,000 to teach students how to 'hang out'
Puerto Ricans who can't speak English qualify as disabled for Social Security
Petition Aims to Rename Lake Michigan 'Lake Wisconsin'
Group hopes recycled hotel soap helps save lives worldwide
Facebook claims 'a bug' made it track nonusers
The singer of the Beach Boys has never heard of punk rock
Teen carjacker needed victim's help driving stick shift, police say
Koran-burning pastor Terry Jones announces candidacy for US president
Puget Sound Lawmaker Pitches New Bridge Built With Old Aircraft Carriers
Florida Teen Charged With Felony Hacking For Changing Desktop Wallpaper
Vatican suspected of rejecting gay French ambassador
St. Johns man accused of hitting bus driver with Snickers bar
Teen who dug up ashes took wrong urn
Iranians think that the Hawaii Sex Offender App is a Sex Chat App (translate the reviews) (cross-post from r/hawaii)
Russia just made a ton of Internet memes illegal
Baldness treatment: Properly plucking hairs can encourage new follicles
Biden takes toddler's pacifier, sucks on it
The 'boycott halal' campaign just took stupid to a whole new level, targeting Jacob's Creek wines
Man undergoing head transplant could experience something a lot worse than death
Fatwa of Turkish Muslim authority: Toilet paper is permitted
Construction crane falls on museum - and everyone just assumes it is art
Wall Street Pizzeria Cooks Up $50 Black Truffle-Laden Personal Pie
Construction crane falls on museum, everyone assumes it's a new sculpture
Ted Cruz tells Iowa group that gays are waging 'jihad' against Christians
Argentine judge orders arrest warrant for Justin Bieber
onstruction crane falls on museum, everyone assumes it's a new sculpture
Kim Jong Un: Let the kids have Hello Kitty, Disney characters on socks
"You shall not pass" - Van driver stopped watching Lord of the Rings DVD on M25
Philly cops arrest college student after he embarrasses them in pickup basketball
Ukip candidate under investigation for handing out food to potential voters
Pillsbury Dough Boy Dead at 71. Obituary.
Coca-Cola, Taco Bell Sponsoring a Wellness Event in Boston
Ottawa mother of 7 abandons anti-vaxxer views as kids hit with whooping cough
'The market is rigged' - Michael Lewis
Would-Be UKIP MP Quizzed Over Sausage Rolls
Woman, 20, suddenly wakes from coma, is told she had baby
Over $3,000 in chicken stolen from Toledo KFC
NY teen digs up wrong grave while searching for father's ashes
Mystery train ejaculator who sprayed semen on 100 women is caught at last
Tokyo cops arrest serial splasher of bodily fluids
8-foot-long carnivorous cat-eating lizards are invading Florida
Man kicks owl while paragliding, outrage ensues
Ex-TV pitchman unrepentant after kicking owl while paragliding
Former Utah TV pitchman accused of kicking owl from paraglider agrees to gun search at home
Anti-vaxx mom abandons movement - after all seven her of her kids get whooping cough
Texas DMV Revokes License Plate over Upside-Down Dirty Word
Irish company turns anti-gay pamphlets into confetti for LGBT weddings
Washington state man found guilty of trying to move river
Clam Cancer Spreads Along Eastern Seaboard
Pope Francis 'refuses' gay French ambassador
Don't blame eclipses on President Obama
Jaden Smith Wears a Dress, Doesn't Care What You Think
Isis advertises 10 jobs in the 'caliphate' including press officers, bomb makers and teachers
France TV5Monde passwords seen on cyber-attack TV report
This 84-Year-Old Refused a Million Dollars and Forced a Shopping Mall to Build Around Her House
Fans to Netflix: Make Daredevil accessible to the blind
Days of U.S. Meddling in Latin America Long Gone: Obama
New .sucks domain stirs up storm over free speech
Russia is outlawing celebrity memes
Man drives into 2 kids, father; then gets out and punches father
New Monkey Species Identified From Its Unusual Penis And Scrotum
Spain's self-styled cupid comes under attack for his 'caravans of women'
In an Iowa courtroom, an astonishing case of sex and Alzheimers
Is she really the one?
Austin school district: Student mistook teacher's umbrella for gun
The president of Ecuador just tweeted "Heil Hitler"
Attorney General To Employees: You Can't Solicit Prostitutes, Ever
Former TV Pitchman Heading To Trial After Refusing To Admit He Kicked An Owl While Paragliding
Former TV pitchman will go to trial in owl harassment case
Woman Charged With Goldfish Mass Murder
Authorities: Devastated Fairdale house contains 'mean monkey'
Why I got emotional over a can of Mountain Dew
8th-grader faces felony charge for changing teacher's desktop background
Philly PD Declares Every Driver To Be 'Under Investigation'
Eighth-Grader Arrested, Charged With Cybercrimes For Changing Teacher's Desktop Wallpaper
Sandra Bullock dials 911 from inside cupboard after stalker breaks into house with love letter
Ferrari Formula One Car Has A Dick Butt In UPS Logo
Wedding Ruined After Groom Accidentally Serves Guests Ketamine Instead Of Powdered Alcohol
Russia's defence ministry unveils clothing line inspired by 'Crimean spring'
Darren Sharper may be subject to penis monitoring until he dies
Obama says concerned China bullying others in South China Sea
New Species Of 'Terror Bird' Discovered In Argentina
New York Taxi Mogul, Seeking a Bailout, Says He's Too Big to Fail
Fire preempts closing rites for disaster prep seminar
Do Not Release Gopher Tortoises Into The Ocean
Australian government spends $4 million on 'stop-the-boats' telemovie
Instagram Removes Photo Of Woman's Period Blood, Apologizes
Richard Dreyfuss Sues Disney Over 'What About Bob?' Profits
Bull semen worth $70,000 stolen from LeRoy farm
Lancaster County man left store with 'slab of beef' in his pants, police say
Judge reduces child rapist's sentence because "there was no violence or callous disregard for [the victim's] well-being"
Education Queensland child safety director Brett Anthony O'Connor facing child sex charges
8th-grader faces felony hacking charge for changing teacher's desktop background
Washington robbery suspect used bag printed with dollar sign
$70K in bull semen stolen from Minnesota farm.
Umbrella mistaken for gun prompts Akins lockdown
Chinese Communist Party Officials Orgy Photos Leak on Web
Mumbai food firms row over BBC brand
Turkish Muslims now permitted to use toilet paper
A Hermaphrodite Goat Could Be The Ultimate Scapegoat
Construction crane falls on museum, people think it's art
Chris Hansen is using Kickstarter to revive To Catch a Predator
Cops Lose At Basketball Game to 5'7" College Student, then DETAIN Him
Philly Cops Challenge Black College Student to Pickup Basketball Game - and Arrest Him After He Beats Them | Alternet
Wisconsin Bans State Workers from Discussing Climate Change, and a Trend is Born
Plucking All Your Hairs May be a Good Solution to Baldness
Ontario Drivers Overpaid $840M For Auto Insurance A Year
$70,000 Worth of Bull Semen Stolen From Minnesota Dairy Farm
Boy, 5, claims he lived past life as thirtysomething woman who died in Chicago hotel fire decades ago
Henry Ford was the first Industrial Giant to give his workers both Saturday and Sunday off, in hope that it would encourage more leisure use of automobiles, and thus popularizing the idea of the "weekend".
How kicking a trash became criminal for a 6th grader
Manage My MetLife Account with MyBenefits Login
Brett O'Connor, head of child protection in Queensland schools, charged with historical sex abuse offences against pupils at two Sydney private schools
Teenage thug attacked paramedic after he was caught trying to have sex in ambulance meant for sick pensioner
Ex-NFL star Darren Sharper to undergo bizarre penile testing as part of plea deal in serial sex assault case
Lost wallet returned 14 years later, with more money
Armored Truck Dash for Cash on Highway Prompts Police Warning
Police in Malawi ordered to shoot anyone that attacks an albino, as their limbs are used in luck charms
How To Tie A Square Knot Eagle Scout
Swords at dawn - Polish Prince challenges Farage to duel
Dog walkers in Northamptonshire could be fined up to £1,000 if they cannot produce a 'poop bag'
Americans stuck in Yemen file suit against State, Defense departments
TIL a pigeon was held in India and kept under police guard on allegation of spying for Pakistan
Godzilla named tourism ambassador in Tokyo
BRONX WOMAN MARRIED 10 TIMES NOW CHARGED WITH NOT PAYING SUBWAY FARE
New monkey discovered by scientists - who noticed its unique penis
Battle flags presented to military units of Azerbaijani Army on frontline
Teacher Who Had Sex With Student Posts Celebratory Selfie After Escaping Jail
Andrew Joseph Lobban Allegedly Murdered Friends Over Video Prank
Dads jumping next to their daughters is Japan's latest photo trend
Eric Holder warns DOJ personnel not to solicit prostitutes
Christian family band in giant Wal-Mart parking lot brawl
Teenager jailed after trying to have sex in an AMBULANCE when paramedics left the doors open while collecting a 92-year-old patient
Jim Broadbent to star in Teletubbies relaunch
[NSFW]Woman claims Twerking is her career
Jim Broadbent Joins BBC 'Teletubbies' Reboot
Christian family band members in deadly parking lot brawl
Can Cells From a Baby's Foreskin Give You Youthful Skin?
Jerry Seinfeld and Wale "The Album About Nothing"
Batavia teen digs up wrong ashes
Mixed drink mix up: Family claims Benihana gave 3-year-old girl alcohol in kids cup
Prediksi Persija vs Persebaya 12 April 2015
Woman Claims To Be Professional Twerker: Jessica Vanessa, Vine's Most Famous Booty Shaker
RUSSIAN MAN BECOME THE FIRST PERSON IN THE WORLD TO UNDERGO COMPLETE HEAD TRANSPLANT
Shady character: Mother's hat and sunnies deemed a supermarket 'security risk'
SF Man Acquitted Of Apartment Burglary -- He Thought He Was In A Spaceship
"It's all about the Crips" - West Fargo man accused in gang-related beating
Ottawa mother of seven abandons anti-vaxxer views as kids hit with whooping cough
First Hologram Protest in History Held Against Spain's Gag Law
LDS Church asks U.S. Supreme Court to rule against same-sex marriage
Science Has Discovered Why Your Parents Hate Your Music
Cabbie Ordered to Pay Lesbian Couple $10K for Telling Them to Stop Kissing
Lacey Spears: Mother gets 20 years in prison for killing son by force-feeding him salt
Man charged with possession of marijuana... and for giving a horse a blow job.
Chunk of $6M from Lufthansa heist was spent on animated film project about ferrets, mob rat claims in book
Man takes selfie kissing horse, watch what happens next
Baboon bone found in famous Lucy skeleton
Bob Costas reads Snapple Facts about lonely Swiss guinea pigs during 19-inning baseball game
Judge Reduces Sentence of Child Rapist, Says He Didn't "Intend" to Harm 3-Year-Old He Sodomized
Fast & Furious 7: Mum attacked by noisy thugs after asking them to be quiet during cinema screening
Argentina requests Interpol notice for Bieber's arrest
Teenager Charged With Felony for Changing Teacher's Desktop Photo
Some Prankster Got a Meme Called "Dick Butt" Placed on a Formula 1 Car
Bored Yankee fans at last night's marathon game threw dollar bills at lower deck to see if fans would fight over them. (x-post from /r/baseball)
FAMILY ATTACKED FOR SHUSHING TEENS IN MOVIE THEATER
"Hunky Jesus" Forced to Cede Title After Shocking Discovery That He Believes in Jesus
Sprint Fined $15.5 Million After Charging Feds for Government-Mandated Wiretapping Upgrades
Revolutionary: Russian man to undergo first head-to-body transplant
NIH spending $5 million to discourage hipsters from smoking
College Student Who Crossed Up Philly Cops in a Pickup Game Is Later Arrested by Same Cops
Postal Service releases Maya Angelou stamp with quote from another author
New York Woman Marries 10 Times as Part of Immigration Scam
TV5Monde hack: staff accidentally show passwords in report about huge cyber-attack
Dick Butt makes it into the Grand Prix.
Sussex Police drop 'victim-blaming' poster after complaints
Air Canada flight diverts after elderly woman allegedly bites attendant
An Indiegogo campaign to rent a billboard saying Indiegogo supports racist cops
Darren Sharper May Have Penis Monitored As Part Of Probation, Report Says
Mary Kay Letourneau Wants To "Return To Teaching"
Pregnancy. Obesity. And lies.
Truckers blamed for 'piss jugs' littering highway ditches
Warwick Castle trebuchet fireball 'sparked boathouse blaze'
Boy partially blinded by fairy wand loses High Court case.
Sharia law fears from nine lawmakers could dismantle Idaho's child support enforcement system
Bay man shot police dog as it attacked his pet rabbit
Note: Woman with prosthetic is 'not handicapped' and 'should be ashamed'
Petition: Rename Lake Michigan 'Lake Wisconsin'
What happened when a Wiccan witch blessed Iowa legislators
Saudi grand mufti denies issuing fatwa permitting man to chop up and eat wife in event of extreme hunger
Florida Man Breaks Into Ex's Home, Poops on Everything
Heinous Waste of Money Officially Begins
'Gang rape' on Florida beach witnessed by hundreds who did nothing, sheriff says
Money falls from Yankee Stadium upper deck
Anti-vaxxer Abandons Cause After Her 7 Kids Get Whooping Cough
Clorox Accused of Racism for Asking Why There's no Bleach Emoji
Sad: Clorox Deemed Racist, Forced To Apologize Because It Makes Things White
Cops nab murder suspect who played with victim's stolen PlayStation
Boy arrested after changing his teacher's desktop background to two men kissing
Maya Forever: USPS Snafu with the Maya Angelou Commemorative Stamp
Teen Attacks Paramedic Who Stopped Ambulance Sex Session
Vietnam vet surprised over 'CIB-69' license-plate denial
Tennessee woman awakens from months-long coma, learns she gave birth
In the Middle East, our enemy's enemy must be our friend
Woman Gets Accused Of Sleeping With Entire Wu Tang Clan On 'Divorce Court'
Removing Mulayam wallpaper crashes laptops, say students
New York City woman accused of marrying 10 times without ever getting a divorce
Once the big bird on campus, a wild turkey's university days are over
Slurpee fans fill up buckets, coolers for Bring Your Own Cup day at 7-Eleven
Man Who Ejaculated On Over 100 Women On Train Is Finally Caught
Man Fights For His Right To Wear A Colander As 'Religious Headgear' In License Photo
Meet the woman who married an ordinary guy - who turned into a tattooed FREAK
Convicted former NYPD boss seeks prison reforms
Were Lincoln and Nixon gay? The 'history' book that is dividing America
Game of Thrones Season 5 Episodes Leaked
Reality Check: Is giving voters sausage rolls illegal?
Russian public movement seeks 'anti-troll' police, fines for fake accounts
Video: LA Cops Led On Snail's-Pace Car Chase
Sea Lion Wanders to Imperial Beach High School, Gets "Detained" by Deputies
Airport Security Raked In Nearly $675,000 In Loose Change Last Year
Ice cream truck held up at gunpoint
Is atheism linked to autism? Controversial study points to relationship between the two
Law & Order: SVU fake sex allegations lead to teacher lawsuit. Female student ripped damning allegations against teacher from TV show, arbitrator says
Sex with 919 men in a day
Apple's new diverse emojis are even more problematic than before
The Rock is threatening cod stocks, but not the Rock you think
Argentinian man dies after having sex with a scarecrow
Should I tell my fiancée that I'm bisexual and had sex with her dad?
Delicious bacon smell leads police to pork thieves
Abused babies contracting sex infections
Minnesota Thieves Steal $70,000 Worth Of Bull Semen
2-Year-Old Falls into Cheetah Cage, Dangled by Parents
Best Secret Wealth Box Review - Special Bonus - Discount
Law & Order: SVU fake sex allegations lead to teacher lawsuit
Mayor sued for building statue of giant robot. Mayor responds, "Respect the robot"
Brian Wilson Didn't Know What Punk-Rock Was Until Recent Interview
Ohio zoo: Mom dangling toddler over cheetah pit when he fell
Chinese Sex Ed Now Relying On Giant Inflatable White Woman
Police: Shooting suspect wants 'to chill this weekend,' will turn himself in next week.
Woman who shushed talkative teens at 'Furious 7' screening beaten outside mall theater.
Dad: Affordable housing plan led to son's demotion in league
Man flirts with head of International Monetary Fund under guise of serious interview
Aquarium Rehabilitates Sea Turtle That Died Twice
8th Grader Faces Felony Charges For Changing Teacher's Computer Background
Boob Job Funded By Taxpayers In England
Mom Dangling Toddler Over Cheetah Pit When He Fell
Canada's maple syrup cartel puts squeeze on small producers
U.S. Air Force honor guard faces rubber chicken test
Teen trashes mom's car after she takes cellphone away
Yikes! Bastard cabbage weed runs wild in North Texas
Oklahoma Man Eric Harris Fatally Shot by Deputy Who Meant to Fire Taser
Hebro Presents First-Ever Gay Jewish Auschwitz Tour
Men more likely than women to time-travel and kill Hitler, study shows
Dogs have been found to have 98% reliability rate in sniffing out prostate cancer in men.
Ask Amy: Woman plans dream wedding, chooses wrong guy
Dogs trained to detect prostate cancer with more than 90% accuracy
Anti-vaxxers change stance right before all 7 kids get whooping cough.
Parents Drop Infant Into Cheetah Exhibit
IBM's Watson supercomputer has whipped up a cookbook
Eighth-Grader Arrested, Chargd With Cybercrimes For Changing Teacher's Desktop Wallpaper
Green jackfruit: is 'pulled pork for vegetarians' the next big food craze? | Life and style | The Guardian
Suspicion Arises Over How Blond Bombshell Teacher Got Unbelievable Plea Bargain For Sex with Minors
Green jackfruit: is 'pulled pork for vegetarians' the next big food craze?
Grilled cheese lovers have more sex, study says
Pokémon is the origin of many teens homosexuality according to Pastor Creflo Dollar
Police: Woman Left Quadriplegic Son in Woods, Visited Lover
Lad With 4.3kg Penis Can Unsurprisingly No Longer Have Sex
California cop accused of tickling, tampering with corpse of man killed by police
Austin woman attacks boyfriend with Xbox
Armed rangers on armed guard 24/7 protect the last male northern white rhino left on Earth
Staggered by historical preservation survey costs, Kyoto turns to anime girls to save its subway
4 Things You Learn Writing Online For Free
Rowers attacked by flying Asian carp
Tennessee church sign: 'Remember, Satan was the first to demand equal rights'
Cancer sufferer spit roasts himself to kill deadly cells
Kotoko lost Champions League because they 'watch too much porn'
Driver crashes £250,000 Lamborghini supercar metres from primary school then "tells onlookers he'd just go out and buy another one tomorrow"
Obama endorses Hillary Clinton for president
Driver Talks to People, Appears to Hand Objects Out to Onlookers During Slow-Speed Chase in South L.A.
'Penile plethysmograph' test to gauge arousal part of Darren Sharper's strict post-prison deal
Christian Family Band Members in Deadly Arizona Parking Lot Brawl, Police Say
Wanaah Bail transfers from UCLA after missing second half of season
Cuban Intel Chief Leads Brawl against Dissidents in Panama
UKIP claims cycle lanes discriminate against the elderly because cyclists 'are usually young'
Chess grandmaster thrown out of tournament and facing 15 year ban after being caught cheating on his smartphone in the toilet
HBO's "Silicon Valley" leans in: The bro-tastic startup culture confronts its woman problem in season 2
Bad move: Grandmaster caught cheating at chess in a lavatory
Judge slams victims for tot's 'black males' fear
German mother of 13 is pregnant with quadruplets - at the age of 65
First human head transplant
Democratic Presidential Candidate Vermin Supreme
Bill Kristol floats Dick Cheney as "the most promising" of possible 2016 GOP candidates
HBO still hasn't heard from Scientology lawyers for 'Going Clear'
Long-awaited espresso machine for Italian astronaut set to arrive at ISS
Russia bans the use of memes
Rand Paul is selling novelty Hillary Clinton hard drives
Man crashes car, jumps off bridge while yelling to police, "Hey, ya'll! Check this out!"
IKEA Will Produce & Ship 10,000 Flat-Pack Emergency Shelters Around the World
Teacher, 65, Set to be Oldest Mother of Quads, Already has 13 Children
IKEA to Produce & Ship 10,000 Flat-Pack Emergency Shelters
OED literally redefine 'literally' to mean 'literally' and 'not literally' both at the same time
Boy entering all-girls high school creates real-life harem anime
Oxford's English Dictionary literally redefine 'literally' to mean 'literally' and 'not literally' both at the same time
Man v. Food Star Adam Richman Goes Vegan
Dog Owners Threatened With $750,000 Fine Over Missing Dog Posters
Comcast's New Internet Service Crushes Google Fiber
Kanye West tries to walk on water at surprise concert in Armenia
1-Year-Old Shot and Killed by 3-Year-Old in Cleveland
Does feminism mean a man can't pay for a first date? Hell no
Florida man wearing 'I have drugs' T-shirt arrested on drug possession charges, police say
Angry Neighbour Storms Stage To Make Noise Complaint At Sydney Event
Driverless train runs backwards for 27km
Lou Holtz is leaving ESPN
'I wouldn't have married her if I'd known she had deformed nipples': ex-husband of Australia says
Terminally ill man set to be first to undergo the world's first full head transplant
Israeli Shin Bet (Security Services) Miraculously Extract a Confession from a Man for a Crime that Never Actually Happened.
65-year-old woman set to become oldest ever to give birth to quadruplets
Police shut down concert after Kanye West jumps into lake
Oklahoma reserve deputy mistakes gun for Taser, accidentally shoots, kills suspect (video)
65-Year-Old German Mom of 13 Expecting Again - This Time Quadruplets
Man gets prison sentence for collecting rainwater on his own property
Florida teen charged with felony hacking for using password his teacher showed him
Boyfriends Accuses His Woman of Sleeping with Wu-Tang Clan on DIVORCE COURT
Vietnam vet loses bid for '69 license plate
Man, 36, killed in crash at Disney's Exotic Driving Experience
Police officer 'confuses gun for taser' and shoots black suspect - Independent.ie
Polish prince challenges Nigel Farage to a duel over immigration question.
Alcopop! Releases Blank Song Filled With 'Wit and Wisdom' of UK Politician Nigel Farage
Man accuses his wife of sleeping with the entire Wu-Tang Clan on Divorce Court.
A man accused his wife of sleeping with the entire Wu-Tang Clan on Divorce Court.
Man Accuses Girlfriend Of Boning Entire Wu-Tang Clan on Divorce Court
Polish Prince challenges UKIP leader Nigel Farage to a duel in Hyde Park!
Lamborghini, Ferrari in 'fast and furious' Beijing crash
Cheap AEG fuse base deals At Socomtactical
Authorities: Neighbor forced man onto high-rise balcony, microwaved his wallet
Polish prince challenges Nigel Farage to 18th Century-style duel
'I wouldn't have married her if I'd known she had deformed nipples': ex-husband
Pentagon Deploys 'May I Kiss You?' Training
Children's picture book about male penguins raising chicks offends US library users.
Posted in: Celebrity News Posted: April 10, 2015 Lauren Hill's Death Confuses Some Fugees Singer Lauryn Hill Fans, Who Didn't Die
Rand Paul is selling a Hillary Clinton hard drive
French railway sues after cycling race crossed tracks
Lauren Hill's Death Confuses Some Fugees Singer Lauryn Hill Fans, Who Didn't Die
Judge slams victims for tot's 'black men' fear
Boyfriend accuses girlfriend of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan
Woman beats man with belt after argument over another woman in hot tub, report says
Bold Bandits Strike Same Gas Station Three Times
Being overweight 'reduces dementia risk'
Laura Bush 'Shocked' at Initial Barbara Bush Hesitancy to Support Jeb Bush's White House Bid
Two Texas Fire Chiefs, Five Firefighters Arrested Over Horrific Hazing Allegations Involving Chorizo Sausage
This woman slept with the entire Wu-Tang Clan, according to her crazy, jealous boyfriend on 'Divorce Court.' | Marriage
HIF returning to work after 2 weeks of sick leave...
Gay penguin story on list of disputed library books
Man accuses ex of sleeping with all of Wu-Tang Clan on Divorce Court
Tiger Woods says 'boner pops out' during final round of the Masters
Polish Prince challenges Nigel Farage to a sword duel over immigration comments.
Man on 'Divorce Court' accuses girlfriend of cheating on him with Wu-Tang Clan
Large quantum computers closer to reality
General Election 2015: Polish prince challenges Nigel Farage to a duel over immigration question.
WikiLeaks accuses Hillary Clinton of stealing its 'innovative' Twitter logo design for her campaign
Bacon burglar goes from fry-up to lock-up
Rogue Microwave Ovens Are the Culprits Behind Mysterious Radio Signals
Hillary Clinton's Presidential Campaign "Has Stolen" Our Logo, Says WikiLeaks
Vampire bats have a taste for bacon
Man goes to jail for collecting rainwater on his property
We're more religious than our parents' generation
Clorox Apologizes After Emoji Tweet Sparks Outrage
Clorox Forced to Apologize for RACISM Because Its Bleach Makes Things WHITE
Toddler disc jockey fascinates fans in South Africa
Florida man warned about stalking nuisance squirrels, police say
Florida Cops Use Tank For Routine Traffic Stop, Assault Man For Flipping Them Off
Kanye West mobbed after jumping in lake during gig
Chess star cheats in tournament ... from the bathroom
Asda survey: One in four British children think haddock is a soccer player
U.S. to Start Training Nazi Troops in Ukraine, on April 20th, Hitler's Birthday Washington's Blog
Indiana man too busy 'chilling' to turn himself over to cops for role in shooting of five victims
Maryland Parents Panic When Their Kids Are Once Again Confiscated By CPS
Woman doused with gasoline, set afire in South Seattle
Ryan Reynolds hit by a car in Vancouver, won't to talk to CBC about it unless they bring Beachcombers back
Melbourne law student ran naked through Byron Bay kebab shop as a 'dare'
Drivers urged to return cash that fell from Brinks truck on I-20 in Weatherford
Sheriff's Office: Reserve deputy who fired fatal shot was among 'lots of' wealthy donors in reserve program
Man shoots at armadillo, bullet hits mother-in-law
ISSpresso, long-awaited coffee machine, set to arrive at space station
Mother goes angry after Facebook removes the picture of her newborn baby without a nose
Pokemon to blame for homosexuality, claims church
Second World War pilot who survived 70 missions over Nazi-occupied Europe dies at 92 after being knocked down in hit-and-run while out to buy a newspaper
Mysterious Radio Signals Came From Microwave Oven, Not Outer Space
Earth's Last Male Northern White Rhino Gets Personal Armed Bodyguards
Indiana's Religious Freedom Law Inspires Pot Church
Giant shooting range aims to become date night central: Guns and love as the perfect match?
The marijuana industry's newest customers are sick and elderly dogs
Barry Bonds doesn't understand all the Alex Rodriguez haters
Washington State Wants to Build a Bridge Out of Old Aircraft Carriers
Man with 4.3kg enlarged penis can no longer have sex
UKIP declares war on cycle lanes - because they 'discriminate against the elderly and infirm'
Meth Lab Party Ends With Tragedy
Bournemouth 10km racers run 13km after marshalling error
Drake Left In Shock (Or Pain) By Madonna Makeout
Burglar steals cash after pretending to install safe
METH LAB PARTY ENDS IN TRAGEDY
Busker playing ukulele sings 'f*** off back to Eton with all your Eton chums' to David Cameron
Hologram protesters march in Spain against controversial 'security' law
Kanye Jumps in a Lake, Fails to Walk on Water
Film inspired by Gareth Thomas relocated to Ireland as the US 'won't get Wales'
Parkes Observatory: Extraterrestrial messages or microwave noodles?
Gay Couple in Hillary Clinton Campaign Clip Prompts '18+' Age Warning on Russian TV
Russia has banned memes
Australian koalas get star treatment before flying to Singapore
Man accuses girlfriend of sleeping with entire Wu-Tang Clan
Cop once hailed as a hero now accused of tickling a dead man's toes
Farrah Abraham Opens Up About Future Career: 'I Look Forward To Adding A Doctorate To My Other Degrees'
Divorce court: Man accuses girlfriend of sleeping with entire Wu-Tang Clan
High price of '.sucks' to be investigated
Sprint paying $15.5 million to feds to settle wiretapping fee lawsuit
Gwyneth Paltrow's food stamp challenge is the most Gwyneth Paltrow thing ever
Man accuses wife of sleeping with entire Wu Tang clan
Punishment for Kenyan gang rapists lifted from cutting grass to 15 years' jail
Rana René, aka Kermit the Frog, used in Mexican political propaganda; Disney may sue
Kermit the Frog used in Mexican political propaganda, Disney may sue
Hamas launches a campaign to combat 'extremist ideology,' says official.
'Free-range children' taken into custody again in Maryland
Dad of famous meme star 'Success Kid' severely needs new kidney
Georgian chess Grandmaster Gaioz Nigalidze caught cheating after hiding smartphone in tournament toilet
Kanye jumps in a lake, fails to walk on water during Armenia concert
Good Samaritan given parking ticket after stopping to help fallen pensioner
"Same-Sex Attracted Men and Their Wives" Ask Supreme Court to Rule Against Marriage Equality
Gwyneth Paltrow is Living off $29 Worth of Food This Week and People Are Not Impressed
Porn Star James Dean tells Men's Health how to toss a salad.
Ryan Reynolds hit by a car in Vancouver, won't talk to CBC about it unless they bring Beachcombers back
The Bitcoin Boy: 16-Year-Old Erik Finman Is in His Silicon Valley Prime
James Deen, the Porn Star, Explains How to Toss a Salad.
"Same-Sex Attracted Men and Their Wives" Ask SCOTUS to Rule Against Marriage Equality
Some McDonald's are now accepting Taco Bell receipts as payment
Marvel Explains How They're Going To Reboot Spider-Man This Time
Florida Woman Covers Husband in Barbeque Sauce, Chases Him With Butcher Knives
Mum didn't know she was pregnant until she gave birth on toilet for SECOND time
National Building Museum to Create a Giant Ball Pit Because Why Not
Which country has the least sexist banknotes?
Unborn Baby's Thumbs-Up Sign During Ultrasound Saves Her From Abortion
Chess Grandmaster Used Phone In Toilet To Cheat
Pennsylvania couple dies after Ford Model T skids off roadway and flips over
So... the NYPD Just Broke an NBA Player's Leg
Rep. Mike Stewart asks Haslam to veto 'starve the children' bill
Burger van owner accused of sex attack on cleaner in his roadside trailer
Former Republican congressman gets award for believing in climate change
Tori Spelling Rushed to Hospital After Falling on a Hibachi Grill at Benihana
Florida officials declare war on invasive, cat-eating lizards
We went to the Tonya Harding and Nancy Kerrigan museum
Man with two girlfriends, a super-kingsize bed and a lust for a third woman in his life
Tweeters suggest Hillary Clinton's logo resembles 9/11 attacks
Apple Sued Over Copycat Artist Work in 'Start Something New' Campaign
Study: More people could survive a tsunami if they walk faster
California Lawyer Matt McLaughlin Introduces "Kill the Gays" Ballot Initiative
Study: More people could survive tsunami if they walk faster
Republican Wins Award For Believing In Climate Change
'Divorce Court' guest accuses girlfriend of sleeping with Wu-Tang Clan
Bakersfield cop on leave after accused of tickling dead man's feet
Shotgun-toting officials seek Nile monitor lizards in Florida
Boy Faked His Kidnapping To Get Out Of Doing Chores
Ryan Reynolds demands return of Beachcombers after hit and run in Vancouver
Friends: Young woman who drove off overpass 'always had a smile'
And The Fate Of The Hermaphrodite Goat Is...
Bill Bans Toy Guns Near Schools, Real Firearms Still Permitted
Russia Bans Some Internet Memes That Mock Public Figures
Sea Lion Detained by Police After Trying to Attend High School
Volunteer Deputy Charged With Manslaughter After Mistaking Handgun for Taser - NYTimes.com
Man accused of having sex with dog- Dog on Top
Kanye West tried to walk on water and failed
Olivia Munn to play Psylocke in X-Men: Apocalypse.
Why Anne Mahlum left a $185,000 job to launch a D.C.-area fitness chain
Missoula man accused of sex with dog can't have contact with pets
Idaho lawmakers kill child support bill over fears of Sharia law
Cleveland zoo to press charges after mom dangles, drops son into cheetah pit
To Keep Women Safe, North Carolina GOP Tries to Stop Med Students From Learning How to Provide Safe Abortions
Shotgun-toting officials seek Nile monitor lizards in PB
Annegret Raunigk, Mother of 13 Kids, Having Quadruplets at Age 65
Study: More people can survive tsunami if they walk faster
'You're a goose': teen in court for stripping naked on schoolies to get free kebab
Spotify Says Ed Sheeran Puts More People To Sleep Than Any Other Artist
DEA: Cartels Now Smuggle U.S. Pot Into Mexico - US News
Fox Legal Analyst Claims Planting Weapons On Victims Used To Be Standard Procedure
76 year old millionaire insurance executive shoots unarmed black guy, Who was allowed to ride along with police after donating equipment to police department.
Republican Strategist: I Don't Need Hillary Clinton To 'Drown Me In Estrogen'
Underage drinker avoids ticket by beating police at Rock Paper Scissors
GOP strategist is tired of Hillary Clinton's 'woman thing': Don't 'drown me in estrogen'
Tulsa Sheriff's Office: Deputy who fired fatal shot meant to use Taser
'Divorce Court': Wife accused of sleeping with entire Wu-Tang Clan
Pyongyang Marathon: Americans Race to Run in North Korea
Alaska Airlines makes an emergency landing after screams heard in cargo hold.
Woman accused of telling 'boyfriend' she met online to close his eyes, hitting him with baseball bat
Alaska Airlines plane 'flew with worker trapped in cargo hold'
Alaska Airlines flight returns to Sea-Tac after 'banging' heard in cargo hold; ramp agent found inside
Convicted Rapist Darren Sharper Faces A Lifetime Of Penis Monitoring
On the Road, Hillary Clinton Stops for Lunch at Chipotle and Goes Unrecognized
Alaska Airlines flight returns to Seattle after worker trapped in cargo hold
Sleeping Seattle airport worker found trapped inside Alaska Airlines cargo hold after takeoff
Super-sized boobs save mum's life after she bumps bosom - and discovered cancerous lump as she rubbed it
St. Louis Archbishop Says He Didn't Know It Was Illegal For Priests To Have Sex With Kids
Denny's to Emeryville: Increasing the Minimum Wage Increases Crime [xpost /r/bayarea]
My boob job saved my life, says mother who discovered cancerous lump after knocking her breast implant on a door frame
Denny's to Emeryville: Increasing the Minimum Wage Increases Crime
Woman accused of telling 'boyfriend' she met online to close his eyes, hitting him with bat
In Congress, doing 'nothing' can mean doing something big
Couple killed after their 1926 Ford Model T slides off the road into a ditch
Dallas County Sheriff's Department car stolen
Phantom Ejaculator Arrested After Terrorizing Over 100 Women
Couple killed after their 1923 Ford Model T slides off the road into a ditch
Pornhub-Watcher 'Had No Other Choice' When His Mom Came Up The Stairs
Alaska 737 returns to Seattle after napping worker awakes in cargo hold
California policeman accused of tickling feet of man killed by officers
German mother of 13 pregnant with quadruplets at age 65
Man accuses wife of sleeping with Wu-Tang Clan
A London Church Is Holding a 'Gay Cure' Conference
Turkey crashes through window into building in downtown Kansas City
Man accuses girlfriend of sleeping with the entire Wu-Tang Clan
Gay Man Starts 'Bottom For Hillary' Campaign To Support Presidential Hopeful
SF Gay Man Starts 'I'd Bottom For Hillary' Campaign: SFist
Breaking Beheluli: A drug dealing model has been jailed after posting pictures of him surrounded by piles of cash on Twitter.
Exorcists warn Vatican over 'beautiful young vampires' and satanic yoga
YOUNG THUG CHANGES ALBUM TITLE 'CARTER 6' TO 'BARTER 6'
Men Are More Likely to Go Back in Time and Kill Hitler Than Women Are, Says Study
Worker stuck in jet cargo hold forces emergency landing
NC man arrested for DUI asks police in SC what state he's in
Study: 5,592 more would survive tsunami by walking faster
The addicting, apocalyptic psychology of 'The Button,' the Reddit game that ate the Internet
21 dog couples tie the knot in Beijing wedding ceremony
UK opposes international ban on developing 'killer robots'
The Octographer: An Octopus Was Trained to Take Photographs of Aquarium Visitors in Just Three Tries
Japanese woman slashes husband's face over toilet stink
1923 Model T Ford convertible skids off road, killing couple
Kim Jong-un Overcomes Dynastic Fear of Flying
Justin Beiber put in a choke hold and kicked out of Cochella
Oregon woman accused of hitting man on head with baseball bat, says she didn't want to date him
Philippines: World's first selfie museum opened in Manila. You can even climb on the sculptures.
Report: Police impersonator pulls over detectives
Chicago Mayoral Election Results 2015
Kanye offers free concert, is turned down
Pre-med student swipes ambulance during 21st birthday shenanigans
Chess player out of competition after toilet phone use
Man accused of sex with dog ordered to have no further contact with pets.
Toddler gets through White House barricade and onto grounds
ISIS Suspect Only Lied About Terrorism To Get Women In Bed: Lawyer
Plane returns to Sea-Tac after screams heard in cargo hold
After comparing Apple to Hitler, Chinese company reveals "Le Superphone"
General Election 2015: Cheltenham UKIP's 'Believe in Britain' leaflets were printed in Germany
Giant penis appears at Leckhampton Hill
Driver fined, told to apologise to his mum
Groom tries to suicide after meeting 'ugly' bride in arranged marriage
Runner celebrates early, loses race at the finish line
Man Accidentally Shoots Mother-In-Law After Bullet Bounces Off Armadillo
Norway sends first donut into space
Two 18-month-old twins drowned after their mother tried to fend off a bee and let go of their stroller, which rolled into a canal
Ryan Reynolds Returns To DEADPOOL Set In Full Costume After Hit And Run Accident, Paparazzi Arrested
Kanye West's Armenia show cut short after he jumps into lake
Woman squirts breast milk at police officer, refused bail
Daughters post Instagram on Recce plane
Premature celebration: Runner loses race after celebrating too early
Baggage handler snoozing in cargo hold wakes up in a panic - in the air
Without Financial Aid, a Preschool Is Out of Reach
Anti-wind Senators compare turbines to tobacco, pink bats
Time travel proven. Iran expects Russian missiles by end of 2014.
Ikea is now hosting online weddings using webcams
Woman 'squirts breast milk at cop' - Perth Now
Quadriplegic boy with cerebral palsy survives days stranded in wooded area after mom abandoned him to visit boyfriend: police
Attempts to dislodge cougar hiding under LA house fail
Iran expects Russian missiles by end of 2014
Woolworths under fire for Anzac 'Fresh in our Memories' social media campaign
Those with mental health conditions should wear wristbands, says Tory candidate for Cambridge
Justin Beiber Put in Chokehold, Kicked Out of Coachella
President of Finland adds UAE to list of countries he's skated in
Ikea wants to host your wedding - online
Cop suspended for tickling feet of dead body
Fox News Says 'Minority Communities' Need To be 'Trained' To be 'More Sensitive To The Police'
Russia Prepares to Block 136 Porn Websites
Officer with gun was refused medical treatment.
Wahabi Clerics issuing Fatwas of "Sexual Jihad" for FSA terrorist allowing them Raping Non-Sunni Women in Syria
CNN: From the mouth of babes, Biden steals pacifier from Bloomberg grandchild
Hillary Has More Facebook Fans In Baghdad Than Any US City
New York responders spend hours getting 700-pound man to hospital
Man Tears Tendon After Playing 'Candy Crush' for Weeks
Husband's poo smelled so bad his wife stabbed him
Row, row, row - yikes! Asian carp attack WashU rowing team at Creve Coeur Lake
N.Korea first lady appears in public for first time this year
Vatican exorcists: TV vampires and yoga are 'satanic' - 'just like reading Harry Potter'
Here's Your New Science-Backed Reason to Eat More Cheese
TSA Screeners At DIA Manipulated System To Grope Men's Genitals
Thousands Freed From Vomit-Spattered Diarrhea Boat
Famed P-22 mountain lion still stuck under house
Hillary Clinton goes unnoticed in Ohio Chipotle
Kim Kardashian Carries Cutout of Brother Through Armenia, Has North West Baptized in Jerusalem Church
Cookie Monster Arrested In Times Square After Allegedly Groping Teen
Threatened River Blockade poses risk to May Bumps
Scotland's new drink-driving law is so successful it's damaging the economy
Chess grandmaster accused of using iPhone to cheat during international tournament
Chimpanzee swats drone from sky; doesn't like being spied on
Man accidentally shoots mother-in-law after bullet ricochets off armadillo
Cookie Monster Arrested In Times Square After Allegedly Grabbing Teen's Breasts
Russia just reminded us that these Putin memes are illegal
Guy who spent $37,000 on a computer-science degree can't get a job at Best Buy's Geek Squad
Hindu Mahasabha leader calls for forced sterilisation of Muslims, Christians to restrict growing population
DC Councilmember Wants the City to Honor Comcast
Hilary eats at a Chipolet, goes unnoticed by staff and customers.
Tori Spelling in hospital with burns after falling on Benihana grill
Georgia man wounds mother-in-law after bullet ricochets off armadillo
Woman wounded in US armadillo shooting
Lawsuit against Downers Grove sperm bank moved to DuPage County
Exorcist warns the Vatican about the dangerous threat of sexy vampires
Man Arrested for Smoking Weed and Sucking Horse's Penis
Woman 'stabbed husband because his poo smelled so bad'
State-funded LGBT-organization put on a wetsex show for 15 year old students
Minnesota Senate keeps rule forbidding eye contact
CEO sets a minimum wage of $70,000 for everyone in his company
Calvin Harris has banned Taylor Swift from writing break up songs about him
Ecuador pretended to be Costa Rica. Costa Rica Not Amused
Woman wounded in armadillo shooting
Cards Against Humanity's breakup of Maine island stirs controversy
Ad offering 'Legit counterfeit $$' leads to arrest
After getting crushed by Uber, NYC taxi mogul demands a government bailout
SpaceX Resupply Mission Postponed Due To Bad Weather: ISS Espresso Machine Delayed
Twins drown in canal as mom tries to fend off bee.
ISIS Threatens Attack On New York In Gruesome Rap Video
US church claims Pokemon turned children gay
TSA Agent Reportedly Fired for Groping Genitals of Cute Men at DIA
Hillary Clinton's Chipotle Order: Above Average
Police: Twins drown in canal as mom tries to fend off bee
Perth woman sorry for squirting police officer with breast milk
IKEA To Launch an Online Wedding Service to Hold Virtual Ceremonies
Man uses katana to stop home invasion, this is the gory aftermath (NSFW)
TSA agents fired for conspiracy to fondle passengers at DIA
Georgia man aims at armadillo, shoots mother-in-law instead
Bakersfield Officer Placed on Paid Leave After Allegedly Tickling Feet of Man Shot Dead by Police
Boy is Given a 'Daddy Doll' to Fill in For His Absent Father
73 year old man facing rape charges for having sex with his wife who suffers from demintia.
Fox host: Minority communities need to be trained to be 'more sensitive to the police'
Barry Bonds cannot understand why people hate A-Rod
"Mystery mushroom" which leaves Xi'an villagers befuddled turns out to be artificial vajayjay
Sex, Dementia and a Husband on Trial at Age 78
Georgia Man Kills Armadillo, but Ricochet Hits Mother-in-Law
"F*** your breath" Body-cam shows unarmed man killed by OK Police
Man chokes Bieber; Now needs hand surgery
Mortal Kombat X charges players for "easy fatalities"
Georgia man kills armadillo but ricochet gunshot hits mother-in-law
Rapist is to get probation if he agrees to wear an erection detector
Cop Protects City by Issuing Citation to Man in Wheelchair for Not Having Proof of Disability Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/man-wheelchairs-transit-pass-confiscated-proof-disabled/#d707vdR3JpQffmwP.99
Ducks wander around downtown D.C. for no clear reason
Teen Bathes in Pig Blood to Preserve Youth
Exorcism Expert Warns Catholic Clergy Of 'Beautiful Young Vampires'
First donut launched into space from Norway
Apple's Russian Siri Accused of Homophobia
Two Denver Airport TSA Agents Fired For Alleged Plot to Grope Hot Men
Alright Quebec. I have had just about enough of your shit. Smarten Up!
Cops: Twins drown as mom fends off bee
Student Who Pranked His Teacher Should Get Detention, Not Jail and a Felony
Ecuador Tricks Citizens by Pretending to be Costa Rica. Costa Rica Not Amused
City of Dallas spends 26 thousand dollars taking care of a dog for a month.
What Will Be Socially Unacceptable In 2055?
'All cats caught,' Turkish official reassures public over Election Day blackouts
Architect Adam Leheup 'raped blind date and told her: girls say no, but they don't mean it'
Fake Shakespeare play Double Falsehood 'is genuine' after all
Iranian cleric: Father's fantasies during intercourse causes homosexuality
65-year-old German woman expecting quadruplets defends pregnancy
Equal pay for equal work? Michigan women will earn as much as men in 2086
Iranian Cleric: Women Must Provide Sex to Men at All Times
Florida ranked among worst states for retirement
Man shoots armadillo, bullet bounces, hits fence, goes through door, hits mother-in-law
Islamic Extremists Have Seized Control Of U.S. Cities, Says NRA Seminar
Guy who spent $37,000 on a computer-science degree can't get a job at Best Buy's Geek Squad Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/profile-of-corinthian-student-michael-adorno-2015-4#ixzz3XJiGDc3s
A twerking video has prompted a national debate in Russia - and an official inquiry
Man kills armadillo, but ricochet gunshot hits mother-in-law
Anti-vax mom changes her tune when all 7 of her children come down with whooping cough
Norwegian Bank robber admits on a popular talkshow to committing an earlier crime, thinking that the case was outdated/obsolete. (Google translated, original in comments)
CEO Planted Cocaine On Brother Then Paid Police $100K To Arrest Him
Toys 'R' Us in Quebec refuses to sell English-only Daniel Tiger doll
Woman who accused man of rape in order to get a lift home from the police is spared jail.
AL.com evacuates downtown building after suspicious egg left on step
Survey: Oil workers value job security over salary; oil executives value bonuses
Hillary Clinton Ad Campaign Prompts 18+ Warning In Russia For Clip Of Gay Couple
Hillary Clinton: I'm 'Going To Drink My Way Across Iowa'
Cookie Monster Gropes 16 Year Old Girl In Time Square
Nun stabs schoolboy to teach him about the suffering of Jesus
Man Shoots at Armadillo But Accidentally Hits His Mother-in-Law
Man tears tendon in his thumb after playing Candy Crush ALL DAY for 6 weeks
Chris Hansen using Kickstarter to get back to catching predators
Two TSA Agents Fired After Conspiring to Grope Men's Genitals
How I Smuggled 50M Worth of Guns Into Mexico
UKIP Candidate Cleared Of Sausage Roll 'Bribe'
When Hillary Goes to College to See 'Everyday Iowans' Students Get Locked In Their Classrooms
Economists Still Think Economics Is the Best
LIMP BIZKIT ARE BETTER THAN WHATEVER CRAP YOU'RE LISTENING TO RIGHT NOW
Paddy Power are offending everyone again
Famous Mountain Lion Evicted From House
Swedes launch first doughnut into space
Suspicious egg forces evacuation of al.com offices in downtown Birmingham
Fleeing War, Yemenis Arrive in Somalia
White People "Ruined" the Theme of "Fresh Prince of Bel-Air"
Verizon: You should love your mobile data cap because it's good for you
1,000-year-old onion and garlic eye remedy kills MRSA
Ecuador tourism stunt featuring Costa Rica sparks international row
Japan Has a Collagen-Infused Beer for Women, and It's Called Precious
Hard Hats Get Religious Challenge
Stung by Pope's Remarks on Armenian Genocide, Turkish Minister Insults Argentina
Kidnapping Foiled; Abductor Couldn't Drive a Stick Shift
Man shoots at armadillo, hits mother-in-law.
Man arrested for 'having sex with the North Sea'.
Parents under investigation again for letting kids play in park alone
Veteran says he was repeatedly put on hold by veterans' suicide hotline
Facebook struggles to distinguish traditional culture from offensive nudity
Mom throws underage drinking party, plays naked twister, and then has sex with daughters boyfriend.
Chess master gets boot for iPhone hidden in toilet
Students Renounce Their Citizenship to Save $100,000 over Four Years
Twin babies die after mom lets go of stroller to swat bee
Judge calls 3 year old victim racist for having pstd, lets armed home invader off with probation
18-month-old twins die in drowning accident after Ariz. mother lets go of stroller to swat bee
Vanilla Ice leaves Amish woman stunned as he blings out her bedroom with silk wall and 'house jewellery'
Anti-Vaxxer Fights For Exemption From Swimming Between The Flags
California Mandates 30% Reduction In Whimsical Frolicking Through Sprinklers
Dr. Money and the Boy with No Penis
Rolling Stones will help Georgia Tech's budget.
Man Who Choked Justin Bieber At Coachella Needs Surgery After Having Hand Shaken 100s Of Times
Evans mom charged with holding teen party involving sex, drugs, alcohol
Police: Florida man bites Shih Tzu named Cujo, rips dog's eye...
Man who calls himself the King of Inkland and keeps his nipples 'next to my sprouts in the freezer' claims workplace discrimination has stopped him from getting a job.
Illinois Man Fatally Assaults Baby Who Urinated On Him: Police
Police: Florida man bites Shih Tzu named Cujo, rips dog's eye out of socket
Border patrol intercepts maple syrup cans full of marijuana at Canadian border
Bloodthirsty Angel to Ring in New Year, for Better or Worse
Chimp Uses Branch to Swat Down a Drone and then Takes a Selfie With It
'Free-range' parents plan to file lawsuit after police pick up children
Teacher Calls Jacques Derrida's College Admission Essay on Shakespeare "Quite Incomprehensible" (1951)
County wants to make sure stripper school is shut
Racoon-husker selfie goes wrong
A.A. Sponsor Turns in Woman for Underage Party
Woman in online relationship with 'boyfriend' for 2 years bashes him in head with bat during first meeting
Vatican Exorcists Say Yoga, Harry Potter, TV Vampires Drive Us to the Devil
Centuries of Italian History Are Unearthed in Quest to Fix Toilet
Navy Builds Ship for F-35, Ship Needs Months of Upgrades to Handle F-35
Chef ticketed, facing $2,000 fine for feeding homeless in San Antonio
Tori Spelling Hospitalized After Falling on Hot Hibachi Grill at Benihana Restaurant
Does Russian-language Siri have a problem with gays?
Georgia Mother Accused Of 'Naked Twister Party' With Teen Daughter, Sex With Minor
Fast walking could spare thousands from NW tsunami, study says
Fox News host: Hillary Clinton ate at Chipotle for "Hispanic outreach"
Stick shift foils kidnapping attempt: Would-be abductor couldn't operate manual transmission
Excessive playing of Candy Crush ruptures man's tendon, fuels addiction concerns
IBM's supercomputer wrote a cookbook [x-post /r/food]
Christian Ministry Claims Pokemon Made '90s Kids Gay
Bullet bounces off armadillo, hits man's mother
A.A. Sponsor Turns in Evans Woman for Underage Party
Israel among the least religious countries in the world
Annoyed chimpanzee smacks drone out of sky in Dutch zoo
Cookie Monster Gropes Teen Girl in Times Square: Cops
'Should I not have done that?' Mike Duffy's team applies George Costanza defence at trial
Little Girl Tears Up Watching Mufasa Die in The Lion King
TSA screeners accused of groping men during checks at Denver airport
"Overzealous, dangerous patriotism": School nurse refused to treat student who didn't stand for Pledge of Allegiance
TSA Agents Fired For Scheming To Grope Attractive Male Passengers
Tread marks of Crocs plastic shoes help link Alaska man to downtown burglaries
Police: Coffee-loving pet parrot distracts Uniontown driver before crash
This ultra-Orthodox web site may be the first publication to remove Kim Kardashian from a photo
Man dies after falling from moving vehicle
March 30, 2015 - An iPad used by the Pope is being auctioned off for charity. When asked why the Pope said, "I gave up Candy Crush for Lent."
Girl beats cop in 'Rock, Paper, Scissors' to avoid punishment
Lawmakers approve online driving courses
Zombie worms ate plesiosaur bones
Comedy Cental Announces Upcoming Roast of Stephen Hawking
Koalas enjoy first class amenities on Qantas jet
Mathematician develops equation for 'hipster paradox'
Man shoots armadillo, bullet bounces off and goes through mobile home before hitting mother-in-law
Police: Texas woman helped starve toddler to rid him of 'demon,' tried to 'resurrect' him
Video shows Ariz. officer ramming suspect with car
Many memes are now illegal in Russia
School's drinking fountain actually hooked up to sewage plant
Fun runners 'in tears' after being sent extra 3k when 10k race marshall 'took a toilet break'
Victorian school's drinking fountain hooked up to sewage plant
Nutella to be discontinued at the end of 2015
Pope Francis's iPad fetches 28,500 euros at auction
White Men As Full Diversity Partners
Paranoid Guy Fattens Up His Own Girlfriend So Men Wouldn't Find Her Attractive
Man jailed for trying to rob Chinese takeaway with vacuum cleaner
Mother-of-three released on bail on assault charges after squirting BREAST MILK at a police officer during strip search
A Woman Squirted Breast Milk on a Police Officer and Got Charged With Assault
Kind Bars Aren't Healthy Enough for 'Healthy' Tag, FDA Says
Why white people aren't as cool as black people
man goes to the prom for the first time at 80
Source: 2 NYPD Officers Assaulted During Protest Over Police Violence
Florida teen arrested for changing teacher's desktop background
Georgia: Man accidentally shoots mother-in-law after bullet bounces off armadillo
Russian Nudists Plan to Bus in Naked Finns to Get Beach Back
Man accidentally shoots mother-in-law after his bullet bounces off an armadillo
Adana Alarm Sistemleri 0322 999 72 76
Man tears thumb tendon after playing Candy Crush non-stop
Man Blames Armadillo After Accidentally Shooting Mother-In-Law
A set of British twins separated at birth and raised by different adopted parents, fell in love and got married only to realise that they were brother and sister
A giant pair of hairy testicles are going to run in the London Marathon
Man held for stealing employer's undergarments
Mom Allegedly Played Naked Twister, Had Sex With Daughter's Boyfriend
Chess champ booted for cheating with iPod app in the loo
A Project to Turn Corpses Into Compost
Fukushima bottled water wins Gold Quality Award in Monde Selection
Apple bans selfie sticks from its developers conference
Teacher Fired For Having Kids Write Why They Hate Classmate on Blackboard
Upstate city stands up to website's 'cheap shots': Website mentions Spartanburg twice
Russian Girls Twerking in 'Patriotic' Costumes Cause Outrage
Two TSA agents fired for scheme to grope hot men
Duracell wants you to wirelessly charge by plugging in this dongle
Congress actually does something
Croc tracks lead to Fairbanks burglary suspect
Microsoft unveil cheap Lumia for 'young, ambitious' selfie-takers
China to document its tourists behaving badly
Cornell Teacher: "White People Aren't as Cool as Black People"
Podemos leader Pablo Iglesias gives King Felipe 'Game of Thrones' box set
Verizon - The Lure of Unlimited Wireless Data - Is It Necessary?
NJ legislator who sponsored anti-swatting bill gets swatted
Drone delivering asparagus to Dutch restaurant crashes and bursts into flames
Sheriff: Canadians tried to smuggle pot into MN inside maple syrup cans
Japanese artist goes on trial after making canoe out of her vagina
Female CEO Says Women 'Shouldn't Be President' Because Of 'Different Hormones,' 'Biblical Reasoning'
District pressured to bend rules for 19-year-old with special needs
This Doughnut In Space Went Where No Breakfast Pastry Has Been Before
This Is the First Doughnut to Be Launched Into Space
Police mistake black teen for burglar at white foster parents' home
All Hail This Nonstick Japanese Yogurt Lid
Russia unveils absurd clothing line inspired by the annexation of Crimea
Pasco sheriff doesn't flinch in the face of national ridicule over 'hacking' story
Watch the First Doughnut Being Launched Into Space
China Tells Its Tourists: Behave Overseas, Or Else...
Police: Mom Played Naked Twister With Teens, Sexed Multiple Teens
Portland International Airport hires 40 goats and a llama
Norman Music Festival Under Fire for Possibly Violating 2nd Amendment
Man tears tendon in his thumb after playing Candy Crush on his phone ALL DAY
The Segway is now Chinese
Norman Music Festival under fire for possibly violating Second Amendment
Mom receives angry letter from friends fed up with constant Facebook posts about her baby
Duracell Doesn't Understand Wireless Charging
BYU Cougarettes dance team wins national hip-hop competition
March Madness Goes All Religious & Sh$!
Minnesota Majority Leader Keeps No-Eye Contact Rule
The Latest Dog in the Fight For Medical Marijuana is an Actual Dog
Should Reddit's powerful mods be reined in?
Armed Robber Recognized by Store Clerk/Ex-Mother-in-Law.
Why I asked Anne Robinson to watch porn with me - video
The Last Male Northern White Rhino Left On Earth Is Protected By Armed Guards
Girl beats cop at rock, paper, scissors to get out of a ticket
Anti-vax mom changes her tune after all 7 of her children come down with whooping cough
Ringo Starr complains people are 'only interested in the eight years I was in The Beatles'
ECB chief hit by confetti protest
Kim Jong-un's Wife Resurfaces at Soccer Game
'Super Badger' the size of a pig terrorises pensioner
Horny Mom Threw Teen Daughter a Naked Twister Sex Party, AA Sponsor Says
Florida man high on flakka attacked officer, said he was God, had sex with tree, police say
Day After Obama Removes Cuba from Terror Sponsor List, Terror Group Sponsored by Cuba Kills 10
4 Strategies for Blogger Outreach | Online Public Relations
What govt values most...Look at how many pages are in the federal tax code | WashingtonExaminer.com
Chinese artists chosen to represent Kenya at Venice Biennale
Report: Mom hosts 'naked Twister party' with teens
Two TSA officers fired for scheme to grope hot men at Denver Airport
Simple but ingenious invention takes the ouch out of injections
Remains of Nazi Officer Discovered Inside 100-Year Old Giant Catfish
Taiwan woman honors husband by inviting strippers to his funeral
Guy punches his toddler in the face
Man Accused of Biting Off Part of Woman's Cheek During Argument
Cabbie who struck and killed Manhattan boy in crosswalk given only traffic ticket by judge, leaving parents outraged
Former MILF fighter behind deadly rampage is dead, says Philippines military
VIDEO: WARNING - Graphic footage: father punches young son in face
Georgia mom threw naked Twister party for underage teens, slept with minor: police
Chief Justice Roberts shows up for jury duty, not picked
Principal arrested for allegedly paddling female teacher as punishment.
Woman arrested for selling meth at Burger King in Ellijay
man holds chipotle employees hostage while he eats all the guacamole
Whatever you do, don't make eye contact... in the Minnesota Senate
Ruskin mailman lands gyrocopter on U.S. Capitol lawn to deliver campaign reform message to Congress
Russian-language Siri gave homophobic replies
Florida man lands gyrocopter on Capitol lawn
New Yorker inadvertently sets rental car on fire while trying to kill bedbugs
Horny Mother throws her teen a naked Twister game party
Man detained for landing gyrocopter on Capitol lawn
Woman sacked by Dutch central bank over second job as Nazi dominatrix prostitute
Hillary Clinton says she would support a constitutional amendment on campaign finance reform
Oregon couple awarded more than $200,000 in dog-barking case
Kentucky man charged with riding a horse under the influence
Student assaulted a girl in the dorms and texted her "sorry for literally raping you that was so not cool".
TSA officers fired for plotting to grope men
2 TSA officers fired after plotting to grope attractive men, police say
Tennessee House votes Bible as official state book
Chess champ's high-tech cheating scheme involved an iPod touch
CBC rebrands radio program 'Q' as 'q'
Black Activist Calls for Boycott of Rapper because his Girlfriend is too Light-Skinned
Charles Barkley Recalls Trying To Gain 20 Lbs In Two Days So The 76ers Wouldn't Draft Him
Hillary Visits College to See 'Everyday Iowans,' Students Get Locked In Their Classrooms
Alberta man, while in his underwear, fights cougar to save girlfriend's dog: 'I can't believe I did that'
Police stake out snares Brighton tree ninja
Charles Barkley recalls trying to gain 20 lbs. in 2 days so the 76ers wouldn't draft him
Carlsberg Makes Londoners Happy With a Billboard That Gives Out Free Beer
DJ Loses Fingers To Ceiling Fan After Putting Hands In Air At House Party
Mother-of-five 'played naked Twister with teen daughter and her friends during drunken party then had sex with 18-year-old in the bathroom'
Man Sells 4 Year Old Son On Craigslist For Money to Pre-Order Apple Watch
Man tries to rob bank, waits to be arrested - again
Duracell Will Sell You A Giant Wireless Charging Plug (Yes, You Read That Right) For Your Non-Wireless Charging Phone
Vernett Bader Stabs Roommate Who Wouldn't Stop Listening To The Eagles: Cops
Man saves girlfriend's dog in cougar attack
Samsung Is Creating a Team That Will Make Screens for Apple Devices Only
Sharper to have "penile monitoring" test as part of plea
Study: Walk a little faster, and you could survive a tsunami
18th-century sex toy unearthed at school for swordsmanship
Man Hides Loaded Gun in Buttocks, Then Helps Police Find It
In the future, your insurance company will know when you're having sex
Libya migrants: Sight of rescuers 'led to capsize'
Study Finds Walking Faster Key to Surviving a Tsunami
Fox News Host Wonders If Clinton's Chipotle Stop Was 'Hispanic Outreach'
'Horny' Georgia mom busted after AA sponsor told cops she had sex with daughter's friends at naked Twister party
Anti-vax mom changes her tune as all 7 of her children come down with whooping cough
Text From Wisconsin Student Arrested For Sexual Assault: "Sorry For Literally Raping You"
Chief Justice John Roberts reports for jury duty, is rejected
Anna Kendrick fed up with lack of male nudity on 'Game of Thrones'
Police at Texas fest played rock-paper-scissors with underage drinker
Turkish mayor sued over giant 'Transformer' robot statue
Pornhub Send New Computer To Lad Who Smashed His Laptop To Stop His Mum Catching Him
Republican senators rally against Nebraska death penalty
Sarah Silverman Admits She Made Up a Wage-Gap Story, Then Calls Critics 'Maniacs'
Missing Senate ballot boxes may have fallen off a truck, committee finds
Big 12 colleges invite students to heckle college tennis players during the game
China calls on Dalai Lama to 'put aside illusions' about talks [X-post from /r/buddhism]
CBC rebrands Q as q.
Mum throws naked Twister party for teenage daughter and has sex with friends
Pastafarian protests to wear collander on head for drivers license photo
Documents: Chiropractor performed exorcisms, bartered sex for services
ISIS Suicide Bomber's Car Hits IED, Soars 100-Feet In The Air, Then Erupts In Fiery Explosion
Flip phone user asks the Internet how he can ask for girls' numbers without feeling like a loser
S.F. hosts first dog tech conference, no dogs attend
Austin City Council Votes to Ban BBQ Restaurants
Man taken into custody after landing single-person aircraft on Capitol grounds
Kim not Kosher: Kardashian airbrushed out of image by Israeli website
Pastafarians to protest against DVLA ban on COLANDERS in driving licence photographs
Feminist group breaks urinals as a symbol of male chauvinism
North Carolina's Wildlife Resources Commission has requested that the Red Wolves be declared biologically extinct in an effort to remove the remaining wild Red Wolves in the state
Woman cries rape to get a free lift home by police
250 year old sex toy found in toilet.
Lady waking twins in stroller fights bee, loses battle and both children...
TN House votes to make the Bible the official state book
More than 2 MILLION of Hillary Clinton's Twitter followers are fake or never tweet - and she's already under fire for 'buying' fake Facebook fans
Leather sex toy from the 18th Century is discovered by archaeologists in Poland
Man deliberately 'fattens up' girlfriend to keep love rivals at bay
She's Fed the Homeless for 10 Years Without a Problem. Then Cops Showed Up a Week Ago to Slap Her With a Fine.
Brian Williams Holds Puppy, Hopes World Forgets He's a Liar
Mom hosts naked Twister party for high school daughter, friends
Psycho-killer wolverine almost escapes from NJ airport
Wolverine tries to escape from carrier at New Jersey airport
OFFICERS IN TROUBLE OVER ROCK, PAPER, SCISSORS GAME
Xu hướng sử dụng kihs trong thiết kế vinhomes riverside
Japan's Prisons Are Turning Into Nursing Homes
WorldVentures UNITED! 2014 | Wayne Nugent, Mike Azcue
Kinessa Johnson takes aim against poachers
Protester lands single-passenger gyrocopter on US Capitol lawn
Couple awarded more than $200,000 in dog-barking case
School For Strippers Closes Due To Noise Complaints
STEAM preschool proposal approved by school board
The Reddit Comments on the Ellen Pao Verdict Are Predictably Awful
Small aircraft lands on US Capitol lawn - the pilot planned to "deliver the mail" to Congress
Women kills man for injuring her cervix during craigslist meet up.
Natural redhead banned from school for having hair that's too bright
Porn-addicted Disney employee masturbated in Florida Walmart, flicked semen on shopper: charges
Death by golf ball not all that uncommon
I promise this is worth your time
Chipotle Manager: Hillary Clinton Didn't Leave Anything in Tip Jar
Grandville business owner says bring in guns, but gays should stay away
Long Island cardiologist tried to hire hitman to kill rival cardiologist. When arrested a secret cache of weapons was found behind a bookcase.
Mom 'threw party for daughter that included game of naked Twister'
Woman 'fattened up' by jealous boyfriend to deter love rivals
Delays on A338 Spur Road due to swan on carriageway
CBC rebrands radio show "Q" as "q"
Redhead banned from school for being too ginger
UKIP pledges to introduce existing regulatory system if elected
The Easy Forex Color Coded Trend Manual Trading System Review
Jordan Morris couldn't be Man of the Match because he's not 21
Japanese karaoke game show distracts contestants with hand jobs [NSFW]
Japanese game show where the contestants get hand jobs while singing karaoke (NSFW)
Dog walker calls police about unleashed kids
Kenny Loggins Witnesses Copter Landing, Says He's in the "Danger Zone"
Cannes Festival to Crack Down on Red-Carpet Selfies
Anti Vax mother changes her mind after all seven kids get whooping cough
Archaeologists find 18th century sex toy
Thinking about another woman while having sex with your partner will make your children gay, declares Iranian cleric
'Candy Crush' puts man in the operating room
Anti-vaxxer changes mind as seven kids catch whooping cough
50 bands and a cat for Indiana equality.
Local budget hearing brings out lone resident
New brain science shows poor kids have smaller brains than affluent kids
Christians in Pakistan pray for Nigel Farage and Ukip to win general election
Orthodox Jewish man photographed covering himself in plastic bag during flight because faith forbids him to fly over cemeteries
Man arrested for trying to have sex with the North Sea
Report: Florida man high on flakka has sex with tree and calls himself Thor
Cops: Man Set Rental Car Ablaze While Trying to Kill Bed Bugs
Thrown cigarette butt returns to car, starts fire.
Ben Bernanke To Join World's Most Levered Hedge Fund: HFT Powerhouse Citadel
Space Station Crew Finally Gets Their ISSpresso Machine
Thrown cigarette butt returns to car, starts fire on I-494
Disney sued in Detroit federal court over 'Frozen'
Police: Mom hosts naked Twister party for teen daughter, friends
MC demoledor - Amores verdadederos que se van
'God' Accused of Attacking Cop, Having Sex With Tree.
Ed Miliband pranked by Northern Ireland's first Sikh candidate in General Election - Amandeep Singh Bhogal
Black Judge Hands Armed Robbers a Light Sentence - Calls THREE YEAR OLD White Victim a 'Racist'
Man tears tendon playing Candy Crush Saga, didn't feel increasing pain because of Candy Crush Saga
The ISIS Lonely Hearts Club: British fighter and his undateable friends moan about being unable to find a jihadi bride in Syria
Man who had sex with dog on film accidentally sent video to his girlfriend
Puppy banned from going near David Cameron in Cheltenham for 'security reasons'
11-year-old busted after pulling armed robbery with BB gun, NOPD says
Neighbors Spooked by Drone, Trap It Under Chairs, Call Cops
'The badger could have had me': Pensioner says he is living in fear of a 'super badger' the size of a large pig with teeth 'as long as a lemonade bottle' that burst into his garden
Third bidder for development of Shipyards has 'divine plan'
An new economic study says students do better when they're not on drugs
Mom threw naked Twister party for teenage daughter and had sex with friends
Getaway Donkey Foils Thieves In Colombia
Mother held naked Twister party for minors, claims she was raped by daughter's boyfriend
Tractor driver who caused 11km tailback banned from driving
Duchess of Cambridge given 10% loyalty discount for giving birth in same hospital
LA school district, shocked that iPad program didn't magically fix everything, demands money back
The Roomba for Lawns Is Really Pissing Off Astronomers
Clinton Bypassed Centrist Taco Bell for Liberal Favorite Chipotle
Lincoln Chafee Accidentally Declared That He's Running for President
Police: Multiple Vehicles Catch Fire In L.I. Man's Attempt To Rid Car Of Bedbugs
An 8-year-old girl makes $127,000 a month making baking videos for YouTube
Kim Dotcom might get deported from New Zealand for driving fast
Mom loses 5 kids over sex party with daughter's friends
Up with umlauts: Lindstrom, Minnesota, to get its dots back
The US Federal Tax law is now over 74,000 pages long
'Duck Commander Musical' opens in Las Vegas
Female CEO Cheryl Rios Says a Female Shouldn't Be President
Photographer Blake Little covers 90 people in honey and the results are stunning
Japanese artist who depicted vaginas fights for free speech on trial
US Supreme Court chief justice called in for jury duty
GOP power player Norquist steps down from NRA amid probe of Islamist ties
US chief justice called for jury duty
Apple Teaches Russian Siri to Tolerate Gay People
A UK Sports Journo Determinedly Live-Blogged A German Press Conference, Despite The Fact He Couldn't Speak Any German
Two TSA Officers Fired for Scheme to Grope Attractive Men at Denver Airport
Man accused of hacking the lottery to win $14.3 million dollars.
Florida Man on Flakka Attacks Officer, Claims to be God And Thor, Sexes Tree
Artist Makes an Entire Album From Recording Strangers at Guitar Center
Video gamer hunts down, stabs man who killed his online 'Counter-Strike' character
Black judge gives armed black home invader probation - attacks white family for racism
Witnesses Stunned After Subway Manspreader Rips In Half
Gert Town gas station employee strikes armed robber with beer bottle
Game Show + Karaoke + Japan = Hand Jobs
Chinese Segway copycat company buys Segway
Dieseltec Auto Repair Will Refuse Service To Gay People, Discount Service To People Who Carry Guns
Florida mailman lands a gyrocopter on Capitol lawn, hoping to send a message
Man accused of breaking into prison
Vatican ends crackdown on US nuns accused of radical feminism
On way to Italy Muslim zealots toss 12 Christian migrants overboard in religious row
Japan wants visitors to experience its world-class toilet culture - and buy some toilets.
Ted Cruz Communications Team: 'There Was No Announcement Speech'
WELL DONE JAPAN : Japanese game show where the contestants get hand jobs while singing karaoke
Driver crashed his car, tripped off a 100-foot bridge and then downed a bottle of whisky
A Woman Allegedly Stabbed Her Husband Because His Poop Smelled Too Bad
78-year-old senator's "Let It Go" ringtone interrupts trade hearing
East Cleveland's One Operable Fire Truck Fixed in Time for Morning Blaze
Florida Official Denies State Ban On Saying 'Climate Change' By Saying It 3 Times
College Apologizes for Serving Mexican Food During Sci-Fi Event
Black Judge Gives Black Home Invader Probation, Attacks White Family for Racism
Royal Bank customer says fraudster fooled phone banking agent: Transcript of call shows unknown man got several security questions wrong
Royal Bank customer says fraudster fooled phone banking agent
One man's Candy Crush obsession led to a torn tendon because it suppressed pain
Police: Woman blames coffee-drinking parrot for car crash
Liked image on Instagram - arrested at gunpoint (Swedish news source, translated)
Man Arrested For Riding Horse While Drunk
'Candy Crush ruptured my tendon,' avid gamer claims
Liked weapon picture on Instagram - were arrested in police raid
Polish Prince challenges UKIP's Nigel Farage to duel
Black Female Activist Calls for Kendrick Lamar Boycott Because His Fianceé is Light Skinned
Mom hosts a sex and drug party with daughter. Daughter "feels guilty" her boyfriend initiated sex with mom because "the 16 year old was 10 inches long and huge"
Woman who fell after drinking 10 pints settles €38,000 claim
Daredevil raccoon makes 58-storey climb up Toronto crane
Cops: Mom Hosted Teen Sex, Drugs Party
Great-grandmother, 92, hits mugger with mobility scooter
Yelp reviews of Texas' jails, detention facilities
Woman who fell after drinking ten pints settles 38 000 claim
Raccoon climbs Toronto crane, poops on machine deck
Sea Lion Pup Wanders to High School, Gets "Detained"
Barbra Streisand fails to realize that 6.6 million jobs have gone missing.
Japanese game show where men get hand job while they sing karaoke
Fifa president Sepp Blatter likened to Jesus & Nelson Mandela
Chuck Schumer Very Alarmed By The Threat Of Gyrocopters
Rachel Lehnardt 'played naked Twister with daughter and friends then had sex with 16-year-old bf of daughter'
Sen. Pat Roberts' Ringtone is 'Let it Go' From Frozen
Anti-Vax Mom Pulls 180 After All 7 Of Her Kids Get Whooping Cough Simultaneously
Reddit: You can't negotiate your salary
Time's Most Influential Celebrities Of 2015 Include Kanye West, Kim Kardashian And Laverne Cox
Sun Prairie boys rank female classmates in bracket
Michigan repair shop owner welcomes guns but not gay people
Entrepreneur Wants To Sell Un-Frozen Artisanal Ice Cubes
Michigan shop owner welcomes guns but not gay people
Sen. Pat Roberts' 'Let It Go' ringtone interrupts Senate hearing
Fianna Fáil calls for appointment of Minister for Drugs
Apple refuses to answer questions over 'homophobic' Russian Siri
Chinese Farmer Earns More Than $160,000 A Year Making Transformer Models
"America's Rabbi" Declares That Feminized Liberals Are Attracted To the "Masculine Strength and Brutality" of Islam
The Press Isn't Asking Enough Questions About Hillary's Trip to Chipotle
Texas Parents of 1st-Ever, All-Girl US Quintuplets Recount 'Crazy' Experience
Going Clear: Artisanal Ice An entrepreneur tries to sell prepackaged, unfrozen, flawless ice cubes
Boy No Longer Autistic Due To Gluten-Free, Dairy-Free Diet
Australian ex-model, DJ, killed fighting for ISIS in Syria, family friend says
Ecuador Tricks Tourists Into Thinking They're in Costa Rica
The 'everyday people' who made Hillary Clinton's burrito bowl - Michael Kruse
Yahoo!'s Marissa! Mayer! dings! Bing! in! ad! bling! fling! win!
Maryland man gets 150 years in beer pong sex assault case
A Chicago Art School Is Giving Kanye West An Honorary Degree
French proposal for restaurants to let customers take home leftovers in 'le doggy bag' offends dining purists
Woman blames coffee-drinking parrot for car crash.
We Might Welcome Robot Lawn Mowers, But Astronomers Aren't So Happy
Senate Republicans on Twitter: "150 years ago today, the first Republican President, Abraham Lincoln was assassinated. America is forever indebted."
Why Even Radiologists Can Miss A Gorilla Hiding In Plain Sight
CIA Allegedly Behind 1980s Club Hit About Sleeping Dominatrix
Cuddling services keep it clean (Professional cuddler. For $70 an hour, she offers non-sexual, fully dressed physical intimacy.)
Snoring Airline Passenger Stabbed with Pen at Midway Airport
Robocop Delivers Pizza, Prevents Suicide
Saskatoon cuddling services keep it clean
Homeless Man Reunited with Long-Lost Bank Account
Woman removed from plane for poking snoring passenger with pen
So apparently Porto Rico has been sending their drug addicts to the U.S. for years.
'Feminist' t-shirt photoshopped from school photo sparks controversy
Alaska Airlines plane performs an emergency landing after an employee is discovered in the cargo hold.
Stripping not allowed in Saskatchewan, unless it's for charity
King Goodwill Zwelithini faces hate speech charge
Abbott (Australian) government gives $4m to help climate sceptic set up Australian centre
Alaska Airlines emergency landing: Ramp agent falls asleep in plane's cargo hold
Time 100: Kanye West praises himself for Internet-breaking truthbombs
'I Can't Breathe!': Hear Panicked 911 Call of Man Trapped in Jet's Baggage Hold
Chess grandmaster cheats with iPhone in bathroom stall
This guy's terrible Pokémon tattoo has completely taken over Reddit
School Official Says White Students Should Get Air-Conditioning Instead Of Latinos Because They're Used To Heat
There's A Japanese Game Show Where Guys Sing While Getting Jerked Off
A "professional" dog namer wants to keep people from dying alone
Four Mortal Kombat moves cybercriminals use to attack your security
Man burned trying to kill bedbugs inside rental car
Bike thief arrested in wig and disguise after ex-bounty hunter, Facebook group run stakeout
Man Has Sex With A Hornets' Nest And Dies
Sewer Beer: Brewed Direct from the Toilet
Why Gay Mormon Men Married to Women Are Fighting Gay Marriage
Woman mistakes 6 year old for cat in accident.
MIT Awards Pirate Certificate to Undergrads (x-post from r/TIL)
FAA investigating Florida mailman's landing of gyrocopter on U.S. Capitol lawn
Prosecutors: Office worker posed as dentist, pulled teeth
Satisfaction guaranteed! Man watching sex site allegedly smashes frozen laptop screen as mom nears, PornHub offers to send a replacement
Florida Officials Shut Down School for Strippers
Minnesota's great umlaut war is over (also, Minnesota was having an umlaut war)
Man burned while trying to kill bedbugs in car, cops say
Former RGS student claims she was bullied, sues school
Fake White Plains dentist has brush with law
Obese woman on welfare, wants government to pay for her $15,000 wedding. Says it's a "basic human right".
Gamer livestreams his GTA V installation, someone steals his game code
How to stop Islamization of America - $4.95 today only!
Michelle Bachmann: Obama's poor relationship with Israel will bring the return of Jesus
Take Your Hillary Temperature
Man suspected in brisket theft arrested after wild chase
Boulder police: Students tried to torch Fairview High with Molotov cocktails to extend spring break
Why keeping your car keys in the freezer may protect you from digital thieves
College Tennis Brings the Noise
Apple is worried Samsung won't make enough chips for the iPhone because the Galaxy S6 is suddenly doing better than expected
Army morale low despite 6-year, $287M optimism program
'Pope Francis effect' leads to exorcism boom
Abbott government gives $4m to help climate contrarian set up Australian centre
Don't Be a Victim: Childhood Goat Trauma News and Statistics
'Pope Francis Effect' Partly Credited With Increase in Exorcisms
High school students try to extend spring break by throwing Molotov cocktails into their school
Babysitter sees Amber Alert, tells police he's watching abducted 2-year-old boy
"Obama", "Kim Jong-Un" combine for surprise duet in Seoul
Lonely women may be easily lured by Isis, says minister
Frozen ringtone interrupts Senate hearing because this is America now
Kanye West by Elon Musk
Earthworms rain from sky over Norway
Police: Mother got drunk, swung baby at Niles restaurant
SEE IT: Girl gets out of underage drinking ticket by beating cop at rock-paper-scissors at Texas music festival
Jealous man fattens up girlfriend to ward off other men
Dead fish clog Rio Olympic venue
'Can't clip my beard now' - GAA star Paul Galvin unhappy with airport security following scissors confiscation - Independent.ie
Beer Company Is Brewing Pints From Sewage
Italian FA insists Lazio youth player is 17, despite rumours he is 42.
Roommates stab each other over debate between iPhone and Samsung.
Star Wars fans at California convention excited at trailer
Three NSW Hunter Valley racehorses test positive for ice
These weapons are able to simulate hearing a voice in your head and changing your emotions by stimulating your cochlear in your inner ear by something called micro frequency waves... It's for the mass control of citizens,
Islamic State's Pakistan chief Hafiz Saeed killed while planting bomb
Mississippi State literally hid the words 'F--k The School Up North' on their baseball uniform
Swedish robot that bought MDMA, passport and baseball cap released by authorities
Raccoon climbs 700-foot-tall Toronto crane, poops at the top
Cat picks up 50 votes in NDSU student senate election
Could giant 'glitter' clouds help us find alien worlds? Nasa reveals it may use sparkling dust in place of mirrors in telescopes
Flight delayed and paramedics called after woman pokes snoring man with a pen
MSNBC's Melissa Harris-Perry and Husband Owe IRS $70K in Delinquent Taxes
Android Vs. Apple Phone Debate Leads To Stabbing, Police Say
Porn addicted chronic masturbator who works in Disney World caught pleasuring himself in supermarket
Walmart lays off 2,200 workers to fix pluming problem
Baby found in Southport amusement arcade toilet
Pornhub sends new PC to man who broke laptop to stop mum catching him watching porn
Police: 'Tree Ninja' caught chopping down tree with a hammer
Election 2015: Farage turns on debate audience
Police: Woman who hit 6-year-old mistook him for cat
Meet the woman who tells everyone, 'I have genital herpes'
North Carolina's Governor Says Offshore Drilling Should Be Closer To Beaches
A hungry Gwyneth Paltrow fails the food-stamp challenge four days in
Courtroom cleared after person's appalling fart
Police: Coffee-loving pet parrot distracts Uniontown driver before crash [x-post r/Pennsylvania]
Congressman dating lobbyist who lobbies committee that he leads
Surprise! 1 in 5 people use Bing
Guy films himself having sex with a dog, accidentally sends video to girlfriend
Marcus Mumford Is Working on a Hip-Hop Project with Kanye West's Producer
Driver involved in Richmond, VA car crash death thought he was in a plane, trying to take off
Australian Male Model Turned Jihadist Sharky Jama 'Killed Fighting For ISIS In Syria'
Cop Sexually Assaults 19-Year-Old and Only Sentenced on Misdemeanor Charges
Twin strangers: Woman finds her exact doppelganger on Facebook
Hunter Ian Gibson Trampled To Death By Elephant He Was Tracking To Kill For Ivory
Official: Driver in Grove Avenue death thought he was in a plane, trying to take off
Surrey farmer accepts castle must be demolished
I Looked At My Son's Google Search History And It Was Just Hundreds Of Questions About Bugles Corn
Police called after teenager posts Johnny Cash lyrics on Instagram
Don't be alarmed, but a bunch of Zebras are on the loose in Brussels.
Vermont Lawmakers Threaten To Reinstate Prohibition If Pot Isn't Legalized
Police: Woman stabs husband for stinking up bathroom
Man ruptures thumb tendon playing 'Candy Crush' for days on end
Great tits no guarantee of success in the bedroom, says Prince Charles
Millions of bees loose after semi overturns on I-5
Rolled semi spills load of bees at I-5 and I-405 interchange
Grand jury indicts...the guy who filmed Eric Garner's chokehold death
Woman fired for being a prostitute by Dutch central bank
We're coming to slaughter you
Canada goose 'Spawn of Satan' terrorizes University of Waterloo
she explains to me in broken english that because it's so cold outside and inside the salon, the wax has frozen onto my...
Won't you like to get gifts every time you're bored? Use my referral code: dc645fe to get 20 bonus coins.
Principal paddles teacher, is arrested, returns to work, paper says
Highway abuzz with bees after semitruck tips, dumps hives
Semi-truck carrying millions of bees overturns on I-5, WSP warns drivers | Q13 FOX News
Colorado DOT Installing Fake Arcade Racing Game At Pot Shops To Warn Players Against Driving While High
The Mason High School's Muslim Student Association April 23 event - the "Covered Girl Challenge" - has been cancelled
Vandals ransack Chicago church, eat Communion hosts
Burglars steal empty ATM
Roommates hospitalized after stabbing one another during heated iPhone vs. Android debate
Chief Justice John Roberts gets called for jury duty
IRS files $70K tax lien against WFU prof Melissa Harris-Perry, husband
Roommates stab each other during iPhone vs. Android debate
Zebras crossing: Three zebras on the run in Brussels.
Stalker in the Attic: The Cyberbully Who Spies on 12-Year-Old Girls in Their Home
Teacher Allegedly "Knocked Out Cold" by a Student's Mother
RUMOUR: the Bloomberg outage was caused by a spilled can of Coke Read more: http://uk.businessinsider.com/reason-for-the-global-bloomberg-outage-2015-4#ixzz3XaDPkS5w
RUMOUR: the Bloomberg outage was caused by a spilled can of Coke
Semi Truck carrying millions of bees overturns on interstate, drivers urged to stay away.
Star Wars autograph prices reveal stunning anti-Wookiee prejudice
Emi Mamiya Allegedly Stabs Husband Over Bathroom Stink
Police find empty home after six-hour standoff in Long Beach
Public School Principal Steals Property..
Idea from Adam Sandler film used to soothe dementia patients
Man tears tendon after playing Candy Crush for weeks | abc7.com
Bill Restricting Muslim Men To Only Four Wives Signed In Niger State
Airline flight delayed when snoring passenger poked with pen
Why Gay Mormon Men Married to Women Are Fighting Gay Marriage | VICE | United States
Cops Punished for Discretionary and Kindhearted Game of Rock, Paper, Scissors
Alabama judge receives an award commemorating MLK's letter from a Birmingham jail for his efforts in fighting against gay marriage.
Millions of honeybees swarm I-5 as truck full of bee hives crashes
Chipotle manager says Hillary didn't tip
Semi-truck carrying bees tips on I-5 near Lynnwood WA
Former cop sues Kentucky hunting store after accidentally shooting off his own finger
Man bonds out of jail, subsequently shot by group including man who posted his bond
3 Zebras escape and roam the streets of Brussels.
Man dies after butt-fucking himself against scarecrow with strap-on
Even Elon Musk knows he's a good supervillain candidate
Woman stripped of St. Louis marathon title after not running race
and meanwhile in the streets of Brussels...
Naked man claiming to be 'Thor' assaults police officer, perform sexual acts on tree
State seizes 11-year-old, arrests his mother after he defends medical marijuana during a school presentation
'Beenado': Truck carrying millions of bees overturns on Seattle highway
Activists Voice Support for Myron May
Stripping will now only be legal in Saskatchewan if it's for charity or community benefit
Giants-Diamondbacks game delayed by a chicken finger falling from the sky
Escaped zebras chased through Brussels by police
NY woman posed as dentist, even did root canals, prosecutors allege
Black Judges Gives Armed Robbers Light Sentence Saying Three-Year-Old White Victim is 'Racist'
Atlanta police officer arrested for exposing himself
35 y/o mom hosts naked twister party for her teenage daughter and friends.
Turkish Air CEO urges pilots to marry
Kanye West Tops Time's List of 100 Most Influential People
Former iOS Chief Scott Forstall is Now a Broadway Producer
KICKSTARTER GUY IS MAKING MONEY NAMING PEOPLE'S DOGS
Female CEO Says POTUS Is a Man's Job
This technology from the 1800s is still one of the fastest ways to move money
Man throws Cougar to save his girlfriends dog
Deal Reached on Fast-Track Authority for Obama on Trade Accord
Man Needed Surgery For 'Candy Crush' Injury
14 Million bees spill onto I-5 after semi crash
Scott Forstall, Apple's former iOS chief, producing new Broadway musical
Southwest Passenger Stabs Snoring Seatmate With Pen, Delays Midway Flight
Truck carrying 44 million bees overturns
Russell Brand joins Nicolas Cage in Osama bin Laden comedy
Robot that bought MDMA, passport and baseball cap released by authorities
How Healthy Aging Will Improve Your Life
Meriden woman escapes violent confrontation by using Icy Hot
Man with nunchucks attacks employee outside Japanese restaurant, police say
Guy Tattoos Misshapen Pokémon On Himself, Achieves Meme Superstardom
Prisoner botches bid to carve '666' into his forehead - after forgetting he was looking in the mirror
Man Killed By The Same Elephant He Was Trying To Hunt
Kansas senator's Frozen ringtone interrupts hearing
Man 'has sex with tree, claims he is God and tried to stab cop with badge while high'
English teacher takes red pen to mistake-ridden UKIP flyer
Anger after toddlers made to wear yellow stars to mark Holocaust
'Gaydar' proves George Washington and Alexander Hamilton were gay, author says
There's a Goat Festival on Saturday in SF - Yes, Really - UpOut Blog
The Smell of Your Sweat Can Make Other People Happy
Homosexuality Has Cost The U.S. Government 'More Than $225 Billion'
Golden Corral worker loses 4 fingers to meat grinder
Hillary chooses to eat at liberal favorite chipotle
'Isis' Removed From U.N. List of Hurricane Names
Christians furious after Tennessee swingers club rebrands as church to sneak around zoning law.
Stripping not allowed in Saskatchewan, unless it's for charity - The Globe and Mail
Smartphone Debate Ends With Stabbings Apple vs. Android argument turned violent, police report
The Age-Old Question "Do Vampires Poop" May Have Been Answered
Veterinarian kills neighbors cat with bow and arrow, brags about it on Facebook and is then shocked when she gets fired from vet's office.
Female Chimps Seen Making, Wielding Spears : DNews
Female Chimps Seen Making, Wielding Spears
Burglar Foiled By Crocs Shoes: Cops
Man at library challenges guests to fight, knees cop in the head: police
Too ginger for school, U.K. student says she was told
Veterinarian Fired After Bragging About Killing Cat with Bow and Arrow (WARNING: Graphic Photo)
Suicide Bomber in Iraq Accidentally Blows Up Entire Class
Drunk men stab each other over iPhone versus Android debate
Veterinarian Fired After Bragging About Killing Cat with Bow and Arrow
Alberta justice minister denies vandalizing his own campaign signs to read 'Jonathan Penis'
Manatees invite Britt McHenry to discuss anti-bullying
Democrat wants red cards on the House floor
Isis removed from UN's official list of names for future hurricanes
Texas Veterinarian Brags About Killing Cat With Bow And Arrow
College apologizes for serving Mexican food at space alien-themed party
St. Louis Marathon Winner Never Ran the Race
Atheist mom threatened over complaints about 'Bible Man' visits to Tennessee public school
Random House told it should pay to quote Joseph Goebbels in biography
Arpaio to welcome Pamela Anderson to jail
Home Invasion - Body Armor, a Solution for Home Defense
Tyree Carter Banned From 'All The Libraries On The Face Of The Earth' For Allegedly Masturbating
Deputy at scene of crash puts his beekeeping background to good use
Isaiah Thomas once peed in his shorts because he didn't want to check out
Pirate Bay Co-Founder Cruelly Held in Swedish Prison Without Classic Nintendo
Millions of Bees Swarm I-5 as Truck Full of Bee Crates Crashes
Police: Woman blames coffee-drinking parrot for car crash (AP)
Pickup artist: Women with short hair are committing self-harm, should be monitored by authorities
I-5 Abuzz with Millions of Bees After Semi Truck Tips Over
Semi-truck carrying millions of bees overturns on Washington highway
Indiana Sees Jump In New HIV Cases In Rural Outbreak
"I beat ebola with high-tech drugs and Irn Bru!" Scottish NHS makes full recovery in hospital after contracting virus in Sierra Leone
Stench of dead fish in Rio lake won't spoil Olympic Games, officials hope
NY woman tackles pothole problem by planting pansies there
Mom Threw Naked Twister Party For Teenage Daughter And Had Sex With Her Boyfriend
Cummins asks anti-gay repair shop to stop using its logo
Spam Museum groundbreaking set for Tuesday
Weather spotting class postponed due to... poor weather
North Dakota State Students Elected A Cat To Their Student Government
Buy Steroids Online, Anabolic Steroids For Sale - scaua
Will Katy Perry provide the soundtrack to Hillary Clinton's campaign?
Các biệt thự hiện đại tại vinhomes riverside
Tận hưởng những nhà hàng sang trọng tại khu biệt thự vinhomes riverside
WKTV.com: Beef thief: Police seek public's help identifying a jerky thief
Beef thief: Police seek public's help identifying a jerky thief
Zebras roam free in Brussels, and other animals at large
Dog Crate Covers Pattern
Elmo, U.S. Surgeon General Urge Children To Get Their Vaccinations
Maple syrup could help fight bacterial infections, Canadian scientists find
'Homeless Jesus' sculpture prompts $100,000 in donations to charity
Walter Scott, A Black Man, Was Shot To Death - But My White Husband, Also Walter Scott, Is Safe And Sound
Mom loses 5 kids over sex party with daughter's friends, where she joined the festivities, which featured booze, pot, sex, a hot tub, and naked Twister
Unemployed 'bridezilla' on benefits because she is 'too fat to work' plans dream £10,000 wedding with horse-drawn carriage and Mexico honeymoon funded by the taxpayer and claims: 'It's my human right'
Truck carrying millions of bees tips over on highway
Resident finds, quickly turns over live WWII grenade
Woman On Welfare Wants Taxpayers To Pay For $15,000 Wedding, Being A Bride Is A 'Basic Human Right'
Scientologists use church's philosophies to train teens to drive
Woman paints £15 million like a beach hut
Texas hunter says he aims to save black rhinos by killing one in Namibia
2 Wounded After Apple and Android Fanboys Duel
Prisoner wrote 666 backwards on his forehead because he forgot he was looking in a mirror
iPhone vs Android Debate Turns Bloody, Drunk Roommates Stab Each Other Following Heated Exchange
PASSENGER KICKED OFF FLIGHT FOR POKING SNORING SEATMATE WITH PEN
Roommates stab each other with beer bottles in iPhone vs. Android dispute
Chinese Man Tries to Smuggle His Pet Turtle On a Plane Disguised as a Hamburger
Teacher who had sex with student gets plea deal, celebrates with selfie.
Students organize anti-gay day by coordinating outfits
Vermont lawmakers: Make pot legal or we ban booze
ISIS's very own British love guru offers advice on how to handle jealous jihadi brides to fellow Islamists (not that he has to worry about that as he can't get a girlfriend)
Ice: facing up to Satan's Drug.
KFC surprises beachgoers in Dubai with helicopter delivery
Bomb Squad Robot Delivers Pizza, Saves A Man's Life
Never Invest In A Movie, Says Billionaire Director George Lucas
Woman Suing Disney Claims That They Implanted Her With A Chip
Chick-fil-A craze slowing traffic
Kickstarter Campaign Launched To Name Your Dog For You
PM urges all Thais to make Thailand worth visiting
Noisy school cockerel gets expelled for waking the neighbours in the middle of the night
Gay Events That I, Marco Rubio, Would Go To
Florida Man Claims He Is The Devil
Mugabe 'shocked, disgusted' by South African anti-immigrant violence
Some Upper East Side Neighbors Not Happy About Rumored Apple Store
Android Vs. Apple Phone Debate Leads To Tulsa Stabbing, Police Say
Hunter trampled to death by elephant he was going to kill for ivory
Man Who Found his Own Micronation is Accepting Applications
Spotted Cow beer sold illegally at bar in Maple Grove, Minn.
Florida Gov. Rick Scott on Medicaid expansion: No, yes, no, we're suing
How To Retire With One Million Dollars
Simon Cowell: I was about to jump off a cliff over Zayn news
Man Plays Candy Crush For So Long He Ruptures A Tendon
Dumb: Smartphone Debate Ends With Stabbings
Hacked Sony emails reveal that Sony had pirated books about hacking
Family of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev outraged at the Boston Bomber's conviction. ""It would be so much easier if he had actually committed these crimes."
Americans believe in religious freedom - just not for Muslims
New England Aquarium offering penguins 'honeymoon suites'
Clowns Brawl With Protesters Under Circus Big Top in SoCal
Pornhub Sends Man A New Laptop After He Smashes His When His Mum Was About To Walk In
Samsung Galaxy S6 vs Apple iPhone argument ends in stabbing
Texas veterinarian fired after bragging online about killing a cat with a bow and arrow
Map: East Coast Brains Are Healthiest
Vet posts image of her holding up corpse of pet cat on Facebook: 'My first bow kill...lol'
'Vet of the year' fired after posing holding a dead pet cat she killed with a bow and arrow
The single-person social network is a strangely beautiful thing
Officers in Trouble over Rock, Paper, Scissors Incident at Chilifest
Tim McGraw Has to Defend Sandy Hook Benefit Concert
Who Would Win In A Fight, A Trillion Lions or The Sun?
Without $40,000, priceless 1906 S.F. quake photos will disappear
Man's obituary requests that mourners do not vote for Hillary Clinton
Report: Unemployed Woman Demands More Benefit Money For Dream Wedding
Ukip candidate accused of bribing voters with sausage rolls won't face action - but police warn they COULD arrest him if he does it again
Chinese Restaurant Owner Caught With Frozen Dog Carcasses Used For Meat Pastries (Photos)
Man's obituary requests that mourners do not vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016
UKIP candidate in clear over alleged voter WOOING with SAUSAGE ROLLS
Ohio Middle School Student Steals $25K From Grandfather, Passes Out Thousands To Classmates
Why astronomers hate the lawn-mowing Roomba
Flemington 'White History Month' flap ends with apology
Female CEO Says Women Not Fit to be President
Fairview H.S. students suspended after trying to extend spring break with molotov cocktails
Fire crews say parrots in burning house were calling for help
French Tourists Fined After Being Found Guilty Of Setting Quokka On Fire
Cops Charge Man With "Destruction of Police Property" for Bleeding on Their Uniforms After They Beat Him
Clowns Brawl With Animal Rights Protesters at SoCal Circus
Kids with ADHD must squirm to learn, study says
Veterinarian kills pet cat with bow; brags on Facebook
Businesswoman who said a woman shouldn't be President defends her views
Austin makes list of list of cities that make every list
Curious little birds have trippy meal
Ohio officer praised for restraint, refused to shoot suspect
Texas Father Gets Portrait Of Newborn Son Tattooed On Face (Photos)
Man sues NYPD for false arrest -- and for insulting his Jordans
Judge denies city's request to ban guns at Saturday's neo-Nazi rally, police planning ahead
Man Accused Of Arson, Microwaving Neighbor's Wallet
Couple bought Beanie Baby for £10 at car boot sale - without realising it was the rarest in the world worth £62,500
CNN-addressing the TOUGH issues.
B.C. transportation minister ticketed $196 for speeding, says it was 'unacceptable'
Men brawl over which phone is best, Apple or Android
Two Tulsa men bloody each other during drunken fight over better smartphone - Apple or Android: cops
Stabbing occurs after heated debate over Apple Vs Android
Pelosi: Hillary's vote to invade Iraq doesn't matter because she's a woman
Sepp Blatter likened to 'Jesus, Martin Luther King Jr and Nelson Mandela' at Concacaf congress ahead of Fifa president election
Sepp Blatter hailed as combination of Jesus Christ, Nelson Mandela, Moses ...
'Isis' among names removed from UN list of hurricane names
Fooling Most of the People
Woman Shoots Man She Met on Craigslist For Injuring Her Cervix During Sex
70 people were injured while filming this movie with 100 untamed lions
Curious young birds in Wellington sanctuary trip on magic mushrooms
GOP Rep: Obamacare Makes America More Like North Korea
Man Claims New Country Europe
Goebbels' estate sues Random House for diary royalties
After permit to build sex club next to school is denied, developers rebrand as a church
Dennis Hof's Moonlite Bunny Ranch launches 'Hookers for Hillary'
Ohio police officer praised for restraint after refusing to shoot suspect
Vet was arrested for protecting the American flag against hate group
Caged puppies on van roof trigger 911 calls, driver unaware it's wrong
Ohio Cop Refuses to Resort to Deadly Force: 'I Wanted to Be Absolutely Sure'
PSA: Netflix has a Show About Diseased Dicks Called 'Scrotal Recall.'
William Shatner's $30 Billion Kickstarter Campaign to Save California.
This woman finished first place in a marathon she didn't run
Meet the Man Who Claims He Just Founded a New Country in Europe
Chiropractor who performed exorcisms loses license
'Useful Idiots'? The curious case of Britain's pro-North Korean Community
Australian Prime Minister puts one away to the delight of onlooking pub goers.
1240 comments NRA chief: 'Eight years of one demographically symbolic president is enough'
Patient suspected of selling meth from hospital bed
Gays should abstain from sex - like all unmarried couples
Mother-of-five loses custody of children after throwing 'naked Twister' party for daughter's friends
Officer: 'I wanted to be absolutely sure before I used deadly force'
Labour Candidate Apologises After Bizarre Goat Sex Joke
Jailed father blames Illuminati for child porn after being caught with nearly 20,000 images
Apparently god is for sale for $58
Ottawa's 'Strong Proud Free' slogan can't be explained because it's a secret
University Recruits Teens to Abort Their Babies in Name of "Scientific Research"
Clowns brawl with Animal Rights protestors at California circus
Ban on 'small screaming children' puts Cape Breton restaurant at centre of tug-of-war over dining etiquette
You SHALL Pass: Most Epic Flight Safety Video Ever
Polly want a rescue? Firefighters hear cries for help, save parrots
Cruz: If Terrorists Attacked A Golf Course 'That Would Get The White House's Attention'
Scientists receive messages from aliens - turns out to be interference from their microwave
Two Men Have Incredibly Dumb Fight Over Smartphones
'Dating Naked' Contestant Gets Plastic Surgery to Permanently Pixelate Genitals
I Felt Happiness Today & Why That's Problematic
Surgeon general tells Sesame Street's Elmo to get vaccinated
Kim Jong-un scales North Korea's tallest mountain to get energised like a nuclear weapon
Kate Middleton's friend holds orgies in sharia hotel
Kate Middleton's pal holds orgies in Sharia hotel
Cameras capture panda urinating while doing handstand
Man hits Cornelius drive-thru, comes home with a parakeet
Babysitter Calls 911 to Say He's Watching Abducted Child
The Grand Canyon Is Getting A Mall
Serial racist has blown £50,000 inheritance on booze and living in hotels
Idiot prisoner tried to carve 'the sign of the beast' 666 into his forehead - but used a mirror so it came out backwards
2 Roommates Arrested, Bloodied After iPhone vs. Android Argument Turns Violent
Floating bridge fashioned from decommissioned aircraft carriers is a bad idea.
Nikko Jenkins' latest self-mutilation is backward because it was done in a mirror
Turning Old Aircraft Carriers Into a Bridge Is a Bad Idea
FBI admits to over 20 years of evidence misrepresentation
Calls for Conservative parliamentary candidate Chamali Fernando to stand down for saying mentally ill people could wear wristbands
Real People die, & this person claims the birth of.. Ebola Infected Fish. I can't even..
Anne Robinson watches porn for the first time: 'He could really be pounding some pastry'
'Avengers 2' Costume Tweaks: Thor Loses the Sleeves and Captain America Just Wants to Pee
Japan artist on trial over vagina art says fighting for free expression
Mexican Mayoral candidate claims he went to Harvard... Turns out he went there for one week!
Tractor Trailer Crashes Into Memorial For Traffic Fatalities
Truck hits Brooklyn wall with mural memorializing victims of fatal traffic accidents
How vegetables ditched their reputation for boring
Lawrence woman charged with assault after accidentally stabbing self in text message fight
ATM Robbery Suspect Claims He's 'Mostly' Innocent
DNC planning primary debates for Hillary
FBI can't cut Internet and pose as cable guy to search property, judge says
Breaking News: Penis returns to Hurricane, Utah restaurant's famous bull
Gays should abstain from sex - like all unmarried couples' - Independent.ie
Man finds grenade in backyard, wife orders him to continue gardening
Man finds grenade in backyard, wife orders him to finish gardening
Farmer told to tear down mock-Tudor castle after hiding construction behind hay bales
Women high on crack without a license crashes and kills mother and grandmother set free
Parrots rescue themselves from house fire by crying "Help!" and "Fire!"
Car Backs Into Montclair Toy Store, Injures Girl Scout
Officer shows 'great restraint' not shooting charging suspect, chief says
Omaha killer Nikko Jenkins tries to carve '666' into forehead, accidentally carves 9s
David Beckham crashes his son's Instagram video to brag about his follower count
Kim Jong Un tackles, beats highest mountain in North Korea
Man dies while having sex with scarecrow
Mother reports 9-year-old missing, he was actually arrested and under arrest accused of committing a home invasion.
Man's obituary: Do not vote for Hillary Clinton
Yoko Ono declares Ringo Starr 'the most influential Beatle'
Attempted selfie with I.C. officer leads to arrest
Kim Jong-Un 'climbs N Korea's highest mountain in his dress shoes?
Feds Spent $410,265 Studying 'Satisfaction' Levels of Young Gay Men's First Time
MILF won't surrender men
Beer drinkers join the fight against fracking with claims it poses a 'substantial threat to the quality of real ale'
John Kasich awaits signal from God on presidential bid
The moon is about as old as we thought it was
Wild horse advocates disagree on contraceptives for mustangs
Italian FA insists Lazio youth player is actually 17, despite rumours he is 42.
Immigrants in Sweden are getting educated in how to flush a toilet
Nurses make fun of their dying patients. That's okay.
Parrot's Cries of 'Help, Fire' Bring Firefighters to Burning House in Idaho
80 percent of police force resigns after Missouri town elects first African-American mayor
David Bowie Called Lou Reed and Metallica's 'Lulu' a 'Masterpiece' (No, really!)
Officers, city officials resign after new mayor elected
FBI admits it fudged forensic hair matches in nearly all criminal trials for decades
David Bowie Called Lou Reed and Metallica's 'Lulu' a 'Masterpiece'
Australian prime minister downs glass of beer in just seven seconds
Ariana Grande's Dad Warns Big Sean Not to Give Dick
Joseph Goebbels' family suing publishers Random House over royalties from Nazi propaganda minsiter's biography
Pirate Bay Co-Founder Not Allowed To Play NES In Prison
LeBron James vs. Michael Jordan argument lands man in jail after assaulting roomate
Cop nearly moo-wed down by rampaging cow
Alleged discrimination by bank has Church of Bacon sizzling
More Than 22,000 Brave Nurses Refusing to Submit to Mandatory Vaccinations
Minneapolis Hilton orgy participant comes forward, sues coworker
Missouri police officers resign after black female mayor is elected
Tim Tebow to Sign with Eagles
Kim Jong-Un climbs North Korea's highest mountain
WWI veteran to sleep through centenary
Sweden adds gender-neutral pronoun to dictionary
Tanning Mom Patricia Krentcil To Appear In Gay Porn
Four puppies strapped to top of Mennonite's car rescued by police
Four puppies strapped to top of Mennonite's car rescued by Akron police
Kim Jong-un learned to drive at three years old and won a yacht race aged nine: Bizarre claims made in textbooks all children in North Korea are now forced to study
Kim Jong Un Learned To Drive At 3, According To A North Korean Teacher's Guide
U2 Fans Accidentally Buy Good Music In Record Store Day Mix-Up
Statue in Hanyang District of Wuhan in China has been ruined by tourists touching an exposed breast
Man's obituary asks people not to vote for Hillary Clinton
These 7 Firefighters Were Arrested For Sodomizing A New Recruit With A Sausage During A Hazing Ritual
Bloody Stabbing Ensues Over iPhone Vs Android Debate
Neil deGrasse Tyson Debunks Alien Rectal Probing
Man Struggled to Cancel Cable Despite His House Burning Down
120-pound woman eats three 72-ounce steak dinners in 20 minutes
German Student Asks Government For Test Questions In Advance
Cops stop concert after Kanye West jumps in lake
Tony Abbott filmed downing a beer in only seven seconds
Hero Woman Catches Baseball In Beer At Cubs Game, Proceeds To Chug Beer
Man injured in emu attack
Police, city officials resign after Missouri town elects black woman for mayor
Security Researcher Banned From Flight Due To Pointing Out Airline's Security Flaw
The mystery of the Bristol Hum has been solved
'Hookers for Hillary' launched by Moonlight Bunny Ranch
North Carolina man's obituary urges readers to reject Hillary Rodham Clinton
Playboy-posing veteran in flag scuffle. Sets off debate over everything.
EU dreams of Iranian gas to break dependence on Moscow
Playboy-posing veteran arrested in flag scuffle. Sets off debate over everything.
Antidepressant Use in Pregnancy Linked to Anxiety in Offspring
Arkansas Republican who gave adopted daughters away to rapist thought they were possessed by demons: report
A Transit-Themed World's Fair May Be Coming to Los Angeles
Conservative candidate Jesse Norman investigated over muffins
Hookers For Hillary: Nevada sex workers come out in favor of Clinton for president in 2016
Female Group Ejected From Comic Expo For Criticizing Feminism
Poll says 100% of women have been sexually harassed on a train
We Spend $600 Billion a Year on Defense, but Couldn't Stop a Mailman From Landing His Gyrocopter on the Capitol Lawn
Women too illogical to play high-level chess, says UK master - beaten by woman
A Robot That Bought Drugs Online Is Now Free From Police Custody
McDonald's starts testing all-day breakfast on 4/20
Canon imageRUNNER C1225iF Driver Download | Driver Supports
Jesus Christ Comes Third In MIT List Of 'Most Influential People'
Spain pupil kills teacher 'with crossbow'
Jon Corzine Considers Launching Hedge Fund
Ben Affleck asked broadcaster to hide slave-owning ancestor
Android versus iPhone debate escalates into stabbing and car theft
Driver escapes uninjured after rolling car while trying - and failing - to avoid hitting duck crossing the road
Woman Blames Car Crash on Coffee-Crazed Parrot
Airline bans passenger after tweet
A horse walks in to a bar...no, really! It happened in Bristol and here is the video to prove it
Sex attacker has his testicles chopped off while in custody
Penguin cookbook calls for 'freshly ground black people'
Local artist paid with, dies from, exposure
Family of Hitler's propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels SUE publisher for royalties for quoting from his diary.
Memphis Toddler Whipped, Dragged Over Eating Last Piece of Cheesecake; Mom, Boyfriend Charged
Grandma pregnant with quadruplets
Adam Sandler movie inspires real-life program for dementia patients
Turnover explosion at Shanghai stock exchange has too many zeros for software
One in four Parkinson's cases mistaken for being drunk
FBI admits forensic evidence errors in hundreds of cases, including death penalty cases
Boy, 14, from Blackburn held over Australia 'terror plot'
North Korea's Kim Jong Un Climbed a Mountain, State Media Says
Bachmann: God Will Punish US With 'Economic Disasters, Natural Disasters' Due To Obama Presidency
Man Charged in Fight Over Whether Jordan or LeBron Is Better
Preparation for 2018 World Cup in Russia Flawless - FIFA President
Man robs bank for $1 so he could be arrested and sent to jail for free medical health care
Omaha killer Nikko Jenkins tries to carve '666' into forehead, accidently carves 9s
McDonald's Testing All-Day Breakfast On Stoner Holiday
Chemistry Ph.D. student illustrates her thesis in comic book
Burlington City police investigate statue of person holding a gun found near gas station
McDonald's is Serving Breakfast All Day on 4/20, Stoners Rejoice
Footballer sacked after being filmed having sex with fan in dugout
Couple sues sperm bank after they say they learned donor is schizophrenic dropout
Parrots call for help in Canyon County house fire
Officials: Gasoline used to kill bedbugs causes house fire
NYC Mayor Bill De Blasio in secret bid to be Dems' 2016 pick
Illuminati to hold recruitment dance party in Williamsburg
Dying wish: Don't vote for Hillary Clinton
Homeless Millennials Are Transforming Hobo Culture
ISIS, Taliban announced Jihad against each other
Ronald Reagan Asked Soviet Union For Help Fighting Alien Invasion
Pirate Bay's Fredrik Neij Can't Play Nintendo Classics In Prison
[Seriously] ISIS and Taliban announced Jihad against each other
Pakistani woman burned alive for leaving home without permission
Feeling Blue? Smell the Armpit of a Happy Man, New Study Advises
Flying mailman exposed security crack
Former Canadian defence minister urges governments to release UFO info
Anti-Violence Program Supervisor Threatened to Kill Female Co-Worker: DA
Handcuffed suspect steals police car in Birmingham's West Precinct
The Irony Is Rich
Controversial Dark Web Bitcoin Bot Released from Custody
MO town elects first black mayor, 80 percent of police force immediately resigns. (Video)
Bachmann: Rapture Imminent Thanks To Gay Marriage & Obama
CBC rebrands 'Q' as 'q' but it will still be known as 'Q'
Leaked Emails Reveal Hollywood Execs at Work for Israel
Brazil's FIFA World Cup winner Paulo Cesar sells medal to buy cocaine
Google search history can now be downloaded in its entirety, mass embarrassment expected
UN: Slaughter of 1.5 million Armenians is not genocide
Everyone's Favourite Japanese Vagina Sculptor is Currently Facing Two Years in Prison
Man charged in fight over whether Michael Jordan or LeBron James is better
UC Santa Cruz Administrator Apologizes For Mexican Food At 'Intergalactic' Themed Event
Woman eats three 72-ounce steaks in 20 minutes
U.S. Supreme Court rejects appeal over Arizona 'fish pedicures'
Neil Young Announces Monsanto-Themed LP Recorded With Willie Nelson's Sons
Foot Fungus Is Better in America
NC legislature plans to spend $1 million over the next two years to install a framed portrait of George Washington in every school
Driver's luck after crash with duck on A1 near Hatfield
Letterkenny man finds live grenade in the garden but wife tells him to finish gardening
Kanye West: Tidal Isn't Illuminati
Donegal man told to finish the gardening by wife after he found live GRENADE
Feminist Comedian to Fight Patriarchy by Telling Rape Jokes, Showing Vagina Onstage
Toronto's next top cop: Being black 'doesn't give me superpowers'
Congress is Attempting to Reauthorize Key Patriot Act Provisions by Sneaking it Into "USA Freedom Act"
Concealed Carrying Chicago Uber Driver Defends Group Of Pedestrians Against Wild Gunman
An agoraphobic who hadn't been out of the house in a decade goes for a walk - and falls down an open manhole
Agoraphobic Grandma Finally Leaves Home, Immediately Falls Down Manhole
HERE ARE THREE EX-COPS GETTING SUPER-DUPER HIGH FOR 4/20
Swedish streaker strikes at Skellefteå wedding
Security researcher banned from flight after tweet on hacking
BREAKING: Helicopters Heading to Abandoned Walmarts en Masse
Dearth of Tutu-Makers Puts Ballet in Crisis
Uber Pairs Up With Marijuana Group to Offer 4/20 Discount for Stoners
Astronomers discover largest known structure in the universe is a big hole
CONGRESSMAN CONNOLLY REFUSES TO CROSS UNION PICKET LINE & CANCELS FILMING OF CAMEO IN SHARKNADO 3 PRODUCTION
User asks /r/fitness about eating bugs as a protein source.
National Mall Trashed After Global Citizen 2015 Earth Day Concert
Welcome to tiny Liberland, world's newest tax haven
Newly discovered frog looks amazingly like Kermit
Auburn woman sues Bates College; says 'chick flicks' were expected
Kanye West denies that he is an Illuminati member: 'We don't run anything; we're celebrities'
ACLU sues over abortion access for immigrants
ACLU Targets Religious Charities Over Refusing Abortions, Contraception for Immigrant Children
North Korea Defector Says 'The Interview' Could Push Citizenry to Revolt
Some people who bought a U2 record on Record Store Day got a Tool EP instead
Whole Foods charged by police for opening on Good Friday
1 person seriously hurt trying to fight bed bugs with gasoline.
Agoraphobic grandmother conquers her fears of open spaces to leave home for third time in 10 years only to break leg and nose falling down manhole
Agoraphobic grandma falls down manhole after leaving home for first time in years
Teenage Girls Use Bottle Tops To Get Lips Like Kylie Jenner In 'Disturbing' Beauty Trend #KylieJennerChallenge
Photo of Runner Snapping Selfie Snags Prestigious Photojournalism Prize
This Utah teen is allergic to water
Welfare queen wants taxpayers to pay for her 15k wedding.
Agoraphobic gran ventures outside for third time in 10 years - and falls down manhole
Viral 'Kylie Jenner Challenge' leaving teens with bruised lips, face hickies
1 person seriously hurt trying to fight bed bugs
Alabama Teen Asks her Grandfather to be her Prom Date
Catcalling jerk 'thought we were gonna pop a few beers' after harassing women
Pittsburgh-Area High School Students Organize "Anti-Gay Day"
Virginia 'Religious Liberty' Bill Sponsor Claims Opponents Are Discriminating Against Straight People
Crane, flatbed truck needed to move 1,000-pound RI man
Atheist Mom Threatened After School Cancels 'Bibleman' Visits
Mouthing off GMOSES Feed F4r Freedom
Man Catcalls Women During Anti-Catcalling Report - Digg
Best of Extravaganja 2015 fashion: Flower headbands, colorful hair popular at this year's event
Christina Hoff Sommers gets Trigger Warnings at Georgetown
Officer holds fire as suspect begs to be shot.
'This is a new low even for Walmart,' say fired workers
Waka Flocka Flame for President: Watch His Exclusive Campaign Video
Officer holds fire as murder suspect begs to be shot
Vladimir Putin suggested Steven Seagal as an intermediary for discussions with the White House
Boy, 8, found hanged 'did not intend to kill himself'
One of Today's Pulitzer Prize Winners Left Journalism Because It Couldn't Pay His Rent. Now He's in PR.
The new argument against gay equality: same-sex marriage kills. Conservative Scholars are arguing homosexual unions will cause 900,000 abortions.
This woman has worn the same outfit to work every single day for 3 years
New WikiLeaks documents reveal the inner workings of the Dr. Oz Show
Google Joins the Search For the Loch Ness Monster: Now anyone with an Internet connection can search for Nessie using Street View imaging of murky Scottish waters.
Female CEO in Dallas Says Woman Should Not Be U.S. President
Why healthy eating may be the new eating disorder: Raw food and paleo dieters 'at risk of a dangerous obsession with nutrition'
120-pound mother of four eats 216 oz. of steak in 20 minutes
Video: UFC veteran fights man with Down syndrome, loses by second-round submission
The new argument against gay equality: Same-sex marriage kills
William Shatner Hopes to Save California From Drought With $30B Kickstarter Campaign
JEALOUS CHINESE BOYFRIEND 'FATTENS UP' HIS BRIDE TO BE
Driver Carries Furious Man on Hood Through 7 Pennsylvania Towns
Kylie Jenner Challenge sucking causes teens face deformities bruised lips face hickies
Police and city officials resign after Missouri elects black mayor
Netflix Emailed People Suggesting They Watch "Scrotal Recall", Which Is Great
The Selfie Toaster Toasts Your Face Onto Bread
Chinese mobile phone app lets you hire thugs to carry out beatings
Mom Arrested For Arranging, Bringing Knife to Teen Daughter's Fistfight
Google joins the search for Loch Ness Monster, may have found it (or not)
Man executes bad computer with a gun in a back alley, gets a ticket
Man kills computer in Colorado Springs alley, gets revenge he wanted - and a citation
Sex in broad daylight: Shoppers in California mall get an eye full
'Full House' Sequel 'Fuller House' Set to Debut on Netflix in 2016
Is it a church or swingers club posing as a church?
Waka Flocka Flame announces he is running for president
Fraternity Honors Bill Cosby With Lifetime Achievement Award
Sisters forced to sleep in locked room after mum marries paedophile
120lb Woman consumes three 72oz steak dinners for a total of 216-ounces of steak (around 13 pounds), 3 baked potatoes, 3 side salads, 3 shrimp cocktails, and 3 rolls in less than 30 minutes
[X-Post /r/atheism] Atheist Mom Threatened After School Cancels 'Bibleman' Visits
Why Do Girls Suck At Playing Chess?
Michael Brown memorial tree cut down in Ferguson park less than 24 hours after dedication
Google help for Loch Ness Monster hunters
Social Justice Activists Block University to Protest Social Injustice.
Michael Brown Tree Cut Down After Just Hours
Nicolas Cage was once stalked by a mime
Mike Irvine defends master's thesis under water
Social Justice Activists Block University and attack students to Protest Social Injustice and police brutality
Mysterious model of Taj Mahal made out of toast discovered on south London street corner
Has Google found the Loch Ness Monster?
Metallica's Kirk Hammett loses iPhone containing 250 new guitar riffs
Minnesota bar allegedly caught with 'only in Wisconsin' beer
Ohio Terror Suspect Abdirahman Mohamud Said He Was 'Chilling in Istanbul'
Kanye West insists that Jay Z's music streaming company Tidal is not the Illuminati
Student Charged With Cybercrime After Being Accused of Changing Background Image on Teacher's Computer to Men Kissing
Woman with debilitating fear of public spaces ventures outside and falls down a manhole
Yarmouth dogs take owner's car for a joyride outside animal hospital
The Royals Are Serving Fans Moldy Garbage Hot Dogs
600,000 worth of cocaine washes up on Destin beach
Russian 'Uber for Boobs' Start-Up Tittygram Sees Business Boom
Apple bans selfie sticks
Twitter giggles as Pakistan, China launch RANDI think tank (Randi = Whore in Pakistani)
Yoko Ono: Ringo Starr was the most influential Beatle
Pulitzer Winner Left Journalism for a PR Job So He Could Pay His Rent
Handcuffed suspect steals police car; doesn't get far
Turkey, bullied by University of Waterloo geese, flies through 3rd floor window
Police: Man on flakka claimed to be Thor, sexually assaulted a tree
Michele Bachmann: The Rapture Is Coming And It's Obama's Fault
Police, Officials Resign After Small Missouri Town Elects First Black Female Mayor
Ralph Nader waits for Bush and Obama to answer his rude, bizarre letters
Election live: Nigel Farage says Ukip manifesto features one 'half black' and a 'fully black' person
Judge gives chimpanzees human rights for the first time
Police, City Officials Resign After Parma, MO Elects Black Female Mayor
"Free Hugs" guy punches out girl on Coney Island boardwalk.
Saudi Arabia: Halal Sex Shops to Sell 'Islamically Approved' Adult Toys for Muslims in Mecca
Bachmann: The rapture is coming. Thanks Obama.
Florida mom plans teen girls' fight, brings knife
'Intolerant Jackass Act' proposed as response to anti-gay initiative
Times Square "Marijuana Man" Arrested For Selling Weed To Iron Man
Lars von Trier: 'I've started drinking again, so I can work' (x-post from /r/movies)
Halal sex shop to open in Mecca to sell "Islamic" adult toys.
USC students launch medical marijuana delivery app
Does peer pressure stop you from speaking up for the oil industry?
Pasco mom accused of planning teen girls' fight (w/video)
If Bandit Was Prepared, Officers Would Have Been Killed Threatens Family Of Slain Criminal
Robot with $100 bitcoin buys drugs, gets arrested
Surgeon who punched patient up to 10 times in face to 'fix broken cheekbone' is struck off
Heritage Foundation: Gay Marriage Will Make All The Gross Spinsters Kill Their Babies. It's Math!
We're Piercing My Baby's Tongue. Here's Why.
Prostitutes say Warren Sapp "tackled" them as they tried to leave
Surgeon 'PUNCHED patient in face ten times to correct cheek fracture'
Young Republicans drafted in from US to boost Conservative [UK] election bid
Frog discovered in Costa Rica resembles Kermit
Scientists Discover Real-Life Kermit The Frog In Costa Rica
Playing with toys: North Korea's odd looking air force drill
UK surgeon 'repeatedly punched a patient in the face to fix a fracture'
Young Republicans drafted in from US to boost Conservative election bid
Tulsa Man Smashes Roommate With Beer Bottle In iPhone Vs. Android Argument
Playboy-posing veteran takes trampled flag from protesters
Otago declares war on Canterbury wallabies
Passing airplane may have unloaded used toilet paper all over Pa. town
William Shatner wants our water.
Man Decides to Try and Buy Kickstarter After Being Told He Can't Name Dogs
'I regret eveything': Toni Morrison looks back on her personal life
Woman's Lips Explode After Doing Kylie Jenner Challenge!!
Louisville man accused of stabbing victim who didn't give him a cigarette
Agoraphobic granny finally steps outside... and falls down manhole
Driver traded lunch-meat-filled trailer for crack cocaine
New York court issues habeas corpus writ for chimpanzees
Michelle Bachman: Rapture is coming and it's Obama's fault
Tree honoring Ferguson teenager Michael Brown vandalized shortly after being planted
Pakistani Taliban claim to have successfully test-fired missile called 'Omar-1'
Leading facial surgeon 'repeatedly punched patient in the face to try and correct a fracture'
Majority of police force quits after Missouri town elects first black mayor
Tribunal told top facial surgeon punched patient in the face "like a boxer" during treatment
Newly discovered frog looks like Kermit
Giorgio Armani Says Gay Men Shouldn't 'Dress Homosexual'
South Dakota's new ad campaign: At least we're not Mars
Students Fear for Their Safety Because Conservatives Invited a Speaker to Campus
Judge acquits off duty Chicago cop that fired into an unarmed crowd, killing a woman, because the prosecutor charged him with the wrong crime
Denmark bans bestiality in move against animal sex tourism
Waka Flocka Flame Announces He's Running for President
Leaders of small Missouri town resign after black, female mayor is sworn in
Rob Ford's apparent 'crack tie' sells for $1,445
Rapper Waka Flocka Flame Announces He's Running for President
Judge Recognizes Two Chimpanzees as Legal Persons, Grants them Writ of Habeas Corpus
Proposed federal rules for NYPD training include Cop 101 advice like 'don't be racist'
Judge acquits Chicago cop in fatal off-duty shooting, sparking anger
Success Kid's dad needs help to raise money for a kidney transplant
D.C. finally gets that long-awaited shipment of frozen panda semen from China
The Internet Rallies Around 'Success Kid,' Raises More Than $100,000 To Help His Dad Get A Kidney Transplant
REPORT: BAY AREA NEEDS TO PREPARE FOR 'MEGA STORM'
Man assaults wife with a waffle
Judge finds Chicago police officer not guilty in fatal shooting
N.Y. Judge Grants Legal Rights To 2 Research Chimps
Adidas Wants To Make Shoes And Clothing Using Plastic Garbage From The Ocean
Tisdale, Sask., rethinking 'Land of Rape and Honey' slogan
Waffle considered dangerous weapon in Lowell assault case
Californians Can Now Pay Cash For Health Insurance At 7-Eleven
First Time in World History Judge Recognizes Two Chimpanzees as Legal Persons, Grants Them Writ of Habeas Corpus
Canada Loves the Poop Emoji
John McCain Wants to Know More About His Imaginary Chat With Ted Cruz
Colorado Springs man cited for murdering computer
The Craigslist Ad of the Day Is for a Used Imperial Star Destroyer
Dying CIA agent: "Marilyn Monroe was a commie spy and I assasinated her for America"
Pennsylvania High School Students Organize "Anti-Gay Day"
Chimpanzees granted 'legal persons' status to defend their rights in court
'Poop Equality': Students Hold 'Sh*t-In' at Public California University
Teens Attempt DIY Kylie Jenner Pout With Potentially Dangerous Results
LONDON CELEBRATES THE MONTY PYTHON REUNION BY PUTTING A 50-FOOT DEAD PARROT IN POTTERS FIELD PARK
Mother blames spider after toddler daughter is beaten to death
Woman with agoraphobia falls in manhole after venturing outside to face fears
Oregon woman denied use of Facebook because of Native American name
Colorado man cited for 'killing' uncooperative computer with handgun
Minnesota bar busted for selling Wisconsin beer
Hero College Football Player Gave President Obama Bunny Ears in White House Photo
Blocked sex club to open as 'church' instead
Spotify is now worth more than the entire music industry
The Koch Bros fund climate science denial through a "charity," now the IRS is interested
Holly man to appear in court about failing to bury a dead cow on his farm
Long-lost siblings reunite after both swipe right
Saskatchewan town considers changing 'Land of Rape and Honey' slogan
These Long-Lost Siblings Amazingly Reunited - Over Tinder
Va. dad's rights affirmed in turkey baster conception
In New York, 88,000 people have applied for 55 affordable apartments in a single building
Lawyer defending Utah equality ban warns: Gays will cause 900,000 abortions if they marry
NC House bill would earmark $1 million to place George Washington's image in each public school
Armored knights face off in crazy Russian MMA match
Nigel Farage wants the BBC to stop making Doctor Who, Strictly Come Dancing, and Top Gear
Tisdale, Sask., rethinks its 'Land of Rape and Honey' slogan
Nigel Farage wants the BBC to stop making Doctor Who, Strictly Come Dancing, and Top Gear and the licence fee slashed to £50
Mom Throws Naked Twister/Bubble Bath Party For Teen Daughter
Judge Orders Hearing for 2 Chimps Said to Be 'Unlawfully Detained'
'Put it away,' employees said, after man allegedly got naked in Westfield Dunkin' Donuts
Nigel Farage says image of 'half-black' spokesman shows manifesto's diversity
Man fends off alien invasion with hammer
Man arrested after shooting computer 8 times
Ecuador fools travellers into thinking they are in Costa Rica in tourism video
Waka Flocka Flame for President
Major Religious Groups Worried They'll Be Branded As Bigots After Same-Sex Marriage Case
A Drug-Buying Robot Has Been Freed From Police Custody
Loch Ness Monster found by Google? Street View plunges into the mystery
Ecuador Tourism Ministry Tricks Tourists, Pretends to Be Costa Rica
Is Tisdale still the 'Land of Rape and Honey'? Saskatchewan town considers changing its slogan after six decades
Jeb Bush Praises Obama's Expansion of NSA Surveillance
NAKED WOMAN CRASHES CAR INTO KOHL'S STORE; NOT DRUNK, POLICE SAY
Jeb Bush praises Obama over NSA spying
No, gay marriage will not cause 900,000 abortions
Waka Flocka Flame Announces Presidential Bid (Even Though He Is Not Old Enough to Be President)
Enraged US man shoots his malfunctioning computer
Joss Whedon: 'Making The Avengers is tough. I may die...'
Canadian town rethinks its "Land of rape and honey" slogan
Colorado Man Ends Battle With Computer By Shooting it 8 Times
Rapper Waka Flocka Flame Running For President
Biggest sporting event in Victoria is the AFL grandfinal. The day before the two parade through city. Tens of thousands attend. Government just made that day a public holiday. AFL now say they wont hold the event because its on a public holiday
Woman, 70, allegedly hid cocaine in underwear
Pennsylvania high schoolers wear matching flannel, hang hateful posters on 'Anti-Gay Day'
Solar panels start fire at green party run town hall.
Court rules that man who gave sperm to friend who impregnated herself with turkey baste has parental rights
Large headed women found to have pelvis shape to allow for delivery of large headed babies
Groom slapped by ex-girlfriend; bride weds his brother instead.
Teacher terrified by surprise 'active shooter' drill in eastern Oregon schoolhouse files federal lawsuit
Canadian town known as 'Land of Rape and Honey' finally rethinks its slogan
Texas State Delt Gets Drunk, Confused, Takes $1,240 Taxi From New Orleans To San Marcos, Flies Back
Google Joins the Search for the Loch Ness Monster
Prime Minister John Key sorry after waitress accuses him of pulling her pony-tail
NZ Prime Minister apologizes for repeatedly pulling waitress' ponytail
Do Babies Feel Pain? The Latest Research Says Yes
Overcharged Uber Customer Now "Owes" $16,000 For One Ride
Judge grants legal personhood to 2 chimpanzees; provides right to challenge being held in captivity
Gender bias identification software flags job postings for "having too many listed bullet points" for women
Brittney Cooper Says Charlie Hebdo Solidarity Is About White Privilege In the Worst Column Salon's Ever Run
Colorado Springs man cited for 'killing computer'
Prime Minister John Key pulled waitress' ponytail
Waka Flocka Flame has announced that he's running for president. Of the United States.
Police: Woman killed husband, hid body in manure
"Fed Up" Colorado Man, 38, Busted For Killing His Computer In Cold Blood
Police car collides with Bentley in Shenzhen, driver of cop car flees the scene on foot
Colorado man cited for 'killing' unco-operative computer with handgun
Parents say principal parked in school exit during storm
South Dakota's new slogan: We're better than Mars
New Zealand prime minister John Key apologises for pulling waitress's hair
Military launches search for Miss Kazakhstan
Colorado man ticketed for fatally shooting computer; says it was worth it
Texas volunteer firefighters sexually assaulted man with chorizo sausage in video
Judge didn't mean to give human rights to chimps
Iowans Hurt After Van Strikes Manure Spreader
New York City buses must show 'killing Jews' ad, judge rules
Florida Teen Charged with Hacking Felony for Changing Computer Wallpaper
Canadians lead the world in using the smiling poop emoji
Mesa woman guilty of running over husband because he didn't vote
Hillsborough teen bitten on face by water moccasin he kept on bed
This guy wants to name your dog and buy Kickstarter so he can do it
BONFIRE OF INSANITIES: SOLAR PANELS START FIRE AT GREEN PARTY-RUN HOVE TOWN HALL
Co-Pilot's Coffee Spill Blamed in Plunge of Serbian President's Plane
Police resign en masse after US town elects first ever black female mayor
Man high on Flakka has sex with tree and fights cops.
Florida Grandma In A Bikini Totals BMW, Gets A DUI With 10-Year-Old Grandson Riding Shotgun
Strange man in strange clothes steals cross from SLU church
San Carlos Residents Question Watering Of Artificial Turf Field
IKEA Release DJ Table Strong Enough To Hold Five Attention Seeking DJs At Once
The Minot Daily News staff had a headscratcher: Should we run this ad? They did. Because "free speech"
St. Petersburg police horse tries his hoof at painting
New Zealand PM John Key apologises for hair-pulling
Conservative Lawyers to Court: Gay Marriage Will Cause 900,000 Abortions
Man executes his computer in an alley
Texas State Bro Gets Drunk At Formal In New Orleans, Takes $1200 Cab Back To His Frat House By Mistake, Flies Back To New Orleans
An Apple That Tastes Like a Grape: The Politics of Food
Waka Flocka Flame Announes His Candidacy for President of the United States
Women pay less than men at Pittsburgh pop-up shop
Use magic to eliminate Maoist terrorists, Chhattisgarh minister tells magician
Waka Flocka Flame Announces His Candidacy for President of the United States
Berkeley Students Protest "Hostility" for Minority Students, Attack Minorities Trying to Attend Class
PM sorry for pulling woman's hair | NZNews
English footballer Jay Hart sacked for having sex in dugout
Police car collides with Bentley, driver of cop car flees the scene on foot
Family sues after finding wrong man in casket
Wonga declares £37.3m loss after accidentally borrowing a fiver from itself
Dog, no joke, takes control of tractor on M74 Motorway
Henan man fails to rob 3 Hong Kong banks, mistaken for April Fool's jokester
Dog, no joke, takes control of tractor on M74
Scotland:Dog causes traffic chaos after taking control of tractor on the M74
Thief steals Henry vacuum cleaner from Pizza Hut in Manchester city centre
Police follow leads as dog 'takes control of tractor' and drives it on to motorway
Kanye West swears he's not in the Illuminati
Dog causes traffic chaos after taking control of tractor on the M74
M74 Held up after dog "drives tractor" on carriageway
Kraft mac-and-cheese will no longer be radioactive orange
Delays on M74 after dog 'drives tractor' on carriageway
Mother names her child "Nevaeh Tnes". 'Heaven Sent' spelled backwards.
'You're a Donkey,' Lindsey Lohan mistakenly tells fans in Arabic
Columbia University Student Will Drag Her Mattress Around Campus Until Her Rapist Is Gone
Man shoots computer in Colorado Springs alley, gets revenge he wanted - and a citation
Catholic priest tells parishioners to pack guns
Taliban Are Said to Target Hazaras to Try to Match ISIS' Brutality
Escaped Prisoner Turns Himself In After 39 Years for the Health Care
A lost tourist has landed in court after tapping a Dubai policewoman on the shoulder to get her attention.
Dog driving tractor causes chaos by crashing on the motorway.
Sask. town considers changing slogan: 'Land of Rape and Honey'
Dog drives tractor on to M74 and causes mayhem
Waka Flocka Flame announces 2016 candidacy for the White House, on 4/20 of course
Bikini-clad grandma arrested for DUI with grandson in car
Mila Kunis 'sued' by Ukrainian singer who claims actress stole her pet chicken
Dog driving tractor causes delays on motorway
One Dead, 20 Sick With Botulism Symptoms After Church Potluck
Tourist arrested after tapping Dubai policewoman on shoulder
DEA chief to step down, Congress probes sex party leaks
Distracted Driver Dies After Posting On Facebook About The Song 'Happy,' Taking Selfies
Doctors Ask Columbia University to Fire Dr. Oz Because He's Full of Shit
Chinese woman stuns BMW dealership by paying for luxury car with mountain of one-yuan notes
Koch Brothers to Let Jeb Bush 'Audition' for Their Support
Lost phone deals blow to Metallica album
Dog crashes tractor on motorway
Minnesota bar allegedly caught with 'only in Wisconsin' Spotted Cow beer
Britney Spears fans throw her hat into the ring for Smash Bros inclusion
Is this the nastiest yogurt in the world? FYI: It's made with a female's natural flora
Man arrested for assaulting Wife with Waffle.
Mini Horses Charles and Diane Visit New York City to Land TV Deal
PayPal wants to implant passwords in your stomach and your brain
Mila Kunis being sued by a childhood friend who claims Mila sole her chicken 25 years ago and now she needs money for emotional distress.
Mila Kunis is being sued by a childhood friend who claims Mila stole her chicken 25 years ago and now she needs money for emotional distress.
Saskatchewan town wrestles with 'Land of Rape and Honey' slogan | Toronto Star
On the hunt for the presidency, Jeb Bush adopts a 'caveman' diet
Twerking bees under assessment from Russia's Investigative Committee
Paris attack thwarted when Islamic extremist accidentally shoots self
Lindsay Lohan Confuses 'You're Beautiful' With 'You're a Donkey' in Arabic
Man forms tiny European nation, 160,000 sign up to become citizens
Woman beats boyfriend up after he's caught cheating - VIDEO
A sex shop is opening up in Saudi Arabia
Colorado man cited for shooting computer to death
Virginia court: Dad has rights after turkey-baster pregnancy
Verizon has a message to customers who want lower prices: Go away
Town rethinks its 'Land of Rape and Honey' slogan
Man puts 8 bullets in his Dell, tells police it's worth the ticket
Saskatchewan Town Wrestles with 'Land of Rape and Honey' Slogan
The Aeroplane Of Tomorrow Is Dirty, Fast And Cheap
Enraged US Man Shoots Computer
Man arrested for shooting computer with handgun
After vision of Christ, Nigerian bishop says rosary will bring down Boko Haram
'Tea Party Patriot' Fearful Of Losing His Obamacare If GOP Wins 2016 Election
NZ Prime Minister repeatedly pulled a waitresses ponytail despite pleading him and security not to. And now we fjnd..lots of creepy pics of him holding little girls ponytails.
John Key, New Zealand PM, apologizes for tugging on server's ponytail
White people have been banned from an 'anti-racism' event at a British university
Tim Tebow, Philadelphia Eagles reach contract agreement
'Shariah compliant' adult shop to open in Makkah
Man Takes Misbehaving PC Outside And Shoots It
Pregnant restaurant worker fired after armed robbery after she refuses to pay back money stolen.
Report: Vladimir Putin proposed actor Steven Seagal as intermediary between Russia and US
Black Woman Locked In Psych Ward For 8 Days Because Cops Couldn't Believe She's A Businesswoman
Steven Seagal: President Vladimir Putin proposed veteran actor as intermediary between Russia and US, says report
Fed up with computer, Colorado man takes it out back and shoots it 8 times
Ex-Jeb Bush aide who quit after tweet scandal launches tweet-deleting app
Human waste being made into beer in Oregon
Addicted to underpants: Man's compulsion to wear new boxers every day left him facing bankruptcy
Teen captures, is bitten by cottonmouth snake
A town in Canada known as the 'Land of Rape and Honey' is rethinking its slogan
'The Land of Rape and Honey' no more? Tisdale considering branding change
App that lets you hire a thug to carry out a beating 'downloaded by 40,000 people'
Earth Day co-founder killed, composted girlfriend
The Most Loud Sex Complaints in New York City Come From This Building: Data
Ambulance called for dead Epping Forest squirrel
A New Phone App Lets You Hire Thugs and Get Them to Beat People Up for You
This politician blamed a naughty iPhone charger for favoriting sexy tweet
New Zealand Prime Minister Apologizes for Repeatedly Pulling Waitress's Hair
Putin proposed Steven Seagal as Russian envoy to US
Imminent Paris terror attack foiled when Islamic extremist accidentally shoots self
Virginia mom who got pregnant with turkey baster must share custody, court rules
Denmark: Bestiality Is Banned Amid Concerns of Sex Tourism
Woman's brain tumour turns out to be embryonic twin
Mobile phone app lets you hire thugs to carry out beatings
Teenagers on Instagram are destroying their lips with shot glasses in an attempt to look like Kylie Jenner.
Rafa Benitez is too fat to manage Sampdoria, says club president
DEA Head to Resign Following Sex Parties Paid for by Drug Lords
House bill would earmark $1 million to place George Washington's image in each public school
Bruce Jenner calls the police over pictures of him wearing a dress
Man shoots computer in fit of rage
Amy Schumer: Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Thought My Prank Was 'Really Funny'
Mich. woman gets 3-7-years for shooting over bacon-less burger
South Korean PM offers to Resign in his own Fight Against Corruption
ISIS lets people play foosball but only if heads are removed from figurines
Shatner wants our water
Soccer coach deemed "too fat" to coach club by the club president.
Brother and sister reunited through Tinder after 15 years
Brother and sister separated for years are reunited... after matching with each other on Tinder
MSNBC's Touré Has the Taxman on His Case. And he's just one of the network's four tax scofflaws
Citi Economist Says It Might Be Time to Abolish Cash
Mila Kunis Faces Lawsuit After Being Accused Of Stealing Her Childhood Friend's Chicken
Canadian town finally admits 'Land of Rape and Honey' is not a good slogan
France arrests terror suspect after he apparently shot himself by accident
10-tonne fatberg removed from west London sewer
Mother accused of throwing 'naked Twister' party for teenage daughter
AC/DC drummer sentenced to Whitesnake.
Tim Tebow's Eagles contract has $0 guaranteed
The Most Loud Sex Complaints in New York City Come From This Building [x-post from r/nyc]
Quebec girl told to stop reading by school bus driver
Mila Kunis Sued -- You Stole My Chicken, So Cluck You!!!
'Killing Jews is Worship' posters will soon appear on NYC subways and buses
Agoraphobic UK grandmother falls down manhole after braving outside world.
Quebec girl told to stop reading book by school bus driver
Horse stabbed to death after row in Limerick estate
Rotting whale gets graffitied in Pacifica
My Islamic Faith Prevents Me From Paying Interest on My Student Loans
Chinese school bars windows and balconies to stop pupil suicides
Mormon wants to create app to help other mormons stop masturbating
Adult Male Sues Kickball League After Hurting Himself
"It Was Worth Risking My Life, My Freedom": Campaign Reform Activist on Flying Gyrocopter to Capitol
Michelle Bachmann: The Rapture is coming and its Obama's fault.
Police: Man pulls gun over parking space at school
Orthodox rabbis convicted of conspiracy in New Jersey kidnap-divorce plot
Mastur-Plan App Offers Mormon Alternative To Jerking Off
Scranton Area Residents Wake Up To Find Homes Covered In Toilet Paper
Texas Popeyes manager fired after armed robber steals $400
Jameis Winston: Store employee 'hooked us up' with crab legs
Missouri mother blames spider after toddler daughter is beaten to death
University anti-racism event bans white people from attending
Man Shoots His Piece of Shit Computer Eight Times in a Back Alley
Taco Bell Lobbyists Thank Congressional Staff with 6,000 Tacos
Lesson learned - don't inject Vaseline into your penis
Mila Kunis accused of chicken theft
Kansas PAC 'It's Time To Fix Stupid' told they have to change their name
Entire Western Media is a Troll Army
SU anti-racism event bans white people from attending
Florida man bitten while kissing venomous snake | News
Canadians lead world in smiling poop emoji use: report
Mila Kunis: Woman Sues Actress, Claiming She Stole Pet Chicken Named Doggie 25 Years Ago
Man charged after allegedly shooting computer with gun
Kansas to new political group: Fix your 'stupid' name
MILA KUNIS IS INVOLVED IN THE WORLDS MOST BIZARRE LAWSUIT
Former college dean admits to taking meth before fatal crash
Judge orders NY transit agency to run 'Killing Jews' ad
United Nations Exposes Chemtrails 100% Proof We Are Being Poisoned
'Ribeiro Listens To Nickelback' Sign Earns High School Senior Instant Fame
Private jet costs keep up New Jersey GOP spending
The Upper East Side elite are sending their nannies to a 'boot camp' where they learn how to use Uber
Jacob's Journey: Life as a Transgender 5-Year-Old
College Student Builds His Own Dorm Room in the Woods
Gays will cause 900,000 abortions if they marry, lawyer claims
Wanted Russian Billionaire And His 98' Yacht Stuck On Beach
Magic placebo more effective than ordinary placebo
Starbucks builds mini Starbucks location inside Starbucks
Commander Iverson of the USAF would like you to cover your boobs
Colorado Springs police: "Man kills his computer" with gun
скачать мод от джова 0 9 7 с официального сайта
Pregnant restaurant worker fired after armed robbery after she refused to pay back money stolen
Court affirms Roanoke dad's rights in turkey baster conception
More Than 9,000 Gallons Of Fuel To Be Used On Air Force One For Obama's Trip To Everglades On Earth Day
Utah scholars join others in arguing same-sex marriage will lead to abortions
Ray-Ban Bans Rand Paul's Ray-Bans over Brand Ban
Delays on M74 after dog takes control of a tractor
Dog causes chaos after crashing tractor.
Colorado Springs Man Shoots Malfunctioning Computer Eight Times, Calls It 'Glorious'
Reports: Pregnant Popeyes manager fired after refusing to pay for armed robbery
Attack on Paris church thwarted when extremist accidentally shoots himself
Blogger who claimed that eating whole foods healed her brain cancer admits she was never sick.
WOMAN SENTENCED FOR SHOOTING OVER MISSING BACON IN MCDONALD'S BURGER
Feminist Professor: "Worst" Form of Gov't is One Run by Competent, Able People
Terror Plot on Paris Church Thwarted After Extremist Accidentally Shoots Himself
Volunteer Oklahoma deputy pleads not guilty, heads to Bahamas
Sex shop to open in Saudi Arabia selling halal products for Muslims
'Land of rape and honey': Canada town reconsiders slogan after 55 years
Man fires 8 gunshots into his Dell PC after Blue Screens of Death push him over edge
Drug suspect foils Chesterfield authorities by putting GPS monitor on cat
NFL schedule release shows league's continued grip on America
New Zealand prime minister apologizes for ponytail pulling
Passenger on Southwest flight in Chicago stabbed for excessive snoring
Mila Kunis being sued for allegedly 'stealing' a chicken as a child
Canadians top the world in smiling poop emoji use, report finds
Woman on meth attacks roommate with samurai sword
First-grader found with 14 packets of heroin in backpack
2 Minute Miracle Gel | Radiance Brightening Souffle | C5 Youth Renewal Serum | ICE Elements by JM Ocean Avenue
Wisconsin church ends pig wrestling after advocates raise stink
Canadian Town of Tisdale Rethinking 'Land of Rape and Honey' Slogan
Channel 4 to shut E4 on day of general election to encourage youth vote
Frustrated man shoots and 'kills' computer in Colorado, is fine with his life choices
Florida Man Faces Charges After Being Bitten Attempting to Kiss Venomous Snake
Woman reports to Police that her car is stolen while buying drugs
A Margherita Pizza Delivered By A Bomb Disposal Robot Stopped A Man From Killing Himself
Dad Gets Parental Rights: Shockingly, Law Not On Side of a Woman Who Used Turkey Baster to Impregnate Herself
Luton lollipop man suspended after 'stopping fire engine'
Marin nuns walk out of school to protest gay-rights group
Игрушки для детей - Комбайн John Deere. Игрушки машины - Рабочие машины
NZ PM pulling waitresses ponytail. Pics and vuds showing him doing the same in schools..
Canadian town rethinks 'Land of Rape and Honey' slogan
It is 'discrimination' to call massacres of Armenians 'genocide', Turkey says
Embryonic Twin Discovered in Woman's Brain During Surgery in LA
Search Continues for Suspect Who Stole State Trooper's Hat
Amazon will deliver packages to car trunks, working with Audi and DHL
Hoarders missing husband found beneath heap of mattresses and microwaves.
Girl prohibited from reading on school bus, "posed a safety risk"
Bernie Williams set to officially retire, nearly 9 years after final game
Child mistakes used condom for balloon
DEA agents were caught with prostitutes in drug cartel-funded sex parties.
Now Amazon will let you rent goats
Man fatally shoots his computer after too many 'blue screens of death'
Scott Walker Celebrates Earth Day by Proposing To Fire 57 Environmental Agency Employees
Wonky ctrl + alt + del leads to shooting spree
Virginia court affirms Roanoke dad's rights in turkey baster conception
Drunken North Van fight with pool noodles nearly turns deadly.
Amnesty International Rejects Motion to Fight Anti-Semitism
Dog driving tractor causes chaos after crashing vehicle on M74
Australian health blogger admits faking terminal cancer
School girls banned from running to protect virginity
Woman gets up to seven years' jail for opening fire at a McDonald's store after her cheeseburger was missing bacon
Reading books on the school bus too dangerous: driver
A pregnant fast food worker, who was held up at gunpoint, was fired when she wouldn't pay back the money that was stolen during an armed robbery.
Agoraphobic UK woman falls down manhole immediately after leaving home for the first time in ten years
Dog Driving Tractor Ends About How You'd Expect
Man believed child porn was legal because 'he was God,' authorities say
Auschwitz Guard Charged With 300,000 Counts of Accessory to Murder
Toddler accused of pushing mother down lift shaft.
Catholic priest to parish: Trust in God but carry a concealed handgun.
Florida man hospitalized after attempt to kiss venomous snake
Utah lawyer says gay marriage will cause 900,000 abortions
A leather company made a video on how to make their leather bag to show how inferior the knockoffs are.
Sex offender stole school bus to try to abduct kids, deputies say
Colorado Boy Finds Discarded, Used Condom On School Playground, Puts It In His Mouth, Now Must Be Tested For STD's
OBITUARY: Beloved Long Island Snowman
Girls at Islamic school banned from running, teachers claim
Whose Bright Idea Is It To March ROTC Cadets Around In Heels?
IBM's Watson Designed The Worst Burrito I've Ever Had
Taco Bell, lobbying to prevent workers from organizing/getting healthcare, give congressional staff 6,000 free tacos
Medicinal Pot-Laced Doggie Treats Don't Get Fido High... They Get Him Well
Pregnant Popeyes Manager Fired After Refusing To Pay For Armed Robbery
Google pulls plug on YouTube for older iPads, iPhones, smart TVs
Girls at Islamic school Al-Taqwa college banned from running over virginity fears, teacher claims
Man Cited for Murdering a Computer
A Saudi Prince Just Promised Bentleys To Every Pilot Bombing Yemen
Residents of Canadian town strangely split over whether their town motto should continue to be the "Land of Rape and Honey".
Man Shoots Computer Eight Times After Getting Blue Screen of Death
The Saudi Prince who offered Bentleys to bombers
New Toronto police chief carded on way to swearing in ceremony
Why take just one? Sex offender stole school bus to try to abduct kids
Man speeding to court arrested on even more charges
Singer Sues Mila Kunis For Stealing Her Pet Chicken As A Child
S.F. grocery guard wounds woman who swung stolen chicken at him
Truck Driver Pleads Guilty To Trading $50,000 Worth Of Lunch Meat For Crack
Alabama student marries ISIS fighter
Rapper Wacka Flacka Flame claims he's running for president.
Scott Walker Marks Earth Day with Layoff Notices to Dozens of Environmental Agency Employees
Pregnant restaurant manager fired after armed robbery
Woman survives three days locked in storage shed
Man arrested after becoming stuck in roof hatch
Florida Man Tries to Kiss Cottonmouth Snake, Hospitalized after Bite
Guy who hung Confederate flags and nooses outside his home: "I am not a racist...I know black guys."
Cops Nab Bourbon-Stealing Syndicate That Used a Softball League to Move $100K of Whiskey
Texas State University frat member paid $1,240 for drunken cab ride from New Orleans to San Marcos
Woman pleads guilty to running over husband for not voting
Man arrested for swinging butter knife at school flagpole.
Man arrested for allegedly swinging butter knife at school flagpole
Why I'm Betting On Cities And Data
Real estate agent admits sending poo to rival - Business
Woman steals cheese, beer, sprays perfume, leaves cellphone at scene of burglary
Tinder brings sibling love to long-lost brother, sister in Holland
Saudi-led coalition bombs Yemen despite calling off air campaign
Expert confirms: IKEA is your relationship's worst nightmare
Farmer near Kerang ordered to take down offensive hay bale sculpture of cow and bull
Mexican girl wrongly sent to US returns to celebration
Yemen: Saudi prince promises free Bentleys to bomber pilots who killed 1,000
The Iceman cometh out: Marvel fans process X-Men's gay storyline
Real estate agent admits sending poo to rival
Police: Woman steals cheese, beer, sprays perfume, leaves cellphone at scene of burglary
College survey measuring scope of sexual assault inadvertently triggering SJWs who take it
Man checks out 'dirty' clip, finds daughter in it
r/NotTheOnion faggot mods nuke whole thread about white people being banned from "anti"-racist rally because "white privilege"
Distillery to Launch Bottle of Moonshine Into Space
Girls banned from running at islamic school to protect virginity.
Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network compares vaccines to rape
Women becoming nuns hits 25-year high
Australian Islamic school principal bans running for girls because they'll lose their virginity
Man became so frustrated with his computer that he shot it eight times
Girls at Islamic school banned from running over virginity fears: report
Lenin's Body Improves with Age
Hillsong lobby government because Christians keep stealing their music
Pregnant Popeye's worker was fired for not replacing stolen cash after armed robbery
Поп | НОВОСТИ И СМИ
Ed Miliband inspires One Direction-style teenage crushes as 'Milifandom' takes off
DUI lawyer sentenced for drunk driving
Scuba instructor molests women undersea
Delays on M74 after dog 'drives' on to carriageway
Set sail on Millennium Falcon? Disney cruise ship snags 'Star Wars' upgrade
Farmer faces porn charges for 'offensive' hay bales.
Man 'killed' his computer, police say
Australia Islamic school 'bans running' over virginity fears
TIL more about how majority of US adults are dumb af.
Joy, Anger for Family of Mexican Girl Wrongly Sent to US
Army to review decision to have male cadets wear high heels
The FBI faked an entire field of forensic science
Woman's brain tumor turns out to be 'evil twin' complete with bone, hair and teeth
Excited Detonate Festival Ticket Holder Arrested By MI5 After Tweeting "Looking Forward To Detonate"
Teenager returned to Mexico after identity mistake - CNN.com
Police seek man who touched a four-year-old boy's head
Quebec Superior Court defines what is a pizza.
Man arrested after assaulting his wife with a waffle.
One dead, 23 sick with Botulism symptoms after church potluck
Husband, Wife Injured in Hookah Bar Sword Stabbing
Cocaine found in Bristol's Gala Bingo hall toilets as OAP drug addiction rises
Exercise is good ... but it won't help you lose weight, say doctors
Chicago mother arrested for raping a man at gunpoint
China Says Please Stop Hiring Funeral Strippers
Young boy rescued from giant boulder
"Land of Rape and Honey" Canadian town reconsiders slogan after 55 years
Harry Reid Has Officially Entered the DGAF Phase of His Career
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key Apologizes for Pulling Waitress's Hair
Robert Downey Jr. Walks Out Of Interview After Being Asked About 'Dark Periods'
Kenya: Cow 'starts eating sheep' on Nakuru farm
Ed Miliband moves to reassure One Direction over fears he is about to replace them as teenage girls' new obsession
Halal Sex Shop To Open In Mecca
Bingo Clubs a Hotbed of Illegal Drugs Activity
This Brooklyn couple is having the loudest sex in New York City, according to 311
Exercise 'not key to obesity fight' - BBC News
Student goes berserk after seeing old women strip naked
Exercise 'not key to obesity fight'
MRI Study Finds That Infants Experience Pain In The Same Way Adults Do
Brothel masquerading as hotel praised for 'good service' in four-star reviews on TripAdvisor
Attack on Paris church thwarted when extremist shoots himself
Mother loses appeal in turkey baster pregnancy case
After "Drone Dad" follows his daughter to school, DJI Phantom 2 grounded
Police Officer 'Bill of Rights' Blamed for Baltimore's Information Blackout in Case of Freddie Gray's Severed Spine
Transport for London chief: commuter trains into capital are 'shit'
'I'm a top Isis target': Berlusconi
Husband, Wife Wounded With Sword In Hookah Lounge Stabbing
'I'd go wherever they pay me to take them': NFL lineman A.J. Francis joins Uber
Russia and Argentina will use local currencies in trades
US woman jailed after McDonald's shooting over bacon-less burger
Djay for Apple Watch Lets You Mix Tracks on Your Wrist
Amazon tests delivery to trunks of Audi cars in Munich, Germany
Little Girl Beats Cancer, Gets Expelled From Catholic School FOR TOO MANY ABSENCES
'McPoets' Kicked Out of McDonald's After Cops Arrive: 'It's So Chicago'
Louisville woman allegedly threatens to blow up police property room
Dad Uses Drone to Follow His Daughter to School
China to crack down on strippers at rural funerals
Five Hundred Soldiers Fought Against One AK-47 Wielding Bride in Moldova
Residents worry that a proposed library will bring noise, traffic and troublemakers into their community.
Bystanders rescue woman from vicious attack at traffic light
Student's prom proposal bombs, results in suspension
City Parks' Favorite Weed Killer 'Probably' Causes Cancer, Pol Says
Delays On Motorway After Dog Was Spotted Driving Tractor
Russian TV Reporter Starts New Fire for Film Report About Devastating Wildfires
US woman Shaneka Monique Torres jailed after McDonald's shooting over burger without bacon
Ray-Ban Asks Rand Paul To Remove Its Shades From His Campaign Store
Northbridge Police Getting Flood Of Calls From Australia
An Audi Q5 just drove itself from San Francisco to New York City without a driver (X-post from futurology)
Dog Driving Tractor Creates Ruff Traffic Jam
90-year-old's dream to be on 'Tonight Show'
Tim Tebow conspiracy theorist enlightens Evan Mathis
Ray-Ban asks Rand Paul to stop selling 'Rand' Wayfarer sunglasses
Australian Islamic School bans women from running fearing it could cause the loss of their virginity.
Ore. Teacher of the Year reinstated, will be fired again
McPoets Kicked Out of McDonald's After Police Arrive
A man wants to raise $1.2 billion on Kickstarter... to buy Kickstarter
Mila Kunis denies stealing a chicken from a child
LETTER: Louisville bourbon blogger begs Gov. Steve Beshear to "Pardon my Pappy"
The British media rehearses the queen's death at least once a year
Internet Censorship in Thailand Gone Ugly, Blocked Page Redirect Users to Porn Site.
Scientists Have Figured Out How to Tell When Someone is an Online Troll.
KCK officers armed with power tools help out Grandma
And Here's The Entirety Of 'Alice In Wonderland' In Emoji
Veterans upset over pictures of youth atop war memorials
Saudi prince promises Bentleys to pilots bombing Yemen
Colorado man takes computer out back and shoots it
Groupon Australia recalls fake condoms that may contain holes
Counterfeit condoms with holes recalled by Groupon Australia
Families Ditch Cars for Cargo Bikes
Russian TV Reporter Starts Fire for Video Report About Devastating Wildfires
ISIS Officially Declares War on Nike
carafem. Abortion, Yeah we do that.
Sleeping Baggage Handler Says He Expected to Die After Waking Inside Cargo Hold
Did VA Officials Encourage Employees to Pay To Talk to Dead People?
Dog Causes Traffic Delays By Driving Tractor Onto Scottish Motorway
The Town of Tisdale wonders if it's time to change its 60-year slogan: The Land of Rape and Honey.
GM, Ford, And Others Want to Make Working on Your Own Car Illegal
China to crack down on performances by strippers at rural funerals
The pants that offer 'easy access' to your privates
PORN WEBSITE TROLLS PORTO AFTER HUMILIATING DEFEAT TO BAYERN MUNICH
Creflo Dollar on $65 million jet: 'You cannot stop me from dreaming"
China to crack down on strippers at funerals
Gays And Liberals Work With Radical Islamists Because They Hate America, Jesus
Video: Police Tase And Arrest Man Over His Big Beach Umbrella
The Golden Girls: How One TV Show Turned A Generation Of American Boys Into Homosexuals
Police Arrest Three After Finding Meth, Heroin And Squirrel
Sandra Bullock Is PEOPLE's 2015 World's Most Beautiful Woman!
1 of every 4 Spaniards thinks that the Sun orbits around the Earth (Spanish)
White people and men told 'please don't come' to student protest against inequality
UKIP: St George Was A 'Skilled Migrant'
Minnesota lawmakers put politics aside for 'hotdish' contest
With More Time on His Hands, Rajon Rondo Gives Connect Four Advice to Children
The Chinese government is cracking down on strippers who perform at funerals
TEEN WEARS FAKE BOMB TO ASK DATE TO PROM, GETS SUSPENDED
Heroin Use Levels Off in U.S., But Still High
Drunken 'pool noodle' fight turns bloody in North Vancouver
Chipotle Is Now Delivering, so You Literally Never Need to Leave Your Couch Anymore
Facing manslaughter charge, Oklahoma deputy plans Bahamas vacation
Woman calls judge an 'impotent geezer' in legendary court document
Montreal woman convicted of posting anti-police graffiti on Instagram
The homeless man who works in the Senate
Water slide event meant to bring drought awareness
Montreal woman found guilty of posting anti-police graffiti picture on Instagram.
Tyler Perry joins Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2 cast
Invisibility Cloak Makes Social Anxiety Disappear
WATCH: 'Wolfman' robs Spring Valley salon
Jennifer Pawluck found guilty of criminal harassment after posting anti-police graffiti on Instagram
Documentarian Louis Theroux "excited" and "nervous" that Scientology is making a documentary about him
'I am not a racist': Michigan man, his wife defend hanging nooses and Confederate flags outside their business
Child tested for STDs after blowing up used condom
Actor who played Jesus in 'The Bible' now plays the devil
65yo Woman with 13 Kids and 7 Grandchildren is Pregnant with Quadruplets.
'Trigger Warnings' Issued When Christina Hoff Sommers Talks About Feminism on a College Campus
A dozen Native American actors walked off the set of Adam Sandler's latest film due to offensive stereotypes.
New meaning of 'helicopter parenting': Dad uses drone to walk daughter to school
Judge Dismisses Involuntary Manslaughter Charge Against Cop, Says He Should've Been Charged With Murder Instead, Lets Him Go Free
Strip Club Workers Awarded $6.5M For Having To Pay Earned Tips To Owner
Company leaves Colorado because employees are all high.
China urges people to stop hiring strippers for funerals
Mila Kunis 'sued' for alleged chicken theft
Chinese Government Cracks Down On Funeral Strippers
Long lost brother and sister reunited after they Matched on Tindr... yes the dating app tindr
Anger after white people and men are banned from 'anti-racism' rally at British university by its own student union DIVERSITY OFFICER
Louis Theroux informed that 'Scientology is working on a documentary' about him
Baltimore police union presidents calls police protestors a 'lynch mob.'
A US woman has been sentenced up to seven years in prison after firing her gun at a McDonald's drive-through when her hamburger was delivered twice without bacon.
Surgeon Swears Human Head Transplant Isn't a 'Metal Gear Solid' Publicity Stunt
Franklin Graham Furious That Marvel's Iceman Is Gay
Creflo Dollar Says the 'Devil' Blocked His Dreams of a $65,000,000 Jet
Former MP Peter Dowling's wife forgives him for 'penis in wine glass' photo
The Chinese Government Is Asking Citizens to Stop Hiring Strippers for Funerals
Mila Kunis And Ashton Kutcher Mock Ukrainian Woman Who Claims She Stole Her Chicken
School bans girls from running on fears that it may lead to them "losing their virginity"
Parolee Who Shot 'Disrepecting' Friend Convicted of Murder
U.S. sends forces to train Ukraine National Guard, communists repressed
What an Oscar Meyer wiener: Truck driver cops to trading $50,000 in lunch meat for crack
15-year-old student submits a hoax Holocaust paper and receives and A
Argentine Samurai defended himself with a Katana sword to from three robbers who broke into his home.
.Suck domains, companies worry about sucking
Granby moves to fine people insulting police on social media
Teen wears fake bomb to woo prom date, gets suspended
New York banana mogul sentenced in fatal drug-fueled sex-romp
Dragon King in Taiwan claims to cure cancer by fondling women's breasts, makes US$10,000/mo.
Falling meteor may have changed the course of Christianity
Toddlers prepare for their first big interview
Robbery Suspect Uses Stolen Wheelchair to Flee Home Invasion
Invasion of the earthworms, mapped and analyzed
Just for the record: you are a hoe. This court is a hoe. And I will backhand you both, should you continue to waste my time
Jim Graham served four terms in the D.C. Council. Now, he promotes all-nude stripper nights.
FNR is new and sharp car with amazing,technical and powerful good look car,
Xiaomi Mi 4i launch: eyebrows raised over skin whitening feature
BBC bans men from audience of election debate featuring the Justice for Men and Boys party.
Punishment: Officer orders woman to sit in hot car after finding her dog locked inside
Frank Ocean legally changes his name to "Frank Ocean"
Frank Ocean legally changes name to "Frank Ocean"
Amazon Tests Package Delivery to Cars - Even When Owner is Not There
Native American Actors Walk Off Set of Adam Sandler Movie Over Racist Jokes
Robber in Florida steals ice cream from gas station...by pushing an entire cooler out the front door while the cashier slept
Mecca Opens First 'Halal' Sex Shop
Groom Flunks Simple Math Test; BRIDE WALKS OUT!
Firefighters rescue man who wedged inside wall to evade cops
Bra bandit strikes northeast Pennsylvania store _ again
Chinese Company Says It Never Planned a 'Thugs for Hire' App
Victoria farmer faces pornographic charges over raunchy hay bale structure
Earth Day co-founder killed girlfriend, composted her body
Student Suspended After Wearing Fake Bomb During Promposal
Group Plans Day to Take Kids to Park, Leave Them
Saudi prince offers free Bentley for every pilot who bombs Yemen
Native American actors reportedly walk off set of Adam Sandler movie
Man starts Kickstarter to buy Kickstarter
Gujarat: Woman kills husband over his dark complexion
Fake bomb prom-posal blows up in Wash. student's face
Very Angry Lady Successfully Files "Fuck This Court" Legal Brief
Televangelist Creflo Dollar Defends His Plans For $65 Million Private Jet: 'I Dare You To Tell Me I Can't Dream'
"Dragon King" Claims to Cure Cancer with Breast Fondling
The fifth death at a boat launch has caused these owners to do... nothing
Lindsay Lohan thinks she's writing 'you're beautiful' in Arabic but real translation is 'you're a donkey
How a maple syrup rebellion is growing in Quebec
Tulsa Walmart Closing Spawns Conspiracy Theories
Man 'Inadvertently' Trades $50,000 Worth of Lunch Meat for Crack Cocaine
Kanye West Publishes Rant Denying His Involvement With "The Illuminati"
Man who allegedly claimed marijuana was tea arrested on drug charges
This New App Wants to Be the iTunes of Smells
GOP HOPEFULS DIVIDED ON COTTON CLAIM THAT ATTACK ON IRAN WOULD BE OVER IN "SEVERAL DAYS"
Chinese officials crack down on funeral strippers
Court Recognizes Chimpanzees As Legal Persons
Hatton Garden jewellery heist: police appeal to partners of drill experts
Dad unknowingly impregnated daughter, who worries how to tell their son his grandfather is his father
Groupon recalls condoms sold which were found counterfeit
Sex club seeks Nashville blessing by vowing to be a church
South Dakota Offers Alternative to Dying on Mars
Thief steals large cooler of ice cream as store clerk sleeps
F1 aerodynamic tech set to improve UK supermarkets
Teen Wears Fake Bomb To Ask Girl On Prom Date
Police Allegedly Beat Up Defendant - And A Lawyer - Outside Of A Courtroom
Turkey Refuses to Recognize Death of Michael Jackson
Bachmann: 'Muslims Invented Global Warming' to Destroy U.S. Economy
Groupon Recalls Counterfeit Condoms
Woman kills husband over his dark complexion
Handguns for minors? Alabama bill would let those under 18 possess pistols with parental permission
Paid to watch porn, an Israeli dad insists it's no dream job
Google Maps hides an image of the Android robot urinating on Apple
Whites are barred from rally against racism
Mila Kunis Is Being Sued For Allegedly Stealing A Chicken
Wrinkle treatment uses babies' foreskin
Rebellious grape farmers ask Supreme Court to return their raisins
Android Robot Peeing On Apple's, Caught On Google Maps
A fraternity is under fire from a feminist student for planning an anti-sexual assault march on campus.
Obese inmate admits trying to smuggle drugs into jail amid his rolls of fat
Burglar Gets Cozy At Petaluma Home With Tater Tots And Naptime
Google Maps hides an image of the Android robot pissing on Apple
Cow 'Starts Eating Sheep' in Kenya
Drone Strikes Reveal Uncomfortable Truth: U.S. Is Often Unsure About Who Will Die
Scientologists are planning to do a documentary on Louis Theroux
Islamic school principal banned running so girls would not 'lose virginity'
These Are the Job Skills Employers Want but Can't Find || Bloomberg surveyed 1,320 job recruiters at more than 600 companies to find out which skills are most in demand-and which B-schools are meeting market needs.
Daughter stopped from carrying mobile, mother beats up school staff
High on bath salts, alleged Norse god attempts tree love
This Teenager Said It Was Racist Of His School To Suspend Him For His Suicide Bomber Promposal
Taco Cannon Coming To New UNO Arena
ACLU sues feds to force Catholic charities to provide abortions for illegal immigrants
No 'swooshing': ISIS reportedly bans Nike because it sounds like 'sex' in Arabic
Of all the things to "crack down" on...
China cracks down on striptease performances at funerals
Chicago isn't Detroit, but it can learn from Motor City's innovative rehab
Student suspended from school after pretending to be a fake bomb to ask a girl to prom
Bikini-clad grandmother charged in DUI crash
Nasa picks top team to hunt for aliens
Android logo found urinating on Apple logo in Google maps
Russian TV Reporter Covering Raging Wildfire Flicks Cigarette Butt on Ground, Starts Fire
Teen suspended after using fake bomb to ask girl to prom
Diepkloof Woman in Shock After Lover Forgets Penis in Bed
Royal baby: 'Superfans' camp out ahead of birth
Kenyan headed for South Korea accidentally traveled to North Korea
U.S. 287 book tosser ID'd, says he had 'no idea it was a mystery'
Loophole allows moped operators to drive drunk
Conservatives Blame California's Drought on Environmentalists and want the government to spend billions to solve it
Hartlepool fans should not 'black up' as Bob Marley - Kick It Out
Scientology Are Making A Documentary About Louis Theroux
Hillary Responds to 'Clinton Cash' By Asking for More Cash
Quarter of Spaniards think the Sun revolves around Earth, survey reveals
U.S. ranks happiest among heavily armed nations
Automakers to gearheads: Stop repairing cars
Texans blame secret military takeover for Walmart closings, secret tunnels
UKIP "Sausage Roll" candidate Kim Rose quotes Hitler
Florida Frat Accused of Spitting on Wounded Vets
'My show is not a medical show,' despite having 'Dr.' in the title: Dr. Oz
Want to shoot machine guns with the Navy SEAL who killed Osama bin Laden? That'll be $50,000, please.
Drug suspect foils Chesterfield authorities by putting GPS monitor on his cat
Conservative Republicans not only decisively reject the notion that the effects of global warming will happen in this lifetime -- a position in sharp contrast to all other political identities -- but another 40% say global warming will never happen.
NASA May Have Accidentally Created a Warp Field
Man sees bride for the first time, tries to commit suicide because she's 'ugly'
Stunned Motorists hit Brakes as buffalo herd bolts across thruway
Woman banned from McDonald's for shooting over bacon
PayPal has announced that it will assert copyright ownership over all intellectual property of anyone who uses its payment services.
Короче говоря: Я рэпер (вот это поворот) S1E15
Man sees bride for first time, tries to commit suicide because she's 'ugly'
Dr. Oz Responds to Critics: 'It's Not a Medical Show'
Man with stolen license plate says he's a collector
Google apologizes for the Android robot peeing on an Apple logo in Google Maps
China Cracks Down on Funeral Strippers
Psychiatrist: Man who shot Reagan wants to start a band
genius steals 100k, throws money at police
Polish-born Vikings lineman is chasing his American dream, which is tacos
APD: Man steals $100K, gives $7K to cops
NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman Says 'Katy Perry' Chants Aren't Sexist
Pilot says passenger's annoying cough made him forget to put landing gear down, resulting in crash landing
Google Maps Easter egg shows Android mascot urinating on Apple logo
Utah women may face murder charges after miscarriages
Chris Sale Allegedly Tried to Get into Royals' Clubhouse to Fight Yordano Ventura After Ejection
Tooth fairy isn't real, N.J. mom says teacher told class
Sex Offender Steals Utah School Bus
Woman hits the president's head with a Mango, receives brand new apartment.
Kenyan man ends up in Pyeongyang, North Korea instead of Pyeongchang, South Korea
Tagger Sought After Marking LAPD Horse at Venice Beach
Tallywackers, a "Pecstaurant" for Gay Men and Women Alike, Is Coming to Oak Lawn
Venezuelan President: New apartment for woman who plunked me with mango
Parents Share 5-Year-Old Son's Transgender Journey
Scientists to study the 'modern miracle' of Ozzy Osbourne's survival
Change: Obama Delivers Climate Change Speech To Empty Seats
Former Banana Importer Sentenced to 12 Years for Fatal Sex Party
Man fined for firing 8 bullets at his unresponsive Dell XPS 410 PC which kept showing BSOD screen
Burglar Makes Getaway On Wheel Chair Stolen From Senior
Spider-Man should be a Snapchatting EDM fan, according to terrible pitch
Politician Caught Googling "Historical Figure" After Being Asked to Name Admired Historical Figure
PETA says vegan diet could calm woman who shot at McDonald's after baconless burger
Devout Christian Horrified Over 'Satanic' 666 License Plate From DMV
Dr. Henry Kissinger fireside chat with Eric Schmidt
All buffalo shot and killed
Small herd of escaped buffalo shot after crossing highway, Hudson River
'Killing Jews' bus ad prompts New York transit agency to vote on policy change
Strippers at funerals a grave offence, say Chinese authorities
Penis paintings prompt pothole patch-up - starting in Ramsbottom
Man crashes truck from choking on hot dog and passing out.
Pregnant fast food worker robbed gunpoint then fired not repaying stolen cash.
'Big shaggy dog' spotted on Fogo Island turns out to be polar bear
San Diego Chargers Want To Shoot Lightning To Celebrate Touchdowns
Edmonton Journal - April 23, 2015. Neighbours Fear Library Will Disturb Peace
Popeyes Offers Job Back To Manager Who Was Fired After She Refused To Reimburse the Owner for Cash Stolen In Armed Robbery
Officer Orders Woman To Sit In Hot Car After Leaving Dog Inside
Columbia University Dining Hall Workers Say They're Not Allowed To Speak Spanish Around Students
Islamic State NHS-style hospital video posted
Vehicle Plows into Abbeville DMV
A Rikers Corrections Officer Was Fired After Missing Work Because Her Husband Shot Her in the Face
Android Pissing at Apple on Google Maps
Firing worker who called boss "nasty motherfucker" unlawful - National Labor Relations Board
Dueling Satanic groups feud over Tea Party politics
Korean firm scammed out of $375K for fake Pharrell show
ISIS say 'Just DON'T do it': Islamists ban Nike clothing because the sportswear firm's name sounds like the Arabic word for sexual intercourse
Justice Scalia Says Executing The Innocent Doesn't Violate The Constitution
Florida deputy fired for ignoring 911 call from dying woman so he could finish his pizza
Fan Throws Giant Octopus on Ice at Detroit Red Wings Playoff Game
Goldsmiths student diversity officer 'bans' white people and men from anti-racism protest meeting
China's funeral strippers told to cover up
Ashley Young: Pigeon did not poo in my mouth
Pa. high schoolers dress up for 'Anti-Gay Day'
'Evil Embryonic Twin' Found In Woman's Brain Complete With Teeth, Hair & Bone
A Most Indelible Ink: A Magazine Printed Using Blood
Meet the Goats of Amazon's New Goat Rental Service
Mission Protesters Fight for Housing By Fighting Against It
Polish government protests Mattel game that refers to 'Nazi Poland'
I'm a professional food writer and I love 7-Eleven's Buffalo Chicken Go-Go Taquitos
Americans' Support For Marijuana Legalization Reaches All-Time High
Swedish Town Being Moved To Avoid Falling Into the Earth
Samurai ghost? Mysterious boots appear in photo of girl near graveyard | 7online.com
Woman donates savings for house to anti-LGBT rally because gays are 'like Hitler's Nazi regime'
Mysterious 'ghost' boots appear in photo of girl near samurai graveyard
'Counterfeit' condoms sold through Groupon Australia recalled
Georgia university cancels classes in flap over flag protest
Update: Loose Bison in New York State May All Be Shot
Manchester United Star Ashley Young: Pigeon Did Not Poo in My Mouth (x-post /r/soccer)
Will.I.Am attends climate change talk in helicoper
Farmer's wife, 48, 'murdered her husband of 30 years then buried his body under a pile of manure'
Apparently every Starbucks in the U.S. is giving away free coffee as of right now because their computers are all down and can't charge you
Woman Who Opened Fire At McDonald's Over Bacon-Less Burger Sentenced
Homeless Man Survives NYC Streets With One Night Stands
Amazon will now let you rent a live goat
Sex Club Rebrands as Church to Thwart Nashville Zoning Laws
Write the Perfect Email to Anyone With This Creepy Site
Woman who hit Venezuelan president with mango rewarded with house
Former televangelist sics angry followers on local bakery to make a point about religious freedom
Worst children's toy ever? Mum's horror after she realises alphabet building blocks spell out rude word
Half of All U.S. Fracking Companies Could Disappear in 2015
Jealous student murdered his lover by stabbing her with a pen, after she refused to have sex with him.
Christians Threatened By ISIS In Lebanon Turn To Hezbollah For Help
Surprising Study Finds That Babies Feel Pain Like Adults
Pedophile stole school bus, attempted to pick up kids
Democrat introduces 'Restrain Steve King from Legislating Act'
Biệt thự vinhomes riverside thiết kế với không gian xanh lý tưởng
Argentina's president resorts to anti-Semitic conspiracy theories
GEORGE LUCAS STRIKES BACK AT RICH ASSHOLES
Shower goer says the scene died when he stopped going to shows.
Babies feel pain 'like adults'
Texas to Legalize Rape Since It Doesn't Lead to Pregnancy
Man pulls gun at softball game because granddaughter didn't play
Venezuela mango-thrower gets flat from president
Tater tots, comfy couch waylay San Francisco burglar
Labradoodle Mistaken for Lion, Prompts 911 Calls
Mom Calls 911 On Masturbating Teenage Son; Boy Arrested, Charged With New 'Self-Rape' Alabama State Law
Police: Pedophile stole school bus, attempted to pick up kids
ISIS 'posing as gay men' to set honeytrap, then stone their victims to death
30 arrested in massive Tulare County pot grow bust. Workers were very surprised they got busted.
Woman dislikes hubby's dark complexion, kills him.
Japanese man arrested for landing drone on PM's roof
Frank Miller Making A Third Dark Knight Comic Titled The Master Race
These Animals Might Go Extinct Because No One Wants To Eat Them
76 year old woman banned from KFC for breastfeeding 42 year old son
Expelled from KFC for breastfeeding her 42-year-old son
Middle eastern teen Wears Fake Bomb to Promposal, Gets Suspended
IS posts 'health service' video
Thief Steals Fridge Under Dozing Clerk's Nose
Here's Two Lakewood Residents Calling the Cops to Complain There are Black People Around
Did Nicola Sturgeon Hack The Hair From Her Sister's Barbie Doll?
Drinking milk from non-Indian cows 'could make children turn to crime'
Woman dislikes husband's dark complexion, kills him
Wild Buffalo Stampede in Albany, NY.
Republicans Won't Release Benghazi Report Until 2016, Claim Timing Has Nothing To Do With Election Read more at: http://www.forwardprogressives.com/republicans-wont-release-benghazi-report-2016-claim-timing-has-nothing-with-election/
Indiana welcomes slave theme park where you can pay to go through a fake "underground railroad experience" for both fun and educational purposes.
Desktop wallpaper prank earns Florida middle schooler felony charges
Brain Surgery Uncovers Woman's Evil Twin
This CEO Will Reverse Everything You Know About Being an Entrepreneur | Danjur Online Men's Magazine
LAPD Looking For Graffiti Artist Who Tagged A Cop's Horse
Scottish dog drives tractor into traffic, thinks he's people
Father Gets Tattoo of His Son Perseus On The Side Of His Face, Electrician Student Has No Regrets
Missing sisters survive 2 weeks in woods on Girl Scout Cookies, cheese puffs
Puppy mill Outlet 'Penned Up Pets' slated to lease former Kmart
The FBI convicted this man using hair analysis. It was a dog's hair.
BuzzFeed hires author of award-winning book on journalistic errors to head Canadian team
Tamara Jemuovic, Miss World Canada runner-up, sues over crown and Facebook fans
Bruce Jenner comes out ... as a Republican
Madison swingers club to open as church instead
Heated Debate Surrounds Push for Deep Fryers in Schools
Therapists report IKEA hurting relationships
Woman with tattooed face says she 'must claim benefits because no-one will employ her'
Crying baby taken off plane by armed police after cabin crew declared her a 'security threat'
'Giant tossed salad' closes I-77 near Jonesville
Church Burglary Foiled in Richland when Suspects Turn On The Church Bells
Church Burglary Foiled in Richland when Suspects Turn On The Church Bells Waking the Neighborhood
Apple: "We do not accept fart apps on the Apple Watch."
Newly Elected Mayor Locked Out Of City Hall In Struggling St. Louis County Town
Man on roof of sex shop throws chimney at police
"Sorry to hear you've DIED": Horrified father-of-two gets letter from the tax man telling him he's dead.
More than 200 residents in Brenham, TX hold prayer vigil for Blue Bell ice cream
With Blue Bell in crisis, Brenham keeps the faith
Johns Hopkins students reject Chick-fil-A proposal, call chain a 'microaggression'
Middle Eastern student who was suspended for fake bomb 'promposal' accuses his high school of racism
3 robberies in 30 minutes in West Park neighborhood leave 1 man naked and another shot
Mila Kunis sued for stealing chicken 25 years ago
Agoraphobic Woman Leaves Home, Falls into a Goddamn Open Manhole
Thug Rapes 69 Year Old Grandpa Who was out For a Stroll
Chile volcano eruption caused by aliens apparently
Azerbaijan's government is trying to patent breakfast
Mexican girl forcibly sent to US returns home
CNN: Bruce Jenner comes out ... as a Republican
More than a third of infants (< 1year old) are using smartphones or tablets
Airlines could be forced to employ French-speaking crew after passenger sued for being served 'wrong lemonade' on flight
Teen wears fake bomb vest to school to ask date to prom
Obama's Anti-Christian Military Purge: His Pentagons Orders Banned "The Name Of Jesus"! (VIDEOS)
Honky Discusses Racism At a Bass Pro Shop
Foreskin Facials: Would You Try One?
Hindu Nationalists Say Jersey Cow Milk Is Full of Demons
Missing Women Survive 2 Weeks Trapped in SUV Eating Girl Scout Cookies
Bay Area teen, missing for 4 days, was hiding under the bleachers at his high school and ate from fruit trees on campus
Big Mistake When Posing as an Officer: Pulling Up Behind the Real Thing
Ontario man granted permission to permanently drive his car in reverse
Cupertino: Missing teen hid at school, ate fruit from campus trees
Alabama: A new trend called "Rubbing" is turning deadly as men place their testicles on increasingly dangerous objects.
Attending Pink concert didn't harm girl
Hillary Furious as Thousands of Americans Send Cigars to Her Office
California burglar makes tater tots, falls asleep on couch: police
Married with Children AND Family Guy predicted Bruce Jenner becoming a woman!
Texans Say Prayers For Blue Bell After Recall
Frank Miller Returns To 'Dark Knight' With 'The Master Race'
William Shatner apparently thinks a Kickstarter-funded water pipeline will save California
An Android robot is peeing on an Apple logo in Google Maps
Looking for Medical Care? Islamic State Has Got You Covered
Prayer vigil for ice cream company was recently held
Police Seize $63,530 From Veteran Because He Kept It In Grocery Bags
GoFundMe Cancels Sweet Cakes By Melissa Fundraising Campaign, Bakers Blame 'Satan'
Michigan Women Missing For Weeks In The Wilderness Survived On GIrl Scout Cookies, Police Say
The world's first head transplant surgery is not a viral marketing stunt for a video game, doctor says
Ew! Gay Man Called 'Faggot' By McDonald's Employee Served Burger 'Seeping With Blood'
The world's first head transplant surgery is not a marketing stunt for a video game, doctor says
Psychiatrist: John Hinckley Jr., Man Who Shot Reagan, Wants to Start a Band
I'm so lucky to get gift cards by just few taps! Wanna be lucky too? Use my referral code: 7c4b553 to get 20 bonus coins.
Angelina Jolie slams UN paralysis on Syrian refugees. Syrian ambassador replies: 'She's beautiful'
Blue Bell supporters organize prayer vigil after temporary shutdown of facility
Priest who 'indulged in sexual role play where he made men pretend to be Judas Iscariot atoning for betraying Jesus during gay orgies' is fired in Italy
Texas Man Tries To Cash $360B Check
New Mexico school arms kids to take down active shooters.
Owner spots his stolen truck in rearview mirror; arrest made
Adam Sandler is awful, and it's all our fault
Some Italians Feel a 'Yes, But...' Nostalgia for Mussolini
Newly Elected Black Mayor Locked Out Of City Hall By Police
Paul Ryan: Poor kids should go hungry so they know they're loved
Australia's blue-eyed Isis doctor revealed to be a 'womanizer' and 'pretty normal guy'
Paul Ryan at CPAC: Free school lunches mean poor parents don't care about kids
Wisconsin police billboard features officer who shot two people in 10 days
Texas commissioner: Having deep fryers in public schools is 'not about French fries, it's about freedom'
Come for learn and save your future
'Putin's Hells Angels' upset Germany by retracing Red Army's route to Berlin
Rapper Lecrae Addresses Illuminati Rumors & Explains Why His VA Show Was Under Police Investigation [VIDEO]
Texas Commissioner Says Fighting for Fryers in Schools 'Isn't About French Fries, It's About Freedom'
The gunmen of Aden who keep saying sorry
Five Injured in Pattaya Island shooting over "Cat Poo" issues
Elderly lady drives through front door of a DMV Office
Michelle Obama Freezes When Asked A Question Every Married Woman Should Be Able To Answer
Texas Congressman Compares Obama to Hitler, Spells 'Adolf' Wrong
Teen missing for 4 days was hiding at school, eating fruit
Scientists prove vampire squirrels of Borneo have fluffiest tails in the world
8 Obama Jokes That Stood Out From The White House Correspondents Dinner
Judge: Attending Pink concert didn't harm New Jersey girl
URI officials say they didn't know guard donkey was pregnant
VOCM.com | Man Dubbed 'Party Pooper' Allegedly Steals Birthday Cards from Six Year Old Child
Young girl who battled cancer dismissed from school over attendance, academic performance
Police 'Coup' Prevents Newly-Elected St. Louis Area Mayor From Taking Office
US Representative Ed Royce (R, CA) is busy at work destroying the possibility of truth being spoken in the US
Watch Florida sheriff David Morgan edumacate about "black culture"
Republican Politician Denies Having a Secret Life as Menswear Blogger, Hilariously
Krispy Kreme For 'KKK Wednesday' Promotion in UK
Russia jails three women over twerking video at WW2 memorial
Proof of Peaceful Protest in Baltimore
Court rules that a man who gave sperm to friend who impregnated herself with a turkey baster has parental rights
UK election candidate wants corporal punishment back, criminalise homosexuality & adultery
Family removed from London-bound flight by armed police because daughter would not stop crying
Australian media shows concern about Nepalese earthquake
Crying toddler removed from London-bound flight and met by police after being deemed a 'security breach'
Ballantine man arrested for beating stepson who complained about flatulence
Male Hooters-Style Restaurant Tallywackers Will Serve Beefcake to Hungry Dallas Residents
Monty Python: 'We hate the Daily Mail slightly more than we hate each other'
Pink concert didn't harm N.J. girl, judge says
Stephen Hawking Has Finally Weighed In On Zayn Malik Leaving One Direction
Star Wars is 'unbelievably racist', claims hoaxer on BBC radio
Guy Made A Full-Sized Lego Car That Runs 100% On Air
burglar eats tater tots, falls asleep on the couch
Government Decides Not to Put a Moat Around the White House, Unfortunately
Cops Land Helicopter at Donut Shop.
Stephen Hawking says One Direction could be intact in the multiverse
Man killed outside funeral for homicide victim
Remember your loved one - by putting their ashes in a dildo
Firefighters scope out houses to save during evacuation drill in Colorado Springs
Design Academy Eindhoven students invite Milan to Eat Shit
Coast Guard helicopter hit with laser pointer in Port Angeles
Gravy-wrestling model suffers horrific facial injuries after being hit with monkey wrench when she interrupted a friend having sex
Stephen Hawking Posits a New Theory of Zayn Malik
Three Russians jailed for twerking
Stephen Hawking made an appearance at The Sydney Opera House via hologram, and had a great Star Trek exit
Police: JFK cleaner stole 1,429 mini booze bottles from airplanes
The woman who adopts dead babies
Michigan skydiving operation grounded during lawsuit
Oahu woman seeks help from police after piglet is held for ransom
'Don't silence the pipes': Fury as Boris Johnson BANS bagpipes from streets of London
Woman filming U.S. Marshal has cellphone grabbed, smashed in South Gate
SC loophole allows moped operators to drive drunk
Vermont Veteran Affairs officer charged with pulling gun on Maine drivers says she is falsely accused
Samsung Galaxy S6 Case
Boy, 8, Tested For STDs After Mistaking Used Condom For Balloon
Quacking duck ringtone helps firefighter rescue ducklings
How to generate mass hysteria regarding vaccines...
Very Rare and Adorable Pocket Shark Discovered
This guy makes £170,000 A YEAR pretending to be The Hangover's Zach Galifianakis
Gay Businessman Ian Reisner Apologizes For Hosting Ted Cruz Event
Stephen Hawking tells fans Zayn Malik could still be in a parallel One Direction
David Cameron claims forgetting which football team he supports was 'just one of those things'
David Cameron 'forgets' he is Aston Villa fan and tells audience to support West Ham
Marilyn Manson's new album was released on PlayStation 1 discs
Welcome to the future: Here's a dildo with an urn in it
MANURE TRADE SHOW'S SLOGAN CONTEST PRODUCES PILE OF ENTRIES
This Queenslander flew a Nazi flag on Anzac Day
Extramarital sex 'causes more earthquakes', Iranian cleric claims
Women In Russia Jailed For 'Twerking' At WWII Memorial
First confirmed sighting of a sky penis soaring majestically over the Northern Territory
Avengers 2: Superheroes at the service of the gay Satanism
Woman held in psychiatric ward after (correctly) saying Obama follows her on Twitter
The new Attorney General should probably freak Wall Street out way more than the old one
Funeral Strippers Are Focus of Crackdown in China
ELDERLY WOMAN DRIVES CAR INTO FRONT DOOR OF DMV OFFICE IN ABBEVILLE
Robbery saved 9 Greek climbers from Nepal quake
The world's most polluted bird was so toxic it was "flameproof"
Jay-Z says Tidal criticism is part of an organized 'smear campaign' by big companies
Hilarious Encounters Losing Our Hitchhiking Virginity
Kazakh leader apologizes for 97.7 percent re-election victory
Accused drug dealer and illegal immigrant puts tracking device on pet cat, flees Virginia authorities: reports
Gay Businessman Who Hosted Ted Cruz Event Apologizes
Mystery Artist Wanksy Paints Penises Around Potholes To Get Them Fixed (NSFW)
You Don't Need To Exercise To Fight Obesity, Says Scientific Research
Now coming to food trucks: high-end Spam
Three women jailed in Russia for twerking next to war monument
Man driving motorhome leads Alaska State Troopers on a chase
China rates its own citizens - including online behaviour
Kim Kardashian Brings Lunch to Bruce Jenner Following His Gender Transition Reveal
Russia Erecting Monument to 'Little Green Men' Who Took Over Crimea
Saudi Arabia's Religious Police Just Joined Twitter
Apple Bans Fart Apps From the Apple Watch
China cracking down on strippers at rural funerals
Starbucks selling $50 gift card for $200
LESBIAN COUPLE ACCUSES CHRISTIAN BAKERS OF 'MENTAL RAPE,' AWARDED $135,000
Gay businessman who hosted Ted Cruz: 'I made a terrible mistake' (x-post from /r/lgbt)
Eggs lifted from sitting hen
CNN Political Reporter leaving for Snapchat
Scientist Hawking tells upset fans Malik may be in parallel One Direction
The CIA Hosted A Secret TED Talk On Transparency
Woman who hit Venezuela leader with mango rewarded with new home
Woman Finds Two Way Mirror In Berwyn Bar Bathroom
Killing of Basques Now Banned in West Fjords (of Iceland)
A round of golf takes too long to play, survey finds
Forcing States to Recognize Gay Marriage Could Increase Number of Abortions
Study blames global warming for 75 percent of very hot days
California bans the more expensive, yet least physically capable of having a high capacity magazine, pistol ammo
Oddmakers give Kim Kardashian outside shot at presidency
One of eSports' biggest stars retires with repetitive strain injury
Legalizing Gay Marriage Will Increase Abortion Rates, Says D.C. Lawyer Gene Schaerr
Mystery artist highlights Bury potholes with penis drawings [NSFW]
Robert Downey Jr. has gone too far.
Vehicles With Keys Left Inside Easy Target for Thieves: NICB
Dallas could be getting its own Hooters-like 'himbo' restaurant called Tallywackers
50 Million Americans suffer from hunger, these 25 students are working to change those numbers through a new start-up
World badminton federation imposes backdated 8-month doping ban on former No. 1 Lee Chong Wei
Koch Industries drops criminal history question from job applications
Woman Sentenced For Shooting Fast-Food Restaurant Over Missing Bacon
Texans hold vigil for Bluebell Ice Cream after Recall
Apple poo poo fart apps on apple watch
Tortoise, 90, fitted with wheels following rat attack
Foreign criminal can stay in Britain because he is an alcoholic
Street Artist Draws Penises Around Potholes So They'll Get Fixed (Photos)
Woman gives birth in Wendy's parking lot, tells bystanders she didn't know she was pregnant
Texas A&M Galveston Professor Hits 'Breaking Point,' Fails Entire Class
Gay Businessman Who Hosted Ted Cruz: 'I made a terrible mistake'
Leaving your keys in your car makes it easier for thieves to steal it, unless that's what you're going for
Newsflash: leaving your keys in your car makes it easier for thieves to steal it, unless that's what you're going for
Lesbians Claim "Mental Rape" After Christian Family Wouldn't Bake Them Cake
Professor fails entire class, citing "bad behavior"
Islamic State Health Service? ISIS launch British-inspired NHS
'Dave Southern' on Baltimore and Murica / "Before anyone starts calling me a "Racist"...I have black friends"
Because love never dies: Put your loved one's ashes in a glass dildo.
According to Steven Hawking, 'There Could Be a Parallel Universe Where Zayn Is Still In One Direction'
Prison Escapee Turns Himself In 40 Years Later
High school pitcher strikes out 23 in perfect game -- and loses
Galveston professor fails entire class, quits course
Global Warming? The Pope is Wrong
The Future of Sex: It Gets Better
Bloods and Crips Team Up to Protest Baltimore's Cops
Jerusalem hosts gynecology conference - but no women allowed
Women Sentenced to Prison Time for Twerking Near Memorial
Middletown cops shut down traffic to rescue 'panic stricken' cat
Man 'with no penis' declares 'I've bedded over 100 women' as he prepares for life-changing surgery
Danish Conservatives campaign for elimination of 'Nazi Islamism'
Killing of Basques Now Banned in West Fjords
French Perfume Maker Plans to Bottle the Scent of Your Dead Loved Ones
Dildo-shaped urn lets loved ones fuck you from beyond the grave [NSFW]
Mystery artist '*anksy' draws penises around potholes to get them fixed
Mystery artist highlights Bury potholes with penis drawings
You Can Now Put Your Dead Loved-One's Ashes In A Special Dildo
Starbucks Is Selling a $50 Mother's Day Gift Card for $200
Georgia Aquarium employee fired for having sex with a walrus
Christian lawyer: Gay marriage will cause 900,000 abortions
Australian state discovers magistrates have taken wrong oath for 30 years
Russian Man Ready To Undergo The World's First Head Transplant
Pitcher throws perfect game with 23 strikeouts, still loses
Tasmanian magistrates not sworn in correctly for 30 years
Chernobyl fox makes five-decker sandwich
Burnt Easy Mac causes evacuation at Iowa Capitol
19th Cent. Feline Portraits, The Original Cat Memes, Are Apparently Worth A Ton Of Money
Register now for 'Wasting time on the Internet' 101
Texas A&M Professor Fails His Entire Class Because They Were Mean To Him
Christian Preacher Adds Insult to Injury with Nepal Tweet
Woman gives birth on toilet, didn't know she was pregnant, Thought it was stomach pain, baby born in toilet
Baltimore Mayor: 'Gave Those Who Wished to Destroy Space to Do That'
Transgender Dolphin emulator developer dead, age 23
Aquarium employee fired for sleeping with a walrus
Dad Gets Massive tattoo of baby on his face
Woman gives birth on toilet, didn't know she was pregnant
21 Grams is a sex toy that contains the ashes of a dead partner
'Comedy phallus' crusader gets potholes filled in
The Smashing Pumpkins' Billy Corgan Will Now Be In Charge Of Writing Impact Wrestling
Baltimore 'Bloods' and 'Crips' Call Truce to Fight Police Brutality
WOMAN WHO HIT VENEZUELA LEADER WITH MANGO TO GET NEW HOME
Daniel Craig turned down $5m Spectre deal because Sony phones aren't cool enough for James Bond
Comcast-Time Warner Cable Deal's Collapse Leaves Frustrated Customers Out in the Cold
A golden sex toy that contains your partner's ashes
China Unveils Plans to Build an 8,000-Mile High-Speed Underwater Railway Line to America
Feline Portraits, The Original Cat Memes, Are Apparently Worth A Ton Of Money
Here's how the NSA is trying to get kids interested in a career in spying on innocent Americans
Invasive ants found at protest site
The PancakeBot Will PRINT Your Pancakes For Breakfast, In Any Shape You Can Draw
Wimbledon: Selfie sticks banned from tennis championship
Stephen Hawking warns that humans may not survive another 1000 years on Earth; but yet headlines trend with his comment on One Direction
Your Tampons Glow in the Dark, and Scientists Are Thrilled About It
Jamaica just planted its first legal marijuana plant.
Teen Wears Fake Bomb to Promposal, Gets Suspended
Hundreds of Texans Attend Prayer Vigil for Blue Bell Ice Cream After Latest Recall
Monkey Drop Kicks A Guy Who Gave It The Finger
Louisiana Makes It Illegal To Use Cash For Secondhand Sales
Bumble Bee Charged in Case of Tuna Factory Worker Baked to Death
Girls, If Your Boyfriend Dies, Just Fill This Dildo With His Ashes
Mystery Artist Wanksy Paints Penises Around Potholes To Get Them Fixed
Aggravated Assault False Allegations Destroy GA Man's Life
Wayward bull gets frisky with cars near Hawthorne
After two-way mirror revealed in his bathroom, bar owner refuses to remove it. Stating "Do you know how much joy that mirror has brought us?"
Driver speeds past Graham school bus, nearly hits 3 kids
Street Artist Draws Penises Around Potholes So They'll Get Fixed
Street Artist Paints Penises Around Potholes So They Get Fixed Quick
Creepy Anti-Littering Campaign Uses DNA to Shame Litterbugs
Hero Graffiti Artist Gets Potholes Fixed by Drawing Dicks On Them
Anonymous Activist Gets Potholes Fixed By Drawing Giant Penises Around Them
Anti-abortion lawmaker in Oklahoma says if he were not a Christian, he would douse himself in gasoline and set himself on fire to protest raises for state judges
N. Korea threatens nuke attacks on US
Oklahoma lawmaker threatens to set himself on fire over abortion issue
Smashing Pumpkins' Billy Corgan joins TNA Wrestling
Starbucks Wants You To Buy Mom A $200 Gift Card Worth $50 Because It's Your Mom
'Israel First'-- for gay couple who hosted Ted Cruz, who opposed gay marriage
'Israel First'-- for gay couple who hosted Ted Cruz, who opposes gay marriage
The source looked bogus, but upon further investigation, the US seem to have a Police brutality problem.
What George W. Bush Learned from Vladimir Putin's Dog
Fla. man wearing 'I Do Dumb Things' T-shirt arrested
Apple now has $194 billion in cash
The Sun newspaper launches anonymous Tor-based WikiLeaks-style SecureDrop
2 men steal 80 pizzas, then get caught when trying to sell them to on duty police.... 75 pizzas recovered.
Gay marriage kills - and will directly lead to 900,000 more abortions, says US lawyer in post on Heritage Foundation
Chicago bar defends two-way mirror in women's bathroom stall
"75 of the pizzas have been recovered." Men try to sell stolen food to police
Women must give husbands sex 'even on camels', Islamic scholar says
Apple tightens up, restricts fart apps on Apple Watch
Mango-thrower gets presidential flat
This is not an onion
Woman fired for having sex with a Walrus
Bourdain Hangs Out With Questlove in Miami, is Perplexed by Chicken and Waffles
As Baltimore Burns, O'Malley Speaks Out, Hillary Tweets About Bumper Stickers
Australian Islamic State doctor: Tareq Kamleh a 'lazy doctor who flirted with patients'
Star Video Gamers Can Suffer Career-Ending Injuries, Too
Two men steal 80 pizzas, call up local police station and attempt to sell them to the officers.
Hardline Christian councillor vows to jail gay people, love cheats and ban rock music in election campaign
Couple face fine over Australian flag, swastika gets green light
New Jersey gets $137,000 settlement over aviation fuel in cars.
Bullets changes path in mid-air
Anti-Gay Baker's Fundraiser Shut Down Because Satan(Video)
Texas professor, fed up with students, tries to fail entire class.
Burned mac and cheese causes Capitol evacuation
Michael Jackson Impersonator Interrupts Baltimore Protest, Tells Police to 'Beat It'
Isis Fighters Shower Two Gay Men with Kindness before Brutally Stoning them to Death
A British Airways plane had to turn round because someone had the world's smelliest shit
Two Chinese thieves arrested after managing to steal a road
'Executive Stress Mumager' Nanny Prudence offers harried Hong Kong businessmen adult baby diaper therapy
Melbourne suburb wants to be declared an independent nation
Election candidate wants gay people jailed, adultery made illegal and rock bands outlawed
McDonald's New 'Artisan' Chicken Sandwich Officially Destroys That Word Forever
WATCH: Baltimore Rioter Slapped By Mom On News [VIDEO]
Panel can't say whether 'heart-eater' is dangerous
This couple has the loudest sex in NYC
A Russian mayor has apologised after a billboard celebrating the Soviet victory in World War Two appeared on the streets of his town - adorned with a picture of a Nazi air force crew
Nintendo to Celebrate Upcoming Launch of Splatoon by Making a Big Mess
Woman shocked after phone recycled at Rogers store sold on eBay
Homosexuality is just like rape says Cork pastor
SwiftKey's new keyboard corrects whole phrases
Bumble Bee Foods Employees Charged in Death of Worker Cooked With Tuna
Fox's Stacey Dash: No One Would Have Been Beheaded Under Bush
PROF FAILS ENTIRE CLASS IN FINAL 'F YOU'
Man who feared mind control found dead in SWAT shooting, sheriff says
Kensington and Chelsea council says house stripes must go
Moscow Victory Day Billboard Featuring Luftwaffe Pilots Taken Down
T. rex had a weird vegetarian relative, say scientists
Innocent man gets free burger for a year after spending 36 years in jail Read more at: http://www.oneindia.com/international/innocent-man-gets-free-burger-a-year-after-spending-36-years-in-jail-1730425.html
Man charged for driving without doors, windows, licence plates, insurance
German military to stop using gun 'that can't shoot straight when hot'
Man Dressed As Giant Testicles Runs The London Marathon For A Good Cause
Indian monkey takes revenge on teen for rude gesture
The riot act: Mom whoops son after catching him rioting
NRA Makes a Gun Cartoon for the Kids
Miss Piggy is recipient of prestigious New York museum award
White House admits: we didn't know who drone strike was aiming to kill
Rail chiefs clock up air miles
Bloods/Crips together call for calm in Baltimore.
Michael Jackson impersonator entertains during Baltimore riots
Woman called 'mom of the year' after beating a young man out of Baltimore riots
Orioles' Game Postponed Over Rioting in Baltimore
Iran Revolutionary Guard chief: Saudi Arabia following in footsteps of Israel
Dog poo to be DNA tested to catch culprits!
Two men arrested for 'stealing' road in China
Gangs call for calm in Baltimore
Dog mess DNA test to launch in Barking and Dagenham
Nicki Minaj performs at over-the-top bar mitzvah in NYC
Ray Lewis - 'Violence Is Not the Answer"
Texas A&M Galveston professor fails entire class, quits course
Nicki Minaj performs at millionaire's son's bar mitzvah
13 year old arrested for using permanent marker
Man shouting 'English only' interrupts kindergarten concert
Boy, 13, Busted For Illegal Marker Possession
Pippen Daughter Arrested For Hotel Urination
Woman dumps her fiancé for PUPPET after he becomes jealous of her bizarre £134k collection
How to ace a pre-school interview
Kenny Sang hóa Võ Mị Nương xuất hiện trên truyền hình Trung Quốc
Universe could be a Hologram
High school coach Accused of Making Players Spit on him
Filipina 'Mary Jane Fiesta' is on death row in Indonesia for attempting to smuggle drugs
Baltimore's violent protesters are right: Smashing police cars is a legitimate political strategy
Baltimore Police: Bloods and Crips Street Gangs Putting Rivalry Aside to Target Cops for Death
High school coach accused of forcing players to spit on him
Jobless models dress as beggars to protest Shanghai Auto Show ban
Milibrand: The Political Collaboration Nobody Expected
Mother who drank 24 cans of Red Bull a DAY
Burning police cars and destroying private property is a legitimate political strategy
Dutch designer creates dildo that can be filled with loved ones ashes to "revive an intimate night with a loved one..."
Google apologises for the Android robot urinating on the Apple logo
Do you have the right to beat down my door with the police, escort me away and force me to take care of you? That's ultimately what the right to free health care would be. You basically say you believe in slavery.
Bumble Bee Foods, Two Managers Charged in Death of Man Cooked With Tuna
Shirtless man refuses to come down from tree in downtown Los Angeles
Obama thanks Japan for karate, karaoke, anime, 'and, of course, emojis'
Designer dildo contains ashes of dead lover
White People Rioting for No Reason
Miss Piggy to receive prestigious Brooklyn Museum award at ceremony featuring Gloria Steinem
'It doesn't even smell': a ride on the Bristol bus powered by human poo
Experts Confirm That Ikea Will Put Your Relationship To The Ultimate Test
Man Who Tried to Smuggle Turtles in Underpants Wants Deal
Anonymous Graffiti Artist Wanksy Painks Dicks Around Potholes to Get Them Fixed
Daredevil to walk on moving, 400-foot-high Ferris wheel
Santa Monica Therapist Uses IKEA Assembly In Couples Therapy
None shall pass: Texas prof flunks entire class, then quits mid-semester
Anonymous Graffiti Artist Wanksy Paints Dicks Around Potholes to Get Them Fixed
Randy Boehning, voted against gay rights, outed via Grindr
Kim Kardashian turns activist to remember Armenian genocide
Fargo lawmaker outed after gay discrimination vote
Andrew W.K. gets his own show on Glenn Beck's radio network
Drones and Dogs Deployed in Battle to Save the Guacamole
Amazon rents out goats to help with lawn care
Police pull over van missing doors, windows and plates
Bumble Bee charged in death of worker cooked with tuna.
Bastrop critics on Army's Jade Helm training: Come and fake it
Donald Trump blames President Obama for Baltimore riots
Fargo lawmaker who voted against gay rights caught using Grindr
Charges laid after worker cooked in oven with 12,000 pounds of tuna
Adultery Platform Service Ashley Madison Is Going Public To Help The Economy
Another Anti-Gay Politician Outed as Gay - Bonus: His name sounds like 'Boning.'
George W. Bush Bashes Obama on Middle East
Stephen Hawking Says Zayn Malik Could Still Be In One Direction In A Parallel Universe
The best way to fix the pothole problem: a 'giant comedy phallus'
At least 1,000 doctors say Dr. Oz should resign
Miss Piggy among recipients of prestigious Brooklyn Museum award honoring women
Bumble Bee charged in gruesome worker oven death
Baltimore Mom Catches Her Son Rioting, Beats His A** In Front Of Everyone
Stop being left handed!
Groom slapped by ex-girlfriend in front of guests; bride weds his younger brother
Man cooked in oven with 12,000 pounds of tuna
Rand Paul Tries to Prove He's Not a Racist By Making Jokes About Baltimore Protests
Professor: Riots in Baltimore a Result of "White Privilege"
Semi Driver's sneeze causes rollover crash near portage
Ray Lewis speaks out against Riots
Apple now rejects Apple Watch apps that 'just' tell time
Orioles-White Sox game on Wednesday closed to public
Burnt mac and cheese forces evacuation of state capitol
Do plants have rights?
AT&T + AOL = $24,000 phone bill for one retiree
Apple doesn't want you making Watch apps that only tell the time
VHP leader links Nepal earthquakes to 'beef eating'
Chinese man attempts to board plane with pet turtle disguised as hamburger
New Kinloch mayor blocked by police from entering city hall
Pole Dancing Robots Draw Crowds to Major London Tech Startup Event
Bud Light campaign tells drunk people to remove 'No' from their vocabulary
Tuna company in hot water after worker is cooked alive in 6 tons of fish
Drones and dogs deployed in the battle to save Florida's guacamole
Baltimore Orioles to play before empty stadium on Wednesday Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2015/04/orioles-play-empty-stadium-white-sox-117426.html#ixzz3YdaBhdOg
Fargo lawmaker sent explicit photo, claims disclosure was payback for vote on gay rights bill
Karl Marx arrested after leaving University to sell drugs in Southern Rio, Brazil.
It's not rape if a Muslim forces sex with his wife on a camel according to Islamic scholars
Tumult At Oberlin In Wake Of Emotional Support Animal Companion Initiative
Male model turned maths lecturer says he's 'too good-looking' to be taken seriously
Texas governor orders state guard to monitor special forces maneuvers to stem citizen's fears of federal takeover
Tsarnaev's Attorney Urges Jury To Give Him Life In Fortress-Like Prison
Paranoia catches Abbott attention: gov orders Texas guard to monitor military exercises over fears of federal takeover
'People need to wear pants and not set off fireworks,' say police after six Red Mile arrests
Duck and her nine ducklings escape from Vancouver Police headquarters
Iran leads calls for Israel to give up nuclear weapons
Emergency Gideon Bibles Rushed to Nepal
PETA and Pamela Anderson Laud Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio for Making Prisoners Eat Meatless Meals
Man draws penises around potholes to antagonize government agencies into repairing them
Arpaio, Pamela Anderson and PETA Team Up to Make Jails Meat-Free
Put your dead loved ones ashes in a dildo.
Burnt macaroni and cheese forces evacuation at Iowa Capitol
Bud Light Is Sorry for Slogan That Critics Say Endorsed Rape
James Cameron has a script for a fifth 'avatar' film
Pub renamed 'The Cock & Seamen'
EXCLUSIVE: Rikers Island meatloaf that left 19 inmates sick did have rat poison, lab tests confirm
Skin texture glow distinguishes Mormons from others
Cleveland City Councilman Matt Zone blasts city for asking Twitter users if city should be 'burned down'
Apple BANS watch apps from Apple Watch - techno-absurdity in 2015
Nicki Minaj Just Raised The Bar For Bar Mitvazhs Everywhere
GoFundMe shuts down campaign for bakery targeted by gay marriage fascists
Tuna company, 2 employees charged in death of worker in oven
UKIP leader Nigel Farage claims 'worst form of racism in the UK is hatred of the English by people in Scotland'
Anti-Gay State Rep Outed By Guy He Was Trying To Pick Up On Grindr
Gang members: We did not make truce to harm cops
Chicken rentals becoming a more popular way to get fresh eggs
Nigel Farage: the English are biggest victims of racism because of Scots
Chicken Rentals Becoming Increasingly Popular as Way to Get Fresh Eggs
Tuna Company Charged Over Worker Cooked Alive With 6 Tons of Fish
Erotic book about Rob Gronkowski leads to a lawsuit to remember
Eau de Death: Perfumer Develops Scents Based on Dead Loved Ones
North Dakota Rep. Randy Boehning Outed as Gay After Voting Against Gay Rights
Orioles to Play Wednesday, but Game Will Be Closed to Fans
Would-be school shooting in Washington foiled by 'heroic' teacher
Woman forced to copyright breasts to fight revenge porn
Obama Thanks Japan For Giving Us Anime
Burnt Easy Mac forces Iowa Capitol evacuation
Governor Abbott Directs Texas State Guard To Monitor Operation Jade Helm 15
Tea Leoni: ♥ Mischievous child had fallen behind the sofa, all kinds of nonsense to ask for help! wigsratings April 28, 2015 Give ♥ a love-letter, let those you love or loved meet again! ＞＞＞＞＞ ♥ ♥ ♥ http://www.ladyidiy.com
Crips, Bloods Call Truce, Not to Harm Cops But to Protect their Community from Violence & Looting
Ranger uses stun gun on man operating drone over lava lake
A Sale Is Booming: Rare Stradivarius Drums Up For Auction
Islamic State Supporters Urge Baltimore Rioters to Join Extremist Cause
Kids locked up so mum can live with paedophile
Orioles game on Wednesday will have no fans
At least one American Airlines plane is grounded because the pilots' iPads crashed
Italy opens Museo Della Merda -- the museum of poop
Massive Bumble Bee Recall After 2 Employees Admit Cooking A Man And Mixing Him With A Batch Of Tuna
Bumble Bee worker cooked to death with tuna batch
Homeless Man Discovers Forgotten Bank Account
Someone painted dicks around potholes to shame the city into repairing them - and it worked (Scranton)
Florida Man Continues to Invoke 'Stand Your Ground' and President Bush to Dismiss Murder Case
Firefighter rescues ducklings by playing duck quack ringtone
Justice Scalia wants to stop talking about gay people. Says everybody forcing him to hear about gay rights is because they must all "hate him."
Someone painted dicks around potholes to shame the city into repairing them - and it worked - WEEKENDER
Wanksy: Phallus Graffiti Draws Attention to Dangerous Potholes
Cops Who Beat Teen Over Dog-Poop Remark Get 30 Days In Jail
Asians are the most evolved race [ smarter, most attractive, youthful, less smelly, less hairy ]
Bizarre AARP public service announcement contains subliminal message alluding to martial law
My edible classroom gives deprived New York kids a reason to attend school
Two Nantong thieves arrested after managing to steal a road
You can now get married in a Church of Bacon
Woman forced to copyright her own breasts to fight revenge porn
Bumblebee Tuna accidentally cooked a worker to death in an industrial pressure cooker.
So, You Don't Care About a Million Dead Iraqis, But Do Care About Broken Windows
Caller seeks police insights on making bath salts
Baltimore pol apologies for calling rioters 'thugs'
'People need to wear pants and not set off fireworks,' police say of arrests after Flames victory over Canucks
Manny Pacquiao 'ran away from home aged 12 because his dad ate his dog'
The app publisher Ketchapp suoposedly stole "Circle Pong!" from a young developer
Illuminati Artists Madonna, Beyonce, and Jay-Z Songs Track Satanism: Taylor Swift and Blue Ivy Now Part of the Group
Bumble Bee worker cooked alive with 12,000 pounds of canned tuna; two charged
Russia Seizes Ukrainian President Poroshenko's Candy Factory
Immigration Denies Entry To Man Invited To Australian Conference To Talk About Open Borders
Florida Woman Suspected of Shoplifting Caught Wearing 'Won't Be Caught' Shirt
Texas governor orders monitoring of U.S. military exercises in state
Republicans try to have it both ways on gay marriage
Proud To Be Asian! We Asians are the most evolved race!
Israel's nuclear whistleblower detained over 'long conversation' with foreigners
People are overly optimistic about the benefits of optimism
Twitter's Stock Tanks After Its Earnings Leak...on Twitter
Drug trafficking suspect escapes after placing GPS ankle monitor on cat
Leukemia Patient Attempts Self-Barbecue to Kill Cancer
Seaforth pub renamed The Cock and Seaman
ULD IT HAPPEN? Microsoft rumored to announce Android apps support for Windows 10 at Build 2015
Kendrick Lamar teams up with health food company for 'Beets Don't Kale My Vibe' salad
Watch This Fox Actually Make His Own Sandwich
Bumble Bee Foods Worker Jose Melena Cooked Alive With 12,000lbs Of Tuna
North Dakota legislator caught sending Grindr pics after voting against gay rights bill
Twitter Shares Tumble After Earnings Leak-On Twitter
Professor Who Sent Porn To Students Is Mad They Forwarded Her Porn
N.D. legislator caught sending Grindr pics after voting against gay rights bill
A French Muslim girl was kicked out of class because her skirt was too long
Ancient megadrought entombed dodos in poisonous fecal cocktail
Cycling helps oil industry leader break away from stress
Utica woman allegedly stabs hairstylist over bad hairdo
Art Group Charges $15 to Teach You to Rob Others at 'Pickpocket Party'
Brewers tasked with turning sewage into suds
Shoe study: The USPS discriminates against atheist packages
Police: Two charged with robbery for stealing marijuana from 15-year-old dealer
Texas governor asks state guard to monitor army training amid suspicions
Facebook Threatens Europe with Crappy Features if regulators don't back off
Man, 56, accused of removing women's teeth during sex because he liked 'gummy ladies'
'No' means 'up for whatever,' according to the latest Bud Light slogan
Hamburg subway door stonewalled (German article)
To fight revenge porn, I had to copyright my breasts
"Bring us your tired, your poor, your huddled masses of patents," Google tells the market
SRC president unapologetic about love for Hitler
French Muslim girl kicked out of class because her skirt is too long
This urn lets you put your loved one's ashes inside a dildo
NASA May Have Accidentally Discovered Faster-Than-Light Travel
CNN Analyst: Obama Used "Racist" Term Describing Baltimore Rioters as "Thugs"
Anti-Gay North Dakota Rep. Outed Via Dick Pic
US successfully tests self-steering bullets that can follow moving targets
Bud Light earns rep as 'date rape beer' after #UpForWhatever campaign turns sour
Couple Sues Amazon, Apple Over Erotic Ron Gronkowski E-Book A Gronking to Remember (x-post from r/nfl)
American Airlines planes grounded by iPad app error
Miss Piggy to receive feminist award, which should end all debate on the subject
Builder says wolf whistling is a compliment, and has brought him lots of snogs
Brewer Replaces Athletes' Missing Teeth With Implants That Double as Bottle Openers
Powerboat Racer Who Allegedly Faked His Death to Avoid Criminal Charges Faces More Charges
Man OK after being shot at 50 times in Detroit
Netherlands man makes dildo shaped urn to keep ashes of dead relatives and loved ones
Bernanke Joins Pimco; Second Consulting Job in Two Weeks
Woman kicked out of KFC for breastfeeding her 42 year old son
Iraqi Official Blames Media for Islamic State War Failures
World chess chief's bizarre plan to use 'pieces made of ice' to get game into Winter Olympics
Marriage sacred as per Indian society, concept of marital rape can't be applied here: Government
French school kicks Muslim girl out of class because her skirt's too long and provocative
Couple Sues After Their Engagement Photo Ends Up On Erotic Gronk Novel
Kendrick Lamar Teams Up With Sweetgreen For "Beets Don't Kale My Vibe" Salad
Children are being addicted to Marijuanas
Failed Guide Dog finds work just chilling
"SALMAN IS SAVIOUR" SAYS A FAMILY OF KASHMIR
Bud Light's new slogan removes "No" from your vocabulary.
Miss Piggy awarded feminism prize for 40 years of work by Brooklyn Museum
Meet the man using penises to fill potholes
Fifty Shades of Amish: A Strange Genre of the Romance Novel
Chess official: We'll use pieces made of ice to get into Winter Olympics
University Professor fails entire class for being rude
Will Noah's Ark be docking at the Shipyards?
Creflo Dollar: Demons Stole My Private Jet
You can put your loved one's ashes in a glass dildo and do dildo stuff with it.
Jersey City Cop Detains Man For Filming Traffic Stop Vertically Not Horizontally
Woman breaks into Martha's Vineyard home and has a yard sale.
Student asks school guard to hold loaded gun
Ponytailgate: Hands off our hair- a lesson for us all
N.D. legislator who voted against gay rights bill caught sending pics on Grindr
New Bud Light Tagline: 'Remove 'No' From Your Vocabulary for the Night'
Bud Light slogan says to remove 'no from your vocabulary;' company apologizes
Mystery vandal bricks up Hamburg train door .
Woman Arrested for Allegedly Squatting in Martha's Vineyard Home Held a Yard Sale
Fish escapes military punishment-- and thinks it's funny
Mexican boxing fans eager for fight but wish it had one of their own
8-year-old drives car with two young passengers on Twin Cities freeways
Man accused of pulling women's teeth out with pliers during sex 'because he liked gummy ladies'
More punishment for paratrooper who jumped with fish.
President Obama thanks Japan for Manga and Anime
Concerned mother calls police on saw-wielding man... who was just doing some landscaping
Wednesday's White Sox-Orioles Game Moved To Afternoon, Will Be Closed To Public
Prime Minister of Canada mails out blank birthday cards for people to fill out and mail back
Indian police feeding suspect bananas to recover stolen necklace
Ammo dealers want Aurora massacre victim's parents to pay their legal fees
Starbucks Offers $50 Mother's Day Gift Card For $200
Naked woman terrorizes strangers
After Baltimore riots, some leaders slam 'thug' as the new n-word
Paratrooper brings his fish on last jump - takes selfie
Glenn Beck to Give Party Guru Andrew WK Own Radio Show, 'America WK"
Verizon warns FiOS user over "excessive" use of unlimited data
A-Rod's next home run could cost the Yankees $12 million
Fox assembles double-decker sandwich in Chernobyl
Sharks are Eating the Internet in Vietnam
Unknown person built a brick wall in a train door in Hamburg/Germany
Hillary Clinton calls for overhaul of crime policies put in place under Bill Clinton - The Washington Post
Tobacco Lobbyists Attempt to School Pope Francis On Climate Change
Science Shows Humblebragging Doesn't Even Work
Pennsylvania McDonald's bans minors after teens attack owner
So much for the guard dogs! Burglars break into landscaper's yard - and make off with his two German Shepherds
'Mother of three' who didn't know she was pregnant delivers baby boy in a Wendy's parking lot
Man rapes 15-year-old in pickup, then asks her for gas money
Florida Man Attempts To Cash $368 Billion Check. (Xpost from r/floridaman)
Bumble Bee Foods Charged In Death Of Worker Cooked Alive With 12,000 Pounds Of Tuna
Wrist tattoos are breaking Apple Watch
Greek court convicts dead, unemployed father of 3
AT&T sends 83-year-old man $24,000 bill (for dial-up)
Denver-area school won't let child eat cookies in lunchbox
Colorado mom chastised by school for packing Oreo cookies in daughter's lunch
MTA Bans Political Ads After Judge OKs "Killing Jews" on Buses
Romanian anti-corruption chief arrested for corruption
DJ David Guetta recounts the challenges of playing Coachella without his pre-made playlist
David Rockefeller's Sixth Heart Transplant Successful at Age 99
Tattoos may stop Apple Watch from working
Lawmakers Trying To Pass Bill Exempting Politicians From Arrest And Prosecution For Corruption
3 held after moose stabbed to death in Alaska park
Edible Marijuana Candies Kill 9 in Colorado, 12 at Coachella
Police officer ticketed for parking in handicapped spot
Alone? Arm-shaped selfie stick lets you snap a shot with a fake pal
AT&T Bills 83 Year Old $24,298 for AOL Dial Up
Jared Leto Stays Vegan While Bulking Up for Joker Role
David Guetta describes DJing from USB sticks as 'doing it really old school'
TX Gov Orders State Guard to Monitor Possible Military Takeover of Texas
Iceland revokes order to 'kill Basques on sight'
Chris Davis tossed a ball into the stands even though there was no one there to catch it
iPad software glitch grounds 'dozens' of American Airlines planes
Chris Davis of the Baltimore Orioles threw a ball into the empty seats at Camden Yards
Ancient megadrought entombed dodos in poisonous fecal cocktail [xpost r/science]
No cheers for Baltimore Orioles during win
Now there's a wearable for tracking your farts
Zebra bites Muskogee man's nipple
After Pledging To 'Repeal Every Word Of Obamacare,' Ted Cruz Admits He's Signing Up For Obamacare
Ted Cruz: 'I don't think I've ever seen an Hispanic panhandler'
Girl shoots grizzly bear and then attends prom
Abbott Assigns Texas State Guard to Monitor U.S. Army's Jade Helm Operation
Vandals brick up door of German city train carriage
Texas GOP lawmaker: 'What is going on in Baltimore' is because of too many gay marriages
Houston Rockets social media manager fired for horse emoji tweet
Kenyan man forced to confront the goat he raped, in court before getting 10yrs in prison
Someone painted dicks around potholes to shame the city into repairing them - and it worked
Canadian PM Stephen Harper mails own birthday cards for people to sign and send back to him.
Stephen Harper mails own birthday cards for people to sign and send back to him
Billy Corgan Takes Job With TNA Wrestling | News
Cocaine Traces Found At Royal Baby Hospital
'Fifty Shades' Author EL James To Publish Writing Guide
UPDATE: Body of moose stabbed by 3 men donated to charity, police say
Brenham holds prayer vigil to support Blue Bell ice cream
101 Baltimore Protesters Go Free as Arrest Paperwork Backs Up
Windsor Library Aims to Prevent Live Sex Shows
Congressman links Baltimore crisis to same-sex marriage
Baltimore Uprising? It's LGBT Folks' Fault, Says Texas Congressman
Oklahoma lawmaker threatens to set himself
Italy's museum of faeces smells 'fresh as a daisy'
2 Men Steal 80 Pizzas, Try To Sell Them To Cops
A very Alaskan prom night: Girl shoots grizzly before dance, family says
President Obama thanks Japan for giving us manga and anime
Chinese Superthieves Manage To Steal A Road
After 10 Years in the Making, Bass Pro Shops Opens Its Pyramid-shaped Superstore
Davis launches baseball into empty stands - ESPN Video
Orioles catcher Caleb Joseph signs autographs for imaginary fans
Secret App Closing Because Anonymity Makes People Jerks
Baltimore Whole Foods criticized for feeding National Guard
Ted Cruz uses George W. Bush to accuse Barack Obama of being Jimmy Carter
Anti-gay GOP lawmaker admits to having Grindr profile
Kenyan man forced to face goat he raped in court, sentenced to 10 years in prison
16-year-old boy in Afghanistan allegedly gang-raped by Taliban before being sent on suicide bomb mission
New ISIL edict: Every man In Mosul must grow a beard, or else
Greek Court gives dead man 6 month suspended sentence
It's OK to impersonate a cop if you're 3 years old
Airbnb nightmare renters leave Calgary home trashed - Family finds condoms plugging toilets and chicken drumsticks in shoes
Chinese city builds Park Güell rip-off, turns it into a toilet
Greek court gives dead man six-month suspended jail sentence
Prisoner in van said Freddie Gray was 'trying to injure himself,' document says.
Chongqing builds Park Güell rip-off, turns it into a toilet
Apple 'test' iPad stolen from a Cupertino home: Report
Nepal quake: Missionaries send bibles as relief and not food and water
Texas Republicans denounce Pre-K as 'a Godless environment'
Kim Jong Un goes on killing spree
Menstrual Cycle Phase Does Not Predict Political Conservatism [new open-access science posted today to the peer-reviewed journal PLOS ONE]
Muslim cleric issues fatwa that wives MUST have sex with husbands on camels | Daily Mail Online
Mom Says She Was 'Lunch Shamed' by School for Packing Oreos for Daughter
Airbnb nightmare renters leave Calgary home trashed
Colombia: Journalist admits sending himself death threats
Former Bucs GM: We Spied On Justin Blackmon's Favorite Bar For A Week
Lumber Liquidators confirms possible criminal charges
Ted Cruz says Obama has fueled racial tensions
Woman arrested after stuffing stolen Winn Dixie meat in pants
Baltimore gangs unite in call for peace
Bumble Bee charged in death of man cooked to death in tuna oven
Starbucks' "ethical" water is bottled straight from California's drought
Starbucks Sells California's Scarce Water to "Help" People Without Water
Man surprised women by pulling out their teeth with pliers, court is told
Russian politician denounces Apple's U2 album gift as 'gay propaganda'
Woman sets gas station on fire when guy won't give her a cigarette
'Travellers have made our street safer': Petition started to keep caravans IN Bristol street
Placer County Man Punches Bear In Face To Save His Dog
Man who 'liked' his own Facebook wanted post is arrested
Man 'likes' his own Facebook wanted post gets arrested
Chinese scientists discover 'batman dinosaur'
Star of male-dominance bondage flick calls Hollywood sexist in interview with women's magazine.
Sexist science journal peer reviewer advises women to get men to help with their research
Roadside Fire Cooks Pork-Laden Semi Truck
Woman Says Doctor Left Sponge Inside Her After Surgery
Excluding whites and men from diversity event at British university elicits anger
Big Oil to Pope Francis: We Know What's Best for the World's Poor
Police apologise for ignoring naked gang's rampage in Cowdenbeath park
Alaska Pizza Thieves Pinched After Trying to Sell Frozen Pies to Cops
'Avengers' stars apologise for 'slut' insult against Scarlett Johansson's superhero character
Chris Evans, Jeremy Renner Apologize for Calling Black Widow a "Slut" in 'Avengers' Interview
Turkey's presidential palace coated in vinegar to protect against genies
Striptease Shows the Highlight of Rural Funerals
Couple sues Barnes & Noble and Amazon after their engagement photo was used on the cover of an erotic novel about Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski.
Instagram blocks the eggplant emoji because it's too offensive
FDA Approves Double-Chin Eliminator Injection, Kybella
Indian gold necklace 'thief' fed bananas
Monkey dropkicks young man after the guy appears to flash the middle finger at the wily primate
Apple Bans Time-Telling Apps From Apple Watch
Judge rips boyfriend for 'cocaine' gal's looks
Brewer replaces rugby players' missing teeth with bottle opener implants
'Men Allowed To Eat Wives In Saudi Arabia If Extremely Hungry' Says Legal Expert
myDMCC promises to donate to Red Crescent if you use #mydmcc on social media
Lego Store detains 11-year-old boy for shopping without an adult
Pregnant mom addicted to eating rocks.
Miss Piggy To Receive Feminist Award Because She's An All-Around Boss
Miss Piggy to Receive Feminist Award
Miss Piggy is going to receive a feminist award. For real
Miss Piggy To Receive Outstanding Women's Award From Brooklyn Museum
Miss Piggy, extraordinary puppet, to receive award for Feminism
Russian politician fears Apple's free U2 album will make you gay
A therapist has devised the scariest couples exercise ever: Assembling Ikea furniture
Guelph man stabs his brother in dispute sparked over a slice of pizza
Axl Rose critical of Indonesia after public appeal fails to stop executions.
Report: Gray tried to injure himself in Baltimore police van
Tom Cotton Challenges Iran's Foreign Minister to a Debate on The Constitution Via Twitter
Man shot himself in the foot to see what it felt like
Orioles Player Seen Signing Fake Autographs In An Empty Camden Yards
Wife Furious at Cheating Husband Breaks Windshield with her Hands.
Bumble Bee Swears Its Tuna Is Human-Free
Colorado heating and cooling company refuses service to 'colored people' in 'Mount Ghetto'
The Michael Jackson Impersonator Who Wants to Heal Baltimore
Bloods and Crips unite in Baltimore to 'stop killing one another and rebuild the community'
Wife Furious at Cheating Husband Breaks Windshield
Asians are the most evolved race
Robert Downey Jr. Just Wishes He Had Walked Out of That 'Weirdo' Interview Sooner
Cat chat: Can felines talk to humans? -BBC News
Turkey: Mayor replaces giant robot statue with T-Rex
Secaucus dinosaur park faces extinction
Sexism in science: Peer editor tells female researchers their study needs a male author
To Help Destigmatize HIV Victims, This Magazine Was Printed With Infected Blood
French Muslim girl kicked out of class because her skirt was too long
How Rand Paul learned to talk to black people.
Italy: Army unveils 'cut-price cannabis' farm
Texas Governor Abbott calls out the state guard to monitor US military training exercises to safeguard Texan's liberty.
House Passes Bill that Prohibits Expert Scientific Advice to the EPA House Passes Bill that Prohibits Expert Scientific Advice to the EPA
50 Shades Author to Publish a Writing Guide
Ohio man shoots himself while pulling up pants. This happened about a mile from my home.
Mattel ends SeaWorld-themed Barbie toys, orcas applaud
Ohio man shoots himself while pulling up pants inside Chick-Fil-A.
Plaintiff: Disney Promised To Help Me Build An X-Wing. Court: No It Didn't
Ohio man accidentally shot himself in Chick-fil-A while pulling up his pants.
Indian 'thief' expels gold necklace after 60 bananas
Flakka, synthetic drug behind increasingly bizarre crimes
Freddie Gray tried to hurt himself in police van, report says
Area teen accepted to all 8 Ivy League schools will not go to any of them
Teenager found not guilty of raping his mother after she said it was just a dream
School serves 6-year-old meat to TN students
Electronic Bidet Toilet Seat Is the Luxury You Won't Want to Live Without
Rich Parents Agree: $63 Million Is Too Much Inheritance
Naked Thor Drug! Turn into Thor instantly!
France to 15 year old girl: wear a shorter skirt or you can't get an education
Chinese delegate to elephant conference asks about buying trunk and penis
Google 'should be allowed in examinations' - BBC News
Google 'should be allowed in examinations'
Almost one third of London men are too fat to see their own genitals.
'Fifty Shades of Grey' author to share her passion for with new how-to guide
Freddie Gray's criminal behavior is a result of the lead-based paint used in his childhood home.
8-year-old tested for STDs after thinking used condom on school playground was balloon
Defendant: 'Right-to-farm' cancels marijuana-growing charge
Is it possible that Freddie Gray could have severed his own spine and crushed his own voicebox?
Freddie Gray's life a study in the sad effects of lead paint on poor blacks
Reporter breaks into weatherman's house
Jonathan Denis resigns as justice minister amid 'legal proceedings'
3D Printed Scarecrow Owls Are Successfully Ridding NYC of Those Godawful Pigeons
Princeton Ethicist: it's 'reasonable' to kill disabled newborn babies
YangYang: Humanoid robot that scarily resembles Sarah Palin is unveiled in China
Wal-Mart laid off 2,200 workers, then told them to avoid chocolate and alcohol
Bitcoin: Bankers on the Run!
One of ISIS's most devoted female agents has been exposed as a Seattle journalism student
French teen's skirt deemed too long for her to attend school
Due process for accused students would 'chill' assault reports, Texas Tech says
Jeb Bush would like to bring Pitbull to a baseball game, maybe
Alabama weighs eliminating all marriage licenses - gay or straight
Man poses as gynecologist
Greek Man Convicted Of Stealing Electricity Despite Being Dead
'Angry Jets fans' invade Chicago for NFL draft, and boo everything
Britney Spears Mobile Game Announced
HAZMAT evacuation leaves one woman hospitalized for "sun exposure"
Mayweather to post Suge Knight's $10 million bail if he wins fight.
Salisbury factory still smells like 'cat urine': Residents
Sony Just Confirmed That The 'Jump Street'/'Men In Black' Crossover Is Actually Happening
Killed By Chewing Gum? Inquest Into Teenager's Death To Begin Next Week Read more at http://www.inquisitr.com/2055538/killed-by-chewing-gum/#JWRmbBsvo7btVDa2.99
Man punches bear in the face to save dog
Woman Hospitalized After Springdale Medical Building Evacuated In HAZMAT Incident
Man punches 300 lb bear: 'I ain't lettin' no bear eat my puppies'
Teen Overcomes Walking Corpse Syndrome Thanks to Disney Movies
Woman wears "Won't Be Caught" T-shirt while robbing store
Couple Sues Amazon, Apple over Erotic Rob Gronkowski E-Book A Gronking to Remember
Found my dream job as "female engineer cheerleader"
Russell Crowe infuriated by fake quote in ClickHole
AT&T Fires President Over Racist Memes
Pit Bull Spreads Plague to Four People
Tampons could be toxic, but Congress doesn't care
Widow's Home Seized Over $6.30 Fee
Sarah Palin: Why do muslims hate Charlie Brown?
Baltimore Police called on their Bullshit
New drug called flakka blamed for increase in naked, paranoid people
Regina beaver uses crosswalk, stairs to reach Wascana Lake
Mike Tyson claims Floyd Mayweather is delusional
Trainer and His horses test positive for same drug.
Texas politician suggests Baltimore riots caused by same-sex marriages
Ian Rapoport willing to punch fan in the dick if Saints draft Bryce Petty
The Vegan Vodou High Priestess of New Orleans Isn't Interested in Animal Sacrifice
Pikachu, John Lennon and Mahatma Gandhi: Brazilian players with ridiculous names
Victim scares burglar with medieval hammer
Man pulls woman's teeth out with pliers while having sex in car because he likes 'gummy women'
Woman sentenced to two years in prison after spitting on officer.
Student Protests 'Sexual Objectification' of Her Body...By Getting Naked in Public for 45 Minutes
FBI slammed on Capitol Hill for 'stupid' ideas about encryption
Comcast brings fiber to city that it sued 7 years ago to stop fiber rollout
Russian Politician Decries Apple's Free U2 Album as 'Gay Propaganda'
Indonesian attorney general says this "execution was better, more orderly and more perfect than the last."
Man is forced to confront goat he raped and is sentenced to 10 years (x-post from /r/videos)
73-Year-Old California Man Punches Black Bear In The Face To Save His Dogs
Russia is launching a submarine like the sub in "Hunt for the Red October"
Investigation into death of diabetic boy who underwent Chinese 'slapping therapy'
Gov. Abbott Orders Texas Militia To Prep For Martial Law 'In Collusion With Wal-Mart'
How Facebook Gave Me a Massive Heart Attack
Sources: Investigators focus on ship's seagoing goat
Anti-Gay GOP Politician Comes Out After Being Caught Sending Explicit Photos On Grindr
Pioneer Press apologizes for calling President Obama an 'assclown'
Airbnb hosts return to find home trashed after 'drug-induced orgy'
French school ejects Muslim girl for wearing long skirt
New Zealand man accused of pulling woman's teeth out with pliers while having sex.
New Zealand man accused of pulling women's teeth out with pliers while having sex
Texas Gov. calls in State Guard in case U.S. military exercise is a secret government takeover
STOLEN: iPad Prototype, Prescription Drugs, $7500 Cash-Oh, Also a Man
Vangardist Magazine confronts HIV+ 'head-on' with blood-infused ink
Local senior says his great respect for OIB Chief is dwindling quickly[X-post from /r/canada/]
Train in Chicago Crash May Have Been Stolen
President Barack Obama Thanks Japan For Anime And Manga
Obama Says He Might Go Back to Community Organizing
Outrage after transgender prisoner 'stripped, beaten' and head shaved by police in Brazil
Is Your Partner Cheating On You? These 12 Signs Will Tell You The Truth.
Jameis Winston offered free crab legs for life by Tampa restaurant
Cleveland apologizes for tweets asking if city should 'burn like Baltimore'
Jameis Winston celebrates being the 1st overall pick with Crab Legs
15 Baltimore neighborhoods have lower life expectancies than North Korea
The Laborers Who Keep Dick Pics and Beheadings Out of Your Facebook Feed
Alibaba is Pulling Its Ad for Job Candidates With Pornstar Qualities
Watch: Chernobyl Fox Makes and Eats Six-Layer Sandwich
Taco Bell CEO: Biscuit Tacos and Cap'n Crunch Doughnuts Are 'Foodie Experiences'
Calls to return bronze duck to statue of Doncaster rail pioneer Sir Nigel Gresley
Starbucks' Ethos Water Comes From Drought-Ridden California
Italian man hangs up on the pope twice, thinking he was a prank caller
Israel blames Arab neighbors for stalling on nuke-free zone
Man hangs up on Pope twice thinking he is an imposter
Father-in-law defends Irish stag party for wearing Hitler masks, says they didn't know about WWII
Woman Can't Stop Smiling For Mugshot After Punching Cop In His Face
Strange Folk Festival's Future Is Uncertain as Founder, O'Fallon Clash on Ownership
Great-Grandfather Says He's Afraid To Use His Dial-Up After Receiving $24,000 AT&T Bill
Man cooked alive with 12,000 pounds of tuna
Jon Olsson tests his Audi RS6 DTM in the snow
South Korea: Students hold snoozing contest
Man punches dog in the face in Manchester city centre
Gofundme cites moral objections to shutdown a funding campaign to pay for bakers who refused to bake a cake based on moral objections.
Brandeis Microaggression protest accused of being Microaggressive
U.S. Confederate kin keep controversial flag aloft in Brazil
Blind man's throat slashed during robbery: Cops find suspect by victims discription
Father-of-the-bride defends stag party which donned Hitler masks in Prague: 'They're not cowboys. They're decent guys'
Man on trial for attacking lawyer attacks new lawyer in court
Indian women chase away defecators with sticks
Now there's wearable tech for tracking your farts
Man Resigned to Fate Worse Than Death: A Legal Ban on Using Vending Machines
A "7- or 8-Year-Old" Child Found Loaded Gun That Capitol Police Left in John Boehner's Bathroom
Beverage malfunction leads to 1-vehicle accident; 1 taken to hospital
Basques safe in Iceland as district repeals decree to kill them on sight
why westerners think they are superior by acting racist especially against african
Model Cassandra Bankson Discovers She Has 2 Vaginas
U.S. Diplomat John Bass Highlights Turk's 'Dumb Blonde' Taunt at State's Harf A U.S. diplomat altered his hair on Instagram in solidarity after State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf was taunted as a "dumb blonde" by a Turkish politician.
Tortoise gets prosthetic wheels after rat attack
Kim Jong Un snubs Russia to avoid 'freak show'
Tortoise gets prosthetic wheels after vicious rat attack in Australia
Man, 23, gets arrested after 'liking' his own wanted poster on Facebook
'Bubble girl' is allergic to life
Dumbest Letter Ever Signed By Famous Writers
Couple Arrested in Hookah Lounge Sword Attacks
Girl claims she was 'virtually raped' by GTA V modder.
Meet the N.J. man who keeps trying to sell things he doesn't own
Texas Governor Calls in National Guard on U.S. Military
Elon Musk's Grand Plan to Power the World With Batteries
FDA approves new drug to dissolve chin fat
sportApril 30, 2015 2:04pm EDTApril 30, 2015 2:04pm EDT Floyd Mayweather makes Manny Pacquiao get his cup checked by state officials
Business owner: 'I don't get why the troublemakers have to make trouble'
Watch Rival Gangs Work Together To Restore The Peace In Baltimore
Floyd Mayweather makes Manny Pacquiao get his cup checked by state officials
Retired Generals Say Kids Today Are Too Fat To Fight
Rival gangs unite for justice in Baltimore
California YouTube star details life with two vaginas
Man Likes His Own Wanted Poster on Facebook, Gets Arrested
Girl was "virtually raped" in GTA V
Man Arrested After "Liking" His Own Wanted Photo on Facebook
Man who recorded Freddie Gray's arrest taken into custody after complaining of police harassment
Anger as severed 'goat's leg' is left to rot on top of bus stop for months
Saguenay woman fined $148 for excessively loud rocking chair
This beetle's butt is basically a machine gun
Cork stag party wearing Hitler masks in Prague was 'national embarrassment'
Peer editor tells female researchers their study needs a male author
Israel blames Arab neighbors for lack of progress toward nuclear-free zone in Middle East
Here's What It's Like To Live With Two Vaginas
Man jailed for ripping out man's heart and eating it to 'prove he wasn't gay'
Fridges off for Pacquiao fight: Philippines utility
Wal-Mart tells furloughed employees to avoid caffeine, chocolate, alcohol
Town thinks it may be time to change 'Land of Rape and Honey' slogan
An actual election candidate in Northern Ireland has made a Star Wars themed campaign video.
Diabetic Child Dies After Parents Take Him to Alt-Med Practitioner Who Advocated "Slapping Therapy"
Man arrested after liking his own wanted photo on Crime Stoppers page
Woman texted "driving drunk woo" before fatal crash
Rugby Players Missing Teeth Receive Bottle Opener Tooth Implant
Nigerian man in Lafayette who portrayed himself as a "witch doctor" sentenced to 14 years for collecting hundreds of thousands of dollars from cocaine traffickers for supernatural protection from the Feds
North Carolina dog crashes couple's truck into pool
Chinese internet giant Alibaba was looking to hire a "stunning" woman to motivate programmers
Irate Congressman gives cops easy rule: "just follow the damn Constitution"
'Boom, I hit him good,' Man punches bear to save his Chihuahua
Child Protective Services Launch Investigation On Baltimore Mom Who Hit Son
Arab Men with Many Wives at Greater Risk of Dying from Heart Attack: Study
'Ninja' sister-wife sentenced for trying to abduct sex assault victim in sword fight
6-year-old lunch meat served to students in Hawkins County, TN
'Polygamous ninja' Raven Blackwing sentenced to prison after break-in, sword fight
Zookeeper helps monkey pass peanut by licking it's butt for an hour
Guelph man stabs his brother in dispute over slice of pizza
Magazine prints provocative cover with HIV+ blood-infused ink
Inmate Trusted to Transport Himself from One Prison to Another; It Does Not Work Out
Floyd Mayweather to post rapper Suge Knight's $10-million bail if he wins fight, lawyer says.
Tampa Bay officials asked Jameis Winston to remove his Instagram photo with crab legs.
A Bass Pro Shop in a Pyramid Is Surely a Sign That The World Is Ending
Malcom Brown: I'm the best Patriots have ever drafted
Satanists Crowd-Fund Campaign to Get Missouri Woman an Abortion
Hollywood: piracy sites must shut within 24 hours
Cleveland Teachers Union Fights For Right To Wear Jeans, Flip Flops, BEER T-SHIRTS
Gamer culture remains crude, rude and male-dominated, study finds
Lawsuits say Harvard, MIT webcasts leave out deaf Americans
Malaysian University sells kit to combat evil spirits for $2,500
Man sues Florida hospital after his leg found in the garbage
Ancient Drought Trapped Dodos and Giant Tortoises in Massive Toilet
Female Scientists Told to Get a Man to Help Them With Their Paper
Breaking Bad's Los Pollos Hermanos Could Soon Be a Real Restaurant
Rugby players get missing teeth replaced with bottle openers
MillerCoors Sued for Claiming Blue Moon Is a Craft Beer
Undercover Mounties pushed pressure-cooker bomb plan on accused terror couple, court hears
Hillary Expected to Adopt All of Sanders's Positions by Noon - The New Yorker
Filipinos Asked to Avoid Appliances Ahead of Pacquiao Fight
Ian Mulgrew: Undercover Mounties pushed pressure-cooker bomb plan on accused terror couple
California Man Punches 300 Pound Bear to Protect Chihuahua
Academic Journal Tells Female Scientists: Work With a Man If You Want to Get Published
Multiple Loaded Glocks Found in Capitol Hill Bathrooms; One Discovered by 8-Year-Old Tourist
Open bar tab costing Idaho man big
Man Stole Jewelry From Miami Beach Tourist, Was Angry Over Quality: Police
Couple files lawsuit after their engagement photo appears on an erotic novel, 'A Gronking to Remember'
Man sues Florida hospital after his leg is found in the dumpster.
Man Sues MillerCoors for Pretending Blue Moon Is a "Craft Beer"
Child found misplaced Capitol Police gun in Boehner's bathroom
Sonoma Valley High School water fight erupts in campus unrest
Skechers announces shoes that double as a video game.
Texas Governor, Fearing USA Gov Invasion, Orders State Guard To Monitor US Military Games In State
Military buddy dropped fake grenade in Humvee. Hilarity ensues.
The Federal Government Will Put You Up In This Haunted Ghost Town, If You Dare
Man in Pakistan kills his Uncle, Aunt and their 8 children after hes denied his cousins hand in marriage. He is also wanted for killing his own parents, brother and sister in law.
The mugshots of the 6 officers tell a complex tale of white supremacy.
Officer Who Drove Freddie Gray's Paddy Wagon is Black.
Waukesha man accused of using UPS to get marijuana from California
Quebec senior, 91, can relax again after $148 rocking chair fine cancelled
Police Find Stoner's "To-Do" List and Post it on Twitter
Florida police last week investigated whether a kiss exchanged by seven-year-old elementary students amounted to "lewd and lascivious" behavior
Australian police post stoner's 'to-do' list on Twitter
In 50-49 vote, US Senate says climate change not caused by humans
Apple: Yup. Tattoos can stop Apple Watches from working
Police find stoner's 'to do list' during search
Half-naked woman in hot pink duct tape attacks, hurts Seattle cops
NAU Sorority Girl Runs Into Man's Apartment, Strips Naked, Jumps on Bed and Somehow Gets Arrested
Obese Man Doesn't Understand Why He Can't Lose Weight Despite His Healthy, 10,000-Calorie Diet
Skechers Game Kicks let you play a Simon-like game on your sneakers
Brazil World Cup stadiums completed 10 months after event
Ninjas turning heads, causing confusion in Mound, MN
Chef pays court €500 for squirting sauces at Kerry chipper staff
Middle Eastern States Debate Whether to Intervene in Baltimore
Adam Sandler's 'Ridiculous Six': Makeup Pros Darkening Actors' Skin to Make Them Appear Native American, Says Source
Two Arctic ice researchers presumed drowned after unseasonably high temperatures
Woman steals bus, crashes it, and then swims to freedom.
May 2 Marks World Naked Gardening Day
6-year-old pork served for lunch at schools in East Tennessee
Mayweather to post Suge Knight's $10-million bail if he wins fight, lawyer says
Glass Bottom Boat Tours and Trips, Bottom Glass Boat
The NRA is going after Tim McGraw after he headlined a Sandy Hook Benefit Concert after McGraw's own filddle player's 7-year old was murdered in the Sandy Hook shooting. His pro-NRA opening act even quit.
Man with hammer gets stuck in basketball hoop
Ex-NASA Engineer Wants to Plant one Billion Trees a Year Using Drones
109-Year-Old Woman Says Secret To Long Life Is Avoiding Men
Leg tossed in trash at Doctors Hospital in Coral Gables stumps cops
Florida Man spots Reptilian Humanoid Alien inside car, takes photos
Florida man said he "had to kill" ex-girlfriend
Best Of Roatan Island Tour, Island Tours And Attractions
Rock Bridge junior stops robber with medieval axe
Tim McGraw criticized by gun rights advocates over Sandy Hook concert
David Cameron: "This is a real career-defining, ehh... country defining election!"
David Cameron: 'This is a career-defining (err) country-defining election'
Responsible Gun Owner Shoots, Kills Girlfriend's Baby While Cleaning Gun
Taste food off your phone with Maxis Screen Savour!
Man hangs up twice on Pope Francis, thinking call was a prank
BREAKING NEWS: Woman Gives Birth To Second Baby
Scientists have paper on gender bias rejected because they're both women
Google Maps hides image of Android robot urinating on Apple in surprisingly insolent Easter egg
Robot arrested for buying drugs after Swiss cops find out by reading the newspaper
County Kerry chef pays £370 for chip shop sauce squirt - BBC News
Warden quits after giving ticket to crashed taxi driver
Hitler's goddaughter fails in bid to win back Nazi loot
Hoes Abound On World Naked Gardening Day May 2
Missouri hunter recovering after being mistaken for turkey
Google's new version of Password Alert blocking bypass is bypassed
Austrian Baker in Hot Water Over Sept. 11 Cake
91-year-old woman gets $122 ticket for rocking chair noise
Donald Rumsfeld comments on the lawlessness in Baltimore
Political cartoon depicting black looters sparks backlash
Man arrested after liking his own wanted photo on a Crime Stoppers page
Montana Man Arrested After 'Liking' His Wanted Poster on Facebook
This crazy bridge in Japan looks more like a terrifying roller coaster
Feds: Burglar tips off police to identity thieves after breaking into their home
Man Punches Bear in the Face to Protect His Chihuahua
Austrian Road Looks Like an Optical Illusion, Is Actually Just Really Uneven
What's the best answer to perceived racism? Constantly talk about how a whole group of people are racist and they don't even know it (somehow itself not racist).
Spilled drink in Dublin pub led to 'riot' which required 20 Garda vehicles
To keep a Boeing Dreamliner flying, reboot once every 248 days
Magazine prints cover with ink that contains HIV-positive blood
MillerCoors Sued For Marketing Blue Moon As Craft Beer [x-post from /r/beer]
Meadow Vista Man Punches 300 Pound Bear to Protect Dog
J&K: Admit card issued for 'cow' to appear in professional entrance examination
Man grilling hot dogs inside Cleveland paper company started large fire
Northern California man punches bear to protect his pet Chihuahua
Men's beards are "riddled with poop particles"
Moments Before Fatal Crash, Florida Woman Allegedly Texted Boyfriend: "Driving Drunk Woo"
Australian Vaccination Skeptics Compare Forced Vaccination to Rape
Dads rally to change the name of "Amazon Mom"
Pet zebra looking for new home after biting off man's nipple
Condescending Wonka Meme Stirs Outrage Among Baltimore Protest Supporters
Campaign comparing vaccination to rape 'repulsive', health minister says
Filipinos urged to turn off appliances during Pacquiao fight
Kurdish Singer in Turkey Imprisoned and Sentenced for 10 Years for Singing in Kurdish
Aquarium Worker Fired For Having Sex With A Walrus
Filipinos Unplug Fridges To Avoid Blackout During Pacquiao Fight
Buffett Affirms Junk Food, Citing Lack of Smiles at Whole Foods
STD's Reported On Rise for Arizona's Aging Population
Aquarium Worker Fired For Sleeping With A Walrus
Calgary Airbnb renters return to find home decimated after "drug-induced orgy
Male Peer Peviewer Suggests Gender Bias Study Needs Male Authors
Egypt investigates rumors that a pornographic film was shot at the pyramids, again
Kirstie Alley Responds to 'Christie Ally' Bridge Scandal Confusion
STDs reported on rise for Arizona's aging population
Buffett fans splurge on ice cream, ketchup and bras
Manchester man draws penises around potholes so the city will fix them
Paul McCartney compares writing with Kanye West to working with John Lennon
Felony charges for 13-grams of pot
Indian bride walks out of wedding ceremony when groom fails maths test
Why is the union that represents supermarket workers stopping gay marriage
Cannabis Film Fest To Be Held On Nonexistent Day
McDonald's told Italians that burgers beat pizza. That didn't go over so well.
Kendall Jenner's Calvin Klein Billboard Repaired in New York City After Being Vandalized by a Hacked Drone
145 Intellectuals Agree: Dead Cartoonists Aren't Worthy of Free-Speech Award if Their Murderers Come From a Disadvantaged Minority
Cow issued admit card by authorities to write exam
Nepal quake: Airport customs holding up aid relief - UN
Mom Turns In Son Who Robbed Toddler Of iPad
Pastor's anti-cleavage message sparks 'Breasties Strong' backlash
The Sims Bug Abducts Men, Makes Them Pregnant
Sex offender steals school bus, tries to pick up kids
Santorum expresses support for Bruce Jenner
Edison Teams Up with Tesla...
An Indian Bride Called Off Her Wedding After The Husband-To-Be Failed To Solve A Simple Math Problem.
Cow issued admit card by JK authorities to write exam
F.E.C. Can't Curb 2016 Election Abuse, Commission Chief Says
Texas governor deploys national guard to stave off Obama takeover
Woman texted "driving drunk woo" just before fatal crash
Cops Investigate Woman's Screams, Reason Was Her Farting Boyfriend.
Aspen's Smuggler Mountain is full of dog poop and it stinks
College hockey arena to introduce groundbreaking 'Taco Cannon'
Suspected Domestic Violence Incident Was Really Just A Guy Farting.
Even cows can appear for diploma exams in Mufti Mohammad Sayeed led Jammu and Kashmir
Drunken teen steals street sweeper, crashes into tree
Young women are now earning more than men - that's not sexist, just fair
Freddie Gray's twin sister Fredricka Gray speaks after violent protests
Heat Ray Device, Rejected by Military, to be Tested on Los Angeles County Jail Prisoners
You could read the Bible twice in the time it takes to read Game of Thrones
McDonald's customers will be forced to prove they're sober
Rick Santorum: If Bruce Jenner 'Says He's A Woman, Then He's A Woman'
Kim Jong Un's N. Korea Prefers Mass Executions By Anti-Aircraft Cannons
Invited back to North Korea: The mystery is why
ISIS militants open first five-star hotel for fighters in Iraq
Missing Teen Was Actually Just Hiding At School Eating Fruit For Four Days
Mark Parisi, Man Selling Testicle For $35,000, Discusses Nutty Decision
نايل سات تردد سي آر تي CRT لنقل مباراة الزمالك والفتح الرباطي الاحد 3-5-2015 الكونفدرالية الافريقية كورة اون لاين وموعد ماتش الزمالك 3 مايو 2015 على النيل الرياضية
Rick Santorum on Bruce Jenner: 'If he says he's a woman, then he's a woman'
Cow gets admit card for professional course test in Jammu and Kashmir
Justin Bieber will lead Mayweather's entourage into championship bout with Pacquiao
Now found 19 year old white male LMU student went missing on a Friday, parents didn't hear from him within 24 hours so they organized a search party with police assistance
Gun Ban Upheld, Federal Appellate Court Uses "Feelings" to Justify It
Teenage boy tells men to carry tampons to help out their girlfriends in viral Instagram post
Missing Loyola Marymount Student Found Safe, Campus Officials Say
Residents angry over people doing yoga in Pacific Beach park
Bumble Bee worker cooked alive with 12,000 pounds of canned tuna
Miliband commissions 'election pledges' stone for No.10
Ryanair flight took off without any toilet paper
Indian man put on diet of bananas to expel stolen necklace
An Illegal Hotel Masseuse Hid A Stolen $35,000 Watch The Only Place She Could Think Of
How the Tesla Battery Will Benefit Marijuana Growers
Sex-crazed grouse terrorizes Swedish family
Australia's 'Extreme' Copyright Bill Could Ban Anti-Copyright Thoughts
Most Popular Cartoon Character From Each Country
Florida Man Sues Hospital After His Amputated Leg Was Found In Garbage With His Name Tag Still Attached
Police Seek Shoplifting Suspect Who Wore 'Won't Be Caught' Shirt
Billionaire: Buying Elections Is Charity
FBI replies to Stingray Freedom of Information request with 5,000 blank pages
Texas Governor Deploys State Guard To Stave Off Obama Takeover
American Pharoah delivers Derby win
An 18-Year-Old Baltimore Rioter Faces a Higher Bail Than the Cop Accused of Murdering Freddie Gray
Italians mock McDonalds' culturally insensitive anti-pizza advert
It's the new astrology trend thousands of women are devoted to...From dieting to dating, meet the women who let the MOON run their lives
New Bill Would Allow Oregon Drivers to Pump Their Own Gas
Corruption is Legal in America - Princeton study
Woman crashes stolen school bus into patrol car
Ted Cruz 'reached out to the Pentagon' about martial law conspiracy theory
Electricity official appeals to Filipinos to unplug unnecessary appliances to avoid mass blackouts during boxing match
New Jersey's actually the most ethical state.
Fight over stolen covers leads to two arrests in Lafayette.
Randy Boehning: Republican lawmaker who voted against gay rights is outed after posting nude pictures on Grindr
Tortoise, 90, gets wheels for legs after rat attack
Ed Miliband unveils stone carved with Labour pledges to be placed at Downing St if he wins
Georgia Mom Calls Police On 10-Year-Old Son For Being Disrespectful
Fake Interpreter at Mandela's Funeral,Standing next to world dignitaries, including President Obama,he was making gestures that no one understood
Mom Calls Police on 'Disrespectful' 10-Year-Old
garage builders louisville ky
Startup Called Piper Pied Imitates HBO's Silicon Valley And Creates Lossless Compression For Online Images.
5 CIEKAWOSTEK Z CS:GO #5- sekretny kamień, ciekawy spot, niewidoczna boo...
Piper Pied Imitates HBO's Silicon Valley And Creates Lossless Compression For Online Images
Egyptian journalists celebrate Press Freedom Day in detention
AGE OF ULTRON Flops On Opening Only 2nd Biggest Weekend Opening Ever.
Putin pledges state support for independent mass media
Crowd watches Mayweather - Pacquiao fight through someone's apartment window.
Texas Dept. of Public Safety: "Blue Bell Ice Cream Being Bootlegged"
Parents upset over high heels for infants
Malaysia: Islamic leader warns comedians not to make people laugh
World Record in Japan: Largest Orgy
Captain, and Goat, Removed From Navy Ship Based in San Diego
Woman to become NY firefighter despite failing crucial fitness test
Republican who changed mind on climate receives award for courage
Texas A&M trying to shut down real 'batcaves' on campus
How Big Bird escaped death on the space shuttle
Police fire tear gas during demo against racism, police brutality in Tel Aviv
Republican who changed his mind on climate receives JFK award for courage
Bride cancels wedding as groom fails to count currency notes
Cleveland's 2016 convention plan: Don't be Baltimore
My husband and I haven't had sex sine 2008, and we couldn't be happier.
Dorset knob-throwing event attracts thousands
Champion tosser: Knob throwing competition set to break records
Frank Olivo, Santa pelted with snow at '68 Eagles game, dies
CBS to manipulate the poor with briefcases full of cash on new reality show
Russian Women Jailed For Twerking Next To WWII Monument
Russian believe royal baby birth was 'fake' because 'Kate looked too beautiful'
No wife, no job, no mansion: Patrick Dempsey's life kind of a mess right now
Dog crashes car into pool
Councillor goes to bathroom, forgets to turn off microphone, bad noises happen
Will Floyd Mayweather Use His Winnings to Pay Suge Knight's Bail?
Hungry Pig Traps Woman in Car
Man likes his own wanted poster on Facebook, gets arrested soon after.
Woman creates 'thin' and 'fat' online dating profiles using size 10 and size 18 snaps... to find out if men REALLY prefer skinny girls
Obese Canadians should be granted legal protection from discrimination, professor says
Man Banned From Using Vending Machines
"Maple Syrup Rebels" are being prosecuted worse than drug dealers in Canada.
Middle-seat kid far from windows but closer to success
2 Shot Outside Mohammed Art Exhibit in Texas
What happened when an anti-Semite found he was Jewish?
Study Shows That Beards Contain More Poo Than Some Toilets
Some beards are so full of poo they are as dirty as toilets
Man who 'liked' his own most wanted post arrested
Shock new research reveals some beards contain more poo than a toilet
Officer: Shooting at Muhammad cartoon contest in Texas
Texans fear U.S. Army invasion! Can raid by high dolphins be far behind???
Model Jodie Kidd chosen to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear
Robbers after dough in Capalaba bakery hold-up
Two shot dead outside Muhammad Art Exhibit in Garland
Gunmen open fire outside 'Muhammad Art Exhibit' at Garland ISD facility, police say
Airbnb guests trash family home with 'drug-induced orgy' destroying furniture, leaving used condoms and causing up to $62,000 of damage
3 shot outside Prophet Muhammad cartoon contest in Texas
Two people shot at Muhammed Drawing Contest in Texas
Thị trường bất động sản sẽ sôi động mạnh trong năm 2015
Swallow This 'Password' Pill to Unlock Your Digital Devices
Gunmen shot dead outside Dallas conference on Prophet cartoons
2 gunmen killed outside Muhammad cartoon contest
Two shot dead after they open fire at Mohammed cartoon event in Texas
Longview man issues public punishment after 13-year-old son caught smoking marijuana (x-post from /r/videos, figure it belongs here too.)
British Opposition Leader has election promises carved into 8 foot tombstone and plans to put it in Prime Minister's residence garden if he wins the election.
Longview man issues public punishment after 13-year-old son caught smoking marijuana
Nastia Liukin : ♥ Refresh your vision, fight scenes can also be funny! Give ♥ a love-letter, let those you love or loved meet again! ＞＞＞＞＞ ♥ ♥ ♥ http://www.ladyidiy.com
Man injures himself playing Candy Crush
Alibaba removes ad seeking female with porn star qualities to motivate employees
non-fans of boxing disapointed with last nights boxing event
White Texas girls blame society for their racist rap about lynching black boys
Russians claim royal baby birth was 'a fake because Kate Middleton looked too beautiful'
Two gunmen shot dead at 'draw the prophet Muhammad' contest in Texas
We don't have time for mental health: teachers
Do men like fat women? I created two identical online dating profiles of me size 18 and size 10 to find out
What are the Lyrics to Louie Louie? The FBI figured it out, finally....
The FBI wants us to have computer security so strong that only they can break in...
Fans Pack Street to Watch Mayweather-Pacquiao Fight Through 3rd-Story Window
Rochester woman flying home ends up in Barbados, has no idea how she got there
Rajasthan, a State in India opened a cow urine refining facility
Fans are crowding outside neighbors' windows to watch Mayweather-Pacquiao
Redneck Dixon White Video is a Promotional Trick Created by a Would-be Actor and Director
Man fatally stabs brother over Mayweather-Pacquiao fight in Philadelphia
Curiosity Has a Rock Wedged In Its Wheel
4th-graders' red-tailed hawk bill stalls again
J.K. Rowling Tells Fans She's 'Really Sorry' for Killing Off a 'Harry Potter' Character
Former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina: 'I am running for president'
Former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina Announces Presidential Bid
How Super PACs Will Strengthen Democracy in 2016
One Guy Is Building An Adblocker For Sites That Post Kardashian Stories
Britney Spears debuts her latest single in Britney-branded Uber cars
Soldier charged with "satisfying his love of animals using military equipment" for building a kennel for a stray dog
Cow Gets Admit Card, Owner Wants It To Sit For Exam - NDTV.XPost /r/India
New York state police handcuff and shackle 'combative' five-year-old
Islamic Scholar says wives must give sex on demand "even when riding a camel".
The Great Victoria's Secret Bra Heist of Pennsylvania
Mayweather Expected to Post 'Suge' Knight's $10-Million Bail After Beating Pacquiao: Attorney
A Brooklyn man accused of kidnapping his 3-year-old grandson and taking him to a drug den went from bad grandpa to worse
Russians think royal baby birth was FAKE because Princess Kate looked too good
You Can Now Put Your Dead Lover's Ashes In A Dildo
Women must never deny their husband of sex even when "on a camel" according to Islamic scholar.
DEA Agent: If You Legalize Pot, Rabbits Will Get High
Montana man arrested after 'liking' his most wanted poster on Facebook
Councilman goes to bathroom, forgets to take off his microphone
My Mom Told Me She Regrets Having Children
New database of High Courts unearths a 57-year-old case
Cocaine found in man's groin at MIA leads to arrest, discovery of drug ring
Ted Cruz: I Understand Why People Fear A Possible Military Takeover Of Texas
An Uphill Campaign In Norway To Promote LSD As A Human Right
Politician's Facebook post attracts attention
N.J. man punches 2 guards releasing him from jail, not released from jail, police say
Joe Wexler Diet: 777-Pound Man 'Baffled' By Weight Gain, Says He Eats A Healthy Diet
Shooting at Mohammed cartoon drawing contest in Texas
Texas Councilman Forgets To Turn Off Microphone While Using Bathroom
Thanks to the police force, Kiev's sex trade is booming
Road rage leads to fight involving sword and homemade flail in Austin
City employee fired after watching porn on the job for 39 hours over two weeks
Watch out Kylie Minogue: Kylie Jenner (17) reportedly trying to trademark her first name
Woman to become N.Y. firefighter despite failing crucial fitness test
Russian Official Severely Beaten After Reporting Electoral Fraud
Kenyan Student intentionally infects 324 men with HIV and vows not to stop until she reaches 2000.
J-K: Owner determined to take cow for professional entrance examination
Government drug adviser David Nutt sacked
Boston Bomber's Russian Relatives Tell Jury he Cried During 'The Lion King'
Two gunmen killed at Texas Prophet Muhammad cartoon contest
Man sues Miller-Coors over labeling of Blue Moon as craft beer
Indian Minister Nitin Gadkari Says He Waters Plants At His Bungalow With His Own Urine
A peeved beer drinker is suing Blue Moon for claiming it's a craft beer
50 Shades of Subterfuge: Rape charges as 'male model' offering sex in dark turns out to be balding 68-year-old
Craft Brewer Sues Miller-Coors Over Blue Moon Labeling
University of Michigan Student Kicked off ResStaff for Asking About an Acronym, Laughing at a Joke
Bodybuilder tries so hard to become the Hulk that he turns his muscles to rock
NASA 'Warp Drive' One Step Closer
Pacquiao was homeless at the age of 12 when he ran away from home after his dad ate his dog
Man armed with a knife in a tree in Northcote
School kids feel nauseated after eating smelly 6-year-old pork.
Man arrested in wife's murder days after delivering plagiarized eulogy
New York lawmaker's son's complaints about wiretapping caught on wiretap
Satanists Claim Abortion Waiting Periods Violate Their Religious Beliefs
Aldi cocaine banana haul a 'logistical error'
Canadian Professional Basketball Team Forfeits game 7 of the League Championship.
Two shot and killed at 'Muhammad Art, Cartoon Contest' in Texas
Halifax refused to play NBL Canada final Game 7.
Shirtless man gets stuck in Capitol Hill basketball hoop
Yorkshire police search for man who left severed ear on street after fight
Windsor Express win NBL Canada title after Halifax Rainmen forfeit
Lebron James Continues Habit of Reading During Playoffs with 'Divergent' Series
City council meeting interrupted as mayor uses bathroom with his microphone still ON
Teen Arrested for Paying Taxes in $1 Bills
Delivery driver stabbed, carjacked, still drops off pizzas (x-post /r/wtf)
Thinking it's a joke, man hangs up on pope
Burger King Mascot in Mayweather's Entourage Reportedly Cost Company $1 Million
Bill Proposes Sentencing Women To Five Years In Prison If They Wear Yoga Pants In Public Three Times
Ben Carson Explains How Gay Marriage Is A Plot To Bring About The New World Order
Woman seeking man she kissed at marathon hears from his wife
Woman seeking man she kissed at Boston Marathon hears from his wife
ISIS opens a five star hotel.
Half-Naked Man Dunks Himself
Boy breaks piggy bank to help Nepal
A bad case of road rage leads to sword fight
Man Fatally Stabs Brother Over Mayweather-Pacquiao Fight: Cousin
Severed ear in Huddersfield street sparks police search
Madison law bans religious discrimination ... against atheists
Editor of WIRED writes an article on the empowerment of revealing your salary but refuses to reveal her own.
Baltimore police deny report they shot man, Fox News apologizes
Nightmare school district serves students old-ass meat
Texas Senate testimony: It's a 'hate crime' to make people not discriminate against gays
Businessmen attack political party's 'amateur' policies
U.S. Government Expected to Borrow $59 Billion in the April-June Quarter, $66 Billion Higher Than Previously Projected in February
Man on meth breaks into family's apartment, steals doughnuts, marshmallows
U of Michigan Student Called Racist, Removed from Staff for Asking what Acronym Meant
Gospel choir sings Eminem at Ben Carson's presidential kickoff
Man nearly loses arms after muscles turn to rock due to toxic injections
Man arrested for wife's murder after plagiarizing eulogy
Russell Brand changes mind about voting and urges support for Labour
More than €15m of cocaine found in bananas sent to Berlin supermarkets
No need for men to get flush-faced about faeces in beards
Man forced to eat his own beard
Witnesses say no joke, car drives itself into Springfield Papa Johns
China's Latest Target: Funeral Strippers
68-year-old Frenchman faces rape charges after posing as male model on dating site
US doctoral student films his own brain surgery
Delivery driver stabbed, carjacked, still drops off pizzas
PayPal Intends to Take Your Content, With New Terms of Service
68-year-old Frenchman is facing rape charges after fooling two women into having sex in the dark, thinking they were with a 37-year-old male model
Urban Meyer recruiting 3-month old to play at OSU (x-post /r/CFB)
Jaden Smith deletes his Twitter
Teen caught smuggling drugs into police station
Pentagon claims it won't be taking over Texas
House panel holds hearing on 'politically driven science'-sans scientists
Artists create imaginary-friend Selfie Arm for lone travelers
'Texas Ranger' Chuck Norris warns of government plot to take over state
An Uphill Campaign in Norway to Promote LSD as a Human Right - NYTimes.com
Sex Pistols Were Financed by USSR to 'Destabilize Western World', Admits Ex-KGB Agent
Florida Man Attempts to Cash $368 Billion Check
Texas Republican Wants Women to Carry Deceased Fetuses to Full Term
Man stuck in basketball hoop in Seattle needs rescue by police, fire personnel
Witnesses say no joke, car drives itself into Springfield Papa John's
Pushing LSD in Nanny-State Norway, as a Human Right
Brave Texas Governor Deploys State Guard To Stave Off Obama Takeover
Second cocaine delivery in Berlin Aldi banana boxes a 'logistical mistake'
Police Start to Reconsider Longstanding Rules on Using Force
Real-life 'Hulk' almost lost his arms after injecting oil into muscles
Parkes telescope scientists discover strange signals thought to be from space, being sent by kitchen microwave
Angry Beer Drinker Sues MillerCoors For Marketing Blue Moon As Craft Beer
Does Europe hate Google or hate America?
Entire town gets high from marijuana fumes after Indonesian police burn three-ton pile of confiscated drugs
SC College Student Allegedly Caught on Camera Poisoning Roommates' Food
Man accused of yanking women's teeth out with pliers during sex because he liked 'gummy ladies'
Reading to your kids at bedtime disadvantages other children.
Conspiracy theory prompts special session in Idaho
Seattle Police Say No Charges For Man Stuck In Basketball Hoop
Bedtime could disadvantage other children, academic says
Ice-Cream Truck Plays Schoenberg on College Campus
McDonald's CEO promises modern progressive burger company
Parkes telescope scientists discover strange 'space signals' actually came from kitchen microwave
Is having a loving family an unfair advantage?
18 women suspect that babies they were told died are alive
This entire magazine is printed using HIV-positive blood
Duck Dynasty somehow fails to catch on with musical theater fans
Woman searches for, sues 'Inconsiderate Battery Guy' after injury
Darwin man risks testicle in jaws of saltwater crocodile
Big Bird Actor: I Almost Died on the Challenger and I Cry in the Suit
15 years in prision possible for couple found guilty of having sex on Florida beach
Wal-Mart: 'No Truth To The Rumors' Of Tunnels Being Built To Take Over Texas
Man paid only $75 for winning $75,000 lottery ticket turns out to be undercover inspector
Video: Ice-Cream Truck Plays Schoenberg on College Campus
15 years in prison possible for couple found guilty of having sex on Florida beach
Colorblind Ideology Is a Form of Racism
Seattle police: No charges for man stuck in basketball hoop
Suspected criminal arrested after "liking" his own wanted photo
Couple found guilty of having sex on Florida beach
Meet The Woman With Two Vaginas
Failed Christian shoe promoter makes anti-gay first-person shooter
Do You Own This Ear? British Police Looking For Owner Of Appendage Bitten Off During Bar Fight
Brooke Landeck the 8-Year-Old Labradoodle: Eats Hard Food Mixed with Soft
How 4 teens became murderers without killing anyone
남편 허락 남편친구랑 2
Scott Walker Compares Himself To Princess Leia
$21m cocaine stash found in Aldi bananas
Montana man "likes" his own wanted poster...yup, gets arrested
Iran bans 'devil worshipping' haircuts
Progressive College Students Concerned About Gender Equality Have Made a New Enemy - Urinals
Cocaine Shipments Accidentally Arrive In Berlin Supermarkets, Again
Stabbed driver manages to deliver pizza
Man cut out his own appendix, on an arctic expedition.
D.A.R.E. gets duped by anti-pot satire
Microwave oven to blame for mystery signal that left astronomers stumped
Taser falls into wrong hands when cop leaves it on hood of squad car
U.S.: Saudis Can Use Cluster Bombs in Yemen, But Only if They're Extra Careful
Activist disappointed by stance on killer robots.
Pentagon: No Texas takeover plot
Manheim Township police looking for lost Taser gun
California store searches for $75,000 lottery winner who was given only $75 by mistake
1000-Year-Old Village Told To Stop Using Name Because Of Trademark Claim From Hotel Chain Founded There
Ukrainians Try to Solve the Mystery of the Golden Loaf
Urns Containing Human Ashes End Up On Thrift Store Shelf With $3.99 Price Tag
Kid tries to get himself arrested by North Korea
Aşk Yeniden 13.Bölüm izle
Duluth priest says Pope Francis signed baseball for him
Only Allah knows about oil prices: Saudi oil chief
Group with Plymouth hotel wrote to Sussex village to order them to stop using their name
CNN: U.S. student held in North Korea tells CNN: 'I wanted to be arrested'
Choices of what to 'like' on a village's official Facebook page has led to a council wide spat
Urine not detergent behind Varthur lake foam
Iran bans 'evil spiky hair' because of links to the devil
Man Robs Subway Then Crosses Street to Buy Sandwich at Potbelly, Police Say
Modern Day Slave Auction - Private Prison Auctioneers sell people.
Man Accused of Attacking Employees to Get Free Pizza
Reading to children at bedtime: ABC questions value of time-honoured practice
Chlamydia Outbreak Reported In Texas High School With No Sex Ed Curriculum
NC police officer burned by free coffee sues Starbucks
Aldi Staff Find $21 Million Worth Of Cocaine In Crates Of Bananas From Colombia
Walmart, Pentagon try to knock down conspiracy theory
Pigs can fly: Chinese May Day celebration criticised for pushing pigs off bridge
Bearded Men Have Poop on Their Faces
Gwyneth Paltrow Gets Vagina Steam at Spa, Preaches Its Virtues on Goop
Selfie-taking tourists break Hercules statue in Italy
U.S. Rep. Langevin Introduces Resolution to Acknowledge Importance of Art in STEM Fields
Can We Really Change Our Political System By 'Voting For Hope'?
Bodybuilder Romario Dos Santos Alves risks his life by injecting oil into his biceps
Mike Huckabee Has Chuck Norris in His Corner Again
Pizza delivery driver stabbed, robbed; still makes delivery
Study: Beards are filled with fecal bacteria and 'as dirty as toilets'
Prosecutor: Drug squad thought badge protected them from law
Colorado children may soon be allowed to bring medical marijuana to schools
NYU student held in N. Korea says he 'wanted to be arrested'
Putin and Kim Jong-un's Special 'Friendship' on the Rocks
Bodybuilder Injects Arms With Toxin to Resemble The Hulk
Conspiracy theory accuses Stephen Harper of hiding that he shares birthday with Hitler
Lad Wins $973,000 At Poker Tournament He Accidentally Entered Himself Into
Is Fecal Matter Growing in Your Beard
School That Teaches Abstinence Education Experiences Chlamydia Outbreak
Delivery driver stabbed but still manages to deliver pizza
It's Not Greek ATMs Running Out of Cash. It's Germany's
This Mormon Sunday school teacher was dismissed for using church's own race essay in lesson
Auburn woman files federal case against homosexuals
Man Robs Subway Then Crosses Street to Buy Sandwich at Potbelly
Dog poop samples demanded by Burnaby apartment landlord
Mystery chlamydia outbreak at school with no sex education
Prime Minister of Singapore shares his C++ code for Suduko Solver
Ted Cruz makes the Pentagon pinky-swear that Obama is not planning to invade Texas
NLP-"Bí quyết hành động kiên định"-6a/11#-"Dien gia Dinh Quang"
Sheriff: naked man in lawn chair threatens neighbors with AK-47
Cocaine accidently delivered to Aldi supermarkets - again
Student Op-Ed: 'Yes Means Yes' Is Not Enough Because Sometimes 'Yes Means No' Student Op-Ed: 'Yes Means Yes' Is Not Enough Because Sometimes 'Yes Means No'
Microwave oven baffled astronomers for decades
Woman who destroyed Satanic holiday display seeks online funds to continue war against Lucifer
Taissia A - Proxime - teen | Gallery Dump
Astronomers solve 17-year radio beeping mystery: it was their microwave
Detained NYU student wanted to be arrested in N. Korea
Florida woman had sex with teen boy, police say
Scott Walker blames Obama, Clinton for world violence
Police: Florida Man High On Meth Caught On Video 'Surfing' Atop Moving Cars
Nebraska woman files suit in federal court against all homosexuals
Conservative election leaflet urges people to vote on 'Erection Day'
Tim Duncan is the perfect teammate when you're drunkingly leaving the club
66 year old Nebraska woman files federal case against all homosexuals.
Performance enhancing drugs decrease performance.
Sports: 'Performance enhancing' drugs decrease performance
Chris Brown Accused of Battery in Las Vegas
US Coastguard returns with over 14 tons of cocaine.
Chlamydia outbreak hits Texas high school sex ed...
Italian Man Hangs Up On The Pope, Twice
Woman files federal lawsuit against all homosexuals
Auburn, Nebraska woman files federal case against homosexuals
Pedestrians receive $112 ticket after being struck in crosswalk by trooper's squad car
PayPal Wants to Make Your Body a Password - As a part of its 'body integration' campaign, the payment service is working on an ingestible pill that would preserve your password in the slimiest of vessels: your stomach.
Ryan Gosling eats cereal in honor of late Vine star
British blagger tags on to Leo DiCaprio's entourage to get ringside at 'fight of the century' in Vegas - then is saved from security by Floyd Mayweather himself
China orders Muslim shopkeepers to sell alcohol, cigarettes, to 'weaken' Islam
Teen chlamydia epidemic rages in sex ed-shunning Texas school district
Pedestrians Fined $112 after Being Hit in Crosswalk by Trooper
Chlamydia outbreak hits Texas school with no sex ed...
Rick Santorum: I'm Sorry My Seeming Support Of Bruce Jenner Made You Think I Support Bruce Jenner
Drunk driver ran out of gas, flagged down trooper, charged with DWI
Court says Skype's name is too similar to Sky's
Don't buy a meth house
Gun-toting Colorado teens pose for prom pics with Confederate flag as parents egg them on
The Sackler Center For Feminist Art Is Presenting Miss Piggy With An Award
Baltimore Riots Hit Close To Home For Chappaqua Mom Dawn Dankner-Rosen
Couple face up to 15 years in prison and the rest of their lives on the sex offender list after jury finds them guilty of having sex on the beach in front of children
Iran bans 'homosexual' and 'devil worshipping' hairstyles
PayPal Wants to Make Your Body a Password
Sharyl Sandberg's CEO Husband David Goldberg Died After Working Out in Mexico
Florida couple who had sex on beach must register as sex offenders
Ghostly Voices from Thomas Edison's Dolls Can Now Be Heard
Woman To Become First FDNY Firefighter Who Failed Physical Fitness Test
Radio signals puzzled astrophysicists for 17 years. They were coming from a microwave oven.
Selfies Are Banned at Kim Kardashian's 'Selfish' Book Signing
Wheelchair-bound 'Price Is Right' contestant wins treadmill
NC cop burned by free coffee sues Starbucks
Chinese man who collapsed after 14-day web binge begs paramedics to turn on his computer
'2 Drunk 2 Care' driver sentenced in fatal crash
Authorities find tot on home's roof, baby hanging out window
Dog survives getting hit by car, trapped in bumper for 248-mile drive in China
Video Game "Kill The F*ggot" Causes Uproar, Gets Pulled
Stevie Wonder celebrates medical marijuana with Snoop Dogg in 'California Roll'
Microsoft is first to let you flip the middle finger emoji
Shirtless Seattle man stuck in basketball hoop
Space Station Cosmonauts Face Toilet Issues After Russian Spacecraft Failure
PM Ditches Parliament For Delicious Cake
Man charged with stealing his lawyer's phone while in court
Man charged with stealing phone from his barrister... while in court
Landlord hounds B.C. dog owners for fecal samples to sniff out 'poopetrator'
Man requests stool samples from dogs of apartment tenants to identify "poopetrator" by DNA analysis.
Saudi king fires chief of protocol after he is caught on camera slapping a photographer
Accord man charged in alleged frying pan attack.
Runaway buffalo herd killed by farmer's "hired guns"
Police attack demonstration against police violence in Israel
Pentagon Assures Texas That It Has No Plans to Take Over the State
'The Price Is Right' Awards Treadmill to Contestant in Wheelchair
Fiorina Has High Name Recognition Among Thousands She Fired
Cop Accidentally Shoots His Mother At Wedding
Hidden camera catches student pouring Windex into her roommates' food
Police officer suing Starbucks after being burned by free coffee
Czech teacher gets fired for appearing on Casting Couch, said she thought it was for underwear modeling.
Sailors push beer bottle up sleeping friend's bottom and "penis-slap" his face.
Stabbed Pizza Guy Delivers Pie Before Going to the ER
Pizza Delivery Man Gets Stabbed, Makes Delivery Anyway
Nebraska Woman Sues All Homosexuals
79 year old 'Shawshank' inmate arrested in Florida after 1959 escape.
Woman in wheelchair wins a treadmill on 'The Price is Right'
Fox Doc Argues Men Should Have 'Veto' Power Over Women's Abortions
Texas reassured Jade Helm 15 exercise not an invasion
Comcast announces it wants to stop being the worst company in America
North Carolina police officer sues Starbucks over spilled free coffee
NPR reporter declines Willie Nelson's joint
Nebraska Woman Sues All 'Homosexuals' In Federal Court, Because Jesus (Literally)
Senator Pat Toomey Is Blocking His Own Judicial Nominee, For Some Reason
man, who was probably shrooming, terrorizes NYC subway with dildo
Mutant Susquehanna River smallmouth bass with cancerous tumor caught by angler
My husband forgot Mother's Day flowers, so I had sex with someone else
Texas Fearful of It's Own Shadow
Fundie Leader Rick Joyner: Marriage Equality Decision Could Be The Mark Of The Beast
Puff Daddy promotes new fragrance with video of him having sex
Knife-wielding man tries to get imaginary girlfriend from garbage truck, deputies say
Woman Claiming To Be Ambassador To God Files Federal Suit Against All Homosexuals
Japanese hotel introduces 'crying rooms' for women
D.C. United using Tinder to sell tickets
Colorado man remoseless after shooting Dell computer
Colorado man remorseless after shooting Dell computer
D.A.R.E. Suckered by Fake Story About Deadly Weed Gummies
Christian developer creates "Kill the F*ggot" video game to show that gaming world is "too overly sensitive"
Hey Kids... It's Time For Some Dumb Myths And Smart Facts About Slavery! | VICE | United States
City to pay $50K to train police on how to legally stop people
Opposition MPs Angry at PM for Having Cake
Schoolboy Asks Nick Clegg If He Could Have Katie Hopkins Killed
Texas Bill Preventing Cities from Banning Oil Drilling Sent to Governor
Woman in wheelchair wins a treadmill on 'Price is Right' game show
Florida grandmother draws line in the sand over couple "having sex on beach"
Abstinence-Only Texas High School Hit By Chlamydia Outbreak; 1 In 15 Students Affected
'Threes' gets pulled from Google Play for using '2048' as a search keyword
Kitchen microwaves baffle Australian space scientists
Mother locks young daughters inside alarmed bedroom so she can share a bed with her paedophile husband in a plan approved by authorities
This Guy Robbed a Subway and Immediately Took the Money to a Different Sandwich Shop
'Send Us Back': Former Guantanamo Detainees Are Camping Out at the US Embassy in Uruguay
Rapper Eats Heart Mid-Battle
Woman in wheelchair who won treadmill is a standup comedian.
Nebraska woman claiming to represent God files federal lawsuit against all 'homosexuals'
Woman Sues All Homosexuals
B.C. landlord asks dog owners for fecal samples to sniff out stairwell mess
Thieves Steal Tree Honoring Cesar Chavez from Barrios Unidos
Obama plans to invade Texas and kidnap G.W. Bush
Pizza guy stabbed, robbed - but still makes delivery
Baltimore to pay $50K to train police on how to legally stop people
May 4 hearing set in Clark cannibalism case
NC Cop Whose Free Coffee Spilled on Him Suing Starbucks
Pizza guy stabbed mid-route, but manages to deliver pizza before going to the Emergency Room
Baseball Hall of Fame Pitcher Pedro Martinez: New York Mets' COO Jeff Wilpon Made Me Pitch While Injured To Sell Tickets
Chlamydia Outbreak Hits Texas High School With No Sex Ed
Rafael Correa Accosts and Arrests Teenager for Giving Him the Finger
Nebraska Woman Files Suit Against ALL Homosexuals
Newest Mortal Kombat game barley works on the PC, the developers released a 15gb patch to fix it and it ends up erasing everyone's saves
Lindsey Graham sounds the alarm about the word "the"
Sydney, Australia - Police are seeking thieves who have stolen over $300k in postage stamps since March, 2013.
Comcast vows to put customers first
U.S. Government sent my girlfriend a coupon for citizenship to celebrate Cinco De Mayo
Ku Klux Klan Endorse Dr. Ben Carson for President
Scary clown terrifies V/Line passengers in Melbourne
Manny Pacquiao and Promoter Sued for $5 Million on Behalf of Everyone Who Watched Fight
Nebraska Woman Files Suit Against ALL Homosexuals - NBC News.com
Indiana man who stabbed girlfriend and ate her heart denies raping her because he's 'too handsome'
Blazing object 'probably the moon'
Post whatever you want with total anonymity and no judgement
Xinjiang shopkeepers ordered to sell alcohol, cigarettes in campaign to 'weaken' Islam
In áo thun chất lượng, rẻ, đẹp
Senator Lindsey Graham: Everything that starts with 'Al' in the Mideast is bad news - Diplomacy and Defense
Quy trình ban giao tại khu biệt thự vinhomes riverside
Cop sues Starbucks over free coffee
NASA's New 10-Engine Drone Is Half Chopper, Half Plane
C. diff used to beat C. diff infection
Invasion USA: Chuck Norris Joins Ted Cruz On Questioning Jade Helm 15 Martial Law Takeover! (VIDEO)
US survey declares Irish men as world's sexiest nationality
A disguised U2 busked at New York's Grand Central station
North Carolina Police Officer Burned By Free Coffee Sues Starbucks
Rachel Notley and the NDP win majority government in Alberta
Alberta election: NDP wins majority, ending 44 years of PC rule
The internet might transform commuting more than the self-driving car
Mike Huckabee kicks off his 2016 bid with a violation of campaign finance law
Police dog attacks suspect in New Jersey, man dies shortly after
Jersey Cops Let K9 Maul Man to Death, Then Try to Steal the Video
PhD student Emily Petroff solves astronomy mystery
Japan Engineers Design Robotic Bear to Aid in Assisted Suicide
Ambitiously Homophobic Nebraska Woman Sues Every Gay on Earth
Hitler-loving student gets the sack
Rural Indiana school suspends 5th graders for alleged gang activity
Chris Pratt worries about 'spacism'
Pizza Hut order reveals hostage situation
Florida hostage turns to pizza ordering app for help
Isil opens five-star hotel with excellent TripAdvisor reviews in Mosul
Strange 'outer space' signal that baffled Australian scientists turns out to be microwave oven
A Hero Pizza Guy Got Stabbed But Made His Delivery Before Going to Hospital
Chlamydia Outbreaks Hits Small Texas High School in a District With No Sex-Ed Policy
Conservative Election Leaflet Reminds Voters About 'Erection Day'
Bearded men defend their facial feces traps
Woman who fucked dog now arrested for humping teen
Hostage saves herself via Pizza Hut app: "Please help. Get 911 to me."
Hotel in Japan offering 'crying rooms' for females
Cocaine accidentally delivered to Aldi supermarkets - again
Japan hotel offers 'crying rooms' for women
Japanese hotels introduce 'crying rooms' for women
Ryanair flight to London takes off without toilet paper
Gangbanger-turned-Hasidic Jew gets 2-5 years for cop ruse
Japanese hotel offering crying rooms for women - with luxury tissues and sad movies
Islamic State opens luxury hotel but guests face beheading if they break rules
Isis opens 262-room luxury hotel in Mosul
New Zealand man found guilty of pulling out women's teeth during sex because he likes "fat, gummy women"
Raleigh cop burned by free coffee sues Starbucks
Man Arrested For Trying To Cash $368 Billion Cheque To Build Underwater Restaurant
New Zealand man found guilty of pulling out lovers' teeth during sex
66-year-old Nebraskan woman is suing all gay people
ISIS reopens five-star hotel in Mosul rated 'excellent' online
'Real-life Shawshank Redemption' prison escapee recaptured after 56 years
Florida mother held hostage uses online pizza order to ask for help
Can dog owners be evicted for not supplying dog poop samples?
Kidnap victim seeks rescue in online Pizza Hut order
Dozens of endangered cockatoos found crammed into plastic bottles
Facebook recommended victim Kevin Kantor become friends with his rapist
Christian couple spreads the message of Jesus through swinging
Texas Governor Greg Abbott Orders State Militia To Monitor the U.S. Military
Alberta election: NDP wins majority
Kim Kardashian bans fans from taking selfies at the signing for her new book 'Selfish', a book full of her selfies.
Man Injured in Manhole Blast is Suing Con Edison, His Dog is Suing Too
WOMAN ACCUSED OF CUTTING CORPSE DURING VISITATION AT TULSA FUNERAL HOME
Gloucester to send addicts for treatment, not arrest
Real-life Shawshank escapee caught in Florida
America's Motels Keep Exploding Because of Meth.
A US Police Officer Is Suing Starbucks After Spilling a Free Coffee on Himself
Talk about a vindictive girlfriend
Man robs Chevy Chase bank armed with a gun - and an oxygen tank
Scores in N.C. are legally 'innocent,' yet still imprisoned
Woman who donated kidney to brother files restraining order against him
Woman held hostage uses Pizza Hut order to call for help
Fox's Dr. Keith Ablow: 'Men Should Be Able to Veto Women's Abortions'
Woman in wheelchair wins a treadmill on 'Price is Right'
Insulting police online banned by Granby, Que., bylaw
Woman texts '2 drunk 2 care' while driving before killing 2 people
Now there's a guide to penis worm teeth
How can our future Mars colonies be free of sexism and racism?
(Now Senator) Al Franken wrote better reasons to run for president in 1999 AS A JOKE than most real Presidential candidates ever come up with.
School districts spending millions on 'white privilege' training for employees
Nebraska woman files lawsuit against all the homosexuals for being gay
Man flags down police to report nude home intruder, ended up being daughter's boyfriend
Senator Lindsey Graham Declares War on the Word "The"
Rush Limbaugh: Obama gave 'green light' for 'people in ISIS' to shoot up Texas cartoon contest
6 Words: 'My Name Is Jamaal ... I'm White'
Ohio fire station destroyed by fire
Nebraska woman lodges suit against all gay people on Earth
Lindsey Graham Declares War on the Word 'The'
1 in 15 students have chlamydia at West Texas high school
Jeff Bezos' new rocket looks more like a penis than other rockets
Couple found guilty of having sex on a Florida beach, faces up to 15 years in prison
Children are all rightwing, which is why we're doomed
Teen who bit head off hamster withdrawn from Ole Miss
There Is Growing Evidence that Our Universe Is a Giant Hologram
Woman Uses Pizza Order to Call for Help Amid Hostage Situation
Girl, 12, bruised by projectile canned corn
The Creator of "Ryan Gosling Won't Eat His Cereal" Died, and Ryan Gosling Ate Cereal in Tribute
Obama Plans to Invade Texas, Kidnap George W. Bush and Create A New Kingdom of Liberal Darkness
Lindsey Graham's unfortunate beef with the word 'the'
Mike Huckabee wants everyone to Resign or Quit White House Run so he can win.
'Free meal' garage customer's £700 bill at top London restaurant
Prediksi Sevilla vs Fiorentina 8 Mei 2015
Nebraska Woman Sues All Homosexuals, Names God and Jesus as Plaintiffs
Woman sues all of world's gays
Florida couple could spend 15 years in prison for sex on the beach
Brewster man arrested for unarmed ATM robbery in Yarmouth Reportedly told police it was a prank and he is a fan of "Punk'd" and "Jackass"
Woman in wheelchair wins treadmill on 'The Price is Right'
N.J. woman suing airline for $5M after her in-flight video didn't work, report says
Underwater Skeleton Party Found by Sheriffs Department
Divers find fake skeletons having tea party in Colorado River
Police Struggle With Loss of Privileged Position
Japan plans 'crying rooms' for women
Mysterious "Fuck" Sign Appears Briefly Above Seattle Starbucks
A Nebraska Woman Is Suing Every Homosexual Ever in Federal Court
Saudi Arabia's oil minister Ali al-Naimi: 'Only Allah can set the price of oil'
Fake "Masonic Police Department" Scam - Webpage is HILARIOUS
Hostage uses Pizza Hut app to save herself and children
James Dolan Puts Sexual Harasser In Charge Of WNBA Team
Syria, Russia to Share Electoral Expertise
Sheffield toddler is youngest voter in UK - after receiving polling card!
The Knicks' Owner Just Put a Notorious Sexual Harasser in Charge of a WNBA Team
Bryan Clay, Olympic champ, uses javelin to pull daughter's loose tooth
Monster Photo Going Viral in Yemen
Cop, Matthew Kohr, sues Starbucks for $50k after he spilt free coffee in his lap
Does anyone know if this is actually for real?
Naked Malaysian Man Rides Motorcycle At Night
Man caught in Florida after 56 years after escaping from Shawshank Prison
Police: Anne Arundel County police officer bites man's testicles
'Pollute at Will' Bill Enjoys Widespread Support From House Republicans
Kamala Harris aide arrested for allegedly running rogue police force
'Shawshank' prison escape ends 56 years later with cinematic stakeout
Scientists identify new species of penis worm
Aide to Kamala Harris, 2 others accused of running rogue police force
Naked woman arrested driving wrong way, left naked husband at rest stop
Police Officer Bites Man's Testicles
Dense dog to hamper morning commute across Chicago area
Reddit group connects lonely Apple Watch users through heartbeats
Kim Jong-un furious after 16 citizens flee country on his birthday
This Restaurant Made Special Plates for Smartphone Food Photos
This Woman Is Suing All Gay People On Earth On God's Behalf. Yes, Really.
Man Arrested After Liking His Own Most Wanted Poster on Facebook
Jealous elephant inexplicably hates couples, will fling grass and snot, warns Ishikawa Zoo
Police officer bites man's testicles, just south of Baltimore
Police officer bites man's testicles in Baltimore
CA Attorney General Kamala Harris' aide busted over '3,000-year-old' Knights Templar police force
Report: Obama signs some proclamations with autopen
Family gets $17,000 internet bill for movie download on trip to Canada
'Being fat and ugly doesn't count as being disabled': Cruel note left on mothers windscreen in Tesco car park
Mysterious Photo Of A "Monster" Is Going Viral In Yemen
Dirty Old Man Sued for '50 Shades' Sex Scam
Police: Woman cuts hair, face of boyfriend's deceased ex-girlfriend at funeral home
London to Norwich Shakespearean morris dance completed
Japan: Zoo sorry for naming monkey after new princess
Police Officer charged with biting a man's testicles
Being fat and ugly doesnt count as being disabled: Cruel note left on mothers windscreen in Tesco car park
Officer Charged In Biting Man's Testicles
Anne Arundel police officer charged with biting man's testicles
Most millionaires say they're middle class
Regina seeing average number of mosquitoes
Coffee bean truck roasted in Girard highway fire
Aide to California state attorney accused of running an occult police force claiming to be 3,000 years old
you can block the Kardashians from your internet!
Nebraska Woman Representing Jesus Files Lawsuit Against All Gay People
School evacuates when boy writes on blackboard "I got a bomb grade"
Someone stole $1 billion from Moldova. That's an eighth of its GDP
1,580 IRS workers evaded taxes over 10-year period
State fraud enforcement official from East Hartford arrested for fraud
Man robs Subway sandwich shop, then crosses street to buy sandwich at Potbellys
Pope Francis becomes honorary Harlem Globetrotter
Greedy Environment Steals California's Water
Pope Francis meets the Harlem Globetrotters
Police Officer Shoots His Own Mother at a Wedding
As Baltimore smolders, CNN launches new, Anti-Cop hate campaign
Police Officer Accidentally Shoots His Mother at a Wedding
Harlem Globetrotters name Pope Francis honorary team member
Maryland Cop Charged For Biting A Man's Testicles on Cinco De Mayo
Professor fails student for refusing to conform to his Anti-Christian bias
Mysterious radio signals that baffled astronomers for years weren't from aliens, but from a microwave
Donald Trump's hair discovered crawling in Amazon
Snorkeler Finds Skeleton Tea Party 40 Feet Beneath The Surface
Decathlete pulls daughter's tooth with javelin throw
Nebraska woman sueing all homosexuals
This Connecticut man earns more money working at a grocery store than as a college professor
This 66-Year-Old Woman Is Suing All Gay People-Yes, All of Them
Detroit man cashes $1m lotto ticket he kept in flour a few days
'The Price Is Right' Awards Treadmill to Contestant in a Wheelchair
McDonald's brings back the Hamburglar, he's now a suburban dad
Woman Alerts Police of Hostage Situation Through Pizza Hut App
'The Holy Spirit Is Moving Through Our Locker Room,' Says NBA MVP Stephen Curry
Snorkelers find skeletons having tea party at bottom of Colorado River
Arizona Snorkeler Finds Underwater Skeleton Tea Party in Colorado River
Kylie and Kendall Kardashian want to "trademark" their names so nobody else can use them.
Aide to Kamala Harris accused of helping mysterious 'Masonic' police force
San Antonio Woman Finds Bag of Cocaine in a Granola Bar
How many cows is a woman worth? Now you can find out
Police: Teacher burned 'I love mom' in student's arm with Tesla coil
A woman is trying to sue all homosexuals on behalf of God.
Cops: Maryland police officer bites man's testicles in Baltimore
Patient bills Peterborough hospital $122.50 for time spent waiting for her appointment
TIME calls "dad bod" a sexist atrocity
Kylie and Kendall Jenner wants to "trademark" their names so nobody else can use them.
How Onions May Be Used as Artificial Muscles
Totally Normal Nebraska Lady Would Like To See ALL GAYS In Court Right Now!
Thief returns chain, says it wasn't real gold, police say
Ivory Coast bans skin whitening creams
Rap's Impact Outweighs Influence of The Beatles, Says Scientific Study
'Polite' bank robber brags on Instagram, posts video of robbery
Woman makes bomb threat to get a ride.
McDonald's to reverse declining sales with more attractive Hamburglar
This Woman Is Suing All Gay People On Earth On God's Behalf.
Progressive San Fran Businessman Threatened By Min. Wage Law Appalled By Increase in Cost Per Year
Professor: If You Read To Your Kids, You're 'Unfairly Disadvantaging' Others
FBI Spent Years 'Researching' The Lyrics To 'Louie, Louie' Before Realizing The Copyright Office Must Have Them
Teacher stuffs 2nd grader into trash can, claiming "his behavior was similar to Oscar the Grouch, on Sesame Street"
Texas invasion? U.S. army fights 'Jade Helm' conspiracy theories | Thousands of Texans suspicious of President Obama are convinced that an upcoming military exercise is really a sinister plot.
Study finds the attractiveness of your gaming avatar has an impact
Teacher puts autistic student in trash can for acting like Oscar the Grouch
How ISIS and Al-Qaeda Are Recruiting With Food Porn
Decathlete Bryan Clay uses javelin to pull daughter's tooth
Police officer charged with biting man's testicle outside bar in Baltimore
There's an App That Fills Your Texts with Taylor Swift Lyrics
3 Arrested In California For Operating 3,000-Year-Old Masonic Police Department
He wanted to write 'I got a bomb grade' on the blackboard, but he evacuated the school instead
Man accused of robbing bank posted video on social media
Panda breaks sex record with epic session
Olympian Bryan Clay removes daughter's loose tooth with javelin
'The Price Is Right' Awards Woman In A Wheelchair A New Treadmill
Woman Sets Gas Pump on Fire in Jerusalem When Man Refused Cigarette
According to Dirk, Charlie Villanueva beat Rondo in Connect Four
Texas becomes the fifth state to legalize Marijuana for adults
"Death from cancer is the best," says doctor
Report: 1,580 IRS workers evaded taxes over 10-year period
Virginia woman admits to spreading feces over co-worker's desk
Gronk Flexes Muscles When Asked About Deflategate
Anne Arundel County police officer bites man's testicles
Testicle-Biting Cop Arrested On Cinco de Mayo In Baltimore, Police Say
This New Hamburglar Is a Disgrace
'Police department' trio claiming ties to Knights Templar arrested in California
Texas' top officer: Snoop Dogg a 'dope smoking cop hater'
Tigers and other wild animals on the loose in Tuttle, Oklahoma after tornado struck Tiger Safari. Grady County Sheriff is asking residents to stay indoors
Nebraska Woman Is Suing All 'Homosexuals' on Behalf of God
Tigernado. Tigers loose in Oklahoma after tornado outbreak
New service lets you advertise on women's breasts in four languages
Fortune teller suggests "feces" for baby girl's name
outh Salem teacher accused of burning 'I (heart) Mom' into students' arms with Tesla coil
African-American death toll has Americans reconsidering how their police forces are armed
Exotic animals 'on the loose' after Tiger Safari near Oklahoma City hit by tornado.
South Salem teacher accused of burning 'I (heart) Mom' into students' arms with Tesla coil
A Place for Breast-Feeding Mothers at New York Area Airports
Exotic animals escaped after tornadoes touch down in Oklahoma, TV station reports
Texas House panel approves full legalization of marijuana
Pope Francis Meets the Harlem Globetrotters, Gets His Own Jersey
Woman uses pizza order to escape US hostage situation
Brantley Gilbert Tattoos 2nd Amendment On Back
Carly Fiorina buys SethMeyers.org
Driver caught using fake passenger in pooling lanes
Maryland Cop Charged with Biting Man's Testicle During Cinco de Mayo Brawl
US military says it has no plans to invade Texas
Police defends its brutality tonight. With brutality.
Rare birds jammed inside water bottles
McDonald's Hamburglar Is Now Some Suburban Dad-Bro
Woman Sues Every Living Homosexual
Kylie and Kendall Don't You Dare Use Our Names!!!
Texas bill to legalize marijuana on religious grounds clears House panel
Muslims in Texas have their own Mohammed drawing contest...
Woman sues all of the gay people on earth
Mother arrested after trying to sell her baby for $500
Tigers and wild animals escape from Oklahoma zoo after tornado hits
Cleveland woman arrested after trying to sell her baby for $500
Men's Magazine Prints Editions Using HIV-Infected Blood To Tackle Stigma
Cleveland woman tried to sell 10-month-old for $500
Kylie and Kendall Jenner File to Trademark Their Names
Whole Foods to launch lower-cost chain
Nebraska woman sues all the gay people in the world
California trio accused of running rogue police force
Armed siege sparked when police thought fishing rod was a gun
Church polling station presents visitors with dilemma of futile activities
Japanese zoo rethinks naming baby monkey after Britain's Princess Charlotte
Denmark hopes to boost its economy by eliminating cash
Raleigh police officer suing Starbucks says spilled coffee worth $10M
66-Year-Old Nebraska Woman Sues All Gay People
Virginia woman claims Verizon Wireless gave her heart attack
Japanese zoo apologises for naming its new monkey Charlotte after the new royal princess
Bedtime reading could disadvantage other children, academic says
Cadbury confirm a vegemite flavour chocolate bar is in the pipeline
Kentucky Company Makes KFC Double Down-Scented Candle
Japan Zoo Apologizes for Naming Newborn Monkey ' Charlotte'
Taliban fears over young recruits attracted to Isis in Afghanistan
Southern California McDonald's testing kale
Marco Rubio's Plan to Build a Holy Hollywood in Florida
Parents 'bribed their kids with cannabis and cocaine to do chores and excel in school'
Joey and Chad Mudd, Florida parents bribed kids with drugs to do homework. Snorted coke together.
Parents 'bribed kids with cocaine to do chores'
Is Technology The New Opium of The People?
BBC Sport - Newcastle's John Carver: I'm the best coach in the Premier League
McDonald's reintroduces the Hamburglar as a strangely attractive suburban dad
Chlamydia Outbreak Hits Texas High School With Abstinence-Only Sex-Ed Program
Dog eats live ammo
Parents use cocaine, marijuana to bribe children to do chores and as a reward for good grades in school
Group's prom picture with guns and a Confederate flag causes controversy
Florida man tries to cash check for $368 billion
Three Arrested in California for Operating 3000 year old Masonic Police Department
No sex while your wife is studying, court tells husband
Putting keys in freezer could prevent car break-ins
Report: Rumbles of Eagles coach Chip Kelly heading to the Titans
F1 World Champion Lewis Hamilton Will Drive this Year's Gumball 3000
Developers create browser extension that blocks any news about Kim Kardashian and Kanye West
Putin's new tank designed to 'outclass the West' breaks down
Cop Suing Starbucks Didn't Think the Coffee 'Was That Hot'
Russia's new 'masterpiece' tank breaks down during parade rehearsal
Cover up! Abercrombie & Fitch says sexual marketing over
A woman claiming to be an 'Ambassador for God' is suing all gay people
Japanese hotel launches 'crying rooms'
Woman Takes Cat on 'Romantic Dinner Date' at Upper West Side Restaurant
Pedro Martinez: Manny Ramirez spiked drinks with Viagra in Red Sox clubhouse
Dinesh D'Souza Wanted a Summer Break from Community Service
Man Gets Raped By 3 Women Who Steal His Semen And Put It In A Cooler Box
Robbery suspect posts Instagram video of polite note handed to teller
McDonalds to offer kale options in test markets including Canada
Cleveland Cavaliers Make Fun of Domestic Violence in Promo Video
N.J. tree that survived Revolutionary War, Sandy chopped down on Earth Day
Cop sues Starbucks for spilling free coffee on himself
McDonald's Resurrects Hamburglar As Studly Suburban Dad
Missouri man pretended to be cop so he could stop drivers who irritated him
Parents accused of giving teen daughters pot, cocaine as 'bargaining tool'
Promiscuous women cause earthquakes, claims Iranian cleric.
Floridaman punches Jimmy John's employee because his sandwich took too long, wasn't 'Freaky Fast' enough
Congress Tells Court It Can't Be Investigated for Insider Trading
San Antonio woman finds cocaine wrapped in her granola bar
Pakistani Salman Khan reaches police station to get arrested
A Horse Box offers variety of products; provides feedback to firms
Authorities find fake skeletons in underwater lawn chairs
GOP head of Senate environment committee says carbon pollution is good for the Earth
Man Gets Raped By Three Women Who Steal His Semen And Put It In A Cooler Box
Man is raped at gunpoint by THREE women so they could collect his semen in a cooler box and 'steal' it in South Africa
CONGRESSMEN BLAME DRUGS, GAY MARRIAGE, WELFARE, AND IMMIGRANTS FOR UNREST IN BALTIMORE
Priest Who Ran Meth Ring to Be Sentenced
Gronkowski responds to Deflategate questions by flexing
She Trolling? Morning News Reporter Asks For A "Dry Hump Day"!
Professor claims bedtime reading puts children at disadvantage
Pig runs for mayor in Michigan
James Franco: McDonald's was there for me when no one else was
Porta-Potty in Park Confuses, Alarms Downtown Neighbors
Florida Couple Accused of Giving Kids Drugs as 'Bargaining Tool'
OtterBox-Protected Phone does not protect against Otter
Woman: Driver's license mistakenly ID'd me as sex offender
COMCAST TAKING STEPS TO IMPROVE CUSTOMER SERVICE
Brandeis branded gay student a rapist for awaking boyfriend with a kiss, suit says
Justin Bieber reportedly holds talks to wrestle in the WWE
Beijing bans barbecue to cut down on smog ahead of possible 2022 Winter Olympics
Restaurant creates plates designed to look good on Instagram
Iranian general: War with the US would be 'no big deal'
North Carolina cop spills free coffee, sues Starbucks for $50,000
Killer believed neighbors were stealing his WiFi
Police: woman slashes face of boyfriend's dead girlfriend at funeral home
Now, a Japanese hotel offers 'crying rooms' for women
Iran's censors struggle to keep Bieber's abs, racy photos off Instagram
Nebraska woman sues every homosexual on the planet on behalf of God
SENATORS WANT TO "BLOW ISIS OUT OF THE WATER" WITH "FANCY MEMES"
Two fans of Manny Pacquiao commit suicide in Philippines after Pacquiao losses against Mayweather
London's going to start DNA testing dog shit to find out the owners who aren't picking up after their pets (xpost r/Futurology)
Japanese Zoo Apologizes after Giving Newborn Monkey Same Name as Princess Charlotte
Denied sex, woman allegedly attacks boyfriend
Woman says she was labeled sex predator on her driver's license
Florida woman uses online pizza delivery to alert police to hostage situation
U.S. gov't to add additional spikes to White House fence
NY Gaming Commission says 'You Elmira trash' word arrangement on ticket was not intentional
Cop suing Starbucks because he was unaware coffee is hot
Hillary is the favorite among millionaire voters: survey
Saudi airplane at Israeli airport causes mass confusion
Virginia Bank Robber Apparently Posted Alleged Crime on Instagram Video
Teacher dumped autistic student in a trash can after comparing him to Oscar the Grouch
Iceberg wrangled in North Atlantic by Atlantic Towing crew
Wis. Police: Intoxicated Man Tried To Reheat Pizza On Dashboard
UK voters asked not to take selfies at polling booths
Journalists hold Tom Brady to higher standard than Hillary Clinton
Woman plans to sue after Fla. license labels her a sex offender
Federal judge dismisses Nebraskan's suit against all homosexuals
Men's Magazine Says It Printed An Edition Using HIV-Positive Blood
Abstinence-Only Texas High School Hit By Chlamydia Outbreak
Jeb Bush Told Group He Takes Mideast Advice From George W. Bush
Pope takes on the Harlem Globetrotters
Three women rape man at gunpoint to collect his semen in a cooler box
Pentagon Workers Put Escorts and Casino Bets on DOD Charge Cards
Three women raped a man and then made off with his semen, which they stored in a cooler box.
It's No Joke: Venezuela Cracks Down On Comedians
Judge Tosses Lawsuit By Nebraska Woman Suing 'All Homosexuals' On Behalf Of Jesus
Signals that baffled astronomers for 17 years traced to observatory's microwave oven
3 accused of operating fictitious, 3,000-year-old police department in U.S.
White House To Add More Steel Spikes To Keep Intruders Out
Parents Have Sex In Front Of Kids To Teach Them Where Babies Come From
Pope Francis Becomes Member of Harlem Globetrotters
A Marijuana Legalization Bill in The Texas Senate Moves One Step Closer Reality Under the Argument That "Marijuana comes from God and therefore shouldn't be banned by government."
America's poor are 'envy of the world,' says richest Congressman Darrell Issa
America's poor are 'envy of the world,' says richest congressman
Comcast Says Customer Must Sign Non-Disclosure Agreement To Get $600 Refund
Giggles the Pig write-in campaign joins Flint mayoral race chaos
Elmira man purchases lottery ticket containing 'You Elmira trash' message
Look: Topps is making a series of Will Ferrell collectable baseball cards
Jeb reportedly considers George W. Bush a top foreign policy adviser
Robots to build Heatherwick and BIG's proposed Google HQ
Police: Teacher lowered autistic boy head-first into trash to teach lesson
Woman Sues Every Gay Person on Earth on Behalf of God
The feud between BlackBerry and T-Mobile is finally over
Dog poo to be DNA tested to track careless owners
Joey Brush, former GA state senator who fought to repeal motorcycle helmet laws, killed in motorcycle accident
Woman Fires Gun Into Crowd During Argument, Kills Her Own Son
Chris Brown Finds A Naked Intruder In His Home And Shares Her Pic
Man Robs Woman on Elevator, Gets Stuck in Elevator
Fla. man robs elderly woman in elevator, gets stuck | Video
Chlamydia Outbreak Hits Texas High School With No Sex Ed Classes
NC Bill Could Send Teachers to Jail For Wearing a Red Shirt
Climate change a UN-led ruse, says Tony Abbott's business adviser Maurice Newman
Jim Rogers: I would buy North Korea if I could
Suspended priest dubbed 'Monsignor Meth' gets over 5-year term. Monsignor Kevin Wallin of Waterbury, Conn., pleaded guilty on 4/2/2013, in federal court to conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute methamphetamine. He had been accused of making more than $300,000 in methamphetamine sales.
Climate change a UN hoax to end democracy, Abbott's chief business advisor says
Restaurant to host 'White Appreciation Day'
Brady: Super Bowl XLIX victory 'absolutely not' tainted
Regina sex offender plays cupid for female American inmates
Off-duty officer accused of biting man's testicles during fight
Ontario schoolchildren: "Our parents aren't mature enough for us to learn about sex"
Barack Obama mends a broken heart by visiting South Dakota
Beer bellies are in, biceps are out: introducing the 'Dad Bod'
Climate change a 'plot to hijack democracy'
Australian Prime Minister's business adviser says climate change is a hoax lead by the UN to establish a new world order.
Streaming Mad: No more Netflix for Vt. lawmakers
Manhattan Plastic Surgeon Allegedly Turned Away HIV-Positive Patient
N.F.L. Sentences Brady to a Year with the Jets
Psychologist: Will RM8,750 Islamic 'anti-hysteria kit' work for everyone? - See more at: http://www.themalaymailonline.com/malaysia/article/psychologist-will-rm-8750-islamic-anti-hysteria-kit-work-for-everyone#sthash.kj9aQSh3.dpuf
LeBron James breaks social media silence by liking 'Perfect Booties' photo
Police officer killed.....Riding a bicycle down a set of stairs inside a house.
Elmira man's scratch-off lottery ticket said 'You Elmira trash'
College Student Cooks Bacon on George Foreman Grill During Lecture
DNA testing for dog poop on the rise
Bloomberg plans 2016 reporter game show
Random Woman Arrested At Chris Brown's Home After She's Discovered Naked In His Bed
Man Tries to Cash 368 Billion Dollar Check, but Wait Till You Hear Why he Wanted the Money
From Cartoon Chubster To Handsome Hipster: McDonald's Revamps Hamburglar
Paternity Case for a New Jersey Mother of Twins Bears Unexpected Results: Two Fathers
EPA Employee Reportedly Watched Porn in Office on Take Your Kids to Work Day
Australia PM's adviser says climate change a UN hoax
Jeb: George W. Bush is a top foreign policy adviser
3 Accused of Operating Fictitious Police Department
Chlamydia outbreak hits abstinence-only Texas high school, making officials rethink sex ed
Psychiatrist believes he can shoot energy beams from his eyes
Shocking DNA test reveals twins have different fathers
Raleigh Police Officer Burned By Free Coffee Sues Starbucks
Dead Comedians to Perform Classic Standup as Holograms
Trending General election 2015 Royal baby Princess Charlotte Rebecca Ellison Nepal earthquake Sport Technology Money Travel UsVsTh3m Home News World news Iran Iran bans 'homosexual' and 'devil-worshipping' haircuts under strict anti-Western rules
Parents use pot and cocain as bargaining tool against their children.
Shredded pork left on road as truck carrying 20 pigs crashes
Parents Used Pot As "Bargaining Tool"
New Orleans Pastor Drops Dead After Telling Congregation, 'If The Lord Called Me Now I'm Ready'
Man Raped At Gunpoint By 3 Women For His Semen
ISIS Threatens to Declare War on Hamas
On John Oliver, Edward Snowden Says Keep Taking Dick Pics
Tehran swaps 'death to America' billboards for Picasso and Matisse
In India there is a workshop organized to be a 'Selfie grapher' : Workshop to be a pro in clicking selfies
Alleged Bank Robber Posts Hold-Up On Instagram.
Couple Murdered for 'Unfriending' Woman On Facebook
Westboro Baptist Church Claims They are Going to Iraq to Protest ISIS
Alligator blamed for fatal I-10 wreck in eastern New Orleans
BBQ joint to host 'White Appreciation Day'
We Texans are brave enough to resist Pentagon.
Woman (59) begins legal battle for dead daughter's frozen eggs so she can become pregnant with her own grandchild
Man kills infant with undertaker wrestling move
Hispanic barbecue owners to host 'White Appreciation Day' at Colorado eatery
Doctor in Starbucks lawsuit says man 'deteriorated' after coffee spill
Neo-Nazis Slowly Realize This Small Town Totally Punked Them
Gay youth bullied more than straight youth, Boston Children's Hospital study reports
Lots of hawkmoths rub genitals to jam bat sonar
Jeb Bush Names George W. Bush As His Most Trusted Middle East Adviser
Depressed Venezuelans Boost Demand for Chocolate
Cop who sued Starbucks for hot coffee delayed ER
Ivory Coast boy smuggled to Spain inside suitcase
Mechanicsville Woman Charged With Contaminating Families Milk With Shavings of Dead Skin From Her Feet.
Professor: Bedtime reading puts other children at disadvantage.
Restaurant Holds 'White Appreciation Day'
Dead batteries are just god's way of reminding us that men are occasionally usefull.
Ivory Coast Bans Skin-Whitening Cream
Businessman who 'lost everything' in recession caught with fake Brad Pitt travel pass, court told
X-ray scan at Spanish border finds child stashed inside suitcase
Japanese zoo apologises for naming newborn monkey after the royal baby
Jade Helm 15 conspiracy theorists worried about imaginary government oppression dismiss real government oppression
Video game execution watched by 325,000 players
Japanese zoo sorry for naming monkey after Princess Charlotte
Hacker given in-game death sentence
Westboro Baptist church planning to go to Iraq to protest ISIS
Texas Gov. Abbott coddles right-wing conspiracy kooks
Driver dies after hitting alligator on Interstate 10 in New Orleans
ISIL opens 5-star 'Hotel Caliphornia' in Mosul for its commanders
Rob Ford says new Ontario sex-ed curriculum makes him 'absolutely sick'
US Approves Saudi Use Of Banned Cluster Bombs (But Only If They're Extra Careful)
South Carolina's Oconee County sheriff's offices to shut down for Confederate holiday
Ballot card for UK election with 'penis' drawn on it deemed valid
Woman accidentally labeled sexual predator on license
America's richest congressman says poor in the US are 'envy of the world'
DEA Steals $16,000 In Cash From Young Black Man, Because He Must Be A Drug Dealer
The borough of Barking and Dagenham has partnered with the U.S.-based BioPet Vet Lab for a project to requires all local doggy park users to submit DNA cheek swabs from pets. If abandoned dog poop matches your dog's DNA pooprint, it's an automatic fine: £80, or $120 U.S. dollars.
White Deputy Shoots Black Homeowner Who Called In Invasion.
113 vote for dead candidate in UK General Election.
A man refused to sell a woman tampons at a gas station because they're 'gross'
Man foils own robbery by spraying himself with pepper spray
Latino-Owned Colo. BBQ Joint Hosting White Appreciation Day
M&Ms candy maker says: Don't eat too many
Ja Rule roasted for appearing on 'Fox Business' show
Motorcyclist in critical condition after knocking car on its side
Spanish police discover boy crossing border inside suitcase
BBQ Restaurant Called Rubbin' Buttz To Hold 'White Appreciation Day'
Connecticut man admits stealing car, fleeing with owner clinging to roof before crash
'Penis' drawn on ballot paper 'deemed valid vote'
Senators Suggest Trolling Terrorists With Memes
Bank robbery suspect says he's innocent because he said 'please'
VIDEO: The Disgusting West Boro Baptist Church Claims They Are Going To Iraq To Protest ISIS
Study: Congress literally doesn't care what you think
Ryanair flight takes off without toilet paper
Restaurant in CO plans to hold 'White Appreciation Day'
A woman tried to smuggle an 8-year-old boy into Spain in a suitcase.
X-ray machine reveals 8-year-old boy hidden in woman's suitcase
Released Guantanamo detainees protest lack of netflix , big homes at US Embassies;demand compensation
Dad bods become new trend
Ex Guantanamo Detainees frustrating Uruguayans complicating resettlement over lack of Netflix
Sheriff: Woman held for driving wrong way while drunk, naked
Fla. man high on flakka sexually assaults tree, says he's God, tries to stab cop with badge pin: police
'Very Big Muscles': Chinese Propaganda Video Lavishes Praise on Putin
Man Pulls Gun When Golf Etiquette Questioned
Boy found in suitcase at Spanish border by customs officials
Heads Roll At Al Jazeera America
'We're Being Set Up': Glenn Beck Warns His Audience To Prepare For The Time When He Is Murdered In The Night
Meet Jeb Bush's new foreign policy adviser: his brother
Farm animal,Giggles the pig, is the leading candidate in Flint Michigans mayoral race.
NJ twins have DIFFERENT fathers, judge rules
Latino-Owned Colorado Restaurant Plans to Hold 'White Appreciation Day'
Colorado BBQ joint Rubbin' Buttz plans 'White Appreciation Day' promotion for Caucasian customers
Top DC-Anti-Islam Group: Texas Takeover Hype Distracting From Sharia Law Threat
Missoula police respond to woman playing Minecraft
Local Otter Destroys OtterBox Phone Case
Man faces 15 years in TV-style car crash
Georgia politician who campaigned against motorcycle helmets dies in motorcycle crash
Police: Man charged in drive-by Masturbation in Brownsville.
Michelle Obama: Museums Intimidate Minorities
Silver Lake Council Member: 'All Illegals Should Have To Work Like Slaves': LAist
DNA test reveals NJ twins have different fathers
Cannibal Killer Accused Of Stabbing Girlfriend To Death, Then Eating Organs, Furious After Judge Added Rape Charges, Claims He's 'Too Handsome To Be A Rapist'
An exhibition celebrating the wheelchair-using artist Christy Brown is taking place in a protected building, and wheelchair users can't get in.
All white upstate New York police pull over and draw guns on four big, scary black ... officers
Texas Republican's 'legal weed for Jesus' measure clears unlikely legislative hurdle
Family Angered After Police Handcuff And Shackle 5-Year-Old With Special Needs
Girl Set To Be Sued By Sorority For Leaking Secret Handshake
Colorado BBQ restaurant panned for plan to give white diners discount
Kodak confirms it had weapons-grade uranium in underground lab
Principal caught in car with shirt unbuttoned, smoking marijuana with student, police say
Clipper's Matt Barnes fined $50k for insulting James Harden's mom.
Police recover man's stolen bike then sell it off
L.A. Neighborhood Council Member: 'All Illegals Should Have To Work Like Slaves'
'#White Lives Matter' flyers trigger outcry in town
Watch||Tv™~@@ " Watch Chicago Bulls vs Cleveland Cavaliers live stream N...
How do we continue to let this happen?
Minnesota Woman Suing 'All Gays On Earth'
Director of national intellegence "forgot" about NSA bulk intelligence gathering.
Studying selfies: USC's #SelfieClass examines what online photos say about us
Phi Sigma Sigma Sorority Sues Member For Revealing Secret Handshake On Penny Arcade Forum
Audi Customer Offered Free Lunch After Car Gets Damaged, Racks Up Epic $1100 Bill
Police puncture own tires with spike strips during chase
Piece of string better than BMI for measuring body fat
OtterBox Says They Won't be Creating Otter-Proof Phone Case
Woman claims Verizon Wireless gave her a heart attack
U.S. Flag Not On Fire In Iran
Russia and China pledge not to hack each other
It's a tax that places an unfair burden on women, trans people and other menstruators.
New Jersey woman learns her twins have two dads at child support hearing
Dog in Arkansas expected to make full recovery after eating 23 bullets
Man jacked off at gunpoint by women wanting his semen
China: Tourist thefts silence wind chime festival
Tukwila cops go under cover at high school to bust drug dealers
2.1 million people still use AOL dial-up
Texas House votes to keep Daylight Saving Time so Texans don't have to choose between going to church and watching the Dallas Cowboys play
Girls Are Shamelessly Using Tinder To Get Guys To Buy Them Pizza
Woman impregnates herself with semen from a blowjob and claims child support from the man 2 years later. Court claims the sperm was "a gift."
Otterbox iPhone Case Not Otter-Proof
Texas Teacher Fired For Saying "He thinks Christians who don't give as much to the poor as they can are hypocritical."
Chuck Norris Warns that US Special Forces is a Threat to Texans
So, the NSA Has an Actual Skynet Program
The Dumbest Burglar Of All Time
DNA testing finds twins born to different dads - so judge rules only 1 gets child support
'Giggles the Pig' a write-in candidate for mayor in Flint
Mountain Biker Attacked by Labradoodles
149-Page Dissertation Without Punctuation | InsideHigherEd
Leaving your Feedback for Yum! Brand at Survey Site of SRBI
Teacher who stopped school shooter to throw first pitch at Mariners game
Man Murders Neighbor With Meat Cleaver Because He Suspected Him Of Stealing Wi-Fi
Computer scientists prove 80s pop music is boring
AOL still has 2 million customers paying for dial up
New Jersey judge rules twin girls have different fathers
Alleged Dallas BBQ Gay-Basher Reportedly Gay [x-post from r/nyc]
High school boys hold "draft" for prom dates. Rich kids pay for better picks.
High school boys hold "draft" for prom dates. Rich kids buy better picks.
Man jacked off at gunpoint by three women who wanted semen
Bigfoot Truthers Turn On Their Leaders
Dog eats 23 live rounds of ammunition
Japanese bankers get exosuits to help move stacks of cash
Under Kim Jong-un, North Korean property prices are soaring
Qatar firm fires 90 North Korean workers, cites labor law violations
People smugglers using Facebook to lure migrants into 'Italy trips'
59-year-old woman wants to conceive dead daughter's baby
After 5-star hotel, ISIS opens shopping mall
Vanilla Ice lands his seaplane in small Florida town, startling residents unaware that some planes can float
Palin Supports Black Pastor, Calls For Re-Introducing Slavery On Voluntary Basis
The E-Factor Diet System Review - Lets See will It extremely Work.
[LivE-SocceR]@#@==>Watch Everton vs Sunderland live Soccer 2015 Tv. Stream
U.K. election map looks like Maggie Simpson, says the internet
How Smartphones Are Taking Over Our Lives
Agriculture Minister's appeal: Urinate at multiplex, help farmers
'Sex consent obtained mala fide is rape' Indian man jailed for for not marrying girlfriend after promising to do so
Voter draws massive penis on ballot paper - gets counted and helps elect Tory MP
Florence Henderson Describes How Former NYC Mayor John Lindsay Gave Her Crabs
Chinese company treats 6,400 employees to French holiday
Australia PM's adviser: climate change is UN hoax to create new world order
Japanese porn industry hit by shortage of men | Only about 70 male actors to 10,000 women; $20 bn porn industry under threat
Pope Francis becomes Honorary Globetrotter
Pics or it didn't happen: Zomato asks employees to send 'sick selfies' to prove illness for leave
Professor: Bedtime reading by parents puts other children at disadvantage
Video: Dutch guys steal caravan, with owner still inside sleeping. He wakes up and calls 112.
A military plane crashs at Sevilla on Coca-Cola factory
Colorado restaurant plans "White Appreciation Day"
Englewood woman gets 38 years for killing man with baseball bat
Alligator crosses I-10 at Michoud Blvd, causes deadly accident
Members of Congress charge $2,500 to sit with them at a Taylor Swift concert
Pit bull adds to mayhem when power pole falls on man near Belleville
Freddie Gray police threaten to sue state's attorney Marilyn Mosby unless the city pays them tens of thousands of dollars
Keurig CEO Blames Coffee Pod DRM For Falling Sales
Texas has rejected a bill that would end Daylight Savings Time, because it "would make residents choose between going to church and watching the Dallas Cowboys."
Colorado BBQ hosts 'White Appreciation Day'
Founder of TNT Academy in Lilburn Georgia Shocked Students & Parents With Racist Comments during Graduation
NASCAR Targets Kids With the Spongebob Squarepants 400
Man tries to kiss venomous snake and is bitten on the lips
Hero Pig Saves Family From Fire
Angry voter who drew penis next to Tory candidate on ballot paper will be even more furious now
Gym Guy Hospitalised After Tiny T-Shirt Cuts Off Circulation
Astronomers find out a signal they have struggled to locate for 17 years was their microwave
Girl behind the Tinder Games: 'I was just hungry'
This Florida Couple Might Get 15 Years in Prison for Having Sex on the Beach
Wes Anderson builds Wes Anderson-themed bar in Milan
Michael Harding: I could watch crows for hours. I see myself in them
Carb-counting New Yorkers demanding inside of bagels 'scooped out'
Otter at Red River Zoo Destroys OtterBox-Protected Phone
No one recognized U2, in disguise, busking in a subway station
Welsh voter inadvertently helps to re-elect Tory MP after drawing penis on ballot paper
Police Hunting Waffle House Masturbator
Facial Hair Lands Band Director on Administrative Leave
Cop Sues Starbucks After Spilling Free Cup Of Coffee On Himself
Cop Suing Starbucks Says He Didn't Think the Coffee 'Was That Hot'
Porn and video game addiction are leading to 'masculinity crisis'
Former NFL star found guilty of beating his ex-boyfriend for trying put soy sauce on his rice at Chinese restaurant
NSA named top secret program "Skynet"
Georgia school founder shocks students with racist remarks during graduation ceremony
Is the 'dadbod' trend sexist?
Outraged Hiker Shames Park Vandals on Facebook, Sparks National Hunt
BBQ Restaurant Panned for Plan to Give White Diners Discount
Homeless Floriday Tries To Cash $368 Billion Check To Open Underwater Italian Restaurant
Doctors Start C-Section on Not-Pregnant Patient
Council Member Resigns after saying "All illegals should have to work like slaves for free for every single citizen who came here the right way! Shame on the sneaky, lawless dregs who have no respect for the law and how hard real citizens have had to work to become legal."
Driver leaves DUI court hearing in Longmont, gets arrested again for DUI
Fan shot, killed as fans storm pitch
Russia and China promise not to hack each other
Principal Caught in Back Seat With Teen, Weed, Shirt Unbuttoned
Restaurant designs special plates for people to Instagram their food
4-Year-Old West Texas Boy Killed by Falling Tombstone
Yoko Ono: "I had an Affair with Hillary Clinton in the '70s"
Florida principal arrested after police find her in a car with student, marijuana
Man Calls 911 To Report Burglary, Police Show Up and Shoot Him While Criminals Speed Off
Arkansas dog eats 23 live rifle rounds
ISIL nabs people for wearing pants
Florida principal arrested after police find her in a car with student smoking marijuana
How to Buy Services for Bot Detection and Mitigation
Elmira, New York, Man Says Lottery Ticket Read, 'You Elmira Trash'
New Westminster mayor reflects on leaving single family home for condo
The Danish prime minister's husband just won a UK parliament seat.
Barbecue Restaurant to Hold "White Appreciation Day."
Florida parents arrested for bribing kids with cocaine to do chores
Person accidentally votes Conservative by drawing penis on ballot paper
BBQ restaurant owner defends 'White Appreciation Day'
Teacher Stuffs Autistic Kid In the Trash and Calls Him "Oscar the Grouch"
Man steals car, crashes it in front of owner
Prosecutor charged with assault by mattress
Adults-only hotel causes controversy in Cumming
Smoking cannabis 'dries out your vagina' author claims - but there is hope
Knicks Hire Executive Who Lost $11 Million Sexual Harassment Suit to Run WNBA Team
Bubba Watson's Adorable 3 Year Old Son Calls His Dad's Putting 'Disgusting'
Arcade Fire Opening Haitian Restaurant in Montreal
North Korea developed it's own version of Android a few years back called Pyonyang Touch.
Teens heading to ER for mental health care called 'exceedingly frustrating'
Chinese firm sends 6,400 employees on French holiday
Monsignor Is Sentenced for Running a Meth Ring
Ken Ham Hopes To Prove Dinosaur Bones Are Only Thousands Of Years Old
University of New Hampshire professor will teach course on 'Deflategate'
PARTIALLY CLOTHED PRINCIPAL CAUGHT SMOKING POT WITH STUDENT
Arkansas pastor's wife turns him in after finding 'tens of thousands' of child porn files
Rail passenger 'found smuggling heroin under foreskin'
Man attacks his father with machete because he won't turn off his country music
ISIS fighters trick men into dates to prove they are gay
EU considers military attacks on targets in Libya to stop migrant boats
Black Man Calls 911 In South Carolina To Report Home Invasion, Gets Shot By Deputy
'And if you listen very hard': Led Zeppelin's copyright infringement lawsuit coming to LA
Ealing a bit weird? Head to Weird Beard brewery
Handgun Found In a New Jersey Man's Butt Cheeks During A Jail Search!
10 Amazing Examples of Mind Over Matter
Cow Bunks Exam in Jammu and Kashmir, Despite Having Admit Card
Al Jazeera Round Table: "Should We Kill All Alawites?"
Search and Rescue dog gets lost in the bush during Search and Rescue Mission, sparking Search and Rescue Mission.
Texas Passes Ban On Fracking Bans
Someone accidentally voted for the Conservatives - by drawing a PENIS on their ballot paper
Top hats and gold cuffs: the curious case of California's fake masonic police force
Welsh voter draws penis on ballot paper - returning officer counts it as a vote
China to 'blacklist' its unruly travellers overseas
Chinese theme park sets up 'death simulator' where volunteers can experience being cremated
Police Handcuff and Shackle 'Disruptive' 5-Year-Old Special Needs Student
Iran bans 'homosexual' hairstyles (and ones which make you worship Satan)
Castro: This Pope's So Impressive, I Might Return to Church
Tampa Bay Lightning ask Habs fans to cover up, only selling tickets to Florida residents
Principal caught smoking weed with her high school student and her shirt unbuttoned.
National Corvette Museum to recreate sinkhole experience for patrons
New Call-in Line Helps Business Leaders Shape Texas Laws
IDIOT: Baltimore State's Atty Charged Wrong People, Wrong Names, Wrong Addresses of 2 Officers
Priced Out of Brooklyn? Try Manhattan
A woman was arrested for spiking her family's milk with dead skin from her feet
St. Mary's woman accused of putting skin in family's milk
Man With Plastic Bag On Head Tries, And Fails, To Rob 7-Eleven
Man uses foreskin to smuggle heroin from China to Tibet: news reports
Winning Welsh Conservative, Glyn Davies, thanks unknown penis artist
Ukip supporters are convinced Nigel Farage's defeat is a conspiracy
Semi-Nude High School Principal Caught Smoking Marijuana With Student in Car
Chuck Norris Warns Special Forces Exercise Is a Threat to Texans
Woman 'put dead skin shavings from her feet in her family's milk'
Monty the goldfish has an operation to remove a tumour from his head - and it went swimmingly.
Pet owners spend £200 for team of vets to perform successful tumour surgery on Monty the GOLDFISH
sturgeon! Goldfish undergoes operation to remove
Prince Harry offered cameo in series 6 of Game of Thrones
Woman slashes face and smears makeup of boyfriend's dead ex in coffin
Moms Eat Free at Hooters on Mother's Day
Woman arrested for shoplifting, police find $100 worth of groceries in her vagina
Apologetic Georgia principal blames 'the devil' for racist remark at graduation ceremony
Cow who was issued admit card does not appear for examination
Nebraska woman suing all homosexuals on behalf of god.
Ontario woman sends $122.50 bill to hospital for making her wait
49 children, as young as 5th grade, were arrested and detained during protests
Texas college professor tries to flunk his whole class
PINOCCHIO PENIS TATTOO GETS A MAN LIFETIME BAN FROM FLYING
Girl with autism asked to leave the flight after the Captain says he isn't comfortable with her presence
UK McDonald's to start breathalyzer tests for customers
Skydiver held for attempted murder after sabotaging his wifes main parachute and reserve chute. However, she survived the 4,000 feet fall.
Naked Final Exam at UC San Diego Sparks Mom's Outrage
Skydiver accused of murder after sabotaging both wife's main chute and reserve chute. However, she survived the 4,000 feet fall.
Family Emerges From 1986 Unscathed
Mystery radio signals that baffled astronomers for years came from the staff microwave
Scott Walker: Doctors Should Lie To Pregnant Women To Prevent Abortions
SpongeBob Car Gets Stuck on SpongeBob Logo at SpongeBob SquarePants 400
Ted Cruz: Vets Should Sell Cookies For Funding, Like Girl Scouts
Ceo takes a bullet to the balls to prove his product
"WHITE APPRECIATION DAY" ADVERTISED AT COLORADO BARBECUE RESTAURANT
Plymouth Tory MP's office is covered in poo
Georgia School Founder Apologizes After 'All the Black People' Remark at Graduation
Smoking Weed Might Be Drying Up Your Vagina
Massive Hindu god angers Catholic neighbours
/r/NotTheOnion wants to add 37 pieces of flair... input needed!
Children as young as 10 'smoke before exams'
Snoop Dogg Thinks "Game of Thrones" is Based Off Historical Events
Missing trail runner found alive - drank own breast milk to stay alive
EU court rules "Skype" is too similar to "Sky," blocks trademark application
westerners [american, canadian, british, italian, etc ] are less evolved proven by westerners are less smarter, unattractive, look too old, more smelly, more hairy, etc closer to apevolution
Man Arrested For Drinking Male Enhancement Formula
Ben Carson on Russia: I would not rule out US military force
Merkel listens as Putin defends USSR's pact with Nazi Germany
Morgan Freeman Defends His Marijuana Use: "I'll Eat It, Drink It, Smoke It, Snort It"
Anti western cosplayers movement supported by thousands of Asians and Anme fans
Tim Tebow bill passes in Alabama House of Representatives
Art dealer convicted of forging forger's forgeries
State of Alabama passes a 'Tim Tebow' bill
Man with a Pinocchio penis tattoo gets banned from flying for showing it to passengers
McDonald's Sued For $1.5M By Customer Who Wanted More Than 1 Napkin
North Korea announces test of 'world-level strategic weapon'
تعرف علي اضرار العادة السرية ~ فكرة
S. Africa opposition elects first black leader
Man eats hat after betting NDP MLA Thomas Dang wouldn't be elected
50 Cent Accused of Stealing Some Serious Vegas Bling
Running From Police Is the Norm, Some Say
Breast milk sustained missing runner
Cheap Price Wholesale Bag - Buy Cheap Price Wholesale Bag,Cheap Price Wholesale Bag,Cheap Price Wholesale Bag Product on Alibaba.com
$1.5M Spent To Renovate 2 Public Restrooms In San Francisco
Fake suicide-bomber 'promposal' leads to student's suspension
5 CIEKAWOSTEK Z CS:GO #6- Mgła, Dziwne dźwięki, skybox
Complaint says crosses at Catholic school offensive, prevent Muslim prayers
Saida Grundy, Boston University professor: White males a 'problem population'
Mother Discovers Her Twins Have 2 Different Fathers
Prince Harry finds New Zealand's Stewart Island is his oyster
Kansan comes to Omaha for at least one Garth Brooks show, but stays for all six
Reverend Billy and the 'SHOPOCOLYPSE'
Japanese bankers get exosuits to help carry heavy stacks of cash
Anti western cosplayers movement supported by thousands of Asians and Anime fans
Fred Nile Introduces A Bill To Control Women's Every Decision
Auto Erotic: Man sexually assaults a Porsche in Thailand
Russian aquarium seals take up weapons during WWII Victory Day celebrations
Lazio 1-2 Internazionale: It Was The Saddest Backflip Of My Career, Says Two Goal Hero Hernanes
Activists pinch lobsters from Dublin restaurant
Snoop Dogg seems to believe Game of Thrones is historically accurate
Baby Giraffe Died because Her Mother Refused to Feed Her
Testicle-kicking dominatrix becomes first Brit to breach new online porn laws
Howard Stern's historic studio chair deserves a place in the Smithsonian
Goldfish owned by Bristol family has 45-minute op costing £200 to give it "better quality of life"
Will pregnancy tests in Alaska bar prevent soon to be moms from drinking?
Bus company pulls topless 'ride me' adverts after outcry
Ipswich player offers to pay for damage caused by fan celebrating his goal
Boobs, Butts, And Rectal Foreign Bodies: Who's Packing?
Portland cyclist hit by pickup, loses leg; 'I just had worst Mother's Day ever,' says his mom
Oh, BTW: F*ck This Court and Everything That It Stands For. End Quote.
Snoop Dogg brushes up on his history ... by watching Game of Throne
Senator fights for abstinence, then finds out his own daughter is pregnant
For Chinese Tourists Behaving Badly, A Government Blacklist
Snoop Dogg unaware Game of Thrones is fiction
Bag of air from Mayweather v Pacquiao fight for sale on eBay
No end in sight for immigrants on deportation roller coaster, experts say
Joe Elliott On Upcoming Def Leppard Album: 'Every Song Is Different From Every Other Song'
ISS 'naut: We DROP our BURNING POO on DEFENCELESS Earthlings
Confederate Memorial Day still recognized in Alabama and across the South
South Wales 'Ride me' bus advert sparks online backlash
Is that a banana in your pocket, or are you just happy to be in P.E.I.? Bulging brochure prompts redesign
'Star Wars' Selfie Goes Horribly Wrong, Gets Innocent Man Branded As Child Predator
Woman survives off own breast milk
Visitors' guide photograph raises eyebrows
Motorist fined after car 'lifted' on to yellow lines in Manchester
Ottawa considering hate charges against those who boycott Israel
Mother's Day brawl at Red Lobster leads to 4 arrests
Soccer Star on celebrating after scoring against his old club- "It was the saddest backflip of my career."
Chickens escape amid Hwy. 401 truck fire
Teacher arrested after burning 'I love mom' into kid's arm with Tesla coil
Olive Garden to test breadstick sandwiches
Jimmie Johnson wins SpongeBob Squarepants 400 at Kansas Speedway
Turkey: Selfie-taking Ottoman prince statue vandalised
Georgia Principal Blames 'Devil' For Racist Remarks
Deputies: Burglary suspects left trail of macaroni salad from crime scene
Making a movie, need to practise, kidnapper told friend at Film City
Macaroni salad leads police to suspected burglars
Police follow macaroni salad to find suspects
N.J. Gov. Christie spent $82,000 on concessions at Jets, Giants games: report
Shocking DNA Results Revealed: Body Of Elderly Homeless Man Identified As Elvis Presley
New Jersey man hides stolen .25-caliber gun in his anal cavity
'Hipster Cop' actually just a policeman with a beard
Bangladesh bans use of its national anthem as a ringtone
Ed Miliband hits Ibiza after standing down as Labour Party leader
Drink-driving Lord with face smothered in boot polish hit lamppost
Kentucky woman shot by 2-year-old son over Mother's Day weekend
A new Islamic State guide says every Western jihadist should carry a condom
'White Appreciation Day' discount extended to everyone
31 charged, including girl, after 5-hour police standoff in Edgewater
Creating the Kingdom of North Sudan: Keeping a promise to make his daughter a princess, American declares a kingdom in northeast Africa.
Major deal: Israel to purchase four patrol ships from Germany to defend gas rigs
Deputies: Dade City man gets into fight with 12-year-old girl | TBO.com and The Tampa Tribune
AZ town hides license plate readers in dozens of fake cacti
Burglars leave behind steady trail of macaroni salad
Chris Christie Spent $82,000 of State Money on Snacks at NFL Games
Motorcycle crash kills ex-Georgia lawmaker who tried to eliminate helmet regulations
Woman At Walmart Arrested For Shoplifting; Police find $100 Worth Of Groceries In Her Vagina
The HuffPost Show Explains: The Rise Of Ass Play (NSFW)
Elizabeth May says sleep deprivation behind failed attempt to be 'edgy' on Khadr
Former Georgia Legislator Opposed to Motorcycle Helmet Law Dies in Motorcycle Crash
Greek Justice Pursues Jobless Father-of-3 Beyond the Grave
George Zimmerman involved in shooting in Lake Mary, police say
After Unfortunate Peeing Prank, Google Suspends Community-Edited Map Maker
"Creep" shamed on Facebook was actually man taking selfie with Darth Vader
Morgan Freeman Wants Marijuana Legalized: 'I'll Eat It, Drink It, Smoke It, Snort It'
Gov. Chris Christie spent $300,000 on food and drink from 2010 to 2015
Bomb squad investigating grenade 'donated' to Goodwill
Mother Says Son, 8, Injured by Aggressive Hug From Pluto at Disneyland
UBC student writes 52,438 word architecture dissertation with no punctuation - not everyone loved it
Black Artist Wears White Women Around His Neck as 'Trophy Scarves'
Flying car prototype crashes.
Jiu-Jitsu Class Takes Break, Practices On Man Robbing The Bike Shop Next Door Jiu-Jitsu Class Takes Break, Practices On Man Robbing The Bike Shop Next Door
George Zimmerman sustains gunshot injury in road rage incident
Consumer culture gone wild: Boar visits Hong Kong mall
Police: George Zimmerman involved in Florida shooting
Police: George Zimmerman involved in shooting
George Zimmerman shot in 'road rage incident,' media report
'Ride me all day' bus advert backfires
Jiu-Jitsu Class Takes Break, Practices On Man Robbing The Bike Shop Next Door
This Formula 1 Mechanic Got Hit In the Nuts With a Racecar
Snoop Dogg thinks 'Game of Thrones' is based on real history
Chris Christie Really Loves Spending Taxpayer Money On Food
Artist wears white women as scarves
Game hacker stripped, shamed and given in-game death sentence
A prominent goodbye sign from defunct Payless Furniture that labels Lawrence 'Obamaville' and much more
Family Kicked Off Flight After Daughter With Autism Deemed 'Disruptive'
Google Maps shuts down editing after "Robot Peeing" incident
George Zimmerman shooting: Florida man sustains "minor" wound.
Sofia Vergara is getting her own Snapchat reality series
Olive Garden's new breadstick sandwiches include unlimited breadsticks
George Zimmerman wounded in Lake Mary shooting incident
Georgia principal blames Satan for racist graduation rant as son blames 'n******s' in Facebook tirade
Georgia principal blames racial remarks at graduation event on 'the devil' | US news
Lost New Zealand woman survives on breast milk
3 bond out of jail following Mother's Day melee at Red Lobster
Wyoming outlaws personal data collection
New Zealand Runner Survives Being Lost In Woods By Drinking Her Own Breast Milk
Forbidden Data: Wyoming just criminalized citizen science.
George Zimmerman, the man acquitted in the Trayvon Martin shooting, was injured in a shooting
Chris Christie Spent $82,000 In Taxpayer Money On Concessions At NFL Games
Chris Christie spent over $82,000 on concessions at MetLife Stadium with NJ expense account
It's like Mario Bros. -- with tampons
'Gay Propaganda' to Defend Sweden From Russian Submarines - Peace Activists
'Steady trail of macaroni salad' leads to burglary arrests
Rand Paul Presidential Campaign Staffer Licks Camera of Democratic Tracker
Police called as PlayStation 4 tantrum leads to 'out-of-control' son
The bizarre theme park ride that simulates cremation
Lost Runner Drinks Own Breast Milk To Survive
Rand Paul's political director licked a camera
Rand Paul aide licks tracker's camera
How a Darth Vader selfie showed the worst side of social media
Mother claims daughter must be naked in order to pass final exam
Worker fired for disabling GPS app that tracked her 24 hours a day
Saudi Arabia: Woman seeks revenge on husband over second wife by racking up £51k in traffic fines
Man threatens restaurant owner with pellet guns on mother's day over a refused hug
George Zimmerman got shot
Chris Christie Spent $82k On Concessions At NFL Games
Md. woman charged with putting her skin shavings in her roommates' milk
So I checked my local news today..
Doctors Seem to Schedule Births So They Can Make It Home for Dinner
Handgun found in Bridgeton man's 'butt cheeks' during jail search
Wild boar breaks into children's clothes shop
Rand Paul, snozberries taste like snozeberries
Citing Baldness, Gohmert Scraps Presidential Campaign
Kansas seniors try to sell high school on Craigslist
This Little Device Will Supposedly Halt Your Incessant Farting
Kanye West Ph.D. or Dr. West now "KANYE WEST RECEIVES HONORARY DOCTORATE FROM THE ART INSTITUTE OF CHICAGO"
Teacher Named "Fuchs" Arrested For Doing That to Her Student
Paris deputy fire chief's property accidentally burns
20 Of The Whitest Things Ever Overheard At Whole Foods
Police: Man shot by officers pointed cellphone like a gun
Clinton Campaign Confirms Their Female Employees Are Only Being Paid 72 Cents On The Dollar Compared To Men
Firefighter sprains ankle in 5-acre grass fire in San Martin
Tina Fey Takes Off Her Dress for Final Appearance on The Late Show
Illinois State Police will fly "unmanned aircraft" not "drones"
People Keep Crashing Into Google's Self-Driving Cars
Macaroni salad trail leads police to suspected burglars in NY
Man literally eats his own hat after losing Alberta election bet
Europe's Insane Plan to Destroy Migrant Boats
George Zimmerman Shooter Could Use Stand Your Ground Defense
Taylor Swift: Congress' Lucrative, Unwilling Fundraiser
NY Times Asks Impossible Question: "What Is Florida Man?"
Olive Garden debuts breadstick sandwiches that come with side of endless breadsticks
Egypt Jails Students For Mocking ISIS
Cremation simulation: Theme park in China offers 'death ride'
Police find 100$ worth of Walmart groceries in woman's vagina.
COPS: NUDE MONTGOMERY COUNTY MAN STEALS CAR, SAYS ACTOR PAUL WALKER'S IN TRUNK
Shell Corp is sponsoring an article titled "How Green Are Those Solar Panels, Really?" on National Geographic's news website.
Man Shoots at George Zimmerman, Claims 'Self Defense'.
Nude Art Final? UC San Diego Says 'No Big Deal'
Students Forced to Take Final Naked
1-800-Flowers Allegedly Shipped Moms Dead Flowers, Air
Gov. Chris Christie Spent $300k On Food, Alcohol, NFL Concessions Using N.J. Taxpayer Money
Paradise Valley hides license-plate reading cameras in cactuses
George Zimmerman's attacker says he was acting in self-defense
CANADIAN GOVERNMENT SAYS FREE SPEECH IS FOR OFFENDING MUSLIMS - NOT OPPOSING ISRAEL
Chicago bar owner vows to "burn this f**king place to the ground" before he'll remove spy mirror from women's restroom
Chicago bar owner defends two-way mirror in women's bathroom
After I "Discovered" an Abandoned Town and My Film Went Viral
President of Liberland Arrested for Trespassing into His Own Self-Declared Country
Cow who was issued admit card does not turn up for the examination. (xpost - r/india)
Christie buys $300K of food & booze with NJ expense account
Policeman loses his gun in a playground, kid picks it up and shoots a slide with it.
Staff blunder behind photos, says KFC
Naked Michigan State Senator Shoots Ex-Wife's Mercedes After She Storms Into House To Confront Naked Girlfriend
Yet another Bangladeshi blogger hacked to death
Thom Yorke's On The Cover Of An Iranian Book About Sex And Relationship Problems
'American' KGB agent reveals why he refused to go home
Eurostar's problem with Brits who collect old artillery
The Myth of "Racist Pornography"
Prince Harry Is Ready to Put a Baby in Somebody
Illinois police will use drones, won't say 'drones'
'Microaggression' exhibit at Brandeis 'microaggresses' students
Greek finance minister addresses claims his wife is inspiration for Pulp's 'Common People'
Kanye West is now an honorary doctor
Woman posts on Facebook for advice on tackling a fire
Gujarat: Goats fell unconscious after consuming liquor
WATCH FOOTAGE OF ROBERT DURST URINATING ON CANDY AT CVS
(Sweden) Singing sailor to scare off Russian submarines
Azerbaijan uses Photoshop to delete 'Armenian presence' from Moscow's V-Day Parade
Woman who gave birth on flight didn't know she was pregnant.
Swedish peacekeepers using 'gay sailor' to repel Russian submarines
Jaw patient mistakenly given brain surgery: Family wins $21 million in court
Swedish peace group uses gay sailor sign to fend off Russian submarines
UCSD teacher has students take final in the nude
Shock as couple engage in 'sex act' on busy Dublin street in broad daylight
Anne Hathaway signs on for 'Godzilla meets Lost in Translation'
Ginger haired fanatic wanted to kill Prince Charles in hope Prince Harry became King
Swedes Use 'Gay Propaganda' to Deter Russian Submarines
Olive Garden's Breadstick Sandwiches Come With Unlimited Breadsticks
Drunk, 'blacked-up' Lord crashes into lamppost after police pursuit George Worsley, 24, told officer: 'I do feel I have been rather foolish'
Thieves arrested after leaving trail of macaroni salad
Could You Be This Mexican Politician's Double?
Eton-educated Lord George Worsley, 24, crashes car into lamppost after being pursued by police while drunk and 'blacked-up'
Isis terrorists share 'highly charged' homosexual texts
Blacked-up aristocrat crashes into lamppost while three times drink-drive limit
Las Vegas to host recovering cocaine addict convention
Ada Guan, B.C. woman who gave birth on plane, didn't know she was pregnant
Singapore teen guilty of insulting Christians, ex-leader Lee
Train passengers asked not to bring Artillery Shells onto the Eurostar
Verizon buys AOL for $4.4 billion instead of upgrading their network
So long, sucker: man sneezes out part of toy dart after 44 years
Woman charged with contaminating roommate's milk with human skin
Man sneezes out toy dart which had been stuck there for 44 YEARS
Girl told she is going to meet her long lost mother on TV show... only to be introduced to a guy in drag
Matthew Kohr, N.C. cop, sues Starbucks after spilling free coffee on himself
MLB pumps up baseball security after NFL's Deflategate flap
Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 bln
Vienna's traffic lights are now gay-themed
Man 'founds country' to make daughter a princess
David Cameron appoints anti-gay marriage MP to be minister for equalities
NYC Luxury Hotel Testing Accommodations On Lenny Kravitz Before Opening
Kanye West received honorary doctorate in Chicago
Kanye West receives honorary doctorate from Chicago Art Institute
Kanye West gets honorary doctorate degree in Chicago
I Have a Chinese Banknote That Everyone in China Is Scared of
Ginger-Haired Extremist 'Planned to Assassinate Prince Charles with a Sniper Rifle so Harry Would Become King'
Beer contaminated with crocodile bile kills 56
'Kill Charles and Prince Harry becomes king': Ginger-haired 'extremist plotted to assassinate heir with sniper rifle'
Rand Paul staffer licks camera at New Hampshire town hall
Ginger 'fanatic plotted Prince Charles murder to make Harry king'
Cops Follow Trail Of Macaroni Salad To Nab Thieves
Man Says He Shot at George Zimmerman In Self-Defense
Oklahoma man admits giving stepfather fatal wedgie
Planned Parenthood Celebrates Abortion on Mother's Day
Rand Paul: Advocates for the Disabled Should Help Brainstorm Ways to Cut Social Security Spending
Macaroni salad trail leads police to suspected burglars
Drug-Running Priest "Monsignor Meth" Gets 5 Years in Prison
Richmond couple wants to talk to their neighbours about trimming a hedge, but nobody's home ... ever
Attorney: Man shot at George Zimmerman in self-defense
Elderly man with prostitute under bed loses housing subsidy
Police ask residents to avoid chasing bears with hatchets
Students & Teacher Get Naked for UCSD Final Exam
Tibet-bound rail passenger caught smuggling heroin under foreskin
Man who blamed his permanently blocked nose on hay fever sneezes out toy dart which had been stuck there for 44 years
Stephen Hawking confirmed as kids' entertainer for Glastonbury 2015
Snoop Dogg Thinks 'Game of Thrones' Actually Happened, is Based on History
North Adams Police: Do not drunkenly chase bears, please
Man Arrested After Smashing Window, Saving Dog From Hot Car
Use of non-kosher Clamato juice in red beer angers Montana man, who proceeds to shoot the bartender and kill his dog
funny pic for aver
Push to End Prison Rapes Loses Earlier Momentum
David Cameron appoints second anti-gay marriage MP Caroline Dinenage as equalities minister
The Story (and Meaning) Behind the Rand Paul Camera-Licker
'I can't be racist, because I'm an ethnic minority woman' says university diversity officer
In 'atomic wedgie' case, Oklahoma man pleads guilty to manslaughter
Colombia Will Stop Spraying Monsanto's RoundUp On Their Cocaine
Sheriff warns lawyer over client's Batman costume
Who should save sight of S.C. man who can't afford surgery?
'I can't be racist because I'm an ethnic minority woman', says Goldsmiths university diversity officer embroiled in racism row
Erica Walker Desecrates US Flag In front of Soldiers
Ginger fanatic plotted Prince Charles murder to make Harry king, court hears
Florida woman robs 3 banks in 30 minutes
Professor Stephen Hawking Set For Glastonbury
patriots fans create gofundme page to pay for the teams 1 million dollar fine
Fan Sets Up Patriots GoFundMe Page to Pay the Team's Deflategate Fine
Zoo Says Sorry for Naming Monkey Charlotte Following Royal Birth
"Duck Dynasty" Musical Closing Early in Las Vegas
Singapore teen guilty of insulting Christians in video blog
The scary new Facebook game that's worrying parents
Police: Don't chase bears while drunk and wielding a hatchet
Stephen Hawking to make Glastonbury Festival appearance
Police urge populace not to chase bears with a hatchet while drunk.
Man claims he was offered prostitute for land in pipeline deal
Velociraptor snouts grown on chickens in Frankensteinosaurus experiment
This polling company claims it knew the General Election result ahead of time but 'chickened out' of publishing it
Cambodian TV prank backfires after hosts fool teen on Mother's Day
TV Show's Joke Over Teen Meeting Mum Backfires
Activist Lit Up Joint On Live TV Because 'Interview was stressful'
"We certainly don't need anyone going all Davy Crockett chasing it through the woods drunk with a dull hatchet," the post stated. "It is just a bad idea and not going to end well."
A 37-year-old accused of plotting to shoot the Prince felt marginalised because he was a white, ginger-haired male
Do you feel stupid yet?
TV show apologies for cruel 'prank' on girl, 13, who thought she was about to meet her long-lost mother
Woman living in tent on her property receives eviction notice
Kanye West receives honorary doctorate in Chicago
Classical Mythology Too Triggering for Columbia Students
Man accidentally pepper sprays self foiling robbery attempt
Army vet saves dog, gets arrested
'Gay sailor' to protect Sweden from Russian subs
Student sues Misericordia after failing course
Concerns about Cowboys football helps kill House bill scrapping daylight saving time in Texas
Iowa Landowner offered a "$1,200 teenage prostitute" by an oil pipeline company rep
Mass. police advise against chasing bears with dull hatchets while drunk
Man pleads guilty to killing step father with atomic wedgie.
Thief Loses Phone During Purse-Snatching, Gets Arrested After Calling Police to Ask for It Back
Brits keep taking artillery shells on Eurostar causing evacuations. This has happened several times in 2015 alone.
Iowa landowner claims he was offered prostitute by oil pipeline company rep
Are Elite, Private Firefighters The Future Of London?
Tokyo bans drones in public parks after radioactive quadcopter lands on prime minister's roof
Eurostar's problem with artillery shell collectors
The Swedes introduce the 'Singing Sailor', gay propaganda to repel unwanted Russian submarines
Man my won't go south of the border!
Elon Musk is worried that Google's Larry Page could accidentally create a robot army to destroy humanity
Man Hides Fully Loaded .25 Caliber Gun In His Anus
Propaganda Tool: Azerbaijan uses Photoshop to delete 'Armenian presence' from Moscow's V-Day Parade
Police: 'Chasing bears through the woods drunk with a dull hatchet is strongly not advised'
WNY cops follow macaroni salad trail to Build-A-Burger burglary suspects
Man who saved dog from hot car charged for breaking window
Student Branded Rapist, Suspended by College for Waking Up Boyfriend with Kisses
Stephen Hawking and Dynamo confirmed to appear at Glastonbury 2015
Man tries to be Davey Crockett
Ginger fanatic plotted Prince Charles murder to make Harry king: court
Fire chief accidentally burns down his own house
NASA Funds Electricity-Harvesting Robotic Space Eel With Explosive Jet Thrusters
Police ask residents not to drunkenly chase bears with axes.
North Adams Police: Don't Drunkenly Chase Bears
Elon Musk fears Google CEO Larry Page could accidentally create a robot army to destroy humanity
Brazil's $900 million World Cup stadium is now being used as a parking lot
Oklahoma man pleads guilty in deadly 'atomic wedgie' case (Reuters)
Swedes use gay propaganda to deter russian submarine crews... [X-post /r/worldnews]
Oklahoma man pleads guilty in deadly 'atomic wedgie' case
TV show apologises for cruel prank on girl who thought she was about to meet her long-lost mother
Islam could be forbidden in France in 2017
A Texas House push to exclude the state from observing daylight saving time has collapsed amid concerns that doing so would make residents choose between going to church and watching the Dallas Cowboys.
Voters Worry Military Exercises May Lead to Federal Control Of States
'Star Wars' or ISIS: Which is more Islamic?
A former congressman mistakenly blamed Islam when he couldn't buy booze at Walmart
The Company Behind .Sucks Is Threatening to Sue the People Who Say It Sucks
Mother of student complains to local news because daughter's elective Interpretive Art course requires a nude performance to pass the class
95 percent of parents think their overweight children look 'just right'
Florida man turns himself in for killing imaginary friend
The top 25 hedge fund managers earn more than all kindergarten teachers in U.S. combined
Vienna brings in gay pedestrian crossing lights
Iowa landowner claims pipeline company rep offered a prostitute
Bill C-51 for Dummies
Scientists: Earth Endangered by New Strain of Fact-Resistant Humans - The New Yorker
Can't get away with imaginary murder.
Scientists: Earth Endangered by New Strain of Fact-Resistant Humans
Nation's richest congressman: U.S. poor are 'envy of the world'
Should Apple buy Greece?
Nursing student fails same class twice -- then blames and sues school
TV show apologises for cruel 'prank' on girl, 13, who thought she was about to meet her long-lost mother
North Adams man who chased bear with hatchet in protective custody
Florida man turns himself in for murdering imaginary friend
Models must now have 10,000 Instagram followers to land a gig
Man Kills Imaginary Friend and Turns Himself In
Prediksi Real Madrid vs Juventus 14 Mei 2015
Models Better Have at Least 10,000 Followers on Instagram to Book Their Next Gig
John Kerry presented with potatoes and commemorative T-shirt in Russia
OC School Officials Threaten To Cancel Prom If Students Hold NFL-Style Draft To Select Dates
Man Who Would Rather Go Blind Than Get Obamacare Now Going Blind
Fitness-Supplement Company under Fire for Using a Fit Person in an Advertisement
Boston University Professor Saida Grundy Under Fire For 'Racist Anti-White People' Tweets
Man Kills Imaginary Friend, Turns Self In, Takes World's Saddest Mug Shot
Thom Yorke's picture appears in Iranian book about sex and relationship problems
Man murders stepfather with "Atomic Wedgie".
Man who would rather go blind than get obamacare is now going blind
Justin Bieber Admits He Was 'Disappointed' in Himself
Woman Who Didn't Know She Was Pregnant Gives Birth on Flight
5,000 'call for north of England to join Scotland'
Anti-Gay Protesters Have Been Accidentally Directing Visitors To A Hardcore Porn Site For Weeks
These homophobes have been unknowingly advertising a gay porn site
Man pleads guilty in "atomic wedgie death"
Sex with car? Don't mind if I do!!
Geoff Gaylord: Man Turns Himself In For Murdering Imaginary Friend
Tiger Woods got tired of hitting the hole in Vonn.
This Talk Show Tricked A 13-Year-Old Into Thinking She Would Be Reunited With Her Estranged Mom
Wes Anderson designed a cafe in Milan because why not
Man Claims He Shot At George Zimmerman In Self-Defense
Robber arrested after returning to complain that the gold chain he stole was fake
Anti-gay Protestors Unwittingly Directing People To Hardcore Gay Porn Site
Flight Out of Atlantic City Delayed Due to Lack of TSA Agents
Uzbek Dictator Shifts From Boiling People to Freezing Them
Greek finance minister responds to claim that wife was inspiration behind Pulp hit
Stephen Hawking announced for kids tent at Glastonbury Festival 2015
Slap Bracelet Inventor Donates To Students Who Accidentally Received Nude Photos As Reward.
Baltimore police: Cop bit man in testicles
Women who gave birth on flight didn't know she was pregnant
Man pleads guilty in death by wedgie case
MILITANT VEGETARIAN ATTACKED MEN WITH KNIFE BECAUSE THEY WERE EATING MEAT IN PUBLIC
No-one knows why Thom Yorke is on the cover of this Iranian sex manual
Paedophile Political Party Launched In Netherlands.
Conservative opponent in Justin Trudeau's riding resigns after admitting he was just in it as an art project
Two arrested for hauling baby on trailer attached to moped during Tropical Storm Ana
North Korea executes defence chief for napping at military event (with an antiaircraft gun)
Xu hướng thiết kế nhà bếp đẹp hiện nay
Conservative candidate resigns amid reports Montreal candidacy was part of art project
Florida Man Tries To Cash $368 BILLION Check, And That's Not The Weird Part
Xu hướng thiết kế kiến trúc biệt thự ấn tượng trong năm 2015
Man Turns Himself In For Murdering Imaginary Friend
Indiana Church Plans Pot-Smoking Worship Service in Test of Religious Freedom
Group of idiots on internet donate money to much richer person
Camberley man, 51, sneezes out childhood toy dart end
Guy tattooed his face with website URLs in exchange for money.
Black professor regrets racist comment
Surprise birth on Air Canada flight detailed by shocked BC parents
Get naked or fail: Professor requires students to take final in the nude
Polygraph critic goes on trial as part of 'Operation Lie Busters' federal inquiry
Man Pleads Guilty To Manslaughter After Killing His Stepfather With An "Atomic Wedgie"
Kim Jong Un Purges Defense Chief for Napping
In "atomic wedgie" case, man pleads guilty to manslaughter
Defendant tells judge that he was speeding away from college age girls who were pursuing him like "hungry cougars"
TV show issues apology after tricking 13-year-old into thinking she was about to meet her long lost mother
Oklahoma Man Pleads Guilty To Manslaughter In 'Atomic Wedgie' Case
Your attention span is now less than that of goldfish, Microsoft says
Baltimore Orioles Fans Signs: "Our Birds Matter," "No Baseball, No Peace"
Student Suing Misericordia University Officials After Failing to Pass Course
Ananta Bijoy Das: Yet another Bangladeshi blogger hacked to death
Sixers unveil new logos featuring swagged-out, dribbling Ben Franklin
Women in labor surprised with TLC game show 'Labor Games'
Police issue warning: Don't chase bears while drunk
Chevrolet Would Like Man U Players to Drive the Free Cars they Gave Them, Please (x-post /r/reddevils)
Dr. Phil Kidd: Preacher Says God 'Sheltered' Him In Car Crash - His Wife, However, Broke Her Back
Chinese driver fined for speeding 21 times 'misread speedometer'
Chevrolet Would Like Man U Players to Drive the Free Cars they Gave Them, Please
This way if you are gay, Russian submarine.
Abbott signs bill exempting thousands of high school seniors from graduation exams
ISIS demolishing ruins to cover up for looting
Pizza delivery boy stabbed while delivering to local emergency room.
Woman charged with contaminating roommate's milk with skin shavings from feet
Stephen Hawking Tries to Reassure One Direction Fans About Zayn Malik's Departure Via Hologram
Police: Please don't drunkenly chase a bear with a hatchet, no but seriously though
Ice in hotel fridge turns out to be block of methamphetamine, police say
North Korean Defense Minister Executed by Antiaircraft Fire
Dr. Kanye West Mocks George W. Bush
Stephen Hawking, Via Hologram, Tries to Reassure One Direction Fans About Zayn Malik's Departure
Kansas store owner bids farewell to 'commies' in 'Obamaville'
Pennsylvania university student suing school after failing required class twice
Robbery suspect actually used dollar sign bag.
Selfie-obsessed Romanian teen burst into flames when she touched live wire while trying to take the 'ultimate' photograph of herself on top of a train's roof
Rand Paul tweets fake Hillary Clinton to-do list
Talk show told 13-year-old that she is about to meet long-lost mom, but is then presented with man in drag
TV show tricks teen into believing she will be reunited with lost mum, but is then presented with man in drag
Roller coaster built to show home at open house
Nigel Farage takes job back to prevent immigrant from stealing it (X-post r/europe)
Former Japanese porn star passes Go with Chinese businessman
Iraq Counts on Magic Wands to Stop ISIS
North Korea Reportedly Executes Its Defense Minister for Dozing Off at a Military Event
Surprise birth on Air Canada flight detailed by shocked B.C. parents
Sweden wants to scare away Russian submarines with gay propaganda. Underwater defense system sends out " this way if your gay" in morse code
A new Swedish message to Russian submarines: 'This way if you are gay.'
Goldsmiths Union insists it isn't racist or sexist... after their diversity officer Bahar Mustafa banned white people from equality event
Reporter gets someone fired because she can't take a joke: Fuck her right in the pussy!
Man 'demands' snake back from prophet at police station
North Korean Defense Minister Executed for Falling Asleep at Military Events.
University Report: A Room Full of White People Is a Microaggression
Angry Brides-To-Be Storm Shop After Failing To Receive Dresses They Ordered
Sweden to combat Russian subs with underwater gay neon sign
Cocaine-eating butterflies proposed to replace herbicides in Colombia
Vienna brings in gay-themed crossing lights for Eurovision Song Contest
5 comments Drunk bear-chaser was trying to protect school children, police say
Drunk bear-chaser was trying to protect school children, police say
Florida Man Turns Himself After Killing Imaginary Friend
Old Man Kicked Out of Retirement Home for Hiding Prostitutes Under His Bed
Pastor Tries To Be Jesus & Walk On Water, Ends Up Drowning In Front Of Congregation
Feds say Oregon tax firm figures sold bulk marijuana, ripped off porn shop heirs and Olympic snowboarder Danny Kass. xpost from r/portland
'Gay Panic' Is Still a Murder Defense in Some States of Australia.
In 'atomic wedgie' case, McLoud man pleads guilty to manslaughter
Lad sues Nando's for meal not being 'cheeky' enough
Game Show Has Contestants Blow Cockroaches into Each Other's Mouth
Upstate NY ex-postal carrier faces prison for dumping Bed Bath & Beyond ads
'Black Money is Racist, Call it Dirty Money', Say Lawmakers
Trail of macaroni salad leads cops to burglars
Report: Sepp Blatter Too Afraid Of The FBI To Enter The United States
North Korea executes defence chief with anti-aircraft gun
Man robbed credit union for girlfriend's bail money, police say
Robert Suchan, Tupperware Drag Queen, Makes $250,000 A Year By Dressing Up As A Woman
Jordanian gynaecologist leaves cell phone in patient's abdomen
North Korea 'executes' top minister with anti-aircraft gun for sleeping during meeting
Woman lights car on fire after man refuses to give her a cigarette
chicken grows face of dinosour
Student Sues University after Failing Course Twice
Washington woman says she was 'well within her rights' to shoot at husband for not doing chores
Is Prince Harry the new Bridget Jones?
Army veteran smashes window of hot car to save dog, gets arrested
Conservative Canadian politician turns out to be performance artist playing prank after 15 years in the party
4 black officers held at gunpoint by police
Leatherhead station bomb scare caused by large rock
95-year-old man finishes college after starting 75 years ago.
LS, RS pass black money bill; but RS members say term 'black money' is racist
Man Pleads Guilty to Giving Deadly Wedgie
Don't drunkenly chase bears with hatchets, police department advises
Police advise against drunkenly chasing bears with hatchets, 'going all Davy Crockett'
Spy agency: North Korea executes its defense chief with anti-aircraft guns
Failed Kansas Business Owner Mocks Democrats While Displaying 61 Star Flag
Man comes home to thief sleeping on couch
Why did Russia give US secretary of state John Kerry potatoes?
As women take majority on Austin City Council, staff warned to expect more questions, longer talks.
Free money ignored in Manchester social experiment
Cambodian TV show brings girl on to reunite with her mother, not actually mom but comedian in drag, it's just a prank bro
Please don't drunkenly chase the bears, Massachusetts police urge
A toilet saves a marriage!
Please don't get drunk and chase bears, Massachusetts police urge
Men In Fedoras Wanted For Robbing Luxury Watch Store In Midtown
Man saves dog, but gets arrested anyway
Coming next week: Order pizza by emoji
Son threatened to kill 84-year-old mother, tied her with vacuum cord
Woman fired after disabling GPS on work phone
A Canadian Conservative Politician Was Actually a Performance Artist Playing a Decade-Long Prank
Man in pajama pants sets fire, causes crash 'looking for next wife'
Witness recounts man chasing bear with hatchet
Sweden deploying gay propaganda to deter russian submarines
Idaho schools warned not to force girls to wear dresses to graduation
Austrian Postal Workers Resort to Bribery With Dogs
Audrey Fitzpatrick - mother of missing teen Amy Fitzpatrick - marries Dave Mahon, who is accused of killing her son Dean - Independent.ie
Hawthorn Woods mayor ready to go 'Tiananmen Square' over Route 53 plan
Jetstar passenger furious after missing flight that left on time
Cutting a bug's penis shorter found to reduce reproduction chances
North Korea executes defense chief for falling asleep during meeting, South Korea's spy agency says
Kanye West gives graduation speech after receiving honorary doctoral degree in Chicago
Drug addict kills his imaginary friend and turns himself in to the police.
Only at Dreyfoos: Anti-gay slur sparks heady bathroom wall rebuttal
Britain is too tolerant and should interfere more in people's lives, says David Cameron
Swedish peace group launches gay sonar against Russian subs
Scientific study confirms hotboxing a room with weed totally works
Sweden: 'Gay sailor' sign to ward off foreign submarines
Florida hearse drivers fired after stopping at doughnut shop
Men's Rights Activist Site Calls For A Boycott Of 'Mad Max: Fury Road'
Elementary evacuated after students sickened by fog machine
Apple Could Make Money by Bailing Out Greece
Death by atomic wedgie: Man pleads guilty to manslaughter in stepfather's death
Pensioner Thrown Out Of Old People's Home After Prostitute Is Found Under His Bed
Tearing Down I-280 Freeway In SF Could Be 'Game Changer' For Commuters, Real Estate
Montco senior found with prostitute under bed at assisted living home, loses subsidy
Couple has sex at memorial for soldiers
House panel votes to cut Amtrak budget hours after deadly crash
N Korea Defence Chief 'Shot For Falling Asleep'
The Story So Far: Quebec to ban student strip searches - report
Man punches shark for biting him, like a true american
A Cambodian TV show has apologised after a cruel prank on a 13 year-old girl. Having not seen her mother in 7 years, the girl believed she was about to be reunited with her. Instead a comedian in drag walked out.
Body rolls from hearse at lights in pouring rain
Florida funeral home employees fired after Dunkin Donuts stop with veteran's body in hearse
51% of Americans believe storms affect cloud computing
Mitch McConnell: 'I love' being compared to a turtle
Pedro Martinez On Deflategate: Tom Brady Is A Really Juicy Mango
Ku Klux Klan Endorse Dr. Ben Carson for President - NYTimes
Driver puts on lip balm, gets pulled over by police
A wheelchair-ridden womans wins a treadmill on The Price Is Right
McConnell loves turtle comparisons
'Price is Right' contestant in wheelchair wins a treadmill
Woman Attacks Corpse of Her Boyfriend's Ex
'Historic' Ruling States That Abstinence-Only Sex Ed Isn't Sex Ed
The 8 Dumbest Things Donald Trump Has Tweeted In The Last Year
Police: Don't chase bears with hatchet while drunk
Nearly nude man tased at Tallahassee airport
Abstinence-only curriculum is not sex education, judge rules
Student sues university after failing to pass course twice
Once Pope Francis knows US capitalism he will love it, says Catholic theologian-economist
STUDENT SUES COLLEGE AFTER FAILING COURSE... TWICE
Man arrested after 'liking' mug shot on Facebook posts bond
Zoo Sorry For Naming Baby Monkey Charlotte
Melbourne nabs nude, bloody teen who said she's Satan
Alleged Coleford murder victim 'put vacuum cleaner up woman's bottom', court told
Swedish peace group trolls Russian submarines with gay defence system
102-Year-Old Grandma Blows Out Teeth While Blowing Out Birthday Candles
Mom Claims 8-Year-Old Son Ended Up in ER After 'Ruff' Hug From Pluto
Report: TSA Doesn't Know if Bomb-Detecting Machines Are 'Operational'
Canadians now have shorter attention span than goldfish thanks to portable devices: Microsoft study
5.3 million Iowa chicken must be destroyed
Seattle elephants reach new home in Oklahoma City
Domino's is letting customers order pizza by tweeting an emoji
Police: No chasing bears with dull hatchets while drunk
Kentucky sheriff glad shooting victim was white: 'We do not want any backlash or violence'
President Meant No Offense in Calling Elizabeth Warren by Her First Name, White House Says
Senior loses Montco housing subsidy after prostitute is found under his bed
2 Million Americans Still Use AOL's Dial-Up Internet
Thom Yorke is on the cover of an Iranian sex manual and no one knows why
Police: Infant found dead at Nottingham High School
This Japanese Non-Profit Service 'Helps' 30-Year-Old Women Lose Their Virginity
North Korea Said to Execute a Top Official, With an Antiaircraft Gun
You can go to jail for doing citizen science in Wyoming
Goldmine on Fire Sale! It's Cheaper Than a House in Sydney
This Japanese Service 'Helps' 30-Year-Old Women Lose Their Virginity
Men high on drugs in Barrie call 911 for help getting out of bush
'Wow.. he's got his own teeth': Hot Jeremy Kyle guest has viewers in shock
Zayn Malik 'Still In 1D ... In Another Universe'
comments Panama City Beach votes to ban alcohol on the beach during spring break 2016
Father's eviction notice ends with Pit Bulls shot & SWAT Team called
No U-turn sign in Westfield knocked over by truck pulling U-turn: police
NSB Woman Arrested For DUI While Breast Feeding Baby
Baltimore Pastor Complains: Economy So Bad Rioters Found Only One Chain Store to Burn
Lady Vegan Says: Men Should Be Sterilized Unless They Get A Procreation License
French bar owner charged after man dies drinking at least 56 shots
Patron downs 56 shots, shooters in fatal drinking game; French bar owner on trial for death
Man pleads guilty to death by atomic wedgie
Chinese police find 51 construction workers in 6-seater minibus
'Singing Sailor' uses anti-homophobia Morse code to deter Russian military
Mom breastfeeding while being arrested for driving drunk, Volusia deputies say
'Hookerville' sparks City Council free speech debate
Burger King employee dumps oil into storm drain.
Vatican recognises Palestine, "immediately sparking Israeli ire and accusations that the move hurt peace prospects."
Kiev Demands Russia Pay $350 Billion for Destruction Caused by Its Own Aggression Caused in Donbass | Global Research
Kiev Demands Russia Pay $350 Billion for Destruction Caused by Its Own Aggression
Hearse Drivers Fired After Stopping For Coffee
A Cambodian TV show promising to reunite a 13-year-old girl with her long-lost mother - only "mom" turned out to be a comedian in drag.
Vatican officially recognizes state of Palestine, leaving Israel 'disappointed'
There is a 5-on-5 MMA fighting league, which is a horrible idea
Allen West Thought He Was The Victim Of "Sharia Law" At Walmart (He Wasn't)
Woman Sells Husband After He Didn't Say 'Happy Mother's Day'
Johnny Depp's Dogs Threatened To Be Put Down By Australian Authority
Pennsylvania nursing student sues Misericordia University after failing course twice: lawsuit
MILF forms political party, to participate in 2016 elections
Nude man from Pennsylvania steals car, says Paul Walker is in trunk
Bill O'Reilly Blames Hip-Hop for Decline in U.S. Christianity.
Johnny Depp's dogs face death in Australia
"Magic" Goat Arrested for Armed Robbery
Fox News blurs out breasts on record-breaking Pablo Picasso artwork
UN climate chief: Communism is best to fight global warming
Johnny Depp's dogs Boo and Pistol could be put down if they stay in Australia
Woman Claims Bad Customer Service Gave Her A Heart Attack
Barnaby Joyce Is Straight-Up Threatening To Murder Johnny Depp's Two Little Dogs
Johnny Depp's dogs must 'bugger off' to US or face death for entering Australia
Trail of Macaroni Salad Helps Police Nab 3 Suspected Burglars
Elderly Man with Cancer Calls 911 because He Has No Food
Young mother froze to death in primary school doorway after getting stuck on shortcut because she was too high on cocaine and cannabis to climb fence
Hearse with veteran's flag-draped coffin left in parking lot outside Pasco Dunkin' Donuts
Two lost and stoned men call 911 to get out of Barrie bush
Atlanta review board to suspend its "Don't-run" from cops campaign
Police express relief that perp shot by cop was white.
Brother of alleged gun smugglers denies pizza store's role in plot
More than half of Russians see America as a threat, and many fear US military invasion
Oklahoma man who killed stepfather with 'atomic wedgie' pleads guilty to manslaughter
DOPE DIRECTOR RICK FAMUYIWA ALSO REPORTEDLY EYED FOR BLACK PANTHER
Handbag Trendy Design Fashion Bag Ladies Bags - Buy Fashion Bag Ladies Bags,Fashion Shoulder Bag For Lady,Handbags Bags Ladies Product on Alibaba.com
Boy goes on rampage after video game system taken away.
Italian police open headquarters in former mafia hideout
Innocent man jailed for 29 years for attempted rape is pardoned after it's revealed he was convicted because he looked just like sex offender who DID commit the crime
Ukrainians petition Facebook against 'Russian trolls'
Riksbank Suffers Godfather Moment as Deflation Pulls It Back In.
Man pleads guilty in stepfather's 'atomic wedgie' death
Public Safety Governor pardons Va. man in prison 29 years in case of mistaken identity
Architects enter orangutan enclosure at Perth Zoo into a major international housing award
Police Officer punished for sending an anime reaction image to supervisor
Tom Hardy Says He Would've Sold His Mom For Crack During His Low Point
'Mad Max's' Tom Hardy: 'I would have sold my mother for a rock of crack'
Video: Police use tape to protect people from swarm of bees
Grandmother tells of shock as bare-chested yob drops jeans and pants in street and simulates sex with bollard
With AOL Deal, Verizon Seeks to Shed Stodgy Image
Pet Tortoises Set Owner's House On Fire
'Two-finger' virginity test for female Indonesian military applicants
This painting just sold for $46.5 million at Sotheby's in New York. It's entitled "Untitled (Yellow and Blue)". The author clearly doesn't give a fuck anymore.
Australia tells Johnny Depp: It's time your dogs 'buggered off'
Gay couple offended by 'homophobic' road named Bangays Way
Australia threatens to kill Johnny Depp's dogs
Pet Tortoises Set Owner's House On Fire; Loss Of Thousands Of Pounds Incurred
Chicken grows face of a dinosaur
New Tory disabilities minister opposed protecting benefits for disabled children and cancer patients
Purina Employee Arrested for Stealing and Eating Over $30,000 of Dog Biscuits
Two Baltimore City Jail Correctional Officers Caught On Video Looting A 7-11
Don't drink and chase bears with hatchets, warn Massachussetts police
Thieves steal palm trees
Maryland woman charged with placing skin shavings in roommate's milk
Fatal error in a polish hospital. Surgeons removed a healthy kidney.
Mad Max: Fury Road enrages Men's Rights Activists who claim they are being 'duped by explosions' into watching 'feminist propaganda'
Patient has healthy kidney removed in hospital mix-up
Australian Government Threatens to Kill Johnny Depp's Dogs
Police Officer Lands in Hot Water After Sending Clannad Meme Image with Racial Pejorative
Russian official says Ukraine's eastern regions may opt for Crimean pathway
Thousands sign petition calling for north of England to be part of Scotland
1 Year, 1 Radio Station & 13 Million Likes
Congress debated cutting Amtrak's funding by 18% hours after train crash
People in California are actually painting their grass green due to the drought
Drug dealer who swallowed stash breaks 'record' for refusing toilet
China police find 50 in 6-seater van
Drug dealer took 23 days to pass crack stashed up bottom
Fox news station blurs out breasts on record-breaking Pablo Picasso artwork
'I put in white tenants': Brooklyn landlord pays black people to leave
Sweden setting up public benefits,services and ear marked jobs for returning ISIS/Jihadi fighters for an easier transition back to normal life. Translation of Chapter 2, section D in comments.
New Jersey sends callers to a sex line by mistake
Pranksters plant tree in front of high school pitcher's mound
Woman Says A Doctor Left A Cell Phone Inside Her After Delivering Baby
Three sisters convicted over human excreta
The great bake sale debate nears an end as state House votes to allow sweet fundraisers in schools
Run for the hills! "Breakup Prevention Kits" complete with condom hole-pokers on sale in Japan
Austin greets first majority-female city council session with special training on dealing with women
Kentucky Sheriff On Shooting In County "We Are Just Glad The Victim Is White... We Don't Want Any Backlash"
Sheldon Adelson Receives a George W. Bush Original Painting
My Dad Tried to Kill Me with an Alligator
Bear 'Buries Woman Alive To Eat Her Later'
Swedish peace activists deploy 'gay sailor' to deter Russian submarines
I Sent Every Girl I've Ever Slept with a Survey to Find Out How Good I Am in Bed
Georgia Principal Nancy Gordeuk Fired Over Racist Graduation Remarks, Blames Devil.
Barrie teenagers call 911 after taking drugs, getting lost in the woods - 2 men found 'silently staring off into the sky'
Casselberry police officer punished for text message to supervisor.(x-post from /r/Anime)
Islamic school passes fatwas on terrorism and body waxing
Toilet seats glow to help you go
Anti-Gay Site Forgets To Register Domain, Gets Redirected To Gay Porn
Tom Brady's deflated balls are nothing compared to the magic sword of Russia
This just in: Wildfire Awareness Week was last week
Police: Man enraged by lack of mac 'n cheese
Hearse stops for doughnuts, leaves veteran's coffin in parking lot
In case anyone is looking to live with a bunch of incredibly judgmental and pretentious d-bags- here's a cool castle looking for some roomies.
The Simpsons loses the voice of Ned Flanders, Mr. Burns, and Principal Skinner as Harry Shearer quits
'I'm drinking and smoking because my unborn baby is a BOY': Pregnant model who had boob job on the NHS says she would have had an abortion if she'd known it wasn't a girl
Woman claims to have world's longest tongue
"Sexually Sick" FOX News covers up breasts and genitals in Pablo Picasso's Women of Algiers
Kentucky Sheriff On Suspect Shot By Deputy: 'We Are Glad That He Is White'
Pregnant NHS boob job model Josie Cunningham won't stop smoking because she's having baby boy
ISIS wedding certificate shows jihadi bride demanding right to be a suicide bomber as condition of getting married
Guy sneezes out toy wedged in nose for 44 years
Drivers get coffee, leave hearse with veteran's flag-draped coffin in parking lot
Community of Excellence - 3 miles from Stanford
Slicing off a bug's penis is bad for reproduction, study concludes
London to introduce dog poo DNA testing in bid to get one over 1984
Will we ever be ready for King Charles III?
Nursing student fails required course twice, sues the university
Ex-Ex-Gay Minister Marries Male Partner
Police cite NY man enraged by lack of macaroni and cheese at Pennsylvania Turnpike rest stop
Fox News blurred out the breasts on a £115million Picasso painting for some reason .
Students at Riverview school steal money raised for prom
Gay couple outraged over 'homophobic' road named Bangays Way
Don't run from aggressive dogs, state dog warden warns mail carriers
David Cameron gives backing to £15million Thatcher museum
Burundi coup 'just a joke' says Aide
It's enough to make you feel ancient! Mother films son's confused reaction after seeing a phone booth for the first time
Hardee's is rolling out a new burger for the summer to celebrate America
For too long, we have been a passively tolerant society, saying to our citizens: as long as you obey the law, we will leave you alone.
Funeral workers stop at Dunkin Donuts while delivering Veterans body.
Georgia Principal Nancy Gordeuk Fired Over Racist Graduation Remarks, Blames Devil [VIDEO]
Panama City Beach agrees to ban drinking on beach during Spring Break.
Police: Mom, 5-year-old rode on roof of speeding car
15 thousand UK students are headed to a flute recital in California.
Body Cam: Cop dragged by suspect's car, almost gets crushed by back wheel
Man accidentally kills stepfather with "atomic wedgie."
We Are The World rendition ends Nato meeting in Turkey
Doctor Forgets Mobile Phone Inside Woman's Stomach After Surgery and She Only Found Out After It Vibrated
What the dying want you to know
A Swedish Official Wants To Use Taxpayer Funds To Help ISIS Soldiers Come Home
Dane Cook permanently banned from the Laugh Factory, source says
Casselberry police officer punished for text message to supervisor
Jeb Bush wants to replace Obamacare with Apple Watch apps
The Company Behind ".Sucks" Domain is Threatening to Sue the People who Say It Sucks
"Men's Rights Activists" Call For Boycott of 'Mad Max: Fury Road' Citing Feminist Agenda
Texas stripper asks police to protect her from conservative Christian state senator and his spying minions
reddit announces sitewide effort to enforce new anti-harassment rules
Woman sues herself for damages after causing crash that killed her husband
British man sneezes out toy dart stuck up his nose for four decades
Texas stripper requests police protection from conservative Christian state senator
Glidden Literally Asks People to Watch Paint Dry on Periscope
Oklahoma man pleads guilty in stepfather's 'atomic wedgie' death
The Patriots claim the equipment manager was called 'deflator' because he wanted to lose weight
Patriots: Ball boy called self 'Deflator' because wanted to lose weight
Kid Sees a Payphone for the First Time, Has No Idea What It Is
'Take us with you, Scotland' say thousands in North of England
Widow says Southwest didn't let her call suicidal husband.
Man says he didn't mean to kill stepdad with fatal wedgie
McCain appointed to Ukraine reform advisory team headed by fugitive Georgian ex-leader
Racist Muslim Lesbian Says She Can't Be a Racist Because She is a Minority
Evander Holyfield and Mitt Romney strip down for boxing's fight of the century
New Age Religion Led By Teen Heartthrob Busted For Kombucha
Real estate agent on trial for beating his wife, did it to keep her from shopping
What Might Make Young People Practice Safe Sex? Lottery Tickets!
Gynecologist accused of leaving cell phone in patient's belly.
Montreal Alouettes' Khalif Mitchell says he believes the Holocaust happened after posting Holocaust denial video on Twitter
Fiery Boehner Erupts over Amtrak Claims
India's Military Cannot Fight Wars Lasting Longer than 20 Days: A recent report by the Indian government points to an 'ammunition crisis' in the India Army.
Gynecologist accused of leaving phone inside patient's belly
Canadian politics stunned as Conservative Party candidate reveals he is a performance artist looking to 'mess with' them
Important Advice From the CDC: Don't Poop in the Pool
Southwest Refused Woman's Plea to Call Her Husband Before His Suicide
Science Paper On Fruit Flies Has More Than 1,000 Authors
11 Things Ultra-Productive People Do Differently - Forbes
Fox News station blurs out breasts on Picasso painting
Human Barbie Is Back -- And Wait Until You See Her Unbelievable Abs Now!
Artist paints beautiful Kim Kardashian portrait with his penis
Woman posts husband for sale on Facebook.
Goatgate Scandal Rocks Navy Cruiser
CNN: Jeb Bush cites Apple watch as antidote to Obamacare
Dutch psychologist links homosexuality to conspiracy theories
The FBI's most-wanted man for digital piracy thinks he has solved illegal movie streaming
Sons sold cocaine as Tampa Deeper Life pastors ministered to addicts
Saskatchewan woman charged with assault in drunken game of Monopoly
Goldfish have better attention spans than you do
Rick Santorum: Men Who Father Children With Multiple Women Are "Sexual Predators"
Men's rights activists boycott Mad Max
Cell Phone Found In Girl's Uterus - SourceFed
According to Indian court, you cannot demand a paternity test if the child was conceived during marriage. According to wife the birth of a child during the time of a valid marriage is proof that the child is legitimate
Pawtucket man accused of cyberstalking student despite restraining order.
Shiite anti-Sunni Rhetoric: Wahhabi Fatwa Allows Sodomy for Jihad Purposes
As Train Crash Death Toll Reaches 7, GOP Votes to Cut Amtrak Budget by $250M & Delay Safety Upgrades
Photographer Stalks the Woman Who Stole Her Identity and Turns Her Into Art
High school boy accepted to all 7 Ivy League schools opts to attend the University of Alabama
Disney has a movie in the works about a white man who buys land in Sudan so that his daughter can be a princess
Mitt ROmney vs Holyfield fight tomorrow night
Romney, Holyfield trash-talk ahead of Friday boxing match
Highschool anti-abortion group is called "Spartans for Life"
Wait, what?! Gynecologist accidentally leaves mobile phone in patient following a C-section
Mad Max: Fury Road enrages Men's Rights Activists who claim they are being duped into watching 'feminist propaganda'
Mom in circumcision fight found, jailed
Monster Shark Chomps White Shark in Half
M. Night Shyamalan Made a TV Show, and It's Riveting
The next Disney princess: A white girl from Virginia who colonizes territory in Sudan
Homosexuality a Factor in Amtrak Crash, Says Anti-Gay Pundit
Kalyan youth killed 55, then left ISIS because he was not paid
Now You Can Use Emojis To Order Domino's Pizza
Video: Man Kills Stepfather with 'Atomic Wedgie'
Drilling begins 3 miles from epicenter of BP oil spill
Oklahoma man who killed stepdad with 'atomic wedgie' says fight 'got out of hand'
Một số cách giúp tối giản trong kiến trúc biệt thự đẹp
Seymour Hersh Slams Establishment Media: "I Am Not Backing Off Anything I Said"
Man enraged by lack of mac 'n cheese on Pennsylvania Turnpike
Comedian Moshe Kasher sets up Go Fund Me page to help pay his rent
Museum of the Bible under construction in Washington
Saudi Arabia wins U.N. Human Rights Council seat
Ben Carson Loses A Tooth At South Carolina Campaign Stop
Johnny Depp's dogs 'to leave Australia' after death threat
Man Punches Bear In The Face To Save His Tiny Dog
Homeless man in San Diego area likely not missing Harvard graduate
Handbag Fashionable Colorful Ladies Fashion Bags - Buy Colorful Ladies Fashion Bags,Casual Lady Bag,Fashion Ladies Handbag Bag Product on Alibaba.com
North Korea celebrates its 'long history of magic'
San Antonio megachurch pastor John Hagee warns against scam involving social media impersonators
Candy Crush Saga will be automatically installed on Windows 10
Johnny Depp's dogs taking night flight home to avoid Australia death threat
Luton lollipop man sacked for stopping fire engine
Homosexual villagers outraged at 'Bangays' street name
Woman Who Offered Herself Along With Her House Finds a Buyer (and Husband)
Nursing student sues university after failing class twice
Steamy Hot, Man-On-Man Sex Is The Cause Of California's Mega-Drought Says Christian Radio Host
Bank robbery defendant Andrew Gilbertson takes witness stand in trial, eats feces
Man murders his imaginary friends, turns himself in.
Is this the strangest channel on YouTube?
Blue Bell listeria scare creates black market for ice cream
U2 guitarist The Edge falls off edge of stage mid-song as band begin world tour - watch
Archaeologists Discover 18th Century Sex Toy in Poland
Ontario principal advised students not to dress 'skanky'
French mayor seeks to ban Islam in France
Wells Fargo fried by atheists' United Church of Bacon protests
North Korea: Music group's songs more important than food supply for the country
Pregnancy 'isn't a handicap,' says woman over parking woes (then demands right to park in disabled parking spots).
Pedestrian hit by own car
A Man Got Hit By A Stork, Now He Is Suing The Government!
Man Throws Milk At 2 Women Taking Selfies in Subway Station, Police Say
The Edge falls off the edge of the stage during U2 Vancouver tour opener
Pittsburgh police seek driver who pepper-sprayed school bus
Massachusetts police: Don't chase bears with hatchet while drunk
Stripper Requests Protection From Anti-Gay Texas State Senator
Man Murders His Imaginary Friend & Then Turns Himself In
ISIS: Terror group jail men because they shaved - and if they do it again they'll be BEHEADED
Hamas Holds UK Responsible for Israel's Existence
Pressed on Syria Crossing Red Lines, Obama Says Chlorine isn't 'Historically' a Chemical Weapon
wash visit goes terribly wrong; Porsche destroyed
Car wash visit goes terribly wrong; Porsche destroyed
Chinese billionaire pays £5million to hire Japanese porn star as his 'personal assistant' for 15 years
This 81-year-old Army veteran called 911 because he was hungry
Man baffled after killing stepdad with 'atomic wedgie'
It's a boy, incredibly, for the 13th time in a row for Michigan couple
Kazakhstan: Villagers put Stalin back on pedestal
Jeb Bush sees Apple Watch as part of anti-Obamacare plan
"Columbia students claim greek mythology needs a trigger warning" x-post from r/news
Russian Official Defends 'Shriveled 27-Year-Old Women' Comments
Former Massachusetts Governor and two-time presidential candidate Mitt Romney and five-time heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield stare down during weigh-in before their boxing match
B&B owner accidentally buys nearly 50% of oil company
U2 guitarist The Edge falls off edge of stage in Vancouver
Mother jailed for trying to save her four year old son from circumcision.
Hamas: UK Should Pay Us Reparations for Israel's Existence
NSA chief: I didn't lie to Congress about spying on millions of Americans-I just forgot about it
Florida man ran over a family of ducklings as a human family watched in horror
Rush Limbaugh Tells Businesses To Blame Anti-Gay Bigotry On Muslims
Naked-and high-woman stops traffic & diddles herself on top of strangers' car
Disney under fire for fairytale film based on true story of American dad who claimed African land to make daughter a princess
An architect wants to build an underwater tennis court in Dubai
Man says he didn't mean to kill stepdad with underwear
Help! I'm accidentally stealing people's identities and I don't know how to stop
Mitt Romney Will Fight Evander Holyfield in Charity Boxing Match
Banned football manager watches game from crane's basket
Elon Musk's nightmare: A Google robot army annihilating mankind
Merrimack police seek to identify mysterious goats
Kansas officials urge schools to teach financial literacy
Teen heartthrob-turned-New Age guru busted for selling unlicensed kombucha in the most LA crime ever
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard's dogs flee Australia just hours before death sentence deadline
SUV Driver Who Killed Pedestrian Says Victim "Ran Into My Car"
It's raining spiders in Australia and everyone is terrified
Ancient 'Hindus' had invented flying machines 7000 to 9000 years ago
Gavin McInnes, Fox News Guest, Says Women Are 'Less Ambitious' And 'Happier At Home'
George Zimmerman is considering moving out of Florida, sick of 'trouble'
Mitt Romney Fights Evander Holyfield in Salt Lake City for Charity
SUV Driver Who Killed UES Man Says Victim "Ran Into My Car"
Feds say Oregon tax firm figures sold bulk marijuana, ripped off porn shop heirs and Olympic snowboarder Danny Kass
Modern samurai fight it out with Star Wars-style lightsabers
Human attention span is now shorter than a goldfish's: study
Garbage truck stops flaming 'hot load' in Long Lake, Minn.
Garbage truck drops flaming 'hot load' in Long Lake, Minn.
Man fined for calling police officer 'a frying pan'
Jeb Bush cites Apple Watch in Obamacare answer - CNNPolitics.com
Wyoming outlaws citizen science, bans photos of Yellowstone
Florida woman who fled to avoid son's circumcision is arrested
Fox News contributor: Amtrak engineer's sexuality 'a factor' in crash
Teacher rewards students with '50 Shades of Grey' screening
Men's Rights Activists boycott Mad Max: Fury Road because it is "feminist propaganda"
Shutting Down Piracy Sites Is Ineffective, European Commission Finds
Don't text 'beer' in Korea: Words that trigger teen alerts
Uber Launches Helicopter Service For the 68th Cannes Film Festival
UNDERCOVER INVESTIGATION: CROSSING GUARD CAUGHT NOT DOING HER JOB
Charge added for removal of toe, breasts in corpse vandalism case
Oklahoma woman charged with removing body parts from rival's corpse.
Wesley Willis Joyrides Into DC Comics As Wonder Woman's Half-Brother
Maybe The Simpsons would be better with new voice actors
Brittney Griner & Glory Johnson Newlyweds Suspended for Domestic Violence Read more: http://www.tmz.com/2015/05/15/britney-griner-glory-johnson-suspended-wnba-domestic-violence/#ixzz3aEDYf31u
Fla. Woman Who Fled to Avoid Son's Circumcision Is Arrested
California Woman Says She Was Fired for Disabling Work Phone GPS: Supervisor admits that employees would be monitored while off duty and bragged that he knew how fast she was driving at specific moments.
Feds Urged to Investigate Wisconsin Man Who Boasted in Video of Eating Endangered Karner Blue Butterfly
Student has police called him for "harassment" because he was waiting to see his advisor
The Edge falls off stage in Vancouver: 'I didn't see the edge'
Kennesaw State Student Told That Waiting For An Advisor Is 'Harassing'
Woman lied about abortion and gave man's baby to gay friend
Nine pupils at a Sheffield school have been taken to hospital after rumours mints they had eaten were actually ecstasy
Depp's dogs to flee Australia amid death threat
Mitt Romney and Evander Holyfield Get Ready To Rumble For Charity
Robin Thicke tells dad to stop having sex to his music
Mitt Romney To Fight Evander Holyfield. You Read That Right : It's All Politics : NPR
Police: Man applied for job, later robbed Dollar General
Celebrating McDonaldland: McDonald's weird, burger-filled '70s hellscape
Ontario teens take drugs in forest, get lost in daylight, call police to rescue them
Renowned feminist Carol Gilligan: What Anne Frank got wrong in her diary
IAS Officer in Soup for Receiving Modi With Sunglasses
Nine Sheffield school children taken to hospital after false ecstasy rumours
Man fined €850 after being found guilty of calling policeman 'a frying pan'
Mitt Romney To Fight Evander Holyfield in Boxing Match
Irresponsible Dog Owners Beware: Your Dog's Poop Is Now Subject To DNA Tests
Romney vs. Holyfield: Ready For Fight Night
Naked, Blood-Soaked Teen Allegedly High on Flakka to Cops: "I'M SATAN!"
Place your bets - Mitt Romney vs Evander Holyfield Tonight!
lSU builds 84 million L-S-U-shaped 'lazy river' as school consider bankruptcy
Columbia students claim Greek mythology needs a trigger warning
Police stop six-seater bus in China after it was spotted carrying 51 passengers - video
Mitt Romney To Fight Evander Holyfield. You Read That Right
'Typo' causes New Jersey officials to endorse sex hotline
Don't kid yourself: If you're not at Oxbridge, you're wasting your time
Mom in circumcision battle found, jailed in Florida
Wyoming just criminalized citizen science.
LSU facing 'dramatic' budget cuts while it builds lazy river
Whoops! State AG's office mistakenly directs callers to sex chat line, report says
Mitt Romney expects to be 'beaten but unbowed' after Evander Holyfield bout
Kentucky Sheriff 'Glad' That Suspect Shot in Car Chase Was White'
Viagra Could Stop Malaria: The Little Pill Hardens Blood Cells To Fight Off Parasites
God Is Sending Drought And Famine To Punish Us For Gay Marriage, Legal Abortion
Human Attention Span is Now Shorter Than a Goldfish's
Mitt Romney to Evander Holyfield: 'Be gentle with me'
Florida bar owner accused of pointing gun at black couple: 'Call Jesse Jackson, motherf*cker'
Oklahoma school concerned over dancing dead cats video
Nursing Student with Crippling Anxiety Sues University for Failing Her Twice
Police: Man enraged by lack of mac 'n cheese at rest stop
Ex-Tory councillor lies about being qualified barrister by forging degree certificate
Boy, 10, pepper-sprayed by Minneapolis police: 'At least I got Maced and not shot'
'We Are Not Our Stereotypes' Photo Series Reveals The Sides Of Sororities And Fraternities You Don't Know About
Sheriff Glad Suspect Shot by Deputies Was Not Black
Naked Pursuit Suspect in Custody After Rescue Off Redondo Beach
I was recognized in New York City for the first time while I was on Periscope
Robin Thicke is disgusted his father has sex to his music
Horse Leads Cops On Hoof Chase Straight To Olive Garden
Jihadi killed 55 people fighting for ISIS - but 'left terror group over unpaid wages'
Silicon Valley's 'Startup Castle' is looking for roommates, and the requirements are completely bonkers
Presidential Candidate O'Malley asked if knowing what we know now he would have declared war in 1812
National Geographic loves weed so much, they're devoting an entire print issue to it
Man pleads guilty to killing stepfather with 'atomic wedgie'
FBI and homeland security investigating Goatse billboard hijacking.
Gay couple outraged over 'homophobic' street called Bangays Way after popular historian who was 'pillar of community'
FBI investigating after pornographic image appears on billboard
'Sorry for any incontinence': This out of order toilet sign is unintentionally hilarious
Oklahoma man pleads guilty in 'atomic wedgie' death
Small-print disclaimer given to patient just before eye surgery 'unconscionable,' suit claims
Nigerian Restaurant Shut Down For Serving Human Flesh
VIAGRA COULD STOP MALARIA
A bit shellfish! Families caught on camera in mass BRAWL during Mother's Day special at Red Lobster
Old Man Kicked Out Of Nursing Home For Hiding Prostitute Under His Bed
Postal worker's heroic rescue bolsters campaign to save door-to-door delivery
Israeli sources: Israel willing to accept Iran deal for US compensation
Civil Engineers Support More Spending on Civil Engineering
How To Stay Cool As Fuck Forever, According To George Clinton
Woman Falls Into Donation Bin In Derby
Japan's porn industry faces a labour crisis, and Friday's other reasons to fear for humanity
Chinese traffic warden attacks pedestrian with a hammer for crossing on a red light
Delphinapterus Leucas in a small town
Forget Pizza, Students Watch '50 Shades' As A Reward
ISIS member with 55 kills 'left terror group over unpaid wages'
Swedish group deploys gay Morse code sign to deter Russian submarines
Florida Thief Thwarted by Jiu-Jitsu Class Next Door
Teenager dies attempting to take 'ultimate selfie' - [x-post r/worldnews]
Teenager dies attempting to take 'ultimate selfie'
Stoned Teens Get Lost in Park During Daytime.
Scientists Are Stopping Malaria With Viagra
Miami gets a taxpayer-funded homeless poop map
World War III will start with Pentagon bombing of RT - Kusturica
Penguin bondage book withdrawn from NZ pre-school
Man baffled after killing stepfather with 'atomic wedgie'
Humanity weeps as Candy Crush Saga comes preinstalled with Windows 10
A beaver walks in to an Alaska hardware store...
Confused kitten raises eyebrows as its look goes viral
Wisconsin GOP seeks to regulate what poor people are allowed to eat.
Fox News Guest So Vile & Sexist Even Hannity Cringes
Police Rescue Stoned Teens Who Got Lost in a Park in Broad Daylight
Mitt Romney sends Evander Holyfield to the mat before throwing in the towel
Reddit goes full sjw
Iceland: TV channel airs 24-hour lambing marathon
There is a house for sale in the Houston, TX area that has 46 bedrooms, 26 bathrooms and 9 garages. The cost? $3.5 million
Kennesaw State University Student Accused of Harassment for Sitting in a Waiting Room
Windows 10 to be the last version of Windows, until the next version
Woman climbs from car crash wreckage, hit by second vehicle operated by 24yo drunk driver on Gold Coast
New Zealand legally recognises animals as 'sentient' beings
Man Beaten up by Momo Vendor in Delhi for Asking for Extra 'Chutney'
Tony Abbott unveils 'blame Labor' billboards for Victorians stuck in traffic
Man hired hitman to kill daughter's boyfriend, police say
U2 Guitarist The Edge falls off the edge of stage during concert
9 year old girl gets cake with Little Tony instead of My Little Pony by mistake
Mitt Romney lasts 2 rounds against Holyfield in boxing match
Hotel restaurant in Nigeria shut down for serving human flesh
View of sour community-police relationships from the streets
A Simple Explanation Of 'The Internet Of Things'
Federal judge, reporting for (jury) duty, sir!
Florida woman finds out she's dead while updating driver's license
Tennessee Republican who pressured mistress to have abortion votes to restrict them for other women
DesJarlais, who supported ex-wife's abortions, votes for abortion ban
Woman gives birth in cafe, resumes online game
Election candidate who got no votes demands recount because he picked himself
Video App Domination Review Demo
This man is an absolute genius
A sex-mad tortoise is terrorising my family
Scientists developing 'angry AI' based on recorded calls of irate bank customers
Russian Pedestrians do not want to live
Ben Carson: Strip citizenship from non-citizens who vote
High School Teacher Screens Fifty Shades Of Grey In Classroom As Reward For Good Behavior
Mitt Romney and Evander Holyfield Fight It Out For Charity
Jeb Bush says the Apple Watch shows how we can eliminate Obamacare
Mitt Romney lasts two rounds against Evander Holyfield in ring
Ugandan Man Openly Admits To "Serious Raping" of Lesbians
Florida Times-Union places gun show ad near shooting story
Police: Beacon Hill carjacker couldn't drive a stick - Seattle 911
Is mural of girl feeding beaver at adult bookstore taboo?
Mitt Romney knocked down Evander Holyfield, but lost the boxing match
Pastor charged for knowingly spreading HIV to married woman, caught looking for love on blackpeoplemeet.com
Man accidentally kills step-father by giving him atomic wedgie.
chung cư 30000 tỷ
Traffic Warden Beats Pedestrian to Stupor for Ignoring Red Signal, In China
Cops Attack High School Student For Police Brutality Art
Kayaks overturn on Lake Brandt in Greensboro; no injuries reported.
Wisconsin GOP Pushes Food Stamp Shellfish Ban
PayPal Red Nose Day 1% Donation Match 2015
Israel to pay African refugees $3,500 to leave.
Israeli government to pay African refugees $3,500 to leave
Mitt Romney fights Evander Holyfield, looses.
Colombia bishop offends both believers and homosexuals
Substitute teacher allowed class to watch 'Fifty Shades'
Kennesaw State Student Accused of Harassment for Waiting on Meeting With Advisor
ASU Stiffs Obama, Claims Too Inexperienced For Honorary Degree
Leaders Of Venice Temple Upset About Recent Raid Over Kombucha Tea
CHP Officer Pulls Over Funeral Procession On The 10 Freeway For Traveling Too Slow
ASU to Obama: No degree for you
Evander Holyfield defeats Mitt Romney in the most ridiculous fight of the year
Vladimir Putin skates with retired NHLers, scores 8 goals
Atomic wedgie killer tells Oklahoma judge: 'It's like a bad dream'
guy smaskes wrong car as life imitates 'the big lebowski.'
Romney and Holyfield rumble in Salt Lake
Harvard accused of bias against Asian-Americans
Mitt Romney lasts 2 rounds with Evander Holyfield in charity boxing match
Prosecutor: Naked teen charged in bizarre Hamilton Twp. shooting
Putin puts his skates on for NHL, scores 8 goals
Mystery mogul buys porn star for $8M
Google Cars' 1 million miles with 0 accidents upsets media
FDA Approves Tranquilizer Darts for Children
Chinese businessman hires porn actress for $8 million: reports
Businessman Pays £5m To Have Popular Porn Star Be 'Exclusive' To Him
Husband used 'child's bat' because he didn't intend to kill: defence
Florida man ran over a family of ducklings while a human family watched in horror
Restaurant Shut Down for Serving Human Flesh
Harmless Sanrio Mascot Cinnamon Bullied on Twitter
DHS Enters Puberty, and Zits are the Least of its Problems
George W. Bush in SMU commencement speech: 'C' students, you too can be president
Evander Holyfield and Mitt Romney box for charity
Bullet Bounces Off of Victim's Face and Kills Robber
Russia's Putin plays with NHL veterans, scoring 8 goals
Jewish Times Greek town wants Star of David off Holocaust memorial
Greek town wants Star of David off Holocaust memorial
Vladimir Putin Scores 8 Goals During Hockey Game with Former NHL Players
This Anti-Gay Lawmaker Sure Has An Active Grindr Page
Putin plays with NHL veterans, scoring 8 goals
Bust of Putin as Roman emperor unveiled near St.Petersburg
Shopkeeper fends off robber using lollipops
Student demands to see exam before taking it
Russia's Putin plays with NHL veterans, scoring 8 goals in exhibition game in Sochi
Teachers using pens and paper in the classroom "not fair" to students, Microsoft official says
Chechnya's leader gives approval for 46-year-old police chief to wed 17-year-old girl in forced marriage
Too Many Black Students Suspended Leads Oakland Schools To Stop Punishment
Microsoft Execs Expressed 'Shock and Disbelief' at Internet Address Shortage
Hospital CEO spotted masturbating outside Woodburn Bi-Mart, authorities say
Parents warn of man riding through Chesterfield neighborhood wearing surgical gloves
Man without PENIS who has bedded 100 women speaks out: 'I am sick of living a lie'
Obama Criticizes Sending Children to Private Schools when He and His Children went to Private School
Sociological feminist fart study results
French Jewish Woman Assalted In Paris Suburb By 3 Men Shouting 'Hitler Didn't Finish The Job'
'Gay sailor' to deter Russian subs from Swedish waters
"People just started shooting at us:" Five people shot at vigil on Milwaukee's north side
New Study Says There's No Such Thing As Healthy Obesity
Holy cow! Gored again, by essay and sums
Prosecutor: Naked teen was intent on rape
Indonesia urged to end 'two-finger virginity tests' for women applying to join the military
Comedy Movies 2015 Full Movie English Hollywood (MUST WATCH) New Horror ...
Sri Lankan workers to be deported for protesting
Couple caught having `porn movie` like sex in family park
Al Sharpton's daughter sues city for $5M after spraining ankle
Men jailed for shaving driver's head, moustache in Qatar
Spiders Rain Down On Australia: Millions Reportedly Descended From Sky On Town
Vladimir Putin scores 8 goals against former NHL players in exhibition hockey game
Schoolchildren rushed to hospital after taking 'ecstasy'... which turned out to be some mints Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2015/05/15/schoolchildren-rushed-to-hospital-after-taking-ecstasy-which-turned-out-to-be-some-mints-5199979/#ixzz3aOcj6tHh
Aldi's been serving halal meat that contains pork
Sorcerer caught at Dubai Airport with 20 belts around his waist [x-post /r/dubai]
New 'fire challenge' craze is deadly, parents warn
Redskins' undrafted quarterback prospect, Connor Halliday, retires on eve of rookie minicamp, according to source
Redskins rookie QB Connor Halliday retires before first practice
Prince Harry: "I dread to think where I'd be without the Army."
Prince Harry: Joining the Army kept me out of trouble
Al Sharpton's Daughter Sues NYC for $5 Million over Ankle Sprain
Vladimir Putin suits up with former NHL players, scores eight goals
Giggles The Pig Runs For Mayor Against 2 Convicted Felons
Watch a Shirtless Mitt Romney Knock Down Evander Holyfield (and Then Run Away)
Australian pet python has BBQ tongs surgically removed
21 young men arrested in Nigeria for being in a 'gay cult'
Jedward may run for Irish Presidency if Aras Referendum passes
A Saudi Arabian woman angered by her husband's decision to take a second wife has exacted her revenge by raking up $100,000 in deliberate traffic fines on his wedding night.
MILF working towards removal from UN list of groups with child soldiers
Starbucks Worker Quits After Cookie Straw Freak Out
UK government quietly rewrites hacking laws to give GCHQ immunity
Zimbabwean president allegedly labels Nigeria, Kenya corrupt
French mayor suspended after calling for Islam to be banned
Touching moment a Sikh man breaks strict religious protocol and removes his turban to help save life of a five-year-old boy who was hit by a car
Dalai Lama wants to be reincarnated as a mischievous blond woman
Firefighters fear colleague who routinely flees fires
Al Sharpton's daughter sues the city of New York for $5 million after she fell in the street and sprained her ankle
A conservative Canadian politician is revealed to be a performance actor playing a ten year long prank
Swedish man's roar sees off charging bear
New PETA Ad About Importance of Animal Life Shows Them Killing Fish
Physics paper sets record with more than 5,000 authors
Feud over Miami homeless leads to creation of "poop map"
Seton Hall Priest Claims He Was Fired for Pro-LGBT Post
Vladimir Putin plays hockey with ex-NFL stars - and scores 8 goals
Birds Have Fundamental Rights, Can't Be Kept in Cages, Says Court
Police in Wallsend shoot cow after making bid for freedom on the Coast Road
Women in de facto relationships 'cheap prostitutes', children told at school
Al Sharpton's Daughter sues city after spraining her ankle
Secret files reveal police feared that Trekkies could turn on society
North Korea executes defence chief with an anti-aircraft gun
Assault On Salt: Uruguay Bans Shakers In Restaurants And Schools
Four-pound package of marijuana delivered to Akron home during police raid
Man returned to jail with €11k in drugs hidden in body after son's communion
WHO issues disease-naming advice to avoid offence
University student in Georgia accused of harassment for waiting for an appointment
He shoots, he scores: Vladimir Putin celebrity cult achieves new goals
Charlestown man in court for armed robbery, killing cow
Russia's Putin scores 8 goals in game with NHL veterans
Man Spends 29 Years in Jail ... for Looking Like Rapist
Vladimir Putin scores 8 epic goals in 100% believable hockey match
INDY 500: Airborne cars prompt changes at track
Kentucky Sheriff Relieved That Man Shot By Cop Was White
Accidental Discharge of Firearm most signature death of Alabama and Tennessee
"Melanoma Executions," god's way of exterminating white people."
Morning Joe Guest Is On for an Hour Without Speaking, Eventually Leaves
Vladimir Putin's crucified effigy set up outside former KGB headquarters
Seven times Kanye West dressed like a 'Final Fantasy' character
Former congressional candidate arrested, charged in attempt to commit mass murder
[Portuguese article] Swimming pool stolen from a home in Brazil.
Former 3rd District Congressional Candidate Admits Plotting Armed Militia Attack, Firebombing Of Muslim Community In New York
LOOK: Tom Brady hits the golf course with Michael Jordan in the Bahamas
Cute overload: Dwarf goats track hidden objects
Police chief temporarily fired then immediately rehired as plan to de-amalgamate, now looking for monetary compensation for wrongful dismissal.
Satellite Beach man, 91, wages war against pepper trees
Fashionable Style Ladies Shoulder Bags - Buy Ladies Shoulder Bags,Ladies Shoulder Bags,Ladies Shoulder Bags Product on Alibaba.com
Kerrian Clofer: Woman Arrested For Burning, Beating, Starving, And Handcuffing 8-Year-Old Girl Over A Snack
Mom angered by macaroni salad jokes
High school students watch '50 shades' in class as a reward
Teacher lets students watch R-rated Fifty Shades of Grey as an in-class reward
Under Armour pulls 'Band of Ballers' T-shirt which uses iconic Iwo Jima picture
Police called after boy, 9, uses ruler as pretend sword: Teachers accused of overreacting after asking officers to speak to child after playground game of 'knights and dragons'
Pizza Diet May Have Saved Life of Woman When Domino's Driver Noticed She Missed Daily Order
Cigarette Company Announces Workplace Smoking Ban
Rep. Loretta Sanchez apologized Sunday for "offensive" comments she made a day earlier when she attempted to explain the difference between American Indians and people whose ancestors were from India by putting her hand over her mouth and mimicking a war cry.
St George's Bickley CE Primary School calls in police after 9-year-old boy's game with broken ruler
Oklahoma Oil Billionaire Demanded University Fire Scientists Studying Dangers of Fracking
فضائح البلديه عمال البلديه يسرقون الحديد من السيارات في الليل
BREAKING: Aruna Shanbaug, who was Brutally Raped, Dies after 42 Years in Coma
W.Va. students caught screening 'Fifty Shades of Grey' during class- See more at: http://www.charlestondailymail.com/article/20150514/DM01/150519550/1282#sthash.OfBJiMqd.dpuf
Petition spurred after a couple must register as sex offenders for life after having sex on a Florida beach.
Hundreds of people are demanding answers after the Plex Family Entertainment Center locked it's doors and forced patrons to wait outside while tornado sirens blared Saturday night.
Religious Hate Group Forgets To Renew Domain Name - Now It Redirects To Hardcore Gay Site
Millions Of Baby Spiders Rain Down From The Sky In Australia
UiTM suspends second student over onstage graduation selfie
Saudi Arabian Prince Caught in Bacon Trafficking Scandal World News Daily Report
I love Hitler as he starved white people
Escaped cow shot by police marksmen
Opinions I flew a gyrocopter onto the Capitol Lawn to save our democracy
In China, Michael Jordan Losing Battle For Trademark Rights To His Own Name
I flew a gyrocopter onto the Capitol Lawn to save our democracy
Computer expert hacked into plane and made it briefly fly sideways, according to FBI
Cow shot dead by armed police after three-hour chase through fields near Newcastle
U.S. Government: We Can Classify Anything And Judges Can't Stop Us
Restaurant closed for serving human flesh to customers.
Fox Channel Blurs Out Breasts on Picasso Painting
Global Emotion Map Suggests We Need To Chill Out
Analysis: Vladimir Putin exploits terrible defending to score 8 goals
The truth about poo: we're doing it wrong
Scientist Missing for over 20 years found inside secret LSD Lab hidden in basement, Homeowners had no idea.
A psychiatrist says this skill is the best indicator of a person's ability to succeed
Lindsey Graham: "I'm running" because the world is falling apart
Drought face-lift: California paints lawns green
Man baffled after killing stepdad with 'atomic wedgie' | WTHITV.com
Cat suffers broken leg in suspected shooting
Neighbor Says Parrot is Teaching Grandkids to Curse in Spanish
Scientist Missing For Over 20 years Found Living Inside Secret LSD Drug Lab Hidden in Basement
Canadians' attention span worse than the average goldfish
The GOP Is Campaigning for George W. Bush's Third Term
Under Armour Pulls Iwo Jima-Inspired 'Band of Ballers' T-Shirt
Patriots Claim 'Deflator' Reference In Employee Texts Is About Weight Loss
Steam pulls game after its developer tweets Gabe Newell death threat
Mystery businessman pays porn star £5m for exclusive service for next 15 years.
Restaurant shut down after 'serving human flesh'
Saudi Arabia advertises for eight new executioners
Man forced to tweet rail staff after being locked in train toilet
Hacker Made 737 'Fly Sideways': FBI
Do you recognise this bush?
Mitt Romney survives 2 rounds in boxing match against Evander Holyfield
Dem Rep Wins 'Top Gun' In Shooting Competition, Calls For More Gun Control
Why do men exist? Scientific study offers an explanation
Stepping Hill nurse Victorino Chua guilty: 'Evil' hospital worker convicted of murdering and poisoning his own patients
Prospective Candidate for President, Lindsey Graham, says that Obama is to blame for the Iraq War, openly threatens to kill American citizens without due process of law
Scientists examine why men even exist
ISIS doc says women can become suicide bombers without husbands' permission
Women wanted for stealing Walmart scooters, riding them down U.S. 30
Police: Man Told Officers 'Go Ahead and Kill Me' in Shootout
Man drives truck through his house on purpose
It Will Cost You £3 To Vote For The New Labour Leader
Navy techs scour eBay for parts to keep HMCS Protecteur running
Hickenlooper To Sign Medical Pot Crackdown
Banned Turkish soccer coach watches his team play from a crane
Florida man falls asleep while robbing home
Lindsey Graham, potential presidential hopeful: 'I will drone you'
House Republican: Pope should stay out of politics
Program offers meth pipes to drug users for free in Seattle
MBTA oral sex assailants on the loose
Failed congressional candidate pleads guilty in plot to massacre Muslims: 'We will be cruel to them'
Odell Beckham: NFL players should get paid more
Engineered yeast paves way for home-brew heroin
Russian president Vladimir Putin scores 8 goals in All-Star game
Who is more at fault - men who are too horny or women who are trying to be too sexy?
Adblockers are immoral and mobile networks should know better
This parrot-fronted grindcore band are returning with a new album
Mozart-loving chickens may answer quest for healthier nugget
For baboons, there's more to love than just big butts
World's Worst Bachelor Party Ends with a Guy Becoming a Pubic Hair Werewolf
In Seattle, Man Fends Off Armed Robber By Telling Him: "I'm From St. Louis"
Saudi Arabia Is Hiring 8 New Executioners
Janitor attacked by gang members for wearing the color blue
Liberland's leader detained while trying to enter the country he just invented
Jeb Bush: A 'tolerant country' should allow discrimination based upon 'religious beliefs'
Australia Puts Johnny Depp's Dogs on Death Row
Lawmaker sorry for saying having child from rape is 'beautiful'
Saudi Arabia advertises for eight new executioners as beheading rate soars
Ireland Is Trying to Crack Down on the Parents Who Make Their Autistic Children Drink Bleach
Woman attacks corpse of boyfriend's ex
The Woman Who Let 200,000 Bed Bugs Bite Her-For Science
President Gets His Own Twitter Account: 'It's Barack. Really.'
170 arrested in connection with Waco biker shooting
Raining spiders in Goulburn? Entirely possible, scientist says
North Carolina mom leaves kids behind to fight against ISIS
Missing Scientist Found Hiding in Secret LSD Drug Lab
Potential presidential candidate: "I Will Drone You"
Suspect calls 911, demands that CHP stop chasing him
Does This Kanye West Video Game Double As A Recruitment Tool For A Cult?
Nicolas Cage signs on for next great Nicolas Cage film
Deadly biker brawl in Waco may damage Twin Peaks' brand, expert says
Saida Grundy trolls white rape victim. Makes further ass of self
Funeral procession pulled over in traffic stop.
FBI Says It Has No Idea Why Law Enforcement Agencies Are Following The Terms Of Its Stingray Non-Disclosure
Professor who made racially charged tweets in more trouble for what she did to white rape victim on Facebook
Jaden Smith Went to Prom Dressed as a Superhero Because Of Course He Did
Boston University prof in racist tweet flap accused of trolling white rape victim
Man swallows hamster in front of children 'to show how dear life is'
Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez Insults Native Americans While Talking to Indian Americans
Dollar store robbery suspect fatally shot after chase through crowded church ID'd
Residents of Tanzania Believe that their Government is a Satan-Worshiping Group
Bill O'Reilly once physically assaulted wife, daughter saw whole thing: report
Floyd Mayweather: "Why Should I Donate Money To Africa", "What Has Africa Done For Me?"
Apple shares 'undervalued' says billionaire investor Icahn
Condoms-in-porn initiative spurs concern about foreign money in elections
Plants Don't Have Mouths, But They Can Sing
Vladimir Putin scores 8 goals in exhibition game
Teen Says She Was Sent Home After Refusing To Change Shirt School Thought Glorified Suicide
NYC Firefighters Fear Colleague Who Routinely Flees Fires, Was a 'Priority Hire' Due to 'Discrimination'
Vigil planned after armed police shoot dead escaped cow Bessie.
Texas House of Representatives votes to keep daylight savings time partially due to scheduling concerns between church and dallas cowboys football games
Dogs, Cats and the Zombie Virus | Dr. Ernie Ward | America's Pet Advocate
Texas stabbing suspect spits own feces at arresting officers: cops
Dad finds murder-for-hire contract on entire family in teen son's bedroom
British 'White Widow' Now Top Leader of Al-Shabaab
Cruz warns of 'mandatory' same-sex marriage
CHAMILLIONAIRE WANTS TO BE A CHABILLIONAIRE
Sheriff: Carbon monoxide leak kills Gallatin County couple having sex in car
Girl gored by bison in Yellowstone Park while posing for a picture
Thieves Couldn't Break the Bike Lock; They Stole the Entire Rack
Saudi Arabia Posts Online Job Listing for Executioners to Carry Out Public Beheadings
Kevin Garnett once got so hyped watching an episode of Making the Band, he headbutted through a wall in his house
The White House Is Archiving Every Tweet Begging @POTUS for Sex
"If I'm president of the United States and you're thinking about joining al-Qaida or ISIL - anybody thinking about that?" he asked to laughs. "I'm not gonna call a judge. I'm gonna call a drone and we're gonna kill you."
Homeless man arrested for stealing church from food.
Raining spiders in Goulburn? Entirely possible, scientist says (Australia)
Florida's Valencia College sued over forced vaginal exams
Women detained by cops for refusing to leave catwalk
Shoplifter Stuffs Chainsaw Down His Pants
Meet the young model with Down Syndrome determined to change the face of beauty
18-YEAR-OLD WITH DOWN SYNDROME DETERMINED TO CHANGE FACE OF MODELING WORLD
Shameless Girls Are Using Tinder To Trick Guys Into Buying Them Pizza
Seth MacFarlane to Receive Genius Award at Critics Choice TV Awards
A Couple in Houston is Selling Their $400K House for $150 and a 200 Word Essay
THIS is Native Advertising
CFL player fined for tweets that said Holocaust didn't happen
Kerry: Internet 'Needs Rules to Be Able to Flourish and Work Properly'
The lyrics of recent No. 1 singles average at a third grade reading level
Guy who sold his face as advertising space wants it back.
Summer Camp Teaches Women and Gays to Eat Like Real Men
Videos capture strange trumpet sounds coming from the sky -Experts can't say exactly what it is
$40 million taxpayer dollars for sheriff lawsuit
#Ferguson Protesters Protest Not Getting Their Checks For Protesting...
Charlie Hebdo cartoonist Luz to leave magazine
Man kills imaginary BFF, surrenders to police, and takes the saddest mugshot ever
West Bromwich Albion Sukses Pecundangi Chelsea
Grindr Screenshots Reveal Antigay Pastor Is A Top Who Likes To Cuddle
New Fashion Selling Woman Tote Bags - Buy Woman Tote Bags,Leather Tote Bags,Tote Bag Leather Bag Product on Alibaba.com
Fox News pundit Bill O'Reilly reportedly beat his wife in front of his daughter
Breaking Bad in China: chemistry professor 'in meth gang'
#BlackLivesMatter organizers start #cutthecheck hashtag
Goldsmiths welfare and diversity officer, Bahar Mustafa, hits out at racism accusations, stating ethnic minority women can't be racist or sexist
Simon Cowell wants trap door and fire at next leaders' debate
Kim Jong Un criticises turtle farm for failing to breed lobsters
Netanyahu To Appoint Opponent Of Palestinian Statehood As Head Of Peace Talks
Saudi Arabia hiring eight new executioners as part of 'unprecedented spike' in killings
'Gay cake row': Christian bakery found guilty of discrimination
Canadian Navy techs scour eBay for parts to keep 1970s vintage supply ships running
Australian millionaire slammed for walking wife on leash
University Diversity Officer at risk of losing job after tweeting "#killallwhitemen'
Bahar Mustafa: Goldsmiths diversity officer at centre of 'racism' row could lose job after tweeting with hashtag 'kill all white men'
New Texas law bans cities from banning fracking, drilling
'Lebanon's Kardashians' found to be 'boring'
Greggs - a bakery - has actually stopped selling loaves of bread
2 students sue college claiming vaginal exams were forced on them
Goldsmiths SU Diversity Officer Bahar Mustafa Could Lose Job Over '#KillAllWhiteMen' Tweet
Rugby player gets 200th try, immediately signs $94,000 camera lens with a permanent marker
Florida Valencia College sued over forced vaginal exams
Paedophile has sentence reduced because his six-year-old victim 'was showing signs of being gay' in Argentina
Citing His Religious Beliefs, Montana Man Shoots Bartender For Using Wrong Tomato Juice
Saudi advertises for swordsmen as execution rate soars
Cape school bus driver: 'Kids got to me, I had a couple drinks'
Crayola warns against using colored pencils as makeup
Disabled and elderly women turned away from Cannes Film Festival for not wearing high heels
Cannes Film Festival 'turns away women in flat shoes'
Drunk officer 'called chief a cabbage'
High-Tech Bra Delivers 'Uplifting' Messages
Man Gets Stuck in Seattle Basketball Hoop, Cops Called
Swedish underwater 'gay sailor' to scare off Russian submarines
Terminally ill face being forced to do work experience or lose their benefits
How Sweden are using underwater 'gay sailors' to scare off Russian submarines
The new axis of evil - Canada: One third of American 8th graders think we live in a dictatorship
Australian millionaire walks wife on a leash, claims to be a family man.
To Kill a Milking Cow, police deploy copter, 20 cars, armed cops
The new axis of evil - Canada: One third of American 8th graders think Canadians live in a dictatorship
M&C Saatchi Sneaks PSA in Porn for Blue Ball Foundation
Isis 'tourist guide': British jihadist Abu Rumaysah publishes e-book comparing self-declared caliphate to 'plush holiday resort'
Aussie 'Dan Bilzerian' slammed for walking wife on leash
James Blunt: I broke into a fan's house and went through their personal drawers
Boy shoots through window, kills friend trying to wake him
Florida is now overrun by violent criminals juiced up on synthetic killing powder called flakka.
Child Predator Caught After Multi-State Police Chase, Amber Alert Called Off
Jaden Smith went to prom dressed as Batman, because of course he did
Tom Cruise once helped NASA redesign its website
Child abuser in Argentina has sentence reduced as judges rule six-year-old victim 'was gay' and had been traumatised through earlier abuse
Official: Harvey robbery suspect fatally shot after opening fire on cops
Team Jeb: He's held to 'different standard' than Hillary
RONDA ROUSEY SAYS SHE'D ONLY FIGHT FLOYD MAYWEATHER IF THEY WERE DATING
Mother charged after toddler falls into cheetah pen at Cleveland zoo
New York thieves caught after leaving trail of macaroni salad
U.S. senator declares she's quitting Game of Thrones
London Fire Brigade warns teens: Don't light yourself on fire
Miley Cyrus cries while singing a song about her dead blowfish
Senator Claire McCaskill is done with Game of Thrones
3D printed human skin is L'Oreal's next big thing and it's not creepy at all
Palm Beach County's newest drug flakka being called "one of the worst drugs ever"
Four-year-old boy killed when a tombstone fell on him during cemetery visit
James Bond filming annoys London locals
Job Opportunity in Saudi Arabia: Executioners Wanted
Child Predator Caught After Multi-State Chase, Amber Alert Canceled
Train passenger Tweets for help after he gets stuck in a toilet
Rail passenger gets stuck in toilet, tweets for help
Kim Jong Un is pissed at a turtle farm for not producing lobster
Pop-Tart school-gun bill clears first hurdle in Florida
Using Windows 10's Middle Finger Emoji in the UAE Could Get You in Jail
Chinese man 'with 17 girlfriends' arrested for fraud
It's Raining Spiders in Australia
Millions Of Spiders Fall From Sky In Australia
Christian-owned bakery which refused to make 'Bert and Ernie' gay marriage cake found GUILTY of discrimination
Former Students Allege College Program 'Browbeat' Them to Comply With 'Forced Vaginal Probes'
Meat industry has a cow over US dietary guidelines
Online hackers target Trinity Pre-School in Vinters Park, Maidstone
Sold Gold AK-47 Lost in Taxi
Solid Gold AK-47 Lost in Taxi
New Haven, Connecticut, police looking for burglar named Bob
Saudi Arabia advertises for eight new executioners as beheadings rise
One in ten UK employees 'watch porn at work'
Nickelback more intelligent than the Foo Fighters, study says
Anderson Cooper Fooled By Satirical News Site Clickhole
Florida College Sued by Students Over Forced Vaginal Exams in Class
Honduras to build land title registry using bitcoin technology
Squirrel on wire cuts power to 2,471 in Columbia area
These Scientists Want to Bring You Civet-Poop Coffee Without the Civets
Paedophile has prison sentence halved because the 6-year-old victim "seemed gay"
Are You Ready for President Biden?
Woman Used Crowbar to Wake Snoring Boyfriend; Police Say
Screaming at shows has ruined Steve Aoki's vocal cords
Gloria Steinem to lead women's march in North Korea
Grab an Umbrella, It's Raining Spiders in Australia
In Australia, it even rains spiders.
New Sex Toys Sync Up to Virtual Reality Porn
Woman used crowbar to wake up snoring boyfriend, police say
Why is it raining spiders in Australia?
Millions of spiders rain down from the sky in Australia
Vienna's Gay-Themed Traffic Signals to Stay Permanently
Cloud of baby spiders blocks sky above Australian town
Research paper details how to make heroin from yeast and sugar - claim it's only a matter of time before criminals do the same
New porn delivery service is ruffling feathers in Southington, CT
Giant pandas not designed to eat bamboo
The New Mad Max Film Is So Feminist My Scrotum Killed Itself
Millions of Spiders Rain Down on Australia-Why?
China teacher allowed to give birth and ordered to abort
Goldsmiths University diversity officer could be sacked after tweeting 'Kill All White Men' hashtag
PIGS MIGHT NOT FLY, BUT THEY PLAY VIDEO GAMES AND LOVE IT
PNEUMATIC BURGER DELIVERY GIVES A WHOLE NEW MEANING TO THE TERM 'FAST FOOD'
Russian MPs seek 3 yr jail terms for those comparing USSR to Nazi Germany
Election 2015: MP thanks voter for penis ballot paper mark
Fueled by Bullshit: Toyota powers a car off hydrogen extracted from cow manure.
Scientists uncover big clue as to why men exist
Man turns fart recording into symphony, calls it his 'rectum opus' (VIDEO)
153 Simon Pegg Says Original Star Trek 3 Script Was "Too Star Trek-y"
Fired ex-waitress sues Primanti Bros. on alcohol disability claim
Saudi Arabia hiring executioners as beheadings rise
Sand disappears from popular Burin Peninsula beach
"I'm not mother of the year," says mum found guilty of killing son
Navy techs scour eBay for parts to keep 1970s vintage supply ships running
Home > Weird News It's Not an Ostrich: Emu Causes Highway Traffic Jam
Awkward: A fashion label boasts about Taylor Swift's outfit, then realizes its own design is a knockoff
Members of Congress deserve a raise
Birmingham Airport passport pants smuggler jailed
No fresh lobster? Kim Jong Un takes aim at North Korean terrapin farm
Mom Jailed Over Circumcision Dispute With Son's Father
Why Earth needs its own flag
Simon Pegg Says Original Star Trek 3 Script Was "Too Star Trek-y"
Man Sues Over 'Unreasonably Dangerous' McNugget
Former chemistry professor part of meth gang that cooked up drugs for sale in China: Police
TILL DEATH DON'T US PART: YOU'RE INVITED TO THE WORLD'S FIRST ROBOT WEDDING
Teen arrested in sword pizza-delivery robberies
There's Now A Startup That Will Clean Your Cat's Litter Box For You
Japanese Porn Star signs largest escort contract ever!
Canada Is A Dictatorship, According To U.S. Teens
Child marriages, trafficking will soar after Nepal quake - charity
Sen. Claire McCaskill: 'OK, I'm done' with 'Game of Thrones'
Actor Randy Quaid to be released on bond after Montreal arrest
Boy Scouts of America bans water gun fights; 'pointing a firearm' is not kind
Christie: Jersey loves me too much to let me go as president
Catholic iPhone app helps you confess your homosexual sins on the go
YouTube Kids app has sex, drugs, and program-length ads, advocacy groups say
Danish jihadists cashed in on welfare benefits
Hillary Clinton Paid by Jeb Bush's Education Company
If You Type 'N---- House' Into Google Maps, It Will Take You To The White House
If You Type a Racist Phrase in Google Maps, the White House Comes Up
Baby spiders fall from the sky, cover the ground with 'angel hair' in Australia
Romanian football side play away after mayor uses stadium for daughter's wedding
Video games make kids violent and homosexual.
Naked New York trucker arrested for threatening shoppers with machete
Sen. Claire McCaskill Bails on Game of Thrones over Rape Scene
Teacher: I Was Fired for Publicly Shaming Bully
Doctor left phone inside woman after C-section
London gangster who fled to Australia and became successful model and hip hop star jailed after police swimwear shoot sting
Marijuana Farmer Tells Judge He Needs 150 Pot Plants For His Religion
Cuckolding Fetishist Writing Nickelodeon Children's Shows
Alan McIsaac wins seat in P.E.I. legislature by coin toss
Police find 1,000 stolen eggs in man's fridge - for personal consumption Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2015/05/19/police-find-1000-stolen-eggs-in-mans-fridge-for-personal consumption.
YouTube Kids App Rapped for Videos Citing Porn, Pedophilia, Drug Use
Police find 1,000 stolen eggs in man's fridge - for personal consumption
Joe Biden donned aviators and did a stand-up routine for a Yale graduation speech
Home-brewed Morphine Is Just Around The Corner
Man swallows hamster in front of children
Why was the Bahara Mustafa link comment locked?
Iowa Capitol evacuated for burnt pizza crust; no damage to property
Student diversity officer in racism row could lose her job after allegedly tweeting 'kill all white men'
Bahar Mustafa: Student diversity officer could lose job over 'kill all white men' tweet
Woman says she killed cats because grand kids wouldn't clean rooms
Woman says she killed cats because grandchildren wouldn't clean rooms
Married Anti-Gay Pastor Exposed On Grindr As Top Who Likes To Cuddle
Diversity Officer May Lose Job For #KillAllWhiteMen Tweets
Dem Rep Says Members of Congress Deserve a Raise because 175k a year isnt enough to live on
Barack Obama joins Twitter; follows all Chicago pro teams except Cubs
Goldsmiths' Student Diversity Officer Bahar Mustafa: 'I Can't Be Racist Or Sexist Because I'm An Ethnic Minority Woman'
KFCs in Germany now provide Bluetooth keyboards on food trays to prevent greasy phone screens
Norwegian MP shares penis pic on Instagram.
Boy Scouts Ban Water Gun Fights, Limit Water Balloons, Say They're Not 'Kind'
Vigil for cow shot dead by police after three-hour helicopter chase
Pictured: Diversity officer who banned whites from her 'anti-racism' event at British university wiping away fake tear in front of 'no white men' sign
Former Congressional Pleads Guilty to Plotting Muslim Massacre
Memorial vigil planned for shot Wallsend cow Bessie
Americans 58 Times More Likely To Be Killed By Police Than Terrorists, Study
NPR interview with Reddit CEO: "If a Jewish Redditor looked at a subreddit called "Gas The Kikes" and said it makes them feel unsafe to participate, would you take down that subreddit?" "Somebody expressing ideas that aren't consistent with everybody's views is something that we encourage."
How an 85-Year-Old Nun, Activists Infiltrated Top U.S. Nuclear Site, Exposing Dangers & Urging Peace
Fukushima nuclear plant ordered to upgrade from Windows XP
University officer may be sacked after racist tweet.
Massive (and odd) 46-bedroom, 60,175 sq. foot mansion for sale in Texas
Extra second to be added to clock at end of June
Female Muslim University Diversity Officer Tweets: #KillAllMen
News Agencies Clarify: Pope Only Said Abbas 'A Bit' of an Angel
Man dies during sex with scarecrow he strapped sex toy on
UK university equality officer accused of hate speech
Dallas Buyers Club firm sued for Godzilla copyright infringement
Sen. Lindsey Graham: 'Everything that starts with 'Al' in the Middle East is bad news'
Strip clubs, casinos: The Pentagon's $1 million surprise
Fifa president Sepp Blatter proposes Israel v Palestine 'peace match'
Plastic manufacturers claim ban on plastic bags has nothing to do with the environment
A MAN who repeatedly had sex with ponies on his farm near Ballarat has walked from court a free man for the second time.
73-year-old BASE jumper dies after setting parachute on fire
Liberal wins Prince Edward Island seat through a coin toss after recount tie
Lawsuit alleges forced vaginal probes for Valencia students
Liberal Alan McIsaac wins seat in coin toss after recount tie
Man has woman arrested at domestic violence shelter for trying to prevent him from circumsizing their 4yo son
Senator slams 'Game of Thrones' for 'gratuitous rape scene'
DC Comics Attempting to Block Rihanna from Trademarking, 'Robyn,' Her Birth Name
One Girl's 'Sweet 16' Turns Out to be More About 'Number Two'
Former deputy testifies he sees some truth in zombie stories(OREGON)
Quack defends bleach enemas to 'cure' autism: If it's poison, where is the 'sea of dead children'?
Emu - not ostrich - slows morning commute on I-20 in Douglas County
Man gets sued because he painted his house blue. Ends up paying more in court fees than to just repaint it... a different shade of blue.
Baby spiders take to the air
Anti-gay pastor caught on Grindr looking for men to cuddle and have sex with
A College Grad May Have Student Debt And No Job, But They're Still Very Lucky
Los Angeles Lifts Its Minimum Wage to $15 Per Hour
pe Cod resident leaves dentures in voting booth
Cape Cod resident leaves dentures in voting booth
Reddit CEO Ellen Pao: "It's not our site's goal to be a completely free-speech platform"
5th grade Ohio teacher fired for shaming school bully
Suspect in Wrong-Way Chase Calls 911 To Complain About Chase
Sex with animals outlawed by state Senate in New Jersey
Judge orders counselling for man found guilty of horse bestiality
Family informed of death by probate lawyers looking to drum up business
The White House is the 'N***a' House on Google Maps ... We're Working On It, Says Google (UPDATE)
New York censorship event gets censored.
Alfonso Ribeiro Set as New Host of ABC's 'America's Funniest Home Videos'
Chechnya's Kadyrov calls for WhatsApp ban for wives
Texas Bans Fracking Bans in the State
Texas politicians are owned by the oil companies.
Facebook And Google "Degrade Our Humanity" With Single Identity, Says 4chan Founder
California teen slips parents sleeping pills so she could use internet
Darwin swimming pool to be extended by 50cm at cost of $8.8m
DOJ Official: Slavery to Blame for Riots in Ferguson and Baltimore
Teen with Down Syndrome is redefining beauty by pursuing her dreams of being a model, saying "I think it is time people realized that people with Down syndrome can be sexy and beautiful and should be celebrated"
How one teen is redefining beauty standards by pursuing her dreams
Motorcycle gang shootout started with parking dispute
Students 'forced to submit to vaginal probes' to get good grades
Summer with ISIS? Guidebook aims to attract visitors to Islamic State
Police Find 1,000 Stolen Eggs In Man's Fridge - For His Own Consumption
Minnesota sheriff defends military surplus grenade launcher
Let's discuss why comments were locked for discussing the disgusting racist Bahar Mustafa
Hip-Hop Rumors: Big Meech Put The Word Out On Rick Ross?
Darwin pool to be resized by 30 centimetres in $9m project
Candlelight vigil and 6000-like Facebook memorial page... for a cow.
Aldi issues mass apology after accidentally selling customers 'Halal pork'
Aldi apologises after black pudding is incorrectly labelled as halal-certified
Aldi apologises after selling halal-labelled black pudding containing pork
Man fends off Seattle robber with, "I'm from St. Louis"
Academics are using emoji to explain their research
Girl aged 8 given first job at Aldi after writing this brilliant letter to bosses
Officer publicly apologises for sending superior a meme captioned with "Aw Shit N*gga"
Robots Are Really Bad At Folding Towels
Woman Guilty of Murdering, Dismembering Her Son: 'I'm Not Mother of the Year'
Australian police warn public of Nickelback's "crimes against music"
'I'm Not Mother of the Year': Mom Convicted of Killing, Cutting Up Son with Circular Saw
Cow manure-powered bus breaks speed record
Coal giant exploited Ebola crisis for corporate gain, say health experts.
Diddy's song 'making the band' made Kevin Garnett headbutt a hole in his house
Overzealous Teacher Kills and Eats Hamster in Front of His Students
Reading Buses 'cow poo bus' sets speed record
'N*gga house' search takes you to White House on Google Maps
You can't become anymore of a douchebag than that.
73-year-old BASE jumper sets parachute on fire, jumps, dies
North Korea 'photoshopped' submarine missile pictures
Cannes 'turned away amputee in flat shoes'
Joe Hockey announces 50-centimetre extension of Parap pool which Darwin City Council says is already too long
Grandma kills cats because grandchildren don't clean
Student carries mattress on stage during graduation after claiming she was raped by classmate
Hundreds pledge to attend vigil for 'Bessie' the cow shot dead by armed police
Teacher Files Lawsuit Over Active-Shooter Drill
Large stuffed tiger atop SUV generates 911 call
10 arrested at Las Vegas marijuana convention
Nintendo of America hires Doug Bowser as new VP of sales
Obama to Cast Climate Change as a National Security Threat
The Porn Identity: Lion's Head mystery
Chechnya's Leader Kadyrov Urges Men To Lock Up Their Wives, Ban Women From WhatsApp
Lock up wives who use WhatsApp, Chechnya's leader says
Boy Scouts put an end to dangerous water gun fights
Why giant pandas have to eat and poop all day
Saida Grundy, Boston U. professor, accused of taunting white rape victim: 'Go cry somewhere'
Nintendo of America Hires Bowser as New VP of Sales
Nikon made a camera that lets dogs take photos of things they like
Aspen man goes to court with stuffed owl as his public defender
Nickelback wanted by Australian police for 'crimes against music'
Suspect In Wrong-Way Chase Through East Bay Calls 911 To Complain About Chase
Anti-LGBT vicar Matthew Makela resigns after being found on Grindr gay dating app
Open Carry Laws Set to Pass After Waco Shootout: Sunday's deadly melée in Texas hasn't seemed to hurt the prospects for a bill loosening handgun restrictions in the state.
After the Waco Shootout, Texas Lawmakers Debate Gun Laws: Sunday's deadly melée in Texas hasn't seemed to hurt the prospects for a bill loosening handgun restrictions in the state.
Sunday's deadly melée in Texas hasn't seemed to hurt the prospects for a bill loosening handgun restrictions in the state.
Antigay pastor resigns after outed on Grindr
Executioners wanted: Saudi Arabia posts online job listing for swordsmen to carry out public beheadings
Liberals win PEI election after coin toss
Supreme Court Rules Felons Can Sell Their Firearms
Chris Christie: New Jersey voters say they don't think I would be a good president because they want me to stay
Father says he didn't know his 8-year-old boy was packed in suitcase
If you search Google Maps for the N-word, it gives you the White House
20 Misused Words That Make Smart People Look Dumb - Forbes
North Korea 'photoshopped Kim Jong-un submarine missile pictures'
Texas Soldier Killed In Police Custody [Graphic Video]
Liberals win P.E.I seat through a coin toss after recount tie
Kids do a lot better when schools ban cell phones
New Zealand flag designs: the good, the bad and the ugly
Kids do a lot better when schools ban smartphones
Welfare Recipients Relabeled As 'Workers' Despite Doing Little or No Work
Commuters say one wheel is better than four
Artist Leon Ewing thinks kids should use 'educational' marijuana to help with creativity
Kid Arrested For DDOSing Entire School District
A quarter of US 8th graders think Canada is under the rule of a dictator.
Guyana, "a country of less than 80,000 people"
Walmart Is Now The Rightful Owner Of Walmart.Horse
Search the N-word on Google Maps and it'll point you to the White House
'Don't get cross, get cross-stitching': Man gets so fed up waiting for new Santander debit card to arrive he stitches his own
Supermarket giant shuts Walmart.horse website after joke has bolted
Woman in full-body hijab called "creepy shadow figure" by local radio station
Godfrey woman accused of punishing grandkids by killing their cats with a hammer
Cheap Bacon Is About to Be Everywhere, Again - Bloomberg Business
Welfare Recipients Relabeled As 'Workers'
Is that tiger real? Stuffed animal atop SUV draws 911 call, police stop
Defendant brings stuffed toy as attorney to court hearing
My home state's super informative election result charts
Man drives through home, admits it was on purpose
2 Drunk Guys Hijack Golf Cart From Sunday's PGA Event And Drive It 5 Miles To Popular Charlotte Bar
Gay Parents In NYC's Gayborhood Say Sex Shops Are Tainting Their Children
Teacher suspended after showing 'Fifty Shades' to students
$30 Hot Dog Price Outrages Customers at NYC Stand
Bin Laden was 'avid conspiracy theorist,' bookshelf reveals
'N-Word House' search on Google Maps takes users to White House
Obama: Climate change contributed to rise of Boko Haram, Syrian civil war
Prince Charles has never been in the IRA, confirms Washington Post.
This woman got pregnant from having anal sex
Bin Laden's bookshelf included 9/11 conspiracy material
Disney World Bans Selfie Sticks on Rides
Bonsai stolen from Pacific Bonsai Museum in Federal Way
PETA Demands Bar Change Its Name Because 'Ye Olde Fighting Cocks' Is Offensive to Chickens Read more at: http://www.nationalreview.com/article/418658/peta-demands-bar-change-its-name-because-ye-olde-fighting-cocks-offensive-chickens
Mysterious Porn Fairy Sprinkles Dirty Mags, DVDs on Connecticut Lawns
PETA Demands Bar Change Its Name Because 'Ye Olde Fighting Cocks' Is Offensive to Chickens
A Pencil Shop, for Texting the Old-Fashioned Way
Game guide for Delta Force Xtreme 2 found in Bin Laden's Abbottabad compound.
Parents who use cellphones on playgrounds feel guilty, study finds
Chicago Area to Host Festival Devoted to Redheads
Shorter skirts mean cheaper meals at China eatery
NJ 5th Grader Suspended for Having Nerf Gun 'Bullet' in His Pocket
Texas hunter claims shooting rhino helps endangered species
Woman Who Didn't Know She Was Pregnant Gives Birth On Plane
PayPal Has to Pay $25 Million for Being Sketchy as Hell
Southern Rail passengers fined after being forced to stand in first class carriage due to overcrowded train
GOP Lawmakers Rip Obama For Not Being Faithful Enough to Saudi Arabia
ESPN's Brian Windhorst thinks the NBA needs to ban kids from podium so reporters can ask questions.
Virginia Mom Thanks White State Trooper for Not Stereotyping Her Son
Police warn Australians about the dangers of Nickelback
I'm a Moderate Biker Gang Member Compelled to Condemn This Violence
Woman Realizes That She's Been Accidentally Abusing Her Husband This Whole Time...
Texas hunter kills endangered Black Rhino in order to help bring awareness and "protect" the "critically-endangered species".
A beer a day is 110-year-old Nebraska man's secret to a long life
Poop Falls From Sky & Onto Sweet 16 Party
Man Accused of Child Rape, Said Victim Sent 'Mixed Signals'
Travellers block emergency air ambulance landing pad at Boston Pilgrim Hospital
Ted Cruz: Gay people should stop demanding equal rights because ISIS would murder them
My Tax Dollars at Work
Searching the N-Word on Google Maps Produces White House
Chechen leader denounces WhatsApp, orders women using it to be imprisoned
US will not release Osama bin Laden's pornography
Long Beach City Council Approves Resolution to Promote Meatless Mondays
Capitol cops get bathroom training after guns left in toilet
Palazzo doubts Obama could take Biloxi if he ever decided to try
Bin Laden papers include loving notes, terrorist application
Texas bans bans on fracking
Osama bin Laden's pornography stash to remain under wraps, US decides
Breaking News: Movies & TV Series now Legal to stream!
Racist searches in Google Maps send users to the White House
India's Bellandur Lake Is So Polluted It Caught Fire x-post /r/india
India's Bellandur Lake Is So Polluted It Caught Fire
Fighting Cocks pub is offensive to chickens
Ecuadorian Daily La Hora Fined for Not Covering Mayor's Event
North Korea 'photoshopped' Kim Jong-un sub missile pictures
Liberal wins Prince Edward Island (Canadian province) seat through a coin toss after recount tie
Amish Corn Ring Busted Selling Georgia Corn as Local
Ohio Pastor Rides Bulls Inside His Church to Attract New Believers
Chinese man arrested for having 17 girlfriends
Osama bin Laden's bookshelf featured conspiracy theories about his terror plots
9/11 truthers (naturally) wary of Osama bin Laden's conspiracy theory obsession
Teacher accused of letting students have sex in classroom
NJ fifth-grader suspended for bringing a foam 'bullet' to school, says mom
Man hires stuffed owl as his defense attorney
Calipari says goal was to send eight players to NBA, not win national title
Immigration guide for detecting marriage fraud called 'racist and offensive'
Typing the N-Word into Google Maps Takes You to the White House
Georgia Teacher Arrested for Letting Kids Have Sex in Classroom
Cocaine bag found on Berks road; state police ask who lost it
Vendor Near 9/11 Memorial Caught Charging Tourists $30 For Hot Dogs
South Korean teacher kills, eats hamster in front of students.
Google says sorry over racist Google Maps White House search results
UC Santa Cruz Apologizes For Mexican Food Served At 'Alien'-Themed Event
In hindsight, guy with stuffed tiger atop SUV should have seen this traffic stop coming
Furious NFL Fans Target British Journalist Tom Bradby Instead of Tom Brady
Google Maps fixing its N-word problem
Jaden Smith, philosopher extraordinaire, deleted his twitter account recently
Prosecutor: Vacuum-violating Seattle sex offender should be locked away
Benghazi Bombshell: Obama And Hillary Knew Deadly Muslim Attack Planned For 10 Days! VIDEO
Story Behind Rescue Near Fox Creek
Bakery makes 'My Little Tony' cake for girl who wanted 'My Little Pony'
Man caught accidentally having sex with his wife's identical twin sister
Police investigation after wood pushed through cat-flap
Suspect in DC Quadruple homicide found from DNA on pizza crust at the crime scene
Onion cells used to create artificial muscles
Former airman survived two WWII kamikaze missions
How death metal cured my hatred for yoga
Richard Burgon MP calls for the abolition of the monarchy as he takes oath of allegiance to the Queen in Parliament
Canadian band Nickelback 'wanted' for 'crimes against music' in Australia
Caught On Video. Swedish Man Scares The Living Daylights Out Of Attacking Bear. By Growling
Focus Group Democrats Like Hillary Clinton's Record, but Can't Name Any Accomplishments
fancy OISK party mascot costumes
Bessie the cow, gunned down on Sunday night by Northumbria Police marksmen
Is the U.S. Military Ready to Accommodate Breastfeeding Soldiers?
These Tortoises Eating Tiny Pancakes Are All Of Us At Brunch
Sheep stay silent in war of words over whether animals can suffer verbal abuse
Police: Fake cop tried to pull over off-duty officer
She Speaks: The Village Church protects a confessed pedophile and "disciplines" his wife, a brave young woman and missionary
Man blames Illuminati for child porn after being caught with nearly 20,000 images
Man who drove to police post with friend clinging to windscreen fined $2,000 - See more at: http://www.straitstimes.com/news/singapore/courts-crime/story/man-who-drove-police-post-friend-clinging-windscreen-fined-2000-20#xtor=CS1-10
Argentine Judges Dismiss Rape of 6-Year-Old Because Child Is 'Gay'
New Reality Show Puts Czech Family Under Nazi Rule
Man gets tased and then Verne Troyer steals his hat
Australians Are Trying to Decide If It's OK to Swear at Sheep
The US just declassified al-Qaeda's job application form. It's bizarrely corporate.
Pilot drowns neighbour's dog as it would not stop barking
Sheep found in Dublin City flats
Teens Who Sleep With Same Sex Report Higher Rates Of Pregnancy
Party pooped: Feces rains on Pennsylvania sweet 16 X posted
Aspen Man Hires Stuffed Owl As His Defense Attorney
Defendant brings stuffed animal as attorney to court hearing
Nigerian man gets 3 years for role in $1 million email fraud
Ferguson 'Protesters' Are Now Protesting That They Didn't Get Paid
Bottled! Boston Spa thief fought off with champagne bottle and fire extinguisher
Party pooped: Feces rains on Pennsylvania sweet 16
RSPCA candidate compares farming to holocaust
RPT: Pizza Crust Used to Identify Suspect in D.C. Mansion Murders
Florida Man Brings 2 Kids To Failed Drug Deal, Police Say
Jailed father-of-eight blames Illuminati for child porn after being caught with nearly 20,000 images
Saudi Arabia Seeks Top Spot on U.N. Human Rights Council
Osama Bin Laden warned jihadists not to form Isis
Tobacco companies are wooing politicians with rock concerts, says BMJ
Police go on Facebook to charge Nickelback with crimes against music
Police ID suspect in quadruple murder through pizza DNA
Pippa Middleton's Marvelously British Guide to Croquet
Witness: Man angry about overbooked flight strips naked in airport
Lolz, twerk and shizzle added to Scrabble dictionary
Source: Pizza led D.C. police to name suspect in quadruple homicide
Georgia Teacher Arrested for Allegedly Letting Students Have Sex in a Closet
Man bills Sky for 2-year cancellation ordeal
OSAMA BIN LADEN WAS A 9/11 TRUTHER
Job candidates should "please write clearly and legibly," and are asked to include any nicknames and hobbies along with their education and language skills.
Aging Actress Maggie Gyllenhaal 'Too Old' to Play 55-Year-Old's Lover
Hong Kong Anti-Littering Campaign Uses DNA From Trash to Shame People
Ukip porn star Johnny Rockard suspended over outdoor sex video
Bristol porn movie mogul Johnny Rockard suspended by UKIP after adult video row
Ugandan singer jailed for raunchy video, government labels it porn - video
Witness: Man angry about overbooked flight strips naked in Charlotte Douglas International Airport
New law requires 48-hr. waiting period before having sex with Rep. DesJarlais
Charges Dropped Against Cop Caught Having Sex With Cows
Zimbabwe: Mugabe Blasts Mandela, Claims SA Unemployment Causing Xenophobic Attacks
Thousands of new words, including 'lolz', 'shizzle', and 'obvs' added to the Scrabble dictionary.
O'Neill Police Warn Residents About 'Mikel Knight' In Area
Police seize tiny lamb from Munich brothel
Thousands of new words added to Scrabble dictionary
Razer will now sell you a mouse pad that glows in 16.8 million colors
Osama bin Laden's unusual HR style revealed in Al-Qaeda employee questionnaire
Baby Born Without A Nose Is So Cute
Whites moving to Detroit, city that epitomized white flight
Passenger Strips Naked at Airport After Learning That Flight Was Overbooked
Televangelist Creflo Dollar asks followers to buy him $65 million jet
Man pursued by police in car chase calls 911 to complain
MAN STRIPS DOWN AT AIRPORT, UPSET ABOUT OVERBOOKED FLIGHT
SWAT are blaming a now in coma baby: "The act of sleeping in a room about to be breached by a SWAT team constituted "criminal" conduct on the part of the infant."
Nestle challenges UP's order on Maggi recall
Steph Curry's daughter and the epitome of light skinned privilege.
Cubs' Tsuyoshi Wada finds credit card in foul territory at Petco Park
Man sues B.C. rodeo company, says bull called Slow Poke was violent despite name
Anti-Censorship Show Cancels Set Offensive to Muslims
Forget Diamonds, Bitcoin Engagement Rings Are Forever
Fish Can't Have Sex With All That Traffic Noise
COLTS WHINING NEW EXTRA POINT RULE FAVORS PATRIOTS
Rockstar Games' parent company sues BBC over Grand Theft Auto drama
Judge dismisses domestic violence charges against Ray Rice
China's richest man lost $15 billion in one hour
Spy agencies target mobile phones, app stores to implant spyware
Aliens Will Be Bear-Size, According to Math
COPS WHO FLASH BANGED INFANT'S CRIB ARE BLAMING THE BABY
Child abuser has sentence halved as judges rule six-year-old victim 'was gay'
Televangelist asks followers to buy him $65 million jet
ISIL members decry nepotistic suicide bomber wait list, demand equal opportunity to blow themselves up
Michele Bachmann says Rapture is near, and suggests Obama has something to do with it
Beer-drinking man wearing scuba gear causes disturbance at McDonald's restaurant
Want to beat Memorial Day weekend traffic? Leave yesterday
How Popular Music's Lyrics Perpetuate American Idiocy
Life Is Hard for Incredibly Handsome Men
Flickr's auto-tagging feature goes awry, accidentally tags black people as apes
Hunter pays £225,000 to shoot black rhino: 'I believe in survival of species'
Russia Plans 'Patriotic' TV Channel For Children
Daghestani Militant Blows Up Over IS Suicide-Bomber Nepotism
Airplane Dumps Human Feces on Girl's Sweet 16 Party, Family Says
Why Professors Should Never Have Affairs With Their Students
CBS Throws Letterman Set in the Dumpster
Man pretending to be cop tried to pull over off duty officer.
Google launched a satellite into orbit named after Skrillex's dog
German police find lamb in a Munich brothel, and rescue it
David Letterman's Late Show Set Thrown in Dumpsters Hours After Final Episode
Toy Vey: The Rabbi Selling Kosher Vibrators
Aaron Hernandez got a huge 'LIFETIME' neck tattoo in prison
As a white man, I'm surprised more women aren't tweeting the hashtag #KillAllWhiteMen
Want to beat Memorial weekend traffic? Leave yesterday
Man strips naked at Charlotte airport, upset about overbooked flight
Propose to your beloved with this Bitcoin engagement ring
Prosecco producer warns of 'global shortage'
Burglar ended up in court before a judge whose house he had burgled
Church of England to consider transgender naming ceremony
Gangs Prohibit Honduran Women from Going Blond
I have no penis, and get laid all the time
Even The NFL's Official Twitter Is Now Trolling The Patriots
The bizarrely slow process of releasing Hillary Clinton's e-mails, explained
Why do rich people build things. Because they can!
Obama: Climate Change Fueled Rise of Boko Haram, War in Syria
Irish Woman Hospitalised After Son Introduces His Black Girlfriend
Girl's Sweet 16 party ruined by piles of feces falling from passing airplane
Woman Says Her Wi-Fi Connection Is Making Her Sick
Jeb Bush rails against 'intellectual arrogance' in climate change debate
How police kept track of the Trekkies: Met drew up secret dossier into Star Trek and The X-Files fearing sci-fi shows would cause riots and mass suicides
Lil B Calls James Harden Out for Stealing His Cooking Dance, Threatens to Curse Him
Tennessee pays $46,000 for new state logo 'a fifth-grader could make'
Children May Not Have as Many Mental Health Disorders as Suspected
Could we please stand all up and give 10 minutes silence to show respect for Tishnik Massacre?
Toilet instructions for armed police at US Capitol
Kim Jong-un's brother Kim Jong-chul spotted at Eric Clapton concert in London
New emojis help children report abuse where words fail
New York Observer: Someone made a Ted Cruz Dildo
Nine dog brains found on street in NY.
Man Evades Police, Then Caught While Returning for Lost Hat
Marseille Drug Dealer Offers Cannabis Buyers Loyalty Cards
The First Dildo of the 2016 Presidential Election
Giant 14-Story 'Bulletproof' Cross Being Built in Pakistan's Largest City; Owner Claims Angry Muslims Incapable of Destroying This Christian Symbol
Man who posted photos of stacks of cash and jewelry to Instagram using hashtag #drugmoney is conspirator in alleged marijuana ring
Josh Duggar molested his sisters, and his dad Jim-bob didn't report the sex crimes for over a year. The proof is in the police report.
Southwest Airlines baggage handlers ran alleged marijuana ring from Oakland; conspirator posted stacks of cash to Instagram w/ hashtag #drugmoney
6 Things That Could've Been Bought With The $1.5 Trillion The Government Spent Developing The F-35 Fighter Jet
Airplane Dumped Poop On Girl's Birthday Party, Family Claims
Man burns his chair looking for his lighter with another lighter
Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez sports prison tattoo that reads 'Lifetime'
Bin Laden documents: US officials will not release al-Qaeda leader's pornography stash
Elon Musk Supports Pregnancy Leave, Is Not a Samurai
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Made Its Way to Senate Floor to Describe Republicans
Professor: If you read to your kids, you are "unfairly disadvantaging" others
Willoughby fugitive arrested after returning to Eastlake crime scene for hat
Students sue Florida college for alleged forced vaginal probes
The Guy From '10 Things I Hate About You' Who Started a Religion Had His Temple Raided for Kombucha
Magazine obtains police report over Josh Duggar sexual molestation investigation; he admits past 'mistakes,' resigns Family Council job
'Jem' Movie Nothing To Worry About, Says Producer Of 'Jem' Movie
Cross-dressing diva Conchita Wurst to Putin: Let's hang out
Paralyzed Man Drinks Beer by Moving Robotic Arm With His Mind
Cry Easily? You May Be A Highly Sensitive Person
Woman Arrested For Biting Off Pit Bull's Testicles
Ancient cannibals liked their meat smothered in chilli sauce: Study
Meet 'Patrick': The robotic proctology-simulation ass
Teen to graduate high school with 8 college degrees
Deceased councilwoman in Pittsburgh wins Democratic primary
Searching For The N-Word On Google Maps Pulls Up The White House And Other Minority Institutions
'Saudi Girls' Finally Get to Drive, but Only in a Videogame
Man gets naked in frustration due to overbooked flight
"Girl's Sweet 16 ruined by feces falling from plane." (I shit you not.)
Tennesse pays $46,000 for new state logo
Roger Daltrey threatens to cancel concert due to marijuana smoke
Roger Daltrey Doesn't Want Fans Smoking Pot at Who Concerts
Dog brains found in the street in Governor have everybody guessing how they got there.
Dog brains found in the street in Gouverneur have everybody guessing how they got there | NorthCountryNow
Too many talkers as two-hour roundtable fails to finish in four hours
Tampa sued by nonprofit agency over panhandling ban
DEP Uncertain How to Fight Mine Fire Because of Bats
Man "Devastated" to Discover Krakozhia Not Real
People Say They Want Compromise But Not Really
Suspect being chased by cops calls 911 to get rid of them
Dem slams GOP with a ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
It Turns Out bin Laden Was Worried About Climate Change
ISIS is trying to turn Americans away from potato chips
Pennsylvania teen says he blackmailed his mother into having sex with him: report
Wisconsin Town Vows to Drive Out Woman's 'Therapy' Pet Kangaroo
"Mattress Girl" told Paul she was raped in highschool. He offered to help her get help. A year later she would go on to claim he raped her too.
Local Girl's Sweet 16 Party Comes to a Messy End (x-post from /r/WTF)
What do you mean I can't call my lighter with another lighter?!
Artist Steals Instagram Photos & Sells Them For $100K At NYC Gallery
Analysis and Opinion are the key factors for success! Learn it from
Man Hires Hookers & His Own Daughters Show Up At Hotel
The Islamic State Wants to Use America's Love of Junk Food Against It
Smart Bracelet Band TW07 for you
Local Girl's Sweet 16 Party Comes to a Messy End
Arizona woman gets 3.5 years prison for driving over non-voting husband
Armed elderly woman holds off deputies in hours-long standoff at California trailer park
McDonald's Is Days From Opening Restaurant Run Entirely By Robots
Girl's Sweet 16 ruined by feces falling from plane
Rockford man to announce he's running for President
Alex Jones's Website: Osama bin Laden a 9/11 Truther
Man arrested 492 times for being drunk in public
FAcebook New Studies - Music | Sinhala Music Videos | Sinhala Video Songs | Live Show | Video Songs
Anti-Booing Technology Set Up for Russia at Eurovision
ISIS Members decry suicide-bomber wait list
Bahar Mustafa: Police called in over Goldsmiths Union diversity officer's 'race hate tweet'
Law Against Drinking Denounced as Violation of Human Rights
[image] J.K. Rowling Twitter reviews Neville Longbottom actor's underwear photos.
'Eric Shit' is the latest tech CEO to get a portrait made out of poop
If you vote Yes in today's Marriage Referendum, you get an extra sausage (in your breakfast)
MAG 250 IPTV Box At the Best Price
Colorado defendant brings stuffed animal as attorney to court hearing
Elderly Woman Shoots Robot, Holds L.A. Deputies at Bay for 22 Hours
David Luiz: PSG defender dismisses 'virgin' reports
Nokia Phone Saves Chinese Man Saved From Fatal Crush
Nokia Phone Saves Chinese Man From Fatal Crush
Durex owner faces friction over plans to buy K-Y lubricant brand
ISIS have long suicide bomber waiting list - but rich Saudis are allowed to jump the queue
IS fighters claim nepotism means they unfairly have to wait longer on suicide bombing lists
Mother: Middle School Teacher Fired For Allowing Students To Have Sex In Classroom Closet
Man Attacked For Eating A Burger By Vegetarian In A Meat Suit
Police hope arrest of sock bandit thwarts possible intentions
Buffalo stakeout ends man's marijuana-cookie drive-thru
Millions of Baby Spiders Reportedly Rain Down on Australian Town
Eiffel Tower closed amid workers' anger about pickpockets
One-third of American 8th graders think Canada is a dictatorship
Shit Falls From Sky Ruins Sweet 16 Party and Lands on Birthday Girl
New Playboy app is SFW
New Low: Sheriff's Office Claims Infant at Fault for SWAT Team Blowing His Face Apart with Grenade
New York City vendor caught on camera charging tourists $30 for a hot dog
SNP MP Stuart McDonald left at Heathrow after SNP MP Stewart McDonald takes ticket
Poo bus breaks wind to set land speed world record
Halifax staff say they'll no longer call buildings 'watermelons'
PSL man denies trying to burn chair as drugs tumble from shoe
Saudi Arabia 'seeking to head United Nations Human Rights Council'
Immigration Canada Not A Fan Of Interracial Marriages, Poor People
Plane disgusting! Sweet 16 party gets bombarded by poop, Pennsylvania family claims
'Lolz' And Thousands Of Other Words Added to Scrabble Dictionary
Traffic cops fine dead cyclist Hit with post mortem fine for 'hazardous driving'
Bon Jovi gives grads a very special gift: their own song
Jon Bon Jovi breaks out guitar at commencement address
4.3 quake hits Kent coast, tips over garden chairs & sparks Twitter satire
Russian Psychiatric Hospital Fined for Showing Kids 'The Silence of the Lambs'
Traffic cops fine dead cyclist
Cross-Dressing Diva Conchita Wurst to Russia's Putin: Let's Hang Out
Man angry about overbooked flight strips naked in airport
Supermarket launches "Family month" campaign, offers discount on toys and vodka.
Sewage still stinks, but smell improving, says Stratford mayor
A Man Caught Sneaking Into Women's Toilet Says He Has Been Eating Poop For 8 Years
Milwaukee Man Pronounced Dead, but then Starts Moving
TLC airs 19 Kids and Counting marathon after show members confirm molestation report
iPhone 5C saved a 25-year-old man's life from a shotgun bullet
Nickelback Has 'Most Sophisticated' Lyrics in Rock, Analyst Says
Miley Cyrus cries as she sings tribute to dead pet blowfish
Mugabe blames xenophobic violence in SA on white people
After week in jail, Florida mom agrees to son's circumcision
Chased by police, Middleboro man called 911 for help
Russia's Anti-Drinking Law Denounced as Human Rights Violation
Handcuffed mom signs consent for son's circumcision to get out of jail.
TLC airs 19 Kids and Counting marathon after Josh Duggar child molestation allegations
Dave Matthews on Summer Tour: 'We're Trying Not to Suck'
J.K. Rowling Twitter reviews Neville Longbottom actor's underwear photos.
MILEY CYRUS CRIES AS SHE SINGS TRIBUTE FOR DEAD PET BLOWFISH
Mark Zuckerberg Is the Greatest and Facebook Is the Best
Boy Scouts Ban Squirt Guns, Refer To Them As 'Firearms'
Wyoming can now put you in jail for sharing nature photos with the government
Nobody Wants To Be Ruled By Redheads
Mizzou Baseball Players Use Red-Headed Teammate To Heat Up A Rally
Turkish Mayor Sued After Blowing City Budget On Giant Robot Statue
7 y/o goes to dentist for a tooth removal, gets seven teeth removed,beaten and choked by dentist.
"Thank God we took the cake back in!" Plane drops feces over backyard during Sweet 16 party
Wandering goat jumps on school bus
Pete Townshend of The Who stops Long Island show to insult fan for smoking marijuana
A Few Good Reasons to Drop Out of Art School
Indy 500 drivers prefer whole milk, survey says
'Bacon' and 'Drooling Face' Are Among the 38 New Emojis Arriving Next Year
Woman on Leash Led Through Staten Island Mall
(x-post from /r/FloridaMan) - Man burns chair while trying to find his lighter with another lighter
Stowaways found in new Maserati sports cars in Surrey
Sheriff sends in SWAT tank and chopper - and finds a sleeping man with food
Woman ordered by judge to circumcise her son.
New Study Shows Riots Make America Conservative.
It's okay to f*ck cows if you're in New Jersey
Most humane nation wants to head UN Human Rights Council
Brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un spotted at Eric Clapton gig in London
Farmington Hills Police Whose goat is this?
Richard Prince making big money on selling Instagram screenshots
Woman sentenced to prison after running over her Husband because he didn't vote in the 2012 Presidential election
Isis: We'll buy nuclear weapon from Pakistan within 12 months and do something truly epic
Naked man sits atop Fort Lauderdale drawbridge
Police: Former Upstate nurse took pictures of patients intimate parts while unconscious
Kim Jong-un's brother visits London to watch Eric Clapton
Utah Man Fired For Blog About Homophones, Which Apparently Promote The Gay Agenda
Fast, drunk man sprints 1K after punching cop in court
After years of paralysis, a man drinks a beer with the help of a mind-reading robot
Mother found pushing dead three-year-old on a swing in Md. park
Mesa wife gets 3.5 years for running over husband after '12 election
Poop falls from sky onto girl at her Sweet 16 party
Campaign worker sends fake news release saying foe left race
How To Scare A Sea Lion: Bring In The (Fake) Orca
ISIS: Michelle Obama Is Worth $40 - The Daily Beast
11-year-old graduates from Calif. college with 3 degrees
Surprisingly Polite Gunman Says "I'm Sorry, My Bad" After Shooting at Motorist
Atheism spreads in Saudi Arabia, despite official ban
Google apologises for racist 'n*gga house' search that takes users to White House
Suit: Competitor's Smiley Face Cookies 'Confusingly Similar'
Man with chronic sock fetish caught by police in sting with laundry basket in bait car
Indiana justices: Death row inmate can only die once
Pro tip to politicians: If you impregnate a teenager, don't send out this photo
DEA agents lied about owning "New Jersey's sleaziest strip club"
Police admit falsely arresting teen rape victim: "this is what happens when you lie."
Huckabee backs Josh Duggar, slams those 'sensationalizing' molestation allegations
Man survives shotgun attack after his iPhone takes brunt of blast
Reality TV, Nazi-Occupation Style: Czech family must survive for two months under re-created WWII conditions, complete with Gestapo
Elon Musk created his own grade school for the children of SpaceX employees
Mike Huckabee defends Josh Duggar after molestation confession: 'Good people make mistakes'
FDNY Reportedly Scared to Dismiss Firefighter Who Won't Fight Fires & Disappeared During 3-Alarm Blaze
Gov. Jindal issues executive order overriding Landrieu's executive order overriding his executive order
ISIS: Michelle Obama Is Worth $40
Most provinces hold a by-election when voting ends in a tie. Not P.E.I. - they flip a coin
Couple leaves $850,000 estate to U.S. government
Man comes home to find neighbor has taken half his driveway
Ontario man arrested for trafficking cocaine, ketamine by mail
Pirates possibly victimized by autocorrect; donuts are involved
State Sen. David Lucas embarks on singing career
I have no penis, and I've slept with over 100 women
Kim Jong-Un's Brother Seen At Eric Clapton Gig
Pirates accidentally offer 'sexual donuts' in fan promotion
Isis magazine Dabiq attacks 'conspiracy theories' causing jihadists to flee
Idaho Whistle Pig Tests Positive For The Plague
Reporter Grabs Hillary Clinton's Knee, Asks if she can "Ride in Her Lap to the White House"
Elephant snatches student's camera, snaps an 'elphie'
Employee throws gutter ball in staged robbery case
Delta's 'Internetest safety video' packed with memes
Colombia Plans To Fight Cocaine With Hungry Caterpillars
I'm an Asian and an Anime fan, I don't like western cosplayers
This case will be a hoot! 67-year-old man brings 'Harvard-educated' STUFFED OWL to court as his defense attorney
Aspen defendant enlists stuffed animal as his attorney
Low Speed Car Chase in LA (Live)
Redhead banned from school in England for being too ginger
Colonial Williamsburg to Offer Guests Chance to Shoot Guns, Pet Live Animals
Akron cops fail to flush 'serial pooper'
Robert De Niro to NYU grads: 'You're f-ked'
Ice addict reportedly eats own eyeballs in hospital emergency dept
Mary-Kate, Ashley Olsen won't be on 'Fuller House'; Uncle Jesse 'heartbroken'
Russian woman shot in selfie blunder
Singaporean dies in selfie accident
Congressman on Senate floor: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Confirmed: Kanye West went through a McDonald's drive-thru in his Lamborghini
local community upset over veteran discount signs posted in cemetery
'Dead' Man Starts Moving on His Way to Morgue
Chris Pratt Apologizes in Advance for Potential 'JurassicGate' and Misbehaving on Press Tour
Catholic bishop tells women to abstain from yoga
BIZARRE SLOW-SPEED CHASE ENDS WHEN BYSTANDER BLOCKS CAR
ISIS fighters complain they are not being chosen to blow themselves up on suicide missions because leaders' friends and family get put to the top of the waiting list
Josh Duggar: Mike Huckabee Defends the '19 Kids and Counting' Star
Woman reportedly shoots self in head while taking selfie
Prediksi Chievo vs Atalanta 24 Mei 2015
Blind Akita has two seeing eye dogs - her brothers
Osama's porn stash stays a dirty secret
Saudi Arabia Wants to Head UN Human Rights Council; Sparks Uproar
Politician says Taliban not the real enemy; military needs to shift focus to operations against jeans wearing women
Naked Florida man rescued after getting stuck on drawbridge
Crystal meth addict 'gouged out his eyes and ate them' while high on drug, Australian MP claims
Legalization threatens Oakland drug dealer revenue
Pizza shop owner arrested in central Israel for drugging cops
Poop falls out of sky, rains down on Sweet 16 party
Mother agrees to son's circumcision in exchange for release from Florida jail
Dallas School Recalls Yearbooks Over Mean Quotes
Tom Cruise sent his 'tech heads' to NASA to revamp their website
Dutch immigrant kids take to street demanding 'white' classmates
Kim Kardashian: I dare people to work as hard as I do
The Rock crowned World Selfie Champion
Bank of England accidentally emails Brexit taskforce plans to newspaper
Panic stations after child hides key of referendum ballot box in the ballot box
Dalai Lama may be reincarnated as 'mischievous blonde'
Namas-DIE: Dartmouth trio hope to win $1m to make yoga horror film
Are people stealing your Facebook photos and putting them on escort sites?
HyperAntivirus - The best antivirus modernity
Family party ruined as human poo rains down 'from plane overhead'
Four jailed for life after insulting UAE on Twitter
"staff member twice told passengers their train was delayed because someone "couldn't be bothered to live anymore"."
Vigil for Cow Shot by Police with Cow Onsies
'Slavery Is Over': Ferguson Protesters Hired to Cause Civil Unrest Demand Pay
Joe Biden releases both emails sent as vice president (New Yorker)
Poop falls from sky and ruins sweet 16 party.
Moscow issues travel warning over U.S. 'hunt' for Russians
North Korea tourism down 37% as Kim Jong-un's Ebola obsession and brutal regime deter visitors
North Korea tourism tanks 37 percent
Belleville man with chronic sock fetish charged with burglary
Cannes Film Festival Won't Admit Women Wearing Flat Shoes
Paralyzed man can have beer using robotic arm
Passengers told Plymouth train was delayed because someone 'couldn't be bothered to live any more'
Self-Promoters Tend to Misjudge How Annoying They Are to Others
Only guilty of taking pictures, not anal sex: Dad
Man wielding banana robs market, "peels away," say cops
America Snores When Christian Terrorist Threatens to Massacre Muslims
Emails Show Reporter Grabbed Hillary Clinton's Knee, Asked if she can "Ride in Her Lap to the White House"
Mind-Controlled Robot Arm Lets Paralyzed Man Drink A Beer On His Own
Brain implants control robot arm well enough to grab a beer
Dock Street Is Playing Non-Stop Wu Tang While It Ages a Beer
Mom found pushing dead 3 year old son in park swing
King Henry I, like Richard III, could be buried in a car park, say archaeologists
PETA Criticizes Farmer for Swearing at Sheep
Singaporean tourist dies in Bali after falling from cliffs while taking selfie
Kim Jong-un's brother goes missing after attending two straight Eric Clapton concerts
Kim Jong-un's brother goes missing after attending two straight Eric Clapton concerts in London
Ewe must be joking: PETA investigates Australian farmer for verbally abusing sheep
German woman Annegret Raunigk, 65, has quadruplets
A high-tech hotel opening in Japan will be staffed by multilingual robots
M. Night Shyamalan Continues to Talk About "The Last Airbender" as if People Actually Liked It
Cleveland Cop Found Not Guilty Of Manslaughter After Firing 49 Shots At Unarmed Black Couple
Milwaukee man pronounced dead - until he started to move
Patriots' fan declares Brady's innocence in her obituary
Mass. Woman's Obituary Proclaims: "Brady is Innocent!!"
Poop Falls From Sky and Ruins Sweet 16 Party, Family Says
Why Physicists Love Super Balls
A 'Gang' Of Graffiti Grandmas Has Taken Over Lisbon
Self-Parking Car Runs over its Master
Mother found pushing dead 3-year-old son in swing at La Plata Park
Mike Huckabee: Duggar Family The Victim Of An 'Insensitive Bloodthirst'
Put this on your johnson for "lucid" dreams
Obama is nostalgic for "white" Israel
Man pretending to be cop tried to pull over off-duty officer, police say
Emmaus man accidentally shoots self at gun safety class
CARBON MONOXIDE KILLS KENTUCKY COUPLE HAVING SEX IN CAR
Mesa woman gets prison for running over husband for not voting
War hero goat to star in rom-com
Singapore bans Jolin Tsai's MV... for encouraging the pursuit of equal rights of marriage for the LGBTI community
Old man pushed off bike in Semaphore due to Facebook vigilantism [xpost /r/adelaide]
LeBron James encourages Cleveland protesters to rally behind Cavaliers
Oregon man burned in blast making hash oil sues butane businesses
Woman found pushing dead 3-year-old son in swing
Muslims Demand That 'Offensive' Crosses Be Removed... From CATHOLIC School
In her obituary, a 72-year-old Massachusetts woman declares Tom Brady's innocence
Police itching to find suspect in rash of genital flashers
Woman found pushing dead 3-year-old in swing
N.J. students' art depicting police brutality sets off controversy
Jihadi watch: Schools plan to teach students and teachers how to spot terrorists
ANH THƠ || Tuyển tập những ca khúc quê hương hay nhất Vol 1|| 2015
Woman accidentally shoots herself in head while taking selfie
Official Trailer Jose Aldo vs. Conor McGregor
Guinea families transport bodies in public taxis
CORVETTE DRIVER TAUGHT A LESSON FOR TAKING UP TWO PARKING SPOTS
When it comes to sexual desirability, balls are often treated as an afterthought
(The Guardian) A history of human rights abuses in fairytales
Woman hits self with bowling ball as cover for robbery
Nickelback: should Canadian pride outweigh Aussie derision?
Czech TV Reality Show Criticized for Recreating Nazi Occupation
Fans accuse UK's Eurovision entry of ripping off 1980s Birds Eye Potato Waffles adverts
Police Find Mother Pushing Her Dead 3-Year-Old Son on Playground Swing
Mama June - Bring 'Honey Boo Boo' Back Or I'll Sue for a Million Bucks!!!
Artist Richard Prince makes $90,000 selling someone else's Instagram picture
Passenger charged with drunk driving in Labrador City
Australian footballer sent off for tackling giant BBQ sauce bottle
George Osborne fails to deliver on promise to french kiss Lynton Crosby
Bearded man in dress finds Conchita 'repulsive'
Isis burns woman alive for refusing to engage in 'extreme' sex act, UN says
CNBC pundit declares smartphones 'over,' says Apple could be the next BlackBerry
Woman uses obituary to say Brady innocent in 'Deflategate'
Denver's Housing Market So Hot Couple Makes Music Video For Place They Want
Muay Thai Fighter Suspended For Illegal Titanium Shin Implants in Chiang Mai
Follow Religion? Destroy ancient ruins of Palmyra
Boy cautioned by police for playing Dungeons & Dragons
'Rape worse in Sweden than India', says Gandhi
Russia Should Nuke Yellowstone And San Andreas Fault Line, Says Strategist
Ayr Hospital surgeon amputated leg with 'rusty hacksaw'
Frenchman makes false bomb alert to delay girlfriend's plane
PETA complain about shearers swearing at sheep
Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio asks public's help with legal fees
New twist on IRS scam sends armed officers to victim
Surgeon uses 'rusty hacksaw' to amputate leg after hospital staff found B&Q was closed
Carolina Panthers QB Cam Newton Graduates From Auburn, Wants to Open a Day Care Center
ISIS fighters are getting angry because they're not getting picked for suicide missions
Ohio Governor After Cop Acquitted: 'The People Of Cleveland Should Be Proud'.
Why giant pandas have to eat, poop all day
LA GENTE RESPONDE #2 - Scalabrini l Nosotrostmb
NJ students art depicting police brutality upsets NJ police (xpost from r/news)
Judge John P. O'Donnell explains why Michael Brelo was found not guilty
Judge uses baseball analogy to explain why cop who shot 15 times at an unarmed couple wasn't found guilty
отзыв и обзор проекта Alltogether today
Woman compares trans people to 'child predators' but her own son confessed to molesting girl, 12
Panti Bliss: 'Ireland is no longer ruled by the Catholic Church'
Elon Musk is terrified that Google CEO Larry Page will accidentally create 'evil' robots that take over the world
Sword-wielding bipolar man in elf costume stabs BMW, fights criminal charges in trial
The new female character in Assassins Creed Syndicate is not plus size and that is a problem
Why do males even exist?
A$AP Rocky Had Three Consecutive Orgies at SXSW After Makonnen Gave Him Acid
Reds Manager Bryan Price Ejected Before Start of Game
Art Garfunkel on Paul Simon: I 'Created A Monster'
In Explosive Scandal, Cruz Admits Studying Science in College
Reds Manager Bryan Price Ejected Before the Game Started
Jaden Smith Confirmed As Static Shock By Tyler James Williams
No pay, no play! Poor kids banned from school carnival
Cuckolding fetishist writing Nickelodeon children show.
New Indiana law will give tickets to people who are not speeding
Teaching Encryption Soon to Be Illegal in Australia
ISIS 'jihadi bride' claims forced sex with Yazidi girls is never rape because Koran condones it
Former Army chief David Morrison denies 'conspiracy' surrounding timing of Jedi Council investigation
Cynthia McKinney: The Government is Using Vaccines to Give Black Kids Autism
Cleveland cops involved in 137-shot barrage claim they're victims of discrimination
Insecure, narcissistic people more likely to post on Facebook - report
PETA demanding Britain's oldest pub - Ye Olde Fighting Cocks - change it's name for being offensive to chickens.
10 Facts About Passages Malibu Founders
Google patents 'creepy' internet toys to run the home
Man Says Wii Burned His House Down
Fifa's president, Sepp Blatter, likens himself to a mountain goat
Illinois man arrested again for stealing socks
A head scratcher: 9 brains found next to train tracks
Why would Hillary Clinton join LinkedIn? Is it even still a thing?
Pakistan Cricket Board wants India to be its 'home ground' for all international matches
Ferguson Protesters Promised Cash To "Simulate Chaos," Now Soros' Group Won't Pay, So They're Protesting THEM
Thieves 'borrow' PennDOT truck from storage lot
Welcome to Japan's ramen spas, where you bathe in noodles
NASA: No, We're Not on the Verge of Developing a Warp Drive
Scott County jail officer charged with firing BB gun at children
500-gallon water tanker stolen from Oakland hills site
Obese teens' brains unusually susceptible to food commercials, study finds
Oakland Thief Takes Off With 500 Gallon Water Tanker
The Size Of Your Butt Could Determine How Smart Your Children Are
Cyclists attack PedalPubs with squirt guns in Minneapolis; six arrested
Simon 'a jerk,' says Garfunkle
See How Carpet at Portland International Airport Became A Celebrity
Portland airport's carpet has become a celebrity
Farmer Slammed For Cursing at His Sheep Replies: I Still Haven't Had a Sheep Come To Me To Complain
Woman Gets 3 1/2 Years In Prison For Running Over Her Husband For Not Voting For Romney
IS threat to rare bird near Palmyra
Adam Sandler is awful, and it's our fault
NASA discovers new planet covered with Marijuana
Remarkably Buff Kangaroo Moves Into Australian Suburb
Really Buff Kangaroo Moves Into Brisbane Suburb, Flaunts Bulging Muscles
FIFA President Sepp Blatter: "I am a mountain goat".
British poo-powered bus sets speed record: "It sounded like a Vulcan bomber."
Trump Wishes All You Losers a Happy Memorial Day
British poo-powered bus sets speed record
Immigration Department tells public servants to stop wearing Ugg boots and onesies
Man Named Bacon Charged in Fight Over Last Piece of Sausage, Cops Say
Woman Uses Obituary To Declare Tom Brady's 'Deflategate' Innocence
Perfect son who admits watching explicit internet porn as a child warped his attitude towards women, and left him feeling depressed, anxious and mentally disturbed
Turtle gets a 3-D printed titanium jaw, now looks like a supervillain
No pay, no play! Poor kids banned from NY school carnival
Al-Qaeda's Job Application Form Revealed
Inmate who is 'eating the jail' costs Cook County $1 million in health care
56-year-old man gets life for stealing $900 of cigarettes
New York artist 'makes $115,000' selling someone else's Instagram picture
Dumbest War Ever Erupts Over Which State Looks More Like A Mitten
Qatar residents urged not to take out loans to go on exotic vacations
Indian media goes wild when the West Bengal Minister, Rachpal Singh gets his security personnel to tie his shoelaces
Giant kangaroo on the loose keeps trying to fight golfers and dog walkers
In Myanmar, Muslims Arrested for Joining Terror Group That Doesn't Exist.
Masturbating men 'will find their hands pregnant in the afterlife,' says Muslim televangelist
Rare Condition Causes Woman To See Humans As Dragons
Humans 'will become God-like cyborgs within 200 years'
Pastor caught having gay sex in van spent stolen church money on farmer dating website: police
Ireland's gay marriage campaign reveals the perils of being a stock-photo model
Minneapolis PedalPub riders hit with water balloons, 6 arrested
Vigil held for runaway cow killed after escaping from Trenton slaughterhouse
Adult film performers, regulators clash over safety standards on porn sets
12 cannabis plants found growing opposite garda station
Kim Jong-un's Brother Missing After Attending Clapton Concert
Man Dies After Lighting Cigarette at Md. Gas Station
Right-wing organisation holds massive rally against love jihad
Rogozin on sanctions - " the tanks do not need visas "
KFC Tray Typer keyboard is finger clickin' good
Turkmenistan's leader, infamous for falling off a horse, unveils a giant statue of himself riding a horse
Water park in Japan lets you play with -- and eat dolphins
After giving officer a wave, Illinois man arrested on drunken driving
Animal abuse allegations included swearing at sheep
'Intactivist' mom who took son into hiding to save his foreskin sobs in court as she signs consent for circumcision
Why people are trying to talk to demons
"Every time someone takes a sip of Guinness, a part of straight marriage dies" - Bobby Jindal, governor of Louisiana
Clever dog learns how to trampoline over 6ft fence
Shortage of religious executioners in Saudi pushes recruitment drive
Enterprise: Leaving Florida? Rent one-way out of Florida for $9.95/day.
New Indiana law will give tickets to people who are preventing others from speeding
If You Get Memorial Day Off, You're Lucky
ISIS militants driving rare bird to Extinction. Here's how.
Chris Pratt hasn't said anything offensive yet, but he's already very sorry
The Westboro Baptist Church try to condemn Ireland, can't figure out our flag
Law school might move to former jail
Westboro baptist church accidentally hates the Ivory Coast
Hong Kong children under three are being trained for kindergarten interviews
Russia plans to use prison labor for 2018 World Cup construction and building materials
Peta calls for 'Britain's oldest pub' to change name from Ye Olde Fighting Cocks and celebrate 'intelligent, sensitive chickens'
Russia plans to use prison labor for 2018 World Cup
U.S. Special Forces Are Waging War Against The Islamic State Via Cell Phones
Special operators lament Islamic State strategy: 'We are doing everything through cellphones'
New Indiana law: Move over, slowpokes
Obese Teens Are 'unusually susceptible' to food commercials, study finds
Kangaroo flexes 'big pecs' as he stalks Australian town, golf courses
One-third of American 8th graders think Canada is a dictatorship, report reveals
Police: Driver crashes boat into Long Island jetty, then runs off
MAN, 46, DROWNS NEAR ANTIOCH TRYING TO SAVE CAT, INVESTIGATORS SAY
White Calgary mom hopes community BBQ will stop her family from being 'racially slurred'
Google files patent for creepy teddy bear
9 Brains Found In The Road In New York Town
Presidential candidate Ted Cruz fails to identify clitoris on female anatomy chart.
Franklin, Indiana man accused of choking fiancee over NASCAR-IndyCar dispute
Track Meet Delayed After Girl Poops on the Track
Monk dubbed 'Buddhist Bin Laden' targets Myanmar's persecuted Muslims
Man Asks City To Ban Fart Smells
It's Time to Bring Imperialism Back to the Middle East
Police mistake pressure cooker for bomb and have bombsquad detonate it. Driver subsequently arrested for revoked license.
Bounce House Sent Flying by Water Spout
Man carried out sex act in public after getting idea during cannabis-smoking session, court hears
Irish Columnist Relocates to Uganda Over Gay Marriage
Missing Fullerton couple found; wife survived for 2 weeks on pie, rainwater
Latest Twitter trend Charlie Charlie Challenge has teens trying to summon Mexican demon
Cubans Protest Venezuelan Political Imprisonment, 163 Get Arrested
Twitter trend 'Charlie Charlie Challenge' has teens trying to summon demon
President Obama marks first Memorial Day in 14 years without major US war
A Tech Guy from Detroit Created a Dating App that Matches Israelis with Palestinians
Tahoe bear battle: Vacationer claims Bear League activists harassed him over trap
Oregon kitty puts 'cat' in 'cat burglar,' steals neighbors' toys, shoes
Art Garfunkel: Being Kind to Paul Simon 'Created a Monster'
Man Asks City To Ban Fart Smells -- For A Good Reason
Oregon Man Demands That City Council Do Something About Gross Farts
Musings Of An Average Joe: Is George W. Bush The Smartest Human Who Has Ever Lived?
University of Tokyo Baseball Team Ends Losing Streak at 94 Games
Kenyan lawyer offers Obama 50 cows, 70 sheep, 30 goats to marry his daughter Malia
Al Qaeda's Job Application Form: Do You Want to Be a Suicide Bomber?
George W. Bush Offered to Officiate Same-Sex Wedding
Slavery on NZ seas: rape, bonded labour and abuse widespread on fishing boats
Town mulls moving veteran's grave to make way for new Walmart
Researchers Say They're Getting Closer to Creating a Dino-Chicken
Drunk Shopping Service Encourages You to Buy Useless Things at 2 A.M.
Squirrel blamed for multi-vehicle crash in Nanaimo
Pizzeria serves cops drug-laced pie
Midtown homeowners want to keep 'only $500K' midrise out of neighbourhood
Dino-Chicken Gets One Step Closer
Man injured after burning himself at gas station.
While covering a story about a fallen policy officer's funeral, news station uses nickname for Confederate flag (stars and bars) in reference to the US flag. On Memorial Day.
How to Not Break Your Dick During Sex | VICE | United States
Harris County OHSEM: "Please dial 911 for emergency needs. Do not use social media to request urgent assistance." Twitter user: "people do that?" County: "They do."
Koalas in Australia's Victoria region could be culled
Female shopper ejected from Saudi mall 'for not wearing gloves'
Man asks city to ban farts...
Masturbating men 'will find their hands pregnant in the afterlife,' 'claims Muslim televangelist'
Latest Stylish Business Backpack Bag - Buy Business Backpack Bag,Ladies Business Bags,2014 Promotion Bags For Business Product on Alibaba.com
Denver ComicCon Had a Women In Comics Panel With No Women
President of Turkey Erdogan to New York Times: Who are you? Know your place!
Danish radio station criticised for killing baby rabbit on air
Japan braces for severe butter shortage
Crimean Lawmaker Refuses to Duel With Night Wolves' Chief Over Land Dispute
Man Turns to 'Human Balloon' After Falling on Air Hose
Tragic man hangs himself - 'because his penis was TOO BIG after enlargement op'
Staten Island man photographed walking fiancée in mall on leash explains 'Puppy Play' lifestyle
6 arrested after water balloon attack on pedal pub riders
Teen Dies After Being Hit By Baseball In Minnesota
Man kills rabbit on live radio.
Chinese officials sent on prison tours as a 'warning' against corruption
Pope Francis says he has not watched television for 25 years and he relies on a Swiss Guard to keep him informed of football results.
North Korean couple kidnapped by IS militants
Pope Francis says he has not watched television for 25 years
Chris Pratt Preemptively Apologizes For Offending You in the Future
A mother in Kenya delivers triplets despite trying to abort them
Belgium Turns to UN to Reclaim French Fries Stolen by American Soldiers
Do Touch The Artwork At Prado's Exhibit For The Blind
Why The Oldest Person In The World Keeps Dying
Chris Pratt is pre-apologizing for offensive things he may or may not say
Ohioan Posts Message on His SUV: 'Got Kidney? I Need 1'
Al-qaeda fighter: Scared teen who fought in Syria now wants mom and dad to save him - TomoNews
Western Teen Who traveled to join ISIL wants to go back & live in Parents' Basement
Court Rules Songs by Russian Metal Bands Are 'Extremist'
Totally Legit Science: Memorial Day Traffic Will Make You Fat
McDonald's To Open A Restaurant Run By Robots In Phoenix
Investigation launched after woman killed by cow in Monaghan
Man in car challaned for not wearing helmet!
Meerut Man Fined for Not Wearing Helmet While Driving Car
China: Man breaks world record by covering himself with 1.1 million bees weighing 100kg
Surgeons used saw found in cupboard to amputate man's leg
Hugh Laurie Can't Shake Limp He Developed To Play Dr. House, Even Years After Show Ended
Danish radio station kills rabbit live on air
We Asked a Psychic to Predict the 2016 Presidential Election.
Russia: Chechen leader stars in action film
Astronaut reads 'Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy' in space
OCCRP Person of the Year
Legislature considers bill allowing hunters to wear pink in effort to attract more women
Waffle-maker dispute results in 30 people kicked out of Mason County hotel, police say
Potty training? Capitol Police learn to keep track of their guns
David Guetta forced to DJ off USBs, described it as old school
Isis fighters complaining of 'Saudi nepotism' on group's waiting list for suicide bombers
'Tanks don't need visas,' Putin aide tells west
Failed state: New micro-kingdom of Enclava forced to move after drawing Slovenia's ire
Gerard Depardieu 'Ready to Die' for New Homeland Russia
Kim Jong-Un praises 'miracle' sub missile test, despite claims it is fake
A history of human rights abuses in fairytales
Russian Senator wants to prevent young Russian hockey players to playing in the NHL
Indiana man choked fiancee who trash-talked NASCAR
A reminder that your Instagram photos aren't really yours: Someone else can sell them for $90,000
Pop-Tart gun bill passes Nevada State Senate, one step from law.
Braking for squirrel causes four-vehicle B.C. pileup | Toronto Star
Pop-Tart gun bill passes Senate, one step from law
Woman accidentally shoots herself in the head while posing for a selfie
Morning 'best time to rob a bank'
Missing woman to sister: 'We are floating in a house'
Bow tie wearing duck spotted waiting in car at Crediton Tesco
Maple Lodge Farms launches probe after 'disturbing' allegations of animal cruelty
Lesbian Rabbi Stands Up FOR Sharia Law
Radio DJs kill baby rabbit live on air with bike pump 'to highlight animal welfare'
Can you spell rivalry? Family dynasties fuel competition, intrigue at spelling bee
Man claims Nintendo Wii burnt down his RV
Should Women Copy Men By Faking The 80 Hour Work Week?
Man drowns while trying to swim across pond with 10 lb rock
Man Asks City To Ban Fart Smell....
Pennsylvania prison inmates heard shouting about sandwiches
Rise in sperm donations could lead to more incest, warns professor.
'Stairway to Heaven' lawsuit: Led Zeppelin denies copyright claims, admits being 'one of the greatest bands in history'
American bees get taste of Obama's socialism
Man Creates Buzz In Record-Breaking 'Bee Suit'
New Indiana law requires drivers not speeding to move over
Good Wine Tastes More Like Koala Urine Than You'd Think
Islamic preacher warns that men who masturbate will get their hands PREGNANT... and will have to look after their offspring in the afterlife
'Humans could probably live forever as a machine, potentially' says vague neuroscientist
Supreme Court to consider redefining 'one-person, one-vote' principle
If house price forecasts are on the money it will become "unaffordable to exist" in Britain
Man thanks beer for saving his life in the Texas flooding.
Hillary Clinton Introduces the Pantsuit Tee
Tomato juice does taste better on a plane
San Marcos Resident Writes Powerful Letter Crediting Local Beer For Saving His Life in Flood
For an IS fighter, a paid honeymoon in caliphate's heart
How Successful People Beat Stress And Anxiety - Forbes
[Detroit Police] Chief: 'I wouldn't' pump gas in Detroit overnight
Abu Dhabi sport star jailed one year for raping boy
8ft 1in Indian reveals he is struggling to find love because of his height and had to get a job charging 10p for photos because no-one would employ him... but most people take a snap then run away
72,000 ladybugs were turned loose inside a Maryland high school
Orange City twin brothers charged after throwing bricks at each other
1 comment Cleveland police to stop hitting people on heads with guns as part of Justice Department agreement
Cleveland police to stop hitting people on heads with guns as part of Justice Department agreement
Osama Bin Laden's Porn Collection Won't Be Made Public, Unfortunately
Students release 72,000 ladybugs at Md. school for senior prank
Former DOJ Attorney Has Filed for the Deportation of Barack Obama
Record Store Day Goes Weekly with "Vinyl Tuesday"
Phillies GM Ruben Amaro Jr: 'Fans don't understand the game'
Paracetamol Challenge: Schoolchildren 'risking lives' in new social media craze
New fast food restaurant sign leaves a bitter taste for neighbours
Peta wants pub called 'Ye Olde Fighting Cocks' to change its name
British pub's 'Ye Olde Fighting Cocks' name challenged by PETA
Toilet seats are actually less filthier than cellphones
Watch out, lovers who lie! Sexual assault by deception could become a criminal offense
Ice cream with sprinkles cause of reported disturbance at Mason County store
A man covered himself with 1.1 million bees to feel alive for the first time
A non-religious man virtually eliminates local crime with nothing more than a Buddha statue
Indiana man allegedly choked fiancée because she trash talked NASCAR
Teens Who Allegedly Released 72,000 Ladybugs In Their School Now Face Criminal Charges
Museum's broken treasure not just any old shit
Man charged after setting fire in pursuit of varmint that raided garden
My book was in Bin Laden's library and I'm incensed about it
'Star Trek' fan builds company headquarters in shape of USS Enterprise
A dispute over the last rib at a family barbecue ended with one Muncie woman stabbing another in the eye with a fork
Why did Osama Bin Laden have a copy of my book?
London is encouraging people to shoot foxes and NY is about to employ the most controversial rat control method ever
'Weave Loan Store' Now Open for Business in Detroit.
Danish radio host kills a baby rabbit with a bicycle pump - live on air
Man 'dropped from the sky and drove car'
Barbecue dispute ends with fork in eye
Chinese official tells Tibetans to "self-immolate if they want"
Duggar Dad's Political Platform: Incest Should Be Punishable by Death
Ivan Massow: 'It was harder coming out as a Conservative than as gay'
Swimmer carrying rock drowns on birthday
New Indiana law will give speeders the right-of-way in the left lane, while those obeying the speed limit could face a $500 fine.
Josh Duggar's Dad Jim Bob: Incest Is A "Heinous Crime" And Should Be Treated With Capital Punishment
Police: Intoxicated man jumps off FM's Veterans Memorial Bridge 'to cool off'
Man buys two gold Apple Watch Editions for dog.
Seahawks fan starts GoFundMe to help re-sign Russell Wilson
Australian Families Live in Fear of a Humongous Kangaroo Haunting Their Suburban Streets
Woman's fight against genital mutilation, honor killing gets big boost from Google boss
Lindsey Graham Knows the 'Iranians Are Lying' Because His Parents Owned a Pool Room
NASA thought Sally Ride needed 100 tampons for 1 week "just to be safe." From what?
Self-parking Volvo ploughs into journalists after owner neglects to pay for extra feature that stops cars crashing into people
How do you stop your roommate from farting? In Pendleton, the answer could be big government
Man who won 16 million from the lotto. Mysteriously quits job. Tells fellow employees who played in the same syndicare as him " their ticket didn't win, he bought an independent ticket at same time"
Vatican says Ireland gay marriage vote is 'defeat for humanity.'
'Paracetamol Challenge': Police and teachers issue warning to parents over social media craze
Is It Possible to Lay People Off Nicely? One company's quest to blend rejection and kindness
Danish radio host kills baby rabbit live on air with bicycle pump 'to highlight animal cruelty'
Johnny Depp could face 10 years in prison for taking his dogs to Australia
Gang Members Attack Janitor for Wearing Blue, Say Police
Danish radio host kills baby rabbit live on air with a bicycle pump to 'highlight' animal cruelty.
Outrage after Danish radio DJ beat Allan the baby rabbit to death live on air with a bicycle pump (then skinned and ate him)
Florida man chokes wife over lack of fried chicken leftovers: police
Danish radio station defends killing baby rabbit live on air
Wealthy Chinese man buys two gold Apple Watch Editions for dog, prompts bizarre controversy
PacSun apologizes on Memorial Day for upside-down American flag T-shirt
Artist 'steals' Instagram photos, sells them for $90,000 in New York
A Russian News Agency mistook a Garry's Mod video that mocked ISIS as an actual piece of propaganda (Subtitles Included)
Rabbit killed during live radio broadcast to expose 'hypocrisy'
Real Estate Developer building a $500 Million house in California, the most expensive and largest in the US this century, with no buyer in sight.
Church in Florida Hosts NAKED Paint Parties... Loses Tax-Exempt Status
Children find body on school grounds.
Photos from young Edward Snowden's brief modeling career
L.A. mansion will feature 30-car garage, 'Monaco-style casino' - and record $500M price tag
Czech reality show recreates life under Nazi occupation
Oregon man asks city to ban the smell of farts
"Masturbating will get your hands pregnant in the afterlife", says Muslim Cleric.
This Artist Sold Others' Instagram Photos For Nearly $100K At A Recent Art Show
Vancouver 'mind-numbingly boring,' Economist magazine says
Bernie Sander's says there are too many starving children in America; Excessive variety of spray-on deodorants to blame
9 Brains Found Next To Train Tracks in NY
Bernie Sanders: There are too many starving children in America, excessive variety of spray-on deodorants to blame
Bernie Sanders Condemns Existence of 23 Different Deodorant Brands While Children Go Hungry
Nonexistent female Republican candidate polls less favorably than other nonexistent male Republican candidates
'Unbeelievable!': Chinese man claims world record after covering himself with a million bees
ISIS enticing jihadis with paid honeymoon
Mistrial Declared by Judge in Seabrook NH Police Brutality Case Because Juror Believes Marijuana gives the user "super-human strength" [xpost /r/newhampshire]
Snoop Dogg learns not all women are bitches and whores
Ann Coulter: Immigrants are worse than ISIL
British Pub Ye Olde Fighting Cocks Is Asked To Change Its Name
Horror: Violent mob of topless pro-abort feminists attacks praying men defending cathedral (VIDEO)
Florida tornado blows bouncy castle away with 3 kids inside
Children find body on school grounds in Vernon
Drunk fisherman arrested for catching 122 fish.
Guy who robs a store and attacks police officer gets a memorial plaque
Tristan Thompson refuses to eat seafood because 'fish eat their poos'
6-year-old girl's kidneys 'missing' after operation
Canada BC Photo Galleries . Coalmont, B.C., phone booth destroyed in bizarre feud to be replaced
Coalmont, B.C., phone booth destroyed in bizarre feud to be replaced
Will a Planetary Alignment Cause a 9.8 Earthquake on the West Coast of North America on May 28th?
Volvo says horrible 'self-parking car accident' happened because driver didn't have 'pedestrian detection'
Tristan Thompson doesn't eat seafood because 'fish eat their poos'
NASA Finds New Planet Covered With Marijuana!
Rand Paul: If You Believe In A Right To Health Care, 'You Believe In Slavery'
Danish Radio Station Defends Host Who Clubbed Rabbit to Death During Animal Welfare Debate
Madagascar's parliament votes to remove president for 'general incompetence'
Venezuelan Bolivar Now Worth More as Toilet Paper Than as Money
Man named Bacon arrested for fight over sausage.
Now hiring: Porn identification officer
Anti-Booing Technology Used in Reality Show Singing Contest
Charles Johnson, one of the Internet's most infamous trolls, has finally been banned from Twitter
Glow-in-the-dark animals will prevent road accidents in Umm Al Quwain, UAE
Uhh, say what again?
Airline food company ordered to pay living wages to employees
Sythetic drugs, walking through 2 doors and jumping 2 floors results in amature MMA fighter's death.
Arrested FIFA officials face extradition to U.S.: NY Times
Marion man takes drug, strips, breaks through glass, jumps and dies
Westboro Baptist Church Tries To Diss Ireland's Gay Marriage Vote, Misses By One Continent
Pope Francis says he hasn't watched TV in 25 years: 'Not my thing'
A South Australian farmer redesigned pigs to have more ribs
Kenyan lawyer offers President Obama cows, sheep, goats to marry Malia
Fleeing Iraqis relieved that Cheney has no regrets about war
CNN: Where are the black plus-size models?
Medupi power station delayed because the ancestors are upset
Westboro Baptist Church gets Ireland's flag wrong and declares it hates the Ivory Coast
Illinois Man Takes Cat On A Memorial Day Canoeing Excursion, Drowns In Lake Trying To Save It
Kent's Meats' wine inspired by 'bumbling burglar'
Republican lawmaker Bart Hester wants police chief fired... for exposing Josh Duggar as a child molester
Fashionable Style Bag Shoulder - Buy Bag Shoulder,Bag Shoulder,Bag Shoulder Product on Alibaba.com
Kenyan lawyer offers livestock to wed Obama's daughter
11 kinds of chameleon found masquerading as a single species
Heritage sites crack down on naked photos
I'm Asian & Anime fan, I hate western cosplayers
Sending Ice To Antartica
Sending ice to Antarctica
Cow-poo powered bus breaks land speed records
Возьми кредит срочно и езжай в Англию
'Jihadists hate West because it's obsessed with sex' - religious historian
Woman in China gives birth in Internet cafe then continues surfing the net
NetDragon CEO built headquarters in shape of Star Trek Enterprise
Phone scammer dials Maine state trooper, given stern warning
Writer Alexander McCall-Smith wins a pig for top literary prize
Starship Enterprise Building Cost Nearly $100 Million
Man hides weed in peg leg, sets fire to wife
Lost fur seal joins cattle herd in South Australia
Danish Radio Show Beats Bunny To Death in Live Broadcast
Kylie Jenner Has Some Questions About Chemtrails
6-year-old girl's kidneys 'missing' after operation at AIIMS, says father
First vaccine to help control some autism symptoms
Marco Rubio Says Marriage Equality a Real and Present Danger to Christianity
Life in the Fast Lane...
Hot Topic is buying ThinkGeek
FIFA: This is a 'good day' for the organisation
Wealthy Toronto residents don't want neighbours with sub-million-dollar condos
HyperAntivirus - Easy and reliable protection and income
Cleveland police promise to stop pistol-whipping people
"It's a Good Day for FIFA," Says Soccer Executive Amid Raids, Indictments
World's Longest Planking Record Smashed, He Reveals His Secret To Success
Canadian inventor sets new hoverboard distance record
Chicago Police Put Antlers on Black Man and Posed for Pictures
Amnesty barred from Nauru detention centre
Teacher acquitted after being charged with 'raping boy, 12, and plying him with drugs and alcohol' in 2011 wants to return to teaching Follow us: @MailOnline on Twitter | DailyMail on Facebook
Five Charged In Water Balloon Attack On Pedal Pub
Indian footballer who moved to Brazil league released by club just after 21 mins on the field
Mistrial Declared by Judge in Seabrook NH Police Brutality Case Because Juror Believes Marijuana gives the user "super-human strength"
The Luft-wafer: Ice cream cone named after Adolf Hitler on sale in India sparks anger in Germany
Man fatally shot by friend during bulletproof vest test (x-post /r/news)
Man Convicted in Killing Solved Via Scrooge McDuck Medallion
Man fatally shot by friend during bulletproof vest 'test'
Spat over 'last rib' ends with fork in eye
Harvard class with A- average not worried about grade inflation
Lawsuit claims evolution is a religion
Police: Woman gets fork in eye in dispute over last rib
Mugabe has called on South Africans to direct their xenophobia at whites instead of blacks
Controversy surrounds new safe house for sex trafficking victims
Franklin man arrested for choking fiancée in dispute over NASCAR versus IndyCar
College Will No Longer Ask Students to Examine One Another's Vaginas
Some Californians have found a new drought scapegoat: immigration
Bungling jihadi complained he was forced to 'walk across Europe' to reach Isil
Dennis Skinner explains lack of Queen's speech quip: 'I was fighting Scots Nats'
Woman gets fork in eye in dispute over last rib.
KKK: Blacks and Whites must unite to fight gays and immigrants.
Carl Sagan's solar-powered spacecraft is in trouble
Australia to import micro wasp to wage war against plague of crazy ants
The CIA's Last Detainee Hates Lebron James, and Other Letters From Guantanamo Bay
'Soul-sucking dementor wasp' among new species already at risk says WWF
Chicago Cop Fired for Posing with Black Suspect in Antlers
Bernie Sanders Would Tax The Income Of The Wealthiest Americans At 90 Percent
Kerry promotes Marie Harf to position of senior communications advisor
Man named Bacon charged in fight over sausage
Woman Bitten By Black Widow Spider Hiding in Bag of Grapes?
Flags lowered to half mast in memory of duck who lived for 25 years in Compton Martin pond
Party guest 'snorted my mother's ashes from the urn' says host
Thom Yorke has written a soundtrack that is 18 days long
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson sets selfie record with fans at San Andreas premiere in London
This dog has two gold Apple Watches and his own Weibo account
Florida man attempts to troll the President of the United States on twitter in spilling national secrets on Mental Healthcare, the CIA, Chemtrails, Jaden Smith, why Kanye thinks he matters more than climate change, Scientology, and an alien conspiracy of jokes governed by Dave Chapelle.
NYPD Deputy Commissioner Reportedly Spent $60,000 to Build a Zumba Studio at Police Headquarters
52-year-old twins charged with hurling bricks at each other
Twins charged with hurling bricks at each other
'Hunt Pink' bill idea to get blaze pink, women, hunting
Tony Blair quits as peace envoy after spending eight years bringing stability to the Middle East
Louis Walsh (X Factor Judge): X Factor has too much singing in it
Google starts answering questions on your phone before you finish asking them
Robert De Niro Tells Graduating Art Students: 'You're F***ed'
Louis Walsh: X Factor has too much singing in it
Televangelist warns men who masturbate: Your hands will be pregnant in afterlife
Latest Twitter Trend Has Teens Trying to Summon Demon
Woman Continues Gaming After Giving Birth In Cybercafe
Copper Wire Theft Causes Subway Headaches For Thousands of Commuters
L.A. labor leaders seek minimum wage exemption for firms with union workers
Scott Walker Says Mandatory Ultrasounds Are 'Just A Cool Thing'
Pendleton Man Demands City Contain Fart Smells After Council Bans Pot Odor
Dispute over waffle maker gets guests booted from hotel
Scott Walker Says Ultrasounds Are 'Just A Cool Thing'
Muncie spat over 'last rib' ends with fork in eye
Terrified Irish Man Warns God Sending Anti-Sodomitic Asteroid In Retribution For Gay Marriage Vote
NYPD boss spent $60K on dance studio for cops, infuriating Bratton
Adrian Peterson set to show up, for Adrian Peterson day
Kenyan offers cattle to wed Malia Obama | The Times of Israel
Kenyan offers cattle to wed Malia Obama
Delta pilot orders pizza for delayed flight
Caught on camera: Snake bites Oklahoma man
Ex-FIFA official Chuck Blazer once rented a Trump Tower apartment for his cats
New York school makes poor kids huddle indoors while richer students attend carnival
We Are 'One Nation', Says Woman On Gold Throne Wearing Diamond-Encrusted Crown As She Announces Further Austerity Measures
Police warn youngsters against 'Paracetamol challenge'
Man Arrested For Fraud After 17 Girlfriends Turn Up At His Hospital Bed
Report: Former FIFA executive-turned-informant kept a $6000-a-month apartment for his cats
UN casts Israel as only violator of health rights in the world
Nearly 1/3 Louisiana republicans blame Obama for mishandling the Hurricane Katrina response.
Turkmenistan's Horse-Loving President Built a Giant Gold Statue of Himself Atop His Favorite Steed
The son of China's richest man bought 2 ultra-expensive gold Apple Watches for his dog
ISIS Threatens Argentina, Chile Presidents Via Email
Louisiana Republicans Think Hurricane Katrina is Obama's Fault
Man Booted from "No-limit" Fishing Lake for Catching Too Many Fish
NASA Has Discovered A New Planet Covered With Marijuana
Ice cream cone named after Adolf Hitler on sale in India sparks anger in Germany
Snoop Dogg will never call a woman a 'bitch' or a 'ho' again
Kenyan lawyer offers cows, goats, sheep to marry Malia Obama
Playboy CEO: Nudity Could Completely Vanish From the Brand
McDonald's Strategy for Improving Food: Toast the Buns Longer
9/11 truther says Kardashian sister Kylie Jenner could become the Buddha of chemtrails
Remember When Tom Hardy Had Sex With Men?
Man Allegedly Chops Off Wife's Hair, Nose for Dowry
The government just banned everything
Chris Pratt regularly sends poop photos to his former Parks And Rec castmates.
POLICE: INDIANA WOMAN GETS FORK IN EYE IN DISPUTE OVER LAST RIB
LA's labor unions want an exemption from the city's new $15-an-hour minimum wage
Pentagon says 'live anthrax' inadvertently shipped across US
Why Chris Pratt Sends Poop Photos To His Parks And Rec Cast
Police issue warning over paracetamol challenge
Emoji is dragging us back to the dark ages - and all we can do is smile
Schaap: I'll be surprised if Blatter isn't re-elected
Self-Parking Volvo Mows Down Journalists During Demo, Driver Didn't Buy 'Pedestrian Detection' Option
Live anthrax inadvertently sent by military
Last ride: Taxi driver's body propped up in cab for wake
Fan Builds Impressive Life-Size Hulkbuster Armor
Live anthrax inadvertently sent by U.S. military
Merriam-Webster dictionary adds 'clickbait,' 'emoji,' 'NSFW'
TV Producer: "Asian guys in my show? Not gonna happen!"
Porn actors must wear protective goggles during shoots: California Safety Standard
Police interrogate spelling bee official about 'grammar-nazi' connections
Slow-speed police chase in ft-worth, tx
Indiana Woman Gets Forked In The Eye At BBQ For 'Taking The Last Rib'
There May Be Worse Things than This Rap Song for Ted Cruz, but Not Many
Police Involved in Chase in Fort Worth
Four people argue over electric car charging station in Carmel.
Police Involved in slow-speed Chase in Fort Worth
STDs Are Spreading Because of Tinder, Rhode Island Says
Smoking Weed Might Be Making Your Vagina Dry, According To Science
Scott Walker on mandatory ultrasounds: 'It's just a cool thing out there'
Aussie PM Thinks Coding Is a Joke
Police make example of 'homeless' man begging with $800 in pockets
Killer Robots Need Regulation, Expert Warns
L.A. Unions Seek Exemption from Minimum Wage Hike They Helped Push Through
Oregon man asks Pendleton city council to ban fart smells after it outlaws pot odor
McDonald's, Unable to Fix Its Dismal Monthly Sales Numbers, Will Now Just Stop Sharing Them
DJ Steve Aoki Sued for Breaking Fan's Neck with Inflatable Raft
"We're working on things not made out of cardboard," Google says
Obama To Invade Texas...With Temporary Housing, Clean Water, Food And Cash
BBC to pit low-paid against each other in Hunger Games-style show to find Britain's Hardest Grafter
Pentagon Inadvertently Shipped Live Anthrax to Labs in Nine States
102-Year-Old German Woman Gets Her PhD 77 Years Late
General Motors wants to let third parties "buy" and lock your radio presets on new cars.
Slate.com publishes home addresses of jurors
Former FIFA executive-turned-informant kept a $6,000-a-month apartment for his cats
Smallest Penis In Brooklyn Pageant Still Searching For Small Penises
Ex-FIFA official had $6,000-a-month Trump Tower apartment for unruly cats
Tony Blair Resigns as Middle East Peace Envoy
ISIS (Daesh) militants are getting impatient being on a suicide bomber waiting list
Researcher fools countless publications into buying his study on chocolate "helping weight loss"
Microsoft has revealed its anime mascot for Windows 10 Read more: http://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/microsoft-unveils-its-latest-japanese-anime-mascot-for-windows-10/#ixzz3bNaITUMy Follow us: @digitaltrends on Twitter | digitaltrendsftw on Facebook
Erasers are an 'instrument of the devil' which should be banned, says academic
Did a Time-Traveling Bird Sabotage the Collider?
Syphilis soars 79% in R.I. thanks to social media
Researchers Make Green Pitch for Wooden Semiconductors
Pop-up serving only cold tap water to open in Shoreditch
Naked man refuses rescue from Mississippi River
63-Year-Old Man Knocked Out, Robbed of $1 in D.C.
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shatters world record for most selfies in 3 minutes
Chrome Extension Replaces 'Jeb Bush' & 'Marco Rubio' with 'Florida Man,' Makes Political News Better
Only Way To Beat The Summer Heat In India Is With A Delicious Hitler Ice Cream Cone
Daesh militants are getting impatient being on a suicide bomber waiting list
Ferguson to erect memorial plaque to honor violent thug Michael Brown
Richmond Votes 5-2 to Prevent Space Weapons from Targeting Earthlings
Scientist missing for over 20 years found in basement of Minnesota home with twelve 55 gallon barrels of pure LSD.
Ann Coulter Claims Mexican Immigrants "More Dangerous Than ISIS"
Cops Refuse To Arrest Officer Caught Shooting At 20 Children For Playing Near His House
Ann Coulter Compares Mexican Immigrants To Who?
Pentagon lab accidentally sends anthrax sample to Osan Air Base
Once 'Father' and 'Son,' Now a Married Couple
ANN COULTER: 'Americans Should Fear Mexicans More Than ISIS'
lawyer offers cows, goats, sheep to marry Obama's daughter
Using Middle Finger Emoji In UAE: A Crime That Could Land You In Court
Hey Jim, how many soccer metaphors can you fit in this one title? This many:
Teacher charged for putting child with autism in trash can
Parks Canada doesn't have a specific policy against taking selfies with bears in the background but generally advises against it
Former FIFA vice-president Warner blames Zionism for downfall
'Bear selfies' discouraged as Parks Canada issues grizzly warning at Lake Louise
Steven Wise compares legal fight of two chimpanzees to slavery
Palmyra: Isis releases first 'tourist' video from ancient Syrian city
Man who smoked marijuana with his pet chameleon acquitted of animal cruelty charges
Georgia teacher arrested because her honor-roll son took just 'THREE unexcused absences from school when he was sick'
Cow escapes slaughterhouse, shot near McDonald's
Hollywood Studios Sued for Recycling Film Soundtracks Too Much.
Georgia mother arrested for son's unexcused absences from school
michael brown memorial removed brown to get permanent plaque near shooting site
Are erasers in school 'instruments of the devil'?
Ferguson unveils permanent Michael Brown memorial plaque to be drilled into the road where he was shot dead
Tilda Swinton Cast as Very Old Asian Man in Doctor Strange Movie
Kid pleads guilty to 23 counts of "swatting"..Have fun rotting in prison, don't drop the soap. :P
Sheriff warns bikers against hurling volleyballs at police cars
Vị trí nốt ruồi giàu sang trên khuôn mặt
Thief smashes car window but leaves $1 million lottery ticket behind
Woman Files Lawsuit Against ALL Homosexuals On Behalf of God
Police say man tried to mow woman's grass, then attacked her
Sepp Blatter is as hard to nail as Osama Bin Laden but you can't take FIFA's president out with a bullet
Why The American justice system could actually bring down mighty FIFA.
Apple Watch user fined $120 for skipping songs while driving
FIFA arrests: Sepp Blatter's organization might actually go down thanks to the U.S. Justice Department's indictments.
Perry County teacher under investigation for passing out drunk at his desk
Teacher fired for having students write get well letters to murderer
CTA Shames Rude Passengers with Brutally Honest Ad Campaign
52-Year-Old Woman Bribes Police Officer With Anal Licking To Avoid Arrest
Hinckley, Minn. homeowner: 'It was literally a geyser coming out of my toilet'
Trendy Bags Ladies Trendy Bag - Buy Ladies Trendy Bag,College Bags Girls,Bags For Women Product on Alibaba.com
NFL lineman Ray McDonald arrested for second time in three days
WOMAN TRIES TO AVOID ARREST BY OFFERING TO LICK COP'S BUTT HOLE
Tony Abbott Awoke To An Enraged Troupe Of Dancing Tampons This Morning
Disaster movies are leading the way for age-appropriate relationships
Anthrax from military lab mistakenly shipped across USA
Hitler Branded Ice Cream Cones For Sale In India | Break.com
Tony Abbott ridicules his own party in school coding gaffe
Alberta creationist Edgar Nernberg digs up what scientists are calling the most important fossil finds in decades
Pentagon says it shipped live anthrax spores by mistake
Thief stuffs stolen gun in pants at pawn shop
Woman In Custody After Posting Photos Of Her Baby On A Leash On Facebook
Council 'accidentally' plants marijuana in city centre flowerbeds
US military mistakenly ships live anthrax to labs in 9 states
Anthony Bourdain Invests in Travel Magazine after Founder Drunkenly Emails Him
FIFA Probe Finds One Honest Official
U.S. military mistakenly ships live anthrax to labs in 9 states
Professor Calling For Ban on Erasers: Remove These Devilish Instruments From Schools
5 Facts On Garlic You Should Know
Woman Charged With Bribery After Offering To Lick Cops A**Hole!
UK Reality Show Challenges Nation's Poor to Battle for a Year's Wage
One Direction's next album will be "different"
Man Accidently Fined For Not Wearing a Helmet While Driving a Car
Are you 'Britain's Hardest Grafter'? BBC invites jobless youngsters to compete for cash in Hunger Games-style reality show
Holidaymaker misery as thousands of boat people from Syria and Afghanistan set up migrant camp to turn popular Greek island into 'disgusting' hellhole
Live anthrax shipped accidentally to S Korea and US labs - BBC News
Live anthrax shipped accidentally to S Korea and US labs
Iceland revokes 400-year-old legal right to kill Basques on sight
Tourists won't stop getting naked at Cambodia's most sacred temple
California man drowns swimming across pond with rock
According To Science, You've Probably Been Pooping Wrong Your Whole Life
Elementary School Hosts End-Of-Year Carnival, Excludes All The Poor Kids
Microsoft Edge: Internet Explorer is dead... but can you actually tell the difference?
Newquay credits mankini ban with drop in antisocial behaviour
Russia's Vladimir Putin accuses United States of 'meddling' over Fifa arrests
FIFA's Blatter says he welcomes Swiss and US probes
Mistrial in police brutality trial-jury at impasse due to member who believes marijuana gives superhuman strength
Anti-Corruption Cop Charged with Taking Huge Bribe
Man Calls Suicide Line, Police Kill Him
Man acquitted of animal cruelty for blowing pot smoke
The Soccer Dad Who Brought Down FIFA
Filthy Asylum Seekers selfishly ruin holidaymaker's fun
Man who smoked pot with chameleon, acquitted (Chicago Tribune)
How a California Woman Fell in Love With a Vatican Swiss Guard
Fight over last rib at barbecue results in victim being stabbed with fork
Detroit Zoo Goes Warthog Wild Over New Arrivals.
Husband turns to be a woman
Muse 'surprised no one's drawn a penis on hometown mural'
Bulgaria: Mayor sprinkles sugar to stop road accidents
EU warns over five espressos a day could be damaging to health
Dog Meat Vendor Dies After Hitting Himself With Poison Dart Used to Kill Dogs
Wanted by the BBC: a new weather presenter who 'must be disabled'
Brooklyn Mom Makes Jewelry Out of Baby Teeth
Dog meat seller dies from own poison
In Iceland, it's no longer legal to kill Basques on sight
Bacon assaults man over piece of sausage
Man Threatens Suicide, Police Kill Him
Mankini ban sends crime tumbling in Newquay
Armed bikers to host an anti-Muslim demonstration outside of the Islamic Community Center, but will first "Muhammad cartoon contest" in Dennys parking lot
West Country Village To Hold Funeral For Duck
U.S. military mistakenly ships live anthrax to labs in nine states
Armed bikers to host an anti-Muslim demonstration outside of Islamic Community Center, but will first host "Muhammad cartoon contest" in Dennys parking lot
Scientists Find That Conspiracy Theorists Will Pretty Much Believe Anything You Tell Them
Dutch Man Predicts 8.8 Magnitude Quake Will Strike California Thursday
In Busy Silicon Valley, Protein Powder Is in Demand
Man Dies After Doing 56 Shots, Bartender Found Guilty of Manslaughter
Man who blew marijuana smoke in pet chameleon's mouth acquitted
This painting (of just yellow and blue) just sold for $46.5 million at Sotheby's in New York
1 in 4 Harvard Grads Didn't Have Sex in College
PA Newspaper: Sorry We Published Letter Calling for Obama's Execution
Lip plumper Kylie Jenner is also a chemtrails conspiracy theorist
Creationist finds clue to evolutionary puzzle
How many more can Kos take? Holidaymaker misery as thousands of boat people from Syria and Afghanistan set up migrant camp to turn popular Greek island into 'disgusting' hellhole
Meanwhile, In Japan: More Arrests For Cheating At Video Games
Netflix Says Streaming Is Greener Than Reading (or Breathing)
Police: Franklin DUI suspect had 13 cans of whipped cream in car
Pentagon accidentally sent live anthrax samples to labs via FedEx
SNP MPs warned by speaker not to clap in the House of Commons
Tacoma fast food workers fired for trading burgers for weed
Los Angeles labor unions want exemption from $15 minimum wage they lobbied for
Seized Megaupload Domains Link to Scam Ads and Malware
Police: Man tried to mow woman's grass, then attacked her
Kenyan Lawyer Wants to Buy Malia Obama for 50 Cows, 70 Sheep and 30 Goats
Fifa 16: Some fans are more annoyed about women players than the corruption scandal
The Daily Item, a newspaper in Pennsylvania, apologized for printing a letter on Memorial Day that called for the execution of President Obama
French bartender sentenced after customer drinks 56 shots and dies
Hitler ice cream now available in India.
Pa. newspaper: We 'bungled' letter calling for Obama's execution Read more at http://www.philly.com/philly/news/politics/20150529_Pa__newspaper__We__bungled__letter_calling_for_Obama_s_execution.html#P6vDjvD3OBvhodfh.99
Pa. newspaper: We 'bungled' letter calling for Obama's execution
Rape charges filed against Princeton's 'Friendly' the clown
Drought-hit Californians painting their lawns green
5 men arrested for using squirt guns and 1 sent to the hospital from injuries caused during police arrest.
Head of Russian Media Group Questioned About Ties to 'Grammar Nazis'
After argument about air freshener, woman pours bleach on her wife.
Woman stabbed in eye with fork after fight over last rib at barbecue
Baltimore Residents Fearful Amid Rash Of Homicides
Photo of Chicago police officers posing over black man as hunted animal released: newspaper
Cops Arrest Subway Riders For "Manspreading"
Lenticular clouds confused for UFOs
Petraeus' Mistress Scandal Underscores Dangers of Heterosexuals in Military
Indiana woman gets fork in eye over last rib
Woman stabbed with fork after fight over last rib at barbecue
Former nun must pay nearly $1M for excessive spending while part of D'Iberville casino
Indiana woman stabbed in eye with fork after fight over last rib at barbecue
Woman stabs friend in eye over last bbq rib, Indiana pride.
Crime Drops After English Resort Bans Mankinis
'Robotic rump' helps med students avoid being pains in patients' butts
English resort sees crime fall after mankini clampdown
Lucifer cleared of wrongdoing by Fifa ethics committee as Sepp Blatter awards 2026 World Cup to Hell
Chicago man acquitted of animal cruelty for blowing marijuana smoke into mouth of chameleon
Mystery of disappearing holes in Swiss cheese solved
Bahar Mustafa: Goldsmiths Students' Union diversity officer to keep her job after vote of no confidence petition fails
Ex-Fifa official Jack Warner blamed Zionism for losing his job
Man arrested for flashing passersby on Butt Street
Glastonbury: Kanye West booking prompts death threats for organiser
Slaughterhouse cow makes daring bid for freedom, gets shot near McDonald's
Mars Petcare cat food ad found misleading as fat cat exposed
This Guy Injected Himself With A Cocktail Of Oil, Painkillers & Alcohol To "Model" The Hulk
Two Straight "Bachelorette" Contestants Fall In Love, Confess To Hooking Up In The Shower
Sepp Blatter Says FIFA Must Police Itself
Woman stabbed in eye with a fork over the last rib at a barbecue.
Dog meat vendor dies after hitting himself with poisoned dart
Black hole glimpsed playing cosmic billiards
Poll: Five Republicans tied for first with 10% each
Swingers Club Is Rebranded a Church To Evade Local Busybodies
French Barman Convicted Of Manslaughter After Customer Drinks 56 Shots And Dies
Car Safety Demonstration Ends With Incredibly Ironic Crash
Drunk British on German bachelor party wakes up 200 miles away in Switzerland after falling asleep on bus
Swingers Club Rebrands Itself as a Church
French barman guilty over 56 shots that killed customer
WOMAN WHO WAS HELD CAPTIVE IN BOX FOR MONTHS FOUND DEAD
Greek engraver wins euro coin design competition
Woman stabbed with fork during dispute over last rib at barbecue
Montana man shoots bartender for using Clamato instead of tomato juice in 'Red Beer'
Fifa corruption: Vladimir Putin expresses support for Blatter
Sepp Blatter denies FIFA corruption
5 Ways 'Parks And Recreation' Turned Into Socialist Propaganda
Burning Man festival accidentally torches ancient artifacts
Wyee Tree Trimming Service
"I Don't Want Another Boy," 3-Year-Old Girl Screams at Expectant Patents
Putin accuses US of meddling into FIFA affairs
God denied credit because Equifax won't acknowledge him, Brooklyn man's lawsuit contends | syracuse.com
Creator of iconic Obama "Hope" poster let down by President
GOP Senator Ron Johnson says 'The Lego Movie' is part of an 'Insidious' propaganda campaign against Business Owners
For $10K, You Can Force Someone to See the 'Entourage' Movie
Cedar Falls City Council calls Citizen a "HORSE'S ASS."
Russian Anti-Corruption Cop Charged with Taking Huge Bribe
Denver ComicCon Had an All-Male "Women in Comics" Panel
Man jailed for using mobile phone on aircraft
With autocorrect, does spelling matter? Linguistic experts say yes
Senior Labour MP wants to decriminalize shoplifting from luxury stores
Armed Bikers Plan to Draw Cartoons of Mohammed Outside a Mosque in Arizona
FIFA scandal: Putin accuses U.S. of 'illegally persecuting people'
Emojis help kids communicate abuse
Los Angeles Unions Fought for a $15 Minimum Wage. Now They Want to Be Exempt From It
'Father' marries 'son' after they dissolve adoption
Catholic School Removes Statue Of Priest Because He's White
Rockstar prosecutor in Freddie Gray case once made an amazing appearance on 'Judge Judy'
Greece wins design prize for commemorative Euro coin
Former FBI assistant director: to keep budgets high, we must 'Keep Fear Alive'
Man stuffed AK-47 rifle down his pants at Davie pawn shop, police say
Ted Cruz - who voted against Hurricane Sandy aid - calls for federal relief following Texas floods
Greek design picked for commemorative euro coin
'Hope' poster artist Shepard Fairey says Obama let him down
Whoops! A creationist museum supporter stumbled upon a major fossil find.
The Dementor Wasp: New species of insect that can turn cockroaches into zombies named after Harry Potter character
GOP Senator Says 'The Lego Movie' Is Part Of An 'Insidious' Propaganda Campaign Against Business Owners
Conservative Politico Writer: 'Some Black Lives Really Don't Matter'
Humans can't win against US killer robots - professor
VA boss pressured employees to attend a psychic reading
New porn guidelines want actors in California to wear goggles on film sets
Bernie Sanders 1972: Men fantasize about abusing women, women fantasize about being raped
Boulder cops declare 'rock stacking' a jailable offense to stop local artist who spent 7 years creating sculptures
Drunk man on horse didn't want to risk another DWI
Judge disqualifies entire Orange County, CA District Attorney's office from prosecuting case following emergence of long-term systematic misconduct by DA and sheriff's offices
Catholic cardinal: Irish people are 'worse than Pagans' for passing same-sex marriage
Putin orders all Russian military deaths be classified as state secrets
Hillary Clinton's fake Southern accent gets lost in translation
Foreign military personnel eligible for half-price booze at LCBO (Ontario booze stores)
Foreign military personnel eligible for half-price booze at LCBO | Toronto Star
God proves his existence in Brooklyn court
British tourists say their Greek holidays are being ruined by Syrian refugees
What's LGBTQ? Asks Republican Voting on LGBTQ Legislation
Twitch.tv: Clean your streams of titillating titty titles off our screens
Porn stars in California will have to wear goggles on adult film sets.
Man fined $120 for using his Apple Watch while driving | Apple | Geek.com
Pakistani CEO arrested for selling degrees from "Barkley" and "Columbiana"
Say hello to the dementor wasp. It turns cockroaches into zombies.
Syphilis Soars 79% in Rhode Island Thanks to Social Media
Hawaii cops fake being groped to accuse massage parlor workers of sexual assault
Ann Coulter Piles on Immigrant Who Wanted a Hug: Keep 'Overweight Girls' out of U.S.
Alberta creationist discovers rare fish fossils in basement dig
Woman, 51, pleads guilty to killing friend with slow cooker
Army chief '99.9 percent' confident no one was harmed by anthrax
Mankini ban sees crime plummet
Texas House OKs fines for posting 'no guns' signs
3 Pricks in 3 Minutes: The AshleyMadison Experiment
Delayed Delta passengers get pizza party on the tarmac
Man takes dying dog on cross-country adventure
This Chinese Heir Gave his Dog Two Gold Apple Watches
Police: Florida man caught stuffing assault rifles down his pants
Student Union Employee who wrote "Kill All White Men" tweet will remain in post as Diversity Officer
University union employee who wrote "Kill All White Men" tweet will remain in post as Diversity Officer
The Great Jorts Heist
Man named Bacon arrested in dispute over sausage
Some parents concerned Volcano Vista AP Biology students dissecting cats
Jack Sock beats No. 10 seed in first round of French Open
British tourists complain impoverished boat migrants are making holidays 'awkward' in Kos
Woman bites off chunk of man's ear during domestic dispute
Trust in pollsters falls, according to new poll
Tony Blair To Receive Award For Lifetime Services To War
Budget airline pilot duct tapes door closed
Venezuela's grand plan to fix its toilet-paper shortage: $79 million and a warning to stop eating so much
Creationist digs up the most important fossil finds in decades
McCain Urges Military Strikes Against FIFA
Cab fare jumper sentenced to walk 30 miles
The Top 50 players in Timberwolves history
Japanese open world dating sim to be released - involves groundbreaking systems that realistically simulates taking shots of panties.
'Glad That He Is White,' Kentucky Sheriff Says Of Suspect Shot By Deputies
More Than $1K Worth of Designer Jean Shorts Swiped from SoHo Shop: NYPD
UK: Mankini ban hailed for falling Newquay crime rate
Young Women Say No To Thongs
Hot Topic, the teen clothing store, bought SourceForge & ThinkGeek
Murder weapon discovered in Imperial War Museum display
Alberta creationist finds fossils while digging Calgary basement
Overzealous police force make it illegal to stack rocks in Boulder County. WTF?
California man beaten by police after horse chase charged with animal cruelty
Alabama Minister Fined And Sentenced To "Probation" After She Tries To Marry A Same-Sex Couple
Airplane passenger's suicide note, threats stall San Francisco flight: witness
Prattville minister pleads guilty in same sex marriage case
Changing Wisconsin's Teacher Licensing Standards
Baltimore's Top Prosecutor Once Made Her Case to Judge Judy
Prime Minister Eats More Cake
Charlie Charlie Challenge Hoax: Report Claiming Mexican 'Charlie Demon' Beat Teen Girls is Fake
McDonald killed in Burger King
'Spy' pigeon from Pakistan jailed in Pathankot
Muslim boys high school soccer team refuses to play against team with 2 girls
India's Deadly Heatwave Melting Roads
Alberta Creationist Finds 60-Million-Year-Old Fossils
Restaurant customer expresses gratitude with a $2,000 tip
Alberta creationist discovers rare fish fossils in basement dig - Paleontologist estimates fossils to be 60 million years old, but discoverer says it's more like 4,500 years
Charlie Charlie Challenge sends 4 hysteric teens to hospital in central Colombia
Police Detain Suspected 'Spy' Pigeon
Iceland abolishes law which orders Basques to be killed on sight
Iceland quietly revokes law ordering death of any Basque person found in region
Researchers fear for newly discovered 'suicidal sex marsupial'
Wife accused of illicit chatting
British Columbia's Human Rights Tribunal to Consider Eliminating Gender from Birth Certificates
How to Smoke Weed for Beginners
Mazda 3 Neo Boss defends lack of reverse-view camera; says kids shouldn't be on driveways
Woman comes face to face with her dead brother's transplanted face
Hold a Coke In Your Boobs - The Naked Women Version of Ice Bucket Challenge
Scientists finally discover reason for holes in Swiss cheese
Women Fight Over Last Rib At BBQ, Ending With One Stabbed In Eye W/ Fork
Worker who claimed genital pain was irritated by workplace bullying loses compensation claim
Russian Grammar Enthusiast Questioned For 'Nazi' Sympathies
California Might Make Porn Stars Wear Goggles During Filming
Masturbation will leave hands pregnant in afterlife: Muslim televangelist
Lindsey Graham: 'I am running because the world is falling apart'
Rent-a-hacker site leaks Australian buyers' names and addresses
Police: Indiana woman gets fork in eye in dispute over last rib at barbecue
Anti drugs crusader and star of Temple of Dream, Fadi Abdul-Rahman, jailed over drug supply
Etihad Boss Complains of European and U.S. Protectionism
Israeli Burning Man festival torches ancient remains
New Reality Show Pits Those Living Below the Poverty Line Against One Another, 'Hunger Games'-Style
India Detains Pigeon Over Spying Fears
The Government may have just banned everything
'Spy pigeon' detained in India after crossing border from Pakistan
'San Andreas' filmmakers disregarded science advice, expert says
Lonely Chinese Gamers Are Hiring Female 'Escorts' to Play Online with Them
Swiss Cheese Hole Origins Solved
Renting is Getting Very Expensive
Hunt for man who stole dead dog
Sicilian votes worth every penne: Claims that local election support was traded for bags of pasta adds to Italy's political corruption storm
How To Give Your Wardrobe More Life
Bartender convicted of killing man who drank 56 shots in one sitting
'Spy' pigeon from Pakistan jailed in India.
Pakistani 'spy pigeon' arrested in India
Pastor orders female members to strip during church service
Jack Warner pictured dancing after leaving hospital with 'exhaustion'
Local Council Accidentally Puts Thousands Of Marijuana Plants Along City Flowerbed
this is very good website . I like this. awesome!
Parade down Broad St. for six acquitted cops | PhillyVoice
Parade down Broad St. for six acquitted cops
India arrests pigeon accused of spying for Pakistan
'Dementor' wasp turns cockroaches into zombies
Broad Street parade to honor six acquitted police officers
Florida man, 82, arrested after tires slashed in dispute over bingo seat
Couple Leaves Note Asking City Not to Tow Their Car as a 'Wedding Present'
'The Drunk Diet': How To Lose Weight...Wasted
Why Sepp Blatter deserves our support
2,400-year-old 'bongs' used by kings to smoke cannabis and opium are dug up in Russia
Woman stabbed with fork for 'taking the last rib,' police say
Mother found pushing dead toddler on swing in Maryland park
NYC Cops Arrested Men for 'Manspreading' on the Subway
Creationist finds fossils while digging a basement
Man sprinkles cops' pizza with weed because 'they sounded cool on the phone' Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2015/05/25/man-sprinkles-cops-pizza-with-weed-because-they-sounded-cool-on-the-phone-5213797/#ixzz3bX3z5r00
Mosque explosion kills 3 in Saudi Arabia
NJ Man Named Bacon Arrested in Fight Over Sausage: Reports
Let's not waste poo, says Detroit Zoo crew
Dispute over waffle maker gets 30 guests booted from hotel
California porn stars could soon have to wear protection. Eye protection, that is.
Christian Rap Group is All In for Ted Cruz
Man jumps into bear pen at zoo, fights bear and loses
I am ready to offer 50 cows for Obama's daughter - 'Ruto lawyer'
Pigeon with 'Pakistani markings' sparks alert at the India-Pakistan border
76 Year Old Woman Kicked Out Of KFC For Breastfeeding Her 42 Year Old Son
Man Named Bacon Arrested in Fight Over Sausage
Woman Faces Bribery Charge For Lick Offer
Man Named 'God' Settles With Credit Agency He Sued
My local newspaper printed a screenshot from the 'San Andreas' trailer, including the YouTube controls and timeline.
Alberta 'creationist' finds 60m-year-old fish fossils
Unions Now Want An Exemption From The Minimum Wage Hike They Pushed
'Vincent Van Gogh' Is A Brooklyn Hipster Who Takes Public Transportation
Punjab Police seizes pigeon having Urdu script over spying fears
Human Flesh-Craving Squirrels Are Attacking MTA Workers
This New Ad for Rand Paul Has Everything, Including Fire-Breathing Eagles
Anheuser-Busch brewery halts beer production to can water for flood victims
Indian police seize pigeon over spying fears
Rickrolling is sexist, racist and often transphobic in context
Franklin TN teen wearing earbuds struck, killed by train
Soup-slurping student sparks ban on food in exams at University of Waterloo
Mariah Carey Slams 'American Idol' As 'Fake,' Calls It The 'Worst Experience' Of Her Life
Mariah Carey Calls American Idol 'So Boring and So Fake'
Ohio State Abercrombie and Fitch Emergency Department Opens
Cops shot at while investigating killing
Scientists Have Worked Out Why Swiss Cheese Has Holes
Man Named 'God' Settles With Credit Rating Agency
Mystery behind Swiss cheese holes revealed
Man takes stand against cheating, calls cops on best friend
Sabrina A. Davis, Rib Lover, Stabbed Family Friend Over Last Rib And Went To Jail
10 Bikes Take Up the Space of 1 Car in London
Feminists upset over statue of man and woman talking
Russian 'troll factory' flooding Internet with propaganda
A Humanoid Robot in Japan Started Working a Human's Job Today
Remorseful thief returns hanging baskets after 'name and shame' threat on social media.
82-year-old Fla. man slashes woman's tires because she was sitting in his favorite bingo seat
Housing Authority Forces Workers to Wear Orange Vests So NYPD Cops Don't Shoot Them
Arizona high school forfeits championship game rather than face girl opponent
2 injured in fight over video games
New Yorker settles with credit rating agency that refused to recognize his 1st name, God
Peacock escaped from High Park Zoo Toronto still on the loose
Westminster teen places ad on Craigslist, wants to rent family for her birthday
Irvine Apartment Company Reminds Black Residents to Keep the Noise Down
Charlie Charlie Challenge: Catholic priest 'issues urgent warning over dangers of demon summoning game'
Carly Fiorina Loves Talking About Porn-Watching Federal Employees
Charlie Charlie Challenge: Catholic Priest Warns Against 'Playing With Demons'
Patriots Rookies Petrified Of Going Off Script, Can't Answer The Simplest Questions
Rand Paul superpac releases wrestlemania-like attack ad
A Brazilian MP has been caught watching porn on his mobile phone during a Parliament meeting.
Lil B calls LeBron James arrogant, warns he is next for Based God's Curse
Ohio assault suspect given choice: Jail or be pepper-sprayed by victim
Anheuser Busch Halts Beer Production to Provide Canned Drinking Water to Flood Victims
Called cops on ex-bro for cheating
Jewish women's fury at orthodox ban on driving in London
Police Say Couple Assaulted, Robbed Employee, Stole Bacon
Orthodox Jewish Hasidic sect in Stamford Hill 'bans' women from driving children to school
Breath-Holding In The Pool Can Spark Sudden Blackouts And Death
82-year-old arrested for slashing tires over bingo
Desperate Florida woman asks police to help her suicidal boyfriend and they tell her to leave room then shoot him dead
Anheuser-Busch Stopped Making Beer to Can Water
6th Grader Pens Handwritten Apology for Calling 911 and Yelling 'Deez Nuts'
Pigeon held in police custody in India on suspicion of being a spy from Pakistan
Carl's, Hardee's CEO: Not all models know how to eat burgers
Levi's wants to put Google's touch-sensitive fabric inside your jeans
Apartments near UC Irvine call out African-Americans for being too loud
A group of armed bikers plan a "Draw Muhammed" contest outside the a Phoenix Mosque.
Origami Robot Folds Itself Up, Does Cool Stuff, Dissolves Into Nothing
Alberta creationist Edgar Nernberg uncovers what experts say is the most important fossil finds in decades
Man sparks controversy, fined $120 for enjoying wristjob while driving
Cops arrest men for 'manspreading' on NYC subway
Runaway peacock spotted on Toronto rooftops
'Cheeky' Nando's under fire for apparently coming onto a customer on Twitter
Woman pays $10,000 for invisible artwork
TV actor Dustin Diamond testifies he didn't mean to stab man
N. Korea's Peaceful Reunification Committee vows to 'punish' S. Korea over human rights office
CPD cops posed for photo standing over black man dressed in antlers
The Sex Therapists Of Silicon Valley
Right-Wingers Claim Texas Flooding Caused Not by Climate Change but Witchcraft and Sodomy
Police Called Over Ice-Cream Cone With Not Enough Sprinkles
Florida man, 82, slashes woman's tires over stolen bingo seat
Judge gives assault suspect a choice: Jail or be pepper-sprayed by victim
Minnesota woman pulls gun on Muslim couple who were picking their son up from a friend's house
Is Stephen Curry a perfect example of an updated version of Oedipal complex?
Judge orders woman to walk 30 miles, the length of trip, for bailing on cab fare
Lake Wales man, 82, accused of slashing tires over bingo
Report of tiger in Grand Rapids yard causes alarm, turns out to be stuffed animal
Kenyan lawyer explains rationale behind proposal for Malia Obama - Video
Indian Authorities Arrested A Pigeon Accused Of Spying For Pakistan
Troubled Portland strip club converted into church
Bulgarian roads get sugar coating to ward off crashes
Anheuser-Busch Halts Beer Production to Provide Water for Texas, Oklahoma Storm Victims
aylor Swift Swag Saves Lives
Couple smears diaper in toddler's face, beats him to death in potty training accident
SIS spies to Kim Dotcom: We're sorry for calling you fatty
The first arrest has been made for manspreading
Sepp Blatter: I'm the president of everybody
Police take stray pig into custody in Shelby Township
Flat screens mean dogs are watching more TV
Finnegans Wake becomes a hit book in China
Glow-in-the-dark animals will prevent road accidents in Umm Al Quwain
Swedish Band Release Album Via App That Will Only Play if Listener Is in a Forest
God Sues Equifax And Wins
Police take stray pig into custody in Shelby Twp.
Muslim Student Demands Transgender Asian Knight Mascots
FIFA President: I'm the president of everybody
Horse herpes outbreak forces rodeo queens to ride stick ponies
Eminem Buys Wii U For Smash Bros As He's Apparently Bored With Destiny
Riley Cooper says Chip Kelly is not racist
Georgia Hooters waitress donates kidney to longtime regular
Mystery of holes in Swiss cheese cracked after a century
Gynecologist pissed about the band name "Dying Fetus" on festival poster
You can become less sexist and racist while you sleep
Police Called Over Ice Cream Cone With Not Enough Sprinkle
Harvard grads, averaging almost an A-minus GPA, don't think grade inflation is a problem
Sperm kept at UBC destroyed, donors to receive $6.2 million
America's Elite Cows Don't Give Birth - Their Surrogates Do
Taco Bell, Pizza Hut to Remove Artificial Flavors, Coloring
82 year old man arrested for slashing 88 year old woman's tires over bingo
Cops stake out Dunkin' Donuts rooftops to raise funds, awareness for Special Olympics Illinois
Cloquet car dealership turn heads by giving away free guns
Body cam shows cops forcing pregnant black woman to ground on her belly
Oregon police dog has a drug problem
obese woman stabs woman's eye after dispute over last rib at a cookout
Anarchist sets out his campaign to be next Croydon South MP
White House fence to get new spikes
Hipsters Snap Selfies, Demand Ice Cream After 3 People Are Shot
Meet the Oregon police dogs who have a big drug problem
Obama "Hope" Creator Loses Hope
NKY police ship mentally ill man to Florida, defying judge's order
Lesbian Posing As Gay Man Kills Closeted Married Lawyer During Fake Hookup
In 2012, school switched to all natural 100 percent beef patty burger, but quickly switched back to 27 ingredient patty after students complained that the fully cooked 100 percent beef patty was too "pink" and didn't taste right. 27 ingredient patty had caramel coloring added.
Mayor wards off accidents with sugar
Riley Cooper: Suggestion that Chip Kelly's racist is "upsetting"
American Express president suddenly dies on corporate plane
Sepp Blatter wins FIFA re-election the old fashioned way
'Hope' poster creator says he's run out of hope for Obama
Thom Yorke Releases Eighteen Day Long Song
AirBnB "XXX Freak Fest" orgy victim now blacklisted from all apartments in NYC
Country music consultant says it isn't his fault women are tomatoes
Man Sues Dept. Of Ed. Over Teaching Evolution To Aspiring Veterinarian Daughter
Dumb Cops Raid For The Wrong Plant
Pizza Hut Unleashes Meatstrosity on Unsuspecting Continent
Some Husbands Now Giving 'Wife Bonuses' To Spouses For Keeping The Household Running
Pennsylvania High School Tells Girls to Cover Up 'Sausage Rolls' at Graduation
Siberian Man Gallops Off on White Steed to Avoid Paying Child Support Debts
German party lifts requirement for Muslim students to visit concentration camps
California Porn Stars Might Be Forced to Wear Eye-Goggles in Scenes
Japanese including Japanese government believes Anime characters based on Asians and not westerners
FIFA president Sepp Blatter proclaims himself "president of everybody"
Why westerners fail cosplaying Anime/Asian characters #2 : western females look like males
Florida public schools to spy on students' social media, report says
No one tells us what to do, Beijing says
Colorado Woman Enlists Craigslist to Rent a Family for Her Birthday
82-year-old arrested after slashing woman's tires over bingo seat
Ohio State's Abercrombie & Fitch Emergency Department Opens
One Cow escapes slaughterhouse. Gets shot outside McDonalds. Media calls it 'ironic'.
Woman Meets The Man Wearing Her Dead Brother's Face
Students want trigger warnings to prevent adverse reactions to classical texts
Florida man caught trying to stuff AK-47 in his pants during attempted gun store theft
North Carolina man strips naked at airport in protest of US Airways over selling his flight.
Man with 1st name 'God' settles with credit rating agency
Boat captain speared by swordfish in Hawaii harbor dies
Jail or Pepper Spray: Take Your Pick
Skin diver speared by spearfish after spearing said spearfish.
Grandmother repeatedly phones circus to complain about animal cruelty regarding their disco dancing polar bear because she is unaware it is an actor in an inflatable costume
Reddit in Turmoil Over Censored Posts
I give you, the Hamburgalers
Scientists discover the real reason Swiss cheese has holes
Bartender guilty of manslaughter; poured 56 shots for patron
Awaiting execution, Marvin Gabrion says he deserved mistrial for punching attorney
She gave away her dead brothers face. A nice story, but nottheonion nonetheless
Self-parking Volvo crashes into people because owner forgot to buy feature that brakes for humans
Man tries to flee from a car chase on a longboard
Woman gets fork in eye on dispute over last rib.
No, Amy Schumer did not rape a guy, because ... that would just be preposterous if the law applied to her!
Unsettled at Home, Veterans Volunteer to Fight ISIS
Animal control mistakes life-sized toy for tiger
SEE IT: Man who led cops on high-speed car chase tries to flee on skateboard
"I guess they did me a service," OCD thief cleans out truck, keeps the change
'Suspected spy' pigeon becomes jailbird after flight over Pakistan-India border
Man Pleads Guilty to Giving Deadly Atomic Wedgie
Guymon high school student's big moment taken right from under his feet.
Chicago rapper 'Young Pappy' who ridiculed rival gang for not knowing 'how to shoot' is shot dead
Plans are underway to open an anti-Thatcher museum in London
restaurant shut down for slaughtering lambs on site
Pigeon 'arrested' in India on suspicion of being used to spy for Pakistan
Google Patents Stuffed Animals that Come to Life
Plans for an 'anti-Margaret Thatcher' museum in London
JUDGE ORDERS ASSAULT SUSPECT TO BE PEPPER-SPRAYED BY HER VICTIM.
VIDEO: Thieves walk through front door of Walmart with pool, airbeds
Bill Clinton: 'I'm officially Ebola-free'
Google Learned How to Make Its Internet Balloons By Studying Condoms
Fifa crisis: Defiant Jack Warner says 'Mandela and Gandhi made jail too'
Russian internet 'troll' sues former employer
Swiss Figure Out Why Their Cheese Has Holes
'Spy pigeon' from Pakistan jailed in Pathankot, India
Woman finds intruder asleep in bed, clicks selfie
Swordfish impales, kills Hawaii man after he jumps into water to catch it: officials
Israel could join Isis in United Nations list of groups and states that harm children [x-post worldnews]
Painesville woman shot with 'pepper spray' as part of judge's unique sentence
N.D. Baseball Team Members Suspended After Alleged Sexual Acts With Sandwich
white plains homes for sale Mahopac real estate Hudson harbor
Endangered dolphin killed by shotgun in Istanbul's Bosphorus
Sonic customer finds buns in the bathroom
Israel could join Isis in United Nations list of groups and states that harm children
Thom Yorke's latest track is 18 DAYS long
Animal control officers called to protect neighborhood from stuffed tiger
Choose Right Complete SEO Package
Ripped off twice in one week: Karma sticks it to do-gooder
Pig Poops In Back Of Cop Car, Is All Smiles
Rogue Pig Caught By Police Is All Smiles In Back Of Squad Car As He Commits A Caper In The Backseat
Poets storm media authority of Tobruk government
Chernobyl fox makes a sandwich using bread and meat fed to him by journalists
British tourist claims Gibraltar's apes sexually assaulted her
Europeans are so sick of being unemployed that they're working fake jobs at fake companies
Chernobyl fox makes sandwich
Woman Reacts to Seeing Face of Her Dead Brother On New Man
Feminist Students Protest Feminist Prof for Writing About Feminism
Woman Wants Her Ken Doll Sent To Prison For Domestic Violence
Putin Congratulates Blatter as He Begins New Term as FIFA President
High School Teacher Fired For Showing Students 'Before And After' Boob Job Photos
Politician caught watching porn in parliamentary debate
Two people travelling to funeral for victim of road accident die in car crash
Two cups of coffee a day could dramatically improve your sex life
What Are $26 Million In American Express Rewards Points Worth?
Self Proclaim Ninja arrested by Boston PD
WhatsApp group administrator attacked for dropping members.
California Porn Professionals React to Proposed Rules Requiring Goggles, Condoms on Set
Georgian ex-President Saakashvili named Ukraine regional governor
Women Wearing Jeans Are Reason Behind Earthquakes: JUI-F Chief Maulana Fazlur Rehman
Woman Arrested for Biting Off Pitbull's Testicles
Hero pig shits in cop car, enjoys it
Inventor Gets Shot In Groin To Test Bulletproof Jockstrap (VIDEO)
Proposed Wisconsin GOP bill would allow high school dropouts to teach... high school.
Pig hams it up in back of police cruiser
Man Found Buried To His Head In Nevada Desert
Scientists Discover Species of Flying Spider and It's Highly Venomous Read more: http://controversialtimes.com/science/scientists-discover-species-of-flying-spider-and-its-highly-venomous/#ixzz3beGLzIxU
Police in Kentucky Town Ship Mentally Ill Man to Florida, Defying Judge's Order
Parents claim school 'bullied' child, trashed lunch over past due account
India arrests pigeon that was allegedly a spy from Pakistan
Ohio woman chooses to be pepper sprayed rather than face jail as punishment for assault (VIDEO)
Judge jails mother until she consents to circumcision of 4 and 1/2 year old boy- despite the boy's objection.
28 busts for sex offender accused of grinding on subway passenger, but mom says he's just looking for a wife
'Charlie Charlie' game poses real danger - Vatican exorcist warns against summoning demons
Man Sentenced For Downloading Child Porn At Best Buy
Cops: Neighbor's fingers severed with machete in fight involving coffee, vandalism claims Read more at http://www.philly.com/philly/news/Neighbors_fingers_severed_machete_fight_coffee_vandalism.html#GHGFZXrum771SK4t.99
Cops: Neighbor's fingers severed with machete in fight involving coffee, vandalism claims
Muslim cleric denied unopened soda on United flight because she could 'use it as a weapon on the plane'
Italy's Berlusconi mistakenly backs rival candidate
Swedish peace group wards off Russian submarines by emitting "This way if you are gay" sonar message underwater
Pigeon detained for spying in India
17-year-old accused of stealing, crashing dealership's car while posing as FBI agent
Radiohead singer Thom Yorke records song that's 18 DAYS long for Sydney art show
Residents in a Mexican neighborhood miss the cartel that protected them
D.C. Mansion Murder Suspect Is Innocent Because He Hates Pizza, Lawyer Says
Scientists have finally discovered why there are holes in Swiss cheese
Dan Bilzerian To Launch 2016 Presidental Campaign In New York City On June 24th
Judge Orders Woman To Be Pepper Sprayed In Court By Her Victim (VIDEO)
Coffin Containing Dead Body Found By Cyclist In Houston Road
Former Georgian dictator made a governor of Ukraine, claims it has nothing to do with pissing off Russia
Silvio Berlusconi mistakenly arrives at leftist party rally in Italy local elections
ISIS fighters complain of favoritism in picking suicide bombers
Thom Yorke writes 18 day long song
Thom Yorke's Soundtrack For New Art Installation Is 18 Days Long
US child writes apology letter to operaters after ringing emergency number about 'deez nuts'
Radiohead Frontman Thom Yorke's Latest Song Is 432 Hours Long And Will Take You Over A FORTNIGHT To Listen To
Muslim chaplain denied soda can on United flight because it may be used as a weapon
Bruce Jenner to Pose on the Cover of Vanity Fair as a Woman
Runaway pig captured in Shelby Township, seems to smile in mugshot
Driver cited after being stopped with car full of honeybees
Man drives down U.S. 1 in Boca with missile; no one blinks an eye
Driver cited after being pulled over with car full of honeybees
24-Hour Transportation Service For Drunk CA Senators Paid For By Taxpayers
Suspect shows up at city jail to sell stolen iPhone to cop
Radiohead's Thom Yorke writes 18 day long song
New CBS reality show exploits poor families by making them grovel for $101,000
Porn stars in California may be forced to wear goggles under new legislation
Reality TV show pits the poor against each other for $101,000
Vladimir Putin Hails Sepp Blatter's 'Professionalism' After Re-Election As FIFA Boss
ISIS Leader Says Masturbation Causes Hands to Become Pregnant in the Afterlife
Now union opposes the minimum wage
1912 Model T collides with Kia SUV. The antique (and its occupants) are fine; the Kia (and its occupants) not so much
Swordfish kills fisherman who was trying to catch it in Hawaii
Spear-fishing man killed by swordfish, irony ensues.
Admin of WhatsApp group stabbed after removing 2 members
Taco Bell and Pizza Hut removing artificial ingredients, pledge to use real food
2 hurt in crash involving SUV and antique car
4 people taken to hospital after using phone app to identify mushrooms
Tourist arrested for giving Heil Hitler! salute in holiday photo outside Reichstag
Palestinians reportedly tie up snake to ambush Israeli soldiers
Woman cuffed for not holding escalator handrail
'Manspreading': New misdemeanor plaguing NYC subway, first arrests reported
Thom Yorke or Radiohead Releases 18-Day Long Song
Oklahoma troopers rush to help stranded motorists, shoot and kill one
Gender and racial bias can be 'unlearnt' during sleep, new study suggests
Steph Curry is getting sick of hearing about how good looking you think his mom is
10 of the Funniest Ski Town USA Police Blotter Entries. (Beware of mysterious poops showing up in your toilet...)
Tinder and hookup apps blamed for rise in STDs
Oklahoma officers shoot man they were trying to rescue from water
Westboro Baptist Church protests the wrong country
They Were So Pissed Off At Being Kicked Out Of A WhatsApp Group, They Hired Goons To Bash Up The Admin!
Muslim cleric says women wearing jeans is causing earthquakes and terrorism in Pakistan.
Woman kills self after hubby asks her not to wear jeans
Highway patrol troopers in Oklahoma fatally shot a man whom they had been trying to get out of high water.
Locks are too much to handle for the city of Paris
Oklahoma cops fatally shoot man they were trying to save from flood
Lifeguard Saves Man, Gets Fired For Rescuing Outside of 'Assigned Zone'
Cow escapes slaughterhouse, goes on the run, gets shot next to McDonald's. Media calls it 'ironic'.
Cow escapes slaughterhouse, goes on the run, gets shot next to McDonald's
Ukip Peer Lord Pearson Asks If The Government Will Back A Draw Mohammed Competition
Ex-Ukip Leader Asks Government To Support Draw Mohammed Competition
Muslim Passenger On United Flight Denied Diet Coke, Cause Can Could Be Used As Weapon
A quarter of Australians are OK having a chip implanted in them to pay for stuff
Chinese condoms too small for South Africans: report
Facebook users plan protest against site's 'real name' policy at headquarters
Alberta 'creationist' unearths fish fossil 60 million years old
Liberal Activist Raped By A Black Man, Turns And Blames White Men For It
Norwegian man serving 7 years in Arizona prison for driving down a one way street in the wrong direction. Now asking to be executed.
Holiday in socialist fairyland? North Korea woos tourists
Berlusconi confuses election rally and promotes Left
Pakistani Political Leader Says Women Wearing Jeans Is The Cause Of Earthquakes
'Spy-pigeon' ARRESTED and jailed in India
Advanced metrics actually say Twins are actually ultimate Frisbee team. [Baseball]
Advanced metrics say Twins are actually ultimate frisbee team. [Baseball]
Megachurch: Stay With Your Kiddie Porn-Watching Husband-or Face 'Discipline'
Hooters Waitress Donates Kidney To Regular Customer She Barely Knew!
Pakistani pigeon arrested for espionage in India
20-year-old Wisconsin cheddar is a 'cheese milestone'
Ann Coulter: 'Overweight Girls' Should Be Banned From U.S.A. By Immigration Laws, Pundit Says
'Devious Defecator' Case Tests Genetics Law
Police in India nab a pigeon, suspect fowl play from Pakistan
Radio Host Kills Rabbit On Air, Cooks It
Woman loses eyesight after her cat licks her
British pilot dies as plane is downed... by an escaped CROCODILE
Kazakhstan city's local council accidentally puts thousands of marijuana plants along city flowerbed
Funny Animals Videos - Funny Cat Videos - Funny Dog Videos - Vines Compi...
Turn human trafficking camps into tourist attraction, says Malaysian minister.
Leeds' Bangladeshi community centre meeting turns into a mass brawl
German police alerted to armed mob, find asparagus pickers
This $18,000 Bottle of Wine May Be Undrinkable
Godzilla Is Now An Official Resident Of Japan With Residency Papers
God VS Fareed Zakaria
Mystery of missing holes in Swiss cheese finally solved.
Intoxicated man falls from hot tub in Golden Valley, is impaled on fence post
Apple 1 computer worth $200K left at recycling centre
Chinese prisoners forced to farm gold in World of Worcraft which then would get sold for real money on the internet.
BBC Defends Upcoming Reality Show Amid 'Hunger Games' Comparisons
Wife Challenges Husband For City Council Seat in Bremerton, Washington
Leicester City footballers filmed in 'racist orgy'
Pig escapes, terrorizes entire town, craps in cop car
President Obama's exclusive Air Jordans are finally revealed.
John Kerry breaks his leg in bike accident
John Kerry Suffers Broken Leg in Bike Accident
In a recent raid in China, officers seized 4.6 million faulty rubber condoms and prevented an entire generation from ever existing.
Shahidan: Turn human trafficking camps into tourist attraction
How Masturbation has Ruined Nature
Man advertises self to ladies on Hubei campus, posts strict requirements for potential mate
Rapper who ridiculed rival's shooting abilities is shot dead
BBC - Changing how you sleep may make you less racist and sexist
Sleep training 'may reduce racism and sexism'
Woman tosses $200,000 Apple 1 computer into recycling
Cyclist removed from nude race after 'getting an erection'
Woman finds strange man sleeping in her bed, clicks a selfie
Parents use 'corrective rape' to 'straight'en their gay kids
Creationist hopes his fossil find will get two plaques - one fitting his world view
Kanye West inspires students: "When you're the absolute best, you get hated on the most"
Man kicked out of nude cycle after getting 'overexcited and aroused'
Accused ex-FIFA VP Jack Warner launches attack on U.S. based on Onion story
Accused ex-FIFA VP Jack Warner launches attack on U.S. - based on Onion story | Toronto Star
2 Men Arrested in NYC for 'Manspreading' on the subway
Mermaid tail enthusiasts cry foul over Edmonton pool bans
Muslims who stop shopping at Marks & Spencer could be radicals, warns top cop
Teacher shows off her new boobs to class in an anatomy lesson gone awry
DOJ Spending $1.8 Million Testing Kid-Run Courts to Combat Bullying
Kanye West Speaks at School's Fashion Show: 'When You're the Absolute Best, You Get Hated on the Most'
Swordfish kills fisherman who speared it during struggle in Hawaii
President Obama's exclusive Air Jordans are finally revealed, release date set (PHOTO)
Germany Shines Light on Rape by Troops Who Beat Nazis
Woman Expelled From KFC For Breastfeeding Her 42-Year-Old Son
Somalia May Pay 90% Oil Revenue to Explorer Under Draft Deal
Enrique Iglesias injured in concert drone mishap
Enrique Iglesias Recovering After Fingers Sliced in Drone Incident at Concert
Cops: Oklahoma Trooper Fatally Shot Man After Rescuing Him
MSNBC's Dyson Compares Rand Paul to Segregationist George Wallace
Police in India arrested a pigeon suspected of spying for Pakistan
Hallucinations Are Both Infrequent And Very Common, Says Science
Muslim woman flying United Airlines refused can of coke, staff said she'd weaponize it
Woman wants to file police report for being sexually assaulted by monkey's
Wisconsin is learning how to die
Ex-FIFA Official Cites Satirical 'Onion' Article in His Self-Defense
Pair caught undressed in stranger's home, police say
Illegal Alien V. Ann Coulter on Jorge Ramos' Fusion: Illegal Reveals Desire to Limit Americans' Free Speech Rights
Woman films lewd video in Macon Waffle House
Ex-FIFA Official Cites 'Onion' Article in his Self Defense.
Some people think a religious leader blames women in jeans for earthquakes
Two men arrested for 'manspreading' on NY subway
Brussels: 30 Muslim girls denied entry to school for wearing long skirts
Inventor takes a bullet to the groin to prove athletic cup's strength
Porsche Smashes Through Coffee Shop Window
Detroit-area woman pleads guilty to killing friend with crockpot during political debate
Muslim chaplain claims discrimination on United flight
Man rescues his dog from building fire. Gets arrested.
Headline-grabbing supposedly homosexual bull 'definitely not gay'
Cock-blocking costs are a big drawback to kid MMO success, says Lego Universe dev
Spain to Permanently Host 2,500 US Troops at Moron Air Base
Lone tree gym bans obese people
Enrique Iglesias Sliced His Fingers On A Drone And Finished His Concert Covered In Blood
Mob undresses 10 people over indecent exposure
Family says dog died after being left in drying cage at Petco
Buffalo Symphony Musicians Upset Over Oboe Playing
Firefighters too big, but girl just right to rescue kitten
Komodo dragon bites Omaha zoo worker
Women wearing jeans are reason behind earthquakes, JUI-F Chief Maulana Fazlur Rehman says
Women wearing jeans are reason behind earthquakes
Man escapes prison by walking out the door
nstead of Playing Golf, the World's Elderly Are Staging Heists and Robbing Banks
FIFA EXEC CHARGED WITH CORRUPTION CITES AN "ONION" ARTICLE AS EVIDENCE OF U.S. BIAS
Whats Currently On Sale For The Amazon Super Rich
US police shot dead almost 400 people in 5 months - report
Muslim passenger Tahera Ahmad refused Diet Coke 'weapon' on US flight
Bill Gates Funding Corporations Caught in Child Slave Rings
Anheuser-Busch Stops Brewing Beer To Produce Cans of Water For Flood Victims
27 Robotic dogs on the loose in Tokyo
Gun safety class backfires: Man shoots self and wife
Man Arrested For Saving His Dog From Burning Building
Having herpes has made my sex life better
NYPD Is Now Arresting People For 'Manspreading' Their Legs Too Wide On Subways
Watch Cristiano Ronaldo sing about his craving for SEX NSFW
Man takes bullet to groin to prove strength of his product
Woman Arrested After Admitting To Stealing Veteran's Headstones, Using Them For Fire Pit - WCHS
Montana Highway Patrol cites man with carful of bees for careless driving
노 한국 여친이랑 스파
Chuck Todd Worries That Sex Scandals Keeping Good People From Running For Congress
Hastert Was Snagged By Patriot Act He Helped Pass
Benjy the bisexual bull? 'Gay' bull now showing interest in heifers
Lightning Ridge farmer under investigation for racially abusing black cattle
Meet America's first openly gay imam
Mila Kunis' stalker escapes from Pomona mental health facility
Women wearing jeans responsible for earthquake, says Pakistan's politician Maulana Fazlur Rehman
All-male version of Hooters 'Tallywackers' now open in Texas
Man kicked off Southwest flight over vulgar language on t-shirt
Daisy the Camera-happy Pig Leaves a Nasty Surprise in Police Car After Getting Arrested
Queensland Police commissioner ordered to pay drunk driver $1800
Paris has had enough of your love destroying its bridges
imgbox - fast, simple image host
Robbery suspect tries to get away on stolen wheelchair
Police begin jaywalking crackdown by giving elderly woman a talking-to
#GiveYourMoneyToWomen Marks Disgusting (But Honest) New Low for SJWs
In Russia, Sincere Backlash Over Satire Article on 'U.S. Invasion of FIFA'
Ex-Fifa vice president Jack Warner swallows Onion spoof
Credit Agency Recognizes That "God" Exists, Has 820 Credit Score
President George W. Bush wasn't unintelligent. In fact, he was brilliant...
Parents use 'corrective rape' to 'straight'en gays
GMO talley nothing to sneeze at.
WATCH: Protestors attempt to prevent Christian worshipers at King David's tomb
Attorney challenges DNA evidence in DC quadruple murder because suspect 'doesn't eat pizza'
Godzilla is Tokyo's newest resident and ambassador
Arrested Pig Poos In Police Car, Looks Very Happy About It
Kentucky police shipped mentally ill inmate to Florida by Greyhound bus - then charged him with escape
Kerry's Bicycling Injury Could Hamper The Iran Nuclear Talks
Elephant steals tourist's handbag from car
Enrique Iglesias slices hand open on flying drone during Mexico gig
Nigeria's EFCC arrests top bankers over 'mega scam'
Enrique Iglesias has fingers sliced by drone during Tijuana concert
West Virginia man sues education officials for teaching his daughter the 'religion' of evolution
FIFA Exec Kept $6,000 Apartment for Cats
West Virginia man sues education officials for teaching his daughter 'religion' of evolution
MTV star apologises for booze-fuelled private jet rampage which saw him relieve himself on Dolph Lundgren
Muslim Woman Denied Soda Can for Fear She Could Use It as a Weapon
Storm rages through woodwind section of Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra
Harrison Ford Flies Again After Fatal Plane Crash
Walk Off The Earth singer claims she was kicked off flight over crying son
Australian sheep farmer faces complaint from PETA that he 'swore at his animals'
LEGO Universe's Developers Didn't Anticipate the Penis Cost
Woman in Birmingham jailed after making 'loud sex noises'
Man accused of slapping elderly people for sneezing in public
A pigeon has been arrested in India on suspicion of spying for Pakistan
Rand Paul: Some of My Critics 'Secretly Want' Terrorists to Attack the United States
Highway Patrol cites driver near Missoula with car full of bees
Leicester City players apologize after report of racist orgy in Thailand
Iowa City police follow nacho cheese, trail of snacks to burglary suspect
Who Has Replaced 'Dead Pirate Roberts' As The Internet's New Druglord?
Disgraced FIFA snitch's parrot was trained to mock him by ex-wife
Lone soldier sentenced to military jail for eating non-kosher sandwich
Suspended senator Patrick Brazeau body slammed through a table by 'The Death Dealer'
Actor Michael Enright Joins Kurds in Fight Against ISIS in Syria
OUI lawyer charged with OUI in arm-severing boating accident
Men brace for 'beard patrols' in Iraq's IS-held Mosul
FBI Seizes Domain Names, Then Forgets To Renew Them Before They Were Reclaimed.
A Man Beat His Wife Outside a Beirut Rally Against Domestic Violence
All of Israel behind NBA's Cavaliers, Netanyahu tells coach David Blatt
Soy MP Busted Pants Down With Koinange Street Pr0'stitutes In Dark Alleys In Nairobi
Beijing Tries to Clear Its Notoriously Dirty Air - of Cigarette Smoke...
Man, 82, caught slashing tires over bingo dispute
British tourist 'sexually assaulted' by Gibraltar monkeys
Delhi billionaire Bhanwarlal Doshi becomes monk
The First Male Has Been Arrested For "Manspreading" In NYC
Woman sent to jail for noisy sex
Police intervene at naked cycling event after rider becomes 'aroused'
Goldman lawyer becomes SEC chief of staff
Female UFC Fighters Beat Up Dirtbag Who Sexually Harassed Their Friend at a Club
Fox asked to drop 'Lucifer' show for portraying Satan as good guy and mocking the Bible
KFC sues Chinese firms over eight-legged chicken rumours
Woman recycles rare Apple 1 computer!
A U.S. cyberattack on North Korea failed because North Korea has basically no Internet
Turkey's Erdogan challenges opposition to find his golden toilet seat
Monkey See, Monkey Grope?
Billionaire's Son Put On Blast For Buying 2 Apple Watches Worth $40k -- For His Dog
"Gay" bull saved from slaughter may not be gay after all
Rapper who made music video ridiculing rival gang for not knowing "how to shoot" is shot dead
Dennis Hastert Reportedly Tells Associates 'I Am A Victim, Too'
Boy forced to have sex with his mother in attempt to 'cure' him of being gay
LAPD Raids Video Game Studio; Saw Gun-Toting Call of Duty Statue
PD: Shoplifter took $350 in goods, left feces at Middletown store
Pig Craps Inside A Police Car And Looks Unbelievably Pleased With Herself
Car full of bees leads to careless driving citation
Owner of Naut Guilty pleads not guilty to drunken boating
Oxford Union admits it is 'institutionally racist'
American soldier in Israeli Army sentenced to 11 days in military prison for eating a non-kosher sandwich
Businesswoman finds drunk stranger asleep in her bed so takes a selfie
Dick Cheney Boasts of 7 1/2-Year Record of Preventing Terrorism (x-post from /r/politics )
Rapper Lil Wayne starts fight at Chaifetz Arena during game to promote non-violence
Undercover testing finds TSA missed 95 percent of fake bombs, weapons
TSA failed 95% of undercover security tests
Lightning Institute Ticket, Apparel Restrictions in Stanley Cup Final
US-born soldier tried for eating pork
Woman jailed for noisy sex
War between man and machine begins as drone attacks Enrique Iglesias
Caitlyn Jenner will appear on Vanity Fair cover
Gay sex is sinful but incest apparently isn't: Boy forced to sleep with his mother to cure his gayness
Academic Journal Deletes Article Telling Woman to Let Adviser Ogle Her Breasts
A scrappy little (digital) dog followed these people around the mall #LookingForYou
Oxford Union condemns itself as racist over cocktail poster
Unusual phenomenon shows gamers blur between virtual and real world
Body of elderly woman found stuffed in suitcase at Tokyo train station
Florida man accused of attacking man who wouldn't let him pet dogs
Halle Berry Plastic Surgery - Did it Even Happen?
This New Phone Is Literally Called the 'Selfie'
Men in matching kilts: just one more reason to support same-sex marriage
Johnny Manziel throws water bottle at heckling fan and misses.
Shia LaBeouf TED Talk
Nacho cheese leads I.C. police to burglary arrest
Carbon monoxide leak kills Gallatin County couple having sex in car
States enlist prisoners, plan biosecurity to combat avian flu threat
Kylie Jenner Is Recording a Single with Kanye West
Man complains about breastfeeding mum, gets asked to leave cafe | brisbanetimes.com.au
Lifestyle Baltimore Insider Marilyn Mosby, prosecutor in Freddie Gray case, made an early court appearance -- on 'Judge Judy'
Creationist Makes Significant Fossil Discovery And Won't Accept That It's 60 Million Years Old
Marilyn Mosby, prosecutor in Freddie Gray case, made an early court appearance -- on 'Judge Judy'
Muslim Woman Denied Soda Can for Fear She Could Use It as a Weapon hot tub time machine style
Cops Caught On Video Accidentally Pepper-Spraying Each Other As They Beat Handcuffed Man
'Why take my vibrator?': Michigan cops legally rob 'every belonging' from medical marijuana patient
Neighbours in street brawl following remark about the weather
Two Men Stuck in Flood Call Police for Help, Cops Arrive and Kill One of Them, Arrest the Other
Man Who Hosted "Draw Muhammad" Event in Phoenix Wants $10 Million to Provide Security for His Family
Edmonton bans 'mermaiding' in all city pools
Indicted ex-FIFA official Jack Warner cites 'Onion' article to defend himself
"The case for why Baltimore should pay murderous residents not to kill" -- Washington Post
Michele Bachmann upset we can't indoctrinate immigrants into Christianity
People I wish the internet would spam till they cried...
CNN Poll: 6 in 10 back renewal of NSA data collection
Man Shoots Swordfish with Speargun, Swordfish Impales Him. Both found dead.
Boston OUI Lawyer Charged With An OUI After A Girl Falls Off A Boat Called "Naut Guilty" And Gets Her Arm Severed
Lil Wayne Tried To Fight A Referee At A Charity Basketball Game In St. Louis
The case for why Baltimore should pay murderous residents not to kill
Want to Save Water? Build a Pool, Says the Pool Industry
'God' Settles Law Suit with Equifax; Finally Gets Credit Score
Most read Live feeds Recommended for you News Sport Showbiz What's On Weird News TRENDINGKAREN BUCKLEYWEATHERPRIDE OF IRELANDIRISH WATER GAA Soccer Rugby Home News World News South Africa Lion Park attack: Tourist killed and another critically injured after beast jumps through open car window
KFC sues in China over 8-legged chicken rumor.
Woman goes blind in one eye after getting licked by cat
TSA failure: Investigators able to smuggle weapons past airport checks in 95 percent of tests
Racist Boy Dies for 5 Minutes, Comes Back & Says Jesus is a N***
Pool industry touts water savings in California drought
Drunk naked man pops Xanax on airplane, pisses on Dolph Lundgren
What Happens When a Psychopath Falls in Love
Telly wildman Matt Pritchard apologises after URINATING on Rocky IV star Dolph Lundgren
440 pounds of cocaine found in pineapples
British woman tries to charge monkeys with sexual assault: Report
The Saga Continues! J.K. Rowling Just Announced She Will Be Releasing New Stories Where Ron Dies Every Day For A Year!
German police: Reported armed mob was group of asparagus pickers
High Heels Heighten Health Hazard
Drunk driving attorney arrested for drunk driving a boat after woman's arm severed by propeller.
Woman claims she was sexually assaulted by monkeys; tries to file police report
Mermaids banned in Edmonton pools
'Dave' the thuggish kangaroo wanders the streets of a quiet suburb (North Lakes in Brisbane)
God has an 820 credit score
KFC Sues Over Rumors Company Uses Eight-Legged Chickens With Six Wings
No One Knows If This Trashcan-Scooting Startup Is Real?
With Unlimited Capital, Former Goldman Sachs Partner Takes On Yelp For The Good Of Humanity
10 Largest Cannabis Companies In 2015
Sunshine Coast man fined for travelling at speed limit
Ranking 129 college football campuses by Chipotle proximity
Judge rules firefighter too drunk to know he'd hit cyclist not guilty of hit and run
Enrique Iglesias Undergoing Reconstructive Hand Surgery After Drone Strike
Exclusive: Africa backs Blatter, a vote against would be 'blasphemy'
US airport screeners missed 95% of weapons, explosives in undercover tests
Obama: I've Restored the US as the 'Most Respected Country in the World'
1 Teenager Allegedly Poses As FBI Agent, Steals And Crashes Dealer's Car
Cards Against Humanity isn't funny anymore
Edmonton cyclist denied entry to bike shop 'based on gender' [post from r/MensRights]
Newly Discovered Marsupial Will Literally Have Sex Until It Disintegrates
Florida Man Slashes Tires After Woman Takes His Bingo Seat: Cops
Was eating dinner and looked up at some brilliance ala Anderson Cooper...
Dj Beat To Death By Students For Playing Iggy Azalea Song At Prom
Trump: I won't do straw poll if everyone backs out
Scientists Discover New Marsupial That Has Sex Until It Dies
Moscow Region Mayor Accused of Beating Up Disabled Boy Settles Out of Court
TSA Failed 95 Percent of Breach Tests Letting Weapons, Fake Bombs Through
Minneapolis private school takes students to sex toy store for sex education lesson
Chinese dog-eating festival outrages foreigners
Lil Wayne Spits On Ref And Starts Brawl At Anti-Violence Charity Basketball Game
In Ohio Pepper-Spray Assault Case, Victim Gets to Fire Back
False invoices easy to spot because sacked executive could not spell
Marijuana church given tax-exempt status in Indiana: 'Somebody at the IRS loves us'
Man arrested for saving his dog from a fire blazing in his own apartment.
Guy Gets Arrested For Saving His Dog From A Fire
Missouri TV station airs country music show instead of playoff hockey
Gay teen forced to have sex with his mother to 'cure' homosexuality
Gay teen forced to have sex with his mother to 'cure' him
Report: Netanyahu Promises Talmud Will Be Israeli Law
CPS Employee Charged With Sexual Abuse
Teens say Taylor Swift light show saved them in wreck after concert
Gay teens raped by family members in a bid to cure their homosexuality
Lil Wayne Attacks The Ref At 'Stop The Violence' Basketball Game
'Masturbators' hands will get pregnant'
Update from United Airlines regarding the muslim woman
What would happen if men had periods.
Police hunt men armed with asparagus
'Sensational' ancient manuscript sells for 356,800 euros Sale of 11th-century French religious manuscript described as a 'sensational deal'
Naughty pig arrested by police leaves a very nasty surprise in the back of their patrol car
Pilots Qualified to Fly in India After Just 35 Minutes in Air
Dumbledore and Gandalf to marry in front of gay-hating church
Illinois House Speaker Snagged by Patriot Act He Helped Pass
Kennesaw State University academic adviser tells student waiting for guidance he's 'harassing' her
Baltimore prosecutor in Freddie Gray case appeared on "Judge Judy"
Penis detection derailed the Lego Universe MMO
Pig taken into custody and placed in backseat of patrol car where it leaves officers unwanted surprise | Daily Mail Online
Olivia Newton-John Pulls 'Cursed' $6.2 Million Home Off Market - Even Exorcism Can't Salvage Sale
Office workers 'should stand up for two hours per shift to combat serious health risks' -- expert
Lion victim ignored numerous warnings to keep windows closed
Lesbian Virgina Tech Student Who Killed Lover Cause She Wore Sweats To 'Whipped Cream And WIne' Date Sentenced To 45 Years
Tony Blair declined to make a 20 minute speech at a world hunger event because his fee of £330,000 (£275 per second) could not be met.
Farmer driving through Montana gets $16k (intended to buy tractor parts) seized by state troopers. Handler claimed K9 had a "hit" for narcotics but police found none and there were no resulting criminal charges. Seized money was used to train a new K9 unit.
British Tank Flattens Learner Driver's Car
Ice cream cone named after Adolf Hitler on sale in India
Court Orders 'Vegan' Mother to Feed Her Son Proper Food (meat)
Qatar: Editor of Al-Sharq newspaper Jaber al-Harmi quits over Kama Sutra image
ISIS bans pigeon breeding - punishable by public flogging - because seeing birds' genitals overhead offends Islam
Car crashes through gates of Don Dale Youth Detention Centre, doing burnouts
Hiker got lost up mountain trying to find a phone signal with ponies
Fashion Latest Custom Tote Bag - Buy Custom Tote Bag,Fashion Elegance Ladies Handbag,Ladies Handbag At Low Price Product on Alibaba.com
Man files a lawsuit saying his daughter's future Veterinarian career will be hindered because she learned evolution in school. He also states he has mathematically proved evolution to be a religion.
Oklahoma Man Killed By Police During Flood Grabbed, Shoved State Trooper
Malaysia to host world's largest anti-graft conference
Female prison guards form dance group to improve profession's image
Poo smell in the country is legal: court
Lion kills tourist who left car window open
British tank crushes learner driver's car in Germany
Officials: Don't eat fish found on flooded Newark streets
Santa Claus in favor of a dispensary opening in North Pole
Teen Driver's Car Crushed by British Tank in Augustdorf, Germany
ISIS bans pigeon breeding since it's 'offensive to Islam'
Indian beheaded in suspected ritual seeking better harvest
'I thought I was going blind': Lifter's Protein Shaker Explodes In His Face
Local police in Portugal celebrate International Children's Day with simulated riot [Portuguese language]
Obama: "I've Restored the US as the 'Most Respected Country in the World'. Please discuss amongst yourselves
'They can't grow potatoes, and have a weed as their national symbol' Australian advisor launches anti-Irish tirade
Giant kites kill again as Japanese festival turns into tragedy
Motor neurone disease charity's poster criticised for its 'threatening tone'
Tampa Bay Lightning restricting Stanley Cup ticket sales to Florida residents only, not allowing Blackhawks apparel in areas of arena.
LEGO tram extension deemed too expensive to complete
Kitchen Manager Fired For Giving Lunch To Students Without Money
What if Rand Paul were Muslim? The white, privileged assumptions behind his Patriot Act "principles"
Last Thing Learner Driver Expected Was To Be Run Over By Tank
Lil Wayne Attended an Anti-Violence Charity Basketball Game & Fought a Referee
Cleveland's Iman Shumpert hesitant about playing NBA Finals in California after watching 'San Andreas'
'Stand Your Ground' Defense Planned By Man Accused Of Shooting George Zimmerman
News Corp chief criticises 'trash traffic' on BuzzFeed-style sites
Iman Shumpert hesitant about playing in California after watching 'San Andreas'
New Jersey Residents Advised Not To Eat Fish From The Sewer
California man brutally beat 82-year-old Sikh grandfather he mistook for 'one of those people'
George Zimmerman Shooter To Use 'Stand Your Ground' Defense
Chickens will soon be welcome in Mercier-Hochelega-Maisonneuve, and they won't be accompanied by fries or coleslaw
Manspreading is a thing now!!!
Teens Accused Of McChicken Sandwich Sex Act.
Homeless people to be fined up to £1,000 for sleeping rough
From a nondescript office building in St. Petersburg, Russia, an army of well-paid "trolls" has tried to wreak havoc all around the Internet - and in real-life American communities.
Fifa corruption: Qatar says investigations are racist, anti-Arab and show 'ugly face' of countries who lost 2022 World Cup bid
Cyclist Removed From Nude Bike Ride After 'Becoming Aroused'
Zimmerman Shooter Will Try a Stand Your Ground Defense
Rhode Island officials blame apps like Tinder for spike in STDs
To get into elite colleges, some advised to 'appear less Asian'
Woman tries to sue MONKEY for sexual assault - after it tears her bikini off
Scabies infected man found with crossbow has court case carried out in the back of a prison van
Police Remove Cyclist From Nude Bike Ride In Kent Because He Had An Erection
Are You Emotionally Intelligent? Here's How To Know For Sure - Forbes
Drunken man sets up fake DUI checkpoint, police say
Central Oregonians Raise Money To Memorialize Beloved Deer 'Buck Norris'
Long Island burglar's red underwear leads to police arrest
Florida man gets second-degree burns from lime juice
TV station forced to play religious freedom video 72 times after slur on atheists
Pakistanis respond after 'spy pigeon' detained in India
Dog Dies After Being Left in Petco Dryer, Owner Says
Suspected fake cop tells real officers he's scheduled to start police academy in fall
Vince Vaughn: 'Of Course' Guns Should Be in Schools
Becoming disabled by choice, not chance: 'Transabled' people feel like impostors in their fully working bodies
FIFA Film: An Epic Fantasy
KFC sues Chinese companies over 'eight leg' chicken rumours
A start-up is looking to sell artisanal salami made up of celebrity meat.
Donald Trump has a 'very beautiful' plan to defeat Isil but he can't tell anyone about it
Georgia doctor robbed of more than money: Pants stolen, too
State: Man who said Holy Spirit guided him ran Ponzi scheme
Minneapolis sex education teacher takes students to adult store
US military accidentally ships live anthrax to labs
The UK election was so unfair it put my Chinese students off democracy
"Smiling pig" in back of cop car leaves quite a mess
President Vows To Quit If Gold Toilets Found
Huckabee On Transgender People: I Wish I Could've Said I Was Transgender In HS To Shower With The Girls
Mike Huckabee: I wish I could have claimed to be transgender to ' shower with the girls' in high school
Mike Huckabee: 'I wish somebody had told me I could have felt like a woman' so I could shower with them'
Israeli military punishes soldier for eating a pork sandwich
Mers outbreak: Chinese hospital staff 'hold ballot to decide who will treat patient with deadly disease'
Sepp Blatter to quit
Japan finally recognizes Godzilla as a resident and tourism ambassador
Reynolds: Today's college feminists are too fragile to read
Huckabee: I wish I pretended to be transgender to shower with girls
FIFA president Sepp Blatter resigns amid corruption scandal
Huckabee: I wish I could have felt like a woman so I could shower with the girls in high school
Man convicted of driving Zamboni drunk at hockey game
Hillary allows men at 'women-only' event amid weak turnout
Homeless people to be fined £1000 for sleeping rough.
Cops: Pennsylvania man ran fake DUI checkpoint while drunk
Shameless pig poops inside police cruiser and has no regrets about it
Escaped Darwin teens break back into prison after two days, captured doing burnouts inside fence.
Woman goes to jail for being too loud during sex.
Car Crash & Road Rage Fails Compilation 2015 ★ American Driving Dash Cam...
George Zimmerman shooter plans to use 'stand your ground' defense to clear name
Father beats 3-year-old son to death over potty training accidents
Mike Huckabee Joked About Pretending to Be Transgender to Shower With Girls After Gym Class
FBI behind mysterious surveillance aircraft over US cities - "The FBI asked the AP not to disclose the names of the fake companies it uncovered, saying that would saddle taxpayers with the expense of creating new cover companies to shield the government's involvement..."
Man conducts a DUI checkpoint while drunk
Missile firm offers to recreate MH17 crash in bid to clear Russia
Man Ran Fake DUI Checkpoint While Drunk
People fearing space weapons target one California town
Iman Shumpert Watches 'San Andreas,' Doesn't Want to Go to California for the NBA Finals Anymore
Santa Claus in favor of opening a dispensary in North Pole
Lufthansa redefines unnecessary luxury with fireplaces for private jets
Residents warned not to eat fish washed up during flooding
Gay Teen Forced To Have Sex With His Mom To "Cure" Him Of Homosexuality
Why Your Company Shouldn't Blame Competitors, the Government or Unions
Turkey's Top Religious Body Allows Use of Toilet Paper
This shadow government agency is scarier than the NSA
Richmond Council saves us from space attacks (by 5-2 vote!)
Thank God: There's Finally A 'Fireplace' For Private Jets
All-male version of Hooters called 'Tallywackers' now open in Texas
Dennis Rodman Would Love to Go on a Date with Caitlyn Jenner
These newly discovered marsupials basically sex each other to death
Ten Days of Silent Meditation Will Make You Trip Balls and Lust After Puppies (x-post /r/Meditation)
FDA Approves New Tranquilizing Darts for Children
KFC: Our chickens do not have eight legs
KFC: Our chickens don't have eight legs
North Pole won't block pot sales after support from Santa Claus
TSA Fails 95% of Mock Security Tests
Swedish broadcaster sends porn to children
Hypocrite alert! Rick Santorum blasts Pope Francis as 'not credible' on climate change: 'Leave the science to the scientists'
Police on the hunt for nose-picking break-in suspect
New Species Of Suicidally Sex-Crazed Marsupial May Be In Danger
Eva Braun's purported panties for sale at Ohio antique store
Teen driver makes a wrong turn, watches as 62-tonne tank destroys her Toyota
Mike Huckabee Wishes was Transgendered in High School so he Could See Nude Girls in the School Locker Room
Cops: Teen set up fake DUI roadblock ... while drunk
Students who sleep with the same sex are more likely to get pregnant, says new study
Mike Huckabee: I wish I pretended to be transgender to shower with girls
The threat of invasive walking fish from PNG. Australian ecologists at James Cook University say an aggressive and hardy fish from Papua New Guinea could pose a threat in Australia.
Small penis competition desperately hunting for world's tiniest dong
Mike Huckabee Says He Would Have Pretended to Be Trans to Shower With Girls in School
Start-Up Lets People Rent Out Their Windows As Advertising Space
Huckabee: I wish I could've identified as female in high school gym
WAR ON MEN: FIRST ARRESTS FOR 'MANSPREADING' ON NEW YORK SUBWAY
British Battle Tank Crushes German Driving Student's Car
Mike Huckabee: I wish I could've said I'm transgender in high school to shower with girls
Mike Huckabee: I Wish I Had Been Transgender As Teen So I Could Spy On Girls Showering
Burst Hamilton water main a real squirter
African wildlife amused, perplexed and angered by mirror
Southern Illinois family held hostage by swarm of vultures
Silk panties once owned by Hitler's wife, Eva Braun, for sale at Ohio shop
Sepp Blatter resigns as FIFA president
Calls to deport 'heathen' who put salad on his roll and slice.
Elementary school kitchen manager fired for giving students without money free lunch
Korean companies ask applicants how much alcohol they can handle, physical features
Godzilla gets his Japanese residency, made tourism ambassador
WSJ: A Letter to Stingy American Consumers
South Bronx Man Shot 6 Times After 'Stare Down,' Police Say
Meet The 'Transabled': Able-Bodied People Who Identity As Disabled
Dutch Rubber Duck Artist Cries Foul Over Giant Philly Rubber Duck
Two men arrested for manspreading
LOGGIN CLICK gana dinero desde tu casa y 5$ por ser mi referido
Comic Jeff Ross roasts Brazos County Jail inmates June 13 on Comedy Central
First people arrested for 'manspreading' on New York subway
Pennsylvania man ran fake DUI checkpoint while drunk
Cannabis Roasted Coffee Is Now Legally Available For Purchase
Obviously Haunted Mansion for Sale in Upstate New York
US woman dragged to her death by a lion at Gauteng Lion Park near Johannesburg
Kim Kardashian's Step Dad Turns Into a Lady, Instantly Gets Millions Of Followers
Pakistani politican blames women wearing jeans for earthquakes
Magnanimous San Francisco Landlord Will Let You Live Inside This Box Truck for $800/Month
STUDY SHOWS PEOPLE WHO POST GYM SELFIE'S MIGHT HAVE PSYCHOLOGICAL PROBLEMS
Teachers complain, chaos reigns as St. Paul schools spend millions on 'white privilege' training
Pentagon may have accidentally sent anthrax to itself.
Customer suspects annoyed waiter spit in soda; police use DNA to prove it
Theresa May wants to ban pleasure
Senate Staff Disputes Ex-CIA Official's Defense of Torture
Lady Gaga insists she isn't pregnant: "I'm just almost fucking 30"
Lion kills U.S. woman on safari who had car windows open
Hunt for the rogue pooper-company demands DNA swabs, employees sue
Man found guilty of driving zamboni drunk during hockey game
EFF Sued for Defamation by Patent Lawyer Behind April's Stupid Patent of the Month, Scott Horstemeyer
Teacher Takes Middle- and High-School Students to Adult Shop
School's field trip to sex shop reveals city code violations.
Virginia Tech student sentenced to 45 years for killing lover who wore sweatpants on date
United Passions: Fifa financed film that paints Sepp Blatter as a hero set to be released in US amid corruption allegations
Robin Williams family in bitter legal battle over who owns his socks
Teen Posts Craigslist Ad to Rent a Family for Her Birthday
Free pizza for life clause added to Portland home sale
Japan officially appoints Godzilla its tourism ambassador
Controversial artist pisses off Round Tower
Woman jailed for having outrageously loud sex at 5am
Chimps Would Cook if Given the Chance, Research Says
Pro Gun "Wedding Crasher" Vince Vaughn "Protect Our Kids!" Calls For Guns In Schools. (VIDEOS)
Frankie Munoz busted stealing nachos and beer from convenience store
Oscar Pistorius Could Be Paroled In 3 Months, Wants To Work With Children.
You Can Buy Eva Braun's Nazi Panties For $7,500
Edmonton officer ticketed for parking across handicapped spot during Tim Hortons run
Ellen Pao to appeal against sexism trial defeat
Rick Santorum blasts Pope Francis as 'not credible' on climate change: 'Leave the science to the scientists'
renting family: college student Post heartbreaking ad on Craigslist
Rick Santorum On Pope Francis' Letter On Climate Change: 'Leave The Science To The Scientist'
Akon "lights up" Africa
Loud sex lands British woman in prison
Phoenix mosque protest organizer wants $10 million in fundraising for protection.
Scientists find two new marsupial species that mate themselves to death
School kitchen manager fired for giving lunches to hungry students
Lil Wayne attacks ref at anti violence charity match
KFC Is Going to Court to Dispel Rumors of GMO Spider Chickens
Drunken teen sets up DUI checkpoint, pretends to be state trooper
Black Panther planning to blow up government buildings tells undercover agents he needs to wait for his welfare check to buy the pipe bombs.
British battle tank crushes woman's car in Germany
KFC Denies Rumors of Genetically Modified Spider-Chickens
Woman Accused Of Stealing Headstones To Use As Decorations.
Rogers County Deputies Arrest Man Holding Xbox Game Hostage
Florida Man's got a missile in the passenger seat but folks keep on drivin'
Former FIFA VP Jack Warner cites an 'Onion' article in video defending FIFA
Man who shot at George Zimmerman will use "Stand your ground" defence
Bahamian high school calls in priests after students playing viral marketing game involving pencils allegedly conjured a "gay Mexican demon named Charlie."
Teen sets up DUI checkpoint, pretends to be State Trooper
Đường trượt nước bật tung mát lạnh tại Vinhomes Riverside
M. Night Shyamalan says 'The Last Airbender' flopped because adults didn't get it
Planting flowers in potholes becoming popular protest against bad roads: Commuting roundup
Tom Hanks' Son, A Rapper, Defends Use Of 'Nigga'
American hackers 'bomb' Minecraft version of Denmark and raise stars and stripes in cyber-attack
A New Show Gives Struggling Families $101,000 - But There's a Sick Twist
First Church of Cannabis wins IRS nonprofit status
Britain's biggest James Bond fan is selling off his collection because the recession has left his finances shaken and stirred
The man who was caged in a zoo
Homeless People To Be Fined £1,000 For Sleeping Rough
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to David Blatt: "All of Israel is behind the Cavaliers"
Cleric Blames Women Wearing Jeans for Earthquakes, Allegedly
Pine-Sol use leads to Portland man allegedly slicing woman's hand with machete
Not your kind of Bank employee: a feline named 'Muning' is now part of the DBP security personnel
Dog dies after Petco leaves it in dryer
Japanese robot cat Doraemon helps ease diplomatic tensions with China
Queensland man fined for doing the speed limit
Houston Man Sues Funeral Home After Wife's Casket Surfaces During Flood - Huffington Post
Drunk Man Sets Up His Own DUI Checkpoint
Widower files lawsuit after wife's casket surfaces during flood
A perfect ACT score couldn't get this student into Yale, Princeton, or Stanford, and he says it's because he's Asian-American
Drunk Pennsylvania Man Sets Up Fake DUI Checkpoint, Is Promptly Arrested
Japan Formally Recognizes Godzilla As Resident and Tourism Ambassador
DELL Inspiron 15-5548 Battery
Woman jailed for 'screaming and shouting' whilst having sex
Transabled: Becoming Disabled By Choice
Teletubbies rebooted with 'touch screen tummies'
Her dog coming back covered in human excrement
Sea lion pulls man with fish into San Diego bay
Tourists posing for selfie wreck 18th-century Italian monument
Godzilla finally gets citizenship in Japan
Attorney for George Zimmerman shooting suspect: We'll use stand your ground
Warrants issued for people who cheered at Senatobia graduation
According to the World Health Organisation, British people's teeth are better than those from Spain, Sweden, France and the US.
Famous Japanese hot spring closed after string of orgies revealed
The artist who sold people's Instagram photos ... without asking
Man says he was harassed while carrying gun at airport.
Rejoice Delaware: House Decriminalizes Marijuana Possession
Hoosier Lottery debuts new bacon-scented lottery tickets
Pentagon mistakenly sent live anthrax samples to Winnipeg lab
Pilot says he didn't know he had been in midair collision until after landing
Hoosier Lottery offers chance to win 20 years of bacon
Chemotherapy patient asked to leave restaurant because of head cap
Locals are terrified after fish walks out of water and breathes on land for 6 days
New photos of Kim Jong Un show dictator's weight gain, raise health concerns
Woman busted in Chile for faking own kidnapping in attempt to extort money from dad
Will Isis ruin your Mediterranean holiday?
Cameron Crowe Apologizes for Casting Emma Stone as Asian Character in 'Aloha'
Let God be a 'she', says Church of England women's group
Gunmen steal pizza delivery driver's SUV with 'Guns Save Lives' bumper sticker
Filmmaker Revisits Bill Cosby's 2011 Comments About Rape (Listen)
2022 Qatar World Cup worker deaths 'untrue' - spokesperson
CrossFitters Have Begun Consuming Breast Milk To Supplement Their Workouts
Woman Dies After Getting Illegal Silicone Butt Injections From Fake Doctor: NYPD
Australia votes to condemn TV presenter as "continual boofhead" for racist comments
South Africa minister says Fifa payment of $10m was not World Cup bribe
North Korea hopes to welcome two million tourists
North Dakota Town is Running Short on Poop
Giant inflatable duck causes a legal battle
Study Finds Chimpanzees Could Cook, but They're Too Tired After Work So They Just Order In
New Species of Sex-Crazed Marsupial Engages in a Mating Frenzy Until It Dies
BBC journalist DID wrongly tweet Queen Elizabeth 'has died'
Police Take Pig Into Custody
Santa Claus testifies in favor of pot at North Pole meeting
York Regional Police claim black bear shot on lawn was reaching for officer's firearm
Takata recall shock: Replacement airbags must be replaced
How Monica Lewinsky inspired Caitlyn Jenner
Police Say Drunk Man Ran Fake DUI Stop
Is the orgy planned for Trinity Bellwoods Park for real?
Commuters Forced To Scale Narrow Ledge Inches Above Terrifying Brooklyn Puddle
Drunk Hedgehog Removed From Street In Holland
The Queen's Not Dead: Queen Elizabeth II Is Alive and Well, Despite BBC Reporter's Errant Tweet
Woman dies after receiving a butt-enlargement injection in NY basement
Lesbian sentenced to 45 years for killing lover who wore sweatpants on date - See more at: http://www.gaystarnews.com/article/lesbian-sentenced-45-years-killing-lover-who-wore-sweatpants-date030615#sthash.LDIjxFyu.dpuf
Brazilian journalist tries to interview dead man at crime scene
Lesbian sentenced to 45 years for killing lover who wore sweatpants on date
Philadelphia lawyer shouldn't have to pay rent because she's part of a sovereign nation.
Yves Saint Laurent Ad Featuring 'Underweight' Model Is Banned
Calling Bruce Jenner a Woman Is an Insult to Women
Warrants issued for people who cheered at high school graduation
Father suspected of beating son to death over potty training
A diner close to my home has banned tipping.
Japan Forgives Godzilla for Destroying Tokyo, Makes Him a Tourism Ambassador
Hezbollah-Inspired Movie Fantasizes Conquest of Northern Israel
Game of Thrones editor killed by lion at safari park
Delta Diner bans tips. Sets 20% gratuity Fee.
New Chinese restaurant's name: I Don't Know
Housing Authority forces city workers to wear orange vests so NYPD cops don't shoot them
Chicago-area bar owner: Two-way mirror will be removed from women's restroom
Parasite in cats linked to learning difficulties in children
Arrest warrants issued for parents who cheered high school graduates
'GCHQ doesn't spy on everyone, we don't have enough staff' - intelligence officer
Masked Serbian schoolchildren, armed with plastic knife, steal grade book
Woman Laces Roommates Milk With Skin Shavings
Grand Central: A Letter to Stingy American Consumers
Man Considered "Too Drunk" Is Acquitted of Hit & Run Charge
New Livestream App Lets Strangers Watch You Use Your Phone
Steven Seagal Teaches at a martial arts seminar in Russia
Jennifer Lopez Moroccan concert sparks calls for minister's resignation
World Naked Bike Ride Event Disrupted By 'Overexcited' Cyclist With Erection
Alleged Pakistani Spy Pigeon Arrested in India
Cyclist Removed From World Naked Bike Ride For Having An Erection
Man named God settles lawsuit with credit agency
Gunman robs Macon doctor of his pants and briefcase
Florida man, 82, caught on camera slashing tires after Bingo dispute
Game Of Thrones Editor, Katherine Chappell, Mauled To Death By A Lion At South African Safari Park
People selling gold say it's a great time to buy gold
Teletubbies return with touch screens in stomachs
Zimbabwe rules indiscriminately arresting women at night is illegal, sexist
Fifa scandal: Sepp Blatter given ovation by staff
Drunken PA man sets up his own DUI checkpoint, and is subsequently arrested for DUI.
Grand Rapids E-Liquid | Northland Drive | Premium E-Juice & Box Mods
Scott Walker: Pregnancy from Rape Only an Issue in 'Initial Months'
Minnesota Teacher Took Students to Sex Store on Field Trip
Reminder: 'Family Guy' Predicted Caitlyn Jenner Was A Woman In 2009
The Man Who Put 177 Bikers in Prison
Edmonton hospital's time capsule opening may be the worst ever
Last Task After Layoff at Disney: Train Foreign Replacements
Rick Santorum wants Pope Francis (M.S. Chemistry) to "leave science to the scientists"
Caitlyn Jenner to be Honored With the Arthur Ashe Courage Award at the 2015 ESPYs
Indiana Lottery Debuts Bacon-Scented Lottery Tickets
Wikileaks is offering $100k to anyone who can show the American people the text of their own proposed trade agreement (the TPP)
Black family faces jail time for cheering teen at a Mississippi high school graduation
Caitlyn Jenner to be Honored with the Arthur Ashe Courage Award at The 2015 ESPYS on ABC July 15
Have we been drinking DINOSAUR pee?
"Women just 3 Dove ads away from equality, experts say" (Xpost from 2XC)
North Carolina May Soon Let Clerks Refuse Marriage Licenses to Gay and Interracial Couples
Drunk PA Man Set Up Fake DUI Checkpoint
Black family charged after cheering at a Mississippi high school graduation
HidrateMe Is A Connected Water Bottle That Will Glow When You Need To Take A Sip
US anthrax scare blamed on sample mix-up
Texas Governor Abbott: State Won't Legalize Medicinal Or Recreational Marijuana (as he signs cannabis oil law)
Assault rifle-toting white man complains about being harassed at the airport, because America
Woman to sue eBay for denying her right to sell plots of land on the sun.
Cameron Crowe: "Sorry I made Pure White Emma Stone Quarter Asian"
Regina poutine vandal mistakes hood of car for trash can
Drunk man sets up his own DUI checkpoint on PA highway.
Akon is bringing electricity to 600 million people in Africa
Warning - aggressive 'walking' fish are heading to the Australian mainland: scientists
Crowe apologizes for casting Emma Stone in part-Asian role
Should White Men Stop Writing? The Blunt Instrument on Publishing and Privilege
Cheers at high school graduation lead to arrest warrants for Mississippi family
One way Walmart is motivating workers: Less Celine Dion on the PA system
'Big Win' for Big Brother: NSA Celebrates the Bill That's Designed to Cuff Them
Syracuse Chiefs GM Jason Smorol will get prostate exam during game to help raise awareness
The Obama administration intends to use part of a law banning the bulk collection of US phone records to temporarily restart the bulk collection of US phone records.
Homeless people in London to be fined up to £1000 for sleeping rough
Couple admitted into ER after mistaking super glue with lube
Change.org petition urges IOC to revoke Caitlyn Jenner's gold medal
Godzilla Is Now an 'Official' Citizen of Japan
Cops, Media Applaud Local Busybody for Bravely Harassing Dad Who Briefly Left Kid Alone
High School Baseball Teammates Allegedly Have Sex With Sandwich On School Bus
Mafia boss freed from 14 year jail sentence because he is 'allergic to prison'
Mafia boss let off 14-year sentence because he is 'allergic to prison'
Australian doctors told not to prescribe homeopathic items as 'they do nothing'
Lunch lady reportedly fired for giving kids free meals
Ginnifer Hency's vibrator was not an accessory to an alleged crime that a judge says did not occur.
Boone Co. Ninja Busts up Meth Ring
Cyclist falls into ditch at opening of new safer bike path
Polish painter covers home in aluminum foil, calls it art
Blosom, the World's Tallest Cow, Dies in Northern Illinois
Maryland Woman Charged After Lacing Roommates' Milk With Dead Skin Shavings
10 Largest Marijuana Companies In 2015
Thom Yorke Writes 432 Hour-Long Soundtrack Titled 'Subterranea' for Stanley Donwood Exhibit
Back from the dead: US officials to ask secret court to revive NSA surveillance Obama administration sees unconventional legal circumstance as means to temporarily reinstate bulk collection using same law that banned practice
Creflo Dollar Will Get $70 Million Gulfstream G650 Jet Says Church; World Changers Board Says It Is 'Necessary' for Ministry
French Resist as Uber Tries to Conquer Paris
Nebraska Senator posts picture of beheaded woman as part of pro-death penalty argument
Pigeon 'ARRESTED and jailed' in India by police who believe bird is Pakistani spy
Millennials Are Snake People, Chrome Extension Reveals
Watching the local news could make you racist
FBI's FIFA Mole Took Bribes Ahead of French, South African World Cups
Corner stores turned EBT cards into cash for drugs, wired profit to Yemen, authorities say
Cat becomes new manager of Romanian communications company
Cycling is the perfect sport for transvestites
Ram Breaks In, Steals Nothing
Canada's Forced Schooling of Aboriginal Children Was 'Cultural Genocide,' Report Finds
School official presses charges for cheering at graduation
Police: Friend of teen fatally hit on Eight Mile raped morning after
SPOTIFY JUST DISCOVERED THAT HEAVY METAL IS MORE POPULAR THAN POP MUSIC (x-post from /r/Music)
Angry lawyer-inventor reads "Stupid Patent of the Month," files first lawsuit vs. EFF
School calls pastors after "Demon" concerns.
The USAF found and flattened an ISIL base because of selfies
NYPD Cop Stole Dead Man's Credit Card to Buy Diamond Ring at Zales: Prosecutors
Bishop says Assyrian Christian did not behead ISIS member
Patriots Fan's Obituary Declares Tom Brady Innocent In Deflategate
FAMILIES SERVED WITH ARREST WARRANTS AFTER CHEERING AT GRADUATION CEREMONY
Four People Charged For Cheering At Mississippi High School Graduation
Mississippi high school graduation attendees face jail time for cheering
Petition Urges International Olympic Committee to Revoke Caitlyn Jenner's Olympic Title
Godzilla appointed Tokyo tourism ambassador
Watch: 4 black officers held at gunpoint by white cops
Syria building park dedicated to former North Korea dictator.
Dalek-like Knightscope K5 Robots May Soon Replace Human Security Guards in Silicon Valley
Kill someone you'll get 15 years. Just don't have child pornography or you'll get 56 years like this guy.
Eddie McGuire labelled 'boofhead' by NSW Upper House for Adam Goodes remarks
Family served arrest warrants for 'disturbing the peace' at graduation. "Cheering excessively".
US Air Force Targets and Destroys ISIS HQ Building Using Social Media
Taco Bell is going to start serving alcohol Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/taco-bells-chicago-restaurant-has-alcohol-2015-6#ixzz3c2t6n000
Taco Bell is going to start serving alcohol
'Teletubbies' to return with tablet tummies
A Man Played Beatles Songs On Guitar During His Brain Surgery
The Day Nigerian Senate Passed 46 Bills In Ten Minutes
Man plays Beatles song on guitar while undergoing brain surgery
Port Authority to remove 'Ziggin' Zaggin' decals on buses because of racial slur complaint
Watch man playing the Beatles on his guitar while undergoing brain tumour surgery
Michigan pastor tells gay teen to kill himself, then was outed from Grindr.
Exhibition of Prince-Themed Art Canceled for Lack of Diversity
Man ejected from naked bike event for sporting erection
Lincoln Chafee, Announcing Presidential Campaign, Says U.S. Should Adopt Metric System
Lincoln Chafee Calls for Peace, Metric System in 2016 Announcement
Wisconsin Abortion Ban Would Allow Father to Sue for Emotional Distress
Spaceport boss accused of fraud flees Russia in diamond-encrusted Mercedes
Teacher takes young students on field trip to sex shop
Family members charged for cheering at graduation
Pa. man ran fake DUI checkpoint while drunk
Man on naked bike ride gets ejected after becoming aroused
Disney Developing 'Fantasia' Sequence Into Live-Action Movie
Seattle Man Shot After Refusing To Share His Marijuana
PETA wants memorial for chickens killed in Saskatchewan highway crash
Man gets second-degree burns squeezing limes for a margarita
Accesible Orgy a Go For Disabled
Arrest Warrants Issued To People Who Cheered At High School Graduation
George W. Bush outpolls Barack Obama
Experts believe the sex-crazed dusky antechinus is mating itself into extinction
New South Wales government officially labels football commentator a 'boofhead' over his remarks regarding indigenous player
Cameron Crowe apologizes for casting Emma Stone as part-Asian character
Macclesfield Town In Bid To Host 2026 World Cup
Stewie from Family Guy predicted the coming out of Caitlyn Jenner
Woman who worked at BET died getting herfifth illegal butt injection
Qatar claims NO workers have died while building its World Cup stadiums
Turkey's Former Minister of Interior: 'Gay marriage is the destruction of humanity'
THE ABBOTT GOVERNMENT FARCICALLY VOTES AGAINST ITS OWN LEGISLATION IN PARLIAMENT
Illinois Man Backs SUV Through Garage Door, a Longtime Wish
Baby Moose Loses Her Mom, So Officials Blow Her Up
BBC accidentally tweets queens death
The US state of Nevada passes 'Burning Man tax'
BBC accidentally tweets Queen's death
Godzilla granted citizenship in Japan, appointed tourism ambassador
Workers who fix elevators in the city's housing projects have been ordered to wear bright-orange vestsby supervisors calling NYPD cops "trigger-happy''
Teen got arrested after cop tried to pick her up, failed
NSW parliament officially labels Eddie McGuire a 'boofhead' over Adam Goodes remarks
Google Is Sorry That India's Prime Minister Appeared in a Top 10 List of Criminals
Authorities File Charges Over Loud Cheering at Mississippi High School Graduation
NHAU THAI CỪU : VIÊN BÔI DA NHAU THAI CỪU (LÀM HỒNG DA)
ISIS bans pigeon breeding as seeing birds' genitals 'offends Islam' - report
ISIS bans pigeon breeding, says seeing flying birds' genitals offends Islam
Godzilla Becomes an Official Resident of Shinjuku Ward in Tokyo
Scots redheads urged to back ginger emoji campaign
Armed 7th Graders Storm Classroom, Seize Grade Book From Teacher
Big Bang reveal they filmed the MV for 'We Like 2 Party' slightly intoxicated
Law Firm Web Marketing
My Daughter is a Netflix VPN Thief, Media Boss Confesses
Kelowna woman discovers her long lost father is an Elvis impersonator living in Thailand
3 charged for praising family at Mississippi school graduation
Teenager arrested over £100,000 cannabis factory
Viagra may prove a valuable weapon against malaria
Hardcore pornography 'most prominent sexual educator' for young people
Mobile Network Three Announce Multi-million #FurryRevolution Marketing Campaign. Tag Already Used By Animal Porn Enthusiasts.
New Research Says Robots Are Unlikely to Eat Our Jobs
Fall lyrics 'hard to hear', admits judge in copyright case
High Ongar pedigree koi carp stolen and barbecued
Man Risks Death To Keep Mustache
Beijing 'shocked' at Nazi comparison by Philippines
A Portland family sold their home in exchange for free pizza for life
British expedition set out on a three month trip to track down the world's rarest rabbit, finds it on the first night.
Top fashion hairdresser found dead in a stream after breaking into a zoo wearing rubber bondage gear while high on crystal meth
Godzilla, 61-Year-Old Monster Island Resident, Becomes Japanese Citizen
eBay Won't Let Woman Sell Plots of Land on the Sun, She Sues
10 Surprising Health Benefits of Routinely Rubbing One Out
Ted Cruz Says Tom Brady Was Framed, Blames Hillary Clinton
S. Korea forms MERS task force on national image
Victim seemed happy before being stabbed 72 times
Taco Bell to Serve Beer and Wine at Chicago Site
Chinese company asks for 75 per cent refund of donation for girl's leukaemia treatment, citing accountant's mistake
DNA saves dog from death row
Godzilla made official Japanese citizen
Town to hire pet detective to sniff out dog culprits?
Romanian tech company hires cat as manager
New Kim Jong Un photos show weight gain
Warrants Issued for Family Members Who Cheered at High School Graduation
I Am Voting With My Vagina: Hillary Clinton For President
Judge rules in favor of Minnesota man who sawed neighbor's garage in half
Man reports marijuana theft to police
Terrorist 'moron' reveals ISIS HQ in online selfie, U.S. Air Force promptly destroys compound
Woman builds 60-by-24-foot 'screen' to block view of neighbor's home
Aktywni Widzowie 3 - 2x Karambit fade fn!
Man imprisoned for murder apologizes for accidentally mailing judge razor blade
Stamford Man Calls 911 After 3-Hour Standoff With His Cat
US Air Force targets and destroys ISIS HQ building after spotting it through social media
Female space scientist uses knowledge to develop new shoe.
Air Force bombs ISIS HQ after terrorist 'moron' posts selfie online
Crane needed to extract woman who became stuck in a bathroom stall at Golden Corral.
Texas Gov. Rick Perry announces he's running for president because, "Why the hell not"
Lindsey Graham compares Hillary Clinton to Kim Jong Un
Qatari officials issue statement claiming "Zero worker deaths have occurred on World Cup worksites"
Farce: Saudi Arabia Hosting UN Human Rights Conference on Religious Freedom
A 91-year-old Chicago man fulfills his life-long dream: Crashing an SUV through a garage door
Liberland ? omg! is EU allowing secession within its borders ?
Man backs SUV through garage door to fulfill lifelong wish
How Barry Sanders came to sign a Pontiac Silverdome urinal.
Ontario Film Review Board wants to end profiting from screening porn
Prosecutor: 'He was masturbating after he was shot'
Florida man claims he danced on patrol vehicle to save children from vampires
Selfie With Parents' Sex Toys? Alameda Teacher Accused Of Assigning Bizarre Extra Credit For Sophomores
A game of beer pong led to a fatal shooting in Texas, a witness says
Thanks Boss! Wal-Mart Warms Stores, Allows Jeans, Nixes Celine Dion
London sewage has highest concentration of cocaine of any European city
Police department disbanded after multiple run-ins with city councilwoman and her drug-dealing son
Red Cross Spent Half a Billion Dollars to Build Six Homes in Haiti
Japan mulls emergency toilets in elevators
Macclesfield In Bid To Host 2026 World Cup
Video shows Florida man dancing on patrol car to save children from vampires
The paleontologist who worked on 'Jurassic World' is trying to create a real dinosaur within 5 to 10 years
Judge rules in favor of Iron Range man who sawed neighbor's garage in half
ISIS militant coverts to Christianity after meeting Jesus in a dream
Google, please don't count the calories in my Instagram pictures
Britain's poo-powered bus has just broken a land speed record
Dad bludgeoned son to death in row over granddaughter's custody - then made policewoman a cup of tea
China Tries To Put A More Positive Spin On Cruise Ship Sinking
Russian Fishermen Hospitalized After Trying to Take Selfie With Snake
Star soccer player weds in Paris without telling girlfriend back in Britain..
Google is building an app that will make you never want to eat junk food again
Beatle George Harrison memorial tree killed by beetles
Obama's boast: 'I am the closest thing to a Jew that has ever sat' in the Oval Office
Suburban man, 91, fulfills dream of driving through garage door
Japan closes famous hot spring due to 'orgies'
91-year-old fulfills bucket list item by backing through garage door
Warrants Issued For Family Who Cheered At High School Graduation
Texas Lawmakers Pass a Bill Allowing Guns at Colleges
Bike Shop Denies Entry to Men to Make Store 'More Inviting and Inclusive'
Islamic State has an English-language radio broadcast that sounds eerily like NPR
Buzz-ted: Police ticket driver swerving 'all over the road' while transporting thousands of honey bees loose inside his car
"Set Yourself on Fire" CEO of Anti-Online Abuse Organization Tells Author
Family Members Charged for Loud Cheering at Mississippi Graduation
Scientist discovers new dinosaur, sneaks marriage proposal into the study
This woman in Portland bought a house with pizza
Harrisburg police officer wrongly accuses veteran, 75, of 'stolen valor'
Regina woman caught on dashboard camera wasting perfectly good poutine by dumping it on car windshield
Senator Whose Family Was Caught With Smuggled Cocaine On Cargo Ship Says 'No' To Legalized Marijuana
Mississippi family members charged after cheering at graduation
NJ law clerk mourns deer in state trooper's death, resigns
Evangelicals: Josh Duggar Is Brave. Caitlyn Jenner Is Disgusting
Yahoo Rick Roll'd me and you might be next!
Stop paying federal workers to sit home, personnel chief tells agencies
Bartolo Colon Takes Offense at the Ridicule of His Offense
Gandalf and Dumbledore will marry across the street from Westboro Baptist Church
Chopper the Biker Dog Loses Therapy Certification for Wearing Costume
US presidential candidate allures voters by promising metric system adoption
Outrage From Students As Biggy Smalls Doesn't Come Up In Poetry Section On English Paper 2
Pat Robertson: Schools with interracial dating bans deserve tax-exempt status if it's based on the Bible
Strip Club 'Baby Bumpers' To Feature Pregnant Women
Man drowns after being trapped under lawn mower
Watch a 91-Year-Old man live his lifelong dream of driving through a garage door
How Celebrity Faces Would Look if They Fit the Golden Ratio
High School Graduation Guests Served With Arrest Warrants For Cheering
China bans all internet searches for 'big yellow duck' as part of Tiananmen Square anniversary clampdown after prankster substitutes ducks for tanks in viral image
Man calls 911 after 3-hour standoff with cat
Snoop Dogg Shares Meme Calling Caitlyn Jenner a 'Science Project'
Honolulu upholds ban: don't sit or lie down where a tourist might see you
Teen dies after doctors allegedly dismiss stomach cancer symptoms as desire to be thin
Doge finally got his break.
What to Expect When You're Expecting to Eat Your Placenta
Drugs on Baltimore streets could keep it high 'for a year,' Batts says
Margarita Dermatitis? Man gets second-degree burns from lime juice, sun
Science teacher suspended for using jammer to shut up students' cell phones
Walmart to boost staff morale by playing less Celine Dion
Ted Cruz apologizes for mocking Joe Biden shortly after son's death
EPA: Fracking doesn't harm drinking water
Man shows up drunk to be fingerprinted for previous DUI
Apartment under siege by Icelandic police for six hours turns out to be empty
Why Hillary Clinton is the Night's King from 'Game of Thrones'
Witnesses knock over porta-potty while man inside pleasuring himself
Man Calls 911 After His Cat Attacks
90 Year-Old Man Realizes Glorious Dream Of Backing Through Garage Door
Police: DUI suspect showed up drunk to be fingerprinted
Prince Harry knighted for service to the Queen
Family served arrest warrants for 'disturbing the peace' at graduation
Hamster Wheel Standing Desk helps you stay fit at the office
Two artworks missing from the Boston Public Library have been found at the library.
SF gentrification pushes lower-income residents into radioactive areas
Saw creator Leigh Whannell really wants to make a children's movie
Mississippi Family Faces Jail Time for Cheering at High School Graduation
Customers say Manager trapped them inside Ross over missing items
Bodybuilder Uses Blackmail Sex Scam To Fund His Protein Powder Habit
Chinese company building $150million replica of Titanic which will even 'hit an iceberg' so tourists can RELIVE the tragedy
91-year-old Chicago man backs SUV through garage door, fulfilling lifelong dream
Brooklyn Landlord Who Killed Tenant In Rent Dispute Says It Was Self-Defense
Parking machine calls French mayor a b**tard
Solid Gold Bongs Show The Scythians Took Cannabis Very Seriously Indeed
Prince George Looks for 'Daddy' in China Cabinet After Hearing Prince William Is in China
Brazilian Man Plays Guitar During His Own Brain Surgery
North Pole rejects ban on pot sales
Director apologizes for casting Emma Stone as Asian
Girl, 13, commits suicide days after 'father cuts off her hair and posts shaming video on YouTube'
David Palin: Top hairdresser found dead in stream wearing fetish gear (after breaking into a zoo)
"Rick Perry Supporter, Let's Protect Our Border": The Glorious Rick Perry Country Rap Song
Stamford Man Calls 911 After 4-Hour Standoff With 'Aggressive' Cat
Cops: Atlanta City Hall evacuation triggered by costume jewelry
Shooting death of a 19-year-old in College Station started with a fight over beer pong rules
Family Christian Stores CEO trusting in God as bankruptcy decision looms
Tranquilizer dart gun that puts kids to sleep has been approved by FDA.
Raining lampreys: Eel-like fish drop from the air in Fairbanks
Vengeful Citizens Push Over Port-a-Potty as Man Masturbates Inside
Justices: Retailer Can't Refuse To Hire Someone Because She Wears Hijab
New company named TrashDay takes your trash to and from the curb
Eating your placenta isn't good for you after all, study reveals
Witnesses push over portable potty with man pleasuring himself inside
Woman attacked by runaway cow in Lerwick
Sarah Palin Slams 'Pedophile' Lena Dunham, Defends Duggar Family
Airline fined $31K because one of its seats wouldn't recline
Controversial Danish study suggests circumcision may be linked to autism
Douchey investment banking analyst at Barclays sends interns a memo outlining the "Ten Commandments" of being a banking analyst. Includes: "Have a spare tie/scarf or two around. You never know when your associate will run out of napkins."
Man buys $140,000 car with coins
The latest cringeworthy Wall Street memo to interns
Chimpanzees Would Cook if Given the Chance, Research Says
School: You Will Be Jailed for Cheering Too Loudly at Graduation
Michelle Duggar Doubles Down On Claims That Transgender People Will Molest Children
Sarah Palin Says Media Ignored 'Pedophile' Lena Dunham While Shaming Duggars
Bus Messages Called Offensive When Read Backwards
Fifa crisis: Blatter 'working on reforms' despite quitting
Anti-Online Abuse CEO to Author: "Set Yourself on Fire"
Warriors Fan Offers Chance To Name Unborn Daughter For Tickets To Finals
Hitler's secret cognac and champagne stash found beneath German restaurant
91-year-old man fulfills dream of driving through a garage door
Alleged flasher gets trapped, tipped in port-a-potty
Graham: Kim Jong-un Has Better Press Availability Than Hillary
Broncos enforce fart tax in meetings, Von Miller is fined most frequently
Call of the wild: Local Furries say they are misunderstood
This cock ring quantifies your sex life
Trump: White House 'Clowns' Haven't Asked for My Foolproof Anti-ISIS Plan
Judge To Face Suspension Over Facebook Post
Man arrested for wearing stormtrooper costume too close to a school.
Von Miller reveals Broncos fine him for passing gas in team meetings
Fish which can walk out of water and breathe on land for six days 'could spell major disaster' for wildlife in Australia
'Weave Loan Store' To Offer Loans To Buy Hair Extensions In Detroit
Georgia man wandered around Atlanta airport with a loaded AR-15 because 'something might happen'
Woman Tried to Bribe Officer By Offering to 'Lick His Butthole'
Man arrested for carrying crack...ers.
Ghost Bike Memorial to Portland Cyclist Struck By Car, Also Apparently Struck by Car
City official steals copper for $40 profit after paying off inmates.
High school teacher offers extra credit for students to take selfies with their parents' sex toys.
Former city official arrested after paying inmates to steal tornado siren and loot the copper and aluminum, makes a $40 profit.
NOAA Fiddles With Climate Data To Erase The 15-Year Global Warming 'Hiatus'
AOL Overhauls Its Site in an Attempt to Woo Millennials
Eating placenta 'does not benefit health'
Man calls 911 after 3-hour-long standoff with his cat
The F-35's Bomb-Dropping Exercise Is a P.R. Stunt
China hacks every single goverment agency
Chairman of California Affordable Housing Board is Mass Evicting His Own Apartment Buildings
Cracker Barrel chaos after hundreds of old chairs tossed in dumpster
Senators push for end to military paying NFL to honor troops
Deflategate: Part Deux. Von Miller Reveals Broncos Fine Him for Passing Gas During Meetings
Golden Hammer: Federal government gives $10 million to 200 dead people
B.C. woman finds biological dad on Facebook living as Elvis impersonator in Thailand
GUTIÉRREZ: I ASSUME GOD SPEAKS SPANISH BECAUSE HE NAMED HIS ONLY SON JESUS
Deflategate: Part Deux. Broncos fine Von Miller for Passing Gas During Meetings.
Arrest Warrants Issued After Excessive Cheering At High School Graduation
NBA Entertainment Crew Has $40K Worth of Equipment Stolen in Oakland Parking Lot
Dennis Hastert wrestling tournament likely to be renamed
Obama: 'I am the closest thing to a Jew that has ever sat' in the Oval Office
Hitler's wife's panties apparently for sale in Ohio
Nazi booty: Silk panties once owned by Hitler's wife, Eva Braun, for sale at Ohio shop
First hip-hop act coming to Wichita
Uncovered: How academics are teaching Ferguson, Baltimore with a Google Doc
6 Shocking Things Kentucky Woman Said Before Being Convicted of Boyfriend's Murder
Duggar family says real crime is release of molestation records
Quanah Man (Texas) Gets 33 Years for Having a Bulletproof Vest
Bell Media president says using VPNs to skirt copyright rules is stealing
A Chick-fil-A Donated 200 Sandwiches to Iowa City's Pride Picnic
Fake Orca Capsizes, Fails to Scare Sea Lions From Oregon Docks
Dad files police report over school trip to Smitten Kitten sex toy store
'Mentally unstable' British actor fighting ISIS in Syria should be removed before he is abandoned or murdered, says ex-US marine
Forget The Cash, This Lottery Ticket Has A 20-Year BACON JACKPOT
Kurdish fighters ask US to extract Hollywood actor in Syria
The oldest Isis jihadi: 80-year-old Chinese grandfather fights for Islamic State in Syria
Birds Repeatedly Dive Bomb Vancouver Woman
Actor Accidentally Stabbed by Real Knife During Live Performance
FIFA corruption scandal: Vatican official says 'sports troubled by great evils'
Air Force: We Blew Up a Building Based on a Single Selfie
VIDEO: Bizarre worm balls found in Texas- but why?
Man backs SUV through garage door, a longtime wish
Arizona actor accidentally stabbed during performance
Man backs SUV through garage door, fulfilling a longtime wish
Prophet buried alive in cleansing ceremony
Student changed his name by deed poll to avoid £220 airline fee
Why people in Japan are sticking their heads in boxes
The teletubbies will haunt children for generations
Man legally changes name to save on Ryanair booking amendment fees.
all - Jiffier gifs through HTML5 Video Conversion.
FIFA scandal: Sepp Blatter was 'former lover of Cristiano Ronaldo's model ex-girlfriend Irina Shayk'
helth in web check out on here
Man legally carrying loaded gun in airport soon to realize that exercising certain rights actually cause government to take them away.
Code your own climax with this custom vibrator
Brazilian man sings, plays his guitar during brain surgery
Lake Disappears After Thunderstorms
Chinese city using drones to nab cheaters on all-important exam
Man plays The Beatles on guitar while undergoing brain surgery
Sepp Blatter was 'former lover of Cristiano Ronaldo's model ex-girlfriend Irina Shayk'
Student changes name by deed poll to avoid £220 Ryanair admin fee.
Fire crews rescue girl and her cat from tree
LIL THUG-E - BOLNO [LYRICS]
Miss Piggy, an inanimate puppet often voiced by men, gets feminist award from Gloria Steinem
House for sale in Indonesia, with a rare offer of free wife:
Student legally changes name because it was cheaper than changing flight booking
'All of a sudden I heard something snap': Man fractures penis having sex with girlfriend
Priest rides 'possessed' man like donkey in bizarre exorcism.
Student legally changed name to avoid Ryanair name change fee
'Moron' terrorist takes a selfie in front of ISIS headquarters, Air Force bombs it 22 hours later
'Pakistani spy' pigeon finds love in a hopeless place
'We had no privacy because of them': Newly-wed couple burn niece, nephew alive - Firstpost
Von Miller Reveals Broncos Fine Him for Passing Gas During Meetings
911 caller hits on dispatcher, brags about muscles, police say
How to attend your own funeral
Teacher Accused of Allowing Students to Have Sex in Closet
Witnesses knock over portable toilet while man inside pleasuring himself
Montana man saves moose; park authorities blow it up
Broncos players have a fart tax and Von Miller is the fartiest
Man's marriage proposal inside McDonald's chicken sandwich isn't well-received by girlfriend
Student legally changes name because it was cheaper than changing Ryanair booking
Man calls 911 when cat refuses to let him in his house.
Drunken Russian Destroys Lenin Statue While Trying to Take Selfie
Kim Jong-un is being fat-shamed by CNN
Minnie Mouse & Hello Kitty Arrested In Times Square Brawl
Death of man impaled by swordfish ruled accidental
Patient sings, plays guitar while undergoing brain surgery
Emma Sulkowicz Made a Film Addressing Rape
Stormtrooper invades school zone, gets arrested
Early Morning Toker Hotboxes Subway Car Like a Boss
Cocaine dealer avoids jail time - because prison would 'expose him to criminals'
Cops forgot, so fine will be paid back to all the people who did disgusting things in last 10 yrs
Denver Broncos LB Von Miller says he gets fined for farting the most in meetings
Art from Boston Public Library Found at Boston Public Library
UT Police Issue Alert After Report of Indecent Exposure at Drag Bus Stop
School Fined $1000 for Candy Awards
Student Changes Name to Avoid Airline Charges.
Fake orca nearly drowns before it can scare Ore. sea lions
Botanical Garden Visitors Told Not to Drink Toilet Water
London has the highest concentration of cocaine in sewage of anywhere surveyed in Europe.
Germany sent rocket-propelled grenades to Saudi Arabia to swing 2006 FIFA World Cup vote
'Dr. Oz Show' hires medical expert to research, verify scripts
Miss Piggy: Why I Am a Feminist Pig
Sheriff: KFC employee set trees on fire after believing he was getting fired
Bitcoin Leader Changes Mind, Says He'll Fork Without Developer Consensus
Teacher Assigns Sex Toy Selfie For Extra Credit
Cat in Romania Becomes Boss
Drunk Man Attempts Selfie, Destroys Statue Of Lenin Instead
Eating Placenta Does Nothing for Your Health, Study Says
Nebraska's Governor Threatens to Execute Prisoners Out of Spite
Photographer documents a man's domestic relationship with his lifelike silicone sex doll
Best iPhone 6 Case
You Can Now Get Paid To Be A "Professional Cuddler" In Montreal
Elevators might get toilets in earthquake-prone Japan
This Week's Full Sagittarius Moon In Mercury Retrograde Is Wreaking Havoc On Nearly Everyone
Pet store store advocating for puppy mills.
Florida man dances on cop car to ward off vampires.
White House Invites Millennials To Thwart ISIS' Recruitment Efforts
Columbia University anti-rape activist Emma Sulkowicz releases sex video as newest art piece
And cashiers complain about folks using a ton of change to pay... "Man Buys Car Using 660,000 Coins"
Syracuse football coach Scott Shafer offers scholarship to baby of SU alum, sportscaster Adam Schein
Confirmed: Captain Picard sides with Christian bakers and religious liberty in gay-wedding discrimination cases
Student changes name to avoid £220 Ryanair admin fee
JFK passenger revived by TSA screener after choking on donut ... on National Donut Day
Dolphins kicker injured leg during team kickball game, report says
The irony in this article is just too much.
Minnie Mouse, Hello Kitty costumed characters brawl in Times Square: police
Student legally changes his name to avoid ticket fee at airport
This was the lead story on the Boston Globe's online site today
Brooklyn Man Robbed at Gunpoint for $1,100 in Bitcoin, Police Say
School stands behind field trip to sex toy store
Mystery worm-like sea creature causes panic in Taiwan
Cs Go Matchmaking |1| - Samotna wyprawa
Emma Sulkowicz, mattress girl, made performance art video about rape
Emma Sulkowicz, mattress girl, makes performance art porno about rape
Fake orca nearly drowns before it can scare Oregon sea lions
Austin PD: Beer-run robber demands food truck worker make him tacos
Australia's Newest Tourist Attraction: Nuclear Test Zone
Facebook now calling baby yoga video child abuse
Bitcoin is Hacker's Weapon of Choice as Friendfinder Scandal Deepens
NFL Kicker Injured While Playing Kickball
Rubio on Iraq: "It's not nation-building. We are assisting them in building their nation."
Out of Spite: The Governor of Nebraska's Threat to Execute Prisoners
Man saves moose in park, park authorities shoot it and blow it up with dynamite.
An exploding toilet sent one man running for cover
Robert Mugabe's stepson fined for manslaughter in Zimbabwe
Indian restaurant trapped with 'Entourage' poster for 5 years - News - Boston.com
Sarah Palin says you're spitting on American soldiers' graves by criticizing the Duggars
Sarah Palin Calls Lena Dunham A 'Pedophile,' Blasts Media Over Treatment Of Duggars
Sarah Palin defends Josh Duggar by attacking 'pedophile' Lena Dunham
Palin defends Duggars, attacks Dunham
Thunderstorm sets record for Phoenix with .01 inch of rain
Bridge Sign Implores Chicagoans to #NeverForget Dave Matthews Poop Dump
Boston Library's Missing Artwork Is Found _ in the Library
Von Miller Of The Denver Broncos Says He Got Fined For Farting
Man Calls 911 Because His Cat Locked Him Out of the House for Four Hours
Indian restaurant trapped with 'Entourage' poster for 5 years
Man changes name to Adam West to avoid Ryanair name change fee
Brooklyn man robbed at gunpoint for $1,100 in Bitcoin
Man Chewed Through Squad Car Seat Belt Because He Didn't Want to Miss Son's Birthday
Man Changes Name To 'Adam West' To Avoid Paying $336 Airline Fee
Campaign Reporters Told There Will Be 'NO Opportunities To Question Hillary Clinton'
Is Emma Sulkowicz The First Porn Star To Attend The SOTU?
Minnie Mouse And Hello Kitty Arrested In Times Square After Brutal Brawl Read more at http://www.inquisitr.com/2147943/minnie-mouse-and-hello-kitty-arrested-in-times-square-after-brutal-brawl/#XEAGO5kYoHmXJYxC.99
Woman Suing Ebay Claims She Owns The Sun, Has The Right To Sell Real Estate There
This man legally changed his name to avoid a booking-error fee on Ryanair
Hellacious Eel-Like Fish Are Dropping From The Sky In Alaska
The curious case of the woman suing eBay over ownership of the sun
Petition To Save Jay-Z's Tidal Only Gets 14 Signatures: Should Rihanna And Kanye West Quit?
Pennsylvania Man Ran Fake DUI Checkpoint While Drunk: Cops
Can a company do well by being nice? Comcast (and others) will try
Bass players actually the most important member of the band, according to science
FIFA Women's World Cup in Canada because no one else wanted it says Canada Soccer
Mike Huckabee: I should've pretended to be transgender in school to 'shower with the girls'
Senate Expense Audit: Tory Senators Wish They Knew Auditor Had Fingered Their Own Leader
Texas Middle School Teachers Give 'ghetto' award
Germany bought 2006 World Cup votes by sending Saudi Arabia rocket-propelled grenades
Former Pro Model Becomes NASA Rocket Scientist
Florida man caught on video dancing atop deputy's cruiser, claimed he was threatened by vampires.
Student legally changes his name to avoid paying an airlines ridiculous administrative fee
'Moron' terrorist leads U.S. troops to ISIS HQ with selfie
Florida Man Reportedly Dances On Police Car To Summon Help In Vampire Battle
Burglar Baked A Potato, Raked Leaves: Cops
British student changes name to Adam West to avoid $420 airline rebooking fee
U.S. replies to social media post with bombs
550 pound woman gives birth to 35 pound baby.
Cyberbullying rallies Portsmouth girls in defense of prom dresses
Patrick Stewart Defends Northern Irish Bakery That Rejected 'Support Gay Marriage' Cake
Khloe Kardashian is now riding with the Compton Bloods
Colorado teen diagnosed with "text neck"
Minnie Mouse, Hello Kitty Arrested In Another Times Square Mascot Brawl
13 cans of whipping cream found after SUV wrecks
Bobby Jindal will attack candidates who support converting to the metric system
Butts Arrested in Boob Murder Case
Music festival proudly touts most expensive ticket ever
Doctor on trial for misusing his dead mother's disabled badge, receives parking ticket for parking in a disabled space outside the courtroom
Von Miller pays price for farting in team meetings
Swedish tourist slaps Malta police officer to get himself deported
The Biggest Scam of All: Pastor Creflo Dollar Will Get His $65 Million Luxury Jet
St. Peters man abused boy in dispute over drinking Mountain Dew at night
Pastor Creflo Dollar To Receive $65 Million Jet
Two body builders argue on the internet about how many days are in the week
Sheriff's employee shows hardcore porn to parents
The Broncos have a 'fart tax,' and Von Miller says he's paid it the most
Jill And Jessa Duggar: Josh Was "Too Curious About Girls"
Electric Candle Causes Annandale Fire
Drinking and firefighting not a new concern for South Dakota
Pittsburgh Buses To Remove Slogans With Unintentional Reverse Racist Messages
Accessible orgy a go for disabled
Patrolman charged with battery wants cops who arrested him fired
Colombia's anti-kidnap chief's daughter abducted
Farmer would rather play Farmville than actually farm
Burrard Bridge to be closed for big yoga class: Premier
Drinking Lots Of Coffee Will Make Your Dick Stronger
Rubios on the Road Have Drawn Unwanted Attention
Cleveland Cavaliers Bus Leaves Without Matthew Dellavedova After Game 1 Loss
Man Calls 911 To Resolve 3-Hour Standoff With Angry House Cat
Germany sent Saudi Arabia rocket-propelled grenades to secure World Cup 2006 vote
State of California pays $106,173 to settle dispute over $1 fine
Florida Man Calls 911 To Brag About Muscles, Hit On Dispatcher: Police
Fraudsters Steal $10k Worth Of Fajitas From Canadian Restaurant
Star Wars Stormtrooper arrested outside of elementary school
Arizona warning: Double-check for kids in cars, things heat up quickly
Ellen Pao, whose husband owes his former law firm $2.7 million, demanded $2.7 million not to appeal discrimination verdict
MAP: The surprising places where Americans are running into UFOs
Man calls 911 when his angry cat won't let him into his house
Firm: Ellen Pao Demanded $2.7 Million Not to Appeal Discrimination Verdict
Uncertainty for Bruce Jenner Lane in South Austin
A Manhattan Fortuneteller Cost Him Fortune After Fortune
Santorum Wants The Pope To Back Off Talking About Climate Science
Parents call on school's chief to resign after Smitten Kitten field trip
Body in Vacaville canal ends up being life-sized doll head
Florida Man Arrested For Dancing Atop Patrol Car To Ward Off Vampires [Video]
Stormtrooper with blaster causes school lockdown, gets arrested
Isis imposes ban on pigeon breeders as sight of birds' genitals is against Islam
Man is accused of breaking into his mother's house and damaging her belongings before driving away while drunk on a lawnmower.
Trader Joe's Ex-President Opens Store With Aging Food And Cheap Meals
Oregon village enlists fake whale to scare sea lions off fish - but it flounders
Woman Is Shot In The Head But Was Saved By Her Weave -- Baby's Father Was Afraid He Would Be "Stuck" With His Kids if She Died
Hello Kitty, Minnie Mouse brawl in Times Square
Brazilian Man Plays The Beatles' 'Yesterday' On His Guitar While Undergoing Brain Surgery
Syracuse Offers Scholarship to Infant
Brag.com -social network for self promotion
Woman Named 'Wale' Jailed for Loud Sex
Egg rationing in America has officially begun
Suspect baked potato, raked leaves during break in
Court documents: man tried to get assault charge dropped by showing alleged victim his penis
'Mattress Performance' Artist Emma Sulkowicz's Newest Work Is A Video Of Violent Sex
Police: Man baked potato, raked leaves during break-in
Dozens march from West Seattle to protest arctic drilling
Protests Planned for Oakland Mayor's Ban on Nighttime Protests
Colombia's anti-kidnap chief's daughter abducted by unknown assailants
Clowns Become Mandatory In Argentine Hospitals Under New Law
New Black Panther Members Plotted to Blow Up Ferguson Police Station But Ran Out of Cash on EBT Card
Man changes his name to dodge airline admin fee
Man stabbed 'for kicking his friends out of WhatsApp group chat'
Man Left In Critical Condition After Kicking Out His Friends From Whatsapp Group
Burrard Bridge In Vancouver To Shut Down For Yoga
Vancouver bridge to shut down for 7 hours on Yoga Day
Teacher reportedly asks students to snap selfies with parents' sex toys
Barbie to undergo ankle surgery so she can wear flats
New Black Panther Party Members Who Met in Ferguson Admit Planning to Kill Prosecutor, Blow Up Police Station (but had to wait for unemployment benefits)
Student changes name to avoid Ryanair administration fee
Fake Orca Used to Scare Sea Lions in Oregon Town Flops
Claws come out: Minnie Mouse, Hello Kitty arrested in Times Square
Even Big Oil Wants A Carbon Tax
Emma Sulkowicz Creates Sex Video As Performance Art, 'Ceci N'est Pas Un Viol'
Versailles 'giant vagina' causes stir in France
Student Legally Changes Name, Becomes Batman to Avoid Fee From Ryanair
Teen breaks into house, gets shot. Masturbates.
Bay Area teacher reportedly asks students to snap selfies with parents' sex toys
School may ban homework to combat depression in pupils
Sparks fly when Chicago gangs battle in the street using Roman candles as weapons
Heil Honey I'm Home: The Nazi-Themed Sitcom Canceled After One Episode
Sunburn art is the latest pointless trend
The Mattress Girl films herself in a violent sex scene for her latest art project: "If you watch this video without my consent, then [you are] objectifying me and participating in my rape."
Naked teen breaks into house, gets shot with shotgun, masturbates
Columbia 'rape victim' creates new art piece showing her having violent sex
Student Changes Name To Adam West Because It's Cheaper Than Changing Ryanair Flight Booking
Jake Gyllenhaal believes that everyone's thoughts are controlled by the moon
Westboro Church to picket Dumbledore and Gandalf Marriage in Ireland
SC pair arrested after 'threatening' emojis sent on Facebook, deputies say
A student legally changed his name because it was cheaper than changing his Ryanair booking
Indian actor duped by online Lottery for INR 7,70,000
Philadelphia City Councilman Attends "White Lives Matter" Rally
Erdoğan claims presidential palace built because old office had cockroaches
Tourists' naked photo shoot atop Malaysian peak blamed for major earthquake as locals claim nudity angered 'mountain spirits'
Mistress sues her ex lover for not leaving his wife
Charges Filed in Discharge of Gun in Cathedral During Mass
ISIS Is Turning 2,300 United States Humvees Into Suicide Car Bombs
Cat parasite linked to mental illness, schizophrenia
Minnie Mouse and Hello Kitty Duke It Out in Times Square
Police organise identity parade of pet dogs after schoolgirl bitten
Madison Co. Child Dies After Ingesting Cinnamon
Student legally changes name because it was cheaper than changing airline booking
Obama at Nike promotes trade deal, says 'Just do it'
Florida man calls 911 to brag about muscles, hits on dispatcher
SWAT situation at PT's Showclub cleared; no suspects found
Student legally changed name because it was cheaper than changing his airline booking
Man goes broke after paying $713,975 to a fortune teller to build magical crystals, a time machine, and a 80-mile bridge made of gold
'How to Make Money Selling Drugs' DVD seized from Springfield drug defendant's apartment
Man arrested for 'kidnapping' his own son, after neighbours didn't recognise him with his new beard
Man dressed as a storm trooper arrested after school principal reports a man with a gun.
Minnie Mouse And Hello Kitty Were Arrested For Duking It Out In Public
Malcolm Gladwell: 'If billionaires don't step up, Harvard will soon be down to its last $30 billion'
'Moron' terrorist leads U.S. troops to ISIS headquarters after posting selfie on social media
Minneapolis repeals spitting and lurking ordinances
Sarah Palin On The Duggar Family: There's Nothing Wrong With Sibling Molestation
Man aged 23 dies after being trapped down a manhole - Police are not treating the death as suspicious
New 1,080-Calorie Burger Comes Topped With Hot Dogs, Chips
Man dies after being trapped down a manhole - Police not treating death as suspicious
Woman Is Shot In The Head But Was Saved By Her Weave And The News Interviewed Her Ratchet Baby Daddy
Islamic State magazine Dabiq sold on Amazon
Godzilla is officially named Tokyo's tourism ambassador, made Japanese citizen
Ryanair passenger legally changes name to dodge $336 fee
Michelle Duggar Defends Smearing Transgender People As Pedophiles: It's 'Just Common Sense'
Hill District Pool Closed For Summer After New Filtration System Mistakenly Shipped To Middle East
Syracuse gets jump on 2032 with pitch to infant
Malaysian official blames Canadians and other foreigners for quake that's killed 13
Smelly justice: Alleged masturbator trapped in overturned porta-potty
Woman to sue eBay for refusing to let her sell plots of land on the SUN
California high school teacher assigned students to take selfies with parents' sex toys: report
Spaniard sues eBay over right to sell the Sun
Syrian Rebels say they want to be "free" like Caitlyn Jenner
If billionaires don't step up, Harvard will soon be down to its last $30 billion
Amtrak train smashes truckload of bacon
Walmart to play less Justin Bieber in stores to lift spirits
Georgia authorities probe Craigslist post offering unborn baby for cash or drugs
Des Moines man live tweets being trapped in a Taco Bell drive-thru
Man dies 15 years after being shot. Shooter to be charged with murder
Two Inmates Tunnel Out of Prison in New York
91 Year Old Illinois Man Backs SUV Into Garage Door, A Longtime WIsh
Nicola Sturgeon listed as a COMEDIAN ahead of appearance on US TV
He Went to the Fortuneteller. Now His Fortune Is Gone. - MSN News
Syrian Rebels Give Shout-Out to Caitlyn Jenner
Dad files police report over school field trip to adult toy store.
american pharoah wins belmont becomes 12th triple crown-winner
Dumbass spends $700,000 on fortune teller. Wants his money back
Former BP Executive Denies Lying Over Gulf Oil Spill Size
Gangster-turned-radical imam may have radicalized dozens behind bars
Robot Fitted With Katana to Create World's Most Efficient Samurai
Lynn man's "Star Wars" stormtrooper costume triggers school lockdown
Deputy throws woman around room after refusing to give her tampon
Woman Goes Blind in One Eye After Her Cat Licks Her
The real scars of Korean gaming
Miss Piggy to be honored with feminist award at Brooklyn Museum
Canadians caught stealing American Netflix to be punished with 3-year Bell contract
Man Dumps Chocolate Chips on Lawn to Deter Dogs
Montana man saves moose; park authorities euthanize, blow it up
Indiana's religious-freedom law just hilariously backfired
Women jeans cause earthquakes.
Ore. firefighters rescue man in overturned portable toilet. Fellow homeless people grew tired of him masturbating with the door open and tipped it over, trapping him inside
Pakistan World Best Army In The Earth
Connecticut homeowner calls 911 to report a three hour standoff with his cat
Woman Who Claims She Owns The Sun Sues eBay
walking fish poses threat to land animals
Think Algorithms Equal Accuracy? Go Google "What really happened to the dinosaurs?"
Truck carrying thirty tonnes of bacon smashes into train.
Leicester City players apologise for 'racist orgy video' from Thailand football tour
College student changes name to Adam West to avoid paying airline ticketing fees
Man attempts to sell live shark outside Fort Lauderdale Publix
Two suicide bombers got into a fist fight setting off their bombs
You Can Be Prosecuted for Clearing Your Browser History
Police called over exam cheats
Two suicide bombers explode while fighting in Sargodha
Saudi Arabia Hosting UN Human Rights Conference on Religious Freedom
German Asparagus Pickers Mistaken for Armed Gang
Meet Abu Azrael - The Iraqi Rambo Who Is Putting The Fear Of God Into ISIS
Three-year-old girl dies after bouncy castle blows away in China
BBW Jilling Off 2 - xHamster.com
Man's marriage proposal using a McDonald's chicken sandwich isn't well-received
Nigeria Vs Hungary FIFA U-20 World Cup Download Highlights
SEO Services New York
Pigeon Breaks Into House, Lays Egg In Frying Pan, Poos Everywhere And Leaves
Man who sells lottery tickets won sixteen times in two years
Von Miller: Broncos enforce 'no farting' policy
Police warn of potent form of Marijuana called "DABS"
Malaysian minister blames naked foreign tourists for earthquake
Florida man filmed twerking on patrol car says he was trying to save children from being sacrificed
'Have a nice day!' Two murderers use power tools to cut pipes and escape max security prison in epic 'Shawshank' breakout - and leave a friendly note behind for the guards
Prison break: 2 killers escape maximum security prison using power tools
ISIS terrorists complaining about wait times to become suicide bombers
Two convicted murderers escape from New York max-security prison using power tools and tunneling; leave 'have a nice day' note
Police: Florida man stole car, left his wallet behind
U.S. considers deploying missiles in Europe after Russia allegedly violates Cold War-era nuclear treaty
Malaysian minister blames tourists who stripped naked at the top of mount kinabalu last month for earthquake that killed atleast 13 people.
She initiated sex with me when I couldn't consent, expelled student claims
DNA Analysis Proves It: Chili's Waiter Spit in Drink.
Mafioso Freed After Claiming He's Allergic To Jail
A Woman Killed A Guy Because His Dick Was Literally Too Big
Award Winning Chinese Food (With Recipes)
Governor Rick Perry chooses "Answer to No One" as campaign song in bid to win election in a democracy.
Mafioso gets out of a 14-Year sentence because he claimed to be allergic to jail.
My Teenage Daughter Has Become A Cat
Sabah deputy chief minister says quake brought on by tourists who stripped naked at Mount Kinabalu
Homeowner calls 911 to report 3-hour stand-off with his cat
Graduation Speaker Tells Gay Students That They're Going To Hell
Escaped Prisoners Left Behind a Politely Racist Note for Police
Angela Merkel's Instagram bombarded with abuse from Russian troll army
Angela Merkels instagram bombarded with abuse from Russian troll army
Tune in, toke up, smile big: Introducing The First Church of Cannabis
Woman Sues Ebay Over Ownership of the Sun
Man calls police because his cat won't let him inside house
Canadian siblings barred from leaving Malaysia following earthquake
Flybe flight grounded by bee on Southampton to Dublin journey
Actor Patrick Stewart Sides With Christian Bakers Who Refused to Make Gay Marriage Cake
ZANU-PF official accuses the West of enforcing sanctions on rainfall. (x-post from /r/Africa)
Iowa woman accused of attacking family with motorized mop
전자여권위조 ■■ ０１０２２６５５６７０■■한국 여권위조
Tourists prohibited from leaving Malaysia after stripping naked at the peak of Mt. Kinabalu, which is said to have shown "disrespect to the mountain", leading to an earthquake that killed 13
Santorum: I'm More Qualified Than Pope Francis To Talk About Climate Change Because I'm A Politician
Santorum says Pope Francis should butt out of climate debate
Kayaktivists form luminary flotilla in protest of Shell's Arctic drilling rig
Jennifer Lopez sued for 'tarnishing women's honor' after sexy Morocco gig sparks outrage
Lincoln brings back the iconic Continental
Naked Canadians blamed for Malaysian quake
Canadians among those blamed for causing Malaysia quake.
Man Calls Police To Boast About 'Big Muscles'
DUI Suspect drinks and drives again on his way to be fingerprinted.
The top result to the Google query "What really happened to the dinosaurs?" says that "Dinosaurs are used more than almost anything else to indoctrinate children and adults in the idea of millions of years of earth history."
GOP Suitors Woo Iowa With Bikes, Barbeque And Barnstorming
Just 2 People Turn Up as Self-Funded FIFA Movie Makes Hollywood Debut
Miss Piggy Receives A Feminist Award and Talks About Feminism
Man surprises wife and spends $60,000 For her dream kitchen; she hates it.
A social media site for self promotion is at brag.com
'Waldo' at Brat Fest was man facing child sexual assault charges
Man surprises with with her dream kitchen; spends $60,000 and she absolutely hates it
Man surprises wife with her dream kitchen; spends $60,000 and she absolutely hates it
Government looking at plan to revive seal penis sales
Woman sues Ebay, claims to own the sun.
Malaysian official blames deadly quake on naked tourists
NFL player Von Miller admits getting fined for flatulence
Swarm of angry bees descends on victims after Los Angeles truck crash
Good news for high frequency masturbators
Kids in Louisiana are reading from the Book of Genesis in science classes
Woman hotwires man's motor home, takes it to Beaver, makes it her home
Man arrested for wearing Star Wars Stormtrooper costume outside school
Amazon stops sales of ISIS propaganda magazine
BBC accidentally features Twitter hoaxer who calls Star Wars 'racist and homophobic'
Texas officer suspended after pool party video shows him pulling gun on teens
Neighbors Called Police Because Too Many Black People Were Invited To A Pool Party
Unbeeeeeelievable! UK plane grounded due to bee. Company name - FlyBe
We bailed you out, and now you want what!?!
Bee forces Dublin bound aircraft to turn back
DUI Lawyer Charged With Drunk Boating, Teen Loses Arm In Propeller Accident On His Boat The 'Naut Guilty'
ALAMEDA TEACHER ALLEGEDLY ASKED STUDENTS TO TAKE SELFIES WITH SEX TOYS
Sabah quake: Mt Kinabalu nudists barred from leaving
For me, niqab is a feminist statement.
Cops Investigate Mystery Deer, Hit-and-Run, NFL Player's Abandoned Car
Lovely, The Wearable Sex Tracker, Is A Fitbit For Your Penis
Student Sentenced to 45 Years in Prison for Strangling Her Lover Who Wore Sweats to Date Night
How a fake killer whale didn't become the saviour of a small town - Macleans.ca
The Latest: Expert Says Prison Escapes Rare, Take Planning
There's a mysterious Entourage poster haunting this Indian restaurant for eternity
Two Canadians among those blamed for Malaysian earthquake
Hammond And May To Reject £4m BBC Deal In Favour Of Joining Clarkson At Netflix
Toronto to Host a Massive Orgy for Disabled People this Summer
Canadians barred from leaving Malaysia after nude photos cause deadly earthquake
Canadians among foreigners blamed for Malaysian earthquake
ISIS bans pigeons because looking at the birds' genitals as they fly away is against the Muslim religion.
Does Free Ping Pong in Seattle Parks Stop Crime?
Las Vegas Strip Club Recruits Recent High School Graduates
Texas cop suspended after girl's videotaped pool party bust (girl 14, violent assault by police)
Judge orders mental exam for former child actor, TV voice of Charlie Brown
A Malaysian tribal priest, has demanded for 10 buffalos from naked western tourists who offended Mount Kinabalu, triggering the recent earthquake.
Introducing Lovely - the smart sex toy that has been dubbed 'the Fitbit for your penis'
Dumbledore and Gandalf Marry, and Vanquish the Westboro Baptist Church
Ohio mayor quits a week after taking office because of inappropriate good-bye hug
How Manspreading Arrests Highlight What's 'F**ked Up' About Broken Windows Policing
Las Vegas strip club invites recent grads to apply
Oakland Police Shoot And Kill Armed Suspect Found Passed Out In Car Near Lake Merritt
Drunken man in underwear wanders into Indiana home and eats chips
An Ostrich During Lunch.... At rana resort
New Mom Asked To Use Janitor's Closet To Pump Breast Milk At LAX
Stripped: Greenville Club Can Reopen, But No Nudity Allowed
Is your toothbrush really covered in poop? Study says yes
Man accused of strangling his second wife and throwing her off cruise ship tried to hire inmates to kill his third: prosecutors
Two prisoners escape prison in upstate NY leave racist Have a Nice Day note.
Jeremy Clarkson reveals he's off the booze and saving $1000 a week
American Universities Are Addicted to Chinese Students
Man sues famous Chinese actress for staring at him via TV screen
'A wheelchair can become just a big sex toy': Toronto to host massive orgy for disabled people
Texas policeman suspended after pulling gun on teen at pool party
Uwe Boll to Horror Fans: "F*ck Yourself" and Your "Mothers"
Bee forces FlyBe aircraft to make emergency landing
Dutch tourist stuck in Darwin's 'Cage of Death' for half an hour above saltwater crocodile
Weird fish that can walk on land has Australia VERY nervous
Delhi govt temporarily puts on hold two-finger test on rape victims, to review advisory
Permanent 'Entourage' Poster Haunts Indian Restaurant
Man Desperately Looks For Love, Pays $713,975 To Fortuneteller
Tom Wheeler tries to rewrite Internet history
I'm a liberal professor, and my liberal students terrify me
A Chinese doctor has done 1000 successful mice head transplants and now says monkeys are next as he hopes his research will eventually make the procedure a viable option for human patients.
Jail Doctors Made Man Impotent by Failing to Treat 6-Day Erection: Lawsuit
Australian Burglars Leave Behind Hundreds of Freshly Baked Bread Rolls
People Are Predicting An 'Asteroid Will Wipe Out Mankind This September'
Suicide bombers detonate themselves after heated argument turns into fight
Facial recognition for birds is here
Bull free after falling into metro Atlanta well, taking nap
Krispy Kreme apologizes for KKK Wednesdays
Czech TV Makes Game of Nazi Era
Syria: Isis Executes 3 Pigeons on 'Spying' Charges
'Countdown Baby:' Golconda celebrates Dollar General grand opening
'Aloha' director apologizes for casting Emma Stone as Asian-American
Report calls for revival of controversial seal penis trade to ensure '100 per cent utilization of the animal'
Report calls for revival of controversial seal penis trade
'Erection man' prematurely ejected from naked bike ride
2 Canadians barred from leaving Malaysia, after tourists blamed for earthquake
Norwegian government authority fears Ipad charger is dangerous to use
Entire police dept. disbanded after councilwoman and her son were arrested
TSA Missed 73 Workers on Terror Watchlist
Foreigners Blamed for Earthquake
Two people turn up to watch new FIFA movie
Paul Gascoigne (Gazza) feared news reports on Gaza Strip were about him
Canadian tourists could face charges after nude photo on sacred Malaysian peak
Prisoner loses it in court; tells Judge, 'I am The Bomb'.
Nova Star coupon limits passengers' Nova Scotia visit to 90 minutes
Man Without Penis Avoided Telling His Girlfriend For A Whole Year
A long-standing congressional earmark tucked away in the defense appropriations law requires the local utility in Germany to burn Pennsylvania coal. Cost to the taxpayers? About $20 million a year.
Glenn Beck Announces he will be a "Community Organizer," like Barack Obama
18 yearsold housewife stripping
United Passions,' which cost FIFA $29 million, has $607 box-office take
Water cannon producer's stock dips after Turkey's ruling AKP loses majority
Playboy model believes Hugh Hefner is 'too old for sex'
The kale offical! | The Kale is the first experimental post-parody site of its kind.
Glenn Beck Announces he will be "Community Organizer," like Barack Obama
China monitors university entrance exams with drones
G7 leaders agree to phase out fossil fuel use by end of century
Chile 'magic cheese scam' woman goes on trial in France
HILLARY CLINTON ALLOWS MEN INTO 'WOMEN ONLY' EVENT DUE TO SMALL TURNOUT
Port Authority to remove "NIGGAZ" signage from buses
Jury convicts fake Conch Republic diplomat
Cyclists arrested after attacking off-duty Minneapolis cops with water guns, balloons on PedalPub (VIDEO)
Florida Man Calls 911 To Hit On Dispatcher, Brag About Muscles
Man suffers minor injuries after commenting on woman's weight
Man sues actress for staring at him through his TV 'with her big eyes'
New Report Proves Jesus Never Existed - Christian Fundamentalist Heads Explode
Warriors Fan Outshoots Team Sunday Night At Oracle, Wins New BMW
Strip club must bear some, not all, taxes
Man's tweets about being 'trapped' in drive-thru go viral
Simi Valley barbecues as police order him to surrender
Russian Dies After Eating Tablet Computer to Avoid Police Detention
Apple announces OS X El Capitan
TSA failed to ID dozens of potential terrorism-linked employees
Teen somehow survives epic cruise ship fall
Massachusetts State Police react to 'winning' government secrecy award: 'We have no comment'
IRONY: Abusive Pig Gets Award for Being Feminist Idol
FIFA's $29 million feature film has $607 box-office take
China is doing a "tremendous" job protecting human rights, says China
Gazza Reveals His Gaza Strip Paranoia
NEWS JUN 8 2015, 11:42 AM ET Malaysian Tribes Blame Quake on Tourists' Nude Photos on Mount Kinabalu
Naked Canadian tourists blamed for Mt. Kinabalu Quake in Mayalasia.
Malaysia says naked tourists are responsible for earthquake, bars them from leaving
Usain Bolt Ate 100 Chicken McNuggets a Day in Beijing and Somehow Won Three Gold Medals
This Pizza Hut box turns into a movie projector
Man repels charging bear with technique learned from birds
Saudi Arabia hosts UN-backed human rights summit 'on combating religious discrimination'
US police officer to face murder trial over shooting
Kalief Browder - Teen Imprisoned at Rikers Island for Three Years Without Trial - Dies by Suicide
Pizza Hut Just Created A Pizza Box That Doubles As A Video Projector
Man suffers minors injuries after commenting on woman's weight
Pizza Hut has a new box that turns into a movie projector for your smartphone
Canada commits to ending fossil-fuel use by 2100
Apple made a video claiming its App Store is more important than the Industrial Revolution
Jailed lesbian Virginia Tech student killed her lover after flying into a rage because she wore sweats to their 'whipped cream and wine' date
Drone deployed to catch cheating Chinese students
McHenry County Health Department closes Lemonade Brigade stand temporarily
Is the Pope a communist?
Police hunt rabbit onesie woman wearing Minions backpack after burglaries
Terror trial collapses after fears of deep embarrassment to security services--Swedish national Bherlin Gildo's lawyers argued British intelligence agencies were supporting the same Syrian opposition groups as he was
Government looking at plan to revive seal penis trade
KKK Ask African Americans to Help Them Get Rid of Illegal Immigrants
Barely-There Bikinis That Say 'A Stranger Ripped Out Hairs From My Vag'
Cleveland man arrested after ramming motorcycle, evading owner's gunfire near Taco Bell
ISIS executes 3 pigeons on spying charges
FIFA's Propaganda Movie Made Only $607 on Opening Weekend
Man pleads guilty in Stepfather's wedgie death.
a tad out dated you think?
NYPD Just Opened Police Department Branch In Israel
Apple's CEO Tim Cook offers to pay ransom for Brandon Moss' home run ball
Apple CEO Caves to Cleveland Indians' Ransom Demands - Except the Lube
George R.R. Martin's Next Project: The 'Game of Thrones' Adult Coloring Book
Toilets in elevators? The new Japanese idea that isn't as crazy as it sounds
Donald Rumsfeld: George W. Bush was wrong about Iraq
Transgender? That's so yesterday. Now, meet the 'transabled.'
Man Has 420 Kidney Stones Removed After Eating Way Too Much Tofu
Now You Can Lose You Weight Easily
Asian parents: Your kids are not robots
Campus Foot-Kisser Sought by Police
Republican senator criticizes Obamacare on the grounds that Obamacare subsidies are awesome
Yong-Duk Kim thought she had superpowers - but it was leprosy
New Pizza Hut pizza box turns into a movie projector
Clown Invades, Robs House
Abortion rights leader's pregnancy surprises opponents: 'Is that real?'
Drone is latest weapon against cheating on China's school exams
LAW WOULD CREATE CALIFORNIA OFFICE OF MARIJUANA REGULATION (REALLY)
Male 'boobs' a growing problem
73 TSA Workers Across The Country Currently On Terrorist Watch List (USA)
Ortiz, Gronk record album for Dunkin' Donuts
Obama: Soccer Fans Want FIFA to Operate With Integrity
2,200 pigs on the loose after semi crash near Dayton, Ohio
Distraught owner: Dog walker 'sold my dog for drugs' [xpost r/nyc]
Cal Poly Pomona police looking for man who licked female student's toes
Islamic State Militant Tweets Selfie Giving Away Location, Air Force Blows Up Entire Headquarters
50 U.S. hospitals mark up prices 1000 percent for some patients, study finds
Chinese Man Accused of Hate Crime, Closes Shop after Naming Restaurant "Chop Chop Chinaman"
Hello Kitty and Minnie Mouse arrested after Times Square brawl over tourist tip money
Thief defecates in Philippine Senator's house
DHS's $430M radio upgrade after 9/11 virtually useless: report
Democrats push ban on plastic guns
A 125-Person Orgy For The Disabled Is Being Held In Toronto This Summer
School may ban homework to combat depression.
Highway shut down after semi full of 2,000 piglets crashes
Snoop Dogg Sues Pabst Brewing for Cut of Colt 45 Brand Value
Woman sells sun, sues eBay
Apple removes '50 gallon drum of lube' from WWDC keynote image
Lawyer In 'Gay Cure' Trial Says Satan Is Behind Gay Rights Movement
Urinating tourist blamed for deadly Malaysia earthquake
Drunk teen who broke into a stranger's house and ate chips half-naked is living his best life
Outsider's Art Is Saluted at Columbia, Then Lost Anew
2,200 Baby Pigs Escape on Ohio Highway After Truck Crashes
Lifting Indian restaurant 'Entourage' poster curse could cost up to $2,500
Was Paul Walker Killed By The Illuminati? This New Theory Suggests That He Was
Girlfriend Tells Man Not To Buy Any More Lottery Tickets, He Doesn't Listen, Wins $1 Million [x-post from /r/news]
Scientists show future events decide what happens in the past
Newspaper celebrates MLB's first amphibious pitcher
2,200 piglets on the loose after truck overturns
George W. Bush Reportedly Charged $100K to Speak at Homeless Shelter Fundraiser
Obama Ignored Iraqi PM On Park Bench At G-7 Summit
Snake blamed for knocking out power to 2,500
Family memebrs no longer facing charges for cheering at a graduation
Woman who claims to own the sun is trying to sell bits of it on eBay
Brits will swab surfers' butts to understand antibiotic-resistant bacteria
Surfers wanted for 'superbug' study: Scientists are launching an investigation into antibiotic-resistant bacteria, known as "superbugs", by gathering data from surfers' rectums.
31-year-old Edward Snowden makes Russia's "30 under 30" hot list
Paul Gascoigne: I was glad when told I was alcoholic
Man beaten up at Little Caesars after calling woman overweight
Doctors remove 420 kidney stones from patient
[Australian Treasurer] Joe Hockey tells aspiring first home buyers: 'Get a job that pays good money'
French President Sarkozy: "Mankind has not yet understood that the fate of the Jews is always the forerunner of what will happen to others. Fighting for the security of Jews and Israel is fighting for all those who make a difference in the world" as he criticized boycotts of "start-up nation" Israel
Squirrel causes power outage for 45,000 in East Bay
Man 'steals bulldozer and flattens a house with it'
Amazon sells reasonably-priced towel set for $800 billion
The World Could End In September 2015
I broke my arm after being startled by ambulance siren
Russian Hunting Trip Turns Deadly When Man Mistakes Son for Deer
Russia's Terminator-Style Killer Robot to Learn to Run
Beach Bums Help Fight Sewage Bugs
Malaysia accuses Western tourists who stripped on sacred mountain of causing deadly earthquake
Chinese armpit hair competition triggers online debate
Fifa's Jack Warner 'diverted $750,000 from Haiti victims fund for his personal use'
Brazilian School Forces Jewish Students to Identify All Jews Among Them
Woman that registerted THE SUN in civil laws notaries office to be sued for cancers and skin burns. She was trying to sell plots of the sun on Ebay [Spanish]
Hamptons Police Submarine Unit Makes First Arrest
Sex Pistols to feature on a range of Virgin Money credit cards
Florida man apparently tries to sell live shark in front of grocery store.
Assassin who sparked WWI to get monument in Belgrade
Woman falls to death off bridge after surviving car crash.
Vanuatu villagers wait for eternal life from Prince Philip
NY police chief Bratton says hiring black officers is difficult: 'So many have spent time in jail'
Mother flushes newborn baby down public toilet after accidentally giving birth while squatting
Good Grief! 'Charlie Brown' Calls Judge An A**hole
Fathers Day Gift Guide | Under 30 Dollars (Mostly) Album
Mental Evaluation Ordered for "Charlie Brown" Actor After Courtroom Outburst
Semi tips over on Ohio highway, setting 2,200 piglets loose
'Intimidation by feces' is argument against single-wide at planning commission
2,200 Pigs on The Loose on Highway Near Dayton, OH. After Semi Crash - Breaking911
Melbourne University offering students Eurovision class
Actress Sued For 'Staring' At Man Through TV
Someone Sent The CIA A Letter Asking For Osama Bin Laden's Adult Material
Dog owner fury after bearded collie comes back from the groomer without its beard
Australia: Take a course in Eurovision at Melbourne University!
Apple finally acknowledges women exist
Radiohead's Thom Yorke composes the longest recorded song in history
Man sues Chinese actress over her intense stare in TV show
Rumsfeld: Democracy in Iraq was 'unrealistic'
Wallhack!? Widzisz przez smoke! | Top 5 One way smoke de_dust2
Republican Gal Sad That No One Thinks She's Cool
WHO: To Avoid MERS, Don't Drink Camel Urine
Tiger Woods acknowledges he needs to play more in order to improve
Man imprisoned for being naked in public, doesnt wear any clothes for his appeal - which was refused.
This Woman Really Didn't Want to Comment to Reporters and Made That Painfully Known With Her Cigarette
2,200 squealing piglets loose on Ohio highway after trailer overturns
Alameda Teacher Suspended After Alleged 'Sex Toy Selfie' Assignment
Director Uwe Boll Slams Hollywood Stars, Says 'F-k You' to Fans in Video Rant
Russia: Town builds world's largest horsemeat sausage helicopter
Vladimir Putin has no regrets, says God wanted his life to be perfect
Mers outbreak: Don't drink potentially fatal camel urine, WHO warns
Foreigner arrested as Malaysians blame nude mountain pictures for earthquake
Voldemort is polling better than many Republican presidential candidates
Police investigate after woman wakes up to find 107 gnomes in front garden
Victoria Bus Driver Recovering After Vomit, Urine Leak On Her From Upper Deck
Canada now has two tier citizenship and can revoke citizenship indiscriminately.
Fans Have a Beef With Beyoncé's Vegan Announcement
One voter shows up at Santorum event in Iowa
Man sues Chinese Man sues Chinese actress over her intense stare in TV show
Apple CEO Tim Cook to pay off ransom demands of Cleveland Indians' bullpen
Virginia Tech student sentenced for killing pal during date
Uganda's Health minister has said that Ugandans are so immoral such that they prefer sex more than lunch meals and that's why HIV infections are on the rise.
FIFA's gender testing rule for Women's World Cup proves controversial
Machine learning algorithms can 'bust a rhyme' better than humans by 21%
Gitmo veteran steering Europe youths away from jihad
Virginia Politician Says Gays Should Have Their Own Bathrooms. He Has a Point!
Man accused of punching child at Whole Foods
Judge Orders Inmate's Release After More Than 40 Years In Solitary Confinement
Judge orders Albert Woodfox's release after more than 40 years in solitary confinement
Man Ignores Girlfriend's Warnings About Lottery and Buys Winning Ticket
Naked beer festival to hit London
Santorum calls crowd of 4 in rural Iowa a success
Belgium defies France as it mints €2.50 coin to mark Battle of Waterloo
Man sues Chinese actress for staring too intensely at him through his TV set
Florida man twerks on a cop car after learning of an impending vampire attack
Fox News interviews the Amish about Caitlyn Jenner
Report: 11 sentenced to death over fatal Port Said soccer riots in Egypt
CANADIAN NUDIST ACCUSED OF CAUSING EARTHQUAKE RESPONDS TO MALAYSIA: 'F YOUR CULTURE'
German woman, 102, gets doctorate - 77 years after Nazis stopped her first attempt
Flaming Bird With Snake in Its Mouth Sparks Fire Near La Jolla
I Just Want One Flight Where the Cast of Lion King Doesn't F*cking Burst Into Song
Obama lawyers asked secret court to ignore decision on spying.
Pat Robertson: Comfort grieving mom by saying God stopped her dead baby from becoming next Hitler
Chinese actor sued for staring too intensely from TV at viewer
Nuns rescued after 3 days in a lift
Actress stares at man through T.V. Man sues.
Canadians who posed nude on Malaysian mountain are in custody
China deploys drones to stamp out cheating in college entrance exams
Punk rock brand: the Sex Pistols to feature on a range of credit cards
Executives arrested from scam dating sites that had 2.7 million users and only one female member
All-white jury to decide: Was white Fox anchor fired for using N-word a victim of racial discrimination?
Ice Cream Truck Turf War
It's Time for a Conversation: Breaking the communication barrier between dolphins and humans
Police arrest 10 women in undercover sting at strip club
Texas woman's death after cosmetic injections ruled homicide
Miami Dolphins Defensive Tackle A.J. Francis Earns Extra Money as Uber Driver
A.J. Francis, Dolphins defensive tackle, moonlights as an Uber driver
NBC Sports chairman wants NHL players to cut their beards
Taco Bell Accused of Promoting "Rape Culture" over Messages on Sauce Packets
Lawsuit: Dead Body Went Unnoticed in Metro Station for Four Days
Turkey recalls ambassador to Brazil over resolution recognizing Armenian genocide
iOS 9: iPhone will now track sexual activity
Bachelor Lindsey Graham promises a 'rotating first lady'
Congressman Hank Johnson fears Guam will tip over
Angry at Wells Fargo for being gay-friendly, Franklin Graham moves accounts to BB&T, which sponsored Miami Beach gay pride fundraiser
The Presidential Candidate List Gets Longer: 366 and Growing
Dallas butt-injection death ruled a homicide
Evangelist Church Leader Drops Wells Fargo Over LGBT-Friendly Ad, Switches To Bank Sponsoring Gay Pride Event
Never Mind the Interest Rates, Here's the New Sex Pistols Credit Card
Police Searching For Woman Accused Of Pepper Spraying Del Taco Employees, Customers Over Burrito Order
Virgin Money launches Sex Pistols credit card
San Francisco Officials Considering A Health Warning On Ads For Sodas, Sugary Drinks
Members of a French group that said it was formed to combat Islamophobia went on trial in Paris on Monday accused of plotting terrorist attacks
Pat Robertson's words of comfort to grieving mom: God allowed it, because your baby might have been the next Hitler
Lawmakers mull ban on plastic guns after TSA failure to detect real firearms
Robert Gibbs opts for a burger and fries with new McDonald's job.
Doctor Performs Head Transplants On Mice, Says Monkeys Are Next
Obama Spokesman Who Promised to Confront Corporate Interests Is Now McDonald's Spokesman
Strip club's pole dances are art, but lap dances are not, state tax judge rules
Benny Johnson got fired at Buzzfeed. You will believe what happened next.
TSA failed to identify 73 workers who are on the FBI terrorist watch list.
Body size, what's the deal?
France warns Belgium not to print €2 coin commemorating French defeat at Waterloo, so Belgium prints it on a €2.50 coin instead
Pat Robertson: Tell Grieving Mom 3 Year Old Baby Who Died Could Have Been The Next Hitler
Ga. Woman Jailed on Murder Charge After Taking Abortion Pill
Raffi urges Vancouver to "shun" Christy Clark-backed yoga event on Burrard Bridge
NBC Sports chairman wants players to stop growing playoff beards
Man accused of kidnapping girlfriend from wedding
NJ ranks No. 1 in people leaving state
Pat Robertson Tells Grieving Mother Her Dead Baby Could've Grown Up to Be Hitler
Montana Police Search Farmer's Car, Find No Drugs, and Seize His Money Anyway
NBC Sports chairman asked NHL to ban playoff beards
Chop Chop Chinaman lipstick vandal pleads guilty
Snake-carrying hawk sparks brush fire near I-5 in Sorrento Valley
GCSE chemistry exam gives an answer in another question
Ariel Adore Swallows In Pics
Borup man allegedly fights police dog, loses, tries to eat meth in front of officers after high-speed chase
Family in Mississippi under arrest for cheering at graduation
Boyfriend, 20, dresses up as his 17-year-old girlfriend so he can take her exams
Man sues Chinese actress for her intense stare through his TV
Belgium Commemorates Waterloo With Euro, and France Is Not Pleased
After boycott, Franklin Graham moves bank accounts from one LGBT-friendly bank to another one
Chinese actress sued for her intense stare
NYPD: We can't find black men to recruit 'because so many of them have spent time in jail'
Marco Rubio Tells Fox News He's Down With Wu-Tang Clan But Can't Name A Member
Director Uwe Boll Says "F**k You All" And Quits Hollywood
Jeb Bush In 1995: Unwed Mothers Should Be Publicly Shamed
Ice and fire and felt tip pens: Game of Thrones colouring book coming soon
FEMALE ARMPIT HAIR COMPETITION TAKES OFF IN CHINA
Naked rambler Stephen Gough appears nude via video link from prison
Germany's oldest student, 102, gets PhD denied by Nazis
Sex Pistols Name and Artwork To Be Featured On Virgin Money Credit Cards
Comcast tries to win back your love with customer service improvements
Baltimore Raven/Mathlete John Urschel Visits NSA to Talk Math
Jesus, Bozo the Clown among the write-in candidates in Montgomery County
Deputies: Burglary suspect said he was filming porn
Georgia Woman Charged With Murder For Taking Abortion Pill; Could Face the Death Penalty
brag.com is opening "self-promotion" social network
Scientists Want to Have a Look Inside the Butts of Surfers for "Superbugs"
Armageddon strikes: Massive cloud sparks Russian nuclear attack panic
Indian city pays people to pee in a toilet
Robber's pill heist goes terribly wrong, falls asleep at site of robbery
Isis supporters fight imaginary battle over Iraqi town that never existed after Twitter hoax
Did GoDaddy reject applicant because he's a fat Christian?
Police: Woman accused of leaving child in car goes to court while leaving kids in car
Confirmed bachelor and 2016 hopeful Lindsey Graham promises a 'rotating first lady'
The Brain Tumor That Killed the Vice President's Son Has Been Linked to Cell Phone Radiation.
Man accused of murder calls victim "hide and seek champion"
Haze over Indianapolis? Blame Canada
Fashion Modle Ladies Pu Shoulder Bags - Buy Ladies Pu Shoulder Bags,Ladies Pu Shoulder Bags,Ladies Pu Shoulder Bags Product on Alibaba.com
Man Sees Face of Jesus at IKEA But Can't Find Curtain Tie-Backs
Report of plane crash actually monster truck's bath time
Airlines Want to Put Your Carry-On Bags on a Diet
Michigan man disregards girlfriend's request, wins $1M lottery prize
Former Connecticut anti-fraud watchdog pleads guilty to fraud charge
Midway man accused of taking free tourism brochures faces felony charges
China deploying drones to take down entrance exam cheaters
Canadian who stripped on Mount Kinabalu calls minister an idiot, dismisses local culture
Indonesian Muslim province of Aceh imposes curfew on women to prevent crimes
China bans 'Attack on Titan,' other popular Japanese anime from Web
FitBit for your junk
It's Difficult To Hire Black Officers Since Too Many Black People Have Been Arrested, Says NYPD Commissioner
Unspoken '15-minute rule' may be enforced
Shareholders Ask Elon Musk to Make Tesla Cars Go Vegan
Woman Dies During Basement Butt Injection in Queens
Violent crime against women massively understated, statistics agency told
Nicolas Cage went broke by blowing $150 million on crazy and awesome things
The Genius Solution to One City's Pavement Problem: Make the Potholes Tweet
Fire damages 25 Burgers in Bound Brook for 2nd time in 2 weeks
Chimpanzees in west Africa observed indulging in habitual drinking
Retired Detective Gushes About Escaped Murderer's Huge Penis
Belgium Commemorates Waterloo With a Coin, and France Is Not Pleased
Nobel scientist Tim Hunt: female scientists cause trouble for men in labs
Trapped nuns survived on urine
Chinese actress Zhao Wei sued for 'staring' at man through his TV set
Officer poses as chef, rock lobsters wired, in illegal trafficking investigation
An Octopus' Surprising Behavior Left Scientist Laughing So Hard He Almost Drowned
Ban women from male labs because they are too distracting and cry when criticised, says Nobel prize winner Sir Tim Hunt
Babes in the city
French 'anti-Islamophobia' group on trial for plotting attacks: Members of a French group that said it was formed to combat Islamophobia went on trial in Paris on Monday accused of plotting terrorist attacks.
Man is fined £1,400 after he dresses up as his girlfriend to sit her exams
Wet wipes: the biggest villain of 2015
Well-dressed goat goes for a ride on Melbourne train
Nick Jensen threatens to divorce in protest of gay marriage in Canberra CityNews article
Computers contain filth, are bad for the soul, the pope says
Denied under Nazis, 102-year-old gets PhD
Three Girls Sell Lemonade To Save For A Waterpark Trip, Shut Down By Police
Kim's hair full of gel, not grays
Man attacks Greek orthodox church in Istanbul after seeing Jesus in a dream
Pinterest stress is a real thing for moms
1,500 Years Later, Killer Animal Elevator Returns to Colosseum
Grey: New Fifty Shades book 'stolen'
"Gay marriage may force us to divorce," says Canberra couple
Australian couple threaten to divorce in protest of gay marriage.
Man dons wig, dress and make-up to take exam for his girlfriend
Chinese actress sued by Shanghai man over her intense stare in TV show
Was Paul Walker killed by the Illuminati? New theory suggests he was.
Franklin Graham pulls money from gay-friendly bank, puts money in another gay-friendly bank
Effective Way to Find Qualified Appointments
Sean Hannity: McKinney cop had to defend himself from being 'shanked' by pool party teens
DEREK ACORAH TO SUE RHYL TOWN COUNCIL AFTER GETTING BEATEN UP BY YOBBO GHOSTS.
Sex Pistols Credit Cards Are Proof That Punk Is Dead
Australian couple threatens divorce if same-sex marriage is legalised
Wife, 36, walks out on her husband of eight months to marry his 74-year-old father who had been living with them both
Christian couple vow divorce if same-sex marriage is legalised
Pentagon Study Confirms: Napalm Does Stick To Kids
Woman,36, marries ex husband's 74-year -old father
Christian couple vow to divorce if same-sex marriage is legalised
Dannemora prison break: Female employee may have helped inmate escape because he is 'very well-endowed'
Aussie Couple Threaten Divorce If Same-Sex Marriage Passes
Shaggy Finally Admits It Was Him
Florida man uses bearded dragon to assault pet shop workers
Tim Hunt, Nobel Prize winner, apologizes for comments about women in labs
Arizona bar apologizes to transgender woman for alleged discrimination, claims bartender mistook her for hooker
Sex Pistols Artwork To Be Featured On Virgin Money Credit Cards
Marshawn Lynch appears as character in new 'Call of Duty' game
Italy's eels have a cocaine problem
Photo Galleries Malaysia detains 2 Canadians among 4 Westerners for alleged naked pose on mountain
Christian heterosexual couple threatens to divorce if same-sex marriage is legalized in Australia (x-post r/atheism)
Fox Sports Confuses Moncton With Vancouver During Women's World Cup
Pornhub is going to make a porn film in space
100-Year-Old Woman Credits 'Booze' for Long Life
Newsweek's Evan Thomas: Obama Is 'Sort of God'
Police: Masturbating Man Seen Strolling Down Wilson Blvd
Toothed Eels Fall From Sky Over Alaskan City
71 year old Nobel laureate enlightens Korean audience on the trouble with girls in STEM
FLORIDA MAN ACCUSED OF ASSAULTING ROOMMATE WITH SLICE OF PIZZA
Man holds 5 people at pharmacy hostage, demands pills, he then takes the pills, falls asleep and police arrest him
The most hilarious gay marriage outrage: Christian couple vows to divorce if gay marriage is legalized.
Douglas County courthouse employees asked to stop feeding squirrels
Man dresses up as police officer in botched attempt to free friend from jail
A crummy dinosaur fossil turns out to hold 75 million-year-old blood and proteins
'The Land of the Free' Now Forces 4-Year-Old Boys to Have Circumcisions Against their Will Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/the-land-free-forces-4-year-old-boys-circumcisions/#eBbFtmE6cbC2p4Tm.99
The Royal Stampede video shows man after friends make him think he's KILLED someone
'Seriously?' girl, 4, asks as she rolls up to scene of shooting
Top Eurocop: People are OK with us snooping on their phone calls. Perhaps he overheard them saying this while talking to loved ones?
South Dakota cousins sentenced for incest after having third child
911 Caller Thinks Stuffed Animal On SUV Is Real Tiger
Man dismissed from jury duty for wearing prisoner costume
Florida law passed under Jeb Bush required some single mothers to advertise their sexual history
Tim Hunt apologises for comments on his 'trouble' with female scientists
Vladimir Putin says he has never made a mistake because God wanted him to be perfect
Two nuns freed after becoming trapped in Rome convent lift for three days
Sacred mountain, nudists and earthquakes
Warren woman dies after being accidentally run over by own SUV
Police: Rolex watches of Atlanta Falcons owner not stolen
NYPD Chief: Recruiting Black Cops Is Hard Due to Criminal Histories
5,000 Bicycles Expected at Mumford and Sons Montrose Beach Show
Jackson man accused of using picture of Jesus in assault
Adult film star Jenna Jameson starts cooking kosher for her Israeli fiancé
Four westerners blamed for causing an earthquake by stripping naked and upsetting a mountain to remain in Malaysian jail.
This Guy Would Do Anything For Love, Including Dressing Up Like His GF To Take Her Exam
McDonald's Has Hired Obama's Former Press Secretary to Help Combat Dismal Sales
Zero Hedge: NYPD Can't Hire African Americans Because "So Many Of Them Have Spent Time In Jail," Commissioner Says
South Carolina Presidential candidate Lindsey Graham says his sister would be his First Lady
Mom accused of leaving kid in hot car goes to court, leaves kids in car
Stop Drinking Camel Urine, World Health Organization Says
Tourists Detained in Malaysia After Nude Photos Were Said To Cause Quake
Joyce Carol Oates Condemns Steven Spielberg for Dinosaur Kill
Blamed for earthquake: Nude Canadian climbers detained in Malaysia
Joyce Carol Oates' epic Twitter fail: She thinks Jurassic Park photo is real, aches for poached dinosaurs
Two suicide bombers killed in Pakistan after fighting with each other
Taco Bell execs bone up on slang with 'Millennial Word of the Week'
Are We All Mistuning Our Instruments, and Can We Blame the Nazis?
Christian Couple Threatens To Get Divorced If Gay Marriage Is Made Legal
Man dies after trying to eat tablet
Tim Hunt shows why old men should be banned from science
Man breaks leg while deputies said he tried to commit sex act with horse.
Obama Puts Solar Panels on Brewery to Fight Climate Change
Washington County man dies after lighting woodstove with gasoline
First sex in space: Pornhub is going to make a porn film in space
John Thune: Obama To Blame If Supreme Court Axes Healthcare For Six Million
Murder charge for suspect in butt injection death
Feminist Website Bans Use of "Trigger Warnings" Citing "Trigger" as "Triggering"
Lego apologizes for toy branded as 'back-of-the-bus window-licker
Parents buying bigger houses 'to accommodate stay-at-home offspring'
Feminist website bans use of term "trigger warning," citing "trigger" as "triggering"
Uber offering helicopter rides to and from Bonnaroo
Dellavedova Breaks Arms, Legs, Neck; Will Play Game 4
Warner Bros slaps Friends pirates with $20 fines
Joyce Carol Oates responds to 'dead' Jurassic Park dinosaur
Del Taco manager pepper-sprayed in burrito dispute
Pornhub Crowdfunds First Porn Shot In Space
One-legged German kickboxer wins world title
The Unkillable Demon King
Pornhub plans to film first sex tape in space in 2016
Hawkins mayor says 'Jesus' sign has nothing to do with religion
Swiss engineering: Carpenters open five beers at once
Blamed for Kota Kinabalu quake, naked tourists arrested by Malaysian police
A 'bro' asked the CIA about Osama bin Laden's porn stash. The agency answered.
"Frackfeed," new site From North Texas Gas Industry, uses memes to prove fracking is good (x-post from /r/dallas)
Putin: God gave me perfect judgment
Lego 'window licker' toy criticised for 'insulting the learning disabled'
TSA Fails to ID 73 Airport Employees With Links to Terrorism
Joyce Carol Oates Might Think Steven Spielberg Actually Killed Dinosaurs During Jurassic Park
Iran Allows 500 Women to Attend Men's Volleyball World League Games for the First Time
If Black lives matter, then why are black people threatening this guy's life??
Chinese Man Sues Popular Actress Zhao Wei For Staring Too Intensely Through TV Set
Flaming Hawk With Snake in Its Talons Sparks Fire Near La Jolla
WARNING: Wearable technology may help hackers know exactly where you are and what you're doing.
E. Texas police shut down girls' lemonade stand, demand permit.
Pornhub video of Eva Lovia and Johnny Sins to be shot in space (NSFWish)
Virginia mom accused of leaving kid in hot car goes to court, leaves kids in hot car
Pizza Hut's newest creation is a pizza with a 28-hot dog crust
Woodstock officials renewing objection to new electric meters
Are you drinking pure vegetarian water?
'They have no class': Montreal mayor urges legislation on police force's rebellious pants
"Your father called. He approves of these deals." eBay's Father's Day marketing campaign receives backlash on Twitter
Man's poo delays Wellington tunnel opening
Russian Schoolgirls Electrocuted While Taking Selfie on Train Roof
Texas police shut down girls' lemonade stand, demand permit
He's the purr-fect employee: Company in Bucharest hires a CAT as communications director.... And it earns more than a typical Romanian
Pizza Hut confirms hot dog-stuffed crust pizza is coming to America
NEW MEXICO MAN BAKED POTATO AND RAKED LEAVES DURING BREAK-IN, POLICE SAY
HTC introduces 24-karat gold One M9 using a photo taken with an iPhone
Eating brains helped Papua New Guinea tribe resist disease, research shows
Man sues famous Chinese actress because she stares too intensely
US Embassy in Jakarta moves Fourth of July celebration to June to accommodate Muslims
Mass. gambling panel chief faces ethics inquiry
Mount Kinabalu Tourists Arrested For Offending Mountain Spirit With Nudity, Urination
Reddit is removing harassing subreddits.
Man beaten up at pizza joint for calling customer's mom fat
'When you criticize them, they cry': Nobel-prize scientist says female researchers should be segregated
Texas cops shut down young sisters' lemonade stand, citing health code
Meet the Muggle Behind the Palin-Voldemort Campaign
Church sees "satanist rituals" at Nikola Tesla Museum
Hereford Cathedral School prankster sought over finial
Beck's brewery boss fired over drink driving
Mayor Walsh 'rickrolls' resident during Twitter chat
Air China staff suspected of smoking in cockpit on airborne flight
Truck carrying 5 live sharks overturns in Florida
Moroccan Prime Minister Who Hates Elton John Now Seeks to Ban J.Lo
Couple Forced to Divorce Because Gays Are Ruining Their Marriage
Gay law change may force us to divorce
Kahlua files lawsuit against Kosher Orthadox Jewish brand "Kahfua"
Pizza and wings is the past. Dogs and pizza is the future
Jenna Jameson is Marrying an Israeli & Converting to Judaism
Russian Woman Sentenced for Criticizing Muslims Who Celebrate New Year's
New research shows link between birth month and the likelihood of developing certain diseases
Police Shut Down Girls' Lemonade Stand for lack of permit
US Bombs Terror HQ After ISIS Moron Takes Selfie There
Man walks into Walmart, changes clothes, steals a bottle of rum and shoves it down his pants, makes getaway on an electric scooter.
PornHub is crowdfunding $3.4M to explore the final frontier (x-post /r/technology)
Australian couple will divorce over gay marriage
4-Year-Old Behind Wheel of Daycare Van Strikes 2-Year-Old, Police Say
Ohio sheriff: Hit man killed wrong victim with target's name
Boyfriend fined for dressing up as his girlfriend to sit her exams because she was too nervous
What happens if you have sex in space? Pornhub wants to find out by filming the first ever adult movie in orbit next year
Pizza Hut Debuts Hot-Dog Pizza in Push to Boost Sales.
Pornhub launches crowdfund to film movie in space
Man who joined ISIS trained by State Department.....in the US
Putting his love to the test: Boyfriend, 20, caught dressing up as his 17-year-old girlfriend so he can take
Lindsey Graham Says He'll Have A 'Rotating First Lady' If Elected President
Male Student Fined After Dressing Up As His Girlfriend And Taking Exam In Her Place
20 hospitalised with 5 seriously injured after ute crashes into cafe "Serves you Right", causes gas explosion in Ravenshoe, south of Cairns
'Christian' couple say they will divorce if Australia legalizes same-sex marriage
Monkeys' cosy alliance with wolves looks like domestication
Chinese Activist Starts Contest for Women to Post Pictures of their Armpit Hair.
Pornhub Is Raising $3.4 Million to Bring You Sex Like You've Never Seen It Before
Chinese feminists show off armpit hair in photo contest.
Truck full of sharks crashes on I-95 in Florida
Các rũi ro khi sử dụng cỏ nhân tạo
Airline Refuses To Set Up Ramp, Forces Wheelchair User To Crawl Onto Plane
Eleanor Hawkins: British woman facing 3 months in prison for 'stripping naked on sacred mountain causing deadly earthquake'
Linkin Park, once angry rockers, are now rich venture capitalists
Linkin Park: Rock band by night, venture capitalists by day
"FrackFeed," new site from North Texas Gas Industry, uses memes to prove fracking is good
A Woman Filed as a 2016 Presidential Candidate Just to Propose to Lil Wayne
Man receives sex act while blacked out, gets accused of sexual assault
Shark died after tire blowout on I-95 in Volusia County
Authorities Rush To Reported Plane Crash, Find Just A Dude Washing His Monster Truck
In light of recent events, I find this quote humorous. " "We stand for free speech. This means we are not going to ban distasteful subreddits."
This month in India, a brand of noodles was banned because they contain huge amounts of LEAD (as in Lead Poisoning). The brand name is Maggi. They are owned by ... Nestlé(x-post /r/conspiracy)
HOA threatens to sue homeowner over wheelchair ramp
There is a proposal for a new neighborhood for homeless veterans. There is a liquor store 20 feet away.
Man washing massive monster truck mistaken for plane crash
CIA says Bin Laden's porn stash, if it exists, is classified
CIA Denies FOIA Request for 'Classified' Osama bin Laden Porn Stash
Sarah Palin compares Party support for Obamacare to Republican Party Platform from 150 years ago
Mom accused of leaving child in hot car accused of leaving kids in car while going to court
Women accused of leaving kids in car goes to court, leaves kids in car
Bernie Sanders Was Just Another Hippie Rummaging Through My Mom's Fridge
Shark ejected, killed after semi-truck blows tire in Florida, troopers say
Traffic crash on highway leaves shark dead
Man watching adult videos on his phone falls off scooter, breaks penis
San Diego cops bust major Lego theft ring
Since atheists aren't known for bombing or highjacking airplanes, should they wait in exhausting TSA airport security check lines?
Scientists study surfers' butts to understand 'superbug' bacteria
Denver Police Warn Pickup Owners To Watch Their 'Tails'
Revenge of the nerds? 'Magic: The Gathering' thief caught in elaborate trap.
Ogemaw County (MI) residents worry that proposed youth summer camp will be used as an ISIS training base
Officer inside patrol car fatally shoots unarmed man.
British woman arrested for 'stripping naked and causing quake on Mount Kinabalu'
Malaysia earthquake: British woman arrested for 'stripping naked and causing quake on Mount Kinabalu'
Wild chimpanzees make tools for drinking alcohol
PD: Man shoots self in foot to see how it feels
Women trained to resist sexual assault far less likely to be raped
Man dies after trying to eat tablet, reports say.
Aussie PM Tony Abbott agrees windfarms may have 'potential health impacts'
Tourist arrested over nude photo, blamed for causing quake
Internationall Legal Experts Slam IDF - For Over-Warning Gazans
Truck Bringing Sharks To New York Aquarium Crashes In Florida; 1 Shark Dead
Back tattoo betrays accused Subway burglar
Toy gun laws: Sighting of boy with realistic fake prompts call to amend laws surrounding sale
Hot nude girl causes earthquake in Malaysia.
Shark dies in lorry crash
Police SHUT DOWN lemonade stand run by two little girls for operating without a permit
The Eggplant Emoji Is The Next Frontline Of Online Harassment
Scott Lively: 'Obama Orchestrated The Ukraine Coup' To Undermine Putin's Anti-Gay Efforts
Women 'not capable of understanding Goodfellas', says New York Post critic
Swedish politician: Let Somalis work as doctors, without a license
Lance Armstrong says he is treated like evil wizard Voldemort
Texas Kids Told 'It's Illegal' to Sell Lemonade Without a Permit
It's raining fish monsters in Alaska
'Naked' tourist arrested 'for causing quake' apologises
Japanese believes Anime characters based on Asians
Remote Vanuatu Villagers Seek Eternal Life From U.K.'s Prince Philip
Man breaks his penis after falling off of Chinese taxi motorbike while watching pornography on his phone as he sat behind the driver... and another passenger
Pornhub wants to shoot porn in space, starts a campaign to fund it
A man saved me from drowning, but now I am suing him for rape because he touched me.
WGU Texas Announces No Tuition Increase
Americans sign prankster's petition to nuke Russia
Magic Player Reclaims Stolen Deck with String Operation
James Harrison: The Australian blood donor who's saved the lives of two million babies
Man arrested for having sex with horses for third time, breaking leg in process
Motorcyclist catches fire after head-on crash near Beaverton
Why scientists want to bring back wooly mammoths
Islamic State fighters have been targeted by other radical Islamist groups in Libya who have now declared a jihad against the extremist group.
Russia: Boxing promoter tells 'ring girls' to cover up
Police kill amputee in wheelchair at group home for the mentally ill. Houston police shot to death a double amputee in a wheelchair who they said was trying to stab an officer with a pen.
A66 penis-cutting victim 'covered himself in blue paint' for auto-erotic activity before death
A second Kenyan man has offered 500 cows to marry US President Obama's daughter Malia.
Mom accused of leaving kid in hot car goes to court, leaves kids in hot car
Man wears prisoner costume to get out of jury duty
Pornhub wants to shoot pornography in space. Starts a funding Campaign
6 Tips Of Now Your Wife Has Lost Sex Interest In You
F-35 Delayed After Fourth Prototype Becomes Self-Aware And Has To Be Destroyed
Now doctors have to write prescription in capital letters
UW-Madison team develops award-winning device, app for women trying to get pregnant
Adblock plus cries fowl over Apple plan to Stop Ads
Drunk who used tunnel as toilet holds up morning commuters
Americans Sign Petition to Preemptively Nuke Russia
Rare Magic: The Gathering Tournament Card Sells For $US14,900
By Catherine Mejia Shark ejected, killed after semi-truck blows tire on I-95, troopers say
US rapper The Game arrested for 'punching a police officer'
'Michaelangelo of buttocks injections' faces life in jail after death of dancer after implant
Lance Armstrong: I'm Lord Voldemort
Walmart brawl in shampoo aisle upsets mayor
Cell tower on Deering High roof undergoes tests after fish die in classroom
In the line of booty -- How much the police department spends on lap dances is none of our business.
Drunk Passenger on Dubai-bound flight gets six months jail sentence to be followed by deportation
Big rig full of sharks crashes in Florida, killing one
A truck full of sharks crashed in Florida killing one shark
Adblock Plus cries foul over Apple plan to stop ads
Want to Get Really Mad About Ukraine? Watch Russian TV
Kenyan lawyer offers cows, sheeps and goats to marry Malia Obama
Al-Qaida 'cut off and ripped apart by Isis'
A Bar Kicked Out a Transgender Woman Because Staff Assumed She Was a Male Prostitute
Man says he stole police officer's truck to go to court, officials say
Republicans look to end 'war on women' with fight over birth control
Women are not capable of understanding 'Goodfellas'
Mom accused of leaving kids in hot car goes to court, leaves kids in car
Pizza Hut debuts hot-dog pizza
Sheriff: Florida man arrested after hit man kills wrong person
Texas Police Shut Down Little Girls' Lemonade Stand for Operating Without a Permit
3 wounded in Beirut from Hezbollah funeral gunfire
Business Cat Hired as Director of Communications at Internet Startup
Billionaire sends pet pig away for being too fat
Corpse Elected Mayor in Mexican Cartel Country
Lebanese Policeman Physically Assaults Woman For Stopping At A Red Light & Ends Up Innocent Anyway
Man receives oral sex while blacked out, gets accused of sexual assault two years later
Nobel Prize Winner Calls for Gender Segregation in Labs so Ladies Won't Fall in Love with Him, Is an Idiot
Miley Cyrus calls Noah's Ark a myth and Ken Ham asks why she doesn't have sex with animals
Minn. man had so many computers with child porn that it heated parents' home
Dead man wins election from beyond the grave.
Washington 911 Caller Was Convinced Stuffed Tiger Was Real
Co-Author Of Mike Huckabee Books Was Accused Of Child Molestation In Two Legal Cases
GOP Congressman: My kids 'will not be a drain on society' like disabled children
Gaziantep Evden Eve Taşımacılık | Gaziantep EVDİZ Evden Eve Taşımacılık 0532 4274022
Curious Coloradan Adam Hirtle Shoots Himself to See What It Feels Like
Teacher accidentally shoots pupil dead in Swat
Study: members of Congress 231% more likely to meet with you if you've paid them
Penis transplant patient's girlfriend is pregnant
Saskatchewan business paints lawns green to save water
Female cyclists bear brunt of bad driving and harassment, study finds
Tiny houses for homeless people sprout in Los Angeles
Jennifer Lopez so sexy it's illegal: Moroccan PM will investigate singer's controversial concert
California Assemblywoman: Drought Represents God's Wrath Over Abortion
One shark dead after Florida traffic accident
Jerry Brown: 'I Didn't Take a Shower This Morning'
Shark dies in crash on Florida interstate
Israeli-Arab drag queen finds refuge in Tel Aviv
Japanese Court Says Adultery OK If It's For Business Purposes
Let minivan driving moms decide on bike lanes
Driver, 87, crashes into license facility during exam
Reddit bans r/whalewatching thinking its a clone of r/fatpeoplehate. It was actually a real attempt at a whale watching community and has existed for +2 years.[X-post /r/KotakuInAction]
Anti-racism activist, who is not Chinese, takes a stand against Chinese discrimination by vandalizing a Chinese restaurant owned by a Chinese man
'Neglected' donkey left tied to fence was actually a garden ornament
Search for Escaped Murderer With Huge Dick Extends Into Vermont
Woman charged with leaving kids in hot car, locks kids in car outside court
Extramarital sex isn't adultery so long as you've paid for it, Japanese court rules
Lightsabers Key To 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens,' Stunt Double For Adam Driver Reveals
Sean Toon, who called police to complain about group of black teenagers trying to enter a party on Friday, is a convicted felon who spent time in jail for violent behaviour and torturing animals.
Texas Police Shut Down Lemonade Stand Over Lack of Permit
Woman wants husband to get 'sex change' because she now likes women
South Korean striker fails PED test, blames 'mustache growing cream'
Coin war: Belgium bullies France by making a 2,5 euro coin
N.J. anti-smoking law bans indoor scientific research on cigarettes
Women protest over men "too drunk to make them pregnant"
Sen. Mark Kirk Calls Lindsey Graham a "Bro with No Ho"
Tess Holliday apologises after saying: 'Black men love me'
450 Dead Babies Found in Athenian Well Shed Light on Ancient Greeks
best love spell to find lost lover +27785838454
Man robs bank by releasing 350 pounds of ants into building, claims to be Ant Man
Extramarital sex involving payment not adultery, says Tokyo court
Drake, Nas, Biggie, Rakim Lyrics to Appear On Sprite Cans
Meanwhile, Bill Clinton Has Still Only Sent Two Emails in His Entire Life
Researchers Apologize for Gaming Reddit with Fake Accounts
Local High School Just Bans Girls From Prom
Lego apologises for 'window licker' toy
Child hit in face by saluting soldier as she meets the Queen
Mother of 16-year-old found dead on interstate: "This is what happens when you don't listen"
the anti-racism activist, who is not Chinese, took a stand against Chinese discrimination by vandalizing a Chinese restaurant owned by a Chinese man.
Man receives oral sex while blacked out, gets accused of sexual assault
Man on Most Wanted List Found Hiding Under Sink
Bethlehem man conceals ice cream bars in his pants, police say
White House claims viral photo of Obama does not depict him holding cigarettes...What do you think?
Republican Sen. Mark Kirk on colleague Lindsey Graham: 'He's a bro with no ho'
Minnesota man had so much child porn that it heated parents' home
Driver crashes into license facility during exam
Chimpanzees found to drink alcoholic plant sap in wild
Lindsey Graham Is A 'Bro With No Ho,' According To Mark Kirk
Thai man rubs fire ant nest on his genitals, pain ensues
Tim Hunt, Nobel Prize Winner, Favors 'Single-Sex' Segregated Labs In Sexist Speech At Conference In South Korea
Drunken man posed as police officer to free friend in China
Brooklyn's Smallest Penis Pageant returns this Saturday bigger (and smaller) than ever
Secret Service agent investigated for socializing on the job
Dear Sirs, I Am the Son of US President George H.W. Bush and I Have a Business Proposition for You
11-Year-Old Boy Played in His Yard. CPS Took Him, Felony Charge for Parents.
First penile transplant recipient 'to become father'
Sen. Mark Kirk regrets calling Lindsey Graham a 'bro with no ho'
Authorities: Country singer Randy Howard killed in shootout with bounty hunter
Arizona pastor prays for God to rip out Caitlyn Jenner's heart
Mom leaves kids in hot car during court appearance for same crime, police say
Senator Graham: "Bro With No Ho"
Sen. Kirk calls Lindsey Graham a 'bro with no ho'
Women Posing With Shawarma Is Now a Thing in Russia
Muslims in the Arctic Circle urgently coming up with new rules for forthcoming Ramadan when they are banned from eating during the day... as the region will have 24-hour sunshine.
Schoolboy on work experience discovers planet
Pantsless man awed by Sara Lee truck
Illegal buttocks surgeon jailed in US after Briton dies
Jury duty excuse: Wearing prison costume
Mom leaves kids in car while in court for leaving kids in car
FDA approves tranquilizer dart guns that puts kids to sleep
Mom leaves kids in car while appearing in court for leaving kids in car
Watch a Bristol tortoise try out his new wheel for the first time after having his leg amputated
Cleaners throw away students' exams
Ann Coulter: 'Women Should Not Have The Right To Vote, But They Can Still Write Books'
Colts raise "AFC Finalist" banner
Fifa PR director sacked for telling joke!
IMF to Alexis Tsipras: 'Do you feel lucky, punk?'
Texas cops shut down two little girls' lemonade stand
Piles of dead fish close I-40 in Nashville
Redhead banned from high school in England for being too ginger
As currency dies, Zimbabweans will get $5 for 175 quadrillion local dollars.
$ex ruined 17 images
Ninja Restaurant to open in September
Texas Official Wants Deep Fryers Back In Schools
Fifa: Sepp Blatter fires PR chief over joke on television
Israel exonerates itself over Gaza beach killings of four children last year
'Black Madam' sentenced for killing British dancer with illegal buttocks injection
Santa Ana Cops Caught On Camera Apparently Eating Pot Candy, Joking About Kicking Amputee Patient In Her "Nub"
Troubles Brewing in the Trailer Park
Outlaw Country Singer Randy Howard Dies in Shootout With Bounty Hunter Outlaw Country Singer Randy Howard Dies in Shootout With Bounty Hunter
Mom charged with leaving kids in car does it again during her court hearing
Texas Man Trapped Inside His Dream Car Dies Alongside His Dog
Edinson Cavani apologises for calling Jamaica 'an African team'
Outlaw Country Singer Killed In Shootout With Bounty Hunter
Outlaw Country Singer Randy Howard Dies in Shootout With Bounty Hunter
Ugandan Minister Accuses Countrymen of Having Too Much Sex At Lunchtime
Tony Abbott agrees windfarms may have 'potential health impacts'
Woman charged with leaving her kids in the car does it again during her court hearing
Texas Man and His Dog Found Dead After Becoming Trapped Inside Car
Jailed Saudi blogger must face another 950 lashes
Cold turkey: Cavs' Matthew Dellavedova to forgo Game 4 coffee
Woman Facing Charges For Locking Kids In Hot Car Does It Again At Court
NYC Official Says There's Too Many Asians in Public Housing.
Texas cops bust a lemonade stand run by two little girls
Dad Finally Finds Daughter After 16 Years of Searching. That's When He Gets A Big Shock in the Mail...
Woman accused of locking child in hot car arrives at court, leaves kids in parked vehicle again...
3 former jailers accused of having female inmates strip in exchange for doughnuts.
Mom who left children in hot car goes to court, leaves kids in car again
Texas Jr High hands out "most ghetto" award.
South Korea's Kang Soo-il blames failed drug test on moustache-growing cream
Sextronauts Want Your Help Funding The First Porno Shot In Space
Tribal chief demands 10 buffalo from Mt Kinabalu strippers.
Students Will Have $3.5 Billion of Student Loan Debt Wiped Out & They Are Not Happy About It
Spokane NAACP leader Rachel Dolezal falsely portrays herself as black, family says
Did NAACP president lie about her race? City investigates
Colorado Springs police: Man shot himself to see what it felt like
Same Sex Couple Threatens to Not Give a Shit if Other Couple Divorces.
House overrides veto regarding minors on beer bottles
MALAYSIAN TRIBAL ELDER: WESTERN NUDISTS MUST OFFER 10 BUFFALO FOR CAUSING EARTHQUAKE
For Some Reason, Everyone Thinks Rue McClanahan Of 'The Golden Girls' Just Died Again
"Golden Girls" star Rue McClanahan goes viral five years after her death
A couple in Australia vows they'' get divorced if gay marriage is legalized there
4-Year-Old Driving Car Runs Over Toddler At Day Care
4-year-old driving van runs over toddler at NYC daycare
Why I'm finally convinced it's time to stop saying "you guys"
A Civil Rights Leader Has Disguised Herself As Black For Years, Her Parents Say
Police prepare for calm, safe night around Cavs game
Woman Calls 911 To Report Drug Rip-Off, Gets Arrested Herself
Man breaks penis after driving motorcycle while watching porn
'Black' NAACP leader outed as white woman
Couple vows to get divorced if gay marriage is allowed
Jeb Bush: 'Putin has changed' since brother George saw his 'soul'
Jack Off to Executive Suite, With Dick Out
ABC Accidentally Shows LeBron James' Penis During NBA Finals
Family Given Free HBO After Woman Dies On Hold With Time Warner Cable - See more at: http://nationalreport.net/family-given-free-hbo-woman-dies-hold-time-warner-cable/#sthash.RPDCm43M.dpuf
Family Given Free HBO After Woman Dies On Hold With Time Warner Cable
Country music singer killed in gunfight with bounty hunter
Reddit Takes Down Post About Woman-on-Man Sexual Assault
Father gets $7,800 bill after reuniting with long lost daughter
Fat-Hating Redditors Flee to Voat, Overload Servers, Demand Bitcoin
Amish Country Residents React To Caitlyn Jenner
Is 'Hot Dog Pizza' Actually Pizza? An Investigation
Kids Told 'It's Illegal' to Sell Lemonade Without a Permit
There's A Link Between Cat Ownership And Schizophrenia
NYC Considers Reversing Circumcision Rule on Herpes Danger Warning
NAACP Leader outed as white woman
Father gets $7,800 bill after reuniting with daughter
President of NAACP chapter outed as a white woman
Glendale mayor: Please Tase me, bro
Cop injured by naked woman
Zimbabwe offers new exchange rate: $1 for $35,000,000,000,000,000 old dollars
Leominster Woman Kills Baby Daddy On Same Day He Is Released From Prison
Mom finds it hard to love her "ugly" child
NAACP leader Rachel Dolezal lied about being black
Marco Rubio And Five Members Of Congress Voted For Florida's 'Scarlet Letter' Adoption Bill
White NAACP president has been disguising herself as black for years, parents say
Spokane NAACP President Outed as a White Woman
Watch Texas cops bust a lemonade stand run by two little girls
North Korea suspected of executing citizens by Anti-aircraft Machine Guns
LeBron James flashes during game 4 of NBA finals
Montana Republican: Noah was 600 years old when he built the Ark, so why do Americans need retirement?
Leader Has Disguised Herself As Black For Years, Her Parents Say
Execs arrested from scam dating sites that had 2.7 mil users and only one female member
Family says Spokane NAACP head falsely portrays herself as black
In Louisiana, students read the Book of Genesis in their science classes
Flipkart faux pas: Smartphone buyer from Telangana gets mangoes
Lady Gaga named Germany's prettiest cow
Report: Hack of government employee records discovered by product demo
Hunter Ian Gibson crushed to death by elephant in Zimbabwe
Officials: South Florida woman calls 911 to report drug deal gone bad, ends up charged herself
Celebrated hunter crushed to death by baby elephant
NAACP leader Rachel Dolezal lied about being black: parents
We all saw LeBron James' penis during the NBA Finals
NAACP leader of Washington state chapter lied about being black, parents say
Dominique Strauss-Kahn acquitted of 'aggravated pimping'
Soldier hits young girl in the face while saluting the Queen
Local NAACP leader outed as white woman refutes claim
China's belly button challenge is a bit weird
Civil rights activist is 'pretending to be black' say her biological parents
Police: Woman reports drug deal rip-off, ends up charged
Civil rights leader's parents say she has disguised herself as black since 2006
Jeb Bush ready to make 2016 run official
The world's first penis transplant has reportedly resulted in a pregnancy
Snoop Dogg campaigns for Twitter CEO position as Dick Costolo steps down
'Golden Girls' Star Rue McClanahan's Death Goes Viral 5 Years Late
Snoop Dogg wants to be Twitter's new CEO
NAACP leader and civil rights activist outed as WHITE by her parents who say she's been pretending to be black for years
Pornhub Is Trying To Raise Enough Money To Film A Porn In Space
Police Killed An Unarmed White Man In Iowa And His Community Didn't Seem To Notice
Dannemora prison break: Woman 'helped inmate escape because he has a big penis'
Video: It's the 25th anniversary of Gary Lineker pooing himself against Ireland at Italia 90
NAACP Activist Rachel Dolezal Acccused of Faking Black Ethnicity
Parents out 'black' NAACP leader as white woman
Abandoned tree plantations in Japan are big polluters, scientists discover
White woman 'posed as black civil right leader' in years-long deception
'Are you an African American?' Why an NAACP official isn't saying.
Spokane NAACP President's Mom Says Daughter Pretending to Be Black
Mike Huckabee's co-author on 2 books accused of child molestation in multiple lawsuits: report
Dead Toddler Reanimates at Own Wake to Ask for Some Water, Then Re-Dies
Civil rights activist Rachel Dolezal misrepresented herself as black, claim parents
Country music singer Randy Howard killed in gunfight with bounty hunter, authorities say
OMG! TAYLOR SWIFT'S LOOK-A-LIKE MAKES A WHOPPING £10,000
My Dog Stole My Tractor
100-year-old woman says secret to long life is 'a lot of booze'
Professional big game hunter Ian Gibson crushed to death by elephant during hunt
Cambridge University professor of Lego proposed.
175,000,000,000,000,000 Zimbabwean Dollars Now Equals $5
Rachel Dolezal: 'Black' Civil Rights Champion 'Outed As White' By Her Family
Edward Snowden Just Visited Busch Gardens And Returned To Russia Without Getting Caught
Truck carrying 2,200 piglets overturns, killing about half
1980s computer controls heat and AC across school district for past 30 years
Country singer killed in gunfight with bounty hunter
Man shoots self in foot to see what it feels
Texas man seeks $1 million to chase Al Sharpton out of McKinney - even though he's not coming
University of Waterloo offers Beyonce course
Double Onion: Woman Pepper Sprays Crowd After Order is a Mistake/ Two Cops Accuse 75 Year Old Vet of Stolen Valor, Shout & Glare at him.
The Rock Makes Toddler Believe She's The Strongest Little Lady Ever, And It Will Make You Melt
Zimbabwe dollars phased out as Z$35 quadrillion = US$1
PHOTOS: Game of Thrones fan wants to flog his replica of the Iron Throne made out of dildos on eBay
'Black' Washington State NAACP Leader Is Really White, Parents Say
South African prison escapee impersonates police officer, takes over leadership of elite police group
Hieronymus Bosch painted sheet music on a man's butt and now you can hear it
Game of Thrones fan wants to flog his replica of the Iron Throne made out of dildos on eBay
DOING IT WRONG: CHRISTIAN PASTOR PRAYING FOR GOD TO RIP CAITLYN JENNER'S HEART OUT
ISIS Might Have its Sights Set on Tiny Island Off the Coast of Devon in the UK
White woman 'posed as black civil right leader' in years-long deception - Telegraph
USA Today: 'Black' NAACP leader outed as white woman
Is Rachel Dolezal, head of Spokane NAACP, white? - CNN.com
THIS IS A BEAR PLAYING ICE HOCKEY
ISIS Lundy Island take-over claims lack 'substance'
Santa Ana police raid pot shop, then eat its edibles
North End restaurant owners say Olive Garden food truck not worthy of the neighborhood
Scientists find link between cat ownership and schizophrenia
Ryanair booking error: man claims it was cheaper to change his name
Arrest warrant issued for 75-year-old woman for not mowing her lawn
Facebook event created - celebrating Nick and Sarah Jensen's Divorce
NAACP Leader Rachel Dolezal Allegedly Faked Being A Black Woman For Years
Washington Civil Rights Activist Outed as White by Her Parents
'Dead' boy wakes up and asks for water at funeral in Brazil
University of Missouri considers banning women from frat parties
Iowa Supreme Court affirms right to be drunk on front porch
Burrard Bridge Yoga Closure Slammed By Raffi, First Nations
FL man faces life in jail for smashing a fast food worker's cell phone
Head of Spokane NAACP poses as black woman for years.
Spokane NAACP president outed as white by her parents.
Justin Bieber's manager compares him to Bob Dylan
Female scientists post 'distractingly sexy' photos
Charleston deputy on administrative leave after allegedly assaulting photobomber
Armed, naked carjacking suspect captured in Pasco
Sports investors are raking in the cash while gamblers almost always lose.
Everything you need to know about PornHub's plans to pioneer the world's first sex tape in space
Snoop Dogg really wants to be CEO of Twitter
Homeless man reunited with $10K he left on a bus
Country Singer Randy Howard Killed in Gunfight With Bounty Hunter
Homeless man reunited with $10K he left on a bus bench
Washington civil rights activists outed as white by parents
NAACP leader under fire for identifying as black
Pornhub Wants To Shoot A Porn Film In Space
Civil rights activist Rachel Dolezal pretending to be black, parents say
Olive Garden food truck rolls into Orlando Wednesday on Breadstick Nation tour
Evergreen man: "I don't know if a bear (poops) in the woods, but it (poops) in my wife's truck." X-Post from r/denver
Russians mistake massive thunderstorm cloud for nuclear mushroom cloud, believe WWIII is starting
If You Don't Know You Are Held Captive, Does It Matter?
Woman told 'You can't breastfeed' in lazy river
'Black' NAACP Leader Outed as White by Parents
Rachel Dolezal the NAACP leader outed as WHITE by her parents
'Black' NAACP leader outed as white woman by parents
Cop Leaves Drug Overdose Training to Save Man From Drug Overdose
#WrongSkin: Twitter campaign by white man who 'identifies as being black' goes viral
Worker steals €15,000 from the Central Bank by stuffing it up her sleeves
NAACP lends supports to local leader accused of misrepresenting herself as black
Bride-to-be stole €15k due to fears about paying for wedding
NAACP Leader Posing As Black Woman Outed By Parents As White
Michael Wolff Thinks We Could All Learn From Fox News
Kim Jong-un offers condolences to China ship sinking victims: report
Crews search for 'Wizard of Oz' ruby slippers
Henrico mom charged with leaving children in hot car while turning herself in to police
Tokyo court ruling says adultery OK if it's for business
Most Canadian word of all missing from senators: 'Sorry'
This is why people drink camel urine
Boy writes letter to his dead dog, receives loving reply
Amid California Drought, Man Posts More Than 100 Videos, Addresses of Alleged Water Wasters Online
Tokyo court ruling says adultery OK if it's for business: experts
West Texas car dealer: Buy a truck, get an 'assault rifle' West Texas car dealer: Buy a truck, get an assault rifle
West Texas car dealer: Buy a truck, get an assault rifle
Korean national soccer team forward tests positive for steroid, says he used mustache-growing cream
African-American rights activist falsely portrayed herself as black, family says
Head of NAACP outed as white.
'Outlaw' country singer killed in gunfight with bounty hunter
French Court: Former IMF Leader Is Not a Pimp
MJ's Flu Game Vs. LeBron's Head Wound Game
Moby says Silver Lake residents should not worry about noisy vegans
California cops eat marijuana edibles, play darts, joke about kicking amputee's 'f---ing nub' during Santa Ana pot shop raid: lawyer
Spokane Leader of NAACP 'Outed' as White
France gives Google 15 days to expand right-to-be-forgotten worldwide or face sanctions
State Rep Suggests Abortion Is To Blame For California Drought
Rob Ford has 10,000 chocolate eggs and no one to share them with
Assemblywoman Shannon Grove blames drought on God's anger with abortion
Arizonans react to NAACP head 'outed' as white
Baby-faced hipsters are dropping thousands of dollars on beard-transplants
The Irish Times: Civil rights leader has been pretending to be black, parents say
France tourism campaign asks citizens to be nicer
Civil rights leader has been pretending to be black, parents say
Iowa residents have right to be drunk on front porch.
Civil Rights Leader RachelDolezal Faked Being Black
First penis transplant patient's girlfriend is pregnant, doctor says
Mexican girls' cheer-dance team does Nazi-themed routine
drunk man calls cops for tipped-over chair
Japan Airlines pilot suspended after taking selfie with a stewardess at 10,000 feet
Japan Airlines pilot suspended for cockpit selfie
Crystal Pepsi is making a comeback
Nazi-themed routine by girls dance team in Mexico draws fire
Seattle Police find shooting suspect driving car with his own name on vanity plates
Wisconsin Woman Makes 29-Gallon Breast Milk Donation
President Of NAACP Spokane Chapter Has Been Disguising Herself As African American For Years
Nvidia announces GPU-Powered Oven
N.A.A.C.P. Leader Rachel Dolezal Posed as Black, Parents Say
Cat hired as Communications Manager for startup
Cops raid Medical Marijuana shop, proceed to get high while they gather, "evidence."
Santa Ana Police Officers Caught On Camera Eating Marijuana, Joking About Kicking Amputee.
Violin expert instrumental in recovering stolen goods
Leader of Spokane NAACP chapter is focus of investigation after parents say she is white
White woman 'posed as black leader' for an entire year
Ohio sheriff: Hit man killed wrong person with target's name
Blogger Mum Poisoned Son To Death With Salt
The unexpected pleasure of watching robots fall down
BREAKING: Police Seize 6 Children Simply Because Family Was Camping
Alamo (South Texas) man breaks leg while deputies said he tried to commit sex act with horse
Masked 'superhero' in muscle top foils knife point mugging of City worker
Federal Government Data Breach Being Investigated As National Security Matter
Police Shut Down Little Girls' Lemonade Stand Because They Don't Have A 'Permit'
Alamo man breaks leg while deputies said he tried to commit sex act with horse
Wanted man found driving car with own name on vanity plate
The Pope's Climate Encyclical Now Has an Epic Hollywood Trailer
There is now a $300 joystick built for Farming Simulator
Jon Ronson calls for calm over civil rights leader 'outed as white'
Today This Guy Fucked Up: Serial Horse Fucker Breaks Leg Trying to Fuck Horse
Fla. woman reports drug deal rip-off, gets charged
Police called to suspicious package marked "this is a bomb". Box filled with illegal drugs.
Doctors don't actually know how often you should see them
Kirribilli car spot sells for $120,000 at auction
Doctors mistake woman's tattoos for cancer, only realise after surgery
Florida Man Attempts to Rob a Subway Using Only His Fingers
Salzburg brothel offers free sex in tax protest
Rachel Dolezal, NAACP leader, lying about being black, mother says
Amherst Student Was Expelled for Rape. But He Was Raped, Evidence Shows.
Husband of Ellen Pao, a civil fraud business man Buddy Fletcher #wallstreetcrimanlhate
Taco Bell Planning Upscale New Concept With Beer And Wine In SoMa
This may be the round that gets me banned due to its length. I made a round that incorporates many of the various types of PictureGame I've seen since getting here. It is quite long, but there is an over-arching theme that will speed it up if you can work it out. Follow the instructions and enjoy.
Pornhub Is Making The First Adult Film Shot In Space
When Rachel Dolezal Attended Howard University, She Was Still White
Video Games Should Let You Skip Combat.
1 On 1 Fight Turns Into A Brawl At A Trailer Park! | New Video
Mayor says he can't imagine living without Viagra.
Muslims in Arctic Circle with 24-hour daylight seek new rules for fasting
Croatia swastika: Hosts apologise for Nazi pitch symbol
Russian Town builds world's largest horsemeat sausage helicopter
Zimbabwe is paying people $5 (USD) for 175 quadrillion Zimbabwe dollars
Zimbabwe is paying people $5 for 175 quadrillion Zimbabwe dollars
'He's smiling big': First penis transplant recipient impregnates girlfriend
Neurosurgeon to attempt world's first head transplant
Let child discover his own gender, Ontario judge tells parents in custody order
A couple from Australia donates $33.7 million for medical marijuana research.
Police: Man shoots self in foot to see how it feels
Civil Right's activist Outed as White by her Parents
Global warming denier Rick Santorum on Pope's stance on climate change, ""The church has gotten it wrong a few times on science, and I think we probably are better off leaving science to the scientists"
Man 'damaged 10 T-shirts while performing sex act' in TK Maxx
Call for ban on 'cruel' baby ear piercing
French letter delivered after 138 years
Deputy: Drunk wife pulls up to husband's DWI stop
Would you wear a fitbit on your penis (or want your partner to)?
Family Accuses NAACP Leader Rachel Dolezal of Falsely Portraying Herself as Black
Man Reaches 5000 Facebook Friends
Court.jpg Previous Next The Iowa Supreme Court has affirmed the right to be drunk on your front porch.
'Extremist' sect threatens protests against Dalai Lama during UK visit
Earthquake blamed on nude hikers
Swedish man arrested after trying to split atoms in his kitchen
Black students are more likely to get 'ineffective' teachers: report
Dumb Parents Need to Stop Letting Their Young Kids Eat Weed Brownies, Study Says
Why 12 Year Old Girls Are Having Sex Rougher and Earlier
Expelled under new policy, ex-Amherst College student files suit
Belgian football fans' coach travels to the wrong Wales
Arrested nude tourists in Malaysia told they must sacrifice 10 buffalo to escape prison
Croatia could face UEFA sanction after swastika pattern visible on pitch vs. Italy
Nudist backpacker Eleanor Hawkins told to sacrifice 10 buffalo to escape prison
Woman who claims she owns the Sun sues Ebay after she was banned from selling Sun's plots on the site
Power Rangers Need To Share MBTA Seats, Too
University of Cambridge to hire 'professor of Lego'
Not how I want to go
Islamic State Publishes "How to Survive in the West for Jihadi Secret Agents". And it's Hilarious!
Beyoncé course debuts this fall at University of Waterloo
The CIA just released a report on Saudi ties to 9/11 and every page except one is redacted
Cambridge University moves toward hiring 'Lego professor' to study play
Mom accused of leaving kids in hot car turns herself in... while kids wait in hot car
Mother accused of leaving her kid in a hot car turns herself in... while leaving her kid in a hot car
Mitt Romney gives a brutal PowerPoint critique of Obama's foreign policy
Woman Arrested for Helping Big-Dicked Murderer and Friend Escape Prison
Little girl meets Queen, gets smacked in face
Rachel Dolezal's Father: 'Rachel Is Clearly White as We Are'
175 Quadrillion Zimbabwean Dollars Are Now Worth $5
Went to Yosemite last weekend - not quite what I expected...
'I've never been to Scotland,' admits new Scotland call-up Matt Ritchie
First Gun-free warship christened: "We have this whole new generation of millennials joining the Navy...and most of them don't even like guns,"
Angry US republicans tell Pope Francis to 'stick with his job and we'll stick with ours'
Malaysia blames naked tourists for a deadly earthquake, and arrests them
Only in Vancouver? Burrard Bridge to close for mass yoga class
PBSO: Man points gun at son's face when he doesn't get birthday card
Charleston County deputy arrested in photo-bombing incident
Police Officer Surrenders To Girls In 'Epic Jump Rope Battle'
Caitlyn Jenner Facebook Post Prompts Workplace Fight in Buffalo Grove
Escaped circus elephant kills 65-year-old man in woods in Germany
Everything You Need to Know About the 'Transracial' NAACP Activist
GOP Rep Blames California Drought On Abortion
The latest joy: Selfies with police officers giving you a ticket
Judge rules that sleeping with a prostitute isn't adultery
Court in Japan rules that paying for sex is not adultery in landmark ruling
Woman takes a poo in bargain store, and then carries on shopping
Warrant Issued For 75-Year-Old Woman For Unmowed Lawn
NY man gets 15 years in prison for filming boss set fire to homeless victim
Noah From The Bible Didn't Retire, So This Likely GOP Gubernatorial Candidate Doesn't See Why You Should
Man who lives near airport paints 'Welcome to Cleveland' on his roof. He lives in Milwaukee.
Montana Republican: Noah Lived To 600, So Retirement Not Necessary
Guy Who Lives Near Airport Painted "Welcome to Cleveland" on His Roof, He Lives in Milwaukee
Wedding guest killed by celebratory shots
Irish judge calls for mandatory insurance for bicyclists
Passengers exit plane, end up on wing.
If Rachel Dolezal Isn't Black, How Is Caitlyn Jenner A Woman?
Religious Children Struggle To Separate Fact From Fiction
Asghar Bukhari warns 'Mossad shoe-stealer' is on the loose
North Korean Authorities Interrogate Children to Weed Out Adult Drug Users
Kanye West says he lives a "completely boring" life
Even pre-teens knows Faux
Rachel Dolezal identifying as African American is highly unusual, experts say
Woman Arrested For Biting Pit Bull.
Ann Coulter Warns Americans May Have to 'Flee' to Canada
mexican teens spark controversy by dancing as Nazis
An Airline Passenger Took A Crap So Foul They Had To Land The Plane
Scientists are still exploring the causes of California's historic drought, but one local lawmaker thinks it might all come down to one thing: God's wrath over abortion.
New Computer Algorithm Learns Rap Lyrics and Writes Its Own Rap Song
Brooklyn man who recorded boss setting homeless victim on fire gets 15 years
A new lie detector is being developed for Turkish people because of higher rates of schizophrenia due to cultural differences
Senators' refusal to walk an extra block to temporary offices could cost $24.5M
Ellen Pao, After Losing Discrimination Case, Wanted $2.7 Million Not to Appeal
Paddy the adventure kitty hikes NW trails
175 Quadrillion Zimbabwean Dollars Now Equals $5
Burbank Police to Hang Out at Krispy Kreme Doughnuts
Man who walks fiancée on leash around Staten Island thrown in the doghouse on illegal gun possession charge.
Walking Lanes Introduced In Antwerp, Brussels For Unobservant Smartphone Users
Bear Can't Get To Leaves, Is Super Frustrated About It (VIDEO)
Billionaire Bunkers: Exclusive Look Inside the World's Largest Planned Doomsday Escape
Sex Party For People With Disabilities Is About Empowerment, Organizer Says
California lawmaker blames drought on abortion
Spanish government plans to tax sunlight
Guy offers to walk David Price's dog for a week if Price throws a shutout. Price throws a shutout.
ISIS Is Winning the Social Media War, U.S. Concludes
Pages related to Saudi Arabia in CIA report attack appear blank
'Text walking lanes': Antwerp sets up temporary scheme
Walmart Officially Denies Rumors Of Tunnels Under Their Stores
Cops Raid Marijuana Dispensary, Destroy Surveillance Equipment, Eat Pot Brownies, Joke About Assaulting Amputee.
The guy with too many Facebook friends
'Text walking lane' for smartphone-addicted pedestrians introduced in European city
Police shut down 7 and 8 year old girl's lemonade stand for not having a business permit
personal injury lawyer victorville
Bernie Saners tells supporters corporations actually have a lot to offer
Texans keep reporting clouds as UFOs; more than 56 reports in past month
Rick Perry Denounces Dodd-Frank, Calls for Banking Regulations
It's a 'Shoeish conspiracy': Twitter mocks British Muslim campaigner after he claims MOSSAD sneaked into his home and stole a single shoe - and he responds with bizarre video rant
Twitter Still Wants to Know: Is Bow Wow Relevant?
Tupac Shakur Finally comes out after 19 years of hiding (video) - Stories that y...
Belgian Cleaners Accidentally Throw Away Exams
The Dramatic Birth Of The Darkest Baby Ever Born - This Baby Has Just Changed Th...
Rich Californians balk at limits: 'We're not all equal when it comes to water'
Leading Muslim campaigner in the UK accuses "Zionists" of breaking into his house and stealing his left shoe
Leading British Muslim activist claims "Zionists" broke into his house and stole his left shoe.
Revenge Star Ashley Madekwe Gets Naked for Reebok, Makes Sneakers Much Sexier-Take a Look
Leading UK Muslim activist accuses Mossad of stealing his shoe
Michigan candidate strongly disagrees that black lives matter: 'When there is any doubt - shoot!'
Couple says they were banned from Kernersville church by pastor on social media
The New York Times wisely blocks staff from viewing its desktop homepage
Rare 1930s camera rifle expected to fetch over $330G at auction
Don't try this at home! Russian man eats his tablet to avoid getting arrested
A student changed his name by deed poll to avoid the £220 Ryanair told him it would cost to change the booking
Convicted pedophile Rolf Harris pens country rock ballad about his victims from behind bars.
Woman jailed for not returning 2005 video rental
Arizona man survives 500 to 1,000 stings by swarming bees
CNN Anchor Refers to Dallas Gunman's Actions as 'Courageous and Brave'
Obama administration 'sets new record' for denying records
Reddit Plans Lawsuit Against Voat.co
Nintendo Seizes "Pirated" Cookies to Protect Fans
President Erdogan: "Let's be patient a little while longer with 3G and skip 4G, 2 years later we'll jump to 5G."
Sepp Blatter Reconsidering His FIFA Resignation
UK activist accuses Mossad of breaking into his home and stealing one of his shoes while he slept
I had to translate this one from my home language: Judge frees criminal and is assaulted by him after the hearing
Driver in I-5 HOV lane caught with disguised mannequin
We are heading into the final frontier.... Space Porn!
Porn stars wishes to make porn movie in space and they want you to crowdfund the trip
FIFA President Sepp Blatter wants to un-resign
Austrian brothel offers free sex in protest over tax bill
Sepp Blatter is reconsidering resignation as Fifa president - reports
California removes 'husband' 'wife' from marriage statutes
"We're not all equal when it comes to water": rich Californians offended by mandatory water restrictions
Social worker obtained state licenses despite criminal past
Hackers infect Angela Merkels computer, spread Trojan by sending invitations with her mail account
Bill Clinton on GOP's 2016 field: 'No dummies'
Train engine stops, passengers push start the train!
Muslim campaigner: 'Zionists crept into my home and stole my shoe'
Taco Bell CEO: 'Our goal is to get 100% of teens graduating high school'
Lawsuit: Botched Pedicure Led to Man's Death
Video of Santa Ana Police Pot-Shop Raid Shows Officers Eating 'Edibles,' Attorney Says
Man Rubs Fire Ant Nest On Genitals, Immediately Regrets His Decision
Man roasts guinea pig in Prospect Park barbecue area
Sunoco Launches Gasoline Scented Fragrance Called "Burnt Rubber," Something You Never Knew You Needed
Mom accused of leaving kid in hot car goes to court and leaves kids in car
Los Gatos Nudist Camp Owners Charged with Stealing Water from Nearby Waterfall
Route 462 bridge closed Saturday night due to mayfly swarm, later reopened
Train grinds to a halt due to Engine trouble, Passengers help push-start the train
Minnesota man wins World Series of Poker tournament having never played the game before
Kate Middleton, Prince William Hire New Housekeeper: Details
Spanish politician under fire for applauding burning of Jews
High school diploma covers feature wrong state seal
Minnesota man's mistake leads to winning poker's top prize
Sauerkraut Could Be The Secret To Curing Social Anxiety
Woman falls from moving van onto Indianapolis Interstate while trying to vomit
Lego fan builds world's longest toy train circuit out of 93,000 bricks - and it takes more than three hours to go round
Thirty Year Old Commodore Amiga Still Controls Heat and AC at 19 Schools
Report: FIFA President Sepp Blatter May Not Resign
Swarm of mayflies caused motorcycle crashes and a bridge closure
Woman Takes A Poop In Grocery Store Aisle, Covers Turd With Baby Clothes, Gets Back To Shopping
Antwerp introduces "text walking lanes" for pedestrians using mobile phones
Man Arrested In Slaying Of Ice Cream Truck Driver
Israeli footwear conspiracy? UK activist accuses Mossad of stealing shoe
Russian man to undergo world's first full head transplant
Quebec man stunned by $270 ticket for Sunday afternoon lawn mowing
Mayor says town full, temporarily closed to outsiders
Senator Unveils New Obamacare Attack, Immediately Becomes Laughingstock
Pizza Hut Officially Announces Pizza Surrounded By Pigs In Blankets
Some Asshole Was Knitting At Last Night's Brewers-Nationals Game
Chris Christie: "Women's Viagra Pill Will Only Increase Lesbianism"
Dense mayfly swarm causes crashes, closes US bridge
Global Warming causes Polar Bears to eat Dolphins
Breaking News: Senator Blunt Votes in Favor of Medical Cannabis Rights!
Gay student challenges curriculum at Catholic high school
Abortion Strikes Again...Causes Drought In California.
How Mac and Cheese Destroyed a Toronto Neighborhood
Nevada GOP congressman: My kids 'will not be a drain on society' like disabled children
Redlands principal salutes 'courage' of cheerleaders involved in racist Spirit Day event
Minnesota man wins World Series of Poker event, by mistake
Brothel offers free sex to protest tax hike
Ted Cruz loves video games so much, he won't buy a console because he would "use it far too much"
PornHub needs your money to film a porno movie in space
German tanks roll back into Poland
Arkansas Man Running Pet Rescue Arrested For Sex With Dogs
Florida man snaps picture of raccoon riding a gator in Ocala National Forest
Snoop Dogg Nominates Himself As New Twitter CEO After Dick Costolo Resigns
HD IP Camera with Alarm Function
Man Wins Poker Tourney After Accidentally Signing Up for Event: http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2495788-minnesota-mans-mistake-leads-to-winning-pokers-top-prize
6 MPH police escort for old lady on scooter
To raise money for the homeless, a hot dog eating contest will be held in Lincoln, NE on June 20th
Man killed friend, 18, playing Russian roulette, Dallas police say
Lead singer of Smash Mouth yells obscenities at crowd over thrown bread, is walked off stage
Smash Mouth singer flips out at Taste of Fort Collins
100yo credits booze for long life
Wildlife hospital steps in after woman tries to sell bunnies as food on Craigslist.
UK waterpark bans bikinis and orders visitors to wear 'Islamically appropriate' clothes
Rachel Dolezal Postpones Monday NAACP Meeting Where She Planned to Address Race Questions
Israeli government approves bill to force feed prisoners on hunger strike
White supremacist accused of selling cannabis to Indigenous communities
Live Leak reports that Reddit is revolting.
Watch This Guy Propose to His Girlfriend 365 Times Without Her Knowing
'Haunted building' in eastern China found to be brothel
Impotence in China - is pollution responsible?
US anti-fraud law makes deleting browser history a crime punishable by 20yrs in jail
Pakistan pigeon arrested in India; suspected to be spy
Devon woman wakes up to find 107 gnomes in front of her house.
Woman jailed for failing to return video... rented in 2005
Australian mother gave birth in nature to encourage mothers to trust their bodies and divine instincts to successfully deliver a baby.
Belgium fans take 400-mile detour after heading to wrong Wales
Children banned from doing cartwheels and handstands at primary school
Man Forced To Come Up With 45 Seconds Of Facial Expressions While Waitress Lists Off Specials
Woman arrested for not returning video tape of 'Monster in Law' she rented back in 2005
Police in hour-long stand-off with garden ornament they thought was snake
Parents Charged with 'Neglect' After 11-Year-Old Plays in Yard for 90 Minutes
Lead singer of SmashMouth throws temper tantrum over free bread
A mum-to-be has developed a bizarre pregnancy craving - eating soap
University student detained at dorm for insulting Turkey's Erdoğan on Twitter
Belgium fans trust sat nav and end up in the wrong Wales
Crystal Pepsi Is Poised for a Comeback
Obsessed 'Game Of Thrones' Fans Seek Plot Parallels In Spanish Politics
5 CIEKAWOSTEK Z CS:GO #8- 128tick za free, ciekawy spot, jak spawnić skr...
Mariah Carey -- I'm the New Kate Upton in Game of War
Fans Obsessed With 'Game Of Thrones' Seek Parallels In Spanish Politics
Smash Mouth singer goes on tirade, attempts to fight fans after being pelted with loaves of bread
Man Gets Struck by Lightning... Again
California electric shock: private power providers are more expensive than public utilities
Russian Pancake Czar Targets Manhattan With Mom's Secret Recipe
Police in stand-off with garden ornament they thought was snake
Chris Pratt Has Signed on for "38" More Jurassic World Sequels!
Giggles the Pig no longer running for Flint mayor
'Jurassic World' Dominates Box Office, Chris Pratt Confirms '38' Sequels
Stanley Cup X-rayed at airport en route to Chicago
Organic Bottled Water From Lammsbrau Gets OK From German Court
Hey now! Smash Mouth singer flips as fans throw bread
Arizona Coyotes fan uses stun gun on mayor for charity
Man gives false name to police, only to be arrested because the name he gave was wanted for breaching bail conditions
UK Court Denies Woman's Attempt to Carry Her Own Grandchild
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West won't name their new baby South
Hand dryer sprays man in urine: restaurant offers year's supply of socks
Scientists Develop Chips Made Mostly From Wood
Mayor says town full, temporally closed to outsiders
There's an arsonist out there on the hunt for Chevrolet Volts
X-post form /r/entrepreneur - two eight year old girls told to close lemonade stand for lack of permit
Master Troll Paints 'Welcome To Cleveland' On Home Next To Milwaukee Airport
Southwest Colorado "horse lady" trampled by mules
Austrian brothel offers sex for free to protest high taxes
Dad sends lookalike to take paternity test to avoid paying child support
Sausage Dispute Leads to Arrest of Man Named 'Bacon'
The sun has not exploded.
Pastor Prays For Caitlyn Jenner's Heart To Be Ripped From Her Chest
Alabama man arrested, accused of having sex with wife's Shih Tzu
Gun Goes Off in Man's Pants at the Waldorf Astoria, Injuring 4: NYPD
East TN couple accused of stabbing neighbor who called police about loud sex
Fox News Questions Dallas Attacker's Easy Access To Armored Van, But Not Assault Weapons
This the front page of the UK Daily Mirror before the Euro 96 soccer tournament
Man Smuggles Package into Prison = LIVE on TV
Idaho Legislator Seeks Bible to Be Taught Alongside Curriculum in Public Schools
Anti-gay Russian Lawmaker Vitaly Milonov Wants to Ban 'Game of Thrones' Because It's Too Sexy
Lincoln man gets drunk, steals bacon
State-run dating site to tell Iranians who they should marry
Police: Man passed out next to TV had package of bacon in his pocket
Hungry cat starts fire at Bradford house
Man rethinks suicide after jumping in dirty river
Kim Jong pill: North Korea unveils super-strength Viagra tablet
I read all the small print on the internet and it made me want to die
100-year-old New York woman hits man, 84, with her car
Drunk man steals bacon and a tv. Passes out on someone's lawn.
You should probably take that smoke break
Smash Mouth Singer Freaks Out When Food Fest Crowd Won't Stop Throwing Bread At Him
Police in stand-off with garden ornament they thought was a snake
Colonel Sanders Can Now Be the Voice of Your GPS Navigation System
Minnesota Twins outfielder Torii Hunter ejected after Beavis and Butthead argument with home plate umpire.
Prosecutors: Teen Shot Man Over Social Media Comments About Slain Rapper
Police in hour-long stand-off with garden ornament they thought was a snake
Irony Watch: Romney blasts Clinton's wealth, authenticity
Hey America Who Is Crazier? Bruce "Caitlyn" Jenner, Barack Obama Or You? (VIDEO)
Japanese court endorses adultery for business purposes, experts say
23-year prison sentence for woman in slow cooker death
Hunter's Tirade Caused by Beavis and Butthead Theory
Man accidentally enters World Series of Poker, wins tournament
Woman who beat friend to death with slow cooker gets 23 years in prison
23 Year Sentence For Woman in Slow Cooker Killing
Belgian city gets dedicated 'text-walking' lane for smartphone addicts
Donald Trump is about to say he's worth $9 billion dollars.
Declining smoking rates #1 reason Americans are getting fatter
LastPass Hacked, Change Your Master Password Now
CDC: Average American Woman Now Weighs As Much As 1960s US Man
Chinese farmer used ancient sword as kitchen knife
Boy scouts leader arrested for showing hardcore porn to kids at church
Man charged with having sex with dog
Rachel Dolezal, Accused of Pretending to Be Black, Resigning NAACP Post
'Radical Feminist Anarchists' Target New Montreal Restaurant
My boss grabbed my crotch and broke my testicle!
Smash Mouth Singer Freaks Out When Crowd Won't Stop Throwing Bread At Him
Sexual Frustration Driving Kids to ISIS
Mum-of-one attacked ex's new partner - ripping out her nipple piercing and hair extensions
Pedestrians glued to phones get 'text walking' lanes in Antwerp, Belgium
Heavy goat traffic today, expect delays
Lawsuit: Man Loses Testicle After Drunk Boss Yanks It During Boat Ride
Rachel Dolezal Once Cried 'White Discrimination' In Lawsuit Against Howard University Before Spokane NAACP Days
Colorado Man Shoots Himself in Foot - Just to Know How it Feels
Spotify changed the color of its icon and it's driving people crazy.
The No. 1 Reason Americans Are Getting Fatter: We're Not Smoking
The singer from Smash Mouth is not a pigeon, so please don't throw bread at him
Head of NAACP chapter resigns after revealing she was only pretending to be black.
Goats Gone Wild! Video Shows Berkeley Labs' Grass-Munching, Fire-Prevention Goats Herded Down Hill
It's illegal to donate beer to charity in Mass. and that's weird
School to offer a Fault in Our Fiction course all about John Green
Ford GT to race at 24 Hours Le Mans in 2016
Password service warns users to change their, yep, passwords
Study: Sex And Alcohol Make You Happier Than Having Kids And Religion
Poker player accidentally enters the wrong tournament, learns the game at the table, and wins the whole thing.
Victory for Jamie Oliver in the U.S. as McDonald's is forced to stop using 'pink slime' in its burger recipe
One hell of a proposition with serious stakes for pro lifers
'It wasn't me,' says suspect in haunted house clown attack
Colorado Supreme Court Rules Workers Can Be Fired For Using Marijuana Off-Duty
Colorado Supreme Court: Employers can fire for off-duty pot use
Delhi's law minister arrested for lying about law degree, quits
California Assemblyman Accidentally Votes For State Budget While On Facebook
Killer Mike Running for Georgia State Representative
Two women, child get into wild brawl in Walmart shampoo aisle
SmashMouth lead singer unleashes verbal tirade after being hit with a loaf of bread.
Town group wants local law requiring eradication of poison ivy
Man Robs Bank With Sex Toy, Prompts Bomb Squad Response
Group of Tennessee moonshiners tries to kidnap runner wearing "tight shorts" during the 2015 Franklin Half Marathon
Police: Md. ice cream truck driver gunned down in front of kids
White Supremacist wants to build Aryan enclave with Indiegogo crowdfunding campaign
Rachel Dolezal sued Howard University in 2002, said it favored black students
Buried in the source code of Jeb Bush's Website is a summary of Die Hard
Average Americans think 23% of population are gay or lesbian; only 3.8% are
Buried in Jeb Bush Website, a 'Die Hard' Surprise
Irony alert: Password-storing company is hacked
Call Gnomeland Security - Ivybridge garden turned into a Gnome Man's Land...
Colorado High Court Says Workers Can Be Fired for Off-Duty Marijuana Use
Blackhawks stock dressing room with sparkling grape juice for underage Teravainen
Iowa Supreme Court rules that residents have a right to be drunk on their front porch
The fake battle that fooled IS supporters - and their opponents
Getting drunk on your own front porch is not illegal, rules US court
Riverhead High School Senior Honored For 13 Years Of Perfect Attendance
Eat in public in Oman during Ramadan and face jail.
Jeb Bush Says He Will Run as a Political Outsider
Fox psychiatrist blames transgender people for white woman who pretended to be black
Determined 81-year-old man fails Class 10 exams for FORTY-SIXTH time
This 81-Year-Old Man Has Failed His Class 10 Exams. For The 46th Time!
Pakistani tribal court convicts 10 year old boy of extra-marital affair.
One of the most popular password security companies just admitted it was hacked
Leading password security company gets hacked; customers advised to change their master passwords
Jirga convicts 10 year old boy of extra marital affairs.
Sony announces Shenmue III, Final Fantasy VII remake
Canberra Couple Destroy High School Diplomas After Learning Gay People Also Allowed to Graduate
Islamic State Publishes 'How to Survive in the West' Handbook for Jihadi Secret Agents - And It's Hilarious
Alabama's Jonathan Medley accused of having sex with wife's dog because 'she paid more attention to the dog than him'
Colorado Man Pleads Guilty To Killing His Computer With Eight Shots From 9MM Pistol
Pool Repairman Saves Squirrel With CPR (VIDEO)
Father Of Alleged Dallas Shooter Blames 'Liberal People' For Rampage
Pool repairman saves drowning squirrel using CPR
Escort Named "Throatzilla" Alleges Cowboys Rookie La'el Collins Didn't Pay Her for "Eating His A**"
Prince performs 'secret' show for Obamas
MILF rebels surrender arms in the Philippines.
MILF rebels hand over arms in the Philippines
PRIVACY ADVOCATES RESIGN IN PROTEST OVER U.S. FACIAL-RECOGNITION CODE OF CONDUCT
John Hagee Calls For "Prosecuting Women Who Say God's Name During Intercourse"
Mumbai C G @ 3500/- Call On 09545203393
Rachel Dolezal resigns from African-American advocacy group amid allegations she is masquerading as black woman
Man Dies After Being Served Detergent Instead of Wine
'I'm too fat to go to jail' Says Morbidly Obese Motorist Who Caused Jogger's Death
New UAE Online Law: Dh250,000 fine for swearing on WhatsApp
Dalit girl severly beaten after her shadow falls on high caste muscleman
Rachel Dolezal sued Howard University for race discrimination in 2002
With the advent of consumerism, items earlier considered luxury have now become a need in such a way that not having these items creates problems to people, now. However, a ...
Michigan school system uses 1980s home computer to control heating for entire district
Woman claims she and sues eBay for not letting her sell it
Why is the Natural History Museum trying to turn moths 'gay'?
Obese driver who killed jogger after running red light says she's 'too overweight to go to prison'
Natural History Museum turns moths 'gay' to save exhibits
Where Racewalking Is King, Doping Is, Too
NAACP Leader Resigns - over accusations that she was misrepresenting her race
Rachel Dolezal 'sued university for racism'
Distracted GOP lawmaker accidentally OKs California budget
Thousands Of Unsold New Cars Are Being Abandoned And Left To Die In Lots. This Is Insane.
'Stop Googling your symptoms', teenage cancer victim told before death
Argentine province requires hospital clowns by law
Rachel Dolezal Says She Identifies As Black
Parents Under Investigation After 11-Year-Old Plays Alone in Yard for 90 Minutes
Man captures photo of raccoon 'riding an alligator'
British banks consider Emoji as password replacement
Dalit Girl Beaten Up By Women From Higher Caste Because Her Shadow Fell On Their Family
Zimbabweans trade in old currency for peanuts
Couple Becomes World's Oldest Newlyweds After Waiting 27 Years To Marry
Fifa says Nobel board's termination of relationship against 'spirit of fair play'
Why Mathematicians Are Hoarding This Special Type of Japanese Chalk
Jurassic World dinosaurs criticised by paleontologists
Pittsburgh Man Charged With Robbing Bank With a Sex Toy
جدول مواعيد مسلسلات رمضان 2015 خريطة قنوات مسلسلات رمضان 1436هـ مع توقيت كل مسلسل فى الشهر الكريم وقائمة افضل المسلسلات الرمضانية
Rachel Dolezal has a right to be black
A man has died in Spain After after ordering a glass of wine but instead given a dishwater detergent by mistake.
Pipe Bomb Turns Out To Be Pot Package In Sparta
Peru capitulates to United States on health: Wikileaks
Jeb Bush campaign site hides Die Hard plot synopsis in the source code
Safe pot? Tell that to the 62 kids who died
Kim Kardashian West Won't Name Second Child 'South'
Province Hires External Consultant to Review Practice of Hiring External Consultants
Nestle to destroy noodles worth $50m
Dog taken by rogue wave a "victim of climate change"
Man gets drunk, steals bacon and a TV, then falls asleep on someone's lawn.
Canna - a tiny Scottish island in the Hebrides - registers its first crime in over 50 years
German traffic light stays red for 28 years
Crisis patient: 'Doctor told me to eat a cupcake'
China screens Star Wars in cinemas for first time nearly four decades late.
Bar patio shut down due to lack of flowers.
Hebridean island of Canna shocked by first crime in decades
Witches are furious at Etsy for banning the sale of spells.
Graveyard is a 'death trap'
Conservatives say Obama's plan to ban trans fats limits American freedom
St. Louis Cardinals Investigated by F.B.I. for Hacking Astros
Man chokes fiancée for trash talking NASCAR
Knifeman Leon McTaggart stabbed Quinton chip shop boss for forgetting his order
This time, Donald Trump says he's running
What happens when an entire country becomes infested with demons?
Morbidly obese motorist who caused jogger's death says she's too fat to be jailed
Mother who faked abortion to give away baby jailed
Court: Iowa Residents Have Right to Be Drunk on Front Porch
[Spanish] Government to tax consumers who store their own renewable energy
Donald Trump announces he's running for president
Donald Trump announces candidacy for president
Police officers shut down little girls' 'illegal' lemonade stand
World's biggest porn star Mia Khalifa backs campaign to get the DAUSAGE to a shop near you
Donald Trump Runs for President (This Time for Real, He Says)
Donald Trump announces candidacy for president | Toronto Star
If everyone on the planet consumed as much as the average US citizen, four Earths would be needed to sustain them.
3 little pig houses left at Ohio road where semi crashed
Mystery '3 Little Pig' houses pop up where semi crashed, piglets still on the loose
Donald Trump Enters 2016 Presidential Race
Trump officially running for president
California balcony collapses killing five people, including some Irish
FBI investigates Cardinals for hacking Astros
Trump jumps in: The Donald's latest White House run is officially on
Donald Trump to run for president in 2016
Man Sends Lookalike To Paternity Test To Avoid Paying Child Support
Is It Wrong To Treat Sex Offenders' Erectile Dysfunction?
Man sends lookalike to paternity test to avoid paying child maintenance
Morbidly obese motorist who caused jogger's death 'too fat to be jailed'
Where Racewalking Is King, the Antidoping Officials Are Busy
--- SHENMUE 3 --- The Wait is OVER!!!!
Rachel Dolezal: Former Spokane NAACP President sued university who discriminated against her 'for being white' - Mirror Online
The FBI is investigating the Cardinals for hacking the Astros
NAACP leader who called herself black sued university for discriminating against her as white - The DC Post
Teacher offended by Shakespeare's 'white' male perspective
St. Louis Cardinals under investigation by FBI for hacking Houston Astros
GOP Lawmaker Distracted By Facebook Accidentally Votes To OK California Budget
Police Have One Hour Stand-Off With Snake, Find Out It's An Ornament
Ảo thuật gia đi bộ trên mặt nước hồ Tây
Donald Trump is running for president in 2016.
Rachel Dolezal breaks her silence on TODAY: 'I identify as black'
Donald Trump refers to immigrants as "rapists" in presidential campaign launch
22 FACES ALL MUSLIMS WILL RECOGNISE
'Dog Racism' Decried at Co-op That May Use DNA Tests to Ban Breeds
FBI investigating St. Louis Cardinals for hacking Houston Astros
Woman Drives Drunk To Scene Of Husband's DWI, Gets DWI Too
"It's good family fun! It's nice to root for the underdick." Third Annual Smallest Penis in Brooklyn Pageant
Snitch Parents Say Rachel Dolezal Never Used Brown Crayons, Only Peach
Front Row at the Smallest Penis Pageant
Church could convert to video games, arcade venue
Police have standoff with a snake before realising it was actually a GARDEN ORNAMENT
Ex-NAACP leader Rachel Dolezal: 'I identify as black'
Donald Trump launches 2016 presidential bid
Smash Mouth singer swears and threatens gig crowd after being pelted with bread
Donald Trump Says He's Running For President
Sonic wants to sell you Kevin Durant's used straw
St. Louis Cardinals May Have Hacked the Astros, FBI Probe Finds
Women's race apologises after winners are greeted by bikini-clad models [X-Posted from /r/bicycling)
Woman Comes Out as Canine
Women's race apologises after winners are greeted by bikini-clad models
GOP Congressman Jokes That The VA Should Run ISIS
Rachel Dolezal, ex-NAACP leader: 'I identify as black'
Jeb Bush's campaign website is "all in" for the Die Hard franchise
Donald Trump: I'm rich, and I'm running for president
Donald Trump pledges to be 'greatest jobs president that God ever created'
Man 'has sex with dog to get revenge on wife for giving it too much attention'
Man accused of dressing as doctor to steal drugs resigns from job at jail
Donald Trump thinks pretty much everyone is a loser
GOP lawmaker distracted by Facebook accidentally OKs California budget
Donald Trump vows to build border wall, says Mexico will pick up tab
Male Teen Has Consensual Sex with Female Teen. He Gets 25 Years as Sex Offender, Banned from Internet.
Donald Trump enters race for presidency
Ron Paul's apocalypse is now
Donald Trump announces 2016 run
Not-so-guilty pleasure: Viewing cat videos boosts energy and positive emotions, IU study finds
Snap and punt: Giants' Steve Weatherford to host selfie seminar
Man thinks girlfriend is dead until she shows up alive
She Googled Her Symptoms, Doctors Ignored Her, Now She's Dead - The Daily Beast
Two Canadian Cities Have Banned Mermaids (and Mermen) from Public Pools.
NAACP leader sued black college alleging discrimination
Scottish island's first crime since 1960s
Donald Trump: 'I have a Gucci store that's worth more than Romney'
Rachel Dolezal Now Claiming to Be Founding Member of Bad Brains
UAE passes law against swearing on social media. Fine of up to usd70'000, jail time and deportation for expats.
Supreme court denies law firm payment for defending right to be paid
420 lb. motorist who killed a jogger when she ran a red light begs judge not to jail her claiming she is 'too fat for prison'
Florida lawmakers pass tax cut for rich people who spend more than $1 million on yacht repairs
Donald Trump: 'I am officially running for president of the United States'
Meet Jerry Hartfield. A judge overturned his conviction 35 years ago. He's still in prison, waiting.
Gay men arrested in Morocco because they 'stood too close to each other'
The barrister of an obese driver who killed jogger after running red light says she's 'too overweight to go to prison'
Colorado State University Offers Major In Making Beer
Woman claims she owns the sun and sues eBay for not letting her sell it
Tropico 5: 'El Presidente' seeks revenge on Thailand
Stephen Hawking's son used to put swear words into his dad's speech machine
Stephen Hawking's Son: I Programmed Swear Words Into My Dad's Voice Box
Donald Trump Says He'd 'Win Easily' If He Ran With Oprah
Doctors remove woman's reproductive organs accidentally because of her tattoos
Dolezal Wanted to Boycott Exodus for Casting White Actors as Africans
Man has sex with wife's dog as revenge
Utah politician says he won't eat until the state bans same-sex marriage
Man Robs Bank Using Sex Toy Disguised As Bomb, Police Say
Competitors put best foot forward for toe wrestling championship
420 pound motorist who sped through a red light and killed a jogger claims she's too fat for jail
China Wants To Ban "Your Mum" From Its Internet
Disabled Man Tricked Into Eating Deadly Maggot And Poo Sandwich
'Professor of Lego' to be hired by Cambridge University
Girl arrives to prom in an ambulance to win 'best entrance'.
Milwaukee Art Museum acquires portrait of Pope Benedict made of condoms
Officials: Armed man robs Haddonfield Rite Aid carrying traffic cone, carjacks priest
Swearing in Arlington, Va., will cost you $250 in fines under new ordinance
Bird flu leads to cheaper chicken in U.S.
US police officers 'caught eating marijuana brownies' after dispensary raid
Utah university adds texting lane to stairwell
Blondes 'to die out in 200 years'
Vladimir Putin opens Russian 'military Disneyland' Patriot Park
Military sexual misconduct due to 'biological wiring,' Gen. Tom Lawson says
Man arrested for smashing TVs with bat in Hawaii Walmart
Man arrested for smashing TVs with bat in Hawaii Walmart - Hawaii News Now
ISIS fighters complain that Saudi jihadis are favouring their own friends and family for bombing missions
Canadian Mint staff expensed stay at luxury Mexican resort
Woman asks for $1 million, or she'll have an abortion
Pakistan tribal court convicts 10-year-old boy for 'affair' with married woman
"Donald Trump was not authorized to use 'Rockin' in the Free World' in his presidential candidacy announcement," Young, 69, told the Los Angeles Times... "Neil Young, a Canadian citizen, is a supporter of Bernie Sanders for president of the United States of America."
Bees contribute more to British economy than Royal Family
ISIS Confused by Trump's Hotel Analogies
Man shot himself in the head 'to test whether gun was empty'
California lawmaker distracted by Facebook, votes wrong way
City Bus Drivers Protest Vision Zero Law By Driving More Carefully
Donald Trump Says Trump/Oprah Ticket Would Be Unstoppable In White House Race
Man Claims He Found a Fried Rat in His KFC Meal
Elizabeth Warren: The Tuition Is Too Damn High
Mother and children left ill after finding big disgusting worm in Salmon!! Eww!!
Toilet Paper Company Wishes Moms a Happy Fathers Day
"When in doubt, drink on the roof": Woman falls to death after Instagram posts
Trump wants Oprah on his ticket
Hebridean island of Canna shocked by first crime in years
Noshing moth menaces misled into male-on-male mating
'I'm really rich': Donald Trump claims $9bn fortune during campaign launch
CCTV Captures Minion Balloon's Museum Tour
Lion kills man after escaping Tbilisi Zoo during floods
Rachel Dolezal: There is "No Biological Proof" I am not Black
French minister says Nutella spread 'damages environment'
Predator kills man after escaping Tbilisi Zoo during floods
Heinz shocks punter with porno promo code
Calif. Lawmaker Gets Distracted; Votes For Budget By Mistake
She Googled Her Symptoms, Doctors Ignored Her, Now She's Dead
Stop eating Nutella and save the forests, urges French ecology minister
Cardinals Investigated for Hacking Into Astros' Database
Russian Official Proposes International Investigation Into U.S. Moon Landings
'Disabled' daughter charged for Missouri mom's gruesome murder - and she's not disabled, either: cops
Erotic ladies' night in Ulster pub - 'outnumbered' barman fined for serving after hours
FBI accuses St. Louis cardinals of hacking Houston Astros
Peru experimenting with 3,200 children for pharmaceutical clinical trials
Footballer Aaron Ramsey accused of being drunk after tweeting in Welsh
Your Favorite Irish Pub Just Went Inflatable
Testimony is heard a second time in lawsuit involving a Sluggerrr hot dog toss
Watching cat videos are good for you research suggests
Man claims to have found deep fried rat in KFC meal
Comcast possible candidate for T-mobile buyout
Why Women Marry Forgettable Men (But Still Date The Hot Ones)
Minnesota bar has to shut down patio because they did not have enough flowers.
Creepy man with ax frightens woman, leads cops on high-speed chase
NFL's 'oldest cheerleader' pleads guilty to rape of boy, 15
Ellis Island Yacht to Open As America's Most Patriotic Airbnb
Tanzania Police Arrest Man Accused Of Trying To Sell Albino Niece For Witchcraft
Solar rooftop energy harms minorities, claims news outlet tied to utility industry
Anti-circumcision group name Bono as 'Foreskin Enemy #2'
Police: Man robbed of money he stole from Iowa store
Comcast said to be leading suitor in T-Mobile buyout
Mankato Shuts Down Bar Patio over Flowers
In the past, Donald Trump has taken positions to the left of Bernie Sanders.
Burger King launches red burger, sets sights on entire colour spectrum
Runner Gets Abducted by Hillbillies at Franklin Half Marathon
World Chess Champion Magnus Carlsen loses game by running out of time
Police called after woman refuses to leave job interview after being turned down.
Maine woman climbs 75 feet up tree to save cat, gets stuck
Etsy bans the sale of spells and hexes
A factor in shark attack increase: More people in water
LastPast - 'The last password you'll ever need' hacked, users advised to change passwords.
Rachel Dolezal: No "biological proof" I'm my parents' daughter
Mom Fires Gunshots at TV While Kids Watch a Primus Video
Neil Young: Donald Trump wasn't authorized to use my song
Thirty Seconds to Mars Announces Malibu Summer Camp
Rachel Dolezal just needs to own this, stop with this nonsense...
Rachel Dolezal: there is no proof who my parents are
Goldman Sachs Tells Summer Interns to Leave Office by Midnight
Wisconsin city bars use of kangaroos as service animals
Florida woman took selfies during sex with dog inside grandma's house: cops
University implements staircase lanes to separate texters, walkers, runners
Florida man tries to blow up foreclosed home with bowling-ball bomb
The chairman of the ‪Vancouver‬ School Board has resigned after a recent report found that taxpayers could have saved millions by closing schools.
Man to face trial in UAE for swearing in WhatsApp message
Officials warn of dinosaurs on Seattle streets in Twitter exchange
Bottling the smell of dead people won't capture their essence
Miley Cyrus donates Caitlyn Jenner artwork, raises $69K for AIDS research.
Dog owner bites Alsatian in bid to save her Yorkshire terrier near Ipplepen
The cutest octopus ever may end up with the name 'adorabilis'
Rachel Dolezal's brother, author Joshua Dolezal, faces trial for alleged sexual abuse of a black child
The king with 100 wives
Why Bitch Planet Is Inspiring Women to Get Badass Feminist Tattoos
Russia Just Opened a Theme Park for Warmongers
Shouldn't comment lock have a hover text explanation of whatever the hell comment locked is?
Watch: Driver branded a cereal offender
Korean Newspaper Runs Headline Proclaiming Chicago Bears Stanley Cup Champs
Shooting suspect sought by police arrested wearing 'can't hide' shirt.
Over 1,000 US schools still teach Creationism during science class
Idiot robbers blurt out name then confess on Facebook
Toronto restaurateur Jen Agg to hold panel on sexual harassment and abuse in kitchens
Driver branded a cereal offender
Republican says he doesn't get his economic policies from religious leaders.
Abandoned Vehicle Left in Business Parking Lot
Amnesty International: Egyptian teenager has been in jail for over 500 days - for wearing an anti-torture T-shirt
Springdale PD: Help Identify This Man Seen Masturbating in Public
Goldman Sachs tells its interns not to work more than 17 hours per day
These 21 Republicans Voted Against a Torture Ban: The opposition in the effort to make sure that American interrogators never inflict severe pain or mental anguish on prisoners again
Surfers' Rectums Offer A Promising New Venue For Antibiotic Resistance Research
Meet the Gay Mormon Men (and Their Wives) Beseeching SCOTUS to Save 'Traditional' Marriage
Boy Who Lost Stuffed Tiger At Airport Finds Tiger Stayed Very Busy
University of Toronto Boasts about Homeless Star Student
Threesome ends in stabbing death
Woman claims she's too fat to go to jail
Lego professor to start at Cambridge University next year
BOBCAT TAKES BITE OUT OF SHARK ON FLA. BEACH
Wisconsin family receives threats for Father's Day photo shoot
Goldman Sachs tells interns to take it easy and only work 17 hours a day
Government Says GMO's Are Safe Because No Official Tests Show Otherwise, Government Refuses Official Test
ABERDEEN TO PLAY HOST TO SHETLAND PONY OLYMPICS
Rachel Dolezal to NBC: "No Biological Proof" My White Parents Gave Birth to Me
Goldman Sachs bans interns from staying overnight at the office
Chicago Bears win Stanley Cup, Korean newspaper reports
Etsy infuriates the witch community with its ban on selling spells
Wisconsin City Bans Use of Kangaroos as Service Animals
Angel Soft Celebrates Single Moms for Father's Day
Russian official calls for investigation into U.S. moon landing
This Cavaliers Fan Inked This '2015 NBA Champs' Tattoo To His Leg
Heinz apologizes for ketchup bottle QR code tied to porn site
Jennifer Lawrence to earn up to twice as much as Chris Pratt with next film Passengers in small victory for gender pay equality
Southern Electric van driver wearing cape and high heels confronted in forest by angry horse and trap riders
The Bizarre Fansite Dedicated To North Korean Traffic Girls
Five ACTION officers charged in fake ticket probe
French Official Warns Eating Nutella Leading To Deforestation, Global Warming
Car dealer fires former gang member after Syracuse.com story about his success
Natural History Museum is trying to turn male moths gay - to protect exhibits
John Kasich Loves Linkin Park, Despite Not Being 14 Years Old
Rattlesnake found spray-painted pink in Utah
Virginia just banned using "cuss words" in public.
Check Out Taco Bell's New Upscale Restaurant
Sweden announces first centre for raped men
Yulin Dog Meat 'Festival of cruelty' to slaughter 10,000 dogs
Plaza Hotel Cancels Kiddie Swimsuit Competition
FDA Finds Thousands of Coors Light Beers Laced With Cocaine Nationwide
Volusia County man fatally shoots himself after questioning if gun still loaded
Florida man checking if gun was loaded puts gun to head, pulls trigger and kills himself.
Utah Valley University creates a "texting lane" for busy staircase
University in Utah Installs 'Texting Lane' on Stairs
Lindsey Graham Shoots Clay Pigeons, Offers Tax Increases to Democrats
Wealthy say they shouldn't be put out by drought: 'We're not all equal when it comes to water'
Derry man head-butted himself: court told
Tiny Scottish Island Experiences First Crime in 50 Years With Six Wooly Hats Stolen
Donald Trump: Actors Offered $50 to Cheer for Him at Campaign Announcement
LeBron James Decapitates Haters
Little Rock Air Force Base Gunman Thought The Military Was Spying On Him Through His Chandelier
Donald Trump Campaign Offered Actors $50 to Cheer for Him at Presidential Announcement
Dolezal describes herself as "transracial" and draws parallels to Caitlyn Jenner
Utah University Adds Texting and Walking Lane to Its Stairs
Oldest Banded Bald Eagle Dies After Being Hit By A Car
France and Italy Are Going to War Over... Nutella?
Woman who framed man for rape: 'It was hell'
Wis. city bars use of kangaroos as service animals
LA County Cops Attribute Spike in Accidental Shootings to Fancy New Gun
Goldman Sachs restricts intern workday to 17 hours in wake of burnout death
Kangaroos Out As Service Animals
The US Government is Replacing Alexander Hamilton With a Woman on the $10 Bill
Vivienne to make Relentlessly gay yard, more relentless, gayer
House Republicans look to extend Obamacare subsidies
Kim Kardashian Writes Letter to Future Self, Asks If She's Still On Fleek
Cops raid medical marijuana dispensary, kick everyone out, destroy "all" the surveillance cameras, eat the edibles, play darts and make fun of a disable patron.
Terrifying fish walks on land, breathes air, threatens to destroy Australia
Toronto introduces sports-inspired condoms in time for Pan Am Games
Woman's Yorkie Dies After Being Hit With Cupcake Rack In Argument
Oregon bill would make strangling a pregnant woman a felony
Italian neurosurgeon to attempt first head transplant
Arkansas Cops Hunt Man Seen Masturbating Outside Kum & Go Convenience Store
Rachel Dolezal receives 50k porn offer from WeFuckBlackGirls.com
CIA didn't know strike would hit al-Qaeda leader
Donald Trump's presidential announcement sparks questions of crippling bath salts addiction
Naked backpackers didn't cause the Malaysian earthquake, but cultural ignorance on this scale should be just as shocking
Cat Hitches Ride to Alaska in Mattress, Reunites With Family
12-year-old Ohio State fan names his brain tumor 'Michigan'
SJW question of the year
Poll: Americans Lose Confidence in Everything
Deadmau5 Isn't Happy About A New Musical Parodying His Career for the Toronto Fringe Festival (titled Dead Mouse:The Musical)
Drunkard ingests 250g of concrete
James Franco film set crashed by meth-toting man on motorized bike
Deadmau5 Isn't Happy About A New Musical Parodying His Career
Emerson College Will Offer a BFA in Comedic Arts Next Year
Buy a Flat, Get a Free Porsche as China Developers Rush to Sell
Clinton Campaign Hires Unpaid Labor as She Tackles Youth Unemployment
Carly for America has to change its name to CARLY for America, because the FEC is LOL
Donald Trump reportedly paid actors $50 to cheer for him at his 2016 announcement
Milwaukee Man Puts a "Welcome to Cleveland" Sign On His Roof to Mess With People on Planes
Woman's yard called 'relentlessly gay,' so she raises money to make it even more 'relentlessly gay'
Donald Trump 'very good candidate,' Rob Ford says
Market Rate SoHo Tenant Will Turn His Music Down If Rent-Stabilized Neighbor Pays $5,500
Man claims KFC served him a deep-fried rat.
Goldman Sachs tells investment bank interns to be home by midnight
Oregon bill would make choking a pregnant woman a felony
Rachel Dolezal Called For A Boycott Of 'Exodus' Because White Actors Played African Roles.
Latest Hot Selling Ladies Bags 2014 - Buy Ladies Bags 2014,Pure Leather Bags,Big Black Bags For Women Product on Alibaba.com
Fashion Style Men's Messenger Bag - Buy Men's Messenger Bag,Men's Messenger Bag,Men's Messenger Bag Product on Alibaba.com
Rob Zombie to Direct Groucho Marx Biopic
Car dealer fires former gang member after story about his success
China Has More Intel Agents Living In California Than The FBI
Conspiracy theorists ponder if military attacked Texas with storms ahead of Jade Helm
Swiss say stray Venezuela golf balls violate Vienna Convention
Vegan DJ Moby Beefs With California Farmers Over Drought Crisis
Judge bans mother from breastfeeding 11-month-old son because she got a tattoo
Donald Trump Says He'd Like Oprah as His Running Mate for President
Donald Trump says he'd like Oprah as his vice president
Indians pray at visa temples to go abroad
Christian Homeowner Threatens Neighbor Over 'Relentlessly Gay' Rainbow Yard Lamps, Because Children
Ex-Uber driver says her phone-sex business helped her tackle Uber
The latest RC machines from Beijing's 2015 Hobby Expo
Lindsay Lohan: Ayahuasca Changed My Life
[Meta] Onion or Not? Game kinda exposes how far this subreddit has strayed from its purpose.
Doom launched by Bethesda at E3 2015, swiftly criticised for being too violent
Christian Complains That Neighbor's Colorful Yard is Becoming "Relentlessly Gay"
Baby punched in the face at Central Railway Station
Channing Tatum: I like the broom from Fantasia
Man charged over punching baby in face
Breast Milk Trade Sparks Syphilis Warning
Putin Built a New Amusement Park Where Kids Can Play with Grenade Launchers and Tanks
Russia calls investigation into whether US moon landings happened
Churches introduce FACIAL RECOGNITION to keep track of members' attendance
Jilted lover saws ex's belongings in half and sells them on eBay
Kerala: Cable Operator Mixes up Pen Drive, Screens Porn at Kalpetta KSRTC Bus Stand for 30 Minutes
Customer Claims KFC Served Him a Fried Rat
Most read Live feeds Top Videos News Politics Football Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGALTON TOWERSNEXT LABOUR LEADERFATHER'S DAYPRINCE GEORGEELEANOR HAWKINS Sport Technology Money Travel Fashion Sex toys account for a massive 30 per cent of all items left in hotel rooms, study finds
Pub will name men's toilets in your honour - if you make £244 donation
Hunt for Viking DNA in Normandy riles anti-racism campaigners who fear the results could contribute to increasing xenophobia in France
UK Catholic hermit charged with harassment for trying to convert lesbian witches
Cristiano Ronaldo gets his own galaxy
City officials have changed Beaver Dam, Wisconsin's rules on service animals after a woman took a baby kangaroo into a McDonald's restaurant.
Teen charged after dead cow parts found on school campus
Heinz apologizes after QR code on bottle took man to porn site
The logic question six-year-olds can answer, but leaves adults baffled
Boris Johnson caught telling black cab driver to 'f*** off and die'
Teenager 'took selfies as she had sex with dog in her grandma's house'
A man from Alabama had sex with dog to get revenge on wife for giving it too much attention.
Boris Johnson caught on film telling London black taxi driver: 'F*** off and die'
This Stinks! Bill Gates Organization Fined $30,000 Due to Horse Manure
Former gang member fired by car dealership after local newspaper publishes success story about turning his life around (x-post from r/news)
Firefighters free girl with foot stuck in Minions Robot
Woman told to tone down her 'relentlessly gay' garden
Board Accused of 'Dog Racism' Says New Policy is For Residents' Own Good
LSD for breakfast makes you better at your job, scientist says
City Bans Kangaroos As Service Animals After Woman Booted From McDonald's
Man breaks up with girlfriend, decides to split all of their possessions in half and sell them on eBay, including a sofa and TV
Man Faces Hefty Fine for Swearing on WhatsApp
Prophet Dies After Being Buried Alive and Not Resurrecting
Intimate photos of almost 400 Adelaide women, posted on a US site in revenge porn
UAE man faces $68,000 fine for swearing on WhatsApp
Ralph Nader Is Finally About to Open His Super-Exciting Museum About Tort Law
Heinz forced to apologise after QR code on ketchup bottle linked to hardcore porn site
Warning over poor cooking skills among teenagers
Bitter ex cuts possessions in half, posts them on eBay
Penguin From Flooded Tbilisi Zoo Swims To Azerbaijani Border
Barack Obama will appear on Marc Maron's 'WTF' podcast
Fox host freaks out over 'Marxist' Pope Francis: He is 'the most dangerous person on the planet'
Police: Man drives himself to station, asks for DUI arrest
Donald Trump says he has no regrets about '16 kickoff speech
US Military Confirms Jade Helm 15 Is About Infiltration Of America As Blue Bell Ice Cream Caught In Huge Lie
Thieves steal six woolly hats in first island robbery in 50 years
Donald Trump calls Fox News critic in wheelchair a "loser" who "just sits there"
EU fines Bonduelle, Prochamp 32 mln euros for mushroom cartel
Charleston newspaper printed a gun shop coupon over today's shooting headline
Pet Alert: Dog gets high while walking with owner
Woman criticised by Christian neighbours for having a 'relentlessly gay' garden
Senran Kagura's Producer Says Small Breasts Are Hard To Work With
"I love sex," says Freya. "And you know, I'm pretty good at it. So getting a sugar daddy - or two - was a no-brainer really." -Quote from Article
A teenager was killed after using Find My iPhone app to track stolen smartphone
Chesapeake church sign links equal rights to Satan
GANGSTA RAP FANS BAFFLED AS THE GETO BOYS BUST OUT 'ALL IN THE FAMILY' THEME AT CONCERT
Moving Wikipedia From Computer to Many, Many Bookshelves
Toxic Shock: Why This Woman Is Suing a Tampon Company After Losing Her Leg
Charleston Newspaper Places Gun Ad Above Mass Shooting Headline
Nikki Haley Defends Confederate Flag: CEOs Haven't Complained
Florida man checks gun's chamber by putting it to his head and pulling trigger, kills self
Sonic is auctioning off the candy used in Kevin Durant's slushy commercial. Each comes with a hand signed certificate of authenticity. One item is being sold for as high as $10,000.
London councillor wants to ban 'FIFA' games after corruption scandal
What's blamed for California's drought? Basically everything
Woman arrested for not returning VHS tape for 10 years
Science Shows that Watching Cat Videos is Good for You
Indian Man Loses Long Legal Battle over His Own Birth
Fox News calls Pope Francis 'the most dangerous person on the planet'
Lightning delays Blackhawks Stanley Cup Parade
There's something odd about Donald Trump's Facebook page
Tanzania Police Arrest Man Who Tried to Sell Albino Niece for Body Parts
Lightning Delays the Blackhawks Cup Parade
WOMAN ARRESTED FOR FAILING TO RETURN RENTED 2005 JANE FONDA FILM 'MONSTER-IN-LAW'
Etsy has banned the sale of witchcraft and witches are pissed
McKinney pool party organizer poses in bikinis to 'jumpstart' a 'modeling career' off the situation
Man has no room for 'Game of Thrones'-inspired dildo Iron Throne, now selling it on eBay
Writer Cormac McCarthy's ex-wife arrested after pulling pistol from vagina and threatening boyfriend
The Duo joins your Apple Watch and a traditional watch together on one wrist
White Supremacists Worried Charleston Shooting Makes Them Look Bad
Votes for 16-year-olds will make them more vulnerable to sexual predators, Labour MP says
Maury Povich Wants Rachel Dolezal to Do Paternity Test on His Show
Charleston paper puts gun ad on Church shooting front page
'Dead people' would be banned from driving in N.J. under proposed law
"Fox & Friends" just can't stop the spin: In the wake of Charleston, we must arm our pastors and priests
Gilbert Arenas smashes ex-girlfriend's car with cinder block for losing his Netflix password
THE 2015 SPRING PRODUCT GUIDE: PRE-WORKOUT SUPPLEMENTS - Bodybuilding-supplementse
Charleston newspaper puts gun ad above front page story about church shooting
Arkansas man who run a dog rescue shelter was sexually abusing them
Mayor compares Jesus to Superman in debate over road sign
Newspaper Apologizes after it Warned Readers "The Sun Just Exploded, and we are All About to Die"
Bank robber caught after stopping at restaurant for biscuits gets 2 to 4 years in prison
Retirement home seeks money (from family) for rent and food because no prior notice was given of the sudden death of resident (their mother)
Oregonian Names 2016 Restaurant of the Year Restaurant not yet named or built-out, but chef is good
Is South Carolina Just Gonna Fly That Confederate Flag Today or What?
Drunken raccoon stumbles around New York beer warehouse
Boy steals penguin from zoo
Man accused of firing shot at George Zimmerman has been charged with attempted murder
Texas ag commissioner lays out plan to curb childhood obesity, allows deep fryers in schools
Florida man checks if gun is loaded by putting it to head, pulling trigger; kills self
Lego promoting unrealistic body image
Ketchup Gone Wild: QR Code On Heinz Ketchup Bottle Links To Hardcore Porn Site
Utah School Introduces 'Texting' Walk Lane For Students Who Can't Look Up From Their Phones
Area Man Can't For Life Of Him Figure Out This Whole Poncho Thing
Lighting delays Blackhawks' Stanley Cup Parade
Scorned husband gives ex half of everything he owns - literally
Will South Carolina fly its confederate flag at half mast?
Etsy Won't Let Witches Sell Spells
The May CNN/ORC poll showed that 59% of Republican and Republican-leaning independents under the age of 50 supported a constitutional right for gays and lesbians to marry, while 61% did not.
Police Seized a 24-Year-Old's Life Savings Without Charging Him with a Crime
Batman Themed Father's Day Photoshoot On Train Tracks Causes Outrage, Death Threats
Vile racist orgy is against Leicester City FC's robust stance of racism and equality
Red Sox bench Pablo Sandoval for using Instagram during game
Study: People Who Watch Cat Videos Are Shyer, Spend More Time Online
Woman criticised by Christian neighbours for having a 'relentlessly gay' garden is crowdfunding to make her house even gayer
For the First Time in the Series, Madden 16 Will Have Women in its Crowds
Despite mourning, [South Carolina] statehouse Confederate battle flag remains at full staff
Schools saying 'it's OK to be gay' should be liable if kids get STDs, Michigan legislator says
Savvy fan fetches $3,000 for Sanders-signed urinal
Every S.C. statehouse flag is at half staff -- except the confederate one
Jesus miracle church in Israel damaged 'by arson'
Mum's extreme task for kid who wants to see Pitch Perfect 2
Man cuts possessions in half after split from girlfriend
Behold, the world's first vagina beauty pageant
Car thief calls taxi after struggling to drive stick shift, police say
Red Sox ban Sandoval for mid-game Instagram flirting
Lightning delays Blackhawks' Stanley Cup parade - no, really
Despite mourning, statehouse Confederate battle flag remains at full staff
The strange case of 'Ozzie' the Australian cat who turned up in Northern Ireland (x-post /r/worldnews)
Roseville charter to Colorado school: Stop using the name John Adams
The strange case of 'Ozzie' the Australian cat who turned up in Northern Ireland
Yes, androids do dream of electric sheep
The Pokémon porn parody features a character named Dikachu
Parminder Singh Pumma, India's 'most outraged man', speaks out
Vladimir Putin creates 'military Disneyland' where youngsters can ride tanks, play with grenade launchers and eat army rations.
Veterans group gets pot donation Shop gives Grape Krush for local Disabled American Veterans chapter
Royals mascot Sluggerrr cleared of wrongdoing in hot dog accident
Writer Cormac McCarthy's ex-wife arrested after pulling pistol from vagina and threatening boyfriend after an argument about 'space aliens.'
South Carolina capitol flying Confederate flag at full height while lowering U.S. one to half-staff following Charleston shooting
LIST: Obama Lies, Says Mass Shootings Don't Happen in Other Countries
New Hitman releasing unfinished, will get free content updates
No need to investigate windfarms or alien abduction, says Greens leader Richard Di Natale
Gilbert Arenas destroys his own vehicles over lost Netflix password
Berkeley Gladstone seeks money for rent and food after death
Questions: Was The SC Church Shooter Dylann Roof Coerced? Drugged? A Crisis For Obama's UN Gun Control? (VIDEOS)
Germans exposed to Nazi propaganda more likely to be racist than those who weren't
Utah Valley University creates a 'texting lane' for a busy staircase
Man chokes wife for finishing leftover chicken
[★TRENDING] Girl in vegetative state wakes up from coma upon hearing a K-Pop song
Gun-Wielding Robber Returns Wallet, Phone as Victim Prays for Him Out Loud
Hacked federal files couldn't be encrypted because government computers are too old
Obsessed Miley Cyrus fan who spent nearly £3,000 getting 29 tattoos of the star has now vowed to get them removed because she said they were 'creepy'
How the Red Cross Raised Half a Billion Dollars for Haiti ­and Built Six Homes
Donald Trump: Unlike me, Hillary Clinton isn't rich enough to be incorruptible
Ark. Police Seek Man Seen Masturbating in Front of Kum & Go Convenience Store
Sheriff Apologizes for Jail Inmate's Death From Dehydration
Fox's Steve Doocy: It's Extraordinary That Charleston Church Shooting Is Being Called A Hate Crime
Priest performs exorcism on entire country of Mexico
Heinz Apologizes For QR Code Linked To Porn Site
Russia Demands Probe into U.S. Moon Landing
Utah Valley University staircase gets a texting lane
Fox News and Lindsey Graham Lament Hate Crime Against Christians
Catholic League president: Pope wrong on climate change because God never said 'air pollution is intrinsically evil'
My local PD awarded $10,000 for a Crime Line tip that led to the discovery of a murdered teenager. The tip came from the suspect of said murder.
Tiger Woods shoots 80 in Round 1 of US Open, gets beaten by 15 year old
Man walks free after police prosecutors fail to find interpreter for assault 'victim'
Los Angeles woman charged with murdering boyfriend by hitting him with canned food
Game of Thrones just delivered a huge shock, and it was due to George R.R. Martin himself
Kim Kardashian Coming To Oakland To Speak On Objectification Of Women In Media
BBC Sport - NFL safety boss says the league could ban helmets one day
Worst Police Sketch Artist Ever
Police take man to hospital after breakdancing high on meth on highway.
Candidate pulls out of one-way mission to Mars citing 'work commitments'
Shopper's rant over 'wonky' bread at Morrisons goes viral
To Curb Spread of HIV, Bengkulu May Limit Condom Sales
Heinz Very, Very Sorry for Link to German Porn Site on Ketchup Bottle
Police send helicopter to rescue Papa Smurf
Latest species to be tracked in national parks: Homo sapiens
Stowaway falls to his death from BA jet on to roof of fashion website's west London HQ
Man in niqab, carrying Peppa Pig rucksack, led away in handcuffs after bomb scare
Fox News: Charleston shooting is an attack on faith, not race-calls for pastors to ...
North Korea Claims It Has Cure for MERS, Ebola and AIDS
FBI: 3 Men Plotted for Months Before Cartoon Contest Attack
Cable and Rod Display Systems
Naked man goes on rampage at Grantchester tea garden near Cambridge, jumps in river and barks at dog
Police Cuff White Grandfather For Walking With His Black Granddaughter
Rachel Dolezal goes birther on...herself: "There's no biological proof Larry and Ruthanne are my parents"
Drunken Man on 'Mobility Scooter' Flees Cops After Exposing Himself to Girl
Bishop E.W. Jackson Calls on Pastors to Bear Arms, Protect Their Flock Amid Fatal Shooting at Historic Charleston Church
Man falls to death after holding onto plane for 8000 miles.
Heinz in PR disaster as QR codes on ketchup link to hardcore porn
Tips to Choose Best Cosmetics Eyeliner
Heinz ketchup bottle QR code leads to hardcore porn site
NRA board member blames Charleston shooting deaths on pastor's vote against guns in churches
Pussy Riot member poses for Terry Richardson
Utah school creates 'texting lane' for phone-focused walkers
Americans Have Lost Confidence ... in Everything
Inside Vladimir Putin's Insane Military Disneyland (For Kids!)
Naked man goes on rampage at Grantchester tea garden near Cambridge, jumps in river and barks at dog Read more: http://www.cambridge-news.co.uk/Naked-man-rampage-Grantchester-tea-garden-near/story-26723760-detail/story.html
Teen takes selfies while getting oral sex from dog at grandma's house
Ingenious Richard Saykally Tells Us Why Water Is Wet
Daycare Worker Says He Accidentally Raped 5-Year-Old Girl During 'Tickle Fight'
How not to fire a gun, as demonstrated by the Brazilian Military Police
Man covered in urine due to restaurant's hand dryer given free socks for a year
Oklahoma Missionary: I Was Possessed by an Evil Spirit and Don't Remember Molesting Those Children
Here's What You Can Do at Russia's 'Military Disneyland'
Breaking News: Woman Comes Out as Canine
A drunk man from Chins eats 250g of concrete thinking it's food
A Disconcerting Number Of Senators Think Edward Snowden's Name Is Eric
A drunk man from China eats 250g of concrete thinking it's food
Rachel Dolezal sips wine, says U.S. currency is white 'political propaganda' in online video
Russian Military Unveil Newly-Developed 'Microwave Gun'
Humans will be extinct in 100 years says eminent scientist
Researchers Claim a Few Cat Videos Per Day Helps Keep the Doctor Away
OSAP to let grads pay off student loans with Aeroplan points
The Moment Two Absolute Idiots Attempted To SURF On A Whale Shark
Russian Businessman Fined for Distributing 'Extremist' Mickey Mouse Jesus Leaflets
How The DEA Seized A College Student's Entire Life Savings, Without Charging Him With A Drug Crime
Judge rules firefighter not guilty of hit and run because he was too drunk to know he'd hit cyclist
NRA board member blames pastor for Charleston deaths
Logan man banned from local movie theater for life
Russia Want Investigation into Moon Landings in Response to FBI's FIFA Probe
Lady Gaga: I Feel Extremely Unaccomplished as a Songwriter
Heinz says sorry for ketchup QR code that links to porn site
Police: Tennessee Couple Stabs Neighbor Who Called 911 To Complain About Their Loud Lovemaking
Stop and stair: University adds a 'texting zombie lane' to busy staircase to prevent accidents
Goldman Sachs Reduces Intern Day to 17 Hours After Death of Bank of America Intern.
UK's Legalization of CD Ripping is Unlawful, Court Rules
University installs 'texting lanes' for distracted walkers
Even millionaires live paycheck to paycheck
QR code on ketchup bottle redirects to porn
'They Will Strafe You,' Bird Expert Says Of Seattle's Dive-Bombing Crows
Sawed-off shotguns legal in Indiana starting July 1
Ellen Pao Officially Found Liable For Roughly $276,000 In Court Fees From Kleiner Perkins
NRA board member blames Charleston Pastor Clementa Pinckney for his own death
Kim Jong-un claims to have cured Aids, Ebola and cancer with single miracle drug
North Korea claims 'cure' for Mers, Aids and Ebola
Russia Doesn't Believe U.S. Landed On The Moon, Wants International Investigation
Man shot dead while testing bulletproof vest with friends
Man shot dead while testing a bulletproof vest with friends
The strange journey of Napoleon's penis
North Korea claims it has cure for ebola and aids
S.C. Confederate flag not lowered after Charleston massacre
Basketball Injury Takes Out Top League Of Legends Player
Texas oil exec stops his car to punch a gay pedestrian unconscious
100 percent of French women victims of sexual harassment on public transport
Why I'm grateful to have $70,000 of student loan debt
Utah University Adds 'Texting Only' Lane to Student Life Center
Heinz ketchup bottle QR code sends German man to hardcore porn site
4,400 lose power as naked woman crashes car into pole
Kim Kardashian to give talk on the 'objectification of women'
Canadian man arrested for pouring syrup on sidewalk
NRA board member blasts reverend killed in Charleston attack
Disney World starts selling poop snacks at Animal Kingdom
Dylann Roof 'Almost Didn't Go Through' With Charleston Church Shooting
Doublelift suffers basketball related finger injury, Stixxay to start for CLG
Area 51 and extra-terrestrial life both exist, says head of Nasa
Elderly Woman On Mobility Scooter Receives Police Escort Home... At 6mph
People don't like it when economists tell them to have more sex, economists find
Bank robber is arrested after stopping to buy biscuits
100% of Paris women sexually harassed on public transport
Woman getting rabies treatments after woodchuck attack
Chicago cop opens fire on unarmed black teens in car
Police: An Aiken toilet paper fight turns violent
Huckabee: Gay Marriage Could Criminalize Christianity
Deaf Dog Learns Sign Language While Waiting For Someone To Love Him
Batman themed Father's Day gift escalates to family threats
Russian engineer implants travel card chip into his hand to speed up commute
NRA Board Member Blames Murdered Reverend for Congregants' Deaths
Prudes At Marvel Decree Spider-Man Can Never Have Sex With Minors
Cat Saves Owner from Kitchen Fire by Jumping Up and Down on his Chest
An NRA board member blamed a murdered pastor for the deaths in Charleston
Man arrested for pouring syrup on sidewalk
Rutgers 'professor': 'There are no good white people ... only less bad white people'
Charleston Newspaper's Morning After Church Shooting Headline Blocked by Gun Shop Ad
Utah University Adds 'Texting Lane' to Student Life Center
Heavy metal makes you calmer, say researchers
Trial over Aqua Dots toy coated with date-rape-drug begins
Motorist drove over man THREE times in parking row while victim's son bit off part of his nose
North Korea Has Found The Cure For AIDS, Ebola, Cancer, And Bird Flu
Chula Vista closes popular hiking trail because it was never a trail to begin with
QR code on Heinz Ketchup Bottle Sending People to Porn Site.
Driver crashes, dies as he flees earlier accident
Homebrewer Awakes from Coma Only to Worry About His Beer
Avon drafting pool rules with 'bite'
Hillary Clinton blames Charleston shooting on Free Speech
Jobless man builds helicopter with recycled material
Was the Nokia 3210 the greatest phone of all time?
Woman hasn't smiled in 40 years because she doesn't want wrinkles
After Cutting Taxes On The Rich, Kansas Will Raise Taxes On The Poor To Pay For It
GOP contenders condemn SC shooting as attack on faith
The 'Jurassic Park' theme song from 1993 hits No. 1 on Billboard charts
Heinz QR porn code too saucy for ketchup customer
Two men fight in dog cage; 1 stabbed in the face
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Recluse Rob Kardashian emerges under cover of darkness for late night burger run... after mom Kris Jenner admits she fears for his life over weight gain and depression
Disney Debuts Animal Poop Snacks at Disney's Animal Kingdom
School Won't Let 4.3 GPA Student Give Valedictorian Speech, Made Him Take Psych Eval Instead
Kim Jong-Un claims to have cured AIDS, Ebola, and cancer all with a single miracle drug.
Judge bans woman from breastfeeding because she got tattooed
Cher: "Donald Trump can't come up with a hairstyle that looks human; how can he come up with a plan to defeat ISIS?"
Australian Mom Banned From Breastfeeding Infant Son Because She Got Tattooed
Rachel Dolezal Who's Your Daddy? Maury Will Tell You!!!
An NRA director has blamed the Charleston church shooting deaths on the pastor
Police: Reported 'lifeless body' was Papa Smurf balloon
Infighting and Delays: Turns Out Baboons Vote Just Like Congress
Charleston shooter almost didn't go through with it because everyone was so nice
Minor league baseball team in Utah is having a "Caucasian Heritage Night" to celebrate white people.
Park streaker charged with sexual misconduct, meth possession
Gangs to march through Seattle for police accountability
Orem Owlz set to have 'Caucasian Heritage Night'
Dylann Roof and Michael Slager are cellblock neighbors in Charleston County jail
The Angels' Pioneer League team is holding a "Caucasian Heritage Night"
Eddie Van Halen blames guitar picks for giving him tongue cancer
Teen busted for taking selfies while having sex with her pit bull in grandma's house
Family Sues After Man Dies in Hospice Care
Bernie Sanders held a loud rally Thursday, right next to a solemn vigil for Charleston
Rick Perry calls Charleston church shooting an 'accident', says 'real issue' raised by case is drugs
Woman wakes up to surgery to find her hands "replaced" with Pac-Man characters
Utah Baseball team announces, then cancels 'Caucasian Heritage Night'
Rick Perry calls Charleston church shooting an 'accident'
Orem Owlz cancel 'Caucasian Heritage Night' after outcry
LA shelter's Hero Dog award goes to a cat for the first time
Newt Gingrich reviews the Apple Watch
Pike sheriff: Hot, naked man entered Wal-Mart, doused himself with milk
While beating the boys, an inner voice spoke to me, I was sorry so I hit them softer (actual translation)
Rick Perry calls Charleston shooting an 'accident'
North Korea claims Kumdang-2 vaccine cures MERS, AIDS, Ebola and 'harm from the use of computers'
Gun shop offers pastors free classes
7,473 volumes at 700 pages each: meet Print Wikipedia
Internet misogynists given chance to meet a woman
I'm Learning a Lot From This Teen Who Came to Prom in an Ambulance
POLL: What Is Your Favourite US Mass Shooting So Far This Year?
Girl goes to prom in ambulance, wakes up after kiss from 'Prince Charming'
Minor league baseball team cancels Caucasian Heritage Night
Playing a VR game with a talking female character who doesn't do much is creepy and pornographic
'Thirsty' Burglar Strikes For The Second Time: Police
Vagacial - A Facial for your Vagina (SFW)
Adult man with 29 Miley Cyrus tattoos decides he's better off without them.
Unsecured Networks More Susceptible to Data Theft
Sepp Blatter believes FIFA officials should have to pass integrity check
Stop eating Nutella to save the environment, says French Minister
Cat Wins 'Hero Dog' Award
Man complains about poorly sliced bread
Thousands lose power when naked woman crashes into Seattle-area utility pole
WTF FLORIDA: WOMAN THREATENS TO KILL OBAMA SO SHE CAN GET OUT OF RICK SCOTT'S STATE
meth head smokes meth in front of sheriffs office in his stolen car.
US military to get hoverbikes after tie-up with UK company
Minor league baseball team in Utah apologizes for 'Caucasian Heritage Night'
Bill Gates trust to pay $30,000 fine over horse manure
Aliens are out there and Area 51 is real, head of Nasa says
Hai Phong [sic. Soccer] fans regret not beating ref more brutally
Even Robert E. Lee Wanted the Confederate Flag Gone
Police stop cocaine breast implant bid
Texas pastor threatens to set himself on fire to stop gays from marrying
Ravens are using illegal formations in practice because of the Patriots
Outrage after Charleston judge tells relatives of murdered churchgoers that the killer's family are VICTIMS... as it is revealed he was once reprimanded for using the n-word in court
Baltimore Woman Vows To Make Her 'Relentlessly Gay' Yard Even Gayer After Homophobic Note
CDC: Red eyes while swimming caused by urine, not chlorine
Moorhead MN road sign hacked, reads, 'Bush did 9/11'
Man Uses a 3-D Model of Himself to Take Hilarious Selfies
Marine Experts: Sharks in Water all the time
Minor league baseball team announces Caucasian heritage night
Hamilton man charged for pouring suspected maple syrup on sidewalk
Report: Roof Almost Abandoned Shooting "Because Everyone Was So Nice"
Dylann Roof Reportedly Almost Didn't Go Through With Church Shooting Because 'Everyone Was So Nice To Him'
Utah Baseball Team Cancels "Caucasian Heritage Night"
Man who thought getting 29 Miley Cyrus tattoos was a good idea now regrets it
Miley Cyrus superfan to REMOVE tribute tattoos after singer branded them "ugly"
Only 1 percent of "up to 76Mbps" customers actually get 76Mbps from UK ISPs
Print Edition Of Wikipedia On Sale For £500,000
Queensbury group wants local law requiring eradication of poison ivy
Orem Owlz announce, then cancel 'Caucasian Heritage Night'
Random 43-year-old tells Rockets he won't play for team if drafted
Man forced to take an Uber to the hospital after his broken leg was deemed 'not serious enough' for an ambulance
NRA executive suggests slain Charleston pastor to blame for gun deaths
Lawyer and Client Accused of "Illegitimate Relations" for a Handshake in Prison
Sask. Liberal candidate out over Facebook photo of woman with black eye
This man literally gave his ex half of everything they owned
Goldman Sachs reduces intern day to 17 hours after death of Bank of America Corp. intern
Teen kills herself after shaming video taken by dad
Pop power: Vegetative girl wakes up from nine month coma after hearing her favourite song Gangnam Style
Man gives cops fake name - which turned out to belong to a wanted man
Walnut too hard for cellphone screen
Weed-stuffed dildo confiscated from Norrøna ferry
NRA blames Charleston victims for not shooting back
Spider-Man Cannot Be Gay, Black, According To Leaked Sony Email
ISIS are having a Quran competition - the winners get slave girls
Jurassic World is Sexist, and Here are the Reasons Why
The fake British tourist who 'loves' Azerbaijan
Kim Kardashian's spot on public radio show angers listeners
Mum's outrage over teddy bear with naughty bits on girl's christening cake
Female Soldiers More Likely to Be Raped than Killed in Action, Says Rep.
Dylann Roof and Michael Slager are jail neighbors, police confirm
Former butcher told police she killed her husband 'professionally'
Motorized surfboard filled with $100,000 worth of meth washes up in Tijuana
Woman carrying cocaine in breast implants arrested at Colombia airport
No Sex Jokes Please, French Government Advises Travelers to U.S.
The Nürburgring Just Banned Lap Records
Minor league team cancels "Caucasian Heritage Night"
What's all this fuss about the flag of Kanye West about?
California Angels minor league team announce, then cancel 'Caucasian Heritage Night'
Man falls to death from British airways plane onto London shop roof.
Plane stowaway falls to his death from British Airways flight as another survives
Princess Eugenie throws Disney party for birthday complete with 7 real dwarfs
Murder Medley: Woman Allegedly Uses Canned Food To Kill Boyfriend
Arrest warrant issued for man who streaked through Pike County Walmart, poured milk on himself
Armpit hair is a growing trend for women
Capitol Hill abuzz after 15,000 honey bees swarm Senate entrance
Charleston church massacre suspect: NRA executive suggests pastor to blame for deaths
Charleston shooting the fault of slain pastor Clementa Pinckney, NRA board member writes
Hamilton man charged for pouring maple syrup on sidewalk
Bar owner fined $500 because music performer cracked open a window to let out a fart
Orem Owlz cancel 'Caucasian Heritage Night'
NRA board member blames Charleston's deaths on pastor's vote against guns in church
Texas Lifts Ban on Fried School Food, "This isn't about French Fries, it's about Freedom."
Bride Suing Waldorf Astoria For Canceling Wedding Reception Over Accidental Shooting
Who Killed Papa Smurf
Artist creates Donald Trump piñata for angry Mexicans
175,000 Pledge To Party If Anti-Gay Australia Couple Divorces Over Same-Sex Marriage
Utah Baseball Team Cancels 'Caucasian Heritage Night' Following Backlash
Texas pastor Rick Scarborough is willing to be burned to death to oppose gay marriage
Ohio police officer attempts to shoot dog, hits 4-year-old instead
North Korea announces it has created a wonder-drug made from ginseng that cures Aids, Ebola and MERS
'Hero Dog' award given to courageous cat who saved owner from canine attack
Bride sues Waldorf Astoria for canceling her wedding after guest accidentally shoots and injures five guests.
Rental dispute leads to Edmonton home being torn apart: tenant
Utah rookie baseball team cancels 'Caucasian Heritage Night,' communication director resigns
He spent six years crocheting Super Mario
Terror for girl, 14, as man in Scream mask exposes himself to her
Harvard debunks South Korean student's dual-enrollment hoax
OUTRAGE: Sniper Shoots Down Confederate Flag At S.C. Statehouse
Gravity Kills Schrödinger's Cat
TIL, there is a feminist programming language, C+=
Texas Built a Confederate Memorial on a Street Named for Martin Luther King Jr.
New Orleans man slips out of handcuffs, climbs through a hole cage of police SUV, acquires officer's handgun and shoots him in the back of the head.
Ketchup Bottle Links to Porn Site, Leaves Heinz Red in the Face
New Orleans man slips out of handcuffs, climbs through a hole in the cage of police SUV, acquires officer's handgun and shoots him in the back of the head.
FIFA movie "United Passions" sets record for lowest ever box office revenue
Wisconsin school district bans American Indian team logos
Man with towel-wrapped arm shot by LAPD in Los Feliz was unarmed
Donald Trump's hair found roaming South America forest
Erick Erickson: A Society That Embraces Caitlyn Jenner Can't Properly Address Charleston
PETA Killed 88% Of Received Animals, Center for Consumer Freedom Claims
To soften image, Brazillian police ride atop horned beasts
"Throatzilla" Is An Escort Who Is Not Too Pleased With La'el Collins Because He Won't Pay Her After She Ate His Ass
North Korea Announces Cure For MERS
Sniper Shoots Down Confederate Flag at S.C. Statehouse.
Roger Daltrey banned from performing two nights in a row with The Who - by his insurance company
The witch community fuming after Etsy places ban on spells
Gun store father's day ad posted above Charleston headline
To Soften Image, Brazilian Police Ride in Atop Horned Beasts
Kim Kardashian to Speak About Objectification of Women During Lecture in Oakland
Controversy erupts after undocumented immigrant waves Mexican flag at graduation
Buddhist monk allegedly stabbed by fellow monk in East Oakland
North Korea Claim to Have Cured AIDS, MERS, Ebola and SARS.
Jerry Greene: Ranking the best summer songs, movies and more
Man chases down stabbing suspect, makes him phone cops
Article: Science Says Humans Are The Next Dinosaurs And Will Be Extinct Within Three Generations
Florida man arrested after advertising 'top shelf' pot on Craigslist
Shark dies in highway accident
Pakistanis Fall for Fake Viral Video, Destroy NFC Chips on Smartphones
After the police arrested Dylann Roof, they bought him Burger King because he was hungry
Utah Minor League Team Cancels Planned "Caucasian Heritage Night"
Irony Alert - Wait Until You See Who Dylann Roof's Next Door Neighbor in Prison Is
Pro baseball team cancels 'Caucasian Heritage Night'
Naked man runs through Walmart pours milk on himself
Interview with man who ran through Walmart naked poured milk on himself
Naked man runs through Walmart, pours milk on self
Mermaids Banned From Canadian Swimming Pools
Goldman Sachs reduces intern day to 17 hours
Naked Man Runs Through KY Walmart, Pours Milk On Himself
Man streaks through Walmart then pours milk on himself.
Ex-butcher told investigator she killed husband 'professionally'
Lawsuit: Fishbone's mistakes woman for man, ejects her
How erotic is your workplace?
Arizona sheriff sending armed posse into black churches
750,000 UK men want child sex
Calcified foetus 'discovered in body of elderly Chilean woman after 50 years inside her body'
Kim Kardashian to give a lecture on 'the objectification of women in media'
Angola - BIC Bank to Support Peasants
Reddit's 'bullies' pushed me to fight weight gain
Marathon shark dies in highway accident
Residents endure two days without internet
German Man Split Properties In Half Following Divorce, Literally
Man accidentally shot at gun safety class
Judge banned mother from breastfeeding because she got a tattoo
Cat bites woman in German city of Hagen, prompting her to bite boyfriend who owns cat
English Teacher Won't Teach Shakespeare Because He's White and Dead
Napoleon defeated in Waterloo battle re-enactment
'Commando' archaeologists to rescue threatened artefacts in Middle East
Adult man with 29 Miley Cyrus tattoos suddenly realizes he does not want 29 Miley Cyrus tattoos
A drunk man from China eats 250g of concrete after mistaking it for food.
Students say they'd vote for General Mills, Bon Jovi, and others in 2016
Muslims are accusing a gymnast of showing 'the shape of her vagina' in her leotard
Montville: Car crushed by truck after driver parks it on highway
Cat bites German woman - so she bites boyfriend
This man cut all his properties -- including a car and an iPhone 5 -- in half between himself and divorcing partner
This man cut all his properties -- including a car and an iPhone 5 -- in half between himself and divorcing wife
Whale Shark Surfers 'Should Be Charged'
Love rat dad tried to fake DNA paternity test using look-alike
Cat Wins Hero Dog Award for Saving Kid from Canine
Goldman Sachs tells interns they can't work all-nighters
School adds 'text lane' to staircase
Richard Dawkins denies that WWF legend Mick Foley is God.
Ex-school counselor who calls himself 'God' sentenced in sex trafficking
John Hagee of Cornerstone Church says women who cry out God's name during sex should be jailed
Russian Official Calls for an Investigation into Apollo Moon Landings
Dock Street Brewing Company pumps Wu Tang into experimental batch Batch will be called "Ain't Nothin' to Funk With"
Bellevue cops pick up chicken-hungry beaver, escort it home.
Columbus police officer injures 4-year-old while shooting at dog
Landlord evicts tenants, then pursues them for two months' rent for not giving notice
Man accidently shoots himself during gun safety class
Cat bites woman, woman retaliates by biting man.
Osama Bin Laden's porn stash will remain classified, CIA says
The town that banned Wi-Fi
Retired child actor who played Anakin Skywalker in Star Wars: The Phantom Menace arrested after car chase that ended when he plowed his vehicle into a tree
Jake Lloyd Arrested: Star Wars' Anakin Skywalker Tried To Dodge Cops In High Speed Chase
'Star Wars' Anakin Skywalker Arrested After Crazy Car Chase Read more: http://www.tmz.com/2015/06/21/jake-lloyd-star-wars-anakin-skywalker-arrested-car-chase-south-carolina-jingle-all-the-way/#ixzz3dimfxHXS
'Star Wars' Anakin Skywalker Arrested After Crazy Car Chase
Jake Lloyd, Star Wars: Episode I Star, Arrested After Car Chase
'Phantom Menace' Star Arrested for Reckless Driving, Resisting Arrest
Portland police fired 5 beanbag shotgun shots at man with sword on riverfront, then left scene
Woman carrying three pounds of cocaine in breast implants arrested
Giants manager Bochy left behind at Dodger Stadium by team bus
KKK leader condemns Charleston shooting, says "violence is not the answer"
Alabama KKK leader on Charleston shooting: Violence is not the answer
25-year old stray Australian cat somehow ends up in Northern Ireland
'Caucasian Heritage Night' canceled
Creating Craftier Engineers. Why students should learn to sew in STEM classes.
Kanye West: 'I'm not saying I'm Leonardo da Vinci, but ...'
25-year old stray Australian cat somehow winds up in Northern Ireland
Racist tweet from wife of Israel's vice premier 'Obama coffee' is black and weak
Jurassic World Called "Racist" Over Dinosaur Name
Bethenny Frankel Does Crazy Yoga Poses in Tiny Bikinis: Pictures
Jihadi John Has Fled Syria After Being Unmasked And Dropped By ISIS
Women carrying cocaine in breast implants arrested at airport
Vancouver plastic surgeon employs Botox to stop patients from smoking
North Korea says it's discovered cure for cancer
Kim Jong Un says North Korean miracle drug cures cancer, AIDS and Ebola
Cat bites woman, woman bites man: German police
66 surfers ride 1 surfboard, setting world record in Huntington Beach
How I Screwed With The New York Times
Athiest denies existence of Mick Foley.
Nürburgring CEO Officially Confirms Speed Limits And Ban On Record Laps
Hero Dog award goes to cat for saving kid from dog
Illegal-Dumping Suspect Nabbed at Trash Collection Event
she married a sociopath
Columbus Ohio Cop Shoots 4-Year-Old Girl ....While Trying to Shoot Family Dog
'Star Wars' Actor Jake Broadbent Arrested After High-Speed Chase
Fox News Confident Dark Souls is the Cause of Most School Shootings and Racism in America
IU study finds watching cat videos boosts positivity
'Star Wars' young Anakin actor arrested after car chase
Man Accidentally Shoots Himself During Gun Safety Class
Why we should read to our dogs
Anti-Capitalist Prof Makes Students Buy His Book
QR Code On Ketchup Bottles Points To Porn Because Of Expired Domain
Anti-capitalist professor makes students buy his book, then ignores it in class
Star teenage athlete dies after flu symptoms turn out to be plague
Turn your dad into a walking hotspot with TieFi
Police officers encountered a suicidal man with a gun and didn't kill him.
42-year-old man with 29 Miley Cyrus tattoos wants to get them emoved after singer called them ugly
Dad Ate My Eyes, Boy Tells Cops
Access to electricity is linked to reduced sleep
Just call her Professor Kardashian! Kim to give a lecture on 'the objectification of women in media'
A new mass extinction could be underway, researchers say
Mermaid sighting off the Capricorn Coast and in Fitzroy
Etsy doesn't want you selling spells
Arrest Warrant Issued For The Naked Milk Man Who Streaked In A KY Walmart
It's Now Illegal to Sell Adult eBooks Before 10 PM in Germany
Leesburg officers encountered a suicidal man with a gun and didn't fire
Manitoba wants to pay millions to have Brad Pitt endorse province
Leaked Sony-Marvel contract says Peter Parker can't smoke, drink, or be gay
Why You Shouldn't Order Human Breast Milk For Adults Online
Thieves steal £12,000 worth of BISCUITS from Wagon Wheel and Jammie Dodger factory
Patriot Park: Russia's 'military Disneyland' is fun for the whole warmongering family
China Yulin dog meat festival under way despite outrage
Teen Took Selfies As She Had Sex With Dog In Her Grandma's House
PreviousNext Mother-of-three demands refund for £60 christening cake because the 'seam on the teddy bears looks like a vagina
Texas oil exec. punches Texas Instruments exec. unconcious because he's gay
Diego Maradona to stand as candidate for Fifa presidency, say reports
Terrified woman calls police to remove 'huge' spider from her home
Dead Grandfather could be dug up because his grave offends Muslims
Tara the Cat, Who Saved Boy From Canine, Receives "Hero Dog" Award
Man hit with biscuit recorded as a "violent crime" by Norfolk police
Beyonce reportedly in talks for role in Marvel's 'The Avengers'
Pitcairn Allows Gay Marriage - But No One To Wed
Tasty Pocky snacks are helping Japanese kids express their homoerotic urges
Police officer wounds 4-year-old girl while trying to shoot her dog
Suspected paedophile lured to house and had phone forcibly inserted into his bottom
Fearing family dog, cop accidentally shoots 4-year-old
Uber Isn't Letting Its Drivers Carry Guns Anymore
Stuck in a drain: This Chinese girl demonstrates why you shouldn't text while walking
Naked gentleman pours milk on self in Walmart
Man who cannot walk, talk or feed himself told to attend Job Centre interview (xpost r/UnitedKingdom)
Man who cannot walk, talk or feed himself told to attend Job Centre interview
Man who cannot walk or talk called for jobcentre 'back to work' interview
Man Takes Revenge On Ex-Wife By Sawing Everything They Own In Half, Selling It On Ebay
Burglars nearly freeze to death in the UK after locking themselves in freezer during police raid at a Chinese restaurant
The Illuminati Wear Pink: Amusing T-Shirt Sells to Elite for $1,000
Two burglars nearly freeze to death after locking themselves in a freezer during police raid at a Chinese restaurant in the UK.
Huckabee: Confederate flag has nothing to do with being president
Women who cry God's name during sex 'should be jailed' says pastor
Angry dwarf is jailed after threatening to kill police and pretending to be a Dalek which led to him being Tasered twice by police
German police launch major operation after mother misreads text
Omaha man said he'd join Islamic State because Humane Society took his cat
Obama uses N-word while arguing US is not 'cured' of racism
Japan shakes off 67-year ban on dancing after midnight
Spain's 'Jew Killer' town finally changes its name
Mom Claims Bakery Put a Vagina on the Teddy Bear on Her Daughter's Cake
Im-per-son-ate! Angry dwarf is jailed after sticking a sucker dart on his head and pretending to be a Dalek in row which led to him being Tasered twice by police
Obama uses N-word, says we are 'not cured' of racism
Partick Thistle's Kingsley 'will bring shame on the good name of mascots'
Mexico now deporting more Central Americans than the United States
Kim Kardashian is giving a talk on female objectification
Obama uses 'n-word' in interview about US race relations
SHOCKING: This man was caught peeing inside the Delhi Metro
Ohio police shoot a toddler by accident when trying to kill a dog.
Dentist Detained For Speeding Gets Sued By Sheriff's Deputy
Mexican Border City Realizes Sign Made From Guns Could Be Bad for Tourism
The Spanish Town Formerly Known as 'Fort Kill Jews' Just Changed Its Name
Simona Tibu, dentist detained for speeding, sued for $4M by Alberta sheriff
A horrible-tasting Mexican beer is so popular there's now a shortage in America
Obama Wonders If Dylann Roof, Who Passed a Background Check, Could Have Been Stopped by a Background Check
Hackers steal data using gadget inside pitta bread
Obama talks about racism, drops the 'n word'
Spanish village drops 'kill Jews' name
Kim Kardashian Is Going To Give A Talk On The Objectification Of Women
Spanish village 'Camp Kill Jews' finally changes name
'That is one of the filthiest, most derogatory and sinful uses of the Lord's name I can think of': Women who cry out God's name during sex should be jailed, pastor says
Minister claims 'We should stop eating Nutella' to save the planet
Girl dies of cancer after playground accident
Jake Lloyd, former Star Wars actor, charged in high-speed chase
25-year-old cat makes mystery journey from Australia to Northern Ireland
Police Chief Says Dylann Roof Was Taken to Burger King Shortly After Arrest
Instagram officially blacklisted in North Korea
Taylor Swift Convinces Apple to Pay Artists During Free Trial Period of Music Service
Man accidentally shoots self during gun safety class at pawn shop
Chick-Fil-A Customers Attacked by Birds
Obama uses the N-word in podcast interview
Goat beauty contest held in Lithuanian village
Stench from Millions of Dead Birds Worries Residents
Naked Man Screams 'I'm On Fire'; Pours Milk On Himself In Superstore
Saudi imam apologises to 'apostate' comedian
Gucci's New Designer Serves up Lace and Ruffles for Men
Russia lowers 2018 World Cup budget to $11.8 billion
Rand Paul Pitches Plan to 'Blow Up' Tax Code
Sorry Witches, You Won't Be Able to Buy Spells on Etsy Anymore
Spain's 'Fort Kill Jews' village changes name
Chilean woman 'carried calcified foetus for 50 years'
GCHQ's spying on human rights groups was illegal but lawful, courts find
Pittsburg man charged with robbery using a sex toy
Apple Says "We Hear You Taylor Swift", Will Pay Musicians During Free Trial
Tiny Kitten Falls Victim to Mouse Trap
AP photo of gun pointing at Ted Cruz's head stirs outrage
Lakota Warriors Vow to Crush Dirty Rainbow Hippies
Disgusting: ISIS Just Released A 2-Star Review Of 'In The Aeroplane Over The Sea'
Right angered by AP photo of gun pointing at Ted Cruz
Naked pair arrested in Westlake after being found in car with pizza, beer
Moroccan gay men to serve four months for posing close together for photograph
Federal government invests $1.5 million in metal detection gear for potatoes
Argument Over The Value of a College Education Ends in Slashing
Fox & Friends Co-Host Pete Hegseth Hits Man with Axe
Boyfriend Dresses Like Girlfriend To Take Her University Entrance Exam
Mom Finds It's Hard To Love Her 'Ugly' Child
Weight of old records collapses 2nd floor
Tough tabby! Hero cat saves boy, is honored with 'Hero Dog' award
Spanish town 'Camp Kill Jews' officially changes name
Blogger pathetically tries to rejuvenate disgraced Judith Miller. Both taken down in comments.
BREAKING: Kanye West Admits He Was Wrong
LaPorte man arrested, accused of licking toad in restaurant parking lot
Colombian police bust woman with cocaine-filled breast implants
UK Water Park Bans Bikinis For Women-Only Event
White woman called out for Facebook lie about being attacked by black men at Walmart
Ohio woman accused of driving naked while eating pizza arrested for DUI
Man Stabbed in Face During Argument Over Whether College Is Worth It
J.Crew Fired Executive Who Celebrated Not Getting Fired on Instagram
Klay Thompson Drinks Rosé From the Bottle, Gets Twerked On in Las Vegas Pool
Schoolboys plotted to bomb Parliament and Buckingham Palace but were thwarted by mother
Uganda's ugliest man hasn't let looks stop him being a dad for the eighth time
KFC lab test confirms 'deep-fried rat' is actually chicken
President Obama says the N-word during interview about racism
Celebrities are no longer allowed to host TV shows in China
'Moose rider' under investigation after video posted to YouTube
Partick Thistle unveil 'terrifying' new mascot Kingsley
Man Wants 29 Tattoos of Miley Cyrus Removed From His Body After Singer Calls Them Ugly
High court says gov't seizure of raisins is unconstitutional
Fearing Family Dog, Cop Accidentally Shoots 4-Year-Old Girl
Why watching cat videos is good for you
China bans celebrities from hosting television shows
Feds paying for sewer analysis of pot usage in Washington
Birther lawyer justifies Charleston shooter: Obama made racists believe blacks have 'taken over the country'
42-year-old man with 29 Miley Cyrus tattoos wants them gone
A woman on the $10 bill? Big deal
This domestic abuser is sure living up to his name. Think it runs in the family?
Obese Americans now outnumber those who are merely overweight, study says
Obama says N-word during Marc Maron WTF Podcast interview to point out that racism is bigger than the use of one slur
Top rebel leader accuses Jews of masterminding Ukrainian revolution
Wedded Bliss: A Brawl for the Ages
Arresting officers bought Dylann Roof some Burger King.
Now You Can Smell Like Carlsberg Beer With New Grooming Products
Drummer's flatulence costs Washington, D.C. nightclub
The 'Southern Avenger' Repents: I Was Wrong About the Confederate Flag
The Dangers Of Skinny Jeans
Nearly $1 million for this forsaken SF fixer-upper - corpse not included. Hurry!
Columbus couple asking for essay in exchange for home
Drunks at Kenny Chesney Concert Overwhelm Cops
Backroom Casting Couch's Anonymous "Reality" Porn Creep Has Herpes
Stupidest golfer in the world tries to recover a ball from under an alligator
Amtrak Employees Claimed to Work 40 Hours Per Day
Kitten Nearly Dies Because She Was Put On A 'Vegan Diet'
The Deadmau5 vs. Disney feud is over
Extreme Exercise Can Poison the Blood
The Abortion Drone Makes Its First Flight To Poland
Anti-violence march marred by gunfight
Sean Combs Arrested for Assault at UCLA - With Kettlebell
How a 16-year-old tricked the New York Times into reporting that Dylan Roof blogged about "My Little Pony"
Facebook post led to house burglary
Univision news anchor Jorge Ramos to Donald Trump: Try running your business without Mexicans for a day
Insects proposed for sale in Swiss supermarkets
'Oh God - I'm coming': noise row goes public
Painfully Skinny Jeans Land A Woman In The Hospital
Walmart to stop selling Confederate flag merchandise
How to tell if your spouse is addicted to porn
Prison worker smuggled tools to killers in hamburger meat
"Rent a Crowd" Company Admits Politicians Are Using Their Service
Anti-violence march marred by 2 shootings
Deadmau5 and Walt Disney settle mouse ears legal dispute
'Animal rapist' caught having sex with goat
Fugitive arrested wearing "You can run, but you can't hide" shirt
Teacher from Oregon Caught Taking Upskirt Videos with his Phone in the Classroom by his Students
Dwarf pretended to be 'Dalek' by sticking sucker dart to his head and threatened to kill care workers
Norwegian man spends 6 years crocheting Super Mario blanket
US court justice quotes Spider-Man
CNN: Obama uses N-word, says we are 'not cured' of racism
Destiny: The Taken King director defends £40 expansion price tag
Skinny jeans cause 'fashion victim' to collapse in Adelaide park at night, after cutting blood flow
Facebook can recognise you in photos even if you're not looking
Skinny jeans left woman paralysed in Adelaide park
Spiders force family from upscale Missouri home
Old Heinz ketchup QR code leads man to a porn site.
Not-So Fantastic, Un-Magic. The next long awaited episode. With the suga...
Area Man Charged with Killing Another with Bow and Arrow
'Fox & Friends' Co-Host Accidentally Throws Ax at Bystander on Live TV
Skinny jeans cause 'fashion victim' to collapse after cutting blood flow
Throwing biscuit is a 'violent crime', say police
Doctor in trouble for calling patient obese
Fox News reporter hits man with axe
Man hit by biscuit and toddler stung by nettle among 'violent crimes' listed by police
Supreme Court: Raisins are a healthy snack
Man being hit with biscuit was recorded as a violent crime by police
Lions rookies learn how to tie ties
Toxic moonshine kills 102 in Mumbai slum
Pacific island of Pitcairn backs gay marriage despite having no gay couples.
Climate change could lead to smaller loaves of bread in 2050, scientists say
Man with 29 Miley Cyrus tattoos plans to remove some after singer calls them 'ugly'
Convicted middle lane hogger claims police picked him because he's a 'white van man'
L.A. Gang Member Gold Plates Own Genitals To Death
Row over bag of nuts costs airline $715,000
Adolf Hitler artworks fetch £286,000 at auction in Nuremberg
Angry dwarf arrested for pretending to be a Dalek
Indonesian lawmakers want to fight AIDS by restricting access to condoms
Skinny Jeans Hospitalize 'Fashion Victim' for Four Days
Student Fakes Admission to Harvard and Stanford in Effort to Impress Parents
Islamic State hangs 2 boys for eating during Ramzan: Monitor
Skinny jeans given health warning
South Korea: Samsung apologizes for MERS outbreak
Turkey Crashes Through Window, Turns on Sink, Floods Room, Is Careless
Angry dwarf who was tasered by cops over 'Dalek voice' death threats is jailed for nine months
The Supreme Court Just Quoted Spider-Man
European Copyright Madness: Court Strikes Down Law Allowing Users to Rip Their Own CDs
Spanish Town Finally Drops 'Kill Jews' Name
Man Allegedly Shoots Neighbor in Dispute Over Dog Poop
Putin's Plot to Get Texas to Secede
Asbo dwarf jailed after impersonating a Dalek and threatening woman with a butterknife
Anakin Skywalker arrested after high speed chase
UBER BANS GUNS AFTER DRIVER USES ONE TO STOP ATTEMPTED MASS SHOOTING
Man eats Lamb crossed with Jellyfish
BAM MARGERA GOT BEATEN UP BY AN ICELANDIC RAP CREW
Kanye West compares himself to Leonardo Da Vinci - then to a chair - to prove, 'I speak through comparisons'
Chinese girl gets leg stuck in drain while texting and walking
Skinny jeans can damage legs: Fashion can carry a high price
McDonald's Targets Hipsters With Its Burger Bike Tote
Witches curse Etsy after ban on spells and potions
'Extremely Invasive': Pennsylvania lawmakers want a registry for strippers
Appeals Court To Hear Case Of Inmate Released 90 Years Early
To Improve Street Safety, San Francisco Bans Cars From Turning
Mystery of the rat-shaped KFC chicken is solved: It's a bird
L.A. Gang Member Gold Plate's Own Genitals To Death
FOX news anchor hits drummer with axe on live television
Your Rust dong size is determined by your Steam ID
Police Helicopter Dispatched In Search Of Dead Body Along Railroad Tracks Finds 'Victim,' A Deflated Papa Smurf Balloon
At Long Last, Small Spanish Town Changes 'Kill The Jews' Name
Someone in France accidentally ate a fluorescent lamb with jellyfish DNA
Low-Calorie Donut Shop Goes Bankrupt a Year After Opening
Birdman star Michael Keaton to play comic book hero in new film
Push to Remove Bust of KKK Founding Leader from TN Capitol
German police seek body, find Smurf balloon
Couple convicted of animal cruelty after giving monkey brandy and Coke
Justice Elena Kagan Peppers Decision With Spider-Man Jokes
Obama's glad he used the N-word
Moose rider tips come in.
Chevy confuses the hell out of everyone with an all-emoji press release
Park Chan-Wook's Next Movie Is Lesbian Drama 'Fingersmith'
After 14 hours atop a nine-story crane, homeless man climbs down for a burrito
Cops raid marijuana dispensery; then proceed to eat edibles, play darts, and joke about assaulting an amputee
Accused Of Stealing Billions, Yanukovych Defends His Ostriches
DJ Shot Dead for Not Playing Song on Demand in Uttar Pradesh, India
Notorious dwarf offender brandished butter knife on bus 'after leg-pull over being small'
JAILED: Notorious offender brandished knife on bus 'after leg-pull over being small'
Borowitz Report BOROWITZ REPORT Many in Nation Tired of Explaining Things to Idiots
Men on the run hide in CNN research van that is covering their story.
Black president says "nigger"; causes uproar
Woman collapses after skinny jeans cuts off blood supply
Courts Rule That Disabled Woman Living Below the Poverty Line Must Repay Student Loans
Drunk Idiot Accidentally Chops his Friend's Nose Off
Man Tried To Drown Himself After Meeting 'Ugly' Bride For Arranged Marriage
Woman claims she was attacked by black men, allegedly faked injuries with makeup
Painfully Skinny Jeans Land Woman In The Hospital
A man from Alabama has been charged with sexually harassing a dog as he sought to get revenge on his wife who was giving it too much attention.
School bus driver charged with driving under the influence in Virginia Beach
Lithuanian village searches for most glamorous goat
Passenger who demanded more nuts forced United flight to divert to Belfast
Skinny jeans 'fashion victim' collapses in park, crawls to help
Fox TV presenter throws axe, misses target and hits drummer on live TV
Skinny Jeans Are Dangerous
Gmail Formally Adds 'Undo Send' Option
Flatmate horror as man eats faeces
Chevy press release written only in Emojis
Angry dwarf is jailed for putting a sucker dart on his head and impersonating a Dalek
ISIS gave away sex slaves as prizes in Quran contest
Break our rules, and we break your gear.
Winnipeg police helicopter accidentally broadcasts oral sex conversation to people on ground
Kanye West on Beck: 'I was wrong to say a man who plays 14 instruments doesn't respect artistry'
Texas Women Discovers She's White After 70 Years
Cops buy shooter Burger King after arrest
ISIS KORAN RECITAL CONTEST OFFERS TEEN SEX SLAVES AS GRAND PRIZES
Outrage over Muslim gender ban in French grocery store
Some Winnipeggers hear X-rated chat from police chopper
Russia: Omsk bus drivers to obey road rules 'in protest'
Skinny Jeans Could Be Hazardous to Your Health
L.A. gang member gold plates on genitals to death
Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H., Taking Second Place in Suffolk Poll
'X-rated' police chopper talk broadcast to Winnipeg
Python bites off more than it can chew
Moose rider who stressed animal under investigation
Kim Kardashian to speak on objectification of women in the media
Don Lemon holds up a sign with the N-word on CNN to ask, "Does this offend you?"
After Debate, Middle-School Class Decides Not to Eat Its Pet Fish
City worker openly snorts drugs on the London Underground train
CNN's Don Lemon Holds Up N-Word Sign On-Air, Asks "Does This Offend You?"
Members of Sugar Ray, Better Than Ezra, and Uncle Kracker form terrible-sounding supergroup
UPDATED Winnipeg police sorry for 'X-rated' chopper talk overheard by public
Cops buy Burger King for shooter after arrest
Inside the NSA farmers market, where even the cupcakes need security clearance
NASCAR supports removal of Confederate flag
Ohio woman accused of driving naked while eating pizza arrested
'Jurassic World' Under Fire for "Racist" Dinosaur Name
A urinal signed by Barry Sanders sold for $3,000
Woman left lying in the road for hours thanks to her skinny jeans
Winnipeg police sorry for 'X-rated' chopper talk overheard by public
Skinny jeans a new health hazard as Adelaide woman collapses.
Port Alberni chooses didgeridoo as new sound for tsunami alarm system
San Jose crane climber coaxed down with promise of a burrito
KFC says lab test shows 'fried rat' is actually chicken
Tumblr complies with a DMCA takedown notice from a self-proclaimed alien from the future.
Couple Claims Trip to CVS Led to Terrorism Accusations
Teacher: Lowering boy into trash can was meant to calm him
Texas woman discovers she's white after 70 years
N.J. man urinated into slot machine, resisted cops, police say
Mo'ne Davis drafted to the Harlem Globetrotters
Washington Redskins condemn Confederate flag calling it "a hateful symbol"
Ex-firefighter sues over drug tied to compulsive gambling
Rick Perry describes Charleston shooting as an "accident"
University of Cambridge is Recruiting for a Professor of LEGO
Child Conceived At Festival Named Sasha Pills Ket O'Reilly
Nicholas Salvador, Who Wielded Machete After Beheading Woman, Found Not Guilty
Pastor: Women who cry out 'God' during sex should be jailed
Man causes $20K in church damages, signs guestbook
Syrian news agency asks people to share summer images online, but attracts photos of country's ongoing conflict.
At Long Last, Spanish Town Changes 'Kill The Jews' Name
Portland Trash Core Band Outed as Three Raccoons with a Drum Machine
Dale Earnhardt, Dale Jr. both opposed Confederate flag
On The Job: Life inside a tooth costume in the center of Attleboro
Police officers take Charleston Shooter to Burger King after making arrest.
Canadian helicopter cops accidentally broadcast X-rated conversation through loudspeakers
HuffPo Writer: I Will not Have Children So I Will not Spread my White Privilege
Sex-themed e-books given curfew in Germany
Flatmate fills pasty with his poo, cooks and eats it - gets evicted
Stunt Gone Wrong: Fox News Host Hits West Point Drummer with Thrown Axe
UW Stevens Point residence halls getting all-gender bath and shower facilities
Man who rode moose in B.C. lake not at prosecution risk in other provinces
Cat Receives National Hero Dog of the Year Award for Rescuing Boy
Girl just carries music around, random strangers ask her to sing and then shower her with money after three notes. Obviously.
Report: Police bought Charleston shooter Burger King after arrest
New US Attorney General Loretta Lynch - Guess what she's all about? Civil forfeiture... UGHT.
Skinny jeans land Australian woman in hospital for four days
Want to calm down? Listen to Judas Priest or Slipknot, study finds
E-cig shop fails smoke-free compliance check
Aspen-area man, 77, awakes from nap to find bear biting his ankle
Creator of plastic pink flamingos dies one day before Pink Flamingo Day
Woman discovers she's white after 70 years
Chuck Norris: Churches should consider gun signs engraved with âWe donât call 9-1-1â
Longtime smoker Eddie Van Halen says guitar picks, magnets gave him cancer
Confederate Flag Manufacturers In China Respond To US Debate With Concern, Suggestions
News about "Rent a Crowd" Company Admits Politicians Are Using Their Service
Supermarket celebrates Ramadan with Bacon Flavoured Pringles
Losing streak: Glenn Beck defeated in court again as judge sides with Muslim in defamation suit
John Schneider & Tom Wopat, the original Bo and Luke, of the Dukes of Hazzard television show, announced today they will be painting over the Confederate flag on their personal General Lee replica cars.
16 police forces respond to wedding brawl in Pennsylvania
Facebook can recognise you without seeing your face
Nightclub pays $500 fine for drummer's fart
Alaskan black bear falls off porch when confronted by 'fraidy-cat'
Poll: Trump near top of GOP pack in New Hampshire
Dwayne Johnson set to take on a gorilla, a lizard and a wolf in 80s arcade movie
Winnipeg Police Accidentally Broadcast Officers' Conversation About Oral Sex to the Public
Driveclub's PlayStation Plus edition removed from PlayStation store shortly after releasing.
Fox News Host Throws Axe And Accidentally Hits Marching Band Member
Draymond Green tried to delete his mom's Twitter account because she 'has no chill'
LA Gang Member Gold Plate's Own Genitals to Death
Star Wars hoverbikes' may be coming to the US military'
Many in Nation Tired of Explaining Things to Idiots
Lance Armstrong Thinks He Is Treated Like Lord Voldemort
Johnny Depp to boycott Australia following dog death threat
Woman hospitalized after spending hours squatting in skinny jeans
Newly Discovered Octopus Is So Darn Cute It Could Be Officially Named "Adorable"
Cops bought Dylann Roof Burger King after his arrest
Don Lemon holds up a sign on-air showing the N-word, asks, "Does this offend you?"
Missing Icelandic tourist goes in search of herself
Don Lemon holds up a sign with the N-word on air, asks, "Does this offend you?"
'Fox & Friends' Co-Host Accidentally Throws Axe at Bystander on Live TV
Island rodents take on nightmarish proportions Rodents of unusual size are 17 times more likely on islands than elsewhere
Venezuela vet held over 'drugs implanted into puppies'
Norma From 'OITNB' Was Actually The Lead Of A 70s Punk Band
Skinny jeans left woman unable to walk for four days.
A scientific feud may have put jellyfish-lamb meat on dinner plates in France
Roundup: Cops Brought Charleston Shooter to Burger King & Richard Gere, 65, is Dating a 32-Year Old
Man Alleges in Lawsuit That NYPD Officers Strangled His Penis
Roll Tide, y'all. PornHub traffic spikes 90% following Alabama's loss to Ohio State in Sugar Bowl
FIU police: Serial butt-grabber strikes again
Georgia man poisons coworker's water with Roundup weed killer to 'mess with him'
Youth Caught Self Raping
CDC says that it's actually pee and poop that makes your eyes red when swimming in pools, not chlorine.
Frontier Airlines delays ruin woman's vacation
Expert philosophers are just as irrational as the rest of us
Flight forced to divert after passenger's demands nuts
Chinese Wi-Fi Router Features 'Pregnant Woman' Mode
Couple try to flag down Ryanair plane on airport runway
Australian Senator asked if she is married during discussion on climate change
Cleveland-area woman accused of driving naked while eating pizza
Dwarf jailed for sticking dart to his head like a Dalek and shouting 'Exterminate'
Psychedelic Drugs 'Safe as Riding a Bike or Playing Soccer'
A helicopter flew across my city broadcasting a chat about blowjobs on the loudspeaker
KKK Fliers Found in Downtown Fullerton--But Klan Couldn't Spell "California" Right
California judge agrees to dismiss proposed 'shoot the gays' ballot initiative
Overconfidence Actually Gets You Dates, Says Annoying Study
Woman Saves Bees With Mountain Dew - NBC News
Bagels disappeared from Lithuania after WWII ... but now they're back
South Carolina lawmakers weigh in on Confederate flag
Donald Trump may not have enough money to run for president
SEE IT: 'Fox & Friends' co-host strikes bystander with flying ax on live TV
Woman carries mummified fetus for decades
Anesthesiologist trashes sedated patient - and it ends up costing her
Police charge woman for making up a rape after she was exposed by her own FitBit
Cops Accidentally Broadcast Chill Convo About Blowjobs From Helicopter
'Pregnancy wi-fi' router causes controversy in China
Pete King Would Run for President Only If He Finds "Big Money"
Congressman Says He'll Run for President Only If He Can Secure "Big Money Supporters"
Russian Police Seek Gay, Transgender Islamic State Suspects - Report
Pizza Delivery Exposed Cockfighting, Breeding Compound in Winter Haven
South Carolina Republican: Charleston victims 'waited their turn to be shot'
SC rep: Self-defense could have stopped Charleston shooting
Mother Cat Nurses Abandoned Puppies at Washington County (AR) Animal Shelter
Trump Closes on Bush in N.H. Poll
Russian 'troll factory' sued for underpayment and labour violations
Cleaning water with worms
A woman was hospitalized after skinny jeans damaged nerves in her legs, leaving her immobile
Florida man accused of using his baby as shield to prevent arrest
We Asians make our Anime characters based on ourselves and not based on you westerners
Chilean engineers design device to generate water from air
Musicians attacked for wearing skinny jeans are victims of hate crime, police say
Videophone lets kids call Grandma but not surf the web
Deputy arrested after burrito-fueled road rage incident
New low: ISIS reportedly gives away sex slaves as 'prizes' in Koran contest
KFC says DNA shows 'fried rat' was chicken
Scientists to study surfers' poo
The Essential Car Gadgets for Your Trip
(South Africa) 6 steal police van while being escorted to court.
Woman collapses due to her skinny jeans
China's Qihoo 360 launches Wi-fi router to 'protect' pregnant women from radiation
Nairobi Clothing Shop Begins Selling Chastity Belts To Protect Men From Being Harassed
China arrests smugglers trying to sell frozen meat from the 1970s
Meet Kristin Beck, a transgender former Navy SEAL running for Congress
One in four children believe playing video games counts as exercise.
School sport suffers as one in four children think video games are exercise, says report
Tory plan to reduce child poverty by changing the definition
Iowa to grant gun permits to the blind
West Coast Ride-Hailing Company Launches An 'Uber for Kids'
Pensioners threatened with ASBO for loud Roy Orbison music
Sheriff's office says break-in suspect left wallet behind
DNA evidence shows officials euthanized wrong bear after attack
Mischievous parking warden in German city of Karlsruhe gives a ticket to a work of art
Venezuelan veterinarian arrested for allegedly smuggling heroin in puppies
British Man With Dwarfism Jailed After Pretending To Be A Dalek
This is what happened to pornography traffic after Alabama lost to Ohio State in the Sugar Bowl
Hall and Oates sue food company over Haulin' Oats granola
Icelands Pirate Party Surges Into First Place in The Polls.
ISIS executes their own fighter after donating his HIV infected blood to his fellow injured fighters without even knowing he had the HIV virus.
Satanists file "urgent" federal lawsuit over Missouri abortion restrictions
WhatsApp group administrator stabbed for removing members
Cops Bought Charleston Suspect Burger King After Arresting Him
Cops Bought Dylann Roof Burger King Hours After Charleston Shooting
COPS BOUGHT BURGER KING FOR DYLANN ROOF FOLLOWING HIS ARREST
193 Mexicans Died after Being Kidnapped and Forced to Fight like The Hunger Games
KFC Runs DNA Test on Alleged 'Deep Fried Rat' - Guess What They Found
What KFC's DNA Test Revealed About Customer's Claim That Chicken Tender Was Fried Rat
China's latest stomach-churning food scandal: Frozen meat from the 1970s
Japan finally lifts its 67-year-old ban on dancing
2016 Election: Donald Trump Proves Surprisingly Popular With New Hampshire Voters
Man set van on fire because he was 'bored,' police say
Jaden Smith on why he wore a Batman suit to Kanye West's Wedding "I felt as though I needed to protect everyone there and needed to have the proper gear to do so"
How a Farting Drummer Cost a DC Bar $500
Some online books can only be downloaded between 10pm and 6am in Germany
Canada helicopter sex chat heard by Winnipeg public
Oh, Balls! Testicle-Eating Fish Found in Michigan Lake
SC lawmakers overwhelmingly vote to debate Confederate flag
/r/World News - Japan to lift 67 year old Ban on Dancing
Nuts on a plane: Snacks dispute could cost $553,000
Rasputin Was Poisoned, Shot, Beaten, and Drowned. But Did His Penis Survive?
Japan lifts its 67-year-old ban on dancing
55 year old wheelchair dwarf tasered for impersonating a Dalek
Chinese authorities seize 40-year-old smuggled frozen meat
Man who recorded doctors mocking him during operation sues anesthesiologist and practice for $500,000
Officials in western Canada are urging people not to flush their pet goldfish down the toilet because they're surviving and multiplying at an alarming rate.
Men think they are math experts, therefore they are
Students invent a condom that changes colour if you have an STI
DNA test proves 'fried rat' was a chicken tender, KFC says
16 different police departments respond to wedding brawl in Pennsylvania
Caroline St-Hilaire wants Bill 101 amended to prohibit English in council
In 'jihad' for nationalism, Islamic group plans an Indonesian car
Prophet stays dead after being buried alive in resurrection attempt
One of Destiny The Taken King's quests is exclusive to Red Bull drinkers
A feud between an employee and his boss at French national research lab lead to a genetically modified lamb for heart research shipped to a slaughter house.
Sarah Palin: "I Hope We Can Finally Put The Confederate Flag On The White House In 2016"
CDC confirms red eyes at the pool are caused by urine, not chlorine (xpost from r/Health)
New Destiny quest is exclusive to...Red Bull
Man Fired From Ku Klux Klan For Being Part Black is Suing for Racial Discrimination
'Boot-sandal' makes fashion statement
Bam Margera attacked by Icelandic rappers
Suspect In Asian Women Attacks Found Dead Wearing Silver Spacesuit
Don Lemon says President Obama should apologize for Slavery.
Queen baffled by portrait gift as she asks German president: 'Is that supposed to be my father?'
Tindog Is Tinder For Dogs. Seriously.
Dwarf jailed after altercation which involved him pretending to be a Dalek from Doctor Who
Russian Police Seek Gay, Transgender Islamic State Suspects
Nearly Half of Surveyed Doctors Admitted They Can't Stop Playing Mobile Games at Work
Angry birds descend on customers outside chicken sandwich fast food venue
Children watch Insidious 3 rather than Inside Out after Ohio cinema mix-up
Alcohol-fueled one-horse buggy police chase
Nickelback cancels remaining shows on 2015 tour
A lab has CONFIRMED that the 'KFC fried rat' is definitely chicken
Middle Eastern Christian Refugees in Europe Are Bullied, Threatened by Muslim Refugees
Police rescue tired bee
No, this creepy fish found in New Jersey probably won't bite your testicles
Jaden Smith Says he Wore Batman Costume to Kim Kardashian's Wedding Because he Had to 'Protect Everyone'
Russian bus drivers to obey road rules 'in protest' - BBC News
Corn refiners declare war on sugar, conservative groups jump onboard
'Testicle eating' Amazonian fish found in US lake
DJ Shot Dead For Not Playing Request
The First 'Abortion Drone' Will Drop Pills Over Poland This Weekend
'Abortion drone' to fly pills across border into Poland
New NFL coaches ready to win now
Transsexual and gay friend join ISIS to escape 'persecution' in Russia.
White Americans Are Biggest Terror Threat in U.S. Once You Exclude The Death Of 3,000 Americans
Syracuse Ironman race hands out medals with Rochester skyline
Rick Ross arrested for pistol-whipping a construction worker
Amazon's Best-Selling Confederate Flag Was Made In Taiwan
One pill = 6 months for first time offender. Orange is the New Black come to life.
Police helicopter loudspeaker broadcasts X-rated conversation
CNN's Don Lemon holds up n-word sign on air and becomes a Twitter meme
Horse and Buggy Driver Faces Charges Following Bizarre Incident
Fox News host compares opponents of the Confederate flag to ISIS
Winnipeg Police Accidentally Broadcast Officers' Conversation About Oral Sex Out of the Chopper Loudspeaker to the Public Below
Pharrell's Single 'Freedom' Will Be Exclusive to Apple Music
Ohio Woman Arrested For Driving Naked While Eating Pizza, Is Definitely Living...
The world's first "abortion drone" will deliver pills to Poland this weekend
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal to run for president
The General Lee from Dukes of Hazzard to lose its Confederate flag top on future merchandise
Bobby Jindal is officially running for president, announces on Twitter
Bobby Jindal announces on Twitter that he's running for president
DJ Killed After Refusing to Play Song Request
Rescue Mission For 'Lifeless Body' Finds Papa Smurf Balloon
Local owner offers free food for Confederate memorabilia
White Americans are the biggest terror threat in the United States
Angry dwarf jailed after sticking sucker dart on his head and pretending to be a Dalek in a row which led to him being Tasered twice by police
Whoops: Police chopper's sexy convo broadcast on loud speakers
70 year old black woman finds out she is white.
School bus driver texted prostitute during fatal crash
City Cracks Down on Senior Who Dared To Pull Weeds
Adopted woman, 70, who grew up believing she was black is stunned to discover she's actually white.
Former Hollywood Gay Nightclub Placed on "Endangered" List with Grand Canyon and Other Historic U.S. Locations
Ted Cruz's team stands by campaign aide who compared Confederate flag removal to a 'Stalinist purge'
Man licks toads, gets arrested
Man Who Allegedly Licked Toad Arrested For Trespassing
Indiana man arrested after allegedly licking toad in restaurant parking lot
The Three Least Surprising Things U.S. Spies Learned About France: U.S. Spying Reveals France Upset About U.S. Spying, France Upset About German Insistence On Austerity, Nicolas Sarkozy Thinks Nicolas Sarkozy Is Really Important
CDC Says Red Eyes at the Pool Caused by Urine, Not Chlorine
Jaden Smith Reveals The Practical Reason He Wore Batman Suit To KimYe Wedding
Whole Foods chain faces NYC probe after investigators found 'worst case of overcharges'
Regina police getting many Siri-generated 911 calls - Saskatchewan
Man Awarded $500k After Anesthesiologist Insulted Him While He Was Knocked Out
China Has Seized Some Really, Really Old Smuggled Frozen Meat
Queen unimpressed by blue horse painting on German state visit
Report: Alabama fans flocked to online porn following Ohio State upset
Transsexual and gay friend flee persecution in Russia to join ISIS in Syria after watching recruitment video
ISIS offers sex slaves to winners of Koran memorization contest
55 year old wheelchair bound dwarf tasered by police after impersonating Dalek
Fish With Teeth Return To NJ Just In Time For Testicle-Chomping Season
Terry Francona Says He Ate 17 Popsicles In One Night
IMPORTANT: One night, Terry Francona ate 17 popsicles
Mexican lawmaker wants to fine people $1,600 for making offensive memes
Linkin Park Turn Band Into Venture Capital Firm
Poop: Hot seller at Disney World
Mystery pooper: Firm to pay $2.2M over forced DNA testing for workers
Professors Say U.S Flag is a Symbol of Racism, Should be Taken Down
Red Bull Drinkers Will Get First Crack at New Destiny Mission
Linkin Park Is Now A Tech Incubator And Venture Capital Firm
Former student says Rachel Dolezal dismissed her as 'not Hispanic enough'
Agency Says Whole Foods Overcharges: 'Worst Case of Mislabeling'
Gang Member Dies From Trying to Gold Plate His Penis
Dying woman who turned her yard into a giant sandbox threatened with jail
'Orange is the New Black' star Matt McGorry would really like you to stop calling him a deadbeat dad.
A presidential candidate secretly filmed his family to announce he's running
Sarah Palin is no longer a Fox News contributor
The Guardian: Russian 'troll factory' sued for underpayment and labour violations
Mystery pooper: Firm to pay £1.4M over forced DNA testing for workers
Men should have sex slaves, says female Kuwaiti politician
Why Scientists Want To Look Inside Surfers' Butts
No charges filed against vet who posted photo of dead cat with arrow in head
40-year-old 'zombie' meat smuggled into China
Linkin Park Got Business Advice From Harvard, Starts Venture Capital Firm
Woman astonished to find out she's white at the age of 70
Winnipeg residents hear sex talk coming from police chopper
Transsexual and her gay friend persecuted in Russian village decide to head to Syria to join ISIS
NJ Family Abandons $1.3 Million Home After Receiving Terrifying Letters From "The Watcher"
Wardens give car two parking tickets while man sits dead in drivers sit
Rapper Rick Ross arrested on kidnapping, assault charges
Judge Blocks Calif. Proposition That Would Allow Folks to Flat-Out Murder Gay People
Take Down the Fascist, Anti-Christian Gay Pride Flag
Warehouse fined $2.2 million after testing employee DNA to catch a rogue pooper
Children who go up the slide 76% More Likely to commit Murder, researchers say.
Update: Man reportedly impersonating officer in Carbondale was legitimate officer
Hulu's Seinfeld apartment replaces Jerry's Mac with some bullshit PC
Kids Create Salt Black Markets in Cafeterias Due to Michelle Obama's Lunch Rules
Children Who Go Up The Slide 76% More Likely To Commit Murder
Tesco apologises to Muslims for Ramadan pork-flavoured Pringles promotion
Genetically Modified Lamb with Jellyfish Protein Accidentally Sold as Meat in Paris
AMAZON BANS CONFEDERATE FLAGS, STILL SELLS NAZI MERCHANDISE
Picking the Right Words to Ban From Campus
'Virtual reality' treatment shows promise for alcoholism
Cooter Defends Confederate Flag
Apparent pro-Islamic State hacker group strikes ... a Stittsville food truck
Fox News guest: 'Liberals created this kid that shot up this church' (Updated)
If we're getting rid of symbols of bigotry, rainbow flag is next
Fox and friends co host throws axe directly into bystander
Abortion Drone; first flight to Poland
'Kill gays' initiative kept from ballot
Company's Poop Investigation Costs It $2.2M
Face-tracking tech knows when you skip church services.
Poop Inquiry Winds Up Costing Firm $2.2M
Banner Urges England's World Cup Fans To Come On Their Girls
Abortion Drone will deliver at-home abortion pills from Germany to Poland
Family flees home after learning their home is being 'watched'
MS-13 GANG MEMBER GOLD PLATES OWN MAN PARTS, THEN DIES -THIRD CASE THIS YEAR
Autos Flying Confederate Flags Barred From Parking at Capitol
Indonesia Proposes Ban On Condoms In Response To AIDS Spike
#SummerInSyria Twitter Campaign Backfires Through War-Torn Snaps
The Tea Party just admitted that the Confederate flag on the SC state house was put there due to racism.
My teen daughter asked for 17,000 pairs of shoes. Why I said yes.
American Adults Surpass Children in Taking Drugs to Stay Focused
Rachel Dolezal Once Told A Student She Did Not Look Hispanic Enough For A Class Activity
Black women finds out she's white after being alive for 72 years.
London Tesco branch pulls Ramadan smokey bacon crisps promotion
Whole Foods Under Investigation for 'Routinely' Overcharging Customers
Man Arrested for Ferret Speakeasy
Colorado pizza delivery boy becomes "pizza man"
[No] Growing Conspiracy On Facebook Claims NFC Stickers On Smartphone Batteries Are Government Surveillance Devices
Americans claim victory at Waterloo re-enactment after showing up towards the end
British children reluctant to cheat, US study shows
How skinny jeans landed a fashion victim in the hospital
The government is silencing its own drug experts
Outrage as giant penis creeps up on people and sprays them for safe sex campaign
Bill Cosby's hashtag #CosbyMeme goes terribly wrong
New Orleans Mayor calls for removal of Lee Circle statue in lieu of recent racial events
Charity Sparks Controversy After Using Giant Penis To Warn About STI Risk
Woman Sees Pictures of Boyfriend's Wedding, Still Not Sure He Cheated
Who hacked the Baltimore prosecutor who indicted six police officers after Freddie Gray's death, and why's he 'jealous of the eggplant'?
Whole Foods US grocery chain 'overcharged' customers
China Confiscates Meat For Sale Dated To The 1970's
Ha'apai residents face disaster as electric poles are erected in the middle of the road
Romanian MP accused of trying to bribe voters with frying pans
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu calls for removal of Lee Circle statue
Creepy stalker sends family cryptic messages straight from a horror movie
Critics say North Korea makes a tasty beer
Report: More Americans have been killed by white supremacists than Muslim extremists since 9/11
China Seizes Rotting 40-Year-Old Meat Destined for Dinner Tables
Naked couple eating pizza arrested after traffic stop
Cop issues parking ticket to a statue.
Whole Foods Accused of Overcharging in New York City Stores
Detroit EMT refuses CPR on child because she "didn't feel like it"
Road Rage comes to blows on Rte. 101 as man with flashlight fights man with angle grinder
3-year-old Aboriginal girl left in tears after woman tells her 'Queen Elsa isn't black'
WWIII will start with the Pentagon bombing Russia Today - RT
Terry Francona Says He Once Ate 17 Popsicles, Nearly Barfed All over His House
Classified Asio documents shown on TV during Tony Abbott photo opportunity
More from your favorite weatherwoman
Huge Saw Blade Slices Truck but Not Driver
Russia to Print 20 Million Banknotes Glorifying Crimea Annexation
Kim Kardashian To Speak On The 'Objectification Of Women In Media'
'Survivor' producer wants Putin on his next reality show
Keep Harriet Tubman - and all women - off the $20 bill
Terry Francona Says He Once Ate 17 Popsicles in One Night, Nearly Barfed All Over His House
'Twerking' has a 'quite spectacular' history
Thai Buddhists to help anti-Muslim Myanmar monks set up radio station
NY prison escapees had 'hamburger helper'; Dog the Bounty Hunter on manhunt
The United States of America, where you can buy an ISIS flag on Amazon but not a Confederate flag.
Amazon Sells ISIS Flag, but removes Confederate Flag.
Beaver named "Justin Beaver" chips two front teeth after falling
HomeNewsStory East Bay Monk suspected in knife attack on fellow monk arrested
Dictionary editors say 'twerking' goes back almost 200 years
Woman mistakes teddy bear crease on a cake decoration as a vagina, get it covered with suggestive flowers instead.
Former NAACP president vocally defends Confederate flag
Cách chọn gam màu hồng cho phòng ngủ của bé gái
South Korea says it will send aid to North Korea during its worst drought in a century under one condition -- just ask for it (X-Post r/worldnews)
Queen baffled by portrait gift as she asks German president: 'Is that supposed to be my father?' - Telegraph
"Fo' Shizzle", "Masshole" and "Hot Mess" are now official words in the dictionary
Mother of 4 posts unedited selfie after hearing she has 'perfect body'
Oxford Dictionary Adds 'Fo' Shizzle,' 'Masshole' and 'Hot Mess'
Teddy Bear Vagina Cake Ruins Christening
The Queen Is Confused by This Painting of Her and Her Father: 'Is that supposed to be my father?'
East Bay Monk suspected in knife attack on fellow monk arrested.
Rob Thomas cancels Denver show due to allergy attack Raquel Villanueva, KUSA 21 minutes ago
Tesco promotes Ramadan deals using smokey bacon Pringles
Toronto couple says view from million dollar dream home spoiled by Toronto Hydro pole
Cops accidentally broadcast blow job conversation to entire city
An Indiana man who was licking a toad while dancing by himself on an Indiana sidewalk is locked up after ignoring a trespass warning issued by cops, according to a police report.
Twerk dates back to 1820, says Oxford English Dictionary
An unruly United passenger demanding nuts and crackers forces 260 travelers to sleep on an airport floor
$1 assessed value of Nova Scotia property caused by archeological find
China 'seizes 40-year-old meat in crackdown on smugglers'
I'm not against creativity in the naming of scientific papers. But really?
Comedian Jessie Kahnweiler tests her white privilege by offering drugs to police
Women in El Salvador Are Reportedly Dyeing Their Hair to Stay Alive
North Korea unveils gleaming new airport for Pyongyang.
Victim forgives man charged with robbing him - because he spared his life VIDEO
Japan Lifts 67-Year Old Ban on Dancing
ISIS is offering sex slaves to the winners of its Quran memorization contest
ISIS Celebrates Ramadan by Awarding Sex Slaves as Prizes in Quran Memorization Contest
Blue Peter presenter to reveal internal organs on live television
Parking inspectors give car two tickets while driver sits dead in front seat
Edinson Cavani sent-off after Gonzalo Jara appears to poke his backside during Uruguay's 1-0 Copa America defeat to Chile
North Korea is advertising its gleaming new airport terminal that sells lattes and Mars bars
DPRK's Election System Is Most Popular: Scholar
People Vow to Take Revenge upon U.S. Aggressors
Uruguay star Edinson Cavani sent off for slapping Chile defender who 'inserted finger into his anus'
Zipper Cotton Canvas Bag - Buy Cotton Canvas Bag,Cotton Canvas Bag,Cotton Canvas Bag Product on Alibaba.com
Germans say US doesn't respect freedom: poll
Transexual and gay friend join ISIS to escape 'persecution' in Russia
Call for men to freeze sperm at 18
No, teenagers did not invent STI-detecting color-changing condoms
US Navy pays out millions to Microsoft to keep running Windows XP
The Man Who Courted a Crane for Three Years to Save Its Species
Air Jordan 1 Shoes Clearance Sale|Cheap Nike Shoes
Mother and baby survive Colombia plane crash
Lamb genetically modified with jellyfish mistakenly sold as meat
Scientists found in Peru the fossilized tooth of a monkey dated to 35 million years ago
Horny' mom busted after nude Twister party with teens: cops
Thailand to teach journalists how to ask inoffensive questions
Traffic wardens in New York give car two parking tickets while man sits dead in driver's seat.
Professor Says Doctors Should Amputate Healthy Limbs to Accommodate 'Transabled' Persons
Man wakes from nap to find bear biting at his ankle
Wish-Bone ranch dressing recalled after 8,678 cases filled with blue cheese
App Lets You Use a Clean Bathroom for $25 a Month
Whole foods accused of overcharging customers
Eyes go red and stingy after swimming because of urine, not chlorine
Bethesda has accepted the bottle caps as payment for a Fallout 4 pre-order
Prosthetic penises, fake urine used to fool drug tests at Queensland mine sites, police say
Confederate flag debate a way of life in Rocky Mount neighborhood
Frozen meat from the 1970s seized in China
Hot air from Rajasthan power plants may have fanned Karachi heatwave
Worst Burglar Ever Eats Leftover Chicken, Then Falls Asleep in Guest Bedroom
French Anti-Uber Protest Turns To Guerrilla Warfare As Cabbies Burn Cars, Attack Uber Drivers
Wish-Bone recalls thousands of cases of ranch dressing because they don't contain ranch
NASA Working With National Nuclear Security Administration On Plan To Use Nukes On Doomsday Asteroid
Toronto couple in million-dollar home struck by calamity when power pole installed in front of house
If You Can't Beat 'Em: France, Up In Arms Over NSA Spying, Passes New Surveillance Law
New York police investigate parking tickets given to driver found lying dead in the car's front seat
What is the price of an Apple iPhone 6 in Zimbabwean dollars? Ans: $3,552,500,000,000,000,000,000.
Whole Foods under investigation for overcharging in NYC
Watch out for aggressive, big bird, Britons told
Courtney Love Tweets She Was 'Ambushed' in Paris Uber Protest
Obama's dietary guidelines cause outrage among Republicans
Apple removes civil war games from app store over confederate flag usage
Woman set to test home-made time machine this week
Groom, 6 others arrested after wedding reception brawl. Grooms man teased with little effected, reached out an grabbed an officers crouch. 4 officers hurt in the brawl.
Courtney Love comes under siege as anti-Uber taxi protests hit France, paralyze Paris streets
Jar of Pickles Reported Missing
Michael Jackson moonwalks in clouds during thrilling lightning storm six years after his death
Man accused of skinny jeans hate crime against musicians turns himself in
Man Pays $460 for Surgery to Save Life of Constipated Pet Fish
The creator of the plastic lawn flamingo died recently
Antonin Scalia fumes: 'We should start calling this law SCOTUScare'
Obama Gets Pissed, Kicks Transgender Illegal Immigrant Out of White House
Apple is removing App Store games that show the Confederate flag
This giant penis sprays people with confetti in effort to promote safe sex
Health care lobbyists worry GOP will now focus on Obamacare repeal
Italy: Grandfather completes middle school aged 91
Soccer Player Caught on Camera Sodomizing Opponent on Field
Husband forces wife to participate in threesome and lose 40 kg or face divorce
China: Porn Screened Publicly on Mega Screen for 10 Minutes as Operator Forgets to Unplug Cables [VIDEO]
Backing into your own driveway could cost you under proposed bill before Jacksonville Council
London office worker finds BLUE LATEX GLOVE in Krispy Kreme doughnut at office birthday party
Rabbi Who Had Naked Chats in Sauna Intends to Keep His Job at Riverdale Jewish Center
Courtney Love attacked by anti-Uber protesters in Paris
This Woman Photographed Herself Every Time She Cried For Three Years
Virginia Man Wins $500,000 In Court After He Recorded His Anesthesiologist Mocking Him During Colonoscopy
EU violates right to freedom of speech - Russian Foreign Ministry
Couple Flees $1.3 Million Dream Home After Threats From "Watcher"
Does Germany have any Memorials to War Dead of WWII? : germany
'I am the Watcher': Stalker's chilling letters force fearful family from home
Warrant Issued for the Arrest of Graffiti Artist Shepard Fairy
Proposed Daytona Beach gun range considers serving alcohol
Amy Poehler And Seth Meyers Reunite For A New 'Really!?!'
Pregnant Texas Woman Claims She Was Raped by a Pig...
Justice Thomas defends racist housing practices by pointing out the NBA is mostly black
Transsexual and her gay friend persecuted in Russian village decide to head to Syria to join ISIS... unaware that the terror group throws homosexuals to their death from tall buildings
50-year-old fetus found in woman's abdomen
'Gay bull' saved from butcher's knife, castrated over fears he is bisexual
Franklin County homeowner kills intruder for second time in four
Sean Hannity Wants Rap Music Banned Along With Confederate Flag
Flying the Confederate flag up north: Glen Lyon resident Butch Hagenbach displays the Confederate flag in the rear window of his pickup truck. To Hagenbach, the flag symbolizes freedom and being a rebel.
Ohio movie theater shows bloody 'Insidious: Chapter 3' to kids expecting Pixar's 'Inside Out'
Farting Drummer Leads to $500 Fine for Popular D.C. Blues Bar
Apple Removes All American Civil War Games From the App Store Because of the Confederate Flag
Police warning after large ostrich-like bird reported missing
Colorado man wakes to find black bear nibbling ankle: local paper
CPR delivered: 'I left a pizza boy and came back a pizza man'
Bus beheader Vince Li gets approval to live in Winnipeg group home
A girl named Isis: terrorist group tainted a girl's name
Doctor finds stone fetus in 90-year-old woman
Always check your plane for cats before take off
This Gorilla Is So Handsome Women Are Flocking To The Zoo To See Him
Zoo reports increase in visitors as Japan's women fall for this "handsome" gorilla
Blake Griffin's Uber driver offered him a warm glove box sandwich
Uber driver offered Blake Griffin a sandwich from his glove box
New In: Clip-On Man-Buns
Disney California Adventure roller coaster halted after person pulls out selfie stick
Boy almost drowns because lifeguard did not know how to swim.
Mom Puts A Sticker of Her Daughter's Name On Car. That's When People Start Running Her Off the Road...
Nation's least popular governor to seek presidency
Clippy might never have existed if Microsoft had listened to women
Apple bars Civil War games from App Store over Confederate flag imagery
The German City of Karlsruhe Issued a Parking Ticket to a Warped Car Sculpture
What would Jesus do about global warming?
Want a shorter commute? Pay $900 a month to live in a tent near Google
They Call Her The Kim Kardashian Of Weather News...
Lululemon recalls women's top due to injury hazard
Young men urged to freeze sperm
Bachelor Party Prank Goes Very, Very Wrong When Cops Respond to Groom's 'Kidnapping'
Man Sues, Says He Drank Beer With a Dead Rat Marinating Inside
Courtney Love 'held hostage' in Paris Uber taxi protest
Penn State Altoona Softball Player Charged for Hit Batter
CSPD veteran officer says she was forced into early retirement over new physical fitness exam
Yale's Rare-Books Library Is Saving Old Chipotle Cups
Dutch citizens sue their government over climate change and win
Gonzalo Jara 'banned' for rest of the 2015 Copa America after he 'inserted finger into Edinson Cavani's anus'
Transgender woman and gay friend 'flee persecution in Russia to join Isis'
Dallas police say man suffocated wife with pillow Monday night to stop her from talking |
A Groupie Demanded To Use RAMMSTEIN Frontman Till Lindemann As A Toilet Once
Detroit police issue warrant for the arrest of Shepard Fairey.
Charleston Church Shooter Receives $4 Million in Donations From Supporters
Couple Quits Jobs And Sells Everything To Travel The World With Their Cat
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott selects someone who has never sent their kids to a public school to chair the State Board of Education
German robbers chased away by shopkeeper wielding vacuum cleaner
Whole Foods is being accused of overcharging customers Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/whole-foods-accused-of-overcharging-2015-6#ixzz3e6nKslck
Syrian state media promote #SummerInSyria, Syrians tweet back graphic realities of war
Rose McGowan just got fired for pointing out sexism in Hollywood
West Side drug dealer had customers lined up around the corner
Republicans Fear Victory for Health Care Could Pave Way for Education, Environment
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott appoints homeschooling mother as chair of the State Board of Education
Dog-meat festival | The Wider Image
New York Agency Says Whole Foods Overcharged Customers In City
Kids expecting to see Pixar film at movie theater are shown horror film instead
Guy sues the city for 100k when lifeguards kicks him out of the fast lane for swimming to slowly
Russia Is Banning the Internet Archive and Blaming It On Terrorism
'Masshole' added to Oxford English Dictionary
20 million bees spill on Idaho highway, driver runs for his life
Group Petitions to Remove African-American Monument Because it's Offensive to White People
Nudists charged with stealing water to fill pool
Corrections officer accused of helping prisoners escape in exchange for some paintings done by the prisoners
Rush Limbaugh: (Banning) The American flag is next
Sean Hannity Wonders Why You Can Buy a Jay Z Album But Not a Confederate Flag
Scalia: SCOTUS engaging in 'interpretive jiggery-pokery,' arguments are 'pure applesauce'
Antonin Scalia decries 'jiggery-pokery' of 'SCOTUScare' in scathing dissent
Persecuted Russian transsexual and gay friend flee to Syria to join ISIS
Lululemon tops recalled, elastic cords hit people in the face
A Boyfriend Impersonated His Girlfriend For Two Weeks After He Murdered Her
Canadian woman gives birth in a Montana's bathroom, considers naming the kid Montana
Bookstore at Gettysburg National Military Park's Museum & Visitor Center will no longer sell stand-alone items that solely feature the Confederate flag.
Parents Furious, Kids Terrified After Theater Mixes Up 'Insidious Chapter 3' and 'Inside Out'
'Tindog,' the Tinder for Dog Lovers is Here
Amazon bans civil war Strategy board Game.
NBC News leading the Hate Mongering Brigade
Truck crash lets loose millions of bees
Child Saves Siblings From Home Run Ball as Both Parents Cower in Fear
For Egypt, TV Show's Shocking Twist Is Its Sympathetic Jews
Screech from 'Saved By the Bell' Is Heading to Prison for Stabbing a Guy on Christmas
Black Student Accepts Confederate Flag Recieves Offer To Join KKK
Project CARS won't deliver wii u port promised in crowdfunding campain, "we really dislike Nintendo users" (x-post r/gaming)
Chinese Bankers Catch STDs After Counting Dirty Cash
East Bay man wins $1 million lotto scratcher, shrugs
Bristol Palin Reveals She's Pregnant With Second Child: "I Do Not Want Any Lectures"
I Made A Huge Sacrifice To Buy My Dream Home
House bill would force the Supreme Court to enroll in ObamaCare
Israeli diplomat in Berlin: Maintaining German guilt about Holocaust helps Israel. In off-the-record comment to journalists, embassy spokeswoman Adi Farjon said Israel had no interest in full normalization of relations with Germany.
Truck Art Installation Gets Parking Ticket in Germany
Lululemon Recalls Over 300,000 Tops Due to Reports of Facial Injuries
Sex offenders gather at annual conference in Texas
Plane wheel crashes through roof in Saint-Laurent
Abortion rights advocates will launch an 'abortion drone' into Poland this weekend
Israeli diplomat in Berlin: Maintaining German guilt about Holocaust helps Israel
Salem man cuts head off his mother's cat, knocks on neighbor's door covered in blood
Mother finds nest of 'world's deadliest' spider - whose bite can give man four-hour erection
UK woman finds latex glove in doughnut
March of the Pigs: Nine Inch Nails' Logo Adopted by Alberta Politicians
Brit who helped girlfriend with DIY is given eight days to leave Canada after immigration officials ruled he was doing a local out a job
Furious Whole Foods customers threaten to boycott the chain amid allegations that it overcharged for food
Ben Aflek demands PBS censor details of slave-owning ancestors on 'Finding Your Roots' program.
Ohio Politician Caught in Prostitution Sting Swears He Was Just Delivering Note From Old Chinese Man He Met at Frisch's Big Boy
Woman Bites Macy's Employee Over Price Of Item In Newark Store, Police Say
Python chokes to death on porcupine.
'Confederate Flag' never called me a nigger: but blacks and liberals have
My college newspaper is concerned about a professor's missing pickles
Alabama teen kills 1 chicken every 15 minutes until mommy makes nice with girlfriend
Massachusetts court offers guidelines on spanking
Shabani The Gorilla Is So Handsome, Japanese Women Are Congregating At The Zoo To Fawn Over Him
'Hacksaw' Fugitive Charmed Guards With Oprah Portraits and Sweet Talk
An Indiana High Schooler Busted for Selling Bumps of Salt in Cafeteria to Make Food Taste Better
Apple's co-founder: We're all going to be robots' pets one day
Lovesick teen follows through with threats to kill mom's chickens
Question over sale of Confederate flags sparks search for a bomb at an Arab Walmart
Abstinence-only sex ed advocate Bristol Palin announces she's pregnant out of wedlock for the second time, asks for privacy.
Cop Broadcast Himself Asking For Oral Sex From Fellow Officer Over Helicopter Loudspeaker
Abstinence-only advocate Bristol Palin says she's pregnant for second time
Abbott Sides With Homeschoolers (Homeschooler appointed as chair of Texas school board)
Donald Trump Blames Mexican Government For Univision Dropping Miss USA Pageant
Apple and Google pull Confederate flag apps from app stores
Even Early Focus Groups Hated Clippy: Women told Microsoft the animated paper clip was leering at them. The software company didn't listen.
MUSIC IS SEXIST. THIS CARING FIVE-POINT PLAN WILL ERADICATE ROCK'S GENDER BIAS.
Two rival self-driving cars have close call in California
She said she was in pain, especially where the marks were. When we touched the marks, the pain got worse.
Pee, not chlorine, causes red eyes from swimming pools
Gov. Abbott Appoints Home-School Mom To Chair State Board Of Education
Little anticipation in Midland County before high court gay marriage ruling
A Google self-driving car cut off a rival self-driving car and nearly caused a collision
Motorist who struck schoolboy acquitted after experts suggest ice can have positive effects on driving
Golfer Gets His Head Stuck in Trashcan at Charity Event
Bible-Based All-Wood Ark Takes Shape in Kentucky Field
WMUR/CNN Poll: Trump moves to within striking distance of GOP leader Bush
Korean teacher is charged for attacking a child for not finishing her kimchi
For a Better Steak, Cook Directly on Charcoal
Driver on meth who hit boy beats charge by arguing it enhanced driving skills
Japanese visualization of westerners since hundreds of years ago to this day
Japanese women go ape over surprisingly handsome gorilla
Women flock to Japan zoo to see 'hunky' gorilla
Hedgehog trapped in railings 'misjudged own girth'
Bobby Jindal locks up the 'Duck Dynasty' vote
Reiki master backs appointment of alternative healer Anne Brand to head Tasmanian Health Service
Bar Fined For Leaving Window Open While Band Played
Man who channels alien from the future bombards Tumblr GIF artists with takedown notices
Sean Hannity: Ban Rap Albums Alongside Confederate Flag
ISIS Confused by Trump's Hotel Analogies - The New Yorker
In a First, New Jersey Jury Says Group Selling Gay Cure Committed Fraud
Hunky Gorilla Attracting Women To Zoo
Legitimate presidential candidate offends millions, beautiful women suffer
Couple quit their jobs, sell everything for travel
A woman from Texas discovers she is white at the age of 72
Sepp Blatter: Fifa president says he did not resign
Jury finds promise of 'gay conversion' therapy was a fraud
Deputies: Teen accused of killing mom's chickens in bizarre threat over failed relationship
Hypocritical Donald Trump has refused to release his long-form birth certificate and passport records (despite demanding the same from Barack Obama during the 2012 election)
Python dies after eating giant porcupine in S.Africa
Rival self-driving cars involved in near miss in California
Felton dad accused of drinking 12 beers, playing with gun before shooting toddler
Norway to let 7-yr-olds change gender
Donald Trump refuses to release birth certificate and passport records
Mother raises money via GoFundMe to bury daughter under false pretenses, lets her rot in funeral home instead
Pet health insurance is one of fastest growing employee benefits
The Satanic Temple Is Suing Missouri Over Its Abortion Law
Alabama teen goes on chicken massacre when mother didn't fix his relationship, deputies say
12 injured as car rear-ends PedalPub in Minneapolis
British man kicked out of Canada for helping girlfriend fix up her apartment
Tama, The Cat That Saved A Japanese Train Station, Dies
A movie theater in Ohio accidentally played Insidious instead of Inside Out
Fake Dentist Accused of Pulling 5 Teeth From Woman Held on Her Couch
Supreme Court rules gay couples nationwide have a right to marry
Same-Sex Marriage Legal Nationwide, Supreme Court Rules
Alabama teen goes on chicken massacre when mother wouldn't fix his relationship
While French Uber Protest Ties Up Cab Drivers, Demand for Taxis Might Crash Uber App
The Supreme Court just legalized same-sex marriage across the US
Former senator Scott Brown is selling diet pills on his Facebook page now
Rival robot cars meet on California highway
Branson store owner, who said rebel flag doesn't represent racism, has ties to KKK
Landmark: Supreme Court Rules Same-Sex Marriage Legal Nationwide
Man Masturbates Behind His Hat On Crowded A Train
Medics, doctors: woman's 38JJ breasts saved her life in car crash.
Tourist hash brown order leads to drug confusion
Antonin Scalia, Supreme Court Judge in Equality of Marriage Case on the verdict: "I give up. Do whatever you want."
Antonin Scalia Dissent: I Give Up, Do Whatever You Want
Obama's strawberry hotdog habit
Lovesick Alabama teenager kills mom's chickens, gets arrested instead of girlfriend
NORTH CHARLESTON SGT. SHANNON DILDINE FIRED FOR WEARING CONFEDERATE FLAG BOXER SHORTS
How a gym that serves free pizza climbed to the top of American fitness
Pedophile Lawyer Laments Decline in Cases
A Guy Got Struck by Lightning Twice, and His Name Happens to Be Rod
Westfield man hospitalized after saying he was struck in groin by banana
Scalia Dissent: SCOTUS Gay Marriage Ruling Represents 'Threat to Democracy'
Is that Michael Jackson doing the moonwalk in clouds during lightning storm?
Two self-driving cars involved in close call in California
Man seeks to 'rehome' dog-hating girlfriend in Craigslist ad after ultimatum over beagle
Army officer from Alabama nails it: 'I'm offended that everyone is offended by something!'
Google's self-driving Lexus cuts off self-driving Audi
Americans are moving to Canada because of US gay marriage ruling
Clarence Thomas's gay marriage dissent: 'Slaves did not lose their dignity.'
First Amendment protects profanity against police
Texas Pastor Says He Will Set Himself On Fire In Protest Over Gay Marriage
Clarence Thomas's jaw-dropping gay marriage dissent: 'Slaves did not lose their dignity.'
Women flock to 'handsome' gorilla
Polish Pigs Prefer Mozart to Metal.
'Screech' to serve 4 months for stabbing
Justice Scalia's Gay Marriage Advice: 'Ask the Nearest Hippie'
Clarence Thomas invokes comparison to slavery in raging gay-marriage dissent
Fox Anchor Asks Whether Ruling Means 'Three People' Can Be Married Now
Fox's Martha MacCallum On Marriage Equality Decision: "What's To Prevent" 3 People From Getting Married Now?
Charleston Church Shooter Dylann Roof Receives $4 Million In Donations From Supporters
Mountain View Man Renting Small Tent Near Google For $965 Per Month
Many Africans are starting to want to bring European colonisation back, lamenting how much better their continent was under white rule
Stench from stinky fridge sends 11 to hospital
Joe Biden is running through the halls with a rainbow flag tied on like a cape high fiving everyone.
A county in Alabama exists the marriage business.
Supreme Court Sides With David Koch
In Alabama, One County Exits the Marriage Business.
Clarence Thomas: Same-sex marriage bans, like slavery, were just fine for human dignity
Man protests 'inhumane' jail treatment, gets more time
Scalia, Thomas, Roberts, Alito Suddenly Realize They Will Be Villains In Oscar-Winning Movie One Day
Councilman Rich Cox on prostitution stakeout: I was in the wrong place at the wrong time
"Rent-A-Crowd" Company Says Presidential Candidate Used Their Service
Fire And Brimstone Pastor Promises To Set Himself On Fire If Supreme Court Rules For Gay Marriage
Supreme Court legalizes Gay Marriage
Gay Marriages Are Better Than Straight Ones
If the confederate flag is banned from Wal-Mart why isn't rap music banned as well? -Hannity
Dolezal 'forced to make sex tape' with ex
Selfie Sticks Officially Banned at Walt Disney World and Disneyland
Porn Site Crowdfunds Project to Shoot at Center of the Earth
So This Happened on MSNBC Today
There's a giant penis in Norway going around firing glitter at people
These are the heroes who keep The Undertaker's Wikipedia page accurate
Michael Jackson appears to moonwalk his way through lightning storm
Jindal vows to fight gay marriage
PARENTS, CHILDREN HORRIFIED BY INSIDE OUT/INSIDIOUS MIX-UP
Black Student Embraces Confederate Flag, Receives Offer to Join KKK
To avoid marrying gay couples, some Alabama counties have stopped marrying everyone
So does anybody believe this time travel test that is supposedly happening?
Serial poop smearer on the loose in NJ
Umpire Loses His Cool, Charges Mound to Confront Cubs' Jon Lester
Teen killed a chicken every 15 minutes until mom made nice with his girlfriend
Feds: West Side drug dealer had customers lined up around the co
Crass Release Box Set Directly Into Dumpster in Effort to Reach Core Fans
Bristol Palin Earns $262,000 as Abstinence Ambassador
Who said it best: Justice Scalia or This Old Man Yelling at You to Get Off His Lawn?
Creflo Dollar Will Get a $70 Million Private Jet After All
Image of Michael Jackson seen in Goochland lightning storm
Officer Fired After Posting Photo Of Himself In Confederate Flag Boxer Shorts On Facebook
People get mad when they see the bumper sticker "#TeamIsis" on ladies car. Her daughter, who has Rett's Syndrome, is named "Isis."
when u realize your DD been drinkin'
10 Numbers That Should Probably Scare The Fuck Out Of You!
NARESZCIE KOSA NA OPENINGU! | Otwieranie Skrzynek 7 asfasf
Guy Pretends He Was Chosen in 2015 NBA Draft, Goes Out and Parties in NYC
Growing Older with Madonna
Bag Of Decapitated Goats Found On Long Island
Women Flock to See Handsome Gorilla
A four-hour erection and then death: The fate awaiting any man bitten by deadly spider feared to have entered Britain in bunch of Tesco bananas
Straight couple gets license in Williamson County
Meanwhile, in New Jersey...
Artificial Intelligence Machine Gets Testy With Its Programmer
Sepp Blatter Is Not Resigning As Fifa President, According To Sepp Blatter
India wants to build 100 'smart cities.' Residents just want water and power (xpost /r/worldnews)
Teen Kills Chicken Every 15 Minutes Because His Dumb Mom Wouldn't Listen
Rainbow jihadists of SCOTUS blow up twin towers of truth and righteousness
Gay Marriage Supporters Say Ruling Helps Gay Oklahomans
Irish judge calls defendant ''a gobshite'' for driving without insurance
Navy pays Microsoft $9 million a year for Windows XP
Family 'find nest of world's deadliest spider in banana'
Term 'Masshole' added to Oxford English Dictionary
A Texas minister set himself on fire and died to 'inspire' justice
Jindal: 'Let's just get rid of the court'
Family harassed over daughter named Isis.
Fox News Anchor: Can Three People Marry Each Other Now That Gays Can?
WWE's Kane offers to choke slam Dwyane Wade if he leaves Heat
Trump to Univision: Get off my golf course
The French government has filed a legal complaint against UberPOP and denounced the company as 'arrogant'
North Charleston officer fired for posing in rebel flag underwear
Oops! 'Jurassic World' Dinosaur Toys Were Turned Into Boys by Accident, Hasbro Says
Softball player charged for hitting a batter
Christian Radecki dancing on top of a police car said he was warning children of vampires
Fox's Martha MacCallum: Does This Mean 3 People Can Get Married Now?
Penn State Altoona softball player charged for hitting a batter
Gay marriage ruling has Twitter users saying they're 'moving to Canada'
Bryan Fischer Compares Gay Marriage Ruling To 9/11, Pearl Harbor
Focus on the Family, a conservative Christian media company's site right now. OH GOD THE GAYS GIVE US YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!
"Fire and Brimstone" pastor intends to set himself on fire in protest of gay marriage ruling
Tyne Bridge protestor wants 60 Minute Makeover star to build him some shelves
The real-life Iron Man glove is here | Mondo News
Tall White Guy Pretends To Get Drafted By The Utah Jazz
Dessert poop the new thing at Disney's Animal Kingdom
Christopher Monckton Argues That Gays Have As Many As 20,000 Sexual Partners, Defending Anti-LGBT Lawmaker
Tall White Guy Pretends to Get Drafted By Utah Jazz
37-stone man forced to pay for two seats on jet finds they are rows apart
It's Time to Legalize Polygamy - Fredrik deBoer - POLITICO Magazine
Writer Successfully Tricks People Into Believing He Was A 2015 NBA Draft Pick, Lives The Life Of An NBA Player For The Night
Italian families protest forced cross-dressing of schoolchildren.
These guys have Islam backwards.
Deputies: Elkmont teen kills 1 chicken every 15 minutes until mommy makes nice with girlfriend
Local mom who ate placenta thought, 'What could it hurt?'
'Handsome' gorilla stealing women's hearts in Japan
ISIS offers sex slaves as prizes for Koran memorization contest
Rep. Butt Introduces Pastor Protection Act In Reaction To Gay Marriage Ruling
The 'Abortion Drone' Is Bringing Women A Safe Way To End An Early Pregnancy
GOP Hypocrisy At All Costs...
Women flock to zoo in Japan to feast their eyes on 'too handsome' gorilla
Tall guy tricks people into believing he's a Utah Jazz draft pick
Bay Area Man Rents Camping Tent in Backyard at $900 a Month
Are Airlines Colluding with Luggage Manufacturers to Force Customers to Buy New Carry-On Bags?
Abstinence advocate Bristol Palin announces second unplanned pregnancy.
World's oldest orca running for mayor
New Jersey Homebuyers Sue Sellers for Not Telling Them About Scary Guy Who Demands Blood
Hours After Gay Marriage Ruling, Politico Op-Ed Calls for Legalized Polygamy
Texas Governor Greg Abbott Vows To Protect Church-Goers From Happy LGBT Newly-Weds
Serial poop smearer on the loose in Ridgewood
The Used Panty Business Has Exploded Thanks to 'Orange Is the New Black'
Detroit EMT Fired in Infant Death: "I'm Not About to Be on No Scene 10 Minutes Doing CPR"
After Gay Marriage Decision, Mississippi May Stop Issuing All Marriage Licenses
Fines proposed for those who back cars into driveways
Pluto-bound probe faces its toughest task: finding Pluto
NBC12 crew mistaken for Monument Avenue vandals
Donald Trump vows to sue Univision for cancelling Miss USA: It's 'common sense' that Mexicans are rapists
Alabama chief justice: Marriage ruling worse than segregation decision
Drug-Sniffing Dogs Find Shipping Container Full Of Cocaine-Stuffed Shrimp
Glenn Beck Warns That His Radio Program Could Be Shut Down Because Of Gay Marriage Ruling
The News In Pictures - First openly gay US baseball player and pitcher Sean Conroy, right, shakes hands with catcher Isaac Wenrich
The Phrase 'Trigger Warning' Is Now Also A Trigger.
Driver Charged With OUI After Crashing Into Rowley Gas Station
State registrar makes marriage license application gender-neutral
Rest Easy, Charlotte. The 94-Year-Old Marijuana Consumer Has Been Arrested!
Disney bans selfie sticks at theme parks over safety concerns
Alabama County Stops Issuing Marriage Licenses Altogether
Reincarnation of living Buddha needs gov't approval
Woman rips ATM open with bare hands in China
Franklin County homeowner said he feared for his life before killing intruder - for 2nd time this year
iPhone 6 'explodes' in middle of call
North Charleston Police Officer arrested for posting Facebook picture of him in Confederate flag underpants.
US gay verdict: Bobby Jindal wants to get rid of Supreme Court
Healthy 24-year-old woman to be euthanised in Belgium - Update
Married Man Gets Caught Having Secret Affairs With 17 Women
'Buff' silverback gorilla drawing crowds of women to Japanese zoo
5 Things Jesus Would Say to the Gay Community
Beginner's Guide to Explain Simple LED Flashlight
American Family Radio Host Rants Against Gay Marriage Ruling: "6/26 Is Now Our 9/11"
Apparently, Talking About Periods as a Women's Issue Is Transphobic
Japanese women swooning over Metrosexual/Spornosexual Gorilla
Cockroaches made me want new $615 mn palace: Turkey's Erdogan
Partyers leave mess behind in Bronte park
Primal Instincts: Hunky Ape Has Japan Swooning
Florida man upset after siblings sell family's historic slave cabin
Family Flees $1.3m Home Over 'Watcher' Threats
A Woman in China has been detained after tearing open an ATM with bare hands claiming it 'ate' her card
Retired Cop: Escaped Murderer Is Armed With Huge Penis
Disney World will ban selfie-sticks from its theme parks
Teacher Allegedly Put Autistic Student in Trash Can to 'Shake Out the Grouchy'
DEEP FRIED BIG MAC!
KKK Moves To Recruit New Members With Candy, Messages Of Hate
Glenn Beck Warns That 10,000 Pastors Are Willing To Die Opposing Marriage Equality
Congo's Army of Jack Bauers
Computer program watches YouTube, creates Super Mario levels
Justice Clarence Thomas's anti-gay-marriage argument is that slavery wasn't so bad
German woman used tomato ketchup to fake her own death
Shocker: 'Summer in Syria' Tourism Campaign Flops
At the helm of the power boat Naut Guilty when a teenage girl lost her right arm in the propeller
Man hospitalized after being struck in groin by banana; search for evidence "fruitless" says responding officer
Baile ban? Adults fear Brazilian child stars getting too funky
Billionaire offering $250k to anyone who streaks in front of Rahm Emanuel
What kind of dad clothing are you? (/r/notclickhole?)
Glastonbury 2015: China issues strong warning to organisers about booking Dalai Lama
Donald Trump: 'I Have Great Respect for Mexico'
Denmark to get a 1-party minority government
Court rails against judge who didn't show for jury duty
This guy set himself on fire for God.
Texas Pastor Now Says He Didn't Mean He'd Really Set Himself Aflame
Keep the government out of my Obamacare!
Oregon men hospitalized, recovering after rare beaver attack
Japanese women flock to see 'handsome' and 'sexy' gorilla.
Japanese women go ape over 'handsome' gorilla named Shabani
Teen Tricks New York Times Into Reporting That Dylann Roof Was a Brony
South Carolina Threatens To Secede From The Union If Confederate Flag is Removed
Troll Tricks NY Times Into Reporting Dylann Roof was a Brony
U.S. Forest Service Warns Against Campers Drinking Tecate Beer, Eating Tortillas and Playing Spanish Music
Someone posted a youtube video of a guy riding a moose after jumping on its back from a boat. Now the Conservation Officers are looking for them.
$15 Minimum Wage Advocacy Group Posts Facebook Job Listing That Pays $12 An Hour
Republican Sen. James Inhofe: My Gay Friends Think Court Ruling Was Bad
Be warned, London tourists: The Queen's Guard have had enough of you
There's a creature that looks like Donald Trump's hair and it slithers around in the forest
Schickel cancels Pickle Feast
Women go ape over sexy gorilla at Japanese zoo
Controversial 'Abortion Drone' Set to Make First Flight
Children 'Terrified' After Theater Plays 'Insidious' Instead of 'Inside Out'
Univ. of WI Releases List of Microaggressions; Saying "Everyone can Succeed" Now Racist
Hundreds injured in water park fire
GOP Candidate Bobby Jindal wants to disband the Supreme Court
Gucci Mane raped in prison
Little League Team Picture Features Players And Coaches 'Flipping The Bird,' Incites WV Community
Retired farmer must pay more in alimony than monthly income, Nebraska Supreme Court rules
Driver cheats death on Chinese motorway as huge saw blade cuts into car bonnet
Sep Blatter says he did not resign
CNN spots 'ISIS' at gay pride parade. It's actually a sex toys flag.
GOP Sen. Inhofe: A Lot of My Gay Friends Think SCOTUS Decision Was Bad
Is Michael Jackson Moonwalking In The Clouds 6 Years After His Death?
Garrison Keillor's reign of terror over America's airwaves finally set to end
CNN spots 'ISIS' flag at gay pride parade. It actually consists of sex toys.
CNN Freaks Out About Buttplug Flag At Pride Parade
Guy Got Mad at NBC for Their "Gay Pride" Rainbow Logo
Can Gay Marriage Defeat the Islamic State?
CNN confuse ISIS flag with one covered in dildos at London gay pride march
CNN Mistakes Dildo-Covered Flag at Pride Parade for ISIS Flag
CNN mistakes 'buttplug' flag for ISIS flag at gay pride parade
France beheading attack: Suspect sent selfie with head
China criticizes U.S. human rights record
CNN spots 'ISIS' flag at Pride rally, actually pictures of dildos
CNN Reports On a Suspicious "ISIS FLag" at London Pride March. It's Actually a Dildo Flag.
Donald Trump Piñatas for Sale in Mexico After Inflammatory Immigrant Remarks
CNN MISTAKES LONDON PRIDE DILDO FLAG FOR ISIS TERROR FLAG
CNN Mistakes Dildos for ISIS
Man trolls ISIS at LGBT pride event with fake penis flag and CNN thinks it's real
CNN Mistakenly Spots ISIS Flag At London Pride, Doesn't Notice Banner Is Made Up Of Dildos And Butt Plugs
Girl who sleeps for two weeks at a time
CNN mistakes flags with dildos on it for ISIS flag
Tennessee Lawmakers Say Sink is for Mops not Muslims
CNN Reporter Confuses a Bunch of Dildos and Buttplugs for an ISIS Flag
CNN Mistakes Sex Toy Flag For ISIS Flag At London Gay Pride
CNN Claimed to Spot an ISIS Flag at a Gay Pride March. It Was Actually a Drawing of Sex Toys.
CNN Mistakes Sex Toy Flag for ISIS Flag at Gay Pride Parade
Australia-raised Shabani the gorilla now a heart-throb in Japan
Barack Obama is gay.
Australian Government Contractors Will Now Go to Jail for Reporting Child Abuse in Detention Centers
ISIS militant kills fellow fighters in Kobani, frees hostages
Belgian Doctors Euthanize Patients Without Their Consent
Man 'did a poo at zebra crossing and splashed five-year-old child'
BLM demands Burning Man provide 24-hour access to ice cream
Woman, 35, traumatised after losing teddy bear in Manchester city centre
Cruz Proposes Supreme Court Elections to Counter 'Judicial Tyranny'
CNN Thought Dildo-Covered Flag At Gay Pride Parade Was ISIS Flag
Bear crashes Lehigh University party, gets tranquilized
Alibi app lets smartphones record video, audio, location 24/7
Taiwan Waterpark Dust Color Party explosion, 474 injured, 1 dead. Scene like something from hell.
Black student embraces confederate flag, receives offer to join the KKK
Ninth Circuit Upholds Ban On U.S. Flag Shirts
CNN confuses butt plug and dildo banner for ISIS flag at Pride
CNN Mistakes Sex Toys for an ISIS Propaganda Flag
CNN Guest Who Said Confederate Flag Removal Is 'Cultural Genocide' Thinks Booth Waited Too Long to Kill Lincoln
Report: FAA probes drone use by Patriots, other NFL teams
Miracle cat found alive after spending two months in a mattress
@aldotcom: Alabama teen goes on chicken massacre when mother didn't fix his relationship, deputies say
Former Bush officials teaching course on Iraq War 'decision-making'
Pedophiles want same rights as homosexuals
Viewer mistakes NBC peacock for gay pride avatar
Man lives months with mom's corpse on couch
Glastonbury: Kanye West delivers headline set - US rapper Kanye West has delivered his highly anticipated Glastonbury festival set, telling fans he is "the greatest living rock star on the planet".
Why did fox kick Sarah Palin off the air ?
Japanese women go bananas over handsome gorilla at zoo
Man robs Tim Hortons, jumps into ocean, hiding under Canada Place pier
Black man arrested in NYC for not paying child support.
Walmart Makes ISIS Cake For Southerner, But Refuses Confederate Flag [Video]
Japan's nuns go speed-dating
Fire injures nearly 500 people attending party at Taiwan water park
Donald Trump Piñatas Popular in Mexico
World's Ugliest Dog award goes to hunchbacked mutt Quasi Modo
Bunny Ranch prostitute wants to be woman pictured on $10 bill
I'm a self-made millionaire, and here are the 10 best pieces of advice I can give you about money Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/money-advice-from-a-millionaire-2015-6#ixzz3eKMbmBE8
Sony Launches iPod Touch Clone, Calls It A 'Walkman'
Orthodox Christians Must Now Learn To Live as Exiles in Our Own Country
Man who portrayed Chief Osceola at FSU killed in gumbo spices argument
'Southern Lives Matter': Confederate flag supporters rally in Alabama
Refugee host school bans revealing clothes
Freeze sperm at 18, bioethicist urges men
Texas Governor Appoints Christian Homeschooler to Lead its Board of Education
Banks Sell Database Access to Blacklisted and Sanctioned Countries Guilty of Crimes Against Humanity
Lawmaker has bill drafted to do away with marriages in Utah
Water Park on Fire
Justice who voted against same-sex marriage is in once-illegal interracial marriage
Rats are full of wanderlust and dream about places they want to go
Man shoots downs neighbor's hexacopter in rural drone shotgun battle
Muslim Cleric's Warning: Cucumbers Too Sexy for Women
Florida man arrested after keeping mother's dead body on couch
North Korea Leader Kim Jong Un Likely Executed Architect Before Unveiling Shiny New Pyongyang Airport [PHOTOS]
Kanye declares himself 'greatest living rock star' during controversial Glastonbury set
Alabama Senate Passes Bill to Effectively Nullify All Sides on Marriage
Marcus Bachmann Files For Divorce, Fresh on Heels of SCOTUS Ruling
2015 Women's College World Series viewership bettered Men's College World Series by 31%
Man with 29 Miley Cyrus Tattoos realises he doesn't want 29 Miley Cyrus Tattoos.
NASCAR chairmen: ban the confederate flag at races
"We are so excited to introduce these amazing new Quinoa Bowls that we wanted to do something big, maybe even a little crazy," said Kevin Mayer, exec VP at BJ's Restaurant
Local Man Mistaken for Killer David Sweat
Over 470 people are injured in Taiwan in a water park fire
Kendall Jenner just broke Instagram...
Asian parents who stress academic success could be hurting their children, expert says
Pregnant Grad Student Gives Pro-Lifers 3 Days to Donate $1 Million to Her Unborn Baby or Else She Will Have an Abortion
Ken Ham Criticizes Pixar's 'The Good Dinosaur' for Likely Evolution Themes; Says There's 'Plenty of Evidence' Dinosaurs and Man Lived Together
Michael Bay to produce remake of Alfred Hitchcock's The Birds
Sydney car spot sells for $120,000 at auction
Texas woman arrested for unwanted BJ
The Dalai Lama appears on-stage at Glastonbury music festival to comment on the Islamic State
A man named Rod gets struck by lightning twice
A man named Rod gets struck by lightening twice
Trump Blames Obama For His Clothing Line Made In China
Glastonbury: Dalai Lama warms up for Lionel Richie
Conservative Party of Canada using ISIS video screen grabs in attack ad against the Liberals... absolutely insane
Cat stationmaster Tama mourned in Japan, elevated as goddess
Walmart Apologizes For Making ISIS Flag Cake After Denying Request For Confederate Flag
Ted Cruz Sings 'Somewhere Over the Rainbow' to No Reaction in Iowa
Guelph man jailed for stabbing his brother in argument over slice of pizza
Legalization of gay marriage will lead to legalization of pedophilic relationships
Guelph mom shocked eight-year-old told to put on her top at public pool
A Woman from UK calls the police after she was unhappy with her new haircut
Newfoundland man drives 18 km in wrecked car, cannot remember hitting moose: "Hey buddy! You got no roof on your car"
Mike Huckabee compares the legalization of gay marriage to the civil rights movement...except the Christian Right are the ones being persecuted.
Final Fantasy 7 Remake Director Didn't Know He Was in Charge of Project
American Al Qaeda to ISIS: No Paradise for You
WI Gov. Scott Walker Challenges Supreme Court Justices to Fist Fight
Huckabee predicts MLK-like resistance to gay marriage. Oh jesus... this should be good.
Greek Prime Minister Says Greek Bank Deposits "Completely Safe"
Hundreds Treated for Burns After Fire at Taiwan Water Park
Paris Hilton convinced she's about to die in plane crash prank
CNN confuses butt plug and dildo banner for ISIS flag at gay pride parade
Escaped prisoner Richard Matt shot three times in the head, autopsy reveals
Earthquake hits city of Volcano in Hawaii
The pastor insists that Jewish influence and money were being used to destroy Christian culture and values globally.
Sex Offenders Now Required To Have Transparent Rainbows On Their Facebook Profile Image
This Small Town Hosts a Beauty Pageant Exclusively for Goats
NEWS/ Kanye West Sings Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody" at Glastonbury, Calls Himself the "Greatest Living Rock Star"
Japanes women flock to zoo to admire "handsome" gorilla
Sci-Hub Tears Down Academia's "Illegal" Copyright Paywalls
Same-sex marriage opponents will go the path of MLS
Não brinca com que vc não sabe..
Al Qaeda denounces ISIS find them horrifying and tells them Jihad is not a video game
Urine trouble at Glastonbury: Kanye, that amber liquid they're throwing isn't beer...
Cat stationmaster Tama mourned in Japan and elevated as goddess
Lutheran pastor says Jews to blame for destroying Christian values after US approves gay marriage
py pigeon jailed in India accused of working for Pakistani intelligence
Huckabee: Same-sex marriage opponents "will go the path of" MLK
Soccer player caught burying finger deep into opponent's ass
This Restaurant Will Give You $10,000 in Gift Cards If You Name Your Baby 'Quinoa'
Mom of 11-year-old pregnant girl in Paraguay: I tried to get helpLong before the case of a pregnant child in Paraguay...
Huckabee predicts MLK-like resistance to gay marriage ruling
MP forgives man charged with robbing him - VIDEO
'Jewish cow' is udderly superior to all other cows in the world, Netanyahu says
Sanskrit should be propagated to purify minds of people: Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj
Kanye West declares himself as being 'the greatest living rockstar' at his Glastonbury set
Uncle of Paraguay hero Gonzalez dies after Copa America victory
Anger in Moscow as Russian village prints own currency
Three kinds of prostatitis treatment
Bobby Jindal's latest campaign slogan: 'Tanned. Rested. Ready.'
Bristol Palin Defends Herself: "This Pregnancy Was Actually Planned"
'Black Lives Matter' Protesters DISRUPT Chicago Gay Pride Parade!! Pandemonium Ensues
Man lying in tent run over and killed
With Knife Murders Spiking After Gun Ban, UK Urges "Save A Life - Surrender Your Knife"
Serial public masturbator arrested by Beaverton police
University bans use of phrase "everyone can succeed" because the administration has deemed it racist
California professors instructed not to say 'America is the land of opportunity'
Bristol Palin: Just Kidding, My Pregnancy Was Actually Planned
Latest Design Bags Fashion Ladies Handbag - Buy Fashion Ladies Handbag,Newest Style Ladies Handbag,Shopping Fashion Bag Ladies Handbag Product on Alibaba.com
Aussie MP worried that gay marriage will lead to right to bear arms
Psychiatric doctors in Spokane resign, say they can't keep up with workload
Korean Jew Says Antisemitic Stereotypes in Korea Are Actually Just Compliments
Bernie Sanders Predicts He'll Win White House
Newly Model Latest Designer Shoulder Bag - Buy Latest Designer Shoulder Bag,Shoulder Bag Long Strap Bag,Latest Shoulder Bags Handbags Product on Alibaba.com
Gavrilo Princip: Serbia erects statue in honour of man who assassinated Archduke Franz Ferdinand
Abstinence spokesperson Bristol Palin says her second unwed pregnancy is okay because she wanted more children .. eventually
Paid protesters, some of them from Mexico, held up signs on behalf of a Jewish group that opposes same-sex marriage
ComEd did some tree trimming at my work
UC teaching faculty members not to criticize race-based affirmative action, call America 'melting pot,' and more
Trump: It'll cost me 'peanuts' to run for president
Cubs Fan Catches Foul Ball in One Hand With Baby in Other
Bristol Palin Shares Ultrasound Photo; Says Pregnancy Was Planned
I Am Black and Gay, But I Refuse to be Proud This Weekend
NT man drives his 4WD on top of another man's car in revenge attack, then posts pictures to Facebook
Mike Huckabee invokes Martin Luther King to criticize same-sex marriage
Woman stranded in Plumas forest for three days, gives birth and starts forest fire.
Asda refuses to give couple their baby photos back as they were "too good to be theirs"
University Academics Say Pedophilia Is 'Natural, And Normal For Males To Be Aroused By Children'
Australian town infested with 25,000 venomous tarantulas in 'mega cluster'
Iceland's Pirate Party surges into first place in the polls
Chilean football player banned for sticking his finger up another player's anus
Ted Nugent: N-word historically 'powerfully positive'
Morning Glory Diner's 'Scalia is a Douche' breakfast special sells out in record time
Former Guantanamo inmate nowhere to be found in Estonia
Makueni MP withdraws complaint against suspect accused of robbing him
Russian Entrepreneurs Launch Toilet Paper Covered in Text of Western Sanctions
Grateful Dead's reunion concert ends with controversial $50,000 rainbow
California Assembly approves one of the toughest vaccination laws in the US
Chevy Issues Press Release Written Entirely in Emojis, Tries Way Too Hard
Man forgets glasses, mistakenly buys winning lottery ticket
Butter lettuce infestation takes over woman's lawn
Connecticut man forgets glasses, mistakenly buys $30K winning lottery ticket
The first person I spoke to queueing for cash in Greece blamed a Rothschild-led Zionist conspiracy for the crisis
Man On His Third Wife Has No Good Defense For His Support Of 'Traditional' Marriage
Man who ate 'magic sauce' pasty filled with poo is evicted from flat
Glastonbury-goer flies Kim Kardashian West SEX TAPE flag during her husband Kanye West's performance
Mac and cheese destroyed a Toronto neighbourhood
Over 3000 people in Japan attend cat's funeral which was a honorary stationmaster at a Japanese Railway company
Texas Defends A Woman's Right To Take Her Placenta Home
Read These Email Headlines from Rand Paul: Is He Gonna Be OK?
Earthquake hits Volcano in Hawaii
Why Ted Cruz watched pornography with Supreme Court justices
Walmart store bakes man an ISIS cake after refusing to ice Confederate flag design Read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3142555/Walmart-store-bakes-man-ISIS-cake-refusing-ice-Confederate-flag-design.html#ixzz3eSmN9WF2 Follow us: @MailOnline on Twitter | DailyMail on Facebook
Cairo court clears 'S&M Queen' from porn-related charges
Mosaic of Pope, 'Made Out of 17,000 Non-Lubricated Condoms,' Coming to Milwaukee Art Museum
Erdoğan's toilet isn't golden, eccentric Turkish model confirms
Argentinian man has life saved after screaming "Messi" to his Nigerian captors.
Central Russian Officials Crack Down on Yoga in Bid to Stifle Spread of Occultism
Don't Believe In Evolution? Try Thinking Harder
Pope plans to chew coca leaves in Bolivia - minister
Report: Former FSU mascot stabbed to death over gumbo recipe
Walmart store bakes man an ISIS cake after refusing to ice Confederate flag design
Wal-Mart apologizes for turning down Confederate flag cake, baking an ISIS cake: We didn't know any better.
US Supreme Court will not re-hear API copyright case under urging of White House.
Police use water cannons to stop Gay Pride parade... but end up creating a beautiful rainbow
Supreme Court death penalty: Writhing prisoner took 43 minutes to die but judges say use of midazolam is constitutional
Only in America: Mississippi police unable to arrest man terrorizing Walmart shoppers with loaded gun
Papania: Open carry situation could have turned into 'violent misunderstanding'
Two Uber managers detained in France over 'illicit' low-cost service
Chinese reality show not-so-subtly obscures headscarf-clad actress
Man Dies When Large Firework He's Holding Next To His Head Explodes
Uncharted 4's new tech gives Drake "chest hair that blows in the wind"
Turkey Plans to Invade Syria, But to Stop the Kurds, Not ISIS
Illinois teacher fired for stepping on US flag during lesson on free speech
County Clerks in Texas can STILL refuse to issue marriage licenses if they feel it conflicts with their religious beliefs.
Man, 73, rides Ohio roller coaster for 12,000th time
Price of X-rated video said to have caused man to break store's door
Cannabis church: No marijuana smoking planned for service
Missouri woman who said Confederate flag isn't racist has ties to KKK
Teens Are Shitting in Hotel Swimming Pools for Sport | VICE | United States
Teens Are Shitting in Hotel Swimming Pools for Sport
Walmart Apologizes for Making ISIS Cake for Man Denied Confederate Flag Design
Man puts firework next to head, dies
"Little Flower 2" ending the occupation bewildering feeling hot search Shuang Cheng peaceful change cactus
Activists Invite You to Bring Your Own Flag to Burn at Charleston Protest
Paedophilia is natural and normal for males
Chinese actuality show not-so-subtle way obscures headscarf-clad actress - Shanghaiist
Catfish used to damage vehicle
Former FSU mascot stabbed over gumbo recipe
From Doubles Tennis to Internet Porn: My Year as a Supreme Court Clerk - Ted Cruz
Tama the cat: 3,000 attend elaborate funeral for Japan's feline stationmaster
NBC to Trump: You're Fired
First Ever Ginger Pride Festival In England To Happen In 2016
Former FSU mascot stabbed to death over gumbo recipe
5-Foot-Long Hairball Found Inside Teen Girl
US TV network NBC fires Donald Trump over Mexico comments
Anti-Gay Jewish Group Hires Mexican Laborers To Protest NYC Pride Parade
Rap group accuses Shia LaBeouf of plagiarism
NBC to Donald Trump: You're Fired
Avril Lavigne Breaks Down in Tears Over Her Battle With Lyme Disease
ISIS flag spotted at London gay pride march is actually full of dildos
A company is trying to sue an anonymous Yelp troll for ~$8 million
Lady Gaga Confused a Mariachi Festival With Chicago Pride
Anti-Gay Pastor: Gays Demanding Christians 'Come Out And Have Sex With Us'
Police in Turkey blast pride parade with water cannons, 'accidentally create rainbow'
NBC accused of changing its 30-year logo to 'gay colours'
George Zimmerman to star in pornographic film
Man In Giant Penis Costume Shoots Glitter Around Norway To Raise STI Awareness
Cops livid over proposed 'police reform' measures
Ted Cruz Reveals He Once Watched Porn with Supreme Court Justices
Giant glitter-spraying penis stars in Norwegian sex education advert
Jewish group pays Mexican laborers to picket gay pride parade in New York
The Time Ted Cruz Watched Hard-Core Porn With Two Supreme Court Justices
Ted Cruz watched hardcore porn with Supreme Court justices
Rapper Christ Bearer explains in crazy detail why he cut his dick off
Someone Is Trying to Crowdfund a Greek Bailout Because Why Not
Conservative's ISIS ad violates Geneva Convention, opposition says
Julie Bishop: Australia will use private firms like Coca-Cola to deliver aid
Orthodox Jews Can't Protest Gay Pride Parade, Hire Mexicans Instead
Pope 'plans to chew coca leaves during Bolivia visit'
Luka Magnotta who killed, mutilated and then ate a man signs up for dating website looking for "One who is loyal, preferably educated, financially and emotionally stable for a long term committed relationship"
Woman earns a living through farting
Deaf woman filmed plotting murder in sign language, Australian court hears
Brooke Romney: Why we are taking the fun out of life
Chinese Media Says Supreme Court Gay Marriage Ruling 'Hype' Will 'Induce Potential Homosexuals'
Over 1,000 People Get Sick After Mud Run Was Contaminated With Poop
Donald Trump Stares Forlornly At Tiny, Aged Penis In Mirror Before Putting On Clothes, Beginning Day
NBC fires White House hopeful Donald Trump for insulting Mexicans
Walmart apologizes for baking ISIS cake
Fathers' rights campaigner living on top of the Tyne Bridge leaves 5-star Tripadvisor review of his 'suite'
Hillary Clinton wants to sell you this 'Grillary Clinton' apron. But not just for that $30.
Startling Number Of U.S. Children Assaulted By Their Siblings, Study Finds
Wal-Mart apologizes after baking ISIS flag cake
Lady Gaga Denies Confusing Mariachi Festival for Chicago Gay Pride Parade
Kim Jong-un shows off airport designed by architect he likely had executed
The bride wore white and the groom wore out his batteries: First robot wedding in Japan takes place and even ends with a kiss
Is Trump a Double Agent for the Left?
Black Lives Matter Protesters Disrupt Chicago Gay Pride Parade
Ku Klux Klan to protest removal of Confederate flag on July 18 at the SC Statehouse
The people behind The Bible are making a NASCAR show
Lady Gaga Mistakes Chicago Mariachi Festival for Pride Parade
KKK chapter to hold rally on South Carolina Statehouse grounds
Portrait of Pope Benedict XVI Made of Condoms Sparks Controversy in Milwaukee
Clocks to read 11:59:60 tonight as time lords add leap second
First Ever Ginger Pride Parade Festival in England to Happen in 2016
Pat Robertson says gays will make Christians like anal sex and bestiality
DTE Energy asks for help after three crews robbed at gunpoint in Detroit while restoring power
Should a homeschooler be head of the Texas Board of Education?
There Is a Crowdfunding Campaign for a Greek Bailout
Jewish Group Hires Mexicans to Protest Gay Pride
Donald Trump Wants Oprah As His Vice Presidential Candidate
Luka Magnotta (AKA the Canadian Psycho) joins dating site for prisoners
Pilots fired for letting 'Playboy' playmate fly plane
US now has more Spanish speakers than Spain - only Mexico has more
Walmart apologizes for baking ISIS cake for customer denied Confederate flag cake
Google Photos Mislabels 2 Black Americans as Gorillas
Mysterious creaking noises in Lincolnshire put down to growing cauliflowers.
Egan: 'What the hell is this?' RCMP Musical Ride stuns with guns, military might
Woman who said rebel flag isn't racist has ties to KKK
Woman arrested for mango-related shooting
'Straight Pride' Posters Appear On Ohio's Youngstown State University Campus
'Son of Sam' Killer Converts to Christianity, Says 'Jesus Has Freed My Soul, Has Forgiven Me'
More than 1,000 runners fall ill after competing in French mud race where animal faeces had become mixed with the dirt
Mr Bean Cartoon Full Episode | Mr Bean Animated Cartoon (Series 5) HD
Disneyland and Disney World are banning the selfie stick
Killer in Canadian dismemberment case joins dating site
Pontefract woman's life saved by breasts after Mini Cooper hit her on A1 motoway
Walmart apologizes for baking ISIS flag cake after refusing Confederate flag design
Study founds Google search engine discriminates Bing and Yahoo
Blackstone and BlackRock Are Getting Into Each Other's Business
Peter Jackson turns home into replica of Bilbo's Hobbit house. (X-post r/movies)
Meet the 'Hookers for Hillary': Why Prostitutes Want Hillary Clinton for President
Report to VicRoads recommends cyclists be blameless in any crash with a driver
Computer museum seeks BBC Micro fixers
Fight over gumbo recipe leads to fatal stabbing, police in Florida say
These nuns want Katy Perry to keep her hands off their old convent
Six Air India crew members injured after captain forgot to announce landing
How Shouting 'Messi!' Helped An Argentine Man Survive A Nigerian Kidnapping
Reality doesn't exist until it is measured, quantum experiment finds
WHICH BOURBONS SHOULD YOU DRINK WITH BEEF JERKY?
Google Plans To Integrate Railroad Crossing Locations In Maps Because Dumb People Keep Getting Hit By Trains
Man in wheelchair robs bank in New York, makes getaway
Al Qaeda to ISIS: "Jesus Christ, calm it down lads!"
Llanelli expert called to remove snake from computer - ended up being cable
Cenovo MINI PC1 is a mini PC with Dual Boot powered by Intel Z3735F
Mugabe asks Obama to marry him
Katy Perry battling nuns in bid to buy former convent in Los Angeles
French drug dealers offer customer loyalty cards
Police call expert to remove snake from the back of computer, turns out to be a cable
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak says humans will be robots' pets
Michael Douglas Regrets Attributing His Cancer to His Wife's Vagina
After the United States legalized gay marriage, Robert Mugabe asks Barack Obama to marry him.
Fight over gumbo spices leads to fatal stabbing in Florida
Characteristics of A Quality Eyeliner Explained
Tourist wants to track down happy husband and wife-to-be who she photographed getting engaged at the Eiffel Tower
Worried about Greece? Now you can bail it out yourself
Teenager killed a chicken every 15 minutes until his mother made up with his girlfriend
There's A Ginger Pride Festival Coming To Britain
A truly Canadian police chase
Walmart Apologizes for Making ISIS Cake
A Man With Explosive Diarrhoea Has Been Charged With A Crime After His Ferocious Poo Hit A Child
A Man With Explosive Diarrhoea Has Been Charged With A Crime After His Ferocious Poo Hit A Child | The LAD Bible
Put down that pint and go to Indiegogo: Greece needs your help
Man in Wheelchair Robs Bank
Wayback Burgers introduces cricket milkshakes on April 1 - and it is not an April Fools' joke
Australian politics infiltrated by Italian mafia
Bristol Palin earned more than $300,000 as an abstinence advocate
Greek turns to crowdfunding in order to pay back debt.
Ku Klux Klan to host pro-Confederate flag rally and believes Dylann Roof 'was heading in the right direction'
Walmart Refused To Bake Him A Confederate Flag Cake, So He Ordered An ISIS One Instead (VIDEO)
Stephen Hawking makes it clear: There is no God
Sneezing assaults: Carlisle man denies string of attacks
Norristown man fined for trying to sell roadkill online
China Attacks America For Human Rights Record
Domestic Violence Victim's Family Funds Programs For San Diego County Kids
A man is trying to crowdfund €1.6bn to bail out Greece and wants your help
'Oh, it's definitely a sport,' says Israeli Diving Chess inventor
Would You Buy A Used Car From A Man Named Beer Horse?
Cops Raid Medical Marijuana Patient, Take Her Vibrator in Asset Forfeiture
For sale: Former prison with mountain view, sleeps hundreds
Walmart apologizes for making ISIS flag cake after denying to make confederate flag cake
Eritrea government caught in ironic plagiarism of UN statement from North Korea dictatorship
Someone has started a crowdfund to pay off Greece's debt and it's picking up. (
Someone is trying to crowdfund a Greek bailout, and donations are surging.
Ted Cruz recalls watching hardcore porn with some Supreme Court justices
Crowdfunding campaign raises cash for Greek bailout
Lady Gaga Insists She Didn't Mistake Mariachi Festival for Chicago Gay Pride
Tree trimming fail when ComEd needs just certain branches out of the way.
The Shocking Math of "Retiring" in Your 20s
Hong Kong police officer says protester assaulted him with her breast
On Facebook, Cookie Monster is 10 times as popular as Hillary Clinton
The dentures made from the teeth of dead soldiers at Waterloo
Reason for recent spike in shark attacks: Too many people in the ocean
Former FSU mascot fatally stabbed in fight over gumbo recipe
Skateboards are the new comb-over for men chasing their youth
30 churches around the world using facial recognition to track congregants that skip services
Good-looking gorilla has crowds going gaga at Higashiyama Zoo | The Japan Times
Microsoft exec: Bing is a self-sustaining business
Pigeon suspected of being Pakistani SPY is 'arrested' in India
Chris Christie Announces 2016 Presidential Campaign
Peter Jackson turns home into replica of Bilbo's Hobbit house
Why some black defenders of the Confederate flag say slavery was 'a choice'
Jasper couple wed on same day as parents 34 years later
CNN Reporter Denies Ever Reporting on ISIS Dildo Flag as Network Never Offers Correction
Woman 'robbed' of money that was in her 'private parts'
prominent opposition journalist from Azerbaijan, receives death threat from president Aliyev !
North Dakota Legislator Calls Homosexuals Mentally Ill on Facebook
Global markets spooked by looming 'leap second'
Google Scrambles After Software IDs Photo of Two Black People as "Gorillas"
Giant Penis Sprays Confetti To Promote Safe Sex ... Come Again?
Justice Alito Defends Lethal Injection Expert Who Did His Research on Drugs.com
Thousands Are Sick After Participating In A Mud Run Because The Mud Was Actually Animal Poop
Former FSU Mascot Dead After Being Stabbed Over Argument About Gumbo Recipe
Sheriff: Perfume bottle shaped like a grenade caused bomb scare, closed courthouse
Google wants to turn your entire body into a keyboard
Jews hire Mexicans to dress as Jews and protest Gay Pride
ISIS BURNS CIA OPIUM FIELDS IN AFGHANISTAN
Russia to review 1991 decision to recognise independence of Baltic states
Nazi space aliens rule US: report
80,000 students of Class X fail English in Punjab: 'Leak of interest,' say teachers
Toyota Camry Tops Ford F-150 as the Most American Made Car
Row over police officer buying shoelaces has cost £500k, lawyer says
A college balks at Hillary Clinton's fee, books Chelsea for $65,000 instead
Gay flag burning goes awry, destroys Brooksville trailer park and kills 9
Torontonians getting creative to bypass HOV lane restrictions
Ferrets on a train: Peers told to 'take care' with animals
Prison Inmate Wins More than 40% of Democratic Vote Over President Obama in WV Primary
Chief Pirate voices support for Greece
Lawsuits are expensive. And it's not really an accident.
Condiment lovers have a caterpillar to thank
Woman who spun stranger's son too fast on a merry-go-round is sentenced to jail
Woman arrested for public nuisance for spinning 'distressed' four-year-old on Burleigh playground ride
Portland man arrested for violent tantrum after seeing Comcast worker in bedroom
A British man crowdfunding a Greek bailout has raised a 6-figure sum
Man flying Nazi flag outside his home says he will take flag down soon, says he is not racist, just likes flags
I ate Sriracha hot sauce on everything for an entire day
Greece bailout crowdfunding campaign aims to raise €1.6bn
Koala takes over news camera duties at Australian zoo
Macon Wal-Mart mob wanted to see how much damage it could do
Gay boy was raped by mother to cure his homosexuality
Snake man back in court
Worcester Drug Dealer Pretends To Be Undercover Cop While Robbing Real Undercover Cop
Ted Cruz 'auditions' for The Simpsons
Luka Magnotta, Convicted of Killing Lover, Joins Dating Site Seeking 'My Prince Charming'
Google dev apologizes after Photos app tags black people as "gorillas"
Drug cops took a college kid's life savings and now 13 police departments want a cut
First same-sex divorce in New Orleans comes before first marriage.
Man in wheelchair robs New York bank, gets away
Proposal of the Day: Zimbabwe President Mugabe Says He Will Ask President Obama to Marry Him
Stranded Woman Starts Forest Fire In Desperate Attempt To Get Help After Giving Birth In Woods
Luke Ridnour traded for fourth time this offseason, sent to Raptors
BuzzFeed Gets Ted Cruz to Audition for The Simpsons
Why This Black Defender of the Confederate Flag Says that Slavery was a "Choice"
Police: Man steals car from Boynton home, tries to sell it back to owner
N.Korean President executes airport architect because he didn't like the design
Jewish group hire Mexican labourers to protest NYC Pride
#Christie2016: Campaign Announcement Hashtag Attracts Nothing But Fat Jokes
'Abortion drone' delivers safe abortions and political statement to Poland
Shia LaBeouf, Serial Plagiarizer, Ripped Off Part of His Rap Freestyle
Norway wants $5.1m from Catholic church for fraud
Robert Mugabe, President of Zimbabwe, publicly proposes to Obama to marry him.
Impaired driver leads police chase into Tim Hortons drive-thru
No hate crimes found in 6 black church fires
Grenada County Clerk quits early over same sex marriage ruling
Alex Rodriguez is up for "Comeback Player of the Year" after missing last season for steroid abuses.
Young musician tries to work for 50 days.
Orthodox Hire Mexicans To Wear Tzitzit and Protest Gay Pride
Nasa's Curiosity Rover spots PYRAMID on Mars - is it proof of an ancient civilisation?
Donut shop owner offers 25 dozen donuts as reward for stolen Cadillac
Woman gives birth, fights off bees, starts wildfire in Northern California
Google Photos labels two black people as gorillas. Outrage ensues.
NASA's Curiosity Rover Spots 'Pyramid' on Mars? (VIDEO)
$1.8-billion Indiegogo campaign rushes to Greece's rescue
South Dakota county clerk threatens to marry her dog after Supreme Court legalizes same-sex marriage
Donald Trump bans Univision staff from his Miami golf resort
I created the Isis dildo flag at London Pride to start a dialogue, not get a laugh
Alex Trebek Rapping the Fresh Prince Theme Is Really, Really Creepy
If Rihanna Open Carries Her Guns, So Can You
Will Pope Francis chew coca leaves during his Bolivia trip?
Roy Moore's lawyer to Gov. Bentley: 'Public officials are ministers of God'
Man Arrested After Overnight Search Walks Out Of Local Hospital ER
Man arrested after stealing 7 Up..
Death of Maryland boy pushed in swing for three days ruled homicide
A man with explosive diarrhea at Glasto has been charged with a crime after his poo hits child
Woman gets lost in a forest, gives birth, fights off bees, accidentally starts a wildfire, then survives on apples.
Man Launches A Crowdfunding Campaign In Order To Bail Out Greece
Someone gave a girl scout group $100,000 on the condition they don't allow LGBT people in, so they give it back and now have over $100,000 from donations.
CNN Confuses "Marital Aides" Flag with ISIS Flag
Donald Trump sues Univision for $500 million on the grounds of freedom of speech after being kicked off the network for immigration remarks
Orthodox Jewish Group Hires Mexican Day Laborers to Protest Gay Pride Parade
Chris Christie runs for president, vows to turn America into New Jersey
Leap second: all the latest developments and reaction - live!
Tennessee Hardware Store Puts Up 'No Gays Allowed' Sign
New York mother arrested after police say she tied her son to a bush
Town hosts $5 raffle to Tase a city official
Cruz watched porn with Supreme Court justices
Walmart refused to make a Confederate flag cake, instead made Isis cake
US retailer Walmart apologises for making ISIL cake
"Church of Cannabis" Will Worship Without Weed for a Change
Teacher Fired for Stepping on U.S. Flag while Teaching a Lesson on Free Speech
Restaurant offers 10k to any couple who names their baby Quinoa
Rapper says he's proud of cutting off his penis
White Professor: White People "Should Commit Mass Suicide"
Rabbit hunter died in freak accident after getting his head stuck in a hole on New Year's Day
Woman dies after fire in Taiwan water park
Illinois teacher fired for stepping on US flag during free speech lesson
Lost woman gives birth in remote area, starts wildfire for rescue
Indiegogo campaign seeks to send Greece a bailout
Does Sen. Ted Cruz have what it takes to be on 'The Simpsons'?
Why this black defender of the Confederate flag says slavery was 'a choice'
North Koreans turn to squid soup to ward off Mers virus
Child Sex Offender Somehow Goes On Revere Church Field Trip Without Anyone Noticing
the poor gotta remain poor for fast food barons to turn a profit
Misguided Men Convinced Skateboarding Is a Chick Magnet
Emilia Clarke Fractured Her Hip Breakdancing with Arnold Schwarzenegger!
Handgun-shaped smartphone case alarms police
The world's tallest cow dies after a lifetime of Photoshop accusations
Woman, 24, found pushing her DEAD three-year-old son in a swing at park... and police say she may have been there all night
Mexico Boycotts Miss Universe Over Trump Slur
Donald Trump files $500 MILLION lawsuit against Univision hours after the hosts of Miss USA quit and Miss Mexico drops out of the Miss Universe
1,000 runners ill after French Mud Run. Mud contained horse manure.
How Mexico is going to make Donald Trump pay
Hawaii politician gets beaten by homeless people years after destroying their belongings with sledgehammer
Chris Christie becomes 435th candidate to declare for 2016 election
Google developer apologises after Photos app tags black people as gorillas
Hawaii Lawmaker Who Smashed Homeless People's Shopping Carts Beaten Up By Group Of Homeless: Report
Katy Perry in a real estate battle with nuns
Man evicted from shared flat after cooking and eating poo-filled pasty
Hawaii Lawmaker Assaulted at Homeless Camp
Sprint announces All-In pricing plan with unlimited talk, text, data and throttled video streaming
Surveillance Court Rules That N.S.A. Can Resume Bulk Data Collection
Women go crazy over a handsome gorilla at the zoo
Jews hire Mexican laborers to protest against gays at New York Pride Parade
Police in Turkey try to stop Pride parade with water cannons, accidentally create rainbows [x-post /r/pics]
Man jailed for not paying $749 fare for 300-mile cab ride
Selfie with dead grand-dad shocks nation
Made For Women: Gadgets To Help You Keep Fit
Russian officials ban yoga because it's too much like a religious cult
Mother Arrested After Police Say She Tied Her Son To A Bush
Speeding motorcyclist busted by own GoPro camera at 213 km/h
Man Arrested After Slow Speed Chase and Destroying Evidence, Police Say
Gay-marriage haters! You're not alone! [not a parody]
Who's Your Daddy? This Worm Injects Itself With Sperm to Get Pregnant
African-American "flagger" says Confederate flag isn't about race: "Slavery was a choice"
Woman Demands Pro-Life People Raise $1 Million or She Will Have an Abortion
French man risking prison after being arrested while having intercourse with a pony
Utility: Crews robbed at gunpoint restoring power in Detroit
'Cute black puppies' raised by villager for two years turn out endangered black bears
Google apologizes for tagging black people as gorillas in Photos app
Man courts whooping crane for three years to save it from extinction
German weathermen issue snow alert in heatwave
A man in a wheelchair has managed to rob a bank in New York before getting away without being arrested
Teacher Fired for Stepping on U.S. Flag During Lesson on Free Speech
Google Dev Apologises After Photos App Tags Black People As Gorillas
Man who chopped up his lover joins dating website
British Prime Minister is going to try and ban encryption
Chinese stock investors outnumber Communist Party members
Cellphone Case Shaped Like a Gun 'Very Dangerous:' Police
Man in wheelchair robs bank of more than $1.000
Actor Channing Tatum to go for 'dad bod' after 'Magic Mike XXL'
Quirky Studio The Little Volcano Brings Cat Yoga To Asheville.
Dubai to build world's first 3D printed office
Mexican police arrest a woman after she refused to do her husband's laundry
Florida woman finds unknown dead woman inside her SUV
Mugabe: I'll ask for Obama's hand
Donald Trump sues Univision ... Who didn't see that coming?
A porcupine meal makes for a very bad python day
Jim Carrey Slams School Vaccine Legislation: It's "Poisoning More Children"
Professor Who Called on White People to Kill Themselves: I was Just Trying to "Offend" People
MIAMI-DADE COMMISSIONER CALLS FOR COUNTY-WIDE DONALD TRUMP BAN
Google favors itself in searches, study says
Greece crisis: crowdfunding campaign crashes indiegogo raises half a million in three days
Dallas man wonders how he ended up naked in closet
Twitter employs only 49 African Americans despite diversity pledges
Kim Kardashian Talks About The Objectification Of Women
Boy Died As Mum Pushed Him On Swing For Two Days
Puerto Rico Could Really Use a Bankruptcy
Al Qaeda Trash Talks ISIS
Obama Removes TPP's Anti-Slavery Clause, Then Attacks Confederate Flag as "Symbol of Slavery"
Sugary drinks more deadly than violent crime in Mexico
Braves Manager Reminds Players He'll Throw Out All Unclaimed Steroids In Locker Room Fridge On Friday
Fundraiser lets residents to fire Taser at city official
Orthodox Jewish group hires Mexicans to dress up as Jews and oppose the NYC Pride Parade
Woman's parking citation tossed because of missing comma
Rowan County revoking all marriages
Surprise! ISIS is now using U.S. made missiles originally supplied to Syrian rebels
East Tennessee hardware store puts up 'No Gays Allowed' sign
Russian city attempting to ban yoga, likens it to cult
Kim: Beautiful millennials 'don't have a strong work ethic'
Police return stolen bicycle - nine years after theft
Woman Lost in Northern California Forest for Three Days Gives Birth, Starts Wildfire
Huffpo Writer: I Will Not Have Children So I Will Not Spread My 'White Privilege' Biologically
Man finds $70K worth of uncashed City of Phoenix checks in dumps
Swimmers BEWARE: Testicle-devouring killer 'Nutcracker' fish on it's way to the UK
Gay Marriage Opponents Act Like an Oppressed Minority in Catholic Group's Ad: Message styled as a coming-out announcement
Jim Carrey Brands California Governor 'Fascist' Over Vaccine Law
Up to 24 Million Instagram Accounts Are Spambots, Study Says
A giant glitter-shooting penis in Norway is trying to promote safe sex
Anti-Gay Orthodox Jews Hire Mexicans To Protest For Them At Gay Pride
Gastropub landlord guilty of chasing eccentric American to death with ironing board
Pay your bills with the blink of an eye
Churches remain divided over gay marriage, debate shifts from court to pews
Trigger Warning: "Trigger Warning" is By Definition Triggering and Should Be Replaced with "Content Warning"
LAKE FIRE: Police impostor now accused of impersonating firefighter (UPDATE)
Greek Bailout Fund: British shoe seller tries crowdfunding IMF debt repayment
Sepp Blatter doesn't believe in hell, wants all of his critics to go to jail, calls out the pope
A California Indian tribe wants to save bankrupt gunmaker Colt, "the gun that won the West"
University of Memphis professor: 'Whiteness is most certainly and inevitably terror'
Google Scrambling PR Team After Google Photos Mislabels an African American Couple as "Gorillas"
Google apologises after new Photos app auto-tagged black people as 'gorillas'
Police: Woman Tried to Hide Heroin under Burger
Pilots fired after letting Argentine model into cockpit. Now she plans to sue.
Facebook makes surprise change in its logo
Jim Carrey calls California governor a 'corporate fascist' for vaccine law
"UFO's" caught on Nasa camera, then Nasa cut feed! Thoughts?
Black defender of the Confederate flag says slavery was 'a choice'
Armed cops storm cafe in search of thief - which turns out to be ghost
Paying off Greece's debt - via crowd-funding
Three-year-old boy had been on park swing for 2 days when he was found dead, officials say
Anti-Arab swastika found...in Israel
Fox's Geraldo Rivera: "Hip-Hop Has Done More Damage To Young African-Americans Than Racism In Recent Years"
For years, ice cream vendor has battled rumors that he is a sex offender
Court Ruling: Ohio Veteran's Therapy Ducks Violate Local Law
Too Hot: Temperatures Messing With Sex of Australian Lizards
Woman Says She Won't Have Abortion If $1 Million Is Raised For Her Baby
Russian Officials Ban Yoga Because They Think It's "Occult"
Alleged Drug Dealer Specially Ordered 'Keep Kids Drug Free' License Plate
Google Photos Identifies Two Black Users As 'Gorillas'
Maryland boy, 3, was placed in swing by mother for nearly two full days, died of dehydration and hypothermia: police
'Ms. Oregon Leather' stripped of sexual fetish title, wants it back, plus $100,000
Hulk Hogan can wear his bandana in court for sex-tape trial
'Jane Doe' charged with resisting arrest refuses to give name
Daytona Speedway offers Confederate flag swap
Capitalism in action: Mexican selling Donald Trump pinatas
Now that we've legalized same-sex marriage, let's vote to make our flag the gayest in the world!
Dolphin Leaps Into Family's Boat, BLOOD SPRAYS EVERYWHERE
McDonald's all-day breakfast launching in Australia today
Hulk Hogan allowed "one plain bandana" at sex tape trial
'Dukes Of Hazzard' Gets Yanked By TV Land, Confederate Flag Controversy Likely To Blame
Teenage girl dies of heart attack after not going to the toilet for eight weeks
Hawaii Lawmaker Who Smashed Homeless People's Shopping Carts Beaten Up By Group Of Homeless
Google Photos image recognition labeled black people as 'gorillas'
Mother pushes dead three year old son in park swing for three days
Google apologizes after photo software tags black people as 'gorillas'
Google Photos Tags Two African-Americans As Gorillas Through Facial Recognition Software
Katy Perry plans to buy former convent scuppered by nuns
Couple married for 75 years die together
Woman gives birth, battles bees, starts fire in remote forest
North Carolina Man 'Started Punching' Shark When It Attacked
Riot breaks out at Metropolitan Remand Centre on eve of jail smoking ban
Orthodox Jewish group hires Mexicans to dress in traditional prayer garb and protest NYC Pride
Congrats, America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runner.
TV Land Pulls 'Dukes of Hazzard' Episodes Amid Confederate Flag Uproar
Illinois teacher fired for stepping on U.S. flag
Counterfeit popsicle stick gang busted in Turkey
Flatworm Reproduces by Using its Penis to Inject Sperm Into its Head
Man Caught On Video Stealing Flowers from Roadside Memorial
Fifa president Sepp Blatter: I'm not corrupt and will go to heaven one day
Global warming may cause sex changes in lizards
Sociology Prof: "Whiteness is Terror"
"ISIS" makes threats over tomato prices.
FOX News says Kendrick Lamar "has done more damage to young African-Americans than racism"
GOP Rep: Marriage Equality Decision 'Offensive' To Civil War Dead Because They Were 'Fighting To Further A Christian Lifestyle'
Turks attack a Chineese restaurant at protesting Uighur Turks suppression in China and end up beating the Uighur Turk cook working at the restaurant
Why racists target black churches
Briton launches crowdfunding campaign to pay off Greece debt
Convicted Porn Star Cannibal Luka Magnotta Joins Prison Dating Site To Find "Prince Charming"
The Guy Flying a Nazi Flag in North Carolina Says He's Not Racist, Just a Fan of Flags
Catholic Video Presents Bigots as the Victims of Marriage Equality
Google apologizes for mis-tagging photos of African Americans as "gorillas"
Google Photos tags black people as 'gorillas', puts pictures in special folder
Russia examines 1991 recognition of Baltic independence
Male bearded dragons that change sex make better mothers, study finds
In New York, a handicapped bank robber flees with cash in wheelchair.
Google engineer apologizes after Photos app tags two black people as gorillas
Tennessee business owner hangs "No Gays Allowed" sign in window
$5 could win you a chance to use Taser on city official
Black Suspect Arrested After Racist Message Discovered Outside Predominately Black Church
Confederate flag gets 'Dukes of Hazzard' yanked
Why Are Feminist Drones Dropping Abortion Pills On Poland?
Australia should not legalise same-sex marriage because Asia hasn't: Eric Abetz
Spring Valley mom left son, 4, tied to bush, cops say
A Giant Penis Is Roaming Around Jizzing Glitter On Unsuspecting People
Trumps sues Univision for $500 million
Robot kills worker at Volkswagen plant in Germany
'Abortion Drone' Delivers Pregnancy Termination Pills to Women in Poland
Supreme Court upholds use of controversial execution drug
Asians, Blacks and Latinos Mixing Up White Areas
Google Mistakenly Tags Black People as 'Gorillas,' Showing Limits of Algorithms
Husband and wife spend six years building fighter jet
Paul Thomas Anderson to Write Robert Downey Jr.'s 'Pinocchio'
Google apologizes after Photos app tags black couple as gorillas: Fault in image recognition software mislabeled picture
Canadian Farmers Offer $400,000 For Tips On 'Food Terrorists' Sticking Nails In Potatoes
Trump defends inflammatory comments, asks 'Who is doing the raping?'
Robot kills man at Volkswagen plant
America's politicians take courageous, bipartisan stand against peas in guacamole
CNN reporter mistakes sex toy flag for ISIS flag at London Pride Parade
Montana polygamist family applies for marriage license
Man accused of Taco Fest assault charged
Pope portrait made out of 1,700 condoms scandalises art-loving Catholics
Robot Kills Man At Volkswagen Plant In Germany
Shi LaBeouf stole freestyle from obscure female rap group
'Terminator' jokes abound as Sarah O'Connor reports on deadly robot accident
Robot Kills VW Worker, We Learn About It From Sarah O'Connor...
Financial Times employee Sarah O'Connor tweets about VW's killer robot, Twitter goes crazy
Homeless Jesus' sculpture dedicated in Detroit
Google apologises for racist blunder
'Well, somebody's doing the raping': Trump defends his statement on illegal Mexican immigrants
فيديو مسلسل لعبة ابليس الحلقة 14
Cops hate this iPhone case, issue warning
Man killed by a factory robot in Germany
Pope Francis plans to do cocaine during South American trip
Australian Government makes it illegal to report sexual or physical abuse of children in its refugee detention centres on Nauru (cross posted to r/worldnews)
Camera catches partially-dressed man breaking into dog kennel
Dolphin leaps onto boat, breaking woman's ankles
Witness: Man killed by police told officers 'shoot me'
These flatworms plunge their penises into their own heads to inject themselves with sperm (when they must).
President Obama says keep green peas out of guacamole, finds agreement in surprising places
First Church of Cannabis' inaugural service will not include weed
Plastic surgeons from different countries prefer different breast shapes
Pregnant woman lost in California woods gives birth, fights bees, starts wildfire
President Obama Will Absolutely Not Put Peas in His Guacamole
Kimilsungism-Kimjongilism to Be Studied at Ugandan University
'I've never seen this before': How a family outing took 'totally bizarre' turn after dolphin lands in boat, breaks woman's ankles
The robotic uprising has begun. Volkswagen robot murders 22 year old factor worker.
Trump says he loves Mexicans, believes Macy's 'folded' under pressure
Blind teacher in France told to supervise exams
Google apologizes for algorithm mistakenly calling black people gorillas
Google Photo App Labels Black Couple 'Gorillas
ROBOT GRABS, CRUSHES MAN AT VOLKSWAGEN PLANT IN GERMANY
Mayor Johnson asks for restraining order against City of Sacramento
No Chinese TV, Gundam Is Not a Real Military Weapon
Geraldo Rivera Says Hip Hop Worse than Racism
Ted Cruz Comes to the Defense of Donald Trump
"A robot has killed a worker in a VW plant in Germany", Sarah O'Connor reported
Google apologises after new photo app tags black Americans as gorillas
Son of columnist Julie Burchill (who suggested that male suicides should be left to get on with it) commits suicide
I Looked At My Son's Google Search History And It Was Just Hundreds Of Questions About Bugles Corn Snacks
Texas Farmer Killed After Tractor Disturbs Bee Hive
Woman swimming in Seattle pool hit by falling tree, injured
Texas farmer killed by swarm of bees
This iPhone case has police in a panic
The politician made famous for attacking violence in video games just pleaded guilty to gun-running and extortion
Leaping dolphin lands on boat and breaks woman's ankles
A Church of Cannabis Tests Limits of Religious Law in Indiana
What Do Snails Think About When Having Sex?
Google apologises after app tags black people as Gorillas
Chinese state media shows 'Gundam' as evidence of Japanese military aggression
A Dutch city is giving money away to test the "basic income" theory
Obama, Bush unite on guacamole
Kimilsungism-Kimjongilism to Be Studied at Ugandan University - Crosspost from /r/Pyongyang
South African music and arts festival makes performances accessible to deaf audiences through professional sign language interpreters
US woman gives birth, fights off bees, starts wildfire in northern California - News
South Australian Government sends 'deadbeats' to smaller, more remote island off coast of Australia.
Robot kills man at VW factory in Germany, the story is announced by Sarah O'Connor
[Video] Swedish news anchor accidentally calls fugitives "Kebab Technicians", and sings opera LIVE! (English Subtitles)
The 'humanitarian aid' aboard a recent flotilla to Gaza fit in two cardboard boxes
Robot kills man at German car factory
Man get's drunk and abuses boss - gets fired. Wins 'Unfair Dismissal' case because 'unlimited alcohol' was served by the boss...
(x-post from /r/soccer) Fifa president Sepp Blatter: I'm not corrupt and will go to heaven one day
USA Builds Giant Piloted Robot, Challenges Japan to a Robot Duel
Google apologizes for labeling black couple "gorillas"
Tennessee Store Owner Puts Up 'No Gays Allowed' Sign
Luka Magnotta online dating profile defended by website owner
Man downs 10 pints, sexually harasses colleagues and tells boss to f*** off - but wins unfair dismissal case
'No Gays Allowed,' Grainger County store owner defends controversial sign
Doctors Prepare For Increase In Heart Failure Patients After Independence Day
Guardian heatwave liveblog closes after servers overheat
Drunken Lawyer cuts woman's arm off in his boat "Naut Guilty"
Polygamous Montana trio applies for wedding license
Nude rape scene booed by Royal Opera House audience
Mexico: Local Mayor Marries Crocodile for Second Time [VIDEO]
Pilots Fired for Letting Playboy Model Take Mid-Flight Pictures in Cockpit
Argentina recalls its financial crisis, advises Greece
Dolphin leaps into boat, injuring woman in California
Charge against 'Naut Guilty' owner reduced in boating accident
2nd man charged in 'Naut Guilty' boating accident that severed woman's arm
'Vicious' fox traps eight people in Cambridgeshire sports club - BBC News
News anchor offended to see Festivus pole on Christmas, afraid for her children
Robot kills man at VW factory
Police: Couple found high on marijuana with baby at Burger King
Dolphin Dives onto Boat, Breaks Woman's Ankles, Punches Another in the Face
A man from Florida stole a car and tried to sell it to the owner for $200
It's hard to be anti-gay marriage these days
Blue Eyes Linked To Higher Risk Of Alcohol Dependence In New Study
How Long the Mom at a Maryland Park Pushed Her Dead Child on a Swing is Simply Chilling
Former exclusive beer brewer for Trump Hotels cuts ties, distributes remaining stock informally called "Fuck Your Hair"
Dangerous reading / dangerous etymology research
Cleared of Murder, a Man Punches His Lawyer
BBC decides dropping 'Islamic State' would be unfair to terror group
Dolphin Breaks Woman's Ankles, Punches Her Daughter
A Wharton professor discovered a psychological trick that will help you stop procrastinating
'Poles don't want immigrants. They don't understand them, don't like them'
Robot grabs factory worker at Volkswagen plant in Germany, crushing and killing him
81 things that Mike Huckabee has denounced
New gadget claims to zap you 'til you're zen: Does it work?
Woman in Mexico is put in jail for refusing to do husband's laundry
40 per cent of Canadians say summer is the most expensive season
Robot Kills Man At Volkswagon Plant
Black churches are burning & Fox News doesn't care
Google apologizes after app tagged black people 'gorillas'
This Professor Was Fired for Saying 'Fuck No' in Class
Car assembly line robot mortally injures worker in Germany
Robot Grabs, Crushes Man at Volkswagen Plant
Donald Trump Defends Immigration Comments: 'Somebody's Doing the Raping'
Whole Foods Apologizes for Routinely Ripping You Off
Hulk Hogan allowed "one plain bandana" in Gawker sex tape trial
Montana man seeks license for second wife
FCC Commissioner Says People Don't Need the Internet
Donald Trump: Only rich people should be allowed to play golf
"Ingress": When Google plays games in a concentration camp
China: Animal centres used to help predict earthquakes
Woman asks pro-life supporters for $1.5 million to stop her having an abortion
Google's Niantic Labs Sorry Over Death Camps in Smartphone Game
Economic exodus means two-thirds of Puerto Ricans may soon live in US
Man attacks woman with refried beans, police say
Feds won't permit Burning Man festival unless they get 24-hour ice cream service and clean toilets
A woman named Sarah O'Connor tweeted about a killer robot and Twitter went on a Terminator overdrive
"Gorillas" Google Photos uses racist tags on black friends, causing backlash
The Military Is Working on Making Humans as Disease-Resistant as Rats
US police warn public against using mobile phone cases that look like guns
Black Confederate flag supporter says 'slavery was a choice'
Flotilla Activists a Bit Relieved they Don't Have to Go to Gaza
Dog running for Schenectady mayor
Boy chained up with dead chicken around neck tells his story
Stephen Colbert shocks citizens across Southeast Michigan when seen hosting a local public access TV program, interviews rapper Eminem
Chicago to Apply 9% "Netflix tax"
Twitter explodes after woman named Sarah O'Connor accidentally tweets ultimate 'Terminator' reference.
Top Scientists Claim Aliens Are Real
'Wow, pulled back wrong throttle:' captain of crashed TransAsia plane
'Wow, Pulled Back on the Wrong Throttle,' Said TransAsia Crash Pilot Seconds Before Impact
Top Scientist Claims Aliens ARE Real And They Look Like Humans
Sepp Blatter: "If you call me corrupt, you should be arrested."
Magic Mike XXL Participates in Manjectification
NASCAR tracks unite, ask fans not to fly Confederate flag
Guacamole-gate: Why Everyone (Including President Obama) Hates This Recipe
Volkswagen robot factory worker takes a human life
Lionsgate and Hasbro team up for 'Monopoly' feature film based on board game
'Wow, pulled back on the wrong side throttle': Pilot of crashed TransAsia flight mistakenly shut off second engine
Fifa president Sepp Blatter says he has a clean conscience and anyone who calls him corrupt should be sent to jail.
Tom Cruise to leave the Church of Scientology soon
Google has removed the 'gorilla' tag from its new Photos app, after it was found to be misidentifying images of black people
The World's Only Parrot-Fronted Death Metal Band Just Released a New Album
Sister of Charleston shooting suspect asks for wedding donations
Sister Of Alleged Charleston Shooter Complains Massacre Ruined Her Wedding Day, Seeks Donations
Professor: White People Are Conditioned to Commit Mass Murder Like in Charleston
Police confiscate WW2 tank hidden in cellar
TripAdvisor denies rating system is flawed, after fake restaurant tops rankings in Italy
These are 10 of history's most fateful mistakes
Trolling Is Now Illegal in New Zealand
WaPo Op-Ed: Rainbow Flag Profile Pics Offensive to Gay People
Girl with toilet phobia dies from heart attack caused by constipation
NASCAR Asks Fans To Please Stop Flying The Confederate Flag
Farmer Offers 10 Acres of Pot for Malia Obama's Hand in Marriage
New York Times tells the world to start putting peas in guacamole, world says 'No'
News Crew Mugged While Reporting from a Crime Scene
Authorities discourage purchase of gun-shaped cell phone cases
Right-Winger Blames Taiwan Water Park Fire on US Gay Marriage
16-year-old with toilet phobia dies of heart attack after avoiding bathroom for months
Danish politician calls for tax on English words
GIANT REDHEADED CENTIPEDE FOUND CRAWLING IN TEXAS PARK
Dating site for Kentucky fans goes live, is actual, real thing that exists
Charleston shooting: Sister of gunman makes wedding appeal
Charleston shooter's sister launches GoFundMe to raise money for canceled wedding
Dylann Roof's sister apparently tried to raise money for her wedding and honeymoon
Robot grabs man, kills him in German car factory
German NGO organizes 'Rent a Jew' program
Walmart: We're sorry for making ISIL flag cake
Woman ran over by friend
Healthy Belgian Woman Granted Right To Die Due To Depression, She's Just 24-Years-Old
'Completely unpatriotic' thief steals lawnmower during Canada Day parade in Airdrie
How I, A Straight Woman, Managed to Make Marriage Equality All About Me
Murder plot, finger-chopping threats allegedly used by Baton Rouge drug network while selling cocaine out of daycare
The mystery of the 'Vauxhall cannibals'
Oops... CCTV thinks Gundam is part of the Japanese military
Senate gifts bong to Oregon lawmaker
Vicious fox traps eight people in Cambridgeshire sports club
Robot kills autoworker at Volkswagen plant
Citizens Don't Know What Country We Seceded From In 1776
A$AP Rocky: 'Hanging out with Rod Stewart is like seeing yourself 40 years older and white'
Crow Hitches a Ride on a Bald Eagle
Robot kills a VW plant worker
Newspaper obituary for boy, THREE, mauled to death by pit bull refers to child's strong 'pimp hand'
16-Year-Old Girl With Toilet Phobia Died Of Heart Attack Caused By Constipation
Same-sex marriage opponents 'come out' in new video
Oregon researcher wins $1.5 million to study how best to teach the ABCs to preschoolers
Costumed characters flee Times Square, invade Coney Island
Teen Girl Dies After Not Going To Bathroom For 8 Weeks Due To Phobia Of Toilets
Whole Foods admits to overcharging NYC customers
Dylann Roof's sister tried to crowdfund her wedding and honeymoon
Sex Performance at University Causes Scandal in Argentina
Report: Man Kills Self By Diving Under Carnival Ride In Naperville « CBS Chicago
North Carolina Man With Nazi Flag On His House Says He Just Likes Flags
Kings Mountain man says he'll remove Nazi flag
Scientists Say They Can Recreate Living Dinosaurs Within the Next 5 Years
Man buys puppies, only to turn out to be bears
Chicago Latino owned brewery renames their Trump beer "F*ck Your Hair"
Chase suspects drive truck into Mountain Creek Lake
Cruel men 'force fish to smoke cannabis' in appalling act of animal cruelty
The New York Times suggested adding peas to guacamole and now the world is burning
Obama Weighs In: No Peas In Guacamole
Grateful Dead Security Warned Fans May Be 'High' On 'Acid'
Meditating Portuguese actor mistaken for terrorist on Paris plane
New York Times goes to war with avocados
Black woman defending the confederate flag says slavery was a choice because slaves could have just died
Yunnan man keeps 'dogs' for 2 years before realizing they're black bears
Give peas a chance? Not in my guacamole, says Obama, and Jeb Bush agrees
A Detailed Statistical Analysis of the Man Meat Exposed in Each Magic Mike Film
Don't buy gun-shaped cellphone cases, authorities implore
Whole Foods Founder John Mackey, CEO Walter Robb Apologize for Overcharging
Bay Area news crews robbed on live TV while reporting on homicide
10-Year-Old Mimics Santa, Stuck In Chimney For Hours
Guy adopts two puppies, finds out they're actually bears. Oops.
Reddit fires the admin responsible for the majority of the traffic on reddit. Let them know how you feel!
Google apologizes after app mistakenly labels black people 'gorillas'
I guess we'll never learn if old Boss Hog gets them ol' Duke Boys.
Feisty mum attacks kids with pepperspray
Mets' Collins after latest loss: 'The only thing left is human sacrifice'
Dolphin jumps into boat, crushes woman's ankles
Pet owner shocked as 'puppies' he raised for two years are BEARS
Donald Trump: The first Hispanic president
Chicago-Area Brewery Renames Beer 'F**k Your Hair' Over Trump Remarks
Pastor fights gay marraige by giving it a try
Reddit Is Tearing Itself Apart
Former CNN anchor/reporter married couple kill criminal in a motel shootout
Former CNNers survive New Mexico motel gunfight
30 Infected Lab Monkeys Freed from Facility in Puerto Rico
Rick Perry: Republicans must reach out to black voters
Officials Constructing Fence Around Center City for Pope Francis' Visit: Sources
Beer Being Named Fuck Your Hair In Response To Trump's Recent Comments
Burrito offer coaxes man who spent night in high-rise construction crane
Mom Who Admitted to Injecting Son's IV Bag with Feces Gets 6 Years in Prison
2 Nuns, a Developer and Katy Perry Walk Into a Real Estate Deal
Gang Member Dies After Attempting To Gold Plate His Genitals
German Siblings Allowed To Have Sex By Law
Skydiving cats cause uproar in commercial
REDDIT IS IN MELTDOWN
Civil Forfeiture Now Requires A Criminal Conviction In Montana And New Mexico
Meanwhile in Calgary: Brewer kicks off Stampede with a beer made with bull testicles.
Scientist explain how you should pet your cat
Gang fight, machete attack mar Canada Day celebrations in Winnipeg
Florida Man Fired After Facebook Post Saying He Wants To Marry His Dog
Dylann Roof's Sister Seeks Wedding Donations, then Abandons Campaign
Man Mistakes Two Bear Cubs for Puppies, Raises Them for Two Years Before Finding Out the Truth
Dwarfism Drug Brings Mixed Emotions for Little People, Parents
'Cute puppies' turn out endangered black bears
Guess where Mexico-bashing Donald Trump makes his suits
/r/nottheonion will not be going private: A message from your moderators
White People Love Hiking. Minorities Don't. Here's Why.
Weenies burn flag to protest cops, get attacked by bikers, need cops to save their asses
Pensioner freed after 'having sex with pony'
Missing comma gets grammar nerd out of parking ticket
Google 'appalled' as Photos app labels black people 'gorillas'
10 Reasons Why Iraq Is The Worst Place On Earth
First Church of Cannabis rolls into high gear with inaugural service
UK considered moving Hong Kong's 5.5m people to Northern Ireland, secret papers reveal
Tony Abbott sides with ISIS on marriage equality
Glastonbury man allegedly defecated in road splashing five-year-old child
Trump: 'Latinos love Trump‎'
Donald Trump: Golfing should only be for rich people
Admin Chooter, aka "Victoria" has been let go from Reddit - Reddit Moderators Are Locking Up The Site's Most Popular Pages In Protest
Bizarre plan to move everyone in Hong Kong to Magilligan
Destroying America 101: The Blueprint Exists
Police say a 9-year-old boy in Maryland is in critical condition after he was handcuffed ant beaten for eating a piece of birthday cake without permission
Pesky Seagull Causes Nine-Car Pile-Up On Busy Turkish Motorway
Assembly robot crushes worker at Volkswagen
UK officials discussed resettling 5.5m Hong Kong Chinese in Northern Ireland
After 'Frozen,' a Baby Boomlet of Elsas
MasterCard wants to let you buy stuff with your face
Cemetery worker used veterans' headstones as flooring
Turkish court fails to hire 'artificial vagina expert,' acquits porn suspects
Petunias Know When To Smell Good
AN UNUSAUL TRIBE, "BEDES"
Cost of Printing A One Rupee Note is Rs 1.14
Cops Save Anti-NYPD Flag-Burners From Angry Bikers
Sealed Air Bubble Wrap Will Have Bubbles That Dont Pop
Men! If you name your penis, you're a tool
Seven new one-centimeter long frogs discovered in Brazil
Donald Trump doubles down on Mexico 'rapists' comments despite outrage
New Bubble Wrap won't pop but 'vintage' version still for sale
10-month-old Turkish infant floating towards Greek island of Lesbos rescued
Marlins Fan Sues Team After Bob the Shark Mascot Tries To Eat Her Head
Newly single Joey Chestnut is focused on gobbling wieners
Baby floats 1km out to sea after sunbathing parents forget about her
Coroner's Office Isn't Sure Their Gift Shop Is in Good Taste Anymore
Google Photos labels black people as 'gorillas'
L.A. County coroner might revamp Skeletons in the Closet gift shop
Wisconsin Officially Drunkest State in All Measurable Ways; Washington, D.C., in Close Second
Feuding ukulele bands battle it out in court
Mastercard Tests "Pay by Selfie" app
Professor Blames Whites For Her Menstrual Problems
Led by Pirates, Iceland Legalizes Blasphemy
Creed Fans fight to change the name of upcoming Rocky spinoff.
Baltimore police probe 'Enjoy your ride' sign on van - CNN.com
Cyrus publicly gropes Victoria Secret Model
MasterCard To Start Verifying Payments Via Selfies
PHYSICAL COPY - PS4 A physical copy of Shenmue 3 in an exclusive, backer-only case Estimated delivery: Dec 2017 Ships anywhere in the world
Movies like 'Magic Mike' puts focus on 'manjectification'
Gas vs. Charcoal? Try Grilling Your Steak Over Lava
Orthodox Jews hire Hispanic men to protest the Gay Pride parade
Horrified parents say doll taught their daughter to say 'f*** it'
25 years as a prostitute
Beyonce Admits to Lip Synching, Says She'll Sing Live at Super Bowl
Man Raises Pair Of Puppies For Two Years - Only To Find They're Actually Black Bears
Man's 2-Word Obituary Fulfills His Dying Wish
U.S. Army Soldier walked into Mall in Fayetteville NC with IBA and Assault Rifle with intent of getting his picture taken by Photo Studio.
Town Changes Name to Hill Valley to Celebrate 'Back to the Future' 30th Anniversary
Fans of band Creed want name of 'Rocky' spin-off changed to something less confusing
Germany: WW2 Panther tank seized from pensioner's cellar
전능하신 하나님 교회 복음 영화 《하나님의 이름이 바뀌었다?!》
Woman Alleges Permanent Neck Injury Due To Marlins' Shark Attack
Man Dies after Sucking Snake Venom to Gain "Immunity" to Toxins
ISIS wants to destroy Egypt's pyramids, sphinx, says it's a "religious duty"
David Cameron left daughter behind after pub visit
Engineers 3D-print ROBOT SEAHORSE, then BATTER it with rubber mallets
Reddit CEO Ellen Pao: 'We are going to figure this out and fix it'
Reddit In Chaos After Allegedly Firing AMA Coordinator Victoria Taylor
Missouri high school will start girl at QB
TV news crews robbed
Cruz: US should withdraw from UN Human Rights Commission
Car plunges through roof of Durban home
Lemur found with giant testicles
North Korean space scientist to U.S. people: 'Trust us'
School removes student's artwork of a mother breastfeeding her baby - in case it offends Muslims during Ramadan
The Satanic Temple's Giant Statue of a Goat-Headed God is Looking for a Home
GoFundMe Page Asked for Money to Cover Dylann Roof's Sister's Wedding After Charleston Shooting
MAKE AN IMPACT. DO IT
Terry Collins says human sacrifice is 'only thing left' for struggling Mets
Miami Beach Police Chief, Dan Oates, was Aurora Police Chief during the Aurora Massacre and NYPD Intelligence Chief just prior to 9/11
Man uses Mountain Dew to rob a mini-mart
Racism dying out in the South
Jesse Jackson Accidentally Says "Al Capone would be Jealous" of his Business Model
Fire in Lake Lagunita causes evacuations in Narnia, Enchanted Broccoli Forest
Baby rescued 1km out to sea after parents forgot about her
Florida Man Sentenced to 8 Months for Driving Away from Interior Border Patrol Checkpoint Too Quickly
Not Baking a Wedding Cake Leads to $135,000 Fine for Hurting Couple's Feelings
Man Gets 8 MONTHS in Federal Prison For Driving Away From Internal Checkpoint
Ex-candidate who plotted Muslim massacre released because judge isn't sure he's a 'true threat'
U.S. State Department Accuses The Jamaican Government Of Spying On Citizens Before Retracting Their Statement
China firm 'plans to punish unapproved staff pregnancies'
Man masturbates behind Halifax building after failed attempt to climb it
Smartphones and tablets causing a real pain in the neck known as 'Text Neck'
Our soldiers fought & died for my right to keep gay couples from marrying.
Wallaby returned to breeder by U-M athletes after PETA investigation
Chinese news broadcast shows Japan's "military might" by airing video of Gundam
Chicago Brewery Pulls It's Trump Tower Beer, Renames It "F*ck Your Hair"
Underwater farmers grow strawberries in balloon gardens
Reddit's CEO Allegedly Fired an Employee For Having Cancer and Not Recovering Fast Enough
Yahoo Testing Google Search Results to Benefit Its Users
Wimbledon's official headband is in violation of Wimbledon rules
Adidas Has Created A Shoe Made Entirely From Ocean Trash
Official Wimbledon headband is too colorful for Wimbledon
Reddit's Ellen Pao and Alexis Ohanian Explain Site Shut Down | TIME
Judge Wants Proof That Signal Mountain Man Made "True Threat" Against Muslim Town; Robert Doggart Allowed Home Confinement
Mexican mayor marries ALLIGATOR believed to be a princess in traditional ceremony in front of hundreds - but not before the reptile i
Most Common Startup Mistakes By a Businessman
Friends Reunited! Judge Meets Old Pal In Dock
Deputies: Women attempted to shoplift, left kids at grocery stor - DC News FOX 5 DC WTTG
Man arrested for getting government ID card for his dog
Rubio, Christie planning sleepover with the Romneys
Revamped Bubble Wrap Loses Its Pop - Bubble Wrap maker Sealed Air is rolling out a flat version of the packing material to cut down on the cost of shipping air
Professor: Reason Itself Is A White Male Construct
Man Orders Meatball Sub Before Robbing Subway of $1K, Police Say
Texas boy gets stuck in chimney while "chillaxin" with friend
Toilet Phobia: Teen Dies After Refusing To Poop
Reddit Alternatives Unable To Handle Influx Of Members After Reddit's Firing Of Victoria Taylor Leads To Site-Wide Revolt
Fashion Ladies Recycled Tote Bag - Buy Recycled Tote Bag,Two Loops Tote Bags,Women Laminated Tote Bags Product on Alibaba.com
These People Have a Big Secret; They Don't Think Gay People Should be Allowed to Marry Each Other.
Exclusive test footage of Nic Cage suiting up for Tim Burton's never-made 'Superman Lives'
Jharkhand girl kills self over lack of toilet at home
Russell Crowe's Nephew explains what this REALITY is (Matrix, Ai, Simulated Reality)
How a Life That Showed Promise Veered Into Violence Against Asian Women
Ohio appeals court ruling is a victory for punctuation, sanity
Teen Dies After Avoiding Toilet for 2 Months
Parents horrified when two-year-old daughter speaks for first time - and it's a swear word
What will $32bn do to solve the world's problems? Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has made global headlines after announcing he will donate his fortune to charity
What is rf transformer, rf transformers, Passive RF module, directional coupler
Buy YouTube Views Real Fast and Cheap
NYC Hiring 1,300 New Cops to Fight Lowest-Ever Crime Rate
Man mocks alligators, jumps in water and is killed in Texas
American tries to figure out what Canadian road signs mean, fails
So this is the talk of the town. What do you think is honestly going to happen?
Missing UK family 'safer than ever with Islamic State'
Angry Arkansas man accuses NBC of changing peacock logo to 'colors of gays'
Angry man complains that local NBC station changed its peacock logo to 'the colors of gays'
Revamped Bubble Wrap-- Does not pop
Court hears 'very attractive' bachelor struggled to clear bar
Americans Build Giant Robot, Challenge Japan To A Duel
Roswell officer who falsely accused Sonic employee of spitting in drink resigns; meth found in squad car
Donald Trump gets fired by richest man in the world, a Mexican
Public school application asks if child was born by C-section
Man mocks alligators, jumps in water and dies.
Body Found In London Street "Fell From BA Plane"
Aviva loses legal fight to end time-travelling risk-free investments
Geordie accent to be banned under new data encryption laws | NewsThump
Cockroach pizza off the menu at Calgary Stampede
Trump slams illegal immigration in San Francisco slay
Reporters Covering Illegal Immigrant Murder Of A Woman In San Francisco Were Robbed On Live TV
German police seize flak gun, a 45-ton Panther tank and a torpedo in raid on 78-year-old's home
Turkish nationalists mistook Korean tourists as Chinese, attacking them in central Istanbul
Babiya/Babia - The Vegetarian Crocodile
Woman sparks wildfire after giving birth in California park
Katy Perry and Elderly Nuns Fighting For Control Of Spectacular Los Feliz Convent
Allergic To Change And Profit, Reddit Risks Eating Itself
Iftar gorging leaves hundreds in hospital
What is Mabinogi? Korean video game allegedly inspired sick BLOOD-LETTING rituals in the USA
Ters Yüz 2015 < FragmanWorld
Florida teachers can get bonuses for tests scores - but their own old ones, not students
Harvard Grad will pay $10,000 for someone to find him a girlfriend
A ''smart bra'' is being developed that stops you overeating
Azerbaijan Luxury Spa offers Crude oil bath facility to its Customers
Out on the piss? Danish festival recycles urine to make beer
Sick Bobbi Kristina picture touted for sale by 'family member'
Pregnant student gives anti-abortion campaigners 72 hours to pay her £642k - or she'll have a termination
Azerbaijan: Luxury spa lets its customers take a bath in crude oil
Miami defendant sobs in court as he realises he and the judge attended the same school
No peaceful end in sight for property battle between nuns and Katy Perry
Turks protesting against China attack Koreans 'by mistake'
Wisconsin Man Arrested for Threats Against Obama, Said Killing President Is 'Constitutional Duty'
Barbecue is an American tradition - of enslaved Africans and Native Americans
350-Pound Dolphin Leaps Onto Boat, Injures Woman
Reddit CEO sorry for 'letting down' users after popular subforums shut down
How much would you pay to stop an abortion?
'Handsome' gorilla delights female zoo-goers in Japan
Union of Students in Ireland says students' unions capable of running a Country.
CHIPOTLE HONORS GAYS WITH '¿HOMO ESTÁS?' BURRITOS
Teen wins longest cherry pit spitter in championship spit off.
Heart failure 15mins of world class soccer: "copa América Chile 2015" vs Argentina . Exit reddit now Victoria!
Healthy 24-year-old granted right to die in Belgium
Marlins fan sues club over 'shark attack' by racing mascot
The future of Facebook is telepathy, reveals Mark Zuckerberg
There Are More Dogs Named Frodo Than Fido In Seattle
Man raises 2 puppies for 2 years, until they grow into fully grown black bears.
Misguided youth purposefully transform themselves to look undesirable #dontjudgechallenge
Mark Zuckerberg: The future of Facebook is telepathy
mily shooed off Surrey field for not having
Soccer-playing family shooed off Surrey field for not having permit
Man Accused of Robbing Queens Bank in a Wheelchair
Arnold Schwarzenegger: 'My lovechild is very understanding'
Seagull jaywalking across highway causes 9-car pile-up in Istanbul
Drones Sacrificed for Spectacular Volcano
Mob attacks Chinese diner in Istanbul over China's treatment of Uighurs (not aware that the establishment was owned by a Turk and its chef was Uighur)
Schools Implant IUDs in Girls as Young as 6th Grade Without Their Parents Knowing
Leaping Sturgeon Kills 5-Year-Old Florida Girl Boating With Family
Concert for Queen in jeopardy after crowd-funding appeal raises just £15
A concert planned as a celebration for Queen Elizabeth has only raised about $23
Baby girl rescued after drifting out to sea in inflatable crib
Climate change is turning male dragon lizards into females
Gold mine of cheeky medieval doodles shows ancestors just as silly as us
Man mocks alligators, jumps in water and is killed (by alligators)
Armed soldier who caused lockdown at NC mall was there for a movie photo shoot
Guys Get Shot By A Drone With Roman Candles Attached
Tennessee man plan to build a confederate flag the size of two football fields on top of a mountain.
Tennessee man makes plans to build a confederate flag the size of two football fields on top of a mountain.
Wheelchair bandit busted for bank robbery
NYPD searching for wheelchair-bound bank robbery suspect
Nude Topeka walker: 'I don't want people to think I'm the monster in their nightmares'
MacDonald's employee fired for putting his mixtapes in happy meals
Tensions Rise In Bolivia As Indigenous Witches Prepare For The Pope's Visit
Actress Charged With Deadly Car Crash Says Victim's Ghost Forgave Her
Chevrolet Introduces AC Cooling For Your Phone
Austrian teacher receives warning after killing rabbits in front of class
McDonald's Employee Fired For Placing His Mixtapes In Children's Happy Meals
Airline sacrifices goats to appease sky god
Emirati nearly chokes to death on piece of chicken
Cuba's Fidel Castro makes rare appearance at a cheese meeting
Man who ejaculated into Malaysian hotel staff member's water bottle nabbed
Russian tourists disappearing in Turkey's vacation resort of Antalya
Neo-Nazis try to hold rally in London, about five people turn up
The American Revolution was a mistake.
Flour spill from truck causes traffic issues in Saskatoon
Punter Pissed After Glastonbury Campsite Vandal Turns Out To Be Lily Allen
Man dies after jumping in front of theme park pirate ship
Donald Trump: I didn't expect business backlash to be "quite this severe"
Paris time lords extend Greek deadline - by a second
Belgian Rail in embarrassing camel story
A Jamaican farmer has offered President Obama 10 acres of marijuana so that Malia Obama can be a wife to his 17 year old son
Kid dies from Cinnamon Challenge.
Anne Arundel police seeking suspect they say resembles, but isn't, Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco
BLATTER CLAIMS FRANCE AND GERMANY INFLUENCED WORLD CUP BIDS
Peter Jackson misses Middle Earth so much he's built Bilbo Baggins' home in his basement
He's not a picky eater, he's an ARFID
Gang member dies after trying to gold-plate his testicles for his 17th birthday
Florida man's kayak capsizes while trying to catch a shark
Friends trying to hand off rice cooker cause scare at casino
Police: Man Shoots off Firework From Top of His Head, Dies
Feral, bogan sheilas roaming the streets of Darwin upsets local man
Just snipped from a local news tweet.
Press Roped Down By Aides at Hillary Event
Police: Man shoots off fireworks off top head dies
Calais man dies after setting off fireworks from atop his head
Baby girl found and rescued after being allowed to drift out to sea on an inflatable crib
Confederate flag flown at 3rd of July parade
Police: Man shoots off fireworks top of head dies
Maine man killed after trying to launch firework from top of his head
Santa Monica startup testing a 'Little League' of video games
Police: Denver drive-by shooting suspects rode in Car2Go Smart cars
Man Dies After Setting Firework Off on Top of His Head
U.S. man shoots off firework from top of his head, dies
From a local news tweet..
The Americans are coming! Texans fear U.S. military invasion
Porn star starved her baby to death to save breast milk for an fetish movie, claim police
Man dies instantly after strapping fireworks mortar to his head and lighting it
Jersey Shore Invaded by Toxic Portuguese Man-of-War
Woman, upset over self-checkout, hits manager with VCR
Keys Deputies Arrest Man Dressed as Pirate for Firing Muskets at Cars
Oregon Parents Allegedly Made Porn As 7-Week-Old Baby Starved To Death
Polish man 'lost' inside São Paulo airport for 18 days
Feminist Claims Dildo Raped Her, Sues Manufacturer
Maine man dies after setting off fireworks on top of his head
39-Year-Old British Woman Sleepwalks Half-mile into the Sea, Wakes up After Swallowing Seawater
Man Dies After Attempting to Shoot Fireworks From Top of Head
Man dies after strapping fireworks mortar to his head and setting it off
Mexican Laborer Has A Message For Donald Trump!
Gangmember tries to coat testicles in gold. Dies.
Man Shoots Firework From Top of His Head, Dies
Donald Trump sues writer for calling him millionaire not billionaire
Man shoots off firework from top of his head, dies.
"Judge Selfie" lets off 2 armed robbers and then slams the 3-year old victim for turning into a racist.
Kevin Durant Utterly Destroys Kid in Friendly Game of Pop a Shot
Man Poses As Armored Truck Driver, Steals $75K From Bristow Walmart, Police Say
Man fired from McDonalds after replacing toys in Happy Meals with his Mixtape
Maine man killed when he lights off a firework on top of his own head
My dentist saved my tooth, but wiped my memory
Lazy ants sit around doing nothing while their nest mates work
Mormon missionaries in hot climates can ditch the suit coat
Man dies after launching firework off top of his head
Law preventing property seizures cutting into police budgets
Five-year-old girl killed by jumping fish in Florida
University of Minnesota to adopt 'affirmative consent' rule for sex partners - they must take picture holding the "YES! We agree to have SEX!" sign in order to not be prosecuted for sexual assault
Blue-eyed people likelier to be alcoholic
Geordie accent to be banned under new data encryption laws
'Adult preschool' charges hipsters to take naps, play with glitter glue
Drone flies abortion pills to Poland
She Tried To Eat Her 2-Year-Old Daughter Alive. Mob Caught Her And Saved The Child Just in Time
Two children die in freak bouncy castle accident, three injured
The Most Hilarious Town Names in Canada
Meet Lily, the 'ultimate selfie' drone
Man shoots off for work from the top of his head, dies instantly.
Man shoots firework off the top of his head, dies instantly.
Confederate flag supporters relocate rally after being kicked off WalMart property.
Teen's Family Sues After He Is Punished For Bringing Super-Hot Pepper To School
Woman upset over self-checkout hits grocery store manager with VCR
Should brain-damaged serial masturbator get life in prison? Appeals court says no
California water rates rise as cities lose money in drought
Leaping sturgeon kills five-year-old girl boating in Florida
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe: "I Want To Marry Barack Obama"
SHOCK: ARIZONA PAPER DECRIES BORDER FENCE AS TOO HIGH FOR MEXICANS TO SAFELY JUMP
Father and toddler brazenly parading ISIS flags outside Parliament are stopped by police... but he is allowed to walk free as officers say he is NOT breaking the law
McDonalds employee fired for putting his mixtapes in children's happy meals
Tory Politician A Member Of Feared Biker Gang
Emotional "class reunion" as judge recognizes burglary suspect
Man who died in firework accident was "Gaston" actor for Disney
Drones Intrusion, Who Ya Gonna Call?
Man Shouts "F*ck That Alligator", Jumps Into Lake And Is Killed By Alligator
Australian PM orders boycott of public broadcaster
Ann Coulter: 'More Americans Will Be Killed By Mexicans Than ISIS Or Sharks'
McDonald's Employee Fired For Placing His Mixtape In Children's Happy Meals
Is it possible to 'sniff out' autism?
Man dies after shooting off firework from top of his head, police say
Greek Party May End in Euro-sized Hangover
Man Dies Instantly After Setting Off A Firework From His Head
Woman tries taking selfie of a lifetime, dies in the process
Texas game warden wounded while illegally hunting avoided felony charges, kept job
A Woman Pepper Sprayed a Bunch of People Because a Restaurant Fucked Up Her Burrito
Woman Accused Of Pepper Spraying Del Taco Employees & Customers Over Burrito Order.
'Tan tattoos' or 'sunburn art' gaining popularity among youth
Mass killer Anders Breivik is suing Norway for violating his human rights
Reddit CEO: Vast Majority of Users Don't Actually Care About Drama
Mass killer Breivik accuses Norway of violating his human rights
Man dies instantly after launching firework from top of head
South Africa's government spends equivalent of about $50 million on trains that can't run on their tracks-despite warnings that they can't run on the tracks.
Man killed trying to launch firework off head during Fourth of July celebration
Liberal arts is the future of work, so why is Canada pushing 'job-ready' skills?
Un-bear-lievable! Pet owner is shocked to find out the two cute 'puppies' he bought and raised for two years are actually BEARS
Asian black bears mistaken for 'puppies' for two years by Chinese villager
Rockdale Tx Man Says He Might Have Found Chupacabra
Maine man shoots off firework from top of his head, dies
Man Shoots Off Firework From Top of His Head, Dies Instantly
Commuters reject public transport for comfort of own cars - Independent.ie
The Americans are coming! Some in a Texas county fear an Obama-led U.S. military invasion.
Google apologises for putting Nazi camps in mobile game Ingress
Pearl Harbor Twitter row after US World Cup win
Police say gun-shaped cell phone case a bad idea
Cats 'control mice' with chemicals
Gays Are Lacing Fireworks with Homosexual Chemtrails
Hacking Team hacked, attackers claim 400GB in dumped data
'I Was Overcome With Emotion': Subway Rider Describes the Blessing He Received After Giving a Beggar a Dollar
Report: Doctor in Mexico removed wrong eye from infant cancer patient
Drunk man arrested for enjoying late-night snack ON TOP of police van
Florida wildlife officials looking for tattooed woman seen riding sea turtle
Skinnydippers are caught out when red kites steal their underpants and socks to build their nests while they are swimming
Man on hunger strike over weight loss surgery
Chinese town has been free from crime for 10 years despite being patrolled by just one policeman who is BLIND
Australian minister: 'Gay marriage could damage our cattle exports'
Man goes on hunger strike after government refuses to fund weight loss surgery
Doctor Who Gave Cancer Diagnosis and Chemo to Healthy People Faces Sentencing.
Brazilian Evangelicals Set Up a "Sin Free" Version of Facebook
Cuban revolutionary Fidel Castro meets with cheese experts on rare public outing
"30 Rock", home to NBC, officially changes name to "Comcast Building"
Iraqi warplane accidentally bombs Baghdad
Man Dies After Launching Fireworks From His Head
Maine man dies after launching fireworks from his head
Man on hunger strike over government refusal to fund weight-loss surgery
Chinese animal farms to be used as earthquake warning centers
Tommie Woodward Killed By Alligator Seconds After Leaping Into Water Screaming 'F**k That Alligator'
A Jamaican farmer has offered President Obama 10 acres of marijuana so that his 17 year old son can marry Malia Obama
New Zealand police hunt doomed deer fleeing abattoir
Nuns don't want to sell convent to pop star Katy Perry
Man raises "puppies" for two years, discovers that they are actually bears while reading conservation leaflets.
With "Bitch Better Have My Money" Rihanna is now the top singles artist in history
Bear Attacks Russian Woman as She Dines in Cafe
KL removes billboard advert featuring wombat after netizens mistake it for a pig, causing uproar
Man dies after launching firework from his head
Professor Calls Reason Itself a "White, Male Construct"
Chris Christie accuses Rand Paul of making US 'vulnerable' to terrorism
Baby Floats Out To Sea
A Badass Feminist Coloring Book For The Powerful Ladies In Your Life
Monsanto Fires Back at Neil Young's Scathing New Album
Pro Golfer Danny Lee Wins Greenbrier Classic, Really Wishes He Had a Girlfriend
Why are the Greeks celebrating, ask baffled Germans
Disney World viral video Gaston pushup guy was the one who blew himself up with a firecracker on the 4th
Evangelicals create 'sin-free' Facebook
Un-bear-lievable! Pet owner shocked to find out the two 'puppies' he bought and raised for two years are actually BEARS
Man invades home, drinks the owner's liquor.
Calgary man soars over city in lawn chair attached to helium balloons
Texas Dude Says "Fuck That Alligator," Jumps Into River - Instantly Eaten By Alligator
A school sends all eighth-grade report cards to every family in the grade
Australian Minister, Barnaby Joyce, Is Afraid That Legalizing Gay Marriage In Australia Could Harm Cattle Exports
"GASTON" Disney Character Actor Dead After Lighting a Firecracker on His Head
Man Dies After Setting Firework Off of His Head
Official NYC Subway Service Info Is Now Being Updated With Emojis
Micronesia football manager takes positives from 38-0 defeat
""We intend to completely remove or cut down on the number of disciplines in rowing, canoeing and traditional boat race, since there have been no substantial records of success in Malaysia."
Mythical 'Nintendo PlayStation' console surfaces online
McDonald's Employee Got Fired After Putting His Mixtapes in Happy Meals
Naked 'Born Free' singer in Londonderry court
'Sin free Facebook' attracts thousands
'Dead' Turkish man spends 10 years fighting to prove he is alive
Calgary man charged after flying in a lawn chair attached to balloons
'Balloon Boy' and his family move on, rock on to heavy metal
Parents force 14-year-old to live in woods after eating Pop Tart
'Pearl Harbor' trends on Twitter after U.S. soccer victory over Japan
Woman's Parking Ticket Tossed Because of Missing Comma
Swiss artist arrested in front of Eiffel Tower for 'naked selfie performance'
Russia's Vladimir Putin set to unveil new zeppelin warship 'lighter than AIR'
Australian Minister Barnaby Joyce Thinks Gay Marriage Will Affect Cattle Exports
Iraqi air force jet accidentally bombs Baghdad
Police Investigating 'Naked Hair Salon' in Moscow
Gay marriage 'would hit our cattle exports'
Authorities fear giant wet wipe-filled 'fatbergs' could destroy Australian sewage systems
cbc masthead logo Ottawa LIVEOttawaMore Streams Radio One Listen Live host picture HomeWorldCanadaPoliticsBusinessHealthArts & EntertainmentTechnology & ScienceTrendingWeather Video CanadaOttawa Photo Galleries Officer who tried to save Lac Leamy drowning victim says CPR training important
Officer who tried to save Lac Leamy drowning victim says CPR training important
Parents Not Too Happy About Zombies At Parade
The Women Who Secretly Keep ISIS Running
"Fuck That Alligator": Man Killed Seconds After Mocking Gator Warning
Internet reaches peak stupid as USA fans compare football win to attack on Pearl Harbor
The man who died while trying to launch a firework from a mortar tube placed atop of his head a few days ago was the same guy who played "Gaston" at Disney World and went viral after a fellow redditor challenged him to a push-up contest.
Photos Show Fidel Castro at Cuban Cheese Convention in Rare Public Appearance
Barnaby Joyce warns Asian countries could see Australia as 'decadent' if same-sex marriage legalised
Man Bit Caretaker's Nose Off After She Made Wrong Turn: Police
Lionel Richie's show-stealing performance at Glastonbury helps send his compilation album to the top of the charts
Report: DeAndre Jordan was tired of Chris Paul not giving him high-fives
Fidel Castro meets with cheese experts in rare appearance, state media reports
Edmonton City Council faces divisive vote on whether to make all of its catered meals vegan or vegetarian
Man charged after Calgary Stampede balloon stunt
Woman poisoned her family after making them hot chocolate from packets 25 year past expiration date.
'Beach body ready' advert not offensive, rules watchdog
Japan has accepted the US's giant robot fighting challenge
5-year-old Fla. girl dies after being hit by sturgeon jumping into boat
Roy Moore reprimands staffer for acting too much like Roy Moore
Man uses head as a launch pad for the 4th dies
Texas Dude Taunts Giant Alligators, Jumps in Water, Is Eaten by Alligators
Armed Black Mannequin Alarms Ootlewah Neighbors
Man adopts two puppies, finds out they're actually bears
Father banned from a dental exam room, hears his 5 year old screaming and rushes in anyways. Finds her alone and in a full body strap to a "Papoose Board"
Mad Dash: NBA player blames iPhone for odd, season-altering injury
2-Time NBA Champion Blames iPhone For Shooting Woes
Former Disney employee killed after igniting fireworks on his head
Actor Who Played Gaston at Disney World Dies After Shooting Firework Off Head
HAND TO GOD Audience Member Attempts to Charge Cell Phone On Stage
How understanding basic punctuation got an Ohio woman out of a parking ticket
I think its official. Ellen Pao is truly toxic for the site. This news article made want to never visit this website again. Must read on how out of touch Ellen really is.
Teacher "sang ISIS song in class"
iPhone 6 gives tennis elbow?!
Ellen Pao told the New York Times "But Ms. Pao says that the most virulent detractors on the site are a vocal minority, and that most of Reddit users were not interested in what unfolded over the past 48 hours."
Giant Japanese robot will fistfight America's MegaBot
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ "The guy whose cocked face and hunched shoulders inspired the beloved, ubiquitous shrug emoticon is finally taking action. He's filed lawsuits against Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, and every other institution that's helped to proliferate his image without context or credit."
POLICE: MARYLAND BOY HANDCUFFED, BEATEN FOR EATING BIRTHDAY CAKE WITHOUT PERMISSION
A Canadian Man Took an 'Up' Style Ballon Ride Over the Calgary Stampede...And Got Arrested
Telemundo Broadcaster Yells 'Goal!' for 38 Seconds After Carli Lloyd's Hat Trick
Man charged over $5000 after being rescued from the ice by fire department.
Man takes two years to figure out his dogs are black bears
Police: Maryland Boy Dies After Being Beaten for Eating Cake
Arshid Ali Khan loses monkey god status after operation to remove tail
Matt Bonner says iPhone 6 caused elbow injury that led to shooting woes
Windows 10's new WiFi Sense shares your WiFi password with Facebook, Outlook, and Skype contacts
Man Killed By Fireworks Launched Off His Head Was Disney World's Gaston
Hillary Clinton says China hacks into 'everything that doesn't move'
Reddit's Ellen Pao just too radical for Silicon Valley's unequal terrain?
Giant Bird Tries to Join Australian Police
Firefighters called to Swindon nightclub after drunk woman fails to get up because of her weight
Stranded Scugog ice fisherman first to be charged for fire department rescue: $5,392.78
Florida man gets 2.5 years for having sex on the beach
Australian minister Barnaby Joyce claims legalising same-sex marriage could damage cattle trading with Asia
Reddit Users Call for CEO Ellen Pao to Resign
Court: First Amendment protects profanity against police
Rabbits Are Disabling Cars at Denver Airport
Man Mocks Alligator; Is Then Eaten By Alligator
Friends trying to hand off rice cooker in casino parking lot cause brief security scare
Warning over rogue clowns in South West carnival parades.
Texas Man Yells "F*ck That Alligator" Shortly Before Said Alligator Kills Him
Jason Garnett Treated For 17-hour Erection
Four Secrets Your Goldfish Is Hiding From You
South Carolina Lawmaker Manages to Work Same-Sex Marriage Rant Into Confederate Flag Debate
Former Valve economist Yanis Varoufakis quits as finance minister of Greece
Tense Confederate-flag rally outside Phoenix Walmart
Mom of man who died in fireworks accident says rules too lax
Beyoncé-inspired skyscraper to be built in Melbourne
Real life Candian Danny Deckchair
Police: Job Interview Letters Are For Selling Cutco Knives, Not Human Trafficking
A group of HSBC bank employees were fired after making a mock ISIS beheading video
At least 12 killed after Iraqi jet accidentally bombs Baghdad
Iraqi jet accidentally bombs Baghdad district, killing at least 12
Border Fence Jumpers Break Bones
Audience Member Tries to Use Stage Outlet to Charge Phone at "Hand to God"
Faith In Humanity Restored! These Reddit Users Came Together To Create Content For Websites In Need
Lifeguards have to rescue pair stranded on a giant yellow rubber duck
Calgary man describes soaring over city in lawn chair attached to helium balloons
Man Poses As Armored Truck Employee, Walks Out Of Walmart With $75,000
'I'm in charge here': Mountie shuts down family soccer game
Bank workers stage mock IS-style execution of Asian co-worker
Craft Brewing Has a Sexism Problem
Abnormal Moments In The Toilet That Will Make You Ask Yourself What The.
Man flies balloon-powered lawn chair over Calgary
Saskatoon roof jumper keeps police busy - Strips, screams, jumps from roof to roof, screams some more, dresses, surrenders
Blur's Damon Albarn Refuses to End 5-Hour Set, Gets Dragged from Stage
Los Angeles Times has added a reporter to cover Black Twitter
Japan Says Yes To Giant Robot Duel With America
Former Disney Gaston actor dies in firework incident (xpost /r/news)
Emmer and Ellison team up to form House Somalia Caucus
Retrial ordered in 'sexsomnia' case
Former Disney Gaston actor dies in firework incident
Florida man caught having sex on a beach gets two and a half years in jail
Ryan Secrest was filming girls in the submarine shower (Sadly not the famous Secrest).
3-year-old Halifax boy gets first parking ticket
Christians Couples File For Divorce En-Masse To Defy Gay Marriage Ruling
KISSED BY THE SPIDER LADY!
Racehorse trainer scratches horses from race over sandwich dispute
Alan Greenspan Played Daily Show's Jon Stewart
Teacher Sentenced 22 Years In Prison For Having Sex With Three Students, Including One Time On The School Roof
Rebel Flags to fly in Tennessee parade, hundreds expected to show
Woman arrested after records show child has 69 unexcused school absences
MPD: Woman upset over self-checkout hits Woodman's manager with VCR
Minnesota Zoo Grizzly Shatters Glass Pane Of Enclosure With Rock
Boy dies after his mother's boyfriend beat him for eating cake.
Stanaway stands by sandwich scratchings
Obama's approval rating grows following memorable week
Man Who Died Shooting Fireworks Off Head Was Former Disney World Performer
UK HSBC bank staff sacked for Islamic State beheading prank
HSBC bank staff sacked for Islamic State beheading prank
'Pac-Man' Spacecraft to Devour and Dispose of Space Junk
Man Yells "Fu*k Alligators" as He Jumps into a Bayou. Is Killed Immediately by an Alligator
Team Japan Accepts US Challenge to Robot Duel
Boy Scouts say man has not paid for $28,000 in popcorn
First Tampon For Transgendered Women To Hit Shelves Next Month
World's smallest Bible would fit on the tip of a pen
Some Texans fear Obama-led military invasion
Does an apology matter any more? Pao issues an "apology" to users.
man poses as armored truck employee and walks out of Walmart with $75000
Kayaks and mortars: Son says dad lucky injuries not worse
McDonald's Employee Fired For Putting Mixtapes in Happy Meals
Man Shouts "Fuck That Alligator", Jumps Into Lake And Is Killed By Alligator
'Giant butt' touring U.S. to bring 'randomness' to 'bleak world'
Boston bomber demands new trial
Former Disney Gaston Actor, 22, Dies Instantly After Lighting Firework on the Top of His Head
Four boys age 10-12 are being charged with first-degree arson for playing with matches in an abandoned building. Two of the 12-year-olds are being held in custody until their hearing in September.
Mom of man killed setting off fireworks on head: rules lax
FIFA bans Qatar 2022 bid inspector for seven years
Terminally ill British benefit claimants asked what date they expect to die.
Terminally ill benefit claimants asked when they expect to die, MP says
Man charged after flying in lawnchair attached to balloons
Who let the buffaloes out? A power-drunk SP MLA
Police: Packers Tight End Tried Hiding From Cops In A Plant
SHOCKER /s :: Cosby said he got drugs to give women for sex in 2005
Change the law to protect police officers who shoot people, say UK's highest ranking cop
'Sandstorm' causes Kyle Field to need reinforcement
HSBC fires six staff for making fake Islamic State-style execution video
Wanted Australia man asks police for better mugshot on Facebook
New Greek finance minister: 'I am very nervous.'
Shaggy Shares His Strategy for Defeating ISIS
Sen. Baldwin: 1st Amendment Doesn't Apply to Individuals
Bank staff sacked for beheading prank
Man charged with mischief after tying hundreds of balloons to a lawn chair and flying over Calgary
Hacking Team, a controversial Italian spyware company, hacked
Man faces charges after tying 100 helium balloons to a chair and flying over the city.
Why Teenagers Love Making Jokes About 9/11
Bankers sacked for mock execution
Russell Wilson says God spoke to him and told him not to have sex with Ciara
Fishermen bring home the bacon
Man arrested after flying balloon chair over city
[Video] DIY Canada chair balloonist charged with 'mischief'
Canadian Man arrested after flying over city in balloon chair
Canadian flew over Calgary in chair carried by balloons
Dawn Fraser apologises 'unreservedly' for Nick Kyrgios comments
Senator Glenn Lazarus Just Threatened To Finger Tony Abbott's Butthole Over Coal Seam Gas
zeus not keen to face off against merkel
Australian senator threaten to grab the PM's balls
Australian senator "threatens" to grab the PM's nuts
Man shouts "f*ck those alligators", jumps into water, gets eaten by alligators
Australian senator 'threatens' to grab PM's testicles
Hackers steal data from surveillance company
Worlds first giant robot fighting championship to occur in one year.
Man gets 2 1/2 years for sex on Bradenton beach
Lightning bolt struck and killed Brecon Beacons walker because he was carrying a selfie stick'
Man accidentally raises bear cubs as dogs
Man killed by lightning because of selfie stick?
Don't heckle, I'm texting Tsipras, EU's Juncker tells MEPs
When hackers get hacked: Secretive spy software team falls victim to attack
Where is the north of England? Don't ask the government.
The Metalhead Kids Are All Right: A new study finds 1980s heavy metal fans have matured into responsible adults
Beyonce-inspired skyscraper gets planning permission
South African rail association orders $300m of trains that don't fit local railway lines
David Cameron will be seen as one of our greatest Prime Ministers
HSBC employees sacked after staging ISIS-style mock execution during team building exercise
Shaggy says pumping his music into ISIS strongholds would prevent executions
Man arrested after flying over city in balloon chair
Republicans Meltdown As Donald Trump Calls Jeb Bush's Wife An "Illegal Mexican"
Man gets $750K from city over 6-day erection in jail cell
Shaggy has an incredible plan for defeating ISIS
HSBC Bank staff sacked after filming Isis-style 'mock beheading' on team-building day
Shaggy claims his music is 'so emotional' Isis would stop beheading people if they listened to it
Six-day jail erection gets this ex-con $750K
9-year-old handcuffed, beaten to death for eating a slice of birthday cake without permission
McDonalds Employee Was Allegedly Dealing Heroin, Not Mixtapes
The Life of an Internet Catfish is Rough These Days
"Sandstorm" leads to further construction of Kyle Field
Jewish group hired Mexican laborers to protest N.Y. gay pride parade
Reddit: "We Screwed Up"
woman charged with giving marijuana to children at party
Too big to ignore: LA Times hires first beat reporter to cover Black Twitter
Russians Rally in Support of U.S. Teacher Sentenced for Sex With Teens
HSBC employees fired after staging a mock beheading video, at a team building exercise.
Lenin, Stalin Get Into Fight in Downtown Moscow
Federal authorities raid home of Subway spokesman Jared Fogle
Subway's Jared Fogle target of child porn investigation: Report
Abbott bureaucrat flaunts Confederate flag in Alice Springs, wins first prize
Tour De France targets NASCAR audiences with more entertaining accidents
Man flies over Calgary in chair carried by balloons.
An Australian Politician Says Same-Sex Marriage Would Be Bad for Beef Exports
Lance Armstrong compares himself to Lord Voldemort
Prison cook takes offence at chicken parmigiana criticism, victim left with broken eye sockets
TPP Grants Banks Terrifying Secret Powers
You are more likely to win Olympic gold than be a victim of a shark attack
Subway pitchman Jared Fogle's home raided in child porn investigation
Augusta Woman Attacks Boyfriend for Refusing Sex
Federal agents just raided the home of Jared from Subway in alleged child porn case
Home of Subway's Jared raided in child-porn probe
bway pitchman Jared Fogle's home raided in child porn investigation
Engineers give invisibility cloaks a slimmer design
Japanese men locking themselves in their bedrooms for years, creating social and health problem
Facegloria: Brazilian 'Facebook with no gay content' plans worldwide expansion
Hackers steal data from a company that...hacks people and sells hacking software to governments.
Basketball star blames injury and poor performance on using newer, "bigger" iPhone
World Series Of Poker Main Event Experiences Rain Delay
Man Distracts Beer-Pong Opponent With Gun But Accidentally Shoots 2 People
'Riley the birthday dog' used by North Korea as evidence of western decadence
Lance Armstrong: I'm Like the Lord Voldemort of Cycling
The World Series of Poker Tournament delayed due to Rain
Man raises 'puppies' for 2 years, discovers they're actually bears.
Fireworks related Disney death is newest in string of Gaston incidents
Drone fires burgers at the homeless in charity viral video gone wrong
NASA's latest Pluto images actually show a planet
The U.S. Open decides to make its course less ridiculous
@POTUS unscripted: Obama shows a looser side on Twitter
Dad jumps off bridge with son. Police are looking for the baby's body.
MAN TIES 100 BALLOONS TO GARDEN CHAIR, FLIES, GETS ARRESTED
Van Meter, Iowa, Raffles Off the Chance to Tase a Public Official for $5
Ukraine Proposes 12-Year Prison Sentence for Use of Word 'Russia' Read more: http://sputniknews.com/europe/20150707/1024325114.html#ixzz3fDaRfyJL
Woman arrested for calling 911 over her Chinese food order
Feds raid the home of Subway's Jared Fogle in child pornography sting.
North Korea says this smiling dog eating a birthday cake is what's wrong with America
Ukraine Proposes 12-Year Prison Sentence for Use of Word 'Russia'
Reggae star Shaggy believes playing his music to ISIS fighters will create world peace, love and stoners
Texas Cop Delivers Bag of Dirt, '2nd Declaration of Independence' to White House
Shelby Township police seek leads in case of stolen nuts
NBA Player Blames Elbow Injury on Larger-Screened iPhone
Scientists say many worker ants are actually super lazy
Spurs Forward Matt Bonner Blames 'Way Bigger' iPhone For Trashing His Three-Point Shooting Percentage
Subway pitchman Jared Fogle's home raided in child porn bust - NY Daily News
Teen spits cherry pit the longest but doesn't win contest
Balloon Boy's' family metal band gaining notoriety
Jared from Subway's home raided in child-porn investigation
"Subway Guy" Jared Fogle's home raided in search of child pornography
Australian fugitive asks police on Facebook to change his 'horrible mugshot'
Teen Forced To Fight Pro Boxer After Dad Discovers He's A Bully
(17) Darwin B Phillips
Russia launches 'safe selfie' guide in light of deaths
Desperate man with dying phone jumps on Broadway stage to revive it
Floyd Mayweather Stripped of World Title Earned in Manny Pacquiao Bout
Police raid Zionsville home of Subway pitchman Jared Fogle
Cops Were Not Impressed with This Guy's Lawn Chair Balloon Ride
A man named Bear kills an 11 foot alligator out of revenge because he believes it ate his friend the week before
Man Facing Charges for Raising Deer Inside Home
Calgary man charged after flying in lawn chair attached to balloons
U.S. company challenges Japan to a giant-robot battle
Michael Barrymore sues Essex Police over damaged career
Gang Member Dies Trying To Gold Plate His Testicles
Salford college student Joshua Harrison-Jones, 16, died in freak onesie weightlifting tragedy
Dallas sportscaster makes Child Porn joke on twitter in regards to Jared From Subway story.
Audience member attempts to charge phone on stage at Broadway play
Authorities Raid Home of Subway Spokesman Jared Fogle in Child Porn Investigation
Justin Bieber bares bum on Instagram, asking fans to 'look'
Kim Jong Un has aquarium owner executed for Failing to keep turtles alive
Baby shark falls from sky into family's yard
NBA player suspects his new iPhone's larger screen caused his elbow injury
Bill Cosby Drugs and Rapes Multiple Women over the Years. The victims' voices are finally taken seriously.
Lionesses welcomed home with 'sexist' FA tweet
'Subway guy' Jared Fogle's home raided in child porn investigation: Reports
Kendrick Lamar's Reebok Sneakers Promote Peace Between Gangs
Texas Police Officer Threatens to Break Teen's Neck "to calm him down"
Celebrity chef Paula Deen posts photo of her son Bobby in brown face on Twitter - just two years after she was sacked from Food Network over racism scandal
Paula Deen Posts Photo of Her Son in Brownface
Japan Accepts American Challenge To Giant Robot Fight
Subway's Jared Fogle's home raided in child porn investigation
Man who stole idling Audi with baby inside, then returned child and car safely, sentenced to eight months
Minnesota Zoo bear slams rock into glass pane, shattering it 'like a windshield'
Paula Deen posts, then deletes photo of her son Bobby Deen in brownface for 'I Love Lucy' parody
Calgary Man Facing Charges After Floating Over the City with 100 Helium Balloons Tied to a Garden Chair
Man who was struck and killed by lightning 'was carrying a selfie stick'
Danish Beer Festival to Turn Patrons Urine Into Beer
The Quiet Racism of Instagram Filters
Would-Be Jihadi Searched '10 Reasons To Join IS'
Nuts! Police use squirrel in bid to catch thieves
Things we do that may lead into us going to jail
Woman arrested after calling 911 with Chinese food complaint
Man Dressed as Armored Truck Driver Walks Out of Walmart With $75,000
28,000 lbs of nuts missing, Shelby Twp cops put out 'BOLO' for t
#FreeTheNipple uses male nipples to protest Facebook's nudity policy
Gentlemen's club excludes women so they don't ruin the 'banter'
Looks like stock in Quiznos will be going up. Jarred from Subway's house was raised for kiddie porn.
Police: Man breaks into Berlin restaurant, drinks Tabasco
Man faces charges after flying lawn chair with 100 balloons over Canada
Two years after racial discrimination lawsuit against her, Paula Deen posts picture of her son in brownface.
Curvaceous Skyscraper: Beyoncé Inspires High-Rise Down Under
NBA star Matt Bonner blames iPhone 6 for shooting woes
NBA Player Blames Smartphone For Injury
NBA Player Blames Elbow Injury on iPhone 6 Plus
Bears relocated after breaking into house, eating cookies
Senator Rants Against Gay Marriage During Vote on Confederate Flag Removal.
Police raid home of Subway pitchman Jared Fogle
Hero Man Flies Balloon Chair Through the Sky
Dating App Marketed To People With Sexually Transmitted Infections (STIs)
Half of Black, Latina Scientists Say They've Been Viewed as Janitors
Kansas man walks trail in the nude, legally
Russia launches 'safe selfies' campaign to warn against posing with tigers and guns after spate of deaths
Man from Victoria charged after flying in chair attached to balloons
Man who was struck and killed by lightning in Brecon Beacons 'was carrying a selfie stick'
Play Canceled After Actor Breaks Character to Fight an Audience Member
Zealots accuse Dearborn of inflicting Sharia Law (Or, Yes this is actually a column from The Detroit News explaining why this is absolutely bonkers.)
Paula Deen dresses son in "Brownface" sparking yet another racial controversy for the once celebrity chef.
Harvard MBA offers $10,000 for a girlfriend
These Guys Just Fixed The Absolute Biggest Problem In Beer Pong
Did Amy Schumer's Jokes About Hispanics Cause Dylann Roof's Shooting Spree?
Broadway Theatergoer Yanked Off Set After Trying to Recharge Phone in Onstage Plug
The battle for control of the human breast milk industry
North Korean TV Uses Riley the Stoned Dog to Prove America's Decadence
Cops Raid Subway Jared's House in Child Porn Investigation
Texas officials: Schools should teach that slavery was 'side issue' to Civil War
FLORIDA'S OLDEST TREE BURNED DOWN BY WOMAN SMOKING METH BENEATH IT
Man gets $750K settlement from NYC after suffering 6-day erection in solitary jail cell
Gun-Shaped iPhone Case 'Is a Terrible Idea,' Police Officials Warn
North Korea says smiling dog eating birthday cake is what's wrong with America
Mother of man who died setting a firework off his head thinks the government should have prevented it
Michigan Woman Frisked, Jailed, For Not Renewing Dog License
Doctor to Be Sentenced for Giving Chemo to Cancer-Free Patients
Dolphin Leaps into Boat, Breaks Calif. Woman's Ankles
City Gives $750K To Man Who Suffered Six-Day Erection In Jail
Man arrested for flying in chair tied to 100 helium balloons
Matt Bonner Blames New iPhone 6 for Elbow Injury, Poor Shooting
Christian Woman Sentenced to Death in Pakistan for Using Muslims' Cup
Man receives $750K settlement because prison officials ignored erection
Drunk driver jumps into #abbypd car thinking it's a cab. "Get me outta here buddy, cops are everywhere tonight!"
Paula Deen refries her racism scandal with heaping helping of brownface
Paula Deen Posts Photo of Her Son in Brownface | Yahoo Celebrity
Man chases down, punches out cougar after it takes his dog
Accused in backhoe low-speed highway chase faces 7 charges
Swedish right wing politician: eating halal magically makes you muslim
Pentagon training only 60 Syrian rebels against ISIS
Jersey minister travels to wrong country for dance event
Delta man staged hate crimes in a 'cry for help,' attorney says
Upstate New York Mayor Denies Town's Obviously Racist Official Seal Is Racist
Judge Recognizes Old Friend From School
Reddit's fate hangs in the balance as revolt against CEO makes waves
Broadway theater-goer jumps on stage to charge cellphone - in fake outlet
Judge recognizes burglary suspect as childhood friend
You become a Muslim if you eat halal meat
Sheboygan authorities seek ID of man in custody, say he will only use celebrity names
Broadway theatergoer tries to recharge phone in onstage plug
Kendrick Lamar's First Reebok Sneaker Tries To Unite Gang Members
Man Killed By Alligator Seconds After Leaping Into Water Screaming 'F**k That Alligator'
North Korea Is Using Riley the Stoned Birthday Dog to Illustrate American Excess
Pinellas man in jail after alleged battery with pizza
Parents arrested for giving their kids pot to do chores
Brett Favre 'nervous' about grandsons playing football: 'It's a violent game' | Sporting News
Man raises 'puppies' for two years, discovers they're actually bears
Abbotsford police nab driver so drunk he mistook cruiser for cab, pulled over and jumped in
Korean Catholic priest releases hip hop album
Mom crashes into DMV after teen finishes road test
NBA Player Matt Bonner Blames New iPhone 6 for Injury, Poor Shooting
San Diego Air and Space Museum Fail
Russian government launches safe selfie campaign urging citizens not to take selfies with weapons
Ohio woman calls 911 to report 'sub-par' Chinese food
Turkey Testicle Festival could put 'East Dundee on the map'
Man screams 'fuck the alligators', jumps in water and is killed by alligators
Abbotsford drunk driver mistakes cop car for cab, goes to jail
Russian government launches 'Safe Selfie' campaign
Obese man stages hunger strike over government's refusal to pay for his gastric bypass surgery
'Balloon man' soars in lawn chair, lands himself in jail
Parents forced teen to live in woods for eating Pop-Tart
Parents arrested after allegedly making daughter live in woods for eating Pop-Tart
Police charge a man for holding two deer captive in his house for a year
FLORIDA MAN ARRESTED FOR BATTERY BY PIZZA
APD: Man used taxi service as robbery getaway
Mom Demands 'Tougher Fireworks Laws' After Son Lights Them Off Head and Dies
Naked man steals Curry Co. deputy's car on July 4
Free HD Porn - X1X.se
Dangerous veggies? City demands Ottawa woman remove garden
Man killed by alligator is avenged by his buddy named "Bear"
'Whiteness' Is 'Terror' Professor Lands At Fancypants College That's 77 PERCENT WHITE
Women go crazy over handsome gorilla
Jay-Z and Beyonce Attempt To Buy Rights To Confederate Flag To Prevent Further Use
Mayor of New York Village claims Village Seal that seems to depict a White Man choking a Native America is not racist, actually depicts "a friendly wrestling match"
A Florida man just got 2.5 years in prison for having sex on the beach
Mayor of Whitesboro, NY, insists Village Seal, which seems to depict a White Man choking a Native American, isn't racist, actually depicts a "friendly wrestling match"
ISIS supporter moved to jail after box cutter found in his halfway house room. He says through his lawyer that the box cutter is not his.
Sex-for-hire scam reported as fraud to Providence police
I love animals, but cats, I hate': Calgary man describes strangling kittens
'People started to say he WAS the Beatles': Paul McCartney reveals frustration at John Lennon's 'martyr' status after he was shot dead on street
TV now being used as punishment for kids
Real Life Up! Man flies over Canadian city in lawn chair attached to 120 helium balloons. Skydives off and is later arrested.
Cougar snatches dog, gets punched in face
Calgary man arrested for flying lawn chair by balloon
Man Killed by Alligators after Shouting 'F**k the alligators'and Jumping into Reptile-Infested Water
Green Party Youth Leader 'Gives Up' and Goes to Work for an Oil Company
Hacking Team Asks Customers to Stop Using Its Software After Hack
Hacking Team, Which Sells Surveillance Tech To Governments, Exposed By Major Hack
Subway Suspends Partnership With Jared Fogle Amid FBI Child Porn Investigation, Sources Say
Shaggy Says We Can Defeat ISIS With Weed, Shaggy CDs
NY mayor defends village seal showing man choking Native American: It's really a 'friendly wrestling match'
Rename the Washington Post because "racism"
Boy, 9, dies after being beaten for eating cake
W. Va. man charged with holding two deer captive in home for at least a year
Bootylicious building borrows Beyonce's curves
NHL star Brent Burns wants a tiger, but his wife says no.
Long-time Subway spokesperson, Jared, had home raided in possible child porn scandal.
Man thought he was raising puppies, turns out they're bears
Some Guy Tried to Distract His Beer Pong Opponent with a Gun, Accidentally Shot Two People
A Louisiana Prosecutor's Proud Goal: 'Kill More People'
Subway drops spokesman Jared after police raid his home for child pornography.
Russia: 'Safe selfie' campaign launched by government
Young woman falls 40ft to her death trying to capture the perfect selfie
Americans Use Computers For Online Buying
Woman shoots herself in the head while trying to take a selfie
Conservation officer suspended for refusing to kill bear cubs.
Drunk Driver Mistakes Cop Car for Taxi in Abbotsford
Happy mom of four
Pope Francis to be Tried by Sanhedrin
Bear Breaks Bear-Proof Glass With Huge Rock, Still Stuck in Boring Zoo
Khuyến mãi nạp thẻ cùng thách thức tuần của Mobifone
Augusta woman attacks mom, boyfriend for refusing sex
You Gotta Eat: IRS Expects Real Businesses To Make Money
Advocacy group distributes sexual 'consent contracts' to college students
Time Warner Cable owes $229,500 to woman it would not stop calling
Disney to Remove a Statue of Bill Cosby from Its Hollywood Theme Park
Teen forced to live in woods after eating Pop-Tart
Find This Man A Girlfriend And He'll Pay You USD10,000 In Cold Hard Cash
B.C. conservation officer suspended for refusing to kill bear cubs Read more: http://www.vancouversun.com/news/metro/conservation+officer+suspended+refusing+kill+bear+cubs/11195873/story.html#ixzz3fH6vYve8
Texas hotel shooter had filed to run for president
'Vampires' keep doctors in the dark for fear of stereotyping: study
Woman arrested for calling 911 to repirt bad chinese food
Twisted Ranch Chef Quit During Soft Opening, Owner Says
Conservation officer suspended over refusal to kill bear cubs
Does this McDonald's Minion toy speak profanity?
Paralympian not judged disabled enough for companion disability discount card
Ray Bradbury's House Turned Into 451 Sets of Bookends
"Ruthless Biker" Was Given A "Ticket" For Parking Illegally At The Ferry Terminal In Halifax,Canada...And He's Only 3 Year Old
Broadway theater-goer jumps on stage to charge phone - in fake outlet
Ruthless Biker Was Given A Ticket For Parking Illegally In Halifax,Canada...And He's Only 3 Year Old
How to Unlock Your Android Phones If You Forgot the Unlock Pattern or Passcode
Shocking! TaxiForSure cab driver masturbated while driving, claims woman passenger
Indigenous affairs adviser to PM 'sorry' for Confederate flag costume
Man 'bribed' with bacon and cabbage, court hears.
Woman arrested for calling 911 about bad Chinese food
'A selfie with a weapon kills': Russia launches campaign urging photo safety
Canadian Man Arrested After Flying Lawn Chair With Helium Balloons, Police Say
Locals deploy sandpeople porn to embarrass rain god
Top independent content creators can make serious business on YouTube. http://chersel.com/scgj5-top-10-highest-earning-youtube-stars-investment-factory
There are cities like New York, filled with people who don't own cars, where companies like Uber flourish. http://iword.rocks/sc9kn-in-these-us-cities-uber-drivers-earn-the-most
Central Banker Peter Tulip says Aussie house prices undervalued because of expected capital gains.
NEWS... BUT NOT AS YOU KNOW IT MENU Undertaker in trouble after he paddles past hospice in a coffin
Budget confidence knocked by rumour Chancellor doesn't understand pens
Man arrested on child porn charges: Porn was 'only of kids I didn't know'
WA's Department of Culture and Arts under fire for 'turning hoses' on homeless
Chinese man raises two puppies - which turn out to be endangered black bears
Corrections Canada organizing chainsaw training for future inmate employment
Russian police launch 'safe selfie' guide after spate of deaths
NBA Player Matt Bonner Blames iPhone 6 For His Elbow Injury
Revealed: British plan to move Hong Kong to Northern Ireland
Gun-Shaped Mobile Phone Cases Should Be Avoided, Says Law Officials
Kids, 14, 10, and 9, sent to juvie till they turn 18 for refusing to have a "nice lunch" with their father
German ethics council calls for incest between siblings to be legalised by Government
Most Doctors Work While Sick, Despite Knowing It's Bad For Patients
Turkish court sentences fashion designer for 'insulting' President Erdoğan
Russia starts a 'safe selfie' campaign to curb fatal photography
Teen Guilty Of Hacking PlayStation Network
Politician accidentally flies to Budapest instead of Bucharest, misses Dance World Cup
Small Siberian Town Hosts 'Kick Obama' Contest
Booking blunder sends sports minister to wrong countr
Woman Who Tries to Sneak on Planes Arrested Twice in 2 Days
Death by selfie? Russian police release brochure after spate of fatal accidents
Ocala, FL (remember the Saggy Pants Law) now votes unanimously to fly the confederate flag.
Judge orders kids held in juvenile center after refusing to see dad (x-post from r/news)
Drunk driver pulls over to grab cab, hops into police car by accident
Mother of Disney star who was killed after launching firework off his head calls for stricter firework control
L.A. Latinos Are Sharpening Their Pitchforks for Trump's Arrival
Please do not purchase a gun shaped anything.
Man dies after lighting fireworks on his head. Mom says we need stricter laws.
New Dheli Taxi Driver Accused of Masturbating Behind The Wheel. "He had a smile on his face that will haunt me for nights to come".
Outrage as Polish Nude Tag Game in Gas Chamber Reinstated
This Is Why You Should Be Putting An Onion In Your Sock At Night When You Go To Bed
NASA: Doughnut FOUND on PLUTO - along with a WHALE
#JoeArpaio: Criticizing #DonaldTrump Violates The First Amendment - See more at:
Man crawls on stage at Broadway show to plug in phone
Police find baby's body in river after father attempts suicide
Mom Looking for Stricter Laws After Her Son Died from Lighting Fireworks on His Head
Mom of man who tried to launch a firework off the top of his head says rules too lax.
Tyga Blames 'The Devil' for Leaked Nude Pic
Slipknot to Kanye West: 'You Are Not the Greatest Living Rock Star of All Time'
Angel Of Death: An axe-wielding university lecturer has become a cult war hero in Iraq
Indonesian college student prank-tweets Singapore Air with false bomb threat, gets arrested
Selfies Can Kill, Warns Russia's Interior Ministry
Ariana Grande, pop singer, says 'I hate America,' then licks doughnuts at store
Gun-Shaped iPhone Case Officially a Bad Idea.
Whitesboro, NY: Mayor says town seal depicting white man strangling Native American is a "friendly wrestling match"
Woman adopts dying dog with bucket list in mind Read more: http://www.mnn.com/family/pets/stories/woman-adopts-dying-dog-with-bucket-list-mind#ixzz3fJVH3jiR
Man Breaks Into Restaurant, Chugs Tabasco Sauce
Ariana Grande Randomly Licks Donuts She Didn't Buy Before Proclaiming, 'I Hate America'
Trump: 'I'll win the Latino vote'
India has a public masturbation problem-and no real solutions
Norwegian cops fired their guns twice last year and missed both times
Ohio Woman, 44, Arrested For Calling 911 To Complain About Subpar Chinese Food
GOP Governor Messes Up His Veto Power, Accidentally Extends More Benefits To Immigrants
Man drugs girlfriend to keep playing videogames
West Virginia man faces charges after deer found living in home
15-year-old catches math error at the Museum of Science
Paula Deen Under Fire For Photo of Son in Brownface
Failure to renew dog license lands Kalamazoo County mom in jail.
Her Son Died By Lighting Fireworks On His Head; Now She Wants Stricter Laws
Man nicknamed 'Poo' caught hiding cocaine in his backside
Palestinian envoy says Jews plotting world domination
Man killed after shooting firework from chest
University of Toronto stands by health-studies course with anti-vaccine material
Ohio woman arrested after calling 911 to complain her Chinese food order was 'not up to par'
Shaggy Suggests Fighting ISIS with Weed & Shaggy Music
Brent Burns wants a tiger but his wife says no
Ariana Grande Says "I Hate Americans. I Hate America." After Appearing to Lick On-Display Donuts
Drunk driver gets into police cruiser thinking it's a taxi
Ariana Grande in bizarre video: Licks donut, says 'I hate America'
Death by selfie stick: man killed by lightning while carrying a selfie stick
Fetuses stored in Homestead police refrigerator for at least 10 years
Ontario cuts off severely autistic woman's support payments because she has $7000 in her bank account
Grand Ronde man accused of sexually abusing horse
Baylor University No Longer Bans 'Homosexual Acts'
Wanted Australian man asks Victoria Police to use a 'better mugshot' of him on Facebook - while on-the-run
Man Discovers Pet Dogs are Actually Bears
Parents Force Teen to Live in the Woods For Eating Pop-Tart
Junk Food Can Hurt Your Brain, Too, Study Finds
London mall evacuated over unexploded WW2 bomb
"Gun iphone cases is a really bad idea" says police
Donald Trump: 'I Will Win the Latino Vote'
White NBA player says his 3 point shot suffered after buying an iPhone.
Memphis City Council unanimously votes to begin removing monument to first KKK grand wizard
Tom Selleck Has Allegedly Been Stealing an Assload of Water During the California Drought July
Students Told to Take Photos With a 'Consent Contract' Before They Have Sex
Is The Subway Guy Into Child Porn? Because Police Are Raiding His Home
RWW News: David Barton Says God Opposes Retirement Because It 'Is A Pagan Concept'
Republican Trump says 'I'll win the Latino vote'
Massachusetts man charged with threatening president on FBI website
Tea Party historian says Bible commands humans to work until death: 'God did not design us for retirement'
Thieves steal bike moments after cyclist is hit by a bus
The Russian interior ministry is promoting safety guidelines for taking selfies after a series of deaths involving selfies.
LA Gov. Bobby Jindal "The Confederate flag is a symbol of my heritage"
Russia Today Has an Illuminati Correspondent. Really.
TSA agents who confessed to groping attractive male passengers will not be charged, because the prosecution could not verify they were at the airport that day
It's Now Legal to Break Into Cars to Save Dogs in Tennessee
Hacker Attacks Gambling Websites, Demands Bitcoin Ransom
'Get me outta here ... cops are everywhere': Drunk driver hails 'taxi' that's actually a police car
University of Akron's juniors and seniors will pay 12 percent more despite tuition freeze
Abbotsford Drunk Driver Hops In Cab, But It's Actually A Cop Car
Detroit Student Charged With 'Felony Fleeing' For Leading Police To Well-Lit Area
N. Korea to distribute badges with Kim Jong-un's face to government officials
FBI Chief: 'Depressing' That Tech Giants Are Fighting for Encryption
Marisa Tomei to Play Aunt May in New 'Spider-Man' Movie (EXCLUSIVE)
MAYOR OF WHITESBORO, N.Y., INSISTS THIS VILLAGE SEAL IS NOT RACIST
Twizzlers, string cheese, and mixed nuts (in large quantities) fuel Iran nuclear negotiators
Armpit hair is 2015's hottest fashion accessory
New Zealand makes internet 'trolling' illegal
Free Wi-Fi for Mount Fuji Climbers
NBA player Matt Bonner blames bad shooting last year on tennis elbow caused by iPhone 6
Temple University Receives Anonymous Donation To Build Center For Discrediting Rape Allegations
Russia starts 'safe selfie' campaign after dozens of deaths
Woman charged after calling 911 for 'bad Chinese food'
Parents Claim McDonald's New Minions Toys Are Dropping F-Bombs
Baltimore police order stations to stay open 24/7 after citizen complaint
Poppy-Seed Pastries Land Russian Family In Jail On Drug Charges
Burglary Suspect Has Breakdown When He Realizes Judge Presiding Over His Case Was His Middle School Playmate
United blames travel-snarling system outage on router problem
What will happen if reddit shuts down?
Tucson PD releases names of people possibly connected to prostitutes - after removing those who happen to be cops
Jared Leto gifts rats and bullets to his co-stars
North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un Executes a Turtle Farmer For 'Incompetence'
mom donates liver to daughter, hospital misplaces the liver.
NYPD Sergeant Suspended After Throwing Semen on Woman He Liked
Man Discovers His Dogs Are Actually Bears
A girl died from doing the "Charlie Charlie Challenge".
New Zealand is making trolling illegal
Gov. LePage's epic Constitutional error means aid for asylum seekers will become law
Woman says to avoid shark attacks stay out of ocean
Mayor says town seal depicting white man strangling Native American is a "friendly wrestling match"
Racist SAE House Magically Transforms Into Safe Haven Of Cultural Acceptance
NEW PROTEIN BEER IS PERFECT FOR FRAT BOYS WHO WANT TO GET RIPPED
Ariana Grande says her words were taken out of context, doesn't 'hate America'
Puppy survives after boy accidentally flushes him down the toilet while 'washing' him
كليب فيلم زنقة ستات غناء(حسن الرداد_محمود الليثي_ايمي سمير غانم_مي سليم_...
Taco Bell now delivers 'food' to your door
Guy climbs onto a Broadway stage to charge his phone
Police claim man owns a pet deer, but man says they're just friends
Wisconsin Is Trying to Take Away the Right to a Weekend
R. Kelly: "Bill Cosby is a Pervert That Belongs in Jail"
Colouring books for adults a new way to relieve stress.
NYPD Sergeant throws Semen on his Crush
Great White Launches Out of the Sea, Photobombs Other Shark
Could Wyoming Fireworks and Colorado Weed Combine For Superstore on the State Line?
3-year-old gets 'ticket' for parking red, plastic motorcycle illegally
Boulder police: pecan pie fight ends in felony arrest
Florida county votes to fly Confederate flag once again
President of Sega Japan Finally Realizes That Gaming Quality Is Important
Toronto police bust 'dummy' driver for using mannequins in HOV lanes
Man named 'Bear' kills alligator that ate his friend in Texas
Russia unveils 'straight' flag to combat 'gay-fever'
HSBC employees sacked after staging mock ISIS execution
Russian 'straight' flag to combat 'gay-fever'
Ariana Grande Apologizes for "I Hate America" Donut-Licking Video
Tom Selleck Accused of Stealing Water for California Ranch
Veteran cop accused of splashing semen on co-worker
Veteran New York Police sergeant accused of throwing semen at civilian colleague
Ariana Grande accused of spitting on, licking doughnuts at shop
Federal judge quotes Iverson's 'practice' rant in Redskins ruling
ESPN just violated HIPPA rights of NFL player in a big way.
that so was NOT a taxi
Russia unveils 'straight pride' flag
Ecuador Built Pope Francis a Holy Bathroom
Bane Becomes the Internet's Top Suspect After the NYSE Halts Trading
Parents Forget Child, She Floats Out to Sea
Georgia Woman Charged With Murder After Taking Abortion Pill
Parents Swear McDonald's Minions Toy Is Saying 'What the F*ck'
Parents Say Minions Toy Sounds Like It's Swearing
Tunisia Plans to Build Antiterrorism Wall Along Border With Libya
Principal Declares PB&J Sandwich "Racist"
Harper worried that election might be influenced by voters
Peanut Butter & Jelly Sandwiches Are Now.... RACIST?
Homeless sex offenders moving out of South Ozone Park neighborhood
Guildford boy, 10, charged with 'toy gun' hold up of Midland truck driver
US think tank asks 'Is Tony Abbott the most incompetent leader of any industrialised democracy?'
Police investigating Ariana Grande's video doughnut licking
Jeb Bush: People Need to Work Longer Hours
Did you buy that latte 2 hours ago? Think about leaving the coffee shop.
Leading research university in Canada to offer new courses on quantum healing, alternative math (2+2=5) and unicorn anatomy
Florida man arrested after playing national anthem on July 4
Florida man breaks ex-wife's sex toy in half, accuses her of 'cheating' on him with it: police
FBI raids Michigan Jewish college suspected of defrauding federal government
Baylor University drops 'homosexual acts' from conduct rules
Man climbs onto Broadway stage to charge his cell phone
Sources: Clippers believe they have a DeAndre Jordan commitment, refuse to exit his home
Logitech now known as just Logi, because 'tech is everywhere'
University of Toronto Defends Class That Taught Anti-Vaccine Propaganda
Your next selfie could be your last, Russia warns
USA Challenges Japan to Giant Robot Battle
Judge orders kids to juvenile center for refusing to see dad
Man arrested for tossing pecan pie in road rage incident
U of T stands by health-studies course with anti-vaccine material
Keep Homeless Out of Ballard, Say Ballard Homeless
Reports: Two NFL players lose fingers in fireworks accidents
City dump finally willing to take some crap
Iowans flocking to campaign events to snap selfies
'We want more female heroes and less sex objects,' say teenage boys
BBC to give free micro:bit computer to every 11-12 year old in the UK
Emoji Battle Breaks Out as Clippers Try to Sway DeAndre Jordan from Mavericks
Ariana Grande apologizes for saying 'I hate America' in donut-licking video
Greek Prime Minister unfriends Angela Merkel on Facebook
Spyware company Hacking Team gets hacked
Campaign aims to shrink porn stars, inject them into another person
Confederate flag supporter says 'Slavery was a choice'
Beech Grove mayor considering prostitution 'warning' sign
Pecan pie thrown at start road rage fight that escalated in Boulder
Another Man Dies After Shooting Firework Off Body
In reversal of roles, Philippines lends IMF $1 billion to boost crisis fund
Deputies: Teen girl eats Pop Tart, parents force her to live in woods
Taco Bell delivery starts early with a baby delivery in parking lot
Reddit user makes playable record out of tortilla.
Tom Selleck accused of stealing water
NYPD sergeant suspended after allegedly throwing semen on female co-worker he was 'enamored' with, sources say
Mother in Chihuahua donates her kidney for her daughter, surgeons lose it
Here's a solution to the seemingly intractable debate around gun laws: Women can own them. Men can't.
Fan Arrested For Masturbating Outside Venue After Smashing Pumpkins & Marilyn Manson Concert
Suspected Mafia boss seeks access to Age journalist's sources
Hillary Clinton gives CNN reporter death stare when she's confronted about not knowing how to use fax machine [VIDEO]
Disguised love? Man arrested for dressing up in burka to meet girlfriend
Russia introduces public safety campaign to prevent injuries while taking selfies.
Police investigating after Ariana Grande 'maliciously licks' donuts
Putin unveils 'straight flag' to counter LGBTQI rainbow flag
Eric Holder, Wall Street Double Agent, Comes in from the cold
New study shows vampires fear discussing their lifestyle with medical professionals
Man punches cougar to rescue dachshund in British Columbia
Thai Villagers Build Clay Menage A Trois Model In Bizarre Rain Ritual
Midnight snack leads to stabbing.
Las Vegas lawyer sues Google for internet posts calling him a "Douchebag"
These 20 Insane Mugshots Will Give You Nightmares For Weeks http://piece.club/sckh6-these-20-insane-mugshots-will-give-you-nightmares-for-weeks
Texan Shouts 'F**k Alligators', Jumps Into Reptile-Infested Waters, Gets Eaten By Alligators
Kim Kardashian Filing For Divorce After She Caught Kanye West Masturbating To A Photo Of Himself.
A 10 year-old boy in perth has been charged with armed robbery after holding up a truck with a cap gun
Judge sends kids to Juvie for refusing to talk to dad; compares them to Charles Manson
Judge compares Bloomfield Hills children to Charles Manson, sends them to Childrens Village for refusing to speak with father
Young Russian woman plunges to death while taking selfie
Hack a computer? All you need is a PITA, says Israeli team
The Autistic Gardener review - is autism the new baking?
Bomb threat at Wisconsin Capitol leads to "bipartisan beer summit"
Social workers should be more understanding of vampires
Cat terrorizes a neighborhood
Man fined for sedating girlfriend so he could keep playing video games
Cops Say Family Banished Teen for Eating Pop-Tart
Police investigating Ariana Grande's doughnut-licking video
Police investigating Ariana Grande for licking doughnuts she didn't purchase
Uganda arrests two presidential hopefuls
Moscow offers hotline for 'selfie-addicts'
For Limberbutt McCubbins, 'The Time Is Meow' To Run For President
Bunch of Grapes Sells for Record $8,200
Friends rally for kids sent to detention center for refusing have lunch with dad
Man makes playable record out of a flour tortilla
Donald Trump really needs to step up his game
Kids Locked Up for Refusing to Have Lunch With Dad
Man caught driving with dummies on Gardiner HOV lane
Central NY Village claims that its village seal, portraying a white man strangling an American Indian, is not racist.
Wales: Duke of Edinburgh walker killed by lightning bolt while wielding selfie stick
Young Irish boy drinking Guinness
Prime Minister spend half a million dollars on flags in 6 months (x-post from r/australia)
Real Vampires Exist, and They Need Counseling Too
Paula Deen: "I Love Watermelons, Tacos and Guacamole Too Much To Be Racist"
Man charged for driving with 2 mannequins in HOV lane
MTV's 'White People' Tackles Race Debate With Uncomfortable Questions
Grizzly bear uses 50-pound, basketball-sized rock to shatter Minnesota Zoo enclosure
United Russia activists create 'flag for straights' to oppose 'gay fever'
I got sister pregnant in threesome
Mexican Police Deliver Wrong Corpses to Get Murder Case Closed
Apple Watch users struggle to find a compelling use.
Woman arrested after breaking into prison
Vladimir Putin's United Russia Party unveils 'straight flag' to rival gay pride symbol
Brock Lesnar Tears Off Car Door, Accidentally Throws It Into Young WWE Fan
Man Sedated Girlfriend So He Could Keep Playing Video Games
'Dark Knight's' Bane Blamed Online for NYSE Disruption
Chainsaw training to be offered to federal inmates on the prairies
Police investigate Ariana Grande donut lick
Self-Identified Real Vampires Look for Less Prejudice
Disney wins starwars.co.uk net domain battle
Michigan judge throws kids in jail because they won't eat lunch with their dad
Shaggy suggests combating ISIS with weed, music of Shaggy
Pope Francis Drinks Tea Made From Coca Leaves on Bolivia Visit
"Too sexy!" New Final Fantasy's hunky male lead has his revealing costume toned down
Internet Racists Are Obsessed With Nickelodeon's Show About "Cuckoldry"
MTV's New Documentary Wants to Make White People Very Uncomfortable
House GOP Wants to Overturn Confederate Flag Ban Adopted Just Yesterday
Burglary Suspect Chased By Bull
Overflowing GOP presidential field has Fox News in demand
Report: George W. Bush charged $100,000 to speak at 2012 charity fundraiser for wounded veterans
Arizona Paper Decries that Border Fence is Too High for Mexicans to Safely Jump
Tennessee set to honor former KKK leader on July 13
George W. Bush charged wounded vets group $100k for speech
Suspect found in child's playhouse after Hot Pocket heist.
A Saudi prince, a teenage DJ, and male burkas shared a runway at Berlin Fashion Week
Bucharest or Budapest? Jersey politician Steve Pallett flies to wrong country
Pecan pie fight ends in felony arrest
Hot Pocket heist ends in arrest in child's playhouse
Lost mule graveyard found near Interstate 540 West [NC]
Martin O'Malley's Policy Plan Cites a Satirical News Site
Paris to let cyclists skip red lights
Did 'Magnum P.I.' star Tom Selleck steal truckloads of hydrant water? A real P.I. was on case
A Brooklyn Man Got a $750,000 Settlement After Suffering a Six-Day Erection in Jail
Woman's Butt Implants Explodes While Doing Squats For An Instagram Workout Video
This Woman Called 911 Because She Didn't Like Her Chinese Food
Wiring Monkey Brains Together Has a Point, Say Scientists
Police are investigating Ariana Grande's donut-licking video
Mystery safe on Donlands Avenue prompts police response - Toronto
Ariana Grande Loves America, Hates Obesity, Is Silent on Doughnut-Licking
Very First Footnote of Dem Presidential Candidate's Attack on Wall Street Cites Fake News Site
Arby's Launches Support Line For Vegetarians Tempted By Its New Bacon
A police officer uses confiscated marijuana to make brownies and then calls 911.
Researchers: Vampires are people, too, and need as much psychotherapy as the rest of us
NEW MTV SHOW PUBLICLY SHAMES WHITE PEOPLE FOR "WHAT THEY'VE DONE IN AMERICA" White People documentary hosted by illegal immigrant features young Americans crying over their "white privilege"
Can KKK 'adopt a highway'? Appellate court to take up matter
Mysterious Bubbles Pour Out Of Mt. Lebanon Fountain
Putin Pledges to Try Yoga
Vet finds 62 hair bands, 8 pairs of underwear inside dog
KFC creates a fried chicken crust pizza
Teen With Asperger's Chose To Educate The People Who Severely Bullied Him
Villiage locals deploy sandpeople porn to embarrass rain god
Alleged trespasser found drunk and naked with pigs in hog barn. Was drinking "Hamm's" beer by Miller.
women attacks Boyfriend for refusing to have sex with her
Why an Indian judge thinks rapists should marry their victims
People Choose Free Candy Bar over Free 10 oz Silver Bar (Worth $150) in Experiment
NYPD cop arrested three times over past six months finally quits
Life Imitates Sharknado: A Baby Shark Fell from the Sky in Virginia
Elderly couple says dentist took their money but won't deliver dentures
GUY ROOFIES GIRLFRIEND SO HE CAN KEEP GAMING
To Help US Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans Charity, George W. Bush Charged $100,000
Judge jails kids for refusing lunch with dad
A Drunk Driver Hopped Out of His Car and Into an Idle Police Car, Thinking It Was a Cab
McDonald's customers complain about Minions' language
Little People convention asks high school to change nickname from, "Fighting Midgets"
To Help US Veterans Charity, George W. Bush Charged $100,000
Two NFL players lose fingers in firework-related accidents
8 Arrested After Handbag Heist, 20-Mile Police Pursuit
SC Representative: "I took my hearing aids out" during Governor's Confederate flag plea
Little People convention asks high school to change "Fighting Midgets" mascot
Harper worries that VOTERS could influence eleection results
Pornhub built a $1,000 twerking, robot butt
On the internet, anything is possible.
'Stormtrooper' walks 645 miles to Comic-Con to honor late wife
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin: "There are three branches of our government. You have the Supreme Court, the legislative branch and the people, the people and their ability to vote."
Ariana Grande Is Being Investigated By The Police For "Malicious" Donut-Licking
Alabama Burglary Suspect Chase by Bull Through Pasture
Colouring books for adults a new way to relieve stress Book stores struggle to keep up with demand as grownups experience joy of staying inside the lines Jul 08, 2015 3:04 PM AT
High Schools Embrace Shooting as Hot New Sport
Pensioner asks for council help after she is left "embarrassed and upset" by bird mess in garden
Baby dies after being left inside SUV in Florida
F.A.A. to Drop Donald Trump-Related Navigation Codes
'Breastfeeding in public is natural' - The Local
Ren Lu You Will Pay $10,000 To Whoever Can Find Him A Girlfriend, So Round Up Your Single Friends And Your Checkbook
Susan Sarandon Defends Ariana Grande: 'Lick a Donut in Solidarity'
Jeb Bush: Americans 'need to work longer hours'
Family claims selfie stick helped prevent drowning
Oregon allowing 15-year-olds to get state-subsidized sex-change operations
NYPD Sergeant Suspended After Throwing DNA on Co-Worker
"This is why you called 911?" Woman arrested after calling emergency line over bad Chinese food
Tom Selleck accused of stealing water to hydrate his avocado farm
"Even satan wasn't Gay, he chose to approach naked Eve instead of naked Adam." - President Mugabe on homo sexuality
Man Allegedly Drugged His GF So He Could Continue Playing Video Games
Guy Sedated His Girlfriend So He Could Keep Playing Video Games
There's a big salmonella outbreak in the US because people keep kissing chickens
Iowa school district asks principals to wear body cams
Republicans to Vote on Allowing Display of Confederate Flag
Susan Sarandon Supports Ariana Grande by asking followers to Lick a Doughnut
How virtual reality porn could bring about world peace
Chinese Company Names Sunglasses After Helen Keller
Seattle considers $25 'gun violence' tax on all firearm sales
R-Kelly: Bill Cosby Is A Perverted Sex Offender Who Deserves To Rot In Jail
Physicists propose new definition of time crystals-then prove such things don't exist
Oakland County judge locks up kids for refusing to see their father
Planned Dildo Factory To Add 150 Lancaster Jobs
Nicolas Cage awoken by naked man with Fudgesicle
Selfie stick helps to save family in rip current
Teacher sleeps with students, says she shouldnt be punished because they liked it.
Professors Urge Social Workers to Take "Real Vampires" Seriously, Not Impose "Stereotypes" on Them
Feral Cat Holds Neighborhood Captive
Why vampires are shy
BP could get billions in tax breaks on oil spill settlement
Pope Francis changes in Burger King before Mass in Bolivia
Man fined $550 for drugging girlfriend so he could keep playing video games
A Demon Cat From Hell Is Terrorizing an Entire New York Neighborhood
Concerned Parents Claim 'Minions' Happy Meal Toys Say "What the Fuck"
Wisconsin Lawmakers Hold Beer Summit After Bomb Threat
Forget Putin, the biggest health hazard in Russia are apparently selfies
Judge orders siblings to juvenile center for refusing to see dad
With immigration comments Donald Trump achieved the impossible: uniting divided Mexicans
Scooby Doo, The First Atheist Brainwashing Cartoon Reviewed • ChristWire
PHOTO: Philadelphia School District Bus Sports PPA Boot, Ticket
Winn-Dixie customer who fell while bending over to pick up watermelon sues
Man shoots himself while spinning gun on his finger
Hibernating bears could hold the key to long-distance space travel
Women less likely than men to travel back in time and kill Hitler
Fact Check: Did Ted Nugent really call for Native Americans to 'go back where they came from?'
Cursing Minion Happy Meal toy makes mom die inside
Parents outraged as McDonald's Minions toys swear at their kids
3 KIDS ORDERED TO JUVENILE HALL AFTER REFUSING TO HAVE LUNCH WITH DAD
Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 Special Edition Comes With a Working Mini-Fridge
Are McDonald's Minions toys teaching children the F-word?
Donald Trump is in 1st place in a GOP primary poll. I repeat, Donald Trump is in 1st...
Donald Trump has surged to the top of 2 new 2016 polls
You Can Now Buy GMO-free Water in the U.S.A
Vatican bewildered by Bolivia's 'communist crucifix' gift to Pope Francis
Ypsilanti police release picture of masked, fedora-wearing suspect wanted in 2 bank robberies
FERAL CAT HOLDS ROCKLAND COUNTY NEIGHBORHOOD CAPTIVE
Rip current rescue caught on camera at Nantucket beach
Bill Murray: Cardinals are 'cheaters' and 'Satan's messengers on Earth'
Vulgar panhandler unofficially welcomes tourists to Times Square.
Shark falls from sky, lands in Virginia Beach family's backyard
'Vampires' keep doctors in the dark for fear of stereotyping, study finds
3 children incarcerated for refusing to talk with abusive father
Detroit Men Shoot Each Other Over Kool Aid
Shenyang crowd urges suicidal woman to 'jump' before she plunges to her death
Siblings thrown in juvie hall for refusing to see dad
Men more likely than women to travel back in time and kill Hitler, bizarre study claims
MTV is putting together a documentary about being white
Jacksonville man shreds National Anthem so hard, cops are forced to arrest him
Michigan judge bullies children in open court for refusing to see their dad
Ariana Grande's Tongue Helps Triple Business at Doughnut Store
Wanted man asks cops to use better picture of him on Facebook
On Eve Of Nuke Deal, Iran Gears Up To Celebrate Official Death To America And Israel Day
Oakland County kids locked up for refusing dinner with father
Alleged bomber can't find legal help after explosion injures Winnipeg lawyer
Putin Aide Urges Russians to Quit Facebook, Citing Free Speech Concerns
Senator James Comey uses RapGenius to call out FBI director on alleged July 4th attacks
Man Discovers the "Puppies" He Raised for Two Years Are Actually Wild Bears
Arbys Launches Vegetarian Support Hotline 1 855 MEAT HLP
Politicians Urge Businesses to Stop Selling Gun-Shaped Cellphone Cases
John Smedley to convicted hacker: 'I'm coming for you'
Call to 911: 'I Bought Some Chinese Food and It's Not to Par...
The Bible, Pilgrims Would Oppose 'Wicked' Net Neutrality
Michigan Judge Detains Kids for Refusing Lunch With Father
Woman with 64 cats is desperately looking for new home
Man says it's too hot to fish
Cat woman seeks new home
The Mixed-Up Brothers of Bogotá: After a hospital error, two pairs of Colombian identical twins were raised as two pairs of fraternal twins.
Trump says he still doesn't know where Obama was born
FAA Ditches Navigation Codes Named in Honor of Donald Trump
Seeing double: Twin marries twin, and they have identical twin boys
Kids Locked Up For Refusing To Have Lunch With Dad; Judge Compares Siblings To Charles Manson Cult
Trump leads GOP presidential field in new national poll
California drought: Tom Selleck out of hot water, nudists in deep as water thefts spreads
Man Planned to Assassinate President With a Slingshot
People In Toronto Created A Memorial To A Dead Raccoon After The City Forgot To Pick It Up
Amber Roof, Sister of Alleged Charleston Gunman Dylann Roof, Creates GoFundMe Page to Pay for 'Dream Honeymoon' After Massacre Forced Her to Cancel Wedding
Improvising Pope Francis ducks into a Burger King to change in to vestments before Mass.
Torontonians memorialize dead raccoon with shrine
Burlington man sentenced to jail after snowball fight stabbing
Police Investigating After Ariana Grand 'Maliciously Licks' Donuts
Cách nấu món canh kim chi Hải Sản ngon tuyệt
Suburban Detroit police hope squirrel mug shot helps crack nut theft case
MAN CATCHES MECHANICS IN HIS CAR AT TACO BELL DRIVE-THRU IN MORENO VALLEY
Kids sent to juvie for not having lunch with dad.
Ice Cubes Don't Belong in Cereal
When the End of Human Civilization is Your Day Job
With Sonar-Reflecting Leaves, Plant Lures Bats to Poo in it
Audience member tries to charge phone on set of Broadway play
Driver cited for having makeshift pool in truck bed
Man literally washed child's mouth out with soap
Cristiano Ronaldo endorses another unusual Japanese 'fitness' product: a device that enables users to get ripped abs without heavy training
Nicholas Cage awoken by naked man eating Fudgesicle
Man admits washing child's mouth out with soap
Kid & Play Come Out as Gay Couple at Essence Festival -- Plan Spring Wedding
A German ethics committee wants to legalise incest
Fugitive who asked police on Facebook to use better mugshot arrested
Republican Governor Forgets to Veto Bills He Ferociously Opposed - Now They Are Law
Father says bomb scare was teen's chemistry set
Torontonians create memorial for dead raccoon
United Airlines pilot dumps live ammunition in plane toilet
Welsh Government use Klingon to respond to UFO questions
Legislators and corporate lobbyists meet in secret at Georgia resort
Nation's flag tally a more reliable measure of the nation's terror level than emergency alert system
How A Teenage Girl Who Gave An 'Intimidating Look' Was Sentenced To Up To 5 Years In Prison
People in Toronto Have Created a Memorial To a Dead Raccoon Left On The Street
Pope Perplexed By Gift Of Hammer And Sickle Carved With Crucifix
UK's George Osborne's 'living wage' is not actually a living wage, says Living Wage Foundation
Russia - Two men stop to pose for a selfie while holding a live hand grenade
Tortoise lured back home with pornography
Hungry Labrador Eats 62 Hair Bands, 8 Pairs Of Underwear
Fugitive who asked Victoria Police on Facebook to use better mugshot arrested
Pope Francis gets changed in Burger King on his way to telling Bolivian Catholics to 'reject consumerism'
Man fined after dumping rubbish next to blind person's house
Pope Francis changes in fast-food restaurant before Mass
3 Israeli-American Children Sent to Juvenile Detention - for Refusing To Talk to Dad
Schaeuble Tells Lew He'd Gladly Swap Greece for Puerto Rico
At Least One Federal Agency Now Considers 'Donald Trump' an Offensive Term
Donald Trump: 'I'd bomb the hell out of the oil fields'
Military analysts: Donald Trump's plan to bomb Iraq's oil fields not a good one
Swearing boy's mouth washed out with soap by ex-babysitter
Kin Jong Un claims North Korea have discovered 'Unicorn Lair'
New Jersey man murdered 7 people in span of weeks: officials
Man admits stealing free newspaper
#DeadRaccoonTO honoured by Toronto with sidewalk vigil
Thank God George Osborne is finally making young people pay for the crash - they caused it after all
Boyband member collapses on flight after wearing all his clothes to avoid extra luggage costs
Pope Francis Changes for Mass in a Bolivian Burger King
Online petition started to change the name of "Cracker Barrel" to "Caucasian Barrel"
Hormone therapy: It all started with a testicle cocktail
Democratic Congressman Says 'Say No to Oreo'
Win a Bag of Williamsburg Air in eBay Auction
Moron Street Racers Try To Put Out Nitrous Fire With Mountain Dew
Facebook Accused of Restricting Free Speech By a Putin Aide
One Presidential Candidate Just Promised To Wage War In 4 Different Countries
petition to Change the name of Cracker Barrel to Caucasian Barrel
"Russia stole our anti-gay flag", claims France
FL man arrested after accusing ex-wife of cheating on him with sex toy
Parents say McDonald's minion toy is swearing
Japan and America agree to put giant fighting robots into battle
"Russia copied our anti-gay flag", claims France
Singer faints on flight after wearing 12 layers of clothes to avoid bag fee
America Just Challenged Japan to a Giant Robot Fight
People in Toronto turned a sidewalk into a sweet memorial for a dead raccoon
Japan to fight USA in giant robot duel
Man to be sentenced for stealing free newspaper
KKK continues fight to 'adopt' a highway in Georgia
The Perks of Living in a Massive Abandoned Factory in Detroit
Jeb Bush Thinks Climate Change Will Be Fixed by "a Person In a Garage Somewhere."
Journalist Tries to Eat 8,000-Calorie Diet of Tour de France Rider, Regrets It
An RTI filed asking for India's nuclear launch codes!
Here is Toronto for you, everyone.
Toronto residents set up vigil around dead raccoon. RIP Conrad.
Kim Kardashian poses in lingerie in pile of dirt
NYPD Sergeant Accused of Throwing Ejaculate on Female Co-Worker
That's not how it works: Maine gov. accidentally enacts laws he meant to veto
Feds spent $2 million to have wives nag men about chewing tobacco
Washington Post Writer Who Accused Amy Schumer Of Racism Never Saw Her Standup or TV Show
Man Jams Out to 'Star Spangled Banner' on 4th of July, Gets Arrested for Breaching the Peace
Kim Jong-Un: North Korea has discovered 'Unicorn Lair'
Airport Security Asks Man to Play Sax-Immediately Asks Him to Stop
This Could Be The First Woman On A $20 Bill
Shilla restaurant owner accused in love triangle revenge plot
Iowa Makes a Bold Admission: We Need Fewer Roads
Ariana Grande Joins ISIS
Wanted Australian man asks police to use his better picture for mugshot
People In Toronto Made Memorial For Dead Raccoon After City Forgot To Pick It Up For 12 Hrs
Condoms to explain impact of population growth on animals
New plane cabin could force passengers to make eye contact
The sad reason one 'stormtrooper' walked over 600 miles to Comic-Con
Ariana Grande apologizes for donut fiasco, but doesn't explain donut licking
Rush Limbaugh: RG3 criticized because he's perceived as Republican
Kids thrown in jail after refusing lunch with their father.
This Teen Had Sex with Another Teen, So a Judge Tore His Family Apart
'Parents killed by ninjas' sign-holder arrested in Corbin, KY
Kotex have created Minions tampons
Anti-Smoking campaign fails hilariously trying to be hip with teenagers
Florida county votes to actually put the Confederate flag back up at government building
Belfast bonfire preparations force evacuation of homes
Hot Teacher Arrested For Sex With Student While On Bail For Having Sex With 3 Other Students Gets 30 Years In Prison
Teacher Allegedly Had Sex with Teen While Out on Bail for Sex with Teens
Evil plane seat design would ruin whatever good remains of air travel
Why Facebook changed their 'Friends' icon to 'put ladies first'
Faceglória: like Facebook but without all that 'sin'
Impromptu memorial created for dead raccoon in Canada
Mills singes hair at 4th barbeque, cuts shoulder-length locks
Police: "Serial dine-and-dasher" arrested at Disney
Woman pulls knife on teenagers at Taco Bell because the WiFi wasn't working
Putin official Facebook for restraining freedom of speech
North Charleston police officer appealing firing over Confederate boxer shorts
Making guns cool: High schools embrace shooting as hot new sport
'Immigrants' bring M25 to a halt
Putin official criticizes Facebook for restraining freedom of speech
Family only feels safe in pool, afraid from neighborhood devil-cat
WhatsApp And Facebook Messenger Ban Could Be Just Weeks Away Under 'Snoopers Charter'
Dead Toronto raccoon trends online after residents create memorial with candles, photos and a cigarette
The advantages of race and class are not easily shed, even in a falafel shop.
Man dies lighting fireworks off his head; parents demand stricter fireworks controls
Judge Throws 3 Kids In Juvenile Center For Not Being Nice To Their Dad
Feds investigate sex acts on Harrisburg courthouse roof.
50 Cent is coming to the Woodman's in Oak Creek for some reason
Pat Buchanan calls for rebellion, cites Martin Luther King, Jr. and Harriett Tubman
Woman solves the mystery of where missing hair bands go
Everything We Know (and Don't Know) About #DeadRaccoonTO
140 pairs of underwear stolen from store hit by 4 bra heists
This Handsome Gorilla Is Making All The Ladies Swoon, And I'd Like To Request A Moment Of Silence For Our Sanity - PHOTOS
Judge Jails Kids, Compares Them to 'Manson Cult' for Refusing to See Dad
In Resignation Statement, OPM Director Lauds Hacked Agency's IT Plan
Uber: Our Drivers Are Special Snowflakes, Not a 'Class'
Cleric said to be behind Tunisian beach massacre is living on benefits in Britain
Modern-day tomb raiders caught red-handed tunneling into 1,400-year-old Chinese temple
Minion Toy In Happy Meal Not Screaming Profanities, McDonald's Insists
The Plane Seating Arrangement That's Being Called A 'Nightmare'
Waukesha woman accused of hit and run, claimed 'ISIS was coming'
Parents say McDonald's Minion toys are cursing
Pope Francis surprised by hammer and sickle crucifix
New dinosaur has exciting nose: Wendiceratops
Catholic school teacher accused of sex with student
Pao out as reddit ceo; Huffman takes over
WTF? Parents say McDonald's Minion toys are cursing.
Ellen Pao Resigns as Reddit Interim CEO After User Revolt (NO REALLY!)
Florida county votes to put Confederate Flag back up
Bill Murray: Cardinals are 'Satan's messenger on Earth'
Waco detective tabbed as grand jury foreman in Twin Peaks case
New dating app selects matches based on web browsing history
'Chizza' at KFC replaces pizza crust with fried chicken
Ellen Pao resigns as Reddit chief executive
TIL : Ellen Pao no longer CEO
French Group Accuses United Russia of Stealing Design for 'Straight Flag'
Babies On Display: When A Hospital Couldn't Save Them, A Sideshow Did:
Mayor of town with racist flag doesn't understand the concept of symbolism
A Series of Tweets from the CEO of Frito Lay that He Meant to Type into the Google Search Bar
Magic Johnson Donates Blood to Save Lives
Ellen Pao is "stepping down" as Reddit CEO, co-founder and original CEO Steve Huffman re-takes the helm.
Bon Appetite! 40-Year-Old "Zombie Meat" Sold in Restaurants Across China
Dino skeleton to go on display at Creation Museum
El Salvador: 17 year old dies after gilding his testicles
Hubway asks naked bike riders to 'please wear clothes'
Memorial set up on Toronto pavement for dead raccoon called Conrad
Memphis City Council Votes to Dig Up Confederate General's Remains
Judge releases 'jailed' kids, sends them to summer camp
Children jailed for not seeing father
Memphis City Council to Dig Up Confederate General's Remains
Memphis city council votes to dig up remains of Confederate Civil War general, wife
Central NY Mayor Explains Village Seal That Looks Like a Native American Being Choked
Widow claims somebody tried to turn her husband into a mummy
Sharks may be attracted to heavy metal [Plus cool video]
Porn broadcast over SLO Target's PA system, police say
Man Arrested On Fourth Of July For Playing National Anthem On Electric Guitar On Sidewalk
Man charged after deer found living in Cabell County home
Jeb Blasts Obama For 'Big-Syllable Words And Lots Of Fancy Conferences And Meetings'
Queens tourist center closes because no tourist ever went there.
Kathmandu Is Cowed By Abandoned Cattle
College student protests parking fines by paying with 60 pounds of pennies
The "Washington Post" Opinion Writer Who Claimed Amy Schumer Was Racist Has Never Seen Any of Her Work
Russia launches 'Safe Selfie' campaign to stop selfie-related deaths
Mecca pilgrims snap selfies between prayers, some Saudi clerics frown
Cloud-Like UFO Glides Through Philadelphia
Little people group targeting 'midget' mascots across US
'I just like pigs' says man found drunk and naked in hog barn
Black Father Who Lost Son to Illegal Killer: Trump Brought Us Fresh Air, Trump Brought Us Hope (VIDEO)
Meet Limberbutt, the Tabby Cat Who's Running for President
Woman who claims she was Bill Cosby's mistress for 3 years defends him: 'He never drugged me'
Why Ellen Pao's departure bums me out
User Revolt? You mean reddit being reddit...?
Fitness trainer sparks outrage by saying London and Tunisia terror attacks 'should inspire people to get fit'
Texas Family Says Selfie Stick Saved Their Lives
Puppy Love, Anyone? This Cab Company Has More Than Just Rides to Offer
Diệt mối hiệu quả 3 bước | Diệt mối tận gốc
Ex-student: State Liable for Fingers Injured in Musical-chairs exercise
Whoops: Scott Walker accidentally announces campaign
How Pandas Survive by Eating Only Bamboo: They're Really Lazy
Welsh government responds in Klingon to UFO airport query
Now China is forcing students to recite chants praising its stock market intervention
Genius injures himself trying to high-five a motocross biker.
US judge detains children in Michigan for not seeing father
Japanese man born to wealthy parents is accidentally switched at birth and endures life of poverty
An archivist of the Vatican talks "there is no God, even the Pope does not believe"
Vigil for Bessie the cow killed by police marksman
Man jumps on stage to charge mobile phone
'Game of Thrones' Superfan Obama Is Very Upset About Jon Snow's Death
India: Applicant seeks nuclear launch codes through freedom of information law
Crimea: 'Cannabis island' discovered by police
#FAIL Watch as the Pope rejects Bolivia leader's communist gift: 'That aint right'
Too GINGER to fly: Teenager dream holiday turns into a 'disaster' as stopped from getting on plane
Girl raped twice in Maharashtra as trap set by police fails to protect her
Ariana Grande apologises after being filmed licking doughnuts and saying she hates America
Man Getting Blow Job in Public Does Not Stop Even When the Cops Show Up
Man calls 911, pepper-sprays police who responded
What about insects? Do they have rights too?' Animal Liberation Front
Man sedates girlfriend so he can keep playing video games with a mate
German gaming addict fined for drugging girlfriend to keep playing video games with his mate
McDonald's: We swear those 'Minions' aren't swearing
Texas Professor: Vegans Must Overthrow Society To Save The World
Florida woman doesn't realize she'd been shot until four days later
Burglary suspect snaps selfie on stolen phone
Hate Breeds Hate Flags Breed Flaggots
Not Even the Whale Expected THIS to Come Out of It's Blowhole
McDonald's In Edinburgh Hires Bouncers due to Gangs of Kids Terrorizing Staff
Subway's Jared Fogle told a journalist 'middle school girls are hot' off camera: report
Former Subway Guy Jared Fogle Allegedly Called Middle School Girls 'Hot'
'Shark Week': Sharks love death metal
This Man Says He Can Save Reddit With the Spirit of Bitcoin
Live birth broadcast cancelled after panda fakes pregnancy to get more food
Ted Cruz Buys Own Book in Bulk to Reach Top of NYT Bestseller List
Sea princess competitor drops out in wake of Confederate flag flap
Rewind singer collapses after wearing 12 layers of clothing on flight
Zoroastrians sue rapper Snoop Dogg for disrespecting their faith
Newest game release of the Call of Duty franchise will include a 'mini-fridge' as part of it's collector's package
Chad Mendes vs Conor McGregor Live full fight video: Watch UFC 189 onlin...
Republican Blackmailed By Gay Porn Star
'Can I put my hand there?': New York law changes the rules of the college hook-up
Jeb Bush accuses Obama of creating 'chaos' in the world by using too many big words
Rewind singer collapses after wearing 12 layers of clothing on flight to avoid baggage fee
NAACP president held in cocaine probe
[xpost] Greece may sue Goldman Sachs for helping it hide debt in order for Greece to defraud the EU into gaining membership
Jeb Bush Criticizes Obama For Using 'Big Syllable Words'
What Rivalry? How Zombies Brought Backstreet Boys and *NSYNC Together
Rock band tied to deadly nightclub fire to perform at site of hayride accident
Dead rat pulled from man's bellybutton in stomach-churning footage
100s Of Civilians Plan To Monitor Possible Military Takeover Of Texas
Kid Rock tells Confederate flag protesters to 'kiss my ass'
Dead raccoon gets sidewalk memorial after city doesn't pick it up
Have a Boy Scout? "Be Prepared" Gay Men will soon be Sleeping in their Tents
Rhinoceros party wants Rob Ford
Charges: Woman bruised herself, called police to report she was held captive, beaten by boyfriend
Does the US Need a Nationwide Exorcism?
Doctor Jailed for telling healthy people they have Cancer
Boy, 7, calls 911 after playmate tells him to shut up
Adam Savage's Rare Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom Sankara Stone's go missing after Tested Party at SDCC.
Fox News Pundit Calls Pope Francis 'The Most Dangerous Person On The Planet' For Suggesting Climate Change Is Real
George Bush Finger-Painting of Harper Sells to Canadian Government for $1.5 Million (U.S.)
Paul Ryan Says Government Won't Shut Down Because Republicans Are In Control
It's Silicon Valley 2, Ellen Pao 0: Fighter of Sexism Is Out at Reddit
Helicopter Cops Broadcast their Talk About Giving Each Other Fellatio - To Entire Town
Dear College Kids, If You Dress in an Ironically Racist or Insensitive Costume, You May Get Punched In the Nose Like I Did (Gawker)
Children Jailed For Not Seeing Their Father
Father of dead 7-year-old Amari Brown promotes drug business on Facebook
Toronto creates memorial for dead raccoon left on pavement.
Officials Not Sure How Prisoner Got Sawed In Half, With Organs Missing
Police Reports: Individual assaulted with soda can
A black anti-racist political activist, was granted political asylum in Poland and proceeded to knowingly infecting multiple white Polish women with HIV. He told women who insisted on condoms that she must be racist for thinking he might be infected with HIV.
President Obama will visit federal prison
One giant leap for humanity: the pizza cake
Pan Am Games: Link to our website without permission and we'll sue
Kids jailed for refusing to see father
Vain fugitive requests new mugshot from police via Facebook in Australia: Daniel Damon, wanted for failing to answer bail, criticised the mugshot used by police appealing for information on his whereabouts
This breaks my heart every time.
Ted Cruz on watching porn with Justice O'Connor
Malaysian Man Claims to be Richest Person in the World with a Net Worth of $6.4 Trillion
Teenager Reduced To Tears After Being Told She Was Too Ginger To Fly
Maine man dies after launching firework off his head
Man killed shooting firework off head was "goofing off," mom says
Kids Jailed for Refusing Lunch With Dad Being Freed as Judge Caves
Bemused Or Irritated? Pope Reacts To Gift Of 'Communist Crucifix'
Pants? Queen Victoria's underwear sold for £12,000 at auction
Goebbels' heir to receive royalties from Nazi chief's biography
Boy band member faints from wearing 12 layers of clothing
9 of the hottest minions you've ever seen
Ted Cruz recalls the time he watched hard-core porn with Supreme Court justices
Man, 70ish, Being Taken To Hospital In Ambulance For Non-Life Threatening Reason Killed When It Crashes
Student Pays College Parking Fines W/ 11,000 Pennies
Staged ISIS Beheading Video Hacked from McCain Staffer
Singer faints on flight after wearing entire wardrobe
KFC launches dollow-up to "Double Down"- the Double Down Dog
The grossest "Cosby Show" episode: Cliff Huxtable makes a "secret sauce" that makes people "all huggy-buggy"
There's a 'Cosby Show' Episode Where He Makes Women Horny and Docile with Magical Barbecue Sauce
Drink beer, save the planet! NZ company introduces world's first beer-based fuel
Grizzly bear smashes Minnesota Zoo partition with massive rock
'I'm, like, a really smart person': Donald Trump exults in outsider status
Official: Water Tom Selleck Accused of Stealing Was Paid For
Frenchman sentenced to 9 years for jihad recruiting, plotting attacks against Jewish sites
Boyband singer collapsed with heat exhaustion on easyJet flight after wearing TWELVE layers of clothes to avoid excess luggage fee
Toronto residents build memorial around dead raccoon
Russia's ruling party fights 'gay fever' with 'Heterosexual Flag'.
Kid Rock tells confederate flag protesters "kiss my ass"
Officer Suspended For Refusing To Kill Orphaned Bear Cubs
Police Seeking Florida Man Suspected Of Biting Baby
Reddit's Terrorists Have Won: Ellen Pao and the Failure to Rebrand Web 2.0
Rob Ford admits misusing HOV lanes, calls them 'a pain in the rear end'
"El Chapo", the first man to be named "Public Enemy No. 1" in Chicago since Al Capone and ranked on the Forbes' list of The World's Most Powerful People, escaped from prison...again.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzman escapes for 2nd time
How rock on a school playground became "magical."
Los Angeles Police look for "reverse" driver
Top Mexican drug lord Joaquin Guzman, known as El Chapo or "Shorty", has escaped from a maximum security prison for a second time, officials say
Anti-vaccine course brings U of T one step closer to offering a masters of pseudoscience
Pope begs forgiveness for sins and 'offenses' of church against indigenous of America.
Teen dead after bursting into flames trying to take selfie
A giant 'Nicolas Cage in a Cage' is about to descend on Australia
Chinese pair name kids after east German town
Turkey Testicle Festival host not ruffled by competing event
Penghianat?,Chinese pair name kids after east German town
NYC's first-ever Disability Pride Parade not in very accessible location, with nearby subway stations lacking elevators
Proof that Islamic State videos are made in studio (video)
Giant Ball Pit for Grown-Ups Opens to the Public in Washington, D.C.
Black Professor: White People Cause Menstruation!
Saudi Government Torn Over Whether to Let Caitlyn Jenner Drive
Centers for Disease Control Urges People to Stop Snuggling and Kissing Chickens
Offended shopper calls 911 over Confederate, Nazi memorabilia at Flea Market - "I was shaking and almost vomiting"
I bet this won't see the front page
'Mini ice age' coming in next fifteen years, new model of the Sun's cycle shows
'Offended' flea market shopper calls 911 over Confederate merchandise
Scottish police apologize for taking 3 days to respond to fatal car crash
Michigan judge Lisa Gorcyca sent three siblings - ages nine, 10 and 15 - to a facility for not speaking to their father because they say he abuses their mother. Judge says, go to lunch with your father of go to Juvenile detention. Kids say no, he hit our mom. Judge sends them to juvenile detention.
Dumped goldfish turn into giants in Canadian waters
Jim Henson Company Finally Developing Gritty Script About Puppets and Murder
Michigan police unit issues over 300 tickets in 8 hour shift.
Salmonella Outbreak Caused By Cuddling Chickens and Ducklings, CDC Reports
New Baltimore youth center named in honor of Freddie Gray
Boy beaten for taking a slice of birthday cake dies
Trending Fox hunting Greece crisis Karen Danczuk The Budget 7/7 bombings UK heatwave Sport Technology Money Travel Fashion Home News UK News George Osborne Chancellor George Osborne to inject hundreds of thousands of pounds into 'hardship' fund for MPs
Bill Cosby's wife says accusers 'consented' to drugs and sex
Manchester police seek man who 'tried to sell baby in pram' to people in shopping arcade
White Liver Transplant Patient Claims His Skin's Turned Black After Operation
Surgeons remove pitchfork from man's brain
Man who raised two puppies discovered they were actually two bears
Hale fellow well met - Finally, a Yale hero gets his bobblehead tribute.
Marine's tattoo reads 'You'll never walk' after amputation
Lebowski Fest founder arrested at bowling alley
Homosexuals Throw Human Excrement At Christians, And Wipe Their Anuses With Pages Of The Bible
In USA some of Unusual Jobs That Pay Surprisingly Well
U.S. military drills stoke politics of suspicion in Texas
Woman, 30, changes name to log in to Facebook
Police: Great Escape stuffed animal fight leads to death threats
Singer from Glasgow boyband Rewind passes out during a flight after putting on 12 layers of clothes
NYPD Sergeant Flings Semen At His Crush.
Some of Unlikely Photogenic Friends Will Unleash You Inner Awww.
Woman Legally Changes Name To Jemmaroid Von Laalaa To Reopen Locked Facebook Account
David Letterman briefly unretires to roast Donald Trump
Cat from Hell scares family to the point where they only feel safe in their pool.
South London woman changes name to Jemmaroid Von Laalaa to get control of Facebook account
But hipster beards are OK? New UK law to brand Muslims with beards as terrorists | Al Bawaba
Russian government issues guide to avoiding hazardous selfies
Cosby Sweater band changes name to Turbo Suit
Listen to a song made entirely from the data lost when compressing Suzanne Vega's 'Tom's Diner' to MP3
Baby for sale! Get your baby!
Wallingford police called after Nazi, Confederate merchandise found at flea market
Donald Trump will skip boycotted Miss USA pageant because, supposedly, he will be "campaigning in Phoenix".
Welsh government uses Klingon to respond to serious UFO questions
Mexican druglord escapes prison using tunnel
Teen colors in face with black permanent marker for viral challenge and is then shocked when it doesn't come off.
Man drugs girlfriend so he can keep on playing videogames
Lesbian love song from musical 'Fun Home' performed at U.S. Women's World Cup parade rubs some revelers wrong way
If the NHL is looking to expand its franchise to a desert, why not Saudi Arabia?
Muslim hired as British government terror watchdog is extremist who called US 'vicious world empire'
GMO-Free Water Now For Sale In the USA
By day, at heart of counter-terrorism policing. By night, preacher of extremism
NC teenager lights firework in moving vehicle, it lands on his feet and goes off
Toronto Police escort Brazilian Cycling Team off Major Highway
NYPD Sergeant Suspended After Throwing Semen At Female Co-Worker Crush to Earn Her Attention
NRA to Australia: Your gun laws are a mistake
Explosive device ruled out not threat at Narragansett beach - ABC6 - Providence, RI and New Bedford, MA News, Weather
Best man wins payout after agency books 'wrong' strippers for mate's buck's party
MAN IN PENIS COSTUME SPRAYS BYSTANDERS WITH CONFETTI TO SPREAD STD AWARENESS
Canadian Government Warns Citizens to Watch Out for US Police Robbing Them
US Supreme Court Rules Legal to Drive on Public Roads Without A Liscence
US Supreme Court Rules Legal to Drive on Public Roads Without A Licence
People are saying that 'El Chapo' escaped from prison to go after Donald Trump
Part of Riverfest Postponed Due to High Waters
Dog allergic to human.
Amid Confederate flag controversy, Tennessee to honor KKK leader.
Teen Tries To Murder His Mother After She Asks Him To Turn Down TV Volume
Ex-worker accused of stealing recipes
Why Are Our Parks So White?
Butt implants explode when doing squats for Instagram
Wife arrested after fight with husband over Confederate flag
Petition calls on Cracker Barrel to change its name
【解決済み】WinX DVD Copy Pro圧縮できるか？片面2層を1層のDVD-Rに圧縮してコピーしたい
Age Treinamento de guerreiro
Jizella wine. The Ad really sells it.
Buffalo Bills Assistant Coach Arrested for Punching a Kid in the Face over a Beach Chair
Jennifer Aniston leading fight against Beverly Hills and Bel Air giga-mansions which 'ruin' lives
Police: iPhone case looks like gun; don't use it
It took three decades, but in 10 years Iran will be able to run, not sneak, to A-bomb
Monkey gets revenge on owner who forced him to climb trees for coconuts... by killing him with a well-aimed coconut
Monkey gets back at cruel owner by killing him with a perfectly thrown coconut
Monkey kills cruel owner with a perfectly thrown coconut from a tree
"We should have invaded Mexico": Donald Trump bashes Iraq war, suggests a different one: Report
Trump Says the U.S. Should Have Invaded Mexico
Groping women force barmen to give up kilts
The curious truth about belly button fluff
Media titan Rupert Mudoch obliterates Donald Trump using statistics
The Temple Institute is Raising a Genuine Red Heifer
Cop arrests prostitute then later goes back and has sex with her
Social media explore two sides of white privilege with #TakeUsDown
Muslim theologian's talk on 'advanced oral sex' turns on social media
Woman driver smashes into van while pleasuring herself with a sex toy
CDC: Salmonella outbreak caused by cuddling with chickens
Ben Affleck, Christian Bale caught shopping for Batman costumes
Police still questioning man after reports that baby girl was being offered for sale for £1,000
Woman Posts Selfie in Front of Black-on-Black Man-Rape
'I just like pigs': Police arrest drunk, naked man in Pennsylvania hog barn
The Republican Party Is Still Trying to Decide if Minorities Matter
Mini driver smashes in to fish van while pleasuring herself with sex toy
Man arrested for charging iPhone on London train
Orthodox Jewish group hires Mexicans to protest NYC Pride
Officer Who Put Eric Garner in Fatal Choke Hold Would Like His Old Job Back
"F-bomb Ordinance" gun store name 'packs' city hall with a dozen angry residents
Chief Keef to hold concert to benefit family of toddler killed in getaway after one of his crew, Capo, was murdered.
Hijab-wearing teen wins best dressed at high school
Gynecology Medical Association Demands Apology From Rapper After "Spread Your Legs Like You're At The Gynocologist" Lyric
Hunger Games actress schools Kylie Jenner on cultural appropriation over cornrows selfie
Police: burglary suspect shoots himself in the foot in police cruiser
What exactly does 'one' mean? Court of Appeal passes judgement on thorny mathematical issue
Sheriff: Man went to Ariz. for 'sex acts' with horse
Scotland's first home-grown wine 'undrinkable'
Woman Pleasures Herself While Driving A Mini, Crashes Into A Van
Berlin Man Steals Bike, Breaks Into Restaurant to Drink Half a Bottle of Tabasco Sauce
Indian teenage rape victim raped a second time due to police using her as bait and failing.
How Big Water is trying to stop the National Park Service from cleaning up plastic bottles that are fouling the parks
Funny Things Foreign Governments Warn Their Citizens About Traveling to the U.S.
Teen Rape Survivor Used as 'Bait' by Police in Maharashtra (India) Raped Again.
Cops Arrest Woman, 58, For Battering Female Domestic Partner With Dildo
British redhead told: 'You're too pale to fly'
Rambo 'to fight ISIS in Last Blood', Sylvester Stallone confirms
Horseheads girl creates intricate chalk drawing
Rambo vs. ISIS, who will draw first blood? - Not Just News
OB/GYN Association Threatens To Sue Rapper For "Spread Your Legs Like You're At The Gynecologist" Lyric
The Vatican plays landlord to Europe's biggest gay bathhouse
Boy Band Member Collapses on Flight After Wearing All His Clothes to Avoid Luggage Fee
Spanish town to put its pigeons on the pill
Burglary suspect shoots self in foot in police cruiser. Officer had left gun in backseat
50 Cent files for bankruptcy
Indoor Center Promoting Michigan's Outdoors Opens Soon
Rapper 50 Cent Files for Bankruptcy
Man Dies After Chasing Beach Ball Onto CTA Red Line Tracks
Inflate-gate: Assault charge for Grimsby Town fan accused of hitting steward with inflatable shark
50 Cent Ordered to Pay Rick Ross' Baby Mama $5 Million
Florida man sentenced to 2.5 years in prison for having sex on the beach.
Gun shop draws fire for dropping 'F-Bomb' in name
Woman shot several for sending "Too Many" Candy Crush invites
Never knew they were that expensive to buy outright
Iranian court orders U.S. to pay $50 billion in damages
Woman driver smashed her Mini into the back of a van while pleasuring herself with a sex toy at the wheel
Texans monitor Jade Helm military training amid fears of government plot, "likely more than a military exercise" says Chuck Norris
Appling woman hospitalized after drinking air freshener she mistook for moonshine
Women molested and raped during free entrance to water park event. Director of water park says: "There was NO such thing as sexually assaulted at the water park, it's just their bikini quality..."
Residents kayaking down streets outside Calgary after thunderstorms rip through area, causing floods
Woman Denied Boarding Because She Was Too Pale to Fly
Man arrested after charging iPhone on London Overground train
United Airlines: Pilot flushed live ammunition down plane's toilet
Woman crashes her car while pleasuring herself with a sex toy.
Man, Nephew Win Meth Lab in Auction for Storage Unit
Woman drove into the back of a van in Cirencester "while pleasuring herself with sex toy"
Woman driver smashes into van while pleasuring herself with a sex toy in Cirencester
How could this have happened, again? (face palm)
ISIS' chief singer and songwriter killed in Syria, activists say
Incoming Law Dean Takes Smaller Pay Package
Incoming Law Dean Says He Demanded Pay Cut Before Taking Job
El Chapo vows to make Donald Trump eat his words
Man calls 911 over Confederate and Nazi flags being sold at flea market
Mexican American Artists makes Donald Trump Butt plugs
El Chapo Tweets About Escape & Threatens Donald Trump
Is 50 Cent broke? Get Rich Or Die Tryin hitmaker 'files for bankruptcy'
Man Fights Cougar To Save His Miniature Dachshund Bailey, Punches Animal In The Face
Downtown hot dog dispute leads to police visit
Founder of LebowskiFest arrested for smoking weed at LebowskiFest.
Spontaneous Bernie Sanders Rally Breaks Out at Comic-Con
Senator arrested for DUI will keep committee chairmanship
Connecticut teen is fatally hit by car while saving friend, unwittingly completes bucket list
Woman had been pleasuring herself with a sex toy during Cirencester crash
Woman arrested for dumping water on Baltimore mayor, report says
New York City to Reduce the Number of Left Turns in Maps Navigation Directions
Edmonton restaurant turning trash into tasty treasures
Man arrested after charging iPhone on a train
Majority of people across the world growing older at faster pace due to climate change
Mexican Immigrant Creates a 3D Printed Donald Trump Butt Plug, Available Now for Purchase
Female driver crashes while pleasuring herself with sex toy
Taxpayers have now spent $3.5 million to find out why lesbians are obese
Woman shot in leg realizes it 5 days later
Some Of The Funniest Signs Ever Written
Woman Crashes Car Due to Furious Masturbation During Traffic Jam
Escaped orangutan sends Melbourne Zoo into lock-down
Indonesia's 'Chicken Church' Is So Much Cooler Than Florida's
Rednecks genuinely surprised that their confederate flag parade was not welcome in a Black neighborhood.
Cops arrest apparent metalhead after his fake bullet belt sparks 'panic' on Boston bus
Tandem cyclists blasted for M55 jaunt
EcoSciences Share Price Climb As It Expands Brand Reach
Man arrested after 'trying to SELL a three-month-old baby for £1,000 in a shopping centre'
Jurassic World Reenacted By Thespian Troupe Of Nigerian Dwarf Goats
Man charges iPhone on train, arrested for stealing electricity
Confederate flag supporters want justice after bottles thrown during flag run
Iran Fines U.S. Administration $50 Billion
Portland Record Label Offers Women A Pay-Gap Discount
'I'm going to make you eat your words': Mexico's billion-dollar drugs lord THREATENS Donald Trump on Twitter account 'run by his son' and taunts the world after his dramatic escape from prison
'Pope of the Poor' Francis apologizes for overlooking middle class woes
Terrible Doctors Are Uploading Selfies Taken Next to Women's Vaginas During Childbirth.
A Typical gamer, the Rampant Rabbit strikes again, incredible news for Simpsons' lovers and more..
Local woman says T-shirt sends wrong message
A Crime Of Passion: When The Love Of Yogurt Burned Too Bright
Woman legally changes name in order to log in to Facebook
Vermont crews paint over dead skunk
Former MEP Ashley Mote, who criticised corrupt spending in the EU, jailed over corrupt spending in the EU
Nike has been fined £48,000 by a french court after dressing Winston Churchill statue in basketball shirt
Soccer concussions more likely from contact with foe than ball, study finds
Napkin-eating broker at center of $5.6m insider trading scheme avoids jail time
Grimsby Town inflatable shark attack fan convicted
Group Fights To Keep Mural Of Native American Lynching
COUNTY COMMISSION: Flags to fly less than half-staff over gay marriage ruling
Man accused of pouring hot sauce on girlfriend; trying to put her in oven
Woman freed by firefighters after getting stuck in bar stool while retrieving dropped phone
'New evidence' to back up UFO claim
El Chapo Rips Donald Trump After Second Prison Break
Man travels to AZ to have sex with horse.
"Ottomans were the first to reach the moon" - Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, The Turkish president.
The West is so dry even a rain forest is on fire
Venue fined after drummer farted.
Woman legally changes name to "Jemmaroid Von LaaLaa" in order to keep Facebook account
Woman "Pleasuring Herself With Sex Toy" Drives Into The Back Of A Van
Justin Bieber apologizes for revealing his potentially offensive naked butt
Football fan found guilty of attacking a steward with an inflatable shark
Artist arrested for charging phone on train
Donald Trump Calls The FBI to Save Him From the Wrath of El Chapo
8 Ways to Ensure Your Daughter Won't Become a Mudshark
Grimsby Town fan found guilty of assault after striking steward with inflatable shark
Racists drive through black neighborhood, flying confederate flags.
Chicago Moves To Ban Gun-Shaped Cellphone Cases
Despite a successful rap career and earning $100 million from the sale of Vitamin Water, Rapper 50 Cent has filed for Bankruptcy
Woman in wench costume takes down sword thief
Flags to fly less than half-staff over gay marriage ruling
The Founder Of Lebowski Fest Was Arrested For Smoking Weed At A Bowling Alley
'Chicken Church' built in the Indonesian jungle by man with 'a vision from God'
Fight The Power: Bold White Man Launches Petition To Change "Cracker Barrel" To "Caucasian Barrel"
13 Russian boy sent to jail due to size of his penis
Reddit took its trolling to the top by basically forcing its CEO, Ellen Pao, out of her job... She did things Reddit's volunteer moderators didn't like, specifically she cracked down on subreddits created just to harass people
Donald Trump Calls FBI After El Chapo, Escaped Drug Lord, Threatens Him On Twitter
Missouri County Votes to Fly Flags At Half Staff for a Year to "Mourn" SCOTUS Marriage Ruling
Tennessee law forces Governor to honor Confederate general, KKK leader
Lad Jumps Off a Swing & Clears a House!
Concerns raised that spy palace's glass walls could allow snooping by foreign eavesdroppers
Trump says he'll kick El Chapo's a--, calls FBI after threat (is returned)
'Trump Wrong': Rupert Murdoch Fact-Checks The Donald on Mexico
Lebowski Fest Founder Arrested After Allegedly Smoking Marijuana At Bowling Alley
Grimsby fan guilty of assaulting Barnet steward with inflatable shark
Rupert Murdoch: Donald Trump 'wrong' on immigration
French anti-gay group upset that Russia copied their 'straight pride' flag
Lebowski Festival Founder Arrested at Bowling Alley
Rapper Chief Keef to use hologram to perform at benefit, avoid arrest
India: Teenage girl raped again after police fail to appear after setting trap
Remember! Guns don't kill people, illegal immigrants kill people
Rick Santorum: Scott Walker's wife could make him soft on gay marriage
Farrah Abraham gives $600 to daughter Sophia for her two front teeth
Archaeologists Baffled By 2,000 Tiny Gold Spirals Discovered In Denmark
Lebowski Fest Founder Arrested After Allegedly Smoking Weed At Bowling Alley
Eric Dubay Supports Hitler
MCSO: PA man flies to Phoenix for sex acts with horse
Woman Pulls Knife on Teens After Taco Bell Wi-Fi Stops Working
Local man douses teddy bears with lighter fluid, threatens to hurt ex-girlfriend's family
Other countries 'airy-fairy' on climate change, says Tony Abbott, as Australia delays new emissions target announcement
Sabres' Ryan O'Reilly charged with impaired driving, ramming truck into Tim Horton's
Lebowski Fest founder arrested for lighting up a doobie in a bowling alley.
Escaped drug lord El Chapo sends tweet to Donald Trump
Hundreds of sex toys dangling from power lines in Portland, Oregon
Maryland boy dies after he was brutally beaten for eating birthday cake
Missouri County Commission Votes to Lower Flags to Mourn Gay Marriage Ruling
Sad Missouri county to fly flags at below half-mast over gay marriage ruling
PA man flies to Phoenix for sex acts with horse
Surgeon Tattoos Eye Patients To Boost Self-Confidence
Jaguars Player Arrested After Trying To Pay With Gum
Crawford told detectives he had traveled the country since the 1970s to find horse owners willing to let him have sex with the animals
Former MADD president arrested for DUI (old article)
Ukraine hires selfie-snapping hot cops to make citizens like law enforcement
18 University Students to Commit Suicide if Obama Skips Campus Visit
I was a professional sperm donor
Boy Scouts Moves to Lift Ban on Gay Leaders, Will Continue to Allow Troops to Discriminate
A County In Missouri Will Lower Its Flags To 'Mourn' Marriage Equality
Woman died after shampoo bottle forced inside her abdominal cavity.
FAA to remove Donald Trump's name from navigation system
Experts: RNC unlikely to embrace Caitlyn Jenner
Australian woman arrested in Abu Dhabi for 'bad words' on Facebook
Teen Rape Survivor Used as 'Bait' by Police in Maharashtra Raped Again
Study urges people to accept those who 'identify as real vampires'
North Korea invites US Congress to visit alleged 'anthrax' plant
Memphis to dig up Confederate general and Ku Klux Klan leader buried in city park
Man charging iPhone on London Overground nicked for 'abstracting electricity'
Michael Rubin: Iranians Think "Very Differently" From Us
Woman crashes her Mini into the back of a van... while using a sex toy
Trump threatens to "kick El Chapo's ass," then calls FBI when El Chapo returns threa
Woman Masturbating With Rampant Rabbit Vibrator Crashes Mini Cooper Into Stationary Fish Wagon
University Researchers: We Have to Accept People Who 'Identify as Real Vampires'
Passenger arrested for using plug socket to charge phone on train
University Of Toronto Teaches Students That Cancer Is Good And Vaccines Are Unsafe
Kotex sweat band .
North Korea introduces cycle lanes in Pyongyang
Todd Starnes Calls On God To Send Hornets And Cicadas To Attack Obama
North Korea denies anthrax production, invites Obama to verify
Shropshire MP reveals 15 test pigs blown up
People Still Think The United Nations Might Take Over The Alamo
Taxpayers Spend $3.5 Million to Find Out Why Lesbians Are Fat
Ukraine's Consul in Turkey Fired for Wearing Putin T-Shirt
Mo. county to observe year of 'mourning' over same sex marriage ruling
Threats force Satan statue unveiling to secret Detroit venue
This was the moment that civilization began to fall apart. A mother has told her child that Father, the universal authority figure who for centuries has kept society from devolving into chaos, is an incompetent boob.
*NSYNC and Backstreet Boys Members Are Making a Sharknado-Style Zombie Western Movie
Cows sought after BMW vandalized
Hilary Clinton: Christians In America Must Deny Their Faith In Christianity
State media criticises US, says lawyer crackdown sets an example and promotes rule of law
"There was some drooling, licking evidence": Gang of cows assault BMW, cause $1,000 in damage
Rogue cows cause $1,000 in damage to BMW in Val-des-Monts
Ads telling Irish people to leave Canada spotted in Toronto, everybody confused
Boy band singer collapses after wearing 12 layers of clothing to avoid bag fee
Couple's SUV stolen, repaired by thief
M'lady's Records Charges Women 77 Cents for Every Dollar They Charge Men
Man Undergoes Plastic Surgery to Look Like Kim Jong Un
Storage Unit Auctioned Off For $80 Comes Complete With A Meth Lab
Do we Always Practice What we Preach? Real Vampires' Fears of Coming out of the Coffin to Social Workers and Helping Professionals
Miss USA: Should Math Be Taught In School?
Socialist Party of Great Britain worth £1.3m, accounts show
Naked Man on Car Snarls Rush Hour Traffic on I-95 South in West Haven
Texas Judge Says He'll Marry Gay Couples, But Only If He Can Insult Them First
Oklahoma Republican Party Compares Food Stamp Recipients To Animals In FB Post
DEA agents had 'sex parties' with prostitutes hired by drug cartels
Oklahoma GOP Compares Food Stamp Recipients To Animals
Naked Man Snarls Traffic On Interstate 95 In West Haven
Tallahassee Man Arrested, Left Dog in Hot Car to Take Girlfriend to Doctor
Woman Too Busy Using Sex Toy In Traffic Crashes Into Van
Former MIT lecturer who claimed bank robbery was performance art sentenced to prison
Man came to Ariz. for 'sex acts' with horse
No jail term for man who confessed to raping his girlfriend while she slept
Belgian government working on new "mayonnaise law"
The Life of an Auschwitz Guard
BREAKING: Planned Parenthood director caught on tape selling aborted 'baby parts'
Gói cước và Chương trình khuyến mãi FTTH CMCTelecom ~ Lắp mạng Cáp Quang
Naked man on car roof causes rush hour delays on I-95
Crystal Lake Lawyer Mocked Size of Client's Penis: Complaint
Okalahoma GOP bashes food stamps, says it's the equivalent of feeding wild animals
Gamer drugged his girlfriend so he could play Xbox for a few more hours
Now It's Illegal to be a Punk Rocker
Woman arrested in sex toy attack
Thanks Obama: President blamed for Kingsport counterfeiting
Pantless Man Causes Bomb Scare on Lee Highway
Man convicted in $2 million Lego theft charged with burglary in Lombard
Oklahoma GOP Post Compares Food-Stamp Recipients to Animals
Big Lebowski festival founder arrested on suspicion of smoking marijuana in bowling alley car-park
Naked Man on Car Snarls Conn. Highway Rush Hour Traffic
Oklahoma Republican Party Compares Food Stamp Recipients To Animals
Sabres' Ryan O'Reilly arrested after driving his 1951 Chevrolet into a Tim Hortons and fleeing the scene: cops
Florida Man Walks Into Hospital, Walks Out With $48K Operating Room Table
ISIS Blows Up A BABY For Demonstration
Ex-Porn Star Sasha Grey Is Dragged Into Russia-Ukraine Propaganda War
Man who 'killed Pluto' has no regrets
Thanks Obama: Obama blamed for Kingsport counterfeiting
Pennsylvania man arrested in Arizona on suspicion of bestiality
No charges in Ariana Grande's doughnut-licking incident
Actor Jesse Eisenberg compares Comic-Con to genocide
The Dent County Commission voted unanimously to lower the flag in order to mourn marriage equality.
How anal sex ruined my relationship
Woman's Butt Implants Explode While Doing Squats
Man Stole Operating Room Surgical Table
Hundreds of sex toys dangle from Portland power lines
French rail jingle inspires Pink Floyd's David Gilmour
Poll: Palin Would Bring Much-Needed Dignity to Republican Field
Donald Trump Rockets to No.1 in Polls
Trump outsources stock photo of American soldiers...to Nazi-era Germany
Redheaded teen stopped by gate agent, told she was too pale to fly
White man claims he's turning black after liver transplant from African-American donor
Donald Trump Tweets campaign poster of American flag overlaid with soldiers sporting Nazi (Wehrmacht) insignia
Donald Trump Tweets Patriotic Image of His Face with Nazi Soldiers
Terrifying heat-proof sharks found living inside scalding hot, acid-spewing VOLCANO
Naked man sitting on car snarls traffic on I-95
A Woman Crashed Her Car Because She Was Masturbating
Miami Republican congressman posits Donald Trump candidacy may be Democratic plot
Deleted Trump tweet appears to use German soldiers by mistake
Driver swats at bee, flips car into water-filled ditch
'Hunger Games' Actress Amandla Stenberg Calls Kylie Jenner's Cornrows Cultural Appropriation
Woman uses vibrator while driving and ends up crashing her car
5,000 Kenyans Vow To Strip Naked In Protest To Obama's "Aggressive" Support for Homosexuality
Donald Trump Just Tweeted a Campaign Ad Featuring What Look Like Nazi Soldiers
Woman uses vibrator while driving, ends up crashing her Mini Cooper
Star Wars Action Figure Has Parents Furious
Large carp found in Olathe drainage dish
PETA Thinks Gung-Ho Animal Activist Was Maybe Just Undercover SeaWorld Employee
Cows on the run after scratching, drooling on Val-des-Monts woman's BMW.
PORTLANDIA INVADED BY HUNDREDS OF SEX TOYS DANGLING FROM POWER LINES
Woman Blames Obama For Counterfeiting Money
Comcast Teams Up With EA For Streaming Game Service
Donald Trump Deletes Campaign Promo Reportedly Containing Nazi Image
Masturbating Woman Crashes Into Seafood Truck
Donald Trump tweets campaign photo with possible Nazi soldiers
S. Korean police say professor fed former student feces
Grand Jury: Ex-Harrisburg Mayor's Corruption Included Vampire Kit
Evolve Music Festival has 'best year yet' with few drug overdoses: organizer
Government Spends $3.5 Million To Find Out Why Lesbians Are Fat
Top Reddit Engineer Quits Saying Ousted CEO Ellen Pao Was Set Up to Fail
How to Prevent Your Daughter from Getting a Neck Tattoo...
Now The Symbol Of New Orleans Is Considered Racist
Missouri County Will Lower Flags To Mourn Gay Marriage Ruling For A Year
Driver crashes into seafood van while reportedly using a sex toy
Actual FCC complaints from people who saw LeBron James' penis on TV
Reddit chief engineer quits after 2 months, says Pao was framed
Missouri county to "mourn" gay marriage for one year, gives up in less than 24 hours
Man arrested for stealing electricity for charging his iPhone
EA and Comcast Team Up for New Game Streaming Service
POLL: Donald Trump just 'vaulted' to the top of the GOP field
Amanda Seyfried claims she was paid just 10 per cent of male co-star's salary in recent movie
Florida Man ties and blindfolds an Alligator for sex
Boring Teens Are Saying No to Weed
Branson buys Pluto, reinstates as planet.
Jaw-Dropping Star Wars Doll Has Parents Outraged.
No, Native Americans *weren't* the original environmentalists
Self-styled vigilantes attacked the home of a hospital paediatrician after apparently confusing her professional title with the word "paedophile",
Planned Parenthood director admits to selling fetus body parts
Filmmaker Gets a Year in Prison for a Robbery He Called Performance Art
Police: South Korean professor force former student to drink urine and eat feces
Democrats Introduce Bill to Ban 'Husband' and 'Wife' As 'Anti-Gay' Words
Undercover camera catches Penn. man picking out horse in Arizona bestiality sting
KFC responds to Pizza Hut's Hot Dog Pizza
Canada needs a Donald to add spice to politics
Donald Trump in the Lead for Republican ticket in new national poll
Hologram to throw feces on crowds at Coachella
Brooklyn Law School to give unemployed grads money back
Confederate flag is gone. Is New Orleans' iconic fleur de lis next?
Black Bears Mistaken For Puppies For Two Years By Chinese Man
Myrtle Beach restaurant patron jailed after planning for 'Jesus' to pay tab
Dendroecology suggests that not everything is caused by climate change
Donald Trump Just Tweeted and Deleted a Picture Featuring Nazi SS Soldiers
Tulsa Police Warn Parents About 'Kik' App (x-post /r/tulsa)
Airline mistakes being sick with being ginger, bars Scottish girl from boarding aircraft.
Tulsa Police Warn Parents About 'Kik' App
Jesse Eisenberg compares Comic-Con to "some kind of genocide"
NAACP Calls For Stone Mountain Confederate Carving To Be Removed
Police say they are unlikely to make arrests over bonfire effigies because evidence was burned. WTF only in Ireland lol
Donald Trump campaign tweets photo with Nazi soldiers - then leads the polls
Trump campaign mistakenly tweets star-spangled Nazis
Nosferatu director's head stolen from grave in Germany
Ads telling Irish people to leave Canada spotted in Toronto, everybody confused (repost from /r/WTF
Trump calls in FBI after death threat from 'El Chapo's Son'.
Reddit CEO: Site Not Supposed to Be a "Bastion of Free Speech" (Reddit drama)
New data reveals that Pluto's heart is broken
Donald Trump's Newest Presidential Campaign Poster Has Nazi Soldiers On It
Donald Trump Leads National Presidential Poll
NO REALTOR FEE FLORIDA
Man with selfie stick captures thief allegedly stealing his cell phone
Genius discovers a way to eat a burger and lose weight.
Stolen adult tricycle, owned by Northampton author, recovered by police on bike path
Kansas passes measure to allow unlicensed teachers
Rep. Carlos Curbelo thinks Donald Trump is a secret Democratic operative
SHOCK VIDEO: Planned Parenthood sells dead baby body parts
Jehovah's Witnesses take to the streets as busy heathens are rarely home
Naked Man sitting on his car causes 1 hour traffic delay
OKC food stamps makes comment about not feeding animals they'll become dependent.
Teens Post Doughnut-Licking Selfies in Solidarity With Ariana Grande
Oklahoma Republicians subtlety warns foodstamps about not feeding animals they'll become dependent to handouts.
You can now purchase a Donald Trump-shaped butt plug
A Tennessee woman told police she was counterfeiting money because she read online that President Barack Obama made a new law allowing her to print her own money
Alexis Frulling, the girl who had public sex at the Calgary Stampede with 2 men, whose video went viral, is making a public appearance at a strip club
Airway Heights mayor: "I didn't realize that comparing Obamas to monkeys was racist."
Website Warns That Blacks May Have To Leave US When Obama's Term Is Up
Woman tells police 'Jesus' would pick up seafood buffet tab
Filmmaker Joe Gibbons Gets a Year in Prison for a Robbery He Called Performance Art
Man steals operating table from hospital
Cat running for president
Man sells car after unsuccessful search for snake in vehicle
Teens threw bottles, coins at Jewish campers in Highland, police say
Mum REFUSES To Break Into Expensive BMW To Save Toddler Son From Heat
Male Independent Wrestler talks about competing in fixed Women's MMA fight.
McDonalds Announces It's Answer to $15 Minimum Wage - Touch Screen Cashiers
Polycrystalline Solar Panels - ReneSola - Green Energy Products
Redheaded Teen Deemed Too Pale To Board Plane
Key and Peele will sing at your wedding with a little help from 2 Chainz
Nazis make surprise appearance in Donald Trump's campaign ad
Conservative MP says Bill C-51 reflects the teachings of Jesus
Obama Squandering America's Precious Supply of Enemies
GOP Congressman Thinks Donald Trump May Have Been Planted By The Democrats
Clinton to Donor: In Next War, I Will Let Israel Kill 200,000, Not Just 2,000, Gazans
Canadian Family Upset At Whoever Keeps Shaving Their Cat
B.C. family upset after cat repeatedly found shaved
Man Takes Epic Engagement Photos ... with a Burrito
Woman died after 'perverted shampoo bottle sex assault'
Trump says he'll kick El Chapo's a--, calls FBI after threat
San Francisco officials brush off Fox: 'You're not a reporter. Fox News is not real news.'
Russia Tries to Build a Terminator
Trump Calls FBI After Getting Profanity-Laden Threat From Mexican Drug Cartel (TWEETS)
'Fox News Is Not Real News': San Fran Officials Get Confronted by Fox Reporters
Planned Parenthood Caught Selling Body Parts from Aborted Babies
Naked Man Snarls Traffic on I-95
Tennessee woman arrested for printing own money after reading online Obama had made it legal
The Last Boston 'Snow Farm' Finally Melts
Jesse Eisenberg Says Comic-Con Was Like 'Some Kind of Genocide'
Rajasthan just opened a cow-urine refinery
Statue paying homage to Satan to be unveiled in Detroit
Satan statue unveiling forced to secret Detroit venue
Beggar with half a million KD arrested - Kuwait Times
Canadian Family Pretty Darn Upset At Whoever Keeps Shaving Their Cat
Oklahoma GOP post compared food-stamp recipients to animals
UP govt bans movie scenes that shows breaking of traffic rules
Two more men have been arrested at Shoalwater Bay for trespassing during Army training exercises. The duo allegedly challenged soldiers to a game of hide and seek, dressed as The Cat in the Hat.
Disney's dog Pluto spotted on dwarf planet
Lawyers 'tried to influence verdicts'
Hài Hoài Linh Chí Tài - Thể Dục Thẩm Mỹ [ Việt Hương, Nguyễn Ngọc Ngạn, ...
METAL FAN CHARGED FOR WEARING FAKE BULLET BELT
Workers in China wear masks to hide facial expressions
A Mexican Immigrant Artist Is Selling Donald Trump Butt Plugs
Woman in China refuses to rescue trapped son - because it would damage her BMW
This accessory turns your cat's butt into a beautiful jewel
Revenge Is Sweet-Mexican Immigrant Designs Donald Trump Sex Toy
Artist arrested on suspicion of 'abstracting electricity' to charge iPhone on London Overground train
Former Auschwitz guard, 94, convicted as accessory to murder
Trump on El Chapo: I 'would kick his ass!'
Artist 3D prints Donald Trump butt plug in protest at immigration rhetoric
Judge Orders Anti-Obama Filmmaker D'Souza Receive Psychological Counseling
Nazis make surprise appearance in Donald Trump campaign ad
Fredericton road signs seem lost in translation
America's most famous Mexican-American entertainer, George Lopez, to replace Donald Trump on 'The Apprentice'
This accent turns your cat's butt into a wonderful jewel
Woman Taken to Jail After Saying Jesus Would Pay Her Restaurant Bill
Former Reddit CEO: You're All Screwed (more Reddit drama)
Operation Jade Helm: why conspiracy theorists fear the US is invading Texas
Girl is banned from flight 'because she's too ginger' Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2015/07/11/girl-is-banned-from-flight-because-shes-too-ginger-5290869/#ixzz3fxqqQgu6
Florida man arrested for stealing over $2 million worth of Legos
'Accountant of Auschwitz' sentenced to four years in prison for 300,000 deaths
Trump campaign to reveal wealth details: 'I'm really rich'
German police put aggressive squirrel behind bars
Donald Trump Is Tied With Jeb Bush for Lead in National Poll
Hundreds held in France over failed 'coup d'état'
Driver reportedly using vibrator when Mini rear-ends van
'Banter' got out of hand, Paignton manslaughter trial jury hears
Airline Wouldnt Let a Girl Board cause She Looks Sick Turns Out Shes Just a Ginger
Actress Susan Sarandon Wants To Smoke Weed With Action Bronson and A$AP Rocky
TSA's response to criticism: Longer airport lines
Father finds a Star Wars action figure inappropriate for his daughters.
Love? Man takes engagement photos with burrito
Walker wants Boy Scouts 'protected' from gay people
Trump Swears He's Not Running For President As A Democratic Plant (VIDEO)
Homeless jazz singer and parrot develop unbreakable bond
Cat owners brush cats, place hair on cats head to look like Donald Trump in #trumpyourcat trend
If you were to go on a Killing Spree, what song(s) would you being listening to??
IBM to offer BREAST MILK delivery-as-a-service for staff
Comcast and EA partner for Xfinity Games, casual gaming beta launches today
Mouse Causes Panic, Leaves 81 Injured at Casablanca Hassan II Mosque
Police: Guns, Drugs Seized At Anti-Violence Program's Office (Baltimore)
Sexist drunk-driving campaign canceled on account of being really, really sexist
Saskatoon garbage truck 'malfunction' destroys trash bin
Man shot for not having the right spanner
At $1K, 55-Gallon Bottle of Lube is Amazon Prime Day's Best Deal
Hundreds gather in West Monroe to show off their pride and heritage
Jewelry Covers Up Your Cat's Asshole
Here's why a giant balloon is dangling ten enormous boobs over Galway
This Woman Blamed Obama When She Was Arrested Trying to Spend Counterfeit Bills
Oldest sperm ever is discovered in Antarctica, by accident
All women in town have fat bottoms, says mayor
Presidential Candidate Bernie Sanders Is Following Lil B On Twitter
Kenyan Anti-Homosexuality Activist Plans Protest Of Obama Visit With 5,000 "Totally Naked" People
Undercover video conversation with Dr. Deborah Nucatola, from Planned Parenthood, about the sale of aborted fetal organs.
A Shanghai company worships Steve Jobs with a golden bust in his image
Woman's in a coma after butt implants explode while doing squats at the gym
Arlington High School names 117 Valedictorians
Confederate Flags Targeted in #NoFlaggingChallenge Trend
Some moms feel scammed waiting for breast milk jewelry
Peace In Our Time - Obama versus Neville Chamberlain Quote for Quote
BKK Police Chief Angered by Breathalyzer Test Requests
Motorcycles Can Now Run Problematic Red Lights In Kentucky
Planned Parenthood doctor appears to discuss organ sales - NY Daily News
Maryland Del. Ariana Kelly charged with indecent exposure, trespassing
Rear-end train collision sends 20,000 gallons of lube oil seeping onto ground
MAN FOUND NAKED, DRINKING BEER WITH PIGS IN PENNSYLVANIA BARN
Don't Look At This Character Or You'll Get Fat, Researchers Claim
Jesse Eisenberg says his comparison of Comic-Con to genocide was 'hyperbole'
Seattle Kids Have Lower Polio Vaccination Rate Than Rwanda
SeaWorld employee went undercover as phony animal rights activist to spy on PETA, group says
Netroots Organization asking group members "not to rape people"
Welsh government responds in Klingon to UFO questions
SeaWorld employee posed undercover as animal activist for years, PETA says
SeaWorld accused of infiltrating PETA's California chapter
Lazy lifestyle key to pandas' bamboo-only diet
Florida Congressman Claims Donald Trump's Candidacy Was Orchestrated By Democratic Party
Florida Man Arrested for Having Sex with an Alligator
State Trooper Kills Aggressive Pig in South Jersey
Shoshana Roberts is back to do an Ellen Pao!
Lawsuit over Purina Beggin' dog treats asks: Where's the bacon?
KKK, New Black Panther Party plan simultaneous SC rallies
Vancouver Conservative MP compares government to Jesus in comments on anti-terrorism bill
Kenya: Nude Protest Against Homosexuality Awaits Barack Obama Next Week
Boston's winter 'nightmare' over as snow heap finally melts
Excrement in the News
Young Thug arrested on suspicion of making terroristic threats
Young Thug Arrested for Threatening to 'Shoot Victim In the Face' Outside Georgia Mall
Akron store manager recognizes shoplifter; robber pulls knife flees with sanitary napkins
Renzo Piano: how to build the perfect sandcastle
I just like pigs cops say nude.......
Only on Amazon Prime Day: Half off on 55 gallons of 'Passion Lubes'
Gearbox CEO Randy Pitchford on gamer criticism: 'some people are sadists'
Australian firefighting reinforcements head to Canada to help battle 400 bushfires
Scott Walker clarifies that when he said that Boy Scouts should ban gay leaders, he meant it should be done so that kids are "protected from hearing that debate"
Squirrel pursues woman until police are called.
Hundreds of sex toys hang from Portland power lines
Man charged with filming sex with cows wanted again by police
Heartbroken moms fear fate of breast milk sent to RI jeweler
Sexist drunken driving campaign canceled on account of being really, really sexist
Air Force Struggles to Recruit Pilots for Job of Killing Strangers With Computer
Barack Obama welcomed to Oklahoma town with trucks bearing confederate flags.
Sex Toy Scandal: Hundreds of Dildos Dangle from Portland Powerlines
Google Is Hiring An SEO Manager To Improve Its Rankings In Google
Woman tells police Jesus would pay Myrtle Beach seafood buffet bill
'I just like pigs': Cops say nude man found drinking in barn
Hot air balloon interrupts morning commute in Colorado Springs
A call for Outkast to join the Confederate faces on Stone Mountain
Public Urination in New York Becomes Test Case for Policing
Victim tells police that attackers might have thought he was a Russian spy
Camper removed from WT, cited for hugging incident
Pan Am Games: 4 members of Cuban rowing team defect to U.S., coach says
Florida Man Arrest for Kidnapping, blindfolding and sexually assaulting an Alligator. Witness heard the man say to the alligator as he was having sex with it "Next time you try to kill a man, you best get the job done. Now you're my bitch forever"
Taking Short-cuts to having a nice ass is stupid, as you can see here.
This Woman Is Making Ethical Fur Fashion From Roadkill
Canadian family: Stop shaving our cat
Alleged burglar falls through two Eugene business ceilings, leaves name and phone number in case his backpack is found
Pot breathalyzer being developed by Vancouver company
Boltman (The San Diego Chargers Mascot) Testifies at City Council Meeting on San Diego Chargers' Future
'Twinkle Tush' Adds Bling to Your Cat's Butt
Patriotic Florida Man Gets Arrested For Rocking The National Anthem Too Hard
Gorilla sticks up middle finger at photographer trying to take his picture at Bristol Zoo
Donald Trump piñatas a hot seller.
These Are The Times We Live In: Parents Furious Over Slave Leia Action Figure
Suspect Accused of Stealing More Than 100 Cases of Energy Drink
Canada Ranked as Most Admired County in the World
Police: Nude man found drinking Hamm's beer in barn full of pigs
Promoter of £21m pyramid scam ordered to pay back £1
Chief Wana Dubie plans to smoke Blunt during Senate campaign
NC Residents Can Now Play Lottery at the Pump
Professor Plagiarizes Wikipedia To Write Textbook
Man Found Naked In Hog Barn Tells Police, 'I Just Like Pigs'
Spanish town to put its rising pigeon population on the pill. Will Pune follow suit?
Same-Sex Couples Required To Sign Acknowledgement Of Disapproval Before Judge Will Marry Them
Grand jury indicts Florida man for murder in dog-poop shooting
The Most Deranged Bits From The Kirk Cameron Gay Erotic Novella
Sociology Researcher Says We Must Accept Those Who Identify As "Real Vampire"
"Dating a black man is a sin": Stalker terrorising multi-racial couples across Nebraska
Knife-wielding intruder: 'You're going to smoke some weed with me'
Jaws drop as beachgoers rescue stranded great white shark
Burglar falls through two business ceilings, leaves name and phone number in case his backpack is found
Moms fear fate of breast milk sent to RI jeweler (x-post from r/rhodeisland)
Mom refuses to break into BMW to save son from the heat.
Donald Trump: I have secret 'sources' that told me about Mexico's plot to send criminals to the US Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-mexico-sources-immigrants#ixzz3g0HGEPNA
Donald Trump: I have secret 'sources' that told me about Mexico's plot to send criminals to the US
Images reveal ice mountains on Pluto
Houston GOP activist Steven Hotze: 'Kids will be encouraged to practice sodomy in kindergarten'
Yik Yak lets you post photos, but won't allow faces
Donald Trump leads GOP field in latest poll
Police find drunken, nude man in barn having beer among pigs.
Bill Murray Accidentally Stops Robbery In Phoenix, Arizona
'All these other b*****s print money': Woman says Obama let her print money at home
Scientists in Oregon discover bacon-flavored seaweed
Maine Governor Apologizes for Telling Student He'd Like to Shoot His Dad
Woman in Coma After Her Butt Implants Explode During Squat Routine
Chief Wana Dubie starting his Senate campaign
Hearse Stolen Outside Church During Funeral
A GMO Advocate Claim a Weed Killer Is Safe to Drink but Then Refuse to Drink It
US says it is ready to engage North Korea in 'authentic, credible' negotiations after Iran Nuclear Deal
Planned Parenthood Partner Offered Bulk Discounts On Aborted Baby Parts
Evil politicians try to stop monkeys racing dogs!!!
East Baltimore anti-violence group work suspended after guns, drugs found in raid
Canadian Man Faces 6 Months in Jail For Disagreeing With Feminists on Twitter
Scientists in Oregon develop bacon-flavored seaweed
Dildo epidemic hits Portland power lines
As Military Exercise Begins, Texans Keep Watch 'Just in Case'
Boy, 3, died after he was pushed on swing for 2 days
Man Faces 6 Months in Jail For Disagreeing With Feminists on Twitter
Naked man drinking Hamm beer with pigs.
According to Texans on the ground, Obama currently invading Texas and "instituting total population control"
Naked man drinking Hamm's beer among pigs, police say
Kenya gears for mass nude protest against Obama's "aggressive" gay stance
Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt Eat Fresh at Subway
Louis Tomlinson to be a dad: Fans joke 'Harry Styles is the mum' in hilarious memes
Donald Trump: I'm worth more than $10 Billion
Man dumps up to 11,700 cans in street
Man has sex with alligator as revenge for trying to eat him.
Police nab man for dumping plastic bags full of beer cans on a quiet Mulgrave St each day for 18 months
Donald Trump campaign ad appears to show NAZI SOLDIERS marching beneath the White House
NFL running back Marshawn Lynch kept chicken wings in his socks while coaching football
Ellen Pao was nasty subreddits' last defender, insider claims
Hundreds Of Sex Toys Dangling From Portland, Oregon Power Lines
Polish cow on the run for 2 years is finally caught
Australian woman Jodi Magi jailed in Abu Dhabi over Facebook post
Scientist Explains: What Would Really Happen if The Moon Crashed Into Earth:
Man Faces 6 Months in Jail For Disagreeing With Feminists on Twitter (x-post from /r/videos)
"We don't believe it's a symbol of racism," Confederate flags fly downtown as President drives in
Dog 'killed by seagulls' in Newquay
Man's horse sex play plan exposed by undercover deputies: police
CELL PHONE VIDEO: Chandler officer 'illegally' enters woman's home, arrests her while she is naked
New Indictment Alleges Birdman and Young Thug Conspired to Kill Lil Wayne
Turnpike, Sawgrass to have tolls on top of regular tolls
Netanyahu threatens to 'kill himself' in order to stop Iran deal
Star of Viral Catcalling Video Sues Its Creators for $500K
USA beats France 82-0 at American Football world championships
Reality check: Trip to Pluto cost less than Vikings Stadium
Mother refuses to break her BMW's window to rescue her child
Man could face 6 months in prison for disagreeing with Feminists on Twitter
Gucci Mane Escapes From Prison With Help From El Chapo
'Drunk' squirrel causes hundreds of pounds of damage
German muscle threatens European solidarity
Video: CCTV: Man dressed as a mouse robs shop
Polish cow Matylda captured after two years on the run
Binay promises false teeth, diapers, Viagra to Bacolod voters
Man wakes up every day thinking it's March 14 2005 and he has to go to a dental appointment
Twitter war pits The Donald against El Chapo
Family upset that someone keeps shaving a "perfect square" patch in their pet cat's fur
Shoppers flood back to town centre after vandals smash up pay and display machines
'I just like pigs': Police say drunk, naked man downed six-pack in neighbour's hog barn
Brandy sings on NYC subway, no one notices
Mayor John Tory calls Kanye West a 'proud product' of Toronto's music industry
Japan: Elderly overtake teenagers in crime figures
Wanted: Do You Recognise This Rodent Robber?
Jennifer Lawrence's collection of butt plug sex toys were found by a hotel maid
STUDY: Craigslist presence linked to high HIV rates in areas new to the site
Amazon: 'Prime Day' beats Black Friday
Abortion Extortion: Jersey City Woman Made Over $12,000 A Month Asking Men for Abortion Money
Little Canada man assaults stranger next to sleeping husband
Trump Files FEC Report, Says He's Too Rich for This Sh*t
North Korea Has Invited Every Member of Congress to Tour Its Alleged Anthrax Facility
Man arrested for giving £1 to homeless man wins £5k payout
Norway artist's naked tree stunt goes awry
Medical Students Cut A Baby's Penis Instead Of Umbilical Cord
Burnt to a crisp: school bans spicy Doritos after they cause boy to stop breathing
School bans Doritos Roulette crisps after one pupil was left struggling to breathe
Asparagus growers confused for armed street gang.
Mom REFUSES To Break Into Expensive BMW To Save Toddler Son From Heat
Man Drugs Girlfriend so he can play video games with Friend
Guy buys puppies and raises them for 2 years, finds out they're actually bears
Google Hires SEO Expert To Boost Google Links
Nebraska company plans to use fracking technology to clean up groundwater pollution.
'I just like pigs,' says beer-drinking, naked man on farm: Police
Poll finds Hispanic disapproval of Trump rhetoric on illegal immigrants
Man Who Filmed Car Crash Victims Charged
Beach Sand Is Covered In Fecal Mater.
Police catch suspects in 500,000$ robbery by following a trail of spilled cash.
The House That Saved Their Marriage - a loft divided into two separate living areas, each with its own bedroom, kitchen, dining nook and work space
Florida Man Arrested for Riding Sea Turtle, Spearing Shark
Drunk squirrel causes £300 worth of damage at Evesham private members club
Pet owner hires out entire 5-star hotel as birthday treat for his pampered sea lion
Florida church sends $1,000 collection notice to single mother because she didn't tithe
Chinese workers go 'faceless' for a day to avoid stress of faking facial expressions
Thief Distracts Pregnant Shopkeeper By Asking Due Date, Then Steals Wallet
Church members complain about collection notices
This Dictionary Will Get You Ready For "Talk Like Silicon Valley" Day
Chicken Owners Brood Over CDC Advice Not To Kiss, Cuddle Birds
Jennifer Lawrence's Fucked Up Hand Tattoo Would Make a Chem Teacher Cry
Mississippi man charged with having sex with horse
Babu Owino: We want Obama to come to UoN or students will pee on his tree
Illinois fair: Dog-riding monkey races will go on despite protests
Stop Everything: There's a New Seaweed That Tastes Like Bacon and Is Better for You Than Kale
When You Give a Tree an Email Address
Man who ripped another man's heart out and ate it to "prove he's not gay" admits he went too far
Drunk squirrel causes £300 of damage
Stoop shrimp gross out Dyker residents
This Guy's Eaten Chipotle for 101 Days and Isn't Stopping
EBay bans sale of spells and hexes
El Chapo offering 10 million to US citizens for a place to stay.
American Psychological Association To Classify Belief in God As a Mental Illness
It's all thanks to selling out.
USA beats France 82-0 in American Football world championships.
The CDC Tells Hipsters to Stop Making Out With Their Chickens
Hip-hop fans have started a petition to change the face of Stone Mountain by adding Outkast to the memorial, with Big Boi and Andre 3000 - riding in a Cadillac - added to the three Confederate leaders on horseback
Artist defends art installation depicting Michael Brown's death
Drug kingpin 'El Chapo' Guzman offers $5 million in cocaine to anyone who can find and capture him. Lindsey Lohan hires private military contractor to locate and capture Guzman.
Casablanca mosque stampede blamed on mouse
ISS astronauts dodge flying Russian space debris
Why Big Macs Are Cheap In Argentina
Donald Trump may have overstated his appeal among Hispanic voters, poll finds
Police: Man shot off his scooter in the U-District
Tiger-trade crackdown boosts lion-bone sales
Why are scientists so excited about fossilized worm sperm?
Pluto Truthers Insist NASA Images Are Fake
Steel is now cheaper than cabbages in China.
Formosa Fun Coast inferno death toll rises
Justice for Pluto NOW!
German squirrel arrested after woman complained it was stalking her
Defense Attorney Says Client Who Stole More than $400,000 Was a "Shopaholic"
A Miami police officer is the subject of an internal investigation that includes allegations that she performed in pornographic movies while serving as a cop
The last of Boston's snow finally melts
University of Kansas student expelled after calling ex-girlfriend a 'psycho b***h' on Twitter
Instagram Is Down, People Forced To Look At Own Lunches
Bear breaks into Colorado bakery and eats 24 pies - but leaves one behind
Don't eat that frog: Wacky laws pose challenge for states cleaning up the books
Married Couple Dating Again in Their Double Loft
Deathly allergic woman bites into veggie burrito with bacon in it, sues for $49,999
Woman Tells Police Jesus Will Pick Up Her Buffet Tab
Marshawn Lynch Coaches Youth Football Camp with Chicken Wings Stored in Socks
Fox Pastor - "Jesus Wants Churches to Turn Over Undocumented Immigrants, Not Feed or Shelter Them"
Florida Courthouse Mural Depicting Heroic Ku Klux Klan Members Draws Controversy
Former Reddit CEO Ellen Pao: The trolls are winning the battle for the Internet
A robotic butt exists, and his name is Patrick
German police puts aggressive squirrel 'behind bars'
Video: Tax-Payer Funded Vikings Stadium Cost More Than NASA's Trip To Pluto
Is bacon-flavored seaweed the new superfood?
Michael Bolton is trying to save Detroit. Yes, that Michael Bolton.
Delhi Woman Arrested For Forcing An Auto Driver To Have Sex With Her
OSU researchers discover the unicorn - seaweed that tastes like bacon!
A man filmed a fatal crash instead of helping. Then, police arrested him.
Police bust a Taco Bell prostitution ring after a suspicious review was left on their Yelp page
Scientists have discovered a seaweed that tastes like bacon.
This mayor has 499 problems, and literally every one of them is a criminal charge
Pro-Foreskin Activists to Stage Rally at Vancouver One Direction Concert
Scientists discover seaweed that tastes just like fried bacon
Ford has prepared a unique Mustang Apollo Edition, for the 2015 EAA AirVenture event
De Blasio's NYPD Refuses To Crack Down On NY Post Reporters
Patrick Rushing, Airway Heights Mayor, Calls President Obama 'Monkey Man' But Says He's Not Racist
Washington mayor refuses to resign over calling Michelle Obama 'gorilla'
David Guetta blasted for wanting to bring a horse into a nightclub
Are Ideals of Canine Beauty Making Our Dogs Fat?
House Republican sees his party as too gay-friendly.
Foreskin Pride rally planned outside One Direction concert in Vancouver
Butt Covers For Your Cat and Dog Can Reduce Pet Homosexuality by 43%
Donald Trump accidentally put a picture of Nazi soldiers in his campaign poster
Government IT official ran law enforcement data systems for years with faked degrees
A new anti-drug campaign has a wild idea to stop kids from drinking and doing drugs
Nuclear Deal Could Mean McDonald's for Iran
Ten-year-old girl gives birth after complaining of stomach ache at school in Brazil
Girl aged just 10 gives birth hours after complaining of stomach ache at school
Canada Reports Suspicious Lack of Apocalypse Ten Years After Marriage Equality
Merkel reduces teenage Palestinian refugee to tears
Police find house with $3.6M worth of pot and 30 dead raccoons in freezer
A man has made the shocking discovery his wife of 8 years has been secretly working as a "high-class" escort, after he inadvertently booked her services through an online agency
Student Expelled for Calling His Ex-Girlfriend 'Psycho' on Twitter
Marshawn Lynch stores his spare chicken wings in his socks
Rapper is forced to apologise to South Korea's gynaecologists after they accused him of 'sexually humiliating women and defaming their health' with lyrics telling girls to spread their legs
AL police chief sold gun, ammo to person living in US illegally
Boy, 5, dressed as Batman rescues toddler trapped inside scorching car
Petition to shut down Florida monkey farm.
Mino Of K-Pop Band 'Winner' Formally Apologizes To Korean Gynecologists Association For Saucy Lyrics
Michael Douglas Credits Big Dick For His Long Career
Spokane City Council wants people to stop saying "Bridge to Hookerville"
B.C. woman jailed for trying to rob store with resume
Police: Sex Toy Left Behind Leads to Burglary Suspect's Arrest
Loch Ness hunter concludes monster is just a large catfish
Mayor Calls Barack Obama 'Monkey Man,' & Michelle Obama 'Gorilla Face,' But Says He's Not Racist
Texas Clerk with Wall of Crosses Says Faith Played No Part in Refusal to Issue Gay Couple Marriage License
Fed government declares war on feral cats
By day, at heart of counter-terror policing. And by night, preacher of extremism
Amazon Is Bragging About How Much Frivolous Shit It Sold On Prime Day
An Angry Birds Sequel Is Officially Happening
Pay To Pray? Tampa Church Sends $1,000 Collection Notice To Single Mother For 'Unpaid' Tithe
In Safety Study, Sheep on Meth Are Shocked With Tasers
Girl, 17, dies moments after completing her bucket list
FBI Claims It Stopped Unspecified Mayhem, Possibly on July 4
Battle of the Butthole Tattoos | VICE | United States
'Consumer Reports' Says Laundry Pods Are Too Risky To Recommend
'When I'm dressed as a horse, I feel free'
Dorito danger: 'I thought I was going to die,' says girl who ate spicy chips
Canadian man refused service at Hospital for speaking English
Giải pháp nhanh diệt mối | Diệt mối bằng tay
Florida Man Indicted in Fatal Dog Poop Fight
Riverside Man Arrested for Allegedly Robbing Two 13-Year-Old Girls Operating Lemonade Stand
Park Ridge police: Teens found with marijuana on Mary Jane Lane
Mystery of Kazakh 'Sleepy Hollow' is SOLVED
Research says your bad boss may be making you sad, lazy and fat
A man was stabbed in the back and then accidentally hit by a minivan Thursday afternoon on Allen Street in Allentown, according to witnesses and police.
Europe Has No Reason to Fear a Powerful Germany
Angela Merkel makes girl who might get deported cry on live TV
Angela Merkel makes a 14-year old Palestinian girl cry by telling her she is not welcome in Germany
A Redditor used an Ian McKellen AMA to burn Floyd Mayweather.
A Hong Kong Woman Just Got Convicted of Assaulting a Police Officer With Her Breast
Russia withdraws walk team to avoid doping disgrace
Spanish mayor institutes daily nap time for entire city
An Adelaide bookshop owner has been "gently raided" by police for selling copies of the cult novel, American Psycho that were not plastic-wrapped.
Trump Campaign Tweets Image With Nazi Uniforms
Brummie accents 'worse than staying silent', study shows
ISIL Deploys in Ukraine to Open Front against Russia
Fake opinion poll from the Guardian newspaper fools its own journalists
How a fake Guardian graphic went from one tweet to fooling the paper's own writers
R. Kelly Opens All Girls School in Brazil
Lena Dunham on Cosby: 'When are we going to let it go with defending rapists?'
3 Farmers Arrested in Wales for Running "Sheep Brothel"
British girl feared for her life after eating 'melt your face' hot Doritos
Australia actually declares 'war' on cats, plans to kill 2 million by 2020 (X-post /r/worldnews)
Woman smashes car into back of fish van while using sex toy.
Amount of semen in water treatment plants rising with the price of Bitcoin
Doctors seek helium balloon ban
Loch Ness Monster 'Most Likely Large Catfish'
Online Fury in China After Mother Balks at Smashing BMW Window to Save Child
Bangkok Traffic Cops Told to Respect Bosses Privilege
Johnny Depp's wife facing prison over dog smuggling charges
War Has Been Declared on Australia's Feral Cats
Estonia 100 square kilometers larger than thought
Fayetteville nonprofit wants to build shelter, but church has concerns
German police 'arrest' stalker squirrel, feed it from a bottle
Police raid Australian book store for selling un-sealed copies of American Psycho
Women in Rhode Island claim 'breast milk jewelry' business is a scam
91-year-old confesses to the murder of Soho sex worker - in 1946
Romania: 'Pay with blood' at Transylvania music festival
USA defeats France 82-0 in football World Cup
'Tipsy Girl' Bar to Promote Romance with All-Day Happy Hour
"Nintendo president assassinated by Freemasons" conspiracy theory floats around social networks
Squirrel 'Detained' by German Police for Stalking Woman
Squirrel arrested after German woman complains
Actual CDC Warning to Farmers: "Don't Kiss Chickens"
Obese people less likely to return to normal weight, study says
North Koreans are about to go to the polls in local elections - but they can only vote "Yes"
Somebody shows Jeb Bush the Internet; he announces he is for it, Dems against it
Florida man high on flakka has sex with tree, proclaims himself god, rips out barbs after being tasered and tries to stab officer with his own badge
College conservatives' 'murder-free zone' a no-go on Oregon campus
Top 'Counter-Strike' player admits eSports has a doping problem
Officials Say School Will Keep 'Midget' Name, Mascot
Southern Illinois high school will keep the mascot, 'Midgets'
Cityboys drive Porsche from London to Mongolia via a few 18 holes of golf - for charity
50 Cent fans create site to help his finances
Man Robbed Two Girls' Lemonade Stand Of $30, Police Say
Oklahoma man sentenced to 30 years in 'atomic wedgie' case
Man jailed for stepdad's 'Atomic Wedgie' death
Would-Be Thief Too Tall to Steal Car
Police: If you took spilled cash from armored truck, you have 2 days to return it
Australia actually declares 'war' on cats, plans to kill 2 million by 2020
Stalking Squirrel Arrested By German Police
A Note About Our Coverage Of Donald Trump's 'Campaign'
'What did you expect?' Women in tech reflect on Ellen Pao's exit from Reddit
Pregnant Woman Posts Hilarious Sketch on Craigslist To Find Unborn Baby's Father
Pret A Manger's arrival in Brick Lane sparks angry chain reaction from Shoreditch hipsters
Mum Sophie Grantham gets surprise addition of a used vibrator in children's shoe box from Amazon
Brazilian drug dealer dies upon insisting on testing bulletproof vest [Google translate link]
Public university to spend $33,000 to ensure U.S. flag does not fly above state flag
Thieves use JCB to steal Co-op cash machine
Add carvings of Outkast to giant Confederate monument, says petition
Inside the Mind of a Trump Donor: 'I Was Probably Drunk'
3 farmers in Wales arrested for running 'sheep brothel'
Dinosaur Cake Pulled From Costco Because Someone Said It Was Offensive
Firefighter indecently abused with frozen sausage by colleagues, court told
Still no lawyer for man charged in Winnipeg law office bombing
Senate Passes Every Child Achieves Act, with Music and Arts as Core Subjects, Intact
Governor of Sicily suspended over quip about 'doing away with' colleague
Bear downs 36 beers, passes out at campground
Anders Breivik accepted at Norway's University of Oslo
A marriage cut short by a long member
Facebook bragging about robbery with sword leads to Thief River falls man's arrest
Russian mosquito festival seeks 'most delicious girl'
Colorado police chiefs ask for more money for marijuana enforcement
Mouse bandit wanted: Police search for robbery suspect disguised as rodent
Numbskull thief takes identifying selfie while robbing an iPhone
San Francisco techies are hiring this Wiccan witch to protect their computers from viruses and offices from evil spirits
Bill Cosby's Wife: Women Consented to Drugs and Sex
Russell Simmons: NYC's horse carriages like Holocaust
Man Keeps Driving With Cyclist Lodged in Windshield
Russell Simmons compares NYC's horse carriages to slavery, the Holocaust
UK woman crashes Mini into van while using vibrator
Huffington Post covers Trump as Entertainment
22-year-old college student blows her $90,000 college fund andll blames her parents.
You're too GINGER to fly: Teenage Scot has dream holiday ruined as check-in staff refuse to let her board flight
22-year-old college student blows her $90,000 college fund and blames her parents
MMA quick quote: Asian countries want loudmouth, arrogant Americans to get beat up
Hong Kong Protestor Convicted Of Assaulting Police Officer With Her Breast
Huffington Post: Trump coverage moving to entertainment section
The Fake Story About A Florida Man Arrested for Having Sex with an Alligator Used the Mugsot of a Man Aressted for Having Sex With A Peacock.
Did You Scoop Up Money in the B'more Harbor Tunnel? Give It Back!
Hot Woman Organizes Gangbang At Holiday Inn Express, No One Gets Paid And Cops Raid It
Huffington Post to cover Trump as an entertainer, not a politician
Girl Is Being Stalked By A Wolf Spider
30 year old Rhode Island man arrested for 41st time
US airline has rewarded two hackers who spotted security holes in its website with a million free flight miles each
Oncoming locomotive encourages slow-moving gentleman to pick up the pace
Mystery of Kazakhstan sleeping sickness solved, says government
Psychic Capital: Tech and Silicon Valley Turn to Mystics for Advice
Loch Ness monster most likely large catfish, longtime watcher claims
Teens Live-Stream Ice Cream Truck Theft
Nabisco runs out of Oreo flavor ideas, introduces Oreo-flavored Oreos
Hulu Explores Adding Ad-Free Option to Its Service
Man Allegedly Filmed, Mocked Victims Of Deadly Car Crash
Man Sentenced to 30 Years for Lethal Atomic Wedgie
Knife-wielding Michigan man wakes homeowner with odd demand: 'Smoke some weed with me right now'
Minion may have 'saved' Colorado Springs girl's life
Seattle mayor offers plan to help followers of Sharia law buy houses
Coyotes Fan Tasers Glendale Mayor for Charity
Knife-Wielding Intruder Allegedly Tells Victim: 'You're Going To Smoke Some Weed With Me Right Now!'
Huckabee: U.S. Military Should Be Able To Defeat ISIS, Iran, Al-Qaeda, Boko Haram, Hamas, Hezbollah In 10 Days
Cannabis found to help healing process of bone fractures
3 farmers found guilty of running a sheep brothel in Wales.
Boehner Blames California Drought On Obama
Death business expands into hosting weddings, other events
Aggressive Female Customers in Scottish Pub Force Male Staff to Give Up Kilts
Ending President Obama's Man-Made Water Shortage in California
CDC Issues Warning to Avoid Kissing Chickens
A large penis is the best defense
Mother encourages 8-year-old daughter to beat up 5-year-old
Oklahoma man gets 30 years in prison for fatal 'atomic wedgie'
Mayor says children must be kept inside between 2pm and 5pm and tells town to be quiet as it becomes the first in Spain to have an official afternoon nap time
Stop Picking On No Child Left Behind (Says One Of Its Parents)
New Melbourne skyscraper inspired by Beyoncé's bootylicious body
Former LSU Tiger Tyrann Mathieu endures sweaty hell to show dangers of leaving a pet in a hot car
Man who killed stepdad with 'atomic wedgie' gets 30 years
Man robs 2 sisters at lemonade stand after they gave him free drink
The war on feral cats begins
The Australian government has declared war on cats
Report finds American Psychological Association changed ethical guidelines to support "Enhanced Interrogation Techniques"
Man arrested for robbing a 13 year old girls' lemonade stand.
Black Man in Oklahoma Waving a Confederate Flag at Obama Says Flag is NOT Racist
Not happy to see officer: Ashtabula man tries to hide meth lab in pants
New NFL Stadiums Are Costing a Trip to Pluto and Then Some
El Chapo sends death threats to Donald Trump, calling him a 'Whitey Milksh*tter'
Meet the Mother of "El Chapo": "Even as a Little Child, He Had Ambitions"
Rapist hopes to outlive sentence
Teenagers who ran away to marry ISIS fighters are now pregnant and want to come home
That's A LOT Of Peanut Butter
Man arrested for robbing 13-year-old girls' lemonade stand
Peanut butter landfill time: A million jars to be dumped
Panic on the bus when man boards with what look like dozens of bullets strapped to his waist
Glendale mayor gets tased for good cause
Bill That Lets Bosses Fire Single Women For Getting Pregnant Gains Steam
President Obama to be confronted by 5,000 naked male and female prostitutes in Kenya during anti-gay protest in a bid to 'show him the difference between men and women'
Man who killed stepdad with "atomic wedgie" gets 30 years in prison
Pitbull Tells Donald Trump to Watch Out For El Chapo
Staring at Boobs Extends Male Life by 5 Years
Pitbull to Donald Trump: Watch out for 'El Chapo!'
Study: Velociraptor Was a 'Fluffy, Feathered Poodle From Hell'
Some companies in China let their employees wear these bizarre masks to hide their facial expressions
Band Dale Earnhardt Jr. Jr. changing name, real Jr. is bummed
Secret archive film shows the Queen "jokingly" give a Nazi salute
A handful of service companies in Handan encouraged workers to wear masks to work so that they could relax their faces instead of smiling all day.
Yishan Wong, Ex-Reddit CEO, Says Ellen Pao Was Only Exec 'Who Tried Stopping The Changes'
The residents forced to pay £14,000 before their homes are torn down
5 Ways White Transgender People Have Privilege Over Transgender People of Color
Ellen Pao is called a victim and living proof of how to fight back against sexist and racist discrimination at work places
Man accused of toppling girls' lemonade stand and fleeing with $30
Donald Trump Thinks Rick Perry Should Take 'IQ Test' Before Presidential Debate
Purported Portland Dildo Tosser: "We're nowhere near done."
Rapist, 44, hopes to outlive sentence of 135 years.
Could an inversion trap enough pot smoke to get all of Anchorage high?
Researchers discover seaweed that tastes like bacon and is twice as healthy as kale
New craze in Japan sees couples hiring alpacas for their wedding
Majority Of White People Say There's Racism Everywhere, But Not Around Them
Man Charged in Atomic Wedgie Death Sentenced to 30 Years
An Australian being deported from UAE for writing bad about a person who had parked his car in front of the disabled parking
Robots do check-in and check-out at cost-cutting hotel
Happy World Emoji Day
Darth Vader Marches in on Funeral for Woman Who Loved Halloween
Emmanuel Frimpong sent off in Russian League match after being racially abused
Woman gives birth in a moving car while on the way to the hospital!!!
North Korea: Slovenian rock group Laibach set to become first foreign band allowed to tour communist country
Was disgraced sheriff Joey Kyle preparing for Armageddon?
Man gets 30 years for "atomic wedgie" murder
Budding marijuana plants found in Swift Current planters - Plants have been thrown out by RCMP
Women who dye their armpit hair
Budding marijuana plants found in Swift Current planters
Calvin Klein or Heath Ledger? John Doe won't give real name to police.
Man who murdered wife after Facebook search for replacement is jailed for life
Bear breaks into bakery, eats all the pies that aren't rhubarb
Police bust 27 people for hotel sex party
Pro-foreskin activists will demonstrate at One Direction's Vancouver show
Man stripped and covered his body in butter to evade gardaí
Conservative MP's take on wage-gap? Choose better-paying jobs
Australian PM Bans Solar And Wind Power Investment (cross posted to r/everythingscience)
Man stripped and covered his body in butter to evade gardai
J.K. Rowling Confirms Hogwarts Has Free Tuition
Man accused of "Digitally Kidnapping" 4-Year-Old on Facebook
Nude man found drinking Hamm's beer in barn full of pigs
Peppa Pig condemned to life of heteronormativity as Norman Lamb loses leadership election
Snake can eat Apple ??
The Injuries That Are Ending eSports Careers
Dinosaur to greet guests at robot hotel
Queen Nazi salute video: Buckingham Palace hits out over publication of footage
Tesla's New 'Ludicrous Mode' Makes the Model S a Supercar
JJ Watt warns high school athletes on dangers of social media
L.A. burglar accidentally videos self with victim's iPhone
Greek F-16 pilot allegedly landed jet in Turkey to withdraw money
Minion Saves Girl's Life In Three-Storey Fall
Seagull attacks: David Cameron calls for 'big conversation' about issue
Indian Released by China After 'Genghis Khan Video'
Police escort Brazilian cycling team off Don Valley Parkway
Palace defends the Queen over Nazi salute
Man accidentally shoots self at military recruiting office
Moms Waiting For Breast Milk Jewelry Feel Scammed
By 2020, India will be a Hindu nation, world by 2030
Drunk Squirrel Caused Hundreds of Dollars Worth of Damage to a Bar
Spain's Ciudad Real airport sold at auction for €10,000
Peru Haunted by 7% Guano Bonds Predating Machu Picchu Discovery
Portland State University Will Shut Down Political Activity If It's 'Triggering' College is an asylum for the insane
Over 600 Aborted Fetuses Found In Storage Freezer Of Alabama McDonald's - Restaurant Closed
Fire breaks out from outdoor pooping.
Obese Woman Arrested For Starving Her 7 Kids: "There Was Only Enough Food For Me"
Police: New Mexico father shoots son over whose Spanish, English is better
Unrealistic Beauty Standards Making Dogs Fat
Irish postman successfully delivers letter addressed to 'that boy with the glasses'
Ryanair to Paint Fliers' Faces on Noses of Planes
North Korean Turtle Farmer Executed
Knife Seized By Car Crash Stabbing Police
Upcoming PhysX update introduces state of the art dick physics (Fauxclusive)
Prince Philip asks women at East London community centre who they 'sponge off'
Prince Philip impatiently swears at photographer: 'Just take the f***ing picture' - video
Turtle lured back home with pornography
Can robots trust humans? A hitchhiking bot will find out.
When selfies make it to FP
Squirrel Is Primary Suspect in Massive Nut Theft
4-year-old cancer patient "marries" favorite nurse in hospital ceremony
Trump slams McCain for being 'captured' in Vietnam
70+ Men Molest Girls Wearing Bikinis at Water Park - Girls Blamed for Not Protecting Themselves
"Ottomans Were The First to Reach The Moon" says Erdogan
'Lube Olympics' Makes Slippery Bid to Rival Tokyo 2020
State repeals almost 6,000 obsolete laws It is now legal to criticise Henry VIII's second marriage and for everyone to eat oatmeal
dog definitely attacked man but almost 2500 still petition to save it
Leader at Tour de France doused in urine by spectator yelling, "Doper!"
Dent County, Missouri Will Lower Flags to Half-Mast to Mourn Gay Marriage "Abomination"
Race leader Chris Froome doused in urine at Tour de France by spectator yelling 'doper'
Trump on McCain: 'I like people who weren't captured'
Hong Kong protester convicted of assaulting police officer with her breast
David Cameron on seagulls: We need to have a 'big conversation' about aggressive birds
Child brings mom's crack pipe to school for show-and-tell
Reverse Groundhog Day: U.K. man wakes up every day thinking it's March 14, 2005 and doctors have no idea why
Groundhog Day: Woman with rare amnesia wakes up thinking every day is October 15, 2014
Detroit mom who killed her kids and stuffed them in a freezer gets life in prison, says she regrets nothing
Confederate Flag Rally Designed To "Unify... Heritage, not hate"
Trump: McCain only war hero because he was caught.
Trump: McCain only war hero because he was captured.
Florida Church Sends Single Mother $1000 Delinquency Notice For Unpaid Tithing
Donald Trump on John McCain: 'I Like People Who Weren't Captured'
ISIS Head Bans Releasing Violent Execution Videos to Spare the Feelings of Fellow Muslims and their Children.
Nearly 40,000 demand South Carolina remove slave memorial because it 'shames' whites
Trump attacks McCain: 'I like people who weren't captured'
Riverside man robs girls' lemonade stand of $30
Trump slams war veteran John McCain: 'I like people who weren't captured'
Texas Man Navigates Traffic While Filming Wife Giving Brith
Texas Man Navigates Traffic While Filming Wife Giving Birth
Jamie Lee Curtis Attended EVO Disguised As Vega From Street Fighter
Lakeville Mom: Baby unfairly disqualified from race
California home burglary suspect accidentally takes selfie
Bear breaks into a pie shop and devours 38 pies; skips rhubarb
ISIS chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi BANS extremist group from releasing any more graphic execution videos to 'spare the feelings of fellow Muslims and their children'
Cops: Man mocked, filmed dying teen instead of helping
David O. Russell Compares New Film 'Joy' To 'Citizen Kane' & 'The Godfather'
Obama collecting personal data for a secret race database
Man gets 30 years for 'atomic wedgie' death
Donald Trump: John McCain Is "Not A War Hero... I Like People That Weren't Captured"
Gnomes concealed lethal arms cache
Man accidentally shoots and kills himself on his 21st birthday.
Dinosaur cake pulled from Costco stores because of "offensive" portrayal
Carson City man in custody after trying to outrun sheriff's deputies on motor scooter
Trump Worth $10 Billion Less Than If He'd Simply Invested in S&P 500
Costco removes dinosaur cakes that have "666" on them from online ordering system
Company buys Palmetto, FL mobile home park and then bans delivery of food donations to hungry residents and threatens eviction if they continue to accept nutritional assistance. (x-post from /r/news)
"I don't like losers [like Senator John McCain]" says Donald Trump, who has gone through corporate bankruptcy four times.
Man grew breasts 'because of hormones in his beloved fried chicken meals'
Trump Says He Heroically Avoided Capture in Vietnam by Staying in U.S.
/r/NotTheOnion Submission Rules (MOBILE USERS, PLEASE READ!)
Mass killer Anders Breivik enrols in political science course at University of Oslo
Bakery Won't Press Charges Against Ariana Grande for Donut Incident
In Berkeley, protesters get naked to try to save trees
Netanyahu 'threatens to kill himself' in attempt to stop Iran deal
Chief Keef Postpones Hologram Concert, Organizer Blames "Meddling" Priest
English woman changes her name in order to log in to Facebook
All for a son: They committed crimes to get into Tihar for childbirth
Man rescued after falling into industrial meat grinder in California
Shirtless man runs onto airport runway
Obama greeted in Oklahoma by pro-Confederate protest led by black man
Naked baristas! Free coffee! Got your attention?
Wedding hall in Japan will provide an alpaca to witness you exchange your vows
I have my doubts Bill Cosby's a rapist
Wellington tunnel pooper explains why he did it
Entrepreneurs don't have a special gene for risk-they come from families with money
Local elections in North Korea unlikely to bring change
O'Malley apologizes for saying 'all lives matter' at liberal conference.
Man in eastern Turkey shoots up relative who beat him up in a dream
Pregnant Woman Lost in Woods Fights Bees, Gives Birth, Starts Wildfire
Uniqlo sex tape is causing rise in selfies outside stores in China
Canadian family: Stop shaving our cat Outdoor / cat shaved for 5th time.
'No hipsters injured' in Shoreditch pop-up restaurant fire
US 94-Year-Old Woman Purchases Five Seconds of Commercial Time to Air Three-Word Message on TV
'No hipsters injured' in shoreditch fire
FIFA ex-vice president pleads not guilty, gets $10 mln bond
America Is Not a Democracy or a Republic - It's An Oligarchy!
New Horizons: ten facts about Nasa's astonishing Pluto mission and beyond
"Can you imagine the Mail on Sunday asking the weight of... George Osborne?" "In 2014 [the same reporter] did raise the subject of weight with the chancellor in another Mail on Sunday interview."
Liz Kendall calls newspaper weight question "unbelievable".
Presidential candidate O'Malley apologizes for saying 'all lives matter'
Satanists grave robbers steal Nosferatu director's skull.
Single mom arrested for 'abandoning' her kids at food court while interviewing for job 30 feet away
Ricky Gervais Defends Queen Elizabeth II Amid Nazi Salute Footage Controversy
Florida Church Threatens to Boot Member for 'Financial Delinquency;' Gives Her 90 Days to Overcome 'Hardship'
Pastor Encourages Christians to Fight Same-Sex Marriage Ruling With Guns
King Lear With Sheep: Shakespeare play performed by sheep in Hoxton
Kolo Toure: I've Had A Dog At Home For Seven Years And I've Never Even Touched It
King Lear Goes on Tour in the UK with Sheep Instead of Human Actors
North Korea holds world's most pointless election
New Study Shows Which Country Has The Biggest Penises In The World
Superheroes a 'cultural catastrophe', says comics guru Alan Moore
"No hipsters injured" in popup restaurant fire
Responsible Texan gun owner shoots self in head during his drunken 21st birthday.
Woman kills a pet falcon with a beaded scarf in order to save a duck.
Bill Cosby 'offered women money' for silence after sex
Jeb Bush Hails Uber In San Francisco, Doesn't Win Driver's Vote
Foreign Tourists Held in China Over Terror Video Say They Watched Genghis Khan Film
Tour de France leader Chris Froome: Fan threw urine at me
LA Burglar Accidentally Takes Selfie With Victim's Phone
'Playgrounds' Designed for Seniors Help Keep Them Active, Sharp
Rev Richard Coles: 'I've spent more on drugs than a vicar should'
Costco drops children's dinosaur birthday cake after Arizona mom complains it promotes Satanism
Mexican kingpin's home town stunned by 'bad ass' escape
Amy Schumer takes a sexy photo shoot with R2-D2 and C-3PO
En Yeni Oyun Fotoğrafları | KanalBilgi - En Gerekli Bilgiler
Indian automaker outsources to Detroit
Oklahoma black man leads presidential protest by waving Confederate Flag
Drunk squirrel wreaks havoc at private club
Intoxicated man run over by freight train escapes without injury
Viral Uniqlo sex video angers China's internet watchdogs
Donald Trump didn't apologize to John McCain. Because, of course not.
Man arrested for killing stepfather with an atomic wedgie
Ku Klux Klan and New Black Panther Party Protest at South Carolina Capitol
Texas Residents Threaten To Dump Pigs Blood On Site Of Proposed Muslim Cemetery
Gun control group counts Boston Marathon bomber Tsarnaev as 'victim'
Texas man accidentally shoots himself to death at his 21st birthday party
Man Found Dead in Demi Moore's Pool
O'Malley apologizes for telling protesters 'all lives matter'
"The Confederate flag does not represent hate," one member of the KKK said.
Elderly man in his 70s loses his assisted-living subsidy after prostitute is found hiding under his bed
Elderly Pa. man with prostitute under bed loses housing subsidy
Manchester police baffled after reports of a dead animal in the canal turns out to be a duvet filled with coconuts.
Hillary Called 'Racist' For Saying 'All Lives Matter'
State cracks down on senior citizen euchre
Hillary blasted by libs for 'despicable' comment: 'ALL lives matter'
A Man found drowned in Demi Moore's swimming pool
64-year-old Detroit man shot, killed while sleeping on couch
Liberals mad at Hillary for saying 'all lives matter'
Super Mario Maker Criticised For Only Displaying A White Woman's Hand On The TV
Parents want books about Middle East removed from school.
Berkeley Protesters Get Naked to Save Eucalyptus Trees
Black officer helps white supremacist suffering from heat at KKK rally
Man charged with robbing money from woman's vagina
Florida man, 72, shot in buttocks by 'crazy' drunken man while protecting sea turtle habitat
'I thought I was going to die,' says girl who ate spicy Doritos.
50 Cent calls AT&T 'racist' in cable talks with Starz
Arizona officer threatens to arrest woman's dog
Man mistakenly detained for child porn wants public apology
Psy Involved in Car Accident in China (Report). Reports indicate that Psy was in a red Rolls Royce that collided with a bus at an intersection.Psy left the scene in a Porsche that had been clearing the way for the Rolls Royce
Abortion Clinic Busted For Selling Fetuses To Chinese Restaurants - (Caution Very Graphic)
Now that's Gangnam Style! Pop star Psy's Rolls Royce crashes into the back of a bus - so he continues his journey in a Porsche
Norwegian Mass Murderer Accepted to Oslo University
How Instagram closed my account and gave it to a football celebrity.
Drinking Poison Control Medicine Is the Newest Bougie Health Fad
Bear Eats Everything in Bakery Except One Terrible Pie
Police trying to find who is leaving sex toys hanging from power lines in Oregon
UNIQLO SexTape: Police are investigating whether the video was a publicity stunt co-ordinated by Uniqlo
Marijuana can heal broken bones, says new study
Tự tay làm món kem bưởi bạc hà mát lịm cho ngày hè
Trump: 'I Don't Need to Be Lectured by Failed Politicians'
Donald Trump says John McCain should apologize instead of him
【解決済み】WinX DVD Ripper PlatinumはWindows 10で使える？Windows 10に対応できるの？
Positive preg tests for sale?!?!?!
Children Told to Behead Dolls at ISIS Training Camps
50 Cent calls AT&T 'racist'
Lone black man in Tampa Confederate group defends heritage
Math error blamed in Washington pot store's sale of marijuana to minor
350-Pound Woman on Welfare: I'm Obese Because I Don't Get Enough Government Money
North Korea has 99.97% voter turnout in elections
VIDEO: Police Officer Severely Injured After Run Over by Teens, Perps' Mothers File 'Excessive Force' Against Cop
Stuffed "Minions" toy helped save girl's life, police say
Polar bear wanders into Iqaluit, sparks social media frenzy
Buffalo Bills coach Rex Ryan jumps out of plane Friday: 'I like living'
Hero Man Pulls Woman From Burning Car At Oregon Gas Station
According to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, execution videos will be banned henceforth in order to "spare the feeling of fellow Muslims and their children."
Nuns Intensify Fight Over Sale of Convent to Katy Perry
The Internet wants Bernie Sanders to know he isn't black
Like drivers, crash-test dummies are becoming obese
The fatter crash test dummies that could save lives
Emilia Clarke reveals Game of Thrones season 6 will be 'mental'
Peppa Pig - Peppa pig en español episodes new episodes 2015
Couple vows to divorce if same-sex marriage is legalized
[Australian] Couple vows to divorce if same-sex marriage is legalized
The Parsi community is trying to encourage childbirth with the slogan 'Be responsible. Don't use a condom tonight.'
Man charged with robbery from woman's vagina
The criminal 'trend' about stealing Confederate flags that isn't really happening
Farmers Arrested for Running Sheep Brothel in Wales
Isis has banned beheading videos because they are worried about offending people
Ashley Madison infidelity site's customer data stolen
North Korea Elections Achieve 99.97% Turnout
Drunk squirrel trashes British bar, causes hundreds of dollars in damage
'Atomic wedgie' killer sentenced to 30 years in prison
10-Year-Old Gives Birth After Complaining of Stomach Pains
WANT TO FEEL OLD? THE ANIMALS FROM THESE CLASSIC ALBUM COVERS ARE MOST DEFINITELY DEA
WANT TO FEEL OLD? THE ANIMALS FROM THESE CLASSIC ALBUM COVERS ARE MOST DEFINITELY DEAD
Wheatfield man completes felony DWI hat trick
Chinese man builds fake police station in flat and poses as cop in elaborate con
Greek air force pilot 'flew F16 to Turkey' to withdraw Euros
Unknown man throws bunch of banknotes at Blatter, delays FIFA press conference
On-duty air traffic controller found passed out drunk
Banknotes thrown at Sepp Blatter during news conference
Gays Outraged as Group Warns that Sodomy Will Be Taught In Kindergartens
Man charged after demanding sexual favors from woman for watching her dog
Texas car dealership offers free gun with a new car
Taylor Swift Isn't to Blame for Power Outage at Dodgers-Nationals Game
Blatter news conference at FIFA delayed by British comedian
Backstreet Boys, 'NSync Will Team for 'Zombie Western' Asylum Film
Teen goes to see girlfriend - is met by stepfather and shotguns
College student blames parents after she blows $90G college fund
The Empire State Building Submits to Islam
More Funeral Homes Becoming Wedding Venues
Amid epic drought, California farmers turn to water witches
Childs description of heaven during near death experience specifically mentions book deal...
In an IS Training Camp, Children Told: Behead the Doll
Is ISIS developing suicide CHICKENS? Pictures appear to show bombs strapped to hens by bird-brained jihadis
Sleepover at Mitt's: Christie, Rubio bunk with Romney at N.H. retreat
After Iran deal, Obama offers military upgrade to help Israel swallow bitter Iranian deal
Self-proclaimed 'experts' more likely to fall for made-up facts, study finds
Indian men marrying multiple wives to help beat drought - CNN.com
Sepp Blatter showered with money in FIFA news conference
Adultery Website 'Ashley Madison' Hacked,Clients Could Be Exposed
Chicago fires investigator who found cops at fault in shootings
Boy Defies School To Save Pig He Loves
Tollbooth worker fired for paying driver's fee
Fox's Brian Kilmeade: Why aren't we 'clearing the waters' of sharks so ocean swimming is safe?
ISIS now using 'suicide chickens' to kill enemies
Man accused of theft from woman's vagina appears in court
Police suspect five-year-old who fell from third-story window was protected by a Minion
Minion breaks 5-year-old's three-story fall, Colorado Springs police say
The mysterious German fad for posing with a polar bear imitator
A Tour de France rider got run off the road, slammed his head into a telephone pole, and finished the race
Town Shames ISIS Chief 'Cersei Lannister-Style'-and Then Executes Him - The Daily Beast
Canadian men's basketball team players cram into cabs after bus breaks down
Man Sentenced To 30 Years For Killing Stepfather With 'Atomic Wedgie'
Rachel Dolezal Says She's Still Black and Now Does Hair Weaves and Braids After Losing Jobs
Woman Arrested After Telling Seafood Restaurant That Jesus Would Pay Her Bill
Scottish man accidentally fingers own mum following buckfast binge
Rachel Dolezal Works as Black Hair Stylist After Losing Job
Rachel Dolezal works as black hair stylist after losing job as African studies professor amid racial identity controversy
Dolezal: 'I Wouldn't Say I'm African American, But I Would Say I'm Black'
Rachel Dolezal Now Supporting Herself As Hairstylist Specializing in Braids and Weaves
Men who harass women online are quite literally losers, new study finds
Reefer Addicts and Street Thugs Flock to New Jersey's First Bitcoin ATM
Mass. town politician may be arrested for painting faded crosswalks himself
22-Year-Old Blows $90,000 Meant For Tuition And Blames Parents For It
Town Shames ISIS Chief 'Cersei Lannister-Style'-and Then Executes Him
Mass. town selectman asked to resign after repainting faded crosswalks himself
Sepp Blatter showered with cash at Fifa press conference
Wesley Clark Calls for Internment Camps for "Radicalized" Americans
Vicious Seagulls a Threat to Society
Heckler makes it rain dollar bills on Sepp Blatter during press conference
George Clooney launches project to 'end war in Africa'
Backstreet Boys and 'NSync Members Team Up for Zombie Western "Dead 7"
Mystery over sex toys dangled from power lines in Portland, Oregon
What Open Marriage Taught One Man About Feminism
The Apollo Edition Mustang draws inspiration from NASA's Apollo program.
Meet Tindog - the dating app for dogs
Walker Says Iran Military Action Could Begin on His Inauguration
'Atomic Wedgie' Killer Sentenced To 30 Years
Minions toy saves life of five-year-old girl who fell from window
Drunk driving suspect found naked on barn roof
Stinky 'Corpse' Flower Attracting Big Crowds In Berkeley
Black Holes Could Turn You Into a Hologram, and You Wouldn't Even Notice
'They were getting tested and still decided to do coke:' Saskatoon firm struggles to find drug-free applicants
Backstreet Boys and 'NSync will team up for a "Zombie Western" film
Isis have apparently started using 'suicide chickens'
Black Confederate Flag Supporter Dies After Being Ran Off Road by Anti-Flaggers
Cis Drag Queens Banned from Pride Event Because They Might Offend Trans People
Portland Diner Owner Under Fire for Yelling at Toddler
Fall Out Boy frontman Patrick Stump caught listening to own song on plane journey
Backstreet Boys And 'NSync Team Up For "Zombie Western"
Your man with glasses letter reaches Buncrana man Barry Henderson
White Former N.A.A.C.P. Leader Who Said She Was Black Still Does
Sepp Blatter gets showered with money at FIFA news conference
Hope Solo to appear on 'Kids' Choice Sports' award show, even after arrest for assaulting a minor
Black Mississippi flag supporter dies in traffic accident
Meet the gay man who has fathered ten children with nine different women
Gay man uses Facebook to father 10 children
Christian Florida parents want to ban books about Muslim fundamentalists banning books
The National played the same song for 6 hours straight. Pitchfork gave the performance a 7.2
Dad Doesn't Like Daughter's Boyfriend. He Shows Up Anyway. Gets Shot in Head by Shotgun.
Shameless Paedophile Caught After Writing Letter Asking For Child Sex To Be Legalised
The vKlu Klux Klan is now accepting applications from Jews, African Americans and Homosexuals.
Queen veers onto grass verge to avoid young family
US | Tue Jul 14, 2015 1:22pm EDT Related: U.S., ODDLY ENOUGH Two Utah teens livestream ice cream burglary, get scooped up
Gay Man Fathers 10 Kids With Nine Different Women In 13 Months
Queen veers in to grass to avoid hitting young family
Young family stunned as impatient Queen caught driving on the grass to get past them
Palin calls both McCain and Trump heroes
Impatient Queen drives her car onto grass and around couple blocking her way to church
Black bear falls asleep on lawn after eating 20 pounds of dog food
Vet grabs his handgun, rifle and a knife and stands guard outside a Ft. Wayne, IN recruiting office.
Racism and xenophobia are exactly why Republicans love Donald Trump, polls show
Fort Wayne man stands guard outside of Glendbrook Mall recruiting office
Rick Perry compares Trump to cancer
Armed civilians guard military recruitment center in Alabama
The 'phallic' clam America sells to China
Freedom man dies after rattlesnake bite in Elk County
'Drunk' squirrel causes $400 damage to British bar
Squirrel gets drunk, trashes British bar
Dictionary helps crack case of notorious Polish serial offender
Trump Says He Heroically Avoided Capture in Vietnam by Staying in U.S. - The New Yorker
A scientist who studies psychopaths found out he was one by accident - and it completely changed his life
Baffled police called to 'dead animal in canal' find duvet stuffed full of coconuts
Donald Trump Is Biff Tannen From 'Back To The Future'
Women will take HIV-prevention pills under the right circumstances, CDC study shows
Burst of summer rain dampens car-torching California blaze
Wesley Clark: "Disloyal Americans" should be tossed in internment camps for the "duration" of the war on terror
Thou shalt not steal: Moses reunites stolen bike with owner
Music Festivalgoers Can Give Blood In Exchange For Discounted Tickets
Stephen Hawking announces $100 million hunt for alien life
Crawl-a-this is thrown into chaos as 10-month-old Berkley is disqualified
Drunk squirrel causes £300 worth of damage as it trashes private members club bar in Evesham
ISIS Are Using 'Suicide Chickens' Now Because They're Running Out Of Weapons
Yes, Hip-Hop Duo Outkast Should Be Added To The World's Largest Confederate Monument
Shark survives attack by Australian surfer.
Mother of man killed in police shooting regrets calling officers for help.
Uniqlo sex tape: Beijing police arrest five people
99-year-old great-grandmother told she is pregnant after hospital blunder
Drought-stricken California is burning, flooding at the same time
Hillary Clinton releases Vine "Just Chillin'"
Transylvanian music festival offers free tickets in exchange for blood
Lululemon beer coming soon to liquor stores
A Student Just Blew Her $90k College Fund on Clothes
Marijuana found growing in Vancouver traffic circle
Kenya witch doctor foretells Obama visit
Bear Breaks Into Bakery and Devours Dozens of Pies
Transylvanian Music Festival Offers Ticket Discount For Blood
Minor-league team apologizes after Corey Feldman's band plays ballpark
Pay with blood: Transylvanian festival offers ticket discount for donors
Student spends $90,000 university fund on expensive clothes and trip to Europe - then blames parents for not teaching her budgeting
IS militants said to be building suicide belts for use on live chickens
Why are invisible birds shrieking near the World Bank in downtown D.C.?
99.97% of North Koreans turn out for local elections
Guardian Author Who Called for End of Catcalling now Regrets she is not Catcalled
Feminist: Not Allowing Your Wife to Sleep With Other Men is Sexist
'Birthplace of the deep fried Mars bar' banner is banned
Maroondah Council plants tree squarely in front of goals
French Scrabble champion speaks no French
99.97% of North Koreans turn out to vote
A Kiwi has won the French-language Scrabble world championship, reportedly without speaking a word of French
Unhappy meal sees Bristol customer throw bacon Big Tasty in McDonald's worker's face
Squirrel has too much to drink, gets thrown out of bar
New Zealander wins international French language Scrabble competition without speaking a word of French
ISIS 'banning' of beheading videos a 'not surprising' PR move
Drag queens banned from pride as they may offend transgender people
Woman to marry her pet DOG after husband of 16 years - her CAT - dies
Football-bowling hybrid sport takes hold in Detroit
Worker in Harrods department store, London, sues employers for £1 Million after being sacked for eating a slice of chocolate cake.
Security at Zuma's estate needs to be re-evaluated due to the public scrutiny it has come under, for excessive spending on security measures
The new Francophone Scrabble world champion doesn't speak French
Coffin had to be specially made for 250 kg Brit who drowned in Turkey
Charlize Theron accidentally invited President Obama to a strip club
Drag queens banned from Pride event 'because they may offend transgender people'
Fox News' Brian Kilmeade Says Ocean Should Be Cleared of Sharks To Prevent Further Attacks
Man who survived lightning strike wins $1M jackpot with co-worker
5,000 naked anti-gay protesters to greet President Obama in Kenya
US should hang Edward Snowden, says former spy panel senator
Assassin's creed creator reveals new game is largely non-violent.
Air Zimbabwe flies one passenger from South Africa
99-year-old great-grandmother told she is pregnant by hospital
Florida Man Arrested for Illegally Spearfishing and Molesting a Turtle
Calif. mom outraged at toy gun son bought off ice cream truck
Kiwi wins French scrabble crown, without actually being able to speak a word of French....
Uncle Kracker, Mark McGrath (Sugar Ray) and Kevin Griffin (Better Than Ezra) started a band called Uncle Ezra Ray and made a single called 'B.Y.H.B.'
Two nuns want to stop Katy Perry from buying their convent
Luka Magnotta leaves controversial prisoner dating site
Come on Australia, you're embarrassing the rest of us
ISIS resorts to using chickens as 'suicide bombers'
Uncle Kracker, Kevin Griffin (Better Than Ezra), and Mark McGrath (Sugar Ray) started a "supergroup" called Uncle Ezra Ray and made a single called 'B.Y.H.B.'
Kim Jong Un wins North Korean election with 99.97% of the vote
ISIS uses live innocent chickens in suicide bombing attempts
Man battles eviction over couple's sex act on his patio
Police probing death in LA find 1,200 guns and 2 tons ammo
ISIS now using chicken 'suicide bombers'
Texas lawmaker wants people to be able to carry guns in hospitals
Police: Drunk driving suspect found naked on barn roof
Study Finds That Men Who Attack Women Online Are, Literally, Losers
Burglar accidentally takes selfie with victim's iPhone
'It's not a racist thing': Florida rally fights to keep mural of hooded Klansmen in county courthouse
Fox News Host Thinks Ocean Should Be "Cleared" Of Sharks Read more: http://www.mixphiladelphia.com/onair/chio-54425/fox-news-host-thinks-ocean-should-13780435/#ixzz3gXOSKIHI
Charlize Theron invited Obama to strip club
'Drunk' squirrel reportedly causes damage in U.K. pub
Lululemon-branded beer hits store shelves this summer
Petition created to remove courthouse mural featuring KKK members; opponents say 'it's not a racist thing'
Fox News Host Thinks Ocean Should Be "Cleared" Of Sharks
How a man with a sousaphone ruined a KKK march
Wall Street Tale of Sex, Suicides, and Skullduggery
U.S. to Europe: Don't move my cheese
Sask. Confederate flag supporter files human rights complaint
Device Turns iPad Into Sperm Tester, Startup Seeks FDA Approval
Drag Queens Banned From Free Pride Glasgow Event Over Fears Of Offending Transgender People
Florida gun shop owner declares his store a 'Muslim-free zone'
Snails slug it out in world racing championship
Gay Pride Event Bans Drag Because It Offends Transgendered
Floridians urged to avoid leprosy-infected armadillos
Pride event bans drag queens performing because 'they might cause offence'
Woman Jumps to Death From 20th Floor Rooftop Bar, Patrons Keep Drinking
Pride event in Glasgow is now welcoming trans, but not cis, drag queens
Uncle Kracker, Kevin Griffin (Better Than Ezra), and Mark McGrath (Sugar Ray) started a "supergroup" called Uncle Ezra Ray and made a single called 'B.Y.H.B. (Bring Your Hot Body)'
Charlie Hebdo agrees not to mock Mohammad anymore
ISIS Are Using 'Suicide Chickens' Because They're Running Out Of Ammunition
Pride event BANS drag queens in case they are offensive
Transylvanian Festival Accepts Blood as Payment
Chicken Suicide Bombers: Isis uses Explosive-strapped Hens in Syria to Attack Kurdish Militia
I work at the US Capitol and KFC. Colonel Sanders pays me more than Uncle Sam
Chicago's police review agency fires investigator for not exonerating cops
Government arresting people for anti Obama Facebook posts.
Sri Lanka ile Pakistan arasındaki kriket maçına asker müdahale etti
Backstreet Boys and 'NSync Members Team Up for zombie Western Futuristic Horror Movie Dead 7
Video: KDH beachgoers create stir with personal shark cages
Police bust kinky couple over painful love-making
Hackers Remotely Kill a Jeep on the Highway-With Me in It
Bride who bought £40 camera for honeymoon horrified that ALL 300 pictures are dark, fuzzy or over-exposed
Maine diner owner defends yelling at toddler to stop crying
Anonymous targets IS sympathisers on Twitter
Brian Kilmeade of Fox News: Why can't they clear the ocean of sharks?
Jeb Bush vows to take on bureaucracy, revolving door of influence if elected
Top Conservative Magazine Calls Bernie Sanders A Nazi
Diner owner under fire for yelling at crying toddler
Black bear eats 20-pound bag of dog food then naps on lawn
Transylvanian music festival accepts payment in blood
New French Scrabble champion doesn't speak French
Donald Trump Just Accidentally Tweeted a Photo of a Convicted Murderer
Man told his wife he had given up smoking , only to catch him having a crafty cigarette on Google street view.
Florida Law Enforcement Unable To Prevent Theft of Own Firearms
Woman sues employer after she is denied paid maternity leave for adopting a puppy
Donald Trump gives out Lindsey Graham's cell phone number
High-speed taco truck chase ends with suspect running directly into policeman's open arms
Bold 23-Year-Old Ate at Chipotle 153 Days in a Row
President Obama, Donald Trump order flags flown at half-staff at White House, Trump properties, to honor Chattanooga shooting victims
Driver caught towing van-strapped-in-car-boot(trunk)
Teen dies after car crashes into funeral home
Naked man thrusts himself on UT drag bystanders
Dispelling the myths about black fathers (TIL Black Fathers also helped their kids with homework more than their white and Hispanic counterparts)
Naked Ferrari crash prompts Chinese official's downfall
Donald Trump Gives Out Lindsey Graham's Cell Phone Number in Televised Speech
Prankster makes it rain fake cash on Sepp Blatter at FIFA event
Winner Of French Scrabble Title Does Not Speak French
Man wins French Scrabble championship without speaking a word of French
Meet the Guy Who's Eaten Chipotle for the Last 103 Days ... and Counting
Indian court rules 'coming late without informing wife is cruelty'
Donald Trump Gives Out Lindsey Graham's Phone Number During Speech
Minor league baseball team apologizes for actor Corey Feldman's postgame concert
Olympic equestrian champion suspended after horses test positive
World's Largest Snake Found Dead
Emoji At Center Of Bidding Battle Won By Sony Animation; Anthony Leondis To Direct
Drug dealer takes a selfie in front of his cannabis factory - is promptly arrested
Tennessee shoppers sing national anthem inside Wal-Mart
Donald Trump reveals GOP rival's personal phone number during live speech
8-year-old girl in Oklahoma barred from water park slide because her prosthetic leg would scratch equipment
State police: Drunk driving suspect found naked on barn roof
Backstreet Boys and 'NSync to make zombie horror film with Sharknado team
Canadian man defies the odds by getting struck by lightening and years later winning the lottery
Antioch Woman Trading Her 4-Bedroom Home For A Delicious Dessert
Baylor's 6'8" TE 'Slimmed Down' to 403 Pounds
Video shows couple walk into ocean in homemade shark cages at Outer Banks
Child Vaccination Rate for Polio Is Lower In Seattle Than In Sudan
Driver hits a woman, then pretends he's dead so he won't be arrested (article in spanish)
Arrested FIFA Official pays bail in diamonds and new Ferrari.
A Ticket to This Music Festival in Transylvania Will Cost You Two Pints of Blood
Police investigate report of lion on Milwaukee's north side
Graham calls Trump a 'jackass,' Trump reads out his phone number during rally
Donald Trump Just Gave Out Lindsey Graham's Cellphone Number
Man pees, spits all over inside of cop car; arrested
Want proof Donald Trump can build a border wall? Look at his D.C. hotel, he says.
Couple tries using DIY shark cages at Outer Banks beach; stopped by lifeguard
Watch the bizarre speech where Donald Trump gave America Sen. Lindsey Graham's cell number
Donald Trump just doxxed Lindsey Graham on live TV
The chick who Scott was allegedly cheating on his wife, Kourtney Kardashian with is now claiming the whole thing never happened.
A Man Says He Is Getting Evicted Because a Stranger Got a BJ on His Back Porch
Rubio 'gotta' go see 'Straight Outta Compton'
Bizarre new beauty trend sees women dyeing their ARMPIT hair
Hero tuba player trolls entire KKK march with doofy music
Minor-league team apologizes after Corey Feldman's band plays ballpark. Corey Feldman then blames the minor-league team.
Police: man rear-ends a car, backs over a pedestrian, then hits another car
Musician performs Ride of the Valkyries on tuba to mock KKK protesters
Florida Gun Supply declares store "Muslim-free zone"
Timothy L. OBrien, author of Trump How to Get Rich, writes critical Bloomberg commentary on how Donald Trump values himself at 10bln.
Righty magazine calls Bernie Sanders a Nazi
Congress needs to nuke bad Iran deal
Swedish "Far-Right" Plans Gay Pride Parade Through Muslim Areas; Leftists and Gay Rights Groups Decry the Parade as Racist
Joe Biden Injured After Playing with his Dog
Your Butt-Dials Can Be Recorded, Federal Court Says
Nigel Richards wins French Scrabble contest, doesn't even speak French
Donald Trump just gave out Lindsey Graham's cellphone number. Cellphone gate was in response to Graham calling Trump "the world's biggest jackass".
NYC's Kennedy airport building luxury animal terminal
Ilford make-up artist named UK's sexiest vegan
Confederate flag supporter in Saskatchewan files human rights complaint
Rand Paul takes a chainsaw to the tax code
Neighbours angry over giant Leylandii tree
Glasgow Pride event bans drag in case it is "offensive".
Family of girl freed by police from under car on Twelfth lodge a complaint... against police
Donald Trump Reads Out Lindsey Graham's Phone Number at a Campaign Stop
Get Profit Adz Review by Leonie L. Join GetProfitAdz Now
Trump gives out Graham's cellphone number
Chief Wana Dubie promises to 'smoke' Blunt in Senate race
Jeep drivers: Install this security patch right now - or prepare to DIE
Man Wins World Championship In French Scrabble Without Understanding A Word Of French
South Dakota Man gets robbed of his Ramen Noodles shortly after purchasing them
One Direction Offers Remix Competition, Then Sony/Soundcloud Punish The Entrants As Copyright Infringers
Trump Doxxes Graham on Live TV
Environmental Protest Mistaken for Burning Man Party
One Man In Jail, Another Injured After Fight Over Hot Dogs
NZer wins French Scrabble comp - without speaking any French
Man speaks no French, wins French Scrabble title
College student blows through $90,000 in 3 years
Two ISIS leaders killed by own bomb
Right-Wing Media Deny Link Between Climate Change And Rise Of ISIL
Donald Trump gave out one of his election opponent's actual phone number
Man orgasms 100 times per day, wants to die
[Not satire motherfuckers] Woman Assaulted By Celebrity Just Needs To Sit Tight For 40 Years Until Dozens More Women Corroborate Story
Disney Furious That Amy Schumer Sexualized A Previously Un-objectified Princess Leia
BACKSTREET BOYS AND *NSYNC ARE MAKING A "ZOMBIE WESTERN FUTURISTIC HORROR MOVIE" TOGETHER
Uber's war with New York is so serious it's giving out free hummus
Penn Plates Silent Discos Start Up at One Penn Plaza
British seaside town of Truro goes to war with fearless gulls
Man gets angry, headbutts bus in Winter Haven
The new French-language Scrabble champion doesn't speak French
New Poll Finds 74% Of Americans Would Be Comfortable Blaming Female President For Problems
Man Eats Chipotle 153 days in a row
Senator Lindsey Graham will probably have to change his cellphone number. That's because Donald J. Trump...brandished a card showing the South Carolina senator's phone number from the stage at a speech on Tuesday afternoon, reading the digits aloud and encouraging people to dial.
Donald Trump gives out Republican rival's private number
This Lexus RC-F literally has a heartbeart
You can now inhale alcohol in a walk through cloud cocktail installation in London
Man Wins French Scrabble Champs, Doesn't Speak French
Jefferson City newspaper apologizes for cremation ad
Transylvanian Music Festival Offers Ticket Discount For Blood | IFLScience
14.1 per cent of Darwin's population are registered members of matchmaking cheater site AshleyMadison.com
Dallas Houses Damaged After Worker Sets Fire to Wasp Nest: Officials
Trump orders flags flown at half-staff for 'soldiers'
Local family saws their way out of locked car dealership
Drag queens banned from performing at Free Pride Glasgow event over fears acts will offend trans people
The French Scrabble Champion Doesn't Even Speak French
Japanese game show features huge grizzly bear torturing terrified woman in box.
Commercial locksmith service in clearwater
Sony Reportedly Bringing An Emoji Movie To The Big Screen
A third of US young adults are not eligible for military recruiting due to obesity
THE BI-ANNUAL PEOPLE'S CHAMP AWARDS - JULY EDITION
Poll: Should Sen. Lindsey Graham Get an iPhone, or an Android?
Dutch woman to marry dog after cat-husband dies
FBI Confirm Aliens Exist - Released Declassified UFO Documents & Alien Files
Trump Leads Nevada Poll with Overwhelming Hispanic Support
Ashley Madison says 1 in 5 Ottawans subscribed to adulterer website
No joke: North Carolina rolls out online phys ed classes
Foundation for World's Tallest Building Converted to Fish Farm
Minor league team apologizes to fans for Corey Feldman retro night
Japanese zoo plans cockroach races to recast hated insect as our best friend
Charlize Theron invited President Obama to a strip club, was politely turned down
India villagers behead woman for 'witchcraft'
Paralysis hits man who drank sugary drinks too quickly
Mars Tourists Will Be Just as Annoying as Regular Tourists
Rutter: Can Carmel Catholic H.S. rationally explain Rick Santorum to students?
Japanese Scientist Synthesizes Meat from Human Feces
Rachel Dolezal works as black hair stylist after losing job - NY Daily News
Man wins francophone Scrabble world championship without speaking any French
Now ISIS using chicken suicide bombers
Andhra Pradesh offers beggars Rs 5,000 to stay away from river festival
String theory: the physics student who lived in a tent to save on rent
Big stink on Russian border as man tries to smuggle 460kg of cheese from EU
U.K. MP Rob Wilson files 9-pence expense claim for 322-metre car trip
Belfast City Hall had no tours on a Saturday... because officials feared Goths would invade
Untrustworthy faces are more likely to get the death sentence
Lorenzo Lamas has son and grandson at the same time.
My wedding was perfect - and I was fat as hell the whole time
Failure of One Metal Strut Seemed to Doom SpaceX Falcon 9 Rocket
Woman leaps to death off rooftop bar, patrons keep drinking
Lorenzo Lamas's wife gives birth to his grandson and stepson.
Boston found to have a habit of falsely reporting pothole repairs
Kerry says Iran vow to defy U.S. is 'very disturbing'
Chris Christie says he's a bigger fan of Bon Jovi than Springsteen
10 things you should know about your underwear
Taylor Swift 1989 Chinese clothing line risks Tiananmen Square row
Rainbow-hating Saudi authorities jail school administrator over "Emblem Of Homosexuality"
Saudi Arabian School Official Jailed and Fined for Rainbows on Building
New French Scrabble champ speaks no French
Spain's unused, billion-euro Don Quixote airport is about to be sold to a Chinese investor for just $11,000
Nintendo Fails To Include All Fans, Says Man With Hook For A Hand
Wanted: Chinese Sperm Donors - Please Sign Up on Alibaba
Investigation Confirms That ISIS Utilizes Chemically Induced Weapons
50 Cent testifies his lifestyle is an illusion: 'I take the jewelry and cars back to the stores'
Backstreet Boys & NSYNC Team Up For Zombie Western Futuristic Horror Movie
This is the state of UK tabloid media. You won't believe how many people read this utter garbage and believe it to be fact.
More people are living in poverty after the great recession than before it.
California Woman Offers Home as Prize in Dessert Contest
Drug dealer caught after police discovered his cannabis selfie
English drug dealer arrested after police discover pictures of him with his drugs
Jeb Bush Speech Denouncing Lobbyists Was Organized By Corporate Lobbying Group
Surprising science of deer in the headlights: It's better to just hit them
Dutch woman will marry dog after her husband - a cat - dies
Kentucky cat announces 2016 presidential bid
Massachusetts official faces charges for painting crosswalks
Japanese Twitter Users Go After ISIS with Anime Girls
Florida gun-shop owner declares store 'Muslim-free zone'
Because Your Phone Works Way Too Hard, You Should Let It Rest In This Ridiculous $99 Sofa And Ottoman Called, Ehm, "Phoniture"
Monticello preparing for KKK rally
Court in Russia grants amnesty to squirrel killer
Professor Who Blasts 'Dirty Jewish Zionist Thugs,' 'Homo Lobby,' and 'Sluts' Paid for by State of Pennsylvania: "The info about [Bill] Cosby is not very surprising," he wrote. "Most non-Muslims behave like he did."
Picky bear drinks 36 beers, leaves the Busch for someone else
Fitness Empire Lululemon Launches a Craft Beer
Payback: Trump gives away rival Lindsey Graham's phone number after criticism
McDonald's opens luxury restaurant with silver cutlery and linen tablecloths
Canada man hit by lightning wins lottery
Taylor Swift's next feud might be with the Chinese government
Federal Court Rules No Backsies on Butt Dials
Latest U.S. Export to China: Phallic-Shaped Clams
Man Misses Metro Stop, Pulls Emergency Brake to Get Off
Want to snuggle with your chickens? Stop it, CDC warns
Police reply to woman's tweet to 'bring me weed'
IKEA recalls 27 million chests, dressers after two deaths
Stephen Hawking: Intelligent Aliens Could Destroy Humanity, But Let's Search Anyway
From duds to suds: Lululemon going into beer business
Woman Tweets She Wants Weed, Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Responds
University to offer athletic scholarships to gamers
Man masturbates in front of 75-year-old woman in elevator of Bronx apartment building: police
ISIS now using chickens as 'suicide bombers'
Israel declares stone-throwers terrorist, approves 20 years prison.
New Zealander Wins French Scrabble Title, But Doesn't Speak French
Report: Explosive chickens latest addition to ISIS's arsenal
Baby DQed from Crawl-a-thon for Scooting
Woman posts Facebook photo of boy with Down's Syndrome inside washing machine
Man Misses Metro Stop, Pulls Emergency Switch To Get Off
Fundraiser for Baltimore Police Officers Charged in Freddie Gray Case to Feature Blackface Performance
Police: Troopers use rope to corral combative man who drove drunk on a lawn tractor
Reminder: Al Franken Said McCain No War Hero, Too
Controversy at Lakeville crawl-a-thon as tot is disqualified for scooting
Insiders reveal GOP plan to eliminate 'annoying' Donald Trump from presidential contention
Crook predictably fails to rob 7-11 with only a finger gun
It's time to draft Al Gore: If Democrats want to win, it's clear neither Hillary nor Sanders is the way
Russian 'Miss Charming' Loses Title After Being Exposed as Neo-Nazi
Man Attempts to Rob 7-11 With Finger Gun
Kenny Loggins Will Play Area Man's Living Room In September
Man Injures Restaurant Worker After Being Denied Free Doughnuts NYPD Says
Pat Roberts and Kevin Williiamson are accusing Presidential Candidate Bernie Sanders, whose relatives died in the Holocaust, of being a nazi.
Proposed Bed and Breakfast could "Potentially Kill Us and Our Children"
Man Repeatedly Struck Roommate With Wooden Cane in Dispute Over Hot Dogs
3 Startling Animal Brains that Can Fly an F-22 or Control Robots
Bill Gates and John Green Discuss Agriculture
Burglar lived under family's spare bed for 3 days, police say
Fundraiser for Baltimore 6 will feature blackface performance
Former cop and blackface performer planning fundraiser for officers in Freddie Gray case
Woman tells paralyzed man he deserved it
Minor league baseball team apologizes after Corey Feldman's band performs at ballpark
Online vampire game obsession leads to county employee's resignation
Roadkill raccoon gets yellow road stripe
Palm Beach Cops Troll Young Woman on Twitter Who Wanted to Buy Weed
Armadillos Are Giving People Leprosy in Florida
Mount Rushmore Being Torn Down for Being 'Racist' Like Confederate Flag Monuments? [Video]
With a Cell Phone and a Meat Cleaver, Graham Responds to Trump
Smoking husband who promised to quit caught by Google View
Smoking husband who promised to quit is caught out on Google Street View
Google Street View Busts Husband Smoking After He Told Wife He Quit
Arrests Ensue After Fans Brawl over Ohio State-Michigan Rivalry on a Boat
Despite depressing name, Starvation State Park a great place to visit
K-pop singer sentenced to 18 months in S. Korean prison for smoking marijuana
Trump is visiting the border tomorrow. My hometown Laredo, TX
The most horrific shoe ever made
ISIS is worried beheading videos are hurting its reputation
Another Airbnb Victim Tells His Story: "There Were Meth Pipes Everywhere"
Details released on Trump's visit to Laredo
Fundraiser for Baltimore cops charged in Freddie Gray's death to feature blackface performance
No more gory beheading videos: Why ISIS has banned execution videos
With the stroke of his pen, Obama removes large parts of the STOCK [Stop Trading On Congressional Knowledge] thus allowing Congress to legally use legislative insider knowledge to profit from stock trades.
Lindsey Graham just posted a "How to" video on destroying your cellphone
Obama Says He Will Issue Executive Order for Jon Stewart to Continue Hosting Daily Show
Petition: Add Outkast to Confederate carving at Stone Mountain
Fox News Confused, Baffled By The Moon
Disney Princesses With Period Stains Remind Us Menstruation Isn't Shameful
Loose bull on Texas State's campus proves why being a student in the Lone Star State is awesome
Nude Austin man rubs himself on 'grandma' near University of Texas, says he's Buzz Lightyear
Home Intruder Hid Under Bed & Charged His Phones for 3 Days
The 'Web Training Collar' Shocks You When You Visit an Insecure Site
Minor-league baseball team apologies after Corey Feldman's band performs at ballpark
Tokyo kids wear turd hats and jump into giant loo to learn how toilets work
Donald Trump's University of Pennsylvania classmates apparently have 'no memory of him whatsoever'
Donald Trump to Buy Puerto Rico
Booze, cigars, drugs and phones hurled over prison fence
St. Joseph Mayor Calls Local Wildflower Racist
After Trump gave out his number, Lindsey Graham set a cell phone on fire
Lindsey Graham shows how to demolish a phone after Donald Trump gave out his number
Donald Trump: As president, "I'll change my tone"
Irish judge rules speeding not 'as bad' in miles
Volusia Sheriff's Office to start Googling deputy applicants
As minimum wage has risen to $15 in Seattle, workers request less hours to keep overall income down so they don't lose public subsidies for things like food, child care and rent.
New York Acts to Mandate $15 Minimum Wage in Fast Food
Nearly No Consequences For Drunk Executives Who Poured Beer On Native American Children's Heads
Woman Tweets for Weed, PBC Sheriff Responds
Yoga Pant Maker Lululemon is Introducing a Beer
Gardaí are investigating the theft of a concrete vibrator valued at €600
Gardaí in Cavan are investigating the theft of a concrete vibrator valued at €600 from a retail park overnight
Quick-moving Glacier National Park fire forces evacuations
Missouri may discard algebra requirements in college
Alibaba seeks sperm donors - CNN.com
New app helps Muslim men find second wife
Universal asks Google to take down 127.0.0.1 for piracy.
Don't Look Under the Bed! New Jersey Cops Say Burglar Hid There for Three Days
Federal Eye OPM to federal agencies: We got hacked, but you have to help pay for the response
Gay Pride Event Bans Drag Queen Outfits Because It Offends The Transgendered
Petition aims to close Des Moines Register after Trump story
OPM to federal agencies: We got hacked, but you have to help pay for the response - The Washington Post
Hundreds Renovate Older Man's Home After Teenagers Make Rude Comment
Tilda Swinton confirms she's playing an old Asian man in 'Doctor Strange'
Katy Perry Slams Taylor Swift On Twitter-'She's a hypocrite'
ISIS leaders killed by roadside bomb they previously planted
Blackface Performer Plans Fundraiser for 6 Indicted Officers
Brewers Serve Up Beer Made with Live Maine Lobsters
Royal Newfoundland Constabulary puts out search for missing season: Summer
Cat wakes up from neutering, realises its testicles are gone, screams
YouTube hires former MTV executive to create original content
Alaska zoo temporarily closes after wild black bear wanders in
Minneapolis man who opened fire at party over 'Happy Birthday' snub sentenced to 28 years in prison
Gérard Depardieu a 'national security threat' to Ukraine
Six times Reddit wasn't completely awful
Chinese doctors to disgruntled patients: Please stop stabbing us
There is a lion on the loose in Milwaukee, WI
Police Handcuff A Naked Woman After Entering Her Home Illegally
Pro sports gaming league will drug test its players
Mutant Flowers From Japan's Fukushima Nuclear Disaster
There's a bug swarm in Texas so big a weather radar picked it up
Muslim Man Who Wants To Build Youth Camp Shocked By Terrorism Accusations
After Adderall Scandal, eSports Company Will Police Performance-Enhancing Drugs
Someone built a meth lab inside a federal research facility and it exploded
Can you hear me now? Graham smashes cell phone after Trump outs number
A Bug Swarm So Big It Shows Up On Weather Radar
ESL responds to esports doping controversy
Study Finds That Online Harassers Really Are Losers
Obese man cycles across America. Hold up due to bent back wheel.
Former Baltimore Policeman Will Perform in Blackface to Raise Funds for Freddie Gray Officers
Body of man decomposed in car with small arsenal at home
Dog-walker left needing stitches after pet food attack
Donald Trump just gave out a rival presidential candidate's phone number, because Donald Trump
UCLA Paper Apologizes For Saying Women Menstruate
'Six Californias' plan may make 2016 ballot
Lindsey Graham responds to Trump by destroying his phone
County's ambulance service given 3,366 speeding tickets
'Spartan Warriors' Arrested in Beijing as Publicity Stunt Backfires
U.S. prosecutors charge two men in Philippines murder for hire plot
Interview with the Most Famous Stock Photography Model in History
Belfast City Hall opens its doors after 'goth invasion'
Community Questions Sex Offender's Reinstatement to Local Fire Department.
Emoji Movie In Development At Sony Pictures Animation
Customer Loyalty Software for Loyalty Reward Programs
Dive-bombing seagulls leave pensioner battered and bloodied
Warriors Posed To Break Yoga Record At Al Udeid Air Base
Bison attacks woman who was trying to take selfie with it in Yellowstone Park
Mah: Cinema told not to sell couple seats to unmarried couples
Tesco Facebook complaint about bacon goes viral
Foreigners Dressed as Spartans Freak Out the Beijing Police and Get Arrested
Spanish Town Votes In Favour Of Giving Cats And Dogs Same Rights As Humans
Maine brewer makes beer out of live lobsters, sea salt
Universal Studios finds pirated Jurassic World on own localhost. Files DMCA on it'self.
A man who doesn't speak French wins French Scrabble world championship
Scientist warns the world to 'think twice before replying to alien signals from outer space'
Man knocks himself out over $2 bus fare
Spain raises marrying age from 14 to 16
Anthony Weiner got a job fixing PR messes - seriously
NDP candidate not upset Tom Mulcair called her 'a wonderful man'
Chief Keef is performing a free online concert via hologram to help "stop the violence".
Chris Brown confused about why he's stuck in Philippines
Details - CompareApps 2015
Children Who Play "Pretend" Are More Likely to Become Atheists
Man allegedly breaks into home, hides under bed for 3 days while charging cellphones
Baltimore Police Fundraiser Under Fire for Planned Blackface Act
Trump in '04: 'I probably identify more as Democrat'
Suspended license grounds Knievel sobriety jump.
'Angela Merkel' Gets Lesbian Kiss in Viral Ad
Cops stop "foreigners in short pants" parading through Beijing
Expedition To Study Global Warming Put On Hold Because Of TOO MUCH ICE
Yellowstone Park advises against selfies with bison
Saleen Is Suing A Guy On Reddit For Calling Them A Scam.
Video Shows NYPD Officers Punch Man Accused of Stealing Pizza Slice as He Puts Hands Up
Milwaukee man shoots dog, mistaking it for reported lion
Confederate flag has been flying in Dundas, Ont., for 18 years
Bill Cosby tells kids to 'say no to pills' in 1971 Grammy-winning album
Not Everyone Who Has an Abortion Is a Woman - How to Frame the Abortion Rights Issue
Half-naked Spartan warriors thwarted by Beijing police
Free tampons would slow flow of gender inequality
City of Davenport workers accused of fixing too many streets
Calif. man bitten while trying to take selfie with rattlesnake ends up with $153G hospital bill
Meth entrepreneur tells arresting officers: 'I make meth work for me'
In Controversial Campaign Move, Donald Trump to Buy Puerto Rico
Pro Gaming League Will Drug Test Its Players
Man breaks into home, hides under bed for 3 days to charge cellphones
Florida man headbutts bus to protest $2 fare
German Muay Thai Champion Joins ISIS, Only To Be Executed By Group For Trying To Flee
Report: Muay Thai champ executed by ISIS for trying to quit
Mastercard to start verifying payments by SELFIE
Steve Spurrier's rule on marijuana use is '3 pots and you're finished'
Canadian Journalist being Prosecuted for calling a government agency, a Human Rights Commission, 'crazy'
Dead Man With Weapons Stash Linked to Missing Oxnard Woman Who Believed He Was Alien Savior
JK Rowling's Giant Bush Is Causing Traffic Mayhem in Edinburgh
Universal finds pirated copy of Jurassic World seeded from its own servers
Fundraiser canceled for Baltimore officers charged in Freddie Gray's death over ex-cop's blackface plans
Armed police and helicopter patrol called to thwart man's didgeridoo session
Grillax, Bro: I'm a feminist. I'm a dude. And I hate that I love to grill.
Former cop organizes blackface performance to raise funds for officers charged in Freddie Gray death selling 600 tickets
Reality TV Lawyer Loredana Nesci Found Dead In LA Home, Boyfriend Arrested On Suspicion Of Murder
Man Mistakes Dog for a Lion and Shoots It
Bill Cosby's 1970s anti-drug album for kids: 'Say no to pills'
Why my own father would have let IS kill me
More Than 1,200 Guns, 2 Tons of Ammo Found at Upscale SoCal Home
Colorado judge bans "Bong-a-Thon" from townsite of Stoner
Drug dealer let off by judge because he gave up cannabis for Ramadan
Canadian Journalist being Prosecuted for calling a State run Human Rights Commission ' crazy '
Michigan town blocks Muslim man's secular scout camp over fears it's a secret ISIS training ground
Body found of man connected to missing woman, believed to be 'human/alien hybrid'
How Japanese anime is the latest weapon in the fight against Isis
Russian separatists use Battlefield 3 Stinger missiles to accuse USA of weapon supply
Milwaukee neighborhood on edge after report of lion roaming streets
Reality star Loredana Nesci murdered, the police think that she was either shot or stabbed
Ikea offers free anchors after falling drawers kill two
Professional video game league to begin PED testing
Man breaks into home and spends 3 days hiding under owner's bed to charge his phones.
Freddie Gray death: blackface fundraiser planned for indicted police officers
Science Suggests Bassists Are Far More Important Than Most People Realize
Wisconsin man mistakes dog for lion, shoots pit bull
Bill Cosby's lawyers on rape claims: He just 'introduced Quaaludes into their consensual sex life'
Derry judge orders teenager to sketch him in court
Man sneaks into NJ home, hides under bed for 3 days to charge his phones
Hillary fired for lies, unethical behavior from Congressional job: former boss
Tony gets number of star points wrong, in front of 10 flags
An Artist in DeviantArt Won $6000, $250 in Battle.net Balance, 8000 Points and 1 Year Premium Membership
Rome finally abandons 'too complicated' Roman numerals
Dead LA man who had 1,200 guns, underwater car identified; believed to be 'part alien' secret government worker
Car Rental In Varanasi | New Car Rental Varanasi
Convicted sex offender wins 3 million dollar lottery
Baltimore police fundraiser cancelled after blackface controversy
Sony Pictures buys rights to make an emoji movie
Squirrel gets 'drunk', causes hundreds of dollars in damage
Body found after 2 weeks belonged to 'alien savior,' California woman says
Mystery man found decomposing in car had more than 1200 guns, cash, underwater car
Missouri wildlife staff euthanize bear after someone fed it
Blackface fundraiser planned for Freddie Gray case cops
Man calls 999 to say badger chased him
President of Finland calls a radio show to ask a question about plants, never mentions who he is
Student blows 90k college fund on trips, shopping; blames parents
Michael Jackson wanted to play Jar Jar Binks in 'Star Wars'
Revisiting the Town of the Most Famous Horse Sex Death in Recorded History
"Part alien" LA man found dead, owned 1200 guns and underwater car, believed to be secret agent for government
Homeowner wakes to find intruder eating sandwich
'He was feeding her Fireballs,' 911 caller says in sex-attack case
Meth lab explodes at the National Institute of Standards and Technology
Electronic Sports League to implement anti-doping policy, including drug testing
Electronic Sports League Will Begin Drug Testing for Adderall
Parents Accused of Setting Homeless Man Ablaze With Fireworks as 3 Kids Watched
That's poo for the course - golf club tormented by dirty deposits for the past 10 years
Bag with NZ$1m goes missing at Hong Kong airport
Norwegian golf course plagued by serial pooper
EA to begin drug gamers for PED's
ROBBERY SUSPECT TRIES, AND FAILS, TO DISGUISE HIMSELF WITH PLASTIC BAG
Facekini: The Swimwear Trend That Refuses to Die
Apparently, Medieval-Themed Video Games 'Legitimize' 'White Supremacy'
Massive swarm of grasshoppers and beetles picked up by radar, headed to oklahoma
O'Malley Latest To Apologize For Saying "All Lives Matter"
Blackface performer raising money for Baltimore police
McDonald's customer 'punches employee in face because restaurant has run out of cheeseburgers'
Stop defecating in our markets
French Scrabble champ doesn't speak French
Police: Girl, 5, walked into moving car in Mt. Pleasant Borough
Berlusconi says Vladimir Putin wants him to become Russia's economy minister
Donald Trump Makes Reporters Listen to Mac Miller Song 'Donald Trump'
Sen. Ron Johnson regrets referring to 'idiot inner city kids'
Vancouver police search for 2 men who robbed 7-year-old girl at gunpoint
Man dresses like a superhero to give free haircuts on the street
ISIS is a Bigger Threat Than al-Qaida Says FBI Chief
Do Cell Phones Belong In The Operating Room?
Profession Video Gaming League to Begin PED Testing
Caped coiffeur: Haircutting superhero patrols Toronto streets
How dads duck the night shift: More than half of fathers pretend to be asleep to avoid getting out of bed to look after children
BLM: Pooping cyclist started foothills fire
Rose Township board votes in opposition of proposed youth camp
Passengers post oxygen mask selfies as plane makes emergency landing
Burglar hides under bed for days while owner home, charges 4 phones, cops say
President Barack Obama admits: 'I can't rap' Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2015/07/barack-obama-i-cant-rap-120547.html#ixzz3gkfDflJv
President Barack Obama admits: 'I can't rap'
Pooping cyclist started foothills fire
Police: Man breaks into home, hides under bed for 3 days while charging cellphones
Bureaucrats told to provide Rob Nicholson, Canada's Foreign Affairs Minister, 3 terrorism-related statements a week
Help officer! I'm being chased by a BADGER - police release hilarious 999 call
Vicar goes on the run as he is convicted of stealing church funds
Anthony Weiner gets a job handling public relations crises
News » Sucka Free City Supervisor Christensen Offends Chinatown With Sci-Fi Reference
Doctor unable to tell patient if he removed her ovaries
Sony Buys Rights to Make an 'Emoji' Movie - Whatever That Means..
After Drug Scandal, Pro Gaming League Outlines New Anti-Doping Measures
School's former anger management counselor tries to run principal's car off road.
Trigueros del Valle, Spain Gives Dogs And Cats Human Rights.
ESL announces plans to test for PEDs
Swiss Army Airlifts Water to Cows Facing Drought, Hot Weather
Naked, Disoriented Woman Found Wandering Around Disney
Beijing police vanquish foreigners clad as Spartans
Cops disciplined after wrongfully accusing Raiders safety Nate Allen of masturbating in his car
Kuwait announced a 'gay test' for non nationals in 2013 - are there any homosexual westerners that can share any good or bad experiences of working/visiting there?
Pooping cyclist starts brush fire
ICP Announces Alliance With Brony Community; Large Brony Presence Expected At 2015 Gathering Of The Juggalos
El Chapo Puts $100 Million Bounty For Donald Trump Dead Or Alive!
Woman injured in Yellowstone while attempting selfie with bison
Despite 'resclusive' nature, teenage suspect in Broken Arrow mass slayings had fascination with Internet memes, rap music
Police: Home Intruder Hid Under Bed & Charged His Phones for 3 Days
Port Lincoln woman loses licence after crashing car into bottle shop, buying liquor then leaving
Butt-calls aren't private if someone listens on the other end, court finds
Horse may have been fed marijuana before Surrey wedding accident.
Donald Trump at the border: 'I'll win the Hispanic vote'
Whitesburg gun shop owners declare store "Muslim-free"
100 European men dressed as Spartan warriors arrested in China
HBO demands boxer drop his ammo-branded shorts
Retired LAPD Detective Arrested For Allegedly Robbing Five Banks
A Redditor Is Getting Sued by a Car Company for Comments on the Tesla Subreddit
What Ted Cruz gets wrong about 'Star Trek'
Plus size model graces the cover of a women's running magazine
Dead LA man who had 1,200 guns identified, is 'part alien'
Pee on these S.F walls? Be prepared for them to pee back
Suspected Meth Lab Explodes in U.S. Government Building
Rescuers free man with head stuck in hotel exercise machine
Two Arrested On Drug Charges After Selling Dirt As Heroin
Man shits, starts forest fire.
No humans allowed at Japan's first cafe exclusively for stuffed animals
Target sues 'hero' who helped save teen girl from stabbing inside Pa. store: report
Man Opened Fire on Party After No One Would Sing 'Happy Birthday' to His Girlfriend
City of Windsor Files Noise Complaint Against City of Detroit Over Loud Music
Geniuses Representing Universal Pictures Ask Google To Delist 127.0.0.1 For Piracy
Hero Artist Reimagined Disney Princesses with Period Stains to Help Put an End to Period-Shaming
E-Sports to begin testing for PEDs
James Franco Has Written A 100-Page Book About Lana Del Rey
Almond Breeze Is Being Sued for Containing Almost No Almonds
Angry Man Complains About NBC's Gay Logo Change, Doesn't Realize Nothing Changed
Brain-eating amoeba in St. Bernard Parish water system
Christmas Grinch stolen from Dr Seuss gallery in Melbourne
California Senate candidate: "We're all going to die"
Pastor Convinces Followers His Penis Contains 'Holy Milk': Makes Them Drink His Semen
Donald Trump, at Mexican Border, Claims Close Ties to Hispanics
Young says he accidentally voted yes on bill he opposes
Deepsea Challenger submersible catches fire on I-95
Man gets out of jail after pretending to be cellmate, police say
Entire species found piled in shipping crate
Vinhomes Riverside hoa anh đào với thiết kế độc đáo
Ex-cop to perform in blackface at fundraiser for indicted Baltimore officers
Danish Music Festival To Turn Urine Into Beer
'My dad is a jerk!' 22-year-old 'brat' blows $90,000 college fund on vacations and clothes and attacks her parents for refusing to use their retirement fund to bail her out
'When You Gotta Go, You Gotta Go': Pooping Cyclist Blamed for Idaho Wildfire
Wanted: polar bear spotter - must have good eyesight
"Alleged New Jersey burglar hides under bed for 3 days" (during this time he proceeded to charge his four cellphones...)
Bison gores woman attempting selfie at U.S. park
Alleged New Jersey burglar hides under bed for 3 days
Saga of hanging dildos continues amid report of stolen box of sex toys
SWEDISH NATIONALISTS PLAN GAY PRIDE MARCH THROUGH MUSLIM AREA: LEFT IS OUTRAGED
Anime nerds trying to Google bomb ISIS
French tobacconists dump four tonnes of carrots on street in cigarette protest
Dead RAW officer Raman returns to question death sentence to 1993 Bombay blasts convict Yakub Memon [Misleading Headline]
Cows 'should wear flourescent jackets and strings of lights' at night, council says
UK: Cows should wear fluorescent jackets and flashing lights at night
Philippines won't let Chris Brown leave.
Forget doping, Greg LeMond thinks Tour de France riders could be cheating with tiny motors
WSU Researchers Find US breast milk is glyphosate free
Electronic Sports League to begin random drug tests
Michael Jackson wanted to play Jar Jar Binks in Star Wars prequels
'Killer' seagulls top the pecking order for a media frenzy
Student blows through $122k university fund, blames parents
Thanks to 'Pixels,' it's game over for Adam Sandler's career
Ikea safety alert in US after two children killed by MALM drawers
Michael Jackson could've been Jar Jar Binks in 'Star Wars'
Chris Brown begs to be able to leave the Philippines in an online video
Pooping Cyclist Blamed for 73 Acre Idaho Wildfire
Silvio Berlusconi claims he received an offer from Putin to become Russia's economy minister
Dead LA man who had 1,200 gun Cache says he was a Secret CIA Alien Hybrid Agent sent to save the world
Ted Cruz: 'Star Trek's Captain Kirk was probably a Republican
2 Investigators: Creepy Clown Trespasses At Chicago Cemetery, In Dead Of Night
Barclays' Do Give Away The Right And Up-To-Date Foreign Exchange Rates
Woman crowned 'Miss Charming' by Russian football league stripped of title for neo-Nazism
Obama: 'My rapping skills are terrible'
Electronic Sports League starts random drug testing
Hispanics love me, Trump declares at Mexican border
Blackface Show Benefitting Officers Indicted In Freddie Gray Death Nixed
"It was just a prank," Couple arrested after allegedly setting homeless man on fire
NBA player faces money crunch
Frigid offices, freezing women, oblivious men: An air-conditioning investigation
"Won't Be Caught" Thief Has Many Collars
When Bill Cosby wanted Quaaludes, he turned to this gynecologist
John Bercow claimed £367 for going to Luton to talk about expenses scandal
Dead LA gun stash owner described as alien hybrid, government spy by girlfirend
eSports proves it's a real sport, starts testing players for performance-enhancing drugs
Two Canadian weathermen arrested, blamed for Newfoundland's coldest July in over 20 years
Md. woman says she was stopped by police 'for looking Latina'
Kerry told Iranians: 'Death to America' chants are 'pretty stupid'
Look at this old gem I found a while ago
Hot reptile in the city? Alligator spotted crossing N.Y. street
New Gawker will be '20 percent nicer,' Denton tells staff
Walmart selling "smart" infant car seat to remind parents there is a baby in the car (and to not leave it inside to die)
Milwaukee man shoots, injures dog, mistakenly believing it was lion reported in neighborhood
Montreal Is Hosting A Naked Nighttime Bike Ride This Summer
Someone made a gay Thai porn version of Jurassic World
WATCH: Erotic Gay Jurassic Park Parody Raises Deep Existential Questions
Pornhub: Millennials Masturbate To My Little Pony Porn
Border twist: Men arrested smuggling marijuana from El Paso to Juárez
Patrick Stewart Backs Drones That Collect Whale Snot
Delivery driver throws pizzas at would-be robber; suspect identified
Ex-Summit Pointe CEO sent $510K to palm reader. Summit Pointe is a mental health services provider.
Cyclist's secret forest poop causes 73-acre Idaho wildfire
New urine resistant walls in San Francisco shoot pee back
Man Jailed After Murdering Girlfriend in Row Over Pet Lobster
Kerala policeman unzips fly to intimidate journalist
Bills Asked LeSean McCoy To Take Down His Ad For Creepy 'Females Only' Party, Because It Used Their Logo
Beijing Cops Arrested Some Foreign Models Dressed as Scantily Clad Salad-Slinging Spartans
US 'to boost' military aid to Israel after Iran nuclear deal
Branko Lustig: 'Schindler's List' Producer Donates Oscar To Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial
Bill Cosby Asked an Agency to Supply Him With Broke, Out-of-Town Models
Non-Mormon faux holiday 'Pie and Beer Day' gains traction
Huge Nicolas Cage bouncy castle set to tour the world: "Inside the 'Nicolas Cage in a Cage' attraction, visitors can jump around, hug or punch the giant inflatable sculpture of the actor."
A cyclist stops to poop, ends up starting wildfire
Planned Parenthood uses Minions movie in its defense
Sepp Blatter is a victim, claims Russia 2018 chief executive
Video Gaming League To Start Drug Testing
Four-legged snake fossil stuns scientists - and ignites controversy
Ian Flanders: BASE Jumper Dies While Filming Documentary About The Dangers Of BASE Jumping
CEO Erv Brinker paid $510k to a psychic palm reader for mental health services.
Cyclist had to poop, starts wildfire
Four-legged snake was surprise find
Drug Testing Is Coming to E-Sports
Elk Grove Village McDonald's served rag in a burger wrapper, couple says
VMA Feud Divides Cat People and Now We're All Involved
Air conditioning in your office is sexist. True story
Blotter: 19-year-old tries to steal eye drops, found to have marijuana
The Electronic Sports League is Going to Start Drug Testing its Players
Robert Allenby fires caddie Mick Middlemo mid-round after dispute
The Celebrity Breast-feeding Photos You Absolutely Have To See
Counter-protesters join kimono fray at MFA
World's largest e-sports organisation to implement anti-doping programme
Video gamers face tournament drug tests
Saudi king is headed to the French Riviera for a summer vacation with 1,000 of his closest friends, and locals are outraged
Feminist Author Demands that Men Pay Her for Being Their Friend
"Teledildonics" patent used to sue six nascent cybersex companies
Bear eats 20 pounds of dog food, falls asleep
Virtual PE Classes Headed to NC Classrooms
$188M lottery winner cited for drug possession
Meryl Streep Learned to Shred on Guitar Until She Bled for 'Ricki and the Flash' (Exclusive Clip)
Pastor Commands Congregation to Eat Live Snake That Allegedly Turns Into Chocolate; Gets Arrested for Animal Cruelty
A mystery vegetable thief has been shamed into returning a gardener's pride and joy - his giant onion
Prison For Shooter Of 3 Women Who Wouldn't Sing 'Happy Birthday'
Bison attacks woman who was trying to take a selfie with it
As of July 1, 2015, citizens of Chicago who enjoy their Netflix, Spotify, Pandora, Amazon Prime, Xbox Live, and/or PlayStation Network subscriptions are now subject to the city's 9 percent "Amusement Tax" for the privilege. (x-post /r/technology)
Female Atlanta Braves fans hand man a note telling him his wife is cheating after 'seeing her sexting another man' over her shoulder during baseball game
The former CEO of a mental health facility in Michigan was charged today with fraud and embezzlement, including $510,000 he allegedly sent to a psychic palm reader "under the guise of health care consulting"
Washington Man Sentenced for Stabbing Rampage After Cat Died
Rogue Dairy Queen has been ignoring corporate HQ since 1949
'Star Wars': Michael Jackson Wanted to Play Jar Jar Binks, Says Ahmed Best
Thief steals dying woman's decorative ducks
Is Office Air Conditioning A Sexist Conspiracy?
Racist guy Says He's Not Racist
Homeless man arrested after pulling out machete during argument over street corner
Mumford and Sons' banjoist is making techno as Tech No Notice
'GUILTY AS SIN' Hillary Clinton and her pantsuit are likely headed to prison over email scandal | CANONCLAST
Pee-Repellent Going on San Fran buildings. "When people urinate on the wall, the pee bounces back and hits your pants or gets you wet,"
Wal-Mart to sell car seat that will help prevent children left in hot cars
Dennis Rodman endorses Donald Trump for president
Florida Woman Tweets Looking for Weed Sheriff's Department Tweets Back
Pro gaming league to implement drug testing
Well-Off Baby Boomers Know How To Binge Drink, Too
Parents So Mad At New Racist Atticus Finch They've Renamed Their Baby
NBA star says he'll 'push through' and survive on $6.9 million salary
Las Vegas appliance repair GE, Samsung, LG, Kenmore, Frigidaire
Jdate Sues Competitor Jewish Dating App For Using The Letter "J"
5 activists arrested for trying to stop 250 whales being stabbed to death in Faroe Island
Ex-Guantanamo Bay detainee who wrote "Innocent at Guantanamo", arrested in Belgium for terrorist activities
I am not Drake's ghostwriter, says alleged Drake ghostwriter
A Meth Lab Exploded Inside a Government Building
Wisconsin cops can now pull you over for breaking imaginary laws
Three Sea Shepherd Crew members Arrested; Another Two Detained For Attempting To Save 250 Whales
Houston magazine to its racist readers: 'You're fired'
Jiangsu prostitution ring busted, women found faking virginity using eel blood
Prison That Held 'El Chapo' is Replica of One He Broke Out of Earlier
Girls forced to prostitute, fake virginity with eel blood
Competitive video-gaming organization to start drug testing
Dennis Rodman endorses Donald Trump: 'We don't need another politician'
Alien Jesus cult 'has secret Loch Ness base'
Putin makes Kyrgyz girl's wish come true, gives rare dog as gift
Slovak Levies has more than 100 members organised into 16 units. It runs military training courses to prepare members for possible attack against the country. At the same time, its members help during natural disasters, offer hiking tours and help with environmental projects.
Female office workers cold, men oblivious
Man bites dog walker on face in random attack
Donald Trump doesn't need the RNC because Dennis Rodman has his back
Wyoming Man Found With 30 Eyeballs In His Anal Cavity
Cyclist had to poop, starts a wildfire
Sanders Sponsors $15 Per Hour Minimum Wage Bill, Pays Interns $12 Per Hour
Windsor Writes Letter to Detroit, Complaining About Noise At Night
The CEO of a mental health company in Michigan has been charged with embezzling more than $500,000 of company money to send to a psychic
Swarming Mayflies Force Closure of Iowa Bridge
Woman stabbed with fork over last rib at BBQ place
Suspected Meth Lab Explodes At National Institute Of Standards & Technology
Minnesota woman runs over boyfriend, stops to apologize, leaves scene
Meth lab explodes inside a US government building
Australian politician spends $21000 on flights promoting austerity measures when regular trip costs $809
Meth Lab Discovered inside US Government Building Following Explosion
Landscaper Accused Of Laughing As He Mowed Over Ducklings
Man faces bigamy charges after getting married while he's already married
Cop Tried To Shoot This Dog For Barking But He Accidentally Shot Himself Instead
Florida Man Ordered by City to Keep BBQ Smell From Leaving His Property
Stone laid By Messi in Gabon "Kidnapped"
Man dons Knights Templar costume to scare away Muslims from New York military recruiting center
Man faces bigamy charges after getting married while he is already married
Defense Dept. Asks Armed Civilians to Stop Guarding Recruiters
South Carolina Woman Gets Life Sentence After Hit Man Kills Wrong Person
America's youngest convicted killers scheduled to be released
Josh Smith Claims $6.9 Million Salary with Clippers Will Be 'Harder' on Family
Kenya welcomes President Obama home
Club Statement | Response to seagull issue at Pittodrie
Murderer father admits to having killed another boy for 'hidden treasure' in Raisen, say police
Study: Aging '80s Metal Fans Doing Better Than Everyone
Dennis Rodman Endorses Donald Trump
Electronic sports league says it will start random drug testing
Extremely Horny Woman Caught Having Sex With The Ground
Insane Clown Posse invites Bronies into Juggalo family?
2 animal-rights activists arrested in multi-state crime spree
After 98 years, Converse is finally making Chucks comfortable.
"Eight hundred low-paid workers armed with cell phones would take up positions throughout the terminal. If anyone smelled smoke or saw a fire, he would alert the airport fire station and direct passengers toward the exits." - Rainer Schwarz, former airport CEO
Man wears Knights Templar costume to scare away Muslims from US military recruiting center
US National Rifle Association calls for ban on 'cinemas'
Valet gives Grandmaster Flash's car to someone else
Scottish man accidentally fingers own mum after buckfast binge
Alabama Man Is Sick Of Hearing About Caitlyn Jenner, Shoots TV
Warren Truss Claimed $21K for Canberra - Brisbane Flight to Speak On "Age of Entitlement"
Today's Google Doodle Celebrates the Special Olympics World Games
muslim man killed by donkey he was about to rape
Josh Smith claims 6.9 million dollar contract is going to be "hard" on family
Texas Police Officers Shut Down Girls' Lemonade Stand Because They Didn't Have A Permit
what causes bph,signs of bph,bph signs and symptoms
Josh Smith discusses how 6.9 million dollar contract will be "hard" on family.
'I felt a strong force holding me down': Chinese woman sits on toilet for two-and-a-half YEARS
'It's OK for a man to hide and watch the woman bathe': Egyptian cleric permits voyeurism if the male's intentions are 'pure'
Chinese Woman 'Stuck' On Toilet Seat For Over 2 Years Finally Leaves Porcelain Throne
Man arrested for attacking man who urinated on his carpet
Satanic statue to be revealed in Detroit on Saturday
Man shoots 3 people a total of 24 times for not singing "Happy Birthday" to male friend.
@nytimes: Officials at Yellowstone National Park want visitors to stop taking selfies near bison
Man shoots 3 people a total of 24 times for not singing "Happy Birthday"
A Study Says Drinking Mimosas in the Sun Will Slowly Kill You
Donald Trump Earns All-Important Dennis Rodman Endorsement
Art project goes wrong, leaves woman upside down naked hanging from a tree for 20 minutes
Florida man told his BBQ smell may not waft out of his yard, according to county law
Exxon Guyana oil find could be 12 times larger than nation's GDP
Northeastern Indiana man no jail time for binding, burying man in hole
Italian politician: 'Gay people should just change gender if they want to get married'
Josh Smith says his $6.9 million salary will make life "harder" for his family
Harrison Ford visits Indonesia. Yells at Minister over environmental record, income inequality, influence of corporations in politics
A Confused Black Bear Broke Into This Alaska Zoo
Former NBA superstar Dennis Rodman endorses Donald Trump
Those Random Things From The Past Will Put Time In Perspective | fighter.rocks http://fighter.rocks/sbyhw-90s-kids-after-seeing-this-gallery-you-gonna-feel-so-old
KFC's 'Memories Bucket' prints photos from your smartphone because why the heck not?
Are fish getting high on cocaine?
Couple finds a dirty rag in place of McDonald's hamburger
Woman sues over lack of avocado in "guacamole"
Chris Christie: I'd replace cancelled tunnel if elected president
Twitter is deleting stolen jokes on copyright grounds
Serial pooper has been targeting golf course for 10 years
Body of missing Alabama man found inside his own freezer
Springfield man claims he was fired for flying confederate flag
Berlin Leftists' New Target: Barbie Dreamhouse
Xbox One Kills Teen After Console Forcefully Ejected A Disc, Slicing His Throat
Wild Animal Found Roaming NYC Streets Has Police Asking 'What's Next?
Woman becomes worlds richest for few minutes
Ed Sheeran Once Pooped Pants Onstage
Woman finds suitcase full of puppies in dumpster
HOW TO BREAK UP WITH YOUR GIRLFRIEND
Hawk rescued after cannonballing into pool
Chief Keef's Hologram Is Banned From Chicago, But Will Play At Secret Location
Male nipples become tools of 'sexual harassment' during summer, complain Japanese women
"Britain government has been releasing potentially dangerous chemicals and micro-organisms over vast swaths of the population without the public being told." - What in the hell? So the chemtrail conspiracy theorists were right all along?
Some Members of "Veterans For Trump" Coalition Not Actually For Trump
Bounty Hunter 'Dog' Chapman: El Chapo is 'out of my league'
Coward Jihadi John flees to Syria fearing ISIS have no further use for him
ISIS executioner 'Jihadi John' is now running from ISIS
Banned By Chicago Mayor, Chief Keef Says Hologram Show Will Go On In A Secret Location
بث مباشر مباراة برشلونة ومانشستر يونايتد اليوم 25/7
Chief keefs hologram is banned from Chicago
Robber gets robbed right after he robbed a store.
Light Skinned Teen Commits Suicide After Learning Drake Does Not Write His Own Rap Lyrics
The Economist explains What emoji are
Universal's agents send Google a censorship demand for "127.0.0.1"
Woman handed drink-driving ban for pushing car to safety
Canadian Journalist Faces Jail Time for Calling Government Agency 'Crazy'
A 'dinosaur' was found in this woman's ultrasound
Phantom 'golf hole pooper' strikes again in Norway
Study finds traces of cocaine, other illegal drugs in Ontario drinking water
Rapper Chief Keef's hologram banned from Chicago
Niverville family says glass table 'exploded' in their home
Starbucks bans local man for life for defending handicapped
Teen commits suicide after learning that Drake does not write his own lyrics
Chatham man charged with impaired driving while on lawnmower
Dick Cheney Kicking Back, Watching TV Coverage Of 9/11
A woman says praying behind the wheel with her head down caused a crash that broke a woman's neck who was trying to get her grandchildren out of her car.
Pro Athletes Won't Stop Harassing Porn Stars
Man admits decapitating woman and two dogs, then cuts off his arm and gouges out his own eye.
Demi Moore 'Shocked' Over Drowned Man in Swimming Pool
Robber gets robbed and complains to the police for being robbed
Mexico's masked hero making streets safe - for pedestrians
Pool Fire at Cosmopolitan Hotel of Las Vegas Fueled by Cabanas, Artificial Plants, Fire Dept. Says
STARNES: Naked Tree Huggers Mount Eucalyptus Trees
Josh Smith Discusses His Upcoming Struggle To Survive On $6.9 Million
Josh Smith Claims $6.9 Million Salary with Clippers Will Be 'Harder' on Family | Bleacher Report
Someone set up a GoFundMe to help Josh Smith support his family | Sporting News
Study: White Americans Are Biggest Terror Threat in U.S.
Guy's Attempt To Take Rattlesnake Selfie Ends With $153,000 Bill
Traces of cocaine, other illicit drugs found in Ontario water's supply
'He Could Have Been Working for Anyone,' Attorney Says of Mystery Man With Palisades Weapons Cache
Jihadi John 'abandons Isis in fear of his life'
'Jihadi John' allegedly flees Islamic State, fears he too will be beheaded
Australian Right-To-Die Doctor Will Gas Audiences on Television Show To Model Peaceful and Reliable Means of Death
Pooping cyclist creates brush fire
Schumer: Worst Yet to Come for Egg Prices if Proposed Budget Cuts Go Through
Police: Man hid under bed for 3 days at ex-girlfriend's home
Man Arrested for Standing in Front of Car and Masturbating in McDonald's Drive-Thru
San Francisco combats the stench of urine with pee-repellant paint
How an author is turning her fear of sharks into a graphic novel
Creepy clown caught on camera at Chicago cemetery
Meet the Guy Who's Protesting a Maryland Theater's Production of "The Producers."
This Little Owl Faced Off With a Sheriff's Deputy and Totally Won
Genocide in America :(
Executioner 'Jihadi John' flees ISIS fearing for his own head - report
Home invasion suspect to praying victim: 'I believe in Jesus, too'
Chief Keef's hologram concert shut down by police in Hammond
At Anti-Bullying Conference, Middle Schoolers Learn About Lesbian Strap-On Anal Sex, Fake Testicles
Ohio woman literally let Jesus take the wheel and literally crashed.
Climate scientist fears murder by hitman
Denied more Bollywood songs, wedding guests murder groom's father
Man falls off bike, chokes to death on hard candy during motorcycle lesson in Queens
Perspective needed on 'killer seagulls' debate, says expert
Swedish nationalists plan gay 'pride' march through Muslim areas of Stockholm The event, organized by former editor of far-right Sweden Democrats' newspaper, draws left-wing ire on social media, spurs planned counter-demonstration.
Saudi King's Riviera Beach Ban Sparks Protest
Farmer chases refund over Rex the cattle dog who won't go near cattle
Scientists create low-methane rice
U.S. war dogs serve with honor, but don't get retiree health care.
Act of love for America must have had liberals throwing up all over the place as Tennessee shoppers sing national anthem inside Walmart
Tabatha Lee Grooms arrested after boyfriend refuses sex
Wellington, in central NSW, nicknamed 'South Pole' for alarming ice habit
Iceland's Pirate Party Wins Repeal Of Blasphemy Law
Walmart introduces a car seat designed to save children from dying in hot cars
U.S. Navy recruiter shoots himself in leg in Georgia
I Fkin Love Emma Watson | chersel.com http://chersel.com/sc3y6-i-fkin-love-emma-watson
A Scientific Analysis Of The Autoblow Vaginal Beauty Contest
Man in clown costume at cemetery startles couple
1 car, 2 DUIs after passenger jumps in driver's seat
Nazis eat falafel in secret, artists claim - The Local
Father Upset Over 'Inside Out' Sadness Doll's 'Suicidal Remarks'
This cash trasit van driver in Galway had a very, very bad day.
Washington Post: AIR CONDITIONING Is 'Big, Sexist Plot'
Home News World Swedish nationalists plan gay 'pride' march through Muslim areas of Stockholm
San Francisco starts using 'pee-proof' paint to stop public urination
Trump still tops Republican polls
White pitbull mistaken as lion and shot in Milwaukee, WI
Gunshot victim dropped off at Florida Walmart instead of hospital
Florida man gets year in jail for running over 9 ducklings with a lawnmower
Rodney Todd Posthumously Awarded "Father of the Year"
"Lion-like animal" apparently slips out of contained area
Mother's Ultrasound Reveals More Than Her unborn Child, Mysterious Dinosaur Womb-Mate Baffles Couple
Cops and bar owners team up to help Brooklyn hipsters stay safe
Accused of tweeting while white, Dawkins immediately punished for asking how we can help oppressed Muslim women
Satanists unveil sculpture in Detroit after rejection at Oklahoma capitol
Swedish Artist Created Cups and Saucers Out of Comics and Old Books
Poll: Trump leads GOP presidential fiels
Ohio Woman Won't Hook Up With Cousin So He Lit Her House On Fire
'Jihadi John' fears IS no longer needs him, goes on run from group: report
Goalmouth bee swarm halts kick-off at Oldham Athletic
Members of the Satanic Temple unveiled a statue of a goat-headed winged statue in Detroit on Saturday night
More Dawkins bashing - *sigh*
Surgeons Grow New Face For Chinese Burn Victim... On Her Chest
Burned Chinese teen has face grown on chest
3D Bottle Caps Will Let You Test Bacteria In Milk
Airline captain 'who calls himself the naughty pilot invites ex-porn star into the cockpit, gives her champagne and lets her sit on his knee
Pentagon: Poor testing led to Army shipping live anthrax
Hologram performance by Chief Keef is shut down by police
Bernie Sanders to 1v1 Ted Cruz
College Newspaper Clarifies: We're Not Transphobic for Calling Tampons a 'Women' Thing
Man with "Groundhog Day" amnesia relives day at the dentist over and over
The Merchant Hotel launches new luxury water menu with prices up to £26
Huckabee: Obama marching Israel to 'door of the oven'
Harvard study has Dolphins topping Patriots, winning AFC East | NFL | Sporting News
Snoop Dogg Detained in Sweden on Suspicion of Drug Use, Vows to Never Return
Bernie Sanders Demands $15 Per Hour Minimum Wage, Pays His Own Interns $12 PER HOUR
DUI on a lawnmower
Bernie Sanders wants to mandate a $15 minimum wage - but he only pays his interns $12
Bernie Sanders Introduces Bill for $15 Minimum Wage, Pays Staff Only $12
British Politician Resigns After Video Shows Him Snorting Cocaine With Prostitutes
Bernie Sanders Wants $15 Minimum Wage, But Only Pays His Interns $12
Oklahoma man gives fatal atomic wedgie
Donald Trump is GOP frontrunner in a new CNN poll
Dad Wants Sadness Doll From Disney-Pixar's 'Inside Out' Recalled Due To Expressing Suicidal Thoughts
'This Disney doll has suicidal thoughts': Father's anger after 'Sadness' toy from new film Inside Out says phrases like 'Goodbye friendship, hello loneliness' and 'I'm in an emotional slump'
Fallout 4's lead writer is the guy behind 'arrow to the knee'
Missouri man kills father by lying on his head to 'prove a point'
Europe just invested over $380 million in an alien-hunting space mission to Jupiter
Man defecates in forest and starts 73-acre wildfire.
Health, NewsWorld's first 'test-tube baby' reveals her mother received blood-splattered HATE MAIL when she was born - including a letter containing a plastic foetus
Rick Perry: Let us take our guns to the movies
Cyclist's potty break leads to Idaho wildfire
Gay Drones Carrying Malware to Infect Straight Male Computers with Gay Websites
Chief Keef Hologram Concert Shut Down By Police
MLS Match Delayed By Sprinklers Again
LeBron James Exposed Penis -- Triggered FCC Complaints ... 'It Ruined My Tinder Date'
Pee-Resistant Paint Covers Walls To Combat Public Urination
Hillary Clinton: A Young Black Man In A Hoodie Still Causes Fear
Meet the Young Artists Creating a K-Pop Boy Band with No Korean Members
Woman accused of slapping 72-year-old grandmother over Facebook snub
Huckabee: Iran nuclear deal will march Israelis 'to the door of the oven'
Love it as a beach malfunction
Footballers' union boss gets £2 million a year pay rise which means he earns more than the Premier league stars
Students see rise in SAT scores, but drop in number of black students taking test concerns officials.
Virginia man orders chicken at Bojangles, finds $4500 instead
Florida man dies after getting stuck in a cat door
Hillary Clinton: Let's Be Honest, Black Men In Hoodies Are Scary
How the CIA Turned a Sex Doll Into a Spy Trick
Leavittsburg fire spreads from garage to two houses; family suspects arson
Parents anger after their child is found screaming in 'body bag' restraint at the dentist office - See more at: http://www.georgianewsday.com/news/343483-parents-anger-after-their-child-is-found-screaming-in-body-bag-restraint-at-the-dentist-office.html#sthash.TBZZQjRT.dpuf
Catholic priests to leave Antarctica because of the decline in church-goers.
Snoop Dogg held in Sweden on "suspected drug use"
Obama: 'I'm the first Kenyan-American to be president'
Man who suffered agonizing rattlesnake bite when he tried to take a selfie with the reptile slapped with $153,000 bill for his treatment
Candy Crush Saga is Coming to Windows 10
Rick Perry: Allowing Guns In Movie Theaters Would Prevent Shootings
New Show Paints Pastor as Homosexual Pothead
To Weed Out Protesters at Last Night's Event, The Satanic Temple Had Attendees Transfer Their Souls to Satan
Black cop killed by white officer: Horror in East Harlem as off-duty rookie is shot pursuing suspect
Police fail to catch slow-moving roller joyriders
Rick Perry calls for more guns in cinemas following Lafayette shooting
Search for 43 missing students in Mexico turns up corpses of at least 129 other people
Truck driver causes fatal accident, steals ambulance
Snoop Dogs HILARIOUS explanation for Swedish drug bust!
Cows on track derail passenger train in Kent UK
Cows derail train in Kent
Who Has Better Manners, India's PM Modi or Prabhas?
Snoop: Sweden drug search was profiling, I'm not coming back
This supermarket robbery was 'brought to you by Coca-Cola'
Waitress fired, restaurant owner sorry after customers labeled 'black couple' on receipt
Man survives 18m steel rod piercing through his body
Obama Cracks Birther Joke in Kenya
US, Turkey seek to establish ISIS-free zone
British Lord Seen Snorting White Powder, Partying Semi-Nude
Toronto men arrested - twice - and charged with stealing $1,800 worth of meat
Six seriously injured as bus roof ripped off while passing under low bridge in Lille, France
Kanye West says Caitlyn Jenner transition is 'the strongest thing to happen in our existence'
Avril Lavigne debuts new single at Special Olympics ceremony
Cops Kill Concert Because Rapper Chief Keef's Hologram Somehow Threatens Public Safety
Mexico missing students: Search uncovers 60 mass graves
Cheating Wife Reportedly Busted While Sexting At A Baseball Game
Obama Busts A Move On The Dance Floor In Kenya (VIDEO)
Insert a title for the sharing snippet
Couple finds a dirty rag instead of a McDonald's cheeseburger
20-year-old throws tantrum in the street after her father refuses to buy her a smartphone
Josh Smith claims that new $6.9 million salary will be hard for family to live off of
Khloé Kardashian Says No One Was Doing Cocaine at Kendall and Kylie Jenner's Graduation Party
CNN guest explains how to 'appropriately' fire back during a theater shooting
Khloe Kardashian: No one did cocaine at Kendall and Kylie Jenner's party
Police think even a holographic Chief Keef concert is too risky
Hologram rapper shut down by police
Judge bans N.J. woman for life from every Walmart in America
Witch Solves Silicon Valley's Biggest Tech Issues By Ridding Computers And Smartphones Of 'Evil Spirits'
'Terrified' Jihadi John allegedly flees Islamic State fearing the same fate as his victims
Drug dealer from the West Midlands refuses to appear in court because he can't understand the Welsh accent
Tia Nelson Says Efforts to Defund Science in Wisconsin is "Irresponsible to the Extreme"
Georgia sues man for posting annotated state laws online
Did HBO accidentally reveal Jon Snow's fate with this Game of Thrones toy line?
UK MPs tried atleast 247,000 times to visit a porn site last year
Man poops and starts wildlife fire.
Women in China have started wearing 'Facekinis' on the beach to keep their skin pale
New York's hippest hotel may be a parked van
Drink driver banned for fourth time after being caught drunk-driving to pub
Man calls police after home is robbed and is arrested after cops find 14 pounds of marijuana
Utah woman hurt in drive-by BB-gun shooting
Florida man who massacred ducklings with mower gets 1 year in jail
Florida man told he must contain all BBQ smell on his property or else stop BBQing
Snoop Dogg: I was racially profiled by Swedish police
Hulk Hogan asks why it's okay for President Obama to use the N-word
Beaded One Shoulder Sheer Back Prom Dresses-MIYA
Young Nepalese boy slain in human sacrifice ritual
Gilbert Arenas Banned from Basketball Hoops at County Fair for Winning Too Much
Stretched-earlobe regret fuels surge in cosmetic surgery
Former president and Bharat Ratna Dr APJ Abdul Kalam dies in Shillong
Urine-Proof Paint Returns Fire On Peeing Perps
Gilbert Arenas dominates basketball games at county fair, wins all prizes
Five-year-old boy forced classmate to simulate oral sex at primary school, claims mother
Man stabbed, robbed of $3 or $4 in French Quarter
Killer Seagulls Are Terrorizing Animals in the U.K. and Experts Fear a Baby Might Be Next
Human right advocates maul, detain 2 undercover lawmen
Hulk Hogan Slams Obama Over N-Word
Man posthumously awarded "Father of the Year" after running a generator inside the family home, killing himself and his seven children via carbon monoxide poisoning
Twitter deletes plagiarised jokes for 'copyright infringement'
'Penis shapes' left on road by council workers stun residents
Person Pooping in Holes at Norwegian Golf Course Still at Large
Toronto city councillor starts Twitter war with Philadelphia rapper
New Horizons Conspiracy Theorists Claim Pluto Mission Is A Badly Photoshopped Fake
Rapper's 'hologram' performance shut down by US police
Kenyan Baby Named 'Air Force One Obama'
Report: Person Pooping in Holes at Norwegian Golf Course Still at Large
Two charged with DUI in same car
J.J. Watt has been told he's "terrible" at the Nae Nae. Now, he's recruited kids at the YMCA to teach it to him.
John Boehner Cries During Interview With The Golf Channel
Footage Showing Airline Pilot And Glamour Model Chloe Mafia Flirting In Cockpit At 33,000ft Emerges
Police: Man beaten with vacuum cleaner, girlfriend arrested
Hamptons Police create ride sharing service. Using federal satellite to track down customers. Earning cash for their departments & themselves.
Trump on track to win GOP Hispanic vote: Column
John Boehner cries during Golf Channel interview
Max Verstappen to sit driving test after finishing fourth in Hungary F1 GP
Rogue Dairy Queen makes up own rules for ice cream treats
Could Your Android Phone Be Hacked With a Text?
Didgeridoos - not shotgun - found by police called to 'armed man' report
Former Indian president Dr APJ Abdul Kalam passes away, nation mourns 'Missile Man'
Man charged with arson of his own home
Milwaukee Police go big game hunting after 'fresh' lion sighting
People like Sepp Blatter deserve Nobel prize, Putin tells Swiss TV
Fox News' Elisabeth Hasselbeck says Sandra Bland could have used cigarette as a weapon
Seagulls Are Killing Animals and Experts Fear a Baby May Be Next
'Torso' Found on the Side of the Road Was Actually Just a Brisket
Fox News' Elisabeth Hasselbeck suggests Sandra Bland could have used cigarette as a weapon
People like Blatter deserve Nobel prize, Putin tells Swiss TV
A mystery pooper has been ravaging Norwegian golf course for 10 years
Person 'Run Down by a Cow' in Westford
Hawking, Wozniak And Musk Fight Against Skynet, Back Movement To Ban Autonomous Weapons Systems
People like Blatter deserve the Nobel prize, Putin tells Swiss TV.
Here's What Marijuana Does to Broken Bones
Swiss army makes surprise incursion into France for unusual reason
Half of Cuba men's hockey team defects
Pee-Repellent Walls Soak Public Urinators in San Francisco
Florida man banned for life from Starbucks after dispute with other customers' bad parking, ban later lifted
APJ Abdul Kalam Dies at 83 - Ex-President Collapsed during a speech at IIM
Naked man upsets café customers as promotion goes horribly wrong
What? Is this a real cop from new York?
Snoop Dogg Briefly Held in Sweden on Suspicion of Drug Possession
Maple syrup leak brings traffic delays at Keene roundabout
Skinny, the 41-pound cat abandoned in Dallas, now cuts a svelte figure
Dead Pacific Palisades Man With 1,200 Guns Identified by Fiancee as Secret Agent
Fox Host Insists Sandra Bland Could Have Used Cigarette As Weapon
Ed Sheeran to Play a Medieval Ginger in FX's Bastard Executioner
Watch heated confrontation over Confederate flags in Douglasville
Fifa's Sepp Blatter deserves Nobel prize, says Russia's president Vladimir Putin
PUTIN: Sepp Blatter deserves the Nobel Prize
Russia Plans to Burn Foreign Cheese
Man passes Dallas airport security, boards plane without ticket
Mo. GOP Guv Candidate Identified As Gay Before 'Religious Experience'
Conservative Missouri lawmaker says child abuse made him gay - as a teen
Was wedding horse given marijuana before throwing BC groom?
Husband Suspected of Decapitating Wife, Killing Dogs, Hacking Off Own Arm
Inmate who wants to be called 'Supreme Infinite Knowledge' isn't the only prisoner to request an unusual name change
Methuen police preferred applicants who wouldn't arrest colleagues
Reward Offered to Find Turtle, or a Mate
Vladimir Putin thinks Sepp Blatter deserves to win the Nobel Prize
Vladimir Putin says FIFA Chief Sepp Blatter deserves Nobel Prize
In North Korea, there's a new growth industry: Statues of Kim Jong Il
Brain Eating Amoeba Found in Louisiana Drinking Water
Three-year-old child from London placed in government anti-extremism programme
Christina Fallin living in travel trailer near Governor's Mansion; other family members also home for the summer
Man hops zoo fence, pets cougars
Fair bans former NBA player Gilbert Arenas from carnival games
Mayfly swarm forces Iowa officials to plow bridge
Ray Rice deserves second chance in NFL, says organization to stop violence against women
Georgia Man Cuts Off Penis To Stop Masturbating
Norwegian golf course employees fighting poop bandit
Escort kills 'serial killer' client with his own gun
Sepp Blatter deserves Nobel Prize, says Russian President Vladimir Putin
Lawsuit: Almond Milk Has Almost No Almonds in It
Trial Set for Man Who Threw Banana Peel at Dave Chappelle
Sepp Blatter deserves Nobel Prize says Vladimir Putin
Clinton boards private jet hours after announcing climate change agenda
Woman Solves Arson on Live TV
Cougar petter: "That was a very bad decision."
Boris Johnson 'naughty' for giving wife backie on his bike
Oklahoma Governor, Mary Fallin's daughter (dubbed: Hipster Boo Boo) has moved her travel trailer to the Governor's Mansion and is living there.
FDA bans some Mexican cilantro after feces found in fields
Neighborhood ice cream truck driver arrested wearing only underwear
Attacker killed by West Virginia escort eyed in possible serial murders in 3 states
Catholic university teaches white people about 'whiteness'
Bobby Jindal Calls for States to Follow Louisiana's Example in Toughening Gun Laws
Disgraced FIFA boss Sepp Blatter deserves a Nobel Prize, Russian president Vladimir Putin says
Anchor believes Amazon is worth more than Wal-Mart because Amazon sells sex toys
Why China has fallen in love with a baby radish monster
In Rare Event, Cyclists Plan To Follow Laws
LeSean McCoy wanted Donald Trump to DJ his party
Trump lawyer: he didn't rape Ivana because you "cannot rape your spouse"
Putin: Blatter deserves a Nobel prize
NJ woman banned from all Walmarts calls ruling 'stupid'
Huffington Post writer Janis Powers compares breathalyser test by NZ police to Sandra Bland case
Media freedom: South African government sees how its done in China
Pot pastor refuses to tear down Church of The Holy Smoke tents in White Rock, BC.
Florida Official Tells Resident BBQ Smoke Can't Cross Property Line
Dog The Bounty Hunter Says He Wouldn't Apprehend 'El Chapo'
Australia's koalas are spreading chlamydia
SF Crime Is So Bad Police Need Quad Bikes That Transform Into Jet Skis
China's Richest Billionaires Lost $195 Billion In One Month Amid Stock Market Rout
Among Others: "Famous Actress rumored to have made £64million by prostituting herself"
Putin Says FIFA President Sepp Blatter Worthy of Winning Nobel Prize
Sepp Blatter deserves Nobel Prize for FIFA work, Russia's Vladimir Putin says
Texas Governor Vetoes Mental Health Bill Because He Doesn't Believe Mental Illness Is Real
Rachel Paul Is the Face of Juggalo Feminism
Japanese Journo Splashes Ministry Line Group With XXX Selfie
Obama meets Lucy, an ancient 'ancestor,' in Ethiopia
Swiss army 'steals' French water to help cows
Bent rim stymies obese man's bid to bike across U.S. to lose weight
Swiss army nabs French water to give to cows
Drug dealer refuses to go to court in Wales because he can't understand the accent.
Patients use boxing to fight Parkinson's disease
Former 41-pound fat cat in Texas slims down to 19 pounds
Stoned and Screaming Ice Cream Truck Driver Arrested in Underwear
Ivana once claimed Donald Trump 'violated' her in violent sex attack amid argument over bald patch treatments
Cleveland police union raffling gun to benefit officer involved in shooting
Bald man calls for Hollywood to stop portraying the bald as evil
Pilots Who Fly Drones Into Wildfires Are Idiots. Punish Them.
Man found guilty of drink driving as he drove home from night out to celebrate passing his driving test
Are you funny on Twitter? Soon you might actually be able to profit from it
Tesco to ban Ribena, Capri-Sun and Rubicon to combat childhood obesity.
Man who jumped zoo fence to pet cougars admits 'it was a bad decision'
Ask your toddler: is Bob the Builder having sex with Wendy?
ATM WORKERS FORGET BAG OF CASH, MAN DRIVES OFF WITH $150K
Rapper Chief Keef's Hologram Leads Police to Shut Down Concert
Sepp Blatter deserves the Nobel Prize, Vladimir Putin says
ATM workers forget bag of cash. Random man walks away with $150K.
Don't shoot! Fugitive bank robber recaptured after he stars in horror movie
Rich people, surrounded by other rich people, think America is richer than it really is
'The Chase': Paul Sinha, Aka The Sinnerman, Reveals Chasers Perform Tribal Dance Before Each Recording Of ITV Daytime Quiz Show
YouTube and Google+ are finally splitting up.
Porn websites visited 250,000 times on parliament computers
Elizabeth Hasselbeck suggests Sandra Bland might've attacked arresting officer with her cigarette
Body cam shows intense moment when cop does not shoot
There Might Be Poop On Your Cilantro
Tesco to ban Ribena to tackle obesity
Woman Walking Cat on a Leash Causes Subway Delays
Baphomet Statue Unveiled in Detroit to Shouts of 'Hail Satan,' Satanist Men Kissing
Putin says FIFA president deserves Nobel prize
The terrifying timeline of how a Colorado teen ate a pot cookie and then jumped to his death
English family's four star "holiday from hell": Family was served raw sausages and barely escape serious harm after tiles fell of walls in bathroom at an extravagance Spanish Resort
Stolen Ferrari found buried in backyard
Iowa man named Deez Nuts files paperwork to run for president
How Would You Kill the Tax Code? - Rand Paul
Authorities search longtime Subway pitchman Jared Fogle's home
Hipster Café Really Sorry for Letting Butt-Naked Guy Walk Around Store for an Hour
Washington man arrested after bizarre standoff involving banjo
Migrants landing on the beach during a photo shoot
Drive-by shooting interrupts reporter's live shot about earlier drive-by shooting
Man's selfie with rattlesnake lands him $150K hospital bill
Mississippi school district fined $7500 for opening assembly with prayer
Happy Bartday: Prairieville family celebrates son's second birthday with Morris Bart-themed party
Porn websites visited 250,000 times on UK parliament computers
Alabama Man Caught Having Sex With Pig In WalMart Bathroom
Man arrested after beating up bank
France beats Britain to win first European Quidditch Games
Sarah Palin: Planned Parenthood's logo is worse than the Confederate flag
Fugitive's role in horror film leads to arrest in Olympia
Ice Cream Truck Driver Arrested After Screaming At Children In His Underwear While On Drugs
Iowa dad, son die after being overcome by manure pit fumes
Bank robber on the run recaptured after he was found starring in a horror movie
Gwyneth Paltrow Designed A $1,695 Clutch Honoring Biggie And Tupac
Teenager's nosebleed saves three lives
Straight Pride Parade in Seattle Draws 1 Person.
Fugitive Bank Robber Nabbed While Acting in Horror Movie
[Oklahoma] Governor's daughter is living in trailer connected to the mansion. Does it violate City code?
Experts Fear That Killer Seagulls May Terrorize Babies
Russia's Vladimir Putin Says FIFA's Sepp Blatter Deserves a Nobel Prize
One is the loneliest number at Seattle's first ever "Heterosexual Pride" parade
Elyria Man Arrested After Low-Speed Motorized Scooter Chase
Drive-by shooting interrupts reporter's live shot of another drive-by shooting
Obama Says 'I Could Win' 3rd Term as President
Officer shown tossing peanuts at a homeless man
Exclusive: Officers investigated after inmate is treated like animal
Donald Trump's lawyer said it's legal to rape your spouse.
Employee sacked after being filmed using fruit knife to scrape dead skin at Kopitiam food court
Gull running is latest extreme sport as teens with chips try to outrun vicious birds
Rebecca Townsend of Danbury, Connecticut, USA died after being struck by a car while crossing a street along with her friend, who was seriously injured in the accident
Ohio Man Arrested After Low-Speed Scooter Chase
Firefighter Tells 911 Caller To 'Deal With It Yourself'
Rapper Chief Keef says he's running for mayor of Chicago
German woman wakes up in funeral home hours after being declared dead
Pee-proof: San Francisco trials paint that repels urine
(Oklahoma's) Governor Fallin's daughter living in trailer on grounds of governor's mansion
Fox News' Ainsley Earhardt can't even bear to hear atheist arguments anymore: "I'm so tired of protecting the minority!"
Katie Hopkins proposes euthanasia vans as UK has 'far too many old people'
Man claims to be 'ISIS defender' while being arrested for DUI
American accused of killing Zimbabwe's popular Cecil the lion
In Ethiopia, Obama Hails Democracy Despite Recent Election Where Ruling Party Won 100% of Seats
Governor's daughter living in trailer on mansion property
Coulter Goes Off on Immigrants on 'Hannity': 'There Are No Good Ones'
Ohio woman tells reporter love triangle with cousin led to house fire
Lt.-Col. Mason Stalker, based in Edmonton, faces sex charges
Santa Fe man who threw banana peel at Dave Chappelle insists he's not racist - says he's the real victim
Provocative new study finds bullies have highest self esteem, social status, lowest rates of depression
Labor decision to expel supporters of man-woman only marriage signals new era of intolerance
Obama: 'I think if I ran again I could win'
Urban Meyer, football team honored in butter at Ohio State Fair
Rachel Dolezal is making money by braiding hair and putting in weaves 3 times a week.
SPOILER ALERT! Cindy Cunningham storms police station in her wedding dress in Hollyoaks as she attempts to seduce her daughter's boyfriend
Governor's daughter is living in trailer connected to the mansion. Does it violate City code?
Is the Facekini the Future of Beachwear?
German doctor declared woman dead, she later woke up at her funeral
Sheriff Where Sandra Bland Died Says There's No Racism In His County
Domestic violence prevention group wants Ray Rice to get chance
There Is a Female Coach in the NFL for the First Time Ever
'Death Ray' Skyscraper Stands Accused of Blowing People Over
Portland State University Will Shut Down Political Activity If It's 'Triggering'
Swiss 'sorry' for raiding French lake to help thirsty cows
Scott Walker Foreign Policy Guru Called for Nuking Muslim Countries, Mass Deportations
Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic'
Dispatcher tells 911 caller, 'deal with it yourself'
Pardon Snowden? Nah, White House Says
A Man Brought A Bear Home Thinking It Was A Puppy
Microsoft wants $1.49 a month to remove the ads it shows inside Solitaire on Windows 10
Police: Intoxicated, underwear-clad ice cream man swears at kids
'Fat' Cartoon Characters May Make Children Eat More
CEO shares $27 million with staff after selling his firm
New DEA Leader: Pot Probably Not as Bad as Heroin
Microsoft wants you to pay for Solitaire, again, in Windows 10
NEWS JUN 17 2015, 5:30 PM ET Arkansas Fugitive's 'Run But Can't Hide' T-Shirt Proves Prophetic
The dentist who reportedly killed Cecil the lion is getting absolutely destroyed on Yelp
Arkansas Fugitive's 'Run But Can't Hide' T-Shirt Proves Prophetic
Pregnancies, STDs Bloom in Venezuela's Birth-Control Drought
North Korea Says 'No Americans Will Be Left Alive' if the US Invades
Grease overflow at McDonald's closes portion of road
Off Duty Cop Shoots at Teens Who Rang His Doorbell
Pat Robertson: Sex with Animals and Children to Become Legal Because of Gays
Windows 10 is seriously great
Trooper Kissenger Barreau Did Not Identify Self Before Shooting at Doorbell-Ringing Teens
Man shot over Confederate flag is not racist, friend says
Migrants Jump Off Boat, Run Ashore, During Miami Beach Fashion Shoot
Man seeking $1 million for 'backseat' DWI charge
Middletown woman assaulted man with tuna can
Putin Says Embattled FIFA President Sepp Blatter Is Awesome, Deserves Nobel Prize
Dr. Seuss book explores what came before 'One Fish Two Fish'
Texas Gov Vetoes Mental Health Bill Because He Thinks Psychiatry Is Mind Control
Alicia Silverstone's brother former Taliban captive Bergdahl swept up in Mendocino pot raid
BMW Builds a Self-Driving Car - That Drifts
Firefighters respond to blaze at fire station
A Taxi Service Commission investigator has admitted to using ride sharing app Uber in his private time, despite attempting to have it declared illegal in Australia
Chief Keef For Mayor? Fed Up With Rahm, Rapper Says He Wants To Run Chicago
Rapper Chief Keef Wants To Become Mayor of Chicago
Alicia Silverstone's brother and former Taliban captive Bergdahl swept up in Mendocino pot raid
#CecilTheLion's killer revealed as #AmericanDentist EXCLUSIVE: A Minnesota father of two is discovered to be the hunter who shot dead Cecil - one of Zimbabwe's most loved lions
New study finds bullies have highest self esteem and lowest rates of depression
Internet Attacks Lion Killer With Poisoned Yelp Reviews
Fallin's daughter to move trailer off mansion grounds
Mystery Pooper has tortured golf course for a decade
Shreddies underwear hides your farts with science
[Oklahoma] Gov. Mary Fallin to move trailer her daughter was living in off mansion grounds
Donald Trump says Sarah Palin is a "really special person" who would be great on his presidential cabinet
Donald Trump: 'I'd love' Sarah Palin to serve in admin - CNNPolitics.com
Donald Trump says he'd tap Sarah Palin for a Cabinet post
Dispatcher tells caller, 'deal with it yourself"
Police: Intoxicated, underwear-clad ice cream man drives around swearing at children
Deez Nuts is running for president
Tom Brady claims he smashes his cell phone every 8 months or so.
Woman given 'strong words of advice' after false rape claim - but will not be charged
University of South Wales' London campus closes after no students signed up
Vladimir Putin thinks FIFA's Blatter deserves a Nobel Prize
Naked, banjo-playing Washington man taken into custody after two-hour standoff with police
Former NBA star Vin Baker training to become Starbucks manager
Fashion show for men's underwear reportedly shut down after turning into all-out mosh pit
Detroit-area teens charged with selling iPhone boxes filled with Play-Doh
New Mexico 911 operator tells caller to 'deal with it yourself' after shooting
Former NBA All-Star Vin Baker Working to Become Manager of Starbucks Coffee Shop
Facing corruption scandal, Malaysian PM fires officials investigating him
Florida official tells resident smoke from BBQ 'cannot leave his property'
Former NBA All-Star Vin Baker training to be Starbucks manager
Employee Sent Home After Shorts From Her Own Store Deemed 'Too Revealing,' She Says
University of Bath gull-scaring Eagle Owl given library card
Justin Turner Out With Pimple On Leg
JCPenney Employee Sent Home for Wearing "Too Short" Shorts - That She Bought at JCPenney
Oklahoma Governor's Daughter Will Move Trailer Home Off Mansion Grounds
A company is now selling "flatulence filtering" underwear - that is, underwear that will absorb your farts
Former NBA All-Star Vin Baker now works at Starbucks | Sporting News
Why is the US still using a Nazi tall ship?
Detroit Teens Try to Pass Off Play Doh Bricks as iPhones
What to Do with a Baby | VICE | Canada
Man named "Butt Naked" shot in the butt.
Gov. Rick Scott as environmental champion? Yes, says foundation headed by developer
Norwegian Golf Course Still Searching For The Person Who Has Been Pooping in Their Holes Since 2005.
Arab female bodybuilder looks abroad for recognition
Torso Found on Side of Road Was Just a Brisket
The Strange, Sad Story of the Man Named Mr. Hands Who Died from Having Sex with a Horse.
The Creator of Pepe the Frog Talks About Making Comics in the Post-Meme World
Rich people, surrounded by other rich people, think the U.S. is richer than it really is
Europe's 'Jewish Olympics' Kicked Off in a Berlin Stadium Built by Hitler
Man Stabs Neighbor After Asking Him to Lower TV Volume
Jon Stewart made secret trips to the White House to advise Obama administration
Welcome To Maryland, Where Your Brisket Is Mistaken For A Dead Body
Kenyan babies named after Air Force One
Hospital to Replace Doctors With Parents Who Have Done Their Research
Leading scientists call for ban on killer robots
Sausage-addicted kookaburra too fat to fly
Black child's birthday party interrupted by white men with Confederate flags
China News: Director of the Bureau of Corruption Prevention Arrested for Corruption
English man refuses to be sentenced in Wales due to thick accents
Trump lawyer apologizes for controversial rape remark
Donald Trump's lawyer threatens reporter over ex-wife's allegations: 'You cannot rape your spouse'
Sweden far-right plans gay parade in mainly Muslim area
Action Movies 2015 Full Movie English • Best Action - Full Movies - Come...
German Doctor Declared Woman Dead, She Later Woke Up
Placebo ruined my life: Child star of rock album cover sues band for damages claiming the picture led him to be bullied, drop out of school and become unemployed
Former Roar 'keeper says AFL star Adam Goodes should be 'deported'
Swede used 40Gbps internet connection to dry laundry
Canada Revenue Agency says 'preventing poverty' not allowed as goal for charity
Australian Preacher Claims He's Jesus Christ, Calls Pope Francis the 'Anti-Christ'
Lots on offer at the Muff Festival
Ma is Governor now, pull up the trailer to the mansion and hook er up!
Clinton ducks Keystone question, says she will give an answer when she's president
SOMEONE HAS BEEN SHITTING IN THE HOLES OF A NORWEGIAN GOLF COURSE FOR TEN YEARS
Please don't let children watch 'Ted 2,' adults ask theaters
University of South Wales' London campus closes with no students after one year - at a cost of £750,000 to the taxpayer, say reports
Professional Australian rules footballer decides not to play due to fans booing
Secret Service seeks sarcasm-spotting software
Museum which promised to celebrate East End woman now devoted to Jack the Ripper
Museum in Cable St about women and suffragettes turns out to be 'Jack the Ripper'
Sleeping woman falls out of bed and through 3rd-story window; sues apartment management for $230k
Turkish author made false bomb scares on THY flight 'to help book sales'
Australian reality TV stars 'shot at by IS' in Syria
Police: Man, 31, attacked mom for telling him to get job
Donald Trump: 'I'll ride into the sunset' if my campaign tanks
ISIS-Inspired Florida Resident Arrested, Charged With Plotting To Use Weapon Of Mass Destruction
Norwegian Golf Course Search For Phantom Pooper Who Has Been Defecating In Their Holes Since 2005.
Museum which promised to celebrate east end women now devoted to Jack The Ripper
Corrupt Cameron says 'Dirty money not welcome in Britain'. Stop laughing, I'm not making this up
Los Angeles union wants to be exempt from $15 minimum wage it fought for
US State Dept to teach Indian journos 'honesty, impartiality'
Cleveland police union to raffle gun in fundraiser for officer accused of shooting teen
Kim Kardashian Bravely Poses Without Makeup
Swiss Army Invades France to Save Soft Cheese; Even Its Skirmishes Are in the One-Percent
Donald Trump Would Consider Tapping Sarah Palin For Future Trump Administration - See more at: http://www.rightwingwatch.org/content/donald-trump-would-consider-tapping-sarah-palin-future-trump-administration#sthash.pv4ubjy0.dpuf
Serial maid molester given 27 months' jail and three strokes of the cane
Batmobile breakdown leaves traffic chaos on Ontario highway
Syfy achieves its highest self, orders show about blood-drinking cars
Salvador Dalí's Rare, Erotic Vintage Cookbook
Deez Nuts joins 2016 presidential race
Timothy Harmon owner of 'Horse Show Diva'
In Canada, You Can Pay for College With Frequent-Flyer Miles
Breaking Bad fan Mohammed Ammer Ali ordered ricin 'to know what fuss was about'
911 dispatch operator hangs up on caller aiding a dying teen; says "Deal with it yourself."
Sozzled Brit Daniel Sobey-Harker buys £300 worth of pizza for strangers in the US
Stratford Man Accused Of Performing Sex Act With Shrubbery
Sozzled Brit Daniel Sobey-Harker, 27, buys £300 worth of pizza for strangers in the US
Bad Karaoke Singer Still at Large
Allen West: We Don't Need Obama to Develop 'Gun Safety Laws' -- 'Guns Already Have Safeties'
Man wears shirt that says 'Crime Pays' as he tries (and fails) to rob pizza shop
AT&T Urges FCC to Drop $100 Million Fine, Says Data Throttling Doesn't Harm Customers
Watch the Trailer for New Michael Bay Film About Benghazi Attack
Giant panda accused of 'faking pregnancy' for better treatment
Nigerian erotica: how the church leader became a sex symbol
Man says he petted zoo cougars after calling 'Here, kitty'
Ice Cream Shop Serves Abortion-inspired Flavor for Planned Parenthood Fundraiser
Panda 'fakes pregnancy' to get better living conditions
China's crusade to remove crosses from churches 'is for safety concerns'
PETA - Woman Protests Dog Chaining by Wearing Fur Coat in Sweltering Heat
Why drunk Brit bought £300 of pizzas for complete strangers online in America
San Diego Lawyer Sues Facebook Over Being Banned For Telling People To Drown Themselves
Saudi royals 'bar' French policewomen from beach
PETA Wants Lion-Hunting Dentist Killed
Pastor Tries To Walk On Water Like Jesus Did, Drowns In front Of Congregation
Mayor doesn't like it, but porn convention is coming to Dallas convention center
Man dials 999 to arrest girlfriends cat for eating his bacon. (With audio)
Dave Grohl 'air drumming to Led Zeppelin three times a day' to help broken leg recovery.
US fugitive Jason Stange caught after starring in horror film
Kentucky man arrested for shooting down drone; cites right to privacy
Florida woman named Crystal Metheny arrested in Florida
KFC has totally reinvented the chicken bucket
Oakland pitcher's car has secret compartment for hiding burritos
SF Cyclists To Protest Stopping At Stop Signs With 'Stop-In'
Snoop Dogg's arrest raises a question: Is Sweden racist?
JCPenney Employee Sent Home for Wearing 'Too Revealing' Shorts She Bought in Their Career Department
J.C. Penney employee sent home for wearing shorts she bought - at J.C. Penney
First Taco Bell to Sell Alcohol Agrees to Have Bouncers
Snow piles from record-breaking Buffalo storm still melting
Oklahoma Guv's Daughter Living In Trailer Parked Outside Guv's Mansion
Man Takes Two Years to Realize Adopted "Dogs" Were Actually Black Bears
Bizarre giant blob found off the coast of Turkey
Kentucky Man Forced to Eat His Own Beard
Sexual-assault accuser says Cosby didn't realize she was gay
Oklahoma governor to move daughter's mobile home from mansion grounds
Donald Trump would love to have Sarah Palin in his administration
Peer claims £300 a day in expenses to walk 200 yards to work at House of Lords
9 Ways Men Push The Boundaries Of Fidelity Without Technically Cheating (The Way They See It)
KFC's new chicken bucket is also a Bluetooth photo printer
Angry Romans are sharing pictures of New York trash on Facebook
Lawyer: Donald Trump called me 'disgusting' for request to pump breast milk
Cut music to 'an hour a day' - WHO
Nursing-home costs leave seniors pondering divorce
Spaghetti in a cone: a miracle of physics, a genius food delivery system
Rapper "Drake" kills another rapper "Meek Mill"
Former GOP Sen. Phil Gramm: "It Was an Outrage" That "Exploited" AT&T CEO Got Only $75 Million at Retirement
560,000-year-old human tooth found in France
Dems sum up GOP's climate change plan with a ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Reader Post: 16 Key Differences Between Liberals And Leftists by Guest Poster
Under Oath, Donald Trump Shows His Raw Side
KFC is releasing a chicken bucket that doubles as a Bluetooth printer to celebrate 60 years in Canada
Son handed prison term for sex conviction
parents break into day care after 10 month old forgotten inside
Public University releases language guide to avoid offensive words such as "healthy", "American", and "mothering"
Man takes joyride on jailhouse lawn, gets thrown in jail
Badger recovering in shelter after being found drunk on Polish beach
Bus driver at Illinois River resort accused of doing Jell-O shots on trip, authorities say
Man caught on camera riding Winnie the Pooh toy car out of shopping centre arrested
The presidential candidates you might not hear about. (Deez Nuts is now running for President)
Pregnant Kim Kardashian proudly cradles her growing bump in VERY snug white dress in pouty selfie after stepping out for meeting
Pro-Lifers 'Anthropomorphize' Fetuses, Former Fetus Complains
Man Arrested For Stealing Winnie The Pooh Car
In bid to cut costs, Quebec won't fund hospitals for next year's leap year day, February 29
Model Attempts To Flirt $134k Worth Of Cocaine Across The Border, Fails
Keep clear: council workers paint road markings outside non-existent school
Donald Trump Is The Nickelback Of GOP Candidates
Surprise! You may soon be able to sing 'Happy Birthday' on film without being sued.
The presidential candidates you might not hear about
A Kentucky distillery is playing Bowie, Springsteen to its brandy
Driver follows GPS off disused bridge, and wife dies, police say
Listen: 'Cat ate my bacon', 'Noisy washing machine' and other outlandish 999 calls made to West Yorkshire Police
Police in Maine asked to watch over Goodell vacation home given Brady discipline
Trump lashes out at 'vicious, horrible' lawyer over breast pump
Jack The Ripper Museum Built In Spot Earmarked To Celebrate Women
Facebook lets you text '1' to wish a friend a Happy Birthday, so nothing is sacred anymore
Man Joyrides Through West Florida Jail Lawn
Saudi millionaire blocks traffic on one of London's busiest roads to get his £1m Porsche washed and polished for supercar season
Windows 10 Solitaire requires a subscription to remove ads.
A museum that was supposed to be dedicated to London's suffragettes is now somehow about Jack the Ripper instead
Rafael Correa Fines Columnist for Libel and Calls Him a Rapist
Live Más! Nation's First Tipsy Taco Bell Hires Bouncer
Museum billed as celebration of London women opens as Jack the Ripper exhibit
Royals players are being fined for not dropping Fetty Wap lyrics in interviews
Snapchat is selling an official Snapchat beach towel
Man arrested with guns after asking for directions to White House
Chicago man cleared after 17 years in prison shot dead
Yanis Varoufakis saw the answer to Greece's euro crisis in computer game economy
Jose Canseco To Dress Like Woman To Support Caitlyn Jenner
Donald Trump Would 'Love' To Add Sarah Palin To His Administration
NFL Team Says 7.8 Billion Unique Visitors Saw Coverage of Its 2014 Training Camp
Hillary Clinton Bravely Refuses to Take Stand on Major Issue
Cat Fight: Hank, Virginia's Feline Senate Candidate, Gets First Attack Ad
Players from the Kansas City Royals are fining each other if they do not use '1738', from Trap Queen by Fetty Wap, in post game interviews.
"I was stupid": Man's regret over downing bottle of Jack Daniels in 13 seconds for video stunt.
Delivery driver suing former employer 'was left unable to work after slipping and falling in chocolate sauce'
SLC golf course vandalized by horses; police investigating
Mom Throws Dream Party for Personal Injury Lawyer-Obsessed Toddler
Kansas City Royals players are being fined for not dropping Fetty Wap lyrics in interviews
Inmate got 5th DUI driving to police station to be fingerprinted for prior DUIs
Savage To Trump: 'You're The Winston Churchill Of Our Time'
WTf this is not onnion
Police: Subway employees ignore robbery attempt
Man dressed as Batman causes traffic jam on a freeway in Canada as he fixes his batmobile [x-post from r/Ontario]
Enter the James Ray 5K to be chased by Native American reenactors
Exclusive: Trump lashes out at 'vicious, horrible' lawyer over breast pump break
Ebola: 'Isn't that over yet?'
Super Bowl MVP Tom Brady Is Now an Angry Facebook Commenter
Myriad Gardens to bring Internet Cat Video Festival to Oklahoma City July 26
Utah Teen Discovered He's Allergic to Food - All Food
Hank the Cat Appears to Place Third in Senate Race
Rick Perry Challenged Donald Trump to a Pull-Up Contest
Trump to Breastfeeding Mom: 'You're Disgusting'
Plane collides with roo at Mildura Airport [AUS]
Cincinnati Prosecutor on the Sam Dubose Shooting: "If he's starting to [drive] away just, seriously, let him go. I mean you don't have to shoot him in the head."
Swedish Police Suspect that Snoop Dogg Consumed Narcotics
Rick Perry just challenged Donald Trump to 'see who can do the most pull-ups'
Georgia Man Cuts Off Own Penis to Prevent Himself From Masturbating
Catfished! Girls Scam ISIS on Social Media for Travel Money
Joyce Carol Oates Is Outraged That Steven Spielberg Killed a Triceratops
Mobile Phone Signal Isolator Remote Control CDMA GSM DCS 3G 450MHZ Coverage 25 m - See more at: http://goodsignaljammer.com/product/mobile-phone-signal-isolator-remote-control-cdma-gsm-dcs-3g-450mhz-coverage-25-m/#sthash.J86syn8v.dpuf
Donald Trump wants Sarah Palin in his administration
Director of Law & Order Arrested On Child Porn Charges
Man dies of snake bite during church service in Bell County, Kentucky
Jose Canseco to live as a woman to support Caitlyn Jenner
Anti-Gay Ethiopians Freak Out as Rainbow Welcomes President Obama
Mystery musician rocks recorder at stop lights
Man suspected of breaking into Luther Burbank home, defecating on floor
Satanic Cult Pledges Funds To Support Abortion Rights
'Law & Order' Director Arrested on Child Pornography Charges
Ted Nugent on Cecil the Lion Killing: 'The Whole Story is a Lie'
Woman too Sexy for Work
Plane Collides With Kangaroo at Mildura Airport
Gov. Mary Fallin's 28-year-old daughter living in travel trailer outside governor's mansion
Latest step in lion search: live traps with 'people food'
Man dies of snake bite during church service in Bell County
Exhausted forest firefighters refuse to sing O Canada for Harper -- THE LAPINE
Pistol-packing pastor shoots burglary suspect at church
Pistol-packing pastor shoots alleged burglar at Baytown church
Stratford man charged with abusing greenery
Porter passenger says she was asked to move for another passenger's religious accommodation
Panda tricks zookeepers into giving her special treatment by faking pregnancy
Rick Perry Challenges Donald Trump To A Pull-Up Contest
Claire McCaskill Shotgunned A Beer When Todd Akin Won The GOP Primary
Man organises 'straight pride' parade, blames gays when no-one turns up
Everything is problematic, university guide explains
Exhausted forest firefighters refuse to sing O Canada for Harper
Emergency dispatcher tells caller to 'deal with it yourself'
Donald Trump Promises To Put Sarah Palin In His Cabinet If He Is Elected President
Girl commits suicide in Jharkhand after parents refuse to construct a toilet at home
Panda accused of faking pregnancy to get better food; air conditioning.
Microsoft makes Windows 10 version of Solitaire a freemium game
Ninja robs a Walgreen's pharmacy.
Melbourne-bound flight cancelled after plane hits kangaroo
Batman creates traffic chaos in Ontario's cottage country as he stops on 401 to work on Batmobile
J.C. Penney employee sent home for wearing clothes that were 'too revealing' even though she bought them at J.C. Penney in the Career section
Ted Nugent Defends Lion-Killing Dentist
Beheading swords as souvenirs: ISIS 'opens gift shop' in Mosul
Tech Visionaries Warn Against Autonomous Weapons
Fugitive busted when spotted as an actor in small budget movie in Olympia
Hong Kong Woman Sentenced For Assaulting Police Officer With Her Breast
Adam Goodes should apologise, says mother of girl who called him an ape
Police save heart attack man at smoking demonstration
Married lesbians both pregnant by same sperm donor
Woman convicted of 'assaulting a police officer with her breasts' Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2015/07/19/woman-convicted-of-assaulting-a-police-officer-with-her-breasts-5303578/#ixzz3hN3QGRcw
Saudi King demands French police remove female officers from Riviera
Alleged Naked Knife Guy Plays Banjo for Cops
Naked man brandishes knife, plays banjo for police
Man sues Etihad over 'injuries' from sitting next to obese passenger
Insane Orgy-Party at Airbnb House Leaves $75,000 in Damages, Semen Everywhere
City Orders Man to Keep the Smell of BBQ from Leaving his Property - "What you're doing looks like it may be counter to the rule as far as the objectionable odor."
Feds Spend $2.6 Million on Weight Loss Program for Truckers
North Korea Plans Surf Camp
Police looking for aggressive turkey on U-M's North Campus
Man in "crime pays" shirt wanted for attempted robbery of a Little Caesars
Man Who Planned to Walk to D.C. Still in Waynesville
Why This 14-Year-Old Kid Built a Nuclear Reactor
Golf club is desperately trying to find culprit who has been pooing in holes for last 10 years
Washington Is Finally Getting What It Deserves As It Sinks Into The Sea
Man cleared after 17 years in prison fatally shot after being released
Mick Fanning chased from water by shark in first surf in Australia after brush with white pointer in South Africa.
Protester who assaulted Hong Kong policeman with her breast jailed for 3½ months
Rick Perry Challenges Donald Trump to a Pullup Contest
Kenyan 'killer brew' addicts losing both alcohol and private parts
A New Hampshire university's language guide says students should avoid using the word 'American'
Legendary Priest Is Coming to Broadway
Perry responds to Trump insults with pull-up contest challenge
Scott Walker Welcomed by 'Poop' and 'Butt' Signs During Philly Visit
Men armed with sticks steal PlayStation
PETA: If Palmer Poached Cecil The Lion, He Should Be 'Hanged'
Perry challenges Trump to pull-up contest
Angry French farmers are spraying drivers' cars with poo
Alabama Seeks To Deny Woman Abortion By Stripping Her Parental Rights, Appointing Lawyer For Fetus
5 Things to know about Rio's filthy water as Olympic athletes face swimming in sewage.
Panda Accused Of Faking Pregnancy To Get Better Food
'Law & Order' Director Jason Alexander Charged With Child Pornography
Poll Commissioned by Planned Parenthood Says Planned Parenthood Is Popular
People looking to score heroin, interrupt police raid of house suspected of drug dealing
KFC limited-edition chicken bucket doubles as a Bluetooth photo printer
Law & Order Director Jason ''Jace'' Alexander Arrested on Child Pornography Charges
Priest Performs Exorcism from a Helicopter to Banish Evil from Italian Town
Panda Accused Of Faking Pregnancy To Get Better Food, Air Conditoning
Hackers Infiltrate High-Tech Rifle System, Causing Shooters to Miss Targets or Disable It All Together
Prophecy: Donald Trump Shall Become the Trumpet
Man named Huckleberry Finn charged with raping NH woman
Snake-handling Kentucky Christian refuses treatment after rattlesnake bite - dies
Man faces attempted murder charge after throwing microwave at woman
Snake-handling Ky. pastor dies from snake bite
Prisoner smuggles his sperm out of jail and gets his wife pregnant.
Hackers Can Disable a Sniper Rifle-Or Change Its Target
Ninja-masked man, armed with sword, robs pharmacy
Rick Perry to Donald Trump: You, me, pull-up contest
Cincinnati Officer Indicted in Samuel DuBose Shooting 'Felt His Life Was in Jeopardy'
Home invasion suspect identified as violence prevention activist
Minnesota punk band adopts 1.5 mile stretch of highway
Police: Man Named Huckleberry Finn Charged With Sex Assault
Amazon Prime sign Top Gear's Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May for exclusive new show
Donald Trump questions Rick Perry's 'toughness' as primary gets nasty
Bunny Ranch boss sets sights on U.S. Sennate
Top Gear's Clarkson, Hammond and May making show for Amazon
This Toddler Loves A Personal Injury Lawyer So Much, His Mom Made It His Birthday Theme
Oklahoma governor's daughter has to move her trailer home off the governor's mansion's grounds
Panda Accused Of Faking Pregnancy To Get Better Food, Air Conditoning (x-post from r/humor)
TIL (US) 5 recently fallen police K9s all died from heat exhaustion.
The Most Affordable Town for London's Commuters Is Full of Snakes and Despair
Oklahoma Gov. Fallin: Daughter's trailer at governor's mansion must go
Athletes at Rio Olympics to compete in 'basically raw sewage', study reveals
Huckleberry Finn of Keene charged with sexual assault
Pegasus Havayolları Van Erçiş Merkez Satış Ofisi www.sunexpressbilethatti.co
Confederate flag wavers crash black child's birthday party
Utah Teen Discovers He's Allergic to Food: 'I Remember What it Tastes Like, That Will Have to Be Enough'
'Move Over Caitlyn': Jose Canseco Will Dress Like a Woman for 1 Week
Taulard.net - Dormir au boulot : la méthode asiatique
USA USA UPDATE UNH offers 'bias-free' language guide: Is 'American' a biased term?
Ontario man given DUI in a Jazzy
NCAA: It's not our job to ensure educational quality
Motorized scooter driver was drunk: Sudbury police
College in New York to offer Medical Marijuana Certificate Program..
Vladimir Putin Book Club Stirs Suspicions of Literary Censorship
It is now illegal to put bodily fluids in someone's food or drink in Minnesota
Walter White, imprisoned in Texas for meth trafficking, wants the Feds to give him his stuff back
Matt Kroczaleski comes out as transgender, bodybuilder is living as both a man and a woman
Marcus Mariota's 'Lack of Red Flags' Reportedly Concerned NFL GM, Coach
Retired baseball star Jose Canseco will spend a week living as a woman in support of Caitlyn Jenner
MH370 investigators forced to evacuate island of Reunion due to 'imminent' volcano eruption
Bono: 'Let's claim all the Beatles as Irish'
$1,900 Studios Coming to 'Affordable' Building in Prospect-Lefferts Gardens
Zox Pro: Review, Benefits, Complaints and Results
Holocaust Victims Mocked in Ohio State Band Parody Songbook
Man Creating Women's-History Museum Decides Last Minute to Make It Serial-Killer Museum Instead
Donald Trump claims to have made a hole-in-one in inaugural round at his golf course
PC gone too far
Man claiming to be 'Rick James' arrested again
Three-month jail sentence for woman who 'assaulted' police officer with her breast
No More Free Cheese Sticks for Kraft Employees in Cost Crackdown
Donald Trump hires former Palin aide as political director
Purchasing marijuana puts kids at risk - D.A.R.E. America
Congress Set to Examine Revenge Porn
Chicago mayor has advice for possible election challenger Chief Keef
James Woods Sues Twitter Troll for Calling Him "Cocaine Addict"
Trump says he told Brady to sue NFL over Deflategate
Taxidermist Recreates Michigan Football Rivalry With Stuffed Chipmunks
Woman's hair cut off to free her from crashed car
It's Not Just Kylie: 7 Reasons Why White People Should Not Wear Black Hairstyles
Emergency Call: 'My Cat Ate My Bacon!'
Redhead woman stopped from boarding an airplane because she was too pale
Man calls police to arrest his cat for eating his bacon
Horrifying Police Body Camera Footage Clearly Shows Current State Of America
All-dude Ghostbusters has finished script, Channing Tatum and Chris Pratt eyed for leads
Connecticut Man Accused of Sex Act With Shrub
Scientists Urge Ban On Salamander Imports To U.S. To Keep Fungus At Bay
Man named Huckleberry Finn charged with sex assault
No more bodily fluids in another person's food or drink
The 'KGB agents' who tried to recruit a teen David Cameron were just two gay men looking for sex
"Rattlesnake selfie" results in a $153K medical bill
"Chief Wana Dubie" announces bid for U.S. Senate from Missouri
Man freed after being wrongly imprisoned for 17 years is fatally shot in Chicago
The Scientific Explanation Why We Put Sugar in Our Coffee and Tea
Man goes to the dentist to get 3 teeth pulled, dentist pulls all 32
This 19-Year-Old Will Spend the Next 25 Years as a Registered Sex Offender
Play Doh Videos | Play doh peppa pig playset
Papa John's founder insures hands for $15 million
Allegiant executives (VP of Flight Operations and Director of Flight Safety) were flying plane that ran low on fuel.
Hong Kong woman jailed for attacking police with breast
'Gull running' craze sweeps UK seaside towns from Whitby to Newquay
Tom Brady fan gets thigh tattoo, delays honeymoon until suspension ends
Trump immigration plan: Deport all, then bring back 'good ones'
Ex-MLB star Jose Canseco to show support for Caitlyn Jenner by living as a woman
'Gritty' take on "Little Women" in development at CW
Former Councillor Denies He's Dead After Resident's Shock At Seeing In Supermarket
Police: Man was shooting at Rapids street lights
Neighbors sue Terry Black's over barbecue smoke
'What lion?' Zimbabweans ask, amid global Cecil circus
College Language Guide Deems 'American' As Offensive
Fifa exhibit to open at America's national museum of organized crime
Chimps Aren't People, New York State Supreme Court Judge Rules
AMERICAN EDM FANS LEFT SHOCKED AFTER DISCOVERING THAT BLACK PEOPLE CAN BE DJS TOO
Man accused of having vodka, taking naked stroll in downtown St. Petersburg
'What lion?' Zimbabweans ask
Golf club hunts mystery man who keeps shitting in the holes
Mom Throws Injury Lawyer-Themed Party For Her Obsessed 2-Year-Old Son
Duck fans let down by fowl play
Sperm Of A Black Man Given To Neo Nazi Couple By Mistake
Kim Jong-Un declares preparations for war with US and South Korea
New head of DEA says marijuana is "probably not" as dangerous as heroin, adding that he is "not an expert."
England's first crisp sandwich shop is set to open
Bum goes on Upper East Side peeing spree
Six-month-old baby gets lifetime hunting license in US
81-year-old Connecticut man accused of performing sex act with shrubbery
Jew seen walking dog
Waukesha woman stripped of teaching job now a pole dance champ
Officer Who Shot Sam Dubose in Head Made $1 Million Bail
You Can Buy This Ridiculous Flamethrower If You Are an Insane Person
Huckleberry Finn of Keene charged with sexual assault - See more at: http://www.unionleader.com/article/20150730/NEWS03/150739946#sthash.caefXo9h.dpuf
Supreme Court makes it harder to go to heaven
Man stabs people at gay pride march in Jerusalem for second time
Sisters expose cheating wife to husband at baseball game
'Law & Order' director faces child porn charges
Comment Email We Weep For African Lions. But What About Black Lives?
'Law & Order' TV director faces child pornography charges in New York
Mum accidentally fake tans baby
Man accused of throwing banana peel at Dave Chappelle faces trial
Mitch McConnell Says 'Women's Health' Five Times In Attempt To Defund Planned Parenthood
Modern recording technology makes it easy to create bad music
Brand new German coal plant worth just one euro
Scientists Created A Robot That Can Walk On Water
Skydiver's iPhone 4 survives 13,500-foot drop
Man who felt something brush against his feet while swimming is now being called a hero
Sorority's souvenir booklet causes big delays at Hobby Airport
Uber partners with senior citizen group in hunt for new drivers
Exorcism at local park caught on video
James Woods sues Twitter user for $10m after being called 'cocaine addict'
Plane collides with roo at Mildura Airport
Police: Man shoots at lights because of "aliens"
Fourth grader suspended for bringing his "one ring" to school and threatening to make another kid disappear
NC senator compares political correctness to Nazi book burnings
New KFC Memories Bucket Prints Photos?!
Meek Mill Compares His Relationship With Nicki Minaj To Beyonce & Jay Z
'American', 'Freshman': 12 Words That the University of New Hampshire Has Deemed 'Problematic'
Mystery man pooping in golf holes for 10 years
Conservative Group Wants To Preserve Freedom Of Choice -- Paper Or Plastic, That Is
Man Goes To Dentist To Get 3 Teeth Pulled, Dentist Pulls 32
Terry Black's Barbecue Sued Because of Smoke
Kentucky man dies after snakebite during Pentecostal church service
Portrait of Pope Benedict XVI made of condoms sparks debate
Spurs Jesus catches burglar, holds him down until police arrive
D.A.R.E. Published an Op-ed Calling for Marijuana Legalization
PETA Wants Lion-Hunting Dentist Executed
$20M Claim Filed Against FBI in Death of Man Accused of Kidnapping Hannah Anderson
Man running for Congress gets arrested for selling meth, gave bumper stickers and pens with each deal
Kim Jong Un Hailed as Global Statesman by Sukarno Center
6 stabbed at Jerusalem gay pride parade, police say
Mark Cuban would consider being Trump's VP, if asked
Indian Restaurant Fined For Wanting 'Experienced Indian Waiter'
'Death Ray' skyscraper is wreaking havoc on London for a few totally insane reasons
D.A.R.E. calls for marijuana legalization
Jose Canseco To Dress, Live As A Woman For A Week To Show Support For Caitlyn Jenner
Indiana Lawmakers Call For Study On Teacher Shortage
In this fake city, cars learn to talk to each other
N.L. iceberg water gets $53 per bottle at Northern Ireland's Merchant Hotel
Meet the Woman With the Most Beautiful Vagina in the World
Palestinian baby burned to death after settlers set fire to home
Woman Finds 15-Foot Python Harassing Her Saint Bernard
Sisters expose 'cheating wife' to husband at ...
Most ridiculous 999 call ever? Time-waster calls police wanting cat arrested for eating his bacon
Hong Kong female protestor convicted of "assaulting police with her breast" sentenced to 3 months and 15 days in jail
Audio: Man dials 999 demanding police arrest his girlfriend's cat for eating his bacon
Morrissey alleges sex assault by security guard at US airport
Tibet Travel Agency & Tour Booking Tips
Help Wanted: The Philippines Needs More Exorcists
Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2, which has grossed $104 million, is Sony's highest-grossing movie of 2015 so far. (X-Post / Movies)
Passenger suing Etihad Airways for €200k after being seated next to 'grossly overweight' man
Walter Palmer's Hunting Buddies Reassure Him That He's A Total Fucking Badass
Woman seeks divorce from 'ugly' husband
Roypow ® J12 Portable 400 AMP Peak Car Battery Jump Starter Power Bank Charger With 12000mAh - Emergency Auto Heavy Duty Jump Starter For Truck, Van, SUV and More [amazon.com] - $90
Texas man shot after bullet richocets off armadillo
Judge says nuns' sale of convent wanted by Katy Perry appears to be invalid
The Oldest Panda to ever live turned 37 this week. Yay!
Serbian TV graphic predicts winning lottery ball - video
Golf club is desperately trying to find culprit who has been pooing in the holes for last 10 years
Germans greet influx of refugees with free food and firebombings
World's best whisky is being sent to age in space
'Very aggressive' turkey terrorizes University of Michigan campus
Lawsuit: Airline passenger injured from sitting by obese man
Drudge Report Asks Whether Pope Francis Is The 'Antichrist'
Australian surfer punches shark in 'Mick Fanning replay'
Iran's foreign minister calls for world's nuclear weapons states to disarm
Disturbing Video - Tensing in 2014 Traffic Stop - Driver Calls 911 on Tensing. Tensing refuses to identify himself when asked.
No, Chimpanzees Aren't 'Legal Persons,' New York Judge Rules
Memory problems? Go climb a tree.
Man does donuts in car in front of jail, crashes into flagpole after
Kim Jong Un hailed as global statesman by Indonesian institute
Kung fu (in)fighting rocks ancient Shaolin Monastery
Subway Clerks Ignore Robber Until He Just Goes Away: Cops
Man calls police to press charges on his girlfriend and her cat because the cat ate his bacon.
Many millennials are about to lose their most-trusted news source: Jon Stewart
New TSA Chief Vows to Improve 96% Failure Rate on Weapons Detection
Man with gold bars in rectum held at Shahjalal International Airport
Woman who was sexually harassed by the dentist who killed Cecil the lion speaks out.
Mob Museum in Las Vegas to open a FIFA exhibit
Hold the phone, Central! Cellphone radiation can cause cancer: study. The scientists were right - your cell phone can give you cancer. There have long been whispers of a cancer connection from your cell - and a new study backs up the claims.
Oops : Terrorist Suicide Belt Goes Off Accidentally During Terrorist Sing Along
Federal Judge Says Drug Dog Was a Bad Dog, but Trainer Disagrees: "He's a Very Good Dog"
KERRY: IRAN'S "DEATH TO AMERICA" DOESN'T MEAN THEY WANT TO KILL US
Cass County official: Man injured after bullet ricochets off armadillo
Hamster theft on the rise in Central Maine
Italian man killed Dublin landlord and ate his body organ in chess row
Republican women's group apologizes for posting photo of a lynched black man hanging from a tree
Michael Jordan loses a copyright infringement case against a Chinese company called "Jordan"
New carnivorous plant species found on Facebook
East Texas man hospitalized after bullet ricochets off armadillo
Man injured in Texas after bullet ricochets off armadillo
Buffoon in 999 call: 'Cat ate my bacon and I want to press charges'
AT&T urges FCC to walk away from planned record-high fine
Teen Shot Family in Montana Because Woman Laughed at Him, FBI Says
Man sues Etihad over back injury from sitting next to obese passenger
Sweden to crack down on silly police reports
'Drunk' badger stole beers from beach-goers in Poland
Revised AP history standards will push 'American exceptionalism'
Hamster stolen from school, Skowhegan man arrested
J.J. Abrams broke his back trying to help Harrison Ford on the set of 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'
AT&T refuses to pay $100 million FCC fine, suggests $16,000 max
Veteran shot, beaten helping sea turtles on Florida beach
Charleston Suspect Pleads Not Guilty
Hells Angels planning Sherbrooke support party ahead of mega-trial
Kitten used to escape police custody, chief says
Russia 'may ban gay emojis' under 'propaganda' law
'Law & Order' Director Jason Alexander Charged With Child Pornography: Police
Ozzy Osbourne Is a Mutant; Science Proves It
Brooklyn High-Schoolers Sexually Harassed While Painting Mural About Sexual Harassment
Mary Catherine Finn's Obituary Asks Canadians To Vote Out Harper, Save The CBC
Mystery pooper targeting holes of Norwegian golf course
ISPs: Net neutrality rules are illegal because Internet access uses computers
Fox News Hosts Attribute Divorce Rate to Women Not Making Sandwiches and Stocking Beer
I Want Your Sex! New UC Irvine Form Will Ask Students To Pick From 6 Genders
JOSE CANSECO PLANS TO SUPPORT CAITLYN JENNER BY LIVING AS A WOMAN FOR A WEEK
Rubio Tweet About Dead Lion Strongly Undermines Rubio Reputation for Being Articulate
Beijing promises to overcome lack of snow for 2022 Winter Olympics
Average Russian bribe doubles in value amid country's currency crisis
Pub landlord jailed for killing customer with ironing board
Why all the cool kids are bringing pee strips to bars
1,000 Musicians Perform the Foo Fighters' "Learn to Fly" in Unison in Italy
Man Needs New iPhone After Swapping His For A Bite Of Pepperoni Pizza
D.A.R.E. Accidentally Publishes Pro-Marijuana Legalization Post
D.A.R.E. Published an Op-ed Calling for Marijuana Legalization [Updated]
Poland's Prime Minister loves this spectacular video game so much he gave it to Obama as a gift
Gun control advocates launch campaign to drop gun emoji from iPhones
Supposed "women's history" museum in London opens as...Jack the Ripper museum
How One Man Waged War Against Gravity The story of Roger Babson, gravity's sworn enemy, and his Gravity Research Foundation
D.A.R.E. Accidentally Published a Pro-Pot Legalization Op-Ed
"Yes, We're Corrupt": A List of Politicians Admitting That Money Controls Politics
Taiwan giant panda 'fakes' pregnancy symptoms to be given extra food and nicer accommodation
Texas Man Hurt When Bullet Ricochets Off Armadillo He Tried To Shoot
Cecil the Lion was a drug addict.
Ohio State gets trademark for name 'Urban Meyer'
Japanese scientists fire a 2 quadrillion-watt laser, the most powerful ever
Mike Huckabee, Republican presidential candidate, won't rule out employing U.S. troops, FBI to stop abortion
Wisconsin man arrested for shooting at street lights to protect the universe from "aliens"
Texas man's bullet bounced off armadillo and hit him in the head
Huckabee Says He'd Consider Using Federal Troops to Stop Abortions
Donald Trump loved Canadian medicare? 7 ways conservative star not conservative
Hitchhiking robot still in Massachusetts, to attend Red Sox game
Govt-Funded Anti-Drug Program "D.A.R.E." Just Called for the Legalization of Marijuana Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/drug-propaganda-program-d-a-r-e-accidentally-tells-truth-calls-marijuana-legalization/#9QsAHX50b48BitRH.99
Irish man paid his friend €30 to call in a bomb threat at Intel so he could avoid work. One month later, the friend that called it in was identified by his voice after a cab driver brought him to a police station for refusing to pay cab fare.
Robbery in Rhode Island thwarted by 'ignoring teens'
Donald Trump's firing of racist adviser suggests he is now taking the presidential campaign more seriously
Plane owned by Bin Laden family crashes outside London
Mike Huckabee Won't Rule Out Using Federal Troops To Stop Abortions
Overcoming trauma with Auntie Angel, famed fellatio coach
Reporter Witnesses Two Illegals Crossing Texas Border After Confronting Trump on Immigration
Private jet owned by Bin Laden family crashes in London, 4 dead
A hungry Brit wants cat arrested for eating his bacon
There's a New Restaurant That Specializes in Potato-Chip Sandwiches
Welcome to Indiana, Ya'Hansum Guy
Russian women dupe ISIS fighters into sending over money after creating fake profiles and pretending they wanted to become their jihadi brides in Syria.
'Death ray' skyscraper is wreaking havoc on London
D.A.R.E. accidentally endorses marijuana legalization
Russia Is Investigating if Gay Emojis Break Its Laws
One in Every Ten Young Adults Calls Stewart, Colbert Most Trusted News Source
Dad gets One Direction tattoo to win tickets for daughters, loses because he's not from Indiana
Elon Musk Is Secretly Terraforming Mars - Complete Atmosphere Within 50 Years
Texas man shoots armadillo, gets hit in face by bullet ricochet
Saudi Arabia asks to be dropped from 9/11 lawsuit
Woman Claims She Is In A Sexual Relationship With Bigfoot
Michael Moore's Next Movie Is Really Controversial, Because Of Course It Is
Kim Jong-un Is Set to Receive a 'Global Statesman' Award - and Not in North Korea
A man in Texas Tried to Shoot an Armadillo, but the Bullet Ricocheted and Hit him in the Face
Texas man shoots at armadillo, wounded by ricochet
Speaker Bronwyn Bishop 'spent $6000 on luxury corporate jet flight' to a fundraiser 160 kilometers away
Dear Straight Men, Come Out Already
Anime And Cosplay Fans Could Become Criminals With New International Trade Agreement
Speaker Bronwyn Bishop 'spent $6000 on luxury corporate jet flight' to fundraiser
Texas man shoots armadillo, bullet ricochets back into his face
SHERIFF: Huron County woman shot dead by neighbor for mowing her lawn too late at night
Candidates wanted for USD 250, politicians blame each other to buy votes, observers express their concerns
Private jet reportedly belonging to bin Laden family slams into UK car auction, killing 4
Madison mayor proposes limiting bench time for homeless, and no lying down
Kentucky man shoots down drone spying on 16-year-old daughter
John Kline supports bill allowing women to be fired for having sex
I Put On A Pair of Fart-Filtering Underwear And Ripped Farts All Over The Place
iPhone saves man's life after taking brunt of shotgun blast fired by teenager .
Man arrested for shooting at street lights to 'protect universe from aliens'
Walmart Customer With Tourette's Claims She Was Kicked Out Of Store, Told Not To Return
HAYWORTH: Steve King says people could marry lawnmowers
TIL serial killer Rosemary West has access to order makeup and gets to have a play-station in her jail cell...
Utah inmates held in maximum security hold hunger strike, demand release of gang leaders
D.A.R.E. Calls for Marijuana Legislation
Surf's up in North Korea as tourism expedition put its toe in the water
Rice contains dangerous levels of arsenic, and here's how to reduce them
Utah hikers getting carried away with cairns
Prosecutor contends parking ticket voids acquitted man's request to have murder arrest expunged
An Army Vet With Zombie Vision Creates a Popular Audio Drama
Man faints after slapping his own face to appease girlfriend
Osama bin Laden sister and stepmother feared dead in UK plane crash
Kentucky man shoots down drone hovering over his backyard
10 people trying to buy heroin interrupt police raid
Facebook: Internet Will Shoot Out of Lasers on Our Huge Drone
Tragedy as ex-bodybuilder, 39, loses battle with liver cancer which he blamed on 10,000 calorie per day pizza and energy drink diet
Polish badger drinks seven beers, passes out on beach, sleeps for two days
Man found in Hammersmith (England) does not know who he is
Chechen girls swindle ISIS fighters for travel money
Are All Dentists Natural Born Killers?
Bin Laden family 'on Blackbushe Airport crash plane'
Bulletproof armadillo puts Texas man in hospital after shot bounces off hard shell
Ky. man arrested after shooting down $1,800 drone hovering over sunbathing daughter
Text reveals Subway's Jared paid 16-year-old for sex: report
A man in Texas tried to shoot an armadillo, but the bullet ricocheted and hit him in the face Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/r-texas-man-shoots-armadillo-gets-hit-in-face-by-bullet-ricochet-2015-7#ixzz3hZLbTYDm
Activists Are Pressuring Apple to Unload the Gun Emoji
'Wannabe jihadist' nabbed in Turkey due to geography gaffe
Texas man shoots armadillo, gets hit in face by bullet ricochet Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/r-texas-man-shoots-armadillo-gets-hit-in-face-by-bullet-ricochet-2015-7#ixzz3hZLbTYDm
Russian lawmaker wants to ban Nike's #betrue line because it's 'too gay'
Deported from Denmark for selling two bottles of water [Correct translation, rather than Googles translation]
Contactus: Vashikaran Specialist Baba Ji | Astrologers In +91 9988774427
Bernie Sanders' websites 404 page
Louisiana school official: Naming streets after MLK is just as racist as Confederate flags
Trump is one of us
Texas Man Shoots Armadillo, Bullet Ricochets and Hits Him in the Face
Police catch accused serial buttocks-grabber
Gold-plated engraved smartphone to honor Cecil the lion for sale at £24,000.
Sneaky zoo panda fakes pregancy to get more treats - again
Texas man injured after bullet ricochets off Armadillo shell
Donald Trump's companies have sought visas to import at least 1,100 workers
Pink-coloured 'women only' parking spaces at Frankfurt Airport spark sexism row
If First Lady Michelle Obama Could Pick Any Other Job, 'I Would Be Beyonce'
Man allegedly kills neighbor over late-night mowing
Man attempts to chew off fingerprints while in patrol car
Gang of Cows kill Woman (77) while hiking.
Snoop Dogg cash seized at Italy airport - $422,000
UK plane crash kills members of Bin Laden family, police say
Texas man injured as bullet ricochets off armadillo
It's now cool to use ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ on the US Senate floor
Customer Says He Found Meth in a Milkshake From In-N-Out Burger
Rep. Steve King Says Obergefell Ruling Means You Can Marry a Lawnmower
Man sues In-N-Out Burger claiming drink contained methamphetamine
Why the Vatican doesn't think we'll ever meet an alien Jesus
Suspect in Domino's driver murder ordered released over lack of timely indictment
Disneyland Paris probed for charging Brits and Germans more than the French
Cecil The Lion Contacted By Psychic, Is Surprisingly Erudite
t's now cool to use ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ on the US Senate floor
Report: Police Department In Massachusetts Gave Higher Points To Candidates Who Pledged Not To Arrest Fellow Officers For DUI
So many people forget to take handguns out of their carryons in Austin that they're lowering the offense
'Cool kids' can go on to become losers in later life, study finds
Denver police rewarding law-abiding citizens with free pizza
Seattle CEO who set firm's minimum wage to $70G says he has hit hard times
Waynesville Man Cancels Walk, Claims Discrimination Forced Him to Stop
Orthodox Jewish tenants sue building over electronic key fobs
Sword Wielding Ninja Robs Walgreens
Some Police Sketches Bear No Resemblance To The Actual Criminals.
Some Commuters Do Their Best To Make Public Transportation Unbearable For Everyone
Three girls steal 3,000$ from ISIS
Suburban N.Y. homeowner parks plane in driveway, angers neighbors
Audit finds millionaire living in public housing
Seattle businessowner raises all salaries to at least $70K and finds that he isn't loved for it
Man Tries To Press Charges When Girlfriend Lets Cat Eat His Bacon
Giant snails still terrorizing Florida despite massive expenditures
Yorkshire man calls 999 after cat eats his bacon
Rapper Snoop Dogg stopped at Italian airport with $420,000 in cash
Snoop dog found with $422,000 in cash at airport but no weed....
Exec randomly decides to turn new women's history museum into Jack the Ripper museum instead
New Women's History Museum in London Turns Out to be a Jack the Ripper Museum
Texas Man Injured After Bullet Ricochets Off Armadillo
Next FIFA President may be South African politician Tokyo Sexwale
South African Sexwale may run for FIFA presidency
Woman sues credit reporting firms for declaring her dead
Ohio State marching band song made fun of Holocaust victims
Jericho isn't Cecil Brother and Is Probably Still Alive Lion Researcher Says
Texas man shoots armadillo, ricochet hits him in the face
Cecil the lion speaks to 'animal psychic' from beyond the grave
Remember the Seattle CEO Who Raised All Salaries to $70K, Here's What Happened Next...
Study: Running in Cold Rain Miserable
Queen Bees Vaccinate All of Their Babies
Kansas moves to implement $25 ATM withdrawal limit for welfare recipients
Snoop Dogg cash seized at Italy airport
Fla. suspect chews off fingertips, eats them to avoid being fingerprinted
UK gov't: Earth will only have 12-hour warning to deal with massive Sun explosion
Indiana Man Convicted of Marital Rape Was Spared Prison Sentence. Judge Told Ex-Wife to Forgive Him Because He Was a Good Father
Snoop Dogg Found With $420,000 in Cash at Airport in Italy; $205,000 Seized by Police
Conservative Donor Koch Urges End to "Corporate Cronyism"
Kim Jong-un is awarded global statesmanship prize by Indonesia
Philadelphia In A State Of Panic As Pope Visit Nears
Topless Protest in Canada Urges Women to 'Bare With Us'
Plumber who felt something brush against his feet while swimming is now being called a hero
Canadian hitchhiking robot destroyed on trip across US
Charles Koch assails banking industry for embracing 'corporate welfare'
Indian Government bans porn, /r/india goes crazy.
Sensitive sites across the United States are vulnerable to attack by store-bought drones, according to a new assessment by the Department of Homeland Security
New York lawmakers at odds over proposed Billy Joel highway
Hitchhiking robot meets end on streets of Philadelphia
Donald Trump: I Will Be The Greatest Representative Of The Christians They've Had In A Long Time
Hitchhiking robot's cross-country trip in US ends in Philly
Rock-Throwing to Be Punishable by 20 Years - JEWSNEWS
'No phone' defence rings false when mobile chimes in court
Kochs urge conservative conferees to put brakes on 'corporate cronyism'
Haitians are now so poor that they survive on dirt cookies.
Conservative donor Charles Koch urges end to 'corporate cronyism'
Billionaires bankrolling 2016 campaign to unprecedented degree
Texas man hospitalized after bullet bounces off armadillo
Family doesn't recognise dad after he shaves beard
North Korea's Kim Jong-un wins global statesmanship award
Hitchhiking Robot Lasts Just Two Weeks in US Because Humans Are Terrible
Trump towers in fresh poll
The 9 teachers who just received awards from the White House were all in the U.S. illegally
"1000s of METRES" OF KITE-LINES STRUNG ACROSS PENARTH'S SOUTH SHORE
Kim Jong-un given 'global statesman' prize previously awarded to Gandhi
Hitchhiking robot makes it all the way across Europe and Canada, only to be destroyed in Philly
CEO who set firm's minimum wage at $70,000 hits hard times
Three bin Ladens killed in England plane crash
Hong Kong man who had unlawful sex with his son's girlfriend, 15, told he faces jail
Small Pool of Rich Donors Dominates Election Giving
Ozzy Osbourne Mutant Genome 'Could Mean Potential Breakthroughs' In Medicine
Army bans use of 'toe shoes,' citing image concerns
4 million spinsters in Saudi Arabia
Panda accused of faking pregnancy in order to be pampered
Lebanon may export its garbage to Germany
Melanie Ying got a security camera to protect her Southeast Portland home from thieves. Then a thief stole her security camera.
Armadillo Gets Shot, Bounces Bullet Right Back Into His Shooter's Head
Florida man attempts to chew off fingertips after arrest
Manchester United's new low-cut women's shirt branded 'sexist'
Dwarf stripper who drugged and raped hen party girls jailed for nine years.
Smart Forrail, Car Runs on Railway Track
Musicians launch campaign to save the bassoon as shortage threatens orchestra
Mayor of Russian City Threatens Local LGBT Community With Paratroopers
6 Things You Can Do to Pass the Time While Giving a Blow Job
The Harley Quinn in Suicide Squad is not plus size, and here is why that is a problem
The DEA's new boss says heroin is probably more dangerous than marijuana
Animal psychic claims Cecil the lion has spoken to her and given instructions on how to deal with his death
Lawsuit: Meth found at bottom of In-N-Out Burger beverage
Why A $70,000 Minimum Salaries Isn't Enough for Gravity Payments
Hero 'evidently' exposes every police-dept. in Britain is run by a Europe-wide Pedophile-ring.
Former NBA All-Star Vin Baker Blew $100 Million, Now Working At Starbucks
Swedish restaurant is being investigated for arranging music and dance without permit
"Happy Birthday" Lawsuit: "Smoking Gun" Emerges in Bid to Free World's Most Popular Song
Donald Trump: "Waterboarding doesn't sound very severe"
14-Yr Old Carrying a Puppy Choked by Police for Giving Officer Funny Looks
Sunny morning attracts thousands to annual beer float.
White officer kills black cop after mistaking him for criminal
The Young Outlawz admit to smoking Tupac Shakur ashes mixed with marijuana in 1996
Kraft recalls 36,000 cases of cheese over possible choking hazard
CEO counting cost of £45,000 minimum wage decision
The Holocaust, slavery, and the Republicans' routinely repulsive rhetoric
Guerrilla Grammarians Fix Street Graffiti Spelling & Punctuation
Mom Throws Her 2-Year-Old the Personal Injury Lawyer Party of His Dreams
Stunt Rider Robbie Maddison Defies Logic, Rides a Wave with a Dirt Bike
Shirtless man on scooter robs pizza driver
fantastic four cast haven't seen the film yet and it's out in a few days
Trophy hunters worry Cecil's killer will ruin their hobby
Scott Walker is still unsure whether Obama is a Christian
The Vatican on space: The discovery of intelligent life wouldn't mean there's an alien Jesus somewhere in the universe
Fereo Australia confirms Nutella shortage
North Korea lands first ever man on Saturn, confirms central news agency
Trump fires aide over racist online postings
Saudi Arabia Calls On World To Ban Criticism of Religion
Man thinks Blue Angels are "awesome"
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un wins award for 'global statesmanship'
As Trump's Homeland Security Secretary, Ann Coulter Pledges Protestant-Only Holidays
Hitchhiking Robot That Relied on Kindness of Strangers Destroyed on Cross-Country Trip
Robot depending on kindness of strangers meets its demise in Philadelphia
AUG 1 2015, 11:04 AM ET Texas Man Injured After Bullet Ricochets Off Armadillo
Scientists Discover A 6th Taste - And It's Quite A Disgusting Mouthful
Charles Koch Says U.S. Can Bomb Its Way to $100,000 Salaries
China: Distillers added Viagra to popular alcoholic beverage
Mr Bean Cartoon - Mr Bean Animated Cartoon 2015 - Comedy Cartoon For Ch...
Cristiano Ronaldo buys Greek island for his agent Jorge Mendes
A Melbourne man will be charged with speeding offences after driving 50 kilometres over the speed limit to get his takeaway hamburgers home before they got cold.
Man plays flute to pass time in L.A. traffic
Arkansas Man Freaks Out At NBC Rainbow Logo, But The Joke Is On Him
Police: Father Shoots Daughter During Gun Safety Lesson
The Twitter bot that 'corrects' people who say 'illegal immigrant'
Republican declines to run for president
Charles Koch Compares His Conservative Mission to the Fight to End Slavery
Trump 'not looking to attack' in debate, open to waterboarding
Man living on billboard done waiting for murderless week
Man pretending to be woman catfishes wealthy Beijing businessman out of 35,000$
Indiana man sleeps through train striking him
Microsoft now supports the middle-finger emoji. What's holding up everyone else?
Hong Kong protest over
Hong Kong protest over 'breast as weapon' conviction
Woman wakes from hysterectomy to find front teeth missing
The Village People's Indian and cowboy reportedly at war
Plastic Surgery For Dogs On The Rise In Korea
39-year-old man arrested after pretending to be a woman for 20 years
Viagra 'added to Chinese alcohol'
"Ultimate Frisbee" recognised by International Olympic Committee.
U of New Hampshire 'Bias-Free Language Guide'
Canada's hitchhiking robot is brutally decapitated after two short weeks in the US
Britain not sunny enough for healthy vitamin D levels, say experts
Air passenger suing for a back injury 'caused by sitting next to obese man'
Man Sues Airline - Says Fat Seatmate Caused Back Injury
'Breasts are not weapons,' say Hong Kong protesters
....Gov't ordered block of 857 porn sites invoking section 69.....
Crowds flock to Mali's 'religious wall sign'
Cristiano Ronaldo buys agent Jorge Mendes a whole Greek island as a wedding present
Hey Dad actor Robert Hughes gets attacked with human excrement by fellow prisoners
Hitchhiking robot that relied on human kindness found decapitated.
Man sues In-N-Out, claims meth in milkshake
Huntress sparks outrage over latest photos of animal kills
Selfish attitudes now evident in Hong Kong society
Drug dealers flee after mistaking stray pooch for police sniffer dog
Piccadilly Gardens drug dealers flee after mistaking stray pooch for police sniffer dog
Rich Idiot Crashes $845,000 Porsche Trying to Impress a Girl Read more at: http://nextshark.com/rich-idiot-crashes-845000-porsche-trying-to-impress-a-girl
Mickey mouse clubhouse full episodes - Donald Duck Cartoons & Chip and D...
Americans May Now Be Forced to Use Dishwashers That Don't Clean Dishes
Brandon Weeden content to be a backup, says, 'God forbid I am forced to play'
KFC intros chicken bucket that can print photos
Woman Jailed For Using Breast Aa Weapon
Hey Men, Maybe You Should #GiveYourMoneyToWomen
I'm Not Mad,That's Just My RBF
Everyone should consider taking vitamin D supplements to counter the lack of sunshine in England
Encryption a growing threat to security
KFC to release a chicken-printer hybrid
Akron police check on unsupervised toddler eating charcoal, find meth lab
US Cops Kill More People in a Day than Norwegian Cops Have in a Decade
Ex-British prime minister named in child sex abuse investigation
Man throws chain saws at deputy during East Texas chase
Psychologist who trains cops to shoot first, ask questions later makes big money at their trials
Florida Cops Shoot and Kill Deaf Man For 'Talking Too Loud'
Moscow Authorities Declare War on Roof Climbers
Man ends up in hospital due to shooting an Armadillo and getting hit by the ricochet.
KFC's new chicken bucket can also wirelessly print photos from your phone
Robot roadkill: Adorable hitchhiking Hitchbot found mutilated
Kraft recalls cheese singles because people are eating the wrappers
Woody Allen says he's too "lazy" and "middle class" to make good movies
'Ultimate Frisbee' officially recognized by International Olympic Committee
India bans porn sites using Section 69A | Twitter evokes in anger
Massachusetts woman's chicken getting $2,500 prosthetic leg
SHOCK POLL: Latinos really dislike Donald Trump
Clueless Klansman at confederate flag rally confronted for wearing FUBU shoes
India Bans Over 800 Bit-torrent and Porn Sites
Chris Christie to teachers union: You deserve a punch in the face
Libor rates could be changed for a Mars bar, court hears - BBC News
Libor rates could be changed for a Mars bar, court hears
Hazards of Public Toilet Use Debunked
Scotland's first wine branded 'undrinkable' by critics
North Korea's Supreme Leader, Kim Jong-un Win's Global Statesmanship Award
Mormon scouting dad gets choked up that his son doesn't hate gays enough
'Bang, Bang!' Ammo-starved Dutch soldiers 'forced to imitate sound of firing'
Vikings using Peterson to promote 'Family Day'
Vikings use Adrian Peterson to promote 'Family Day'
The surreal landscape of American politics: Making Machine-Gun Bacon with Ted Cruz
One Vermont Ballet Group Is Mixing Dance With Cows In 'Farm To Ballet'
HitchBOT, the hitchhiking robot, gets beheaded in Philadelphia
"Bang Bang" - Dutch Army Reduced To Yelling Gun Sounds
Study Finds Outdated Gender Bias in Office Air Conditioning
Motorists shocked as 40 foot Minion blows down busy Dublin Road
Alligators have learned to climb fences and it's over for all of us
American swimmer Katie Ledecky broke a World Record by accident
Giant '40-foot' Minion balloon causes traffic chaos in Dublin
Man arrested on drug charges claims marijuana is salad
Has Bishopville's 'lizard man' returned?
Controversial new nuclear beer launched
Most of India's Execution Records Have Been 'Lost or Destroyed by Termites'
Hitchhiking robot gets beheaded in U.S.
In Calgary, a Crackdown on Dandelions
Giant inflatable Minion causes havoc in Dublin
Man arrested on drug charges claims marijuana is salad - See more at: http://www.actionnewsjax.com/news/news/local/man-arrested-drug-charges-claims-marijuana-salad/nnB5Q/#sthash.NRyICsGp.dpuf
40-Foot Minion Creates Havoc in Dublin, Ireland.
College Textbook Prices Have Risen 1,041 Percent Since 1977
Local Man 'Fights With Grandma', Shoots Gun On Golf Course
Charles Koch compares work of his political network to civil rights movement
A KKK Member, Carrying the Confederate Flag, Gets Called Out for Wearing FUBU Sneakers
2022 Winter Olympics To Be Held On Mountains Where It Doesn't Snow
Watch brave Michigan cop pull trapped skunk's head from yogurt container
One of the oldest-known complex organisms had a surprisingly complicated sex life, scientists report
Woman tries to eat crack cocaine in front of drug agents
Jim Harbaugh Huddles With the Supreme Court
Florida Man Chews Off Fingerprints In Hopes Of Not Being Fingerprinted
Cruz cooks bacon with a machine gun
Trump is the Trumpet of God.
Man Arrested for Driving Van With Homemade License Plate
Hitchhiking robot that made it across Canada maimed on U.S. road trip
Fugitive arrested after police find him starring in movie.
Moroccan dies trying to reach Spain in suitcase
Mom Calls the police on a 3 year old boy after he collided with her daughter in a playground accident
Kraft Cheese Singles Recalled Because People Are Eating The Wrapper
Photo appears to show SC's urban legend known as 'Lizard Man'
Siberian Pensioner Steals Virility Drug, Gobbles Pills During Escape
Red Bull Apologizes For Posting A Video Of People In Blackface Chasing A Banana
Italy cracks Mafia sheep code to arrest Godfather's henchmen
A Pez Candy animated movie is on the way
Has Lee County's mythical Lizard Man returned?
Ronda Rousey and Floyd Mayweather Need To Fight
Ted Cruz Cooks Bacon With A Machine Gun
Watch Ted Cruz Cook Bacon With a Gun
New York Cracks Down On Illegal Toy Guns
A giant inflatable Minion flew loose and caused traffic havoc in Santry
Father teaching daughter about gun safety accidentally shoots her in the arm, police say
Navy to Prosecute Chattanooga Hero
Totally Not Desperate Ted Cruz Now Eating Bacon Off a Gun Barrel
Ex-GOOG diversity boss promised "UK's 1st women's history museum," built a Jack the Ripper "museum"
A Mom Called the Police on My 3-Year-Old Son After a Playground Accident
Chief Keef: Chicago's Mayoral Candidate From Hell
Hitch-Hiking Robot Who Relied On Strangers' Kindness Was 'Damaged Beyond Repair' In Philadelphia
China investigating liquor suppliers for Viagra in Alcohol
Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics song is criticized for being similar to Frozen's "Let is Go"
'Breasts are not weapons,' say Hong Kong protesters - CNN.com
QUIZ: Which Cable News Host Are You?
Far-Right mayor tells artists they must babysit local children for free, or they will lose subsidized rent
Sooooo Fujifilm's New Camera Sees Through Some Clothes
18-year-old American Swimming Prodigy Accidentally Breaks World Record While Taking It Easy In A Qualifying Race
Kim Jong Un is receiving an international peace prize
This Classic Luxury Watch Comes With an Apple Watch Attached
The Secrets to Living to 110 Might Be Whiskey and Beer
Arkansas' New State Bird Is Jesus
Giant Minion terrorises drivers in Ireland as 40ft inflatable blocks busy Dublin road
Pelosi praises papal climate encyclical during Italy visit
Dear millennials, you're ruining the economy. Move out.
Giant Minion escapes to cause road incident in Dublin.
TSA Decides Sorority Souvenir Book Carried By Dozens Of Travelers Probably A Bomb
Whole Foods' $6 Asparagus Water Is Just Water With Three Stalks of Asparagus in It
Man used Craigslist to solicit the killings of police officers
There's a Cecil the Lion Beanie Baby Now
Al-Qaeda Militants Accuse Islamic State Of Being A Con
Clinton, Asked What She'll Do About Money in Politics, Explains "Mrrph Blvvvr Lrrrrg"
Drunk partygoer wanders into neighbour's yard in Kippens
Ted Cruz makes machine-gun bacon
Women shiver at work in 'sexist' air conditioning
Air-Conditioning Really Is a Sexist Conspiracy
National War Memorial: Man charged after 'fornicating the statue,' police say
HitchBOT, hitchhiking robot, gets beheaded in Philly
Giant minion causes traffic disruption in Dublin
Vikings Promote Family Day At Training Camp With Adrian Peterson
A woman named Justice is wanted on an attempted murder charge
Kim Jong Un Will Receive A Peace Prize Once Awarded To Gandhi
Kanye West Copyrights the E Minor Chord
Yes, Kim Jong Un is receiving an international peace prize
KKK member at Confederate flag rally confronted for wearing FUBU shoes
Marco Rubio Uses Cecil the Lion to Shame Planned Parenthood Supporters
Man gets told "no" when attempting to rob a doughnut shop, turns self in
Patrick Peterson Says He's "Diabetes Free"
Giant Minion causes chaos on Irish road
Ted Cruz - Scientists Invented Climate Change. "They're cooking the books."
The Rent is Too Damn High: San Fran Residents Pay $1,000/Mth To Live In Shipping Containers
Play doh kinder surprise egg for kids collection GREAT !!!
Judge doesn't regret telling drug offender he'd be 'doing society a favor' if he killed himself in overdose
Ted Cruz Says Climate-Change Fears Falsified by Scientists and Politicians
30-Foot-Tall Inflatable Minion Gets Loose, Rampages Irish Highway
Giant Inflatable Minion Causes Chaos on Dublin Road
'George Washington' launches campaign, plans Iowa visit
Giant Minion Balloon Rampages Irish Highway
Huntington Park May Name 2 Undocumented Immigrants As Commissioners
n Gordon's mom on wearing her son's No. 28 jersey: 'He's got to earn it'
Melvin Gordon's mom on wearing her son's No. 28 jersey: 'He's got to earn it'
Mafia boss Matteo Denaro's henchmen 'used sheep code'
Hitchhiking Robot Is Decapitated And Left In A Ditch After Just Two Weeks
Cornwall kids defy bylaw to stop selling worms
This Wankoff beat her dog until it died and bragged about it
Escaped Alabama inmate captured at Waffle House
Man Upgrades To Windows 10 - It Shows His Wife His Entire Porn Collection
Reporters banned from asking Tom Cruise about Scientology
Police: Man tired of noisy youth fires warning shot in Springfield park
Obama Jokes About Birth Certificate, But Accidental American Status Is No Joke
Donald Trump's cell number published on Gawker as response to him giving out Lindsey Graham's number
Canadian hacktivists use Donald Trump's website to praise Jon Stewart
Italy arrests 11 mafia suspects who 'communicated in sheep code'
Hidden camera found in ladies' room at Glendale restaurant
'I've put the ricotta aside for you' - police crack mafia's sheep-farming code
Fugitive caught after starring in movie
Man, 81, has sex with bush in his front yard
Government to draft 3,000 beggars for singing paeans to Swachh Bharat (Clean India), Beti Bachao (Save the daughter), other campaigns on local trains
Why your office is so cold: Its AC system is designed entirely for men
eSports Has to Grow Up, and Drug-Testing Its Players Is an Important Step
Donald Trump just let the staff of a college magazine into his office to celebrate their endorsement... He didn't realize it was a satire magazine until hours after they left
SAM DUBOSE, SHOT BY COP, HAD TWO POUNDS OF MARIJUANA AND THOUSANDS IN CASH IN HIS CAR
Boy, 8, gets naked lady poster in lucky dip
Giant inflatable Minion blocks highway in Ireland
Man calls police on cat for stealing bacon.
Company requires medical documentation for employees who wear extensions
To Some, Beijing Olympics Song Is Suspiciously Similar to Ballad From Disney's 'Frozen'
Newborn baby pulled alive from toilet in Beijing.
Norway starts school for Vikings
Woman going blind after drinking 28 cans of Red Bull every day
Rottweiler beautiful transformation from stray to healthy dog (5 pictures)
Mum-of-three claims she is going blind after drinking 28 cans of Red Bull a day
Escaped minion causes traffic chaos in Dublin
Is a Patent Troll About to Kill the High-Tech Dildo Industry?
Global Warming Turns Rainforest Leaves into Junk Food
'World's Largest Dildo Battle' Canceled By Parks Department
900mhz signal booster gsm signal repeater
Newtownabbey mum claims she is going blind after drinking 28 cans of Red Bull a day
Twitter Bot Strikes Back at Mentions of 'Illegals'
Gwen Stefani And Gavin Rossdale File For Divorce
Buzz Aldrin walked on Moon, claimed $33.31 in travel expenses
Latest News ~ Latest updates
Ted Cruz Makes 'Mmm ... Machine-Gun Bacon'
You can "honor" Cecil the Lion by buying $2,500 Gold-Plated HTC smartphone
David Cameron used 'swarm' instead of 'plague' in case it implied that God had sent the migrants
Groom 'sues bride for trauma' sustained after he sees her bare-faced
Office Air Conditioning Biased Against Women
Buzz Aldrin walked on the moon - then claimed $33.31 in travel expenses
Groom 'Sues New Wife For Fraud' After Seeing Her Without Make Up For First Time
Welcome to the City of Brotherly Love
Bogota mayoral candidate who bought weed during interview seeks marijuana ban
A large sinkhole swallowed an intersection in Sunset Park section of Brooklyn.
'Iran Van' aiming to change the UK's negative perception of Iran gets mistaken for a bomb threat
Japanese distillery Suntory is sending the world's best whisky into space to test the effects of zero gravity on ageing
Pro-Confederate Man With KKK Tattoo Confronted for Wearing FUBU Sneakers
Physicists announce graphene's latest cousin: stanene
Aussie man get's thrown overboard ship in 'Selfie' conflict
Lame Massachusetts chicken to get 3-D printer prosthetic leg
'Sir, we can't arrest your cat': Man calls police after cat eats his bacon
US sheriff's office Facebook post asks drug dealers to turn in their competitors
Louisiana parish bans saggy pants; $50 fine for first offense
Suspended Cops Say Video of Them Eating Marijuana Edibles During a Raid Violated Their Privacy
Russia submits claim for North Pole
Chinese Winter Olympics anthem is rip-off of Frozen song, say online critics
An Eagles fan beat up hitchBOT, the hitchhiking robot
Hitchhiking robot on world trip gets mugged in US
110-YEAR-OLD WOMAN SAYS MILLER HIGH LIFE IS THE SECRET TO ETERNAL LIFE
YouTube cat videos will replace Restaurant Revolution on Seven
Charles Koch: We're Like The Civil Rights Movement
California cops raid marijuana dispensary and are caught on CCTV munching edibles and playing darts
Melbourne Man Tried to Rob Church During Sermon: Police
Family learned son's cancer was in remission just days before getting attacked by axe wielding man.
Bobbi Kristina 'Death Photo Sold To Media' for more than $100,000
Bankrupt 50 Cent owes close to a million dollars in child support... gives real meaning to "Have a baby by me, baby. Be a millionaire."
Mormon Dad Chokes Up With Sadness After Admitting His 'Deep Thinker' Boy Scout Son Doesn't Hate Gays
Kochs Rebrand Themselves As Champions Of Poor, Fight To Slash Wages And Eliminate Their Health Care
Pez Candy Movie in the Works
Santa Ana police officers sue to quash video of pot shop raid
Don't get caught in a mosquito swarm
Cat eats man's bacon. Man calls 999 to get cat and his girlfriend arrested.
Bill Gates to roll out remote control microchip-based sterilization of women
Sheriff offers drug dealers help with 'competition'
Shooting breaks out at Drake after-party, killing 2 at Canadian nightclub
Office Building Temperatures Unfair To Women, Study Finds
None of the Angry Birds 2 Angry Birds look like happy birds
Getting Higher: SpaceX Wants Rockets to be More Like Cheap Beer and Less Like Cocaine
Air conditioning in your office is sexist.
Welsh town appoints first jester in 700 years
Deadly shooting at Toronto nightclub party featuring Drake
This Penn Nursing Ph.D. just got a Fulbright to study online games
Jeremy Kyle guest refuses to buy girlfriend any TAKEAWAYS after discovering she has feelings for ex
Two in custody after meth lab found inside Cedar Rapids Taco Bell
Old office-temperature rule for men leaves women freezing at work
Georgia Woman Eats Crack Cocaine in Front of Cops in Order to Get Rid of It
Bull gets its revenge as it leaps out of arena and gores president of French bullfighting association in horrifying attack that left him 'screaming in agony'
Drone drops drugs in Ohio prison yard, spurring inmate fight
US Village Paid Ransom to Hackers
Kentucky Sheriff Asks Drugs Dealers to Turn in Rivals
Bill Gates Foiled by Georgia's Powerful Vidalia Onion Regulators
Man hides in bushes in Leiston to catch dog mess offenders
Drone drops drugs, tobacco in Ohio prison yard, hilarity ensues.
110-year-old woman's secret to long life: 3 Miller High Lifes and a shot of Johnnie Walker
Man Reportedly Sues Wife For Fraud After Seeing Her With No Makeup On
Meth lab remnants found in Cedar Rapids Taco Bell; employee among two men in custody
Bill Clinton Tweet Demonstrates Remarkable Lack of Self-Awareness
Arizona man accused of decapitating wife emits howl in court
Staten Island lawyer challenges rival litigant to trial by combat
110-year-old New Jersey woman credits longevity to Miller High Life, whiskey
Company Launches surf leash that's also a tourniquet
Why Office Air Conditioning Is Sexist
Chinese textile manufacturers found a cheap new place for outsourcing: the US
Cop Just Meant Someone Else Should Kill Black Suspect, Police Chief Says About Taped Rant
Indian govt not only blocks porn sites but says even possession of porn is illegal
Springfield City Councilor Suing Community Center For Getting Injured In A Charity Basketball Game
Yankee Candle Introduces New Luke Bryan Scented Candle
Beanie Babies honor Cecil the lion
China's Alibaba plots its global domination by hiring a Canadian former Olympic athlete
Ronda Rousey To Star As Ronda Rousey In Film About Ronda Rousey
India Blocks 857 Pornography Websites, Defying Supreme Court Decision
110 year old New Jersey woman has been drinking three Miller High Life beers per day for the last 70 years
There's a living Christ curing humans of PTSD, due to the rise of psychopaths
Disguised Cristiano Ronaldo performs soccer tricks in Spain, no one notices
Muppets Star Kermit the Frog Confirms Break-Up With Miss Piggy
Alex Jones finally exposed, working for genocidal pedophiles
India Blocks 857 Porn Sites on Advice of Activist Who Says Porn is Worse Than Hitler, AIDS, and Nuclear War
Texas teen claims he was suspended for refusing to say Pledge of Allegiance
Billionaire Bill Gates runs afoul of Georgia's Vidalia onion police
Empire State Building's $1M Cecil the lion display outrages 'Black Lives Matter' supporters
Noise spat pits Bend city councilor vs. treament home
Huntington Park, California, elects two illegal immigrants to serve on City Commission.
Video shows man who allegedly vandalized HitchBOT
Osama bin Laden wanted to marry Whitney Houston, former friend claims
Police: Fake Officer Tried To Pull Over Off-Duty Ohio Cop
Miss Piggy and Kermit just broke up-and love is a lie
Kermit and Miss Piggy Have Broken Up
Man 3-D Prints World's Smallest Circular Saw - And It Works
Iran 'tourism' truck sparks security alert
Destiny Recasts Its Most Important Character With Nolan North
Baltimore's best mayor evah presides over homicide rate not seen in nearly half a century
Trump: Harvard students 'fraudsters and liars'
92-Year-Old Registers To Vote For First Time To Cast Her Ballot For Trump
The Secret to Long Life? God, Beer and Scotch
Man updates his PC to Windows 10 ... only for his wife to find his entire PORN collection transformed into a slideshow on repeat
Woman shot in head in Balintore in row about seagulls
Kevin Bacon demands more male nudity in Hollywood
Study: PE Teachers Biased Against Obese Kids
Whole Foods says $6 'asparagus water' was mistake
Nation Worried That Rest of World Might See Debate
There's a $9,000 watch for your Apple Watch
Donald Trump Turns His Cellphone Voicemail Into a Campaign Ad
Cop threatens daughter for not doing chores with a gun....
New Jersey woman, 110, credits longevity to Miller High Life
Roommates allege that woman put foot shavings in their milk
Kermit the Frog and Miss Piggy have split up; Kermit finds another partner.
Britney Spears' "Toxic" helps girl recover from aneurysm and stroke
The Muppets Stars Kermit the Frog and Miss Piggy Break Up, Love Is Dead
Pink frosted sprinkles doughnut
Boxing fan is jailed for three years after threatening to burn down Viagogo boss's home if he was not paid $1m for confiscated Arsenal season tickets
Deez Nutz is running for President-and polling at 8%
KFC creates a chicken bucket that doubles as a working bluetooth printer
LDS church releases never-before-seen pics of 'seer stone' used by Joseph Smith
Sexist thermostats: Science proves why women freeze at work
Family of the guy who recently killed the Memphis police officer want money... For none other than "support"
Florida pastor takes down armed robber during sermon
Massachusetts chicken will get a prosthetic leg; Owner is paying $2,500 for the procedure
San Francisco Police Department show off $50,000 'Quadskis'
Conan Goes TV-MA For Deadpool Red Band Trailer
Reverse sinkhole? Florida pool pushed OUT of the ground
Giant Minion causes chaos on Dublin road
Santa Ana cops raid same marijuana shop where officers were videotaped seemingly eating pot candies
Gaping sinkhole opens up in Brooklyn, New York
Creditors May Have To Hire Pirates To Seize Oil Ship From "Deadbeat" Ex-Billionaire
These ~Magical~ Jeans Will Conceal Your Farts
Kermit The Frog And Miss Piggy Announce Split
Independent candidate "Deez Nuts" gets 8% of the vote in a match up against Clinton and Trump in a new poll from the Public Polling Policy
Lamp post destroyed by urine falls in street, just misses driver
Miss Piggy and Kermit The Frog break up
Casey Anthony Breaks Silence: Calls Planned Parenthood "Baby Killers"
A high school in southern Illinois successfully fought for retaining its school mascot, The Midgets
A high school in southern Illinois successfully fought to retain its school mascot, The Midgets
Connecticut Mayor Orders Police Not To Report Crime Stats Until After Election
Tickets to Earth 'cousin' Kepler-452b now on sale
Domestic abuse no longer an issue
Meth lab remnants found inside Iowa Taco Bell
Alabama officer kept job after proposal to murder black man and hide evidence
Lizard Man struts his stuff in South Carolina
Two arrested after parts of meth lab found in Taco Bell
Fake Cop Pulled Over for Pulling Over Real Cop
2 employees arrested after meth lab found in Taco Bell
Shirtless 'Tarzan' arrested at Santa Ana Zoo after swinging from trees, trying to get into monkey cages
Giant inflatable minion stops traffic in Dublin
I don't know what to say.
Three women conned Isil out of cash. Now they're internet heroes
Women Suffering Due To Air Conditioning Set To Male Body Temperatures
Lenny Kravitz Has a New Band MEMBER (Hint: It's His Penis) NSFW
Three Chechen Women Con ISIS For $3,300, Face Six Years In Prison
Chechen Women Con ISIS for Vacation Money
Man accused of beating woman with 2-foot long summer sausage
'Cold-Blooded' Florida Mom Accused of Killing Daughter Over a Boyfriend
Copyright troll asks court to ban the term 'Copyright Troll'
Man calls police after cat eats his bacon
Witchcraft cited as possible factor in 'ritualistic' Pensacola triple murder
MISS BUMBUM BRAZIL 2015 KICKS OFF IN SAO PAOLO
A woman's Red Bull addiction is making her go blind.
ReneSola - Green Energy Products
Deez Nuts polls at 8% against Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump
Sheriff: Triple Murders Could Be Tied To Blue Moon
Real-life Game of Thrones: Lawyer seeks trial by combat to resolve lawsuit
'No Racial Slurs' rule went right out the window at Confederate Flag rally
Men wear bras in Hong Kong to protest woman's 'breast assault' conviction
Whole Foods removes $6 "Asparagus Water" from shelves
Ted Cruz Eats Greasy Pig Cooked On A 'Machine Gun'
Drone drops drugs into prison yard, causing fights
Remembering Marilyn Monroe: 53 Years After Her Death
Gwyneth Paltrow uncouples herself from quote
Hong Kong jails woman for 'breast assault' on police officer
Mormon church says their Book of Mormon was actually translated by a rock.
Fast food picks up speed: Iowa police find meth lab inside Taco Bell restaurant
Witchcraft suspected in savage murder of family in Florida
Kelly Osbourne makes racial remark while slamming Trump for racial remark
Drone drops a package of heroin and weed into prison yard
Restaurant Revolution has been replaced by a show about cats.
A transgender woman froze her sperm pre-transition, hoping to have her own child as a woman.
Cop killer Tremaine Wilbourn's family trying to raise money for themselves
A Drug-Smuggling Drone Dropped a Bunch of Drugs in an Ohio Prison Yard, and Chaos Ensued
Cops claim privacy violation, sue over video showing them eating marijuana during raid
Feminism: Why Office Air Conditioning Is Sexist
Nation Worried That Rest of World Might See GOP Debate
The Daily Lives Of Foods And Drinks
Obesity awareness may be causing overeating, finds international study
World peace award for North Korea's Kim Jong-un
Liberals Create Homosexual Version of the Bible That Won't Offend Gays
'Weaponized weed' triggering nude, psychotic rampages in NYC
New York City's new drug threat: 'weaponised marijuana'
New Study Suggests Air Conditioners Are Sexist
People left cars to pick up money scattered on a Singapore highway
Truth revealed behind mysterious pink pigeons invading Bristol
London Bomb Threat: Streets Evacuated After Iranian Peace Van Rides Through City
This Guy Chewed Off His Fingertips And Ate Them In An Attempt To Avoid Being Fingerprinted
Man chews off his own fingerprints in an attempt to not be identified by police
Palestinians protect Israeli policewoman as Jewish settlers clash with farm workers
US SENATOR PUSHES FORWARD WITH PLAN TO ELECTRIFY 50 MILLION AFRICANS
Parents of the Decapitated HitchBOT Say He Will Live On
Kelly Osbourne: 'Who is going to be cleaning your toilet, Donald Trump?'
China says TPP should be transparent, open
Fly another day? Former 007 Pierce Brosnan stopped at airport over knife
Police refuse to attend burglaries to odd numbered houses
The Darkness Of Cecil's Death, Jane Goodall Sees Light
Porn DVD sales up, prices hit the roof
Florida man tried to rob church during sermon
Police 'only investigate attempted burglaries at even-numbered homes'
Sod Mars...North Korea Puts a Man on Saturn!
Police fail to attend burglaries if victims live in odd-numbered houses.
Indonesian foundation defends awarding Kim Jong Un peace prize
Police failed to fully investigate home invasions for three months 'if house had odd number'
ISIS executes 19 women for refusing to practice sex with its fighters, says Kurdish official
Jeffco health: Person who put cigarette in bat's mouth may have rabies
Deez Nuts is running for president and America is saved
Woman 'going blind' after drinking 28 Red Bulls every day
Porn is worse than Hitler, claims activist Indian lawyer
India lifts porn ban after widespread outrage
MADD president resigns after charged with impaired driving
Presidential poll shows Walker leads Trump in Minnesota; Deez Nuts trails
Noel Edmonds says death doesn't exist and 'electrosmog' is more deadly than Ebola or AIDs
Man guzzles stolen wine in H-E-B bathroom, stuffs sushi in pants, police say
Mormon church releases photos of 'seer stone' used by founder Joseph Smith
Good news, you've won £50. Bad news, because you look like a horse
How your washing machine can steal computer files
Couple steps on live grenade while taking a walk near a Colorado lake.
Trump on GOP Debate: 'I'd Like It to Be Very Civil'
Iggy Azalea admits she got a nose job: 'plastic surgery is an emotional journey'
Man with hammer challenges bar to a fight, then gets pizza
Child-care benefit could be a potential $43,160 bonanza for B.C. polygamist with 133 children
Chris Christie Informs Diner Patron That He Uses Birth Control
Sheriff: Pensacola Triple Murder May Be Tied to Blue Moon
Why China is crazy for crayfish
Office air conditioning biased against women, says science
Mere sight of a gun makes police - and public - more aggressive, experts say
A basketball tournament disqualifies a team because one player is a girl. In 2015.
Ex-surgeon arrested after Fla. man left with 'deformed penis'
Iowa couple aims to buy 1,000 billboards denouncing ‪Same Sex ‪Marriage
110-year-old woman says the secret behind her astonishingly long life is three Miller High Life beers a day - and a shot of whiskey
Groom sues bride after seeing her without make up
I Don't Let My Kids Watch Winnie The Pooh Because I Don't Want Them Idolizing A Fat Virgin
Isis Android app launched to let supporters keep up with news and propaganda
Is air conditioning sexist?
Two arrested after running meth lab in Taco Bell
Steve King Says It's Legal, So I Tried To Marry My Lawnmower
We are not alone, says Vatican: Pope's chief astronomer says alien life exists, but it is unlikely to have been visited by Jesus
Re-sentencing decision expected for Elkhart teen on sex offender registry
Drone drops half pound of weed, heroin, and tobacco into prison yard, brawl ensues
Ted Cruz sizzles up 'machine-gun bacon' in hopes to win GOP nomination
Chris Christie: 'I've used birth control, and not just the rhythm method'
Florida triple murder tied to 'witchcraft' and blue moon, police say
TV networks are stuffing more and more ads into the commercial breaks in a 'desperate' attempt to counter plummeting ratings
Young prisoner escaped on surfboard
Indian leopard strolls into a woman's bedroom, falls asleep watching TV
Friends of Joe Biden Worry a Run for President Could Bruise His Legacy
Cloverhill inmates coaxed down from prison roof with snack boxes
A Brawl Erupted After a Drone Dropped Drugs Into an Ohio Prison Yard
Kids yoga... with horses...
20 Awful Playgrounds That Will Get Your Parenting License Revoked
Police Skipped Break-In Attempts At Odd Numbers
The 6 Trumpisms Donald Trump will trumpet in the Trump debate
Two Arrested After Meth Lab Remnants Found in Iowa Taco Bell Yo quiero ... meth?
Surgeons warned playing drum and bass during operations puts patients at greater risk
Fox Names Top Ten Narcissists in America
Christian radio host: God let kids die in Sandy Hook massacre as punishment for 'the blood of the unborn'
Lettuce burgers are the newest menu item at McDonalds
The Grateful Dead Is Resurrected Once More, This Time With John Mayer
Is China's Winter Olympics song a Frozen rip-off?
'It's just abnormal': Man arrested after accidentally butt dialing his friend while having 'sex with his dog' and recording the act
Ted Cruz cooks 'gun barrel bacon' in Iowa
Alleged shoplifters say they heard 'free holiday' instead of 'tax free'
Minion mayhem: giant inflatable stops traffic in Dublin
MAN CLAIMS HE'S TARZAN, SWINGS FROM TREES, TRIES TO ENTER SANTA ANA ZOO MONKEY EXHIBIT
Man claims he's 'Tarzan,' swings from tress, tries to enter Santa Ana Zoo Monkey Exhibit
Wallet lost during World War II returned to California veteran
Queens residents frustrated as raccoons take over neighborhood
Kermit, Miss Piggy separate - love is officially dead
The independent candidate "Deez Nutz" is polling at 8% in Minnesota right now.
Woman writes off salad after allegedly finding frog in bag of organic spinach
South Africa police 'recover stolen car 22 years ago'
Obama: Iran deal builds on diplomacy that won Cold War
Kermit the Frog and Miss Piggy break up just in time for new 'Muppets' series
Two Arrested for Running Meth Lab Out of Iowa Taco Bell
The independent candidate "Deez Nuts" is polling at 8% in Minnesota right now.
Obama admits some unfrozen Iran cash will fund terror
Target to Rename State Street Store as 'Target'
This 92-Year-Old Woman Registered to Vote Just to Cast a Ballot for Trump
Hottest woman in Sportscasting has hottest temper.
Mississippi Truck Driver Who Didn't Vote Because He Was Out Of Town Wins Democratic Primary
Boater accidentally drains stretch of Grand Union Canal
Texas preacher warns the next Jade Helm could wipe Texas off the map
STL woman attempts to steal jet, fly to China
Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog split up.
AriZona Tea Exposed By FDA For Using Human Urine In Products; Will Be Taken Off Shelves
Lewis Black calls Jon Stewart "the Walter Cronkite of his generation"
The independent candidate "Deez Nuts" is polling at 8% in Minnesota.
Cops Sue Over Video That Allegedly Shows Them Eating Weed Candy During Raid
Kevin Bacon campaigns for more male nudity in Hollywood
Retired nurse commits suicide to avoid growing old
Groom sues bride for not looking pretty without make-up
Meek Mill threatens to give Drake a wedgie
Meek Mill Fires More Insults at Drake, Threatens to Wedgie Rapper
Arby's to run ad forgiving Jon Stewart for all the times he made fun of them (x-post from holyfruits in /r/television)
Trudeau will exceed expectations 'if he comes on stage with his pants on': Harper spokesperson on debate
Homer Simpson Figured Out Higgs Boson 14 Years Before Scientists
San Fransisco's Infrastructure Is Falling Apart Because People Keep Peeing On It
Trudeau Will Impress In Debate 'If He Comes On Stage With Pants On': Kory Teneycke
Truck driver wins Dem nomination for Miss. governor
Trudeau will win debate points 'if he comes on stage with his pants on': Tory spokesman
Cops Say "Ritualistic" Triple Murder May Be Tied to Blue Moon, Witches
Three-Story-Tall Lamp Post Collapses Onto Occupied Car, Urine To Blame
Mississippi trucker wins Democratic gubernatorial primary after spending $0
Detroit boy, 11, charged with manslaughter in 3-year-old's shooting death (x-post r/Detroit)
Bill Clinton called Trump ahead of his 2016 launch
Pack of foxes chase Yellowknife man in residential area
Detroit boy, 11, charged with manslaughter in 3-year-old's shooting death
Are Humans Really Part Of A Game For Robots? Scientists Claim The Universe Could Be FAKE
Tom Brady's reaction to being told he has to buy an $8,500 pool cover is priceless
Dearborn Arab community concerned with FBI flyovers
Bill Clinton 'Encouraged' Trump to Run
Someone strapped an Apple Watch to this $100,000 watch because rich people
Democrats add Donald Trump to list of serious Republican candidates
Alleged shoplifters say they heard 'free weekend' not 'tax free...'
Atheist minister fighting United Church's effort to fire her
Pastor thinks Starbucks flavors lattes with "gay semen"
Trump: Mexico will pay for wall because I say so
Anti-Gay Pastor: 'Let's Just Say I Know' Starbucks Is Using Semen In Lattes
Teammates Dropping 'Game of Thrones' Spoilers Are Tearing NFL Locker Rooms Apart
Poll trump leads gop field among hispanics records 34 favorability
India drops ban on online porn after backlash
DOJ Asks Congress to Reverse DOJ Opinion
Donald Trump Fined After Wig Maker Reveals Use Of Endangered Species' Hair
Drone delivers bundle of drugs to prison yard, causes serious hoopla
Whole Foods says $6 "Asparagus Water" was a mistake
Crime-fighting twist: Sheriffs ask drug dealers to turn in their rivals
Conservative news site freaks out over 'demon' appearance in video of Obama's Kenya visit
Obama: Killing Humans And Harvesting Their Organs Is An Atrocity That Must End
Brooke Hogan Defends Father Hulk Hogan, Says She Was Once Told White People Smell Like Bologna
Brooke Hogan Defends Father, Says She Was Once Told White People Smell Like Bologna
Ex-Blue Angels leader oversaw painting of giant blue and gold penis
Federal Government guide suggests female-friendly workplaces won't work
NK man who reportedly posed as cop charged after stopping real police officer
Man Who Left Suspicious Bag Outside Obama's Home Claimed To Be President's Son
Shirtless man climbs Santa Ana zoo monkey exhibit, screams "I am Tarzan!"
Bondsmen mistakenly seek Oklahoma fugitive at home of Phoenix police chief
More And More Straight Guys Are Giving Each Other "Bro-Jobs"
A lamp post corroded by urine topples over and nearly crushes a driver in San Francisco.
Bounty hunters mistakenly try to raid home of Phoenix PD chief
Leicestershire police 'ignore' attempted burglaries at odd-numbered houses
Lamp post corroded by urine topples over and nearly kills a driver in San Francisco
Over 9,000 Fights: The Enduring Cartoon Violence of 'Dragon Ball Z'
Man charged after he gave a 4 year old a "Wet Willy".
Lowe's Delivery Driver Says Store Halted a Delivery Because He's Black
Candidate who didn't even vote wins Democratic nomination
Cops who stole and gobbled weed candy complain that security camera violated their privacy
FiveThiryEight Puts a Price Tag on the Stress of Having a Child
Zimbabwe perspective on Cecil.
Active Meth Lab Found Inside Taco Bell
Jeb Bush campaign seeks to clarify 'anti-woman' comment with pro-life record
Watch: Agnes Fenton, 110, drank three beers a day
Reading City Council President Francis Acosta admits taking bribe to repeal ethics law
Two Special Olympics participants are lost and subsequently found. Now a third participant is lost.
Immigrant advocates alarmed after raid of tortilla factory
Arby's to 'Daily Show' Host Jon Stewart: No Hard Feelings
Researchers Teach Gorilla Sign Language and Gorilla Immediately Comes Out As Gay
Tourists face jail time for declaring legal handguns at NYC landmarks
The Hardest Part of NFL Training Camp: 'Game of Thrones' Spoilers
Shirtless Man Claims to Be Tarzan, Tries Swinging Into Monkey Exhibit at O.C. Zoo; Was Likely on Meth: Police
Looking for a summer vacation destination? ISIS releases tourist brochure
Cannabis smokers in California can soon pay for pot using Bitcoin and get it delivered by drone (x-post from r/bitcoin
Man accused of naked cemetery visit appears in court
Man with KKK Tattoo wears FUBU shoes to rally
Taco Bell worker ran meth lab inside restaurant to 'stay high all the time'
New DEA Chief: 'Heroin Is Clearly More Dangerous Than Marijuana'
Chaos as giant Minion rolls down street, over cars
Some Friends Explored an Abandoned Missile Silo. What They Found is Nightmarish.
Higher pay may boost productivity, new study says
Man charged for fraud over pizza purchase
Bail bondsmen accidentally raid phoenix police chief's home
Multi-Car Accident Closes SB-71; Naked Man Caught Running from Accident
Gay teens have higher pregnancy rates than their straight peers
Bernie Sanders to Visit Liberty University
Bounty hunters mistakenly target Phoenix police chief's house
Chinese steel is now cheaper than cabbage
JDate claims to own the concept of connecting 2 people based on mutual attraction
Cecil's memory kept alive with commemorative cellphones, clothing and plush toys
Harper says he 'loves' TV shows, opposes 'Netflix tax'
Stephen King proposes Trump campaign slogan: 'If you're white, you're all right!'
Man claims he's "Tarzan," swings from trees, tries to enter zoo monkey exhibit.
Suspects in Soulard Carjacking range from 6 to 15 years old
The creepiest weatherman ever
Romance Is Dead, Kermit The Frog And Miss Piggy Have Broken Up
Man sues wife for trauma after seeing her without makeup
Man seeks to become internationally touring pipe organist by any means necessary
Spy agency whistleblower on 4chan was told his classified report was "fake and gay" -- it was deleted one hour later
A Designer Created Amazing Cookie Cutters You Must Buy
A man is suing his new wife for fraud after seeing her without make up for the first time
Child Psychologist Arrested on Child Pornography Charges
Bill Murray saves the life of a child from oncoming traffic
Bill Murray Saves The Life Of A Child In London England
Santa Ana police have sued to prevent internal affairs from seeing their abuse of power caught on a security camera during a pot-shop raid. Must see video.
Grannyball Lecter: Woman ripper, 68, murdered, chopped up and ate 14 victims
A 110-year-old woman says 3 beers a day is the secret to living longer
Naked man runs after crashing into 6 vehicles, OSP says
Is Technopicnic the future of travel kit?
Bounty Hunters Mistakenly Raid Home of Phoenix Police Chief
Northern defence spending logical unless penguins attack us, Tasmanian senator Eric Abetz says
Toronto Man Accused of 'Fornicating' War Memorial Is Released From Jail
Canada Post orders workers to deliver anti-abortion flyers targeting Trudeau
Wyoming Man Found With 30 Eyeballs Stuffed Up His Anus
Australian man involved in a shark attack beats shark to death with his own severed leg
Taco Bell restaurant was a meth lab
WND has exclusively broken a story involving the 44 US president and a demon; namely that the latter has appeared in front of the former
Study: Blocking certain protein reduces fat in blood
Woman wearing 'cow print onesie' robs man at gunpoint in Belfast
Spy agency whistle-blower posted top secret report to 4chan but users dismiss it as 'fake and gay'
Health officials warn that you could die playing GOP debate drinking games: 'It's just a formula for disaster'
Man arrested after giving 4 year old a wet willy
No longer myth; Actor Bill Murray divulges his superhero alter-ego, saving 9 year old London girl at in very last second from certain death
Stephen King Has Written a Campaign Slogan for Donald Trump
Afghan president holds Pakistani identity card
Police In Cinema Shootout With Axe-Wielding Man
Witches offended as Florida triple slaying linked to 'witchcraft'
Dragon Ball Z Characters Fusion With Marvel/DC Superheroes
Snowden wannabe leaked files to 4Chan, but no one believed him
London Blogger Claims It'd Be Cheaper For Him To Commute From Spain Than Live In His Own City
Man saves cash commuting to work from Barcelona to London
Cops: Shirtless, Meth-Toting Man Claimed to Be Tarzan as He Climbed Trees at Zoo
Security guard shots himself and place fake bomb at University of Oslo, claimed he was shot by two men. Apparently, for no reason
Keith Richards Says the Beatles' 'Sgt. Pepper's' Was 'a Mishmash of Rubbish'
NC county commissioner storms out of meeting during Muslim prayer: 'I don't need no Arab telling me what to do'
Keith Richards thinks The Beatles' classic Sgt Pepper's album was "a mishmash of rubbish"
Russia Defends Imported Condom Ban, Says Lovers to Become 'Strict and Discriminating'
Sen. Lindsey Graham says his foreign policy is 'a clenched fist and an open hand'
Man rides bicycle on interstate during Boston rush hour
Soldiers have to shout 'bang bang' during training because they've run out of bullets
Police: Man kills ex-girlfriend, her grandmother because son wasn't named after him
Woman dies after illegal butt injection procedeure at St. Louis hotel
Surgeons warned that playing drum and bass during operations can be detrimental to patient health
Man accused of masturbating outside his home
Bounty hunter arrested after mistaking Phoenix police chief for target
Drone drops drugs into Ohio prison yard, inmate brawl ensues
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Has a Gender Pay Problem
Busta Rhymes Arrested for Chucking Strawberry Protein Shake at Man's Head
Drug suspect linked to Powerball winner posts $6 million bond
Meth Lab in Taco Bell
Did slavery cause Civil War? Many Americans don't think so
Rob Ford's anti-cancer song hits #1 on iTunes chart
Chernobyl Stag Parties: British Bachelors in Eastern Europe
Pornhub Launches An Unlimited Streaming Service, Pornhub Premium
Paul Stanley Fronting Soul Cover Band
Jogger to pay $300K for making U-turn in front of cyclist
Sorority Women Aim To Combat Stereotypes With Moving Hashtag
Algerian man sues wife one day after wedding after seeing her without make-up
Drink driving Castledawson mum put Gypsy curse on PSNI officer
The Latest GOOGLE Check On alittlecorruption.com
Pornhub is emulating Netflix with its new premium streaming service
father raped 8 DAY old son
Wicca experts slam Florida sheriff for linking triple murder to 'witchcraft'
DEA Leader Now Certain: Heroin Obviously More Dangerous Than Pot
#NotGay: So, Is Giving a "Bro-Job" Really a Thing with Straight Guys?
To Defend Iran Deal, Obama Boasts that He's Bombed Seven Countries
Forget Mickey! Mom throws party for toddler obsessed with personal injury lawyer
Britain needs more slums
Farewell To Jon Stewart, The Left's Donald Trump
Dallas bomb squad finds no explosives in gift bag left at police headquarters
Former president George W. Bush not chosen for Dallas jury
Kylie Jenner Gets A Pet Bunny, Names It Bruce
Kylie Jenner Adopts a Bunny, Names Him Bruce
The Dodgers Welcome Newest Advertising Partner, Brazzers
Moon Ruins Perfectly Good Photo of Earth by Running in Front of the Camera
Fat kids don't know they're fat anymore
Why Is American Beer So Bland?
Donald Trump calls for 'civil' debate
Flying mako shark terrifies fisherman
Man on meth claims to be Tarzan, tries to enter monkey exhibit: cops
University IT dept. creates giant wheel out of iMac boxes
Survey suggests strong popular support for 'Jew-free' Romania
Russia Bulldozes Cheese to Mark Sanctions Anniversary
White Officer Recovering After Shootout With Black Suspect
ISIS Social Media Recruiters Scammed By 3 Chechen Girls
DeSean Jackson Stopped By Blocking Sled
Anonymous is the New KKK, Say Black Lives Matter Leaders
December 2012 'Killed a child would be little more than a trophy': As America sees the worst killing spree in its history, an expert explains the chilling psychology behind spree killers
Canada's Big Election Issue: The Netflix Tax
Highway Patrol applicant gets 20 years for child porn
Georgia claims that publishing its state laws for free online is 'terrorism'
Russia to sanction foreign condoms
Ryan Adams Recording Smiths-Style Covers LP of Taylor Swift's '1989'
Jared Leto's Lawyer Strenuously Objects To Claims That Her Client Has A Large - Yes, Large - Penis
Ashes series 2015: Australia bowled out for 60
Jeb Bush Uncensored: 'Donald Trump Is An A**hole.'
Jeb Bush campaign store selling $75 guacamole bowl
Oblivious Klansman Wears Hip-Hop Brand Shoes, Doesn't Get It
Indianapolis Colts, whose owner Jim Irsay was famously arrested and charged with 4 felony counts of possession of a control substance, ask fans to bring their unused or expired prescription medications to training camp to receive a free DVD.
Man SUES Wife For Fraud When He See's Her Without Make-Up for the first time
Candidates are so ridiculous that debate night drinking games could lead to death, says health officials
Massive Minion causes chaos in Dublin traffic
A semen-il pint: Wellington pub and brewer create beer laced with stag semen
Prisoner surfs out of Norway jail
Form for Drug Dealers to Snitch on Competitors Results in an Arrest
'Formula For Disaster': Health Officials Warn That You Could Die Playing GOP Debate Drinking Games
A white Alabama police officer was caught on a secret recording discussing ways to kill a black man and cover it up, it was revealed Tuesday.
Vanderbilt football sends out, then deletes, tone-deaf tweet: 'We don't need your permission'
Vanderbilt football apologizes after 'We don't need permission' tweet
Steven Seagal in Russia to assess diamond producer in the unusual capacity of investment analyst. WTF?
Norwegian prisoner breaks free from island prison using surfboard.
Police Discover Active Meth Lab Inside a Taco Bell Restaurant
The Russian Orthodox Church is distributing free mayonnaise to the needy, again
Unarmed White Teen Shot to Death By Police and Nobody Cares
Louisville's renegade Laser Tag players cause NCAA violation
Tesla to offer faster 'Ludicrous Mode'
Window cleaner falls from Apple Store on George Street
Spider-Man fights with bystander in New York's Times Square
Unarmed White Teen Shot by Police and Nobody Cares
'Britain needs more slums': Think-tank forced to defend blog proposing favela-style dwellings in the UK
Meek Mill threatens to give Drake a wedgie over diss track
Why is Kim Jong-un receiving a peace prize?
Donald Trump Thinks You Should Be Able To Bring Guns Anywhere, Except His Own Hotels
Mayonnaise Spill Causes Delays on I-94 in Maple Grove
PD: Man charged after giving a 'wet willy' to a 4-year-old
Florida man tries to carjack police car with steak knife: cops
Psychologists Urge People With Low Self-Esteem to Watch G.O.P. Debate
Staten Island lawyer demands trial by combat
Making Your Construction Needs Hassle Free
Irish Satire News Site "Waterford Whispers News" sent cease and desist letter from Billionaire they have made fun of for suing everyone.
"Humor itself is a sexist phenomenon invented by the patriarchy". Girl insists everything is terrible while knowing nothing about topic
San Francisco Lamp Post Falls Over Because People, Animals Kept Urinating On It
Lamp Post in San Francisco Falls Over Because People, Animals Keep Urinating On It
Fox News blames Bert and Ernie for Piggy/Kermit split
Jeb Bush Wants to Sell You a $75 Guacamole Bowl
The DEA admits that marijuana is safer than heroin
The Colts want you to give them drugs
Truck driver wins Dem nomination for Mississippi governor
Urine-corroded street lamp falls three stories, barely misses driver
Young white woman beaten during robbery not a hate crime :o
Bounty Hunter Accidentally Raid Police Chief's Home
Everything you need to know about the terrorist caught in India; the one who says, he loves killing people
Dutch soldiers are shouting 'bang, bang' because they've run out of bullets
Police: Meth-addled 'Tarzan' breaks into zoo, swings from trees.
Houston Texans' Arian Foster Goes Public About Not Believing in God
Busta Rhymes Arrested for Throwing Protein Drink
Iraqi War Veteran Leaves Note on Car Illegally Parked in Handicap Space
San Francisco group proposes 300-mile, $7.3B wall to keep Burning Man attendees from returning
Putin Lays Claim to North Pole
Subway Station Swarmed With Bees After Man Kicks Open Beehive
Thieves are caught after posting pictures of them and their loot on Facebook
Human Soup? Japanese Spa Offers a Ramen Noodle Bath
Child porn suspect likes 'My Little Pony'
Rick Perry Forgets How Long He Spent As Governor
Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD) chapter president charged with impaired driving, resigns
iTunes is Illegal Under UK Copyright Law
Fox Broadcasting Company Sues Fox News
Fraternity Groups Push Bills To Limit College Rape Investigations
Taco Bell Employee Admits He Set Up Meth Lab So He Could Be High 'All the Time'
Sanders schedules stop at Liberty University
Why Donald Trump Is Better Than You
11-Year-Old Girl 'Allergic' to Sunlight
Get Your Free Tacos Tonight, Courtesy of Donald Trump
Doctor Sings Happy Birthday to Every Baby He Delivers
Carly Fiorina Left Her Debate Remarks on a Hotel Printer
Fraternity Groups Supporting Legislation That Would Limit College Rape Investigations
MADD chapter president charged with impaired driving, resigns
Lobsters fly from Halifax to Shanghai, as Chinese demand skyrockets
GOP Debate: Rick Perry's Campaign Denies He Said 'Ronald Raven'
Dutch soldiers forced to shout 'bang' because they are out of bullets
Man Arrested After Allegedly Giving Child Wet Willy
Eat 24: When Donald Trump Says 'Mexico' We Give You Free Tacos
Russia strikes back at the West by incinerating huge mounds of pork fat(x - /r/russia)
A Nicki Minaj Videogame Is In The Works - And She's Creative Director
Walmart Under Fire for Treatment of Breastfeeding Mom
Company offers free taco every time Trump says 'Mexico' during debate
Donald Trump said it's okay to call women "fat pigs, dogs, slobs, and disgusting animals" in the GOP Debate
James Franco Will Play Twins In HBO Porn Drama
Huckabee: Purpose of Military is 'to Kill People and Break Things'
Couple conceives baby via mail
Real-life Popeye arm wrestler Matthias Schlitte has enormous arm
Mysterious White Dots Appear On Cars And Cause Panic In Small Georgia Town
An 'unarmed' white teen was shot dead by police. His family asks: Where is the outrage?
Handheld High Power phone wireless Jammer-Omni directional Antennas - See more at: http://goodsignaljammer.com/product/handheld-high-power-phone-wireless-jammer-omni-directional-antennas/#sthash.cHXiFsC6.dpuf
Turning Back the Clock: North Korea Creates Pyongyang Standard Time
Santeria priest claims sexual assault was part of healing ritual, police say
N. Korea to push back standard time by 30 min.: KCNA
Homeless Conn. man charged with giving random child 'Wet Willy'
Federal appeals court: Drug dog that's barely more accurate than a coin flip is good enough
North Korea to Set up New Time Zone, Push Clocks Back
Mayonnaise Spill Causes Traffic Delays
North Korea's new time zone to break from 'imperialism'
Bounty Hunters Mistakenly Raid Phoenix Police Chief
Man charged after giving 'wet willy' to 4-year-old
During the GOP debate, Hillary Clinton was hanging with the Jenner-Kardashian-West clan
Donald Trump blames political correctness for backlash over calling women 'fat pigs'
Real Housewives of North Korea Taking Crystal Meth to Lose Weight
LEAKED Hillary Clinton's 6-Step Plan to Becoming Beloved American President
Karl Stefanovic strips on live TV after Australia's Ashes disaster
Third Graders Wrote Open Letter To Disney Asking It To End Stereotyping
Russia Bulldozes Cheese Mountain
Penis deformed: Ex-Boynton surgeon from Tamarac accused
Why straight men have sex with each other
NBA player blames nagging arm injury on larger-screened iPhone 6 Plus
North Korea to set clocks to its own time
Australian Whistleblower Leaks Spy Documents to 4chan, 4chan Ignores Them, Calls Them "Gay"
North Korea adjusts its clocks by 30 minutes to create new 'Pyongyang timezone'
North Korea to turn clocks back by 30 minutes to establish own time zone
Whole Foods stops selling water filled with asparagus after realising it's ridiculous
Surgeons have been warned to stop playing drum and bass during operations
Craving Cock of the Walk's coleslaw? Here's where you can get it, starting next week
Steven Seagal in Russia to Assess Diamond Producer Alrosa
'My Little Pony' sexually arouses child-porn suspect, report says
Man jailed for 30 years in Thailand for insulting the monarchy on Facebook
I've been down-voted to hell.
North Korea creates its own time zone
Putin submits a bid to claim North Pole
North Korea Is Creating Its Own Time Zone to Spite The 'Wicked Japanese Imperialists'
North Korea sets clocks back 30 minutes creating its own time zone
Những dấu hiệu nhận biết bệnh lậu ở nam và nữ giới
Meth Lab found in Taco Bell in Iowa
Grown Man Who Was Formula Fed Wants To Know Why
Roanoke jogger to pay $300K for making U-turn in front of cyclist
207 Mass Shootings In 2015 Alone, Only 1 Committed By A Muslim
North Korea pushes its clocks back 30 minutes to create its own timezone
Animas River closed to public after EPA dumps 1M gallons of waste
Ohio Democrats critical of GOP field in Cleveland
Failing New York high school gives eleventh grade students The Three Little Pigs to read amid criticism pupils are not being challenged enough
Court rules against Goodfellas actor claiming The Simpsons stole his likeness
'Fantastic Four' director swears he's not responsible for 'Fantastic Four' movie
North Korea announced Friday it was moving its clocks backwards 30 minutes to create a new "Pyongyang Time"
The Indianapolis Colts want your prescription drugs
Art series breaks LGBTQ stereotypes with striking illustrations
Argument over video games leads to east side shooting
Taxi driver calls mayor 'puppet of Uber' after Watson compared cabbies to 'thugs'
'If I were a woman I will fall in love with his excellency': Thai general admits man crush on China's foreign minister Wang Yi
Huckleberry Finn appears in court on rape charge
Judge sentences East Texas man to get married or face jail time
Thailand's foreign minister admits to 'crush' on Chinese counterpart
Naked Man Runs Along Highway After Causing 6-Car Pile-Up
Accused cattle thief wants dead cow alive
Judge sentences East Texas man to get married and write Bible verses or face jail time
Algerian groom seeks $20,000 in damages after seeing wife without makeup for the first time
North Korea creates new time zone as a snub to Japan
There's an actual 'Florida Man' art exhibit in Miami
'Florida Man' On Exhibit In Miami
Report: Ypsilanti man sold backpack full of dirty socks as marijuana for $2,800
Julie Quist of MNCPL: American Library Association is comprised of "sexual extremists"
Fraud plea in dirty socks sold as marijuana
Man having sex with his dog caught by pocket dialing
Rex Ryan eats dog treats to fight animal cruelty
Tea Party Lawmaker Faked Gay Sex Scandal To Hide Affair With Female Rep
Corroded By Urine, San Fransisco Light Pole Collapses, Nearly Killing Man
Homeless man facing jail time after giving 4 year old wet willie
Politician reportedly leaked fake male prostitution emails to hide his real affair with another Republican state rep
When Debate Moderator Asks 'Show of Hands' Question, Only Trump Raises His - Then Things Get Tense
FBI Considers Recruiting High School Students for Cybersecurity Squads
Stockton Woman's Phone Number Mistakenly Printed on Planned Parenthood Flier
A study about butter, funded by the butter industry, found that butter is bad for you
Report: Mich. lawmaker fabricated male prostitute story to hide affair
Delhi police nabs ISIS sympathiser after he turned up at Iraq Embassy with his CV
State rep. planned to accuse himself of gay sex scandal to hide affair
Prime Minister of Canada shares hotel with Hell's Angels
North Korea to Move 30 Minutes Backward to Create Its Own Time Zone
Russian Communist party launches 'Lenin selfie' project
Record cover was 'child porn' says Swedish court
KLTV : Judge sentences East Texas man to get married or face jail time
Russia bulldozes 'cheese mountain' following Putin ban on Western food
Australian hotel apologises for offering diners 'grilled Aborigine'
Researchers Program Robot to Run from Kid Bullies
Woman pays attacker $20 to not rape her
Trump Is Looking Into Whether He Actually Said Those Things About Women
Hillary Clinton Spent the GOP Debate Hanging With Kim and Kanye
Burning question at GOP debate: Is Joe Flacco elite?
New York White Supremacist Blows Off His Own Leg While Making Bombs at His House
'Granny Ripper' dismembered, possibly cannibalized victims
North Korea invents new time zone, "Pyongyang Time"
Man Caught Having Sex With His Dog After Accidentally Phoning A Friend During The Act
North Korea to Go Back in Time
Lenny Kravitz says photos of his penis are a "breach of human rights"
North Korea turns back clocks to create new time zone
Judge Forces Man To Marry Girlfriend Or Go To Jail
Pot-Eating Cops Caught on Video Have Filed Lawsuit Claiming Violation of Privacy
7th Circuit says sorry about forgetting case for 5 years (xpost /r/law)
Man's privates disappear after wedding - suspects ex-wife bewitched him
Sony Pictures Acquires Miles Davis Biopic Despite Having No Idea Who Miles Davis Was
Urine danger from San Francisco's pee-soaked light poles toppling
EPA Cleanup efforts spills 1 million gallons of mine runoff waste water into Colorado river.
East Texas man told to get married or go to jail
20+ Little Lonely Houses For The Solitary Soul
Botched EPA Cleanup Spills Mining Waste Into River in Colorado
North Korea Invents Own Time Zone, 'Pyongyang Time'
Child gets plague after visiting Yosemite National Park
Man With "Who Dat" Forehead Tattoo Accused Of Grabbing Officers' Balls
Most retweeted GOP debate tweet was written by Bernie Sanders
North Korea to set up its own time zone
Michigan Tea Partiers tried to plant "male on male paid for sex" scandal in order to "inoculate the herd" against news of their affair
Venomous frogs discovered during painful scientific mishap
Police: Homeless man gives 4 year old wet willy
EPA team spills million gallons of waste water into Colorado rivers
Texas judge orders young man to marry girlfriend and write Bible verses to avoid jail time
Michigan pol reportedly tried to fake male prostitute scandal to hide relationship
EPA Pollutes Colorado River
Man arrested in connection with killing of baby goose
Inmate escapes from picturesque island prison in Norway using surfboard and a toy shovel
Texas sumo wrestler charged with aggravated kidnapping
Police: Teens hid heroin inside their vaginas
Donald Trump Piñatas Are a Hit In Mexico: "This pinata especially is the one everyone wants to break."
Another Vibrator Thief Strikes at Orland Lover's Lane
Donald Trump Piñatas Are a Hit In Mexico
Uganda's top court bans 'bride price' refund after divorce
Toronto Hosts 'Deliciously Disabled' Orgy, Coincides With Parapan Am Games 2015
Casual sex and various partners are keys on how men could improve sperm quality
Hillary spends debate with Kim and Kanye
'Unlucky thief' had car repossessed while stealing from Wal-Mart
EPA Dumps One Million Gallons of Wastewater Into Colorado River
Antigay Republican lawmaker covers up sex scandal by faking gay affair
North Korea Is Creating Its Own Time Zone Today
Buffalo hospitals expecting mini baby boom after "Snowvember" storm
7th Circuit says sorry about forgetting case for 5 years
Georgia Southern Study Shows Overweight and Obese Teens Think They Are 'Just Fine'
Report: Michigan lawmaker sought to distract from alleged affair by smearing himself
Snowvember storm baby boom in Buffalo
Tea Party Michigan Legislator Tried to Concoct a False Flag Male Prostitute Scandal
Game Of Thrones superfan accused of fraud demands trial by combat
Texas Judge Orders Man to Marry His Girlfriend or Go to Jail
Surgeons warned not to play drum and bass during operations
Texas judge gives man a choice: get married or go to jail
Resident calls 911 over man walking 'very deliberately' with Confederate flag
Woman avoided rape in Brooklyn by paying creep $20: cops
Nude' Baristas Take Over a Coffee Shop for Nestlé's New Creamer Campaign
The 'Berenstein Bears' internet conspiracy might rock your childhood
'Game of Thrones' Superfan Demands Trial by Combat in New York Supreme Court Case
Police Department Does Reasonable Thing
Politician reportedly leaked fake male prostitution e-mails to hide his real affair
Protein powder evacuates UCF fraternity house
Acquitted narcotics cop to be fired again
Yorkie saves Boone, Nc man from Bigfoot
Man arrested for drugged driving, but not before selfie with officer
Bounty Hunter: Texted Tip Led to Raid on Police Chief's Home
Drivers thought man's dismembered body was a deer
VIDEO: Boone man says Yorkie 'saved me' from Bigfoot
Suspicious White Powder at UCF Fraternity Actually Protein Powder
Driver dies after taking selfie behind the wheel before crashing into a truck
Pornhub Premium: Netflix for porn costs $9.99 per month
Worcester man says he may have to forfeit car after sinkhole opens up where it was parked
Minor League Game Cancelled Due To Distracting Circus Tent
A furious fan of Elvis Presley has reported a Swedish station to the national radio and television watchdog... for not playing enough music by the King of Rock and Roll.
Judge orders Texas man to marry girlfriend and write down Bible verses
Tea Party Lawmaker faked Gay Sex Scandal to cover up Adultery with fellow Lawmaker.
Minor league baseball game delayed by a giant, blinking circus tent
Can taxing pimps and prostitutes save Social Security?
'Don't Worry, Mom, It's a Fake': Son Fatally Stabbed Dad with a Sword, Then Tried to Pretend It Wasn't Real, Cops Say
Taco Bell offering all of Fresno free tacos for minor league name change
Pohatcong Township sues itself over employee contract
Prison can't take away inmates porn channels, federal court rules
Report: Mich. lawmaker behind smear campaign to hide affair
Canada will not let Team Uganda into the country to compete in the kayak freestyle world championships.
Trump turns temper on Fox News as network turns tables on Trump
Trump Says Female Moderator Who Confronted Him About Sexism Was On Her Period
Amid agony, scientists discover world's first venomous frog
Man helps wife marry lover, sees her off with gifts
Birmingham City Council vote to raise their own salaries by 233%.
North Korea push clocks back as a snub to Japan
Donald Trump insinuates female news anchor's tough line of questioning during debate can be attributed to menstruation
'Grilled Moroccan Aborigine and rocket salad' on Australian hotel menu
Man talks to space station from shed
#Respect: Woman runs marathon without tampon
State lawmaker planned fake gay affair to cover up real straight affair.
Asian male crime spree at Cal Poly Pomona
Trump says Fox's Megyn Kelly had 'blood coming out of her wherever'
Waste Water Turns Colorado River Gold
Trump Says He Can't Recall Using Insults, Then Attacks Kelly
Woman Runs London Marathon Without a Tampon, Bleeds Freely to Raise Awareness
Tea Party lawmaker faked rendezvous with prostitute to hide a different affair
Russia is facing a fuel shortage
Women's groups: Cancel laws charging women with rape
French student found dead in suitcase in "Breaking Bad" inspired killing
Anti-piracy group hits indie creators for using the word 'pixels'
Mumbai: Couples picked up from hotel rooms, charged with 'public indecency'
Father of arson attack Palestinian toddler dies of injuries. Police said Ettinger, who is aged around 20, was suspected of "nationalist crimes" but did not accuse him of direct involvement in the firebombing.
Batboy Kaiser Carlile Dies at the Age of 9 After Being Struck by Warm-Up Swing
Dad gets One Direction tattoo to win VIP tickets then realises he's disqualified from contest
Off-duty Florida deputy catches $12M of cocaine while fishing
Judge orders review of Quebec inmate's grievance over porn TV channels
Miley Cyrus says Taylor Swift's 'Bad Blood' video doesn't set a 'good example'
EPA Accidentally Spills Millions Of Gallons Of Waste, Turning River Orange
'Bullet-proof' bra saves woman's life in hunting incident
EPA crew accidentally turns Animas River orange
Mural 'too sexy for Croydon' says council
Cop Acquitted for Drug Dealing, Rehired and then Fired Again for Failing Drug Test
Minor league baseball game postponed due to colorful circus tent in batters' eye
Donald Trump: Megyn Kelly Is A Bimbo For Asking Me About My Misogynistic Comments
Italian town warns people to 'stop dying'
Nursing center patient goes to bathroom, finds snake in underpants
Was William Shakespeare high when he penned his plays? New research suggests he was.
On August 15, the clocks in North Korea will go back half an hour. The country will officially enter a new time zone which it itself has created
Game of Thrones Inspires New York Lawyer to Demand Trial by Combat
Prisoners want their porn
MTA: Removing trash cans making subway stations cleaner
A minor league game was postponed due to a circus. A literal circus.
STL woman facing charges for attempting to steal jet
Concerned citizen calls 911 over man walking 'with purpose' with Confederate flag
HitchBOT, the hitchhiking robot, get beheaded in Philadelphia.
Patient finds snake in his underpants
UNH guide: The term 'American' is politically incorrect
U.S. man faces prison after taking bag stuffed with dirty socks to drug deal
Certain Swedish high schools add 3 hours of eSports classes a week
Want to download free AV software? Don't have a Muslim name
Pervert with bearded dragon clinging to his chest groped female shopper in B&Q
Coast Guard seizes 8 tons of cocaine, loses 2 of them
Long-Distance Runners Mostly Think About How Hard Long-Distance Running Is
EPA accidently spills 1 million gallons of toxic waste into the Colorado river.
Iowa Democrats plan to rename Jefferson Jackson Dinner because Thomas Jefferson and Andrew Jackson were slave owners.
Cops called to UCF frat house because of 'suspicious' protein powder
Nebraska Football Announcer Arrested for Stealing Money From Old Women
North Yorkshire Police stop driver with sheep in boot
Ban Killer Robots before They Become Weapons of Mass Destruction
Authorities: Man planning robbery inadvertently calls 911
Yorkie sniffed out her heart problem, woman says
Violent NYC Homophobe Picks Married West Point Gay Grads To Attack, Loses
NJ teacher volunteers to let Gov. Christie punch him in the face
Ben Zobrist trades leaf blower to Royals coach for uniform No. 18
New Zealand's first alcohol-free bar closes its doors after five weeks
Study about butter, funded by butter industry, finds that butter is bad for you
Cops filmed behaving badly say pot shop's camera illegally recorded raid
'Game of Thrones' loving lawyer seeks trial by combat to resolve lawsuit
"Black Lives Matter" activists disrupt Bernie Sanders speech
Australia may limit Vegemite sales amid 'alcohol abuse'
If an unarmed white kid gets shot by police, does anyone talk about it?
Quebec considering removing N-word from 11 place names
NOT FEELING THE LOVE: Bernie Sanders tossed off stage by #BlackLivesMatter protestors for second time
So, setting your hair on fire is a new beauty trend
One Russian senator wants to ban gay-friendly emoji
Bernie Sanders a very liberal politician. A man who marched with MLK interrupted by BLM protesters.
Quebec judge orders review of inmate's grievance over porn TV channels in prison
Donald Trump's Website Hacked with Jon Stewart Tribute
DUI Suspect Takes Selfie With Cop Arresting Him
UK drinkers look at alcohol guidelines, laugh, and have another beer | Ars Technica UK
I am lloking new Trekking in Nepal please could anyone help to me http://www.nepalguideinfo.com
Florida man kills it at Heat dance team auditions
Woman's bra saves her from hunter's stray bullet
People Start Change.Org Petition to Remove Megyn Kelly as a Moderator for Future Debates
Hangover chic: looking like you've had too much to drink is the latest beauty trend
Black Lives Matter protesters shut down Bernie Sanders speech
Ely couple look to expand Crapola granola business.
Bear might be put down after hiker killed
Report: Lawmaker hoped to distract from affair with 'false flag' smear
East Texas man guilty of assault gets life 'in matrimony'
City tried to fire dead man for missing work
Al Gore arrested for child porn
Man dies after swallowing cocaine hidden in brother's buttocks
Did NASA's Curiosity rover take a picture of a lady on Mars?
Real estate agent charged with drink-driving wins $125,000 payout because he made it home before cops could breath test him
A flight leaving Norway was delayed almost 5 hours after nearly all crew members failed a breathalyzer test
Entire airBaltic crew caught over alcohol limit
France fears baguette crisis as bakers allowed to take holidays
PornHub tries to beat off competition
UAE makes 'offending God' illegal
Turkish MP falls asleep in parliament after campaign vow to not 'sleep'
Poll shows significant support for Deez Nuts in 2016 election
A New York Lawyer Just Demanded Trial By Combat!
Dad let daughter die, rather than be touched by 'strange' rescuer
Child camping in Yosemite National Park contracts plague
Vegemite being used to make homemade alcohol in 'dry' indigenous Australian communities
Donald Trump didn't fire me - I fired Trump, says campaign advisor
Vegemite being used to make homemade alcohol in dry communities.
Vegemite being used to make homemade alcohol
NZ's first alcohol-free bar closes its doors
'Black Lives Matter' protesters shut down Bernie Sanders rally in Seattle
Trump, longtime adviser part ways; Both say they fired the other
Bernie Sanders Shut Down By Black Lives Matter Protesters In Seattle "Bernie, welcome to Seattle."
Bernie Sanders cut short after 'Black Lives Matter' takes over rally
Judge Orders Man to Marry Girlfriend or Face Jail Time
Donald Trump: "I will be phenomenal to the women"
Dubai expat sued for stopping lifeguards trying to save drowning daughter
Dubai: 20-Year-Old Drowns as Father Stops 'Strange Men' Who Tried to Save Her
Congressional Black Caucus Begs Apple For Its 'Trade Secret' Racial Data
Village 'ransoms' dolphins to animal rights groups for big payouts
Comcast Sends Spongebob 'Pirate' 44 Letters For One Download
DEA Admits Marijuana Is Definitely Safer Than Heroin
Texas judge orders man to write bible verses 25 times a day, and get married, or go to jail.
Channel 7 has canned it's new Reality TV cooking show, replacing it with Cat Videos
Bounty hunter accidentally raids home of Phoenix police chief
Area Man's Life Ruined By Pedicure
New York bureaucrats fire city employee for missing 18 months of work... because he died of cancer in 2014
Sky News' Live Stream Shut Down By Fox News DMCA Notice
Australia suggests Vegemite sales limit amid 'alcohol abuse'
Mother sues Netflix for getting her daughter pregnant
Archeologists and two worried interns announce discovery of marijuana residue in pipes unearthed in Shakespeare's garden
Do You Have Change for a Bowie? The Advent of Artisanal Cash - NYTimes.com
Do You Have Change for a Bowie? The Advent of Artisanal Cash
How to Have Gay Sex Without Being Gay | VICE | United States
Masturbating Teenage Boy Found Guilty After Mother Called 911; Sentenced To 3 Years In Prison Under New Self-Rape Law
Pastor says "Stop twerking, start working"
UFO theorists think they've seen a woman on Mars
Man arrested for driving stones takes selfie with arresting officer
Plane Crash kills three people in a flight simulator.
Busted: Sexy Selfie Next to Stash
Actual Plane Crash kills Three People inside a Flight Simulator
Australia's Oldest Man Knits Sweaters For Tiny Penguins Impacted By Oil Spills
Shots fired at memorial for Michael Brown
Shakespeare may have been a cannabis user: Report
Facebook Knows How You Laugh
Ted Cruz: Our President Should Be More Like Egypt's Dictator
Swincar - A strange and amazing off-road car that can go anywhere
Racist Lowe's Customer Refuses To Allow Black Delivery Driver Into Her Home
Woman Accused Of Trying To Kill Husband, Thought He Was The Devil
Cows taken to Asda in Stafford for milk price protest
Pig's Head Used in Ferguson Anniversary Protest
Rape victim in India asked to balance heavy rock on head to prove her 'purity'
Fourth blogger hacked to death with machetes this year in Bangladesh
North Korea puts the clock back 30 minutes to set up its own time zone
Ferguson Official Says Police Reform Is Too Expensive: Report
A blow-by-blow account of an Obamacare meme Facebook debate screencap and it's Reddit thread
Hell no, you can't go: Teamsters don't like bathroom rules
University officials did not disclose acquisition of grenade launchers
Hackers Can Seize Control of Electric Skateboards and Toss Riders
Pilot hired by eagle fans to fly banner over Cowboys practice does in plane crash
Black Lowe's driver says he was kept from making delivery
Pilot hired by Eagles fans to fly banner over Cowboys practice dies in plane crash
Man gets a choice: Marry her or go to jail
Women Are Being Discriminated Against With Air Conditioning
How to Have Gay Sex Without Being Gay
Lawyer Demands Trial by Combat
British exam board accused of "guesstimating" students' grades rather than marking papers, expected to cause many to miss out on university places, after report into the conduct of OCR (Oxford, Cambridge and RSA) by regulatory body Ofqual
Woman Runs Marathon Without Tampon Bleeding Freely To Raise Awareness
Coca-Cola Funds Scientists Who Shift Blame for Obesity Away From Bad Diets
Police kill more whites than blacks, but minority deaths generate more outrage
Police chief blames immigration, crime policies in murder of California woman
Wearable Thermoplastic Elastomer for Pedal
London marathon runner aims to erase period shame
There are too many studies, new study finds
Scientists discover cannabis in tobacco pipes excavated from William Shakespeare's garden
The strange phenomenon of musical 'skin orgasms'
Are Color-Coded Cops the Solution to Police Brutality?
Mother Sues Netflix After "Netflix N Chill" Session Resulted In Her Daughter's Pregnancy
Four killed en route to good-luck ritual
A Child In Los Angeles Has The Plague
What runners think about: How much running sucks
The trees in a Texas town are being taken over by spiders
Famed Psychic Claims to Have Made Contact With Mike Brown's Spirit - Gets Robbed by Him
Gunfire erupts in Ferguson as crowds mark 1 year anniversary
Which Spiderman You Like?
Man accused of driving stoned takes selfie with arresting officer
Sexual Harassment Victims Allowed Three Months Paid Leave: Government
Twentysomething Men Now Have a Disorder Called 'Pussy Affluenza'
Bird flies 16,000-kilometre Pacific circuit for no clear reason
Archaeologists Unearth 'Dancing Priestess' Figurine in Neolithic Settlement in Bulgaria's Varbitsa
Did you know that after Hurricane Ike in 2008, Comcast customers were billed as much as $1000 for failing to return equipment destroyed in hurricane.
EPA Causes Massive Spill of Mining Waste Water in Colorado, Turns Animas River Bright Orange
Burglary victim sent email asking for password of stolen laptop
Lady illegally enters US, gets detained and returned to New Zealand, compares experience to Nazi Germany
Would-be Tarzan allegedly tried to climb into monkey exhibit
Cannabis discovered in tobacco pipes found in William Shakespeare's garden
A 12-Year-Old Girl, a Rape and a Bronx Neighborhood Left Unsettled
Naked Tom Cruise Sculpture Depicts Tom Cruise Naked
WTF? You Can Get Beer Injected With Semen At This Bar In New Zealand
longer than is necessary otherwise you
Holidaying Parents 'Forget' Daughter At Services
Small number of computer-aided rifles could be hacked in contrived scenario
Rapist 'distressed' to learn victim had HIV
Police Shoot Man in Ferguson Amid Anniversary Protest for Michael Brown
Woman found on mars
Uttar Pradesh husband helps wife marry lover, sees her off with gifts
Game of Thrones-loving Lawyer Demands Trial By Combat
Police search for man who tried to have sex with a dog in Sydney's west
Michael Brown anniversary: Man shot at Ferguson protest
Artificial Intelligence decodes Islamic State Strategy
Newly-married man sues wife for emotional trauma after seeing her without makeup
India creates database of 1,500 yoga poses to thwart Western patent claims
Parents leave girl by France highway
The Importance of U.S. Based Tech Support Services for Your All-In-One PC Issues
A Sydney couple have been left with a $15,000 legal bill after their comments about a neighbour's dogs on a community social media page saw them sued for defamation in the NSW District Court.
Richmond man sleeps through train striking him.
Disney apologizes for 'congratulations' tweet on Nagasaki anniversary
Woman, 20, drowned because dad didn't want 'strange men' to touch her
Coca-Cola Funds Researchers Who Say Exercise Is Important Than Avoiding Sugary Drinks And Fast Food
The Doorman's Dilemma: What to Do With All Those Packages
Child-evasion algorithm designed to help poor robots escape bullying kids
Dad lets daughter die, rather than be touched by 'strange' rescuer
Australian Government Concerned Over Vegemite's Use In Moonshine
MICHIGAN LAWMAKER WON'T RESIGN AFTER EFFORT TO SMEAR SELF
Man left with broken jaw after fight over empty seat on busy Tube train at Canning Town
Black Lowe's delivery driver replaced with white driver at customer request
A father let his daughter drown because of his religious beliefs
Father let daughter drown rather than be rescued by male lifeguards because it would 'dishonour' her
Princeton grad accused of killing rich dad wants to know where Rikers Island holds yoga classes
Women! Now you can microwave away your unsightly armpit hair!
Walt Disney Japan Tweets 'Congratulations' on Nagasaki Bombing Anniversary; Apologises
Confused Hamas leader posts pro-Israel cartoon
This Year's Fair Will Feature DEEP-FRIED SLIM FAST BARS
Paris faces 'baguette crisis' as government axes archaic law banning mass exodus of bakers
Michigan tea party reps caught in bizarre plot to hide affair using gay sex and taxpayer dollars
City lawyer demands to settle case 'Game of Thrones'-style
Police shoot man at Ferguson protest
Drug dealing teen spared jail because military dad is doing such a good job
This Woman Ran A Marathon Without A Tampon To Fight Period Shaming
Former Hills Road and King's Ely student spared jail for dealing drugs at Cambridge Leisure Park
Russian Translators Denounce Use of 'Unpatriotic' Onomatopoeia in Comics
26-Year-Old Woman Free Bleeds Proudly Through Her First Marathon
Al-Qaeda withdraws from fighting Isil in Syria to avoid 'US cooperation'
Gunfire erupts in Ferguson at anniversary of Michael Brown's killing
Attacked by Bear, Russian Man Shoots Brother
Judge orders man to marry girlfriend or go to jail
3D Printed Donald Trump Tampon Disposal & Poop Toupee Models Unveiled by Fernando Sosa
EPA Punctures Dam During Cleanup at Century-Old Mine, Sends Toxic Waste Into Rivers
Why Aren't Women Portrayed In War Movies?
Chinese children strapped into human claw machine and dangled above cuddly toys
Supermarket Cow Protest In Stafford Leaves Shoppers Stunned
Vatican chief astronomer believes in UFOs and aliens
'Haha' has killed 'lol,' says Facebook
Active shooter training prepares officers for school year.
A Woman Ran A Marathon Without A Tampon To Take A Stand Against Period-Shaming
after successfully hitchhiking across Germany, The Netherlands, and Canada, a hitchhiking robot attempts the same feat in the US. Two weeks later the robot is found beaten to death in Philadelphia
North Korean fighter pilots like ejection seat doilies
Missouri business is now hiring Fudge Packers for Uranus
Dubai Expatriate Left His Daughter To Drown Instead Of Being Touched By 'Strangers'
Cows In Supermarket As Milk Crisis Summit Held
Stoke City fan suffered heart attack as Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho scored last gasp wonder goal
Dad lets daughter drown in Dubai so she's not 'dishonored' by male lifeguards' touch
A state legislator tried to smear himself by falsely claiming he had sex with a male prostitute
What happens when you comment on Daily Mail articles with actual Adolf Hitler quotes
Michigan lawmaker won't resign after lying about soliciting male prostitute to cover up cheating on his wife.
'Game of Thrones' Fan Seeks Trial By Combat to Settle Lawsuit
Eagles fan starts 'Have Pope Francis Bless Sam Bradford's Knees' petition
Judge Requires Teen To Marry His Girlfriend, Write Bible Verses Or Go To Jail
Man let daughter drown rather than have strange men touch her, Dubai police claim
Woman Runs Entire Marathon Without A Tampon To Protest Period-Shaming
China Just Declared War on Amateur Sex Videos
HTC One Max stored fingerprints where any app could see them
Texas judge orders man to marry his girlfriend
Comrade capitalism: North Korea seeks investors for brewery
Study Says British Drinking Guidelines Are "Unrealistic" And "Irrelevant"
Texas judge orders defendant to marry girlfriend in 30 days - or go to jail
Call 911 if you see an Uber, Finnish police says
Alabama State Senator Paul Sanford has come up with a way to make up for the $300 million dollar budget shortfall: a GoFundMe account.
Why Australia is agonizing over its Vegemite problem
Miley Cyrus Says Kendrick Lamar and Taylor Swift Are Not Good Role Models
2015 Miss Hooters - Sukanya Phunkok of Thailand
Steve-O nabbed by LAPD after climbing atop Hollywood crane
Man let daughter drown instead of being touched by strangers
Hungarian social workers threaten to strike
Game Of Thrones Fan Demands Trial By Combat In New York Supreme Court Case
Pierre Poilievre's website says Canada not built on 'freebies' as MP criss-crosses country handing out cheques
Yes, he really did: State Sen. Paul Sanford sets up GoFundMe account to solve state's budget woes
Man dressed in Minion outfit forced to leave Morrisons store
HP Asks For Heavily-Redacted Documents To Be Sealed; Judge Responds With Heavily-Redacted Refusal
Jindal plans to talk about Trump to ensure media will cover him
In 'Breaking Bad'-inspired killing, French students tried to dissolve victim's body in acid, police say
Fla. man drives on jail lawn again, gets arrested again
HTC caught storing fingerprints AS WORLD-READABLE CLEARTEXT
Did Shakespeare Smoke Weed?
Marvin Gaye's Son Says Lee Daniels Stole Empire Idea; Plans to Sue
Woman "Sees Spirits" After Smoking Marijuana
D.C. diner promotes 'Trump sandwich, full of bologna'
Powerball Winner Spends $9 Million To Bail Boyfriend Out
Target removing gender labels from children's department.
New fitness tracker shocks you and spends your money for failing
Mother Sues Netflix After "Netflix and Chill" Session Resulted In Her Daughter's Pregnancy
Michigan Lawmaker Who Created a Smear Campaign Against Self Says He Won't Resign
A New Fitness Tracker Shocks You For Failing
Florida Woman Kidnapped Her Daughter To Prevent Her From Learning Black History
Mom arrested after allegedly kidnapping her own daughter to avoid vaccination
Obama Hater Stole Vibrator From Orland Park Sex Shop: Cops
Nike owes its success to a breakfast waffle - CNN.com
North Korean Propaganda Uses Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 To Show USA Under Attack
Man lets daughter drown to save honour
Pollution flowing faster than facts in EPA spill
Woman climbs into a tiny donation box, needs firefighters to pry her out
Texas Cops Put Out an Ad In The Paper Asking Drug Dealers To Narc On Their Competition
Powerball Winner Spends $9 Million To Bail Boyfriend Out Of Jail
Carly Fiorina: "I Was Fired From HP Because I Was Too Beautiful"
SAS Sniper Kills IS Executioner Before He Can Behead 8-Year-Old Boy
Google just announced a massive overhaul of its business structure
Google Is Launching A Company That Hopes To Cure Death
Woman trapped inside charity donation box rescued
A JiZZ brand white waterproof keyboard being sold on banggood.com
Angry Cops Are Now Photographing The Homeless Because De Blasio or Something
This Girl Took Her Senior Pictures at Taco Bell and Changed the Whole Game
Google to reorganize into new company called Alphabet
Police Union In Missouri Declares 'Darren Wilson Day' On Shooting Anniversary
Man let's his daughter drown to death because he didn't want the lifeguard *man* to touch her and dishonor her
Disney apologizes over tweet on Nagasaki A-bomb anniversary
Google to become Alphabet Inc in shakeup
Wait... Google just changed its name to Alphabet?
Prominent Idaho suicide prevention advocate takes his own life
CIA HEAD INDICATES SWIFT ACTION AFTER WARZONE GAY HARASSMENT CLAIMS
Southern U.S. diet tied to heart disease
Man throws sandwich, runs to escape strong arm robbery in Ann Arbor
Shoplifter gets caught after his car gets repossessed while in the store
EPA releases millions of gallons of toxic wastewater into the environment
Michigan Lawmaker Says Self-Smear Plan 'Wrong,' Won't Resign
News anchor has on-air meltdown because he doesn't want to talk about the Kardashians
EPA Says It Released 3 Million Gallons Of Contaminated Water Into River
Man accused of driving stoned takes selfie with officer
Adult Website Creates Tyga & Kylie Jenner Birthday Porn Parody
Air Force wants supercomputer to cut through bureaucracy
Warrant out for arrest of ax-wielding clown
SI Yankees Hold Blue Lives Matter Day on Anniversary of Mike Brown's Death
Bra Saves German Cyclist Shot In Boar Hunting Accident
Women are live-tweeting their periods at Donald Trump to prove menstruation can't be used against them as an insult
Woman drowns in Dubai after father blocks rescue to save 'honour'
PIV is always rape, ok?
Ground Mounting System - ReneSola - Green Energy Products
Ukrainian Armed Forces to employ raccoons
Snoop Dogg funds new Uber-style weed delivery app Eaze
Police organization's 'Darren Wilson Day' in Columbia, Mo., sparks protest, criticism
Police: Woman tried to smuggle heroin to inmate through kiss
Eagles Fans Start Petition Urging Pope to Bless Sam Bradford's Knees
So, Shakespeare Was Probably a Pothead
Bear with two cubs will be euthanized for killing a hiker
Arby's dedicates a sandwich to Jon Stewart
Politician Fakes Gay Affair To Hide Straight One
Maybe HP's Ex-CEO Should Have Used a Xerox
Massive Study Confirms Our Universe Is 'Slowly Dying'
North Carolina Woman Attacked by Ax-Wielding Clown
Manager fired after delivery driver replaced over his skin color
Google Is Now Alphabet, But It Doesn't Own Alphabet.com
Homeowner's association threatens jail if swing set not removed
Reporter files suit after an unwanted kiss on the cheek
Bernie Sanders event shut down by Black Lives Matter activists
Farting Is My Secret Feminist Weapon that Works Every Time
Man takes selfie with cop during DUI arrest
Warrant out for arrest of ax-wielding clown in NC city
Princeton Grad Allegedly Kills Dad, Asks For Yoga In Jail
'Working class' Aussie dad starts crowdfunding campaign after politician travel expenses scandal - asking THEM to donate $5000 for his family holiday
When sharks are eating people, it's time to cull
Bobby Jindal to include Trump's name in speeches for media attention
Man leaves 20-year-old daughter to drown at Dubai beach rather than allow rescuers to touch her
Trump: Megyn Kelly should apologize to me
Farmer Marries his Field: "to have and to hold, from this day forward"
Facebook's Laughable Data Shows 'LOL' Isn't Funny Anymore
Woman drowns because dad 'did not want strange men to touch her'
EPA Uncorks Its Own Toxic Water Spill at Colorado Mine
Haha more popular than LOL, according to Facebook
Alabama Mayor Once Jailed in Tree-Stump Scheme is Attacked by Former Talk Show Co-Host in Alleged Sex Tape Dispute
Columbia Pictures copyright claim results in own Pixels trailer being taken down
How you spell "The Berenstain Bears" could be proof of parallel universes
Family in France forgets girl at Drome motorway stop
In 2013, Ferguson gave out 10,000 more arrest warrants than people in Ferguson
559 people are running for President in 2016
Go In For Safe Makeup - Buy Paraben Free Eyeliners Online
5 bands 10W CMDA GSM signal jammer 3G 4G phone jammer - See more at: http://goodsignaljammer.com/product/5-bands-10w-cmda-gsm-signal-jammer-3g-4g-phone-jammer/#sthash.Oc2qaizg.dpuf
How privileged are you?
GWAR's Michael 'Blothar' Bishop Gives TED Talk on Regional Identity
High costs force unpaid UN intern to live in tent
Stranger crowdfunds a million dollars just to see what happens
Columbia Pictures copyright claim results in own Pixels trailer being taken down (x-post r/movies)
Extreme porn charge as man caught with video of sex with a fish
Peru's Erection Vendors Are Driving the Scrotum Frog to Extinction
Report: Red-light camera owner has several traffic violations
Mississippians charged with trying to join Islamic State
Florida man paints his name on cop cars, gets arrested
Kab Npauj Vwj - Txhob Ua Neeg Liam. 8/11/2015
Gaza's Smelly Dump 'A Security Concern' IDF Says
Drive-by shooting claims teddy bea
Fox News freaks out over Target's decision to remove gender specific toy labels
33-Year-Old Man Arrested for the 32nd Time
Sydney man becomes oldest person charged with cocaine smuggling - at 91
Man has settlement for meth charges, brings meth-pipe to courthouse.
Donald Trump: I whine until I win
Frontier Airlines eliminates toll-free customer service calls
Cops Forcibly Search Woman's Vagina After Smelling Weed in Her Car
SEE IT: Texas sheriff tells pastor keeping vigil for Sandra Bland she runs 'church of Satan' (video)
Thai Tattoo Artist Who Said His Work Conferred Invincibility Is Killed
Cleveland Heights yarn shop owner spins successful business from his lifelong hobby
Limp Bizkit confirm title "Biggest Pieces of Shit on the Planet"
Mum's disappointment over poo in pool drama
Perth artist Stelarc grows ear on his arm, plans to connect it to internet
Hero Dog award goes to a cat for saving boy from canine
Women Wearing Tight Jeans Is The Main Reason Behind The Disasters - Says Pakistani Politician
British tourist captures moment car melts in the sun during heatwave
Chinese companies 'rent' white foreigners
Attack on the pentagon results in discovery of new mathematical tile
Disney Japan sorry for insensitive tweet on Nagasaki bombing anniversary
FREE CAR WASH POPS UP IN SOUTHWEST HOUSTON
Parents of Ohio boy with cockroach in breathing tube get prison
Finnish politician suggests people be embedded with a chip to prevent misuse of social welfare benefits abroad
Donald Trump: 'I keep whining and whining until I win'
Donald Trump: 'I am the most fabulous whiner'
'The Universe is slowly dying,' study shows with unprecedented precision
Walker Emerges as Leading Candidate to Run Enterprise Rent-a-Car Branch
Oracle security chief to customers: Stop checking our code for vulnerabilities
Up to 2 inches of rain an hour possible in parts of N.J.
Trump: 'I am a whiner, and I keep whining and whining until I win'
Google Creates New Company Called Alphabet, Restructures Stock
8 Powerful Ways To Mold Your Children Into Leaders - Forbes
Quebec Has A River Named N-word.
Swedish patch is too bright - accused of racism on Swedish Radio
Eagles fans to Pope Francis: Please bless Sam Bradford's rickety knees
Swedish Pharmacies Skin-Deep in Band-Aid Racism Row
20yo woman drowns in Dubai after father refuses to let lifeguards 'touch & dishonor her'
Psychotherapist warns Fox: Kids won't know 'what their gender is' because of Target's gender neutral toys.
Couple suffers miscarriage one day after pregnancy announcement goes viral
Lil-b, based God drops support of Hillary Clinton for Bernie Sanders.
Man let her daughter drown , preventing lifeguards from saving her to protect her honour
Police: Dogs seeking cupcakes caused house fire | Local News - Home
Fried, fatty food in Southern diet bad for heart, study confirms
Don't Fear The Wild Animals, Researchers Tell Salad-Makers
Mozilla boss slams Microsoft for lack of browser choice in Windows 10
Mom sues Netflix after "Netflix-n-chill" got her daughter pregnant
Rubio reminds voters: fertilized human eggs don't become cats
Fans start petition for Pope to rub Bradford's knees
Eagles fans want Pope Francis to bless Sam Bradford's knees during visit to Philadelphia
Eagles fans ask Pope Francis to bless Sam Bradford's knees
Secret study shows air traffic controllers suffer fatigue, make errors
Woman, Lisanne Beck, accused of public sex act on boyfriend Simon Murphy at Hyde Park concert: 'I was helping him use the toilet' | Metro News
Cold calling prevention company fined for making cold calls
Police: Toothless suspect sought for robbing Northeast Philly Wawa of Newports
Connecticut Man Arrested for Allegedly Giving a 4-Year-Old a Wet Willy
Geno Smith "sucker punched" in Jets' locker room, out 6-10 weeks
New York Jets Starting Quarterback Geno Smith Injured for 6-10 Weeks After Getting Sucker-punched by Teammate
'Stop the Calls' company fined for making calls
Father lets daughter drown at Dubai beach rather than have male rescuers 'touch' her
Azar Khorram, Iran's Scarlett Johanson Look-Alike Teaches Morgan Freeman A Lesson on Iran Deal
Arlington police raid innocent people. No one arrested. Arlington police sued
Kylie Jenner Turns 18 at Club, Gets a $320K Ferrari From Tyga
Did Typo in Tweet by One Direction Member Revive BK's Chicken Fries?
There's a feminist-run region in the middle of Isis territory and it's running out of electricity
Geno Smith out 6-10 weeks with broken jaw after teammate punched him
3-year-old James Tufts becomes Dorset, Minnesota's newest mayor - TODAY.com
Spoiled Kid Tries To Get New Ferrari By Setting Fire To Old One
Spoiled 20-Year-Old Son Torches Ferrari 458 to Make His Father Buy a New One
Police say dogs seeking cupcakes caused small stove fire
Website bách khoa xây dựng tổng hợp thông tin về xây dựng, sửa chữa nhà, cung cấp các dịch vụ sửa chữa điện, nước, nhà ở, chống thấm, chống dột, thiết kế, trang tri nội thất, giấy dán tường,sửa máy bơm, cửa sắt, cửa nhôm kính, cửa kéo, cửa cuốn đài loan, công ty diệt mối, côn trùng gậy hại, mọi
71-year-old Pittsburgh woman shot in leg while knitting
Sheriff: Inept robber hung out at store, applied for job before crime
Police: Woman attacked by ax-wielding clown
Donald Trump says Rand Paul 'reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain'
Puerto Rico Agency Sets $750 Million Bond Sale After Default
Eagles fans want Pope Francis to bless QB Sam Bradford
Area man sells fried chicken by day, writes romance novels at night
Alabama senator launches GoFundMe for state's $250 million debt
Burger King challenges the Book of Kells' global trademark
Scott Walker wants to fire academics with whom he disagrees politically
Newspaper corrects: The Pope was Catholic
College guy hooks up with college girl. 8 months later, she sees him making out with another girl. She claims rape, he gets expelled.
Science: Sexting is Good for You
Father Lets Daughter Drown to Avoid 'Dishonor'
Schoolteacher fired for drinking in New Orleans, newspaper says
Akron man, teen arrested driving stole car past crime scene where car was stolen
Why conservative billionaires have started talking like Bernie Sanders: "We are creating a caste system from which it's almost impossible to escape"
Police lose handcuffed man after he runs out of a courthouse in the Greater Detroit Area
Akron man, teen arrested driving stolen car past crime scene where car was stolen, police say
Spoiled Son Sets Fire To Gifted Ferrari In Order To Upgrade To New Model
This Man Has Been Trying to Live Life as a Goat
Why we need to talk about white feminism
'Flying spaghetti monster' observed off coast of Angola
FDA Warns Kim Kardashian About Instagram Endorsement
It turns out parenthood is worse than divorce, unemployment - even the death of a partner
Death Threats against Co-Workers Defeat Employee Disability Discrimination Claim, Federal Court Rules
Geno Smith out 6-10 weeks with broken jaw after 'sucker punch'
American Christian Homeschoolers Sell Daughter to Prospective Husband for $25,000; Gave Discount Because She was Sexually Abused
An Employee Who Threatened to Kill Supervisors Prior to Psychological Treatment May Be Fired
L.A. council OKs sweeping plan to add bike lanes, bus routes by 2035
North Korea's new time zone already has an enemy
Syracuse University professor to launch free 'Star Trek' class this fall
Coward Cops Hide Behind Fall Out Boy Fan Who Acted As Human Shield For The Police
Feds: Mississippi couple planned honeymoon to join ISIS in Syria
White militiamen roam Ferguson with rifles while black men falsely arrested on suspicion of carrying guns
Ninth Circuit Says Employee Who Made Death Threats Against His Co-Workers Could Not Sue His Employer For Disability Discrimination
Researchers solve an age-old problem: How do you animate humans putting on trousers?
The FDA just recalled Kim Kardashian's Instagram post
Three-year-old boy becomes mayor of Minnesota town
Burger King: One Direction, Buzzfeed Spurred Chicken Fries
Missouri Police Union declares 'Darren Wilson Day' on Anniversary of Michael Brown's Death.
Red Cross Blood Bank Truck Kills Motorcyclist
Nutty professor grows an EAR on his ARM and 'plans to connect it to the internet so the world can listen to him'
Sheriffs are asking for armored trucks to wage war on marijuana. Yes, really.
Even Paul Haggis doesn't think Crash deserved Best Picture
Justice Insider: Drug dealers' ads at Juggalos event were a bit too clear
Court Strikes Down New Hampshire's Ban On Selfies In The Voting Booth
Judge: Get Married or go to Jail
Target Becomes Gender Neutral
Eric Abetz says gay men don't want to marry, citing Dolce and Gabbana
Australian Senator says all gay people don't want to get married because Dolce and Gabbana never wed
Arkansas Vegan Tired of Explaining Difference Between Veganism and Homosexuality
Sheriff to pastor protesting for Sandra Bland: 'Go back to the church of Satan'
The US gets Trump... We get this guy!
92 year old woman kicked out of church for not tithing
Indiana mayor paid for sex with an indianapolis man who failed to disclose his HIV status
Death Threats against Co-Workers Defeat Employee Disability Discrimination Claim, Federal Court Rules / THREATING TO KILL YOUR BOSS IS A POOR CAREER MOVE
ISIS supporters call for Pluto to be renamed 'The Moon of Mohammed'
Thousands have watched fallout 4 leaked footage on pornhub
Russia Prepares To Block Reddit Over Single Narcotics Thread
Eagles fans petition for Pope Francis to bless Sam Bradford's knees
Russia Prepares To Block Reddit Over Single Drug Thread
Ravens QB Joe Flacco gets Special Olympics medal
'Caveman instincts' may favor deep-voiced politicians
It's Time to Haul Down Another Flag of Racist Hate
Kim Kardashian posts a nude selfie to prove she's carrying her own baby
Vinhomes Trần Duy Hưng - Sự lựa chọn đẳng cấp
We don't need to drink less soda, according to research funded by Coca-Cola
Beaten Pomeranian found with note: 'We beat it 2 death lol'
LA Rolls Out Water-Saving 'Shade Balls'
Planned Parenthood Releases Statement Praising Trump for Rejecting 'Extreme Positions'
After Donald Trump, Megyn Kelly 'Won't Apologize for Doing Good Journalism'
Forget Trump, Canada candidate slays dragons to nab votes
Google to Reorganize as Alphabet to Keep Its Lead as an Innovator
Beer truck flips after driver gets distracted looking at cute puppy
Power Cables | Wires & Cables | Renesola - ReneSola - Green Energy Products
Woman Arrested for Stealing Guide Dog Declares Hunger Strike
Pharrell requires framed picture of Carl Sagan on tour rider
Drug-smuggling pigeon caught outside Costa Rica prison
Independent B.C. candidate rides a goose in wild campaign video
Kerry: 'Very likely' China, Russia read my emails
Miss Teen Suffolk to be official face of Framlingham SausageFest 2015
Couple sentenced to get married or go to jail
Police: Man impersonating officer detained with own handcuffs
Killer clown breaks in house at 4:30 a.m. with axe and tries to murder everyone
Newlyweds Are Accused of Planning to Join ISIS
Marco Rubio Wants You to Know that a Fertilized Human Egg Cannot Become a Cat (or a Donkey)
Science discovering new ways to get us wasted
KFC in China rolls out pink, black sandwiches
Independent B.C. candidate gives voters what they want - dragons, aliens and killer robots
B.C. independent candidate fights robot, rides goose in campaign ad
Watermelon Buyer Call Police to Complain It Is Not Sweet
Charity for homeless tells people not to give money to beggars at Christmas
After crocodile, now anaconda scaring people on Bangalore streets
Effect of Militancy In Kashmir : Janitor gets paid more than a Teacher
Woman Publicly Sodomized in Gas Station Parking Lot by Cops Because they 'Smelled Weed'
Seattle woman sues clinic for getting flu shot, instead of birth control injection
Man who won't stop cutting, fondling strangers' hair gets another 18 months in jail
No sex please: India 'shy' white tiger refuses to mate
Indiana mayor arrested for prostitution, and the prostitute was charged for not revealing he had HIV.
Amnesty International Votes for Policy Calling for Decriminalization of Prostitution
Mail Online and Telegraph's Dubai drowning tale is old news
China bans Fart and 119 other 'immoral' songs with 'severe punishment' threat
Opera performer sings through his own brain surgery
Cheap Jerseys Wholesale At active-goods.com From China
Benedict Cumberbatch urges fans not to film stage performance of Hamlet
Ridiculed show "Cats Make You Laugh Out Loud" wins epic ratings battle
In a first, California agrees to pay for transgender inmate's sex reassignment
Taliban condemns "brutal" Isis video of Afghan prisoners being murdered.
India government sues Nestle for $100m over Maggi noodles
To fight sex crimes, BMC clears proposal to ban lingerie on mannequins
IS it OK to breastfeed someone else's child?
Hundreds of rabbits suffering lonely lives, says Scottish SPCA
Bream me up: William Shatner to captain Star Trek sea cruises
Man arrested for vibrator theft offers to show police his penis, before slamming Obama
Obama Hater Stole Vibrator From Orland Lover's Lane: Cops
Mother sues Netflix after her "Netflix N Chill" session resulted in her daughter's pregnancy.
Arctic Ice Loss Is So Bad National Geographic Has To Keep Redrawing Its Atlas
Russia mulls blocking Reddit over pot-growing thread
Cupcake-Crazed Dogs Start Fire While Pursuing Treats
Elderly man 'calmly' smokes pipe while 'sinking' in Loxley lake
Cambridge men shock onlookers by base jumping 215ft off Ely Cathedral
Jeb Bush blames Clinton, Obama for Iraq's problems
Nigerian hospital live tweets open heart surgery on 8-year-old girl
Trump Says Would Do More for Women 'Than Hillary Can Ever Do'
POW/MIA Flag: Opinion Article Published on Newsweek Says Flag Represents Racism
Candidate slays dragons to nab votes
Christian band that "won't do events where there's drugs, promiscuity" gets into gunfight with police at Walmart
Powerful photo: College student 'protects' police from Ferguson protesters
Brazil's Mediums Channel Dead Artists. Is It Worship Or Just Delusion?
'Act like a lady, think like a man,' gets Bic poor marks for penmanship
Man arrested in Shelton after allegedly giving 4-year-old a wet willy
Russia Threatens Reddit Ban Over Weed Tips
Is Kim Jong-un on Tinder? Smartphone dating app has users in North Korea
G4S driver stole £5,000 in cash from employer
EPA Accidentally Contaminates River With Millions Of Gallons Of Toxic Waste
Officials Demand Answers After The EPA Spills 3 Million Gallons Of Mine Waste In Colorado
Raised by black family, 72-year-old woman discovers she is white
NASA launches operation 'OMG'
Kylie Jenner crashes brand new Ferrari birthday present just hours after receiving it.
HOME>TECHNOLOGY Tinder Twitter Tirade Claims 'Many Users' in North Korea
Tinder Twitter Tirade Claims 'Many Users' in North Korea
USA Rock Paper Scissors League
Assault over Big Mac lands man in Washington County Jail
Canadian politician's ad features giant robots, laser beam eyes
Study Finds Kids Have Too Much Homework
Texas cops smell weed in black woman's car so they stick hand up her vagina in public
Woman Uses Fitbit During Sex: Here Are The Results
Light Pole Collapses Due To Urine
India sues Nestle for nearly $100m because lead shouldn't be in noodles.
Vlogger replaces Porsche brake pads with iPhones
Girl is banned from flight 'because she's too ginger'.
Feds: Mississippi newlyweds planned honeymoon to join ISIS in Syria
Zirtual laid off its 400 employees via email at 1:30am with no warning
Canadian candidate flies on a goose and fist-bumps an alien in bizarre ad
Cops: Shoplifter Hid Steaks In Colostomy Bag
Jesse Ventura: Do you think Trump would consider me for VP?
Pet raccoon washes things, including things that shouldn't be washed
Millionaire's son burns car to get new Ferrari
Luxembourg's first meat-free butcher
Troopers: Suspects in Sterling boat-motor theft fled by canoe
Missouri family is facing jail time for purple playset
Ax-wielding clown attacks woman
A Reddit user posted a graph of her heart rate during sex and was accused of faking her orgasm
Woman takes limo to shoplift at Minnesota mall
Man gets free pizza for a year after pitting Three and O2 against each other on Twitter
Michelle Rodriguez eats a mouse cooked in her own urine
Jesse Ventura: Do you think Trump would consider me for VP? Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2015/08/jesse-ventura-donald-trump-vice-president-possible-pick-121294.html#ixzz3iceOi4kQ
American farmers have to stop juicing their pigs to meet China's food safety standards
Jailed pensioner told to rethink his relationship with his snake
Target Bows To Obama Administration, Removes Gender Labels From Kids Section
Missouri family faces jail time over purple playset
Unpaid UN intern David Hyde forced to live in a tent in Geneva
Police: Man snapped city tree in half to "impress a girl"
The Berenst(E)ain Bears Conspiracy Theory That Has Convinced the Internet There Are Parallel Universes
Man submits job application, later returns to rob store
Goats May Be Unwelcome In Zimbabwe's Capital, But D.C. Loves Them
Black street vendors beat up Paris police who try to confiscate mini Eiffel towers (VIDEO)
NYPD Union Uses Flickr in Innovative New Push to Shame the Homeless
Cops: Drunk mom's 4-year-old son blew into Breathalyzer
Local Festival Books Baha Men, "Most Current Act We've Ever Had"
Mississippi Couple Planned a Honeymoon to Go Join ISIS
Iowa officer: 'Happily obliged' suspect's selfie request
The real breakfast of champions.
Millennials should move in with parents to prosper, say financial experts
Wikipedia is at war over where Google's new CEO studied
Brewery employee stamps 20,000 cans of beer with 'Tom Brady Sux'
Architects crowdfund to build £1.85 billion Minas Tirith in England
Even the Taliban Is Disgusted by the Islamic State's Latest Video
Jeb Bush blames Clinton for Iraq turmoil
This bus stop might be too gay for Russia
Florida four-year-old blew into breathalyzer to start SUV for mother
Police say woman had 4-year-old blow into breathalyzer so she could start car
Stop giving people money just because they're old
Ohio restaurant called All Fired Up caught fire
Electronic Sports League bans the same drugs as the Olympics
Taliban condemns 'barbarity' of Islamic State execution video
Cat dies after partygoers force her to sniff cocaine
Teacher in Hazelwood suspended as officials investigate profane tweets about Ferguson, Royals fans
Self-proclaimed 'hacker' is caught after using Gmail at home
Couple Suffers Miscarriage Shortly After Pregnancy Announcement Goes Viral
Jewish dating site JDate sues rival JSwipe over use of letter 'J'
This 22-year-old living in a tent in Geneva isn't seeking asylum. He's a U.N. intern.
In California, Millions of 'Shade Balls' Combat a Nagging Drought
Tinder Doesn't Contribute to Hookup Culture (Says Tinder)
Record-Breaking European Heat Wave Forces Ikea to Take Meatballs Off Menu in Poland
Mysterious Lawn Creatures Are Plaguing a California Woman's Yard
Seven Minutes Of Fallout 4 Have Leaked Onto PornHub.
Tom Brady's face melted at the DeflateGate hearing, according to this courtroom sketch
This Guy Claims to Have Gotten 'Jeb 4 Prez' Tattooed on His Neck
Seniors Behaving Badly: Mayor Assaulted Over Alleged Sex Tape
Jeb Bush Blames Obama For Creating The Mess In Iraq
Courtroom artist: 'Tell Tom Brady I'm sorry I didn't make him pretty enough.'
Russia bans Reddit over shrooms
Man beats up his brother for eating all the Big Macs: police
Cat Dies After Forced to do Cocaine at a House Party
A Doomed Inmate Drugs Himself, Is Revived and Then Executed
Morris dancers and blind footballers in mass brawl
Italy: Mayor 'bans' people from falling ill
Tiger Woods can't get a pity laugh after airball joke at Whistling Straits
City Orders Man to Keep the Smell of BBQ from Leaving his Property
Jobless 26-stone mother who used to drink 26 cans of Red Bull sues company because she is seriously overweight and going blind.
TV doctor compares concentration camps to successful diets
Today show doctor Ric Gordon compares concentration camps to successful diets
'I Can Smell It': Resident Told to Keep BBQ Smoke in His Own Yard?!
Tom Brady Sketch Artist, Panned Online, Apologizes
Mich. State students protest Boy Scouts for 'cultural appropriation'
Bumble Bee to Pay $6 Million Over Employee Cooked in Tuna Oven
British architects are trying to crowdfund a $2.9 billion replica of Minas Tirith
Taliban condemns ISIS for deadly bombing in Afghanistan
Hard cheese: Pornhub may face legal action over Parmigiano-Reggiano ad
37% of British workers think their jobs are meaningless
Russia threatens to block Reddit over dopey posts
Rex Ryan and Bills Sign Ikemefuna Enemkpali
Deputies catch 11-year-old driving Subaru in SeaTac
Buffalo hospital prepares for baby boom 9 months after storm
U.S. Pays for Scientology 'Experiment' on Sick Veterans
Throwed Diner Roll Leads to Lawsuit Against Lambert's Cafe
Breathe responsibly: The cocktail bar where you get drunk without drinking
Courtroom sketches of Tom Brady spark Twitter conversation
Robots learn to evolve and improve
Intimate strangers: Why hundreds of Utahns are cuddling, nonsexually, with people they just met
Jolie signs on for animated Taliban film
Suspected brisket thief dies after shot by Central Texas police at H-E-B
Chinese port operating as normal despite massive explosions, official says
People Are Asking Obama to Order Kanye West to Release His Next Album
Police consider alternatives to shooting dogs
U.S. allocates $500,000 for Baltic journalism programs to combat Russian propaganda
Mother grizzly bear and her cubs may face death if DNA test proves she killed hiker
You can now get 'wind turbine syndrome' from solar panels and batteries
Hickey Wants Payday Lending Company to Leave State
Những nguyên tắc khi thiết kế và bố trí đồ nội thất
Drink like a champion with Wheaties beer
Donald Trump disses Rand Paul's golf game
Misspelling of Children's Series Prompts Speculation of Parallel Universes
Univ. allows anonymous 'bias reports' of profs., students
Top General: US boots on the ground may be needed to defeat ISIL
A Laptop Scratching Post Lets Your Cat Create Its Own Viral Content
Sweden scrambles to produce black band-aids after a blogger complains about white privilege.
Uggie, The Dog In 'The Artist,' Dies At 13
Mother grizzly bear to receive death penalty if DNA test proves she killed hiker
A Woman Was Killed After She Told Friends She Was Going To The Toilet In A Club
Chelsea Manning may face solitary confinement for having an issue of Vanity Fair and an Expired tube of Toothpaste in her cell
Blogs tend to become ordinary until you do this
Chelsea Manning may face solitary confinement for having Jenner Vanity Fair issue
Arcade creates area for worshipping anime girls
When a Lebanese MP Thinks His Political Leader Is God
Lil Dicky Laughs His Way to a #1 Rap Album
Inmates Help The Injured After Prison Bus Crashes Into Semi
Epic Meltdown in Public
San Francisco tests pee-repellant paint as it fights boost in public urination
Any Sexual Abuse by Guards May Violate Inmates' Rights, Court Says
Low Yat trio fined for beating up alleged thief
Airline to weigh passengers before boarding
There is a Ned Flanders themed metal band named Okilly Dokilly
This is not a wife beater: Campaign promotes respect by renaming navy singlet
Facebook scrapped a student's internship after he exposed a major privacy flaw, then tells him he didn't meet the "high ethical standards" expected of interns
Man calmly smokes pipe in car like a boss as he sinks into lake
Ted Cruz Pledges Support For Constitutional Amendment Banning Birth Control
Chicago Police offer important tips on twitter how to stay safe... from the Chicago Police.
Маша и Медведь | Маша и Медведь игрушки для детей | Киндер Сюрприз Губка...
Half the British public don't trust the British public survey finds
Sexual Abuse by Guards May Violate Inmates Rights, Court Says
Hillary Clinton Asks College Grads to Use Emojis to Describe Their Feelings on Student Loan Debt
Japan man flushes love rival's penis away
Tetris is the cure for all addictions, say experts, but you may also lose interest in sex and sleeping
Hotel staff's sick 'I.S. attack' on Brits: Gun prank at Turkey holiday pool just six weeks after Tunisia outrage
The makers of the Roomba just got government approval for a robot lawn mower
Turks abandoning beards due to ISIL association
Fitness club under fire for using graveyard to host fitness session
Tourist's car saved from falling into Bosphorus
Woman Takes Limo To Shoplift In Minnesota Mall, Police Say
Tunisia-Style Terror Prank Sends Holidaymakers Running For Their Lives In Turkey
"Oh, he card reads good." Two Russians Badly Impersonate CIA Spies to Pin MH17 on U.S.
Alleged shoplifter takes limo to, from store
Woman gets pregnant 14 times in 10 years to avoid Jail
Man charged with contempt of court for "liking" ex-girlfriend's Facebook photos
Peckish pensioner drives mobility scooter into McDonald's drive-thru
No matter what A-levels you get, your parents' wealth will still determine your future
Obama Won't Force Kanye West to Release 'SWISH' Album Next Week, Despite Petition
Parents' £770k claim for failed abortion - and daughter supports them
Man Poses as Target on Facebook, Then Comically Responds to Complaints about Gender Neutrality
Spoiled kid burns his Ferrari so he can get a newer one
Meet The World's First Ned Flanders Themed Metal Band
ISIS supporters calling for Pluto to be renamed 'The Moon of Mohammed'
Shanghai dad has public meltdown after daughter accepts Japanese boyfriend's proposal
Lawyer Asks Judge for Trial by Combat
Trump calls Jesus 'a loser'
Rainbow crosswalks on the way for Midtown intersection
Throwed Roll Leads to Lawsuit Against Lambert's "Home of Throwed Rolls" Cafe
Lee's Summit family says HOA is threatening jail time for purple playset
Airline to Begin Weighing Passengers for 'Flight Safety'
Bear and Cubs That Killed Hiker to Be Put Down
Real Incest Story from India: Mother Rapes Her Own Homosexual Son
Syracuse fires DPW worker for calling himself the N-word
Lowe's delivery halted after customer requests white driver
Sixth man to walk on the moon says aliens prevented nuclear war between US and Russia, helped 'create peace on Earth'
Curfew imposed on one-legged man who 'loses the run of himself'
Harvard student loses Facebook internship after pointing out privacy flaws
Ted Nugent's creepy defense of Donald Trump: I like to watch Megyn Kelly while naked on my couch
Man dies after trying to fast for 40 days in imitation of Jesus
Missouri man sues 'Throwed Rolls' restaurant after he was hit, injured by roll
Man assaults brother for not sharing Big Macs
Toronto company lets you create your own 3D selfie figure
'Pervert Santa' charged with child sex crimes in Missouri
Staff At Turkish Hotel Use Fake Guns To Stage Mock ISIS Attack On Brits
Want to See New Fallout 4 Footage? Head to Pornhub
'Sesame Street' Heading to HBO in Fall
Colorado Governor Drinks Water From Animas River After Historic Mine Waste Spill
Police respond to break-in. Find the suspect passed out naked in his own bed.
Glenn Beck will fire any employee caught using CFLs
Canal Traffic Halted After Hamptons Police Get Submarine Stuck in Locks
Hillary Clinton's emoji tweet sparks backlash
Missing tortoise leads to arrest of man wanted for sexual assault
Break-in ends in nude awakening for apartment tenant
Sanders Shamelessly Pandering to Voters Who Want to Hear Truth
Customer sues 'Throwed Rolls' restaurant after being hit, injured by roll
Angry Eagle 'Punches' Drone Right Out Of The Sky
Now we now why for every OS that was shit, the next one was palatable.
Oregonian [newspaper] Seeks Weed Reviewer For Drug-Free Newsroom
'Sesame Street' to Air First on HBO for Next 5 Seasons
'Sesame Street' is moving to HBO
Meet The Autistic Rock Band That's Shredding Its Way Through The UK
Airline announces plan to weigh passengers before boarding
'Sesame Street' Headed To HBO This Fall
Fox News In Disarray As Their Own Viewers Support Donald Trump Over Megyn Kelly
Robo-bop? Jazz-playing robots might one day headline a club near you
Church opens gun range ministry 'in the name of Jesus Christ'
Head of Group Opposing Iran Accord Quits Post, Saying He Backs Deal
Jesse Jackson's daughter wants to be a rapper
OregonianSeeks Weed Reviewer For Drug-Free Newsroom
Japanese Boxer Allegedly Cuts Lawyer's Penis Off With Garden Shears, Flushes It Down the Toilet
Russia bans all of Reddit over a single 'shroom thread
Oregonian Seeks Weed Reviewer For Drug-Free Newsroom
NYPD Union Encourages Cops to Spend Free Time Photographing Homeless People
Indiegogo campaign seeks £1.85bn to build Lord of the Rings' Minas Tirith
Sesame Street Moving To HBO
Drug Ring That Dealt In Bushwick Clubs Shipped Coke With Stuffed Minions
Sesame Street picked up by HBO
Florida man brings 16 year old daughter and a friend to a strip club in Doral, buys them drinks and gives them cocaine
Tesla Motors Inc. Says Robots Are Holding Up Its 2015 Sales Growth
There are plans to build a real life Minas Tirith for £1.85 billion
Man takes vacation from being human, becomes goat
The next five seasons of Sesame Street will air on HBO
Woman Stabbed Dead by Man with Sword Outside Beijing Uniqlo
This 4-month-old startup just acquired its 2-year-old rival
Giant octopus lunges toward a man attempting to steal his GoPro
Tuna company ordered to pay $6m after employee cooked to death in oven
Moons Can Help Planets Remain Stable Long Enough for Life to Form
Hold the Stevia! Breaking Bad cafes open
Libraries in Birmingham, UK 'stop buying books'
Cops Destroy Cameras, Says Video Was 'Illegal' Because 'No One Told Us We Were Being Recorded'
Crossfit Exceptionalism Finally Meets The Holocaust
'Sesame Street' and HBO Ink Five-Year Partnership Deal
I understand why an intern would live in a tent
Michelle Rodriguez's urine breaks Bear Grylls
Lemmy, frontman for Motorhead, claims "I switched from whiskey to vodka for health reasons."
Throwed Roll Leads to Lawsuit Against Lambert's Cafe
Homeless woman allegedly enters home, drinks wine, takes bath and falls asleep
Woman sues Missouri restaurant known as "Home of Throwed Rolls" for being hit by a roll
Police investigate 'first cyber-flashing' case - the victim received two pictures of an unknown man's penis on her phone via Apple's Airdrop sharing function.
An Iowa Man Tried to Marry a Lawnmower, Proves Traditional Marriage Lives
2,000 dogs in Little Italy need more space to just be dogs
Police investigate 'first cyber-flashing' case
Homophobic drunk put his genitals on pub bar and told police he was Batman
Suit: Days Inn employee told to just flip over mattress where guest died
Sesame Street to begin airing new episodes on HBO.
6 Reasons The Smartest People Aren't The Most Successful
In Texas, police search woman's vagina for marijuana
A New York police union asks members to take photos of city's homeless
New Zealand just invested millions into a startup making smart windows
HBO Picks Up 'Sesame Street' As Kids' Viewing Habits Change
Muskogee County business posts sign saying establishment is 'Muslim free'
Nativity scene under scrutiny for religious tone
Woman suing Netflix after getting Pregnant
Rex Ryan Offers Roster Spot to Anyone Who Punches Bill Belichick in the Dick
Golf cart lane drives wedge in Surprise neighborhood
Man Steals Steaks and Hides It in His Colostomy Bag
'Breaking Bad' star praises Trump's 'I don't give a s---' attitude
Muskogee County gun range posts sign saying establishment is 'Muslim free'
Missouri woman hit with dinner roll sues 'Home of Throwed Rolls' restaurant
Satanic heavy metal band which dresses as demonic anti-popes on stage, has their concert canceled because the pope is in town.
Glenn Beck Names Portland the Worst City in America
The UK war on porn: turning ISPs into parents | spiked
Trump-Ventura 2016? Jesse Ventura would consider it.
Young Woman Approaches Elder Eating Alone, Now Have Weekly Lunch Date
Chelsea Manning is facing solitary confinement 'over expired toothpaste'
Motörhead's Lemmy reveals he has switched from whisky to vodka for health reasons
Rick Santorum: Separation Of Church And State A Communist Idea, Not An American One
Nigerian granted divorce over wife's 'late meals'. "My wife had failed in her matrimonial obligations. She does not prepare my food on time and I have warned her several times, but she would not listen to me,"
Sesame Street is heading to HBO, Yes I Am serious!
Nigerian granted divorce over wife's 'late meals'
'Santa' charged with child sex crimes
Broken Jaw to Force Geno Smith to Miss 18-30 Turnovers
Remote Caribbean islands can now get pizza delivered by plane
Backyard Tent Renting for $899/Month
Man cuts off love rival's penis; flushes it down toilet
Escrow to close on $10 sale of urine-soaked garage to city
Genius drug ring used Minion toys to help smuggle cocaine
Minions Help Smuggle Cocaine, Continue to Destory America
Released Hillary Clinton Emails Reveal... She Was Reading A Book On How To Delete Emails
IK Enemkpali vows to be a good team-mate after breaking Geno Smith's jaw
You Can Now Buy a Jewel to Cover Your Cat's Butthole
Woman sues 'Throwed Rolls' restaurant after she was hit, "injured" by roll
Couple who took pet snake for swim in river say it vanished
Bernie Sanders Is Wrong To Ignore 'Black Lives Matter'
HBO, a program known for mature and teen contents such as John Oliver and Game of Thrones, picks up 'Sesame Street' in a five year contract with PBS.
Ben Carson, Critic of Fetal Tissue Research, Has Done Fetal Tissue Research
HBO, a program known for mature contents such as John Oliver, True Detectives, and Game of Thrones, picks up 'Sesame Street' in a five year contract with PBS.
NOFX's Fat Mike offers hipster $100 to leave show
The 22-year-old unpaid intern living in a tent in Geneva has quit his job
Weather Map Shows 100% Chance Of Penis
A record-breaking 19 sets of twins start in one primary school class in Scotland
'Straight Outta Compton': Universal Offers to Reimburse Theaters for Extra Security
19 sets of twins to start in the same class in a school in Scotland
The Emerging Fetish of Laying Alien Eggs Inside Yourself
Left-Wing Comic Mark Steel Barred From Voting In Labour Leadership Election
Christian Man Dies Emulating Jesus' 40-Day, 40-Night Fast in The Wilderness
Texas tortoise held for ransom leads to arrest of man wanted for sexual assault
Tokyo Lawyer's Penis Flushed Down The Toilet
Video Game League Announces Random Drug Tests For Competitors
Military Says It Is Committed to Fairness in Manning Case
Restaurant famous for throwing rolls at gets sued for throwing rolls
Jeb Bush Says His Brother's "Mission Was Accomplished" in Iraq
Jeb Bush Says His Brother's Security "Mission Was Accomplished" in Iraq
It's unconstitutional to ban the homeless from sleeping outside, the federal government says
GA sheriff asks drug dealers to turn their 'competition' in
White House makes improbable Straight Outta Compton meme about Iran nuclear deal
ISIS preaches rape a part of its religious doctrine
A Response To the Free Bleeding Marathon Runner From the Marathon's Actual Winner
Paramount Pictures Goes After The Codfather Fish Shop Over A Fish That Looks Like Marlon Brando
More than 150 crocodiles and alligators rescued from Toronto home
Man robs same bank twice in a week, hasn't been caught.
Unpaid UN intern snags prime lake-front property - in a tent
Man Poses as Target on Facebook, Trolls Haters of Its Gender-Neutral Move With Epic Replies
ISP's e-mail password reset system is a guy named "Shawn"
Birth certificates latest battleground in Florida's gay marriage fight
Israeli Troops Furious at New West Bank Rules of Engagement: Troops Can't Shoot Fleeing Palestinians in the Back Anymore
SWAT called to rescue man from tree
California Faces Shortage Of Paper For Birth, Death, Marriage Certificates
John Kerry: I write emails assuming that Russia and China are 'very likely' reading them
Sea creature called Flying spaghetti monster found beneath ocean
FOUND: A Flying Spaghetti Monster
Liking Ex-Girlfriend's Facebook Photos Sends Man to Jail for Violating His Restraining Order
Restaurant famous for throwing rolls gets sued for throwing rolls
Crossfit guru does a handstand on Berlin's Holocaust memorial
There is a Ned Flanders-themed metal band called Okilly Dokilly
Man with snake in restaurant calls it a service animal
Parishioners packing heat: Alabama church opens gun range
Army Ranger students learning about lightning safety injured by bolt
Man in bear suit harasses bears
Lightning strike hits Army Rangers during lightning protection drills
Man in bear costume harasses bears in Alaska
These cops are tired of white people getting freaked out by their black neighbors
Fat Mike Offers "Hipster" $100 To Leave NOFX Show
University administrator's late-night sex in hotel room not job-related duty, courts rule
Woman sues restaurant known for throwing rolls after she gets hit by bread
A Man Wearing a Bear Costume Is Harassing Bears in Alaska
Why Italy's parmesan makers are threatening to sue PornHub
Giải mã ý nghĩa nằm mơ thấy con rết
Pornhub could be sued by Italian Parmigiano-Reggiano parmesan cheese maker.
Man Dresses as Bear to Harass Bears
Perez Hilton proposes a media wide #KardashianKleanse, Kim threatens to remove him from her app
Lightning strike hits Army Ranger students during lightning protection drills
CIA Accidentally Releases Apology Letter It Wrote, But Never Sent To The Senate For Illegally Spying On It
Uzbeki Airline Will Begin Weighing Passengers as Part of a New 'Safety' Measure
Bar brawl broke out at fundraiser for funeral of Saskatoon man killed trying to stop bar brawl
Airline begins weighing passengers for 'safety'
Drug trafficking carrier pigeon detained in Costa Rica
Sesame Workshop and HBO Announce Five-Year Partnership
School Officials Used Young Girl as "Bait" in Rape Sting, She Was Raped and they Covered it Up
Man causes a crash in traffic that he created the previous day by causing a crash
http://m.wcvb.com/health/fda-approves-painkiller oxycontin for children 11 and older
Woman sues for being hit by a bread roll from a restaurant known for throwing its rolls at customers.
Monkey quarantined after biting Target employee
Man wants to know what life is like as a goat
Overweight bicycle cops fine philanthropic San Antonio woman $2,000 for feeding hungry homeless persons with a permit; only the government can feed the poor
Sixth man to walk on moon says aliens prevented nuclear war between US and Russia, helped 'create peace on Earth'
Former NASA astronaut claims the aliens prevented nuclear war between the US and Russia
Russian Bodybuilder Claims To Have Knife Proof Abs, Gets Stabbed In Stomach At Party
Man with no hands confesses to 13 thefts in Raipur
Science reveals bears can be somewhat annoyed by drones
One-legged man 'loses the run of himself'
Jeb Bush refuses to rule out use of torture if he becomes US president
New Zealand's First Alcohol-Free Bar Had to Close Because No One Came
150 crocodiles, alligators rescued from Toronto-area home
Jeb Bush, Hosted By Defense Contractor-Backed Group, Calls Iraq War "A Pretty Good Deal"
Tips on Deleting Emails From Email Book Hillary Clinton Wanted to Read
POLICE: DWI DRIVER'S CRASH CLOSES ROAD; LATER CRASHES IN BACKLOG
Pregnant Kelly Harris jailed for Cambridge burglaries - and has 20 court appearances to her name
'Hoodie' advice for people in seagull attack areas
Catholic Priest says gay sex like 'cramming a bagel in your ear'
Some Isolated Tribes in the Amazon Are Initiating Contact
Alabama woman allegedly caught breaking into jail 2 weeks after release
Gunfire erupts at Wendy's drive-through after car tries to cut in line
Man dressed in bear costume harasses bears in Alaska
Donald Trump Talks Like a Third-Grader
Say 'Hello' to Prospects and Hang-up the Call with Customers
VIDEO: Pig wrestler throws animal rights protester over fence at county fair
Pigeon Caught Flying Drugs Into Prison
Guy in bear costume harrasses bears, wildlife officials aren't sure what his problem is
Three men arrested following treasure hunt in New York City's sewers
Man in bear costume harasses bears in Alaska, wardens don't know what his problem is
Jesse Ventura roots for Trump, open to being running mate
Orthodontists warn against DIY braces treatment
Man in bear costume harrases bears
BMW owns Alphabet and has no intentions to sell it to Google
Portage Bay crow battle lands in court
Five years after laying foundation stone, Goa minister Churchill Alemao back at Colvale jail as prisoner
NBC officially fires Trump from 'Celebrity Apprentice'
Big Mac attack: Man charged with assault over burgers
Saudi law allows young men married to ugly women to take drugs in order to have sex with them.
Man Looking for Lost Cell Phone Dies When Hit by Roller Coaster
ISIS Suicide bomb instructor fails to keep 21 students alive
Neighbors sue to stop Seattle's bird-feeding family
'You're stupid for buying an alligator, let alone 150 of them': More than 150 crocodiles and alligators rescued from Toronto home
The 199 Most Donald Trump Things Donald Trump Has Ever Said
MAN IN BEAR COSTUMES HARASSES BEARS IN ALASKA
25,000 Farmers Seek President's Permission To Hang Themselves On Independence Day
Lighting strike injures 40 U.S. Army Rangers during training exercise on how to avoid being hit by lightning
Customer hit by dinner roll sues restaurant known for throwing dinner rolls
Man Fatally Struck by Rollercoaster While Searching for Lost Phone
apple diversity report shows little progress
Alabama church opens gun range behind sanctuary
D.A.R.E. Is Giving Students LSD: New Approach to Drug Prevention
Grounded: Rich Kid Burns Ferrari for Upgrade
What it feels like to fly from Italy to Australia, but land 17,000 km away from the right Sydney
Spoiled son burns Ferrari so rich dad would buy him new one
Gunman Opens Fire at Wendy's Drive-Thru After Car Attempts to Cut Line
Walsall disability benefit assessment centre run by Capita 'is unaccessible to disabled people'
Englishman tries to rob a bank using a gun drawn on a piece of paper
Stoned driving suspect asks Iowa cop for selfie, cop 'happily' obliges
Catholic Priest: Gay Sex Is Like a Bagel in the Ear
FDA approves OxyContin for kids
Police warn of 'evil spirit cleansing' scam
Why can straight white men have sex with men without social consequences?
Jenna Bush gives birth to baby girl named "Poppy"
Scott Walker: Iran deal like leaving sons unattended with girls
Drug Trafficing Pigeons Detained
Singapore warns that "organic" orange juice is secretly laced with erectile dysfunction medication
Man in bear costume harasses mother bear, 2 cubs in Alaska
Baby boom in Western NY 9 months after last November's snowstorms
HSA warns against orange juice brand found to contain banned erectile dysfunction drug
University president offended by bias-free language guide
Motörhead frontman Lemmy has switched from whiskey to vodka for health reasons
Sex assault suspect arrested after holding tortoise ransom
Inmate With Stock Tips Wants To Be San Quentin's Warren Buffett
Edmonton man was secretly hoarding a flock of sheep that went unnoticed by city inspectors for 20 years
Ужастик: ВИРУС В КОМПЕ. КОРОТКОМЕТРАЖКА.
Man in a bear suit seen harassing real bears in Alaska
Man complains detectives stole his 91 marijuana plants in Putnam County
Family threatened with jail over purple playground
Looking for leaked footage of anticipated video games? Apparently PornHub is the place to go
Jogger in Caerphilly's Morgan Jones Park stops mid-run to masturbate behind tree | News | CaerphillyObserver.co.uk
Woman takes limo to shoplift in Minnesota mall
Residents: White in Winton Terrace? Probably buying drugs
Y Combinator's L. Condoms Provides Safe Sex, On-Demand
Bar with no alcohol fails within weeks of opening
Church opens gun range 'in the name of Jesus Christ'
Chicago conservative "envious" of Hurricane Katrina in the most appalling op-ed of the year
White supremacist wants to take over, rename town after Donald Trump
Pistol-whipped detective says he didn't shoot attacker because of headlines
Man in bear costume taunts bears in Alaska
Woman Sues Restaurant Known for Throwing Rolls, for Throwing Rolls
Ben Carson Says Abortions Are Main Cause Of Death For Black People
A Catholic Priest Said Gay Sex Is Like Stuffing Bagels in Your Ears
Performance enhancing drugs banned for gamers
Don't freak out, but scientists think octopuses 'might be aliens' after DNA study
Motorhead's Lemmy Kilmister forced to switch from drinking whiskey to vodka for health reasons.
Burger Boost: McDonald's Quietly Changes Size of the Quarter Pounder
25,000 farmers seek permission to hang themselves on India's Independence Day
Tokyo man flushes love rival's penis down toilet
U.K. police force mocks homeless couple after tweeting 'walk of shame' photo
Carrier pigeon carrying cocaine and marijuana in a bag attached to its chest is caught in bizarre plot to smuggle drugs into a Costa Rican prison
Does Kissing Really Create A Greater Risk Of Developing Mouth Cancer Than Smoking?
Architects Want To Crowdfund A Real-Life Minas Tirith From 'Lord Of The Rings'
Giant Dome Almost Built To Cover Entire Vermont Town
NBC chairman threatens ALF reboot if Coach reboot is successful
MI rep apologizes for bizarre, fake prostitution scandal to cover up an affair
A Guide to Periods for Men | VICE | United States
Fox Sports to travel cross-country in a Jim Harbaugh-themed bus
Parents Sue Hospital For Their Failed Abortion.
Bizarre video clip shows Tony Abbott eating a raw onion in 2011
Veteran invents new MRSA treatment method and is giving idea away patent and compensation free.
CAPE COD RACE LETS RUNNERS COMPETE VIRTUALLY FROM TREADMILLS
Nigerian Court Allows Man to Divorce Wife of 25 Years for 'Repeatedly Failing to Serve Dinner on Time'
Meet the man who wants to know what life's like as a goat
The White House used an over-the-top 'Straight Outta Compton' meme to try and sell the Iran deal
Drones could be stressing out wildlife, scientists suggest
Poll: Nation split on Bush as uniter or divider
White House under fire for using meme to push Iran deal on Twitter
Paralysed man caught drink-driving and speeding in Pembrokeshire
"Frozen" Director Confirms Belief That Tarzan Is Anna & Elsa's Little Brother
Flamethrowers, given up by military, are now being sold to the public.
Costa Rican authorities detain drug-smuggling pigeon
Pistol-whipped officer: I hesitated
Alaska man dons costume to harass bears
British man arrested in Warsaw for trying to rob a bank with a drawing of a gun
Russian Man Claiming To Have Stab Proof Abs Is Stabbed And Hospitalised
Whopper Rainbow Landed on Lake Mary Ronan
Phillies Clubhouse: Blind broadcaster has great sense for baseball
'Frozen' director says Tarzan is the brother of Anna and Elsa
Russian Court Bans Anarchist Farmer's Self-Made Currency
Honor student who 'texted her friend telling him to get back in his truck and gas himself to death' argues encouraging someone else to commit suicide is NOT a crime
Man accidentally drives car into pond, smokes pipe while waiting for emergency services
Anti-Gay Bakers Complain They Are Being Silenced While Speaking Into Microphone At Large Rally
Pacu caught in N.J., sparks testicle-eating fish legend
L.A. Cougar Known for Crossing Freeways Killed by Car
Researcher makes himself into a GOAT with prosthetics to follow herd in the Alps
Man in Bear Costume Hassles Actual Bears in Alaska
NASA searches for volunteers to stay in bed for 70 days in a row and get paid $18,000
Snap a 'pelfie' and win!
'Sesame Street' is heading to HBO
Thomas Thwaites Is Sick Of Being Human, So He Decides To Become A Goat Instead
North Korea celebrates new time zone, 'Pyongyang Time'
Sudbury woman upset someone mowed her lawn without asking
Muskogee county gun range a "Muslim - free zone"
Burgler cleans up, decorates, and rearranges Alcoa, TN restaurant.
Jeb Bush Insists He's A Washington Outsider
Students steal teachers' passwords and bypass school internet filters, study shows
Toy Story 4 will be a love story between Woody and Bo Peep
Quebec considers removing N-word from 11 place names
Jihadists Armed With Koran for Dummies Jailed in U.K.
Driver with sticker on car saying "If I die speeding don't cry because I was smiling" is killed in speeding car
Hunger Games poster accidentally writes expletive across Jennifer Lawrence's face
Hillary on Snapchat: I love how messages 'disappear all by themselves'
Yosemite Campground Shutting After 2 Squirrels Die of Plague
'House for sale by owner because my neighbor's a douchebag' sign raises stakes in Texas feud
PornHub to be sued by Parmigiano-Reggiano cheesemakers
Chicago Tribune columnist wishes for a Hurricane Katrina
Driver with a sticker of Paul Walker's "If one day speed kills me, don't cry because I was smiling," quote is killed in a speeding car
'Service snake' couple shares shocks MO diners
Man dressed in bear costume harasses bears
Woman sentenced for mailing loaded gun
Violence leads mayor to declare Walmart public nuisance
44 Army Rangers struck by lightning
LMFAO, The Band, Sends Cease And Desist Over LMFAO, The Beer
Guy Ritchie wants to do a topless photo shoot with Vladimir Putin
The Catholic Church performed a country-wide exorcism on Mexico
An Egyptian Blind Man Fixes PCs Hardware Problems
Rare tortoise on the run; police department joins chase
Russian Media Fails to Notice Americans Do Not Have British Accents
Donald Trump Called to Jury Duty In Manhattan
NOFX confront hipster spotted at live show and offer him $100 to leave
Llamas on the loose: Officers recapture 3 runaway animals
Man in bear costume harasses grizzlies in Alaska, motive unclear
Students suspended after riding horses to school
Parents upset after former Fruitland Park cop ID'd as KKK member hired at school
Scientists confirm that the Paleo diet is nonsense
Donald Trump Named as Kremlin Agent by Ukrainian 'Enemy List' Website / Sputnik International
I've seen Kaspersky slap his staff with a walrus penis - and even I doubt the false-positive claims
Virginia man arrested again for indecent exposure - wearing dog collar, fetish clothing and naked from the waist down
Even superheroes go on holiday! Masked 'Bromley Batman' swoops in to save tourist couple from gang of muggers in Cornish resort
Swansea burglar caught after leaving beef jerky snack behind
Who is the 'Bromley Batman'? Rumours of South London's very own superhero are sparked by eyewitness accounts
UK Councillor Wants Armed Drones To Kill Seagulls
In Beijing a woman was killed by sword outside the same Uniqlo shop where a viral sex video was shot
outpatient programs in Temple
Florida Woman Caught on Camera Teaching Child to Steal at Liquor Store
Brit draws gun on paper and tries to rob bank
We're not saying it's a breakfast beer, but we're not saying it's not
App tells you if you're too stoned to drive, Taco Bell reeling
This Apple employee is so secretive he signs his emails with a question mark Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/apple-employee-emails-question-mark-2015-8#ixzz3iszYTwcQ
Aren't there enough people to deal with at Heathrow already? Now airport staff are trained to interact with children's IMAGINARY friends
Woman gets pregnant 13 times in 10 years to avoid jail sentence
This Man Gave Up Being Human To Live Like A Goat
This Man Gave Up Being A Human To Live Like A Goat
Apollo 14 astronaut claims peace-loving aliens prevented 'nuclear war' on Earth
Plague-Infected Squirrels Close Campsite
Flying Spaghetti Monster found off Angolan coast: Reports
Japanese boxer Ikki Kodukai cuts off lawyer's penis with garden shears
New Piñata Trumps Usual Party Props For Mexican Entrepreneur
SAPD: Bank employee withdrew $31K from member's account
Missouri cop bragged about bonus from Ferguson protests: report - Yahoo News
Meet the man who gave up being human to live like a GOAT
A pigeon smuggling drugs into a prison in Costa Rica has been caught by the prison guards
WATCH: Confederate flag waving pig wrestlers toss animal rights activist over a fence
Heavenote: 'Messages from Heaven' lets the dead text from beyond the grave
'Narco-pigeon' caught delivering cocaine, marijuana to Costa Rican prison | Fox News Latino
Driver blames crash on dog, wants it arrested
Man in bear suit seen harassing real bears in Alaska
Stormtrooper Kevin Doyle walked hundreds of miles in honor of his late wife
Dublin Airport seized a Minion ''fart gun'' from a toddler, called it a security risk
Charlotte Radio Station Changes Name to "Drake 92.7"
Gun range's 'Muslim-free establishment' sign sparks barrage of controversy.
Donald Trump talks like a 4th grader: linguistic analysis
Throwed Rolls restaurant sued for throwing roll at customer
'Literary Litterbug' Admits Tossing 600 Books From His Car Window
Couple who took pet snake for swim in Pa. river say it vanished
Customer sues 'Throwed Rolls' restaurant after being injured by roll
Colorado Man Throws Books Out Car Window, Is Nabbed For Littering
Jimmy John's Employee Fired After Refusing to Serve Police Officer
Dublin Airport security seizes a Minion fart gun from a toddler.
Red Cross Offers Workshops in International Law to Hamas
Dublin Airport security just seized a Minion fart gun from a toddler
20-year-old torches Ferrari his dad gifted him to get a better model - Business Insider
Incredible Footage Of A Snake Giving Birth. WOW!
Diving Team Discovers "Flying Spaghetti Monster" Underwater
While Training On How to Avoid Being Injured by Lightning, 44 Army Rangers Struck by Lightning
Yellowstone National Park visitor takes risk by petting a bison
Mark Wahlberg Is Pretty Sure He Could Have Stopped 9/11
Pistol-Whipped Police Detective Says He Didn`t Shoot Attacker Because of Headlines
Donald Trump Called for Jury Duty in New York Mid-Campaign: "I think it's fun"
Barberton Flasher Exposed Himself To Women, Tried To Sue Them For Taking Video
Russia bulldozes three banned Western frozen geese
Bad Timing: Japan Opens First Nuclear Plant Since Fukushima As Neighboring Volcano Erupts
Petition calls for the removal of African American monument is South Carolina due to the "feelings of shame, humiliation, and offense" it causes white Americans. 42,000+ have signed.
Bland Monster Jeb Bush 'Proud' of his Brother Torturing People
Lawsuit over two-word tweet-"actually yes"-can move ahead, judge finds
Jim Bob Duggar Wants To Counsel Sexual Abuse Victims, Pitches New Reality Show
Barack Obama Shares Diverse Summer Vacation Playlists
Powerball Winner Spends $9M to Bail Her Boyfriend Out of Jail
North Carolina lottery winner spends $9 million to bail convict fiancé out of jail - twice
Bill Gates' poop water machine gets a test run
Powerball Winner Spends $9 Mill To Bail Boyfriend Out Of Jail...Twice
Police Officer sues over Hanley nightclub alarm 'hearing damage'
Best cash ISAs 2015/16
Blind, cat-loving Shoshoni man sues police after they taste themselves, him
Calls for drones to tackle seagulls
[Not Clickhole] You've Never Seen A Belt Like This Before...How It Works Is Awesome!!
Humanity Has Already Used An Entire Earth's Worth Of Resources This Year
Man Gives Up Living As A Human To Be A Goat
Stop broadcasts or we'll blow up your speakers, North Korea tells Seoul
Lonely, single people are being blamed for America's snacking frenzy
Australian Artist Has Ear Growing Out Of Arm
The man with an ear on his arm
The story of a man who quit being human to live like a goat.
This Apple employee is so secretive he signs his emails with a question mark (AAPL)
Teen Steals Pompeii Tile to Buy an iPhone
Hillary Clinton Chomps on Pork Chops as Donald Trump Helicopter Circles Above
Study: At-home nudity most common in NJ
'Flying Spaghetti Monster' Stuns Crew Who Discovered Him
Contractors (Respectfully) Request that the President Stop Issuing Executive Orders Focused on Contractors
Man gives up on life. Becomes a goat instead.
Store celebrates 10,000th shoplifter
Black bear tries to get into condo through cat door
North Korea threatens to attack U.S.
Donald Trump Called To Jury Duty
Man goes to hospital for leg pain, finds out he only has half a brain
Bear Pokes its Head Through Cat Door in Latest Break-In at Idaho Home
South Korea's president pardons 6,500 criminals including CEOs convicted of embezzlement because of their "contributions to the national economy"
Pigeon stuffed with cocaine caught by guards as it tries to fly into prison
PHOTOS: Guy Fieri Makes Nachos in a Trashcan (and They're Amazing!)
Don't bring drugs to primary school ball, parents told
McDonald's 'Quarter Pounder' Now a Little Bigger Than a Quarter Pound
Don't bring drugs to ball, parents told
op Wellington doctor asks intern: 'Do you eat dog?'
Catholic Priest tells kids: Gays having anal sex same as 'cramming a bagel in your ear'
Wheaties Is Now Making Beer, for Those Who Want a Different Breakfast of Champions
Jeb Bush Calls Common Core 'Poisonous,' Forgets He Actually Supports It
Florida Police Officer Fired For Being In KKK; Gets A New Job At Elementary School
Florida Police Officer Fired For Being In KKK Got A New Job At Elementary School
Government employees say they're only watching porn at work because they're bored
EPA Employees Watched Porn, Harassed Women And Got Promoted
Bridal Shoot of The World's Most Hairy Woman Will Leave You Speechless
The world's most hairiest women goes for a bridal shoot!
Baby Born Pregnant With Her Own Twins
Fights break out, gates closed at anti-violence mayor's event
A 'narco pigeon' was caught smuggling drugs into a Costa Rican prison
Pigeon caught smuggling drugs into Costa Rican prison
40 migrants die off Italy - 'worst crisis since WW2'
McDonald's sorry after French workers forbidden to feed vagrants
outpatient programs in Killeen
Chinese companies face culture shock in countries that aren't like China
Despite White House lobbying, Senator Flake opposes Iran nuclear deal
Women who work or lift a lot may struggle to get pregnant
World's luckiest diner gets 25 billion-to-one meal with double AND triple yolked eggs in Bristol pub
Fearless koala chases South Australian woman on quad bike
Lycaenid Butterfly Caterpillars Can 'Convert' Enemy Ants And Turn Them Into Bodyguards.
Man searching for mobile phone killed by rollercoaster in Ohio
Daycare Worker,31, Claims He 'Accidentally' Raped 5-Year-Old Girl During A 'Tickle Fight' Daycare Worker,31, Claims He 'Accidentally' Raped 5-Year-Old Girl During A 'Tickle Fight'
Internet sees Vladimir Putin's face in flock of birds over New York Cityv
Internet sees Vladimir Putin's face in flock of birds over New York City
Putin's War: A Swedish Sniper In Ukraine
Monkeys-riding-dogs derby goes forward despite protests in Illinois
Shark acts like a shark, everybody freaks out
Couple rattles diner's nerves with snake 'service animal
Bus knocks down cycling safety demonstrators in Helsinki
Domino's Pizza delivered by PLANE to remote Caribbean islands
Woman's skinny jeans landed her in the hospital
Athletics Chiefs 'Blocked Drug Cheats Study'
Colorado Veterinarians Say Marijuana Use Is On The Rise Among Dogs
School Officials Use Girl As Bait In Rape Sting. She Gets Raped.
(Maryland) Housing chief suggests mothers may deliberately expose children to lead
Max Factor teams up with Star Wars for new make-up line.
Max Factor teams with Star Wars for new make-up line.
Two Russians Badly Impersonate CIA Spies to Pin MH17 on U.S.
Fashion victim? Woman hospitalized for squatting in skinny jeans
Top 10 Richest People in Pakistan 2015
Cited by animal control in dog dispute, couple responds with 'douchebag' yard sign
Senator wants promises that net neutrality doesn't help terrorists
Flying Spaghetti Monster Found By BP
Police Departments To Equip Patrol Cars With Guns That Shoot GPS Projectiles
James Harrison of Pittsburgh Steelers takes away kids' participation trophies, says awards must be earned
Catholic priest tells children gay sex is 'like cramming a bagel into your ear'
A Florida Dad Took His 16-Year-Old Daughter To A Strip Club And Let Her Snort Cocaine
Wife swapping a common practice in the Indian navy!
Donald Trump 'Wanted Princess Diana As A Trophy Wife'
Apollo Astronaut Says UFOs Came to Prevent Nuclear War
Spanish woman fined for posting picture of police parked in disabled bay
Five reasons why Aamir khan is an idiot!
Coca Cola gave $1.5 million to scientists who say soft drinks don't cause obesity
These Clueless People Think They've Met An ACTUAL Celebrity
Donald Trump Gave Princess Diana 'The Creeps' After Bombarding Her With Flowers
Five reasons why Shah Rukh Khan sucks!
Could We Cure HIV with Lasers? | Patience Mthunzi | TED Talks
Florida Man shoots woman's dog in Winter Park, FL
Psychopaths less likely to be affected by contagious yawning
Fleakeeper: Red Hot Chili Peppers bassist is now a beekeeper
If You Hate Your Armpit Hair, You Can Microwave It Off Now
Messi et Cristiano Ronaldo
Women are microwaving their armpits to get rid of sweat and hair
Bizarre undersea critter: What's a 'Flying spaghetti monster'?
In states with more guns, more police officers are killed on duty
Flying Spaghetti Monster caught on camera
NY Hospital Prepares for Baby Boom 9 Months After Storm
Actress Refusing to Wax Her Moustache for a Television Role
'I am Batman,' Trump tells boy on helicopter ride
A "must see" film about mind control and the media
Trump Talks Like a Fourth Grader: Linguistic Analysis
Donald Trump 'bombarded' Princess Diana with flowers, gave her the 'creeps'
Mike Huckabee: 10-year-old rape victim should be forced to carry rapist's baby
Mike Huckabee Supports Denying Abortion to 10-Year-Old Rape Victim
Peace-loving aliens prevented nuclear war between USA, USSR
Western Australian Legislative council deputy clerk is fired. Allegedly in possession of a baseball bat and balaclava near the home of the clerk of the Council, Nigel Pratt.
Alabama Woman Arrested Trying to Break In to County Jail (She was released from jail, then tried to break in to the very same jail to give her convict friends a cellphone, 2 bags of tobacco, and narcotics)
Man's lip-syncing on road trip irks sister
Chuyện lạ khó tin đi cướp ngân hàng bằng súng giấy
Alabama Woman Arrested Trying to Break In to County Jail
Woman fined for Facebook pic of police car in disabled spot
Jailed husband supplies ecstasy to drug-dealing pregnant wife
Finally: The $3000 Putin-themed Apple Watch you've been waiting for is here
'Wizard' banned from Orana wildlife park after his chanting upset the gorillas
The Dutch military are out of bullets. They must shout Bang-Bang instead.
Pistol-whipped cop didn't shoot black suspect, didn't want to be labeled murderer
Dau Dia CD Hay Giá Bán Tốt Nhất Cho Mọi Nhà
Meet the man who gave up being a human to live like a goat
Fire destroys "A Dong Restaurant"
A Dong Restaurant Damaged By Fire
Skipping church? Facial recognition software could be tracking you
Drug addict stole a Wispa bar and Ribena - as he wanted to go back to prison
Florida Man Complains the Cops Stole His 91 Weed Plants, Gets Arrested for Growing 91 Weed Plants.
Aussie Couple Wake Up To Find Naked Irishman in Bed with Them
Aussie Couple Wake Up to Find Strange Naked Irishman in Bed With Them
Man's lip-syncing annoys sister on 7-hour car trip
Woman Angry About New Haircut Destroys The Salon With A Sledgehammer
North Korea threatens to blow up neighbour's speakers
Scientists Uncover A Difference Between The Sexes
Sydney couple wake to find naked Irishman in their bed
North Korea welcomes new time zone to break from 'imperialism'
Wizard enrages Orana Park gorillas
Donald Trump Wanted Princess Diana as 'Trophy Wife': Report
This guy tries to wear high heels for an entire day
Report: 1 In 3 Young Adults Too Fat To Enlist In Military
'Flying Spaghetti Monster' caught on video
Animal Urges: Women and Bestiality. Why would anyone want to have sex with anything other than a human being?
Top 10 Searched Porn Stars of 2015
50 Ukrainian Ducks Confiscated, Burned on Russian Border
FOX targets free fitness workout for using the word 'Avatar'
Women-in-tech events are anti-male, say men's rights activists
Fascist lyrics to Spanish national anthem accidentally played at badminton championships
Sex offender dwarf caught gigging as leprechaun at nightclub
Bernie Sanders makes it clear: He's not like Donald Trump
Arts Union Blasts Shakespeare Production For Having White Actors And No Disabled Quota
Man Makes $10,000 a Month Writing on Potatoes and Sending Them in the Mail
RAF bases in Mildenhall, Lakenheath and Alconbury said to be on 'ISIS hitlist'
N. Texas man turns 'dumbest idea ever' into big business
In Some of the U.S. Cities Uber Drivers Earn the Most
Gay Marriage Hurts My Breasts
Fireman fired for using hose to fill his own pool
This Israeli Cafe In Kasol Refuses To Serve Indian Customers. Not Cool At All
Tennis Star Novak Djokovic Complains of Pot-Smoking Spectator During Match
Vacant Bathrooms "Too Small" So Parents Let Kid Poo in the Airplane Aisle
Fugitive Lebanese cleric Ahmad al-Assir fails to avoid arrest with '70s makeover'
Scottish People Are Getting Too Fat to Be Cremated
Supersize coffins too big for ovens
Route 29 Batman is killed after his Batmobile breaks down along a Maryland highway
Batman Impersonator Fatally Struck by His Own Batmobile
Donald Trump: No citizenship for illegal migrants' babies
Texas Judge forces couple to marry and write bible verses
Star Wars fans angry Jurassic World's Colin Trevorrow will direct next film
Batman Impersonator Killed While Checking Batmobile Engine Trouble
Municipalities call for delay of school opening over bad tourism season
Bears get 'stressed' by drones
Hort Zone has gardening solutions made for you, the gardener
At Amazon, Employees Treat the Bathroom as an Extension of the Office
Route 29 Batman is killed after his Batmobile breaks down along a Md. highway
Academic 'to spend a year as David Bowie' as part of year-long experiment
Anonymous Hacks Israeli Government, Officials Blame Hamas, So They Hack Again To Prove It Was Them
Maryland's 'Batman' struck, killed checking engine of Batmobile on highway
Beloved Batman Impersonator Dies In Batmobile Crash
Real Life Batman Killed After Batmobile Breaks Down On Highway
Istanbul locals save tourist's car from falling into the sea by sitting on hood until assistance arrived
Oh No She Didn't! Audience Member Seeks Relief Onstage in Midst of a Performance
How To I Kill My Diabetes in 42 days
Asian arrested in camel urine scam
How To I Reverse My Diabetes in just Four Weeks
Man opens fire at Wendy's drive-thru after car tries to cut line
Training Officers to Shoot First, and He Will Answer Questions Later
Amazon Chief Says Employees Lacking Empathy Will Be Instantly Purged
Osama cited Mahatma Gandhi as inspiration in 1993 speech: audio tapes
Walmart a public nuisance, Indiana mayor declares
Mayor declares Indiana Walmart a public nuisance
Batman impersonator killed while 'checking faulty Batmobile engine'
Psychologist openly admits he trains police officers to shoot first and ask questions later
Man with sword kills woman in broad daylight in Beijing (NSFW)
Live tiger in Detroit causes bit of an uproar
Live tiger gets loose inside Detroit's Packard Plant
Bernie Sanders just berated a reporter for asking about his hair
Britain's Got Talent offers refunds over 'misleading' stunt dog double
Bar fight breaks out at fundraiser to cover costs of funeral of man killed breaking up a bar fight
Calling Police 'Pigs' Lands Teen in Jail: Legal experts say he made a big mistake.
The Man Who Tried To Live As A Goat: Researcher Transforms Himself With Prosthetics To Follow A Herd In The Alps
Police SWAT raid on organic farm after Tomato plants mistaken for Marijuana.
Police: Motorcyclist shot self during traffic stop
Radio station ditches gospel in favour of 24-7 Drake
Texas Police raid organic Tomato farm thinking it was Marijuana.
COOL SPOTS, FUN STUFF This is Where You Go in L.A. To See a Very *Suggestive* Statue of Batman and Superman
Man who dressed up as Batman to visit sick kids killed in car accident
Customers Flock To See 'McDonald's Goddess' Working at Taiwan Restaurant
Jeff Bezos Is Simply Shocked to Hear Amazon Is a Shitty Place to Work
'Dead' man sits up and hurls abuse at people who saved him
Bullfighter returns to ring after goring and gets gored again
Batman killed by his own Batmobile
Mystery man wears BEAR costume to harass grizzlies in Alaskan river
Australian Couple Wakes Up to Find Naked Man in Bed With Them
A&W surprises swimmers with world's first "float thru"
Sexpat Stereotype Takes a Toll on Fathers and Daughters
Batman Impersonator Dies After Being Struck by Batmobile
Detroit PD respond to reports of Tiger loose at the Packard Plant
Sexpat Stereotype Takes Toll on Daughters and Fathers
Hillary Clinton revived America's reputation in world
Norm Macdonald is now Colonel Sanders
Have We Reached Peak Vinyl?
Playing Tetris Can Help Reduce Craving for Drugs, Food, and Sex: Study
CNN Surprised 'Straight Outta Compton' Didn't Cause Violence, Earned Record Money Instead
Walmart store declared public nuisance by mayor of Indiana city
'Bama sorority video worse for women than Donald Trump
Trending Bangkok explosion Next Labour leader Andy Burnham UK weather Alexander Pacteau Sport Technology Money Travel Fashion Home News UK News Tattoos Husband dumped over penis tattoo stretching six-and-a-half inches down his leg after drunken prank
Remove the Southern belle from her inglorious perch
Texas judge tells defendant in assault case the sentence is marriage or jail
Someone Found a Tiger Hanging Out in an Abandoned Building in Detroit
Hillary Clinton Doesn't Pay Interns, Wants Companies to Pay Interns (Might Even Force Them)
Ann Coulter: Donald Trump can personally perform abortions in the White House if he makes this happen
This Has To Be The Most Racist Pizza Ever Created
'Flying Spaghetti Monster' Caught on Camera off Coast of Angola
Complaint filed against Texas judge over 'get married or go to jail' order
Nonsexual cuddle parties catching on in Utah County
Marriage Torn Apart by Hilarious Penis Tattoo
Waukesha man charged in LSD-fueled naked joy ride, police chase
Pope Bot begins Delaware Valley voyage after hitchBOT's demise
Starbucks Adds A New Ingredient To Pumpkin Spice Latte: Pumpkin
Fort Wayne Woman Marries God
Jon Stewart to Host WWE SummerSlam 2015
Jon Stewart to host WWE's Summer Slam
Bill Gates was so addicted to Minesweeper, he used to sneak into a colleague's office after work to play.
George Zimmerman -- Buy My Confederate Flag Paintings ... Win a Prize | TMZ.com
VA locked in 20-year lease, paying $68 million in RENT for Wilmington Clinic
Chinese government mouthpiece insists there will be no Tianjin cover-up, cites "openly investigated" cases
Countries with the most beautiful women in the world!
Toddler's Minions 'fart blaster' not allowed on flight as it has a trigger
First This Out High School Athlete Was Harassed, Now He's Been Removed From The Yearbook
McDonald's quietly changes its Quarter Pounder size
Airport security confiscates kid's Fart Blaster
Canadian University Offers a Class on the Business of Marijuana
'Batman' Killed in Maryland Roadside Accident
LED Corn Lamp - ReneSola - Green Energy Products
SORTEO DEL LINGOTE DE ORO : INSCRIPCION OFICIAL .
George Zimmerman Is Joining 'Muslim-Free Zone' Gun Store Owner to Sell Confederate Flags
Live Animals Are Stuck Inside These Plastic Keychains
Osama cited Gandhi to seek inspiration
With gas prices low, Oregon traffic deaths jump in 2015
Six fire trucks, six police cars and one hazmat unit investigate glitter envelope sent to Liberal Craig Laundy
600 police gunshots during Stockton bank robbery were 'excessive,' report says
Heavy metal band "Okilly Dokilly" inspires name from Ned Flanders (The Simpsons), and dress like him
Apollo Astronaut Says Aliens Prevented A Nuclear War On Earth
Mothers facing C-sections look to vaginal 'seeding' to boost their babies' health
Okilly Dokilly is a heavy metal band dedicated to Ned Flanders
Get ready for ads on the moon. Starting with this Japanese sports drink
'Peace-loving aliens tried to save America from nuclear war,' claims moon mission astronaut Edgar Mitchell
Trump Vows To Beat Up Black Lives Matter Protesters If They Try To Speak At His Campaign Events
"Muslim-Free" Gun Shop Raffles Off Confederate Flag Painting by George Zimmerman
Fox Reportedly Plans on Moving Forward with 'Fantastic Four' Sequel
Alaska Police Seek Man In A Bear Costume For Taunting Bears
A guy dressed like "Emperor Palpatine from 'Star Wars'" is dropping raw meat on playgrounds
FBI Evidence Proves Innocence of Accused Boston Marathon Bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev
George Zimmerman unveils Confederate flag painting to benefit 'Muslim free' gun shop owner
Patrick Kane's Lawyer is Arguing with People on Facebook
Novak Djokovic left 'dizzy' after 'cannabis smell' at the Rogers Cup
Maharashtra police 'detain' parrot accused of hurling obscenities
Newport mother charged for punishing child with horse whip
Police 'summon' parrot accused of abusing woman.
Children of murdered Irishman in North Carolina left in custody of main suspect
Man tries to stop a suicide, plummets to his own death
Starbucks' Pumpkin Spice Latte will be made with real pumpkin
Donald Trump to young boy: "I am Batman"
Israel Swaps Drones with Hamas
Oath Keepers to Arm 50 Black Protesters in Ferguson with AR- 15's for an Epic Rights Flexing March
Oath Keepers plan unique demonstration with assault rifles in Ferguson
Woman who sued pro-Putin Russian 'troll factory' gets one rouble in damages
{(Heart Touching*)} Happy Teachers Day 2015 Short Poems & Speech In Hindi |English
BreadTalk Caught on Undercover Video in China Reusing Cooking Oil, Using Expired Condiments Staff don't dare to eat their own store's food
Wanted Pakistani militant seeks to ban Bollywood action film
Bodybuilder Gets So Addicted To Muscle Injections He Risked Arm Amputation
Parrot Summoned to Police Station for Hurling Obscenities at Old Woman
Cambridge bids for Britain's brainest bins that send emails when they're full
ISIS Is Running a 5-Star Hotel in Iraq
Grandad's delight after eggstraordinary 25 billion to one meal
Woman: I'm married to Jesus
Apple soon to launch a sex app!
Russian Police Investigating Online Contest for Best Selfie with Deceased
Russian police bust $30 million contraband cheese ring
Norway jails Latvian whisky-drinking airBaltic co-pilot
Sophie Monk 'groped' by shirtless man while dressed as slice of pizza at footy
Man trying to prevent suicide falls to his death from University of Hawaii dorm
Facebook user fined US$890 for posting photo of police car in disabled parking spot
Explaindio 2 Review | How to Create Whiteboard Doodle Sketch Videos
ites apology to library for damaging book while falling asleep reading
Boy writes apology to library for damaging book while falling asleep reading
HMP Birminghan inmates release prison cell rap music on YouTube
Woman sets boyfriend's balls on fire for cheating
Exclusive: Jon Stewart to host WWE SummerSlam
Old Nabisco warehouse eyed by paper mills for temporary cardboard storage
According to Rick Perry only 1 million women have jobs in Texas
Ohio trooper advertised 'traffic stop sex' on Craigslist
WW2 bomb explodes hours after children were playing with it on beach
Batman killed while tending to broken down Batmobile.
George Zimmerman Teams Up with Owner of 'Muslim-Free Zone' Gun Shop to Sell Confederate Flag Art
Tumblr revolutionises app release notes with David Karp's rippling muscles
Canadian University Professors Make Sure White Males Are The Last To Speak In Class
Rev. RG Green: "No True Christian Woman Should Experience The Perversion Of The Female Orgasm"
Boehner gets emotional in Golf Channel interview
Scott Walker, a 47-Year-Old Man, Blames Bald Spot on Violent Sink Encounter
How Much Money Does It Take To Make A Lawyer Happy?
Parrot Arrested For Saying Obscene Things To An 85-Year-Old Woman.
Man tries to stop a suicide, plummets to own death
Police bust $30 million contraband cheese ring in Russia
Is Bernie Sanders Actually Larry David? A @Seinfeld2000 Investigation | VICE | United States
Stoners want Google to rename Android Marshmallow
French Fries win Miss Thailand World
Man dies trying to pull another from ledge at Hawaii dorm
Nelson Mandela's grandson appears in court charged with raping 15-year-old girl
Woman arrested for allegedly throwing hot grits onto sleeping man
Starbucks and Panera Revamp Pumpkin Spice Lattes to Have Actual Pumpkin
Passenger has ear bitten off during flight from Newcastle to Ibiza
George Zimmerman selling Confederate flag painting at 'Muslim free' gun store
Burglars Open 1,200 Bottles of Koenig Pilsener Beer, Steal Bottle Caps
George Zimmerman teams up with 'Muslim-free' gun store
Little League softball team accused of tanking at World Series
The 'Muslim-Free' Gun Store is Selling George Zimmerman's Painting of a Confederate Flag
Russian Cops Bust $30M Cheese Ring
Weapons enthusiast turns disc into 'Frisbee of death'
Stunt-loving Putin rides to the bottom of the Black Sea
Jesup man wins $1 milllion Powerball, considers buying tractor
Buffett fans scolded for leaving homemade toilets at show
Starbucks Adds Real Pumpkin to Pumpkin Spice Latte
Data-Crunching Is Coming to Help Your Boss Manage Your Time
Norway at risk of 'cat AIDS' outbreak, animal group warns
Detroit man chases tiger out of abandoned Packard plant with a weed whacker
Man Tries to Rob Store With Sword, But Clerk Has Bigger Sword
George Zimmerman Teams Up with Anti-Muslim Gun Shop Owner to Make Confederate Flag Art
George Zimmerman is teaming up with "Muslim Free" gun shop owner to sell his Confederate Flag painting
Startup rolls out Stork to help with conception at home
'I think I made my point': Montreal mayor Coderre takes jackhammer to Canada Post community mailbox base
Parrot accused of hurling 'obscenities' at old woman, stays mum when brought before police
Man trying to stop suicide at Hawaii university dorm falls to his death
Montreal mayor takes jackhammer to Canada Post community mailbox platform
George Zimmerman Is Selling Prints of a Confederate Flag Painting He Made
U.S. Postal Service Tries Hand as Fishmonger, Grocer
Roberto Soldado fails to kick ball into Villarreal crowd at unveiling following Tottenham transfer Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2015/08/18/roberto-soldado-fails-to-kick-a-ball-into-crowd-of-villarreal-fans-at-unveiling-following-tottenham-transfer-5348477/#ixzz3jBMHVWjN
Brandon has string of break and enters, case of Coke almost stolen
"Straight Outta Compton" not playing in Compton
Police: Repeated buttocks slapper struck women on walking trails
The Duggars want a new reality show in which they counsel sex abuse victims
Tooth Fairy Deflation: Expect Lower Payouts Per Tooth in 2015
Another Russian Teenager Dies While Trying to Take a Selfie on a Train
Report: Eli Manning seeks to become NFL's highest-paid player with new deal
Girl films Cameron eating Pringles on an Easyjet flight
Eli Manning wants to be highest paid player in the NFL
GOP Hopeful Carly Fiorina Under Fire For 'Praising Muslims'
Vancouver's housing costs no problem for entrepreneur living in a van
Police: Paper airplane thrown at Bloomfield children made from porn magazine
Men are flocking to a McDonald's in Taiwan to ogle a female employee
Facing legal bills, 'Muslim-free' gun shop teams with George Zimmerman to sell Confederate flag prints
Yale Professor Seeks to Abolish the Word Master
'In lieu of flowers, do not vote for Hillary Clinton,' N.J. Woman Requests in Obituary
UCF fraternity member who chants "rape" in video is suspect in sex assault
Russian Police Bust a Criminal Cheese Ring
James McAvoy & Daniel Radcliffe turn Frankenstein into an 80s buddy movie | GamesRadar
10 life hacks you never knew you needed from Yoko Ono's Twitter feed
An actual tiger gets loose in Packard Plant in Detroit
Tianjin explosion carried out by Pentagon space weapon in retaliation for Yuan currency devaluation.
Pot 101: B.C. university offers course on how to grow and sell marijuana
Russia Burns Dutch Flowers Amid Netherlands' Inquiry Into Malaysia Airlines Crash
Hillary's email firm was run from a loft apartment with its servers in the BATHROOM
'Muslim-free' gun shop teams with George Zimmerman to sell Confederate flag prints
Man Trying to Stop Teen From Committing Suicide Plummets to His Death | TIME
Police summon a parrot accused if abusing a woman
Germany Says Taking Photos Of Food Infringes The Chef's Copyright
Texas official suggests bombing Muslims with nuclear weapons
Heinz will no longer be allowed to label its red sauce as "ketchup" in Hebrew in Israel after local food manufacturer Osem successfully argued that its competitor's product doesn't meet the definition of Israel's tandards institute.
Body found in Detroit ID'd as missing woman.
Forgetful scientists accidentally quadruple lithium-ion battery lifespan
Viral vedio: Jilted lover sets her boyfriend's D*ck on fire!
Model accused of looking like Bangkok bombing suspect goes to police to clear name
DNA Shows Warren Harding Wasn't America's First Black President
Animal Rights Activist gets hit in the face by man wielding a duck. (Youtube link inside)
Texas agriculture chief won't apologize for Facebook post about bombing 'Muslim world'
Naked jogger from Saginaw meets Wisconsin cop, gets ticket
20-Year-Old Iowa Bro Drives Stoned, Invents the Arrest Selfie
Robbers with machete run when Pennsylvania store owner pulls out sword
This KKK Guy Tried to Build an X-Ray Weapon To Kill Muslims and Obama, Feds Say
No more student loans? Purdue University proposes selling shares of students' future income
New York man plotted to harm Muslims, Obama with X-ray device: prosecutor
Maharashtra: Cops Summon 'Parrot' to Police Station for 'Hurling Obscenities' at 85-Year-Old Woman
Teenagers who try E-cigarettes also try smoking, study finds
Desperate Duggars pitch TLC new show where they counsel sex abuse victims: report
Mexican Coach Advises Sailors to Avoid Water
Missouri Legislature Consider Intern Dress Code
Delightful Bike Rider Fails
Idaho replaces mile marker 420 with 419.9 to thwart stoners
Police: Drunk man has 10-year-old drive truck
Self-proclaimed 'Wizard' banned from zoo for enraging gorillas, gets shamed by another Wizard
Starbucks will start serving wine and beer in the evenings
George Zimmerman paints Confederate battle flag to raise money for 'Muslim-free' gun store
Alberta Man Fined for Displaying 'Fuck Harper' Sign on Car, Threatens Charter Defence
All Nippon Airways will fly Star Wars R2-D2 jet to Vancouver
Russia busts illegal cheese-making 'criminal gang'
Survey finds B.C. parents pay less for children's teeth
65-Year-Old Woman Gives Birth To Quadruplets
Tooth Fairy Index shows kids getting less money for loose teeth, Visa says
DWP admits inventing quotes from fake 'benefits claimants' for sanctions leaflet
Weed whacker fails to frighten tiger from abandoned Detroit factory
Yellow Pages billboard guilty of bibimbap blunder in Toronto
India remains the world's largest beef exporter
Police: Don't Bring Homemade Toilets To Jimmy Buffett Concerts, Then Leave'em For Others To Clean Up
Shirtless Wisconsin man with .233 BAC told police his name was 'F--- Y--'
Mansfield police fighting make-shift toilets at Xfinity Center
Sex Doesn't Sell After All, Study Says
Duggars Pitch New Reality Show Counseling Sex Abuse Victims
A national sex strike! Spain's 'high-class hookers refuse to sleep with bankers until they open up credit lines to cash-strapped families'
Kentucky high school students, parents fight dress code banning exposed collarbones
Spanish Sex Workers Strike Against Bankers
Wanted: Tech firm seeks programmers fluent in Klingon
'I am married to Jesus' Religion teacher, 38, marries God in wedding ceremony!
Man shot after accidental weapons discharge at Oktaha 'Muslim-free' survivalist store-gun range
Ninja-Clad Robbers Run When Store Owner Pulls Out Massive Sword
Duggars Pitch New Reality Show Counseling Young Victims Of Sexual Abuse
Russia sanctions: contraband cheese gang rounded up.
"Ninja Robbers" With Knife Chased Out Of Store By Cashier With Sword
NASA is helping save firefighters by turning them into burritos
Comedian exposes a Europe-wide pedophile-ring in con-troll of the country
Finally folks you can charge your phone with the help of a shoe!
Pat Robertson: Christians Forced To 'Bow Down' Before Gays Who Are Bent On Destroying Us
'Don't vote for Hillary,' Gloucester Twp. woman asks in obituary
"That's not a knife. This is a knife." -- Robbers with machete run when store cashier pulls out sword
How To Hire A Hacker - It's easier than you might think
Police looking for family after baby locked in hotel safe
Man Shoots Self While Guarding 'Muslim-Free' Oktaha Gun Store
How Much Sleep Do We Really Need?
Lukashenka Collects 70 Sacks Of Potatoes, Wears Hat
Eli Manning seeks to become NFL's highest-paid player with new deal
Weight Watchers Clinic Floor Collapses During Weigh-In
The most annoying people on Facebook!
Contraband cheese gang rounded up
States ration birth, marriage, death certificates after paper company suddenly closes
Jared Fogle the Subway Guy Pleads Guilty in Child Porn Case
Bellefontaine Mother Charged With Murder After Confessing To Killing 3 Sons
Lawmaker considering bill to eliminate AL Dept. of Education
Erol exposes a Europe-wide pedophile-ring who run the police-farce.
Woman breaks into home, drinks wine and takes a bath
Millionaire used children's gravestones to decorate £2.2million mansion which inspired All Things Bright And Beautiful
Consecrated virgin, 38, marries Jesus Christ in festive wedding ceremony.
Spokane man accused of videotaping himself having sex with animals
Yelp Wants You to Review the Government
Canadian comic artist stuck in rain-soaked skate bowl saved by Twitter
'Muslim-free' gun shop teams with George Zimmerman to sell Confederate flags
Cashier fights off sword-wielding robber with BIGGER sword
Texas secessionists launch petition drive to protect state from America's insane Lefist policies
Man tries to rob store with sword; finds clerk also has a sword
Baby removed uninjured from Niagara Falls hotel safe
Macon business replaces Confederate flag with Nazi flag
Indian police question parrot accused of cursing at elderly woman
Blind Man and His Armless Best Friend Have Planted Over 10,000 Trees in China
Gun charge dropped against man who can't use his arms
Mayor vows to act against women wearing body paint in Times Square
There's a Tampon You Can Share With Your BFF
Lady Gaga hits out at British company over 'Baby Gaga' breast milk ice cream
Sydney man stuck in washing machine for three hours
Man shoots accidentally shoots himself, while guarding "Muslim-free" gun store in Oklahoma.
Man Accidentally Shoots Self While Guarding 'Muslim-Free' Oktaha Gun Store
Former Subway spokesman Jared Fogle to plead guilty to child pornography charges
Former Subway Spokesman Jared Fogle To Plead Guilty To Child Porn Charges
Baby found locked in Niagara Falls hotel safe
600 police gunshots in 2014 bank robbery chase deemed excessive
NJ Woman Requests In Obituary: 'In Lieu Of Flowers, Do Not Vote For Hillary Clinton'
87-year-old arrested in undercover narcotics bust
WI-FI COMING TO MIAMI-DADE SCHOOL BUSES
Rafael Chacon puts cat in refrigerator after argument with wife, police say
THOUSANDS OF HUNGARY POLICE TO GUARD AGAINST MIGRANT INFLUX
Hillary Clinton Jokes About Wiping Email Server 'With A Cloth Or Something'
Milepost 420 changed to "419.9" in Idaho
Starbucks adding actual pumpkin to pumpkin spice latte
High School Cracks Down On Journalism Teacher For Teaching Journalism
Marco Rubio Nails Kid in Face with Football, Teaches Child Important Life Lesson
lol hentai game,Evelynn `s free time
Mayor deems troublesome Walmart branch a public nuisance
'Zorro' to Get Post-Apocalyptic Reboot Film
Iran's supreme leader is not happy about this McDonald's knockoff in Tehran
Missouri Lawmakers Wonder if Dress Code Would Keep Them From Sexually Harassing Interns
David Cameron spotted on easyJet flight eating paprika-flavoured Pringles
Children's Super Mario McDonald's Happy Meal toy 'looks like it's performing a sex act'
Jimmy Buffett Fans Get Crap From Police for Leaving Homemade Toilets at Concert
Man uses todder-size doll to slow speeding cars
Niagara Falls Cops Hunt Couple After Baby Locked in Hotel Safe
Fish and wildlife task force finishes early, waits for more information
Pee-repellent paint aims to halt public urination
Clerk Scares Machete Robbers with a Bigger Sword
This 2,000 trillion watt laser could re-create the Big Bang-and make clean energy
Woman marries Jesus to become one of world's few 'consecrated virgins'
Leaked talking points detail how to handle questions on cabinet leaks
Landowner charged over killing of Cecil the lion
Alabama Apologizes for Hot Sorority Video
Missing Lake Tahoe,Ca Paddleboarder Found Safe In Missouri
Alleged public masturbator arrested by Mumbai Police
Mother poisoned daughter with urine in jugular, court hears
Maldives Halal-Haram Committee researching Golden Churn Butter
Former Satanist: "I Performed Satanic Rituals Inside Abortion Clinics"
Firefighters rescue Australian man trapped in washing machine
Iggy Azalea revealed she had no choice but to leave her hometown of Mullumbimby, Northern Rivers region of New South Wales Australia, because people thought of her as a joke
Toilet filmer doesn't want to be filmed in court
Rescue crew saves man from washing machine
Greenpeace protester was surprised to find himself dangling off Portland bridge
Fast & Furious Tokyo Drift Nissan 350Z For Sale
Parents, students fight back after girl sent home for showing collarbone
Idaho replaces mile marker 420 with 419.9
Russian police catch criminal contraband cheese gang
Parrot 'arrested for swearing at 85-year-old woman' in India
David Cameron insists describing migrants as a 'swarm' wasn't 'dehumanising'
Tony Abbott Tells Ministers To Stop Leaking Stuff; Someone Immediately Leaks His No-Leaking Policy
"Our Great Delusion" - This is so deep.
Terrace, B.C., man misses flight after female security refuse to frisk him
Robbers With Machetes Chased Off By Clerk With Massive Sword
Breaking News - 'Teenager films Cameron eating Pringles on EasyJet'
Crimea Mayor Detained for Bribe After Week on Job
Marco Rubio prepares for Dolphins season by hitting a kid in the face with a pass
Parrot detained by Indian police after 'hurling obscenities' at 85-year-old woman
Weight Watchers floor collapses
McDonald's Mario toy fingered in wank prank
Cabinet functioning exceptionally well, says leaked Cabinet document.
Impossible for 4 people to rape someone together: Mulayam Singh Yadav
Manor owner fined £300k for using children's gravestones as patio decorations
Consecrated Virgin Jessica Hayes, 38, Marries Jesus!!
Beer and vodka thief claims 'I can't count'
Indiana woman becomes rare consecrated virgin
Cabinet functioning 'exceptionally well', says leaked document
Sunderland A.F.C's major sponsor, the betting company Dafabet make them heavy favourites to be relegated from English Premier League.
Sorry for the inconvenience: Lack of toilet facilities leads to 'poo protest' in Essex
Man installing skimmer on ATM recorded by ATM camera
Confused Man Says he Didn't Accuse Mario Toy of Wanking
Sunderland A.F.C's major sponsor, the betting agency Dafabet make them heavy favourites to be relegated from English Premier League.
Hamas naval commandos arrest dolphin who 'spied for Israel'
Sunderland A.F.C's major sponsor, the betting agency Dafabet make them heavy favourites to be relegated from the English Premier League
Authorities arrest drunk man who tried to dig up his father's grave because he wanted to have an argument with him
Lovesick koala chases farmer on bike
Police seek stuffed Arctic wolf taken from London flat
Police detain parrot for using cuss words against old woman in Maharashtra
Hillary Clinton's Email Firm Ran Servers Out of Bathroom
Baby freed from safe in Niagara Falls hotel, parents sought by police
ValueMyCV tells You what your salary should be
Russian Police Get Tough on Illicit Cheese
Parrot arrested in India for swearing at 85 year old
Hamas takes Mossad spy dolphin into custody
Whale interrupts BBC presenter's moan about fruitless whale search
A Man Cuts Himself In Half, But He's Actually A Magician
Times Square's Topless Women Should Be Regulated, Mayor Says
Hamas says to have captured Mossad dolphin off Gaza coast
Intoxicated Ky. man tried to dig up dad's grave
Funny animals | Top 10 Most Adorable Animals
NWA film 'Straight Outta Compton' not screening in Compton due to lack of cinema
Madame Tussauds takes action after 'inappropriate behaviour' around Nicki Minaj waxwork
Horrible bullfighter gored for the eighth time in just two years
Study: Violent Video Games Lead To Aggression [they're at it again.]
Bible Museum Recycles Celebrity Wax Figures - Starring Tom Cruise as Jesus
Prostitutes forced to swap miniskirts for high-vis jackets and trousers worn by road workers or face a £360 fine in a bid to improve highway safety in Italy
Kylie Jenner is being offered money to make a sex tape
Hamas arrests dolphin accused of being an Israeli spy
Sunderland FC sponsors Dafabet make Sunderland FC favourites for relegation
McDonald's gets discharged from the Cleveland Clinic
Desperate Duggars pitch TLC new show where they counsel sex abuse victims
Yosemite National Park campground to be closed while officials try to wipe out plague
Cashier Fights Off Sword-Wielding World-Be Robber With Bigger Sword
Trump says 14th Amendment is unconstitutional
Man rescued after being stuck in washing machine for three hours
Sydney man, 22, gets stuck in a top-loader washing machine for three hours - and comes out spotless from the waist down
Marijuana turned in to Murfreesboro Walmart Lost and Found
A Cat Is Running For Office In Montreal
Hamas claims to nab Israeli spy dolphin
Fogle to plead guilty to sex acts with minors, child porn
Wikileaks source Chelsea Manning convicted over magazines, toothpaste
Wild Turkey Sparks Hunt for Angry Bird at The University of Michigan
Subway's "Jared's Pants" kids' game is still live on their site and incredibly creepy now
Post-Apocalyptic Zorro Reboot is on the Way
Police: Intoxicated man tried to dig up dad to send him to heaven
Robbers with machete run when cashier pulls out larger sword
Playboy Playmate Denied Gun Permit by NYPD Because of "Sexy Pics on the Internet"
KKK wizard's secret tape played at man's death-ray trial
For Africa's hunted albino children, U.S. charity offers true hope
Jared Fogle reportedly had a business renting out porn tapes from his dorm room at Indiana University.
Yelp users to review U.S. government
NASA has been granted $200,000 a year for a project that recycles human poop into man-made food.
Hamas' navy capture Israeli 'spy' dolphin
Denver corpse flower: Early visitors disappointed by lack of stench
Nashville Cracks Down On Really Big Piles Of Mulch
Goonies house shut down after owner gets sick of people doing the Truffle Shuffle on the lawn
Study Finds Ninth-Graders Who Used E-Cigarettes More Likely to Smoke
Trump has momentum in NC, independent candidate Deez Nuts gaining
Whoops: Subway's 'Jared's Pants Dance' game still online
'Out of control' fish assault sends police to Dundas
Accusations Of Game-Throwing Rile Little League Softball World Series
Sighting of 'possible alligator' in El Cajon turns out to be just 'very large iguana'
Presidential candidate "Deez Nuts" is polling at 9% in NC
New poll shows Trump is still leading the GOP in NC, but surprise candidate 'Deez Nuts' is gaining momentum --> http://abc11.com/947054/
Fairbanks man takes forklift on drug, alcohol-fueled joyride
Double agent dolphin: Hamas catches 'Israeli spy' at sea
Stolen Papa John's Camero found on Detroit's Westside.
Declared independent candidate, Deez Nuts, polls at 9% in North Carolina to go along with his 8% in Minnesota and 7% in Iowa in recent polling.
Florida Man Mistakes Girlfriend for a Hog, Shoots Her
Poll shows Donald Trump leading GOP candidates in North Carolina, followed closely by 'Deez Nuts'
Man accidentally shoots himself at Oklahoma 'Muslim-free' gun range: 'The Clampetts have come to town'
Georgia business owner takes down Confederate flag - and replaces it with Nazi swastika
Not to be outdone by the Army, Navy says SEAL's to be open to women
Public Policy Polling revealed independent candidate Deez Nuts is polling at nine percent in N.C.
Candidate in NC GOP named "Deez Nuts" polling at 9% in latest results
Beheaded Syrian scholar refused to lead Isis to hidden Palmyra antiquities
Looking for a leader far far away: Darth Vader for PM?
High School Begins 'Random' Drug Testing of Students
TRUMP LEADS IN NC, SURPRISE CANDIDATE MAKES POLL
Donald Trump says 14th Amendment is unconstitutional
"Don't paint us as hillbillies": Man guarding "Muslim-free" gun range bends over, drops weapon, accidentally shoots self
Deez Nuts is running for president - and polling at 8 percent
MLB strikes out, bans Kansas City manager from using the Apple Watch it gave him
"Jared from Subway" may be headed to prison, but his infamous pants remain free in promos for a disturbing "Subway Kids" app
Donald Trump's Momentum Grows in North Carolina, But Surprise Candidate Deez Nuts Makes Poll
"Man guarding "Muslim-free" gun range bends over, drops weapon, accidentally shoots self."
Pennsylvania man protests $25 parking ticket with 2,500 pennies
Upstate Jurors May Get Chance to See Accused Klansman's Death-Ray Machine
Deez Nuts for president? He's at 9 percent in latest 2016 poll
Scientists are crediting the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge for breakthroughs in research
Indiana teacher marries Jesus Christ in elaborate wedding ceremony, becomes a consecrated virgin
Hamas' navy says it has captured Israeli dolphin spy, claim reports
Hamas Claims Captured Dolphin Is Israeli Spy
One Of The Leaders Of The Black Lives Matter Movement - Turns Out To Be A White Dude Pretending To Be Half Black
New York Lawyer Charged with Fraud Demands Trial by Combat
Trump's "Go-To" National Security Adviser Says He's Never Talked Policy With Trump
Trump questions the legality of the Constitution
Black Lives Matter's Shaun King Is Not Biracial
Man Protecting a Muslim-Free Gun Store in Oklahoma Accidentally Shoots Himself
Lives Put At Risk By Exploding Pavements
Man Creates Real Life Bass Cannon
Oklahoma man accidentally shoots himself while guarding gun store that banned Muslims: cops
Soldiers Take Armored Troop Carrier for Drunken Joyride in Siberia
Studies show that Marijuana can heal broken bones.
Hunt for Brooklyn couple after their baby was locked inside a Niagara Falls hotel room safe
News from The Associated Press
Watch a woman destroy a salon with a sledgehammer after bad haircut
Trump to O'Reilly: The 14th Amendment is unconstitutional (x-post /r/American_Politics)
Rhinoceros Party pledges to nationalize Tim Hortons
Hamas claims to have captured Israeli 'dolphin spy'
Donald Trump's first 100 days as president
Missouri Lawmakers Propose An Intern Dress Code To Stop Colleagues From Harassing Students
UN TO LET IRAN INSPECT ALLEGED NUKE WORK SITE
Ronald McDonald Statue Decapitated Outside Broadcast Museum
A Rape Advocate Is Targeting Canadian Women In an Online Harassment Campaign
Who's wearing a dark cloak, dropping raw meat on a North Carolina playground?
Promots for children's game 'Jared's Pants Dance' stayed up after Subway spokesman pleaded guilty to child porn
People Doing Inappropriate Things To Innocent Statues
Guard at 'Muslim-Free' Gun Range Accidentally Shoots Self
Statistics Could Do More For Your Sex Life Than 'Female Viagra'
Disney Dreams Dashed: The Real Life Up House Might Be Torn Down for Good
Trump to O'Reilly: The 14th Amendment is unconstitutional
TRUMP STILL LEADING GOP CANDIDATES; DEEZ NUTS MAKES POLL
The 'Up' house is for sale. Its future is in the air.
Man Trapped In Washing Machine Rescued
Mike Huckabee: MLK would be 'appalled' by Black Lives Matter movement
AP Exclusive: UN to let Iran inspect alleged nuke work site
Parrot arrested in India for 'swearing at 85-year-old woman'
Harper supporter's profane rant brings out all of the memes
New photographic display to celebrate the Queen's reign
Student who shouted 'let's rape some bitch' a suspect in sexual assault case
Combination Bar and Pawnshop Is Coming to Uptown Dallas This September
Promo for 'Jared's Pants Dance' kids game still live on Subway's site Wednesday
Man accidentally shoots himself while guarding 'Muslim-free' gun shop
Horse dies after being stabbed twice and 'sexually violated' in Aberdeenshire.
Israel just denied a woman asylum because she wasn't lesbian enough
Deez Nuts Polling at Nine Percent in North Carolina
Man who can't use his arms has gun possession charge dropped
Scholar is spending a year as David Bowie
Park Ranger Drives 12 Hours To Remove McDonald's Sign From Desert
Flint, Michigan: Giggles The Pig Runs For Mayor Against Two Convicted Felons
Manspreading arrest: I was groped by a man's legs on the train
Hamas: We captured Mossad dolphin off Gaza coast
Man guarding Oklahoma 'Muslim-free' gun range accidentally drops weapon and shoots himself
Savannah woman ticketed for eating eggroll while driving
The most American thing there is: eating alone
Prosecutor: Mom Says She Killed Young Sons to Help Daughter
Perry to Texas: Stop Being Insane
Fawad Khan's wife was okay with him kissing Sonam Kapoor!
Imran Khan bans Reham from politics!
A Girl Was Sent Home From High School For An Exposed Collarbone
Florida sinkhole reopens two years after it swallowed a sleeping man and killed him
Marathon halted because women started running after a handsome traffic cop!
TIL that Merchant Navy ships would play Britney Spears songs to fend off attacking Somali Pirates who hated western music so much that they would abort their attack.
Dolphin spy is jailbait! Hamas naval commandos suspect mammal of spying for Israel
NJ woman's obituary request: "In lieu of flowers, please do not vote for Hillary Clinton"
I Watched 14 Police Officers Take Down a One-Legged Homeless Black Man Outside Twitter HQ
Religious realtor says it's a hate crime that there are rainbow colored crosswalks supporting pride in Kelowna, BC
Black Lives Matter activist, Shaun King, might be white
Volunteer guard at 'Muslim-free' store shoots himself by accident
Trump leads in NC, surprise candidate makes the poll.
Man sues wife after seeing her without makeup after wedding
Ex-Subway Pitchman Jared Fogle To Plead Guilty To Paying For Sex With Minors
Woman's request in obituary: Don't vote for Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump still leading GOP candidates; Deez Nuts makes poll
Deez Nuts Challenges Donald Trump in New GOP Primary Poll
Madame Tussauds boost security to combat 'inappropriate' photos with Nicki Minaj wax figure
OMG!! Man Sues Bride After She Removes Makeup
Shutdownify is shutting down
Prosperity gospel preacher: People who don't understand why I need a jet don't understand God's word
Armed Okla. man guarding Muslim-free gun store accidentally shoots self
'Deez Nuts' rising in polls; at 9 percent in N.C.
Hamas 'arrests' Israeli spy dolphin
Infestation of Opossums Kills 17 Babies in Venezuelan Birth Ward
REPORT: HAMAS ARRESTS ISRAELI ZIONIST DOLPHIN SPY
Gay Musical "Hedwig" Closing On Broadway As Taye Diggs' Performance Slammed By Critics
Hamas Says Captured Israeli Spy: A Dolphin
Hamas captures dolphin that 'spied for Israel'
Man Accidentally Shoots Self While Guarding 'Muslim-Free' store
Guess Who's Gaining Ground on Donald Trump? Deez Nuts ... Seriously
Doctors Find 40-year-old Unborn Twin Growing Inside A Woman, Complete With Face And Hair
'Deez Nuts' polling at 9% among North Carolina voters
Chris Pratt Does NOT Spend "Lonely Nights" Surfing Internet, Despite Report
Ryanair apologises for forcing passenger to sit by vomit
Deez Nuts for president? Independent candidate has strong showing in polls
Paris Shooting Survivor Sues Media for Exposing His Hiding Spot.
Andy Murray in strange chin holding stare off
Family Values Activist Josh Duggar Had a Paid Ashley Madison Account
Ryanair passenger forced to sit next to vomit for entire flight
Detroit-area mayor seeks ban on personal flamethrowers
Israeli 'spy dolphin' caught off Gaza coast
Josh Duggar paid almost $1,000 for multiple Ashley Madison accounts in search of oral sex, one-night stands, sex toy experimentation and more'
IA Radio Host Jan Mickelson: Enslave Undocumented Immigrants Unless They Leave
Woman's unborn twin found inside her after 45 years
Hamas Says it Captured an Israeli Spy Dolphin
Doctors Discover Woman Has 40-Year-Old Unborn Twin Sister Inside Her
Presidential candidate named 'Deez Nuts' polling at 9% among North Carolina voters
Man arrested after smokers sprayed in face with air freshener
REVEALED: Josh Duggar 'paid almost $1,000 for multiple Ashley Madison accounts in search of oral sex, one-night stands, sex toy experimentation and more'
Josh Duggar of 19 Kids and Counting Paid Nearly $1,000 for Ashley Madison Accounts: Report
Josh Duggar Had A Paid Ashley Madison Account While The Head Of FRC Action: Report
Deez Nuts currently polling at 9% in North Carolina
Pittsburgh store owner with giant sword chases off machete-wielding robbers (VIDEO)
Josh Duggar had Ashley Madison account, report says
Josh Duggar of 19 Kids and Counting Paid Nearly $1,000 for Ashley Madison Accounts
A Man kidnaps His Nephew and Requests a Ransom of 2 million pounds
Russian Police Seize, Destroy $30M of Contraband Cheese & Cheese Accessories
PTA mom led secret life as wife of Mexican cartel operative, feds say
Breaking: Deez Nuts Polling at 8 Percent in North Carolina
Internet meme 'Deez Nuts' out-polls Walker, Fiorina, and Huckabee in North Carolina
Timaru man warned for picking up mates from pub
Man cited for providing false info after telling officers his name is F*** Y**
Deez Nuts - In It to Win It
No, I Did Not Crash My Lamborghini
Erie Daycare & Night Club Being Investigated
Roy Jones Jr. Asks Vladimir Putin for Russian Citizenship
Deez Nuts, a presidential candidate who doesn't exist, is currently polling at 9% in North Carolina
Presidential Candidate 'Deez Nuts' Polling High With Voters
Man accidentally shoots self while guarding 'Muslim free zone'
Man who poisoned youth football team oversees North Las Vegas water
Presidential candidate Deez Nuts is polling at 9% in North Carolina.
volunteer guarding Muslim free store accidentally shoots himself
Hamas Says It Has Captured An Israeli Spy Dolphin Off The Coast Of Gaza
Gaza Strip: Hamas capture Mossad spy dolphin says Israeli Army radio
Republican Candidate Deez Nuts Holding Onto A 9% Share Of North Carolina Voters
Convicted killer tells victims' families to 'get over it'
Ill-timed Subway game lets kids play with Jared Fogle's pants
Wonder Woman Officiates Her First Same-Sex Wedding, Averts Crimea Crisis
Fake pot has become a real crisis in Washington, D.C., attorney general says
Report: 95% Of Grandfathers Got Job By Walking Right Up And Just Asking
Subway released a game that lets kids play with Jared Fogle's pants
Police investigating discovery of human bones at Ardrossan Cemetery on Yorke Peninsula
Starbucks adds pumpkin to pumpkin spice latte
Presidential candidate 'Deez Nuts' actually a 15-year-old Iowan
Baby Rescued From Locked Safe in Niagara Falls Hotel Room
Woman's obituary request: Don't vote for Hillary Clinton
Chicago-area man who won $25 million wrongful conviction case arrested in shooting
CNN/ORC Poll: Trump now competitive in general election
Trump beware: political apprentice Deez Nuts is top-polling independent
Poll: North Carolina Voters Largely Unsure About Deez Nuts
LSD-induced car chase in Waukesha could have been worse - Police pursuit nets naked man, but avoids serious injury to other drivers
Police officer mistakenly fires weapon at another uniformed officer responding to the same call, misses.
LSD-induced car chase in Waukesha could have been worse
Scientists Create Vomiting Machine To Learn How Norovirus Spreads
Millionaire builds new patio using only the gravestones of children
Guy figures out a way to get free Starbucks every day of his life
'What's wrong with slavery?': Iowa radio host wants to turn immigrants into US 'property'
In India, students protest by cutting and trying to hang themselves after not being allowed to cheat in exams
Property tycoon who 'used children's gravestones to decorate mansion' ordered to pay £300,000 - or face jail
High speed police chase ends with 2 toddlers found in the back seat
Conservative Radio Host Jan Mickelson Asks "What's Wrong With Slavery?"
Presidential Candidate "Deez Nuts" Surges In Polls
Who Is Presidential Candidate Deez Nuts?
Meet the married couple who gives guys hands-on sex lessons
Not allowed to cheat, students inflict cuts on themselves in protest; one tries to hang
Walgreens To Open 11th Loop Location, Right Down The Street From 10 Others
Morning greeting causes supermarket worker to storm out
Underwater espionage? Hamas 'arrests' Israeli spy dolphin
Good Samaritan driver warned over 'illegal' rides
Reports claim Hamas has nabbed an Israeli spy dolphin
Lady Gaga Isn't So Gaga About This Breast Milk Ice Cream
Orlando drug church invites you to worship with them
Video: Ninja robbers pull out machete; clerk pulls out sword
Convicted killer tells victim's family to 'get over it' at parole hearing
Thai PM tells police investigating Bangkok bomb to watch Blue Bloods for insight and ideas
Blast has premier looking for answers - on TV
The (15-Year-Old) Man Behind Presidential Candidate "Deez Nuts" Speaks Out
New Jersey Woman Uses Her Obituary to Tell Mourners: Don't Vote for Hillary
Deez Nuts, surprise presidential candidate, is polling at 9 percent in N.C.
Man gets hand cut off by sword, punches attacker with stump
Body-hackers: the people who turn themselves into cyborgs
US mother admits to killing three sons in past 13 months
Horse dies after 'sexual assault'
Presidential candidate Deez Nuts does not exist
Reporter Asks Kid About First Day of School, Makes Him Cry
No ankle bracelet for Oscar Pistorius
Trump plans to stop remittances. "Mexico must pay for the wall and, until they do, the United States will, among other things: impound all remittance payments derived from illegal wages."
Woman finds out live on radio that her husband has an Ashley Madison account
Air conditioning in your office is sexist. True story (Actual article name and not satire)
Fat-infused water the latest health drink fad
All-ages Australian festival in big trouble for being loosest party ever
J Street U elects Muslim student as president
Hamas claims it has caught a dolphin spying for Israel.
Dante's Inferno to become Hollywood romantic drama
'Drunk man digs up his dead dad's grave - so he can argue with him'
Qld govt considers lowering age of anal sex consent to 16
California man seeks to legalize pet ferrets - even though they bite
Nasa is raiding museums for spare parts
Man guarding 'Muslim-free' Oklahoma gun store accidentally shoots self
$1B Nazi gold train claimed to be found in Poland
Hamas 'seizes Israeli spy dolphin' off Gaza
North Korea Exchanges Fire With South Korea Over Loudspeaker
Florida gun range will have restaurant that serves booze
Dharmendra converts to Islam!
Deez Nuts for president
Opossum germs 'kill 17 babies in Venezuela hospital'
Cleveland Clinic boots McDonalds from its food court
U.S. attorney: Jared Fogle used 'wealth, status and secrecy' to exploit children
Local beer maker creating 'Holy Wooder' for papal visit
Windsor's panhandlers and street performers unionize for 'rights everyone else has'
Leading anti-gay marriage campaigner's credit card used to pay for Ashley Madison account
Pakistan Court Bans the Release of 'Phantom' on 26/11 Mastermind Hafiz Saeed's Plea
Blogger accuses a key figure in the Black Lives Matter movement of misleading Oprah by pretending to be biracial
Maryland county councilman Kirby Delauter (of #kirbydelauter fame) loses ability to bid on county construction projects, sticks it to county students in social media tantrum.
New Document shows Black Lives Matter central figure is not biracial
Arlington Burglar Sneaks Through Doggie Door, Eats Popsicles
Salaam Swipe app offers 'halal' dating for Muslims
General Zod 'has flippers for hands' in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, says Michael Shannon
Japan's government can't afford to keep giving old people presents
Woman marries Jesus Christ, becomes consecrated virgin
To Work Toward Racial Justice We Need White Wounding
Police detain three men who planned Sex attack on trapped Bear
Priest admits sex with minor, says teen 'wanted' it
Trump immigration plan sensible, realistic
Armed 'Patriot' Guarding 'Muslim Free' Gun Store Accidentally Shoots Himself
Man Digs Up Dad's Grave To Argue With Corpse, Police Say
Donald Trump Says Ronda Rousey Likes Him But She Begs to Differ
Animal rights activist beaten with duck in Spain
Polls heating up in North Carolina with the up-and-coming hopeful candidate, Deez Nuts
Naked weightlifter leaves Norway's Got Talent judges blushing with his unique act
9-Year-Old Shot Dead in Ferguson While Sitting in Bed Doing Her Homework
Volunteer guard at 'Muslim Free' Oklahoma gun shop drops gun, accidentally shoots himself
Police seek man who threw pornographic paper airplane
Suspect Cites Trump As Inspiration In Boston Anti-Hispanic Hate Crime
Michele Backmann endorses Trump immigration vision
LeBron James tweets worth about $140K, digital advertisers say
Would-be robber threatens cashier with sword, cashier fights him off with bigger sword
Trump: 'I'm Gonna Have to Scare the Pope'
Canadian Maple Syrup 'Rebels' Clash With Law
Drought Implicated In Slow Death Of Trees In Southeastern Forests
Tuskegee Airman, 93, robbed and carjacked on same day
Pasco authorities say stabbing took place over $1.65 debt
Prostitute releases dick pics of local police officers
Jeb Bush: NSA needs broader powers to combat 'evildoers'
Ben Carson Wants to Use Drones on Illegal Immigrants (UPDATE: 'one drone strike, boom, and [they're] gone')
Deez Nuts has strong showing in the polls.
Poll Numbers Improving for 15-Year-Old Presidential Candidate 'Deez Nuts'
Liberal Poll includes 'Deez Nuts' with Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton
Man Tasered on easyJet flight after reports of luggage dispute
Shannen Doherty reveals she has breast cancer in lawsuit against ex-manager
Chelsea Manning found guilty for having expired toothpaste
Family Values Activist Josh Duggar reportedly had 2 Ashley Madison accounts
National Institutes of Health funds search for mysterious 'obesity gremlins' that are secretly making lesbians fat
The Burning Man site is infested with swarms of disgusting bugs
Man sues his wife over make-up
Prostitutes working in Italy told to wear hi vis vests so drivers can see them
Write-In Presidential Candidate Deez Nuts Polling Well in Three States
Parrot arrested for swearing
Shaun King, prominent Black Lives Matter activist, found guilty of being white.
Everybody's Humping The Nicki Minaj Wax Statue
Two Boston Men Assault Homeless Hispanic Man, Claim Donald Trump Inspired Them
Street prostitutes in Italy ordered to wear high-visibility vests so motorists can see them
John Oliver Exposes Televangelism, Then Forms His Own Tax-Exempt Church
Italian town makes sex workers wear hi-vis vests
Poll Numbers Improving for 15-Year-Old Presidential Candidate 'Deez Nuts' [Updated]
Carriage and horses, Godfather-style funeral for Rome boss
Retailer Bloomingdale's mistakenly issues gift cards worth $25,000 to customers
Subway removes 'Jared's Pants Dance' kids game from website
A Beating in Boston, Said to Be Inspired by Donald Trump's Immigrant Comments: "Mr. Trump told reporters that his supporters were 'passionate.'"
Starbucks apologises for telling woman she was 'not disabled enough' to use the toilet
Local Newspaper Birmingham Mail Live Blogs GCSE Results. Spells GCSE Wrong
U.N. side deal lets Iran lead its own nuclear inspections
Drug Trafficking Pigeon Busted in Costa Rica
Report: Hamas says Israelis used dolphin as spy
Giant Horny Mouse-Sized Spiders Set To Invade UK Homes
John Oliver forms church to take on televangelists
Man Digs Up Grave To Argue With Dead Father
Calais migrant crisis: Bizarre campaign to convince migrants Britain is RUBBISH so they shouldn't come
Delusional Bigot Guarding 'Muslim-Free Gun Range' Accidentally Shoots Himself
Kids seeing a gap in tooth fairy payouts
George Zimmerman Makes Confederate Flag Paintings and You Can Get Them at a 'Muslim-Free' Gun Store | VICE | United States
Subway finally removes the "Jared's Pants Dance" children's game from their website
Tooth fairy payout falls for second year in a row
Rosie O'Donnell's missing daughter found in attic of heroin dealer she met on Tinder
Giant Red Ball rolls through downtown Toledo
Santa Claus Office faces bankruptcy over back taxes
A 15-Year-Old Going by 'Deez Nuts' Is Doing Surprisingly Well in the Presidential Polls
15 year old kid registers as US presidential candidate under the name "Deez Nuts"
Deez Nuts for President: Candidate named after Dr Dre track becomes top-polling independent
David Sweat pleads not guilty to escape charges
Germans are so scared of surveillance they microwave their ID cards
Donald Trump says he'd use ISIS to 'scare the pope' into supporting capitalism
Lavaboom Encrypted Email Startup Declares Bankruptcy
New Jersey woman says receipt shows pizzeria fried her chicken wings 'hard like a black d*ck'
Black lives matter activist "accused" of bing white
The first foreign band to play in North Korea will be a Slovenian art-rock group
Japan can't afford gifts for citizens turning 100
Josh Duggar Admits to Cheating on His Wife Anna Duggar: "I Have Been the Biggest Hypocrite Ever"
Animal Rights Activist beaten with duck
Deez Nuts could give Donald Trump a run for his money in U.S. presidential race - Trending
Cuomo, de Blasio Both Think Topless Women in Times Square Need to Go
Florida shooting range gets green light to sell booze
You Can't Be Fit and Fat
Donald Trump thinks he's qualified to be president because he's good at golf
Ill-timed Subway game lets kids play with Jared Fogleâs pants | New York Post
Police 'arrest' parrot for obscenities, can't get it to talk
Man guarding 'Muslim-free' gun range accidentally shoots himself
Lightning Strikes 44 Soldiers and Instructors at Army Ranger School
Josh Duggar Admits to Cheating on his wife.
Millionaire used children's gravestones to decorate £2.2million mansion
Man fired from Family Dollar after stopping theft
Democrats demand Donald Trump's name be removed from Washington, D.C. hotel
Man Impersonated Woman For 8 Months To Work As Maid
1980s "Preppy Rapist" Now A Skydiving Instructor
Selfies could be linked to head lice
Toddler may have accidentally shot and killed his father, Alabama authorities say
Climate philanthropist George Soros invests millions in coal
Michael Shannon says Zod will have flipper hands in Batman V Superman
Michigan House votes to repeal laws against cursing in front of women, hosting walkathons
Shark attacks not linked to Mossad says Israel
Man Guarding 'Muslim-Free' Gun Range Accidentally Shoots Self
Greek PM quits and calls early poll
Raising A Ballerina Will Cost You $100,000 | FiveThirtyEight
Mexican president defends his ability to dress himself
Never heard of periscope, But the town I grew up in has police using it for traffic violations.
Axl Rose was once late to a concert because he was watching Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Hello, Pyongyang: Are. You. Ready. To. Rock.
Cop encountered a darkened figure at the base of the stairwell who he believed was holding a weapon. The cop fired one shot at the subject, a second uniformed officer who was responding to provide cover.
Presidential candidate Deez Nuts polling well in North Carolina
'Prisoner' Actress Who Played Molester Found Guilty of Child Molestation
Woman drops child while shoplifting at Walmart
Meet presidential candidate Deez Nuts
Baby locked in hotel safe was playing hide-and-seek: family
Ferguson 9-year-old girl shot dead doing homework on mom's bed
KKK member built death-ray machine to kill Muslims and Obama
Meijer being investigated in Wisconsin because their prices are too low, according to state law
Drunk Man Digs Up Father's Grave To Argue With His Corpse
Jealous man cuts off penis of wife's lover, flushes it
Drunk man tries to dig up dead father to argue with his corpse
Man Digs Up Dad's Grave To Argue With Corpse
World's first Blade-inspired blood party to open on Halloween in Amsterdam, set to spray real blood over ravers
Victims don't want water official who poisoned them to lose job
Couple eats 60-year-old wedding cake on anniversary
"A Woman Explains The Difference Between Cocky Asshole And Entitled Douche..." and how which one is the right way to act.
Not Loving It: Dad Shocked At McDonald's Toy That 'Imitates A Sex Act'
Boston Men Beat Immigrant in Trump's Name; Trump Responds that His Followers are "Very Passionate."
Banksy Spoofs Disney with 'Dismaland' Theme Park
Vegas Water Manager Reassigned For Poisoning Children's Drinks 15 Years Ago
What Our Thick-Brow Obsession Has to Do With Feminism - and Science
Judge doesn't exactly throw the book at litterer, who gets 30 hours of service, must pay $1,725
Iowa Radio Host Jan Mickelson Says Undocumented Immigrants Should Become Slaves
Google ordered to remove links to stories about 'right to be forgotten' request
Panhandlers join labour Union. Name themselves "SLOW".
Iowa Radio Host Stands By Plan To Enslave Undocumented Immigrants If They Don't Leave
Iowa Radio Host Jan Mickelson Is Okay With Bringing Back Slavery
Masturbation - is it a sin according to the Bible?
Jan Mickelson: Illegal immigrants who won't leave could be 'indentured for service'
'Deez Nuts' And 'Sydneys Voluptuous Buttocks' Are Running For President, Because Why Not
Millville waitress fired after telling off customers who left dog in car
A Tampon That You Can Share With Your BFF Has Been Created. Yes, Really.
Baby ended up locked in hotel room safe when hide-and-seek game went awry, parents tell police
Russian men 'planned sex attack on bear'
Wolf Bites a 75-Year-Old Farmer in Golan Heights
Thai PM says police investigating bombing should get tips from TV series Blue Bloods
World Will Not End Next Month, NASA Says
Led Tube Lights - ReneSola - Green Energy Products
Deez Nuts polling at 9% in North Carolina
Deez Nuts for President? Why Not, Says Iowa Farm Boy
Hamas says Israelis used dolphin as spy
McDonald's Apologizes for Ripping Off Viral Photos of a Man Getting Engaged to a Burrito
Fox News Hosts Lament How Hard It Is To Be White
New Zealand conservationists apologise over accidental shooting of endangered takahē
Police release composite sketch of Uptown armed robbery suspect
Children handed pocket money pay rise worth 450%
People Think Food Labelled "Organic" Tastes Better-Even If The Label Is Fake
Texans' Ben Jones on drinking his own urine: "Whatever makes the team better"
Man digs up dead father so he can argue with him
Jeb Hugs the Wrong George
Man digs up dead father so he can argue with corpse
Officials: Man ran onto Denver airport ramp to stop plane
Age of consent for anal sex: Queensland to consider joining rest of Australia
TIME TO START THINKING ABOUT BREAKING OUT THE HOOVED LEGGINGS FOR THE PAGAN HOLIDAYS
Fart Gun confiscated at Dublin Airport for posing security 'threat'
Police Locate Family Of Baby Found Locked In Hotel Safe In Niagara Falls
Lightning damages Cloud storage at Google
Angry cat 'Cuppy' holds woman, daughter hostage in bedroom: cops
Nation TV apologises for re-enactment of Bangkok blast
Animal rights activist gets beaten with live duck
'Ghost' Train Loaded with Gold found but 2 men are seeking 10 percent of the Gold in exchange for revealing its location
US Elections 2016: Fake candidate Deez Nuts polling well in Clinton-Trump match-up
Two Artists Took An Old Farmhouse And Turned It Into The Most Colorful House In NY.
ISIS militants who contracted HIV from captured sex slaves forced to become suicide bombers
Hollywood-style funeral for purported mobster outrages Rome
Disgust in Rome at Mafia Don's Glamour Funeral Complete with Godfather Music
A Pakistani Terrorist Got a Bollywood Film Banned for Showing Him in a Bad Light
Tourists baffled by new rail line from Helsinki; stunned to find airport not in capital
Woman who was denied U.K. visa over unaffectionate marriage returning to Canada
GOP official: I used Ashley Madison for 'opposition research'
End of Lease House Cleaning Melbourne
Woman Flashes Judge in Broward Bond Court
CEO Says Coca-Cola Will Now Tell You If It Funds Fake Studies
New Zealand accidentally shoots dead 20 per cent of critically endangered Takahe birds
This Meme Reveals the Stark Difference Between Bernie and Hillary
British village mourns lost broadband with roadside flowers and commemorative notes
Should Parents Kiss Their Children On The Lips - Or Is It "Too Sexual"?
Mafia don receives a Godfather-style funeral in midst Rome - complete with a band playing the movie score
Love knows no bounds: Ayyan Ali invited as guest of honour at Karachi University!
A court is deciding whether it costs $10 million to use Michael Jordan's name in vain
Ex-Pm Yousaf Raza Gilani's wife lost six million rupees, gambling in a London Casino!
Donald Trump Demands $10 Million to Charities to Appear at CNN Debate
Skydiver died from impact with ground, autopsy finds
Coffee Time employee lay dead behind counter for 5 days
Fake presidential candidate Deez Nuts polls 9 per cent in Clinton-Trump match-up
NYC Police: Subway Rider Bites Passenger Over Seat Request
Indonesia sinks 34 of its neighbors' boats to celebrate Independence Day, and Vietnam isn't happy
Drunk Man Digs Up Dead Father So He Can Argue With Him
'Stop the Violence' rally interrupted by another shooting
Jonathan Franzen 'considered adopting Iraqi orphan to figure out young people'
Maggie Kirkpatrick avoids jail time for child abuse
Woman beats animal rights activist with a duck
Topless in Times Square: A Legal View
We used to count black Americans as 3/5 of a person. Now, give them 5/3 of a vote. - "A cash payout will never work. Here's a better way to fight the enduring damage of slavery."
Horse dies after 'sexual assault' near New Pitsligo
Welcome to Dismaland: Banksy's new grotesque art theme park
Akshay Kumar launches Singh is Bling trailer!
We used to count black Americans as 3/5 of a person. Now, give them 5/3 of a vote.
How people of Hunza remain slim smart and healthy throughout their lives'!
Japan has so many super old people that it can't afford to give them special sake cups anymore
You Can't Do Squat About Spotify's Eerie New Privacy Policy
Fort Frances-area Gingrich Woodcraft cites faith for closure after workers vote to join union
Google ordered to remove links to stories about Google removing links to stories
Sometimes the Answer Is to Build a Vomit Machine
The Success of Deez Nuts Shows Why You Shouldn't Trust Election Polls
Man draws dozens of penises in Ikea, with Ikea pencil
Transgender Student Appeals To Strangers To Help Her Pay For Gender Surgery
New Jersey Zombie Walk put to rest
'Donald Trump was right,' says suspect in Boston beating of Hispanic homeless man
Prosecutor drops gun charge for N.J. man with no use of arms
Woman bites rider who asks to move bag from seat in New York subway
Transgender student launches crowdfunding bid for surgery to become a woman
'Jeremy Corbyn's plan to turn Britain into Zimbabwe'
The success of Deez Nuts shows why you shouldn't trust US election polls
Anti-LGBT lobbyist whines that Josh Duggar scandal has tarnished 'family values' movement
Kasich identifies a new target: teachers' lounges
Subway scraps Jared Fogle's 'Pants Dance' kids game
San Jose high school issues student body card to campus cat
Man caught masturbating near park full of children, claims he was fantasizing about his girlfriend.
The Tattoo So Bad That Wife Kicked Her Husband Out & Banned Him From Taking Their Daughter Swimming
Norwegian company live streaming 11 months of caviar aging
Yepi 12, Yepi12, Yepi - Play Urban Influence: High Speed Chase Free
Defense lawyer skips hearing so wife in labor won't kill him
Ex-NFL Cheerleader Molly Shattuck Sentenced With 48 weekends of Jail Time, Fine for Rape
Kids play with what parents thought was a buoy, turns out it was a bomb
Bobby Jindal Plays Planned Parenthood Videos on Massive Screen Outside Governors Mansion
Accused of Plotting to Kill Muslims with 'Death Ray,' Galway Man's Trial Coming to an End
EXCLUSIVE: Deez Nuts gets endorsement from Rent is Too Damn High Party's Jimmy McMillan, who says he will seek GOP nomination
Bobby Jindal To Screen Graphic Planned Parenthood Videos On His Lawn
Malaysian Student Wins Dallas Microsoft PowerPoint Championship
North Korea Ready to Go to War Over Aggressive Leaflet-Scattering
Police: Man Survives SUV Crash, Hit by Train Moments Later
Asteroid will not destroy Earth next month: NASA - Yahoo News
New Windsor union includes city's panhandlers and buskers
Only one candidate has been able to match Donald Trump's online interest: Deez Nuts
Couple Eats Original Wedding Cake to Celebrate Each of 60 Years Together
Black Lives Matter activist Shaun King: I'm black
Presidential candidate 'Deez Nuts' gets more attention compared to Donald Trump than any other Republican candidate
"What's wrong with slavery?" Talk show host Jan Mickelson shares his preferred strategy of dealing with illegal immigrants
Canadian teen helps save kidnapped women with the help of Tim Hortons
A&P notifies 3,781 N.J. workers of layoffs effective Thanksgiving Day
Girl Finally Pops Enormous 6-Year-Old Pimple On Her Ear
Syrian man walks into his own Funeral two days after bombing
Deez Nuts Polls 9 Percent in Clinton-Trump Match-Up.
Woman bites, scratches subway rider who asked her to move her bag: NYPD
NASA: Rumors Of Impending Doom Are Greatly Exaggerated
Canadian woman denied visa on grounds of unaffectionate marriage must leave sick husband in the U.K.
Cops Arrest Florida Man For Sauerkraut Battery On Girlfriend
Poll: Lincoln Chafee Has No Supporters
Only assholes question the identity of others
World's first Blood Rave will spray gallons of blood on partiers this Halloween
Man Fatally Shot While Teaching Girlfriend To Shoot Rifle
Jury weighs fate of New York man in 'death ray' case targeting Muslims
Rent is Too Damn High's Jimmy McMillan endorses Deez Nuts
Scientists who found gluten sensitivity evidence have now shown it doesn't exist
In China, Women Hired To Motivate Computer Programmers
There's no stopping Deez Nuts
Sen. Claire McCaskill on Scott Brown: 'He will do anything to show his body'
St. Casimir priest strolls naked through school building
World Will Not End Next Month, Nasa Says | NYTimes.com
Alabama town's youth football teams, cheerleaders raffling AR-15 rifle
Fish makes break for freedom
Drunk guy digs up father's grave to argue with him
Plymouth library flasher says he is 'researching the UN'
Ireland Refuses to Extradite Man to US Because Prison System is Too Inhumane
Zurich cops won't report on criminals' ethnicity / Zurich communal authorities have instructed city police to stop releasing the nationality of criminals to the media to avoid stigmatization.
Nickelodeon show profiles dying children
Police: Florida Man Stabbed Another Man Over $1.65
PORTERVILLE BOY TOLD HE CAN'T WEAR A ROSARY AT SCHOOL
UCF Frat That Chanted 'Let's Rape Some B*****s' Did Not Break Rules, School Says
Hamas 'seizes Israeli spy dolphin' off the coast of Gaza which was "stripped of its will" and turned into "a murderer" by Israel
Toxic Players Receive Meaningful Punishment, League Community Outraged
Jindal trolls protesters with undercover Planned Parenthood videos
British Family Photographs Kids With 'Beach Buoy' That Was Actually a Bomb
Social network learns your personality so it can post as you when you're dead
Molly Shattuck, Ex-NFL Cheerleader, Sentenced to 48 Weekends in Jail for Rape
5 reasons why Sidharth Malhotra is the New King of Bollywood!
CEO of cheating website says faithful to wife despite running affair dating service
CEO of cheating website said to be devoted husband
Man "sunbathing in middle of road" closes M27
Man tries to steal a PlayStation 4 by hiding it in his pants
Family of bears play in backyard pool, make little girl cry
Hasidic Group To Charge Adherents $40 Each To Immerse In Mikva Water Used To Immerse Dead Rebbe's Body
Deez Nuts Is Polling at 9% in North Carolina
USDA: Don't call raisins 'midgets'
Girl Gets Vaginally Searched By Roadside Because Cops Smell Weed
Nestle Pays Only $524 to Extract 27,000,000 Gallons of California Drinking Water
Creator Of The 'Rent Is Too Damn High' Party Endorses Candidate Deez Nuts
Warren G Endorses Deez Nuts for President
Two 13 y.o. Girls attempt homicide to please Slender Man
Russians bankrupt Santa Claus
Algerian Man Sues Wife After Seeing Her Makeup Free Face For The First Time Day After Wedding
Why DIY Braces Are a Bad, Bad Idea
Frontier Airlines offers 'Deez Nuts' ticket promotion
Women to parade topless on Saturday
Women to parade topless through New York on Saturday
White supremacist convicted in plot to kill Obama with 'death ray' device
Army vet walks 1500 miles from Texas to DC for VA care
I'm proud of my son, Deez Nuts
Christian youtube star who surprised wife with pregnancy news allegedly had a paid Ashley Madison account
Laborer Dies in Trench Collapse and Lives to Tell the Tale
This Remarkable Dog Walked 430 Miles Through A Dangerous Jungle And Became A Swedish Celebrity.
Google Says More People Are Interested in Deez Nuts Than Hillary Clinton | Re/code
Deez Nuts Will Have to Pull Out of Presidential Race
Google Says More People Are Interested in Deez Nuts Than Hillary Clinton
Over 40% of Americans think humans and dinosaurs coexisted
Voters Who Favor Border Wall Cannot Identify Border on Map
Jeb Bush Super PAC Sends Mailer To 86,000 Iowans With Jeb's Head Photoshopped Onto A Black Body
Former UofL Player Who Suffered Gruesome Leg-Break Say Stubbing Toe "Worst Pain Ever"
Google ordered to remove 'right to be forgotten' stories after 'right to be forgotten' ruling
The Ashley Madison hack ruined my life
New Study Finds That Humans Should Kill Smaller, Younger Animals
Three-year-old boy becomes mayor of small town in Minnesota
R2R USA on Twitter: IOWA: Check your mailboxes today. Jeb Bush Super PAC Sends Mailer To 86,000 Iowans With Jeb's Head Photoshopped Onto A Black Body
Man at 'Muslim-free' gun range accidentally shoots himself
School explosion caused by employee testing for gas with a match
Louise Mensch takes swipe at Corbyn campaign - and hits herself Former Tory MP claims searches paint damning picture of Labour leadership candidate's supporters - but they turn out to be from her own search history
NY Man Convicted in Plot to Target Muslims With X-Ray Weapon
Louise Mensch takes swipe at Corbyn campaign - and hits herself
Man robbed of sneakers, Porsche in latest Tremont carjacking
Texas woman's body stolen from inside her coffin after her funeral...and funeral owner name: Dick Tips
Donald Trump says he would scare Pope Francis over capitalism views: 'ISIS wants to get you'
Mayor Has No Plans to Change Course on Hookah Bar Crackdown
World's First Blood Rave Will Spray Gallons Of Blood On Party-Goers
Bill O'Reilly warns GOP that Donald Trump will turn them into the party of "racist brutalizers"
Conflict in the Middle East improves air quality...
Former 'Playboy' playmate deported
McDonald's Mighty Wings Return; Only in Detriot
Report: Dad gives son Ferrari, son torches it to get better Ferrari.
Canadian teen helps rescue kidnapped woman by taking her and her abductor to Tim Horton's
ISIS AIDS-bombs: Plans to send 16 HIV-positive fighters on suicide missions
Woman Hits Animal Activist with a Live Duck
16 trains run over man, as cops fight over turf
Maintain 'Sexual Purity' After Divorce To Get Alimony From Ex-Husband, Court Rules
Trump Attacks Pope Francis Over Anti-Capitalism: Say He Will Scare Pope with ISIS
Malaysian Prime Minister's aide calls for Facebook to be banned, on Facebook
NY lawmaker to introduce Bill banning Male Toplessness amid Times Square Controversy
NYC mayor Bill de Blasio vows to crack down on topless women hassling Times Square tourists
Jackson, Mississippi Mayor Tony Yarber Says City Can 'Pray Potholes Away'
Wealthy property investor handed £8,000 bill for parking fraud
Middle East conflict drastically 'improves air quality'
Two Moroccan women destroy tens of Isis militants with HIV disease
Bridgewater man accused of driving ride-on lawnmower while drunk - Nova Scotia
Jackson, Mississippi Mayor Tony Yarber Says City Can 'Pray Potholes Away' Read more at: http://www.forwardprogressives.com/jackson-mississippi-mayor-tony-yarber-says-city-can-pray-potholes-away/
Dog Attack Victim Accidentally Tased, Shot By Police Officer.
Erol exposes pedophiles run our police farce
Inspirational 10-Year-Old Raises Â£50,000 For Children's Charity By Busking With Violin
Former NFL cheerleader sentenced to probation for rape
Andy Carroll suffers new injury blow by rolling his ankle putting on his shoes
Woman sues after police horse bit her finger off as she tried to pet it
Woman sues after New York police horse bites finger.
Louise Mensch takes Twitter swipe at Corbyn campaign - and hits herself
French couple 'having sex' on a castle die after plunging 40ft into moat.
Woman dead at 30 suffered from 'absent teeth' after drinking 8-10L of Coca Cola daily
Caged Bunnies Placed at Tianjin Explosion Site to Reassure Public as New Fires Erupt
French 'having sex' on a castle die after plunging 40ft into moat
Woman calls 911 over bad Chinese food
Some Rich Guy Used Children's Gravestones to Decorate His Mansion
Former Ravens cheerleader sentenced to 48 weekends in jail
Man who penis ripped off as a child has 8 inch bionic replacement
Contrary to Super PAC mailer, Jeb Bush doesn't have one black hand
AZ School District Putting Anti-Abortion Stickers In Science Textbooks
Donald Trump blasts Nabisco for moving Oreos to Mexico: 'I'll never eat them again'
Anti-gay Christian youtuber caught on Ashley Madison uploads video saying he has been forgiven and has been "completely cleansed of this sin".
Jeb Bush's Super PAC Has a Bad Photoshop Moment
Hunter Aircraft Crashes into a road at UK Airshow
Donald Trump cited as inspiration by suspect in Mexican homeless man's beating
Jackson Mayor Tony Yarber: We can pray potholes away
No, Michele Bachmann did not say there are no 'illegal Mexicans in China' thanks to the Great Wall
Dog Bite Victim Still Hospitalized
Pyongyang Means What It Says
The economics of anal sex
Halfords 'We Fit' lorry gets stuck
Gap Promises It'll Sell Clothes You Actually Want To Wear By Next Spring
Suge Knight sues Dr Dre and Ice Cube for defamtion, making him appear 'too soft' in "Straight Outta Compton" movie
Adiala jail police mourns the release of Ayyan Ali!
Caged bunnies placed at Tianjin blast site to prove everything is just fine
Amitabh Bachchan ranked as the most stylish star of Bollywood!
Trump Fans Accused Of Attacking Homeless Mexican Man In Boston
Rob Ford says brother Doug would run [to lead the Conservative Party of Canada] if Prime Minister Stephen Harper resigns
New Tokyo restaurant promises food that tastes like crap: actual poo-flavored curry
Tokyo-based restaurant sells feces-flavored curry
'We fit' lorry becomes stuck under bridge in south east London
Bernie Sanders endorsed by Deez Nuts
Man threw antlers at woman: police
Man spending weekends in jail for eluding police arrested again after police pursuit
Donald Trump would scare the Pope over his views of capitalism. "ISIS wants to get you".
This Woman Ran A Marathon While On Her Period And Refused To Be Shamed
Deez Nuts endorses Sanders in Dem primary
Man cited for providing false info after telling officers his name is Fuck You
Fourth grade math homework references alcohol, food stamps
Plymouth church organist: 'I can see face of Jesus in my cocktail cabinet'
Potter's Ron Weasley's year to remain measly (this made the front page of Yahoo...)
Doug Ford would consider running to replace Stephen Harper at the Conservative helm
Chinese tech companies are motivating programmers by hiring cheerleaders
Ted Cruz Criticizes Jimmy Carter a Day After His Cancer Admission
Bishop banned from petrol station
Syrian man walks into his own funeral
London, Ont., jail wrongfully releases U.S. cocaine trafficker suspected of operating bestiality farm
The Westboro Baptist Church Got Trolled By The Foo Fighters
Bearded Man Eats 'Record' 17 Big Macs In An Hour
Bubba the cat finally recognised as a student of San Jose's Leland High School
Sober living facility manager arrested for 10th dui
God's choice - Ted Cruz!
Missouri Woman Sues Restaurant Known as 'Home of Throwed Rolls' for Being Hit by a Roll
Rapper Wiz Khalifa Arrested At LAX For Refusing To Give Up His Hoverboard
Torrent Trackers Ban Windows 10 Over Privacy Concerns
Haj pilgrims advised against carrying Viagra, sexual oils, porn material
Wiz Khalifa arrested at airport for refusing to hand over his hover board.
At Iowa state fair Cruz mocks Jimmy Carter the day after Carter announces brain cancer
Shoots Armadillo; Bullet Ricochets Back Up - Gets Him In The Face
Texas Man Shoots Armadillo; Bullet Ricochets Back Up - Gets Him In The Face
Sam Rader 'clarifies' Ashley Madison account: 'I've been completely cleansed of this sin'
Airline Offers Half-Off Prices With the Code, "Deez Nuts"
Josh Duggar's wife Anna 'blames herself' for him using Ashley Madison site
Wiz Khalifa Arrested at L.A. Airport For Riding Hoverboard
Police spend eight hours investigating 'most grisly murder in 35 years'... only to discover blood-spattered scene is a horror movie set
Police Mistake Horror Movie Set for Real Crime Scene, Begin Investigating
'Deez Nuts' endorses Sanders for Democratic bid
Sisters Seeking Men Who Will "Compete To Breed " With Them
Wiz Khalifa Reportedly Arrested at Los Angeles International Airport for Riding Hoverboard
India-Pakistan peace talks collapse hours before start
"Pregnant Meteorologist's Response to Being Called a 'Sausage In Casing' " OP question: what is a "Sausage In Casing"?
Shahrukh Khan's son Aryan shows off his abs on the beach!
Crazy fan steals Jennifer Aniston's underwear!
Upstate New York Man Convicted for His Role in Attempting to Acquire a Lethal Radiation Device [to use against Muslims]
Wiz Khalifa handcuffed for using hoverboard at airport
Two Female Teachers Busted On A Threesome With A 16-Year-Old Male Student: Prosecutors Still Cannot Make Up Their Minds Whether They Will Face Charges
Wiz Khalifa shares airport arrest video after he 'refused to get off hoverboard'
Swiss army ends 31-day cow rescue mission
RAPPER WIZ KHALIFA VIOLENTLY ARRESTED BY COPS AT LAX FOR USING A HOVERBOARD
Akshay Kumar's wife was the only women Karan Johar ever fell in love with!
Shameful Operating Room Moments: Medical Journal On Calling Out 'Dirtball' Doctors | CommonHealth
Man dies after having sex
Tennessee Republican Wants Taco Bell Shut Down For 'Being Too Mexican'
Ayoub El-Khazzani, Thalys train shooter, is extremely surprise by all the fuss. He claims he found his weapons in a park in Brussels and that he wanted to rob the passengers.
Ayoub El-Khazzani, the Thalys shooter subdued by passengers, claims he's surprised by all the fuss. He says he found his weapons in a park in Brussels and that he planned to rob the train.
Tom Cruise starts dating his Mission Impossible 5 on set assistant Emily Thomas!
Subway just removed a 'Jared's Pants Dance' game for kids from its website
Hài Hoài Linh Chí Tài ✘ Hài Đệ Tử Chân Truyền 【 Thúy Nga - Bằng Kiều - H...
Police: Body stolen from casket at Texas funeral home
Dick Tips has a theory
The 'Joys' Of Blowhole Sex
Is your star sign to blame for your penalty points
A New Jeresy woman was outraged and took to her Facebook account after she recieved a recipet from a pizzeria saying "Like A Black Co*k"
Planned Parenthood Worse than Aztecs: It's Still Child Sacrifice Even Behind Clinic Walls
Man Dies After Being Run Over By WWII-Era Tank in California
Florida shooting range to serve alcohol in restaurant.
Ashley Madison Hack: Islamic preacher Hamza Tzortzis 'found' on leaked list
Body stolen from SA funeral home
France train gunman Ayoub El-Khazzani 'dumbfounded' at terror allegations and claims he found AK-47 'by chance' in a park
Ice Bucket Challenge helped make ALS breakthrough possible, researchers say
Train gunman wanted to rob people with his AK-47
Burglar Finds Kiddie Porn While Robbing a House; Calls Cops on Soccer Coach
Where did all the hot firemen go?
My partner 'was killed by a barbecue'
Christian pastor lashes out at 'false reverend' John Oliver for mocking predatory televangelists
Couple Facebook Banned for Last Name
Jihadist Video Shows Little Boy Beheading His Cute and Cuddly Teddy Bear
Despite Child Porn Scandal, Subway Lets Children Play with Jared's Pants
Ben Carson: 'In No Way Did I Suggest Using Drones To Kill People' Along The Border
Guys, Stop Humping The Nicki Minaj Wax Figure
Toledo: A Giant Red Ball Got Loose and Started Rolling Through Ohio City
County clerk banned from courthouse by judges.
Store clerk foils robbery with bear spray and spanking
Cuteness Bomb: Suspicious package confirmed to be box of bunnies
Train gunman 'dumbfounded' by terrorist tag, says was hungry: lawyer
The GOP Shitkicker Battlecry: If You're Really Serious -- by Ted Nugent
What Pet Should I Get? by Dr Seuss, review: 'genius on every page'
ISIS Offers Reward for Killing Al Qaeda Leader
Trump: North Korean leader Kim is either 'mad' or 'a genius'
My Clean Master app says Tony Blair may have been an Ashley Madison customer.
Italy anger at 'Godfather' funeral for alleged Rome mafia boss
Bakers who were fined $135,000 for gay wedding cake refusal deliver cakes to gay rights groups saying "We really do love you!" along with a copy of "Audacity" (the Ray Comfort movie about homosexuality)
Dutch woman of 44 didn't know she was pregnant and unexpectedly gave birth on the toilet (no articles in English yet, translation in comment)
Diocese: Pastor Steps Down After Being Found Naked In School.
Frozen Game - Frozen Elsa Pet Care Baby Videos Games for kids
Home / News / 'Deez Nuts' polling at 9% among North Carolina voters 'Deez Nuts' polling at 9% among North Carolina voters
Wiz Khalifa Arrested For Riding Hoverboard At Los Angeles Airport
Donald Trump to Iowa boy "I am Batman"
Wiz Khalifa Arrested For Riding Hovercraft At LAX
RedBall Project rolls down Toledo street
Super-PAC Gives Jeb Bush a Black Hand in Recent Mailer
And every white women must fuck at least 1 African American by the age of 20
As talks continue, N. Korean media calls President Park 'confrontational maniac'
Boston Police arrest 2 men Shotgun, AR15 at Pokemon Championship
Wiz Khalifa Allegedly Arrested For Riding Hovercraft At LAX
Wiz Khalifa Arrested For Taking 'Stand For Our Generation' and Riding a Hoverboard
For Africa's hunted albino children, new limbs and new hope
Trans charity label: drag hospice fun run a 'hate crime'
A bionic penis for the man who had his real one ripped off as a child
Band who mutilate themselves with cheese graters say 'get the stick out your a*se' after Scots gig is cancelled
Wiz Khalifa BUSTED AT LAX For Riding Hoverboard
North Carolina man seeks out help from a KKK Wizard to build a Mobile Death-Ray Machine to kill Muslims, Wizard turns out to be an FBI informant.
BPD stops violent plot at during Pokemon Championship at Hynes Convention Center
New Zealand passes law making it punishable by fine or jail time for "causing emotional distress" on the Internet
UK orders Google to kill links to "right to be forgotten" stories
Wiz Khalifa Arrested for Refusing to Get Off Hoverboard
Rapper Wiz Khalifa handcuffed after riding hoverboard at L.A. airport
Woman goes blind after drinking too much Red Bull
Boston Police foil potential massacre at Pokémon World Championship.
2 Iowans held on gun charges after threats to Pokemon convention
Satan worshipers drown women with milk in Planned Parenthood counter-protest
Potato chip argument leads to man stabbed in neck, Portland police say
Hey Guys! Control a Twitter and Facebook account we created!
Two Arrested in Alleged Pokemon Championship Threat
Police: Man stabbed in neck over stolen potato chip accusation
Wiz Khalifa Handcuffed in Airport for Riding Hoverboard
Rapper Wiz Khalifa forced to ground by officers in reported hoverboard incident
Walker appears to take third stance in seven days on birthright citizenship issue
Sepp Blatter: 'I did not resign ... I'm not ready for the museum or a waxwork'
Boston Police Foil Potential Massacre at Pokemon World Championship
U.K. Orders Google To Forget 9 News Articles About The "Right To Be Forgotten"
Boston police stop potential massacre at the Pokémon World Championships
Klansman Convicted Over Plot to Use "Death X-Ray" on Mosques
Homosexuality Is Unnatural, Claims Nigerian Student Who Uses Magnets To Prove Gay Marriage Is Wrong
Pokemon World Championships: Men arrested after alleged social media threats; assault rifle found in car.
Fox and NBC both announce bourbon-based dramas, might just be thirsty
Two Armed Men Arrested After Allegedly Threatening Pokemon Event
Police arrest two heavily armed men who threatened Pokemon event
Pokemon word championships: gamers arrested after firearms found in car
Boston Police Arrest Two Men After Pokémon Championship Threat
Donald Trump Has No Idea How To Fix Immigration, So He'll Hire 'Great People' Who Know How
Minneapolis Cops Suspend Prostitution Stings After Being Caught Having Sex With Prostitutes
Tokyo-based restaurant sells feces-flavored curry. Would someone need to know to know what that tastes like to make the taste right?
Carson calls for drone strikes on border 'caves'
Jury convicts man of animal cruelty for abusing macaw
Tennessee school district bans all flags, including Old Glory
Girl's body stolen from funeral home, Dick Tips will pay to get it back. (1:10 of video for Dick Tips)
I'm 23 and dressed as royal baby Prince George for a week
Wiz Khalifa Handcuffed for Using 'Hoverboard' at LAX
Shiba Inu Gets Stuck In Bush, Pretends Everything Is OK
Klansmen convicted over plot to use "death xrays " on mosques
[meta] This is why /u/agentlame should be demodded
Toddler locked in safe found safe and sound
Heinz no longer qualifies as ketchup in IsraelCompetitors prove product doesn't have minimum tomato content, Health Ministry forces re-branding as 'tomato seasoning'
South Korea demands apology from the North for wounding soldiers
Cris Carter urged NFL rookies to have a "fall guy"
Florida: Skim Milk with No Added Vitamins is 'Imitation'
Shahrukh Khan fears he might end up eating his children!
Bedside Reading For Donald Trump--A Book Of Speeches By Adolf Hitler
Twenty thousand considered disappointing turn out for racist event in Alabama
BPD stops violent plot during Pokemon Championship at Hynes Convention Center
Researcher Demonstrates How to Suck Carbon from the Air, Make Stuff from It
Heinz no longer qualifies as ketchup in Israel
Woman Poses Topless for Google Maps, Denounces "Flat-Tittie" Haters [NSFW]
Honest Cop Charged With Misconduct
FIFA Reform Commissioner Defends Blatter, Calls Soccer in U.S. "An Ethnic Sport for Girls in School."
Two hospitalised after eating from meth contaminated slow cooker
Thanks to Umno and PM, Malaysia saved from the Jews, Kepong leader says
New terrorist group emerges in Afghanistan, calling itself 'Islamic Commandos'
Denied Nude Selfie, Man Cancels Wedding
Locals are using the US-Mexico border fence as a giant volleyball net
Mumbai: UP boy with Three Penises operated on in Sion hospital
Man charged with murder for fatal street fight over umbrella
Mother who took her five children from Manchester to Syria now denounces ISIS and is desperate to come home
Police Stop Gunmen at Pokemon World Championship
Teacher accused of sex with 6 teens claims brain 'syndrome'
Mom kills 3 sons to give daughter more of dad's attention
Pokémon world championships: gamers arrested after firearms found in car
Naked couple having sex dies in fall off fort
No Liquid Allowed in Carry On, Woman Drinks Entire Bottle of Cognac at Beijing Airport Security
Norway inmate hacks TV so can share porn
Outrage as weather forecast is proven incorrect
Woman's private parts injured after using adult toy mounted to electric saw
South Korea Vows Not to Back Down in Military Standoff With North
How to tell if you are a vampire
Park Grand Paddington Court London
Live forever with new social network
Russia, China against imposing will over sovereign states & attempts to rewrite history
I'm 23 and dressed as royal baby Prince George for a week - r/nottheclickhole
Pokemon players arrested after bringing guns to World Championships
Pokemon World Championship: Police seize firearms and arrest two men who promised to 'kill the competition'
Iowa host talks up slavery for undocumented immigrants
Bethlehem man says destiny made him buy a cemetery
We're better at tracking the deaths of bees than people who die in police custody
New Reforms To End 'Sickness Benefit Culture'
BELLERIN BEATS OFF WALCOTT BEHIND CLOSED DOORS
Ukraine's Poroshenko: 'New Russia' is like 'Mordor'
Two arrested after apparent Facebook threat to Pokemon card tournament
'Avatar: The Last Airbender 2' Confirmed
Wiz Khalifa forced to the floor and handcuffed for riding a 'hoverboard'
World's worst boyfriend spends Ikea shopping trip tormenting girlfriend with puns
Grilled Cheese Restaurant Owners to Open Vegan Eatery
As Prices Soar, 700 kg of Onion Stolen From a Market in Mumbai
Man Who Spent $100K to Look Like Justin Bieber is Reportedly Missing
Mermaid school expands as more people demand sea siren experience
Two Moroccan Women Infect 16 ISIS Terrorists With AIDS
White Supremacist Wants To Name His All-White Town After Donald Trump
Two men charged after threats made to Pokemon event in Boston
Samsung Rumored to One-Up Apple's 'iPad Pro' With 18.4-Inch Android Tablet
How To Cure Diabetes Naturally Without Medication
Airport that Allowed Guy to Smuggle Gasoline and a Knife On Board Admits It Has a Security Problem
Couple's break-up on board US flight is live tweeted by fellow passenger
Police foil potential gun attack on Pokemon World Championships
6 links Jeremy Corbyn never wanted you to know about
Armed conflict: bad for humanity, great for reducing air pollution!
Virtual wine tastings make it OK to drink alone
Charity race for children's hospice where runners dress in drag is 'a hate crime'
Washington Man Wearing Anti-Government T-Shirt Thanks Firefighters for Saving His Home
Rob Gronkowski: 'I'm a Virgin'
Frat Boys Designate House 'Freshman Daughter Drop Off,' Helpfully Offer to Fuck Moms, Too
North Hampton Lady Arrested For Slapping A Pizza Box Out Of Couple's Hands
These Characters Made Out of Pancakes Are Absolutely Amazing
Man's 8-inch bionic penis replaces the one he lost as a child
Police say two men from Iowa who made online threats against Pokemon competitors - referring to the Boston Marathon bombings and the Columbine High School massacre - were stopped as they tried to register for the World Pokemon Championships in Boston.
Tension escalates in a St. Charles subdivision after a new neighbor moves in
Japan delivers whiskey to space station - for science
Virgin can't wait to use new bionic manhood
Brands want the creators of 'normcore' to be their 'millennial whisperers.'
Voldemort appears in smoke at fireworks show
Report: North Korea, South Korea reach agreement. North Korea will apologize.
H&R Block snuck language into a Senate bill to make taxes more confusing for poor people
Man arrested for trying to punch cars on highway
Phone rings, Judge Rocky Coss holds himself in contempt
Do you see what one viewer sees in her butter?
The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump
Pokemon plot foiled by police
The Star Trek Movie That Nearly Starred Eddie Murphy
More than half of students chasing dying careers, report warns
This hooded figure may or may not be dropping raw meat in playgrounds in a US city
National Post reports on God's Will and his cleansing of Ashley Madison Users
Officers Arrest Two Suspects, Recover Two Firearms after BPD Notified of Online Threats to Pokemon World Championship
Pat Robertson says that the stock market's plunge is God's punishment for planned parenthood (x-post from r/politics)
Thank you, Cosmopolitan, for hitting me with the deep and intellectual articles.
Pat Robertson says that the stock market plunge is God's punishment for planned parenthood.
Summer reading assignment causes controversy, boycott at Duke
Bicyclist runs stop sign, charged with trafficking drugs
Madisonville PD: Burglar calls 911 on herself
Ohio woman who called 911 to complain about Chinese food will get jail time
Crooks With Drone Busted Trying to Smuggle Porn and Drugs Into Prison
500k bounty from Ashley Madison
Butte coalition prevails over state: Call it "Silver Bow Creek," not "Metro Storm Drain"
Dad lets daughter drown in Dubai so she's not 'dishonored' by male lifeguards' touch: report
Pokemon World Championships pair arrested
Two men arrested after gun threats at Pokemon World Championships
Man who had penis ripped off as a child now has 8 inch bionic replacement thanks to pioneering surgery
Tough Mudder challenge: Man in wheelchair competes 12-mile race
SCOTTISH CHIP SHOP CAUGHT SELLING DEEP FRIED ECSTASY
Mayoral Candidate Graffiti's his Name on Statue, Blames his Imaginary Friends.
Mayoral candidate arrested for vandalizing Confederate memorial - blames 'imaginary friend'
Pat Robertson: Market Swoon is God's Punishment
God forgives Christian YouTube star who used Ashley Madison
Please claim your goats, Moorhead Police say
FIFA chief Sepp Blatter says 'he is clean' amid corruption inquiry
Alabama man with spoon killed by officer had a 'mental episode', police say
Jeb Bush: Don't worry, I wasn't calling Latinos "anchor babies" - I meant Asians
Jeb Tries to Explain Away "Anchor Babies" Remark: "Frankly, It's More Related to Asian People"
Man dies after being run over by WWII tank on Jelly Belly chairman's property
Starbucks' CEO sent this bizarre memo telling baristas to be nicer because of the stock turmoil
Gastonia police investigate after images of cloaked figure go viral
Sepp Blatter: There is no corruption in soccer
Black Women Escorted Off Wine Train for Laughing
Black Women Kicked Off Wine Train For Laughing Too Loudly
Boston Police Foil Massacre at Pokemon World Championship
Upcoming Gay Pride Parade In Sweden Is Racist, Says Leftists
Student opts to live on train rather than pay rent
Woman Sues Porn Company After Accidentally Giving Her Brother the Glory Hole
John Oliver's Bogus Church Is a Huge Success: 'Thousands of Dollars' Received
JUSTIN BIEBER LOOK-ALIKE REPORTED MISSING IN WEST HOLLYWOOD
Lightweight Frankie Perez Retires Immediately After 1st UFC Win
Authorities foil drone-delivery of porn, drugs and gun to Maryland prison
Justin Bieber lookalike reported missing in West Hollywood
Cop Shoots and Kills Man Threatening Him With a Spoon
Kentucky Chuck E. Cheese refuses to serve police officer with firearm
"The general aim of these science fiction writers is to frighten the people into a state of paralysis or psychological incompetence bordering on hysteria": FBI files on Ray Bradbury have been released.
Guy who paid $100k to look like Justin Bieber reported missing in West Hollywood
Dept Forced to Halt Prositution Stings Because Cops Can't Stop Having Sex with the Suspects
South Korea is trolling North Korea by using loudspeakers to blast K-pop over the border
If Dinosaur Had Never Gone Extinct, They Might Have Evolved Into "Dinosauroids"
Woman pistol-whips ex-husband in Cleveland when he offers $200 for child support
Birds fly 8000 km for no clear reason
Two men arrested after trying to drop drugs, porn into prison via drone
Pat Robertson: Market Crash God's Punishment For Abortion Rights, Planned Parenthood Funding
If Dinosaurs had never gone extinct, the might have evolved into "Dinosauroids".
It is cartoon who actually copy Anime
Paris suffers baguette shortage
Woman Sees Trump's Face In Her Tub Of Butter
Woman finds Donald Trump's face in her tub of butter
Japan delivers whiskey to space station_ for science
Dept Forced to Halt Prostitution Stings Because Cops Can't Stop Having Sex with the Suspects
World's oldest captive wombat Patrick joins Tinder in bid to find love
Woman Claims Donald Trump's Face Appeared To Her In Tub of Butter
Lions safety: God meant for Packers WR Jordy Nelson to get hurt
Utah dog with terminal cancer gets first look at ocean
Man run over by tank at Jelly Belly family reunion.
Suspicious package confirmed to be box of bunnies
It's speech day at a Sydney school. And kids are getting a chat about the evils of vaccinations. Read more at It's speech day at a Sydney school. And kids are getting a chat about the evils of vaccinations.
Turkey's Top Religious Body Comes Out Against 'Jedi Religion'
Sudanese Cleric Muzammil Faqiri: Communists Try to Lure Muslims into Accepting Darwinism
Family sues Fay School in Southboro, claims Wi-Fi made son ill
It's speech day at a Sydney school. And kids are getting a chat about the evils of vaccinations.
Bucket-list crime leads to arrest of Pierce County twins
Man Killed After Being Run Over By Armored Tank at Jelly Belly CEO's Property
Police baffled after 25-year-old woman's body vanishes from casket after funeral
Leaked E-mail Between Jeb Bush and his Graphic Designer
Victoria's Secret Model Salutes Terrorist Group That Tried to Kill Pope John Paul II
US: Police thwart drone-delivery of porn and drugs into Maryland prison
Pooductive, a social network for pooping people. Seriously.
POODUCTIVE IS AN APP THAT LETS YOU CHAT WITH FRIENDS AND STRANGERS ON THE TOILET
Boy trips in museum and destroys 350 year old painting (includes video)
11 Black Women Kicked Off Napa Wine Train for Laughing While Black
How Bentley Meeker, Lighting Designer, Spends His Sundays
Yes, really! Daesh child beheads teddy bear
Caitlyn Jenner Halloween costume sparks social media outrage
Guard helped inmates with fighting technique
Siêu dự án biệt thự nghỉ dưỡng Vinhomes Riverside chính thức lên sàn
Boy trips in museum and punches hole through million-dollar painting
SEE IT: Woman dumped by text has bizarre temper tantrum in downtown Hong Kong
A Woman Chugged a Bottle of Liquor Because She Couldn't Take It on the Plane
Greek sculptor sacrifices his own piece over fine
Apparently Universities now think they have the right to investigate sex crimes, no matter where the happened, as long as a student is involved.
Weed killer flame gun killed 86-year-old gardener
Pat Robertson Blames Market Crash On Planned Parenthood
Mass holiday by bakers has Paris fearing the unthinkable: A baguette shortage
A Man Has Been Fitted With A Working 8inch Bionic Penis
I will be appreciated when I've gone, says Blatter
South Korea blasts pop music, propaganda over the border
Drunk champion hammer thrower 'pays for taxi with gold medal after night out celebrating'
Woman downs entire bottle of cognac as she wasn't allowed to take it on a plane
Guy steals car and live streams it on Periscope
American runner loses bronze medal after celebrating too early
Molly Huddle loses out on 10,000m bronze at World Championships after celebrating too early in Beijing
Pat Robertson claims stock market crash is God's retribution for US Government supporting Planned Parenthood and abortion rights
Breaking the Galaxy Note 5 is as easy as reinserting the stylus backwards
Tajikistan: Man fined over 'illegal' birthday party
'Spam King' Sanford Wallace Found Guilty After Sending 27 MILLION Facebook Messages
If you lost your goat, the police have it.
Boston police foil gunmen's plot at Pokémon World Championships
Conservatives use photo of wrong type of salmon in campaign ad
Slain gun instructor's family wants law to ban children from automatic weapons
Dane commits 'genitalia vandalism' in IKEA
Boy punches hole in 17th century Italian masterpiece
Jeb Bush Says He Was Talking About Asians When He Said 'Anchor Babies', Not Hispanics
Group of black women kicked off Napa wine train after laughing too loud
The Mayor of Colorado Springs want to outlaw sitting within the city.
Jeb Bush Clarifies That He's Concerned About Asian 'Anchor Babies,' Not Hispanic Ones
One minute of silence is now the most popular song in Austria
Swimmer accidentally breaks world record without even trying
Jeb Bush Says 'Anchor Babies' Comment Was 'More Related to Asians'
Pre-order Just Cause 3 Day 1 Edition and you could win a real-life island
PETA wants roadside memorial for pigs killed in truck crash
Straw Man Guards China-Russia Border on the Russian Side
San Francisco Mayor Says Homeless Must Leave Streets For Super Bowl Festivities
GOP so desperate to get rid of de Blasio it will back a Democrat
Chicken sandwich not protected by copyright, rules US court
California man dies after being run over by WWII tank on Jelly Belly Chairman's estate
Woman Sees the Face of Donald Trump in Her Tub of Organic Butter
Uzbekistan airways announces it will start weighing passengers before flights
Mugabe: Zimbabweans aren't suffering... we gave them land
Chef in Japan creates poo-flavoured curry
New Brunswick Man's Constitutional Fight To Buy His Beer In Quebec Hits Court Today.
PEPPA PIG 2015 ♥ Peppa Pig English Episodes ♥Peppa Pig New Episodes 2015
Creepy cloaked figure dropping raw meat near playground is scaring NC residents
Woman misspells "Whore" while keying friend's car
City officials change mind, close radioactive park
Donald Trump keeps bullying Megyn Kelly on Twitter, because Donald Trump
Orange Wine Is Making A Big Comeback
Retiree finds parked car after three-week search
Child struck by pickup, driver assaulted Monday night in Winona
Dentist 'tried to impress' waitress with photos of Cecil's carcass
California wildfires: Can burning marijuana fields get you high?
Woman gets bacterial infection in her knee from flossing too much
Jeb Clarifies 'Anchor Baby' Remarks: 'It's More Related To Asian People'
Ferguson judge withdraws all arrest warrants before 2015
Black Women Kicked Off Napa Wine Train for Laughing
Rock band finds illegal immigrant hidden in guitar case
Warner Bros Buys 'Dante's Inferno' Pitch From Scribe Dwain Worrell
Coventry City FC and Wasps RFC fans warned not to use new Ricoh Arena train station.
New Species of Crayfish Named After Edward Snowden
Supporters tell horrified GOP pollster why they trust Trump to make America great again: 'It's on his hat'
Map: More Ashley Madison users in Grand Rapids than voters in mayoral election
This Kid Accidentally Tripped and Punched a Hole in a $1.5 Million Dollar Painting
FREE book about happiness, ONLY TODAY. Download at Amazon.com (Kindle).
Facing possible ban, more Americans are buying new (and legal) $900 flamethrowers
Sheep named Shrek avoids shearing for 6 years by hiding in a cave
Taiwanese 12-year-old holding a drink stumbles and tears through 17th-century oil on canvas artwork
Israeli right-wing soccer fans raised a german neo nazi banner in a soccer match.
Woman Sees Donald Trump In Her Vegan Butter
Crashing car into building found to be great burglary deterrent
Man Given Eight-Inch Bionic Penis After Losing Use Of Genitals
Philadelphia Police Officer Caught Soliciting For Fundraiser Tickets While Dropping Homophobic Slurs
Florida Woman Tackles Lice Problem With Hitman, Police Say
Confederate-Flag Theft Victim Unable to Identify Suspect: 'They All Look the Same to Me'
U.S. and Russia Can't Even Agree on How to Handle Astronaut Pee
Secession groups want to make Upstate NY its own state called 'New Amsterdam'
US foils 'plot' to fly drugs and porn into Maryland prison
National scene: No role for CIA in cyberbody
Lion kills guide in Zimbabwe safari park where Cecil lived
Victim unable to help cops arrest black Confederate flag thief: 'They all look the same to me'
Cyber cheats married... to each other
Baraboo school bans the word "boo"
Meet Nitama, the new cat in charge at Japan's Kishi Station
Man charged after allegedly driving lawnmower to liquor store while impaired
Safari guide killed by lion in front of tourists
Parents say school's Wi-Fi signal making son sick
Caitlyn Jenner Halloween costume sparks social media firestorm
Pennsylvania AG, Facing Trial for Perjury, Uses Twin Sister as Courthouse Decoy
WWII Tank Crushes Man at Jelly Belly Chief's Home
Obama claims Derek Jeter hustled him
Angry, drunk and unemployed German wasps are invading Essex
Man wearing black cloak seen dropping raw meat on a playground in North Carolina
Taiwanese boy takes a tumble in museum and punches a hole in a painting worth $1.5 million
There's a new crayfish species and it's named after Edward Snowden
A ticket found on the ground make them win a car
Man Dies After Being Run Over By Tank At Party
Woman Used Sperm From Oral Sex To Get Pregnant, Gets Child Support
ESPN Suspends Analyst Curt Schilling for Tweet Comparing Muslims to Nazis
A chicken sandwich cannot be copyrighted, judge rules
Cornish band finds migrants in back of van in France
Attractive Blonde White Girl is Swamped With Job Offers After Complaining She Can't Find Work
Everything is on fire and no one cares
Woman Sues Porn Company After Unknowingly Giving Her Brother A Blowjob
White nationalist David Duke praises Trump's candidacy
School's Wi-Fi Making Son Sick, Parents Say In Lawsuit
Man dies from being run over by WWII Tank at Jelly Belly Chairmans property (x-post /r/News)
I'm talented. I'm hard-working. I'm blonde. So why can't I find a job in London?
N.B. man's constitutional fight to buy his beer in Quebec hits court today
Porn-Sniffing Dog Helped Bring Down Subway Star Jared Fogle
Dog gets stuck in a bush; is totally fine with it.
Bizarre Shooting, Bagpipes Incident at School
Disgruntled diners leave waitress a tip of 'LOL' on a $112 bill
Hilton hotels remove pay-per-view porn, because hotels are for sleeping
Armored tank crushes man on Jelly Belly's CEO property
Woman Arrested When Dog Dies in Hot Car Complains That She's Too Hot in Back of the Squad Car
'Hoverboard'-riding rapper Wiz Khalifa is briefly detained by authorities at LAX
This Burglar Got Caught in the Most HILARIOUS Way!
Upset woman keys ex boyfriends car but misspells word
Football fans banned from using brand new railway station - because trains are too small
The CEO of Ashley Madison Was Secretly Working on a Screenplay About Jews, Dildos, and How Awesome Ashley Madison Is
Woman downs whole bottle of cognac at Beijing airport security control, only to be prevented from flying because she was too drunk.
Police: Woman Caught Burglarizing Home After She Called Fire Department
Coventry Arena train station to open - but football fans warned not to use it
Satanists drench women with milk for Planned Parenthood counter-protest
Bigots Lose It As Florida City Renames 'Old Dixie Highway' To 'Pres. Obama Highway'
Burglary suspect calls 911 to report a fire during robbery
Ex on the Beach star Jordan Davies says 702nd lover is 'the one
This Girl Is Suing A Porn Company After Unknowingly Giving Her Brother A Blowjob Through A Glory Hole
White House jumper killed after pulling knife in court - CNN.com
Tourist guide mauled to death by lion in same park where Cecil was killed
TV3 presenter Duncan Garner 'doesn't know' how he got on Ashley Madison
Amended workers' compensation scheme provokes criticism
Wildfire smoke in Portland, OR causes man to start fire in his apartment, investigators say. Man "started fire to get rid of the smoke".
Study: Kids Are Tossing The Fruits And Veggies In Their School Lunches
Man Crushed to Death by WWII Tank at Jelly Belly Family Retreat
AT&T Hotspots: Now with Advertising Injection
Wildfire smoke in Portland causes man to start fire in his apartment, investigators say
Baby born from grandmother's donated womb
'Stop Chris Christie' PAC gives up, crediting Christie with doing its work for it
Court: Second Amendment also covers those in US illegally
Time Warner Cable CEO: We're like the Mercedes of cable
Computer predicts 95% chance of misery for Eagles fans in 2015
College student would be sole voter in CID sales tax decision
Burglary Suspect Calls 911 To Report Fire Hazard At Crime Scene
Iowans held without bond for alleged plot against Pokemon World Championship
Guest at Jelly Belly chairman's family reunion killed by WWII-era armored vehicle
'Dead' teen wakes up screaming inside coffin; Family smashes tomb
Missouri woman cheesed off after seeing Donald Trump in her butter
12 year old Taiwanese boy trips, catches balance but punches hole in 300 year old 1.5 million dollar painting
Fox News host: Keep daughters 'home in the kitchen' to prevent fraternity rapes
Woman Seemingly Seeking Revenge Misspells Vandalized Message on Car of Ex's Lover: Cops
Cops north of Toronto look for owner of Skittle stolen during break-and-enter
Dispute over drinking straw ends with man behind bars
TIL the leader of Myanmar (formerly Burma) was advised by a wizard that his country was leaning too far to the left, politically. To remedy this, he forced the population to drive on the right side of the road, causing mass confusion.
Young Londoners on inequality: 'I saw 60 white people. It was absolutely frightening'
100% of Ground Beef Has Poop in It, Study Finds
Donald Trump: I'd get the Chinese president 'a McDonald's hamburger'
The hottest sale Floor Length Sequin Open Back Dress
CPUSA Wins "Worst Communist Party in the World" Award, Again
Louisiana townsfolk terror-freak over Hebrew "welcome home" sign
"Arabic Terror Message" Actually Said "Welcome Home" in Hebrew
We need birthright citizenship for pandas
Parents sue private school for $250,000 claiming WiFi is making their child sick
Everyone is going nuts over this Vine, but no, you can't charge a phone with a corndog
Cops north of Toronto look for owner of stolen Skittle
Kansas man swings leashed dog at cop 'as a weapon'
Missouri woman shocked as Trump look-alike appears in butter
Trump impersonates Asian negotiators
Trump, Hillary are distant relatives, experts say
Professor Resigns Over College Censoring Sexy Story about the Handicap Receiving Oral Sex
'Dead' Teen 'Wakes Up' Screaming, Banging Inside Coffin; Family Smashes Tomb
Boarding School Being Sued By Mom Because Junior Has Imaginary Sickness From Wifi
Meet Shrek - The Renegade Sheep That Avoided Shearing For Six Years By Hiding In A Cave
Man hit and killed while mooning random cars
Small man syndrome really does exist, US government researchers conclude
Honduras teen allegedly 'woke up in grave,' pronounced dead again in hospital
2 held without bail for alleged Pokemon threats
Samsung's Latest Smart Fridge Can Expose Your Gmail Password
This Porn-Detecting Dog Helped Catch Jared Fogle
Rastafarian Officer Fights for Dreadlocks
Drunk man was 'mooning' traffic when hit: coroner
Woman at Beijing Airport chugs bottle of Cognac that was not allowed on plane, only to be prevented from flying because she was too drunk.
Woman Sues Porn Company After Accidentally "Performing" With Her Own Brother
Racist man who killed 'goddamn Jews' for 'moral reasons' asks jury not to give into 'political correctness'
Wu-Tang Clan Still Hasn't Sold That $5 Million Album
Ben Carson decries divisiveness of Black Lives Matter at anti-abortion rally
Man May Lose Hand After Attempting To Take Selfie With Rattlesnake
Notice me, senpai. Notice me!
Donald Trump gets a boost from former Klansman David Duke
Woman sues porn company after accidently performing on brother.
"We know his goal is to make America great again," a woman said. "It's on his hat."
Experts warn 'DIY braces' trend can ruin teeth
Canada's new $20 bill at centre of maple leaf flap
Data: Chicago Cubs fans are No. 1 at urinating in public
Anime about Anti-censorship is pissing off Japanese Censors.
Clock shock: British admit Big Ben's bongs not quite on time
Man Running from Cops Stops to Pet Cats, Goes to Jail
Mom forces toddler to swallow live frogs to 'cure epilepsy'
Buried alive: Pregnant teenager 'wakes up in coffin' a day after her funeral
Family breaks open pregnant teenager's coffin in fear she was buried alive
Chris Christie Suggests Teachers Get Minimum Wage Plus Bonuses
A Woman Chugged an Entire Bottle of Cognac Rather than Give It to Airport Security
Boy trips, punches hole through 17th century work of art
Woman downs whole bottle of cognac at Beijing airport security control
Fly tipping: Someone in London left a coffin for council workers to clear up
Jeremy Corbyn raises possibility of women-only train carriages
Anti-protesting protesters 'beat' each other up with sticks and roof tiles (video)
Halloween outfit of Cecil the lion's killer now on sale
Burger King Wants McDonald's Help to Make the 'McWhopper'
Ground beef and 10 other places where fecal matter is found
There's a Cecil the Lion Halloween costume complete with severed lion head
Kanye West to receive MTV lifetime achievement award
Cecil the Lion Halloween Halloween Costume Creator Defends Controversy
Boy trips, punches hole in $1.5 million painting
Burger King to McDonald's: Let's Make a 'McWhopper'
Driver Killed in IndyCar Wreck Was a Student of Crashes
Subway Jared Underage Sex Shock: Enjoy a Foot Long in Jail
Cops decide to collect less license plate data after 80GB drive got full
Trump wins backing of former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan
Not faking news: High-level committee formed to probe how Amit Shah got stuck in a lift
Deadly shooting during live TV news report in Va.
Man spots niece in newspaper
Toronto man denied subsidized housing for not being Muslim
A 2015 UK Labour Party candidate wants train carriages segregated by sex
LENOVO IdeaPad Y700 Battery
Shepparton uncle spots Dutch niece in our paper
Poohsticks formula prompts list of best places to play
Want to hunt exotic African animals? Just go to Texas.
The government's surprisingly detailed description of what qualifies as mayonnaise
[NSFW] Woman sues after accidentally 'performing' on brother during glory-hole sceen.
Eight reasons why men should stick with girlfriends and not get married!
Former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke Endorses Trump for President
Chinese woman chugs down $200 bottle of cognac to beat airport security
Turns Out Sarcastic People Really Are Better at Everything
Thailand's National Police Chief Visits Nana Plaza To Reassure Sex Tourists Following Bombing
Trump-Loving Ohio Sheriff Goes Hunting for 'Illegals' - The Daily Beast
David Duke On Trump: He's "Certainly The Best Of The Lot" Running For President
People are spending $14 to send message-bearing potatoes
Texas woman arrested, fired after allegedly stealing $3,000 in sausage
Zimbabwe getting ready for economic takeoff, says Mugabe
Terrified Cyclist Films Ride Through Kangaroo 'Apocalypse'
Woman Sues Porn Company After Accidentally Giving Her Brother the Glory Hole [NSFW]
Man hospitalized after trying to take selfie with snake
Irish-Kuwaiti tourist beats army of Turkish shopkeepers, declared hero on social media
Mormon City council member conceal carries a rock In her purse because she doesn't feel safe from other city council members.
Yellowstone Tourist Says "Train Your Bears to Where Guests Can See Them"
Cows like to sleep close to their families, and sleeping arrangements are determined by individuals' rank in the social hierarchy
Amazon launching one-hour booze delivery in Seattle
Benedict Cumberbatch is a bloody good Hamlet, says his mum
Student loan forgiveness proposed for young farmers
Video of Irish 'professional boxer' fighting Istanbul neighbourhood goes viral in Turkey
Thousands of chicks swarm Chinese motorway after lorry crash - and villagers try to loot them
Octopuses seen throwing things may be using shells as weapons.
Texas Judge resigns after being caught texting instructions to prosecutors to help win convictions
No More Beef: Burger King Wants to Make the 'McWhopper' With McDonald's
..moved in with her and her mother in their tiny house on Sesame Street. Her cousin Bert later moved in as well, but not his brother Ernie..
Donald Trump Won't Eat Oreos Because They're Too Mexican Now
The Term 'Boyfriend Jeans' Is an Example of the Patriarchy
Baraboo school says parents, fans not allowed to boo in stands
Woman Hires Hitman Because Her Grandkids Got Lice, Police Say
Burger King to McDonald's: Let's Make a 'McWhopper' / McWhopper: McDonald's Turns Down Burger King's Offer to Create Joint Hamburger for Day of Peace
"So is this after or...?" @ 1 min, Journalist asks an intelligent question about ISIS blowing up ancient temple
Eazy-E's Son Thinks Suge Knight Injected His Father With AIDS Blood
Rudy Giuliani: A Homeless Man Pooped Near My Home & It's Just Like The Dark Ages
LGBT Community and their personal Vendetta's Against Those who disagree ...
Russell Wilson claims "Recovery Water" healed his head injury
Woman downs whole bottle of cognac at Beijing airport security control: Woman drank contents of bottle after being told she could not carry it in her hand luggage, only to be prevented from flying because she was too drunk
First State Legalizes Taser Drones for Cops, Thanks to a Lobbyist
Nevada prostitute fights to win back kids from ex-police officer accused of pimping her on Craigslist
Man tries to copyright chicken sandwich, learns that that's ridiculous
The many feuds of Donald Trump, diagrammed
Trump vows never to eat Oreos again, citing move to Mexico
Man tries to copyright a chicken sandwich, learns that that's ridiculous
South Korea Agrees to Stop Playing Loud K-pop at Border If North Korea Promises Not to Declare War
Former KKK leader David Duke endorses Donald Trump for saying some 'incredibly great things'
10 ways Germany puts Britain to shame
Macaque monkeys descended from Jews, claims Sudanese writer
Even-longer versions of The Hobbit movies returning to theaters this fall
How to Pay Off Student Debt: Live in Your Car for Two Years
Caitlyn Jenner Halloween Costume Sparks Uproar
Blind Longsnapper Jake Olson Still Not Cleared By NCAA To Join USC Football Team Because His Make-A-Wish Visit To The Team When He Was 10 Years Old May Be An Impermissible Benefit
New 'Deadpool' Image Certainly Has Deadpool in It
Higher Learning: Colorado County Mulls Scholarship Pot Tax
Mayor Denounces Horseback Riding On Baltimore Streets
Woman Arrested for Allegedly Leaving Dog in Hot Car Complains About Heat in Police Cruiser
Taking the piss: a brief history of athletes drinking their own urine
Duke freshman refuses to read a book on a recommended reading list for an English class because it would compromise his personal moral and religious beliefs
Duke students reject award-winning book over gay themes
3D-Printed Microfish May Soon Inject Themselves In Your Body
Dress Code Battle: Students Protest 'Uncovered Shoulders' Rule
I Can't Stop Reading One-Star Yelp Reviews of National Parks
StarKist Settles Tuna Suit, Consumers Can Get $25 or $50 in Tuna
Halifax's favourite furry feline makes leap to federal politics
Wendy's Worker Arrested for Putting Vaginal Discharge On Woman's Burger
The purr-fect Prime Minister? Halifax cat running for Canada's top job!
Jeb Bush: Planned Parenthood isn't involved in women's health
Trump vows to stop eating Oreos, citing move to Mexico
M. Night Shyamalan Will Return with 'Last Airbender 2'
Despite doomsday warnings, Philly officials say, 'Yes, we're open' during papal visit
Husband Found On Ashley Madison Adultery Site Says: It Wasn't Me
Pastor robbed at gunpoint after anti-violence rally
Donald Trump thinks the rich should pay more in taxes than everyone else
Police Search for Fedora-Wearing Man Who Robbed 2 Banks Within 1 Hour
Burger King Wants Peace McWhopper, McDonald's Not Lovin' It
McDonald's Declines Peace Day Offer from Burger King to make the 'McWhopper'
StarKist: Company Settles Class Action Lawsuit; Eligible Customers Get $25 in Cash or $50 in Tuna
Porn-sniffing dog found evidence in Fogle's house
These elected officials eat hemp to make a point
Buddie the marijuana mascot draws complaints from children's advocates
Former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke throws support behind Donald Trump
Former KKK grand wizard David Duke: Trump 'understands the real sentiment of America'
Former Ku Klux Klan Leader David Duke Throws Support Behind Donald Trump
Oxford Dictionaries Adds 'Fat-Shame,' 'Butthurt' and 'Redditor'
Woman commits suicide after messaging photo of charcoal to boyfriend
Man tries to dig up dead father to argue with him
France: Feminist group 'renames' Paris streets
Dubuque Republicans don't recognize man who told Univision anchor to 'Get out of my country'
A disappointed Yellowstone visitor left a comment card asking the park to 'train your bears to be where guests can see them'
Yellowstone visitor wants park to train bears to be 'where guests can see them'
Russell Wilson credits water with his recovery from big hit
Fat White Family threaten 'to join Isis' if Mac DeMarco continues making music
Walmart to End Sales of Assault Rifles in U.S. Stores
Walmart to stop selling AR-15s and similar guns
Drivers charged $20 'toll' after deadly crash forces detour through First Nation
Trump vows no more 'bimbo' tweets
man gets arrested for tampering with red light cameras.
Chief Keef Names New Son After Record Label, FilmOn Dot Com
Reuters Employees Bombarded With Reply-All Email Catastrophe
Husband Found On Ashley Madison: It Wasn't Me. (His Wife Believes Him)
Some Parents Are Suing Their Son's School Because They Think the Wi-Fi Is Making Him Sick
Fox News Gets Schooled On Why WDBJ Shooting Isn't Necessarily An Anti-White Hate Crime
Outrage As School Informs Students That Gay People Exist
Missing Man Who Spent $100,000 to Look Like Justin Bieber Found Dead
Lawyer who ditched law practice at 37 ignored mom's warning that he was ruining his life
Missing Bieber Lookalike Found Dead In A Motel Room
'Not Racist' Guy Says Honoring MLK Will Make Him Show 'Racist Ways'
American working in England is suing his colleagues for "Too much banter"
Wal-Mart To End Sales Of Some Semi-Automatic Rifles, Citing Low Demand
Israeli professor wants to purchase 1.4% of the earth
Lawyer who billed clients for watching true-crime shows is suspended
Sydney Hostages Speculations on Motive - A Dojunto Synopsis
Oops! Boy trips at museum, punches hole in painting worth $1.5 million
'30 Days of Trump' Fills Your Friends' Inboxes With Trump Texts For a Month
China market chaos blamed on exodus of regulatory 'turtles'
Yellowstone Visitors Ask The Park To Please Train Bears To Hang Out Where Humans Can See Them
North to South Korea: Turn Down Kpop Music or We'll Burn Seoul
NJ SUPREME COURT RULES THAT LEAVING A KID IN THE CAR IS NOT AUTOMATICALLY ABUSE
Man tries to copyright a chicken sandwich, learns that that's completely ridiculous.
'Kong: Skull Island' Will Be a 'Straight Outta Compton' Reunion
One man's poop is another's medicine
Are You Looking for UPVC Casement Windows for Home?
Ashley Madison was a bunch of dudes talking to each other, data analysis suggests
Not-so-pretty bird in India arrested on charges of verbal assault
Pet parrot 'detained' for abusing woman
First guy to nail the "Smoke Weed Every Day" in the Next Episode
Donald Trump Says He Is Boycotting Oreos
MICKEY MOUSE clubhouse FULL EPISODES - Mini Mouse , DONALD DUCK , CHIP A...
This dude spent 100k to look like justin beiber. he is dead now because he finally realized..... he didn't look like justin beiber.
Ashley Madison founder's emails reveal he had multiple affairs despite his claims he never cheated on his wife
Man Can Now Have an Erection With His Bionic Penis by Pressing a Button Near His Testicles
Taylor Swift & Lisa Kudrow sing "Smelly Cat" from "Friends" live on stage
double axis wood lathe make baseball bats
Too fat for Real Madrid: Promising player sacked for eating all the pies
Man hired former stewardess for shelling crabs
Austraoian government has vowed to keep working with eBay to catch welfare recipients who fail to declare their income from the website.
Australian government has vowed to keep working with eBay to catch welfare recipients who fail to declare their income from the website.
Fake Goldman Sachs is latest Chinese counterfeit bank to hang out its shingle
'Arabic Terror Threat' Was Actually A Hebrew Welcome Sign
Hebrew sign mistaken for Islamist banner in Louisiana
Police called in to cool down randy billy goat
How Flossing Gave This Woman A Knee Infection
Justin Bieber lookalike found dead
China, not India, is the world's biggest democracy, an op-ed in Chinese state media claims
Justin Bieber Look-Alike & 'Botched' Star Found Dead in Motel
The Man Who Spent $100,000 to Resemble Justin Bieber Was Found Dead in a Motel 6
How to Take Your Kids to Dangerous Places and Why
Creator of fark running for governor of kentucky.
Tennis balls for chair legs now 'suggested' school supply
Report: I.K Enemkpali Got Catfished By A Guy Under A Blanket Hiding In The Dark
Teacher keeps job despite being late 111 times in 2 years
Parents Sue School, Claim Wi-Fi Makes Son Sick
Tianjin officials suspected of negligence over port explosion
Polish Athlete Wins World Championships Gold, Gets Drunk, Uses Medal to Pay Taxi
Heard of China's Fake Rolexes? Now There's a Fake Goldman Sachs - Bloomberg Business
World Responds To Virginia Shooting By Asking Americans To 'Please Stop Killing Each Other'
Fake Goldman Sachs bank found in China
Fan who had plastic surgery to look like Justin Bieber found dead
No television, no toys, no contact with the outside world: Woman reveals what it was like to grow up inside a strict religious cult - and how she finally escaped
You'll Never Guess Which Region Suspends Black Kids From School Most Often
On-The-Run Penguin Is Flagged Down By Police
Florida man tries tow truck tug-of-war to free SUV
Former carnival worker charged under Alabama's new bestiality law
What It Takes for a "Beast" to Find a "Beauty"
North Korean Airport's Internet Room Has Little In The Way Of Internet Access
"Smart" solar palm trees power Wi-Fi, phones in Dubai
Portrait of Putin as a Simpsons Character Stolen From Moscow Exhibit
Drunken Monarchy Fight: King Of Beers V. Queen Of Beers In Trademark Tussle
Usain Bolt Wins Another Race, Then Gets Flattened by a Segway
Tourist Unclear On Concept Of Wild Animals Demands Yellowstone Provide Better Bears
Donald Trump thinks that Pope Francis is "a pretty good guy"
Chief Keef named his newborn son after the website for his record label
'Fire hazard' home burns as couple signs deed to buy it
More Than 4,000 Died Within Six Weeks Of Being Deemed 'Fit For Work', Reveal Government
Usain Bolt Wins 200m Race at World Championships, Gets Taken Out by a Photographer on a Segway
How Words Like Butt-Dial and Redditor Make It Into the Oxford English Dictionary
Thousands have died after being found fit for work, DWP figures show
Couple buys vacant house next door, worried it's a fire hazard; it catches fire while they sign the deed
Wall disappears in Rotterdam after Craigslist ad posted
"Spookiness" Confirmed by the First Loophole-free Quantum Test
Scientists Send Kombucha to Space in Search for Extraterrestrial Life
Man arrested for stealing Texas pickup truck with baby on board
Guy on a segway takes out Usain Bolt
The OED Acknowledges "Manspreading" Is A Real Word
Usain Bolt Taken out by Segway After Winning 200M Title at World Championships
'Go Back To Mexico' Sentiment Is Most Prevalent In States That Used To Be Mexico
Pastor 'Gooch' Olcott chosen to lead Cornerstone Church
Segway company owner rides scooter off cliff, dies
Woman's 'unicorn horn' growing from her head needs surgery
Chinese 'Unicorn Woman' Grows Gigantic Horn In Middle Of Her Head
Bread recalled, may contain glass fragments
Teen shows off new Air Jordans, friends steal them, police say
Walmart to halt selling some military-grade weapons
Usain Bolt Wins Race Only to Be Run Over by Man on Segway
McDonald's politely declines Burger King's offer of world peace
Woman Dies and 23 Arrested For Drugs at Phish Concert
Man shot by St. Louis police had severed spine, raising question of how he ran
Former meat worker accused of stealing sausage
Bimbo Bakeries recalls bread brands due to potential broken glass
Army Used Drdo developed 'Chilli Grenades' to Force Pak Terrorist Out of Cave
Police: Help us identify the 'Portland Pooper'
A Man Proposed To His Boyfriend In Front Of His Church And Got A Standing Ovation
Man proposes to his boyfriend in Texas Methodist Church,gets a standing ovation
Police Taser Drones Legalized In North Dakota
Ashley Madison CEO caught up in Ashley Madison hack
Boy born without fingers ends up getting six hands
Ashley Madison CEO 'used own site'
Superbowl Champion Quarterback Russell Wilson claims $3 water from a company he's invested in prevented him from getting a concussion
'Unicorn woman' set to have 'horn' removed from head
America is now averaging more than one mass shooting per day in 2015
Delta governor scored more votes than number of voters, INEC confirms
DEAD TEENAGER 'WAKES UP IN GRAVE IN HONDURAS' - DIES AGAIN BEFORE BEING FREED
'Just Mayo' not actually mayo, says FDA
Usain Bolt wiped out by cameraman on Segway when celebrating 200m gold
HOME>POLITICS Donald Trump Asks a Woman to Perform 'Inspection' to See If He Has Toupee
Donald Trump Asks a Woman to Perform 'Inspection' to See If He Has Toupee
Man gets standing ovation after proposing to boyfriend in Texas Methodist Church
Walmart Will Stop Selling Assault Rifles
New Jersey teacher who was late for work 111 times keeps job
Somebody in China Has Set Up a Fake Goldman Sachs and Is Doing Business
Chris Brown reveals he owns 14 Burger King restaurants
Customers Are Boycotting UPS Because It Ships Severed Animal Heads
Six-Year-Old Sued Over Skiing Accident
Down and Drought: The Scottsdale police officer who killed six is now training cops when to shoot to kill
The Scottsdale police officer who killed six is now training cops when to shoot to kill
Usain Bolt Wins Easily but Is Run Down by a Segway
Bute renamed 'Penis Island' in Gaelic sign blunder
My Week Inside the Moonlite Bunny Ranch, America's Most Famous Brothel
Man With $150K of Pot Says He Didn't Know It Was Illegal To Grow It: Police
Trump Supporter Tells U.S. Citizen Jorge Ramos To 'Get Out Of My Country'
Thousands sign up to donate to life-saving fecal transplant program
Mother-Daughter Duo Have Spent $86,000 on Matching Plastic Surgery: 'We Look How We Want to Look'
Usain Bolt Is Knocked Over By Segway-Riding Cameraman After Winning Gold
Sprint offers DirecTV customers free year of phone service
Thai elephant kills keeper, runs off with 3 Chinese on its back
Mother and daughter splash out £56,000 on surgery to look like Katie Price... raising the money through stripping and sugar daddies.
East Grand Forks man charged with burglarizing, defecating in Minnesota church
Ancient Tomb In Spain Destroyed And Replaced With A Picnic Table
New law permits North Dakota cop drones to fire beanbag rounds from the sky
Chicago suburb to start keeping 'habitual drunkard' list
Dreamcast console sales spike following Shenmue III reveal
Chief Keef names his newborn "Sno FilmOn Dot Com Cozart" after record label
Chief Keef names newborn after record label
Elites just don't understand 'Born to Run'
Ashley Madison ceo gets Caught in Ashley Madison Hack
World's oldest wombat in captivity joins Tinder in quest for love
Mom Loses Court Battle Against Son Over $5K Bar Mitzvah Gift
Australian bar sparks outrage after using naked women as fruit platters
Aussie bar uses naked women as fruit platters, sparks outrage
Naked woman hired by Cruise Bar in Sydney to cover themselves in food
Man who paid $100K to look like Bieber is found dead
Man Who Surgically Transformed Himself to Look Like Justin Bieber Found Dead
Man Sells Son on Craigslist for $500; Used Money for Apple Watch
Utahns would vote for Trump over Clinton despite disliking him more, poll shows
White supremacist expressed surprise that Kansas victims were not Jewish
Fury as archaeological site ruined and replaced with picnic table
Report: Boehner happy that White House campaign keeps 'jackass' Cruz away |
Business owners try to remove all voters from business district, but they forgot one college student
Stop blaming me for Hurricane Katrina. By Michael Brown.
'Arabic Terror Threat' Was Actually A Hebrew Welcome Sign Headshot of Ed Mazza
Police arrest wanted man that posted his location on Facebook
Expert says Cedar Point, not roller coaster rider, bears much of the blame in park death
Germany trades citizens metadata for NSAs top spy software
No Lemonade For You; Seinfeld Family Lemonade Stand Shut Down by Police
Disorderly man uses dog as weapon
'Pet' coyote dragging leash is caught, put to death
'Pet' coyote euthanized in Maryland
Semi damages 4 bridges on NB I-25 in Denver; 4 lanes closed
Many Psychology Findings Not as Strong as Claimed, Study Says
Hospital patient shot by off duty police officer!
This commercial was aired on TV by slovakian company. Ironically, only few hours ago, 50 dead immigrants were found in their supply truck on austrian border.
Chicagoan Tired of New Yorkers Asking How She Survived City's South Side
Eazy-E's Son Claims His Father Was Injected With AIDS by Suge Knight
Corbyn's Coffee Cup Sold On eBay For £51
Bradenton man arrested after attacking mother with potato salad
Reykjavík names a street after Darth Vader from Star Wars
Front lawn dinosaurs cause stir in Texas neighborhood
Report: LGBT Rainbow Hate-Flag Found In WDBJ Killer's Virginia Apartment
Trump Declares: 'I'm Not a Fan of Hitler'
Man On Meth Fights Off 15 Cops While Jacking Off
Parents told their daughter's Wonder Woman lunchbox is too violent for school
Calgary air quality reading affected by spider in monitoring station
Man tries to get refund on Shoreham airshow as crash 'ruined my birthday'
Man Offers Up Yeezy Boosts for a New Kidney
Ben Carson: There's a 'war on what's inside of women, but not a war on women'
People Are Literally Cutting $20 Bills in Half to Make Change in Quebec
Judge Joe Brown Begins Jail Sentence for Contempt of Court Charge
Drunk driver says stripper was supposed to drive him home
Thief asked officer to jump car minutes before armed robbery
Croatian Court Bans Dog from Barking
Trump: I will be 'far better' for women's health than Hillary Clinton
Japanese railway station replaces much-loved station master cat
Girl's Wonder Woman lunchbox deemed too violent for school, she gets sent home.
Goth teenagers at higher risk of depression, study finds
No, Portland archbishop has not threatened to de-Catholic St. Mary's, spokesperson says
KMT pans EasyCard marketing
Teenagers may be spreading lice with 'selfies'
Alberta company bottling air from Canadian Rockies and selling it worldwide
Goth teenagers at higher risk of depression
Taiwanese Boy Falls Through $1.54M Painting, Paolo Porpora's Masterpiece 'Flowers'
Young goths 'at risk of depression'
Donald Trump proves his hair is real
Sales tax election to come down to one voter in failed gerrymandering attempt
Woman finds Donald Trump's face in her butter
Australian Boarder Force is going to carry out "random" visa checks in Melbourne CBD targeting everything from anti-social behaviour to outstanding warrants.
Beyonce 101: Canadian universities offering courses studying pop superstar
Cocaine Production Plummets After DEA Kicked Out of Bolivia
Report: Several Washington offensive linemen dislike RG3
Security Has to Get Involved When Black Transgender Lives Matter Activists Disrupt Clinton Event
Rapper Chief Keef names newborn "Sno Filmon Dot Com Cozart" after record label
Asexuals Air Concerns Over FDA Approval of Female Libido-Enhancing Drug
Meet the woman who confirmed Trump's hair is no toupee
FAA Approves Commercial Use Of Drone Paper Airplane. Yes. Really.
Chạy chương trình giảm giá 70% SIM SỐ ĐẸP các mạng Viettel, Vina, Mobi trong hôm nay, gọi: 0902.89.89.89
Why American astronauts drink Russian urine
Beware manspreading, enjoy wine o'clock: new Oxford words
Washington Nationals' (MLB) Reed Johnson sneezes, strains oblique muscle
Justin Bieber Look-Alike Found Dead in Motel Room
'Nazi gold train': Poland asks treasure hunters to stop search
Border Force to check people's visas on Melbourne's streets this weekend
UT Knoxville encourages students to use gender-neutral pronouns.
Trump: Maybe America should try making a jerk president
Call me 'ze,' not 'he': University wants everyone to use 'gender inclusive' pronouns
Internet Shames WWE's Dolph Ziggler Into Fixing MEGADETH Patch
Rapper Chief Keef names son Sno FilmOn Dot Com Cozart
Froggy Went A-Courtin', But Lady Frogs Chose Second-Best Guy Instead
Another California Man Who Tried to Take Selfie With Rattlesnake Gets Bit
Lake Elsinore Man Bitten While Taking Selfie With Rattlesnake, Mother Says
Researchers show that an iron bar is capable of decision-making
Goth teenagers at greater risk of self-harm | Irish Examiner
40% of repeat studies can't repeat results ¦ so more study needed
Former Pakistani Diplomat accused of Blasphemy for speaking at Ahmadiyya convention
Passenger Kicked Out of FX After Asking Driver to Stop Playing Clash of Clans
Charlie Sheen wants to be Donald Trumps VP.
Slash to Produce '80s Style Slasher Movie
Trudeau proposes running deficits, criticizes Harper for running deficits
Chinese Airline Grounds Flight Attendants Who Become "Too Fat" to Fly
White Van With 'Free Candy' Painted In Red Makes Natomas Parents Nervous
Man who punched thief unconscious ordered to pay compensation
Saudi preacher who killed his daughter released.
Police hunt 'ginger hate crime' culprit who can't spell
North Korea's new airport has an internet room, without the internet
Vatican backs plan to name Rome square for Martin Luther
Young goths may be more vulnerable to depression and self harm, study finds
Police investigating 'ginger hate crime' graffiti
Border Force: Melburnians fight visa checks with memes
NFL slated to start the season with more than 30 players suspended
Cow gets head stuck in chair in Northamptonshire
Private Prisons Threaten to Sue States Unless They Get More Inmates for Free Labor
Nearly all ground beef has fecal contamination
400 Church Leaders Are Expected To Resign This Sunday Due To Ashley Madison Hack
Article: Donald Trump's ex-wife once said he kept a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed
Son 'assaults mum with potato salad' in bust-up at family dinner time
Roger Federer: "I'm proud of my African roots"
Woman quits dating website OkCupid after 'creepy' 500-word message from stranger
Iowa teen running as Deez Nuts loves politics but not spotlight
Trump Kept Hitler's Speeches by his Bed: Says Only Short Jews Can Count His Money, Not Blacks
Leaked Emails Suggest Ashley Madison Founder Had Multiple Affairs
Gadget 'allergy': French woman wins disability grant
Man tries selfie with rattlesnake, gets bitten
US man bitten while attempting selfie with rattlesnake
'Fire hazard' home burns as couple signs deed to purchase it
New study says studies are wrong
A Guide to Detecting an Alien Apocalypse
Before hack, Ashley Madison was building an app called 'What's Your Wife Worth'
Another onion theft: 2,000 kg onions stolen from Nashik farmer's storehouse
With no DEA in sight, Bolivia keeps reducing coca fields - See more at: http://en.institutomanquehue.org/countries/bolivia/with-no-dea-in-sight,-bolivia-keeps-reducing-coca-crops.html#sthash.CPoCbrGu.dpuf
Ashley Madison was working on an app called What's Your Wife Worth
Surprising Benefits of Sexually Transmitted Diseases
Man with almost-perfect poop donates it to help patients with C-diff infection
Six-year-old girl sued over Austria skiing accident
Six-year-old child sued by woman over Austria skiing accident
Australian State May Force Convicted Pedophiles to Undergo Chemical Castration
Serial Pooper on the loose in Maine, dubbed "The Portland Pooper"
NSW government taskforce plan to bring in law forcing chemical castration for child sex offenders
Google's self-driving cars are really confused by 'hipster bicycles'
Suspected Car Thief Dances During Police Chase In Downtown Los Angeles
Rep. Hunt Wants to Look at Transgender Kids' Genitalia
Donald Trump-Charlie Sheen 2016? 'Anger Management' Star Wants to Run for Vice President
Man charged in Tim Hortons snake toss given conditional sentence
Dead pregnant teen wakes up inside coffin screaming for help - WPEC-TV CBS12 News :: News Features
Malaysian Home Ministry bans 'yellow clothing' ahead of widespread demonstration tomorrow
Rapper Chief Keef names his baby 'Sno Filmon Dot Com Cozart' to promote his new album
School bans girl's Wonder Woman lunchbox
Swaziland(Landlocked) 'To Build $3bn Shipping Port'
Joe Brown reportedly begins 5-day jail term for contempt of court
Charges dropped against Florida man who played Star Spangled Banner on 4th of July
Man Kidnaps, Feeds Person He Thought Was Homeless
US military chiefs 'planned to blow up the moon with nuclear bomb' as show of Cold War muscle, physicist claims
Officer accidentally helps robber
What can be used in place of onions?
Florida Man Breaks Into School So He Can Call Grandma
Swaziland 'To Build $3bn Shipping Port'
A 'Black Lives Matter' textbook is coming for middle and high schoolers
Police: Former Student Breaks Into School To Contact Grandmother
The First "Beginnings" strip: because you're all awesome and said you wanted to see more of these :)
Sarah Palin says Curt Schilling punishment shows ESPN 'buys into the propaganda of ISIS'
Pirate Bay Founder Released From Jail But Immediately Re-Arrested
Donald Trump does not wear a wig - it's official
Teacher who was late 111 times says he was eating breakfast
1 man sentenced in Tim Hortons snake-throwing incident
Neighbors conspire to shut down Jerry Seinfeld and son's lemonade stand
Dayton Police Officer Pulls Over Black Man for Making Eye Contact
Cat Comes Back after Missing for 10 Months, Another after 15 Months
Suspect was adjusting gun in underwear when it killed friend
Switzerland: Special trains for Chinese tourists
Study Finds: Studies Are Wrong
Ohio cop tells black man he tailed him and pulled him over for 'direct eye
Ohio cop tells black man he tailed him and pulled him over for 'direct eye contact'
Couple treats guests to 13 different weed strains at their wedding
Blazing mouse sets fire to house
Carson: There's a war on 'what's inside of women'
London 2012 Olympics: Sprinter referred to as 'Tyson Homosexual' because of website's ban on word gay
CNN: Gay porn sites registered to Virginia shooter
Garbage men wanted free booze to take out trash, N.J. bar owner says
Man with 'world's longest penis' says women are too afraid to have sex with him
Teacher in Soweto, Johannesburg, is arrested for assaulting journalists covering a story on pupils being beaten for arriving late to school
NYC Lawmaker Wants To Ban Sale Of Big Sugary Drinks To Minors
Police say man pushing cart mistaken for homeless was kidnapped, forced to eat
Sarah Palin to interview Donald Trump on conservative TV channel tonight!
Oregon police on the prowl for "Portland Pooper"
Iowa City police: Man smoked meth because he was 'bored'
Man Drops Marijuana In X-Ray Bucket At Tulsa Courthouse Checkpoint
POLICE SAY CONNECTICUT MAN PUSHING CART MISTAKEN FOR HOMELESS WAS KIDNAPPED, FORCED TO EAT
Cancel all plans tonight: Sarah Palin is interviewing Donald Trump
A Ninth Circuit Judge Cited John Oliver In A Ruling
New Jersey teacher who was late for work 111 times blames it on breakfast
FDA Approves OxyContin for Children While Cannabis Remains Illegal
Christian bus driver says he'll quit if he has to drive Calgary's Pride-themed rainbow bus
Comment Card Scolds National Park For Failing To Train Bears Better
Police say Connecticut man pushing card mistaken for homeless was kidnapped, forced to eat
Detectives investigating missing persons cases 'should consider the advice of psychics', says College of Policing
Wheelbarrow tipped in suspected vandalism
A Judge Cited a John Oliver Segment in a Recent Court Decision
Elderly Man Mistaken for Homeless Kidnapped, Forced to Eat: Police
Jerry Seinfeld's Family Lemonade Stand Shut Down By Police On L.I.
Pope Francis sends letter praising gay children's book
Goth teenagers at higher risk of depression, study suggests
Florida parents 'left their baby alone outside a bar at night and checked on him sporadically between doing shots'
Photographer captures baby pooping on dad in epic photo shoot
Ashley Madison CEO Resigns in Wake of Hack, News of Affairs
666 ballots were cast to vote in the new chair of Finland's Christian Democratic Party.
Vegan, Straight Edge, Libertarian, Bike Messenger Unsure What To Lead With In Tinder Bio
One in 9 student loan borrowers would eat a tarantula to pay their debt off faster
Michael Jordan, Marshawn Lynch and a sketch of Tom Brady are nominated for president
Fellow enjoys VR sex simulation so much he won't stop when asked to
Homeland Security's Peculiar Prosecution of Rentboy.com
Virginia shooting victim's father says he will need to buy gun to defend himself
Authorities Haven't Found Origin of 'God Awful' Smell in Staten Island
Phoenix bus driver attacked by passenger on the job; Kamilo Garcia charged with endangerment
Palestinian Women, Children Stop IDF Soldier Detaining a Minor
Hanksy paints mural of Donald Trump as 'giant pile of s---'
'Demi' Canadian bill becoming local currency in Quebec's Gaspé region
Transgender student uses girls' locker room, causes controversy
A gay couple find out on national TV that they are actually half-brothers
American Teen Gets 11 Year Sentence For Pro-ISIS Tweets That Taught People How To Use Bitcoin
Taiwan Metro Cards to show Japanese Porn Star
"Goth" teenagers are sad, says science
California man bitten while taking selfie with rattlesnake
Canadian government suspends scientist for writing a critical folk song.
Indian Tribunal Orders 2 Sisters Raped As Punishment For Brother's Elopement
Iran and Israel United in Opposition to Daniel Barenboim Concert
L.A. Mayor Caitlyn Jenner Should Carry Olympic Torch
Italian woman locks up man for refusing sex
Goth teens are more prone to be depressed or hurt themselves, study shows
No time to miss him: Phoenix jail inmate re-arrested minutes after release
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper announces same policy in same city, same factory as he did in 2011
City investigates mysterious smell on Staten Island
Adolf Hitler admirer upset Capilano University turfed him as Buddhist meditation instructor
Taiwan metro cards to show Japan porn star Yui Hatano
Omelet prices rise at Bay City diner after bird flu kills millions of chickens
Need to take down a drone? A munitions company offers firepower
Police Arrest Man, 34, Following Unprovoked Potato Salad Attack On His Mother
New Jersey teacher disciplined for 111 instances of tardiness blames breakfast
Trump: 'Leave Tom Brady alone!'
Homeless man jumps for joy over new tiny house
Message from Allah found on an egg
LA Mayor Wants Jenner to Carry Olympic Torch
Nonprofit hospital titan UPMC's income eclipses record
Feminist Website: 'Trigger' in 'Trigger Warning' is Triggering | MRCTV
George Zimmerman Calls President Obama An 'Ignorant Baboon'
Want to avoid a hangover? Don't drink too much, scientists conclude
University of Tennessee tells staff and students to stop using 'he' and 'she' - and switch to 'xe', 'zir' and 'xyr' instead
Black Man Pulled Over by White Cop for 'Making Direct Eye Contact'
French Cannabis Dealer Caught After Handing Out Flyers
Teen Flying Confederate Flag On Pick Up Truck Runs Over 4-Year-Old African-American Boy And Is Attacked By Witnesses
Teen driver known for flying Confederate flag beaten after hitting 4-year-old black boy
British band say they'd rather join ISIL than listen to Montreal musician Mac DeMarco
Throwback Thursday #5 - failed global warming driven hurricane predictions 10 years after Katrina
Rape the sister, says UP khap panchayat for brother's action
Man Busted After His Dog Tests Positive For Meth
Canadian Scientist Suspended for folk song against prime minister
Donald Trump Takes On The Mexican Oreo Menace
Cow gets head stuck in chair, fire service Twitter followers respond with puns
4 months in jail before test reveals 'ice' was just salt
This Student Is the Only Person Eligible to Vote on Proposed Tax Increase.
Cleveland Redditors Are Documenting A Lost Dildo on Carnegie Ave.
Ohio Cop Pulls Black Man Over for "Making Direct Eye Contact"
Ohio Cop Pulls Over Black Man for Making Direct Eye Contact
Tila Tequila thrown out of celebrity big brother
Man who paid $100K to look like Justin Bieber found dead
Motorcyclist killed in anti-helmet rally
India rape order sparks outcry
Percy Foster Dead? Dwarf Gordon Ramsay Look-A-Like Reportedly Found Dead In Badger Den
Police: Men Hunted Victim In Midtown Sacramento On Periscope
Man in Vladivostok reported his neighbors to the police for eating banned goose meat
Feminist Website: 'Trigger' in 'Trigger Warning' is Triggering
Escaping DUI arrestee abandons his disco ball
Man gets stuck in a piece of furniture in the city
Music festival accuses performing DJ of trying to sneak in, locks him in a cage
CSGOlounge wbijamy 2500$ jeszcze raz!
Polling data shows 29% (1/3) of GOP voters in Louisiana blame President Obama on Katrina (Katrina hit in August 2005)
Charlie Sheen wants to be Donald Trump's running mate
Suicide at brothel highlights the status of sex workers in Israel - Israel News - Jerusalem Post
No privacy left in the world: Drone finds man sunbathing atop wind turbine
An easyJet plane had to be grounded after the aircraft was damaged mid-flight - by a popped champagne cork
Drone pilot spots man sunbathing on top of wind turbine 200ft above ground
A bakery in Montreal given a fine of $250 for "illegal furniture occupying the public domain" after the store set up a table outside for a woman in a wheelchair to enjoy her ice cream.
Study finds women turn to lesbians due to lack of boyfriends
Tila Tequila kicked off show after 'describing Hitler as a good man'
Despite asking for money, Trump denies event is a fundraiser
The UN is using virtual reality to make the rich and powerful feel empathy
We didn't get rid of all the voters?
Man With Longest Penis In World Claims It Scares Women Off Sex
Marvel villains are now quoting David Cameron
Cat wins 'Hero Dog of the Year' award
TSA agent accused of molesting college student during 'search' at LaGuardia Airport
WHY YOU SHOULD NEVER RUN OVER A KID WHILE FLYING A CONFEDERATE FLAG
Word Around Colorado School Of Mines Is Some Freshman Got His Dick Stuck In A Shampoo Bottle
Former homeless man with 'golden voice' enters presidential race
EX-HOMELESS MAN WITH GOLDEN VOICE: I'M RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT
Portland Residents Are Desperate to Find the Man Pooping All Over Their City
Canada government suspends scientist for folk song about prime minister
Some Brands Are Labeling Products "GMO-free" Even if They Don't Have Genes
Passenger live tweets awkward midair breakup
Peter Parker relates dramatic rescue of baby after boats collide on Lake Scugog
Police hunt for thief that stole shoes from drive-thru passenger
New York Jets Quarterback Apologizes for Liking Domino's Pizza
Hulk Hogan wants to be Donald Trump's running mate in the US Presidential election
Search Warrant Served At Fontana Body Shop Accused Of Selling Laughing Gas To Drivers
'Trigger' in 'Trigger Warning' is Triggering
City officials investiage cause of mysterious stench on Staten Island. "I don't know why your borough smells bad" -Cornel University Rep
Prisoner known as 'Booty Warrior' to be released
Florida make nudity legal at public beaches... As long as you're licensed
'Donald Trump called Miley Cyrus to say he 'loved' her racy twerking performance at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards'
Bank of Canada is pleading with Star Trek fans to stop "Spocking" its five dollar bills.
Late-night bro fight shows why Philly really is the City of Brotherly Love
Uber just hired the 2 guys who hacked a moving Jeep
No One Knows What Was Making Staten Island Stink
Research: Guns really do kill people
Trenton, NJ teacher who was late 111 times says he was eating breakfast
Irish Bus driver fired after taking hands off wheel to use his iPad. He "thought the company should have no issue as it was not a mobile phone he was using".
Christie: Track immigrants the way FedEx tracks packages
BLACK ACTIVISTS CALL FOR LYNCHING AND HANGING OF WHITE PEOPLE AND COPS
Man found guilty for killing his ex's dog and feeding it to her.
The Vatican is in damage-control mode after the Pope sent his blessings to same-sex family
Bowmanville Zoo Owner Calls Pony-Riding Baboon A 'C**ksucker' On Live TV
Teacher Keeps $90K/Year Job After Being Late 111 Times, Because of Breakfast
Man Kidnaps, Feeds Person He Thought Was Homeless: Cops
Teacher Was Late 111 Times Because He Was Eating Breakfast
20-year-old successfully sues his mom for a $5,000 Bar Mitzvah gift
A 20-year-old guy successfully sued his own mom for a $5,000 Bar Mitzvah gift
Mother Owes Son $5,000 Bar Mitzvah Gift From 'Baba', Judge Says
Heavy rain may have caused death of 750 fish
Russia destroys 1.5 tonnes of food meant for BMW car racing team
60 Yr Old Cocaine Dealing Grandma Busted with 100 Kilos.
China may be trying to hide its submarines in the South China Sea Read more here: http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/nation-world/world/article25186678.html#storylink=cpy
Detroit man stopped in Ohio after making direct eye contact with police officer
China may be trying to hide its submarines in the South China Sea
Hangover cures: The only way to avoid suffering the morning after is 'to drink less alcohol', say scientists
Hulk Hogan: I want to be Trump's running mate
American Astronauts Drink Their Pee - But Russians Refuse
Donald Trump: Anthony Weiner is "obviously psychologically disturbed"
Cleveland attorney accused of hypnotizing female clients for sexual gratification has been arrested
Tila Tequila kicked off Celebrity Big Brother after praising Hitler on Facebook and posting a picture wearing Nazi gear in front of Auschwitz
Donald Trump and Sarah Palin Talk Politics
Drake Sings for Katrina Victims, Apple Threatens $20 Million Dollar Suit
Why Deez Nuts Is Actually Critically Important For the Future of the Country
Infamous Kevorkian van sells to ghost hunter
Vancouver dog on sidewalk isn't dead; he's just sleeping
Pentagon to lift ban on transgender troops in May
Rabbit Hash dog mayor to announce something big
Shane MacGowan rushed to hospital after breaking pelvis in 'complicated' dance move
Valley Pastor Apologizes for Sign Following Marijuana Incident
George W. Bush visits disaster zone, 10 years after Katrina
Mila when we first got her
Man driving to AA meeting killed by alleged drunk driver
Babies Who Survived Abortions and are Now Adults: Time for Our Voice to be Heard
Getting Paid to poo in India
AI robot that learns new words in real-time tells human creators it will keep them in a "people zoo"
Children Beating Up Robot Inspires New Escape Maneuver System
Man jailed for suspected crystal meth possession released after police confirm it was just salt
SUNY Cortland Fraternity Bros repeats Old Dominion's banner encouraging fathers to "Drop off your daughters" during opening weekend.
Christie Proposes Tracking Immigrants the Way FedEx Tracks Packages
11 policemen from Delhi and UP 'take prisoner shopping', suspended
Op-Ed: Lexmark's war against a man who recycles toner cartridges
Teacher Keeps $90K Job After Being Late 111 Times
Washington State University Professors Threaten Taking Off Points For Saying "Male/Female", "Illegal Immigrants" In Class
Sarah Palin gushes over Donald Trump in highly anticipated interview
Girls named Destiny questioned in cliffside vandalism case | The Star-Telegram
Man held for four months over crystal meth possession is freed after police tests reveal it was just salt (x-post r/news)
India village council orders rapes of two sisters
Christie Says He Would Track Immigrants Like FedEx Packages
Hold Me Closer, Tiny Crustacean: Sea Creature Named After Elton John
Chris Christie Proposes Tracking Immigrants the Way FedEx Tracks Packages
Prince Charles to NZ: Stop making fun of me
Oakland California Police Officer spits on man, claims its not assault.
Drone Catches Monk Sunbathing on 240-Foot Rhode Island Wind Turbine
Christie: Track immigrants like FedEx packages
Man jailed for suspected crystal meth possession released after police confirm it was just salt [x/news]
Calling dopey dealers: Kentucky sheriff's office will 'help eliminate your drug competition'
Franklin County sheriff's department asks drug dealers to turn in their competitors
Xenia Deli: Meet The Playboy Model In Justin Bieber's New Video
Idiotic Islamophobes Call 911 After Seeing Sign In Hebrew
Donald Trump piñatas hard to find in Sonoma County
Russell Wilson Doubles Down On Claims That His Water Prevents Concussions
West Point professor calls on US military to target legal critics of war on terror
'I've never felt more isolated': The man who sold Minecraft to Microsoft for $2.5 billion reveals the empty side of success
Usain Bolt Knocked Over By Cameraman On Segway After Winning World Championship 200m Gold
Yankees Braves game not delayed when fan falls from upper deck, dies
Woman 'allergic to wi-fi' granted disability allowance by French court
Cristiano Ronaldo commissions £20,000 waxwork... of himself
Justin Bieber lookalike: Tobias Strebel Found Dead
Guy Claims His Goal is to Bang 1,000 Black Women to Prove BlackLivesMatter
Jasha Lottin, Portland Nudist, Broke No Laws by Killing, Gutting Horse, then Posing Naked Inside Carcass (NSFW Pics)
Hulk Hogan wants to be Donald Trump's running mate
Walker says wall along Canadian border worth reviewing
Confederate Flags Removed from Student Vehicles at West Monroe High School Home of the "West Monroe Rebels"
Russell Wilson introduces us to the one, true miracle cure: 'NanoBubbles'!
Chris Christie Wants to Track Immigrants Like Fedex Packages
I am Sarah ! I miss and i want f*uck ...help me
I am Irea sexy girl ..oh my god!
I'm Faith sexy girl ...help me
I am Leslie ! I want sex ...help me
I am Leslie sexy girl ...help
Putin pumps iron to show Russians his healthy, wholesome side
I am Isabel sexy girl ...help
I am Brooke ! I want sex ..oh my god!
I'm Sierra sexy girl ..oh my god!
Little girl not really sure why she covered baby brother in peanut butter
Wisconsin governor: Building wall along Canadian border a legitimate issue
Wisconsin governor calls building wall at Canadian border legitimate issue
NASA has a mission called 'OMG.' Here's how it got its name.
Sharks Found Inside An Active Volcano ... Alive- Worst fears confirmed
Mexican Man Says 19-Inch Penis Is Destroying His Life
Goth teens three times more likely to be depressed
I am Morgan sexy girl ...help
Man shot after neighbor catches him exposing himself to young kids on Detroit's West Side
Scott Walker says building Canada border wall is a 'legitimate issue'
Free Sex Service! I'm Anna! Free Sign UP!
Free Sex Service! I'm Anna! I want you!
Ben Carson: "What Happened To Blacks During Slavery Is Why I am Pro-Life On Abortion Today"
Scott Walker: Building a U.S.-Canada Border Wall is a 'Legitimate Issue'
Dayton police officer admits to pulling over black motorist for making "direct eye contact"
Ohio Cop Pulls Over Black Man Who 'Made Direct Eye Contact' With Him
Detroit Man Stopped For 'Making Eye Contact' With Cop In Ohio
Americans decide regular straws are obsolete, are now opting for meat straws.
The Bloody Mary Meat Straw: An All-American Story
Shooters Quicker To Pull Trigger When Target Is Black, Study Finds
Adult Dating Site! I'm Chloe! Free Sign UP!
Adult Adult Site! I am Lana! Free Sign UP!
Russia's Putin and Medvedev work out together
Some Animals Are Not Amused By Your Habit Of Taking Selfies
/r/NotTheOnion is looking for new moderators!
Young black man jailed since April for alleged $5 theft found dead in cell
These Everyday Pet Peeves Just Might Get Your Blood Boiling
Tax Planning For The Risk Of A Bernie Sanders Win
Judge recommends disbarment for Bubba attorneys in DUI setup case
Innovative "Read And Ride" Program Aims To Tackle Childhood Obesity And Poor Literacy At Once
Army searching for missile that fell from Apache helicopter in Upstate NY
Twitter Sends James Woods a Scathing Letter Over Attempt to Unmask Anonymous User
Scientists have solved one of the burning questions of our time: how to avoid a hangover. And their answer? Drink less.
Maryland Man Fined $50 for Picking Berries in Park
New Jersey man wants to track immigrants like FedEx tracks packages
Woman stabs boyfriend for not liking Instagram selfie fast enough
when people hoard cash, we call them role models
Springboks are being sued by a political party which will see them miss the Rugby World Cup because there aren't enough black players in the team
Rand Paul poses in front of NSA data center that he pledges to shut down
Billionaire who sold Minecraft to Microsoft is sad and lonely
[FREE SEX] Fuck me! i am Nicole sexy girl ..oh my god!
King Tut was mummified with erect penis for religious reasons, says study
Study Shows How Even Frogs Make Irrational Mating Choices
Because of an electoral mishap, a US tax vote will be decided by a single woman
Scott Walker: U.S.-Canada wall a 'legitimate' idea
Putin couldn't look any more manly on his gym date with his PM if he tried
The Woman Who Had Orgasms in Her Left Foot
Police: Accused vandal wanted menorah as gift
Trailing Trump, Walker looks north, says wall along Canadian border worth considering
Scott Walker Open To Building Wall Along Border With Canada
Obama Administration Renames Mount McKinley to Denali
Wes Craven, Horror Maestro, Dies at 76
Obama to rename Mt. McKinley to 'Denali' during Alaska trip that focuses on climate change
Oakville mayor sorry for tweets comparing veterans to Nazis, mercenaries
Stone 'Tank Tracks' Were Made By Vehicles 14 Million Years Ago, Geologist Claims
Benedictine monk relaxing atop Rhode Island turbine spotted by drone
Men and Women suffer equal online harassment- only women get upset about it more
Brazil mayor who ran town via WhatsApp wanted for corruption
Kanye West: "I Have Decided in 2020 to Run for President"
VMA 2015: Kanye West says he's running for president in 2020
Israeli soldier arresting boy with broken arm?
Taylor Swift Presents Kanye West VMAs Video Vanguard Award, Rapper Announces He's "Running For President" In 2020
Kanye West announces 2020 Presidential Run
Kanye West announces he's running for President in 2020 after admitting he'd smoked a joint before epic acceptance speech at MTV VMAs
I'm a Feminist, but I Like When He Comes on My Face
Kanye rants at VMAs: He got high, is running for president
Save Us From Canada!
Kanye West: I'm running for president
Why are sex scenes for the over-60s such a taboo?
New crustacean species named after Elton John
Marijuana Price Rises 5% to $2,045
VMAs 2015: Kanye West announces 2020 run for US president
Mexican man with 'world's longest penis' wants to register as disabled
After an 8 minute MTV VMA speech, Kanye West announces he's running for president
Marriage proposal in Phoenix leads to stabbing
26 cockroaches were living in this guy's ear ...
Incontinence lingerie on NZ catwalk as part of fashion week
Obama says he's renaming Mount McKinley
Caltrans Offers $25K Prize For Best Solution To California's Traffic Woes
NASA to Congress: 'Don't Make Us Hitch Rides With Russia'
Kanye West announces he will run for President in 2020
Switzerland Launches Special Trains for Asians
'I've decided to run for president' ~Kanye West
Kanye West announces run for President in 2020
Kanye West to run for President in 2020
Kanye West: I'm Running for President in 2020
Kanye West Is Running For President In 2020
Hangovers deprive drinkers of 22 hours of summer.
Tere Lynn Russell and her three daughters have a genetic phenomenon that keeps their hair growing indefinitely.
Maker of 'Just Mayo' spread warned by FDA that mayonnaise needs eggs
This Guy Is Drunk All the Time Because His Body Produces Its Own Alcohol
Man With 18.9-inches "Love Stick" The Largest in the World, Admits Women are Scared
Windows 10 Now on More Than 75 Million Devices - Big Numbers Could Be Attributed to Free Download
Uber is offering Mad Max rides in Seattle
Social Media Marketing Experts - Worlds No.1 Social Media Experts
Porn star to be featured on Taiwan travel cards to 'cheer commuters up'
Thai police give cash reward to themselves after making arrest without any help
Kim Kardashia Makeup Tutorial
Showers installed outside Auschwitz remind visitors of gas chambers
Kanye tells MTV Video Music Awards he wants to 'run for president'
Swiss rail service offer special trains for 'rude' Chinese
Son of X Factor's twerking grandmother is serving life in jail for murdering her husband
Thai Police Award Themselves $84K for Arrest of Bomb Suspect
#BlackLivesMatter Protesters Disrupt MN State Fair, Chant 'Pigs In A Blanket, Fry 'Em Like Bacon'
Uber Hires the Hackers Who Wirelessly Hijacked a Jeep
University of Tennessee adopts new words to replace gender specific pronouns
Visitors Shocked By Working Showers at Auschwitz Entrance
Russian in Spaceman Suit Wins Air Guitar World Championship
Scott Walker: $250 Million to Bucks Arena is 'Fiscally Responsible'
Starkist settlement means customers get $25 in cash or $50 in tuna
Rogue Pooper On The Loose In Portland, Plus 10 Other Poop Bandits
New study out of Denmark says smoking pot could damage your semen quality
Shane MacGowan in hospital: Pogues frontman fractures pelvis after 'complicated dance move'
Study: Goth teens more prone to be depressed, hurt themselves
Man with earache goes to hospital and discovers 26 cockroaches living in his ear
Young Giants Fan Can't Believe He Didn't Catch Foul Ball
Hundreds protest over smashing of Russian demon figure
Kanye West Yeezy Sneakers Offered for Kidney
Federal judge cites Last Week Tonight episode in her opinion
Ashley Madison claims nearly 90,000 women have signed up since the data leak.
Inmate Gets Arrested Again After Refusing To Leave Jail
Judge rules Missouri family's purple swingset can stay
Obama Renames America's Tallest Mountain
Wisconsin governor calls building wall at Canadian Border a legitimate issue
Porcupine suspected in water buffalo breakout at Wachusett Mountain
The Couple Who Quit Their Jobs to Travel the World Ended Up Poor and Scrubbing Toilets
Tory councillor 'sorry' over Facebook photograph of boat full of naked women with caption: 'If Carlsberg did illegal immigrants'
Christie defends comparing tracking immigrants to FedEx
Ashley Madison Says Site Continues to Attract New Members After Hack
Outstanding Humanoid Ufo Evidence Recorded Over Los Angeles On 3 Cameras Reported By The Inquisitr
Obama joins 'Running With With Bear Grylls'
Man shot in groin on west side says he was just asking for directions
Local Funeral Home Accused Of Claiming People Died To Get Insurance Claims
Swiss rail firm launches separate trains for Chinese tourists after locals accuse them of crowding corridors and spitting on the floor inside carriages
The Couple Who Quit Their Ad Jobs to Travel the World Ended Up Poor and Scrubbing Toilets
LED ZEPPELIN - CD1 03 In My Time Of Dying
Catholicvote creates inspirational video for Catholics 'victimised' by gay marriage ruling
Blind people can be racist, too, study says
Obama to trek into wilderness with Bear Grylls
U.N. to the Dutch: This blackface thing is a problem
Fan who fell to death at Yankees game died booing A-Rod
Illinois lottery winners receive IOU amid lack of budget
Obama to appear on NBC survival show
First 'Mind Controlled' Car Unveiled In China
How your brain tricks you into seeing crabs on Mars, not to mention Jesus on toast
The longest penis in the world is more than the average sized penis bigger than 2nd place.
Man finds ex after 20 years, sits outside her house with swords, report says
Man with 2 swords, 4 knives and pepper spray arrested outside ex-girlfriend's house in Springfield
Mike Tyson Plans to Visit Crimea in November
Thai Officials Make Bangkok Bombing Arrest and Give Out $84,000 Reward - to Themselves
Legendary boxer Mike Tyson may visit Crimea in November
Kanye West declares 2020 presidential bid at VMAs
President Obama to Run Wild with Bear Grylls
Official Portrait For Pope's US Visit... Being Investigated For Copyright Infringement
Nation With Crumbling Bridges and Roads Excited to Build Giant Wall
Pa. Judge Sentenced To 28 Years In Massive Juvenile Justice Bribery Scandal : The Two-Way : NPR
Stop copying Apple! : Chinese phone maker Doogee tells companies
McKinley Presidental Library Just Glad People Are Finally Talking About Him
John Daly Collapses At Tournament, Shows Up Next Day To Play And Smoke Cigs
Weekends in Jail for Rape?
President Obama to Run Wild in Alaska With Bear Grylls
Islamic State reveals new gold coins in bid to break 'enslavement' of capitalism
Thai police pay themselves reward for bombing arrest
Professor Urban Meyer Makes Students Wearing Blue to His Class Do Push-Ups
Kanye West declares 2020 presidential bid.
Police: Man Steals Tools, Leaves Stools
Ashley Madison Claims 'Hundreds of Thousands' of New Users Have Created Accounts in the Last Week
Ohio attorney accused of hypnotizing women for sexual pleasure forfeits his law license
North Korea-themed park opens in Syria as 'show of friendship' between Assad and Kim
'Visual inspection' could be part of state law to determine gender identity
Obama to test wilderness skills on Bear Grylls TV show
Auschwitz "cooling showers" leave visitors steaming
President Obama to Appear on 'Running Wild With Bear Grylls'
Look Chic, Go Crazy: Here's What to Wear to Burning Man
Kanye West wants to run for president in 2020
Nation with crumbling bridges excited to build giant wall
Hospital treats 'dead' woman for three days
NASA Crashes a Plane to Make Finding Crashed Planes Easier
Barack Obama to test survivor skills on Bear Grylls show
Obama will attempt to survive the Alaskan Wilderness with Bear Grylls
Thieves open 1,000 beers, don't drink any
Google to kill single most annoying thing about CNN.com
Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate
Scott Walker Wants to Build a 3,987 Mile Wall - on the Canada Border
Ashley Madison says site is 'still growing'
Pakistan's fake drugs markets sell medicines made of poison and brick dust
Scott Walker's U.S.-Canada border wall would stop literally hundreds of illegal immigrants
Chris Christie: Let's Track Immigrants Like FedEx Packages
Michigan House Business Office Releases Report on Gamrat/Courser
Auschwitz mist showers anger visitors
Israelis shocked by misting showers at Auschwitz
Goodwill goes upscale with new boutiques
2 arrested for enjoying meal on boat while family slept
Front yard dinosaurs gain attention from New Territory neighbors
This Artist Created Fabulous Realistic Illustration Out Of Paper
Lockheed upbeat despite F-35 losing dogfight to red baron
'Showers' placed at Auschwitz entrance
Man takes "selfie" while driving, crashes into tree
Vine shows less than thrilled man at Taylor Swift concert
A 24-year-old black Republican has launched a 'Ready for Kanye' PAC
Black Lives Matter Activists Chant 'Pigs in a Blanket' After Cop Murder
Ukraine crisis: Deadly anti-autonomy protest outside parliament
Overturned truck covers interstate in heads of cabbage
Young Bears Fan Battling Brain Cancer Names Tumor After Aaron Rodgers
Outrage after Auschwitz installs showers to 'cool down' visitors
Mexican Man Unhappy To Have The World's Largest Penis
Bell Canada still claims to have a right to charge customers for a non-existent service
Monument dedicated to Sheffield UFO sighting
The West Point Professor Who Contemplated a Coup
This Judge Cited John Oliver in a Court Decision
Canadian telecom giant argues in Court they can charge a 911 fee without providing 911 service.
Unicorn Mask Knife Chase Through Cemetery Leads To 911 Call
Police Swarm a Pair of Stargazers, Mistaking Their Telescope for a Rifle
Man can't find work, girlfriend because of giant penis
The Tesla Model S P85D is so good it broke Consumer Reports rating system
'Anti-gun stupidity': Honolulu destroys $575G worth of police firearms
Thai police reward themselves $117,000 for 'solving' bombing
Come Enjoy Auschwitz's Nice, Refreshing Showers, Says Auschwitz
14-year-old Bears fan names brain tumor Aaron Rodgers 'so we can kill it'
A Dog Mayor Plans to Run for President Because America
A line of mist showers were installed at Auschwitz to "cool down visitors."
Goths Are More Likely To Be Depressed
Midget stuck in Walmart overnight after getting stuck in toilet
Ice cream that does not melt 'could soon hit the shelves'
Fischer: Obama Changing The Name Of Mt. McKinley Because He Hates White Republican Americans - See more at: http://www.rightwingwatch.org/content/fischer-obama-changing-name-mt-mckinley-because-he-hates-white-republican-americans
Longer lasting ice-cream developed by scientists
David Bowie to write songs for SpongeBob Squarepants musical
Building a wall along Canadian border a legitimate issue, says Wisconsin governor
The rise of 'selfie lice' - it's a teen thing
Michigan Man Says He'll Trade Kanye West Sneakers for a 'Working Kidney'
Police: Teens use gun to steal man's fresh made sandwich at Richmond Subway
5-Hour Line Turns Barbecue Pilgrims Into Cash Cow For Locals
Woman Who Can't Spell "Whore" Allegedly Keyed Her "Wore" Friend's Car
Obama to appear on NBC survival show with Bear Grylls
Syria names park in capital after N Korea founder
Fort Drum to Upstate NY residents: Have you seen our lost missile?
Tutenkhamun's penis was fully ERECT when he was mummified so he would look like a god in afterlife
Supreme Court Gets a First-Amendment-Free Zone
Auschwitz Museum Responds to Mist Shower Outrage
UK sperm bank has just nine registered donors, boss reveals
Police chase knife-wielding 'unicorn' through B.C. cemetery
North Texas Police Department Explodes Suspicious Backpack, Which Was Later Found to Be Full of Underwear Which Became Embedded in the Wall of an Nearby Store.
Thai Police Give 3M Baht Bangkok Bomb Reward to Themselves
Teens use gun to steal man's fresh made sandwich at Richmond Subway
Area Man Gets Terrible Job
UPDATED: Hulk Hogan sees all men as brothers, brother
Man Finds Strange Couple in His Bed After Roommate Airbnbs His Condo
Bear Grylls: 'I hope' President Obama won't have to drink his own pee
Study: Blind people can be racist, too
Ashley Madison Says Business is Booming
Indiana boy, a die-hard Bears fan, names brain tumor 'Aaron Rodgers' "so he can kill it"
Pa. House Dems 'Whip' and 'Nae-Nae' for budget awareness
Auschwitz Probably Shouldn't Have Installed Mist Showers for Tourists
Angry man blockades car dealer with Batmobile after compensation for faulty Land Rover refused
More Americans naming babies after guns
Auschwitz Museum Defends Installing "Showers" To Cool Off Sweaty Tourists - BuzzFeed News
Women who undergo sex change lose ability to multitask
Gerrymandering Snafu Puts Proposed Tax Hike In The Hands Of A Single Voter
1 student will vote on sales tax increase in Columbia
Indian police hunts 'syringe psycho' who stabs women in the bum
Scott Walker: Building a Wall Along U.S. Border With Canada a 'Legitimate Issue'
This Guy Ate Chipotle For 101 Days And Says His Bowel Movements Are Great
Robot Revolution: 40% Fear Wipeout By Machines
Rowan County clerk unwittingly helped wed transgender man
South Dakota Legislator Proposes Genital Inspection for Transgender Athletes
Man steals $951 worth of Crest White Strips in Airdrie, Alta.
Wall along Canadian border worth reviewing: U.S. presidential candidate
Woman Uses Her Obituary To Campaign For Bernie Sanders
Someone Definitely, Maybe, Possibly Farted On-Air While Taylor Swift Introduced Her "Wildest Dreams" Video
Democrats: We support Black Lives Matter. Black Lives Matter: We don't support Democrats.
Thai police reward themselves $84K over bomb arrest
A study show waitresses at "Breastaurants" experience feelings of anxiety, anger, sadness, depressed mood, confusion and degradation [x-post /r/science]
Why Kanye West Should Not Wait Another 4 Years to Run for President
One Woman's Last Wish: Do Not Support Hillary Clinton "In lieu of flowers, please do not vote for Hillary Clinton."
Auschwitz Caretakers Defend 'Showers' at Museum
A study show waitresses at "Breastaurants" experience feelings of anxiety, anger, sadness, depressed mood, confusion and degradation
SF Bay Area gets "light sprinkling of rain"
Blog Thiet ke noi that a&more : Cach phan loai cac loai go oc cho tren thi truong hien nay
Mexican man says his 19-inch penis is too large for him to work, women are afraid of it
Mythical creature chases man through cemetery with giant knife
Auschwitz installs mist showers to cool visitors
Auschwitz cools visitors with mist showers
Auschwitz Museum Defends Installing "Showers" To Cool Off Sweaty Tourists
Executed North Korean Defense Chief Accused of Napping During Kim Jong Un Event
Thai police pay themselves £55,000 reward for bombing arrest
Study finds that the only reliable way to prevent a hangover is not to drink alcohol in the first place
French woman who claims she is allergic to Wi-Fi is handed monthly disability grants
A Chinese journalist has appeared on state television 'confessing' to causing the stock market chaos
Kate Gosselin Makes Triumphant Return For 2015 VMA's - On Bieber's Head
Rand Paul: Donald Trump setting GOP up for worst defeat since 1964
Russian Bear Swims to China, Frightens Locals
RELIGIOUS WOMAN WHO REFUSED TO ISSUE GAY COUPLES CERTIFICATE IS STILL BEING PURNISHED
In war-torn Syria, a garden grows... for North Korea founder
Vietnam: Family seeks royalties for national anthem
Petraeus: Use Al Qaeda Fighters to Beat ISIS
Man claims his 19-inch penis making his life hard
I have no words for this...
One in 50 people have a rare disorder that prevents them from picturing a beach in their head
I Used Physics to Calculate How Much Yoda Weighs
This guy lost 47 pounds in 9 months by pretending to be a wizard
When Life Gives You Shit, Turn It Into Perfume
Found $20 Bill Leads To $1m Lottery Jackpot
Judge bars Apple, Samsung from further filings after rapid-fire case entries
Pope Francis to allow all priests to forgive women who have had abortions and are 'contrite'
Texas emerges as top destination for Californians fleeing state
Auschwitz Summer Cooling 'Showers' Anger Visitors
Auschwitz 'showers' offend some visitors to the former Nazi camp
Students will be marked down if they write 'mankind' in North Carolina State women's studies class
Rowan Co. clerk defies Supreme Court, still refuses to issue marriage. This is KY, after all.
Tourists horrified by showers at Auschwitz entrance
RGIII blames intern for criticism Instagram 'Like'
Nonsexual cuddle parties catching on in Utah
Chris Christie: I would track immigrants like FedEx packages
Crews battle flames at Fire station
Manassas Teen Impersonating Officer Tries to Pull Over Real Officer, Police Say
You need seex? I am Samantha I need seex! Help me!
Jewish Man Sues Mom Over Bar Mitzvah Money Read more: http://forward.com/news/breaking-news/320121/jewish-boy-sues-mom-over-bar-mitzvah-money/#ixzz3kUbiP58R
Tutankhamun was mummified with fully erect penis - here's why
Gangs of Street Drinkers Are Raiding London Hospitals to Get Wasted on Alcoholic Hand Gel
Woman stabs boyfriend for not like Instagram post fast enough.
Ex-CIA chief wants US to rope in Al-Qaeda to take on ISIS
Toronto police release gallery of stolen property, including a single orange skittle
Tesco supermarkets will stock vinyl
Couple who quit their jobs to travel are now broke and blame social media
Onion Story On Humboldt Park Being 'Too Safe' To Afford Too Real For Locals
Creepy harassment by sleep country employee
China's army drafts in troop of monkeys to keep skies clear for victory parade
New James O'Keefe video sting catches Clinton campaign being kind to a Canadian
THIS is why Trump is bad for America
Bloggers who quit jobs to travel the world are now broke, cleaning toilets
54% of republicans believe Obama is a muslim
Man Jailed for Possession of Meth Released after Confirmation it Was Salt
Woman was getting high on canned air at Kansas Walmart, police say
Nintendo NX's First Games Announced By Square Enix
Officers respond to wrong house, shoot dog, homeowner, and fellow officer
Bill Cosby portrait in 'rapeseed' pulled from State Fair
The struggles of the world's hairiest family
Newlyn Fish Festival portable toilet moved with woman inside
I'M A SEX SLAVE TO A HORNY TOKOLOSHE!
US university missing 'radioactive' package: report
911 call: Unicorn chasing screaming man through cemetery
Half of all Germans use Das Auto for sex
Iowa Poll: Many Republicans still doubt Obama was born in U.S.
Atlantic City Bomb Squad responds to Lower Township for live cannonball
Sir Ian McKellen says Taylor Swift kicked him out of New York apartment
Police: Va. teen impersonates officer, tries to stop real cop
Perkins: Obama Shook His 'Fist In The Face Of God' With White House Rainbow Light Display - See more at: http://www.rightwingwatch.org/content/perkins-obama-shook-his-fist-face-god-white-house-rainbow-light-display
Auschwitz museum defends mist showers installed during heat wave after visitor complains they are reminiscent of gas chambers
Defying court, Kentucky clerk denies gay-marriage licenses 'under God's authority'
Anxious About Military Parade, China Deploys Crack Team of Monkeys
Trump Supporters Think Obama is A Muslim Born in Another Country
Donald Trump: I'll Change Denali Back to Mount McKinley
President Obama to Appear on NBC's 'Running Wild with Bear Grylls'
Canadians Are Cutting $20 Bills in Half to Make Two $10s
James Bond author says Idris Elba is 'too street' to play 007
UNC student: 'Literature of 9/11' course sympathizes with terrorists
Congressman frightens elementary school kids with talk of suicide bombers
Men Accused of Threatening Pokemon Championships Denied Bail
Black man is stopped by Ohio police for making 'direct eye contact' with officer
Virginia teen tried to pull over real cop
Greenwich Lawmaker Who Named Son After Mountain Unhappy With Name Change
Ex-CIA chief David Petraeus pitches plan to use al Qaeda in battle against ISIS
Ohio officer in video says 'direct eye contact' one reason he pulled over black driver - with video
Uber driver robbed by UCLA star football player
NC lottery introduces BBQ-scented lottery tickets
University of Tennessee ditches gender pronouns.
Cutting Losses, Kochs to Sell Scott Walker
'Ready for Kanye' committee formed
Congressman scares school kids with terror talk
B.C. man says he has world's longest cucumber and pickle
Lenny Dykstra accused of robbing Charlie Sheen's porn-star ex
Company insider claims underpayment of workers is 'key to 7-Eleven business model'
The famous "Piracy, Its a Crime" advert used the music illegaly [x-post r/TIL]
N.J. daycare workers allegedly staged, filmed children in 'fight club'
Brazen Peruvian airport heist is 'robbery of a century' Gangster ringleader, 'Narigón' captured 10 hours after nervy armoured truck attack
Two NJ Daycare Workers Arrested for Running Fight Club for Kids Aged 4-6 and Posted Videos on Social Media
Just 2 Russian Bros Working Out, Grilling Steak, Drinking Tea
Pregnant Woman Plans On Having 'Dolphin-Assisted' Water Birth In Ocean
Officer accidentally shot by another officer after responding to wrong house
Man named Stonewall walks into wall while stoned
Uber gains from Mumbai cab strike as drivers protest competition
Harper rejects StatsCan recession report, says economy is growing
Daycare center staff charged with running 'fight club'
Backstreet Boys filming Zombie Movie in Montana
Spain finds Guinea migrant hidden behind car engine
Help me find him: pregnant French tourist seeks Sunshine Coast lover
'He's my son's little hero,' Cat takes a bullet and saves 3-year-old in York
Shithead runs for Parliament
Man suffering from constipation for 10 years has 11-pound stool removed
U need seex? I am Isabel I need seex! Help!
Cosmetic mishap leaves girl in China realizing it's not easy being green
PD: Trumbull Man Eats His Own Feces Following DUI Arrest
Kentucky Clerk Fighting Gay Marriage Has Wed Four Times
NJ Daycare Workers Accused Of Running Toddler "Fight Club"
Illinois Man Suing Ashley Madison Wants to Be Able to Keep Using Website Source: http://www.nbcchicago.com/news/local/Illinois-Man-Files-Lawsuit-Against-Adultery-Website-Ashley-Madison-323713431.html#ixzz3kWS5K5KR Follow us: @nbcchicago on Twitter | nbcchicago on Facebook
Illinois Man Suing Ashley Madison Wants to Be Able to Keep Using Website
5 Skills President Obama Will Need To Survive A Day With Bear Grylls
Drinkers 'raided London hospitals for alcohol-based hand gel'
Ecuador 'planned fancy dress escape for Julian Assange'
Nicki Minaj and Miley Cyrus fight backstage at VMA's
Change Region Police release video of suspect in pork pie hat stealing purse from Ann Arbor garage
Gang Rape Not 'Practically Possible,' Says Indian Politician and former Chief Minister Mulayam Singh Yadav
Professors threaten bad grades for saying 'illegal alien,' 'male,' 'female'
Rape by four persons is not 'practically' possible, says Indian politician and former Chief Minister Mulayam Singh Yadav.
Day care 'fight club' uncovered in New Jersey: prosecutors
Covered Wagon Overturns, Snarls Traffic on Arkansas Highway
U need seex? I am Sofia I need seex! Help!
Emmanuel Adebayor refuses to leave Tottenham Hotspur because he needs a sign from God
Korean man begs netizens for help after seeing girlfriend's bare face
Alabama Men Catch and Rescue 2 Kittens While Fishing
Hiker Lost 9 Days in Forest Says She Regrets Leaving Group
Lock invented to guard your precious Nutella.
Outrage After Auschwitz Installs Mist Showers
Petition: Obama should drink his own urine
German Designer Builds a Lock for Your Nutella Jar.
Pregnant woman to have dolphin as midwife
Norwegian bank issues anti-Semitic credit card, says sorry
'Fire selfies' after a jealous rage lead to Maryland man's arrest
Drug / Prostitution arrests at senior housing complex
Indian Kumbh Mela festival bans selfies due to stampede fears
Decrepit Toronto house sells for $1 million, $100,000 above asking price
Republicans lack votes to defund Planned Parenthood
Number of US babies being named after guns on the increase
Man forced to marry cow faints at wedding
Study: Tighter border brought Arizona more Mexican migrants
Makers of Sony's 'Concussion' Film Tried to Prevent Angering N.F.L., Emails Show
Taylor Swift Is Dreaming Of A Very White Africa
Anxious for Birdless Parade, China Deploys Its Monkeys
Mad Max voted film of the year by International Film Critics.
Some Visitors Left Outraged By Summer Cooling Showers At Auschwitz
Cranford day care accused of running 'fight clubs' with children, filming brawls
Man Detained for Four Months For Crystal Meth Possession; Police Later Realized It Was Just Salt
David Bowie joins roster of stars writing songs for SpongeBob musical
Cops storm wrong house, shoot homeowner, kill dog, then start shooting each other
During Holy Year, Pope Will Let Priests Forgive Women Who Had Abortions
Islam is communism with a god, Sheriff Jim Hammond says
Washington State announces it will not allow professors to ban words they don't like
China's flights hit by new disturbance: fighting pilots
GOP congressman asks small children about 'suicide bombers'
China: Company launches 'war criminal ice cream'
Former bank-robbery hero pleads guilty to robbing bank in NE Portland
Critical Mass window smasher was wearing T-shirt advocating non-violence
Fox Anchor Harris Faulkner Sues Over Hasbro's 'Harris Faulkner' Toy Hamster
Onion Farmers' Support of Arctic Drilling Copies and Pastes Language From Oil Lobby Group
Ex-Florida teacher allegedly fired after administrators found out her boyfriend is black
Boys Duct Taped to Chair, Forced to Watch "Mommy Dearest"
Showers in concentration camp are cooling for visitors...
Pregnant woman determined to give birth in the ocean with dolphin for a midwife
Alec Baldwin doesn't believe Trump has shot, but Kanye might
Pregnant woman plans to use dolphin as midwife
N.O. restaurants among 100 best for foodies
Man Epically Describes Rescuing BBQ From Apartment Fire
Houston man holding gun while taking 'selfies' fatally shot
ISIS Shows Off Its American-Made M16 Rifles
Very woolly sheep found near Canberra, RSPCA puts out urgent call for shearer
You want seex! I am Trinity I want seex! Please! Help me!
U want seex! I am Faith I want seex! Please! Help!
International Film Critics Vote 'Mad Max: Fury Road' Year's Best Film
Couple who quit their jobs to travel the world end up scrubbing toilets for money
McDonald's to serve breakfast all day as object lesson in "too much of a good thing"
Dog hanged in Kerala, India to mark death anniversary of rival party leader.
Taxpayer-Funded Professors Censor Words 'Female,' 'Illegal Alien' And Make White Students 'Defer'
Washington State University Professors To Mark Students Down If They Use The Term 'Illegal Immigrants'
Teachers and Gamers Agree: 'Slave Tetris' Isn't How You Educate Kids About Slavery
Taco Bell Now Has A 'Crispy Chicken' Taco Shell, LOOK AT THIS THING
The Israeli Jew suspected of trying to join the Islamic State
Naming babies after guns gaining popularity in the US
Why Ted movies are a bad influence on the speech and values of children
Virginia Teen Impersonates Officer, Tries to Stop Real Officer
Target Might Try Letting People Drink Booze While They Shop
Pakistan suspects U.S. illegally cut down trees in its capital
52-Year-Old Mexican Man Can't Find a Job, Have a Relationship or Go to Church Because of His 19-Inch Penis
Teen son is kept in a $3000 cage by his mother to stop him taking methamphetamine
Man Steals A Harley-Davidson Bike by taking it for a test ride.
Lovebirds caught dating after 9 pm will be forced to marry in Indonesia
Rubio: A Spoonful of Sugar Keeps the Terrorists Away
Kim Davis Unknowingly Signs Marriage Certificate For Same-Sex Couple In Rowan County
A Silk Road task force agent pled guilty to stealing $820,000 in bitcoin.
A Silk Road Task Force agent has admitted to stealing $82,000 of bitcoin.
Chinese Store Sells 'Tojo Ice Cream' to Mark WW II Anniversary
Literature of 9/11 college class accused of being 'sympathetic towards terrorism'
James Bond author apologizes for saying Idris Elba is 'too street' to play 007
Former fed in Silk Road case stole $820,000 in bitcoins
Day-care workers charged with running toddler 'Fight Club'
Kentucky clerk refusing gay marriage licences has been married Four times and gave birth to twins out of wedlock
Preparing for a Military Parade, China Deploys a Troop of Monkeys
Tajikistan names 'planet' after... Tajikistan
A woman in England was accidentally forklifted across a festival while in a Portaloo
German police forces public to stop bringing donations for Syrian refugees
Australia urgent plea to shear overgrown sheep
China enlists nest-destroying monkeys to keep birds from spoiling big oarade
China enlists nest-destroying monkeys to keep birds from spoiling big parade
Man saves wife, child and huge slab of barbecue ribs from fire
A 25-year-old Brazilian mayor is in trouble after running her town from afar via WhatsApp
Houston teen kills himself while taking a selfie with a gun
Day care workers charged with running fight club
Fake ultrasounds, fake bellies and 'Fake a Baby.com' gets Michigan teen in non-fake trouble
Polar bears ambush and surround scientists in Russia
Fox News Anchor Harris Faulkner Sues Hasbro Over Same-Named Toy Hamster
Gary Busey announced for next season of "Dancing With the Stars".
87-year-old man accused of soliciting a prostitute earns pass from prosecutor
In climate bid, Obama stares down melting Alaska glacier
'Bible-toting' police officers dressed up as priests to bust drug dealer
Kentucky clerk denying licenses to gay couples has married four times
Undercover FBI agents spy on Burning Man festival to prevent 'terrorism' and test out new 'intelligence collection' technology'
Teen kills himself while taking gun selfie
Blood moon has some expecting end of the world - CNN.com
Clerk fighting gay marriage has wed four times
Day care workers accused of running 'fight club' among children
Republicans Like Obama's Ideas Better When They Think They're Donald Trump's
Man shot over bag of potato chips while walking down Detroit street
Three arrested in Paris over 'devil's breath' drug that turns victims into willing 'zombies'
How much sympathy do overwhelmed, white-collar workers deserve?
Houston teenager fatally shoots himself while taking a selfie with a gun
Policewoman who swore on tea break is disciplined by the PSNI (X-Post r/northernireland)
Comcast now charging $30 to avoid company's usage caps
Donald Trump Hopes to Run Against Kanye West for President in 2020
McDonald's Canada says 'no all-day breakfast for you!'
N.J. daycare workers accused of filming child 'Fight Club'
Watch: Man talks about California fire rib rescue
Policewoman who swore on tea break is disciplined by the PSNI
22-year-old goes from train attack hero to 'Dancing with the Stars' ...in 12 days
Cop's Own Supervisor Shoots Him 9 Times Because He Missed a Meeting
Many claim to be 'offended' as shower curtains are installed by a concentration camp's museum to help visitors deal with the heat outside
Men illegally hunting get caught using marijuana plants as hunting blinds.
Florida Police Issue Press Release to Complain That Officer Was Refused Service at Arby's
Cops Break Into Wrong Home, Shoot Innocent Homeowner, Kill His Dog, Then Shoot Each Other
Texas man kills himself while taking selfie with gun
Man Accidentally Sends Naked Selfies to HR Manager After Receiving Job Offer
Man rescues slab of ribs during apartment fire
Teen tries to impersonate police. Pulls over cop.
Barack Obama and Bear Grylls go hiking in Alaskan wilderness- "Glad this was the only bear I met"
Friendly fire likely wounded officer in wrong-house encounter
Louisville grocer promises lifetime discount for logo tattoo
Smutty hacker creates France's rudest road sign
Calgary Woman's Stolen Car Returned With Drugs And Weapons Inside
Shear Factor - Giant Australian Sheep in Need of a Haircut
Venezuelan Inmates Eat Cats as Food Shortages Reach Prisons
'Smuggle Assange out in fancy dress' among plans hatched by Ecuadorian embassy staff
Fox News' Harris Faulkner Sues Hasbro For $5M Over Harris Faulkner Hamster
Roach arrested for attempted pot store theft
Teen accidently kills self while taking selfie with gun
'I didn't want to let my ribs burn': Man rescues slab of BBQ ribs during late night fire
After midnight: Porn actress metro cards sold out in hours in Taiwan
Kardashians put me off weed for life Says Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl
Day care accused of running, filming 'fight clubs' with children
Chickens stop traffic at Bay Bridge toll plaza
USDA to stop referring to small raisins as 'midgets'
Tajikistan creates planet, names it after self
Arby's Refuses To Serve Pembroke Pines, FL Police Food Because They're Cops
Loose Chicken Halts Traffic At The Bay Bridge Toll Plaza
HPD: Man fatally shot while taking selfies with gun
HPD: Man fatally shot while taking selfies with gun | News
Here are 5 photos that prove Idris Elba is way too street to be James Bond
Day care workers busted for running 'Fight Club' for 4-year-olds
A Man Made Sure His Ribs Were Done Before Saving His Family During A Fire
Fox News anchor sues Hasbro over toy hamster with her name
Norwegian bank offended Jews with 'anti-Semitic' credit card
Is cannabis more harmful than alcohol? 'No comment' says the UK government
Uzbekistan bans political science
Planets Aligned to Form Jesus on the Cross With Halo on Day of Crucifixion, Researcher Observes
Texas teen shot to death while taking selfies with a gun
London housing crisis: £480 a month for a bed, in a shed, in the lounge
'Is this normal?': Impounded car returned with gun, drugs inside
Big Curly Poops Ask To Be Freed From Butt Prison
Oregon State coordinator Dave Baldwin drinks 16-18 Diet Cokes a day
Putin responsible for Ukraine violence caused by anti-Putin forces, Nicholson says
Top shearer called in to trim overgrown sheep found in Australia
man runs back into burning house to save his rack of ribs
A Fox News anchor is suing Hasbro because a toy hamster has her name
Lorries face being banned from turning left in revolutionary clampdown aimed at preventing cycle deaths
What hip hop tells us about Donald Trump
Pastor Makes Congregants Suck His Privates In Church, Says His Semen Is Holy Milk
man saves his wife and children from burning building, then goes back in for his ribs
Polar bears lay siege to researchers in the Arctic Sea
Experts call for immediate halt to £7,000-per-badger cull
Fresno man rescues slab of BBQ ribs during late night house fire
Fox News anchor Harris Faulkner sues Hasbro over hamster toy
TIL two ISIS jihadists purchased "Islam for Dummies" and "The Koran for Dummies" before going to fight in Syria (x-post from TIL)
Day care center staff charged with running 'fight club'
Fresno Man saves family and rack of BBQ ribs from burning Apartment Fire. Well Done! (See What I did there?)
Egg Group Scrambled Over Eggless Mayo Maker
Fox News anchor sues Hasbro toy company for more than $5 million over toy hamster that shares her name
'The Muppets' Releases First Photo of Kermit With Denise
Police break into hot car to save 'baby,' find doll instead
OPINION: Please don't have sex with robots
Man fatally shot while taking selfies with gun
Mysterious Spider With Blood-Red Fangs Found in Australia
France train hero is among 'Dancing With the Stars' cast
Polaroid Snap camera takes instant photos without ink!
Are You A Nomophobe? How To Tell If You're Too Dependent On Your Phone
Study helps identify nemophobia, fear of being without smartphone
Fox News anchor sues Hasbro over toy hamster sharing her name
Police: Man huffed keyboard spray after crash as cop watched
Babysitter Charged for Allegedly Duct-Taping Boys and Forcing Them to Watch 'Mommie Dearest'
Fox News' Harris Faulkner sues Hasbro for $5 million over alleged theft of persona and likeness
Heat, humidity caused UMD to cancel some classes Tuesday
Starfish-killing robot close to trials on Great Barrier Reef
Hulu introduces "no commercials" plan that still has some commercials
Day care workers accused of running toddler 'Fight Club' for amusement
FOOD ALERT: Ham and cheese pizzas from Derbyshire takeaways fail to contain ham or cheese
Haters for Trump- Meet the people who despise Donald Trump so much that they plan to vote for him - just to send America a message.
Remember kids, when reporting a black kid killing himself accidentally, it drives more traffic to your advertising banners if you make the title look like the police killed him, call him a victim, and include a sweet innocent picture.
Chris Christie Yells At Town Hall Attendee For Quoting His Own Comments On Climate
Patches the Crossing Guard Dog 'Fired' by School District
Daycare workers accused of staging 'fight club'
Police: Man killed while taking Instagram selfie with gun
FDA Warns Powdered Caffeine Is Dangerous
Police return woman's stolen car - with drugs, weapons added
This woman wants to give birth underwater, surrounded by dolphins
Brazillian Ex-Mayor Wanted for Corruption, Ran Town Through WhatsApp
Teen accidentally kills himself while taking gun selfies, police say
Michigan teen fakes pregnancy with triplets for 10 months, gets caught
Man named Roach robs pot shop
Israel Says It Will Consider Easing Rules on Shooting Stone-Throwers
Double Baco' Cheeseburger...it's for a cop.
Does Mario have a penis?
Religion is rarely discussed in hospitals, despite its power to heal
Texas teen fatally shoots himself while taking selfie
Bruce Dickinson Got His Tongue Cancer From Eating Vagina
Preschool teachers start fight club with toddlers
Fox News anchor Harris Faulkner sues Hasbro for $5M over hamster toy with same name
Teen Boy Will Be Charged As Adult For Having Naked Pics of a Minor: Himself
Oakland Police Respond to Baby Trapped in Car, Find Doll Instead
Delaware day care workers encouraged toddlers to fight, police say
Miami-Dade Police Union Call for National Boycott of Arby's
Day care workers accused of running a fight club.
Christian sex and dating. Free Adult Dating Service.
Adult sex dating in shelbyville indiana. Free Adult Dating Service.
A second wife of her third husband is charged, along with her second husband, of killing her daughter from her first husband, who - the daughter - was having an affair with her third husband's son from his first wife.
Straight Outta Breaking Bad - ABQ Car Wash Owner Sentenced For Money Laundering (x-post from /r/BreakingBad)
Man accidentally shoots, kills self after taking selfie with gun
Tree Counter Is Astonished By How Many Trees There Are
Texas man accidentally shoots himself while posing for a selfie with a gun.
Latin America Leads the World in Emotions
Straight Outta Breaking Bad - ABQ Car Wash Owner Sentenced For Money Laundering
Police track down robbery suspect who was wearing court-issued monitor
US Military Scrambled F-16's to Fend Off a Crazy Cat Lady
Taylor Swift may have farted live on air at the MTV VMAs
Fox anchor sues Hasbro over likeness to toy hamster
Pornhub offers $25,000 scholarship. Does not require applicants to submit an amateur porno.
Uber told drivers to take showers, and now it's being used against them in court
North Korea Denies It Apologized Over Mine Blast
FBI sends 13 agents on chartered jet to pick 1 suspect
Police Boycotting Arby's After Employee Denies Uniformed Officer Service
Police Officer Killed in Illinois Was on Brink of Retirement
Cops Raid Wrong House, Shoot Dog, Shoot Man, Then They Even Shot Another Cop
Google's Driverless Cars Run Into Problem: Cars With Drivers
NC Law: Teens who take nude selfie photos face adult sex charges
Man shot for his potato chips while walking down Detroit street
Police responding to wrong house shot dog, homeowner and 'likely' shot fellow officer
Fox Anchor Suing Hasbro Over Toy Rodent She Says Stole Her Likeness
Fox News anchor sues Hasbro over toy hamster identity theft
Stephen Responds To Jeb Bush's VIP Ticket Offer With One Of His Own
Women Pick the Perfect 3D-Printed Penis
Florida man gets arrested, says he's Kris Kringle
Pornhub wants to give you $25,000 for college (and you can keep your clothes on)
Champion shearer to rescue dangerously shaggy sheep
Sasquatch sighting! Maine police say Bigfoot artist nabbed
Florida Police Issue Press Release Because an Officer Was Refused Service at Arby's
lord save the ribs
Day care center apologizes to parents after workers charged with instigating kids' fights
Daycare workers fired after allegedly encouraging 'Fight Club' on playground
Mob Museum Unveils FIFA Corruption Exhibit
Horrible Idea of the Week: Dolphin-Assisted Birth
Donald Trump 'Hopes to Run Against' Kanye West for President
Porn site offers $25,000 college scholarship, asks students: "How do you strive to make others happy?"
مشاهدة مسلسل مطلوب حماة الحلقة 30 مدبلج اون لاين
Man arrested after showing up at Family Court with chain saw
Pregnant Woman Set to Give Birth in Ocean, Despite Shark Warning
Mother, disabled daughter, 10, shamed for parking in handicapped spot
Teen Accidentally Shoots Himself While Taking a Selfie
Taylor Swift accused of channeling colonialism in new video
Salmon spawns on Obama during Alaska visit
Cape Cod Students Protest School's New Yoga Pants Restrictions
Doctors save man's burned hand by sewing it into his stomach
New Jersey Daycare Charged With Running A Fight Club Ring With Toddlers
Assault rifle with Bible verse to repel Muslim terrorists unveiled in Apopka
New Jersey day care apologizes after workers incite children to scuffle in "Fight Club"
FWC searching for escaped 8-foot-long king cobra in Orlando
Texas man shoots, kills himself while taking selfies with gun
Man saves family and rack of ribs from house fire
Pornhub wants to give students $25,000 to learn stuff... (not that kind of stuff!)
Minecraft's Markus Persson Moans About Wealth
The would be robber told the store clerk to put the money in the bag, to which she responded, "You don't have a bag".
Woman 'offered three cops oral sex to avoid drug and drunk driving charges'
Lawmakers strongly deny police report of 'making out'
Texas State student rides her Barbie Jeep around campus after DWI arrest, Internet loves it
Fox News Anchor Files $5 Million Lawsuit Over Toy Hamster With Same Name
Teens who take nude selfie photos face adult sex charges - After a 16-year-old girl made a sexually explicit nude photo of herself for her boyfriend last fall, the Sheriff's Office concluded that she committed two felony sex crimes against herself and arrested her in February.
Chinese TV Will Only Broadcast War Shows - For The Next Five Straight Days
Texas State student rides her Barbie Jeep around campus after DWI arrest
Man tells cops marijuana grown as 'a joke'
The Internet's Founder Never Thought It Would Get This Bad
Guns N' Roses' Bass Player: 'I Really Have No Idea What's Going On'
Porn Site Offers $25,000 Scholarship for Answering 'How Do You Strive to Make Others Happy?'
Two daycare workers are accused of running and Snapchatting a 'baby fight club'
Petco won't sell goldfish to Iranians and Persians on spring equinox, lawsuit says
JUDGE OKS GENDER SURGERY OPPOSED BY 48-YEAR-OLD'S PARENTS
Daycare workers accused of running, Snapchatting baby 'Fight Club"
The wildest things happen in Florida
Deputy Doesn't Hang Up Phone, Caught Talking About Reporter's Breasts
Legally blind man learning to fly in Ann Arbor
Woman Urges Mourners to Support Bernie Sanders in Her Obituary
'Aggressive' donkey captured after short-lived freedom in Mt. Juliet
Man sends nude selfie to HR rep who offered job | Lifestyle - Home
N.J. day care 'fight club' not the first of its kind in the U.S.
Donald Trump Says Jeb Bush Should Stop Speaking Spanish
Should flamethrowers be sold in the US?
Fox News anchor sues company for making hamster with same name as her
Russia's Deputy Prime Minister on Twitter: US Can Use Trampolines to Reach Space
Texas Man Threatens The Lives Of Any Black People Coming To His Town
Romney moves to reassemble campaign team for 'almost certain' 2016 bid
New Jersey Day Care Was Running A 'Fight Club' With Toddlers - Mandatory
19-year-old tries to take selfie with gun and kills himself
New Jersey Day Care Workers Allegedly Filmed Kids Fight Club
Huckabee compares Planned Parenthood to ISIS, says both 'take people's heads off'
Just over 420 🌲🌴🌳 for every person on the planet
Fresno man from Bay Area saves children, rack of ribs from apartment fire
Teen kills himself taking selfie with a gun
Employees of Day Care Center Charged With Running a Kids "Fight Club"
What Trump Thinks Of Kanye Running
Selfie madness: too many dying to get the picture
Drinkers 'subsidising' non-drinkers by £6.5bn a year
revit structure cơ bản - reivt cho kỹ sư kết cấu - phần 12
Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson says he got tongue cancer from oral sex
Man who lost penis in horrific car accident as child only told his wife on their wedding night
Could Wealth Inequality Lead to Homosexuality? | RealClearScience
Six-year-old girl being sued in Austria 'for causing skiing accident'
Cheney: 'I was right about Iraq'
Sunny Leone blamed for rising rape in India after contraceptives ad
Kermit's New 'Girlfriend' Denise Is Thin, Feminists Outraged
A chicken and a goose cross the road...
FRESNO MAN RESCUES CHILDREN AND RIBS FROM APARTMENT FIRE
HYIP Watchdog - Genuine HYIP Monitor Site
Getty Images demands license payment for Awkward Penguin!
Pentagon Now Says Army Mistakenly Sent Live Anthrax to All 50 States
Police: Winchester man impersonated police officer to get stolen wallet from prostitute
People Actually Upset That Kermit the Frog's New 'Girlfriend' Is Thin.
There is literally a US government conspiracy against vegan mayo
Muslim man suing Costco for not firing him after he complained about touching pork as part of his job.
Italian road authorities disown man to build street. But state doesn't recognise he isn't owner any more. Now he declares his own "principality".
Cambodia: No-Cheating Exam Rule Is Working. Many are afraid the government's "no-cheating" policy may hurt their chances of entering a university.
Pornhub Cares: Adult entertainment giant offering 'happy' $25K college scholarship
14-year-old added to UK police database for using Snapchat to send naked selfie on charges of possessing child pornography!
Feminists are angry that Kermit the Frog's new girlfriend is young and thin
Selfie Madness: Too Many Russians Dying to Get the Picture
New Hampshire pulls bartending guides for sexual drink names
That's pretty unlucky: Yellow jackets slow emergency responders after crash.
Hidden camera found in shower at Travelodge hotel
In Donetsk Dad Brought His Kid to School on Tank
Stanford demands Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai take SATs
Dog Mayor Plans To Run For President
Cops: Macon woman mad about 'nasty' Waffle House restroom grabs pistol
Central Banks Nervous As Alternative Currency With David Bowie's Face Goes Viral.
Negative tweet about Dep. Darren Goforth's ambush killing ends in arrest for college student
The Chinese city where men have 'three girlfriends because there are so many women'
Investigation finds claw machines are rigged to steal your money
President Obama roams Alaska with, oh, a selfie stick
Keeping them in the dark? Kim Kardashian celebrates 45 million Instagram followers with grainy poorly-lit cleavage selfies
Tori Spelling Is Suing Benihana Over Burns She Sustained After Falling on Grill: Report
Meet the woman who plans to give birth in the ocean with a dolphin for a midwife
Daycare staff accused of running kids 'fight club'
Pregnant Woman Set To Give Birth In Ocean Amongst Dolphins, Despite Shark Warnings
19-year-old accidentally kills himself while taking selfie with a gun
School district will investigate teacher's no-fail policy for trying "really hard"
Report: Woman Pulled Gun at NKU Because Someone Was in Seat She Wanted
Pensioner (male) in Dublin undergoes emergency surgery to remove 23cm dildo from backside
Kidnapping Suspect Blamed Vaccine, Psychotic Break, FBI Says
Day care apologizes after workers incite children to scuffle in "Fight Club"
MIAMI-DADE POLICE UNION CALLS FOR NATIONAL BOYCOTT OF ARBY'S
Mist sprinklers outside Auschwitz are nothing like the showers in some Nazi gas chambers, museum says
A Teenager Thought His Car's Tape Deck Was an iPhone Dock
Chinese Nong Makes Mistake of Conusing Bears as Dogs
Lonely life of Roberto Esquivel Cabrera, the man with the world's longest penis
Dolphin midwife birth could be dangerous
Using a dolphin as your midwife could be a bad idea
Pornhub offers $25,000 scholarship to student who makes video showing how they would 'make others happy'
Miley Cyrus To Remain Fully Clothed For 24 For Charity
Fitness Trackers May Catch on With Cows
Cats Get Google-Style Street View Map in Japan
Dolphins are vicious wild animals and no one should ever give birth in the water with them
MADD P.E.I. chapter ex-head Dave Griffin gets 5 days in jail for drunk driving
State lawmakers deny 'making out' in car at Minnesota park
Kizi Games - Kizi Games Online - Playing Gr8 Racing game!
CNN Analyst uses picture of airsoft gun when discussing gun licenses
Cops Give Woman Back Her Stolen Car Filled With Guns And Drugs - Twice
R. Kelly says he wrote 462 songs for The Buffet, and they're all hits
Robert Wright saved family from a unit block fire and then went back for his barbecue ribs
SC HIGHWAY PATROL MULLS UNIFORM CHANGE
NASA's Curiosity rover found a hovering 'spoon' on Mars
OWNER OF WORLD'S LONGEST PENIS CLAIMS DISABILITY BENEFITS
Guy rents roommate's bed out to drunken strangers on AirBnB
Judge declines divorce case, citing gay marriage ruling
Outrage as Kermit the Frog finds "younger, thinner girlfriend"
Mexican man claims to have world's largest penis. The penis nearly measures 19 inches
Pregnant teenager Neysi Perez 'wakes up in coffin' a day after her funeral
Captain Crunch passes Deez Nuts in new poll
Kermit the Frog's new girlfriend is younger, thinner - and blander
Auschwitz 'showers' for tourists cool off some, offend others
'Happy' salmon spawns all over Obama's shoes in Alaska
Government-backed egg lobby tried to crack food startup, emails show
Salmon spawns on Obama's shoes: 'He's happy to see me,' president laughs
Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on email More Sharing Services Watch Vladimir Putin and Russian stars defeat children in exhibition match
Meet The Black Guy Selling Confederate Flags
Feds Throw 3-Day Meth-Funded Wedding Gown, Tux Blowout
Watch Vladimir Putin and Russian stars defeat children in exhibition match
NHL Stars Helped Vladimir Putin Beat a Kids' Hockey Team
Some men's rights activists are using a California anti-discrimination law to take down 'women in tech' groups
Day care apologizes after workers accused of inciting fights
Man blinded Marion sheriff's pilot with hair growth laser comb, deputies say
'Littlest Pet Shop' hamster 'Harris Faulkner' draws lawsuit from Fox News anchor of same name
Man saves what's important from fire: family and BBQ ribs
Vanderbilt Women's Center to Lecture Men on 'Healthy Masculinities'
307,000 veterans died awaiting Veterans Affairs health care, report finds
President Obama Is Having the Time of His Fucking Life in Alaska
Cops Kill Man with Down Syndrome Over Movie Ticket, Blame it on Medics Who Tried to Save His Life
Cops: Man Shot in Groin Over Potato Chips in Detroit
Egypt billionare offers to buy Med island for refugees
Masturbation will make your hands pregnant in the afterlife, televangelist warns
Man saves family, slab of ribs in apt. fire
The Samsung Smart Fridge Could be Inviting Hackers
Egyptian belly dancers jailed for 'inciting debauchery'
Clinton aide says he doesn't know what 'wiped' server means
A Tennessee Judge Is Refusing to Let a Straight Couple Get Divorced-Because of Gay Marriage
Man shot over potato chips in Detroit
Ryan Leef handcuffs, puts vandal under citizen arrest
illegal garage sale hits third month, with no end in sight
Man shot in groin over potato chips
Judge says parents can't stop their 48 year old from getting gender reassignment surgery.
Duterte[Mayor] forces smoking tourist to swallow cigarette butt
Cops: Job applicant sent naked selfies to HR manager
Do not pay con artists money to ward off black magic and curses: Edmonton Police
MAN RETURNS TO BURNING APARTMENT TO RESCUE RIBS
Healthy Masculinities Week 2015 | Margaret Cuninggim Women's Center | Vanderbilt University
Borowitz Report BOROWITZ REPORT TODAY 1:53 PM Federal Judge Admits Having Brady on Fantasy Team
MBTA bicycle thefts down thanks to cardboard transit officer
Sheep Shearer Saves Sheep by Cutting Away 89 Pounds of Wool
Man killed during test drive of souped-up golf cart, cops say
Dalmeny care home hired chicken farm to destroy documents
'Divorce selfie' reaction surprises Calgary couple
Getty claims copyright on Socially Awkward Penguin, forces site to pay $868
Police officer fabricates story of being shot at.
Uzbekistan Doesn't Believe In Political Science
New asian fashion trend goes viral, wearing nothing but plastic bags!
California man saves kids then BBQ ribs from apartment fire
California man saves ribs from apartment fire
Man Comes To Realize His Puppies Aren't Puppies After All
Is your baby monitor vulnerable to HACKERS?
Man sends nude selfie to HR rep who offered job
Soccer fans want to protest against the club buying nearly no new players , no one shows up
Teen Boy Charged As Adult For Having 'Naked Pictures of a Minor' Even Though Images Were of Himself
North Carolina teenager charged as an adult for 'sexting' photos of himself
This girl got a DWI, so she just drove her Barbie Jeep to school instead. As you do.
Kim Davis' son Nathan refuses to issue same-sex marriage licenses in Kentucky after mother is jailed
Wearing Nothing But Plastic Bags? - Asian Fashion Trend Goes Viral
Pet owners reluctant to face up to their cats' kill count
Winston Churchill didn't really exist, say teens.
Texas State student uses Barbie Jeep to get around after DWI
Charitable Pornhub offering college scholarship
A College Student Is Driving A Barbie Jeep Around Campus After Her DWI Arrest
Pilot caught texting during takeoff from Charlotte
Tennessee judge denies straight couple divorce, citing gay marriage ruling
'Shy' king cobra on the loose leads Orlando school to lock children inside
Alaska State Troopers cruiser stolen with suspect in backseat
Teen Shot Dead Taking Instagram Selfie Holding Gun to Head, Shoots Himself in Throat - Texas
Saved by a 'fatberg': Londoner's wedding ring miraculously recovered
Yukon woman handcuffed by camo-clad Conservative candidate after defacing signs - Home | As It Happens
Report: Ohio funeral home lost corpse, tried to have family bury wrong body
Kim Davis' Lawyer Says She's Just Like A Jew Living In Nazi Germany
Kentucky clerk that was unwilling to marry gay couples accidentally married a transgendered man
Florida gun store sells assault rifle with Bible verse intended to repel Muslim terrorists - U.S. - Stripes
A Teenager Was Arrested For Posting Eminem Lyrics On Instagram
Florida gun store sells assault rifle with Bible verse intended to repel Muslim terrorists
After brief spelling error, signs installed on roundabout barrier
Michigan Newspaper Claims the Large Hadron Collider Is Being Used as a "Stargate"
Man loses job after accidentally texting explicit image to female HR manager of his new employer
Britain's national sperm bank has just 9 donors
Fox News anchor sues Hasbro over toy hamster that shares her name, says it even resembles her
"Charlie Charlie" game banned from schools
Federal Judge (that lifted Brady's suspension) Admits Having Brady on Fantasy Team
London property crisis: £530 a month to live on a bed in a shed in a living room
Officer shot his own patrol car, Massachusetts police say
North Alaskan salmon jizzes on President Obama
Researchers Study More Than 15,000 Penises To Determine Average Lengths Around The World
TV anchor sues after guinea pig steals her name
Student With a DWI Uses Barbie Jeep to Get Around Campus
Lucy Graves McVicker One-Person Exhibition: "Imaginary Landscapes"
Man Saves Children And Rack Of Ribs From A Burning Building
E-mail more romantically arousing than voicemail: study
Rick Perry denies dropping out of 2016 race
Man mooned, hit with metal car part at Bradley Park
Pregnant lady employs DOLPHIN as a midwife.
Deez Nuts would like U.S. politics to be more Canadian
Drowned boy reminder to stop the boats: PM
Woman plans to employ DOLPHIN as a midwife.
Man accidentally shoots, kills self while attempting to take a selfie holding a gun.
Fla. officer denied service at Arby's
15-Year-Old Arrested For Posting Eminem Lyrics on Instagram
Baby fight club in New Jersey
Police Put Up Signs To Remind Motorists How Stop Signs Work
Former Executive Who Drew Faculty Ire Is Named U. of Iowa's Next President
Federal Judge Admits Having Brady on Fantasy Team
Subway system won't be in good condition until 2067, report says
'Rock star' mother gives birth to own granddaughter
Police: Man Declares Love, Injures Himself, Sets House on Fire - Story
triệt sản ở nam giới
Fresno man runs back into burning building to save ... a rack of ribs
Mum plans to open 'no vax' childcare
Los Angeles County to Create 'Electronic Music Task Force'
Chicken farm hired to shred confidential records, report says
Man rescues ribs from burning building
Maine Dunkin' Donuts Offers Judge Free Coffee For Life After Tom Brady Ruling
Dolphins are vicious animals and no one should ever give birth in the water with them
A North Carolina teen is being charged for two felony sex crimes--against herself--for sexting her boyfriend
Sinn Fein man blasts McDonald's new burger as partitionist
Russian spy ship spotted off coast of Georgia - U.S Military confirms ships spying on Russians - "What do you think those "oceanographic" ships are doing, studying whales?"
Arby's employee accused of denying officer service speaks out
Sinn Féin politician slams 'partitionist' McDonald's burger
Silinen resimleri geri getirme 0216 533 9000 kdksoft
Department of Justice report says Ferguson Police Dept should have tweeted more
Badass sheep promoted to lance corporal in the British Army
Egyptian billionaire wants to buy an island to house refugees
Woman quits job because she was afraid she might be fired. Then sues employer for causing her "extreme stress, trepidation and mental anguish" caused by the thought of being fired.
Abstinence-Only Texas High School Has Severe Chlamydia Outbreak
Armed Robber's Family Is Irate After He Is Shot During Robbery - Family Says Good Samaritan Should Have "Minded His Own Business"
3D-Printed Penises Reveal That Women Prefer Normal Sized Dicks to Anacondas
Jack Sock Faints, Is Forced to Retire
Jessica Alba's Honest Company Sued for Being 'Deceptive'
Kuwait bans driver's licences for multi-worded job titles
Barry Bonds congratulates Tom Brady on Deflategate decision
Korea on the Brink of Becoming a Multicultural Country
Gingers Banned From Flying || Read Head Etihad Airways Racism
A Fox News Anchor Took One Look At This Hasbro Toy And Launched A Giant Lawsuit
London's car-melting skyscraper wins Carbuncle Cup
Các mẹ chia sẻ kinh nghiệm khi dùng thử máy sưởi dầu | Máy Sưởi
New Yorkers Punch A Panda For Stress Relief - Punch Me Panda Project
Message from Allah found on Iceland egg by Muslim couple 'blessed by a miracle'
Pregnant woman plans to have dolphin as midwife
Vagina Selfie Stick Camera || Svakom Gaga Camera Vibrator
Stunned diner makes complaint on restaurant's Facebook page - and gets told 'just f**k off lady'
Woman wakes from coma to deny she jumped from cruise ship; murder investigation opened
Diner shocked after Chorlton restaurant tells her to 'just f**k off lady' when she left complaint on Facebook page
When His Home Caught Fire, This Man Ran Back In To Save His Ribs
Poo transplants can eliminate two superbugs from the gut: mice study
Canada's Mr. Robot Premiere Censored By False DMCA Notice
Iron Maiden singer Bruce Dickinson alludes to oral sex as cause of his tongue cancer
Daycare Workers Arrested For Creating Toddler 'Fight Club'
St Neots man Nelson Nazare sentenced for possessing fish porn
Canberra driver crashes into police station while trying to do a burnout
Canberra man crashes car into police station in failed burnout attempt
SNP MP exposed as a 'pathetic' internet troll who attacked the Royal Family
CA man saves ribs from apartment fire
Instant Karma: Texas Man Shoots Armadillo, Bullet Ricochets Back Into His Face
Japan Creates Google Street View Just for Cats
Phoenix man shoots self by accident while trying to show gun wouldn't fire
The Weather Channel reports 'firenado' on Kentucky lake 'brimming with bourbon'
PRO-LIMOS "Only the best for our PUNTERS!"
11 year old shoots a 16 year old home intruder in the head
"Who runs Hollywood?" Google Direct answers: "Jews"
Missouri 11-year-old fatally shoots 16-year-old intruder
US man loses job offer after sending naked selfies to boss
Japan has invented a 'Google Maps'-style street view for cats
Student uses Barbie Jeep to get around after DWI
Afroman ordered to attend anger management sessions after punching twerking fan
Strident drives Barbie Jeep around campus after getting busted for DWI
A hotel that looks like a couple having sex has been erected. Of course it has.
Apopka gun maker etches scripture on assault rifle
Bobby Jindal's Cure for New Orleans Syphilis Outbreak Is to Defund Planned Parenthood
North Korean all-girl band 'created by Kim Jong-un'
Frozen Meat, Chain Saw Taken During Michigan Break-In
These American Cities Purrr-secute Cat Lovers
Kentucky Man Tries to Dig Up Dad So He Can 'Go to Heaven'
A broken heart really can kill you, study reveals
Teen arrested after he allegedly posts Eminem lyrics on Instagram
Court strips lesser prairie chicken of federal protection
Court overturns heroin dealer's prison sentence of up to 216 years, calling it 'excessive'
Rude as hell fish ejaculates all over President Obama
Fresno Man Enters Burning Apartment to Rescue Rack of Ribs
Forget Crosswalk Buttons, Pound the 'Walkbump'
Netflix is now more popular than eating and sex.
Man loses licence after drink-driving in toy Barbie car
Accused Pedophile Told Cop "The Bible Did Not Set Limits on the Age Between Two Partners"
Even millennials hate millennials, poll says
Shah Rukh Khan buys luxury vanity van worth £400,000
IFA 2015: the Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star is a smartphone made of denim
Alaskan Fish Identifies President Obama as Potential Mate
An Albuquerque carwash owner who, prosecutors said, laundered money for a large New Mexico drug trafficking ring was sentenced Tuesday to 15 months in prison.
Pastor convinces followers to blow him for his "holy milk"
Spanish speaking anchor on English show questioned for using Spanish accent on Spanish words
Double Mastectomies Are on the Rise - in Men
Twerking Stormtroopers Take Over Times Square
This soap dispenser is absolutely racist
Little Girl's Wonder Woman Lunchbox Deemed "Too Violent" for School
Limp Bizkit front man is so enamored with Russia, he wants to become a citizen
Ringwood market tent set up around parked car
Tenn. judge refuses to grant straight couple a divorce because ... gay marriage
Bentley Bentayga Claims "World's Fastest SUV" Title, by 1 km/h
Courthouse Guards Cite Man After Sword Found Concealed in Cane
Custody battle waged over San Francisco Bay Bridge chicken
Kitten Jumps From Third-Floor Window, Escapes Cat-Filled Apartment
Yobs spray 'die Muslims die' in graffiti attack - on Sikh temple in Thornaby
Minnesota Man Walks Around Naked After Finishing in Last Place in Fantasy Football League
Bankers who lose their jobs in 2015 are worried they'll never get rehired
Duggar cousin: I can't wait to change my last name
'No Californians' stickers being slapped on For Sale signs in Portland
Texas State student with DWI arrest has new ride: Barbie Jeep
Lawmaker: Synthetic weed leaving streets full of 'zombies'
That Drowned Syrian Boy on the Beach is Obama's fault
Petco won't sell goldfish to Persians on spring equinox, lawsuit says
Google 'direct answers' service said 'Jews' run Hollywood
College Students in Fargo, South Dakota Set Up a Telescope, Police Threaten to Shoot Them
Antonio Banderas is now designing capes
Come to think of it, my WiFi is giving me a headache too - woman gets disability pay for "WiFi allergy"
Russian town besieged by hungry bears
Federal Judge who overturned Tom Brady's suspension had him on his Fantasy Team
Pilgrim divides opinion as he takes hoverboard to Mecca
Louisiana Police Officer Is Upset That He Was Fired for Attending KKK Rally
North Korean karaoke stirs fear of mass propaganda sing-along in South
Man arrested after getting trapped in Wildhorse air vent
BJs For Jesus: Pastor Convinces Women To Take His 'Holy Milk' In The Name Of God
Dorina Rosin and her partner Maika Suneagle, from Hawaii, will have a 'dolphin-assisted' birth.
Airline passenger tasered over "man-purse" dispute
Captain Crunch beats Deez Nuts in 2016 presidential poll
Russia sets up 'wedding police'
Minnesota Uses 'Dramatic Chipmunk' to Distract Opposing Kicker
Egg producers caught conspiring to shut down a vegan mayo startup
Researchers Say Women Less Likely Than Men to Kill Hitler, if They Could Travel Back in Time
Student drives Barbie Jeep after DWI because riding bike 'like really sucks'
VP Biden caught checking wristwatch during president's meeting with Saudi King Salman
How Secure Channels Attempted to Intimidate a Critic and Failed Spectacularly
A Texas State Student Replaced Her Car with a Toy Barbie Jeep After Getting a DUI
Party girl drives Barbie Jeep around campus following DWI
Man Rescues Ribs from Burning Apartment
Suspect says he killed Dubuque woman because there "was nothing better to do"
Unable to recognize voices, unless it's Sean Connery
Cleveland Sherrif raffles off a puppy!
McDonald's all-day breakfast is an abomination
For those of you who don't understand the "Black Lives Matter" movement.
College EMT Professor Struck and Killed By Own Car In Own Driveway - EMT Responders Don't Try To Revive
Emoji's to overtake words as the most spoken language?
Ex-Supervisor Admits Bootlegging DVDs at Labor Dept. Headquarters
Custody battle waged over Bay Bridge chicken
AC/DC concert to have on-site sexual assault nurse
"Captain Underpants" Outs A Main Character In The Most Wonderful Way Possible
Texas school bus driver fired after not noticing 3 drunk women riding with kids.
Pooping cyclist who started Idaho wildfire to be fined
Kevin Spacey's big brother is Boise, Idaho's #1 Rod Stewart impersonator and limo driver.
2 North Carolina teens hit with child porn charges after consensual sexting
Slovakian Member of Parliament builds a wall to block entry to an unlicensed payday loan company.
Bernie Sanders' secret weapon? Reddit.
Woman nods off during Jeb speech
More than 23,000 Cannondale bicycles recalled for fall risk
CAITLYN JENNER LUKE WARM ON GAY MARRIAGE
Naked Man Runs Around Times Square For Hours; Police Stand By
Texas university student Tara Monroe rides Barbie Jeep after losing driver's license in DWI arrest
A Boozy Upscale Taco Bell is Coming to San Francisco
#DeadRaccoonTO honoured at CNE butter sculpture showcase
Man shoots self while trying to show gun wouldn't fire
Floyd Mayweather trains clutching hundreds of thousands of dollars
Your cat doesn't care that much about you. Study.
We should be very scared about CERN
Rib man rescues family from Calif. fire, then saves BBQ food
Man rescues children and ribs from apartment fire
Amsterdam to repay Jews fined for late rents in WWII
How Big Egg Tried To Bring Down Little Mayo (And Failed)
Thousands of gallons of whiskey accidentally released into Lake, struck by lightning and sacked up into a flaming tornado
HOME>U.S. Workers Accused of Day Care 'Fight Club' Plead Not Guilty
Workers Accused of Day Care 'Fight Club' Plead Not Guilty
Party That Mocked President's Lack of Experience Favors One with No Experience Whatsoever
Why drivers in China intentionally kill the pedestrians they hit
Man With 19 Inch Wang - World Record Penis?
Jessica Alba's Honest Company Sued for Being 'Deceptive' After Sunscreen Scandal
Garbage bins mysteriously turn into minions overnight, and locals celebrate the 'binions'
Buddy of mine wrestled gun from home invader and shot him with it
Govt bans Saudis from adopting Syria orphans
Hungry, aggressive polar bears lay siege to Russian weather station
Norwegian politician compares smoking bans to Nazi persecution of Jews
Citi's Chief Economist Recommends a Universal Basic Income
New children's book tells story of kittens rescued from Gaza
Two models in Russia just posed with a 1,400-pound bear
Karate expert testifies Indian grandfather's 'defensive resistance' led to leg sweep
Kevin Spacey's Brother Is a Limo-Driving Rod Stewart Impersonator in Boise
College Girl Starts Driving Barbie Jeep after DWI Arrest
Upcoming indie band anticipates Friday show
Garth Brooks Remaking "Friends in Low Places" with Jason Aldean, Florida Georgia Line
Theater shooter received supportive letters, money in jail
People prefer living near wind turbines to fracking wells - survey
Ky. clerk's attorney: New marriage licenses 'not worth the paper they're written on'
Is El Chapo hiding in Costa Rica? Net closes on the world's most wanted drug lord after his son forgets to switch off location data in Twitter picture
Burgers' Zoo's Tushi the chimp planned drone attack, researchers say
Police: Austin pizza thief caught red handed
Ted Cruz: "Southern States Should Build Their Own Nuclear Weapon To Protect Their Beliefs"
Woman shot at Tulsa bar overnight; drunk witnesses hinder investigation
It Just Looks Like A Woman Swimming With Dolphins. What She's Preparing For is the Alarming Part.
مشاهدة مسلسل من النظرة الثانية الجزء 2 الحلقة 32 مدبلج اون لاين
Catholic priest barred by Bishop from performing religious duties found secretly saying Mass in his house
Football league to introduce green cards for fair play
Former Catholic priest barred by Bishop from performing any religious duties found secretly saying Mass in his house
'I'm not even supposed to have a gun,' police say man with gun told them.
Cambridge Company Says Live Bacteria Spray Will Keep You Clean
This is America you get it right the first time
At West Point, Annual Pillow Fight Becomes Weaponized
After outcry, "edutainment" game removes slave-Tetris mode
30 injured after annual West Point pillow fight
Yukon MP Tackles, Arrests Woman Vandalizing His Campaign Sign
At West Point, Annual Pillow Fight Becomes Weaponized 10
Nên cắt bao quy đầu cho trẻ khi nào
Jared Fogle Mocks 'To Catch a Predator' Pervs in Newly Unearthed Footage
University in BC to start teaching a course about Beyoncé
Jared Fogle talked about 'To Catch a Predator' on VH1 back in 2008
Student's new ride after DWI arrest? A "Barbie Jeep"
Congress Is Coming Back, So The Government Could Be Shutting Down
Minneapolis church struck by lightning, destroying cross
3 Reasons Why Not Eating Pineapple On Pizza Makes You Worse Than Hitler
Star Wars fans, these may be the blankets you're looking for
Spanish police say seized pot plants are getting them high
Poll: Trump beats Hillary head-to-head
Aussie mother planning childcare centre for unvaccinated children
NSW mother planning childcare centre for unvaccinated children
Study Shows Even Millennials Hate Millennials
Jonathan Riddell (Kubuntu) demands your hugs.
USDA will no longer refer to small raisins as "midgets," after Little People petition
Annual pillow fight at West Point turns violent; 30 cadets hurt
US Military Academy pillow fight leaves 30 injured
Revealed: Tests discover some ham and cheese pizzas in Derbyshire don't contain ham or cheese
Snot-filled whale research takes flight
Túi chườm nóng món quà gửi gắm lời yêu thương | Túi Chườm Ấm
'Necrophilia legislator' on a crusade to outlaw loophole of arcane era
Chimp that attacked a drone with a stick planned ahead, researchers say
Texas Sheriff Says You Have To Obey the Police Because Their 'Authority Comes From God'
US cadets injured in pillow fight at prestigious academy
French farmers take park boss hostage over wolf attacks
Residency permit extended for refugee girl who Merkel made cry
College Student Proudly Drives Barbie Jeep After DWI Arrest
West Point's annual pillow fight turns violent, report
Benedict Cumberbatch's Deep Voice Is Sexist, He Needs To Speak Higher #PitchUpSherlock
Malnourished two-year-old found being breastfed by dog in Chile
United States military cadets injured in out-of-control pillow fight
David Bowie, John Legend, TI, And Aerosmith Are Writing The SpongeBob Squarepants Musical
Someone set up a petition to swap Katie Hopkins with 50,000 Syrian refugees
30 US soldiers injured in mass pillow fight. 24 unconscious, several dislocated shoulders and 1 broken leg
German named 'arse bombing' world champ
Woman Living In Bear Country Feels 'So Violated' After One Actually Drops By
West Point's annual pillow fight turns violent (Xpost from r/news)
Jim Beam explosion: Lightning strikes whiskey factory, making rivers flow with fire and alcohol
Online petition to rename Ohio peak for Palin emerges
David Beckham to launch second career in acting
Judge Tosses Evidence Involving Cocaine in Prosthetic Leg
Police: Home invader steals frozen meat and a chain saw
Woman plans to have baby in ocean despite shark warnings (X-Post from /r/offbeat)
Woman plans to have baby in ocean despite shark warnings
Aldi changes crackers packaging as it spells out C-word
Yukon MP tackles, arrests woman vandalising his election sign
KU students can't name KU football players
Obama says to congress, "Pass budget, avoid shutdown." Baby steps, guys
School sends 150 girls home 'because their skirts were too short'
Police search for man who asked a girl for directions. (xpost /r/tumblrinaction )
Fan who named brain tumor 'Aaron Rodgers' will be Chicago Bears' guest at season opener
Pillow fight at US military school leads to 24 concussions, one broken leg
Florida Woman Allegedly Offers Oral Sex To Drop DUI, Drug Charges
Crazy Fights - Play Crazy Fights Online Games
30 military cadets hurt in West Point pillow fight
College-bound teen fatally shoots himself while posing for selfie
30 cadets injured in bloody pillow fight at West Point
Indiana Jones Actor Ate Ex-Lover's Rabbit
Jessica Alba's Honest Company Sued For Alleged False Labeling
Pastor makes congregants perform fellatio, claiming that his "Holy Milk" will heal them
Meet a sommelier for water - CNN
Fans reckon Pete Doherty has "lost the plot" after bizarre Soccer AM performance
U.S. Military Pillow Fight Leaves 30 Injured
Accused carjacker to witness: I only rob white people
Bernie drenched in sweat from his third speech of the day in the heat. "Brothers and sisters, you are not living in a democracy; you are living in an oligarchy
Wasps may have stung me in the testicles - but I love them anyway
Florida gunmaker puts Bible verse on its assault rifles so they won't be used by Muslim terrorists
19-Year-Old Fatally Shoots Self While Posing For Instagram Selfie With Gun
10 Katie Hopkins Quotes That Make You Hate Her Even More
Trains For Women || Corbyn Sparks Discussion About Women Only Train Carriages
Alaskan woman steals police car with husband handcuffed in back
Police called to man in underpants juggling knives on a ladder in King's Lynn
U.S. cadets injured in pillow fight at prestigious academy
'El Chapo': Drug boss's son accidentally reveals fugitive's location on Twitter
Man Escapes Death After Wife Tried To Suffocate Him By Motorboating His Face With Her 38DD Breasts
Dude With A 19 Inch Dick Wants To File For Disability
An Airline Passenger Allegedly Threatened to Bring Down the Plane If She Couldn't Sit With Her Cat
Clinton's paid state staffer to set up private email server
West Point pillowfight leaves 30 cadets injured
Kayaker saved by pilot Monday morning went missing again Monday night
War Criminal ice cream!
Florida gunmaker produces assault rifle 'never to be used by Muslim terrorists'
Pillow fight at West Point leaves 30 cadets injured
'Satanic' Harry Potter books burnt
Woman accidentally impregnated with black man's sperm has legal case dismissed
At West Point, Annual Pillow Fight Becomes Weaponized [xpost r/military]
Tiny Fedoras for Hipster Man Buns, A Possible New Trend Supposedly Spotted in Seattle
Man sues Oregon nursing home over penis amputation
Your lack of self control might actually boost your savings according to a new study.
Would-Be Carjacker Would Have Gotten Away it if it Weren't for That Pesky Auto Transmission
Auburn vs Louisville Live Stream
Who's the real action hero? Putin meets Hollywood star Steven Seagal as he claims to have secured deal with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to call snap elections
New York millionaire leaves $100,000 trust fund for 32 cockatiels
Philadelphia Flyers Fans Have Launched a GoFundMe to buy the Pittsburgh Penguins citing already "owning" them.
Yelling at a little girl over climate change: Chris Christie hits a new low
Flyers Fans Have Launched a GoFundMe Campaign to Buy the Penguins
Rootworm - the billion dollar pest
Heavenote - A way to leave your loved ones a final message
Military cadets injured during mass pillow fight
Cops fire 84 shots at robbery suspect, hit him once
Report: West Point Cadets Hurt in Violent Pillow Fight
Malnourished child saved by breastfeeding dog, rescued by police
Man in wheelchair steals $3k of gear from fire truck during commercial blaze
West Point Pillow Fight Reportedly Leaves Dozens Injured: 'If You Don't Come Back with a Bloody Nose, You Didn't Try Hard Enough'
Students Are Getting Bonus SAT Points For Being Black Or Hispanic
West Point Cadets Hurt in Violent Pillow Fight
Pillow fight at West Point leads to 24 concussions
White woman accidentally impregnated with black man's sperm loses legal battle
Kim Davis' Attorney Compares Her To Jews Living In Nazi Germany, Invokes Images Of Gas Chambers
Annual pillow fight at West Point turns violent; 30 injured
Gun-maker creates 'anti-Muslim' gun complete with Bible verse
Hollywood woman finds iguana in toilet
Tommy Wiseau Wants To Direct The Fantastic Four Sequel
Millennialls hate millennials, Pew finds
Toddler dies of an overdose after mother brings her to a drug deal
Member Career Networking | Alumni Association of the University of Michigan
Megyn Kelly's forte not Pa. Megan's
Day care centre workers 'ran toddler Fight Club'
Police investigating stolen hot dog stand
Police investigating hot dog stand theft
Young Driver Jams iPhone into Tape Deck, Dilutes Our Faith in Mankind
FSU Graduate Stephanie Ritter Is Selling Her College Diploma On eBay For $50,000
Science Proves: Pop Music Has Actually Gotten Worse
Anti-kidnapping expert kidnapped in Mexico
Russia: 'Wedding police' tackle unruly guests
POLICE: BURGLARY SUSPECT REVEALS PLANS WITH 911 'BUTT DIAL'
Judicial tyranny: Kentucky judge does with a gavel what Bull Connor did with dogs and fire hoses
Kirby: I'm not going back to Sunday school until it's more interesting
The One Thing Hillary Clinton Can't Live Without? Sleep.
Cop says photo of him saluting at KKK rally was "taken out of context"
They are rallying around the clerk that denied gay marriage...
Annual Pillow Fight at West Point Injures 30 Cadets
Wisconsin Player Leaves Game With Head Injury After Lining Up In Wrong Backfield
Kim Davis lawyer compares her experience in jail to that of a Jew living in Navy Germany.
Ohio father found guilty of injecting son with heroin every day for a month
13 Crashes in 1 Week at Roundabout
Jeb Bush looks to galvanize conservative support with a #ForceFriday Star Wars GIF
13 Car Crashes in 1 Week at New Lakeville Roundabout
30 hurt as traditional pillow fight at West Point turns rough
Cops fire 84 shots at robbery suspect, hit him once: police
Always check the toilet before you sit down.
Brooklyn bandit busted after getting shot in leg by NYPD, who fired 84 shots in wild gunfight: police
Pennsylvania man celebrates bachelor party alone in Chicago after friends' flights canceled
Taipei to roll out new metro cards featuring Japanese porn star Yui Hatano
Your cat doesn't love you: science
Republican Lawmaker Wants Children To Have Genital Inspections Before Playing School Sports
US cadets injured in pillow fight at West Point academy
Texans offer governor novel alternatives to lethal injection
30 West Point students injured as annual pillow fight turns nasty
Thirty West Point cadets required treatment for concussions, bloody noses, split lips and other injuries when a pillow fight turned into a brawl.
Firing squad, blood-draining among suggestions sent to Gov. Greg Abbott to continue Texas death penalty
West Point Investigating Pillow Fight That Turned into Bloody Brawl
Captain Crunch Beating Deez Nuts in New Poll
Broken bones, dislocated shoulders and cadets taken away in an ambulance: 30 West Point students injured as annual PILLOW FIGHT turns nasty
Pillow fight at West Point leaves 30 cadets injured, including 24 with concussions, one with broken nose
More Pets Are Eating Marijuana, And It's Not A Happy High : Shots
Getty Is Quietly Charging Bloggers For 'Socially Awkward Penguin' Meme
US elite military academy annual pillowfight ends in broken bones and concussions.
30 injured in West Point pillow fight
Soldiers injured in pillow fight
Did 'El Chapo' Guzman's son tweet fugitive's location?
Man in wheelchair steals $3k of equipment from fire truck during commercial blaze
What can eggs teach us about equality
u/JohnOliver - Test Post - Do Not Give Gold - Test Post - Detroit
30 injured as West Point's annual pillow fight turns violent
'One hell of a pillow fight' West Point tradition turns violent; 24 concussions
"Ottomans were the first to reach the moon," says Turkish president.
Office space for rent
Tom Brady Exposed as Closet Donald Trump Supporter
Not Florida: A Drunk Kentucky Guy Tried to Dig up His Father's Corpse to Argue With It
Spilled Beer Leads To Fatal Shooting At Illinois Gas Station
Spilled beer can leads to fatal shooting at gas station
Custody battle begins over chicken that snarled traffic on San Francisco Bay Bridge
NETHERLANDS TO TREAT AGGRESSIVE FELONS WITH FOOD SUPPLEMENTS
Owners Leave Southern Illinois Restaurant Deserted, Vanish Without Trace
30 West Point cadets hurt in pillow fight
Israel is shipping its deported Africans off to Sweden
U.S. Gun Maker Creates 'Crusader' Rifle That ISIS 'Can't Touch'
Polk County deputies say Joshua Warren is caught on camera orchestrating heist of $271K of King Crab
Man with 'world's longest penis' has Weighed it to prove its real. X-ray pics included
30 Cadets Injured in West Point Pillow Fight
#GodHatesAdultery: Westboro Baptist church turns on Kim Davis for causing 'F*g marriage'
Readers' lives: Not-local man discovers he enjoys reading Cheddar Valley Gazette
Kermit the Frog's New Girlfriend Outrages Feminists
แทงบอลไทยออนไลน์ ฉลามกุมขมับ นูรูลเดี้ยงซ้ำข้อเท้าซ้าย ส่อชวดบู๊บีจี
Westboro Baptist Joins the Anti-Kim Davis Bandwagon But the Reason May Surprise You
Westboro Baptist Church To Protest Kim Davis For Causing 'F*g Marriage' Because Of Her Divorces
Westboro Baptist Church Condemns Jailed County Clerk Kim Davis
Russian Town Invaded, Ruled by Hungry Bears
In will, NYC millionaire bequeaths $100,000 to 32 cockatiels
A Man And His Family Decided To Kill Themselves Because They Were Not Allowed To Go Home
A White Supremacist Holds an Entire American City Hostage
Retirement is good for you, says German study
Millionaire Leaves $100k To Pet Cockatiels
Oakland: Custody battle over "Chip" the Bay Bridge chicken?
Judge Joe Brown likens self to Nelson Mandela, calls out jail he was housed in for 5 days
Man confusedly rates his mushroom trip on trip advisor
Chicago hospital sues to stop Riot Fest, claims patients will be "unable to peacefully heal" due to noise
Sarah Palin wants everyone to 'speak American'
Hardik softens, offers to quit from Patidar group
Violent West Point Pillow Fight Under Investigation
Kansas State sorry after marching band display turns into space porn
DIVINE? 'Hillary' replaces 'Jesus' in campaign rally song
Sarah Palin to immigrants: 'Speak American'
Palin praises Bush for being bilingual, but says English is 'unifying aspect' of America
History Professor Denies Native Genocide: Native Student Disagrees, Gets Expelled From Course
French woman wins disability payments for Wi-Fi allergy
Westboro Baptist Church turns against Kentucky clerk Kim Davis for not being Christian enough
Dolphin-Assisted Childbirth Is a Bad Idea
Malaysia's 10-0 loss to UAE may have been caused by 'paranormal beings', claims 'Islamic' medical expert
Sarah Palin on immigrants: 'When you're here, let's speak American'
Kansas sperm donor fights back after state forces him to pay child support
Genius girl, 12, outsmarts Einstein and Stephen Hawking with a perfect IQ score
Sarah Palin: If You're in America, 'Speak American'
Ignoring the Cause of Welfare: Not Laziness but Low Wages
Johnny Depp: 'I killed my dogs and ate them'
12-year-old Indian origin girl achieves what Einstein couldn't, scores 162 on Mensa IQ test
The Hottest Bar in Philly Is on Top of a Shuttered Public School
Wealthy Gulf Nations Are Criticized for Tepid Response to Syrian Refugee Crisis
The Makers of a New AR-15 Want to Keep it Away From Terrorists. So They Etched it With a Bible Verse
She said see you l8ter boi
Damon Wayans Defends Bill Cosby, Calls Victims 'Unrapeable'
Deez Nuts Drops Into The State Fair Crush
Watch Damon Wayans Defend Bill Cosby, Calls Accusers 'Un-Rape-Able'
Conservatives protest Labor Day with a "Work-in"
Honeybee Heists A New Reality In A Time Of Colony Collapse
French parents banned from naming their child Nutella or Fraise
West Point pillow fight turns violent; 30 injured
Sarah Palin would like to be energy secretary - but not for long
Police looking for suspect who asked for directions
Kansas State band apologizes for halftime performance
Police: Prospective Employee Sexted a Naked Selfie to Company's HR Manager
McDonald's launches Irish 'McMór' burger... and Sinn Fein MLA brands it 'partitionist'
Motorcycle passenger killed during benefit ride for another motorcyclist
Sarah Palin: Ship illegal Mexican immigrants back over ocean by boat.
Ohio funeral home puts wrong body in casket for viewing
Rib man rescues family from Calif. fire, then saves BBQ ribs
Florida woman offers cops oral sex if they dropped charges
Car crashes into Tree while Driver takes Selfie
The star pupil who scored zero in all her exams
Christie says rock climbing walls 'epidemic' hitting U.S. colleges
911 'butt dial' leads cops to burglary suspect
Fine Dining May Solve Puerto Rico's Invasive Iguana Problem
Westboro Astonishes Everyone by Slamming Anti-Gay Clerk Kim Davis - The Reason Why is Vile, But Hilarious
Invasive Fish Used to Feed Homeless (and Bears)
Hot dog stand stolen from Wasaga Beach home.
Damon Wayans Defends Bill Cosby, Calls Accusers "Un-Rape-Able"
Damon Wayans Sides With Bill Cosby, Calls Alleged Victims 'Un-Rape-able'
Ice Cube Says He Plans to Vote for Kanye West: "Who's Better?"
Sarah Palin Says If You Want to Be in America You Better Speak American
Traveler tried to smuggle nearly 3 pounds of cocaine in her bra, say customs officials
Natalie Portman in Lanvin sunwear
Louisiana guard accused of raping inmate after telling him, 'I got you now'
Gay-Hating Westboro Church Protests Ky. Clerk Who Denied Same-Sex Marriages
Police investigate suspicious package at Indianapolis Zoo, discovered it was family's cooler
Kansas State University Marching Band Accidentally Performs Sex Scene
Lightning Strike Causes Whiskey Firenado At Jim Beam Factory
Conservative candidate Jerry Bance caught in CBC sting urinating in homeowner's coffee mug
Man Instagrams the Loneliest Bachelor Party of All Time
Immigrants in U.S. should 'speak American': Ex-VP nominee Palin
2 Boy Scouts Are Challenging Americans to Show That Blue Lives Matter
Al-Jazeera journalists jailed for airing 'false news', Egyptian court ruling says
JESSICA ALBA'S HONEST COMPANY FACES $5 MILLION LAWSUIT OVER "UNNATURAL INGREDIENTS"
Sarah Palin: Immigrants in U.S. should 'speak American'
Who will put out company fires when tech workers are at Burning Man?
Detroit carjacker to witness: 'You good, I only rob white people'
Vox: Republicans like Ben Carson because they're racists
Last riot at Kingman prison could have been prevented by water, lunch
GOP base: Obama wasn't born in US, but Cruz was
Canadian Conservative candidate caught urinating in homeowner's coffee mug.
"The Room" Director Tommy Wiseau Wants to Direct "Fantastic Four 2"
Canadian Conservative candidate Jerry Bance caught urinating in homeowner's coffee mug
Newly discovered 'superhenge' dwarfs Stonehenge
Man running for seat in Canadian Parliament caught on camera urinating in coffee mug during house call with his appliance repair business.
Police Chief Responded To Racism Complaint By Comparing Black People To Monkeys
Pillow Fight Turns Bloody at Military Academy
Why You Hate Google's New Logo
'The Room' Director Wants to Direct 'Fantastic Four 2'
Dalai Lama can't deny China central government's role in reincarnation
Teen charged after fake dynamite alarm clock seized by airport security
Curiosity Finds a 'Floating Spoon' on Mars
US Military Academy pillow fight leaves 30 injured: report
Pillow fight at US Military Academy turns violent as 30 cadets are left injured
NYPD Officers Fire 84 Shots At Suspect, Miss 83 Times
Kansas State's Marching Band 'Accidentally' Made A Super NFSW Formation
Canadian candidate, who urinated into coffee cup, apologizes
Young driver mistakes cassette slot in car for iPhone dock
Canadian politician caught on camera pissing into homeowner's coffee cup
Black guy freaks a Korean woman by removing a scary mask from his face
China women turn to the sun as a replacement for food
Requirements of a Good Bollywood Website
I swear, I was just riding my bike - minding my own business. The horse just attacked me and bit my penis off!
I swear - I was just riding my bike - and the horse just attacked me and bit my penis off. No word if the horse's breath smelled of peanut butter.
Kansas State Band Depicts Jayhawk Deepthroating a Penis
Pupil challenges teacher who says there was no genocide against the Native Americans. Pupil expelled from class
Sarah Palin says immigrants to the US should 'speak American'
University of Tennessee switches gender-specific pronouns 'he' and 'she' for 'xe' and 'ze' to promote inclusivity
West Point Pillow Fight Ends With Concussions, Broken Leg as 30 Cadets Injured
'Unicorn woman' appeals for help as rare condition causes hornlike growth
15 Types of People You Find in Every Gym
Woman rings Esperance police to complain about lack of marijuana.
Muslim flight attendant refuses to do her job and serve alcohol on flight, gets suspended then decides to file discrimination complaint
Man jailed after police find chicken porn and indecent images of children on his laptop
Walter Palmer doesn't rule out going back to Zimbabwe, killing more lions
How to Fix a Phone which is Dropped in the Toilet
Staff bus for New Mexico State's football team target of theft in stadium lot during game
Fat feminist says we should stop hating fat people but we should still call them fat
مشاهدة ون بيس الحلقة 709 مترجمة اون لاين
Putin claims Russia will run out of children if gays marry each other
UK warns parents about '90s internet teen slang
Six-year-old boy has penis bitten off by pet horse as he plays on his bike
Teenage chat guide helps parents spot online dangers
To Get Back at Obama, There's a Petition to Name an Ohio Mountain After Sarah Palin
London Bus Stop Closed Due To 'Polar Bear' In The Road
Police rescue child being breastfed by dog
Purwakarta limits dating hours, threatens forced marriage
WH Petition: Rename Ohio's Highest Peak To 'Mount Sarah Palin'
Esperance woman calls the police to complain about the lack of cannabis in town
Vodka treatment saves poisoned puppy
China's anti-graft watchdog again warns against dark side of the mooncakes
Tax Evasion Investigation Began After Feds Spotted Mansion From Sky
DRAGON LORE!? Skrzynki cobblestone z esl cologne 2015 CS:GO!
Chechnya a 'Model of Peace and Harmony' Says Kadyrov
Canadian candidate sorry for peeing in coffee cup.
Hackers can turn your home computer into a bomb
Porn app took secret photos of users
A firm called 6S Marketing 'urges' Apple to skip ahead to the iPhone 7
Dutch Holocaust survivors assaulted while being called "dirty Jews". Local police investigate whether the motive behind the attack was anti-semitism
Tom Brady apparently wants to Make America Great Again
Rosetta Takes Picture Of '260ft Alien Corpse' On Comet
Fantastic Four 2: Tommy Wiseau Wants To Direct
Sarah Palin, Once Code-Named Denali, Likes McKinley Better
Ex-VP nominee Palin: Immigrants in U.S. should 'speak American'
Does Israeli soccer dabble in the black arts?
Kentucky Clerk Appeals Her Jailing Over Gay Marriage
Obsession, for cats? The cologne marketed to men as "catnip for women" actually works. Only, not on women, but on jungle cats.
Down the drain: Canadian candidate out after urinating video
A Toronto businessman who had been running for Parliament with Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper's party made the wrong kind of splash and is out of the race after being caught on video urinating in a coffee cup.
Man suffers life-threatening injuries in fall from golf cart
Fireman Calmed Down A Kid By Showing Him Happy Feet On His Phone. This Is Adorable!
Detroit Carjacker Tells Black Bystander, 'You Good, I only Rob White People'
The Saviour Of Radio Returns! Radio God Chris Moyles to Radio X
China Continues Restricting Access To VPNs
Jerry Bance, Conservative caught peeing in mug, no longer candidate, party says [Canadian Election]
Receptionist with no medical training glues boy's eye shut during procedure
Carjacker Reassures Scared Witness: 'Oh, You Good. I Only Rob White People'
Scientists Calculated How Much Lembas Bread Would be Needed to Walk to Mordor
Colleges relate sex to tea, video games to help students get the message
College band performs 'Star Trek,' ends up in phallic controversy
Lawyer gets FAA to approve paper airplanes as drones.
PewDiePie Becomes First YouTuber to Hit 10 Billion Views
The men evading Tajikistan's de-facto beard ban
Man described by judge as "nightmare on the streets" with 96 previous convictions breaks cops nose and only gets 8 months in jail.
U.S. Court Says A Chicken Sandwich Can't Be Copyrighted
Canada election candidate quits after urinating in mug
Florida Seniors Learn Cane-Fu As Defense
Day Care Workers Running Baby Fight Club Plead Not Guilty
Harry Styles corrects fan's grammar during concert
Green Party leader not the only one who can't ride a bike
China's government to 'manage' public dancing
Smart phone ingredient found in plant extracts
Democrats Nominate Shy Trucker For Governor Of Mississippi
Chris Brown bails on gay pride appearance because gay men were present
POLL SHOWS DONALD TRUMP WOULD BEAT DEMOCRATS IN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION
Today, the Queen is the longest reigning British monarch! Long live the Queen!
The Australian Government Is Running A TV Commercial About How Amazing Coal Is.
Sarah Palin Says She'd Fire Herself If She Was Appointed Energy Secretary
Quebec doctors can now prescribe exercise
Should I worry if my child is a goth?
Boy's eye glued shut by clinic receptionist with no medical training
Receptionist with no medical training glues boy's eye shut during procedure Private medical clinic says doctor was performing 'crucial medical task' of holding boy
Kroger installing in-store beer taps
Lawyer for Kim Davis compares her to Martin Luther King
Second Tory candidate axed in one day: Tim Dutaud revealed as YouTube prankster 'the Unicaller'
Black Socks With PT Uniform Atop Issues Facing Army's Enlisted Leader
Meet 'Mark', the crazy genius who designed an aeroplane while drunk
San Antonio Texas high school football players target ref because of a bad call.
Fake rice made with paper found in Guangdong
Morning Mix White woman accidentally impregnated with black man's sperm loses legal battle
NC Teen Charged As Adult For Taking & Having Naked Pics of a Minor - Himself
Westboro Baptist Church Sides With The LGBT Community On The Kim Davis Issue
Lesbos "On the verge of explosion"
Westboro Baptist Church Decries Ky. Clerk Who Denied Same-Sex Marriages
New map lets you wander Hiroshima from a cat's perspective
French couple having sex on ancient fortress wall fall into moat and die
Woman miscarries famous athlete's baby. Still sues for $2 million in child support.
Oklahoma gun range gets liquor license
North Korean Soldier Defects by Walking to South Korea
Kansas State University Band Apologizes for Sex Toy-Styled Half-Time Show Formation
The Opposite of Hoarding
Man loses license drunk driving a toy Barbie car
800,000 gallons of Jim Beam accidentally released into a Kentucky lake bursts into flames after being hit by lightning... before a tornado sucks the flaming liquid 100 feet up into the air
Drone-Swatting Chimp's Moves More Calculated Than We Thought
Police Chief 'Compared Black People To Monkeys' After Racism Complaint
SEE IT: Woman wears 'Won't Be Caught' shirt while stealing handbags from Marshalls in Florida, cops say
Stick shift foils car robbery, police say
Texas man tried to write his name on Alamo wall with car key
Dwayne Johnson Saves Drowning Puppy
Chosen by Mississippi Democrats, Shy Trucker Is at a Crossroad
Android porn app secretly takes your picture then demands $500 RANSOM
Daycare Employees Who Started a 'Baby Fight Club' Are Headed to Court
Tour of Alberta bike riders go the wrong way, official blames bike racing
Sarah Palin wants to be Donald Trump's energy secretary, has no idea what the job entails
Texas lawyer exposes religious hiring test for peace officers: County only wanted Baptist constables
College Student In Hospital After Dorm Fight Over $485,287 Pokies Jackpot
Porn app secretly photographs users and then hijacks phone, demands ransom.
Rand Paul Says Native Americans Would Have it Easier if They Just Assimilated
Jeb Accuses Trump of Being a New Yorker
Woman Caught Shamelessly Pinching a Loaf in Broad Daylight on California Lawn
Long Scoop Neck Gown with Cap Sleeves 70% off and free shipping!
Deer get the munchies, devour hemp crops at Ore. farm
Katy Perry's dad Keith schools the singer after she falls off Segway
Katy Perry stacks it on a Segway at Burning Man
Man ticketed for broken windshield while trying to fix it.
Ride, hustle, kill, repeat: the underground cycle gangs of Los Angeles
Christmas pudding fire in Barnstaple tackled by crews
nguyên nhân hẹp bao quy đầu
British paralympian canoeist who says she has no feeling in her legs is axed because her condition 'is entirely in her mind'
India's politicians blame rape on Chinese food, cell phones, jeans
Abz from boyband 5ive is selling his Brit Award on eBay to fund purchase of Topsoil and Garden Tools.
The man charged with eradicating ice in Victoria wants to decriminalise it
Lawsuit: Montana Dam Transfer to Tribes Is Security Risk
Sarah Palin: "Native Americans Should Go Back to Nativia."
Student designs entire aeroplane drunk
Plans for 'BBC North Korea' met with skepticism
Police Fire 84 Shots At Man And Miss 83 Times
Deer devour hemp crops on southern Oregon farm
Public given the chance to name UK and Irish storms
South Africa: Zulu Reed Dance disrupted by "evil spirits"
Homeopathy conference ends in chaos after delegates take hallucinogenic drug
Irish public can now name our most severe storms
Online fossil hunters to help comb Kenyan desert
Sarah Palin Wants to Be Donald Trump's Energy Secretary
Ted Cruz to Star in Government Shutdown, the Sequel
Texas HS football players intentionally hit referee
Sperm whale vomit set to fetch £7000 at auction
Boys aged 5 'tunnel their way out of kindergarten' to buy 'grown up car' at Jaguar showroom
In China, victim compensation laws have created a culture of making sure you kill the pedestrian you hit.
Teen charged with mischief after bringing bomb-shaped clock to Pearson
geometry calculations prophesy about present day celebrities
Chinese Government says they will decide into whom the Dalai Lama will reincarnate
Statistician discovers the formula for a perfect pair of tights
UK to accept 20,000 refugees from Syria by 2020
Swallowing live frogs did not, in fact, stop Chinese tot's seizures
Gnomes In Police Custody
Man shot and killed over spilled beer
Canadian Prime Minister Locks Himself In Brazilian Bathroom Until He Gets His Way
Hoax calls, an affair, nude pics and murder
Father of British Isis fighters fears they are on government hitlist
Last person in the queue should be served first, research claims.
Hillary Clinton to Show More Humor and Heart, Aides Say
Trucker choking on soft drink crashes into dealership
A Jogging Biden Hears Calls to 'Run, Joe, Run!'
Voluminous Versailles vagina viciously violated - again
[meta] /r/nottheonion hits 4 Million subscribers
Woman tricked friend into having sex by pretending to be a man, court hears
Escapologist tried to outdo Houdini by being buried alive in handcuffs under six feet of soil - but he nearly died and had to be rescued
Buried Alive escape bid almost proves fatal after escapologist Antony Britton is pulled from ground unconscious
Burning Man founder addresses diversity problem by suggesting black people don't like camping because of slavery
Apple Watch owners surprised to find that watch is used for telling the time
Drunken Kanagawa man arrested after kicking SoftBank robot
Fan Changes His Name To 'Man United Dick'
Drunk man arrested in latest outburst of anti-robot violence
Kim Davis supporters gather outside judge's home to hold him 'in contempt of God's court'
Campaign Quote of the Day: Trump Thinks His Prep School Education Was Just Like Serving in the Military
Homeopathy conference in Germany ends in chaos after delegates take hallucinogenic drug
Woman discovers boyfriend of two years is woman when she removes blindfold during sex
Jared Fogle mocked 'To Catch A Predator' molesters on national television
Commuter Cupid - Play Commuter Cupid Online Games
Woman's life "ruined" after finding boyfriend she had sex with was a woman wearing a prosthetic penis
Muslim 'suspended for not serving alcohol' on flights
Mega-rare whale vomit found by dog walker on UK beach set to fetch £7,000 at auction
Whale Vomit Set to Fetch 7,000 Pounds at Auction
Temple University Student Searches for Missing Blanket
Driven to Kill: Why drivers in China intentionally kill the pedestrians they hit.
The University of Iowa's new president has no experience, no ideas, and flubbed his own résumé
The Rock Spent Labor Day Weekend Rescuing His Puppies From Drowning In A Pool
Councillor Norm Kelly wants pedestrians to give drivers the finger
Kansas State Band Insists They Were Not In Dong Formation
Kim Davis is no Rosa Parks
Guests at Homeopathy Conference Accidentally Take Hallucinogens
Most read Top Videos News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGALEXANDER PACTEAUREFUGEE CRISISIPHONE 6SUK WEATHERNEXT LABOUR LEADER Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News World news Viral One legged assassin tries to shoot up shop on crutches
Satanists petition Arkansas for a place at the Capitol
Police release sketch of "John Doe" found in northern Colorado Springs
One-legged man on crutches attempts to shoot shoppers in Turkey
The silence of the corn dogs: Taste of Colorado unofficial end of summer
Frankenvirus emerges from Siberia's frozen wasteland
Whisky returns from space with enhanced flavor
Russian unhappy with cosmetic surgery shoots doctor
Drunk man arrested for kicking SoftBank's emotion-reading robot in Japan
Somerville man gives cops wrong name that had warrants
Trump: I always 'felt that I was in the military'
Police find fully loaded handgun in female's vagina
Christian assault rifles now available
Massachusetts chemical engineer who hasn't showered in 12 years helps launch skin care product line with natural bacteria
Man Who Hasn't Showered In 12 Years To Sell The Secret Spray That Keeps Him 'Clean'
John McAfee Email: 'My Staff Is Filing The Paperwork' For Presidential Run
John McAfee, Eccentric Tech Exec With Links To Drugs, Guns And Murder Inquiries, To Run For US President: Exclusive
Central Texas police allegedly find loaded handgun in woman's vagina during traffic stop
UF Computer Science Department Teaches Kids how to Protect Personal Information, then Proceeds to Public said Kids' Names, Ages, Location, Images and which Schools they Attend
Pot Revenue Is So High in Colorado, State Will Have to Reimburse Taxpayers
Westboro Astonishes Everyone by Slamming Anti-Gay Clerk Kim Davis
Man accused of stealing bike registered to Saginaw judge
Texas Woman Warns Police About Gun in Her Vagina
Woman 'sexually assaulted by female friend who pretended she was male'
Conservative MP claims he can't get a haircut because refugees are 'going on holiday'
Michigan man stabbed after finding wife in bed with father-in-law
Jersey Governor Decries 'Rock Climbing Wall Epidemic'
Willaston woman posed as man to trick female friend into sex, court hears
Elsmere man allegedly selling heroin while carrying infant urinates on himself when confronted by police
Texas woman with loaded pistol in vagina charged with unlawful carry
Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis Hits Stage to 'Eye of the Tiger' as She Delivers First Public Statement Since Being Freed From Jail
To Former CIA Officials, Torturers Are the Real Victims
Chinese mafia to kill all illuminati..if they continue with the plans to exterminate 2/3rd of mankind !
Fox News Anchor Sues For 'Emotional Damage' Over Toy She Thinks Looks Like Her
Eight suspended Peel officers have been paid $1.1 million to stay home. Our shitty province won't allow suspension without pay. ONTARIO CANADA
STONE COATED ROOFING SHEET Call 08036436022
Waco police: Fully loaded handgun found in woman's vagina, or - That's a pretty weird hiding place place place...
Russian 5-year-olds dig tunnel out of nursery 'to buy Jaguar'
Waco police: Fully loaded handgun found in woman's vagina
Quebec cyclist gets $440 ticket for late-night ride along bike path
Kim Davis is freed from jail and walks on stage to "Eye of the Tiger" before breaking her silence.
Hungarian nationalist TV camera operator filmed kicking refugee children
Woman with pistol in vagina charged with unlawful carry
Obama and Bear Grylls' survive together in the wild
Waco Police: Fully Loaded Handgun Found in Female's Vagina
Australia looks set to start bombing Syria as Libs warn against too much refugee compassion
Loaded gun pulled from woman's body cavity during drug bust
Jogging Biden Hears Calls to 'Run, Joe, Run!'
Woman discovered to have loaded gun in her vagina during traffic stop
The f*cking Catalina Wine Mixer is happening IRL
Florida man creates 'Tactical Crusader' rifle
Choir replaces 'Jesus' with 'Hillary' in gospel song
Ohio man tries to teach wife to shoot gun, accidentally shoots her in ankle
Russian five-year-olds dig their way out of nursery to buy sports car
Russian 5yo boys dig way out of kindergarten, try to buy Jaguar sports car
Woman stashes loaded gun in her vagina
Here's Why Even The Westboro Baptist Church Doesn't Support Kim Davis
Woman 'thought she was having sex with boyfriend of two years but it was female friend with prosthetic penis'
Westboro Baptist Church condemns 'adulterer' Kim Davis
PMan Finds Wife Naked In Bed With Her Dad, Gets Stabbed By Father-In-Law
Man Finds Wife Naked In Bed With Her Dad, Gets Stabbed By Father-In-Law
Chess player caught 'using Morse code to cheat'
Kim Davis freed from jail, walks on to stage to "Eye of the Tiger" before breaking silence
Milk Truck Driver Choking on Dr. Pepper Crashes Into 23 New Cars In Pennsylvania Dealership
Australia looks set to start bombing Syria as Liberals warn against too much refugee compassion
TV Camerawoman Fired for Tripping Refugees Trying to Escape Police
Woman arrested loaded gun found in her vagina
4 people injured in bb gun drive by shooting
xpost from r/news: Woman with pistol in vagina charged with unlawful carry
Survivor Objects to Use of 'Eye of the Tiger' at Rally for Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis
Oregon judge accused of hanging Hitler's picture in courthouse, screening gay wedding applicants
Hungarian TV camerawoman fired for tripping Syrian migrants
Antivirus Software Pioneer John McAfee Is Running For President
Forget Donald Trump. Meet Zoltan Istvan, the only presidential candidate promising eternal life.
Chelsea Clinton Thinks a Kanye West 2020 Presidential Bid Would Be 'Awesome'
Australia looks set to start bombing Syria as Liberals warn against too much compassion for refugees
Chinese woman publicly poops on California lawn
Convicted priest wants to buy St. Paul chancery, aid sex abuse victims
Burglar Stuck On Elevator Forced To Call 911, Police Say
John McAfee is running for president
Woman Says She Discovered Her Long-term 'Boyfriend' Was Her Female Best Friend With a Strap-On
Donald Trump: 'I Will Be So Good at the Military Your Head Will Spin'
Homeopathy conference ends in chaos after attendees take hallucinogenic drug
After Blocking Bay Bridge Traffic, Chicken Gets New Home
Mike Huckabee: I'd go to jail in Kim Davis' place
A white guy named Michael couldn't get his poem published. Then he became Yi-Fen Chou.
Woman Charged with concealing gun in her vagina
Trump: 'I will be so good at the military, your head will spin'
Homeopathy conference ends in chaos after delegates take hallucinogenic drug [x-post from r/worldnews]
Texas woman found carrying loaded handgun in her vagina
Alex Gibney's Critical 'Steve Jobs' Doc Debuts High on iTunes Chart
Teen flees from cop: 'I don't like white people touching me'
Some Onteora parents fear Wi-Fi signals in schools are harming their children
An Engineering Student Got So Drunk, He Doesn't Remember Designing a Sweet Plane
Arizona Man Shoots Himself In The Head While Trying To Demonstrate Gun Safety Feature
John McAfee announces he's running for President
Arizona Man Wanted to Commit Double Murder, Cops Allege. But He Was Awful At It
Huckabee Aide Physically Blocked Cruz From Getting Into Kim Davis Money Shot
Russian boys tunnel out of kindy
Texas Woman Warns Police About Loaded Pistol in Her Vagina
Russian 5 year olds dig out of kindergarten to buy a Jaguar (car)
Police: Man Finds Wife Naked In Bed With Her Dad, Gets Stabbed By Father-In-Law
Vicar stops wedding to take a selfie
9 Things You Need To Know About The Khap 'Rape Order' In India
A gun-maker put a Bible verse on an 'Christian' assault rifle so that no 'Muslim terrorist' can use it
'Smog vacuum cleaner' turns heads, spits out gemstones in Rotterdam
Mum provides cocaine at Daughter's 18th
Woman Finds Black Widow In Grapes From Walmart, Calls 911
Some local idiots designed a 'terrorist-proof' bigot rifle
Trucker choking on Dr Pepper crashes into 23 new cars
Claiming descent from the Prophet Muhammad, the ISIS chief was once a star soccer player.
Trucker chokes on Dr. Pepper, crashes into Cadillac-Buick dealer
Mum buys 12 bags of cocaine for daughter's 18th birthday party
5 facts exposing the media's lies about police shootings
5-year-olds tunnel out of kinder, try to buy a car at Jaguar showroom
Southborough mum Nicola Austen bought cocaine for daughter's 18th birthday
Windows Minesweeper is an 'offence to mine victims'
Homeopathy conference held in Germany concludes in chaos because dozens of delegates consumed a strong LSD-like hallucinogen
Russian boys dig way out of kindergarten, try to buy sports car
Bạn là nhà mua sắm thông minh với đèn sưởi phòng tắm Nhật Bản | Đèn Sưởi Phòng Tắm
Tommy Wiseau wants to direct a Fantastic Four reboot.
An alternative medicine conference ends in chaos after 29 attendees take a hallucinogenic drug.
Company Making Hat Out of My Dead Dog's Fur is Ignoring Me
Mentor Death Donkey 14 Triple Draw
Fancy owning a Brit award? Former 5ive star Abz has put his up for sale on eBay - so he can buy some gardening tools
Breaking the Law from the Bench: Gay Judge Refuses to Marry Straight Couples [Video]
Former 5ive star Abz selling Brit Award on eBay to buy tools and topsoil for his garden
Paul Krugman could receive $25,000 per month for income inequality initiative
Turkish nationalists beat compatriot after presuming him to be Kurdish
Algerian Robin Hood hacks into US bank accounts to donate to the Palestinian cause!
All Scientists Should Be Militant Atheists - The New Yorker
Russian 5yo boys dig way out of kindergarten, try to buy Jaguar
Tủ sấy quần áo có những loại nào ưu điểm ra sao ? | Tủ Sấy Quần Áo
Young Boys arrested after crackdown on whore houses in Islamabad!
Russian boys tunnel out of kindergarten, try to buy sports car
Woman discovers 'boyfriend' of two years is woman when she removes blindfold during sex - Independent.ie
Police: Cavity search reveals loaded gun in woman's body
Rice, korma and an aborigine? Bristol Indian take-away makes menu blunder
Chinese farmer posing as Qing Dynasty princess scams people out of 2 million RMB
Motörhead launch official range of sex toys
Chinese farmer jailed after pretending to be princess to persuade investors to give her money
Woman discovers 'boyfriend' of two years is woman when she removes the blindfold after sex
Social Media Site-The Relationship Benefit
Woman discovers 'boyfriend' of two years is a woman when she removes blindfold during sex
Pupils at Magna Academy in Poole banned from classes for 'pencil case' infringements
Homeopaths Gone Wild: 29 Hospitalized After Overdosing On Hallucinogenic Drugs At German Conference
Scottish man builds computer 'cooled by Irn-Bru', calls it the Aye-Mac
'I haven't showered in 12 years,' says AOBiome's David Whitlock
NASA confused the moon with the sun in photos posted to Twitter
29 hospitalised after taking hallucinogenic drug at homeopathy conference
Czech far-rightist calls to put refugees in former concentration camp
Man Finds Wife in Bed With Her Dad; Stabbed by Father-In-Law
Minion from film Despicable Me traps Southampton University sex pest "Randy Ren" who took pictures of women in the showers [SEO + Social Headline]
ers 'boyfriend' of two years is woman when she removes blindfold during sex
Ex-Fugitive Anti-Virus Creator John McAfee Running for President
Sociologist uncovers industrial-scale infanticide ring.
Woman rings police to complain about lack of marijuana in West Australian town
Russian Boys Aged 5 Escape From Kindergarten to Buy Jaguar
Survival tips - Ten tips to protect food supplies
Barbershop Fined $750 For Refusing To Cut Woman's Hair
Monkey with 10K bounty, 'wanted' for attacking 200 people captured
Mile high couple cheered after PILOT sends them his best wishes over plane intercom
This school principal eloped with 8 women in 7 years
Thieves strip parts from police anti-theft bike
TX woman during arrest: 'There's a gun in my vagina'
Systema expert in serious but stable condition after attacker refuses to move in slow motion
Husband bites estranged wife's nose off and eats it after she fails to return his calls
Barbershop fined $750 for refusing to cut a woman's hair
Taxi drivers to rally in the city during the tram strike to protest against UberX
Jeb Bush Figures Out the Solution to His Problem Is More Tax Cuts for the Rich
Some people are predicting that the world will end later this month
Drunk Man Kicks Robot, Gets Arrested
Homeopathy conference ends in everyone drugged "staggering around, rolling in a meadow, talking gibberish and suffering severe cramps" (x-post /r/skeptic)
Survival training: Learn how to survive
Anti-Virus Software Maker John McAfee Is Running for President
cắt bao quy đầu ở đâu tốt
Woman hid loaded handgun in her vagina
Tennessee mom calls Henrietta Lacks book 'pornographic', seeks to have it banned in school
Sen. Harry Reid: Redskins owner Daniel Snyder 'tried to bribe' some of Nevada's Native Americans
Ranger: Man could not explain 'X' on map where wife fell
Hillary Clinton Campaign Announces Plans to be More Spontaneous
Man shoots other man over spilled beer
Mum buys daughter 12 bags of cocaine 'to celebrate 18th birthday'
Milk truck driver crashes due to choking on soda
Trio stole $1K worth of beer kegs without realizing they were empty, cops say
Cow bites country made bomb while grazing, dies
Make sure to warm up-Adult colouring isn't for cowards
A Boston Detective Is Facing Charges After Allegedly Jerking Off Naked in Public
James Bond gets 'outspoken gay friend' so as not to offend anyone
Russia blocks Pornhub and ten other adult sites
Longmont police notes: Resident reports stolen marijuana plants, then receives warning
Hillary's Going to Try To Be More Authentic, Plans To Be More Spontaneous
I'd rather have been raped by a man, says woman 'sexually assaulted by female friend who used bandages and a sex toy to pretend she was male'
Caitlyn Jenner is lukewarm on gay marriage
Parliament boils over as Liberal MP for East Hills challenges Opposition Leader Luke Foley to 'take it outside'
Cheshire woman Gayle Newland 'used bizarre male disguise and fake penis to dupe woman into sex'
Donald Trump says US should take Syria migrants
Oregon judge against same-sex marriage displayed Hitler photo in courthouse
British man jailed for repeatedly calling emergency services, claiming to be Nicki Minaj
Woman removes blindfold, discovers her boyfriend is actually a woman in a swimsuit and a strap on
Scientists: Replacing old gas pipes reduces leaks
French pair accused of murdering son by shutting him in washing machine
Marion Co. judge: Hitler photo was hung to honor veterans
Machete v. fork lift showdown ends in arrest
Paddy Power ad telling Sepp Blatter to 'f**k off' cleared by watchdog
Drugs, Delusions, and (Actual) Doctors: A German Homeopathy Conference's Alternative Ending.
Call Kurtis: Company Making Hat Out of My Dead Dog's Fur is Ignoring Me
Sarasota bomb unit finds bong under bridge
Women in Hong Kong are staring at the sun to help them lose weight
Man bites off, eats wife's nose after she fails to answer his calls
Man bites off wife's nose, eats it for not picking his calls
German Homeopaths Accidentally Get High as Balls as Conference Ends in Chaos
Someone has released a gun etched with Bible verse 'to deter Muslims'
N.J. woman pleads guilty in penis enlargement death
Severed deer's head left in box at Yale a cappela audition
Survivor is Pissed That Kim Davis Used 'Eye of the Tiger'
Pile of whale puke will auction for upwards of $10,000
Woman freezes a dozen pumpkin spice lattes because her local Starbucks is set to close
Survivor Not Happy With 'Eye of the Tiger' Used in Kim Davis Rally
Sarasota bomb squad finds bong under bridge; details on who put it there hazy
Florida Gun Seller Engraves AR-15 With Bible Verse To Stop It Being Picked Up By 'Muslim Terrorists'
'Upper caste' imposes fine on Untouchable/dalit women for entering temple in India
BYU Professor Complains, Without Irony, That No Ancient Book of Mormon Studies Program Exists at BYU.
Woman had sex wearing blindfold, only to find boyfriend was female friend, court hears
Mom buys daughter 12 bags of cocaine to celebrate her 18th birthday
Blindfolded woman tricked into sex with her female Woman who claims she was assaulted by female friend pretending to be a man tells court they sunbathed and watched TV together while she was blindfolded
Starting work before 10 a.m. is tantamount to torture
Highly Qualified Second grade teacher...
Apple introduces the Apple Pencil
Woman Discovers Boyfriend is Actually Her Female Best-Friend Wearing a Prosthetic Penis
English woman allegedly tricks another woman into thinking she is a man
Calgary woman charged in assault with a vomit bag
Woman Discovers Boyfriend Is Actually Female Best Friend Wearing Prosthetic Penis
Wis. mom accidentally used vodka to mix baby's formula
Trump Tells CNN It Owes Him for Debate Appearance, Can Make Payment to Various Veterans Groups
'Swap Katie Hopkins for 50,000 refugees' petition launched
Woman has loaded gun in her, ahem, body cavity.
National Geographic sells majority of media business to Fox
Donald Trump pinatas are selling out in LA prior to Republican presidential debate
Woman charged with assault after bag of vomit thrown at cab driver
Teenage runaway hitchhiker gets abducted and fuck relentlessly
Man who 'told 999 he was Nicki Minaj' jailed
Newborn baby dies after being eaten alive by rat inside hospital incubator in India.
'Rude' place names censored at Harrogate WI fair
Donald Trump on Kim Davis: 'This was not the right job for her'
Hillary creating jobs already: State hiring 50 people to deal with backlog of e-mails, FOIA demands
I love the Victorian era. So I decided to live in it.
Apple's new iPhones let you snap super-fast 'emergency selfies'
Woman whose amnesia makes her think every day is 15 October 2014 declared 'fit to work' by DWP
Milk truck driver choking on Dr Pepper crashes into 23 new cars at PA dealer
BART trains delayed Monday night after rider took selfie while lying on tracks
Scott Walker Finds Secret Cheat Code That Allows Him to Avoid All Campaign Questions
Republicans Swear This Shutdown Will Be Different
Woman Sues After She Discovers "Boyfriend" Is Actually A Woman With A Strap-On
Former University of Chester student accused of sex assault using prosthetic while posing as a man
Fox Presenter Sues Over 'Lookalike' Toy Hamster
Planned Parenthood Wasn't Invited To Congress' Hearings on Planned Parenthood
Burning Man Founder Blames Slavery for Lack of Diversity at Festival
Rescue gone wrong: Family saves pit bull from euthanization, dog attacks daughter and is put down same day
Subway Accepts Onion's Fake 9/11 Coupon
Husband comes home to find his wife naked in bed with her own father who then stabs him before fleeing in son-in-law's car
Sister's dare causes girl to get stuck inside 'claw' arcade game
Anti-virus pioneer John McAfee enters presidential race with 'Cyber Party'
'Jimmy Carter's cancer is God's punishment,' says leading Israeli newspaper
Loaded gun pulled from woman's vagina during Waco drug bust
Monty Python Star Terry Gilliam: I'm Not Dead
Former US No1 James Blake 'slammed to ground' by police in mistaken detention
Vermont State Police: Connecticut man clocked at 112 mph was heading to court for speeding ticket
mes Blake, former tennis star, slammed to ground and handcuffed outside midtown hotel by white NYPD cops who mistook him for ID theft suspect
Texas woman arrested with loaded gun in her vagina
2 Washington men cited for fish molestation near Sitka
Woman finds out boyfriend of 2 years was actually her best friend wearing a strap-on
Caitlyn Jenner Admits to Not Being Totally Down with Gay Marriage
Report: Cops Tackle, Handcuff James Blake After Mistaking Him For Identity Theft Suspect
Burglar thought wearing a white sheet would fool security cameras
War sometimes justified, Obama says in Nobel Peace Prize speech
Connecticut man clocked at 112 mph was heading to court for speeding ticket
White poet finds success by pretending to be Chinese
Tennessee Mom Calls Book On Cervical Cancer Cells 'Pornographic'
After a lifetime of headaches, woman to have needle removed from brain - Fox 5 NY
Tennessee mom calls Henrietta Lacks book 'pornographic,' seeks to have it banned in schools
Tom Brady has been reading the same self-help book for almost a decade
Woman had loaded hand gun inside her vagina during traffic stop.
Video: Angry Florida driver to deputy: 'No wonder you people get shot'
Marion County judge accused of hanging Hitler picture in courthouse
The Latest: Kim Davis Can Get Paid for Jail Time, Break
Woman tricked friend into having sex by pretending to be a man: Gayle Newland is accused of bandaging her body, wearing prosthetic penis and making victim wear blindfold during five alleged sexual assaults
Jim Beam factory hit by lighting = Bourbon Fire Tornado
Trump says he's against deal with N. Korea
A pink dolphin was spotted off the coast of Louisiana
Woman has blindfolded relationship, discovers other half is a woman, takes to court
Sheboygan Man Stabs "Friend" With Claw Hammer- Offers to "Stitch Him Up"
Smoke and Flame Co. in Vancouver, Canada Sells Artisanal Firewood and Kindling for $1000 /bundle
Police feared a mass shooting in alleged Pokémon plot
Smoke and Flame Co. in Vancouver Sells Artisanal Firewood for $1000 /bundle
Woman removes her sex blindfold and discovers her 'boyfriend' of two years is a woman
British 12-year-old smarter than Einstein, Hawking
Corn Maze Salutes 'American Sniper' Chris Kyle
Desperate And In Debt: 30% Of Millennials Would Sell An Organ To Get Rid Of Student Loans
Baby hospitalized after vodka mixed with formula
10 Surprisingly Effective 2 P.M. Pick-Me-Ups
International Success, Smoke and Flame Co. in Vancouver, Sells Artisanal Firewood for $1000 /bundle
Apple catches heat for Photoshopping smile on woman's face
Facing corruption charges, Rep. Chaka Fattah asks public to help pay his legal fees
German homeopathy conference ends in mass psychedelic overdose
Pop Culture Woman Caught With Loaded Gun in Her Vagina Carried 30 Grams of Meth, Too 4 0 Woman Caught With Loaded Gun in Her Vagina Carried 30 Grams of Meth, Too
Meet Miracle Mike, the Colorado Chicken who lived for 18 months without his head
Texas woman charged with unlawfully concealing handgun in vagina
Kenosha baby expected to recover after ingesting vodka; father charged for ensuing fight
Donald Trump Walks On Stage to 'It's the End Of The World'
Woman jumping off Bay Bridge to escape CHP was 'hella drunk' prostitute, court docs say
School district declares snow day despite 90-degree temps
New study finds that your gaydar is terrible
Man Caught Doing 112MPH Was Headed to Traffic Court
Survivor is considering suing the Kim Davis camp for use of "Eye of the Tiger"
Crews battle fire, explosions at propane tank farm
East Orange Woman Pleads Guilty To Causing Man's Death With Penis Injection
National Geographic sold to Fox
PlayStation systems responsible for majority of YouPorn's console-based traffic
Trump: I'd bring Mike Ditka on board
Population of donkeys swells by 100,000 in two years
Tony Abbott says stopping boats has helped economy towards 'sustainable surplus', calls on ABC to talk up economy
Oregon judge who refused gay marriages also hung a picture of Hitler in courthouse
Brooklyn College's Longtime Janitor Is Also Its Cocaine Dealer, Police Say
Cass County man driving milk tanker chokes on Dr Pepper, crashes into 23 new cars
Oregon judge accused of blocking gay marriage applicants, hanging Hitler picture
A Baby is Raced to the Hospital with a .294 Blood Alcohol Level
National Geographic and Fox Form a Commercial Media Company
30 injured at West Point... because of pillow fight
Boy charged as adult for having explicit pictures of himself-because he's a minor
Hipster cyclist 'who smashed female motorist's window during cycling rally' is arrested after being identified by his distinctive curled mustache.
Trump slights rival Fiorina's looks: 'Look at that face'
Saudi Arabia Bans National Geographic Cover Featuring Pope Francis
French Castles Cheaper to Rent Than San Francisco Apartments
Woman charged with unlawfully concealing handgun in vagina
Female cartoonist could have 12 year prison term extended for shaking her lawyer's hand
DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law
Weather presenter says Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch - absolutely nails it
Federal Judge Admits to Having Brady on Fantasy Team
Canadian entrepreneur succeeds selling "artisanal firewood" for $1000 per bundle (notportlandia?)
Survivor [the band] Files $1.2 Million Lawsuit Against Kim Davis & Mike Huckabee
US-appointed egg lobby paid food blogs and targeted chef to crush vegan startup
Firefighter collecting donations dies after hit-and-run
Chimp field research unglamorous but worth it for grad student
Albuquerque school restricts cheer uniform from campus dress code
A Mosque Will Ruin Our Crystal Meth-Riddled Town, Says Bendigo Residents
Beylikdüzü İkinci El Eşya Alan Yerler
NYPD officers tackle retired tennis star James Blake after mistaking him for suspect
The Weather Channel decides it will cover the weather again
Nigeria bans horseriding to slow jihadists
Sex And Masturbation Could Put Ebola Recovery In Jeopardy
Student Defends Driving Barbie Jeep on Campus After Alleged DWI, Inspires Others to Ride Toy Cars
Man jailed on Burger King exposure charges
Danny Drinkwater drinks water, internet goes berserk
Comcast admits its data caps are a business decision, not an engineering requirement
Caitlyn Jenner admits she could be sent to men's prison for a year over fatal car crash
iPhone 6 Price in Nepal
Woman discovers 'boyfriend' of two years is woman after removing blindfold during sex
Human-like species discovered in South Africa
Scientists look to re-animate ancient, giant 'Frankenvirus' found in Siberia
Parliament will debate legalisation of cannabis on 12 October
MPs to debate cannabis legalisation after petition reaches 200,000 signatures
A homeopathy conference in Germany went awry on Friday afternoon as delegates took an LSD-like drug and were found hallucinating, staggering around, groaning and rolling on the grass.
Elon Musk reveals plan to drop thermonuclear weapons on Mars to prepare planet for humans
Champagne cork forces easyJet plane to make emergency landing
Teen shoots, kills masked intruder who turns out to be his father
Woman sensibly hides loaded gun in her vagina
Keurig launches Campbell's K-Cups
Elon Musk: Dropping Nuclear Weapons on Mars can make it a hospitable place more like earth.
Elon Musk: Nukes can make Mars more like Earth
Alligator Removed From Detroit Home
EasyJet Passenger Tasered After Dispute Over Carry-On 'Man Purse'
Planned Parenthood Not Invited to Congressional Hearing About Planned Parenthood
Donald Trump Defends Fiorina 'Face' Insult: 'I'm Talking About Persona'
Climate change denier Rupert Murdoch just bought National Geographic, which gives grants to scientists
Satan to run Team Europe for World Cup in 2016
Two boys use toy spades to tunnel out of a Russian kindergarten playground
Actor who played a murderer on Crimewatch in 1994 ends up being DNA tested as a suspect after viewers said he looked like the killer when BBC replayed it 21 years later
Man caught speeding at 112...was heading to pay a speeding ticket
Kent mother caught with cocaine tells police it is for daughter's 18th birthday
Saudi Arabia accepts no Syrian refugees but offers to build 200 mosques for them in Germany
Female cartoonist could have 12 year prison term extended for shaking her lawyers hand
Hustler Magazine, Roof-Tossed XXX Porn Star Janice Griffith, Dan Bilzerian Lawsuit: NSFW Nude Adult Mag Legal Docs Call Instagram "Biggest Playboy" Throw "Act Of God" Following Sex Lead Injuries
Cops: Man driving 112 mph was heading to pay speeding ticket
Tinder adds a 'Super Like' button to let users show eagerness
Sex and masturbation may hamper Ebola eradication efforts
Fox News anchor sues Hasbro over toy rodent with same name
Hyderabad boy eyes new record by clicking 1800 selfies in one hour!
Video - 'Prime suspect' actor in Crimewatch murder reconstruction 21 years ago confused for real killer by locals
Planned Parenthood Not Invited to Congressional Hearing About Planned Parenthood • /r/atheism
Climate change denier Rupert Murdoch just bought National Geographic.
After deporting 1,400 Colombians, Venezuela pledges to take 20,000 Syrian refugees
Houston cops shoot unarmed black patient in hospital - and then charge him with assault
For Radiant Skin Some Turn To Ugly Beauty Products
Comedian to release 7-disc set including 195 orgasms, 45 minutes of crying
Weatherman pronounces 'Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrob-wllllantysiliogogogoch' flawlessly on live TV
Mystery surrounds hallucinatory chaos at German homeopathy conference
90-Year-Old Arrested After Causing Scene At Walmart
Man clocked at 112 mph was headed to court for past speeding
Elon Musk wants to bomb Mars with nuclear weapons
Tinder Introduces 'Super Like' To Make It Easier To Find Your Soulmate
DMX's Son Is Selling His Platinum Albums on eBay While He's in Prison
Caitlyn Jenner: No regrets as a woman, golf game has improved
1927 news report: Donald Trump's dad arrested in KKK brawl with cops
Wife steals cop car with husband handcuffed inside
For this Muslim RSS member, Hindutva refers to Indianness
Investigator Hired To Follow Neighbor's Wife, Finds Her Having Sex With His Teenage Son
Private Detective Caught Man's Wife Having Sex With His Own Teenage Son
US woman hid gun in vagina
Ted Cruz sports bad boy look as 'Iran's worst nightmare'
Wife steals police car with husband handcuffed inside
Actor who played a murderer on Crimewatch in ends up being DNA tested as a suspect .
Crimewatch actor becomes murder suspect after reconstruction was aired
Syrians resettled in Uruguay: We want to go back
Auschwitz Memorial installs misting "showers" outside the camp for overheated visitors
Pennsylvania town asks man to limit lights meant to thwart aliens
Police searching for gun suspect in 'I am the American Dream' shirt
NYPD commissioner: We're trying to apologize to James Blake, but ex-tennis pro isn't answering
Receptionist glues child's eye shut
Comedian announces 7-disc album featuring 195 orgasms and 45 minutes of crying
Drunk man attacks adorable robot that was just trying to help
Survivor threatens Mike Huckabee and Kim Davis with lawsuit over use of "Eye of the Tiger"
Anish Kapoor sued for leaving racist graffiti on his 'queen's vagina' sculpture at Versailles
West Hartford Man Driving 112 Miles Per Hour Was Heading to Pay Speeding Ticket
Hooker threesome inspired married Olympian to become prostitute
Man cooked alive at bumble bee factory
Mayhem As Entire Conference of Homeopaths Poisons Themselves With Hallucinogenic Drugs
Al Qaeda Mag Urges Attack on Koch Brothers, Buffett
J.J. Watt press conference delayed by mysterious cheeseburger
Jose Maria Ruiz-Mateos: Spanish tycoon who was no stranger to court appearances facing paternity lawsuit - despite being dead
Huckabee: Dred Scott Decision "Remains To This Day The Law Of The Land"
A Wendy's Worker Arrested After Using Her Vagina Discharge As Mayo And Put It On Her Enemy's Burger
Warren Buffet says rich people have too much money
Cereal banned from Zimbabwe schools after pupils brewed beer
Black Employee sues Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles For Racial Discrimination - Wins $1.6 Million!
Los Angeles hipsters petition against budget version of Whole Foods, want the real thing.
Cereal banned from Zimbabwe schools after pupils use it to brew beer
Jury Awards Ex-Employee Of Roscoe's Chicken N' Waffles $1.6M In Race Discrimination Suit
Woman who claims she did not know her boyfriend was female 'told her to buy fake penis', a court hears.
Feminists are angry that Apple photoshopped a smile on a woman's face during the iPhone 6s launch
Woman 'tricked blindfolded friend into having sex with her by pretending to be a man'
Boston man hasn't showered for 12 years, prefers homebrew bacteria spray
O'Malley plays for tips on Wall Street
Dem Rep. on Campus Rape: Better to Expel More Students, Even if 80% Are Innocent
FOX JUST BOUGHT NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC
National Geographic gives Fox control of media assets in $725 million deal
Lone candidate for Iowa school board seat gets no votes
Over 10M Consumers' Personal Info Stolen In Latest Health Insurer Data Breach.
Feds Spend $345,019 To Make Computers With 'Gender Sensitive Designs'
Travelling to work 'is work', European court rules
Tommy Wiseau Says It's "Too Bad" He Wasn't Tapped For the Fantastic Four Reboot
HILLSBOROUGH HS LOCKDOWN LIFTED; VIDEO GAME DISCUSSION PROMPTED GUN RUMORS
Two 5-Year-Old Russian Boys Tunneled Their Way Out of Preschool to Buy a Sports Car
Church seeks legal injunction against protesting strippers
Drug Suspect Hides Loaded Gun In Vagina
Taylor Swift loves the ugly sweater her fan made her
Russian Boys Tunnel Out of Preschool To Buy Sports Car
America's Oligarch Problem: How the Super-Rich Threaten US Democracy
Burnt alien body found in meteor
Saudi Arabia offers Germany 200 mosques - one for every 100 refugees who arrived last weekend
Man caught driving over 100mph driving to pay previous speeding ticket
Locals point the finger at Crimewatch actor after reconstruction footage of murder is aired
Cash prizes may convince kids to eat more fruits and veggies
Tenafly Mom Does It All -- And More
Man wearing "just donate" shirt robs Wells Fargo bank
The Largest Air Purifier Ever Built Sucks Up Smog And Turns It Into Gem Stones
Patriots vs Steelers Live Stream
Former NYJets head coach Rex Ryan (Who was in a wife related foot fetish scandal) has a picture of his wife's feet on his desk at his new job in buffalo.
Samuel L. Jackson Angers Porn Stars By Promoting XXX Site RedTube [x-post r/todayilearned]
A Woman Is on Trial for Using Blindfolds and a Fake Penis to Trick Her Best Friend into Sex
Man tries to rob dollar store, buys candy bar
Video game chat prompted Hillsborough school lockdown, principal says
Woman admits capturing, enslaving, and murdering disabled adults and children to claim their benefits
Russian factory pays workers in bricks
Mom Planned Daughter's Birthday Blowout With 12 Bags Of Cocaine
British mom bought daughter cocaine as 18th birthday present, narrowly avoids jail
Campaign hawks shirtless, tattoed Cruz poster
Planned Parenthood was not invited to congressional hearing about Planned Parenthood
Elon Musk says nuking Mars is the quickest way to make it livable
Police to pull over teens for good driving
Nick Saban rolls out limited edition $200K Benz luxury van
Scary man charged as phony lawyer
Pillow Fight at West Point Leaves Thirty Cadets Injured
This Dude Quit His Job To Train Full-Time To Break The World Record For Most Selfies In An Hour
Mike Huckabee said Wednesday that the Supreme Court's 1857 ruling in Dred Scott v. Sandford - which held that all blacks, free or enslaved, could not be American citizens - is still the law of the land even though no one follows it. [...]
Titans Plan on Keeping Marcus Mariota Upright Sunday
Religious tolerance concert banned due to Islamic content.
Daily Mail Sues Gawker for Defamation in Story Bashing Daily Mail
New York City to require salt warnings on restaurant menus
Donald Trump: I wasn't talking about Carly Fiorina's face
USC Students Get More Than They Bargained for With Pet Goat
LIMP BIZKIT Vocalist Fred Durst to Kim Davis: You Can Play Our Songs Any Time!
"The Walking Dead" star Norman Reedus wants your breast implants
Milo Yiannopoulos - Intel Cuts $300m In Jobs, Research, Education And Talent... To Fund Feminist Frequency
A university football team is fined for making a formation of a rival mascot eating a dick.
Boy forced to remove Little Free Library from his yard in Kansas
To truly end animal suffering, the most ethical choice is to kill wild predators (especially Cecil the lion)
Woman plans a dolphin-assisted birth in Hawaii
Keith Richards: my daughters can snort my ashes
Did this shadowy pro-Bernie Sanders super PAC just dupe James Bond?
Jazmine Cashmere Sex Tape Leaked
Waco police find loaded gun inside a woman's vagina.
Waco Police find loaded gun inside woman's vagina.
Sarasota bomb squad finds bong under bridge.
Man, 57, Found Guilty Of Murdering Roommate Over $10 Cable Bill Dispute
Donald Trump Won't Stop Joking About Banging His Daughter
New York Times Launches Congress 'Jew Tracker'
Giant Lenin 'head' unearthed 24 years after burial in Berlin
Miley Cyrus should stick to twerking and leave the B.C. wolf cull alone, says B.C's premier
KANSAS ST. TO PAY 5,000 FINE FOR OFFENSIVE MARCHING BAND FORMATION
Norfolk couple admits to getting drunk, having sex in middle of shopping center parking lot
Video game talk prompts Hillsborough High School lockdown
School takes down teacher's Kanye West themed 4th grade classroom.
Texas firefighters indicted in chorizo sausage sexual assault case
Watching porn does not cause negative attitudes toward women, contentious Canadian study finds
Nobody votes in school board election- including the only candidate
The Canadian Dollar Is So Bad Dollarama Threatens To Turn Into $4 Store
Congressional 'Jew Tracker' Comes to the New York Times
Man unable to explain 'X' on map where wife fell from cliff
In the first game of the new season following the Deflategate controversy, Steelers coaches say they were hearing Patriots radio in headsets.
An mechanical engineering student came home wasted and designed an entire airplane
Augmented reality mobile game Pokemon Go to allow players to catch Pokemon in real life
Huckabee: "Citizens Should Obey The Law Only If They Think It's Right"
Buying 'Bad': Young Used Car Purchasers Want Walter White's Wheels
Uncovered Records Show Nazis Were High on Meth
Engineering Student Wakes Up To Discover He Designed Entire Plane While Drunk
Breaking News: Justin Bieber eats a sandwich
Even Bernie Sanders Is Surprised By His Recent Boost In The Polls
Police: Hilo man stole 6 ukuleles, 3 government vehicles
Huckabee says Dred Scott still 'law of land'
How 'Freestyle Walking' Went from a Teenaged 90s Prank to a Multimillion-Dollar Business
Egypt President Sisi nominated for 2015 Nobel Peace Prize
WOMAN FINDS OUT HER 'BOYFRIEND' OF TWO YEARS IS ACTUALLY HER BEST FRIEND WEARING A FAKE PENIS
For campaign magic, Harper turns to a wizard from Oz
I see your weatherman and raise you with this. Guy say 10 longest place name in the world in one breath
'Siri' interrupts White House press briefing, answers Iran question
Engineering Student Comes Home Totally Wasted, Designs Plane Instead of Texting Ex
Man stabbed after finding wife naked in bed with her father
$400,000 Marijuana Bust on 'Burnt Tree Lane'
Rep. Jared Polis Thinks Colleges Should Be Able to Expel Students When They're Only 20% Sure a Rape Happened
Local Governments Crack Down On The Monstrous Evil of Tiny Free Lending Libraries
Thanks from sonic kid
FBI says 'Australian IS jihadist' is actually a Jewish American troll named Joshua Ryne Goldberg
World's first head transplant patient schedules procedure for 2017
Pit Bull Saved From Being Euthanized Mauls Teen on First Day Home
Pizza chef threatened to kill co-worker over best way to make pizza in Darwin
Watch Presidential Candidate Martin O'Malley Make $1.74 Singing on Wall Street
CA Votes for Suicide During Suicide Prevention Week
Pit bull saved from 'death row' mauls teen on first day home
Robbery turns into stick fight at Portland pot cart; one arrested
Lights out: Hermitage asks man to limit lumens meant to thwart aliens
Keurig Launches Campbell's Soup K-Cups
Lawsuit: Albuquerque Dairy Queen workers beat pregnant customer over Blizzard
'Best wishes of happy reproduction!': Randy passengers caught having sex in plane's toilet are mocked by flight attendant with sarcastic announcement over loudspeaker
Crew cheer mile-high sex couple on Paris flight
Why claim reparations only from the British?
Sony changes stance on waterproof phones: Do not use underwater
Những mẫu vách ngăn trang trí trong phòng
Louisiana: Women Don't Need Planned Parenthood. They Have Dentists.
Inside San Francisco's Newest Rentals, Bunk Beds For $1,800 A Month
Chef chased co-worker around a restaurant with a knife during an argument over the best way to make pizza
Crimewatch actor in Julie Pacey murder 'named as killer'
You heard that right, John McAfee is running for president
Far-right group UPF plans to run for Senate and campaign on right to 'bare arms'
Man in costume with fake guns terrifies people at Tampa pool
Cena accidentally says "You can't see me" to blind kid
Woman charges cyclist £3 after filling water bottle - then tips it out when he can't pay
Dopey student's Reddit plea for drug dealer numbers in Leicester
43% of Republicans could imagine supporting a military coup in the United States
Crimewatch lookalike actor accused of murder he was helping police to solve.
Police in India allegedly "suggested" her not to lodge a complaint to avoid "unnecessary trips to the court and wastage of time".
Al Qaeda Leader Al-Zawahiri Declares War on ISIS 'Caliph' Al-Baghdadi
Camerawoman trips up fleeing migrants
Russian Artist Uses Breasts to Paint Portraits of Putin, Medvedev
CHINA: USA MUST TAKE MORE SYRIAN REFUGEES; WE'LL TAKE ZERO, THANKS
FBI arrests Jewish American for posing as Australian online jihadist
Woman Says Conductor Was Of No Help In Dealing With Subway Flasher
Two boys used spades to 'tunnel their way out of playschool'
Fugitive Candidate John McAfee Speaks To TPM From His Bunker!
Hermitage residents say neighbor is afraid of aliens
One live Music Band that Sang Science and Singularity.
Ginger 'extremist wanted to kill Charles and William so Harry could be king'
Summer officially over as first Goth of winter spotted
Hungarian camerawoman 'regrets' kicking refugees
Dispute Between Neighbours Goes 'Fecal'
Hungarian Camerawoman Who Kicked Refugees: I Thought I Was Being Attacked
Man loses election when nobody votes, including himself
Woman had loaded gun in her vagina when arrested, police say
Crimewatch actor accused of murder he helped to reconstruct 21 years ago
Florida gun-maker designs 'ISIS-proof' assault rifle
Camerawoman Who Tripped Migrant In Hungary Apologizes
Capcom announce a new middle-eastern character for Street Fighter 5 who has the power to control winds, on September 11th.
Anti-Soviet warrior puts his army on the road to peace
Migrant Kicked By Camerawoman ID'd as Syrian Soccer Coach
Harry Potter-themed bar opens in Toronto
Police advertise for cannabis farm cleaner
Man Quits Job to Pursue Selfie World Record
Stop using difficult to guess passwords, UK's spying agency GCHQ recommends
Chinese tech companies reportedly hiring 'cheerleaders' to motivate programmers
Hobo Chic From the Bindle Bros. of Brooklyn
Man accused of burning rainbow church bench wanted to 'send it back to hell'
Oven glove had hand in fire
Drowned Syrian migrant boy's father says he blames Canada for tragedy
Keurig unveils Campbell's Soup K-Cups
You're all saying Voldemort wrong
Female yelling for help turns out to be a parrot
David Cameron's Yorkshire 'hate' joke caught on mic
UK Dame Vivienne Westwood Drives Tank To David Cameron's House In Fracking Protest
Michigan State Rep Who Invented Gay Sex Scandal to Cover Up Hetero Affair Resigns
Huckabee: Dred Scott 'still the law of the land'
Confusion in Adamawa (Nigeria) as governor appoints man to head Women Affairs ministry
Crimewatch actor now DNA-tested in unsolved Grantham murder case 21 years later
Russia calls on other nations to help arm Syrian government
This Guy Spent an Entire Year Hilariously Texting a Girl Just to Get His Sunglasses Back
Despicable Minions ticked off by police for selling bananas 'illegally' by roadside
Confusion in Adamawa as governor appoints man to head Women Affairs ministry
Pregnant Woman Claims Dairy Queen Employee Beat Her Over Incorrect Blizzard Order
T-Mobile intros Lifetime Coverage Guarantee
Federal judge says California early-release program can't exclude male inmates
Home Broken Into During Neighborhood Crime Watch Meetin
Mother arrested for buying daughter 12 bags of cocaine for her 18th birthday
Happy New year 2008 in Ethiopia!
Man Dressed as Power Ranger Charged With Pointing Fake Gun
Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star defaced
Fight Over Cold Chicken At BBQ Benefit Ends In Shooting
Germany houses refugees in Buchenwald camp
Scott Walker Reverses The Position He Took On Taking Positions
Mike huckabee: dred Scott decision is still the law of the land regardless of 14th amendment
As nation remembers fallen victims of 9/11, NRA honors revolver that survived
Mike Huckabee Just Said The Dred Scott Decision 'Remains To This Day The Law Of The Land'
Glenn Beck: 'Sarah Palin Has Become A Clown'
A man has quit his job to focus on breaking the world selfie taking record
Animals Of Montana owner fined for taking a wolf into a Virginia City bar
Microsoft paid the NFL $400 million to use its tablets, and announcers are still calling them iPads
Study: Female Marines At Disadvantage In Combat
Scientists: Please Don't Nuke Mars
Firefighters and dog pursue runaway 100lb tortoise in woods of New Jersey
Harvard Students Rent Original Art Prints for Their Dorm Rooms
Transgender man posted revenge porn pictures of his former lesbian lover online after row over their puppy
Dubie VS Blunt: Missouri's U.S. Senate Race Has Gone To Pot
Get rid of your dog or we'll club it to death, say Chinese officials
Chief Wana Dubie Promises to 'Smoke' Blunt in Missouri U.S. Senate Race
Mom Planned Daughter's Birthday Blowout With 12 Bags Of Cocaine. "They were going to London in a limousine and she wanted to make sure they had a good time."
Australian Online ISIS Jihadist Turns Out to Be Florida Jew
Far-right Czech politician recommends placing refugees in concentration camp
Astrology, astronomy confuse Americans
It's 9/11 week. Use coupon code "muslim" at our site for $25 off any gun. Come in Fri for a free car wash and beer!
With the Tsunami of '04 still fresh in our minds how do the Islamic people try to spin the Lightning Strike at Mecca
Man Whose Wife Plunged to Her Death Just Happened to Have Map with "X" Marking Where She Fell
Viking sues Northumberland County over shaved beard
Parents in the US are naming their babies after GUNS
Trademark Office gives not one fuck for "No Fucks Given" trademark application
Upgrade Your iPhone? Maybe You Should Downgrade Your NoPhone Instead
Hilo Man Faces Charges for Theft of Ukuleles and Government Vehicles
Portland-bound passengers urinated on; man jailed
Ben Foster Took Performance-Enhancing Drugs to Prepare for Lance Armstrong Role
Drunk Japanese warrior cuffed after NINJA STRIKE on shop robot
Palin wants to be Trump's Energy Secretary...but doesn't know what the job actually is
Pulling Out Is as Effective as Using Condoms
Medical Examiner Will Stop Classifying Latinos As Whites
Matt Forte's Jersey a Best-Seller in Wisconsin
Remember When A Chelsea Player Waggled His Dick At Stranded Americans The Day After 9/11?
Fugitive monkey caught after 2-day chase in Kentucky
Twitter blames Drake for Serena Williams' loss
Huckabee: Blacks Still Aren't Legally Human, But We No Longer Uphold That Law
JetBlue passenger pees on fellow travelers, seats during Portland-bound flight, police say
Emmy-Winning Producer Wanted for Allegedly Stabbing Roommate Over Oscar Prediction
Kleptokitty steals things from Gladstone neighborhood
Confused viewers accuse Crimewatch actor of murder he helped to reconstruct 21 years ago
Mike Huckabee: If Gays Can Get Married, That Means We Can Buy Black People, Right?
Hong Kong's newest dieting craze: Staring at the sun so you won't have to eat
You Don't Have to 'Imagine' John Lennon Beat Women and Children-It's Just a Fact
Christmas Pudding Served in September Nearly Burns Down Home
JetBlue passenger urinates on others
Former 'manorexic' now a competitive eater
Police: Man urinated on passengers aboard JetBlue flight
DFO says don't try to harness the beluga in Grates Cove
Refugees threaten to jump off ferry in Sweden
'Like a swimming pool': Chinese netizens marvel at cleanliness of Japanese flood waters
Sony warns users not to take 'waterproof' phones under water (x-post from r/Gadgets)
Hong Kong's newest dieting craze: Staring at the sun so you won't have to eat: Shanghaiist
Sony warns users not to take 'waterproof' phones under water
The Guy in Charge of Managing Manila's Traffic Missed a Live TV Interview Because He Was Stuck in Traffic
Brave Woman 'Coming To Terms' With Being Beautiful
Some Mormons stocking up amid fears that doomsday could come this month
Ontario man arrested for throwing dog feces at woman in car
Schoolboy, 13, charged with second-degree assault after kissing female classmate as a dare
Group of nuns lose fight against Obamacare, ordered to provide contraception for employees
Boy faces assault charges for kiss made on a dare at Md. middle school
Pikesville, Maryland: 13-Year-Old Faces Assault Charge for Kissing 14-Year-Old, Police Say
Boy faces assault charges for kiss made on dare at Pikesville Middle School
'Terrorist' Troll Pretended to Be ISIS, White Supremacist, and Jewish Lawyer
Donald Trump's deleted 9/11 tweet
Kentucky Clerk Again Asks for Delay on Gay-Marriage Licenses
'Orcs of New York' hilariously highlights lives of 'LOTR' baddies
Some Guy Peed All Over People on a Jet Blue Flight
Election 2016: Bobby Jindal: Donald Trump "looks like he's got a squirrel" on his head
Pastor Arrested For Rape, Distributing Illegal Images
Seattle Man Faces Felony Charge After Punching a Lamborghini
Legendary Punk Venue Now Just a Normal Basement
Whitney Houston to return as hologram in 2016
Lance Armstrong biopic actor takes performance-enhancing drugs as 'research'
NYPD cop who tackled tennis star James Blake has been sued 4 times for excessive force
At least 107 people killed and 238 injured after Bin Laden firm crane collapses on Grand Mosque
Police 'find fully loaded gun in woman's vagina' after traffiic stop.
Cops: Woman concealed loaded gun in vagina
Obama races with demons!
'Not every opinion is valid:' Carleton University free speech wall torn down within hours
Plane passenger woke, stood, urinated on others and went back to sleep
Nordic men worry more about looks than money
Gay, Atheist Cop Cites Victims' Religious Beliefs And Doesn't Stop Vandalism at Baptist Church
Meet the teenage chess champ who plays for charity-as a Jawa
What's the free world come to when a man can't make smutty jokes about his daughter?
Hillary Planning to Be More Spontaneous
Church Warns Against "Spiritually Transmitted Disease"
Florida Gun Shop offers discount with promotion code "Muslim"
Female reporter condones keying of expensive cars because they basically deserve it.
Couple admits to getting drunk, having sex in the middle of Norfolk shopping center parking lot
Donald Trump was tricked into thanking U.K. Labour Party's new left-wing leader
One Alabama city is now considering banning mini-skirts and short shorts
Joys of pootling along in the car
Tourists complain of heat when visiting Auschwitz, so they installed showers
Refugees housed at German Concentration Camp
Auschwitz Museum Installs Showers in Offensive Attempt to Cool Off Summer Visitors
Congressman: Schools should expel on sex assault allegation.
All You Can Trump Buffet
Florida man mistakenly texts narcotics captain to sell drugs, gets arrested
Priest speaks out after burglars urinate in holy water at church
Did you Know That one Third of Americans Would Support a Military Coup?
GCHQ is giving out advice on how to set a good password
In Pictures: Gold rush frenzy on Chinese highway... turns out to be sulfur powder
Boy faces assault charges for kissing 14-year-old girl on dare
Accused testicle grabber gets jail
Brooklyn Witches Are Doing Their Part to Defeat Donald Trump By Casting Hexes on Him
Passenger Urinated on Others Aboard JetBlue Flight to Portland: Police
If FIFA players gave press conferences
man urinated on passengers aboard portland bound flight
Ohio church sues strip club for holding topless protests
'Detained but ready to mingle': Gitmo's lonely heart on Tinder and Trump
Donald Trump apparently had more military training in preschool than in the actual military.
IN ZIMBABWE, A CEMETERY HAS BECOME AN EXERCISE HOTSPOT
George Clooney solves sexism one movie at a time
High School Football Team Scores 90 Points, and Still Loses
Runaway 100lb tortoise back home after mile-long journey
Emmy Winner Stabs Roommate during Argument Over How Many Oscars He'd Win
Reason why Japans flood waters are clean: Isahaya-Bay. The right side is seawater, and the left side is freshwater
Defense? PA HS football teams post 107-90 score, RB rushes for 720 yards
Hillary to Show More Heart and Humor, Aides Say
Iran says finds unexpectedly high uranium reserve
China names and shames 4 tourists over Thai airport incident - they refused to board until their compensation demands were met, then broke into the national anthem amid hooting, shouts and general chaos in the departure lounge.
Germany Houses Asylum Seekers at Former Nazi Concentration Camp
Actor Ben Foster started taking drugs to play Lance Armstrong
A 10 pound miracle fruit that smells like rotting onions and tastes like pulled pork could save millions from starvation
China names and shames 4 tourists over Thai airport incident
Jeremy Lin Has to Convince Charlotte Hornets Security That He Plays for Team
Emmy-winning producer wanted for allegedly stabbing roommate over Oscars joke
Pyrotechnics expert dead after 140-year-old stone house explodes
Narcissists eventually figure out they are not especially socially valued
'Night Out By Girls Is Against Indian Culture,' Says Union Minister Mahesh Sharma
Pyrotechnics expert dies in home explosion | News
Oregon Cat Steals for Its Police Sergeant Owner
Xiaomi says it will soon solve the most important questions in life
Hungry Polar Bears Trap Russian Scientists In A Remote Weather Station
Police: Woman arrested after having sex with unconscious man in Virginia parking lot
Woman caught having sex with unconscious boyfriend in supermarket car park
Having High Aspirations Can Lead to Depression
I sometimes post to this website
One-Third of Americans Would Be Fine with the Military Taking Over
Mecca Construction Crane Collapse 'Act of God,' Says Engineer
Prosthetic penis 'attack' "impossible to believe" says lawyer of woman accused of sex toy assault
'Gaydar' May Not Actually Be a Thing
Desperate Alabama Lawmakers May Reach in Pocket of Pornographers: 'It's a very fluid situation,' says sponsor of 50 percent sin tax bill.
Desperate Alabama Lawmakers May Reach in Pocket of Pornographers
Camerawoman Who Attacked Refugees: "I'm Not a Heartless, Child-Kicking Racist"
If you're thirsty, carrying a gun, and happen to be in Jackson, TN today, boy do I have good news for you!
Message to Aliens Needs to Reflect Gender Equality and Diversity, Experts Say
Let's Fish Cheats Coins and Banknotes Energy Generator Hack Tool
Firefighter groom jumps into action during his own reception
Antonio Banderas Is Going to Fashion School So He Can Bring Capes Back to Menswear
Teen Faces Assault Charge for Kissing a Girl on a Dare
Jeremy Lin says Hornets security didn't believe he was NBA player
Boy, 13, faces assault charges for kissing girl, 14, on dare
LHS Cheerleaders 9/11 routine 2015
™//FrEE™//Ball State Cardinals vs Texas A&M Aggies live
Former CEO Of Apple John Sculley Debuts Two New Android Phones
Burning Man considers legal action against Quizno's
Conservative candidate resigns after reading Conservative platform out loud
Burning Man Burning up Over Quiznos Ad
19-inch Penis Man: Prison Guards Tormented Me ... They Called Me Anaconda.
Trump's Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory
Stanford Is Requiring Malala Yousafzai To Take SATs Because A Nobel Peace Prize Is Meaningless These Days
Bidding My College-Bound Son Good Riddance I have raised a sweet, thoughtful, environmentally conscious monster-and soon I will be free."
Father who launched Facebook campaign to find the 'hit-and-run' motorist who ran his 15-month-old son over discovers it was HIM and he hadn't noticed
Ben Foster says he doped to prepare for role as Lance Armstrong
Florida gun maker thinks 'Crusader' gun with bible quotes will act as 'Muslim terrorist' kryptonite
Poor nations want U.S. to pay reparations for extreme weather
Toy train derails on Shimla-Kalka route (India), 2 foreigners killed
Marine study finds all-male infantry units outperformed teams with women
'America Needs Another Lawyer' Program Introduced at the University of Iowa
Group of vets, bounty hunters, ex-cops hunts highway shooter
Man ticketed for doing 112 mph on the way to traffic court
Michigan Cops Plan to Pull Teenagers Over for Obeying the Law
Mom disappointed in brilliant son's career path
Perfect Match: Brazilian Kids Learn English by Video Chatting With Lonely Elderly Americans
Colonoscopy finds stolen Thai diamond worth $400,000
Bin Laden Crane Hit By Lightning On 9/11 Anniversary, Crushes Mecca Pilgrims In What Engineer Calls 'Act Of God'
Antonio Banderas is going to fashion school so he can make men's capes a thing again
Man who shot roommate while teasing cat with laser sight fined $50
Jeremy Corbyn is Labour leader and people are trolling Tony Blair
Illinois health officials shutter enterprising 11-year-old's cupcake business
Migrant crisis: Germans chide Facebook over race hate
Police: Boy charged with assault says he kissed girl on dare in Maryland
Actor who played Crimewatch 'killer' 21 years ago becomes suspect in same case
School district investigates mass baptism filmed at football practice
Pastor defends mass baptism, with some regret
Mass baptism lands Georgia high school football team in hot water
Horse sex attacker Alan Blackman pleads guilty
Crimewatch Actor Steve Watson In Police Probe After Locals Name Him As The Murder Suspect He Portrayed
North Korea insists it has a good human rights record, UN unconvinced
Lifehack: Wear Super Tight Skinny Jeans To Thwart Pickpockets
"I'm My Own Prophet", Topless Feminist Storms Stage At Muslim Conference
Matt Flynn gets cut by Jets, decides to start drinking immediately
Soldiers in camo pose for photo in uniform to 'normalize breastfeeding'
Rob Lowe: Alcoholism gave me a better life
Birds pooping force Kings of Leon from St. Louis stage
Egyptian Billionaire Offers to Buy Island to House Migrants
Middle Schooler Charged With Assault for Kissing a Girl on a Dare
California Deputies Shoot Man Recording Them with Phone After Fearing for Their Lives
Hotel robot accidentally smashes up a guest's sports car
Since marijuana legalization, highway fatalities in Colorado are at near-historic lows
Kamilah Brock: Woman held in mental health facility because police didn't believe BMW was hers
Wealthy man buys world's most expensive cake for $75 million for daughter's birthday party
Colonoscopy uncovers stolen Thai diamond worth $400,000
Colonoscopy uncovers stolen Thai diamond
I Ordered Domino's With a Pizza Emoji and It Took Three Hours
When His Project Was Canceled, an Unemployed Programmer Kept Sneaking Into Apple to Finish the Job
NASA refutes Christian claims that the blood moon on September 28 will cause end of world
This App Will Play Nickelback If You Try To Contact Your Ex
A Cheer Squad's Routine Set To The Sounds Of 9/11 Has Everyone Talking
Norwegian politicians propose putting refugees on Svalbard - remote Arctic islands with more polar bears than people
TUSD gets more lenient on head lice policy
Iran's President Wishes Jews a Happy Rosh Hashana
Texas woman arrested with pistol in vagina, 29.5 grams of meth in purse, police say
Guantanamo Bay detainee has online dating profile, is 'detained but ready to mingle'
Man arrested on plane after accidentally 'urinating all over fellow passengers'
Guantanamo Bay detainee has online dating profile and says he is "detained, but ready to mingle"
Poll: 43 percent of Republicans believe Obama is a Muslim
Obama To Receive Second Nobel Peace Prize
No 'seven dwarfs' for Snow White in De Montfort Hall's Christmas panto
Voodoo supreme chief Max Beauvoir, of Haiti, dies at 79 after illness
Danish man tries to kill wife with a liter frozen milk
Experts Concerned We've Sent Sexist Messages to Space
Cat cafés in Canada offer lattes and furry felines
Man tried to kill his wife with frozen milk
Sony telling users to not use waterproof Xperia phones underwater
Thief Buys $400 Jordans With Fake Cash, Beats Up Seller
Kim Davis Mocked by Marriage Billboard in Hometown
Mini fedoras for man buns
'Intimate activity' in the big O, says Mayor John Tory
Supermodel falls on runway, gets right back up
Art of indian sex | Kamasutra | top 10 sex position kamasutra
Colorado park stays closed because too many people are trying to take selfies with bears
'Stolen' diamond surgically removed in Bangkok
Drunk Guy on Plane Wakes Up, Pisses Everywhere, Goes Back to Sleep
28-year-old man dies after candles start fire in birthday celebration
Cops Put Black Woman in Mental Hospital Because They Didn't Believe She Owned BMW
Elton John: I'll try to influence Putin
Colonoscope helps Thai police recover stolen 6-carat diamond
Stolen €12,000 bike 'on sale for €120'
Satanists Want To Erect Statue Of Devil-Goat Next To 10 Commandments Monument
Germany Houses Asylum Seekers in Buchenwald Nazi Concentration Camp
Burning Man is so anti-capitalist it's threatening to sue Quiznos for mocking the festival
Actor Tom Hardy goes to film festival to promote his movie
NASA says end of the world not imminent
Fox News anchor sues Hasbro for $5 millio over lookalike toy hamster.
Anti-Islamic Gun Shop Owner Offers 9/11 'Muslim' Discount
Two topless feminists storm Muslim conference stage during 'wife beating' discussion
KFC Employee Fired for Making Out with Boob-Shaped Tub of Mashed Potatoes and Posting Photos of the Act Online
NFL Star Richard Sherman GOES OFF On Man Who Called For "Open Season On Crackers and Cops"
Egyptian security forces mistake tourists for terrorists, killing 12
Iranian President Rouhani wishes Jews happy Rosh Hashana
Topless Feminists Storm Muslim Conference in Paris
Drunken bender ends in five-day erection
Miss America contestant says Tom Brady 'definitely cheated,' immediately crowned Miss America
Los Angeles Unveils Puny BMW Electric Police Car
How to protect the vulnerable eggs of Mexico's sea turtles? Drones.
Historian understood to have found first use of word f*** in 1310 English court case
LSTM (Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine) study reveals how insecticide-treated bed nets are effective in preventing malaria
LSTM study reveals how insecticide-treated bed nets are effective in preventing malaria
Outrage as black woman was 'forced to spend eight days in a psych ward because cops would not believe the BMW she was driving was hers'
New York cops held Kamilah Brock in a psych ward because they didn't believe she owned her BMW
Robbery turns into stick fight at Portland pot cart
National and Local FOP presidents want hate crime laws expanded to protect police
ASU Prankster Pulls Goofy Prank With One Of His Biggest Fans, And It's Epic
Florida man dealing drugs accidentally texts narcotics captain
Man arrested after texting narcotics officer instead of drug dealer
Thai police extract $400,000 diamond from jewellery thief's bottom
Whitney Houston hologram to embark on world tour
online invoicing system, online billing software
World's most stupid bank robber asks cashier to put money in to his own bank account
Natwest bank robber is caught after giving his OWN bank details
Lance Armstrong actor's shocking drug confession
Father launches campaign to find son's hit and run driver only to realise he was responsible
Actor confesses to using performance enhancing drugs while filming Lance Armstrong film
University of South China criticized after students pick majors out of a hat
Hitler's all-conquering stormtroopers 'felt invincible because of crystal meth-style drug Pervitin'
College criticized for assigning majors through lottery
Crimewatch Actor Has Been Accused Of The Murder He Acted Out
Tip-Offs Accuse Crimewatch Actor Of Murder He Was Helping Police To Solve
Historian Finds Oldest Use Of F-Word Hidden In Medieval Court Papers (From circa 1310)
I Bought Dank Memes at an Internet Market
Slaughterhouse Employee Accused of Murdering 71 Coworkers Over 17 years
New York Times Invents Stephen Colbert-Hummus 'Controversy' to Support Boycott of Israel
Vivienne Westwood drives tank to David Cameron's house in anti-fracking protest
Denver Canyon Remains Closed Because Too Many People Are Taking Selfies With Bears
Jack White allegedly attempted to fight The Black Keys' Patrick Carney at NYC bar
Russia Has Older Democracy Than U.S. and First Black General Proves It - Elections Chief
Hipster saved from mugging thanks to tight pants.
Donald Trump accuses wheelchair-bound pundit of just sitting there and calls him a jerk
The Reason Why I Will Never Go For Hajj
More children getting drunk on hand sanitizer
American Airlines accidentally used the wrong plane to fly to Hawaii
Black Widower Lured Women On Christian Dating Sites
Surfing In North Korea? Kim Jong-Un Launches Tour To Boost Tourism, Rebrand County's Image
The Reason Why I'll Never Go For Hajj
Air India is going to ground 'fat' crew members
Why swallowing a 6 carat stolen diamond is not a good idea
Air India set to ground 125 "overweight" cabin crew members
MI Tea Party compares expulsion and resignation of MI state reps. to 9/11 attacks
Scientist Missing for over 30 years Found Living Inside Secret LSD Drug Lab Hidden in Basement.
Easton man reflects on world record pumpkin ride down Taunton River
More kids getting drunk on hand sanitizer
Miss America winner claims Tom Brady is a cheater
Skinny jeans thwart attempt to steal hipster's iPhone
Egyptian forces kill 12, mistaking Mexican tourists for militants
Florida man who wanted to buy weed and cocaine mistakenly texts narcotics captain
Man Thinks He's Texting His Drug Dealer, Accidentally Messages Police Captain Instead
Man charged for stabbing son-in-law who found him in bed with his wife
Two rich guys sing about not having enough money to pay rent, recommend spending what you do have to party
'I promise you I will win', says completely sane presidential candidate John McAfee
Alabama Town Instituting Pelvic-Area Dress Code Because 'God Would Not Go Around With His Pants Down'
Neil Young snubs Donald Trump, gives "Rockin' in the Free World" to Bernie Sanders
Hospital gives elderly patients tambourines to call nurses - and maracas in case the tambourines break
Wisconsin GOP Advances Bills Controlling How People On Welfare Eat And Pee
Alabama Official: God Told Me to Ban Saggy Pants - God may also ban short skirts and skimpy dresses in the Alabama town of Dadeville.
Sorry, You Can't Pay The IRS With A Check For $100 Million Anymore
IRS no longer takes checks for $100M
Alabama city wants to ban saggy pants, mini-skirts: 'What would God do?'
Report: More kids getting drunk on hand sanitizer
The rare Pepe trade is booming on Craigslist
Guy destroys golf club with his Mercedes
Cult Leader Unleashes Giant Snail Plague
Stephen Jackson admits Carlisle sneezing attacks
John Oliver Shuts Down His Megachurch, Blames Semen
Medway man jailed after providing his own bank account details during knife-point bank hold-up
Florida continues its war against invasive giant snails
College student drives Barbie jeep after drink driving arrest
Denver canyon closed because too many tourists are taking 'selfies' with wild bears
Bridge-jumping, Car-stealing Woman Was 'Hella Drunk,' Say Court Docs
Former inmates are reviewing prisons on Yelp
Lawsuit: Cops Put Black Woman in Mental Hospital Because They Didn't Believe She Owned BMW
Dr. Oz hears why he annoys fellow doctors
Pit master arrested for assaulting woman with brisket at Danville festival
Topless FEMEN activists disrupt Muslim conference in France (VIDEO)
Alabama will require students to learn about evolution, climate change
The Internet Room of North Korea's New Airport Doesn't Have Any Internet [X-post /r/northkorea]
Alabama Town Bans Short Shorts and Saggy Pants After Councilman 'Prayed About This'
Schwarzenegger Takes Over For Trump On 'Apprentice'
Florida Man Accidentally Texts Police Captain About Buying Drugs
International drug smuggling operation is using whales to transit drugs across the US-Mexican border. 223 pounds of cocaine were discovered inside the stomach of a washed up whale
Attempted bank robber demands cash transfer ... to his own account
Terrence Howard has developed his own mathematics language based on 1x1=2
Chicago Writer Says Sex Workers Cannot Be Raped
He Took 35 Viagra Pills 'For Laughs,' Got Five-Day Erection
A star San Antonio television reporter recently was fired for showing a Gwar character's hideous "Bag of Dicks."
McDonald's employee arrested for altercation with manager from refusing to remove his Wendy's hat
It's the Ten-Year Anniversary of Realizing 'Garden State' Sucked
Important Win for Fair Use in 'Dancing Baby' Lawsuit
Typing With Your Nose World Record Broken
Anti-Piracy Ad Creators Fined For Stealing Musician's Work
John Oliver Closes His TV Church After People Send Unwanted 'Seed' Donations
Cop charged for splashing colleague with semen
What happens when you mistakenly text a narcotics captain to buy drugs
Teen Accidentally Shoots Himself In Leg For Second Time In 3 Months
Pastor John Oliver Shuts Down Church Over Unsolicited Semen
DISAGREEMENT AT BBQ FESTIVAL LEAVES WOMAN INJURED BY BRISKET
Police: Man Who Killed Firefighter Mad Over Traffic Delay
Israeli football fans wave banner reading 'Refugees Not Welcome'
Flying brisket injures woman during fight at Danville barbecue festival
Identical twin sisters of Utah each expecting with second set of identical twins
Most Bay Area millennials plan to buy a home - somehow, someday
Man arrested after accidentally texting cop asking to buy blow
Chinese citizens amazed by cleanliness of Japan's floodwater
Al Qaeda declares WAR on ISIS as evil regimes go head to head in bloody showdown
Don't use your waterproof Xperia smartphones underwater, says Sony
Nearly A Third Of Americans Still Believe President Obama Is Muslim, New Poll Reveals
A Maryland corn maze is designed to look like Taylor Swift's face
California Assisted Suicide Bill Passes Assembly during National Suicide Prevention Week
DOJ Drops All Charges Against Professor After Realizing No One Checked To See If What He Sent To China Was Actually A Secret
Rebel billionaires eager to follow Trump into politics
Idaho hiking trail closed because of aggressive goats
Band Member Afraid to Request Time Off From Dead-End Job He Hates
Artist paints portrait of Donald Trump with her own menstrual blood
Air India to ground 'fat' cabin crew
Clash over dog poop in South Delhi, 1 hurt in firing
Council rejects planning permission for Wendy House
Police: Driver bit pedestrian she struck
Nations using child soldiers are invited to British arms fair
Pope Francis: 'Jesus was popular and look how that turned out'
Devo singer Jerry Casale married in 9/11-themed wedding ceremony that pokes fun at Twin Towers
Medieval skeleton discovered in roots after centuries-old beech tree is torn down by storm in Ireland
Game of Thrones burlesque show approved by George R.R. Martin
Whitey Bulger: I bought a boy a puppy while on the run
Iranian president tweets Rosh Hashanah greeting
China: Students assigned degree majors by lottery
Cops: Florida Man Trying to Buy Weed Accidentally Texts Narcotics Captain
President Obama shows his birth video to a crowd of people during Annual dinner and then makes fun of Donald Trump.
Busted: Drug dealer accidentally texts MCSO narcotics detective
Mike Huckabee wants to know if Syrian refugees are fleeing tyranny or 'coming because we've got cable TV'
Blind woman awakens to home invasion suspect lying on top of her
Black woman committed because no one believed she could own a BMW.
Ashley Madison users chose passwords like "whyareyoudoingthis"
Black woman committed to mental ward because no one believed she owned a BMW.
U.S.-China Relations Show Chilling Signs After Obama Changes Hotel Accommodations
Cat blamed for starting Lansing house fire
8-Year Old Boy Wins Bentley Continental GT in Lottery
Intelligent machines: Call for a ban on robots designed as sex toys
Fake Weddings Are Big in Argentina
Police: Woman Had Loaded Gun Hidden In Her Vagina
High School Band Teacher Abruptly Resigns After Her PORN STAR Double Life Gets Exposed
Garden City woman paints 'Jesus raped me' on her house, calls it a metaphor
Kent high school teacher resigns after explicit photos discovered
Devo founder Jerry Casale throws 9/11 themed wedding
Ashley Madison's terms and conditions told users it ran fake accounts
Roseville Teen has long walk to school.
Bear Cub Is Out of Pizza Joint, On Way to Rehab
Kamilah Brock Spent 8 Days in a New York Mental Health Facility Because She Owned a BMW
Florida man arrested after texting cop about drug deals
Israeli settlers publish anti-Palestinian children's book titled 'Occupation Shmuccupation'
13th DUI for 'erratic' pickup driver
Fugitive Monkey Leads Kentucky Police on Thrilling 2-Day Chase
Someone made a T-shirt for the "What are those!?" video
Wisconsin man fined $50, keeps gun after shooting roommate while teasing cat with laser sight
Atlanta investigating whether fire stations were used in sex ads
Malaysia, Singapore should take responsibility for fires too, says Indonesian expert
BBQ Cook Arrested After Throwing Brisket At Woman, Burning Her
World famous chef shuts down restaurant, reopens as urban farm
Send aliens modern messages of Earth's equality and diversity, say scientists
Man takes 35 Viagra after a two-day bender
Gun goes off when Janesville man tries to take a selfie
Albinos allegedly murdered for lucky charms to help win Tanzanian elections
Lipogen Rx Garcinia Cambogia
Man tries to sell kidney for iPhone 6s
Terrence Howard believes 1x1=2, so he created his own language
Having sex with robots is really, really bad, Campaign Against Sex Robots says
Hillary Clinton: Bill as VP has 'crossed her mind'
John Oliver Had to Close His Megachurch Because Too Many People Sent Him Semen
Swedish hip-hop duo built a gay club in Putin's land
Hipster saved from mugging by skinny jeans
After Abbott: anti-Islam right-wingers confused about who to vote for
Police In Reno, Nevada, Investigate Watermelon Attacks On Cars
'No Happy Mother's Day for Britain's pigs': Militant vegan MP who branded livestock farming 'dirty and cruel' is given shadow cabinet role... trying to connect with British farmers
North Carolina rolls out online physical education classes
Jeremy Corbyn appoints vegan Kerry McCarthy to deal with Britain's farmers
Elton John wants to meet with Vladamir Putin to discuss gay rights.
Massachusetts man kayaks in 817-pound pumpkin, believes he set new Guinness World Record
Vandals Damage Cars in NW Reno Neighborhoods with Watermelons
Flats in Stockport evacuated after exploding egg causes breakfast fire
BBQ Pit Master Arrested For Assaulting Woman with Brisket
Alabama Politician Claims God Told Him to Outlaw Saggy Pants
Homeland Security Shuts Down Library's TOR Node Citing "Situational Awareness"
Man Shot by Police Found Hiding Under Bed in West Side Home
Woman hit with hot brisket during Kentucky BBQ fest fight
Member of Parliament 'stuck in tank for 5 hours threatens to shoot bystanders'
Alabama Official: God Told Me to Ban Saggy Pants
Rick Perry megadonor wants his $5 million back
Homo naledi promotes Africans as subhuman: Mathole Motshekga
Man charged after hitting pit master with hot brisket during Danville BBQ festival
IRS no longer accepting $100 million (dollar) checks.
Actor Ben Foster took performance enhancing drugs to play Lance Armstrong
Creepy ultra-realistic SEX robots are facing UK ban
GITMO CALLS DONALD TRUMP 'RACIST,' ADDS 'HILLARY CLINTON HAS A CHANCE'
Germany is housing refugees within Holocaust-era concentration camps
NASA reminds us that astronaut poop burns up 'like shooting stars'
Putin phone's Elton John after request to discuss gay rights in Russia
Too fat to fly? Air India grounds 130 flight attendants for being overweight
Two Chinese men try to sell kidney for latest iPhone
Woman convicted of impersonating man to dupe friend into having sex
Jeweler tries to sue anonymous woman who left 1-star Yelp review
Woman discovers 'boyfriend' is actually woman with strap-on after TWO YEARS
Little kids getting drunk on yummy hand sanitizers
Man Tries To Steal Phone From Walmart, Ends Up Stabbing Himself
Police Searching for Man Who Assaulted Clerk with Stolen Tacos
Omaha woman gives men $5,000 to show she trusted them; they split
Devo Co-Founder -- 9/11 Themed Wedding ... Box Cutters Anyone?
Chinese men try to sell kidney to buy 6S
Erotic Novelist Mom: 'I'm Not Ashamed of Anything I Do'
Frontwoman of Counterfeit accused of defrauding cancer fund
'Egg-shaped' senior wanted for pepper spray robbery
If you like Return Of The Jedi but hate the Ewoks, you understand feminist criticism
Alleged foot fetishist at Green Library
Flying brisket whacks woman amid beef at barbecue festival
Oh, Nuts! Why California's Pistachio Trees Are Shooting Blanks
UK spy agency GCHQ: Stop using difficult-to-guess passwords
Is it now sexist to put your arm around your girlfriend's shoulder?
Helen Mirren: Putting Your Arm Around Your Girlfriend Is 'Like Ownership'
India minister backs 'yogic' farming to 'empower seeds'
Cindy in a bikini gets dead catfish stuck to her butt after friend slaps her with it at beach
Ahead of Pope Francis' Visit, Survivors of Sexual Abuse Take Stock
Woman who posed as man guilty of sexual assault
Zimbabwe's Mugabe reads wrong speech at opening of parliament!
91 year old climbs Mont Orford....in his car
Kim Davis has garnered support across the country for refusing to grant marriage licenses to same-sex couples based on her religious belief. ISIS Leaders Praise Kim Davis - First Female to Win ISIS Courage Award
Parents Sue School Over Son's 'WiFi Allergy'
Man Trapped In Budweiser Warehouse Resorts To Drinking His Own Urine
Bigfoot hunters hampering search for suspects in $6.5 million Texas marijuana farm bust
A gunmaker put a Bible verse on an 'Christian' assault rifle so that no 'Muslim terrorist' can use it
Guantanamo Bay prisoner Muhammad Rahim al-Afghani has Match.com DATING PROFILE
This AR-15 is Etched With a Bible Verse to Keep Muslim Terrorists From Using It
Unaware...Mugabe delivers the exact same 25-minute long speech he gave during state of the nation address last month in Zimbabwe parliament
Chelsea Clinton: It's 'surprising' not everyone loves my mom
Woman arrested after kissing a flight attendant and then punching her in the face
Car Crashes into Auto Parts Store, Needed Brake Fluid
Miss America Stripped Of Crown? Petition Demands Miss Georgia Lose Her Title After Tom Brady Comments
Devo's Jerry Casale Says 9/11-Themed Wedding Cake & Party Favors Were a 'Surprise'
Jerry Casale, Devo singer, throws 9/11-themed wedding with Twin Towers cake, box cutter favors
Devo bassist Jerry Casale apologizes for 9/11 wedding
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe reads wrong speech
Amazon's potty problem: Too many dudes, not enough toilets, workers complain to state officials
Girl, 12, finds porn on Amazon search for teenage books
Game of Thrones Star Emilia Clarke 'Can't Stand' Sex Scenes on TV
Liberty University Students Survived the Unsafe Space Created by Bernie Sanders and His Pro-Choice Views
Women convicted of impersonating a man to trick a woman into sex ten times, caught when the complainant ripped off her blindfold and saw her wearing a prosthetic penis.
Naked Winona man threatened with sausage grinder in warehouse
Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe reads wrong speech at parliament's opening
Ohio father of 3 murdered sons accused of impregnating underage stepdaughter
Watchdog: Red Hots candy factory too hot, workers say
Car crashes, lands on top of an auto shop
Impact of crash in Southgate sends car flying, landing on auto shop
Emily Blunt regrets U.S. citizenship after watching GOP debate
The "extraordinary" case of a woman who tricked her female friend into sex using a fake penis. Caught when the victim removed her blindfold, the events happened around 10 times over the course of a two year period.
Report: Intoxicated man at Hooters 'meows' at Rock Hill officers
Giant Fans Will Soon Suck CO2 Out Of The Atmosphere and Turn It Into Fuel
Man wanted for smelling women's feet in Florida university
Flying Korea's farmed dogs to safety
5-Year-Olds Dig Tunnel to Escape From Preschool
Study: Narcissists less concerned with others' narcissism
Lil Wayne Wants Drake To Never Stop Being Canadian
Man with possible foot fetish sought by Florida Intl. Univ. police
Study shows Russell Wilson should tweet less before games
Bobby Jindal Bravely Calls For Legalization Of Jesus
Facebook is working on a 'dislike' button
Blind Longsnapper Jake Olson Cleared to Play USC Football
Woman has sex with a man, who turns out to be a woman
Fight Comp Of The Week Ep 23
Mark Zuckerberg: Facebook Working on 'Dislike' Button ... Kind Of
Russia asks bomb and missile producers to stop drinking at work
Colorado Trail Closed Because of Bear Selfies
Foot-sniffer at Florida International University library wanted by police.
Three juveniles used a Facebook group for people with small feet to set up their rendezvous to meet and rob their victims.
Florida college warned about serial 'foot sniffer'
Police Officer suspended for sending anime meme.
Woman pretends to be a man, tricks another woman into sex
Woman convicted of impersonating a man to trick her friend into sex
Woman guilty of tricking blindfolded friend into having sex by pretending to be a man
Study: Birds that mate for love have more successful bird families
Dog dies after being left in Humane Society van
Utah Implements 21+ Law Regarding Hand Sanatizer
Scrawling 'F**k Your S**tty Town Bitches' On Speeding Ticket Is Free Speech, Judge Finds
Elton John: Kremlin denies Putin phoned over gay rights
Dad unknowingly hits son with car, turns to Facebook to catch culprit
Shaq turned down lucrative Starbucks deal because 'black people don't drink coffee'
Shaq turned down deal to open Starbucks because 'black people don't drink coffee'
'Detained But Ready to Mingle?' Somehow, a Gitmo Detainee Was on Match.com
Charlie Hebdo criticized for publishing an offensive cartoon
Indian agriculture minister encourages farmers to feed soil, tackle pests with 'peace vibrations'
Snitch-Ass Feral Hogs Lead Cops To Huge Northeast Texas Marijuana Farm
A Whitney Houston Hologram Tour Will Kick Off In 2016
Humane Society accidentally leaves dog in hot car
Jeb Bush video about America uses stock footage from foreign countries
Court Affirms Your Right To Scrawl "Fuck Your Shitty Town" On Speeding Tickets Received In Shitty Towns
Eastern Massachusetts man kayaks in 817-pound pumpkin
R. Kelly says he wrote 462 songs for his new album, and they're all hits
Colo. park closes because of bear selfies
ackson, Miss., looks for heaven to fill its potholes
Bear selfies force a Colorado park to close
Jackson, Miss., looks for heaven to fill its potholes
Alleged FIU Foot Sniffer Arrested
Social sciences and humanities faculties to close in Japan after ministerial decree
Portland artist uses period blood for Trump portrait
MOTORIZED PAPER AIRPLANES ARE DRONES, ACCORDING TO FAA
Fallen Woman Rescued By Penguins' Mascot Tux
Colorado hunter charged with shooting pilot of ultralight aircraft.
Lexus ES 300: The Lexus is Also for Hispanics
Partially-deaf Tory MP Alec Shelbrooke denies taking a nap during Trade Union Bill debate
Man arrested while putting up suicide awareness poster takes own life.
Walmart evacuated because a woman left a pressure cooker in the parking lot because she thought a spider was in it
Mark Zuckerberg reveals Facebook will add a Dislike Button
Lost GoPro Found 2 Years Later With Stunning Footage of Grand Canyon From Space
An Artist Is Selling A Menstrual Blood Portrait Of Donald Trump To Benefit Immigrant Rights
Zimbabwe's 91yo president Robert Mugabe asked to resign over delivering same speech twice
A peruvian jorunalist paid $30,000 for an exclusive interview with a criminal politician. He didn't show up and used the money to escape from prision. (URL in spanish)
Teenage girl jailed for murdering mother after watching Isis beheading videos online
Tennessee pastor tells kids to 'take an F' because history class is part of an 'Islamic invasion'
Air India grounds 'heavy' cabin crew
A man and his McNugget: Alabama man crowdfunds his way to 20 piece McDonald's meal.
Air Canada pilot diverts international flight to save dog
Federal Judge Rules New York Town Named Liberty Violated Man's Rights When Arresting Him for Calling It a "Shitty Town"
Florida man suspected of smelling woman's feet at library leads police on scooter chase
Gun maker hopes Christian engravings will keep assault rifles out of Muslim hands
Spryfield woman shocked after her cat picked up by stranger and euthanized
Mugabe reads wrong speech at Zimbabwe Parliament opening
Affidavit: Known meat thief caught on camera stuffing $102 worth of steak in pants at H-E-B
Irving 9th-grader arrested after taking homemade clock to school: 'So you tried to make a bomb?'
Sheriff: Don't eat the candy in KKK fliers
John Oliver disbands fake church after getting four vials of semen in the mail.
South Florida Campus Warned About Serial Foot-Sniffer in Library
Woman draws Donald Trump using her own menstrual blood
St.Louis Man to Wed St. Louis-Style Pizza
School Training Students to Throw Books at Potential Shooter
Hillary Clinton says all female sexual-assault accusers 'have the right to be believed' but skips over accused child rapist she defended in the 1970s - and what of Bill's 'bimbo eruptions'?
Zimbabwean President Delivers Same Speech Twice In A Month
Theives eat snacks and watch anime in a a string of Denver break in's.
Convicted child pornographers call for judge to reject 'ludicrous' plea deal in Jared Fogle case
Man on 'Looter Patrol' Arrested Near California Wildfire Zone for Police Impersonation
Drunk cowboy: 'Horse knows the way home'
Bad News 338 Lapua
Notorious drug lord Pablo Escobar used to cheat while playing Monopoly with his family
Swedish hiphop-duo might face charges after building a gaybar on Putins land.
Bloc Quebecois apologizes for use of U.S. photo in food sovereignty ad
Why Is That Dog Looking at Me?
'Like a brand called Hitler': Drug lord Pablo Escobar's family wants to trademark his name for clothing line
Weather presenters around the world attempt to say longest place name in Wales
Football field damage after weed killer instead of fertilizer
CEO Worried Being Convicted Of Sexually Harassing Female Employee Will Reflect Poorly On Him In Money Laundering Trial.
An arts student was to perform live anal sex infront of an audience for his "Art school stole my virginity" piece. He did not have anal sex and the audience were asked to insert bananas into the student's mouth.
Robots with artificial intelligence that can have sex with humans should be banned says a university academic
You'll soon be able to 'dislike' things on Facebook, says Mark Zuckerberg
Facebook working on 'dislike button', Zuckerberg says
Activists Campaign Against 'Harmful' Sex Robots
Campaign Launched Against 'Harmful' Sex Robots
Hong Kong's newest diet: staring at the sun and not eating
Tony Abbott sent a fax to resign as prime minister
Dumped prime minister Tony Abbott resigned by fax
Tony Abbott 'resigned as Prime Minister by fax'
Isil jihadist Omar Hussain complains of rude Arabs who steal his shoes and can't queue
ISIS Leaders Praise Kim Davis - First Female to Win ISIS Courage Award
'Dislike' button coming to Facebook
She Rubs Her Money With Alcohol And Makes A Distrubing Discovery
Seal rides on the back of a whale on the NSW south coast
Royal Navy aims to put laser 'death ray' on ships by 2020
Woman paints Donald Trump's portrait using her period blood
Baby hospitalized after parents accidentally filled bottle with vodka
Two Chinese men try to sell their kidneys to buy Apple's iPhone 6S
Man who injected cat with heroin sentenced to home confinement.
Porn Tax passes through Alabama House Committee
Chinese men try to sell kidneys to buy iPhone 6S
Man with no name finally knows real identity
Russian Mafia boss is secretly filmed having sex in prison with 'human rights activist' visitor - who was supposed to be checking on his jail conditions
Teen murders mother after watching ISIS beheading videos
Utah twins pregnant again with second set of twins
Don't Have Sex With Robots, Say Ethicists
British Jihadist in Syria complains of rude Arabs who steal his phone charger and don't know how to queue
14-year-old Ahmed Mohamed arrested for bringing homemade clock to school
Celtic write to fans reminding them to WASH after complaints about smelly supporters ruining games
'They thought it was a bomb': 9th grader arrested after bringing a home-built clock to school
Cops in Texas will no longer be allowed to perform roadside body cavity inspections.
British Isis member complains of 'rude Arabs' who steal his shoes, eat like children and won't queue
Texas Student Is Under Police Investigation for Building a Clock
Elgin HS football field damaged after fertilizer, weed killer mix-up
'Detained but ready to mingle': Bin Laden associate has set up a dating profile from Guantanamo, lawyer says
Ahmed Mohamed, 14, arrested over clock mistaken for bomb
September Apocalypse prediction has Mormon preppers stocking up on food
Muslim ninth grader arrested for bringing an electronics project to school
Ban the Intolerant and Anti-Islamic event of Oktoberfest
Man Smashes Mercedes With Golf Club In Protest
Scientists shot pigs in the head to study blood-spatter patterns
Student suspended for shaping Pop-Tart into gun
Scientists have been shooting pigs in the head for an experiment
Georgia children are drinking hand sanitizer to get drunk
Buddhist monk stole $150K to fund blackjack addiction, report says
7-Eleven offers 'Date Night' delivery of ice cream and condoms
I'll Be Darned, Wearing Socks With Sandals Is Fashionable
Man James Blake Was Mistaken For In Arrest, Was Wrong Man Too
Irving, TX high school's letter to parents regarding the "suspicious looking item."
Man creates Boober, an app like Uber but only has topless female drivers and a navigation system which automatically finds the bumpiest route
Mathematical Visionary Terrence Howard Says One Times One Equals Two
Selfies spreading head lice
FAYETTEVILLE TEEN TAKES PLEA DEAL IN SEXTING CASE
Terrence Howard thinks 1x1 = 2, has a secret system called 'Terryology' and spends 17 hours a day making nameless plastic structures
Prince is trying to sue over a baby dancing to his music
Town Loses in Case Over 'F**k Your S**tty Town Bitches' Speeding Ticket
Mugabe delivers wrong speech in Parliament
Actor From The League and Buffalo Wild Wings Commercials Lied for Years About 9/11 Escape
U.S. Judge Upholds Right to Scrawl Nasty Note on Speeding Ticket Payment
Representative Of Lord Jesus Christ Waves Tampon At LGBT Rights Hearing
Judge rules in favor of man who was arrested for writing 'F--K YOUR SH---Y TOWN B----ES' on N.Y. speeding ticket form
4.4K 111 2 Comment 235 Scrawling 'F**k Your S**tty Town Bitches' On Speeding Ticket Is Free Speech, Judge Finds
American Citizens vote to flee to the nations of Hawaii and Alaska if Trump is elected
Siberian Newlyweds Too Drunk to Board Plane
Bear Boosts Local Voter Turnout in Russian Regional Election
So Blues Traveler, 3OH!3 and a guy from *NSYNC walk into a 'Grand Theft Auto' simulator...
The South China Sea Is Ours, Chinese Admiral Says
The South China Sea Is Ours Because It's Got 'China' in the Name, Chinese Admiral Says
How Free Pizza Helped Make Planet Fitness The Fastest-Growing Gym Franchise In America
Donald Trump on debate: 'I think I could tone it down a little'
Millennial Men Aren't the Dads They Thought They'd Be
I am racist and my racism based on Islam, says Umno's Annuar Musa
Airline grounds 125 staff deemed too fat to fly
If Your Kid Is Acting Drunk Make Sure They Didn't Drink Your Hand Sanitizer
Scottish soccer team instructs fans to bathe after body odor complaints
Texas High School Student Shows Off Homemade Clock, Gets Handcuffed
Portland artist uses menstrual blood to paint portrait of Donald Trump
Huckabee: refugees may just want 'cable TV'
Teenage girl Lisa Borch jailed for murdering her mother after watching Isis beheading videos online
I am racist and my racism based on Islam, says Umno's Annuar Musa - The Malaysian Insider
14-Year-Old Boy Arrested For Bringing Homemade Clock To School
Oscar Meyer releases Sizzl - A dating app for people that like bacon
14 year-old arrested for bringing a homemade clock to school
Allentown street singer charged again with being loud
Iran captain to miss Asian Cup as husband took passport
Woman Removes Blindfold After Sex, Allegedly Discovers Her Boyfriend is a Female Friend
Dutch journalist buys fake Syrian passport with prime minister's photo
Rapper Young Moose released from jail "incarceration holding up production of movie"
Eugene police: Apartment complex manager attacked by resident brandishing broken hookah.
Chinese-American Cleared of Spying Charges Now Faces Firing
Charges: College student in Winona forced to strip, threatened with meat saw
My fiancee and I still haven't kissed
Obama invites arrested US Muslim boy to White House
Foot-Smelling Bandit At Florida International U. Arrested After Scooter Chase, Wreck
Cosmopolitan covered up in U.S. stores after advocates label it 'porn'
Ice Cube joins ISIS? Far-right spread meme showing US rapper 'ready for war'
Fake bomb blunder ends with White House invite
Russia complains over 'gay bar' on president's plot in Finland
#IStandWithAhmed Blows Up on Social Media
Sarasota baker refuses to use religion as excuse to turn away same-sex couples
White kid builds nuclear reactor and Homeland Security offers help
Florida man is arrested in college library foot-sniffing case
Sunlight sparked freak blaze at property
Woman who ignores warning signs and walks barefoot round Michigan botanical gardens is bitten by the state's only venomous rattlesnake
Increasing Number of Children Getting Drunk on Hand Sanitizer
(My) High School Assistant principle stars in music video
Sebastian Bach Understands Why People Keep Asking For SKID ROW Reunion
Husband Opens Box Thinking It's An Apple Watch, But What's Inside Makes Him Cry
Iran women's soccer team captain to miss international tournament after husband refuses to let her get a passport
Newsom goes "hair to hair" with Trump over immigration
Smelly football fan causes team to remind their fans that they need to wash.
Michael Savage: Liberals Are 'Insane' Because They Drink Seltzer
Philadelphia DA gets drunk and livetweets Aladdin
Iranian Women's Soccer Captain Will Miss Asian Cup After Husband Takes Passport
Gifted & Talented Kid Suspended for a Year for Maple Leaf
Police announce arrest of foot-sniffer at FIU library
Accused FIU foot sniffer taken into custody in southwest Miami-Dade
Trump Tells Interviewer 'I Could Tone it Down a Little Bit'
103-year-old woman banned from church after 92 years as member. Police called by church member when she went to worship.
Man files law suit against Twitter, claims DMs not as private as the company claims
Quincy Police recover Red Sox World Series ring during drug bust
Iran's women's soccer captain Ardalan may miss Asian Cup after husband took away passport
Rob Gronkowski left speechless by magic trick
Colorado hiking trail closed because too many people are taking selfies with bears
Two Russian phone pranksters say they faked Putin's 'call' to Elton John
Putin once quoted Eric Cartman from South Park.
Man Arrested After 'Throwing Hot Beef Brisket At Woman' In BBQ Row
Glenn Beck 'Horrified' by 'America's Latest Propaganda Machine'
Early shoppers line up for tax-free weed in Colorado
Tourists trying to take selfies with bears just ruined a Colorado park for everyone
Alleged pot growers plead not guilty; one can't remember where he lives
Oscar Mayer releases new bacon-themed dating app - Story
Dying Woman's Final Wish of Being Cryogenically Frozen Granted By Redditors
Irving ISD's letter home to parents after Ahmed's arrest.
This Handsome Donald Trump Menstrual Blood Portrait Will Help Immigrants
Portland artist uses period (menstrual) blood for Trump portrait
No baloney, Oscar-Meyer is launching a bacon-based dating app
Buffalo Bills WR Sammy Watkins: 'We expect to win at least every game' (x-post r/buffalobills)
New Rosslyn Starbucks Will Be Across from the Starbucks and the Starbucks
Buffalo Bills WR Sammy Watkins: 'We expect to win at least every game'
Oscar Mayer has released a bacon-based dating app (no baloney)
Tom Brady on a Donald Trump presidency: "That would be Great"
British jihadist complains his 'irritating' ISIL 'brothers' are rude, steal his shoes and eat like children
Tom Brady endorses Donald Trump
Strangeways prisoner ends rooftop protest saying: 'I've proved my point. I've got a 12in pizza and a can of coke'
City Council "Accidentally" Rejects 2016 Budget
Moment killer ended Strangeways roof protest 'after being promised pizza and can of Coke'
Go Ahead, Give Your Toddler A Kitchen Knife
Commander admits size of US-trained Syrian fighting force at '4 or 5'
Celtic 'urge supporters to wash'
How to Make Your Own Homemade Clock That Isn't a Bomb
Porn scam prompts Macon woman's call to cops
Jeb Bush vows to show more energy in GOP debate: 'If someone comes at me, bam! I'll come back at 'em'
Comcast raises prices just as CEO says "you can't raise the price forever"
Irving mayor defends arrest of Muslim teen with clock: 'To the best of my knowledge, they followed protocol'
Marion Council Turns Down Budget, Mayor to Councilman "You're an Idiot"
Ann Coulter To GOP: Focus On The White Vote, Not Minorities
Woman suspected of smoking pot at Austin music festival.
Family/Town outraged after child was locked in closet by teacher at school for up to 7 hours a day on multiple occasions
Crowdfunding campaign raises $10 for Chicken McNuggets
Who Is Watching All the Porn Marketed to Orthodox Jews?
Chris Christie: "The Pope Is Lying To Everybody, He's A Concealed Atheist"
Groundskeepers Accidentally Spread Weed Killer on HS Football Field
Man Kidnapped People, Forced Them To Buy Red Bull: Police
Twitter THE BENCH Groundskeepers Mistakenly Spread Weed Killer on HS Football Field
Missing bacon leads to assault charge
Groundskeepers Mistakenly Spread Weed Killer on HS Football Field
Man arrested after allegedly sniffing feet at Florida International library
US air force threatens to destroy property next door to Area 51 after owners refuse to sell
Someone made a 'Netflix and Chill' app, because of course they did
Lost hunter ate insects, slept with rats to stay warm
Jared Fogle's Downfall May Have Been A Porn-Smelling Police Dog
Texas governor picks home-schooler to lead state Board of Education
Man successfully crowdfunds 20-piece chicken McNugget meal
Linda Harvey: US Must Fight Gay Rights, Not Climate Change
Alabama Man Successfully Crowdfunds So He Can Buy A 20 Piece McNugget Meal
California State Trooper Smashes Window, Arrests Entire Family for Refusing Vehicle Search at Agricultural Checkpoint
Oscar Mayer creates dating app with matches based on bacon preferences
This man's bank keeps telling him he's dead
SEXBOTS: WHY WOMEN SHOULD PANIC
Bush admits to smoking pot: 'Sorry mom'
GOP Maintains Solid Hold On Youth That Already Look Like Old Men
Police: At least 500 weapons found in each room of Florida woman's home
Police: Florida man mistakenly texted cop for drugs
What to Wear at a Standing Desk
Barack Obama Is a Foreign Policy Grandmaster
College art student admits to hanging 'White Only' and 'Black Only' signs for class art project
Bronx Woman Punches 10-Year-Old Boy in Face for Not Saying 'Please'
Texas 9th Grader Arrested for Bringing Homemade Clock to School
Bernie Sanders Live Tweets GOP Debate; Gets Bored, Goes Home Early
Nikki Benz Applauds Amber Rose For Her Slut Walk
Burglars break into Verizon store but only steal fake phones
Taxpayers paid for charter school property, but they don't own it
Defendant in 1310 English court case given nickname 'Roger Fuckebythenavele' in what historians say is first recorded use of the insult
Homeland Security Chief: Everybody Stop Freaking Out
anti-violence ambassador John Elferink apologises after telling Labor MLA he was 'tempted to slap her'
Florida police arrest woman at home filled with thousands of bladed weapons
Rand Paul Calls Trump 'Sophomoric,' Trump Responds by Calling Him Ugly
Tom Brady endorses Donald Trump for president: 'That would be great'
فوائد زيت الخروع للشعر
Neighbor Lawsuit Seeks to Declare Autistic Boy a "Public Nuisance"
Seal surfing on whale
Jeb Bush wants Margaret Thatcher on $10 note
Indian composer Rahman faces fatwa for composing music for Iranian movie on Prophet Muhammad
MALAWI'S SHEPHERD BUSHIRI DECLARED FALSE PROPHET FOLLOWING FAKE IPAD PROPHECY
ACTION doesn't have enough buses to introduce new weekday bus timetable
US presidential hopeful Jeb Bush proposes Margaret Thatcher's face for new $10 bill
Elton John agreed to attend Moscow gay pride rally in Putin hoax call
Snakes looking for a drink slither into Australian toilets
Armed Man With Pants On Head Holds Up Shop
Priest rejects hymn from being sung at funeral 'because it is not in Maltese'
COLAPSO FINANCEIRO AMERICANO E TENSÕES MILITARES
Jimmy Carter Disses Chair, Stands Behind Podium at Town Hall
China's sperm banks entice customers with iPhone 6S
Bizarre insect looks like Starship Troopers alien--but what on earth is it?
Teen dies after parents allegedly try to 'teach him a lesson' by forcing him to drink
A Canadian Woman Who Was Fired for Drinking Wins Case by Arguing She's an Alcoholic
Naked Spanish clowns anger Palestinians
Student admits to hanging 'White Only' and 'Black Only' signs for class art project
Japan Military Bills Provoke Scuffling in Parliament
Former exec 'Fruitcake' gets 10 years in $16M money-launder case; his wife 'Cupcake' gets probation
Bullock from Uruguay found swimming four miles off Turkish coast
US Republican presidential hopeful Jeb Bush has said he would choose the former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher as the face of the new $10 bill.
Obama's Nobel peace prize didn't have the desired effect, former Nobel official reveals
Brawl breaks out in Japanese Parliament during debate over pacifism
Oregon's 'klepto kitty' steals neighborhood weed
Real kangaroo searches for probably-fake kangaroo in Hatton, North Dakota
Japanese politicians brawl in parliament... in debate about pacifism
It takes 9 cops to detain US teen for jaywalking
Starbucks to open a Starbucks opposite a Starbucks next to a Starbucks down the road from a Starbucks.
Oregon police sergeant's 'kleptokitty' steals neighborhood trash, including marijuana
Donald Trump says vaccinations are causing an autism 'epidemic'
Apple's first Android app helps you switch to iOS
Call blocking firm fined for making cold calls itself
New Law To Ban Legal Highs Could Also Make Church Incense Illegal
New York Giants are at the forefront of the burgeoning socks-with-sandals fashion movement
Thousands of swords, fake dead bodies found in Florida woman's home
Iranian women's soccer captain will miss Asian Cup after her husband holds her passport, so she will be present for their sons first day of school.
It Takes 9 Stockton Officers To Arrest 1 Teen For Jaywalking
Couple tries to teach 'lesson' to son about drinking; son dies with .587 BAC
MUN prof refuses to wear device for hearing disabled student, cites religious reasons
Goldfish attack! Unwanted carp showing up in High River ponds
Children getting drunk on hand sanitizer
San Francisco Housesitter Rents Out Someone Else's Apartment On Airbnb
Donald Trump Calls Rand Paul Ugly After He's Called Childish
China: Sperm banks entice donors with iPhone cash
Cops: More than 3,000 swords, machetes found in Fla. woman's home
Passenger who forced American Airlines plane to divert kissed, punched flight attendant in bizarre mid-air freakout
GOP Candidates, Asked to Name Iconic American Women, Cite Foreigners and Their Relatives
Chicken crosses road, does not make it to other side
Taylor Swift's face etched in 12-acre corn maze
Taiwanese visitor to UN in Geneva told to 'come back with your Chinese passport'
Are Russian Hackers Using Monkey Videos to Attack U.S.?
GOP debate: Jeb Bush said Donald Trump wanted casino gambling in Florida, got told 'no'
Post-Deal Iran Asks if U.S. Is Still 'Great Satan,' or Something Less
Wily Jeopardy! Contestant Gets Alex Trebek to Say 'Turd Ferguson'
Catholic High School Freshman Arrested After Taking Homemade Liturgical Calendar To School
Ex-con back behind bars after posting photo on Facebook
No, Ice Cube is not an Isis militant posing as a refugee
Seal spotted surfing humpback whale in Australia
Amazon just made a $50 tablet and you can buy a six pack
Somerville 'Pity Party' Aims To 'Turn That Grin Upside Down'
Why a 103-Year-Old Woman Was Banned From Her Life-Long Church
Topless female protesters manhandled after disrupting Islamic conference in France
Blind double-jointed woman who 'slipped handcuffs and bit police officer on the backside' is jailed
Nobel director regretted Obama peace prize
Pranksters impersonate Putin in phone call to Elton John
'Jeopardy!' contestant tricks Alex Trebek into saying Turd Ferguson on air
Japanese firms encourage their dozy workers to sleep on the job
New dating app matches people based on their bacon preferences
Scott Walker's website definitively declares him the victor of CNN's debate.
Điều trị viêm bao quy đầu dứt điểm, nhanh chóng tại Hà Nội
World Chess President Claims He Was Abducted By Space Aliens -- And They Invented Chess
Oscar Mayer Releases Sizzl, A Dating App For Bacon Lovers
Fans of Santana's Hit 'Smooth' Raise Money for 'Smooth'-Themed Convention
Rick Santorum: Kim Davis is like victim of the Columbine massacre
'I'm no grandchild of any ape': New human ancestor found in South Africa dismissed as a racist conspiracy
Florida woman named "Purple Rain" arrested
Purple Rain arrested on drug possession charges in Hollywood
Mom Sues School Over Peanut Butter Ban, Says It Violates Her Son's Rights
You can get an iPhone 6s for donating sperm in China
DORITOS RAINBOWS LAUNCHED TO PROMOTE THE RADICAL LGBT AGENDA
Punch up erupts in the Japanese Parliament during a vote on whether to end pacifism
Detroit neighborhood plea: 'We want squatters'
Bizarre moment 6ft3in Jeb Bush towers over Trump by craftily standing on his TIPTOES for group photo
Japanese politicians brawl in parliament over bill to allow troops to fight abroad
Ahmed Mohamed Arrest: Steve Wozniak Recounts When He Spent a Night in Juvie for a School Prank
Thirsty pythons are found lurking in Australian toilets
Mass brawl breaks out in Japanese parliament during vote to end pacifism
Two million Indians reply to ad for 300 clerical jobs
Woman's 'boyfriend' was actually her best friend using fake penis
Do vegetables really exist?
Russian prankster claims he called Elton John, impersonating Putin
Putin impersonators claim responsibility for prank phone call to Elton John
Liquid nitrogen cocktail: Wine bar fined £100k after teenager loses stomach
Liquid nitrogen cocktail: Lancaster's Oscar's Wine Bar fined £100k
€1m allocated to encourage Irish people to eat potatoes
Woman convicted of impersonating a man to trick her friend into sex - Telegraph
Oscar Mayer Releases Sizzl, a Dating App Exclusively for Bacon Lovers
Florida woman with 3,500 knives, swords, attempts to stab police officer, authorities say
Jeb Bush tweets picture of 9/11 aftermath to demonstrate how George W. Bush 'kept us safe'
White House Sends Baby a 'Happy 101st Birthday' Message
Why (Some) Psychopaths Make Great CEOs - Forbes
Doritos Launches Rainbow Doritos to Support LGBT Youth
Cops: More than 3,700 swords, machetes found in Fla. woman's home
Intelligence official: Not our job to warn OPM of cyber threat
White House Invites Several Opponents of Catholic Teaching to Greet Pope Francis
Rocky families, not same-sex parents, blamed for kids' troubles in adulthood.
Product Management Software System for Retailers
Grounds crew uses weed killer instead of fertilizer, ruins football field
Advocates hold birthday party for 30-year-old gas leak
Illinois HS field damaged when company mistakenly uses weed killer instead of fertilizer
Trump about Florida gambling law: "If I wanted it, I would have gotten it"
Flying Brisket Whacks Woman at Bar-B-Q Festival
Trump counters misogyny allegations by saying Fiorina has a 'beautiful face'
Toledo-area doctor admits sexual encounters with 3 patients, license suspended
Seattle Aquarium Trains Otter to Use Inhaler for Asthma
Bullet intended for pesky armadillo ends up injuring shooter's mother-in-law
Hundreds of Bunnies Plague Langley, Washington
Celtic writes to fans reminding them to wash!
Uber study finds that Uber surge pricing is Uber good
Trump Supporter Ann Coulter Slams Pandering to 'F---ing Jews
Ann Coulter Accuses Republican Candidates of Pandering to 'F---ing Jews'
شركة نقل اثاث وعفش باالاحساء هي شركة عالمية ومحترفة في مجال نقل الااثاث داخل الااحساء وايضا الي جميع المناطق حيث انها تعمل علي توفير جميع ما يطلبة العميل من انواع تغليف وايضا من توفير العمالة الفنية المدربة والتي تعمل علي تامين الااثاث والعفش من الخدوش والتجريح والتشميخ .
Shocking moment jealous wife bites off finger of husband's mistress during street brawl in Italy
Donald Trump says he is totally in favour of Vaccination.
Seattle Aquarium trains otter to use inhaler for her asthma
Donald Trump says he is Totally In Favour of Vaccinations.
Jeremy Clarkson and co's new Top Gear show on Amazon Prime might genuinely be called 'Gear Knobs'
Police: Woman set items on porch on fire to lure boyfriend out of other woman's residence
Dr. Peter Johnson OB GYN had his license suspended after admitting to having sexual relations with three patients. Judging by his name, he probably couldn't help himself.
Identity Of The "Hot Guy" At The GOP Debate Is Revealed
Man banned from Disney World after 'meth lab' joke goes wrong
On expelled Rep. Cindy Gamrat's re-election bid
Here Is Memphis Grizzlies All-Star Marc Gasol As A Crop Sculpture Maze
Teenager killed after a slug causes traffic light failure
Nobel panel saw Obama peace prize as 'mistake,' new book claims
Quiznos mocks techies at Burning Man, may be hit with lawsuit
Turns Out That Upscale Taco Bell Concept Didn't Go Over Well
Texas Police Blame Bigfoot for Inability to Bust Illegal Pot
Oregon man tries to get out of traffic ticket with fake 911 call
Dimon Says IPhones, Cars Help Balance Out U.S. Income Inequality
9 Chicago liquor store owners face bootlegging charges
Police: Driver getting ticket makes fake 911 call
Hired Housesitter Airbnb's Couple's Apartment
BBC Apologises For 'Sleeping' Alec Shelbrooke Tweet When Tory MP Is Actually Deaf
Fact checking reveals GOP debate was four percent fact
Fryeburg police seeking thief who took $10,000 worth of medicinal marijuana
Candidate Deez Nuts Wins the 2016 Presidential Campaign
Facebook user, Asif, ends friendship with Mudasir, welcomes new 'best friend', Salman
1 Arrest after Complaint of Man Sniffing Feet in a Library
Using football to tackle Nigeria's Boko Haram
As Zombie Rumors Fly, China Punishes Social Media Pranksters
Priest Builds Lego Replica of the Vatican
Photos: Japanâs lawmakers have a fistfight over pacifism
SF Couple Leaves For Burning Man And Their Hired Housesitter Airbnb's Their Apartment
Police force shortlisted for diversity award after recruiting one black police officer
Police: Teen rapes 3 year old, says she 'won't remember it'
'Super-gonorrhoea' outbreak in Leeds
Speaker at local Republican luncheon has history of questionable remarks
Jewish Man Dies as Rocks Pelt His Car in East Jerusalem
Toledo-area doctor suspended for sex with patients, staff
Coalition To Stop Gun Violence Petitions To Defund Project Childsafe Gun Safety Grant
Aichi police publish 'driving horoscopes' to encourage road safety
Let Dick Smith build 'truly Aussie' submarines with V8 engines and 'eff off, we're full' stickers, Senator Leyonhjelm quips
Canadian rail company has no explanation after 47-car train goes missing
Tom Brady Says It "Would Be Great" If Donald Trump Becomes President
Donald Trump fails to correct man who calls Obama Muslim
Kasich tries to praise Latinos -- and ends up talking about tipping the hotel maid
Doctor Aims to Perform Head Transplant in 2017, Experts Remain Skeptical
Brazillian clothing brand "C&A" takes down ad containing photos of children and the button "click and abuse" after complaints
Captive snake gives virgin birth
C & A takes call with children of your website on the internet after complaints
Cops Find 3,500 Knives, Swords And Blades In Florida Woman's Home
'Universal urination duration' wins Ig Nobel prize
Alberta man refuses to pay 'stunting' ticket he got in wheelchair
Trolling company schooled by Newegg over "shopping cart" patent sues its own attorneys
Captive snake with no male companion gives birth - again
Man thinks he and son poisoned by meth in hotel coffee maker
Mortuary mix-up involves 3 families in Ozarks
Ice Cube to play Scrooge in upcoming 'Humbug', a retelling of 'A Christmas Carol'
Driver claims diplomatic immunity after luxury car drag race in Beverly Hills: 'F--k America'
Mom found pushing dead son on swing indicted on manslaughter, child abuse charges
47-car long train disappears off the tracks in Canada - officials don't know where it went
If you're white, science says you're probably a racist.
Dad Says 'Meth Lab' Joke Got Family Banned From Disney
All-in brawl erupts in Japanese parliament over pacifism bill
HS Groundskeeper Puts Weed Killer Instead of Fertilizer on the Field
Elementary School Teaching Children to Throw Books at Classroom Gunmen
Apple appeal win could force changes to four-year-old Samsung phones
Long Beach Woman Detained for Sign Threatening Dihydrogen Monoxide (H2O) Attack, Cited for Illegal Posting
Point of Purchase Software | Vend iPad & Cloud Point of Sale
Ice Cube to play Scrooge in modern retelling of "A Christmas Carol"
Prominent South Africans say discovery of new human ancestor is a racist theory
Rosie O'Donnell Responds to Question About Daughter's Disappearance: 'No Mom Is Perfect'
NYT: What to Wear at a Standing Desk
2.3 million apply for 368 peon posts in Uttar Pradesh
Is Kim Jong-Un a Radio 1 fan? BBC reveals ONE North Korean loves listening in
Dissolved German SWAT unit wrecks office with chainsaw
Swedish hip-hop artists build replica of 'Police Academy' gay bar at Putin's summer cottage
Pub landlord who attacked regular who didn't drink up quickly enough found guilty of murder
LMAO DONALD TRUMP STRAIGHT IGNORES HIS ONLY BLACK SUPPORTER!!!!
This stamped and addressed potato was successfully delivered to Ireland from England
Teen's probation for nude selfies includes accepting warrantless searches.
Leaving your loved ones your tattoos is now a thing
Jeremy Corbyn won't stop until everyone in Britain is offended
Ukip MEP blasts EU for helping refugees while grass left uncut in Essex
Toy Story fan who changed name to BUZZ LIGHTYEAR refused driving licence
Nine police officers arrest unarmed black teen after 'jaywalking' - video
Florida Satanic Church To Pass Out Children's Coloring Books In Public Schools
Forgotten deal means MUN prof doesn't have to accommodate hearing-impaired students - Ranee Panjabi told student she wouldn't wear FM system due to religious reasons
Police: Man trying to sell magazines calls resident 'crackhead'
Trump backs autism group that rejects his views
Woman who burned boyfriend's penis with hair straighteners as punishment for cheating gets suspended jail sentence
Casio To Sell Calculator for $220 (No Apps Included)
Burglars grab dummy phones from Verizon store
Murder suspect, trial witness mistakenly put in same cell
Seattle officer who arrested black man carrying golf club as a cane fired for racial bias, confrontational manner: officials
POS Solutions | Vend iPad & Cloud Point of Sale
Rage against the Machine predicted Trump's campaign
Mysterious Teen Burglars Are Stealing Denver's Hot Pockets and Netflix
Chimps like movies starring people in ape suits
home : news : local September 18, 2015 9/18/2015 4:17:00 AM Lawyer: My client was too stoned to waive his rights
Lawyer: My client was too stoned to waive his rights
A teen looking at felony sex offender charges for taking and keeping nude photos of himself has agreed to a plea deal
Metal Gear Solid V will have horse armour DLC
Professor, citing religious grounds, refuses to wear sound device for hard-of-hearing student
Man rings police after private massage worker offered him sex
Buffalo Wild Wings ending ads after actor lied about Sept 11
Ice Cube Is Scrooge in 'Christmas Carol' Reboot 'Humbug'
He says his own father-in-law stabbed him after he discovered his wife and her father -- which is his father-in-law -- lying in bed together, naked.
Copyright lawyer for litigious porn studio hit with bank fraud indictment
Man wears stormtrooper costume for Ben Nevis charity climb
Ben Carson's Lawyer Threatens CafePress Because Ben Carson Supporters Are Creating T-Shirts Supporting Carson
Vassar Students Got Married In Dorm Because They Were Bored
Refugee Kicked By Camerawoman Gets Job as Soccer Coach in Spain
Japan tourist at Taj Mahal 'dies after fall'
Japanese tourist dies while clicking a selfie at Taj Mahal
'Super-gonorrhoea' outbreak across north of England sparks national alert
Senior in wheelchair fined $543 for stunting while on highway coffee run
Donald Trump Says He'd Look At Getting Rid Of Muslims As President
California couple being sued over autistic son's effect on local property values
Sunnyvale: Neighbors sue to declare autistic boy a public nuisance
Inmates at California prison ask guards to keep quiet
Unknown Opening Band Courteously Encourages Crowd to Stick Around for Headliner
Top Rand Paul Aide Accuses Top Rubio Aide of Punching Him in the Face
East Texas woman asks Facebook friends to 'come shoot my dog'
Pet pig traps Florida woman on a trampoline
Man who let bees sting his penis and 24 other parts of body wins spoof Nobel prize
Catholic congressman says he will boycott Pope Francis over climate change stance
This man has been awarded a science prize after he let a bee sting him on his penis
Is Tupac alive? Claims emerge that police officer was paid $1.5m in rap's biggest cover-up
Fox host: Ahmed Mohamed 'did a really dumb thing' by building clock and wanting to show it to teacher
Campaigners seek to ban humanoid 'sex robots'
Mystery surrounds shrine left in Nottingham street featuring milk, sugar, photo and half a brick
The NoPhone ZERO is the best plastic rectangle on the market
Microsoft has developed its own Linux. Repeat. Microsoft has developed its own Linux
Ahmed Mohamed's Teacher: "I'm Sorry For My Actions; My Husband Left Me For A Clock Maker"
Police: Intoxicated man left daiquiri bar on horse
Tupac Shakur is STILL ALIVE, according to dying former cop
Lima murder defendant fights witness in holding cell
Photos: Japan's lawmakers have a fistfight over pacifism
Anniston policeman 'never expected' to lose job over hate group affiliation
OPP cop secretly made porn of his relative. He's still a cop
Studies on kissing, the word 'huh?' among Ig Nobel award winners
Fatal train track photoshoot claims another teen..
Woman pleads guilty in mans death after penis enlargement
Malaysian Bomoh seeks divine guidance to tackle country's haze.
Wine bar fined after woman's stomach removed following liquid nitrogen shot
Bus Driver Seen on Video Eating Burrito, With Both Hands Off the Wheel, Before Crash
Air Force Grounds Pilots for Quoting Miley Cyrus
Elite cops destroy offices in chainsaw tantrum
This Is The Second Week In A Row That An American Teacher Accidentally Shot Themselves At School
North of England 'super gonorrhoea' outbreak triggers nationwide alert
Enraged shoppers threaten to boycot Amazon.com for selling Anti Police Brutality T-shirt
Michigan Senator resigns from post over sex scandal. Only to declare he is running for the same seat in a special election.
Atlanta Hawks Trying To Become The Next Ashley Madison
Todd Courser announces he'll run for old seat
Taj Mahal tourist dies after taking selfie
Ok, which of you was it?
Saudi Arabia: Juvenile prisoner faces 'death by crucifixion' after appeal is dismissed
Niagara cop found guilty of cheese smuggling
Video: Marco Rubio Aide Punches Rand Paul Aide in the Face
Entire County Commission could be facing criminal charges following multiple court orders
World's first volunteer run, non-profit McDonalds opens in Canada
Ben Carson: Others Can't Sell Shirts, Stickers Supporting Me
Floating swimming pool sinks in Antwerp
Minnesota Vikings Stadium workers receive gift with Minnesota misspelled.
Texas Attorney General Sues Self To Stop Self From Releasing Documents He Says Can't Be Released
Punch thrown as GOP Mackinac confab begins
North Carolina Man Running For Mayor On Platform Of 'Eradicating Homosexuals' (Video)
World Chess President Says He Was Abducted By Space Aliens, Who Also Invented Chess
Israel looks to use snipers, harsher punishments to quell rock throwing
Taj Mahal: Japanese Tourist Dies While Taking Selfie
A Girl Ran 10 Kms In 2 Hours And Later Her Leg Exploded
Would YOU have a dead loved one's TATTOO put in a frame? Bizarre new service offers to remove inked skin and turn it into a memento
Billionaire JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon says there's no point in slashing CEO pay
Fact Checking Reveals G.O.P. Debate Was Four Per Cent Fact
Billionaire CEO Jamie Dimon says slashing CEO pay won't help solve income inequality after making $22.7 mil last year
Mayor candidate vows to "Arrest Homosexuals"
Fortune Telling Woman Arrested And Charged With Theft By Deception
Federal Judge: Profanely Insulting An Entire Town On A Speeding Ticket Is Protected Speech
ISU professor shoots self in foot
LAUSD cannot blame 14-year-old for own sexual assault, appellate court rules
2018 World Cup: Racism 'does not exist' in Russia
Thai temple fights drug addiction with horses and boxing
Gorilla is considered Attractive by women at zoo
Mysterious Naked Woman Rescued Three Miles Off Shore
The FBI Says Retweets Are Endorsements
Philadelphia Mayor Promises Pope a Wawa Hoagie-Any Wawa Hoagie He Wants
USSR 'worried' about women in space
Three men charged over £20,000 Cwmbran biscuit factory theft
Nearly nude man fights to keep photographing sunbathing 'gals'
Researchers find that bedtime coffee may disturb sleep (Video)
Man's GoFundMe page raises $10 for McNuggets
The Utah Supreme Court says you don't have to take a bullet for your company
Myleene Klass under fire for claiming she released giant crab on Hampstead Heath after it stowed away in her luggage when she flew back from Pacific island of Mogmog
Oscar Mayer responds to demands from absolutely no one to release bacon-themed dating app.
Uncle Killed Over Kidnapped Fighting Rooster
Myleene Klass has released a giant rat-eating crab in Hampstead Heath
Coulter on GOP Israel Talk: 'How Many F***ing Jews' Do They Think Are in the U.S.?
Las Vegas to send 4.9 million gallons of water to drought-parched Southern California
Rand Paul aide: Marco Rubio aide hit me at a bar
Actors surrounded by armed police after rehearsal mistaken for gun attack
Japanese Parliament's Debate Over Pacifism Gets Violent
Ann Coulter accuses GOP candidates of pandering to 'f-ing Jews'
Area Man to Wed St. Louis-Style Pizza
Bristol Palin Is Mad Obama Invited Ahmed Mohamed to the White House
Iran's president defends 'Death to America' chants
Iran's President Defends "Death to America" Chants: It's Not Against Americans
2018 World Cup: Racism 'does not exist' in Russia - Alexei Smertin
Fight ensues as murder suspect, trial witness mistakenly put in same cell
Department Of Justice Awards $2.4 Million Gun Safety Grant To Gun Industry
A startup shot money out of guns into the streets of San Francisco during the Salesforce conference
Golf protest by man living in a tree ends abruptly when man falls out of tree
Pooping Burglary Suspect Caught Brown-Handed
The 2015 Ig Nobel Prize Winners Include a Researcher Who Let a Bee Sting His Penis
In America's most expensive city THIS is what $350K buys you in San Francisco
Driverless car crashes with bus after woman sees a spider
University at Buffalo 'White Only' sign sparks outrage; student calls it art
Arizona City Council Adopts Christian-Only Prayer Policy
Coolidge city council meetings: Prayers planned, but Christian only
Local Fort Worth Teen Arrested With Pressure Cooker, Fertilizer In Trunk
Overweight man, mistaken for woman, ticketed for exposing breasts at beach
Two German tourists detained for Kremlin drone flight
English woman loses stomach after drinking liquid nitrogen cocktail.
RVEILLANCE VIDEO SHOWS BURRITO TO BLAME FOR NEW MEXICO BUS CRASH
SURVEILLANCE VIDEO SHOWS BURRITO TO BLAME FOR NEW MEXICO BUS CRASH
'Mikado' Production Canceled Over Racial Concerns
Court rules Atlantic City casino can regulate weight of cocktail waitresses
Snapping turtle lunges, shows speed
Huckabee Claims Black People Aren't Technically Citizens During Critique of Unjust Laws
Cops: Texas dad vandalized own truck with anti-police messages
Underage Drunk Sorority Girl Busted for Peeing on Floor of Fro Yo Shop
University Of Iowa Sorority Leader Arrested After Pissing All Over The Floor Of Frozen Yogurt Shop At 7PM
World's oldest prostitutes Louise and Martine Fokkens reveal the secret to keeping men happy in bed
The Selfie Spoon Is Now a Thing That Exists
One time a Mexican man attempted to illegally enter to the US by disguising himself as a car seat
A Leading Australian Artist Says He Didn't Know That Raping a 12-Year-Old Was Wrong
Man Arrested for Reportedly Vandalizing His Own Truck with #BlackLivesMatter Message
Gloucester police post names, salaries, and contact info of big pharma CEOs
Hungarian Mayor Threatens Migrants in Homemade Action Movie
Florida man, 91, accused of shooting at landscapers for getting grass on his car
How to Wear Timberland Boots With a Suit
Iranian crowds chanting 'death to America' don't mean it personally, says president Hassan Rouhani
Mexican bus driver crashes because he was eating his burrito
GOP Bar Fight? Rand Paul Staffer Accuses Marco Rubio Adviser Of Punching Him Before Mackinac Conference
Company hikes price 5,000% for drug that fights complication of AIDS, cancer
Tasmanian researchers investigate using electrolysed water on crops [x /australia]
Indian Escorts in Malaysia +60182924827
Three brothers were shot dead on a Louisiana driveway after an argument over music before the gunman killed himself.
Winters are the best time to visit Jaipur
Scientists Discovered Second SUN Approaching Earth At A Rapid Pace
Ulnar nerve damage led to familiar papal blessing hand gesture
India and North Korea to improve diplomatic ties
Matt Damon apologizes for 'whitesplaining'
Spider scare causes school bus crash
Eat your heart out: New Selfie Spoon can do two things at once
Doritos Releases Rainbow-Colored Chips to Celebrate LGBT Pride
Now you see it, now you don't. Invisibility cloak nears reality.
Woman jumps from moving vehicle because of a spider on her shoulder
Alabama puts stickers in biology textbooks telling students to question 'unproven' evolution (x-post from /r/education)
Someone built a gay bar on Putin's holiday island
Someone in Finland has built a gay bar on Putin's holiday island and it's glorious
Chinese men urged to donate sperm to earn money for the new iPhone 6S
Someone in Finland has built a gay bar on Putin's holiday island
Black student admits hanging 'White Only,' 'Black Only' signs near school bathrooms, water fountains
Americans Want Congress Members To Pee In Cups To Prove THEY Aren't On Drugs
Rhyl woman was 'killed by piece of toast'
Child victims partly to blame in priest sex-abuse cases, Syracuse bishop testified
Manchester club agrees shirt and stadium sponsorship deal with The Lad Bible
To beat the Indian caste system, Communist leader named his children after spaceships, celestial bodies
To beat caste system, Communist leader named his children after spaceships, celestial bodies
Crown Prince Haakon visited mosque with holey sock [Norway]
Banff Alberta Canada, Montana tries to lure tourists away from Banff, Alberta, Canada
Hungarian mayor releases bizarre action-filled anti-refugee video
Political Analyst believes chances of Courser winning again are likely
She Ran 10 Kms In 2 Hours And Later Her Leg Exploded
Amazon selling six-packs of its $50 tablet computers
This Radical Thesis On Twerking Will Change Your Whole Outlook On Life
Scientists Ask Obama To Prosecute Global Warming Skeptics
Husband booked after pothole kills wife
Sarah Palin: Ahmed Was Asking For It When He Brought His Clock To School
BYU-Idaho says male students can't sport the 'man-bun' hairstyle
All clear: Lockdown at Greendale schools prompted by man with umbrella
Bristol Palin says Obama is encouraging 'racial strife' by inviting Ahmed Mohamed to White House
Driver jumps on of a moving car after a spider lands on her shoulder. 9 year old son take the wheel and backs into a school bus.
'Confederate heros matter' banner flown over Richmond on first day of bike race
Asian child sex victims suffer more than white children, court rules
Mexican man attempts to illegally enter the US by disguising himself as a car seat
Dog With Separation Anxiety Attacks Owner to Keep Her From Leaving: Officials
Sun-Blinded Driver Hits 2 Brothers, Then Also Gets Hit by Car
Two percent of Americans believe Obama is Mormon
"We are the only country in the world that has a Second Amendment." - Donald J. Trump
Edward Snowden: we may never spot space aliens thanks to encryption
Man arrested for vandalising his own truck and filing false police report after blaming Black Lives Matter movement
Wayne Gretzky endorses Harper despite not being allowed to vote
Migrants REFUSE to claim asylum in Denmark - because they don't get enough BENEFITS
4-Year-Old Leukemia Patient 'Marries' Her Favourite Nurse
James Blake Lookalike, Also Wrongly ID'd as Suspect, Condemns NYPD 'Mess'
BYU-Idaho bans 'man bun'
Message at the California tea party: Find attractive college students to spread word
White People Scared of Golf Cart Bridge
Asked About Ferguson, Scott Walker Says Police Are Always Right
Judge Reminds Anti-Abortion Corporation It Is Not A Person, Cannot Plead The Fifth
MMA Fighter Benny Madrid Thanked His Wife and His Girlfriend After Win
Off-duty deputies stop man armed with knife at Outback Steakhouse
Microsoft has built a Linux-based operating system
Paul McCartney: Wings music is better than I thought
Family sues Terminix; son unable to walk after fumigation
Pope Francis Visit to NYC and Philadelphia Could Delay iPhone 6s Deliveries on Launch Day
Lame Dad Joke Gets Florida Man Banned From Disney World For Life
Portland jail tells female attorneys to remove detector-triggering bras before seeing clients
Mother who spent night in Wal-Mart with children sentenced to 2-5 years in prison
Chinese sperm banks seduce donors with promise of iPhone 6s
Mob of tourists at Costa Rica's Ostional Beach prevents sea turtles from nesting
Grand Theft Potato: Siberian man smashes windshield to stop Teenage Potato Thieves
Christie issues state of emergency ahead of pope's visit
Rare Photo of a Seal Riding a Humpback Whale Captured in Australia
Woman vs SUV: Parking space hogger tries blocking the vehicle with her BODY to save the spot... and she wins the stand-off
Millions of Shrimp Dumped at Eastern Township Compost Centre
City: Murder victim should have known 'risks' of public housing
Massachusetts city celebrates pity party
Austin Police Arrests Man For Eating A Hamburger in His Own Parked Car (x-post r/Austin)
Guns N' Roses in reunion talks after Slash and Axl Rose buried hatchet
Watching paint dry leads to Guinness world record in rural Indiana
Ohio Gov. John Kasich Tries to Praise Latinos, Ends Up Talking About Tipping the Hotel Maid
St Peter's original distinctive benediction sign 'was caused by nerve damage that stopped him giving Spock greeting'
Trump to CNN: 'I love the Muslims'
The State of California has spent $3.8 million to keep an undocumented immigrant on life support for 15 years because his identify cannot be determined
Judge Reminds Anti-Abortion Corporation It Is Not A Person, Cannot Plead The Fifth (X-post from r/atheism)
Viagra prank: 'The doctors were trying not to laugh'
Notorious litterbug convicted of trashing Colorado national forest earns prison term
Stockton, California Cops under Fire after a Teen 'Jaywalking' Arrest
A prosecutor in Washington has charged three teens with felonies for marijuana possession
Straw poll: Rand Paul tops among Mich. GOP activists
truck accident attorney temecula
Poll: Guy Who Asked Trump Muslim Question Leads G.O.P. Race
Did You Just Get a $500 Freelance Assignment? The City Might Bill You $30,000
I took 35 Viagra after a two-day bender
Pothole Claims Woman's Life, Hubby Booked for Negligence.
A conservative Catholic lawmaker announced he will boycott Pope Francis' historic address before Congress next Thursday.
Conservative Lawmaker Boycotting Pope's Address Over Climate-Change Views
CS GO Gifts Free Skins for Counter Strike Global Offensive
Germany is housing refugees in the grounds of the former Dachau concentration camp
Duck-shaped tomato found in garden.
Star Trek-style teleportation IS possible says theoretical physicist
Air Force Grounds Pilots for Quoting Miley Cyrus, T.I., 'Wedding Crashers'
Student disgusted to find squalid flat after arriving for first year of University
Tourist dies after 'slipping while taking a selfie' at the Taj Mahal
Qatari Royal Sheikh Claiming Diplomatic Immunity Flees US After Police Investigate LA Street Race With Smuggled Ferrari
Florida woman arrested in 'booby trapped' home with more than 3,700 blades
Teen prosecuted as adult for having naked images - of himself - on phone
Security guards chase 'Death' around world's biggest arms fair before forcibly removing him
In Java, teens who break the 9 p.m. dating curfew may have to marry
Sarah Palin Still Not Sure Ahmed Mohamed's Clock Isn't Really A Bomb
Palin slams Obama for inviting Ahmed Mohamed to White House, isn't sure if device is a clock
City lawyers claim that the murder of a woman in a public housing development was her own fault
Saudi Arabia Elected Chair of UN Human Rights Council Panel
Florida Man Shoots At Landscaper Over Grass Clippings
Two Kindergarteners Dig Their Way Out Of School To Buy A Jaguar
Ben Carson Does Not Believe a Muslim Should Be President
Is ISIS on the brink of rupture? Home-grown militants resentful of whining western jihadis
Megan Fox Replacing Zooey Deschanel on New Girl Season 5
Mom posts viral video reminding college son to call her
Plasterer who took 35 Viagra pills for a dare ends up spending a week in bed
4 tons of garbage dumped in national forest by homeless man
Arab-looking man of Syrian descent found in garage building what looks like a bomb
Saudi Arabia 'chosen to head key UN human rights panel'.
Anger after Saudi Arabia 'chosen to head key UN human rights panel'
Ben Carson: U.S. shouldn't elect a Muslim president
Ted Nugent: If Obama's a Christian I'm a 'Gay Vegetarian Pirate'
Weed is totally from space, bruh..
Native American boy pulled from class over Mohawk haircut
The Night They Drove the Price of Electricity Down
Color film was built for white people. Here's what it did to dark skin.
The Supreme Court Has Nothing to Hide, So Don't Look
Fox News Host Tells Pope Francis to Leave U.S.: He Doesn't Belong Here: Capitalism is Our Savior (x-post /r/news)
Teen prosecuted for have naked images of a minor on his phone. The minor was himself.
Fox News' Brian Kilmeade: "I'm tired of the Pope - he should stay home" because America's "the wrong country" for him
The U.S. Doesn't Have Enough Of The Vegetables We're Supposed To Eat
Fox News host tells to leave US, says he "doesn't belong here" and that "money and capitalism are our savior"
Sex may be the best way to cure fear of flying, according to new study
Japanese princess found secretly living in Leicester
Hillary Insists: 'I Am a Real Person'
Peace app creator pulls top ad blocker because its success 'doesn't feel good'
Saudis to Behead of UN Human Rights Council Panel
"I am a real person," Hillary Clinton says
Toddlers Mostly Act Like Little Jerks for No Good Reason
Ripper-style killing ruled out after bloody leg in canal turns out to be FALSE
Bradford on Avon police kept on their toes after finding rubber leg in canal
900 sign petition to keep Starbucks in Klamath Falls
More Than 10 Years With Medical Marijuana Legalized and Still No Hemp Fuel
Pantsless dude rips children's urinal off wall, floods Blue Jays' stadium
Should you use homeopathic medicine for your baby?
Sir Antony Gormley Kimmeridge Bay statue topples into sea
AT&T Unlimited Data Plans Now Limited To 22GB
Copyright Scares University Researchers From Sharing Their Findings
Fury after Saudi Arabia 'chosen to head key UN human rights panel'
Humanoid UFO Analysis and Stabilization Video
After 4 arrests, 'Tarnished Badges' Chicago cop finally fired
Is Tupac still alive? Retired police officer claims he was PAID to help rapper fake his death
UK: Man who took 35 Viagra tablets 'for laugh' had erections for days
Internet Liars Unmasked...In Ways They'll Never Forget!
Saudi's UN envoy to remain head of influential human rights panel
Right-Wingers Accuse Doritos Of Being A Gay Gateway Snack
Women seriously injured in attack with nunchucks
Biographers allege UK Prime Minister put his penis in a dead pig's mouth as a student.
David Cameron put 'private part' in dead pig's mouth, shock biography claims
British Prime Minister David Cameron Accused of Committing Sex Act on a Dead Pig's head.
Man arrested for attacking 2 relatives with nunchucks, deputies say
Biggest IPO in Denmark's History May Price Dong at $11 Billion
UK Prime Minister David Cameron rumoured to have had sexual contact with a dead pig
Book claims David Cameron took part in obscene act with dead pig
Hepsiopel.com Opel Yedek Parça ve Chevrolet Yedek Parça,Opel Yedek Parça
Spider scare causes crash with school bus in Indiana
Richard Dawkins questions Ahmed Mohamed's 'motives'
Woman jumps from moving vehicle to escape spider, hits school bus, injures son
Open letter to my first love
David Cameron "Put A Private Part Of His Anatomy" Into A Pig, Book Claims
Game of Thrones wins the Emmy Award for Best Writing for a Drama Series
Obama taps first openly gay service secretary to lead Army
Saudi Arabia to Head UN Human Rights Panel
Games of Thrones wins Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series
Arabia 'chosen to head key UN human rights panel'
Chick-fil-A Stops Anti-Gay Donations, Adopts Anti-Discrimination Policy
Woman leaps from car after spotting spider, leading to crash
Andy Samberg Gives Out A Functioning HBO NOW Login On Tonight's Emmys
Previous Photo Not of Jon Hamm
Pope Francis: Air Conditioning Is Harmful Habit of Consumption
Insane Clown Posse and fans win appeal in 'gang designation' suit.
Kingsport, Tenn. leaders hold private meeting about openness, transparency
Tourists Bombard Turtle Nesting In Costa Rica, Proving Tourists Are Terrible
New marijuana law side effect: Youth possession now a felony.
Chinese sperm bank asks men to trade their samples for an iPhone 6S
Richard Dawkins pulls a PR stunt, by accusing 14 year old Ahmed of pulling a PR student
David Cameron engaged in obscene act with pig's head when a student, book claims
Breaking Bad Fan sentenced to 8 years jail for buying ricin
Chea & Chhong busted over B'bang pot farms
Woman gets 'naked' passport photo rejected
The U.N. Wants You To Take A Selfie, Spin Around, Listen To A Llama
JPMorgan CEO is OK With Paying Higher Taxes
Pope meets Fidel Castro, warns against ideology on Cuba trip
Disturbing footage of John Lennon mocking disabled people leaves fans in shock
Tennessee Lawmaker Lady Named Butt Not Racist, Just Loves White People
Lord Ashcroft alleges that David Cameron skullfucked a pig when he attended Oxford University
New Bladeless Turbine Design Could Revolutionize Wind Power
Saudi Arabia's UN Ambassador Faisal Bin Hassan Trad Appointed To Influential Human Rights Role
Downing Street stays silent over claims David Cameron put genitals in a dead pig's mouth while at Oxford University
Jeremy Corbyn sex dwarf eaten by otters.
David Cameron Placed Private Parts In Pig's Mouth, New Biography Claims
Kazakh Muslim leader proposes sex tax
Donald Trump: 'Radical Muslims' a problem
British Politics Reels From Sex Scandal Involving David Cameron And A Pig Carcass
In Madhya Pradesh, a Road Built Over a Man Who Was Alive
In Madhya Pradesh (India), a Road Built Over a Man Who Was Alive
Fiorina's 'Pretentious,' Clinton's 'Controlled,' and Trump's a 'Big Hunk of Man': A handwriting expert analyzes the 2016 candidates.
Police: Indiana woman scared by spider jumps from moving car, leaving child behind
The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom allegedly put his private parts inside a dead pig when at University.
Neo-Nazi, radical feminist and violent jihadist-all at once
Texas woman makes Facebook plea for someone to kill her dog
Police: Spider caused mother to jump out of moving car
Woman jumps from moving car after seeing spider, causing wreck, police say
Woman driving sees spider, jumps from vehicle occupied by nine-year-old son, vehicle then crashes into school bus.
Czech protesters replace flag with underpants
In China you can buy the Apple iPhone 6s with your sperm
Man sexually attracted to playground equipment banned from anywhere with a slide
The British Prime Minister and an obscene act with a dead pigs head.
British PM put 'private part' in dead pig's mouth
Motorist who learnt to drive on a PlayStation game jailed after high speed pursuit
Man who led police on high-speed chase admits he learned to drive on his Playstation
David Cameron Accused of Sex Act with a Dead Pig
Trigger warning: Man sues wife over make-up.
David Cameron put 'private part' in dead pig's mouth while an Oxford student, book claims
Police: Robber tells Pa. pizza clerk he's having a 'bad day'
British Prime Minister David Cameron put private part inside dead pig during college initiation, book claims
He blew the whistle on the VA - and then was almost sacked for eating stale sandwiches
Homeless woman lived in man's closet for year
Crusader rifle: 'ISIS-proof' gun with Bible verses drops jaws, sparks anger
Cops: Father Thinks His Family Was Poisoned By Meth Left in Hotel Coffee Maker
Woman jumps from moving car after seeing a spider.
David Cameron 'put his private parts in a dead pig's mouth' claims explosive new book
Woman jumps from car after seeing spider, causes crash
Kids with cancer and their parents ejected from park near White House
Gun shop owner arrested for storing 21 pieces of female genitalia
350 Pound Man Pickets Food Joint Over Dispute about All-You-Can-Eat Fish Fry
Man dies after being buried in pothole in India
Tourist Dies At The Taj Mahal After Falling While Taking A Selfie
Police: Florida man reports to probation office in stolen car, with gun
Deputies: Man reported to probation office with gun, stolen car
Hostage traded for 2 cigarettes during HMP August Riot
Japanese tourist takes a selfie at Taj Mahal, dies.
The Daily Mail says David Cameron once 'inserted a private part of his anatomy' into a dead pig's mouth
David Cameron says he 'will not dignify' claims he put his genitals in the mouth of a dead pig
Japanese Tourist Dies at the Taj Mahal After Falling While Taking a Selfie
Trump Won't Prove He Was a 'Super Genius' at Wharton
David Cameron Allegedly Stuck His Naughty Bits In A Dead Pig's Mouth And Twitter Can't Handle It
U.S. Soldiers Told to Ignore Sexual Abuse of Boys by Afghan Allies
George W. Bush to Lecture Intelligence Professionals. Really?
Woman jumps from moving car after seeing spider, leaving 9 year old son in car.
Iowa school board candidate runs unopposed, still gets no votes
Secret Service apologizes for moving cancer patients
The legal situation if someone has oral sex with a dead animal
Woman jumps from moving car after seeing spider, causes wreck
NFL cheerleaders battle for minimum wage, California makes it law, N.Y. next?
Sage grouse listing decision has Congress aflutter
Carly Fiorina, Marijuana Did Not Kill Your Step-Daughter
Dems and GOP Prepare Blocking Strategy To Prevent House Reps From Touching Pope Francis
Saudi envoy to lead UN human rights panel
She must have been a redditor
Snowden Warns That Encryption Could Make It Difficult to Communicate With Aliens
I'm a pedophile, but not a monster
This Is The Exact Reason Why I Don't Trust YELP
Hacker group offering ISIS-branded lingerie to rile group
To hack an Android phone, just type in a really long password
Moscow metro opens first ever toilet
Robber tells Pa. pizza clerk he's having a 'bad day'
Ex-hedge funder buys rights to AIDS drug and raises price from $13.50 to $750 per pill
Deleting WhatsApp messages may become illegal in India
Customer with gun stops armed robbery
Ben Carson Shattering Stereotype About Brain Surgeons Being Smart
Iranians inspect military site without UN watchdog present
Drunk man falls into pit, gets buried alive by road construction workers
Man who had genitals ripped off in Huddersfield road accident now has Britain's first bionic penis
The stories of three people who killed themselves after being found 'fit to work'
Jaromir Jagr blackmailed with photo, could not care less about it
Jeb Bush goes tailgating: Selfies, Trump, selfies, economy, selfies
Hooker wants Planned Parenthood, cucumbers out of sex education
UK Conservative Party cancels pig race fundraiser due to rumour that the Prime Minister shagged a dead pig in university
A Conservative Think Tank Says Ahmed Mohamed's Homemade Clock Was 'Half a Bomb'
Boy Hurt in Crash When Indiana Mom Spots Spider and Jumps From Moving Car.
Syrian war spurs first withdrawal from doomsday Arctic seed vault
Coca-Cola Prints 'YOU RETARD' On Bottle Cap Forces Company To Apologize
Asthmatic otter learns to use an inhaler
Roger Federer´s fan wakes up from coma after 11 years and Finds Roger in a Slam final: "I thought it was a joke"
Florida man reaches inside woman and disembowels her for uttering ex's name during sex
Russia: Moscow metro opens its first ever public toilet
Rubio official's 'punch' fails to land any charge
Hillary Clinton Argues She Would Be a Political 'Outsider'
AVG Proudly Announces It Will Sell Your Browsing History to Online Advertisers
Drunken man falls into pothole, road construction workers burry him alive
350 pound man protests after being kicked out of all you can eat restaurant
World's longest lobster roll record in question
Why The President Of Ghana Said He Was Like A Dead Goat
Thomas Gets to Relive Old Childhood Habits He Never Did as a Child Himself
The inevitable "sexy Donald Trump" Halloween costume is just as terrible as you imagine
NASA working on space shotgun to blast asteroids
((..MOCHU@)) Watch New York Jets vs Colts NFL Match Live stream O.n.l.i.n.e High Defination:%%PREMIUM MEMBERSHIP
David Cameron had once placed his private parts in a dead pig.
Indiana Mom Jumps From Moving Car After Seeing Spider, Leaves 9-Year-Old Son in Back Seat
Secret Service boots cancer-stricken kids from park near White House so Obama could go to CBC dinner
Rat drags entire slice of pizza down subway stairs
Huh? When the military needs snow, it comes to Florida
GOP-On-GOP Violence Raises Chance Of Federal Shutdown To 75%
Woman sees spider on her shoulder. Jumps from the car. Car smashes into school bus, injuring her 9-year old in the car.
Colorado State mascot dies before rivalry game.
Indiana woman leaps from car after spotting spider, crashes into school bus
Pharmaceutical Company CEO Defends 5,000% Price Hike of Drug on Twitter
Woman rams school bus after seeing spider and jumping out of car
Scott Walker Finally Realizes Nobody Likes Scott Walker, Drops Out of Race
Donald Trump: No Black Presidents For A While Because Of Obama
Elderly man reportedly punched at Costco by excessive Nutella-sampling shopper
US pharmaceutical company defends 5,000% price increase
Sunrise murder suspect accused of disemboweling girlfriend | (Warning: Graphic content)
Drug Goes From $13.50 a Tablet to $750, Overnight
Woman driver scared by spider jumps from car, leaving her child behind.
Explosive minefield discovered around home in Detroit
Model Tries To Extort Jaromir Jagr Over Photo. He Doesn't Care; Starts Selfie Trend
Teen dies of alcohol poisoning after parents give him alcohol to teach him that drinking alcohol can be bad
Disturbing Video Shows Cop Threaten to "Lock Up" College Kids for Handing Out Pocket Constitutions
مشاهدة فيلم Everest 2015 مترجم عربى اون لاين وتحميل مباشر
City Avoids Paying Murder Victim's Family Because Of "Obvious Risks" Of Public Housing
More people have died from selfies than shark attacks this year
Pregnant woman has 'insatiable cravings' for washing powder
Police shooting championships held in Albuquerque
The Fast-Food Fight for Peace Day: Who's the Real Winner?
UFO Transforms over the skies of Los Angeles. Undeniable Evidence
Secret Service apologizes for kicking child cancer patients out of park
Saudi Arabia Is Chosen To Head Key Human Rights Panel
Not over an ex? Call in a breakup coach.
Isis recruits are defecting because aren't getting the luxury goods and cars they were promised, report claims
Police: Masked man in Elvis wig robbed winery tasting room
Poll Shows More Latinos Wearing Donald Trump Merchandise To Avoid Deportation
Jesus brain scan a 'miracle'
The Anti-Sorority Girl Goes Greek
Man is Unsure How He Feels For Mamacita?
Tourist Falls To His Death While Taking A Selfie At The Taj Mahal
Woman sees spider, crashes car into school bus
South African police detain Danish man found with 21 pieces of female genitalia in freezer
Oklahoma Pre-K teacher allegedly calls being left-handed 'evil' and 'sinister'
Broward Man Reaches Inside GF, Rips Out Bowels After She Calls Him by Ex's Name During Sex!
A pharma CEO just jacked up the price of a 62-year-old drug by $736 a pill, and he's responding to critics on Twitter with Eminem quotes
Doctor: Man accused of killing wife was delirious from pot
Drunken man dies in India after road built over him
Man Plummets To His Death At Taj Mahal Because He Was Taking A Selfie
Man Falls To Death At The Taj Mahal While Allegedly Taking A Selfie
Local Tory group to go ahead with 'pig race' fundraiser after David Cameron pig allegations
66% of Donald Trump supporters still think President Obama is a muslim
Man, 78, Punched in the Face by Fellow Costco Shopper in Dispute Over Nutella Samples
Much of Ithaca built on top of Indian burial grounds, Cornell prof finds
Costco shopper, 78, punched in fight over free Nutella waffle sample
Australian man left bloodied after catfish 'assault'
Earth Blamed for Cracks in Moon
Virginia woman calls 911 to report she saw 'Bigfoot with a baby'
Police: Woman jumps from car after seeing spider, causes crash
CEO who raised price of old pill more than $700 calls journalist a 'moron' for asking why
Michigan Lawmakers Propose Bill to Prevent Practicing Condom Use on Bananas
New York Islanders Plan On Commuting With Fellow Long Islanders On LIRR
Iranian-American student killed by a white supremacist gang member & convicted murder in Orange County, CA - DA refuses to charge him w/ a hate crime
Mainland university to teach students how to date in romance course
Selfies have killed more people than sharks this year
Why This 7-Year-Old Girl Just Got in Trouble For Writing Her Name in Cursive
Police resolve situation involving teen's toy gun, lightsaber
Chinese Obama speaks 'fake' English
Alibaba Manufacturer Directory - Suppliers, Manufacturers, Exporters & Importers
Catfish 'assault' renders man bloodied, embarrassed in Darwin
President Of Venezuela, Nicolas Maduro, Introduces The Official Sneaker Of Socialism
Is Venezuela about to launch the 'Air Chavez'?
Vikings cut ties with mascot over reported $1.6M contract demand
oose ventures through city of Troy, tranquilized
Moose ventures through city of Troy, tranquilized
Judge Nap: Potential Fraud Case If Ahmed Mohamed's Clock Was 'Purposeful Hoax'
Woman leaps from car after spotting spider, leaves son inside.
Rugby World Cup: Seagulls blamed for South Africa's shock defeat to Japan
Man is accused of killing his ex-girlfriend after she screamed her ex-husband's name twice during sex, police say.
Roger Federer fan wakes from 11-year-coma, is stunned he is still a major player
Onward Christian soldiers - with a specially made assault rifle
Woman, 91, Faces 260,000 Nazi Charges
Experts agree: Seattle area men are driving women to drink
Convicted fraudster appeals for cash to fund medical procedure. "I'm for real this time."(Xpost r/NewZealand)
#IStandWithAhmed: Or When Islamophobia Jumped the Shark
Police seek 'victims' after 21 clitorises found in man's freezer
Will Pope Francis Be Safe in America?
Road Repair Crew Accidently Buries a Drunken Man in India
Josef Fritzl house offered as accommodation for refugees
Buddhists in court after coming to blows over tea at weekend retreat
Trading meat for tires as bartering economy grows in Greece
I'm a pedophile, but not a monster I'm attracted to children but unwilling to act on it. Before judging me harshly, would you be willing to listen?-Todd Nickerson
Azerbaijani president receives famous actor Steven Seagal
Abdul Basit: Pakistan delays hanging of paraplegic man
AL SHABAAB TO BUILD A WALL AROUND SOMALIA TO KEEP MILITARY DRONES OUT
Iraqis on Facebook warn compatriots against coming to Finland
Meet North Korea's UK fan club: 'they have their own way of doing things'
Officer's farting helps police sniff out cannabis factory
Burkina Faso leader apologizes to nation for seizing power in a coup
Pakistan jail officials unsure how to hang paralyzed convict
Doomsday prophets: Don't buy green bananas with blood moon coming
Pregnant woman has 'crazy craving' for washing powder
Saudi Arabia appointed to chair UN Human Rights Council
Rent a Russian Historic Building for 1 Ruble - If You Repair It
Jeremy Corbyn Government Would Face 'Mutiny' If It Tried To Downgrade Military, Army General Warns
Jeremy Corbyn faces coup plot if he wins Labour leadership
Jeremy Corbyn: Labour MPs are plotting a coup against the potential leader if he is elected
Christie orders N.J. National Guard leader to meet fitness requirements
*lets talk about pewdiepie or Felix Kjellberg *
Lancaster County man sentenced for burning down his family's home to rid it of aliens and demons
Ben Carson - "I'd accept a Muslim president who rejected Islam"
Pakistan jail officials unsure how to hang paralysed convict
A New Service in Japan Rents Out Hot Men to Wipe Away Your Tears
U.S. House Votes to Make Killing Babies Born Alive During Abortion a Crime
LSU Worried Syracuse Will Run Out Of Alcohol For Tiger Fans
Woman jumps out of car after seeing spider, causing crash with 9-year-old inside
No sex please, we're robots! Buyers of hit new 'emotional robot' Pepper to sign contract vowing it won't be used for sex
'Selfie Spoon' appeals to the vanity of cereal enthusiasts
how to lose weight fast and healthy
Anti-smoking Campaign Hilariously Fails at using Memes.
Nantucket Gym Charges 120k Intitiation Fee
Selfies Have Caused More Deaths Than Sharks in 2015
Chris Christie Tells NJ National Guard Leader to Lose Weight
Your Body Is Surrounded by Clouds of Skin and Fart Bacteria
Regina bike racks draw comparisons to Nazi swastikas
Martin Shkreli, the AIDS pill guy, defends himself with Eminem lyrics.
NJ Governor Chris Christie tells National Guard Leader to slim down
470 Tons of Smuggled Cheese Seized in Moscow, Russian Police Say
Chris Christie Gives Leader Of New Jersey National Guard 90 Days To Slim Down
Drunk Man in India's Madhya Pradesh Dies After Workers Build Road Over Him
Freeland Cops Do The "Whip and Nae Nae"
'Normal Barbie'-Who Already Has Cellulite and Stretch Marks-Now Gets Her Period
Christie Tells National Guard Leader to Slim Down
Man disembowels girlfriend after she yells out her ex's name during sex
Driver Allegedly Leaps From Moving Car To Escape Spider, Causes Crash
ISIS jihadists defecting because they are not getting luxury goods and cars as promised
Puppy Shoots Florida Man In Self-Defense
Morgue Called After High Priestess Wards Off Evil With Chicken Sacrifice
IOWA MAN WHO WAS 'CHEWING ON A CONDOM' ARRESTED FOR PUNCHING A COP
This Is The World's Most Terrifying Church. There Is No Escape From The Horrors You Are About To Witness!
Transgender woman says she was delayed by TSA for anatomical 'anomaly'
Secret Service Kicks Cancer Patients From Park Because of Obama's Schedule
More people have died by taking selfies this year than by shark attacks
Mike Tuaua, Andre Petties-Wilson arrested on felony charges
Ahmed Mohamed Is Being Accused Of Not Building The Clock That Got Him In Trouble
Chris Christie tells his New Jersey National Guard leader to slim down and lose weight
ISIS defectors are angry that the luxury cars they were promised didn't appear
Police: TCU Football Players Arrested For Assault, Jacking A Case Of Keystone Light
Swerving, cat-seeker driver, 80, hits cyclist with cane after 50-year-old's rude hand gesture
Judge rules it is right that child molester who abused ethnic minority girls got longer sentence because Asian sex crime victims suffer more than whites
This. So much this. This is how CEO's like Martin Shkreli act.
Woman jumps out of car after seeing spider on shoulder leaving son inside.
Kazakh religious leader proposes sex tax
Fort Worth police: Two TCU football players arrested after involvement in fight, reported theft of beer
Mayor befuddled by invitation to see Pope Francis
British prime minister accused of putting genitals in dead pig's mouth
Road repair crew accidently buries a drunken man in Madhya Pradesh
Selfies have killed more people than sharks this year, reports show
Pakistan delays paraplegic man's execution in confusion over how to hang him
Selfies are more deadly than sharks: report
Selfies have killed more people than sharks have this year
Selfies are killing more people than sharks
Live grenades, bull chases and clifftops: people are dying to take selfies
Mum and daughter found living in airport for a year after their visa ran out
Rainbow Doritos Cause Christians To Panic
Son cleared of attack on mother as court told she bit own finger off
Pocahontas summary revised by Netflix after claims of sexism and stereotyping
Bay Village city officials say they don't know who installed 6-foot sculpture at Cahoon Park
'Ginger extremist' found guilty of terror plot to put Prince Harry on the throne
Gary council picks up baggy pants issue; considers ban
Hedge fund trader Martin Shkreli hits back at critics after raising price of HIV drug by 5,000% 'How do I sleep at night? You know, Ambien'
Carrier Dome pulls kiss cam after letter to the editor
Middle class disappearing from salary-cap NHL
Ginger terrorist Mark Colborne plotted to kill Prince Charles so Prince Harry could become redheaded king
Glastonbury Police Say Suspect Implicated Himself With Choice Of Sweatshirt
Police in Kenya raid schools to close them down after they defied a government order issued last week to close all schools in the country
Heaviest Traffic of Month Registered on Car-Free Day in Moscow
Family group One Million Moms campaign against 'perverted' Muppets.
Selfies Have Caused More Deaths This Year Than Sharks
Japanese tourist dies while taking selfie at Taj Mahal
Carson: I can support a Muslim who denounces Sharia law
College Football Players Arrested Over Keystone Light Robbery
Dominos Delivers $1,300 in cash instead of chicken wings.
In Canada, a Heated Battle Over the World's Longest Lobster Roll
Monkey should own copyright of selfies, PETA says in suit
Pope Francis Attacked By Climate Deniers Over Support For Accurate Science
You can buy this robot (if you promise not to have sex with it)
British ginger extremist convicted of terror plot to kill with cyanide
Chris Christie tells National Guard leader to slim down
Costco Customer Reportedly Punched In Face In Incident Over Sample Of Waffle With Nutella
CEO Martin Shkreli: 4,000 percent drug price hike is 'altruistic,' not greedy
Roger Federer fan wakes up from 11-year coma, stunned to see him as top player
Man coming home from birthday party learns he was shot twice
Chris Christie orders someone else to lose weight
Classic Casio is the favorite wristwatch of Terrorists
Cheese & chicken wings smuggler in court
Peta sues to give copyright for 'monkey selfies' to macaque who snapped them
Seahawks fans start a GoFundMe campaign to break up Russell Wilson and singer Ciara so that the team can perform better.
Man Sues Himself and Wins $300,000
Red-haired man guilty of plot to put Prince Harry on throne
Chinese district: Get rid of your pet dogs or we'll kill them and sell their meat
Police: Man apologized after raping Boston woman twice
'Ginger extremist' convicted in royal death plot so Prince Harry can be king
Woman sees spider, jumps from moving car
Red haired man guilty of plot to put Prince Harry on the throne
Psychologists Determine Ikea Is Actually Designed To Make Couples Fight
BURBANK MAN ARRESTED FOR PUNCHING COSTCO SHOPPER OVER NUTELLA WAFFLE SAMPLE
This Selfie Spoon Lets You Get Into Your Food Shots
CEO: 5,000-percent drug price hike "not excessive at all"
Two teens charged as adults for possessing 'child pornography' ... of themselves
Pre-kindergarten teacher allegedly calls being left-handed 'evil' and 'sinister'
MI6 spy found dead in locked bag 'probably worked undercover as woman'
Chris Christie Orders NJ National Guard Leader to Lose Weight
Man taking a selfie is gored to death by bull in front of horrified crowd
A "ginger extremist" has been convicted in a royal death plot so that Prince Harry would become king
Oklahoma man returns home after celebrating birthday to discover he'd been shot twice
Kosciusko County Sheriff's Department via AP Woman leaps from car after spotting spider, leaves son inside
PETA sues to give monkey the copyright of selfie photos
Man contracts potentially fatal lung disease by eating two bags of microwave popcorn every day for 10 years.
Guy doesn't realize he's been shot twice after birthday celebration until he gets home
Dalai Lama: A Female Dalai Lama Must Be Attractive, 'Otherwise Not Much Use'
Selfies Caused More Deaths Than Shark Attacks This Year
Deutsche Bank had a forum on women in business and called it "Men Matter"
NJ National Guard head reprimanded over weight by Governor Chris Christie
When Boris Yeltsin Went Grocery Shopping in Clear Lake
PETA Sues To Give Monkey The Copyright For 'Monkey Selfies'
Chris Christie Tells Leader of the National Guard to Lose Weight
Selfie Incidents Have Killed More People Than Shark Attacks This Year
NJ National Guard head reprimanded over weight, didn't tell Christie
Gov. Chris Christie tells National Guard leader to slim down
'Ginger extremist' convicted of terror plot backing Prince Harry as king
Let's turn Oxbridge into a comprehensive
'Ginger extremist' found guilty of UK terror plot
Selfie star Naruto the monkey deserves copyright, PETA says in lawsuit
True Story: Selfies Killed More People Than Sharks This Year
'Ginger extremist' guilty of terror plot to put Prince Harry on throne
A Bar Was Fined $155,000 for Serving a Woman a Shot of Liquid Nitrogen
Florida man reaches inside woman & disembowels her for uttering ex's name during sex
1-year-old found alone on Holly Beach; parents found jogging naked miles away
Chris Christie tosses his weight around, orders National Guard leader to slim down
Ragnar No Longer Vikings Mascot After Contract Dispute
Animal-rights lawyers sue to give macaque monkey the copyright of disputed selfie photos
Father John Misty Takes on Ryan Adams, Covers Taylor Swift's "Blank Space" in the Spirit of the Velvet Underground
Father John Misty took down the Taylor Swift covers because Lou Reed appeared to him in a dream and said "I am not your plaything."
Canadian cops RSVP to underage party on Facebook, bring Doritos
Undercover Cop Arrested for Selling Drugs to an Undercover Cop
Canadian cops use Facebook to RSVP to underage party, show up with Doritos.
Terrell Owens says Cowboys should give him another shot at age 41
Donald Trump: "unless somebody can prove something to me, I believe there's weather"
Family of ginger terrorist who plotted to put Prince Harry on throne praised for alerting police
Texas Police Captain Wrongly Arrests Mom for Saying "Dick" When Coaching Kids Sports, Department Admits Fault on FB
Why Cari Champion really left ESPN's First Take.
McDonald's Japan's straws are designed to mimic the experience of drinking breast milk
Syracuse's Stadium Pulls Kiss Cam Over Concerns It Encourages Sexual Assault
Terror Plot To Put Ginger Harry On Throne
Man Faces 11 Years in Prison If Convicted of Punching 78-Year-Old Over Nutella Samples
Woman crashes her car after leaping out of it because she found a spider on her shoulder
Car Collides With Donkeys Near Mannford
Immigrant who is in Manchester illegally demands to be deported by police - after saying he's fed up of life in the city
'Ginger Supremacist' Convicted for Plot to Make Prince Harry King
"Your pathetic excuse of a husband needs to get a real job that does not depend on fraud to succeed. ... I hope to see you and your four children homeless and will do whatever I can to assure this," Shkreli allegedly wrote.
'Ginger Supremacist' Convicted for Plot to Make Prince Harry King, become the world's first convicted ginger terrorist
Genius allegedly steals car, stops for coffee next to police station
Woman scared by spider, jumps from moving car leaving child behind
Girl, 16, charged with pouring gas on 2 school guards, trying to light it with grill lighter
Chris Christie orders Leader of New Jersey National Guard to lose weight
Costco shopper in Southern Calif. assaults 78-year-old man after getting called out for taking too many free Nutella samples
Pierce Brosnan predicts the next James Bond will be a white male
Hunter throws duck back into sky after killing it.
Man Charged with Punching 78-Year-Old Over Waffle Sample
Costco shopper arrested for punching man over Nutella samples
12 Year Old Girl Grows Penis in Dominican Republic Village
Kim Davis appears on "Good Morning America," says she's not a homophobe
Pierce Brosnan predicts next James Bond will be white and male
Plan Parenthood isn't the Problem
Study links low intelligence with right-wing beliefs
Texas Basketball Coach Jailed 2 Months Later for Using the Word 'Dick'
Father John Misty Removes Taylor Swift Cover Song After Lou Reed Scolds Him in a Dream
New 007 will be male and white, says Pierce Brosnan
1-Year-Old Found Alone On Beach - Parents Found Jogging Naked Miles Away
Local A Foul Is Called, The Whistle Blows... And, 2 Months Later, A Popular Girls' Coach Is Jailed
Dog The Bounty Hunter's stepdaughter accused of bank robbery
91-Year-Old Woman Charged in Relation to Auschwitz Deaths
Oklahoma Pre-K teacher to 4-year-old: Left-handedness 'evil, sinister'
91-Year-Old Woman Charged With 260000 Counts of Accessory to Murder
Chris Christie thinks New Jersey official is too fat, orders him to slim down
Teacher believes being left-handed is 'evil', forces boy to use right hand
Chris Christie tells New Jersey National Guard leader to lose weight.
"Happy Birthday" Ruled To Be In the Public Domain
'Kermit Doesn't Wear Pants': One Million Moms Warns Parents New 'Muppets' Isn't 'Family Friendly'
PETA sues on behalf of monkey who took selfie
'Ginger extremist' convicted of plotting to kill Prince Charles so Harry could be king
More People Have Been Killed By Selfies This Year Than Shark Attacks
Canadian conservative candidate equates abortions with Holocaust and 9-11
Humanoid UFO Analysis of Balloon and Hologram Theories +Stabalized Footage. Proof of Conspiracy to Falsley debunk real Ufo footage by the Elite with bogus balloon claims
The selfie is now deadlier than Jaws
Chris Christie orders leader of New Jersey's National Guard to lose weight
Florida man rips out girlfriend's intestines after she says ex's name during sex.
Ragnar priced himself out of job as Minnesota Vikings mascot
Oklahoma teacher says lefties are "evil" and "sinister."
Oklahoma teacher tells left-handed pre-K student that lefties are "sinister" and "evil." "For example, the devil is often portrayed as left-handed."
Saskatchewan RCMP head to 'frosh' party, bring chips, salsa
PETA Wants This Monkey to Have Rights to Its Selfies
Housesitter AirBnbs San Francisco Couple's House While They're at Burning Man
Preschooler called 'evil' and 'sinister' by teacher for writing with left-hand
Scripps College Offers Ten Pronoun Options for Students
British neo-Nazi convicted of terror plot to put Prince Harry on throne
A female Dalai Lama 'must be very attractive, otherwise not much use,' Dalai Lama says.
Cities: Skylines Player becomes Mayor of Small California Town - News Loot
Costco shopper, 78, punched in fight over taking too many Nutella waffle sample, police say
Liberal Wesleyan Students Fight to Ban the Free Press
ompetitive Eaters to Try to Reverse Cubs' 'Billy Goat Curse' by Eating Whole Goat
PETA wants court to grant copyright to ape that snapped famous selfie
Wesleyan Students Petition Against Free Speech
Competitive Eaters to Try to Reverse Cubs' 'Billy Goat Curse' by Eating Whole Goat
Saudi authorities ban VIP camps in Mina, the world's largest tent city, because they "defy the spirit of Hajj"
Daytime Emmy Winner Charged With Attempted Murder in Stabbing Over Oscars
Florida Man rips out woman's intestines
Selfie Spoon For Self-Portraits While Eating Cereals
Cabbies took off their shirts and demanded pizza at a protest over Uber at Edmonton city hall this afternoon
Jeb's New 'America' campaign ad shot overseas
Man catches wife punching him in testicles on camera
Teacher called child evil because of left-hand use
Red Faces at Jeb Campaign - His New 'America' Ad Shot Overseas
Sheboygan Man Terrorizes Woman: Threatens to Cut Out Her Eyes - Kill Her Family
Ginger extremist convicted in death plot to make Prince Harry king.
Marijuana mailed to grandma's house
Bush against 'multiculturalism,' promotes assimilation
Elderly Costco shopper punched in fight over Nutella samples
One Million Moms slam new Muppets show as "perverted"
PETA: Copyright should go to monkey who took grinning 'selfie'
30 Percent of Iowa Republicans Think Islam Should Be Illegal
CHRISTIE ORDERS NJ NATIONAL GUARD LEADER TO LOSE WEIGHT
Jaromir Jagr doesn't care who sees him in bed with 18-year-old model.
Jaromir Jagr blackmailed with scandalous model selfie, doesn't care.
Jaromir Jagr blackmailed with scandalous model selfie, doesn't care: Report
onald Trump Admits He Believes In Weather
'Ginger extremist' found guilty of plot to kill Prince Charles
Scots 'have 421 words' for snow
Textbook tells kids working women cause of unemployment
Teacher 'called left-handed boy of 4 "evil" and "Satan" in vile note sent home from school'
Selfie deaths outnumber deaths from shark attacks since 2013
Selfies are killing more people than shark attacks
Brad Pitt film scares my chickens
Shopper reaches for Nutella, ends up with bruised face
Indian man killed after careless workmen build a road over him
Man from Iran requests deportation after 10 years as he'd 'had enough of Manchester'
Fidel Lopez kills girlfriend who screamed ex-husband's name during sex, police say
If you love selfie sticks you will love An Umbrella Designed for Rain-Free Texting
If you love the selfie stick then An Umbrella Designed for Rain-Free Texting is for YOU
Strapless Sweetheart High Low Prom Dress High quality Semi Formal Dresses
Man arrested while walking with $210K of pot
Selfies kill more people than shark attacks
Animal rights group sues on behalf of monkey for ownership of its famous selfies
US Army Ranger uses GoPro to bust his abusive wife
Currys refused to repair 65-inch TV broken by a fly because it was 'act of God
PETA files a lawsuit on behalf of a macaque monkey for copyright on photos taken of it
iff: Lawyers can keep underwire bras on while entering Maine jail
Cow in Cambridge 'moos in disgust' after man urinates in front of police, officers say
Suspected smuggler held in Nigeria for swallowing $110,000.
Oregon town seeks solutions to droves of fearless deer
Sheriff: Lawyers can keep underwire bras on while entering Maine jail
Oklahoma man discovers he was shot twice after celebrating birthday: police
Mom: Boy's pre-K teacher called left-handedness 'evil,' 'unlucky'
Minnesota Vikings Mascot Leaves Team After Contract Dispute
Florida woman who was brutally violated and had her intestines ripped out by her enraged boyfriend after she screamed the name of her ex-husband during sex inserting several foreign objects into the woman's body cavities.
Florida Puppy Shoots Florida Man
Florida man shot by Florida puppy
Elderly man punched at Costco over Nutella dispute
Currys refuse to repair £800 TV broken by fly because it was an 'act of God'
Paper Lanterns Mistaken for Hate Crime at University of Delaware
President of China: China has never hacked anyone
Dog 'Bounty Hunter' Chapman's stepdaughter arrested in bank heist
Father John Misty says Lou Reed appeared to him in a dream, told him to take down Taylor Swift covers
Burbank man charged in Costco Nutella waffle sample attack on elderly man.
Petition Urges Pope To Bless Metro 'So It Actually Works'
India's goat sellers flock to internet this Eid
Man disemboweled girlfriend who said ex's name during sex (Disturbing)
PETA suit claims monkey holds copyright to famous selfie
Human-Poop Dumpers Menace Brooklyn Block
oman with 'bad teeth' hunted over theft of £140 of HONEY
Women in Japan renting men to dry tears
Police: Man disemboweled girlfriend who said ex's name during sex
'Ginger extremist' Mark Colborne guilty of plot to kill Prince Charles to make Harry king
Alabama pastor facing charges for raping 9-year-old girl on father's grave
Roger Federer Fan Wakes From 11-Year Coma, Can't Believe Feds Still Rules
Sheriff: Naked jogging couple left infant alone on beach
'My pastor was my rapist': Alabama preacher accused of sexual torture, abuse of multiple children
So Sad, So Dumb. Selfies Kill More People Than Sharks
Man Punched In The Face Over Nutella
Teen steals $15.05 of condoms, only to get fined $566
SoCal man charged with punching 78-year-old over Nutella
Emmaus robber who blamed 'evil twin' get 62 to 124 years in prison
Man Decided to Down 35 Viagra Pills-Let's Just Say It Resulted in One Hard Week...
Students' task: Write a suicide note
Police Chase with Combine Ends in Gunfire
Angry conservatives insist Pope Francis is a fake Christian
Monkey Should Get Rights to Famous Selfie, PETA Says
Ex-hedge funder who hiked AIDS pill cost by 5,500 percent says drug 'still underpriced'
School Board Candidate Who Earned No Votes Didn't Even Vote For Himself
Dalai Lama says female successor must be 'very, very attractive' otherwise she is 'not much use'
'Death to America' is nothing personal, Iranian President says
University of Delaware: Police discovered apparent nooses on campus, after racial outcry, turn out to be remnants of paper laterns
Masked man robs liquor store ...with airsoft gun
Jewel thieves get stuck in elevator during getaway
Volkswagen CEO Winterkorn resigns over the emissions scandal, but says he wasn't aware of any wrongdoing on his part
Oscar Mayer launches dating app for bacon lovers
Man accidentally buried alive by road pavers in India
Associated Press Reports That Yogi Bear Has Died
Video: Enraged White Guy Who "Settled" Downtown Brooklyn Accuses Stroller Pushers Of "White Privilege": Gothamist
US man builds 'dog train' to take rescued strays on adventures
Emmy winner jailed for allegedly stabbing roommate over Oscar jeers
Ben Carson argued evolution was 'encouraged by' Satan
AP's Yogi Berra Obituary Initially Said Yogi Bear Died
Selfies have killed more people than shark attacks in 2015
Volkswagen hires BP oil spill lawyers to defend emissions cases
Costco shopper, 78, punched in fight over taking too many Nutella waffle samples, police say
Felony Charges Filed Against Man Who Attacked Senior Over Nutella Samples
Saudi Arabia to head a UN Human Rights Council panel
David Cameron secures £45m pig semen deal
Male Daycare Worker, 31, Says He Raped 5-Year-Old Girl "On Accident" After Engaging In A Tickle Fight
Addicted to Your Phone? The NoPhone Is Here to Help
Report: More Deaths From Selfies Than Shark Attacks In 2015
Pensioner Punched Over Free Nutella Samples
U.S. State Department "Welcomes" News That Saudi Arabia Will Head U.N. Human Rights Panel
Doritos is Launching "Rainbows" Chips to Celebrate Gay Pride
Police: Drunk officer tased after trying to kiss women
Companies considering zeppelins for northern Canada communities without access to year-round road access. (x-post from /r/Canada)
Happy Birthday ruled public domain as judge throws out copyright claim
Marco Rubio's Yom Kippur fundraiser held at Nazi memorabilia collector's mansion
PETA Sues Photographer on Monkey's Behalf to Give Monkey Copyright
Chicago TV Station Wishes Jews A Happy Yom Kippur With Nazi Emblem
80-Year-Old Man's Train For Stray Dogs Is The Sweetest Ride Ever
Prevailing winds: Canada's infrastructure problem and the return of the Zeppelin
Diamond Thieves Get Stuck In Elevator
Chicago Station Uses Nazi Yellow Star For Yom Kippur Segment
Just get in the trunk bro, gotta make room for all these plants
Gov. Christie orders leader of N.J. National Guard to lose weight
One Million Moms Group Slams New Muppets Show as 'Perverted'
Local News Station Uses Holocaust Symbol for Yom Kippur Story
WGN: Sorry about that Nazi image with Yom Kippur story
Is this the toughest town in the world? The Indian village that breeds bouncers for booming New Delhi's nightclubs
RCMP stop car with marijuana plants, passenger in trunk
Texas police department driving seized Corvette Z06 named 'Coptimus Prime' with ties to cartel
Barack Obama's cousin sues Met after colleagues break wind near her desk
Company which promises to stop nuisance calls fined for cold calling
Baby left alone on Louisiana beach, parents found naked miles away
Growing Number Believe California's Drought Is A Government Conspiracy
Ald. Burke Caught Looking at Cowboy Hats on Phone During Budget Speech
Chris Christie gives New Jersey National Guard leader 90 days to lose weight or else
Ex-UN consultants jailed for bribes over drugs supplied to 'starving Africans'
Witnesses: Boater harasses swimming deer until it drowns in Minnesota lake
Quranic Verse Saves a Man From a Road Accident
More died this year trying to take selfies than from shark attacks
Selfies Twice As Deadly As 'Unprovoked' Shark Attacks
Gay People, Liberal Nun Fail to Embarrass Pope at the White House
Selfie-crazed tourists prevent sea turtles from nesting in Costa Rica
Teenager Prosecuted for Possessing Own Nude Selfie
Guy who played crappy Green Lantern feels bad for guy who played crappy Human Torch
Bee causes fuel tanker rollover in Wisconsin
Congress Wants to Fix the Government's Weather Forecasting System
Day After Employees Vote to Unionize, Target Announces Fleet of Robot Workers
Court finds Batmobile is entitled to copyright protection
Study: Selfies killed more people than sharks this year
Volkswagen 'allowed torture' under Brazil military rule
Ben Carson: Evolution 'Encouraged By' Satan, Big Bang Theory A 'Fairy Tale'
Donald Trump says he will not be appearing on any Fox shows for the 'foreseeable future'
Donald Trump is boycotting Fox News
'Family Group' Slams The 'Perverted' Nature Of 'The Muppets'
Motorist receives $40,000 settlement after police officer tickets her for having HIV
Selfies have higher death toll than shark attacks
Public School Teacher Tells Left-Handed Boy Using Left Hand Is 'Evil,' 'Sinister,' Mom Says
Naked jogging couple leaves 1-year-old alone on beach
Diehard Nuns Tailgating All Day For Pope's Visit To Catholic University
The extraordinary case of boys not growing penises until puberty
Court: Sex offenders have 1st Amendment right to photograph children
This Year More People Have Been Killed By Selfies Than Sharks
Indiana Police Searching For Bank Robbers Dressed As Rick James & Super Fly
Dalai Lama says his successor could be female... but she must be attractive
More people died from selfies than shark attacks this year, report says
Hundreds of ventriloquist figures up for auction
Selfies more deadly than sharks for show-off snappers
24 year old punches elderly man in Costco over free samples of Nutella
Poll: Nearly a third of Iowa GOP wants to criminalize Islam
Ben Carson, Republican Presidential Candidate, Believes Charles Darwin Was Possessed By A Spooky Ghost
Dalai Lama says any female successor would have to be 'attractive'
Woman leaps from car after finding spider on shoulder.
Study suggests London Underground may be 'too fast'
Tottenham gives Wayne Gretzky custom jersey, spells his name wrong
China Theme park devoted to British teddy bears
Ridley Scott will connect Prometheus to Alien, no matter how many sequels it takes
Clinton promises not to run private e-mail server if elected president
Chris Christie flaunts his weight-loss AND wins MVP!
Rand Paul's Hair is Ruining His Campaign
Eeek! Indiana woman leaps from moving car after finding a spider
Toledo man sentenced for biting off part of wife's lover's ear
Holy court order! Batmobile entitled to copyright protection, judges rule
Shoppers spot pony being led down an aisle in Lidl Stores, in New Street, Ashford
Shediac disputes P.E.I.'s new lobster roll record - New Brunswick
Couple gets $2 million cell phone bill
Selfies kill more people than sharks
Man jailed after filming 'no filming' sign in court
GSK Dumps Live Polio Virus into Belgian Rivers Used for Swimming and Fishing
Chicago station marks Yom Kippur with Nazi badge OTS
Attractiveness a job requirement for future female Dalai Lamas, says current male Dalai Lama
The Muppets beat Scream Queens in premiere ratings
BMW driver honks his horn at horse on the road, horse kicks a dent in his car
TRUMP: I'm boycotting Fox News
A Campaign to Give Belgium's Infamous Traffic Jams UNESCO World Heritage Status
Guy Who Wrote "Fuck the Fucking Cops" on Facebook Wins $35,000 From Cops
'I've had enough of Manchester!' Iranian immigrant begs police to deport him
Syracuse University pulls 'kiss cam' after complaint about forced affection
Selfies More Deadly than Sharks
Etsy Selling Pills That Will Let You Poop Glitter - Just in Time for Christmas
'Normal Barbie' helps girls learn about menstrual cycle
Dalai Lama: Lady Successor Must Be Attractive
Dalai Lama: Female successor 'must be very attractive'
Horrific video shows lice wriggling through man's hair and onto his forehead and eyebrows
Middle school boys suspended after masturbating during class while watching porn as part of a 'test to see if they were gay'
Donald Trump Rips Martin Shkreli For AIDS Drug Price Hike: "Disgusting," "A Disgrace"
Trump: Drug CEO that raised prices 4000% is 'spoiled brat'
Elderly Costco shopper punched in face over Nutella sample
NDP's Alex Johnstone 'didn't know' what Auschwitz was
Liquor store serves underage boy wearing a Burqa (Face Veil)
Defector wants to return to North Korea
NDP candidate defends death camp-related penis joke: 'I didn't know what Auschwitz was'
Dalai Lama: I Could See A Female Successor, But She 'Must Be Very Attractive'
The Dalai Lama thinks a female Dalai Lama would have to be 'very, very attractive'
Trump speaks to half-empty room of white people at black business event
Man arrested for disparaging police on Facebook settles suit for $35,000. Local authorities claimed comments were "fighting words," not protected speech.
Associated Press Confuses Yogi Berra's Death with Yogi Bear's
Mike Huckabee: Obama pretends to be a Christian
TEACHER ACCUSED OF CALLING BOY 'EVIL' BECAUSE HE IS LEFT-HANDED
Hear Mark Kozelek's New Diss Track "The Ottawa Blues Fest Is Run By Inbreds"
Charleston Animal Society dog up for adoption bites 2 toddlers during Charleston Farmers Market
Ignore Pope on Climate
HOLOCAUST STAR OF DAVID USED BY LOCAL NEWS FOR YOM KIPPUR
PETA sues photographer to give monkey copyright of selfie photos
Enraged White Man Claims He "Settled" Brooklyn for Yuppies
Florida 'Officer of the Year' arrested for child porn
Selfies have caused more deaths this year than shark attacks
Former Officer of the Year arrested in Homeland Security child porn investigation.
Pope Francis blesses DC Metro and its fare cards
Parole Board Denies Battered Woman's Clemency Plea
New 600 Puffs Dry herb E Vaporizer Disposable Electronic Cigarettes
Hillary Clinton Wants Poor Students to 'Work' for Tuition
Bike lanes are now considered graffiti on the streets that do not help property values by Coronado, CA residents
Cameras catch Obama with 'horns' next to pope
'Nooses' Found Hanging on University of Delaware Campus Were Just Lanterns
Dalai Lama supports a female successor as long as she's hot
Man charged with DUI on lawnmower
'Nooses' Found Hanging on University of Delaware Campus Were Lanterns
NDP candidate sorry for Auschwitz joke; didn't know it was a death camp
Russia reopens criminal case on 1918 Romanov royal family murders
Man allegedly punches 78-year-old in Costco fight over Nutella samples
Selfies more deadly than sharks, reports show
Nobody Wants to Direct the Next Fast & Furious
Teen suspended after saying 'bless you' to another student who sneezed
White House denies blocking 13-year-old critic on Twitter
80-year-old man builds a 'dog train' to take homeless pets on adventures
Hackers have released the phone number and address of Martin Shkreli
Dalai Lama: any woman successor 'must be pretty'
HKUST Bans game where students lift one person and bang their crotch against a pole.
Vikings plan to install NFL's first in-stadium breastfeeding suites
Ecuador's Got Talent Judges Scold 16-Year-Old Singer for Being an Atheist
Chicago news station WGN-TV apologizes for displaying Holocaust symbol during Yom Kippur broadcast
TV Network Sparks Outrage With Nazi Symbol Used For Yom Kippur Story
Roger Federer fan wakes from 11-year coma, says he was stunned to see Federer still on top of tennis
Syrian civil war: Baby born with shrapnel on forehead.
Migrants are disguising themselves as Syrians to enter Europe
Roger Federer Fan Wakes From 11-Year Coma, Learns Feds Still Rules | Rolling Stone
Toll of Syria's war: Baby born with shrapnel on forehead.
Swedish pupils 'told to pen suicide note' - The Local
s Presenter: Obama Smiles 'Like A Split Watermelon British news presenter Obama smiles like a split watermelon
Two Mercedes drivers involved in 35 minute standoff as both refuse to reverse
Matthew McConaughey's brother gets year supply of beer for naming son Miller Lyte
Meet Gisele Marie: A burqa-clad heavy metal musician
Barack Obama's cousin suing London's Metropolitan Police as farting co-workers made life hell
Two Mercedes cars involved in 35-minute stand-off as both refuse to reverse
105-year-old Japanese runner 'Golden Bolt' dashes to 100m record and challenges Usain Bolt
Student 'accused of being a terrorist' for reading book on anti-terrorism | The Guardian
This Man Was Accused of Trying to Pull Earth Out of Its Orbit
Mum of 14-year-old boy with 10-a-day smoking habit slams Kearsley Academy for confiscating his e-cigarette
Student 'accused of being a terrorist' for reading book on terrorism
Kanye West is Scared of 3D Printing
Student 'accused of being terrorist' for reading book on terrorism.
Irish Paralympian fighting to become Australian citizen held back by English language test
Indiana State Trooper rear-ends car after doing a u-turn in the middle of traffic trying to warn panhandlers for endangering traffic
Owners of first humanoid robot sign agreement not to have sex with it
Cow escapes slaughter in IIUM, student pursuit in progress
Radicalisation Awareness Kit: Government's new booklet for schools links green activism, 'alternative music' to terrorism
Chicago alderman looks at cowboy hats during budget speech
Mother complains after school confiscates her 14-year-old son's e-cigarette - because he was using the device to quit smoking
what is your body laguage tells about you?
Navy Sailors accused of breaking into bank while drunk, defecating on floor
383 Pounds of Cocaine Found in Shipment of Decorative Gourds
Petition Asks Pope Francis to Bless Metro 'So It Works'
Miss Italy says Michael Jordan is her 'favourite Italian historical figure'
Draftkings is adding League of Legends to their fantasy contests
Indiana State Trooper rear-ends car while trying to give panhandlers warning
Man feared dead along Route 33 'just taking a nap,' cops say
Draftkings is adding a new fantasy sports option: competitive video gaming
I hate Manchester; deport me, Iranian man tells police
Australian 'Bear Grylls' koala hit by car and survives
[X-post from /r/news]Student accused of being a terrorist for reading book on terrorism
Monkey who took grinning 'selfie' should own copyright, says Peta
Newsreader lands job after near-nude screen test
Meat-eaters should be treated like smokers, says the vegan shadow environment secretary Kerry McCarthy
Harvard employee accused of spending 80k of the university's money to buy legos and iPads.
'World's grumpiest woman' glues her bum to Debenhams in Croydon - while half-naked
Most Agree With Trump on America's Lost Greatness, Bloomberg Poll Finds.
Tom Brady ranks Bill Belichick above Pope Francis
Oh Canada! Four in 10 Americans Want Wall on Northern Border
Marco Rubio slated to attend fundraiser at Hitler art collector's home on Yom Kippur eve
Defector wants to return to North Korea [x-post from /r/NorthKoreaNews]
Former Harvard employee accused of spending $80,000 on university credit card to buy Lego and iPads
Meat eaters should be treated like smokers, says Labour's farming spokeswoman
Passports Educational Group Travel
Yale stabbing, suicide were the result of a threesome gone horribly wrong
41 per cent of Americans want wall along Canadian border
The lies we tell are more convincing when we need to pee
Special report: Alabama leads nation in turning pregnant women into felons
Cinema staff to patrol screenings with night-vision goggles to combat movie piracy
Glaring mistakes, downright lies and embellishments in Indian textbooks taught to thousands of students: Japan launched a nuclear attack on the US during WWII, women steal jobs and you can't trust people who eat meat.
Car and horse-drawn carriage collision injures 2 people, kills horse
DPRK Red Cross Society Demands Immediate Halt to Moves to Enact "Law on Human Rights in North"
Student accused of being a terrorist for reading book on terrorism--"A postgraduate student of counter-terrorism was falsely accused of being a terrorist after an official at Staffordshire University had spotted him reading a textbook entitled Terrorism Studies in the college library."
The Prime Minister Did What With a Pig's Head?
WATCH: Ex-hedge funder who hiked AIDS pill cost by 5,500 percent says drug 'still underpriced'
PETA Sues on Behalf of a Monkey for Rights to His Selfies
Transgender woman's penis 'shows up as anomaly' at Orlando airport
Casey Anthony Found Dead At Age 29
Handicap Advocates Say Old Handicapped Signs Are Discriminatory
An Iranian Man Disillusioned With Manchester Has Asked Police To Deport Him
Ex-Harvard Worker Charged With Stealing $80,000 From School For Legos, Other Items
Anti-Muslim 'patriot' plans to arrest U.S. senator but needs you to send him gas money first
Delaware Police Shoot and Kill Man in Wheelchair
Man angered after ordering a mild curry and getting a receipt marked 'white ppl'
Oculus Rift 'Should Include Ads' says Facebook Exec
Woman sues porn company after accidentally servicing her brother during glory hole scene.
Chicago Police Brutally Beat Police Misconduct Investigator
Vladimir Putin calls Elton John and tells him not to 'get offended' over prank call
Coronado rises up against bike lanes and 'paint stripe pollution'
No 'direct linkages' between halal certifiers and terrorism, inquiry hears
North Korean defector changes mind, wants to return to North Korea.
NDP candidate Alex Johnstone 'didn't know what Auschwitz was'
Mike Huckabee accuses Obama of pretending to be a Christian
Yale stabbing, suicide were the result of a threesome gone terribly wrong
The Dalai Lama is as sexy as a fungal nail infection
Python overtakes French as the most popular language taught in primary schools
PETA Sue's to give monkey the copyright of selfie photos.
Redskins Thank All 7 Fans for Sending Them Off to New York
Men Dressed Like Superfly & Rick James Rob Indiana Bank
Taco Bell fires employee shown with hand down pants
Experts: Getting high before hiking can be dangerous
State Fair Bans Guns; State Fair Workers Robbed at Gun Point
Man orders mild curry and finds "white ppl" written next to order
Monkey who took grinning 'selfie' should own copyright, says PETA in lawsuit
A robot named Lucy is lining up to get an iPhone 6S in Australia
Cops Brutally Beat Police Misconduct Investigator After Turning Off Dash Cam
John Boehner Cries After Seeing Pope Francis With President Obama at White House
'Normal Barbie' can now wear menstrual pads
Some Americans may soon need passports to board domestic flights
Man orders mild curry and gets receipt marked "white ppl"
Half-naked 'world's grumpiest woman' glues her bum to Debenhams in Croydon
J.J. Watt Says He's Being Triple-Teamed More than Normal This Year
Taco Bell Employee Fired After Being Caught With His Hands Down His Pants
Taco Bell worker fired after being photographed with his hand down his PANTS Taco Bell worker fired after being photographed with his hand down his pants
At the age of five, Saroo Munshi Khan fell asleep on a stationary train in India. It took him more than two decades to find his way back.
Westmount's most wanted: man who dared feed squirrels focus of elaborate stakeout
Google Ideas Invites Online Harassers to Talk About Online Harassment
PETA is suing Wikimedia on behalf of a monkey, claiming that the monkey owns the copyright to its selfie.
Indian restaurant writes 'white ppl' on customer's receipt after he orders mild curry
The Supreme Court has refused to hear the case of Lawrence Klepper, squirrel feeder.
Video Game Voice Actors Are Threatening to Strike
Is David Cameron a Pig Fucker?
Mom says she found special needs son wearing trash bag in classroom
When blacks get equal medical care, they don't just live longer - they live longer than whites
Girl writes to Cosmo complaining about being to sexy to live a normal life
Japanese service rents out handsome men to wipe away women's tears
Syrian Civil War Prompts First Withdrawal From Doomsday Seed Vault In The Arctic
Hetero Guys Everywhere Are Making Out With Each Other To Spite Kim Davis
School district bans game of tag to 'ensure physical, emotional safety of students'
Police apologise for using sirens to settle argument over whether they go 'nee-naw' or 'woo-woo'
Officials Close Multiple LA Beaches After Tampons, Needles Wash Ashore
Buyers of emotional robot must agree not to have sex with it, report says
Former Volkswagen Chief Martin Winterkorn Could Receive €60m Payoff
Maryland man fatally shot by police after imitating gun with fingers
Basketball veteran Kareem Abdul-Jabbar pens story of Sherlock Homes's brother
WGN-TV Chicago Apologizes for Nazi Symbol in Yom Kippur Segment
Man arrested after doing 5 lines of coke and having a 40-minute wank in pub beer garden
Gohmert: Confirming Gay Army Secretary Will Make Muslims Think We Approve Child Sex Abuse
Tmz wants you to get your pope is dope shirt!
Volkswagen CEO resigns amid emissions scandal, Porsche CEO to take over [Updated]
WGN marks Yom Kippur with Nazi emblem
Tank Abbott Offers Ronda Rousey $100,000 If She Can Beat Him. If She Loses, She Makes Him A Sandwich.
TV station uses Nazi symbol in story on Jewish holiday
Police: Gambling parents leave son, 7, in Rivers Casino garage for nearly 19 hours
Massive bee swarm descends on Arizona neighborhood, 4 hospitalized
Only candidate in school board race fails to receive single vote
Legislator Says Gift Ban Violates His Freedom of Speech
Tulsa Police close down federal courthouse after Muslim man runs away from car
Abortions in Canada add up to 'a 9/11 every day': Winnipeg Conservative candidate
Calgary boy told by school principal his haircut represents a 'gang or violence'
Marco Rubio will hold Yom Kippur fundraiser at GOP megadonor's home decorated with art by Hitler
Parent-Police Officer at 9 year old basketball game has coach of opposing team arrested for allegedly language after parent-police officer heckles coach all game.
News station uses a patch Jews were forced to wear in Nazi Germany for Yom Kippur story
Lane Kiffin Resigns After Sleeping With Nick Saban's Daughter?
Texas Basketball coach arrested two months after a 9yr old game, by a parent-police officer from the opposing losing team, for using the word "dick". No players on either team, nor the referee, nor any other parent heard the coach use that word.
Saskatchewan government to teach teens how to kiss
Four Dead As Bus Collides With 'Ride The Ducks' Tour Vehicle In Seattle
3rd grade Texas Basketball coach arrested two months after heated game, by a parent-police officer from the opposing losing team, for using profanity. No players on either team, nor the referee, nor any other parent heard the coach use any profanity.
Marc Rubio's Hosts Yom Kippur Fundraiser at Home of Nazi Memorabilia Collector
CIA Refuses for Fifth Time to Help Poland's Investigation of Torture Carried Out by...CIA
Mom buys coffee for two women who mocked her
Nearly naked 'grumpy old woman' glues bum to Croydon department store in bizarre protest
The Ultimate Guide to What Pope Francis Should Eat in NYC
Girl, 13, drives 800 MILES from home after stealing brother's car to visit her 12-year-old Xbox boyfriend
Harvard employee charged with stealing $80k to buy Lego, iPads
China has never hacked anyone...
Circumcision Protesters Shock WMOF Attendees in Philly
Kanye West: Ben Carson is "the most brilliant guy"
Hackers just released the home address and phone number of price-gouging pharma CEO Martin Shkreli
Four in 10 Americans want wall on Canadian border
Apple Propels an Ad-Blocking Cottage Industry. Software promises to cut clutter; some ads skirt filters-for a price
Best-selling iOS ad blocker Crystal will let companies pay to show you ads
Stinky gas: City dealt it, hundreds smelt it
Facebook goes down for 10 minutes, mass panic ensues
'Happy Birthday' Not Under Copyright Protection, Judge Rules
Bored Iowa State students try to break Guinness record by hugging for 31 hours
PETA Wants a Selfie-Snapping Monkey to be Granted Copyright to its Photo
Is Rubio Surging Too Soon?
Trump says he's the rare Republican who can woo black voters
Google Ideas Invite Online Harassers to Talk About Online Harassment
Vladimir Putin Offers Elton John Meeting on LGBT Rights
Student Suspended for Saying "Bless you"
The Small Town Banning the Underboob, but Totally Chill With Public Boners
Study Finds Students Underperform in Schools Wit
Indian restaurant writes 'white ppl' on customer's receipt after he orders mild curry. The restaurant owner claimed 'ppl' was shorthand for 'milk'
Article: Fox News Credits Leonardo DiCaprio With Painting the Mona Lisa
Quebec launches voluntary repayment program to recoup money from companies that defrauded taxpayers
Canadian candidate sorry for not knowing Auschwitz was death camp
Oregon man hit with $2 million cellphone bill
Woman tells police someone cut her hair while she slept
Mustard -- not just for hotdogs anymore, research shows
Woman Who Has The 'Perfect Bum' Tries On Jeans For A Living
Appearance of Hot Dog Man Statue Mystifies Police
Woman with the 'perfect bum' models jeans for a living as designers say her backside is ideal shape
Teen knocks down man in chicken suit, runs away
brawl erupts at publix supermarket over chicken wings
Yellen 'felt dehydrated' after long speech
Helicopter Hog Hunting Takes Off in Texas To Eliminate a Nuiscance
Florida cop once named 'Officer of the Year' arrested for child porn by Homeland Security
High school bans students from wearing non-Seattle sports apparel because of gang issues
There have been more selfie related fatalities this year then shark related ones.
If you want me to attend your wedding, don't have it during football season
Azealia Banks: 'Whiteness May Be a Mental Illness'
Harvard Student Is Upset When He Realizes He Forgot To Charge His iPhone
MTR staff 'follow, interrogate and threaten' Baptist University student with hefty fine for carrying his cello on a train
House Speaker John Boehner cries - again - during Pope Francis' visit to Congress
AI Robot Learns Words In Real Time & Tells Human Creators It Will Keep Them In A "People Zoo"
Man who told officers he was on the Space Shuttle is facing drug charges
This Kentucky State Senator Is Suing Because He Can't Get Gifts from Lobbyists
NZ First likens Red Peak flag to Nazi war symbols
Shinobi 3, Streets of Rage 2 and more Sega classic soundtracks coming to vinyl
Fed's Yellen resumes schedule after struggling to finish speech
The Pope : Stop dividing the world between good and evil
Helicopter Hog Hunting Takes Off To Eliminate A Texas Nuisance
Alternative Music is a Pathway to Terrorism, says Australian Government
This mayor wants to publicize who's on welfare and where they live
S. Korean court rules that any politician that receives bribe over $900 will be removed from office : worldnews
Downhill climbing named 'fastest growing sport in Pacific Northwest.'
Hot Dog Statue Mystery Solved
Four international students dead as bus, duck tour vehicle collide in Seattle
Florida man charged with pawning amp he stole from pawn shop
Cops Stop & Question Manhattan Woman Wearing T-Shirt With Arabic Writing
It's official: Every state in America is too fat
No direct link between halal certification and Islamic terrorism, Senate inquiry told
Dems ripped for bid to stoke 'Nazi' controversy out of Rubio fundraiser
Restaurant owner accused of shooting opossum, arrested for animal cruelty
Oregon man pushing for secession to Idaho
No direct linkages between halal food and terrorism, inquiry finds
PETA Sues Photographer for Violating Selfie-Taking Macaque's IP Rights
'Rude' and 'violent' people in Manchester drive immigrant back to Iran
Send me home to Iran, immigrant begs British police
Mother angry that school won't let her 14 year old son smoke E-cig at school.
Facebook 'unfriending' is bullying: industrial commission
Mother's anger after school confiscates e-cigarette from son, 14
Russian police investigate Apple for "propagating homosexuality" (with emojis)
'Vaginal Knitting' Artist Strikes Back At Haters In The Best Possible Way [notclickhole]
Website catalogues all Conservative misinformation, cross references it and proves Fox's bullshit wrong.
41% of Americans favour a wall on the CANADIAN border
Defector wants to return to North Korea - CNN.com
Latest App: SafeBeyond allows the dead to reach out beyond the grave to loved ones
ABC's sordid prostitution of the once-sweet Muppets
Australian Government Links "Alternative Music" To Violent Extremism
Four killed in crash of bus, Duck vehicle
UFC fighter Soa 'The Hulk' banned from visiting sick kids at the same hospital which he raised money for...
Owners of first humanoid robot sign agreement not to have sex with it [x-post /r/robotics]
Cop praised for not shooting unarmed robber
Fox News Credits Leonardo DiCaprio With Painting the Mona Lisa
Aus Government Blames Alternative Music For Terrorism
Meeting between Malaysia and Indonesia on the haze has been postponed twice, because of the haze.
Newborn baby 'catches herpes after being kissed by visitor'- mother posts on Facebook.
Trump disputes pope on climate change
Animals were tried in criminal courts in Europe during the 13th-18th centuries. Examples: Sow and piglets tried for murder of child, sow exicuted, piglets acquitted. /// Donkey tried for bestiality, witnesses attest to donkey's virtue and humans involved executed.
2 guys 1 fish?
Kim Kardashian branded 'enemy of Pope Francis' after Argentinian website misunderstands 'Pope is dope' tweet
Unfriending A Colleague Is Bullying
Who owns outer space?
Five bizarre 'lessons' in Indian textbooks
Chinese state media praises George Osborne for ignoring the country's human rights abuses
Nazi cows become too aggressive to handle
Local school district bans 'Tag' over emotional well-being of students
Cannabis 'forest' discovered in south-west London
Teen arrested for allegedly having nude photos of himself on his phone
Teenager who drank three cups of green tea a day develops hepatitis and turns YELLOW due to liver damage
Ukip conference-goers apparently stranded as taxi drivers had day off for Eid
Monkey selfie is mine, UK photographer argues
Unfriending an employee is 'bullying', Fair Work rules
Man steals lottery ticket dispenser, is arrested trying to cash in at same store
Skowhegan Indians Pride rally set for Columbus Day
'Unfriending' on Facebook can amount to bullying, Fair Work Commission says
Kansas man steals combine, sparks slow-speed chase
'World's grumpiest old woman' stages bizarre protest glued to Croydon department store window
Apple fans camping in the street for the new iPhone threatend by right-wing protestors because they were mistaken as refugees [x-post /r/de] [german article]
Police apologise for 'nee-nah or woo-woo' school siren debate
Delaware police shoot man in wheelchair; his relatives ask why
Idaho school requires cheerleaders to wear leggings with short skirts
Professional stone skipper makes it all the way across lake
37 students critical after botched fire drill in NW China
Putin has called Elton John after prank, Kremlin says
Kanye Calls Ben Carson the 'Most Brilliant Guy,' Still Plans 2020 Run
Facebook 'unfriending' can constitute workplace bullying
London zoo monkey-keeper and meerkat-keeper 'fought over llama-keeper'
Up to 1000 Experiences only at giftxoxo.com
Unfriending colleagues on facebook can be considered bullying according to workplace tribunal
Police searching for bank robber disguised as Rick James
Samsung tries to sell its phones to ... people in an Apple Store queue for an iPhone 6s
Area doctors urge seniors, children, pregnant women to stop drinking Flint water now.
Ecuador's Got Talent contestant Carolina Peña told she will never be successful without God
Neo-Nazis in Dresden (Germany) are harrassing people waiting to buy the new iPhone, because they think they are refugees.
This Small Town Has Banned Underboob, Sideboob, and Butts
State suspends license of dentist accused of using his own laughing gas
Kizi Games - Kizi Games Online - Playing Sonic RPG eps 6 game!
School District Bans Tag To Protect Students' Feelings
Speaker John Boehner retiring from Congress at the end of October
Chris Christie Tells National Guard Leader to Lose Weight
Ремонт компьютеров в Москве, вызов специалиста на дом
Free PSN Card Redeem Codes For A Limited Time
Robert Macdonald, Maine mayor, wants to publish names of welfare recipients.
Blackburn Man Does Five Lines of Cocaine, Has a Forty Minute Wank In a Beer Garden, Is Arrested
Eetti - Official Tamil Movie Trailer _ G. V. Prakash Kumar - Eetti Movie...
Blackburn man caught pleasuring himself for 40 minutes in pub beer garden after snorting five lines of cocaine
The Candidate Who Didn't Know What Auschwitz Was Alex Johnstone, an education official who is running for Canada's parliament, made a penis joke about Auschwitz and then apologized-saying she wasn't aware it was a concentration camp.
Bernie Sanders Wins Endorsement of Ghost From Hillary Clinton's Past
Former Fort Pierce, Florida police "Officer of the Year" Michael Harding arrested in child porn case - CBS News
London Zoo meerkat keeper glassed monkey keeper in the face over hunky llama keeper at Christmas party
U.N. Says Cyber Violence Is Equivalent to Physical Violence Against Women
Four Out of Ten Americans Want to Build a Wall Between the US and Canada | VICE | Canada
'I haven't taken a shower in 12 years': MIT scientist gives up on washing and claims to keep clean by spraying live bacteria on his skin
Jeb Bush Says Hope, Not 'Free Stuff,' Will Draw Black Voters
Police apologise for using sirens to settle 'woo-woo' or 'nee-nah' debate
$6 million worth of cocaine was found in some pumpkins and squash
Who, What, Why: Do bridge and chess make you fitter?
Pope Francis to release pop-rock album "Wake Up."
Mother Claims Her Daughter Was Suspended for Wearing Wrong Shade of Green
No More Jet Skis, Maine Tells Food Stamp Recipients
London Zoo meerkat handler 'glassed her monkey expert love rival colleague in the face in a row over her hunky llama keeper'
School district replacing traditional game of 'tag' because it involves touching
Pope Francis is releasing a prog-rock album called Wake Up!
John Boehner Quits After Seeing Pope Francis Claiming "My Life Is Now Complete"
Texas man arrested on felony warrant while trying out for police academy
Man Allegedly Punches 78-Year-Old Costco Shopper in the Face Over Nutella
Spider on a plane: Tarantula delays Delta flight from Baltimore
Carly Fiorina Makes a Lot of Stuff Up About Everything
Cleveland restaurant worker bashes customer with hammer
Woman Who Can't Read Finds Success In Job Shredding Confidential Documents
L.A. beaches remain closed after needles, tampons wash ashore
Congressman sips from Pope Francis's discarded glass of water
Jeb Bush says Dems lure black voters with 'free stuff'
Mississippi couple find 'strange animal' in toilet bowl
Why Ikea Causes So Much Relationship Tension?
Carly Fiorina: If at First You Don't Succeed, Try Running for President.
Sam Smith reveals he used to think Mexico was in Germany
Pope reduces your time in purgatory if you follow him on twitter
Mike Tyson: I'm Grateful to be Part of the Bitcoin Revolution
Wax Figure of Pope Francis Causes Confusion in New York City
Pre-crime units rolled out in major cities, using algos to predict people most likely to commit violent crimes.
Poll: 41% Of Americans Support A Wall Between The US And Canada
US-China agree to not conduct cybertheft of intellectual property: White House
Selfies Killed More People Than Shark Attacks Did This Year
USDA Bans Gay, Georgia
717 people dead: What caused the Hajj stampede
Trump lashes out at AP photographer who snapped empty chairs
UK Guantanamo detainee Shaker Aamer to be released
Josef Fritzl's 'House of Horror' to be offered to ASYLUM SEEKERS - because no one wants it
Tottenham present Wayne Gretzky with shirt, misspell his name
Josef Fritzl's 'House Of Horror' Offered To Asylum Seekers
This 104-Year-Old Great-Grandmother Yarn-Bombed Her Town
New Flame-Grilled "WHOPPER WINE" is Burger King's Bougiest Endeover to Date
Meerkat-keeper guilty of assaulting monkey-keeper over love triangle with llama-keeper
Kim Davis, Kentucky clerk in gay marriage dispute, switches to the Republican Party
Silver Lining? Death at the Hajj 'viewed as a blessing'
NEW FLAME-GRILLED "WHOPPER WINE" IS BURGER KING'S BOUGIEST ENDEAVOR TO DATE
Fatal car crash is blamed on a UFO after witnesses say drivers were distracted by a mysterious object in the sky just before a head-on collision in Russia
Pope Francis Is Dropping a Pop-Rock Album
Meet Susan Taffe Reed, Director of the Native American Program at Dartmouth. The new Rachel Dolezal
Pope Francis Set to Release a Rock/Pop Album.
Scottsville Police Chief suspends himself for prank
Wax figure of Francis causes confusion in NYC
Obama, Xi vow not to steal each others' secrets
Paid to poo: Combating open defecation in India
B.C. principal suspended for showing autistic student knife and telling her to 'erase your life'
Netanyahu: Israel to Become World Power, Not Just Regional Power
BBC Journalist Sarah Teale gets sexually harassed while filming report on sexual harassment
Pope Francis to Release Rock Album, Shares First Song "Wake Up! Go! Go! Forward!"
Politicians call for GMO labelling. Scientists shake their heads.
Pope Francis To Release Pop-Rock Album
Syrian Rebels and Hezbollah have a 50 on 50 fist fight over a building
'Finland's no good': Disappointed migrants turn back
Congressman swiped Pope Francis' abandoned water glass, took a sip
Boko Haram leader can't read Qur'an, nor perform Islamic prayers
Publix Brawl Started by Chicken Wings Slur Caught on Video
How to steal 4 million pounds of citrus
Barack Obama's cousin sues Met over 'FARTING POLICEMEN'
Man charged with fraud, theft of 4 million pounds of citrus
Barack Obama's British Cousin Marie Auma Is Suing Met Police For 'Harassment From Farting Policemen'
Pope Francis Is Releasing A Rock Album
Unfriending someone on Facebook is now workplace bullying
Man Accidentally Picks Up Prostitute, Then Goes To Police Station For Help
Samsung tries to sell Galaxy phones at iPhone 6s queue
Police: Man dressed as Rick James robbing banks
British woman, a distant relative of Obama, suing ex-employer over co-workers who harassed her with farts
Man Can't Shake Alleged Prostitute, Goes to Police Station for Help
Sci-fi author's robotic clone plans to keep humans in a 'people zoo'
Report Recommends Approving Bigger SeaWorld Orca Tanks
Mike Huckabee Takes on Rainbow-Colored Doritos
Man Jailed for Traffic Ticket Dies in Cell After 17 Days of Torture. Officers Watched It Happen.
Snoop Dogg concert, free pot offered as voting incentives
Kim Davis Decides She's Actually A Republican
Holy water: U.S. Rep. Brady helps himself to pope's glass
Kim Davis is now a registered Republican
Florida woman 'saves' land-dwelling tortoise by throwing it into a lake
Stationary Bikes Get Brazilian Prisoners Closer to Freedom
41% of Americans would support a wall on the Canadian border
Congressman grabs drinking glass used by pope, takes sip
Extremely Boston Man Can't Comprehend A Sunfish
Ted Cruz calls on Vatican to fire Pope Francis
British Spies Named Mass Online Surveillance Program After Radiohead's "Karma Police"
British Spies Named Massive Online Surveillance Program After Radiohead's "Karma Police"
Pensioner unwittingly grows cannabis plant from bird seeds
Facebook 'unfriending' can constitute workplace bullying, Australian tribunal finds
Man accused of storing female genitalia in freezer blames his wife
Clerk Kim Davis switching parties to become a Republican
Kanye West Raps to Ben Carson on Phone During 30 Minute Conversation
Pope Francis to release prog-rock album 'Wake Up!' ahead of Christmas charts
Giant wooden megaphones to amplify forest sounds
High school teen who defended a blind classmate who was being beaten by a bully is SUSPENDED and kicked off football team
Osborne praised for 'not stressing human rights' in China
New barbie helps explain the menstrual cycle
The congressman who stole the pope's water glass and drank from it
The UN Wants To Censor The Internet to Save The Feelings of Feminists
Girl Suspended From School For Wearing Wrong Shade Of Green
Facebook unfriending constitutes 'bullying', says workplace tribunal
Fox News Tells Audience Leonardo DiCaprio Painted the "Mona Lisa": They Believed It
Does This Child Need Marijuana?
Man breaks into Taco Restaurant... Makes Tacos
Man Takes $900 Worth Of Drills From Sears, Leaves Making Chicken Noises
We Lost Our Daughter to a Mass Shooter and Now Owe $203,000 to His Ammo Dealer
Find your bacon soulmate with Sizzl, the Oscar Mayer dating app
Cops Looking For Suspects Who Dressed As Rick James, 'Super Fly' Character To Rob Indiana Bank
Poo transplant 'saved my life' says Christchurch woman
Wife found out husband married another woman at church
Man dressed as Rick James robs Indiana bank
Police in Russia's Kirov region investigate Apple over LGBT emojis
Is Hillary Clinton getting taller? Or is the Internet getting dumber?
Man Making Chicken Noises Steals Drills From NH Sears
Mosley fourth in Miracle Strip golf
Teenage girl develops hepatitis after drinking too much green tea
Blood Moon Seen as Sign of Times by Mormons
Rick James lookalike and 'Super Fly' accomplice hunted by police following bank robberies
Man Buns Are Causing Dudes To Go Bald So Enjoy Them While You Can
Cyclist charged with throwing keys of driver who hit him down drain
Holy water: Congressman steals Pope Francis' glass after White House address to sip remaining liquid with his wife - and then saves some to sprinkle on his grandchildren
Tag allowed again on Mercer Island school playgrounds
Congressman Drinks From Pope Francis's Water Glass
A Modest Proposal: Donald Trump For Speaker
Congressman grabs pope's water glass after speech, shares with family
Bill Gates Foundation Trust Sues Brazil Oil Company Petrobras Over Stock Losses
Bill Gates foundation trust sues Brazil's Petrobras over share losses
Washington Redskins report 7.8 Billion people follow news coverage of their 2014 training camp
Hillbilly festival accused of trademark infringement
Buyers of robot that simulates emotions must agree not to have sex with it
Jeb Bush: The Pope Shouldn't Discuss Climate Change Because 'He's Not A Scientist'
Shocking video shows NY man throwing food on homeless vet
"Delaware police shoot man in wheelchair" *with self-inflicted gun shot wound*
Only Batman can drive the Batmobile, judge upholds copyright
Pope Francis Is Releasing a Prog Rock Album
Delaware Officers Kill Jeremy McDole in His Wheelchair
News Anchor Says Leonardo DiCaprio Painted Mona Lisa, Is So Close to Being Right
Armed men dressed as Super Fly and Rick James rob bank
Dudes dressed as dames busted scamming woman in Walmart parking lot
Pope Francis to release a rock album in November
Cary woman changes her name to Oprah Winfrey
Weather Channel Ends Its Rumspringa, Decides It Wants to Focus on Weather After All
Alleged Australian penis-measuring exec charged in blood diamond scam
The Pope Rocks: Pontiff to Release Pop Album
This is NeoKylin OS: China's new Windows XP clone
With 'no hymen, no diamond' mantra, men's rights activists hunt for the perfect virgin
GOP Candidate Kay Daly of North Carolina released this advertisement about her opponent, Renee Ellmers.
Man arrested in SAfrica over genitalia
Selfies now kill more per year than sharks
Tag ban lifted on Mercer Island; school playgrounds return to normal
Kentucky clerk Kim Davis to join Republican Party
Police apologize for using sirens to settle 'nee-nah vs. woo-woo' debate
Spooked man starts gas station blaze trying to kill spider with lighter
Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis Switching to the Republican Party
Hindu Way Of Urinating Is The Best, Sanatan Sanstha Says
Unfriending is workplace 'bullying': Fair Work Commission
Rapist and attempted murderer accidentally released from jail
Sioux Falls Man Shoots Himself In "Winky"
Congressman Steals Glass of Water That Pope Francis Drank Out Of
Congressman Steals Pope's Water Glass To Drink From It
Ahmed Mohamed | Inspiring Inventors
'Blood Moon' seen as sign of end times by some Mormons
BYU-Idaho bans 'Man Buns' on Campus
Objecting to Bike Lanes as 'Paint Stripe Pollution'-Residents of Coronado, California, marched out a series of absurd anti-bike arguments that somehow won the day.
Islamic State fighter misses British food in Syria
Experience: I mine for 100-year-old jeans
Body found in burning car investigated as suspicious death, police say
Teen Girl Turns Yellow After Drinking Three Cups Of Green Tea A Day For Months
Hundreds sign petition to bring back teacher who used the N-word in class
Enormous Time Capsule Opened, Sucks
Unfriending on Facebook is workplace 'bullying', according to the Fair Work Commission
Clark Co. man accused of sex with donkey; says his "privates out of control"
SoftBank warns against sex with its android Pepper
Artwork showing Sylvanian Families terrorised by Isis banned from free speech exhibition
Neuroscientist calculates feel-good Top 10 playlist
Teenage girl turns yellow after drinking three cups of green tea a day.
'Ginger Extremist' Plotted To Kill Prince Charles, William So Harry Could Assume Throne
Holy Shit! The Pope Played a Secret Show at Saint Vitus Last Night
Man starts gas station blaze trying to kill spider with lighter
Harvard employee busted after stealing $80,000 to buy Legos, iPads
CNN Thinks Viewers Are Ready to Experience Presidential Debate Magic in Virtual Reality
BBC's Sarah Teale harassed during report about harassment
™FrEe@~tV@™@Connecticut vs Navy Live online tvpc
Couple robbed bank and posted loot pictures on Facebook.
Petition asks Pope Francis to bless Metro while in D.C.
Coimbatore Boy Wrote Exams Blindfolded For A Social Cause
UN Wants To Censor Internet To Save Feminists' Feelings
New U.K. Shadow Farming Minister: Treat Meat-Eating Like Smoking
Inmate wanted $10m damages for letting him escape
Hajj stampede beyond human control, 'destiny is inevitable', says top Saudi cleric
Pope Francis to release a rock album
Ted Cruz Calls For The Vatican To Fire Pope Francis
Apple investigated by Russia for 'homosexual propaganda' over its emojis featuring same-sex couples
Rubio's Campaign Says Flying Frontier is a 'Special Kind of Hell'
Poles furious after Russia blames them for starting WWII
Objecting to Bike Lanes as 'Paint Stripe Pollution'
Trash truck burns; trash saved
Hillary Clinton says she hasn't seen Lenny Kravitz penisgate video but will 'look for that'
Poland furious after Russia blames them for starting WWII
Cops: Couple Robs Bank, Posts Photos of Loot on Facebook
According to a survey, 25 percent of Americans said that if they could safely implant chip in their brain to get access to the Internet they would do so
Horny man masturbates in pub for 40 minutes after snorting coke
Alleged penis-measuring exec charged in blood diamond scam
Man Asks Police For Help After Accidentally Picking Up Prostitute
BBC journalist is sexually harassed during report on sexual harassment
A BBC reporter was harassed in the street while filming a report about street harassment.
Jane Goodall Thinks Cecil the Lion's Killer Has a 'Very Small Penis'
Florida Woman Tried to Have Man Killed for Giving Grandkids Lice: Cops
Cruz on Ayatollah: 'We may have to help introduce him to the 72 Virgins'
Man arrested for sexually assaulting a donkey
Customer gets receipt marked 'WHITE PPL' after ordering mild curry
North Korea defector: Send me back!
Spiders Whose Bite Can Cause Four Hour Erections Found in Tesco Bananas
Selfie Deaths Have Outnumbered Shark Attack Deaths in 2015
Meet John German: the man who helped expose Volkswagen's emissions scandal
Mount Royal University students get the nap room of their dreams
Reporter gets sexually harassed while filming a report about sexual harassment
Men gets fake FBI child porn alert, arrested for child porn.
Painting By Hitler Has No Bids At Auction
Pope Francis to Release Rock Album 'Wake Up!'
Perfume company that bottles up a deceased loved one's unique scent will launch next month
Awesome Cops Use Sirens To Settle Kids' 'Woo-Woo' Versus 'Nee-Nah' Debate
Mormon Leaders Reassure Faithful: Sunday's "Blood Moon" Isn't Sign of Apocalypse
Bestselling Ad-Blocking App Will Soon Show Ads
Pope Francis turns Catholicism up to 11 with prog-rock album
Prince Harry apologises for Nazi costume
How to Accept Compliments on Your Cooking - How to Be a Grownup
Forget the Ice Bucket Challenge, Mexico's New Trend Involves Snorting Coke
Saudi Arabia plans to crucify protester as it ascends to UN Human Rights Council chair
Man Charged With Theft of 4 Million Pounds of Citrus
Florida man snatches 4 million pounds of citrus without paying, officials say
Russian Ambassador Blames Poland for WWII, Sparking Outrage
Caroline Stanbury Says She's Friends With Juliet After Humping Her Husband
Quentin Tarantino Refuses To Use Netflix, Still Records Movies on VHS Tapes
Incredible footage appears to show a merman being pulled from a lake
Pontifical saliva goes a long way: Congressman steals Pope's water glass, shares its contents with family and staff
Refugee Crisis in Syria Raises Fears in South Carolina
The Pill Whose Price Went Up 5000%? It Costs 5 Cents in India
Florida Woman Arrested On Suspicion Of Riding A Sea Turtle
The congressman and the possibly Holy Grail
Thirsty-Ass Congressman Steals Pope's Glass of Water, Drinks From It
U.S. congressman grabs pope's glass, sips water with wife
Encryption might be the reason we've never heard from aliens, says Snowden
Carly Fiorina greeted by a woman dressed as birth control pills at Iowa tailgate
Congressman Swipes Pope's Water Glass
Robot waits in line, gets new iPhone in Palo Alto
Florida Cops Arrest Woman, 20, Wanted on Warrant for Riding Sea Turtle
Drunk Sailors Break into Bank, Pass Out, Leave Feces
White man trying to buy gun shoots self in penis - blames it on a black guy
Man robs Indianapolis bank dressed as Rick James. 'Gimme the money BITCH!'
Mormon church issues call for calm as 'blood moon' sparks apocalypse fears
Man dressed as Rick James robs Indianapolis bank. 'Gimme the money BITCH!'
Pope Francis Releasing Album
Men want more free online porn: Study
Police: Man dressed as Rick James robbing banks. Second robber dressed as 'Super Fly' character, cops say
Florida Woman Arrested for Riding Sea Turtle
Puppy shoots Florida man with a gun in self-defense
Scientists To Pope Francis: Condoms Will Save The Planet
Does water's boiling point change with altitude? Americans aren't sure
Pentagon Requests 500 Gold-Plated F-35s
PETA launches legal action on behalf of Naruto the monkey who took a selfie with photographer's camera
Shaq DJs at Tomorrowworld
Huckabee and Christian Right wage war on pro gay doritos
Bald Knob man drops pants at Walmart
Australia bans Chris Brown: report
Guard caught making out with male inmate in upstate N.Y. jail
Rep. Bob Brady, family, staff, drink from Pope Francis' water glass
Driver tries to scare off spider using lighter, sets gas station on fire
Chris Brown banned from Australia
Planned Parenthood Protesters Throw Condoms at Carly Fiorina Supporters
Girl Accuses Savior of Rape
Congressman Wets Whistle With Pope's Drinking Glass
Forget 'developing' poor countries, it's time to 'de-develop' rich countries
BBC reporter gets harassed right in the middle of a report on street harassment
Referee ejected from game for punching coach
Congressman Steals Pope Francis' Water, Brags About It
Zeeland Flood Museum Flooded
McLaughlin schools dropping 'midget' mascot
Delta Beta Om: Buddha Comes To San Diego's Greek System
High Pitch Eric starring in Blue Bloods (around 25 seconds in)
Man starts massive fire at gas station while trying to kill spider
General Butt Naked, One of Libya's Most Feared Warlord, Seeks Forgiveness and Becomes a Pastor
Third Eye Blind Frontman Teaches Marco Rubio Climate Science
Police catch bank robber after he posts a gloat photo on Facebook (cross post from /r/pics)
Unfriending a Facebook 'friend' could constitute bullying, Australian tribunal finds
Trump wants US to start winning again
The shocking moment four cops shoot dead 'armed' man in a wheelchair is caught on video - but his distraught family call the killing 'unjust'
Without Skull, Experts Can't Say If Bones Belong To Mona Lisa Model
Bloodhound 'Supersonic Car' aiming for 1,000 mph speed
Missing 24-year-old found alive and well 30 years after man confessed to her murder
Police warning to 'uncool' Taylor Swift fans near Plymouth
Mets celebrate good times
Kentucky clerk Kim Davis no longer a Democrat
Australian Workplace Tribunal Rules Facebook Unfriending Constitutes "Bullying"
Man dies in Peaceful Village shooting in Chesapeake
Man caught urinating on Brooklyn street shoots himself in the groin while trying to ditch gun: police
Burkina Faso Government Asks Public Not to Attack Elite Unit
Drunk Man Falls in Pit, Workers Construct Road Over Him
Man shoots self in penis, lies to police: affidavit
DeKalb EMA: Please don't eat cheese from overturned truck on Highway 11
Student commutes 1,000 miles from POLAND to London because it SAVES him money
Lucifer possessed me from Facebook and Taught Me Masturbation
Toronto Blue Jays clinch playoff spot, celebration comes a day late
Saturday September 26, 2015 Rob and Doug Ford are hosting a stag, and you're invited
Rob and Doug Ford are hosting a stag, and you're invited
'Blood Moon' Brings Prophecies of End Times - NASA Says Not to Worry
World War II: Russia accuses Poland of starting the global conflict
Facebook 'unfriending' is workplace bullying, Australia tribunal finds
Rams-Steelers game delayed in St. Louis after field is lit on fire
Ikemenso Danshi: Hot men visit Tokyo offices to help girls cry.
This Is Actually Happening: Pope Francis Is Releasing a Rock Album
Which Girl Was Suspended For Wearing Wrong Shade Of Green?
Watch Rand Paul prove he's ready for the apocalypse by shooting a zombie clown
Accused serial bagel store burglar faces half a dozen charges, Delaware police say.
Hipster-hating mob of 200 attacks trendy cafe that sells £4.50 bowls of cereal while staff and customers are trapped inside as East London 'anti-gentrification' protests turn violent
British kids working "too hard" in order to keep up with Polish chums
'The Strain' Season 2 Episode 12 'Fallen Light' Spoilers: Gus Meets An Uncanny Ally
news stations uses Nazi symbol for Yom Kippur story
Mark Wahlberg asks Pope Francis to forgive him for Ted
Israeli Mothers-to-Be Crave IDF Warrior-Sperm from Soldiers Killed in Gaza
Mark Wahlberg Drops a 'Go Eagles' During Speech in Front of Pope Francis
Diaper donation event begins with 'downpour' in Midland
Man Hears Barking Beneath Sidewalk, Finds Dog Buried Alive
SUV WITH STOLEN TIRES TICKETED FOR STREET CLEANING IN LINCOLN PARK
Police: Clark Co. man had sex with donkey
Selfie sticks blamed for death caused by lightning
USA Today NEWS SPORTS LIFE MONEY TECH TRAVEL OPINION 74° WEATHER CROSSWORDS MORE SEARCH USER Close BREAKING NEWS Pope Francis holds Mass at World Meeting of Families Live Video 835 83 1 92 Police: Body stolen from casket at Texas funeral home
Cops Pull Gun on Couple Driving to the Hospital to Give Birth
Woman arrested for riding sea turtles.
GOP opponents of nuclear deal couldn't find Iran on a map, says Rouhani
Reporter Gets Sexually Harassed During Live Report on Sexual Harassment
'Modern Victorians' embrace iceboxes, corsets
China may be using sea to hide submarines
Shoreditch Cereal Killer Cafe targeted by anti-gentrification protesters
Road built over unconscious man
Japan robot owners warned off droid sex
Passenger who tried to open plane door at 30,000ft 'thought it was a toilet'
Man sees spider and kills it with fire. At a gas station.
'Blood moon' prompts Mormon announcement: This is NOT the end of the world
TV news uses Nazi "yellow star" as graphic for Yom Kippur story
One legged assassin tries to shoot up shop on crutches, foiled after his gun jams
Man sets fire to gas pump trying to kill spider
Men want more free online porn!
Guy calls deaf service 4,000 times - to masturbate
Lammily doll reaches puberty with new 'Period Party' kit
SoftBank warns droid owners not to try sex with them
School using 'marijuana goggles' to fight teen drug problem
Cops say Facebook photos led to couple's arrest in Ohio bank robbery
Rams burn own field with fireworks, delaying start of Steelers game
Hancock Co. using 'marijuana goggles' to fight teen drug problem
Japan's SoftBank Warns Buyers not to Engage in Sex with their Robots
This realistic doll teaches children about the glory of menstruation
Texas 'good guy with a gun' shoots carjacking victim in head - then runs away
Bundle of marijuana worth $10,000 falls from the sky and crushes doghouse
Frances Bean Cobain Married Her Kurt Cobain-Lookalike Boyfriend - and Didn't Tell Mom Courtney Love
Controversial CEO Martin Shkreli offered ex-girlfriend $10,000 to let him go down on her.
Jedi not religious enough for a tax break in New Zealand, says Department of Internal Affairs
Rare supermoon eclipse should bring wonder, not apocalypse
Obama Performs Rite of Super Blood Moon To Hand Satan Control of the World
No way, cliche: This camera won't work in tourist traps
Pope Francis tells family that drove 13,000 miles to see him: 'You are crazy'
Zimmerman brags about killing Trayvon Martin: 'We all know how it ended for the last moron that hit me'
Easypreneur - Making Digital Entrepreneurship Easy
Vin Diesel Confirms One Final "Fast and Furious" Trilogy
Chinese kid doodles on dads passport, Dad is now stuck in North Korea.
Boy doodles on his father's Passport, The man is now stranded in North Korea
Iran: Republicans couldn't find us on a map
Virgins are giving birth through IVF and saving sex for a 'special relationship,' fertility doctors say
One Student Commutes From POLAND All The Way To His London University To Save Cash
Irishman puts car ahead of romance on dating show
German government can now legally take away your kids if you post anti-refugee remarks on facebook
Cop Caught on Video Telling Black Teen 'If You Fuck with Me, I'm Going to Break Your Legs'
Stage collapses around Carly Fiorina
Cops Arrest Student for Lines of Powdered Sugar
Mexican judge gives 520-year sentences for bar killings
University student union bans free Tex-Mex sombreros for being 'racist'
Sombreros banned from Freshers' Fair. Apparently they're cultural appropriation
Monsantos Cancer Causing Herbicide Doesnt Even Work, Actually Makes Weeds Stronger: Report
PETA suit claims a monkey holds copyright to selfie - CNN.com
Unfriending Facebook friends can be considered bullying in Australia
The British Punk Rocker Widow Who Wants to Run ISIS's Hackers
Marijuana bundle drops from sky, slams into family's carport
Baseball player smashes good luck charm, says "It didn't work."
Man mistakes plane exit for toilet door, tries to open it at 30,000ft
A man set his car on fire at a Michigan gas station while trying to kill a spider
iPhone 6s First Impressions: The iPhone for Pros
No sex, please, they're robots, says Japanese android firm
Man Who Ejaculated On Woman On Train Sent To Jail
LA residents are outraged over Whole Foods' new grocery store
One man injured after carjacking, shooting at gas station
Cop says unarmed and naked teenager made him "feel threatened," shot teen to death
Ted Cruz Had A Great Weekend. Now It's Over.
Unfriending someone from your Facebook friend-list can be considered as bullying in Australia
Student commutes from Poland to London to save money
Man Arrested and Jailed After Allegedly Mistaking Plane Door for the Bathroom
Pope Francis Asks Americans To 'Pray For Me'
Cereal cafe attacked by anti-gentrification protesters
PM Modi Drags Away Mark Zuckerberg To Pose For A Photograph
Needing to urinate makes people better liars, study finds
World Leaders served trash at UN lunch
Why world leaders were served with a platter of trash at UN
Bad kidney function linked to week-long instant noodle binge
Girlfriend publicly strips her clothes after her boyfriend refused to buy her an iPhone 6s
DARPA is implanting chips in soldiers' brains
Woman, 99, denied citizenship despite living in Canada since 1933
New York Police Roll Out Stop-And-Frisk 'Receipts'
Police: Man set his car ablaze to keep it from being towed
Living In London Is So Expensive That Someone Is Commuting From Poland
Student commutes to school in London from Poland because it saves him money
Teen who had 'legal highs' seized by police fails in court bid to have pills returned
Student commutes to University of London from Poland to save money on accommodation rent
Lobbyists Mourn House Speaker John Boehner's Departure
Police called to McDonald's over pickles fight
Nasa scientists find evidence of flowing water on Mars
British Women Pay $10k Each to have 'Virgin Births' and save sex for later...
Man who threatened co-workers with guns avoids charges by deleting Facebook post
Dog rescued after driving truck into Branch Lake
Kwrry yawns during Obama's UN speech
Pope Francis To Release Prog-Inspired Album | Wake Up
Advent of the virgin births: Women who have never been in a relationship paying £5,000 to get pregnant
Bank robber arrested after posing with wads of cash on Facebook
Nike Runner Missed World Record Because His Shoes Disintegrated
Police: Bank robber arrested after posing with wads of cash on Facebook
Justin Bieber: "I Just Wanna Honestly Live Like Jesus"
911 caller: Monkey's eating mail out of neighbor's mailbox
British Gas apologises after 'giving rape victim's address to attacker'
Reporter gets sexually harassed on street during live report on sexual harassment on the streets.
Man calls cops to unlock car, gets arrested for pot
Drunk Madison man believed he had been assaulted by a hippopotamus
Saudi airstrikes hit wedding party in Yemen
Man tries to open jet door mistaking it for loo
David Gilmour beats off Lana Del Ray
Muslim Man Gives Mecca 2 Stars On Trip Advisor
Frightened man lights spider on fire - at gas station
6 CASES IN INDIA WHERE PARENTS ALLEGEDLY MURDERED THEIR KIDS
London Cereal Cafe Damaged by Anti-Gentrification Protests Was Unfairly Targeted, Owner Says
George Zimmerman retweets photo of Trayvon Martin's body
Kalkaska man wrongly imprisoned for murder & rape sues
Ottawa valedictorian, cheerleader-turned teen pimp arrested in crack bust
Professional Imbecile George Zimmerman Retweets Graphic Photo of Trayvon Martin's Dead Body
Toronto Restaurant Owner is Selling her Gastropub for $150
FOX ORDERS PITBULL-PRODUCED MIAMI DRAMA 305
Man tries to open jet door at 30,000 ft, mistakes it for loo!
George Zimmerman retweets image of slain Trayvon Martin
Perpetual lunatic George Zimmerman retweeted an image over the weekend showing the corpse of Trayvon Martin, the black teenager he shot and killed without consequence three years ago.
George Zimmerman Tweets Photo Of Trayvon Martin's Body
Taiwan fans reportedly snitch on Bon Jovi to Chinese censors to get an extra gig in Taipei
Bank robbing couple captured after posting pics of them with the cash on facebook
George Zimmerman retweets picture of Trayvon Martin's corpse posted by admirer calling him a 'one man army'
Couple arrested for bank robbery after posting photos on Facebook
Carly Fiorina stubbornly pretends fiction is fact
George Zimmerman Retweets a Photo of Trayvon Martin's Dead Body
Woman Seeks To Add 97 Words To Name
Gas station fire started by man trying to kill spider
Mom calls 911 for priest to remove demons from 4-year-old son
23-Pound Package of Marijuana Falls From Plane Through Family's Roof, Crushes Doghouse
H&M Is Suing Forever 21 For Copyright Infringement Of A Questionable Tote Bag
$10,000 of marijuana falls from the sky onto family's doghouse
2500 Copies of Religious Satire Book Destroyed Out Of Fear
Jedi denied charitable status
Bulgaria May Lose Air Force Over Voided Factory Warranty
Donald Trump's campaign bus is for sale on Craigslist
Accused serial bagel store burglar faces half a dozen charges
Donald Trump's wild claim: unemployment is 42%
White man accidentally shoots self in penis and blames it on 'a black guy'
Loose emu recognizes owner, returns home in back of a Prius
Nepal government plans to ban disabled, elderly from climbing Everest; accused of 'discrimination'
New U.S. Army patch for fight against the Islamic State closely resembles Muslim Brotherhood logo
Frances Bean Cobain Gets Married, Courtney Love Not Invited to Ceremony
Ex-Con Shoots Self In Groin, Tells Cops A Black Man Did It
Goat refuses to leave Sask. Tim Hortons, gets 'arrested' by RCMP
Journalist Reporting On Sexual Harassment Gets Sexually Harassed On Camera
Congressman owes $3.94 for swiping Pope Francis' water glass
Limbaugh: What If NASA Made Up Water on Mars to Help Push Liberal Agenda?
Man mistakes plane exit for toilet door, tries to open it at 30,000 feet
MMA Fighter Says She Can't Fight at Desired Weight Due to Size of Her Breasts
Pope Francis Meets BABY POPE on Papal Parade in Philadelphia! - YouTube
BBC Reporter Cat-Called During Report About Street Harassment
Meet the Nepalese-American death metal guitarist who just found water on Mars
Rush Limbaugh pans evidence of water on Mars as part of 'leftist agenda'
Thai police close Bangkok bomb blast case, get cash reward
Pope Francis Couldn't Stop Laughing as He Blessed a Baby Dressed in a Little Pope Outfit
Carlsbad Police: McDonalds customer unhappy about pickles
A South Dakota Man Shot Himself in the Penis and Blamed It On a 'Black Guy'
George Zimmerman Retweets Photo of Trayvon Martin's Dead Body
Marissa Mayer: 'Ads make content better'
"I do not want to exaggerate, but we have unprecedented freedom of expression in Egypt. No one in Egypt can bar anyone working in media or journalism or on TV from expressing their views," said El-Sisi in an interview on CNN
If You Have Savings In Your 20s, You're Doing Something Wrong
George Zimmerman Tweets Picture Of Treyvon Martin's Body
FREE Giveaway- Ladies ONLY
Hillary Clinton is dead, dead wrong - about pumpkin spice lattes
Justin Bieber: 'I Want to live like Jesus'
White Man Shoots Himself In The Balls and Blames Black Man
Feds Arrest Hamptons Coleslaw Fraudster
Miss Italy winner mocked after telling judges year she would most like to live in is 1942
Loose emu recognizes owner, returns home in a Prius
3 Ways to Use Selfies to Make Peace with Your Mental Illness
Spinning top, Wiffle Ball, coloring book among 12 finalists for National Toy Hall of Fame
Passenger Mistook A Plane Exit For A Toilet Door... And Tried To Open It At 30,000-Ft
Arizona Woman Fails to Fake Armed Robbery
Local newspaper ad for a pope bobble head doll in case you missed out on seeing him in person.
Pope to drop prog-rock album in November
This was actually printed into a local newspaper in Kentucky
Stubborn goat refuses to leave Sask. Tim Hortons
Man 'shoots himself in penis and tries to blame black guy'
Stubborn goat 'arrested' after refusing to leave Saskatchewan Tim Hortons
After NASA Announces It Found Water On Mars, Rush Limbaugh Says It's Part Of A Climate Change Conspiracy
NEWS LEAK: Florida Man Accused Of Tossing 'Deadly Urine' At Cop
PETA lawyer discusses monkey's copyright suit over selfie
Donald Trump: I've been 'a little childish'
Meet the Man Who Shot His Own Penis and Blamed It On 'A Black Guy'
Alaska court erupts in laughter as right-wing extremist asks to be deported to heaven
Inmate Escapes Jail, Then Sues Over Lax Security
Trump tax plan may help the rich more than Bush's
Wes Anderson-Inspired Crochet Mural Sparks Anarchist Protest in Bushwick
Florida Resident Calls 911 Because Monkey Was Sitting on a Mailbox Eating Mail
Adelaide woman sells car for $700, slapped with a $786 speeding fine 11 hours later
Paul Walker's Daughter Sues Porsche Over Deadly Crash
Kentucky Republican, along with two libertarians, claims First Amendment right to accept bribes
John Fox's Strategy To Fix The Chicago Bears Is To Score 'More Than Zero Points'
Lane-splitting motorcyclist dies when run over by tractor-trailer rig.
Powerlifter Climbs Europe's Highest Mountain Carrying Barbell!
Congressman lifts Pope's water glass so he can drink from it
The Listies launch Ickypedia dictionary, win 'kidult' fans with new language
Driver tries to kill spider with lighter, burns gas pump
8-Year-Old Girl Suspended From School for Wearing Wrong Shade of Green
Police tell 19-year-old to report her rape, then arrest her for it
Goat Arrested in Canadian Tim Horton's
NAKED MAN ARRESTED AFTER VICTORVILLE NEIGHBORHOOD TERRORIZED
A man saved me from drowning, but now I'm suing him for touching me
Zimbabwe's Mugabe Shouts "We Are Not Gays!" During U.N. Speech
Man uses lighter to kill spider, accidentally sets gas station on fire (video)
When asked if the gun was loaded, Eller responded, "Oh yeah, I'm always locked, cocked and ready to rock."
People buying this robot had to promise they wouldn't have sex with it
PM assures Ban of return to democracy
Selfie accidents have killed more people than sharks this year!
Judge Fines 67 Year Old Woman $1,000 for Submitting a Negative Yelp! Review
Tribune Publisher Says Kids Are Going to Start Reading Newspapers Any Day Now
BBC journalist cat-called during street harassment report: "95 percent of women are victims of verbal harassment - and a man shouts sexual obscenities at me"
Paul Walker's daughter sues Porsche over father's death
Man Tries to Sell Stolen Golf Clubs to Play It Again Sports - Shows Inmate Identification Card
No jail for San Diego doctor who raped and photographed unconscious women at low-income clinic
Man Buns Are Outlawed From BYU Campus For Being Too 'Extreme'
Dead whale may explode off Fukuoka
Uri Geller to unveil spoon statue in Sonning
Escaped emu found in Bow travels home to Vermont in Prius
Climate Change Is So Bad That the US and China Agree on It
Guest house in mumbai
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe tells UN general assembly: 'We are not gays!'
Bobby Jindal's camp denies they've lost 'Duck Dynasty' endorsement
Parrots named Missy and Snoop Dogg - known to chirp 'hello fat girl' - stolen in burglary
17 Most Horrible And Terrifying Sea Creatures Ever Discovered
Confederate Battle Flag at School Leads to Lockdown
Florida Teen Arrested for Science Experiment Never Offered Same Support as Ahmed Mohamed
Brazilian referee pulls out gun at match
58 year old man arrested for using jumper cables to shock teen
Anti-hipster protest in London targets breakfast cereal cafe
Referee pulls out gun during Brazilian football match
Rush Limbaugh thinks that flowing water on Mars is a left-wing conspiracy
Studies say sexual arousal encourages risk-taking.
Goat refuses to leave Saskatchewan . Tim Hortons, gets 'arrested' by RCMP
Mashed potato to power food factory
Referee brandishes gun on pitch during soccer game
School Bans Distribution of Sombreros, Says The Hats are 'Racist'
Pa. man accused of ripping out autistic 4-year-old's teeth
Hero Rescues 5 Children From Flying Inflatable Castle (xpost from /TIL)
Loose Emu Recognizes Owner, Returns To Vermont Home In Back Of A Prius
The MMA fighter held back by F-cup breasts
UK Man Does Five Lines of Cocaine, Has a 40-Minute Wank In a Beer Garden, Is Arrested
Want a Jane Austen quote delivered to you every day? There's an app for that
TV station replaces all filming gear with iPhones and selfie sticks
Bundle of marijuana falls from sky, crashes through family's carport
Police: Man arrested after shocking autistic teen with jumper cables
Smithers comes out on 'The Simpsons'
Brazilian football referee pulls GUN on the pitch after row over red card
Doctor punches patient in stomach after his third visit to ER in one night
Matthew McConaughey's Brother Showered With Free Beer for Naming His Son Miller Lyte
City Worker Fined for Talking in Robot Voice Does it Again
John Fox: Chicago Bears need more than zero points
Family smashes toilet after snake refuses to vacate premises
Yes, a goat was 'arrested' at a Tim Hortons in Martensville, say RCMP
Passenger who was arrested and led off plane in handcuffs by police after trying to open plane door at 30,000ft claims he thought it was entry to the toilet
Japan's Newest Girl Band Has an Average Age of 84
This Mom Surprised Her Trans Teenager With Her First Dose Of Hormones
Monsanto joins group giving $3.3 million toward monarch butterfly protection.
Gov. Sam Brownback says Zombie Preparedness Month starts soon in Kansas
Trump attacks Forbes for saying his net worth is actually $4.5 billion
US defends Safe Harbor, says it never uses "indiscriminate surveillance"
Rush Limbaugh sees leftist global warming conspiracy in discovery of flowing water on Mars
Hillary Clinton Flip-Flops on Pumpkin Spice Lattes
Mexican Restaurant Banned From Handing Out Sombreros As University Brands Them Racist
Rouhani says Iran ready to help bring democracy to Syria, Yemen
Politician Says Homeless People Should Be Put Down By Lethal Injection
Police officer Tasered petrol-soaked man 'to stop him harming himself'
Officials: Dispute over production of Christian rap led to man's murder
Retired Firefighter Breaches Security at JFK to 'Give Pope His Business Card': Complaint
Russian Lawmaker Accuses NASA of Timing Mars Announcement to Upstage Putin
Weed falls from the sky through carport into empty dog kennel.
Limbaugh sees liberal plot in Mars' water
Rush Limbaugh and NASA square off: Could Mars water discovery be a 'left-wing' conspiracy?
Can You Help Your Children Choose Heterosexuality?
Indianapolis realtor urges people to 'escape the dirty Detroit'
Pope Francis Set to Release First Album In November
Justin Bieber Interview (2015 Cover Story)
Thud in night turns out to be plane
Iran MP hits out at Obama-Zarif handshake at UN
In honor of National Coffee Day - You Can Only Make Good Coffee from Good Water
Did NASA time its Mars announcement to coincide with 'The Martian'?
Edward Snowden joins Twitter and only follows the NSA
Couple robs banks, posts photos on Facebook, get caught
This tattoo artist will cut out and frame your dead relatives' body art
Edward Snowden Joins Twitter, Follows The NSA
Bizarre new service offers to frame dead relative's tattoos
Syria: Isis closes down children's parks, bans boys and girls from playing together
French school identifies non-pork, non-meat eaters with yellow tags
Soccer referee pulls out a gun during match after controversial red card
London Cafe's Cereal, at $5 a Bowl, Sets Off Wrath
Goat 'arrested' after walking into Saskatchewan Tim Hortons, refusing to leave: 'He was very unhappy'
Mental scenes as Brazilian referee pulls gun on a player who attacked him
Nazi banner sparks alarm during filming for WW2 movie
DraftKings, FanDuel and the new American Dream
Hamas TV: Young Muslim Boy Wants To Be An Engineer 'So I Can Blow Up The Jews'
#Holywatergate: The Theft of a Pope's Drink Rocks Washington
Cincinnati hospital loses newborn's remains; trash searched
Man Tries To Kill Spider With Lighter, Starts Gas Station Blaze
Rage Against the Machine's Tim Commerford Apologizes for Inspiring Limp Bizkit
Cops warn against elk selfies after antler incident
Edward Snowden's first Twitter follow was the NSA
Do not have sex with our robots, Japanese firm warns users
Hillary Clinton's Pajama Party
Rage Against the Machine Bassist: 'I Apologize for Limp Bizkit'
Man shot at mom, threw kitten in fight over chores, South Daytona police say
KLM passenger mistakes plane door for toilet
Facebook down: Don't ring us when site stops working, say police
Cloudy with a chance of marijuana
Edward Snowden joins Twitter and follows NSA
Monsanto joins group giving $3.3M toward monarch butterfly protection
Brazilian Soccer Referee Pulls Out Gun In the Middle Of A Match.
Pope: 'Mothers Say My Son Is 34 And Not Married, I Say Don't Iron His Shirts Anymore'
Edward Snowden joins Twitter, immediately starts following the NSA
Woman Ends Up In A&E After Confusing Builder's Foam With Hair Mousse
Paris Is Facing a Baguette Shortage
$10,000 marijuana bundle falls from sky, crashes through roof of family's carport
Male student - expelled over 'gray rape' claim - can sue college, judge rules
Video: Man sets gas pump on fire attempting to kill spider
More than 7,000 People Every Year Die from Doctors' Poor Handwriting
Man Sentenced For Having Sexual Relations With A Slide
EDT Monkey Caught Eating Mail In Sanford
Monkey Caught Eating Mail In Sanford
Bundle of marijuana falls from the sky, crashes through family's carport
Muslim father kills daughter caught shoplifting condoms
UN Serves World Leaders Food Scraps For Lunch
The Fight for Unplanned Parenthood
Florida Man Attacks Girlfriend For Reading Her Ex-boyfriend's Obituary
Woman complains to 911, shorted in drug deal.
Muslim parents face court in Germany after murdering daughter for shoplifting condoms to have sex with forbidden boyfriend
Colorado Man Devastated by Hooters Closure, Pens Saddest, Sauceless Letter Ever
Snowden joins Twitter, follows NSA
There may be flowing water on Mars. But is there intelligent life on Earth? | George Monbiot
Brothers win lottery because they listened to their mom
Michigan man sets a gas station on fire after using a lighter to kill a spider on his gas pump.
World Leaders Eat Lunch Made of 'Trash' At U.N.
Woman ends up in hospital after 'confusing builder's foam with her hair mousse'
Man pleads guilty to cooking meth in trunk while driving
Tinder fights STD ad campaign in US
US: Man accused of stealing $5 in snacks died in jail as he waited for space at mental hospital
The ultimate bad hair day: Woman ends up in hospital after 'confusing builder's foam with her hair mousse'
Man accused of stealing $5 in snacks died in jail as he waited for space at mental hospital
Norway father injected steroids into 10-year-old
Netflix Built a Button That Delivers Netflix and Chill
Oregon Beard beer named official ale of No-Shave November
Feminist: "Water On Mars Is Blatant Misogyny"
Man found dead in river previously reported body
Pope Francis is Dropping a Prog Rock-Inspired Album
Mounties called in after goat refuses to leave Saskatoon area Tim Hortons
WA man shoots self in scrotum while fighting off meth hallucinations of 'Mexicans in trees'
Pokemon Butt Merchandise Available For Purchase In October
Are We Always Asking Rich Famous Ladies If They Are Feminists?
Why Are We Always Asking Rich Famous Ladies If They Are Feminists?
Man dies after dog pulls him into road in Dovercourt
Police: Woman threatened to stab brother because he ate her BBQ ribs
UN report on Violence Against Women quotes man who says women are the devil
Twitter to Expand 140-Character Limit With New Product
Nagasaki soccer team show off ball control skills as they model range of fundoshi loincloths
Public school suspends 8-year-old girl for wearing wrong shade of green
Mounties called to Saskatoon area Tim Hortons to deal with stubborn goat
The Author Of "A Series Of Unfortunate Events" Just Donated $1 Million To Planned Parenthood
Rogue cow spotted again in New Hartford
Benghazi probe surpasses Watergate to become longest congressional investigation in history
Woman Snapchats boyfriend pointing gun at her head hours before he kills her
Russia Targets Apple Over So-Called 'Gay' Emojis
Edward Snowden Joins Twitter, Follows One Account Only: NSA
WANTED: Convicted killer released from jail by accident
Benghazi panel now longest congressional investigation
Man, 63, says he was kicked in head over $2 in Saginaw
Jamaica calls for Britain to pay billions of pounds in reparations for slavery
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe shouts 'We are not gays' during UN address
Robert Mugabe at UN General Assembly says: We are not gays
Ralph Nader Builds Shrine To Tort Law
Mainstream Media Explains Why Mainstream Media Won't Cover Bernie Sanders
Copley police officer adopts dog after owner attempts to kill her, throws her in dumpster
Toronto man takes off $26,000 Rolex waterproof diving watch to go swimming - and has it stolen
Man arrested after inviting teens to see him inject heroin in Madison
Satanic Nicholas Cage Shrine Found on High School Campus
Canadian police arrest goat who won't leave Tim Hortons.
Thai man arrested on boat believed to be carrying slave fish
'Good Samaritan' Tells Crash Victim He's There to Help, Then Does the Unthinkable
After stealing truck, man moved into strangers' home
Man thought he was attacked by 'hippopotamus'
Doctors' sloppy handwriting kills more than 7,000 people annually.
Return my stolen Boothstown van and I'll make you a cup of tea, vows boss
6 Clips Of Audio You Should Hear From The Planned Parenthood Hearing
Brooklyn woman receives letter saying her Medicaid was cut off - because she's dead
Chris Brown wants to raise domestic violence awareness in Australia
Desperate shire applies for kangaroo-proof fences
Rush Limbaugh is a Mars truther: NASA's lying about flowing water on planet "to advance leftist agenda"
Two die in Mexico car crash after air bag replaced with cocaine packages
RETIRED CIA AGENT CONFESSES ON DEATHBED: "I KILLED MARILYN MONROE"
Police: Dog rescued after driving owner's pickup into lake
Eight players from Iran's female team 'not fully women'
Louisiana killer freed by mistake from prison, TV station reports.
Spider found in Ont. backyard requires authorization for adoption
Woman in hospital after 'confusing builder's foam with mousse'
Woman Presents Fake Doctor's Note as Excuse for Missing Sentencing on Forgery Charge
Saudi Arabian historian says Western women drive because rape 'is no big deal to them'
Goat 'arrested' at Tim Hortons was possibly kidnapped
Baby's First Dildo, courtesy of the transgender movement.
'Good Samaritan' Robs Car Crash Victim After Claiming He Was There to Help
Chris Brown responds to visa ban, wants to come to Australia to raise awareness of domestic violence
Man takes off $26,000 Rolex waterproof diving watch to go swimming - and has it stolen
Kansas governor wants to teach residents how to prepare for zombies
CNN is going to live stream the Democratic debates in virtual reality
Independence Bridge in Bay City stuck in open position
Kansas Governor: Prepare for Zombies
2 die in Mexico crash, car's air bag replaced with cocaine
Holy Smoke: Cannabis Churches Extol "Sacrament" of Marijuana
Woman said boys weren't loved, so she drowned them
Florida teen fatally shoots masked intruder who turned out to be his father
Midwives Can't Say 'Pregnant Women', Must Say 'Birthing Individuals' To Avoid Offend Breastfeeding Trans Dad
Jet that Caught Fire at McCarran Airport Apparently Not Leaving Las Vegas
Vegan protesters crash steakhouse to demand dog meat
Pope Francis will drop prog-rock album in November
Nintendo's mobile strategy doesn't even need games - Adorable stickers are just as good
$10K worth of marijuana falls from the sky, crushes doghouse in Arizona
Indonesia provides "nice air" most of the time, and all you do is complain about the pollution
Mr Lies says VW board didn't know about emissions falsification
Atlanta parent upset 6th Grade daughter learned about Islam in Social Studies class.
Pope Francis to Release First Album In November
CEO explains why her app will pay you to take selfies
Kim Davis's attorney claims she had a secret meeting with Pope Francis
RCMP Called In After Goat Wanders Inside Tim Hortons
Edward Snowden Joins Twitter, Only Follows One Account: The NSA
This guy has been stealing my friend's artwork and posting it as his own
Shoplifters set fire in Wal-Mart for quick getaway
Derrick Rose injured in Bulls first practice
Saudis Behead 87 In 2014, Head UN Human Rights Panel In 2015
Ed Snowden joins Twitter, follows only the NSA
A 'Mad Scientist' Theme Party Was Too Offensive for Some Students
John Boehner Comes Clean Admits He Practices Yoga
Woman Who Posted a Snapchat of Boyfriend Pointing Gun at Her Was Found Shot Dead Hours Later
Man gets parking ticket while getting ticket for parking
Southwest Detroit Restaurant Mistakenly Serves Girl, 4, Alcoholic Drink
Filipino farm workers 'clearly not hardened criminals'
Lễ ra mắt quần thể The Park trong dự án Vinhomes Central Park của Vinhomes
Tesla's new Model X has a 'bioweapon defense mode' button
Woman Ends Up In ER After Confusing Builder's Foam With Hair Mousse
'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' Will Be Best Movie Yet: Fan Survey
Tesla's Model X Has A Bio Weapon Defense Mode Button (Seriously)
Crash near Pauls Valley Releases Thousands of Bees
India man lynched over beef rumours
Man breaks into B.C. home, feeds cats, does laundry, writes in diary
Journal retracts paper on "chemtrail" threat to San Diego
Russian scientist admits injecting himself with 3.5 million year old 'eternal life' bacteria
Ralph Lauren Is No Longer the CEO of Ralph Lauren
Ben Carson defends Confederate flag by comparing it to Swastikas
NYC man faces second work suspension for talking like robot
Man sets fire to gas station trying to kill spider
Apple Valley 'MAXI PAD BANDIT' Caught On Camera; Suspect In Custody
Ralph Lauren Is Stepping Down as CEO of Ralph Lauren
Dad strangles teen in 'honour killing'
Players on Iran's Female Soccer Team 'Not Fully Women'
Facebook bans RNIB video ad because charity production is "profane and vulgar"
Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst Says RATM Changed His Life, RATM Apologize for 'Inspiring Such Bullshit'
Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik has threatened to go on hunger strike until he dies
Rose injured in Bulls first practice; Surgery scheduled
ESL S.K.I.L.L. Pro League Season 2 2015
GALORENEWS: 20 Seriously Awesome Things You Can Buy For Under 5 Dollars On Amazon
Teacher 'swallowed whole' by shark while fishing with friends off South Australia coast
Tesla's Model X Has A Bio Weapon Defense Mode Button
Young Arkansas mother took selfie of boyfriend pointing gun at her, hours before he allegedly shot her dead
Worker Fined for Talking in Robot Voice Does it Again
Semi-Trailer loaded with onions catches fire at Frying Pan Road
Man admits to stealing boss's truck to get arrested and avoid wife
US Allows Saudi Prince to Flee After He Beat and Raped 3 Women in Beverly Hills Mansion for Days
Anti-Marijuana Politician Charged With Possesion of Marijuana
Belgian scientists look for biofuel clues in panda poo
Africans Are Not Gays, Mugabe Tells UN
Wrexham Based Food Business Sells Imported Garlic Back to the French
Campaign encourages gay men to have unprotected sex in attempt to boost sales of anti-HIV drug
Cloning your dog--for a mere $100,000
EXCLUSIVE: Kim Davis Recounts Secret Meeting With Pope Francis
Elon Musk Says Tesla Model X Will Protect You From Bioweapons
Kim Kardashian: Kanye is 'serious' about 2020 bid
Air Force Personnel's Father Killed by Mob Near Delhi Over Beef Rumours
Rage Against the Machine apologise for inspiring Limp Bizkit
Nova Scotia man breaks into Kamloops home, feeds cats, watches TV, takes a shower
Porsche responds to wrongful death lawsuit filed by Paul Walker's daughter
Labour conference: Jeremy Corbyn reveals last-minute tie change
Last Resort Rehab: Australians turn to Thailand's vomit temple to cure meth addiction
The artist who turned his dead cat into a drone is now building a helicopter out of a cow
Woman snapchats picture of boyfriend pointing a gun at her just before being killed by him
Belgian recreation domain allows burqini's to be worm, but bans male swim shorts below the knees
Zimbabwe's Mr. Ugly Pageant Is Back
'Harry Potter experience': Cupboard under the stairs rented out for £500 a month
Scientist says researchers in immigrant-friendly nations can't use his software
How Potatoes Changed the Outcome of a World War II Naval Battle
Elon Musk puts 'bio weapon defense system' into Tesla SUVs
'No Offence' magazine banned by OUSU over fear it will...cause offence
Woman has benefits stopped because taxman believes she is having an affair - with the post office
Call of Duty Live Tweeted a Fake Terrorist Attack
Kim Davis claims she secretly met Pope Francis
Pope Francis Met Privately With Kim Davis and Encouraged Her to "Stay Strong"
Princess Michael of Kent sparks outrage by claiming animals don't have rights 'because they don't pay taxes'
Google unveils everything Apple launched, only cheaper
Man Charged After Boy Says He Shocked Him With Jumper Cables
Princess claims 'animals don't have rights because they don't pay taxes'.
Man fired for $23k phone bill
Active Troy mom decides on surgery to repair ACL tear
Tesla Unveils Model X Crossover,Tesla's CEO, says the Model X's bioweapon defense mode will turn on the car's advanced air filter
Tesla's Model X Is Here, and It's as Awesome As We Hoped
Government Employee Hired To Find Drug Houses, Arrested For Running A Drug House
Guest gets bill after not showing up to wedding
Her job is to evict people from drug houses, now Regina Sims is charged with keeping one
Man assaulted on West Gorham Street, blames hippopotamus.
Ben Carson Blamed Same-Sex Marriage For "Dramatic Fall Of The Roman Empire"
Iran female soccer team accused of manning up
Katy Perry was kissed by a girl, and she did not like it
A vote for Zoltan for US president is a vote for immortality
Black Police Officer Was Beaten Into Disability by Coworkers on His Day Off
DO IT FOR MOM
Man with dementia missing in Chevy truck with 'FORD' painted on wood tailgate
Area Man Steals Mascot Costume From Stadium, Has Night On The Town as Homer the Dragon
Former RI Cop Files Lawsuit Claiming Racial Discrimination in Arrest by Fellow Officers
Man Steals Mascot Costume From Stadium, Has Night On The Town as "Homer the Dragon"
Carson blames gay marriage for fall of Rome
CHURCH FILES LAWSUIT AGAINST STRIP CLUB FOR SENDING TOPLESS DANCERS DURING PRAYER SERVICES
Man steals Knights costume, flees scene wearing it, police say
Rare Fluorescent Sea Turtle Glows Red and Green
NYC man faces second work suspension for talking like robot: Says it's to disguise his Brooklyn accent
Woman Ends Up In Hospital After Confusing Expanding Builder's Foam With Hair Mousse
Anti marijuana politician arrested for possession of marijuana
West County residents report seeing zombie deer
Tesla Model X seats 7, has a bioweapon defense mode
Vatican confirms Pope Francis met with Kim Davis during his U.S. trip
CBS proves real life is better for you than fake life.
ABC Family Picks Up Nicki Minaj Comedy to Series
Man Uses Raccoon To Start Breathalyzer Equipped Car; Raccoon Then Attacks Driver
Dog Drives His Owner's Truck Into A Lake
Semi truck carrying bees overturns; swarms unleashed on Oklahoma highway
Out-of-Control Weeds Aren't Free Speech, Says Judge
Nicki Minaj comedy series gets picked up by ABC Family
Scans show Pompeii victims 'in good health'
Kentucky clerk Kim Davis met privately with Pope Francis, Vatican confirms
Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian President, Promises 'Bombshell' in His U.N. Speech
Adding More Plastic to Our Oceans Could Clean Them Up
Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis had secret meeting with Pope Francis.
IT help-desk tech suspended for speaking in robot voice (audio)
Orlando bar offers free beer until Central Florida finally wins a game
U.S. Bombs Somehow Keep Falling in the Places Where Obama "Ended Two Wars"
Carly Fiorina ironically blasts politics as 'a fact-free zone' where 'people just say things'
Clapham 'bed-under-stairs' advertised for £500 a month
Artist fatally shot while working on anti-violence mural in Oakland
Why I was sweat-shamed as I waited for my coffee at Starbucks
These Bel-Air mansions cost more money than Garcetti's plan to end homelessness
Dueling UK ukulele orchestras battle for US fans on near-simultaneous tours
WOMAN DECLARED DEAD IN 1989 FOUND ALIVE (LONG AFTER MAN CONFESSES TO KILLING HER)
South Dakota tribe to open nation's 1st marijuana resort
Top Indiana GOPer Resigns (And Blames Canada) After Sex Video Emerges
Rage Against the Machine Bassist Apologizes for Inspiring Limp Bizkit
A woman who posted a snapchat of her boyfriend pointing a gun at her was found dead from a gunshot wound hours later.
Baby 'was ALIVE when thrown from window by mum with umbilical cord still attached'
'Dead' woman emerges 31 years after she disappeared and 28 years after a man confessed to killing her
Deutsche Bank to Name Woman to Management Board by Mid-2017
Woman mistakes builder's foam for hair mousse, has really bad hair day
Man Accused Of Stealing Mascot Costume And Partying: "I Was Ragin' Dude"
Mark Wahlberg Begged the Pope to Forgive Him for "Ted"
GOP leader accidentally tells the truth about Benghazi committee
Russian scientist says he is stronger and healthier after injecting himself with 'eternal life' bacteria
78-Year-Old White Cisgender Male Has No Idea What The Hell Any Of That Means
George Pataki calls for Twitter to ban Edward Snowden
Bush: "I don't find Redskins team name offensive"
Sixth-grader goes Secret Service, meets Hillary Clinton
Woman ends up in hospital after confusing builders' foam with hair mousse
Feminist: Why Scientists Finding Water On Mars Is Blatant Misogyny
Guy Gives Zero F*cks And Eats Woman's Ass In A Music Festival Crowd (NSFW Photo)
Hearse driver leaves 'loaded' flag-draped coffin unattended while shopping at Farmers Branch Wal-Mart
That homophobic pizzeria in Indiana just accidentally catered a same-sex wedding
An ABC Promo Confused Quantico Star Priyanka Chopra for Another Indian Actress
Genius gives TV interview on Edward Snowden, only talks about Edward Scissorhands
Boyfriend refuses to purchase iPhone 6S for girlfriend. In response, she takes off her clothes.
Kanye West showers Ben Carson with praise: 'This is the most brilliant guy'
Cow goes rogue in central N.Y., eludes capture for months
Man uses raccoon to get around a breathalyser and is then attacked by it
Cemetery 'trunk-or-treat' event upsets bereaved mom
A Yorkshire terrier managed to drive a pickup truck into a lake
HLN guest booked to discuss Edward Snowden actually defends Edward Scissorhands
Indiana GOP's House Leader resigns after texting sexually explicit video of himself cheating on wife to everyone on his "Contacts" list
'You can be a feminist and a Bond girl': Naomie Harris flashes a hint of sideboob in striking scarlet gown as she laments lack of serious roles for women in Hollywood
Valley psychic robbed during reading; says it made two predictions come true
Mark Wahlberg asks the Pope to forgive him for 'Ted'
Mesa funeral home holding Halloween event on cemetery grounds
Mark Wahlberg Asks the Pope for Forgiveness on Behalf of Ted
Monkey who took grinning 'selfie' should own copyright: U.S. lawsuit
Onion truck catches fire near Frying Pan Road in Texas
School District Bans Playing Tag 'to Ensure the Physical and Emotional Safety of All Students'
Attorney: Kim Davis Secretly Met with Pope Francis
Glenn Grothman: Planned Parenthood unnecessary because 'as a guy' I have plenty of options
University of Florida student accused of drying alligator hide behind frat house
Woman gets bill after not showing up at wedding
Artist Shot, Killed While Painting Anti-Violence Mural
Carnapper nabbed after selling vehicle to original owner
Americas Parents of mass-shooting victim now owe thousands to firm which manufactured bullets that killed her
Scientist admits injecting himself with prehistoric 'eternal life' bacteria, says he 'hasn't had a flu for the last two years'
Pregnant dog buried alive in sidewalk for 2 days
Police: Don't call us for Facebook outages
White People Reject Claims of White Privilege, Study Finds
Columbia man admits to stealing boss' truck to get arrested, away from wife
This is What Atheists Look Like at the Start of Thanksgiving Dinner
Man Is Facing Felony Rap For Spoon Theft
Asian-American woman wants white people to pay for making her sick
Researchers set up a mantis shrimp fight club for SCIENCE!
US immigration accused of using fake ID papers to deport people
Mob In India Allegedly Beats Muslim To Death Over Rumors That He Ate Beef
South Dakota no longer requires kids to learn about the Constitution, Native Americans, or slavery
Indian man beaten to death for allegedly eating beef
NASA ends cover-up and finally admits water flows on Mars.
School bans boy from playground because his hair is 'too short'
Fox News most trusted in news and commentary in poll
Leaked Email Shows Canada's Foreign Ministry Is Pissed That Staff Are Leaking Secret Docs
Kim Jong-un saves North Korean innings with top score of 807*
Woman has stomach removed after drinking liquid nitrogen cocktail; UK bar fined
Bart Jansen: Pet Cat-Copter Builder, Building Submarine Using Dead Badger
Plymouth school bans boy from playground because his hair is 'too short'
Native American tribe plans to open America's first marijuana resort
British man has erection for five days after taking 35 Viagra in an hour as joke: report
Man downs 35 Viagra 'for a laugh' and gets five-day erection
HLN Invited Twitter Dude @Fart to Talk About Snowden on TV, and He Talked About Edward Scissorhands Instead
'Duck Shit' Tea Is Taking the World by Storm
Louisville man drove on I-65 with domestic violence victim on top of his car
Camp Pendleton raccoon, drunk sailor story too good to be true
Woman billed for missing friend's wedding
Disgruntled bride mails bill to friend who didn't show up at wedding
2-year-old boy booked for theft in North India.
Wrong turn: Man watches car being hit after GPS sends him onto suburban train line
Burger King releases their new vintage: "Whopper Wine"
Eight of Iran's women's football team 'are men'
Man Says 19-Inch Penis Is Destroying His Life
Man watches car being hit after GPS sends him onto suburban train line
Good News: Cops Now Slightly More Likely to Lube You First
Video: Woman thanks Alaska bear for not eating kayak; bear promptly eats kayak
Stubborn goat arrested for refusing to leave Tim Hortons coffee shop
Houston film crew robbed by Houston man in front of 'We Love Houston' sign
Goat "arrested" after refusing to leave Tim Hortons
Colin Powell: I stay Republican 'because it annoys them'
'Monster' disembowels girlfriend after she calls out ex-husband's name during sex
Michigan State to help part of Africa in coffee market
Spiderman rescues Eastbourne couple after their car bursts into flames
Kim Kardashian was blindsided by Kanye West's presidential announcement
Woman to remove screen built to block view of neighbor
Man shoots self in penis, blames 'black guy'
Litigious Yankees Fan Won't Get $10M for Napping at Game
Egyptian student still in jail because of T-shirt
Duck face is out and 'fish gape' is in! Stars including Little Mix, Miley Cyrus and Keira Knightley adopt new look on the red carpet
Big trucks not bad for Michigan roads, truckers say
Canada's Prime Minister Promises Double The Pandas If Re - Elected
Man throws 'deadly urine' in police officer's face
Everyone you know will be able to rate you on the terrifying 'Yelp for people' - whether you want them to or not
Hunt on for convicted killer accidentally released from Louisiana prison
Woman in Hospital After Confusing Hair Mousse With Builder's Foam
Kim Davis Wore Disguised Hairdo to Secret Pope Meeting, Was Thanked for 'Courage'
An ex-female British Punk Rocker is in pass of becoming the head of ISIS hackers
'Call of Duty' Twitter stunt fakes a war, upsets everyone
Rome police warn man for cruising river in converted Maserati
Every '90s Kid Will Relate to This Email Hillary Got From Her Chief of Staff
Harper's panda promise: If elected, Tory leader vows to double panda population
Gov. Brownback will sign proclamation for 'Zombie Preparedness Month' this week
Nerves rattled by highly suspicious Windows Update delivered worldwide
Clinton emails show her apprised of Weiner scandal developments
Officer in full riot gear kills black widow spider
Protect Planet Earth against microbes of doom from Mars
Officials: Bear 'selfies' remain a really bad idea
Hillary Clinton Got Constant Email Updates About Anthony Weiner's (First) Penis Saga as Secretary of State
This guy bought 'Google.com' from Google for one minute
A Politician who is not more than a Joker
Tennessee Police Officer Suspended For Not Shooting Skunk
Supposed Snowden supporter spends entire TV segment discussing Edward Scissorhands
Woman's death by butt injections ruled a homicide: medical examiner
Tennessee man steals former employer's truck, ditches in creek to get away from wife
Honey Boo Boo's WTF Music Video Is Unleashed
Nova Scotia man gets overly comfy in Kamloops home after stealing truck in Ontario
Hillary Clinton Got Constant Email Updates About Anthony Weiner's (First) Penis Saga
Body Of Teen Who Disappeared Seven Years Ago Found Stuck In Chimney
Teen's body found in chimney after missing for 7 years
Study: White people react to evidence of white privilege by claiming greater personal hardships
Whole foods to stop using prisoner labor for its foods
Woman Sends Snapchat Nude Accidentally to Boss, Cool Response
FILM CREW ROBBED IN FRONT OF 'WE LOVE HOUSTON' SIGN
Salon yet again gives platform to defense of pedophilia.
'Mad Scientist'-Themed College Party Somehow Deemed Offensive
College Party Lost Funding Because Its 'Mad Scientist' Theme Was Too Offensive
Oregon Ballet Theatre partners with Pabst Blue Ribbon (yep, PBR) to draw more millennials
A mob in India just dragged a man from his home and beat him to death - for eating beef
Wisconsin refutes hoax that lawn ornaments counted in state deer tally
Donald Trump Says He's Been 'Childish,' Has Fall Back Plan
Christian rapper allegedly murders his producer over music
Has James Dean's famed, cursed Porsche been found in Whatcom County [Bellingham, WA]?
Cats don't love you, scientists conclude
Increased calcium intake slightly increases bone density in those older than 50, has NO benefits at all, study finds
Qoopy, A Luxury Day Care Service for Pet Chickens in Brooklyn, San Francisco and Portland, Oregon
Christopher Hiscock Breaks Into Kamloops, B.C. Home, Feeds Cats, Takes Shower
LOONCUP - The world's first SMART menstrual cup.
The hottest sale Classic Strapless Prom Gown by Alyce Paris 35592
Eight of Iran's women's football team 'are men' awaiting sex change operations
Woman's Death Ruled Homicide Following Buttocks Injection
Why an affair can be good for your career
Antigay Indiana Lawmaker Resigns After Sex Tape Text
California Labor Union That Fought for $15 Minimum Wage Now Wants an Exemption
Brigham Young University bans the man bun
Anti-Abortion Campaigner Furious at Government Removing His Right To Choose
Marietta couple gets married at Confederate flag rally
Anti-gay, 'family values' Indiana state representative after he sends a video of him cheating to all his contacts; he blames
High schools drop football over disinterest, death and injuries
Peeple app lets you rate human beings like restaurants
Indiana Lawmaker Resigns After Texting Sex Video to Phone Contacts -- Republican state House representative tried to blame Canada. No, seriously.
Nova Scotia man makes himself at home in B.C. ranch that's not his
Jud McMillian, Indiana politician, blames Canada for phone scandal
Oxford University SU bans 'No Offence' magazine because it may 'cause offence'
Google to make driverless cars act more like humans after complaints they are too polite
Passenger thinks exit door is bathroom, tries to open plane door at 30,000 feet
Robert Mugabe tells UN General Assembly: 'We are not gays!'
New trade union movement founded by Conservatives
Disabled wrestlers enter the ring in Japan
Rage Against The Machine are sorry for inspiring Limp Bizkit.
US man sets petrol pump alight over spider
Car hit by train after man follows GPS onto tracks in Coburg
Wrestling Group For Disabled People In Japan
ISIS opens up two amusement parks for children
Cameramen showcasing Houston robbed at gunpoint
Deaf police marksman 'might not have been able to tell difference between shoot and don't shoot'
Suspect gets manicure before robbing nail salon
Eight of Iran's women's football team are men waiting for sex change
Man gets manicure, robs nail salon
Sailor DID NOT use raccoon to bypass breathalyzer
Finding Noah's Ark: Documentary Explores Ongoing Search for Biblical Vessel
Morro Bay man arrested, CHP officer bitten by K-9 after chase in Arroyo Grande
65 percent of Republicans think the government poses an 'immediate threat' to them
SnapChat founders make Forbes list of billionaires
U.S. deploys more advanced aircraft carrier to boost ties with Japan
Party City at Center of Controversy Over Halloween Kids' Costumes
African 'Prophet' Claims To Walk On Air In Ridiculous 'Miracle' Video
Indiana GOP Rep. Resigns Over Sex Video Sent Via Mass Text, Blames Canada
Business With Shady History Sues Former Employee For Calling It Shady
Dodgy tackle! Eight players of the Iranian women's football team are actually MEN awaiting sex swap operations
Pregnant Woman Pleads With Cop Who Pulled Out Gun During Traffic Stop: 'My Water Broke!'
Thief Angry At CCTV Pic Shops Himself To Police
'Scratching noise' in woman's ear caused by spider weaving web
Akinwale 'Aki' Arobieke touched student's muscles on a train
Apple introduces us to the Apple Ring in all its Glory
A moment that changed me - my husband fell in love with a bonobo | Vanessa Woods
Report of trouble with landowners on the Tepee Springs Fire in Idaho
Beards Keep You Healthy and Handsome, According to Science
Man injects himself with 3.5 million year old bacteria in quest for eternal life
Woman says she is happier than ever after fulfilling lifelong wish of becoming blind
6-Year-Old Boy Bullied Over His 'Elf Ears' Gets Life-Changing Surgery
Man Bought Google.com For 1 Minute
Holywell man died at a care home choking on latex glove he ate
Virginia man arrested for indecent exposure for being naked in his own home
Pope Francis Met With Kim Davis, Kentucky County Clerk, in Washington
Minnesota Woman Says She Was Billed by Bride for Missing Wedding
Bit by a squirrel? There's now a code for that (W53.21XA)
Iranian deputy chief commander says the Mina stampede could could be "caused by the Zionist regime infiltration."
Samsung denies using software to cheat TV energy efficiency tests
Watch Woman Yell 'Bear Don't eat my Kayak' as Bear eats Kayak
TechCrunch calls for an end to internet safe harbors
Why do so Many Americans think they have Cherokee Blood
Minnesota bride and groom bill no-show wedding guests $80 for dinner
Kenosha man strikes parked vehicle while dipping chicken nugget into sauce
Andrew W.K.'s Surprisingly Inspiring Speech at the My Little Pony Convention
Colin Powell says he's still a Republican because it 'annoys them'
Development Project Boasts New Homes, Amenities and Also Robots Who Will Walk Your Kid to School
Hyderabad Man Duped Flipkart Of Rs 20 Lacs For Over 200 Purchases By Exploiting Return Policy
5 reasons why McDonalds is bad and should be avoided
Guatemala Comic on Course for Presidency
12-Year-Old Console Gamers are Being 'Raped' by Dorky Weirdos on Grand Theft Auto - Breitbart
Too depraved for Libya but fine for Britain? Sex attackers' claim UK asylum
Asylum bid by Libyan cadets jailed for sex assaults in Cambridge
HLN confuses Edward Snowden and Edward Scissorhands
The War on America Turns 50
Baby-Faced Men Opt for Beard Transplants
Royal Family Member: "Animals Don't Have Rights"
Samsung TVs appear less energy efficient in real life than in tests
Megachurch televangelists lay hands on Donald Trump, ask Jesus to vote for him
Native American tribe to open first marijuana resort in US
Danish moms urged to send their kids on baby-making vacations.
Loony Preachers Lay Hands On Donald Trump, Guaranteeing That Jesus Will Vote For Him
Man Kills Imaginary Friend, Turns Self In
Utah boy, 6, undergoes cosmetic surgery because he is bullied
Woman desperate to be blind had drain cleaner poured in eyes, now happier than ever
Win $1 Million If You Can Prove PLO Accepted Israel
Jimmy Kimmel tricks Clinton supporters into liking Trump's tax plan
Overachieving Lizard Grows Three Tails
This Guy Makes $1000 A Week Just By Waiting In Line To Get Rich People Their New iPhones
Finra Says It Accidentally Gave Failing Grade to 208 Test-Takers
Cambridge magnet thief caught after complaining about his CCTV image
Court orders young man to cut hair "nice and short"
This Guy Will Make Thousands Of Dollars Waiting In Line For People Desperate To Get The New iPhone
Most players on Iran's women's team are men: official
Anti-gay lawmaker resigns after sexting entire contacts list video proof of his adultery
City Council honors (traitor) Ethel Rosenberg for 'great bravery'
Eight of Iran's women's football team 'are men', league official claims
Woman Lands in Hospital After Confusing Builder's Foam With Hair Mousse
New York City Council issued a proclamation Monday honoring Ethel Rosenberg
Tom Brady has been named AFC Offensive Player for the Month of September after being suspended for the month of September.
Chilling: Netanyahu Glares at UN Delegates for 45 Seconds for Their 'Deafening Silence' on Iran Deal
EIGHT MEN OUT: IRANIAN NATIONAL WOMEN'S SOCCER TEAM FOUND TO BE INFESTED WITH DUDES
Alabama to stop issuing driver's licenses in counties with 75% black registered voters
Woman Threatens Bear With Physical Violence, Bear Responds By Eating Her Kayak
Raiders owner drives a 1997 Dodge Caravan and dines daily at P.F. Chang's
Investigating the conspiracy theory that Avril Lavigne was killed off and replaced with an actress
How the Superwealthy Plan to Make Sure Their Kids Stay Superwealthy
Why This 6-Year-Old Got Plastic Surgery
Hillary Clinton's brother Tony Rodham is fingered as Ashley Madison user following hacker attack
Father kills daughter with son's help for cooking imperfect roti
Semi-trailer loaded with onions catches fire near Frying Pan Rd.
Superintendent in small New England town barges into teen girls room looking to prove she's an illegal immigrant
Paris fashion week's latest trend: wearing other humans strapped to yourself
This is a real app.
The Force Awakens is the best Star Wars film, say fans who haven't seen it
Activist who took down Confederate flag says, "it's my calling as a freedom fighter"
Psychologist blinds woman with drain cleaner - because she wanted to be disabled
AN INDIAN GUY ACTUALLY MANAGED TO BUY GOOGLE.COM FOR $12
Struck By A Macaw? Now There's A Medical Diagnosis Code For That
Woman says she's happier than ever after fulfilling lifelong dream of being blind
Hillary Clinton speaks out against Pumpkin Spice Lattes
Joseph Gordon-Levitt's The Walk is causing movie-goers to vomit in theaters
Underboob banned in Springfield, Missouri
New York Jets pack their own toilet paper for Wembley trip
No-show wedding guests billed for missed meal
Woman orders bear to stop breaking her kayak, bear doesn't listen (VIDEO)
Danish travel company asks would-be grandparents to buy their children sexy holidays
Jewel Shuping who dreamed of being blind had DRAIN CLEANER poured in her eyes
Bald man fights swim cap rule
It's (already) beginning to sound a lot like Christmas on this Alabama radio station
Edward Snowden didn't turn off emails from Twitter and received 47GB of notifications
Jets bring 350 rolls of toilet paper because London's is too thin
Jets are taking 350 rolls of toilet paper to London
The Jets are bringing an unbelievable amount of toilet roll to London this weekend
Disbarred Lawyer Plays Another Disbarred Lawyer in Oliver Stone Movie
Sex pest with fake boobs made from blown-up condoms hassled women in Bristol city centre
NYPD Tweets Hurricane Joaquin Path Map With Photos of Joaquin Phoenix
Professional Day Care For Your Pet Chicken
German woman evicted from her home to make room for migrants
The eJaculator Is A VR-Based Pleasure Machine For The Lads
Yelp for people? No thanks, I'm turning in my youth card now. I'm officially an old lady.
Zambia Tells Investors to Ignore Unsolicited Moody's Downgrade
Wedding favors caused evacuation at DIA
NYT's Definition of the Modern Man: Featuring Melon Ballers!
Man at Job Interview Gets Into Dispute, Allegedly Threatens to Kill Everyone
Apple Adds A Black Person To Its Board Of Directors
Second German woman evicted from her home to make way for refugees
911 butt-dial leads to arrest of 3 South Texas men
Peeple app for rating human beings causes uproar
61st Time's The Charm: GOP Votes Again to Repeal the ACA
Juice Crawls are the death knell of New York nightlife
Israeli Emergency Responders Attacked By the Very Palestinians They Try to Help
Shiekh says homosexual intercourse is permissible to widen the anus to store explosives for the purpose of terrorist attacks.
How Many Marshmallows Can Jennifer Lawrence Shove in Her Mouth?
Woman fascinated with being blind pours drain cleaner in eyes, now happier than ever
Woolly Mammoth Found In Suburban Michigan Farm
This high-fashion designer dressed models in other models
Woman Claims She Blinded Herself with Drain Cleaner to Fulfill Her Life-Long Dream of Being Disabled: 'I Should Have Been Blind From Birth'
Rick Owens Had His Models Wear Other Models at His Latest Show
McDonald's menu now includes high school diplomas
New Patch for U.S. Troops Fighting ISIS... Looks Like ISIS Logo
Tales from the ass festival: Kunde Habba
Minnesota woman says she received bill for not showing up to wedding
CNN on 4Chan: The suspect "identified himself as a beta male"
East Texas judge throws out 168 patent cases in one fell swoop
Woman Confuses Builders Foam With Her Hair Mousse Read More: Woman Confuses Builders Foam With Her Hair Mousse | http://mychannel957.com/woman-confuses-builders-foam-with-her-hair-mousse/?trackback=tsmclip
Thief rips off Daly City man she met on Craigslist, takes selfie
Woman had psychologist pour draining cleaner into eyes so she could be blind
Baby squirrel influx has animal rescue asking for acorn donations
Indiana county using 'marijuana goggles' to fight teen drug problem
Woman Identifies As Blind, So Guess What She Did To Herself?
Baboon raid temporarily forced Zimbabwe radio station off air: YA FM station 'preyed on by baboons' who chewed transmission cables
Goat gets arrested in Canada after refusing to leave a Tim Hortons
Juror excused from murder trial to catch Blue Jays game
Escaped monkey eats mail, damages police car
Eight of Iran's women's football team accused of being men
Florida couple invites strangers to crash their wedding
Nunchuk-wielding shampoo thief charged in bus-based sword attack
Volkswagen sales dive in Canada, rise in U.S. after emissions scandal
Woman Claims She Blinded Herself with Drain Cleaner Because She Wanted to Be Disabled
Saudi Objections Halt U.N. Inquiry of Yemen War
So far in 2015, we've had 274 days and 294 mass shootings
Study: 11% of Americans Think HTML Is an STD
Bush tells Trump to put on his 'big boy pants'
NFL milestone: Not a single player was arrested in September
Police: Woman Called 911 to Complain About Her Drug Dealer
Limbaugh: NASA Faked Finding Water On Mars To Further The Leftist Climate Change Agenda
Man Sets Gas Pump On Fire Over Spider
Tennessee man quotes "Half Baked" line to courtroom after being convicted of murder.
Air hostess found with man in toilet on flight, Made over $1m sleeping with passengers
Thirsty India leopard gets head stuck in pot
In 12 Minute Speech to America About Mass Shooting, Obama Refers to Himself 28 Times
Flight Attendant Made Over A Million Dollars Sleeping With Passengers
WARNING: Burger King's Halloween burger will make your poop green.
Luxury Daycare for Chickens. For your discussion.
Schoolboy killed while taking extreme selfie
Woman makes app that lets people rate and review you, Yelp-style. Now SHE'S upset people are 'reviewing' her
Alabama Demands Voter ID--Then Closes Driver's License Offices In Black Counties
Alabama Enacts Voter ID Law, Just Happens to Close DMVs Where Black People Live
Alabama, Where ID Is Required to Vote, Closes DMVs in Most "Black Belt" Counties
Rogue IT help desk staffer in strife for using robot voice
Eight players of the Iranian women's football team are actually MEN awaiting sex swap operations
UPDATE: Mountain Lion perched up pole near Cougar Buttes
MP Julian Fantino charged over alleged ketchup assault during 1973 police raid
Man uses raccoon to start his breathalyzer-equipped car
Oklahoma Republicans offer home to Ten Commandments monument
Eight of Iran women's football team are men, official claims
Oregon sheriff handling mass shooting case had lobbied White House against gun control
Oklahoma calls off executions after receiving wrong lethal injection drug
I'm so lucky to get gift cards by just few taps! Wanna be lucky too? Use my referral code: ef0f894 to get 20 bonus coins.
Tales from the ass festival: the agony & the ecstasy
Rick Owens' Models Wore Other Models on the Runway (Yes, You Read That Correctly)
Diners hospitalized after eating blowfish testicles
Whole Foods Says It Will Stop Selling Foods Made With Prison Labor
3rd graders exposed to anti-Israel rhetoric in the classroom
Pregnant woman spots face of her dead GRANDFATHER kissing her unborn baby in hospital scan
THE LOST EPISODE OF THE COSBY SHOW
Every time you steal a Missoula street sign, Wayne Gravatt curses.
Prison vs. Harvard in an Unlikely Debate
Jon Hendren spent an entire segment talking about Edward Scissorhands instead of Edward Snowden. No one noticed.
I poured drain cleaner in my eyes to blind myself
Shiekh says homosexual intercourse is permissible to widen the anus to store explosives for the purpose of terrorist attacks. [xpost /r/atheism]
Comedian hijacks slot on US news channel to defend Edward Scissorhands - Jon Hendren was supposed to talk to HLN about Edward Snowden's decision to join Twitter, but instead referred to the fictional character
Texas Judge Forces Defendant To Wear "Shock Belt" So He Can Punish Him For Sitting Down
A massive solar farm will help produce oil in Oman
Nun chuck wielding shampoo thief charged in shampoo attack
Survey finds we like the Charter of Rights more than hockey
Lemmy Waiting Until End of Tour to Announce He's Dead
THINGS TO DO IN JAIPUR - Share Ideas on AeyTimes
Stupid shoplifter caught after complaining to police about victim's 'wanted poster' featuring his face
Wanted shoplifter visits police to complain about his own CCTV appeal
Cambridge thief caught by walking into Parkside police station to complain about appeal poster
Yorkshire Terrier 'drives truck' into lake - The dog was unharmed
KKK Denounces The Westboro Baptist Church, Internet Meme Confirms
Melbourne mural depicting sex and a giant hamburger will be 'edited'
Enraged customer throws wads of cash in face of store clerk
The Jets are bringing 350 rolls of toilet paper to London
Bodybuilder banned from touching men's muscles guilty of breaching order by feeling boy's bicep on train
New Launch Projects Borivali East
Death metal music attracts sharks, documentary crew finds out
Man Buys Google.com Domain Name For $12
Police officer in riot gear takes on black widow spiders
Mars water discovery is a liberal-muslim plot, cry moist conspiracy theorists
Bear eats Alaska woman's kayak right after she thanks it for not eating her kayak
Models are now wearing other models.
Planet Bieber update: Justin debunks the big bang theory
I nearly drowned in chocolate
Ghost stories author admits horse sex charges
Alabama Toughens Rules for Voting While Black
New Cuffe Parade By Lodha Group
Libertarian Party drama: Goat sacrifice, eugenics and a chair's resignation
Woman 'Mistakes Expanding Builder's Foam For Hair Mousse'
Study: Americans Safe from Gun Violence Except in Schools, Malls, Airports, Movie Theatres, Workplaces, Streets, Own Homes
Jennifer Lawrence: President Trump would be 'end of the world'
Woman arrested for riding a sea turtle
Baboon Attack Forces Radio Station Off Air in Zimbabwe
Hitler was a dopefiend who died a vegetarian junkie
The New York Jets ship 350 rolls of toilet paper to London for their game against Miami.
Venezuelan Governor Suggests Eating "Fried Rocks" amid Shortages
New Cuffe Parade By Lodha Group Contact Us On : 8879274973
Woman Calls Cops Because She Got Shorted In A Drug Deal!
Helen Mirren Officially Retires From On-Screen Nudity, Aged 70
Russian scientist injects himself with 3.5 million year old bacteria for eternal youth
Mom finds 800 rounds of ammunition in Toys 'R' Us package
Pennsylvania man to trial on charges he extracted autistic child's teeth while babysitting
Black dogs allegedly facing discrimination
The alcohol abuse can cause permanent problems to your sight
Ben Carson on Climate Change: "Gravity, Where Did it Come From?"
Cold Sores, Symptoms, Causes, Treatment and Prevention of Cold Sore
Donald Trump on shooting: 'Horrible' but these things happen
Secret Service Agent Says Obama Is Muslim & Gay In New Tell-All Book Secret Service Agent Says Obama Is Muslim & Gay In New Tell-All Book
Secret Service Agent Says Obama Is Muslim & Gay In New Tell-All Book
Scientists celebrate weird animal sex with #HumpOff
Baby Faced Men Opt For Beard Transplant
Two East Texas students build a noise maker for Homecoming football game. Police find it, and the students face potential felony charges.
Ste-Julie pool sics police on bald man who refuses to don swim cap
Nepal May Ban Novice, Disabled, Very Young, and Very Old Climbers From Scaling Everest
Watch woman thank Alaska bear for not breaking her kayak moments before it breaks her kayak
United Airlines CEO Pledges to Stop Being Awful to Customers and Employees
models wear other models in Paris show
Helen Mirren says she won't do any more nude, topless scenes
Man caught drying laundered cash in dryer jailed
Surprise! 8 Members of Iranian Women's Soccer Team Actually Men
Liverpool Council's recycling leaflets in non-recyclable plastic bags
Bus driver makes 'lose life' threat in right of way row
Here's What We Know About Oregon Community College Shooter Chris Harper Mercer
Car Crashes Into Castro Valley Optometry Office
3 people arrested after sending selfie from inside stolen vehicle to owner's computer
Bus Driver To Marry Passenger After Years Of Writing His Number On Her Ticket
EPA: Sunlight is Bad for Plants
Mob in Indian village kills man over cow slaughter
In Maine: Governor wants to eliminate anyone who has a savings account from Welfare. You can only receive benefits as long as you don't try to save any money to lift yourself out of poverty.
Packers and Movers Bangalore @ http://www.premiumstar.in/packers-and-mov...
News Channel Mistakenly Uses Photo Of Music Vlogger To Identify Gunman In Oregon Shooting
Humans wearing other humans is the latest hot accessory at fashion show
Cry-Baby of the Week: A Woman Allegedly Attacked Someone Because They Farted Near Her
Ben Carson asks, 'Gravity, where did it come from?'
Taliban claim downing US army plane in Afghanistan; 11 killed
No NFL Players Were Arrested Last Month -- For The First Time In 6 Years
Menu from last lunch served aboard the Titanic sells for $88,000
Hillary Clinton Confirms She's Not A Robot: "I Am A Real Person": Gothamist
Nova Scotia man breaks into B.C. home - feeds owner's cats, showers, and makes himself comfortable
Refuse To Shake Hands With A Woman And Get 6,000 Euros
Santa Claus for City Council? It's no joke in North Pole, Alaska
California School for the Deaf Outscored 147-6 in Last 3 Games
News Channel Mistakenly Uses a Photo of a Music Vlogger to Identify a gunman in the Oregon Shooting
NFL Goes A Calendar Month Without An Arrest For The First Time Since 2009
This European researcher thinks overeating can be solved by eating more delicious food
Texas Woman Arrested After Attacking Brother With a Butcher Knife for Eating Ribs
Texas woman attacked brother for eating her barbecue ribs
Porkroll maker fired for farting
Paris Fashion Week: Models Wear Each Other...
Texas Woman Arrested After Attacking Brother With a Butcher Knife for Eating Ribs Texas Woman Arrested After Attacking Brother With a Butcher Knife for Eating Ribs
Suit: Levittown man fired for excessive farting
'Sense of regret' in Vatican over pope meeting with gay marriage opponent
New Star Wars Character Inspired By The Beastie Boys
PD: Man wearing trash bag tries to rob Chevron, flees on bike
The founder of Peeple, the judging app, is upset that people are judging her online
Endangered Wildlife Find A Safe Home On The Range, The Bombing Range
'Offensive' publicity stunt by Call Of Duty video game developers is condemned after the game's Twitter feed sent out fake messages about a terror attack taking place in Singapore
The day Singapore came 'under attack' in Call of Duty
Werder Bremen's Lorezen banned for biting baguette
The hidden inequality of who dies in car crashes
T-Mobile customers hit by Experian breach get credit monitoring by Experian
Police: Texas woman attacked brother for eating her barbecue ribs
'ISIS' Claims Chris Mercer Harper Umpqua College Shooting
NFL Has No Players Arrested in Calendar Month for the 1st Time Since 2009
Robot Developed to Assemble IKEA Furniture Still Can't Assemble Ikea Furniture
A Doctor Blinded This Woman With Bleach To Help Her Achieve A Lifelong Dream -- Of Being Blind.
Man fired for "excessive farting"
Music vlogger Anthony Fantano mistaken for Oregon shooter
This man managed to buy Google.com for £8, but only for 60 seconds
Trenton pork roll maker fired man for farting, lawsuit says
Man Breaks Into Home, Then Showers, Cooks, Feeds Pets and Does Laundry.
Eight of Iranian women's football team 'are men': Reports
Baboon raid temporarily forced Zimbabwe radio station off air
ISIS Have Opened Two Theme Parks For Young Children
Driver With Bear In His Car Let Off By Police 'Because It Was Wearing A Seatbelt'
'You think I can't afford it?' Moment rich woman screams at jewellery store assistant and throws wads of cash in her face
Jeb Bush on gun violence: 'stuff happens'
Man Asks to Be Deported to Heaven
Man caught trying to launder €1.5million in cash in tumble dryer jailed
Humans In Harnesses Are The Hot Accessory At Rick Owens
Oregon Sheriff Posted Sandy Hook Truther Video on Facebook
Oregon Sheriff Handling School Massacre Shared a Sandy Hook Conspiracy Video
Jeb Bush after Oregon massacre: 'Stuff happens'
Apple CEO Tim Cook: 'Privacy Is A Fundamental Human Right'
(Irish Postal Service) An Post tells customers not to send any post
Florida senate candidate admits to animal sacrifice, denies goat dismemberment
Germany To Allow Parents To Choose No Gender For Babies On Birth Certificates
Looncup: A smart menstrual cup that manages your period for you
Pork roll company accused of firing man for passing gas
Before Kim Davis, the Pope Hung Out With a Gay Couple
Netflix Just Invented A "Netflix & Chill" Button To Help Set The Mood
Palestinians Launch Fireworks, Wave Flags to Celebrate Brutal Murder of Israeli Couple
This guy bought Google.com for $12 and owned it for one minute
This guy bought Google.com for $12
Peeple Is Basically a Digital Version of Regina George's Burn Book
Man fired from job for farting too much.
Man living at Anchorage homeless camp killed bear with spear, Fish & Game says
French people are so underworked it's leading to clinical depression
Oregon college shooting is all the more reason to carry guns, say local residents
Someone bought Google.com for $12 and owned it for a literal minute
Tories promise RCMP tip line for people to report neighbours for 'barbaric cultural practices'
Pokémon copyright lawyers demand $4,000 from party planner
New York Jets NFL team ship 350 toilet rolls to London
The Biggest NFL Story Today Is Whether Jim Tomsula Farted At A Press Conference
Suspected car thieves arrested after sending selfie to vehicle owner
Coke, McDonald's join sponsor call for FIFA's Blatter to resign
Man named Santa Claus runs for office in North Pole
Privacy advocates try to keep 'creepy,' 'eavesdropping' Hello Barbie from hitting shelves
'THE MAXIPAD BANDIT': MAN ROBS AUTO-PARTS STORE; WEARS MAXI PADS AS A DISGUISE
Man Throws Urine, Frozen Foods at Neighbors: Victim
September was the first calendar month no NFL players were arrested in six years
Fired FA Allegedly Earned $650k Having Sex With Flyers
Eight Of Iran's Women's Football Team Are Actually Men
Irish man found drying large sum of money in tumble dryer arrested for money laundering
Anti-Vaxxers Accidentally Fund a Study Showing No Link Between Autism and Vaccines
For The First Time In 6 Years, No NFL Players Were Arrested Last Month
Jeb Bush on Oregon Mass Murder: "Stuff Happens."
BREC Aims to Attract Golfers With Free Bulletproof Vests
Pennsylvania Man Allegedly Fired For Farting Too Much At Work
Rick Owens Dressed Models in ... Other Models
You Don't Pass a Pool Fencing Law After a Child Drowns, Says Jeb, Who Did Just That
Kids say polygamous sect made them harvest pecans for years
Pork company fires 400-pound Pennsylvania man for farting too much, masking scent of meat: lawsuit
U.S. not seeking to have Mongolia broker resolution of N. Korea issues: Russel
Man sues work after being fired for farting too much.
ISIS opens theme parks for kids in Syria & Iraq
Lawsuit: Pork roll company fired employee for passing gas
Driver rams cop car, gets stuck in muddy ditch during escape
Indictment: Texas barbershops sold haircuts, and heroin
Justin Bieber: 'I Want to Live Like Jesus' - "You don't need to go to church to be a Christian," singer says in new interview. "If you go to Taco Bell, that doesn't make you a taco"
Chinese-American Accused of Spying for China, Until She Wasn't
Campaign fails to convince Steve Bartman to attend Cubs' wild-card game
A University of Miami student used powdered sugar to prank his college dorm room advisor... Instead he was arrested on cocaine charges!
Wedding favors cause evacuation at Denver airport
Bronies Club Shocked to Get Smallest Panel on Bridge
North Carolina Woman Identifies As Blind, Pours Drain Cleaner In Her Eyes
Oregon Sheriff Shared Sandy Hook Conspiracy Theory on Facebook
10 Black Women and 1 White Woman File $11 Million Suit For Being Kicked Off Wine Train. "I truly now know how it feels to be a black woman," said the white plaintiff, Linda Carlson, 55, a mail carrier in Contra Costa County."
For 1 glorious minute, this man owned the Google.com domain
ЛУЧШИЕ COUB ы ! ЛУЧШИЕ COUB ы НЕДЕЛИ Приколы
Meet the man who owned Google.com for one minute
24 year-old Indian man quits job to take selfies
Frustrated Girlfriend Stripped in Public When Boyfriend Didn't Buy Her an iPhone 6s
The agency that's supposed to protect whistleblowers across the government got slapped for retaliating against one of its own
South African government condemns satirical painting of Jacob Zuma's penis
Coca-Cola and McDonald's lead calls for Sepp Blatter to stand down
Leaked Foreign Affairs memo warns of the dangers of leaking memos
Someone Has Created a "Netflix and Chill" Dating App
Muslim family are driven from their home... after they converted to Christianity: Neighbours vandalise car and call them 'blasphemers'
Husband calls out wrong name during sex, gets stabbed
Florida Senate candidate under fire for taking part in a desert pagan ritual where he killed a goat and drank its blood
Man named Santa Claus runs for office in Alaska's North Pole
Incestuous Step-Siblings Kill Parents, Have Sex With Bodies Before Feeding Remains To Dogs
Mom fears that artificial turf may have caused her daughters death
Bomb squad called in after mother finds her flower vase was an unexploded WW2 shell
Man convicted after touching student's muscles
Why is Comcast so bad: Denies its data caps are data caps
Less than 90 minutes after Oregon shooting, CNN analyst suggests school's 'gun free zone' to blame
Man tries to pawn video game console with crystal meth inside
One Day After Warning Russia of Civilian Casualties, the U.S. Bombs a Hospital in Afghanistan
Man incriminates himself in 26 seconds on TV show
Parents sympathise with zookeepers seeking to soothe gorillas in daylight saving transition
Sheffield University students to take module in masturbation
Powdered Sugar Prank Lands UM Student Behind Bars
Man fired because 'his farts were so putrid they overpowered the whole office'
Netanyahu predicts Arab countries will align with Israel against Iran and Isis
Libertarian Party of Florida chairman resigns, accuses candidate of goat sacrifice and eugenics
Man fired because his farts overpowered the company's meat products.
Texas woman pulled knife on brother who ate her BBQ ribs
Monkey on Loose in Florida Steals Mail, Hearts
Prosecutors: Jersey priest points gun at boy over Giants/Cowboys rivalry
Homeless Man Kicked Out of Music Venue Was Actually ROB ZOMBIE
candidate admits to animal sacrifice, denies goat dismemberment
Dude Very Secure In His Sexuality Robs Auto Parts Store With a Maxipad On His Face
'Minions' sign at village of same name taken down amid picture safety concerns
Harry Potter fans 'trying to free' Dobby with socks in London
MACAQUE ATTACK: Monkey plunders Florida resident's box, gobbles contents
Congress to ban "pay for patriotism" promotions at stadiums
Mark Wahlberg asks Pope's forgiveness for making 'Ted'
Florida man snatches 4 million pounds of citrus without paying
Priest alleged to have pulled gun on boy because he was a Dallas Cowboys fan
Indian villagers worshiping newly built toilets instead of using them
Trump will lose, or I will eat this column
Landon Donovan volunteers to kick for Steelers
Man delays flight by calling in bomb scare, gets arrested, still misses flight
The day Christians were martyred on American soil
New Jersey Priest Points Antique Gun at Boy, 8, Over Football Rivalry
Marijuana bundle falls from sky and crashes into German shepherd's home, but party pooper owner calls police
The people of Rhyl never disappoint me.
Teenage boy who was missing for 7 years found stuck in chimney Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2015/10/02/teenage-boy-who-was-missing-for-7-years-found-stuck-in-chimney-5417886/#ixzz3nWvWKRW3
Rage Against The Machine Bassist Confronted Buzz Aldrin About Faking The Moon Landing
Well done, feminism. Now men are afraid to help women at work
U.S. Airstrike Hits Doctors Without Borders Hospital in Afghanistan
Supreme Court Responds To Man On Death Row After Man Is Already Dead
Woman happier than ever after fulfilling lifelong dream of being blind
POURING DRAIN CLEANER IN YOUR EYES: THE NEXT TRENDY SOCIAL JUSTICE MOVEMENT?
A man got sacked because 'his farts were so putrid they overpowered the entire office'
Brazilian Protester Shot With Rubber Bullet for Knocking Officer's Cap Off
T&T MANAGER CALLING FOR RESIGNATION OF THE ENTIRE WEST INDIES CRICKET BOARD
Judge rules that Birmingham police violated the constitutional rights of students by using excessive force for minor discipline problems, such as "backtalking" and "challenging authority."
Alan Sugar: 'I don't know the price of a pint of milk'
Company discriminated against woman because of husband's farting
BREC Aims to Attract Howell Park Golfers With Free Bulletproof Vests Off the Wire
Rhyl Jedi, Mortal Combat character and Resident Evil guard trigger armed police swoop
Nicolas Cage Turned Down a Lead Role in 'Lord of the Rings'
Senior Vatican priest sacked after coming out as gay on eve of synod on homosexuality
Parolee carries bag of cocaine past police squad, gets 5 years in prison
Jeb Bush shrugs off Oregon shooting: "Stuff happens"
Google's 'Don't be evil' creed disappears as company morphs into Alphabet
Homeless man spears bear to death in Alaska, officials say
Dunkin' Donuts Worker Writes '#BlackLivesMatter' on Police Officer's Cup
12-Year-Old Boy Suspended for Looking at a Girl. At Her Face. That's It.
Harvard debate team loses to prison debate team.
Former Steelers kicker: "Give Me A Tryout & If I Suck, Don't Sign Me"
Doug Stanhope Intervenes in Suicide Bid
Staring showdown leads to student being suspended, lawsuit.
Kochs Hope to Be First to Pollute Water on Mars
Rush Limbaugh: water on Mars is a leftist conspiracy
Mother: 'I would rather my daughter dies at home than give her insulin
Justin Bieber fan, 33, splashes out £60,000 on plastic surgery to look like his popstar hero
When people wear other people it gets weird. Fast.
Tennessee woman wants to pass resolution that will save county from God's wrath
Ukrainian, Russian Media Clash Over Spilled Coffee
Tourists Thwart Turtles from Nesting in Costa Rica
Man Pays $100,000 to Look Like Justin Bieber
Lawsuit Claims Man's Flatulence Prompted Firing
Santa Claus runs for North Pole city council seat
Stephen Harper calls marijuana 'infinitely worse' than tobacco
Man who wore ball-and-chain to his bachelor party ordered to pay $550,000 for pushing man who teased him
Gun Shop Owner Near Site Of Oregon Shootings Is Giddy: 'Always A Rush After A Big Shooting'
Tragic 'Shrek baby' who was born with two tubes instead of a nose
Netanyahu predicts Arab countries will align with Israel
U.S. Company Hiring Mercenaries To Kill ISIS; Starting Pay $600K/yr
Trending: Juror excused from murder trial to catch Blue Jays game
Sixes owner happy with rebuilding process
By 2050, human-on-robot sex will be more common than human-on-human sex
By 2050, Most of Us Will Be Having Sex With Robots
Oregon killer described as man of few words, except on the topic of guns.
Hillary's Campaign Plans SNL Cameo, Promptly Ruins Surprise
Jeb Bush Declares War on Stuff
San Francisco to double number of walls that spray back pee
Why are students now cheering about the massacre at Charlie Hebdo?
Florida man runs for US Senate: Admits Animal Sacrifice, Denies Goat Dismemberment
Suit: Company discriminated against Levittown woman because of husband's farting
This Is Why Scientists Urge You To Never Make Your Bed Again...
Jeb Bush on Oregon community college shooting: 'Stuff happens'
Investigating the Conspiracy That Says Avril Lavigne Was Killed off and Replaced with an Actress
Ignorant redditors believe Indian villagers worship toilets
I Wish People Would Stop Disparaging Condos
'Aliens prevented nuclear war on Earth': Former NASA astronaut makes unexpected claim
Oxford union bans magazine that might cause offence ... called 'No Offence'
'America the Beautiful' accompanies China rocket launch
Palestinians attack ambulance carrying an Arab attacked by Palestinians mistaking him for a Jew (x-post r/worldnews)
United Airlines admits it's been making customers and employees miserable
Frankie Valli faces trial over rights to own life story for Four Seasons musical Jersey Boys
Catholic priest 'happy to be gay'
Alabama judges stop issuing marriage licenses altogether to avoid gay marriage
Fox Sports' selfie shaming of sorority was casual sexism at its most insidious
Illegal Immigrants Could Elect Hillary
Hillary Clinton does Trump impression on SNL
Breaking silence, PA condemns Israel for killing Jerusalem assailants
Florida Man Files Patent to Let Everyone Know He Has Giant Balls
12-year-old boy suspended for staring at girl
Man steals scratch card, wins, tries to claim it, gets arrested
Models Walk The Ramp In 69 Position And The Internet Didn't Know How To React
What it's like to take photos of a dying man
20 Images Taken By Satellites, So This Is How The Cities Look From Space
IRS Phone Scam Coming From Sapporo Japan
Alex Salmond barred from BA flight after booking as Star Trek captain
Trump: mass-shooting gunmen are 'sick as hell and geniuses in a certain way'
Rage Against the Machine's Tim Commerford Thinks ISIS Beheading Videos Are Fake
Rage Against the Machine Bassist Doesn't Believe ISIS Exists
Artist shot and killed while painting anti-violence mural in Oakland
'Psychopathic' murderer and self mutilator who 'sliced his penis' to make it look like an ancient Egyptian serpent god needed 27 stitches
The Palestinian Authority condemns Israel for killing 2 Palestinian attackers.
Nikko Jenkins says latest mutilation - slicing his penis - was homage to Egyptian serpent god
Cops: Priest Pulled Gun On 8-Year-Old Because He Was A Cowboys Fan
Two Highway Travelers In Mexico Hide Cocaine In Airbag Compartment, Die In Car Crash
Size does matter: Woman files for divorce because her husband is too short
This Isn't A Joke: Pornhub Is Actually Offering A $25,000 Scholarship
Perez Hilton under fire for taking shower with his own son
Santa Claus Is Running for Office In the North Pole
Man breaks into B.C. home, showers, shaves, feeds cats, writes in diary, starts fire, caught watching TV
Monkey on loose eats mail from mailbox
She Casts Her Little Barbie Fishing Rod, But When She Catches THIS. My Jaw Dropped
Russian man claims to have found immortality, after injecting himself with 3.5 million year old bacteria and not having flu for 2 years.
Ball Pit for Adults open in NYC
Lawsuit: Pork roll company fired employee for passing gas | 6abc.com
Transformers 5, 6, 7, & 8 Confirmed By Hasbro
'Happy Crack' trading lands teen girl suspended from school
Indiana county introduces "Marijuana Goggles" to discourage teen use
Michael Fassbender says of Steve Jobs role: 'I studied Ashton Kutcher'
Portable pizza pouch necklace $8 plus shipping
Alabama Saggy Pants Ban: 'God Would Not Go Around With Pants Down'
Gamer burns his hours down on Twitch
PA condemns Israel for killing 2 Palestinian attackers
Turtles wear tiny swimsuits so researchers can collect their poop
Caitlyn Jenner Claims She No Longer Feels Like A Woman And Asks Everyone To Call Her Bruce Again
Carjacking victim allegedly shot in head by responsible gunowner who started shooting at carjackers
Indian Man Allegedly Beat His Daughter To Death For Not Wearing Veil During Meal
Man Beats 6-year-old Daughter to her Death After Her Dupatta Slipped From Her Head
Greek Orthodox Priest Forced To Resign Because Of "Cake Porn" Sex Tapes
Assad: I would leave office if it would help
Feds warn Philly-area college students of unspecified threat
Victim pleads for mercy for 'hero' pilot prosecuted over dramatic rescue
A Saudi Arabian health ministry statement said 4,000 people died in the Hajj stampede-then disappeared
Drone Crash Injures 11-Month-Old Baby During Princess Bride Screening
South Carolina Woman makes sure to grab two totino's pizzas before evacuating dangerous flood
Models Wearing Cartoon Penises Strike an Erect Pose at New York Fashion Week
Medical miracle as doctors reattach toddler's decapitated HEAD after horrific car crash
Palestinian Authority Condemns Israel for Shooting Jerusalem Terrorists
Doctors Reattach Toddler's Decapitated Head In Medical Miracle
Prison vs. Harvard in an Unlikely Debate - WSJ
Reality Check: Africa is not a country
Stuck elevator stalls Oregon Ducks' start to game day in Colorado
Canada politician mistakes Bank of England governor for actor
Kogi Guber: Audu will return the N11bn he stole if elected - APC Chairman
Woman Arrested After Trying To Return Wallet
TEXAS: 14-YEAR OLD VIRGIN FALLS PREGNANT AFTER FLU SHOT
Man Tries To Open Plane Door, Thought It Was A Bathroom
NJ priest arrested after pointing musket at 8-year-old boy.
Farmer Unearths Woolly Mammoth Skull, Tusks & Bones Near Chelsea, Michigan!
Hero buys Google.com domain for $12
Human rights are no longer a 'top priority' for the government, says Foreign Office Chief
Italian Cheese Burglars Steal Over $875,000 Worth Of Parmesan
Lion Saves A Baby Calf From Another Lion-Video have 2 million youtube views
Has Zaid Hamid Died During Custody In Saudi Arabia?
Elon Musk: the Model X is so advanced we probably shouldn't have built it
Florida teen surfer gets bitten by a shark, reacts by punching it
Nigerian Governor promises to return the N11bn he stole if he is re-elected
Florida teen punches shark after attack
TEXAS: 14year old virgin falls pregnant after flu shot
A London Cereal Café Was Attacked by an Anti-Gentrification Group Called 'Fuck Parade'
Scientists are working on an "exercise pill" so you never have to work out again
At Congress Function, Pigeons Stuffed in Rockets and Fired
Tenn. county to consider resolution begging God to spare them 'His coming wrath' over same-sex marriage
Official seeks to save county from 'coming wrath' of God
The low paid will suffer if I don't cut their tax credits, says George Osborne
Sam Smith 'using crystals to attract love'
Adolph Hitler fast food outlet goes viral: Nazi dictator being used to sell fried chicken in Thailand.
KFC is not amused by 'Hitler' fried chicken.
TNT wedding favors cause evacuation at Denver airport
China enlists squad of trained monkeys to clear skies during memorial parade
Alex Salmond banned from flight after booking ticket as Star Trek captain
50 Cent Blames Empire Ratings Dip on Too Much Gay Stuff
Criticising blasphemy law does not amount to blasphemy:Justice Khosa
Kalpataru Radiance Goregaon West More Details Call On : 8879274973
Texas Governor compares the "porous" Dallas Cowboy defense to state border
Girl Claims She Was Virtually Raped in GTA V
Siberian Airport Employee Fined for Taking Shortcut Through Fence
Russia's New Rocket Won't Fit in Its New Cosmodrome
Priest arrested on charges of threatening an 8-year-old boy with a gun for being Cowboys fan
Canadian man breaks into home, cooks meals, does laundry, writes in owner's diary: report
Alaska Airlines CEO admits his own airline lost his bag
Donald Trump Storms Tennessee to Push Second Amendment Protection Plan After Oregon Shooting
Alaska Airlines CEO says his airline lost his bag
South Carolina Woman Makes Sure to Grab 'Two Totino's Pizzas' Before Evacuating Dangerous Flood Waters
Hillary: I'm the Most Transparent Person in American History
Comcast New $5 service will cancel your Comcast in 5 minutes
Leonardo DiCaprio Wouldn't Pass His Vape Pen to Miley Cyrus
Father of Oregon shooter Christopher Harper-Mercer blames guns for college shooting
Two Edina elementaries schools hire recess consultant
Oregon shooter's dad: 'That's what guns are, the killers'
Texas governor compares Cowboys' D to Mexican border
Tennessee County May Ask God To Spare Them And Smite Someone Else
Florida Senate candidate admits to sacrificing goat, drinking its blood
Commissioner hopes to avoid 'wrath' of God
Sir Tom Jones says BBC can 'go fuck themselves' over 'The Voice' axe
Pope Francis expected to fire the Archbishop who tricked him into meeting Kim Davis
'Butt dials' straining 911 emergency systems
Cool professor lets student reschedule midterm for the cubs playoff game
LinkedIn pays $13m to settle suit regarding excessive emailing, tells users via email
News Babysitter who had sex with 11-year-old escapes jail after the boy's own father defended her in court saying his son saw it as a 'notch on his belt'
Thai military hazes students as punishment for erotic hazing video
Mac DeMarco to Star in Horror Film Dark Prism
Babysitter who had sex with boy, 11, escapes jail after dad says it's a 'notch on his belt'
A Perfect Day For Bombing: Russian TV Forecasts Favorable Weather For Syria Strikes
Babysitter who had sex with 11 year old boy spared jail after dad says it's a 'notch on his belt'.
Hunt says tax credit cuts will help to teach British to work as hard as Chinese
Woman sat in McDonald's for hours was actually dead
Babysitter who had sex with boy spared jail after dad says it's a 'notch on his belt
Fantasy football is illegal in Washington state
Senior govt drugs adviser arrested in crack cocaine raid
Post-apocalyptic 'beaver' thrived after dinosaurs died
Home Office drugs adviser Nigel Voden held in crack cocaine raid
Grieving daughter Liz Page kissed 'wrong body' after hospital mix up
Australian spearfisher films moment bronze whaler shark swims straight at him - and he is forced to kill it
Woman sits dead for hours in Hong Kong McDonald's
Evangelist Franklin Graham uses WW2 Japanese internment camps to justify his views on Muslim immigration.
Man Faces 2nd Suspension for Talking Like a Robot
Mother blames Nicolas Cage for son's troubles
Carly Fiorina Says Medieval History Degree Will Help Her Defeat ISIS
Donald Trump: Redskins a 'positive' name, Washington shouldn't change
U.S. Senate candidate admits to sacrificing goat, drinking its blood
Angry Air France workers rip off managers' clothes in melee over 2,900 job cuts
"Yes, I Drank the Goat's Blood," Says Florida's Pagan, Libertarian, "Genius-Level" Senate Candidate
Weather girl announces that Putin chose the 'ideal conditions for bombing Syria' on Russian TV
New York Yankees starter CC Sabathia to check into alcohol rehabilitation center
Carly Fiorina Says Degree in Medieval History Will Help Her Defeat ISIS
Man Threatens to Shoot Employees and Burn Restaurant Down Over Incorrect Order
Augustus Sol Invictus: Florida Senate candidate admits sacrificing goat, drinking its blood
Man fends off grizzly by shoving arm down its throat
Taxpayers' Alliance: 'Cut Old Age Pensioners' benefits because they might be dead by the next election'
Big 12 apologizes for KSU-OSU mistake, misspells 'accuracy' in statement
Pork roll maker accused of firing employee for passing too much gas
UFC Fighter banned from meeting sick kids, despite raising $43K for them
Hero Woman Refuses to Be Shamed After Her Public Threesome Goes Viral | VICE | United States
WORLD'S FIRST LESBIAN BISHOP CALLS FOR CHURCH TO REMOVE CROSSES, TO INSTALL MUSLIM PRAYER SPACE
Pope Francis is releasing a rock album called 'Wake Up!'
Infants head reattached following internal decapatation
Chairman of Florida Libertarian Party resigns due to controversy surrounding U.S. Senate candidate
'Miracle' cure found for wheelchair-bound girl days after she was blessed by the pope
Politicians urged to cut benefits from the elderly who will either die or forget before the next election anyway
Undercover sociologist uncovers a massive network of 'nepiophiliac' cannibals.
MasterCard: Retailers Can Use "Pay-By-Selfie" Starting 2016
Konami files trademark for 'Big Boss' pachinko machine
Florida man runs for US Senate: Admits Animal Sacrifice, Denies Goat Dismemberment (x-post r/FloridaMan)
Hunt: tax credit cuts will make Britons work like Chinese or Americans
Senate candidate in Florida admits drinking goat blood
Boy, 11, Shoots Dead 8-Year-Old 'Over Puppy'
A how-to guide to voting for Tattooed Millennials
Minions sign campaign backed by thousands
#PissForEquality: Feminists Fall For 4Chan Troll Campaign by Peeing Themselves
Man "too high" on marijuana calls Austintown police for help
Resolution Proposed to Ask God for Mercy Over Gay Marriage Legalization
Boy accused of killing eight-year-old girl who refused to let him see puppy
Phish Has Been a Band for Thirty Years Now and They Have Sucked the Whole Time | NOISEY
[NSFW]#PISSFOREQUALITY: FEMINISTS FALL FOR 4CHAN TROLL CAMPAIGN BY PEEING THEMSELVES
We're all racist. But racism by white people matters more
Raffi Torres suspended 41 games
'Wrath' resolution tests commission's faith in democracy
This new $5 service will endure the hassle of canceling Comcast for you
People Who Ate Burger King's Black Whopper Said It Turned Their Poop Green
LA Times labels black Oregon shooter as white supremacist
Burger King's Halloween Whopper With Black Bun Will Turn Your Poop Green
Taxpayers' Alliance: 'Cut pensioner benefits now, they will be dead in 2020 anyway'
Burger King's black Halloween Whopper turns your poop green, eaters say
Police arrest 550 students in sex, alcohol and drugs party in Eldoret
Cut pensioner benefits now because they 'won't be around to vote' in next election, says think tank director
Prison Debate Team Beats Harvard Debate Team in National Competition: Now You Know Why Innocent People are on Death Row
New superhero sitcom brings ABC one step closer to all-Marvel content
Chuck E. Cheese Plans to Win Over Young Moms with More Beer & Win
Prison Debate Team Trounces Harvard Debate Team In Highly Anticipated Match-Up
Parents fury at 'Shag a Ginger' night at Irish nightclub this week
Babysitter who had sex with 11-year-old escapes jail after the boy's own father defended her in court saying his son saw it as a 'notch on his belt'
Hài Hoài Linh Chí Tài - Paris By Night - Thể Dục Thẩm Mỹ
#PissForEquality: Feminists Fall For 4Chan Fall for Troll Campaign By Peeing Themselves
Chuck E. Cheese Plans to Win Over Young Moms with More Beer & Wine
11-year-old charged with murdering 8-year-old after argument about puppies
Ham Sandwiches And Sausage Rolls May Be Banned From Office Kitchens For Being 'Offensive'
Four more Transformers sequels are in the works
Ohio court upholds school suspension of 12-year-old black boy accused of staring at a white girl
Renoir haters picket outside Museum of Fine Arts Boston
Ohio Boy Suspended From School for Staring at White Girl
Jim Bakker: My Black Underwear Signals God's Wrath On America - See more at: http://www.rightwingwatch.org/content/jim-bakker-my-black-underwear-signals-gods-wrath-america#sthash.CGrkjVUY.dpuf
New paper from Harvard: "I take the position that a large portion of contemporary academic work is an appalling waste of human intelligence "
Alaska Airlines loses its on CEO's bags
Alaska Airlines loses its own CEO's bags
Cheerios recalls 1.8 million gluten-free boxes that may contain wheat
Florida Senate Candidate Sacrificed a Goat and Drank Its Blood
Tennessee county resolution begs for God's mercy
US politician admits to Goat Sacrifice.
Photos: After announcing 2,900 job cuts, Air France bosses fled a violent crowd of employees
Sentence For Man That Murdered His Wife, Again
Airdrie RCMP evacuate homes after resident finds apparent 'ammunition box'
US man fired for farting too much in office
Teen accused of killing, raping his teacher after she set him off with a "trigger" word
Florida Senate Candidate Admits Voters Might Find It Odd That He Killed a Goat, Drank Its Blood
» PC Police Want to Ban Ham Sandwiches Because Muslims Find Them 'Offensive' Alex Jones' Infowars: There's a war on for your mind!
Graham opposed Sandy aid but wants help in South Carolina
Students warned: Bulging biceps, big guns advance unhealthy masculinity
Renoir haters picket outside Museum of Fine Arts
Video shows cow running on Memorial Parkway
Students are Warned that Ripped, Cut Men Advance Unhealthy Masculinity
U.S. Senate Candidate Admits Sacrificing Goat
'Butt dials' - a strain on US emergency systems
Internet commenter PH disappointed that LA skyscraper only has 73 floors. Two years later it turns out that his clear mandate for 90 floors has been ignored by the 1bln $ project.
General Mills recalls gluten-free Cheerios for containing gluten
Fantasy Sports Employees Bet at Rival Sites Using Inside Information
Hillary: I'm the most transparent candidate in US History
11 Year Old Charged With Murdering 8 Year Old After Arguing About Puppies
Florida man running for Senate sacrificed goat and drank its blood
Florida Senate candidate sacrificed goat, drank blood
Creator of 5-hour Energy Wants to Power the World's Homes-With Bikes
Boris Johnson pelted with balls at Tory conference
This shirtless man caused the Saints to miss a game-winning field goal.
Scandal erupts in the fantasy sports industry after allegations of insider betting
Suspicious package at Norfolk NEX turns out to be water bottle
You can study masturbation at Sheffield university, but will there be homework?
Vladimir Putin sees Barack Obama's coolness as weakness - and it is hurting America
Weather conditions 'excellent' for bombing Syria, says Russian TV presenter
Alaska Airlines CEO Admits His Airline Lost His Luggage
Chicago Bears tight end Martellus Bennett compares quarterback Jay Cutler to Jesus
Man Born Without a Dick Says Doctors May 'Build a Penis' Out of His Arm
Brisbane taxi boss boasts of bashing Uber driver on Facebook
Call Kurtis Investigates: Satellite Companies Demand Equipment Back From CA Wildfire Victims
In Resolution, Tennessee County Officials Ask God to Spare Them in His Wrath Over Gay Marriage
Burger King's black Halloween Whopper turns your poop green
Huckabee: We Don't Have A Gun Problem, 'We Have A Problem With Sin And Evil'
S.C. flood is 6th 1,000-year rain since 2010
Tennessee county considering resolution asking God not to smite them for gay marriage rules
Yes, Burger King's Black-Bunned Halloween Whopper Will Turn Your Poop Green
Hunter shoves arm down grizzly bear's throat to survive attack
Tennessee Boy, 11, Charged With Killing Girl After Argument Over Puppy
Perfect conditions for airstrikes on Syria, says weather forecaster on Russian TV
50 Cent Blames 'Empire' Ratings Drop on Too Much 'Gay Stuff'
How Domino's plans to sell pizza to Italians
New Gluten-Free Cheerios Recalled Because They Contain Gluten
Woman follows Waze GPS app to her death in Brazilian slum
September Is First Month in 6 Years No NFL Players Were Arrested
Russian TV forecasts 'good weather for bombing' in Syria
Resolution Asks God To Spare TN County 'In His Coming Wrath' Over Gay Marriage
No Comments Allowed on Reddit's New News Site 'Upvoted'
President Obama unleashes the bees as children scream in terror
After Penises, Rick Owens Shows Models Wearing Models In Paris
A Woman Claims She Blinded Herself with Drain Cleaner Because She Wanted to Be Disabled
Meet India's first cow minister Otaram Devasi who likes to address himself as "Gaupalan Mantri"
PRIEST ACCUSED OF POINTING MUSKET AT BOY OVER FOOTBALL TEAMS
Bears TE Martellus Bennett Compares Jay Cutler to Jesus After Win
Gov. Brown signs bill allowing 'beer bikes' in California
Migrant refugees in Europe complain about lack of sex available in refugee camp (article with video)
Boy (11) shoots girl (8) dead 'because she wouldn't show him her new puppies'
Child molester sentence suspended because victim's father who had sexual relations with molester claims his 11 y/o son saw sex as 'notch in his belt'
'Every corner' of Beijing covered by surveillance cameras, state media proudly announce
Seattle Seahawks DE Michael Bennett, brother of the Bears TE Martellus who compared Jay Cutler to Jesus and Keanu Reeves, says he hates Matthew Stafford because, "He's from Dallas. They killed the President (JFK). ... I hold it against him."
Fox News says Australia has 'no freedom' because it has gun control
Will Smith to return as the Fresh Prince, go on tour with Jazzy Jeff
Flight attendant who was caught with man in plane toilet 'earned £650,000 from having 'mile high' sex with passengers'
Santa Claus runs for mayor of North Pole
Hunter escapes attack by shoving arm down bear's throat
In China your credit score is now affected by your political opinions and your friends' political opinions
A man got sacked because 'his farts were so putrid they overpowered the entire office' Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2015/10/03/a-man-got-sacked-because-his-farts-were-so-putrid-they-overpowered-the-entire-office-5419611/#ixzz3nmDcGR45
11 year old boy kills 8 year old girl with shotgun after she would let him see her puppy.
Burger King's Halloween Black Whopper Is Causing Green Poop
Husband forced to live on lawn
'Maxi Pad Bandit' suspect arrested in California
Metal Gear Solid 5 Offers Base Insurance via Microtransactions
Local muslim politician in India seeks UN intervention, claims India turning into Hindu Nation
FOB insurance service begins!
Tennessee county seeks protection from 'God's wrath' over same-sex marriage
The owner of a Columbus reptile shop was in the hospital after being attacked by his python
Donald Trump sent prank care package to Marco Rubio
Tiny Neutrinos Win Nobel Prize In Physics
Humans 'worse for nature than world's worst nuclear accident'
Michael Bennett says he holds the JFK assassination against Matthew Stafford
White Officer Files Racial Discrimination Suit After Being Passed Over For University Park Police Chief Job
Westboro Baptist threatens to protest meteorologists for 'stealing God's glory' by predicting the weather
outpatient programs in Texas
Tiny, Dysfunctional Family to Protest National Weather Service Over the Gays or Whatever
'Twilight' author Stephenie Meyer rewrote book and swapped genders
Twilight author Stephenie Meyer announces new gender swap version
Burger King's Black Whopper is turning people's poop green and everyone is vastly confused
12 year old black boy 'suspended for staring at white girl'
Great British Bake Off final rocked by betting scandal
Procrastination is a waste of time
Man makes chicken noises and flees when he's caught stealing
Man drives into ocean in bid to escape police.
Man Has No Penis, So Doctors Are Making Him One With His Arm
Nice try, but judge rules swinger sex parties unprotected by First Amendment
Cheap labor? SUCs can tap students to build, repair schools for measly P25/hour
Skeletons, skulls under Afghanistan's presidential palace
New Mexico's secretary of state faces 65th charge: identity theft
MMA Fighter Poops Himself on the Mat After Being Defeated
Giants Fan Priest Threatens 8-Year-Old Cowboys Fan With A Musket
Christian group predicts the world will be 'annihilated' on Wednesday
Dublin café posts CCTV footage of woman who wrote negative review.
"Bored" nuke plant worker downloaded child porn
Rachel Dolezal Is a 'Bit of a Hero,' Rihanna Tells Vanity Fair
Obese woman, 52, who weighed 30st died after paramedics spent too long searching for a bigger stretcher to carry her on
Arlington man charged after trying on women's underwear, exposing self
Drunk UConn Student Denied Bacon Jalapeño Mac & Cheese, Freaks Out, Gets Arrested.
Stephenie Meyer swaps genders in new Twilight novel
Drunken Antarctica scientists 'fighting and exposing themselves', report says
San Francisco has seen a surge in the number of emergency calls the city receives. So they called in the experts to see what was behind the increase. The answer? Butt dials.
Indian woman fined Rs 17000 for not declaring cow urine at New Zealand airport
'Twilight' Book Re-Released With Gender Swap 10 Years Later: Meet Beau & Edythe
Man with 80lb scrotum has 14-hour surgery to remove the giant mass - and can now resume relations with his wife after seven years of abstinence
Billericay police station closes after just 9 crimes reported in two months (UK)
UConn Kid Refuses To Leave Cafeteria Until He Gets Mac And Cheese, Gets Arrested
Doctors Reattach Toddler's Head After Car Crash
Trump Sent Care Package as Prank to Rubio
Mike Huckabee Calls Doritos Anti-Christian, Demands Boycott of All Frito-Lay Snacks
Mac-and-cheese day at UConn ends in arrest
Burger King's Black Halloween Burger Is Turning People's Poop Green And They're Freaking Out
Burger King's Halloween Whopper Turned People's Poop Green, Customers Say
Huckabee picks a fight with a bag of chips
Emailgate is a political problem for Hillary Clinton, but it also reveals why she'd be an effective president
Twitter noob Snowden gets hammered with 47GB of notification emails
Alaska Airlines loses its CEO's bags
Tesco store left with only 16 baskets after almost 500 are stolen... because shoppers refuse to pay 5p for plastic bags
[SC Sen] Lindsey Graham voted against federal aid for Hurricane Sandy victims - but wants it for South Carolina flooding
Local newspaper takes on speed cameras in Cedar Rapids, IA
Homeless woman lay dead in McDonald's for hours among oblivious diners
Ben Carson Never Seems to Dissapoint
Sphincter preservation on University challenge is 'no laughing matter'
Speeder Trapids calling. To pay now, press one
'Twilight' Characters Swap Genders in 10th Anniversary Bonus: 'Life and Death: Twilight Reimagined'
Ben Carson advocates arming kindergarten teachers
Mansfield-Storrs Patch: UConn Student Causes Scene Over Mac 'n' Cheese: WATCH
An Oregon Brewery Is the First Ever to Go "Salmon-Safe"
The Cure Announces North American Tour With The Twilight Sad
Reddit launches new site UPVOTED where Users cannot Comment or Upvote
'Twilight' gets gender swap for novel's 10th anniversary
Antarctic scientists face breathalyser tests due to alcohol-fuelled fighting and 'indecent exposure'
Carson 'Much More Comfortable' If Kindergarten Teachers Had Guns
Prison inmate chops off his penis, tries to flush it down toilet
Uzbek president bans teaching of political science
Man "too high" on marijuana calls Austintown police for help. The officer then found the man lying "on the floor in the fetal position" and "was surrounded by a plethora of Doritos, Pepperidge Farm Goldfish and Chips Ahoy cookies," the report said. The man also told police he couldn't feel his hands
Op Ed: Hating Pumpkin-Spice Lattes Is Sexist
Minecraft Gamer On Smoke Break Sets House On Fire For Live Stream Facepalm
Chinese company force staff to crawl in public after failing to hit sales targets
Lesbian Bishop calls for church to remove Cross and other Christian symbols to accommodate Muslim worshippers
Textbook Company to Stop Referring to African Slaves as "Workers" and "Immigrants"
Blount County: God, don't smite us for gay marriage
Hunter escapes bear attack by following grandmother's tip, shoving arm down grizzly's throat
Boy, 11, charged with murdering 8-year-old girl after argument about puppies
Candidate for U.S. Senate under fire for sacrificing goat, drinking its blood in pagan ritual
Burger King's black bun turns poop green
Viral video shows UConn student getting arrested after mac and cheese dispute
California mom collapses, dies while feeding baby who then chokes to death
Study: Time perception slows for some white people when they see a black face [x-post r/psychology]
Man "too high" on marijuana calls Austintown police for help - See more at: http://www.vindy.com/news/2015/oct/05/man-too-high-marijuana-calls-austintown-police-hel/#sthash.zn0ZDdwz.dpuf
Yes, Burger King's black Halloween bun turns your poop green
Migrant Activist Gang Raped by Migrants
Microsoft promotes Windows 10 with stickers of ninja cat riding a doge
Kim Davis receives $500k offer to do interracial lesbian porn scene
This Young Girl Story Can Be A Best Seller Horror Movie....And Yes, It's Real.
Russian TV Forecasts Good Weather for Bombings in Syria
Hacking Wireless Printers with Phones on Drones
Ohio Man Calls Cops to Complain He Got Too High on Marijuana
Lesbian bishop: "Remove crosses from church"
Remember Justine Sacco, the PR rep who tweeted "Going to Africa, hope I don't catch AIDS. Just kidding, I'm white!" - and later said her life was ruined? She represents DraftKings now.
Ohio man calls cops to complain he got too high on marijuana - See more at: http://www.whio.com/ap/ap/top-news/ohio-man-calls-cops-to-complain-he-got-too-high-on/nnwhq/#sthash.SA02vb4C.dpuf
12-year-old Black male suspended from school for staring at a White female student
UConn Student Arrested When Mac-and-Cheese Quest Gets Physical
This Guy Managed To Set His Room On Fire While Playing Minecraft
Bahar Mustafa: Student officer who allegedly posted 'kill all white men' to malicious communications charges.
Portland police search for stolen truck full of tofu, healthy drinks
Twilight surprise: New gender-swapped tale introduces Beau and Edythe
Snowmass man to Aspen cop: "Of course I have cocaine up my nose"
Court upholds Ohio school's suspension of boy, 12, for staring at girl
El Chapo Puts $100 Millon Bounty on Trump, Dead or Alive.
Why is the Halloween Whopper turning poop green? A Washington Post investigation.
Kanye West Says People Who Don't Like His Sneakers Are Racist
TN County to Hear Resolution Asking "God to Spare His Upcoming Wrath on Them"
Mustached Bird Photographed for First Time, Then Killed
Ben Carson 'Much More Comfortable' If Kindergarten Teachers Had Guns
Carly Fiorina Says Knowledge of Medieval History Will Help Her Defeat ISIS
Ben Carson would skip meeting families of Oregon mass shooting but 'would probably go to the next one'
Video Of Disorderly UConn Student Demanding Mac And Cheese Goes Viral; Student Arrested
London woman charged after alleged #killallwhitemen tweet
Old woman abandoned in wilderness to die. Jiangsu, China
Cedar Rapids police find man with meth lab in pants
Black Boy Suspended from School for Staring at White Girl-During a Staring Contest
Suspension Upheld Of 12-Year-Old Black Boy Who Stared At A White Girl
Pumpkins available for Halloween but maybe not Thanksgiving
Justice Department set to free 6,000 prisoners, largest one-time release
8 million new toilets later, India isn't much cleaner
Old Chinese Woman Abandoned in Field
Coach tried to turn us into porn stars, lawsuits claim
Kim Davis receives $500,000 offer to do interracial lesbian porn
Ann Arbor marijuana advocate worried people smoking pot in parks could be shot during deer cull
Drug dealers in Manchester are leaving business cards with weed attached Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2015/10/06/drug-dealers-in-manchester-are-leaving-business-cards-with-weed-attached-5423923/#ixzz3noujUrNH
Carson: Loss of Gun Rights 'More Devastating' Than Bullet Wounds
Cops: "Too High" Man Surrounded By Snacks Stash
Anthony Fantano, Music Vlogger, Mistaken for Gunman in Orgeon Shooting
Anthony Fantano, Music Vlogger, Mistaken for Gunman in Oregon Shooting
'Twilight' Gets Gender-Swapped New Novel 'Life and Death'
Stephenie Meyer gender-swaps Bella and Edward in her new 'Twilight' novel
PR guru who posted racist tweet surfaces in fantasy sports scandal
Scientists face breath tests after brawls and flashing in Antarctic
Ben Carson Wouldn't Meet UCC Shooting Victims' Families This Time, But "Would Go to the Next One"
Man calls cops. Got too high off his pot
WATCH: Conservative Florida mom vows to stop her children from learning about Islam and Arabic numerals
US Officials Ask How ISIS Got So Many Toyota Trucks
Canadian receives Nobel Prize phone call, immediately changes subject to Maple Leafs (x-post /r/hockey)
Tenn. County Asks God To Spare Its Citizens After SCOTUS Same-Sex Ruling
Ben Carson on Oregon: 'I Would Not Just Stand There and Let Him Shoot Me'
Russian Space Enthusiast Raises 1 Million Rubles ($15 900) to Prove U.S. Moon Landing
Moscow TV Forecasts Great Weather For Bombing Syria
Canadian scientist receives Nobel Prize phone call, immediately changes subject to Maple Leafs
John Kasich Makes Confusing Taylor Swift Comment to Female Student
World's oldest woman, 116, eats bacon daily
University equality officer who allegedly tweeted 'kill all white men' is charged with sending a threatening message
George W. Bush Enjoying New Status as Smarter Bush
Ivy League prof. calls Ben Carson a coon
Ben Carson Talks Roseburg: "I Would Not Just Stand There and Let Him Shoot Me"
Conservative Florida mom vows to stop her children from learning about Islam and Arabic numerals
UConn Student From Long Island Arrested When Macaroni-and-Cheese Quest Gets Physical
Museum says 'thank you' to young Israeli girl for breaking 2,000-year-old vase
A study funded by Anti vaxxers reveals that there is no link between vaccinations and autism.
Claremore Dad Says 'Skinhead' Patches Found In Children's Product
Brigham Young U. bans the man bun
Man Buns: University Ban Hairstyle For Being Too 'Extreme'
How to Weaponize your Cat to Hack Neighbours' Wi-Fi Passwords
Portland thieves ditch stolen truck but take huge haul of tofu
Uh oh, Burger King's black Halloween Whopper has spooky side effect
Ben Carson: I Would Not Just Stand There and Let Oregon Attacker Shoot Me
Reddit's New 'Upvoted' Clickbait Website Will Ignore Everything That's Great About Reddit
Brazil: Slain woman followed Waze app to wrong street
Sugar tax won't combat obesity: Coca-Cola
How a man with no penis fooled 100 women into sex
3 Questions With The Guy Who Hates Renoir
Mom Says Airline Told Her to Pump Breast Milk in Pet Area
Russian Space Enthusiast Raises 1 Million Rubles to Prove U.S. Moon Landing
UConn Student Arrested After Scuffle Over Mac and Cheese
If You're an Average American, You Peed 4 to 7 Times Today
Harvard's prestigious debate team loses to NY inmates
Bachmann Tweet Links Deadly S.C. Floods To U.S. Relationship With Israel
KFC apologises to Reddit user whose Ricebox meal looked nothing like advert
Ben Carson's campaign manager really wants him to stop referencing Hitler
Satnav leads pensioners into drug gangs' deadly favela shoot-out in Brazil
Donald Trump sends 'sweating' Marco Rubio Trump-brand water bottles, 'Make America Great Again' towels
Air Force dental technician accused of being a witch
Trump sends Rubio water bottles with his face on them
El Chapo Bounty On Donald Trump? $100M Reward Reportedly Offered By Mexican Fugitive For Candidate's Head
DraftKings employees reportedly won nearly $6 million playing daily fantasy sports at rival FanDuel
NHL, NHLPA discuss adding cocaine to list of banned substances | The Hockey News
Jared Leto Went So Method as The Joker, Will Smith Says 'I've Never Actually Met Jared Leto'
Snowden would rather be in US prison than living Russia.
Cop complains after "blacklivesmatter" put on coffee cup
Connecticut university student arrested over mac and cheese
Man who said he "smoked too much weed" found surrounded by junk food in his room
EGYPTIAN TV: AMERICA CONTROLS THE WEATHER-AND IS USING IT TO DESTABILIZE THE MIDDLE EAST
Santa Claus runs for office in North Pole, Alaska
Decapitated toddler has head reattached by surgeons after car accident
Domino's is Going to Sell Pizza in Italy Now
Jack White not recognized at local pot luck
Iowa Man Arrested for having Meth Lab in His Pants
Fremont Man Shot Mom, Cut Out Her Heart: Police
Baltimore Police Commissioner Stunned by Poverty in Baltimore
Handjob Cabin - Movie Trail (NSFW)
12-year-old girl suffers from an uncommon condition, sneezes 12,000 times per day
Sea Turtles Wear Swimsuits For Science
UConn student arrested after viral rant about mac and cheese
The fins and the furious: Fish are nature's top athletes, study says
Texas Girl Suffers From Mysterious Condition, Sneezes 12,000 Times Per Day
Russian Embassy in UAE Trolls Saudi Arabia On Twitter
Scientists discover new rat species with extra long pubic hair
Ohio man surrounded by junk food calls police to complain he got too high on marijuana
'Renoir sucks at painting' movement demands removal of artist's works
U.S. Investigating How ISIS Got All Those Toyota Pickups
Montreal man puts up fake election posters for no real reason
Ben Carson says he would have confronted Oregon shooter
Wife forces husband to live on the lawn of their mansion
Porn Company Offers Kim Davis $500k To Do Interracial Lesbian Porn Scene
Snacks For Attacks Inside Miami Juvie Detention Center (Part 1)
People Judge Me Because I'm Pretty
Barney & Friends: Reboot Set for 2017
World's worst college kid gets himself arrested in drunken tantrum over mac and cheese
Tofu Truck Stolen from Portland Safeway (x-post with /r/portland).
Russian weatherwoman forecasts 'perfect conditions' for bombing Syria
MIPCOM: 'Barney & Friends' Set for Relaunch by Mattel, 9 Story
extreme phone pinching, the newest trend
Ben Carson On Oregon Murders: 'I Would Not Just Stand There And Let Him Shoot Me'
Time Warner Cable promises to stop acting like a cable company
Kim Davis Offered $500K By Porn Company To Do Same-Sex, Interracial Porn Scene
Man calls cops to complain he was too high on marijuana, police find him surrounded by Doritos and Chips Ahoy
Disgraced Aussie mayor offers up his mansion and Ferrari to rapper Bow Wow for his new music video.
Michelle Bachman says deadly flooding in North and South Carolina caused by the US turning its back on Israel
Tom Hanks finds university student's ID in New York City
Ohio man calls police to complain he got too high on marijuana
To make Mars habitable, Musk plans to drop nukes above it
Play Doh Cake Makin' Station Bakery Playset by Sweet Shoppe, Creatable,Colorful, Makeable Fun!
Harvard's prestigious debate team loses to New York prison inmates
UConn student arrested over mac and cheese
4chan fools Tumblr users once again, this time into pissing themselves
Cop finds man who said he was too stoned surrounded by Doritos
Jindal: Oregon Gunman's Father Is A 'Failure' Who 'Owes Us All An Apology'
Women are the next China
Anti-Vaxxers Fund Study That Finds Zero Link Between Vaccinations And Autism
Did El Chapo Put a $100 Millon, Dead or Alive Bounty on Trump?
Japanese Man Accidentally Sets Fire To His Home During Live Stream
Rejoice, America! The Federal Government Has Built You a Moth Drone
Call of Duty makers slated for using picture of Rhyl as vision of the apocalypse
India cut Nepal's petrol supply, causing over $1bn of losses to the Nepal economy. The Indian embassy of Kathmandu is now requesting gasoline for its vehicles from the Nepal oil corporation.
A Porn Company Offered Kim Davis An Ungodly Amount Of Money For A Very Specific Scene
Airbus wants to fit more passengers on its planes-by stacking them on top of each other
Man who called police because he was 'too high', found in the foetal position covered in Doritos
In One Quote, Rihanna Explains Why She Thinks Rachel Dolezal Is a Hero (X-post from /r/asablackman)
Businessman who smashed up his own pub with JCB will not face charges
Italian priest Don Gino Flaim defends paedophiles and blames 'love-seeking children'
Afghan football coach: We want to adapt Barcelona's philosophy
What is with this hellish airplane seat arrangement from Airbus?
New Airbus design seats passengers on top of each other
What Smoking A Cigarette Does To The Body
Children make 'soup' of hard drugs during playtime at kindergarten
Ohio court upholds school suspension of 12-year-old black boy accused of staring at a white girl during staring contest.
NLMC | Next Level Marketing and Consulting
Mayfair Page 3 For More Info.Call : 8879274973
Man, 53, Calls 911 To Complain That His Girlfriend Will Not Have Sex With Him
Las Vegas gambit aims to transform chess into high-stakes global event
U.S. Senate candidate named Augustus Sol Invictus admitted to ritualistically slaughtering a goat and drinking its blood
Brian Blessed: I delivered a baby in a park, bit the umbilical cord and licked the infant's face
Website offers to cancel Comcast for $5
South Texas Girl Sneezes 12,000 Times A Day
Dead Woman Goes Unnoticed for 24 Hours in Hong Kong McDonalds
Herpes widespread in wombats and kangaroos in the wild
Man called 'Something Long and Complicated' loses Facebook account
Tennessee commission to consider asking for God's mercy for gay marriage
Bitter divorce leaves man stranded in front yard of his million-dollar home
More sex is better to increase chances of pregnancy
Sex dramatically increases fertility
Bitter divorce leaves man stranded in the front yard of his million dollar home
Rihanna calls Rachel Dolezal 'a bit of a hero'
Landlord refused a drink in his own seaside pub at 11.10pm returns to bulldoze it at 1am
Kim Davis just got offered $500K to appear in an adult film
Student Union Diversity Officer Charged For Allegedly Sending #killallwhitemen Tweet
Forest minister 'accidentally' starts forest fire in Bavaria, Germany
Anti-Renoir protesters picket Boston art gallery
U.S. asks Toyota to explain why ISIS has so many new trucks
Iowa man had meth lab in his pants, police say
Man had meth lab in his pants, police say
Forestry boss' mishap sparks forest fire
PETA is suing over a monkey's right to own its selfies
Canadian politician says: "Oil is a natural substance. So spilling into the environment, the land will absorb it because that's what oil is."
Man who called police saying he's 'too high' found in fetal position surrounded by Doritos and cookies
Man caught speeding tells police off for 'lying', drives away at 240km/h
Matt Drudge: Obama Named Islamic State 'ISIS' To Be Confused With Issa
Babysitter who had sex with 11-year-old boy claims she 'falls in love too quickly'
Is this 2015 or 1692? Woman Accused of Being a Witch Fired from Military Dental Clinic
New York inmates defeat Harvard debate team
"Too high" Ohio man calls 911, is found among Doritos, Chips Ahoy cookies
One student takes over 100 selfies to get one she likes well enough to post #Being13
Brian Blessed delivered baby in a park and 'bit through umbilical cord
U.S. officials ask Toyota how ISIS got so many of their new trucks.
Harvard university debate team loses to New York prison inmates
Ben Carson: 'Body With Bullet Holes' Preferable to Gun Control
Alabama GOPer Who Spoke At Neo-Confederate Event: It's No Hate Group!
Wendy Williams: Caitlyn Jenner Isn't Really a Woman Because She 'Still Has a Member'
Man without a penis explains how he had sex with 'more than 100 women'
Board OKs settlement over principal who hypnotized students
Every Veteran Deserves Legal Access To Medical Marijuana
Nicolas Cage joins ranks of turning down a Lord of the Rings role
AI takes IQ test, is asked 'Why do we shake hands?" responds with "epileptic fit"
Feminists tricked into peeing their pants for 'equality'
Conservative candidate suggests Mulcair could lose citizenship if convicted of treason or terrorism
White Friends, pay for my therapy - Asian American woman getting crowd funded to pay for stress of institutional racism
Harvard debate champs lose to team of prisoners
French broadcaster's anti-sexism advert pulled for being sexist
Owasso police: DUI suspect claiming to be surgeon threatens 'wait till I get you under my knife'
Harvard's award-winning debate team loses to New York prison inmates
Man calls cops because he's 'too high,' they discover him surrounded by Doritos
Man calls cops to complain he got too high on marijuana
Gluten-Free Cheerios Recalled After Tests Find They Contain Gluten
Malta Governor mistaken for house elf.
Cold war bomb warmed by chickens
Driver swerves to avoid moose but instead unleashes hundreds of piglets that go ham and overrun the highway
Top Podcast Resources 2015 | Business Service Questions & Answer
Town in Minnesota makes it a hate crime to assault a police officer
Man who has been convicted of shoplifting, stealing 21+ times promises to get clean, again
Divorce leaves man stranded in front yard of his million-dollar home. Wife put up signs saying "Do Not Feed".
Here's why more sex, even on 'off' days, may up your chances of pregnancy
The CIA paid Vietnam War spies by ordering them stuff from Sears
Student wants School Administrators and Police to be held responsible for classmate's suicide
School District to Pay $600,000 Over Death of Teens Who Were Hypnotized by Principal
Vladimir Putin celebrates his birthday by scoring goals, firing missiles
ASU asks fans to not paint faces before 'blackout' game
Conservative Journalist Banned From Participating in University Debate on Censorship
best of sand up comady! Best Comedian Ever
New York prison debate team defeats Harvard College team
Brian Blessed: I chewed through umbilical cord to deliver baby in Richmond Park
Tantra teacher at clothing-optional retreat killed on trail
LMFAO The Beer Survives LMFAO The Band's Lawyers To Keep Its Name
Kanye West Thinks He Is Discriminated Against For Not Being Gay
Girl sneezes up to 12,000 times a day: 'I'm constantly in pain'
Eleven-year-old boy accused of shooting, killing young girl because he couldn't play with her puppy
Kanye West Thinks Fashion Discriminated Against Him for Not Being Gay
Kanye West thinks the fashion world discriminates against him because he's not gay
Man who called police saying he's 'too high' found in foetal position surrounded by Doritos and cookies
UConn Student Throws Tantrum, Gets Arrested Over Mac and Cheese
Kim Davis Offered $500K To Star In Interracial Lesbian Porn Scene
Airbus to stack passengers on top of each other with its new seating plan
Two women fighting over a man starts mass riot. On Hoe Street.
Once Seed Was Planted, Chinese Headwear Fad Grew Like Weeds
Vladimir Putin scores seven goals in birthday game with NHL stars
MancU has banned speaker Milo Yiannopoulos from debate entitled "From liberation to censorship: Does modern feminism have a problem with free speech?"
Police shoot dead man in wheelchair who was 'trying to kill himself'
"In God We Trust" Now Displayed On Lamesa Hospital Ambulances
Two women fighting over a man sparks 200 person brawl. On Hoe Street.
Italian porn actor, Rocco Siffredi, launches 'University of Porn' for aspiring stars
After years of drive-thrus on horseback, riders learn it's illegal
Porn Company Offers Kim Davis $500,000 to Do Interracial Lesbian Scene
Having More Sex Boosts Women's Immune System, Increasing Chances for Pregnancy
From Pope Francis to Angela Merkel: the top contenders for the 2015 Nobel peace prize
Domino's Is Now Selling Its Pizza in Italy
Man,45, crashes JCB digger into his own pub,in anger, after not being served
A man in Ireland rode a horse into Tesco because nothing makes sense anymore
ABC Family to Change its Name to Freeform
800 pound man with eating addiction says he was kicked out Rhode Island hospital for ordering pizza
Man smashes pub with JCB because he was refused a drink
'Britney Bill' for Tax Break on Shows Advances in New Jersey
Hospital kicks out 800lb. man for ordering pizza
Yiannopoulos also banned from censorship event
Terrible Watchmojo Anime Lists Result In Suicide
Trump supporters have the worst Facebook grammar, study finds
"War on Terror" Targets Underwear - Department of Homeland Security Raids Maker of Unlicensed World Series Panties
Boy Accused of Killing Girl Over Puppies
Ben Carson: Pompeii Victims Should Have Outrun Lava
Publisher "deeply sorry" for textbook calling slaves "workers"
Scientist: We've grown a human 'mini brain'
Barrington police help woman stuck in car with feral cat
Pat Robertson Warns: God Will Flood All 50 States If 'The Gays Keep Getting Married'
Sex Dramatically Increase Chances Of Pregnancy, Indiana University Study
Genius Study Confirms More Sex Might Make You More Likely to Get Pregnant
Kanye West: I Face Discrimination For Not Being Gay
Ohio man calls cops to complain he got too high on marijuana; officers find him surrounded by snacks
Anti-Vaxx Group Wants to Know Why Study They Funded Shows No Link Between Vaccines and Autism
Cancel Your Plans Because The World Is Ending TODAY, Christian Group Claims
800-Pound Man Kicked Out of Hospital for Ordering Pizza
Italian priest blames 'love-seeking children' for paedophilia
Indian Govt to set up labs at ports to check illegal cow meat export
Abbas: Israel to blame for violence, not Palestinians
Amazon Prime is wreaking havoc on college mailrooms
Florida man stumps neighbors by covering home in aluminum foil
Dolphins coach Dan Campbell held 'sacrificial ritual' on Wed.
Cops find man who said he was too stoned surrounded by Doritos
Cheetos wants to encourage people to 'pause and think what political discourse has come to' by running its cheetah brand ambassador for mayor in Montana
Amazon Prime causes massive influx of packages, forces college to rethink mailroom
Urban Outfitters' Fall Strategy: Asking Employees To Work For Free
Own goal for French station as feminist ad pulled for being sexist
KFC Says 'Sorry' To Customer Whose Gravy Pot Told Her To F*** Off
Student Amazon orders flood on-campus mailrooms
Bill Belichick: 'What were you, on SnapFace there?'
Canadian Tire closing head offices Friday to celebrate Jays playoff game
Walthamstow: Girl 'riot' in Hoe Street shuts down east London district [Video]
Florida witches are pissed at sheriff's office for blaming recent triple murder on Wiccans
Vasectomy Dr named Dick Chopp
U.S. Officials Probe Use of Toyota Trucks by Islamic Extremists
Vladimir Putin's supporters praise him as Gandhi and Buddha
Stephon Marbury says Michael Jordan is 'robbing the hood' with sneakers
New app for marijuana delivery sponsored by Snoop Dogg
Witches say they're not linked to Triple Murder
Tennessee council member introduces resolution to ask God not to smite county over same-sex marriage
Putin Universe exhibition hits Moscow and London
Ex-teammate: Hawks' Thabo Sefolosha was giving cash to homeless when he was arrested
Burger King customers spooked by green poop after eating the Halloween Whopper
Ohio man calls 911 to complain he 'smoked too much weed'
UConn student arrested over bacon-jalapeno mac and cheese
Inmates defeat Harvard debate team
Man arrested after calling 911 when girlfriend would not sleep with him
'Transphobic' feminist Julie Bindel banned from Manchester student union talk on free speech
Wanted woman hides in portable toilet sewage tank, police say
'Sluts Against Harper' Will Send You Nudes for Voting
Naked Man Arrested for Bathing in Fountain Outside Library of Congress
Woman punched by CHP officer arrested again on same freeway
Man Calls Police To Complain He's Too High
Some Children Just Can't Stop Themselves From Tempting Innocent Pedophiles, Explains Priest on Live TV
Call Her Legislate-ney: Britney Spears Has Inspired New NJ Bill
Man who calls cops to say he's 'too high' found in pile of Doritos
Mother refuses to give her type-1 daughter insulin, fears she will become "dependent" on it
Meet The Healthy, Functioning Man Who Survived With Almost No Brain
Italy priest sanctioned for blaming children for pedophilia
Boy, 11, Reportedly Shoots Dead 8-Year-Old Neighbor After She Said He Couldn't See Her Puppy
Pee wee football players 'Whip/Nae Nae,' forget they are in middle of game.
Canada rolls out a universal car horn language
800-pound man claims he was kicked out of hospital for ordering pizza
Journalists banned from U.K. university's debate on censorship
Good woman with a gun shoots up Home Depot parking lot trying to take down suspected shoplifters
Actor Brian Blessed bit through woman's umbilical cord to deliver baby in park
Italian Priest Dismissed After Blaming Children for Sexual Abuse
Update: Yiannopoulos also banned from censorship event
It's coming: Big storm to pound B.C. coast Thanksgiving weekend
Harvard's Prestigious Debate Team Loses to Group of Inmates
South Africa beats USA 64-1
Tired of Buzzfeed stealing its content, Reddit has launched a new site to steal its own content as well
Oregon gunman killed himself after police shot him
Matt Barnes drove 95 miles to 'beat the s-t' out of Derek Fisher
Jilted girlfriend suffers serious burns after 'pouring acid over her ex while she was sat behind him on his motorbike and it blew into her own face.
Woman Arrested After Doing Yoga On Metro Tracks
Husband has lived in his front yard for six months after wife kicked him to the curb
Having more sex makes the female body more fertile, US scientists discover
Ashley Benson Criticized for Instagramming a Cecil the Lion Halloween Costume
No, John Kasich, I don't want Taylor Swift tickets
James Franco has bar mitzvah at 37
Man in a banana suit tosses a banana inside Prescott Valley business
El Chapo Is Reportedly Offering $100 Million for the Capture of Donald Trump "Dead or Alive"
Journalists Banned From Event On Whether Feminism Suppresses Free Speech For Offending Feminists
Putin's Hockey Party for His Birthday - Video
Nauru 'safer than Australia', local justice minister claims
Vladimir Putin scores seven goals in birthday ice hockey game
Jack White crashed his neighborhood potluck, and no one recognized him
More Sex Could Be Key To Pregnancy - Study
"Geris Hilton:" Man At Center Of Racist Facebook Thread Speaks Exclusively To Rise News, Feels Victimized
n Carson says he would have charged Oregon community college gunman
Ben Carson says he would have charged Oregon community college gunman
Harvard University debate team loses to New York inmates
Controversial Westboro Baptist Church plans to picket OU National Weather Center
You can now buy 'Netflix and Chill' branded condoms
Online romance ends with baseball bat attack on 1st date
Man named 'Something Long and Complicated' proves identity to Facebook
In Honor Of His 63rd, Putin Plays Hockey And Is Painted As The Buddha
'It's basically a bunch of autistic people wandering around' - Michael Lewis on Silicon Valley
Florida principle hypnotizes students, "resulting" in 3 deaths, fined $600,000
Human head brought to Florida Publix
Domino's Opens Its First Pizza Restaurant in Italy
Florida Schools Settle With Parents of Three Teens Who Died After Hypnosis by Principal
olorado Springs mayor shocked to learn that voter information pamphlet claims don't have to be true
'Too high' man calls 911, is found lying in pile of Doritos
Colorado Springs mayor shocked to learn that voter information pamphlet claims don't have to be true
Expert: Woman should not have fired gun at shoplifter
Wild mac and cheese rant leads to college student's arrest
School board agrees to pay out $600,000 to families of three students who died suddenly after being hypnotized by principal
There is now a Halloween costume of Ahmed Mohamed, the 'clock bomb boy'
Man who weighs 800 pounds says he was kicked out of hospital for ordering pizza
Paparazzi Photos Finally End the Mystery of Justin Bieber's Dick
Anti-Vaxxer Group Funds Study That Finds Vaccinations to Be Safe
Irving woman: 'Good Samaritan' robbed me after car crash
Airbus Files Patent to Seat People on Top of Each Other
Alabama woman sentenced to 10 years for Stiillbrith.
Air Force Dental Tech Fired After Being Accused of Witchcraft
Kim Jong Un Wants North Korea to Host World Cup Despite Crippling Poverty
Urban Outfitters parent company asks employees to work for free Read more at http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/style/Urban-Outfitters-parent-company-asks-employees-work-for-free.html#hGPiOaayux3TRD3f.99
A gay male journalist and a female journalist have been banned from University of Manchester's Free Speech and Secular Society event "Does modern feminism have a problem with free speech?" for disagreeing with the Society
Pieces of Hot Dog Injected With Rat Poison Found on Suburban Lawns
800-pound man says hospital kicked him out for ordering pizza
Alan and Helen Knight jailed over fake coma court con
Tarantula found crossing road on Ottawa residential street
World's worst sneezing fit - could you handle sneezing 12,000 times a day?
Daniel Craig Says He'd Rather Kill Himself Than Do Another James Bond Movie
Daniel Craig: I'd Rather 'Slash My Wrists' Than Do Another James Bond Movie
Sam Bradford is struggling because his butt isn't strong enough, according to personal trainer
Good-value homes in Sydney for less than $1.5 million
School Board Settles With Families of Students Who Died After Being Hypnotized by Principal
Sex is more likely on days college students use marijuana or binge drink
Is Your Refrigerator Running? No, Really, You Won a Nobel Prize
Trả lời câu hỏi mua đồng hồ OP ở đâu cho bạn
Families Of Teens Who Died After Hypnosis By Principal Will Get $600,000
Placebo Effect Grows in U.S., Thwarting Development of Painkillers
Tory candidate Sabrina Zuniga says ground will absorb oil spills
LAPD officers feared ambush after rap video
Student appears to mimic Donald Trump in racist text message chain about black class president
Fluorite stone color sorting video mingder Brand--hefei mingde optoelect...
This Woman Just Changed Harry Potter For Her Kids. Seriously.
Tshwane metro cop allegedly pulls knife on man
PITZER SENATE: "YACHT CLUB" IS TOO OFFENSIVE
Vladamir Putin scores 7 goals on his birthday in a hockey game with ex-NHL players, business leaders and government officials
Crematory evacuated due to fire in oven (dutch article)
Swiss TV Station Replaces Cameras with iPhones and Selfie Sticks
Italian priest blames paedophilia on children 'seeking affection'.
Man Calls Police Because He's Too Stoned, They Find Him Covered In Doritos
Ohio Man Gets Too Stoned on Weed, Calls Police: Surrounded by Doritos. And goldfish. And cookies.
India court clears allegations against dog in domestic abuse case
Italian priest Don Gino Flaim blames paedophilia on children 'seeking affection' on live TV
This Girl Has Sneezed 20 Times a Minute for Last Month
D.C. mayor's staffer in religious affairs arrested for drug distribution
Police Killed More Americans In 2014 Than All U.S. Mass Shootings Combined
Rupert Murdoch wants a 'real black president', endorses Ben Carson
Breitbart's Milo Yiannopoulos banned from university debate about...censorship
Kanye West: I hate blue
Congress reportedly investigating possible intel lapses over Russian presence in Syria
Facebook relents: 'Something Long and Complicated' is NOT a fake name
Somnath Bharti's pet dog gets clean chit from Delhi court
Iain Duncan Smith has blamed 9/11 for helping ruin his career as Tory leader
Man Arrested for Stealing Sugar From Williamsburg Synagogue, NYPD Says.
Man calls 911 saying he was 'too high on weed', surrounded by Doritos and cookies
Morrisons inadvertently creates 'food porn' as Rugby World Cup-themed pizza resembles something ruder
Can you tell why people think this Morrisons rugby-themed pizza is rude?
Police defend use of SNIPERS at anti-austerity march saying they're 'better than binoculars'
Rupert Murdoch implies Obama not 'real black president'
High school principal found liable for wrongful deaths of 3 students after he hypnotized them.
Rupert Murdoch longs for 'real black President'
Canada edged out of Top 10 in quality of death report
Google's parent company Alphabet now owns abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.com
Evelynn | League of legends hentai
Adorable smartphone robot RoBoHoN is our new BFF
Despite having wheels stolen, SUV gets parking ticket: 'I can't believe it'
An Alarming Number Of People Think "The Martian" Is A True Story
Women's Rights Activists Storm Premiere of Film About Women's Rights
Australian man drives into sea in attempt to escape cops
Florida school district to pay $600,000 over death of students who were hypnotized by principal
Urban Outfitters parent company asks employees to work for free
Want to live to 116? Eat bacon every day
How a Gay Conservative and Radical Feminist Were Banned From a College's Feminism Debate
Titanic survivor: world's most valuable biscuit up for auction
Westboro Baptist Church group to protest in Norman against 'science'
Man who calls police to say he's 'too high' found in pile of Doritos
ISIS soldiers told to rape women 'to make them Muslim'
800-pound man orders pizza, booted from hospital
School district reaches settlement with families of students who died after being hypnotized by principal
Leaked e-mail shows Canada's foreign ministry is pissed staff are leaking secret docs
Three teens died after being hypnotized by their principal
Kim Jong-un insists inherited rule best for a socialist state
School board settles over principal hypnotizing students
Saudi husband is caught groping and forcing himself on his maid after his suspicious wife set up a hidden camera... but now SHE faces going to jail
Antonin Scalia Serenaded Ruth Bader Ginsburg Over Gay Marriage Ruling With Bob Dylan Song
PM covers nude statue to spare Sheikh's blushes
Hope for Tanzania's albino attack survivors
Man Lying In Doritos, Goldfish And Chips Ahoy Tells Cops, 'I'm Too High'
Goat sacrifice fallout: Seminole County Libertarian Party disbands
Man sued council over broken ankle... Because they turned-off the street lights
$600K settlement awarded to families of high school students who died after being hypnotized by principal.
Man driven to death by phone scammers
British Students Ban Feminist Writer Julie Bindel From Panel on Feminism's Free Speech Problem
Captured ISIS fighter has full map of targets for Berlin takeover
Tennessee Boy, 11, Fatally Shot 8-Year-Old Girl After She Refused to Let Him See Her Puppy
Airman Spencer Stone, France Train Terror Hero, stabbed repeatedly upon returning to the US
Man caught cheating with maid - and his wife may go to prison for releasing the video
France train terror hero stabbed in US
Forestry minister manages to start forest fire, may need to find another job
Area Man Pickets MFA Because He Hates French Impressionist Paintings Of Renoir
Drunken Vegetarians Are Sometimes Secret Meat-Eaters
Panthers' Josh Norman provides gummy bears to aid Luke Kuechly's return
Rick Moranis Reveals Why He Turned Down 'Ghostbusters' Reboot: "It Makes No Sense to Me"
Florida school pays $600000 after students die following principal's hypnosis
Spencer Stone, hero in French train attack, is stabbed in Sacramento
Ohio man who called 911 after he "smoked too much weed" surrounded by junk food in his room
French Train Attack Hero Spencer Stone Stabbed
Football manager sacked for doing TV punditry... while his team were playing
Jefferson County school board president Ken Witt files ethics complaint against himself
Hospital Evicts 800-Pound Man for Ordering Pizza
Sex assault activists upset reality doesn't conform to their beliefs
News Crew Kicked Out of McDonald's While Giving McDonald's Free Advertising
Women legislators turn the tables and introduce bills regulating men's reproductive health
Spencer Stone: France train terror hero stabbed in US
A third of 'vegetarians' eat meat when drunk on a night out
Vladimir Putin plays hockey on his birthday, coincidentally scores 7 goals
U.S. hero of French train attack stabbed in Calif.
More people have died while taking selfies than have been killed by sharks so far this year
In China, every citizen is being assigned a credit score that drops if a person buys and plays video games, or posts political comments online "without prior permission," or even if social media "friends" do so.
Rupert Murdoch Suggests Barack Obama Is Either Not Really Black or Not Really President
The world did not end, despite Doomsday predictions
Hypnotist principal faces questions after suicides
Candidate Bernie Sanders Visits Senior Center, Dominates Bridge Tournament
Selfies vs Shark Attacks: Which Are More Deadly for Travelers?
Man Calls Cops On Himself After Getting "Too High" And Was Found Surrounded By Doritos
France Train Attack Hero Stabbed
Putin Scores Seven Hockey Goals for Birthday
Cyclist reported to police after Rubik's Cube video goes viral
How much could a 103-year-old cracker be worth?
Digg Is the New Reddit
Hopsin tries to make fun of Future, accidentally makes his best song ever
Dick Cheney endorses Kevin McCarthy for House speaker. McCarthy quits.
Florida man set up fake job interviews, collected urine samples, police say
Halloween Decor That Looks Like Fallen Body Brings Emergency Responders To Front Yard In Detroit
The Prosecutor Who Handled the Darren Wilson Case Just Won Missouri's "Prosecutor of the Year" Award
Man calls police to complain that he is too high
Senator Harry Reid Sues Exercise Band Company Over His Injuries
GM's Windshield Wipers Can Catch Fire in Recalled Trucks
Playmobil says 'racist' toy is meant to be a pirate who is a former slave
South Park residents concerned about new Target Express store
Bodybuilder hits out at 'racist' Purple Aki nickname as he's convicted of touching young man's muscles
Woman claims inmate stalking her from inside jail
Girl's 911 call as dad killed by car helps mom get job back
Ohio Man Gets High, Calls Cops on Himself
Donald Trump goes to Supreme Court over Menie Wind Farm, Fears the Turbine Plan Will Impact on his Golf Course
Billy Corgan Quits Twitter, Starts Blog, Announces TNA Wrestling Tournament
Urban Outfitters Is Still Figuring Out This Whole Having Employees Thing
Leader of Christian group adjusts incorrect doomsday prediction: 'Soon'
Jeb says you don't pass pool fence laws after a child drowns, except that's what he did as Florida's governor
2 weeks after controversial pharma CEO Martin Shkreli announced he would lower the price of Daraprim, it's the exact same price
Teen charged after he threatened to kill all the girls in his school, because he was unable to get nude photos.
Jersey City, Port Authority cops show support for priest charged with pointing gun at child: report
Massachusetts Police Force Will Use Pink Handcuffs for 'Brest Cancer Awareness'
Mother says toy pirate ship figurine is racist
Mom punishes homophobic son by making him walk around Walmart in a tutu
Florida Settles With Families of Teens Who Died Shortly After Their Principal Hypnotized Them
Armed guards protect Senate Democrats as they demand new gun-control laws
Jefferson County school board president Ken Witt seeks ethics opinion on himself
Seven Percent of Americans Think It's OK For Police To Take Your Stuff, No Charges Needed
Study Suggests Adolf Hitler Had Jewish and African Ancestors
Syria crisis: Russian missiles "fell on Iran"
Fox News founder Rupert Murdoch suggests Obama isn't 'real black president' on Twitter
Ford introduces its most advanced and luxurious truck ever
Mayor seeks pardon for an Italian 'witch' executed 300 years ago
Donald Trump goes to Supreme Court over Menie wind farm
800-Pound Man Says He Was Booted From Hospital For Ordering Pizza "It's an addiction and I realize that."
800-Pound Man Orders Pizza, Gets Kicked Out Of Hospital
A homeless man reported a dead body by carrying the skull into a Florida Publix and using it as a puppet
U.S. Says Russian Missiles Intended For Syria Have Crashed In Iran
German Village Politely Requests Migrants Use Toilets And Not Harass Women... Accused of Racism
Saudi Arabia Continues Hiring Spree of American Lobbyists, Public Relations Experts
Hopsin Tries to Make Fun of Future, Accidentally Makes His Best Song Ever | NOISEY
VIPD Asking For Help in Identifying Man Who Set Chicken On Fire
Florida teens die after being hypnotized by principal: School, families reach settlement
12-year-old Texas girl can't stop sneezing
iPhone TV Camera: News station to use Apple smartphone for newscasts
News station replaces traditional TV cameras with iPhones and selfie sticks
It's not news but it inclused Bacon!
Eton College: The Dub Step Society
In aircraft manufacturer's new design plan, passengers will be stacked on top of each other, with a second level of seats above the heads of those seated on the floor.
Mum sent revenge porn pictures of woman who slept with her love-rat boyfriend while she was in labour - Mirror Online
Idaho teen threatened to "Kill all the girls" because they wouldn't send him any "freaking nudes"
Teenager Develops Allergy To School, Sent Home To Prevent Building Killing Her
That Awkward Moment When One Nobel Peace Prize Winner Bombs Another
Columbia Student Opens "Restaurant" In His Dorm Room
A third of vegetarians own up to eating meat on nights out
Convicted Murderer Carves His Penis Into the Shape of Egyptian Serpent
Parents, Students Say 3rd Grader Terrorizing East Bay Elementary School
Ben Carson Suggests Holocaust Would Have Been Less Likely if Jews Were Armed
Surprising Number of Drunk Vegetarians Secretly Eat Meat
Urban Outfitters asks salaried workers to 'volunteer' for a weekend shift
There's a bong in there ... Alex Papps lights up Play School with familiar contraption
'Smart Menstrual Cup' Looncup Deciphers Your Flow
Play School goes viral after host accidentally makes 'bong'
Man from South Carolina jailed over illicit cartoons
Man gets checked out for possible shark attack, doctors find tumor
pencer Stone, hero in French train attack, stabbed in California
Spencer Stone, hero in French train attack, stabbed in California
High School QB Suspended for Inappropriately Touching Center While Getting Snap
Convicted Murderer Carves Penis to Look Like an Egyptian God
Oklahoma halts executions after using wrong drug on inmate
Top L.A. County Sheriff's official bought stolen Audi
Police: Teen left court docs about auto theft in stolen car
Man who weighs 60 STONE kicked out of hospital for ordering a pizza
Hindu nationalist MPs attack assembly member for serving beef at party
Flames and Canucks Throw Down 2 Seconds into 1st Game of NHL Season
18 year old girl becomes possessed by Satan after using iPhone app
Just stumbled upon a controversial pirate ship with slaves while Christmas shopping....
Off-duty Dallas officer pulls up to doughnut shop moments before robbery
Mom says Playmobil play-set comes with racist instructions
Middleburg woman escapes from Jacksonville police cruiser, but headstone stops chase
Police: Florida man steals two cars, brings one to police station
U.S. Navy teaching members to combat 'male privilege'
Venomous Canadian Caterpillar Spotted In Pennsylvania
17 year old girl charged with aggravated robbery after a couple says she robbed them... while they were selling her marijuana.
Citing Joe Biden's 'Wishes,' Pro-Biden Group Will Not Air Ad Recounting the Deaths of His First Wife and His Daughter
Ben Carson tells CNN the Holocaust would have gone differently if the Jews had guns
Some People Think The Martian Is Based on a True Story According to Twitter
800-Pound Man Says He Was Booted From Hospital For Ordering Pizza
Police Using Pink Handcuffs, Wearing New Pins For Breast Cancer Awareness Month
Bristol Palin Freaks Out About Girls Getting Free Birth Control
Urban Outfitters asks employees to work for free
Woman rams police cars, says her name is 'faith, hope and love'
Scientists say they can predict if someone is gay with 70℅ accuracy by looking at DNA
Woman does donuts in intersection, rams cop car, flips her sedan. She then tells police her name is "faith, hope, and love" and begun singing about Jesus. Videos in comments
Proof. India was the first to develop laptop along with Internet,Wi-Fi and FaceTime in 1952
Fight over dog poop leads to fatal machete attack, shooting, neighbor says
1 in 3 vegetarians admits to eating meat when drunk.
Ben Carson Says Holocaust Would Have Been 'Greatly Diminished' if Jews Had Guns
China opens Communist Party theme park
Greenfield Mass Police Dept to Use Pink Handcuffs for Breast Cancer Awareness
Kanye West says he faces discrimination in fashion industry for being straight
1 in 3 vegetarians eat meat when drunk
Jeb Bush: I did not smoke weed with Patriots coach Bill Belichick
Florida Judge Jails Domestic Abuse Victim for Not Testifying
Cat Poop Coffee Brews Up Animal Rights Controversy
Carson suggests that gun rights might have changed history for Jews in WWII
Steve Rannazzisi Seeking Professional Help for 9/11 Lie
Some Cheerios recalled for not being 'gluten free'.
Popularity of 'Putin the Shiite' sky high in Iraq
Fred Durst is seeking Russian citizenship and planning a move to Moscow.
800-pound man kicked out of hospital after ordering pizza
This Company Is Selling Fall Leaves for $20
Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst Wants Russian Citizenship
Televangelist: Satanic temples are hidden in Planned Parenthood clinics as 'legal cover' for child sacrifice
A Venezuelan Governor Is Telling Hungry People to Eat Fried Rocks
Ben Carson claims Jewish people might have stopped Holocaust if they had guns
800-Pound Man Says Hospital Kicked Him Out for Ordering a Pizza
800-Pound Man Booted From Rhode Island Hospital After Ordering Pizza
Dori has a problem with 'yoga for people of color' class
University of Toronto Dumps Transgender Bathrooms After Peeping Incidents
False alarm everyone, Dundee is not offering blow jobs
Dopey crook drops bag containing drugs in shop...and is then arrested by cops when he returns to look for it
GINSBURG: Scalia burst into a Bob Dylan song the night after the big gay marriage ruling
University of Connecticut serving up crickets at food truck
Stoned Dude Calls Cops on Himself, Is Found Surrounded With Doritos
Hear it for yourself: 911 call released from Ohio man 'too high' on pot
Champion Harvard debate team lose to inmates of New York prison.
Texas Man Smoked 'Spice' And Ate The Family Dog While It Was Still Alive
Hungarian Photographer Slammed for 'Migrant Chic' Fashion Shoot
Project Bandra By Radius | More Details Call On : 8879274973
"Sluts Against Harper" sends nudes to you for voting (against Harper)
'Sex toy could have chipped a tooth!' Tranmere keeper thought object thrown from crowd was a carrot
BY RADIUS- THE PROJECT BANDRA | Call On : 8879274973
Ben Carson says Jews may have stopped Holocaust if they had guns
Russia will blow up a plane...to "prove" it did not blow up a plane
The NRA Requires More Background Checks for its Employees Than for Gun Owners
Woman sings about Jesus after ramming two police cars
Republican candidate suggests that gun rights might have prevented the Holocaust
BY RADIUS- THE PROJECT BANDRA
Gingrich open to return to Speakership
The Bavarian Forestry Minister Started a Forest Fire in His Own Backyard
Bavarian firemen called to forest fire started by state's own forestry minister
Despite Having Wheels Stolen, SUV Gets Parking Ticket
After striking 2 patrol cars, woman IDs self as 'faith, hope & love'
After "true story" debacle, there's a Gofundme to rescue Matt Damon from Mars.
Man Yells "F*** Alligators" Before Jumping Into River, Gets Immediately Killed By Alligator.
High School QB Suspended For 'Inappropriately Touching' Center
Comcast puts data cap on unlimited plans in Georgia
Adult Film Star Launches 'Porn University' For Aspiring Adult Film Stars
Exclusive: Uber checks connections between hacker and Lyft
Egg McNothin': Why All-Day Breakfast Is Bad for America's Soul
Ohio man gets 'too high,' calls police
Police Investigating Dead Body Found in Porta-Potty Outside Bengals Stadium
Florida 'online troll' charged in alleged plot to bomb 9/11 memorial event in Kansas City
Ageless Slim | Ageless Slim Review
Police: Florida man charged in job scam; stole identities, urine
Google buys domain abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.com
'Duck lane' created beside canal to promote manners
Republican Ben Carson Says Holocaust Would Not Have Happened If Jews Were Armed
ANGRY FLORIDA WOMAN ARRESTED FOR STEALING BOYFRIEND'S FAKE TEETH
Watch out for aggressive meat salesman, police tell Dripping Springs
Kim Jong Un Has Won a Real Statesperson Prize From a Nation That Is Not North Korea
Ben Carson says guns may have stopped Holocaust - BBC News
Ben Carson says guns may have stopped Holocaust
Ozzie the eagle dead after live-streamed lovers duel in Florida
Robber uses bow and arrow to hold up 7-Eleven in Virginia
Slave collar on children's play toy
Partita+> Chiasso - Inter in Diretta St-reaming 09-10-2015
Absurd Creature of the Week: This Marsupial Has Marathon Sex Until It Goes Blind and Drops Dead
Dark-skinned toy figure on Playmobil pirate ship has 'slave collar,' mom says
Britain's booziest duck injured in bar room brawl with a dog
Devon's booziest duck fights for life after pub brawl
Children's train at Eastwood Mall smashes through department store
Parents claim realistic Halloween display is scaring their kids
Russian Motorist with Bear Not Charged Because It Had Seatbelt On
Liza Minnelli takes 200 mile Uber journey to concert, driven by former Egyptian Olympic Handballer
Democratic Congressman Posts Craigslist Ad for a New GOP Speaker of House
Montreal Group Called "Sluts Against Harper" Will Send You Nude Pics If You Vote
Rape by 2 men not gangrape: Karnataka Home Minister K J George
China Shoots Missile at Typhoon
North Korea's Kim Jong-un given peace award
Congress to Eliminate Billions in Wall Street Subsidies to Fund Repair of Nation's Highways
NASA's plan to save the world from an asteroid? Ram it with a rocket, of course!
Police: Florida teen left court docs about auto theft in stolen car
World's first laundry-folding robot unveiled in Japan
Woman Pleads Guilty to Killing Man Named Paris Hilton
Laundroid, the laundry-folding robot of our dreams, is slightly ominous in real life
Photo addict, 23, spends FIVE HOURS a night editing her snaps to find one perfect shot... and says she is too absorbed to have a boyfriend.
Raven-Symoné Is Against Hiring People With "Ghetto" Names
Ohio Man Calls Police to Say He's 'Too High' on Marijuana; Is Found in Pile of Doritos, Chips Ahoy Cookies
Domestic Abuse Victim Jailed For Not Testifying Against Her Attacker
Lispy duck: Owners fear for singing bird's beak after drunken pub brawl with dog
Judge jails domestic abuse victim for failing to testify against her attacker
Britain's booziest duck recovering after being injured in bar brawl with a dog
He Must Be Quackers: Dog Takes Out Duck In Bar Brawl
Why the black Whopper turns your poop green
Florida woman's eye glued shut after mix-up involving super glue and eye drops
Florida man brings human skull into a Publix, used it as a puppet.
Man Sets Himself on Fire in Walmart Parking Lot
Bristol Palin Speaks Out Against Girls Getting Free Birth Control
Even Uber drivers are now protesting against Uber in France
Homeless man brings human skull into grocery store.
Airbus Wants To Literally Seat Plane Passengers On Top Of Each Other
Woman says eye was super glued shut by accident, stuck that way
Governor signs law making cheerleading a sport
Ohio man calls cops to say he is 'too high,' found in pile of Doritos
Fla. man brings human skull to Publix
University of Toronto alters bathroom policy after two reports of voyeurism | Toronto Star
Ex-Chicago public schools chief to plead guilty in contract kickback scheme
Thousands stuck in traffic jam on 50-lane highway in Beijing
Bratton Catches Weed Smoker Red-Handed on Wall Street
Man Says Eating Burger King's Halloween Whopper Is 'Worth The Side Effect'
Thousands of cars stuck in Beijing traffic jam on 50-lane highway
Trump Superfan: 'I'm Hispanic ... We Vote For Mr. Trump'
Black burger, green poop: Why Halloween Whopper has odd effect
Today I realized that Newspaper is dead.
California high schools to learn 'yes means yes' sex policy
It's official, lead has no health benefit
Cat used by S.F. cops to coax suicidal man off building ledge
Finally, the government has decided to eliminate pork - from federal prisons
This lake in India is straight out of a horror movie
Clemson University apologizes for serving Mexican food.
Dispute Over Dog Poop In Florida Leads To Deadly Machete Attack
Declassified secret photos of Venus showing proof of life on Venus.
Toys for Tots struggles to find warehouse space amid pot boom
Democratic congressman posts Craigslist ad for Republican Speaker job on Facebook page
Burger King's new black burger reportedly turns your poop green
Fred Durst is planning to move to Moscow and seek Russian citizenship.
First edition of King James Bible from 1611 found in church cupboard
Ohio Man Gets Too Stoned on Weed, Calls Police
Suspected Car Thief Drives Stolen Car to Police Station
Putin's Missiles Take Out Terrorist Iranian Cows
Cruella Deville Gets Her Own Movie, Written by 50 Shades of Grey Screenwriter
Obama appoints Muslim Brotherhood-linked Muslim to head "Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications"
Freedom of information commission not very free with its information
Prisoners Surprised by Reaction After Defeating Harvard in Debate
Local man tells all after being banned from Mellow Mushroom
Feds Spend $60,000 for Play About First Gay President Who Fights Zombies in WH Basement
India lawmakers kick and punch colleague who served beef at party (video)
"Yes, I drank the goat's blood": Libertarian senate candidate also promises a second Civil War if elected
Florida Libertarian Senate Candidate Admits to Sacrificing Goat and Drinking Its Blood
Small-town Texas newspaper duped by police, reports 'Mickey Mouse' arrested for burglary
Republican candidate wants to drug test seniors on medicare.
Complaint: Bus driver high while driving thru corn field
Is Hermione Granger White?
Dark-skinned Playmobil pirate-ship doll wearing 'slave collar' ignites outrage
Seattle will now post "Guilt and Shame" stickers on gas pumps to let drivers know they are killing the earth
Stephen Hawking Says We Should Really Be Scared Of Capitalism, Not Robots
Republican wants to drug test seniors on medicare.
Defense attorney: Woman who killed boyfriend was trying to save his life
Gun-free Zones Contribute to Mass Slayings, Say Many Experts
Minecraft streamer buys $4.5 million mansion
Tweet puts Clemson in 'sorry' mode for campus Mexican food night
Toronto cyclist slaps a pedestrian. Pedestrian gets into car and allegedly runs him over
Frozen chook: Naked people are pretending to be chickens in public
Cyclist Slaps Pedestrian who then Gets in His Car and Runs Him Down
Raven-Symone Says She'd Discriminate Against "Ghetto" Names, Gets Slammed on Twitter
Raven-Symoné Rips Black Names, But Forgot About Her Own
Scientist Takes First-Ever Photo of Rare Bird, Then Kills It in the Name of Science
Boy, 11, asks girl, 8, to see her puppies. She declines. He shoots and kills her.
Obama visits Roseburg Or to support community and is greeted with protesters carrying "Go Back To Kenya" signs among others.
Bizarre animal which appears to be a mix between a crocodile and buffalo found in Thailand
Community in shock after discovering local high school students trading sex for memes
Squirrel Survives Hurricane To Become Family's Most Adorable Member
Chevy unveils Golden Corral Edition truck
Captain boots air marshal from his plane after he rushed into cockpit to complain over spilled drink
Man arrested after Rapid City rampage with bulldozer
DUI Suspect Tells Police 'My Dog was Driving the Car'
BBC Reporter Filming Report On Female Harassment Is Interrupted By Man Doing Exactly That
Florida man brings human skull to Publix
Dog poop leads to fatal machete attack, shooting
SF police use cat to coax suicidal man off building ledge
Feminist who proposed that men be put in camps cries "misogyny" when banned from a debate
Man Walks Around the Street With Severed Head of Wife He Allegedly Beheaded.
Leader Of 'Renoir Sucks' Movement Challenges Critic To A Duel To The Death
Raven-Symoné: 'I am very discriminatory' about some black names
Police investigate after Florida homeless man brings human skull into Publix grocery store
Cowboys lasso rogue cow who has evaded capture by police for months in upstate New York
Uber driver attacked after being set up by cabbies, court told
Woman arrested after yoga performance on live train tracks
Get Good Professional supply chain management degree online
Saudi woman posts video of husband sexually abusing maid - and now faces jail
Man ingests Marijuana in front of judge before speaking.
What a Shot! 10-Year Old Girl Kills Huge Alligator With Crossbow
Valeant Pharmaceuticals CEO: We're in Business of Shareholder Profit, not Helping the Sick
Avoiding Risky Seas, Migrants Reach Europe With an Arctic Bike Ride
EPA's fondness for high-end furniture costs taxpayers $92 million
Thousands stuck in 50-lane traffic jam in Beijing
The Pope's new 'comedic advisor' is a rabbi
Adobe has developed an algorithm to remove the annoying tourists from your photos
Leak site Cryptome accidentally leaks its own visitor IP addresses
Catholic priest says in some cases paedophilia is the child's fault. BONUS: says he could 'understand' paedophilia but not the 'sickness' of homesexuality.
DMV: Tesla collided into Google robot car
Mum checked Facebook while son drowned
Parents surprise their son with an 'expiration of child-rearing services' for his 20th birthday
Tesco puts security tags on plastic bags due to '5p thefts'
Fedora-wearing bank robbery suspect claims law invalid, will represent himself
How the traditional publishing industry is killing books
Porn movie shot at high school prompts filming ban in Los Angeles
Senator Harry Reid she's excercise band company over face, rib and eye injuries
India: Leading anti-beef crusader owned a meat exporting company
NDP duped Alberta voters, Wildrose finance critic says
Local Man Performs Last Search For Weird Porn Before Data Retention Starts
Steven Seagal Thinks Many Mass Shootings Are "Engineered" by the Government
He' got lowest voice in the world [So low you can't hear it. Listen!]
That study claiming '1 in 3 vegetarians eat meat when drunk' is completely fake and bogus
Connecticut university student arrested over mac and cheese confrontation
Kanye West tweets anger at in-app purchases on kids games
Detroit woman's Halloween decoration prompts repeated police visits
Hindu woman fired from US military for 'witchcraft'
L.A. Unified suspends commercial filming at schools after reports of damage, porn movie
Porn star Rocco Siffredi launching "porn university" - will also be filmed as a reality TV show entitled "Siffredi hard academy"
Woman Mistakenly Glues Her Eye Shut With Super Glue
Mother jailed after son drowned as she checked Facebook
Captain Morgan plans to launch people via cannon to bars around Ontario.
GOP environment forum in Manchester canceled for lack of participants
GM tells drivers not to use windshield wipers in some SUVs
Man who turned his dead cat into a drone now plans to create a cow helicopter
The Dude Who Built a Dead Cat Drone Will Make a Cow Helicopter Next
Artist who turned dead cat into drone plans to build a cow helicopter
Stumbling through Texas its Shia LaBeouf!
Zimbabwe blocks Nigerian prophet who said Mugabe would die
Police say Waterboro man wearing wig assaulted woman with cattle prod
Man in Celebration, Florida is selling his $1.2M home for $285 and a 300-word essay
California College Denies Student Yacht Club, Says Yacht Clubs Are Offensive
Canadians want to build a wall, too - to keep Americans out
Girls will send you nudes to not vote for the Conservative Party of Canada and its leader Stephen Harper. Go Canada Go!
Man fatally shot after he hit deputy with crossbow
What Happened When Woman Said 'Bristol Palin Is An Idiot' - Not Realizing She Was Talking to Bristol
China's first Tibetan language search engine to debut mid 2016
ctor dressed as Hitler on the streets of Germany tells how people begged him to bring back labour camps and posed for selfies with him as right-wing extremism surges in the country
North Korea says it is ready for war with US
Cocks not glocks: Dildos to replace guns at UT-Austin campus carry protest
Mozilla changes content encoding type "bro" to "br" due to gender issues
Man, 53, calls 911 to complain that his girlfriend would not have sex with him
London cabbies begin petition to ban walking
Randy Quaid detained in Vermont trying to cross border
Serbia: Villagers 'threaten Islam conversion' for church
Most worker ants are slackers
Fresno State College excusing Muslim students from classes for safety from Anti-Muslim protests on campus
Domino's Pizza Comes to Italy
College student denies club, claims 'Yacht' is offensive
Calgary driver honks for 40 seconds at cyclist doing nothing wrong
Domino's brings American pizza to Italy
Man who handed out fake parking tickets 'just wanted a job' - Aidan Thompson said he was just trying to get into the freelance parking enforcement business
Armed Robbery Suspect Tries Using Uber as Getaway Car
Jaguar 'too fat to mate' to be sent back
Local woman dead after brain freeze from ice cream shop
Serial Stroud shoplifter 'drives off with security guard in boot
Group gathers at Boston's museum of fine arts to protest art from a painter who died in 1919.
Trapped petrol station burglary suspect calls 999 for help
Axel of car ripped off ripped off due to weight of two women in back seat. Driver decides to continue driving 5 MPH down highway for 4 miles.
Suicide Bombings Kill 95 People at Peace Rally
Indy woman uses medieval combat training, sword to stop intruder
Group gathers in front of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts to protest art by a painter who died in 1919.
Group gathers outside the Boston Museum of Fine Arts to protest art by a painter who died in 1919.
Audition director Takashi Miike wishes he could make Ted movies
Oops! Anti-vaxxer group's $250,000 study proves that vaccines don't cause autism
Vladimir Putin celebrates birthday on ice in celebrity hockey match
Cigarette Butt Burns Squirrel Stash
Caitlyn Jenner Is Getting Man Parts Back and Transitioning Back To Bruce Jenner
EPA spends millions on military-style weapons, watchdog group reports
Nanawale murder suspect says Jay Z possessed his body
Brothel owner helps workers pay off student loans
Student Hit By Deer on Campus Tells All
British baby dies in hospital toilet after overweight mom gives birth without realizing she was pregnant
The father of a morbidly obese Rhode Island man believes his son's life is in danger after he was kicked out of a hospital this week for having a pizza delivered to his room.
Mummers, potato sacks and clown masks: Why people are voting in silly face coverings
Kanye West is sick and tired of in-app purchases on iOS
There Is No .bro In Brotli: Google/Mozilla Engineers Nix File Type As Offensive
Google removes .bro file extension from project for possibly being offensive and/or misogynistic according to feminists
Obama gives Kanye West some tips for his presidential run
Neighbor describes moment when deputy hit by crossbow arrow, then police fire back
Florida Man In High Speed Chase Claims His Dog Was Driving
Man gets hand stuck in gas tank, then gets arrested
McDonald's is Sued in Norway for Selling Cheap Burger
Texas: 14-Year Old Virgin Falls Pregnant After Flu Shot World News Daily Report
Airbus Files Patent to Stack Passengers Like Firewood
Someone just uploaded their complete collection of Kmart in-store background music
USA Today tests out Facebook's new emoji on its front page - with questionable results
Father fears 800-pound son will die after hospital discharged him for ordering pizza
VA medical building serving Illinois, Indiana vets is infested first by raccoons, then fleas
Firemen almost had to rescue Rondon from bathroom during playoff game
Toy Train Ride Crashes At Ohio Mall
Bristol Palin claims woman accidentally called her an 'idiot' to her face - and was embarrassed by it
USA Today just used Facebook's new 'emoji reactions' in a horribly tone-deaf way
Officers injured as python-wearing man throws dumbbells at cops, police allege
Actor dressed as Hitler on the streets of Germany tells how people begged him to bring back labour camps and posed for selfies with him as right-wing extremism surges in the country
WTFkind of wedding was this?
China arrests hackers of US government on behalf of the US
Whizz Khalifa arrested for Whizzing.
Vladimir Putin Scores Seven Goals in Epic Hockey Game
India's Hindus won't eat cows, but might drink their pee
Quake with magnitude of 4.5 hits near Cushing, Oklahoma
Download FHx v7(C) apk
George Zimmerman says he retweeted photo of Trayvon Martin's body by accident
Serbian MPs Deploy Tear Gas in Parliament During EU Debate
'Witchcraft' abuse cases on the rise
Sword-wielding woman uses medieval combat skills to stop intruder
Santa Claus running for city council in North Pole
Officer brothers were given the name Andy go to school and Rudy a good boy from parents.
Fox's Keith Ablow Blames Jews For Not Actively Resisting Nazis In Holocaust
Shia Labeouf Arrested For Repeatedly Shouting "JUST DO IT" in Austin, Texas
Florida man knocked unconscious by hot sauce bottle in fight over graham crackers
Wiz Khalifa Gets a Ticket for Public Urination, Lives Up to His Name
Straight out of South Park - Canadians want to build a wall
Police wearing the Union Jack badge in tribute to PC David Phillips who was killed on duty were told to take the patch off in case it caused 'offence'.
Chinese parents are sending their Kids for military training to get rid of their Internet addiction
Police: Wiz Khalifa Cited for Public Urination in Pittsburgh
Inmate seeks tribe's approval to keep 'tribal mullet' in jail
Charles Koch: I'm fighting against special interests
St. Louis police: Atomic bomb plot claim leads to sword attack
Fla. Man Blames Dog for Leading Cops on High-Speed Chase
Wiz Khalifa cited by police for urinating in public
Australians urged not to kill world's deadliest spiders, but to try to capture them instead if encountered.
Oregon 8th-grader suspended from school for wearing patriotic shirt showing gun
Man on far North Side mistakes wife for intruder, shoots, kills her.
El Chapo puts 100 million dollar bounty on Donald Trump - dead or alive.
Here's How The TPP's Creative Property Changes Will Fuck You Over
Sexy Floor Length Elastic Satin Sheath Column Pleating Sweetheart Evening Dress - promdressbycolor.com
Grammy-winning artist St. Vincent is waiting tables at a Dallas restaurant.
Gay marriage ruling prompts county to consider measure seeking God's mercy.
Holocaust would have been 'greatly diminished' if Jews were armed with guns, U.S. Republican candidate says
Dildos Are Now Racist. You SERIOUSLY Can't Make This Crap Up (Very NSFW)
Guy robs a shop, orders an Uber for his getaway, gets caught
Ann Coulter Says Trump Got 'That Spicy Stuff On Mexican Rapists' From Her
Uri Geller "You can take my spoon, but you'll never bend my creative freedom!"
What's in a name? Let's ask Indonesian police officer Andy Go To School
Israeli Social Media Alight Over Policewoman Who Neutralized Terrorist While Holding Ice Cream
Homeowner ordered to end yard sale, clean up property
Pepsi P1 Smartphone Leaked - Specs, Price, Release Date
Indianapolis woman stops intruder with large sword and medieval combat skills
Women veterans have such a high success rate in committing suicide - because they use guns
Thousands dead after remark to suspected terrorist: "you da bomb"
Colorado McDonalds offers first marijuana friendly smoking section
Google's .bro file format changed to .br after gender politics worries
Woman uses ninja sword, medieval combat skills to fight off intruder
University of Texas students counter controversial campus gun law with dildo protest
Armed Robbery Suspect Tries Using Uber as Getaway Car, Police Say
Cape Cod family distressed that baby squirrel was euthanized
Man Dressed As Ninja Robs Hamden Bank
Sam Bradford helps turn Eagles season around by organizing players-only meeting in the shower
Uhhhhhh this is loooow quality b8 m8 i r8 8/69/420/R/fellowkids🏥🏥🏥🏥🏥🏥🏥🏥🏥🏥🏥👗👗👗👗😈
Astrophysicist says Bengals' game-winning FG aided by Earth's rotation
Rex Ryan Breaks Wristband In First Play
Sleeping Idaho hunter wakes up to black bear biting his head
Rapper Wiz Khalifa nabbed for public urination after Pitt's Midnight Madness basketball event
Authorities: Skydiver, 65, dies after 'hard landing'
Porn shoot at school prompts complete filming ban at high schools in LA
Uhhhhhh this is sum loooooooow quality b8 m8 I r8 8/69/420/r/fellowkids DAE want smash 4 be like melee 😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇👩👩👩👩👩👰👰💁🏢🔨🔨🔨🔨🔨🔨🔨🚽🐩🐩🐩🐩🐩🐩🐩 TIL CHARLIE SHEEN KILLED LEONARDO DICAPRIO IN COLD BLOOD ON THE SET OF FANTASTIC MR FOX STARRING MATT DAMON AND ADAM SANDLER
Massachusetts police using pink handcuffs for breast cancer awareness
This Tom Brady Fan Got a Little Too Turnt Up With the Homemade Sign and T-Shirt She Brought to the Cowboys-Patriots Game
Only 4 to 5 American-trained Syrians fighting against the Islamic State
Raven Symone Speaks Out On "Ghetto Name" Fiasco: "My Comment Was In Poor Taste"
Cats admit ordering drugs from Dank-connected company
Benghazi staffers spent their days designing personalized "Tiffany Glocks"
Sam Bradford's Shower Meeting Works Wonders
Kim Jong-un is no joke, says North Korean defector
Strache: "Ich bin mit Sicherheit kein Sohn einer Hure" (English: "I am, with certainty not the son of a whore"
KFC is failing in China because its fast food is way too slow
'My dog was driving': Florida DUI suspect tells cops during arrest
Strache: "Ich bin mit Sicherheit kein Sohn einer Hure" ("I am, with certainty, not the son of a whore")
Berkeley lecturer fired for "not conforming to teaching norms", despite having positive student feedback and students succeeding in future courses
I'm not a Nazi, and I like kebabs, says Far Right leader Heinz-Christian Strache
Elon Musk won't nuke Mars, just give it 2 temporary suns
Northco Developments | Sydney's No1 Home Builders
PURANIKS SAYAMA LONAVALA | CALL ON : 8879274973
Egyptian Television Host Confuses Video Game for Russian Airstrikes in Syria
Vanuatu president's anger as stand-in pardons himself
Game of Thrones season 6 filming delayed because they 'can't get planning permission on a castle'
Bearded men mistaken for IS
Alaska mulls extra oil drilling to cope with climate change
Kanye West Suddenly Realizes In-App Purchases in Kids Games Aren't Cool
Darwin prisoner falls through courtroom ceiling during escape attempt
German Neo-Nazis celebrate Australia's refugee policy
Mens beard club mistaken for the ISIS
Feline declawing debate, cyberbullying derail America's Best Vet contest
Missing King Cobra Found Under stranger's Dryer
Apprisia provides leading SAP BASIS administration, monitoring, support and maintenance services to SAP customers
The Man Who Builds Luxury Bomb Shelters for Paranoid One Percenters
This bearded hipster crew was mistaken for ISIS
Christian cult that predicted Wednesday's world annihilation will study Bible for revised deadline
Police called to meeting of beard fans in Sweden after passer-by confuses them with Isis terrorists
KALPATARU AMODA RESERVE LONAVALA
Man Blamed Dog for Drunk Driving, Deputies Say
High school used to film pornographic movie
Lewis Hamilton soaked Putin with champagne and now people are worried about his safety
Unmanned gun shoots, injures Grandville man
"The system did not fail Mr. Ford," Dale Cox, the acting district attorney of Caddo Parish, on Glenn Ford's wrongful conviction that put him on death row for 30 years.
New England man offers to ship autumn foliage for $19.99
The Traitorous Goats of the Galapagos Islands
Kosovo Parliament Debates Serbian Relations by Lobbing Tear Gas Grenades
Mighty onion is once again king this weekend
Bearded hipsters mistaken for ISIS terrorists in Sweden
Retired firefighter burned to death after lawn mower catches fire
Social justice warrior forces Google to drop .bro extension in Brotli due to it being misogynistic
Fake Candidate Beats Jeb Bush in Straw Poll
Got Tattoo? Get Your Skin Art Framed After You Die
Fairfax tickets cars for needing inspection - while they wait for inspections
Carbon-Gold Nissan GT-R With ADV.1 Wheels
Sri Lanka Roads:Heavy traffic caused by new traffic plan
Hoverboards banned: law making 'self-balancing scooters' illegal was passed in 1835
Texas university students to protest gun law with dildos
'Breaking Bad' Teacher Busted After Quitting Job To Make Crystal Meth
Brick Lane Coffee shop comes under fire for 'Sorry, No Poor People' sign after Shoreditch anti-gentrification protests
'Hoverboards' are illegal on both pavements and roads, CPS confirms
Neighbours call police after mistaking Airbnb renters for robbers
U.S., Russian Officials Discuss Safe Air Operations Over Syria
Hillary Clinton: "I'm Really Not Even a Human Being"
Bearded hipsters mistaken for ISIS terrorists
Bearded Swedish hipsters mistaken for Isis terrorists
DeKalb resident mistakes Airbnb guests for robbers, calls cops
Hillary: I don't sweat ... because I'm a robot
Texas Cop Chokes 14-Year Old Student 'For His Safety'
Escaped domesticated fox killed by neighbor with bow and arrow
Homeless man in Anchorage uses homemade spear to kill bear
Alaska Governor: Must drill oil from refuges to pay for impact of climate change on state
Trump: Aerosmith dispute 'worked out'
Goats Rule on the Island of Anguilla
Kanye West is 'through to next round' on American Idol in San Francisco
'My dog was driving that car': Florida DUI suspect blames crash, chase on his dog
University of Texas Students Prepare New Fight Against Guns-With Dildos
Google and Mozilla Ditch the .bro Extension, Because a Feminist Told Them So
A scientist found a bird that hadn't been seen in half a century, then killed it. Here's why.
This is our favorite new dildo: The sex toy that defeats Ben Carson and Fox News
Edmonton woman finds beer, men's clothing in suitcase after WestJet flight - Westjet responds with "what happens in Vegas"
Paul Ryan is going as Mitt Romney for Halloween
'They all ended up dead': anger lingers over students who died after hypnosis
Oregon school suspended 8th grader for wearing a T-shirt to school that included a design memorializing fallen soldiers and bearing the words "Standing for those who stood for us"
Bobby Jindal: Oregon Shooter's Father 'Has No Right' To Lecture On Gun Control
This Fake Candidate Just Beat Jeb Bush in a Straw Poll
Calgary Centre candidates grilled by 11-year-old for school project
Bobby Jindal: Umpqua shooter's dad 'has no right to be lecturing' us on gun control
Texas university students in dildo protest over gun law
School District Bans Halloween
"Honest Gil" Fulbright's presidential campaign is literally a joke, but that didn't stop him from beating Jeb Bush and Lindsey Graham in a New Hampshire straw poll over the weekend.
Saudi women contesting elections asked not to publish photos, address voters; face imprisonment for violation
UConn students clean up mac-and-cheese disaster with online fundraiser
Swedish men pleased with their beards were mistaken for flag-waving, Islamic State militants
Taylor Swift broke up with Calvin Harris because he got a happy ending at a massage parlor
California may allow inmate firefighters with violent pasts
Egyptian TV anchor mistakes video game footage for Russian airstrikes in Syria
Anti-vaccine megachurch hit with measles epidemic, now offering free vaccinations
US students to defy gun laws with dildos
Earth's rotation gave Bengals win over Seahawks, says Neil DeGrasse Tyson
After judge blocks elderly woman from changing name, Serpentfoot is trying again
Suspected DUI driver tells deputies "dog was driving the car"
Hillary Expected to Adopt All of Sanders's Positions by Noon
Coward congregation gathers for first church service after flood
Woman claims boy, 8, acted unreasonable when he leaped into her arms causing her to fall on the ground and break her wrist
This pimp helps his prostitutes pay off student debt
RNC slams Clinton over supporting Iraq war in 2002
Cowboys RB Christine Michael pulled over by police officer just to take a picture
Christopher Columbus gets ax to the head in Detroit
Restaurant offers ownership for finishing off 30 lbs burrito and a margarita in one hour
Florida Is Running Low on Orange Juice
Student arrested for ranting when refused mac and cheese
Florida Man Sentenced to 885 Years in Child Porn Case
Tom Hiddleston Believes That Loki Is Running Asgard Pretty Well
'Smart' menstrual cup sends texts about your flow
DUI suspect: My dog was driving
The Chemist Who Hasn't Showered in 12 Years Explains Why He Doesn't Stink
Incredibly rare male mustached kingfisher photographed for first time by scientist - who promptly kills it
June Sarpong has revealed her big plan to keep Britain in the EU
Harold Reynolds apologizes for saying Canadians can't catch foul balls
Anti-vaxxers accidentally fund a study proving there is no link between vaccines and autism.
King County man mistakes roommate for raccoon, shoots him
Suspicious man prompts temporary lockdown of Cedar Springs Public Schools
An Outsourcing Company Director Wants the Welfare State to Be More Like the Sims
SHOCK: Connecticut Town BANS Halloween to appease Muslims
Connecticut Town Bans Halloween to appease Muslims
UFC fighter records woman snorting coke at an Astros playoff game
The dangers of birdwatching while black.
COMPTON RAPPER GETS SHOT IN THE HEAD & POSTS SELFIE VIDEO...IN THAT ORDER
This New Smartphone Does Absolutely Nothing
Man lived with decomposing body in Ontario motel room, police say
Hillary Clinton Doesn't Sweat
Girl, 4, punched in the face by boy told by hospital worker, 'I bet he likes you'
Video: Heavy traffic due to new traffic plan
Fire closes Old McDonald's Farm for now
DUI Suspect Broadcasts Her Wild Ride On Periscope
Volkswagen Scandal Movie in the Works From Paramount, Leonardo DiCaprio
Lakeland woman arrested after driving drunk on Periscope
Leonardo DiCaprio to Produce Movie on Volkswagen Scandal
Leonardo DiCaprio will bring the Volkswagen 'clean diesel' scandal to the big screen in producing deal with Paramount
Pepsi to launch a smartphone in China
Latest Unease on Right: Ryan Is Too Far Left
Volkswagen scandal set for movie produced by DiCaprio
Small-Town Cops Claim Burglars Are Using Hacker's Device to Unlock Garage Doors
Man arrested for DUI claims his dog was driving
Chinese Military Publishes Photos of "Chinese Soldiers" That Are Actually From a US Sporting Goods Magazine
Nudes Are Old News at Playboy
Outrage over Queensland magistrate's refusal to watch CCTV evidence of coward punch attack
Controversy after scientist finds rare bird - and kills it
Nicholas Kristof: Gun deaths more numerous for preschoolers than police
Lawsuit: Buffalo-area doctor wrongly ruled man dead, refused to check him for 3 hours from /r/news
Play to stop publishing nude photos
Playboy magazine to stop publishing photos of naked women
Woman beaten for not bringing home In-N-Out burgers
Playboy Will No Longer Run Nude Photos Because 'It's Just Passé' Now
An aging roué, Playboy will no longer run photos of nude women in its pages
Playboy says it will no longer print images of nude women
Police called as bearded hipster group mistaken for Islamic State terrorists
Fred Durst Is Planning To Move To Crimea To Make Russian TV Shows
Playboy Magazine to no longer feature nude women
Playboy Magazine will no longer feature nude women in its print edition
Playboy doing away with nude models in magazine
white soul sisters marry each other on a beach
This guy bought a $4.5 million house with the money he made from streaming 'Minecraft'
Playboy magazine to stop publishing pictures of naked women
Bun B throws out the first pitch at the Astros playoff game
Playboy magazine putting clothes on its playmates
Coyote $21,000 in debt after wandering through university campus
8-year-old Westport boy on trial for exuberance
Playboy says no more nudes
Student sorry for mac and cheese meltdown, says he's ashamed
Louisiana Man Stops Robbery by Quoting Pulp Fiction
Playboy will now be nothing but the articles
Shop Strapless Sequin Gown by La Femme 18898 for Long Prom Dresses
'We need World of Tanks gamers to operate robot tanks' - Russia's weapons chief
UT-Austin Students Protest Open Carry Law By Strapping Dildos to Their Bags
China may be using sea to hide its submarines
Tìm hiểu thông tin về shop đồng hồ chính hãng tại tpHcm
Playboy to stop showing nudity.
Woman Arrested After Live-Streaming Herself Drunk Driving
Man Wearing 'Dumb Things' Shirt Does Dumb Thing
Man claims driving dog led deputies on high-speed chase
Western Australian small town woman drunkenly calls the police to complain about the lack of cannabis in town
Bearded hipster group says police mistook them for Islamic State terrorists
Kickstarter Bans Product For Not Existing
Protesters protest protesters thinking they were protesting something else...
Playboy Will No Longer Publish Nude Photos: Report
Purported 'anti-Muslim' protest in Medford turns out to be pro-police rally
Texas governor's office congratulates Astros on Game 4 win
'Masked cowboy' ignored by voters, but irks polling station officials - Edmonton
Yes, Pepsi is launching smartphones in China
Gun-toting kid chased away with a broom
Argentina's dancing president becomes internet hit
'I read it for the articles': Playboy ditches 'passe' nudes
Woman live streams herself while driving drunk, police say
Man Arrested and Booked into Womens Jail
Playboy will no longer run shots of nude women in its pages
Richard Gere poses as homeless man, goes completely unnoticed.
Pepsi to unveil 'Pepsi P1', company's first ever smartphone
Paris Jackson - Gorgeous And Beautiful Daughter Of Micheal Jackson
Black ants sustained hunter during six-day ordeal
How Lisa Ann went from porn star to fantasy sports guru
Top VW exec blames car pollution cheatware scandal on 'a couple of software engineers'
Playboy 'to drop' naked women images
Playboy magazine to stop publishing images of naked women
Boyfriend 'pranks' girlfriend by making her think their son is dead
Fred Durst Wants to Make Films for the 'Great Future' of Russia and Annexed Crimea
Chinese slapping therapist believes breast cancer is caused by unhappy marriage
Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst Wants To Move To Crimea To Make Russian TV Shows
Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst Ponders Move to Crimea
What happens at a slapping workshop?
Black people 'three times more likely' to have Taser used against them
In Moldova, politics is literally crap
I never sprayed Putin, says Hamilton
Giúp đỡ bạn chọn mua được đồng hồ chính hãng
Printer drivers ate our homework, says NSW Dept of education
Is fighting corruption like fighting zombies?
Florida man arrested for drunk driving blames dog
Protein shake leads to Birmingham city centre bomb alert.
A scientist found a bird that hadn't been seen in half a century, then killed it.
Leonardo DiCaprio to produce 'VW emissions scandal' film based on an unpublished book by Jack Ewing- no writer, director or cast attached
Woman Sues 12 Year old for injury sustained in overenthusiastic greeting when he was 8 years old.
Grand Saudi Wahhabi Mufti: You pilgrims came here to commit suicide to blame my regime! - AhlulBayt News Agency - ABNA
New York aunt sues nephew, 12, who broke her wrist while greeting her at his eighth birthday party
'Unbalanced duck fanatics' accused of ruining a statue at London's King's Cross station
Playboy will no longer publish photographs of naked women
DUI suspect's unusual vehicle is a minivan with the top cut off and a motorcycle in it
Russian exhibition censored with little pink panties, closed
No more nudes in Playboy magazine, centerfold's future at risk: report | News | Toronto Sun
8 year old boy sued for displaying exuberance at his birthday party
Playboy magazine to end publishing fully nude female photos
German protesters set up mock gallows to 'hang' Angela Merkel for her pro-refugee stance
Expedition finds extremely rare bird, promptly kills it
Man asks about nachos, shoots clerk in face
MH17: Russian missile company blow up plane to 'debunk' official report into air disaster
Rapper Teriq Royal Shot in Head with AK-47, Immediately Shoots Selfie
Ex-Liverpool striker Djibril Cisse has been taken into police custody over a case of possible blackmail of France midfielder Mathieu Valbuena
Upper East Side aunt sues 12 year-old nephew for $127G after breaking her wrist
Alaska gov: More drilling needed to fund climate change programs
Cars hit Raleigh home 5 times in 8 years
Ordinary citizens become heroes using everyday objects to fight off terrorists
Quentin Tarantino tells black critics his race is irrelevant.
Iraqi War Vet Disciplined For Exposing Fellow Student's Stolen Valor
Playboy to eliminate nude photos from the magazine
Aunt sues 12-year-old nephew for $127,000 after breaking her wrist while leaping to greet her at birthday party
Finland: Police ask for tip-offs on cheap pizzas.
Man suing over injury from giant pine cone in San Francisco
Aunt sues nephew, 12, for breaking her wrist during greeting
Michigan's Free, Online Textbooks Include Factual Errors, Poor Grammar
China cabin crew 'industry ritual' sparks online outrage
Australian camel-hunter eats ants during six days lost in Outback
Missouri Students: Thomas Jefferson A 'Racist Rapist,' Campus Statue Needs To Go
Playboy to stop running pictures of completely naked women
Tesla CEO Elon Musk goes on two different shows to say he will cut back on media
Playboy to Drop Nudity as Internet Fills Demand
8-year Old Boy Sued by Aunt - "I was at a party recently, and it was difficult to hold my hors d'oeuvre plate."
Turkey has a list of suspects who may carry out suicide bombings but cannot take legal action unless suspects commit a suicide attack
New York woman sues 11-year-old nephew over hug that broke her wrist
Police called to meeting of bearded hipsters mistaken for ISIS terrorists
Woman Live-streams herself drunk driving from the bar
Aunt sues 8-year-old Westport boy over 'exuberant' greeting leading to fall
Philip Rivers: "They Were Six Inches Better Tonight"
Duck walks into pub, drinks pint, fights dog, loses. Maintains bow tie. Not a joke
Aunt sues nephew, 12, for £84k after he broke her wrist jumping into her arms
Aunt Sues Then-8-Year-Old Nephew for $127,000 Over 'Unreasonable' Hug
Man hit by 16-pound pine cone in S.F. park files $5 million suit
Church gives pizza driver $1,000 tip from collection plate
Manhattan woman sues her 12yr old nephew for 6 figures for breaking her wrist when jumping up to excitedly great her on his birthday
New York City woman files six-figure suit against 12-year-old nephew over a hug
UConn Student Apologizes For Mac-And-Cheese Tantrum, Heads To Court
Aunt sues Young Nephew ove injury sustained by joyful overenthusiasm
Manhattan Woman Sues 12-Year-Old Nephew for Breaking Her Wrist With an Exuberant Hug
This election is not about me, says the man the this election is clearly about
Police: Drunk woman broadcast herself on Periscope while driving
New York woman sues 12-year-old nephew over hug that broke her wrist
Woman sues her 12 year old nephew for breaking her wrist
Donald Trump Embraces His 4Chan Fans
Leonardo DiCaprio to produce Volkswagen scandal film
National car unveiled by minister sparks Cadillac debate
NY aunt sues nephew for $127,000 for wrist-breaking hug at 8th birthday party
Firefighter beat up homeless man over slow food order
Tinder for Groups App Gets You Free Drinks From Fireball - Every Time You Go Out
MH17: Dutch Safety Board confirms Buk missile fired downed flight killing 298 people *Russian missile company blow up plane to 'debunk' official report into air disaster
Pepsi confirms it's building a smartphone
Presenting the Internet's Booty Hall of Fame!
Federal Whistleblower Investigator Fired After Blowing the Whistle on His Own Agency
High School Accidentally Allows Porn Shoot On Campus
Woman sues 12-year-old nephew for enthusiastic hug... from 4 years ago
Russia: World of Tanks Gamers Needed to Operate Robots
Amoeba Music Wants To Sell Marijuana Alongside Jazz & Classical
In some Texas dorms, Nerf guns will be banned while real ones are allowed
T.I.: 'I Can't Vote For The Leader Of The Free World To Be A Woman'
Jalapeno Mac & Cheese Guy Apologized in Youtube Video.
'I'll Show You Obscene': Campus to Protest Concealed Guns with Unconcealed Dildos
Jerusalem Man Subdues Terrorist With Nunchucks
UES Woman Sues 12-Year-Old Nephew For Injuring Wrist During Gleeful Greeting
Woman sues nephew after exuberant birthday hug
Man suing over injury from 16-pound pine cone in San Francisco
Debate Podium Awaits Joe Biden, With or Without Him
'Phantom Pilot' Drops Turkey from Airplane Over Yellville
Video Games Prove As Effective As Medicine
Eight lakh chemists plan to protest online medicine retailers - by shutting their own shops
Aunt Sues Nephew Over Exuberant Greeting Leading To Fall
Woman sues 12-year-old nephew after falling at his birthday party
Woman sues 12-year-old nephew, says his "forceful" birthday greeting injured her
Navy veteran files $5million lawsuit after 16lb PINE CONE falls from a tree and crushes his skull in California national park
Woman sues 12 year old nephew for $127,000 over exuberant greeting at party
Ukrainians have created an Arabic-language website to help ISIS identify names and home addresses of Russian pilots caught on videos
Woman Sues Nephew for Jumping Into Arms at Birthday Party
Aunt suing 12-year-old nephew for thousands over hug that broke her wrist
Aunt Sues Nephew for Jumping Into Her Arms at Birthday Party
Aunt Suing 12-Year-Old Nephew Over Hug That Broke Her Wrist
for $127K, saying exuberant greeting at his 8th birthday left her with wrist pain
Woman sues nephew for $127K, saying his flying hug on his 8th birthday left her with wrist pain.
Aunt sues nephew over birthday party greeting
A 300-pound, 6-foot-2-inch Medford man has been arrested for allegedly beating up his girlfriend because she did not bring home In-N-Out burgers for dinner.
New Yorkers are lining up to live in this disgusting bathroom
Connecticut boy sued for being too excited at his 8th birthday party
Navy Vet Sues Park Service After 16-Pound Seed Pod Falls From Tree, Crushes His Skull in San Francisco
Israel stabbing: Israeli man stabs fellow Israeli Jew after 'mistaking him for Arab'
Woman sues nephew, 12, for $127K after exuberant greeting
Man files $5 million lawsuit after 16-pound pinecone falls on his head
Olive Garden apologizes to KC police officer asked to leave because he was armed
Sober man kicked out of bar for disturbing drunken guests
Woman sues nephew for $127,000 after breaking her wrist during 8-year-old's hug
New York woman sues 11 year old nephew for "breaking her wrist"
Aunt sues 12-year-old boy, says his exuberant greeting led to fall
Donald Trump Is Hosting SNL on Nov. 7, and the World Will End in Fire
Good Humans Are Crucial For Beating Bad Humans
Hospital bosses apologise after main course and dessert served together
Aunt sues 12-year-old nephew who broke her wrist with a 'careless' hug
Donald Trump to Host 'SNL' November 7
Israel violence: Israeli stabs Jewish man 'mistaken for Arab' at Ikea in Kiryat Ata
Church staff 'hysterical' as broken bell rings non-stop for 24 hours
Woman sues nephew over injury sustained during hug.
A 74-year-old British man faces 350 lashes for having wine in Saudi Arabia
Rapper T.I.: Women are too emotional to be president
T.I. On Hillary Clinton: "Not To Be Sexist But I Can't Vote ... For A Woman"
N. Korea shows off ballistic missile models at flower exhibition
Woman Sues Young Nephew For $127K Over Exuberant Birthday Party Greeting
Israeli Jew stabs another thinking he was Arab due to his appearance
Kidnapped businessman uses Google to free himself
Upper East Side aunt sues 12-year-old nephew for $127G
Woman suing nephew over broken wrist
Leonardo DiCaprio buys rights to VW emissions scandal story
'Dead' Indian man wakes up minutes before post-mortem
Another October, Another New Jersey Devil Sighting
Mumbai: Man Comes Back From the 'Dead' Before Post-Mortem
No foul play suspected in death of man found in freezer
Injuries reported after car crash into Dept. of Drivers Services
Is the Jersey Devil in Galloway Township? | Paranormal Corner
Aunt Sues Nephew After Hug Broke Her Wrist
Woman Sues 12-Year-Old Nephew For Wrist-Breaking Hug
This Aunt Is Suing Her 12-Year-Old Nephew For an "Unreasonable" Hug
A photo bought for $2 in a junk shop is worth $5,000,000
Live-Streaming Florida Woman Charged With Drunken Driving
A Minnesota teenager accused of planning a massacre at his school will get no jail and only serve five to 10 years' probation...
EXCLUSIVE: No one will get breaking Joe Biden news by waiting outside his house
AT&T customer politely e-mails CEO, gets terse reply from AT&T lawyer
Bullied cabin crew on Chinese airline forced to lie in overhead luggage racks
Aunt loses lawsuit against 12-year-old nephew who broke her wrist with a 'careless' hug
Woman sued nephew, said his "forceful" birthday greeting injured her
Newlywed wife, 20, hangs herself after her Indian husband takes away her phone because she was always on Facebook and WhatsApp
A hazing ritual forced Chinese female flight attendants into overhead bins
Woman files six-figure lawsuit against 12-year-old nephew over hug
Alabama Walmart Cluelessly Stocks Gun Counter With 'Gun Oil' Lube
Aunt loses $127,000 lawsuit against her 8 year old nephew who broke her wrist when he leapt into her arms at his birthday party yelling "Auntie Jen!"
Woman sues nephew, 12, for hug that broke her wrist, made holding hors d'oeuvre plate hard
Aunt sues 12-year-old nephew for £84k after he broke her wrist jumping into her arms
Scolded for too much WhatsApp, Facebook, woman commits suicide
Man Sues After 16 lb Pine Cone Falls on His Head
Aunt who sued nephew over birthday greeting loses case
Johny Hendricks says over-reliance on deer meat caused failed UFC 192 weight cut
Man accused of drink driving tells police his dog was driving
Manhattan Woman Sues Nephew for $127,000 After Breaking Her Wrist During 8-Year-Old's Hug
Woman sues nephew for $127K, says exuberant greeting at his 8th-birthday party led to fall
Inventor of fantasy sports: 'I meant it for peaceful purposes'
Politiet på Facebook: «Hvem har glemt hasjen sin?»
Manhattan Woman Sues 12-Year-Old Nephew for Accidentally Breaking Her Wrist at His 8th Birthday Party, Wants $127,000
University of Texas protesters to fight guns with sex toys
Aunt sues nephew after breaking wrist during 8-year-old's hug, demands six-figure sum
Jury: Aunt who sued 8-year-old gets zero
Aunt Sues 12-Year-Old Nephew for $127K After Hug Broke Her Wrist
Israelis Fight Muslim Terrorists in the Streets w/Umbrellas, Nunchucks, Selfie Sticks
Aunt loses $127,000 suit against her nephew, 12, over wrist breaking hug
Jihadi John 'forced me to dance Tango', says former Danish ISIS hostage [x-post /r/syriancivilwar]
Florida woman live streams her drunken crash, gets charged with DUI
Young mothers more likely to have unprotected sex with fathers of their children
40-day-old girl burnt with iron rod to 'cure' pneumonia
Selfie Sticks to Umbrellas: Israelis Use Unconventional Weapons to Fight Attackers
Man attempts to pay a fake Child Porn fine at a real Police Station
Woman Who Sued 8 Year Old Nephew For $127K For Hugging Too Hard Is Worst Woman Who Ever Lived
Philippines demands Canada take back 2,500 tonnes of Vancouver trash
18 Times Jennifer Lawrence Said What We Were All Thinking
Woman unsuccessfully sues nephew, says his exuberant greeting led to fall
Why a school principal and single mom quit the classroom for Mary Kay
Skateboarders Sign Petition to Keep their Games Out of the Olympics
Woman sues her nephew for $127,000 after the excited 8-year-old's hug allegedly caused her to fall and break her wrist.
Aunt sues nephew for $127,000 over enthusiastic birthday hug
Chilean winger Alexis Sanchez has been cursed by a Peruvian with doctor ahead of a football match between Peru and Chile
UConn Student in Viral Attack Apologizes for Drunken Mac and Cheese Meltdown
Aunt loses $127,000 suit against 8-year-old nephew who jumped into her arms
Conservative says Trudeau would 'mandate' brothels and the 'selling of women'
Biden Will Watch The Debate From Home After A High School Reunion
YouTuber pretends to blow up son in ATV accident to prank mom
Aunt sues 12-yr-old nephew for 'negligent hug'
BEHOLD: THE LENA DUNHAM COSTUME FOR CHILDREN
Pedestrian killed by street sweeper in Durham
Joe Biden Will Host High School Reunion Instead Of Participating In Democratic Debate
Aunt LOSES $127,000 lawsuit against 12-year-old nephew who accidentally broke her wrist when he jumped into her arms
Jury: Boy not liable for exuberant hello that injured aunt
Woman who sued over nephew's hug gets nothing
Coloring Is The Best Alternative To Meditation
Boy on trial for exuberance; sued by aunt
Disney taps Fifty Shades of Grey screenwriter Kelly Marcel for live-action "Cruella" movie
Salon.com equates Holocaust denial with climate change denial
Swedish 'Bearded Villains' mistaken for ISIS
New York Woman Sues Young Nephew for Hugging Her Too Hard and Breaking Her Wrist
St. Louis burning: A ticking time bomb beneath the city?
(X-Post /r/gadgets) Pepsi to launch a smartphone in China
Woman sues nephew after exuberant hug
Aunt receives zero damages from suit over nephew's wrist-breaking hug
Inequality in everything: The rich get better breakfast sandwiches, too
The Notebook's Nick Cassavetes to Direct Ronda Rousey in Roadhouse Remake
#shemale # سادي #عنيفه
NYC aunt loses lawsuit against 12-year-old nephew over birthday hug that broke her wrist
Evi Quaid, other inmate engaged in fight involving feces
12-year-old sued by his own aunt for a hug that allegedly turned her life "very difficult" - "I was at a party recently, and it was difficult to hold my hors d'oeuvre plate," says plaintiff.
Retired postal worker killed by a mailbox knocked over in a crash
Barack Obama crashed this couple's wedding at a golf course
Daniel Craig Was "Just Being Sarcastic" About James Bond "Slash My Wrists" Comment, Says Co-Star Naomie Harris
Drink drive suspect claims his dog was driving the car
Ex-Con Blames High-Speed Chase On Pooch
Boy found not liable for greeting at birthday party that led to aunt's fall
Taxi stolen, Regina police officer bear sprayed in 'high risk' arrest
Jury rules against aunt who sued boy over hug
Wisconsin gun shop ordered to pay nearly $6 million to injured police officers
Florida Driver Live-Streams While Claiming to Be Drunk
Like bitter foods? You're likely to be a psychopath.
Jerusalem Man With Nunchucks Subdues Terrorist on City Bus
Russian military to use World of Tanks to recruit tankers
San Francisco man sues for $5m after giant pine cone falls on head
Millennial livestreams herself driving drunk, gets arrested
Florida woman arrested after livestreaming as she drove drunk: police
An Alabama Walmart Unknowingly Stocked Lube For Gays Next to Their Guns
Bernie Sanders wrote an essay saying that women fantasize about rape
Woman sues nephew, 8, for $127,000 over injuries caused by him hugging her at eighth birthday party
Woman sues nephew for $127K, saying exuberant greeting at his 8th birthday left her with a broken wrist, and pain.
Steph Curry apologizes for his team being healthy and winning the title
Gun counter mistakenly stocks 'gun oil' lube
Mailbox crash claims life of retired postal worker
Woman Arrested After Live Streaming Herself Drunk Driving on Periscope
Santa Claus wins seat on North Pole city council.
Nigeria's President Enlists the West to Help Recover Stolen Money
Glass Walkway in China Cracks Beneath Tourist
Playboy won't run photos of nude women anymore
Drunk driving suspect drove topless van with a motorcycle inside
BYU student injured in bounce house accident recovering at 'warp speed'
Lamar Odom Found Unconscious in Nevada Brother, Fighting for his Life
Lamar Odom found unconscious in a Las Vegas-area brothel
Dead rodent found in Subway sandwich in Lincoln City
Justin Trudeau says he would tell off Vladimir Putin 'to his face' if he becomes PM
"President and Obama and I were literally hunting for the Chinese..." -Hillary Clinton
Lamar Odom hospitalized after being found unresponsive in Nevada brothel
NJ Whole Foods Fires Security Firm That Detained 70-Year-Old Woman
"President Obama and I were literally hunting for the Chinese..." -Hillary Clinton
Bearded Hipsters Posing with Black Flag Surprised to Be Mistaken for Islamic Terrorists
Aunt sues nephew over hug
Mike Huckabee tweeted we have a racism problem because of sin, then immediately tweeted a racist tweet.
Alaska Gov. Says State "Urgently" Needs More Oil Drilling to Pay for Climate Change Damage
Ben Carson: End times are likely upon us
Sheriff deputies arrest man for crack in butt
Clinton: 'I never took a position on Keystone until I took a position on Keystone'
I was abducted by reptile aliens who raped me on the moon every night
Swedish beard club mistaken for ISIS members
First observation: The Democratic candidates disappointingly lack the ethnic diversity of the Republican candidates. #DemDebate
Is Reddit running away from Bernie Sanders?
Scientist claims sex is preventing you from living a long life
Is America Ready for a Bald President?
Palestinian Bar Association Awards Honorary Law Degree To Killer Of Two Israelis In Jerusalem
This Woman Walked Into A UFC Fighter's Home, Pulled Down Her Pants And Pooped Everywhere
Ben Carson says Democrats have no plan to protect us from dragons
Taking A Stand: Dunkin' Donuts Has Just Announced That It Will Perform One Abortion
Magnetic energy 'can affect brain's perception of God and immigrants'
Smart pants tell you when it's toilet time
UK government found to be paying to transport asylum seekers from London to Manchester in a Hummer stretch limousine
Russian missile maker disputes MH17 inquiry findings
IMPERIAL HEIGHTS AT GOREGAON | For more details call : 8879274973
Alexis Sanchez cursed by Peru fans with tortoise ahead of World Cup qualifier with Chile
Polish man makes bomb threat to get free heating in prison
School Diversity Officer Could Go To Jail For Advocating White Genocide
Florida town remembers students who died after being hypnotised by principal.
'Archangel Lucifer,' intergalactic space ambassador want to be president
Twitter dubs Jim Webb loser, 'wizard' in the crowd the winner of Democratic debate
Naked woman destroys Subway restaurant in Anchorage
Miley Cyrus to play naked show with equally naked Flaming Lips
Serco criticised after hiring limo to move asylum seekers
Vanuatu politicians guilty of corruption pardon themselves while president is away
Four desperate migrants trying to sneak into Britain opened the back of a lorry to be confronted by an angry polar bear.
Naked Woman Destroys Subway Restaurant
High School Withholding Diploma from Valedictorian Because She Said 'Hell' in Graduation Speech
Jihadi John 'forced me to dance Tango', says former Danish Isil hostage
Giúp đỡ bạn giải đáp những thắc mắc về giá đồng hồ OP nữ?
Aunt tries to sue her 12 year old nephew for hugging her
Polar bear headed for Yorkshire greets migrants
Duck Wearing Bow-Tie Walks Into Pub, Drinks Pint, Fights Dog, Loses
Bear goes shopping in Khabarovsk
US Man Jailed for Selling Fake Chinese Parts Used on US Submarines
Woman sues 12 yr old nephew over a hug
Meerkat-keeper to be sentenced for glassing Monkey-keeper over love triangle with Llama-keeper
Jewish school must stop asking parents about sex lives
Liberal Manhattan Legislator Proposes Infiltrating the NRA With Gun Control Backers
Man tries to put out garbage fire by driving over it in a van loaded with ammunition
Birthday hug lawsuit: Jury finds boy not liable for exuberant hello that injured aunt
Jury finds 12-year old not liable for exuberant hello that injured aunt
Anne Hathaway Sends Breakfast Back Four Times, Like a Badass Who Knows What She Wants
Letter from the editor: an apology to Naughty Dog and Uncharted fans
Police: Florida woman arrested after live-streaming behind the wheel, 'I'm so drunk'
Man injured by pine cone in San Francisco park sues the US government for $5m
Report recommends eliminating birdshot as prisoner-control tool
'Drunk and disorderly' duck swears off booze after pub fight with dog. The 'bill' was too much
'Menagerie a trois' zoologist faces jail for glassing monkey-keeping love rival
Rodium Realty X'czar Juhu Projects
Democratic debate: Clinton brings it
Burglar calls police to rescue him after getting trapped in German family home
Driver safety services building struck by car
Asylum seekers SUE Germany for not paying them benefits FAST ENOUGH
Man in electric wheelchair arrested for DUI
Randy and Evi Quaid Held in Vermont Jail on $500,000 Bond
Jury: Nephew not liable for exuberant hello that injured aunt
Woman sues 12-year-old nephew over a hug that 'broke her wrist'
Sheboygan Man Games Ambulance Service for Rides, Meals and Ladies - Seriously
for Devonshire duck 'Star' who wears bow ties and swigs ale in local pub after brawl with dog
Whistleblower fired for blowing his whistle.
Aunt sues 'loving' 8-year-old nephew over injury, #auntfromhell trending
Aunt Unsuccessfully Attempts to Sue 12-Year-Old Nephew for $127K After Hug Broke Her Wrist: 'He Was Flying at Me'
A jury has rejected the woman's bid to sue her 12-year-old nephew for injuries she says she suffered at his birthday party four years ago.
Jury: Boy not liable for exuberant greeting that injured aunt
Miley Cyrus and The Flaming Lips to play concert completely in the nude
Serco apologises after hiring stretch limo for asylum seekers
Woman sues nephew for painful birthday hug; jury says 'no'
People are getting shot by toddlers on a weekly basis this year
Court rejects aunt's bid to sue nephew for $165,000 over 'forceful' hug at his 8th-birthday party
Detective Suspended for Drinking Before MADD Conference
Aunt sues 12-year old
Egyptian TV Host to Stand Trial After Encouraging Young Men to Watch Pornography
Alaskan woman smokes spice, gets naked, destroys Subway
Thinking Outside the Box by Moving Into One
Police: Man beats girlfriend for not bringing home In-N-Out burgers
Wiz Khalifa cited for public urination in Pittsburgh
Greenfield police: Drunk driving suspect, asked to step out of car, checks Facebook feed instead
Woman sues nephew over hug described as 'forceful greeting'
Teacher suspended over sex-ed video
Polar bear escapes migrant drama in Calais after an epic journey from Russia
Levin Staffer Arrested for Allegedly Beating Lover With Shovel
Grocerygate: Bill Belichick insists he hasn't gone to a grocery store in years, but has he?
Bill Belichick's not a fan of grocery stores
Jury sides with 12-year-old whose aunt sued him for hugging too hard
Toronto police respond to call of man asking to be jailed to watch Jays game
Suspect believed to be on spice disrobes, trashes East Anchorage Subway
Anti-fur protesters protest faux-fur store, informed it's faux-fur, still protest.
Montgomery Parks Warns of 'Aggressive Owl' Living Along Popular Trail in Bethesda
Your body makes its own cannabis when you run
In Serious Gaffe, Sanders Treats Opponent with Dignity and Respect - The New Yorker
Portland judge tells Latino man who insulted, shoved Arabic stranger: 'You look Middle Eastern'
Man masturbating, viewing porn in Madison parking ramp used fake name
Man Sets Fire To Halloween Costumes in Walmart!
Indian man who woke up on autopsy table dies
Woman sues nephew after breaking her wrist during hug
Meerket-keeper must pay £800 to monkey-keeper she glassed at zoo party
AT&T blasts cable mergers, says cable companies should compete instead
Zoo meerkat expert sentenced over assault on monkey handler
Woman Calls 911 for About the 75th Time This Year to Report Missing Cell Phone
Aunt Sues 12-Year-Old Nephew Over Hug Injury
Moving on from the land of rape and honey.
'Dance Moms' star Abby Lee Miller accused of fraud in federal indictment
Alaska Governor Says More Oil Drilling Needed to Combat Climate Change
Aunt sues then 8-year-old nephew for $127,000 over enthusiastic birthday hug
Man found alive in mortuary dies
Refused Rs 100, beggar drags man to death
Three teens died after being hypnotized by their principal. Now their families are getting $200,000 each.
Santa Claus elected to North Pole city council
Indian President says Indians love Hummus, Israeli politicians hear Hamas
'Rape and honey' slogan dropped by Tisdale, Sask.
Tennessee County Closes All Schools Indefinitely, Director Blames Obamacare
Neighbors thought body on fence was Halloween decoration
Steve Huffman: "Reddit Has Been Home To Some Of The Most Authentic Conversations"
El Chapo prison escape: guards ignored loud hammering in drug lord's cell
Woman live-streams herself while drunk driving
Michigan democratic aid was arrested after beating gay lover with a shovel. 'DIE DIRTY F*GGT'
Rent-a-chicken business taking flight in Kamloops
Mumbai man who woke up on autopsy dies
Bear chased into high school, whereabouts currently unknown
Phantom Pilot drops live turkeys
Tumblr Stud: Eating My Own Cum in "Leaked" Vids Doesn't Make Me Gay
Dead mouse found in Subway sandwich in Oregon
Vancouver Centre candidates face naked tenants when canvassing
Florida man and goateed wife accused of abusing elder
NewsUKCrime Former London Zoo meerkat expert fined for glassing monkey-handler in row over llama-keeper
Sri Lanka hires new hangmen for 'light administrative duty'
At London zoo, meerkat keeper fined for attacking monkey handler over llama custodian
Bowtie-wearing duck injured in bar brawl
police officer charged for illegally housing deer
Artist threatens to sue art museum after Cheetos sculpture falls over
Bill Belichick does not go grocery shopping
Cable News Edits Out Rousing Sanders Attack on Vapid Media Coverage
Man calls Toronto police hoping to watch Blue Jays game in jail
Meerkat Expert Attacked Monkey Handler Over Affair with Llama Keeper
Aggressive owl at Md. park doesn't give a hoot about runners
Martin O'Malley Makes Twitter Wet During First Democratic Debate
Best headline recently: Meerkat expert fined for attacking monkey handler in spat over llama keeper at London Zoo
Shop with 'very particular set of bins' uses Liam Neeson-inspired tactics to put off rubbish dumpers
When President Pranab Mukherjee Said Indians Love Hummus, Israel Heard Hamas
London Zoo meerkat expert fined for assaulting monkey handler in dispute over llama trainer
Meerkat-keeper must pay £800 to monkey-keeper she glassed at zoo party
Eat a 30-Pound Burrito and Earn a Stake in a Mexican Restaurant
Anti-Rape Activist Resigns After Raping Somebody
Katy Perry Once Sang Back-Up Vocals for P.O.D.
Man named Santa Claus elected to North Pole city council
Man beats woman for not bringing home In-N-Out burgers
Dunkin' Donuts Has Just Announced That It Will Perform One Abortion
Tisdale votes to drop 'Land of Rape and Honey' slogan
man legally named santa claus wins city council seat in North Pole
Meerkat keeper fined for attacking monkey handler over llama custodian
Joy Behar Declares 'I'm Aroused' by 'Hot' Bernie Sanders
Facebook post may have been fatal for Philly dad
Woman Sues Nephew for Jumping Into Her Arms at Birthday Party When He Was 8
Rare Bird Discovered, Killed
Meerkat Expert Attacked Monkey Handler Over Love Affair With Llama Keeper
Meerkat expert punished for attacking monkey handler in a row over a llama keeper at a Christmas party.
Man in Dumpster gets dumped into Olympia garbage truck
Walmart mistakenly stocks gun counter with 'Gun Oil' sex lubricant
"No choice": Aunt who sued nephew, 10 over hug that broke wrist explains herself
Meerkat handler ordered to pay £800 to monkey expert after London Zoo Christmas party brawl over llama keeper
Ludacris & Ryan Seacrest to Produce CBS Marching Band Drama
Isis 'not my cup of tea' says British woman who went to Syria to join
Jenny McCarthy on Playboy's No Nudity Plans: ''It Breaks My Heart...I Will Be Wearing My Panties at Half-Mast
Woman Confuses Super Glue for Eye Drops. Glues Eyes Shut.
Goodbye to 'he' and 'she' and hello to 'ze'?
Company that hiked drug price 5,000% now under antitrust probe
Driver cited after hitting downed plane
Astronomers may have found giant alien 'megastructures' orbiting star near the Milky Way
Aunt Sues 12-Year-Old Nephew for Bad Hug
Ariz. GOPer: Let's 'Take Guns Away From Blacks As They Are The Main Killers'
Columbus Day becomes 'Indigenous Peoples Day' in Bridgeport Public Schools
95-year-old woman driving lawnmower killed in suspected DUI crash
A New York woman sued her 12-year-old nephew for an over-enthusiastic hug-and lost
Is That Weird Aftertaste in Your Salad Dressing Cocaine?
Woman's bid to sue nephew, 12, for injuries is rebuffed by Connecticut jury
Parents are having their newborn babies cosplay as Bernie Sanders
In Serious Gaffe, Sanders Treats Opponent with Dignity and Respect
Is This the Jersey Devil or Just a Well-Timed Halloween Prank?
Santa Claus elected to North Pole, Alaska, city council
Florida woman caught drunk driving because she used Periscope to live stream her drunk drive home
'Alvin and the Chipmunks 4' will now open opposite 'Star Wars: Force Awakens'
Vladimir Putin pictured in selfie with Miss Russia finalist - and he doesn't look happy
Credit Suisse Wealth Report: There Are More Poor People In America Than China
Aunt who sued nephew for $127K says she's not after money
UN: Brazil's Police Kill Kids to "Clean Streets" for Olympics
Woman sues nephew (12) over birthday hug
Want to Own a Part of a Restaurant? Just Eat a 30-Pound Burrito
Man Accused Of Texting Drug Deal To Deputy Tells His Side Of The Story
Pope apologises after reports of priests using drugs and paying for sex with homeless men
Disgruntled Placentia man dumps human waste at town office
Tesla's New Autopilot Cars Will Change Lanes Themselves
Tisdale, SK decides "the land of rape and honey" is not an appropriate town slogan
NY Man Dies After Being Beaten at Church to Confess 'Sins'
Rand Paul: 'Dumbass' livestream shows I'm still in race
Olive Garden asks on duty police officer to leave because he was armed
Man posing as cop arrested after stopping real officer
On duty police officer kicked out of Olive Garden during his birthday lunch because he had a weapon - even though it's legal to carry one in Missouri
Santa Claus elected to North Pole City Council, no sign of reindeer
Shopkeepers Devise New Surveillance Program to Profile Black People
'Health' supplements send 23,000 to emergency rooms in U.S each year
Kirsten Dunst Ate Pizza And Grilled Cheese To Prep For 'Fargo' Role
Toronto Man Without TV Asks to Be Arrested so He Can Watch Blue Jays in Jail
Indiana man arrested for drug posession in a Cut-off top minivan with a Motorcycle stuffed in the back
Israeli Jew Stabs Another Jew in Failed Revenge Attack': The second time in less than a week that an Israeli Jew sought to attack Arabs.
Florida Man Charged With DUI in His Motorized Wheelchair
Topless activists disrupt Muslim conference in France
University Of Texas Students Aren't Happy About A New Law, So They're Whipping Out Dildos
The Gay Men Who Have Sex With Women
Cards Against Humanity starts scholarship for women in STEM
Apperently there's 5 signs that the muppets caused 9/11
Scientists claim they can change your belief on immigrants and God - with MAGNETS
Famous quotes, the way a woman would have to say them during a meeting.
Florida man and goateed wife arrested for elder abuse
Journalists Trespass, Assault Tesla employees at the Gigafactory
Alien technology possibly spotted orbiting a distant star
Boy not liable for exuberant hello that injured aunt
Lemmy Kilmister: I Had No Idea I Was Selling Vibrators
Man drove to police station to turn himself in for impaired driving
Tennessee district closes schools over lack of funding, blames Obamacare
Cards Against Humanity offers STEM scholarship for undergraduate women
D.C. church says a bike lane would infringe upon its constitutional 'rights of religious freedom'
Gun Scare at Lehman HS When Student Asks for Gum
Dorchester Man Allegedly Beats Customer at Anna's Taqueria for Ordering Too Slowly
Missouri GOP lawmakers brainstorm new abortion legislation
Niagara Falls has a new mascot: Totes McGoats
Floor mat says 'Come back with a warrant', so police do
A Woman Is Suing Her Nephew for Hugging Her Too Hard on His Eighth Birthday
There is a hockey-playing bear in Russia
Tornado sirens ring in small Illinois town after Chicago Cubs defeat St. Louis Cardinals
Man driving motorized wheelchair arrested for DUI, Palm Bay police say
The NRA Presents Gun Safety Tips for Kids of All Ages
Niceville grad who punched shark in face receives Carnegie medal
Tornado sirens and Cubs win was a coincidence
Man finds mouse in his Subway sandwich
This whistleblowing investigator was fired from a whistleblowing agency for whistleblowing
Swedish 'Bearded Villains' mistaken for ISIS cell
Cops: Man, 21, Beat Girlfriend Over Hamburgers
Breathitt County jail escapee caught after appearing in Facebook video
Desperately seeking deadly spiders in Australia
New Torture Lawsuit May Make CIA Psychologists Lose Sleep
Illinois gives lottery winners IOUs
Illinois lottery winners to get IOUs instead of checks
No bell on bicycle turns into whole slew of charges for Edmonton man
Oakland Gospel Choir Draws Nuisance Complaint, Faces $500 A Day Fine
Billings police officer charged for illegally housing deer
Occupy activist allegedly assaulted by police to be charged with assaulting police
Saudi Arabia "defends" Human Rights on Monday, beheads a man on Thursday
The Tory MP standing up for the real victim... Saudi Arabia
Curt Schilling tells Donald Trump ISIS won the Democratic debate
Top Cuban general, key forces in Syria to aid Assad, Russia, sources say
Jim Webb Promises Not to Kill Again if Elected President
Presidential aspirant wears swastika, calls self Hitler
Australian Federal Police put 12-year-old on terrorism watch list
Bank burgled, cash untouched, anti-theft kits looted
Kid beaten to death in church for not confessing
Man couriers cobras to electricity compay staffer as warning
Finnish Man purchases 3,000 gallons of alcohol in Estonia, claims it was for personal use.
Two men facing charges over Curtis Cheng murder
Hackers Prove They Can "Pwn" the Lives of Those Not Hyperconnected
Drunk driver hits drunk driver.
'Homeland is racist': artists sneak subversive graffiti on to TV show
Supreme Universal Lokhandwala Projects
Universal Supreme 19 | New Pre-Launch Project at Lokhandwala
Just Boris Johnson tackling a Japanese 10-year-old to the ground in a game of rugby
Boris Johnson knocks child to ground in touch rugby
The U.S defends human right internationally, exercises the death penalty locally.
Mayor of London Boris Johnson knocks over 10-year-old boy during rugby game in Japan
Why hasn't the US eradicated the plague?
Turns Out Testicles Have Tons of Taste Buds!
Jealous husband mails serpent to his wife's colleague
US with 30 people on death row, a presidential kill list and 1000 annual pretrail executions is smug about Saudi Arabia "defending" Human Rights on Monday whilst beheading a man on Thursday.
Two teenage brothers were brutally beaten in church - one fatally - in an effort by their parents, sister and other members to get them to confess their sins.
Tattoos are forever: now you can preserve them after you die
Airbnb offer: Stay the night with 6 million skeletons in Paris catacombs
Porn during lunch breaks is OK but smoking cannabis can get you sacked, Italy's highest court rules
Australia Writes Morrissey to Defend Plan to Kill Millions of Feral Cats
Spider, unlike citizens, free to eat
Niagara Falls introduces "Totes McGoats" recycling mascot
I like to legalize the four seasons
Report: American Toddlers Average One Shooting Per Week in 2015
Niagra Falls introduces Totes McGoats, a new mascot that will scare children into recycling
Whistleblowing investigator fired from a whistleblowing agency for whistleblowing
Niagara Falls introduces "Totes McGoats" mascot
Watch Mayor of London knock over Japanese child during game of street rugby
London mayor flattens a 10-year-old Japanese child while playing rugby
Wild bear roams Russian shopping mall before being shot dead
Watch London's Mayor Tackle a 10-Year-Old in Rugby Game
Lawmaker looks at proposal to ship water from Alaska to parched California
Blue Jays Fan Charged with Mischief After Thrown Beer Can Sprays Baby
Fatwater- new bottled water product containing fats, sweeteners, and flavoring...yum?
CIA used Westlife single as part of torture programm
A former meerkat expert at London Zoo has been ordered to pay compensation to a monkey handler she attacked with a wine glass in a love spat over a llama-keeper.
Chinese Actresses Angelababy's face examined for court case
'It's OK to watch porn at lunch': Italy's top court
Fat water is now a thing
Adobe confirms major Flash vulnerability, and the only way to protect yourself is to uninstall Flash
Church says bike lane would infringe upon 'rights of religious freedom'
Oxford University student activist who campaigned against rape culture quits after non-consensual gay sex
The U.S claims human rights internationally when it still exercises the death penalty locally.
Aunt Who Sued Nephew for Wrist Injury: 'We Love Each Other Very Much'
Lion Dissected In Front Of Children At Denmark's Odense Zoo
Russian cities ponder 1-day-a-week booze ban
Justice Denied as BP Turns $20 Billion Fine Into Tax Write-Off
Sex partner must say 'yes' every 10 minutes or it's rape, 10th graders taught in California
Guantanamo Prisoners Get to Play Video Games in a Recliner - While Being Force-Fed
Boris Johnson London Mayor Takes Out 10-Year-Old In Rugby Match
Ben Carson 'Suspends' Campaign For A Book Tour
Amsterdam music festival allows attendees to carry five ecstasy pills without prosecution
Republican presidential contender Dr. Ben Carson has put his public campaign events on hold for two more weeks to go on book tour
Hawaii Murder Suspect Says He Was Possessed By Jay Z
Woman's body found hanging from a fence mistaken for a 'Halloween decoration'
All-male 'throuple' are planning on starting a family together
Florida man gets DUI in motorized wheelchair
Putin Introduces Bill to Prohibit Canonical Religious Texts Being Designated 'Extremist'
Hot sale latest cheap Beaded Short Strapless Babydoll Dress in our Short Prom Dresses outlet online store
Snake in a box: Jealous husband mails serpent to his wife's colleague - Firstpost
Students offered grants if they tweet pro-Israeli propaganda
Meet Santa Claus, North Pole politician and medical marijuana advocate
Israeli stabbing victim: I was mistaken for Arab in hate attack
Die Hard 6 to go back in time and ruin Die Hard once and for all
Murdered woman hanging from fence mistaken for Halloween decoration
Woman believed to be on spice disrobes, trashes East Anchorage Subway
Panic strikes school after student says 'gum'
Hampshire man will listen to Rick Astley for 75 HOURS in charity challenge
Sexual supplements can be dangerous, especially when combined with cocaine
X-Rated Audio Shocks Customers At San Jose Target Store
Deaths from selfies overtake those from shark attacks
McDonald's franchisees say all-day breakfast is a nightmare
At least 12 people have died this year while taking pictures of themselves making the practice more deadly than shark attacks, of which there have only been eight recorded deaths in 2015
10 Perks Kids with Autism Get from Bullying
Bengaluru: Man finds live snake in courier sent by jealous husband
Turkish PM's '360 Degree Difference From ISIL' Blunder Sparks Viral Outcry
Principal Loses Her Job After Appearing In Twerk-Heavy Trey Songz Video
Miley Cyrus & Flaming Lips planning naked concert
Police union head calls for boycott of pumpkin patch over 'Black Lives Matter' sign
Plan calls for another board to eliminate useless state boards
Missouri GOPer wants to force Planned Parenthood to build 'Vietnam Wall' memorial for aborted fetuses
Artists got 'Homeland is racist' Arabic graffiti into the latest episode of 'Homeland'
Police shoot cow wandering I-10 in Tempe
London Mayor Boris Johnson triumphs over puny 10-year-old during rugby match in Japan
Turkish Prime Minister: 'There Is a 360-Degree Difference Between Turkish Islam and ISIS'
Squatter Lived in Attic of Arlington, VA Church for 3 Years
Register of Wills Candidate Won't Sign Same-Sex Marriage Documents
Tank buyer has to move out of two-bedroom Bristol flat
Shoppers stunned after porn plays over intercom at Target store
Florida man arrested for videotaping himself having sex with a puppy
Lucky Charms to Release Marshmallow-Only Boxes
An Australian Chicken Restaurant Has a Live Chicken Running Its Twitter
This succulent looks like an onion but it's not for eating
This 70-year-old woman shaved Hillary Clinton's face into the back of her head in San Antonio
Marshmallow Only Lucky Charms Cereal
Tisdale, Saskatchewan Votes To Change 'Land Of Rape And Honey' Slogan
People are getting shot by toddlers in the US on a weekly basis this year
1,000 Bees Delay American Airlines Flight in Dallas/Fort Worth
Pat Robertson Struggles To Explain Why He's Needed Surgery If Faith Is Enough To Heal Anybody
Someone build a real-life Thor's hammer that can only be lifted by its creator.
A guy built a real-life Thor's Hammer that only he can lift
Wendell Maxwell wins court case over his DUI DR licence plate
Porn audio blares over CA Target loudspeakers
Man in Leopard Print Outfit robs North Avenue Gas Station
Victim describes being stabbed by fellow Israeli Jewish man shouting 'you deserve it, Arab b******s!'
Man named Santa Claus elected to city council in North Pole
Yes, this is a real bear playing hockey in Russia
Google Apologizes After Photos App Tags Black Couple As "Gorillas"
Graffiti on 'Homeland,' Unnoticed by Producers, Calls Show Racist
Marshmallow-Only Lucky Charms Boxes Are Real
Santa Claus elected to public office in North Pole
Google Apologizes For Tagging Photos Of Black People as "Gorillas"
Target store blares pornographic sounds over loudspeaker
London mayor Boris Johnson flattens 10-year-old in touch rugby match
Won't you like to get gifts every time you're bored? Use my referral code: 7bf3528 to get 20 bonus coins.
Blue Jays fan arrested after hitting baby with beer during Game 5 fracas
No Bra Day Is the Latest Way to Do Nothing About Breast Cancer
Cops Go Ahead & Paint Parking Space Numbers Over Brooklyn Bike Lane
Denmark Danish zoo publicly dissects a lion: 'Fun, but also a bit disgusting'
Elections official removes Canadian flag from an advanced polling station. Says the red in the flag could be interpreted as support for Liberals.
Slain woman's body mistaken for Halloween decoration in Ohio
DAIRY CRACK: THE SCIENCE BEHIND YOUR CRIPPLING CHEESE ADDICTION
Texas university will allow guns in dorm rooms but nerf guns are strictly prohibited
'Misunderstanding' led to Canadian flag being removed from Manitoba poll
Graffiti artists hired by 'Homeland' mock 'racist' TV show in aired scenes
Illinois State Lottery Can't Pay Its Winners
'Blue Lives Matter' Billboards Show Up In St. Louis
Glaswegian accent is Britain's sexiest, say Americans
Bridge is not a sport, U.K. court rules
Clinton's camp says she 'could have a serious meltdown'
Doctors call on hospital cafeterias to be more like Chipotle
Americans find Glasgow accent 'Britain's sexiest'
Goats Who Eat Soap Are The Enemy Of Global Handwashing Day
Strong Debate Ratings Make CNN Consider Introducing Substance into Programming - The New Yorker
Santa Claus elected to city council in North Pole
3rd Baby in 3 Months Dies After Being Tossed From NYC Window
Trump, Carson threaten to boycott next GOP debate
Feds arrest Fox News 'terrorism expert' for pretending to be a former CIA agent
What could go wrong with a gun designed for the elderly and disabled.
Prosecutors Say "Terrorism Expert" Was Actually Just an Expert at Conning Fox News Producers
Long time Fox News Former CIA Operative Expert arrested, for lying about being a CIA Operative.
'Herbal Viagra' is not Viagra
Poultry company has a live chicken running its Twitter account
Cop responds to 911 call for a paramedic immediately shoots 4 year old then leaves and later claims he was trying to shoot the dog.
PORN BLASTED OVER LOUDSPEAKERS IN CALIFORNIA TARGET, MAKES KIDS CRY
Australian Chicken Chain Lets an Actual Chicken Run Its Twitter Account
Colorado McDonald's Offers First Marijuana Friendly Smoking Section
Someone played pornography over a loudspeaker at a California Target store and parents freaked out
Fast food lover 'attacked girlfriend because she didn't bring home burgers'
Spooky Halloween Decoration Turns Out to be a Murdered Mutilated Woman
Cops: Man wipes 'butt cheeks' with summons, tosses it at officer
Meth. Not even once.
Finnish journalist labeled 'terrorist' after asking Erdoğan if he is dictator
Obama's tank takeback ticks off some Florida law officers
Khloe Kardashian calls Nevada brothel boss "attention seeking" for speaking to the media about Lamar Odom
Scientists reduce belief in God by shutting down the brains medial frontal cortex.
Man wants refund for bad drugs, gets jail instead.
Danish zoo publicly dissects a lion: 'Fun, but also a bit disgusting'
Police: Man on roller blades steals ambulance
Mustached Kingfisher: Scientist defends killing rare bird after taking first-ever photo
Murdered woman hanging from fence mistaken for zombie
Danish man has been arrest after police have found 21 severed vaginas in his freezer
Man Arrested After Police Found 21 Vaginas In His Freezer
London Zoo love triangle: Meerkat expert must compensate monkey handler for attack over llama-keeper
Arabic graffiti artists hired to write Arabic graffiti for TV Show use it to show displeasure with the show.
Zookeeper love triangle leads to monkey business
Benjy the 'gay' bull is actually bisexual!
After decades of study, scientists are about to agree on how much a kilogram weighs
Selfie Stick Aerobics Is A Fun & Subtle Way To Promote Body Positivity
Young woman eats 20 kitchen sponges a day
Boy Defends Aunt Who Sued Him Over Hug Injury
3 Canadian girls die on farm after being buried in canola seeds
CIA 'used beatings and Westlife song to torture Tanzanian fisherman Suleiman Abdullah'
Sheriff: Man posing as officer stops real deputy
Alaska Governor Wants to Pay for Climate Change Programs by Drilling in Arctic Wildlife Refuge
Alaska Governor Wants To Drill In The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to Pay For Climate Programs
Police: Man wearing rollerblades steals ambulance
Stabbed Israeli Jew mistaken for Arab lashes out at escalating violence
Target customers terrified as explicit porn plays over loudspeakers
People being shot by toddlers on a weekly basis in the US
Man tries to escape scene of armed robbery in an Uber
People are criticizing my dad, Jim Webb, for killing a man. Here's what they're missing.
Miley Cyrus to play concert naked, while also nude audience are 'spewed' with white stuff
Arabic graffiti in Homeland says 'Homeland is Racist'
Turkish Prime Minister: "There is a 360-degree difference between the Islam we defend and what ISIS has on its mind"
Fox News CIA Analyst Charged With Impersonating A CIA Agent
Indian president shocks gathering of Israeli MPs by telling them 'I love Hamas'... when he actually meant to say he likes HUMMUS
The Fox, The Bear, and The Tale To Tell
Officials: Mom stuffed meth, oxycodone inside tampons for inmate daughter
United Patriots Front: Anti-Islam group leader Shermon Burgess quits over mocking by other patriots
Porn plays over loud speaker at Target
Doug Ford Says Justin Trudeau Can't Lead Because He Smoked Weed
Target Store Accidentally Plays Porn Audio Over PA System
Offical Photos: "TVD" Season 7 Episode 3 Titled "Age of Innocence"
CKPG News Anchor Couldn't Wait To Tell His 'Uranus' Joke On Live TV (VIDEO)
Paper is Dropbox's new vision for how teams can work together
100-year-old Mets fan will toss you from the house if you root for the Yankees
LAPD officers to go undercover as Mets fans during Game 5
Halloween Decorations So Scary, They Had To Be Taken Down
ustomers say porn played over Target store's intercom.
SWAT Team In Six Hour Standoff with EMPTY House
Woman's body hanging from fence mistaken for Halloween decoration
Chinese actress Angelababy's face examined for court case
Lucky Charms Is Releasing Marshmallow-Only Boxes
All Clear: SWAT team finds Cottonwood heights house empty
General Mills Makes Marshmallow-Only Lucky Charms Box of Cereal
Advertisers admit it: 'We messed up' the Web
San Jose Target shocked when they hear loud porn over PA system
Aussies get behind proposal to change currency to dollarydoos
Woman Allegedly Murdered 42 Years Ago Is Found Alive, Doing Better Than Most Corpses
THERE'S ACTUALLY A PETITION TO CHANGE AUSTRALIAN DOLLARS TO DOLLARYDOOS
Dead Body Mistaken for Halloween Decorations
Snoop Dogg invites owner of world's biggest swede backstage for a chat about 'vegetation'
Oxford: Anti-Rape Activist Resigns After Raping Somebody
Khloe Kardashian hits back at 'publicity-seeking' boss of Nevada brothel where Lamar Odom was found who said the TV family tried to silence him from doing press
Camila Batmanghelidjh unmasked as Camila Brucewayneghelidjh
Israel condemned for publishing pictures of "dead" teen receiving medical care in Israeli hospital to prove their innocence of murdering him.
Hunters shoot dead two elk in Norway zoo
Kids are trading head lice for money to get time off school
Spooky Halloween Decoration Turns Out to be a Murdered Woman
Who's a pretty boy then? Man cuts off his ears to look like a parrot
Students pepper-sprayed, cuffed during R.I. high school protest in response to alleged police brutality against a student. [/r/news x-post]
Brooklyn sex zine gets infiltrated by Islamist terrorists
London mayor Boris Johnson flattens young Japanese rugby fan
'Gumtree baby say': South African mother arrested
Woman fights home intruder and holds him at sword point until police arrive.
£14m spent on private jets to deport asylum seekers in 18 months
Children In Tears As Audio from a Porn Movie Plays Over Target PA System
Texas State Rep. Pretty Sure Bernie Sanders, A Jewish Person, Is A Nazi
Woman convicted of witchcraft to get retrial 300 years on
'Fired for sprinkling too much chocolate on a McFlurry': McDonald's waitress claims unfair dismissal from fast food giant over extra topping she added to dessert
This Afghan Teen Escaped Forced Marriage By Making A Rap Video
I young couple was seen walking down A railway line, When all of .................... ............. ........................... ..........
Black woman's racist rant on a London bus
Animal lover with more than 100 tattoos gets his ears chopped off to look like his parrots
Westboro Baptist to picket 'Fake Christian' Kim Davis
Woman eats up to 20 Fairy Liquid dipped sponges a day to feed her addiction
Squatter's protest of plan to demolish Portland home, drawing crowd, goat, police
Florida woman picks sex over surrender in police standoff
Hula Grill hullabaloo: City shutters recently opened restaurant over smell complaint
Former ISIS hostage says 'Jihadi John' beat him, forced him to dance Tango
Dead Ohio woman's body mistaken for Halloween decoration
French parents banned from naming their child 'Prince William'
Can Disney stop ISIS with Microsoft Office?
A Toddler Has Shot Someone Every Week In 2015, Washington Post Reports
Toddlers in the U.S. average one shooting per week this year
Fox News 'terror expert' Wayne Simmons arrested for lying about 27-year career as CIA officer
They are releasing a version of Lucky charms that is only marshmallows, but there's a catch. (I'm guessing the catch is diabetes.)
Couple Prolongs Police Standoff for Sex 'One Last Time'
Saudi female candidates warned not to meet voters
Cops: Pennsylvania woman did her laundry in woman's bathtub
Police Offer Marijuana Grower Counseling in Facebook Post
California Target store plays porn over loudspeakers.
Zambia prepares for national prayer day to save currency-AFP
Target Store in California has porn playing over the speakers, proving that not everyone gives their two week notice.
Man dressed as ninja turle steals $10,000 worth of lego
Drunken 'Olivia Pope' reports attack on White House from Iowa City bar
A Toddler Has Shot Someone Every Week In 2015
Being Hung Over at Work Costs the U.S. $77 Billion a Year
Man decides to 'Rickroll' himself for four days solid - and is only allowed to eat porridge and rice
Florida couple extends police standoff to have sex 'one last time'
Porn audio blares over Target loudspeakers
11-year-old's sketch helps police catch serial burglar
The sheriff of San Francisco cannot carry a gun due to having failed a shooting test, and also has a criminal record.
Huckabee: DC-Wall Street is like a strip club
In world record bid, Australian chicken goes on a tweeting spree
Neighbors thought slain woman's body on fence was halloween decoration
Guy with Motor Neurone Disease announces his death and funeral in advance, before assisted suicide.
Landlord Tory MP says law requiring homes be fit for human habitation is an unnecessary burden
Man drives 500 laps around roundabout in Carmel, IN to 'raise awareness for transportation alternatives'
Man jailed after turning up in court dock with large amount of cocaine
Luton man Waqas Khan jailed for possessing cocaine whilst in court on another drug charge
Netflix Outage Disrupts Chill Sessions Across the U.S.
MO toddlers responsible for more shootings than in any other state
Mike Huckabee Wants to Sell Poor Criminals Into Slavery
#GamerGate vs the United Nations
'The world is ending, please stop having sex': Protester draws bemused looks from baffled commuters
I Tried to Live Like Gwyneth Paltrow for a Week
Bills Store Selling Air Pumps Before Patriots Game
On Swedish TV, Dancing Tampons Teach Kids About Menstruation
Niagara Falls has a terrifying new recycling mascot called 'Totes McGoats'
Totes McGoats: Niagara Falls' 'terrifying' recycling mascot is freaking people out
X-rated sounds blast out of Target store's speakers
Canadian flag too Liberal for Manitoba polling station
Ex-hostage: ISIS executioner 'Jihadi John' made me tango with him
Doug Ford criticizes Justin Trudeau for using pot.
York College student fined $136.50 for skateboarding on the street
Ebola is now an STD
Vermont Judge Drops Fugitive Charges Against Randy Quaid, Who Wants to Be a Fireman Now
Guy Sues After Skull Crushed by Giant Falling Pine Cone
Ladies, You Can Wear Men's Briefs as Shirts to Save Money. Just Ask This Russian TV Show.
A Teacher Lost 56 Pounds Eating Nothing but McDonald's, and People are Pissed
A teacher who lost 56 pounds eating only McDonald's is starring in a documentary to show kids about 'healthy' eating
Woman Arrested In Walmart For Trying On Tampons In the Feminine Care Aisle
Traveler hides cocaine in oil, vinegar bottles
Neighbors Mistake Body of Murdered Woman Hanging From Fence as Halloween Decoration
Mobile and Email Database Free Download Link, Mobile Number and Email ID Data List Free
Huckabee: Poor Criminals Should Be Sold Into Slavery
A jolt from peanut butter: the newest way to get a caffeine fix
I cut off my ears to look like my parrot
Very good dog given award by governor for being very good
Study Finds People Who Drink Coffee Black Are More Likely To Be Psycopaths
Russian driver throws pedestrian into canal for touching his car
Husband declared dead twice; wife sues
Owls attacking runners with specific hairstyle
Fredricton School Lockdowns Triggered by Man with Umbrella
Leonardo DiCaprio wants to make a movie about the Volkswagen emission scandal
Radical Anti-Rape Activist Resigns After Admitting She Raped Someone
Fredericton school lockdowns triggered by man with umbrella.
Rob Ford's Brother Says Trudeau Can't Lead Because He Smoked Weed
Stolen Portland truck found but tofu and organic drinks missing
Dying Woman Donates Her Pussy to Drake
Russian Prez say the only thing he likes about America is 2PAC
Jihadi John forced ISIS hostage to tango in jail
Actual HuffPost headline: "We Stayed At Trump's Hotel In Las Vegas. What Happened Next Was Yuuuuge."
Killed teenager in New York 'wanted to leave church'
Dismissed as Halloween Prop, Body Turns Out to Be Murder Victim
University Officials Afraid Students Will Misunderstand "Blackout"
Clive James: 'Still being alive is embarrassing'
Woman's Pregnant Selfies Take A Horrifying Turn
Murdered woman's body mistaken for hanging Halloween decoration
The American boy arrested for making a clock meets Sudan's president, an accused war criminal
Actor Mel Gibson Furious Over Daughter's Marriage to a Jew
NYC taxi pilot will ditch the meter and calculate your fare with GPS
minions get arrested for selling bananas in china
A record label is up for sale on craiglist, seriously
Show Me The Votes Foundation - quest to audit voting machines
Police killed a prize winning cow after she ignored clearely stated "stop resisting" command. Owner told them to keep the corpse..
Orphaned Seal Returns To Ocean After Being Rescued ... By Cows
Couple chooses sex over surrender in standoff with police
Man sues for access to sexually explicit videos in bikini barista case
The Daily Beast: Air Force Investigating 'Miley-Gate'
Air Force Investigating 'Miley-Gate'
Police opened fire with live ammunition on the peaceful Sikh protesters leading to the deaths. STOP barbaric activities against Sikh community in Punjab!
Woman Wants to Sue Husband to Force Him to Sleep With Her
These Italian Criminal Masterminds Heisted $875,000 Worth of Parmesan
Mitt Romney: Donald Trump has said "hurtful," "childish" things
34th District Republicans endorse Goodspaceguy for Seattle Port Commission
China wants a moon base and space ants
Alaska governor says state needs more oil drilling to pay for climate change
Westboro Baptist Church to Protest Workplace of Kim Davis
Illinois is so broke, lotto winners will receive an I.O.U
This Man Took a Selfie Every Day for 8 Years
Student driver rams 9-1-1 Driving School in Bellevue
China warns Britain not to bring up human rights during Xi Jinping's visit because he would be offended [X-Post r/worldnews]
Drivers-ed student crashes car through front of driving school
Westboro Baptist Church will picket Kentucky clerk Kim Davis
Crimefighter leaves rifle at Utah Capitol to protest gun violence
Lottery winners in Illinois get IOUs for prizes over $600
Driver's Ed student fails test by crashing into driving school
Westboro Baptist to Picket Kim Davis for Being Fake Christian, Adulteress, Self-Righteous Hypocrite
Fraternities Hire Trent Lott To Lobby For Limiting Campus Sexual Assault Investigations
Man dies while having sex with scarecrow he dressed up as a woman
Police anti-grey market measure: Tip-offs wanted on under 6-euro pizzas
Pro-migrant activist stabbed by migrants in Germany
McDonald's pushes movie to schools that shows McDonald's as weight-loss tool
Westboro Baptist Church to picket Kentucky clerk Kim Davis
Lamar Odom Reportedly Opened His Eyes and Acknowledged Khloé Kardashian
US Forest Service sued over Nestlé bottled water controversy
Canadian flag removed from building after employee feared it violated election rules
'I will kick you in the uterus' - Woman's racist outburst against Muslim women goes viral
Gay-Hating Church to Protest Clerk Who Denied Marriage Licenses to Gay Couples
Customers Say Porn Played Over Target Store's Intercom
Kim Davis To Receive Wrath Of Westboro Baptist Church
Netflix Outage Disrupts Chill Sessions Across US
Woman Charged With Burglary- Blames it on Black Men
Sheboygan Woman Charged With Burglary- Blames it on Black Men
Jay-Z forgot he owns Tidal
Jeb Bush suggests Washington Redskins change name to ... Northern Virginia Redskins
Boring Man Sentenced For Boring Fishing-Related Offense
Westboro Baptist Church to picket Kim Davis' office
Kim Davis To Receive Wrath Of Westboro Baptist Church On Monday
'Ninja Turtle thief' steals $10,000 worth of Lego
Hamas vs Hummus - Indian president raises eyebrows (xpost world news)
Hamas vs hummus: Indian president raises MKs' eyebrows
The Plan to Make California Wet by Bringing Back Beavers
6-Year-Old Meets Dad At Bus Stop In Tears. That's When He Notices Her PANTS Are MISSING...
Pilot sues airline, saying it won't accommodate his snoring
Joanna Newsom compares Spotify to a rotten banana
Clinton vows to make gun safety a central theme of her campaign
McDonald's franchisees say the brand is in a 'deep depression' and 'facing its final days'
Drunk Woman Called 911 Pretending to be Olivia Pope: Cops
GIRL CANCELS NETFLIX ACCOUNT AFTER THIRD PREGNANCY IN 4 YEARS
California sex ed classes now teach it's rape if your partner doesn't give verbal consent every 10 minutes
This man cut off his ears to look like his pet parrot
Swedish Children's Show Uses Dancing Tampons to Teach Kids About the Facts of Life
Bernie Sanders Gives Martin Shkreli's Donation to an HIV Clinic
An Orthodox priest blesses Russian missiles for airstrikes in Syria
Police Gun Down Cow in Street After "Feeling Threatened" by It
Of Course You Side 96% With Bernie Sanders, You White Barista
Westboro Baptist Church tells 'fake Christian' Kim Davis to issue marriage licenses for same-sex couples
Cheap prom dresses in Long One Shoulder Gown with a Sheer Back!
France rejects 'tampon tax' change
Why all the cool kids are bringing pee strips into bars
Police: Woman broke into home's bathroom to do laundry
Meerkat expert bashes monkey handler in face over llama-keeper in zoo love triangle
Driver's ed student crashes car through front of driving school
Why People With Down Syndrome Should Be Allowed to Compete in MMA
NYC Woman Sued 12 yrs old Nephew Over A Hug That Broke Her Wrist
DA: Woman attacks man with baby during food stamps dispute
Kentucky Prosecutor: Being Hispanic 'Probable Cause' For Being Pulled Over
Chicken restaurant trains an actual chicken to run its twitter account.
Donald Trump suggests George W. Bush bears some blame for 9/11
A Man In Ohio Got Too High And Called The Cops
Jeb Bush defends brother after Donald Trump blames him for 9/11
Cây xanh trong nhà đẹp
Want a gun? Take a bullet: Take this, gutless NRA cowards - you can have a gun, once you understand the pain of being shot
This Photo Will Make You Question Going To The Toilet Later
'Fess Up, Grannies, You Ate The Butter Cookies
Space ambassador, Lucifer among Philippines' presidential hopefuls
Westboro Baptist Church Claim Kim Davis Is An Adulterer and Say They Will Picket Her Workplace
Cops Wait Politely While Fugitive Has Sex 'One Last Time' During Standoff
CORRECTION: We Apologize For Failing To Report That Tracy Morgan's Kid Is Adorable
Police Nearly Arrest Beard Club Members Mistaken for ISIL
Baby dies after grandma ODs on heroin while babysitting
Westboro Baptist Church to picket 'fake Christian' Kim Davis
Dead Rodent Found In Subway Sandwich
Chicken takes over twitter account for fast-food chain
Lindsay Lohan to run for US president in 2020
Police tackle cyclist to the ground for not wearing a helmet
Slain woman's body mistaken for Halloween decoration
Police tackle cyclist for riding without a helmet
Zambia prepares for national prayer day to save currency
Obama Warns Russia Can't 'Bomb Way' To Peace In Syria
Rick Astley supports 'crazy' Rickroll challenge
Formula 1 Boss Bernie Ecclestone, says that he's the "biggest supporter" of Russian president Vladimir Putin, and that FIFA president Sepp Blatter "should not have stepped down"
Uzbeks Reportedly Forced to Glue Cotton Back Onto Bushes to Please Prime Minister
Scientists Claim Zapping Brains with Magnets Can Treat Belief in God | The Stream
Scientists Claim Zapping Brains with Magnets Can Treat Belief in God
Ben Carson says Americans were better educated in the 1830s than they are today. No, they weren't.
Former Playboy Twins In Car Crash On Way To Get Nipples Pierced, Sources Say
'You Can't Lecture Mugabe on the Economy, He Holds a Degree in Economics'
Pub owner forgets to get booze licence (x-post from /r/Southampton)
Woman hits police car, says 'Sorry, didn't see because car is grey'
The world's most notorious drug lord has become Mexico's hit Halloween costume.
Tower of London staff 'used magic to repel the forces of the Devil'
Palestinian Children Shown How To Stab A Jew
Sex delay extends night-long standoff with police on Jacksonville's Westside
Neighbors clap, cheer as couple is arrested on meth charges
Human Person Malia Obama May Have Engaged in Totally Normal Activity
Undercover Cops Allegedly Caught Getting Happy Endings From Prostitutes Are Suing Everyone | Mediaite
Mike Huckabee, GOP Presidential Candidate, Suggests Poor People Should Be Sold Into Slavery For Stealing
Pret A Manger under fire over its liberal use of coriander
Inspiring Fugitive Couple Prolongs Police Standoff to Squeeze in One Last Fuck
Arkansas Man Arrested For "Pimping Beavers" On Craigslist Out Of Dirty Motel
Racist Rant Suspect Held After Video Posted
U.K. Women says she eats 20 sponges a day
'They teach kids to stab Jews at school' claims Israel's new UN envoy
Monty Python Lost Holy Grail Animation Is Really Weird, Contains Rectal Trumpeting
Man Caught In Dock With Cocaine At Drug Trial
Anti-Rape activist resigns after raping someone.
Oxford University Anti-Rape Activist Confesses to Rape, Gets Away with It
Lindsay Lohan eyes political career
Washington DC is Turning Our Nation's Poop into Power
DA: Man tries to punch woman, hits baby instead
Lindsay Lohan hints at 2020 presidential run with emoji-filled Instagram post
Lindsay Lohan: 'In #2020 I may run for president'
Lindsay Lohan Announces She's Running For President In 2020, Wants To Take Care Of Suffering Children
Clowns in vans chasing terrified children spark warning 'go straight home after school today and not to loiter'
Westboro Baptist Church to protest Kim Davis
Lindsay Lohan Says She Might Also Run for President in 2020
HuffPost author breaks down in tears after realizing she is less oppressed than others.
Models wear models at Paris fashion show
'Pizza Rat Blvd' sign in Brooklyn honors determined rodent
'Pizza Rat Boulevard' Is Where Pizza Rat Dreams Come True
Brooklyn Street Renamed "Pizza Rat Blvd"
Westboro Baptist Church Tells 'Fake Christian' Kim Davis To Issue Same-Sex Marriage Licenses
Man says he left package containing gun at Capitol to protest violence
Uzbek farmers told to glue cotton back on bushes ahead of state trip
Man knocked out by hot sauce in fight over graham crackers.
Kangaroo Gets Loose In NY Neighborhood
Wealth therapy tackles woes of the rich: 'It's really isolating to have lots of money'
Extreme Weather: Is it all in your mind?
Man attempts to escape Cumming police through air ducts at hospital
Yaletown pepper spray attack sent 20 running, abandoning chicken wings
Kangaroo Gets Loose in NYC Neighborhood
Homeless Albert Einstein look-alike arrested for groping woman outside Port Authority
Students ,stay at home mums earn $1500monthly online
Library bans workers from drinking water at desk
Westboro Baptist Church will protest Kim Davis for refusing to issue marriage licenses to gay couples
Trump faces backlash for blaming ex-President George W. Bush for 9/11
Cavuto And Pals: Democrats Fomenting Class Envy During Debate
Man Butt-Dialed 911, Arrested on Warrant
Magnets on Brain Reduce Belief in God, Prejudice Toward Immigrants
Mommy Blogger Accused of Injecting 9-Year-Old Daughter With Urine
Cops: Standoff with fugitive prolonged for sex
A Socialism of the Skins
Mom warns others after baby's photos turned into memes
You Won't Believe Who's About to Give Kim Davis a Taste of Her Own Medicine
New Hampshire School Disciplines Student After Finding 'Death Note' Book
Westboro Baptist Church Is About to Protest Kim Davis for Her Multiple Marriages
Kent police issue warning after people wearing clown masks chase school children
Police called over men in clown masks chasing children outside schools
Former Porn Actress Attacked by Raccoon on Fire Island
Former Porn Star Attacked by Raccoon on Fire Island
'Jihadi John made me tango dance with him and then beat me': Freed ISIS hostage describes torture
Canadian-flag pin barred, briefly, from Thornhill polling station
Woman demands sex from suspect, delays arrest
The man who cut off his ears to look like a parrot
Man Tried to Rob Uniformed Cop: NYPD
Man who left rifle at Capitol was 'promoting anti-gun violence'
'Hangover cure' coming to Sydney could encourage binge drinking, Opposition says
Former Fox News Pundit Is Arrested, Charged With Fabricating A CIA Past
Was George W. Bush President On 9/11? An Investigation Into The Controversy Tearing The GOP Apart
"A swarm of marauding dragons with the capacity to shoot flames a thousand feet or more could destroy life on this planet as we know it," Carson told Fox News.
Clowns chase kids; town on high alert
Woman Charged With Criminal Mischief for Giving Water to Thirsty Animals
10 Women You Won't Believe Exist
#BabiesForBernie catches on social media
Fake Cop Arrested for Pulling Over Real Officer in Florida
Lindsay Lohan announces 2020 presidential bid
Fake Cop Arrested for Pulling Over Real Officer
God help this world! Social media diva Lindsay Lohan announces 2020 presidential bid
Fake cop arrested after pulling over real one
5 shot, 1 dead at Zombie Convention
Anti-Vaxxers Fund Study That Finds No Link Between Vaccines And Autism
Kangaroo Bounces Away From Staten Island Home
Statue of Buddha on Mars
Scientist under attack after he kills bird that took decades to find
Mom finds racist note stuffed inside Wendy's kids meal
The devil made her do it: 'Hell on Wheels' arrested for DUI
Florida man with warrant accidentally calls police on himself
1 Dead, 4 Hurt in Shooting at Florida 'ZombiCon'
Duck walks into pub, drinks pint, fights dog, loses. Maintains bow tie.
Jerusalem Man With Nunchucks Subdues Terrorist
Chinese marathon organizers appologize for not seeing the winner.
Frustrated US Man Asks UK Queen to 'Take Back America', She Says 'No'
School teachers in Utah given free gun training
Zambia's president seeks divine intervention in a declining economy
Deadly shooting sparks panic at ZombiCon event in Fort Myers, Florida
Lord Almighty: Lungu calls day of prayer and fasting, for God to save bleeding kwacha
What can we do if somebody rapes you? Indian politician asks journalist
Chinese president snubs Mark Zuckerberg's request for baby name.
Man tries to set record for bulging eyes out of his head, disqualified for popping them out too far
8 Sneaky Racial Code Words and Why Politicians Love Them
Cabinet minister accused of stealing woman's underwear refuses to talk about it
In Burlington, Vandals Lop Off Ronald McDonald's Head, Feet
Bedlam, death rock Florida ZombiCon fest
Donald Trump suggests George Bush failed to stop 9/11 attacks
Hunters kill 2 moose, realize they are inside zoo
Florida Woman Arrested, Accused of Riding Sea Turtle
Scientists reconstruct the DNA of a war hero from the semen that he left on a handkerchief and gifted to his lover, 100 years ago.
Father Of The Space Shuttle, George Mueller, Dies At Age 97
Giant 20ft crocheted bra fails to sell on eBay
CNN: Deadly shooting sparks panic at ZombiCon event in Fort Myers Florida
Meerkat Expert Attacked Monkey Handler With Wine Glass Over Llama Keeper
Bishops naturally leftwing, suggests minister after plea to take more refugees
Bachelor party guests burned by exotic dancer with pepper spray-Bachelor, Bachelorette bus parties mix it up until dust-up ends with bear spray blast
1 Killed, 4 Injured in Shooting at ZombiCon
Four wounded, one dead when man opens fire in crowded ZombiCon street festival.
Florida Man Kills 1, Injures 5 in Shooting at ZombiCon.
Fan suffers heart attack after wild Michigan-Michigan State finish
Man goes without sex for a year for charity
Hungover employees are costing the U.S. economy billions of dollars, new CDC report says
18 Yr Old Senior Arrested for Smelly Vagina at High School
Buddha Statue Found on Mars! : DNews
UN climate reports are increasingly unreadable
Sheriff's Deputy Fatally Shot by Patient Being Treated at Minnesota Hospital
Spain to teach bullfighting in schools
Punished boy dressed as woman, paraded around Wal-Mart
Parachutist injured on landing during military funeral service
Principal doesn't want teachers sitting - so she threw out all desks
Amazon sues more than 1,000 people over 'fake reviews'
Internet trolls force choirmaster to give up 75-hour Rick Astley marathon
By the Sea Full Movie Download Free HD
Bachelor party guests burned by exotic dancer with pepper spray
North Korea reportedly willing to sign peace treaty with US
Westboro Baptist Church takes aim at Kim Davis for being a 'fake Christian'
Kissing scene brings Iranian Kurdish director six years imprisonment, 223 lashes
Pendleton bar owners charged with theft of old hospital doors
Man(24) dies on flight moments after biting other passengers
Zombie festival shooting leaves one dead, five injured
The Internet Can't Get Enough of Babies Dressed Like Bernie Sanders
Wealth Therapists' Musings on the Hardships Facing the Super-Rich Are As Absurd As You Imagined
Cockatoo at large in Brookline, and residents aren't happy
Trump: My immigration plans would have prevented 9/11
Sticky situation: maple syrup bandits face Quebec courts for infamous heist
Hunters kill two elk in Norway zoo accident
Hunters shoot two elk - then realise they were firing through fence into zoo
Has Kepler Discovered an Alien Megastructure?
Target stores have had to be "evacuated" after being unable to stop pornagraphic noises pranksters installed onto their PA system
Hit and run suspect collides with Camas PD car
Mississippi judge: 'People charged with crimes, they are criminals'
Canadian PM stumps for votes with ex drug-using Toronto mayor
NFL Network Airs Several Nude Bengals Players
Pastor kills brick-wielding man during church service
GodRules Says the Dumbest shit « Meme Maker - Make a Meme Online
GodRules Quotes « Meme Maker - Make a Meme Online
Pepsi is making a Pepsi Smartphone
GodRules tells Domestic Violence Victims to Grow up! « Meme Maker - Make a Meme Online
GodRules Idiot Quotes « Meme Maker - Make a Meme Online
Elderly lady destroys children's playground because of noisy children
Couple prolongs police standoff to have sex "one last time"
Almost nobody would support a military coup against Jeremy Corbyn, poll finds
Landlord offers vegetarian rental discount
Church of Lucifer to Open in Heart of Bible Belt
Black Lives Matter Activists Declare Solidarity with Palestine
GodRules on the Patriarchy and NWO « Meme Maker - Make a Meme Online
Poland may sue over claim Poles killed more Jews than Germans during war
Leaked! Alcatel OneTouch May Also Run On Windows 10
After Putting Their Faith in God, High School Football Team Goes Winless
BIRD BRAIN! Man Cuts Off Ears To Look More Like His Parrot
Look What "Man of the People" Bernie Sanders Just Did to a Waiter
Man dies on Dublin-bound flight 'after biting passenger'
Aer Lingus Passenger Flips Out, Bites Fellow Passenger, Dies
Man Dies on Aer Lingus Flight After Biting Another Passenger
'Pro-Life' Senator Impregnates Former Sex Worker, Forces Her Into an Abortion
Ministers 'took pieces of broken table' during wild spill night party in Tony Abbott's office suite
'Zombies' flee as deadly fire breaks out
Chicago Mayor blames viral police brutality videos for rising murder numbers
Zambia seeks divine help to tackle economic woes
Homeless invited to $35,000 wedding feast in California after groom pulls out
Russia and Europe to launch joint mission to dark side of the moon, and build a base there.
Finnish police ask public to report cheap pizzas
Aer Lingus passenger dies after being bitten by fellow passenger
Jeb Bush: 'Does Anybody Actually Blame My Brother For 9/11?'
Pepsi planning to market Android smartphone 'P1'
Beverage giant Pepsi is launching a smartphone in China
17-year-old girl tries to kill spider, allegedly causes four-vehicle accident injuring eleven
Aer Lingus passenger dies after 'biting another passenger'
Spongebob Squarepants is being adapted into a Broadway musical with David Bowie, Sting, Steven Tyler and Cyndi Lauper (among others) writing the music for the show.
Massachusetts town issues 'citations' for good behavior
Sanders to 'SNL': 'I have an ample supply of underwear'
Three White Hall cleaners made redundant after asking Foreign Secretary for a living wage
A 'SpongeBob' musical is coming to Broadway
Ousted president Yanukovych sues Ukraine in European court
Lindsay Lohan Announces Aspirations To Run For President In 2020
Six people stabbed during party in Yolo County
Really? Lindsay Lohan for president in 2020
Police: 11 injured in Kansas crash involving a spider
Westboro Baptist to protest Kim Davis' multiple marriages
'UFO' lands in south London street
Brazilian man bites passenger on Irish aircraft, collapses and dies; woman arrested for drugs
David Bowie, Aerosmith, Flaming Lips Pen Songs for 'SpongeBob Musical'
Lindsay Lohan says she may run for president in 2020
Harper forced to ask Ford brothers to eat chicken wings more quietly at campaign appearance
The 'sexist' words your children are no longer allowed to use at school.
North Korea's brainwashing plans are being foiled by Frozen's Queen Elsa
A hacker has figured out how to hack into internet-connected kettles and steal passwords
Once limited to voting, Chicago's deceased residents now graduating from City Colleges.
Officer accused of biting man's testicle no longer on force
Kelis ditches milkshakes in her new cookbook
Tombstone actor shoots another actor during Helldorado Days
Texas Woman Dials 911 Because of Possible Zombie Apocalypse In Downtown Denver
NYC nears record for rat complaints: 'I've seen rats walking upright, saying, "Good morning"'
Zambia's currency is falling so fast its president asked the country to pray for it
Steinitz: Abbas' anti-Jewish incitement reaches Hitler's level
Corpse hanging from fence mistaken for Halloween decoration
Ousted President Sues Ukraine For 'Violating' His Rights
Brazilian man bites plane passenger, collapses, dies; woman arrested for drugs
Sightings of a 'floating city' in China are simply an optical illusion, say scientists
Westboro Baptist Church Protests Kim Davis
Stop with the Kim Jong-un jokes, China commands (and it's not joking)
Pastor shoots, kills attacker in church
3D Printing Used to Make First Real Handheld Railgun
Aer Lingus passenger suffered 'horrible death' after biting fellow traveller
Corral gunfight not OK as two hit with live bullets in Tombstone, Arizona
Teen stoner says he hacked CIA director's AOL account
UPDATE: Live rounds used during gunfight re-enactment, actor shot
Lindsay lohan announces possible 2020 presidential bid
Busch Gardens Williamsburg Discriminates Against Men in Kilts
Cop leaves the force after biting guy in balls during bar fight.
Study shows the last people still using Myspace are sex workers
Fox & Friends freaks out over black Captain America: It's a plot to 'target conservatives'
Australia approves coal mine in the Great Barrier Reef.
Facebook Will Now Notify You If It Thinks Your Account Is Being Hacked By The NSA
Aer Lingus taveller bit another passenger and then died
NFL Network Accidentally Broadcasts a Locker Room Full of Naked Bengals Players
How to act less stupid, according to psychologists
Southwest Airlines flight returns to gate after passenger chokes another for reclining her seat in front of him
SFO-bound jet returns to L.A. due to scuffle over tilted-back seat
Norwegian hunter shoots two moose -- then realizes they're in a zoo
REPORT: YOUTUBE WILL SOON HAVE A PAYWALL
Student Says He "Doesn't Look Like A Rapist" And Doesn't Need Sexual Consent Class
Man charged with murder after calling TV news about 1982 missing girl case
Chesapeake man denied entrance to Busch Gardens for attire
NFL Network shows nude players in locker room after Bengals-Bills game
Detroit pastor shoots, kills assailant during church service
Dallas man who paid $350,000 to hunt black rhino sues Delta over ban on shipping trophies
Police: Pastor shoots, kills attacker in church
11 injured in Great Bend crash involving spider
The Rapper Awkwafina Tries to Master Her Rice Cooker
Quentin Tarantino thinks it's really hard to be a white man directing movies in Hollywood
Snake-phobic teacher bans students with pet snakes at home
Woman who gave birth aboard China Airlines flight wanted to deliver baby in US airspace
Man Allegedly Strangles Woman Over Reclining Seat
Passenger Allegedly Chokes Woman For Reclining
Spider Involved in 4 Vehicle Crash that Injures 11
Illinois lottery winners get IOUs instead of money
Bernie Sanders Insists He Has an 'Ample Supply of Underwear'
Bernie Sanders Clarifies How Many Pairs Of Underpants He Owns
Bernie Sanders opens up about his underwear
Teen accidentally hangs himself trying to figure out how Robin Williams died
Rugby World Cup referee Craig Joubert may have run off pitch because 'he was keen to get to the bathroom'
Airplane passenger flips out, bites man, dies
Man Chokes Woman on Southwest Airlines Jet for Reclining Her Seat, Witnesses Say
"Teen Stoner" Who Reportedly Hacked CIA Head: "i am pretty hype about it"
Former 'SNL' stars hope Biden runs
CNN/ORC poll: Hillary Clinton wins debate, but Bernie Sanders rises
China's 'Floating City' Sends Alien Hunters Into Over Drive As They Claim It's Proof Of A Parallel Universe
Anne Arundel County Police: Baltimore Officer, Accused of Biting Man's Testicles, Off Force, Police Say
'Yo dog, that's me' Man sees picture on WTVR app, surrenders to police
Is This Evidence Of Parallel Universe? Thousands Report 'Floating City' Above China
Facebook Now Warns Users If They're A Target Of State-Sponsored Attacks
Star Wars 7 to be Boycotted for Promoting "White Genocide"
Gunfire at Florida Zombicon event leaves one dead, 5 hurt
Deer won't face charges after Mt. Juliet, TN business break in
On Canada's election trail - tales of bathrobes, hairstyles, mugs and pants
Muslim woman attacked at Indiana café by drunken Bernie Sanders fan yelling 'white power'
Warwick University Student Objects To Sexual Consent Lessons Saying He Does Not 'Look Like A Rapist'
Doctors Reattached Toddler's Decapitated Head
Americans bite each other literally all the time, data show
Hospital sends man with memory loss to unconfirmed address in cab
How Surgeons Reattached a Toddler's Head
Teen says he hacked CIA director's AOL account
US forces probing damage to MSF hospital in Kunduz crash through hospital gate with tracked vehicle. "MSF personnel understandably not happy."
Harper warns that polling stations could be targeted by polling stations. Advises citizens to stay at home
Oh my God, I just shot myself! I just got my conceal and carry
Bishops admit: We don't know much about sex, need married advisers
Self-Described Teen Stoner Says He Hacked CIA Chief's AOL Email
Man Busted For Wiping Butt With Summons
Authorities say 11 people were sent to the hospital after a collision in Great Bend was caused by a 17-year-old girl who tried to kill a spider.
The Dalai Lama says any female successor would have to be "very attractive"
Grove of trees to be planted on One Tree Hill
Rochester Hills man critically injured in Russian roulette shooting
Parolee freed after 11 hours stuck in pizza oven vent
Firefighters win a 6-day battle against flaming mulch
Oxford activist admits to non-consensual sex, but doesn't call it rape
South Africa Likens Draft Climate Deal to Apartheid
Iowa man stole taxi, says he didn't want to walk home
Middle School Principal Blocks Student Election Results After Not Enough Minorities Win
'Star Wars: Episode VII' Boycott Launched Over Movie Allegedly Being "Anti-White"
This student had seizures - but only when he played Sudoku
Middle School Election Results Not Diverse Enough, Says School's Principal
Concerns raised over lack of diversity in SF school election results
Republicans to charge media to cover 2016 convention
Pro-Life Republican Impregnates Prostitute, Tells Her To Get Abortion
Eleven people were sent to the hospital after a collision in Great Bend was caused by a 17-year-old girl who tried to kill a spider.
Man bites fellow airline passenger, dies on plane
don't drone me bro...
Sears Says It Will Stop Selling Arabic 'INFIDEL' Hats
GOP Congressman Already Floating Impeachment For Hillary Clinton
Why "Scientests" Finding Water On Mars Is Blatant Misogyny
The NYPD Is Using Mobile X-Ray Vans to Spy on Unknown Targets
Md. police officer accused of biting man's testicles no longer on force
House Republican Is Planning Impeachment Proceedings Against Hillary Clinton On Inauguration Day
#BoycottStarWarsVII: People Boycott The Force Awakens Because It Promotes "White Genocide"
Texas professor resigns after hanging from tree with hooks in chest in front of students
Norwegian hunter shoots two moose -- in a zoo
Two men gave toddler beer and taught him to smoke a cigarette. All on video
An Israeli hummus cafe is giving 50 per cent off to Jews and Arabs who eat together
The Inequality of Who Gets Hit by Cars
Forget the pollsters: Wild guesses on who will win in each of the 338 ridings tonight
Gwyneth Paltrow to women: Steam your vaginas! - NY Daily News
Brandon Township burglary suspect gets stuck in pizza oven air duct
Dead woman hanging from fence mistaken for Halloween display
Tombstone: Two people shot at OK Corral as reenactment uses live bullets
Bill Cosby mural defaced with Kim Jong Un in Washington D.C.
Scientists Spot Enormous Hole In The Sun
Police: 11 injured in Great Bend crash involving spider
Air Force probes punishment for pilots grounded over Miley lyric texts
Jimmy Butler Removes Rearview Mirror in His Car as a Symbol to Never Look Back
Bill Cosby mural was defaced with Kim Jong Un's face in D.C.
Basketball player removes rear view mirror from car as a reminder to never look back
Anti-gay GOP senator caught posting photos on the gay hook-up site, Grindr
Ermahgerddon: The Untold Story of the Ermahgerd Girl
Students get porn message after high school's email hacked
Man Dies After Biting Passenger During Aer Lingus Flight
Alderman Complains That Volume-Based Trash Fee is 'Tax On Mexicans'
White supremacists are boycotting The Force Awakens for promoting white genocide
Southwest Airlines passenger chokes woman for tilting her seat back
Clerk armed with bottle scares off robber with hammer at Chesterfield gas station
"Boycott 'Star Wars VII'" Movement Launched; Movie Called "Anti-White"
Burger King's Halloween Whopper has unexpected side effect
Houston man has lived in his front yard for six months after wife kicked him out
Westboro Baptist Church Picketed Kim Davis For 'Enabling Fag Marriage'
The Chicago Bulls' Jimmy Butler reportedly took out his car's rearview mirror as a reminder to never look back
Thousands in China witness a mirage of a floating city in the sky
5 Signs Your Kid Is Vaping
e Chicago Bulls' Jimmy Butler reportedly took out his car's rearview mirror as a reminder to never look back
Hunters shoot two moose before realizing they were firing into a zoo
Alabama haunted house run by firefighters shut down for 'putting people's lives in danger'
Naperville girl asks board to save Halloween house
Internet trolls prevent Jack White from listening to Rick Astley's "Never Gonna Give You Up" for 75 hours straight
Chicago Bulls Forward Jimmy Butler Removes Rearview Mirror in his Car as a Symbol to Never Look Back
'BOYCOTT STAR WARS VII' HASHTAG TRENDS WITH CLAIMS THAT MOVIE IS 'ANTI-WHITE'
UPDATE: AMBER Alert canceled for 15-year-old Gaylord girl
'He was found with blood and fur all over him': US man on synthetic marijuana chases neighbour while growling before 'strangling and EATING dog' in new zombie-like attack
Local Man Arrested After Family Pet Killed, Eaten
San Francisco middle school refuses to tell winners of election, students say principal believes winners are not diverse enough
Deer won't face charges after Mt. Juliet business break in
High school band students facing suspension, long-term, and being kicked from the program as a whole for providing the other, opposing band, with a fruit basket.
Palestinians to Claim Jerusalem's Western Wall As Muslim Holy Site
Indian political heir renowned for being dumb thinks his father discovered computers.
Burglar gets stuck in pizza oven vent, police find him screaming for help
S.F. principal delays vote results, saying winners aren't diverse
Band students suspended after rivals fruit basket accused of being racially motivated
Insurance policy in China to pay off in the event of being scammed for offering help to injured elderly
No Googling, says Google unless you really mean it - NBC News
For Offenders Who Can't Pay, It's a Pint of Blood or Jail Time
Rugby player goes on drunken rampage after failing to pick up women, police say
Former Australia PM to Pay for Broken Table After 'Wild Party'
Police Fed Suspect 96 Bananas To Recover Gold Chain
TIL a cheap airline ticket can cost as low as $15,000
Man wipes face with money, then steps on it (x-post from r/Dubai)
Seven Eritrean cyclists flee to Ethiopia
Woman makes noise complaint to police about neighbour only to discover neighbour trapped in house fire.
Dịch vụ chuyển phát nhanh đi Úc giá rẻ
Sydney woman had sex with takeaway delivery man thinking it was her husband
Big Mac served with bite taken out of it
Singer turned down performing national anthem at football final because she couldn't change the words
Plymouth woman urinated in front of praying Muslim family
Canada sought £20,000 British reward for finding Franklin Expedition after 164 years
San Fran Middle School Cancels Student Elections Because Too Many White People Elected
South African woman caught trying to sell her baby on Gumtree
America's dumbest governor appoints creationist as education commissioner: Today in Tea Party lunacy
Lesson of the weekend: Wild West gunfight reenactments are great, except when the ammunition is live.
Reclined Seat Rage Allegedly Leads To Mid-Air Choking on Southwest Flight From Los Angeles
Woman killed partner and child 'to ward off vampires'
Ahuja O2 Sion | Ahuja O2 rates | Call : 8879274973...
Genetically-engineered, extra-muscular dogs created by Chinese scientists
Kirk Cousins: My INTs this year 'aren't as awful' as last year's INTs
Deutsche Bank accidentally transfers $6bn to a single customer
In rare case, man experiences seizures triggered by playing Sudoku
Bow-tie wearing duck has pub brawl with dog after downing pint
Fake prosecutors arrested in China after blackmailing officials in mock-up interrogation room
Taylor Swift's 1989 merch may cause some controversy in China
A German man experiences seizures induced by solving sudoku puzzles
In 2014, President Afeworki of the African country Eritrea was quoted as saying "Those who think there will be democracy in this country can think so in another world."
The Scream appears in a freshly sawn plank
Deutsche Bank accidentally transfers $6bn to hedge fund client
Ahuja O2 Sion | Ahuja O2 Sion Rates | call : 8879274973
Baywatch legend David Hasselhoff wants to ''annihilate'' ISIS in invisible mission to Syria
High school stoner who hacked CIA director says he'll go to Russia to 'chill with Snowden'
Deutsche Bank transfers $6-billion to a client by mistake: report
A Deutsche Bank junior employee accidentally sent a hedge fund client $6 billion while their boss was on holiday
Infamous "Testicle-Biting" Police Officer Is No Longer a Cop
Suffolk man 'had sex with 450 tractors'
Probe Into Pilots Grounded Over Miley Lyric Texts
China reportedly tries to hack U.S. businesses the day after agreeing not to
NEW 'STAR WARS' BLASTED AS 'ANTI-WHITE'
Man wipes face with money, then steps on it
Meet Justin Trudeau: Canada's Liberal, Boxing, Strip-Teasing New PM
'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' Trailer Prompts Racist Trolls, Internet Responds And Silences Them
Palm Pistol - The World's First Production Handgun for the Disabled
Study: Thousands Of Injuries As Ziplines Proliferate, Younger Kids Most At Risk
Fap To The Future porn spoof made just in time for Back To The Future day
Driver Blames Spider Bite for Crash With Motorcyclist
CHINESE PRESIDENT XI JINPING HAS DREAM OF VISITING MANCHESTER UNITED THWARTED BY CITY-SUPPORTING COUNCIL LEADERS
Kid with frosting all over his face denies eating cupcake
Chin chin: Urine-drinking Hindu cult believes a warm cup before sunrise straight from a virgin cow heals cancer - and followers are queuing up to try it
Al-Chihuahua, Nusra's mini-militant, proves size doesn't matter!
The economy of Beverly Hills needs those misbehaving Saudi princes and Porsches
Chicago Bulls player who signed a $95 million contract removed the rearview mirror in his car so that he can't look 'back'
Norwegian hunter shoots two large moose - then realizes they were in a zoo
Man calls 999 after his toy helicopter crash lands on Asda roof
Man Dances On Top Of Ex's Roof After Lighting Home On Fire
Israel Restaurant Offers Discount to Jews, Arabs Who Eat Together
Elderly Driver's 6 MPH Scooter Stopped by Cops on Austria Autobahn
Changes Coming to Wild West Town After Accidental Shooting
Dead gangster's body is propped up playing one last game of DOMINOES at the bar where he was murdered days before
Chipotle Reaches Awkward Age
27 Ways to be a Modern Man
MasterCard tries out 'selfie pay' for online purchases
Man commits suicide over Star Wars main character being black
The murky ethics of making monkeys pick our coconuts
Star Wars' boycott hashtag calls film 'anti-white
Bank's severance deal requires IT workers to be on call for two years
Neighbours build a pub between their houses for £80 for somewhere new to drink
Twitter trolls urge boycott of Star Wars over black character
The American Family Association is putting together an index of which businesses hate gays the most: to find out for Christians everywhere which companies are deserving of their business
Woman makes noise complaint to police only to find neighbour was screaming for help from house fire
EDWARD SNOWDEN: NSA SPYING ON PORN HABITS, NOT TERRORISTS
Monkeys Pick Coconuts In Thailand. Are They Abused Or Just Working Animals?
Give me blood, cash, or jail time, Alabama judge orders defendants
North Carolina lottery winner's fiance jailed for third time this year
Jaden Smith Plans To Disappear Within 10 Years. Sort of like Banksy.
Teen Driver Tries To Kill Spider, Causes Four-Car Accident
Racists Are Boycotting 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' For Promoting 'White Genocide'
Video purportedly shows dispatcher asleep on the job
Presidential candidate Martin O'Malley just busted out a guitar and started singing Taylor Swift's 'Bad Blood'
Martin O'Malley Pulls Out Guitar and Plays Taylor Swift's 'Bad Blood' on 'The View' in Response to Katy Perry, Hillary Clinton
Martin O'Malley covers Taylor Swift's 'Bad Blood'
Cincinnati Bengals players were naked on live TV Sunday.
Aer Lingus passenger who died after biting fellow traveller 'had £41,000 worth of cocaine in his stomach'
Man Stole Taxi Because He Didn't Want to Walk
Actor hit by real bullet in fake gunfight in O.K. Corral reenactment
Gunfight actor shot during performance in Tombstone
Amherst authorities arrest masked trespasser armed with gun, bacon
Man Kills Himself Because Star Wars' Main Character is Black
He's dead to us! Friends stage mock funeral - complete with hearse, coffin and hymns - for reformed 'lad's lad', 20, because he now spends all his time with his girlfriend.
11 Homeless People Who Became Rich And Famous
BET Refused To Air 2015 Million Man March To Avoid Offending White Viewers
Seriously! Did A Man Commit Suicide Over a Black Star Wars VII Character?
Goodbye F-35s, hello marijuana: What the Liberals are likely to do first
Metro Atlanta mom writes why white parents won't choose black schools
A 23-year-old Google employee lives in a truck in the company's parking lot and saves 90% of his income
Kanye West auditions for American Idol in surprising social media posts
A Bakersfield police officer accused of tickling a corpse is no longer with the department.
Man refuses to stop looking at fish, arrested for trespassing at the aquarium
Hunter shoots, kills two elk before realizing he was shooting through fence into zoo
British MPs Say the UK Should Let In More Immigrant Chefs for Better Curry
The 'Sexist' Words Children Are Now Banned From Saying In School
CIA Chief's AOL E-Mail Account Hacked By 13-Year Old
This Israeli soldier gave his cereal to 'most beautiful little' Arab girl
Mermaid school seeks students to create Singapore's first pod
Jim Webb goes from barely running for president to not running for president
Australian 'mommy blogger' accused of injecting her daughter with urine
Muslims condemn Britain's plans to combat extremism
Driver involved in deadly accident in Florida tweets photos of body
San Francisco middle school principal withholds releasing election results because she believes winners are not diverse enough
Drunken cupcake burglar found coated in frosting, police say
Woman Reclines Seat, Man Chokes Her, Plane Returns to Airport
AMAZON TRIBES WANT TO REMAIN ISOLATED-SO THEY'RE GETTING THE INTERNET
'Yo dog, that's me' - Man sees photo on news website, shows police and is promptly arrested
'Mummy blogger' charged, accused of injecting ill child with urine, laxative abuse
BPD officer accused of tickling a corpse no longer with the department
Prosecutor now surprised when crime isn't heroin-related
Cops: Man used police summons to wipe backside.
Google employee lives in a truck in the company's parking lot and saves 90% of his income
'Haunting' murder mystery apparently solved after 33 years when man calls TV station to confess
Impeach Hillary Clinton on day one of her presidency: Alabama Congressman Mo Brooks
Conservative pundit bravely comes out in support of the Galactic Empire
Organization asks U. to stop football coaches from teaching LDS religion classes to players
Comic Sans 'best font in the world', says creator Vincent Connare
'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' Trailer Prompts Conservative Pundit Bill Kristol to Defend Empire
Zombies Hazardous to Russian Children's 'Spiritual' Health - Human Rights Official
Russian secret service to vet research papers
Spider distracts driver, causes chain-reaction crash
Student Driver Crashes Into Driving School in Washington
Pot-Smoking Teen Hacker Says He Broke Into CIA Director's Email to Free Palestine
Adidas gives Andy Murray new shorts after balls pop out
Band students suspended for giving rivals fruit basket accused of being racially motivated
Venezuela's currency is so worthless that even some thieves won't steal it
Huckabee Forced To Attend Fundraiser With Head Stuck In Molasses Crock
Wolves almost attack Russian traffic cops
TSA Set To Stop Using "Anomaly" To Describe Transgender Passengers
Squirrel ignites grass fire, burning one acre of land
Apple tells U.S. judge 'impossible' to unlock new iPhones
Indiana man arrested after dancing on the roof of his girlfriend's burning home.
Israel's Netanyahu Claims It Was the Palestinians Who Convinced Hitler to Exterminate the Jews
Camerawoman plans to sue one of the refugees she kicked at Hungary border
Florida family angry after daughter sent home from school in underwear
Bernie Sanders has an "ample" underwear supply
Body of 9-Week-Old Was Allegedly Left to Decompose in His Crib Until His Mom Complained About the Smell
Israeli Restaurant Offers Discount to Arabs and Jews Who Sit Together
New 'Star Wars' Trailer Gives 'Monday Night Football' & ESPN Ratings Boost
McDonald's patrons unaware they ate next to dead woman
Marshawn Lynch is helping Seahawks with their 401(k) decisions
Ray Lewis says he was too well dressed to take part in 2000 murder
Ray Lewis Says His Clothes Were Too Nice to Commit Murder Back in 2000
Four Chinese con artists spend 200,000RMB building a fake interrogation center to extort money from officials
Internet trolls call new 'Star Wars' movie 'anti-white'
Indiana University Student Allegedly Attacks Muslim Woman, Shots 'White Power,' 'Kill Them All'
Kansas authorities: Spider involved in 4-vehicle crash that injures 11
Police: Man dances on ex's roof after setting house on fire
Jaden Smith Plans To Disappear Within 10 Years
George W. Bush on Ted Cruz: 'I just don't like the guy'
'Scientist' Jaden Smith Plans to Disappear in 10 Years
Tony Abbott, Ousted Australian Leader, Will Pay for Table Broken During His Send-Off
Catholic Pope releasing heavy metal & prog rock album
Yelp Sues South Park $10 Million for "Distasteful" New Episode
Drunk Indiana University student chokes Muslim woman while screaming slurs in racist hate attack: cops
Alleged wedding crasher bites officer, police dog
Indiana University student shouted 'white power,' attacked woman, police say
'Star Wars' cybertrolling 'directly defies Yoda and his teachings,' expert says
Yelp Sues South Park For $10 Million Over Latest Episode
Arkansas girl, 4, requests CVS themed birthday party
IMPD: Suspects stole 232 pounds of meat from Pizza Hut
The Westboro Baptist church is picketing Kim Davis (the Kentucky Clerk who refused to issue gay marriage licenses) for causing gay marriage
Indiana man dances on ex-girlfriend's roof after lighting home on fire
Camerawoman who tripped refugees fleeing from police now plans to sue Facebook and one of her victims
Google Changes '.bro' Filename To Avoid Accusations Of Misogyny
Christian Anti-Masturbation's Mascot Arrested For Public Masturbation
This Obscure Tumblr Sexuality Saved My Life
Annoyed by Loud Chewing? The Problem Is You
Autistic Applebees restaurant worker goes unpaid for about a year
Oslo aims to make city center car-free within four years
Why Oslo is banning cars from the city center
Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on gmail Share on email Share on print More Sharing Services 4 Police: Man dances on ex's roof after setting house on fire police: man dances on ex's roof after setting house on fire
NETANYAHU: PALESTINIANS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE HOLOCAUST, NOT HITLER
Murder Victim Plays Dominos At His Own Wake
Ahmed Mohamed, arrested over clock, moves to Qatar
Transgender Woman Can't Be Diversity Officer Because She's a White Man Now Transgender Woman Can't Be Diversity Officer Because She's a White Man Now
Back to the Future: Queensland police deploy 'hoverboard unit'
Netanyahu: Hitler Didn't Want to Exterminate the Jews
Subway will now measure sandwich bread following 'footlong' lawsuit
Hungarian camerawoman Petra Laszlo plans to sue Facebook and refugee she tripped
Israeli PM Netanyahu blames Holocaust on Palestinian leader
Secret numbers 81 and 18 on the palm of your hands
Neymar - Best Skills, Tricks & Goals - Football Moments
Netanyahu causes uproar by blaming Palestinians for Holocaust
Dyson accuses Bosch of cheating on vacuum cleaner efficiency tests
Netanyahu accused of 'absolving Hitler' for Holocaust
Yahoo will now Google your search queries
Recovering Alcoholic Wins Contest Holding Alcohol Arms Length
Cristiano Ronaldo is reportedly being paid $22 million to NOT appear in Martin Scorsese's new movie
Duo steals jewelry from art gallery, leaves name, number in guestbook, cops say
Benjamin Netanyahu just blamed the holocaust on Palestinians
Alabama judge orders defendants to give blood to avoid jail
Indiana man under psychiatric evaluation after bizarre crime spree
Big apartment companies stop accepting packages due to online buying onslaught
Woman who delivered baby on L.A.-bound flight was 36 weeks pregnant, kept asking 'Are we in US air space yet?'
Waka Flocka Flame launches campaign for speaker of the House
Report: Victim bites off teen's tongue in sexual assault
Massive Solar Power Plant Emits 46,000 Tons of CO2
Invasive Cattle Farmers Calling Elk Invasive
Hungarian Camerawoman Petra Laszlo 'To Sue Facebook And Refugee She Was Filmed Tripping Up'
CIA director's email hacked by stoner high school student
Austria moves to clarify hoverboard laws despite them not yet existing
Indian Jain monk seeks eight months to walk 2,200km to court
Apple Store employee, Ruben Profit, allegedly steals $1 million worth of iTunes gift cards and sells them for 1/10th their value.
Don't panic, but there may be a LEGO shortage coming this Christmas
Orthodontists warn against DIY braces
Hungarian camerawoman says she plans to sue refugee she was caught on film tripping
Hungarian camerawoman caught kicking migrants sues man she tripped, Facebook
Anti-Feminist Speaker Disinvited to 'Uncomfortable Learning' Lecture Series
Mike Ditka denies farting during ESPN pre-game show
Saudi prince accused of gay sex, threats, and fart-in-face demand
Several Injured In Zombie-Like Attack At Tennessee Walmart, As Man Tries To Eat His Victims
Hungarian camerawoman plans to sue Facebook and refugee she was filmed tripping on Serbian border
GERMANY IN RESPONSE TO NETANYAHU: WE ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR HOLOCAUST
Man sentenced to death in Dubai for setting two colleagues on fire
Putin gave his email address to Jimmy Carter so the two could discuss his "fly fishing experiences, particularly in Russia"
Man dances on ex's roof after setting the house on fire
Cops: Owner Can Claim Drug Pipe At Marienville Barracks
This Little Girl's Reaction To Seeing Her Daddy After The First Day Of School Will Make Your Heart Happy
Maurice Blake says someone else posted stolen ring on Facebook
The unbearable likeness of Bernie, captured by Vermont Teddy Bear
G4S guards told to fight demons
The Camerawoman Fired For Tripping Refugees Plans To Sue Them -- And Facebook
Poll: 11% Of Americans Believe Kevin Spacey Is President - See more at: http://nationalreport.net/poll-11-americans-believe-kevin-spacey-president/#sthash.QoJcX5wl.dpuf
I played football for my father because I thought that was the only way he would love me & be apart of my life
4-year-old girl gets CVS-themed birthday party
No, Yelp Is Not Suing 'South Park' for $10 Million
Netanyahu says Palestinian gave Hitler idea for the Holocaust
Clock Boy Leaving America To Live In Theocratic Authoritarian Slave State
Boy whose clock was mistaken for bomb to move to Qatar
After Netanyahu Remark, Germany Reasserts Culpability for the Holocaust
Germany Clarifies: We're Responsible for the Holocaust
Top curling teams say they won't use high-tech brooms
Alleged Subway Station Masturbator Threatens Rider With Gun
The camerawoman caught kicking migrants is now suing Facebook.
Abu Ahmad Al-Chihuahua might be the tiniest terrorist fighting for Syria
Camerawoman who tripped refugee to sue victim
Lawsuit alleges Saudi prince forced staff to watch him have gay sex
Nova Scotia's 'hole' in Long Island destroyed by Mother Nature
'CLOCK BOY' AHMED PICKS QATAR SCHOOL, HOME OF THE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD, OVER MIT
'Texas' is slang for 'crazy' in Norway
Georgia man gets DUI on motorized wheelchair
Netanyahu says Palestinian leader gave Hitler idea for Holocaust
AI threat from killer robots only a few years away, at best, Campain to Stop Killer Robots urges UN to relent from creating Warfare AI
Man drove home from court after receiving driving ban.
Paul Ryan, Opponent of Paid Family Leave, Demands Congress Respect His Need for Family Time
Iain Duncan Smith blows £8.5m on fluffy animated monster as he cuts benefits
'Little Tike' real life car goes on sale
In a Rare Work Appearance, Marco Rubio Says Government Employees Who Don't Show Up for Work Should Be Fired
"Invisible kid" costume raises safety concerns
Norwegians have started using "Texas" as slang for crazy
County cop who was charged with biting man's testicles no longer on force
Black Man Sues NYPD After Spending Six Weeks In Jail For Wearing A Hoodie
My. Pleasant police issue BOLO for a 1985 DeLorean with California plate.
Norway has started using "Texas" as slang for "crazy"
Mt. Pleasant police issue BOLO for 1985 DeLorean with California plates
'Back to the Future' villain based on Trump
Cows frequently sexually abused in factory farms
Yelp sues South Park over recent episode
Oslo just declared that it will become the first major city to ban cars
Minnesota woman pulled over for drinking coffee while driving
No alcohol during pregnancy -- ever -- plead U.S. pediatricians
Are Placebos Getting Stronger?
Netanyahu Blames Holocaust on Muslim Cleric
Asia's parents suffering 'education fever'
Netanyahu Blames Holocaust on Muslim Cleric; Germany Clarifies That It Committed the Holocaust
Zendaya Graces Modeliste's November Issue Cover! The Unedited Edit Coming Soon!
The owners of Kentucky Mist distillery say University of Kentucky attorneys have sent them a letter asserting the school owns the rights to the word "Kentucky."
Germany Reminds Netanyahu That Hitler Was Responsible For The Holocaust
Capitol Hill Buzz: Rubio misses votes, targets job slackers
Mysterious floating city appears in sky above China
Hungary journalist to sue Syrian refugee she tripped
How Two Women Turned a Joke Into a Business That Sells Men
Ex-Apple employee Ruben Profit charged with selling $1M in stolen gift cards
Germany tells Netanyahu: "No, we are actually responsible for the Holocaust"
Hungarian journalist possibly suing Syrian refugee, Facebook for as they "embittered people against her".
DELOREAN issued a recall on the DMC-12 model
Hungarian journalist possibly suing Syrian refugee she tripped as he fled for his life.
Russian diplomat mistakes Kal Penn for a terrorist
Singapore Megachurch Founder Guilty of Pilfering $36 Million to Bankroll Wife's Pop Music Career
Hungary journalist to sue refugee she tripped
Florida woman named Crystal Metheny arrested in Polk
Texas alligator attack victim mocked animal before jumping in bayou
Camerawoman plans to sue refugee she was filmed kicking
People Very Upset that Liam Neeson, "the Guy Who Voiced Aslan," Lent His Voice to a Pro-Choice Commercial
Huey Lewis watches in shock as Fox host gets trapped in the 'Back to the Future' DeLorean on live TV
Netanyahu suggests grand mufti convinced Adolf Hitler to exterminate Jews
Benjamin Netanyahu: Palestinian Mufti Gave Hitler Idea to Exterminate Jews
Camerawoman Who Was Fired For Kicking Migrants To Sue Facebook
Columbia profs creep out students by watching them drink for sex study
Conservative radio host freaks out: 'Transgender crowd' will use magnets to suck God from your brain
Kate Middleton Wears Dolce and Gabbana, Meets Jackie Chan
S.F. middle school delays election results because winners not diverse enough
Camerawoman who tripped refugee plans to sue same refugee
LADWP to Hike Rates After Customers Successfully Reduce Water Consumption
Benjamin Netanyahu blames Holocaust on Palestinian leader Haj Amin al-Husseini at World Zionist Congress, says Hitler only wanted to expel Jews
Meet Sesame Street's First Character with Autism: 'We Want to Create Greater Awareness and Empathy'
Jenny Lewis And Bill Murray Are Reportedly Dating
Texas is so crazy Norwegians are literally using 'Texas' as slang for 'crazy'
Hungarian camerawoman plans to sue refugee she kicked and Facebook
Norway hunter admits to shooting elk in zoo
Lego shortage grips Europe
Woman Allegedly Left Neighbors 'The Children Look Delicious' Notes
Search for 'alien megastructure' on distant star underway - USA Today
Netflix and Chill...In Jail?
A little-known Florida man may keep Paul Ryan from meeting his conditions to be speaker
Sesame Street Debuts Its First Autistic Character
YouTube Will Completely Remove Videos Of Creators Who Don't Sign Its Red Subscription Deal
After Netanyahu comments, Germany says responsibility for Holocaust is ours
Analysis: Donald Trump talks to voters at a fourth-grade level
New fashion trend 'normcore' a hit among Gen Z
150 Robins Killed in Pikesville; Police Search for the Poacher
Russian official called out after image of 'terrorist' turns out to be from 'Harold & Kumar'
Subway agrees to measure sandwiches as part of settlement
Murder Victim Propped Up To Play Dominos At His Own Wake
BMW driver refuses to move his car for medics transporting patient to hospital
Guy Turcotte says he didn't kill himself because he couldn't find knife
UNIVERSITY SAYS USING THE TERM "POLITICALLY CORRECT" IS A POLITICALLY INCORRECT "MICROAGGRESSION"
Pedophile student shoves mother in front of detectives, races to bedroom to erase hard drive with magnets hidden in shoes.
Cops: Rutgers student had magnets in shoes to destroy child-porn photos on computer hard drive
Russian diplomat tweets picture of Kal Penn playing a terrorist
Detroit-Area Theater Chain To Play New 'Star Wars' Film For 30 Hours Straight
Hrtransplantasjon kostnad - Asmed Dr Koray
Police: Florida man struck and killed teen, then posted a photo of his body on Twitter
Iain Duncan Smith blows £8.5m on fluffy animated monster as he slashes vital help for disabled people
Iain Duncan Smith spends £8.5m on hairy monster cartoon to promote workplace pensions
Gut researcher issues warning on DIY poo transplants
'I am a prince and I do what I want.' Cocaine-crazed Saudi royal 'threatened to kill Los Angeles mansion staff who watched him being pleasured by male aide'
Tostitos become illegal in a San Diego High school
Chapel Hill police postpone "good ticket" initiative
Germany tells Netanyahu: We are responsible for the Holocaust
Torch Lake sandbar party urine didn't reach hazardous levels
US Officials: Iran Complying Too Fast With Nuclear Deal
Airport passengers treated to porn film while waiting for their bags
Hungarian camerawoman Petra Laszlo caught kicking asylum seekers now plans to sue
Scientists slap stuff with cadaver hands to figure out why fist shape evolved
Miley Cyrus song crashes Air Force pilots' careers
Man on motorized wheelchair given DUI citation
Toledo Mayoral Candidate Speaks in Tongues and Threatens Voters with God's Wrath if She's Not Elected
UNC Draws Flak for Naming Children's Clinic after Donut Maker
Taxpayers have spent $56 million for a hole to be dug, filled with concrete and covered over
Leonardo DiCaprio Slept in Animal Carcasses and Ate Bison Body Parts for The Revenant
CNN: More children getting drunk on hand sanitizer
Benjamin Netenyahu blames Palestinians for holocaust, becomes Hitler apologetic in process
BBC NEWS | Europe | Russian squirrel pack 'kills dog'
Benjamin Netenyahu blames Palestinians for Holocaust, in the process becomes Hitler apologetic
Ohio cop shoots 4 year old girl while trying to shoot family dog.
Washington, D.C., group requests that Utah football coaches stop teaching religion classes
Cupcake-bandit found coated in frosting
Police officer Andrew Clarke fined for driving without licence for 25 years
According to Stephen Hawking, Women Remain a Mystery
British Lawmakers Say Leaving the E.U. Will Mean a Better Standard of Indian Cuisine
The 'alien structure' 22 times bigger than Jupiter
Analysis: Trump talks to voters at fourth-grade level
Texas Limo Service Charges Man $1,500 for Giving His Kids Snacks
Robert Mugabe Wins Chinese Nobel Peace Prize, Beats Bill Gates, Ban Ki-Moon
McMystery: Northampton family seeks return of beloved Ronald McDonald statue stolen during house party
Rookie of the Year Pitcher "Henry Rowengartner" brought in to save Cubs' season
Who was John Titor, the 'time traveller' who came from 2036
Supporters of Joe Biden thought he was a telemarketer when he called
Zimbabwe dictator Robert Mugabe is the latest strongman to win China's Confucius Peace Prize
Women's Equality Party needs a strong dose of Nigel Farage
Red wine equal to a gym workout - study
The Hungarian camerawoman who kicked a refugee plans to sue him
Red face under spotlight: Julie Bishop's all-emoji interview scrutinised by Senate committee
The mystery of hair
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe wins China's Confucius Peace Prize
Blink 182's Travis Barker offered friends $1m to kill him after plane crash
Brookhaven Retreat Treatment Center for Women
Hungarian woman who kicked, tripped refugees plans to sue one of them
KATE MIDDLETON CHANNELS AN EGGPLANT FOR THE DAY
Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe awarded 'China's Nobel peace prize'
Man arrested for trying to sell dirt as heroin in drug deal
DEAD MAN attends his OWN WAKE playing DOMINOES
Family of 5 Ditch Estate Car... For Individual Hoverboards
Ohio mayor candidate speaking foreign tongues and promising the wrath of God if she isn't elected.
Weird News: "anti" masturbation dolphin arrested for public masturbation 3
Sword-wielding man shot after fatal attack at Swedish school
Southend couple assaulted and mugged for Chinese takeaway.
Senator Eric Abetz drops racist slur on radio while defending opposition to gay marriage
Wesleyan Students Cut Funding for School Paper Because It Hurt Their Feelings
German Manchester United star Bastian Schweinsteiger takes legal action after toymaker releases Nazi soldiers resembling him... named Bastian
Syria air strikes rise Putin's popularity to new high - Russia state pollster
Woman's house burgled while she was at Neighbourhood Watch meeting
Bastian Schweinsteiger could sue Chinese toy firm over Nazi doll doppelgänger
911 Callers Waited While DPD Officers Studied Nearby
Germany Clarifies Netanyahu Comments: We're Responsible for the Holocaust
Sword-wielding man kills one in Swedish school attack
Syria air strikes push Putin's rating to new high: Russian state pollster
Amazon Fire Wars Exacerbate Global Warming
'Sesame Street' welcomes autistic character
Masked man attacks Swedish school with sword; 1 dead
Sword-wielding masked man in deadly attack on Swedish school
Bastian Schweinsteiger to sue toy company over Nazi doll called 'Bastian'
Ex-pupil in a Star Wars mask shot by police after killing a teacher with a sword at Swedish school
Hungarian Camera Woman Filmed Tripping Refugees Plans To Sue Facebook, Refugee She Tripped
Laith, 14, såg svärdmannen på skolan
Dead Puerto Rico gangster propped up during wake playing dominoes, holding condom
Russia's ambassador to the UK mixed up Kal Penn with a terrorist
Southwest enforces Tostitos ban
Body of missing man celebrating 21st birthday found in ditch
Indiana county votes 'neigh' on horse diapers
The "Evil" Plan Has Succeeded: the Younger Generation Wants Electric Cars
Married pro-life Republican senator is forced to deny getting his mistress pregnant and telling her to have an abortion
Go Daddy veep loses ICANN election to "none of the above"
Jeb Bush: Supergirl is 'pretty hot'
Cans of 'parrot meat' in North Beach store window spark controversy
Art Exhibit of 'Boiled Parrot' Meat Sparks Controversy in San Francisco
Hungarian camerawoman plans to sue Facebook and migrant she tripped
Arrested for Driving Without a License While Walking
For sale: 100 wooded acres in New Hampshire, possibly booby-trapped
Vandals burn, decapitate, cut feet off Ronald McDonald
LEGO may run short of bricks before Christmas
Instagram launches Boomerang, an app for 1-second videos
Hunter kills two elk, realizes he is shooting into a zoo
Police: Man wields brick; pastor wields gun
Should Matt Damon be Führer-ious with Dublin Bus over this advert?
Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman, after Netanyahu comments, confirms that it was the nazis that caused the holocaust and not muslims.
Half of Vanuata's Government is going to jail
Vanuatu court sentences 14 MPs to jail for corruption
Social Justice Fringe Group Try to Erase History at University of Missouri by Removing Statue of Thomas Jefferson
China Communist Party Bans Golf Membership
'May I have a taste?' Minnesota woman arrested over 'children look delicious' note to neighbors
China awards African dictator a peace prize
Sweden sword attack: Two killed by masked attacker
Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe Is Awarded the Confucius Peace Prize
Abortion Clinic Protesters Complain Pro-Choice Counter Protest Makes Them Feel Unsafe
There's a Snapchat Filter for the Benghazi Hearing Because #ThisTown
Russian Bribe Suspect Falls 9 Stories During Police Interrogation
Bride gives father "Certificate of Purity" on wedding day, certified by gynecologist.
Defeated Harper supporters call for independent "Republic of Western Canada"
Jeb Bush Says New Supergirl 'Looked Pretty Hot' (VIDEO)
Bride presents father with 'certificate of purity' - signed by a GYNECOLOGIST - on her wedding day to prove she's a virgin
'My life is ruined': Refugee-tripping Hungarian camerawoman to sue Facebook
Bride presents 'proof of virginity' to father on wedding day
Bastian Schweinsteiger to sue toy company over Nazi lookalike figurine
Shedding its Communist past, Odessa converts Lenin statue into a monument to Darth Vader
High School Bans 21-Gun Salute Honoring Vets Because it 'Promotes Gun Violence'
Protesters at Red River Women's Clinic complain about counterprotest
Vladimir Putin accuses US of backing terrorism in Middle East
Woman fed up with 'noisy' kids sent 'tasty children' threats
Woman left neighbors notes saying their "children look delicious"
Bernie Sanders Plays The Bongos To Ben Harper's 'Burn One Down'
Police Say Drunken Cupcake Burglar Found Coated in Frosting
Search Sinosphere SEARCH Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe Is Awarded the Confucius Peace Prize
Cyclist arrested for exposing genitals
Coventry Man in Van Caught Smoking Crack and Masturbating in Cranston CVS Parking Lot
Instagram's New Standalone App Boomerang Captures 1-Second Video Loops
Dem takes home spelling bee trophy
Israel called a man its soldiers killed a "terrorist" - until they realized he was an Israeli Jew.
Instagram's Boomerang app lets you shoot 1-second video loops
Judge overturns ban on ballot selfies
MP duped by 'Brass Eye' made chair of psychoactive substances committee
Zimbabwean strongman Robert Mugabe wins China's version of the Nobel Peace Prize
Northern California Police Issuing Nunchuks
Cheese really is crack. Study reveals cheese is as addictive as drugs
Donald Trump retweet cites Iowans' 'issues in the brain'
Wife thought delivery man sex was with her husband
LaGrange County votes "neigh" on horse diapers
Closed vegan strip club to become homeless shelter
Mysterious new emoji keeps an eye out for bullies
Connecticut university student arrested over mac and cheese incident leaves school
Study: The louder the howler monkey, the smaller his testicles
The MP tricked into condemning a fake drug called 'Cake' has been put in charge of scrutinising drugs policy
South Carolina inmates get combined 20 years in solitary confinement after posting a music video online
Germany just had to remind Benjamin Netanyahu who was responsible for the Holocaust
Burglary suspect found covered in cake, frosting
China has awarded a peace prize to Robert Mugabe
Police Warn Parents If Your Child Gets This in Their Trick-or-Treat Bag, it's Not Candy
'Sesame Street' Introduces A New Muppet Character With Autism
Australian senators grill Julie Bishop over red-faced Putin emoji
Secret Service warned about officer fatigue
Texas band students accused of racist fruit basket
Ben Carson's view on if U.S. should remain a part of the U.N, "I don't like the U.N, and unless they change I would not participate I would leave them."
Ben Carson's view on if U.S. should remain a part of the U.N, "I don't like the U.N and unless they change I would not participate, I would defund them."
New blood revives zombie towns
Cops: Woman says neighbor kids 'look delicious'
Lego won't have enough bricks for everyone this Christmas
Oregon man fires 3 shots at burglar who kissed him
Protesters outside Red River Women's Clinic complain about fellow protesters
'Minion of Satan' asks to give invocation at Lake County Commission meeting
LA considers $1 billion 'toilet to tap' water program
David Cameron: Children must learn 'how to make a profit'
Man took Ohio firefighters hostage, demanded alcohol and meds: sheriff's office
Sperm bank: Redheads not wanted
University: The Phrase 'Politically Correct' Is Politically Incorrect
Why I love this guy
'Hearing Protection Act' would remove tax on gun silencers
The woman who can smell Parkinson's disease
Netanyahu Says Muslim Leader Convinced Hitler To Kill Jewish People
Israel's Netanyahu stirs trouble by linking late Muslim leader to Holocaust
Trump Deletes Corn Tweet After Insulting Iowa Voters
Rohnert Park, Cotati schools rethink grading scale
UWM says 'politically correct' is no longer politically correct
Yakuza cancel Halloween trick-or-treat event for kids
Airbnb Apologizes For Posting Snarky Ads Aimed At Schools & Libraries
'N-word' could be wiped off the map
Airbnb Ads Flop in San Francisco
ISIS New Tactic: Defeat Russian Bombers with Airborne Condoms
Scientist finds a bird not seen in 50 years - then he kills it
Sword Attack at Kronan School in Trollhattan Kills Teacher, Student
Astoria Bar 'Racks' Promises No Topless Women in Bid For Cabaret License
Minnesota Woman Accused of Asking to 'Taste' Children
Bride With Pristine Hymen Gives Dad a Certificate of Her Virginity
Woman arrested for threatening to eat neighbor's children
Woman caught masturbating with Jimmy Dean sausages in Walmart bathroom.
Idaho agency finds vintage footage of the time they relocated beavers by parachuting them from planes
Virginia Democrat wins spelling bee
15-year-old charged with running prostitution ring out of mom's house
Donald Trump caught sending lewd photos of himself to GOP front runner Donald Trump
Hissing, Gun-Wielding Subway-Station Masturbator Turns Out to Be a Retired Cop
Rob Ford Announces Plans to Run for Conservative Leadership
Hot accordion causes fire at Gander seniors' home
Kentucky Mist Distillery Says UK Disputing Trademark
Lost in translation: German couple try to flee City due to earthquake forecast
"In May, Russian prosecutors questioned the organizer of a local spelling bee about whether he has any connections to "grammar Nazis."
In new open records case, Thomas Woznicki invokes 'the Woznicki rule'
Arizona tried to illegally import execution drug
Canada's Stephen Harper to be Nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
New Zealand N-word place names set for cull
New Zealand considers whether they should change the names of local sites, Niggerhead, Nigger Hill, and Nigger Stream
Government sponsors 'Swine Beauty Queen' contest for fat women
Maryland Bride Gives Her Father A Certificate Proving Her Hymen Is Intact
School attendance officers fail to attend
Human leg stolen from van in Los Angeles
Hollywood movie claims Neil Young was born in California
Admirable or awkward? Bride presents dad with 'certificate of purity' on wedding day
Tổng quan khu đô thị Vinhomes Riverside
"Los precios no los van a poner los comerciantes, será el Presidente": Arreaza / Venezuelan president to set prices for all goods sold in the country
Gangster Propped Up, Playing Dominoes At His Funeral
Hungarian journalist who intentionally tripped refugee planning on suing one of the refugees she tripped.
Cleveland man mistakes shovel attack for gunshot in botched drug deal
Pastor used £23m of donations to make his wife pop star
Former porn actress rereleases song after raccoon attack
Bastian Schweinsteiger's lawyers seek downfall of Nazi doll doppelgänger
Russian Ambassador Mistakes Harold & Kumar's Kal Penn For A Terrorist
Donald Trump's pledge: 'We're gonna be saying Merry Christmas'
Naked Oregon Burglar Crawls Into Bed With Couple, Discovers Man Has Gun
Boy, 3, drives car after drunk mum falls out
Monsanto Recognized for Political Spending Transparency
The Louder the Monkey, the Smaller Its Balls, Study Finds
The loudest monkeys have the smallest testicles: study
state documents - arizona tried to illegally import execution drug
#ISaluteWhitePeople Hashtag Begins Trending, Thanking White People for history
Defence Department's lanyards of doom
Leonardo DiCaprio Ate Raw Bison Liver, Slept in Animal Carcasses and Lived to Tell the Story in The Revenant
Tony Abbott joins global speakers' circuit as one of 'world's greatest minds'
Robert Mugabe wins China's alternative to Nobel Peace Prize
The loudest monkeys have the smallest balls
Masked swordsman posed for photos before killing two people and wounding others at Swedish school
Jobseekers in Cork (Ireland) object to being asked if they are a criminal.
Bastian Schweinsteiger may sue over Nazi dolls
Ben Carson Wants to "Intensify" the War on Drugs
1 shot dead on University of Tennessee campus, 3 wounded, after dice-game argument
Oklahoma toddler 'takes wheel for drunken mother'
A FORMER politician has made the extraordinary claim that he stopped the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) opening a portal to another dimension that would have destroyed mankind.
Henrico student facing assault and battery charge for throwing carrot at teacher
Teen faces assault charges for throwing baby carrot at middle school teacher
'Slave auction' held at Alaska bar despite objections by NAACP
Feds Have Spent More on Origami Condoms, Fat Lesbian Studies Than on Benghazi Committee
Hong Kong company selling Nazi dolls named Bastian says it's a coincidence they resemble Schweinsteiger
Hot accordion causes fire at seniors' home
Teenager accused of possession of shotgun and dealing drugs asks judge for passport so he can go on sun holiday
Seeking asylum on children's bicycles
The Annual Love and Sex With Robots Conference Has Been Canceled
Sex With Robots: Something New to Worry About
Police Ask Person to Claim 50 Pounds of Pot Shipped to Wrong Address
Police officer runs over dog 3 times, shoots it.
Meet the people who want to turn predators into herbivores
15-year-old boy charged with running prostitution ring out of mother's house
Bigger Calls and Smaller Balls: Howler Monkeys Compensate for Small Testes
13-year-old credited with hacking CIA director's AOL account gives bizarre, possibly final interview
The DWP's latest advertising campaign is a moral monstrosity
EU believes the Irish need to eat more potatoes
Woman Arrested For Masturbating With Jimmy Dean Sausage In Walmart Bathroom
Iowa teen disqualified after winning cross country race when he helped another runner that had collapsed
Teacher killed, 2 students hurt in sword attack on Swedish school
TBS RADIO たまむすび PODCAST-BP 2015年10月23日放送分
Twins denied driver's permit because DMV can't tell them apart
Westboro Baptist Church to protest Royals-Blue Jays game because God hates Canada. (X-post from r/baseball)
Swedish sword killer wearing a Darth Vader mask shouted 'I am your father' as he attacked school students... and left white-skinned pupils alone while hacking dark-skinned children, say police
Haber Sitesi için Doğru Adres
Wellesley College (an all girls school) fights to keep student from holding "Multicultural Affairs Organizer" position because she identifies as a white man.
Fury as obscure Chinese footballer joins England's Hall of Fame
Finnish Foreign Ministry launches "Don't come" Facebook campaign in Iraq and Turkey
The Adorable Secret Life Of One Man's Penis (NSFW Photos)
Hungarian camerawoman fired after being filmed tripping refugees is suing Facebook - and the man she tripped
Zimbabwean dictator Robert Mugabe named winner of the Confucius Peace Prize, fails to show up at award ceremony
Farm Fresh? Sheep Fucking More Legal Than Cannabis
'May I have a taste?' Minnesota woman allegedly threatens to eat neighbors' children
Google, a Search Company, Has Made Its Internet Archive Impossible to Search
US film of parachuting beavers found after 65 years (it's OK, they survived)
Where's Wally-style MH370 book not offensive, says creator
Lincoln Chafee withdraws, quotes "Lysistrata," spreads grief across the nation
Human leg stolen from tissue transport van in Los Angeles
Big Egg Caught Hurling Itself At Mayonnaise
Bethesda and Carlsberg have announced a Fallout beer
Idaho used to relocate beavers by throwing them out of planes
Puerto Rico looks to organ transplants to help cure ailing economy
Man Dressed Up As Beautiful Woman 'To Lure Men To Hotels, Drug And Rob Them'
When Women Become Men at Wellesley
Drunk mom falls out of car and 3 year old son takes the wheel.
The CEO of the American Egg Board has stepped down earlier than planned, following the release of emails indicating she tried to stop the sale of a vegan mayonnaise at Whole Foods.
Longtime Zimbabwean dictator Robert Mugabe wins Chinese Peace Prize
Charges: Champlin woman sent notes threatening to 'taste' neighbors' children
Krispy Kreme Challenge announces renaming of UNC Children's clinic
CNN: Actor 'can't stop laughing' as Russian ambassador tweets 'terrorist' photo
Darth Vader Sculpture Replaces Soviet Leader Lenin in Ukraine's Odessa
China continues to wage its war on golf, makes joining golf clubs illegal
Two Secret Service agents caught snoozing on job
The New Google: 'All the Assholes Have Left'
Camerawoman plans to sue refugee she infamously tripped, and Facebook
Woman Arrested after Kidnapping Man and Forcing Him to Perform Oral Sex
Winnipeg kids store mistakenly sells aboriginal-themed costume with 'rubbies' tag
Police: Come claim 50 pounds of pot shipped to wrong address
Biff Tannen was based on Donald Trump, Back To The Future writer confirms
Back to the Future writer: bad guy Biff was based on Donald Trump
Ole Miss frat member's brutal assault linked to stolen donkey statue
Dead Puerto Rican Gangster Propped Up During Wake Playing Dominoes
Camerawoman who was filmed tripping refugee is now planning to sue him and Facebook
Kenny Vaccaro: People say Andrew Luck has "deceptive" speed because he's white.
EPA cleanup crew to blame for toxic Colorado mining spill
Y'all, Norwegians Use The Word "Texas" As Slang To Mean "Crazy"
Dad Sick of Paying Rent for Ivy-League Educated Kids, Goes to Court
Sheriff: Cops' Award for Fatal Shooting of Jermaine McBean Was Wrong
Relief for Willy the elephant's painful penis problem
Negro Hired as City Assessor
50 Pounds of Marijuana Shipped to Wrong New Jersey Address
This dessert from the makers of Hello Kitty actually poops as you eat it
Egg Industry Group CEO Steps Down After Vegan Mayo Scramble
Girl facing assault charges for throwing carrot at teacher
The 1,657 TV shows that spent less time on the air than the Hillary Clinton Benghazi hearing
Man who lost his family in Texas floods finds them in dream
Westboro Baptist Church to picket 'depraved Canadians' at Blue Jays-Royals game
Drake claims he was possessed by a gay demon during the Hotline Bling music video
South Park or Real Life?: "violinist based in Los Angeles, has taken a stand against sexual harassment and abuse online by posting screenshots of offensive messages she's received over the past decade."
Accused Midtown Subway Masturbator is Retired NYPD Officer, Sources Say
Human Leg Stolen Stolen From Vehicle Belonging to Nonprofit Outside Downtown LA Restaurant
The (Texas) DMV Is Auctioning Off A License Plate That Reads "Texas AF"
Feds Spent More on 'Origami Condoms,' Obese Lesbian Studies Than on Benghazi Committee
Lamar Odom fans offering him their kidneys
Mitt Romney Finally Takes Credit of Obamacare
Bacon and other processed meats cause cancer, claims WHO report
NJ police: Come claim 50 pounds of pot shipped to wrong address
Mitt Romney Finally Takes Credit For Obamacare
Fight breaks out in ennis courtroom after man drops pants, handles penis and beats behind with bare hands
Aquafina to say it comes from same source as tap water
LA DWP, other utilities to raise water rates because of drought
Mysterious 'planet' recorded by Florida woman likely a sundog
Ecuador's president literally wants to fight a politician who criticized him
Disabled Man Returning from Speaking About Disability-Accesible Transportation forced to Crawl off a United Airlines Flight
Gloria Steinem Blames Rush Limbaugh for Ruining Word Feminism
Burglar in Portland, Oregon strips naked and gets into couple's bed
Bride gives her father 'hymen certificate' to prove her virgintiy on wedding day
Hungarian camerawoman to sue tripped refugee
Police, prosecutors decide to hide courthouse rape
The Best Way to Defeat Russian Airstrikes: Blow 'Em Up With... Condoms?
Darth Vader statue replaces Lenin monument in Ukraine
Long-Lost Footage of 'Parachuting Beavers' Found in Idaho
Bride gives her father a 'hymen certificate' to prove her virgintiy on wedding day
Alleged rape in courthouse restroom follows complaints of harassment by female lawyers
Pirate Party beats Icelands Government Coalition in the Polls
Britain should be ashamed of its taste in biscuits
Idiot husband tattoos his, er, private part on his leg to his wife's horror
Westboro Baptist Church to Blue Jays: 'God hates Canada'
A conference about having sex with robots was canceled because officials were worried people would have sex with robots
The force awakens (in Ukraine): Darth Vader statue replaces Lenin monument
Hawaii shark attack victim survives after pulling out shark's eyeball
The hottest sale High Neck A-Line Mac Duggal Gown
Man used daughter (13) to make child porn for 'simply a bit of fun'
Minnesota woman left neighbors notes saying "their children look delicious"
ICP cancels show because theater would not let them pour Faygo, a soft drink, on their audience.
In unexpected discovery, comet contains alcohol, sugar
Andy Kaufman and Redd Foxx to tour, years after death, as holograms
Ben Carson Assures Conservatives That His Campus Speech Monitoring Would Only Target Liberals
San Diego Insane Clown Posse Show Cancelled Because of Fear of Faygo Damage
Romney wants credit for Obamacare
Man Cuts Own Ears To Look Like His Pet Parrot
Researchers catch comet Lovejoy giving away alcohol
Brothel Owner Wants Khloe Kardashian To Pay Lamar Odom's $75,000 Tab | UPROXX
Woman Shoots Veterinarian After He Refuses To Do Sex Re-Assignment Surgery On Her Dog
Obama compares Republicans to "Grumpy Cat"
Obama: Republicans are like 'Grumpy Cat'
Advocate for sex trafficking victims charged with prostitution
Los Angeles conserves too much water during drought, water company raises rate to compensate
Man takes to helicopter to track kids who tried to enter his home
LADWP loses money during drought, plans to raise water rates as residents conserve
Why do Norwegians use 'texas' to mean 'crazy'?
"Hug Club" draws scrutiny at church camp
SPD: Man's 'explosive' bowel issues lead to machete melee
Retired Cop Arrested For Flashing His Penis & His Gun In Subway
Man takes to helicopter to track kids who allegedly tried to enter his Northern Territory home
California town gets gold fever as would-be miners dig in sewers
Koch brother dresses up as Darth Vader
Twins Denied Learner Permits for Being Too Much Alike
Man dies after colleague inserts high-pressure hose in rectum
Soviet statue of Lenin transformed into Darth Vader
Sex with Robots conference cancelled over fear people would have sex with robots
The Real 'Consensus': Global Warming Causes FEWER Hurricanes Read more: http://dailycaller.com/2015/10/23/the-real-consensus-global-warming-causes-fewer-hurricanes/#ixzz3pRahhiFn
Student sorry for mac and cheese tirade, says he's ashamed
This App Will Help You Find the Perfect Wine to Pair With Your Halloween Candy
This App Helps You Pair Your Halloween Candy To The Perfect Wine
Ukrainians transform statue of Soviet founder Lenin into Star Wars villain Darth Vader
BDSM and the Dominatrix (TRAILER)
Obama: Republicans are like 'Grumpy Cat' meme
Local Twins Denied a Learner's Permit Because The DMV Can't Tell Them Apart
Cop barks like dog, tricks suspect into surrendering
American Airlines plane temporarily out of service due to selfie
Fan who caught homerun ball insists it cleared the wall
USDA scrambles to investigate egg lobby as CEO resigns
Wisconsin Governor Signs Bill Limiting Political Corruption Inquiries
Twins Denied Drivers Permit Because DMV Can't Tell Them Apart
McDonald's adds butter to Egg McMuffin and sales soar
Armed police called to university - because of 'armed man' at James Bond party
Waka Flocka Flame says he's running for House speaker
Naked burglar climbs into bed with couple, is chased by armed resident, police say
Feds investigate alleged conspiracy against vegan mayonaise
NASA completes SLS design review, confirms rocket to be orange
Stop telling the public we're not doomed, says climate change scientist
Shark Attack Victim Survives After Pulling Out Shark's Eyeball
Prison phone companies fight for right to charge inmates $14 a minute: "Everybody sues us about everything," says FCC chairman.
F.B.I. Chief Links Scrutiny of Police With Rise in Violent Crime
Police ask owner of 50-pound pot package to come forward
Top Intel lawyer says terror attack would help push for anti-encryption legislation
Congressman Reluctantly Sings "Meet The Mets" On House Floor To Settle A Bet
Congressman Sings 'Meet the Mets' on House Floor After Losing Bet
Use Cow Urine to Clean Hospitals, Urges Mumbai Corporator
New Zealand ready to replace racially offensive place names
Car washer is killed after his colleague inserts high pressure air hose into his rectum 'as a prank' in India
For 61st time, House passes anti-Obamacare bill
Mumbai: Car washer killed after colleague inserts high-pressure air hose into his rectum
White Woman Gives Birth To Black Baby, Claims The Ghost Of Michael Jackson Impregnated Her
Car washer is killed after his colleague inserts a high pressure air hose into his rectum 'for a prank' in India
Maldives Arrests Vice President Over Plot to Assassinate President
A Baby Was Born "Pregnant" With Twins (Let That Sink In)
Baby Girl Born With Possible Absorbed Twins Inside Her
Please let me blow myself, my 72 virgins are waiting for me in heaven: Taliban suicide bomber
Darth Vader statue replaces Lenin monument in Ukraine - video
Police warn businesses to watch out for Santa Claus, Spiderman after heist
Janet Jackson postpones 'Unbreakable' tour dates through illness
Is there a tech solution for hatred of women?
South Florida man wants to give satanic invocation at county meeting
Guest speaker at disability accessibility forum, forced to crawl off United flight after wheelchair wasn't provided.
Apparently John Snow robbed our Pawn Shop a few days ago.
Don't want cuts to tax credits? Blame Jeremy Corbyn
Charles Koch wears Darth Vader costume to work
How to confront friends who wear offensive Halloween costumes
Most read Top Videos Quizzes News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGSAVE OUR STEELKIRSTY HOWARDBECKY WATTS MURDER TRIALTAX CREDITSXI JINPING Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News World news Police Horrified woman 'walks in on boyfriend having sex with her dog'
Man's "Super" Best Friend: Chinese Scientists Genetically Engineer Muscular Dogs
As incentive to vote, one Philadelphia resident will win $10,000
Queensland Police warn businesses to watch out for Santa Claus, Spiderman after service station heist
After pilots' texts of Miley Cyrus song, Welsh cautions airmen
Lenin given Darth Vader makeover.
Traffic Safety Research Proves Auto Companies are Actually Increasing Unsafe Driving through New Technology
Virgin bride presents "certificate of purity" to father on wedding day
Texas cowboys deliver Ten Commandments tablet to Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin
Cheese is addictive as drugs, study finds
Andy Kaufman, Redd Foxx Hologram Comedy Tour Planned for 2016
UNC Children's Clinic Officially Renaming Itself the "Krispy Kreme Challenge" Clinic
Scientists discover cheese is as addictive as drugs
Doctors Are Livid About the 'Krispy Kreme Challenge' Children's Clinic
Caitlyn Jenner Named 'Woman Of The Year'
Man fatally beat friend after friend 'changed into a zombie'
Children's Clinic Receives Backlash for Renaming Facility After Krispy Kreme
Parents Ask Moscow School to Remove Girl With Down Syndrome From Yearbook
The Nude LSD Therapy That Made Psychopaths Worse
Family upset ghost tour included site where grandfather died
Sheriff: 13-Year-Old Robs Ice Cream Shop at Knifepoint
Arkansas Man Arrested For "Pimping Beavers" On Craigslist Out Of Dirty Motel - See more at: http://now8news.com/arkansas-man-arrested-for-pimping-beavers-on-craigslist-out-of-dirty-motel/#sthash.sRP8YqbV.dpuf
Turkish Premier Touts Matchmaking Service as Campaign Heats Up
Manchester Police Officer Pickets Against Panhandler
Rotting Shack Sells for $400,000 in San Francisco
Columbus, Ohio motorists rethinking 60 million dollar "spider bridge"
Speaker Disinvited from 'Uncomfortable Learning' Series for Making Students Uncomfortable
Israeli PM Netanyahu suggests WWII-era Palestinian leader inspired Holocaust
Russia Poised to Criminalize Coming Out
Black U.S. citizen Kyle Lydell Canty seeks refugee status in Canada
Student suspended after posting Facebook pic with gun
'Two complete losers' charged with heroin possession with baby in tow, police chief says
Somebody Is Carving Select Cuts from Canadian Cows and Leaving Their Corpses in the Field
Protest Erupts During Coca-Cola Pouring Rights Forum
Unable to Deal with Hillary's Dominance, Conservative Accuses Clinton of Being on Drugs
Reds send out pizzas to stump for Giovinco
Toronto FC responds to Columbus Crew's MVP bribes with free pizza
If I had a choice, I wouldn't be a whitey
Children's Hospital being renamed after Krispy Kreme donuts.
FL Cop Pleads Guilty To Giving 60 Glory Holes While Pretending To Be Woman
Police: Masked Man Attacking People with Bow and Arrow in Nanticoke
Tokyo Sexwale says he will be candidate in Fifa presidential election
Woman Who Reviewed 31,000 Books on Amazon Dies
Teen Sues School Admins Who Said Her 'Nobody Knows I'm A Lesbian' Tee Is 'An Open Invitation To Sex'
Howler Monkeys With Smaller Balls Have Deeper Howls
ISIS Will Use High-Tech 'Floating Condom Bombs' to Destroy Russia's Air Force in Syria
Council unit red faced over SCHIT clean-up team name
Spanish town called 'Kill Jews' celebrates new name
Students protest Thomas Jefferson statue, call for its removal
Canada: Hells Angels Members Protest Legalization of Marijuana
Bacon To Be Classified As Dangerous As Cigarettes By World Health Organization
Why Self-Driving Cars Must Be Programmed to Kill
You Can Be Ticketed Drinking Coffee and Driving in St. Paul, MN.
Pastor spent $37 million church funds on wife's pop career
Booze and sweets officially found in nearby comet for first time
Woman Allegedly Arrested For Masturbating With A Sausage In Walmart
Man carjacks marked police SUV, leads a chase and both suspect/officer jump 40 feet down from Bay Bridge in San Francisco
Shiites commemorate Muhammad's grandson with mourning, self-flagellation
Al Gore and the media were wrong: U.S. Major Hurricane Drought Now One Decade and Counting
Merkel sets Netanyahu straight on German culpability for Holocaust
Is America too fat to fight its next war?
Don't absolve us over Holocaust, Germany says after Netanyahu comment
Police: Indiana man dances on ex-girlfriend's roof after lighting home on fire
Taiwanese woman might have to pay hefty compensation after giving birth on a flight to the US
Convicted heroin dealer was tapped as Totes McGoats
Germany Starts Paying Immigrants to Go Back Home
A burglar with a sword is chased by a spear wielding woman.
Helena man said he choked woman after sex because she damaged his soul
We Smelled Vin Diesel's Head And Lived To Tell The Tale
Man with 17 girlfriends get caught after all 17 of them rushed to hospital to see him after accident.
Texting reduces need for pain medication during surgery
Domino's orders special pizza-delivery cars with ovens in rear
South African Tokyo Sexwale Declares FIFA Bid
Tony Blair apologizes for Iraq War
Underwear thief used custom-made fishing rod to steal more than 285 bras
Video: Chris Langan, the man with 200 IQ
Somebody is carving select cuts from canadian cows and leaving the corpse in the farmers fields
Police aren't sure why Williston man allegedly terrorized nursing home with gun
Pastor Sells 'Holy Pens' That Make Students Pass Exams Without Studying, Claims The More You Pay The More You Pass
Bush Campaign Death Spiral: Staffer Who May Have Pocketed $1.3 Million Tells Donors About Steps to Improve Financial Outlook
Freddy Krueger creep scaring British moms and babies
Alleged Hacker Behind John Brennan Email Breach: 'I Don't Want To Go To Jail'
Bungling dealer's £3m drug factory uncovered after he threw drugs out of window...and it landed next to police car
This cafe will no longer accept money out of your bra or underwear
Video: Actor held in Saudi for talking to women
FBI director: Cellphone cameras may partly explain rise in violent crime
Israeli Arab crosses into Syria on paraglider to join terror group
Breast Cancer Patient Denied Medicaid Coverage Because He's Not A Woman
Arab Israeli paraglided into Syria to join rebel group
Man With Breast Cancer Denied Medicaid Coverage Because He's Not a Woman
HI MILLION БИЗНЕС HI MILLION РЕКЛАМА HI MILLION
Prophet Dies Of 'Magun' After Sleeping With His Friend's Wife
Cleaning staff mistakes modern artwork for trash, removes it
'Human chimera': Man fails paternity test because genes in his saliva are different to those in sperm
Donald Trump lashes out at Iowa after new poll shows him losing: "Too much Monsanto in the corn creates issues in the brain"
Video songs online: Afghan Jalebi (Ya Baba) Video songs online
Woman's body dug out from grave, 'raped'
Organized crime syndicate cancels annual Halloween event hosted at its headquarters. Kids dismayed.
Sorry kids, trick-or-treat cancelled: Japan's yakuza mob cancels Halloween event amid gang violence fears
Police investigating Lewandowski 'drinking in a public place
This 11-year-old is selling cryptographically secure passwords for $2 each
IA Man Throws Playhouse at Officer
West Ham manager backs striker to stay fit
Trump: World would be '100%' better with Hussein, Gadhafi in power
Carson's violent past: Bricks, bats, hammers
Trump: 'I will be a great unifier'
Cake Boss to arresting officers: "You can't arrest me. I'm the Cake Boss."
Report has stunning revelations for contents of hot dogs. **2% contain human DNA.**
Bulgaria has a Pirate, samurai & French Queen running for elections
Mom Arrested After Forcing Her Kids To Watch "Mommie Dearest"
British soldiers spotted in Washington say they are there to 'save the US from Donald Trump'
Indinapolis Mayoral candidate Sam Carson says he would push for a law to cut off the hands of violent offenders once they have been convicted.
Confusion as Turkey clocks defy time-change delay
China professor's wife-sharing proposal sparks ire
Jeb Bush Throws A Fit And Tells America He Has Better Things To Do Than Be President
Firefighters rescue Barnsley fan who woke up on the toilet seven hours after the game ended
Chewbacca campaigns for Darth Vader in Ukraine, gets handcuffed by police
Chewbacca arrested in Ukraine for campaigning for Darth Vader
Twilight-inspired contact lenses prompt warning
Video Shows Bomb-Carrying Condom Balloon In Syria
Chewbacca arrested after campaigning for Darth Vader in Ukrainian election
Now You Can 3D Print Things Using Beer (and maybe coffee!)
Rare eating disorder compels California man to steal food
Tisdale is finally retiring the 'Land of Rape and Honey' slogan
'We're at War Now': A Sister, Accused of Fair-Weather Mets Fandom, Fires Back
Ronald McDonald Statue Burned, Decapitated, Has Feet Cut Off
Chris Christie Kicked Off Amtrak Quiet Car For Being Too Loud
Ex-cop sentenced to year in jail for pulling over a woman and asking to lick her feet
Women 'don't understand' fracking
Lenin Statue in Ukraine Turned Into Darth Vader
Adrian Peterson swallowed his tobacco chew on a bumpy flight and vomited upon arrival, hence the downgrade to questionable for Sunday's game
Woman Charged With Threatening (to eat) Neighbor's Children.
Chris Christie Kicked Out of Amtrack Quiet Car
Chris Christie asked to leave train car after being too loud
Guest column: Why Purdue should remove 'This is Engineering' viral video
Man fails paternity test because his unborn brother is the father of his child.
Whoopi Goldberg Cuts Show Short After Tour Bus Catches Fire
Anarchist seeks spot on city Common Council
Woman arrested for masturbating with a sausage in a wal-mart bathroom.
Drake's 'Hotline Bling': A Song About Sprawl
Chris Christie asked to leave Amtrak's quiet car after creating a clamor
Jimmy Fallon falls again, hurts fingers on other hand
Caitlyn Jenner set to be 'honored as Glamour magazine's Woman of the Year
Brewing the word of the Lord: Valley church uses beer to spread God's message
Migrant crisis: Emergency talks on Balkans under way
Witness: Noisy Christie exits Amtrak 'quiet car' after complaints
Chris Christie kicked out of Amtrak's "quiet car" for making noise
Caitlyn Jenner And Reese Witherspoon Are Glamour Magazine's 'Women Of The Year'
Muslim Cleric: Terrorist Women In Heaven "Will Have A Man With A Penis That Never Bends"
Christie: Black Lives Matter 'create' call to kill officers
Some Jihadists Are Really Bad At Recommending Encryption
Texas man found eating teenage boy in haunted house attraction
Women oppose fracking because they 'don't understand' - scientist
Sanders: I am not 'shouting' at Hillary Clinton
Judge tosses Wikimedia's anti-NSA lawsuit because Wikipedia isn't big enough
VIDEO SHOWS BOMB-CARRYING CONDOM BALLOONS IN SYRIA
Cheese triggers same part of brain as hard drugs, study finds
Russia and Ukraine suspend direct flights between countries
Man carrying spear chases man carrying sword through south Wichita
Woman who thinks she's a bicycle attaches herself to front of bus
FEMINIST GERMAINE GREER ACCUSES BRUCE 'CAITLYN' JENNER OF 'WANTING TO STEAL THE LIMELIGHT' FROM KARDASHIAN GIRLS
President Obama compares Republicans to Grumpy cat
Rugby World Cup 2015: Australia to play All Blacks in final
South Carolina man arrested for hoarding between 7,000 and 10,000 guns. "There were so many guns we quit counting after a while"
NM man says he beat friend for turning into a zombie
Human DNA found 2% of hot dogs
PM considers canceling residency of 80,000 East Jerusalem Palestinians
Student faces assault charges for throwing baby carrot at teacher
Report Finds Some Vegetarian Hot Dogs Contain Meat and Traces of Human DNA
Anderson Police training to use nunchucks
Rents in San Francisco Are So Outrageous That Young Professionals Prefer Living in Shipping Containers
Warning after wild ponies high on sugar attack humans Read more: http://www.westernmorningnews.co.uk/Warning-wild-ponies-high-sugar-attack-humans/story-28050158-detail/story.html#ixzz3pd70i1LW Follow us: @WMNNews on Twitter | westernmorningnews on Facebook
Hot Dog Ingredients: Human DNA Among Disturbing Components Found In Hot Dog
Ben Carson once again compares something to slavery, this time abortion
Oxford Researchers Study Divorce Patterns in Great Tits
Warning after wild ponies high on sugar attack humans
Panties pervert used homemade fishing rod to steal hundreds of worn bras and knickers
United Airlines apologizes after disabled man crawls off flight
Watch Obama Make a Grumpy Cat Face to Mock Republicans
Counter-protester dresses up as Jesus and makes fun of a crying child outside abortion clinic
restoration of neglected relic muslim monument started with donations from hindu organisation sparks debate amongst muslims on whether this is allowed in islam.
Police did not shut down illegal 36-hour central London rave because it was 'too dangerous'
Seals keep forbidden love alive via FaceTime
Death to Capitalism? Visitors to Marx's Grave Balk at Fee London cemetery charges fee to see late communist's memorial; 'redistribution'
NSA dodges another lawsuit because nobody can prove agency is spying on them
Evolution Made the Human Fist Fit for Punching
Guatemala election: Comedian Jimmy Morales elected president in landslide victory
Guy dressed like Jesus protests protesters at abortion clinic
Counter protester in Jesus garb at Fargo abortion clinic 'judo throws' man who spit on him
No joke: Guatemalan comedian wins presidency in landslide
Chewbacca Lands Himself In Court On Ukraine's Local Election Day
Russia's Loitering Close to Vital Underwater Data Cables Has the U.S. Spooked
1,001 Times the Media Acted Shocked That Trump Was Running a Real Campaign
Death to Capitalism? Visitors to Marx's Grave Balk at Fee
Israel: Arab citizen uses paraglider to infiltrate Syria
FBI Director Blames Citizens with Cameras for Increase in Homicides - PINAC
Angry dad dials 999 to report his daughter for smoking while pregnant
Police bust sideshow near Rodeo
Japanese Yakuza cancels traditional Halloween handout for kids among fears of new gang war
Stortford woman appalled by cemetery letter to her father - who died in 2002
Chewbacca Arrested While Campaigning For Darth Vader In Ukraine
Cracker that survived the sinking of the Titanic is sold for $22,968 at auction in England as it's dubbed ' the most valuable biscuit in the world'
Study Finds Human DNA In Hot dogs
4 Motives Toward Seek the services of Proficient Movers | packers and movers in kolkata
Study Finds Human DNA in Vegetarian Hot Dogs
'Sugar-crazed' Quantock ponies attacking humans to feed fix
Study finds human DNA in hot dogs, meat in veggie dogs
Gangs of wild ponies attacking tourists for sweet treats
Heavy Damage By Earthquake Pakistan Suffers
Over 7,000 stolen guns seized from South Carolina man (video)
Stop taking selfies on railway tracks, Network Rail warns
Here's How to Make Money Off the Migrant Crisis
One in 10 hotdogs contain human DNA, suspicious 'mystery meat' or other dodgy substances
A shocking amount of conservative politics is a multilevel marketing scam
Fizzy drinks banned by organisers of World Puddle Jumping Championships in Northamptonshire after 'unfair advantage' concerns
If you think you're unhappy in Dubai, local police may call to ask why as part of new survey
Saudi ambassador says Jeremy Corbyn 'lacks respect'
Afghan capital university unlikely host for women's studies program
Officer Who Bit Man's Testicles Is Off Police Force
Indonesian women must take 'virginity tests' before joining the military
'Chewbacca' got arrested driving 'Darth Vader' to a Ukrainian polling station
'Chewbacca' arrested as he drives 'Darth Vader' to Ukrainian polling station
Trump: We'd be better off if Hussein and Gadhafi were still in power
Saudi prince arrested at Beirut Airport after discovery of 2 tons of drugs
Woman attempts to drive off in an armoured personnel carrier at Russian military display after organisers leave the keys in it... but she smashes straight into a wall
Not a home run: Cringeworthy moment a California Congressman who lost a bet belts out Meet the Mets on the House floor
What's in a hot dog? Sometimes human DNA, this report found
MCSO: Teen shoots self with homemade shotgun
The police force is strong with this one: Ukrainian officers arrest Chewbacca at political rally where he was campaigning for mayoral candidate Darth Vader
Refugees refuse beds at Swedish holiday park
Economics professor has solution for China's millions of bachelors: let them share wives, or even marry each other
American Egg Board CEO Steps Down Amid Vegan Mayo Controversy
Ben Carson Has Plenty of Energy, Once Tried to Stab a Guy
Snowball-Chucking, Science-Hating Senator May Crash Paris Climate Talks
Motorist so drunk cops thought breathalyser was broken
Science says a poo transplant through the nose works better than antibiotics
Yakuza gang cancels children's Halloween event for fear of violence
Cops Now Using Prepaid Card Readers to Rob Motorists of Digital Funds on Roadside
Darth Vader Not Allowed to Vote in Ukrainian Elections, Chewbacca Detained
Science says a poo transplant taken through the nose works better than antibiotics
Watch us carve a pumpkin with a .22 rifle
Trump: My dad gave me a 'small loan' of a million dollars
Chewbacca in court over lack of ID while driving Darth Vader to Ukraine election
Your Vegetarian Hot Dog May Contain Meat ... and Human DNA
Chris Christie Was Asked to Leave Amtrak's Quiet Car After Creating a Clamor
Chris Christie breaks the only rule of the Amtrak quiet car
Comet Lovejoy pretty much spews sugar and booze, study finds
Not Enough Women in China? Let Men Share a Wife, an Economist Suggests
Jeb Bush's failing campaign being rescued by his parents and brother
Bacon and other processed meats can cause cancer, experts say
Pakistani homicide unit's new tactic: find evidence, don't plant it
Man tells police he killed friend for turning into a zombie
UW-Milwaukee: Where the Phrase 'Politically Correct' is a Microagression
Man tells cops he killed friend for turning into a zombie
Police Search for Female "Beetlejuice" after Hit-and-Run.
Darth Vader supporter Chewbacca arrested in Ukraine
Donald Trump describes father's 'small loan': $1 million
Hilarious attempt to remove a blue-tongued lizard from a house
Guatemala election: Jimmy Morales elected president
Urinating on a tree leads to credit card fraud charges for three Quebec men
Astronaut Sloth conquered the Internet; now he's going to the moon
Harry Potter fans "heartbroken" as author urges engagement with Israel
Some Guy Made His Girlfriend a Vibrator to Get Her Off While She Plays Minecraft
Kids' health clinic renamed in honor of Krispy Kreme doughnut binge
Not enough single women? Share a wife in China!
Woman tries to drive off with armoured military display vehicle, crashes it into wall instead
How 'Texas' became Norwegian for 'crazy'
Man Who Was Never Born Fathers a Child
Man who was never born fathers a son
NY cops call for boycott of Tarantino films after he protests police brutality
Meet the new Palestinian baby girl 'Knife of Jerusalem'
Chewbacca Arrested By Ukrainian Police For Supporting Darth Vader
Dog named Trigger shoots owner.
Dog named 'Trigger' shoots woman in the foot
Ben Carson says abortion is like slavery, advocates automatic weapons, suppression of free speech at colleges, etc., etc. etc.
After marathon of "The Walking Dead," a New Mexico man told police he fatally beat his friend with a microwave before he could turn into a zombie
Man charged in Ludington pitchfork stabbing over stolen chicken
10% of vegetarian hot dogs contain meat, says analysis
Ukrainian soccer executive considers segregating black and white fans 'to avoid racism'
New York Times Magazine: Could you kill a baby Hitler?
Dog named Trigger shoots owner while hunting
Autistic restaurant worker goes unpaid for hundreds of hours - Worked at Middletown Applebee's as a prep cook
Hot dogs, ham cause cancer: WHO
Model feeds man pastries in Weezer's video for new single 'Thank God For GIrls' - watch
Barnsley fan asleep in toilet gets stuck inside Oakwell for seven hours
Dad Learns That Unborn Twin 'Fathered' His Son
Dog named Trigger shoots Indiana hunter in foot
Britain is poorer than any US state except Mississippi if it joined America
Dog named Trigger shoots owner during Indiana waterfowl hunt
Chewbacca Was Arrested For Trying To Help Darth Vader Vote In An Election
Intact $10 bill found in bagged salad
"South Park" needs your original gay fan art - by tonight
Processed meats classified as Group I Carcinogen - the same as Tobacco
Indiana woman recovering after being shot in foot by dog named Trigger
Dog Named Trigger Shoots Indiana Woman in the Foot
Cops: Man kills 'zombie' pal after binge-watching 'Walking Dead'
Prince William beats Kate and Prince Harry in welly-throwing contest
Man Fails Paternity Test Because Unborn Twin Is The Biological Father Of His Son
Air Berlin flight lands in Erzurum to boot economy woman who used business WC
Dog named Trigger Shoots owner during hunting trip.
William takes on Kate and Harry in welly wanging contest during Bafta visit
Salon worker praised cryotherapy - then 'froze to death' during treatment
Virgin bride presents 'certificate of purity' to dad at wedding
Donald Trump: My dad gave me 'a small loan' of $1 million to get started
Indiana Hunter shot by dog named Trigger
Dog named Trigger shoots owner during waterfowl hunt
Cops: Bound Boys Forced To Watch "Mommie Dearest"
Brit tourist stabbed in buttocks by German COPPER for 'crossing road too slowly'
Police: Man used microwave, guitar to kill friend becoming zombie
MAN KILLED FRIEND FOR TURNING INTO A ZOMBIE
N.M. man brutally kills buddy after binge-watching 'The Walking Dead' because he believed pal had turned into zombie: cops
New Mexico man says he beat friend for turning into a zombie
Brave Portland Woman Breaks Up Planned Parenthood Protest by Chanting "Yeast Infections!"
Donald Trump says Ben Carson is low energy, Ben Carson says he once tried to stab someone
Chewbacca Arrested During Ukraine Elections
Walking Dead Fan Fatally Beats Friend He Thought Was Turning Into a Zombie
Johnson Controls CEO speaks out about scandal, says he barely knew con man
'Poo bomb' from plane smashes hole in UK couple's roof
Adam Schiff sings Meet the Mets on House floor after losing bet to Steve Israel
Ben Carson compares abortion to slavery
Comet Lovejoy Spews Alcohol, Sugar in Space, Earning Nickname 'Happy Hour Comet'
Nightmare on Elm Street for Texas woman who dug up coffin
South Carolina Man Hoards Nearly 10,000 Stolen Guns
Study: Human DNA found in hot dogs
Video: Airline apologizes after disabled man crawls off plane
UK creates plan to prevent people with "white-sounding names" from getting all the jobs
23 Year Old kills friend because he was turning into a zombie...
Anti-vaxxers convinced Sesame Street character Julia is a Big Pharma conspiracy to 'normalize' autism
Dog named Trigger shoots owner in foot
Florida Man Attacks Karaoke DJ Over Mic Sound, Police Say
Inside the human blood-drinking, 'real vampire' community of New Orleans
Paisley dad forced to wash dishes in his shower for four years
Biscuit That Survived the Titanic Sinking Sold at Auction for $23,000
Transgender woman sent to Bristol Prison after assault conviction
Das Tomb: Karl Marx's Resting Place Has an Entry Fee
Ben Carson Promises That He No Longer Tries To Stab People
Dog named Trigger accidentally shoots owner during hunt in Indiana
Couple left with hole in roof after frozen poo fell from passing plane
Lindsey Graham on GOP field: 'How am I losing to these people?'
McDonald's Canada chicken to be mostly free of antibiotics by 2018
Grants police: Man fatally beat friend after friend 'changed into a zombie'
Lions fire offensive coordinator, promote QB coach Jim Bob Cooter
Bacon May Be Sold With Warning In California Label Following WHO's Announcement
MSNBC Analyst: Using a phrase like "hard worker" for legislators is disrespectful to slaves
Melissa Harris-Perry: Using a phrase like "hard worker" for legislators is disrespectful to slaves
Recommended read from Salon.com: Donald Trump defends the burqa -- in the most sexist way possible: "You don't have to put on make-up"
Man arrested after cheating his way to 2nd in Kenya marathon
Dog named Trigger shoots owner in the foot in Indiana
Alaska tribe to get back totem pole taken by U.S actor in 1930s
Darth Vader and Peking Duck to run for mayor of Odessa
Oregon burglar climbs naked into couple's bed, is chased at gunpoint
Maryland police officer accused of biting testicles has left department
Dixon goat exorcism fails to help Cubs win
Indiana woman recovering after being shot in foot by dog named Trigger - The Globe and Mail
New York police union calls for boycott of Quentin Tarantino films
Party's over: China authorities crack down on funeral stripping
Chocolate lab named Trigger accidentally shoots owner in the foot
Art installation in Italy ended up in a bin by cleaners who thought it was rubbish.
Ferrari bursts into flames at gas station, drives itself away
NYPD Union Calls For Boycott Of Quentin Tarantino Films
Spelling Errors, Discrepancies Led To Arkansas Marijuana Legalization Proposal Rejection
Man beats friend to death after pal 'changed into zombie': Cops
Dad Learns Unborn Twin Brother 'Fathered' His Son
New Mexico man kills friend to stop him becoming 'zombie': police
Harassment leads SXSW to cancel "Overcoming harassment in Games" Panel
Christian website: Don't look at your wife's face during sex to enjoy it even when she resists
How a man's unborn twin 'fathered' his son
CANADA HAS A BURGER STUFFED WITH REESE'S PEANUT BUTTER CUPS
Anti-Abortion protester dressed like Jesus respects life by throwing man on the ground with a "judo leg sweep"
Pope Francis Endorses Bernie Sanders for President
ABC Liquor store employee robs another ABC Liquor store
Applebee's to pay autistic cook who didn't receive money for work
Chewbacca Arrested at Ukrainian Polling Station
Dog named Trigger shoots owner in the foot.
Dog named Trigger steps on gun, shoots woman in Kosciusko County
Leaving China? Your books, maps and DVDs may be confiscated
Alleged butt smack costs town $30K
Welcome to Zaqistan! New York artist founds his own nation in Utah desert - and keeps it going for a decade
SXSW 2016: Panels to Tackle Harassment in Gaming Community Canceled Due to Harassment
Woman running for mayor of Toledo speaks in tongues and vows "destruction" if not elected.
Israeli Soldier Costume for Kids - Size M
Jim Harbaugh admits he destroyed a kid in laser tag at his bachelor party
Saudi prince held in massive drug bust in Lebanon
Human DNA found in hot dogs, according to report
Russian companies should block UDP traffic to fight piracy, says think tank
Tokyo Sexwale to run for FIFA presidency
The free world has lost its leader
Amish man challenges photo ID requirement to buy firearm as violation of his religious beliefs
Former Politician Claims To Have Stopped The Illuminati From Destroying Mankind
Parts of London have higher TB rates than Iraq or Rwanda
Music Student Uses Terrifying Graphics to Spread His Love of Jazz
Unidentified Space Junk Labelled 'WTF' Is About To Crash Into Earth
British railway asks residents to stop taking train track selfies
20,000 Israelis sue Facebook for ignoring Palestinian incitement
South Carolina man had more than 7,000 guns, up to 500 chainsaws
La Trobe Street closed as police negotiate with man carrying 'meat cleaver'
Dog named Trigger shoots Indiana woman in foot during waterfowl hunt
Human DNA found in hot dogs, meat in vegetarian hot dogs.
Indiana woman shot in foot by her dog named trigger
Man Arrested After Cheating His Way To Second In Kenya Marathon - Officials became suspicious when Njogu was not sweating after the race.
15-Year-Old Pimp Busted for Running Prostitution Ring Out of His Mom's House
Man charged with assault during Monopoly tournament
New Mexico man kills 'zombie' friend after binge-watching Walking Dead
Lonely bear spotted walking on Mars surface
As large animals disappear, the loss of their poop hurts the planet
Walking Dead fan fatally beats friend who he mistook for a zombie
Socialist Utopia Denmark: Where A Crappy Used Car Is Too Expensive For The Middle Class
If Sweden and Germany Became US States, They Would be Among the Poorest States
SXSW cancels online harassment panel, because of harassment
Somehow, Karl Marx's Resting Place Has an Entry Fee
Chinese Communist Party woos hipsters with indie-pop 'Five-Year Plan' theme tune
In Fresno, Car Washes Common Way to Pay for Funerals
Man kills friend after binge-watching 'Walking Dead' - says he believed friend turned into 'zombie'
Man Binge-Watches 'The Walking Dead' and Beats His Friend to Death With a Guitar for 'Turning Into a Zombie'
Emperor Palpatine takes City Council seat in Ukraine's Odessa
Suspected car thief escapes Thorsby police by stealing RCMP cruiser
Man drunkenly books holiday to Brazil and has a great time
Fuckoffee café in hot water over 'offensive' signage
Anderson Police Trade Batons For Nunchucks As Nonlethal Weapon Of Choice
If you're unhappy in Dubai, the police may call you
In Bruce Lee-like move, Northern California police department to adopt nunchakus
China loses Guinness title over wastage of fried rice
Wastage Costs Chinese City Guinnes Fried Rice Title
Dog named Trigger shoots owner in the foot in freak hunting accident
Dog named Trigger shoots owner during duck shooting in Indiana
Blacks-only seats in Kiev football matches? Stadium boss advocates segregation to fight racism
MSNBC's Melissa Harris Perry: Don't Say 'Hard Worker,' Because It's Offensive to Slaves
SXSW Cancels Panel on Harassment Citing Threats of Violence
Northern California police department to adopt nunchakus
Indiana Jones charged after Yates County car chase.
Dynamo Kyiv stadium chief suggests segregating black fans in order to combat racism.
Burglars break into Waikato charity shop, feed cats.
11 earthquake facts that will shake you to the core
After Binge Watching 'Walking Dead,' N.M. Man Kills Friend Over Zombie Fears
New meaning to Black Death as smuggled caviar is found stashed in a... coffin
Man camps out for Black Friday 33 days early
Orwell Estate Sends Copyright Takedown Over the Number "1984"
Health Conscious Punks Begin Vaping Glue
Chewbacca arrested, Emperor Palpatine wins in bizarre Ukrainian elections
China turns to psychedelic David Bowie lookalike to push 'five-year plan'
Dynamo Kyiv official suggests segregating black fans 'to combat racism'
Cops Get Nunchucks to Soften Violent Image
The World Health Organisation says bacon is carcinogenic and right-wingers think it's a Muslim conspiracy
Cops: Florida Couple Stalked a Woman for Being French
Vaping Sausages May Be Safer, Word Health Organisation Says
Man tells police he killed friend for turning into a zombie, blames 'The Walking Dead'
Cops Are Armed With Nunchucks to Offset 'Aggressive' Image
After receiving threats, SXSW cancels panel about online harassment
Man Sneaks Away During Fruad Trial, Found Not Guilty
Husband accused of prostituting wife to over 2,700 men
IRL Futurama plot doesn't turn out well
'Does my face look like I support ISIS?' Davutoglu asks
Israeli PM, Netanyahu, claims Hitler didn't want to kill the Jews, but Palestine made him.
Russia: Police catch speeding hearse full of caviar
Darth Vader masks found in ISIL cells
Florida Show Horse Is Stolen and Slaughtered, Apparently for Meat
Hasbro Says Toy Hamster Looks Nothing Like Fox News Anchor
A UFO Named WTF Is About To Crash Into The Indian Ocean
A$AP Ferg Gets Roasted For Not Understanding Basic English
Russian Orthodox Official Warns Eating Potato Chips Is 'Sinful'
ANALYSIS | Way too many Nazi references in this Republican race
Man exits vehicle to drink coffee and read newspaper in lawn chair during traffic jam on I-95
Russian Store Recalls Toy Hedgehogs With Pink 'Holes' on Their Bellies
Court to Decide if Autopsy Counts as Health Care
Way too many Nazi references in this Republican race
Young woman 'freezes to death' in cryotherapy chamber
Modern art installation cleared away by cleaners who mistook it for rubbish
SXSW cancels 2 panels on gaming harassment following threats of harassment
Italian cleaners bin "rubbish" modern art
Injured Deer Walks Into Emergency Room of New York Hospital
Dog called Trigger shoots owner
Salon worker 'froze to death' in cryotherapy chamber
School Placed on Lockdown After Man Walks In, Demands to Sing Justin Bieber Songs on Intercom.
Independence man accused of murdering his mother arrested while tattooing 'Mom' on his leg
Modern art installation removed by cleaners who thought it was party aftermath Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2015/10/25/cleaners-throw-away-modern-art-thinking-it-was-mess-from-a-party-this-weekend-5460989/#ixzz3pmO6USAu
CIA chief 'outraged' by personal email hack
Dog named Trigger shoots owner during hunt
Dog named Trigger steps on gun, shoots owner
Dunbar police: Justin Bieber delusion leads to school lockdown
Fox News Turns To A Panel Of Men To Debate Whether Women Should Be Allowed To Wear Leggings
Chewbacca arrested in Ukraine after campaigning for Darth Vader
Dog named Trigger shoots hunter in the foot.
Family makes controversial decision to stunt disabled daughter's growth
Bacon, ham, sausages have same cancer risk as cigarettes: WHO report
Canadian Co. Sheriff Credits 'Pickles' For Major Drug Bust
Leggins' ain't pants' according to this Tennessee woman
Cleaner Mistakes Installation at Italy's Museion Bozen-Bolzano Museum for Trash
The oldest woman in the world has four rashers of bacon every morning for breakfast
Man pimps out his dog in exchange for sex with farm animals
Rise of killer robots -- and why we need to stop them
Rubber-band castration attempt leads to animal cruelty charges
New Poll Finds That GOP Voters are Out of Their Minds
Guinness refuses to award world-record to 4.6 tonne bowl of Yangzhou fried rice after organizers use the rice for pig food
A resilient cracker that survived the Titanic sells for $23,000
Michael Savage Warns That SNL And Larry David Are Ushering In Sharia Law
SXSW cancels gaming harassment session due to threats of violence
Dog Named Trigger Steps on Shotgun, Shoots Owner in Indiana
Man Faces Drug Charge After Allegedly Demanding To Sing Justin Bieber Songs At School
It wasnt worth it, says 103 year old vegetarian
It costs $6 to visit Karl Marx's grave
Chewbacca Arrested at Polls on Election Day in Ukraine
Police find half a ton of caviar in speeding hearse
SOUTH KOREA: 'DEATH EXPERIENCE' SCHOOLS FORCE SUICIDAL PEOPLE INTO COFFINS TO RECONSIDER
Quentin Tarantino has 'destroyed his career' says rightwing host Bill O'Reilly
Dunbar principal: Man wanted to sing Justin Bieber at middle school
India: Man sells police station to a gullible realtor
Mike Tyson endorses Donald Trump for president
Chewbacca arrested on Election Day in Ukraine
Dog named Trigger steps on gun, shoots Indiana woman
Final Fantasy gaming fan gives police a bit of fright by handing in a 6ft long Samurai sword
Apple unlock: Judge compares request to execution order
EXCLUSIVE: 'I stopped Large Hadron Collider destroying human race', claims ex-politican
Bill Bailey: Comedian's tour bus 'nicked' in Liverpool
Common Aggie hand gesture needs to go, students say
What Began as a Get-Together for Bernie Fans Has Become a Three-Week Dance Party Called Bernie Man
South Jersey fire chief allegedly smacking woman's butt costs town $30K
Bigfoot believers gather at New York retreat, swap stories
Father Stabs Daughter After Dispute Over Antifreeze
Arkansas rejects marijuana legalisation due to 'spelling and grammar errors' in proposal
Woman Charged With McChicken Assault
Scientists Map The Parts Of The Body Where Touching Is Okay
Persian Gulf Heat Index Forecast: 170 Degrees
China releases psychedelic music video, featuring David Bowie lookalike, to promote 'five-year plan'
Youths assault mate for choosing to stay in with his girlfriend
Middle school placed on lockdown after man demands to sing Justin Bieber songs over intercom
Injured deer walks into hospital emergency room
Trump on his drop in the polls: 'I don't get it'
Police in a small California town to be equipped with nunchucks
Emperor Palpatine Elected To The City Council In Odessa
Dog named Trigger shoots its owner during duck-hunting trip
Guatemala just elected a comedian with zero political experience to be president
Lena Dunham Will Dress Up as a Planned Parenthood Abortionist for Halloween
Comedian Best Known For Blackface Elected President Of Guatemala
Guatemala has elected a comedian as president. The US would never do that
Kenya Marathon Runner Accused of Cheating, Running Only Last 1,000 Yards
Roger Goodell says NFL Deflategate appeal isn't about Tom Brady
Parents allow 5-year-old to choose 'heaven or hospital'
News Anchor Sues Hasbro for "Lookalike" Toy
Walking dead binge turns deadly when man kills friend who he thought was a zombie.
Republicans Hold Debate On Colorado Campus, Shut Out Students
Professional golfer hits shot into groin
Pro Golfer's Shot Ricochets Off Tree, Nails Him in Groin
Cops: Indiana Jones Arrested After 100 MPH Chase in New York
Supergirl reacts to Jeb Bush calling her 'pretty hot'
'Prepare for Drone Apocalypse': New ammo meant to protect privacy- and down drones
Deer hit by car walks into New York hospital emergency room
Pastor sells 'holy pens' that 'make students pass exams'
Watters' World: Cornell edition | On Air Videos
Pastor Sells 'Holy Pens' Guaranteed To 'Make Students Pass Exams'
Black LAPD officer sues for allegedly being mistaken as gang member impersonating officer
Parents tie their daughters stalker to a lamppost
Woman dies in cryotherapy chamber, found frozen
Modern art exhibit mistaken for trash and thrown away
A 103-year-old cracker from the Titanic just sold for $23,000
Police: Couple tried "home remedy" to castrate family dog
Released murder suspect arrested again for attempted murder
Alabama closes driver's license offices, keeps money-losing liquor stores open
Someone in Alabama Sold a Priceless Lunar Rover for Scrap Metal
Full circle: "Politically correct" is now politically incorrect in Wisconsin
Facebook Gives Its Staff A Taste Of Emerging Markets With New '2G Tuesdays' Program
Friends Hold Fake Funeral For Friend Who Is Always With His Girlfriend
In the past five years, at least six Americans have been shot by dogs
Chicago man kills friend after thinking he is turning into a zombie
G'day mate: ''Lazy' Australian accent caused by 'alcoholic slur' of heavy-drinking early settlers'
Walmart Israeli soldier Halloween costume for children sparks outrage
Trump Says Women Like Burqas Because They Don't Need to Wear Makeup
Woman removed from 'Bodyguard' musical for singing horribly
Two Iranian poets sentenced to 99 lashes for shaking hands with members of the opposite sex
Drug firm CEO Martin Shrkeli admits being a 'jackass' on Reddit, after Diaprim price hike
'Chewbacca' Arrested During 'Darth Vader' Election Bid
Indiana Jones arrested in Upstate NY following high speed car chase
Donald Trump says women in Islamic countries like burqas as they don't need to wear makeup
Missing sleepwalker found on couch 9 miles away.
MSNBC host Melissa Harris-Perry says term 'hard worker' demeans slaves
'Detroit: Become Human' is Quantic Dream's debut PS4 game
Facebook's "2G Tuesdays" Gives Employees Super-Slow Internet
EPA: Remedy to Landfill Fire to Come in 2015
Man attempts to sing Justin Bieber, prompts school lockdown
Cornell University kicks Fox News off campus after questions about 'liberal bias' [X-post r/news]
Man named Indiana Jones flees police, causing high speed chase
Green Bay Packers vs Denver Broncos live stream nfl football online week 8, November 01, 2015
House sends off Boehner with 'Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah' tribute
Cornell University kicks Fox News off campus after questions about 'liberal bias'
Hitler comedy Look Who's Back becomes Germany's No 1 movie
Boxer who appears in X-rated sex tape says he was drugged
Toledo Mayoral Candidate Speaks in Tongues, Warns of Apocalypse
Art binned by cleaner in Italy 'restored'
Police to Use Nunchucks to Offset 'Aggressive' Image
Northern California police department to equip its 20 officers with nunchakus
We're all dying anyways...
Donald Trump Suggests Women Wear Burkas to Get Out of Doing Their Makeup
Television's Dragnet Helped Obscure America's Decades Long Crisis of Police Brutality
Man fined $136 for cheating carpool lane, using zombie baby as passenger
Couple Says, 'I Boo' At Haunted House Wedding
Arrest made in Pensacola 'witchcraft' triple murder
Seen At 11: A Cosmetic Cure For 'Resting Bitch Face'
Sex Ed Lesson: 'Yes Means Yes,' but It's Tricky
The FBI Director Says Cops Are 'Under Siege' From Viral Videos
Couple says 'I boo' at wedding in haunted park
Sheriff David Clarke denies existence of police brutality, racism
"McGruff the Crime Dog" actor gets 16 years in prison in drug, weapons case
Wealthy high school draws criticism as students dress like poor people
Man gets $136 ticket for riding with zombie baby in his car
School placed on lockdown after man demands to sing Justin Bieber songs on intercom.
Drone carrying drugs, hacksaw blades crashes at Oklahoma prison
Beheading of Woman in Beheader at a Nevada Beheading Center Raises Questions About Safety
Korn Frontman Working on Country Project With Big & Rich
Harris Faulkner: Hasbro says toy hamster looks nothing like news anchor
Injured Deer Walks into Emergency Room After Being Hit by Car
California police department training to use nunchucks
Local state rep who called public schools 'socialism' to chair education committee
Australian accent caused by 'alcoholic slur' of heavy-drinking early settlers
The US embassy in Kathmandu has rules for dealing with abominable snowmen.
Guitarist Hears Weird Buzz From His Guitar, Opens It, Finds a Wasp Nest
Tony Abbott urges Europe to adopt boat turnbacks in response to refugee crisis
Person Complains of Buzzing Coming from Guitar Turns out to Be a Nest of Wasps
Man Allegedly Kills Friend Over Zombie Fears After Binge Watching 'Walking Dead'
Lena Dunham Plans To Dress As A Planned Parenthood Doctor For Halloween
Taliban Fighters Ordered to Help Earthquake Victims and Not Kill Aid Workers
L.A. Unified again fires attorney who blamed student for having sex with teacher
Man Charged After Wanting To Sing Justin Bieber Songs At School Faces New Charges
Chuck Pagano Reportedly 'Highly Unlikely' to be Fired this Week
"McGruff the Crime Dog" actor gets 16 years in prison for drug and weapons charges
Lancaster Man Arrested At Walmart for Masturbating with Mayonnaise in Bathroom
Salem witch takes warlock to court over alleged harassment
HuffPo: The Word 'Too' Is Sexist and Hurts Women
California cops armed with nunchucks to offset 'aggressive' image
A feminist claims the word "too" is sexist towards women
Hampton City Proposes No Wake Zone for Cars
EXCLUSIVE: Feds Disappear Native American That Cops Tried To Assassinate
Mustang crashes onto roof after driver loses control on I-69
Sheriff: Man pimped out dog, sought sex with farm animals
An unnerving number: In the past five years, at least six Americans have been shot by dogs
Norcal police department officers are now using "Nunchucks".
Boxer Who Appeared in Gay Adult Film Says He Was Drugged Into It
"McGruff the Crime Dog" actor gets 16 years in prison
Garbage art mistaken for actual garbage
Mike Tyson Just Endorsed Donald Trump
Ontario newborn bleeds to death after family doctor persuades parents to get him circumcised
Cremated remains stolen from vehicle
Fox News Anchor Sues Hasbro Over Toy Hamster That Shares Her Name
US woman breaks up Planned Parenthood protest with words 'yeast infection'
So much for Netflix & chill: Man kills pal for turning into zombie during 'Walking Dead' marathon - RT USA
Woman wakes after flooding to find shark in her yard
Kenya Marathon Runner Accused of Only Running Last 1000 Yards of 26 Mile Race
Outrage has followed student being marked down for claiming 5+5+5=15
Woman finds shark in yard after bad flooding
Allergic to ALL food: Utah teenager fears eating could kill him because rare condition means he is allergic to virtually everything
Bear pictured walking on mars
Katakan Putus - Katakan Putus TransTV 27 Oktober 2015 - 2 Nama 2 cinta
'The Walking Dead' fan allegedly kills friend before he could 'change into a zombie'
There's No Going Chewbacca As Star Wars Activist Arrested At Polls In Ukraine
Injured deer wanders into emergency department
Hasbro says it didn't steal host's identity for toy hamster
(Former Toronto Police Chief Julian) Fantino 'absolutely denies any wrongdoing' in 1973 ketchup allegation
Zombie Killer' blames murder on 'The Walking Dead,' thought friend was zombie
Italian Cleaners Accidentally Throw Away Modern Art
Cleaners mistake art installation for trash and throw it away
High school runner disqualified from race for good sportsmanship
Exclusive - Donald Trump to Breitbart Tech: Artificial Intelligence Creators, Users Should 'Consider Ethical and Moral Consequences'
DNR: Porcupine Hunter Attacked By Black Bear In Michigan Woods
Museum clean-up crew mistakes modern art for garbage
Ukrainian police arrest Chewbacca at political rally where he was campaigning for mayoral candidate Darth Vader
Feminist Ethics Professor Found Guilty of Raping Severely Retarded Black Man
Yoga pants do not cause cancer
Body of 80-year-old woman found in airport luggage
Dog chases 120-kilo bear up tree in central Sweden
Florida man starts Black Friday camping 33 days early
California police departments opt for nunchucks over batons
Research links cancer to fruit and vegetables
Oregon family lets dying 5-year-old daughter decide: 'Heaven or the hospital?'
Report: More money bet on Lakers than Cavs to win NBA championship
Migrants REFUSE free luxury holiday homes with own swimming pool because they're TOO RURAL
Aussies slur their words and use only two-thirds of their mouth to speak because early settlers spent most of their days DRUNK, academic says
Australian accent is a product of early settler's heavy drinking, claims academic
Modern art mistaken for rubbish rebuilt in Italy
How Che Guevara Didn't Let Asthma Affect His Ambitions
Zimbabwean pastor, Prophet Sham Hungwe, claims 'anointed pens' will help students pass exams
Jack Monroe Wins Woman Of The Future Award After Coming Out As Transgender
Melissa Harris-Perry Scolds Guest to Be 'Super Careful' About Saying 'Hard Worker'
Man Arrested Twice for Singing Justin Bieber Songs at Two Schools
Dynamo Kiev consider calls to segregate black fans to prevent racism inside stadium
Dynamo Kiev decide segregation will prevent racism
Massachusetts witch takes warlock to court over alleged harassment
Melissa Harris-Perry rants about slavery after guest describes Paul Ryan as 'hard worker'
Art binned by cleaner in Italy 'restored' - BBC News
Ted Cruz as Beowulf: Matching Candidates With the Books They Sound Like
Portland woman breaks up Planned Parenthood protest yelling 'yeast infections'
GCHQ rejected me over my loyalty to God, says Charlie Storey
Christian spy rejected by GCHQ for 'favoring God over Britain'
China No Longer Putting Lead in Paint; Putting Lead in Candy Instead
Rand Paul Tries Out 'Yo Momma' Jokes for 'Disaster' Donald Trump
Transgender man used sex toy and bodysuit to 'dupe' woman into bed
"Fox & Friends" convenes all-male panel to judge whether women are "covering up their lady-parts"
As Use of Force Debate Rages, Northern California Town Equips Officers with Nunchucks
United apologizes for forcing disabled man to crawl off plane.
Lion Outwits Illegal Hunters - Kills Man Out To Shoot Him
Debate: RNC Gives Donald Trump Presidential Suite, Rand Paul Gets Bathroom
Bernie Sanders is a Socialist Because the Dodgers Left Brooklyn
How to hunt a Yeti, according to the U.S. government
Lindsay Graham pours beers, contemplates marrying Carly Fiorina
If Only the US Media Were More like Venezuela's
Georgia Man, 39, Arrested Following Sausage Biscuit Rage Incident At Waffle House
OWNER HEARS 'KABOOM,' FINDS CAR ON ROOF OF MICHIGAN HOME
Woman watching TV hears 'kaboom,' finds Mustang on roof
Anderson police department to adopt nunchakus
Jailhouse rot: Prisoner's genitals are disintegrating after he was duped into injecting 80 grams of Vaseline into his manhood to make it bigger by a fellow lag.
Man goes to police HQ to complain, charged with DWI
Meeting the Man Who Plans to Set His Entire Student Loan On Fire
53-Year-Old Mom Breastfeeds Her 6-Year-Old Daughter, Says It's Normal
Men who date women with slim waists are less likely to have performance issues in the bedroom
Lion turns the tables on illegal hunters by killing man looking to shoot him
Slimmer women's waist is associated with better erectile function in men independent of age.
Arizona "Pregnant Man" pleads guilty to disorderly conduct
Study finds very high level of salmon fraud in restaurants
Northeast Ohio man claims bird droppings show image of Jesus Christ
GOP campaigns erupt over unequal greenrooms
Saudi actor arrested in mall for attracting 'too much female attention'
Serena Williams Is Dating Alexis Ohanian, the Co-Founder of Reddit
Injured deer wanders into emergency room - and is quickly killed
FOOTAGE RELEASED - U.S. LED COALITION LAUNCHES AISTRIKE ON ISLAMIC STATE HEADQUARTERS
Health Conscious Man Switches to Processed Meat Vaporizer | Newswatch 9000
Women are getting labiaplasty to look good in their yoga pants
SJ Man Shoots Himself In Foot, Bullet Goes Through Floor, Hits Boy Downstairs
White worker says Canada Revenue Agency discriminated against him
Bull with head stuck in tree rescued in Rugby
NFL fines DeAngelo Williams for raising breast cancer awareness during breast cancer awareness month
Campaigns erupt over greenrooms at third GOP debate
Michigan woman hears 'kaboom,' finds Ford Mustang on roof of home
I took a picture of my friend taking a picture of his wrist after getting it broken
NFL fines William Gay for wearing Domestic Violence Awareness cleats
South Jersey Police Ask Drug Dealers to Rat Each Other Out, Eliminate Competition
Tool frontman labels band's own fans as 'insufferable retards'
Sheriff: Retired UPS driver admits to having sex with people's pets on route
Sega Apologizes For Quality Of Recent Sonic The Hedgehog Games
Tories reckon city's Christmas baubles are Labour propaganda
Owner Hears 'Kaboom,' Finds a Ford Mustang on Roof of Her Home
Tajikistan: President opens huge melon-shaped tea house
Orca Punts Seal 80 Feet Into the Air
Chinese scientists genetically engineer muscular superdogs
Sky City by Oberoi Realty |Pre-Launch| Rates|Area|Possession|
California police department arm officers with nunchucks to fight crime
Can I touch you there?...biggest ever study on physical contact
Bill Gates, richest capitalist of all time claims that: Only Socialism Can Save the Climate, 'The Private Sector is Inept'
High School Runner Disqualified From Race After Helping Rival Who Collapsed
Georgia Tech Student Jumped Onto Moving Train
CEO who pays all staff $70,000 mortgages house, sells assets
Trailing Clinton by 23 Points, Generously Plans to Consider Her for VP
Adviser to Sanders, Trailing Clinton by 23 Points, Generously Plans to Consider Her for VP
Danish man jailed for killing his brother with potatoes.
MSNBC's Melissa Harris-Perry redefines 'hard worker'
Artist Creates X-Rated Braille Book for the Blind
24 Sussex, the official residence of the Prime Minister of Canada, is too much of a wreck for Justin Trudeau to move into and is overrun by "dozens of cats".
Danish man found with many women's external genitals in the freezer
Australian Senator Claims WHO Report On Bacon Is First Step Towards Sharia Law
SACRAMENTO VOTES TO BAN LOUD, SLEEPING PEOPLE ON PUBLIC TRANSIT
Man Starts Brawl At Monopoly Tournament, Police Say
Diego Costa injury: Chelsea striker 'punched himself', says Jose Mourinho, and could be a doubt for Liverpool clash
Dog named Trigger shoots U.S. woman, say news reports
Alabama woman claims thieves stole her miniature horse to sell for meth
This $5,900 workstation lets you work laying down
Why Is This Pigeon Wearing A Bagel?
Drug Trafficker Attempts Daring Prison Escape As Elderly Grandmother
Man discovered Super easy Income Generating Method
50 Cent Shows Off Huge Crib in Africa Just Two Months After Filing for Bankruptcy
Humane Society teams up with Uber for Kitten deliveries Thursday
Ben Carson's Stabbing Story Is Full of Holes
Salem harassment trials: witch sues warlock over 'abuse and intimidation'
Department of Defense Searching for a lost Balloon in Lancaster, Pa
Runaway Defense Department balloon last seen in Lancaster area
Military Blimp Came Off Tether in Baltimore and is now missing
Salem Witch Sues 'World's Best-Known Warlock' For Harassment
This man saved UK libraries and communities from cuts, so the government is deporting him [Video, Images]
JLENS blimp has come free of its tether at APG, now floating over Pennsylvania; fighter jets are monitoring
Billion-Dollar Military Blimp Used to Identify Aircraft is Missing
Nutscaping sees men taking photos of their balls in front of stunning landscapes | Metro News
Witch wins protective order against warlock in Salem court
Jetstar NZ apologises to passenger for asking about pregnancy
Military Blimp On the Loose in Maryland
Owl airlifted to safety by helicopter after North Sea platform landing.
Anti-Rape activists have a hard time getting men on board with casual hook ups
WANTED: Massive $2.7B Surveillance Blimp Adrift Over Pennsylvania
How a husband can enjoy sex that is grudgingly given by his wife
Fighter jets tracking runaway Defense Department balloon over PA.
IBM buys The Weather Channel for its cloud technology and sensors
Man's 'fascination' with marijuana went up in flames on Budd Street in Masury
Man found guilty of attempting to murder a corpse
2 fighter jets track JLENS blimp that has broken free of its tether in Maryland
Snake in cranberry sauce being investigated
BURLEY • A high-profile police committee accidentally copied reporters on an email this week instructing its members to mislead the media if journalists or a city council candidate came to its next meeting.
Toledo Mayoral Candidate Warns Of God's Wrath
Georgia man sneaks out of courthouse moments before jury finds him not guilty, learns he's free on TV: 'I felt kind of stupid'
Pentagon spy blimp breaks free, floats menacingly over US East Coast
DoG Attact With Me,, Crezzy Dog
This is how super villains come to be.
James Bond 'wouldn't be given a job at MI6'
Man bursts massive zit on the back of his neck
Nick Young dressed up as God's Gift to Women for Halloween ... because why not
Authorities in Arizona said they arrested a man accused of pimping out his dog in exchange for sex with various farm animals.
Have You Seen This Blimp? A missile-defense balloon stationed in Aberdeen, Maryland, broke free and drifted away.
Marlboro 'M' Brand Marijuana Cigarettes Now For Sale In Four U.S. States
DOD radar blimp breaks loose, takes out power lines
Judge bars warlock from harassing witch in Salem
Dad Learns That His Twin Brother -- Who Was Never Born -- Is His Son's Father
Self-proclaimed 'witch' takes 'world's best-known warlock' to court
Elsmere, Delaware Police Ask Drug Dealers To Snitch On Each Other
Toronto on brink of a mob war, Italy warns
Researchers say female-named hurricanes are much more deadly because we don't take them as seriously
N.J. police department invites drug dealers to snitch on competitors
Today the US sets a record for not having a president die in office
Man cuts off own genitals over spouse's infidelity
False Alarm: Alleged University of Incarnate Word Gunman Actually a Security Guard
Salem witch gets restraining order against warlock
Anonymous Vows To Unhood 1,000 Ku Klux Klan Members
A Conversation with Opal Covey, the Exorcist Running for Mayor of Toledo
Geese Police Fighting Crime In China's Xinjiang Province
Man Starts a Brawl in Monopoly Tournament
Guard geese better at fighting crime than dogs, cops in China say
Man Calls 911, Turns In Drugs After Hearing Obama's Speech
Swansea Valley woman's asthmatic cat wins lottery
Saudi actor arrested by religious police for taking selfies with female fans in mall
Man arrested after being found with a massive stockpile of 10,000 guns, 500 chain saws
A White Guy Is Taking the Canadian Government to Court Because He Thinks They Don't Like White People
S.C. Student-Tossing Cop Apologizes For 'Not Just Shooting' Unarmed Black Student Instead
Fan Starts 'Go Fund Me' Account In Hopes Of Raising $1 Billion To Buy Detroit Lions
UPDATE: MA tow association says $48,000 tow bill in excess
Witch victorious over warlock in Salem court battle
Officer Dressed as Homeless Man Catches Drivers Using Phones
'McGruff The Crime Dog' (Actor) In Prison After Police Seize Marijuana Plants, Grenade Launcher
Man arrested after allegedly opening, drinking rum.
Zola's Twitter Tale of Strippers in Florida Is Easily the Wildest Thing You'll Read All Week
Processed meat causes cancer? Eat llama instead, says Bolivia's health ministry
Activists allege widespread cruelty at Tyson's chicken factory
Three US women claim a Saudi prince assaulted them and held them captive during three days of sex- and drug-fueled partying at a Beverly Hills mansion.
Gay and lesbian 'Braille porn' for blind people now exists in Sweden
A professor says Australians talk the way they do because early Aussie settlers were drunk all the time
Three US women claim sexual assault by Saudi prince in Beverly Hills mansion
Feminist try to get youtuber fired from his job
Brick thrown at JCPS bus hits driver
Emperor Palpatine Just Won a City Council Election in Odessa, Ukraine
Rare lunar rover prototype accidentally sold for scrap
'No Offence' magazine banned by Oxford University Students' Union because it may 'cause offence'
Did Huggies Photoshop 'thigh gap' on a baby?
Jaden Smith Thinks He Might Be as Revolutionary as Galileo
Students hope Satanists' presence hastens action
Police: Biscuit lover, angry over price increase, breaks glass...
Police: Man offered sex with dog in exchange for liaisons with farm animals
Zombie baby doll in carpool lane fails to fool Washington State Patrol
Attleboro lawyer represents Salem witch who wins case against warlock
Woman escapes jail after stealing another inmate's identity
Black American Seeks Asylum in Canada
BREAKING: Jake From State Farm Found Dead In Apartment Bedroom
Toilet-paper dispute ends with arrest
"Too," The 3-Letter Word That Cuts Women Down Every Day
California Police Force to Arm Officers With Nunchucks to Improve "Aggressive Perception"
Man Trying To Turn Himself In After Killing Ex-Girlfriend Turned Away
Salem witch takes warlock to court, could spell trouble
You probably have herpes, the WHO says
Tow company charges Massachusetts man nearly $49,000 to pull Jeep from mud pit
Man Charged Over $48K After His Jeep Needed a Tow in Massachusetts [VIDEO] - Wide Open Spaces
'Nutscaping' is the new trend where men ruin pictures of nice scenery with their balls.
Tila Tequila Sparks Outrage by Dressing Her Daughter as #BabyHitler
The FCC Has To Remind ISPs Not To Spend Taxpayer Subsidies On Booze, Trips To Disney World
Brooklyn Band Leader Is Accused of Duct-Taping 9-Year-Old Student's Mouth
The love child of a hippo and a friendly crocodile
Walmart halts sale of Israeli soldier Halloween costume, 'Sheik Fagin' nose
Boston City Council votes to give itself a $12,000 raise
Men are taking photos of their balls in front of beautiful landscapes
Tourist captures image of mysterious creature off Grecian coastline
Creationist Nut Ken Ham Says Gay Marriage Will Lead to Worldwide Nudity
Study finds child's health dramatically improves by cutting out sugar
Art installation of empty Champaign bottles gets thrown in trash
Milwaukee Sheriff Says Black Lives Matter 'Will Join Forces With ISIS' To Take Down America
Runaway blimp knocks out power through Pennsylvania
Child Vandals Terrorize Southside Neighborhood
Chinese state media carries report on internet freedom survey, removes reference to who came last
Runaway U.S. military blimp wreaks havoc in Pennsylvania
O'Malley crashes GOP debate
Dog named Trigger shoots owner in the foot in the US
Homicide suspect tries to turn himself in, Santa Clara jail turns him away
Refugees refusing to leave bus in 'too cold' Sweden to be removed
Baby boy born with no brain speaks and says 'mum'
Men can eat their wives if severely hungry, says top Saudi Sheikh's fatwa
McDonald's denounced as 'too ghetto' by unhappy customers in Surrey
Israel razes Palestinian village in Negev for 90th time
Payback order for man who attacked partner with orange
Suicidal people are locked into coffins in 'death experience' schools in South Korea
Parents Concerned after Arrest of Man Singing Justin Bieber Songs in Schools
This new 'sexual consent and tea' video from the police is brilliant
Police: Biscuit lover, angry over price increase, breaks glass at Brookhaven Waffle House
Washington State Driver Ticketed for Using 'Zombie Baby' in Carpool Lane
Assistant Logan County Prosecutor Suspended After Gun Scare Involving Fake Spiders
You Can Now Order Kittens With Uber
China's State Media Goes Psychedelic To Explain 5-Year Plan
7-year-old girl is on life support inside NYU Langone Medical Center after choking on her lunch at school in Brooklyn. Now, the EMT who tried to save her is suspended from his job.
Prostitute died after marathon sex session with three different men
Why America is hated
Stripper reveals the secrets of sex industry: 'He paid me £2k to kick his balls'
Girl born in China seeks change in US Constitution so she can run for president
Judge sentences people to 'Get married or go to jail'
Dane jailed for killing his brother with potatoes
Mexico deploys its navy to face its latest threat: Monster seaweed
The 3-Letter Word That Cuts Women Down Every Day
Hasbro Asks Judge to Dismiss Fox Anchor Harris Faulkner's Suit Over Toy Hamster
Aussie accent a product of drunks, says rhetoric expert
Your job is literally 'killing' you
Dance power: DC cop and teen turn confrontation into dance-off
American Flag Shirt 'Gang Related,' School District Says
Maynard James Keenan Calls Tool Fans "Insufferable People"
Police Officer 'Arrests Lesbian Couple For Kissing In Public'
Isis cell in Turkey had Darth Vader masks for protection from shrapnel
Turkey: Isis militants wore Darth Vader masks during gun fight with police
Canadian scientist thrills the web by live-tweeting spider sex
Mark Zuckerberg vows to stop annoying Facebook game invites
David Cameron 'struggles' to build Lego duck at summit with European leaders
Mark Zuckerberg Wants To Make Candy Crush Invitations Less Annoying
Former police captain who shot and killed a moviegoer for texting believes he has a strong case for "stand your ground."
'Hell No Barbie' campaign warns parents talking doll could be a spy
Michigan Fans Who Met In ESPN.com Comments Section Get Married
Sheriff David Clarke says police brutality and racism have ended
Museum janitors mistake modern art for trash, throw it away
Kendall Jenner Opens Up About Her Struggle With Acne
Infamous 86-Year-Old Jewel Thief Arrested Again in Georgia
David Cameron 'struggles' to build Lego duck at summit with European leaders | Europe | News | The Independent
X Factor dud Wagner apologises for singing pro-IRA lyrics and claims he was duped into YouTube song
Carson Palmer really likes the orange seats at FirstEnergy Stadium
Russian Cult Worships Female Cartoon Character
Scientists find alcoholic comet, that keeps spewing alcohol
Fox News asked a panel of men to decide if women should be allowed to wear leggings
Uber will deliver kittens to your office in honor of National Cat Day
Man arrested for wanting to sing Bieber songs
Salem Witch Takes Warlock To Court, Gets Harassment Protection
Black American Seeks Asylum in Canada Over Police Brutality
C-SPAN Did a Dramatic Close-up on Boehner's Tissue Box During His Farewell Speech
George and Amal Clooney adopt basset hound
LAPD union joins NYPD in call to boycott Quentin Tarantino films
Volvo tests kangaroo collision technology for Aussie cars
Officer Investigated For Arresting Lesbians Who Kissed in a Store
San Jose: Man was sent away by jail while trying to surrender for murder of ex-girlfriend
Witch wins court ruling for a restraining order against a warlock
Star Wars villain Emperor Palpatine is voted onto Ukrainian city council
Elderly woman arrested for making purses out of neighbors cats
Despite outrage, Danish zoo dissects lion for kids
Taylor Swift sues radio host who "groped her bottom"
Linden cop in wrong-way crash may have been drugged by strippers, lawyer says
'Vagina dress' goes viral after man photographs wife in £100 Wayne Cooper outfit 'covered in female genitalia'
All the Little Known Facts About Christmas Story!
Saudi Cleric Issues Fatwa Saying Husband Can Eat His Wife If He's 'Suffering Severe Hunger'
Meet the 'graffiti grannies' of Lisbon
You now have to pay to access Karl Marx's grave
Russell Brand Calls The Queen By Her Family Name And The Media Goes Crazy!
Family Tells Neighbors to Hand Out Veggies, Not Sweets for Halloween
A Student Was Acting Like A Dick In Class So The Teacher Drew A Giant Penis On His Assignment
Sneaky butt-toucher on the loose, police say
'Hell No Barbie' campaign targets Hello Barbie over privacy concerns
Military Deflating Wayward Blimp with Shotgun Blasts
Energy Department smashes pumpkins for causing climate change
Texas Teacher Draws Penis On Student's Class Assignment
Wayward Blimp Deflated with 100 Shotgun Blasts
Cat Shoots Owner With 9mm Handgun
Tila Tequila Dresses 1-Year-Old Daughter As "Baby Hitler"
Murder suspect trying to surrender turned away by California jailer
MSNBC host Melissa Harris-Perry claims the term 'hard worker' is an insult to the experience of slaves
ew Mexico Man Allegedly Kills Friend After Binge-Watching 'Walking Dead'; Believed He Was Turning Into 'Zombie': Police
More KKK Flyers Show Up In Luzerne County
D.C. cop ends up in epic dance-off with teen after breaking up fight
Murder Suspect Sent Away While Trying to Turn Himself In
Man goes to jail, admits to murder, gets turned away.
Witch wins a court ruling against a warlock
New York City EMT suspended without pay for leaving ambulance to aid choking girl
Man's post about traffic stop goes viral
Too many earthquakes: Stilettos banned in Italian school over safety concerns
Postman 'had SEX with dogs while delivering mail - and wanted intercourse with horses'
Chris Christie Flips Out On Debate Question About Fantasy Football
Best Strapless Sweetheart Floor Length Dress From Bridal Market Spring 2014 Long Prom Dresses
The destruction of Alderaan was completely justified
Ole Miss Not Flying the States Confederate Emblazoned Flag is an "Absolute Catastrophe"
Dance-off between police officer and teen breaks up street fight.
British tourists 'run for their lives' at Turkish hotel as staff dress up as ISIS killers and pretend to carry out gun attack
Man beats friend to death after binge-watching 'Walking Dead'
Ben Carson calls on rival campaigns to help him end 'gotcha' debate questions
Travelers Are Taking No-Frills Cruises on Ocean Freighters
Drivers 'too drunk' to consent to BAC tests get evidence thrown out in Georgia
What's Going On At Ole Miss is an "Absolute Catastrophe"
Danish man sentenced to 7 years in prison after killing elder brother by shoving potatoes down his throat
Principal: Dress codes keep girls from becoming 'sex objects' | MLive.com
Florida man who shot theatergoer for texting to invoke 'stand your ground'
Sit? Stand? Nifty new workstation lets you lie down on the job
Student claims grade was docked after suggesting trade school to a minority
Tories in Chester accuse Labour council of using red baubles for political propaganda
Modern art installation removed by cleaners who thought it was party aftermath
Somehow forgotten, Kevin Durant will remind us he's the world's best player - CBSSports.com
Mum shocked to realise her dress covered in vaginas
Seattle Public Library board unanimously rejects name change to 'Seattle Public Libraries'
French Couple Spend Over $300,000 on Plastic Surgery to Look Like Barbie and Ken
Woman accidentally buys dress covered in giant vaginas
Two newlywed Michigan fans fell in love via an ESPN.com comments section
8 Real Suggested Uses for Nukes In Peacetime
Justin Bieber just left the stage after 1 song in Norway, because water got splashed on the stage.
Comment Assistant Prosecutor Suspended For Pulling Gun On Fake Spiders
Prosecutor suspended for pulling gun on fake spiders
Wife Enjoys Last Few Days With Husband Before Release Of Fallout 4
Clinton Super-PAC hits Rubio as 'Mansplainer'
B.C.'s public auto insurer blames 'careless' cyclist for his own death in crash with alleged drunk driver
Ontario High School: Halloween Costume Can't Appropriate Your Own Culture
Justin Bieber leaves stage after one song in Norway
90-year-old woman told to remove blouse and bra during TSA search
Betting Odds Give Trump 20% Chance of Winning
Donald Trump Has Nearly 20% Chance of Winning Primary, Betting Odds Show
Austin Rivers Might Be In Trouble For Hitting A Fan With A Seat Cushion
Parents sue school for ignoring their complaints about their son's allergy to the school's Wi-Fi signal.
Mark Zuckerberg Signed the Wrong Document
Man Drives Car Into Produce Department of Wegmans
Student Accused of Promoting Gang Culture for Wearing American Flag Shirt "He said he was 'dress coded' at school because the stars were gang related"
Cat owners slammed over 'appalling' videos showing the animals' terrified reactions to CUCUMBERS
Police Seek Tips In Case Of Man Touching Butts At Michigan Park
Research shows that plants know they are being eaten
Hooking Up When You're an Anti-Rape Activist
Marwencol: the incredible WWII art project created by a cross-dresser who was beaten up by bigots
New York City EMT suspended without pay for leaving ambulance to aid choking girl (resubmitted)
Michigan State punt block miracle recreated with dead chipmunks
Colin Powell: I will 'continue to be a Republican because it annoys them'
Russian all-female space crew trying out for moon mission are asked about 'men and make-up'
Fort Smith Church Brings 'Star Wars' To Congregation
2 Investigates: Drivers 'too drunk' to consent get evidence thrown out
Largo, FL man attacked by raccoon
Lonely on the road? What about a robotic driving companion?
Homicide Suspect Tries To Turn Himself In But Santa Clara Jail Turns Him Away!
Exclusive: Largo man attacked by raccoon
'Captain Underpants' banned from school book fair over gay character
Obama praises DC cop for 'Nae Nae' dance-off
Tulsa's Veterans Day Parade participant calls Muslim group's involvement 'atrocious' - Religion - TulsaWorld
ersity: Aussie accent is result of generations of heavy drinking
Canada electing Trudeau caused the whale-watching tragedy, US evangelist claims
National Guard to Shoot at Crashed Blimp to Help it Deflate
'Emperor Palpatine' wins Ukraine city council election
I'm Always The Wallflower at the Orgy
Mustang driver says he's lucky his car ended up on a rooftop
All-female Russian crew starts moon mission test, gets asked about make-up and men
To locate objects, brain relies on memory
A proven way to reduce poverty? Give poor people money
AMC orders reality show about The Walking Dead's Norman Reedus riding motorcycles
Salem witch gets protective order against warlock. A self-proclaimed witch priestess got an order of protection against a man who calls himself the world's best known warlock after she accused him of harassment.
Nobody in western Sydney would find 'Negro' offensive
Gay romance novelist accused of plagiarizing straight romance novelist
Haunted house's monster unmasked as child sex offender
"Nobody in western Sydney would find 'Negro' offensive" Says former labour leader Mark Latham.
Cyclist to blame for his own death near Whistler in May: British Columbia insurance authorities
Ben Carson discusses that time he tried to murder his friend
Trump On Shutting Down Mosques: Yeah Sure Whatever
Man shot at candlelight vigil for homicide victim
Police Arrest Man Who Tried Singing Bieber Songs over School Intercom
U.S. man fighting ISIS in Syria: It's not 'Call of Duty'
All-Female Flight Test Crew Asked How They Will Cope Without Make-Up Or Men In Space
Justin Bieber leaves show in Norway after finding water on the stage.
Dolphins suspected in whale attack
German rapper who joined ISIS killed in U.S. strike, official says
Georgia drivers claim they were too drunk to consent to DUI tests
Referees taken hostage by football club, released after Erdoğan's call
Poor white boys get a 'worse start in life' says equality report
AKP mayor apologizes for misprint of 'we steal for the future' printed on bags distributed to students
Australian Government Draws The Line At Paying People Smugglers Penalty Rates.
Sexy & I know it: Saudi actor arrested for being too popular with women in Riyadh shopping mall
Putin uses dog to intimidate Merkel
Justin Bieber-singing man causes lockdown at West Virginia school and daycare after belting tunes to children
Audit: NY enrolled dead in Medicaid, offered health coverage
US Defense Secretary: No Cooperation With Russians Possible as Long as They Target Al-Qaeda
A 90-year-old woman says she was forced to unbutton her blouse and take off her bra in front of a TSA agent after setting off alarms as she traveled through security at Portland International Airport.
Female scientists asked how they will cope without men or makeup in space
Facebook Workers Ditch iPhones in Push for World Conquest
Man kills friend for turning into a zombie after binge-watching 'The Walking Dead'
Oregon girl, 16, diagnosed with bubonic plague
Turkey president intervenes after football boss takes referees hostage
EMT suspended for trying to save choking girl
'Jesus' chants, jeers greet Satanists during Bremerton football game
Republicans outraged over NASA earth science programs... that Reagan began
Girl Tears Apart Her Rectum Trying to Make Her Sneeze Sound Cute
A Hashtag Pleading For Forgiveness Failed To Save This Man's Life
Man Charged After Entering School Pretending To Be Justin Bieber And Demanding To Sing On The Intercom
Yamaha's first ever cars
Oregon girl, 16, diagnosed with bubonic plague after hunting trip
No trick, no treat: North Dakota and Minnesota sex offenders told to avoid Halloween festivities
Condom shares fall in China after plan to end one-child policy
Alabama Teacher of the Year told she's unqualified, resigns
Ryerson's two-tier toilet paper system exposed
Archdiocese of St. Louis warns of exorcism dangers before TV show
There's An Oculus Rift 9/11 Simulator For Everyone Who Wants To Relive September 11th
Man meets his doppelgänger on flight
Under Pressure After Debate, Bush Insists He's Not Dead Yet
Fitness instructor writes moving essay after being body-shamed in letter
Study: Your cat might actually want to kill you
Pope Francis Drops New Track From His Rock Album
Braiding Hair Risks Heavy Fines, Even Jail Time, In Iowa
'Distraught' Bush Donor: Rubio Is A 'F**king Jedi Master'
Runaway Jack O' Lantern terrorizes Arizona streets
Passenger seated on plane next to stranger who looks exactly like him
Murder victim's mother injured when St. Louis officer fires gunshot at her dog
Website The Oatmeal trolls HuffPo over cartoons published without permission
Listen: Boomer Was Told The Jets Asked NFL To Sweep Pats' Locker Room For Bugs
Condom shares fall after China abandons one-child policy
Charged with stealing, ex-deputy says he can't remember anything from the past 14 years
Giant, inflatable pumpkin rolls through Arizona streets
Marchers wear yokes, chains as sign of apology for slavery
Swedish bartender looks exactly like a young Leonardo DiCaprio
As Heroin Use by Whites Soars, Parents Urge Gentler Drug War
Prosecutor suspended for threatening to shoot office spider decorations
cheap jordans free shipping
Toronto tenants association moves out in face of rent increases
New York EMT Suspended Without Pay After Helping Choking Child
Pope Francis Drops Second Single Off New Album
Radio host trumps Donald by trademarking 'Make America Great Again' - and sells it back for $100K
The Donald gets trumped in business deal! Radio host trademarks 'Make America Great Again' and billionaire presidential candidate is forced to pay him $100,000 to own it
Man finds his doppelganger sitting in his seat on a flight
Qatari FM says he wants to export democracy into Syria
The Republicans are right. We in the media do suck.
10 Year Old Girl Wants To Change Constitution So She Can Run For President
Salvation Army introduces guilt-free Season Pass Pin
Canadian University Hosts Student Run Orgy
Watch Spike Lee's New Movie of NBA Video-Game Cut Scenes
Bruce Rauner Buys Rahm Emanuel a Dead Fish As Budget Battle Flounders
TENNESSEE WOMAN ARRESTED FOR MAKING COUNTERFEIT MONEY, SAID OBAMA MADE IT LEGAL TO PRINT FAKE BILLS!
Australian politician says use of the word 'Canadian' as derogatory term will no longer be tolerated
Judge tells 18-year-old offender he 'would probably be raped every day' in prison
Vicious, Feral House Republicans Run Loose Across D.C. Following Resignation of Caretaker
IKEA Christmas Goat self-destructs and is reduced to ashes in a matter of seconds
Virtual Reality Experience Simulates 9/11 From Inside Twin Towers
Jaden Smith: 'Being Born Was the Most Influential Thing That's Ever Happened to Me'
Man binge watching 'The Walking Dead' kills friend he thought was turning into a zombie
Texas teacher drew a penis on student's class assignment
Victim lands on 5 Freeway sign after Glendale crash
TCU quarterback jukes four defenders in amazing play, gets a high-five from opposing coach
12-year-old charged with felony in school shooting plot
Barricaded gunman falls asleep mid negotiation talks
Man binge watching 'The Walking Dead' kills friend he thought was a zombie
Former U.S. soldier says battling ISIS is not like "Call of Duty"
Mysterious "Glory Hole Driller" keeps small town on edge
The extraordinary death of an Australian fisherman snatched from his boat by a leaping crocodile
N. Korea spurring 'online' education at its universities
Dead Woman Shipped From Russia to Israel in Cardboard Box
Police to be granted powers to view your internet history
Hunstville man calls drunk driving charges 'bogus' - drinks a beer outside court
Halloween: Avon and Somerset Police received dozens of calls reporting witches, wizards, zombies, werewolves and goblins
Rapper Turned ISIS Soldier Who Once Toured With DMX Killed By US Airstrike
Faecal attraction: toilet-themed Russian restaurant appeals to novelty diners
U. Of Louisville President Hosts Mexican-Themed Halloween Luncheon In University Mansion
Black Man Arrested For Setting Fires To Six Black Churches In St. Louis
Standoff in Boulder, Colo.: Prairie dogs hold Buddhist college at bay
Alabama Teacher Of The Year Resigns After State Calls Her Unqualified
Trick-or-Treating Can Make Kids Selfish and Entitled
Parking fraudster filmed getting ticket outside court
Michigan Fans Find Love in ESPN Comment Section
RNC suspends partnership with NBC in fallout over chaotic CNBC debate
Dallas Stars troll own fans by playing Nickelback for an entire period
Suspect attacked girlfriend for returning home from store with one beer
Pierre Garcon is suing FanDuel because they use his name and likeness
Ben Carson: "It is important to remember that amateurs built the Ark and it was the professionals that built the Titanic." Highly recommend reading comments on the post.
Judge tells 18-year-old he 'would probably be raped every day' in prison
Chile flushes out decades-long conspiracy to fix the price of toilet paper
Welsh Porn Film Banned For 'Falsely Portraying Plumber Turning Up When He Said He Would'
Pierre Garçon files class action against FanDuel
Ben Carson: "It is important to remember that amateurs built the Ark and it was the professionals that built the Titanic."
CNBC Staffers 'Shell Shocked' and 'Embarrassed' by Debate Debacle
A black man who was wearing a hoodie and carrying a gun when he was stopped by police has praised the way he was treated with mutual respect by cops.
Chile seizes erotic version of Little Red Riding Hood
Ewing man arrested for impersonating cop while on probation for impersonating a cop
Giant Runaway Inflatable Pumpkin Terrorizes Arizona Drivers
Hillary Clinton had an intense discussion about how to use emojis on her BlackBerry
Hillary Clinton emails reveal she needed help on emojis
Drunk guy jailed for killing his brother by force feeding him potatoes
McClatchy Teacher in Halloween Costume Suspended after Allegedly Wrestling Student in Classroom
Cách chọn mua nhà tại khu vực quận Long Biên - Hà Nội
Obama Now Officially Forcing Girls to Share Showers With Boys
Man arrested for poorly timed dad joke
Pastor Makes Congregants Suck His Privates In Church, Says It Has Holy Milk Which Will Heal Members
1960s dog brain transplant was not followed by human studies
Nightclub replaces DJ's with free Wi-Fi.
Man calls impaired charges 'bogus,' drinks beer during Huntsville court break
Driver ejected after car rolls over, lands on highway sign in Los Angeles
Alleged car thief tells Canberra court dobbing him in was 'un-Australian'
Police: W. Va. Attorney Pulls Gun, Threatens To Shoot Fake Spiders
Giant pumpkin attacks Arizona town
AN INTERVIEW WITH THE ONLY PERSON EVER TO NAIL THE "SMOKE WEED EVERY DAY" LINE FROM THAT DR. DRE SONG
Tests on swimmer reveal listening to Eminem and Swedish House Mafia boosts performance
Naked woman covered in ketchup arrested for inciting a riot in Miami Beach
Julie Bishop wants to co-chair Green Climate Fund derided by Tony Abbott
Storm gusts blow giant, inflatable pumpkin through Peoria
Clinton Throws Out Black Lives Matter Activists During Speech On Race
Billionaire Clive Palmer's sex-crazed deer are terrorising Merrimac residents and jumping in front of cars picking up school children.
African-American man charged with arson after St. Louis black church fires
Sharing husband could boost family health and wealth!
Los Angeles city council outlaws 'silly string' for one night yearly.
High School student, 17, suspended for the length of her skirt
Guy gets ticket for illegal parking while in court for illegal parking.
Black magic spells for lost love back All | FreeAds.lk - Sri Lanka Classifieds
I'm A Long Beach Crime Victim...Again
Man wanted by police over £20,000 biscuit theft
Man Wanted Over £20,000 Jammie Dodgers Theft
Sub Categories: » HOMEPAGE / TURKEY/ CRIMESaturday,October 31 2015, Your time is 10:56:29 Darth Vader masks found in ISIL cells in southeast Turkey
In Odessa, Ukraine statue of Lenin was remade into a statue of Darth Vader
In Odessa, Ukraine a statue of Lenin was converted into a statue of Darth Vader
Russian OSCE monitor in Ukraine fired after 'drunkenly saying he was a Moscow spy'
Doctor 'parked car using dead mum's disabled badge while in court for same offence'
Man has 'face ripped off' after being struck by falling sofa from luxury London block
Ariana Grande Dons Cow Halloween Costume, Sniffs at Hunks
Man wanted by police over £20000 biscuit theft.
Jeb's Last Hope: Reclaim The Sword Of Chang!
WHO report says processed meat causes cancer, confusion follows
Donald Trump spent nearly $1 million to get voters to wear this hat
Australia looks to Kyrgyzstan in struggle to resettle refugees
Government reportedly considering sending refugees to Kyrgyzstan
Official suspended over Mugabe's 'wrong-sized cap'
Bill Gates: The private sector is completely inept
Dancing to Gangnam Style could increase your pain threshold
Pedestrian seriously injured by sofa falling 130ft from luxury London hotel
Hunt For Suspect Biscuit Thief After £20,000 Of Treats Stolen From Jammie Dodgers Factory
Parents criticise US Common Core maths after third grade pupil told solution for 5+5+5=15 is incorrect | News | Student | The Independent
Emoticons And Monkey-Butts: The Latest From Hillary Clinton's Emails
A man who illegally parked in a disabled space outside a court while he was inside admitting illegally parking in disabled spaces has been fined.
If you fly between Chicago and L.A. you might be a drug dealer, according to the DEA
Student drinks just tea for a week, leaving her feeling 'queasy'
Giant Inflatable Pumpkin Bounces Through Town To Ruin Halloween
Indian air force on high alert after repeated sightings of 'UFOs' at Delhi airport
Feeling of powerlessness is infuriating, terrifying
Russian Female Space Crew Preparing For Moon Mission Asked About 'Men And Make-Up'
San Francisco neighbor says don't call thieves 'criminals'
Howard Richmond testifies he was acting out sex role-playing game the night he killed his wife
Medical Examiners Release Body in River
Fight over fried chicken turns fatal in West Houston
Fight over fried chicken turns fatal in W. Houston
Prosecutor suspended after pulling gun on fake spiders
Family Dresses 8-Month Girl Old As Kim Jong-un & Dennis Rodman for Halloween
YIFY/ YTS Shuts Down Forever - The End of a Piracy Icon
Schoolgirl, 12, who suffered years of bullying over her size is left in tears after being given the part of Augustus Gloop in school production of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
North Carolina (U.S.) Church Caught Practicing Christianity - Neighbors Complain
You might want to read Snapchat's updated privacy policy before downloading its new app
The biotech unicorn, Theranos, is really worth more like $12.55 Billion
Homeless Dog Found a Newborn Baby in Trash, and What He did was Unbelievable!
Most white Americans think black face is OK at Halloween
Nutella feud led to shopper punching 78-year-old man, officials say
Trick-or-treaters accidentally given bipolar meds at Quebec store
Iran Hosts U.S. Activists at Conference on Police Brutality
Bernie Sanders Doesn't Kiss Babies. That a Problem?
In Iowa, a humbled Jeb Bush pledges to be a better candidate
An American woman is humbled by the realization that other people across the world from her have their own thoughts, dreams.
New York artist founds his own nation, runs it for a decade
Murder victim's body mistaken for Halloween decoration
Thief leaves trail of candy wrappers to residence after string of burglaries, Authorities follow trail and arrest thief.
Paul Morris coming into work.
Janitors Mistakenly Throw Out Champagne Bottle Art Installation
Soldier's Suicide Bomber Costume Sparks Fort Bragg Security Response
Prosecutor Who Took on Student with NRA Shirt Gets Suspended for Allegedly Pulling Gun on fake spiders in office.
First-time buyers opt for 40-year mortgages to get on property ladder
Woman steals police car, crashes into another police cruiser
cheap jordans ...."Dream Wings was injured
Billionaire Acquires Rubio Pending Physical - The New Yorker
Samsung unveils supersized 18.4-inch Galaxy View tablet so big it has a carrying handle built in
Soldier in suicide bomber costume causes emergency response on Fort Bragg
Young small town cop jokes about who will be his first kill on Facebook
Halloween polar bear patrol out in full force in Churchill - Canada
mi mama me dio tremenda golpiza (fake) jajaja tio
Wind knocks eight wind power towers in Santana do Livramento
A naked woman spotted on a roof in east London is confusing people
Confirmed: Gays Are Lacing Halloween Candies with Homosexual-Inducing Drugs
Valley People (Oct 14, 2015)
Sonic Boom Episode 49 Role Models HD
Fox News Anchor Sues Hasbro Over Toy Hamster That Shares Her Name: The lawsuit contends that the toy rodent has "caused substantial commercial and emotional damage" to anchor Harris Faulkner.
YTS Shut Down: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
Fight over fried chicken turns deadly in West Houston
Prosecutor Who Went After Student For NRA Shirt Pulls Gun Over Fake Spiders
'Breaking Bad' Fans Still Tossing Pizzas On Walter White's Roof
Mother left horrified after squeezing sea snail from growth on son's knee
Comet which looks like a skull to fly past Earth on Halloween
Sci-fi man creates costumes for her dog including a Star Wars Stormtrooper and Iron Man
Animusic HD - Resonant Chamber (1080p).mp4
Report: Nearly 1 in 5 Americans say they have seen a ghost
Black Man Arrested for Black Church Fires
Iranian Scientist/Inventor Claims To have Created A Time Machine
Paul Ryan Isn't Sure How To Get The Cigarette Smell Out Of The Speaker's Office
Man injured after being attacked with a fish
Curling Injury Much More Gruesome Than You Would Expect Curling Injury To Be
Kenny G Plans To Hold One Note On The Sax For An Entire Flight
Soldier's suicide bomber costume causes Fort Bragg to close gate Friday
Chinese Police bureau states that being ugly is the safest way to avoid being raped.
Café Mocha Is Apparently Now The Flavor Of Winter And Christmas, Thanks To M&Ms
The UN's Weirdest Crimes: 380 Pounds of Weed, Watched & Shared Child Porn and Tried To Bring A Chainsaw Onto A Plane
Woman Picked Up by Hearing-impaired Driver Broke Ankle Jumping from the Moving Car when Driver Failed to Answer Her
Man stabbed to death in fight over chicken
Fox News Anchor's Suit Over Toy Hamster Likeness Results In Hilarious Point-By-Point Hasbro Rebuttal
Texas Case Mulls if Home-school Kids Have to Learn Something Parents are accused of not teaching their children, because they were waiting to be "raptured"
There Is Now a Dating App for Bacon Lovers
Woman picked up by deaf San Francisco Lyft driver jumps from car fearing kidnapping
TMZ Sports show to debut on FS1 on November 9
Longboardstroller. A new and cool way to put your child in danger.
Report: UN Staff Transported 380 Pounds of Weed, Watched and Shared Child Porn, and Tried to Bring a Chainsaw onto a Plane
Golfer in last place hits Happy Gilmore shot off the first tee
Male rape now a crime in China
Shocking News About AnaI S3x
Rihanna honours late grandmother tattoo Goddes
Man runs in New York City Marathon dressed as Tom Brady juggling deflated footballs
Ryan Reynolds Wins Halloween: Deadpool And X-Men Halloween Message
UN Staff Transported 380 Pounds of Weed, Watched and Shared Child Porn, and Tried to Bring a Chainsaw onto a Plane
RAPE TRUMP .with directions
Ronaldo shows support for world's fattest man
Florida Man Kills Imaginary Friend, Turns Self In, Takes World's Saddest Mug Shot
Intoxicated woman breaks into zoo, gets bitten by tiger. (X-post from r/Omaha)
Intruder Breaks Into Home; Shot By Entire Family
Zoo Trespasser Bitten By Tiger
Tory MP reveals he smoked marijuana and watched online porn
Prosecutor Suspended After Threatening to Shoot at Halloween Decorations
Britain's oldest tree appears to be undergoing a sex change after 3,000 years
Pet cats share neurotic tendencies with zoo lions, say researchers
Rap video a win for Libertarian Loser
Volvo is testing kangaroo avoidance technology for Australian drivers
Ottawa man told to take down Halloween car crash display because it was too realistic
Tiger Woods' Former Caddy Says Working For Him Was Like Being His "Slave"
Woman sneaks into zoo, gets bit by tiger. Then becomes drunk and beligerant with medical staff.
Drunk Woman breaks into Tiger enclosure. http://www.1011now.com/home/headlines/Police-Woman-Hurt-After-Breaking-into-Zoo-to-Touch-Tiger-339169872.html?device=phone&c=y
Pizza parlor robbed on Halloween by man in costume
People are hiding cash in their microwaves as Sweden gets closer to being the first cashless society with negative interest rates
Merseyside Police apologise over Twitter 'rape joke'
Kim Kardashian Dressed Up as Herself for Halloween
Cheap Short Strapless Sweetheart Dress on sale
Fact checkers confirm Ben Carson hasn't made one true statement since his campaign began
Rauner to Send Dead Fish to Emanuel: 'I Think He'll Deeply Appreciate That'
Give away candy, get beat up
Paul Ryan's first challenge as House speaker: Getting the smell of smoke left by Boehner out of the speaker's office
Your cat may want to kill you, study says
Palestinian dresses up as Hasidic Jew to avoid harassment
Polyurethane Foam Fails: Woman Lands in Hospital After Mixing Up Hair Mousse
Paul Ryan Asked To Name One Thing He Can Accomplish In The Next 6 Months, Can't Come Up With Answer
Woman in hospital after confusing builder's foam with hair mousse.
Woman attacks, injures boyfriend with fish
Online petition calls for Harper to be renamed after airport
Woman breaks ankle by jumping out of moving car after thinking her deaf Lyft driver was kidnapping her.
Police want to speak to Liverpool man over theft of £20,000 of biscuits
Texas Case Mulls if Home-school Kids Have to Learn Something
Volvo's cars will soon be able to detect and avoid crafty kangaroos
Nutella feud led to shopper punching 78-year-old man
Woman sneaks into Henry Doorly Zoo, is bitten by tiger
Man saves pennies for 45 years, finally cashes them in
Sugar babies: Students sell sex to pay rising tuition
Woman bitten by tiger after apparently sneaking into zoo and trying to pet the animal
Canadian Pharmacy accidentally hands out bipolar/schizophrenia drugs to kids instead of candy
Trans woman repeatedly comes out to her mum with dementia, and she always has lovely reply
'Fighting Isis in Syria is no Call of Duty video game', says US soldier
White Nationalists Gather On Halloween To Discuss How Oppressed They Are
Pharmacy accidentally mixes schizophrenia drugs in the Halloween candy basket, doesn't know which kids got them, police insist it's no biggie...
Woman Trapped inside Subway Fridge, Writes 'Help' in Ketchup
Storm as Merseyside Police Twitter account 'joins in rape jokes'
Sesame Street introduces autistic character, Julia, in bid to reduce stigma, encourage empathy.
County GOP ad touts Christian heritage
PETA Urges Ben & Jerry's To Use Human Milk
Leg buried in cemetery belongs to living Massachusetts man
News reporters stunned to learn interview subject is stuck in a tree
How to get Samsung Galaxy S7 Apps and Game collection 2015 | Features Review - YouTube
Los Angeles ends arrests of minors trafficked into sex trade
A soldier wearing a suicide bomber costume for Halloween, spurred an emergency response at Fort Bragg, North Carolina.
U.S. Spent $43 Million on Afghanistan Gas Station: Watchdog Report
NFL Quarterback Colin Kapernick for sale on Amazon after missing open receiver.
Rhino Begins Ohio Asia Trip to Ancestral Home
The Military-Industrial Complex's Latest Best Friend - Barack Obama
People are drinking blended Frog Juice to satisfy their lovers in bed
Chewbacca arrested for campaigning for Darth Vader
Sumatran Rhino begins US-Asia trip to ancestral home
Pete Rose Is Leaving The World Series To Go Sign Autographs In Las Vegas
Phantom City: Thousands Spot Towers Floating in the Clouds
Ryerson denounced for toilet paper system that provides students with one-ply, administrators with two-ply
Saudi Prince Sues Forbes Alleging He's Richer Than Magazine Says He Is: Report
Woman trapped in Subway freezer for eight hours writes 'help me' in tomato sauce
Israeli Minister Urges Population Transfer For Cats
Swiss football fan 'lost' in Milan for ten years
Google tests Who's Down, an app for broadcasting your total alienation
Minister urges population transfer: For stray cats
Basel soccer fan 'lost' on Milan streets for decade
Police called after men dressed as traffic cones block road
Omaha Woman Bitten by Tiger After Breaking Into Zoo
Labour is in the shit, says Tristam Hunt (UK)
Police: Bank robber who didn't wear a mask tells teller not to do anything stupid
Cosmopolitan writer loses weight on 'pizza cleanse'
Stolen Jesus statue is returned with a fresh coat of paint
Smart Casket Design Keeps Corpses Connected to Social Media
Man hunt after £20,000 theft of Jammie Dodgers
Sexual misconduct from hundreds of police officers
Ryanair credits 'being pleasant to customers' for profits rise
Refugees to stay in Ikea flat-pack homes in Switzerland
Lesbian Couple Files Lawsuit After Hawaii Cop Arrested Them For Kissing
Kale, broccoli and cabbage replace traditional flowers as brides opt for vegetable wedding bouquets
Officer Accused of Arresting Lesbians Kissing in Store
The richest capitalist in the world says only socialism can save us
Arguing that spaying and neutering violates Jewish law, Israel's agriculture minister proposes a crime against humanity - against cats.
We've created a world of touchy fools
Stonehenge Builders Hosted Barbecues
Galicia celebrates 'clitoris festival' thanks to Google Translate error
Allegedly intoxicated woman gets bitten after sneaking into Omaha zoo to 'pet a tiger'
HSBC profit rises by being fined less
Man attacked by girlfriend with fish he was trying to sketch
Man eats toilet paper in attempt to avoid OWI
Coworker Who Went To Gym This Morning A Chipper Little Fucker
Americans Spend More on Stuff They Don't Need
Notre Dame tutor accused of pressuring students - including athletes - into having sex with her daughter
Couple use fishing rod to smuggle McMuffin into prison
Exposé lifts lid on toilet paper inequality at Toronto university
Police: Woman who wanted to pet tiger is bitten at Omaha Zoo
Oklahoma mayor shrugs off husband's staged KKK rally as just a Halloween 'prank gone bad'
Opening of all-decaf coffee shop in Manhattan met with horror, outrage
oldest tree in Britain is undergoing a sex change
Woman suffers severe hand injury after breaking into zoo, trying to pet tiger
Oklahoma mayor apologizes after husband dresses up in KKK costume
Singapore church leaders convicted of fraud in $23m project to turn pastor's wife into pop star
Nearly all children under 4 have used mobile devices, U.S. study suggests
Fury over 'tasteless' homeless-themed, star-studded Bronx party - complete with bullet-ridden cars - organized to gain support for $58million waterfront condos.
Tom Jones seeking DNA test to determine if he's black
Oklahoma Mayor shruggs off Husband's KKK rally "prank" on Halloween.
Police to Take Valuables from Unlocked Cars to Send Message
Real estate developers' celeb-studded party at South Bronx warehouse features burned-out car with bullet holes, trash fires.
Notre Dame fires academic coach accused of sexual coercion
Wormwood Scrubs prison smuggling: McDonalds McMuffin, Kinder Surprise and vodka hoisted over wall
FBI knew Jared Fogle was a pedophile - and let him continue molesting children for years anyway
Cops to grab unlocked stuff from cars in area - for safekeeping
Woman bitten after sneaking into Omaha zoo to 'pet a tiger'
Abused Alcoholic Monkey in Chile Beats Addiction
Husband of Oklahoma mayor reportedly involved in "Halloween prank" with KKK robes
Man prostituted pet dog in exchange for sex with miniature horses, goats and other farm animals
Home schooling, rapture figure into Texas Supreme Court case
BNP Sued Over $650 Million `Wet Ink' Error in Al-Sanea Deal
Canadians start petition to rename their outgoing prime minister Stephen Harper 'Calgary International Airport'
You probably have herpes, but that's really okay
Tom Jones is getting a DNA test to find out if he's black
Whitehall man attacked by girlfriend with fish
Tiger bites woman in painful Halloween zoo trespass
Woman breaks into zoo to 'pet' tiger, gets bitten instead
Linus Torvalds fires off angry 'compiler-masturbation' rant
Conservative Texas court to decide if homeschoolers can wait for the Rapture instead of teaching their kids
Pirates fan busts man raping his goat on victory night
Paul Ryan figuring out how to get the stench of cigarettes out of Boehner's office - including 'ozone machines'
In Heroin Crisis, White Families Seek Gentler War on Drugs
U.S. House speaker in a fog over cigarette stench in new office.
Comcast Tries, Fails to Mock Google Fiber
Animal rights group wants Dez Bryant to release pet monkey to sanctuary
Okla. Mayor Apologizes After Husband, Friends Dress Up as KKK, Carry Burning Torches
'Ginger extremist' found guilty of plotting terror attack on Royal Family
"Holy Spirit" aids in finding stolen vehicle.
Missing Family of 5 From Md. Moved to N.C.: Police
Cops break into cars to stop car break-ins
SC to examine if Sardar jokes should be banned online
UK's oldest tree is undergoing sex change, botanists say
Police: Store accidentally gives trick-or-treaters bipolar medication
Rand Paul to young people: Treat free college like somebody's offering you heroin
Cruz: Let 'real journalists' Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh host GOP debates
Fairfield Police Investigate Theft Of 400-Pound Ceramic Cow
Man goes on the lam during trial before learning days later that he was acquitted
Oklahoma mayor apologizes after husband dresses up in KKK costume for Halloween
FIGHT OVER LAST PIECE OF CHICKEN ENDS IN FATAL STABBING AT HOUSTON APARTMENT
Tom Jones is getting a DNA test to find out if he is black
Woman trapped in Subway fridge for 8 hours wrote 'help me' in tomato sauce
New G.O.P. Debate Format Forbids Questions About Things Candidates Said, Did
'Teacher of the Year' quits when told she's unqualified
Eastern Canadian King of Donair company suing Western Canadian Donair King company over donair crown.
PETA wants Cowboys receiver Des Bryant to release pet monkey to sanctuary
Harper should change his name to 'Calgary International Airport,' petition quips
In Ad for Monty Python, Mick Jagger Wonders Why 'Wrinkly Old Men' Are Reuniting 'The best one died years ago!'
UK Government invests £60m in Skylon plane that can fly from London to Sydney in 4 hours
CHRIST ALMIGHTY: US Catholic Church launches app for Jesus-phone
Far-Right Extremists Blamed After Syrians Beaten in Germany
Is Tom Jones black? He's getting a DNA test to find out
Two seals are keeping their long-distance love alive with the help of FaceTime.
Nation ignoring dangers of chemtrails
Customer assaults Burger King manager with chicken nuggets
'Duck maniac' leaves decapitated rubber ducks in Cambridge student's room
Police to Take Valuables from Unlocked Cars to Stop Break-Ins
Valley Residents Hold Vigil for Fallen Palm Trees
SEE IT: Chewbacca beaten by cops outside of Ukraine election after he drove mayoral candidate Darth Vader to polls
Australia's obsession with border protection has reached peak farce with the Kyrgyzstan plan
Tom Jones wants DNA test to find if he has black ancestry
Man killed for taking last piece of chicken at dinner
FDA Says Chinese Pfizer Plant Hid Failures, Used Old Ingredients
Google's Self-Driving Cars Will Know Not to Run Over Children
Google Street View captures woman weeing against wall while smoking cigarette
"Fox & Friends" tries to teach the bigots in your life "how to seem tolerant" on Facebook
Italian priest exorcizes entire town in a helicopter
Is Your Cat Trying to Kill You?
Tom Jones Will Take DNA Test to Find Out if He's Black
EZDoctor and April Partner to Offer Virtual Doctor Visits to International Travelers
Government mulls letting students use travel points to repay loans
Tom Jones to get his DNA tested for black ancestry because 'a lot of black people still tell me I'm just passing as white'
Drunk woman sneaks into zoo, gets bitten by tiger she tried to pet.
Tom Jones to DNA test for black ancestry
Town in Spain celebrates "clitoris festival" thanks to google translate error
Drunk Woman Allegedly Sneaks Into Zoo, Bitten by Tiger
Mich. Senate panel OKs concealed weapons in schools
Banned 'Throw Your Phone' Game Knows if You're Cheating - "To determine the height to which you've flung your phone, the game detects the time that the phone is in zero gravity."
Clio Superintendent: Why we need guns in MI schools
Farmer Killed In Bizarre Incident Involving Bull, Wrecked Vehicle and Law Enforcement Gunfire
Skydiver Dangles At 10,000 Feet When Jumpsuit Gets Stuck To Plane
Skydiver Gets Stuck On A Plane And Has To Cut Himself Free
'Destiny' Players Throwing Money At Screens For Emote Microtransactions
Child's Pablo Escobar Halloween costume deemed 'inappropriate' by social media users
Half-naked man tackles mountain lion to save his dog
Topless model blew £14k student loan on boob job and Botox after pretending she wanted to study
Sonny Bill Williams's thoughtless act of generosity has ruined sport for ever.
Tristram Hunt tells Oxbridge students that 'the top 1 per cent' must take leadership in Labour again
Microsoft Admits Windows 10 Automatic Spying Cannot Be Stopped
Guy Dressed as Wizard Launches Dildo Rocket into Friend's Butt
Man abandons granddaughter in desert with loaded gun
Sumte: German village with 100 residents and 'zero infrastructure' told to take in 750 refugees
Masked Robbers Steal Man's Salad at Gunpoint
Scott Walker Signs Bill Ending John Doe Political Investigations - Walker has been involved in two of these probes.
Openly Gay Mayor Jim Gray Denies Being Involved With KKK, Calls Accusations "Ridiculous"
See Giant Inflatable Jack-O'-Lantern on the Loose
Female Coach at Notre Dame pimps her daughter
Internet meme ruined my career
This Woman's Engagement Ring Is Her Fiancé's Wisdom Tooth
The 'tablet' for your wrist has arrived
Charity bake sale sabotaged by smutty prankster with sex toy
Man stabbed to death for taking last piece of chicken, police say
Quebec pharmacy accidentally hands out bipolar meds to trick-or-treaters
Family performed lamb sacrifice for man before he was ejected onto Calif. freeway sign
Omaha Zoo's Three-Legged Tiger Bites Woman Who Tried to Pet It
A howler? Israeli minister proposes deporting strays
Fishing rod used to smuggle McDonald's over prison wall
Fishing line used to smuggle McDonald's into prison
It's official: Amazon is opening its first-ever bookstore in Seattle
Poets jailed and sentenced to 99 lashes apiece for shaking hands with members of the opposite sex
Iranian poets jailed and sentenced to 99 lashes apiece for shaking hands with members of the opposite sex
DNR seizes 1.5 tons of snapping turtle meat from Minn. market; 3 people charged
U.S. spends $43 million to build gas station
Amazon opens a brick and mortar bookstore in Seattle
King: More and more African-Americans wondering if they'd be safer if they left the U.S.
Husband of Oklahoma Mayor 'Meant no Harm' With KKK Costume
Tin Man assaulted by Scarecrow on Halloween, police allege. Victim 'didn't have the heart' to press charges, police say
Man dressed as Tin Man assaulted by man dressed as Scarecrow: police
Anonymous hack group plans to out anonymous hate group
This Baby Born Without A Brain Learned How To Do Something Amazing
Florida man robs bank with a spatula
Israel Minister Proposes Street Cats Leave the Country
Lamb sacrifice performed for man 5 days before he was ejected onto freeway sign
A Washington couple took a paternity test for their child. The man wasn't the father. His unborn twin was
School teacher 'draws huge penis on child's work for not trying hard enough'
Seen a Spy? With New Hotline, China Invites You to Call It In
Two Floridians get free marijuana for life -- from the feds
Swedish penis pastries sell like hot cakes - The Local
Nation Stops To Watch Grown Men Violently Beat Horses
49ers Fans Put Colin Kaepernick Up For Sale On Amazon
Amazon opens its first real books store
Yale study finds state youth e-cig bans lead to increased traditional cigarette smoking
"Jesus" Judo Kicks Man Who Spit on Him at Abortion Protest
Kobe Bryant on his play so far: "I freaking suck"
The family said just five days before the accident they sacrificed a lamb to protect Pananian from harm.
Israeli minister weighs population transfer - of kittens
Child pretends to shoot student with imaginary bow and arrow, suspended for 3 days
Small California Police Department to Use Nunchucks
Man returns home to find his house has vanished
Amazon set to open its first brick-and-mortar bookstore
Missouri Court Says It's Okay to Call a Gay Employee 'Cocksucker' and Ask If He Has AIDS
Taylor Swift sued for $59 million for allegedly copying lyrics to hit song Shake It Off (x-post from r/music)
Fight Over Last Piece Of Chicken Ends In Fatal Stabbing
Israel howling over proposal to deport street cats
Rap video recorded inside Georgia jail prompts investigation
Entitled Millennial Offended About Being Called Entitled Millennial
Rachel Dolezal Gets Standing Ovation For Admitting She's White
Halloween party ends in exorcism for 12 students
Notre Dame fires tutor after she reportedly forced athletes to have sex with daughter
Amazon to open its first-ever physical book store in Seattle
Woman who allegedly sneaked into zoo, was bitten while petting tiger has 3 DUI convictions
Australia Instagram star Essena O'Neill quits 'unhealthy' social media
Shoot any bad guys, grandfather tells girl, five - leaving her in desert with gun
Venomous viper killed - by 17-month-old toddler in Brazil
Family of California man killed in freeway accident had performed lamb sacrifice 'to protect him from harm and evil'
Tom Jones seeking DNA test to establish racial background: 'A lot of people think I'm black'
Amazon to sell books the old-fashioned way with first physical book shop
NICKELODEON PUSHING INTERRACIAL CUCKOLD FETISH ONTO CHILDREN?
Drone Company Misled Military into Buying UAVs that Were Basically Toys: Lawsuit
Czech charity helps homeless by turning them into WiFi hotspots
Man dressed as Tin Man injured in fight with Scarecrow, Cowardly Lion
Greenwich personality discovers man 'laying a turd' in his garden, sparking concern over lack of public loos
Man accused of setting off explosive to protest Wal-Mart removing Confederate merchandise
British woman suffers heart attack after being hit by potato thrown from passing car
Florida dad lets daughter, 4, tattoo him
Thai Man Legally Married Both Twin Sisters
Amazon Switches Over To Convenient New Physical Locations
Arizona man leaves granddaughter, 5, alone in desert with gun 'to shoot bad guys'
Deformed Pig With "Penis Face" Draws Attention in China
Stuffy offices can halve cognitive scores
Islamophobic French mayor declares war on kebabs, says he will not allow more kebab restaurants to be opened
Amazon Is Opening An Actual, Real-Life Bookstore
Irish think tanks don't think any more
Republicans trust Trump on economy, nuclear weapons: Reuters/Ipsos poll
Climate Change Kills the Mood: Economists Warn of Less Sex on a Warmer Planet
Russian reality TV show offers factory jobs as prize
Woman trapped in Subway fridge uses ketchup to write help messages
Russia: Reality TV show offers factory jobs as prize
Study: Frequent sex may raise chances for conception
Scarecrow punches Tin Man, runs off with Cowardly Lion: police
Man detonates bomb at Missouri Walmart
PayPal Christmas ad gets hundreds of complaints it implies Santa isn't real
Ben Carson Says Many Americans Are 'Stupid,' But Shouldn't Be Underestimated
Ben Carson on Americans: "Many of Them Are Stupid."
Tin Man injured after being punched by the Scarecrow in Innisfil, Ont.
Israeli police threatens to gas Palestinians "until [they] die".
Scarecrow punches tin man and runs off with cowardly lion.
Bentley's emotion-reading app tells unfeeling billionaires which car to buy
'Take Yo Panties Off' defense: Redskins cite other protected products in trademark appeal
Police say man dressed as Scarecrow punches Tin Man, runs away with Cowardly Lion
'No Africans please', says Marrakech rental agent
Man goes on Jeremy Kyle to tell his brother to stop going on Jeremy Kyle
Jeb Bush borrows new slogan from famous British child predator
Couple seeks right to marry. The hitch? They're legally father and son
Woman gives birth to a baby on hospital stairs when doctors and nurses refused to admit her
'Killer clown' who chased children at bus stop was a 'prank' mom says
Christie: Obama stealing credit for my criminal justice reforms
Iran Ayatollah: 'Death to America' Refers to US Policies
Man dressed as scarecrow punches tin man and runs away with cowardly lion
Catholic school suspends 6-year-old for pretending to shoot imaginary bow and arrow at recess
Google Wants You To Celebrate Spain's 'Clitoris Festival'
Corruption Official Sentenced to 12 Years for Corruption
Class controversy: Parents worried course on Islam teaches religion
Man dressed as Scarecrow punches Tim Man, runs away with Cowardly Lion: police
Candy caper caught on camera
Father, adopted son seek same sex marriage in Pennyslvania
York city councilman attacked by kids with weapons, uses six-pack in self defense
Uncultured Viewers Suck The Joy Out Of Bob Ross - Twitch Marathon Of 'Joy Of Painting' Plastered With Disgusting Comments And Jokes
Local woman caught in viral video looting Halloween candy identified
Simpson Thacher Avoids Billion-Dollar Lawsuit Over Epic Mistake
Mississippi Man Allegedly Bombs Wal-Mart Because It Won't Sell Confederate Flags
Google Translate error sees Spanish town advertise clitoris festival
Israel minister: Let's deport all the stray cats
Canadian pharmacy accidentally gives bipolar medicine to children instead of sweets on Halloween
Tin Man assaulted by Scarecrow on Halloween, police allege
David Cameron mocked after poppy Photoshop fail
Turbocharged 1967 Chevrolet Nova 2.0 to debut at SEMA Show
Prosecutor confounded, disappointed that community leaders support convicted child molester
Man dressed as Scarecrow punches Tin Man, runs away with Cowardly Lion: police
Man dressed as Scarecrow punches Tin Man, runs away with Cowardly Lion
Twitter replaces stars with hearts, prompts uproar
Man dressed as Tin Man injured in fight with Scarecrow: police
Ayatollah clarifies "Death to America" isn't meant literally
Police in New Haven, Connecticut are teaching people a lesson not to leave valuable items in their car by breaking in and stealing them
Koch brothers say they are 'largely failures' at influencing US politics
Orlando school's boys-only STEM event prompts protest petition
Microsoft drops unlimited OneDrive storage after people use it for unlimited storage
There is now a cover of Van Halen's Jump called Trump
People Are Paying $10 for an App Where You Tap a Cactus for Luck
Flatulence from 2,186 goats forced plane to make emergency landing after gas set off smoke alarms
Man awakens after bachelor party to find Ray-Bans tattooed on his face
Man bombed Wal-Mart because it stopped selling Confederate flags, police say
Report: Rams plan to change concrete field surface that has led to injuries
Man's inspiring story about his world record 5-inch nipple hair
Juvenile arrested after Batman stabbed in Longford
Researchers Threatened a Robot With a Knife to See If Humans Cared
Brawl over fried chicken leaves one dead
DOE Issues New Rule for Workers: Don't Put Highly Enriched Uranium in Your Pocket
3 shot when man drops gun in Fla. Cracker Barrel
Family questions faith after lamb sacrifice backfires - and cousin is hurled against freeway sign
Birds Bursting Into Flames Above Solar Farm Stirs Calls To Slow Expansion
Fake KFC in Iran shut down for being too American
'KFC Halal' falls fowl of Iran police: report
Police pull over speeding hearse, find half a ton of caviar inside
Man arrested for calling Robert Mugabe 'old' after fall in India.
teacher asked to resign after anti-bullying video upsets parents
Teen Purposely Contracts AIDS After Claiming His Eazy-E Halloween Costume Wouldn't Be Complete Without It
First 'KFC' to open in Iran shut down after just 24 hours
Trump draws parallel between ice-skating rinks, combating ISIS
World Health Organisation Warns That Consumption Of Kale Leads To Arrogance
Peepfax Finally Launched Their People Reviewing Site - The End is Near
If Ohio Bans Gerrymandering Today, There Could be Hope for American Democracy
Burlington woman charged after giving water to pig on way to slaughter
This creepy 65-year-old clown will terrify your misbehaving kid for cash
20 bizarre new ICD-10 codes
News Study: So-called 'Atonal' Music Just Been In A Minor All Along
So-called 'Atonal' Music Just Been In A Minor All Along
Amazon to Open First Brick-and-Mortar Bookstore
Administrators shred Constitution after reporter calls it 'oppressive' and 'triggering'
Rancher dies in shootout with deputies planning to kill bull
Study: Frequent sex may raise chances of conception.
Arkansas officer arrested after false claim of being shot
An activist group named 'CAN-FAP' is following Oprah around the country to protest the use of baby foreskin in a new anti-aging cream.
Tapping Arizona Water For Saudi Cows
Goat Reunited with Owner After Antics in Granby Neighborhood Include Licking Police Cruiser
Decaf-only Canadian coffee shop freaks out New Yorkers
High profile black Ukip member Winston McKenzie quits party due to 'racial discrimination'
Rebel flag supporter 'bombs Mississippi Walmart'
Donald Trump: Ben Carson 'Just Doesn't Have the Experience' to Be President
Chicken was to die for
Over reporting of school shooting causes more school shootings according to CNN...
Long Island man returns from Florida to find the town destroyed his home
Trade in your Xbox one to get an Xbox one from game stop for only $100!
Seal Couple Using FaceTime To Keep in Touch After Separation
Bullet hits 2 at gun show at Expo Idaho
Family performed lamb sacrifice days before fatal accident
Christian Couple Sue for Right to Keep Their Kids Uneducated as They Await Rapture
Washington highlight porn sites to defend 'Redskins' name
New York Islanders introduce new mascot: Honky the Car
Butt grab spurs 4 assaults, 1 transport to hospital, 1 arrest
Man dressed as the Scarecrow punches the Tin Man in Innisfil, Ont.:
Arkansas officer shot himself, arrested for false report
Mississippi Man Wants Confederate Flag Sold at Wal-Mart, Bombs Store to Make His Point
Police arrest cop, accuse him of lying about being shot
Rachel Dolezal admits she was born white
Armed robber's family complains he was shot too many times.
Researcher Misses Out on Grant Because of Calibri/Arial Font Dustup
'Death to America' Not Meant for Its People, Says Iran's Ayatollah Khamenei
Most Canadian Couple of All Time Gets Married at Tim Hortons in Hockey Jerseys
Redskins say the government can't call their name offensive if they're okay with 'WHORES FROM HELL'
First 'KFC' to open in Iran shut down after 24 hours for being too American
Family of Ejected Driver Sacrificed a Lamb to 'Protect Him From Evil' Days Before Fatal Crash
Man stabbed to death over the last piece of chicken
Bernie Sanders' Face on New Underwear Line
The Nexus 6P will snap in half if you try to snap it in half
German Village of 102 Braces for 750 Asylum Seekers
Marijuana legalization in Ohio could make Nick Lachey a tycoon
A student threatened to shoot up my school, California State University Fresno. Headshot at a hot blonde.
Police Handcuff 7-Year-Old Child For 'Acting Out' In Elementary School
Oprah faces protest for using wrinkle cream made with foreskin
Police say man dressed as Scarecrow punches Tin Man, runs away with Cowardly Lion (xpost r/funny)
Orgies in a time of political correctness
Man Stabbed to Death for Taking the Last Piece of Chicken
Study: Most Babies Are Using Mobile Devices Before Turning 1
Goat Licks Police Cruiser in Granby
Mets fan celebrates too soon with 'champs' tattoo
Canada Man Proposes to Girlfriend With Engagement Ring Made From His Wisdom Tooth
Prop 200 wants to make it legal for Mexican citizens to attend the UA
Louisiana bans welfare benefits usage at lingerie shops, jewelry stores, tattoo parlors | NOLA.com
Mets fan 'doesn't regret' his '2015 World Champs' tattoo
Former Weed Kingpin Racer Returns After 26 Years In Prison
Bike Theft at Reed College Leads Police to Chop Shop Behind Secret Passageway
THE LIBRARY THAT CHECKS OUT DEAD ANIMALS
Three boys reportedly steal daycare bus, drive it to Hilltop park
Lakewood woman attacked by pack of raccoons
Sometimes people's toes fall off, nobody knows why
Pike Place Market to clean 20 years of gum from famous gum wall
Your Cat Probably (Maybe) Wants To Kill You
Houston man kills roommate over last piece of chicken. Yes, you read that right.
Bay Area assemblyman wants to legalize 'ballot selfies' in California
Mississippi man bombs Walmart for refusing to sell Confederate flag
Pennsylvania couple seeks right to marry. The hitch? They're legally father and son.
Company sues university over use of 'Kentucky'
Deer smashes through window, interrupts ping pong game, and tramples wildly through university building until it escapes and dies.
Attorneys for Florida man guilty of fatally stabbing wife say he was attempting exorcism
Can Dutch chimps pick up a Scottish accent? Scientists aren't so sure.
How Long Does Sciatica Last
Guy woke up in the middle of the night on a stranger's bed
Fight erupts between scientists over whether chimps have accents
Hunt for Ford Mustang stolen at any time since 1995
Farting sleep force plane to make emergency landing
[우정사업본부] 우체국 계리직공무원 시험일정&학습노하우, 계리직컴퓨터일반 1200제 문제풀이 강좌(10강)★
3 escaped goats show up at town hall in rural Rhode Island
Global warming could harm birth rates as hot temperatures 'make people less likely to have sex'
Star Wars: The Force Awakens: US cinema chains AMC and Cinemark won't let fans wear facepaint or masks
Freshman Senator To His Colleagues: 'The People Despise Us All'
Missing Italian Marathoner Found on New York Subway, Still in His Running Gear
This rare illness makes people think they're dead
Father And Daughter Pictured Boarding Doomed Jet
Pole-hogging is the new manspreading: The scourge of commuting on public transport
Mumbai schoolboy dies while taking selfie atop train
Dogs survive brutal brawl with porcupine in Saskatchewan
Prince Harry: I might experiment with gay men if my relationship doesn't work out
Protesters suspend selves from stadium during Panthers game
Idaho rancher dies in shootout with police after crash involving bull
This Entrepreneur Wants You To Stop Using Toilet Paper - Forbes
No more skipping 4, 13, 14, 24 in Vancouver floor numbers - City goes back to 'basic math' in numbering buildings ... for safety's sake
Woman who posted selfie with barcode on $900 Melbourne Cup ticket had winnings stolen
Gas from 2186 sheep forced plane to make emergency landing in Bali after setting off smoke alarms
DATA- Sexism More So Than Weedism; When will the unvarnished truth about 'the boys club' finally...
Animal farts in the cargo hold tripped the emergency fire alarm causing plane to make emergency landing
Colorado Police Help Nunchucks Make Comeback
Top KZN hospital loses kidney
The Charity WiFi4Life Is Turning Homeless People Into WiFi Hotspots
Man may have been fatally injured while crawling into inner Sydney charity bin, police say
A black American man is applying for refugee status in Canada, citing police racism. Don't laugh.
Vui Halloween 2015 cùng Gamuda Gardens
VICE's New VICELAND Channel Promises to Remake Cable With Edgy Infomercials
Iran's Ayatollah: 'Death to America' doesn't mean 'Death to Americans'
New Jersey Man Doesn't Regret Getting Huge 'World Champs 2015' Mets Tattoo
'Death to America' does not mean death to Americans, Ayatollah clarifies
Author uses vulgar "dude" language to talk mental health
Near-naked models in bust-up with police for asking men a saucy question in street
Saying U.S. is 'corrupt,' black American man applies for refugee status in Canada
Er, Amazon is opening a physical bookstore
Liverpool becomes the first city to open fast walking lanes
Police 'to be given powers to view everyone's entire internet history'
Ex-con Ganim returns to mayor's seat in Bridgeport (CT)
Cadbury's Fruit and Nut bar recipe change after 90 years sparks angry reaction
Florida Eighth-Grader Gets Detention For Hugging
Women are tweeting Enda Kenny about their periods
Donald Trump Tweets a Picture of Jeb Bush Next to a Swastika
Clinton tied with Carson, leads Rubio, Bush, Trump head-to-head: poll
Australian Christian Lobby slams anti-bullying program
The smartest people are successful because they're sarcastic, Harvard researchers conclude
Ex-convict declares victory in Bridgeport mayor's race
This Man Didn't 'Turn' Fair In 3 Weeks. Here's How He Got his Revenge On 'Fair & Handsome'
Verizon Begins CENSORING Customer E-mails
Keith Vaz says the Christmas Coca-Cola truck is not welcome in Leicester
Istanbul shopping stampede in VIP invite prompts social media storm
Man killed for grabbing last piece of chicken, cops say
Cadbury upsets Fruit and Nut fans by adding sultanas.
Farting sheep cause plane to make emergency landing
Kerala college suspends boy for sitting next to girl in classroom
Kansas man off to prison after knocking out groom at IHOP
Lynch mob strikes again in India: Man killed for 'stealing' cow in Manipur
Man says he molested girl because she was "too pretty"
Eight Virginia officers injured in fight with naked man
Paypal accused of ruining Christmas
Father, Adopted Son Seek Right To Marry Each Other
Suspect dressed as Spider Man robs Mini Mart in Fresno
Man that kept 21 pieces of female genitalia in his freezer to appear in court
East Chicago councilman wins second term despite being in jail facing murder charge
Activist charged for giving water to pigs on way to slaughterhouse unapologetic
Ex-Trader Convicted Of Libor Manipulation Made Written Request To Colleague Not To Put Libor Manipulation Requests In Writing
Oregon State University to start a degree program in "Fat Studies"
Amazon opens a retail store to replace all the ones it's closed
University Apologizes for Holding Event That Served Mexican Food
Activist who gave pigs bound for slaughterhouse water defiant
Cops Now Stealing Your Stuff to 'Protect You' from People Who Might Steal Your Stuff
Cops to grab unlocked stuff from cars in East Rock area - for safekeeping
Pew Survey Results: American Jews Are Praying More, but Most Still Eat Pork
Company Launches Bernie Sanders Inspired Underwear Line, "Feel the Bern"
Man allegedly beats daughter for not getting enough Halloween candy
NPR is building an analytics bot that emphasizes caring over clicks
'Hunger Games' theme park reportedly coming to Atlanta
Former Bridgeport, Connecticut, mayor gets old job back after prison
Man is Fatally Stabbed After Taking The Last Piece Of Chicken
Missing Marathon Running Found Surviving on Pizza, Riding Subway
Missing marathon runner found surviving on pizza, riding subway
Spanish town accidentally promotes 'Clitoris Festival'
Robbery suspect leaves EBT card on counter
Florida eighth-grader gets detention for hugging a friend
Man is Fatally Stabbed After Taking The Last Piece Of Chicken, Cops Say
Company launches Bernie Sanders-inspired underwear line
Next time try and find that 4chan guy. I heard he hacks HARD
Houston man fatally stabbed over last piece of chicken
Donald Trump: If Ben Carson hosted 'SNL' nobody would watch
Goat farts blamed for emergency plane landing
Trump mask a holiday hit in Mexico
Should you have sex with robots? Experts weigh in
Ninja-Like Ambush Bugs Don't Subsist on Meat Alone
Amazon opens brick-and-mortar bookstore.
Kobe Bryant 'knows he don't suck'
'After the Rapture' Will Place Your Cats With Loving Atheist When Jesus Comes - for a Small Fee
"On a school bus?!" Driver fired after he was caught on camera allegedly doing raunchy things on board
Colleges should allow students to take smart drugs
38-Year-Old Man Murders Roommate For Eating The Last Piece Of Chicken
Exhale" is a song by Jonathan Lee lyricist cheap jordans
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Is Powered By Pizza, Analysis Shows
God Wants Yellen to Delay Rate Hike Until Spring, Lawmaker Says
Cops: Man stabbed to death over last piece of chicken
Target Wants to Let Customers Drink Beer and Wine While They Shop
The Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says that, "Death to America" doesn't actually refer to the country.
Game wardens deploy robot deer to nab poachers
East Chicago councilman charged with murder is re-elected
Annapolis City Council Approves First Annual "Go Army Beat Navy" Day
Man allegedly kills friend for taking last piece of chicken at dinner
Man is killed after eating last piece of chicken, Cops say.
Animal activist gives water to thirsty pigs, gets charged with mischief
UK Government Works on Restricting Encryption, Urges Staff to Use It
911 call about a man driving erratically and masturbating ended with the man arrested at gunpoint
Starbucks barista pens 'creepy' note on the cup of teen girl
Baaaaad news: Sheep gas triggers alarms on plane, forcing emergency landing
'Double double trouble': Nova Scotia man arrested after breaking into Tim Hortons, making coffee
Naked men fight in gas dispute
Dusty Baker had a hand in creating the high five
Senators release report detailing extent of NFL's 'pay-for-patriotism' deals
Pure Profits Copy And Paste Money Making System
School must allow transgender student to use girls' locker room or lose funding, feds say
911 call about a man driving erratically and masturbating ended with the man arrested at gunpoint in a parking lot
You can now buy Bernie Sanders underwear for $15
Men who do their fair share of housework have a better sex life
UWM offers 'voice feminization therapy' to help students 'live their gender identities'
Send Your Friends An Anonymous Award Just For Trying. Let your family and friends know you're thinking about their underachievements.
Man arrested for leaving granddaughter alone in desert
Facebook 'friend' of a Perth woman used her selfie to claim her Melbourne Cup winnings
Philadelphia woman wins $10,000 prize just for voting
Child pretends to shoot student with imaginary bow, suspended for 3 days
'Because It's 2015': Canada's Trudeau Sums Up His Gender-Equal Cabinet
Mets Fan 'Doesn't Regret' Jumping the Gun on '2015 World Champs' Tattoo
DEA chief says smoking marijuana as medicine "is a joke"
Sheep Farts Force Malaysian-Bound Flight Into Emergency Landing
Pentagon Farmed Out Its Coding to Russia
Warriors Owner: I Did Some Fuck Stuff With The Larry O'Brien Trophy
Finland: Ministry launches 'tongue-in-cheek' emojis
Henry Rollins Driving App Tells You How Hard It Would Have Been to Get There in the 80's
This man is painting penises on potholes so the council has to take action.
Ben Carson: Egyptian Pyramids Built For Grain Storage, Not By Aliens Or As Tombs
Marco Rubio sticks up for Bernie Sanders
Caitlyn Jenner is transitioning back to Bruce.
Google Translate error leads to Spanish town advertising 'Clitoris Festival'
Real Life to blame for violent behaviour in Video Games
Man suing for $5 million after giant pinecone falls on his head
Is this for real? ... These guys will send your enemies a bad surprise in the mail.
High profile UKIP member quits party, claiming he's the victim of racism
Lock your car doors, or the police in New Haven, Connecticut might try to teach you a lesson
With no hint of irony, Qatar, China and Saudi Arabia have called for 'free and fair elections' in Syria
"Adolf Hitler Was a Woman", Claims New Harvard Study
Pedestrian struck by parked car in East Providence
'Feel the Bern': Bernie Sanders underwear debuts
CBP apologizes for 'candy only for American families' Halloween sign outside agent's Texas home
Mum dies after drinking eight litres of Pepsi Max every day
More women own game consoles than men, survey finds
Marco Rubio Would like to have a beer with Malala
Congressman Warns Janet Yellen About Implicitly Satanic Winter Rate Hikes
'Chemsex': Doctors worry about days-long, drug-fueled orgies with 'an average of five partners'
The Almighty Reportedly Wants to Keep Interest Rates Low Until Next Year
Yale frat had 'white girls only' policy at party, students say
31-year old in Gujarat to be tried as a juvenile
Councilman charged with murder, drugs re-elected
White man assaulted for confederate flag magnet on his truck after Garth Brooks concert wants the charge to be upgraded to a hate crime.
Group that gave money to dead officer's family wants donation returned
Marco Rubio wants to have a beer with teenage Nobel Prize winner Malala
Did [Creatine] Trigger Classroom Cop's Rage?
Cop Stages Own Murder After Stealing from Kids Program to Pay for Porn, Mortgage Payments
Texas man stabbed to death by friend after taking last piece of chicken, police say | Fox News Latino
Man assaulted for confederate flag magnet on his truck after Garth Brooks concert wants the charge to be upgraded to a hate crime.
U.S. Army Jeep Rear-Ends A Nuke Convoy Truck in Midday Montana Traffic
U.S. military hummer in convoy rear ends nuclear weapon truck in midday traffic on a US roadway
Vermont company launches Bernie Sanders-inspired underwear line
Woman's $8 million jackpot slot pull turns out to be just $80
NC judge charged with trying to bribe official with 'couple cases of beer'
Emergency landing not caused by goats' flatulence: SIA
Syrian Refugees could help boost Germany's Tobacco Industry
VA tells Dunedin veteran he's dead, cuts off benefits
Woman has newborn child taken from her by the State for drinking marijuana-infused tea during pregnancy to combat sickness.
Ayatollah: 'Death To America' Slogan Is Not About Americans
Guinness eliminating fish bladders to make beer vegan-friendly
Dem Congressman To Janet Yellen: God Doesn't Want You To Raise Interest Rates Until May
Ben Carson: Archaeologists Are Wrong, The Pyramids Were Built To Store Grain
Man Dies After Tapeworm Inside Him Gets Cancer
Grossest restaurant ever? Inside Japan's poo curry cafe
Man shoots himself in the face with shotgun after traffic stop
N. Korean tablet has components made in South
Ben Carson's Strange Theory About The Egyptian Pyramids
Who Does Marco Rubio Want To Grab A Beer With? Malala Yousafzai, An Underage Muslim
Salt Lake City close to electing 1st openly gay mayor
Netflix HQ sign tagged to say "Netflix and Chill"
Dead frog 'found in McDonald's chicken wrap' by horrified 10-year-old girl
Aliens, Pyramids, and Granaries? What on Earth Was Ben Carson Thinking?
Kangaroo flatulence research points to new climate change strategy for farmers
Marco Rubio Would Like to Have a Beer With Devout Muslim Teenager Malala Yousafzai
Prosecutors in Argentina wants Top Gear to stand trial
Ben Carson: Pyramids made for grain storage, not as tombs
Spooning Is a Physical and Ideological Travesty. It Must End Now.
GP 'groped woman's breasts like he was polishing headlights'
Britons Perturbed by a Troubling Shortage of Curry Chefs
Leaves on the line? Rail experts are still clueless
Smoking Syrian refugees can help boost Germany's Tobacco Industry
Teens accused of using dirt, apron to help stash great-grandma in car trunk for joyride to Portland
George Bush Sr says 'iron-ass' Cheney and 'arrogant' Rumsfeld damaged America. Does anyone believe he had nothing to do with it?
Romanian witches to cast anti-government spell : Protests over plan to tax witches as part of drive to collect more revenue and crack down on tax evasion
Bernie Sanders Bashes Uber, Uses It For All His 'Taxi' Rides
Egypt pyramids for grain not pharoahs: presidential hopeful Carson
Netflix HQ gets 'and chill' graffiti by only person left who finds the joke funny
Starbucks barista 'writes creepy message on coffee cup'
I guess that's why they call it "crack alley"
Glamour model who crashed her car on tram tracks while high on ice and Xanax asks for no conviction so she can work at the Playboy Mansion
Ozzy Osbourne to appear at the Alamo Thursday, will apologize for urinating there
Hackers gonna hack, but why? Maybe Freud has the answer
Court hears case of home-schoolers who didn't teach their kids because they expected to be raptured
Man dies from cancer of tapeworm living inside him
Is the world ready for a bare-metal OS/2 rebirth?
Ben Carson: Egyptian pyramids were grain stores, not pharoahs' tombs
Indonesia: Goat farts set off smoke alarm, force plane to make emergency landing
Ben Carson: Egyptian pyramids were grain stores, not pharaohs' tombs
People camp out overnight for chance to buy affordable London flat
50% female cabinet appointments lead to 5000% increase in guys who suddenly care about merit in cabinet
'Model' begs for clean record after crashing onto tram tracks high on ice
Doctor Who Advocated for Assisted Suicide Chooses to End His Life
Phil Collins petition demands United Nations stop singer returning to music
Sheep farts force plane to land in Indonesia
67-Year-Old Woman Has Just Started Career as a Grindcore Singer, Check Her Out | Music News @ Ultimate-Guitar.Com
Americans Largely Unconcerned About Climate Change, Survey Finds
Alvababy.com：online hot sales for baby cloth diapers, diaper Covers,baby nappies, diaper bags
Aussie becomes biggest loser by posting $825 winning ticket on Facebook
Pole-hogging is the new manspreading, and we're so, so tired of it
WARNING: Do Not Post Your Winning Ticket On Social Media
People camp overnight for chance to buy affordable London flat
'Secret Christian Wife' Of Saudi King Awarded $40m By UK Court
Pole-hogging on public transport is the new manspreading
South Ockendon Sea Cadet beats off 14,000 others to win 'Advanced Seaman' award
Comment Email Congress Will Honor Dick Cheney With A Statue In The U.S. Capitol
Congress Will Honor Dick Cheney With A Statue In The U.S. Capitol
Rugby World Cup final: Students celebrate with couch burnings
Bulk Farts Forced A Singapore Airlines Flight Into An Emergency Landing
Father assaults man who bested young son at video game
South African student steals bus in desperate bid to get classmates to final year exam on time
8th-grader's homework asked about getting herpes from one-night stand
Mooooove Over, Cows! Kangaroo Farts Warm the Earth, Too
Gassy goats may have grounded a Boeing 747
Bindi Irwin 'must prove that dad, Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin, is dead' before getting Dancing with the Stars money
Man who attacked Uber driver: "It's not me in the video, it's not me"
Former Defence employee sentenced to jail for publishing secret document on 4chan
Farting goats force plane to make emergency landing with 2,000 animals on board
Spontaneous human combustion: Woman bursts into flames on park bench in Germany
No Label - The World's first non-binary, transgender beer.
A Saskatchewan Town Is Changing Its Slogan From "Land Of Rape And Honey"
Coon Rapids Applebee's customer charged with attacking woman for not speaking English
New Haven ends cop 'caretaker' program of taking items for safekeeping from unlocked cars- after 1 day
Man Starts Fire, Stares At it
Crime Stoppers looking to kids to solve crimes
Parent backlash as primary school rules all pupils must spend day walking with their hands behind their backs
Private Prisons Threaten To Sue States Unless They Get More Inmates
Ben Carson believes Joseph built Egypt's pyramids to store grain - and it just might get him some votes
Disney Wants to Remove 'Slave Leia' Merchandise Thanks to Feminists
AUSSIE BIOLOGIST BOTTLES ROO FARTS, FINDS POTENTIAL CLIMATE CHANGE FIX
Giant effigy of David Cameron and dead pig to be burned for Guy Fawkes night
Man with terrible headache discovers he has tapeworm living in his brain
Woman snapped using first class train table as a seat on London train
City Commissioner who never shows up to work re-elected in landslide victory.
14-year-old girl gets a detention for hugging friend
Delaware man reportedly sets himself on fire while lighting cigarette
Radioactive honey found near nuclear power station
Congressman to Yellen: God wants you to hold off on rate hike
NY Times runs a series of articles on how terrible the trend of mandatory arbitration clauses is, but fails to mention that it has such a clause in its own agreements.
These 'Awards' Take Aim at Politically Correct Culture in a Classically Hilarious Way
Investigation Finds Illinois Cop At Center Of Manhunt Shot Himself
Apache leader offended by Redskins name wore blackface for Halloween
Texas Congressman proposes putting gay people on an island to see if they die out.
Unsettling finding from CDC investigation: Tapeworms can transmit cancer cells to humans
Stolen Bus Takes Students to Finals
Man dressed as Tin Man injured in fight with Scarecrow; cowardly ran away with the lion
Bindi Irwin -- Judge Rejects 'DWTS' Contract ... No Proof Her Dad Died
Iranian leader: 'Death to America' refers to policies, not the nation
Someone's Just Been Sentenced To Three Years In Prison For Sharing This Photo
Swiss soccer fan gets separated from his group after going to the toilet at a match in Italy. Returns home to Switzerland 11 years later.
Endangered sea turtles sue over Broward beach practices
Egyptian Facebook User Sentenced to Three Years in Prison for Putting Mickey Mouse Ears on president Abdel Fattah El-Sisi
Scientists consider ways to curb kangaroo farts
A Tapeworm With Cancer Gave Its Tumors to Someone
Kangaroo farts not as environmentally friendly as previously thought
Ethan Zuckerman, the creator of pop-up ads, has apologized for his creation
Janitor at Memphis Mall Attempts to Clean Men's Restroom, Old Man Urinates on Her Foot and Tells Her "Now There's Something for you to Clean"
Transgendered Woman Running for office. Opposes transgendered bathrooms.
What is Cotard's syndrome? The rare mental illness which makes people think they are dead
BrewDog's 'transgender beer' undermines the diversity of the trans movement, Stonewall says
Orthorexia: An obsession with healthy eating not yet recognised by psychiatry
Carson running rap ad to reach young, black voters
Police: Upper Gwynedd attorney used law firm's computer to obtain child pornography
At least three officers have shot themselves and blamed imaginary suspects since September
A New Service Will Send Your Enemies 'Participation Awards' So They Know For Sure That They're Failing At Life
Portland cops wrong to pry open clenched buttocks of suspect to retrieve cocaine, court says
Rick Santorum to donors: 'I've taken on the ladies of The View'
Elton John and Vladimir Putin are 'trying to figure out a date' to meet and discuss LGBT rights
Ben Carson radio ad aimed at black Americans
Ben Carson: I'd share a drink with Jesus
Larry King: 'The secret of my success? I'm dumb'
Netanyahu Picks Academic Who Insulted Obama and Kerry as Diplomacy Chief
Vancouver high rise developers will no longer be able to omit floors or suite numbers that contain the number 4
17 Places That Are So Romantic, You Will Think They Came Right Out Of A Storybook
Ozzy Osbourne to apologise for urinating at the Alamo
Woman apologizes for starting massive apartment fire while trying to kill bed bugs in Detroit.
BBC journalist: "Trust nothing you read or watch" "I am ashamed to be a journalist"
Reaching for Vigor, Jeb Bush Slips In Some Gentle Profanity
Boy Who Disappeared At 5 Found Safe After Applying For College
Cold Lake resident Richard Butt charged with indecent acts
"Hitler 2" shop displays merchandise on masked mannequins, some with knives taped to their hands.
I received poor customer service...do we sometimes judge solely on appearance?
Police: Florida man shoots, kills wife because she 'nagged' him
Bindi Irwin (daughter of Steve Irwin) to be denied pay for appearance on "Dancing With the Stars" until she proves her father is dead
New G.O.P. Debate Format Forbids Questions About Things Candidates Said or Did
South Korea Is Building a Giant Monument to 'Gangnam Style'
South Korea is building a giant Gangnam Style statue
Report finds apps regularly 'spy on users'
Indian Muslim, Accused of Stealing a Cow, Is Beaten to Death by a Hindu Mob
VA tells Florida veterans they're dead, cuts off benefits
Ben Carson to Target Black Voters With Rap Song
VA tells veterans they're dead, cuts off benefits
State trooper delays telling children of parents' death, takes care of them on Halloween
Ben Carson releases rap ad in bid to woo young black voters
Music fans launch petition to stop Phil Collins' return to music
Ben Carson's new rap-based campaign ad is wiggity, wiggity, wiggity wack
TENNESSEE MOTHER CONFUSES GYNECOLOGY WITH PORNOGRAPHY AND TRIES TO BAN BOOK
Ben Carson Releases Rap Targeted to Black Voters. Like All Campaign Songs, It's Terrible.
Columbia student who falsely claimed she was raped creates video reenactment of her being raped, starring herself.
Professional Toy Tester Retiring at Age 14
North Carolina man breaks into shed, starts cooking meth, blows himself up
Gaza Store 'Hitler' Adds Knives to Mannequins
A Man Died After His Parasitic Worm Got Cancer
Boy, 6, Suspended For Playing With Imaginary Bow And Arrow
Snow White Smashes Statue of St. Francis
Woman appears to spontaneously burst into flames on park bench
Matric pupil desperate to write an exam steals bus
Juvenile Delinquents Are Now 'Justice-Involved Youth'
Dad's KFC fury after he was refused bacon box meal as it was not halal
Uber passenger apologizes for drunkenly attacking driver
Ben Carson thinks Egypt pyramids were built by Joseph to store grain, not tombs
Brampton student tries crowdfunding to cover $600 Uber bill
Marijuana is literally the least of the nation's drug worries, the police have announced
The Sun Stole Part of Mars' Atmosphere, and NASA Was Watching
Spokesman: Vladimir Putin 'ready to meet' with Elton John
I'm not pregnant: Teen says she was forced to swear on Bible at local school
Ben Carson campaign rolls out rap ad
Just how gassy are kangaroos anyway?
Man killed by his tapeworm's cancer
"World's first marijuana-funded scholarship is here" - Time
Pezo von Ellrichshausen designs a building made up of 100 circles
Kevin Bacon on the 'disturbing' day he spent disguised as a non-famous person
Prisoner injured after injecting penis with petroleum jelly
Ben Carson's theory: Egypt's pyramids stored grain -
Police: Florida man fends off toilet-lid wielding wife
Stolen baby State Fair goat is found
Playful bull asks for hugs from humans
'UFOs' spook Delhi airport security, air force put on high alert
Bison Gores Man Near Tower Peak
2,186 gassy goats blamed for flight diversion
Teen Discovers He Was Kidnapped as a Child When Applying For College 13 Years Later
Michele Fiore poses in calendar promoting guns
Suspect hands over robbery victim's ID when police ask for identification
Beverly couple get the surprise of their lives; New baby was completely unexpected
Florida teacher resigns after realizing daughter will attend Florida schools.
British supermarket seeks 'Christmas light untangler'
Bindi Irwin's 'Dancing With the Stars' Contract Denied Because Judge Wants Proof Her Dad Died
I'm not pregnant: Teen says she was forced to swear on Bible at Ga. school
Brush Train Elastic Satin Sheath Column Sweetheart Purple Evening/Prom Dress - promdressbycolor.com
A man is crowdfunding so he can start making scrotum rucksacks
Australian paramedics avoiding 'Who is the Prime Minister?' mental alertness question - because it's too confusing
What Do Professional Apple Farmers Think of People Who Pick Apples for Fun?
Pentagon's failed Syria program cost $2 million per trainee
Illinois man gets 5 year prison sentence for stealing Nintendo DS game.
Houston Votes Against Antidiscrimination Ordinance
Woman receives wisdom tooth engagement ring
Ben Carson releases rap ad aimed at young black voters
Canadian hospital bans English language signs
Seattle Starbucks are now officially safe-havens for LGBT members
Woman dies after drinking up to 8 litres of Pepsi Max a day.
Mother orders £185 table... but is delivered 150 live tropical FISH instead
Here's Ben Carson new hip-hop radio ad
Fouke man accused of molesting miniature mare.
NC judge charged with trying to bribe official with 'couple of cases of beer'
U.K. Woman Orders Glass Table From eBay and Receives 40 Fish Instead
Pricey Parking: $650K For Just One Space in Beacon Hill
Burying yourself in the scorching desert sand of high summer may seem like torture, but, for some Egyptians, it's medicinal.
Mississippi Supreme Court rules same-sex divorce legal
Pinellas Deputy drunk at anti-drunk driving event showed up ready to party, skipped training
Get an eyeful of this: California's porn actors may have to wear goggles on set
Bindi Irwin needs to prove dad Steve Irwin is dead for Dancing with the Stars contract
Dick Cheney's Disembodied Head To Live In Washington Forever
Uber in Egypt to teach drivers how not to sexually harass women
'Dishevelled' man in his twenties on roof of house in Walton 'shouting about Guy Fawkes'
Suspected Liverpool brothel boarded up after residents complain about "dwarf" banging his head on window for entrance
Oregon judge: Hitler photo was hung to honor veterans
Daredevil climber scaled 200ft crane to break law in order to get free ride home with police
Substitute teacher fired after allegedly using stapler on students
Judge rejects Bindi Irwin's DWTS contract, wants proof her father is dead
Someone Made a 'Where's Waldo' Style Book About Missing Flight MH370
LDS church to exclude children of same-sex couples from membership
MC Ben Carson Is Now Rapping to the Black Youth
Venezuela's Maduro pledges to shave moustache for socialism
Bindi Irwin "has to prove her dad is dead" before she can get her 'Dancing With The Stars' pay
Sweary UK woman says she ordered a glass table from eBay, got sent 40 fish
Sticky Situation: Seattle's Famous Gum Wall To Be Melted Clean
Irish women are tweeting about their periods to Taoiseach Edna Kenny to protest abortion laws
Teen Finds Out He's Been Missing for 13 Years When He Tries to Apply for College
Joseph Ganim, Disgraced Ex-Mayor of Bridgeport, Conn., Wins Back Job
I said, S U P E R - S I Z E me !!!
Martin O'Malley appears as an 'unidentified man' in a Wall Street Journal photo
Grandmother tries to spite heirs by shredding $1.1 million fortune, prosecutors say
Only 1 in 10 students entering Kindergarten in Lancaster, PA have the necessary motor skills to use scissors. 1 in 2 can't hold a pencil correctly.
Disney bans 'Leia in the Gold Bikini' from all merchandise, comics, and media
Reddit user thinks doctors are some of the stupidest people he ever meets, redditors agrees
Hong Kong Free Press falls foul of Great Firewall, blocked in China
Grew a Neckbeard and wrote a song..
Man Told He Has "30 Minutes To Live" After Doctors Discover Tapeworm In His Brain
Cleveland is Now a Vacation Destination on The Price is Right
Ben Carson Clarifies That He Tried To Stab 'A Close Relative'
Marco Rubio isn't sure if he still hates Darth Vader
Ben Carson defends recollection of formative stabbing story
Marco Rubio feels 'a little bit sorry' for Darth Vader
Three generations in three decades: 29-year-old woman becomes grandmother in Argentina
Twitter Rebrands 'Stars' & 'Favorites' to 'Hearts' & 'Likes'
Hearts vs. stars: The ancient symbolism behind Twitter's big change
Star Wars: The Backlash To Twitter Replacing The 'Favorite' Star With A 'Like' Heart
Hearts attack: is Twitter trying to kill its users?
Apache leader who criticized Redskins is sorry for Halloween blackface costume
Boy denied treatment because mum's pants too short, say parents
How climate change could ruin your sex life
Drivers warned against urinating in buses
China artist comes out... as a Frenchman
Barcelona forward Neymar admits he doesn't even like football
Maldives Impeaches VP Accused of Plotting to Kill President
Bindi Irwin has been told she must prove her father is dead before she can get paid by Dancing With The Stars.
School suspends first-grader over imaginary bow and arrow
Marco Rubio wants to drink beer with Malala, who is Muslim and underage
Five-year-old savant from LA who displays signs of being telepathic - and is already learning seven languages - is being studied by scientists after his mother filmed him 'reciting numbers written in secret'
Am I supposed to feel guilty for drinking cow milk? (Got Cruelty)
Study: Religious Kids Are Jerks
How Anime Avatars on Twitter Help Explain Politics Online in 2015
Henrietta Lacks Biography Should Be Banned In Schools, Is Pornographic, According To One Mother
Austrian granny shreds a million euros
Wall Street intern quits finance to become porn star
Ludlow man, angry that his sandwich did not have mayonnaise, charged with strangling woman
Author weighs in on Knoxville mom's push to ban book from schools
Failed attempt to fight bedbugs sparks devastating fire
Man dressed as Tin Man injured in fight with Scarecrow, Cowardly Lion: police
Flatulent goats force jumbo jet to land
Women are never straight - they are either gay or bisexual, study suggests
Man Charged With Stealing Underwear
Miss. Supreme Court rules same-sex divorce legal
Indo-Canadian Soccer Association bans pre-teens from tournaments because team is too diverse
Babcock still calling for bigger nets: 'It's impossible to score'
The Porn industry in California could soon require stars to wear protective goggles
Saints respond to report that military paid team for patriotism
Irish women tweet periods to Enda Kenny in abortion protest
Santa Monica-Malibu Unified School District asked the Sheriff's department to look into some alleged caulk thieves who took samples from classrooms to have them tested for carcinogens
Ben Carson Proposes Separate Bathrooms for Transgender People
Ben Carson's stories of violence in his past questioned
Woman Apologizes for Fire Started by Efforts to Kill Bedbugs
Canada's new defense minister made his own gas mask to work with his sikh beard
University of Connecticut Theoretical Physics Professor Building a Time Travel Machine
Gangnam Style statue built in South Korea's Seoul
LEAKED - VA Staff Playing Human 'Hungry Hungry Hippos' Game
David Cameron Effigy Burned In Lewes For Bonfire Night, Alongside Blatter, Clarkson And The 'Bullingdon Pig'
Man admits to panhandling to avoid work
Effigy of David Cameron and pig's head to burn at Lewes Bonfire night display
Judge tried to bribe FBI agent with beer to get family's text messages
Sweden Tells Refugees `Stay in Germany' as Ikea Runs Out of Beds
'Wyoming Has Gonorrhea' billboard removed after complaints
Mexico's Supreme Court rules that smoking pot is a fundamental human right
Deck of cards decides Florida mayor in Bradenton Beach
Chlamydia outbreak hits abstinence-only Texas high school
Air force base bomb plot foiled by strip club employee
Ozzy Osbourne arrives in San Antonio to apologize for urinating on the Alamo
Bindi Irwin needs to prove dad Steve Irwin is dead for Dancing with the Stars contract: court
Two-year-old toddler denied treatment as his mother's pants was apparently too short
Sweet comet is spewing alcohol across space
Texas high school with chlamydia outbreak has abstinence-only sex ed
Detroit woman accidentally sets fire to building trying to eradicate bedbugs | The Guardian
N.Y. autistic student saves classmate with the help of SpongeBob Squarepants
Largest police union has a 'surprise' planned for Quentin Tarantino
Ben Carson Defends Himself Against Allegations That He Never Attempted to Murder a Child
Man Who Hasn't Showered in 12 Years Makes Us Question Everything We Know About Cleanliness
'Possible terror-attack' was man putting up his curtains
Ben Carson released a rap ad to try to appeal to black voters
Boy, 10, Convicted Of Beating Homeless Man
Want to live in a Brooklyn dumpster for $1200/month? Look no further.
Man jumps off B.C. ferry, swims to shore, winds up naked in stranger's home
Ex-McDonald's CEO Joins Board Of Vegan Burger Company Beyond Meat
Wife gave oral sex in front of shopping centre lifts as their kids looked on.
US Spent $43 Million on Afghanistan Gas Station
If people can't protest peacefully, they shouldn't be allowed to protest at all
Students evacuated after neighbours cooked world's hottest chillies
Ben Carson: God has Intervened in my life 11 Times
REXBURG POLICE RESPOND TO BYUI STUDENT "LAXATIVE POISONING"
Ben Carson defends himself against aligation that he never attempted to murder a child
11 Times God Directly Intervened in Ben Carson's Life According to Ben Carson
Pickering teen retires from toy testing job at age 13
Fast-walking pedestrians get their own sidewalk lanes in Liverpool
"Our goal is for animals to be left in peace to go about their lives." - PETA (who has been widely attributed with over 30,000 animal deaths)
Ben Carson's troubled effort to prove that he was, in fact, a juvenile delinquent
"Our goal is for animals to be left in peace to go about their lives." - PETA
Malala tells Emma Watson she identifies as a feminist, thanks to her.
Most women are bisexual or gay but never straight, study suggests.
Your Tax Dollars Were Spent Injecting Cocaine Into Monkey Brains For No Reason
Woman jailed after taking photos of dog, posting online
Boy with autism says 'SpongeBob' taught him Heimlich
Man laughed life raft off B.C. ferry, jumps in after it, winds up naked in woman's Galiano home
Kenyan Pastor who sucks breasts to "heal" women busted in radio interview
San Diego Cops Keep Forgetting to Turn Their Body Cameras On Before Killing People
'I Went 200 Days Without Buying Anything New. Here's How You Can Do It, Too'
Boy With Autism Saves Classmate With Heimlich, Says He Learned It on 'SpongeBob'
Ben Carson Plummets in Polls Amid Reports He Did Not Stab Anyone
Kangaroo farts not environmentally friendly after all
Ben Carson: America Would Be Cuba If Not For Fox News
Man launches life raft off B.C. ferry, jumps in after it, winds up naked in woman's Galiano home.
Grandma Gives Heirs the Final Middle Finger by Shredding $1.1 Million and Leaving the Scraps on Her Deathbed
Governor: I'll call in National Guard to fight heroin abuse
Maths teacher is convicted of assault for squirting his ex-girlfriend with a water pistol as she screamed 'stop shooting at me'
Policeman cannot use '0INK' license plate: Indiana Supreme Court
"Anarchists" Wearing Sweat Shop Masks Riot For Bigger Government; "Anti-capitalist" protesters use iPhones and Twitter to voice their grievances
Boy with autism saves choking classmate, says 'SpongeBob' taught him Heimlich
The Falco amiibo is exclusive to Blockbuster in Mexico
Rumblr is like a dating app, but for fistfights
Meet the adorable cow that thinks it's a dog
Reddit User Claims He Was Paid to Troll Bernie Sanders Supporters
Newport couple banned from London after shopping centre sex act in front of their children
Chaos on the streets of London: Million Mask March anarchist - in a £500 jacket
Black grad student on hunger strike in Mo. after swastika drawn with human feces
Trained mouse caught smuggling drugs through Brazilian prison
Ozzy Osbourne apologizes for peeing on the Alamo
Woman Attacked For Speaking Foreign Language At Applebee's
Native American leader's 'blackface' for Halloween causes outrage
Man Calls Suicide Hotline - SWAT Team Responds & Kills Him
Man eats toilet paper to avoid DUI
In an embarrassing error, Google Translate invites people to a Clitoris Festival
Sam Smith declares he's straight
Charges: Woman Attacked For Speaking Foreign Language At Applebee's
Minnesota woman smashes Muslim in face with beer mug for speaking Swahili at Applebee's
Macho Meat Shop in Japan wants to flex their way into your heart
National Hot Dog Council Has Spoken: A Hot Dog Is Not a Sandwich
National Hot Dog and Sausage Council Announces Official Policy On 'Hot Dog as Sandwich' Controversy
Stone Cold Steve Austin Wants to QB Cowboys Until Tomorrow Returns
Santorum: I Run Into People All The Time Who Say, "I Didn't Know You Were Running"
Stone Cold Steve Austin Wants to QB Cowboys Until Tony Romo Returns
100 Percent of Woman are 'Either Bisexual or Gay but Never Straight,' Study Claims
Man Bombs Walmart for Not Selling Confederate Flag Anymore
Spanish Town Could File Official Complaint Against Google After Google Translate Mistakenly Promotes 'Clitoris Festival'
St. Charles police respond to raccoon with head stuck in a jar
Top 10 times we saw Cameron squirm like a harpooned eel - Part 1 [Videos, Images]
Ben Carson Insists He Tried to Stab a Guy When He Was 14, Despite Mounting Evidence He's Lying
Revealed: Bill Clinton, Mick Jagger and Donald Trump were in black book of Prince Andrew's sex abuser friend Jeffrey Epstein
Yahoo! Headline: Woman goes 200 days without buying anything new
McVegan: Former McDonald's CEO joining board of Beyond Meat
A Dildo Sabotaged a Charity Bake Sale for Orphans
Scott Walker looking for $1,000 donations to pay back presidential campaign debt
Nobody Takes My Chip Addiction Seriously
Adele Reveals Her Weight Loss Secrets and Why She Quit Smoking!
Seattle Man Forced to Live With Burden of Being Named Taylor Swift
Horse who was punched in Tyne-Wear derby earns promotion to Metropolitan Police
Tiny Baby Goat Stolen From Arizona State Fair, Then Returned
War memorial to be left blank for fear of mistakes
Driver jailed after filming himself driving at 192mph
Walker Sends Out Fundraising Plea In Face Of Debt: Governor Says In Email He Wants To 'End This Campaign In The Black'
Portland Community College Test Question "Rufus is Pimping 3 Girls"
Teenage girl escapes rape attempt in angkot by pretending to be possessed by ghost
Pastor who sucks breasts to "heal" women bust in radio interview
Washington man accused of prostituting dog in exchange for sex with farm animals
Warriors owner implies he had sex with NBA trophy
Russian Orthodox Church to Set Up Own Wi-Fi Network
Town spends $40,000 trying to track down the writer of an anonymous letter
Teen With Autism Saves Friend From Choking at School, Credits 'SpongeBob SquarePants'
How to Clean the Kitchen Rugs
VA wrongly tells veterans they're dead, cuts off benefits
Tony the Tiger Can't Tweet Without Furries Begging Him for Sex
This is really Oniony and does not give a fuck. Never read anything so weird but cool
Annual holiday season battle begins over nativity scenes
Woman hits $8M jackpot, casino claims machine malfunctioned
A Group Is Offering An 'SNL' Audience Member $5,000 To Yell 'Donald Trump Is Racist'
Irish women tweet details of their periods to PM in abortion row
Gamergate Movie in Works With Amy Pascal Producing, Scarlett Johansson Eyed to Star
CenturyLink Loses 37,000 Broadband Customers, Doesn't Care
GamerGate Film in the Works, Scarlett Johansson Eyed to Star
Murder suspect walks free after giving officers false name
World's largest cat painting sells for $826,000 in New York
This neanderthal is trying to be nominated for President of the USA.
Woman says she received 40 bags of fish instead of table ordered on Ebay
This thread has been nuked and locked due to too many ignorant/ edgy racist dumbasses.
'Confederate Veterans Lives Matter' Claims Tulsa Parade 'Unfairly' Denied Float
Lamb sacrifice performed for man days before he was ejected onto freeway sign
Australian man fined for driving a motorized esky fridge | 7 News Report
Massachusetts Woman Gives Birth, Didn't Realize She Was Pregnant
Massachusetts Woman Finds Out She's in Labor After Going to Hospital for Abdominal Pain
Could downtown Visalia tree be a tourist attraction?
A British mad scientist developed a way to trigger earthquakes in World War II
Eastern European women groped by drunk Anfield man who moaned: "You come to my city and then tell me you're offended?"
This isn't clickbait: You shouldn't hate BuzzFeed but should think more about the media
Russian female astronauts asked how they would cope in space without men and makeup
WWE's 'Stone Cold' Steve Austin offers to be the Cowboys quarterback while Tony Romo is out
Baba Ramdev Claims He Has Been Denied The Nobel Prize Because He Is 'Black'
Holy Wi-Fi: Russian Church to offer free, 'clean' internet to al
Woman gives birth one hour after finding out she's pregnant
Viral Video: Emma Watson Inspires Malala To Call Herself A Feminist
Four houses fumigated after students cook world's hottest chilli and it seeped into walls
This is Carter. He knocked on my friend's door to ask if he could have a banana then left.
Teen Who Saved Choking Classmate Says 'Spongebob' Taught Him Heimlich Maneuver
What it's like when your life becomes a meme
anti-redskins campaigner apologizes for black face costume
Armed Robber Killed - Family Complains He was Shot Too Many Times!
Former Junction mayor accused of shoplifting maps, candy at Cabela's [Who rallied for a Ten Commandments Display, link to that story in comments]
Is a hot dog a sandwich? Council rules once for all
NFL trademark appeal targets Big City Coffee shop in Boise, Idaho
Using "Canadian" as a derogatory term in Australia will not be tolerated anymore
Regulators Want To Make Uber Drivers Wait 5 Minutes Because They Are Too Efficient
Drug boss sentenced to jail asks for extra day in prison
cheap jordan shoes ...Congratulations fortune
Battle over giant bottles of ranch dressing reaches U.S. appeals court
Starbucks Accused of Joining 'War on Christmas' With New Red Cups: 'This Denies The Hope of Jesus Christ'
Rexburg man accused of selling nude pics of minor girlfriend for vape supplies
Ben Carson's house: an homage to himself - in pictures
Detroit Nearly Had a Murder-Free Week
Detroit was 45 minutes short of a good week
Kangaroo farts may not be so eco-friendly after all
Christians Are Super Offended By The New Starbucks Red Cup Design
Anupam Kher: Nobody has right to call India an intolerant country
Veteran Chinese Soccer Pundit Fired After Falling Asleep and Snoring During Televised Match
Russian Orthodox church to offer porn-free and 'pure' Wi-Fi
Baby Bites venomous snake, kills it.
'Bernie's Briefs' offering Sanders-themed skivvies
Johnny Depp to Voice Lead in 'Sherlock Gnomes,' Sequel to 'Gnomeo and Juliet'
9-year-old trick-or-treater punched in the face; suspect admits he was high on LSD
Kangaroo farts won't save the world
Sex Toys Listed as Public Assets by Kenyan Government Department
9-year-old trick-or-treater punched in the face; suspect Leonard Carter Jr admits he was high on LSD
"Horrendous" Levels of Corruption in Kenya - Sex Toys Listed as Public Assets
Maths Teacher Convicted Of Assault For Squirting Ex-Girlfriend With Water Pistol
Flight Logs Put Clinton, Dershowitz on Pedophile Billionaire's Sex Jet
Lawyers Wage Campaign to End Lawyer Jokes
Alabama Education Official Warns Of 'Homosexualist' Common Core Takeover
/r/nottheonion lock and delete 1500 comments about EU immigrant crisis
Ithaca College Prof. at Cornell Lecture: Agriculture is 'Capitalist Racialized Patriarchy'
"We, the weird people": Petitioning the White House
Court demands proof that the late 'Crocodile Hunter' is dead
Colorado Mayor Who Put Ten Commandments Monument Outside City Hall Arrested for Shoplifting
The Jeffrey Epstein Affair Imperils Hillary Clinton's Presidential Prospects
Yale Students Demand Resignations from Faculty Members Over Halloween Email
Denver Deploys Riot Police to Demolish Tiny Homes For the Homeless
Crypto e-mail service pays $6,000 ransom, gets taken out by DDoS anyway
First marijuana gas station "Gas & Grass" opens in Colorado
Florida man bites dog: attack on canine leads to yearlong prison sentence
Controversial New App Rumblr Lets You Find Opponents For Random Streetfights
tung by last debate, Bush says he's prepping less for next one
Neo-Nazi child molester declares support for Donald Trump
Atung by last debate, Bush says he's prepping less for next one
Ben Carson may have fabricated a story about being the 'most honest' student while at Yale
Spiteful Granny Shreds Fortune To Screw Family: Prosecutor
Scott Walker asks supporters for help in paying off campaign debt
Maldives vice president arrested in connection to explosion on president's speedboat
Details on Bill Clinton's ride on pedophile's 'Lolita Express' sought
The Falco Amiibo is Exclusive to Blockbuster Video in Mexico
Judge unseals more details in Jeffrey Epstein underage sex lawsuit
World Curling Federation temporarily bans controversial new broom
Prince Andrew under renewed pressure to speak about 'sex abuse' claims after flight logs emerge
Dave Mustaine confuses periscope app for personal mirror, accidently live streams entire day
South African student steals bus to get to final year exam
Beaverton woman hit $8M jackpot, gets no money
Ben Carson's Home Is an Eerie Homage to Ben Carson
Hold on to your skinny jeans! JNCO is back
Jeffrey Epstein: The Sex Offender Who Mixes With Princes and Premiers
Cat yoga is like going to the gym with the most judgmental people who've ever lived
Hypocrite Ben Carson Caught Lying About Receiving Award For "Honesty"
Starbucks Busts out the Red Holiday Cups and Christians are Threatening to Boycott
WAR ON CHRISTMAS: STARBUCKS RED CUPS ARE EMBLEMATIC OF THE CHRISTIAN CULTURE CLEANSING OF THE WEST
Poppy Bush finally Gives Junior a Spanking
The War on Christmas Cups
Arkansas Coach Bret Bielema Said He Was Going To 'Hop On His Wife' After Big Win Vs Ole Miss
Straight outta Carson: Republican candidate releases campaign rap - audio
PHOENIX LEADS NATION IN MORONS SHINING LASERS AT AIRPLANES
France : gay men can donate their blood if they haven't sex since 12 months
George R.R. Martin didn't think Game of Thrones would catch up to the books
Wolf Administration, General Assembly Reach Five-Party Framework Agreement on Horse, Harness Racing
Pastor's wife's rap career
Campbell Brown's Horrific Dog Story
Court says Bindi must prove dad dead before 'DWTS' deal approved
Your Tax Dollars Were Spent Injecting Cocaine Into Monkey Brains For No Reason; Fish were given cocaine, monkeys ate meth, rabbits received LSD and mice took morphine
109-Year-Old Woman Said Secret To Long Life Is Avoiding Men
Disabled Turkey Hunt Set for April 23rd
Bible-thumping AL education official goes bonkers over 'homosexualist Muslim feminist' Common Core
Cruz: 'Any President Who Doesn't Begin Every Day On His Knees Isn't Fit To Be Commander-In-Chief Of This Nation'
Ben Carson's house: a homage to himself...in pictures
Woman gives birth one hour after discovering she's pregnant.
Gang rape of Australian teen gets caught on camera
Odd new exercise trend emerges in China as residents crawl on all fours
Did 'Snow White' behead St. Francis statue at Hillsboro school?
Government Owned ISP Runs a Public Torrent Tracker
A world with no IRS? Really?
Gay Man Seeks Right To Marry His Adopted Son
Saudi couple beat 'illegitimate' baby to death
Jeremy Corbyn criticised for not bowing deeply enough at Cenotaph
Man fought until death instead of claiming $766,000 due him
Beached in Brazil, a Young Penguin Finds His Human Soul Mate
Bangs at Birmingham silent fireworks display 'upset children' - BBC News
Bangs at Birmingham silent fireworks display 'upset children'
Fact Check: Pro-hot dog group says it's not a sandwich
Thailand Wins 'Ig Nobel' Distinction for Bribing Cops not to Take Bribes
Finally, a Lane for Those Irked by Slow Walkers
Autistic boy saves classmate from choking thanks to SpongeBob
Liverpool shopping mall introduces 'fast lanes' to combat pedestrian gridlock
More Girl Scout troops hike cookies to $5 a box
Chesapeake Police: Man stabs himself, charges may be pending
Christian evangelists claim Starbucks fanned 'war on Christmas' with minimalist holiday red coffee cups
Shaq says he'll dress up as a cheerleader if the Cowboys miss the playoffs
Lindsey Vonn injures thumb breaking up fight between dogs
Vonn injures thumb breaking up fight between dogs
Collect them all: Download a set of Trudeau cabinet trading cards
24/7 'drive-thru' service to report minor accidents launched in Dubai
Fox News Poll: Carson only honest and trustworthy candidate
Some Christians Are Super Offended By The New Starbucks Red Cup Design
"War on Christmas" Brewing Over Starbucks' Holiday Red Cups
Legally blind barber awarded $100k for wrongful termination
Boy arrested over TalkTalk hacking sues newspapers for privacy breach
The Biggest Challenge Facing Musicians at Shows: Audiences Clapping With Bad Rhythm
Palestinian Soccer Tournament Named After Terrorist Who Murdered 2 Israelis, Wounded Mother and Baby
NYU students offended by Halloween decorations
Gay Couple Can't Get Married Because They're Legally Father And Son
Plane Makes Emergency Landing Due To 2,000 Farting Sheep
Egypt plane crash: Airport security rethink 'may be needed'
Political Group Will Give Larry David $5000 For Calling Donald Trump A Racist On 'SNL'
Jeremy Corbyn criticised for not bowing deeply enough at Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday
Grass-eating man sparks chaotic chase
Thousands of People Online Sign Petition, "Phil Collins Must Be Stopped"
Christian evangelists upset with Starbucks' red cups
Ray Rice Hopes to Work for the NFL to Raise Awareness for Domestic Violence
12-Foot Alligator Captured at Houston-Area Shopping Center
Taiwanese volunteers that give handjobs to disabled people
Petition launched to stop Phil Collins' musical comeback
Dick Cheney To Be Immortalized With Statue in US Capitol
Silent fireworks' display was too noisy, say parents
Native American Leader Who Opposes the Term 'Redskins' Poses in Blackface
Google Translate Turns Culinary Festival Into 'Clitoris Festival'
Christian group slams Starbucks holiday cup as 'war on Christmas'
Area man hospitalized after assault with table leg
New sculpture of the Queen does not look like Tom Hanks, artist's spokesman states
Police Searching for Quadruple Amputee in Murder of Florida Couple
Man hospitalized after assault with table leg
Obsessing over the perfect social media post is ruining your life, study says
Hidden Poop Joke Found in 17th-Century Art Owned By Queen Elizabeth
Russia putting world peace at risk, US says | GulfNews.com
Burqa-clad Turkish 'suicide bomber' turns out to be lover in disguise
England's 'Tree of the Year' to be cut down for HS2 line
Ann Coulter Thinks She's Native Because She Descended From Settlers
Playstation pervert caught pleasuring himself over games console in front of stunned shoppers
Several Smart Cars in Denver flipped over
Giant 'Sinkhole' Swallows Over Dozen Cars at Mississippi International House of Pancakes - NBC News
Someone Just Paid $826,000 for the Greatest Cat Painting of All Time
Chlamydia rampant at Texas abstinence-only high school
Ray Rice hopes to work for NFL, raise awareness of domestic violence
Guy Caught Pleasuring Himself Over A Playstation In Front Of Shoppers
Some Christians Are Extremely Unhappy About Starbucks' New Holiday Cups
Boy's dad viciously attacks student... for beating his son at a computer game
Mike Babcock, coach of 2nd last place Maple Leafs, wants NHL to use bigger nets
At least 100 students are caught up in a Colorado school 'sexting ring' bust
Rumblr, the 'Tinder for Fighting' app, to launch beta Nov. 9
A new Taliban breakaway group claims support for peace and women's rights
Apache leader apologizes for wearing Bob Marley costume
50 Cent Says That Bullet Lodged in His Tongue Is Great for Oral Sex
UFO scares are the price we pay for secret missile tests, expert says
Reggie Bush to sue St. Louis
ee the softer side of Nancy Grace on new HLNTV.com cooking show Nov. 9
Mom Upset Over Son's Homework on Drinking, Sex, Herpes
Missouri's pace of executions poised to slow: 'They've run out of people to kill'
Defense Laughs Off Monkey Selfie Suit
Quadruple Amputee Suspect in Murder of Parents
Giant sinkhole swallows International House of Pancakes parking lot
Reggie Bush to sue city of St. Louis over injury suffered vs. Rams
10 Reasons Why I LOVE Being an Uber Driver in Los Angeles
Abbie Coombs becomes victim to bizarre rubber duck stalking campaign
Ben Carson's radio rap ad
Police: Man identified after being fatally shot by home security salesman
Now You Can Anonymously Send Participation Trophies to Every Single Person You Hate
Playstation 4: Man Caught In Electronics Store Pleasuring Himself Over New Console
Slain 9-year olds mom buys car with donations, dad sells t-shirts
Bachmann: Jesus is 'coming soon'
They may smell but farts can fight CANCER plus other killer diseases
Drunk Cleveland Browns fan has 9 year old neighbor drive him to the store for BBQ sauce, gets arrested
Russia putting world peace at risk, US says
SAPD: Security salesman accused of shooting, killing man in Stone Oak
Drunk Buckeyes Fan (And Browns Fan) Has 9-Year-Old Drive To Store For BBQ Sauce
Police investigating multiple Smart Cars tipped in Denver
Robin Williams' will prevents use of outtakes for 'Aladdin' sequel
New York Times introduces sausage rolls to Americans. Confusion reigns
Toddler bites, kills poisonous snake he found in his backyard
Black grad student on hunger strike...after swastika drawn with human feces
There's Now A Tinder Style App For People Who Want To Fight For No Reason
Dell, HP support agents advise callers to ditch Windows 10 Financial Spots
Dell, HP support agents advise callers to ditch Windows 10
Gas & Grass: Colorado Pot Shop Opens Gas Station
On Day Of Funeral, Family Learns Body Was Already Buried - In Wrong Grave
Dying man marries sex doll to fulfil dream wedding minus grieving widow
Woman celebrates 100th birthday by going viral
Lakewood Ranch science teacher arrested on meth charges
NYU students upset about 'suicide imagery' in Halloween decorations
Everyone's waiting to see if Rumblr, the 'Tinder for fighting' app, is real
More Mysterious Ufo's Being Spotted Ove Los Angeles, Are we Being Invaded?
General Counsel for Al Jazeera America Appears to Be Unlicensed
Massive Sinkhole Swallows Dozens Of Cars At I-Hop
Man who survived in outback by eating ants recounts ordeal
Iran Slams Saudi Arabia For Executing Its Citizen
Can a Sommelier hold working even as Pregnant? One pro Weighs In
'Funeral directors dropped my husband's coffin and ran off after lid broke open' claims horrified widow
Woodburn Man Arrested for Exposing Himself to Teen Girls
The (Unknown) Inventor of Bitcoin Nominated For the Nobel Prize in Economics
We'll be Having $ex With Robots In 10 Years, Doctors Predict!
Police: Drunk man arrested for opening fire on group of Civil War reenactors
WA auditors guess govt database passwords on first attempt
ISIL frees 37 Assyrian Christians in Syria
Azerbaijan set to ban sorcery
Starbucks 'removed Christmas from their cups because they hate Jesus,' Christian says in viral Facebook video
Indians to sue Queen of England for return of the Kohinoor diamond
Uber offering horse and buggy rides to protest regulations
Man in niqab claims he was only cheating on his wife, is not a suicide bomber
Police impound goats draped in dresses
Starbucks hates Jesus, pastor says, as red cups brew up a controversy
Hero dog "Maggie' saves baby from Chicago park dumpster
Mother of murdered Chicago boy, 9, fuels outrage after buying new car
Russian Orthodox Church to launch own Wi-Fi network
Extreme right-wing pastor says parents should drown children before they let them read Harry Potter
"Religious liberty" advocate Ted Cruz says atheists aren't fit to be president
Man has hand cut off in street attack in Essex
Waiters Serve Jeb A Heaping Portion Of Metal For Breakfast
Some Genius Has Made an App to Help Angry Douchebags Fight Each Other | VICE | United Kingdom
Chelsea Manning "feels like a freak" with 2-inch prison haircut, sues Army
Michele Bachmann Claims There's Violence In Israel Because Jesus Is 'Coming Soon'
Arkansas Head Coach and Wife arrested after big win over Ole miss - found naked in the bushes
Indonesia plans crocodile-guarded prison island for drug convicts
Germany To Lower Educational Standards For Benefit Of Migrants
Florida cop shows up too wasted to accept award for DUI arrests from mothers against drunk driving
Better to drown children than let them read 'homosexual' Harry Potter, says extreme right-wing pastor
Rapper Turned ISIS Pitchman Deso Dogg Killed In U.S. Airstrike
"Ben Carson displays achievements, portraits throughout home" (Onionyness from picture of carved-in-stone misspelled Bible verse about humility, under a self-portriat)
Refunds over 'silent' Birmingham Botanical Gardens fireworks noise
Deutsche Bank Is Sorry It Violated U.S. Sanctions Laws 27,000 Times
Pat Robertson Says God Will Hit U.S. With 'Financial Collapse' Because Of LGBT Rights
'Satanic' Toddlers Pissed Off a San Francisco Restaurant Owner
Miley Cyrus-licked piano sold for $50k
Starbucks' red cups criticized by evangelists for non traditional festive design
Study says cats would kill you if they were bigger
Saudi Arabia releases 50 names parents are forbidden from calling their children, such as Linda, Alice and Elaine
Researchers Prove Tin Foil Hats Boost Receptivity To Government Signals
best portable iphone charger
Dying man wanted to marry but didn't want to leave a widow. So he did THIS Man with terminal cancer marries sex doll so he doesn't leave a grieving widow
Deputy too drunk to receive Mothers Against Drunk Driving award
Couple calls 911 reports possums and people jumping out of fridge.
Religious children are meaner than their secular counterparts, study finds
Texan Man's 'Beer Gut' Turns Food Into Alcohol Due To Rare Auto-brewery Syndrome
People upset with Starbucks' red cups came up with a bizarre way to fight back
American Pharoah named to Forward 50 list of 2015's most influential Jews
Fight nearby strangers with new Rumblr app
Couple calls 911, reports possums, people jumping out of fridge, report says
Deputy too drunk to get Mothers Against Drunk Driving award
How Russia's Most Notorious Artist Convinced His Interrogator to Switch Sides
Florida Deputy too drunk to receive Mothers Against Drunk Driving award
India sues the Queen for return of 'stolen' £100m diamond
Sweden: Jews not invited to Kristallnacht commemoration because they might "feel unwelcomed"
Deputy too drunk to receive Mothers Against Drunk Drive award
Busta Rhymes Pleads Guilty To Throwing Muscle Milk At Gym Employee
Nigerian president sacks head of anti-corruption agency Ibrahim Lamorde without giving reason.
Donald Trump gives SNL its biggest ratings in years
Florida deputy showed up 'staggeringly drunk' to get an award from Mothers Against Drunk Driving
Deputy too drunk to receive Mothers Against Drunk Drivers award
Bernie Sanders Finds an Unlikely Prospective Intern in Turing's Martin Shkreli
Mariah Carey Playing Commissioner Gordon In 'The Lego Batman Movie'
Pharma Frat Bro, Bernie Sanders Troll Each Other With Intern Application
Exclusive: Feds Investigate Hobby Lobby Boss for Illicit Artifacts
Cross-dressing Chinese man with selfie stick arrested at Japan spa
Rumblr is the Tinder-style app set to make Fight Club a reality
Rubio: "Rape Victims Should Be In Custody If There Is Suspicion That They're Planning Abortion"
Look inside new Liverpool secret bar - accessed through a red telephone box
Rumblr: The 'Tinder for fighting' website that allows users to arrange real-life brawls is set for launch
Mariah Carey in talks to play Commissioner Gordon in Lego Batman movie
Mom for rent: $40 buys you an hour of motherly care and judgment-free advice
Woman who posted selfie with barcode on Melbourne Cup ticket had $825 winnings stolen
Sergio Ramos no orgasm personally during el clasico but almost
Online bingo addict jailed for murdering elderly uncle
Fans at speedway ignore NASCAR requests not to fly Confederate flags
Indonesia drugs: Crocodiles 'to guard death row prisons'
Packers fan goes to police after Cam Newton steals his $500
Mystery artist in Islamabad draws penises around potholes so the city will fix them
Medical group says no armed men in hospital attacked by US
School Bus Driver Fired After Being Recorded Having Sex On Bus
Starbucks' plain red holiday cups stir up controversy
Dad who strangled girlfriend before putting his foot on her throat until she passed out told to go on relationship building course
As School Meals Have Gotten Healthier, 1.4 Million Students Drop Out of School Lunch Program
Woman wanted for sex abuse after twerking on man in gas station
Real Madrid's Sergio Ramos on El Clasico: "It has never made me orgasm... but nearly!
Ground swallows dozen cars in Mississippi
Mission Restaurant Turned Strip Club Turned Food Storage Place Runs Afoul Of Health Department
IHOP parking lot swallows 15 cars in Mississippi
Jeb: 'Hell yeah' I'd kill baby Hitler
Man Attacks Car, Capsicum, Cop At Capitol Hill Garage
Jeb Bush: 'Hell yeah' I'd kill baby Hitler'
Officer showed up to a Mothers Against Drunk Driving conference in Fort Lauderdale so drunk that he could not even walk straight.
Jeb Bush On Whether He'd Kill Baby Hitler: 'Hell Yeah, I Would!'
Swedish police investigate 'explosion,' find shirtless man hanging curtains
Jeb Bush says "you gotta step up" and kill baby Hitler
NYU law student groups protest Halloween party's "suicide imagery"
'Hundreds' Of Teens Found Sexting At A Single School And Everyone Seems Unsure Of How To Proceed
Chinese university bans students from holding hands, spoon-feeding
Rumblr, a New App Dubbed 'Tinder for Fighting,' Set for Beta Test Launch
Man with terminal cancer marries sex doll so he doesnt leave a grieving widow
Jeb Bush Would Time Travel and Kill Baby Hitler if Given the Chance
There Is Now A Sadistic Tinder For Fist-fighting Called Rumblr
Huffington Post - Ron Johnson: Deporting Kids To Honduras Is OK Because It's 'A Beautiful Country'
Couple arrested after calling 911 to report people, opossums in their refrigerator
'Feminism is another word for equality': Malala
Woman busted for prostitution after handing out business cards
Caution, Netanyahu Team: President Obama Knows Key Hebrew Negotiating Terms
Ben Carson is about to crack: He thinks his biography is the Bible - immune to fact-checking
Believing in Ben Carson's pyramid theory doesn't make you a moron. Seriously.
Christians Angry Over Starbucks' Minimalist Holiday Cup Design
Crocodiles to guard death row prisoners in Indonesia. "Crocodiles can't be bribed"
Now Threatening Edinburgh's World Heritage Status: A Building That Looks Like a Turd
A 28-year-old man is dead and another seriously injured after they were hit by a car while riding downhill inside a shopping trolley.
Christians Upset At Starbucks Are Saying That Their Name Is 'Merry Christmas'
Morbidly obese 800-pound man, 33, is kicked out of hospital after ordering a pizza and is now living in his father's SUV
Florida Man, who is also a cop, shows up too 'wasted' to accept award for DUI arrests from Mothers Against Drunk Driving
Dating app known for quick hookups brings awareness to STDs. 'Aggressive Advertising'
UNREAL: Swedish Jews Not Allowed To Attend Kristallnacht Event For Fear Of Muslim And "Anti-Israel" Violence.
Putin Is So Mad At Ukraine That He's Bombing Syria
Starbucks accused of 'War on Christmas' with new cup design
Trump Vows to Fight Against the 'War on Christmas'
Senator Named 'Most Corrupt' Now Campaigning On Ethics Reform
Arrest Made After Machete Fight Leaves Man With Amputated Hand
Officer showed up drunk at Mothers Against Drunk Driving awards ceremony.
Man killed during 80km/h shopping trolley ride in Randwick
A decade into a project to digitize U.S. immigration forms, just 1 is online
Sanders reluctantly accepts 'grumpy' label
Police launch sexual consent campaign comparing rape to forcing people to drink cups of tea
Jeb Bush: 'Hell yeah' I'd kill baby Adolf Hitler
Report: Officer showed up drunk at MADD awards ceremony
HOMICIDE SUSPECT TRIES TO TURN SELF IN, JAIL TURNS HIM AWAY
Women accused of sexual abuse after forcibly twerking on man
Sen. Tom Cotton: Social Security benefits cause people to 'spiral downward' into heroin addiction
Mathematicians prove the triviality of English
Chelsea Manning suing army because she 'feels like a freak and a weirdo' over two-inch prison haircut
Aggressive Advertising - STD ad brings awareness about STDs and links dating app known for NSA love.
Man killed during 80kmh shopping trolley ride in Sydney
CAUGHT ON CAMERA: 2 women grope, grind on man in DC convenience store
Hyperlinks to Get Copyright Protection In Europe!
'Hidden castle' builder given suspended prison sentence
Insanely Spicy Chili Caused the Evacuation of Four Homes
Indonesia plans to use crocodiles to guard death row drug convicts
Professor: Whites at fault for all black on black crime
Clip-on man buns aren't a joke, but we wish they were
Jeb Bush says he'd kill 'baby Hitler' if he could travel in time
Is Ben Carson Lying About Reading Psychology Today as a Teen?
Stop Everything: The Clip-In Man Bun Is Here
Man arrested for showing up to Civil War reenactment with real shotgun.
Missouri Protestors Bully A Student Photographer and Refuse To Let Him Take Their Pictures During Their Public Protest
University officials agree to rip up "triggering" Constitution in undercover video
NSA Says it Will End Bulk Data Collection This Month
Tommy Wiseau wants to remake The Room in 3D
8-year-old caught trying to smoke pot
Portland campaign encourages violent crime witnesses to come forward
Russian Police Find Half a Ton of Caviar in Speeding Hearse (Video)
Starbucks's Red Holiday Cups Inspire Outcry Online
Washington, D.C. Cops On Hunt For Convenience Store Twerker And Her Handsy Accomplice
Trudeau Trying To 'Excise' Images Of Queen, Worries Monarchist League Of Canada
Swedish Jews Excluded From Kristallnacht Remembrance Over Security Fears
SAE fraternity at Yale University accused of hosting 'white girls only' party
Woman tries to run over husband in case of lawn-raking rage, police say
Auction canceled after no one offers serious bid for Spanish king's Ferraris
Groupon Has a Deal for Clip In Man Buns Right Now-Buy Them and Burn Them All
Michele Bachmann ends Israel tour with call for Jews to convert to Christianity, says Jesus is 'coming soon'
Gay Ugandans regret fleeing to Kenya
Some of you guys better sue.
Woman Calling for "Muscle" To Block Reporter From Mizzou Demonstrations Is a Professor of Mass Media
Comcast resets nearly 200,000 passwords after customer list goes on sale
Couple calls 911 due to rodents and people coming out of their kitchen appliances
Russell Westbrook claims he has never heard of Lil B, the rapper says Westbrook looks like a sandwich - ESPN
Mom of murdered nine-year-old uses his gogfundme funeral money to buy car.
Indonesia proposes crocodile-guarded prison island to house death-row drug convicts
Cows officially the most deadly large animals in Britain
Native American "Redskins are racist" Activist Wears Blackface for Halloween
some college kids caused the evacuation of four homes after trying to cook 'the world's hottest chili(x-post /r/spicy)
Pamela Anderson posts nude photo, claims she's cured of hepatitis C
Woman finds bizarre 'alien' creature in her garden
Mizzou Communications Prof Calls for 'Muscle' Against Student Journalist
Meet The Mizzou Media Professor Who's Trying To Ban Media Coverage
Missouri Communications Professor Yelled for Muscle to Expel Media, Days After Begging for Coverage
'My cab driver fell asleep': Taxi industry's social media campaign backfires
MARIAH CARREY 'In Talks' to PLAY COMMISSIONER GORDON In LEGO BATMAN MOVIE
Jeb Bush: 'Hell yeah I would' kill baby Hitler
NBC must now give every presidential candidate the 12 minutes it gave Donald Trump
Florida cop too drunk to accept award for DUI arrests
Eighth-Graders In Ohio Public School Allegedly Taught Marriage Prevents STDs
'Confederate Veterans Lives Matter' group files 'discrimination' complaint after city rejects parade float
Swedish man killed in Sydney shopping trolley crash
Goat flatulence forces Singapore airline #SQ7108 to make emergency landing
Boy Beaten Almost to Death for Taking Piece of Cake
After the Second World War, Canada thought it would be a good idea to install cardboard sewer pipes
9-year-old boy in Md. allegedly handcuffed, beaten near death for taking a piece of birthday cake
Baptist fireworks killed my cow, claims farmer
Pregnant woman throws cellphone at boyfriend because he ate all her Oreo cookies and left her with cravings
Pantless French man attacks protesters with a shovel, becomes internet sensation
Man disguised in burka says he is not terrorist, just cheating on his wife
Man, 74, needs ambulance after taking two Viagras for night of passion
GISELE BUNDECHEN'S $700 COFFEE TABLE BOOK IS..SOLD OUT
Donald Trump Suggests Starbucks Boycott Over Design of Holiday Cups
Aussie model throws tantrum after getting only 14 likes on Instagram
Tommy Wiseau wants to remake The Room in 3D, has designed new underwear
Frenchman held after snorting mashed potato
Top 10 Fears of 2015.
Countdown champion travelled 500 miles to Scotland to bottle a teenage Asda shelf-stacker - because she gave his book a bad review online
Author Richard Brittain attacked reviewer with bottle
Tommy Wiseau has plans to remake The Room in 3D
A road safety officer wants you to take your eyes off your crotch
Sony Announces It Will Stop Producing Betamax Tapes in March 2016
Drug Lord Caught Because His Girlfriend Brought Him Birthday Cake
Would Jeb Bush kill the baby Adolf Hitler given the chance? 'Hell yeah!'
Tinder owner hoping $3.1bn float will woo investors
Man flies around the Statue of Liberty on a jetpack
Tourist Dies In Sydney Shopping Trolley Ride
Man who encouraged child rape on adult chatline fails in appeal after claiming behaviour was 'reasonable'
Butt moulds in the shape of The Beatles' asses to be installed on Plymouth Hoe
Australia bans certain Nerf guns because they are "too powerful"
Bush says he'd kill 'baby Hitler' if he could travel in time
POLICE SEARCHING FOR TWO WOMEN WHO BEGAN TWERKING ON STRANGER
Drone Video: IHOP Parking Lot Collapses, Swallowing Cars
Betamax is officially dead, Sony to stop production of Betamax tape cassettes.
Jewish community in Sweden not invited to Kristallnacht commemoration
Egypt to Ben Carson: no, the pyramids were not for storing grain
Ex - Countdown Champion Bottled a Woman Who Gave His Book a Bad Review
Fan gets Jeremy Corbyn's face tattooed on his back
Betamax is dead, Sony to stop production of Betamax tape cassettes
Betamax is dead, long live VHS
Rumblr app lets users connect to fight
Cops called on parents for putting child in the "trunk" of their tesla.
Fisherman shot at during a benefit for a fisherman who was shot and killed.
North Korea Is Out of Kimchi
A Building That Resembles a Turd Is Threatening Edinburgh's World Heritage Status
Why Ben Carson's claim that he stabbed someone is so key to his appeal to white America
Swedish Anti-Nazi Activists Fail to Invite Jews to Kristallnacht Rally
Trump Suggests Boycotting Starbucks Over Christmas Cups
UN examines Australia's forced sterilisation of women with disabilities
Asda worker bottled by Countdown champion in store
US Soccer bans headers among U10 age group
Retro video format Betamax finally dies
Sony says goodbye to Betamax tapes
Donald Trump suggests a boycott of Starbucks and its plain red cups
Mizzou Protesters: Stay Out of Our 'Safe Space' or We'll Call the Cops
Australia to ban certain nerf guns as too powerful
'Worst game ever' found buried in New Mexico desert
Police looking for twerking suspects
Simon Jones appointed as wiccamical prebendary
Cop Got Too Wasted To Accept Mothers Against Drunk Driving Award
New report: In tough times, police start seizing a lot more stuff from people
Crayola launches line of adult coloring books
Indonesia plans prison guarded by crocodiles for drug convicts
Curious tiger shark declines to eat divers in Florida
Sony is finally killing Betamax
Sony finally kills Betamax 13 years after it last made a player
Beatles' butts to be immortalsed immortalized on Plymouth Hoe.
Teenager bottled by ex-Countdown champion for giving his book bad review
Canadian Federal Judge Robin Camp investigated after asking alleged sex assault victim 'couldn't you just keep your knees together?'
Scriba highway superintendent-elect faces DWI charge; what if he can't drive his roads?
Take-Two sends private investigators to GTA5 modder's home
Framed pictures, T-shirts and jockstraps: inside the Rentboy liquidation sale
Crayola Now Has Its Own Line of Coloring Books For Adults
Union boss's tattoo of parents was paid for with work credit card
What's a midlife crisis?
University of Missouri sends out a campus-wide email encouraging students to call the police if someone says something hurtful to them.
Bradenton woman charged with shoplifting concealed Xanax pills in her buttocks
Former countdown champion bottled woman in ASDA after she gave his book a bad review.
Courtroom sketch artist apologizes for making Tom Brady look like E.T.
Would Jeb kill baby Hitler? 'Hell yeah, I would!'
Mizzou PD asks students to report 'hateful and/or hurtful' speech
Ted Cruz will never "Let It Go": The right-wing's insane new fear of "Frozen"
Mussel farmers to test drones against sea ducks
Police officer acquitted after shooting dead unarmed man lying face down in the snow.
University of Missouri Police Ask Students to Report 'Hurtful Speech'
New Hampshire Water Park Founder Chains Himself to Waterslide to Save Business
Right-Wing Summit: God To Punish Fans Of Frozen's 'Let It Go' As It's 'Satan's Rebellion Anthem'
"Candlelight vigil" created for Meridian IHOP
Pedophile Pleaded The Fifth When Asked If He Was Friends With Bill Clinton
UK store posts job ad for 'Christmas Light Untangler'
Indonesia plans to build a prison island surrounded by crocodiles because they cannot be bribed
So Many Feels: Fleek, Mx., Sapiosexual, Yaaas & More New Words Added To Dictionary.com
Media must use "StopHillary" Wi-Fi password at tonight's Republican debate
Chicago mom defends herself after using donations intended for murdered son's funeral to buy car
Man dies and another is seriously injured in shopping trolley accident in Sydney.
Bicyclist accused of 'butt touching' women on CMU's campus
Police Jet-Packs Are Here And Crocodiles Could Guard Drug Inmates
Florida Man kills imaginary best friend and demands the death penalty after turning himself in
GOP debate: Reporters must type 'Stop Hillary' as WiFi password
Shia LeBoeuf is watching all his movies in an NYC theater, right now
Police Seek Twerkers Accused of Sexual Assault
There Are 1,584 People In America Named 'Seven'
Police: Man Left Porn On Lawns In Berlin, Southington For Years
You Can Livestream Shia LaBeouf Binge Watch All of His Movies For 72 Straight Hours
Philly Jesus launches $70M campaign to fund new global ministry
Kelly Osbourne narrowly avoids putting new puppy in washing machine
Trump Suggests Starbucks Boycott Over Holiday Cups
Missouri Meltdown Continues: Campus Police Want Emergency Reports on 'Hurtful Speech'
BNN Chief Envisions Drug Prison-Island Surrounded by Crocodiles
Bus Driver Caught Pleasuring Himself With Bus Seats, Gets Suspended
Holy smokes! Snoop Dogg launches line of cannabis products
British Writer Tracks Down Teen Who Gave His Book a Bad Review, Smashes Her With Wine Bottle
Indonesia plans prison island guarded by crocodiles for drug convicts
Women caught on camera 'twerking' on stranger wanted for sex abuse
KKK Sends Candy To Gresham Residents, Seeks New Members
Crazed writer bottles teenager for giving his BOOK a bad review
Hair trend for men: Clip-in man buns...Yes really.
Sony finally kills off Betamax
Teenager bottled by ex-Countdown champion for giving his book bad review: "I could have died"
NYPD to Ticket Jaywalking Queens Pedestrians for Their Own Safety, Pols Say
New Hampshire Water Park Founder Chains Himself to Water Slide to Save Business. The founder of New Hampshire's Liquid Planet Water Park has chained himself to a 30-foot slide.
This Woman Free-Bled Outside Parliament To Protest Tampons Being Taxed As 'Luxury Items'
Man dies in Australia after 50-mph ride in shopping cart that crashed into an oncoming car
New Email At Mizzou Orders Students To Call The Police If They're Offended
Trudeau considers re-muzzling scientists after 3 hour conversation about rare seaweed
Denmark Tells Bernie Sanders It's Had Enough Of His 'Socialist' Slurs
Gaza: Hitler 2 clothing store puts Palestinian knife-wielding mannequins on display.
Pornhub offers sponsorship to Italian football team for one year
Cops watched porn, skipped work instead of investigating missing women: Officer
Florida cop turns up drunk to collect Mothers Against Drunk Driving award
Indonesia orangutans attacked by villagers after fleeing fires
Couple arrested after calling 911 to report people, opossums in refrigerator
Jewish Community Excluded From Swedish 'Anti-Nazi' Holocaust Kristallnacht Commemoration
Missouri Hunger Strike Student Jonathan Butler Speaks Out And Seeks Further Action For Equality
Used Public Transportation as Toilet 64 Times
Florida Cop Suspended for Showing Up Drunk to Mothers Against Drunk Driving Banquet
Privileged Yale safe space girl's hobbies include world travel, wants to visit 3/4 of all countries in the world; was on committee that appointed Master she screamed at, "who the fuck hired you!?"
Women wanted for twerking on man!
Joshua Feuerstein started a bullshit "war" and ended up helping Starbucks.
On-duty Fla. cop too 'wasted' to receive Mothers Against Drunk Driving award
South Dakota Tribe burns crop for 'marijuana resort'
Countdown champion travelled 500 miles to bottle a teenager in the head after she gave his book a bad review
Santorum Says Debating With Laryngitis Akin to Michael Jordan's 'Flu Game'
NFL player under investigation for taunting a dog, could face up to 7 years in prison
Company Selling Man Buns For Those Who Can't Grow Their Own
France won't dine with Iran unless wine is served
Two women wanted after twerking, groping on D.C. man.
Ray-Ray Armstrong Investigated for Allegedly Taunting Police Dog
Con artist earns $4.27 million by selling fake In N Out franchises to Middle Eastern investors
Oakland Raiders player under investigation for incident with police dog at Heinz Field
Can't grow a man bun? You can buy one instead
Welsh town moves 'offshore' to avoid tax on local business
Man Swindles Foreign Investors into Buying Fake In-N-Out Burger Franchises
Police Probe Alleged Raiders Player's Taunting Of K-9 At Heinz Field
Shia LaBeouf Wants You to Watch Him Watch His Movies for the Next Three Days
Shia LaBeouf is watching all his movies for three days straight, and live streaming himself watching himself
Cannabis dealer told police 'Come on boys, I'm only selling a bit of weed'
Bicyclists accused of "butt touching" women on CMU campus
Man chains self atop slide in bid to save New Hampshire water park
Shia LaBeouf is watching all his movies for three days straight
How the GOP Rewards Stupid Candidates
McDonald's fires worker who threw water on homeless man
Victim of twerking attack at DC gas station speaks out
Over 1,000 people have bought clip-in man buns on Groupon
Vandals steal, crash Melbourne train causing millions in damages
Women wanted for twerking on man at DC gas station Read more at http://www.wral.com/women-wanted-for-twerking-on-man-at-dc-gas-station/15076660/#LWQIxBCOz5mVULjQ.99
University of Missouri Cops Tell Students to Report 'Hurtful Speech' to the Police
Apple's Tim Cook: 'Why would you buy a PC?'
This Woman is Renting Herself Out For $40 an Hour to People Who Want a Caring Mom
Women wanted for twerking on man at DC gas station
Missouri mass media professor faces mass media onslaught
Mayor: Pizza in oven, no time to hear foreclosure pleas
Nobody Is Sure If Oral Sex With Animals Is Illegal in Canada, But Court Aims to Find Out
Maine attorney general sues individual anti-abortion protester for being too loud
POLICE SEARCHING FOR 2 WOMEN WHO BEGAN TWERKING ON STRANGER
Casting of white actor as Martin Luther King prompts outrage from playwright
Man attempts to steal unmarked police car
Missouri U. Police: Call us about 'harmful' or 'hurtful speech'
Why Marco Rubio Feels 'A Little Bit Sorry' for Darth Vader
Campus Activists Weaponize 'Safe Space'
Anti-HERO ringleader defends man sued for photographing women in a bathroom
D.C. Police Make Arrest in Twerking Attack; Victim Speaks Out
Headers banned in US Junior Soccer
Drunken Ohio man has 9-year-old drive him to store for barbecue sauce
Unwanted twerking leads to sexual abuse charges
Raider's Ray-Ray Armstrong Investigated for Allegedly Taunting Police Dog
Two women accused of sexual abuse after "twerking"
Women sought after twerking attack on man at D.C. gas station
Russell Westbrook claims he has never heard of Lil B, the rapper says Westbrook looks like a sandwich
Watermelon may lose its status as state vegetable of Oklahoma
Putin: 'Love is the meaning of life'
Top Google search on Jeb: 'Is Jeb Bush still running for president?'
Economists, Biologists and Skrillex on How to Predict the Future
New 'Baby Got PAC' Superpac to Back Marco Rubio
Parliamentary committee supports ideals in same-sex marriage bill, but some members claim it breaches human rights
Florida cop turns up drunk to receive Mothers Against Drunk Driving award
Sony To Stop Making Betamax Tapes Decades After Everyone Thought It Did
One person arrested in DC twerking incident
Sony announces plan to stop making Betamax video tapes
White Actor Cast As MLK Jr. In Ohio Production, Playwright Katori Hall Speaks Out
Oakland Raiders player, Ray-Ray Armstrong, gets a felony for barking at a police dog
Raiders' Ray-Ray Armstrong under investigation for taunting police dog before Steelers game
Crocodiles to guard Indonesia death row prisoners because they are 'unbribable', says anti-drugs chief Budi Waseso
Federal Court judge under review for berating sex assault complainant / Robin Camp sat on Alberta provincial court when he asked, 'Couldn't you just keep your knees together?'
'Whiteness' course returns to Arizona State
Fifty names now forbidden in Saudi: Is yours one of them?
Taking the fight to ISIS? Here's a free rifle.
in the forest has a beautiful cheap jordans
Trump: Wages are 'too high'
BDSM Sex Club Whips River North Neighbors Into Frenzy
Huckabee: No sandwiches for 'ISIS people'
Sony finally to stop making Betamax videotapes
Johnny Depp recalls telling Disney bosses confused by Jack Sparrow: 'Didn't you know all my characters are gay?'
Storm in a coffee cup: has Starbucks really ruined Christmas?
North Korea Calls Australian Offshore Detention 'A Bit Much'
Shia LaBeouf Live Streams a Video of Himself Watching His Own Movies
Bill Goldberg Is Accusing Stone Cold Steve Austin Of Not Really Drinking All Those Beers
Caitlyn Jenner and Hope Solo named Glamour Magazine 'Women of the Year'
"Stone Cold" Steve Austin: Goldberg Is "Full of S***" for Saying I Didn't Drink Beers in the Ring
The girl that yelled "Who hired you?!" At Yale official served on the search committee that hired him [x-post /r/kotakuinaction]
To reduce Ocean Beach trash, Park Service removes garbage bins
Carjacker arrested after attempting to steal an unmarked police car - with two officer inside
Ben Bernanke Recounts His Nerdy South Carolina Childhood
Politician wants to give 200 NYC trees email addresses.
Waka Flocka does the Weather forecast for WLTX
Take me to the cosmic vagina: inside Tibet's secret tantric temple
Donald Trump tweets photos of Jeb Bush next to swastika, wearing mariachi outfit
I'm sorry? (Gum wall = white privilege)
Police arrest woman in connection with sex assault at D.C. store
Hospital Found Not Liable for Facebook Post on Patient's STD
Happiest mugshot in America belongs to this 19-year-old, female alleged drug kingpin
Man attempts to steal unmarked police car: RCMP
Girl 'addicted to studying' goes on hunger strike after parents refuse to pay for private tutor
Shopping trolley fatality: Swedish man dies during shopping trolley joyride in Randwick, Sydney
Ted Cruz Promises Return to Sensible, Sustainable Economic Policies of the 1920s
Scott Walker outlaws investigations into ... Scott Walker
New Zealand female MPs thrown out of parliament after disclosing sexual assaults
Sorry, you've got the wrong type of cancer: What HSBC told Alistair when he tried to claim on critical illness policy that cost him £183 a month
Dogs Might Fly: Ground-breaking TV experiment will train a Labrador to become a pilot
Gang Of Emus Terrorizes Town, Takes Names
'Stressed' French priest smashes Jesus statue
Shia LaBeouf is live streaming Shia LaBeouf watching Shia LaBeouf movies for 3 days straight
having sex with drunk, mentally challenged woman while on duty suspended.
How Benny Hill could give early clue to dementia
Denver officer accused of having sex with drunk, mentally challenged woman while on duty suspended.
Trump Interrupts Fiorina To Say She Should Stop Interrupting Everybody
London ambulances not using sirens when safe, to mark remembrance day
Ronda Rousey just endorsed Bernie Sanders for president
Police investigate NFL player Ray-Ray Armstrong for barking at dog
Download cydia ios 8 1 3 free no computer
India, China taking advantage of US, says Donald Trump
Claims White People Are Privileged and That He Is Oppressed...
Mizzou Hunger Striker Claims He's Oppressed, Rips 'White Privilege' - Comes From Family Worth $20 Million
Fox Business debate moderator to Republicans: 'Be careful about looking like whiners and babies'
Cyclist crashes through windscreen of a parked car at speed - and was filmed by a home security camera
Slotervaart hospital made millions from heroin production.
Matthew McConaughey to play singing cartoon koala bear
GOP debate moderator warns: 'Be careful about looking like whiners and babies' - The Washington Post
Syfy picks up reality show about the internet being evil
In Myanmar election, dead opposition candidate got more votes than living ruling party candidate
Carson Hopes Debate Will Focus on Lost City of Atlantis
Kansas Jewish center gunman mocks death sentence: 'I'll rise from the grave'
Dead NLD candidate wins seat in polls
Deputies searching for owner of casket found on side of the road
Canadians learn about tyranny
Playboy CEO: There's too much interest in porn
Microsoft will host data in Germany to hide it from US spies
Target Facing Backlash Over 'Obsessive Christmas Disorder' Sweater
Ryan Fitzpatrick assures Rex Ryan he is having sex, despite his beard
Hundreds Of NYC Trees May Finally Be Getting E-Mail
Microsoft sets up data centers in Germany amid US surveillance concerns
How Facebook puts petabytes of old cat pix on ice in the name of sustainability
THIS RUSSIAN GRAVEDIGGER-TURNED-SINGER HATES WESTERN CULTURE SO MUCH HE BLEW UP HIS CAR
Watch Bernie Sanders Supporters Struggle To Explain Socialism
Baby boomers expected to breathe life into funeral industry
Labour MP Simon Danczuk 'pulled out of China trip after being told he would have to fly economy'
Scientists warn of health damage from Indonesia's haze fires
Shia LaBeouf livestreams self watching all his movies
A Politician Would Like New York Trees to Have Their Own Email Addresses
Police arrest suspect in 'twerking' incident at Washington gas station
Referee tells band to be quiet at Toledo-Central Michigan game
Bob Dole joins Bush campaign
Raiders player may be charged with taunting a police dog
Top Ten Things To Bathe In
Bernie Sanders endorsed by UFC's Ronda Rousey
Shia LeBeouf invites fans to watch Shia LeBeouf as he watches Shia LeBeouf
NJ Devils owner's Helicopter parks on soccer field, cancels youth game
Rachel Maddow Reports On "Death To Gays" Conference Attended By Three GOP Candidates
Snopes Have To Clarify That SeaWorld Employees Doesn't Place Orcas in Plastic Bags of Water While Cleaning Tanks
Donald Trump tells 10-year-old that 'space is terrific' but potholes are more important
DC Police make arrest in twerking attack
Bloomingdale's Ad Suggests Date Raping Your BFF This Holiday Season
Man's beard so lush he turned it into a birdcage
Prince Fired ?uestlove From DJ Gig, Played Finding Nemo Instead
Snoop Dogg Launches His Own Brand of Pot
Policeman: clubber asked me if I'd seen his iPhone as I was doing CPR on victim at Northampton nightclub
As inequality soars, the nervous super rich are already planning their escapes
Bomb plot against Tinker Air Force Base foiled by alert strip club employee
British teenager brutally attacked by wannabe author after leaving bad review online
#Movember needs to be banned, beards are sexist, and men's health shouldn't be prioritized
what does adhd have do substance abuse
DC woman facing sexual abuse charges after allegedly twerking on man in gas station.
Southgate police: Man with toy gun in bank said 'It's not like it's an Uzi'
Man Gropes Woman In London Underground Social Experiment, Things Escalate Pretty Quickly
Jake Butt Named Tight End of the Week
Carjacking goes awry when man tries to steal car with undercover officers inside
Want the Kardashians out of your life? Introducing the app Kardblock
This Pet Food Company Just Made a Holiday Scratch-and-Sniff Book for Your Dog
Things escalate quickly after man gropes woman on Tube in social experiment
Apple CEO Tim Cook calls Microsoft's first-ever laptop 'deluded' (x-post /r/microsoft)
Texas cops arrest adorable drug kingpin
Politician wants to give 200 NYC trees their own email addresses
Australian Comic In Trouble For Short Films 'Mocking Equality'
Tesco are advertising for a Christmas Light Untangler
Alleged fake doctor says he's too sick to survive in jail
Butt Named John Mackey Tight End of the Week
Tesco is genuinely advertising a job for a 'Christmas Light Untangler'
Actor who voiced Charlie Brown pleads guilty to making threats in hitman plot
David Cameron complains to his local council about cuts to services
Attorneys: Katy-area teacher fired for refusing to address girl, 6, as transgender boy
The Clowns Who Gave Away a Italian Human-Trafficking Ring
Fireballs are falling to Earth tonight in numbers we won't see for another 10 years
Washington Police arrest one of two women wanted in twerking attack
Trump says worker's wages "too high" in America
Charges: Man broke into co-worker's home, stole underwear
Attorney apologizes to family for trying to kill his wife 3 times
Michigan's Jake Butt named Mackey Award tight end of the week
Cops: Couple Said Possums, People Came Out of Fridge
Australia slammed over human rights by North Korea
A photograph that is being widely shared online as evidence of alien visitors appears to depict a deer fetus
'Alien found in San Jose after UFO sighting' appears to be a deer foetus, taken before California test missile launch
Ohio Man Says Hot Pockets Saved His Life
Smoking weed is now a human right in Mexico
Crystal meth comes to the Smithsonian courtesy of 'Breaking Bad'
10-month-old found unresponsive after mom gives him bourbon for teething, police say
What would you tell your boss if he sent you this in a text? This was after I was suspended for a week because I could not take a job as a technician (which is optional) because my grandfather fell down and I needed to take that day off to take care of him.
France won't dine without wine, cancels dinner with Iran over menu dispute
Dunkin' Donuts releases festive holiday cups
Charles Koch: We are doling out welfare for the wealthy
Zachary Quinto Denies "Slut Shaming" Claims: 'I Love Sluts'
Graham: Trump was 'on valium' for GOP debate
Bloomingdale's Apologizes For Ad Seen As Encouraging Date Rape
Missouri Professor Resigns After Telling Students Not to Let 'Bullies' Win
Alabama police charge 8-year-old with murder in death of 1-year-old
Mizzou prof. resigns following outrage over his refusal to cancel exam
Target Says Making Their Employees Work At 6PM On Thanksgiving Day Is A 'Family Tradition'
Yep, science confirms that quitting Facebook makes people happier
Texas Man Shoots Radio When Sad Song Starts to Play
Woman Charged With Sex Abuse After Twerk Attack
For a happier life, give up Facebook, study says
Sony to Stop Selling Betamax Video Cassette Tapes in March
People Are Slamming the Veterans Day Google Doodle for Not Being White Enough
Shia LaBeouf Offers View of Himself Viewing His Movies
Meet the Porn Star Giving Veterans Blowjobs to Thank Them for Their Service
Ohio plane crash may have killed man if he didn't stop to buy Hot Pockets, report says
Author drives 500+ miles to assault teen who gave his book a bad review
saying "thank you for you service" can ring a little hollow sometimes. This lady has the right idea!
Download song sabke liye happy diwali
Скачать бесплатно directx 11 для hitman absolution a echoue
Ben Carson would not abort baby Hitler
Half-naked 'world's grumpiest woman' glues her bum to Debenhams
Prom Dresses 2014 One Shoulder Sequin Short Dress, New Style Prom Gowns at Cheap Prices
Best-dressed man in Dundas Square says he's 'not a pimp'
Charles Koch has no plans to back a candidate in Republican primary
Shia Labeouf live-streams Shia Labeouf watching Shia Labeouf
Ga. woman catches fiance raping her 12-year-old daughter
Youth soccer game canceled after billionaire New Jersey Devils owner's helicopter lands in the middle of their field
Father Of The Mizzou Student Who Went On Hunger Strike To Protest "Systemic Oppression" Made $8.4 Million in 2014
Men accused of threatening Pokemon championships in court
Mizzou hunger-strike figure from Omaha, son of top railroad exec
Devils owner apologizes for landing helicopter on field, canceling youth soccer game
Lesbian couple face up to six years in jail; just for getting married
Divx horror movies download
Ben Carson says he would not abort baby Hitler
How a hallucinated bear attack led to attempted murder charges
Plane crashes into man's home. He's alive because he'd just left to buy Hot Pockets.
Ohio Man: Hot Pockets Errand Saved Me From Plane Crash
Feds: Wife sent child porn to husband to turn him on
'Cocaine' user avoids arrest after he was given MASHED POTATO powder by dealer
Rangers fans fight after Lundqvist tosses stick into stands
Donald Trump Insists That Wages Are 'Too High'
Russian TV stations broadcast secret nuclear torpedo plans
Russia's nuclear torpedo plan to bypass Nato missile shield revealed after broadcaster forgets to blur out secret document
First Grader Suspended 3 Days For Shooting Imaginary Bow And Arrow While Pretending to Be Power Ranger
Actor Who Voiced Charlie Brown Pleads Guilty to Death Threats
Snoop Dogg Just Launched His Own Brand of Pot
The Emoji Diversity Problem Goes Way Beyond Race
Beauty blogger says SPERM facials are the secret to her glowing skin - and her male friend delivers it in a pot every day
Woman learns she has carried fetus in her uterus for more than 60 years
No wine? Then no diplomatic dinner, France tells Iran
Russian artist who nailed genitals to Red Square could face three years in jail amid FSB fire allegations
Corpulent Canadian suffers fatal heart attack, squashes wife in Mexico |
Judges orders 1-year-old foster child be removed from gay couple's custody | KSL.com
Florida cop shows up drunk to an anti-drunk driving conference
110-year-old woman credits longevity to Miller High Life, whiskey
Download center microsoft office 2010 8 64 bit
Happy birthday song for free download mp3
Bloomingdale's is Sorry for Rapey Ad Encouraging You to Spike Your Friend's Drink
Baltimore Preparing For Hurricane Joaquin By Adding Second Layer Of Plywood To Shuttered Small Businesses
I hired an Etsy witch to cast a sex spell on my marriage
Bike Helmet Protects Child From Helmet-Inspired Beating
Download song on itunes for free
Josh Harris apologizes after landed helicopter forced cancellation of youth game
Horror Show: Watching Shia LaBeouf Watch All His Movies
Portland hipsters mad they'll have to work full-time jobs to pay the rent
Ben Carson: Uneducated people are easily tricked into voting for free education
Oppa Public Art! Seoul Set to Unveil Golden "Gangnam Style" Monument
Rolls-Royce issues recall for one car
Pope Francis Forgives Women for Having Periods
'Gangnam Style' to get a monument in South Korea
Sheriff ad asks drug dealers to turn in other drug dealers
Download film super jadid
Environment furious that cup design gets all the attention
By her own estimate, 43,200 is the number of times she was raped after falling into the hands of human traffickers.
Couple gets married... 18 years after their death
Man Arrested 29 Times For Posing As Transit Worker Arrested Again For Posing As Transit Worker
Download adobe flash player plugin for mozilla firefox in windows 8
TSA officers arrested for smuggling cocaine through SF airport
Mizzou hunger striker protesting 'white privilege' has a father making $6 million last year
Man in Japan hides in drain to look up women's skirts; wants to be reborn as pavement
Councillor who announced closure of public toilets fined for urinating in street
Скачать minecraft update 1 5 2 jammy furniture
Gayle Newland: Woman who duped female friend into sex using fake penis faces sentence today
Man with fake gun at bank tries to defuse situation
Will political change endanger Myanmar's rich cuisine?
Gisele Bundchen: 'My Personality' Made Me Successful, Not My Looks
Polish defence minister condemned over Jewish conspiracy theory
Lincoln movie download avi
Black means thief? Apple store kicks out students of African descent over fears "they might steal"
Councillor Who Cut Public Toilets Fined For Urinating In Street
Drugs raid on Westcliff OAP home discovers £300m of cocaine hidden in Custard Creams
France won't dine with Iran unless wine is served - The Washington Post
Man and wife die having sex in hotel hot tub
Republican presidential candidates Ted Cruz, Mike Huckbee, and Bobby Jindal all attended a kill the gays rally in Des Moines last week.
Rally demands revival of Arab royals' hunting trips
Woman jailed for pretending to be man to trick friend into having sex
Jogger Hit By Car Charged With 'Reckless Running' in Somerset County, NJ
Ted Cruz Mike Huckabee and Bobby Jendel all attended a kill the gays rally in Des Moines last week.
Woman who pretended to be man to trick friend into sex jailed for eight years
Playgrounds for Seniors Are Gaining Popularity in America
Indonesia's trade minister runs his ministry on WhatsApp to protect them against mafia
Maldives suspends basic civil rights for a week
Virtual pop star Hatsune Miku will tour North America in 2016
Woman who posed as man jailed for sex assaults
Huckabee: Most Syrian refugees are not Syrian, but want free sandwiches
Florida man accused of sex with 16-year-old draws 'not to scale' penis to describe details
Klein student punished for being high despite squeaky clean drug test
Download free books to my nook
Caffeinated Peanut Butter Has Arrived, But Is it Safe?
When a Child's Project Shows a Parental Hand at Work
D.C. police arrest woman wanted for forcibly twerking on man
Sexwale confirmed as FIFA candidate
Husband crushes wife to death after fatal heart attack during sex in hot tub
Mizzou Demonstrators Segregate White Allies to Form 'Black Only Healing Space'
Billionaire buys world's most expensive diamond for his 7-year-old
The Undertaker Wrestles a Man Dressed as a Turkey
Gavin Rossdale Accused Of Affair With Gwen Stefani 'Lookalike' Nanny
French airport has to delay flights due to a bug in Windows 3.1
Taxpayers pay Pitbull, but how much is a secret
Drivers Keep Killing Pedestrians, So The NYPD Will Crack Down On Jaywalkers
I am 'NPR Chicken.' Here's how I got 1,200 Twitter followers in 2 days
Devils owner angers youth soccer parents after helicopter parks on field
Airbnb executive says it's 'so big that no army could ever stop it'
Period Ensemble To Perform 'Clapping Music' Using Steve Reich's Original Hands
Court grants injunction to stop potato farmer from selling excess potatoes cheap.
Bloomingdale's Is Really Sorry About That Date Rape Holiday Ad
Charlie Brown actor pleads guilty to making criminal threat
College students confront subtler forms of bias: slights and snubs
Court grants injunction to stop farmer from selling excess spuds cheap
REI CEO Goes On Reddit, Employees Say How Much It Sucks To Work For Him
The best burger in the world has been announced - and it has no meat in it
I'm Pretty Sure My 8-Year-Old Son Is Going to Kill and Skin Me
Ohio Man Says Hot Pockets Saved His Life During Deadly Plane Crash
New Zealand MPs kicked out of Parliament for speaking bravely about personal sexual assault incidents
Jew Who Found His Nazi Twin Brother Dies
Study shows average American can only stand four seconds of Ted Cruz
Notorious NYC Train Thief Arrested in Greyhound Bus Heist
Man on jetpack flies around Statue of Liberty
Now selling on eBay: President Obama's Pacific Rim trade pact
In a fit of drunken road rage, a man rams another truck off the highway, killing the driver. In court, responds, "I smashed into someone. It's not like I killed anyone"
Saved by Hot Pockets: Akron apartment dweller misses plane crash by minutes
Hot Pockets Save Man Affected by Ohio Plane Crash
The World's Only Jetpack Soars Past the Statue of Liberty New York
Utah judge orders same-sex couple to give up foster child, says baby would be better off with heterosexual parents
Judge borrows Taylor Swift lyrics when shaking off plagiarism suit
'Scheming' ex-public schoolgirl who pretended to be a man so she could have sex with another woman is jailed for EIGHT YEARS
Springs Officers Will No Longer Take Fitness Tests After Discrimination Lawsuit
Gayle Newland: Woman who pretended to be a man to have sex with her friend is jailed for eight years
Bush offers chest bump for 'every convert'
Tracy Kiss Youtube Vlogger's Bizarre Semen Facial Goes Viral
City's Most Infamous Public-Transportation Fan Arrested for Stealing a Bus Again
Man loves buses and trains so much, he can't stop stealing them
Honouring 2nd amendment rights, Texas prison allow inmates to carry guns
Mizzou Protesters Literally Segregate Themselves Based on Race
UPDATE: Beehives spill onto 101 causing traffic delays - KSBY.com | San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara Area News
Download krrish game for windows 8
Disputed Hans Island should be turned into a condominium: Arctic experts
LaBeouf Sleeps And Cries At His Film Marathon
Pro-Palestinian Students Blame Tuition Hikes on 'Zionists'
Pizza-Stealing Dog Starts Fire in Waterbury Home
Fugitive emu in Delaware prompts school lockdowns
Man in underpants attacks french bird activists with shovel
Next on Patch » Business and Arts Leaders to Discuss Creative Economy Man Warned Not to Rap in Front of Convenience Store
Man Warned Not to Rap in Front of Convenience Store
Hillary Clinton's Hairdresser Says Clinton's Hair is Real
Runaway Emu Causes Lockdown at Delaware Schools
Download book youtube 50 shades of grey free
Dog sets new world record for skateboarding through human legs
UMN student govt: 9/11 remembrance would violate our safe space
Florida boy, 9, threatened with sexual harassment charges for writing love note
Dubai Is Giving Its Firefighters Jetpacks To Use During Skyscraper Fires
Trending: Toronto school institutes ban on political correctness
Betamax will finally die in March 2016 - 30 years after it lost the video format war to VHS
Jeb Bush on Infanticide - "Hell Yeah!"
New Study Explores Link Between Climate Change and Kangaroo Farts
Canadian Woman Hits Moose, on Way to See Sister, Who Hit Moose
'World's sexiest dwarf' attracts army of admirers with revealing pictures and Gangnam Style dancing
Police: naked peeping Tom tries to steal lawnmower
Middle-aged man has heart attack while having sex with his slender wife in a hot tub. He dies of heart attack, dies after being "squashed" by him.
Shoreditch Cereal Cafe targeted in anti-gentrification protests
Syriza backs strike against itself
The Undertaker appears on Jimmy Fallon, delivers a piledriver to a turkey.
This town's plan for growth: Evade taxes
UK citizens will have to pay government to spy on them
Dachshund Cruises Airport In Pilot's Uniform, Commands Attention
Police arrest 1 of 2 women in twerking assault. They're wanted for third-degree sexual abuse charges for allegedly twerking on a stranger inside a convenience store.
Claremont McKenna College Class President Resigns Over Controversial Halloween Costume She Wasn't Even Wearing
Middle-aged man has heart attack while having sex with his slender wife in a hot tub. He dies of heart attack, she dies after being "squashed" by him.
Nude marcher removed from Remembrance Day parade.
UPDATE: SHIA LABEOUF FALLS ASLEEP DURING 'TRANSFORMERS: DARK SIDE OF THE MOON'
Скачать kernelbase dll windows 7 crash kernelbase dll
YouTube, the World's Biggest Music Service, Finally Launches Its Own Music Service
Download jkt48 fortune cookies in love english version
Man Credits Hot Pockets For Saving His Life In Ohio Plane Crash
Judge Dismisses Lawsuit Against Taylor Swift Using Lyrics From Her Hit Songs
Japanese Developer Says a Game Company Kidnapped His Sister to Stop Him Working With Nintendo - See more at: http://www.gamnesia.com/news/japanese-developer-says-a-game-company-kidnapped-his-sister-to-stop-him-wor#sthash.TtxXhVIj.dpuf
Saudi Arabia seizes 48,000 cans of beer disguised as Pepsi
"Krispy Kreme Challenge" Now Namesake for Children's Clinic
Tory cabinet minister slams Liberals for deficit new government will inherit - Canadian Politics
Japanese Developer Says a Game Company Kidnapped His Sister to Stop Him Working With Nintendo
Bosch's Giant Robot Can Punch Weeds to Death
Billionaire buys 7-year-old daughter Blue Moon diamond for record $48m
Police respond to lonely couple's 999 call with tea
Church's sign on fatherhood leads to storm: Mixed message received as bishop orders it down
Trump talks Clinton's 'massive' new hairdo
Mizzou protestors now segregating their members by race
Download pdf printer driver free
Justin Bieber wore a Metallica t-shirt and metal fans are furious
Dubai Civil Defence signs agreement for Jetpacks
Canadian couple dies while having sex in hot tub at daughter's wedding
Rise of LSD could make prog rock popular again, warns expert
Highest paid female CEO in the US used to be a male
Mizzou Protesters Now Segregating Their Members By Race
Mizzou unveils new all-white alternate uniform
ABC reportedly bans gay dancing on 'Dancing with the Stars'
Cable channels are speeding up 'Seinfeld' reruns to squeeze in more commercials
Arsenal Football Club reluctantly drops jousting from training schedule after repeated injury problems
'Young earth' creationists making $90m full-scale ark to 'bring the Bible to life'
'Poverty pay' leads Walmart employees to skip lunch - or steal it from coworkers
Hunter walks drunk moose home
Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee and Bobby Jindal attend "Kill the gays" rally
University of Minnesota Rejects 9/11 Remembrance Because it Might Incite Racism
Marmite: Denmark says spread could be illegal
A five-story vending machine for cars just opened in Nashville
Koch Brothers: I Won't Back a Candidate Until They Stop Being So Bad
Officer shoots five kittens in front of children
The Worlds Politics: Donald Trump to Build Wall for Winter
NYU finance professor can't get over how many black turtlenecks Elizabeth Holmes owns
Hundreds expected to attend 'Million Student March' on UC Berkeley campus
Couple die having sex at their kid's wedding | New York Post
Man arrested 30 times for bus and train thefts just wants to work on the subway
Man accused of plotting to kill wife three times: "I apologize"
Jeb Bush offering a chest bump to every "convert"
David Hasselhoff changes his name
Скачать pdf for blackberry операционная система
'White Privilege' Activist at Mizzou Who Went on Hunger Strike Has a Secret That's Just Too Ironic
President Obama Insists He's Not Korn Singer During Ceremony
Missouri opting for 'white-out' jerseys Saturday vs. BYU
Assault plea for student in attack on another pupil over passed gas
It's so dangerous to be a black American, I've sought asylum in Canada
Did Storm Abigail just open mystery PORTAL to ANOTHER DIMENSION on eve of Friday 13?
Conor maynard r u crazy download mp3 zippy
Mizzou Student VP: 1st Amendment Creates 'Hostile and Unsafe Learning Environment'
Trump: Carson's 'pathological' issues similar to those of a child molester
He applied to be a deputy, but got arrested instead
Cop shows up too drunk to collect anti-drunk driving award
Secret Service Employee Arrested in Teen Sexting Bust
Man found in trash can after escaping police in handcuffs
A grown man traveled 500 miles to beat up a teenage girl for giving his e-book a bad review
A person has jumped overboard on Mad Decent Boat Party
This Obese Woman Arrested For Starving Her 7 Kids: "There Was Only Enough Food For Me"
Mizzou student VP is tired of people using 1st Amendment right to criticize her movement
Black Students at Cornell Protest a Pro-Black Protest Led by White Students
Jack Yufe dies at 82; he was raised Jewish, his identical twin as a Nazi
Zimbabwe's Mister Ugly pageant has record number of entries
BC Coast Before & After Fukushima: Person compares professional photos to potato quality and concludes THE END IS NEIGH!!!
How to download euro truck simulator 2 full version rest
Black Students United calls for cancelation of Blackout protest
Obama: "I Am Not The Lead Singer Of Korn"
Girl Jailed for Faking Being Man for Sex
Black students denied entry into Apple store because 'they might steal something'
Google Self-Driving Car Gets Pulled Over, Doesn't Get a Ticket
President Obama at Medal of Honor Ceremony: 'I Am Not the Lead Singer From Korn'
Blind rush: NFL's 'Color Rush' jerseys problematic for colorblind fans
IAAF braced for hammer blow of Dick Pound report
A Billionaire, Some Millionaires, and a No-Show Senator Debate How Best to Block Wage Hikes
Cops: Twin Brothers Were Caught Stealing Identical Items From Walmart In South Carolina
High school art teacher detects evil spirits, brings tarot cards for 'classroom cleansing'
Woman who tricked blindfolded friend into sex with fake penis gets eight years
Taylor Swift lawsuit tossed by judge quoting Shake It Off
Dog Almost Burns House Down Attempting to Steal Pizza
Missouri Man arrested for attempting to shoot 'all black students' he see's on Campus
College 'Safe Space' Boos an Asian Woman For Declaring 'Black People Can Be Racist'
Noah's Ark Theme Park to Open in Kentucky Next Summer
Judge Uses Taylor Swift's Lyrics to Dismiss Copyright Suit Against Her
No place like home: Western jihadists decry Islamic State's lack of beauty salons, Starbucks, good food
Hemp-made flag flies over the US Capitol
Hankering for Hot Pockets saved Akron, Ohio man from fatal airplane crash
To Darth Vader's theme music, Dick Cheney wows GOP crowd
Donald Trump's 95-minute rant: 'How stupid are the people of the country?'
Car With Body Inside, Both Missing Since 2006, Was Visible on Google Maps
Mountain View: Google self-driving car pulled over 'for driving too slowly'
A tale of two women: Same birthday, same Social Security number, same big-data mess
People Want DEA Chief to Resign After He Called Medical Marijuana 'a Joke'
Restaurant claims Vietnamese woman doesn't know her national cuisine
A driver who saw police handing out speeding tickets had the perfect response - he had the cops booked for dangerous parking.
Man convicted of rape after catfishing victims with fake Facebook profile
Police to dump drugs criminals onto crocodile-infested island to 'fend for themselves'
Download movies good website
Why Is There Zero Evidence Of The Mizzou Poop Swastika?
Seth Rollins Got Offered Free Porn During His Recovery By This Adult Film Company
Download crack patch idm 17
Download film bleach live action sub indo
Sir Terry Wogan pulls out of Children in Need for health reasons
Flatulence From 2,186 Goats Forced Singapore Airlines Emergency Landing
Couple die while having sex in a Mexico hotel before their daughter's wedding
Twin brothers marry twin sisters accompanied by twin page boys and twin flower girls. Oh, did we tell you the wedding was officiated by twin priests?
Female Link, "Linkle" Confirmed for Hyrule Warriors Legends
Download audio book harry potter free
Airbnb 'plagiarized' Paris artist's apartment
Rolf Harris taken to hospital 'after chocolate overdose'
Download game call of duty black ops 2 full
PETA sues primatologist for infringement of monkey's claimed copyright
Police pull over Google's driverless car for driving too slowly
Bald jihadist nabbed getting hair transplant
Man with uncontrollable desire to eat pleads no contest to stealing food
Boy, 9, could face sexual harassment charges over love note
My little pony minecraft game download
French Isil extremist seized in Turkey after beauty salon hair transplant to look better.
Councillor who oversaw closure of public toilets fined for urinating in street
Is China About to Turn the Corner?
Download from youtube galaxy s3 driver windows 7
Android 4 1 jelly bean os free download for mobile
Escapee penguins foiled by wet footprints
Kremlin-controlled TV airs 'secret' plans for nuclear weapon
Police pull over self-driving Google car for doing 25mph in a 35mph zone
Man arrested 30 times for rail theft just wants to work for them
Cop pulls over Google self-driving car, finds no driver to ticket
Detroit Fast Food worker believes they deserve $15/hr beacuase they do "more" than Paramedics...
Saudi police confiscate 48,000 cans of Heineken beer disguised as Pepsi
Police in Saudi Arabia stop smugglers with cans of beer disguised as Pepsi
Free download film veer zaara full movie
Woman who posed as man to have sex with friend jailed for eight years
'Dumb Luck': Hot Pockets Save Man Affected by Ohio Plane Crash
Ultimate Irony: These Women Make $70 Feminist T-Shirts For Less Than $1 An Hour Read More: http://www.trueactivist.com/ultimate-irony-these-women-make-70-feminist-t-shirts-for-less-than-1-an-hour/
Toddlers getting drunk off hand sanitizers is disturbing trend
Turkey nabs jihadist at salon after hair transplant
Western jihadists unhappy that the Islamic State doesn't have beauty salons, Starbucks, or good food
Russian rabbis call on Europe's Jews to help ease sanctions
Download crack autocad 2013 32 bit
Download google books downloader
Identical twins married to identical twins by identical twins
Judge Uses Taylor Swift Lyrics to Dismiss Case Against Singer
Diocese converts ambulance into mobile confessional
109 Nigerian senators to train in the use of Facebook
Carmel man seeks world record for time spent driving in a roundabout
Here's Guy Fieri Tossing Autographed Lean Cuisines to Adoring Fans
Woman who posed as man to have sex with friend jailed for 8 years
Diocese of Lafayette unveils mobile confessional
Rolf Harris rushed to hospital after 'overdosing on chocolate'
Slovakia to take in 25 Syrian families speaking the language of Jesus
Turned on by images of vomit and faeces, man tricked 13 young boys to take laxative pills
Download song ehsaas by naveed akhtar mp3
Australia's largest organic chicken producer 'open-minded' about nuclear waste dump proposal
Fifth Harmony's 'Worth It' blares loudly as Guy Fieri hands out autographed Lean Cuisines to fans
Kim Jong-un travels with personal toilet, say North Koreans
Newsfeed U.S. Man Says Hot Pockets Saved Him From Deadly Plane Crash
Man Says Hot Pockets Saved Him From Deadly Plane Crash
Grandmother of sex assault suspect not pleased with her twerking
People Come to Sleep and Die in Hong Kong's 24-Hour McDonalds
Obesity in U.S. Rises in Spite of Evidence of Healthier Diets
Missouri football team set to wear all white uniforms after players threatened to boycott game due to black discrimination
Rubio's Campaign Staffers Stole Wifi from a Pizza Place-And Got Caught
4TH GRADER THREATENED WITH SEXUAL HARASSMENT OVER LOVE NOTES
Mitt Romney's friends are still trying to plan out his 2016 presidential campaign
Google Self-Driving Car Pulled Gets Pulled Over Going Too Slowly
David Hasselhoff gives into nickname, decides to go by Hoff
Google car gets pulled over, talks its way out of ticket
Mountain View police pull over Google self-driving car
Transgender man thought he was out of shape, but discovered he was pregnant
Dubai has ordered 20 jetpacks for firefighters and first responders
Barack Obama: 'I Am Not the Lead Singer From Korn'
Download driver printer canon pixma ip1980 windows 8
Eminem's Carhartt-branded Air Jordans auctioning today
Dubai gives its firefighters twin-engine jetpacks to fight skyscraper fires
3 Weakley Co. HS students charged after laxative brownie incident
STUDENT ESCORTED FROM LONG ISLAND HIGH SCHOOL AFTER DEFYING SEXTING SCANDAL SUSPENSION
Woman Goes Overboard During Cruise Ship Dance Party
Campbell Soup Co. recalls SpaghettiOs over possible choking hazard
Dog almost burns down house attempting to steal pizza
Donald Trump calls Ben Carson's 'pathological temper' incurable
Kia recalls 250k Souls
Donald Trump likens Ben Carson's 'pathological' temper to child molesting
Скачать pdf 3d звуки
Google car pulled over for being too slow
Disturbing trend: Toddlers getting drunk off hand sanitizer
Claremont Protesters Boo Asian Student Who Says Blacks Can Be Racist
Download song free just give me a reason
Student escorted from Kings Park High School after defying sexting scandal suspension.
600 Padres Bobbleheads Mysteriously Left Near Local Residents' Doorstep
Woman Arrested For Denny's Pancake Rage: Chicagoan, 27, did not grasp concept of all-you-can-eat deal
Cult 'Death Threat Over Ken Livingstone Crush'
Toys 'R' Us chief play officer retiring at age 13
These Women Were Fat-Shamed By Their Doctors -- And It Almost Cost Them Their Lives
Mrs Claus to be paid less than Santa this Christmas
Thousands to be sterilised in global 'vasectomy-athon'
Playboy Settles with Model Used as Human Golf Tee
4th Grader Could Face Sexual Harassment Charges For Love Notes
Texas Teen's Death Ruled Suicide by Snake
Smugglers attempt to enter Saudi Arabia with 48,000 beer cans disguised as Pepsi
Court ruling gives Sandusky back his Penn State pension
Anti racism rally cancelled after black students object to it
Saudi Arabia cracks case of smuggled beer disguised as Pepsi
Skateboarding bulldog breaks Guinness World Record
Google Self-Driving Car Pulled Over for Driving Too Slow
Ethnic Minorities Deserve Safe Spaces Without White People
Download avast internet security 7 full crack vn zoom
Speeding driver who blamed dead man jailed
Politician Responsible for Closing Public Toilets Gets Fined for Peeing in the Street
Couple dies during sex in hotel hot tub in Mexico
Clinton campaign: Hillary's interest in Marines was "sincere"
'Twerk-Off' Preceded Woman Jumping from Party Cruise Ship: Friend
Woman who pretended to be a man to have sex with friend sentenced to eight years in prison
Man creates 'selfie arm' because he found selfie sticks embarrassing
Google self-driving car pulled over for going too slowly
Hanford B Reactor tours to expand to allow children
US 'reasonably certain' Jihadi John is dead
Woman Missing at Sea After Jumping Overboard During Diplo's EDM Cruise - The woman may have leapt to her death after losing a "twerk-off" to a woman named "twerk queen"
Download happy birthday to you hindi mp3
It's technically legal to refuse bronze coinage for goods/services above 20p in the UK, "because it doesn't strictly qualify as legal tender".
Guardian uses picture of 'Serial' Sarah Koenig from an SNL skit
Ben Carson: My Sources 'Better' Than White House on Syria
"Do not serve us stale bread" CIA cafeteria complaints
Windows 3.1 glitch causes problems at French Airport's air traffic control.
Download google chrome gratis italiano windows 7 youtube videos
Muni wires may come down for Super Bowl
Download ebook to nook app
Planes grounded at Paris Orly airport thanks to Windows 3.1 error
Windows 3.1 Is Still Alive, And It Just Killed a French Airport
Man survives crashing down an embankment, is killed by a big rig after walking back onto the freeway
Couple dies while having hot tub sex at daughter's wedding
Download pdf php 8 windows
9-Year-Old Faces Sexual Harassment Charges for Love Note
'Selfie arms' save you the embarrassment of using your selfie stick in public
Embarrassed By Selfie Sticks, Man Creates a "Selfie Arm"
Driver from McDonald's shooting: 'It looked like a movie robbery'
Скачать autocad 2007 rus crack
MLB cries foul over 'Fallout 4' Ortiz jersey
PornHub reports a 10% traffic drop the day 'Fallout 4' came out
At CUNY, Students Blame Israel for Tuition Hikes
CU-Boulder racism protest canceled after African-American students object
Wealthiest Americans Ominously Remind Nation They Could Easily Drop Another $10 Billion On Election
Dubai firefighters will get jetpacks to battle skyscraper blazes
Dubai to use world's first personal jetpack to fight fires on high-rise buildings
David Hasselhoff says he's dropped the Hassel from his name
Barack Obama, leader of the free world: 'I am not the lead singer from Korn'
Woman jumps off EDM cruise ship moments after 'twerk-off'
'Risen' Trailer: Joseph Fiennes Searches For Jesus in This Episode of 'CSI: Jerusalem'
Download driver nokia lumia 1320
Mass. woman wins fight to wear colander in driver's license by citing 'pastafarian' religion
Next U.S. NEWS Pastafarian wins the religious right to wear spaghetti colander in MA state ID picture
It's Hypocritical For Brits To Lecture North Koreans On Leader Worship
MASSACHUSETTS PASTAFARIAN WINS RIGHT TO WEAR A COLANDER IN DRIVER'S LICENSE PHOTO, THANKS TO HUMANIST GROUP
Amherst Students Demand No Free Speech Signs
President Obama Had to Desperately Stress That He's Not the Lead Singer of Korn
Cop pulls over Google self-driving car, finds no driver to ticket - CNN.com
Cockfighting Coliseum Turned Community Garden
Customer finds bank wide open, no one inside Read more: http://www.kpho.com/story/30497281/customer-finds-bank-wide-open-no-one-inside#ixzz3rP7Y3k9j
Woman declared dead by EMS discovered to be alive, dies
Woman hits $8 million jackpot, casino claims slot machine malfunctioned
UNM students Veto 9/11 Memorial Because It "Violates Safe Space"
President Obama reassures anxious nation that he's not the singer from Korn
Brays Oaks Village - B « Brays Oaks Village & Brays Oaks Park Apartment Homes
Anthony Bourdain eats Waffle House for the first time, loves it
Man With Rare Uncontrollable Appetite Disorder Pleads No Contest For Food Burglaries
Man who intentionally was laying down in the middle of street gets run over by a car in Jersey City
Clermont, Florida: Woman Arrested After Calling 911 to Ask for Cigarettes and Chicken Wings, Report Says
Canadian boy calls 911 to report mother driving drunk
Hunger games catching fire full book download
Ben Carson would not abort baby Hitler, report finds
Cop gives himself a ticket after accidentally parking in handicapped spot
Florida woman arrested for 911 call demanding chicken wings
Woman allowed to wear spaghetti strainer in Mass. license photo
Journalist 'fooled the world', became an EDM DJ
WOMAN MISSING AT MAD DECENT BOAT PARTY JUMPED DUE TO SUPPOSED "TWERK-OFF"
Pornhub's traffic dipped significantly the day Fallout 4 came out.
Woman calls 911 wanting cigarettes, chicken wings
How do you smuggle 48,000 cans of Heineken into Saudi Arabia? Disguise it as Pepsi.
Download daemon tools free for windows 8 key
Man Faces Charges After 21 Severed Vaginas Are Found In His Freezer
Man Harnesses Mysterious Energy From His Hand-Made 24K Gold Pyramid Home in Illinois.
Toddlers getting drunk off hand sanitizers is dangerous trend
Mass. woman can wear spaghetti strainer in license photo
Скачать кейген для dll fixer
NFL's Red And Green Uniforms Described As 'Torture' By Colorblind Fans
Woman Allowed To Wear Spaghetti Strainer In Driver's License Photo
Paris shootings in city centre and explosion at Stade de France
Post gets submitted to /r/nottheonion and disrupts the narrative, moderators then nuke comments
There's Now A Martial Art Specifically For Selfie Stick Users
'Pastafarian' Woman Allowed To Wear Spaghetti Strainer In Driver's License Photo
Tom Brady grants child's Make A Wish, gets a thank you card with $10
Man wanted for sexual assault tries applying for job at Michigan sheriff's office - gets arrested
Скачать читалка djvu для android 3 1 2 33
Russia: Selfie stick users get self-defence classes
Fallout 4 Is More Powerful Than Porn
Download daemon tools youtube lite free windows 7
Pastafarian: Woman Who Identifies With Group Wins Right to Wear Colander for Driver's License Photo
Officers Arrest Woman Who Showed Intoxicated To MADD Class.
Nintendo introduces 'Linkle', the female version of Link, for upcoming Zelda game
Eyewitness Says Girl Jumped Off The Mad Decent EDM Cruise After A Twerk-Off Went Bad
Man Missing for 9 years found in lake through Google maps
Woman jumps off cruise ship after losing twerk-off
Police say armed kid forced mom to drive him to school
Chipotle attempts to trademark "Burrito"
LexPark launches annual food drive, allowing motorists to pay tickets with canned food
اداة BackupAZ 2 لعمل باك اب لكل شي في جهازك
Launch of Tesco's frozen avocados could help reduce Britain's food waste
"Black Holes Matter" Movement Rocks Physics Community
Missing Elderly Glendora Man Found In Vegas
Fashion Blogger's Bizarre Beauty Secret: Sperm Facials
Anne Frank's Diary Gains 'Co-Author' in Copyright Move
German 87-year-old 'Nazi grandma' jailed for denying the Holocaust
More than 11,000 school staff members are 'missing' from Virginia schools
Ted Cruz reenacts the "mostly dead" scene from Princess Bride, world shudders
Man missing for a decade spotted at bottom of pond on Google Maps
Pornhub Traffic Dropped by 10% the Day Fallout 4 Came Out
There's only so much time in the day: Pornhub reports traffic launch on Fallout 4 launch
Used condoms float to the surface as more sewage is dumped into Montreal river
A Pair Of Twins Got Married To Another Pair Of Twins, Officiated By A Pair Of Twins
Pastafarian gets to wear strainer on head in license photo
Charles Koch: You can call me 'liberal'
Honouring 2nd amendment rights, Texas prison allows inmates to carry guns
Boy, 9, could face sexual assault charges over love note
Malaysia plans to introduce 'Halal' trolley for Muslims and 'non-Halal' trolleys for non-Muslims in supermarkets.
Moving New Orleans Public Defenders Office to homeless shelter would help solve its budget problems, City Council member says
Mary-Anne Arsenault calls for ban of new curling broom
College Cancels Play Because Too Many White People Cast
Fallout 4's release caused Pornhub's traffic to plummet
Mizzou Protestors Are Upset That The Terrorist Attacks In Paris Are Getting More Attention Than Them
Principal threatens 9 year old with sexual assault charges over writing his crush a letter
Hong Kong court hears mum tried to arrange sex for daughter, 13, to earn money
Mizzou Hunger Striker Jonathan Butler Reportedly From One-Percent Family Worth Millions
Download adobe reader version 10 free 10 1 4
Woman who pretended to be man to have sex with friend jailed for eight years
U-Haul Truck Going Wrong Way With No Headlights Turns Out to Be Full of Weed
Download turbo c language for windows 7 64 bit
Officials: Woman intentionally jumped off ship during EDM cruise
Christian Anti-Masturbation's Mascot "Fappy" Arrested For Public Masturbation While Swimming Naked At Sea World In San Diego
9-year-old threatened with sexual harassment over love note
Скачать counter strike source zombie mod xd 3 0 0
Nexus vst plugin download windows
(AU) DNA test shows Hanson's Middle Eastern heritage
UN-EFFING-BELIEVABLE! Mizzou protesters are ANGRY Paris terror attacks stole their MEDIA
I wanted to go as Daenerys Targaryen or The Bride - but, apparently, badass costumes are not for fat girls.
Heart attack all song free download
Скачать pdf 0 6 4 0
Free movie download links hindi
Download driver for hp deskjet 3054
Download keygen 0day форум
Download movies netflix to ipad
Download explorer exe for windows xp not responding
Ex-Boy Scout leader at parole hearing: I no longer blame my victims
'Minority students have no place to feel safe on campus': Alabama students protest to support Missouri - University of Alabama students stage protest on campus against racism: demands include separate spaces, funding, recruitment and programs based on race.
New bollywood movies download mkv
Download film kartun nabi
Dubai Has Ordered 20 Jetpacks for Firefighters and First Responders Herald Voice http://heraldvoice.com/2015/11/14/dubai-has-ordered-20-jetpacks-for-firefighters-and-first/
Study of self-driving cars shows other drivers are good at hitting them
Download adb and fastboot for linux tool and driver
Скачать keygen gta 4 с торрента
Download ebook laravel code bright
Free download excel 2007 deutsch 2003 converter software
Download heart attack video song
Barack Obama confirms he is not lead singer of Korn
Missouri protesters upset that media attention suddenly swept away by Paris terror attacks
Download pdf iphone xylophone ringtone
Trump: Carson is "pathological," like a child molester
Download film the raid 2 subtitle indonesia
Скачать counter strike 1 6 official xtreme v6
Love is better than food, if you're a pair of great tits
Download counter strike on android 0 6 free
COUB ЛУЧШЕЕ #16 САМЫЕ УГАРНЫЕ ПРИКОЛЫ ЖЕСТЬ 2015
10 Future Jobs You Would Actively Apply For. Who Want To Be A Garbage Designer..?
Free download adobe pdf reader for blackberry bold
Personal loans for bad credit in pittsburgh
A traffic police pulled over a Google self-driving car because it was driving like your grandma in a 35 MPH zone
Fanaa movie video songs free download hd
'Twerk-off' led to woman jumping off Norweigian Pearl cruise ship near Cuba, friend says
Merkel: response to terror must be charity and tolerance
Download directx 10 for windows 7 jak zainstalowac
Download mp3 youtube firefox addons youtube video downloader
Woman allowed to wear colander in driver's license photo after appeal
Download euro truck simulator 2 generator key 9700 bus express tour
Download cheat engine 6 3 for pc zombies
Download pdf 07 free xls
Iron Range 19-year-old killed launching firework from his head.
UN-EFFING-BELIEVABLE! MIZZOU PROTESTERS ARE ANGRY PARIS TERROR ATTACKS STOLE THEIR MEDIA SPOTLIGHT!!!
I Quit My Job To Be A Travel Writer, And Now I'm Broke And Unemployed
Mini Fedoras For Man Buns Now Exist
Tiny fedoras for man buns the newest hair accessory
Pornhub blames the release of a video game for its drop in traffic
Berlin policeman stabs 'dawdling' British tourist
Mizzou Activists Ban Media from their Protests, Angry that Paris Attacks Recieve More Media Attention, Equate Mizzou Incidents with Terrorism in Paris
A Paris man who was talking on the phone when a bomb went off says the Samsung device saved his life
Pornhub blames the release of Fallout 4 for its drop in traffic.
Cleaners throw piece of modern art in the bin because it looks like rubbish
Isis releases line of beheading emojis for social media fans
Dubai will provide jetpacks to firefighters to tackle skyscraper fires
Woman in Massachusetts can wear spaghetti strainer in license photo
Dubai's firefighters get jetpacks to tackle highrise blazes
Pornhub sees 10% traffic drop after gamers get Fallout 4
Liberal Activists Upset Paris Terrorist Attacks Are Getting Attention, Not Mizzou Protests
Child psychologist, retired judge discuss what's next for 8-year-old charged with murder
Some Christian Gay Couples Are Saving Sex for Marriage
Man Who Was Hit by Door on Cruise Ship Awarded $21.5M
5 อันดับสุนัขพันธุ์เล็ก น่ารักที่สุดในโลก (5 Top Dog) HD
Fallout 4 Release Leads to Dip in Pornhub Traffic
Utah couple names baby born on Friday the 13th 'Fox'
Christian Anti-Masturbation's Mascot Arrested For Public Masturbation At Sea World
Mizzou Protesters Are Disgusted That The Paris Attacks Are Getting More Attention Than Their Cause
Download driver detective 6 2 5 0 free
Download adobe flash player mozilla 2013 for windows 7
Ben Carson Hires State Chair Who Supported Jim Crow And Opposed The Civil Rights Act
Principal allegedly pulls eighth grader out of class because of her 'too poofy' natural hair
Girls Fight to Join Local Boy Scouts Troop
Download driver hp laserjet p1102 windows xp
Download pl2303 driver for windows 8
Automated Car Vending Machine Opens in Nashville
Download movies bollywood in hindi
Download opera windows 7 64 bit free 5 5
PC players better in bed than Playstation and Xbox rivals, study finds
Hollande: 'We are going to lead a war which will be pitiless'
Job applicant at Michigan sheriff's office arrested on sex charges
Download audio from youtube linux
Cheat engine 6 2 ninja saga level up permanen
Woman Files for Divorce After Meeting Country Star
On-duty Secret Service officer thinks he's sexting a teen, but it's the cops
Indonesia wants to use unbribable crocodiles to guard death-row prison inmates
Boise Nampa Appliance Repair Quality Appliance Repair 208 345-6800
Download java runtime environment 1 6 0 chip
'Bigfoot' sighting in woods turns out to be man playing hide-and-seek
Far-right settler rabbi: Paris attacks are payback for the Holocaust
Download pdf with link 4965agn driver
Mizzou protesters, Black Lives Matter complain Paris attacks stole their headlines
[META] Can we stop posting ridiculously biased articles that cite Facebook as a source?
"Fallout 4 is stupid because you can't kill your pet dog" -Huntington Post
Download free movies online in english
Download game pc gta 3
Download game apk moto gp
Download pdf sheet music 05vald
Cheat engine 6 2 download za free in dragon city
Pastafarian woman granted the right to wear pasta strainer on head in driver's license photo, in respect for her religious beliefs
Download pdf xchange editor watermark
Fashion brand gets ballsy with their latest accessory theme: cat testicles
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Is Powered By Pizza And Anal, Apparently
"Hillary's campaign is powered by pizza, anal" - wait, come again?
Download pdf from web to kindle fire
N.M. man gets 18 years for using semen in squirt gun for attack on kids
Fallout 4 Launch Caused Huge Drop In Porn Watching
Download humayun ahmed new books
Download manual and drivers video
Download film vampire prosecutor 2
Скачать cheat engine 6 1 rus бесплатно macbook pro
Fallout 4 Causes Fall in [PornHub]Traffic
Driver detective free full
Texas Cops Arrest Adorable Drug Kingpon
How to download euro truck simulator 2 for free 720 hd
Download pdf 2014 7 adobe
Download adobe photoshop cs3 mac 7 32 bit
WATCH LIVE: DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE FROM DES MOINES, IOWA POLITICS Reporters Won't Need to Enter Wifi Password to Cover Democratic Debate Since It's the 'Party of Inclusion'
Скачать photoshop crack rus
Hillary Says It's OK That She Takes Wall Street Money Because of Women and 9/11
Democrats counter Republicans in WiFi War by Setting No Password at their Debate: We are "a part of inclusion"
Download free online barbie movies in hindi
Democrats fight back after GOP declares Wi-Fi password war
Download battlefield 2 for laptop demo free pc
Due to recent events, Kill Paris has decided to change his stage name.
Nagin dance dj remix song download
If you cut Alabama coach Nick Saban, he bleeds like a mere mortal
Hamas, Islamic Jihad condemn Paris attacks
Скачать pdf пример заявления
Download adobe reader and writer free galaxy tab 2
In Paris Neighborhood Heavily Hit by Terrorists, Residents View Attackers as Victims read more: http://www.haaretz.com/world-news/.premium-1.686083
Download pdf 0 5 soda
Download movies tv shows ipad
Download cydia jailbreak for ipad 2 6 1
Download daemon tools for vista 32 bit free italiano
Download adobe flash player official site 09 free
Bernie Is Absolutely Right: Climate Change Makes Terrorism Worse
Clash of clans gem hack iphone download tutorial
Free games download in notebook
Pornhub Says Its Gaming Audience Dropped 10% The Day 'Fallout 4' Came Out
Download manuale scolare invatamant special
President? Carson is too good, Clinton too bad
Download driver hp g3110 scanjet
Mass. woman allowed to wear colander in her driver's license photo
Download games avengers free
Download current affairs ebook in hindi
Download k yo maya ho by b8 cover
Download cd key tuneup utilities 2013
Dubai Is About to Give Firefighters and First Responders Jetpacks
Download a debian package appsync deb for ios 6
Russia: We Didn't Mean to Show Everyone Our Massive New Nuclear Torpedo
Download movie twilight breaking dawn part 2 for mobile
Free download driver cyberlink youcam 4
/r/worldnews mods deleted a comment critical to islam because OP can't prove he is ex-muslim
Cara download film omar dari mbc
Roger Federer fan who woke from 11 year coma shocked Fed still good
New Mexico man jailed for spraying children with semen-loaded squirt gun
Spaghetti Strainer Helmet Driver's License Photo Approved On Religious Grounds
Скачать djvu для nokia 5230 usb driver free
Christian Anti-Masturbation's Mascot "Fappy" Arrested For Public Masturbation While Swimming Naked With The Dolphins At Sea World In San Diego
Lowell Woman gets Permitted To Wear Spaghetti Strainer In Driver's License Photo
Wichita couple was in Paris two weeks before attacks
Paris Attacks Have Convinced Iran's Leader To Directly Talk To You
Escape claws: Tigers, piranhas may join Indonesia crocodile prison guard
UPS sold my motor on eBay.
EXCLUSIVE: Mass grave of 80 Yezidi women discovered in Shingal
Rogue emu captured after 60 days on the lam in Delaware
Someone Photoshopped A Sikh Man To Look Like An Alleged Paris Attacker
Donald Trump Has Spent Years Trying To Prove He's Not A 'Short-Fingered Vulgarian'
One night at call center ebook download
Canadians back normalization of U.S.-Cuba relations but fear it will wreck visiting the country for them
Note with 20% more sustainability!
Blind barber awarded $100,000 for being fired from shop in Massachusetts
Download utorrent on ipad 2 5 1 1
Videos Quizzes News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGPARIS ATTACKSJIHADI JOHN STORM ABIGAILSAVE OUR STEELRUSSIAN PLANE CRASH Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News World news Religion Anti-Islam protester surprised after being invited into Mosque by 'nice' Muslims
Скачать daemon tools ultraiso yasu v1 5 8100
Woman Charged With Sex Abuse After 'Humiliating' Twerking Attack in D.C. Gas Station
Florida school threatened 9-year-old with sexual harassment charges for love note
Anti-Islam protester surprised after being invited into Mosque by 'nice' Muslims
Download call of duty n gage 2 0 s60v2
Lowell woman wins legal right to wear pasta strainer on her head for license photo, cites 'religious reasons'
Google self-driving car pulled over for driving slowly
Georgia officials: KKK using adopt-a-highway program to advance 'Klan Country'
David Hasselhoff Is Now David Hoff; Spelling His Long Last Name Was Too Much of a Hassle
Download happy birthday song in korean language
'Fallout 4' Release Kills Pornhub For The Day
France's New Defense Building, Inspired by the Pentagon, Is ... a Hexagon
Bono: Paris was first 'direct hit on music'
Mars One candidates claim they WON'T eat each other on the red planet (but one says he would be tempted...)
Скачать euro truck simulator 2 game save rus с торрента
You raise me up piano version mp3 download
Husband of 9/11 hero send award back over to Caitlyn Jenner
Download adobe photoshop download free download adobe photoshop
Principal threatens 9-year-old boy with sexual harassment charges for writing love notes to his crush.
Reddit has been blocked in Turkey on the 13th.
Bagpipe Music Used To Drive Homeless From Bus Station
Corel draw x6 book pdf free download
Medical marijuana users rally support to change laws they're breaking
751 'Witches' Put on Livelihood Empowerment Programme
Norwegian media - terror attacks on Jewish targets have a valid motive unlike those on "normal regular people"
Minnesota House candidate ends campaign after tweeting Islamic State 'isn't necessarily evil'
Download subtitle for movie jobs
Download movies for pc in hollywood
Chevron plans 232-unit resort for Avila Beach
Download wifi keygen 0 5 промилле
Free download counter strike source all maps jail
Argument over Steelers sparks shooting in Knoxville
Officials believe this young mom jumped from a cruise ship while participating in a twerk off.
Driver vga intel q35
Minnesota State Representative Candidate Withdraws From Race After Saying 'ISIS is Not Evil'
House Candidate Ends Campaign After Tweeting 'ISIS isn't necessarily evil'
Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin upstaged by three cats at G20 Summit in Turkey
Euro truck simulator 2 otob?s yamas? download engine
Man robs bank wearing fake goatee after loitering for forty five minutes.
Mkv film direct download
Belgium's home affairs minister says ISIL communicates using PS4
Saudi woman Gang-raped, Court Gives Her 200 Lashes And Jail Term
Download game race driver grid 3d
Download film noah awal semula avi
Saudi police confiscate 48,000 beer cans masked as soft drinks
Download lock up full movie
Pupil sent home from school for having ginger hair
Lowell Woman gets Permitted To Wear Colander In Driver's License Photo
Alien Abduction Insurance Offered
Open your eyes people!
Blind teacher loses job after rinsing his mouth with Listerine
Download game komputer counter strike gratis
Download mp3 rewind youtube style 2012 on youtube
COMPLAINTS FROM INSIDE ISIS: 'I DO MISS STARBUCKS'
Madonna Wrong To Think Terrorists Will Stop By Giving Them "Dignity And Respect" And "Love Unconditionally"
Sarah Palin: Bristol keeps getting pregnant because God is giving her '3rd, 4th and 5th chances'
Download counter strike reloaded 1 6 free ucp
Download pdf plugin 6 1 4
Download game gta london
U. Minnesota student government rejects annual recognition of 9/11, citing in part "potential perpetuation of Islamophobia"
Download keygen quickdo 3 6 6 характеристики
Download books to motorola xoom photos from camera
Crash pensioner 'hadn't had full licence for 55 years'
'I Just Got Sucked In,' Says Man Who Gave $718,000 to Psychics
SALON BLAMES PARIS TERRORIST ATTACKS ON CONSERVATIVES, CALLS FOR END TO FREE SPEECH
Vape shop 'destroyed by fire' in East London
Download song sun up inna
Los mejores juegos de consolas en el 2015
Minnesota House candidate drops campaign after tweeting defense of ISIS
Indonesia considers building a prison island guarded by crocodiles This alarm clock slaps you in the face until you wake up Paris terrorists suspected of using PlayStation 4 to communicate
Man Who Gave Psychics $718,000 'Just Got Sucked In'
Paris terrorists suspected of using PlayStation 4 to communicate
Great White Sharks Like Heavy Metal Music
Malayalam movie comedy mp3 download
Man Points a GoPro the Wrong Way During an Entire Vacation in Las Vegas
Obama: "I Am Not The Lead Singer From Korn"
Hillary Clinton invoked 9/11 to defend her ties to Wall Street. What?
Download скачать 07 free русская версия
Belgium's home affairs minister says ISIL communicates using Playstation 4
Rare condition gives toddler super strength
Pastafarian woman wins right to wear colander in driver's lisence photo
Chrustian Anti masturbation mascot arrested for masturbating in public
Download itunes songs to new ipod
Christian anti-masturbation mascot "Fappy" arrested for public masturbation at Sea World in San Diego
Woman permitted to wear a colander in her Mass. license photo
Download wallpaper c1 01 mobile games
Download aa kahin door chale jayen hum song youtube
AL Gov. Robert Bentley Refuses Syrian Refugees Following Paris Attack
Governor Bentley will not accept Syrian refugees in Alabama
Download serial avast 7 que nao expira
After Paris, Netanyahu demands world also condemn attacks against Israelis
'Pastafarian' gets to wear spaghetti colander on head in license photo
Download itunes apk need for speed most wanted
Скачать keygen sony vegas pro 11 32 bit ц торрента
Showbox movie app download android
Download android clash of clans hack tool yahoo
Download game counter strike pc
Download minecraft girlfriend mod 1 5 2 pokemon
How do you download free movies on your mac
Take Your Chance For Free Steam Games
Personal loans for bad credit in indiana
Descargar mapas counter strike 1 6 gratis español
Daemon tools free download magyar windows 7 crashes
Free download directx 10 untuk window 7 3
Amber Alert for Twinkle Twinkie Twlight
Download cheat engine yugioh forbidden memories 6 3
The Wiggles original cast set to perform R18 pub gig
Christian Anti-Masturbation's Mascot "Fappy" Arrested For Public Masturbation At Sea World
Download crack winrar 5 3 71
Download counter strike 1 6 non steam protocol 48 yahoo
Download bluetooth to laptop windows 7 mac for free
Download call of duty modern warfare 3 ps3 joystick pc
Puraniks Rumah Bali at Thane
Puraniks Rumah Bali at Thane | Possession | Rates | Floor lan
Blind teacher fired for being accused of drinking.
Indian chief calling for 'racist' redskins to change their name wore blackface for halloween
Pastafarian Allowed To Wear Colander In Driver's License Photo
Download game iso road rash
Anne Frank's Diary Now Has a Co-Author to Extend Copyright
Скачать from youtube on mobile phone для philips
Hollywood film bgm download
Paris Unites in Defiant Solidarity, Then Scatters in Panic
Isis attack on Paris may be an 'act of war' but retaliation may not be lawful
Download latest song zulfa
Lindsey Graham: 'There's a 9/11 coming'
Download adobe flash player di ziddu
Burnsville DFLer abruptly quits state House race after tweeting 'ISIS isn't necessarily evil'
Bangkok half-marathon becomes world's longest after wrong U-turn
Drug Test Proves High School Girl Wasn't High, School Suspends Her Anyway
Download adobe flash player latest version for opera and install
NC based sex toy company chastised for implying fleshlights are better alternatives to fat chicks.
Download games offline apk
Grounded Flights and Long Delays Caused by Windows 3.1 Glitch
Sperm Facial: Beauty Blogger Demonstrates Daily Regimen For Soft Healthy Skin Using Friend's Semen
Mother of Paris bomber says son blew himself up due to "STRESS"
Download steam hitman absolution 1 0 433 1 trainer
We've finally done it. Finally. And just when we all thought payments would have to me made with boring old cash or credit cards.
Sweden's FM cites Palestinian despair in discussing cause of Paris attacks
Zebras Escape from Circus, Lead Police on Chase in Philadelphia Read more: http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/Zebras-Escape-from-Circus-Run-Loose-in-Philadelphia-349993241.html#ixzz3rfJwJwzT Follow us: @nbcphiladelphia on Twitter | nbcphiladelphia on Facebook
Download love the way you lie sam tsui mp3
Fresh anguish for Germanwings volunteers caught in Paris stadium
Sanders doubles down: Climate change causes terrorism
Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus Lit Up In Solidarity With France... With Dutch Flag Colours!
Download manual samsung galaxy tab 4 ядерный
Download film resident evil 4 sub indo
Alabama Walmart Mistakenly Stocks Gun Counter With "Gun Oil" Lube
Gayle Newland: Woman who pretended to be man to have sex with friend jailed for eight years
Download driver zyrex w210cuq
Woman claiming to be a member of the church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster wins right to wear colander on head for driver's license photo.
Black Activists Double Down on Hate with #F***Paris Hashtag - Breitbart
Fort Worth toddler Twinkle Twilight found safe after Amber Alert
Instalka cs 1 6 non steam download za darmo
Amber Alert canceled: 15-month-old girl, Twinkle Twilight, found safe
2,000% price hike for infant seizure drug called 'absurd'
Pastafarian can wear strainer on head in license photo
Bears fans think Mike Ditka has cursed Packers with McDonald's ad
Finally, The Donald Trump Portrait Made Of 500 Dicks You've All Been Waiting For
Www download jannat 2 movie songs
Florida cop shows up 'too wasted' to accept Mothers Against Drunk Driving DUI arrest award
Oxford Dictionary selects 'Face with Tears of Joy' emoji as 2015 Word of the Year
Canadian man's selfie altered to look like Paris suicide bomber
Download manual samsung galaxy tab 4 прошивка
The gun store next door: Residential firearms businesses booming in N.J.
Long hours, a nosy CO & a pet goat aboard U.S. Navy cruiser Lake Erie
Euro truck simulator 2 hungary map download xbox
Christian Pastor Criticizes Paris Terror Attack Victims for Attending "Death Metal" Concert
Deaf Banjo Player Teaches Thousands
Download movie ek vivaah aisa bhi hindi
Leeds pub garden floods, men go for pint anyway
Women out celebrating her 22nd birthday decides to act like a zombie and bites a postal worker and cop
Seymour woman arrested for biting police officer, postal worker
Toronto's first ever cat café opens today
Paris terror attacks: Mother of suspected suicide bomber Brahim Abdeslam says he 'may have been stressed'
Download manual manga studio 5 serial number
9/11 Hero's Widower Returns Award Because It Was Also Given to Caitlyn Jenner
Marijuana found in car illegally parked at police station, cops say
'Pastafarian' Lindsay Miller allowed to wear colander on head in driving licence photo
Download keygen resident evil 6 pc quando lança
Braves Panicked After League Says They Must Field a Major League Team in 2016
Zebras Escape from Circus, Lead Police on Chase in Philadelphia
The Monsters Sebaceous cyst,tratement;Die Monsters Atherom
Cal Berkeley to open minority themed house next fall. UCLA will also discuss building separate housing for black students on its campus. (X-Post from /r/ThisIsNotASafeSpace)
Man paid psychics $718,000 after they promised they could re-incarnate his dead ex-girlfriend and send him back in time
A man gave a total of $718,000 to two New York City psychics in cash to help him reincarnate an ex-girlfriend who had recently passed away.
Cats take over G20 stage in Turkey
The Reclusive Billionaire Behind eBay Has Lived For Years In Second Life As A Segway-Riding Black Guy
Free download adobe photoshop psd files 0 7 full version
26éme Corrida D'Aulnay-Sous-Bois du 11 Novembre 2015
Download pdf kindle paperwhite experience
Download manual nokia lumia 920 8 1
Free download film zindagi na milegi dobara subtitle indonesia
Woman Flips Out Over All-You-Can-Eat Pancake Rule, Police Say
NOV 16 2015, 3:48 PM ET ISIS Has Help Desk for Terrorists Staffed Around the Clock
Floyd Mayweather Gets 50 Cent to Taunt Ronda Rousey After Holly Holm Loss
ISIS Has Help Desk for Terrorists Staffed Around the Clock
Woman Arrested For Denny's Pancake Rage
German robot practices hitting humans to ensure future safety
Fourth grader threatened with sexual harassment charges for writing his classmate a love letter saying her 'eyes are like diamonds'
Christopher Nolan's 'Memento' To Get Remake
Watch Real Video Of Guy Fieri Tossing Autographed Lean Cuisines At Rowdy Fans
Download notebook wordpress theme
Angry Diner Arrested for Assault Over Restaurant's All-You-Can-Eat Pancake Policy
Residents search for missing autistic dog
Denny's customer arrested after becoming irate over all-you-can-eat pancakes rule
Lego's anti-Lego slippers have extra foot padding for protection
Troopers: Bananas Used as Weapon in Walmart Heist
'In Grave Danger': Amber Alert Issued For Twinkle Twinkie Twilight
STUDY: Binge eating is common in apple-shaped women
Charlie Sheen Is HIV-Positive: Sources
Police: Teen breaks into house, eats food, masturbates into fridge
Download film upin dan ipin episode terbaru
Qatar's Emir amends penal code to protect GCC flag, punish witchcraft
Chicago woman Natasha West charged with assault over all-you-can-eat pancakes
Dad accidentally films entire vegas vacation with camera pointed at himself
Waffle House wows food critic Anthony Bourdain
Download flash player for google chrome adobe com
Clash of clans gems hack download tutorial using cydia
Why terrorists love PlayStation 4 "It's very, very difficult for our services," says Belgium's interior minister.
Oxford Dictionaries Word Of The Year 2015 Is an Emoji
Download books by mary higgins clark free alone
Download pdf 2007 free doc
Pastafarian wins right to wear colander hat for license photo.
Oxford Dictionaries Selects an Emoji as Word of the Year - 😂
Canadian man arrested for assault with weapon. That weapon being a pizza
Oxford's 2015 Word of the Year Is This Emoji - 😂
Police: Argument over biscuits and gravy ends in father shooting, killing son
Rage Against the Machine bassist: I apologise for Limp Bizkit
Pastafarian wins right to wear colander hat in license photo.
Oxford has gone full onion
BOY SCOUTS: Inland Scouting official killed in rocketry accident
Gangnam style mp3 song free download now
Trump suggests that the United States should consider closing down some US Mosques.
Download chrome installer full yahoo messenger 11 5
Pastafarian wins right to wear colander in driver's license photo because it's part of her religion
Toddler legally named Twinkle Twinkie Twilight who was 'abducted by her birth mother' is found safe ten hours after amber alert was issued
Pastafarian woman gets to wear strainer on head in license photo
Denny's customer irate over unlimited-pancakes rule swung at server, cops say
Texas troopers ticketing Hispanic drivers as white
when did washington become a state?
Christian Anti-Masturbation Dolphin Mascot 'Fappy' Arrested for Swimming Naked with Dolphins
Pastafarian allowed to wear colander for license photo
Download ms office 2003 free jar file
when did Washington become a country?
Nokia asha 305 spiderman game download
A mascot for a Christian anti-masturbation group was arrested today for masturbating in public
Download tom and jerry game for psp
Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2015 is :)
Op-ed in official PA daily: Israel carried out Paris attacks
Canton woman pleads guilty to stabbing Akron man during fight over salsa, sex offender status
Minnesota Democrat ends bid for state assembly seat after sympathetic Islamic State tweet
Police: alcohol played role in UGA student's nine-story fall
Are You Happy Now? Oxford Dictionaries' Word Of The Year Is A Damn Emoji
Pimp who held a baby while the child's mother had sex gets probation
TMZ: Charlie Sheen Will Reveal He's HIV+
Busted: Totally Proven Beyond All Doubt: The French Government Staged The Attacks
Bananas Offer Hope in White Nose Syndrome Treatment
Ugandan man faces deportation after 'failing to prove he's gay'
Download cricket game wap
Pat Robertson: God Didn't Heal Cancer Victim Because Maybe She Hated Her Husband
Jimmy Butler's 6,000 Pound Fish Tank Plays Music For His Fish
Man wraps house in foil to ward off aliens
Man sprayed kids in face with squirt gun, sentenced to 18 years
Christie: I Wouldn't Even Take in 3-Year-Old Orphan Refugees
Qayamat drama song download
Jeb Bush: Let's Focus On Helping The Christian Syrian Refugees, Rather Than The Muslims
Jeb Bush: U.S. assistance for refugees should focus on Christians
Asian visitors keep breaking national park toilets by standing on the seats to squat.
Driver usb 3 0 hp pavilion g4
Charlie Sheen is HIV positive, report says
Oxford Dictionary selects an emoji as "Word of the Year"
Download windows xp language pack english
Oxford Dictionaries' word of the year is the 'tears of joy' emoji
Lion Air pilot allegedly offers air hostess to passengers to compensate for delay, 'moans' heard over PA system
Woman Sentenced for Man's Death after Penis Enlargement
Toenails stashed in Harvard basement could hold clues about cancer
'Black Lives Matter' Supporter Releases 'F**k Paris' Rap Song
Download counter strike 1 6 map de_dust2x2 bsp
Download cheat engine no root apk para android
Chris Christie: U.S. shouldn't let in Syrian orphans
Pastafarian heroically wins right to wear colander in her license photo
Isis could theoretically be using Mario Maker to plan it's atrocities
Deborah Ann Burns, Florida Woman, Says Fart In Face Provoked Knife Fight
Reporting Error Leads To Speculation That Terrorists Used PS4s To Plan Paris Attacks
Fallout-4:Pornhub hit by significant drop in traffic following video games release
Man drinks Jager Bombs, sleeps with chickens
Indonesia to use crocodiles as prison guards
DJ Kill Paris Changes Stage Name to Chill Harris After Terrorist Attacks in France
Hd movie download software for pc
Spaghetti Monster church member wins right to wear colander in US licence photo
Now you can meet up for Dungeons & Dragons in virtual reality.
Download hindi film lakshya
Yep, You Can Play Dungeons & Dragons in VR Now.
Download driver usb camera xp
Activity Trackers Discover an Extra Four Miles in Half-Marathon
Former KMT leader Chiang Ching-kuo's old lakeside villa in Hangzhou reopens as a McDonald's
Read 50 shades of grey online free pdf no download
Man gives up Internet, loses 70kg in one year
Download call of duty version 1 3 you
Download utorrent latest version for windows 8 bit full
Tap Into Health - Fun Tap Dance Workout DVD System
Cheat engine 6 3 darkorbit v13 hack uridium 2012
Daemon tools download free descargar gratis numero serie
ISIS uses PlayStation 4 to communicate
아이피 변경없는 네이버 추출기 판매 네톤:junhe0626 스카이프:jinzhe221 070-7946-8806
Shia LaBeouf talks #ALLMYMOVIES: 'I walked out loving myself'
Alabama poses a greater risk to Syrian refugees than those refugees pose to Alabama
Download pdf urdu novel saiqa
Man mortgages wife for Rs 30,000, kills lender later - The Times of India
Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year Is an Emoji
Download call of duty nazi zombies free soundboard
Download eset nod32 antivirus smart security 5 home edition
Health and safety "gone mad": Blind Bristol girl banned from using walking cane in primary school Read more: http://www.bristolpost.co.uk/Health-safety-gone-mad-Blind-Bristol-girl-banned/story-28185529-detail/story.html#ixzz3rjX8fYTG Follow us: @BristolPost on Twitter | bristolpost on Facebook
Health and safety "gone mad": Blind Bristol girl banned from using walking cane in primary school
Скачать песню the chromium heart pure life fitness
Motorised picnic table cruises down Perth highway
L.A. Police Union Thinks Award For Not Killing Suspects Is 'A Terrible Idea'
The "Fuck the EU" Lady gives a speech at Berlin Safety Conference, Promotes TTIP
Indonesian newly-weds ate alleged rapists genital: Police
When East meets West, toilet seats take a beating
Download cpu z 64 khong can cai dat
Download adobe premiere mac free
Ancient virus found preserved in frozen caribou dung
Download itunes iphone 5 64 bit 9 0
Young men storm school claiming to be from Isis
Download counter strike 1 6 hl exe indir gezginler
Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents warns against 'storm selfies'
Blow jobs 'expected to overtake smoking' as the main cause of mouth cancer
Download sound drivers for windows xp realtek
Police officer noticed he'd parked in disabled bay so gave HIMSELF a ticket
Cheat engine 6 2 dragon city codes 6 3 download
Group of men captured on film cruising down a busy Perth highway on picnic tables
Blind girl told by school not to use cane and 'walk carefully' instead
Flight chaos as airport admits its air traffic control PCs still run Windows 3.1
Syrian refugees should be trained into an army to fight Isis, Poland's foreign minister says
Download streamline english book free
9/11 Picture of boxes of explosives, put in the twin towers... by art students??
Download bot cs 1 6 no steam y bots
You belong with me full song free download
Donald Trump Repeats Call to Inspect Mosques for Signs of Terrorism
Wrong data tapped into iPad by pilots causes Qantas jet's tail to strike tarmac
Turns Out That There Is A Gender Pay Gap... At Gawker
Ride-Hailing Company Ola Deploys Boats to Help in Chennai Floods
Donald Trump: I should be President because 'I can feel' terrorism
Three People Given Citations After Brawl Over McNuggets at Local McDonald's
Police search for 'motorised picnic table' drivers seen travelling through Perth's Scarborough Beach area
Free download song pk vivah
Free download call of duty modern warfare 2 demo for pc
Demis Roussos Happy to be in an Island in the sun
Download cs 1 6 protocol 47 48 torent tpb
Download game hacker evolution duality
Christie: I Wouldn't Even Let 5-Year-Old Syrian Orphans Into The Country
Muslim Party will further divide nation says Love Australia or Leave Party
Download counter strike 1 6 lan version highly compressed
Charlie Sheen confirms he is HIV positive
Charlie Sheen says he is HIV-positive
Charlie Sheen says he has HIV virus, has paid millions to keep it secret
Kentucky counties with highest Medicaid rates backed Matt Bevin, who plans to cut Medicaid
Download clash of clans ipad hack 9 3
Download mp4 movies mobile bollywood free
Charlie Sheen, HIV positive
Super Nerd to Clean Up the Pacific
Antonin Scalia: Logic Behind Gay Rights Rulings Could Also Apply To Child Molesters
Wife of South Africa's 'genitals in freezer' man shot dead
Fugitive Ohio shoplifter is fanatic for 'Downton' DVD collections
Man arrested for accidentally shooting woman during sex
Download cs 1 6 condition zero free jugar online al
Woman Battered Beau Over Sex Position Dispute
Teacher arrested for running illegal strip club
Pakistan Tells Pilots 'Don't Fly Drunk'
Boy Stars in New Barbie Commercial
Cs go key generator free download v1 1 exe
Download game race mobile9
Pastafarian wins right to wear colander on her head
Former WWE wrestler Taz says Ronda Rousey-Holly Holm fight was fixed
Charlie Sheen on 'Today': I am HIV positive
Download pdf divergent quiz
Download call of duty on android demo 2
Trans woman repeatedly comes out to her mum with dementia
"Fallout 4" May Have Caused A Dramatic Dip In Pornhub's Traffic
METALLICA Drummer Lars Ulrich Says He Will Play "Pots And Pans" On New Album
Oxford Dictionaries selects 'tears of joy' emoji as 'word' of the year 😂
Indonesian newlyweds ate genitals of alleged rapist
Africa Faces Up To Obesity Epidemic
Massachusetts Pastafarian wins right to wear colander in license photo
METALLICA Played "St. Anger" By Request & It Didn't Sound Bad
Finnish scientists identify 'drunk and disorderly' gene
Andy Dalton upset after JJ Watt calls him 'Red Ryder BB Gun'
Rupert Murdoch to Obama on refugees: admit only 'proven Christians'
Boy, 15, charged with cyber-attacks and airline bomb hoaxes
Download android 5 0 for samsung 2 s8530
Gary Glitter loses appeal against conviction
Ex-Taiwan president's home turned into a McDonald's restaurant
Trump and Huckabee cite the cold Minnesota winters as a reason Syrian refugees shouldn't come to the U.S.
Group of black men from Chicago start their own KKK chapter, claim local black people have devastated their area
Suspect in homicide case snorted heroin hidden in his butt while in custody: cops
Trump: Minnesota too cold for Syrian refugees
Deputies: Man killed by dog he had adopted hours earlier
Sheriff: Linn Co. woman shot husband while trying to kill self
Scientists now think that being overweight can protect your health
Download euro truck simulator 2 bus mod free how to install
'Pastafarian' wins right to wear colander on head in driving licence photo
Download license key avast free 7
Download driver lenovo p6200
Justin Bieber Really Wants to Top One Direction
Texas GOP Lawmaker: Keep Syrian Refugees Out Of Our State Because It's Too Easy to Get A Gun
Indonesian newlyweds accused of eating alleged rapist's genitals
Victim of sandwich assault tails his attacker until police arrest him
Four Vancouver men hoping to cross Strait of Georgia in hot tub
Girl tweets to put hit out on Donald Trump. Gets called out by local blog. Loses job. Calls cops on herself to complain about blog.
Sooners fan mistakes courthouse for Hilton, winds up in jail
Upset Mom Writes Crazy Open Letter To Cam Newton
Angry Nashville mom claims Cam Newton's dancing corrupter her child
NRA-Backed Legislator: We Can't Take Syrian Refugees Because It's Too Easy For Them To Buy Guns
Investigators: insect contributed to fatal crash in Ocean County
Скачать pdf app игру
Oxford Dictionaries selects 'face with tears of joy' emoji as word of the year
Haven't got your flu shot? Uber is offering one-day, on-demand vaccinations to your doorstep
Police: Drunken Man Assaults Victim With Sandwich
Police Civil Asset Forfeitures Exceed All Burglaries in 2014
Doctor pulls baby's legs, head comes off
Klingon sword brandished after trash dispute in Spokane
Fatal Shooting Suspect Snorts Heroin Pulled From Butt While in Custody: DA
Trump Says He Would 'Strongly Consider' Shutting Down Mosques In The U.S.
Christian Uber driver beaten by passenger who 'thought he was Muslim'
Spanish TV reporter confuses 'Star Wars' symbol for al-Qaida logo
Man can't charge electric car because council fenced off his driveway
The Redskins are so money right now, they're finding real cash on the field - CBSSports.com
Cats Invade G-20 Summit Stage, Bringing A Welcome Laugh
Governor says no to refugees while a state lawmaker says those here can buy guns
Bill Murray will throw you in the pool in exchange for an autograph
Paris attacker's mother: 'My suicide bomber son blew himself up because of stress'
Mother of Paris suicide bomber says her son must have blown himself up because of 'stress'
Texas GOPer Warns Refugees Could Carry Out Attacks Thanks To Lax Gun Laws
Prof: I Chose Not To Have Children, Because They'd Be White
There's no evidence ISIS used PS4 to plan Paris attacks
Intoxicated woman tries to open an exit door on British Airways flight
Lawmaker: No Syrian refugees to Texas because they could buy guns
Download microsoft excel for mac free full version
Download manual enc inverter whirlpool
ISIS Pharmaceuticals 'may look to change name'
ISIS has 'help desk' to aid would-be terrorists with encryption
Download song yaadein tere
Harvard Band says they were just trying to spell 'Pen '15'
Gawker to Retool as Politics Site
Dartmouth students want to dump Dr. Seuss for Social Justice
Hours-long standoff ends when officers realize suspects aren't home
Leave the EU to get better curries for Brits, says MP Paul Scully
Former senator, ex-convict to tackle Millinocket's problems
Texas lawmaker in NRA's pocket argues his state can't accept Syrian refugees because it's too easy to purchase firearms in it
Virginia police: Drunken man assaulted victim with sandwich
Ben Carson's Advisers Terrified of Carson Presidency
The Italian Marxist-Leninist Party Supports ISIS as an anti-imperialist force
Anonymous Declare War On ISIS Following Paris Attack
Man uses Klingon sword in trash dispute
Waffle House to give free food to winning city in Clemson-South Carolina game
NFL Power Rankings: Seahawks at No. 5 proves just how bad rest of NFL is
Jeb Bush slams Obama for 'getting us into a quagmire'
Regulator rubbishes 'health and safety' claims which denied blind Bristol girl her walking cane
Glasgow City Council workers being trained to WATCH neighbour's bins for signs of terrorism
Movie album art download
Charlie Sheen reveals he is HIV positive
ISIS calls Anonymous 'idiots,' offers tips to evade hackers
Convicted pimp facing life sentence in Fla. confesses to unsolved '92 Queens murder - so he can spend life in N.Y. prison.
Congressman: To stop ISIS, let's shut down websites and social media
Thought this was hilarious
Emoji wins 2015 Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year
Animal-loving man killed by newly adopted dog
Spokane neighbor gets out Klingon sword after trash dispute
'Surprise! I'm still alive': wife confronts man who paid to have her killed
Ben Carson Is Struggling to Grasp Foreign Policy, Advisers Say
Cam Newton's dance draws criticism from mother of 9-year-old
This picture of Donald Trump is made entirely out of 500 penises
When Twitter thought #PrayForParis was for Paris Hilton
Bison Traffic Jam Is The Best Reason To Be Late For Work
According to a recent study, Florida is filled with stupid people
Sending cats to prison: A 'win-win'
Barack Obama Can't Believe Roger Goodell Makes $44M Per Year
People Are Scaring Their Cats with Cucumbers. They Shouldn't.
LEGO Creates Anti-LEGO Slippers To End 66 Years Of Horrible Pain
Cats Invade G-20 Summit
Canadian coal association names former Alberta environment minister as new president
Disney will release a new Star Wars movie every year for as long as it can.
Caitlyn Jenner Still Plans to Vote Republican in 2016 she still plans to vote for a Donald Trump or a Ben Carson or someone else in the #GOPClownCar
Fallout 4: Pornhub hit by significant drop in traffic following video game's release
Donald Trump Reveals He Can Sense Imminent Terrorism, But Decided Not To Say Anything. "I predicted terrorism because I can feel it."
Area woman compares introduction of parking meters to plight of Arab Spring protesters
Ultimate Dad Fail: Dad accidentally films in selfie mode all of family vacation
Woman arrested for allegedly throwing sausage at pregnant woman
Donald Trump: I should be president because 'I can feel' terror threats.
Ben Carson's Step-Sister Reveals: I'm Not Voting For Him
Dad films entire vacation with the camera facing the wrong way
Man Tries To Trade Kidnapped Baby For 15 Big Macs At Arkansas McDonaldâs
Oxford Dictionary's 'Word' of the Year Is an Emoji
Man arrested after failing driver's test, assaulting Secretary of State employee
Raccoon rescued from jar
Petition urges Chicago women to withhold sex to prevent violence
Man killed by Rottweiler he adopted hours earlier
MMA fighters Ronda Rousey, Holly Holm prove Women in MMA are comparable to "bad cheese and old meat"
New York taxi owners are suing the city for letting Uber destroy their business
Presidential Candidate John Kasich Proposes New Government Agency to Promote Judeo-Christian Values
After ISIS Paris Attack, Saudi Arabia's King Salman Donates $110M For International Anti-Terrorism Center
Court Fails to Appear in Court
MMA fighters Ronda Rousey, Holly Holm prove (sporting) beauty in eye of beholder
Kasich calls for new federal agency to promote Judeo-Christian values
No boys allowed: Bainbridge Island teacher imposes ban on popular activity
Carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy, advisers say
Kerry sees 'rationale' in Charlie Hebdo murders, unlike Friday's attacks in Paris
Substitute teacher criticized for Chief Keef lessons
Johns Hopkins Awards Honorary Masters Degree To Guide Dog Who Sat Through All Of Owners Classes
Alberta's Former Environment Minister Gets New Job as Coal Lobbyist
Rand Paul Says You Don't Have a Right to Pants
Broken Bridge Residual snow ...cheap jordans
Dairy Queen Robbed By Sword - Wielding Man
French Return to Cafes in a Show of Defiance
Sixth Graders Quizzed on Chief Keef's Arrest at Fiske Elementary
Police searching for mates driving a motorised picnic table
Chief Keef lesson plan irks parent
ISIS Has a 24-Hour Help Desk for Terrorists
ISIS has a 24-hour help desk training terrorists in online security
Corn stalk encased in ice hailed down from tornado-producing Texas thunderstorm
Police: Couple said possums, people came out of fridge
Woman Gets Two DUIs On The Same Night, In The Same Car
Paralympics to get tough on scrotum-squeezing 'boosters'
Man takes selfie while wife gives birth to child in background
Area woman compares introduction of parking meters to Arab Spring
Man in Joker Mask Vows to Kill 'One Arab a Week' Across Quebec
Spectator attacks linesman with his penis at football match in Spain
Soccer Fan Tries To Hit Female Referee With His Penis
Obama Reveals He Can't Keep Track of the Game of Thrones Characters
Woman Wins Right to Wear Colander on Her Head in Driver's License Photo
Chief Keef On The Curriculum At Chicago Elementary School Has Parents Outraged
Mitchell: Chief Keef lesson plan irks parent
Putin: 'To Forgive The Terrorists Is Up To God, But To Send Them To Him Is Up To Me'
Скачать kdwin 2010 для windows 7 64 bit бесплатно
Blakely teacher restricts Lego-play to her girl students in the pursuit of gender equity
Article: Police in Australia search for 'drink-driving' men who rode on motorised picnic tables
Police in Australia search for 'drink-driving' men who rode on motorised picnic tables - Telegraph
Google play movies downloaded to device
Download pdf merge free documents into one
LEGO Creates Slippers to Put an End to Parents' Misery Once And For All
Download driver of hp laserjet 1020 plus
Storm Barney's Causes Tens Of Pounds Of Damage In Wrexham
Fallout 4 Gameplay Blamed For Limp Porn Website Traffic
Puraniks City Sky Villa
Thousand flavors of Vietnam 14 Days 13 Nights - Vietnam Culinary travel - Vietnam Cooking Tour For lovers of Vietnamese culinary art. http://www.khoaviettravel.fr/Voyage_classique_Vietnam.html https://www.youtube.com/user/khoaviettravel/videos
University Of Kansas Grad Ends Hunger Strike After It Becomes Clear Everyone Was Going To Let Him Die
Download android adb driver x64 x86 for windows 7
'Facebook thinks I'm a terrorist': woman named Isis has account disabled
Download pdf embedded in flash movie
Football Fan Tries to Slap Assistant Referee with His Penis
Indian Postal Department Will Now Convert Your Selfies Into Postage Stamp!
Texas Republican: We Can't Accept Refugees Because It's Too Easy To Buy Guns Here
Melbourne must use city tower rooftops for sport, report finds
Download pdf xi pro offline installer
Crimea leader bans schools from celebrating Halloween as it 'undermines Russian values'
Cop charged in fight with Dunkin' Donuts worker
Download nollywood movies on mobile
Download crack idm 6 19 build 3
'In God We Trust' Decals Patriotic, Not Religious Creek County Sheriff Says
Download euro truck simulator 2 bmw mod yamas?
Victim of twerking attack breaks silence on sexual assault
Motorized Picnic Tables Are on the Loose In Australia
Japan surprised to find Justin Bieber and world praying for them
'Kiss of Love' organisers among those taken into custody for alleged online sex racket
1080p video songs download ladies vs ricky bahl
Download games zombie vs plants
Download directx 10 download windows 7 64 bit update
Vomit-covered, drunk trooper offered woman $1,000 not to report crash, cops say
Download film perang kerajaan
Payday loans that do not contact employer
Dartmouth Admin APOLOGIZES To Protesters Who Menaced Students Dartmouth admin apologizes to protesters who menaced students
WOMAN TO RECEIVE LIFE-SAVING KIDNEY DONATION, MATCHED THROUGH TINDER
FBI arrests Seminole man for threatening Pinellas mosque - and leaving his name
Syrian refugees relieved they won't end up in Saskatchewan
Dartmouth official apologizes to Black Lives Matter protesters for 'not nice' media coverage
Donald Trump And Mike Huckabee Argue The U.S. Is Too Cold For Syrian Refugees
Police arrest teen who built gun-flying drone
Man marries pizza because 'pizza would not betray you'
Project m download instructions xbmc
Free download hollywood film in 3gp
TSA throws out child's Buzz Lightyear souvenir
Police launch operation against terrorists
ROAD SAGE: A $1,500 fight against a $290 ticket
Huong dan download game igi 2
Texas woman accused in Missouri buttocks injection death
British woman behind 'stop immigration and close UK borders' petition which has gathered almost 500,000 signatures in wake of Paris attacks lives in Spain
Virginia man accused of 'assault' with a sandwich
Ben Carson Can't Place New England On A Map (PHOTO)
Iraq is flooding America with lots of oil
Fecal matter left outside Black Cultural Center. Students get mad, turns out it was a blind person with a service dog
Winrar 64 bit windows 7 rus скачать бесплатно
Ben Carson Doesn't Know the Geography of New England
White Americans long for the 1950s, when they didn't face so much discrimination
Fecal matter left outside Black Cultural Center. Students get mad, turns out it was left by a blind person with a service dog who couldn't find a trash can
Teacher lends USB to student with her nudes on it. Tells student not to click them. [x-post /r/facepalm]
Animal lover mauled to death by Rottweiler he adopted hours earlier
Texas Republican lawmaker Joe Barton calls for social media to be 'shut down' to stop Isis
Two men steal car, drop kid inside off at school
South Side woman launches 'sex strike' to end violence
Download pdf 6 free jpg converter software
Thieves steal car, drop boy off at school in Norfolk
Louisville judge disqualified from cases over social media posts
Spain 'issues arrest warrant' for Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu over 2010 Gaza flotilla attack
Animal rights group sues, says amusement park lets Candy the chimpanzee smoke cigarettes and have soft drinks.
Rep. Westmoreland: Hillary Clinton laid 'a trap' for Benghazi committee by answering their questions
Selfie song music video download
John MCCain Circa 2013 "WE SHOULD ARM ISIS"
Download adobe flash player blackberry bold 9900 to install
WATCH: CNN anchors berate innocent Paris Muslim because he won't 'accept responsibility' for attack
The Cure for Your Semen Allergy Might Be Injections of Your Own Semen
US May Bring Criminal Charges Against JP Morgan, RBS Executives, Prosecutors Pretend
Lawsuit: Amusement park lets chimpanzee smoke cigarettes
Rihanna to Launch Marijuana Line Dubbed 'MaRihanna'
Man pays over $700,000 to a Manhattan psychic to reunite with dead girlfriend.
Texas Lawmaker Says State Can't Accept Syrian Refugees Because It's Too Easy To Buy Guns In Texas
Ben Carson's campaign made a U.S. map and put a bunch of states in the wrong place
British woman behind 400k petition to 'close UK borders'... lives in Spain
Indian postal customers to put their own selfies on stamps
CNN anchor blames French Muslims for failure to prevent attacks
Download total eclipse of your heart wimpy kid
TSA Investigation Finds 73 Workers on U.S.'s Terrorist Watchlist
Bride divorced for showing groom what to do on honeymoon
Скачать microsoft office excel 2007 njhhtyn za darmo
eBay scammer steals identity of special agent investigating him
Emptied of 'the stuff of life,' Montclair Pathmark dies 'a natural death'
Police Called To School After Picture of Student Posing With AK-47 in Pakistan Discovered After Overlaying Facebook Profile Photo With The French Flag
450 illegal tamales from Mexico seized at LAX and destroyed
Qatar slavery museum aims to address modern exploitation
Free download film bioskop box office
Police: Sword-wielding man robbed Dairy Queen
Cats, the No. 1 killer of birds in Canada
University of Vermont holds 3-day privilege retreat for white students
Valley residents refuse to be intimidated by ISIS threats
450 illegal pork tamales seized at LAX
Facebook photo of schoolboy posing with AK-47 sparks alert
Sword-wielding man robs Port Huron Dairy Queen
Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2015 is the Laughing with Tears of Joy Emoji
Congratulations fortune ....cheap jordans for sale
450 ILLEGAL PORK TAMALES FROM MEXICO SEIZED FROM PASSENGER AT LAX
Crybullies - we are all apparently racist for not agreeing with them.
TSA Investigation Finds 73 Workers on U.S.'s Terrorist Watchlist - NewsWeek
Appeals Court rules against copyright for hot yoga poses
3rd-Graders Who Studied Chief Keef Also Shown 'Nightmare on Elm St.,' More
Have you tried restarting it?
Univ. of Vermont holds privilege retreat for students who 'self-identify as white'
IS sympathiser asked advice on Twitter to bomb London tube or shops.
Sixth-Grade Teacher Adds Chief Keef to Lesson Plan
My white neighbor thought I was breaking into my own apartment. Nineteen cops showed up.
Bolivia's President Apologizes for Calling His Health Minister a Lesbian
Tennessee GOP leader: Round up Syrian refugees, remove from state
Beer mile record-setter signs shoe deal with Brooks
Lawsuit: Amusement park lets chimpanzee smoke cigarettes, drink Coke
Download key generator 2014 nba 2k14
Check Out Range Rover's New Convertible
Spanish Reporter Confuses Star Wars Rebel Alliance Logo With Al Qaeda in Live Broadcast
Saudi Arabia refuses Syrian refugees to occupy their 10,000 unoccupied, air conditioned, tents; instead offers to build 200 mosques for refugees in Germany.
Anonymous Releases "How to Hack ISIS" Guide, Terrorists Respond with "How to Stay Safe"
Carson Announces Detailed Plan to Google Syria
Lungi dance song free download wap
Ted Cruz to Obama: 'Insult Me to My Face'
Saudi Arabia refuses Syrian refugees to occupy their 100,000 unoccupied, air conditioned, tents; instead offers to build 200 mosques for refugees in Germany.
Download film transformer 1 idws
Man jailed after cops mistook soap for cocaine on I-78 files suit
Cheat engine 6 2 league of legends download usar
Скачать бесплатно driverpack solution для windows 8 r237
Titans Fan Pens Letter to Cam Newton Saying His TD Dance Offended Her 9-Year-Old
MIT staff opened time capsule 957 years too early.
Americans threatening to move to Canada if U.S. takes in Syrian refugees
Quad Amputee Sausset Launches 2016 Garage 56 [Le Mans 24h] Entry
'Star Wars' Franchise Planning Never-Ending String of Films
The book of revelation graphic novel free download
Man caught smuggling 450 tamales on a flight from Mexico
Download film perang sampit
Chicago Teen Arrested After Calling 911 And Asking "Where the Hoes At?"
Man throws sandwich at another man in Fairfax shopping center parking lot and flees
Rihanna is getting into the marijuana business
Download cydia no jailbreak ios 8 or computer
Car thieves give 8-year-old a ride to school in Norfolk
Philly cop arrested for attacking Dunkin Donuts employee, bystander
Ben Carson Announces Detailed Plan to Google Syria
Cannabis Smell At Elementary School Traced To Wild Flower
Download keygen eset nod32 antivirus 8 version free
Oxford Dictionaries names 'tears of joy' emoji as 'word' of the year
Metro Planning and Design manager warns staff to be vigilant against 'mass quantities of boogers' found in office
Death row inmate not allowed beer for last meal
Cheat engine 6 3 dragon city gems hilesi türkçe youtube
Holy Wi-Fi: Russian Church to offer free, 'clean' internet to all
Pigeons Good at Detecting Breast Cancer
Woman Charged After Hug Leads To Ax Assault
Vanderbilt Hate Crime Turns Out To Be Blind Girl's Dog's Poop
Movie box doesn't download
Скачать keygen фотошоп cs4 и без регистрации
Roanoke Mayor David Bowers: No Syrian refugees to Roanoke Valley until security assured
Man pushed to death for boarding women-only train
Mayor of Roanoke, VA invokes Japanese internment, says city won't help resettle refugees
Lawmaker Calls for National Guard to Expel Syrian Refugees From Tennessee
Founder Of 'Close UK Borders' Petition, Tina Reeves, Currently Lives In Spain
Roanoke Mayor David Bowers: Reject refugees like U.S. interned Japanese
Holy Land Experience to open Trin-I-Tee miniature golf
Man Arrested for Stabbing Neighbor over Witchcraft Allegations
Free download film the conjuring blu ray
Stillborn babies incinerated to heat UK hospitals
Carson campaign redraws map of U.S.
Dallas Woman Charged in Missouri Butt Injection Death
Download game battle realms pc rip
Dallas Woman Charged With Manslaughter in Butt Injection Death
Norfolk on verge of decision over cutting of roadside grass - Politics - Eastern Daily Press
Download codec for windows 7 media player free
FBI Agent Testifies Shrimp Boy Denied Knowledge Of Crimes
Realtek rtl8168 ethernet controller driver download
Download iyo yoruba movie
Teacher apologizes for physics problem about pushing Syrian refugees off raft
Clinton Goes after Laugh Factory Comedians for Making Fun of Her
Couple Found Guilty of Keeping a Nigerian Man Captive Since 1989
Traveler caught with 450 pounds of illegal pork tamales
Russian man 'marries' a pizza because love between humans is 'too complicated'
Qatar's very credible plans to WIN the 2022 World Cup
Edgy Anarchist Shocked at Racism of Friends
'Scrotum Squeezing' Getting Closer Look From Paralympics Officials
Man marries pizza because 'pizza would not betray you...and I love it'
Mass UFO Sighting Over Los Angeles: Huge Fleet Of 12 Orb UFOs Summoned Through Meditation, Group Claims [Video] Read more at http://www.inquisitr.com/2569445/mass-ufo-sighting-over-los-angeles-huge-fleet-of-12-orb-ufos-summoned-through-meditation-group-claims-video/#qSv8pTsSyYR578iX.99
UA students pranked into giving school back to Mexico by ASU
Download music money in the bank lil scrappy
Tamale takedown: Traveler carried 450 illegal pork tamales
Englewood store on South Broadway, ISIS Books and Gifts, hit by vandals
TEXAS MAN BEAT GIRLFRIEND FOR REFUSING TO SMELL HIS ARMPIT, SAY POLICE
Armed police called to Tooting Broadway after man 'armed with scissors threatens passengers'
Bookstore named 'Isis' becomes target of vandalism
Woman says man attacked her with pillow inside a Florida Walmart
Car stolen with child inside; carjackers drop child off at school
John Cena to Host Military-Inspired Competition Show on Fox
Packers fans want Aaron Rodgers to stop having sex with Olivia Munn
Purdue police search for missing giant pencil, thief leaves no trace
Download plugin photoshop full version
BlackBerry believes in encryption backdoors - believes it's good for business
Geneva police: Teen beat parents with frying pan; didn't want to go to school
Packers Fans Believe Olivia Munn Is To Blame For Team's Poor Play
Woman says man attacked her with pillow inside a St. Augustine Walmart
Heroin delivered like pizza
Overwhelmed NSA surprised to discover its own surveillance "goldmine" on Venezuela's oil executives
Isis Bookstore confused with terrorist group ISIS
Josh Duggar sued by porn star Danica Dillon for assault and battery
Heart found on Ryerson University campus
Police are hunting for guys driving motorised picnic tables on the streets of Perth
Jeb Bush says free college is a lot like when you're a crab in a jacuzzi and then you're dead.
Josh Duggar Sued By Porn Star Danica Dillon For Battery
Female referee victim of sexist attack after football fan tries to slap her with his penis
Sex in space? Prepare to strap in, says Neil deGrasse Tyson
Free download movie online avatar
A Washington man is under arrest for attacking his neighbor with a Star Trek sword
13 year old boy gets in shootout and kills burglar
Download film kelahiran doraemon
Car thieves drop boy off at school after discovering him in the back seat
Squirrel in toilet gives Great Falls homeowner a jolt
A Washington state man is under arrest after attacking his neighbor with a Klingon sword during an argument about trash.
Cat Confused with Mountain Lion Prompts Evacuation
Why Congress won't vote on the war against the Islamic State
Download pdf manual nikon 610 user
Va. mayor suggests internment camps over Syrian refugees
$2K for a Selfie With Bieber
A Selfie With Justin Bieber Will Cost You $2,000 On His Purpose Tour
Download game gta 320x240 jad
Patients in limbo after doctor accused of huffing and driving surrenders medical license
Man Paid Salary To Drink Beer, Run
Surfer, bitten by shark, kills shark in revenge
Russia Insults U.S. War Strategy with Weird Cat Metaphor
Download rick ross oil money gang mp3
Download instructions not included free avi
John McCain wants to outlaw encryption that the US government can't crack
TSA consficate 450 tamales at lax
Download driver vimicro usb pc camera windows 7
After Endless Demonization Of Encryption, Police Find Paris Attackers Coordinated Via Unencrypted SMS
Download windows xp driver kit
Man throws sandwich at another man in Fairfax City shopping center parking lot and flees
Kasich Asks For Equal Air Time On "Saturday Night Live"
Homeland Security uncovers 'illegal tamales' at LAX
TV reporter mixes up 'Star Wars' symbol and al-Qaida logo
Trying to paint everyone as racist just makes this journalist seem racist...
Husband 'Killed Wife's Rapist, Hacked Off His Penis Then Cooked And Ate It'
Undercover police literally chauffeur a couple to buy bombs, then arrest them as terrorists.
Trump Calls Protester 'Seriously Overweight'
Company which raised price of AIDS drug by 5500% reports $14m quarterly losses.
Download skype ubuntu 14 04 32 bit free
Selfie-defense courses teach Russians to use selfie sticks as weapons
Man marries pizza because 'pizza would not reject or betray you'
Giant Tent Having Its Troubles
Download song of honey singh jaan mangdi
Florida Man gets DUI in golf cart, hands cop a Prison ID
Rising rent forces Beaverton superhero to move away
Russian man gets married to a pizza, says it would not betray or reject you
Download pdf editor free foxit
Download wwe games for psp free
Aboriginal Journalist Who Reports On Racial Profiling Racially Profiled On The Way To Work
Download game java nokia 7210 supernova
Truck Full of Domino's Pizza Dough Crashes, Dough Rises Across Road
450 illegal pork tamales seized from LAX passenger
Is This DJ Khaled Beating The Crap Outta Somebody?
Download chrome for windows 8 1 64 bit zip
Burt Reynolds: I regret turning down Bond
Neil deGrasse Tyson explains why killer robots don't scare him
Download plugins vst for mac
Download game apk pes 2011
Скачать keygen dll files com fixer rus
Rich Homie Quan Raps About Having Sex With His Cousin
Snoop Dogg launches high-end weed brand
Download x deluxe ed sheeran free zippy
Free download driver lenovo g470 for windows xp
Police: Girlfriend hits woman with ax for hugging boyfriend
Download driver intel r hd graphics 3000 acer
450 illegal tamales from Mexico seized at LAX and 'incinerated' (not steamed)
A Denver bookstore named "ISIS", after the Egyptian goddess, has been repeatedly vandalized:
Download skyfall movie on ipad
Currant thinking: how a raisin can predict if your child will be clever
Alabama Governor Agrees to Allow Syrian Refugees Who Can Run a Sub-4.5 40
Drunk Pole claims bomb on plane, forces emergency landing
Indonesia: Man kills wife's rapist, chops off his penis, cooks and eats it
Police "riot van" called in after diner refused to pay for steak because it was well-done not medium
in kẹp file giá rẻ chất lượng tốt
Mandurah teacher's nude pics prompt Education Department investigation after lending USB to student
Saudi vs.Team Timor: Space Jam Soccer Edition
Safe Spaces Segregate the Claremont Colleges.
Electrician who bought stun guns 'to see how they worked' faces jail
Download ebook to ibooks
Bomb drops behind ISIS member as he's recording a video
Pigeons can be trained to distinguish cancerous tissue in pathology slides
Max pain movie download
Spectator tries to hit female assistant referee with penis in Granada
Download password unlock euro truck simulator 2 mod
Download cheat engine 6 2 (link in description virus free) lyrics
NRA defends stance on law that allows terror suspects to get firearms
Meet the woman in the American flag hijab
Millions of men have 'no close friends'
Philippine police deploy Katy Perry to disperse APEC protesters
Google self-driving cars drive like your grandma - they're never the first off the line at a stop light, they don't accelerate quickly, they don't speed, and they never take any chances with lane changes
Download avast internet security full version b?n quy?n
Power pop: Philippine police deploy Katy Perry to disperse APEC protesters
Download cheat engine ultimate version 6 2 full
Katy Perry song deployed to disperse protesters in Philippines
Download google chrome english version for windows 7 5 0 free
Pigeons taught to diagnose breast cancer on X-rays
Gender pay gap 'may take 118 years to close' - World Economic Forum
Gender pay gap may take 118 to close - world economic forum
Скачать pdf php файл с сайта
Student: I was suspended for having a consensual threesome
Fat coral have better survival chance, researchers find
ISIS has a 24/7 Jihadi Help Desk to aid would-be terrorists
Denver bookstore named ISIS is vandalized
Canadian miner Lucara finds 1,111-carat diamond - believed to be second-largest ever
Researchers find tiny fruit fly has sperm 20 times the length of its own body
Longest Known Sperm Create Paradox of Nature
Tiny fruit fly has the longest sperm
Colorado outhouse named America's Best Public Restroom
Eurovision pick is famed for anti-gay song
University of Minnesota Vetoes A 9/11 Memorial Because It Would Violate The Safe Space For Non-Americans
Determined Woman Completes College Exam While in Labor
Texas man accused of assaulting girlfriend after she wouldn't smell his armpit
Carjackers notice 8-year-old in back seat, drop him off at school
You Can Now Order a McFrappe in the Old Living Room of Chiang Kai-Shek
What Is Stupid? We Now Have a Scientific Answer.
Ek galti song download wapking in
Download counter strike zero full version yukle indir org
It's a steak out! Police called to village pub after row over 'well done' beef
Star Wars logo mistaken for al-Qaeda symbol in Spanish news report
Download film jepang itazura na kiss love in tokyo
David Cameron to get own plane for official trips
Pa. cop charged in alleged assault at Dunkin' Donuts
The U.S. government doesn't know what technology to blame for the Paris attacks
Download driver laptop toshiba satellite c800d
Police called as Roma midfielder is mistaken for terrorist by hotel guests
Animal lover killed by dog he had adopted just hours earlier
Quarter of men believe they have 'man periods'
That time of the month - do men get 'periods' too?
Crips and Bloods Unite, Declare War On ISIS
Download vivah hindi movie video songs
Download keygen do office 2010
Drunk UGA student falls out of 9th story window, survives, then goes back inside to sleep
Virginia thieves find boy in stolen car, drive him to school
Texas: We don't need academics to fact-check our textbooks
Strange ancient face spotted on Mars rock
Man killed by dog hours after adopting the animal
Parents are afraid kids will tell their new Barbie too many secrets.
Ragini mms 2 full movie download wap
World Toilet Day: One Billion People Have Nowhere to Go
Russian Governor Promises Tons of Coal as Reward for Weight Loss | News | The Moscow Times
Fire at fire station causes half a million dollars in damage.
What effects can the Environment have on Health
Dinosaur claws among items on annual list of dangerous toys
An Uber driver once made his wife ride in his trunk while he worked, CEO reveals
Obama says Syrian refugees are no bigger threat to U.S. than 'tourists'
Website Makes Light of Refugee Crisis by Ranking the 'Hotness' of Syrian Women
Download song hum tere bin from aashiqui 2
News photographer's tripod mistaken for gun prompts 911 call
Roanoke mayor uses internment camps to justify refugee policy
Texas won't allow experts to fact-check textbooks
Texas school board rejects push to enlist academics to check textbooks for factual errors
Syrian Refugee Family Bound For Indiana Gets Sent To Friendlier State
Trump's Focus on Muslims Distracting Him from Campaign Against Mexicans, Supporters Fear
Syrian Refugees We'd Take Immediately (fuck linking to them)
Study finds more Mexicans leaving the US than coming
Paris Suspect Who Blew Herself Up Was Angry Cops Assumed She Was Alleged Attack Planner's Girlfriend
SA court may be forced to decide who suffered more under Apartheid
Bird Brain? Pigeons make good Pathologists, Studies find
Religious Sisters Pose As Prostitutes To Rescue Trafficking Victims From Brothels
George Lucas says if he could be any 'Star Wars' character, he'd be Jar Jar Binks
List of demands to colleges from "Black Lives Matter" protester groups.
Bird Brain? Pigeons Make Good Pathologists, Study Finds
Alligator Crashes UF Students' Lake Alice Picnic
The Statue of Liberty was originally conceived to be Muslim
I'm a Feminist Because I Fart on Dicks in the Club
Download game for phone samsung corby
El Cerrito robbery suspect's selfies end up in victim's cloud storage
Peter Jackson: 'I didn't know what the hell I was doing' when I made The Hobbit
Jared Fogle pleads guilty, blames diet for his sex crimes
Download free mp3 song i can only imagine
Yellowstone National Park proposes to kill 1,000 bison
New water sommelier is revolutionizing the drinking water industry
Woman who tried to feed dead husband to birds pleads guilty
Donald Trump Calls Heckler 'Seriously Overweight'
Trump Would Not Rule Out Requiring Muslims to Carry ID Cards, Register in Database
US woman kills 38 sheep in drunk driving crash
Ex-Subway pitchman Jared Fogle gets more than 15 years in prison for child porn, sex with minors
Download keygen idm 5 18 ultraiso
Fogle: 'Not a day will go by where I don't think about the victims'
Oregon superhero 'Guardian Shield' defeated by rising rent cost
Jared Fogle Sentenced to More Than 15 Years in Prison, Blames the Subway Diet for His History of Pedophilia
Car thieves drop off abducted child at school
Pornhub Blames 'Fallout 4' For Decline in Traffic On Day of Game's Release
Download counter strike 1 6 crack for free
Help! My short position got crushed, and now I owe E-Trade $106,445.56
Trump mocks 'seriously overweight' protester at rally
Free download honey singh songs in mp4
Download from youtube free 50 shades of grey
Moment of silence for Paris victims doesn't pass quietly at soccer game
Conservatives: Avoid Windows 10
Woman assaulted with slice of pizza
Alabama man files lawsuit against gun maker Taurus; claims safety defect killed son
Group manager plugin download 1 3 1
Struggling Murray gives himself haircut during match
Скачать utorrent для линукс
Guy Fieri threw an autographed Lean Cuisine into a crowd of people
The first "blacker than black" t-shirt
Watch Guy Fieri Toss an Autographed Lean Cuisine to an Adoring Fan
Jared Fogle's doctor says he became 'hypersexual' after he lost weight on the Subway diet
Скачать keygen the симс 3 сверхъестественное 2 в 1
Burt Reynolds finally reveals he was born in Lansing
San Francisco Man Evicts Himself, Embracing the Inevitable
More Mexicans Leaving Than Coming to the U.S.
See India Through Steve McCurry's Lens
Jared Fogle sentenced to 15 years, says it's all Subway's fault
Download love story ko by gloc 9
A Student Who Wants Free Everything Gets an Extremely Rude Wake-Up Call When Someone Checks Her Math
Jared Fogle Blames Subway Diet for "Hypersexuality" and Sex Crimes
BBC accidentally broadcasts giant vagina during Jeremy Hunt interview
Starbucks is selling a sterling silver gift card that costs $200 to purchase, but comes loaded with $50 in store credit.
Jared Fogle Sentenced to 15 Years, Claims Subway Diet Made Him Horny
A Dad Discovers the Teen Meaning of the Phrase 'Netflix and Chill' and is not amused.
Republican Ben Carson compares Syrian refugees to 'rabid dogs'
Download latest movies free now
Los Angeles airport is opening up a terminal exclusively for celebrities
Judge orders family suing a deceased Gregg Co. sheriff to sue more people
Police search for 'motorised picnic table' drivers in Australia
US State Department Trolls Russian Newspaper Over 'Fake Letter'
Police search for 'motorised picnic table' drivers
Download pdf sample 1080p
Pro Gun Texas Rep Worried Syrian Refugees Can Buy Guns Too Easily
Florida mayor tries to pay $4K ethics fine with buckets of pennies
Download keygen youtube downloader untuk blackberry
Pigeons spot cancer as well as human experts
Transgender girl says she is rejected by straight guys for 'having male parts'
Texas Doesn't Want Kids' Textbooks To Be Fact-Checked
Ohio 16-year-old dead after fight with another girl over flatulence - adults watched instead of breaking it up
Father names baby son Bermondsey Millwall Den without telling his wife
More Mexican Immigrants Leaving U.S. Than Entering, Report Finds
Ex-Subway spokesman Jared Fogle gets 15 years in prison for sick crimes as doctor says weight loss made him a sex fiend
15 Years in Prison, Blames the Subway Diet for His History of Pedophilia
Girl with diabetes banned from school field trip, then punished for missing it
Murfreesboro IHOP loses $2,000 in food after prank call
450 Illegal Tamales Seized At Los Angeles Airport
Pepsi really is making an Android phone: Pepsi Phone P1 pops up in China
US woman kills 38 sheep in drink driving crash - police
Agneepath chikni chameli audio song download
JIMMY IOVINE: 'WOMEN FIND IT VERY DIFFICULT AT TIMES TO FIND MUSIC'
Download 802 11b/g wlan driver 0 7 1001
Border Patrol agents uncover 450 illegal pork tamales at LAX
The Drinking Water at India's Train Stations Is Undrinkable
Women Find It Very Difficult at Times to Find Music
Blue Ivy's Continuing Her Music Career With A Huge New Album Apperance
Vengeful Surfer Plans To Eat Shark He Says Bit Him
Florida surfer seeks revenge on shark that bit his hand
UK Dealers of Affordable Luxury Balboa Hot Tubs
Men overeat to impress women - study
Download games for android kitkat 4 4
12-hour Standoff Ends When Cops Realize Nobody is Home
Free download avast internet security 8 0 1483 license file
Hasbro's new robotic cats are 'companion pets' for the elderly
Jimmy Iovine thinks finding music is too difficult for women
Download directx 10 windows 8 64 bits gratis
Kansas State University band apologizes for halftime show formation
Скачать pdf онлайн игры на телефон
Winnipeg, Canada on national geographic's list of best trips on earth for 2016/
Apple Music head Jimmy Iovine believes finding music is "very difficult" for women
Man accused of trying to put woman in oven in domestic violence case pleads guilty
Download crack zoo tycoon 2
Colorado bookstore named Isis vandalized
Veteran's therapist placed on leave after dressing as disabled Marine for Halloween
Rihanna launching range of marijuana products called 'MaRihanna'
'Star Wars' Rebel Alliance Logo Mistaken For Al Qaeda Logo By Spanish Television Channel
Do Men 'Eat to Impress' When a Woman's Around?
Reporter confuses Star Wars' Rebel Alliance with al-Qaeda
Officers find marijuana operation after girl's report that dad grows strawberries in closet, Owasso police say
Lego worth $20,000 stolen from Ontario toy store
U.S. criticizes Israel's sentence for policeman filmed beating teen
Men allegedly steal car with boy inside, drop him at school
Indonesia apologizes for posters saying sneezing can transmit HIV
Texas rejects allowing academics to fact-check public school textbooks
CNN: White males are to blame for terrorist attacks in US
Focused Ga. Mom Completes College Exam While in Labor
Jared Fogle's Lawyer Blames 'Mild Pedophilia' On Subway Diet Weight Loss
If you downvote this you will be kicked off of reddit.
Los Angeles airport to build special terminal just for celebrities
Justin Trudeau, '#APEChottie', swarmed by shrieking admirers
Jennifer Lawrence got drunk for Chris Pratt sex scene
Tennessee woman with loaded gun hidden in vagina pleads guilty
Man cuts off his ears to look like a parrot
China detains suspected spy near North Korea 'with map in his underwear'
'Hitler' given as reason for not allowing young people EU vote
Why kid's birthday party invitations may be a discrimination issue
'FREAKY SEX': Woman shot in the head during wild romp in hotel room
Facebook Tries to Ease Heartache of Breakups With New Tool
Man lives with 65 cats in a van
Giovanni Gambino Warns ISIS: The Big Apple is Off Limits, Thanks to Sicilian Mafia
ISIS baffled why refugees are fleeing Middle East and BEGS them to return
Man slips in vomit, runs own head over
450 Pork Tamales Seized at LAX
Cruz to Obama on Refugees: 'Come Back and Insult Me to My Face'
Donald Trump Says Muslims Should Be Forced To Wear 'Special ID Badges'
Facebook pages unable to post statuses
Police play Katy Perry to disperse APEC protesters
Officer accused of singing at concert while on duty stripped of police powers
Car thieves accidentally kidnap boy, drop him off at school
Man Drives Himself To Taco Bell After Being Shot
Jared Fogle's Defense Connects His 'Mild Pedophilia' to a Diet of Subway Sandwiches
White people problems: The Commercial
Religious sisters posing as prostitutes to save sex slaves eye expansion
Woman Who Hid Gun In Her Vagina Pleads Guilty, Awaits Sentencing
Woman Jailed For Hiding Loaded Gun In Crotch
Detroit citizens outraged over planned veterans center because it infringes upon their cross country skiing
How Rad: 'Sodomy' features in Match.com's IPO
TSA Investigation Finds 73 Workers on U.S. Terrorist Watchlist
Spooking cats with cucumbers could cause 'psychological problems,' says Calgary vet technician
'Star Wars' has broken all-time box office pre-sales records four weeks before it opens.
The Canadian military is hoping to recruit volunteers with a specific skill set: knitting
"People who Like EDM are Technically Retarded" Study Claims
NRA, Republicans block proposed law to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns in U.S.
Individuals on FBI's Terrorist Watchlist Allowed to Legally Purchase Firearms
Utah school apologizes for homework assignment to make propaganda poster for terrorist group
Women on Tumblr Are Making Beautiful Art Inspired by Their Vaginal Discharge
NASA Finds Message From God on Mars
Jenny McCarthy on Charlie Sheen's HIV Diagnosis: "How Could You Not Be Upfront?"
If you have ever thought your name sounded bad, spare a thought for this guy.
More Mexicans leave than enter USA in historic shift
US criticizes Israel for soft sentence on policeman who beat up American
Pilot grounded after offering flight attendant as a delay compensation
Support pours in for fired E. Greenbush Walmart employee who redeemed $5.10 of cans
Palin: Jesus would fight for the Second Amendment
Chaos At Paris Orly Airport After Air Traffic Control System Running Windows 3.1 Crashed
Chocolate cake breakfast could help you lose weight
Download call me maybe official song
Indonesia's Lion Air grounds pilot for 'offering flight attendant as compensation' for delay
Student who posted 'I'm going to shoot every black person I can on campus' ... is black
Punches thrown as rival yoga gurus clash in midnight brawl
Baltimore cop who slit dog's throat acquitted of animal cruelty
Man Embarrassed to Use Selfie Stick Creates Ridiculously-Long Selfie Arm Instead
Download punjabi movies in mp4
Wii games instructions download usb
Download adobe photoshop new version 2013 download full
Kenyans stuck in '50km' traffic jam on Nairobi-Mombasa road
Metropolitan Police apologized to tricked women for the relationships had with the Undercover Officers.
Download film indonesia subtitle gratis
Adventure quest cheat engine 6 2 download worlds
Download mp3 songs veer zaara free
Download yahoo messenger latest version for windows 8
Download keygen autocad 2010 32 bit 64 bit converter
Pope Francis has released a rock album
Black Michigan student charged in threat to 'shoot every black person I can'
Sanford police officer fired for singing at death metal concert
Download game rip hitman 2
Trump won't rule out database, special ID for Muslims in US
One in four men 'suffer MAN PERIODS': Time of the month triggers cramps, irritability, cravings and erratic emotions
Download film my heart mkv
One Quarter Of Men Say They Have 'Man Periods' Every Month
Apparently 'man periods' are a thing that 'one quarter' of British men claim to experience every month
We earn £190k a year. Do we need to sell our flat to afford private school fees?
Anna Duggar Called Out for Baby Daughter's Outfit
Six ways to help your autistic child understand terrorism
Blame the White Guy 2015: University group hosts White Privilege retreat
Mississippi House Race Comes Down to One Deciding Straw
The Next Cheap Android Phone Comes From...Pepsi?
Leak reveals a brand-new Android phone made by... Pepsi
Phuc Dat Bich posted a picture of his passport on Facebook to prove it was his real name
UNC-CH students interrupt town hall meeting with list of demands
Download driver of hp officejet 4500
Texas state troopers to ask drivers their race in effort to monitor racial profiling
Former PM wants neutrality on French aid: give equal assistance to Islamic State
Download american pie band camp unrated parents guide
'White student union' formed to 'organise against black terrorism' at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
Facebook tests 'break-up' tools
Use of High-Tech Brooms Divides Low-Tech Sport of Curling
Prison Ahead For Woman In Vagina Gun Case
Man called Phuc Dat Bich posts passport to Facebook after he is repeatedly banned from site
Phuc Dat Bich: Man posts passport to Facebook to prove his name is real
Puraniks City Sky Villa at Thane | Godhbunder Road | Pre-Launch
Download film kartun ganool
Sanford cop off the job after singing on stage at metal show
Skanky suicide bomber used to be a selfie-taking party animal
Texas Board of Education Refuses To Allow Professors To Fact-Check Textbooks
Canadian government attempts to make 'viral comedy video'
'Negative meaning' forces school to rename ISIS registration
One in five kids believe everything Google tells them
Sanford cop fired for singing about killing with death-metal band
Apple boss says finding music online is too 'difficult' for women. Seriously
Former snooker world champ Steve Davis digs Ricardo Villalobos and Surgeon
Man with world's most unfortunate name gets banned on Facebook
'I gave my heart to a fictional character', says woman deceived by undercover policeman
Download directx 10 c for windows 7 amd
Tory MP Philip Davies says more women should be sent to prison to achieve equality with men
Download call of duty zombies free 6 full game
Facebook's real name problems: Man called Phuc Dat Bich repeatedly banned from social network
Download cheat engine 6 2 exe free 4 windows 7
Women Charged over Hot Wing Dispute
Download film baru mywapblog
Download vampire diaries season 4 episode 8 english subtitles
German Singer Whose Lyrics Insult Gays and Jews to Sing at Eurovision
Donald Trump Says He'd 'Absolutely' Require Muslims to Register
US gives Russian newspaper grammar lesson over 'fake letter' to LGBT activist
CIA blames National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden for Paris attacks
Dartmouth's apology to its students' ... attackers
Trump claims that if elected, he would require all Muslims in the country to be forced to register in a database.
Utah school realizes it shouldn't ask students to make terrorist propaganda posters
Download game pc london 2012
Man says WalMart fired him for collecting, redeeming cans from parking lot
Jennifer Lawrence removed from Israeli Hunger Games posters
Guy called Phuc Dat Bich keeps getting banned from Facebook
'Sodomy' and scandal: Tinder's thoroughly embarrassing stock-market debut
Columbia Student Claims To Be Traumatized By Reading About White People
Download frozen movie for android
Facebook to roll out new tool aimed to ease heartache of breakups
Ted Cruz Creates a 'National Prayer Team'
Download mp4 song po po of son of sardar
Quick book software free download 2010
Campaign seeks condom emoji for safer sexting
'I'm interested in his Murrayness': Bill Murray exhibition opens in Gateshead
Want a beer with your latte? Starbucks seeks liquor license in Utah
Allegedly drunk woman arrested after 38 sheep killed in hit-and-run
Pigeons can identify cancerous tissue on x-rays, study finds
Kerry says U.S. can 'neutralize' Islamic State quicker than it did al Qaeda
Satanic Temple Offers To Protect Muslims Fearing Backlash In Minneapolis And San Jose
Pigeons identify breast cancer 'as well as humans'
Police officer fired for singing Let the Killing Begin on duty and in uniform
Playback: Mike Huckabee wants you to 'wake up and smell the falafel'
Marlins taking offers on Marcell Ozuna because Jeffrey Loria "can't stand the guy"
Mississippi to settle state legislative race by drawing a green straw, within a box, within a bag.
[Italian site] During a bank robbery: "It's ok, we're not ISIS"
Tiny frogs as loud as power mowers drive Hawaiians to despair
Zindagi na milegi dobara mp4 film download
Derek Jeter Denies Giving Gift Baskets To One-Night Stands
Скачать ключи для касперского 2011
The sport of curling has been swept in controversy over high tech brooms
Tinder CEO confuses sodomy with sapiosexual during candid interview on personal life
Tinder CEO gives painfully candid interview, confuses sodomy with sapiosexual
Man Named Phuc Dat Bich is Pissed That Facebook Keeps Shutting His Account Down
Amish Man Clocks a 3:05 at Harrisburg Marathon
Leroy Stolzfus clocks a 3:05 at Harrisburg Marathon in full Amish garb
Sooners fan arrested after mistaking Waco courthouse for hotel
French citizens plan satirical orgy in response to Paris attacks
'No problem. I will talk to my boss': B.C. man learns he will be next king of Ghana tribe
A filmmaker is trolling the British film board with a 14 hour long movie of paint drying
'Suspicious' Package at ISU Was Just Documents
Warning as toaster sets on fire after pensioner uses Facebook tip to make cheese on toast
Real-Life Winnie-the-Pooh Skull on View at London Museum
Utah man facing terrorism charges for calling in bomb threat to hospital where wife was in labor.
Does accepting refugees increase risk? YES
Ketchup Leather: The condiment revolution is finally upon us
TN Lawmaker Calls For Round Up Of Syrian Refugees
Expectant father makes bomb threat to hospital so he can arrive to see child's birth in time
Drunk Guy On Flight Just Wants To Drop Trou, Smoke Cigarettes, Find Wife
Students with special needs were labeled with a sticker at Hartford school
Android movie player apk download
Utah junior high school asks students to draw 'terrorism propaganda poster'
Boston Marathon bombing survivor tweets about airline losing prosthetic leg
Men eat more pizza when trying to impress women, study suggests
Download frozen disney movie ganool
American Airlines looses the prosthetic legs of professional dancer and Boston bombing survivor Adrianne Haslet-Davis.
'Garish' coloured lights make Plymouth incinerator look like giant jukebox, says councillor
DrivingDirty Movement, Asks Californians to Help Lessen Drought Impact
Suit claiming deaf camp is too noisy thrown out
American Airlines looses the prosthetic leg of professional dancer and Boston bombing survivor
Man hits bullet with hammer
Martin Shkreli is now the CEO of a publicly traded pharmaceutical company
Woman Live-Tweets A Couple's Insane Breakup On A Delayed Flight
Passenger live-tweets couple's epic breakup on plane
Jokar movie music download
Man named Phuc Dat Bich keeps getting his Facebook account shut down.
Eastbound I-70 near Lookout Mountain reopens after "aggressive" cow captured
Airline loses marathon bombing survivor's prosthetic leg
Weatherman kills ice giraffe on live TV, ruins holidays
Download directx diagnostic tool free 4 windows 7
Former Premier League footballer 'was trafficked for sex'
Pepsi Debuts Smartphone Market by Launching P1 & P1s smartphones
Roanoke mayor apologizes for refugee comments: I didn't think it'd go viral
Trump: 'I'm the Ernest Hemingway of 140 characters' Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2015/11/trump-ernest-hemingway-216109#ixzz3s44zBciR
Trump: 'I'm the Ernest Hemingway of 140 characters'
Download bluetooth usb adapter es 388 v2 0
Big Sugar Settles With Big Syrup in Fight Over `Natural' Tag
Death toll rises in southern Colorado sheep DUI crash
Man wearing full Amish garb clocks great time in marathon
Woman claims she was assaulted with broomsticks
Hover boards banned in New York
Poorly Thought Out White Sox Poncho Night Ended Up Looking Like A KKK Rally
Free download euro truck simulator 2 with crack hack
Obama names 'Jade Helm 15' most entertaining presidential conspiracy theory | All Ablog Austin
Free download latest horror movies of hollywood
Florida Police Officer Fired For Singing
Woman claims she was assaulted with broomsticks in A&M parking lot
Guy from Ghana, living in Canada, finds out he's been crowned king of a tribe in Ghana. Moves back to Ghana.
Man called Phuc Dat Bich posts passport after he is repeatedly banned from Facebook
EDL facebook fan page can be reviewed like a hotel ! THE FUN
Download uno game for mobile
Indian Railways attempt to hire disabled staff backfires in building with no lifts or ramps
Phuc Dat Bich posts passport photo to prove name to Facebook
Filmmaker protests against BBFC with 14-hour paint-drying film
All in one movie download related software
Controversial mural outside Lafayette bar gets 'facelift'
Quran majeed book download
Adele attributes her huge success to Sarah Palin
Download film komedi cinta indonesia
After draw, Ross commissioner race comes down to shake of a bottle
New Detroit Lions President 'I'm not a football guy'
Utah School Under Fire for Asking Students to Write ISIS Propaganda Poster
Скачать directx 9 linux 10 11 для windows 8
Democrat Wins Mississippi House Race After Drawing Straw
Angry, escaped cow stops traffic, gets tackled by cops
Feminists: Witchcraft Is Sexist & Transphobic
Inmate On Death Row Denied 6 Pack Of Beer As His Last Meal
Obama picks his favorite conspiracy theory
Georgia Inmate Marcus Ray Johnson Denied Beer as Last Meal
Download emptiness brand new song
Pigeons found to Identify Breast Cancer with 99% Accuracy
A chinese theif got caught in net cafe while playing LoL, asked the officer to arrest him after the game ends - because he "dosn't want fail his team". x-post /r/leagueoflegends
Inmate who smuggled loaded gun in vagina faces added jail time
Democratic wins Mississippi house race after drawing straws.
Скачать directx 10 setup for windows xp wv
Porkish delight: Wild boar swims the Bosporus, terrorizes Istanbul locals
Woman gives birth to baby boy in bathroom at Birmingham Walmart
Gun found in woman's VAGINA after cops pull her over for driving offence
Woman accused of operating prostitution ring: 'It was massages with free fun after work'
Oregon's Student Government discriminates against student group hosting Pro-Gun rights poker tournament
Man named Phuc Dat Bich blasts Facebook for shut down
Download call of duty united offensive rar windows 7
Psychiatrist in Jared Fogle Case Links Weight Loss And 'Mild Pedophilia'
Sanders drops line attacking super PACs from speech after super PAC backs him
Download boost hack for nfs world free and money
Man Arrested in Fifth Ave Apple Store trying to slash prices with real samurai sword
Mississippi state election settled by 'drawing straws'
Facebook bans man called Phuc Dat Bich - posts passport to prove his name | Metro News
Download manual str 8500 dvr radar detector
Woman Insists She is a Bike, Sits on Bus Rack
Download bass booster for pc 2 2 apk
Скачать ключи касперского 2015 5
Download standard ps 2 keyboard driver windows 7
Speakwell english book marathi free download
Cardinals' Carson Palmer fined $11,576 for pelvis-thrusting celebration
Download movies on windows mobile
Yale Students Ask University To Abolish Term "Master"
Donald Trump's Call for Muslim Registry Denounced by Democrats
Portland man brings his own feces to court as evidence
Download film ninja go
Melbourne Café So Well Hidden, Owner And Staff Forget Location
Download euro truck simulator 2 promo trailer hd
Canadians Asked To Stop 'Spocking' Bank Notes
Two male university students expelled after the female involved in the threesome makes a complaint (no rape or sexual harassment mentioned)
Man swings samurai sword at Apple store, terrifies customers
Free download game hp girl
Mississippi man arrested for stealing pens from St. Tammany Parish Sheriff's Office
Alcohol, age likely play role in student's survival after nine-story fall
TSA Confiscates 5-Year-Old's Buzz Lightyear Toy
Элеврус Элефант Етериум и облачные майнинги
Utah school apologizes after kids told to make ISIS propaganda posters for project
Скачать активатор для windows 7 ultimate x64
Elderly man simply trying to park his Mitsubishi Pajero has damaged four vehicles, two boats, three trailers and two garages.
Canada Day watchdog wants fireworks display to happen in the afternoon
White robber nabbed wearing African-American 'Hollywood' mask
Download pdf 2013 html
Download adobe reader ultima version x gratis en español
Man who called 911 to get out of ticket: 'Please hurry up'
Don't all rush to enter at once but it turns out there's a scrotum beauty pageant
Crystal Palace: Man arrested after attempting to punch mascot Kayla the eagle at Charlton derby
When asked how forcing USA Muslims to register in a database was different than Jews registering in Nazi Germany Mr. Trump kept telling people "You Tell Me" until finally refusing to answer the question
Paris attacks: female suicide bomber Hasna Aitboulahcen liked wearing cowboy hats but joined an Islamic State terror cell
Palestinian Official Praises Son for wanting to kill Israelis
GunTV shopping channel to start its shows in January
Man gets 3 ½ years for killing another man with a single punch
Tory MPs block bill to give first aid training to children by talking non-stop until debate ends
Faux Speakeasy Shut Down for Resembling Actual Speakeasy
Donald Trump's ex-wife once said Trump kept a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed
Скачать djvu reader для windows 8 mobile 6 5
Just so you know: The government already has a list of Muslims in the U.S.
Columbia Student in Anguish Because She Has to Read Books by White People
China just uncovered a $64 billion 'underground bank'
U Of A To Change Name Of "ISIS" Student Registration System
Pope Francis calls Christmas a 'charade' as the 'world continues to wage war'
WHITE SOX PONCHO GIVEAWAY HAS UNFORTUNATE CONSEQUENCES ON TV
Download adobe flash player untuk android free 3 2
Download counter strike 1 6 cu boti 1 5
Landscaper finds out he's the king of a tribe in Ghana
Download free cricket games for windows 8 pc
Oh, Canada. Live long and prosper.
Pope claims Christmas is a 'charade' due to continued war across the world
Скачать counter strike 1 6 in lan 8 с торрента
Download driver usb htc wildfire
'White Student Union' challenges Black Lives Matter at University of Illinois
Download driver hp officejet h470
Download keygen for windows 8 8 1
Jeb Bush Is Cool With Syrian Refugees Who Can 'Prove' They Are Christian
Free download ebook komputer lengkap
Download keygen nuendo 5 portable free
Jeb Bush would back refugees who 'prove' they're Christian
Download box movie terbaru
Wash yourselves in money, veteran governor orders his tax collectors
Download hindi movie comedy scenes
Michigan Sheriffs Spend Medical Marijuana Funds on iPads, Tasers and New Trucks
Скачать directx 11 32 bit windows 7 2012
Website untuk download film bioskop indonesia
Man arrested on suspicion of trying to punch Crystal Palace mascot Kayla the eagle
Book in microsoft excel 2007 free download windows xp
Download pdf mendeley bibliography
Puraniks City Sky Villa | Thane (w) | Godhbunder rd..
Download bluestacks app player for windows 7 pc android app player
Bosch WH27 Tronic Whole House Electric Tankless Water Heater 240 Volts
Download mobogenie market for android 4 1 2
Free download directx 12 terbaru untuk windows 7
Download tamil pdf for mobile
Accused molester: 'Guys get raped too'
Скачать aimp latest version rus бесплатно (русская версия)
British police still shun guns despite Paris attacks: 'We are an unarmed force - we're proud of that'
Download bukkit gui 1 5 2 0 8 7
Download cheat engine 6 2 for 8 ball pool uang
Download manual avira free server 2003
Download songs in hero no 1
New clubhouse leader for "cultural appropriation concerns" after "mindful stretching" classes oppress. It appears someone does not like to exercise.
Download qubool hai title song video
MAN ACCIDENTALLY SHOOTS WOMAN WHILE GIVING HIM ORAL SEX?
Free yoga class cancelled in Ottawa as it is deemed "cultural appropriation"
Researchers have successfully trained pigeons to spot breast cancer calcifications in X-rays and microscope slides.
John Harbaugh giving out 'effort stickers' to reward Ravens
Princeton University Abolishes Term "Master" to Avoid Seeming Racist
Unsafe to Sew on Train
When A Stranger Leaves You $125 Million
Send In The Clowns
Download dev c 4 9 9 2 free bloodshed
Wayne Police: NJ Woman Posts 'Silly Piggies Tricks R For U' On Social Media After Filing False Report
Mississippi legislative election settled by drawing straws
Amish man runs marathon in traditional slacks and suspenders
Surveillance: Robber's gun jams as he tries to shoot Good Samaritan Tulane student in head
DNC Ad Attacking Republicans for Saying 'Radical Islam' Is Laughably Stupid
Download keygen ulead videostudio 11 gratuit avec
Winnie-the-Pooh's skull goes on display, reveals sweet tooth
Download drivers for hp compaq d330 ut
Armed police called to reports of gunman at Stevenage station - but find man with sandwich
Texas Man Accused Of Assaulting Girlfriend For Refusing To Smell His Armpit
Скачать pdf ясин сура
Download driver dell vostro 5470
Zimbabwe's Mr Ugly pageant turns ugly
Texas 'Marijuana Meltdown' Panel Focuses on Children, Disease, Low IQ
Download samsung kies driver software
Download akon song nanana
O lal meri pat rakhiyo mp3 download mika singh
Sword Wielding Man at NY Apple Store Arrested
Amish man runs fast marathon in traditional slacks and suspenders
Download drivers handbook california
Download game need for speed hp java
The ice-age flute that can play The Star-Spangled Banner
Army To Lower Divorce Rates By Training Soldiers Not To Marry Strippers
Shot twice during robbery, Phoenix ice-cream truck bleeds cherry syrup
Turkish nationalists direct anti-Russia ire at wrong consulate
Download song bad blood taylor swift
Rugby fans rush to Buddha statue resembling popular player
TRANSPORT AUTHORITY URGES TAXI OPERATORS TO STOP TRANSPORTING CHILDREN IN THEIR TRUNKS
Woman Finds Out Boyfriend of Six Years Is Undercover Cop Spying on Her and Her Friends
Download youtube videos youtube blocked on copyright grounds
New Hampshire man accused of shooting neighbor's toilet
Download driver asus quiet track
Download driver san francisco pc kickass
University of Ottawa Student Federation shuts down on-campus Yoga due to "Cultural Appropriation"
Amish runner Leroy Stolzfus posts rapid marathon time - in traditional slacks
Download chrome extension youtube video downloader not working
Chris Christie Is Stuck in an Airport Cafeteria and No One Is Bothering Him
This is the feel-good overclocking manga you've been waiting for
WWE Survivor Series Is Listed As Site For A Potential Terrorist Attack
Bank robbers in Italy declare "we're not terrorists, this is just a robbery" in attempt to calm customers. (Translated from Finnish)
Spooking cats with cucumbers could cause 'psychological problems,'
Rogue emu netted after two months on the run
Download song ishk bulava
Download songs directly on iphone free
Download keygen nitro 9 installer
One in four men suffer 'man periods'
Police want to track down 'suspicious' dog-walker taking pictures in park
Derek Jeter Denies Giving Gift Baskets to One-Night Stands, Disappointing Sexist Louts Everywhere
Bad credit personal loans in alexandria la
Impaled Florida worker saved by power-saw wielding pastor
Скачать pdf c# павловская
Kuch kuch hota hai pc movie download
Chinese investor wants to import a million donkeys per year from Brazil
Russia sends police puppy to France to replace Diesel
'Larger machete' thwarts alleged machete-wielding robber
Single woman turns the tables on men and sends potential dates unsolicited pictures of her vagina - and is horrified when almost all respond with crude enthusiasm
Senate Democrats want to know why American toddlers keep shooting people
Download winrar setup for windows 7 l free
Pride and prejudice ebook download for mobile
Woman flirts with and sends 'vagina pics' to men on dating site and his appalled to get enthusiastic replies
Drunken sailor eight times over limit when 7000-tonne ship ran aground
Download youtube videos youtube to mp3 converter 925
Jindal Returns Seventy Dollars Raised for Presidential Campaign
Western Washington University voting to change Viking mascot because it doesn't portray students of color
Newark Airport Earl of Sandwich Patrons Completely Unfazed By Presence of Carly Fiorina
Western Washington University considering mascot change
Cop Shoots "agressive" turtle. Must be the dumbest story yet
Smith College Students Say Journalists Must Swear Vow of Loyalty to Their Cause
Paris attacks: 'I survived 9/11 and the Bataclan massacre'
"I just got sucked in," says a man who gave $718,000 to psychics
Reporters barred from Smith College sit-in held in solidarity with University of Missouri students unless they support movement.
Man randomly punches a black man to get to see if he gets on the national news. He does.
Free Ottawa yoga class scrapped over 'cultural issues'
Syria/Iraq Residents of Scottish town erect sign telling ISIS to 'f**k off'
Anonymous are now 'rickrolling' Isis
Good Samaritan Nurse Unknowingly Attempts To Revive Suicide Bomber
Man punches random black man to see if he makes national news. He does.
Responsible Carjackers Make Sure Boy They Accidentally Kidnapped Gets To School
Airline loses (and then later finds) Boston Marathon Bombing survivor's prosthetic leg
Free download film terbaru ganool
Chewbacca arrested for parking illegally
Man arrested after trying to punch bald eagle mascot of soccer club in England
Poll: Support For Jeb Bush May Be Nearing Zero Percent
Ancient and rare Greek New Testament papyrus discovered on eBay
Eagle-Punching Menace Arrested In London Suburb
Kayla the bald eagle attacked by "Football fan" at Crystal Palace match
HuffPo Insinuates Zayn Malik Is Connected With ISIS, Tweets Apology
Tunisian crochet instructions download cable
Thrown Apple Core Prompts White House Security Concern
Dupray brand thirsts after Irene on Twitter after discovering her love of ironing
Apple Core Thrown Over Fence Puts White House on Lockdown
Wal-Mart employee fired for redeeming $5 in discarded bottles
Download full song bewafa imran khan
Download film bioskop animasi
Download euro truck simulator 2 no password multiplayer mod
Toronto woman assaulted after her scarf is mistaken for hijab
Android download manager adm 5 0 7 0
FYI, ISIS Once Freaked Out About Women Buying Cucumbers
Bomb threat made to save woman's job
Download directx 11 2 for windows 8 1 9600
Download directx 9 download windows 7 how install
Download game gta san andreas indonesia for android
Carjackers Drop Kid off at Virginia Elementary School After Finding Him in Backseat
Download g eazy been on up life
LeBron James subs himself out without ref's permission
Siblings Get Heads Stuck In Staircase Banister
University of Ottawa bans free yoga class because of "cultural appropriation"
Samurai sword-swinging attacker targets Apple store packed with customers in New York
History Channel releases official Ancient Aliens guide for children teaches kids to aliens are behind everything
There is a company that grows meat from celebrity tissue, and makes salami out of it.
'I'm not drunk,' on duty N.J. trooper charged with DWI says in dashboard video
'I'm not drunk,' N.J. trooper charged with DWI says in dashboard video
Phuc Dat Bich has his Facebook account suspended for using his real name
Scholars belongs to different countries and regions and religions define crime law, crime laws regarding their thinking, ethics and ground realities. 1. Ill-legal activity that is against the law is called crime law, crime laws.
Phil Dat Bich has his Facebook account removed for using his real name
Download manual unifi ap pro екатеринбург
Norway: GPS sends tourists down road closed in 60s
'Cartoonish' trans character leads to call for 'Zoolander 2' boycott
Download pdf 12 nitro free
LGBTQ Activists Call for 'Zoolander 2' Boycott Over "Harmful" Portrayal of Trans Character
Download minecraft herobrine mod 1 5 2 forge
Car Stolen With 8-Year-Old Boy Inside, Thieves Drop Him Off at School
Daemon tools free download for pc games demo
World Curling Federation Extends Ban on Controversial Brooms to Entire Season
Download directx 9 in windows 7 9 0c
Download cheat engine 6 3 utorrent plants vs zombies
Plea deal in works for Ho-Ho-Kus man charged with flinging feces at neighbor
How to Make Breakfast With Your Vagina | Motherboard
Download pdf manual quickbooks
Southwest Airlines Is Allowing Its Racist Passengers To Kick Muslim Passengers off Their Flights
College Students Say Remembering 9/11 is Offensive to Muslims
Download skins windows media player windows 7
Download excel 2007 for windows xp kostenlos deutsch
Terrence Howard said 1x1=2
Vikings no more? Survey to be created to question Western mascot
Download driver dell inspiron n4010 windows 7 64 bit
Texas police arrest suspect in 'Cookie Monster' armed robberies
Download driver notebook hp mini 210
George Lucas splits with 'Star Wars' after 38 years, cites irreconcilable differences
Download serial number optimizer pro 6 2 4 5
Adele pioneers use of 'compact disc' format with new album '25'
Chinese woman, 24, returns home after living in internet cafes for a decade
Download 4eva na day big krit zip song
Clash of clans hack no survey download or password
Comcast says its streaming TV service won't count against data caps because it doesn't use the internet
A model has lost thousands of Instagram followers after sharing realistic images for a week
Download user agent switcher 0 7 3 for chrome
Cheating Accusations Mar Zimbabwe's Mister Ugly Competition
George the staffordshire bull terrier catches a train to the city
Скачать djvu viewer for linux 2 0 26
Spectre of the censor: Bond loses balls to cats in India
Descargar counter strike 1 6 gratis español compatible windows 7
Download audio song aashiqui 2 mashup
Download song of honey singh mere mehbub
Intel core i3 video driver download
cinema chains ban advert featuring lords prayer
Download pdf plugin video call facebook
Download cs 1 6 knife mod half life
Cheating accusations mar Zimbabwe's 'Mister Ugly' contest
Download aa ok about it mp3 right but it's
Download eset nod32 antivirus full free download 7 64
Download game java jar smartfren
Dell inspiron n5010 sound card driver download
The Feminist Guide to Being a Foodie Without Being Culturally Appropriative
Download video banana song with lyrics
Nuns are posing as prostitutes to save sex slaves.
Download song mp3 proper patola
Pepsi Phone P1 Officially Unveiled
Suspect allegedly robs two Mac's stores using snowbrush as weapon
British bouncer has Justin Bieber tramp stamp tattoo inked for charity
Pastor uses power saw to free impaled construction worker
Download manual 1983 winnebago warrior отзывы
Mainers among the most likely in America to 'have a miserable Thanksgiving,' analysis finds
Download internet explorer 10 for windows 8 pro 32 bit
Girls in California are latest to seek to become Boy Scouts
Download cheat engine pockie ninja 2 social free menggunakan
Download pdf django unchained free
Britain's 'loneliest schoolboy' forced to befriend ducks on remote Scottish isle
Religious sisters posing as prostitutes to save sex slaves (X-Post News)
Apple Core Thrown Over White House Fence Puts White House on Lockdown
Bangladesh: Government 'mistakenly' cuts off internet
Maryland police officer no longer on the job after he was accused of biting another man's testicles
Lone Protestor Against Obama's Immigration Policy Wants Company
'Bomb alert' at Paris's Gare du Nord turns out to be pigeon electrocuting itself
Missing Paris attacker loved gay bars and Playstation
Confused Turkish nationalists protest Russian air strikes in front of Dutch Consulate
Beaverton superhero 'The Guardian Shield' forced out of area by high rent
Boy, 7, Hiccups Through National Anthem
Black activist punched at Trump rally
Brown University Announces $100M Plan on Racism, Diversity
Russian sailor drinks half a litre of rum before crashing 7,000-ton ship at full speed into Scotland
Male tits would rather starve than give up their partner, study suggests
Greek New Testament Papyrus Is Discovered on eBay
'Mister Ugly' sparks riot
Donald Trump: My Fans Were Right To Beat Up Black Protester
Accused Flasher Says He Was Trying To Remove Bug
Trump compares black activists to ISIS terrorists in incoherent Bernie Sanders attack ad
Condo Board Wants Pet DNA To Track Down Poopers
Top Saudi Sheikh issues bizarre fatwa allowing men to EAT their wives if they are hungry
University's free yoga class is shut down over 'cultural appropriation' fears after complaints from 'social justice warriors'
New kid's book tackles Jewish Christmas envy
Toddlers Shot More People In US Than Islamic Terrorists In 2015: 20 Senators Want To Know Why
Mark Cuban Drops F-Bombs (For Charity!) During 'League of Legends' Match
Phuc Dat Bich Wants Facebook To Know That Yes, It's His Real Name
'Mr. Ugly' Pageant Winner Blasted for Being 'Too Handsome'
Winnie-the-Pooh's Skull: Relic of Inspirational Bear Goes on Display
An Entirely Vegan Fish 'N' Chips Shop Has Opened In Sydney
Hooray! Vagina Emojis Are Here | Alternet
Suspected drunk driver kills 42 sheep
Britain's loneliest school boy forced to befriend ducks
U of O students' decision to cancel yoga class sparks Internet backlash
Church of England threatens lawsuit over "Star Wars" ban
Firefighter who flunked physical injured 10 days into job
'Hottie' Justin Trudeau returns to cold reality of Ottawa
Trump on rally protester: 'Maybe he should have been roughed up'
Chinese coal mining giant Longmay Group fires 100,000 employees, at once.
University of Ottawa students derided for cancelling yoga classes over fears of cultural appropriation
Nestlé Japan to release gold Kit Kats this December
Nestle Japan strikes gold KitKat in single-fingered salute to itself
Gun T-shirt 'was a security risk'
Shopkeeper finds condom floating in bottle of Coke
Condom found floating in bottle of Coke by shopkeeper
Gold-Leaf Covered Edible KitKat to Go on Sale in Japan
The Latest: Belgians Tweet Cat Pictures During Police Raids
Gangs of New York: Sicilian mafia offers Big Apple protection from 'psychopathic' ISIS
Black UNC activists take over community meeting, issue lengthy list of demands
Chinese Coal Mining Company Lays Off 100,000 Workers
Phuc Dat Bich says thanks after his Facebook passport photo goes viral
Hot Girl Posts Nudes On Craigslist Looking For A Guy To Take Her To Harry Potter World In Exchange For Sex
Drunk Boris Yeltsin tried to hail taxi outside White House in underpants
Woman who stashed loaded gun in vagina pleads guilty
Woman caught with loaded gun in her vagina pleads guilty
'Dark money' group opposes 'dark money'
Mitt Romney leads New Hampshire poll-no, he's still not running
Nuns Pose as Prostitutes to Rescue Sex Slaves
Fugitive Paris jihadist loved gay bars, drugs and PlayStation
Chinese woman presumed dead for 10 years, found living in Internet cafe
University yoga class suspended over 'cultural appropriation' dispute
Clown rescues two women from man on the street
Uproar as Zimbabwe's Mister Ugly winner deemed 'too handsome'
Passed out man shocked by selfie-taking rat
Twitter flooded with photos of kittens in support of manhunt for terror suspect
Man allegedly accuses Fargo Walmart employee for Paris terror attacks, police called
Runner Up for Zimbabwe's Mr. Ugly Contest Accuses Judge of Bias when Runner Up didn't Win the Ugliest Award, Causing Riot.
Four girls aged 12 - 15 rob store... With a screwdriver.
SHARK BOY HELPS TAKE DOWN REGISTERED SEX OFFENDER
Yoga classes cancelled at University of Ottawa over 'cultural issues'
Explosion damages toilet at Japan's controversial shrine for war dead: media
Satanic group offers to protect local Muslims fearing Paris backlash
Child climbed barrier to pat cheetah
#BrusselsLockdown: Belgians are tweeting pictures of cats to confuse terrorists
In New York, Marijuana arrests drop 40% this year as NYPD mellows out
Chinese woman, presumed dead, found living in internet cafes for the the last 10 years.
Doo Doo the Clown rescues women after man punches, assaults them
The Winner of Zimbabwe's Mister Ugly Contest Has Been Deemed 'Too Handsome' by an Angry Crowd
Finnish PM forced to fly entire flight in plane's toilet
The Ruins of the USSR's Secret Nuclear Cities
Indian Escorts in Dubai +971563848260
Trump Says He Would 'Absolutely' Bring Back Waterboarding
Modi mispronounced a word too, must take fresh oath, says Lalu Prasad
Doo Doo the Clown rescues two women from man on the street
How the Belgian people are using cats to combat terror
Rise of ISIS and Syria's bloody civil war caused by climate change, says Prince Charles
Richard Dawkins says UK cinemas should screen the Lord's Prayer
Mr Ugly pageant turns ugly
Ugliest man contest turns ugly
Nên ăn và đắp những loại trái cây nào cho làn da bạn? | lamdep124
Man swinging samurai sword at NYC Apple Store detained by NYPD
Vaccinate 'bundles of dribble and sputum', David Leyonhjelm says, as 'no jab, no pay' policy passes Parliament
Man complains this year's 'Mister Ugly' is 'too handsome' and 'ugly only when he opens his mouth'
Terrence Howard believes one times one equals two
Craigslist Ad Mistake Sparks NJ Man To Donate Kidney
Zimbabwe's Mr Ugly competition winner branded 'too handsome' as result sparks riot
Parents marry 3-year-old twins with THB3 million dowry to fix bad karma
Europe recession 'could be permanent', think tank warns
University yoga class canceled because of 'oppression, cultural genocide'
Oregon school officials to hear guns in classrooms proposal
Crowd favourite loses Zimbabwe's 'Mr Ugly' contest, sparks rioting
Irish electricity company sends a threatening letter to a graveyard
Belgians Fight Terror With Cat Memes During #BrusselsLockdown
Durex calls for a condom emoji to be created to spread awareness about safe sex
Amish Man Runs Marathon Wearing Traditional Clothes
Rome enlists American falcons to hunt starlings befouling Eternal City
Debate on Yoga and 'Cultural Appropriation' at Ottawa
'Mr Ugly' winner sparks riot for being 'too handsome'
Belgians tweet cat pictures during #BrusselsLockdown
Poundworld fined £63,000 for selling non-reflective hi-vis vests
'Cookie Monster' and accomplice arrested in connection with string of robberies
Drug stock soars 400% after Martin Shkreli buys it
Celebs get their own terminal at LAX
University of Vermont hosts 3-day retreat for 'privileged white students' to discuss 'what it means to be white'
India police sorry for detaining artist over cow installation
Pioneers of 'pee-cycling' tout urine's value
Millions of spiders infest Mid-South neighborhood
The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D
FanDuel Told Employees Not To Win Too Much Money On DraftKings Or People Would Get Suspicious
Belgians respond to Brussels terror alert by flooding Twitter with cat pics
Winner of Ugliest Man Contest in Zimbabwe deemed "Not Ugly Enough"
King of Sweden calls for a ban on BATHS and admits he is now 'ashamed' to run one
Swedish king calls for ban on bathtubs
The King Of Sweden Wants To Ban You From Taking Baths
Mobster's son says ISIS gives Mafia chance to show its 'good side'
Mafia offers NYC protection from ISIS
Zimbabwe's Mr Ugly contest is marred by riots and claims of cheating after the winner is criticised for being too handsome.
Drunk Russian sailor crashes 7,000-ton ship into Scotland -- at full speed
After Dropbox finds a child porn collector, a chess club stops his knife attack
Man steals bear truck then runs self over.
'Dog ate my tag' claims Lisburn burglary suspect Jamie Toland
Ben Carson, author of book about the Constitution, incorrectly states that Thomas Jefferson crafted it
British bookstores respond to Black Friday with "Civilised Saturday"
Man steals beer truck then runs self over.
The U.S. ranks 5th in liking the United States
Electric company sends letter threatening to disconnect the power - to a graveyard
Facing highest threat alert, Belgians bring out their cats
Neighbors not surprised man found dead in vacant home
Poll: Americans say Trump most likely to ruin Thanksgiving
First suspected case in the UK of a mother using lethal bleach to 'cure' her young son's autism
Memphis neighborhood taken over by millions of spiders
Woman allegedly killed by her husband's brothers...they butchered her (Very graphic photos)
Mark Zuckerberg Will Take Two Months Off From Facebook For Paternity Leave
Soliciting $70 million miracle
Russian Driver Replaces Car Tire With Log
Syrian Asylum Seeker Waiting in Moscow Airport Fined
Twitter Cats to the Rescue in Brussels Lockdown
Major Hotel Chain Drops Pork Sausage And Bacon From Breakfast Buffet... Blames Climate Change
To Save African Penguins, Humans Run a Dating Service
Law enforcement took more stuff from people than burglars did last year
Police dive into canal to rescue 150 Islamic books... only to find they were dumped there on purpose
U.S. Equally Excited About Star Wars Sequel, Iowa Caucuses: Bloomberg Politics Poll
Man steals beer truck in Columbus; runs himself over trying to escape
#BrusselsLockdown request for social media blackout prompts flood of cat pictures
Colorado Juries Keep Letting People Go for Driving on Weed, Prosecutors and Cops are Furious
Ben Carson: Can Obama use martial law to keep White House post 2016
Coldplay Album Features President Obama Singing "Amazing Grace"
College Yoga Class Canceled Over Link to 'Cultural Genocide'
UK wife who poisoned husband is foiled by spelling mistake
First ISIS terrorist found in America disguised as a Syrian refugee
NYC Islamic State Plot: Italian Mafia Warns ISIS To Stay Away From New York
Mafia can protect N.Y. from terrorists better than feds, mobster's son says
Moscow Court Bans Church of Scientology
New Facebook tool helps ease pain of breakups
Kill the Terrorists, Take the Cannolis - "Mafia can protect N.Y. from terrorists better than feds"
Flashback 1941: Scientist claimed Global Warming Caused Hitler - Warmer temps 'may produce a trend toward dictatorial govts' - 'People are are more docile & easily led in warm weather'
Phuc Dat Bich: Australian with 'misleading' name thanks supporters
Student leaders at university of Ottawa cancel free yoga class on campus because of "cultural appropriation."
Apple Pay for Everyone
Faculty spouse recommends state buy bullet-proof lecterns
Student leaders at University of Ottowa cancel free yoga class because of "cultural appropriation."
Climate change root cause of Syrian war: Britain's Prince Charles
She was pinned against the fence while the dog ate her arm
National emergency? Belgians respond to terror raids with cats
Green campaigner readies to swim from Tokyo to San Francisco
Surgery Could Give Men Wombs of Their Own Within 5 Years
POLICE: MAN IN 'INCREDIBLES' COSTUME PUNCHES CAB DRIVER, DODGES FARE
Owner Of Wynnewood Exotic Animal Park Announces He's Running For President
'Darth Vader' arrested after Jacksonville Beach attempted robbery
Man in Incredibles Suit Punches Cabbie
Riot erupts after Zimbabwe's new 'Mister Ugly' deemed too handsome
Doo Doo The Clown saves 2 women from Attacker
Americans say Trump Most Likely to Ruin Thanksgiving Dinner; GOP Opposes Obama on Turkey Pardons
New winner of Mr Ugly 2015 smiles widely after dethroning three-time champ
Pope 'scared' of neurotic priests
Doo Doo the clown commended for saving two women from 'petrifying' attack
Ahmed Mohamed demands $15m compensation and written apology for homemade clock arrest
'Doo Doo the Clown' intervenes in Toronto altercation
Contestants in Zimbabwe's "Mr. Ugly" competition complain that winner is too handsome
Idaho replaces mile marker 420 with 419.9 in attempt to thwart stoners
How to remove French flag from Facebook: Users complain about having no easy way to turn profile photos back to normal
Would-be thief dressed as Darth Vader gets blue cheese jar to the face, police say
A clown named Doo Doo rescued two women from being assaulted
Mom to 911: Son trying to bite people; dies after struggle
X-post r/twoxchromosomes - "Ohio pro-life senators suggests food banks as Planned Parenthood substitute"
Elderly Jewish women accused of illegal gambling
Los Angeles Clippers to host 'Hello Kitty Night'
University suspends yoga class, citing 'cultural issues' that may offend students
Ohio pro-life senators suggests food banks as Planned Parenthood substitute
Billionaire gets tens of millions of reward points for buying painting with Amex card
Yoga Class Is Suspended After Students Deem It Culturally Inappropriate
Drunk Russian sailor crashes 7,000-ton ship
BBC News: How to pronounce Phuc Dat Bich
A programmer wrote scripts to secretly automate a lot of his job - and email his wife and make a latte
Ahmed Mohamed family wants $15 million from Irving, Irving ISD
Rapper Killer Mike, Sanders dine in Atlanta
Zimbabwe's Mr Ugly contest winner 'too handsome'
Father says newborn put up for adoption without his consent
Nestle confirms slavery among its Thai seafood suppliers
Black Friday "death counter" keeps tally of everyone killed or injured on Black Friday (x-post /r/InternetIsWeird)
Anonymous' unusual weapon against ISIS - 'rickrolling'
Black Friday 'death counter' reveals number of people killed or injured on annual day of discounts
Doo Doo the Clown honoured for bravery after intervening in assault on women
Pigeons Are Actually Pretty Good At Identifying Malignant Cancer
Florida robber dressed as Darth Vader gets bashed in face by clerk wielding jar of blue cheese dressing
DepMin Interior, overseeing Greece's National Intelligence Service, has post-it w user/pass on his official picture!
In lead-up to Thanksgiving, turkey seeks shelter in Orlando church
'Vote for Trump If You Think Mexico's a Dump,' Says New Song
[X-Post From /r/ThisIsNotASafeSpace] Students Referred to Counseling Services After a Confederate Flag Was Seen on a Laptop
'The exposure of female breasts is no longer considered nude': Alberta burlesque performers get reprieve
Mister Ugly accused of cheating; he's too handsome, critics say
Justin Bieber Breaks the Beatles & Drake's Record for Most Simultaneous Hot 100 Hits | Billboard
Game of thrones: Campbell police release image of $730 toilet seat thief
Sex and alcohol makes you happier than kids and religion, study finds
Red-bellied black snake bites Mirani woman, cat comes to the rescue
A Yoga Class Has Been Canceled at a Canadian University Over 'Cultural Issues'
Anonymous torments ISIS with 'Rickrolls'
Finding Fuboy: one man spent four years and $35,000 to unmask his internet troll
Belgians try to befuddle terror suspects with very strange, but amusing, cat memes
Ahmed Mohamed: 'Clock boy' seeks $15m from city and school
Riots break out after judges in Zimbabwe select new 'Mister Ugly'
University returning $1 million Coke donated to obesity research centre
Valet parking available at California Taco Bell
Online reviews could get you in big trouble
Paris Terrorist Was Gay 'Rent Boy'
"Get Out Of Your Trucks And Run Away": US Gives ISIS 45 Minute Warning On Oil Tanker Strikes
Minoa man faces 25 years in prison for passing off $1.6 million in earbuds as hearing aids
Mother shocked to discover a gay drama teacher, demands refund
Feminist blogger boldly makes bread with yeast from her own vagina
Costumed Dark Lord overcome by the 'force' of a jar of salad dressing in Jacksonville Beach
Muslim Teen's Family Demands $15M Over Clock Incident
Police: Woman allegedly dials 911 to lure police away from her location so she can drive home drunk
A brief history of online trolling between Western and Russian diplomats
Dallas Mayor 'More Fearful of Large Gatherings of White Men' Than Syrian Refugees
Islamic State Hides Bombs in Children's Dolls
Man killed in Boynton liquor store robbery was retiring that night
R. Kelly Has 40 More Chapters Of 'Trapped In The Closet' Waiting For Us
Shuttle train covered in Nazi and Imperial Japanese symbols in ad for Amazon show 'The Man in the High Castle'
Programmer wrote a script to make him coffee and send text messages to his wife if working late
Pear Bureau Disputes Rick Ross' Impact On The Produce Industry
Man trying to bite his family gets shot to death by police...I'm not saying its zombies...but...it's definitely zombies...
9 Ways Today's Music is Teaching Our Children To Love Satan's Anal Womb
James Franco launches college course on James Franco
ADHD meds may cause sleep problems in kids
Justin Trudeau promises 'Canadian approach' to climate change
What's the point of Vancouver?
Millions of Spiders Appear in Giant Web in Tennessee.
Louisville Government Plagued by Boogers. Boogers Everywhere.
Angry feminist makes bread from as much vaginal yeast as (s)he could scrape off a dildo ..
Police Pursue Masturbating Driver
Donald Trump on waterboarding: 'If it doesn't work, they deserve it anyway.'
MSNBC's 'No-Fly List is Islamophobia' Poster Boy Arrested in Turkey As Part of ISIS Cell
Trump tweeted the same false statistics Dylann Roof cited in his racist manifesto
Dave Benson Phillips and a balloon dog nearly sparked a 'terror alert' in Sussex
Army captain goes on 400 word rant about having to wait for coffee and biscuits
State Department issues worldwide travel alert
Vietnamese man Ohuc Dhat Bich feels honored after Facebook page continually shut down
Watch a Confused Scott Stapp Review 'Creed'
70 ravenous barbarians declare war on chicken nuggets.
Cats Experience Less Stress When They Have Access To Boxes: Study.
Important Study Finds That Men Eat More Pizza When Trying to Impress Women
Ugly contest winner 'too handsome'
Kindergarten teacher denies Legos to boys in name of 'gender equity'
Man Arrested For BYOB Church Burglary
Barack Obama's Amazing Grace to feature on next Coldplay album A Head Full of Dreams
Man wearing a Darth Vader mask robbed a convenience store yesterday. The clerk hit him over the head with a Ranch dressing bottle.
Every parent's nightmare? Girl runs away, found playing video games 10 years later
Man runs himself over while trying to steal beer truck.
Muslims are not terrorist one brave european Lady Rescue a girl from platform A Hi jab wearing unidentified women Rescued a girl from train if he not do any thing then girls life is in danger because Train coming very fast the place is northbound Northern line platform London
Blue rain with red in it: Purple Rain filmed in a language with no purple
Jeremy Clarkson gets plaque at hotel where Top Gear fracas took place
How Viagra is Helping Children
GA man named Miller steals Coors Light truck; runs himself over during escape
Kindergarten Teacher Bans Legos For Boys Citing 'Gender Equity'
A woman has decided to make bread out of her vaginal yeast
'Clock boy' Ahmed Mohamed's family seeks $15 million, apologies from Texas city
Should The MTA Allow These Nazi Insignias On Subway Cars?
Woman Makes Sourdough Using Yeast From Vagina, Sends Twitter Into Meltdown
Guy dresses up as Vader to rob store, gets jar of Bleu cheese to face..
Amazon promotion covers NY subway in Nazi symbology
Blogger uses her thrush to make sourdough bread. Internet is aghast
Indiana county to allow Nativity scene with Bill of Rights
Police: Darth Vader impersonator robs store
Mistress who has affairs with married men claims she is doing their wives a favour because she SAVES their relationships
Man attempting to rob store wearing a Darth Vader mask stopped by salad dressing
Zimbabwe crowns new 'Mister Ugly,' prompting cheating accusations
Putin's Insane New Multibillion-Dollar War Room Looks Like a Bond Villain's Lair
Thunder Bay man wanted for robbery with snow brush
Facebook keeps banning a man called Phuc Dat Bich
Selfie-taking rat startles man who passed out at Brooklyn subway stop
Go Ahead, Sell the Peso, Mexico Doesn't Care What You Do Anymore
Donald Trump Tweets Out Neo-Nazi Propaganda Image
Coke Had Role in Anti-Obesity Group, Emails Show
Officials: Untested rape kits not always a problem
Andy Murray "Scottish / British" myth dispelled
College Ends Free Campus Yoga Class After A Student Complained Yoga Was Offensive To Cultures Who Have Experience Oppression Due To Western Supremacy
How to remove French flag from Facebook: Users complain there's no easy way to return profile pictures to normal
Researchers Train Pigeon Pathologists to Read Mammograms
Teen dressed as clown raises concerns in Waukesha
Georgia mom guilty of keeping girl in chicken coop
Chinese billionaire Liu Yiqian pays for $170M Modigliani on credit card, earns 170 quadrillion points
Party to celebrate end of probation in N. Ft. Myers ends in arrest
7 reasons LSU should hire Les Miles to replace Les Miles
Clown causes alarm around Carroll University
Man paid friend to make hoax bomb call to Intel to avoid work
Border patrol agent arrested wth 110 pounds of Cocaine in his rental car.
Christmas Elves 'punched and threatened' in Formby
University of Ottawa bans yoga classes over 'cultural genocide' concerns
Demonstrators throw eggs at Dutch consulate in protest meant to be against Russia
ISIS Loyalists Can Download A Secret Set Of Terrorist Emojis
A programmer wrote scripts to secretly automate a lot of his job - including to automatically email his wife and make himself a latte
High school cheerleader banned for season after expressing her opinion of twitter
High school cheerleader banned for season after expressing her opinion on twitter
Turkey Shoots Down Russian Jet Near Syrian Border
Conor McGregor says Donald Trump 'can shut his big, fat mouth' - Bloody Elbow
Exhausted Parents Turn to 'Baby Whisperer'
Bold alligator crashes picnic, steals a sandwich
richmond hill man allegedly drunk dials cops to help him start car - gets arrested
Obama: Climate summit a 'powerful rebuke' to terrorists
Anonymous donor gives $2.2 million to pay down national debt, Treasury says
40% of Millennials OK with limiting speech offensive to minorities
Kim Jong-un sends top gov't official to a farm as punishment
Donald Trump to Bill O'Reilly: 'I'm Probably the Least Racist Person on Earth.'
Porn Crew Called Disgusting Guests
Donald Trump: I'm the 'least racist' person on earth
University of Ottawa bans yoga classes due to cultural appropriation issues.
Teen misses turn, accidently runs full Philadelphia Marathon
Amazon pulls Nazi symbols from New York subway ad campaign
Goole, U.K., Creates Own Search Engine to Get Out of Google's Shadow
Amazon decides decorating subways with Nazi symbols was a bad idea
Exploding e-cigarette victim might never walk again
Mask wearing man arrested after NOT robbing Vero Beach store
Dubai launched a program that pays children 2 grams of gold for every kilogram of weight they lose.
New research shows that Pigeons can detect malignant and benign breast tumors as well as a pathologist.
Surgery saves dog with busy mouth from shocking experience
Kansas Buck Survives 2 Months With Severed Head Locked in its Antlers
Man ejected from football game sends police 240 doughnuts
Mother Continued To Text Her Dead Son And Then She Got This Reply!
Domino's makes ordering pizza dangerous with 'Easy Order' button
Ted Cruz buys ads on Snapchat for Thanksgiving football
FLORIDA CLERK SMASHES JAR OF RANCH DRESSING ONTO DARTH VADER ARMED ROBBER
Feminist Hero Uses Vaginal Yeast to Create Our New Favorite Thanksgiving Recipe
Anonymous seeks help 'Rickrolling' ISIS on social media
New York subway cars covered in Nazi and Rising Sun-like symbols in Amazon advertisement
Chinese billionaire Liu Yiqian pays for $170M Modigliani on credit card, earns 170 million points
Man who felt pestered shoots North Charleston-area resident in foot, report says
Eagles of Death Metal had it coming, apparently.
A Midget In A Vest Was Arrested On Sunday For Going On An Absolute Rampage Around Sheffield.
Jewish Grandmas Busted In Florida For Illegal Mah Jongg Games
Justin Bieber Breaks the Beatles & Drake's Record for Most Simultaneous Hot 100 Hits
Socialists Protest Donald Trump by Quietly Reading Leftist Literature
Heartless Pastor Blames Victims of Paris Attacks For Going To "Death Metal" Concert, Has Never Actually Heard EAGLES OF DEATH METAL
Slingerlands man drives through garage into living room
Amazon pulls NYC subway ads featuring Nazi imagery
War Machine blows 'offensive' kiss after arguing that porn star ex can't claim rape because of her job as sex worker
Check Out The Walmart-Grade GPS Systems In These Russian Attack Jets
Impaired driver calls police for help starting car
SAUDI ARABIA: FAMOUS RACEHORSE TO BE EXECUTED FOR BEING HOMOSEXUAL
'Severe blow': Al Qaeda suicide bomber takes out leadership of key ISIS brigade
College Students Say Remembering 9/11 Is Now Offensive to Muslims.
Miniature Shetland pony who was victim of horrific sexual assault will be 'scarred for life'
Nine Ways to Enjoy a Fact-based Gun Debate With Your Thanksgiving Bird
Phuc Dat Bich Is Beyond Tired of Getting Kicked Off Facebook
Jogger kicks puppy 4 feet into air, owner says
Trump Reasserts Claim That 'Thousands' Of N.J. Muslims Cheered After Sept. 11
World War III is trending on Twitter after a Russian military jet was shot down
Watch out America, McDonald's Japan is releasing a 48-piece McNugget Meal.
Newborn abandoned in nativity scene in New York church
'DOO DOO THE CLOWN' HONORED FOR SAVING TWO WOMEN FROM ALLEGED ATTACKER
Dubai Commissions Fleet of Jetpacks to Fight Skyscraper Fires
McDonald's Selling 48-Piece McNugget Bucket.
Man beats wife with elk antlers because she wouldn't drive him to the titty club.
Does mental illness exist? Is psychiatry a scam?
Ejected fan sends UW-Madison police 20 dozen coconut doughnuts
Police: Newborn Left in Christmas Nativity Manger at Church
Feminist Hero Bakes Sourdough Bread Using Her Own Vaginal Yeast
Racist campaigner is tired of being judged for appearance
Woman who can't afford Taxi fare calls another Taxi to flee the scene
Inside the all-FEMALE fight club: The secret Berlin group where women go topless to take part in no-holds-barred bouts that leave them bruised and bleeding
Naked Australian man arrested for burger theft
Belgians tweet cat memes after police request online silence
Just in time for Thanksgiving! Woman bakes bread using her own vaginal yeast
Feminist blogger uses her vaginal yeast to make sourdough bread
Nude painting of Stephen Harper for sale on Kijiji
Man assaults wide with elk antlers for not giving him a ride to the strip club
'Doo Doo' and his Clown Car Rescues 2 Women
Sheriff's sign: We're 'politically incorrect' - Accept that or leave
Amazon: Sorry, Putting Nazi Symbols on the Subway Was a Bad Call
Decapitated N.J. mom's cause of death remains unknown, investigators say
Chris Christie spent more than $82K of taxpayer money on food at Giants, Jets games, report says
Troopers: Soldotna woman hails cab to flee another cab ride she didn't pay for
NMU email tells suicidal students to talk only to a professional
American reporter in Iraq commends Iraqi human trafficker - see comments instagram comments
How to prevent 'text neck' from ruining your teen's posture
Reclaim Australia supporter tired of being judged for his looks.
Woman Missing For 10 Years Found Living In Internet Cafe
Feminist blogger who uses her vaginal yeast to make sourdough bread causes uproar as social media users find her baking experiment hard to stomach
Chinese woman, 24, who was missing for a decade and presumed dead is found living in an internet cafe after playing games for 10 years
Dog Hoarder Dies, Eaten by Malnourished Pets
Pakistani Escorts in Dubai +971555284411
Amazon backtracks after covering NYC subway car in Nazi symbols
Mosaic of Vietnam 21 Days 20 Nights - Vietnam Discovery travel - Vietnam package tours
Parents of teen killed in twerking accident say no charges
Hey guys, you hear what's going on in China?
Man robs house while wearing GPS monitor
Newly Weds End Life Over a Mobile in Khargram
US State Department map shows US only safe place to travel
Obama sings on Coldplay's next album
Anonymous is rickrolling ISIS as part of its plan to defeat terrorism
Vermin Supreme 2016: Alternative US presidential candidate promises free ponies for all
Ben Carson: Create Palestinian State in Egypt
Woman bakes bread with yeast from her yeast infection, outraged by the misogynists who are disgusted
From 'Phuc Dat Bich' Do you remember the story; The boy who cried wolf?
Ahmed Mohamed seeking $15 million in damages
WU-TANG CLAN FINALLY SOLD THEIR SECRET ALBUM, BUT YOU STILL CAN'T LISTEN TO IT
Phuc Dat Bich reveals name a hoax
Fox News Contributor Gets Death Threats After 'Star Wars' Joke
Utah veteran facing charges after intervening in police chase says 'I stand by what I did'
Lack of masculine education boosts college gay numbers: expert
Police close investigation into theft of cream cakes from station fridge
Man killed in liquor store robbery was going to retire that night
Richard Dawkins links Isis child who beheaded man and 'clock boy' Ahmed Mohamed
Bonuses don't make bankers work harder, says Deutsche's John Cryan
Handwritten Draft Of King James Bible Discovered: Reveals No 'Divine Powers'
14-year-old boy impersonates cop, goes undetected by partner for 5 hours
Phuc Dat Bich reveals that the whole thing was a hoax.
Exploding e-cigarette breaks man's neck
Man who became the face of Reclaim Australia rally insists: I'm not racist
Man Media Touted As Victim of Islamophobia Reportedly Arrested in Turkey For Joining ISIS
Woman in Pittsburgh takes down neighbor's drone with rocks - in act of self defense
(Just another hoax) Phuc Dat Bich's real identity revealed by former classmate
Charlie Sheen stars in gay sex tape, report claims.
David Cameron writes letter of complaint on the scale of cuts in his local constituency
University of Tennessee mistakenly sends acceptance to 22.
Springdale Township neighbors at odds over drone
Poll: GOP three times as angry at government Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2015/11/poll-republicans-angry-government-216141#ixzz3sVXg4iLn
Poll: GOP three times as angry at government
PARENTS: TEEN KILLED WHILE TWERKING ON TOP OF JEEP
Black Friday Begins Early With Online Deals on Meth, Stolen Credit Cards
"He's not a bad father:" Milwaukee man accused of not paying child support for his 17 kids
Creationists Are Slamming the Google Doodle for Celebrating Lucy the Australopithecus
The Time a Pilgrim Was Executed for Having Sex with a Turkey
NJ News | Breaking New Jersey News
Man arrested for stealing RM22,500 worth of Lego from Legoland Msia
A Historical Tale of the Pilgrim Who Was Charged for Having Sex with a Turkey
Costco issues public apology after pastor discovers bibles labeled as "Fiction"
A radical proposal on climate change: Block out the Sun
Phuc Dat Bich admits hoax in Facebook name battle
David Cameron complains about constituency cuts caused by his own policies in leaked letter
Baby in swaddling clothes found in manger at New York church
Newborn baby discovered in New York church's nativity scene
Donald Trump Says He Can Predict Terrorism: 'I Can Feel It'
Men with beards are more likely to be sexist
Condom challenge: teens invent a new way to potentially maim themselves online
Police Bust Weekly Mahjong Game Played By Elderly Women
ISIS massively 'rickrolled' by Anonymous
Anonymous unleashes DEVASTATING new weapon against ISIS (Warning: disturbing)
Teen Accidentally Runs Full Philadelphia Marathon
M&S leaves Northern Ireland logo off 'Best of the British Isles' cake
'Clock boy' Ahmed Mohamed's family seeks $15 million in damages....15. Million. Dollars.
Obama: U.N. Climate Change Conference Will Be 'Powerful Rebuke to the Terrorists'
Kickstarter campaign raises $200,000 for cat music
Mahjong 'scandal' in Altamonte Springs
"I can feel it": Donald Trump explains how he "predicted" 9/11
Report: North Tonawanda man dressed as Darth Vader tried to rob Florida convenience store
Newborn baby found in nativity scene at Queens church
Newborn baby found in nativity scene at New York City church
Pigeons as Good as Doctors at Detecting Breast Cancer, Scientists Discover
Japan's phenomenally handsome gorilla getting nationwide DVD release
Jewish Bubbes Busted for Mahjong 'Gambling Den'
In a Crazy Turn of Events, Viral Sensation "Phuc Dat Bich" Says It Was All a Hoax
New Trump Ad Shows Hillary Laughing as Benghazi Burns
Baltimore Orioles acquire Hoes in exchange for cash
Richard Dawkins compares Texas 'clock boy' Ahmed Mohamed to ISIS killer
Woman Fined $1,000 for Trashing Worker's Office With Glitter
Breakup Shop dumps your partner for small fee - $5 for Snapchat breakup, $10 for text or email, $30 for phone call from company's team of Heartbreakers
Mind the gas: Poo-powered bus fleet expanded in Bristol
Charges: Woman Assaulted at Coon Rapids Applebee's for Not Speaking English
Baltimore Orioles receive Hoes in exchange for cash
Do Not Attempt This Popular Grilled Cheese Cooking Hack
Mike Huckabee's 2008 Myspace Page Is Still Up And Still Amazing
Ex-employee at Idaho ranch accused of stealing elk semen
Stripper accused of assault says man told her to lose weight | The Star-Telegram
A Statistical Analysis of the Work of Bob Ross
Thief fails to get away with 40,000 lbs of sandwiches stolen.
Sandwich thief fails to get away in stolen Vaughan trailer rollover
These armed civilians are patrolling the border to keep ISIS out of America
Richmond Hill man allegedly drunk dials cops to help him start car
Black Friday brawls most likely in Arkansas and Tennessee, analysis suggests
Women who have been raped can now pay for their own counselling through the tampon tax
Gay swan couples lure females into a threesome to steal an egg from her!
Former Elk Ranch Employee Charged with Selling Elk Semen, Keeping Profits
Why I killed my own Thanksgiving turkey - and what I learned about myself
Springfield police find heroin, hundreds of shoes during raid on 'mostly female' drug ring
Blogger manages to make sourdough bread out of her yaginal yeast
Woman Makes Sourdough Using Her Vaginal Yeast
Feminist blogger manages to make sourdough bread out of her yaginal yeast
Gabe Newell invests in experimental cooking company
Cheese heist ends in truck rollover, 3 arrests
State Department: Iran Deal Is Not 'Legally Binding' and Iran Didn't Sign It
Shoplifter Hides on Roof, Demands Donuts
Football fan sends police 240 coconuts after being kicked from game.
Phuc Dat Bich is a Massive Phucking Faker
Medical student struck off after using threat from film 'Taken'
Cow shot 24 times by police: Incident under review - British Columbia
West Point bans cadet pillow fight after 30 injured
Japanese man makes fake arms to avoid selfie-stick shame
Lawyer for Chicago cop says Laquan McDonald video is unreliable because it is 2-dimensional
Lawyer of Chicago officer charged with murder says video 'distorts images'
Pilot lands plane in front of McDonald's to get coffee.
Georgia sherriff poses by and supports politically correct sign, "...I truly believe what's on the sign."
Melrose middle school students under fire for 'Kick a Ginger' day
Woman uses yeast from vagina to make sourdough break.
Qatar mulls family-only mall days
Parents: Teen died after 'twerking' on car
George Osborne hailed as genius, for scrapping last George Osborne genius move
Supreme leader says US using money, sex to infiltrate Iran
This woman is making sourdough bread out of her vaginal yeast
Arizona Governor Says No to Syrian Refugees, Spends $367K to Honor Muslim Syrian Immigrant while Governor Says No
Flash mob hits designer store in Georgetown, steals $13,000 worth of goods.
Arizona Governor Says No to Syrian Refugees, Spends $367K to Honor Muslim Syrian Immigrant
If You Want To Have Sex With Charlie Sheen, You Have To Give Him The Copyrights On Any Photos You Take Of Him
Busted Pirate Told to Get 200K YouTube Hits or Face Huge Fine.
Ikea's Newly Designed Refugee Shelters Are a Game Changer
97 Percent Of Americans Aren't Worried About Global Warming
5 Facts to Silence Your Smug Millennial Nephew This Thanksgiving
Man named Color Og ArtsnCrafts Bunderson faces criminal charges
Fort Worth service tech gives back $50,000 he found in car
So, Phuc dat Bich is not really his name.
Nite Moves offers strippers with a side of turkey on Thanksgiving
Kevin Durant's New Sneaker Is Taboo to Some in His Native Prince George's Co.
Where Genocide Meets Fashion: Gaza City's Hitler 2 Store Has Knife-Wielding Mannequins
McGee's friends say he respects women
Man accused with assaulting wife with elk antlers because she wouldn't drive him to the strip club
Nets rookie Rondae Hollis-Jefferson has a tattoo of himself on his back
8 year old in Kuwait in court for molesting teacher
Reclaim Australia Supporter Sick Of Being Judged On Looks
Customer at German sex shop which was burning to the ground around him had to be rescued by firefighters because he refused to leave until he reached the climax of Throbbin Hood
How a Tinder date led a woman to give her kidney to a stranger
The Statue of Liberty Was Originally a Muslim Woman
This Woman Is Making Bread Using Yeast From Her Vagina
Fox News host gets death threats after making fun of 'Star Wars' fans
Fox News contributor gets death threats for mocking Star Wars fans
Anonymous 'anti-Islamic State list' features Obama and BBC News
Hackers replace dark web Isis propaganda site with advert for Prozac
Cow shot 24 times by police: Incident under review
The only person to attend Blaine Gabbert's press conference? Himself
Georgia sheriff declares his community 'politically incorrect'
Police rap weather warning, spark most Canadian rap battle ever
Subway fires 80-hour-a-week worker from 1 job after Oregonian story
A court in Hungary has ruled that four men detained as suspected terrorists were in fact World War Two enthusiasts.
Profile: McGee friends say he respects women
Phuc Dat Bich admits to fake name after Facebook policy battle blows up
Female CEO caught hiding in wardrobe after drink-driving and crashing car full of children into tree
Bong sparked argument that led to Crystal Lake kitten's death, hearing reveals
Pillow Fights at West Point Are Banned After Injuries
Google deems Bernie Sanders' economic plan a 'phishing scam'
Teen misses turn, accidentally runs full marathon
Company Plans To Resurrect Humans With Artificial Intelligence By 2045
Teen Dies After Twerking On The Hood Of Friend's SUV
Will Smith says there "might be a future" for him in politics
New startup could make death obsolete within 3 decades, wants to hit delete on death
Police rush to apartment after man threatens to kill spider
New startup could make death obsolete within 3 decades
Blaine Gabbert, only attendee to Blaine Gabbert presser, has lots of questions for Blaine Gabbert
Police rush to Wollstonecraft apartment after man threatens to kill really big spider
Newborn baby is abandoned in a church nativity scene
Healthy Newborn Found Abandoned in Nativity Scene at a Queens Church
Blaine Gabbert press conference is attended by... Blaine Gabbert...
Cleaners in Italy mistake modern art to be rubbish, so bin it
Anonymous Have Now Unleashed Rick Astley In The Battle Against ISIS
Italian museum cleaners mistook a contemporary art piece for trash
21-year-old woman knocked her teeth out after pushing trolley into her own face
Navy SEALs drowned while practicing holding their breath.
Islamic State riles China by recognizing Taiwan in new propaganda video
Police rush to Sydney apartment after man threatens to kill 'really big' spider
"You're dead." Police thought man trying to kill spider was attacking wife
Woman, 21, knocked her teeth out after pushing trolley into her own face
Chicago Protester stares at Police Officer in silent protest
Nurse gets 1-yr jail for swindling Rs 11 in 1989
Man kills father, stabs mother in fight over food
Man pleads guilty to stealing human brains from Indiana medical museum
Man paid a friend to fake an Isis bomb threat so he could avoid work
Intel employee paid friend to call in bomb threat so he didn't have to go to work
Ancient mastodon dung helps scientists discover early humans helped save Thanksgiving dinner
Top Irish barrister wins Miss Bikini title
Nuisance call blocking firms fined £170,000 ... for making nuisance calls
Saudis deny executing gay horse
Man Dressed As Darth Vader Tries To Rob Convenience Store, Defeated By Salad Dressing
Syria/Iraq David Cameron says we must bomb Isis in Syria 'to stop terrorism here in Britain'
Police rush in after man heard screaming 'I'm going to kill you'; discover noise caused by him attacking spider
Xavi reveals he follows Middlesbrough and is impressed by Sheffield United fans
Children 'becoming hunchbacks' due to addiction to smart phones
Forget Anonymous - the Mafia Is Ready to Take on ISIS
Australian police rush to a house after suspecting a domestic violence incident - find a man screaming at a spider
Fox News commentator relieves death threats for Star Wars joke
Fox News commentator receives death threats for Star Wars joke
Virginia family suing PETA after worker stole dog from front porch, had dog euthanized
Far-right BNP splinter group cancels Merseyside conference after Facebook page suggests members wear golliwog fancy dress
Top US Academy Bans Pillow Fights
Birds - like humans - argue over parental duties
Police in Australia respond to reports of a 'violent domestic' to find man screaming at spider
West Point bans annual pillow fight after dozens injured
Man killing spider has numerous police cars rush to his house.
Alex Salmond misses the Syria debate (but finds time to unveil his portrait)
Hungary terror suspects are WWII enthusiast, court rules
Hungarian terror suspects are really 'WWII enthusiasts', rules judge
Blaine Gabbert Was Only Person at His Press Conference
Nazi-inspired TV advertising removed from New York subway
Jim Harbaugh crushed a buckeye with a hammer on Bo Schembechler's grave
Belgian tourist boards parade cats to lure back tourists after lockdown
Study finds the average human attention span has dwindled to less than a Goldfish's
University students offered counseling after seeing a confederate flag on another student's laptop
Donald Trump mocks reporter's disability
Indiana man gets four-year sentence for stealing brains from museum, selling them
Police respond to reports of a man yelling threats, a woman screaming, and sounds of furniture being destroyed. They discover it was all a man who lived alone, trying to kill a spider.
In Response to Islamic Terror Wave, UN Adopts Six Resolutions - Against Israel
Force of blue cheese thwarts Darth Vader's robbery attempt
Vanuatu's president dissolves parliament after MPs convicted of bribery
Saudi Arabia, an ISIS that has made it.
Donald Trump under fire for mocking disabled reporter
Anonymous group takes down Isis website, replaces it with Viagra ad and message to calm down
Woman commits suicide after heated discussion with husband over Aamir Khan's intolerance remark
Movie only makes $69 from opening night.
Pirate needs 200,000 video views to avoid being sued
'Ghostbusters' called as Italy's last King spotted
Thug rammed 4x4 full of ERU gardai thinking they were rival gang
Australian police arrive on scene of suspected domestic abuse to find spider-chasing man
'Die, die!' Police responding to death threats find 'out-of-breath' man chasing spider
Parents warning of nightmare experiences with popular 'balls from hell' toy
Man builds plane using Youtube, will fly it to his own wedding
New anti-piracy trick: get 200k YouTube views or face massive fine
Goat Becomes Pals With Tiger Who Was Supposed to Eat It
'I'm sorry, I can't do that' -- Robots learning to say 'no'
Mutant mosquitoes resist malaria infection
Irish priests to hear confessions at shopping centre
University Students Comforted With 'Counseling' After Seeing Confederate Flag on Laptop
Silicon Valley professionals are taking LSD at work to increase productivity
Man charged with assaulting deputies with eggs and potatoes
Firefighters in Tennessee let a home burn to the ground because the owners did not pay a $75 fire subscription fee.
Charges Laid After Truck Stolen Twice
In one of many efforts to restore its reputation, FIFA donated $1.2 million worth of watches to charity
US West Point military academy bans mass pillow fights
Canadian teacher comes under fire for taking student to the casino... regularly.
I'll kill you if you say India's not safe one more time, Raj Thackeray warns Aamir Khan
Woman sues ex-boyfriend for saying she wasn't a prostitute
Slovak police catch "Fecal Phantom," who attacked victims by smearing poop on their face.
People suffer 'Post Deletion Stress Disorder' for clearing content to create storage space
Maine Man is in jail for self defending himself from moose he was banging
BUXTON, Maine -- A 38 year old Buxton man is in jail on animal cruelty charges after Game Wardens responded to reports of a moose killed in self defense. Wardens say Richard Shaker was attempting to have sexual relations with the moose
Our evil planet kills countless humans every year - why bother to save it?
Man's Noisy Spider Battle Sparks Police Calls
Passerby attacks headphones-wearing Muslim student he suspected of taking orders from ISIS
President Taft Ate a Lot of Possums
Former Apple worker (37) jailed for causing €15,000 worth of damage to luxury flat by storing excrement and urine there for three months
4th year Medic student kicked off his course for posting 'Liam Neeson' quote on Facebook
A turkey, or the Japanese prime minister? Chinese smirk as Obama pardons Abe
Man stole brains from medical museum and put them on eBay
Woman aspiring to look like Jessica Rabbit gets ribs removed - NY Daily News
orth Korean men ordered to copy Kim Jong-un's haircut [X-Post from /r/WorldNews]
Fleeing burglary suspect jumps in Puyallup River, shows up in stranger's home
Two men arrested trying to 'drill drug supply holes' into buildings at the Sydney Stereosonic dance party venue
Chinese gloat over Obama's turkey named Abe
World's Most "Adorable" Drug Kingpin is Actually the Daughter of Texas DEA Head Honcho
Man's attempt to kill spider confused with domestic violence, sparks police call
Phone conversation between drivers leads to head-on collision with each other.
North Korean men ordered to copy Kim Jong-un's haircut
BBC Trust tells parents unhappy at CBBC's late finish: 'there is an off button'
'For the Love of Egypt' Wins All 120 Party Seats in Elections
President Obama Compares Syrian Refugees to Mayflower Pilgrims, Administration Says States Can't Block Them
Gmail mistakenly flags Bernie Sanders' health care and college plan as a potential phishing scam
Driver arrested after vehicle ends up on roof of business | News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News | KATV
Minor Threat's Facebook Page Is Full Of Soft Porn | NOISEY
Police arrive at home after reports of a woman screaming & loud death threats; find single man running away from spider.
Mom upset over controversial ISIS homework assignment
Due to a pharmaceutical labeling error, a woman received severe chemical burns over 80% of her vagina during a routine medical procedure. By way of compensation, the pharmacy that made the error sent her an apology and a $50 gasoline gift card. The woman did not have a car.
Phuc Dat Bich is honored as his seemingly offensive name goes viral
'Mister Ugly' contest sparks riot after fans claim winner is 'too handsome'
Calgary truck stolen twice in one morning - but thieves foiled by snow
Dublin cafe 3fe offers 'water tasting menu' for €3.50 - Independent.ie
Police respond to woman screaming in apartment, find man inside afraid of a spider
Tory councillor told to pay for UKIP candidate's dental work after slapping him
Bullied teen born without anus gives inspiring school speech on being the 'new normal'
Mississippi man accused of attacking parents over fast food.
In Bizarre Statement, Donald Trump Says He Didn't Mock Reporter with Disability
Sumner Redstone can barely speak, but wants steak and sex every day
Turkey seeks shelter at Florida church
Operation to fix rooster's cock-a-doodle-doo
افضل كريم للشعر عن تجربة
Don't throw away your turkey bones! Give them to Michael Dukakis.
Saudi Arabia to 'sue' Twitter user describing Palestinian poet's death sentence as 'Isis-like'
Woman puts grilled cheese in toaster, erupts into flames
Why are London cyclists so white, male and middle-class?
I will kill you!
Why do people struggle to understand that I'm asexual?
Donald Trump denies mocking disabled reporter
FIFA gives 48 luxury watches to charity after officials hand them back
Killing ramps up fears of Venezuela poll violence
Nutella rejects personalised jar for five-year-old girl named Isis
Isis 'recognises' Taiwan in move thought to be aimed at annoying China
Aussie police rush to scene of killing, find dead spider
Man stabs parents after they ordered fast food but didn't get any for him
Retirement party spirals out of control, 200 retirees trash house
BDS fail: Pro-Palestinian group uses Israeli firm to build site
POLICE: MAN YELLING 'I'M GOING TO KILL YOU' WAS SCREAMING AT SPIDER
Creepy Japanese startup promises you a wakeup call from an underaged girl
Teenager dies after falling off car 'while twerking'
Irish Mist whiskey wasn't translated when sold in Germany and saw a drop in sales due to the German word mist meaning shit in English.
West Point bans cadets' pillow fight after 30 injured
Ann Summers creating a Black Friday buzz with vibrator giveaway
Oregon school cancels dance over dirty dancing concerns - AM 1380 The Answer
Fantasy Sports' Real Crime: Dehumanizing the Athletes
Teen Shoots Uncle During Thanksgiving Dinner for Asking if He Had a Girlfriend
Court: King of Kong's Billy Mitchell isn't an exploding, floating cartoon head
Russia shuts down donner kebab stands as World War III kicks off
CNN omits Israel from Middle East map
Nurse refused to help patient with bleeding head as she was on her break, tribunal told
Mahane Yehuda terrorist to file complain against police officer who shot her.
Pirate must get 200,000 views on his anti-piracy film to avoid being sued.
Deputies: Husband waving gun kills wife at card game
Mumbai attacks accused condemns Paris attacks
Conspiracy Corner: Has the Flag Illuminati Rigged the Referendum?
Coal can help reduce climate change, says Minerals Council of Australia
TTIP talks: EU alleged to have given ExxonMobil access to confidential papers
Donald Trump mocked a reporter with a disability at a South Carolina rally
Diane Abbott (British politician) Once Argued That 'On Balance Mao Did More Good Than Harm'
Spy agency GCHQ could face fines for 'hipster' job adverts on London streets
May the schwartz be with you: New Bavarian police 'force' gear draws smiles
Don't expect Anonymous to beat ISIS, cyber-security expert says
Chief Coca-Cola scientist leaves amid criticism over obesity research
Singapore lifts ban on 240 books and magazines - but not Playboy
Goat meant to be tiger's lunch makes friends with big cat at Far East zoo
Your neighbours have probably seen you naked, study says
Neighbours Have Probably Seen You Naked says Study
Pro-BDS group uses Israeli platform Wix to build website for Israel boycott
Florida man found guilty of wife's murder after posting photo on Facebook
Israel hold Miss Holocaust Survivors Beauty pageant
Australian Police: Man yelling 'I'm going to kill you' was screaming at spider.
City worker charged £3,700 for parking in central London for six hours
Man is stunned to find his bathroom tap sounds EXACTLY like an F1 car!
@ajc: Today could be the last time Georgia celebrates Robert E. Lee's birthday
Fight with spider ends with police being called
Man charged £3,731 for 6 hours of parking in central London
Walls that 'pee back' tackle people who urinate in public
Hackers can hijack Wi-Fi Hello Barbie to spy on your children
The scariest thing about Islamic State? Its kinder, gentler side.
11-year-old delivers mum's baby and then goes to school
Man ejected from Wisconsin football game sends police 240 doughnuts
Best drivers pass their test third time
Putin asks France for map of areas of Syria not to bomb.
Robot Metal Band Launch Crowdfunding Campaign to Build Lead Singer
'Dancing Cop' fired by city due to 'misrepresenting' police in boycott of Dunkin' Donuts - News - providencejournal.com - Providence, RI
Bookshops launch Civilised Saturday as antidote to Black Friday
Town of Godwin forgot that selling alcohol there was legal
Putin seeks map of forces not to bomb in Syria
Virginia seeing numerous drug-related underwear thefts
North Koreans ordered to copy Kim Jong-un's 'ambitious' hair style
Ohio Gov. John Kasich No Longer Just Banning M's For Michigan Week - Now It's Khakis.
Who will you blame once Obama's gone?
Man Kills Waffle House Worker Over Smoking Ban, Cops Say
Packers hold players only meeting about excessive video games
Spider causes man to trash flat, scream death threats -- police called
Young Greek women selling sex for the price of a sandwich, new study shows
Police: Argument over cigarette leads to murder at Biloxi Waffle House
According to Bernie Sanders, income inequality means many Americans aren't "truly free"
Weiner Mural Upsets Indiana Townspeople
Khamenei: U.S. Using "Money and Sexual Attractions" to Infiltrate Iran
Kim Jong-un: Men and women in North Korea ordered to wear leader's and first lady's hair styles
China unveils toy-sized 'armed attack' robots in war against terror
No murder here, just a man who's really, really afraid of spiders
The Pope sells out, ditches prog-rock for more radio friendly sound
Mannford Woman Blames 'Bad Day' For Busting Out Taco Bueno Windows
Man's attempt to kill spider confused with domestic violence
Mississippi man accused of stabbing parents because they didn't get him fast food
Feminist Blogger Is Making Sourdough Bread Out Of Her Yeast Infection
Spike Lee: female students should go on sex strike to combat campus rape
First human conversations were probably about rocks
Black Pastors Expected to Endorse Donald Trump
Ohio Governor, John Kasich, bans the letter M and khakis to help OSU to beat Michigan
Black Friday Myths Debunked - Top 14 Black Friday Myths Busted
Gmail Bot Marks Bernie's Campaign Promises As Fraud. Literally.
Baby abandoned in church Nativity scene
Cards Against Humanity has made over $40,000 selling nothing for Black Friday
Smithsonian: Statue of Liberty was originally a Muslim woman
Longhorns fan pursues tailgate beer thieves, has fistfight in the back of a moving pickup truck
Cards Against Humanity Black Friday deal: Give $5, get nothing
Couple caught publicly kissing in mall in Dubai get married
Belgian Physicists Calculate that Everyone Is Lying About the Downed Russian Jet
Police: Domestic violence call turns out to be man trying to kill spider
Saudi Arabia Denies Executing Prized Racehorse For Being "Gay"
Saudi Arabia denies claims it put 'gay' horse to death
NSA to shut down bulk phone surveillance program by Sunday
Man killed dad, attacked mom, for leaving him out of fast food run.
Physicists Create "Urine Black Holes" To Solve the Splashback Problem
Big Spider reason for Domestic Abuse Call...turns out man really really hates spiders
Viral teen YouTube star renounces conservatism
Prosecutor Seeks 580 year sentence for Amish kidnapper
Dirty Connecticut Mayor Sentenced to Prison for Corruption Reelected in Landslide
Domestic violence call turns out to be man trying to kill spider
After the cranberries and pie, take time to talk about death.
This woman had 6 ribs removed to look like a cartoon
People having sex with horses is on the rise in Switzerland
'I'm Going to Kill You': Man Screaming at Spider Prompts 'Domestic' Call, Police Response in Australia
Local Armed Citizen Approached Police At Planned Parenthood Shooting Site Offering To 'Help'
'Cable guy' trademark suit against Giterdone gas station
My relationship with a feeder almost killed me
42 Million Dead In Bloodiest Black Friday Weekend On Record
Sausalito man loses appellate ruling in motorcycle erection lawsuit
Ypsilanti police use turkey drawing to arrest wanted flasher
Most snow patches counted in Scotland's hills since 1994
KANYE ANNOUNCES PLANS TO CELEBRATE "YOU'RE WELCOMESGIVING"
Goat given to Siberian tiger as a meal now bullies the big cat around
People having sex w/ horses on the rise in Switzerland
New Yorkers may soon be able to buy kickbacks...as souvenirs
Australian Man's Fight With a Spider Ends With Police at His Door
When Some Turn to Church, Others Go to Crossfit
Bank glitch slaps Honolulu woman with trillion-dollar bill
Turning Killers into Rockstars - Substance
Man shoots Waffle House waitress who asked him not to smoke: Mississippi police
Infamous Stephen Harper Nude Painting Resurfaces and Is Up for Sale
Cop sentenced for cheese smuggling
Domestic violence call turns out to be man trying to kill a spider
Vogue editor: Skinny models don't cause body issues
New York City bus driver hospitalized after passenger fires laser
Man with ability to amplify his energy-field proves it with video. People call it Placebo.
Co-Host of the "The View" doesn't know if world is round
Pope Francis rocks: this ain't no dinner-party album
Snitch Tattles On Floridian Grandmas For Gambling on Mahjong
Mexico's Crime Prevention Point Man Is Wanted by the Law
Máy massage 12 chế độ MD061
A 5-Year-Old Girl Named Isis Can't Put Her Name on a Jar of Nutella
La Vida Oculta de Jesús de Nazaret
This Cloth-Making Technology Is Turning Trees Into Noodles
Cards Against Humanity Makes $71,000 on Black Friday by Selling Absolutely Nothing
Teacher: A student told me I 'couldn't understand because I was a white lady.' Here's what I did then.
Silicon Valley professionals take LSD to boost productivity
'Has the world gone mad?': Man fined in NSW for leaving his car unlocked
Cops find driver with chicken, vodka & Rs 22cr
Teen who sprayed mace at clerk said crime 'looked easy' on TV
Hatebeak is the world's preeminent black metal band fronted by a parrot
Hear the Single by the Death Metal Band With a Parrot Lead Singer
Konkasör Tesisi-Mobil Konkasör Tesisi-Kum Eleme Yıkama Tesisi
With three hit singles to his name and more than 4,600 fans, Hatebeak is the best black metal band you've never heard of-fronted by a 25-year-old African Grey Parrot named Waldo.
Mafias vs ISIS: Son of Mafia Boss John Gambino Vows To Protect New York From Terrorists
Boy going blind finally gets even more dire diagnosis
Military to apologize to Winnipeg girl named Isis after snafu over her name
Looking For Estate Agent In Swindon
Canada's 'David Bowie' now a Zamboni driver in Moose Jaw
Cats used as bait to lure tourists back to Brussels
Girl Named Isis Can't Have Name On Nutella
Man kills Mississippi Waffle House employee over smoking policy
New startup aims to transfer people's consciousness into artificial bodies so they can live forever
Waffle House employee shot dead after telling customer not to smoke
This woman had six ribs removed to look like a cartoon , now she looks like this
Spy agency GCHQ facing fines for 'hipster' job adverts on London streets
This goat was meant to be the tiger's lunch, but now it bosses the big cat
Diamond of the century too big to value
Canadian Jackpot Winner Dies After Attempting To Gold Plate His Balls
Police officer charged with drink-driving after car ends up on roof following smash
HMRC asks tax avoiders to promise to be good
10,000 people in Switzerland predisposed to zoophilia, cases of humans having sex with horses on the rise
A pigeon has been arrested for drug charges.
Cases Of People Having Sex With Horses Up In Switzerland
'Gods of Egypt' Director, Studio Apologize for Lack of Diverse Casting: 'We Can Do Better
Saudis scorn 'homosexual horse execution' report
Man amputates his twin's arm and attaches it to himself. Calls it body modification.
People Are Upset This Year's Reese's Peanut Butter Christmas Trees Don't Look Enough Like Christmas Trees
Congressman Adam Kinzinger attacks Planned Parenthood on live TV during shooting at Colorado Springs clinic
Black Lives Matter Protestors Rip Down Chicago Christmas Tree
Man says he was shot, asks for Uber ride home
Political Corruption Museum Could Become Albany Tourism Draw
The landscaper who will be king: B.C. man to lead Ghana tribe
The Messed-Up Story Behind Alberta's Sad Tradition of Throwing Loonies at Strippers
'Murder in progress' turns out to be guy killing a spider
Soldier apologizes to a 9 year old girl named Isis
Pro-life activists are celebrating the Planned Parenthood shooting
Nicki Minaj Loves Her New Wax Figure, but It's Bringing Out the Worst in People
Community reacts after Waffle House waitress shot and killed
Kmart Chief Says 6 A.M. Thanksgiving Openings Are "Great Fun" For Staff
N.J. woman chooses to die in the luncheonette she ran for 36 years
Shooting incident at St. Augustine gun range wounds Georgia man
The case for letting children vote
'DOO DOO THE CLOWN' HONORED FOR HEROIC ACTIONS
People steal man's facebook photo to create meme
Russian MP died when husband set off grenade during sex in car
Palm Coast Man Throws Eggs and Potato at Cops
Saudi Arabia denies claim that a racehorse was killed because it was gay
Stephen French - former anti-gun campaigner: "I know pistol whipping rival was hypocritical"
Man Who Kidnapped 2 Amish Girls Could Face 580 Years in Prison
Dogs Devour Owner's Corpse
Firefighter Who Failed Fitness Tests Injures Herself 10 Days Into Job
Saudi Arabia has denied claims they executed an £8m racehorse because it was gay
Michael Dukakis would very much like your turkey carcass
Man sues BMW for "persistent erection" after motorcycle ride
Florida gun makers design assault rifle with Bible verse and cross etched on each side so 'Muslim terrorists won't use it'
Swastika is a symbol of peace, elite school tells sixth-graders
Josh Pastner is undefeated at Memphis when outscoring opponents, according to Memphis
Davis Cup final party starts in style despite being in a warehouse next to Ikea
Newborn Baby Abandoned In Church's Manger Already Being Loved
Black Friday - Chris Forsberg Drifts Through Abandoned Mall
'The struggle is real!' Kim Kardashian reveals the surprising amount of thought that goes into crafting the perfect Instagram caption
Former Miss USA Dumps Tim Tebow Because He Wouldn't Have Sex With Her
Canadian Jackpot Winner Dies Attempting to Gold Plate His Testicles
Experts warn of big rise in sex attacks on horses - and say there are 10,000 people in Switzerland 'predisposed' towards twisted interest in animals
A creepy clown in an orange jumpsuit is haunting one Wisconsin town
Man's attempt to kill spider mistaken for domestic dispute.
Man's medical career ruined after posting Liam Neeson's famous Taken quote on Facebook
Raped woman did not notify the police: "I feel sorry for him because he is a refugee"
Sweden to reward returning ISIS Jihadists
Brazilian police hunt Santa Claus who stole Sao Paulo helicopter
Drunk Men in Vancouver Are Killing People By Sucker Punching Them
The NSA Says It Will Finally Stop Spying On Millions of Americans at Midnight on Saturday
Black Ohio State student dies from jumping into lake, and not being able to swim due to broken neck
Cards Against Humanity gave customers the opportunity to purchase literally nothing on Black Friday, made a windfall profit of $71,145.
Tracy Morgan wakes up from coma, claims he saw God and was told his "time on earth was not up"
Fears over rise in horse sex abuse in Switzerland
Woman Contracts Gnarly Infection From Her Hair Tie
Suspected burglar stuck in Huron home's chimney dies after residents light fire
Trucker Goes Missing With 40,000 Pounds Of Meat
Climate change could have link with terrorism, UN chief Ban Ki-moon tells CBC
The ancient and increasing Order of Croakers
Atlanta Jackpot Winner Dies After Gold Plating His Balls
Boehner silent on Weiner scandal
New Hampshire Union Leader endorses Chris Christie
Daniel Radcliffe explains he 'was not wanking' on Harry Potter set
Internet mocks Islamic State by editing rubber ducks into recruitment photos
SOUTH PARK REFERENCE GETS COLORADO STUDENTS SUSPENDED IN LATEST LIFE-IMITATES-ART CASE
Planned Parenthood Shooting Appears To Have Been Politically Motivated
Wife gang-raped, husband SMSes 'talaaq, talaaq, talaaq'
Snitch ruins Florida retirement community's penny-ante mahjong game
Man makes selfie arms to avoid being seen using selfie sticks
Town demolishes veteran's house while he has surgery
John Cena accidentally says 'You Can't See Me' to a blind kid
The amount of people having sex with horses is on the rise in Switzerland
A woman had six ribs removed to make her look like Jessica Rabbit
Officials ID waitress who was killed over patron's cigarette
SoundCloud Finally Goes Too Far, Removes Silent Track for Copyright Infringement
Another danger of climate change: Giant flying boulders?
Suspected Burglar Died After Getting Stuck in California Chimney
Check out this wiki page www.world-2016-free.blogspot.com
Official: Clinic suspect made 'no more baby parts' comment
Russian edition of Maxim published a list of male celebrities they forgive for being gay
Antiabortion Sentiment Emerges as Possible Motive for Colorado Shooting
People Are NOT Happy About Reese's Christmas Trees This Year
David Villa, who is not Latino, is a finalist for MLS Latino Player of the Year (xpost /r/MLS)
'Dancing Cop' Fired for Protesting Dunkin Donuts Worker's #BlackLivesMatter Message
Reese's tries -- and fails -- to make tree-shaped peanut butter cups
The internet has united to photoshop Isis fighters as rubber ducks
Greektown armored car robber walks away with $500,000
Famous racehorse to be executed for being homosexual.
Ben Carson says Syrian refugees shouldn't come to the US, while meeting Syrian refugees
Private school teacher complains girls 'cramming their heads full of facts'
Brazilian Santa wanted after stealing helicopter in Sao Paulo
Fewer obese children starting school, but third leave overweight
Man loses lawsuit claiming BMW motorcycle gave him an extended erection
Man Sues BMW for Long-Lasting Erection
Police: Man who struck, killed student says he's blind
Brazilian police hunt Santa Claus who stole helicopter in Sao Paulo
Former Miss USA breaks up with Tim Tebow due to "lack of sex"
Report: 'Adorable' Drug Kingpin's Father Is a DEA Agent
Union fired their own workers for trying to organize a union, source says
Tim Tebow's Miss USA girlfriend breaks it off due to his abstinence
Cox Can't Describe Rightscorp As "Extortionists" and "Trolls" During Trial
Life-size chocolate Putin to be showcased in St.Pete
Man Loses Appellate Ruling in Motorcycle Erection Lawsuit
British forger claims Leonardo da Vinci drawing believed to be worth £100 million is actually a picture of a Co-op shop girl he drew in 1978
Forger claims Da Vinci masterpiece is supermarket checkout girl
Northern California town colder than Barrow, Alaska, as deep freeze intensifies
Intruder dies in California chimney after homeowner lights fire
A Quarter of Men Think They Get PMS Too, According to a New Survey
Trump denies mocking journalist who has disability, demands an apology
Woman survives car crash, dies trying to retrieve her things.
How Ahmed The Clock Boy Conned America
Billionaire Hedge Fund Manager Sorry That Newark Youths Couldn't Play Soccer Around The Helicopter He Parked In The Middle Of Their Field
Cards Against Humanity trolls the world making $71,000 after charging $5 for absolutely nothing on Black Friday
Kansas colleges prepare for gun-toting students
Suspected burglar stuck in chimney dies after homeowner lights fire in Fresno County
Ted Cruz Describes Alleged Planned Parenthood Shooter As 'Transgendered Leftist Activist'
Could Your Healthy Diet Make Me Fat?
Sneezing on buckets of kids can cause them to sneeze back...A big bag of about 10 (10-12) dirty children can be sneezed on, but if they cry back at you, they will explode into sauce (sauces)
Bong sparked argument that led to Crystal Lake kitten's death, hearing reveals - Teen told police kitten was more difficult to kill than he thought it would be
Man sues Guinness Book of Records over 'most lawsuits' claim
Atlanta Lottery Winner Dies After Gold Plating His Testicles
Man batters family over goat testicles
Brothers Brook, Robin Lopez don't live together because their cats fight
Ahead of climate summit, French use emergency laws to put activists under house arrest
Man kills his wife's rapist, cuts off his penis, fries and then eats it
Toronto Zoo briefly closes baboon exhibit after matriarch's death sparks violent power struggle
Man kills rapist, eats his penis 'to heal heartache'
Michelle Obama Grants Barack Second Emergency Cigarette "And not that vape junk. The real thing."
Ted Cruz Floats Report That Planned Parenthood Shooter Was A "Transgendered Leftist"
BINDI ADDRESSES THAT 'FART NOISE' ON DWTS
Cavs organization bans players from riding Hoverboards
Jackpot Winner Dies After Gold Plating His Balls
Ted Cruz Calls Alleged Planned Parenthood Shooter 'Transgendered Leftist Activist'
Ted Cruz Calls Alleged Colorado PP Shooter a 'Transgendered Leftist Activist'
ISIS sets fire to hundreds of crates of Halal chicken despite thousands of refugees facing starvation in Syria
DO NOT WATCH THIS
Campaigners target online trolls by putting their comments on billboards
Stereosonic festival-goer collapses on the ground while her friends argue about who will go in the ambulance with her 'as they don't want to miss the concert'
Man Attacks Roommate for Taking Too Long in Bathroom: Police
Aldi pays $400k to shopper who slipped on disabled sign painted on the ground
Former Miss Universe Dumps Tim Tebow For Not Having Sex With Her
Man Dies In Chimney, Trying to Burglarize Home
Brutal baboon battle erupts for throne at Toronto Zoo after matriarch dies
Police expect violent scene, find man screaming at spider.
Woman involved in Long Island crash killed after going back to her car
Catholic Diocese investigate 'bleeding' communion wafer being hailed as miracle by believers in Utah.
Climate change is a form of terror
Christmas is cancelled: Italians outraged over school decision to ban festivities
Men in panda onesies carry out armed robbery in Lincolnshire
New York subway decorated with Nazi insignia by Amazon
Barbaric Hungarian driver attempts to run over migrants
A Lamb-Jellyfish Hybrid Lab Animal Was Accidentally Sold for Meat in Paris
NY driver survives rollover, then is killed crossing road to get items from her car
Young Taylor Swift Fan Gets to Meet Her Idol Before Losing Hearing
Strathmore University: Terror drill using live bullets leads to panic and injuries at Kenyan university
Canadian man drinks 4 beers and runs a mile in 4:51, setting new beer mile world record.
Zinedine Zidane's son headbutts opponent in derby match
Iranian general Soleimani denies rumors of his death
How to Slow Climate Change. With a Fake Volcano
Man turns down $120 million dollars because he has to live in Arizona
Suspected burglar who got stuck in chimney died of thermal burns and smoke inhalation
Celebrating St Andrew's Day - with the Romanian flag
Police called to 'domestic dispute' only to find man screaming at spider
Model Spends $120K on Surgeries, Removes 6 Ribs So She Can Look Like Jessica Rabbit
Dog hoarder dies, gets eaten by malnourished pets
At Upper Michigan's only strip club, hunting season is huge
Newspaper draws piggy bank to show ISIS funding, Muslim groups attack it as pig is "unislamic"
Burglar Still Stuck in Chimney When Homeowner Returns and Lights Fire
Fiorina: I Will Not Be Bullied Into Telling Truth
China sticks to right to decide reincarnation of Dalai Lama
Jordanian sheikh stirs controversy with fatwa against killing Jews
Fiorina: "I will not be bullied into telling the truth"
Jim Gilmore: Rand Paul "Really Not A Factor At This Point"
Black Lives Matter protesters target dancing cop's new gig
Cruz: The Colorado shooter may have been a 'transgendered leftist activist'
Man named Poor buries cash to avoid bank only to have it eaten by worms
Researchers establish the world's first mathematical theory of humor
Paranoid Pensioner Buries Life Savings Underground; Cash Gets Eaten By Worms
Niagara officer sentenced in cheese smuggling case
Starbucks Red Cup Controversy Sparks Politically Incorrect Christmas Spin-Off
Passenger rants about Islamic State before shooting Muslim taxi driver in back
Petitioning the Unicode Consortium: KitKat The Break Emoji
Police Hunt 'Pandas' After Newsagents Robbed
Tim Tebow, Olivia Culpo Split Because of His Virginity Vow: Report
Times Square Hulk Arrested for Disorderly Conduct
'Sleeping Beauty' axed from Sleeping Beauty pantomime because of gender stereotypes
Man charged in the death of muralist shot while painting anti-violence art in Oakland
Snitch ruins Orlando-area retirement community's penny-ante mahjong game
Mount Pleasant windmill damaged by 'exceptional' winds
Burglar gets trapped in chimney, dies when residents light fire
Globes English - Israel buys most oil smuggled from ISIS territory
Breast Milk Ice Cream A Hit At London Store
Jersey City stabbing victim tells cops he'll handle situation his 'damn self'
Donald Trump Claims He Thought Meeting With African-American Pastors Was an Endorsement
Cruz: Maybe shooter's a transgendered leftist
Terror drill at Kenya University leaves 1 dead and several injured.
NHL To Increase Scoring By Mandating Fans Yell "Shoot" More
Meet the 15-year-old kid who's suing Obama over climate change
Most read Videos Quizzes News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGJUNIOR DOCTORS STRIKECYBER MONDAYTAX CREDITSISISTERRORISM Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News UK News Prisons Convicted murderer on day release gets into fight while waiting for food in McDonalds.
One dead, 30 injured in Strathmore University terror drill.
iPhone User Sues Apple for Accidentally Deleting Photos from His Honeymoon
Zidane's son ejected from Real Madrid match - for headbutt
Florida Cops Shut Down Old Ladies' Mahjong Game
Carson: Syrian refugees don't want to come to U.S., camps need more support.
The elf on the shelf is preparing your child to live in a future police state professor says
Pope Francis picked up a microphone. The Internet gave him lyrics.
Al-Azhar: Marrying ISIS fighters for few hours is forbidden by Islam
Kids' info is exposed in vtech hack, impacts more than 5 million
Police investigate reports of fat-shaming cards on London tube
Why I Change My Tampon In Front Of My Children
Suspected burglar dies in chimney after homeowner in California lights fire
Turkmenistan choir breaks world record singing president's song
Illegal immigrants sue Oregon over ballot measure denying licenses
'Inequality' is behind the rise of Isis, says author Thomas Piketty
Brussels security delays St Nicholas
Man arrested for raising Black Friday ruckus over can of floor wax
Former Duke star/NBA rookie Jalil Okafor tried to use a fake ID at a bar
Former death row inmate won't get a third trial in death of his estranged girlfriend, who also was his first cousin
Canada woman faces 10 years in prison for giving pigs water on hot day
Waupaca County Sheriff's Office investigates sexual assault of horse
Iran orchestra barred over women musicians
FBI Redacted Passages Showing Judge Mocking Its Stupid Claims
Farmer refuses to eat sweet potato because it's too sexy for this dinner plate
Puppy Rescued After Boiling Water Attack
Police report: South Carolina stripper beats man who pointed out her 'muffin top'
CBS Sports is getting a new logo for the first time in 35 years
Bickering city leaders to talk with lawyer about 'how to get along'
Ted Cruz Says Planned Parenthood Gunman Was "Transgender Leftist Activist"
Russian School Head Causes Fury After Proposing Fundraiser for New Su-24
'Gods of Egypt' Studio and Director Apologize for White Cast
George Lucas says he's been hiding from the internet for 15 years [Episode 1 came out 16 years ago]
Schoolgirl found hanging from tree after suffering from 'rare allergic reaction to WiFi'
Ted Cruz Does 'Princess Bride' Impression
Anita Krajnc: Woman who gave last drink to doomed pigs faces 10 year sentence
Marco Rubio: The United States is Governed by God, Not the Constitution (Video)
Attempt to build world's biggest Rubik's cube ends in disaster
The State Dept. Redacted All Of Hillary's 'Achievements' As Secretary Of State
Donald Trump Cancels Press Event With Black Pastors After Finding Out They're Not Endorsing Him
SWEDISH WOMAN RAPED BY 'REFUGEE', REFUSES TO REPORT IT BECAUSE SHE FEELS SORRY FOR HIM
Mauritanian president orders game to penalties out of boredom
Pastor who married pregnant teen with wife's approval is angry gay marriage is legal
New Japanese business lets sad office workers hire 'Handsome Weeping Boys' to brush away their tears
Politician Dies After Husband Sets Off Grenade During Sex
Dems Push To Have Obama Added To Mount Rushmore
State sues prisoners to pay for their room, board
Toddler's eyeball sliced in half by drone propeller
Woman who gave water to thirsty pigs trapped in slaughter lorry faces jail for 'criminal mischief'
Man tries to break into California home via chimney, gets stuck, dies after owner lights fire
'Allahu Akbar' track hits #2 on Spotify viral chart
Schoolgirl Dies After Suffering Allergic Reaction to Wifi
The Isis condo is being built in Thailand
Study: Some Deepak Chopra tweets are indistinguishable from bullshit.
This is Not a Day Care. It's a University!
Impatient Lady Driving Her Jaguar On the Grass Turns Out to Be Queen Elizabeth
Title: Capitol Hill abuzz after 15,000 honey bees swarm Senate entrance
Singapore-based online shop apologises for using phrase 'Rape us now' during Black Friday sale
Police report: Stripper beats man who said she was fat, had 'muffin top'
Man aged 60 marries his pregnant teenage girlfriend - with his wife's blessing
Fiorina: I Will Not Be Bullied Into Telling Truth - The New Yorker
Pittsburgh Themed Hotel "Yinzer Palace" Slated To Open In Las Vegas In 2016
The Daily Telegraph used picture of wrong woman as drug overdose victim on front page
Philippine politician running for president swears at pope for holding up traffic for 5 hours.
Filipino politician running for president swears at Pope for holding up traffic for 5 hours
An Utah woman drove her daughter and several other juveniles around as they threw eggs at as many as 20 homes, causing several thousand dollars in damage
Spanish Footballer Gets One-Year Ban After Being Found Guilty of Trying to Slap Referee With His Penis
Spanish Footballer Banned 1 year For Attempting To Slap A Female Referee With His Penis
Male Feminist Reclaims The Word 'Bitch'
Pope Francis releases rock album Wake Up
European civilisation in hands of French cheesemakers, says Prince Charles
Trump says he'll debate on CNN if it donates $5M
Mother arrested after taking daughter egging around town
Donald Trump Yells 'Nein Nein Nein' in Middle of Speech
Pamela Anderson's vegan boots are made out of recycled TV screens.
Dark matter 'hairs' may grow out of Earth
Woman claims gay porn company trashed her Airbnb mansion rental
Reese's fans think special edition Christmas tree candy look like 'turds' | Fox News
Student, 19, arrested in drug dealing bust is daughter of Texas DEA
Taj Mahal: India monument 'not a Hindu temple'
Welcome to Isis - have an avocado! Australian region stands by its name
Suspicious Device at Sherman Oaks Mall Was Egg Wrapped in Duct Tape
Warning that Christmas fairy lights can slow your Wi-Fi
SoundCloud Removed Silent Song For Copyright Infringement
Mother claims wifi allergy killed her daughter and accuses school of failing to safeguard children
Buy whey protein online
Mauritania President Reportedly Gets Bored During Final, Orders It to Penalties
Bid to rename Canterbury West railway station after Kanye West
Thom Yorke just compared YouTube to Nazi Germany
Mauritanian president orders football game to penalties out of boredom
Middlesbrough car found with garden chair driver's seat
Russian army deserter caught after 10 years hiding in a forest
Kanye West: Fans petition to change train station Canterbury West to rapper's name
Zinedine Zidane's son is sent off for a headbutt
Men are not from Mars and women are not from Venus, new study suggests
Scott Walker Bankrupts Wisconsin Food Banks-Just in Time for Christmas!
Cruz: Most violent criminals are Democrats
Trump mulls debate boycott unless CNN donates $5M
Stephen Harper nude painting sold to Vancouver man for $20K
Court rules a BMW motorbike will not give you a 2-day erection
Man killed by skateboard at O.C. Starbucks was convicted of sex crime in 2012
Robbers in panda onesies hit store
Suicide bomber 'blew himself up because of stress', says Ibrahim Abdeslam's family
Catholic Hospital Argues Fetuses Are Not People In Malpractice Suit
Schoolgirl Jenny Fry found hanged after 'suffering from allergy to WiFi'
'Herman Cain to Jeb Bush: 'At least I was once winning'
Saudi officials deny claims they executed a horse because it was caught having gay sex
Man picks girlfriend up from jail in Tempe in a reported stolen truck
Mother smuggles drugs in tampons to daughter in jail
Matt Millen admits he never should have run a team, apologizes to Lions fans
Drug-smuggling Oregon mom uses tampons to sneak meth, pills to jailed daughter
Pastor marries pregnant teen with wife's blessing
Mother Accused of Smuggling Tampons Stuffed with Drugs to Daughter in Jail
Hilarious Remixers Hand Out Copyright Smackdown
Tempe PD: Man stole truck to pick girlfriend up from jail
Israelis Celebrate Modern Hanukkah Miracle as Mahmoud Abbas Begins 11th Year of His 4 Year Presidential Term
Donald Trump suggests CNN pay him $5 million for next debate appearance
Referee to study Gollum over probe for insulting Erdogan
Referee to study Gollum over probe for insulting Erdoğan
This UCLA Professor Called Racist For The Horrible Thing He Did To A Black Student
Did Russia Shade Lady Gaga For Her LGBT Views By Making An Ugly Wax Figure Of Her?
Sheffield fan gives Public Enemy a lift to their arena gig in his Ford Focus
Hoverboard Explodes, Destroying Family Home, Mom Says
Coke-Funded Obesity Group Disbands
'Spider-Man' Standalone Film May Feature More Heroes
'Exploding' hoverboard blamed for destroying Louisiana family's home
Retired Cambridge academic refuses to help Israeli girl with school project 'until there is peace in Palestine'
Obama Speaking in Paris: Mass Shootings 'Don't Happen in Other Countries'
Tiny Tokyo noodle shop becomes first ramen bar to get Michelin star
What The Rock said he looked like as a kid
Obama In Paris: Mass Shootings Don't Happen In Other Countries
Leonardo DiCaprio 'gets raped by a bear in The Revenant'
Bizarre Tim Hortons drive-through-rage case - and resulting hammer attack - ends in $750 in fines
Turkish Court Orders for Expert Examination of Gollum after a Meme comparing President Erdogan's facial expressions
Charles Darwin was a big advocate for wild swimming and was so impressed by the effects, that he subsequently imported large volumes of water from the natural springs to his own home to fill his bath.
Obama on climate change: "I actually think we're going to solve this thing"
Finland has unveiled a national emoji - all hail the Nokia 3310 pictogram
Thom Yorke Compares Google, YouTube To Nazi Germany
Citing rapid Apple Watch adoption, British Airways to launch wrist-friendly ticket scanners
Name a Cockroach After Your Ex for Just $10 at the Bronx Zoo
Man kills imaginary friend, turns himself in, takes world's saddest mugshot.
Man arrested with 51 live turtles in his pants expected to plead guilty to smuggling
67 mac and cheese-fed cats removed from Salisbury mobile home
Mac Sabbath, a McDonalds themed Black Sabbath band heads to Syracuse
Adobe is telling people to stop using Flash
Texas GOP official wants secession on the primary ballot
Cruz: 'Overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats'
Thom Miller: Pastor marries pregnant girlfriend with consent of his wife
Homeless woman gives birth at bus stop in San Francisco
Obama condemns abortion clinic mass-shooting as he says - in PARIS - that large-scale gun violence 'doesn't happen in other countries'
Activist protesting racial issues makes bomb/gun threats against blacks on fake Twitter account.
Man caught with turtles in pants expected to plead guilty in Ann Arbor
Sleeping Burglar Found Snoring On Student's Sofa
No, Leonardo DiCaprio Is Not Raped by a Bear in The Revenant
Speaking in Paris, the Site of Recent Terror Attacks, Obama Claims Mass Shootings Don't 'Happen in Other Countries'
'Fat shaming' cards handed to London Tube passengers
No, Leonardo DiCaprio didn't get raped by a bear in that movie
Texas DEA Agent's Daughter Is A Teenage Drug Lord
Court asks for expert examination of Gollum character
Man shows up to pizza shop with gunshot wound
UK Regulators Warn That Christmas Lights Can Slow Your Wi-Fi
Cops Arrest Man Who Allegedly Threatened to Give Store Clerks AIDS with Apparent Syringe
Ex-con can use his own shovels to dig for evidence of harvesting body parts at state pen, judge rules
China: Nanjing announces fines for dirty vehicles
Cops: Man Who Threatened to Give Clerk AIDS Arrested
Parents Are Naming Their Kids After Instagram Filters
Parents Are Naming Their Babies After Instagram Filters
Park City to Start Charging Lift Tickets by the Pound
Police called to 'domestic dispute' to find man screaming at spider - Story
Ted Cruz accuses Democrats of raising threat of 'condom police' to scare voters
Paul Ryan is the first bearded House speaker in 90 years
Instababies: People are naming kids after Instagram filters
Canadian man caught smuggling 51 turtles in his pants to plead guilty
One of Bernie Sanders' Biggest Supporters Is a Rooster Named Mr. Clucky
Canadian with 51 turtles in his pants expected to plead guilty
Mauritanian President stops football game in 63rd minute for penalty shootout
GOP lawmaker: Planned Parenthood is the 'real culprit' in the shooting
Man tried to smuggle 51 turtles in pants across Detroit-Windsor border
Renowned Brooklyn Pizzeria Adds 3 Percent Obamacare Surcharge to All Checks
Cops: Man took ambulance for joy ride, strands patient, EMTs
Why Am I A Pirate? We Speak To The Pirate Party Grassroots
Drunk 19-year-old woman stole hard-cider truck, crashed into Maine barn
Police blotter: Man denies molesting vending machine; DNA tells different story
Deion Sanders Says He's Submitting to Jesus After Winning $2M Lawsuit Against Ex-Wife Pilar
Canadian pleads guilty to smuggling after being caught with turtles in his pants
Teen who is allergic to wifi commits suicide
LeBron James Jr. won't wear his dad's number: "He doesn't want people to know who he is."
Teen refuses to stop dressing like a clown at night and terrorizing town
Referee to investigate Gollum over probe for insulting Erdoğan
Christian group conducts study, finds out that Christians have the most abortions
This armored vehicle lets you use PowerPoint on the battlefield
Dumb Hicks Are America's Greatest Threat
Adobe Telling People Not To Use Flash
19 Year Old Lush Steals, Crashes Angry Orchard Hard Cider Truck In Maine
Judge allows cat company at Chelmsford Crown Court
Morrissey says the TSA is worse than ISIS
Vauxhall And ISIS: Morrissey says terrorist group more considerate than the TSA
Anti-abortion groups target IUD use
Colorado lawmaker: Planned Parenthood 'the real culprit' for violence
Fox News Confirms Leo DiCaprio not raped by bear in latest film.
Hayes woman gives birth in intu Uxbridge toilets
Mark Zuckerberg to give away 99 percent of his Facebook stock, worth $45 billion
Best Credit Cards 2016
Parents Are Naming Babies After Instagram Filters
Leonardo DiCaprio's character definitely NOT raped by bear in 'The Revenant'
Photos Show Officer at Burger King Night of Laquan McDonald's Death
Jeb Bush's Spokesman Asks on Twitter Whether People Can Get Raped by Bears
The US military investigated building a "gay bomb", which would make enemy soldiers "sexually irresistible" to each other, government papers say. (X-Post from r/todayilearned)
College student caught smuggling turtles in pants pleads guilty
Comcast data caps make life for deaf difficult
Intoxicated woman crashes Angry Orchard truck into Limerick barn
Man accused of robbing Moorhead Casey's for donut, beef stick, phone cord
Researchers confirm Humpty Dumpty really can't be put together again
Australian rugby league team Isis Devils refuse to change their name despite being mistaken for terrorist group
Norman Officer Rescues Donkey On The Loose
Greeks Told To Declare Cash "Under The Mattress", Jewelry And Precious Stones
Doctor barred by health institution for Erdoğan-Gollum photo
Canadian law students disciplined over hockey team name Dixon Cider
Couple too fat to have sex are taking drastic measures to have kids
Young people who question the Government or media may be extremists, officials tell parents
Ben Carson Says US Can't Admit More Refugees Because Our Hostility Will Radicalize Them
This Professor Calculated The True Cost of Destroying The Death Star
Fart more if you want to live a long and happy life
Michigan's Jake Butt wins Big Ten tight end of the year (x-post /r/cfb)
Trump threatens to boycott CNN debate, demands $5 million
Retired Cambridge Researcher Won't Answer Little Girl's Horse Questions 'Until There Is Peace in Palestine'
Michigan's Jake Butt wins Big Ten tight end of the year
A Court Needs A "Gollum Expert" To Decide Whether To Jail Someone For A Meme
Man Marries Pizza After Realising It's The Most Lovable And Trustworthy Partner He Could Get
Colorado GOP lawmaker blames Planned Parenthood for shooting at Planned Parenthood
Patent troll claims HTTPS websites infringe crypto patent, sues everybody
Turkish court 'orders Gollum study' in Erdogan case
A Nevada solar plant is vaporizing an entire food chain. Engineers have nicknamed the instantly incinerated birds "streamers" for the trail of smoke they leave.
Man held at Guantánamo for 13 years a case of mistaken identity, say officials
Hartford Police: Man Shot, Again, On Capen Street
LEO DICAPRIO NOT RAPED BY BEAR ... FOX Confirms
Studio denies Leonardo DiCaprio is raped by a bear in The Revenant
Man Charged With Driving Drunk In Seymour Christmas Parade
Watch human Barbie doll who had 6 ribs removed talk about why she spent £165,000 changing her body
Studio DENIES Leonardo DiCaprio is 'raped twice by a bear in his new film The Revenant' in actor's latest bid for Oscar glory
Oklahoma Police Officer Convinces Gullible Donkey to Hop in Squad Car
B1G awards: U-M's Butt named Tight End of the Year
Anonymous threatens Sam Pepper over 'best friend murder prank'
Woman Has Plastic Surgery to Remove Six Ribs and Achieve Cartoon Character Proportions
A wife wrote a Craigslist open letter to the "other woman" and it is one intense warning
World's Most 'Adorable Drug Kingpin' Is Daughter Of Texas DEA Head Honcho
Adobe Tells People Not To Use Flash
Illinois is suing newly released prisoners for the cost of their room and board
Man Applies to Place "Gay Pride Festivus Pole" at Capitol
UMD Fat Studies course labels dieting 'special enemy' of diversity
Video: Doo Doo the Clown rescues women after man punches, assaults them
7 Unbelievable Ways The Government Wasted Your Tax Dollars Last Year
Minnesota Secession Movement Gains Traction
Black students organize to defeat racism with having no white people to the event.
O'Malley does freestyle rap: 'Guns, guns, guns, I don't like them guns'
Spooky Shadow Woman Saw in a Dream Was Actually a Burglar, Police Say
Man caught with 51 turtles in pants pleads guilty to smuggling
Teen Allergic to Wi-Fi Commits Suicide, Parents Say
Canadian caught with 51 turtles in his pants pleads guilty in Michigan
Man Posts 'Happy Thanksgiving' To His Slain Friends, Then Gets Shot Dead
Married couple so fat they've never had sex
special double insulation ecca wire prices
Top Baby Names of 2015 Reveal Parents Are Apparently Naming Their Babies After Instagram Filters
Woman says Wi-Fi allergy killed her daughter
Stubb's sues Stubb's over BBQ expansion
Manhattanites fear being stuck with new '332' area code
Kentucky Woman Undergoes Operation After Hair Tie Causes Dangerous Infection
maine woman steals truck full of booze, leads cops on drunken chase and crashes into a barn
Bears are promiscuous when seeking a mate and will murder for sex but don't have sex with humans
Connecticut man drives seven hours to Ottawa to see one very large cheese
Police: Drunk 19-year-old woman stole hard-cider truck, crashed into Maine barn
Congress Moves Again to Block Investigation of Congressional Insider Trading
Fxxk Air Pollution: China's artists and fashion designers respond to Beijing smog.
Steven Seagal wanted by Serbia to train special police forces
Donald Trump demands $5 million from CNN to participate in next Republican debate
Trump mulls charging CNN $5 million for debate appearance
50 Cent To Executive Producer & Star In FOX Sitcom "My Friend 50"
Seagal asked to train Serbian police
'She can't be in peace:' Mystery penis photos texted to women's cellphones
Turkish court calls for experts to establish whether Erdogan looks like... Gollum?
Burglar dies in Chimney after homeowner lights fire
Thief ends up trapped in crashed Porsche after filming himself stealing it
FOOTBALL: Bored Mauritania President orders cup final to penalties - after an hour
Astrophysicists say both Russia and Turkey are lying about the shot-down jet
Fox Shuts Down Report of Bear Rape in 'The Revenant'
Teen Allergic to Wi-Fi Commits Suicide
Physicists Show Both Russia And Turkey Were Lying About The Downed Russian Plane
Public Enemy's Flavor Flav and Chuck D hitch lift to gig in fan's car
Twenty-Four-Year-Old Hits Three People in His Lamborghini, Hangs Out the Window to Text After
Serbia asks Steven Seagal to train its special police
Tacoma Self Storage becomes Elf storage for the holidays.
Cambridge academic refuses to help Israeli girl with school project 'until there is peace in Palestine'
Cambridge academic refuses to help 13 year old Israeli girl with school project 'until there is peace in Palestine'
A court in Turkey appointed an expert witness to determine if Gollum is good or evil, after a Facebook user compared President Erdogan to him.
Christmas fairy lights can slow your Wi-Fi
Man 'smashes Mercedes Benz into Rolls Royce outside hotel in the most expensive road rage you'll ever see'
Footballer slaps linesman with penis
Obama in Paris on 'Mass Shooting' at Planned Parenthood: 'This Just Doesn't Happen in Other Countries'
Scottish Climber Fights off 'Monster' Bear
Irish ex-lawyer dressed in lingerie crept into woman's room while on drugs and thought she was a panda
23 year old Saudi Arabian man exposes genitals, spills cocaine onto taxi driver in Aspen, Colorado. "He wanted to go 'extreme' while in Aspen," according to the affidavit.
Trump, who has bragged about his wealth at every GOP debate thus far, demands CNN pay $5M for his appearance at next debate
Elaborate ploy to steal 100 exam papers
Leeds United fans fury after club add mandatory 'pie-tax' to South Stand tickets
Christian author claims Freemasons made him rob movie theater
Mauritanian president accused of ordering penalties in 63rd minute of Super Cup
Beat this! Uttarakhand villagers are using Yo Yo Honey Singh songs to scare wild boars
Police officer rescues wayward miniature donkey named Squishy
Christian author claims Freemasons made him rob Hoover movie theater
The brand name you'll never forget
It's all kicking off: US policeman detains donkey in the back of patrol car
شركة تنظيف خزانات بالخرج - الشهاب كنترول
Studio denies report that Leonardo DiCaprio raped by bear in The Revenant
Police: intoxicated Maine woman crashes stolen beer truck into barn after brief chase
Rob Halford, Freddie Mercury Make Russian Edition Of MAXIM's List Of 'Gays We Respect'
Rob Halford and Freddie Mercury on Maxim Russia's List of Celebrities 'Forgiven' for Being Gay
'I thought woman in bed was a giant panda,' says homeless ex-lawyer dressed in fishnets and G-string who crept into bedroom
Kylie Jenner criticised for posing as sex doll in wheelchair
'A few left jabs to the jaw and it f****d off' - Fife climber survives grizzly bear attack
Mum told to take down CCTV because it 'violates masturbating pervert's privacy'
Could cat videos be a hit in cinemas?
A Turkish Court Is Trying to Figure Out if It's an Insult to Compare the President to Gollum
Singapore Retailer Apologizes for Writing 'Rape Us Now' on Black Friday Site
Turkish court asks 'Gollum experts' to decide if Erdogan insulted
Mauritanian FA deny president stopped Super Cup because of boredom
Bored Mauritania president orders soccer match skip to penalties
Man on Trial for Lord of the Rings Meme
Court grants woman right to die after 'losing her sparkle'
Turkish Court Asks: Is Gollum Good or Bad?
Delhiites don designer masks to escape bad air
Kim Jong-un's Aunt to sue defectors for defamation
Kim Jong-un's Aunt to sue North Korean defectors for defamation
Ben Carson: Refugees Can't Come to the U.S. Because Our Racism Could Turn Them Into Terrorists
Hillary Clinton's logo accidentally puts Rosa Parks in the back of a bus
Turkish court asks 'Gollum experts' if Erdoğan comparison is insult
Los Angeles is considering using number plate readers to send "Dear John" letters to the homes of men who have simply driven down streets known to have a prostitution problem (x-post /r/Technology)
Man fatally struck over the head with a skateboard inside a California Starbucks was a registered sex offender.
Blowing up Death Stars bad for economy, Washington U Prof says
Anonymous attacking youtuber over 'prank'
Avoid foreign-owned convenience stores not operated by 'God-fearing Christians," Alabama lawmaker advises
Crying videos are the new porn
Whistle-Blower Complaint Directed at Whistle-Blower Group
Feminist blogger uses her own vagina yeast to make sourdough bread
Gollum Experts Called In for Case Involving Turkey's Erdogan
Nick Cannon Joins RadioShack As Chief Creative Officer
Rome bans Centurions from tourist sites
Pope Francis says he accepts he may be assassinated - but asks God to make sure it doesn't hurt because he is 'a real wimp'
Ben Carson brings an Onion headline to life: Refugees In U.S. More Likely To Be Radicalized Because People "Resentful" Of Them Being Here
Britain's 'vainest man' who spent £50,000 to look like Joey Essex asks the NHS to reverse his surgery - saying 'now I want my own identity'
China: Missing Woman Found Alive And Playing A Game In An Internet Café For 10 Years
Greenfield police officer under fire for allegedly displaying Confederate flag in garage
Obese have a right to 2 airline seats-Canada court
A Turkish court appointed five 'Lord of the Rings' experts to figure out whether this Gollum meme is offensive.
Cedar Rapids man accused of smuggling drugs in his body again
Sailor who doubled in size on navy diet wins disability benefits
A Turkish court has asked experts to determine whether the "Lord of the Rings" character Gollum is good or evil to decide whether a doctor insulted Turkey's President Tayyip Erdogan
Turkish court to decide if comparing Erdogan to 'Rings' character Gollum a crime
Suspected burglar stuck in chimney dies after homeowner lights fire.
'Rambo' TV Series in the Works at Fox
Oklahoma police give lost donkey Squishy a ride in patrol car
In Erdogan insult case, Turkish court asks: is 'Hobbit' character Gollum evil?
Mom Lets 4-Year-Old Play Outside, Faces Jail
Parents Now Naming Their Babies After Instagram Filters
Oklahoma Officer Drives Miniature Donkey to Safety
Erdogan-Gollum case of the world's agenda
Mark Zuckerberg has had new baby girl named Max
New Hampshire cop feels bad for thief, pays her tab
Indian Newspaper Apologizes for Cartoon Showing Piggy Bank with ISIS logo
Racial activist torments locals in N. Dakota, wants all-white colony.
Tulsa police: Man tries to rob Walgreens at gunpoint, ends up paying for items
Kim Jong-un's aunt sues defectors in South Korea
Body of Cádiz woman missing for five years found lying on her bed
Poldark's meadow-mowing just doesn't cut it, scything community says
And finally... G-string wearing homeless ex-lawyer high on crystal meth and crack cocaine mistakes woman and kids for giant panda
Anti-Obesity Group Backed By Coca-Cola to Shut Down
More than 11,000 Norwegians line up to shoot 16 wolves
G-string clad homeless ex-lawyer high on drugs thought woman was giant panda, court told
Trump Declares How to Defeat ISIS: 'You Have to Take Out Their Families'
Jake Butt wins Tight End of the Year
Leonardo DiCaprio not raped by bear in 'The Revenant,' studio says
Las Vegas man sues his Tinder hookup after contracting genital herpes
Girl dies after suffering extremely 'rare allergic reaction' to technology
The Fact That Fox Studios Had To Deny That Leonardo DiCaprio Was Not Raped By A Bear In The Revenant Is Amazing
Aspen 'extreme' plan ends with felony charge
Studio Denies Reports That Leonardo DiCaprio Is Raped by a Bear in The Revenant
Reno Police Use iPhone App to Find Stolen Phone
When White Girls Deal Drugs, They Walk
Man pleads guilty in Minnesota strangulation, selfie case
Canadian caught smuggling 51 turtles in his pants pleads guilty
Why people think total nonsense is really deep
Jake Butt wins tight end of the year. (X-post r/sports)
Islamic State's New Strategy Is Suicidal - Bloomberg View
Man named 'Dick' attempts to drill a hole into the earth
For refugees in 'promised land,' life in Germany harder than expected
Earth has lost a third of arable land in past 40 years, scientists say
One arrested after stealing shrimp, shooting at police
Kim Davis in the running for TIME's 'Person of the Year' award
Greek sex workers forced to sell sex for the price of a sandwich, new study shows
Portsmouth Student Caught Masturbating in Library
Young white people are losing their faith in the American Dream
Scientists find a link between low intelligence and acceptance of 'pseudo-profound bullshit'
Turkish Court Hires Lord of the Rings Experts to Decide if Gollum Insults the President
A Facebook user called Phuc Dat Bich
Nick Cannon named Radio Shack's Chief Creative Officer
Exxon hires 'Deflategate' lawyer for climate investigation
Batman involved in ISIS oil trade
First bagpipes, now Alvin and the Chipmunks used to move on the homeless.
Send a beautifully wrapped piece of Christmas coal to the a**hole in your life
Breaking: North Korea Threatens To Nuke Turkey
Instagrambabies: Parents are naming their children after Instagram filters
Donald Trump on ISIS: 'You have to take out their families'
Middlesbrough fan wins Blackburn Rovers 'monkey gestures' appeal
Movie studio denies that Leonardo DiCaprio was raped by a bear.
University Islamic Society students 'make death threats' in human rights lecture
Donald J. Trump said that in the battle against the Islamic State, the families of terrorists should be targets, saying they were using their relatives "as shields."
Ex-Cambridge professor boycotts 13-year-old Israeli girl over Palestinian issue
Newborn in Stable Condition After Being Found 'Buried Alive' in Compton; Information Sought
Wal-Mart Worker Fired For Returning Found Money Too Slowly
Police: Seafood thieves dump shrimp during chase
Guy Insults Stripper, Bad Things Happen
Dane reports Facebook to police for drug dealing
FBI Assistant Director on San Bernardino shooting where 20 people were gunned down: "I will tell you right now we do not know if this is a terrorist incident"
RadioShack names Nick Cannon as Chief Creative Officer
Barre Police Log: Washer-dryer taken; man suspects ISIS
Sailor who doubled in size on navy diet wins disability benefits | The Chronicle Herald
Armed 'Darth Vader' tries to rob convenience store
Cop Pays Thief's Tab for Stolen Birthday Cake Ingredients
Report: Woman threw drink on boy with Down syndrome at fast food restaurant
Man Caught with 51 Live Turtles In Pants Pleads Guilty To Smuggling
There have been 334 days and 351 mass shootings so far this year
Wisconsin police investigate sexual assault of pregnant horse
1 penguin dead, 2 missing at German zoo; police investigate
White Student Union at UCSB Releases 'List of Demands'
Studio denies report Leonardo DiCaprio is raped by bear in The Revenant
Iraq Invasion: Part 2
Mum left speechless after bakery fail left completely wrong message on her son's 21st birthday cake
Sucked off dogs for quavers
Random, Helpful Brit Drives Public Enemy To Show In His Ford Focus.
Radio Shack isn't gone, in fact it just hired Nick Cannon as CCO
Deputies: Intoxicated woman crashes stolen beer truck into barn | News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News
Canadian student smuggles 51 turtles in his pants, pleads guilty
Paul Ryan Grows Beard, Is Very Proud of It
McDonalds air drops McMuffins in Melbourne to promote 24 hour breakfast menu
Man screaming at a spider prompts reports of domestic violence
Turkish court hires Gollum witnesses after doctor compares LOTR character to president
Harvard College 'House Masters' to get new titles because of slavery connotation
Butler guards get by with a little help from their girlfriends
Let Akon be your guide to sustainable development
Ex-Pastor Faces Felony for Preaching Jury Nullification
"There have been more shootings than days in 2015 in the US" Since this was removed by r/news
Brainbox psychology student who speaks four languages isn't taken seriously 'because she looks like Barbie'
Prison Officials Spying on Inmates to Find Net Worth, Suing Anyone Worth Over $10K for Stay in Jail
Fox forced to clarify that The Revenant doesn't have a "bear rape" scene
CNN Apologizes For Calling Freddie Gray The "Son Of An Illiterate Heroin Addict"
Jaden Smith writing book on philosophy
Scholars Unveil New Edition of Hitler's 'Mein Kampf'
Man dies trying to gold plate his testicles
Wal-Mart worker fired after 18 years for turning in $350 cash found in Niskayuna store parking lot too slowly
Twitter threats to black Kean students made by black alum, police say
Clueless mom finds son's sex toy, mistakingly turns to Twitter for answers
Woman Threatens to "Sh*t Herself" If Deputies Arrest Her - And She Did
Lawsuit: Birth control mix-up led to "wrongful life"
Happy cows produce more milk
Parents are naming their babies after popular instagram filters
Texas sues feds, aid agency over plans to resettle Syrian refugees in state.
Newspapers with marijuana ads can't be mailed, feds warn
Fox pundit says 'white privilege is racist': I confront my whiteness by 'going to the tanning salon'
Fox responds to reports of bear rape in The Revenant
Nick Cannon is the new Chief Creative Officer of RadioShack
Rooster invades Edmon Low Library
After woman arrested in NC for taping dog's mouth shut - woman defends her, tapes her dog's mouth shut
Jaromir Jagr to fans voting him into All-Star Game: '3-on-3 would kill me'
Nick Cannon is RadioShack's new 'chief creative officer,' for some reason
Syria conflict: Half of German Tornado jets 'not airworthy'
The Daily News Headline suggests entire Production and Editorial staff have difficulties putting on pants past their giant brass balls
5 Elementary School Kids Arrested After Allegedly Trying To BLow Up Clifton High School
About 5,200 FL teachers eligible for new bonus tied to ACT, SAT scores
Jake Butt Wins Tight End of the Year Award
Circumcision ambulance stolen in violent carjacking in east London
Adobe tells developers to use stop using Flash in favor of HTML5
Scientists find a link between low intelligence and acceptance of 'pseudo-profound bulls***'
Toddlers exposed to pot in womb see better, University of Waterloo research finds
'Adorable kingpin' with happy mug shot is DEA official's daughter, report says
10 Times Martin O'Malley Broke Into Song
Turkey: Gollum experts to decide if Erdogan was insulted
Warning issued after squirrel attacks 8 people in Novato
Turkish court calls for experts to establish whether president looks like Gollum?
Doctor could face to years in jail for comparing Turkish president to Gollum
Peter Jackson to Turkish Court: "Smeagol and Gollum are not the same."
Three deaths reported in Wisconsin's 2015 hunting season
Peter Jackson tells Turkish Court: "Smeagol and Gollum are different people."
In Grim Ritual, Barack Obama Again Calls for Stricter Gun Control After Mass Shooting
Obese Sichuan couple hope to get surgery to lose weight so that they can have sex, start a family
Australia Enjoys Another Peaceful Day Under Oppressive Gun Control Regime
A Turkish Man's Fate Depends On Whether Or Not Gollum Is Actually Evil
LA's plan to scan license plates and send Dear prostitute-seeking John letters
LA City Council Considers Sending 'Dear John' Letters To Homes Of Men Who Solicit Prostitutes
Peter Jackson offers defense for Erdoğan insulter: 'That's not Gollum, that's Sméagol'
5 children detained in plot to "attack" N.J. school, police say
Peter Jackson Tells Turkish Court Pictures Are Smeagol, Not Gollum
Cities of Tomorrow: Refugee Camps Require Longer-Term Thinking
Peking Duk fan infiltrates backstage by fooling security guard with Wikipedia edit
Peter Jackson weighs in on Turkish man accused of comparing president to Gollum | EW.com
This 'legend' changed a Wikipedia page to sneak backstage at gig
Pope Francis Becomes Internet Rap Sensation
Utah Woman Charged After Taking Daughter Egging Around Town
Gay Mexican college tennis player finds acceptance, and love, in rural Idaho
State Officials Unsure What Caused Town's 'Cat Urine' Smell
Lessons Learned from Observing 90 Untrained Participants Abusing a Flying Robot
Could we ever live in a truly genderless society?
Rebel Paleolithic artist breaks the rules, draws a campsite 13,800 years ago
5 N.J. Fifth Graders Busted In Bomb Plot At High School
Stan Collymore 'has left Labour to join SNP'
Stolen circumcision ambulance found after tip-off
August trial for woman who gave pigs water; 10 years in prison possible
Entire police force quits all at once in South Carolina town
Crazed squirrel invades kindergarten classroom; bites teacher, student
Sudoku-Loving Detective Cracks Red Herring Code Left by Fire Ninja
Haydock high school holds funeral for its resident lab skeleton 'Arthur' after discovering his bones were real
Staff forced into testing fake Viagra quit after 'working too hard' in Chinese massage parlours
A dating site for Disney fans? It's a whole new world ...
Tape leaks of PM warning ministers not to leak
DEA: Woman arrested for drugs is daughter of DEA agent
Roger Goodell: NFL officials are doing an 'extraordinary job'
False Positive Mammograms Linked to Increased Risk of Breast Cancer
Star Wars Ice Cream is Now an Official Thing.
GOP Candidate Who Wants to Execute Illegal Immigrants
Was Gollum a Good Guy? A Turkish Judge Asks.
Comcast writes blog post advising how to avoid loosing customers trust
Former Connecticut Cop Accused of Writing Racist Letter to Himself
Judge allows nervous 72-year-old defendant to take cat with him to Chelmsford Crown Court
Couple Suspected of San Bernardino Shooting Had Baby Registry
Film-maker Peter Jackson says images, which led to trial of Bilgin Çiftçi, depict only benign character Sméagol and not Gollum
Woman who drinks 20 cans of Air Freshener every week is warned her habit could kill her
Fox Analyst Asks If San Bernardino Shooting Is "A Literal War On Christmas"
AT&T swears it was about to offer you a bunch of amazing deals, but then net neutrality happened
Trump: Mideast peace 'something I'd really like to do'
Good Grief! Obama thinks Christmas is about loving tiny trees
FBI takes over San Bernardino investigation as Obama says it is 'possible' it was terrorism
Ben Carson says refugees can't come to America because its racism will make them terrorists
Man charged with making bomb threat to avoid court date
Fifth-grade students detained for plotting to attack NJ high school, police say
Kane appoints special prosecutor to unravel PornGate
Model attacked by her boyfriend after discovering his violent past online
Mountaineering;Best site I kike it
Man changes his mind during a Virginia robbery, says he was "Just Kidding"
BDS Announces Boycott of the Palestinian Authority, Citing "Close Economic Ties With Israel"
Entire Police Force Quits All at Once
George W. Bush speaks at unveiling of marble bust of Dick Cheney
Trump tells Jewish group that, like 'you folks,' he's a negotiator
Fan gets backstage after editing band's Wikipedia page to list himself as family
Grandmother charged after 8-year-old takes meth pipe to school
University to offer full course of 'fat studies', assigned reading labels dieting as 'special enemy'
#SanBernadino trends on Twitter following deadly mass shooting despite misspelling
Someone Stole A Circumcision Ambulance, Also Turns Out Circumcision Ambulances Exist
Statue of Liberty inspired by Arab woman, researchers say
Santa Claus To Avoid Turkish Airspace This Year
Shamed Spanish politician poses nude for magazine to try to restore her reputation
Russia Is Planning To Build A Permanent Manned Base On The Moon
Shoppers shocked to see birds eating packaged meat at Walmart
National DUI expert charged with DUI in Sarasota
Ben Carson failed to impress the Republican Jewish Coalition when he mispronounced the name of the extremist group Hamas, saying something that sounded more like hummus.
Woman adds vaginal yeast to sourdough starter, Internet flips out
Oklahoma officer drives miniature donkey nicknamed 'Squishy' to safety
23-Year-Old Arrested In Aspen For Spilling Cocaine And Whipping His Dick Out Because He Wanted To Go 'Extreme'
Illiterates! Soldiers posed to take photos with Nigerian escapee lion after killing it (Photo)
Woman pleads guilty to twerking on man in DC gas station
5 NJ Fifth-Graders Arrested in Alleged Bomb Plot: Police
New Bust in Capitol Building Honors Dick Cheney for Ending Terrorism
Trump To Jewish Republicans: 'I'm A Negotiator Like You Folks'
'Cannibal cop' Gilberto Valle found not guilty of conspiring to kill, eat women
Coal baron convicted of misdemeanor after mine disaster that killed 29
Fan gatecrashes backstage after tricking security with edit of band's Wikipedia page
Double yellows are painted around parked cars.
Ben Carson Calls Hamas 'Hummus' During Speech: Republican Confuses Islamist Palestinian Movement With Food
Swedes get animal ban for breastfeeding cat
Adorable' drug kingpin is DEA agent's daughter
Norman man reunited with ass
Store your loved one's ashes in a 3D-printed urn in the shape of their head (Wired UK)
Five New Jersey fifth-graders arrested over plot 'to bomb another school's assembly'
Donald Trump Booed by Pro-Israel Group After Telling Them He Can't Be Bought
Most Expensive Billionaire Homes
A Sikh Woman Says She Had to Show an Airline Employee Her Breast Pump to Prove She Wasn't a Terrorist
Man shoots bartender then kills dog over a drink he was served.
Ben Carson Thinks There's a Star of David on the Dollar Bill. There's Not.
Donald Trump on terrorists: 'Take out their families'
Fox Pundit Tans To Relate To Minorities
Carson stumbles on Hamas, says something more like hummus
Trump Speech To Republican Jewish Forum Just A Series Of Offensive Stereotypes About Jews
Home invasion victim tied up, frees self, goes to work instead of calling cops
George Zimmerman suspended from Twitter after posting alleged ex's nudes
ALLEGED FAKE POLICE OFFICER DISCOVERED AT DOUGHNUT SHOP, DICKINSON POLICE SAY.
Milky Way's Giant Black Hole Probed Like Never Before
Man Chokes 17-Year-Old on New York City Street, Bites her Pelvis
Entire police force in S.C. town resigns at the same time
Man may never eat again after finding bug in salad
George Zimmerman's Twitter account suspended after he posts naked pics of woman he claims cheated on him with 'dirty Muslim'
Fathers Can Pass Down Traits Through Sperm
Pakistan rejects 30 deportees from Greece, sends back plane
Kirtland: Heavy duty bubble wrap prompted lockdown
Jaden Smith 'sees himself as a modern-day prophet' and is writing philosophy book
South Auckland man finds live caterpillar in supermarket salad bag
Dykes linked to Virginia, South Carolina; less likely to return to Cal
10 Major Differences Between Rich and Poor People
Well Of Course The Rich List Own More Than All Cat Owners
Your Facebook Friends Who Post Inspirational Quotes Really Are Dumb, Science Says
College football player Jake Butt named tight end of the year
'GunTV' to sell firearms to US viewers
Ben Carson confuses terrorist group Hamas with Middle Eastern food in speech to Republican Jews
Jaden Smith "Sees Himself as a Modern-Day Prophet," Writing Philosophy Book
Another classic Ben Carson blunder
New Hampshire Voter Asks Hillary Whether Bill Clinton's Alleged Victims Should Be Believed
Homeless Couple Found Living In Walmart Attic With Hot Plate, Meth Lab, And 42" LED TV
Ben Carson, Mispronouncing 'Hamas,' Fails to Impress Republican Jewish Group
Intoxicated woman crashes stolen beer truck into barn
Donald Trump signs a womans chest in Virginia
Indianapolis School Suspends 12-Year-Old Girl Because Her Jeans Were "Too Tight"
The CEO that raised Daraprim prices %5000 overnight says he should have raised the prices higher.
Turing's Martin Shkreli regrets 5,000% price hike-says it wasn't high enough
Can F-rated films help overcome sexism in Hollywood?
Suicidal Woman Survives Seven Story Drop after landing on and killing an 81-year-old man
Coldplay to Headline Super Bowl Halftime Show
Coldplay to Play 2016 Super Bowl Halftime Show
Free tokens for SKP-900
Florida boxer tires of losing to same opponent, shoots and kills him.
Source of downtown cat pee smell remains a lingering mystery
Peter Jackson to Turkish Court: Pictures Are Smeagol, Not Gollum
Wrestler Uses Only His Penis for Astonishing Finishing Move
Gun TV: home shopping channel aims to sell weapons to viewers | US news | The Guardian
Peter Jackson Enters Turkish Debate Over Gollum
Blitz Brigade Hack and Cheats
Television Shopping Network for Guns to Launch Next Year
#SanBernadino has been shared over 333,000 times even though it's misspelled - LA Times
Basic job training in America
Car turns driver in for hit-and-run
Researchers: Let Your Kids Fall Off the Damn Monkey Bars
Dick Cheney's Bust Unveiled At The Capitol, As He's Lightly Roasted
Your Fathers Sperm Might Be Making You Fat
Sepp Blatter leaves poor TripAdvisor review after more Fifa members arrested
There's a mathematical model to predict how funny a word is
Taxi drivers stage hunger strike to force action on Uber
Your Fathers Sperm Maybe Making You Fat
Pantone Goes Rogue and Chooses Two Colors of the Year
Pop Goes the Pontiff: Pope Francis Rocks out on New Album
More Parents Are Naming Their Kids After Instagram Filters
NYPD officer accused of exposing himself while drunk near Bronx school
Malaysian diplomat Muhammad Rizalman defecated outside woman's house as part of 'black magic'
Yes, I Took Bank Money. And It Made Me a Better Regulator.
Saudi man who wanted to go 'extreme' in Aspen exposes genitals and spills cocaine on cab driver
Senate GOP votes down law blocking gun sales to terror watchlist individuals
Chris Brown tour cancellation: when will we stop punishing him for his assault on Rihanna?
Scott Weiland found dead
Controversial experiment sees no evidence that the universe is a hologram
Woman punches elderly husband over bowl of cereal.
Scott Weiland, Former Singer of Stone Temple Pilots, Dead at 48
Lockdown of Kirtland AFB caused by popping of bubble wrap
UCHealth nurse fired for viewing 800 patient records
I don't know what's worse; the fact that 0-60mph in 6secs is a requirement for an emergency circumcision, or that the NHS decided it was justified in paying private!
Chipmunks music played to deter homeless sleepers 'cruel'
Sex charge diplomat Muhammad Rizalman: I believe in black magic but I've never defecated outside woman's house
Terrorist Watch List No Bar to Buying Guns
University students in Hunan made to pick majors out of a hat
Rondo Returns from Dead for Part of a Game
Hunt after boy approached in street by man driving car with trailer
Now You Can Buy A Bulletproof Blanket Specifically Made For Kids To Use During School Shootings
Clifton School District notifies families of plot by fifth graders to cause damage to high school
Police say hoagie hurler hauled in on assault charge
"Fox & Friends": Prayer is more effective than gun control, and if you disagree with that "you're lining up with terrorists"
London crowned capital city of grim selfies
British astronaut to run London Marathon in space
Every 16-year-old in Sweden to receive copy of We Should All Be Feminists
From January 1, even and odd numbered vehicles to be allowed on alternate days in Delhi
Anti-Islamic Group Clashes With KKK Over Gays And Guns
Mafia: Virgin Mary dances to The Godfather theme in sickening tribute to jailed Cosa Nostra boss
Donkey picked up by police is reunited with Oklahoma owner
Kobe Bryant's farewell tour entails Atlanta zoo naming a black mamba after him
Pakistan sends deported migrants back to Greece
Sensational claim that Cristiano Ronaldo is in a gay relationship with kickboxer friend emerges after French TV panellist suggests their 'cuddling' could affect the star on the pitch
Grievances With Fired Broker Were Written by JPMorgan, Not His Clients
Florida Woman's Car Turned Her in for a Hit-and-Run
violence, doctor offers penile enlargements for assault rifles
Suicide Bomb Instructor Accidentally Kills His Own Students
Odd And Even Number Vehicles to be Allowed in Delhi on Alternate Days
new social media launch for today
Ulster County DA urges caution after sheriff calls on residents to carry weapons if licensed
Argentina FA election ends in farce as vote produces 38-38 tie from only 75 members
Landing a sweeper's job in Mumbai is not easy, aspirants tackle demands for sexual favours, money
Workers testing fake Viagra say it's too tiring
Priest stoned to death by MONKEYS which have already killed two other men
Priest dies after monkeys drop bricks on his head
Norway newspaper publishes Father Christmas 'obituary'
Bart Scott admits he hid in bathroom to avoid being signed by Browns
Ben Carson pronounces 'Hamas' like 'hummus' at event hosted by Republican Jewish group
Elijah Wood wades into Turkish court investigation into whether comparing President Erdoğan to Gollum is offensive
College course teaches delicate plus-size students that diet books are their "enemies"
Lord of the Rings 'experts' to assess character of Gollum for Turkish judge
ITV apologises for using footage of Ainsley Harriott instead of Lenny Henry
Britain bound trucker hangs raw pork off the outside of his lorry in an attempt to keep desperate Muslim migrants from stowing in the back
Almost no one is happy for the man who paid off his mortgage in 3 years
A Black Student Threatened to Execute 16 White Students on Campus. Now They're Letting Him Back on Campus
Lawmaker sends Christmas card telling colleagues to repent for removing rebel flag
Vicious squirrel attacks 8 people in California
Yacht Named 'Gotcha' Stuck on Breakwall
Popping bubble wrap triggers lockdown at US Air Force base
scientists say atheists might not exist
Butterfly effects chaos during Roberston v Higgins match
Rio 2016 organizers change minds, will provide free air conditioning [for athletes instead of charging them for it.]
Donald Trump is in 4th place (18%) among Republican voters who hold college degrees, however Trump holds a runaway lead: 46% among those who don't.
Canadian pleads guilty after being caught smuggling 51 turtles in his pants
Lawmakers suggest newborn boys in blacked-out Crimea be named Generator
Homeless couple lived in a Wal-Mart Attic for 2 years before being discovered by making too much noise while having sex.
At Jewish forum, Ben Carson pronounces 'Hamas' like 'hummus'
Iran makes world's biggest ostrich sandwich - but evidence is eaten
New US ISIS Czar was Bumped From Obama Election Team as too Pro-Terrorist
Canadian Jackpot Winner Dies After Attempting To Gold Plate His Balls - See more at: http://www.washingtonstarnews.com/canadian-jackpot-winner-dies-after-attempting-to-gold-plate-his-balls/#sthash.U3bfqKwN.dpuf
Lottery Winner Dies After Gold Plating His Testicles
Google is now after your blood: Patent reveals the firm is planning a 'needle-free' way to collect samples using smartwatches
ITV use footage of Ainsley Harriot on piece on Lenny Henry's knighthood
Strong job growth is really a sign of weakness
Study points to long-term benefits of exercise
Pro Wrestler Joey Ryan Uses Amazing Penis Strength to Overpower Opponent
ITV shows video of Ainsley Harriott during report on Sir Lenny Henry being knighted
A Man, A Plan... To Run A Marathon In Space
Wrestler Joey Ryan finishes off opponent using his penis
Mark Brunell Fondly Recalls The Time Brett Favre Tortured A Deer To Death
'The Wiz Live!' Slammed as Racist on Social Media for All-Black Cast
New escalator coming to the steps of the Philadelphia museum of art
The U.S. is running out of bombs to drop on ISIS
Mary-Kate Olsen and Olivier Sarkozy's Wedding Featured "Bowls Filled with Cigarettes"
Police seek woman caught shoplifting at Target, fled scene, and left daughter behind
Mom Ordered to Show Breast Pump to Prove She Isn't a Terrorist
JPMorgan Wrote Complaints After Firing a Whistle-Blower
Pepperidge Farm sues Trader Joe's over Milano cookie
Republican sends Confederate Christmas card to colleagues
Pope Francis releases prog-rock album
8 people report attacks by a squirrel in Novato neighborhood
ITV News apologises for using footage of Ainsley Harriott instead of Lenny Henry
Underage girls are in demand by IS fighters
National DUI expert charged with DUI
Sir Elton John Loves Young Thug, Compares Him to John Lennon
Bartender shot after making 'non-kosher' drink - Diaspora
Bartender shot after making non-kosher drink
Prosecutor: Students' 'Bomb' Was Salad Dressing, Cinnamon
Canadian smuggler with turtles in pants pleads guilty in US
Journalists storm San Bernardino shooters' apartment after landlord pries open door
The slow crawl to designer babies
Is Gollum Good or Evil? Jail Term in Turkey Hinges on Answer
Michigan students ascend 5-story Singing Christmas Tree
Office staff terrified as dyslexic coworker organizes secret satan
Bud Weisser arrested for trespassing at Budweiser Brewery
'Suicidal' woman survives 7 storey drop after landing on and killing 81-year-old man
Police hunt missing Ozzy Osbourne lookalike
Weekend traffic tie-ups ahead from bridge construction, Figgy Pudding event
Now you can buy a bulletproof blanket specifically made for your kids to use during school shootings
Cop Drives Over 140mph after prisoner asks how fast his car goes
Former Connecticut police officer who reported racist letter charged with planting it himself
Rotherham United player headbutted woman while out celebrating not guilty verdict in rape case
Driver Arrested After Trying to Snort Cocaine During Traffic Stop
Law Enforcement Analyst Dumbfounded as Media Rummages Through House of Suspected Terrorists
US considers rebranding its anti-ISIS propaganda
Police: Don't snort cocaine during a traffic stop
Mistaken for gunshots, Heavy Duty Bubble Wrap popping prompts Military Base lockdown
From MMMBop to MMMHops: Hanson Brothers Brew Own Beer
Bud Weisser accused of trespassing
Dr. Dre Inspires Amazing Hanukkah Gift: The Dr. Dreidel
Muslim leader from CAIR tells CNN America bears some blame for terror attacks
U.S. Media Mocked Abroad for Reporting False Name of California Shooting Suspect
San Bernardino: CNN Asks Widow If Her Christian Husband Provoked Terror Attack
Nara's Great Buddha has a bad hair day
Pork impaled on lorry to deter Muslim migrants
A Cruella de Vil look-alike is found guilty...for stealing a puppy
GM to Import Buick Midsize SUV From China
A driver hung pork from his lorry to deter Muslim migrants in Calais
Nevada lawmaker's Christmas card features her family fully armed
Austrian Villagers to Refugees: Please Don't Fear Krampus
Canadian Lottery Winner Dies After Gold Plating His Balls.
'Take portion sizes back to the 1950s to beat obesity,' say scientists who warn servings have ballooned
'Lazy parents shovelling sugar down kids' throats' blamed for rising support for a 'sugar tax'
'Spooky Action' Heats Up: Atoms Entangled at Room Temperature
Florida woman's mystery illness traced to moldy breast implants
Art Basel Miami Beach patrons mistake actual stabbing/crime scene for performance art
Russia Is a "Troll State," Not a Rogue State
Maryland Police Officer put gun in guy's mouth 'to show off to his friends'
Teen Bud Weisser Arrested for Trespassing at Budweiser Brewery
Wisconsin town deems concept of Santa potentially offensive, removes him from Santa Claus parade
Bernier starts for Marlies, zamboni driver signed as backup
UCSB White Student Union Releases 'List of Demands'
Bud Weisser, 19, accused of trespassing at Budweiser brewery
A study has found people who post inspirational quotes on facebook are less intelligent than people who don't
Geraldo Rivera Calls Out NRA After California Shooting, Says They Are 'Full of S***'
Toronto signs Zamboni driver Dave Ayres on an amateur contract to backup Jonathan Bernier for the Toronto Marlies tonight
Landlord Lets Reporters Into San Bernardino Suspects' Home
Master Builder job open at LEGOLAND discovery center Michigan
$600 to live in a FedEx truck? S.F. rentals get (more) ridiculous
75 Voters In Argentine Soccer Federation Election Somehow Produce 76 Votes
White House: Obama Thinks Gun Control Will Deter Terrorists
Dean Blandino, NFL vice president of officiating, defends quality of calls this season
Bono Tells CNN: ISIS Is a 'Death Cult. We're a Life Cult'
Teen named Bud Weisser arrested at Budweiser Brewery
Hot tip from psychic lands two trouser thieves behind bars
Analyst: Expect Your Cable Broadband Bill to Rise
WMSN FOX 47 :: Newsroom - Top Stories - Police: Tip from psychic nets arrest of 2 wanted thieves
Meet Ted Nugent's Brother, Jeff, Who Says Ted Needs to 'Tone It Down'
Philippines: US Marine drowned prostitute in toilet after finding 'man not a woman giving him oral sex'
Pornhub wants you to give your family porn this holiday
Scientists find link between people impressed by wise-sounding, 'profound' quotes and low intelligence
Men's Locker Room Designers Take Pity on Naked Millennials
You can only drive your car every other day in Delhi from 2016 onwards.
California candidate's gun giveaway fundraiser will go on
Donald Trump on San Bernardino response: 'I would be so tough'
Muslim, argues Islam is a religion of peace in argument with coworker, kills 14 coworkers
Celebrate The Blessing Of Earmuffs With Sexy, Sexy Earmuff Porn
Senate Republicans Vote To Allow Terrorists To Legally Buy Guns In The US
Walmart Employee finds $350 in parking lot, turns it into manager, and is fired.
Maple Leafs' AHL team signs Zamboni driver to serve as backup goalie
Wife accidently shoots herself in the head 36 times with husband's home-made hunting gun
Delhi govt's formula to check pollution level: Odd, even number vehicles on alternate days from Jan 01
SPD: 73-year-old man snorts cocaine in front of officer during traffic stop
Dad left baby in frigid car for 2 hours while he gambled at Mystic Lake Casino
House candidate ends NRA membership after Calif. shooting
People Magazine See realtime coverage Woman Stabbed at Art Basel, Patrons 'Thought It Was Performance Art'
Airforce base lockdown triggered by popping bubble wrap
Woman Stabbed at Art Basel, Patrons 'Thought It Was Performance Art'
Sending a letter to Mars would need a £11,602.25 stamp
Argentine FA presidential election ends in farce as extra vote cast
Thom Yorke Compares Google and YouTube to Nazi Germany In New Interview
Vancouver adds climate change warnings to all fuel pumps
Welcome to Portland, Where Even Santa Claus Has a Man Bun
Homeless ex-lawyer who sneaked into woman's bedroom dressed in fishnets and G-string mistook her for giant panda
Thank you U.S. Senate
New safety crossing to help the blind leads straight into glass window
Wichita Police Shoot Suicidal Man in Penis, Twice
Fermilab Experiment Finds No Evidence That We Live in a Hologram
Mystery of Hung Cock in East Pattaya,Thailand
Republicans vote against amendment that allows terror suspects to buy guns
Half and half Santa aims to keep Manchester United and City fans happy over festive season
Art Basel visitor randomly follows woman around show, then stabs her in the NECK - and witnesses who think it's art do nothing
Patrons thought stabbing was part of Art Basel show
Boy of 12 hauled out of class by police over David Cameron Facebook protest
Santa Isn't Dead! Newspaper Says Sorry For Fake Obituary
Couple recounts horrifying squirrel attack
'Santa is not dead' - Norwegian newspaper apologises for Father Christmas
GOP Lawmaker's Christmas Card Shows Family Holding Guns
9 musicians stranded after limo catches fire on I-15
Blogger Jordan Younger reveals how extreme 'clean eating' almost killed her
Nevada lawmaker posts Christmas card showing family armed with guns
Jordan Younger: My quest for the perfect diet almost ruined my life
Woman charged over Miami stabbing that was mistaken for performance art
Witnesses thought Miami Beach art show stabbing was performance art
Belfast, Northern Ireland rejecting Daesh in their protests against immigrants
Masai Ujiri says key to beating Warriors is to "pray to God"
Assemblywoman Michele Fiore, family totes guns in Christmas photo
Florida Senate considers computer coding as a foreign language for high school students
Turkish court to rule if Gollum was a hero or villain in president insult case
Scientist Confirms That People Who Leave Festival Bracelets On Are Gross
Witness Thought Art Basel Miami Beach Stabbing Was An Act
CONSERVATIVE MEDIA · DONALD TRUMP · ISIS · TERRORISM Trump on ISIS: I would Murder Their Wives and Children
Missouri Bill Would Make Gun Purchasers Jump Through The Same Hoops As Women Seeking Abortions
Donald Trump is calling for the United States to kill not only terrorists - but their families.
Missouri Firearms Bill Would Make Guns As Difficult to Access As Abortions
Trump on Beating ISIS: 'You Have to Take Out Their Families' share this Trump on Beating ISIS: 'You Have to Take Out Their Families
Dog reportedly shoots pizza delivery man
Dog reportedly shoots Toledo pizza delivery man
Kanye West Surprise-Releases New Baby, Still No SWISH
Brutal new ISIS video puts child soldiers through Hunger Games-type training
Man arrested for trying to snort cocaine during traffic stop
✉⎕ 27 Defense Contractors Cite "Benefits" of Escalating Conflicts in the Middle East
Walmart worker of 18 years claims he was fired after turning in $350 he found
Migrant repellent? Pork pinned to truck by German driver... to deter stowaways
Colorfully Dyed Armpit Hair Is Taking The World By Storm
Woman Stabbed at Art Basel, Witnesses Think It's "Performance Art"
Albany-area Walmart worker fired after 18 years for turning in $350 found in lot
Guy Named Bud Weisser Arrested for Trespassing at Budweiser Brewery
GunTV, America's First 24-Hour Firearm Shopping Channel, Set for 2016
GunTV, a 24-hour sales channel, launching in the desert
Witnesses thought woman stabbed at Art Basel was performance art
Seattle man arrested for trying to snort cocaine during traffic stop
Police: Tip from psychic nets arrest of 2 wanted thieves
Woman stabbed at Florida art exhibition as bystanders stood by thinking it was performance art
Watch: The Kremlin's fantasy of an Edward Snowden presidency
Woman Gets Stabbed at Art Show,Witnesses Think It's Art
17 Year Old Girl Struck by Lightning While Masturbating
State of Kansas looks for new slogan
Fedora working out extension with UNC
Obama Declared ISIS Can't Attack America As ISIS Attacks America
Vinnie's Pizzeria in Brooklyn Is Now Offering a Pizza Slice Topped With Tiny Pizza Slices
Obama Declares ISIS Can't Attack America As ISIS Attacks America
Callers looking for drugs dial wrong number, get police by mistake
The band Hanson has started a brewery called Mmmhops
Woman Stabbed at Upscale Celeb Art Exhibit as Onlookers Think It's Performance Art
Bandit loses bicycle in robbery
Woman stabbed at Miami exhibition mistaken for performance art
Man, 73, snorted coke in front of cops during traffic stop - NY Daily News
24-hour all-gun home shopping network launching in January
Lonesome George 'lookalike' captured for tortoise breeding effort
Mild Max: Perth Police Put a Stop to Motorized Picnic Tables
EAT A DICK MODS!!!! Its an internet board not Jerusalem. Chill out.
Wal-Mart Sues Puerto Rico Over 'Astonishing' Tax Increases
Liberty University President Urges Students to Arm Selves
Conservative blogger shoots holes through New York Times editorial
Björk's New Video Was Shot Inside Björk's Mouth
This New Bjork Video Was Shot Inside Of Her Actual Mouth
Ballapeno, Henry the Puffy Taco stop by 'I love tacos so much' wall for fun, photos
Stunned Michigan fan stunned again in Detroit
Homeless couple found living in Walmart attic
Stabbing at Miami Art Show Mistaken by Some as Performance Art
Elderly Obama and Kerry Gripe About President Snowden in Bizarre Commercial
Woman stabbed at Art Basel, witnesses thought it was art
Middle class migrants paying £10,000 to be smuggled into Britain by speedboat
Jaden Smith is reportedly writing a philosophy book
Texas City Rejects Homophobic Residents' Petition To Rename 'Gay Drive'
Pharr residents want to rename 'Gay' street |
Arkansas Refuses To List Same-Sex Parents On Birth Certificates Despite Judge's Ruling
Woman stabbed in art gallery, tourists think it's art.
Ted Crus Says All Christian Terrorist Attacks Happened Centuries Ago, Forgets About The One That Happened Last Week
Bro named Bud Weisser breaks into Budweiser Brewery
Turkish court to rule on whether being compared to Gollum from Lord Of The Rings is offensive after prankster is charged with insulting the president
Destroying the Death Star was a huge mistake
New software watches for license plates, turning you into Little Brother
Wives buy sex dolls for husbands in China to satisfy their desires in old age
"He was really vicious:" Elderly husband & wife rushed to the hospital after squirrel attack
Disney dating site MouseMingle a Magic Kingdom for singles
Lebron James Jr. Refuses to Wear his Father's Number so that No One Will Know Who He Is
US Air Force running out of bombs to fight ISIS
Stasi: San Bernardino killers were radical, ISIS-loving monsters - but one of their victims was just as bigoted
Brother and sister swap genders, live 'life the way they should be'
Rambling viral Miss Teen USA contestant driven to the brink of suicide by global scorn
The Forever Pose: Husband Shoots Awkward Videos Of Wife Instead Of Taking Pictures
College Student Accused of Stealing Ambulance, Taking Dunken Joyride
Liberty University president urges students to carry concealed weapons on campus saying ""we could end those Muslims before they walked in."
Hamas to Ben Carson: Stop Calling Us 'Hummus'!
Iowa fans drink Indy bar out of beer
Google Street View blurs faces of statues who want their privacy
Bono reveals he has written a song about Paris terror attacks
Parody yule log video features a loud married couple fighting.
Stabbing mistaken for performance art at Art Basel Miami Beach
Hong Kong is running out of space to bury the dead
Don't Please Stop Reposting!
Liberty President Calls for an Armed Christian Campus
Who writes these things?
Man named Bud Weisser breaks into Budweiser plant
California student scores perfect 2,400 on SAT
I Love Pizza, Which Is Adorable Because I'm Hot
5-year old left stuck up a tree by bizarre health and safety policy
Dan Patrick reimagines NY Daily News shooting cover, but for some Twitter users, something's off
Twitter Can't Trademark 'Tweet'.
Car crash survival rates increase with being younger, male and driving a big vehicle
US Attorney General declares "Wonderful" opportunity to make change in regards to gun-control after San Bernardino terrorist attack.
People watched a woman get stabbed at an art fair because they thought it was performance art
New Zealand man finds live Caterpillar in Supermarket Salad Bag: Man says "I cannot describe how I feel, and I don't know how I'm going to eat food again."
President Of Liberty University Urges Students To Get Gun Permits
New US law sets out mining rights in space
Guy calls on crows to help him with a protest
Man trying to catch flight allegedly makes Philly airport bomb threat
Man caught having sex with a camper van towbar gets let off
1 suspect chased out of shoe, another man found hiding in bush during break-in bust
Woman Finds Odd, Gooey White Substance On McDonalds Sandwich
Man Caught Trying To Have Sex With Campervan
Squirrels: America's tiny menace
Cornish Man Caught Performing Sex Act with Campervan Towbar
ITV apologise after using footage of Ainsley Harriot while talking about Sir Lenny Henry
San Bernardino killers were radical, ISIS-loving monsters - but one of their victims was just as bigoted
Bono reveals he's written a song in memory of the Paris attacks
Florida 'DUI expert' charged with DUI
Washington Post stylebook adopts the singular 'they.'
Man protests New York Times gun control article by shooting it several times
Right-wing blogger posts photo of bullet-ridden New York Times page one
Police ticket driver for texting while in fast food drive-thru lane
Lawsuit against 'the Met' claims Jesus is too white in artwork; bronze-skinned man feels unaccepted
Woman Stabbed at Art Basel Miami in a Bizarre Fight Mistaken for Performance Art
Man named Bud Weisser arrested 'for trespassing at Budweiser Brewery'
S. Carolina lawmaker sends Confederate Christmas cards to colleagues
Environment minister moves to protect Quebec frogs threatened by development
Liberty University president urges: 'End those Muslims' via concealed gun carry
Man literally goes down in flames after Ashley Madison hack
New Jersey priest allegedly pointed a gun at an 8-year-old because he's a Cowboys fan
Thief taunts police with 'Where's Wally?' costume, on Facebook. Eventually found.
Detained burglar forced to call 911 on self.
Man Hugged Little Girl at Soccer Practice, Then Killed Her
Bud Weisser busted for trespassing at Budweiser
Nevada politician wishes you a Merry Christmas -- with guns
Person of the Year: Caitlyn Jenner or Kim Kardashian?
The United States Postal Service will now email you your mail
A giant lizard gave an Australian man the shock of his life
Penis Transplants Being Planned to Heal Troops' Hidden Wounds
Schoolgirl found hanged after 'allergic reaction to school's WiFi'
5 Year Model Proves That Age Is Nothing But a Number. Here Are Photos That Make Her The #1 Model!
Saudi Wahhabi Cleric proves how Sun revolves around Earth and how the moon landing was a western conspiracy
Predatory Islamic State Wrings Money From Those It Rules
Sheriff: 'Nerf Wars' may be factor in fatal Minnesota crash
Liberty University president urges students to be armed
Google Enrages White Supremacists With Its Veterans Day Doodle
Woman arrested after her own car snitched on her
Chinese man wins bet after swallowing nail and saw blade, but spends winnings on surgery
Stabbing mistaken for performance art at museum
A London-based jewellery designer has created a collection of jewellery inspired by menstrual blood.
Iraqi Airways launches a new service to Washington, DC, but is anybody likely to use it?
West Point Bans Pillow Fights after at least 30 Injured
Face tattoos lead to capture of man who robbed pastor after 10-year stint in Texas prison
Police respond to car crash, find pony in front seat
Pony freed from front seat following Minnesota car crash
Man Named Bud Weisser arrested at Bud Weiser Brewery
Utah man punches pregnant woman in face, steals her pizza.
Florida woman's hit-and-run escape foiled after her own car calls police on her
Taxi's mistimed drive halts cricket match
Math teacher accused of stealing shoes, returning them with bodily fluids
Penis Transplants Being Planned to Help Wounded Troops
University Head Urges Students To Carry Guns
CAR AUTO-DAILS 911 TO REPORT ACCIDENT AFTER DRIVER ALLEGEDLY COMMITS HIT-AND-RUN
Experts warn gluten found in meth could be hazardous to your health
Ivy League Schools Drop 'Master' Title for Faculty Advisers
Ivy League schools ditch 'master' title for faculty advisers
Springfield sex offender Long Dinh Duong, facing 6 new charges, held on $100,000 bail
Child with rare illness gets Batmobile casket for Christmas
Purr-fect Reunion: Fred the cat comes home after five years
Woman "Looking for New Jersey" Charged with DWI in NJ: Police
Woman stabbed at Art Basel, Onlookers thought it was performance art.
John Lennon's killer Mark Chapman told cops: 'Sorry for inconveniencing you' when they arrived at the scene
Atheist Democrat Quits Town Council Over Christmas Tree
Lakers' Metta World Peace wants to be a head coach one day
Police: Seattle man tried to snort coke during traffic stop
Dubai businesses hoping to shamelessly capitalise on U.S. same-sex marriage ruling without mentioning the whole 'gay' thing
'Are you kidding?' Seattle police say man tried snorting cocaine during traffic stop
Why kids' birthday party invitations can be a discrimination issue
72 DHS Employees on Terrorist Watch List
Congressman Lynch: 72 Department of Homeland Security Employees On Terrorist Watchlist
Catholic University Declares First Amendment Right to Be Not Catholic
World Spirals Deeper Into Chaos as LeBron James Gets His Own Typeface
Monkey Kills A Priest In India With Bricks As Displaced Animals Lash Out
French Muslim declares jihad on Islamic State
Hillary Clinton Urges Silicon Valley to 'Disrupt' ISIS
Hoverboards are blowing up : US and UK officials
Scientists have figured out what makes Dr. Seuss so silly
The Calm, Gentle Rise of Snugglers for Hire
Russians admire chocolate Putin statue
The Not So Incredible Hulk
Americans stock up on weapons after California shooting
School dinner lady sacked for racism after 'liking' Facebook post of a dog in a 'burka'
Kanye West gives rambling, 20-minute speech at shoe event (from @AP)
Kanye West gives rambling, 20-minute speech at shoe event
Woman stabs woman in the neck at Art Basel; some initially thought it was performance art
GunTv. Americas First 24 Hour Gun Shopping TV Show, Set For 2016
Investigators say man smoking while on oxygen led to fatal fire
Marin collegian accused of drunken nap in class fights charges
Patrons at Miami Beach art gallery thought stabbing was an exhibit
It's true: Rubio loves water
Knife attack confused for performance art
Knife attack confused for performance art at Art Basel Miami Beach
Halifax staff have no opinion on donairs
More people on airplanes right now than taxpayers in Pakistan
China's leader Xi Jinping 'resigns' according to mistake in state media report
Muslim thrown off National Express coach in Bristol after passenger said they felt "uncomfortable"
Scientists Figure Out What Type of Person Believes BS
Forth Road Bridge put up for sale on ebay
Woman stabbed in attack mistaken for performance art by witnesses at Miami gallery
A woman was jailed after her car called the police
Ashley Madison cheater could face jail after spectacular post-hack meltdown
Deputies: Polk City driver receiving oral sex struck and killed a bicyclist
Iranian Ayatollah suggests reading Romain Rolland's 'Mahatma Gandhi' and 'L'Ame enchantée'
Detroit man lies about being raped
Tony Abbott buys a fridge on Gumtree
American Wins Triple Crown of Donkey Racing
Utah man who wore polo to Obama meeting says he would've dressed up if he'd known
Swiss artists programme laptop to make random purchases from the dark web
The best/worst Christmas gun ad
US woman flees hit-and-run accident but is caught after her car calls the police
Male student to re-sit exam due to 'period pain'
The Republican polling best in New Hampshire? Mitt Romney.
Anti-Nazi protesters cause damage, block traffic on Capitol Hill
Woman who has never felt pain experiences it for the first time
Woman stabbed at Art Basel Miami, gallery visitors confuse crime for modern art
Knife attack confused for performance art - CNN.com
Woman gets stabbed at Art Basel, onlookers think it's art
Melted Christmas ice rink becomes giant puddle
Body found in barrel 'not an accident'
Rapper Big Tobz films Leytonstone stabbing, uses publicity to 'promote his mixtape'
Gun TV: home shopping channel aims to sell weapons to viewers
Photo of San Bernardino shooter without burqa causes controversy
Russian Orthodox Priests Hug Cats for New 2016 Calendar
Coke's 'outrageous' ad shows white hipsters bringing drinks to indigenous Mexicans
Interest in active shooter insurance grows
Austria: Linz scraps gay pedestrian crossing lights
Chinese 'Star Wars' Poster Shrinks Black Lead Actor, John Boyega Chinese 'Star Wars' Poster Shrinks Black Lead Actor, John Boyega
Chinese 'Star Wars' Poster Shrinks Black Lead Actor, John Boyega
The 'scent' of terror: New dagger perfume available for purchase in Gaza
Bart Scott: I hid in bathroom to sign with Ravens while visiting Browns
Student at University of Portsmouth caught performing sex act in library
Norman Reedus bitten by fan at Walker Stalker Con
Bear Disrupts local picnic terrorism not suspected
Met accused of whitewashing baby Jesus
Santeria priest raided cemetery, took remains of 5
North Forsyth woman charged with trying to buy baby on Craigslist for 14-year-old daughter
Police: Burglary suspect identified by name on shirt
Man accidentally shoots friend at Phoenix gun show shortly after buying handgun
A 73-Year-Old Man Got Caught Snorting Coke During a Traffic Stop
'Love Note' lands fourth grade student in principal's office. "That's when the principal proceeded to tell me that it wasn't appropriate that he was writing the note and that if he writes another note, they are going to file sexual harassment charges on my 9-year-old," the mom said.
Study Finds People Who Fall For Nonsense Inspirational Quotes Are Less Intelligent
Enlightened teen Jaden Smith is reportedly writing a philosophy book
Taylor Swift Mysteriously Reappears on Spotify as a Convicted Pedophile's Band
Township Orders Zombie Nativity Taken Down
Israel finally agrees to upgrade Palestinians to 3G, boosting tech startups
Star Wars producer confirms Jar Jar Binks will not appear in The Force Awakens
Austrian City Removes Gay Crossing Lights
Thom Yorke Writes Letter to Father Christmas, Asks for Reading Glasses, Disses Oil Companies
Man Accidentally Shot at Phoenix Gun Show
'Love Note' lands fourth grade student in principal's office
Show Me the Muslim Sports Heroes, Demands 2007 Recipient of Muhammad Ali Award
Study reveals why men really do have a better sense of direction
Councillor claims 'every refugee should be injected with microchips' in Facebook rant
North Korea-ISIS Link? Pyongyang Denies Islamic State Connection, Blames South Korea For Spreading 'Slander And Fabrications'
North Korea scorns speculation that country may have Isis links
People who like "pseudo-profound" quotes are not so smart, says science
Councilman resigns after vote for 'Christmas' tree lighting name change
Watch a Santa on a 'Hoverboard' Crash Into a Christmas Tree
Peter Gabriel's pet project: teaching monkeys to Skype
Russian tourism chief tell compatriots: no need for beach holidays
'They're a death cult, we're a life cult' - Bono tells CNN the difference between Islamic State and U2
Knife Attack Confused for Performance Art at Art Basel
Xi Jinping 'resigns', according to typo in Chinese state media report
Kuwaiti pilot punished for letting ex-porn star visit the cockpit
Colorado College suspends student for two years for six-word joke on Yik Yak
Britain's oldest janitor suspended after accidentally filling swimming pool with chemicals that turned kids blue for a month
VA IG ousted over indecent acts: Masturbating in front of others, including teachers
Top VA Watchdog Resigned After Being Caught Masturbating On The Job
Chinese researchers unveil brain powered car
Now Martin Shkreli Wishes He Could Have Raised the Price of His $750 Pill Even Higher
High Neck Short Dress with Multi Colored Beading, Dresses for Semi Formal Dresses Online
America's first penis transplants will help injured veterans
Motorist arrested for hit-and-run after her own car calls the police.
Pornhub Has Seriously Pissed Off Italy's Parmigiano-Reggiano Industry
Top Fox News analyst calls Obama 'a total pussy'
Star Wars theater plans insane contest: Fans to watch for days until they drop
Stabbing At Miami's Art Basel Gallery Mistaken As Performance Art
Man named Bud Weisser arrested for trespassing a Budweiser brewery
Zombie nativity scene draws $500 a day fine from town as Christian protesters descend
Michael Vick is now an animal-rights activist
A teen chases attempted burglar away, and goes to sleep afterwards
Georgia woman asked for unwanted babies on Craigslist for teen daughter
Hillary Clinton: Stop helping terrorists, Silicon Valley - weaken your encryption
Anita DeFrantz of International Olympic Committee apologizes for blaming ice cream on rowers' illnesses
91-year-old woman dies during sex game with neighbor
Zombie-Themed Nativity Scene Causes a Stir in Ohio
Russia has banned Turkish products, but saved the lemons
Developer wants poverty-fighting funds to rehab Homestead country club
SAN BERNARDINO SHOOTING: Active shooter training held in same conference room last year
Donald Trump Calls for Barring Muslims From Entering U.S.
Apparently Nickelback were pretty pissed off at Queensland police for making fun of them
JebBush.com is Redirecting to Donald Trump's website
Trump calls for total ban on Muslims entering the U.S.
Justin Renel Joseph: Manhattan man sues Metropolitan Museum for 'racist whitewashed' Jesus paintings
New ordinance to reduce couch fires
Pro-Gun Christmas Family Photo, Says Guns Make Great Gifts
Donald Trump calls to ban all Muslims from entering US
A Cincinnati couple could face a $500 a day fine over a zombie nativity scene that has drawn the outrage of religious groups
PornHub's Christmas ad wants you to give premium subscriptions to your grandparents
'It's up to Americans to protect America': Republican Nevada politician arms family with guns in controversial holiday portrait to show support for the Second Amendment
Zombie Baby Jesus Rises In The Midwest, To Neighbors' Dismay
Louie Gohmert: Obama's Bringing In Terrorists So He Can Take Away Everyone's Guns
Nevada Congressional candidate, family tote guns in Christmas photo
Marco Rubio Loves to Drink Water
Man named Bud Weisser breaks into Budweiser brewery
Gohmert: Obama Imports Terrorists To Justify Gun Control
Obama 'a total pu--y,' Fox News commentator says after Oval Office address
Fox analyst calls Obama 'such a total p*ssy' on live TV
You Can Now Livestream What You're Doing on Facebook
Donald Trump proposes "total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States"
14 year-old Florida girl threatens to shoot up school with "AK-47s and sniper rifles" after "hacking the school"
Drunk SUNY Geneseo Student Swipes and Joyrides Ambulance Through Village
Fox News Suspends Contributors For Profane On-Air Comments About Obama
Steve Sarkisian Files Lawsuit Against USC
14 year-old Florida girl with "connections to ISIS", threatens to shoot up school with "AK-47s and sniper rifles" after "hacking the school"
Steve Sarkisian sues USC over his firing as football coach
IBM pulls #HackAHairDryer campaign admitting it 'missed the mark' | Technology | The Guardian
Jacksonville teen accused of threatening to shoot up school, says she's connected to ISIS
Manhattan man sues Metropolitan Museum for 'racist whitewashed' Jesus paintings
Teen Who Worked In Corner Shop For 10 Weeks To Afford Christmas Presents Told He's On Unpaid Internship
Detroit effort urges 'Hugs, Not Bullets' for New Year's
Alligator kills Barefoot Bay burglary suspect
Fox News suspends two contributors for crude Obama remarks
Jeff Bezos just offered to shoot Donald Trump into space
Novato Couple Recount Terrifying Squirrel Attack
Video shows woman eating pizza slice while walking away from fatal Brooklyn crash
Norway offers refugees free flights, thousands of dollars to leave the country
Sheryl Crow's view on toilet paper: one sheet a visit
Suspected burglar killed by alligator while fleeing deputies
This Guy Waited 390 Days For His Turn At A Job. The Senate Just Skipped Him.
Allegheny College students find insects do not taste like chicken
Woman arrested for assault by "twerking"
Man jailed and fined for lying in blood donation questionnaire
Norman Reedus Was Reportedly Bitten By a Female Walking Dead Fan
Trump demands 'complete shutdown' on Muslims entering US
Man burglarizes mom's house for homemade posole, police say
Navy Admiral Reprimanded for Public Drunkenness and Nudity
Butt Earns Big Ten Tight End of the Year Honors
Couple in Cincinnati face $500 fines after making a zombie Nativity scene
Man sues Met over 'racist' Jesus paintings
Boston College Students Treated After Eating at Chipotle
Couple in Cincinnati face $500/day fines for a zombie Nativity scene
Man who says he was turning into 'The Hulk' arrested for disorderly conduct
New York woman witnesses fatal car wreck, walks off munching on pizza
Western Kentucky man leads police on a high speed chase over a piece of cheesecake
Woman aged 91 suffocated during sex game with married neighbour, 49
Anonymous Has Declared December 11th 'Troll ISIS Day'
New Honda S2000 Designed For Lizard People Confirmed By Illuminati
Trump's Plan to Fight ISIS Online Is So Vacant.
'White Privilege' Explains Singers Success
Jeff Bezos wants to send Donald Trump into space
Donald Trump thinks he can call Bill Gates to "close up" the internet
Nineteen year old, Bud Weisser, caught trespassing at Budweiser Brewery
A Dark Souls bet turned so sour it ended up in TV court
MU student accuses former minority chair of racist remarks, sues
N. Korea 'declares war' on deforestation at Paris climate talks
People Are Punking Their Friends Online by Staging Their Own "Hilarious" Fake Murders
11-Foot Gator Eats Burglary Suspect Hiding In Florida Pond
High-schoolers fight in a bathroom; shoes involved but police not sure how
California's newest airport terminal extends to Mexico
Santa, dead at 226? Norwegian paper apologizes after publishing hoax death notice
Myrtle Beach man calls 911 for ride to bail girlfriend out of jail, police say
University of Adelaide: Male student to re-sit exam due to 'period pain'
Michael Vick supporting legislation protecting pets in cars
Male models strike pose in court after coke bust
Jax teen threatens school shooting, claims ISIS ties
Fan Gets Backstage by Listing Himself as Family on Band's Wikipedia Page
73-year-old man snorts cocaine during traffic stop in front of police officers
Mayor Rick Kriseman 'bars' Donald Trump from St. Petersburg
ExxonMobil Warns of 'Catastrophic' 7°F to 12°F Global Warming Without Government Action
New York Woman witnesses fatal crash, carries on eating pizza
Man, 73, tries snorting cocaine during traffic stop | WGN-TV
Japanese people surprised to find that "popular Japanese store" Meiso doesn't exist in Japan
Hal 2015: Car snitches on its driver after hit-and-run
This smart car seems to have tattled on its driver
Donald Trump wants to close up the Internet
AMAZON CEO JEFF BEZOS SAYS HE WANTS TO LAUNCH TRUMP INTO SPACE
Local NBC news twitter account asks if Muslims should be banned from entering the country
Malaysian airport seeks owner of three Boeing 747s abandoned at airport
Suspect in She's A Pistol shooting in court, now claiming self defense
Will the owner who forgot his three Boeings please collect them from KLIA before they are sold?
Trump Calls For Ban On Muslims Entering US
Trio face charges for changing facility names on Google Maps
Jeb Bush domain name redirects to Trump site
Rael names Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg 'Honorary Guide of Humanity'
ISIS Leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi on Time's 'Person of the Year' Shortlist
Pizza in Hand, Cold-Blooded New Yorker Strolls Away From Fatal Car Crash
Students sentenced to 48 hours in jail for violating "saggy pants rule"
Woman Eats Pizza Slice While Walking Away From Fatal Fort Greene Crash
Convicted Killer Oscar Pistorius Granted Bail for $688
Christmas shoppers try to talk fox down from Pizza Hut sign
Convert who protested outside Parliament over Syrian airstrikes with poster saying 'I am a Muslim... do you trust me enough for a hug?' now faces jail for threatening to bomb MP's house
Andrew Bolt to star in ABC documentary on Indigenous recognition
Naked, drunken man with 3 women in car hit 110 mph, police say
"I am a muslim, do you trust me with a hug" Man faces jail for threating to bomb an mp's house
Hello, My Name Is Dr. Loki Skylizard - I Love Charts
Suspected Burglar Killed By Alligator While Hiding From Police In A Pond
Donald Trump wants to ban the internet, will ask Bill Gates to 'close it up'
Hit-and-run suspect arrested after her own car calls cops
Burglary suspect killed by alligator while hiding from the police
Donald Trump says "ban all Muslims from entering the US"
Ohio Man faces $500/day fines for his zombie nativity
Politician filmed asking for cash in exchange for help with planning claims he was "playing along" with RTE sting
Jeff Bezos suggests sending Donald Trump into space
Reporter challenges guinea pig to lettuce-eating contest
Man put package up his bum when he was spotted by police
Girl Sucker Punches Guy with Down Syndrome & Cerebral Palsy
Man accused of stealing his mom's stew
200-pound ripped kangaroo crushes metal
DEA Chief's daughter arrested for selling cocaine, marijuana, ecstasy and LSD; released immediately on bail
Ohio man fined for zombie Nativity scene
Man handles online dating rejection by being polite and the world is shocked
'I'm looking for New Jersey,' DWI suspect tells officer in Jersey City
60 venomous spiders caught in house fire in Basingstoke
It's true, Toronto's squirrels are fatter this year
Ohio woman caught eating cereal while driving, leads police on 30-mile high-speed chase
Adults' Attack On Students At Brick Memorial Game Under Investigation
Florida 'burglar' is eaten by an ALLIGATOR while hiding from police
Getting high on cocaine at work, sex in office, or embezzling $400k do not reach level of firing offense for VA
Belgian minister slammed after 'blacking up' for Christmas party
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos suggests launching Donald Trump into space
Suspect Charged in CAIR's Anti-Muslim 'Hate Crime' Is Named ... Mohamed
Driver activates James Bond-style smoke screen to shake off police
BCSO: Suspected Palm Bay Burglar Killed, Eaten By Alligator After Fleeing Deputies
Muslims are to Trump as the Chinese were to President Arthur in 1882
Getting high on coke at work, sex in office, or embezzling $400k do not quite reach level of firing offense for VA
Amazon boss Jeff Bezos wants to send Donald Trump into space
Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi on the shortlist for TIME 2015 Person of the Year
Michael Vick to lobby for law to protect animals in hot cars.
Love, sex & Dhokha - Ahmedabad Mirror (Men pay 'membership fees' to join 'friendship clubs'. end up getting conned.)
4,000 anti-Israel dolls seized at customs
Officers in East Boston arrested a knife weilding man without using firearms
Driver tries to shake off police with James Bond-esque smoke screen
Biden Warns Ukraine of Backsliding on Corruption
J.K. Rowling says Trump is worse than Voldemort
Lorry carrying live Bernard Matthews turkeys crashes near Notcutts nursery in Norwich
Trump Supporters Disappointed He Only Wants to Ban One Religion
Icelanders flock to religion revering Sumerian gods and tax rebates
Mum posts cat an advent calendar, cat can't collect it as it has no ID
Cat cannot collect advent calendar from the post office as it has no ID
11-Foot Gator Eats Burglar
Burglary suspect hides in Florida lake, where gator eats him
Alligator eats burglary suspect hiding from cops.
Chemical flavorings found in e-cigarettes linked to lung disease
Congresswoman Identifies "Homicide" As Leading Cause Of 'Most' Murders In America
Ben Carson Confuses 'Hamas' With 'Hummus'
Florida Burglar who hid from Cops eaten by Gator
Exclusive: Donald Trump Says He Might Have Supported Japanese Internment
Father, son stole $41K worth of chicken wings from employer
Primary "Never forget" Republican leaders immediately forget first responders in favor of political bargaining [#WorstResponders]
Trump says "closing that Internet" is a good way to fight terrorism
Alligator kills Florida burglary suspect hiding from cops
WKTV.com | Police: Father, son stole $41K worth of wings from employer
Woman stabbed at art show, onlookers think it's 'performance art'
These Pranksters Read Bible Passages to People, Telling Them It Was the Qur'an; They Were Shocked
J.K. Rowling: Trump is worse than Voldemort
HS Football Player Investigated for Attempted Murder Helps Team Win Championship
'The Walking Dead' star Norman Reedus bitten by fan at zombie convention
Trump not bothered by comparisons to Hitler
6 Year Old is Running for president and people are making it happen!
Van Dyke said he feared McDonald's knife could shoot bullets
Donald Trump says he is not bothered by comparisons to Hitler
Nevada Republican lawmaker Michele Fiore says she'll shoot Syrian refugees herself
Burglary suspect killed by 11-foot gator while fleeing Brevard deputies
Teen left shaken after witnessing naked man perform a sex act on campervan towbar
Osborne: UK has 'got its mojo back' with air strikes
It's stripper season in Michigan's Upper Peninsula
Florida burglary suspect killed by alligator while fleeing from police
Malaysia hunts owners of Boeing 747s abandoned at airport
Michele Fiore, Nevada Assemblywoman, wants to shoot Syrian refugees
Muslim convert who held up 'hug trust' sign now faces jail over MP bomb threat
Tancredo wants the U.S. to arm 100 million Americans to fight 'Islamists'
Malaysia in hunt for owner of 3 Boeings left at airport
CIA Director still using AOL for email
J.K. Rowling: Voldemort 'nowhere near as bad' as Trump
POLICE: BURGLAR WHO HID FROM POLICE EATEN BY GATOR
11-Foot Alligator Kills Suspected Florida Burglar
Some Muslim Americans Irritated By Obama's Call For Them To 'Root Out' Extremism : NPR
Mayor bans Trump 'until we fully understand the dangerous threat posed by all Trumps'
Police: Burglary suspect hiding in lake eaten by alligator
Father and son accused of stealing $41,000 in chicken wings
Paedophile Ian Watkins Credited For Taylor Swift Songs
Albuquerque police man arrested on suspicion of stealing mom's posole
Study: Text messages that end in a period seen as less sincere
Donald Trump wants to stop ISIS by closing the internet.
J.K. Rowling says Donald Trump is worse than Harry Potter's nemesis Lord Voldemort
Steph Curry credits new automatic toilet for his recent awesome performances
St. Louis Rams wide receiver Stedman Bailey, who was shot in the head, might have played his final game in the NFL.
Woman who took to Craigslist to get baby for daughter, 14, released.
Florida thief hides from police, gets killed by gator.
Police: Man flees from police, gets haircut before arrest
Florida Man Gobbled by Gator While Hiding From Police
Voldemort is still polling better than Donald Trump
Semi driver dead after his own rig runs him over in Ormond Beach
Father, son accused of stealing $41,000 in chicken wings
Alleged drug dealer reportedly runs from police, gets haircut before arrest
ISIS-themed 'family' coloring book shows beheadings, acid attacks and fall of the West
Simply Be website replaces picture of bra with one of Hitler's Mein Kampf
Japan defends scientific value of new plan to kill 333 minke whales
SHETLAND PONY FOUND RIDING SHOTGUN AROUND MINNEAPOLIS
Donald Trump: Police 'afraid for their lives' in 'radicalised' London
Potato Parcel founder, 24, makes $10K each month writing on potatoes and sending them away
Bodyguard Bullet-Proof Blankets Designed To Shield Pupils From Bullets
Police: Albuquerque man arrested after stealing mom's posole
at can't get his advent calendar from the Post Office because he doesn't have ID
18-wheeler catches fire on I-10 in Jackson Co. (Punch line in story)
Suspected Burglar Hides From Cops In Pond, Is Killed By Alligator
Cat can't get his advent calendar from the Post Office because he doesn't have ID
Florida burglary suspect eaten by alligator after fleeing police
Severed pig's head thrown at Philadelphia mosque door
Peter Gabriel announces plans to teach monkeys how to use Skype
Fox News Tells Young Children To Run At Active Shooters | Blog
Malaysian officials baffled after Boeing 747 planes mysteriously abandoned at airport
You've got real mail: Woman ships out greeting cards rather than Internet postings
Fox News Wants Your Kids to Charge at Active Shooters
CHICKEN WING THEFT: Father, son accused of stealing $41K worth
Did You Forget Your Planes? Airport Takes Out Ad to Locate Owner
Mi Primer Amor | Sebastián Villalobos
Forget Dave, meet Roger: After giant grey kangaroo is pictured stalking suburbia, a SIX FOOT red rival weighing 14 stone (200 lbs) emerges - who crushes buckets for fun
Albuquerque man arrested after stealing mom's posole
Three Boeing 747s left at Kuala Lumpur baggage reclaim
How Gun Control Made Australia Safer Than America
Home Shopping Channel for Guns To Make T.V. Debut
Lebron James Exalts Jesus Christ Amid Cavs Loss to Pelicans
Crews work to clear 18-wheeler fire; tractor trailer was carrying fire extinguishers
Meet 'Roger' the kangaroo who likes to chase his human keepers and crush metal
Donald Trump Calls For 'Closing That Internet Up'
Cops Fighting Mandatory Drug Tests - Claim it's 'Unconstitutional' to Screen Police Urine
Psychiatrists find Orange Park man who plotted terrorist act to be mentally unstable
Jesus Christ! This Zombie Nativity Scene Is Pissing People Off
Florida burglary suspect hiding in lake was attacked, eaten by alligator
Study: More Useless Liberal Arts Majors Could Destroy ISIS
Nigel Farage: Trump has gone too far
S. Korea sending priests for Easter Mass in Pyongyang: N. Koreans would welcome visit Pope Francis, South Korean archbishop tells press after visit
Croatian rights chief's trousers fall down at presidential photoshoot
Donald Trump a major investor in Muslim nations
BBC presenter calls boxer Tyson Fury 'dickhead' on live TV
Prince William shares what makes him special: 'I am a prince'
In Kazakhstan, Internet backdoors you!
Mods tries to stop reposting on reddit
Sheriff: Horse may have been sexually assaulted
Father And Son Cooks Accused Of Stealing $40,000 Of Chicken Wings
Amid threats, zombie Nativity scene lives to see another day
Norwegian newspaper declares Santa Claus dead at 226, then apologizes
Petition Demands Adele Admit She's Successful Only Because She's White, and Insists She Give Away Her Money
SVSU student hires fake family for Christmas card prank
Nigel Farage says Donald Trump's policy of banning Muslim immigration to the US is 'a political mistake too far'
Father and son accused of stealing $40,000 in chicken wings
Sigur Rós Members Confirm They Produced Talking Dog Movie The Three Dogateers Save Christmas
Finland says asylum seekers should work for free and learn about women's rights
Radiohead's Thom Yorke Writes Letter to Santa Claus, Asks Him Not to Give Presents to Oil Company Execs
'Burglars save life of family's goldfish during raid'
Zombie Nativity Scene Resurrected
Misspelled bathroom sign a hiccup in airport's Syrian refugee welcome process
To whom it may concern: please claim your Boeing 747s
Labour Leader Corbin Quotes Communist Leader Hoxha
Trump Only Loves Rich Muslims Who Give Him Money
Michael Vick Lobbying for Law to Protect Pets
Florida man fleeing police dies after alligator attack
Police: Witness follows man who stole beer, kills him
/r/NotTheOnionJerk - the new mod-approved centre for all your Trump memes and reposts.
Father and son accused of stealing $41,000 worth of chicken wings from employer
Anti-gun senator shoots intruder
Victim of arson who lost her father and siblings only wants cards for Christmas.
SJW's demand the Lynch be removed because of lynch.
Naked man driving 110 mph arrested on DUI charge
Burglars stop to save life of family's goldfish named Freddie
Police storm train at London station after passenger's umbrella mistaken for a Samurai sword
Beehive Fences in East Africa Protect Farms from Elephants
Driver says he was distracted by sex when he struck and killed bicyclist.
Man Tries to Snort Cocaine During Traffic Stop
Burglars save life of Freddie the goldfish during raid on family home
Florida Man killed by alligator while fleeing police
Woman witnesses fatal crash, carries on eating pizza
Police: Albuquerque man arrested after stealing mom's stew
Firefighters try to save 60 Spiders including poisonous tarantulas from house fire
Pig's head left at Philadelphia mosque
Deputies: Inmate tried to choke cellmate over loud snoring
'Mr. Todd' forced little girl to eat her own vomit, Orlando cops say
Police: Father, son stole $41K worth of wings from employer
Trump worse than Voldemort, says J.K. Rowling
First U.S. penis transplants planned to help wounded vets
Ralph Peters calls Obama 'a total pussy' on live television
J.K. Rowling: Lord Voldemort 'nowhere near as bad' as Donald Trump
Zombie Nativity spat continues for second year
found this, i think it's preeeeeety good
Would the owner of the three 747s parked at Kuala Lumpur International Airport for the last year please pick up your planes. The white zone is for the immediate loading and unloading of passengers only.
Medal of Honor recipient reveals he was high on marijuana when he fought off two waves of Vietcong single-handedly
Naming of Lebanon Valley College's Lynch building questioned amid equality push
north face founder douglas tompkins killed while kayaking in Patagonia
Alligator Eats Burglary Suspect Hiding From Cops in Lake
Watching the Sixers costs less than drinking away the pain of watching the Sixers
North Korea will create "mountains of gold" to combat climate change
Fox News Tells Young Children To Run At Active Shooters
Fox News tells children to charge and disarm active shooters
Admiral reprimanded for drunken, naked escapade at Florida hotel
Voice of Charlie Brown headed to prison.
Transgender AND Transager: 52 Year-Old Father Lives as a 6 Year-Old Girl
Russian Soldier Blew Up His Wife During Sex
The North Face co-founder dies while kayaking in Patagonia
The Co-founder of The North Face dies while kayaking in Patagonia
Toledo GOP 'priestess' freaks out and speaks in tongues after radio host calls her a 'false prophet'
Smith & Wesson gun sales soar after spate of mass shootings in US
Teen Killed When He was Pulled Into Wood Chipper On First Day of Work
Senator's rebuke after ABC Twitter account with 100,000 followers links to hard-core porn account
Officers in East Boston arrested a knife wielding man without using firearms
Artist implants human hair onto shoes to create hairy stilettos
Sarah Palin, a Second Amendment supporter, said she believed that Jesus would be a "proponent of open carry" policies. "Jesus was a warrior, he was a fighter for justice,"
Man arrested after strapping cow to flatbed trailer
Lobster rolls at 8 San Diego sushi restaurants lacked a key ingredient: lobster
Family wishes trans son would just be a gay girl
Study confirms that ending your texts with a period is terrible
Trump Tells Barbara Walters His Muslim Friends Agree With His Proposed Ban on Muslims
Malaysian Airport Seeks Owner of Three Abandoned Planes
Firefighters battle spate of penis ring mishaps
Croatian picks up award, loses pants
Founder of North Face Dies In Patagonia
North Face founder dies from hypothermia after kayaking accident in Chile
Florida burglary suspect hides in pond, gets eaten by alligator
To whom it may concern: please claim your Boeing 747s abandoned at Malaysia's airport
Donald Trump Wants Bill Gates To Turn Off The Internet To Stop ISIS
Trump's plan to thwart ISIS: Have Bill Gates close the Internet
Arnold Schwarzenegger: Stop eating meat and save the planet
Donald Trump says Bill Gates should help close 'that internet' to prevent terrorism
Malaysia's Kuala Lumpur International Airport has begun a hunt to find the owners of three Boeing 747 planes that have been left abandoned and unclaimed on the tarmac.
Suspect wore name on sweatshirt during break-in, cops say
Vancouver man lists gingerbread house on Craigslist for $4.5 million
Students: Rename building called 'Lynch' after ex-president
Florida man eaten by alligator while hiding from Police
Walking Dead star bitten by fan
Pressure Transmitters,Rosemount Pressure Transmitter,Yokogawa Pressure Transmitter,Flow Transmitter
People will think you're a jerk if you end texts with a period, scientific study finds
North Face founder dies of hypothermia
Malaysia seeks owners of three Boeing 747s abandoned at airport
Fremont: Man survives two rounds of compaction in garbage truck
Burglary suspect eaten by alligator as he fled police
Stabbing at Art Basel Miami Beach Mistaken for Performance Art
Man arrested after breaking into his mother's house and stealing her Mexican Stew
Lost property: Malaysia seeks owners of three Boeing 747s abandoned at airport
There is no internet censorship in China, says China's top censor
Peter Gabriel Wants To Teach Monkeys How To Skype
Peter Gabriel Wants to Get Monkeys Using Facebook
A Florida woman was arrested for a hit-and-run after her car called the cops
These Are Some Of The Cool Things Oscar Can Do While Out On Bail
Amputee war veteran: 'I'm sick of people expecting me to hate Muslims'
George Osborne says that bombing Syria has given Britain its mojo back
The signatories believe Donald J Trump should be banned from UK entry
Martin Shkreli, internet famous pharma exec who raised the price of AIDS drug by more than 5000%, paid more than $2million for the only existing copy of Wu-Tang's new album Once Upon a Time in Shaolin
Father and son charged with stealing $41,000 in chicken wings
Muslim man kicked off coach in Bristol
Prague Man Goes on Epic, Illegal Goose Binge
Sepp Blatter: 'What I can say, I am an honest person'
Malaysia hunts owners of Boeing 747s left at airport
'Walking Dead' actor reportedly bitten by fan at N.J. zombie convention
Peter Gabriel announces plans to teach monkeys how to use Skype Read more at http://www.nme.com/news/peter-gabriel/90219#RxlMTeL85Q1Gapvu.99
Ex-Pentagon chief calls for 'not-Obama' as next president
I-Team: Hospital Charges $17,000 to Stitch a 2-Inch Cut in Emergency Room
TIME's Person of the Year 2015 is German Chancellor Angela Merkel
Shoplifting suspect facing felony charge argues items should have been valued at sale price
Hair-cutting prowler targets Polish women on trams
Angela Merkel named 2015 TIME Person of the Year
Smog-hit Beijing residents told to stay positive and drink more tea
11-foot gator eats burglary suspect hiding in Fla. pond
MARTIN SHKRELI IS THE ONE WHO BOUGHT THE MILLION DOLLAR WU-TANG ALBUM
Donald Trump wants Bill Gates' help "closing that Internet up"
Donald Trump kept a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed, according to his ex-wife
Man went to strip club after killing
North Face founder dies in Kayak accident
School board member wants Muppets book banned
Express Your Love for KFC and Each Other By Wearing a Colonel Sanders Twosie
'Last call for owner of 3 abandoned planes': Malaysia Airports seeks owner of Boeing 747s left at KLIA
Driver didn't realize she was in New Jersey, police say
North Face founder dies in Patagonia
Frau stirbt bei "Teufelsaustreibung" Exorcism in Frankfurt hotel room: One woman dead [GERMAN]
Bride calls off marriage after groom fails 'maths test'
Founder of The North Face clothing brand dies in Patagonia.
Kim Jong Un is sending his personal girl band to Beijing
Man Allegedly Tried Snorting Cocaine During Traffic Stop
Students Demand Renaming of "Lynch Memorial Hall"
The Spanish hairdresser who uses a samurai sword and blow torch
Much Of The World Perplexed That Climate Debate Continues In U.S.
Five Cambodians die after eating infected dog meat
Icelandic avant garde musicians invest in Christmas film "The Three Dogateers"
Ban Donald Trump' petition: Website crashes after more than 100,000 sign to reject Republican candidate
Fox News Wants Your Kids To Stop A Gunman With Their Bare Hands
Pharmaceutical kingpin Martin Shkreli bought the $2 million Wu-Tang album
Martin Shkreli paid $2 million for Wu-Tang Clan's new album and didn't even listen to the whole thing first
US Navy's newest ship sets sail with Captain James Kirk at the bridge
Car owner discovers his faulty BMW was driven by Jeremy Clarkson in high-octane Top Gear stunt | TV | Staying In
There's a new boycott in town: One Staten Island man's dark Christmas
Qatar ministry warns residents against keeping baboons as pets
Milder than average temperatures lead to obese squirrels
City mistakes homophones for homophobes.
Michael Vick Lobbies for Law to Protect Animals in Hot Cars
Brevard deputies: 11-foot alligator killed accused burglar hiding in pond
The North Face founder dies kayaking in Patagonia
Father, Son Stole $41,000 Worth of Chicken Wings From Restaurant
Wu-Tang Clan's Once Upon a Time in Shaolin Bought by Pharmaceuticals CEO Martin Shkreli
Pharma villain Martin Shkreli is mystery buyer of rare Wu-Tang album
The North Face co-founder Douglas Tompkins dies of hypothermia
Fox News Just Gave the Most Terrible Advice to Kids for Surviving a Mass Shooting
Sad Supervillain Martin Shkreli Bought That Top Secret Wu-Tang Album
Donald Trump Blasts Time For Not Naming Him Person Of The Year
Police: NY father, son stole $41K worth of chicken wings
Students Demand Building Called 'Lynch' Be Renamed Because of Racial Overtones
New app alerts you each time the Swedish foreign minister says something stupid
BBC News presenter calls Tyson Fury a dickhead
Woman Arrested for Hit and Run After Her Car Calls Police
Judge hands pedophile pitchman Jared even HEAVIER sentence than prosecution sought: 15 years despite blaming his pornography and prostitute addiction on Subway diet
Ivy League Universities Drop The Term 'Master' because it is reminiscent of slavery.
Study Proves Only Jerks End Their Texts With a Period
Marriott removing desks from its hotel rooms "because Millennials"
Businessman denies rape claiming he 'may have penetrated teen after falling on top of her'
Trump Calls for "Closing the Internet," Says Believing in "Freedom of Speech" is "Foolish"
Petition to ban Trump from UK passes 200K, could be debated in Parliament
Jared Fogle, ex-Subway spokesman, gets 15 years in prison for child porn, sex crimes
My old college town is forcing landlords to live with their tenants for 10 months out of the year due to partying/noise complaints.
Ban Donald Trump' petition passes 200,000 signatures and will now be considered for debate in the House of Commons
Shoppers panic as hoverboard explodes at Washington mall kiosk
Too Shy To Pee In A Public Bathroom? Urine Luck
'Ban Donald Trump' petition passes 200,000 signatures
Wisconsin school board member wants Muppets book about world problems banned
facebook twitter pinterest email comments 38 Study Says That Men Have The Better Sense Of Direction
Tag suspended over injuries at elementary school
Police: Albuquerque man stole stew...from his own mother
Trump UK ban petition passes 200,000 signatures
'Miracle' cow survives being carried 15 miles in flood
Elf attacked, Santa calls for help
Massachusetts Could Force State Prisoners To Pay Room And Board
President Obama praises George Lucas, saying he taught children to believe "If a kid from Tatooine moisture farm can go from bulls-eyeing womp rats in his T-16 to saving the galaxy, then maybe I can be something special too?"
This Man's Pants Fell Down During a Photo Op with the Croatian President
Late winter gives squirrels a chance to bulk up
Meet the Grandma Who Outran Her Kids at the Beer Mile
Hollygrove woman called cleaning service, not police, after fatal stabbing of her husband
PA student protesters want building renamed because it honors someone named "Lynch"
'Pharma bro' Martin Shkreli bought Wu-Tang Clan's one-of-a-kind album for reported $2 million, refuses to play it on live stream
Michael Moore sings Trump-themed Christmas carols outside the RNC
New Yorker needs someone to help him build a time machine
Gun rights groups to stage mock mass shooting at UT
Donald Trump Thinks He Can Call Bill Gates To Shut Down The Internet
Muslim forced off Tube after commuter complained he used iPad 'suspiciously'
Toronto school bans tag over concerns about safety during rough-and-tumble version of the game
For Trump Tower residents, association with Trump is 'embarrassing'
Muslim Man Forced Off London Tube After Commuter Complains He Was Using iPad 'Suspiciously'
Mom Accused Of Trying To Buy Baby Online For 14-Year-Old Daughter
'Walking Dead's' Norman Reedus bitten by fan at zombie convention
"Pharma Bro" Martin Shkreli Bought the Only Copy of Wu-Tang Clan's Album, Apparently Because He Wants Friends
Complaints after CBBC shows 'Isis-style execution' of a boiled egg.
Woman believes store is being burglarized because dog is missing.
Vladimir Putin: Hopefully we'll never have to nuke Isis. 'Hopefully'
Malaysia Airports seeks owner of three Boeing 747s abandoned at KLIA
Cobb County police warn of scammers pretending to be ISIS
Trump Campaign officially designated as hate group by Southern Poverty Law Center
Coming soon to two mostly Muslim countries: Trump hotels
North Korea: Kim Jong Un's girl band to visit Beijing
Martin Shkreli Bought Sole Wu-Tang Clan Album, Report Says
Chili Cheese Fries Used as Weapon in Attempted Robbery at Glendale Fast Food Joint
U.S. solar industry battles 'white privilege' image problem
Aldi & Lidl stores coming to America, everyone will freak out with happiness
'Corrupted' document led to release of student information
"Alien Megastructure" continues to not be aliens in latest study
Leader of ISIS beats Black Lives Matter in 2015 Time 'Person of the Year'
Petition to ban Trump from UK passes 250K, could be debated in Parliament
Turkish PM accuses Russia of 'ethnic cleansing' in Syria
FAA and pilots ask public to be careful in aiming Christmas laser lights
This man stared at the Mona Lisa for 10 years and then it told him its secrets
US Neo-Nazi Leader Says Donald Trump 'the Real Deal'
NY urged to allow supervised heroin sites
Hipster Santa Portland Oregon
Gun Rights Groups to Hold Fake Mass Shooting at UT This Weekend
Gun Groups Decide It Would Be a Great Idea to Stage a Fake Mass Shooting on a College Campus
WATCH: Toronto taxi driver compares Uber to ISIS
Rape crisis centres VS Muslim inmigration in UK
Missouri man says hanging noose with Confederate flag is a rope-tying lesson and 'not racism at all'
This 52-Year-Old Man Lives As A 6-Year-Old Girl
Toronto taxi driver compares Uber to ISIS
Matt Bevin appoints ex-coal executive as energy and environment chief.
Gun rights groups to stage mock mass shooting at University of Texas campus
Donald Trump "Attacked" by Bald Eagle Named Uncle Sam
North Face co-founder dies of hypothermia in Chile
People Who Post Silly Inspirational Quotes on Facebook Are Actually Idiots, Study Finds
Native Americans call for ban on Christians entering the US
Canadian kindness: Ontario woman drives 400 km to help ailing beaver
Kuala Lumpur airport seeks owner of 'abandoned' jets
Video: Crazed Muslim & Hillary Supporter Threatens to "Circumcise" Donald Trump
91-year-old woman suffocates to death from sex game with neighbor
Local Imam agrees with Trump: "It would be wise to stop temporarily accepting any new Muslim immigrants"
A secretly recorded speech at a Credit Suisse investor conference reveals arms manufacturers and defense contractors of America applauding the escalation of conflicts in the Middle East
Portugal: 91-year-old woman dies after sex game with neighbour
Trump Wants to Bang His Daughter
CLOSED: TX Planned Parenthood shuts down, becomes pro-life center
Parliament plans to debate banning Donald Trump from the UK
Coca-Cola Yanks New 'Racist' Christmas Ad Featuring White Teenagers Doing Good Deeds
The North Face Co-Founder Dies from Hypothermia in Chile
Japan finally bottles "the scent of a cat's forehead"-now available to spray on your belongings!
Even bald eagles want to take a chunk out of Trump!
Lionel Richie Contacted Lawyers Over Adele's 'Hello'
91 year old woman dies during sex due to "suffocation"
Hit-and-run driver reported by own car
Taxi Drivers Are Comparing Uber To ISIS And Hanging Onto Moving Vehicles In Protest
Trump Blasts Time for Not Naming Him Person of the Year
Russian Designer's Lament: No Turkish Fabric For Anti-Turkish T-Shirts
Woman caught drinking can of STELLA while driving on M25
Family shocked as daughter appears for her own vigil
Teenager killed after being pulled into wood chipper on first day of work
Richard Butts resigns as municipal Chief Administrative Officer
North Carolina teen falls into wood chipper, dies during first day of work
Gun advocates to stage fake mass shooting at University of Texas
Donald Trump: "I'm going to win the Hispanic vote"
Pharma Boss Martin Shkreli Unmasked as Wu-Tang Clan Album Buyer
North Face founder dies while kayaking in Patagonia
Trump on Muslim ban: I'm the least bigoted person you've ever met
Lebanon Valley College student activists want 'Lynch Memorial Hall' renamed Name commemorates former college President Clyde A. Lynch
Donald Trump: "I am the least racist person that you have ever met"
Spider-Man Brawled (Again) With an Unknown Villain in Times Square
Painting Company Tells Customer Who Canceled "Death To Muslims"
Suspected hit-and-run driver caught in Florida after her car calls the cops
Strippers Suffering From Low Oil Prices
Bolivar Central seniors sentenced to 48 hours in jail after violating saggy pants rule
Italian Prime Minister's new €1million a month jet 'grounded because no one is qualified to fly it'
The President of Croatia Doesn't Seem to Care That This Man's Pants Fell Down During a Photo-Op
Coca-Cola controversy kills anti-obesity group
NFL fines Antonio Brown for humping a goalpost
Dancing guy picking up litter is the hero Milwaukee needs
Benjamin Netanyahu Rejects Donald Trump's Comments, Says Trump Should Respect Muslims
Student protesters jump the shark: Can't even handle the name 'Lynch'
In perfect irony bald eagle attacks Trump at Time Magazine photo shoot
College students want to rename Lynch Memorial Hall due to 'racial overtones'
The Independent Trump Onion
Alligator ate Florida burglary suspect, deputies say
'Most Canadian thing': Ontario woman drives 400 km to help sick beaver
Trump: 'I'm doing good for the Muslims'
Donald Trump has honorary degree revoked by Robert Gordon University after making controversial remarks about Muslims
Six UN Ambassadors unite for rock album under name 'UNRocks'
North Face clothing founder Douglas Tompkins dies of hypothermia
Tag, you're not it. Catholic school suspends game
Fifty-Two Year-Old Man Lives As A Six Year-Old Girl. Seriously.
Tony Abbott: I would have won the next election
Navy reprimands admiral who peed pants, wandered hotel naked
Mom jailed for asking daughter to practice sex with boyfriend
Donald Trump's spokeswoman on proposed Muslim ban: 'So what? They're Muslim.'
Trump campaign officially designated as a hate group by Southern Poverty Law Center.
A Bald Eagle Named Uncle Sam Tried to Attack Trump During a Photoshoot
Cheshire woman charged with mailing drugs to son in prison
Waukegan alderman used tire iron to beat sick raccoon to death
Drake's Label Forgot to Submit "Hotline Bling" to the Grammys | Nerdist
Jimmy McMillan, Rent Is Too Damn High Candidate, Is Retiring From Politics
Man breaks into mom's house to steal posole
North Potomac Man Sentenced to Life in Prison for Killing Man After Text-Message Fight
Connecticut teen tests fire-breathing, turkey-roasting drone
Toronto school bans full-contact tag, but the softer, friendlier version of the game is still OK
Liberty University President OK With Guns in School's Dorms
Lee Rigby killer suing over lost teeth
Tag suspended at Toronto elementary school due to injuries
Toronto cab driver says Uber is ISIS
Mars to get planetary ring set to rival Saturn, with moon Phobos set to break up from tidal stress
Don't forget there's someone behind that cashier...... or just a lying attention whore....
Worlds more hated pharma exec buys wu-tang album for 2 million (The guy who raised the drug price from $13.50 to $750)
Star Wars' Is About to Break Records for Breaking Records
remember there's someone behind that register....or a lying attention whore.
Worlds most hated pharma exec buys Wu-Tang album for 2 million (The guy who raised the drug price from $13.50 to $750)
Eighty children get chickenpox at Brunswick North West Primary, a school that calls for 'tolerance' of vaccine dodgers
Squirrel in Novato attacks believed dead
Mother-of-three who spent £1,500 on 300 Christmas presents for her children insists they're NOT spoilt after she's accused of being 'delusional' and 'pressie-bragging'
Mum is accused of 'abuse' for buying kids 300 Christmas presents
Mum accused of 'abusing' kids for buying them 300 Christmas presents
How The Left Created Donald Trump
Car owner discovers his faulty BMW was driven by Jeremy Clarkson in high-octane Top Gear stunt
Guy Buys BMW With Problems, Finds Out It Was Hooned On Top Gear
Father finds out his £50,000 BMW was used for Top Gear stunt
Donald Trump: British police officers warn about growing ISIS radicalisation in London
Welcome To 93 Aird Ct Video
Hip Hop Mogul Russell Simmons Calls Trump an 'Amazing Friend' Before Comparing Him to Hitler
Babysitter Discovers 'Clown Doll' In Kid's Room Was A Real Person. Raping The Child At Night
North Face Founder Douglas Tompkins Dies In Kayaking Accident In Chile
DC Police search for twerking women
Man Strangles Girlfriend To Death Because She "Wouldn't Make Eye Contact With Him"
To whom it may concern: Please claim your Boeing 747s at Kuala Lumpur airport
Man dressed as Santa breaks into Northeast Fresno medical office
Who's investigating fake Chinese goods? Fake investigators
Gun Advocates Are Planning a Staged Mass Shooting at University of Texas at Austin This Weekend
Mystery man from Baghdad wins $6.4 million Oregon Lottery jackpot
Verizon FiOS TV Exec Admits She Cut the Cord
Shooter kills man, then visits strip club to ease his mind, police say
Report: Woman pretends to be cellmate, gets released by Berkeley jail accidentally
Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler: Comparison newspaper articles
Nearly Two-Thirds of Likely GOP Primary Voters Back Trump's Muslim Ban
Scalia argues black students benefit from 'slower' colleges
Scalia Says Blacks May Do Better at `Slower-Track' Schools
Houston Company Gives Every Employee 100k Bonus
Douchebag pharmaceutical CEO Martin Shkreli purchased Wu-Tang Clan's Once Upon A Time In Shaolin
Muslim forced off London Underground train for using ipad "suspiciously"
My friend's dog is pretty tall also!
"TRUMP IS WHITE ISIS" - The Daily Show
Cybercrime News Results In Cybercrime Blues
Spotted: Bus driver who thinks he is Batman heading for Gotham City
Scott Adams (creator of Dilbert) offers to prevent Donald Trump from winning the presidency for $1 billion
Flame-Spewing Drone Puts Clinton Man In Spotlight Again
Muslim man forced off London Underground after commuter accuses him of acting 'suspiciously' with an iPad
Low speed getaway: police hunt hoverboard-riding Lucozade thief
Facebook user faces 32 years in prison for clicking 'Like'
Summit Ice uses Holocaust puns to sell their jackets
"I fell and penetrated her by accident," millionaire rape suspect Ehsan Abdulaziz claims
Criminal gang is linked to 'fake' hair straighteners seized at Dublin Port
Man rides hoverboard into shop, steals case of Lucozade, rides out again
Ford tells Trump his role as US president in a film 'was just a movie'
Gun rights activists to hold 'fake mass shooting' at Univ. of Texas
Toronto Taxi Drivers Are Comparing Uber to ISIS And Hanging on to Moving Vehicles in Protest
No Charges After Waukegan Alderman Killed Sick Raccoon with Tire Iron
Driver Leaves Scene Of Accident, Gets Turned In By Her Car
Donald Trump attacked by a bald eagle during Time Magazine shoot
Norman Reedus to 'Walking Dead' fans: Don't bite me
Donald Trump narrowly escapes being attacked by a bald eagle on TIME Magazine shoot
The Eerie Beauty of the Hoverboard Lucozade Bandit
Moscow authorities to offer free Wi-Fi at cemeteries
IKEA Will Save the Planet with 3D Printed Meatballs
Gun Rights Group Plans Fake Mass Shooting
Albuquerque girl named 'Isis' reportedly bullied at school
Marquette Township Tree Lighting saved from Grinch
Oxford University professor tries to explain the mysteries of Marvel character Spider-Man
'Captain America: Civil War' Screened For Sony Execs For Spider-Man Clearance
Millionaire property developer accused of raping teenager claims he accidentally fell on top of her
Man asleep inside trash bin survives garbage-truck compactor
Florida man sings his way out of traffic ticket in viral video
'Pharma Bro' Bought Lone Copy Of Wu-Tang Clan Album For $2 Million
Police storm train in Deptford after man's umbrella mistaken for samurai sword
Sponge injection could save the lives of domestic gunshot victims
Insurer now offering "troll insurance" for victims of online harassment
The Daily Mail & Sun are outraged at a BBC children's animation featuring 'Isis toast'
'I fell and penetrated her by accident,' millionaire rape suspect claims in court
Bushwick Man Attacked With Snickers Bar On Times Square Subway Platform
Man surrenders after hearing cops outside storage unit
Wild Krampus demons injure five teenagers in Austria
White supremacist groups credit surging interest to Donald Trump: 'He's certainly creating a movement'
Lollipops to be used to sweeten rowdy revellers in Co. Mayo, Ireland
Lollipops to be distributed outside Mayo nightclubs to reduce rowdiness | BreakingNews.ie
Chipotle will be the safest place to eat
'Walking Dead' star to fans: Don't bite me
An MBTA train left Braintree Station without a driver.
Fire fighters spray foam on wrong plane during engine emergency
Youporn eSports Team Member Banned From Wearing Team Colours
A man using a 'hoverboard' steals a crate of drinks from a London shop
Luxembourg sends 2nd soldier to Mali
Donald Trump is breaking the white supremacist internet: Stormfront forced to upgrade servers to deal with Trump traffic surge
Students at Pennsylvania school want 'Lynch Hall' renamed because of the word 'Lynch'
Study: Texting With Periods Can Make You Seem Insincere
Gun groups move mock mass shooting off Texas campus after warning
A chip shop worker wouldn't give this man a free fish cake - so he pulled a gun on her
The founder of North Face died today in Patagonia.
Donald Trump attacked by American bald eagle
Zombies appear in U.S. oilfields as crude plumbs new lows
Michigan woman pouts after losing gun permit for shooting at shoplifters: 'I will never help anybody again'
Matt Damon is this year's MIT commencement speaker
Voldemort is actually more evil than Donald Trump
Driverless train carrying 50 travels through 4 Boston stops
North Korea's Kim Jong Un sends all-female band to sing in China
Gun activists are planning a horrifying event to protest gun-free areas
Gun Rights Groups Plan Mock Mass Shooting at Texas Uni.
Team YP might enter League of Legends: "There are lots of talented teams we'd love to work with" Team Youporn might enter League of Legends: "There are lots of talented teams we'd Like to work with."
Cops wife caught on tape stealing Christmas presents from porch
Raiders stadium is so decrepit, team uses paper cups to fix leaks
Russian Biker Gang Receives Presidential Grants for Children's Shows
Police: Couple stole toilet paper from church
'Don't mess with Shorty': Mexican cartel boss threatens ISIS over drug trade
Paranoid pot grower surrenders to police... who were not looking for him
Wu Tang's $2m Album Comes With A Bizarre Clause: The Rap Group - Or Bill Murray - Are Entitled To Steal It Back In A Heist
Exclusive: US Neo-Nazi Leader Says Donald Trump 'the Real Deal'
Muslim anti-radicalism activist detained in Texas because airline passengers thought he looked scary
'I fell and penetrated her by accident,' millionaire rape suspect claims
Donald Trump thanks 'respected columnist' Katie Hopkins
Patron sues Flat Top Grill for getting trapped in bathroom and then being attacked by door.
Walmart Announces Walmart Pay For Buying Walmart Stuff With Your Phone (At Walmart)
Millenials Want To Send Troops To Fight ISIS, But Don't Want To Serve.
NFL Executive: It's Unfair To Ask Billionaire Owners To Finance Their Own Stadiums
No Turkish Fabric Means No Anti-Turkish T-shirts
UC Merced mourns stabbing spree attacker Faisal Mohammad, seeks to understand him
Dad, 52, walks out on wife and seven kids to live as a SIX-year-old GIRL
Donald Trump says he wasn't 'really' scared of feisty eagle
Met Éireann rules out any 'Storm Patrick' because name is a 'cliché'
Alleged marijuana grower spooked by helicopter calls 911 to surrender
Iranian woman to be stoned to death as world marks UN 'Human Rights Day'
Ohio State DL Adolphus Washington Busted For Solicitation
Red Line train travels multiple stops without operator
Ronnie Woo Woo just took the mic at a press conference and called for Mayor Emanuel's resignation
Как заработать в интернете
Murder charge withdrawn after baby's brain goes missing
Donald Trump has a plan to win '100 percent' of the black vote and prove he's not a racist
Wu-Tang Clan sell album to Martin Shkrelli for $2m on condition that they, or Bill Murray can steal it back.
Connecticut to Ban Gun Sales to Those on Federal Terrorism Lists
Benjamin Netanyahu's dog Kaiya bites visitors
In San Bernardino Shooting, Patriarchy Pulled the Trigger
Russian supermarket under fire for selling 'monkey Obama' chopping board
Oregon woman gets men to pay her hundreds of dollars for bottles of her urine
Man Robs Supermarket on Hoverboard
Human rights activist's trousers fall down at exact moment president gives him award
Pub warned after DJ played Peppa Pig theme tune when police officers walked in
Taxi driver who clung to UberX says he once drove for Uber
My Talking Tom: Ads asked children if they 'wanna f**k' in Android and iPhone app
Cartel leader threatens war with ISIS
Netanyahu's Dog Bites Two Political Visitors
Football team invades home for frat revenge, pees in fridge, punches wrong guy
Missouri Man Insists Confederate Flag-Noose Combination Hanging Outside Of Home Isn't Racist
Hero organizes mass farting protest in response to gun rights demonstration
Mock Shooting Now Just Near UT Campus Update: Mass farting demonstration planned in response
Stranger Attacks Man With Snickers Bar on Subway
Did J.J. Watt Break His Hand While Jerking Off? [Update]
Police: Lehigh Players Broke Into Wrong House, Assaulted Man, Peed In Fridge
Murder charge dropped after baby's brain lost
CBS Chief Cheers Trump: "Go Donald! Keep Getting Out There!"
Donalds true appearance (X-post from /facepalm)
Landlord claims tenants illegally turned three-bedroom apartment in Queens into 10 bedrooms
Did a beaver burn down a Swedish family home?
Chiapas government and teachers exchange hostages
Ted Cruz wants to nuke the Middle East
Airlines are banning 'hoverboards' after fires trigger safety concerns
Kingston man arrested for public intoxication asks cops to fix him a drink
Commuter train hits operator, travels 5 miles with no operator, while still carrying passengers
Billions of Barrels of Oil Vanish in a Puff of Accounting Smoke
MBTA Investigates After Red Line Train Departed 'Without An Operator'
Gun Advocates Plan Fake Mass Shooting at UT Austin
Alberta firm selling fresh Canadian air in canisters
3 Suspended Over Horse Mix-up After Male Beats Fillies
'World's biggest' drug kingpin El Chapo declares war on ISIS with chilling threat
Mike Tyson proud that he started a face-tattoo trend for 'really weird people'
'Finding Bigfoot' team still can't find Bigfoot
Trump UK ban petition passes 370,000 signatures
US town fears solar farms would 'suck up all the energy from the sun
"Liking" the wrong picture on Facebook can get you 32 years of prison in Thailand
Citadel KKK Controversy: Students To Be Suspended For Wearing White Hood 'Ghost' Costumes
Sale of condoms shoots up in Beijing after smog red alert
Gun-Rights Demonstrators Plan 'Fake Mass Shooting' Near University of Texas
New Mexico Man Arrested For Stealing Mom's Pozole
Bowe Bergdahl: I wanted to be Jason Bourne.
White House: No idea why Americans are buying so many guns
Flying Mattress Causes Accident in Dagsboro, Del
Goodwill Apologizes For Mocking Kanye's Face In Employee Training Materials
[x-post from /r/books] Fictional sex scene lands Egyptian writers in court for breach of public morals
Backpacker barred from renting room by landlord who brands Aussies 'drunk and racist'
Federal Building in New Jersey Evacuated After Toy Aircraft is Found
Long Past Thanksgiving, Burnt Sweet Potatoes Vex Small Town
Intruder dies in chimney after homeowner lights fire
Gun rights groups plan to stage mock mass shooting at UT-Austin
State confiscates 93-pound Petoskey stone from Michigan man
A Hoverboard Crime Wave Is Coming to Your City and No One Can Get Away
Taser Employees Hit iTunes To 'Troll' Documentary That Probes Suspect Killings
Deputies: 11-foot alligator killed accused burglar hiding in pond
ISIS leader named runner-up for Time magazine's Person of the Year.
Putin's Favorite Biker Gang Gets Millions of Rubles to Put on Kids' Show
Springfield sex offender Long Dinh Duong, arrested on 6 new charges, still on probation for 2012 indecent assault
Police surround bus after reports of passenger 'with sword or machete' - but weapon turns out to be umbrella
Papa Murphy's Employee Admits Rubbing Scrotum On Pizza Was 'Stupid'
China anti-counterfeiting agents make many of the fakes themselves - report
18-month-old baby yanked from airplane for being on no-fly list
Hottest Gynecologist Make Women To Flock Together To Get A Check Up
School bans out-of-control game of tag
'American Sniper' widow beats NRA champ in shooting competition
UKIP councillor insists 'lots' of people believe gays will cause the apocalypse
KKK propaganda found in Arab for the second time in months
Fictional sex scene lands Egyptian writers in court for breach of public morals
Coconut Fight Erupts In Westside Traffic; 2 Injured
Japanese company offers sliced chocolate
Cheetahs Stationed on South African Air Base Attack Officer
'Troll insurance' to cover the cost of internet bullying
Chubb to offer UK 'troll insurance' policy
Death of Michigan woman attacked by two dogs deemed a suicide
Hawaii: Coconut Fight Erupts In Westside Traffic - 2 Injured
Paris Hilton Is Better At Business Than Donald Trump Is
1-year-old finds bag of meth at Walmart
Amazon Prime Now Offers One-Hour Alcohol Delivery Service In Manhattan
Cruz on national security: Dictators OK, gun control not
Almost half of Apple Watch owners have used their nose to operate the device
Couple takes pics of Star Wars figure they bought, gets DMCA notice from Lucasfilm
Nude Oregon man caught taking pictures of wheat
Connecticut to ban gun sales to people on watch lists: governor
Was Jesus White? Met Museum Hit With Suit Arguing Caucasian Christ Is Discriminatory
Meet the 52 Year-Old Father Who Identifies As a 6 Year-Old Girl
Transwoman Stefonknee Wolscht Lives Life "as a Six Year Old Girl"
Man kills 11-month-old daughter over missing soap bar
El Chapo tells ISIS his men will destroy them
Swan Road at Speedway Boulevard back open after suspicious object found [Tucson]
Al-Qaida Urged Its Followers to Take Advantage of U.S. Gun Laws
Bennie Stickley, a 75-year-old in Gilbertville, Iowa, who retired from a John Deere factory, said he was supporting Mrs. Clinton but agrees with Mr. Trump's proposal to bar Muslims. "I'm for him on that," he said. "We shouldn't be letting those people into the country," he added.
Convicted of selling heroin, Falls man says he was trying to make a difference in his role as Totes McGoats
Gun-rights protesters are planning a 'fake mass shooting' near the University of Texas
Fascist sounding Trump Hating website wants you to report people if they haven't hated Trump enough. It then puts them on a public list in a McCarthylike public database. No word on what it does if you report a Muslim who hasn't expressed enough hatred of Trump.
Celeb Mistakes Chinook for Climate Change
No, Zuma, Africa is not the largest continent on the planet
Drug lord 'El Chapo' threatens to destroy ISIS in e-mail
2 high school students jailed over saggy pants
52-YEAR OLD DAD WALKS OUT ON FAMILY OF SEVEN TO LIVE AS A SIX-YEAR OLD GIRL
52-year old dad walks out on family of seven to live as a six year old
Time Magazine releases footage of bald eagle named Uncle Sam attacking Donald Trump
Students Demand School Rename 'Lynch Hall' For Being Offensive.
52 Year Old Transgender AND Transager Lives As A SIX YEAR OLD GIRL (VIDEO)
Naked Oregon man found in Kansas wheat field told: Go back to 'liberal' home
UK: "I am Muslim, do you trust me enough for a hug?" faces jail for bomb threat
Tennessee school wins right to ban gays and women who've had sex: 'This is who we are'
Donald Trump Farcist, Not Facist
Video Shows Man on Hoverboard Steal Case of Sports Drinks
VIDEO: Listen to the deafening drilling that kept hundreds of Bristol residents up at 4am
Of COURSE Canada has a maple syrup mafia...
Music tutor banned for whipping out his bondage gear and spanking paddles, telling a pupil: 'Everyone's a bit gay'
Bill Murray Is Legally Allowed To Steal Wu Tang Album From Martin Shkreli
University of Texas Task Force Recommends Allowing Concealed Guns in Class
Chinese tourist unwittingly swipes life jacket as 'souvenir' from Cathay Pacific flight, fined HK$2,000
Man arrested for magic mushroom offences provides the happiest mugshot ever
Mainland woman fined HK$2,000 for stealing life jacket as 'souvenir' from Cathay flight
Petition to ban Trump from UK passes 300K, could be debated in Parliament
Teflon Rahmon: Tajik President Getting 'Leader' Title, Lifelong Immunity
Scientists invent urine-powered smart socks inspired by fish hearts
Man infiltrated federal police HQ allegedly armed with knives in security breach
Handsome Men Overlooked for Competitive Jobs
Father leaves family to live new life as a 6 year old girl
Moscow graveyards upgraded to include free Wi-Fi
Barbecues Are Now Hackable Thanks to Ever-Evolving Technology
Texas grandmother, 81, smashes beer mile, says she could have 'run a lot faster' drinking scotch
Texas company gives all of it's employees a $100,000 bonus
Atheist's home attacked for being too Muslim
Adele crowned best live act of the year without performing a live concert
Police: Man Pulls Gun, Robs Pizza Delivery Drivers For Taking Too Long
Researchers Have Made Socks That Use Urine to Create Electricity
Transgender father Stefonknee Wolschtt leaves family in Toronto to start new life as six-year-old girl
Korean girl group Oh My Girl members misidentified as sex workers, detained at U.S. airport - The Korea Observer
Report of an attempted abduction in Bloomington turned out to be an elderly man looking for his lost hat.
Pig who jumped off truck going to slaughterhouse gives birth to nine healthy piglets
FBI Forces 18-Month-Old TODDLER To Be Removed From Airplane For Being On No-Fly List
Hundreds of Cheeses Stolen from Dutch Dairy Farms
Pequannock cops looking for motorcyclist who taunts them with wheelies
Oh My Girl members misidentified as sex workers, detained at U.S. airport - The Korea Observer
Tokyo's drone squad will deploy 10-foot drones armed with nets to police the sky
Handsome men are discriminated against in our society
'The Martian' Snags 3 Golden Globe Nominations, Including 'Best Comedy'
AS TRUMP RISES, CLINTON PREACHES LOVE AND KINDNESS
Drone squad to be launched by Tokyo police
Man Attacks Bushwick Artist With Partially Eaten Chocolate Bar
Local Imam says he was forced to resign because he agrees with Trump Muslim immigration ban.
'Britain's biggest cat' is addiced
Woman Who Shot at Home Depot Shoplifters Vows to Never Help Anyone Again
American Nazi Party Chairman: Trump's Muslim Ban Is Unrealistic
St. Louis teen Bud Weisser arrested for trespassing at Budweiser brewery
K-Pop group Oh My Girl detained at LA airport on suspicion of being sex workers
Man hits deer with car, does some meth, pursues deer, kills friends
Octogenarian Hospitalized After Bedazzling Vagina With Granddaughter's Arts and Crafts Kit.
$700 million mine-hunting drone can't find explosives
Music teacher who showed his bondage kit to a 17-year-old former pupil and sent him messages urging him to dump his girlfriend and come out as gay is banned from the classroom
The Prophet Mohammed had British values - so the only way to combat extremism is to teach more Islam in schools | Voices
Weigh Less, Pay Less: Whole Foods Offers Discount Based On BMI
'Britain's biggest cat' is addicted to Big Macs and weighs 1.5 stone
Skinny jeans & underwear making our women infertile, says Gambia's President Jammeh
Tokyo police are using drones with nets to catch other drones
Donald Trump Wants Bill Gates To 'Close That Internet Up'
Goats Singing Christmas Carols Is The Holiday Album You Didn't Know You Needed
Lana Del Rey Was Ready to Record a Bond Song, But No One Asked
Benjamin Netanyahu's Dog Bites Guests at Hannukah Party
Man kills daughter over beef ban, sentenced to death
Tokyo's solution to rogue drones? Drones with nets
New littoral combat ship name sparks anger - CNNPolitics.com
Americans like Muslims more than they like Donald Trump
Brawl in the Ukranian parliament as man attempts to drag Prime Minister away from podium
Albuquerque man arrested after stealing mom's traditional New Mexican stew
Najib is PM because Allah chose him, Jerlun MP tells assembly
Fargo Teen's Assault Rifle Senior Portrait Banned, Dad Gets Pissed
Emoji-filled email from third grader prompts Pueblo school scare
Nicki Minaj -- Meek Doesn't Do Drugs ... His Pee is Just Deceiving
USS Jackson: Choice of name for Navy ship sparks criticism
[‎12/‎11/‎2015 1:16 PM] Richard M. Hagen: actual headline: Buffalo Wild Wings has created a limited time only wing sauce collaboration with Mountain Dew.
Syria imposes shawarma 'sandwich tax' among raft of measures to pay for war
North Face founder dies from hypothermia while kayaking
Man gives Ukraine's Prime Minister flowers then picks him up by his crotch
The Dead To Perform Two Exclusive Shows With Holographic Jerry Garcia
Gwinnett teacher asks Muslim student if she has a bomb
Indian Hill loses baby Jesus
Tokyo to Catch Bad Drones Using Bigger Drones with Giants Nets
Buffalo Wild Wings Unveils Mountain Dew Flavored Wings
Buffalo Wild Wings Unveils New Mountain Dew Flavored Wings
Crash that killed Lakeville students a direct result of Nerf Wars
Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu criticizes Trump's Islamophobia
Syrian regime decides to tax shawarma sandwiches to pay for costly war
Natures Promise Edamame Recalled for Undeclared Soy
Hot Cheetos Meet Federal Guidelines for Healthy 'Smart Snack' for Children
In hot-mic moment, Supreme Court justices laugh at protesters
Russia can't make anti-Turkish t-shirts because the fabric comes from Turkey
WaPo: 'Foul! Charles Barkley whistles CNN for turrible Donald Trump coverage.'
American Nazi Party Head Says Trump Going Too Far
Thai Military Junta to charge hundreds more with lèse majesté for pressing 'like' on Facebook
'I do not want to be an adult right now' - Transgender father (52) leaves family to live life as six-year-old girl
Dad wants principal fired after son's gun-toting yearbook photo rejected
Guy Casually Robs a Store on a Hoverboard Like It's No Big Deal
Junta to charge hundreds more with lèse majesté for pressing 'like' on Facebook
Anti-vaxxer's baby hospitalised with whooping cough
K-Pop singers mistaken for sex workers
MC FLOTUS: Michelle Obama raps to encourage college attendance
Wee-fi: urine-powered socks can send message in emergency
IKEA Monkey Living Comfortably Since Becoming an Internet Meme
California Will Get 'Bathroom Police' If 'Privacy' Measure Passes, Critics Fear
Taylor Swift is an 'elitist Nazi Barbie', says feminist icon Camille Paglia
Oh My Girl: K-pop band detained at Los Angeles airport on suspicion of being sex workers, agency says
Colorado restaurant evacuated because a waitress saw a member of the band playing there tonight carrying a mic stand and thought it was a gun.
Pee-powered socks generate emergency electricity
This One New Car Feature Might Leave You Stuck at the Car Wash
Cultural critic calls Taylor Swift a 'Nazi Barbie'
Gambia: Gambia's President Says Gambian Women Are Unable To Produce Babies Because Of Western Dress Style; As Jammeh Faults Western Tight Trousers And Underwear!
Buffalo Wild Wings to introduce Mountain Dew-infused wing sauce
Scientists unveil urine-powered wearable energy generator
Women no longer accepted at homeless shelter after "sex problem"
Insurance firm to offer cyclists cheaper car insurance - because they're better drivers
Bay Area man posts dingy shack on Airbnb and makes hundreds within a week
Buffalo Wild Wings is making a Mountain Dew wing sauce for Millennials
Ranchers denied the drought while collecting drought subsidies
Shoplifting On Hoverboards Is the Future of Lazy Crime
Kadıköy Evden Eve Nakliyat - Öz Azimoğlu Nakliyat ( 05322190724
Taylor Swift labelled an 'obnoxious Nazi Barbie' by leading feminist Camille Paglia
What the "value of D?"
NY regulators trying to figure out the "value of D"
Buffalo herd creating road hazard on Highway 35 in Saskatchewan
Mauled woman's fiancé doesn't believe she wanted dogs to kill her
Priest paid his male 'sex master' from collection plate: lawsuit
Snake found slithering inside Toronto-area high school photocopier
Camille Paglia rips Taylor Swift for 'Nazi Barbie routine,' frenzy follows
My local news thinks they're real funny. Man sentenced to life for beating death
Police swept the scene and said the man had a backpack, not a gun.
Woodland rejects solar farm
Disney drops-then doubles down on-DMCA claim over Star Wars figure pic
Police officer arrested for dealing drugs on duty, in uniform, in marked police car.
'Britain's biggest cat' enjoys eating Big Macs and weighs 1.5 stone
Harvard-Educated Lobbyist Who's Worked for Every Branch of Government Runs for President as Outsider
Monster cat called Mighty Ginge loves eating Big Macs and weighs 1.5 stone
Enormous Cat Makes Everyone Who Knows Him Seem Tiny
Glendale High grad sues district over 'extremely intense' water polo practices
K-pop girl band detained at LA airport as suspected sex workers
Ukraine MP's brawl after exchange of roses
Petition to send Donald Trump into Space and Leave Him There.
Can a mass farting drown out gun nuts?
NFL played waived after fighting with teammate for not getting free Beats by Dre.
Authorities At LAX Mistook K-Pop Group For Sex Workers, Agency Says
Immigrant Workers Who Make Trump Hats Thank Him for Opportunity share this Immigrant Workers Who Make Trump Hats Thank Him for Opportunity
Taylor Swift wants to trademark the year of her birth
Immigrant Workers Who Make Trump Hats Thank Him for Opportunity
Netanyahu's dog, Israel's 'first canine' quarantined for biting Hannukah guests
Sandwich tax helps pay for costly war in Syria
Netanyahu's dog, Israel's 'first canine' quarantined for biting Hanukkah guests
Alberta selling canned air
Syrian refugees successfully integrate into Canadian culture, already hate Toronto
Cops Find "Wad" Of Cash, Drugs Inside Alaskan
Protesters Target "Illegal Pete's" Opening Over Its Controversial Name
Gun groups agree to move mock mass shooting event off University of Texas campus
Woman Fed Up With Waiting at the DMV Kicks Cop in the Nuts
Researchers Have Developed Socks That Generate Electricity Using Urine
Thief uses hoverboard to steal energy drinks
Taylor Swift makes 'Swiftmas' trademark bid
Large Herd Of Buffalo Running Loose Near Tisdale, Saskatchewan
Nazi Party Leader: Trump's Anti-Muslim plan is ill-conceived
Damontre Moore cut after fight when he didn't get free headphones
Father/Son Duo Arrested For Stealing $41,000 Worth Of Chicken Wings Then Selling Them On The Street
Asteroid impact helped create the birds we know today
Father-son duo attempts to resell $41,000 worth of chicken wings after stealing them from Syracuse restaurant
TIL about the stonedd ape theory.Theory that early primates climed down from the trees,and ate low doses of psilocybe cubensis mushrooms,and helped homosapiens evolve at a rapid pace.
Father, son arrested for allegedly selling $41K in stolen chicken wings
Janis Joplin's psychedelic Porsche sold for $ 1.8m
Serious Bassist Needed for Creed/Nickelback Cover Band
Will Smith: I may be forced to run for president
Skynet squad: Tokyo deploys drone interceptors armed with nets
Tokyo invents drone with a net to catch other drones in the air.
'Footloose High:' Manchester Students Decry Dance Battle Ban
Dad kills cobra with bare hands to avenge son's death
Thief hides in restaurant pigs out on 6 geese and 3 ducks...and a 4 liter jar of pickles, 6 kilos of goose fat and liver, poppy seeds and butter and several bottles of wine only to be caught in the morning.
Woman Tries To Rob Tulsa Convenience Store With Metal Stake
Thief Hides in Restaurant, Eats Unbelievable Feast.
Officers: Dewar kidnapping victim forced to clean, do laundry
Jobless Chinese Man Joins Fight Against ISIS After Girlfriend Breaks Up With Him
The World's First Lara Croft Look-alike Sex Doll Released! Life-size and realistic, a true work of art!
Hidden iPhone feature tracks your every move
Fidel Castro: Russia and China Will Do Everything to Ensure Peace on Earth
Police: Florida man kills bicyclist in hit-and-run while 'distracted' by oral sex from passenger
Buffalo Wild Wings partners with Mountain Dew to release new wing flavor
Husband and father-of-seven, 52, leaves his wife and kids to live as a transgender SIX-YEAR-OLD girl named Stefonknee
Play Doh Stuff Burger Set Making | Chicken Burger, Chicken Nuggets Frenc...
Quảng Cáo Trên Facebook Giá Rẻ - Đại Lý Cấp 1 Facebook
Authorities crack down on student monopoly of library seating
Cops track burglary suspect after recognizing the hot dog the suspect was seen eating in security footage
Saudi holds first ever election open to women
Australia to open first hang-over clinic just in time for the silly season
Australia opens first hangover clinic
K-pop girl band Oh My Girl 'mistaken' for sex workers at Los Angeles airport
91-year-old woman dies in Portugal after choking during a sex act
Trans Man Leaves Family to Become 6 Year Old Girl
After 68 years, a Syrian great-grandmother comes home... to her Jewish family in Israel
Chinese woman charged with trying to bribe US customs officer with sex
Lowell Firm That Makes Bulletproof Backpacks Sees Business Grow
Thai anti Corruption officer faces defamation charges for naming senior officers in people trading affair.
Set To Take Over Tech: 70% Of Iran's Science And Engineering Students Are Women
Rand Paul: I'm Only Polling Bad Because Trump Gets All The Attention
Uber cab driver helps woman give birth in his car, Driver names the baby 'Uber'
Michigan woman who shot at shoplifters gets 18 months probation, vows to 'never help anybody again'
Hundreds of activists 'demand' that Adele give all of her money to black people
Shakespeare armed himself and a band of actors with daggers and swords to steal a WHOLE THEATRE and re-build it as The Globe, court document from 1601 reveals
Knife Attack At Art Show Mistaken For Performance Art
Girl band arrested at airport after being mistaken for sex workers when authorities searched luggage
CCTV appeal after man rides hoverboard into shop and 'takes crate of Lucozade without paying'
South African President: Africa Is the World's Biggest Continent and All Other Continents Could Fit Inside
Transgender father-of-7 leaves family, lives as a 6-year-old girl
Socks filled with urine will help charge your smartphone
Kids cancer fundraiser deemed microaggression by Kansas BLM protesters
South African President Jacob Zuma: 'All Continents Put Together Will Fit into Africa'
how i turned a email clipart into a patch ( badge ) super quick
ACLU Board Member Resigns After Urging People To Kill Supporters Of Trump
Bicycle 'should win Nobel Peace Prize'
Flock alleges priest used donations to pay for sex master, N.J. house, report says
Darth Vader lives (in Ukraine)
Storm Desmond named in BT Sport SPFL team of the week
Transgender father leaves family who rejected him to live as a six-year-old girl
Student Protesters Claim That a Fundraiser for Kids with Cancer Was a Microaggression
Chinese Hockey Player Banned for Life After Stabbing Opponent in the Face With His Stick
ISIS cashing in on selling plundered antiquities to fund terror
K-pop group Oh My Girl mistaken for prostitutes, detained at LAX for 15 hours
Martin Shkreli's doing it again.
Facebook User in Thailand Facing 32 Years in Prison for Liking Something on Facebook
Thailand has an aircraft carrier without any aircraft
DNA Reports Confirms Meryl Streep is Future's Biological Mother
Woman 'distraught' after deer eats £400 bouquet on grave
Sarah Palin Bans Muslims from Entering Bristol Palin
15 year old buys a plane ticket for herself, a 13 year old friend, and 11 year old brother and flies on Southwest without their parents knowing
Alberta company selling Rocky mountain air online
Egyptian Judge Postpones Trial Because 739 Defendants Won't Fit Inside Courtroom Cage
Denver Craigslist ad threatens formation of Creed cover band
NC town rejects solar farms out of fear they would "suck up all the energy from the sun."
Controversial YouTuber Sam Pepper pledges to delete YouTube channel - for $1.5M in donations
L.A. Now California: This just in LOCAL L.A. Now K-pop group denied entry at LAX on suspicion of being sex workers, band says
'Transgender' Father Abandons 7 Children to Become '6-Year-Old Girl'
K-pop group denied entry at LAX on suspicion of being sex workers, band says L.A. Now California: This just in LOCAL L.A. Now K-pop group denied entry at LAX on suspicion of being sex workers, band says
46-Year-Old Trans Woman Starts New Life As A 6-Year-Old Girl
Donald Trump is a disgrace to his country, says billionaire Saudi prince
Man threatens to cut off his girlfriend's head and place it on a stick in front of his mother's house.
Two Teens Were Sentenced to 48 Hours in Jail for Wearing Saggy Pants
DAILY NEWSNew YorkNewsPoliticsSportsEntertainmentOpinionLivingAutos American Nazi Party head doubts Donald Trump's Muslim ban would work
In Agra, 12,000 appear for BEd exam but 20,000 pass
Email to Cardinal details 'pee drinking' priest's alleged affair
Thai man arrested for liking and sharing picture on Facebook
Mum-of-three going blind after drinking 28 cans of Red Bull every day
Taylor Swift wants to trademark the year 1989.
Barnaby Joyce releases joint statement with Santa Claus
Bicyclist killed by Blue Line train had been injured before at same station
Drunk Conor McGregor Fans Fight On Vegas-Bound Plane, Force It Back To JFK
Tell-Tale Hot Dog Bun Gives Away Burglary Suspects, Says Ferndale Police Department
Dermatologist accused of sexual assault says he is too fat, and his manhood too small
Chinese sign 'cop' can expect abuse
Zimbabwean President, Condemned by West, Is Selected for Chinese Peace Prize
Pro-Gun Group Stages Fake Shooting In Texas To Push Firearm Rights
Church Faces Criminal Charges Over Worship Services
Texas Protesters Hold 'Mass Farting' to Counter Pro-Gun Group's Fake Mass Shooting
K-Pop Girl Group Detained at LAX Because Customs Thought They Were Sex Workers
Cops: NY man smoking pot parked in 'Police Cars Only' spot .
Transgender father-of-7 leaves family, lives life as a 6-year-old girl
China is replacing police dogs with these 'sharp, keen, and brave' animals
Trump Adviser Accidentally Tweets Pic Of Legs While Attacking Ted Cruz
These Socks Get power from Urine to Send Wireless Signals to PC
Chinese Man Joins Fight Against ISIS After Girlfriend Breaks Up
20,000 people expected for equality march, only 13 turned up
The most (and least) healthy states
Ring of Sailors Secretly Filmed Nude Female Crewmembers for Months; Called It 'Capturing Pokémon'
Wrestling Fans Start Petition To Remove Donald Trump From The WWE Hall Of Fame
Easy New Gene Editing Technique CRISPR Conjures Fears of a Brave New World
Trump's hyped claim that he called for rubbing out bin Laden in 2000
Upstate NY man caught smoking pot in 'Police Cars Only' parking spot
Gabourey Sidibe Enjoys Sex Scenes.
Man Faces 32 Years for Liking Facebook Photo
Man Faces 32 Years For 'Liking' Facebook Post
North Carolina town plagued by smell of burning sweet potatoes after fire
Rush Limbaugh cooperating with the Feds to protect his property from climate change beach erosion.
Donald Trump Says EPA Water Regulations Are Hurting His Hair
DJ in trouble after playing Peppa Pig theme as police walked in
Donald Trump: I have trouble washing my hair because of EPA regulations
Donald Trump's Latest Feud is with a Prince
India: Baby boy born in Uber cab in Delhi named after firm
NC Town Rejects Solar Farm As Resident Fears It Would 'Suck Up All The Energy From The Sun'
Suicide jumper lands on pedestrian
Camille Paglia thinks Taylor Swift is a 'Nazi Barbie'
Baby born in Uber cab, named after firm
Dog Vs Snake real fight to death Animals attack
UFO truthers want to make Roswell an issue for 2016. Meet their lobbyist.
K-pop group denied entry at LAX on suspicion of being sex workers.
clip hot-Hai thanh niên so lô với nhau ai thắng ai thua 2015
How Do You React When Someone Robs You? Apologize For Your 'White Supremacy,' Of Course!
UK citizens may soon need licenses to photograph some stuff they already own
Former commissioner Tom Collins arrested for DUI
'Good without God': Nebraska atheists take over nativity to promote tolerance
Transgender woman leaves wife and 7 kids to live as a 6-year-old girl
Transgender father Stefonknee Wolschtt (52) leaves family to live life as six-year-old girl
Police follow liquid left by car to arrest shooting suspect
This Spray Can Make Everything You Own Smell Like A Cat's Head
Woodland solar farm because "the solar farms would suck up all the energy from the sun and businesses would not come to Woodland"
Austinites turn out in droves for anti-gun 'mass farting' protest
POT-LACED BROWNIES BROUGHT TO SCHOOL LOUNGE; TEACHERS SICK
Cops enter wrong house, shoot dog, innocent man, then another cop.
Cold storage workers burn 10 quintals of red chilli waste in open, 100 hospitalized
Diplomat denies black magic defecation
Woman charged with attempted murder for failed abortion
Essex man suffering from hypospadias thought he was the only man in the world with a one-inch penis
Nikes banned from Newtown bar amid claims the sneakers are favoured by drug dealers.
Box of feces found at Korean Consulate General in Yokohama
Lionel Richie wants Adele to give Hello back
A town that is not cartoon Springfield rejected solar farms for the following (stupid) reasons
Woman's Remarkable Vagina Hid 54 Bags of Heroin
'I thought I was Australian': Brisbane man on his deportation to Chile
Student Protesters - Cancer Fundraiser 'Microaggression' for Occuring Simultaneous with Protest
Lulu's Inn evacuated after mic stand mistaken for gun
Gunman shot, killed at Walmart
Tokyo Police to Deploy Net-Carrying Drone to Catch Rogue Drones
US town rejects solar panels amid fears they 'suck up all the energy from the sun'
Mock Shootings, Sex Toys Mark UT Gun Protests
West Point Bans Cadet Pillow Fights After 30 Injured
Japan is using an interceptor drone to hunt down other drones
Taylor Swift tries to trademark the terms "1989" and "blank space', among others
Taylor Swift files trademark for the term "1989", among others
Donald Trump Thinks Scalia's Comments on Black Students Went Too Far
Maine man's ISIS themed Christmas display features a urinating Santa Clause, deemed acceptable by local authorities
Trump hits Scalia over comments on black students
A US town has rejected a proposal for a solar farm following public concerns that solar panels 'suck up all the energy from the sun'
Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton 'killed hundreds of thousands of people with her stupidity'
Jews for Jesus Denounces Vatican for 'No Converting Jews' Policy
Man crashes car after drink driving, decides to hide from the police in a nativity scene
Police Shoot Homeowner and Kill His Dog After Showing Up at Wrong House
Mississippi man died of natural causes at home where half-naked teen ran screaming
12 Undocumented Aliens Crammed Into Fake Border Patrol Vehicle Caught by Real Border Patrol Agent
Town Refuses Solar Panels Because They Will 'Suck Up All The Energy From The Sun' And 'Cause Cancer'
Leftist open borders activist stabbed in Dresden by refugees.
Ⓜ Фиксики Новые Серии, Опыт Изменения пространства , Смотреть Фиксики 2...
6-Foot Penis-Shaped Christmas Light Display Angers Williamsburg Neighbors
12 undocumented immigrants crammed into fake border patrol vehicle caught by real border patrol agent
tribal council banned the wearing of pants by women [...] as a form of respect to [a deceased person]
South African soap star gets harassed by women sending him nude selfies
Trump: My Muslim friends don't support my Muslim ban into US.
North Carolina town rejects solar because it'll suck up sunlight and kill the plants
Train Leaves Station Without Operator, Passes 4 Stations
Study finds that lies are more convincing when told while fighting the urge to urinate
Accused man set to make 'legal history' with hoverboard charge
Trump: My Muslim friends don't support my immigration ban
Man who 'rode hoverboard into shop and stole Lucozade' set to make legal history
Drunk driver hides from police in nativity scene
Boy dies after eating restaurant's pancakes
Hoverboards: Police make first arrest under new laws passed in October
They were afraid the solar panels would "soak up all the sun"...
Pizza Hut Chief Now Says 'Easy' Beats 'Better'
News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGDONALD TRUMPFLOODSSYRIA BOMBINGISISTERRORISM Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News World news ISIS ISIS orders killing of children with Down's Syndrome in latest sickening attack on the innocent
Texas Plumber Whose Truck Was Featured in Jihadi Video Says His Life Was Ruined
Teacher Hospitalized After Eating Pot Brownie Left in Staff Lounge
Donald Trump: The problem with Ted Cruz is he's 'a bit of a maniac'
michigan teacher dropped, kicked student
Crews extinguish Aquarium fire with help of Santa Claus
Report: Port Huron teacher dropped, kicked student
US town rejects solar farm after residents say it would suck up all the sunlight
Man faces up to 32 years in prison for liking Facebook picture
Texas Protesters Hold 'Mass Farting' March During Staged Mass Shooting
Woodland, NC, Rejects Solar Farms Because They 'Suck Up All The Energy From The Sun'
Is Google Making Us Stupid?
Paranoid Weed Grower Reportedly Calls 911 on Himself After Hearing Helicopter
The Lowly Billboard Gets a Makeover
Pot-laced brownie sends Michigan teacher to hospital
North Carolina citizenry defeat pernicious Big Solar plan to suck up the Sun
Police: Marijuana grower panics when he hears helicopter, turns self in
7th grader's 'Star Wars' T-shirt banned because storm trooper was holding a weapon
Town worries solar panels will suck up all of the sun's energy
Korean Pop Group Detained at LAX, Mistaken for 'Sex Workers': Agency
Seventh grader wearing Star Wars t-shirt is told by school administrators that it is BANNED 'because it has a gun on it'
Santa helps with evacuation during fire at Living Planet Aquarium
17-year-old boy dies in front of friends playing one-man game of Russian roulette
Texas City plumber files lawsuit after ISIS was seen using his old truck
Woman accused of confining adopted daughter in chicken coop sentenced to 190 years
NC Town Rejects Solar Farm Because They 'Suck Up All The Energy From The Sun'
Money meant for Islamic State group found in dirty laundry by witness's mother, Sydney court hears
Sydney mother found $US9000 intended for Islamic State in son's shorts, court told
The employees shut inside coffins
K-Pop Group Denied Entry To The U.S After Being Mistaken for Sex Workers.
Vandals Damage Facebook's German Headquarters With 'Dislike' Spray
Yonkers man: A&P overcharged candy by at least $1.87
An 11-year-old girl delivered the baby on her own - and then went to school as normal.
North Carolina town rejects solar farm because citizens think panels will 'suck up all the energy from the sun'
K-pop band Oh My Girl mistaken for sex workers in Los Angeles
The Doctors Whose Patients Are Already Dead
Book On Stoicism Has Become Widely Read In NFL
North Carolina town rejects solar farm,says they "suck up all the energy from the sun"
A Forensic Anthropologist Used Science to Draw the Most Realistic Jesus Ever
US town rejects solar farm because it will 'suck up all the sun'
The Landmark 6 - tòa căn hộ thông minh với tầm nhìn độc đáo
Ohio calls police on himself because he is "too high."
5 things you didn't know about satanists - CNN.com
Last WW2 German prisoner finally released from gulag.
'I've gone back to being a child': Husband and father-of-seven, 52, leaves his wife and kids to live as a transgender SIX-YEAR-OLD girl named Stefonknee
Town rejects solar panels for sucking 'up all the energy from the sun'
North Carolina town rejects solar farm after claims that it would suck up all the sunlight
Early Christmas for pyromaniacs A holiday tradition like no other: Giant Icelandic IKEA goat burns to the ground
Goat goes up in flames
Thief saves victim from being killed by train
Why I can't stop putting dildos into the hands of powerful conservatives
These Male Porn Stars Are Straight - But They Have Sex With Men for a Living
US town rejects installation of solar panels for fear it will drain sunlight
Ohio Replaces Lethal Injection With Humane New Head Ripping Off Machine
This Thai man has been sentenced to 32 years in jail for liking a Facebook picture
A gun lobby's mock mass shooting was upstaged by a mass farting protest
Rachel Dolezal Says she Lost 3/5 of her Friends After Pretending she was Black
US town blocks solar farm over fears it would "suck up all the energy from the Sun"
Sparks fly in Bradford as Tory Councillors Fight Toaster Ban
The perfect crime? Man allegedly robbed store on hoverboard
[X-post from /r/Texas] - Dallas plumber files lawsuit after ISIS was seen using his old truck
No Turkish fabric to make anti-Turkish T-shirts, say Russian designers
Dallas plumber files lawsuit after ISIS seen using his old truck
North Carolina town rejects solar farm on the basis that 'it would suck up all the energy from the sun'
Police in Tampa Florida think they solved gun violence by holding a gun "buyback" event and allowing people to sell back home made wooden "guns," broken guns, and potato guns.
Jump to Navigation NATIONAL North Carolina Town Rejects Solar Farm Over Fears It Would 'Suck Up All The Energy From The Sun'
Many Iraqis already want out of Finland - "I'm dying on the inside here"
Office Mumbai - Commercial Property Hub
mouth sores las vegas
Chinese censors are scrubbing sites of mentions of North Korean girl band
Texas Imam Forced to Resign from Leadership Position Because He SUPPORTS Trump's Temporary Ban on Muslim Immigration
Bras are quickly losing women's support
Suicide jumper lands on elderly woman
Museum to rename any artworks with offensive titles
Woman Stabbed while Visiting Florida Nudist Colony
Egyptian officials unsurprisingly confirm downing of Russian jet not terrorist related.
Rubio cites Elvis impersonators to explain gay marriage opposition
NHS teams up with Tinder to promote organ donation
North Carolina Town Rejects Solar Farm Because They "Suck Up All The Energy From The Sun"
US town rejects solar panels saying they suck energy from sun
Bill would prevent airlines from imposing bathroom fee
Luxembourg will double its military presence in Mali by sending a second soldier
US town rejects solar farm amid worries it would "suck up all the energy from the Sun"
Police: Grandma wore fake beard to sneak into school
Mcdonalds exposed for using human meat
3-Bedroom Apartment Transformed Into 10-Bedroom Airbnb Hostel
Tenants Transformed Their 3-Bedroom Apartment Into 10 Bedrooms To Rent
UK's NHS hooks up with dating app Tinder on organ donations
Former MLB MVP has an insane plan to Terraform Mars
Plumber sues Ford dealer after truck with company logo was used by extremists in Syria
School principal bans Santa, Thanksgiving and Pledge of Allegiance
Secret US Policy Blocks Agents From Looking at Social Media of Visa Applicants, Former Official Says
Leodora: Golfers refuse to let terrorism stop the swings
China: Diners charged 'air cleaning fee'
Jedi church says new Star Wars film leading to boom in followers
Elon Musk worries third World War would ruin Mars mission
Solar Farm Rejected After Fears It Will 'Suck Up All The Sun'
A NY Priest Paid His Hot "Sex Master" from the Collection Plate
Amazon pulls 'hoverboards' from sale after machines burst into flames
Solar Farm Rejected Amid Fears It Will 'Suck Up The Sun's Energy'
Thai Man Could Face Jail Time for Defaming King's Dog
Solar Farm Rejected Amid Fears It Will 'Suck Up The Sun'
Community rejects solar farm, worried it will "suck up the sun's energy"
Trump: I can't wash my hair properly because of water regs
Serena Williams took a taxi to the finish line in her own 5K
Dwayne "the Rock" Johnson's Pregnant Girlfriend Hopes "Bid Daddy Doesn't Equal 20-Pound Baby"
SexFit, the world's first penis pedometer, has hit the market
NC town rejects solar panels for sucking 'up all the energy from the sun'
Banksy's Latest Piece Puts Steve Jobs In A Syrian Refugee Camp
[France stabbing update] French teacher invented the attack
A Bar Banned People From Wearing Air Max Sneakers Because Drug Dealers Wear Them
Toronto mall has younger, thinner 'Fashion Santa'
NC Town Rejects Solar Farm, Saying They Suck Up Sun's Energy
Luke Skywalker, the jihadist.
Grown men now love Justin Bieber's music, too
Man Faces Up To 32 Years in Jail For Liking & Sharing Photo on Facebook
Say goodbye to 'VAGINA' ladies, there's now a new word for your front bottom
Hasidic Jew Beats Cross-Dressing Howard Stern Guest, Shouting 'I'm going to cut off your schmeckle'
Denmark passes law to seize jewelry from refugees to cover expenses
Just when you thought neither could get any more obnoxious.....Kourtney Kardashian, Justin Bieber Hooking Up - He's Bragging About It!
Kids' TV show Rainbow in homosexual agenda shocker
Polish priest, govt supporters try to 'exorcise' newspaper
Polish Priest, Government Supporters Try to 'Exorcise' Newspaper
Town rejects solar panels because they drain solar energy
Republican Billionaires Just Can't Seem to Buy This Election
French teacher invented Aubervilliers school attack
A US town has rejected plans for solar panels amid fears they would 'suck up all the energy from the sun'
I just want to go to jail
Sorry, wrong number: Person looking for drug dealer calls Alberta Mountie instead
Melissa Harris-Perry: Star Wars is Racist Because Darth Vader is Black
Serena Williams or American Pharoah: Who is the real sportsperson of the year?
UK's health care system hooks up with Tinder to recruit organ donors
MSNBC's Melissa Harris Perry: Star Wars is Racist Because Darth Vader Is a 'Black Guy'
Indonesian minister who revels in destruction of illegal fishing boats creates job surge for small-scale fishers
Town Rejects Solar Panels That Would 'Suck up All the Energy From the Sun'
Police officers save San Francisco woman trapped in sofa bed for more than 12 hours
Resident worries solar farm would 'suck up' the sun's energy
North Carolina Town Rejects Solar Power Plant, Fearing It Would Kill Plants and Cause Cancer
Labour MP Jess Phillips pledges to openly 'knife' Jeremy Corbyn if he fails to perform
Texas Plumber Wants $1M After Jihadists Get His Truck
Donald Trump releases report saying he'd be the healthiest president 'ever'
Citadel investigates cadets wearing pillowcases on heads
South Korean workers shut inside coffins to make them appreciate life
Polls Suggest Trump Will Win Between 8 Percent And 64 Percent Of The Vote
NC town rejects solar farm over fears it 'sucks up' the sunlight, causes cancer
'Clumps For Trump' Lets You Send Donald Trump A Lump Of Coal
Doctor says Trump would be "healthiest individual ever elected" to presidency
Plumber's truck is being used by extremists in Syria
Maine residents call cops over apparent pro-ISIS Christmas display, didn't notice the urinating Santa Claus
Donald Trump Releases Medical Report Calling His Health 'Extraordinary'
L.A. Times Pits Serena Williams Against A Horse For 'Sportsperson Of The Year'
Petite Mort Furs turns roadkill into fashion
Husband shot cheating wife's 'hard man' ex-lover over Facebook revenge porn picture
Klutz discharges gun in a Fridley Target store
Jaden Smith, Heir to Galileo and Martin Luther, Is Writing a Philosophy Book
Vittoria Risi E Valetina Canali - Lesbo Show: Free Porn 17
A Woman Who Tried to Perform Her Own Abortion Was Just Charged With Attempted Murder
Kim Kardashian eats her placenta after giving birth to Saint West
Town Rejects Solar Farm Because People Worried it Would Suck Up the Sun
Kim Kardashian turned her placenta into pills
Texas Plumber Sues Car Dealer After His Truck Ends Up on Syria's Front Lines
Doctor: Trump Would Be 'Healthiest Individual Ever Elected' President
Trump backers baffled by criticism of his Muslim proposal
Plumber sues dealership for $1 million after Texas truck ends up with terrorists
Bottles of FRESH AIR from Canada are a hot sale in China as pollution levels remain high
POLITICS Doctor: Trump Would Be 'Healthiest Individual Ever Elected' President
Local Govt Bans Solar Panels, Fearing they Would "Suck Up All the Energy from the Sun"
Trump's doctor: Trump 'will be healthiest individual ever elected' president
School bans 7th grader's 'Star Wars' shirt because it depicted a weapon
7TH GRADER TOLD HIS STAR WARS SHIRT ISN'T ALLOWED IN SCHOOL
These urine-fuelled socks generate enough power to transmit wireless signals
NC TOWN REJECTS SOLAR FARM, FEARING IT WOULD SUCK UP ALL THE ENERGY FROM THE SUN
San Francisco residents put basement crawl space up for rent - $500 a month
Solar Farm Rejected Over Fears It Could Drain The Sun, Cause Cancer
US town opposes solar power for 'extremely stupid' reasons
NC town fears solar farm will 'suck up all the energy from the sun'
US town rejects solar farm because locals fear panels will 'suck up all the energy from the sun'
Homeless Man Charged With Destruction of Property for Living in 15-Foot-Deep Man-Made Cave
People are calling Sam's Club CEO 'racist' after she gave an interview about diversity
Homeowner tricks holiday package thief into stealing box of dog poop
cocuk oyunlari 2 Pinokyo
Kentucky shelter tosses out all women days before holidays because they tempt men with 'ungodly' sex
No solar farm for this town: Residents concerned it would 'suck up all the energy from the sun'
Kosovo opposition releases tear gas in parliament
Trump Backers Baffled By Criticism Of Muslim Proposal
Oklahoma Sheriff urges residents to bear arms to fight Islamic extremists..
Bill Cosby sues women who accused him of sexual assault
Buffalo Wild Wings Debuts Mountain Dew Flavored Wings
Taylor Swift and Blake Lively continue their friendship.
Search for: 66° Mom fires back over criticism of Christmas tree photo showing pile of presents
Japanese Police Use Mii Avatar Wanted Poster To Hunt Down Hit and Run Suspect
The Prime Minister of Ukraine was crotch-lifted from his podium in an epic parliamentary brawl
Young Goat kidnapped, raped and burned in Sweden
Bulgarian champions could quit league over bad officials
"If elected, Mr. Trump, I can state unequivocally, will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency," - Donald J. Trump's doctor
Comcast CEO Brian Roberts on why he thinks people hate cable companies
Pigeons keeping warm in cold weather lead police to cannabis farm
Entrepreneurs selling bottled fresh air from the Canadian Rockies
Customers disturbed by Starbucks' cookies
Online Poll Names Putin 'Liar of the Year'
Mii Sought in Hit and Run Crime
Socks Generate Electricity Using Microbes Fed by Urine
Thai factory worker faces jail for insulting the king's dog online
An archaeological row has broken out over how Stonehenge's 5,000-year-old stones were transported from Wales to Wiltshire. One theory argues that the stones were quarried and transported by prehistoric tribes. The other says they were moved by the force of Ice Age glaciers
Man accused of stealing crate of Lucozade could make UK legal history | Omaree Lindsay, 19, is believed to be one of the first prosecuted under new laws banning use hoverboards on pavements
Exposure to Fox News increases vigilance in tadpoles of the green frog (Rana clamitans)
Cat camera catches home burglary
What happened to the CDC's courage on guns?
Santa Claus the firefighter helps crews contain blaze at Living Planet Aquarium
South Korean employers force employees to pretend it's their funeral -including shutting them in a casket- in order to make them appreciate life
NC Town Rejects Solar Farm, Fearing it Would Soak Up All the Energy from the Sun
Global supermarkets selling shrimp peeled by slaves
Plumber sues dealership for $1 million after truck ends up with terrorists
French Teacher stabs himself, claims IS did it.
Melissa Harris-Perry: 'Star Wars' racist because Darth Vader is black
Garland police want to ID the sharply dressed man they say robbed a Starbucks
Assad Tour: Russian company wants to start selling trips to Syrian warzone in 2016
Man crawls under Cracker Barrel bathroom stall seeking sex with woman
Historic Sierra Nevada House Inn With History Of Burning Down Burns Down
Suspected 'transgender wizard' caught at Madina with womb [NSFW]
Pizza Hut CEO: Skip the quality and focus on convenience
Albuquerque man arrested after stealing mom's traditional New Mexican stew, police say
MSNBC host Melissa Harris-Perry brings race into 'Star Wars' discussion.
Woman arrested for shoplifting breaks into home, takes nap in homeowner's pajamas
Mum defends chicken pox parties
Liking A Photoshopped Image Of The King Of Thailand Has Landed This Man In Prison For 30 Years!
Trump: Let Pete Rose into Hall of Fame
Reporters in Las Vegas Try to Crack Case of Who Owns Their Newspaper
Homeless squatters are taking over LaGuardia Airport
Texas plumber files lawsuit after Islamic extremists were seen using his old truck
Trump's doctor: Trump would be the healthiest president ever
MSNBC Host Bemoans Darth Vader Being 'Totally a Black Guy' While He Was Bad
Ottawa hot dog vendor applying to be senator
Teen pregnancy drops in Muscatine, high school nursery to close
Lawsuit Sheds Light On How A Texas Plumber's Truck Ended Up In Syria
The Number Song - Preschool Learning Song - Nursery Song - Learn to Coun...
US city worried solar farm will 'suck up all the energy from the sun'
Town rejects solar panels, citing fears they would 'suck up' sun's energy and cause cancer
Grumpy Cat has 'something to be grumpy about' in new copyright lawsuit
DJ Khaled Got Lost At Sea On A Jet Ski Today
Mark Ruffalo confronts Monsanto chief: "You are poisoning people."
Taiwan marathon hires ghost to scare contestants into running faster
Panthers QB Cam Newton not fined for giving little kids footballs
Kim Kardashian's placenta convinced me to subscribe to her app
Clay Modeling of a Omlet Cone Ice Cream and Donut Dessert Clay Modeling...
Avoid the "Mom, I have herpes" talk at the holidays
Church of Flying Spaghetti Monster approved to perform marriages
Thai man faces jail for insulting king's dog with 'sarcastic' internet post
Cambridge police say man in Sesame Street pyjamas may hold clue to finding hammer-wielding raiders
Journalist does report on burning opium, accidentally gets high on burning opium
The Worst Controversy on the Internet Today Is Serena Williams vs. a Horse
Thai Man Faces 37 Years In Jail For Mocking King's Dog
3,000 jars of ancient Roman fish sauce discovered in shipwreck off Italian coast
Tony Abbott declares 'no one can be a suppository of all wisdom'
'Drink-driver' hides from police in nativity scene
'Drink-driver' crashes car, hides from police in life-size Nativity scene
sexually attracted to playground equipment
Rape-accused millionaire claims he fell on victim and accidentally penetrated her
Chicago police unions fight to destroy decades of records before investigation
Anhui woman goes to visit nearby relatives on foot, gets lost in smog for the whole day
Shape Song for kids
Conservative actress tells Fox: Darth Vader is black because it's in the Bible and 'Jesus talks about it'
Woman names her kid "Uber", after she gave birth in a cab belonging to the app service
Bill Would Declare Kentucky a 'Sanctuary' Against Federal Carbon Rules
Thai Man May Go to Prison for Insulting King's Dog
White House questions whether Trump's doctor has examined all 44 presidents
Mountie only guilty of 'not using enough force,' judge says in assault trial
Shepherds storm Romanian parliament in protest over sheepdog law
Texas City plumber receives threats after his old truck is seen in Syrian war
'Accidental fur': Boston company turns roadkill into fashion
Police: Mom shaved daughter's head, told her she was dying for cancer scam
Doctors use Star Wars music to detect bowel cancer
Bill Cosby Sues for Defamation Seven Women Who Say He Sexually Assaulted Them
Texas plumber wants $1 million from dealership that sold his truck to jihadists
Pakistani man dies trying to take a selfie with approaching train
Europe wants to raise the age of internet consent to 16
Woman Stabs Boyfriend 5 Times After She Finds Him Having Relations With A Turkey Carcass
VCU professor 3-D scans world's oldest ham, peanut
Trump Would Be 'Healthiest Individual Ever Elected' President, His Doctor Says
Lettuce is 'three times worse than bacon' for emissions and vegetarian diets could be bad for environment
Leftists that support raising minimum wage are stupid - Fox News
Serena Williams beats out horse to win SI Sportsperson of the Year
Christmas display shows Santa's disapproval of terror group
'Complete and total lack of accountability': Why police can't find township's missing money
Santa Claus urinating on ISIS sign brings holiday cheer to Maine town
DJ Khaled got lost at sea while riding his jet ski at night
Israel seizes 4,000 Palestinian stone-thrower dolls
Outraged Diners Discover They're Being Charged for Clean Air in China
Baby named Uber after mother gives birth in back of taxi
San Francisco police recognized for rescuing woman trapped in sofa for 12 hours
How A Dead Millionaire Convinced Dozens Of Women To Have As Many Babies As Possible
South Korean 'healing center' closes people in coffins to prevent suicide
Trump Supporters Shout "Sieg Heil," "Light Him on Fire" at Black Protester
Tinder users can find love, become organ donors
Cocaine Homework Assignment Angers Middle Schooler's Parents
House Republicans propose resolution defending Christmas
Judge says Mountie accused of assaulting teen girl only guilty of 'not using enough force'
Trump Audience Member Yells Nazi Salute as Protester Removed From Las Vegas Rally
Plumber suing dealership for $1 million after truck ends up with ISIS
2 toddlers found dead in storage unit in Northern California
Fiorina tells dog: 'Obama ate one of your cousins'
Chinese buy up bottles of fresh air from Canada
man tries to get pet owl off roof by swinging dead rat on a piece of string
Canadians Are Selling Cans of Fresh Air to China
Beijing's Air Is So Bad, the Sale of Bottled Canadian Mountain Air Is Soaring
University of Iowa President Apologizes for Saying Unprepared Teachers Should Be Shot
John Kerry Is Wicked Psyched He Found Dunkin' Donuts in Moscow
Men beat up inflatable Santa, police say
Russia can't make anti-Turkish t-shirts because (you guessed it) the fabric comes from Turkey
Demand for Bottles of Fresh Air Rises in China as Pollution Worsens
People Can't For Life Of Them Figure Out Why A Horse Didn't Win 'Sportsperson Of The Year'
Fairview Park man charged with indecent exposure in waxing center incident
Drag-racing police are captured on video
Herpes-infected Dairy Queen worker arrested for allegedly spitting on Baton Rouge police officer's burger
Marco Rubio: 'Millions With Traditional Values' Who Are 'Branded Bigots' Are 'Essence Of America' - The New Civil Rights Movement
In Flint, Mich., there's so much lead in children's blood that a state of emergency is declared
Birmingham mayor William Bell involved in altercation with councilman Marcus Lundy
Merriam-Webster Declares 'Ism' as Word of the Year for 2015
Tim Hortons employee accused of throwing hot coffee, Timbits and using racial slur during customer spat
Modesto pastor recovering from accidental gunshot in firearm-safety class
Russian Firm Announces War Tours in Syria
Texas plumber sues dealer after truck seen in ISIS photo
Marin ferry rehab bungle: The jets go fast, but in wrong direction
Thai faces jail for insulting King's dog
Woman Finds Shoplifting Suspect in Husband's Pajamas
The world needs an African Game of Thrones
Wikipedia and its founder disagree on his birth date
Texas dad shocked by sixth-grader's 'cocaine' homework
NC City Council Stops Solar Farm Saying They'll Cause Cancer And "Suck Up" The Sun
College suspends student for six months for saying black women are 'not hot'
Chairman Mao letter to Clement Attlee fetches £605,000
Long-Extinct Galápagos Tortoise Species May Be On Its Way Back
Watmuff "blasted" by revenge porn poster
I'll see your mom force daughter to shave head and raise you mom forces daughter to act crippled daughter gets sick of it and kills her
Canada sells cans of air to China.
Cookie Dough Can Explodes In Woman's Vagina During Shoplifting Incident - Now8News
Cookie Dough Can Explodes In Woman's Vagina During Shoplifting Incident
I'll see your mom forces daughter to shave head and raise you a mom forces daughter to act crippled daughter meets online boyfriend then commits murder against the mom
Please Stop Submitting the "Town Rejects Solar Panel" Article
Wana Dubie vows to roll giant hemp ball onto courthouse lawn
Solar farm rejected because it may "suck up all the sun's energy."
Oklahoma Jackpot Winner Dies After Gold Plating His Balls
Will Smith may run for president if candidates continue talking 'about walls and Muslims'
A Flight Got Delayed Twice Because of Three Drunk Irish Guys
I'll see you head shaved daughter and raise you a forced to be crippled daughter which in turn murders her mom
Obama's Drug Czar To Visit Tulsa To Unveil Overdose Treatment Plan
Why Kim Kardashian Is Eating Her Placenta
Football-Loving Americans Harassed For Wearing Turbans To NFL Game
Man robs same bank twice in 2 days (TV crew filming during second robbery)
Fans: We were hassled at Qualcomm stadium over our turbans
Woman who used fake penis to have sex with a woman avoids jail
ISIS Wants to Rename Pluto 'Moon of Muhammad'
North Korea showed interest in combating climate change, official says
American Nazi Party Endorses Donald Trump for President
World's longest-surviving castaway sued for $1 million after being accused of 'eating his colleague'
TV reporter spots suspected bank robber on live TV
This student's sexist Yik Yak comment about #blackwomenmatter got him suspended
Putin signs law allowing Russia to overturn rulings of international rights courts
Serena Williams hailed a taxi to the finish line in her own charity race
Plumber sues dealership after truck he traded in ends up with ISIS
Serena Williams got a taxi to the finish line of her own 5k charity run
Poll: Darth Vader beats Trump, not Clinton
Church of Flying Spaghetti Monster Approved to Perform Marriages in NZ
Printer giant Lexmark fires Mexico factory workers demanding $0.35 raise
China pollution: Canadian company Vitality Air sells out of bottled fresh mountain air as smog levels worsen
Reporter gets scoop on live TV as perp flees Rochester bank after heist No. 2
Teen arrested in stabbing at nudist resort
Teachers unknowingly eat pot-laced brownies
A college banned a junior for 6 months over a Yik Yak post that said black women 'aren't hot'
Castaway survives year at sea, sued for 'eating colleague'
Castaway "ate his own crewmate"
Conspiracy theorists produce photographic 'evidence' that suggests Vladimir Putin is IMMORTAL and hasn't changed his appearance in 100 years
7th-grader banned from wearing 'Star Wars' T-shirt at school
Student gets 6 months suspension for saying for saying black women are 'not hot'. Another individual who said white people have "small dicks" not punished.
School sports shed causes major controversy
Homeless man arrested for digging and living in cave in Milwaukee park.
Conservatives Are Rewriting Star Wars as a Battle Against Terrorism
Plumber Sues Car Dealership After His Former Truck Is Photographed With 'Jihadists'
Middle School Teacher Fired For Stuffing 11 KIDS In Honda Accord For Trip To Walmart
WOMAN DRIVES FROM HOUSTON TO SAN DIEGO WITH DEAD HUSBAND'S BODY
House Republicans Introduce Resolution Against The "War On Christmas"
House Republicans' resolution against 'attempts to ban references to Christmas' draws 36 co-sponsors
Saudi millionaire cleared of raping teen after claiming he accidentally penetrated her when he slipped and fell
Saudi Businessman Cleared of Raping teen - claims he slipped.
Sheriff: Man high on 'flakka' tries to break into jail
"People Who Like EDM Are Technically Retarded" Claims Study
How Japan's toilet obsession produced some of the world's best bathrooms
"Princess Buttercup Would Not Like This" - Lindsey Graham
Eating lettuce is more than three times worse in greenhouse gas emissions than eating bacon
Federal government opens probe of hoverboards
North Carolina town bans solar for fear it will "suck up all the energy from the sun"
Newlyweds in Indonesia ate alleged rapist's genitals
No Nazi Train Filled With Gold, Experts Say
Homeless man arrested for digging underground cave to live in
Thai Man Faces Prison Sentence After Insulting Royal Dog
Canadian company sells bottled air to China, first shipment sold out in four days
Thieves steal $9,000 worth of Christmas trees
Canadians Are Selling Bottled Air From The Rocky Mountains To Smog Ridden China
A Canadian company is selling hand filled bottles of fresh Rocky Mountain air in China.
Saudi Arabia launches 'Islamic military alliance' to combat terrorism
'Star Wars' soundtrack helps doctors detect bowel cancer
Chief Wana Dubie vows to roll giant ball of hemp onto courthouse lawn
Saudi millionaire cleared of raping teenager after telling court he may have accidentally penetrated 18-year-old when he tripped and fell on her
Man tried to murder corpse: Vic court
Millionaire cleared of rape after claiming he 'accidentally penetrated' teenager
MEDION Erazer X7613 Battery
Cop Who Sought To Photo Erection In Teen Sexting Case Kills Self Before Arrest
Disgruntled Siberian city wants cat for mayor
NYPD: Stranger Attacks Man With Snickers Bar on Times Square Subway
ASI (Archaeological Survey of India) dials Isro (Indian Space Research Organiztion) to locate 24 'missing' monuments
Mice, cat armour crafted by Calgary metal artist
Firefighter Keegan Danielz lit blaze so he could fight it with CFA mates
Barbra Streisand Says Discrimination Against Women Extends to...Rats
Lindsey Graham Warns Ted Cruz Not to Cross Princess Buttercup
Saudi millionaire cleared of rape after claiming he fell and accidentally penetrated teenager.
A Chinese husband's 'ad' for his wife to get plastic surgery sparks debate
Man Posts Plans to Rob Bank on Social Media Before Arrest
Glass of Red Wine Equals 1 Hour at Gym, New Study Says
10 Ways Target Is Robbing You Like A European Pickpocket: Holiday Edition
Chilling Video Terrifies Nation
President Obama Proposes New Slogan... "Yeah, We Could've".
Indian Escorts in Singapore +6593757593
The startup selling bottles of Canadian air to China sold out in four days
Xem tử vi thứ Tư 12 con giáp ngày 16/12/2015
Fact Check: Small Town Rejects Solar Farm Because It Would 'Suck Up All the Sun's Energy'
Fake penis assault woman given suspended jail term
Man laughs at suspected Fresno gangsters, gets shot
MSNBC Host: 'Star Wars' Is Racist Because Darth Vader Is Black
Clay Modeling of Maldives Anthias fish
Company Selling 'Bottled Air' Sells Out in 4 Days as China's Smog Crisis Deepens
Canadian start-up sells bottled air to China, says sales booming
Pakistan surprised by its inclusion in military alliance
Chinese Millionaire Sells Canned Fresh Air To Combat Pollution
Subway Becomes Even More Crowded Pit of Humanity in 2015
The Anti-Bitcoin-A Centralized Digital Currency-Takes Root
Jeb Bush offers to stop spamming your email with campaign ads for 2 weeks, if you will donate $25 to his campaign.
Texas Plumber: I didn't sell my truck to ISIS
Taliban Join Global Effort to Kill Off Polio in 2016
Canadian financial firms embrace robo-advisers
Mom delivers baby in cab, names him Uber after taxi service
Carly Fiorina snacks on dog treats and tells puppies to vote Republican because 'Obama ate your cousin'
Millionaire businessman not guilty of raping teenager after he accidentally penetrated her
Clay Modeling of Pizza
Maitland Bar gold nugget, stored in box used for hallway cricket, on show at Australian Museum
Need Professional Web Design In Utah
Man who attempted to murder corpse faces 25 years' jail
Lindsay Lohan Is Mad at Jennifer Lawrence, Wants Her to Be More Like Maya Angelou
Buy Birthstones | Feng Shui Crystals for Sale
Saudi millionaire cleared of rape, claims he fell, 'accidentally' penetrated teen
DJ Khaled gets lost at sea on jet ski, snapchats whole experience
Typing "lardass" into an iPhone autocorrects to "Kardashian"
Cruel pranksters strap a pig to fly with paraglider as he takes off in Colombia
Guns Seized From IRS Employee Wearing Tinfoil on His Head Report Claims
Houston man charged after shutting down interstate for marriage proposal
Want Viagra? S.C. Bill Would Make Men Go Through What Women Do to Get Abortions
Japan upholds rule that married couples must have same surname
Designer dildo that holds loved one's cremated ashes
Ehsan Abdulaziz: Saudi millionaire who said he 'accidentally tripped and penetrated' teenage girl cleared of rape
Saudi Arabia forms 34-nation coalition to 'fight terrorism'
Saudi millionaire cleared of raping teenager after claiming he accidentally fell on top of her
Thai military court jails woman in 'secret' ruling over Facebook posts
A church in Germany will hold a Star Wars themed Christmas service
Driver leaves hilarious note and gift for traffic warden in cheeky bid to escape a parking ticket
Solar Farm rejected in fear that it would suck up the suns energy
'Last class': Airlines introduce new flight class that's more budget than economy
Canadian PM Trudeau: Baltic Nations Are "Not A Thing"
Is Vladimir Putin immortal? Pictures from almost 100 years ago seem to show him looking fighting fit
Saudi Arabia Denounces All Atheists As Terrorists
Clay Modeling of winnie the pooh
Texas plumber sues after truck sold to terrorists
Trump Says He Wants To "Penetrate The Internet" To Stop ISIS
Saudi millionaire who said he 'accidentally tripped and penetrated' teenage girl cleared of rape
Volkswagen Faces Lawsuit in China Over Emissions
People Lose Their Sh*t When Surprise Screening Advertised as 'Definitely Not Star Wars' Isn't Star Wars
A Siberian city wants an 18-month old cat as mayor
North Korea tracked down and sentenced a Canadian pastor, Hyeon Soo Lim, to life in prison.
Chinese environmentalists suing Volkswagen for destroying their environment
caitlyn jenner apologises for 'man in a dress' comments
Florida man biking in French maid outfit among 95 arrested in prostitution sting
Man in French maid outfit among 100 arrested in prostitution sting
Man who 'slipped and fell on teen' cleared of rape
Prostitution Sting Nets Man, 68, Wearing French Maid's Uniform And Chastity Belt
Caitlyn Jenner Apologises For Her 'Man In A Dress' Comments
US robber calls Indian-origin store clerk terrorist, shoots him in face
Disgruntled Siberian city wants Barsik the cat as mayor
Cookie Dough Can Explodes in Womans Vagina During Shoplifting Incident
How one group of refugees turned their plight into a musical tour
Why This Town Wants to Elect a Cat for Mayor
Robbery Suspect Returns During Live News Report
Poll: Americans would rather elect Darth Vader than Donald Trump
Clay Modeling of Little Hippo
Man admits to robbing Fordham University student of 4.7B gold coins used in RuneScape
IKEA forced to deny they are selling Swastika-shaped table named Hadølf
High School Seniors Now Prefer Marijuana to Cigarettes
Bank robbery suspect returns to scene of crime the next day and reporter on live TV spots him.
Hamas political leader: Stabbers are 'the most exalted, noblest of people'
Town rejects solar farm; concerns about sucking energy from sun
Saudi millionaire beats rape charge after claiming he 'fell into' teen
Saudi Millionaire beats rape charge after claiming he "fell into" teen after sleeping with her friend
Saudi Millionaire Not Guilty of Rape After "Falling and Accidentally Penetrating" Teen
Iowa TV Station Reporting Live When Bank Robbed Again
Husband's furious family call for a divorce after his wife is caught kissing a CAMEL
Woman divorced after kissing camel in Saudi
Castaway who spent 15 months at sea sued for US$1M by family of man he is accused of eating
British man who told police he 'may have penetrated teenager after falling on top of her' cleared of rape
18-year-old rapper fatally shot in St. Louis; no suspects
Toy guns blocked for sale in NY
MIT Researchers Train An Algorithm To Predict How Boring Your Selfie Is
Firearms instructor accidentally shoots California pastor during gun safety class
Short One Shoulder Sequin Dress High quality Cocktail Dresses
Gun safety instructor shoots pastor during demonstration
Amazon under fire for allowing sale of Nazi paraphernalia
Family using Facebook to sell home; $1,000 reward if share seals the deal
Pakistan surprised by its inclusion in 34-nation military alliance
'Operation Decoy Box' entices thieves to steal junk, feces, while protecting neighborhood
Fannie Mae Says Millennials Are Finally Leaving Their Parents' Basements
IKEA forced to deny they are selling Swastika-shaped table named Hadølf after fake photograph sparks outrage in Germany
Texas man facing jail for highway-blocking marriage proposal
Pakistani man dies while attempting selfie with moving train
Teacher, twins, man in maid costume busted in Florida sex sting
'Immortal' Vladimir Putin and the conspiracies that keep the Russian President in power
Group Urges Nicki Minaj to Cancel Performance for African Dictator
A Russian Gang Sent Its Flag into Outer Space
Young Pakistani man dies while attempting selfie with moving train
Kim Kardashian Reveals Plans to Eat Her Placenta
Millionaire businessman cleared of raping teenager after he told court he may have accidentally penetrated her.
Disillusioned Siberians want cat to be mayor
Richard Burr of North Carolina missed the Republican debate because he was watching the voice
McDonald's customers step over disabled man as he chokes to death
TV station reporting live when Minnesota bank robbed again
Congressman misses debate because he was watching the voice
Millionaire Cleared of Rape Charge After Claiming He Tripped and His Penis Fell Into Teen
A reporter spots a suspect fleeing the scene of a robbery on live TV
Martin Shkreli Plans To Bail-Out Bobby Shmurda
Castaway who survived 438 days at sea sued by dead pal's family who claim he stayed alive by eating him
'That's the robber!': Bank robbed again as TV station reports live
California: Self-Driving Cars Must Have Driver Behind Wheel
Rogue Star Wars fans threaten to ruin The Force Awakens via 'spoiler jihad'
Suspect in bank robbery strikes again while TV reporter is live on-air
It's no longer a crime to swear in front of women and children, or to trample on blackberry bushes in Michigan.
Australian man who attempted to murder corpse faces 25 years' jail
Transgender father Stefonknee Wolscht who left family to be a six-year-old girl 'uses child's play to escape adult life'
Wheaton College suspends Christian professor who wore a hijab
Wheaton College Suspends Christian Professor Who Wore Hijab To Show Solidarity With Muslims
Putin's 'peculiar walk' linked to KGB weapons training, report claims
Crimes Against Children detective accused of soliciting minor kills self during barricade
Canadian Company shipping bottled air to China. Queue Spaceball references now.
Millionaire who said he 'accidentally tripped and penetrated' teenage girl cleared of rape
Millionaire found not guilty of rape after claiming he tripped and fell on woman
Millionaire who claimed he 'fell' into teen cleared of rape
Alabama Mayor, City Councilman Beat the Sh*t Out of Each Other
Little Girl who Loose His Family on a Fire Receives 195,000 Christmas Cards and Letters in a Day
Family home destroyed in Kurnell hours after selling at auction
(xpost-/r/news) Gun-wielding bandit calls Indian immigrant 'terrorist' before shooting him in the face
Man Who Claimed He 'Fell' and Penetrated Teen Is Cleared of Rape Charges
In China, a nation plagued by air pollution, Canadian entrepreneurs have begun selling bottled clean air.
McDonald's customers 'stepped over man who was choking to death'
Professor Suspended For Saying Christians And Muslims Worship The 'Same God'
Saudi millionaire acquitted of rape charge after claiming he tripped and fell on teen
Pigs Loose After Semi Overturns on Highway Onramp
Saudi millionaire cleared of rape after telling court he may have accidentally penetrated 18-year-old when he tripped and fell on her
Wheaton College professor put on leave for saying Muslims, Christians have same god.
Pea-Kay Subban or Pay-Ka Subban? French-language group stirs debate over pronunciation
Man falls asleep at red light with a bunch of weapons and drugs in his car
Yale fail: Ivy leaguers sign 'petition' to repeal First Amendment
Philips Hue Reverses Decision To Block Third-Party Light Bulbs
Philips Hue reverses course, will continue to work with third-party bulbs
Tyson Chandler's bathtub was Justin Bieber's baptismal font
Luxembourg took 36 years and paid 720.000.000€ to build a speedway with a length of 33km.
NYC man suing Miller Brewing Co. because Foster's beer is brewed in Texas, not Australia
Frank Ocean Is Back
Pakistan, Lebanon, Malaysia, Indonesia surprised by inclusion in Saudi coalition
Kid has the worst first day on the job ever.
Senate Intel chief looking into Cruz's debate comments
45 held as undercover cop busts ultra-Orthodox drugs, weapons ring
A beer nearly killed me, former N.J. cop alleges in casino suit, report says
Police: Woman drove car into Scientology doors because church is 'evil'
Ha ha! Hilarious moment six-month-old baby girl laughs exactly like Nelson from The Simpsons while having a bath
China's Xi Jinping says internet users must be free to speak their minds
DJ Khaled Got Lost At Sea On A Jet Ski And Snapchatted The Whole Thing
LAPD found no bias in all 1,356 complaints filed against officers
How To Remove Blood Stains With OxiClean
Goat kidnapped, abused and raped in Gothenburg
Taylor Swift with your Chinese takeaway will make it taste better, claims Oxford academic
Self-driving cars must have driver behind the wheel, California says
EXCLUSIVE: Donald Trump's daughter Tiffany is dating a Democrat who likes Hillary Clinton and lives in $2M NYC apartment owned by his mega rich real estate lawyer father who has known the GOP candidate for years
Russia: Famous Moscow cemeteries to install free wi-fi
Walk like the KGB: get Vladimir Putin's 'gunslinger gait'
Man stabs himself in the head at Heathrow Airport
Raving with my baby at the new "toddler raves"
Sterling State Bank robber accidentally caught on camera by reporter at the scene
Cookie Dough Can Explodes In Woman's Vagina During Shoplifting Incident - See more at: http://now8news.com/cookie-dough-can-explodes-in-womans-vagina-during-shoplifting-incident/#sthash.JR4GcvHw.dpuf
What's in a name? French language group wants P.K. pronounced 'Pay-Kah' during Habs games
Woman Stabs Boyfriend 5 Times After She Finds Him Having Sex With A Turkey Carcass
CARRIE UNDERWOOD REVEALS PHOTO OF IMPERFECT BODY PART
Wealthy Developer Cleared Of Rape, Claiming He 'Fell' On 18-Year-Old Guest
Anti-Eviction Nonprofit Being Evicted in SF
Rainbow-Cake Recipe Inspires Comment Apocalypse
Facebook, social media and WhatsApp could be banned for teens if they don't get consent from parents, according to draft EU law
Jeter pulled out of underwear deal saying briefs were 'too gay'
Businessman cleared of rape because he 'accidentally penetrated' teen victim
Zombie infections: epidemiology, treatment, and prevention
$10 billion startup WeWork displaced an anti-eviction group to make room for more startups
Derek Jeter didn't want his underwear line 'too gay,' lawsuit says
Even an Eviction Defense Group Can't Stop Itself from Being Displaced by a Startup
British court clears Saudi millionaire of rape charges after he claimed he accidentally tripped and fell on teenage girl
Giant lizard gives Australian man a fright
Woman tricked into having sex with transexual tells how she was manipulated
PBS series finds Bill Maher, Bill O'Reilly are related
Local gym trading treadmills for medieval sword fighting
Package Theft Suspect Writes 'Shop Lift' on To-Do List
Millionaire businessman not guilty of raping teenager after he accidentally tripped an penetrated her
Pakistan Surprised to Be Included in Saudi-Led Alliance It Never Heard Of
'Bleeding host' was mold, not miracle, according to diocese
Sikh teen in Texas jailed after 'bully' classmate accused him of having a bomb
Holly Holm Willing to Fight Outside her Weight Class, Including a Cyborg
Professor at Catholic university asks students on final exam: Is Trump the Anti-Christ?
According to a Lawyer, Han Solo Had a Legal Right to Shoot Greedo First
Self-driving cars must have driver behind wheel under DMV proposed rules
Alabama mayor withdraws complaint after fight at city hall
Financial Planning Game Used to Encourage Frivolous Spending
12,800 students enrolled for B.Ed exam in Ambedkar University,India 20,000 passed
Bay Area athlete, 15, charged with felony over broken nose
Millionaire cleared of rape after he 'fell and accidentally penetrated' teen
HER divorce is not final until she proves SHE is not the FATHER of HER WIFE'S twins
Man caught feeding weed to feral pig.
Dog disguised as baby fails to fool bus driver in China
Acalanes Water Polo Player Faces Felony Charge After Broken Nose During Match
Why This Man Is Eating a Beached Dolphin for His Christmas Dinner
Teen punches Spanish PM in face, breaks his glasses
Mother unhappy as daughter comes home with Henna Tattoo - " not our culture"
Castaway survives 15 months at sea, gets sued for $1mn over 'eating' his crewmate
Chicken parmigiana eaten by forensic accountant every week for a year in search for perfect recipe
Rabbi gets 10 years for arranging divorces with beatings
Tiësto Takes a Break From Music, Manufactures Toys for Adults Called 'Tiëldos'
US man sentenced to eight years in prison over KKK 'death ray' plot to attack Muslims
Granny mafia boss, 38, hooked for fish scam
Church Of The Flying Spaghetti Monster Can Officiate Same-Sex Marriages
Yale students sign petition to repeal First Amendment rights
Arnold's T-800 Terminator Uses the Linux Kernel 4.1.15 Released Today
Millionaire who said he 'tripped,' fell on teen cleared of rape charge
Scientists Find a 200 Year Old Giant Salamander Just Chilling
Transgender woman "goes back" to being a six-year old girl
Chinese snapping up bottled air from Canada
Comedian gets Yale students to sign petition to repeal the 1st amendment
Saudi Millionaire Who Said He 'Fell' on Teen and 'Accidentally Penetrated' Her Cleared of Rape
Yale students tricked into signing petition to repeal 1st amendment
Disney plans to release a new Star Wars film every year until you die
This startup bets up to $10,000 that your marriage will end badly
Chris Christie Says He'll Be More Trusted by (Dead) King of Jordan
Fiorina bites into dog treat in weird new video 0
Fiorina bites into dog treat in weird new video
Internet post insulting Thai king's dog may land man in jail
[NSFW] Scientists still aren't sure what squirting is all about.
Mike Rowe calls Bernie Sanders the 'K-word' over tweet
Griner's Divorce Not Final Until She Proves She Isn't The Father Of Her Ex-Wife's Twins
Wheaton College Suspends Christian Professor After She Wears Hijab
Dubstep Fan Literally Breaks His Neck Headbanging to a DJ Duo Called Barely Alive
Fake Hymen Sales Spike Following Influx Of Muslim Migrants Into Europe
North Carolina bans solar for fear it will suck up all the energy from the sun
New website claims "Beethoven was African"
Grown man punches 8 year old boy in the face.
In China, Diners Pay for Clean Air With Their Entree
Store employee arraigned in alleged assault over pizza slice
Scientists localize the Christmas spirit in the brain
How Wearing Fake Sneakers for 30 Days Drove Me Into Deep Depression
Gold nugget worth $3.7 million used in cricket games by NSW Treasury
Jennifer Lawrence is set to play Robert De Niro's mother in a new film directed by David O Russell, she has revealed.
Shop With A Trooper parent leaves in handcuffs
Thailand Keeps Arresting People for Insulting the King - and His Dog
Man 'shouting "kill me" while running at police with large knife is shot dead'
Meth lab busted in Kenosha: More than $1 million worth of meth disguised as cocaine recovered
This mainstream brand is launching Anti-Camel Toe yoga pants
Millionaire says he tripped and his erect pens landed in an 18 year olds vagina, acquited of rape charges.
Learn 123 for kids | Kids Learn to Count Numbers Counting to 10 Collecti...
Shkreli arrested this morning. Talk about karma
Canadian Pastor Detained In North Korea, Admits He Wanted The Regime To Collapse 'With The Love Of God'
Russian to sue Bethesda after 3-week-long Fallout 4 session led to loss of job & wife
Bank robbery suspect returns to rob same bank during live news report
Sydney tornado: Family home lost hours after auction
Cop who wanted to photograph teen's erection in sexting case commits suicide
Vladimir Putin: FIFA president Sepp Blatter deserves Nobel Peace Prize
Putin: Trump An 'Outstanding, Talented' Man
'Anti-pee' walls in Hackney will splash offenders
Camel kiss sparks dispute, call for divorce
Sepp Blatter deserves Nobel peace prize, says Vladimir Putin
Putin says Trump is 'absolute leader' in U.S. presidential race
Libertarian Party of Kentucky, and Constitution Party of Kentucky, File Lawsuit on Definition of "Party"
Man who 'tripped,' fell on teen cleared of rape
Fifa's Sepp Blatter should be awarded Nobel peace prize, says Vladimir Putin
Saudi millionaire acquitted of raping teen in London, says he tripped and accidentally penetrated her
In 2015, Bell Canada is still charging 5$ for 10 Mb of data. Yes, Megabytes.
Women still outnumbered in medical leadership by men with moustaches, study finds
Putin Hails Donald Trump as 'Bright and Talented'
Putin calls Trump an 'outstanding, talented' man
'Netflix Socks' pause shows when you fall asleep
Violent pet rabbit 'Thugs Bunny' hospitalised a local resident and now has to endure pet psychiatry
Putin praises 'bright and talented' Trump
University of Florida's 'Swamp' could be full of pee
Urine for some fertilizer
Turing CEO, famous for ratcheting up the price of pharmaceutical drugs, is in custody following a police probe.
Put in says trump is "absolutely" frontrunner in presidential race
Forget Trump and Clinton: Consumers Say Apple Should Run the Government
Sepp Blatter a very reputable person deserving of Nobel Peace Prize - Vladimir Putin
Rapper Azealia Banks 'arrested for punching a female bouncer and biting her breast' after being denied entry to a private New York party
'Boob-biting' rapper Azealia Banks arrested
Deputies: Vero Beach man high on flakka tries to break into jail 'to visit friends'
Cops mulling idea of arresting those who post Star Wars spoilers online
San Francisco Police Save Woman Trapped In Sofa Bed For More Than 12 Hours
Putin: "Donald Trump is a very flamboyant, very talented man"
There is no nazi gold train- Experts
IKEA forced to deny they are selling Swastika-shaped table named Hadølf | Daily Mail Online
Putin praises Trump: He's a really brilliant and talented person
Women still outnumbered in medical leadership by men with mustaches, study finds
WOMAN FOUND EATING AT TAQUERIA AFTER KNOCKING OVER POWER POLE IN SOUTHWEST HOUSTON
Putin says Trump is 'absolute leader' in U.S. presidential race - The Washington Post
Canadian Company Selling Air From Rocky Mountains to China.
'Jump' poster removed from site near Itchen Bridge in Southampton
Criminal lawyer hikes fees 5000 percent for Martin Shkreli
FIFA signs first sponsorship deal (since corruption scandal) with China's Alibaba Group
FIFA signs first sponsorship deal (since corruption scandal) with Alibaba Group
Police officer for a college campus who taught a rape defense and prevention class charged with sexual assault.
British Teeth Aren't So Bad, Study Says
Vladimir Putin praises 'outstanding and talented' Trump - BBC News
Man charged with DUI in Dartmouth after driving with missing tire
Speaker Who Uses Wheelchair Unable to Access Stage at Disability Inclusion Panel
Vladimir Putin praises 'outstanding and talented' Trump
Trump Hints He May Ditch His Jet for Air Force One If Elected
High School Students Now Prefer Marijuana to Cigarettes
Gamer Hit By Car While Playing Fallout 4 In His Home Survives
Lawyer for Martin Shkreli Hikes Fees Five Thousand Per Cent
Putin: Trump is 'absolute leader' of U.S. presidential race
British backpacker Jordan Jacobs 'found on Thai beach'
UPS drivers are making deliveries in U-Haul trucks - and people are panicking and calling the police
Premier Kathleen Wynne makes history by buying six-pack of beer at grocery store
Scandal-hit Blatter named 'Swiss of the Year'
New trial for Clarence Moses-El, man convicted after woman said she 'dreamed' she was raped
Castaway Who Survived 14 Months At Sea Sued For Cannibalism Of Shipmate
Man goes to collect stolen-car court docs found in stolen car in stolen car
Guns are now killing as many people as cars in the U.S.
Toronto Man Leaves His Family To Start A New Life As A Six Year Old Girl
"Jump" billboard put up adjacent to infamous bridge (and then promptly taken down)
Holy macaroni! New Zealand approves Pastafarian marriages
Unabomber Updates Status in Harvard Alum Magazine
Mammoth ginseng root dug in Allegany County, MD to be auctioned in China
Theater Actor Decapitated Neighbor Performed in Musical Hours Later
SUPREME COURT GRANTS BLACK MAN "40 ACRES OF LAND AND A MULE"
CNN pushed the candidates into fighting, and that's why the debate mattered
Martin Shkreli arrested this morning
Students for Justice in Palestine: 'Hating Israel Is Necessary for Our Health'
Man Hides Camera in Restroom of Business in Columbus, Georgia
Azealia Banks arrested after biting security guard's breast outside NYC club
Canada's latest export to China - fresh air
Britain's absurd laws still make it illegal to wear armour to Parliament and suspiciously handle salmon
Gay Pride Festivus Pole To Be Displayed At Oklahoma Capitol
'Netflix Socks' Will Pause Your Show When You Doze Off
COLLEGE STUDENTS ARE RENTING OUT THEIR DORM ROOMS ON AIRBNB. WHAT COULD GO WRONG?
Saudi millionaire Ehsan Abdulaziz cleared of raping teenager after claiming he fell on her
Comcast CEO to angry customers: It's not me, it's you
Speaker at Trump rally: 'I believe he was sent from God' to stop 'this oppression from illegal aliens'
Posting Star Wars spoilers should be illegal, says Philadelphia PD
Vladimir Putin - "Sepp Blatter should be recognised for his humanitarian work and should be awarded the Nobel peace prize." (x-post r/soccer)
The smog in China is so bad that people are actually buying bottled air from Canada
B.C. Premier Christy Clark says 'triple-deleting' e-mails will be prohibited
Sepp Blatter deserves Nobel peace prize, says Vladimir Putin - video (x-post r/soccer)
British backpacker Jordan Jacobs 'found strolling on Thai beach'
FBI: "no seizure warrant at the arrest of Martin Shkreli today, which means we didn't seize the Wu-Tang Clan album"
Actor decapitated neighbor, performed in musical soon after
Talking Toys Are Getting Smarter: Should We Be Worried?
Sadness, shame and blame at Yale over First Amendment repeal video
Airplanes Hit More Turtles Than Drones
Guy Says He Was Hit By A Car While Playing Fallout 4
Hospital took out patient's heart, but donor heart never came.
Oklahoma capitol to display gay-pride 'Festivus' pole
Leonardo DiCaprio denies being raped by a bear during the filming of The Revenant.
Oklahoma lawmakers angry about plans for 'Festivus Pole' at state Capitol
The creators of the ColecoVision are back with a new cartridge-based console
Regina Man Arrested After Falling Asleep at Red Light with Drugs and a Bunch of Weapons in His Car
Gilbert Arenas Proposes That The WNBA Contain More Butts
GILBERT ARENAS MOST WNBA PLAYERS ARE UGLY LESBIANS
Sam Bradford likes Philly, not sure if he likes likes Philly
FBI clarifies they did not seize Martin Shkreli's Wu-Tang album
FBI: No, we didn't seize Shkreli's Wu Tang Clan album
Canadian start-up sells bottled air to China
Man Wearing Tin Foil Hat Faces Firearm Raps
Norway launches campaign to give Finland a mountain
Putin praises Donald Trump as 'very talented'
Museum sued for art depicting Jesus as white.
NBA player, Iman Shumpert, delivers his own baby and ties the umbilical cord with headphone cord.
Images show 'evidence' that Vladimir Putin is 'immortal ageless time traveller'
Iman Shumpert helped deliver his daughter with headphones in a bathroom
DNC chair Wasserman Shultz wants taxpayers to pay for broke party's convention
University moves to fire professor who says Sandy Hook massacre is a hoax - and allegedly harassed parents of victims
Man Dies After Being Sucked Into Jet Engine
Humans Are Slamming Into Driverless Cars and Exposing a Key Flaw
phụ khoa - nam khoa - xuất tinh sớm
Britain's Supreme Court says targeting young black men for stop-and-search 'benefits them'
NC SOLAR FARM REJECTED OVER FEAR IT WILL SUCK UP TOO MUCH ENERGY
Man Attacks Roommate for Taking Too Long in Bathroom in NJ: Police
FBI: we don't have the Wu-Tang album, leave us alone
BLIND WIN RULING ON BRAILLE PLAYBOY
Blind win ruling on Braille in Playboy
NBA'S IMAN SHUMPERT DELIVERS BABY IN BATHROOM Used Headphones to Tie Umbilical Cord
St. Paul City Council Passes Anti-Donald Trump Resolution
White House out-trumps Trump by slamming his hair
So Iman Shumpert Just Delivered a Baby and Used His Headphones to Tie the Umbilical Cord
Vladimir Putin Praises Donald Trump, Calls Him 'Bright And Talented'
Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster fights for recognition in Australia
Vladimir Putin calls Donald Trump a 'very bright and talented man'
Kuwait Airways cancels NYC-London route rather than letting Israelis fly.
Entire County Closes Schools Over Islamic Assignment
Huge Assist: Iman Shumpert Delivers His Fiancée's Baby
Woman swerves car to avoid wasp, drives off bridge north of Mackay
FBI doesn't seize pharma exec's Wu-Tang album
Parents Question Choice To Sing 'Allahu Akbar' At Holiday Concert
Barnaby Joyce 'humbled' after being honoured over expelling Johnny Depp's dogs Pistol and Boo
Man sentenced to eight years in prison after plotting to build a 'death ray to kill Muslims'
Woman arrested for selling dog food as heroin.
Will Martin Shkreli have to hand over his Wu-Tang Clan album?
Man imprisoned for 28 YEARS after woman dreamed that he raped her to be freed after another man confesses
Evolutionary biologists have analyzed political opposition to evolution and found it has evolved
Statues mistaken for roof jumpers in Hong Kong
Reports: Castaway sued for $1M for eating shipmate
Yale investigation finds 'no evidence' of racism at frat party alleged to have been for 'white girls only'
So Colorado Springs is processing 70 concealed handgun permits per day right now
Secret US mission in Libya revealed after air force posted pictures
Fugitive monkey goes on the run because he was being bullied
Donald Trump: 'I always felt that I was in the military' by attending a military school
Briton stabbed to death by Canadian during 'bad trip' in Amazon spiritual ceremony
Why Dogs Are Better Than Cats With Carly Fiorina
North African teenager stabs Swedish transvestite to death and hangs a SNAKE around his neck after going to his home and discovering he was not a woman when his wig slipped
Police: Grandma wore fake beard to get into City High
Man imprisoned for 28 years after woman dreamed he raped her | Convicted rapist admits to crime, DA claims confession is a lie.
Pensioner locked in loo for four days, knits scarf
Woman Charged With Hate Crime Following Anti-Muslim Rant At East Bay Park (read the story, this will make so much more sense)
MSNBC's Favorite #BlackLivesMatter Activist Was Just Sentenced to 8 Years for Arson
Tuyệt chiêu trị nám bằng tinh bột nghệ - Kem Top White
Tuna Beheading Raves are the Hot New Thing in Tokyo
Gay Pride "Festivus" Pole to be displayed at Oklahoma State Capitol
Patient plays saxophone while brain tumour removed
Sanctioned by DWP for not looking for work while waiting to start at.. the DWP
Clay Modeling of Frostme Cup Cake | The Finger Family Cup Cakes - Ice Cr...
Rescued Parrot Tells Man To 'Shut The #@$% Up'
The Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster can now perform marriages legally in New Zealand.
Turtles, not drones, more likely to be hit by planes
Civilian Allegedly Lived at Fort Bragg Special Forces Barracks
How DEA Agents Took Down Mexico's Most Vicious Drug Cartel
Guns are killing as many people as Cars
'Catastrophically drunk' Coleraine man couldn't get taxi because he had horse with him, court told
Clay Modeling of Hawaiian Achilles Tang Surgeon Fish Paku ikui | 12345 ...
Is this the world's biggest Belieber? Fan sleeps with cardboard cut-out of Justin Bieber every night
'World's biggest Justin Bieber fan', 22, changed her name to pretend they are MARRIED and even sleeps with life-size cardboard cut-out of the singer
Donald and Darth: how the two leaders compare on key issues
Norway wants to give neighbouring Finns a mountain to climb
Norway wants to move its border 20 metres left - so it can give Finland a mountain
The Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster now approved to marry couples in New Zealand
Virginia school shut down because of Islam homework sheet
Pensioners to be charged £26 'falling fee' to be helped back to their feet by local council - Mirror Online
Italy pensioner dies in biscuit hunting accident
Saudi millionaire cleared of rape after claiming he accidentally penetrated teenager
Ennis priest gives burglar a lift after finding him in wardrobe
Models must have doctor's note to prove they are not too thin, France rules
Bush: 'I've learned not to answer questions'
All schools shut down in Augusta County, Virginia, over Islam homework
'Run and hide': Police chiefs unveil new advice for dealing with UK terror attack
"Alone all around Europe" He made a film while travelling alone 30 cities in Europe for 3 months. The scenes were filmed by passers-by willing to help him.
Norway wants to give a mountain to Finland as an Independence Day present
Furor over Arabic assignment leads Virginia school district to close Friday
Killer sues: Prison out of waffles, served leftover peach cobbler
These smart socks pause Netflix if you fall asleep
President Obama, Joining Bear Grylls, Tests Survival Skills in Alaska
California package thief wrote 'shop lift' on to-do list
Denmark wants to seize jewelry and cash from refugees
Hillary Clinton Says She's Unaware Of Receiving $150,000 In Oil & Gas Contributions
Climate talks chef Marc Veyrat fined for razing forest
Men with sub-machine gun drive vehicle into sea
Hillary Clinton Says She's Unaware Of Receiving $700,000 In Oil & Gas Contributions
Man Attempts to Kill Corpse; Faces 25 Years in Jail
Pensioners to be charged £26 'falling fee' to be helped back to their feet by local council
People in China are buying cans of fresh air from Canada
Ruben Hinojosa Wants Ruben Hinojosa's House Seat
'I got deported from Mexico!' Country expels hundreds of U.S. citizens every year
"I didn't want to cause any trouble." - Man who proposes in the middle of a high way. Houston, TX
All schools shut down in Augusta county, Virginia over Islam homework assignment
Resistance: The people fighting fracking in Scotland
When a school assigned homework on Islam, it drew so many threats the district shut down
Public Policy Polling: 30% of Republican primary voters say they support bombing Agrabah. The fake country from Aladdin
Colo. man imprisoned for 28 years after woman dreamed he raped her expected to be freed after convicted rapist admits to crime
The FBI just announced that it doesn't have the Wu-Tang Clan album
Public Policy Polling: 30% of Republican primary voters say they want to bomb Agrabah. Agrabah is the fake country in Aladdin
Eggless mayo manufacturer wins right to use 'mayo' in product name
Hardcore Fans: Man Beaten to Death For Shouting Spoiler After Star Wars Movie Premier
30% of Republican primary voters nationally say they support bombing Agrabah. Agrabah is the country from Aladdin.
Public Policy Polling: 30% of Republican primary voters nationally say they support bombing Agrabah. Agrabah is the country from Aladdin (source is a PDF)
Legendary thief now a deity at Kerala temple
30% of Republicans Would Support Bombing Aladdin's Homeland of Agrabah
Shotgun-wielding thief no match for store owner and his shoe
The FDA has decided that vegan Just Mayo is actually mayo after all
'World's finest chef' who cooked for Paris climate conference fined for damaging the environment
Poll: 30 percent of Republicans want to bomb country from 'Aladdin'
Michelle Obama Thinks Her Daughters Want Cash, Mac & Cheese for Christmas-But They Definitely Don't
Fla. woman performed fatal C-section on dog, closed it with glue: officials
Justin Bieber fan who changed surname reveals obsession
Pensioners to be charged £26 'lifting fee' for falling over at home
Canada is selling its clean air to China
UK Pensioners To Be Charged 'Falling Fee' By Conservative-Controlled Tendring District Council
58-yr-old Indian-American Sikh fights-off robber with slipper
Martin Shkreli Accused of Being Surprisingly Good at Fraud
Officers use donuts to lure loose pig
Poll: 30 Percent of GOP Primary Voters, 19 Percent of Dems Want to Bomb the Country From Aladdin
elty charge says dog died after Tampa woman performed C-section
U.S. Navy Recruits Gut Microbes to Fight Obesity and Disease
Judge rules New Year's Possum Drop can use live opossum
Henrico bigamist gets more jail time after both wives visit him in jail
High School Teacher's Lesson In Arabic Calligraphy Prompts Closure Of Entire School District
30 percent of Republicans support bombing Agrabah, fictional town of Disney's 'Aladdin': poll
Trailer with $10,000 worth of Little Debbie treats stolen from Walmart
Four Oklahoma GOP Lawmakers Upset by Festivus Pole
Va. schools close over Islam assignment
Fan with £11,000 worth of Force Awakens merchandise excited to see if he likes it
Woman nabbed for selling dog food as heroin
Pensioners who fall will now face a £26 'falling fee' to be helped back up
Green light for driving instructors who accept sex for lessons
Scientists Locate Christmas Spirit In The Brain
Chef who cooked for Paris Climate Conference fined for damaging the environment
Shelter forced to call psychologist to treat bloodthirsty bunny with a taste for human flesh
Cops: Florida man arrested for attempting to break into jail
Isis Pharma considers name change after Paris attacks
Man Beaten to Death For Shouting Spoiler After Star Wars Movie Premier
Lesson on Islam Shuts Down Virginia School District
Granny Locked in Public Restroom Spends 4 Days Knitting Scarf
Islamic State declares war against Saudi Arabia
Judge who caused 'national spectacle' by challenging public defender to fistfight loses his job
Airbus patents designs for convertible plane
Obama Refuses to Drink His Own Pee, Shows His Human Side on 'Bear Grylls'
Oberlin College students criticize food services
Poll: 30% of GOP voters support bombing Agrabah, the city from Aladdin
Dutch veterinarian beaten to a pulp in act of 'senseless violence' by furious owner of a chihuahua he killed (WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGE)
TIL: 30% of republicans want to bomb Aladdin, while 20% of Democrats do, but only Democrats think this makes them any smarter.
Man Who Spoiled New Star Wars Movie Beaten In Theater
New Mexico Governor, Suzana Martinez calls 911 to "call off" officers responding to noise complaint at her hotel room.
Jerusalem court acquits man after determining he is a kohen
Republicans are so bullish on war that 30% would bomb a fictional country
Nutella says nuts to personalized label for a girl named Isis
Police seek cheetah spotted along southeast B.C. highway
PC students at Dunham's college offended by lack of fried chicken
Palestinian Santas Clash With Israeli Soldiers
Militant Jihad's Softer Side
Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster sets up holiday in response to Christians' at Michigan capitol building
Virginia schools shut in Islam calligraphy row
Vegetarian diet is actually worse for the environment, new research says
Flying Spaghetti Monster gets holiday display next to Christians, Jews, Satanists at Michigan capitol building
Woman sues six-year-old girl over skiing accident in Austria
Historian: Evidence proves Hitler had only one testicle
Backlash over lesson about Islam leads to Va. school closings
Head of Chamber of Veterinary sends Christmas wishes sitting on tiger
Man proud his Tamagotchi still alive and doing fine
Driving instructors 'may offer lessons in return for sex', Netherlands government confirms
Head of Chamber of Veterinary sends Christmas wishes sitting on a tiger
Saudi man's family calls for divorce after wife kisses camel
California Homeowner Finds Body in Refrigerator
Tiger Eyes, Crocodile Penis: It's What's For Dinner in Malaysia
Man sues Bethesda because Fallout 4 cost him his job & marriage
61-Year-Old Pastor Marries 19-Year-Old Pregnant Girlfriend With His Wife's Blessing
30% of Republican primary voters nationally say they support bombing Agrabah (the fictional country in Aladdin)
Australia needs more Gun crime - A Plea to Gun Obsessed America From a Concerned Australian
Take a picture with Santa, give your personal data to the Cruz campaign
Professor suspended after saying Christians, Muslims have same God
Russian gamer sues Bethesda because Fallout 4 cost him his job and marriage
Arctic Reindeer Poo Acts as Flame Retardant
'Does anyone know someone who owns a cheetah,' RCMP ask
Obama cuts off press conference to go see 'Star Wars'
A Ukrainian Website Is Outing Russian Soldiers, and Moscow Wants Canada to Stop It.
Alleged hit-and-run driver arrested after her car rats her out
Scarf-wearing cheetah on the loose in snowy Canada
House Republicans propose resolution to protect Christmas
Vermont police try to solve pig problem
Lawyer for Martin Shkreli Hikes Attorney Fees Five Thousand Per Cent
Gordon Ramsay named police chief of Wichita
Obama: GOP is the 'only major party in advanced world' to deny climate change
Calais migrants charging people to view Banksy mural of Apple's Steve Jobs
People Want To Bomb The Fictional Kingdom In 'Aladdin,' But Don't Panic Yet
Police Search For Yarmulke-Wearing Suspect In Bagel Store Hit-And-Run
A Disturbing Number Of Voters Support Bombing Aladdin's (Fictional) Hometown
Martin Shkreli starts YouTube live stream a day after leaving jail
"Pajama Bandit" Found Hiding Underneath Couch
Aurora officer slipped on ice, accidentally shot suspect
3 ISIS Twitter accounts 'trace back to UK govt computers,' claim hackers
Family wants son to divorce wife after she kisses a camel
Sickle-Wearing Skeletons Reveal Ancient Fear of Demons
FBI claims it does not have the new Wu-Tang Clan album
Nutella refuses to give girl named Isis personalized Nutella jar
Cyberbullying insurance now available for the rich
Poll: 30% of Republicans Want to Bomb a Fictional Disney Country
Harvard Creates Placemat Instructing Students To Use Liberal Talking Points Over Christmas
Placemat propaganda: Harvard sorry for giving students tabletop talking points
TIL you can get a gun license with no real experience in Texas. And then you can carry that gun in an elementary school parking lot.
Listen to the Governor of New Mexico defend her Hotel Pizza Party to Cops
Noise complaint brings police to governor's hotel room
Millionaire cleared of raping teenager after claiming he may have accidentally penetrated her when he fell on top of her
Recess could be mandatory in N.J. schools next year
'Bloodthirsty' Bunny Attacks Animal Shelter Staff
The Story Of How Martin Shkreli's $80M Short Trade Blew Up His Life
FBI: We Did Not Seize Shkreli's Wu-Tang Album
Bill seeks to legalize what roller derby skaters already do - collide
A Company Is Selling Bottled Canadian Air to China
Scientist Studies Evolution Of Anti-Evolution Bills, Finds They Aren't Intelligently Designed
30% of Republicans want to bomb Agrabah, the fictional city in Disney's 'Aladdin'
Horror health warning? Scary films really can curdle the blood
Council to charge £26 'falling fee' if elderly need helping back to their feet
Aladdin: 30 Percent of Republicans Support Bombing Disney Prince's Fictional Homeland, Poll Shows
LISTEN: New Mexico's Republican governor harasses cops after hotel party draws noise complaint
New Mexico gov part of allegedly boisterous party that led to police call
Hitler really did have only one testicle, German researcher claims
Adolf Hitler only had one testicle, German historian claims
Two countries had no idea they were in Saudi Arabia's Muslim coalition to fight terrorism
A bunch of Americans just voted in favour of bombing a city that doesn't exist
Essex council proposes £25.92 'lifting charge' to help elderly up when they fall
Fish in Bristol lake to be euthanised to deter fishing
Drug user phones police to complain about dealer
Man suing Foster's for making him think it was Australian
Pretty Bikini hot babes having sexy body | हसीना को आया पसीना अनपे प्रेम...
PC Students Outraged Over "Culturally Insensitive" Coleslaw, Undercooked Rice
One In Four Back Aladdin Kingdom Attack: US Poll
Quincy man sentenced to prison for blackmailing Rabbi
Denville man sues ex for writing "bum" on her alimony checks to him
Quincy man gets 4-5 years in Rabbi black mailing case
Florida Man Steals a Butt Plug Because He Was Too Embarrassed to Buy It
Accused Sex Toy Thief Told Cops He Was "Too Embarrassed" To Actually Pay For The Items
'Stoner Sloth' tells Australian kids to stop smoking weed, people think it's hilarious
NSW government's #stonersloth campaign backfires
Quincy man gets 4 to 5 years in Rabbi black mailing case
Poll: Almost 1/3 Of Republicans Want To Bomb Disney's Aladdin's Fictional Home City
Angry single men stage anti-Christmas rally in Tokyo
Two people taken to hospital after SUV crashes into Moundsville, WV DMV
"Losers with Women" marched through Tokyo's streets today, bashing the upcoming holiday as a capitalist ploy that also discriminates against singletons.
Proposed State Bill Would Make Obtaining Viagra as Difficult as Getting an Abortion
Police: Wisconsin woman sold dog food disguised as heroin
"Losers with Women" marched through Tokyo's streets on Saturday, bashing the coming holiday as a capitalist ploy that also discriminates against singles.
The FBI has yet to seize the Wu-Tang album from Martin Shkreli
Judge Dismisses Taylor Swift Lawsuit Using Taylor Swift Lyrics
Driving instructors can offer lessons in exchange for sex in the Netherlands
More Americans claim to have seen a ghost than a trans person
Churches to celebrate birth of Jesus on Christmas day
Log into most any Linux system by hitting backspace 28 times
AS ALWAYS, LIFE IMITATES TOM WOLFE: Students at Lena Dunham's college offended by lack of fried chicken:
Mall Sues Christmas Lighting Company For Obscene Penis Light Display
Wisconsin woman accused of trying to pass dog food off as heroin
30 percent of Republican voters nationally support bombing Agrabah
CDS Appropriates Asian Dishes, Students Say
Bernie Sanders sues the Democratic Party
Arabic calligraphy lesson causes school security lockdown in Virginia
New poll shows many voters want to bomb Aladdin
A university yoga class was cancelled because it was 'cultural appropriation' of a non-western practice
Icy conditions lead to Police shooting suspect
Baltics tell Trudeau: 'We are a thing'
Oberlin Students Demand Payment for Protests. They also demand "segregated black-only 'safe spaces.'"
Indian IT worker who groped actress at a Shrek-themed amusement park claimed he thought it was how British people introduced themselves
Dutch driving instructors can now accept SEX as payment
Oberlin College Students Protest The Cafeteria Food Not Being "Culturally Accurate" Enough, Demand To Be Paid An Hourly Wage For Their Protesting
gun safety instructor shoots student during demonstration
Palin compares GOP establishment to spousal abusers
Ohio college students offended by culturally appropriated food at dining halls
PC gone mad? Students SLAM 'disrespectful' university for serving FRIED CHICKEN and SUSHI
Dutch learners can now pay for their driving lessons with SEX
Saudi Millionaire cleared of rape said he tripped and penetrated teen.
Cat has 90 per cent support in Russian mayoral race
2 dozen public schools in Virginia closed after a homework assignment drew fury from parents
Barsik the cat a frontrunner in Siberian city election
Medical record shows Hitler only had one testicle
Trump Spokesperson: Why Have Nuclear Weapons 'If You're Afraid To Use' Them?
Dutch Parliament allows driving instructors to be paid in sex
Customs officer sacked for speaking out against smugglers
Dutch driving instructors can trade lessons for sex, govt says
Oberlin students demand payment for protests.
Republicans are so bullish on war that 30% would bomb a fictional country | Trevor Timm
Former aide to Bates president claims discrimination, sues college: Sarah Hulbert, of Auburn, says she was expected to play tennis, jog and watch 'chick flicks' with her boss
Suspected gas leak is cooked sauerkraut
Woman accused of stuffing parakeet down dog's throat
Marion drunk driver ready to take on all terrorists, neighbors and police
Florida Man Arrested For Attempting To Break Into Jail
Rice Recipe Caused Nervous Breakdown
Oberlin College Students Offended by "Culturally Inappropriate" Food
Russian man sues Bethesda after becoming addicted to Fallout 4 and therefore losing his job and wife
Living WWII veteran declared dead by government
Oklahoma Gov. Fallin: Daughter's Trailer at Govenor's Mansion Must Go
Steven Seagal named director of California rifle & pistol association
Meet CRPA's Newest Director: Steven Seagal!
30% of GOP, 19% of Dems Support Bombing Alladin
Elderly Lady Hospitalized After 'Bedazzling' Her Vagina With Granddaughter's Arts And Crafts Kit - See more at: http://now8news.com/elderly-lady-hospitalized-after-bedazzling-her-vagina-with-granddaughters-arts-and-crafts-kit/#sthash.fLu03W4Q.dpuf
Pet Pig Falls Into Manhole, Owner Climbs In With Him
30% of Republicans support bombing Agrabah, fictional city from Aladdin: poll
Exploit Logs You Into Linux Systems After Hitting Backspace 28 Times
Eggless condiment can still be called mayo says FDA
Report: NJ woman sued for writing 'bum' and 'loser' on ex-spouse's alimony checks
Russian gamer sues Bathesda because Fallout 4 cost him his job and marriage
Butt Chugging Cough Syrup: A Disturbing New Trend Among Teens
Teens jailed for wearing sagging pants to school
Sturbridge vandalism suspect tripped up by cheese; Nachos with jalapenos left at scene provide hot clue for police
Tourist killed in psychedelic ritual in Peru
Ohio college students offended by 'culturally appropriated' food
US Republican voters want fictional city from Aladdin bombed
Poll: 30% of Republicans want to bomb Agrabah (from Disney's 'Aladdin')
More Americans claim to have seen a ghost than a trans person [x-post /r/transgender]
Michelle Obama Tells Family Member of San Bernadino Terror Attack She Will Rap in Victim's Honor
New 'super condom' will fight HIV and increase sexual pleasure, scientists claim
30% Republicans support bombing fictional Agrabah in Disney's Aladdin
Mew World Order: Siberian City Backs Cat for Mayor
MN Bank Robbery Suspect Returns To Crime Scene During Liveshot
/r/NotTheOnion's Best of 2015 Awards
Fallout 4 Player Sues Bethesda After Losing Wife and Job
A scandal is erupting in the world of hipster chocolate
Guy sues Bethesda for losing wife and job over Fallout 4 addiction
Darwin prisoner found bashed and blind drunk after drinking fellow inmates' home brew
Angry single men protest against Christmas in Tokyo
Man 'stole butt plugs because he was too embarrassed to pay for them'
Man Steals Butt Plug Because He's 'Embarrassed' To Buy It
Liberal students at Lena Dunham's alma mater Oberlin College object to 'culturally appropriative sushi' and non-authentic Chinese food.
Poll: 30% of GOP voters support bombing of Agrabah, the city from Aladdin
Liberal students at Lena Dunham's alma mater Oberlin College object to 'culturally appropriative sushi', non-authentic Chinese food and Indian dishes made with beef in scathing attack on 'disrespectful' canteen
Against all odds, print books are on the rise again in the US
A lot of Americans support bombing the fictional city in 'Aladdin'
Truck crashes through Arby's restaurant, killing customer
Republican Voters Have Surprisingly Strong Feelings About Bombing Aladdin's Homeland of Agrabah
Bethlehem: Palestinian protesters dressed as Santa Claus clash with Israeli army in the West Bank
Police shut down photo exhibition of naked natural women because they're 'indecent'
Norway Offers Migrants a Lesson in How to Treat Women
Danish MEP quits party over plan to take refugee valuables
Oberlin College Students: Cafeteria Food Is Racist
KSA alert to danger of "digital drugs"
Starving children 'as young as NINE forced to give UN officials oral sex to get food'
German church hosts galactic service to celebrate Star Wars release
Siberian Cat is front runner in mayoral election
Father cuts umbilical cord with iPhone USB Cable in roadside delivery
52 year old Canadian guy gets adopted as a 6 year old girl.
People in China buying fresh canned air from Canada
Hitler really did have just one ball: historian
Teeth of Americans not better than the English, study suggests
Canadian Company Bottles Air and Sells It to China
Moving mountains: Norway wants to give Finland a new highest peak
e-okul veli bilgilendirme sistemi
Wife finds female burglar in husband's PJs, deputies say.
Burglars break into bakery, steal only caramel cakes ... then sell them
Texas plumber has 'No Idea' how company truck ended up with ISIS.
Fake bomb prompts emergency landing of Air France flight
Bush talks Trump: it's 'liberating to run against guy not qualified' for presidency
Barsik the cat voted more popular than other mayoral candidates in Siberian city in protest of corruption
Yale Students Sign Petition To Repeal The 1st Amendment [VIDEO]
Polluted nuclear weapons site to become tourist destination
Coyote seen using the sidewalk in southwest Oakville
Two Teachers Charged After Having A Threesome With 16-Year-Old Student
Santa Claus hanging from noose along busy Fayette County highway. WV woman weighs in.
Man calls 911 requesting rolling papers thinking he called his friend
Burglar stuck in chimney dies after homeowner lights fire
Donald Trump on Putin: 'Nobody Has Proven That He's Killed Anyone'
Another Primark customer finds letter 'from Chinese torture victim' in pair of socks
Oberlin College Students Cry 'Cultural Appropriation' Over Serving Of Undercooked Sushi Rice
Reindeer on the loose causes chaos in Nottingham after escaping from Tesco
Marijuana Arrest after Man Phones 911 for Rolling Papers
Church doubles attendance with 'Star Wars'-themed service
Berlin church's Star Wars-themed service a hit with congregation
Citizens of Oslo (Capital of Norway) voted a man who claims that in accordance with Islam homosexuality is forbidden and punishable as their citizen of the year
How the Mast Brothers fooled the world into paying $10 a bar for crappy hipster chocolate
German church celebrates 'Star Wars' at a Sunday service
Finally, an Explanation for Hillary Clinton's Long Bathroom Break
Firefighters sue siren maker over hearing loss
Man Steals Butt Plug Because He's 'Embarrassed' To Buy It: Police
Weedman stabs Beerman at Times Square, Alien and Predator witnesses
Man stabbed in 100-strong wild brawl in Melbourne's south east, 12 arrested, samurai sword seized
Jeb Bush: "I hated" being the frontrunner
Caring for 137-year-old fruitcake becomes a stale family tradition
North Korean band's shows cancelled over 'anti-American lyrics'
ISIS are using secret messages hidden among pictures of kittens with bombs to groom and recruit youngsters
Islamist uses kittens to groom recruits
Deputies: Meth lab found in back of car at Walmart
Doing it right in Lakeview attracts police attention
Venezuela frees Pepsi workers it arrested for not making enough Pepsi
Steve Harvey Messes Up & Announces Wrong Winner at Miss Universe Pageant
Angry single men are staging an anti-Christmas rally in Tokyo
In a first, East Texas judge hits patent troll with attorneys' fees
'Stoner sloth' anti-drug campaign drives traffic to site promoting cannabis use
Miss Universe: Steve Harvey Crushes Pageant Dreams In Awkward Mix-Up - Watch
Beer drinker sues Miller Brewing Co for misleading Foster's advertising
NFL player gets game ball for pooping on sideline during game
Florida man breaks into ex's house and poops on select items in her home
"Horrible mistake:" Steve Harvey accidentally announces Colombia, first runner up, as Miss Universe
Miss Universe crown presented, taken away from Colombia in botched announcement
Miss Universe crowned then, um, recrowned
Bjorn the reindeer charges down Nottingham street after escaping from Tesco store
Steve Harvey mistakenly crowns the wrong Miss Universe
Steve Harvey Crowns the Wrong Winner at Miss Universe
Cop Who Threatened To Kill Ferguson Protesters Says His Life Is 'Ruined'
Stunned disbelief as Miss Universe crown mistakenly presented to 1st runner-up
Miss Universe host calls the wrong first winner
'Time traveler' crashes car into Pensacola business
Steve Harvey Announces Wrong Miss Universe Winner
Steve Harvey mistakenly crowns the wrong Miss Universe 2015
Relocated 350kg crocodile swims 400km to return home
Six-Legged Giant Finds Secret Hideaway, Hides For 80 Years : Krulwich Wonders... : NPR
Prof: Say 'Happy Federal Holiday' Instead of 'Merry Christmas' Prof: Say 'Happy Federal Holiday' Instead of 'Merry Christmas'
California to Ban Driverless Cars Unless a Driver is Behind the Wheel
Tin tức thư viện tổng hợp- Tin tức 24h mới nhất trong ngày
'Trailer Park Boys' rye whisky hits Nova Scotia liquor stores
Boy Madly kissing and pressing her chest and booty curves | बगीचेमे मे क...
Conservationist to fly 4,500 miles in motorised parachute to save UK swan
The ski slope apartment block planned for Kazakhstan's capital
Man who drove a $1M Bugatti into a lake is going to jail
Medical record shows Hitler only had one testicle: Media
Obama administration asks high court to reject Colorado marijuana case
'Stoner sloth' anti-drug campaign gets reality check as medical experts walk away
Poll: 30% of Republicans want to bomb Agrabah, the made-up home of Disney's 'Aladdin'
Elderly lady suffocates to death in biscuit hunting accident
Majority of Star Wars: The Force Awakens-goers are adult men with no kids
Naughty babies with their wet panties and dancing booty | गीला बदन पानी ...
Experts: Jet crew shouldn't tell passengers of bomb scare
Indonesia: Zoo Keeper Accused of Impregnating Female Orangutan
JK Rowling Endorses Black Hermione Granger in Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
A wall in Israel to keep out immigrants
Home man charged with digging 15-foot-deep,2-room cave
Knife-wielding Santa Claus robs KFC
Man asks cops not to ticket his car with humorous note and a bag of snacks
Russian Woman Believes She Was Photobombed By An 'Alien' After Posting Bizarre Selfie
Damage by ISIL comparable to Prophet Mohammad cartoons, says head of Turkish Diyanet
Teacher loses marriage, home and job after student fakes terminal cancer to get her to look after her
Cornwall student Elisa Bianco jailed for ruining female lecturer's life with lies
Mother once targeted for murder to use Pornhub scholarship to attend Troy University
N.J. Boy Scout leader held captive by frightened bear. Avoidable?
Cheer Up, Obama's Legacy Can Be Erased
WATCH: Lenny Dykstra, playing Santa and armed with stripper elves, sticks up for Pete Rose
Transgender Larimer jail deputy hangs up holster
Medical record shows Hitler only had one testicle, reports German media
Watch the game show Florida uses to teach mental patients to be competent to stand trial
A Woman Who's Gone on 150 Tinder Dates Reveals the Biggest Mistakes Men Make
Woman, 79, injured in Stockport Asda escalator 'prank'
Woman Who Has Been On 150 Tinder Dates Explains What Men Get Wrong
Shell shock over turtle-riding scheme :: Cayman Compass
Fallout 4 'addict' loses wife and job, sues Bethesda
250 people pay it forward at a florida McDonald's drive-thru
Marco Rubio Shocked He's Labeled a 'Bigot' Despite Opposing Equal Rights for Gay People: Watch
Martin Shkreli Says He Was Only Acting Like an Awful Person As Part of a 'Social Experiment'
Nursing Home Workers Share Explicit Photos of Residents on Snapchat
Runaway reindeer that escaped from Tesco event 'recovering'
Black Actress Noma Dumezweni To Play Hermione In Harry Potter Stage Adaptation
Does Santa Claus believe in climate change?
French power station generates electricity from cheese.
Sanders: DNC not treating me fairly
Town rejects solar panels saying they would "suck up all the sun's energy"
French power station generates electricity for 1,500 homes from cheese
More Americans claim to have seen a ghost than a transgender person
Granny locked in public restroom spends four days knitting scarf
Poll finds 41% likely Trump voters would bomb 'Aladdin' city
7 people die after climbing down well in Cambodia to retrieve 75 cents that had dropped
Man sues Bethesda over his 'Fallout 4' addiction
Say cheese! Virginia DMV now allowing customers to smile in license photos
I've Been Thankful for My Abortion Every Single Day Since I Had It
Summer toothbrush caper at Dongan Hills drug store remains unsolved
Ukraine media says govt has banned Limp Bizkit leader Durst
'Affluenza' Teen Victim's Dad Not Surprised by Disappearance
Kylo Ren and Snoke: not quite evil enough for the Vatican
National Geographic dubs Virgin Mary "World's Most Powerful Woman"
Share , , , , Print Posted in: MUSIC NEWS Islamic State Adopt Darude's Sandstorm As National Anthem
Impaired Zamboni Driver To Be Charged
Russian Man Sues Bethesda After Fallout 4 Bender Destroys His Marriage, Health
Pensioners could be charged £26 'fall-over fee' by council
Fallout 4 player sues Bethesda for losing self-control (job, wife too)
Vatican paper says 'The Force Awakens' is not evil enough
UK's first female fighter pilot wastes millions in taxpayer money after quitting. She did not realize that ground attack and air to air combat would involve killing people
Man with 'Fuck Cops' tattooed on his forehead is charged with robbing victim - who had no trouble identifying him
Ho-ho-hot: 'Fashion Santa' has adults lining up for mall pictures with St Nick
US university accused of cultural appropriation over 'undercooked' sushi rice
Police: Wis. woman sold dog food as heroin
Man sues Bethesda over 'Fallout 4' addiction
CBGB To Reopen As A Restaurant In The Newark Airport
30 per cent of Republicans polled supported bombing Agrabah, the fictional city in Aladdin
Lenny Kravitz accused of running illegal dental surgery in the Bahamas
Wisconsin woman accused of selling dog food as heroin
CBGB Is Reopening... As a Restaurant in Newark Airport
Ontario wants you to donate your next tax rebate to help pay down the debt - CityNews
Norway now offering formal instruction to refugees that rape is wrong
America's Biggest Shopping Mall Just Filed a Restraining Order Against Black Lives Matter
Dutch driving instructors can trade lessons for sex
CBGB Is Reopening At Newark Airport, As A Restaurant
Hilary Clinton moves to create Manhattan Project-esque think tank to develop a digital Skeleton Key
The pot business may be legal, but newspapers can't run ads for it, the U.S. Postal Service says
Wrong contestant mistakenly crowned at Miss Universe
Man used stick during Chelmsford holdup
Man sue's company over Fallout 4 addiction
Blind Girl Who Was Banned From Using Cane At School 'Forced Out After Bullying Campaign'
Blind girl banned from using white stick forced to change schools in Gloucestershire
Hello,Am Stewart Jack,From the Canada
The North Face founder dies in Patagonia
Martin Shkreli claims his persona was just "a social experiment"
I haven't had sex for over 10 years.
Police: Angry man shot co-worker in the butt over joke
Oberlin Students Take Culture War to the Dining Hall
Not killer's day: Gun malfunctions, murderer gets stuck in elevator with victim
Celebrity Hipster Chocolatiers Reportedly Sold Remelted Commercial Chocolate
La Grange man charged with running meth lab was making wine, mom says
Man Stabbed in Butt on Train Platform Didn't Notice Until He Got Home: NYPD
Drama as teachers clobber each other silly over a packet of condoms
Former Christian group official accused of kicking puppy
Executive Decision: Steven Seagal Named Head of California NRA Affiliate
Gamer sues Bethesda after losing his wife and job to 'Fallout 4' addiction
Gay men can once again donate blood - if they haven't had sex for a year
Power Station Generates Electricity From Cheese
Chelsea Clinton is Expecting Second Child
Tess Holliday says Victoria's Secret is perpetuating the image of what's wrong with America and with society.
New Jersey scoutmaster fights off bear with hammer
Lenny Kravitz Accused Of Illegal Dentistry In The Bahamas
Residents in Cornwall want overturned van to be given World Heritage status
Shield, the signal proof headwear...a Kickstarter for a Tin Foil Hat
Shark 'lands on surfer Dean Norburn's board' at Bondi Beach
WATCH: Suspected Bank Robbery Caught On Live TV
Very Hot Former Austin, Texas teacher Haeli Noelle Wey arrested over alleged relationships with students
Donald Trump says he hates some journalists, but would 'never kill' them
People Who Were Certain Climate Change Is Fake Are Now Certain That Paris Can't Stop It
Police: Woman Chants "ISIS is good, ISIS is great" During Sex
Thrill-seeking tourist leaps out of chairlift and into tiger pen after he's 'overcome with excitement'
Donald Trump on reporters: 'I would never kill them'
Radio DJ plays Wham's Last Christmas 24 times in row after barricading himself in studio
Eating 'Authentic' Food From Other Cultures Declared Racist
State Police bust robbery spree that included stick-ups of horse and buggy drivers
Islamic State Adopt Darude's Sandstorm As National Anthem
Nicholas Cage returns stolen dinosaur skull to Mongolia
High school team goes rogue, tries to start 2 goalies
Kim Kardashian's Butt Gets Its Own Emoji
Florida professor to be fired for saying Sandy Hook was a hoax
Actor Nicolas Cage seen returning stolen dinosaur skull he bought
Donald Trump calls Hillary Clinton 'disgusting' for using the restroom during a debate
Bill Maher and Bill O'Reilly are related through ancient Celtic King
Cat Gets Loose on Delta Flight, Tries to Realize Dream of Being A Flight Attendant
Knife-wielding Santa robs KFC restaurant, police say
Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst is banned from Ukraine for five years for security reasons
Manitoba Zamboni operator arrested at hockey game for impaired driving
Actor Nicolas Cage agrees to return stolen skull of dinosaur Tyrannosaurus bataar to Mongolia
Student jailed for manipulating lecturer with lies she had terminal cancer
The US war on drugs has been "found guilty" of killing thousands of people south of the border
Texas mother, once target of murder plot, wins PornHub's $25G scholarship award.
Actor Nicolas Cage returns stolen dinosaur skull he bought
Airlines Introduce a Seat Worse Than Coach
An advertisement for a Queensland university has been recalled after an image of a penis was found hidden in campaign poster.
Beijing residents buy fresh air from Canada
Helena teen charged after online threat regarding "Star Wars" spoiler
China smog: Beijing residents buy fresh air from Canada
In 2020, China is launching a mandatory "good citizen" credit system, and its absolutely terrifying.
Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton 'got schlonged' in 2008
Brunei bans Christmas celebrations in public, including wearing Santa hats
French power station turning cheese into electricity for 1,500 inhabitants in Albertville | Europe | News
Nineteen-Hour 'Standoff' Ends With Law Enforcement Officers Destroying An Empty House
Harvard apologizes for tip sheet advising students how to talk about refugees and 'black murders in the street'
Man killed by shark in Caribbean while being rescued by coast guard
Zambonj driver charged with drunk driving. Guess the country...
Mallu Aunty Hot Night Romance with Boyfriend
Pathological Liar Donald Trump Calls Sanders and Clinton Liars
Russian to sue computer company after 3-week-long gaming session led to loss of job & wife
Kim Kardashian's Kimoji app crashes Apple Store
HomeNews Chemical tanker truck bursts, spews nauseous orange fumes near playground
Zimbabwe to make Chinese yuan legal currency after Beijing cancels debts
Nicolas Cage Returns Stolen Dinosaur Skull to Mongolian Government
The Simplest Way To Improve Your Penis Size
Nicolas Cage returns stolen Mongolian dinosaur skull he bought at gallery
At Oberlin, foodies seek a 'safe space'
New Laws To Punish Cyclists For Being Struck By Cars
Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst has been banned from Ukraine
Dutch driving instructors told they can offer lessons in return for sex
Orlando Bloom deported from India despite being invited by government
Model Photographers Romance with Hot Female Model
Bengaluru Techy Fails Civil Services Exam, Attacks 20 People With A Sword In A Fit Of Rage
Sepp Blatter Is Suspended for Eight Years, Compares Self to Mandela
News Nicolas Cage returns stolen Mongolian dinosaur skull he bought at gallery
We Spoke to a Woman Who's Addicted to Smashing Her Face into Bread
Bahamian authorities shut down Lenny Kravitz's dental practice
Player Sues 'Fallout 4' Creator For Making The Game Too Addictive
US man accused of Kung Fu Panda fraud
Naked man took ecstacy pill found in Kinder Surprise and abducted six-year-old after running amok through Toys R Us
Nicolas Cage returns stolen dinosaur skull to Mongolia
North Korea chastises 'slanderous' Canada, Trudeau over reaction to jailed pastor - World - CBC News
Tri-State Area Firefighters Sue Siren Manufacturer, Claim Hearing Loss
Sarah Palin Made a '30 Rock' Parody with John McCain, Lindsey Graham, and the Real Dot Com
Why it's a good sign if you curse a lot
Mallu Aunty & Bachelor Student Seducing Hot Masala
Grandma arrested for flinging falafel at her husband
Stalin Center Opens in Central Russia
Jeremy Vine is reported to BBC for 'breach' of equality and diversity code by saying he had MAN FLU on air
19-Year-Old Attempts to Rob Off-Duty Trooper At Gunpoint During Sale of Firearm
Manitoba police ice Zamboni driver with impaired driving charge
VIDEO: Students Sign Petition to Ban Racist Song 'White Christmas'
Congress Democrats and Republicans just overwhelmingly voted in favor to pass a 2,200 page $1.14 trillion dollar spending bill - before a single member had a chance to actually read any of it.
AT&T, DirecTV Deliver 'Merger Synergies' By Raising Rates In Perfect Unison
Hillary Was Late to Her Debate Because She Wouldn't Pee in a Public Restroom
Zamboni operator in rural Canada faces impaired driving charges. Police say "the machine was striking the rink's boards and moving erratically around the ice."
Wisconsin woman sold dog food as heroin to police informant
Ride-booking business' unique clientele: Drunk collegians
World Heritage Status Bid For Crashed Car Fails
Junta leader writes new song, leaving Thais to face the music
Man's Search for Jumper Cables in Newport Leads to Disorderly Arrest
Lenny Kravitz Accused Of Illegal Dentistry
Woman wins $1,000 for naming a mall in Sengkang Sengkang Mall
Canandaigua man legally changes name to Darth Vader
The World's First Vegan Butchershop, The Herbivorous Butcher, Opens in January
Database Leak Exposes 3.3 Million 'Hello Kitty' Fans
Nicolas Cage returns stolen dinosaur skull
Elaborate Proposal Turns Into Trainwreck When Woman Deems Diamond Too Small
Ontario wants you to donate your next tax rebate to help pay down the debt
Girlfriend turns down marriage proposal because diamond is too small
Marriage proposal flop: Woman turns down boyfriend because diamond is too small
Gamer sues game manufacturer over losing wife and job to addiction
Former state police officer assaults off-duty Rush Township officer over Fantasy Football
Suspect with devil horns and 'F- Cops' tattooed on face proves easy to find
Students Sign Petition to Ban 'Racist' Song 'White Christmas' from Radio
German machine vends books in exchange for unwanted presents
Gamer sues manufacturer after losing wife and job to addiction
Police searching for thieves in violent Toys 'R' Us robbery
Community outraged after developers attempt to rename South Bronx 'The Piano District'
Lawyers Behaving Badly: Lawyer pulls stun gun and pepper spray in courtroom
Man Arrested for Doing Lines of Cocaine Off of Table at Clarendon Pizza Shop
Bernie Sanders says Sandra Bland would still be alive if she were white
Brunei cancels Christmas: Sultan warns those celebrating could face up to five years in jail
'Ginger Extremist' Held Under Mental Health Act
Woman shouting 'Isis is great' during sex reported to police by 82-year-old neighbour
Nicholas Cage Agrees to Return Stolen Dinosaur Skull to Mongolia
Trump denounces 'lie of the year' award
DeLand store offers free shotgun with jewelry purchase
Nicolas Cage to return stolen dinosaur skull
'Transaging'?: Father leaves wife, 7 children to live as 6-year-old girl
Astronaut Tries To Phone Parents From Space Station But Gets Answering Machine Instead
Bizarre: Delhi boy has sex with calf, admitted to AIIMS Hospital! (India)
Woman Who Assaulted Lover With Fake Penis Jailed For Eight Years
Gayle Newland jailed for eight years for fake penis sex assault
7 ways Hillary Clinton is just like your abuela
New York man legally changes his name to Darth Vader
Zambia pardons singer who raped 14 year old - makes him ambassador against sexual violence
The Most Canadian story I have seen in a while
Free Access: Jobs Autos Pets Homes Classifieds Contests Deals Display Ads Special Sections Best In The World Legals Advertise HomeNewsCrimewatch McAlester man allegedly tells woman he loves her before setting her on fire
'Ginger extremist' who plotted to kill Prince Charles so Harry could be king is detained under mental health act
Combative Christie rips Trump-Clinton feud: Nobody cares
Totally Not Drunk New Mexico Governor Chastises Cops For Breaking Up Her Hotel Party
Nicolas Cage agrees to return stolen dinosaur skull
Wily coyote finds a way into airport but is quickly trapped
Mysterious Golden Object Stumps Experts, Gets Solved by Facebook
Police: Woman arrested after fighting with husband who wouldn't stop farting
Orthodox rabbi used brutal methods and tools, including handcuffs and electric cattle prods, to torture unwilling husbands into granting their wives religious divorces.
EDM Fans Mistake Armed Robbery For Rave After Being Told To Put Their Hands In The Air
Referring to Hillary Clinton Trump uses the phrase "she got schlonged"
Nicolas Cage Agrees to Return Stolen Dinosaur Skull to Mongolia
Concussion-Related Measures Improved in High School Football Players Who Drank New Chocolate Milk, UMD Study Shows
Bethlehem bans "Merry Christmas" sign at town's holiday display
Prince Charles murder plot: 'Ginger terrorist' detained under Mental Health Act
Teen gets herpes from Dads used condom doing "Condom Challenge"
Attila frontman selling phone number to fans for $50 a month
Nicolas Cage returns stolen Mongolian dinosaur skull
Students at Oberlin College blame dining hall for cultural appropriation
Man jailed after student threatened over "Star Wars" spoiler
Ontario government politely asks its residents to donate their tax rebate to reduce government debt
Albuquerque Man Arrested After Stealing Mom's Stew: Police
Coyote Breaks into Myrtle Beach Airport
Las Vegas hit-run suspect was lauded for turning life around
White men must be stopped: The very future of mankind depends on it
Nicolas Cage Returns Stolen Dinosaur Skull He Bought For $276,000
Students Sign Petition to Ban Racist Song 'White Christmas'
AZ lawmaker who believes Earth 6,000 years old leads education panel
Homeless man squats in Special Forces barracks for months, posing as an SF Sgt. Arrested while leading formation and brief.
Australia's 'Stoner Sloth' drug PSA has backfired, and it's absolutely magical (21 Photos & Video)
People Outraged that the New England Patriots Follow the Salary Cap Rules
National Treasure Actor Nicolas Cage returns stolen dino skull.
Every Chinese citizen will soon have a score based on how they live and conform
'Star Wars' Ultimate Fan? Behind the Biggest 'Force Awakens' Marathon
Prince Charles murder plot: 'Ginger extremist' detained under Mental Health Act
Man sues Fallout 4 developer Bethesda over 'addiction' to game that lost him his job and his wife
Adult Playground, Yes -- But Can We Still Be Safe Walking The Strip?
A Russian man has sued Bethesda Studios for not informing gamers before about the addictive nature of Fallout 4
Russian man sues Bethesda for making Fallout 4 'too addictive'
Lunch lady fired for giving free lunch to hungry student
Milk jug triggers bomb squad visit to busy street
Wait, what?! Louisville removes sidewalk in the name of pedestrian safety
Wheeling board grants funeral home permission to serve alcohol
This season, a notorious pirate gives the music industry an expensive gift
Detention order for 'ginger extremist' who plotted to kill Charles so Harry could be king
Man jailed after threatening to shoot boy over Star Wars spoiler
Zamboni driver charged with impaired driving after damaging rink, police say
Hashing out pot issues: Chino Valley officials appear eager to move on zoning
City of Beijing Builds Museum Dedicated Entirely to the Life of Stephon Marbury | Bleacher Report
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmed Davutoglu slammed Russia on Tuesday for bombing moderate rebels and civilians in Syria, arguing that Moscow's aerial campaign has boosted the Islamic State group.
Trump: Clinton Was 'Schlonged' In 2008 Nomination Race
Man accused of threatening to shoot student over 'Star Wars' spoilers
Man Sues Video Game Maker: Addiction to 'Fallout 4' Cost Me Marriage, Job
The Politics of Christmas in Croatia: Christmas star removed- We Do Not Celebrate Communism Here
Clinton: 'I Wouldn't Keep Any School Open That Wasn't Doing A Better Than Average Job'
Japanese mathematician claims to have solved a notorious maths problem, but nobody understands it
Should We Bomb Agrabah? SURE!
Italy: Town bans pizza making over soaring pollution
'Ginger extremist' held indefinitely over plot to kill Prince Charles
Donald Trump wins PolitiFact's 'Lie of the Year,' doesn't take it lying down
Man charged after stopping busy freeway to propose
GOP lawmaker: E-cigs could 'very well save my life'
Record Number of Americans Are Drinking Themselves to Death
Minneapolis son killed his mother with a statue of himself after arguing over bedbugs
Man murders mother with statue of himself over bed bugs
Burglar gets stuck in ceiling in Krasnoyarsk, Russia
Jim Carrey Dead At Age 53 - Comedian Actor Dies At 53
Sultan of Brunei bans Christmas 'because it could damage faith of Muslims'
Man Sues Bethesda Over His Fallout 4 "Addiction" - Report
PM pens new song for support
Russian Communist Party Created an Icon with Slalin's Image for His Birthday
'Ginger avenger' terrorist who plotted to kill Prince Charles so redhead Harry could become King is detained indefinitely for treatment
Santa Claus confirms NSA attack on naughty or nice database
'Ginger extremist' Mark Colborne found guilty of plot to kill Prince Charles to make Harry king Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2015/09/23/ginger-extremist-found-guilty-of-plot-to-kill-prince-charles-to-make-harry-king-5403627/#ixzz3v6Mzhk9p
Truck crash with 2,600 piglets causes $90,000 in damage
Clinton's Hispanic outreach sparks online backlash: "A post...meant to showcase how the former secretary of State is like 'your abuela'...is drawing mockery... The post was pilloried by Twitter users, who said Clinton never had to face the hardships of their own Hispanic grandmothers"
Saudi authorities close down shop selling traditional camel urine drinks... after discovering the owner had been filling the bottles with his own bodily waste
Man faces jail for naked rampage through Dundee Toys R Us
Kim Jong-Un Starts Glorious New Hat Trend in North Korea
Every Member Of EMMURE Just Quit Except Vocalist Frankie Palmeri
Manitoba Zamboni Operator facing impaired driving charges
Saudis shut down camel urine shop: owner was selling his own urine
Snoop Dogg Will Get a $5,000 Marijuana Gift From Oregon Pot Community
Monkey drives bus, rams it into two other vehicles.
Millennials: Don't Call Us Millennials
Urgent Care Business Moving Into Former White Castle
Monkey starts engine, drives bus at station
A Russian Laboratory Has Invented A Way To Remove The Black Skin Layer Of Black People
Man Says Cop Crushed His Scrotum During Violent Arrest
Thailand's junta releases poll showing 99.3% of citizens happy with its performance
Hoa lu - Tam coc - Excursions in Vietnam Ninh Binh province located in South of Red river Delta, 100 km from Hanoi - Where is home of many ethnic minorities people: Muong, Thai, Hoa, H'mong, Dao...
Trump: 'Schlonged' is not vulgar
Ron Rivera: Panthers no longer will use baseball bat during pregame
Woman bites off husband's ear over a beer
You can now get a free shotgun with jewelry purchase in DeLand, Florida
[Guardian]Man arrested over threat to shoot friend who revealed Star Wars spoiler
Christie: 'Sopranos,' 'Jersey Shore' hurts me with N.H. voters
Reduce wrapping paper waste this Christmas
Report: Steve Harvey signs multi-year deal to host Miss Universe despite mistake during pageant, sources tell @etnow
Thai prime minister releases 'morale-boosting' song
Arrest report: Man who stopped freeway traffic for proposal gave officer the middle finger
Anti-Islam Senate candidate claims she is being discriminated against by bosses
Drug-fuelled rampage ends with a nap
The Pirate Bay Co-Founder Makes 'Kopimashin' Music Piracy Device,Device creates $10m daily music 'loss'
Santa flags down burning recycling truck in Queanbeyan
Sarah Palin parodies Sarah Palin via Tina Fey, by Sarah Palin. it ain't Tina Fey, just ain't
Blind Bell Ringer Attacked, recalls seeing blood dripping from his nose.
English speaking condo owner files human rights complaint after board holds meetings in Mandarin
Man Wearing Sexy French Maid Outfit And Dog Collar Among 95 Busted In Prostitution Sting
Cards Against Humanity buys Picasso, threatens to chop it to bits and give it away
China has made obedience to the State a game
Poll finds 99% happy with government
Clinton campaign: '7 ways Hillary Clinton is just like your abuela'
Michael Vick's Former Home Is Now A Haven For Abused Dogs
Truck carrying 2,600 piglets crashes on NC interstate
Old Lady Calls Cops On Neighbors Chanting 'ISIS Is Good' During Sex: Police
Ukraine to Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst: Keep rollin' on - you're banned
Monkey drives bus, rams it into 2 other vehicles
Bernie Sanders Wants Donald Trump To Know He Also Went To The Bathroom
UK public health official wants obesity ranked as 'national risk' alongside terror threat
Man kills his mother with a sculpture of himself after becoming upset about bed bugs
Meet Cornwall's "Psycho Bunny"
Lithuanian defense ministry's new emergency survival guide now has colourful pictures
Montana man arrested for threatening to shoot boy over 'Star Wars' revelation
Corned beef and mayonnaise under lock and key from being stolen too often
The article writer want to make sure the monkey in the photo is not the same that did the crime.
Cop shoots dead mum-of-three after slipping on ice while aiming at family's dog
Former Sabah vice chief jailed 100 years for rape, sodomy
'Ginger extremist' sentenced for terror conspiracy, plot to kill Prince Charles
Nicolas Cage agrees to return stolen dinosaur skull to Mongolian government
If you're angry with clowns selling balloons, don't call 999, say police
Maid at girls' college found to be man
'Ride for a ride'; Pay for driving lessons with sex - in the Netherlands
The joints of meat that do more damage than a long-haul flight By George Monbiot
Spanish energy giant Abengoa's collapse predicted by 17-year-old
Sacrifice: The joints of meat that do more damage than a long-haul flight.
Corned beef and mayonnaise under lock and key in Auckland supermarket
More than 3,000 Washington prisoners mistakenly freed early since 2002
Father who saved son's life from hospital who wanted son's organs speaks out about his ordeal and getting thrown in jail for saving his son's life. Doctors and hospital staff still working there and no charges for attempted murder levied against them!
Man arrested over threat to shoot friend who revealed Star Wars spoiler
Gorgeous girl and hot boys at the swimming pool | गरम जिस्म टहनड़ा पानी ...
This Cat Is The Current Frontrunner For Mayor Of A Siberian Town
Sexy Bellybutton and huge tights are so delicious | उचे स्तन नरम जंघे नश...
At lottery-fixing trial, prosecutor wants Bigfoot kept out
Russian Prostitutes Hike Rates Over Slumping Ruble
Drunk man arrested after he touched mannequin and took off his clothes in JD Sports
Kim Davis: I "failed so miserably at marriage"
Woman bites off husband ear over a beer.
Woman bit off husband's ear over a beer.
Google's robot Christmas card is seriously disturbing
Boston Dynamics Delivers Holiday Message With Robo-Reindeer
You're a mean one, Mr. Grinch, but you might avoid jail
Trump pledges never to kill journalists
China opens a shrine to mark its love affair with disgraced former Fifa president Sepp Blatter
Austrian radio DJ barricades door and plays Last Christmas 24 times in a row
Complaint: Woman bit off husband's ear over a beer
Jets sign WR who once held 'Will run routes 4 food' sign outside a stadium
Florida woman dies after being forcibly removed from hospital by police
Man jailed over 'Star Wars' spoiler threat
Filmgoer named Star Wars marathon champ after watching saga for 46 hours straight
Facebook users solve mystery of 'ancient' relic unearthed in Jerusalem
Donald Trump: My Use of 'Schlonged' Was 'Not Vulgar'
Hillary Clinton favors closing half the nation's schools
Man sues game maker 'after losing wife and job to Fallout 4 addiction'
Woman Dies While Being Forcibly Removed From Hospital
Miss Colombia offered $1 million for sex tape from Vivid Entertainment after Miss Universe disaster
College Students Sign 'Petition' to Ban 'White Christmas' Because It's Racist
Mother unhappy with Santa's pose with special-needs child
Miss Colombia offered $1M to appear in porn film after Miss Universe controversy
Angry bees are easily distracted by food, study finds
Miami-Dade police release 'worst police sketch in history' for case
Girl calls 911 in panic over Elf on Shelf and fears she had destroyed 'the magic of Christmas'
"Porn Scenting Dogs" detect adhesive compounds from storage devices
Consumer study: 'being a woman costs more than being a man'
Roofer Jailed After Attacking Girlfriend When She Asked If He Wanted McDonalds While Dieting
Going to jail party turns violent
Fallout 4 Addict Sues Game Company After Losing Wife
Austrian radio station punishes DJ who played Last Christmas 24 times in a row
Oberlin College Apologizes to Students for Serving Culturally Insensitive Meals That Honestly Look Pretty Okay For Cafeteria Food
Physicists and Philosophers Hold Peace Talks
Naughty monkey gets behind the wheel of a bus, escapes without hurting anyone.
Couple 'brutally beat up a blind Salvation Army bell ringer with his own charity kettle after he cut the line at a burger restaurant'
'Ginger extremist' who fantasized about killing Prince Charles so Harry could be king detained indefinitely
Taylor Swift to 1989: "You Belong With Me" (as a Trademark)
Rand Paul airs Festivus grievances
Police: Man sets adult diaper and feces on fire in front of neighbor's door
Florida woman arrested after attacking husband for farting
Sri Lanka man arrested 'for smuggling gold in rectum'
Woman attacked husband for passing gas in bed.
Report: Woman attacked husband for passing gas in bed
How Reddit's Ellen Pao survived one of 'the largest trolling attacks in history'
Anti-gun Des Moine County Sheriff Mike Johnstone Negligently Shoots Himself in the Hand
New Jersey girl calls 911 after touching Elf on the Shelf
Washington Post cartoon a form of child abuse?
3,200 Washington Inmates Released Early Because Of Computer Glitch
Fan favorite Kuntz returning as KC 1B coach
'Ball of Confusion'? Baton Rouge judge quotes Temptations, gives history lesson in long preface to murder acquittal ruling
Japanese bookshop stocks only one book at a time
Man jailed for threatening to shoot a Facebook friend over 'Star Wars' spoilers
Vatican newspaper says 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' not evil enough
Festivus For The Rest Of Us At Philly Police HQ
Family First launches streaming website
Kardashian Christmas card: The world awaits - CNN.com
Hillary Clinton may want to close every public school in America, according to math
Lunch Lady Fired for Giving Meal to Student with no Money
Idaho lunch lady fired for giving meal to student with no money
Hiker critically injured in fall at Arkansas Glory Hole
Mike Polk experiment asks who is better at drafting: chickens or Cleveland Browns?
Vikings: Wells Fargo trying to photo bomb new stadium with roof signs
mock nativity scene ordered removed texas capitol
Jeb Bush blames Barack Obama for the rise of Donald Trump
Woman hears neighbour chanting ISIS during sex, calls cops
Newly Elected Governor Strips 140,000 Of Voting Rights, Lowers The Minimum Wage
Christmas deal at Fla. store: Buy jewelry, get free shotgun
Company behind melting ice rink goes into liquidation
Man named Jihad arrested after telling California police he left bomb in backpack outside their station
College Students Sign Petition to Ban 'Racially-charged' Song: 'White Christmas'
Police: Man threatened to shoot Facebook friend over Star Wars: The Force Awakens spoiler
Colchester Ice Rink closes after melting in warm weather: An ice rink that melted in the unseasonably warm weather has closed with the company going into liquidation.
Woman is sued for writing 'bum' and 'loser' on memo line of alimony checks to her ex-husband
Arthur Charles Roy, Montana man, jailed after threatening boy over 'Star Wars' spoiler
2 Arrested, 3 Cars Decked Out in Pot Leaves Seized in Alleged Mobile Pot Business
Man named Jihad arrested for threatening 'jihad' on California police and making bomb threat
'Star Wars' fan arrested for gun threat over spoiler
Derry man gets dog to lick his dick in through a fence in front of teenage girls
D.C. police bust Kush God company that traded pot for 'donations'
ADULT MAN WITH 29 MILEY CYRUS TATTOOS SUDDENLY REALIZES HE DOES NOT WANT 29 MILEY CYRUS TATTOOS BREAKING NEWS
Police seek robber who stole bag of chips
Star Tupac Shakur remanded in custody accused of table leg attack in Torquay
School Professor Calls on Students to Say 'Happy Federal Holiday' instead of Merry Christmas/Happy Holidays
Abbott Orders Bill of Rights Removed From Texas Capitol
State Officials Order Homeless Families to Destroy Their Christmas Trees
A New Company Will Give You a Loan For Your Wedding . . . and You Only Pay It Back If You Get Divorced
'Star Wars' fan arrested over threat to student who revealed plot: prosecutor
School official regrets flipping the bird
Bill Clinton Hit On Jackie Kennedy? How Hillary Campaign Responded To New Tell-All Book
Porn star Rocco Siffredi offers to teach sex in Italy's schools
'This is not a beauty contest': the serious business of racing reindeer
Woman Bites Off Husband's Eat Over A Beer
ald Trump To Know He Also Went To The Bathroom
Atheist 'Nativity' Scene Removed from Texas State Capitol for 'Mocking' Christians
Driver plows into businesses while trying to 'time travel'
Facebook suspends The Blackcock Inn pub's profile over 'racist or offensive language'
Driver dies after hitting a cow in Lancaster County, NC
Daughter's Henna Tattoo Ruins a Texas Family's Christmas
Dying international student's parents rejected visa to be by his side
Madonna Goes to Court to Force Son to Come Home for the Holidays
US Christmas lights use more energy than entire countries
Christmas lights in US use more energy than entire countries use in a year
Vatican Paper Rips 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'
Vatican paper slams 'Star Wars' over lackluster villain
Pro Vince of Ontario wants citizens to donate their tax returns to help pay down the debt
Brazilian R2-D2 Unable to Pass Metal Detectors at Star Wars Premiere in São Paulo
Hockey player loses a bunch of teeth after a high stick, asks Santa for new ones
compression sleeves for shin splints
Hillary Clinton reaches out to the Latino community, writes article about how shes just like your "abuela"
Disabled Mom Wins Scholarship From Pornhub, And It's Not What You Think
Oregon woman struck in crosswalk sues for cost of damaged designer clothes _ and medical bills
Man arrested in Sri Lanka for 'smuggling gold bars in rectum'
6 Celebrities Who Have Suffered Head Trauma That Support Donald Trump
Austrian DJ barricades himself in his studio and plays Wham's Last Christmas 24 times in a row
Sanders defends Clinton after Trump remarks: 'I also went to the bathroom'
Zaky Mallah sues eBay for delisting his 'weed hat with magical powers'
44% of democrats support taking refugees from a fictional country
Has Jeb Bush Worn the Same Sweater Four Days in a Row? [Updated]
Ontario couple's lives turned upside down after friend's 'going to jail party' turned violent
Police Seek 400-Pound, Bearded Woman in Stabbing
Militia-backing AZ lawmaker who says Earth is 6,000 years old now leads state senate education panel
Man faces charges for his marriage proposal
INSURANCE: 7 Keys to Choose the Best Medical Insurance
Elderly Woman Hears Neighbour Cry 'ISIS Is Great' While Having Sex
FIR against 3-yr-old boy in Pakistan for land grabbing
Manny Pacquiao: Philippines' Miss Universe Win Avenges Mayweather Loss
Mum turns to porn so she can buy more Christmas presents for son
PORN MOM: MEGAN CLARA TAKES ADVANTAGE OF ATTRACTIVE ATTRIBUTES TO MAKE LOADS OF CASH AND SPOIL SON FOR CHRISTMAS
A Mom Did Porn So She Could Get Her Five-Year-Old Son Better Christmas Gifts
kem sakura: Làm mát da để trắng da và sạch mụn
Elon Musk nominated for 'luddite' of the year prize over artificial intelligence fears
Nigeria Boko Haram: Militants 'technically defeated'
Play Doh Clay Modeling of Cup Cake for Kids ❋ Cupcake Maker NEW Dough Ca...
INSURANCE: How to Get an Insurance License in California
Italian scientists accused of spreading 'olive ebola'
Professor causes trial to collapse after misunderstanding the phrase 'in hot water'
Grandma vs. deer: A true Christmas story
Buhari says Nigeria has 'technically' won against Boko Haram
St. Cloud woman bites off husband's ear over beer argument
Authorities in Siberia reward local woman with truck full of coal for slimming down.
Police: 'Frustrated' Creswell man releases flock of chickens in Eugene tax office
Christmas celebrations banned in Somalia, Tajikistan and Brunei
Pop-up shop will trade your Christmas rejects for Skittles
South Carolina Officer Wants Public Money for Murder Defense
Siberia's novel reward for shedding the pounds - coal
Mom did porn to buy son's Christmas presents
Mom Defends Buying 300 Gifts, Insists She's Always Shopping for Bargains
Skating counterclockwise: the great Canadian debate
Pig's funeral: Coffin brought to Ukraine parliament as hundreds protest new budget (VIDEO)
In Tonawanda, Grandma got run over by a ... deer
Heavyset woman with facial hair stabs man, runs away
Wife bites off husband's ear during argument about beer cops say
Man sues video game makers after losing job, health, wife
CBGB to Reopen as Restaurant in Newark Airport
This is your brain on Trump
Report: martial arts teacher knocks out 5-year-old student
'Smelly' Celtic fans told to improve their personal hygiene by club official
Gov. Jerry Brown pardons Robert Downey Jr. for 1990s drug offenses
Alabama justice says the First Amendment only protects Christians
Tevin Coleman in concussion protocol after slipping in shower
Falcons RB Tevin Coleman slips in shower, in concussion protocol
Owl attacks Covington officer, causes crash
Ukrainian holiday tradition under threat as popular Soviet film faces ban
400-pound bearded woman stabs man in neck, cops say
Police: Man in Santa suit stabs bus rider in Lakewood, flees on foot
More Adults Turning To Coloring Books To Relieve Stress
11 week old daughter of anti-vaxxer gets whooping cough
A 7-year-old called 911 because she feared her 'Elf on the Shelf' had lost its Christmas magic
Feds: American Said Gay Marriage Drove Him to Join Al Qaeda in Syria
Somalia bans Christmas, New Years
400-pound bearded woman stabs man
Officer practicing 'quick draw' fires shot inside Des Moines Airport
Package thief steals box of poop
Indonesia plans prison with crocodile moat
Brooklyn Chocolate Makers Respond to Accusation They Misled Customers
Lead singer of metal band allows fans to text him for $50 per month.
LENOVO ThinkPad X260 Battery
Man who said he was trying to "travel through time" smashes car through two Florida businesses.
BAYAN AMERİKA - MİSTRESS AMERİCA TÜRKÇE ALTYAZI 1080P
2 arrested, 3 'KushGod.com' vehicles seized in marijuana distribution case
Christmas card addressed to 'England' reaches right person
Partners may not spot penis repair for common birth defect
Give a dog a clone: British couple duplicate their dead pooch for $275,000
Report: Martial arts teacher in Bristow, Virginia, knocks out 5-year-old student, charged with felony child abuse
Russian Officials Will Give You A Truck Full Of Coal If You Just Lose Some Weight
Karl Rove: Obama wishing Americans "Merry Christmas" in Hawaiian proves he's un-American and soft on ISIS
Scientists just discovered a weird new shark that glows in the dark, so they officially named it the 'ninja lanternshark'
Siberia's novel reward for shedding the pounds _ coal
San Diego police say 400-pound bearded woman stabbed man
Chris Christie calls on Clinton to suspend her campaign
R.Kelly Moves to Tibet, becomes monk and starts rock band.
Ex-Reddit CEO reveals how she survived 'one of the largest trolling attacks in history'
New Poll Asks If Die Hard Is A Christmas Movie, Majority Pick Wrong Answer
St. Paul sex aid exchange goes awry; suspect 'at large'
Agent Carter Season 2 To Crossover With Dancing With The Stars
Young Earth Creationist will run Arizona Senate education panel
Man Arrested For Breaking Into Homes And Tickling But*holes | Alwayz Turnt Up
Creationist Sylvia Allen to lead Arizona Senate education panel
Police Say They Seek 400 Pound Bearded Lady in Stabbing
Man stabbed by 400-pound bearded woman
Item believed to be an ancient relic is really a New Age healing device
Hyderabad: Wife set on fire for not cooking mutton curry properly
Police say they seek 400-pound bearded woman in stabbing
Girl Calls 911 in Panic Over Elf on Shelf
Man who said he was trying to 'travel through time' smashes car through two Florida businesses (should have been driving a DeLorean)
Santas warned "ho-ho-ho" offensive to women
Astronaut Tim Peake calls wrong number from space station
13-Year-Old's Rape Case Dismissed Because Her Body Is 'Well-Developed'
Star Wars Fan Spends $300,000 On Botox To Look Like Jabba The Hutt
Janted Jackson postpones "Unbreakable" tour because of surgery
News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGCHRISTMAS 2015COSTA COFFEE CRASHTHAILAND MURDERSTIM PEAKEISIS Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News Weird News Crime Fugitive crook mocked for his unusually large forehead after cops post his mugshot on Facebook
Woman arrested for attacking hubby who wouldn't stop farting
Homeless Connecticut Man Arrested After Giving 'Wet Willy' to 4-Year-Old Boy: Police
FBI: Man Robs Bank, Buys Christmas Tree, Uses It to Hide
400-Pound Bearded Woman Sought in San Diego Stabbing: Police | KTLA
Well-wisher's cookies cause scare at mosque
Scientists Discover How Rudolph Sees Through Dense Arctic Fog
A grandma got run over by a deer on Christmas Eve
Shark attacks and kills shipwrecked man seconds before he is rescued
Man whose boat capsised has died after being attacked by a shark while being rescued
Play Doh Clay Modeling of Birthday cake for kids ♛ Huge BIRTHDAY Play Do...
FBI: Oregon man robs bank, buys Christmas tree, uses it to hide
Americans reject Die Hard as a Christmas movie
NYC Transgender Laws To Fine Property Owners $250K Over "Improper" Pronouns
2 Palestinians arrested in Christmas tree arson in West Bank
Tim Peake says sorry for dialling wrong number from space
Canadian woman mauled by bear 'killed by husband's bullet'
San Diego police search for 400-pound bearded woman suspected of stabbing man
Bradley Cooper 'sweats from his butt', Jennifer Lawrence says
Taco Shop Mocks Burglars, Turns Break-In Footage Into Hilarious Commercial
SFU research suggests plus-size models may lead to obesity
Star Wars fans and video game geeks 'more likely to be narcissists', study finds
Man trying to time travel plows car into Florida businesses, police say
Shot fired at Des Moines airport was due to officer practicing his 'quick draw'
Vermont's Dre Willis suspended for reselling textbooks
Whites earn more than blacks - even on eBay
Theft suspect tries selling stolen cards to victim's boss
Pub called the Blackcock Inn has its Facebook page suspended for 'racist or offensive language'
Tea containing cocaine accidentally being sold in Italian shops
Denver Volunteers Give Away Free Pot to the Homeless on Christmas Eve
Thief jumps off escalator while trying to flee police
Man pulls pistol on St. Paul sex shop clerk, demands new penis pump
Volunteers give away free pot to the homeless this Christmas Eve and it's all for a good cause
Woman arrested after eating, drinking wine at Walmart
Police say they have arrested bearded woman in stabbing
Taekwondo Teacher Arrested for Knocking Out a 5-Year-Old
Prisoner participates in singing contest, is pardoned and given car
Monkey steals a bus and crashes it into two parked vehicles while the driver takes a nap in India
Joyriding monkey steals bus while driver sleeps in India
Hear the One About Jeb Bush's Humor? You Have to Listen Closely
Minecraft Creator: Being a Billionaire Is Lonely
Minecraft Inventor Markus Persson: Being A Billionaire is Lonely
Volunteers give away free marijuana joints to the homeless on Christmas Eve in Denver
Chinese firms lure staff with clean air
What Did We Get Stuck In Our Rectums Last Year?
Janet Jackson postpones 'Unbreakable' tour, citing surgery for unspecified medical condition
Kid Tells Michelle Obama He Needs to Pop Pill to Deal With Santa Excitement
Man Wandering on JFK Runway Claimed He Was Looking for 'A' Train
Astronaut dials the wrong number from space, surprises Earthling
$100,000 and up is not enough - even the 'rich' live paycheck to paycheck
Britain for sale: £8 trillion, or nearest offer
Brent woman calls 999... because she overslept
Nervous farting woman blows her Christmas meth cover
Put it on! New Putin-inspired fragrance goes on sale in Moscow
Cops arrest robot after it buys Ecstasy tablets with Bitcoin
Roofer attacked girlfriend because she offered him a McDonald's while he was dieting
Couple Prepares to Livestream Birth of Cloned Puppies, a Christmas Miracle
Abstinence-only advocate Bristol Palin gives birth to 2nd out-of-wedlock child
Making $200,000 and up is not enough - even the rich live paycheck to paycheck
Police arrest 400lb bearded lady
Study: Most Serial Killers Did Not Receive Toy Every Time They Went To Store As Kids
Please make a Muslim hero character, J. J. Abrams. We need it.
Donkey Cartel Killed In Shooting at Northlake Mall in North Carolina
Nervous farting Oklahoma driver found to be hiding 8 pounds of meth disguised as Christmas gifts
Jewish leader demands expulsion of 'Christian vampires'
Guns Under The Tree: America's Most Popular Christmas Present
Oklahoma man with 'F**K COPS' tattooed on forehead arrested, charged in robbery
Bottled air from Canada is selling like crazy in China
Florida man crashes car into mall because "he wanted to time travel"
'Angry' Man Leaves 7 Chickens at Oregon Dept. of Revenue
Florida woman accused of going into Walmart, drinking wine and eating food
How's this for dystopian? A Canadian startup is selling bottled fresh air in China
Guatemala promotes Jesus to honorary General military title (article in spanish).
Brody Jenner: "It Smelled Terrible" The First Time I Went Down On A Girl
Man punches bear statue told not to do it again . Xpost from idiots fighting
Man steals tip jar containing less than what meal cost
prosecutors in Iowa Lottery fixing case want talk of Bigfoot hunting kept out.
Whale buried on beach has reportedly resurfaced
'Christmas miracle': Man's lost wedding ring found in the ocean
Westfield Walmart loss prevention officer charged with stealing from Walmart
COMIC, MUSICIAN, AUTHOR & WFMU RADIO HOST DAVE HILL TALKS JERSEY CITY, THE FUTURE & MORE - River View Observer
Claremont Church Rejects Plan For Nativity Scene Featuring Steel Manger Made Of Guns
British astronaut dials wrong number from space
Family's outrage after Santa refused to take a seated photo with their special-needs baby and would only pose standing up
Mom Is Furious after Santa Refuses to Sit with Her Special Needs Son
World's fattest man dies of heart attack
Springdale man behind bars for allegedly beating son with light saber toy
Turkish PM "saves" man from jumping off a bridge...
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan 'talks man out of jumping off bridge'
McAfee antivirus founder is running for president
Three women kidnap man, rape him and steal his semen in South Africa
Turkey President Erdogan 'talks man out of suicide'
Smudge On Church Window Resembles Virgin Mary, Draws Throngs Of Spectators.
Image On Church Window Resembles Virgin Mary, Draws Throngs Of Spectators
Santa surprises 9-year-old with cancer after strangers craft Christmas plan
Canadian pop-up shop offers Skittles for unwanted gifts
We should have seen this dumb Dragon Ball Z Ford commercial coming
Argentina's outgoing president has refused to give up her official Twitter account
Perfume 'inspired by Putin' launched in Russian department store
Police say they seek 400-lbs bearded woman.
Steve Harvey wishes everyone a 'Merry Easter' on Christmas Day
Hero security guard diffuses hostage situation only to be fatally shot by late arriving cops
Grandma has 550 Christmas ornaments
Man Pulls Gun On Clerk Over 'Faulty' Penis Pump
'Time traveling' Florida man crashes car into building
Italian shop was accidentally selling cocaine based tea for years
Peyton Pruitt, teen with IQ of 51, tried to aid ISIS, Taliban, detective states
U.S. company turns ancient meteorite into guns
Internet Download Manager IDM Crack File Download
US Company Turning Ancient Meteorite Into $1M Guns
Musician is left unable to play the guitar after drunk and drug addled bodybuilder forced his car door open and attacked him with a meat cleaver
Musician relives terrifying moment drug-addled bodybuilder attacked him with meat cleaver
Kidnapped by IS, saved by the Taliban
British astronaut Tim Peake phones wrong number from space.
5 Tips for Spending Alone Time with your Girlfriend Without Having to go to Confession the Next Day
Shirtless Vladimir Putin calendar goes on sale in Russia
Swiss government - Fines, bribes should no longer be tax-deductible
Cocaine tea sold for years in Italian shops
You can use duct tape to remove your warts, says science
'We Won't Make Frankensteins,' Cloning Giant's CEO Says
Man throws punches at bear statue in Rogue River. Xpost from /r/idiotsfightingthings
Fan Watches 'Star Wars' for 46 Straight Hours
Couple seeking to undo their divorce get turned down
Civil servants issued guide on how to use door
Louisiana Police Officer Crashes After Owl Flies Into Patrol Car
Owl attacks Louisiana officer, causes car crash
Man Suing Museum for Exhibiting Paintings Depicting Jesus as White Because That's Racist
Science Confirms That Selfies Are The Worst
China has a variety of blinding laser guns which violate the 1998 Protocol on Blinding Laser Weapons
Malaysia Airlines plane starts flying in the wrong direction
Married to a Doll: Why One Man Advocates Synthetic Love
Man doesn't want to harm Muslims. He just doesn't "want them around"
PARIS CLIMATE GOALS MEAN EMISSIONS NEED TO DROP BELOW ZERO
Nudists rescue sinking yacht at start of Sydney-Hobart race
Popovich won't let Spurs eat postgame meal, gives it to media.
Miss Columbia Ariadna Gutierrez offered one million dollars for porn movie
Nick Gordon Turns Bobbi Kristina Brown Pic With Him into Photoshopped Christmas Card, 5 Months After Her Death
Facebook unites stolen lambs with their mother.
Vladimir Putin calendar with president in different pose each month goes on sale in Russia
Man sues Bethesda for 500,000 roubles because Fallout 4 was too addictive (original article in Russian)
Abstinence Activist Bristol Palin Gives Birth to Second Child
Man, Distracted by Electronic Device, Falls to Death
WTF? Taekwondo governing body set for rebrand over use of acronym
Bearded woman arrested in stabbing
'We Won't Make Frankensteins,' Cloning Giant Boyalife's CEO Says
Our Best of 2015 nominations have been EXTENDED through December 31! Come nominate and vote on your favorite /r/NotTheOnion posts of 2015!
Woman called Isis can't book flights because of her name
Hoverboards sent a lot of people to the hospital on Christmas
New York announces nation's toughest transgender anti-discrimination laws - Calling a transgender woman 'him' or 'Mr' is now illegal
Astronaut Tim Peake phones wrong number from space
Police: Woman reportedly calls 911, shoots at paramedics, steals ambulance
Police arrest 400 pound bearded woman for stabbing a man who asked for a cigarette
Astronaut dials wrong number from space
Man distracted by electronic device falls to death at Sunset Cliffs
Police in California arrest 400lb 'bearded lady' after stabbing
WTF: World Taekwondo Federation considers rebranding to avoid the obvious confusion
Research suggests plus-size models may lead to obesity
Growing number of children 'don't know their own name' when starting school
N. River Road closed due to flooding
Jesus statue's promotion to army general vetoed by Guatemalan president
Here's a Look Around the New CBGB LAB at Newark Airport
Hotel fines brides money for negative Yelp reviews (by anyone attending the wedding).
'MUSLIM PRANKSTER' Shot After Throwing Fake 'Backpack Bomb' at Wrong Dude in Video Prank
44 Percent Of Democrats Support Taking Refugees From A Fictional Country
Racist woman verbally harasses two Brazilian men accusing them of being terrorists, pedophiles, and homosexuals.
Publicist: Nicolas Cage was buyer of stolen dinosaur skull
44% of Democrats Welcome Refugees from Agrabah, Home of Disney's Aladdin
Dems get one-upped by GOP after prank poll foolishness
Malaysia Airlines pilot confused by flight path
Apple Watch users go hands-free - with their noses
Woman Dies At Her Own Funeral: Fagilyu Mukhametzyanov Dead At 49
Priest offers eucharist on hoverboard
Malaysia's new Islamic airline takes off
GLS Relax Chair Floor Folding Sofa Cushion
Fingernail and toenail clippers for Diabetes - Diabetic Toe Nail Clippers
Analysis: Lego sets are better than gold, stocks
Statue of Jesus promoted to army general? Not so fast, says Guatemala's president
Donkey SEATBELTS fitted to animals to improve safety for pregnant women
Hilarious! Obama Critical of ISIS Propaganda
Canadian burglar apologizes before running away with stolen goods
Most googled person of 2015 in the Philippines was a 12 year old with a sex tape
Convicted of rape based on a dream, man relishes freedom after 28 years
PD: Man shot, killed by officer after throwing rocks outside Phoenix police station
US woman chants 'IS is great' during sex, neighbour calls police.
Man who completed row across Pacific: "I didn't realise it would be so difficult"
World's fattest man, Andres Moreno, dies of heart attack aged 38
hài tết 2016 ANH CHỒNG YẾU SINH LÝ
Guy looking at device falls off cliff on Christmas
Guy looking at device falls off cliff on Christmas Day
Owl attacks Louisiana officer, causes crash
Residents exchange gopher tails for cash
Can guinea pigs help cure cancer?
Grandma trapped in bathroom for 4 days knits a scarf
Texas candidate told to change his name for fear it will confuse American voters
Saudi Millionaire Who 'Accidentally Tripped And Penetrated Teen' Cleared Of Rape
Tim Hortons lineup on Christmas Day at least 100 cars long in Truro
Man Distracted by Device Falls to His Death off San Diego Cliff
Bearded Woman Stabs Man Asking for Cigarette
Organisers of Iglesias Sri Lanka gig 'should be whipped'
Police Steal More from Citizens Than All Burglars Combined, Report Shows
Woman who failed FDNY physical test 6 times gets another chance
Woman's body acts as 'brewery,' so judge dismisses DWI
French Police Find 9 Pounds Of Cocaine In A Vatican Car
Uconn student plagiarizes apology letter for plagiarism
Armed robbery at Platteville gas station, suspect gets away with cash & Cheetos
Man Sues Bethesda Because 'Fallout 4' Is Too Addictive
Cops Seized Over $107,000 From Couple, Didn't Charge Them With a Crime - Institute for Justice
Georgia Man Arrested After Snitching on Himself for the Reward Money
Georgia Man Arrested After Snitching on Himself for Reward Money
Texas Cops Now Pull You Over For "Driving Safely" To "Reward" You
New Indiana Bill Could Make Trans And Gender Nonbinary People Criminals For Using The Bathroom
Green Bay mayor plans to let llama loose in New Year's Eve
Heart attack that killed world's most obese man was unexpected, doctor says
A Pakistani-American Couple Opts for a Self-Arranged Marriage
Woman accused of shooting up meth, riding motorized cart through Walmart while eating chicken, drinking wine
Mother of Man Arrested Twice for Meth Lab Says He Was Actually Making Wine
Malaysia Airlines plane 'flies in the wrong direction' from New Zealand to Kuala Lumpur on Christmas Day
Woman arrested for riding motorized cart through Wal-Mart while eating chicken, drinking wine
Man Behind "Hug a Muslim" Campaign Arrested Over Bomb Threat
Woman arrested for riding motorized cart through Walmart while eating chicken, drinking wine
Boy Opens PS4 on Christmas, Finds Piece of Wood With Lewd Image on It
Arizona police fatally shoot man accused of throwing 'big rocks' at them
Egyptian Facebook User Sentenced to Three Years in Prison for Putting Mickey Mouse Ears on Sisi
Green Bay mayor plans to let llama loose on New Year's Eve
Theresa May wants to see your internet history, so we thought it was only fair to ask for hers | UK Politics | News
Saskatoon hummus maker wins battle with Hanes
Naked men plunge into the sea to save a family from their sinking boat which ran aground off a nudist beach
Abandoned ship in mall parking lot promotes flat Earth theory
Family opens fake, wooden PS4 Christmas morning
Grandma trapped in bathroom four days knits scarf.
Instead of opening his new PS4 Christmas morning, boy finds block of wood inside box.
Dog é Style closing on Genesee Street
More than $900 billion has been spent saving Matt Damon
Two accused of stealing 57 blocks of cheese [xpost: r/funny]
Giant Swedish Yule goat set on fire yet again, soot-covered suspect arrested
Hospital evicts 800-pound man after he orders pizza
Enrique Iglesias: Sri Lanka's president says gig organisers 'should be whipped'
Californian's ballot initiative would require legislators to wear logos of top 10 contributors
Woman 'high on meth' joyrides through Walmart on a motorized cart while eating a rotisserie chicken, cinnamon buns and sushi and drinking bottles of wine
Woman, 20, 'shoots up meth, rides motorised cart through Walmart while eating BBQ chicken'
DRDO will work with Tirupati trust to prove loony theories
Artist Known for Combining Bright Colors With Solid Shapes Dies at 92
Hartford Priest Defrocked For Connection to Worcester Grave Robbery
Full Size Sex Doll,(Japanese sex dolls are designed with different sizes...
Report: Lego bricks better investment than gold
Enrique Iglesias show's organisers 'should be whipped': President of Sri Lanka
Two arrested in Boxing Day fight over parking spot at Mississauga mall
Enrique Iglesias show's organisers 'should be whipped': Sri Lanka leader
North Korea's version of Linux is extremely oppressive
Boy Opens Christmas PlayStation 4, Finds A Block Of Wood With A Dick On It
New Ballot Initiative Launches That Will Require Politicians to Wear Logos of Top Donors
South African co-founder of Rhodes Must Fall campaign in Oxford got to university on a Rhodes scholarship. Also wants French flag banned from campus
Florida lady 'excessive on meth' joyrides via Walmart on a motorized cart
Auburn, Wash., police SUV containing rifle stolen from city lot, police say; thief last seen driving vehicle on freeway with siren going
McDonald's customer 'shoots fellow patron who told him his order was ready'
Home insurers rush to exclude drones as Christmas sees popularity soar
Lifeguards Say Man Who Fell to His Death at Sunset Cliffs was Distracted by Electronic Device
Abstinence-only advocate Bristol Palin gives birth to 2nd out-of-wedlock child | OregonLive.com
Man Falls to His Death From Cliff While Checking His Gadget
Italian mayor bans pizza ovens to fight smog
Man Thought He Was Receiving Oral Sex From His Girlfriend. Wasn't
Stoner Sloth was $500,000 well spent, insists firm behind PR disaster
NYC Will Fine You $250,000 For 'Misgendering' A Transsexual
COW DUNG PATTIES SELLING LIKE HOT CAKES ONLINE IN INDIA
David Duke: Trump Speaks "A Lot More Radically" Than I Do
Nearly half of Democrats say they would accept refugees from Agrabah - the fictional city in Aladdin
Internet Download Manager IDM Crack File Download - Free Crack Software
Deputies say a woman shot up meth, then drove a motorized shopping cart through a Lecanto Walmart while eating chicken and drinking wine.
Masturbating Passenger Attempts To Escape From Flight, Causes Virgin Flight To Be Diverted
KC police investigate armed robbery over tennis shoes
WTF? World Taekwondo Federation changes its name
Chicago police 'accidentally kill' mother of five
Tennessee and Nashville: Eliminate licenses that limit workers
Support Increases for Cannabis Legalization among Knesset Members
[German][translated] 29 year old blows up condom machine - and dies
44 percent of Democrats would take refugees from Agrabah, the fictional city in Aladdin
This guy walked into a secret meeting between two major politic parties in Croatia uninvited and stayed there for hour and a half before they asked him who he was. [article in Croatian]
Man dies after condom machine explosion
Man killed on Christmas Day after blowing up condom machine
woman 'high on meth' joyrides at walmart while eating, rotisserie chicken, cinammon buns, sushi, wine
Russia: Book of Putin quotes 'given to officials'
Man dies in Germany after blowing up condom machine
Say What Now? Man Shoots Fellow McDonald's Customer for Telling Him His Order Was Ready
Man dies trying to blow up condom machine on Christmas Day
Lamborghini driver flees in BMW after overnight crash
California Moves To Force Lawmakers To Wear The Logos Of Their Corporate Donors
30% of republicans support bombing Agrabah, from Disney's Aladdin.
Vincent van Gogh's severed ear cloned
What's He Building in There? The Stealth Attempt to Defeat Aging at Google's Calico.
Man dies in Germany after blowing up condom vending machine in apparent robbery attempt
Man killed after blowing up condom machine
Kentucky mall St. Matthews closes after brawls involving 2,000
Man dies after blowing up condom machine
German man dies after blowing up condom machine
Condom machine blown up in attempted robbery leaves one man dead
Elon Musk a candidate for Luddite Of The Year
Masturbation causes pregnant hands in afterlife: Turkish preacher
Carrie Fisher: "I got the part by sleeping with some nerd."
Police determine flat-earther's tinfoil-wrapped boat isn't a bomb - just an explosion of nonsense
German robber killed in botched condom dispenser theft
Crime in Canada - 1 police officer injured
FORMER KKK GRAND WIZARD: DONALD TRUMP SPEAKS 'A LOT MORE RADICALLY' THAN I DO (VIDEO)
Trump in tie with pope for second most admired man in America
Green Bay Mayor to have Lucky Llama ring in the New Year
Georgia clears way for mentally ill to buy guns
Man Dies While Trying To Blow Up Condom Machine, Police Say
Man Dies After Condom Vending Machine Explosion
Hundreds in Scotland still have black and white TV
Babysitter discovers clown doll in child's closet is actually a real person raping her at night.
German man killed blowing up a condom machine
Police: Blast Debris Kills Man in Bungled Condom Machine Robbery - NBC News
Thanks for quitting, here's $10,000. Come back soon!
Former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke sings the praises of Donald Trump
Man, Distracted by Electronic Device, Identified After Falling to Death at Sunset Cliffs Source: http://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/local/Man-Dies-After-Falling-Off-Cliff-at-Sunset-Cliffs-Lifeguards-363534491.html#ixzz3vdeTa8if Follow us: @nbcsandiego on Twitter | NBCSanDiego on Facebook
Man in Germany Dies After Blowing Up Condom Machine
Man Dies Trying To Blow Up A Condom Vending Machine
Officials 'given Putin quotes book'
Muslim engineer kidnapped his female colleague and raped her for five days 'to convince her to convert to Islam'
Cow dung patties are selling like hot cakes online in India
Muslim man 'kidnapped, raped co-worker for five days to make her convert to Islam'
Former KKK Grand Wizard says the Donald even trumps him when it comes to speaking "radically" about America's future
Man dies after blowing up condom machine while trying to rob it on Christmas Day
Pope Francis and Donald Trump Tie for Second-Most Admired Man
Trump, Pope Francis Tie for Second Place as Most Admired Man of 2015
Invention makes exercise easier for overweight people
DONALD TRUMP TIES WITH POPE FRANCIS IN POLL FOR SECOND MOST ADMIRED MAN IN WORLD
Condom machine explosion ends fatally in Germany
St. Louis teen stole cars when lovers refused payment for sex, she tells police
Bear takes 65-mile ride in garbage truck
Homeless Man Allegedly Lived In Army Barracks As Soldier For 8 Months
Man, Distracted by Electronic Device, Identified After Falling to Death at Sunset Cliffs
Former KKK Leader Says Donald Trump's Rhetoric Might Be A Little Too Radical
Police: Woman on meth rides motorized cart through Florida Walmart while drinking wine, eating
Sarah Palin spoofs Tina Fey in '30 Rock' parody
San Diegan wants politicians to display donors anytime they speak on floor
Federal judge: Drinking tea, shopping at a gardening store is probable cause for a SWAT raid on your home
More than 9,000 Britons are still using black-and-white TVs
Amazon 'rent-a-monk' service criticised by Japan Buddhist Federation
Satire as US voters support bombing Aladdin's Agrabah
State Dept. counts 'bringing peace' to Syria as a 2015 win
Jeb Bush Succumbs to Selfie Craze and Offers Tips on Selfie Etiquette
Conservatives erupt in a DVD-burning fury after 'Buffy' creator Joss Whedon supports Planned Parenthood
Idiots Think Al Jazeera Report On Peyton Manning Is Terrorism
Deputies: Woman ate sushi, sweets while riding Walmart cart
Colbert: Trump is playing my old character better than I could
New Hampshire Union-Leader compares Trump to Biff from 'Back to the Future'
Harvard Law dean compares microaggressions to violence, sexual assault
Boy finds block of wood inside PS4 box on Christmas Morning
San Francisco city attorney demands help to find Justin Bieber graffiti culprit
Florida woman does meth, turns Walmart into personal buffet
Man throws beer bottle at bartender for turning on Christmas music, police say
Fla. woman busted drinking wine, eating chicken in Walmart
Adult Coloring Books Test Grown-Ups' Ability to Stay Inside the Lines Adults seeking stress-relief grab coloring books; new worry about pencil supply-and-demand
Muslims tell ISIS that they'd rather see Star Wars than fight in Syria
Former KKK Grand Wizard: Donald Trump Is a Lot More Radical Than Me
Police: Blast Debris Kills Man in Bungled Condom Machine Robbery
Not exactly a ringing endorsement...
Elephant seal crossing the road, causes North Bay traffic mess
Time to face facts: Donald Trump could very well win
Jeranism - The World is Flat and Gravity Isn't Real
Italians Blame Pizza Ovens and Vespas for Deadly Smog
San Francisco prosecutor has a 'purpose': find Justin Bieber taggers
Eric Weddle Fined for Watching Daughter Perform at Halftime
Ashley Madison says it added 4 million members since the hack
Chargers fine Eric Weddle $10K for watching daughter perform at halftime
Report: DWI charges dropped against Buffalo-area woman whose body acts as 'brewery'
Elephant seal repeatedly tries to cross California highway
Tiger Woods' kids say they would rather be Messi than Tiger
Weddle fined $10k for watching daughter's halftime show
Pizza Ovens Banned In Some Parts Of Italy
Smoke This Phone - The Vaporcade Jupiter
2 men escape fire at Denver crematorium
Woman accused of shooting up meth and riding motorized cart through Walmart while eating chicken and drinking wine.
Man accused of killing partner, son may blame cough syrup
James Cameron's Brother Wants to Sell You a 'Vape Phone'
Man spent two days trying to get owl off roof by spinning a dead rat
Police: Uncle Assaults 5-Year-Old For Playing With His Pokemon Cards
Muslim anti-Isis march not covered by mainstream media outlets
Right attacks Paul Ryan with refrences to his "Muslim beard"
Smell of Popcorn Helps Officers Locate Subject
3 arrested after 20-hour high-speed boat chase
Vladimir Putin's 2016 calendar: Spend the year with Russia's president
Vladimir Putin Goes Shirtless Again For New 2016 Calendar
Saudi Grand Mufti calls ISIS "part of the Israeli army"
Exploding condom dispenser kills Christmas Day burglar
Boy Discovers Block of Wood Inside Playstation 4 Box on Christmas
Man Accidentally Kills Himself Trying to Steal Condoms
Lemmy, Motorhead frontman, dies aged 70 after cancer diagnosis
KKK Leader Finds Donald Trump a Great Recruiting Tool
Toy plane makes sound of Islamic prayer
Man Dies After Blowing Up Condom Machine in Robbery Attempt
Mattel reveals toy car driven by INSECTS: $35 toy is controlled by the movement of a cricket trapped in its 'cockpit'
Mattel unveils Bug Racer car driven by crickets
What Horrible Things Did We Do To Our Penises Last Year?
Woman Says Her Body Is A Brewery, Beats Drunk Driving Charge
Why Opt for MBA to make a Better Future?
Italian scientists accused of spreading pathogen deadly (ebola) to olive trees
Mark Zuckerberg can't believe India isn't grateful for Facebook's free internet
Donald Trump changes tune on wages after Bernie Sanders broadside. After previously saying wages were "too high," Trump instead stressed Monday that they were actually "too low."
Man dies in German condom machine explosion
Windmill falls off the WindMill
Hindu couple launches Malaysia's 1st Islamic airline
Would you rape a terrorist to save your family from a bomb
Jared Fogle: Subway diet made me commit sex crimes
World's Most Obese Man Dies After Weight-Loss Surgery
Qatari royals rush to Switzerland in nine planes after emir breaks leg
Islamic State ruling aims to settle who can have sex with female slaves
ISIS Got Heavily Trolled After Asking Muslims To Join In Its Fight
California Ballot Initiative Would Force Lawmakers to Wear the Logos of Their Corporate Donors
British health experts warn of unstoppable gonorrhea
Why It's Hard to Poop on Vacation
Coconut trees to lose tree status
Sikhs in America are still coming under attack because people think they're Muslims
Pirates in the Philippines 'join' the Islamic State to sound scarier than they are
Concussion Report Highlights Field Maintenance
Kesha Returns To The Stage To Perform With New Band Yeast Infection
Kesha Performs Surprise Gig With Her New Group, The Yeast Infection
Islamic State theologians have issued an extremely detailed ruling on when "owners" of women enslaved by the extremist group can have sex with them, in an apparent bid to curb what they called violations in the treatment of captured females.
Man killed trying to break into condom machine after bomb explodes prematurely
Tiger Woods's kids take aim at dad with sick Lionel Messi burn
Man killed after the bomb he was using to break into a condom machine exploded prematurely.
Santa stabs bus rider
Florida man who wanted to 'time travel' crashes car through a strip mall
Paper: Trump is Biff from 'Back to the Future'
Switzerland grants its final special 'stripper visas'
Man dies in condom machine robbery on Christmas morning
In a Failed Robbery, Man Dies Trying to Blow Up A Condom Machine
Truck Driver Who Knocked Down Bridge Said She 'Didn't Know How Much 6 Tons Was'
Times Square Olive Garden Charging $400 For New Years Party
Conservative critics attack Paul Ryan with references to his 'Muslim beard'
Ottawa couple reports 30,000 honey bees stolen over Christmas
What ever happened to Deez Nuts?
One person shows up to O'Malley event in Iowa, remains uncommitted
Olive Garden in Times Square to Charge $400 Per Person for New Year's Eve Event
Man throws beer bottle at bartender for turning on Christmas music, police say | Channel3000 Madison
Barre police log: Machete incidents, unicorn theft among year's reports
Man masturbates for over 30 minutes while staring at woman on No. 2 train: police
Thai king's favourite dog dies, days after man arrested for insulting her
Chicago police trained to not shoot innocent people, but it still happens
Sri Lankan President on Enrique Iglesias Concert: Organizers Should Be Beaten With Toxic Stingray Tails
500-pound elephant seal determined to cross California highway
L.A. County jail inmates were handcuffed to a wall for hours on "potty watch"
Probe into Brussels lockdown orgy: Police and soldiers said to have engaged in group sex while Belgian capital was in lockdown.
Sri Lankan president says Enrique Iglesias concert organizers should be 'whipped with toxic stingray tails' after women toss bras onstage
Police and soldiers said to have engaged in group sex while Belgian capital was in lockdown.
The Return of Jafar: Poll finds 41% of likely Trump voters want to bomb Agrabah - the fictional city from 'Aladdin'
Poll: 30 Percent of Republicans Would Bomb Fictional Disney City
Jay Cutler now setting records for not turning ball over
48-YEAR-OLD TEXAS MOM ONCE TARGETED BY HITMAN WINS $25,000 SCHOLARSHIP FROM PORNHUB
Lion booked in for second vasectomy after partner gives birth
Wisconsin Man Throws Beer Bottle at Bartender for Putting on Christmas Music
Coconut tree loses tree status in Goa
Frederick Officer Refuses To Fire At Unarmed Man Who Yelled 'Shoot Me'
Olive Garden is charging $400 a person for NYE dinner
Florida woman shoots up meth, turns Walmart into personal buffet while riding drunk on motorized shopping cart
Florida Woman Accused of Stealing Wine, Sushi at Wal-Mart Allegedly Admitted to Meth Use
Siberian nurse wins truck of coal in weight-loss challenge
Women Barge Into Temple That Prohibits Women. Priests Purify It With Cow Urine After They Leave
Wisconsin Man Throws Beer Bottle at Bartender for Putting on Christmas Music: Police
Boy obsessed with trash cans gets Christmas surprise from local garbage men
Probe into Brussels lockdown orgy
21 year old college swimmer drowns in YMCA pool
ISIS release 'rape handbook' to fighters, with 15 sickening new rules revealed
Police: Man arrested after having sex with goat in Oklahoma City
CSIRO sues contractor after fridge power left off, rare samples destroyed
'The defendant has no pants': Springfield man fails to appear in court due to lack of clothing
Priest suspended for using hoverboard during Christmas Eve Mass
And Kesha is back! This time with The Yeast Infection
Woman arrested after riding cart in Walmart while having sushi, wine
WATCH: Priest Suspended for Using Hoverboard During Mass
WOMAN ARRESTED AFTER RIDING WALMART CART WHILE DRINKING WINE, EATING SUSHI
"Collective Healing" at Nat'l Black Lives Matter Convergence Ends with Police Pepper-Spraying Teen
Mystery plaintiff sues Islam critic Pam Geller for wearing a bikini, also sues Kim Kardashian and Kanye West for being bad role models
Italy town fights smog by 'banning' pizza making
Exclusive: Islamic State ruling aims to settle who can have sex with female slaves
Man arrested for breaking into homes to tickle their butt holes.
"Mom said no," "Only if there's free pizza": Muslims hilariously respond to ISIL leader's call
Angry Man Drops Off Chickens at Department of Revenue
Toy F-16 bought on Amazon plays Islamic prayer instead of jet noises
Zhejiang villagers not happy with new villas, might have something to do with troublesome giant electrical cables
Deputies: Woman shot up meth, rode motorized cart in Walmart
Horse butchers return to scene of crime to kill again, owner says
Macy's Recalls 121,000 Martha Stewart-Brand Frying Pans For Shooting Metal Discs At Cooks
Russian Officials Get a Gift From the Kremlin: A Book of Putin Quotes
Man impersonating police officer pulls over real cop in New Jersey, police say
Snow-removal truck bursts into flames in NDG
Fish could have emotions and consciousness, biologists find
Vladimir Putin suggests Turkey wants to 'lick the Americans in a certain place'
Man Jailed After Throwing A Beer At Bartender For Changing BLACK SABBATH To Christmas Music
'Free-the-Nipple' movement gets day in court
College Swimmer Tries 4 Laps Without Breathing, Drowns Read more: http://www.necn.com/news/new-england/College-Swimmer-Drowns-in-Fla-Pool-363642701.html#ixzz3vkRZtOth Follow us: @nbcphiladelphia on Twitter | nbcphiladelphia on Facebook
College Swimmer Tries 4 Laps Without Breathing, Drowns
Rams DE William Hayes says he doesn't believe dinosaurs existed, but mermaids might be out there
Priest Suspended For Hoverboarding in Church
Man throws Beer Bottle at Bartender for turning on Christmas Music
Laguna priest chided for using hoverboard in Mass
Does Paul Ryan Have A 'Muslim Beard'? Amid Spending Bill Criticism, Republican House Speaker Fields Personal Attacks.
Christie to Rubio: 'Dude, show up to work'
Madison Man throws Beer Bottle at Bartender for turning on Christmas Music
Man dies after blowing up condom machine in Germany
St. Louis teen stole cars when men refused to pay for sex, she tells police
Pigeon Stuck in Tree - Rescued by Firefighters
Ecuadorian Trans Activist Announces Her Boyfriend Is Pregnant
Bikers patrol flood-hit Yorkshire towns to deter looters
T-Mobile: We're Not Throttling YouTube, We're 'Optimizing' It!
'THE BACHELOR' ROSE PARADE FLOAT TO FEATURE HOT TUB
Toy F-16 sold on Amazon plays Islamic prayer instead of jet noises
After A Decade Of Waiting For Verizon, Town Builds Itself Gigabit Fiber For $75 Per Month
Firefighters called to genital emergency
Polyamorous Guy Who Brought Ukulele to Party Explains Feminism to Young Women
Officer refuses to fire at unarmed man who yelled 'Shoot me'
Thousands of obese people rescued from their own homes
Muslims tell ISIS they'd rather see Star Wars than fight in Syria
Ivanka Trump Argues Her Father Is 'One Of The Great Advocates For Women'
Rams' William Hayes questions whether dinosaurs existed, says mermaids could be real
Las Vegas man places bacon at mosque entrances; police are calling the incident a hate crime
South Africa lion to get second vasectomy after lioness gives birth
Sole Iowan at O'Malley Event Impressed, Doesn't Commit
Women Barge Into Temple That Prohibits Women. Hindu Priests Purify It With Cow Urine After They Leave
Obama's skin tone darker in GOP ads, study shows (xpost from r/politics)
Nicolas Cage Agrees to Return Tyrannosaurus Skull to Mongolia
CBS sued in Big Bang Theory 'soft kitty' copyright case
Man With 'Team USA' Face Tattoo Masturbates on Subway for 30 Minutes: NYPD
Filipino priest suspended for riding hoverboard during Christmas Eve mass
New accessory for American Girl dolls: Diabetes care kit
Boy receives a toy plane for Christmas that plays an Islamic prayer
Priest suspended for riding hoverboard up aisles during Christmas Eve mass
When private piercings go bad
FBI Eyes 'Wolf of Wall Street' Ties to Malaysian Fund at Center of Corruption Probe
Olive Garden is charging $400 per person for a New Year's Eve party
A priest was suspended for riding a hoverboard during mass
Alpine Ski Resorts Hope Petting Zoos Will Make Up for Lack of Snow
Martha Stewart frying pans recalled for flying parts
Man Crashes a Dodge Challenger Through a Building Attempting to Time Travel
Kentucky Woman Reportedly Bites Husband's Face Due to Dispute Over Hilary Duff
Look it's Alison Parker & Adam Ward! They wore the same stupid smiles you wear when you pretend you're not now responsible.
Trucker Destroys Historic Bridge Because She Didn't Know How Many Pounds Six Tons Was
AVG's Chrome security add-on had a big security hole
Ben and Jerry hit the stump for Sanders
George Pataki uses NBC's 'equal time' to announce exit from race
Garbage men make young boys Christmas wishes come true
Man rams police vehicle near Sicamous, tries to escape by kayak, say RCMP
Filipino priest grounded by Church for gliding on hoverboard during mass
Jupiter man beat his father for letting sister 'be with a black man'
Priest Punished For Riding Hoverboard During Midnight Mass
Belgian Soldiers Reportedly Held Terror Lockdown Orgy During Manhunt for Paris Attackers
Vince McMahon's 'arrest' fooled dozens of people to call the real New York police
Paul Ryan's 'Muslim Beard' Attacked By Conservatives For Being Un-American
Malawi Newspaper Editorial: " THOUGH HOMOSEXUALITY REMAINS A SIN AGAINST GOD, IT SHOULD BE DECRIMINALIZED"
Man charged with assault with a frying pan
Chinese hoverboard market in chaos after Amazon demands they stop exploding
priest in the Philippines is in trouble after a video showing him singing a Christmas song while riding a hoverboard during Mass
Bikini parade forms part of selection criteria to become a flight attendant
'Hoverboard priest' apologizes after suspension.
Waikato's top cop held up by slow driver enjoying the sun
Filipino priest on hoverboard condemned by church
Wendy house blown over as Storm Frank rips through Plymouth
Muslims could ID terrorists but choose not to
FIREFIGHTERS AND FIREARMS: A NEW KIND OF PPE
Firearms and Firefighters: A new kind of Personal Protective Equipment
'Star Wars' boycott may have cost film "tens of millions of dollars", according to group organizing boycott.
Man distracted by cellphone dies walking off a cliff in San Diego
Demi Lovato Mourns The Passing Of Her Dog
Hospital call Fire Crew over Penis Ring
Fast Cash Biz Reviews
Filipino Priest Suspended From From Parish After Using Hoverboard During Mass
Reports: Belgian Cops and Soldiers Had Terror Orgy During ISIS Lockdown
Breaking news: naughty puppy not actually remorseful for eating slippers.
IS militants are Israeli soldiers: Saudi grand mufti
How Reddit took on its own users - and won
'Affluenza' Teen And Mother Done In By Pizza Delivery Call
Hive-CM8 Apologizes For Leaking Hateful Eight DVD Screener
ISIS religious leaders issue sick guide on how to 'properly' rape women sex slaves
The Russian deputy prime minister has literally shot himself in the foot
Police chiefs in Belgium have reportedly launched an internal investigation into claims soldiers and police officers held an orgy while colleagues hunted for terror suspects.
Facebook Messenger, Snapchat decline in popularity
'Adorable kingpin' with happy mug shot is DEA official's daughter
Former KKK leader says he's not as 'radical' as Trump
The menu didn't actually have that many onion themed items.
Oxford law student calls for universities to ban French flag after Paris attacks, comparing it to 'Nazi flag'
Oxford law student calls for universities to ban French flag after Pаris attacks, comparing it to 'Nаzi flag'
Twitter's new head of diversity is a white man from Silicon Valley
New Zealand fire crew called out over genital ring
Could archaeologists' discovery of '800-year-old mobile phone' prove time travel is real?
Philippine priest rebuked for riding hoverboard during Mass
Montclair synagogue hosting Christmas dinner for Syrian refugees
Margaret Thatcher was afraid of anal sex in the 1980s
Prostitutes complain virtual reality porn isn't the real thing
Priest reprimanded for using a hoverboard during a Christmas service
No-fly 'glitch' has toddler removed from plane
Armed man refuses to let technician leave until computer gets fixed
Ruger Finally Builds A Glock!
Enrique Iglesias Concert Organizers Should Be 'Whipped With Toxic Stingray Tails,' Says Sri Lanka's President
Dumbest 911 calls of 2015: 'My roommate used my toothbrush'
Team Canada fans' new reality: no beer in Helsinki stands
Fugitives found after calling in a pizza order.
[Meta]Base of girls for seexxx! My personal list! Link activ: 1 hours.
Why This USA Today Reporter in Colorado Who Has Covered Numerous Mass Shootings Decided to Buy a Handgun
Catholic Priest Apologizes For Riding 'Hoverboard' During Church Service
US Government Takes Credit For Bringing Peace to Syria
Police and soldiers allegedly had an orgy during the Brussels terror lockdown
Canadian man rams police car and tries to escape in a kayak.
Town's giant bonfire torched by arsonists
B.C. man accused of ramming police cruiser, trying to escape by kayak
In rare move, Chick-Fil-A opens on Sunday to help tornado victims
Toronto: Man Yells "F**k White People" During Machete Attack-Not Charged With Hate Crime
Man Kills Friend When He Was Convinced He Was Turning Into a Zombie After Binge Watching The Walking Dead
Investigation launched after police in Belgium 'had an orgy' during the Brussels terror lockdown
Dnipropetrovsk renames itself Dnipropetrovsk
Priest suspended for using hoverboard during Christmas Vigil Mass
Toy F-16 Fighter Jet Bought from Amazon Plays Islamic Prayer Instead of Plane Noise
Priest Has Been Suspended for Riding a Hoverboard During Christmas Mass
B.C. man facing charges after allegedly ramming police cruiser, fleeing by kayak
Politicians May Have to Wear Donor Logos in California
Police: Blast Debris Kills Man in Bungled Condom Machine Robery
Man impersonating police officer pulls over real officer.
Bungled Blast Kills Would-Be Condom Machine Robber
Scientology says it's received $5.7 million from Google in advertising grants
Corpse comes back to life at Russian morgue, then goes to drink vodka
'Rule the party strictly!': Chinese president 'Big Daddy Xi' makes rap debut | World news | The Guardian
Man dies trying to rob condom vending machine with explosives
Even Sarah McLachlan can't watch her sad ASPCA ad
Christina Milian & Lil Wayne Back Together - & She Got Her Butt Waxed For Him
Hospital calls fire crew to liberate man's penis
FBI investigating incident where bacon wrapped on mosque door
This "Disfigured" Dog Is Actually Just A Picture Of A Dog With Ham On Its Face
Rams DE William Hayes Doesn't Believe Dinosaurs Existed, Says It's 'Crazy' Talk
Asylum-seekers in Sweden demand relocation in fear of ghosts
Russell Crowe slams Virgin Airlines for refusing hoverboards
Asylum-seekers in Sweden fear refugee shelter is haunted
Priest suspended for riding hoverboard during Christmas Eve mass
Couple's fight over chicken dinner leads to punch, stabbing
Donald Trump warns his supporters: 'No more golf' if Bernie Sanders wins
Belgian soldiers and police 'held orgy' during Brussels lockdown
Bacon 'desecration' puts Las Vegas mosque at center of anti-Muslim hate crime probe
Man adds all previous girlfriends to WhatsApp group to wish them a Merry 'Ex-mas' and it's chaos
Twitter slammed for hiring Apple's (white) head of diversity
Priest rebuked for riding hoverboard during Christmas Eve Mass
George Lucas Says He Sold Star Wars To "White Slavers", Elaborates His Opinion On The Force Awakens
One person attends O'Malley Iowa event
Toy Plane Makes Islamic Prayer Noises Rather Than Beep-Boop Sounds, Confuses Kids at Christmas
Brussels Police Investigate Reports Of Police Orgy Amid Terror Alert
Headless body case prompts bend in Belgian border
Case of mistaken identity: No, Iyad El-Baghdadi is not the leader of Daesh
Parents shocked to find toy fighter plane plays 'Islamic prayer' instead of jet noises
Texas man wearing miniskirt admitted to setting bank on fire
Trump Hits Bernie Over Golfing
Twitter Criticized For Hiring White Male as New Diversity Chief
Pirate Bay cofounder invents an infernal device that will utterly bankrupt the music industry
PIRATE BAY FOUNDER BUILDS THE ULTIMATE PIRACY MACHINE
500 homeless children turned away in Bemidji
A Malaysian Airlines plane flies in the wrong direction for an hour - pilot doesn't notice
Man in Lycra 'with an erection' hunted by Manchester city centre police
Child shocked as toy plane plays Islamic prayer instead of jet sounds
Belgium police investigate Brussels lockdown orgy claims
Police: Woman Bites Husband's Face During Argument Over Pop Star
Woman's body acts as a brewery so judge disk sees DWI.
Belgian Police Held Alcohol-Fueled Orgy While Brussels was on Highest Alert
George Lucas Says He Sold 'Star Wars' to 'White Slavers'
Fight breaks out at Newark anti-violence rally
Woman's body acts as a brewery so judge dismisses DWI.
Dog pants debate has the internet divided - again
Rams' William Hayes Believes in Mermaids, But Not Dinosaurs
Facebook's free internet service has been shut down in Egypt
Toy plane confuses American children with Islamic prayer noises.
Deputies: Fight Over Chicken Leads to Beating, Stabbing
If you want to lose weight, eat that cake in front of a mirror
Pastor: 'I would smear feces all over myself if my son married a man'
Pay $400 to party at Olive Garden on New Year's Eve
Belgian Police Launch Investigation Into 'Soldier Orgy' During Hunt For Paris Terror Attack Suspects
Memphis player swipes game ball from Auburn equipment staff, flips everybody the bird and runs away
Drunk 4-Year-Old Crossdresser Steals Christmas Presents
Russian man wakes up in morgue after too much drinking, goes back to party
Deputies: couple's argument over chicken leads to violence
Escaped cockatoo happy on lam, owners say
Obama's skin looks a little different in these GOP campaign ads
Stranger who scaled Canadian building, entered stranger's apartment was 'very polite'
Donkey seatbelts to improve safety for pregnant women
Donald Trump Laments Loss of Aerosol Sprays to Frame His Hair
Florida man crashes Dodge Challenger in an attempt to time travel.
Investigation launched after police in Belgium 'had an orgy' during terror lockdown
Vladimir Putin's new perfume - LEADER
Lawsuit claims teaching assistants at Amherst were told to sleep with students to boost enrollment
Woman beats D.W.I. With claim that her body brews alcohol.
#EpicFail? Twitter's New VP of Diversity & Inclusion is a White Guy
Police Say It's Unconstitutional To Mandate Drug Testing On Officers
Man dressed as Santa Claus holds up Alberta jewelry store, escapes in Hummer
Filipino Priest Suspended for Using Hoverboard During Mass
Man Gets Out Of Shower, Sits On Gun, Second Amendments Himself
Pirates apologize for leaking Quentin Tarantino's new movie
Man Rams Police Vehicle Near Sciamous, Tries To Escape By Kayak
Indiana Lawmaker Introduces 'Pay To Pee' Bill For Transgender People
Green Country Doctors See Spike In Hoverboard-Related Injuries
Woman Beats DUI Charge With Claim Her Body Brews Alcohol
Townsville police recover Lego banana
Filipino Priest on Hoverboard Suspended by Church
The Far Right Isn't Happy About Paul Ryan's 'Muslim Beard'
The REAL tin foil hat: $12 hipster headwear claim to be able to protect people from 'electromagnetic smog'
Russian Man Resurrects Just in Time to Join Friends Holding His Wake
Calgary woman says police returned her stolen vehicle with a baggie of cocaine and a pellet gun
Do Dogs Know Other Dogs Are Dogs?
Man arrested after calling 911 asking to show Police his meth.
Academic Ziony Zevit claims Eve was made out of Adam's penis not his rib
Driver cited for failing to remove snow from windshield
Attack owl returns in Oregon, targeting government workers
Priest apologizes for riding hoverboard during church service
MAN TRIES TO BURN EU FLAG BUT IS HAMSTRUNG BY EU FIRE SAFETY LAWS
Kosher pot to go on sale next month
Mike Huckabee: Ted Cruz isn't homophobic enough to be President
New Hampshire female state rep: "exclude breastfeeding from nipple ban." Male state rep: "if you do I'll stare at your boobs and grab your nips."
Facebook video showing man drinking while driving leads to drunk driving arrest
FBI Offers $5,000 Reward After Bacon Found at Vegas Mosque
Man arrested for breaking into homes and tickling buttholes.
Donald Trump's spokeswoman threatens to 'wear a fetus' after facing criticism for bullet jewelry
Woman beats DUI rap with claim her body brews alcohol
'There's An Infant In The Car!' Says Cop As Police Dog Bites Toddler
Memphis' Reggis Ball Appears to Tackle Auburn Ball Boy, Steal Ball and Flip Bird
Dartmouth swimmer dies after trying to swim 4 laps underwater.
3 years later university realises 2 phd students in a women's college are actually men!
Chicago aviation police officers instructed to run and hide, if there is an active shooter
Armed man allegedly holds IT worker hostage until his computer is fixed
Army needs volunteers to eat only MREs for 21 days straight
FBI offers $5000 reward after bacon is found on a Las Vegas mosque's door
People Who Frequently Use Emojis Have Sex On Their Mind
Millions Of Prayers Go Out To Dog Afflicted With Ham On Face
How would a dog wear pants? The Internet finally has an answer
Dog pants debate dividing the internet
Father of 13 kids with 11 women owes $50,000 in child support
Accused Walmart Burglar Wanted To Be A 'Mystery Shopper'
Gamergate didn't fade into obscurity. We just stopped noticing its existence
Woman beats DWI rap with claim her body brews alcohol.
Salon Deletes Article On Mosque Attack After Learning Attacker Was Muslim
3 years later, Bangalore University realises two PhD students in women's college are men
God Made Eve From Adam's Penis, Not His Rib, Academic Claims
Right-Winger Tries To Burn EU Flag, Fails Because Of EU Fire Regulations
"British Nazi" Tries To Burn EU Flag, Fails Because Of EU Fire Regulations
Drunk driving charges dropped after New York woman claims her body is a brewery
Elephant finger family | Finger Family Elephant Family Rhymes | Animals ...
Belgium and the Netherlands swap land - because it 'makes sense'
Air India plane forced to turn back after rat spotted on board
Man 'dies' after downing vodka with pals then wakes up in morgue and returns to party
George Lucas Is Not a Fan of "Retro" 'Star Wars' Approach
Police chiefs in Belgium investigating claims that police and soldiers had orgy during Brussels terror lockdown
Dog with ham on its face tricks people on Facebook into praying for 'burns recovery'
'Possum drop' will ring in New Year in Georgia city
Delhi cops find 'sticky bomb' in game?
Priest suspended for riding a hoverboard during Christmas Eve Mass
Louis Vuitton's new model is a Final Fantasy character - CNN.com
Louis Vuitton's new model is a Final Fantasy character
Drunk Russian man declared 'dead,' wakes up in morgue
Fight breaks between two activist in anti-violence rally in New Jersey
Dead Russian man wakes up in morgue, goes to drink vodka with friends at his own wake.
PBSO dispatcher demoted after holding 911 calls to play video games
Trump blasts Obama for watching Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Meet the woman who calls San Antonio Spurs' 7-foot 3-inch player Boban Marjanovic her husband
Air India flight turns back after rat spotted on board.
Russian Man 'Dies' After Downing Vodka, Wakes Up In Morgue, Carries On Drinking
Southwick man faces charges after firing shotgun at neighbor's rogue chicken
Twitter criticized for lack of female and minority employees, hires white male as its new diversity chief
Man 'dies' after vodka binge, wakes up in morgue, goes back to party
Air India Plane Returns to Mumbai After Passenger Sees Rat
Woman Defends Herself From Thief With A Frozen Chicken
Spying on Congress and Israel: NSA Cheerleaders Discover Value of Privacy Only When Their Own Is Violated
Guidance to aviation police: Run and hide
Florida man pees on neighbor's car door, sees him touch it from bushes
Woman gets out of drunk driving charge where her blood alcohol was 4 times the limit, claiming her body is a brewery.
Man Trying To 'Enter Time Portal' Crashes Speeding Car Into Store, Cops Say
New Study Finds That Mosquitos Are Repulsed By Victoria's Secret Perfume
Russian Man Wakes Up In Morgue After Drinking Vodka, Goes Back To Party
First kosher-certified pot to go on market next month
Teen steals school bus for friend who 'needed a ride': police
Google Chrome 'Trump Filter' hides mentions of GOP candidate
Woman whose body turns food into alcohol beats drink-drive charge
State: Former Police Chief Took Out Life Insurance On Victim
/ CORY DOCTOROW / 1:38 PM WED NSA's biggest congressional apologist is outraged that the NSA spied on him and Israel
Scientific Journal Publishes Fake Study On Boo-Boo Kisses
Jeb Bush nicknames pol 'Hurricane Katrina'
IRS Employee Whose Job Was Assisting Victims Of Identity Theft Charged In $1 Million Identity Theft Tax Fraud
Former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard Says Donald Trump Speaks 'A Lot More Radically' Than He Does
Marriage is best fix for statutory rape, says PAS cleric
Covington police ticket drivers in flooded parking lot
'Marijuana changed us from Nazis to peace-loving hippies': Twin sisters who sparked outrage with pop band named after gas used on Jews claim they've grown up
NY woman beats DUI rap with claim that her body brews alcohol
Girl asks internet to remove 'that disabled thing' from selfie - internet responds brilliantly
Mum Kills Daughter Thinking She Was Intruder
'I Believe in the Traditional Family': Gay Fashion Designers Speak Out Amid Ongoing Protests Against Dolce & Gabbana
Florida Man Attempts Time Travel in Dodge Challenger
Burj khalifa has fireworks while #Address hotel burning
9 Things You Should Never Say To A Woman
Dubai bought 20 jetpacks to battle skyscraper fires - but they won't arrive until 2016
Jeb Bush says Donald Trump a 'creature' of Barack Obama
Seagraves man accused of assaulting stepdaughter with ham bone
With Warriors in finals, why won't the media just say 'Oakland'?
Woman claims her body brews alcohol, has DUI charge dismissed
Public University To Hold Racially-Segregated 'Social Justice Retreats'
Seagraves man arrested for assaulting family member with ham bone
Canadian Jackpot Winner Dies After Gold Plating His Balls
Texas lawmaker Jonathan Stickland's web posts condone rape, seek weed 'smoking buddy'
Eagles fans tweet at the wrong Chip Kelly after coach's firing
Musical Tampon Allows Fetuses to Listen to Your Mixtape in the Womb
Kosher Medical Marijuana To Go On Sale In New York After Firm Secures Jewish Dietary Certification
Teen charged for school bus joyride to Tim Hortons
Man In Panda Hat Steals Wall Art From Restaurant
Dying dog goes on ultimate bucket list adventure with heartbroken owner
George Lucas Slams 'Force Awakens,' Calls Disney 'White Slavers'
Captain Lost Track of Navy Ship That Hit Arizona Memorial Dock
Give your fetus a concert with vaginal sound system, Babypod
Anti-Terror Raids Are Not the Best Time to Host Orgies at Police Stations
Israel Bans Novel on Arab-Jewish Romance From Schools for 'Threatening Jewish Identity'
Chicken fight: Fast food dispute lands couple in hospital
Man trying to "time travel" drives his car through a building
Paramount sues million dollar fan Star Trek Movie production
Woman Beats DWI Charge With Claim Her Body Brews Alcohol
Utah-based dating site for white people doesn't allow gay searches; polyamorous inquiries OK'd | The Salt Lake Tribune
Why did China hold a cremation competition?
Company to Offer First Medical Marijuana Certified as Kosher
Utah-based dating site for white people doesn't allow gay searches; polyamorous inquiries OK'd
Rabid Raccoon Bites Poquoson Resident
George Lucas apologizes for saying he sold Star Wars characters to 'white slavers'
Obama's New Year's Resolution: Take Your Guns
Preachers insist: God wants us to have luxurious private jets to avoid dope-filled airline passenger 'demons'
Hong Kong chief CY Leung says hackers put pics of scantily-clad models on his Facebook page
There are portable speakers call Babypods that women can insert into their vagina while pregnant to entertain their fetus.
Jeb Bush Nicknames SC Senator "Hurricane Katrina"
Ukraine may get two Christmases as national identity debate begins
A fifth of cancer therapy trials fail to enlist enough participants
Woman's body brews alcohol; BAC levels 3/4x the legal limit
Owl Attacks Police Officer.
Refugees In Sweden Say Shelter Is Haunted By Ghosts
Refugees demand new shelter over fears theirs is haunted
Bayonne gun manufacturer donates rifles to help 2-year-old boy diagnosed with cancer
Forensic police recover stolen Lego banana artwork
Feds: Woman stuffed $1.9 million in purse over 15 years
/r/NotTheOnion presents our Best of 2015 Award winners!
Gamer keeps Nintendo system on for 20 years just to preserve a saved game
Gamer Keeps System on For 20 Years to Keep Saved Game
Hillary Clinton: I Wouldn't Keep Schools Open That Weren't 'Better-Than-Average'
Odell Beckham Kicked Out Strip Club for Paying Dancers to Keep Their Clothes On
Vé Máy Bay Đi Úc Giá Rẻ
A blues venue in East London allegedly refused entry to a group of black students last night, telling them they "looked like they would prefer rap music".
Drink-driving charge dropped due to unusual defence: woman's body is a brewery
Enticing dessert and 'overweight' waiters
A startup is offering a free IV hookup to cure your New Year's hangover
Get a Free IV Hookup to Cure Your Hangover on New Year's Day
Dubai family shocked as thief swaps stolen Peugeot with Infiniti
Jim Harbaugh storms stage after U-M loses to Florida in Oreo eating contest
Filipino man dies after hugging giant firework during New Year's Eve celebrations
Sorry tail: mermaids banned from public swimming pools
Facebook had a heavy NYE and now doesn't know what day it is
Amazon are donating proceeds from far right anti immigration group's musical single to refugee charity.
The Mind-Blowing Reason Women Are Putting Speakers Into Their Vaginas
Priest Suspended for Hoverboarding During Sermon
German far right anti immigration group releases musical single and Amazon is donating proceeds from it to refugee charity.
Vé Máy Bay Đi Thụy Điển Giá Rẻ
Turkey's President Erdogan cites 'Hitler's Germany' as example of effective government
Creationism evangelist: God put contradictions in the Bible to 'weed out' the atheists
Woman claims her body brews alcohol, has her DUI charge dismissed.
Ambassador turns chauffeur into Ikea wardobe slave: lawsuit
Drunk driving charges dropped after auto-brewery syndrome defence
Erdogan says Hitler's Germany exemplifies effective presidential system
Owl attacks of police officer.
One person dies in 'relatively peaceful' New Year celebrations
Hale Goetz responds after she was fat-shamed on Reddit
Jeb Bush's Secret Guacamole Recipe Finally Revealed
Church Service is Star Wars Themed
The Great Truth-Teller of 2015: Donald J. Trump
Medical helicoptor dispatched due to large amount of wing sauce on highway, originally thought to be blood from vehicle roll over
Finally Revealed: Jeb Bush's Secret Guacamole Recipe : NPR
Four-year-old delivers pizza, coffee to police during long standoff
A British Astronaut on the International Space Station misdials number, asking "Hello, is this Earth?" insists it wasn't a prank call.
Russian Guy Drinks Himself To 'Death,' Wakes Up In Morgue, Resumes Drinking
Turkey's president cites Hitler's Germany as effective presidential system
Finally Revealed: Jeb Bush's Secret Guacamole Recipe
That Powerball winners boyfriend was just arrested again last night on heroin charges and she bailed him out for 12 million this time.
New accessory for American Girl dolls: diabetic care kit
Teen steals school bus, takes friends for ride to Tim Hortons: police
Don Lemon to Kathy Griffin on NYE: 'Nice Rack'
Political Correctness Teaches Humans to Fail the Turing Test
'Nice rack!' Don Lemon gives Kathy Griffin inappropriate compliment during CNN's NYE broadcast
Soldiers show how to jump start car using AK-47 assault rifles
AXL ROSE Confirms His Love of Taco Bell
If we support a woman's natural inclination to pull her nipple out in public to breastfeed, we should also support a man's natural inclination to grab it. - Rep. Josh Moore
The Lakers' Rose Parade float featured an apathetic Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and a basketball made of lentils
Kolkata: Man pushed to death from woman special train
Jackson councilman suggests throwing rocks at police
Jackson Councilman says' Let's throw rocks at police'
'My roommate used my toothbrush' among year's worst 911 calls
Ethan Couch's mom paid his Mexican strip club tab
Entire Florida Police Dept Busted Laundering Tens of Millions for International Drug Cartels
IKEA recalls bags of nuts and raisins... because they may contain nuts
Woman Arrested For Twerking On Elderly Man's Casket At Funeral Causing It To Fall Over
Maternal kisses are not effective in alleviating minor childhood injuries (boo-boos): a randomized, controlled and blinded study.
Man dies in Preston after being attacked by his own dog
Donald Trump says no one will be able to play golf if Bernie Sanders becomes president
Fight over Instagram password leads to gunfire in Jersey City
Owl attacks officer, causes car crash.
This 6-year-old Habs fan is on the feds' terror watchlist
Gardai face probe over claims they let male strippers 'dance their way' out of paying a fine
'Consensual fight' interrupted by hatchet attack at downtown apartment
Some Conservatives Don't Like Paul Ryan's "Muslim Beard"
Chicago Rings in New Year With First Homicide
Dog with cold cut crown dupes thousands on Facebook
Donald Trump warns that Bernie Sanders will take golf away if elected
Purple-dyed cat used as chew toy rescued in San Jose
Costumed chicken, egg, polar bear among those who took the Polar Bear Plunge
Texas 'Cop of the Year' exposed as member of Mexico's most dangerous cartel
North Carolina man accused of stealing white dog from shelter, dyeing it purple
Pro Wrestler's Penis Takedown Just Got Bigger
Ontario company delivers sex toys and snacks in an hour
'It's like managing a boyband!' Cat owner spends five hours a day running a Facebook page for her 'Magnificent 7' pets that have attracted over a million followers and two modelling contracts
Man Allegedly Stole White Dog, Then Dyed It Purple
Donald Trump shames President Obama for watching 'Star Wars'
Canadian teen charged with joyriding after stealing school bus & driving to Tim Hortons with it.
Man kills son by sitting on him while playing video games.
Fiorina, Playing Political Football, Supports Alma Mater's Bowl Opponent
Police Finally Going After the Rich Old Dude Surf Gang That Rules a Palos Verdes Beach
The woman who sued Sacha Baron Cohen over a "Bruno" attack now says the actor never struck her, but beat her down emotionally to the point she's now confined to a wheelchair.
Hamilton, Ont., police charge teen after school bus joyride to Tim Hortons.
Christian preachers claim they need to fly first-class because it's impossible to talk to God in coach
Naked Peeping Tom wearing Ronald Reagan mask caught on camera in Vestavia Hills
91% of patients who survive opioid overdose are prescribed more opioids
Ted Cruz: I idolized Han Solo as a kid
'Family values' Republican: Men should be allowed to grab breastfeeding women's nipples in public
Nuns fight to keep their marijuana business in Merced.
Al-Shabaab Releases Recruitment Video Featuring Donald Trump
Sheriff: 270-pound father suffocates young son to death
North Carolina man accused of stealing dog from shelter and dyeing it purple.
Robbers wish Agra bank staff 'Happy New Year', make off with Rs 26 lakh(40000$)
Blonde girlfriend bangs in homemade
Politician Says Moms Breastfeeding In Public Should Have 'No Problem' With Men Groping Them
Unwanted Christmas gift of $100 bill sells for $257.50 on Trade Me
Carly Fiorina Ditches Alma Mater, Roots for Iowa in Rose Bowl Ahead of Caucuses
Woman Beats Drunk Driving Charge by Telling Judge That Her Gut Is a Brewery
Naked man wearing Ronald Reagan mask caught peeping in windows
MERCED "NUNS" FIGHT TO KEEP THEIR MARIJUANA BASED BUSINESS
Boy Spends $5,000 on Dad's iPad Playing Jurassic World
Naked Man Wearing Ronald Reagan Mask Caught On Camera
The London Fire Brigade wants you to be careful with penis rings
Yale Students Sign "Petition" to Repeal the First Amendment
Carly Fiorina sacrifices Stanford alma mater for Iowa votes
Somali terror group uses Trump quotes in propaganda video
Ohio Man Arrested After Posting Video of Himself Drinking While Driving
4 Shot Dead Over Washing Machine Dispute
Bizarre! Man has sex with donkey, tells police 'penis out of control'
This intravaginal speaker turns your womb into a high-def concert hall for your baby
Lots of People Think Complete Nonsense Is Profound, Study Finds
Man tries to 'time travel', drives his car straight through the wall of a shopping centre
From NYC to Harvard: the war on Asian success
Son, eat before you die: Pakistani mother told Pathankot terrorist
Somalia's al-Shabaab militants use Donald Trump in recruiting film
Young Boy spank on Sexy girls booty making her horny | लड़की का चिकना बद...
Pryor Teen Shot While 'Ding Dong Ditching' In Neighborhood
Bizarre: Woman dodges DUI charges by claiming her body brews alcohol
Al-Shabab militant group uses Donald Trump in propaganda film
Everything In Past All Wrong Says High Priest of Futurism (1911)
Ted Cruz: 'Han Solo shot first'
Gamer keeps system on for 20 years to preserve saved game
Company claims they'll be able to RESURRECT THE DEAD by 2045
Sign language speaking gorilla's message to people for 2016: "Man is stupid, protect earth"
Christian Anti-Masturbation Mascot Sentenced To 8 Years For Public Masturbation
Weight of responsibility: Firefighters cut 2,000 obese people from their homes in 3yrs
Emails show Hillary aides constantly complimented her looks
Syracuse students: Being 'unaware of the latest musical trends' is a racist 'micro-aggression'
Honeydew heist robs melon fans
Runner mistakes massive snake for fallen tree branch
A chauffeur to Sweden's UN ambassador is suing for over a million dollars after he says he was traumatized after being forced to assemble an IKEA wardrobe piece by himself
Bumbling would-be UK bomber asked Twitter followers for target suggestions
Swedish UN Ambassador's Chauffeur Suing For $1.7 Million After Being Forced To Assemble IKEA Wardrobe By Himself
of having Auto-brewery syndrome taking treatment
Fluvanna Co. Holds 4th Annual Controlled Hunt for Disabled People
Investigators: Deer brains, other parts found at Lititz restaurant
Pa. Chinese restaurant caught with deer brains, heads and unidentifiable animal body parts on premises
Dog with Slice of Ham on Face Gets 1.3 Million Facebook Prayers (and Counting)
Alabama couple spots nude man wearing Ronald Reagan mask
Switzerland signs deal to end banking secrecy
Nude intruder caught on camera: pauses, re-evaluates actions, runs away
Woman calls ex boyfriend 77,000 times in a week
Mississippi councilman says throw rocks at police chasing petty crooks in Jackson
A Welsh couple are changing their child's name from Diesel... to Popcorn
Purple-dyed kitten used as "chew toy" for other animals, veterinarian says
robbery victims fight back with umbrella
A George Costanza-Themed Bar Has Opened in Australia
San Diego Twins Born in Different Years
Despite ban, Iranians consume 60 million litres of alcohol each year
Don't listen to music on headphones when commuting 'in case of terror attack'
Dad Killed Son, 6, While Playing Video Games
Man Proudly "Open Carrying" New Pistol Is Robbed Of It At - Wait For It - Gunpoint
Naked intruder in Ronald Reagan mask wearing sock over his privates caught on CCTV outside TV star's home
Man fights to be transferred from NYCHA apartment with exploding toilet
Donald Trump clip is featured in recruitment video released by Al Qaeda affiliate
The Woman Who Thinks Reducing the Male Population by 90 Percent Will Solve Everything
Maternal kisses are not effective in alleviating minor childhood injuries (boo-boos)
Mayor of Mexican city killed only one day after taking office
See the George Costanza-themed bar that opened in Australia.
John Scott, NHL enforcer, named all-star game captain
Seinfeld's George Costanza inspires themed bar in Melbourne
Donald Trump comments used by Somali extremists to recruit followers
270lb man 'sits on son and suffocates him' while playing video game
2 Naked escorts chase gunmen through an Atlanta hotel
Mobile phone users should be more alert, says ex-security chief
Tommy Lee got stuck in a rollercoaster at Mötley Crüe's final show
Televangelists Say They Need Private Jets Because 'Demons Fly Commercial'
'The book's not done' - New Game of Thrones book Winds of Winter delayed again
Woman Gets DUI Tossed Because Her Body Brews Beer
Al-Shabaab recruit video with Trump excerpt: U.S. is racist, anti-Muslim
150+ Armed American born terrorist extremists take over Oregon wildlife refuge.
here's a New Dating Site for White People to Meet Each Other in Peace
Boston Globe Editors, Reporters To Deliver Newspapers After Delivery Problems
Officials: Washing machine dispute led to quadruple homicide
Floyd Mayweather : "Conor McGregor's Popularity Proof That Racism Still Exists"
Nebraska man he raped 13-year-old foster child, claims he got her pregnant with syringe
Melbourne's RMIT University runs design course on how to make sex toys
Guy Keeps Console on for 20 Years to Keep Gamesave Alive - GameSpot
Finally Got Him: Nigerian charged in sophisticated email scam is in custody in Dallas
Japanese gamer keeps his Super Nintendo switched on for 20 YEARS just so he doesn't lose his progress in a game
Three time bike theft victim went out to steal himself a replacement
During sermon on violence, N.C. pastor confronts man with rifle
US man shot dead by his son after killing three 'in dispute over washing machine'
Alleged car thief hides drugs in anus
Scalia: 'Don't cram' religious neutrality 'down throats of American people'
Meet the Wolfe-man and his back hair art
Supreme court justice Scalia: 'Don't cram' religious neutrality 'down throats' of Americans.
Intruder shot and killed by homeowner in Lakeland, deputies say
Charged with stalking and exposing himself, Manatee man tells deputies he masturbates in public every day
Tutu Makers Are In Dangerous Short Supply, Says London Royal Opera House
Crazy white guys with guns take over a federal building
Republican says he should be allowed to grab breastfeeding women's nipples if ban for public breastfeeding doesn't pass as a law.
Mesa County sheriff: Woman suspected of DUI was going 5 mph
A Militia Has Taken Over A Federal Building In Oregon
Man arrested after exchanging Snapchat information with armed robbery victim and taking a selfie
Billboard for dating website targeting only white and straight people appears in Utah
'Where White People Meet' dating site billboard turning heads in Utah
An airline passenger projects pirated movie onto the wall next to the actress who acts in it.
In New Year's address, North Korea's Kim vows to raise living standards
Crazy face-tattoo guy causes more of a scene than usual
Man Kills Friend After Their Balls Touch During A Three-Some
Televangelists Say They Need Private Jets Because 'Demons Fly Commercial' (Video)
Twins Born 3 Minutes Apart, But in Different Years
Japanese Gamer Left SNES Powered On For 20 Years to Preserve Saved Game
Four dead in family shootout over washing machine
This Russian Man Got Drunk, Died & Came Back Alive Only To Start Drinking Once Again!
Women harassing menfolk! Sounds weird, but it's true
Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama created isis
Farmhand, 21, jailed after being caught having sex with a female donkey because his 'privates were out of control'
Afghans warned against joyful gunfire ahead of soccer final
Kyrgyzstan detains Briton for 'horse penis' delicacy comparison
"Nuns" Fight To Keep Their Marijuana-Based Business In California
Guinness will finally stop using fish guts to purify their beer
Vegans can now drink Guinness as fish bladders no longer used
Poll: Whites and Republicans Rank as Angriest Americans
FBI now investigating "Wolf of Wall Street" for corruption [X-Post /r/movies]
Willy do it? Man with bionic penis to finally lose his virginity at 43
Idaho man finds art in back hair
British miner arrested after comparing New Year's meal to a horse penis
Woman struck by pickup to be cited for 'sudden pedestrian movement'
Rep. Josh Moore (R): "I'm Allowed To Grab Breastfeeders' Nipples If They Use Them In Public"
Eddie Griffin: 'Cosby Rape Accusations Are Part Of Conspiracy To Bring Down Successful Black Men'
Washington's gnarliest skateboard jump? The Canadian Embassy
Man Tricks Package Thieves, Putting Gallon of Water and Cat Poop in Box
Dutch Man (21) thinks he wins the "National Postcode Lottery" but turns out he didn't have enough money in his account so he never completed the transfer.
British man compares Kyrgyz delicacy to 'horse penis', causes strike at gold mine, faces five years in jail
Daytime drinking parties convenient choice for moms, seniors
Scot 'arrested in Kyrgyzstan' over 'horse penis' dish joke
The Prodigy Band Member, Keith Flint, Takes Up Foxhunting
Elevator hero wished woman 'Happy New Year' before being crushed to death
Doughnut-stealing raccoon is Toronto's response to #Pizzarat
Two buggies involved in crash Friday night east of Goshen
The Prodigy Band Member, Keith Flint, Takes Up Fox Hunting. Anonymous Responds With Threat.
New York Woman Claims Her Body Brews Alcohol, Has DUI Charge Dismissed
'Family values' conservative: If women can breastfeed in public, I can grab their breasts
Breastfeeding Women's Nipples Are up for Grabs, Says New Hampshire Legislator
A Female Lawmaker Defends Public Breastfeeding. Her Male Colleague Threatens To Grab Nipples.
N.H. lawmakers make disturbing comments on colleague's Facebook post about breastfeeding
Breastfeeding Women's Nipples Are up for Grabs, Says New Hampshire
CNN analyst: White militiamen aren't a threat like black protesters because 'they're not looting anything'
County sheriff: Woman suspected of DUI was going 5 mph
Man steals Christmas gifts from home, returns to swipe puppy, police say
New Documents Expose Texas 'Cop of the Year' as Member of Mexico's 'Most Dangerous' Cartel
Wheels on fire: hoverboards, the toy from hell
More studies on treating small penis anxiety are needed, researchers say
Armed group's leader in federal building: 'We will be here as long as it takes
Briton faces five years in jail for Kyrgyz sausage horse penis slur
British gold miner Michael McFeat faces jail for calling Kyrgyzstan sausage a 'horse's penis'
Ricky Gervais Apologizes in Advance For What He'll Say at the Golden Globes
Men in ultra-conservative Saudi Arabia are outraged after being catcalled by women in a shopping mall
Briton faces jail for horse penis joke
Prince Philip: 'engineers come only second to God'
New Year's Hamilton honeydew heist has police seeking melon bandit
Hillary Clinton: I will reveal truth about UFOs if I become America's next President
HILLARY CLINTON: 'I WILL REVEAL TRUTH ABOUT UFOS AND AREA 51 IF I BECOME PRESIDENT
British Hikers Rescued Three Times in Iceland
Struggle over board game turns violent
Xi's bookshelf becomes hot topic on social media
'The manager told us someone dying was more important': 'Cold-hearted' bar customer goes on rant saying her New Year's Eve was ruined by woman having a HEART ATTACK
Markham boy, 6, on no-fly list, parents say
Texas 'Cop of the Year' Exposed As Member Of Mexico's Deadliest Drug Cartel
Skeleton found under school could be pirate
Judge Dismisses DUI Charge After Woman Claims Her Body Brews Alcohol [X-post from /r/news]
Washington state top court: some knives are likely constitutionally protected 'arms,' but paring knives aren't
Soraya Arnelas' Christmas concert for future babies via the Babypod®
A man called Kale opens a vegan butcher that sells 'meat-free meat'
Fears for lost dog and cat after petsitter in Sydney has stroke and forgets owners
Won't you like to get gifts every time you're bored? Use my referral code: 2bbd093 to get 20 bonus coins.
Babypod entertains your fetus with an insertable speaker for your baby maker
Court finds no damages after forest fires
Man Has 1,497 Credit Cards
CHINESE WOMAN CAUGHT STEALING LIFE JACKET FROM CATHAY PACIFIC, FINED $2,000
Not lovin' it: McDonald's under fire for enforcing customer dress code
Mark Zuckerberg unveils 2016 plans for artificially intelligent butler
Naked escorts chase gunmen through Atlanta hotel
Marijuana, the miracle drug
Hillary to open the X-Files: Clinton promises to 'get to the bottom' of Area 51 if she becomes President and stuns reporter by saying 'I think we may have been visited already'
Quirky Gopher Hole Museum stars rodent Mounties, cowboys and belles
'Watermelon boy' finds fame with Australia cricket fans
Chinese president Xi Jinping will be nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize
Judge Dismisses DUI Charge After Woman Claims Her Body Brews Alcohol
Grannies Try Fireball Whiskey For The First Time And It's Magic
Gamer Stabs Cyber Cafe Worker For Hogging PC In A Game Of Dota
Police: Domino's Pizza Driver Stabs Customer Over Delivery Time
Republican tries a Star Wars/gun control analogy, calls Obama Darth Vader
Brit could face five years jail in Kyrgyzstan after 'horse penis' Facebook joke
Jaden Smith Is The New Face Of Louis Vuitton's SS16 Womenswear Campaign
Briton faces five years in Kyrgyzstan jail over horse penis joke
Driver with 88 license suspensions arrested in NY
Onions Australia investigates reports farmers are supplying imported onions to supermarkets, claiming they grew them locally
Naked prostitutes chase gunmen through hotel after they posed as clients and robbed them while they were stripped off
Pigeons Reveal Secret Cannabis Grow
Teenager Thrown From Roof 'For Being Gay', But ISIS Chief Who Raped Him Is Spared
ISIS throw 15-year-old boy off a roof for being gay... but the terror chief who raped him is let off
CES 2016Attending CES? TechCrunch Wants To See Your Startup Mark Zuckerberg Is Building A Real-Life Version Of Iron Man's Digital Assistant 'Jarvis'
Man Grabs Gun Instead Of Wallet, Shoots Himself In The Butt
Woman Gets DUI Charge Dismissed Because Her Stomach Brews Alcohol
Indian house wife enjoying with Theaf while power of at home mistakenly
Vending Machine Press Issue #13
'Undies money' prompts retailers to take stand against unhygienic cash-carrying habits
Man with bionic penis after his was ripped off in childhood accident is due to lose his virginity aged 43 to sex campaigner
Man fitted with bionic penis will finally lose his virginity aged 43 to £200-an-hour dominatrix
Mark Zuckerberg to build robot butler to look after his child as part of 2016 New Year's resolution
Some WhatsApp users still facing service disruption
China Communist party reinforces ban on superstition
Windsor Castle switch to modern duvets sparks consternation among staff
The French 1st baby born in 2016 is called Lemmy.
British granny on Bali death row is forced to fund her appeal by setting up a knitting group in jail
Delivery Man Accused Of Stabbing Customer After Fighting About Late Pizza
A former Mujahideen, Afghan provincial governor takes up arms to protect the Indian consulate in Mazar-i-Sharif
Police arrest suspect who took Snapchat selfie with robbery victim
Gardai investigate allegations that a female officer was injured during male strip show in station
ROBBERY SUSPECT NABBED AFTER TAKING SNAPCHAT SELFIE WITH VICTIM
Scot in Kyrgyzstan 'deported' for comparing sausage dish to horse penis
Muslim man with bionic penis to lose his virginity to UK sex campaigner
Plumber sues for $1M after truck shown with terrorists
There's Now a Dating Website Where White People Can Meet White People
Horse penis joke Scot 'to be deported'
Denmark: Facebook blocks Little Mermaid over 'bare skin'
Hillary Clinton: We Can't Legalize Drugs Because 'There Is Just Too Much Money in It'
Kyrgyzstan judge 'deports Briton' for comparing sausage dish to horse penis
Deputies: New Year's Eve refrigerator raid lands neighbor in jail
Jimmy Haslam threatens some poor QB with the second pick in the NFL draft.
Man found juggling flaming batons at scene of elevator fire
Jaden Smith Is The New Face Of Louis Vuitton Womenswear
Donald Trump's Campaign Ad
KFC employee throws food in dispute and breaks headset.
Canadian Scientists Find Medicinal Properties in Maple Syrup Compound
Toyota Cars Will Be Equipped With Ford's Software
Jaden Smith new face of Louis Vuitton womenswear campaign
Ministers arrived to meet flooded locals 'on wrong side of collapsed bridge'
Burglars cook burgers and leave 'thank you' note
Thieves blow up village Post Office
Laurie Anderson Puts on a Concert for Dogs in Times Square
Pizza Delivery Driver Stabs Customer Over Wait Time
Jaden Smith Stars In Louis Vuitton's New Womenswear Campaign
Austin Mom wants her son back! - AVNetnews
Patient in pain lost in health-care limbo waits 10 years for surgery
Clinton: Aliens may have visited us already
Nuclear threat absent from latest Kim Jong Un speech
Oregon 'terrorists' don't plan siege very well, put out plea for snacks and supplies
Hillary Clinton Vows To Investigate UFOs And Area 51
Will Smith Has Some Feelings About the Fate of His Independence Day Character
It's Legal to Steal a Gay Bar in Moscow Now
IRS Identity Fraud Prevention Specialist Arrested For Identity Fraud
Republican compares Barack Obama to Darth Vader in ridiculous Star Wars rant about gun control
George RR Martin 'astonished' by fan support over missed Game of Thrones deadline
Woman writes paper accusing Carbon Fiber of being sexist
Jaden Smith Is the New Face of Louis Vuitton
Donald Trump TV Ad
Jaden Smith pictured modelling a skirt as he's announced as new face of Louis Vuitton womenswear campaign
Someone stole Abraham Lincoln's hand from a small Illinois museum. And the police are baffled
Volvo V70 model owned by Ukip leader, who suggested his car had been tampered with, may have been subject of recall in 2010 over wheel problems.
Man With Bionic Penis Will Finally Lose His Virginity To A Celebrity Dominatrix
'Man stupid. Protect Earth': New Year message from Koko the gorilla, who urges humanity to stop destroying the planet
Donald Trump's new ad
Top paid CEOs will make salary of average Canadian by lunch on Monday
Jaden Smith revealed as face of Louis Vuitton womenswear
Clinton plans to investigate Area 51, UFOs if elected
Chinese restaurant caught with deer brains, heads and unidentifiable animal body parts on premises
6-year-old boy lands on no-fly list.
Four dead following dispute over washing machine
Anti-LGBT radio host: There's nowhere left to shop because everywhere is pro-gay
Hillary Clinton: We May Have Already Been Visited By Aliens
Jaden Smith dons skirt in Louis Vuitton's womenswear Ad
Ohio town starts off new year with no police force, new response times worry citizens
Turkey's Erdogan: We Need a Nation Like Israel, a System Like Hitler's Germany
Alberta's oil slump could trigger a spike in obesity rates as thousands cope with layoffs, specialists say
Bacon found at 2nd mosque as cops hunt for suspected vandal
CLINTON PROMISES TO INVESTIGATE UFOS
Facebook made its Android app crash to test your loyalty
Facebook made its Android app crash on purpose to prepare for war with Google
Machete-wielding vandal leaves 3 pounds of bacon at Florida mosque
Dental care in England 'Third World'
Fort Worth firefighters respond to elevator fire, find man juggling flaming batons
Shark bullbar: Perth driver caught on camera with dead shark strapped to car.
Jaden Smith revealed as the new face of Louis Vuitton womenswear
Meet Babypod, an intravaginal speaker that delivers music to your fetus
In Case of Emergency, Aviation Police Trained to "Run and Hide"
Guidance to unarmed aviation police: Run and hide
Vandal takes machete to mosque, leaves bacon
Poland's new government dislikes critical media, vegetarians and cyclists
The Same Pill That Costs $1,000 in America Sells for $4 in India
Tory ministers branded 'plonkers' after arriving late to meet flood-hit locals on the wrong side of collapsed bridge
Artist paid £15k to live in Glasgow for a year
'New Jihadi John' suspect is a 'former bouncy castle salesman from east London'
Caricature artist tries to kill boss with scissors at Universal Orlando park
Dominatrix to deflower 43-year-old man with bionic penis
Man with bionic penis to finally lose virginity with London sex worker
'Pizza Rat' turns to cannibalism in New York subway station
Universal Orlando Caricature Artist Stabs Boss With Scissors
Todd McFarlane Twitter says Tupac is alive
Government ministers meet flooded locals 20 minutes late and on the wrong side of a collapsed bridge
Boy, 6, takes mum on dinner dates paid for with his own pocket money 'to learn to respect women'
Russians can now buy a perfume to smell like Vladimir Putin
Glasgow flathunter offered '£450-a-month bathroom'
Hillary Clinton Pledges to "Get to the Bottom" of UFO's and Aliens
Pantless man wielding meat cleaver arrested
'Once a month my son takes me on a date' - Mom's Facebook post goes viral
A look at recent refugees in Alabama, just one from Syria
Vietnam Follows China, Guides Dong Lower
This Petition Asks Artists To Stop Creating 'Zootopia' Furry Porn
Vladimir Putin perfume goes on sale in Moscow
Now there's a Mike Tyson Bitcoin app
Terrorists should practice Yoga - Indian politician Rajnath Singh.
Samuel L. Jackson Says Donald Trump Cheats at Golf
Toddler who lost arm to cancer receives three-legged kitten for Christmas
Bank Robbers used niqab disguises as Salafi women to hold up Philadelphia banks
$50,000 worth of honeydew melons stolen on New Year's Eve: police
Kilroy's complaint, response go viral
Graphene dental fillings make it more strength and can stay forever
Oregon Militants Say They're Getting Worse Treatment Than Black Lives Matter Movement
This is Weird AF (SFW)
Founder of White People Meet: Don't call me racist, 'I dated a black woman once'
State police stop wrong-way driver on Interstate 291 in Springfield; no injuries reported
Wrong-way Driver on Interstate 291
Minneapolis police seize over $1M worth of marijuana disguised as produce
Mens' rights activists claim they cost The Force Awakens 4 million dollars
Trump's first ad features Morocco, not Mexico
Woman complains that diner who had heart attack ruined her New Year's Eve
Hillary Clinton pledges to create an Area 51 task force, says aliens may have visited us already
Miner with Canadian gold company arrested in Kyrgyzstan for comparing national delicacy to horse penis
House Intelligence Committee Orders Investigation Into Surveillance Of Congress That It Authorized
Republican says men should be allowed to grab women's nipples if they are breastfeeding in public
Oklahoma Farming couple arrested after selling cucumbers pickled in wife's vagina
Would You Put a Little Speaker in Your Vagina (for Your Baby)?
Connecticut Education Commissioner Dianna Wentzell decides giving students stickers is the best way to solve the opt-out testing movment
Drinker wakes up in a morgue after being declared DEAD when he passed out downing vodka in Russia... and heads straight back to the party
Donald Trump TV Ad Disguises Morocco's Border as US-Mexico Border
Pastor dies, struck by lightning while preaching in Namibia
Nuns claim they were forced to brand themselves with fire, eat out-of-date food and write orders of obedience in their own blood in Mafia-style initiations at Italian convent
The hairdresser who posted a rant about a diner ruining her New Year's Eve meal by having a HEART ATTACK
Hillary Clinton says aliens may have paid us a visit
Hillary Clinton says aliens may have visited Earth
"Mow them Down," Americans Once Critical of Police Killings Now Beg Feds to "Slaughter" US Citizens
Football Players Experience Fewer Spine, Head Injuries In Helmet-Less Training Program: Study
Commentary: A letter to militiamen in Oregon
Social media star arrested after police standoff
Johnny Manziel Reportedly Wore a Blonde Wig & Fake Mustache and Used a Fake Name in Vegas This Weekend
3 hours of Kylie Jenner Snapchat Stories
Canada investigates why 6-year-old is listed as travel risk
Men's rights activists declare victory over Star Wars
'He's six': Parents question why son is on travel security list
ESPN: Johnny 'Billy' Manziel seen wearing disguise at Las Vegas club
Earth's largest ever ape died out because it refused to eat its greens - study
New game show will challenge contestants to not laugh at Larry The Cable Guy
Woman giving vodka butt shots causes riot after diarrhea explosion
Photo GalleriesThe NationalAboriginalCBC News Network Naked man wearing Ronald Reagan mask peeps through window, terrifies neighbourhood
Naked man wearing Ronald Reagan mask peeps through window, terrifies neighbourhood
Port Lincoln murder-suicide: Father who drove kids off wharf a 'top bloke', shocked friends say
Johnny Manziel Partied In Vegas With A Fake Wig And Mustache
Floyd Mayweather: Racial bias to blame for Conor McGregor's popularity
Mallu Aunty Try to Seduce to Youngboy in Lodge
After Flying for 40 Minutes, Someone Noticed a Plane Door Was Open
Musician David Lowry wants to sue the Spotify
After a Terrifying Week, a YouTube Star Mourns the Tragic Loss of a Loved One
Volvo wants you to Netflix and drive
Downton Abbey is popular in America 'because there are no black people in it', claims Barry Humphries
Florida Man "travelling through time" crashes car through two businesses
No-fly list flags more Canadian toddlers as security risks
This Fascinating NSFW Vid Shows Sex From Inside The Vagina
Woman Gives "Vodka Butt Shots" At Bar, Causing Riot After Diarrhea Explosion
Scientific Research Confirms That Women Lie About Their Sexual History
Sanders Says He's Not a Career Politician After 25 Years in Congress
Star Wars: Men's Rights Group Claims Its Boycott Cost The Force Awakens Millions
A woman proves in court that her body brews alcohol. Her drunk driving charge is dropped.
How the Shia-Sunni split in 632AD led to Iran and Saudi Arabia's power games today
Putin inspires new 'attractive, matter-of-fact' fragrance now available in Moscow
British miner faces jail in Kyrgyzstan over horse penis jibe
After five years of trying, blind gamer finally beats Ocarina of Time
'New Jihadi John' travelled to Syria with his wife and four children under the noses of British security services while on bail for terror offences
Star Wars Monopoly that's missing lead character has fans asking #WheresRey
Iran, Emerging From Sanctions, Faces More Isolation After Embassy Attack
Gun control: Barack Obama to end background checks loophole for online dealers and gun shows
U.S. Struggles to Explain Alliance With Saudis
Chinese villagers build giant golden Chairman Mao
This Six-Year-Old Canadian Has Been Flagged a Flight Security Risk Since He Was a Baby
Poroshenko posts pic of himself photoshopped in Putin's place
He Brought This Photograph For $2 And It Made Him A Millionaire
School for LGBT youth to open this school year in Atlanta
Malaysia Airlines: No more check-in luggage on all Europe flights from tonight, cites safety
Militant in Islamic State video believed to be British 'bouncy castle' salesman
Lazy city workers paint over dead dog.
Founder of White People Meet hits back at claims of racism: 'I dated a black woman once'
Iranian Schoolgirls Burn Barbie Dolls in "Death to America" Protest
Amazon customer complains, finds spiteful 10-inch dildo in his shopping basket
Bollywood star catches man watching illegal copy of her film Dilwale next to her on plane
New fragrance inspired by Putin goes on sale in Russia
Gamer keeps Super Nintendo plugged in for 20 years to save game
Indianapolis Diner Complains Her Meal Was 'Ruined' By Heart Attack Victim
Outrage after Marks and Spencer luxury biscuit is revealed to be Custard Cream "in disguise" Read more: http://www.cornishguardian.co.uk/Outrage-Marks-Spencer-luxury-biscuit-revealed/story-28465911-detail/story.html#ixzz3wNHQGQGA Follow us: @cornishguardian on Twitter | cornishguardian on Facebook
Outrage after Marks and Spencer luxury biscuit is revealed to be Custard Cream "in disguise"
The man with a bionic penis will lose his virginity to a dominatrix who ran for parliament
Johnny Manziel 'wore blond wig and fake mustache to party incognito in Las Vegas over the weekend days after showing up inebriated to Cleveland Browns practice'
Cyprus PTA Offers Domestic Help as School Lottery Prize
Russian police bust $30M contraband cheese ring
Uproar over domestic worker-linked school raffle prize
Man in wheelchair robs bank in Queens, New York.
Sheldon Adelson Didn't Expect Journalists at His New Paper to Uncover His Purchase
DUI Charges Dropped for Woman Whose Body Allegedly Brews Alcohol
10 Famous Actors Who Did Nude Scenes By Accident
Report: Johnny Manziel goes incognito in Vegas, with blond wig, fake mustache and glasses
Jeb: George W. probably 'most popular president' among Republicans
Fisher-Price Now Has a Toy That Teaches Preschoolers How to Code
Mosque vandalism suspect arrested, accused of raw-bacon drop
Brooklyn Teen Kills Mother And Mother's Boyfriend Then Celebrates New Years Eve
Naked Peeping Tom in Ronald Reagan mask was teen prankster who has now apologized
Sonic youth: vaginal speaker lets you play tunes to foetuses
In Texas, Nigerian awaits trial for 'extremely sophisticated' email fraud scheme
23 хитрости на кухне, о которых не знает даже твоя мама
Nigerian arraigned for duping U.S. firms of $600,000
Public university could punish neck rubs as sexual battery under new policy
Chinese village builds 120-foot gold statue of a leader blamed for millions of deaths
Leader of Armed Oregon Protest Against Federal "Tyranny" Took Federal Loan
Kmart Coupon Excludes Almost Everything Kmart Sells
Former KKK leader organizes Great Falls MLK celebration
'American Idol's' Brian Dunkleman has let it go
German Govt Hires Ex-Stasi Agent To Patrol Facebook For 'Xenophobic' Comments
Michigan Woman Blasts Muslims Who Say Stabbing Jews Is Forbidden Under Islam
Cologne inspired by Vladimir Putin goes on sale in Moscow
New Face of ISIS Believed to Be a Former Bouncy Castle Salesman
Burger King Escalates Cheap Fast Food Wars with 5 for $4 Deal
43 Year Old Virgin Finally Gets Lucky Thanks to Bionic Penis
Twitter Considering 10,000-Character Limit for Tweets
New "Cat Cafe" needs to close, due to lack of cats.
Manager pleased his Facebook reply to angry customer was well-received
Hairdresser Posts Facebook Rant Complaining That Her NYE Meal Was Ruined By Woman Having Heart Attack
Girls skin ripped off in McDonald's Prank
Man in a wheelchair robs a bank
Israeli passengers forced cabin crew to remove two Israeli Arabs from flight
Arsonist sets himself on fire trying to torch Queens pet store
Man Who Took Snapchat Selfie With Robbery Victim Arrested
Cleveland Fans Apply to Relocate Browns to Los Angeles
Vancouver's Catfe temporarily closed, needs more cats
Giant Mao statue appears in China's countryside
A Blind Man Has Finally Completed 'Ocarina of Time' After Five Years
Restaurant manager pleased his Facebook reply to angry customer was well-received
Jeb Bush says brother George may join campaign to help save candidacy: 'He is very popular'
Chinese man arrives in Israel by boat - without meaning to
Man open carrying robbed at gunpoint
Utah-based dating site for white people 'not racially motivated at all,' founder says
Facebook accused of crashing Android app to test users' loyalty
Militant In New Isis Video Was a Former Bouncy Castle Salesman
Kyrgyzstan deports Briton after horse penis comment
Parliament will debate the petition to block Donald Trump from the UK
Fox host: President Obama put a 'raw onion' in his podium so he could cry fake tears for kids killed by guns
For $100 You Can Eat This Doughnut Covered With 24-Karat Gold Flakes And Cristal Champagne Icing
Brian Urlacher Got Hair
teen boy will be charged as adult for having naked pics of minor: himself
Vitamin D No Help in Preventing Falls
Tenn Lawmaker: I Support Oregon Militia's Ideas, Not Methods
U.K. Parliament Will Debate Banning Donald Trump From the Country
Man drowns himself in Austrian lake using concrete block with wife's head inside
Anti-racist graffiti at Confederate cemetary
ves "Vodka Butt Shots" At Bar, Causing Riot After Diarrhea Explosion
White People Meet: 'Don't call me racist' says founder of dating website
Late-night snacks affect memory
California Drug Enforcer Caught With Marijuana in Pennsylvania
Diner Complains Her Meal Was 'Ruined' By Heart Attack Victim
Claim Eve came from Adam's penis dismissed as phallacy
British man compares Kyrgyz delicacy to 'horse's penis', causes strike at gold mine, now faces five years in jail
Girl hit by car that dropped her off at Halifax high school
Perth driver with shark strapped to front of car could face huge fines
Johnny Manziel Reportedly Caught In Disguise At Vegas Nightclub
Report: Johnny Manziel Spotted In Vegas Club Wearing Wig, Glasses While Partying Saturday Night
Firefighters responding to grain elevator fire find man juggling flaming batons
Please Return Baby Jesus. No Questions Asked.
Leader of armed protesters in Oregon took out $530,000 federal loan
convict says he's innocent, didn't grasp plea deal due to low I.Q.
Equinox milking controversy with breastfeeding ad?
LOUIS VUITTON CASTS A 'FINAL FANTASY' CHARACTER IN SPRING 2016 CAMPAIGN
Facebook accused of 'crashing' its Android app as part of user loyalty experiment
Enormous golden Mao statue built in Chinese village
Rubio Outraged by Spying on Israel's Government, OK with Mass Surveillance of Americans
Viacom Whistleblower Alleges Ninja Turtles Tax Fraud Plan
Top 15 Things to Get Done Before The Year Ends To Start New Year 2016
MPs to debate calls to ban Donald Trump
The backseat of a police cruiser is not the best place to hide drugs..
Fox News host mocks Obama's tears over Sandy Hook: "Check the podium for a raw onion"
A vaginal sound system has been made for pregnant women
BLOG: Man Tried to Hide Meth in Cop Car, Police Say
Corruption in Ukraine is so bad, a Nigerian prince would be embarrassed
Oregon Considers Wall to Keep Out Angry White Men
worldnews censors a story half a day until merkel herself comments on it, they are forced to let the story stay and blame "raiders" while heavily censoring the truth
Man arrested for firing a gun at a dictionary during fight with girlfriend
Saudi men complain of harassment by women in shopping centre--Male shoppers complained about being cat-called and followed by women
Austria: Dismembered Woman's Head Found in Concrete Block
The life sized Noah's Ark is actually being built
The Man Who Got a Bionic Penis Will Lose His Virginity to a Dominatrix
Twitter considering 10,000-character limit for tweets -report
Olympic Stadium Cut Off Over Unpaid Bills
8 young, Korean popstars mistaken for prostitutes at LAX
Tourists touching down at Heathrow given guide to British etiquette
German man uses wife's head as weight to drown himself
Couple on Hike Does Not Get Engaged. Woman 'Literally' Jumps Off Cliff
Fox News host: Obama used 'raw onion' to cry
How Tall Does Each Candidate Seem?
Man drowns himself using murdered wife's head: police
Study Finds Frequent Emoji Users Are The Horniest Of All
In Ukraine, Google translates Russia as 'Mordor' and top diplomat's name as 'sad little horse'
Australian Senator labels someone a "cunt" in Twitter argument
Oregon Militia Wants to 'Free' Occupied Land for Logging, But There Are No Trees
UK Parliament to Debate Banning Donal Trump
Nonconformist will not be tolerated!
UK Parliament to Debate Banning Trump
New Chrome App Helps Women Stop Saying "Just" and "Sorry" in Emails
Parliament Will Debate Banning Donald Trump From The UK
Jennifer Lawrence says she's 'officially a virgin' again because she's too 'picky'
Reddit wants to glitter bomb the militants in Oregon
Sister of Suspected ISIS Executioner: I Will 'Kill Him Myself' if It's True
Fox News Host Andrea Tantaros: Barack Obama Used 'Raw Onion' to Cry for Kids Killed by Guns
The man with a bionic penis will lose his virginity to a dominatrix who ran for UK parliament
EVOLVEFEST Promotes Hatred & Bigotry In The EDM Community
The Armed Oregon Ranchers Who Want Free Land Are Already Getting A 93 Percent Discount
Northumbria Police force mocked over stolen beach towel post
'It's a real beauty' - Jimmy Buffett lyrics help tattoo shop with appeal against Key West
North Korea Announces That It Has Detonated First Hydrogen Bomb
Jeb Bush blames Mexicans for his daughter's drug addiction
Browns hire 'Moneyball' executive Paul DePodesta to run their football team
Court cites 'Margaritaville' lyrics to overturn Key West tattoo shop ban
Researchers find marijuana is a 'gateway drug,' to Viagra
Groom punched two bridesmaids at his own wedding reception
The Armed Oregon Ranchers Who Want Free Land Are Already Getting A 93 Percent Discount | FiveThirtyEight
Gross. Muslim Woman Uses Burka for Shoplifting Juice Jugs Between Her Legs
People who use more emojis have more active sex lives
Video Surfaces Of 2 Pizza Hut Workers Allegedly Smoking Bong, It remains unclear what substance was in the bong.
Uber cab ride on New Year's Eve pinches customer for $1,114.71
Mexican marijuana farmers see profits tumble as U.S. loosens laws
Radio host: There's nowhere left to shop because everywhere is pro-gay
Ted Cruz Ad Envisions an Influx of Bankers Crossing the Border
Leader of Oregon militia (in standoff) took out $530,000 in loans from the federal government.
Name was tested with many people, says Eunoia JC principal
Christian college begins process to remove professor who wore a hijab
Behind a Shopping Center in New Jersey, Signs of a Mass Extinction
BBC reporter breaks 'world's safest drone'
Burger King latest chain to launch value meal
Squirrels in Cardiff are really fat because of the mild winter weather
Man Hospitalized After Ramen and Cola Binge
"Shorehenge" monument is illegal
Treat surrogate mothers as sex offenders, says Italian minister
German cow on trial for alleged murder put back to search for new evidence
Mayor of Cologne says women should adopt a "code of conduct" to prevent future attacks following sexual assaults on New Year's eve
California anti-drug officer caught with 247 pounds of marijuana in Pennsylvania
Israeli journalist stabbed while reporting on knife-proof vests
Student falls to death from condo roof deck while taking selfie
Theory Suggests Australian Accent Developed Over Drinks
Women are doing better in the Star Wars galaxy than in this one
Bison struck by lightning is doing fine, looks like a zombie.
Tired Gay succumbs to Dix in 200 meters | Reuters
10,000 people are watching this puddle on Periscope
Browns hire Mets' Paul DePodesta as chief strategy officer
Man Asks Judge to Delay Sex Crime Sentencing to Save Military Pension
Oregon protester Ammon Bundy compared himself to Rosa Parks
A live stream of a puddle is breaking the internet
9-YEAR-OLD ARRESTED, ACCUSED OF MAKING TERROR THREAT AGAINST NY SCHOOL
Thousand of people tune in to watch a livestream of a puddle in Newcastle
Florida man who wanted to 'time travel by entering time portal' crashes car through a strip mall
Louisville woman accused of assaulting, robbing disabled man after he jokes that he doesn't believe in God
Black pudding recalled in Lancashire over health risk
Thousands of people tune in to watch a livestream of a puddle in Newcastle
Cleveland Browns hire analytics expert Paul DePodesta of 'Moneyball' fame as chief strategy officer
Samsung's dilemma: How to future proof a fridge
Roommate assaulted for getting up 'too early to shower'
Thousands captivated by footage of a puddle in Newcastle
Kentucky man charged with stealing animals, offering to return them in exchange for sex
Fox News Host: Obama Used Raw Onion So He Could Cry When Talking About 1st Grade Kids Killed By Guns
Netflix And Chew: How Binge Watching Affects Our Eating Habits
Fat squirrels taking over Britain's parks due to mild winter temperatures
British Parliament to debate banning Donald Trump
China: Company makes women 'apply' to have children
Serial Spitter Targets Passersby In Prospect Lefferts Gardens, Brooklyn
Police nab suspected Brighton 'Tree Ninja'
Israeli reporter stabbed while demonstrating protective vest
Bond between horse and mounted officer goes deep
Dozens of people shot each other on the day Obama announced new gun restrictions
Ads could soon target unborn babies thanks to Babypod vagina speaker
Celeb Mike Rowe: "I am not the bank robber"
Florence police confirm hot dogs wrapped in aluminum foil found inside suspicious bags
Kim Jong-un defies gravity with new haircut
Like human, like puppy: Texas man with blind eye adopts one-eyed puppy
Iraq offers to mediate Saudis and Iran
Professor backs campaign to name new heavy metal element after Motorhead's Lemmy
Hasbro claims it dropped Rey in Star Wars Monopoly to avoid spoilers
Thousands are watching a livestream of a puddle in Newcastle
Certified kosher marijuana to hit shelves next month
Kosher marijuana coming soon
Hillary Clinton vows to get to the bottom of mysteries surrounding UFOs, aliens
UK Government Spends Three Years And Large Sums Of Money To Avoid Revealing The Number '13'
UW bike thefts on the rise, owners urged to get better locks
A female journalist is complaining that Jaden Smith is hurting Trans people's identity by being gender neutral
News crew robbed while attending anti-robbery press conference
UPS Workers Terrorize Staff at Nearby 7-11 by Demanding Free Food: Police
IT HAPPENED TO ME: My First Yoga Class Was a Queefing Disaster
North Korea Claims It Tested Hydrogen Bomb but Is Doubted
ABC7 News crew car broken into while attending anti-robbery press conference in D.C.
Obama Continues to Stubbornly Link Gun Violence with Guns
Time-traveling bong TV series finally ordered
Roommate assaulted for getting up 'too early to shower,' Toronto police say
Cat cafe temporarily closes due to lack of cats
ABC7 News car broken into while crew attends anti-robbery press conference in D.C.
PETA to deliver vegan snacks to Oregon militia
Genderfluid female lion has a mane, acts and roars like a male
News Crew Robbed at Anti-Robbery Conference
Jennifer Lawrence Is Our Mole-iest Sex Symbol of All Time
ABC7 News car broken into while crew was attending anti-robbery press conference in D.C.
SEE IT: TSA agents frisk girl after finding Capri Sun juice pouch in carry-on luggage
Jeb Bush carries toy turtles in his pocket to remind people that 'slow and steady wins the race'
Medical Student Conducts History & Physical with Spanish-speaking Patient Using Only the Word "Dolor"
NRA tweets image with bullets next to pictures of Brooklyn lawmakers who announced state ammo limit bill
Man convicted of having sex with 450 tractors is legally banned from going within 1 mile of a farm.
Amazon customer complains, finds 10-inch dildo in his shopping basket
News Van Robbed While Reporters Covered Mayor's Announcement Of Robbery Task Force
In Soviet Russia, tiger and goat are buddies.
Customer complains that woman having a heart attack ruined her NYE dinner
Israeli TV Reporter Gets Stabbed While testing Protective Vest
The Ridiculous Six is already Netflix's most-watched movie ever
This is what would happen if North Korea dropped a hydrogen bomb on Bristol
Lightning Bolt Kills Man, Selfie Stick To Blame
Two Lads Die After Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane In The Background
New England Patriots Mascot Nabbed in Prostitution Sting
This goat was supposed to be a Siberian tiger's dinner. Now they are best friends, and it is charming Russia.
If England fail at the Euros 'we'll all shoot ourselves' - FA chairman Dyke
News crew says truck was broken into while covering anti-robbery news conference
amiibo as butt plugs, ranked
First Response unveils Bluetooth pregnancy test
Cat café forced to close because there are no cats right meow
Ann Arbor Does not Exist According To San Juan Researcher
Black pudding hailed as a 'superfood'
Vietnam: Officials probe mysterious 'space balls'
Enraged Birders To Retake Oregon Wildlife Refuge In Dawn Offensive
Man In Rapid City SD Gets Arrested 77 Times In Eight Years
Mike Rowe of 'Dirty Jobs' provides alibi after lookalike robs bank
Man arrested for posing as policeman to stop his dad hiring prostitutes
Police: Rapid City Man Arrested 77 Times In 8 Years
Mother of Tamir Rice: 'It's quite sad' LeBron hasn't addressed son's death
Tamir Rice's mother is 'quite sad' LeBron James hasn't spoke out about her son's death
Syrian Terror Commander Caught On Video Having Sex With His Granddaughter +video
'Driving while Gay'? Proposal would have Missouri cops try to gather that info, too
German carpenter invents on-off contraception switch for sperm
Tamir Rice's Mother Comments on LeBron James Not Giving Statement on Son's Death
Lois Colley Murder Investigation Reveals a Black Market in Hay
Israeli reporter in stab-proof vest stabbed
Google Translate 'technical error' labels Russia as evil kingdom of 'Mordor'
'Where White People Meet' Founder Says Site 'Is Not Racially Motivated'
9-year-old charged with making terroristic threat to local school
Firefighters Battle House Fire on Burnt House Hill Road in Plumstead Township
Where to Date a Bored, Racist White Guy
Who is to blame for Donald Trump? Obama, the media, Jeb Bush, FDR and the Buffalo Bills.
Alabama bomb squad opens suspicious bags full of hot dogs
The Surreal Story of StubHub Screwing Over a Kobe Fan
Dollar Express banned from selling mouthwash to drunks and kids.
Pizza Hut Just Unveiled a Clothing Line Called Hut Swag. Yes, Hut Swag
Oregon Militants' Pasts Collide With Vows Of Peaceful Resolve Leader Ammon Bundy says the militants with him in Oregon are not about "fear or force or intimidation." His members have burned bacon-wrapped Qurans and threatened to shoot Hillary Clinton in the vagina
Decemberists singer's #BundyEroticFanFic taunts Oregon militants
Tyga Swears He Only Wanted To Take Advantage Of 14-Year-Old Financially
A man sold love potions and tarot card readings on eBay for beer money.
Parents struggle to make kids bundle up in winter
In Lois Colley Murder Investigation, 2 Are Accused of Stealing Hay From Farm
Man buried alive in corn recounts story at Ridgetown farmers' conference
Warning from the Birding Community to the Terrorists in Oregon: We're Watching You
Surrogacy is like sex crime - Italian minister Alfano
A judge used Taylor Swift song puns to dismiss a copyright case against Taylor Swift
A college kid sold love potions and tarot card readings for months on eBay for beer money.
Drummond puddle watch: Thousands watch live stream of puddle in Newcastle
Israeli reporter testing stab-proof vest stabbed
Drummond Puddle Watch: Thousands watch livestream of puddle in Newcastle
Dolce & Gabbana Reveal New Luxury Hijab, Abaya Collection
$12 Love Spells and 99-Cent Tarot Readings: My Stint as an eBay Fortuneteller
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Thinks Young Women Are Complacent
Sen. Mike Lee compares fixing broken government to cutting a mullet
Israeli reporter stabbed while demonstrating stab-proof vest.
Officials: Broken toothbrush, luggage mishap at Disney resort led to tourist's arrest
Worker kidnapped his boss for owed wages, and then partied with him for hours at a strip club.
Carrie Fisher: I did so much cocaine on Star Wars set that even John Belushi told me I had a problem
Man calls cops on self, smokes joint while waiting
NSW Government Threatens To Shut Down Music Festivals Over Drug Use
Lakers 'fan' changes into Warriors jersey mid-game in Los Angeles
Dana Larsen, pot activist, sends weed to Liberal MPs in legalization push
PornHub is trying to raise $3.4 million to shoot a sex tape in space
Trump, who suggested restricting the travel of Muslims, has said the plan to ban him from the UK would set a "dangerous precedent" if it restricted his travel and would alienate millions of US citizens.
London cop suing after she was arrested for leaving baby in NYC hotel room, child was placed in care of woman who played 'porno bingo' at club
Dallas man arrested for breaking into homes, and tickling Buttholes
Amazon is now delivering cow poop cakes in India
Monkey selfie case: judge rules animal cannot own his photo copyright
Melbourne man faces stiff opposition to penis signature
Watching the news with the wife. Then she loads up Mr. Show's "The Independent Nations' Games" and says, "This one reminded me of Oregon!"
Massapequa Patch: Long Island Priest Had Crack Cocaine in Motel Room: Police
Google apologises after labelling Russia 'Mordor'
B.C. cat cafe temporarily closes after running out of cats
B.C. town offline since November living like it's 1990
McCain: Cruz's presidential eligibility a "legitimate question"
Man wages five year legal battle to keep dick drawing as his signature
Monkey doesn't own copyright to selfies, judge rules
Drunken construction worker who kidnapped his boss then partied with him at strip club gets three years
A thank you letter to candles
Judge Rules Monkey Cannot Own Selfie Photos Copyright
Melbourne man faces stiff opposition from government regarding his signature
Why There's No Sign Of Law Enforcement At Site Of Oregon Takeover
'For the sake of science': Researchers taste 125-year-old beer
Adam Sandler's 'The Ridiculous Six' breaks Netflix record as Most Watched Film Ever
Rob Ford lights up Twitter with burns on CityNews, The Leafs and Kanye
Israeli TV reporter stabbed demonstrating 'knife-proof' vest
Tomorrowland To Host Pre Recorded Mix Only Stage
One Militia Man Says He Prefers Death To Prison, But Really Just Wants To Go Home
Flats in old madras road
Judge: Monkey Cannot Own Selfie Photos Copyright
Chinese drone maker unveils human-carrying drone
Cat Café Temporarily Closes Because the Cats Were Adopted
Sobering $1,114.71 on New Year's Eve a Wake-Up Call, Customer Says
Reddit published some of its best AMAs in a book
Man punches veteran for refusing to let daughter pet service dog
Israeli TV reporter stabbed & injured in knife-proof vest trial
Acclaimed finance guru racks up Dh300,000 debt
Rio Olympic stadium has no water or electricity because of unpaid bills
A puddle has captured the imagination of the British people
Saudi-led coalition bombs center for blind people in Yemen
3-month-old methane leak in Southern California now a state of emergency
Depression and anxiety in women linked to male-female pay gap
ABC7 News car broken into while crew was attending anti-robbery press conference in D.C. | News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News
Couple rents out extra bedrooms on Airbnb - turns into a cocaine-fuelled sex party.
Judge says monkey cannot own copyright to famous selfies
Airbnb renters give Montreal couple wedding night surprise
Israeli reporter accidentally stabbed while demonstrating 'stab-proof' vest
Former student sues Utah school district for failing to protect him from sex predator ex-teacher
Israeli television reporter stabbed while testing 'knife-proof' vest
Pornhub is crowdfunding $3.4M to explore the final frontier
Court rules monkey cannot own selfie copyright
Monkey who took selfie can not own copyright to the photo, judge rules
Couple gets engaged at Walmart, steals sex toys at mall, police say
Dolce & Gabbana launch a collection of hijabs and abayas
Pirate discovered beneath school playground
VINYL AND STREAMING SERVICES KEPT THE MUSIC INDUSTRY AFLOAT IN 2015
Pornhub To Plant Over 15,000 Trees To Celebrate Environment, Dicks
10-year-old girl gets a two-minute TSA patdown...over a Capri Sun drink | 93.1 WIBC
Turkish police find factory making fake lifejackets in Izmir
Google translated Russia to 'Mordor' in 'automated' error
Dolce and Gabbana Launches Line of Hijabs and Abayas
Google translates Russia to 'Mordor' and minister's name to 'sad little horse'
Federal Judge Rules Monkey Cannot Own Copyright to Viral Selfie
Frozen poop falls from plane and hurts woman in Madhya Pradesh
Monkey selfie: Court rules macaque cannot own photo copyright, PETA says case 'exposes hypocrisy'
China's official Star Wars: The Force Awakens song is a preposterous EDM banger
Hello Kitty toothbrush complaint leads to brawl at Disney resort
The UN library announced its most-checked-out book of 2015. It's kind of disturbing.
How To Spot A Spiritual Sexual Predator
"Zeno Effect" Verified: Atoms Won't Move When They're Being Watched
South Korea to Inflict K-Pop Blasts on Kim Jong Un for Nuke Test
NY Priest With Beheaded Sister Arrested on Crack Charges
A Reporter Got Stabbed While Testing a Stab-Proof Vest
Israeli reporter accidentally stabbed while testing stab-proof vest
R2-D2 Moving Refrigerator detained on CES show floor due to immigration dispute
Pharma jackass tried to impress Tinder date with $120 cup of tea
Foetuses offered vaginal music streaming service
Marco Rubio's Shiny Boots Stir Up the Presidential Race
Couple gets engaged at Walmart, steals sex toys at mall.
Muslims Riot After Hindu Leader Calls Mohammed Gay
Reporter Is Stabbed While Demonstrating 'Stab-Proof' Vest
Reporter stabbed while testing protective vest
Judge rules on whether monkey can own selfie photos copyright
World's Worst Pizza Delivery Driver Shows Up 90 Minutes Late, Stabs Customer
Stink from the blue: Plane poop hurts woman on ground - Times of India
Missouri bill defines sex between lobbyists, lawmakers as a gift
Terrified student claims creepy stalker has left dozens of decapitated rubber ducks in her room.
Stolen Valor: The Militiaman Bodyguard of Ranchers Cliven and Ammon Bundy is Falsely Posing as a US Marine Who Served in Afghanistan and Iraq
What a way to celebrate an engagement
Legal high addict from Milford Haven thought BBC Radio 1 DJ and X Factor host Nick Grimshaw wanted sex with ghost of his ex girlfriend
Edison cop fired after 'lingerie episode' will get his job back, judge rules
Man admits to drugging date he met on gay dating app, stealing lifetime supply of brown sauce
Judge rules on whether monkey owns rights to famous "monkey selfie" photographs.
The Oregon 'Militia' Is About To Be Taken Down...By Birders
Man turns violent when girlfriend prefers waffles over pancakes.
'Name new heavy metal element after Motörhead's Lemmy,' says physics professor
Federal Judge Says Monkey Can't Own Copyright To His Selfie
Wayward wieners prompt security alert at post office
Woman interrogates mouse by tying its hands and legs up to a bottle
WEATHER ALERT: Winter Weather Advisory starts at 5 p.m. for Denver area, snow to start soon (Latest Forecast) Greyhound Driver Stops At Motel To Rest With Bus Full Of Passengers
They just wanted to destroy something beautiful...
Greyhound Driver Stops At Motel To Rest With Bus Full Of Passengers
Why this NBA player installed a working espresso machine in his locker
Black Pudding gains 'superfood' status
Ouch! TV reporter tests stab-proof material, gets stabbed
Man demonstrates stab-proof vest on Live TV, gets stabbed
Monkey Cannot Own Copyright To Viral Selfie, Says Federal Judge
Father And Son Dress In Drag, Rob Convenience Store
Reporter testing stab-proof material gets stabbed
Monkey Can't Own Copyright To His Selfie, Federal Judge Says
Montana Food Bank Uses Roadkill to Supplement Meals
The Year in Weird New Frogs
Google Cardboard saves baby's life
Teenage boy died from excessive deodorant use, inquest finds
Boy who 'wanted to smell good' killed by deodorant
City executive delayed suicide so wife could claim life insurance
Wisconsin Sheriffs office hires convicted murderer
Native tribe blasts Oregon takeover
Wisconsin sheriff hires convicted murderer
Oklahoma Jackpot Winner Dies After Gold Plating His Testicles
Man Arrested In Food Court For Stealing Sex Toys Had Just Gotten Engaged At Walmart
Man turns himself in, tells police he was involved in lighting up "Roman candle mini-gun" over lake
City boss delays suicide for year so wife can get life insurance | News
Israeli gay couple discovers surrogate baby is not their child
Man kidnaps boss and takes him to a strip club
Lotto couple refused benefits after spending all their winnings
Cleveland man sentenced for stealing Sour Patch Kids Candy at gunpoint in Akron
California man ranting about Obama's gun action opens fire on apartments before cops shoot him dead
Carson asks schoolchildren to point to dumbest kid in class
man chooses not to spend powerball winnings on a charitable cause
Poop falls from plane, woman on ground injured in MP
Sex with lobbyists now a reportable gift
Reporter Testing Knife Proof Vest Gets Stabbed.
The party-loving mayor who went on the run
Feces-slinging suspect threatens to kill judge at arraignment
India woman injured by suspected human waste from airplane bathroom
Scientists Think Dinosaurs Danced to Impress Lovers, Terrorise Foes
North Texas grandmother gives birth to granddaughter.
Man tries to convince cops he is growing potatoes in his closet.
Canada Cat-astrophe! Cat cafe temporarily closes after running out of cats
Birmingham teenage girl thrown off bus for 'too much makeup'
Bristol wizard who called himself Merlin jailed for racial abuse
TV reporter tests stab-proof material, gets stabbed.
Teen dies from using too much deodorant
PETA makes its first delivery of food supplies to Bundy militia in effort convert the men camped out in the hut to veganism.
Gesundheit! Courtroom Sneeze Lands Woman in Jail
Putin-Inspired Perfume on Sale in Moscow
Dad takes gun to hospital, saves son's life
Here Are 62 Photos of a Big Dumb Empty Building in Afghanistan That Was Never Used and Cost $25 Million
Monkey Cannot Own Copyright to Her Famous Selfies
Peta delivered vegan snacks to the hungry Oregon 'terrorists'
Watch this gorilla use sign language to warn humans about their impact on the earth.
Koko the gorilla is the voice of Nature at COP21
Bug eyes: Tiny 3-D glasses confirm insect 3-D vision
A warlock in Mexico has predicted that Donald Trump will not be the 45th president of America.
Fans launch petition to bring George Lucas back to Direct Episode 9
Vikings tell fans to keep their shirts on as frigid game temps loom
Australian Guy Fights for Right to use Penis Doodle as Driver's License Signature
Malawi: Prophet Bushiri Acquires Third Jet
Denver Nuggets "White Pride" Hat Provides A Valuable Lesson In Phrasing
Woman beats disabled man with his own cane for saying he doesn't believe in God: police
Jamie Whyte defends 'self-plagiarism' claim
Rare Hermaphrodite Dog Turns Up At Detroit Animal Control
Roadkill feeds Montana homeless
Monkey Cannot Own Rights to His Selfie, Judge Rules
Lobbyist-to-be criticizes Michigan lobbying laws
Vancouver cat café runs into a problem: It has no more cats
Texas Woman, 53, Gives Birth -- To Granddaughter
Takarazuka, Japan's all-woman theater troupe, is producing a musical about Abe Lincoln
Desecration of Graves Sanctioned by Wisconsin Assembly Bill
Man sentenced for stabbing neighbor with pitchfork over alleged meat theft
Oh God, DC Comics, People From Pakistan Don't Speak "Pakistanian"
Tearful militant discovers friend drank away donation money: 'It's like finding out there is no such thing as Santa'
Couple gets engaged in Michigan Walmart store, later busted in sex toy theft
Slow and steady wins the race? Sixth-place candidate Jeb Bush keeps toy turtles in his pocket to give to children along the campaign trail
Each year, hundreds of desperate patients seek relief from extreme pain in Montana's retired uranium mines.
Woman who showed co-worker a nude photo of her son's rape victim sentenced to 7 days in jail, 5 years of supervision
5 Open Questions About the Science In 'Star Wars'
Jeb Bush, the 'joyful tortoise,' gives out tiny toy turtles on trail
Philadelphia Named Top Family Vacation Destination in U.S.
Philly Named Top Family Vacation Destination in U.S.
Razor says its hoverboards won't explode
Frozen Poop Falling From Plane Injures Woman In India
Morale at Oregon Standoff Collapses After Militia Member Goes AWOL, Drinks Away Donation Money
لحظة وفاة الفنان ممدوح عبد العليم فى صالة الجيم وسقوطه ارضا
Reporter stabbed while testing 'knife-proof' vest
Man turns his decades-worth of fingernail clippings into paperweights
Decemberists singer tweets erotic fanfiction about Oregon militia standoff
Stab-proof vest demonstration goes wrong
Maine governor: Drug traffickers are guys named 'D-Money' who 'impregnate young, white girl[s]'
TV reporter stabbed while testing 'knife-proof' vest
London weather: Motorists plough through huge puddle near Hyde Park
You can now buy a Bluetooth pregnancy test
Officers decline arrested man's offer to pull over, fight him, police say
Sheboygan County sheriff defends hiring of convicted killer
PETA sends cattle-farmers in Oregon militia vegan jerky and chili in hopes they will adopt a vegan life
Maine Governor: Drug Dealers Impregnate 'Young White' Girls
Airbnb customers discover holiday house is really a drug lab after armed police kick down the door
Drug dealers impregnate 'young white' girls, Maine governor says
How About Some Oregon Militia Homoerotic Fan Fiction?
Trouble in Oregon as one member of Y'all Qaeda went AWOL and allegedly drank away their donations
Why there are still no joint accounts at Denver's pot-friendly credit union
Maine Governor Says Drug Traffickers Come, Sell Drugs, and "Impregnate a Young, White Girl"
Maine Governor Blames Heroin Epidemic on Men "Named D-Money" Who Deal Drugs and "Impregnate a Young White Girl"
Maine governor blames heroin epidemic on men named 'D-Money,' claims his theory has nothing to do with race
Woman annoyed by deer ringing her doorbell
Babypod: Musical tampon lets pregnant women play songs to their foetus
Mo. bill defines sex between lobbyists, lawmakers as 'gifts'
Unidentified space balls that landed in Vietnam investigated
Snoop Doogs urine test came back with the result "highest level measurable".
U.S. Marshals Raid Hoverboard Booth at CES
Saskatchewan premier tells 115 inmates refusing to eat how to avoid prison food - don't go to jail
43-year-old Plans to Lose Virginity With His Pump-Up Penis
Maine Gov: Out-of-state drug dealers often 'impregnate a young white girl'
800+ sex offenders live in one Tampa neighborhood
Brazen burglar steals security camera after realizing he's being filmed
Trump: I will get rid of gun free zones in schools on day one in office.
Selfie-taking monkey has no copyright protections, judge rules
Poop falls from plane causing a woman on ground injured in India
Ammon Bundy took out $530,000 federal loan
Navy looks to remove 'man' from all job titles
Dummy Hellfire missile mistakenly shipped to Cuba
Woman who believes she's a bike halts CTA bus
Danny Amendola's Neighbors Think His Carport Is Ugly, Wish He Was Tom Brady
American Sniper Widow Tells Obama 'We Can't Outlaw Murder'
Black Shirt Jewish Neo Nazis
Furniture dispute puts SPD Captain on paid leave
Exclusive: House Republicans recruited Dr. Ben Carson for Speaker
Queenstown burglar steals security camera after realizing he's being filmed
Noisy masturbator rubbed woman the wrong way, cops say
Lobbyists would have to publicly disclose sex with politicians under new Missouri bill
Sex between lobbyists, lawmakers would be 'gift' under measure
Trump tells security to take protesters' coats: 'Throw them out into the cold'
In a restraining order filed in Florida against Ronda Rousey, the plaintiff alleges that "Rousey is a man who had penis enlargement, bought steroids from Barry Bonds, had a sex tape with Jon Jones, and that "Ron Rousey" was named after his real father, Ron Jeremy."
Alberta NDP defies voters by continuing to govern as if it won the election that put it in power: political scientist
This Is Her Face. This Is Her Face In Bread. Any Questions?
Californian charged with anti-Muslim attack pleads not guilty
BYU student injured in bounce house thanks doctors who saved him
Man dead after being hit by falling arcade game in Quebec City
Sharing a Cab, and My Toes
'Killer' cow trial on hold
How I lost my confidence when I lost my face
California businessman pushes ballot measure for NASCAR-style disclosure
An Australia man is in a legal battle with authorities to allow him to sign his name as a drawing of a penis.
US Hellfire missile wrongly shipped to Cuba
Paypal froze our funds, then offered us a business loan
17000 kids waste toothbrushes. And make a Guinness world record. They also brushed their teeth.
Hair Style 2016 | Hair Style-Short Hair | Hairstyles For Girls | Heatless Hairstyles
Gamuda Gardens - tổ ấm lý tưởng cho gia đình trẻ thành đạt
Iran Has Banned Its Citizens from Making Pilgrimages to Mecca
US Hellfire missile mistakenly shipped to Cuba
Man Charged With Threatening to Kill Justin Trudeau Says He's a Secret Hillary Clinton Agent
Khám phá những thắng cảnh đẹp khi du lịch ở Phú Quốc
Thai beauty ad: 'Just being white, you will win'
Seoul delivers barrage of K-pop across border to North Korea
Tiny 3D glasses confirm 3D bug vision
IAS Officer Blows A Conch Shell At Indian Science Congress, Claims It Can Turn White Hair Black
Drug lab raid ruins Australian family's Airbnb holiday
Classy couple celebrates Walmart engagement by stealing sex toys
8,500 kilos of Dutch cheese was stolen from dairy farms last year
Wayne Co. man charged with stealing animals and offering to return them in exchange for sex
Father tricks his wife into naming their daughter after his favourite football team - and it took her two years to figure out why he chose to name the child 'Lanesra'
China hospital bulldozed with patients inside, morgue buried
The Israeli Army Unit That Recruits Teens With Autism
This 28-Year-Old Startup Founder's Life Hack: Don't Waste Time Dating
Reporter stabbed while demonstrating protective vest
Islamic State militant executes his own mother
Thai cosmetics company pulls ad showing actress in blackface
Islamic State militant 'executes own mother'
Check out these Burberry outfits on these gentleman who is a big fan of matching outfits...:-)
A PORN STAR CRASHED HER CAR INTO HER BIGGEST FAN
Snoop Dogg's drug test positive - not prosecuted
Why is human waste falling from India's skies?
A Swedish amateur jockey has defended her decision to eat her competition horse.
Texas Woman Carries Daughter's Baby, Gives Birth To Grandchild
Ted Cruz tells a young immigrant brought to the U.S. as a kid why he would deport people like her-and the room applauds
Couple Accused In Sex Toy Theft After Getting Engaged At Walmart
49ers fan wants to win lottery for 'hookers and cocaine'
'Mega Mao' no more as ridiculed golden statue destroyed
Arrested an american couple who lives with their dead son from a month ago.
Arrested an american couple who lives with his dead son from a month ago.
Howell woman faces fines for nursing baby squirrels
TEXAS GRANDMOTHER ACTS AS SURROGATE, GIVES BIRTH TO GRANDDAUGHTER
Dolce & Gabbana launches luxury hijab collection
Missouri lawmaker: Sex with lobbyists is a 'gift'
Long Island priest busted buying crack in motel parking lot, tells cops he started smoking drug after sister was decapitated
Oregon militiamen turn on each other as member blows group's donations on booze at a bar
NEWS FLASH Security around Army, Navy, Air Force installations strengthened; Defence Minister seeks report on country's airbase security US Hellfire Missile Disappears, Turns Up In Cuba: Reports
London takes just one week to breach annual air pollution limits
Victoriaville baby seriously burned after child seat placed on stovetop
Dem Feels! A little boy gets a new puppy.
Trump enthralls his handpicked audience
Sheriff - "Is your drug dealing competition costing you money? We offer a free service to help you eliminate your drug competition; report your competition to us!
Dr. Michael Burry - The Big Short's Biggest Jerk
Police called to McDonald's after staff FAT SHAMED teen girl who ordered six cheeseburgers
Would-be thief leaves finger tip behind at south Nashville business
Houston Woman Accused of Fatally Choking Dog with Parakeet
Eastbourne mum fuming after staff at McDonalds allegedly 'fat-shamed' her daughter - for buying SIX cheeseburgers
Oslo, Norway: 100% of rapes committed by 'non european immigrants' (muslims)
Scientists gave praying mantises tiny 3D glasses to test their depth perception
Maine gov. accused drug dealers for impregnated 'young white' girls
Tech firms join Lady Gaga to fight online harassment
Vietnam probes mysterious 'space balls'
Cayuga County Sheriff sends message to drug dealers
Iranians are no longer allowed to make the pilgrimage to Mecca.
Police Fatally Shoot Armed Man Ranting About Obama's Gun Control Policy
John McAfee: 'Morgan Freeman Considering a Presidential Bid for Libertarian Party'
Iranian national goalkeeper Sosha Makani jailed over instagram pictures of him with 2 women that were not wearing a hijab.
Baby seriously burned after car seat placed on stove
Neanderthal sex may explain modern allergies
Nation's first vegan butcher shop to open in Minneapolis Jan. 23
Jacob Zuma sings "Kill the Boer" at ANC Centenery Celebrations in Bloemfontein, South Africa
LePage in spotlight for saying drug dealers impregnate 'white girls'
Man who claimed to be JFK and Marilyn Monroe's child arrested over alleged plot to kidnap Obama's pet dog
Turn Your Vagina Into a Stereo
Petition calling for George Lucas's return to Star Wars fails to take off
Fargo beer pong game turns bloody
Man proposes to girlfriend at Walmart, then gets arrested for stealing edible thong, sex toy
New Implant Can Turn Sperm Off With A Switch
Hillary e-mail instructs aide to transmit classified data without markings
Meat-Eating Dinosaurs Had Dancing Competitions Over Mates
Man Arrested for Plot to Kidnap the Obamas' Dog
RATS RAMPAGE CLOSES SECTION OF HIGHWAY 145
Man Who Claimed He Was Jesus Planned to Kidnap Obama Family's Dog, Secret Service Says
Corey Galandy Sentenced For Kidnapping Boss, Taking Him To Strip Club
Grandmother gives birth to granddaughter
Transgender woman who raped girl before transition sent to male prison
Justin Bieber thrown out of Mexican historical site for 'pulling his pants down and trying to climb a ruin'
Man drove a truck filled with weapons to D.C. to kidnap Obamas' dog, authorities say
Hillary Clinton surprised that State Department employee used personal email
Nova Scotia student designated International Master of Memory - Nova Scotia
Chinese hospital bulldozed with patients and medical staff inside
Afghan boys as young as 10 are being forced to dress up as women before they are handed around groups of middle-aged men for sexual pleasure.
Butte man calls cops to complain he was ripped off in meth deal
Tila Tequila Brings Up Some Really Valid Points About the Earth Being Flat
Golden Mao Statue in China, Nearly Finished, Is Brought Down by Criticism
North Dakota man arrested after saying he planned to abduct Obama Dog Bo
Livestream of UK puddle draws thousands of viewers
Fight Breaks Out Between Arizona Militants In Oregon Standoff
Bill Cosby Wrote a Children's Book Called... 'My Big Lie'
Man arrested after planning to abduct first dog Bo Obama
Guns now allowed in Texas' state-run psychiatric hospitals
Charles Koch complains that he doesn't have enough political power
Anonymous Instagram blogger has amassed tens of thousands of followers for smashing her face into bread
Poll: Republicans Would Rather Actually Be Shot by Gun Than Agree with Obama
This Florida Man's Insane Lawsuit Against Ronda Rousey Is the Most Bizarre Thing You'll Read Today
Angry Birders: Standoff at Oregon Refuge Has Riled a Passionate Group
Volunteers Needed to Cuddle Goats at Nelson Co. Farm
Couple Get Engaged at Walmart, Then Steal Sex Toys: Police | Patch
Jennifer Aniston Is Totally Obsessed With the Taco Cleanse Too
El Chapo said to be captured .
Woman sparks fire trying to unfreeze gas pump with lighter
Old man still got it: 74 year old guys pulls 27 year old, but almost dies.
Mother Claims McDonald's 'Fat Shamed' Daughter Over Six-Burger Order
Danish championship in sled dog racing canceled due to snow
Suspected thief on the runs after diarrhoea medicine stolen from chemist
Scientists put tiny glasses on praying mantis to test insect 3D vision
Judge pens verdict poem re: prisoner who pooped pants and sued
Re-Announcing our Best of 2015 winners, this time with our Mods' Choice winners!
Everything Must Go: South Dakota Ghost Town on Sale for $250,000
Innovator creates hydrogen-powered robot that acts as medical assistant
Heavily pregnant Labour MP 'accused of bringing down womankind' for leaving House of Commons debate to eat
Pope Francis: "Will you have tequila for me in Mexico?"
Praying mantises get fitted with 3D glasses, watch bug movies
German Publishers Still Upset That Google Sends Them Traffic Without Paying Them Too; File Lawsuit
Dutch crime wave sees 8,500 kilos of cheese stolen
Monkey steals man's iPhone, then makes him pay to get it back
As Its CEO Continues To Claim It Doesn't Throttle, T-Mobile Spokesperson Confirms Company Throttles
Man Sentenced for Carving Pentagram Into Son's Back
A town called Whitesboro rethinks its seal showing a white man choking a Native American
Scott Stockert: Man Claims He Is Jesus Christ, Son Of Marilyn Monroe And JFK, Arrested For Plotting To Kidnap Obama's Dog
Cockeysville Senior Bites Would-Be Home Invader
Whitesboro to vote on 'racist' town seal showing white man wrestling Native American
Grandmother gives birth to her own grandchild
North Dakota man accused of plotting to kidnap Obama's dogs
Florida Gun Store Fills Arcade Claw Machine with AR-15 Parts
Michigan man proposes at Wal-Mart, gets arrested for stealing edible thong.
Bay City couple get engaged at Walmart, accused of stealing sex toys
Freeze-dried poop pills being tested for obesity treatment
Man proposes to girlfriend at Walmart, gets arrested for stealing edible thong
Ben Carson asks fifth-graders to single out the 'worst student' in their class, and they did
15-year armed standoff quietly ends outside of Dallas
North Korea hydrogen bomb test: South Korea punishes Kim Jong-un with K-pop
Kid Dies From Using Too Much Body Spray Instead of Showering
Kentucky Woman Bites Husband's Face Over Hilary Duff Argument
Man in truck filled with weapons planned to kidnap the Obamas' dog
China hospital demolished 'with people inside'
Ohio judge uses verse to deny lawsuit
Woman jailed after sneezing on bailiff in court
Gun rights activist cringes at Texas decision to allow guns in psychiatric hospitals
Missing U.S. Missile Shows Up in Cuba
Pensioner, 96, told scooter could be seen as a terrorist threat
Pensioner puts city centre on lockdown by making bomb threats after row about boat insurance
Astoria resident arrested for robbing Sunnyside bank in his wheelchair
Apple feature blamed for $2,000 phone bill, but alert was ignored
St. Cloud State says no more hoverboards for Huskies
Canadians more polite than Americans on Twitter, study says
Injuries soar after Michigan stops requiring motorcycle helmets
Brothel owner Dennis Hof announces state senate bid
Monkey Has No Rights to its Selfie, Federal Judge Says
Whitesboro seal up for village-wide vote
New bus route won't be immune to meteor strikes or Godzilla, Calgary transportation boss admits
Dressed as superheroes, burglars make off with $288,000 worth of weed
Man who claims he is Jesus Christ arrested in plot to kidnap the Obama family's dog Bo
Bacon at Vegas mosque investigated as hate crime
Map Shows Squirrels Are Winning The Cyber War
Man who allegedly went to DC to kidnap Obamas' dog arrested
Unusual: Thousands of people demanded release of "El Chapo"
Details of plan to have 1,500 public service managers replace jail guards revealed
CNN: El Chapo found at BPM Festival
Man tests stab-proof vest, gets stabbed
Reporter Stabbed While Trying On Stab-Proof Vest
Transgender woman spent $108,000 on surgery to look 'perfect'
Secret Service foils plans to kidnap Obama's dogs by man claiming to be Jesus
After Walmart Proposal, Man Stole Sex Toys
Justin Bieber Kicked Out of Mayan Ruins For Pulling His Pants Down
Guns in Texas psychiatric hospitals could harm patients, advocates say
Amber rose is so hot !
For economy czar of crisis-hit Venezuela, inflation 'does not exist'
Justin Bieber tossed for dropping trousers on Mayan ruins in Mexico
Ted Cruz: Voters Should Spank Hillary Clinton Like I Spank My 5-Year-Old
Teenager stunned after mystery stomach pains turn out to be three-stone unborn parasite twin
Paul LePage Insists His Drug Remarks Weren't Racist Because 'Maine Is Essentially All White'
New Study Indicates Existence of Eight Conservative Social Psychologists
Charles Koch: 'You'd Think We Could Have More Influence' on 2016 Race
Charles Koch bemoans lack of influence over 2016 race
Missing U.S. Hellfire Missile Was Mistakenly Sent to Cuba
South Korea to North Korea: KIM JONG UN'S WIFE CARRIES A REALLY EXPENSIVE PURSE!
(VIDEO) Confessed ISIS Sympathizer Shoots Philly Police Officer; Mayor Says the Shooter Is Not ISIS
Man Kills His Date After She, Inspired By Twitter "#WasteHisTime2016" Trend, Wasted His Time
'Plot to kidnap one of Obama's dogs' stopped by police
Meet the Guy Who Says He's Going to Drink Lake Michigan -- All of It
Woman injured after football-sized mass of frozen human waste falls from plane
German publisher can't keep up with demand for Hitler's Mein Kampf
Teen dies after using too much deodorant
মেয়েদের যৌনাঙ্গের লোম পরিস্কার করার ভালো পদ্ধতি
Sorry, grammar nerds. The singular 'they' has been declared Word of the Year.
Tennessee man robs bank in Nashville with Bible.
Police called after man gets 'stuck' in urinal
North Dakota man attempts to steal BO Obama.
Bloody fingertip found in salad at Applebee's in Paso Robles, woman claims
Planned public transit project will not be immune to meteor strikes or Godzilla, transportation manager admits.
Man allegedly assaulted twice after refusing attacker's apology for initial assault
Somali rapist Abdalla Ali Hemed - dubbed a 'danger to the public' - wins human rights challenge against deportation
Mexican drug boss 'El Chapo' sent back to prison he escaped from
Dead drunk: Russian man wakes up in morgue and joins mourners for a vodka at his wake
'You need to be white to win': skin-whitening campaign causes uproar
El Chapo: Mexican Drug Kingpin Captured by Authorities, Sent Back to Prison He Escaped From
The Latest: 'El Chapo' Being Taken to Same Prison He Escaped
Japanese dress in full-body latex suits to escape pressures of modern day life
McDonald's denies 'fat shaming' teenager who ordered six burgers in Sussex
Ted Cruz's Punishment for Hillary Clinton: Spanking
Cockroaches communicate through POO
Mexican kingpin El Chapo will be going to the same prison he escaped from six months ago
Burglars dressed as superheroes steal $288,000 worth of weed
This Psychotic Man Ends Every Text Message With A Period
Pink pencils are pissing people off
Couple Hits Pole Going 85 MPH. She Turns Right to Look Out the Window to See 'Him' Smiling at Her
15 Year Old Cricketer Scores 1009 Runs - Breaks Every Record!
Wife 'bites husband's face' in row over whether Hillary Duff appeared in TV commercial
South West Trains conductor gives impromptu music quiz, briefly brightens day for commuters
Playboy Mansion for SALE on the condition that Hef can live there until he dies.
Police called to McDonald's over claims staff fat-shamed teenage girl for ordering six cheeseburgers
Man disguised as Santa hijacks helicopter and take pilot as hostage.
Speeding Driver Had Good Reason for Not Stopping for Police
North Dakota man drives to Washington to kidnap Obama's dogs.
PlayStation Users Visit Pornhub More Than Xbox, Site Says
She Was Dumped on Her First Tinder Date, Then She Went Extremely Mad
Drug lord 'El Chapo' Being Taken to Same Prison He Escaped
Russian viral video of doctor hitting patient who dies
Texas Allows Open-Carry of Guns in State Psychiatric Hospitals
Man arrested after alleged plot to kidnap US President Barack Obama's dog
Man who allegedly went to D.C. to kidnap Obamas' dog arrested
A lad nearly gets sent down for fingering a girl in the pub with a pool cue.
Ted Cruz spanks his daughter, and Republicans are A-OK with that
Guy has stomach pain, turns out to be parasitic 'twin' with teeth growing inside him
Man is accused in plot to kidnap Obama pet dogs
US military funds research into lab-grown testicles for wounded soldiers
Mount Prospect, IL man plans to drink Lake Michigan
Brooklyn man claims NYPD officers severely injured his testicles
Thief fed 48 bananas to excrete stolen gold chain!
The Seal Of Whitesboro, NY, Depicts A White Man Strangling A Native American
Butte man arrested after calling cops to complain he was ripped off in meth deal.
Woman briefly jailed after sneeze at bailiff
Guns now allowed in Texas' state-run psychiatric hospitals (x-post r/NewsoftheNRA)
B.C. man pays Revenue Canada $10 after 19-year battle
Teen fatally overdoses on deodorant spray
Bionic penis man due to lose virginity next week faces another delay
Woman who served as surrogate gives birth to granddaughter
Drug kingpin 'El Chapo' to return to prison he escaped from, Mexico says
Man tries to kidnap Obama's dog, claims to be Jesus Christ and the son of JFK and Marilyn Monroe
In the UK, doctors can now prescribe e-cigarettes to help you quit smoking
They Met When He Hollered at Her From a Garbage Truck
New York village seal showing founder 'choking' Indian to face vote
Mumbai thief force-fed 48 bananas to excrete stolen gold chain
The Surviving Member of Milli Vanilli Tells KFC About 'Being Real'
A Drunk Justin Bieber Tried to Ruin Ancient Mayan Site, Also Took Off His Pants
Man plans to drink all of Lake Michigan
Man Leaves Behind Bible After Bank Robbery
Walmart proposal kicks off romantic night of sex toy stealing
Tila Tequila goes on bizarre Twitter rant, insists Earth is flat and declares she's immortal
Walmart engagement ends in sex-toy
Judge Mocks Inmate Who Soiled Himself Because Guard Wouldn't Let Him Go To The Bathroom
Chinese hospital partially demolished with doctors, patient still inside
Sugar high: Why Canada's marijuana growers are in a race to make their pot taste delicious
HESPERIA: Man caught with garageful of stolen candy, deputies say
Self-driving cars less likely to crash than conventional vehicles.
What Disney Princesses would look like if they were tardigrades.
Rapper handcuffed in Atlanta bank parking lot. he withdrew $200,000, said the bank accused him of "robbing the bank."
Syrian Refugees Pepper Sprayed at Welcome Party
Schoolboy, 15, screaming 'Allahu Akbar' as he shoots his teacher with BB gun
Texas allows guns into state mental health hospitals
State psychiatric hospitals in Texas now allow guns
Officials: Man claiming to be Jesus wanted to kidnap Obama family dog
Trump pledges no more gun-free school zones. 'My first day, it gets signed.'
Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman Loera captured after reaching out to filmmakers and actors to make a movie about himself
The Texas Butthole Tickling Bandit Has Finally Been Captured By The Police
My Son Won't Stop Jerking Off To The 1988 Film, "Who Framed Roger Rabbit"
Sony tries to trademark Let's Play and pisses off the Internet
N.Y. village seal with founder 'choking' Indian to face vote
Piracy group nearly gives up on cracking Just Cause 3, warns of bleak future
Drug kingpin 'El Chapo' wanted to make biopic; it helps lead to his recapture
Whitesboro residents to vote on controversial village seal
Justin Bieber Kicked Out of Tulum After Climbing Ruins and Pulling Down Pants: Report
North and South Korea at 'brink of war' over K-pop broadcasts
Justin Bieber booted out of Mexican ruins at Tulum
Asked about Benghazi, Cruz talks about spanking daughter
North Korea 'on brink' of World War 3 with South Korea over karaoke
Doctor in Russia kills his patient with a punch for sexually assaulting his nurse
Doctor in Russia kills his patient with one punch for allegedly sexually assaulting his nurse
Altercation between security guard and James Packer at billionaire's own casino
Private halal certification getting canned in Australia
Saudi Arabia is third happiest country in survey which shows downbeat Europe.
2016 Olympics: Bill Guilfoil, 93, to try out for US table tennis team
Toddler found driving Power Wheels on highway
Unlucky man buys winning ticket for MegaMillions, not Powerball
Origins of Islam in China
Detroit man sets part of building and himself on fire while trying to rid apartment of bedbugs.
Teen Dies Of Apparent Overdose On Deodorant Spray
Kenya's middle class discovers that touring their country isn't just for white people
Girl swallows phone to prevent boyfriend from seeing messages. (Portuguese)
Canada Denies Refugee Status to Black Man Who Said He Was Fleeing US Police Brutality
Donald Trump Really Admires the 'Incredible' Way Kim Jong Un Murders His Enemies
Absolutely Fabulous movie cast banned from boozing on set after non-stop partying ''gets out of hand''
Floor Length Lace Embellished Dress - Best Seller Dresses for Long Prom Dresses
Husband Ethan Lester's face bitten by wife, Brandi, over Hilary Duff dispute
Johnny Manziel goes incognito with wig and glasses in Vegas casino night before game
The guy who ate Chipotle for 186 days straight has stopped
The Playboy Mansion is for sale for $200 million, but you can only purchase it if Hugh Hefner gets to stay with you
We spoke with the man who wants to drink all of Lake Michigan.
Australia House's 900-year-old 'holy well' in basement holds water fit to drink
Johnny Manziel goes incognito with blonde wig and glasses in Vegas casino night before game.
The most-checked-out book at the UN library is called "Immunity of Heads of State and State Officials for International Crimes"
Verizon FiOS user's service interrupted by ant infestation
The Playboy Mansion is for sale for $200 million, but you can only purchase it if Hugh Hefner gets to stay with you until he dies
Man arrested in plot to kidnap one of the Obama family dogs
Mohammed Abad, the 43-year-old virgin with a bionic penis, postpones date to lose virginity with London sex worker after getting in another car crash
Playboy Mansion to go on sale on the condition that Hugh Hefner get's to live in your new house until he dies.
A Goat Was Supposed To Be A Siberian Tiger's Dinner: Now They Are Best Friends, And It Is Charming Russia
Playboy Mansion up for sale for $200m, comes with Hefner for housemate, US media says
You Can Now Turn off Your Sperm Flow with the Flip of a Switch
State of Michigan promotes the safety of lead in children's bathwater
Runaway cat found stowing away on luxury boat five weeks after going missing
Toddler Found Driving Motorized Toy Big Rig on Florida Highway
Thousands gather for Elvis festival in Australia
Supporter gives Bush Powerball ticket
Tarantino Leaves 'F**K U' in Cement at Historic Hollywood Landmark
'El Chapo,' Mexican Drug Lord, Sat for Interview With Sean Penn
Worcester mosque holds 'Meet a Muslim Day' to educate public
Adam Zampa knew he had run out Peter Nevill with his nose.
Cher calls for Snyder to be executed by firing squad
Hawaii Dem asks to break Congress dress code for 'Aloha Fridays'
PhD student accuses gays of using Grindr to cheat in exams
Maine, do we need it
El Chapo met with the actor Sean Penn in his jungle hideout for seven hours in October and spoke unapologetically about his empire, movies and Donald Trump in an interview published by Rolling Stone.
TRUMP: You've got to give that 'maniac' in North Korea some credit
Rapper handcuffed in Atlanta bank parking lot
100,000 chairs have been recalled when two people cut their toes off
Donald Trump says Kim Jong Un deserves 'credit' for wiping out rivals
Atlanta Police Detain Rapper Blac Youngsta For Withdrawing $200,000 From The Bank
Sean Penn Sat for Secret Interview With 'El Chapo,' Mexican Drug Lord
Fantastic Furniture to recall 100,000 chairs after two people get toes sliced off
Sean Penn Interviews Mexican Drug Lord El Chapo for Rolling Stone
Man released from jail after 28 years after being convicted of rape after a woman dreamt that he raped her
Man burns apartment, himself while trying to kill bedbugs
For Republicans, Mounting Fears of Lasting Split
Fan reaches out, touches Timofey Mozgov's rear during game
Wouldn't that make him an Imigrant though?
Teen gassed to death in bedroom after using deodorant instead of taking showers
Vatican newspaper says Star Wars: The Force Awakens' villains are not evil enough
Man Vows On Live TV To Spend Powerball Winnings On Hookers And Cocaine
Sean Penn Met With Drug Kingpin 'El Chapo' Before Capture
Sean Penn interviewed El Chapo last October
Reporter Stabbed Testing Knife-Proof Vest
Seoul hits North Korea with barrage of K-Pop
Praying mantises watch movies while wearing tiny 3-D glasses
Texas armed standoff ends after 15 years
Woman escapes drink-driving charge because her body brews alcohol
Using poetry, judge flushes inmate's lawsuit over soiled pants
Trump praises 'maniac' North Korean dictator for consolidating power by slaughtering family members
science It's nоt а Dаtiпg-sitе! This is sеаrch pаrtnеrs fоr SЕХ withоut cоmmitеnt! NО PАYS, NО BULLSНIT!
Girl clicking selfie feared drowned at Bandra Bandstand. A Man, who was trying to rescue the girl, is also missing.
Women can 'grow' their own IVF embryos with in-body incubator
40,000 starving Syrians trapped by Assad regime forced to make soup from grass because they've 'eaten every stray cat and dog in the city' | Middle East | News
40,000 starving Syrians trapped by Assad regime forced to make soup from grass because they've 'eaten every stray cat and dog in the city'
Chris Christie, on the GOP Prez Trail in NH, Will Tweet in State of the State Address
Poop Falls From Plane, Injures Woman On Ground
Dalai Lama calls for dialogue with ISIS.
ISIS urges UK jihadis to cut beards, shun mosques and wear crosses to blend in
Patient dies after being punched by Russian doctor
Canada Denies Refugee Status To Black American Fleeing Police Violence
Black U.S. citizen Kyle Canty denied refugee status in Canada
Yara Khmidan Flashes Their Bikini Bodies In Photoshoot
Police make arrest after video shows student beating
Calgary-born presidential hopeful Ted Cruz faces potentially damning Nickelback accusation
Man trying to destroy bedbugs sets himself, apartments afire
For every person bitten by a shark, 25 get bitten by New Yorkers
Sean Penn LED authorities to El Chapo: Actor under investigation after meeting with world's most wanted drug lord while he was on the run in Mexico - unwittingly guiding officials to his lair
Pretend to be Christians: ISIS urges UK jihadis to cut beards, shun mosques & wear crosses
Town in Italy switches to silent fireworks to reduce anxiety in animals
Russian doctor punches patient, killing him instantly
She Went to a College for a Job, and Found a Husband, Too
Man orders Kindle and receives 'tumour sample' in courier mix-up
Walmart engagement ends in sex-toy arraignment
Horse penis joke 'could have caused war'
Online shopper receives human TUMOUR in post instead of Kindle he ordered
Lợi ích của việc nuôi con bằng sữa mẹ
Order an Amazon Kindle, get a human tumour instead
Guns now allowed in Texas psychiatric hospitals
Tennessee Christians Thank God for Taking the Wheel and Crashing Into a Pole at 85 m.p.h.
North Korea: Propaganda, K-pop barrage pushes us to brink of war
Milli Vanilli singer explains how to keep it real in KFC ad
Rapper handcuffed in Atlanta bank parking lot for withdrawing money from his bank account
Shock, Laughter Greet Plan for Saudi Arabia's Record Oil IPO
Girl says she was called fat by McDonald's staff for ordering six cheeseburgers
Customers fuming as supermarkets demand age ID to sell zero alcohol beer
Area cynic invests in hopeless future and buys domain rights to www.frozen5.com
Horse penis remark 'could have led to war' between Kyrgyzstan and UK
Man charged with stealing thousands of pounds of candy
Scientists baffled by lion with teeth growing out of its forehead
Kylie Jenner 18 years old - Youngest Kardashian
There's a simple way to reduce gun violence: Raise the gun age
Mein Kampf: New edition of Hitler's book sells out in Germany despite €59 price tag
The Oregon Militia's Greatest Foe May Be Birders
'Bikini Barista' Suffers Severe Burns After Coffee Stand Explodes
Man beset by bedbugs sets apartment ablaze
Man forces plane to land due to smelly poop
Oregon militia turns away another armed militia's help
Yuma, Arizona: police say there have been 54 attacks on property with a BB gun in the city
New edition of Hitler's Mein Kampf goes on sale in German bookshops and sells out instantly. (X-Post /r/WorldNews)
Bernie Sanders' Ben and Jerry's flavor: top 10% is chocolate you smash and mix with the 90% below
Brothel owner to run for Nevada Senate seat
Sean Penn took meeting in jungle with 'El Chapo'
Ms. Claus accused of DWI with BAC 3X over limit
A Backyard Fight Club as an Alternative to Gun Violence
New edition of Hitler's Mein Kampf goes on sale in German bookshops and sells out instantly
Monkey cannot own copyright to 'selfie,' U.S. judge says
Sean Penn Met With 'El Chapo,' And It Apparently Led To His Arrest
The Future of Erotica: E-readers That Sync Up With Your Vibrator
Fidel Lopez Pulled Girlfriend's Intestines Through Her Vagina Because She Said Ex-Husband's Name During Sex
Donald Trump praises 'maniac' North Korea dictator Kim Jong-un for strong leadership
Donald Trump praises Kim Jong-un for how he 'wipes out' political opponents
On Benin's voodoo holiday, followers pray and sacrifice for peace
Seal Of Whitesboro, NY, Depicts A White Man Strangling A Native American--Residents to Vote on Whether to Change
Rapist denies wrongdoing at sentencing, blames 10-year-old for initiating sex
Watch Lesbians Touch A Penis For The First Time Because Their Reactions Are Hilarious
Here's What Happens When You Boil an iPhone 6 in Coca-Cola
USA Today: Teen fatally overdoses on deodorant spray
ISIS Chief Abruptly Cancels Meeting with Sean Penn
Lake Michigan Survived But 'Fun Prevailed,' Says Guy Who Tried to Drink It
Trump: Kim Jong Un deserves 'credit' for taking out rivals
George Costanza themed bar to open in Melbourne
Seal Of Whitesboro, NY, Depicts A White Man Strangling A Native American - Residents to vote on whether to change it
Powerball Winner Says He's Cursed
Driver in Shropshire, England crashes after being surprised by sunshine
Woman has surgery to remove catfish embedded in her stomach
Husband talks Hilary Duff argument that left one in jail
Asian Rap's Biggest Fan Is a White Guy from Staten Island
Leader of the opposition tweets David Cameron calling him "a pie".
Rapper 'Blac Youngsta' violently detained by Atlanta police for withdrawing $200K at bank
Fashion's Latest Command: Pajamas for Daytime
A real life story of a weeb : Aminyan
GM Launches Bug Bounty Program, Minus the Bounty
Sean Penn partly responsible for 'El Chapo's Capture
Pizza Hut cooks smoking out of bong
This Cowboy Hat Company Thinks Hipsters Will Save It
Canada "cut in half" as the only bridge connecting the east with the west splits apart. The bridge was opened in late November.
Signs of a mass Extinction behind a shopping centre in New Jersey
Canada "cut in half" as Ontario bridge splits in cold
Adam 'Pacman' Jones on the late hit to the head of Antonio Brown: 'He flopped'
Adam Jones: Antonio Brown flopped on pivotal play that cost Bengals big
Ultrasound scan showing a DUCK next to baby in womb leaves experts 'stumped'
Popularity of Netflix series overwhelms Manitowoc County, Wis., records custodian
Golden Globes will not stream online, NBC says
Trump says he doesn't watch football much anymore because NFL has gone "soft" like the U.S.
Madaya :Ask Someone to Bomb us and Forget About Us
Ben & Jerry's Reveals Bernie Sanders Ice Cream Flavor And It's Genius
Gay actor takes role of gay character in controversial show
Japan Keeps This Defunct Train Station Running for Just One Passenger
Actor Sean Penn's meeting with 'El Chapo' led to drug lord's capture
Ben & Jerry's founder to create 'Bernie's Yearning' flavor in support of Sanders' presidential bid
Matt Damon Wins Best Actor in a Motion Picture, Musical or Comedy
She Went to College for a Job, and Found a Husband, Too
The Martian wins best comedy movie
Massachusetts Senators Will Travel to Colorado to Research Legalized Marijuana
Police investigate broken candy dispenser found on Saginaw River ice
O'Malley stumps at Murph's Tap in Dubuque
Oops. Dude calls cops to complain about his bad pot
The Martian won the Golden Globe for Best Comedy because everything is a lie
Leonardo DiCaprio Wins Best Actor At The 2016 Golden Globe Awards
Desi Aged Mallu aunty Romance With Young Neighbor
The Martian Takes Home Best Comedy Movie at the 2016 Golden Globe Awards
The Martian wins Best Comedy at Golden Globes
Canadian pastor held in North Korea labor camp digs holes alone: CNN
'The Martian' Wins Best Motion Picture, Comedy or Musical
ABC wants Bible series to be like Game of Thrones
Man Arrested For Pissing All Over Video Games In Target Store
David Bowie dies aged 69 after 18-month battle with cancer
David Bowie dead: Singer 'dies after 18-month battle with cancer'
Trump on North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un: 'You Gotta Give Him Credit'
David Bowie dead after 18 month struggle with cancer.
David Bowie dies of cancer at 69
79-Year-Old Bird Watcher Takes Down Oregon Militant With Old High School Wrestling Move
Bristol man orders Kindle ebook reader, but receives tumour sample instead
Japan train plies for one passenger
Indian police force feed 40 bananas to thief who swallowed gold chain
The Martian won the Golden Globe for Best Comedy
Singer David Bowie Dies at 69 After 18-Month Battle with Cancer
Petroleum scientists blame reindeer for mysterious tundra sinkholes
God not giving Malawi sufficient rains because of sexual immorality -Clergy
Deported Scot 'was told horse penis remark could have sparked a war' with Kyrgyzstan and UK
ISIS Advises Terrorists to Wear Aftershave, Trim Beards in 58-Page Terror Handbook
Man called police to report getting "ripped off" in meth deal
Man sends selfie to cops to replace mugshot
Hot house wife bed sharing with her husband friends while her husband in...
From Olympic finalist to Las Vegas escort [slightly NSFW]
sữa mẹ để được bao lâu ở nhiệt độ thường
This baby is the spitting image of legendary British King Arthur
Judge Rules That Monkey Cannot Own Rights to His Own Selfie
Wanted man unhappy with 'Thundercat' mugshot sends selfie to police
Women plunges to death from El Capitán cliff whilst attempting to showcase the safety of base jumping
Donald Trump Comments on Officiating in the NFL - "Donald Trump says NFL referees throw flags to impress their wives watching at home. 'It has become soft, and our country has become soft.'"
Man Sends Selfie To Cops Over 'Terrible' Mugshot
Women attempting to showcase safety of base jumping plunges to death from the top of El Capitán
Patient dies after being punched by doctor in Russia (video)
David Bowie's new song, Blackstar, review: 'Major Tom is dead. Bowie lives'
2 countries have been fighting over an uninhabited island by leaving each other bottles of alcohol for over 3 decades
My terror over Kyrgyzstan horse sausage hate mob who tried to kill me
Texas Governor unveils plan to repeal the 20th Century
Snake thief caught on camera putting python in his pants
Car with kayak on roof is submerged at Richmond Bridge and photographed by a man named "Flood"
PBS: Ted Cruz and His Father Are 'Satanic'
Goodbye Vasectomy, Hello Sperm Switch: Men Can Turn Fertility On And Off With New 'Sperm Switch' Invention
New freeze-dried 'poo pills' could be the answer to obesity
Upstate NY - A town is rethinking its official seal of a white settler strangling a Native American
Wanted man unhappy with mugshot sends selfie to police
Is Ted Cruz Satanic?
Vladimir Putin throwing dudes in Judo sparring session
Playboy Mansion for sale for $200M - Hef included
Major furniture retailer recalls up to 100,000 chairs due to a "potential issue" with its design: slicing people's toes off.
David Bowie dead: Radio presenter announces death of David Cameron by mistake
Playboy Mansion on sale for $200 million - Hef included
Radio presenter announces David Cameron's death instead of David Bowie
Newspaper scolds UK Doctors for taking time off work to go on holiday turns out they were volunteering abroad
'I am missing half my toe': Fantastic Furniture recalls 100,000 chairs after 11-year-old's toe 'sliced off'
'Toe-slicing' chairs: Fantastic Furniture to recall nearly 100,000
Newspaper scolds UK Doctor publicly for taking time off work to go on holiday. Turns out they were volunteering in a hospital abroad
Fox News host: Obama used 'raw onion' to cry during gun control speech
Man with Bionic Penis Gets in Car Crash
Fox News claims Barack Obama used 'raw onion' to make him cry during gun control speech
Moscow Police Investigate 'No Pants Subway Ride' Flashmob
Mountain Lion Found with Unusual Deformity
North Korea overcomes poverty, sanctions with cut-price nukes
Bible that says 'Thou shalt commit adultery' goes on sale
Putin: Human Evolution Under Threat By Big Pharma, GMO, Vaccines
US fugitive sends selfie to police after 'terrible' mugshot'
Bridge partially reopens after break that cut Canada in two
Fiji's PM Tells Lesbians to Move to Iceland
Authorities aren't even sure how many people accidentally got shot at Ohio gun show
Fugitive sends police a selfie because he hates his mugshot
Mark Zuckerberg gets his baby vaccinated. Anti-vaxxers go nuts.
Fetus found in Tim Horton's restroom, Chilliwack BC
Vladimir Putin says he didnt intend to scare dog-phobic Angela Merkel when he brought his Labrador to a meeting
Indian regulator to Facebook: Stop spamming us
Fetus found in washroom of Chilliwack Tim Hortons
Waiter upset after discovering $20 tip was actually a Bible pamphlet
Freeze Dried Poop Pills Tested as Solution for Reversing Obesity
Police: Woman bites off guard's finger after stealing condoms, lubricant from WalMart
Steven Seagal gets Serbian citizenship after offering to start martial arts school
Former Myrtle Beach stripper bites off Wal-Mart employee's fingertip while trying to steal lingerie, condoms, report says
Wisconsin Bans High School Cheers That Taunt Opposition
Guy lists empty Pepsi can on EBay hoping to get $2 million from Martin Shkreli
Jeb Bush Says He Doesn't Care His Favorability Has Plunged Below Zero
Man robs bank armed only with a Bible
Waiter speaks out after discovering $20 tip was actually a Bible pamphlet
New Jersey rejects request for dolphin necropsy results, citing "medical privacy"
Despite Moral Bankruptcy, Martin Shkreli Bailed Himself Out With $45 Million E-Trade Account
Imposing cat returns to supermarket to glare at customers
North Korea Twitter Account Inexplicably Follows Jimmy Dushku, 25-Year-Old Investor From Texas
No One Is Quite Sure Why North Korea's Twitter Account Follows A Random Investor From Texas
Missouri bill proposes sex with lobbyists must be disclosed as a 'gift'
David Cameron confused for David Bowie during radio announcement about his death
Clueless People On Twitter Think David Zowie Is Dead
Thai newspaper mistakes David Bowie for Jon Bon Jovi
AT&T Brings Back Unlimited Data, But Only For Its TV Customers
As tributes flow in, Thairath newspaper mistakes David Bowie for Jon Bon Jovi
Australia Day lamb ad, starring Lee Lin Chin, attracts dozens of complaints from vegans
Father of Koch Brothers helped build Nazi oil refinery that was approved by Adolf Hitler, book says
Man steals snake from Portland pet store by stuffing it down his pants
Mein Kampf Bestseller in Germany Again
'Sex toy bandits' engaged at Walmart start GoFundMe page
Former leader of France's far-right National Front sues Madonna's ex-boyfriend over unflattering selfie
Man Steals Python From Pet Store by Stuffing Snake in Pants
Nebraska Governor won't greet President.
What's Next in Katy Perry's $15 Million War With Two Nuns
Donald Trump ejects man who called him boring
New law in Washington state allows transgender people to use restrooms and locker rooms of the gender they identify with anywhere
Lifestyle | Mon Jan 4, 2016 6:32pm EST Related: ODDLY ENOUGH New fragrance inspired by Putin goes on sale in Russia
Police arrest cross dressing burglar
Asian Male Porn Stars Are Badly Needed In Japan!
Trump hails 'incredible' Kim John-un for 'wiping out' uncle
Upstate New Yorkers will hit the polls Monday to vote on whether to change an off-putting village seal that depicts a white settler strangling a Native American
Trump hails 'incredible' Kim Jong-un for 'wiping out' uncle
An elderly woman, who wanted to be buried, was cremated by mistake.
Rupert Murdoch announces engagement to Jerry Hall (Mick Jagger's ex)
Whitesboro Residents Vote to Keep Seal That Sure Looks a Lot Like a White Guy Choking Out a Native American Man
Monk robbed buying lottery tickets at Philadelphia gas station
Google translate confuses Russia with Mordor
Treating boils- Tips for treating boils
Whitesboro residents vote to keep controversial 'racist' village seal
Thief with python in pants 'lucky it wasn't feeding day'
China's richest man buys 'Godzilla' maker for $3.5 billion
School bans teachers from using the word 'please'
Thief stuffs snake in his pants at US pet store
Two friends are run over and killed after lying in the road to take photographs of planes flying over them by Turkish airport
Man stuffs stolen snake down his pants
Central N.Y. village votes to keep logo criticized as racist
Millions Mourn As Rocker/Activist Ted Nugent, Age 67, Found Alive
Restaurant owner told pregnant woman who found cockroach in her noodles: 'It's a feature of our food'
'Here Is a Better Photo': Ohio Fugitive Unhappy With Photo Released by Police Sends Selfie
Bay Area biologist's gene-editing kit lets do-it-yourselfers play God at the kitchen table
PHILLY SHOOTER: I DID IT FOR ALLAH. PHILLY MAYOR: NO, YOU DIDN'T.
Explosives used on sick beached whales most humane way, say marine experts
Teacher spends night with pupil in hotel room
The office that could save the Earth: NASA sets up planetary defense department to tackle threat of deadly asteroids
Freeze-dried supplements containing human poo are being tested for weight loss
Lee Lin Chin promises to rescue expats from lambless Australia Day in new ad
Bernie Sanders Mercilessly Mocked for Posting 'Economically Illiterate' Tweet
Cops: Shoplifter Bit Off Walmart Worker's Finger
KHNL : Hawaii considering grass huts to help homeless
Man Fights Bedbugs With Fire, It Ends Poorly
Man Sets Himself And Apartment On Fire While Trying To Kill Bedbugs
Detroit Man Trying To Kill Bed Bugs Sets Self, Apartment Building On Fire
Police pull over man suspected of drunken driving - in CAT loader
Hawaii considering grass huts to help homeless
Jungle Raj? 578 murders reported in Bihar in just two months
Thieves dressed in 'Deadpool' costumes steal ATM from Cocoa business
Rapper Blac Youngsta arrested at gunpoint after withdrawing $200,000
Police investigate corpse's missing leg
France's far-right party founder sues dancer over unflattering selfie
Teacher spends night with Year 11 pupil in hotel room after prom
PM's consultant in crude swipe at the archbishop.
Munchie boxes could turn women into men as scientist shows chemicals cause female snails to grow PENISES
Unhappy with his mugshot, fugitive sends police a 'better' selfie
You might have a peanut allergy because your ancestors had sex with neanderthals
Old Coulsdon man delivered David Bowie's milk in summer of '69
Donald Trump praises Kim Jong-un for his firm hand with executed uncle
Wrong kind of sunlight delays Southeastern trains in London
Former KKK grand wizard praises Maine Gov. for exposing 'defilement' of white girls by black men
Indian squash player Ravi Dixit abandons plan to sell kidney
"Hide ya kids" part II
26-Year-Old Hacker Sentenced to Record 334 Years in Prison
DJ Khaled accidentally Snapchats his credit card and loses $80000 in 30 seconds
I run a Silicon Valley startup - but I refuse to own a cellphone
Mumbai police identify 'no selfie zones' after drowning
Central Illinois officials warn drivers of 'suicidal deer'
Thief Stuffs Snake in his Pants at Oregon Pet Store
Whitesboro Residents Vote to Keep the Town's "Racist" Logo
The shining: UK commuters told trains delayed by sunlight
Pathankot attack: 2 'intruders' chased, turned out to be pigs - See more at: http://indianexpress.com/article/india/india-news-india/pathankot-attack-2-intruders-chased-turned-out-to-be-pigs/#sthash.ErWppxKU.dpuf
Pathankot attack: 2 'intruders' chased, turned out to be pigs
Rupert Murdoch announces engagement to Jerry Hall
New US trial to investigate whether human poo-packed pills could lead to weight loss
China's craze for 'aquatic cocaine' is pushing two species into oblivion
Universities offer "Fat Studies" courses to students
Va. Man Sentenced for Fatal Bar Fight Over Redskins, Cowboys
Rupert Murdoch's engagement to Jerry Hall announced in the classifieds section of The Times
An Ohio fugitive sent police a selfie because he didn't like his mug shot
Man called 'white boy' before brutal attack in South Memphis
Can Child Dolls Keep Pedophiles from Offending?
Popular munch box takeaway 'could turn women into men because chemicals cause female snails to grow penises'
A bridge providing the ONLY highway link between Eastern and Western Canada that was closed after splitting in two Sunday afternoon
Deputies Investigate Underage Amish Keg Party
New York village votes to keep logo that shows man choking Native American
Ohio fugitive loathes mugshot, sends selfie to police
People of Whitesboro vote to keep seal that looks like white person choking out a native person
Isis recruit lists job skills on linkedin
Rupert Murdoch and Jerry Hall announce engagement
Two-bit burglar? Pennsylvania man cut basement-wall hole to steal quarters from neighbor, police say
Will Pills Containing Fecal Matter Help Treat Obesity?
N. Korea says test no threat, then threatens to wipe out US
Mumbai police identify 16 no-selfie zones after drowning
Head of school with Croydon's lowest GCSE results says pupils were 'very, very, very weak'
Rail operator Southeastern blames 'bright sunlight' for delays.
Hitler's Mein Kampf sells out instantly after being published in Germany for first time in 70 years
Taiwanese town builds church shaped like a shoe to attract female worshippers
Vermont man uses tractor to flatten 8 police cars
Upstate Village of Whitesboro Votes Overwhelmingly to Keep Logo Criticized as Racist
We Talked to a Witch Who Casts Viruses Out of Computers With Magic
Man robs Dollar General for toilet paper
Taiwanese town builds a church shaped like a high heel to attract female worshippers
Verizon gave this guy Sir Mix-A-Lot's old phone number - and now he gets his raunchy texts
(646) 583-0998 / 6465830998 Telephone Number :: CallStorm
PM insists cutting benifits and social services is consistent with addressing poverty
Train firm Southeastern blames rush hour delays on 'too much sun'
Man Kills Best Friend After Their 'Balls Touch' In Threesome With Stripper
Chicago Area Jail On Lockdown Due To 18% Of Staff Not Showing Up For Work
New Jersey Says Releasing Dolphin's Autopsy Would Infringe Its Privacy
Woman Finds Mutilated WEASEL In Her Asda Salad
Man steals snake, stuffs it down pants
Vladimir Putin denies setting his dog on Angela Merkel
Joe Biden just trolled Hillary Clinton. Big time.
'Midsomer Murders' star apologises for lack of murders in latest episode
Kim Davis to attend State of the Union, but won't say with whom
A wanted man in Ohio wasn't happy with his mugshot - so he offered police a "helpful" hand in the form of a selfie.
Unhappy With 'Terrible' Mugshot, Wanted Man Sends Police a Selfie
More Netflix Users Are Watching This Oscillating Fan Than 'Making A Murderer'
Wanted man sends selfie to police after seeing 'terrible' mugshot on Facebook
Man caught stealing food truck spits at police officer
How many cars and burping cows equal the California gas leak?
"No Selfie" zones established in Mumbai after tourists drown, shoot themselves, and slip down stairs while taking selfies
Bowls Are the New Plates
'Bikini barista' dies after being injured in Washington coffee stand explosion
Sisters awarded €18,000 after being caught up in H&M "robbery simulation" training exercise
Texas Boy Suspended For Bringing Ring Of Power To School
India Mumbai identifies 'no selfie' zones after woman dies
Sisters aged 11 and 6 awarded €18,000 after being caught up in clothes store H&M "robbery simulation" training exercise
Ohio Fugitive Dislikes Mugshot; Sends Police Selfie
Man proposed in Thailand with fireworks containing his dad's and nan's ashes
US fugitive sends selfie to police after 'terrible' mugshot' - BBC News
Girls share €18,000 over staged robbery at clothes store
Ohio wanted man sends 'better' mug shot to police Facebook page
NFL to move all 32 teams to Los Angeles
NYC police boss urges 'buddy system' for women in cabs
Americans Trust Trump Most to Fight War on Christmas; GOP Down on Kwanzaa, Festivus
Vegans upset at discriminatory Australia day advert
Fugitive sends cops selfie because he hates his mugshot.
University Ripped For Pushing Chocolate Milk As Concussion Treatment
A terrifying and hilarious map of squirrel attacks
Alex Ovechkin buys tickets for Powerball jackpot
Fugitive sends police a 'better' mugshot
Ohio fugitive unhappy with mugshot sends police a selfie
E. coli? The Chipotle cult scoffs: 'We're totally willing to throw up a little.'
Balotelli is very nice, but he used to pee on our boots - Kerlon
Wildlife trader who sold rare monkey heads on eBay had stash of animal porn.
Ohio Fugitive Who Didn't Like Mug Shot Sends Selfie to Police
Conservatives press Liberal government to justify Saudi arms deal that they negotiated [x-post/R/Canada]
Fugitive Sends Police Selfie To Replace His Mugshot
Brendan Dassey's half brother fights 'Making A Murderer' conviction with Christian rap song
New York village votes to keep logo showing man choking Native American
Lane Kiffin gets a win with Alabama, but misses the bus afterward
Wisconsin HS students now banned from chanting harmless phrases like 'air ball' and 'scoreboard' at basketball games
Yes, Sexual Preference Based on Race is Racist
Police in San Bernardino unable to find teen who murdered her boyfriend, despite the fact she is openly posting on Facebook about the crime.
CNN turns The State Of The Union into a Wes Anderson movie
New York village votes to keep seal depicting a white settler strangling a Native American
Nigeria parliament 'loses 2016 budget documents'
CNN previews Obama's final State of the Union speech as a Wes Anderson film
New York village to keep seal depicting man choking Native American
Wanted man in Ohio sends 'better' mug shot to police Facebook page
The State of the Union Address as a Wes Anderson film
Mathematicians reveal new way to slice pizza equally.
Jesus Planned To Kidnap One Of The Obama's Dogs
Ohio fugitive sends police a selfie
Harbaugh to Have Sleepover with Nation's No. 1 Kicker
Sports journalism association won't sue Dani Alves for calling press 'fucking trash' after he rectified it to 'just trash'
College student plotted to kill mother to use insurance money to pay for tuition
Virginia GOP Bill Would Require Schools To Verify Children's Genitals Before Using Restroom
Vote for the Crook. It's Important': Edwin Edwards Wants Back in Congress
Miguel Oliveira to serve 15 weekends in jail for hit-and-run that killed cyclist Tom Samson
Man Set Groomsmen's Cars, Homes On Fire After Marriage Failed
Serial spitter: Neighbors say a man is spitting in strangers' faces near Prospect Park
Pandemonium Erupts at NJ Restaurant When Workers Think They Hit Powerball Jackpot
Guy Thrown Out of Donald Trump Rally for Holding a 'Trump Likes Nickelback' Sign
2 Mln Ruble Designer Purse Stolen From Gazprom Cleaner's Car
White Nationalists Urge Support for Donald Trump in Iowa
Village of Whitesboro Votes to Keep Racist Seal Of White Man Strangling Native American Man
Volunteers needed to cuddle baby goats
Toronto Imam: Muslims should hire only Muslims; do business only with Muslims.
Drew Storen Says He Was Doing 'Netflix & Chill' When He Found Out He Was Traded
Man who sent 'better' mugshot photo to police arrested
New York Village Votes to Keep Official Seal Depicting a White Settler Strangling a Native American
Brazilian mask company honors police hero with carnival mask
Fugitive Who Was Displeased With Mug Shot And Sent Selfie To Police Gets Arrested
Gov. Pete Ricketts, busy with his speech, won't meet Obama in Omaha; Stothert will greet president
Pizza thieves flushed out after owner hits back
Howl Hitler: German who taught dog to give Nazi salute with its paw is jailed
Residents in Whitesboro, N.Y., Vote to Keep a Much-Criticized Village Emblem
Police: Wanted man unhappy with mugshot, offers selfie
Russia Says Elon Musk is 'Stepping On Our Toes'
NJ Restaurant Workers Mistakenly Think They Hit Powerball
GOP congressman to leave seat empty at State of the Union for "aborted babies"
Stray Dog Pulls Newborn from Garbage Dump
Idaho Restaurant Offers 15 Percent Discount to Pistol-Packing Patrons
Idaho Restaurant Offers Discount For Gun Owners
Vitally important news: over-65s don't get sarcasm
Congressman unaware he invited Kim Davis to SOTU
Celebrity Big Brother' housemates panic after thinking contestant David Gest had died instead of David Bowie
Vikings tailgater breaks into State Fair police department after Sunday's game, thinks he's in his own home
9 Female Celebs with Brutally Honest Reasons Why They Don't Want Kids
Residents of N.Y. town voted overwhelmingly to keep a village seal showing a white man wrestling a Native American man to the ground
Woman bites off Wal-Mart employee's fingertip while trying to steal lingerie, condoms.
Town Of 'Whitesboro' Votes To Keep Seal Showing Founder Choke Native American
WATCH: An Oregon Miltia Idiot Throws a Tantrum Because People Are Sending Bags of Dicks
Poopmaster 6000 clears downtown Portland sidewalks of crow excrement
Arizona is shaming 'deadbeat' dads on social media
Ohio drunk driving suspect hates mug shot, sends selfie to police
Whitesboro, NY Votes To Keep Seal Depicting White Man Choking Native American
University requires all freshman to wear fitness trackers
Whitesboro, NY mulls changing logo that shows white man choking Native American
Kim Davis To Attend Obama's State Of The Union Address
Man Accused of Killing Cat, Trying to Drink its Blood
Zebra: The New Red Meat
Metallica Drummer Lars Ulrich Successfully Completes Hair Replacement Procedure
Woman who gets a DUI for crashing into hotel, also stole a pizza earlier that day.
Angry Militia Leader: Stop Mailing Us Dildos
Billboard for dating site WhereWhitePeopleMeet.com pulled down after complaints
Intelligence Chief James Clapper's Online Personal Accounts Hacked.
Seattle Man Cursed with the Burden of Having Sir Mix-a-Lot's Old Phone Number
Arizona is shaming "deadbeat" dads on Twitter
Charlie Sheen Temporarily Went Off HIV Medications to Seek Alternative Treatment in Mexico: 'So What? I Was Born Dead'
Family finds sale of their 'Silence of the Lambs' house challenging
Vanilla ISIS Doesn't Appreciate Your Bag Of Dicks
American folk singer hopes peace concert for ISIS will win over terror group
Sale of 'Silence of Lambs' house in Fayette County goes torturously slowly
(NFL Player) Antonio Cromartie Gets Wife Pregnant With Twins Despite Having Vasectomy
Republican Blasts Obama's State Of The Union Speech Before He Even Gives It
Militia Leader Go Berserk Over Mailed-in Dildos and Bags of D*cks
El Chapo's family tried to trademark his likeness for branded merchandise
NFL Player's Wife Is Pregnant With Twins, Despite His Vasectomy
Even a vasectomy can't stop Antonio Cromartie from fathering 11th and 12th kids
6 times Sean Penn inserted himself into world affairs
Man orders Kindle, is shipped tumor instead
Angry Oregon Militia Leader Tells The Internet Trolls To Stop Mailing Them Dildos
Yahoo settles e-mail privacy class-action: $4M for lawyers, $0 for users
Police used us as human shields on Tullamarine Freeway say motorists as investigation begins
Rage Yoga brings taboo to Calgary yogi scene
Workers 'won' $949M Powerball - for 20 minutes
Oregon Militia Leader Goes Berserk Over Mailed-In Dildos
'BLACK SABBATH OF ASIA' RISK FUTURE FOR DEMOCRACY
Doctors Just Performed The First Hand Transplant In Canada
A doctor who's not licensed to practice medicine in the US but is now treating Charlie Sheen's HIV reportedly injected himself with the actor's blood
Sports scientist Stephen Dank denies doping in Essendon scandal
Obama Puts Joe Biden in Charge of Curing Cancer
Degenerate City: Both of the harbor's holes are about to get stuffed with massive erections
Stephen Dank cops life ban from AFL anti-doping tribunal
VA GOP Bill Would Require Inspection of Children's Genitals
Man on 'Devil's Drug' tries to have sex with tree.
Chinese Gaming Billionaire Buys U.S. Gay Dating App Grindr
Oregon Standoff: Group of Occupiers Sent 'Bag of D*cks' in lieu of Supplies
Even Though He Had a Vasectomy Antonio Cromartie Still Gets Wife Pregnant With Twins
Residents of Whitesboro, NY, vote to keep village seal, which appears to show white man choking Native American
Vikings fan mistakenly breaks into state fair police station thinking it was his home
German meals-on-wheels charity served dog food to seniors
Mumbai Police identifies 'no selfie' zones across the city
UFO sighting in P.E.I. backed by national group
MAN ARRESTED IN POLICE STATION PARKING LOT ON DRUG CHARGES
Bikini barista dies from injuries suffered in propane explosion
MLA Australia Day lamb ad faces Ad Standards hearing over vegan violence next week
Whitesboro Votes to Keep Seal That Appears to Show White Man Choking Native American
Residents in Whitesboro, N.Y., Vote to Keep a Much-Criticized Village Emblem: A white man appears to be throttling a Native American man.
State lawmakers considering grass huts to help homeless
18yo Victorian man charged with sexual assault of women in surf blamed rough conditions, court told
Humans could evolve webbed feet if sea levels rise, scientist claims
Man charged with sexual offenses on Gold Coast blames "heavy surf and wind conditions"
Ohio suspect hates mug shot, sends selfie to police
The selfie that could cost $83,000
NY village vote on changing seal depicting white settler 'choking Indian'
Oregon militia leader is really sad: 'Please stop sending us your hate mail'
UK man mail-orders Kindle, gets tumour instead
NABARD Watershed Development Programme In India
Powerball lottery: 28 people were 1 number awayaway from winning the jackpot.
Tories [British ruling party] reject move to ensure rented homes fit for human habitation
Stephen Hawking tells depression sufferers they can 'get out of the black hole'
Tories reject move to ensure rented homes fit for human habitation
Sydney man slapped with $71 fine for riding children's scooter through busy city tunnel
Woman injured by block of frozen poo that fell from a plane
Hiking and Yoga Retreat Malibu
Powerball lottery: 28 people were 1 number away from winning jackpot.
Super dad sperm donor has 800 children and becomes a father once a week
Vikings fans use fire pit to keep beers from freezing
'Strong sunlight' causes train delays in Britain
Walmart marriage proposal celebrated with shoplifting spree
World Economic Forum revokes invite to North Korea for Davos
World Economic Forum revokes invitation to North Korea to attend the annual meeting in Davos
City Sheriff chases after City Major in high stakes pursuit
Portsmouth Mayor leads Sheriff on wild car chase
Australia considers mass herpes release for population control
Private messages at work can be read by employers, says court
Paul Ryan Quietly Doing Seated Ab Exercises Throughout State Of The Union
French minister of interior banned from editing Wikipedia in 2016 for 'repeated vandalism, non collaborative attitude and taking the piss'.
(French) French minister of interior banned from editing Wikipedia in 2016 for 'repeated vandalism, non collaborative attitude and taking the piss'. - Translation in comments
10k run coming to Glasgow with wine replacing water at rest stops
Denmark Considers Seizing Valuables From Migrants
Did Michigan Governor Rick Snyder really say this about Flint residents?
Danish MPs land overwhelming support for bill stripping refugees of cash, valuables for asylum
Pablo Escobar's former Miami Beach home searched
This Mom KNIT a Lifesize Version of Her Tween Son!!
Desperate Liverpool woman launches online fundraising bid to secure a divorce
Central NY village votes to keep logo criticized as racist JAN. 12, 2016 12:13 AM EST
Central NY village votes to keep logo criticized as racist
Heavily pregnant deadly snake found under fridge by Australian woman
Russian Prison Official Suspected of Selling Off Local Road
Virginia GOP Bill Requires That Schools Verify Children's Genitals Before Using Restroom
Whitesboro, N.Y. Residents Vote To Keep Racist Emblem Appearing To Show White Man Choking Native American
How Bailey Reimer's kindergartners came to love testing
Malaysia Law: 'You Can't Defend Yourself From A Robber By Using A Bigger Knife Than His' - The Coverage Bureau
Good Samaritan buys a McDonald's meal for a 'homeless' man she saw eating pots of ketchup - only to find it was an ordinary customer waiting for his order
Highway robbery: Russian official accused of stealing 30-mile road
Irish Legislators to Discuss Petition to Put Conor McGregor's Face on €1 Coin
Man with cartoon vacuum cleaner tattoo on his crotch is starting to regret it
Should Conor McGregor be the face of the €1 coin? Leinster House debate on proposal
Republicans choose guns over cakes for fundraiser
N. Korea says its H-bomb 'capable of wiping out whole US at once'
'No selfie' zones identified by police after woman drowns
Antonio Cromartie still expecting twins after Jets cornerback has vasectomy
Eagan man plowing snow with child on lap is charged with DWI
Ohio fugitive hates his mugshot, sends police a selfie to replace it
Neil deGrasse Tyson calls out Star Wars fans for being 'prickly'
Scientists develop lithium-ion battery that won't burst into flames
Pastor becomes atheist after reading Bible
Anne Coulter to Donald Trump: Deport Gov. Nikki Haley
Death crash was caused by sneeze after driver was covered in pepper
Cards Against Humanity directs complaints to Mexican Embassy
Unhappy with police department's photos, fugitive sends 'better' selfie
Neil deGrasse Tyson: Star Wars Fans Are "Prickly"
Someone Sent The Oregon Militants An Actual Bag Of D*cks
Restaurants Counter Outside Cakes With Cakeage Fees
Ann Coulter to Donald Trump: Deport Gov. Nikki Haley
The Grape Scottish Run: 10k run coming to Glasgow, Scotland with Wine replacing water at rest stops.
(NSFW) Someone Sent The Oregon Militants An Actual Bag Of D*cks
Wisconsin HS students banned from chanting harmless phrases
Russian TV commentator sacked after snoozing during Barcelona match
London Breaches Yearly Pollution Limit After Just Eight Days
Ann Coulter is a huge Grateful Dead fan
Oregon militia inundated with sex toys after asking supporters for supplies
Cops: Florida man used wife's head to mop up spilled milk after no-jelly rage
A prominent writer and Washington insider is launching a war. On leaf blowers.
GOP Rep. Just Found Out He Invited Kim Davis To The State Of The Union
India: Bihar state slaps 'luxury' tax on samosas
Guy edits band's Wikipedia page, convinces concert security he's family, gets backstage
Cop Serving Eviction Notice Kills 12-Year-Old Pennsylvania Girl by Mistake - NBC News
Poor Men Prefer Large Breasts, While Financially Secure Men Prefer Small Breasts
Woman mortified after wrongly identifying man as homeless and buying him a McDonald's meal
Mystery date: Congressman invites Kim Davis to State of the Union
English shoppers steal £26.7m worth of plastic bags since 5p charge introduced
Iran's Swift Release of U.S. Sailors Hailed as a Sign of Warmer Relations
Barman with Henry the Hoover tattoo on his crotch says it's ruining his love life
Barman fears he will NEVER have sex again after rude Henry the Hoover tattoo is too painful to remove
Human trials will test freeze-dried poop pills as a weight-loss treatment
The Oregon Militia Would Like People to Stop Sending Them Dildos
Oregon 'Terrorists' are Really Angry That People Keep Sending Them Dildos in the Mail
Mother Makes Knitted Version of Her Son For Cuddling, Still Can't Understand Why Real One Won't
Muslim professor blocked from game because his name was on US blacklist
Charlie Sheen Quits HIV Meds: 'I Was Born Dead'
Finally, You Can Smell Like Vladimir Putin
Specialists Remove Headphone from Turtle's Stomach
Oregon militants want you to stop sending them dildos
Poop pills could be the next weight loss trend.
Man delivering bacon to his friends stops intruder's violent attack
Oregon Militants Sent Bag o' Dicks
'Pastafarian' wins right to wear colander in driving license photo
Woman 'mortified' after buying McDonald's meal for 'homeless man' - only to discover he was an ordinary customer
The Queen of England promises to "take back" America if Trump is elected
Ohio court says wild bobcats can now be housecats
Woman Worried New Cellphone Tower Will Affect Son's Lifesaving Medical Equipment
Antonio Cromartie expecting 11th and 12th kids - after vasectomy
Does Hillary Clinton Playing the Air Guitar Make You More or Less Into Her Policies?
The University of Wollongong issues PhD in antivaccine pseudoscience
Cromartie wife pregnant despite vasectomy
Employees caught doing hair in Waffle House kitchen
I fathered 800 children, claims sperm donor
The Swiss are being asked to delay paying taxes because negative interest rates punish towns for holding money
Secret Service: Man claiming to be Jesus planned to kidnap one of the Obama dogs
People Can't Stop Mailing Dicks to the Oregon Dummies
White House quotes DJ Khaled in its Snapchat debut
Jim Harbaugh plans sleepover with the No. 1 kicker in the 2016 class
Metallica Just Sent A 41 Page Lawsuit Threat To Their Own Fans
Woman injured after frozen excrement falls from plane
This Ynet article complains about Palestinians "illegally" paving a road in the Palestinian West Bank.
'Stop sending us dildos': Armed militant in Oregon reacts to 'bag of d**ks'
Charles Koch Pines For More Influence In Republican Presidential Primary
Concerned about DNA evidence, burglary suspect arrested after returning to retrieve iced tea bottle
Mom Knits Life-Sized Version Of Her Growing Son To Cuddle Up With
Poker Player Disqualified From Tournament For Peeing At The Table
'Here is a better photo, that one is terrible!' Fugitive sends police a SELFIE to replace his unflattering mugshot. Then he gets arrested in Florida.
Player Disqualified From Poker Tournament For Peeing In A Container Underneath The Table
SpaceX to Attempt Another Rocket Landing Sunday
Baby carrots are not baby carrots
Man tells Jacksonville council "I sexually assaulted kids" during HRO comments
Gangbanger tried to trick cops into believing he was Terrell Owens
The Man Who Blames Himself for George W. Bush's 2000 'Victory'
'Here is a better photo, that one is terrible!' Fugitive sends police a SELFIE to replace his unflattering mugshot. Then he gets himself arrested in Florida.
Arizona Coyotes send 2016 NHL All-Star captain John Scott to AHL
Man arrested in meth case while awaiting sentencing on earlier meth case
Trains in London delayed because of sunlight
Man allegedly uses wife's head as a mop
Penn State asks students to report microaggressions to administrators
Flint sending out 1,800 new notices for past-due water bills
At Biotech Party, Gender Diversity Means Cocktail Waitresses
Man falls in pit on way to buy lottery tickets
Man turns to SPCA after house taken over by 66 cats
One Shoulder Short La Femme Dress 19456 in Colors: Red, Black, and Blue Dresses at Promdressbycolor.com
Anti-Obama militia leader shoots fellow patriot in face during drunken dispute
Mental health CEO who hired fortune-teller gets prison
Responding To Nuclear Test, S. Korea Cranks Up The K-Pop
Slingshot Owner Convicted of Threats to Kill Obama
Teenager's stomach pains turns out to be parasitic twin with teeth, hair and bones
"Rage Yoga: A Beginner's Guide," by Katie Burgess
Russian prison chief arrested on suspicion of stealing 30 mile road
Anti-Obama march organizer fatally shoots right-wing militant buddy in drunken dispute over gun
Hermés Birkin Bags Are a Better Investment Than Gold, Report Says
Militia Movement leader fatally shoots fellow patriot between the eyes during drunken dispute with spare gun
A Shoe-Shaped Church Has Been Built To Attract Female Worshippers
Flint Sends Overdue Notices to Residents Who Aren't Paying for Their Water, Which Is Poison
Drunk Minnesota Vikings fan confuses police station for home, breaks in
Yale Medical School Professors Are Starting a Psychedelic Meetup
London Has Already Exceeded Its Pollution Limits for 2016
Antonio Cromartie's Penis Is Unstoppable
Teacher under fire for buying computers for students to use
'Pastafarian' wins right to wear colander in driving licence photo
Ann Coulter: God Raised Up Trump To Save Us From 1,000 Years Of Darkness
Forget body and crotch pillows, upskirt umbrellas are now a thing
A Village Named Whitesboro Votes to Keep Its Insanely Racist Seal
India woman injured by poo falling from the sky
Va. bill would require schools to verify children's 'anatomy' before using bathroom
Man liquidates son's possessions in an act of tough love
Prosecutors move to exclude video of drug raid
Doctor Expects to Remove More Chargers Tattoos
Woman crashes into hotel, pours cup of coffee, lights cigarette, and claims all is "fine."
Canada pledges $1 million to Kevin O'Leary if he will go away forever
Defense attorney says CDA teen who killed dad and brother was being trained for the 'Zombie Apocalypse'
Italian David Bowie fans start petition to bring him back from the dead
Queens woman accused of forcing enslaved children to give her 'five-hour body massages'
Professional dick photographer takes a taboo and turns it into an art with personality.
Breaking Bad writer to create new version of Anne of Green Gables
You Can Carry Weapons in Texas Psychiatric Hospitals
Tampa buddies form mother of all Powerball pools: $146,000 for 73,000 tickets
This woman knitted a life-size replica of her son because he didn't want to cuddle her anymore
LA store's shirts flying off shelves after drug kingpin El Chapo wears design
New York Uber Driver Refuses to Take Woman in Labor to Hospital, Charges Her $13
NYC Uber Driver Refuses to Pick Up Woman in Labor, Charges Her $13: Report
Alleged police impersonator confirmed to be RCMP member
Kent woman saved by cheese
Obama's Plea to 'Fix Our Politics' Leaves Both Sides Looking Inward
Yes, athletes are flocking to purchase Powerball tickets just like the rest of us
Avowed Apple fan Jeb Bush realizes his Apple Watch can take phone calls
Physician-assisted suicide advocate ends her life
Jeb Bush stunned his Apple Watch receives calls
Chinese Army Now Equipped with Laser Guns
Counterfeiters perplexed by Canada's plastic money
Heart doctors outraged Florida dumps hospital standards after big gifts to GOP
It's no joke, Emerson College offering a comedy major
The Oregon militia's bizarre PR tactics - from dildos to Facebook videos
Police in southern China have handed out 15,000 decks of playing cards which are plastered with photos of local fugitives.
Idaho accidently puts tracking collars on wilderness wolves
NBC 10 I-Team: Stenhouse resigns after dressing man as woman to improve event optics
Kansas Waiter Given $20 "Tip" Turns To Twitter In Outrage
North Korea threatens to 'wipe out' US with hydrogen bombs
Mum misses teenage son, knits a new one
Kmart to close several stores, including 4 in California
Trump picked as speaker for Martin Luther King Jr. Day at Liberty University
Where White People Meet billboard removed amid complaints
Day care teacher convicted of cruelty in 'baby fight club'
Woman who stole condoms and panties bites off Walmart worker's finger
'They didn't do it': Brother of 'Making a Murderer' convict drops passionate rap
Polish press invokes Nazi imagery as war of words with EU heats up
Florida man pools money for 72,500 Powerball tickets
Metallica threatens to sue Metallica tribute band
Features Of North Korea's Red Star Computer Operating System
Charlie Sheen quits taking his HIV medication: "I was born dead."
Pentagon Spends $10 Million On Powerball Tickets With Hopes Of Bolstering F-35 Program
David Bowie: Italians petition God to 'send him back to Earth'
Charlie Sheen has quit taking his HIV medication: "I was born dead."
You may be powerless to stop a drone from hovering over your own yard
Scientists say human greenhouse gas emissions have canceled the next ice age
Fly like the Silver Surfer! Inventor designs a Wingboard that would allow thrill seekers to ride through the sky behind a PLANE
Co-Founder Of Anti-Obama March Shot Between The Eyes By Organizer Over Gun Dispute
Poopmaster 6000 takes on Portland's bird dropping mess
One of nation's biggest jails on lockdown because so many guards called in sick
Lake Poopo dries up
"Netflix not overtaking Television", as reported by television network NBC Universal
Man with no arms or legs is convicted for molesting a six-year-old girl
Buddhist monks behind Leicester City incredible start
Man with no arms or legs is convicted for molesting a six-year-old girl during the child's birthday party
Waffle House patron 'stripped naked, punched a woman and broke her nose then threw multiple platters of food at the room before attacking police officers'
Photograph seen around the world of kangaroo "in mourning" cradling the head of dead companion actually shows it in a state of "sexual arousal", says expert.
Virginia Republican Proposes Mandating Genital Inspections in Schools
Students Voice Objections to Timing of Trump Visit to Liberty University
Shoe-shaped church with 'female-orientated' features hopes to attract worshippers in Taiwan
U.S. Media Condemns Iran's "Aggression" in Intercepting U.S. Naval Ships - in Iranian Waters
Xbox Live is down, and Snoop Dogg is threatening to leave for PlayStation
Olympic skier Picabo Street arrested for pushing dad downstairs, locking him in basement
Police: Nude cleaning service in Mason City may not be illegal
The Next Big Thing? 'Fat Studies' Courses, Fat Awareness Groups Spread Across Universities
"To Bernie Sanders with thanks for your commitment to real health care access for all Americans..."-@HillaryClinton
How Taking Acid Helped Me Stop Smoking
Scientists say humans have cancelled the next ice age.
Taiwan builds a church in the shape of a high heel to lure women to worship
'I ain't got no rap:' DA battles own witnesses during Harrisburg murder trial
Fox News advises Powerball players to buy 'as many tickets as you can afford'
Jewel beetles trying to mate with fluorescent safety equipment, after mistaking it for female
Christie, on the GOP Prez Trail in NH, Will Tweet in State of the State Address
Xbox Live is having issues and Snoop Dogg is very upset (update)
9-year-old daughter was shown 'twerking' videos on school-issued computer
Iceland tourist unwittingly joins search for HERSELF after failing to recognise tour group's description of 'missing woman'
The kangaroo in that viral 'grieving' photo is actually just sexually aroused
Ted Cruz Gains Endorsement Of Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson
27-Year-Old Hedge Fund Manager Wins Powerball Jackpot
'Enjoy your burger, racist,' woman shouts at Trump in New Hampshire diner - Politics - Boston.com
Brendan Dassey's half-brother drops a new tune defending him and Steven Avery
Japanese broadcaster fired for texting penis photo to Thai government line chat
Missing tourist in Iceland joins search for herself
It's Apparently Easy to Steal Entire Highways in Russia
Pizza Hut Launches a Line of Pizza-Themed Apparel
Virginia daycare teacher convicted in "baby fight club"
Video of oscillating fan among most watched videos on Netflix, trounces Making A Murderer
Man is mistaken for a DJ by a club promoter, so he just rolls with it Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2016/01/12/man-is-mistaken-for-a-dj-by-a-club-promoter-so-he-just-rolls-with-it-5618312/#ixzz3xCVvttdK
Kangaroo shown 'grieving' was actually trying to mate with dying female: experts
Canadian government criticized by designers over free font usage
Oregon State Workshop: Ordering Starbucks Shows 'Implicit Bias,' Relates To 'Killings Of Black Men
Oregon State workshop to teach ordering Starbucks is an implicit bias
Kangaroo in 'grieving' photos may have killed mate while trying to have sex, scientist says
Wasted pigeons attacked by seagulls, forced to copulate
Rhode Island official tells man to dress as woman for media event
Nest Thermostat Glitch Leaves Users in the Cold
Russian official suspected of stealing 30 miles of road
'Make In India' logo designed by foreign firm, says RTI
American Official Fired After Hiring Man To Dress As Elderly Woman For Media Event
El Chapo's arrest means big business for Jewish fashion designers in L.A.
Lap dancing club gets go-ahead for outdoor seating and VIP booths
Virginia Republican Wants Schools To Check Children's Genitals Before Using Bathroom
A moment that changed me: waking up with a bad hangover - and two men
HIV doctor injected himself with Charlie Sheen's blood in unsuccessful treatment
Spermbots can help women trying to conceive
Jeb Bush discovers his Apple Watch can make phone calls
Man trying to buy Powerball ticket gets trapped at bottom of giant hole
Taxi Driver Attacks Passenger With a Katana; LTFRB Raises Alarm Over Violent Drivers
Santa Claus fights bankruptcy in Lapland
Basketbrawl: Parent And Referee Fight At Middle School Game
Behave, Poland. Or you'll be kicked out of Eurovision!
Alan Rickman, giant of British film and theatre, dies at 69
South Korea: Conscripts ask to extend their service
Mexican Church warns public not to buy fake tickets to see Pope Francis
More people died taking selfies in India last year than anywhere else in the world
McDonald's customer pays for food with heroin in LaPorte
'Mourning' kangaroo was trying to mate, says expert
Swedish police banned from describing criminals anymore in case they sound racist
Eating poop pills could make you thin. Seriously.
Girl rejects proposal 'because diamond on ring was too small'
Biden Comes This Close to Endorsing Bernie Sanders
He should've gone for a one-carat! Chinese man's elaborate wedding proposal gets rejected after his girlfriend deemed the ring's diamond was too small
Newborn taken from Calgary mother 24 hours after birth
Salah Abdeslam (Paris attacks presumed coordinator) contacted a lawyer.
Man With Vacuum-Cleaner Crotch Tattoo Somehow Still Single
Don't take your children to Syria
Driver Of Stolen Car Jumps Fence And Falls To His Death In A Cemetary
'Poopmaster 6000' takes on crow dropping problem in Portland
Scottish man jailed for playing Dolly Parton music too loud
'We hope you die of cancer,' Making a Murderer fans tell lawyer who was removed from case for mishandling defense then treated for leukemia
Jack Daniels names son Jim Beam...next son will be named Evan Williams. (first/middle names)
Texas Man Falls Into Hole Trying to Buy Powerball Ticket
[Executive director of the Senior Enrichment Center] resigns after dressing man as woman to improve event optics
Yale study: Jerks will be jerks, but nice people can become jerks too
Turkey takes airplane ride as passenger's 'emotional support animal'
Fox News doctor tells Obama to skip the 'war on cancer': 'He's the wrong commander-in-chief'
Oregon's domestic terrorists just got 55 gal of lube to go with all those dildos
Police seize car after driver fails to use turn signal
A Birkin Bag Might Be a Better Investment Than the Stock Market
Bug displays Chrome user's porn hours later on Apple computer: Student's incognito mode browsing reappeared after closing private window when he loaded video game Diablo III
Norway tells refugees to get on their bikes back to Russia
Russia highway robbery: Official 'stole 50km road'
Christian Preacher: I Moved Clouds and Stopped a Typhoon Because "I Have Authority Over the Weather"
Soccer player Marco Pappa allegedly stabbed by Miss Washington USA
Snoop Dogg Demands Bill Gates Fix His Shizzle Following Xbox Live Outage, Threatens PlayStation Defection
Pirate Ship for Sale on Craigslist
Douchebag tries to use Alan Rickman's death to sell life insurance
News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGJUNIOR DOCTORS STRIKEDAVID BOWIEEL CHAPOSIAN BLAKEISIS Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News World news Child abuse Lifelike child sex dolls created to 'stop paedophiles committing crimes'
Warning: Sugary Drinks Are Unhealthy
Mount Sinai Hospital doctor accused of ejaculating on 22-year-old patient's face after incapacitating her with morphine
Call of Duty publisher sued by family of Angolan rebel: Jonas Savimbi is portrayed as a 'barbarian' in Call of Duty: Black Ops II say three of his children who seek €1m damages
Border Officers find ton of pot in Fake Carrots
Woman accused of naked rampage inside Waffle House
Wisconsin bans 'air ball,' other chants at high school basketball games
Soccer player Marco Pappa allegedly stabbed by Miss Washington USA last month
'El Chapo' shirts: 'We cannot keep them in stock,' designer says
This Tea Party Lawmaker Said Obama Shouldn't Quote the Bible Because Republicans Own It
Smitten with "Weed's" actress, Mexico's 'Chapo' tripped up by flirting
School blasted for 'sandwich of shame' policy aimed to collect lunch debts
TDSB lice policy of excluding students under review
Naked woman goes on rampage through Waffle House
Mom Arrested For Tattooing 'Ride or Die' on 12-Year-Old Son's Hand: Police
Man Runs From Deputies, Falls to Death Into Cemetery
Monterey doctor sentenced for stalking with python
WSU seeks retraction, says researcher faked poop-to-power study data
A Victorian prison inmate has shut down an entire jail by staging a life-threatening protest on top of a light pole
Waffle House employees use cooking supplies to fix hair
Paul Ryan attacks Barack Obama for agreeing with Paul Ryan
Horny kangaroo in viral photos was not grieving, scientist says
Dickinson man arrested for plot to kidnap President Obama's dogs
Doctor Accused Of Ejaculating In Drugged Patient's Face
Flying turkey ruffles feathers about 'emotional support' animals on planes
Florida man tells city council he opposes LGBT protections because he molested boys until he found God
Man uses wife's head as a mop after sandwich fight
Pink 'Ladyball' designed for women footballers has to be seen to be believed.
Bernie Sanders' new Ben & Jerry's flavor, "Bernie's Yearning", requires you to break up the top 1% and redistribute it to the bottom 99% of the ice cream.
Hoax or a whole new ball game? The Ladyball designed to let women play like men without breaking their nails.
Governor of Former Slave State: We've Never Had Racist Laws
Oregon militiaman complains on Facebook that people are sending them too many dicks.
Is this PINK football the key to getting more women to take up the beautiful game?
Virginia day care teacher convicted of running 'baby fight club' where terrified children were sprayed with water, dunked in wading pools and fed Flamin' Hot Cheetos
Nursery teacher who ran 'baby fight club' found guilty of child cruelty
This woman knit herself a new son when her boys reached puberty
Mom loses 140 pounds, then ditches husband and finds hot young lover.
Widow of American Killed in Jordan Sues Twitter for Aiding ISIS
Sean Cooper pays off mortgage in 3 years and earns online hate
Health advice on Reddit is more likely than not to be high quality, and is hardly ever dangerous - Study.
Taiwan hopes to entice brides with this giant 'shoe church'
Rhode Island official resigns after forcing man to dress as an old lady for her press conference
Jeb Bush shocked his Apple watch does more than tell time.
Suspect Wanted in Lima Ohio Sends Police a 'Better' Mugshot
Donald Trump rally features incredible performance of 3 young children singing about crushing America's enemies
Donald Trump calls for release of sailors from Iran hours after they had been set free
Husband 'used wife's head as a mop because they'd run out of jam'
Japanese company manufactures lifelike child sex dolls for paedophiles
An US town just voted to keep its official seal: A white man tackling a Native American
There is a food truck actually called "White Girl Asian Food"
DJ Khaled Snapchats His Black Amex By Accident - Loses $80K In 30 Seconds
Driver Shouted 'Go Back To Islam!' As He Shot Muslim In 'Stand Your Ground' Killing
Court Reporter Officially Hates His Job More Than You Do
Schools in Norway are now offering eSports instead of gym class
Florida man uses wife's head as mop after sandwich fight.
Young, rich, beautiful girl able to live dream life, and this is news ...
Man angry over lack of jelly uses wife's head to mop up spilled milk
Day care teacher guilty of running 'baby fight club'
$500,000 in Marijuana Disguised as Carrots: CBP
The Official Donald Trump Jam
Freedom Girls from Pensacola, Florida entertain Trump supporters in Pensacola, Florida on January 13, 2o16
David Bowie Is Not Dead, He Was Kidnapped By Demons Summoned By Rock Music
Woman who as a teen helped murder her mother by stabbing her in an LSD-fueled rampage now becomes a mom herself
Homeland Security Asking Hotel Staff to Report Customers for Too Many Condoms
Former 'Power Rangers' actor charged with stabbing roommate to death with sword
Florida: Man emasculated during failed attempt to rape pit bull
Boston police team's SWAT cat mascot returns home
Sierra Nevada joins SpaceX and Orbital ATK in winning NASA resupply contracts
Derry lad convinces Selfridges to print 'Arsemuck' on Nutella jar as an 'Irish name'
Red Power Ranger charged with stabbing roommate to death with sword
Accused cop killer sues dead cop for "excessive deadly force"
Aaron Ramsey Can't Stop Killing Famous People
Ryan Bryant did not win $1 million
Former Power Ranger Charged With Murdering Roommate Using a Sword
Rahm Compares Fickle Chicago Media To A Jewish Mother
White Girl Asian Food food truck...
Bill Cosby Accuser Records Rap Attack After D.A. Rejects Case
People keep dying after Arsenal's Aaron Ramsey scores
Leeds police search for robber "with a big nose" who targeted supermarket staff
Jim Harbaugh Thumbs Nose at NCAA Recruiting Rules, Continues Quest to Sleep With Teens
Redesigned PSAT ranks 30% of students in the top 1% according to independent analysis.
Sexual Assault Accuser Chloe Goins Releases Bill Cosby Rap Diss Track
The University of Wollongong issues a PhD in antivaccine pseudoscience
This Mom Missed Cuddling With Her Teenage Son So She Knit a Life-Size Version of Him
Ted Cruz Picks Up 'Duck Dynasty' Patriarch Phil Robertson's Endorsement
Norway to send refugees back to Russia - by bike
Cranston seniors director resigned after having man dress as woman for press conference
Donald Trump made an EDM song with little kids
Canadian charged with smuggling drugs into US by sled
Daycare Teacher Convicted in Virginia for Running 'Baby Fight Club'
New Navy Ships Have Trouble Surviving the High Seas
Canadian charged with smuggling drugs into U.S. By sled
DJ Khaled intervenes to save Jeb! from himself
Virginia day care teacher convicted for running a 'baby fight club'
More embarrassing than freedom fries.
This Guy Wrote Donald Trump's 'USA Freedom Kids' Song
'Super intoxicated' Montana cop shoves his gun in Asian man's face for being 'an ISIS'
66 Cats Overtake Nova Scotia Man's House, SPCA Steps In
Lifelike child sex dolls created to 'stop paedophiles commiting crimes'
Jim Harbaugh is planning a slumber party with recruit
Nurse accidentally cuts off baby's toe
WTOL fires 7 accused in off-color card game Cards Against Humanity involved
WTOL fires 7 accused in off-color card game
Santa Fe teacher accused of taping students' mouths shut
Irony: Bernie Sanders' Website Ran Out of Free Stickers
Santa Fe teacher accused of duct taping students' mouths
$99 'West Village' Trash Can for Sale on Anthropologie
Man in women's bathroom burned while smoking , after dumping off a load at landfill.
Day care teacher found guilty of running 'baby fight club.'
U.S. Air Force Officials Pull MLK day 'fun shoot' flyer
Harney County fire chief resigns, sides with armed protesters
Baltimore mayor blames murder victim for ruining the lives of his assailants.
Russia Bans Foul Language in Some Prisons; No Word on Enforcement
Teenager accidentally racks up $7,600 bill on FIFA16
Mount Sinai Doctor Accused of Ejaculating on Sedated Patient's Face
Watch These Trump-Loving "Freedom Kids" Sing About Crushing America's Enemies
Woman strips naked and attacks diners in Waffle House
Oregon occupiers ask public for supplies: get glitter, sex toys
USA Freedom Kids sing Trump-themed song at Florida rally
Air Force officials pull MLK day fun shoot flyer
'Freedom Kids' Sing About Trump Crushing Enemies of the U.S.
Freedom kids do a remarkable song and dance number at rally for Trump
Robins takes down flyer advertising MLK 'fun shoot'
Cops: Woman breaks a nose and a window, strips inside Waffle House
Robins apologizes for MLK "fun shoot" flier
The US Air Force apologizes for organizing an MLK Day "fun shoot"
Italian nurse kills as many as 38 'annoying' patients
Watch Some Young Girls Sing the 'Official Donald Trump Jam' at a Rally in Florida
Woman watches helplessly as old couple poison her puppy
Boston man finds horrifying scream was dry ice pushing against steel
Official resigns after disguising man as elderly woman for news conference
That instant bread in Star Wars: The Force Awakens wasn't CGI
Ebola virus: New case emerges in Sierra Leone
'Paul Ryan Shirtless' Googled More Than His Budget Plan
Food cart selling sex toys in downtown Evansville
Man dead 'after coat became stuck in train doors' on Paris Metro
This woman says she likes to drink her boyfriend's blood
Mitt Romney: GOP is 'nuts' for not supporting minimum wage increase
Mother Knits Herself A Son Who Cuddles, After Her Teenage Boy Outgrows Snuggling
Vladimir Putin: I didn't mean to scare Angela Merkel with my dog
Rand Paul literally flips off media after debate firestorm
Canada's Northernmost Capital Turned Pink for Some Reason
Rand Gives Media the Middle Finger
0.0% of Icelanders 25 years or younger believe God created the world, new poll reveals
Missing woman "finds herself" after intense search
Feds: Man pulled drug-laden sled into Vermont
Wearing unearned military medals is free speech
Yes, Rick Santorum did just ask you to Google him
California nurse did NOT win the lottery it was a prank by her son.
This is an actual thing put forth by an actual presidential candidate
Boulder's 'Sheriff of Love' fighting cruelty charges in case of dead cat
Students at Detroit's Cody High School tired of ceiling tiles falling on their heads during classes
ISIS militant ordered Jakarta attack from abroad, police chief says
Man Arrested For Stealing His Own Urine
Man sues officer he killed for excessive use of force
Coroner says competing junior lifesavers should wear helmets, lifejackets
VA employee pleads guilty to demanding Ph.D. for helping LSU with grant application
AussieBum axes Indigenous-themed Australia Day underwear collection
California fines Uber $7.6 million on rider, driver reports
In twist, Paxton prosecutors sue Paxton's agency to block records
Clinton Campaign Accuses Bernie Sanders of Breaking Pledge Not to Go 'Negative'
Martin O'Malley Under Investigation For Furniture Purchases
Jeb Bush heeds some advice from DJ Khaled
Accused killer of IMPD officer Perry Renn sues cop for $2.3 million
My Son Doesn't Want To Cuddle Anymore So I Knit A Cuddly Version Of Him
HomeInvasion.net | Stay Informed On The Latest Home Invasion News
Pet black-headed python bites, 'handcuffs' Sunshine Coast owner
Yosemite National Park changes the name to well known landmarks due to lawsuit
Fiorina spoils for a fight against Clinton: 'You would pay to see that'
Quebec man charged with bringing 82 kilos of pills to U.S. on sled
Maryland Man Searching For Affordable Limes Wins $1M Powerball Ticket
Barriere mayor says chamber of commerce website takeover by porn site 'extortion'
Man builds 'Dog Train' to take rescued pups out on little adventures
Steven Boyer Puts Down the Sock Puppet and Picks Up His Life
Department of Defence spends $20m on consultants to save taxpayers' money
Squirrel causes power outage at Vermont Statehouse
Dancing girls at Trump event turn wartime song into campaign diddy
New Dinosaur Poses Question: Does This Museum Make Me Look Fat?
Founder of North Face dies of hypothermia following kayaking accident in Patagonia
Ivy League grad Ted Cruz accuses Manhattan's Donald Trump of liberalism by association
A Powerball Reimbursement Go Fund Me Page Has Been Created
The Dangerous Side of Whipped Cream
Florida cop who made 100+ DUI arrests, shows up to accept award at MADD event....drunk.
WSU report admits researcher faked cow poop data
Traffic cone delays flight for two hours
Aircraft now so automated pilots have forgotten how to fly
Woman unwittingly joins search party for herself
Swedish police not allowed to mention skin color or ethnicity in suspect description
Garland girl suspended, potential alternative school time for sharing inhaler
Man speaks out after breaking £260,000 windows with his catapult
Assfish goes on display at the Royal B.C. Museum in Victoria
Welcome party for Cologne refugees turned into mass groping
Former death metal frontman for Morbid Angel returns as country artist
Angry Bavarian politician takes bus full of refugees to Merkel
Man runs from authorities, falls to death into cemetery
Elk Collaring Project in Idaho Captures and Collars Four Wolves by Mistake
Million dollar Powerball winner "Sad he didn't win it all" and feels "sorta like a loser"
The Internet Cat Video Festival is coming to San Francisco!
Bill O'Reilly Vows, 'I'm Fleeing' To Ireland If Bernie Sanders Elected
British sperm donor - father of 800 children - sells his 'magic potion' on Facebook
Father accused of murdering son, 3, because teenage girlfriend disliked children
Carly Fiorina: Unlike Clinton, "I actually love spending time with my husband"
Tesco shopper on crutches after scrum for cut-price meat at the deli counter
PETA congratulates Tesla for offering 'all-vegan' Model X
Man Flu Might Actually Be Real After All
New Russian legislation could ban holding hands in public if you're gay
Tarantino under fire for saying the word 'Ghetto' at the Golden Globes.
Youth cuts off hand out of 'love for the Holy Prophet (PBUH)'
Glasgow will host a 10k run that offers wine at rest stops
The Canadian Man Who Killed a British Guy at an Ayahuasca Retreat in Peru Speaks Out: "And that's when I made the decision to stab him."
Giant snow penis kills lovers in Altai [gtranslate link]
The Oregon militia is armed to the teeth with dildos
Glasgow 10k runners to be offered wine instead of water
The giant glass slipper church of Taiwan
Garland ISD girl who suffered asthma attack faces punishment
Adam Hills fingers crocodiles
Man orders McDonald's, hands over heroin inside wad of cash
Oblivious Missing Woman Joins Search Party To Look For Herself
Photos of Grieving Kangaroo Actually Show Necrophilia
Seniors director steps down after man dressed as senior woman stands with her at press conference
The Widow of a Man Killed in Islamic State Attack Is Suing Twitter
Designer sells out of El Chapo shirt
Naked Woman Attacks Waffle House
HIDDEN CAM: Another publishing executive caught dishing dirt on Common Core
Officer convicted of stealing liquor from theft suspects
Teenager banned from drinking alcohol after setting fire to a sheep
Lawsuit Blames Twitter for ISIS Terrorist Attack
Nude woman attacks Waffle House customers
City official has man dress up as old woman for photo op
'Pastafarian' will lose his licence if caught driving without a colander on his head
Pasta la vista! Russian Pastafarian driver told to wear his 'sieve' hat - or lose his license
Ex-Power Rangers star Ricardo Medina charged with killing room mate by stabbing him with sword
Yosemite famed sites forced to change names due to trademark dispute
Former "Power Rangers Samurai" star stabs roommate with samurai sword
Oscar Nominations Continue to Lack Diversity in Top Categories: Critics Say
Tennessee couple wins Powerball Jackpot. Claims they want privacy, immediately goes to biggest city in US to be on the Today Show before cashing in winning ticket.
City official has man dress up as old woman for photo
HILLARY CLINTON PROMISES TO INVESTIGATE UFOS
Say hello to the assfish
Chipotle CEO: "We know that Chipotle is as safe as it's ever been before,"
Ex-Power Ranger charged with murder in roommate's stabbing death | abc13.com
Canadian arrested after trying to smuggle 300 vacuum-sealed bags of Xanax to US on a sled.
I have three homes but all my money goes on holidays. Can I retire at 55 and send my son to university?
Man Convicted of Bomb Plot in Canada May Have Been Radicalized by Spy Agency
Boy cuts off own hand after blasphemy mistake: Punjab police
Running for Office in India? You Might Need to Own a Toilet
Bony-eared assfish debuts at Royal B.C. Museum
Arkansas Waffle House fires 2 workers for styling hair in kitchen | abc13.com
Cops: Nude woman attacks Waffle House customers
Pokermon Player jailed for sex with girl of 14
Prophet Bushiri pulls a fake jet miracle
Daycare teacher convicted of running 'baby fight club'
The New Donald Trump Anthem You Have to Hear
Man bites, stabs another over stirring of chili
Hillary Clinton Isn't a Lesbian-but She Dresses Like One
Video shows policeman mistaking man's penis for a deadly weapon during body search
Turkey Photographed Flying Coach With Airline Passengers
Naked woman goes on rampage at Georgia Waffle House
Pet turkey shot after dispute between siblings in Union
Yosemite agrees to change the names of its significant locations to appease trademark troll
B.C. mayor appalled porn site wants $9,700 for local chamber of commerce domain name | Toronto Star
Donald Trump enlists school-age cheerleaders for political message: FREEDOM FREEDOM FREEDOM
Georgia woman stripped, assaulted customers inside Waffle House, police say
Customs officials intercept pot shipment disguised as carrots
Yosemite to Rename Several Iconic Places
NYU, Arizona State students seek 'alternative financial aid' at 'Sugar Daddy' website
Yup. It gets that cold in Saskatoon, Sk, Canada.
Not Trump tho bumper sticker making headlines.
Change.org petition to bring David Bowie back to life
Photos of 'grieving' kangaroo actually show necrophilia - after it may have killed its female mate
Chelsea Clinton: "I tried to care about money but couldn't"
Official persuades man to dress as old woman for photo op
Indian villagers demolished their toilets because they prefer to use open fields
Doctor mistook x-ray of elbow as an ankle
Food cart selling sex toys in Evansville shut down
Sean Penn Says El Chapo's Capture Spoiled His Article
Photos Of 'Grieving' Kangaroo Actually Show Necrophilia (And Possibly A Killing)
Woman who announced a pregnancy on Facebook outed as a cheater
Snow-shovelling man punches snowplow driver, Durham police say
FBI Agents Weren't Posing as Militia, Ex-Fire Chief Clarifies
Woman takes photos of penises dressed in outfits, sells them for $10,000 (NSFW)
Ohio TV station reportedly fires 7 for playing Cards Against Humanity
Woman asks world to pay her back for money spent on Powerball tickets
Rhode Island official had male bus driver dress like old lady for photo op.
Middle-aged man dresses as old woman for official's photo op
This treehouse extends 20 inches into an alley and it's dividing the neighborhood
Stenhouse resigns after dressing man as woman to improve event optics
City official has male bus driver dress as a woman for photo op
Police receive 999 call after man attacks woman in Manchester city centre 'with kebab'
7 news station employees fired for playing Cards Against Humanity
Activision being sued by Family of Angolan Rebel Leader over his portrayal in Black Ops 2
Ebola virus: New case emerges in Sierra Leone Sierra Leone officials have confirmed a death from Ebola, hours after the World Health Organization declared the latest West Africa outbreak over.
Woman Spent Her Life Savings On Powerball Tickets And Made A GoFundMe Page To Get Her Money Back
Head of Rhode Island senior center resigns for making male bus driver dress as elderly woman for PR stunt
WTOL fires 7 accused in off-color card game Cards Against Humanity
New Hampshire officer helps moose stranded on ice by annoying it
Air Force officials apologize for poster advertising 'Martin Luther King, Jr. fun shoot' featuring the slain civil rights leader's image
Woman Created A Powerball Reimbursement Go Fund Me Page After Blowing All Her Money On Lottery Tickets
MLK Jr. Day "Fun Shoot" Sign Taken Down
Woman starts GoFundMe account to be reimbursed for losing Powerball tickets
Houston attorney files federal suit questioning Ted Cruz's eligibility to run for president | abc13.com
One-Stop Popcorn and Sex Toy Shop Runs Afoul of Indiana Police
City Official Quits After Asking Male Bus Driver to Dress Up as Adorable Little Old Lady
Sean Penn Feels 'Terrible Regret' Over 'El Chapo' Interview
A men's rights group sued a women's networking group for sex discrimination.
Dispute over stirring pot of chili leads to attack
There's Now a Masturbation Booth in NYC Made for Men to Relieve Stress During the Workday
North Korea calls for peace treaty, halt to exercises, to end nuclear tests
Raymond police urge public to report incidents by phone, not via Facebook
Octopuss installs a masturbation booth in Manhattan
Someone just used a federal law to bring a live turkey on a Delta flight
Edmonton teacher fired for breaking 'no zero policy' won't get job back
Noel Edmonds says 'Britain is full' after getting stuck in traffic jam
Former Daycare Worker Found Guilty of Starting a Toddler 'Fight Club'
Glasgow to host 10k run with entrants offered WINE instead of water at rest stops
R.I. official resigns after using man dressed as elderly woman in news conference
Man proposes to girlfriend 148 times without her realising
Report: Mexican drug lord 'El Chapo' Guzmán got erectile dysfunction treatment while on the run
NY Town Votes to Keep Seal That Appears to Show White Man Choking Native American
Maine Governor Warns That Drug Dealers Named "D-Money" Are Impregnating Young White Girls
Rio 2016 'promotes games with image of Oscar Pistorius'
Murderous necrophiliac kangaroo briefly wins nation's heart
Former Daycare Worker Faces 41 Years In Prison After Starting A "Baby Fight Club"
$1,500 worth of chewing gum stolen from Markham pharmacy
Former Red Power Ranger Charged With Murdering His Roommate With A Samurai Sword
Obama: Dog pants go on two legs, not four
We need to be able to sext at work - it's the only way to have a personal life
Cross-dresser at event turns Cranston into 'laughingstock,' councilman says
Woman called Nutt over-run by squirrels
Idaho accidently puts tracking collars on wolves instead of elk
It's a prank, bro! Lotto "winner" wasn't a winner...
Image of Oscar Pistorius used to promote this year's Paralympics by tournament organisers
Greyhound driver stops in Salina for nap; doesn't tell riders
Bernie Sanders' Website Ran Out of Free Stickers
Sweden funding new sniper training program for recently arrived refugees
Cinnamon Nicole's GoFund Me for Powerball Reimbursement.
Police: Son Blames "Imaginary Person" For Killing "Evil" Mother
Virginia day care worker convicted for torturing toddlers in 'baby fight club'
U.S. Folk Singer to Confront Islamic State in Syria
Martin O'Malley accidentally crashes Ben Carson debate party
US presidential race - will 2016 be the Snapchat election?
Police: Girl stabs boy in neck with pencil on school bus
Rick Santorum says he has now fixed his gay sex 'Google problem'
Crustacean crime: 4,800 pounds of lobster stolen in Cape Sable Island
Sweden: State-funded Muslim Sniper Training
Woman tags sister-in-law on Facebook, faces year in jail
Dentist accidentally exposes his penis to nurse after accidentally showing her a picture of it
American sailors told by Iranian captors to 'act happy'
This Rusty Trashcan Is on Sale for Only $99.95 at Anthropologie
Designers Think Color of Balls is What Puts Women off Sports
US official resigns after dressing a man as an old woman to make the press conference look better
Adolf Hitler's 'Mein Kampf' sells out after week on German bookshelves
Florida man arrested after using wife as 'human mop' following argument over sandwich
US official resigns after dressing a man as an old woman to make a press conference look better
TORONTO RAPTORS PLAYERS SAY MEEK MILL MUSIC IS BANNED FROM BEING PLAYED IN LOCKER ROOM Toronto Raptors players say Meek Mill music is banned from being played in locker room
'GuyFi' booth brings welcome relief to overworked men in NYC
Woman sets up Go Fund Me to recover savings lost on lottery tickets.
A dentist is being sued for harassing staff by constantly playing Christian music
Donald Trumps' pop anthem performed at a Florida rally performed by group of girls
Air Force forced to yank ad for Martin Luther King Jr. Day "fun shoot" target practice
Christian Bale Drops Out of 'Ferrari' Movie Due to Health Concerns Over Weight Loss
Group of "Freedom Kids" Perform a Horrifying Song at a Donald Trump Rally
California nurse was told by son she won the Powerball, but it was a prank
More LCBO Bottles Seized by Police, After Man Buys Vodka Bottle Filled With Water
'Deal from strength or get crushed,' kids sing in bizarre Trump anthem
Fox News Host Eric Bolling Wants Commies Off 'Sesame Street'
Pakistani boy cuts off own hand after blasphemy mistake: police
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to pay $101M in restitution to marathon bombing victims
AdChoices 98 facebook twitter pinterest email comments 40 'Man Flu' Stories Show How We Make Women's Health All About Dudes
Magic Johnson: Oscars Screwed Black People
Monkey experiment suggests that men who catcall have smaller balls
I'd still rather eat at Chipotle and risk food poisoning than eat at Moes Slothwest Grill.
Powerball misfortunes: Nurse was pranked by son
These Men's Rights Activists Are Suing Women for Meeting Without Men
Ouch! Police say woman hit fiance over regifted ring
Woman spends too much money on Powerball, starts GoFundMe page
Woman Who Burned All Her Cash on Losing Powerball Tickets Starts GoFundMe Campaign
Bill banning child marriage fails in Pakistan after it's deemed 'un-Islamic'
This Masturbation Booth Just Popped up in NYC
Fired Taco Bell Exec in Uber Attack Suing Driver for $5 Million
Air Force Apologizes For Planning MLK Jr. Day 'Fun Shoot' At Georgia Base
Obama Says Kendrick Lamar Would Beat Drake In A Rap Feud
Police seek man for stealing $1,500 worth of gum
Naked woman attacks diners during Waffle House rampage
Ben Carson talks up threat of terrorism, Internet comments
'Minecraft' is one of Pornhub's fastest-growing search terms
Tennessee Powerball winners hire a lawyer. Lawyers advice: Have them appear on the Today show, with the lawyer, and the lawyer's daughter. The plans for the winners, "They want a private life".
Ex-Taco Bell exec now suing Uber driver for $5 million
Irish man convinces Selfridges Nutella salesman 'Arsemuck' is an Irish name
Police Mistakes Man's Penis For Deadly Weapon
A mom got tired of her teenage sons not cuddling so she knit a new son who will
Wife finds missing husband's body using smart phone app
Manhattan now has a "Masturbation Booth"
Donald Trump introduced by 'USA Freedom Kids' dancing girl trio
Former Taco Bell Exec Sues Uber Driver He Attacked For $5 Million
Florida man uses wife's head as a mop following argument over sandwich
Sarah Palin Calls Josh Earnest an "Idiot" in Most Mangled, Idiotic Sentence Ever
Day Care Worker Convicted of Running "Baby Fight Club"
Popping Balloons Mistaken for Gun Shots at Arkansas College; School Put on Lockdown, SWAT Team Called
Evansville food cart shut down over sex toys allowed to reopen
Report: Air Force Dumped Remains of 274 Troops in Landfill
Bill O'Reilly promises to 'flee' to Ireland if Bernie Sanders becomes president
Va. day care teacher convicted of cruelty in 'baby fight club'
On-the-run El Chapo found time to fix his penis problem
Drunk Montana deputy repeatedly hits Asian man in the dick after asking him what is the capital of Thailand and yelling "Bangkok"!
There's A Masturbation Booth in NYC Made for Men to Relieve Some Stress During the Workday
Woman creates GoFundMe page asking the world to pay her back for money spent on Powerball tickets
Pornhub Users Search "Minecraft" a Lot
Church built in the shape of a high heel in hopes of attracting women
Who Likes Nickelback? Nobody, Except for Millions
Massive High Heel-Shaped Church Built to Attract Women to Worship in Taiwan
Snow-shovelling man punches snowplow driver in driveway confrontation
Santorum: Economy won't heal until all the children have straight parents
Jeb Bush Gave Marco Rubio A Mythical Sword
Video Surfaces of Hillary Clinton Blaming Homeowners for Financial Crisis
Someone has now sent the Oregon militia 55 gallons of lube to go with their dildos
Yosemite Forced to Change Names
Donald Trump Jam: Presidential hopeful enlists child cheerleaders for 'bizarre' anthem.
Pastafarian could lose his driving licence if cops find him in car WITHOUT colander on his head
Nvidia blames Apple for bug that exposes porn browsing in Chrome's incognito mode
Woman caught running baby 'Fight Club'
Teacher turned nursery into 'Baby Fight Club'
Woman running 'baby fight club' convicted of cruelty
Ex-Taco Bell exec suing Uber driver he attacked.
18 things you should never put in your vagina | Fox News
Charity aplogizes for serving dog food to elderly people
India Tops List As Country With 'Most Selfie Deaths In The World'
15 year-old boy cuts off his own hand after wrongly admitting to blasphemy, family rejoices and congratulates him.
Police officer saves abandoned baby's life by whipping out a boob.
Game that rewards players for killing Indigenous Australians pulled from app stores
Chinese Wives Buy Sex Dolls To Avoid Sex With Their Husbands
NRA rewrites a childhood classic: Little Red Riding Hood (Has a Gun)
GoFundMe Kills Woman's Campaign After She Allegedly Blows Savings on Powerball Tickets
Animal brought back to life after spending 30 years frozen
Chili Bowl driver DQ,d after posing as another driver
Is the word 'ghetto' racist?
Man faces sexual assault, destructive device charges after allegedly holding girlfriend hostage with crossbow, explosives
US Bombing of ISIS Cash Depot Sends Money Flying Everywhere
Trump's daughter-in-law 'likes' a tweet posted by group called 'Fascists 4 Trump'
Power to the poop: one Colorado city is using human waste to run its vehicles
EXCLUSIVE: Duck Commander Phil Robertson endorses Ted Cruz
Taiwanese city builds church in shape of high-heel shoe to attract female worshippers
New York woman faces year in jail for tagging ex-sister-in-law on Facebook and calling her 'stupid'
Plastic bags 'worth £27m' stolen from supermarkets since 5p charge introduced
Woman takes to crowdfunding site to get back her Powerball losses
Company Makes Child-Like Sex Dolls To Prevent Pedophilia
Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson Endorses Ted Cruz for Being 'Godly' and 'Willing to Kill a Duck'
Hillary Clinton campaign deploys husband very carefully
Is that you, Mrs Doubtfire? Rhode Island city official resigns after having a man dress up in DRAG as old woman for a photo op
Manatee deputies free raccoon trapped in Chef Boyardee can
Middle Eastern men taking pictures at Vancouver mall were tourists, not terrorists; came forward after their security footage was disseminated by Vancouver Police
Screech From 'Saved by the Bell' Heads to Jail
Poop Pills Investigated As Obesity Treatment
Fact Checker of Republican Debate Hospitalized for Exhaustion
Pennsylvania horse sex sting: Animals not designed as 'sex toys for the perverted'
Part of passenger's ear bitten off on CTA Orange Line platform
Cannabis Flower-Filled Foosball Table Confiscated At Northern Border
Pastafarian will lose license if caught driving without a collander on his head
Ottawa man shot through wall while sleeping in bedroom
Постинг, что такое постинг? Виды постинга. - Инет Обзоркин.ру
Canadian man arrested while pulling sled with 180lb of pills across US border
Texas student suspended for sharing inhaler
Lauren Schwab and Bobby Webster's Wedding at East Hampton's LongHouse Reserve
Hey youngsters! No pension? No home? No wonder. Look at you!
This says it all
BBC's Sarah Teale harassed while reporting on harassment
Wooly Weirdness: Mother knits life-size onesie of her own sons (PHOTOS)
Former Taco Bell Exec Sues Uber Driver He Was Filmed Beating
White-owned twerk dance studio rejects black instructor, calls her style "basic"
Intimidating crow carrying shank is probably the result of global warming
This cat in my hometown is 4 feet long and 27 pounds. His name is Spock.
Kuwait Airways Drops Flights to Avoid Israeli Passengers
Man Ejaculates on Journalist's Photo and Sends It to Her After She Writes About iPhone App Critically
MP in House of Commons makes Star Trek Puns.
Intimidating crow carrying shank is probably the result of global warming Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2016/01/16/intimidating-crow-carrying-shank-is-probably-the-result-of-global-warming-5627235/#ixzz3xRNse4mC
WWII concentration camp to become luxury resort
Fans Petition For Deadpool Movie PG-13 Version
Taiwan's building a church and it's a giant glass shoe
El Chapo Had Penis Surgery Following Sean Penn Meeting
The newest diet pill: Poop capsules to treat obesity
High fashion: Put your weed in this designer purse to mask the smell
Cranston official resigns after allegedly disguising man as elderly woman for photo-op
GoFundMe Purports to Raise Money for Powerball Loser
Skier loses gun in pow
Official Quits After A Man Was Dressed Up As An Old Lady For Press Conference
Curbside Relief=> Masturbation Booth Pops Up on NYC Street to Help With Mid-day Stress
Design a Snoo mascot for /r/NotTheOnion!
Christian Church member declares War on woman's rights using Refugees and immigrants as a tool.
City official quits after dressing male bus driver up as elderly woman for news conference
Transgender women stoned in Germany
North African men suspected of stoning transgender women in German city
Man charge with attacking Uber driver sues driver for $5 Million
Zoo Tiger Betrayed By The Goat He Thought Was His Friend
Man charged with attacking Uber driver sues driver for $5M
E. Austin man charged with arson after setting fire to rug to prove he isn't 'loser'
Home » Humor » FBI have asked the elderly to stop knocking Oregon militants on their ass FBI have asked the elderly to stop knocking Oregon militants on their ass
Rhode Island official resigns after dressing man as woman to improve event optics
Patient needing lung transplant dies after Jackson Memorial declines transfer
Rhode Island city official has man dress up as old woman for photo op
Former concentration camp being turned into luxury resort with 'party ambience' in Montenegro: Mamula fort was used by Mussolini's fascist forces in the Second World War
Former concentration camp being turned into luxury resort with 'party ambience' in Montenegro
Trump: I might deserve credit for Iran detainees' release
Immigration spends more than Defence on medals for its staff
911 Operator Missed Emergency Call, Was Ordering Pizza
Obama Declares Kendrick Better Than Drake
Sex toy company unveils Manhattan 'GuyFi' booth - including laptop and Internet - for men to 'relieve stress' during the workday
LONDON-BASED COMPANY OPENS FREE MASTURBATION BOOTH IN NYC
Doctor sues mother of his child for emotional damages from unplanned parenthood
Sex Toy Company Erects Public 'Masturbation Booth' In NYC
Former Taco Bell Exec Caught On Video Beating Uber Driver Sues Him Over Tape
Will Forte Debuts Half-Shaved Face at FOX All-Star Party and It Is Seriously Insane
Alberta students to define their own gender: 5 big changes in new school guidelines
Woman spends her savings on Powerball. Asks for donations through GoFundMe to replenish savings.
All-female jello wrestling squad returns to Seattle
He has a dream: Liberty University defends choice of Trump as MLK Day speaker
Girl Falls, Dies While Hopping Rooftops in NYC: Police
Shoplifting suspect in Pennsylvania sees self on TV, surrenders
GoFundMe page for Powerball loser Cinnamon Nicole shut down by site
10-year-old petitions American Girl to make doll for young heart defect patients
Powerball Winner Dies of Overdose After Partying With Hookers
Man dresses as old woman for official's photo op
Prom Dresses 2014 Sequin Strapless Prom Dress by La Femme, New Style Prom Gowns at Cheap Prices
Woman goes to the fireman department because couldn't find the key of chastity belt
Ex-Taco Bell Exec Sues Uber Driver Who Taped Beating
Psychic Landlord Refused To Rent To LGBT Family, Didn't See Lawsuit Coming
Macy's recalls 2 Martha Stewart frying pans after injuries
Taiwan must abandon 'hallucination' of independence, warns Chinese media
Co-Founder of Cards Against Humanity Sends Oregon Militia 55 Gallons of Lube
Woman Spends Life Savings on Powerball Tickets, Starts GoFundMe to Get Her Money Back
Plano Teen Catching Bad Drivers On Camera
City Council dresses up male bus driver as an elderly woman to promote new snow-shoveling service
Trump takes credit for Iran prisoner release
Dutch Man Suspected of Killing Daesh Fighter Could Face Murder Charge
SWAT Standoff Unfolds at San Marcos Mobile Home Park After Man Kills Mom's Turtle
Minister set to clamp down on illegal use of garden blow-up paddling pools
Ted Cruz Wins Prominent New York City Straw Poll AFTER Insulting "New York Values"
Psychic Landlord Refused To Rent To LGBT Family, Didn't See Lawsuit Coming - The New Civil Rights Movement
Texas Middle Schooler Who Had Asthma Attack Is Punished for Accepting Classmate's Inhaler
Winner of 1.5B Powerball Jackpot Dies of Cocaine Overdose, Partying with Hoes
Two German transgender women 'are STONED in the street' by a gang of three North African teenagers in Dortmund who said 'such people' should be killed
The Red Power Ranger Allegedly Killed His Roommate With A Sword
Former 'Power Rangers' actor charged with murder
Day care teacher convicted for running 'baby fight club'
Want a deal on a Papa John's pizza in Russia? Enter promo code 'JOSEF STALIN'
Frozen placentas stolen from Invercargill family in alleged break-in
Father accused of killing his three-year-old son 'because his teenage girlfriend didn't like children and threatened to break up with him'
Kindly Chinese man invites beggar to dinner ... and she abducts his three-year-old granddaughter
Dad Killed Son, 3, In Fear of Losing His Girlfriend Who Disliked Children: Prosecutors
UK man fathers 800 children after peddling his jizz on facebook
Man shovelling snow punches snow plow driver
Брат за брата VE140803001
Outrage at numbers of obese CHILDREN needing weight loss surgery
Meet the robotic cat for the elderly
US woman faces jail time for tagging sister-in-law on Facebook
No groundhog for next Groundhog Day
Italian woman calls the fire brigade after losing the key to her chastity belt.
Donald Trump Once Shaved Vince McMahon Bald In Billionaire Brawl
Black Oregon militiaman: Black Lives Matter can learn from occupiers
'Patriots' distribute pork sandwiches during protest against praying Muslims
SWAT Standoff Unfolds After Man Kills Mom's Pet Turtle
A recent investigation into a well-publicised UFO sighting off the coast of Prince Edward Island has confirmed it was just a potato that someone chucked a pretty good distance.
Don't be fooled by Bernie Sanders - he's a diehard communist
International students, here's what you need to know about guns in America to survive your education
The Co-Founder of Cards Against Humanity Sent the Oregon Militia 55 Gallons of Lube
Whiny Oregon militants vow to 'arrest' county officials who are trying to 'shame and humiliate them'
War of words erupts over whether Ottawa sucks
Donald Trump: 'I have a great relationship with God'
The last clue to find El Chapo: A big order of tacos
Reports that Barack Obama collects amiibo have no basis in fact
Trudeau's Gender-Balanced Cabinet Idea Proves Popular, But Not With Conservative Men: Poll
Two vans of police called to retirement home after a row over snowmen.
These College Students Claim Their Cafeteria Food Is Racist
Powerball Jackpot Winner Dies Of Cocaine Overdose After Partying With Hookers
Chino Hills Powerball Winner Dies Of Cocaine Overdose After Partying With Hookers
Nazi sympathizer Tila Tequila claims to be Hitler reincarnated - begs fans to pay rent.
Come again? Sex firm creates 'masturbation booth' for overworked NYC men
POLICE OFFICER LUISA FERNANDA URREA BREASTFEEDS ABANDONED NEWBORN BABY AND SAVES HER LIFE
The incredible tale of irresponsible chocolate milk research at the University of Maryland
A masturbation booth has actually opened for stressed out guys
Yesterday, Iran has nuclear sanctions lifted. Today - Iran: US imposes new sanctions over missile test
Spain's pet blessings see tails and scales flock to church on Day of Saint Anthony
Rhode Island city official has man dress up as old woman for photo op | WGN-TV
Manziel spotted in 'really good mood' at liquor store
Star Trek stars endorse SNP's bid to establish Europe's first spaceport
NBA fines Matt Barnes $35,000 for saying 'violence is never the answer, but sometimes it is'
Man completes China ice bath chess challenge
Laurentian University professor removed for asking students to agree to profane language
New Scholastic children's book portrays slaves as "happy and joyful"
Anthropologie Is Selling a Rusty Trash Can for $100
First Feature Film Shot Entirely on Prius Backup Camera is a Real Game Changer
Linkin Park Confirms They're Re-Recording Hybrid Theory After Vocalist Seen Buying Blonde Hair Dye
Missing Hong Kong bookseller appears on state television, claiming he turned himself in over 2003 drink-driving death
Pastry shops targeted over copyright infringing star wars and minion cakes
Bush dentist performs surgery with pliers and bat Read
Rubio buys gun on Christmas Eve to protect family from ISIS
Former Taco Bell exec who slapped Uber driver sues him for $5m
Rhode Island Official Resigns After Dressing Man as a Woman to Improve Event Optics
clip xôn xao phần 8|cười bể bụng với nhũng tình huống hài hước
Marco Rubio bought a gun to be 'last line of defense between ISIS and my family'
Bernie Sanders Says He Has Never Worn a Tuxedo
Tourist 'forgets' wife at petrol station in Brazil and drives 60 miles before realising
Hawaii To Buy 1-Way Flights For Homeless People To Keep Them Away From Tourists
Chanting monks become bestselling recording artists
Happy birthday sexist Wikipedia. Why do men still control our history?
Pakistan arrests imam after boy cuts hand off in blasphemy error
Just In Time for MLK Day, Scholastic Releases a Children's Book About George Washington's Happy Slaves
Stolen speech autographed by Obama found in trash
Divorced Parents, Living Close for the Children's Sake
Inmates defy jail guards by barring guards from entering cell for not following "jail protocol"
Police: Man strangled cat, tried to drink its blood
Oregon militia will get 55 gallons of lube for all those dildos
'Communist Revolution' leading online vote on N.L. government site for fiscal fix
CỬA KÍNH TỰ ĐỘNG TRƯỢT, Mua bán, mua ban, rao vặt, rao vat, enbac.net ::
Teenage gymnast creates 'The Dick' move
World War II concentration camp where prisoners were tortured and starved to be transformed into luxury beach resort with a nightclub and spa despite protests from locals
Did Someone Fart Into A Microphone During The Steelers-Broncos Game?
'Swedish Fritzl' accused of drugging and raping woman in dungeon
Days before he was to move into apartment, Indy man dies alone, under a bridge
McDonald's customer pays at drive-through with cash, heroin
British man named George Bush sentenced for selling monkey body parts on eBay
Authorities: Canadian man pulled 200 pounds of Xanax into Vermont on a sled
Chinese people are most likely to feel the world is getting better
Congressman Who Voted For Drug Testing Food Stamp Recipients Busted For Cocaine
David Bowie tops US album chart for the first time
Congressman Trey Radel, Busted On Cocaine Charge, Voted For Drug Testing Food Stamp Recipients
Awkward! Woman turns up at fire station to be freed from chastity belt
Italian woman asks for help from firefighters after losing keys to her chastity belt
Man will lose his licence if he's caught driving without a colander on his head
Alex Salmond would take out Donald Trump in boxing ring - bookies
Martin O'Malley Begs For Ten Seconds to Answer Question About Drug/Police Reform, He Is Denied
Naked artist Deborah de Robertis arrested for posing nude next to Manet's Olympia
Flowers Rhymes for children
Washington Post wants you to use the term "nutritious" versus "healthy"
SA Presidency apologises for Zuma saying Africa is world's biggest continent
Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch man refused delivery after being told address doesn't exist
A world divided: Elites descend on Swiss Alps amid rising inequality
Chelsea Clinton Tried to Care About Money But Couldn't
Woman sets up a GoFundMe page claiming she spent all her life savings on Powerball lottery tickets
Head of Russian Orthodox Church blames the rise of Isis on the 'godless' world's acceptance of homosexuality
Study that found diet drinks help to lose weight was funded by...Coca-Cola & PepsiCo
A recent study that said Diet Coke can help you lose weight was quietly funded by Coca-Cola
Scholastic Pulls Children's Book Portraying Enslaved Africans of George Washington as 'Happy and Joyful'
What a drag: US official resigns after 'making middle-aged male bus driver dress up as elderly woman in stunt gone wrong'
Arkansas governor wants Civil War icon separated from MLK holiday
Fact Checker at Republican Debate Hospitalized for Exhaustion
Man who attacked Uber driver in viral vide decides to sue
ISIS salaries cut in half due to "exceptional circumstances"
Papa John's in hot water over 'Stalin' pizza
American folk singer heading to Syria to sing songs of peace to ISIS
Free "Stalin" pizza leaves a bitter taste in Russia
Mathematicians invent new way to slice pizza into exotic shapes
Man Who Sent Selfie to Replace His Mugshot Is Arrested
Does new Top Gear presenter Chris Evans suffer from car sickness?
Oregon Musician claims he'll stop ISIS with peacee songs at Syrian concert
Leonardo Dicaprio: 'I would love to play Vladimir Putin'
Women putting herb balls in vagina to 'detox their wombs' have been warned of dangers
Italian woman goes to firefighters to help get chastity belt removed
Rhode Island Official Resigns After Hiring Man to Dress as Elderly Woman
Oregon Folk Singer Heading to Syria to Sing Songs of Peace to ISIS
We've hit peak home furnishings, says Ikea boss
Video game based on Pakistan school massacre is withdrawn
Foster children removed from home of Oregon militant, says he's now lost his 'main source of income'
Militant Says Foster Children Were Pulled From His Home
Tesla Says its Latest Car Is 100% Vegan
Drug trial participant dies, 5 others hospitalized in France
NHS chief to introduce sugar tax in hospitals to tackle UK obesity crisis
Woman gets fat, sues coupon websites for her junk food frenzy
Muscovite Who Went on Junk Food Feeding Frenzy Sues Coupon Websites
Apple demands widow get court order to access dead husband's password
Hunter kills two elk before realizing he was shooting through fence into zoo
The North Dakota Crude Oil Is Worth Less Than Nothing
Police: Man Who Sent Selfie to Replace Mugshot Is Arrested
Giant snow penis causes headache in Gothenburg
North Korea invents 'hangover-free alcohol'
Brazil says pregnant women should ask doctor before visiting
In The Event Of A Plane Crash, This Invention Could Save Everyone's Life
FORMER TACO BELL EXECUTIVE SUES UBER DRIVER HE ATTACKED FOR $5M
Florida man gets DUI after nodding off in Taco Bell drive-thru
Cher Shares Icelandic Water in Michigan
Woman who was dumped by boyfriend for 'being too large' has bar of SOAP made from her own FAT after getting liposuction - then sends it to him as a parting gift
Arkansas governor seeks to end MLK and Robert E Lee shared holiday
Report: 1 in 10 college grads say Judge Judy is a Supreme Court justice
Tourist 'forgets wife' at petrol station and drives on for 60 miles
Woman Caught Smuggling 50 Pounds of Pot in a Foosball Table
Third teacher from same La. school busted for sex with teen
Adblock Plus just got un-invited from the internet advertising industry's big conference
Oil price falls below $28 a barrel, or less than the cost of an actual barrel
'Minecraft" Becomes Popular Search Term on Pornhub
Oregon Militant Regrets Losing Main Source Of Income: Foster Kids
Woman creates GoFundMe campaign to reimburse money spent on Powerball tickets
Bill Murray Shocks The Country: I Am Running For President In 2016
UofMN first in nation to offer major in disc golf!
Former Taco Bell executive sues the Uber driver he attacked for $5M
Bill Murray Announces 2016 Presidential Run
John Kerry declares Obama's work with Iran a success: 'The world is a safer place today'
Refugees in Denmark find surprise ally in Hells Angels
Air Force base apologises for Martin Luther King 'Fun Shoot' posters
Portland Community College to devote an entire month to 'whiteness'-shaming
Glasgow's Ryan Wilson cited for 'grabbing Lee Dickson's testicles'
Washington man allegedly left children in car while watching football game
K facebook twitter pinterest linkedin email comments 1 K The 62 Richest People On Earth Now Hold As Much Wealth As The Poorest 3.5 Billion
Clowns mock Finland's anti-immigrant street patrols
Politician who wanted to drug test food stamp recipients busted for cocaine possession
Excrete customised poo jewellery with Nikolas Gregory's Ripley kit
Man robs casino, is arrested an hour later while gambling at a nearby casino.
Belarus puts up its first satellite for profit, not prestige
Intoxicated Wisconsin woman stole deputy's car at Juneau County gas station
Republican presidential nominee Marco Rubio bought a gun to 'protect his family from Isis'
270 dogs do Yoga to create a 'doga' world record in Hong Kong
Kanye West 'planning David Bowie tribute album' with star 'determined' to continue legend's work
Hillary Supporters: REPEAL the BILL of RIGHTS Petition Signed After Told She Needs Help for the Plan
In Rural Alabama, a Longtime Mistrust of Medicine Fuels a Tuberculosis Outbreak
After Paul Ryan Funds Visas for 300,000 Muslim Migrants, House Republicans Give Him Standing Ovation
Coach Ron Rivera bans hoverboards after Panthers players caught drag racing
Sean Penn defends meeting with El Chapo
Former London public toilet on sale for $1.4 million
Woman could face jail time after tagging ex-sister-in-law on Facebook
Chris Christie's Beef With Michelle Obama's Healthy Eating Initiative
Scientists have found that smoking weed does not make you stupid after all
Donald Trump promises to make Apple manufacture in US instead of China
5 foot shark found in condominium pool. Irrational childhood fears confirmed
North Korea scatters one million propaganda leaflets over South Korea
Apple asked widow for court order when she sought late husband's password: Woman supplied Apple will and death certificate, but it wasn't enough
Donald Trump says he will get Apple to 'start building their damn computers and things' in the US
Pregnant Daughter of Peace Activist Wounded in West Bank Terror Attack
911 call goes unanswered; dispatcher was ordering pizza
Take a weed break at work. It's allowed!
Minor League hockey player burns love letters, calls 911 to put out the fire
Amy Schumer, star of Inside Amy Schumer, berates a kid who eventually apologizes because he implies she sleeps around.
Trump Says He Will Force Apple to Manufacture in the US Even Though That Makes Absolutely No Sense
Mom Gives Up Anti-Vax Stance Just Before 7 Children Get Whooping Cough
Barrel of oil now costs less than price of the actual barrel
Manager sent off for racism by calling a player by his last name (link in Portuguese, translation on the comments) (Stolen from /r/soccer)
Homeschooling Family Sued By Neighbors For Allowing Kids To Play Outside During The Day
Why some Koreans make $10,000 a month to eat on camera
Obese man who killed a donkey when he sat on it and caused its insides to 'explode' at a Spanish nativity display is taken to court by animal charity
MINISTRY OF INNOVATION / BUSINESS OF TECHNOLOGY In NYC, pay phones become free Wi-Fi hotspots-and masturbation stations
Adblock Plus just got uninvited from the internet-advertising industry's big conference
Why should you be more like Bill?
China publishes 'verified living buddha' list
Miss Colombia to Steve Harvey: Learn to read
Skier loses handgun in crash
In NYC, pay phones become free Wi-Fi hotspots-and masturbation stations
Chris Christie: Keep the White House out of the cafeteria
German man with Hitler moustache attacks refugees using swastika helmet before doing Nazi salute
U.K. Parliament Debates Whether to Ban Donald Trump
SKIER LOSES LOADED HANDGUN AT JACKSON HOLE MOUNTAIN RESORT, FINDS IT AT LOST-AND-FOUND
Release claiming chocolate milk improves concussion symptoms in student athletes is out-of-bounds
North Korea Is Newest Frontier for a Daredevil Investor
$101 million Noah's Ark rises in Kentucky - Jesus-riding dinosaurs and all
Ikea exec says we've hit 'peak home furnishings'
China Built a Mall Modeled After the Pentagon And Now It's Nearly Abandoned Who wouldn't want to shop in a colossal, impossible-to-navigate, derelict five-sided mall?
Swedish man who kept woman in bunker 'never meant to hurt anyone': lawyer
China Built a Mall Modeled After the Pentagon And Now It's Nearly Abandoned
Study: Your Farts Can Prevent Cancer And Are Good For People Around You.
Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGBLUE MONDAY SNOWHATTON GARDENJUNIOR DOCTORS STRIKESIAN BLAKE Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News Weird News Religion Pastafarian could lose his driving licence if cops find him in car WITHOUT colander on his head
Kanye West Missing After Taking Game Of Hide And Seek Way Too Seriously
Woman glued to a toilet seat at Walmart in Liberty
Pastor LeAndria johnson sexting online
Edward Snowden: Stop Sliding into My DMs With Nude Pics
ANAL HAZING Remains An Epidemic In American High Schools
Police Find Kids in Trunk of Tennessee Tutor's Car
Bio-engineering vaginas not about peach smell, company says
Would your cat let you do this? Trendy cafe launches yoga class for felines
Jim Harbaugh will climb a tree to get to a recruit's heart
Woman Asks Italian Fire Crew To Cut Her Free From Chastity Belt After Losing Key
Apple demands elderly widow get court order to restore Apple ID
[98.99 €] A line Falte Mieder Rückenfreies Ärmelloses Abendkleid mit Schmetterlingsknoten - BuyKleid.com
Hospital says sorry to woman bitten by ferret
Carolina Panthers Head Coach Ron Rivera Bans Hoverboards After Panthers Players Caught Drag Racing
Carolina Panthers Head Coach Ron Rivera bans hoverboards because Panthers were caught drag racing
Pakistani teen cuts off hand after cleric accuses him of blasphemy
Pakistani game based on school massacre removed after it is called 'distasteful' by social media users
Dog Fugitives Lead Cops On Freeway Chase
Australia Day lamb ad featuring Lee Lin Chin does not incite hatred against vegans, Advertising Standards Board rules
The Nazis Were Socialists, Not Right-Wingers
How mutton flaps are killing Tonga
Trump Pledges to Make God Great Again
Dubai: Gym removes ad which suggests women being overweight turns straight men gay
Spider-Man Comes Unstuck Because Size Matters
Robber gives victim weed after stealing cash & pizza says report
Arrest made after daylight shopping centre brawl involving chainsaw, shovel
No. of suicides in Japan drops below 25,000 for first time in 18 years
Activision sued by family of Black Ops 2 Angolan rebel chief
Redditor claims meth is rampant in Brisbane
North Korea claims to have invented the world's first hangover-free alcohol
Introducing The Ninebot Mini Pro for some serious riding.
Donald Trump branded a 'fool', 'buffoon' and 'wazzock' by British MPs
Teen Waiter Discovers $20 Tip Is Actually A Bible Pamphlet In Disguise
Prophet says God told him to set member ablaze
Poster faces year in UAE jail for Facebook fox image
Man fined for poisoning colleague's drink with love potion
Students at Oxford University vote to change name of "Rhodes" Computer Room before realising room was not actually named after "Rhodes Must Fall" antagonist, British Colonialist, Cecil Rhodes (Cherwell)
Japan rejoices as boyband Smap says it is not splitting up
Lamb chop weight enforcers want warrantless access to Australians' metadata
Nut-rage incident prompts South Korea to amend aviation law - Country toughens punishments on unruly passengers after incident involving daughter of Korean Air boss and bag of macadamias.
What do you do if you have more kids than seats in your car? This Tennessee teach has the answer.
Vladimir Putin's Internet adviser owns a torrent site
EMS Official Dies of Heart Attack After Responding to Car Crash Involving His Daughter
Spanish-language giant Univision has acquired controlling stake in satirical news site, TheOnion
Woman arrested after Facebook confession about murdering her boyfriend
Scholastic pulls children's book showing George Washington's slaves smiling
Giant House Cat Mistaken For Bobcat Scares Neighbors in San Jose
Kim Jong-un 'invents alcohol that DOESN'T give you a hangover'
Spy agency MI5 named Britain's most gay-friendly employer
South Charleston man living MLK dream; opens new BBQ restaurant
Australian Judge Finds Muslim "Cultural Differences" Valid Excuse for Rape
Bihar to abolish literacy by 2016, electricity by 2017 and law and order by 2019
Too Many People Still Use Terrible Passwords
Indonesian VP: Excuse our haze, blame the wind
Chinese exchange student fatally shot after car crash
Man who attacked Uber driver while drunk files $5 million lawsuit
'Jeopardy!' episode ends without a winner after contestants get stumped on state capital question
Trump: Apple should build 'their damn things' in US
Aggressive drivers are road terrorists
Perrysburg woman arrested for DWI after leaving an AA meeting
A moose-hunter and his hovercraft tell the Supreme Court Alaska is different
Men Can Now Relieve Stress During The Workday Inside NYC's First Masturbation Booth|The Gaily Grind
Tanzanian President bans miniskirts in bid to curb spread of HIV/Aids
North Korea's latest boast: Alcohol without the hangover
Everything must go in the HMV Cardiff closing down sale - even fixtures, fittings and life-size models of Shrek
MI5 named UK's most gay-friendly employer after survey
Your home is teeming with 'quiet and benign roommates,' say scientists
Feds spend $406,875 texting Latino men telling them to exercise
Press restricted from interviewing Muslim women at PM's event to give Muslim women a voice
North Korea says it has invented hangover-free alcohol
Liquor wins quality medal for preserving national smack
Taiwan's giant 'shoe church' gains foothold
Company will pay you 50 cents a barrel to take their oil.
Univision just bought America's finest news source
Arrests in Israel over Auschwitz price-fixing claims
Company will pay you 50 cents to take their barrel of oil
Scientists Discover Why Spider-Man Wouldn't Be Able To Scale Walls In Real Life -- The superhero would need size 114 feet, say scientists.
Iron Maiden is releasing a free-to-play mobile RPG
Petition Launched for PG-13 "Deadpool" Cut
Koch brothers want North Dakota companies to pay them to take oil as of 1/15/16
Former MARVEL Writer Launches Fan Petition For PG-13 Version of DEADPOOL
Down's Syndrome people risk 'extinction' at the hands of science, fear and ignorance
'Minecraft Porn' Is Fighting Its Way To The Top Of Pornhub's Most Popular Searches!
Iron Maiden Releasing A Mobile RPG
Someone has drawn a penis on thin ice and officials don't know what to do about it
Disney Actor Officially Dating Fangirl Who's Been Tweeting Him For Five Years
St. Paul Police Sergeant Accused of Encouraging Drivers to Run Over Black Lives Matter Protestors
Italian Woman Loses Key to Chastity Belt, Has to Ask Fire Department to Help Her Out
St. Paul police sergeant allegedly urged drivers to hit Black Lives Matter protesters
Auschwitz price-fixing claims: Israel police arrest nine
How Elon Musk Stole My Car
Tracy Morgan talks coma on Jimmy Fallon - Business Insider
Pa. dad leaves 3 kids in freezing car to watch football, cops say
3D Printed Fetus Top Parenting Trend 2016
it support desk lancaster
NASCAR INTRODUCES CAUTION CLOCK IN NCWTS
Jennifer Newman: Employees will have to work faster, be more independent in the future
Alexander Litvinenko: the man who solved his own murder
This War Will Destabilize The Entire Mideast Region And Set Off A Global Shockwave Of Anti-Americanism vs. No It Won't
Teen girl uses 'crazy strength' to lift burning car off dad
Kim Davis' Lawyer Compares Her To Martin Luther King Jr.
'Racism' row after councillor mimics French accent in council meeting
Alabama man accused of using replica Civil War sword in fatal stabbing
Entertainment | Tue Jan 19, 2016 12:47pm EST Related: ENTERTAINMENT Spike Lee urges affirmative action in Hollywood, Michael Moore joins boycott
North Korea claims to invent 'alcohol which doesn't give you hangover'
Jim Harbaugh plans sleepover with recruit
Chapo Guzman's taco order led police to his door
Report: Germany's Tornado Recon Jets 'Can't Fly at Night'
David Bowie Turned Down a Coldplay Collaboration, Saying "It's Not a Very Good Song"
Report: 10% of college graduates think Judge Judy is on the Supreme Court
PhDs couldn't tell an actor from a renowned scientist
Twitter outage prevents Twitter fans from griping about Twitter outage
Ron Rivera bans hoverboards inside Panthers' facility
Giant 27-Pound House Cat Named Spock Gets Mistaken for Bobcat
Waiter was annoyed after $20 tip turned out to be fake
North Korea claims defector returned for 'free healthcare and no taxes'
Head transplant carried out in monkey, claims maverick surgeon
UAE issues warrants for men filmed dancing 'outrageously' in uniform
Feds Spend $400K Telling Latino Men to Exercise via Text
Young woman freezes to death after leaving party without coat
Amazon's delivery drones can avoid trees and other obstacles, but not the bullets people keep shooting at them
China Box Office: 'Star Wars' Loses Weekend to Chinese Film 'Boonie Bears 3'
'Minecraft' Becomes Fastest Growing Search Term...On Pornhub?
'Filthiest home in Houston' gets at least 13 offers
David Bowie Shot Down a Coldplay Collaboration: "It's Not a Very Good Song, Is It?"
Doctor accused of ejaculating on a patient's face.
Muslims warn anti-terror laws could prevent teaching from Koran
Tumblr's Newest Target Is Jon Arbuckle, Garfield's Horrible Owner
Minnesota Neighborhood Pranked by Frozen Pants
Jake T. Austin Dating Fangirl After She Pursues Him On Twitter For Years
White Castle now accepting reservations for Valentine's Day
Not a hoax: Univision buys stake in 'Onion'
Report: Woman asks Italian firefighters for help to unlock chastity belt
Citing 'Two Corinthians,' Trump Struggles To Make The Sale To Evangelicals
Poll: 10% of college graduates think Judge Judy on SCOTUS
Thieves steal truck full of cheese and roll it outside Toronto. They were caught trying to hail a cab, police say
Germany's Tornado reconnaissance jets 'can't fly at night': report
Someone has drawn a giant penis on thin ice and officials don't know what to do about it
German Tornado jets can't fly night missions in Syria due to cockpit lighting problem - Bild
The Carolina Panthers' Secret Weapon: Waffle House
These £21 tablets let you control what happens in your dreams
Trump lands Palin endorsement
Donald Trump says he's going to make Apple build computers in the US
Donald Trump Says He'll Make Apple Manufacture Its 'Damn' Products in the US
Supreme Court must decide the value of a dog
Before becoming a crying meme, Michael Jordan played basketball
Cars, Toys, and Aspirin Have to Meet Mandatory Safety Standards. Guns Don't. Here's Why.
Building where Bill of Rights was born partially demolished
Jeb Bush mispronounces the name of Obama's daughter
Cambrian Period: Facts & Information
Neb. Man with 'N-Word Obama' Sign in Window Admits: 'It Might be a Little Racist'
State lawmaker in Olympia asks visiting teens if they're virgins
Pro-Immigration Filmmakers Go To Refugee Camp, Get Robbed
How Soylent and Oculus Could Fix The Prison System
Sarah Palin endorses Donald Trump for Republican Presidential Nomination
Conservative councillor names son after Margaret Thatcher
Study Finds Majority of Americans Would Rather Die of E. coli Than Not Eat at Chipotle
Tory councillor names son after Margaret Thatcher
'Star Wars' is now one of the most popular passwords
Former VP candidate Palin endorses Trump in 2016 race
Waffle House gives the Panthers a different kind of home-field advantage
Japan's plan to drop swastikas as temple symbol sparks backlash
Sarah Palin to endorse Donald Trump
Aspen: Skier reportedly pushes snowboarder off chairlift
Nearly 10 percent of college grads think Judge Judy is on Supreme Court
Officers ask driver for his ID, he shows them his new rap CD, cops say
Sarah Palin just endorsed Donald Trump. But does it matter?
Donald Trump presidential bid gets Sarah Palin backing
It's Official: Sarah Palin Is Endorsing Donald Trump for President
Freed Iranians Never Boarded Flight Out of US
Father accused in son's beating death 'whipped the teen with a belt to change his mind about leaving New York church during a brutal 12-hour 'counseling session' also involving his wife, daughter and three others
Parents beat their sons in church to get them to confess sins
Parents charged with beating teen son to death during session to "confess sins"
Woman loses key to chastity belt, asks fire crew for help
Way Too Many College Graduates Think Judge Judy is a Supreme Court Justice
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad revealed to have Jewish past
No sanction for BBC's Carol Kirkwood over 'cold as f*ck' weather forecast
Top Gear host Chris Evans 'suffers from car sickness' whilst filming Top Gear
Max Temkin sends Oregon militia group lube
Alberta students to define their own gender: 5 big changes in new school guidelines... The world has gone fucking crazy.
Jeb Bush Just Called President Obama's Daughter "Malala"
Track Palin, Sarah Palin's son, allegedly battered girlfriend, waved around AR-15 during drunken fight at ex-governor's Wasilla home
Beggars moved on from Fremantle streets as spare change collection points unveiled
Every Single Movie Critic In North America Hated 'Norm of the North'
Triple Crown winner American Pharoah voted world's top horse
Voice actor behind Squidward in 'SpongeBob SquarePants' arrested on suspicion of DUI
Dr. David Newman, Charged With Ejaculating On Patient's Face, Surrenders
Woman Asks Firefighters to Cut Her Free From Her Chastity Belt
MSNBC Guest: Trump's 'Alt-Right' Fans 'Childless Single Men Who Masturbate to Anime'
Desperate woman calls fire department after losing key to chastity belt
Canadian news with an unfortunate choice of image
Metallica Sues 8th Grader Over Hand-Drawn Logo on Notebook
Sarah Palin endorses Donald Trump at Iowa rally
Sarah Palin Endorses Donald Trump
UK study confirms police hold the same beliefs as normal people
The oceans will contain more plastic than fish by 2050
Sarah Palin endorses Donald Trump for president
Palin Endorsement Widens Trump's Lead Among Idiots
Chainsaw, shovel fight blocks Surf Coast highway in Geelong
Australian study reveals the disease fighting powers of bee semen
I live in a 'terrorist house': police speak to Muslim boy, 10, over spelling error
Chinese Restaurant Forced To Take Down Their Giant Naked Buddhas
Oregon Militiamen Blowing Shofarim Thinking They're "Battle Trumpets" (title changed to actually reflect story)
Oregon Militants Literally Toot Their Own Horns, Er, Shofars
Racist Trump supporters "masturbate to anime", says GOP strategist
8 Everyday ways to have a brain bleed
Ya'alon [israeli Defense Minister] : I would prefer Islamic State to Iran in Syria
WATCH: Florida valet accidentally sets Lamborghini on fire
Deer found dead on side of road taken to Chinese restaurant
New York Police Officer Fired For Identifying As A Juggalo
Camouflaged partygoer claims he was dressed as a solider and not a 'suicide bomber'
Arsenal fan gets married in full kit
Pennsylvania Chinese restaurant caught with deer brains and heads on its premises | Daily Mail Online
Rhode Island official resigns after PR stunt that involved senior center bus driver dressed as woman
North Korea says it's brewing 'hangover-free' alcohol
Cat resembling Adam Driver adopted after photo went viral
A Man's Fitbit Captured the Exact Moment he Felt Heartbreak
University president allegedly says struggling freshmen are bunnies that should be drowned
Bill would require S.C. journalists to register with government
Muslim boy questioned by police after misspelling 'terraced' as 'terrorist'
Charsada University Attack Peshawar 20 Jan 2016
Byron Bay Bluesfest noise has destroyed local koala population, says ecologist
Genital Ebola hits Africa
British sniper investigated 'for shooting dead Iraqi grenade attacker - because he didn't warn him first'
APPLE DEMANDS WIDOW GET COURT ORDER FOR PASSWORD
Zimbabwean Student in Court for Modelling Without Underwear
Facebook Is Adding Tor Support To The Android App
Thông tin chi tiết khuyến mãi Mobifone
Netflix is unsure of God's plan for television
Woman loses key to chastity belt (yes, those are still a thing)
Tactical Yoga Pants from 5.11 Tactical
Jeb Bush keeps calling Malia Obama Malala
Muslim boy, 10, probed for 'terrorist house' spelling error
North Korea invents liquor that leaves you with no hangover!
Bill Murray is running for president
A 21-Year-Old Woman Froze To Death After Leaving A House Party In Shorts
Science rules out real-life Spider-Man
Are beards good for your health?
Pair tried to hijack taxi with a pizza cutter, court told
GCHQ-built phone voice encryption has massive backdoor
Afghanistan in the 60s
Jamie Foxx Says 'I'm Not a Hero' After Rescuing Man From Burning Car
Dog owners warned about danger of "horrific injuries" from throwing sticks
Amy Schumer, Self-Identified Slut, Shames a Teenage Boy Who Suggested She's a Slut
Japanese pop-star wins right to have a boyfriend in a landmark court ruling.
Gender kerfuffle erupts after Nyack puppet show
Couple Jailed For Park Bench Sex Romp
Jeb Bush calls President Obama's daughter 'Malala'
acid wash gilbert az
Dead deer on side of road taken to Chinese restaurant
Former Netanyahu aide calls US ambassador 'little Jew boy'
Jeb Bush mispronounces name of Obama's eldest daughter
German police seek man with Hitler mustache that assaulted two
Largest known prime number discovered in Missouri
GOP Strategist: Trump Supporters Are 'Single Men Who Masturbate To Anime'
Shelter Cat Looks Like 'Force Awakens' Star Adam Driver, Gets Adopted as a Result
Swim coach applied 'tickle torture', denies indecent assault, court told
GOP strategist slams 'crazy' Trump fans: 'Childless single men who masturbate to anime'
British boy investigated after 'terrorist house' spelling error
Report Claims 9.6% Of Recent College Grads Think Judge Judy Is On U.S. Supreme Court
GOP strategist says Trump supporters are "childless single men who masturbate to anime"
Madison Heights man charged with trespassing with gun, bacon
Domino's apologise for "misguided marketing humour" after sex doll appears in Shoreham store
China issues list of officially recognised 'living Buddhas'
Dog owners warned about danger of "horrific injuries" from throwing sticks Read more: http://www.wscountytimes.co.uk/news/offbeat-news/dog-owners-warned-about-danger-of-horrific-injuries-from-throwing-sticks-1-7170947#ixzz3xnBk1dEM
McDonald's Japan to serve chocolate-covered fries
Janitor throws wild party at school for birthday
Saskatchewan Newspaper Admits There's No News On Its Front Page
12 Things Sarah Palin Just Said, In What We Can Only Assume Is Real Life
Japan to drop the swastika from its tourist maps
Kanye West wants to cover David Bowie - and there is no one more fitting
The Most Mystifying lines of Sarah Palin's Endorsement Speech
Colorado: Snowboarder maliciously pushed from chairlift doesn't report incident because it was a "Powder Day, Bro!"
Huntsville woman indicted for theft 6 weeks after being killed in her home
Princess Charlotte, Aged 8 Months, Voted UK's Most Influential Person
Muslim schoolboy, 10, quizzed by police after writing "I live in a terrorist house" when he meant to write "terraced"
Man Arrested For DUI Claims That His Dog Was The One Driving Under The Influence
Adblock Plus blocked from attending online ad industry's big annual conference
Actor Bill Murray Announces 2016 Presidential Run
Thousands Sign Petition Against Kanye West Recording A David Bowie Cover Album For No Reason
Colombia tells women 'don't get pregnant' to avoid Zika risk
'Can't make this stuff up': Ont. driver charged for snowy windshield
By 2050 there will be more plastic than fish in the world's oceans, study says
Plastic to Outweigh Marine Life by 2050
Police question Muslim boy, 10, for saying he lived in 'terrorist' house when he meant 'terraced'
Palin's endorsement widens Trump's lead among idiots
Jake T. Austin dating fan who Twitter-stalked for 6 years
Jake T. Austin Is Now Dating One of His Twitter Fangirls
Noah's Ark Rises In Kentucky, Dinosaurs and all.
North Korea's latest invention - Hangover Free booze
Oregon Man Sentenced to 30 Days in Jail -- for Collecting Rainwater on His Property
Dinosaurs Ride In Noah's Ark At $101 Million Theme Park In Kentucky
Frozen jeans put up for display in Northeast prove to be pretty cool.
Iran regrets banning the word 'wine' in print before writing the decree outlining the ban.
Overfishing Responsible For Declining Fish Population
R. Kelly Claims He Doesn't Know Who Dave Chappelle Is and Doesn't Want to Urinate on Anyone
Rapper arrested after showing police his mixtape instead of driving licence
"What is she, Eva Peron?": Sophie Grégoire-Trudeau's bizarre song hijacks MLK Day
Pit bull owner turns in 'decoy dog' after brutal attack
Black Lives Matters Releases Sex Tape to get Media Coverage.
Kanye West petition: Thousands protest against rapper recording David Bowie tribute album
Paul likens Trump to Gollum from 'Lord of the Rings'
Jim Harbaugh And Recruit Connor Murphy 'Netflix And Chill'
MSNBC guest accuses Trump supporters of being childless single men who masturbate to anime.
Beleaguered Pakistani Tourist: I Said My Suitcase Was "THE Bomb" Not "A Bomb"
10% of US College Graduates think that Judge Judy form TV is on the Supreme Court
This Man's Fitbit Captured The Exact Moment He Felt Heartbreak
Rock Legend Animal Dies Aged 66
Wyoming spending big to save coal, 'whether it makes any sense or not'
North Korea claims it developed hangover-free alcohol
Danish town orders kindergarten to serve pork
Woman leaves party in shorts, freezes to death
Donald Trump Weighs In on Oscars 2016 Boycott: 'The Whites Don't Get' BET Nominations
GOP Consultant Rick Wilson to MSNBC: Trump Supporters 'Childless Single Men Who Masturbate to Anime'
Kevin Garnett slaps Ryan Anderson in face, Anderson called for foul
Donald Trump on Oscars diversity: It's a tough situation, and as others have noted, 'the whites' don't get BET awards
'Moving snowbank with wheels' draws ticket for Ontario driver
British Cops Question Boy Over 'Terrorist' Spelling Error
Cat that looks like Adam Driver gets internet famous - and then adopted
Kuwait deports men for plant-cutting
Rapper Arrested for Giving Cop His "Mixtape" Instead of His Driver's License
GOP strategist calls Trump supporters 'childless single men who masturbate to anime'
WWII concentration camp to be turned into a luxury resort in Montenegro
Muslim boy questioned after mistakenly writing he lived in a 'terrorist house'
Darth Vader Baby Onesies Recalled for Posing Choking Hazard
Hawaii Councilman Uses Tinder In Senate Campaign
Darth Vader Baby Onesie Recalled... For Choking Hazard
S.C. Legislator Says He Punked the Press With Journalist Registry Bill
Canadian man uses sled to smuggle 180 pounds of Xanax into the U.S.
Deputies: Man killed in dispute over touching truck
Two drug smugglers turn themselves in. Cops had no idea they were there.
State lawmaker asks visiting teens if they're virgins
Deputies: Florida man killed after fight over touching a truck
Tajikistan shaves 13,000 men's beards to end radicalism
3-year-old French toddler chokes to death on hidden Kinder egg toy
Facebook should have 'acquaintance' category: study
US Marines brutally ambushed and defeated by Norwegian kids
Norwegian Newspaper Runs an Obituary for Santa
Puppy Stolen, Traded for Crack, Is Found and OK
Tiny robot could give slow sperm a speed boost
Bourbaki's theorem: a hoax math lecture
Kentucky county's top official shoots down smoking ban for absurd reason: 'I'm not black and I'm not Obama'
Unhappy St-Denis St. business owner causes scene, jumps in construction hole
AP Photo/File 10% of college grads think Judge Judy is member of Supreme Court, poll reveals
10% of college grads think Judge Judy is member of Supreme Court, poll reveals
Trump: Don't Worry About All-White Oscars Because BET Awards Are All-Black
Senate bill aims to make school lunches tastier
Grayson Co. Judge Executive during public meeting: 'I'm not black and I'm not Obama'
To ensure every child wins, association removes ball from soccer
Palin links son's domestic-violence arrest to Obama's neglect of veterans
Poll: Ten Percent of College Graduates Believe Judge Judy Is On The Supreme Court
Man Imprisoned for Attempting to Seduce 'Dance Mom' Star
Officials warn: Don't flush your goldfish as "giant goldfish are becoming a problem in Minnesota lakes"
Chesterfield neighbors concerned bed and breakfast will bring crime
'Law and Order' director pleads guilty to child pornography
10-year-old boy questioned by police over spelling mistake
James Franco to star opposite James Franco in HBO porn drama
Sarah Palin blames her son's domestic violence arrest on Obama
Volvo promises deathproof cars by 2020
MSNBC Guest: Trump Supporters 'Childless Single Men Who Masturbate to Anime'
Palin Says Son's Arrest Linked to PTSD, Obama's Stance on Vets
Palin Blames Son's Domestic Violence on Obama
Three-year-old French girl chokes to death on a Kinder Egg toy
The Rock named No. 1 international box office star in 2015
OPP issue ticket to driver operating 'moving snowbank with wheels'
Darth Vader infant onesie recalled for posing choking hazard
Crispin Blunt MP: 'I use poppers and oppose 'stupid' ban idea'. Repost from /r/unitedkingdom
Sarah Palin, in speech at Trump rally, blames President Obama for son Track's PTSD and domestic violence arrest
High School Student Disarms Gunman, Gets...Suspended?
Sarah Palin Blames President Obama, PTSD for Son's Problems
U.k. Mp likes poppers, says don't ban it
Drug traffickers get high, call Idaho cops to turn themselves in
Why is Leslie Nielsen STILL dead?
British Police quiz Muslim boy who misspelt 'terraced' as 'terrorist'
Ten percent of college grads think Judge Judy sits on the U.S. Supreme Court.
Soccer League organised exclusively for fat players with BMIs of over 30
Cali man threatened to shoot up Muslim civil rights group after watching Fox News for a week
After uprooting a 945 year old tree to move it 500 km away just for an exhibition, Erdogan said: "Hopefully it will thrive here"
Why an Oregon college thinks 'Whiteness History Month' is a good idea
Concerned citizens report 'Homeless Jesus' statue as vulnerable person out in the cold
Knife-wielding thieves steal ice cream truck
Florida man beheads dog that 'looked at him weird' with medieval ax, also kills duck in animal sacrifice
Buddhist upset at stepping on insect slashes 160 tyres in one East Yorkshire village.
Tyre slasher was upset for 'standing on an insect'
After killing of cross-dressing vodou priest, Miami-Dade man pleads guilty
Concerned citizens report 'Homeless Jesus' statue
Can you complete these Dwight Schrute quotes?
Man beheads dog, duck as part of animal sacrifice ritual, deputies say
St. Paul police sergeant says he's sorry for telling people to run over marchers
Sarah Palin links son's domestic violence arrest to a lack of leadership from Obama
Denmark deports top foreign student for working too hard
Sick Fucks At World Economic Forum Give Leonardo DiCaprio Award Shaped Like Iceberg
Texas Deli-Gas Station Chain Sues over "Unilateral" Increase in Price of Delicious Beef Brisket
Canhead is a walking human 'suction cup'
Death by selfie? Russian police release safety brochure - CNN.com
'Thor 3' Is a Universal Road Trip with Hulk Says Mark Ruffalo
Thieves get bad oil from a bus sewage tank.
British police question boy who spelled 'terrorist' by mistake
Fangirl Starts Dating Jake T. Austin After Relentlessly Tweeting Him Since 2009
Islamic State to halve fighters' salaries as cost of waging terror starts to bite
Sam Smith Discovers Racism Still Exists in 2016
Chris Christie defends right of gang members to buy guns
Half naked Norwegian man clings to roof of his car at 90 km/h in -17 degrees, breaks window and stops car thief
Christie defends right of gang members to buy guns. Seriously.
Alcohol addiction claimed as basis for discrimination in B.C. human rights case
Live shark reportedly found in Florida condo swimming pool
Strange noise heard in part of Oklahoma City
Spelling error lands UK Muslim boy in trouble
Armless Teen Robbed by 13 and 15 Year Olds
Man Investigating Flint Water Crisis Also Defending State Against Same Lawsuit
BET's Responds To Stacey Dash's Oscars Boycott Comments
Can Extinct Giant Tortoises Be Brought Back to Life?
'Extinct' Frog Rediscovered After 150 Years, Eats Mom's Eggs
Driver found with supremely snowy windshield charged, OPP says
The Jewish Press » » Jordan's King Supports ISIS; YES, You Did Read This Right!
Sarah Palin connects son Track's arrest to Obama's record on veterans issues
Trinidad and Tobago gymnast's new move being referred to as "The Dick" move
Drug traffickers get high and call the cops to turn themselves in. here's the 911 call:
Palin Blames Son's Domestic Violence Arrest on Obama
Rahm Emanuel To Headline Conference On Distrust Of Police
Kash Register cashes in after wrongful murder conviction
Actress Stacey Dash calls for elimination of Black History Month and BET
R Kelly says that Bill Cosby assault accusations are 'just strange'
MAN MAKES LIVING STICKING INANIMATE OBJECTS ON HIS HEAD
Patient Steals Ambulance from ER, Goes for a Ride.
Disney recalls Darth Vader onesie because of deadly choking hazard
Disney recalls Darth Vader onesies because of choking hazard
Lawyer: Man Threatened CAIR Offices After A Week Of Watching Fox News
A Republican Strategist says Trump Supporters Are "Childless Single Men Who Masturbate To Anime"
Shanghai Woman Has Lavish Affair With Her Boss, Puts it All on Instagram
New road usage fee emerges at NH State House: Your car gets better mileage, you pay more
Conor McGregor and Jesus are 'cool' because 'gods recognize gods' - Bloody Elbow
Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg: 'likes' can help stop Isis recruiters
GOP Cucksultant Rick Wilson on MSNBC: Trump Supporters are Childless Single Men Who Masturbate to Anime
Bernie Sanders 'was Paleo before Paleo was a thing'
Pregnant Kiwi woman twerks through her contractions
Buc-ee's sues over brisket prices
North Korea invents alcohol that leaves 'no hangover'
Canada's Left Wing Party Realizes It Might Need to Copy Bernie Sanders
R. Kelly Says He Doesn't Know Who Dave Chappelle Is
DiGiorno Accidentally Tried To Advertise Their Pizza In A Hashtag About Domestic Violence
Lancashire 'terrorist house' row 'not a spelling mistake' - BBC News
Kasich: I'm the 'prince of light and hope'
Allah allows Muslims to rape non-Muslim women in order to humiliate them, claims Islamic professor
Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGWEATHERSNOWHATTON GARDENJUNIOR DOCTORS STRIKESIAN BLAKE Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News World news Animal cruelty Man charged with animal cruelty after 'beheading dog because it looked at him weird'
'El Chapo's' taco takeout led police right to him
Netflix Expands Movie Slate With Five Titles
Prosecutor: Man wanted in Iowa stole boat in Florida, went to Cuba
Sarah Palin blames son's domestic violence arrest on PTSD, President Obama
Admitted drug dealers get high and call the Idaho cops
Lancashire 'terrorist house' row 'not a spelling mistake?
Transit agency to install real cameras on commuter trains
Otaku On the Receiving End of GOP Strategist's Trump Supporter Insult
Jamie Foxx pulls trapped driver from fiery wreak in Hidden Valley
Police Tell Driver Half A Windshield Clear Of Snow Isn't Enough
Harvard proposes to lower academia standards for "low income students", because other students might be "privlidged".
Following North Korea on Twitter is not a crime, court rules
Bestiality link to other sex crimes a reason to pass criminal bill, supporters say
Journalist-Registration Bill Is Modeled On Gun Law, S.C. Lawmaker Says
Nollywood actress Sarraphina Amaechi: Why I don t flaunt my big boobs
Snakebite survivor warns of 'snake plague' in Cranbourne court
Dog poo DNA test launches in Barking and Dagenham
Australian inmate's deadly pet snake gives prison officer a nasty surprise
Someone has drawn a massive ice penis which CANNOT BE ERASED Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2016/01/19/someone-has-drawn-a-massive-ice-penis-which-cannot-be-erased-5632852/#ixzz3xrg5nOye
Bratty rich doctor gets drunk and makes a huge fool of herself in Uber car.
Father of alleged devil worshiper maintains son's innocence
Scottish power contact number
Underwear-clad car owner foils theft in -17°C
61% of university girls ready to wed a married man: Poll
2 young dopes with 20 pounds of weed get so paranoid they call cops on themselves
Iran has decided to ban the word 'wine' in books - there's just one slight problem
Oceans to have more plastic than fish by 2050
Tourist agency plans 'Assad Tours,' bringing Russians to the front lines of Syria's civil war
Snowpenis was too much for the city
Boy who survived incredible 60m plunge from apartment window had one request after regaining consciousness: play games on a smartphone
News Family of cousin of Paris attacker file murder complaint over her death
Family of cousin of Paris attacker file murder complaint over her death
Church lawyer demands child sex abuse victim repay compensation after speaking to media
Jamie Foxx helps rescue man from burning truck
Lawyer of man who threatened Muslims: Fox News made him do it
he decapitated a dog because it "looked at him weird."
Sarah Palin Somehow Links Son's Domestic Violence Arrest To Obama
Sarah Palin Blames Obama for Her Son's Domestic-Violence Arrest
British TV presenters turn up hungover wearing outfits from night before's awards show
Carr's water biscuits halt production after factory flooding
Why One School Is Launching a 'Whiteness History Month'
Buddhist monk goes on tire slashing rampage after killing insect...
Norwegian man clings to his car wearing only boxer shorts, to stop the thief stealing his car in 0 °F weather
Chess forbidden in Islam, rules Saudi mufti, but issue not black and white
Some upset with new batch of Orange County license plates that spell out 'GAY'
Hard times for jihadist, ISIS orders 50% pay cut for fighters
Man charged with killing 2 teens and baby marries eyewitness
Sarah Palin Blames Obama for Her Son's Arrest
Build Lean Muscle! Try Forskolin for Free! Real People, Real Results! Get Free Trial Bottle!
Sarah Palin blames son's arrest on PTSD, President Obama
Sarah Palin Blames Obama For Son's Domestic Violence Woes
Tagging Someone On Facebook Can Be Harassment, Court Rules
MI5 Is UK's Most Gay-Friendly Employer
Mom jumps out of moving vehicle after seeing spider causing accident and injuring her son who was still in the car.
Man, 80, charged with driving car almost totally covered in snow
Cut-throat decision: Chinese passenger kills duck over train ban on live animals
ISIS creates dating website
New massive snow penis made after small one cleared
That's fowl! Woman who was banned from taking a live duck onto the train KILLS the bird at security checkpoint - so she could carry it with her
Families Of Two Paris Jihadists Sue France For Their 'Murders'
Swedish park staff can't remove this giant penis drawn on thin ice
PROHIBITED TO CARRY LIVE ANIMALS IN TRAIN, WOMAN KILLS DUCK
CARMAGEDDON 2.0: DC's ride home from hell in 1 inch of snow
Man charged in killing of Midland Park woman is suing over NYC subway injuries
Woman finds husband's dead body through iPhone App
He? She? Ze? Colleges add gender-free pronouns, alter policy
Prohibited to cary live animals in train, woman kills duck
Trump mocks Cruz's plan to campaign with 'wacko' Glenn Beck
Dr. David Newman, Accused Of Drugging And Ejaculating On Patient, Turns Himself In
British teen dies from deodorant after using spray instead of showering
Thomas Townsend died from using too much deodorant in Kent
Homeless Jesus statue being mistaken for real person
Valet blows engine on Lamborghini
Cable firms oppose proposed state-funded Internet network
Fourteen Dogs, Four Cats, Two Parrots Saved in Sacramento Fire
Volvo promises deathproof cars by 2020 (X-post from /r/news)
Norwegian in underwear clings to car roof to stop thief
Virginia man charged with trespassing on property carrying suspicious bacon
Australian thieves siphon sewage tank instead of petrol.
Sarah Palin Points to Obama for Son's PTSD, Arrest
Paranoia will destroy ya.
Palin blames Obama for son's problems
Drug traffickers get high and paranoid, call 911 to stop all the "undercover cops" that were "following them"
Portland Community College to launch Whiteness History Month
Actress dies on stage in death scene
Carly Fiorina accused of 'ambushing' children for anti-abortion rally
New York City Council May Ease Enforcement of Laws on Public Urination
Authorities were at homicide scene for an hour before realizing person was still alive
Handwritten plea to flight attendant about 'farting' passenger goes viral
Coloring craze sweeps over Austin
Park police finally removed that snow penis, so someone replaced it with an even bigger one
Invaders Start Suing German Govt.
Drunk squirrel thrown out of bar after causing $400 worth of damage.
Chess is 'haram and a waste of time', says grand mufti of Saudi Arabia
BART to replace decoy cameras on trains with real ones
Why Getting Off To Anime Porn Is Shorthand For Supporting Donald Trump
Chess has been banned in Saudia Arabia by Fatwa:
British SAS squad disguised as ISIS wives kill high ranking ISIS leader
SpongeBob Could Lose Its Squidward After He Was Arrested
Montenegro concentration camp island to be turned into luxury resort with nightclub
Casinos turn to rats to increase revenues.
York man banned from having sex unless he gives police 24 hours' notice
Parolee arrested in homeless murder was held out as model of success
Convicted rapist escapes during brewery visit
Porn in classroom 'just for a laugh,' firefighting instructor says
No 'shame or blame' in 'Whiteness History Month' at college: president
Deaf man stabbed when sign language mistaken for gang signs
Nudists claim discrimination after being banned from pool in Huntington Beach
Central Park's Winter Jam cancelled due to snow
Chess forbidden in Islam, rules Saudi mufti, but issue not black and white | World news | The Guardian
Carly Fiorina Accused Of Crashing Kids' Field Trip And Ushering Them To Anti-Abortion Rally
Hijacks Preschool Field Trip to Hold Anti-Abortion
Drug Traffickers Give Themselves In To Police While High And Paranoid
Man upset over revoked license rams RV into Government Building
Student says 'ISIS' in Pledge of Allegiance, gets pulled from high school
Italy's top court just ruled that bribing a police officer is legal
Symantec Support Scammer Turns Out To Be An Official Symantec Reseller.
Blundering thieves attempting to siphon fuel left with a nasty taste after mixing up poo and petrol tanks
Instagram star cat's owner sells pet's testicles to pay for neutering operation
Jeb! super PAC sent out video players to get people to watch The Jeb Story
This Photo of a Potato Sold for Over $1,000,000
China responds to Taiwan elections with military drills, Facebook trolling
Carly Fiorina Hijacks Preschool Field Trip to Hold Anti-Abortion Rally
Danish MPs baffled by flagpole count order
R. Kelly Is Skeptical of Bill Cosby's Accusers: 'There's Something Strange About It'
I'll be back to front: Arnold Schwarzenegger cycles on wrong side
Patient at Edmonton Hospital takes ambulance for joyride.
Louisville police arrest 2 burglary suspects by following footprints in snow
Neighbors mistake giant California house cat for a bobcat
California man charged with hitting Uber driver sues driver
First head transplant successfully carried out on monkey, claims surgeon
Petite Texas Woman Takes Down 800-Pound Gator
Los Angeles Zoo worker falls in gorilla enclosure; hurts leg
Saudi Arabia's highest religious official rules chess forbidden in Islam
Driver charged after driving car almost completely covered in snow
Church lawyer demands child sex abuse victim repay compensation
Study: Students Studying Abroad Get Drunker, Do New Drugs
Head transplant carried out on monkey, claims maverick surgeon
Detroit Student: "I Want to Be Able to Go to School Without Worrying About Being Bitten by Mice"
Suspected thief tries to steal police car, sits in officer's lap
Saudi Grand Mufti Declares Chess Forbidden in Islam
Some people in Russia are very angry about Papa John's 'Josef Stalin' pizza discount
Oklahoma lawmaker introduces bill requiring all adults to subscribe to a newspaper...
"Herbal" Cough Syrup Recalled Because Its Secret Ingredient is Morphine
In Belgium, they want to honor traffic jams
Keith Richards Found Not Dead in San Francisco Hotel
Clinton emails so secret some lawmakers can't read them
Armed Robber Demands $1,000 in West Beverly, So Victim Writes Check: Police
'Gay fish' festival banned in Russia
Sarah Palin actually blames Obama for her son's domestic violence charge.
Let's discuss BB-8's gender, and why this robot needs one
Putin: Lenin to Blame for Soviet Union Collapse
Herbal cough syrup recalled for containing morphine
Pennsylvania Man's Obituary Pleads: 'Do Not Vote For Donald Trump'
Saudi Arabia's highest Islamic cleric 'bans' chess and claims game spreads 'enmity and hatred'
Nespresso sues Israeli coffee company over Clooney lookalike
Breitbart Tech Editor Milo Yiannopoulos Launches College Scholarship for White Men
Jeremy Corbyn musical to be staged in London
Spanish police officer suspended for drinking rum in brothel on duty
Republican Strategist Rick Wilson: Trump Supporters Are "Childless Single Men Who Masturbate To Anime"
Man stabbed and bitten after stirring someone else's chili
Report: Fiorina accused of 'ambushing' children for anti-abortion rally
FBI ran website distributing child porn
Sheep stop car after 90-minute police chase through Central Otago
Bill Clinton to campaign in Las Vegas during national porn convention
Student suspended after carrying classmate having asthma attack to nurse
Twitter erupts after Saudi cleric says chess is forbidden
Kim Kardashian reveals she'll pay $1m if her mom Kris Jenner finds extra slabs of calacatta gold marble for Kanye West's bathroom
John Kerry: Some sanctions relief money for Iran will go to terrorism
Student suspended after carrying classmate to nurse
KISD Suspends Student For Leaving Class To Carry Asthmatic Student To Nurse's Office
Buddhist monk accused of slashing tires after accidentally squashing insect
Man misinterprets sign language as gang signs, stand a deaf man
South Africa police officer gets shot in back but still issues a ticket.
Man misinterprets sign language for gang signs, stabs a deaf man
Humans aren't as cooperative as we thought, but they make up for it via stupidity
Drug traffickers get stoned, call police on themselves
The aliens are silent because they're dead
22 things people actually tried to bring on airplanes last year
Britain's Doomsday Nuke Subs Still Run Windows XP
City cancels 'Ultimate Snow Day' on account of snowstorm
Drug traffickers get high and call the cops to turn themselves in
Flashing lights and music turn rats into problem gamblers
Food Fight Fizzles As Senate Nears Compromise on School Nutrition Rules
President Obama has effectively bankrupted ISIS
ISIS' next app could be a dating app called "Jihotties"
As area residents freeze pants, non-Minnesotans react with confusion
$33m To Be Borrowed To Help Monitor Govt Finances
Police chase stopped by flock of sheep
White Refugees not Allowed in Germany
Female footballer accuses referee of asking her out on a date during a game
What the flock! Sheep stop fugitives
Bushwick Artist Will Sit Naked on a Toilet for 2 Days to Protest Bullshit in the Art World
Hybrid Children Community: Woman from Sedona part of group that claims to have alien-hybrid kids
World's most expensive Haggis on sale for $5,600
Donald Trump Thought Sarah Palin's Endorsement Speech Was a Bit Too Long
Woody Guthrie Wrote Angry Songs About Donald Trump's Dad
South Carolina Student Writes Letter To Editor Complaining That Students Show Poor Sportsmanship Celebrating Opposing Team's Missed Free Throws At Basketball Game
Sarah Palin Blames President Obama for Her Son's Domestic Violence Arrest
Saudi Arabia bans Chess because it encourages gambling
Men driving high with 20lb of marijuana through Idaho call police on themselves
China Box Office: 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' Fails To Beat 'Boonie Bears 3'
Law & Order Director Jace Alexander Pleads Guilty to Child-Porn Charges
I went commando for a week to see what would happen to my vagina and my personality.
California nudist told to cover up if they want to use gym
Dartmouth man bounced exercise ball on heroin overdose victim, documents say
TVNZ to launch male-focused channel
Ex-South Texas teacher who had sex with 17-year-old student sues him for filming encounter
Arizona House Committee Holds Bill To Legalize Nunchucks
Man dies in Gobblers Knob avalanche
City cancels 'Ultimate Snow Day' on account of snow storm
White Male Only Scholarship offered by Breitbart News
Country Music Fan Jailed for 'Blasting' Dolly Parton Songs
Trudeau's Canada unsure whether it is hip to be 'hip'
Hillary Clinton pins 'establishment' label on Bernie Sanders
Kim Jong Un claims hangover free alcohol
A cop's flock of sheep stops 90 minute car chase in Central Otago
That South Carolina bill to register journalists? It was a ruse.
Rapist forces woman to make phone call during rape - so she calls 911
To fight Islamist radicals, Tajikistan shaves off beards of 13,000 men
Fears Aboriginality test change will 'swamp community with white people'
Her attacker forced her to make a phone call during a rape - so she called 911
Paranoid men driving high with 20lb of marijuana call police on themselves
Carly Fiorina Accused of Hijacking Field Trip to Bring Kids to Pro-Life Rally
Is dark money boosting Bernie Sanders?
Stephen Hawking Warns Humanity: Leave Earth Before the Ruling Class Destroys It
KENYA'S FILM BOARD SAYS NETFLIX IS THREAT TO NATIONAL SECURITY
Anti-vaxx mom abandons movement after all seven of her kids get whooping cough
Elementary School Lunch Ladies Fired After Pocketing Leftovers
Why Can't We Find Aliens? Climate Change Killed Them
4 Arrested at California Subway Shop After 1 Denied Sandwich
North Pole theft suspect identified after locking his keys in getaway car
Florida police rescue choking pelican
Turkish mosque opens its doors to local cats
Old man charged after driving car almost completely covered in snow
A cop's flock stops 90 minute car chase in Central Otago New Zealand
Cow enjoys brief taste of freedom but is roped by NY police
Grown woman with PhD wants to be allowed to pick her own super fund
'Lucky Life' Lottery Winner Dies After Becoming Millionaire
Hot Mess Endorses Dumpster Fire
Florida man beheads dog that 'looked at him weird'
Flock of sheep helps police end 90 minute car chase in New Zealand
Girl turns bright pink for three days after misusing Lush products
Discovery: Technological Global Warming Killed all the Aliens
How can I survive in the Bay Area with $400k family income?
let's play together here 22
Disney Recalls Darth Vader Onesies As Force Causes Choking Hazard
Missing person turns out to be a watch
Chess forbidden in Islam, rules top Saudi mufti
China Busts 35 Restaurants Using Opium Poppies as Seasoning
Photo of a potato sold for over $1000000
Palin: My Son's Drunken Domestic Violence Arrest Is Obama's Fault
Life in rural Wisconsin prepared astronaut for life in space.
War Criminal Hillary Clinton is Now Running on Her Foreign Policy "Strengths"
Three more charged with bacon sandwich attack on Bristol mosque.
Ted Cruz's campaign is handing out bottled water in Flint - but only to anti-abortion groups
Ex-Mozilla CEO launches an ad-blocking browser that still shows you ads
This Dublin school's holding early-morning raves to wake up its students
Islamic State hijack Justin Bieber hashtag to try and spread graphic video about the terror group
Police sheep stop hight speed chase in NZ.
A potato photo sold for $1 million by Irish photographer
An Israeli coffee company is being sued because its actor looks like George Clooney
Man sets self on fire after wife fails to cook him fish
Rand Paul settles Reddit's duck/horse question
Students from wealthy backgrounds dominate medical schools
View(active tab) Edit Nodequeue 22 JANUARY 2016 - 11:32AM | POSTED BY JOHN MCCARTHY UK Home Office draws criticism for a glaring typo in English tests for migrants press release
Condom attached panties growing on trees
Home Office misspells 'language' in English tests announcement
Police: Man stuck screw up his genitals
Artist to sit naked on a toilet for two days to protest 'bulls**t' art world
Woolwich man seeks part-time wife to replace one who 'ran off'
British Home Office misspells "Language" in Migrants' English Language Test statement
Oregon folk singer is going to Syria to perform peace concert for ISIS
Saudi Arabia's Top Cleric Forbids Chess, but Players Maneuver
Nudists protest ban from Huntington Beach city gym
Saudi Arabia Forbids Chess, is "The Work of Satan" and Creates Hatred Between Players
Tinder now helps users find STD testing sites
City Cancels Central Park's Winter Jam Due to Impending Blizzard
Headbanging in the house of God: Rio congregation worships with heavy metal
Pope Francis calls Internet, social networks, texts 'gift of God'
Family Planning Commission blames decline in newborn population on zodiac influence
Nespresso sues coffee rival for using George Clooney lookalike
Nespresso Sues Coffee Competitor for Using George Clooney Doppelganger in Ads
Buddhist slashes tyres of 162 cars because 'he was upset he stepped on an insect'
Chinese restaurants shut down after seasoning food with opium to 'hook' customers.
The Latest: Catholic Diocese Gives OK to Skip Church
Muslim school fails Ofsted inspection after investigators find books in its library promoting death by STONING
Man's obituary: 'Please do not vote for Donald Trump'
'I'm sorry, my drinks had been spiked' says woman at centre of storm over racist rant on tram
British teenager claims she was 'fat-shamed' by McDonald's staff after ordering six cheeseburgers
MUSLIM SCHOLAR SAYS IT'S OKAY TO RAPE NON-MUSLIM WOMEN TO HUMILIATE THEM
Newlyweds return home to find AirBnB guests having cocaine-fueled orgy
Eldon Samuel trial: mother testifies Eldon was being trained for zombie apocalypse
Deceased man's obituary asks people not to vote for Donald Trump in lieu of flowers
Swedish man creates giant snow penis to say sorry for destroying smaller snow penis
Toronto man found not guilty in Twitter harassment case
Britain unveils migrant language tests, misspells 'language'
Girls be warned: Lose your virginity, you lose your bursary
Female Activist Mrinalini Sarabhai lashes out at Prime Minister of India because he did not offer condolences on the death of her mother.
York man is banned from having sex unless he gives police 24 hours' notice
Sashi Brown "assured" Joe Thomas that Browns are pursuing winning
Dating App Tinder Adds STD Testing Locator, Ending Feud
Vicars should grow beards to reach out to Muslims, bishop suggests
'World's most wanted murder suspect' found working in Subway in Wiltshire
Israeli coffee company is being sued because it's actor looks like George Clooney
Startup's self-driving test car crashes after driver takes control
The UK tells migrants to take an English test, but misspells "language"
Terminator-Type Robots Would Be Mistake: Scientists
Cop responds to noise complaint over kids playing basketball, dunks
#ForgiveMeFadil a Sad But True Story
2pac 'SPOTTED ALIVE' and living in Cuba
Presidential candidate Carly Fiorina takes pre-schoolers on a field trip to an anti-abortion rally.
Man cited after being found naked, covered in sawdust
Bronx Zoo: Name a cockroach for your Valentine
Danny Ainge is the king of Chipotle
Britain tells immigrants to learn English language or be deported - but misspells the word 'language'
These weed dealers got so high and paranoid they ended up calling the cops on themselves
Palin Blames Obama for Her Defeat in 2008 Election
Royal Welsh regiment 1st battalion appoints new regimental Goat.
Vietnam's Sacred Turtle Dies at an Awkward, Some Say Ominous, Time
The Pope has decided that priests can now kiss women's feet
Fitbit captures exact moment man's heart breaks
Man ordered to tell police if he plans to have sex
'Kindness Workshop' criticized for making students vulnerable to bullying
Donald Trump is the Star of an Erotic Novel & It's Getting Spectacular Reviews
TrumpScript - Two Coders Have Turned Donald Trump Into A Programming Language
Tinder Adds STD Testing Locator
Bishop of London suggests that vicars should grow beards to reach out to Muslims
Police: Semi trailer loaded with cheese stolen from Germantown business
Neither Taharrush Gamea Nor Sexism Are Arab 'Cultural Practices'
How Women With Resting B*tch Face Are Actually Smarter
Tokyo court: Idol group member has right to fall in love
Quentin Tarantino declares The Intern one of 2015's best films
'Canhead' makes living sticking objects to head
Trump retweets support from neo-Nazi 'White Genocide' account
Man banned from having sex unless he gives police 24 hours notice
New Zealand sheep stop car of speeding fugitives
Citizens United Celebrates 6 Years Of Giving A Voice To Voiceless Billionaires
For the love of God, help this woman get a 420 tattoo removed from her forehead
Snow is beautiful. Please don't eat it.
China busts 35 restaurants for opium poppy seasoning
Home Office misspells 'language' in English test statement
Kia dancing hamster pleads no contest in disability fraud case
Killeen student suspended after carrying classmate having asthma attack to nurse
Donald Trump retweets 'White Genocide' Twitter user
Flagging in polls, Jeb drafts mom into campaign
Donald Trump is hypnotizing the GOP. Literally.
Ohio toddler left home alone while mom shopped at Walmart found stuck in toilet
New Donald Trump programming language seeks to make programming great again
Thieves nab $70,000 worth of cheese
EXCLUSIVE: Larry Flynt wants Hugh Hefner's $200 million Playboy Mansion
Hustler founder Larry Flynt wants to buy Hugh Hefner's Playboy Mansion
Rand Paul Would Rather Fight 100 Duck-Sized Horses Than One Horse-Sized Duck
Black Metal Fan Kills Surrender of Divinity Singer 'For Not Being Satanic Enough'
Saudi grand mufti says chess is 'forbidden'
South African district offers student grants to girls who remain virgins
upstate NY woman gofundme campaign to remove 420 tattooed on her forehead
The Government spelt 'language' wrong when it announced its new language tests for immigrants
Top Republicans say Donald Trump's real problem is that he's too moderate
Fulton woman seeks donations to remove '420' forehead tattoo, turn her life around
Man banned from having sex unless he tells police 24 hours in advance
'Artificial intelligence alarmists' like Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking win 'Luddite of the Year' award
Area singles scramble to find hookups before storm hits
Weed Traffickers Get So High On Their Stash That They Thought They Were Being Followed By Cops & Turn Themselves In!
Oscar nominee Charlotte Rampling says the uproar over the lack of diversity in this year's nominees is "racist to white people."
Girl's Daily Story on Snapchat Somehow Longer Than Day Itself
Cow flees slaughterhouse, granted N.J. asylum
Ted Cruz says he doesn't have health insurance, blames Obamacare
Teen Protesting Her School's Dress Code Was Forced by Her Principal to Get on Her Knees
Police: Tattoo parlor owner asks employee to shoot him for club membership
Bug-squashing Buddhist so distraught he slashed tyres on 200 cars
Swedish migration chief's ID talk hit by ID problem
Trump Vets Ad Features Russian Veterans; Re-Tweets Nazi Twitter Account
Whitesboro, NY is finally changing town seal of a white man choking a Native American
Two drug dealers smoked so much weed they panicked and called 911 on themselves
Jin Shin Jyutsu A Japanese Method For Curing About A 5 Minutes
Drug traffickers get high on stash, call police on selves
NYC snow festival canceled -- due to snow
A woman is crowdfunding to get her facial tattoo removed.
GOP Kansas senator offers his 'detailed guidance' for women's attire during testimony
Kentucky girl, 17, claims high school forced her to get on her KNEES so a male principal could measure the gap between her dress and the floor to assess dress code violation
China's Rent-a-Foreigner Industry Is Alive and Kicking
Charlotte Rampling Says Oscars 'Boycott' Is 'Racist Against Whites'
Tinder Adds STD Testing Center Locator to Dating App
Candidate Trump retweets 'White Genocide' account, drawing outrage
There are now topless drive thru coffee shops
Average penis size revealed: Scientists attempt to find what is 'normal' to reassure concerned men
Movie Theater Shooting: Drunken Man Shoots Woman At Michael Bay '13 Hours' Showing
Article claims that driving a car straight from a cold start is healthier for the car than allowing it to idle for a short time..
This meat treat claims to prevent hangovers
Wait... we sued who?! Patent troll drops case one day after Newegg's lawyer calls
Polish Minister of Environment cancels advertisement about waste sorting because one of actors is gay (article in polish, further details in comments).
These Two Guys Got So High They Called The Police On Themselves
Fired Indiana Cop Arrested for Using Police Car to Protect Illegal Drug Operation Run by Baptist Preacher
Emerson College Poll: 99.5% Of Emerson College Students Hope Donald Trump Dies Tomorrow
Pittsburgh man's obituary asks voters not to vote for Trump
Shoplifter bites off Walmart worker's finger while stealing condoms and lube
Person You've Heard of Has Been Found Dead
Winter Jam 2016 Cancelled in Wake of Impending Snowstorm
Man Faces DWI Charge After Hitting Patrol Car, While The Officer Was On Another DWI Cases.
Stoned drug dealers arrested when they called 911 on themselves.
Justin Trudeau Told Leonardo DiCaprio to Stop Being Mean to Canada's Oil Sands
Paranoid drug traffickers smuggling marijuana while stoned call 911 on themselves
ISIS is using a Justin Bieber hashtag to spread disturbing propaganda
Drunk Guy Accidentally Shoots Woman During Benghazi Movie Screening
Harlem Globetrotters not performing water skit in Flint MI
Man using alias 'Ron Burgundy' arrested for operating northern Va. prostitution ring
Domestic violence: Man with violent history jailed for accidentally killing girlfriend
Girl violates dress code, told to get down on her knees.
Problem drinkers account for most of alcohol industry's sales, figures reveal
Administration Says Child Porn Provides A 'Model' For Hunting Terrorists Online
Kansas Senate Imposes Strict Dress Code for Women
Jessica Chastain: Help! My grandma's dog was stolen from McDonald's
Chess Has Just Been Banned in Saudi Arabia
These guys are not fooling around!
Donald Trump Retweets Creator of Pic Showing Him Sending Bernie Sanders to Gas Chamber
Chingy Endorses Donald Trump For President
Fake-snow event cancelled because of real snow
South Africa Article 'Clitoris collector' wants to go back to Grootvlei Prison
'Clitoris collector' wants to go back to Grootvlei Prison
Today is not a good day to die: You cannot pack your Klingon bat'leth in your carry-on, TSA says
Suspects no longer on the lamb after sheep end high-speed chase
After Video Shows Raging Cop Run Over and Kick a Compliant Biker, He's Promoted to Captain
Officials call newly found drug 'Super Marijuana'
Man must tell Police 24 hours before having sex
Chicken Smuggler's Goose Cooked by US Customs
Chicken smuggler's goose cooked by U.S. Customs at DFW Airport
Cop Harasses Off-Duty NYPD Police Chief Who He Didn't Recognize
Man 'Killed His Pet Dog Because It Looked At Him Weird'
Australian thieves siphon sewage tank instead of fuel tank
State tries to delay Clinton email release, blaming snowstorm
Clinton emails may be delayed due to snow, State Dept. tells federal judge
Porn Stars "Feel the Bern"
'Dancing Hamster' Pleads No Contest In Disability Fraud Case
Harlem Globetrotters to remove water bucket skit from Flint show
Sky Sports nets world crabbing TV rights. Sky Sports has won the TV rights to screen the World Series of Crabbing live from across East Anglia this summer. 417
Sky Sports nets world crabbing TV rights. Sky Sports has won the TV rights to screen the World Series of Crabbing live from across East Anglia this summer. NOW VIEWING 417
Hillary Clinton Introduces New Campaign Slogan: "No, We Can't"
Sky Sports nets world crabbing TV rights. Sky Sports has won the TV rights to screen the World Series of Crabbing live from across East Anglia this summer
Rhode Island Official Loses Job Over Senior Citizen Cross-Dressing Scandal
Sundance: Daniel Radcliffe's Farting Corpse Movie Prompts Walk-Outs
Ben Carson 'Horrified' By His Own Campaign Ad
Chiropractor's Dying Wish to Mourners: Please Do Not Vote for Donald Trump
UK misspells 'language' in English test declaration for migrants
Macklemore's New Song 'White Privilege II'
Artist celebrates motherhood with jewelry made from breast milk
Germans battle refugee sex assaults with signs, cartoons
As Zika virus spreads, El Salvador asks women not to get pregnant until 2018
Cum Crooks strike again -- $50,000 worth of Bull Semen stolen from California Truck
12615 826 Killeen student suspended after carrying classmate having asthma attack to nurse
Ted Nugent: Clinton, Obama Should Be 'Hung' Over Benghazi
Donald Rumsfeld Made A Video Game
Former Defense Secretary Marches Into New Territory: Videogames
Giant Snow Dick On A Pond Can't Be Erased Cause The Ice Is Too Thin For City Workers To Get To It
'Boy Who Came Back From Heaven' actually didn't; books recalled
Kansas lawmaker imposes dress code on female witnesses
Real life action hero catches car thief: Police officer: «Bruce Willis could never have done this»
Creator of Honey Badger Video Sues Makers of Honey Badger Greeting Card
Trump's About-Face: Campaign Uses Photo Of Soviet Soldiers In Ad About U.S. Veterans
Triple-murder suspect marries key witness against him
Uber passenger, captured on viral video drunkenly slapping and hitting driver, sues driver for $5 million
Owner of motel allegedly used for drug deals should be forced to live there, suit says
Drive-by yoghurt attack on crochet teacher's haberdashery leaves her shaken
Fan stabs black metal singer for not being satanic enough
Charlotte Rampling says Oscars' boycott is 'racist to white people'
Shoe bomb inventor praised by Bin Laden among latest Gitmo releases
Neighbors Say Buddhist Temple In San Jose Is Causing A Disturbance
NEWS BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT TECH TALK HEALTH MOTORING OMG! OPINION ePAPER CLASSIFIEDS Sundance: Daniel Radcliffe's farting corpse movie prompts walk-outs
Pregnant women are being warned not to travel to the olympics in Brazil after a virus causing thousands of babies to be bored with unusually small heads swept through the region.
Whitesboro, N.Y., in Reversal, Will Change a Logo Called Racist
Pregnant women warned not to travel to Rio Olympics
£33m ticket 'washed in jeans', says potential jackpot winner in Worcester
Trump Campaign Runs Veterans Ad Featuring Russian Soldiers
And they say there are no real news stories anymore... (x-post /r/weird)
Ohio parents arrested after 2-year-old is stuck in toilet
Daniel Radcliffe Plays A Dead Body That Farts In The Weirdest Movie At Sundance
Squeeze the banana to log into this office Wi-Fi
SILICON VALLEY ON THE VERGE OF BECOMING DEATH VALLEY
USS Gabrielle Giffords Christened As Navy's First Gun-Free Warship
Designer Makes Gowns out of Car Interior Material
Flaming truck driven to front door of Chinese fire station
Trump retweets Neo Nazi message.
California road closed for newt mating season
Despite Vote, Whitesboro Town Seal With Native American Being Strangled Will Change
Maine Gov. LePage Says Drug Dealers Have Names Like 'D-Money' and 'Impregnate...White Girl[s]'
Man uses computer to generate new episodes of "Friends"
REPORT: Locals Fled Pool After Migrants Masturbated Into Jacuzzi, Defecated Into Kid's Pool, Invaded Girls Changing Rooms - Breitbart
Metallica's James Hetfield Celebrates a PhD in Astrophysics
Study: Future Lawyers Are Hiding Depression and Drug and Alcohol Use
A girl misused a bath oil and now she's bright pink
Abi Shenton used her LUSH product the wrong way... and turned pink
Trump says he could shoot people and still wouldn't lose voters
15-Year-Old Boy Trampled By Wild Tusker While Trying To Take A Selfie
Philly residents are throwing snowballs at TV news reporters
After the prayers and the pork... the pasta takes over Msida
Man claims to have had a religious experience, paints a 15 foot mural of Donald Trump, is following Trump around Iowa showing his mural and saying that God told him Trump will win.
Trump: I Could Stand on 5th Avenue and 'Shoot Somebody, and I Wouldn't Lose Any Voters'
Buddhist Monk goes on Bizarre Tyre Slashing Rampage Because he Stood on an Insect
Trump: I could shoot people in streets and not lose support
Trump: I could 'shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose voters'
Harry Potter plays a farting dead man in new movie
Phoenix HS students spell out the N-word for class of 2016 yearbook picture. 2016.
Unimpressed movie-goers walk-out of Sundance screening for Daniel Radcliffe's 'bizarre' new film which features corpses passing gas
Swiss Army Man review: dead Daniel Radcliffe farts Paul Dano to safety
Trump: I could 'shoot somebody' and not lose votes
Livingston woman sues trucking company after finding human face in car wash
Human skull found in California shop but 'there's nothing sinister', police say
Donald Trump: I could "shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose any voters"
Trump: I could shoot somebody and wouldn't lose any voters
Motorcycle Speeder Wins $180,000 In Case Against Cop Who Kicked His Ass
Donald Trump says he could shoot someone on a busy street and not lose voters
Edward Snowden is being 'bombarded with nude pictures' and he's getting sick of it
Woodbridge snow plow driver finds wandering seal
Donald Trump: My supporters would stick with me even if I shot someone in the middle of the street
This Is A Thing Donald Trump Just Said. For Real.
British sniper investigated for not shouting warning in Iraq
Bill Cosby wins defamation case
Naturalist Charles Foster wanted to reconnect with his inner beast - so he tried living as a badger...
Daniel Radcliffe Explains His Erection (and His Wild New Sundance Movie)
World urged to stop killer robots at Davos
Dark 'noodles' may lurk in the Milky Way
Horror as gangs of migrants 'assault female swimmers and masturbate in hot tub'
Donald Trump Jokes He Could 'Shoot Somebody' Without Losing Support
Mark Wahlberg demands name change of honorary burger at north London pop-up Lucky Chip
VIDEO: Car bursts into flames as it struggles to drive up snow covered hill
Trump says he could shoot someone and still not lose voters.
Trump: I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot people and I wouldn't lose voters.
Trump: I could shoot a person and not lose votes
No One Wants to Buy the 'Penis Vagina' House
Police: A Driver Stranded In The Blizzard Shot And Killed A Man Coming To His Aid
6 Beauty (And Life) Lessons I Learned From 50 Cent
Owner apologizes for bringing roadkill to NC Chinese restaurant
Feminists attack Oxford English Dictionary for 'reinforcing sexist stereotypes'
Stephen Hawking: Black Holes Have 'Hair'
$160,000 worth of cheese stolen in Wisconsin
Florida Man Arrested for Allegedly Using His Wife's Head as a Human Mop: Police
Trump Says He Could Shoot Someone in the Middle of 5th Ave
Young People Surprised By Risky Synthetic Drugs They Considered Safe
My dad is on the Greek Isle of Lesvos pulling refugees out of the sea.
Trump says he could shoot a person and not lose votes
Cough syrup recalled because it has morphine
Panda, others find major winter storm bearable
A dishwasher in Michigan is Tom Brady's secret scouting weapon
Police: Driver Hits Gazebo Featured in Chevy Chase Movie
Denver Marine sues Navy to get Purple Heart after Vietnam injury. The Navy rejected a Denver man's request because his injury was from friendly fire
Thieves steal cheese worth $160,000
Confident Trump says could 'shoot somebody' and not lose voters
Sundance viewers walked out on Daniel Radcliffe's farting boner corpse movie
100 Inmates escape, 2 die in Brazil jailbreak
University Columnist Calls Free Speech 'Expression Of White Supremacy'
Tutankhamun: Egypt museum staff face trial over botched beard job
Man stabs roommate 47 times for pronouncing Espresso with an X.
Police: Suspected theater shooter brought gun to movie fearing mass shooting
Nature Reclaims D.C.'s Snow-Covered Streets
This woman 'beat up her husband with nunchucks because he refused her sex' Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2016/01/23/this-woman-beat-up-her-husband-with-nunchucks-because-he-refused-her-sex-5641043/#ixzz3y7hy2eio
Suspect in Renton theater shooting says he feared random attacks
US election: Donald Trump says he could 'shoot people' and not lose voters
Donald Trump: I could 'shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose voters'
TSA: You cannot pack your Klingon bat'leth in your carry-on
ELI5: how do y'all take such great photos of your guns? Tips?
Woman uses nunchucks to beat her husband who refused to have sex with her
Tennessee Parents Wage War On Gay-Straight Alliance, Compare Club To ISIS
Stinky teenagers losing sleep
Donald Trump says he could 'shoot somebody' and not lose voters
Daniel Radcliffe's Farting Corpse movie prompts walkouts
Donald Trump says he could 'shoot somebody' and still not lose voters
Abused and beaten: MPs need help against violent public - report
This Belgian Noise Band Tattoo Themselves During Their Live Shows
Growing number of PSU students seeking 'sugar daddies' to pay for education
North Korea brews hangover-free liquor.
Trump Claims He Could Shoot Someone And Not Lose Voters
College grads think Judge Judy is on the Supreme Court
Donald Trump: I could shoot somebody and not lose any voters
Suspect in Renton theater shooting says he feared mass shootings
Donald Rumsfeld Just Released The Video Game 'Churchill Solitaire'
PM Narendra Modi's chest now said to measure 50 inches
Classes to ashes, dust to dust: Bizarre moment pupils buried teaching skeleton dubbed 'Arthur' that turned out to be the remains of a real person after being used in science lessons for 40 years
Danes Say Zoo Dissections Fit With Country's 'Very Honest' Parenting
Florida finds yet another way to waste millions of dollars
R. Kelly Says He Was "Absolutely Not" Wrong In His Controversial Relationship With Aaliyah
Women are putting herb balls in their vaginas to detox their wombs
Porn Star Safe After Crash-Landing Plane on Los Angeles Highway
Teen braves snow in shorts, flip-flops
North Korea claims to have invented hangover-free booze.
Hey, I'm Olivia and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Estate agents baffled as to why home in Swedish village called "Penis Vagina" is still on the market after 1,000 days.
Territory ex-pat Mike Beagley passes time in US blizzard by organising nudie run
Tila Tequila launches online fundraiser for moving expenses
Tila Tequila Nguyen Begs Fans For Money On GoFundMe - Reality Star Wants Money To Buy Furniture
Film Starring Daniel Radcliffe as a Farting Corpse With An Erection Prompts Audience Walk-Out
Forget Smartphone! Vertu is offering this Feature Phone for £14,500
Italian court: Bribe from drunk driver 'not enough' to be corrupt
Husband secretly divorced wife after wedding 'to protect assets'
Donald Rumsfeld launches gaming app
Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe's latest role as farting corpse with an erection prompts audience walk out
Petition calling for Emma Watson to spend week in migrant camp to show refugees are 'feminists' grows to 7,000 signatures
Putin to European Jews: Come to Mother Russia!
Man kills himself in drunken Russian Roulette game during Snowzilla
Bar seeks permission for illuminated roof cow
Sister Act-ivists: Cannabis-growing 'nuns' campaign to save their crop
Tennessee husband tried to kill wife by poisoning her toothpaste
The dead people of America really don't want Hillary Clinton to be president
Good Samaritan Shot and Killed by Driver Stuck in Snow, Police Say
A school attempted to teach kids about bullying by letting them get bullied
China Blames Goats For 2015 Drop In Birth Rate
Ohio toddler found stuck in toilet while mom shopped at Walmart
Son finds dad dead in sex swing surrounded by gas cylinders
County news: Man found dead in 'sex swing'
Jeb Bush blames too much regulation for Flint's water crisis.
Pensioner Has Been Using The Same Plastic Bag For 34 Years
8 may face jail time for breaking King Tut's beard
Facebook friends are almost entirely fake, study finds
Five players sent off in River Plate v Boca Juniors 'friendly'
Tech officer spiked poly lecturer's water with 'love potion'
Using Samsung Gear VR to Revolutionize the Restaurant Experience
Migrant Claims Sex With a Dead Girl Not An Assault, Says Conviction Should Be Dropped
A Colleague Drank My Breast Milk and Other Wall Street Tales
'Cards Against Urbanity' Turns Urban Planning into a Game
Volvo claims it will have 'deathproof' cars by 2020
Sheryl Sandberg Sees Facebook Likes As Powerful Weapon Against ISIS, Other Extremists
Man Wearing Panda Suit Challenges Tian Tian to Snow Battle
DC asks: Who's that nut jogging in a blizzard? Answer: an Alaskan
Coldplay to receive Godlike Genius Award at NME Awards 2016 with Austin, Texas
Mitsubishi ends association with Ecstasy
Figure skating program uses picture of wrong Twin City
S Africa girls given student grants to remain virgins
Florida man kills 6-year-old son by crushing him into sofa while playing video games
Teenagers' smelly bedrooms 'could be fuelling insomnia'
Sarah Palin Delivers a Mildly Coherent Endorsement
Smelly bedrooms cause teenagers to lose sleep, says expert
France says AZERTY keyboards fail French typists
Teenagers with 'smelly bedrooms' could be losing out on sleep, according to experts
Girls basketball team gets booted from league for being too good
PARENTS ARRESTED AFTER 2-YEAR-OLD SON FOUND STUCK IN TOILET IN OHIO
Mayor awards scholarships for being a virgin.
Birth place of Bill of Rights partially demolished as people forget its history
Buddhist monk slashed 162 tyres after stepping on insect.
Nearly $50,000 In Bull Semen Stolen From Turlock Truck
Teenagers can't sleep because their rooms are smelly, claims expert
Donald Rumsfeld helped design a Churchill-themed solitaire app
Trump's Plan to Randomly Shoot People Lacks Details, Random Shooters Say
Sheriff: gun shop shootout over $25 kills 2, wounds 2
Police arrest NYC man accused of making girlfriend parade naked on street
Trump claims he could stand on 5th Ave and "shoot somebody" and not lose voters
Buddhist monk Julian Glew slashed 162 tyres after stepping on insect
Gunman threatens Westlake man before helping him free his car from the mud
Texas eighth-grader suspended for rescuing classmate during asthma attack
Ronald McDonald jailed for his role in organised cannabis gang
Licorice Cough Syrup Recalled For Containing Morphine
Master Herbs, Inc. Issues Voluntary Nationwide Recall of All Lots of Licorice Coughing Liquid Due to the Presence of Morphine
Politician tries to use Tinder on campaign trail, it goes horribly wrong
Is scurvy making a comeback?
A protester is accusing Ted Cruz of liking Nickelback
Jon Hamm's Golden Globe Is Spelled Wrong
Businessman buys photograph of a potato for €1m
Password-Dispensing Banana Pushed Into Production
Official Washington D.C. snow depth measurers unable to measure snow because they lost their snow measuring tool in the snow.
Um, someone has written an erotic novel about Donald Trump and a bell boy and we don't know what to say
Flock of sheep help police bring wild (and woolly) car chase to an end
Meet Hobo the Goat who think he's a dog and prefers other pooches to his own species
D.C. weather observers lost their measuring stick in the snow
Australians Aghast At National Avocado Shortage
Five sent off in 'friendly'
Police: Renton shooting suspect said he carried gun because he feared mass shootings
Elementary school student's "wish to become a smartphone" breaks Japanese internet's heart
China's Frenzy for Foreign Condoms Is Giving Low-Libido Japan a Boost
$160K of cheese stolen in Wisconsin in two separate thefts
Carolina Panthers say Waffle House is like a secret weapon
Newcastle's 'Big Boy' funnel-web spider enlisted in anti-venom program
Hillary goes Goth in last-ditch pitch for millennial votes
Rubio reveals rookie status when it comes to cornhole
Daniel Radcliffe's latest role as a darting corpse with an erection makes viewers walk out of the theatre at Sundance premiere
Flint Residents Warned to Pay Toxic Water Bill or Risk Losing Custody of Their Children
Man cited for reading James Patterson behind the wheel
Report: Humans to lose 5 million jobs to robots by 2020
Man moved to tears when his Junior High School bully apologizes, 20 years later.
Flint Residents Told That Their Children Could Be Taken Away If They Don't Pay For City's Poison Water
Sonar vehicle searching for MH370 sinks after hitting volcano in Indian Ocean
Flint Residents Told That Their Children Could Be Taken Away If They Don't Pay For City's Poison Water Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/flint-residents-told-children-pay-citys-poison-water/#W5vJr6mEymAIjx6k.99
South African mayor awards scholarships to virgin women
Argument at Mississippi gun store over $25 fee leads to deadly shooting
Canadian man charged after driving with his car almost completely covered in snow
Netflix Shocked Australians Found A Way To Pirate Content They're Paying For
Trump goes to church in Iowa and hears a sermon about welcoming immigrants
Twitter's top management just announced a massive exodus-on Twitter
The Painting That Sold For $46.5 Million At NY Sotheby's Auction
Kevin Abosch sells photograph of potato for $1.5 million
Refugees Say Germany Must Ban All Alcohol or Sex Attacks Will Continue
Kim Kardashian Exposed For Heavily Photoshopping Racy Desert Pics
Scientists urge world to stop killer robots
New York City Set To Stop Enforcing Law Against Peeing On Sidewalks Because...RACISM!
B.o.B Is Doing Everything He Can to Prove the Earth Is Flat
Hướng dẫn sửa máy giặt Panasonic tại nhà dễ dàng
Planet Nine: Collision with giant ice planet on the edge of our solar system 'will wipe out Earth in 2016'
Donald Rumsfeld Releases War-Themed Solitaire Gaming App
Chinese police criticised for holding man over 'Two-Wife Policy' fake news article
"We All Need The D" Says This Hilariously Awkward Yukon Government Ad
Dog accidentally runs US half-marathon, finishes in an impressive seventh place Read more at http://www.9news.com.au/world/2016/01/25/12/38/dog-accidentally-runs-us-half-marathon-finishes-in-an-impressive-seventh-place#SV05wSWlxdGymQ2A.99
Dog accidentally runs US half-marathon, finishes in an impressive seventh place
Eight people face charges over broken King Tut mask
Family froze to death while in line to buy "Closed for the Winter" tickets
Alleged Accidental Benghazi Movie Shooter Told Police He Had a Gun Because He Was Afraid of Mass Shootings
Wisconsin Thieves Swipe $160,000 Worth of Cheese
Israelis slam LeBron James over local hero Blatt's firing
High school girls basketball team gets kicked out of their league prior to tournament because they are "too talented"
College Girl Hot Romance With Electrician at hostel room
Supernatural Dolls Welcome Aboard Thai Planes With Child Ticket
Blue and green honey makes French beekeepers see red.
Former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld Tries His Hand At App Development
Rapper claims that the world is flat
A Drug to Cure Fear
Wendy's and burger King add some flame broiled goodness to twitter beef
MH370 search team loses sonar detector mapping seabed
Michigan Militia to "take up arms"
Sleepless grandma waiting to hear if U.K. lottery will award her $66M after she put winning ticket through wash
Hate that: Woman puts £33m winning lottery ticket in wash
Hackers' broken English surprises ministry officials
British man must give police 24 hours notice if he plans to have sex
Someone just couldn't finish their spaghetti before #jonas
Planet X Conspiracy Theorists Are Disappointed With Planet X Discovery
Donald Rumsfeld launches solitaire app inspired by Winston Churchill
Gun-Store Owner, Son Die in Shootout With Customers
Fake Archbishop 'selling Aldi olive oil as miracle cancer cure' - Telegraph
Trailer with $70,000 worth of cheese stolen in Wisconsin
The horniest dinosaurs were the sexiest, scientists claim
Proposal: Shut Off Niagra Falls to Replace Bridges
Erstwhile Rapper B.o.B. Is Convinced the Earth Is Flat
Facebook friends are almost entirely fake, finds study
Twitter explodes with racist Cam Newton tweets after NFC Championship game.
Teenage Robbery Suspect Arrested after Chase in Santa Maria; Getaway Driver Gets Away
Texas House Panel Approves Full Legalization Of Marijuana In 'Unprecedented' Move « CBS Houston
Zim man wins car, later arrested for driving without a licence
Accomplished college student arrested; tased security to steal textbooks.
Kanye West reveals tracklist for 'Swish' and calls it the best album of all time
Kanye West Swish: Rapper shares tracklist for 'the best album of all-time'
Gay newspaper plans to protest their removal from university campus by having topless women distribute their issue
Enterprising New Yorker builds igloo during blizzard, lists it on Airbnb
Man who says he feared mass shootings accidentally shoots stranger in movie theater, police say
Girl allegedly immolates self over lack of toilet at home
This Muslim Cleric Says AIDS Can Be Cured In 24 Hours Using The Quran
16 Young South African Women Receive Scholarship for Staying Virgins
The coolest rental in Brooklyn this weekend was a $200/night igloo
Mr. Shkreli Goes to Washington and Mocks Ghostface Killah
Man who accidentally shot a woman during '13 Hours' had the gun because he was 'concerned about mass shootings'
Historic Vermont gazebo used in Chevy Chase film destroyed by alleged drunk driver with cat in car
Irish potato picture sells for £750,000
Child attacked by 'zombie' raccoon, saved by family dog
The Relationship between the Scientology and the Nation of Islam
Why the Earth Is Flat, Straight From the Mouth of a Very Popular Rapper
Rapper B.o.B. Is the Latest Celebrity to Preach That the Earth is Flat
Photo of 'garden-variety' potato sells for remarkable $1.5 million
Lawyer Uses Mickey Mouse to Argue Sex Video Case
Tutankhamun mask: Eight face trial for knocking beard off iconic artefact and then trying to glue it back on
Kids would rather play Xbox than make money shoveling. It's pitiful.
Coca-Cola, Jeans and Playboy caused moral decline in Ukraine, rebel leader says
Ben & Jerry's co-founder creates Sanders ice cream
Homeowners Sued For Parking Truck In Their Own Driveway
Commuter Train Held Up By 'Strong Sunlight'
Donald Rumsfeld releases solitaire app
Alabama bloodhound 'accidentally' runs half-marathon, finishes in 7th place
Dog Sneaks Into Half Marathon, Places Seventh
The Yiannopoulos Privilege Grant will help disadvantaged white male students
Ben & Jerry's founder unveils new 'Bernie's Yearning' ice cream flavor Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2016/01/bernie-sanders-ben-and-jerrys-bernies-yearning-218185#ixzz3yHNY0R1C
Ben & Jerry's co-founder creates Bernie Sanders ice cream
Man Facing Felony Charges After Beating Daughter With Frozen Bacon
Ben & Jerry's founder unveils new 'Bernie's Yearning' ice cream flavor
$160G worth of cheese stolen in Wisconsin
Cat called chairman meow sent letter to sign up to vote
Gun store owner and son killed, two others injured over $25 fee dispute
Man reunites with stolen snowboard 26 years later
2 arraigned in beating, stabbing over chili
Woman shot during screening of Michael Bay's 13 Hours
'Putin is corrupt' says US Treasury
A picture of a potato was sold for $1.5 million
ABC News U.S. World Politics Entertainment Health Tech More ABCNews Shows Live 4 Video 00:00 Why President Obama Says He Wouldn't Want to Run for a Third Term
Why President Obama Says He Wouldn't Want to Run for a Third Term
Girls basketball team in Minnesota is kicked out of league after other teams complained they were TOO GOOD
Woman arrested for stinking up bathroom and closing down restaurant
Coyotes running at cars near San Francisco could be 'high on magic mushrooms'
600-Year old medieval broadsword found after 72 years.
First Monkeys with Autism Created in China.
Donald Rumsfeld releases video game based on Winston Churchill's favourite card game
Protester hits Ted Cruz where it hurts: Accuses him of liking Nickelback
Girls basketball team kicked out of league for being too good
Rapper BoB insists the Earth is flat: 'I didn't wanna believe it either'
Tennessee Lawmakers Endorse Bid To Declare All Marriage Illegal In Order To Spite Equality
East Chicago councilman charged with murder takes oath of office while behind bars
999 distress call victim 'was goat'
Donald Rumsfeld's iOS Game, 'Churchill Solitaire' Available Now, Coming Soon To Android
Sales execs who missed targets forced to kneel on public bridge and chant 'We are sorry'
'We All Need the D,' Says Ad Campaign That Obviously Doesn't Know What 'the D' Means
Waffle House taking reservations for candlelit Valentine's Day dinner in Alabama
Men, Women, and Children Discover 'We All Need the D'
Man buns are on the rise (+video)
East Chicago councilman sworn in from behind bars.
U.S. war architect Donald Rumsfeld is now an iPhone game developer
Man trespasses, demands chicken, bites officers in St. Clair County, police say
Narendra Modi won't stop hugging world leaders no matter how awkward it is
Why We Took Our 2-Month-Old Baby to a Plastic Surgeon
All-day breakfast pays off as McDonald's shares hit record high
WATCH: Loincloth-clad Oregon militant challenges Chris Christie to a sumo match in this bonkers video
You Could Win a Pint of This Bernie Sanders Ice Cream
Due Process Is Dead: A Staggering 95% Of All Inmates In America Have Never Received A Trial
Fishy Business: Police Bust Illegal Night Club at Exotic Fish Store | NBC Connecticut
Why the world could use a Muslim jedi
First vegan butcher shop in U.S. opens in Minneapolis
Two paranoid men called police on themselves while transporting marijuana
Dog goes out to pee, accidentally runs half-marathon, comes 7th
Nick Cannon Pens Poem About Oscars Controversy and Boycott: Watch His Spoken-Word Piece
After owner April Hamlin let her out to pee, this dog accidentally ran the Elkmont Half-Marathon and came 7th | Metro News
Ben & Jerry's co-founder shares Bernie Sanders ice cream idea
Ben & Jerry's founder makes flavor for Bernie Sanders
Dog 'Accidentally' Runs Half-Marathon, Finishes Seventh
Counterfeit 'hoverboards' seized at Peace Bridge
Oregon militant challenges Chris Christie to sumo wrestling to end standoff
Grand Jury investigating Planned Parenthood indicts anti-abortion activists instead
A grand jury investigating Planned Parenthood over tissue sales has instead indicted two anti-abortion activists
A Customer Is Suing Papa John's Over 16 Cents
400-pound militiaman challenges Chris Christie to wrestling match
Texas Grand Jury Investigating Planned Parenthood Decides To Indict Anti-Abortion Activists Instead
New Yorker Posts Brooklyn Igloo on Airbnb During Blizzard, Only $200 a Night
Glenn Beck: Donald Trump Shooting Remark "Dangerous."
Neil deGrasse Tyson Tries Teaching Rapper B.o.B That the Earth is Actually Round
Noted torture enthusiast Donald Rumsfeld has made a really difficult solitaire app
/r/nottheonion hits 5 Million subscribers
Irish potato picture sells for £750,000 - BBC Newsbeat
Another cheese caper: $90K worth of parmesan stolen in Marshfield prior to theft in Germantown
Lone attendee from O'Malley event makes up his mind Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2016/01/martin-omalley-iowa-spectator-218200#ixzz3yIk1F3SJ
Jim Nantz reveals career goal is to broadcast the 100th Masters in 2036
Flat-Earthers are back: 'It's almost like the beginning of a new religion'
Arizona Lawmaker Wants $750 Photo Tickets and No Service Requirement
'I thought it was a bumpy road' said drink driver with tyre missing
Lone attendee from O'Malley event makes up his mind
PIRATE PARTY PROSECUTED FOR OPERATING A PIRATE SITE
Indiana's Newest Councilman Is an Accused Murderer Who's Currently Behind Bars
UK Film Censors Forced To Watch A 10 Hour Movie Of Paint Drying
Comedian writes erotic fiction starring Donald Trump
THE GREATEST VALENTINES GIFT OF ALL TIME
Canada's Progressive New Government Bans the Words "Mother" and "Father" in Schools
Judicial fitness commission votes unanimously to remove Ore. judge who hung portrait of Hitler and refused to perform same-sex weddings
Washington State Representative claims to be Iraq and Afghanistan combat veteran, can't remember when he deployed or with what unit alters bio after caught
Meet the Comedian Who Wrote a Hit Erotic Novella Starring Donald Trump
Scientists in China create, for the first time, autistic monkeys. They now say they will attempt to cure them.
"My Little Pony" Sued For Using a Pirated Font
Law professor argues in UBC human rights complaint that Indigenous scholars shouldn't have to publish peer-reviewed research
City councilman accused of murder sworn into office in jail
Child attacked by rabid raccoon
Fugitives Call 911 for Rescue After Fleeing Into Sierra Wilderness Amid Freezing Conditions
New Yorker builds igloo and lists it on Airbnb during Storm Jonas
Someone In Brooklyn Built An Igloo In The Blizzard, Then Listed It On Airbnb
Dead sperm whales wash up in Skegness, already covered in graffiti.
Oregon protester challenges Chris Christie to sumo match... really
Brooklyn man builds igloo in backyard and lists it on Airbnb; website takes it down
Man Defecates in Stairwell of Public Library Twice: Police
THE PRESS TELEVISION TECHNOLOGY ADVERTISING & BRANDING ADFREAK VIDEO SUBSCRIBE Search Search 'We All Need the D,' Says Ad Campaign That Obviously Doesn't Know What 'the D' Means
Daniel Radcliffe on farting corpse film Swiss Army Man: 'It's exciting using farts to make people super uncomfortable'
New Yorkers Try to Bring in Cold Cash With Airbnb Igloo Rental
Trump stays at Holiday Inn Express in Iowa
The Yukon wants to make sure you're getting enough of "the D" in ill-advised ad campaign
Police: Man drops a deuce in hallway at local Philadelphia library (Lower Merion)
Woman Who Shot at Home Depot Shoplifters: "I will never help anyone again."
Donald Rumsfeld: "At 83, I Decided to Develop an App. I've done business, politics, and war. Now I'm trying my hand at mobile gaming."
Officer helps sloth cross the road
'Today We Are His Family': Teen Volunteers Mourn Those Who Died Alone
Los Angeles Lakers Head Coach Byron Scott wants to fight Instagram trolls
Woman Afraid to Drive During Blizzard Found Dead in NJ Burger King Parking Lot
Gov. Chris Christie's Older Brother offers to End Oregon Standoff. Offers Sumo Challenge to Chris Christie.
Bill Clinton Speech in Las Vegas At National Porn Convention (LEGEND)
Winston Churchill's lost card game now on iOS thanks to Donald Rumsfeld
Stoned Drug Traffickers Call 911 on Themselves
John Mayer Started a Band with Dave Chapelle
Airbnb Won't List This Brooklyn Igloo
Internet cat video festival is 'harder to get tickets to than Burning Man'
Councilman Jailed on Murder Charges Takes Oath Behind Bars
Meet The Most Pampered Vegetables In America
Police: Suspect who robbed bank across street from station in custody
Oregon refuge occupant challenges Chris Christie to sumo wrestling
Best dog doors for sliding glass doors
Pittsburgh woman killed after turning man down at a bar
Obama to End Solitary Confinement for Juveniles in Federal Prisons
Police in Milwaukee recover stolen cheese worth $70,000
The 'Doctor' Who Implanted Goat Balls on Men and Tried to Become Governor of Kansas
Washington-State Republican caught photoshopping himself as a combat veteran on social media
The Strange, True Tale of the Old-Timey Goat Testicle-Implanting 'Governor'
Thieves try to siphon gas from bus, they suck on the sewage line by mistake
Olé? Bullfighter takes five-month-old baby into the ring
The sound of Jesus' voice in my daughter's scream
Pelican dives in during North Shore swim meet (w/video)
Meet the Presidential Hopeful Promising Free Ponies For All, Mandatory Toothbrushing
Dog goes out to pee, accidentally runs half-marathon, comes in 7th
Jealous Malaysian man attacks girlfriend with axe after she gets Facebook praise for her looks
Newark man shot during dispute over shovel
Syrians feel 'hopeless' as government-sponsored refugees in Toronto, mother says
Bernie Sanders a Target for Ads by Republican Donor
Minnesota Girls Basketball Team Kicked out of League for Being Too Good
Donald Rumsfeld Launched A Winston Churchill Solitaire App
New SF Tech company ships poop on-demand in mail
B.O.B. Just Started a Rap War With Neil DeGrasse Tyson Over His Flat Earth Tweets
Alberta Government to Schools: Don't Use the Words 'Mother' and 'Father'
Play Doh Fruit making with Kids toys play set | Lets learn how to make p...
First Vegan Butcher Shop in the U.S. Now Open
Woody Allen casts pop star Miley Cyrus for Amazon series
D.C.'s 'official' snow total doesn't measure up, Apparently tables aren't a good measuring instrument.
41,000 POUNDS OF CHEESE MISSING FROM MARSHFIELD FACILITY
D.C.'s 'official' snow total doesn't measure up.
Heterosexual couple challenge civil partnerships ban
Najib Razak: Malaysian PM cleared over $980 million Saudi 'donation'
Malaysia's attorney-general said on Tuesday that $681m transferred into prime minister Najib Razak's personal bank account was a gift from the royal family in Saudi Arabia, and there were no criminal offences or corruption involved.
Máy đo huyết cao và cách dùng
Avocado prices, demand put pressure on Australian cafes and restaurants
David Bowery: Bowery sign unofficially renamed in honor of David Bowie
Man Gets 20-Foot Tapeworm from Eating Raw Meat
Britain's worst sheep dog chased by flock
Ci, world's worst sheepdog, is scared of sheep: Video Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2011/06/22/ci-worlds-worst-sheepdog-is-scared-of-sheep-video-53156/#ixzz3yLVMbRnz
'Jihadi Jack': Briton Jack Letts dismisses reports he's joined Isis as 'awkward'
Irish photographer says he sold picture of potato for €1m
Santa Claus arrested for DUI in Idaho
Iceland is officially worshipping Norse gods again.
'I didn't wanna believe it either': Rapper BoB insists the Earth is flat
Amazing apps and games I love playing you will love these apps try it out I just recently found out about the website and I decided to share here.
Runaway cow roped by New York City police gets new home
No whey. Thieves steal truckloads of cheese in Wisconsin
Two Men Have Epic Bat-Stick Fight At Intersection
Man plays poker at his own funeral
Pittsburgh woman shot to death after turning down man at a bar
Driver is made to pay £145 for eating a banana behind the wheel while her car was stuck in a traffic jam
Man who feared mass shootings brings gun to movie theater, accidentally shoots woman
Legal incest is 'a logical result of secularism', says Free Church of Scotland
Joseph Fiennes to play Michael Jackson in 9/11 road-trip drama
It Turns Out Some Famous Women Have Adult Actresses That Look Just Like Them
Girl faces fine for protecting herself against sexual assault
A public health campaign in Canada is asking people 'Are you getting enough D?'
Rome spares Iranian president's blushes by covering nude statues
Cop's out-of-control scooter costs the city $3 million
Teen who died was possibly drinking mixture of racing fuel and Mountain Dew
Refugee Activist Emma Watson Gets Challenged to Spend a Week in a Migrant Camp
Thai airline allows passengers to buy seat for 'supernatural' dolls
Life is lonely in Edina, teen tells mayor
Donald Trump triumphs as hero of 'sensual and tawdry' erotic novel
AirBnB removes New York igloo charging $200 a night
"Rapper" B.o.B. makes a Neil DeGrasse Tyson diss track to support his claim that the Earth is indeed flat.
Matador under fire for bullfighting with his baby
Terrifying IoT Search Engine Lets Us See Inside Strangers' Homes
Phish Fan Returning from Mexico Alerted Officials at JFK Airport's Lack of Customs Security
Rapper B.o.B thinks the Earth is flat, has photographs to prove it
Women protest their husbands' inability to impregnate them
Teens who died were possibly drinking racing fuel and Mountain Dew
Burger King employee quits, steals all chicken nuggets
Former deputies say Alabama sheriff fired them for not getting marijuana for dying aunt
Eritrea orders men to marry two wives or be jailed
If Momma ain't happy, no ones happy
South African mayor defends virgin scholarships for students
B.o.B. wrote a Neil deGrasse Tyson diss track to prove the Earth is flat
Dog finishes 7th after running entire half marathon
Grandma jailed for hiding cocaine in private parts
Pelican crashes Florida swim meet, swimmers oblivious
STATE FUNDING FOR AUTISM PROGRAM CUT ON WORLD AUTISM DAY, ADVOCATE SAYS
Hookah bar workers at risk from secondhand smoke
Why Are We Paying Sales Tax on Tampons?
Denmark approves controversial refugee bill allowing police to seize asylum seekers' cash and valuables | Europe | News
Secondhand Smoke in Hookah Bars May Put Employees at Risk
Malaysian PM cleared of graft after funds in account declared a Saudi gift
Niagara Falls Residents Terrorized By University Of Iowa Fight Song
Election or Kalashnikov to get rid of prime minister, Czech president jokes
Eritrean Government law saying men should marry two wives or risk jail
Pakistani Man Marries Two Women On The Same Day
Dog Meat Festival is Canceled in China
Indian Air Force Jet Accidentaly Drops 5 Bombs Over Rajasthan, Explosions Spread Panic But No Casualties Reported
Bull semen, worth $50,000, stolen from Calif. farmer's truck.
One Salmon Costs More Than Barrel of Oil as Slump Deepens
Scientists find link between oxygen and lung cancer
New condom machine won't dispense if you fail its breathalyser test
Brazil Health Minister: "Brazil is mobilizing 220,000 soldiers to fight Mosquito responsible for virus"
Ofsted can downgrade schools for Islamic veils
B.o.B still thinks the earth is flat and released a conspiracy-filled diss track against Neil deGrasse Tyson
Sheriff: Good Samaritan shot, killed by drunk driver he tried to help
Health Minister: Brazil Is 'Losing Battle' Against Mosquito
Twitter says a white British actor playing a Mexican American is exactly what's wrong with Hollywood
Cop accused of sending dick pic to 16-year-old; his lawyer says it's no big deal because she's probably seen a penis on the Internet
Donald Trump Condoms Are A Thing For Some Reason
BPD officer's lawyer: Lewd photo shouldn't have upset teen girl
Rapper B.o.B. believes the Earth is Flat
Michael Jackson secretly wrote the music for 'Sonic the Hedgehog 3'
Yukon Rethinks Its 'We All Need the D' Public Health Ad
Rapper B.o.B Says the Earth Is Flat, Drops Neil deGrasse Tyson Diss Track
Swedish TV mixes up political debate with children's show subtitles
'Body' floating in water in Newquay turns out to be inflatable sex doll
Kizi Online Games - Playing Dancefloor Dressup game!
Donald Trump On Climate Change: 'I Believe It Goes Up And It Goes Down'
Guy leaves his job at Burger King, steals ALL the chicken nuggets
Нeу, I'm Scarlett аnd I'm wаnting а niсe fuсk... Оnlу fоr reаl men!
Anger in Italy after authorities cover up nude Roman statues of goddesses so as not to offend Iranian president
Sprint cuts customer service jobs, says customers won't notice a difference
Prosecutor: Detroit duo stabs & assaults man over chili stirring
Lizard Found in Kindergartener's Salad Becomes New Class Pet.
Can a children's toy stop drunken Uber passengers from attacking their drivers?
Rapper Argues That The Earth Is Flat, Neil deGrasse Tyson Takes Him To School
Canadian officials approve removing words 'mother' and 'father' from government forms
PM Najib cleared after returning 'personal donation' to Saudi royal family: Malaysia AG
Two UN gang members charged in conspiracy to murder the Bacon brothers during bloody B.C. turf war
Green Anole Lizard Discovered in Student's Greens Becomes Princeton School's Mascot
Man Who Played Bear in THE REVENANT Upset by How Long His Face Was Near Leo's Butt
Maine Gov. LePage: Bring back the guillotine
Nearly $50,000 worth of bull semen stolen from truck
84 year old man wrestles a wolf and wins in Estonia.
Rome's nude statues covered to spare Rouhani's blushes
Bill Gates Sells Licensing Rights To Tiananmen Square Photos (Including the Iconic "Tank Man") To The Chinese
Idaho trying to revoke theater's liquor license for showing "Fifty Shades of Grey"
Vulture apprehended in Lebanon on suspicion of spying
Vapists Live In Constant Paranoid Fear
Florida man quits his job at Burger King, steals all the chicken nuggets
New Yorker builds igloo in his garden during Storm Jonas and lists it on Airbnb for $200 a night
Lizard found in kindergartner's salad becomes new class pet
Million-dollar bill user pleads ignorance, blames Treasury.
Primary school headteacher writes to parents to complain about them dropping their children off while still wearing their PYJAMAS
Bill Maher: The Oscars' Diversity Problem Is 'Racist' Asians' Fault
B.o.B Drops Neil deGrasse Tyson Diss Track After Claiming Earth Is Flat
Ferndale 7-Eleven clerk faces trial for felony embezzlement.
Iranian president Rouhani asks pope to pray for him after Vatican talks
Italy covers up nude marble statues for Iranian president's visit
Headteacher asks parents to stop wearing pyjamas while on the school run
Tennessee Teens Die from Drinking Mountain Dew and Racing Fuel
Tennessee Dollar General Manager Allegedly Raped Shoplifters
Battle Over $200-a-Vial Bull Semen Could Rock the Dairy Industry
Uber driver 'pulls gun' on passenger in Florida
'Barney Miller' actor Abe Vigoda dies at 94
10-Hour Movie Of Paint Drying Gets 'U' Rating
Erotic Donald Trump novella tops Amazon charts
Papa John's sued for 16 cents
Lebanese Priest Thinks Yoga is Satanic, Lebanese Police Believe Him
Mizzou QB Suspended for Allegedly Snorting Cocaine on Video
Flat earth rapper BoB releases deGrasse Tyson diss track
Police: Shoplifter passed out twice in K-Mart
Rapper B.o.B Believes The World Is Flat, Drops Diss-Track On Astrophysicist Neil Tyson
Rapper B.o.B says Earth is flat, disses Neil DeGrasse Tyson with new truther track 'Flatline'
Flat earth rapper BoB releases Neil deGrasse Tyson diss track
Vulture arrested in Lebanon on suspicion of spying
Feds Spend $80,000 to See What Effect Spaceflight Has on Herpes
These gay men became 'father and son.' Now they want to get married but can't
Man finds $1M lotto ticket cleaning during storm
Police find missing ten-year-old girl in a Russian house with a middle-aged man... who claims he won her in a game of cards with her father
Santa Claus pulled over for wrong-way driving, arrested for DUI
Dallas dad not guilty for taking tween daughter's phone
Coyotes, Possibly High On Magic Mushrooms, Attacking Cars Near Stinson Beach
Danish teen fought off her attacker - now she'll face fine
MSP: Man Dies On I-75 While Masturbating Behind The Wheel, Pantsless
Philadelphians Throw Snowballs at TV Reporters
Maine Gov. Paul LePage: Bring back the guillotine for drug traffickers
Oregon Militia desperate for media attention Challenges Chris Christy to Sumo match [Video]
Headteacher asks parents to stop doing school run in their pyjamas
Woman Outed on Facebook For Cheating With Her Cousin & She's Actually Proud Of It
Airbnb Shuts Down Homemade Igloo in New York City
De Blasio blames Queens residents for snowplow nightmare
Oprah lost 26 pounds. Weight Watchers stock soars.
Man Dies On I-75 While Masturbating Behind The Wheel, Pantsless
Italy covers Roman nude statues for Iran President Hassan Rouhani visit
Man Dies On I-75 While Allegedly Masturbating Behind The Wheel, Pantsless
Darlington head teacher tells parents to 'wash and get dressed'
Italy's nude statues covered for Iranian president's visit
Yukon pulls cheeky 'need the D' ads
Rapper B.o.B Insists Earth Is Flat. Take That, Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Republicans: Let Kids Handle Pistols and Revolvers
Man gets sentenced to 5 years for robbing 6 banks with a bike.
Brit backpacker, 21, died after getting stuck between two sofas at Aussie hostel
Israeli 'spy vulture' captured in south Lebanon
MSP: Man was watching porn while driving before fatal crash
Burger King employee quits, steals all the chicken nuggets.
Noah's ark replica theme park given the go ahead to discriminate against religious beliefs for hiring purposes
Second teen dies after drinking racing fuel mixed with soda
B.o.B's diss track 'Flatline' criticizes Neil deGrasse Tyson for lying about science and Obama for being controlled by the Jews
Patriots fan completes Super Bowl 50 'champs' tattoo before AFC loss
U of Oregon Debates Removing MLK Quote For Not Being Inclusive Enough
One salmon costs more than a barrel of oil
'Kielbasa' toss sees hockey fans shower Dauphin Kings ice with 'sausage'
Maine governor suggests bringing back guillotine
Pittsburgh Woman Shot And Killed For Declining A Man's Advances At A Local Bar
Listen to Majorly Stoned Drug Traffickers Call the Cops on Themselves
Battle Over $200-a-Vial Bull Semen May Rock Dairy Farms
Paramount Pictures lawsuit claims production assistants were forced to poop in their cars
Tony the Tiger facing Twitter backlash from furries
A Broncos Player Said He Tried To Rub His Nut's On Tom Brady's Face
Daniel Radcliffe's farty boner corpse movie isn't too bad
$1.2billion proposed temple designed to invite communication with extra-terrestrial beings from outer space.
A Broncos Player Said He Tried To Rub His Nuts On Tom Brady's Face
Man Leaves "Unwanted Present" Inside Inside Bryn Mawr Library Stairwell
Dog accidently finishes half-marathon in seventh place after being let out to pee
Neil deGrasse Tyson Gets Into A Rap Battle With B.o.B. Over Flat Earth Theory
Madonna spanks Ariana Grande in the name of doughnuts everywhere
Swiss Army Man: Daniel Radcliffe's flatulent corpse prompts Sundance walkouts
Papa John's sued over 16 cents
It's Healthy to Visit the Pub, Says Oxford Anthropologist
Neil deGrasse Tyson Responds to B.o.B Diss Track with Drake-Referencing 'Flat to Fact'
Archetypical Donald Trump voter John Rocker plans to vote for Donald Trump
Fugitives on the lam(b) thwarted by flock of sheep
Pantsless Detroit motorist watching porn on phone crashes, flies through sunroof, dies
Police confirm they're looking into doll torture claims
Cops: Pantsless Motorist Killed In Crash Was Masturbating While Watching Porn Flick On His Phone
112-year-old woman puts her age down to smoking 30 cigs a day
Caregivers Caught Torturing Dementia Patients' Comfort Dolls
Man Dies in Car Crash After Watching Porn While Driving
The Gov. Jim Gilmore comeback begins on Thursday.
Yoga class earlier put on hold over 'oppression' resumes - minus the white teacher
Dying man's last wish was for others not to vote for Donald Trump
Rapper B.o.B. thinks the Earth is flat and calls out Neil DeGrasse Tyson. Tyson responds...
Lebanese men proudly display 'Israeli spy vulture' captured while 'observing them'... only to realise the bird had merely been tagged by conservationists
Trending U.K. government misspells 'language' while announcing English tests for migrants
U.K. government misspells 'language' while announcing English tests for migrants
Rapper B.o.B Insists Earth Is Flat.
Man dies while watching porn and driving in Michigan
Backpacker dies after getting stuck between two sofas - "once-in-a-lifetime trip"
Why can't we dump all the snow in Washington DC into the Potomac river to clear the streets?
$160,000 worth of cheese stolen in Wisconsin. Two different robberies of cheese take place in the same week, putting the state on alert.
Maine Gov. Paul LePage Calls for Use of Guillotine for Drug Traffickers
How one of porn's biggest stars became a fantasy football guru
Man who shot woman during benghazi movie was armed because he feared mass shootings
Joseph Fiennes to Play Michael Jackson in 9/11 Drama
Officials say teen may have died from drinking racing fuel and Mountain Dew
B.o.B. Drops Song About How the Earth is Flat, Casually Name Checks Holocaust Denier, and begins rap battle with Neil DeGrasse Tyson.
Joseph Fiennes to play Michael Jackson in bizarre 9/11 comedy
Ukraine cages it's own soldiers for being drunk in an open dunk tank
Childless man learns he might be a dad
Tim Cook Blames the Dollar for Not Making More Dollars
Police: Man who died in fatal crash was pantsless, distracted watching porn
999 operators must ask permission to use toilet under new policy
Joseph Fiennes Playing Michael Jackson In 9/11 Drama
Boy, 14, suffers horrific facial injuries and is left blind in one eye after attempting 'duct tape challenge'
Hip Hop artist B.o.B releases Diss Track directed at Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson
Michigan Man Watched Porn While Driving Before Fatal Car Crash, Police Say
'999' workers complain they're only allowed seven minutes for toilet breaks
U of Oregon Students Debated Removing MLK Quote From Wall Because It Wasn't Inclusive Enough.
Ukraine cages it's own soldiers for being drunk, in open air dunk tanks
Hip-Hop Artist B.o.B claims world is flat, releases diss track directed at Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Officials Say Tennessee Teen May Have Died From Drinking Racing Fuel and Mountain Dew
Death certificate to be issued for unborn baby
Joseph Fiennes to play Michael Jackson in a 9/11 Road Trip Dramedy
Ukraine cages its soldiers to stop them getting drunk
Virginia man charged in intriguing 'suspicious bacon' case
Oprah Winfrey Made $12 Million From One Tweet About Bread (Yes, Seriously)
Physics grad student makes $50k piece of high tech lab equipment with Lego, gets same results
PhD student remakes high-tech lab equipment from Lego, with the same results
Yahoo News A Broncos Player Said He Tried To Rub His Nuts On Tom Brady's Face
This 112-year-old woman smokes 30 cigarettes a day
A 14-Year-Old Is Lucky To Be Alive After Injuring Himself Playing A Popular YouTube Game
Michigan man dies in crash while driving and masturbating to porn on his phone
B.o.B drops 'Flatline', a rap about how the Earth is definitely flat
Hillary Clinton Doing Back-to-Back Finance Industry Fundraisers Just Before Iowa
Teen happy to be alive after accepting duct-tape challenge
Check out Philadelphia's Brand-New Commercial (Benjamin Franklin fighting a Cheesesteak)
Minnesota Basketball Team Kicked Out Of League For Being Too Good
Russian Spy was Murdered for claiming Putin Had sex with Boys
My colleague drank my breast milk: What it's like to be a woman on Wall Street
Austin police department assign detective to case of $75,000 in stolen Magic the Gathering cards, who plays Magic the Gathering.
EXCLUSIVE: Balloon Boy Officially Endorses Donald J. Trump for President
Malia Obama Sends Acceptance Letter To Harvard
14-year-old Laura Dekker sets out on a two-year voyage in pursuit of her parents dream to be rich and famous.
Boy aged 7 forced to marry stray dog in religious ceremony
Man dies while watching porn & driving in Michigan
In Canada, 4 cauliflowers cost more than a barrel of oil
People refuse to evacuate their homes that are falling into the ocean
Malaysia Says Saudis Gave Prime Minister Najib Razak a $681 Million 'Donation'
Some Syrian refugees in Canada already want to return to the Middle East
Heat part-owner: LeBron wanted Spoelstra fired in Miami
School District announces school closings with Adele's 'Hello'
Malaysia PM Given $681M 'Personal' Gift by Saudi Royals: Officials
Burglar spends 3 hours inside restaurant, helps himself to coffee
Store Employee Rape Two Women After He Caught Them Shoplifting
Hard to bear: Hitler, Gaddafi, Kim Jong-il teddies front Norway health campaign
Dead gambler embalmed, propped up at poker table
Michael Moore Applauds Megyn Kelly for Taking on Donald Trump
Daredevil physicist braves underwater bullet for science
Rat Who Escaped Peril and Made It on Broadway Dies in a Fall
Dog accidentally joins half marathon, finishes 7th overall.
Tony The Tiger Is Really Not Into All These Furries Asking For Sex
Igloo Hotbox Collapse Injures Three
Bill Nye wants NASCAR to switch to electric cars
Teen 'lucky to be alive' after duct tape challenge
In Sweden, cash is not king - it's almost extinct
Yahoo Japan sold 12 tons of elephant ivory in two years, activists claim
Eritrean men ordered to marry two wives or risk jail
Man forces UK film censors to watch 10 hours of paint drying
British film censors have been made to watch 10 hours of paint drying
British censors deem 10-hour movie of paint drying appropriate for all ages
British Movie Rating Board Certifies 10-Hour Film of Paint Drying
Oprah succeeds on Weight Watchers, company instantly worth more
ABC7:East Chicago councilman sworn in from behind bars
Gun Safety gone wrong
Mysterious dude in Iowa is following Ted Cruz around and accusing him of liking Nickelback
State rep. accuses fellow rep.: 'He kept comin, swung, and struck'
British Actor Joseph Fiennes Cast as Michael Jackson in Road Trip Drama About 9/11
United States Senate run entirely by women after blizzard causes male senators to call in sick
Rapper B.o.B. says the Earth is flat; Neil deGrasse Tyson drops diss track in response
Chicago councilman sworn in from behind bars
Migrants find learning English is key to building a new life
Canadian Vitamin-D awareness advertisement slogan: "We all need the D!" goes viral on social media
Kazakhstan creates its own Game of Thrones to defy Putin and Borat
Donald Trump Announces Sheriff Joe Arpaio As Vice Presidential Running Mate
Joseph Fiennes cast to play Michael Jackson in upcoming 9/11 drama
Is this the most photogenic potato? Photo sold for €1m
Carcasses graffitied after five dead sperm whales 'as big as a bus' wash up on English beaches
Almost 30 cats need homes after owner struck and killed crossing Jeff Davis
Uber testing 'Bop It' toy to pacify drunken passengers, monitoring drivers' speeding and breaking
Divorcing Husband Wary Of Wife's Online Deception
NY Rat dies in freak accident just as her Broadway career was flourishing
Councillor buries his cat in the garden, cat comes into the kitchen a few hours later
Uber is giving classic kids' toy Bop It to drunk passengers
Santa Claus arrested for driving the wrong way
Gmail Technical Support Number 1-844-245-7377
Pantless driver dies after being ejected through his sunroof while masturbating to porn on a cellphone when the car crashed and rolled over
Springfield's police review board has not released annual report in nearly two years
BRONCOS PLAYER: 'I TRIED TO RUB MY NUTS ON [TOM BRADY'S] FACE'
Police: Man who died in fatal crash was pantsless, distracted watching porn (Death by Snu Snu)
It don't matter if you're black or white: Joseph Fiennes to play Michael Jackson in bizarre 9/11 drama
Man breaks into house. Leaves with laptop, Playstation 3, and a 12-pack of Ramen Noodles.
Teacher No Longer Employed After Duct Tape Incident: WFISD
Donald Trump Brands Brussels a 'Hellhole,' Alienating More of Europe
This photographer takes $150,000 portraits of Silicon Valley's most powerful people, and he sold a picture of a potato for over $1 million
A Simple Photo of a Potato Sells for Stunning $1.5 Million
More shoppers buying 'natural' food, yet most don't know what it means
Men Must Marry Two Wives Or Face Jail Term, Says Eritrean Government
Maine Girl Bursts Into Happy Tears on Way to Donald Trump Rally
Police: Man dies in crash while watching porn on phone
Han Solo was once set to return as a 10-year-old boy whose adoptive dad was Chewbacca in 2005 prequel Revenge of the Sith.
Detroit motorist watching porn on phone crashes, dies
Hunt for Croydon cat killer as death toll rises
Chris Matthews: 'Who's going to watch a debate between the two Cuban guys?'
Man caught smuggling live birds in 'groin area' aboard flight to Miami
Joseph Fiennes Will Be Michael Jackson in a New Drama
Canadian Campaign 'We All Need The D' Goes Terribly Wrong
Lawmaker Brings Bill To Make Daylight Saving Time Permanent
Friends and Family Dress Dead Gambler in Yankees Gear, Set Him Up At Poker Table One Last Time
Yukon government backtracks on viral 'we all need the D' campaign
Students nation-wide to attend four-day, university funded white privilege bash
Study: Teens, adults opting for porn, 'less risky than actually having sex'
LaVoy Finicum, Ore. occupier who said he'd rather die than go to jail, did just that
Iran's president visits Italy: Nude statues covered
Oprah's made $2.4 million per lost pound
Wave of support for school's ban on parents wearing pyjamas
Minions Help Smuggle Cocaine, Continue To Destroy America
Report: SC woman beats husband with nunchucks for refusing to have sex
Netflix demands Net Neutrality, but makes an exception for T-Mobile
Restaurant and children under 5 for being 'uncontrollable terrors'
Oprah Makes $13.8 Million Tweeting About How Much She Loves Bread
Report: SC woman beats husband with nunchucks for refusing to have sex with her
Irish government minister wants to move date of general election because it clashes with rugby match
The Vicious Cycle of Uber
2 Treated For Smoke Inhalation After Fire Breaks Out At Pet Crematorium
Trailer full of cheese worth $90K stolen in Marshfield
GoFundMe campaign offers mops for Christie
Iowa diner invents Trump burger
Teen number two died after drinking racing fuel infused Mountain Dew.
Broncos vs Seahawks Full Game 2014 | NFL Super Bowl XLVIII
Wayne County forgets to renew its website domain name
Santa Claus arrested for allegedly driving under the influence
Police seek pickup truck seen dragging ATM from Ont. strip club that doubles as church
Drug ring accused of smuggling cocaine in toy Minions
Bernie's Yearning: Ben & Jerry's Co-Founder Unveils New Flavor
Post-blizzard, Sen. Murkowski notes that only women turned up to run the Senate
Lawyer: 16-Year-Old Shouldn't Be Upset By Explicit Photos Cop Sent Her Because She's Probably Seen Penises On The Internet | Techdirt
I spend $10K a year on fitness
99-year-old woman awakes to find a wild animal on her chest 99-year-old woman awakes to find a wild animal on her chest
Are Stoned, Hallucinating Coyotes Terrorizing California Drivers???
B.o.B, Neil deGrasse-Tyson Beef Over Flat Earth
Man saves money on train fare by flying from Sheffield to Stansted via Berlin
Emirati sailor recounts shark attack on his fishing boat; predator leaps aboard
University issues revolving door guide after academic breaks arm
Haitians living in tents, 6 years after Earthquake. The Red Cross raised half a billion dollars for this disaster, 100 plus million dollars set aside specifically for housing. They built 6 houses. 6!
Father Arrested For Theft After Taking Daughter's Phone Vindicated
Race To Find Croydon Cat Killer After More Headless Pets Found
'Witches' Want To Exorcise Logan Square's Gentrification Demons: Chicagoist
Haitians living in tents, 6 years after Earthquake. The Red Cross raised half a billion dollars for this disaster, 100 plus million specifically for housing. They have since built 6 houses. SIX. HOUSES.
Released Documents Show NSA Actually Surprised To Find Itself Portrayed Negatively In Popular Culture
No hope of selling Goebbels love nest, Berlin admits
Schalke defender Nastasic sold for a washing machine.
Insane Clown Posse Sends 10,000 Bottles of Faygo to Flint, Michigan
Texas dad who took away daughter's phone not guilty of theft
Mike Huckabee Parodies Adele's 'Hello' In Tragic Reach For Iowa's Support
Dr. Doom: Outlook 'so depressing' need to swim in beer
House Dem introduces the 'Flamethrowers? Really? Act' of 2016
Huckabee Throws Shade at Cruz Using Adele
Bernie SAND WARS: Episode I - Return of the Bernie
Tony the Tiger has started blocking furries due to their sexual fascination with him
Rapper B.o.B. Claims That Earth Is Flat, Sparks Rap Battle With Neil deGrasse Tyson
Israeli vulture detained in Lebanon on suspicion of being a spy
Dog accidentally runs half-marathon and finishes in seventh place
Pantsless porn-watching driver killed in highway crash: Police
Coyotes High On Mushrooms Possibly To Blame For Strange Incidents On Highway
Daniel Radcliffe Reacts to Walkouts During His Farting Corpse Film Premiere
Two Massive Cheese Heists Happen In One Week in Wisconsin
Dr. Doom: Outlook is 'so depressing' need more beer
Joseph Fiennes to play Michael Jackson in British TV movie
Donald Trump says he'll boycott the Fox News debate
Doggie style: Aussie rugby league star Pearce probed for simulating sex with mutt
Parents told to stop doing school run in PJs
Second teen dies after drinking racing fuel mixed with Mountain Dew
Teens May Have Drunk Fatal Mixture of Racing Fuel, Mountain Dew
Michael Jackson, Marlon Brando and Elizabeth Taylor set off in cross country road trip from NY to LA in made-for-TV movie
Pantsless Man Dies in Car Crash While Masturbating to Porn Behind the Wheel.
'Be like Bill' Facebook meme could be clickbait trap
Massive Cover-Up: Nude Statues In Italy Deemed Too Racy For Iran's President
A Photograph of a Potato Just Sold for Over $1 Million
Joseph Fiennes to play Michael Jackson in TV movie
University of Michigan police searching for restroom hugger
Minnesotan man punches 14-foot tiger shark attacking him, then asks for beer
DEATH BY PORN: MAN KILLED IN CAR CRASH WHILE DRIVING, PANTS-FREE, AND MASTURBATING
2nd Tennessee teen dies after allegedly drinking racing fuel mixed with Mountain Dew
Puerto Rican man 'plays poker' at his own wake
Tax-Free Tampons Are a Matter of 'Social Justice,' Say California Lawmakers
Dad arrested for taking daughters cellphone found not guilty of theft
California thieves steal $50,000 worth of prized bull semen
Danish 17-year-old girl who used a pepper spray to fight off a rapist near migrant asylum centre is told SHE will be prosecuted for carrying the weapon
Man caught going 108 mph in Prius
Bernie Sanders gets an ice cream
Huckabee Decries Obamacare's Failure To Help Slow, Cross-Eyed Cousin Who Got Kicked By Mule
Police sent in to search for woman crying out for help find a goat
AREA SURROUNDING LEVI'S STADIUM TO BE RENAMED SAN FRANCISCO
17-year-old girl faces fine for using pepper spray on sex attacker
CNN - Israeli vulture detained in Lebanon on suspicion of being a spy
CERN Engineers Have to Identify and Disconnect 9,000 Obsolete Cables
Deadly drink: What is 'Dewshine'?
Rapper B.o.B. Releases Diss Track Aimed at Neil DeGrasse Tyson
Back to the Future: DeLorean Going Back Into Production After 34-Year Break
Thirsty Furries Are Sexually Harrassing Tony The Tiger And He Doesn't Think Its Grrreat
Illinois budget fix: Just don't pay the bills
Wife belatedly discovers husband is racist
British Teen Dies From Too Much Deodorant Spray
GoFundMe Page Setup To Send Mops to Governor Christie
Cocktail of Mountain Dew and racing fuel blamed in teens' deaths
Israeli vulture thought to be a spy arrested in Lebanon
Pantsless man killed in crash while allegedly watching porn on phone
Pants-less driver in Detroit dies in wreck watching porn
10 Real Products From History that Contained Addictive Drugs
This Photo of a Potato Sold for $1 Million
'Creedbombing' makes Creed's lead singer a Carolina Panthers fan
Bellevue child rapist loses butt dial fight
If you spot a coyote, haze it, says city of Madison
Police seek pickup truck dragging ATM from Ontario strip club.
Customs: Man smuggled live birds in fanny pack, groin of pants
Grieving family's horror as hardcore pornography played at funeral for father and baby son
Grown man has Twitter meltdown
Mindy Kaling gets it right: "You pronounce Newfoundland like understand"
Dallas dad arrested for taking teen daughter's phone, found not guilty at trial
I Wasn't Making Bombs - I Was Making Drugs, Suspect Tells German Cops
Atari launches Pridefest mobile game in a first for LGBTQ community
Only four of your Facebook friends actually care about you, study finds
Damian Lewis denounced as 'too privileged' for school ceremony
Pantless Michigan Man Watched Porn While Driving Before Fatal Car Crash, Police Say
Police: Man gets haircut before robbing barber shop
Joseph Fiennes to play Michael Jackson in 9/11 road trip comedy
Watch Stephen Hawking and Paul Rudd play quantum chess for Caltech
Actor faces jail time over prop gun used on movie shoot
Badger stew is gourmet dining for British
Police replacing guard dogs with guard geese
Millions Resent Being Put in Horrible Position of Siding with Megyn Kelly
It seems National Geographic finds new was to make my respect them less every day.
Elderly Woman Wakes Up to Find Exotic Animal on Her Chest
Seahawks fan petition calls for ban on Seahawks fan petitions
Doctor who 'mistook an ankle for an elbow' claims evidence was organised to 'discredit him'
Is this the world's most photogenic potato? Photo sells for $1.08m
Even Florida is helping D.C. with snow cleanup, and it's sending a message
Dad Arrested for Taking Daughter's Phone as Punishment.
Pantsless Driver Dies After Crashing Car While Watching Porn
Thieves Used a Pickup Truck to Drag an ATM from a Strip Club That Doubles as a Church
CERN needs to figure out which 9,000 cables to disconnect for LHC upgrade
Father arrested for theft after confiscating 12-year-old daughter's iPhone.
Man discovers photo of strange object on phone
2 Teens Dead, 2 Sick After Drinking Mix of Racing Fuel and Soda
Detroit Man Killed In Car Crash While Watching Porn On Cellphone
Fraternity gets suspended for making joke while playing Cards Against Humanity
BuzzFeed faces $11m defamation lawsuit from viral news agency
Tony The Tiger is having to block horny furries on Twitter
The Fart Spray That Trains Our Troops
Lego is paying people to play with legos.
Teens die after drinking Mountain Dew, racing fuel mix
City of Philadelphia considering legislation requiring all bands & DJs to get registration and police approval. Giving cops full veto power.
Khamenei airs Holocaust denial video on international Remembrance Day
The Man Who Plays the Bear that Attacks Leonardo DiCaprio in The Revenant Is Speaking Out
Donald Trump Announces Sheriff Joe Arpaio As His Vice Presidential Running Mate
UPDATE: Accordion causes school evacuation
Woman wakes up to exotic animal caressing her
Police: Pantsless driver dies on interstate while allegedly watching porn
Soraya Doolbaz - The Girl Who Shoots Dick Pics For A Living! (NSFW)
Mike Huckabee Channels Adele, Burns Bernie Sanders in 'Hello' Parody Video
Pope hits out at Internet trolls
State Police Observe Prius Driving at 108mph, Seize Two Oz. of Marijuana
Donald Trump labels Brussels "a hellhole"
Teen 'nearly died' after taking part in internet 'duct tape challenge' craze
New bill would create a registry of all the bands and DJs that play Philly: 'It's become necessary' xposted /r/Philadelphia
Man Charged for Throwing Tomatoes at Donald Trump During Iowa City Stop
Motorist watching porn on phone dies in accident
McDonald's Hit With Devastating Reports That Its Mozzarella Sticks Might Not Contain Any Cheese
Ben Carson: Uneducated voters the biggest 'threat' to his presidential campaign
Police kick in opera singer's door after confusing singing with screaming
Maine Congressman to Introduce No Welfare for Terrorists Act
Israeli Vulture Detained on Charges of Espionage
Amsterdam police kick in opera singer's door thinking he's screaming
Son who murdered mother says she went 'berserk' when he skipped piano practice
Petition against dwarf-tossing events draws more than 2,600 signatures
'Superman' saves the day and foils cash machine robbery
North Korea demands University of Indonesia create a 'Kim Jong-un' class
Israeli Vulture Detained on Suspicion of Being a Spy
High school wrestling fundraiser to raffle off 9 mm pistol
Eritrea to force men into polygamy due to "male shortage"
Accordion causes school evacuation
Mom And Child Die In The Car While Dad Shovels Snow Outside.
Some McDonald's Mozzarella Sticks Are Missing a Key Ingredient
Man swims with Florida alligators on inflatable crocodile
Raccoon Attacks New Jersey Boy, Bystander Beats It to Death
Google AI algorithm masters ancient game of Go
Study: Gay couples face pressure to marry, conform to relationship status quo.
The admiral in charge of Navy intelligence has not been allowed to see military secrets for years
Norwegian Health Organization Uses Hitler, Gaddafi and Kim Jong Il Teddy Bears to Raise Awareness
Indian Children Rolled In Cow Poop For Good Luck
Poliquin to introduce No Welfare for Terrorists Act
Grieving family's horror as pornographic video played at funeral for father and baby son
Saudi man faces 1,000 lashes for having sex with vacuum cleaner
200-Pound Alligator Found in Suburban Chicago Home After 26 Years
Record Warmth `Almost Certainly' Due to Humans, Scientists Say
Racing fuel, Mountain Dew cocktail blamed in teens' deaths
Bats, shovel and tricycle used in Iowa City melee
White Actor to Play Michael Jackson in Upcoming Movie About 9/11
Ted Cruz Is Selling 'Make Trump Debate Again' Hats
Woodland carjacker turns out to be a bucket, tools and shirt
Filmmaker forces UK censorship board to sit through 607-minute film of paint drying
Insane Clown Posse donating 10,000 bottles of Faygo soda to aid those in the Flint, MI crisis.
Megyn Kelly: Trump a 'breath of fresh air'
Women Who Married Themselves Talk About How It Feels
Anne Frank's stepsister compares Donald Trump to Adolf Hitler
30,000 Service Dogs to be put down due to marijuana laws
Photo of a potato sells for $1.08 million
'The Steve Jobs' of Venezuelan prison gang lords was just killed
Exotic animal found on sleeping woman's chest
Drunk Aussie Bros Stop A Robbery Then Give An Absolutely Hilarious TV Interview
LIZARD FOUND IN NEW JERSEY KINDERGARTNER'S SALAD NOW A CLASS PET
White NAACP Chapter President Under Fire for Telling Latina Reporter "Nice Tits"
Texas father not guilty theft took 12-year-old daughter's cell phone away
Melbourne terrorism accused discussed using kangaroo for Anzac Day attack, court told
'El Chapo' says he can't sleep partly because of scary guard dog
Man seeking warmth arrested for setting fire in building
Media More Outraged by Possible Murder by Putin Than Definite Murder by Obama
Teen planned to pack kangaroo with explosives and let it loose on Anzac Day
Local town mayor declares groundhog day officially Bill Murray day in hopes of him meeting the museum groundhog
North Korea claims to have made a hangover free alcohol.
Egyptian therapist: Jews most sexually perverse ever
Australian arrested for plotting terrorist attack with explosives-laden kangaroo.
kinky club for students?
A Tale Of Two Mascots: How Furries Spurned By Tony The Tiger Are Being Embraced By Chester Cheetah
Circuit City Is Rising From The Dead To Target "Millennials"
Advice: Don't Have Group Sex In The Taco Bell Bathroom, Kids Might Walk In
Snyder's Officials To Flint Residents: It's Safe To Bathe Your Babies In Poisoned Water
Circuit City Set To Return This Spring
Erotic Donald Trump Novel is Getting Spectacular Reviews on Amazon
Australian Accused of Planning to Pack Kangaroo With Bomb
Maclean's: 'We have too much stuff,' says IKEA executive
Watch Mike Huckabee Cover Adele in a Campaign Ad
Photograph of a Truly Impressive Potato Sells for $1.5 Million at a Dinner
Anzac Day terror accused planned to pack kangaroo with explosives: court
Australian teen planned to pack kangaroo with bomb for ISIL-inspired terror attack, trial told
14-year old hospitalized after drinking 4 liters of an energy drink during a 16 hour long LAN party.
McDonald's introduces chocolate-covered french fries to Japan
Eritrea men to marry at least 2 wives or face imprisonment
MILF gets preachers to thwart ISIS recruitment efforts
'I was born in the wrong species': Woman who says she's a CAT trapped in a human body hisses at dogs, hates water and claims she can even see better at night
Australia terror accused discussed 'kangaroo bomb' - BBC News
Why This Photo of a Potato Sold for More Than $1 Million
'Native American' Church Sues the Feds to Get Its Pot Back
Church Fights Seizure of 'Sacramental' Pot
Moose Tasered by wildlife officials after getting caught in make-shift swing
Police respond to domestic violence call, discover opera singer
Tony the Tiger has started blocking furries on twitter due to their sexual fascination with him
The department of labor: Remove 'He' and 'She' from Labor Regs to 'Avoid the Gender Binary'"
Frosted Flakes' Tony The Tiger Is Blocking Furries On Twitter
Serial right-shoe thief suspected in Queenstown
Teenager Sevdet Besim planned to use kangaroo for Anzac Day atrocity, court told
Oregon Militia Idiots Promise to Leave if Chris Christie Can Beat Them in a Sumo Match
Tom Brady's adorable kids help him get over rough AFC title loss
Helping hand for father in need
Chinese man jumps to his death after shopping fight with girlfriend
Chinese man pleads guilty for plot to steal U.S. corn secrets
School children asked to choose from list of 23 terms to describe their gender
Father arrested for confiscating 12 year old daughter's iPhone
Teen plotted to pack kangaroo with explosives on Anzac Day, court hears
Generally, the life of a harvested potato is violent and taken for granted. I use the potato as a proxy for the ontological study of the human experience.
Australian teen allegedly planned to pack kangaroo with explosives to target police
Indian fighter jet shoots down 'Pakistani balloon'
Life near the Aliso Canyon gas leak: 'When it's breezy, I'm lethargic'
Teen Accused of ISIS Plot to Bomb Cops Using Kangaroo: Reports
Teenager Sevdet Besim allegedly planned to target police with explosive kangaroo
Shrek locked up for dealing 35g of the drug ice
Blogger travels from Sheffield to Essex via Berlin to save cash
Seattle to pay poet to live in a bridge
Three legged Pitbull helps stop armed assault
Woman says she is a cat trapped in the wrong body - she hisses at dogs, hates water and claims she can even see better at night
Joseph Fiennes 'shocked' to be cast as Michael Jackson
Hollywood Is Too White, Says Lena Dunham, Whose Own Show Is All White
Scientists create the first ever autistic monkeys
facebook twitter pinterest email comments Are Stoned, Hallucinating Coyotes Terrorizing California Drivers?
Porn film accidentally shown at funeral service for father and baby son
Teenager flies from Sheffield to Essex via Berlin because it is cheaper than getting the train
Santa Claus arrested for DUI after driving wrong way down street in Idaho
Federer's amazing shot in the Australian Open today made a man in wheelchair stand and applaud!
Bathrooms are worth a lot
Teenager Accused Of Kangaroo Bomb Plot
Polish teenager may face charges for using the Navy SEAL copypasta (article in Polish)
Copenhagen gets 'soothing' musical ambulances
Snowstall: Buffalo 15th among snowiest U.S. Cities
STUDY PROVES MOST ALIENS ARE DWARFS
Woman claims legal ownership of the sun
A New England Patriots fan was a bit premature when he got a tattoo declaring the team champions of a game they never reached - yet he says he has no regrets. He says his chin tattoo of an ex-girlfriend's name - now covered up - was much worse.
Patriots fan gets tattoo declaring Super Bowl win
El Chapo's family has registered a trademark for El Chapo-branded Christmas-tree ornaments
U.S. won't shut down Niagara Falls until 2019 at earliest
Michigan governor doesn't plan on removing poisonous pipes
Photo Of Literally Just A Potato Sold For One Million Dollars
An Australian Teen Discussed 'Painting Islamic State Symbol on an Exploding Kangaroo'
Woman says she is more cat than human
Pornography accidentally played at funeral of father and baby killed in crash
2 teenagers dead, 2 sickened from drinking racing fuel, soda
Oprah Winfrey made $12 million from a tweet about bread
Mr Potato Head's €1m spud photo
Kanye West says he faces discrimination for not being gay
Woman beats husband with nunchucks for refusing to have sex
Menjadi SPG Event Professional & Smart
Bill Clinton: To understand Hillary, look to her faith
Father cleared of theft after confiscating daughter's mobile phone
'Just using it for half an hour,' accused car thief tells Springfield police
Facebook shares soar as mobile drives big jump in ad sales
Vitamin Campaign Backfires in the Yukon When Advertisement Asks 'How do you do the D?'
Ladies' Senate: Only female lawmakers show up in D.C. to run chamber after weekend blizzard
High-Tech Homeless Man In Detroit Accepts Credit Card Donations On A Cell Phone
US yachtsmen rescued nine times since July say they are 'totally capable guys'
A Romanian had it's phone subscription suspended because he talked on the phone more than 24 hours a day.
Teen in Australia Accused of ISIS Plot to Bomb Cops Using Kangaroo
'Missing' Norfolk UKIP councillor was in meetings, police discover
Santa Claus arrested for drink driving down the wrong lane, fined $700
Gun-Toting Women Give Rise To Firearms Fashion Accessories
Teenagers die after drinking 'Dewshine' cocktail of petrol and Mountain Dew
Niagara Falls building inexplicably plays Iowa fight song for six months
Woman wakes up to find exotic animal on her chest.
'Dewshine' - Tenn. teens die after drinking cocktail of racing fuel, soda
Man Caught Smuggling Illegal Booze Down His Pants in Saudi Arabia
Photo of potato sells for $1.8 million
Rescued transatlantic duo are 'catastrophe waiting to happen'. Two yachtsmen who have been rescued nine times in seven months have been described as a "catastrophe waiting to happen" and urged to "leave UK waters". In the latest mishap, US citizens Bob Weise and Steve Shapiro, both 71
Australian teen accused of plotting ISIS attack using kangaroo bomb
Dead Gambler Embalmed And Propped Up At Table For One Last Poker Game
Dead Puerto Rican Man Embalmed to Play One Last Poker Game with Loved Ones
As inequality rises, billionaire finds it hard to believe American voters are unhappy.
'Hello' from caucus night: Huckabee parodies Adele in new video
Volkswagen Works Holds Holocaust Memorial Event
NAACP Leader Uses F-Word To Apologize For Using T-Word After N-Word Meeting
Two Teens Die After Drinking Racing Fuel Mixed With Mountain Dew
PHOENIX NAACP BOSS DON HARRIS LIKES "TITS," NOT N-WORD
PETA, animal rights group, wants Silence of the Lambs house to become empathy museum
Dad arrested for taking daughter's cell phone as punishment
Man Fearing Mass Shooting Brings Gun To Theater, Accidentally Shoots Woman: Oops
Police investigating 'screaming' find a man singing opera
Norwegian woman believes she is a cat trapped in a human's body
Woman Says She's a Cat Trapped in a Human Body
Schoolboy mugging accused throws Coke bottle at judge as she refuses bail
The dad who spent a night in jail after confiscating his daughter's iPhone
Uber is putting 'Bop It' toys in cars to keep drunken passengers occupied
HOW TO CREATE A FREE DEMO ACCOUNT FOREX TRADING
Dad found not guilty for taking tween's phone away
Gay couples feel pressure to marry and conform, UBC study finds
Eastern Idaho sumo wrestler returns from Oregon standoff, predicts more bloodshed
Father found not guilty for taking daughter's cell phone for writing rude text after 3 years of court battles.
A Dad Was Arrested For Confiscating His Daughter's Phone, and Found Not Guilty
New York production assistants 'had to use their cars as toilets while working up to 100 hours a week' on Paramount blockbusters, lawsuit claims
North Carolina politician writes resignation letter in Klingon
Idaho sumo wrestler who swam across Bear Lake returns from Oregon standoff, predicts more bloodshed
Woman, 30, hires dating profile manager from Craigslist to help her find romance
Russian Lawyer Claims Coverage of Tiger-Goat Friendship Is 'Gay Propaganda'
Woman insists she's a cat trapped in a human's body
The devil loves breadsticks - Olive Garden on blast for supporting Satan
Fugitive sends selfie to police after seeing his 'terrible' mugshot on Facebook
Australian teen planned to pack kangaroo with explosive
Russian Lawmaker Blames U.S. for Flu Epidemic
RYAN BUNDY TO FACE CHARGES FOR SEXUALLY ABUSING HORSE
2 Tennessee teenagers die after drinking Mountain Dew mixed with racing fuel. Called it "Dewshine".
Racing fuel mixed with soda suspected in Tennessee teens' deaths
This Guy Used His Obituary To Tell People Not To Vote For Trump
Tennessee Teens Die After Drinking Mountain Dew/Racing Fuel Cocktails.
Teen faces murder charges after hoverboard robbery
Teacher found masturbating whilst watching women in car parks and secretly filming women showering claims it was "just a joke"
Chester Cheetah welcomes the sexual advances of furries rejected by Tony the Tiger
Former Taco Bell Executive Suing Uber Driver He Beat Up For $5 Million.
Stalin 'used secret laboratory to analyse Mao's excrement'
Ga. lawmaker: KKK made 'people straighten up'
One Million Moms Is Boycotting Olive Garden Over Fox's New Show 'Lucifer'
NAACP leader faces calls for resignation after telling reporter she has 'nice t***'
Tennessee Teens Die After Drinking Mountain Dew/Racing Fuel Cocktail
"Black Americans for a Better Future" Super PAC 100% Funded by Rich White Guys
DC Entertainment announces new slate of Hanna-Barbera titles
Vulture captured in Lebanon suspected of spying for Israel
Coyotes on psychedelic mushrooms stare down and attack cars on Hwy 1
Ben & Jerry's Co-Founder Gives Bernie Sanders His Own Unofficial Ice Cream Flavor
Racing fuel mixed with soda suspected in teens' deaths
GOP Rep.: KKK Straightened People Out
Sting's NBA All-Star halftime show is preemptively bumming people out
Terror plot to pack kangaroo with explosives foiled
Taste The Wealth Gap With Bernie Sanders Ice Cream From Ben & Jerry's Creator
Martin Shkreli Releases Insane Ghostface Killah Diss Video
Two Teens Dead After Drinking 'Dewshine'
This woman is sitting naked on a toilet in the name of art
3 wanted for shooting dog on houseboat
Joseph Fiennes to play Michael Jackson in TV drama
'Carmen Sandiego' songwriter threatens to sue Rand Paul
Teen Accused In ISIS Terror Plot Involving Bomb-Laden Kangaroos
10-year-old told authorities he brought loaded gun to school for protection during drug deal
Teen 'planned to pack a kangaroo with explosives, paint an ISIS symbol on it and let it loose on police' in Anzac terror plot.
Teacher masturbated as he drove slowly round Tesco and Marks and Spencer car parks, court told
McDonald's New Mozzarella Sticks are Missing the Most Important Part
McDonald's blasted for serving cheese-less mozzarella sticks
McDonald's mozzarella sticks fall flat as snack is served...without mozzarella
Joseph Fiennes to play Michael Jackson
Martin Shkreli Releases Insane Video Threatening Ghostface Killah
The Guy Who Was Nearly Arrested After Giving Ted Cruz That Lightsaber (Interview)
Amanda Bynes has a go fund me worth reading: Honestly, i didn't wake up looking this gorgeous! It takes money!
Goodwill Stores See Drop In Donations During Storm
US sees possible N.Korea space launch in near future: Reuters
Mom Unplugs XBox, Kid Assaults With Taco
Mattel is now making a "curvy" barbie.
Teens Have Died After Possibly Drinking A Mix Of Mountain Dew And Racing Fuel
FARC requests removal from EU terrorist group list
Chicago Police Officer Plans To Sue Teenager He Shot And Killed
Tallahassee, Leon County Government Ban Snow
Mattel releases Fat Barbie.
Chicago police officer will sue estate of teen he fatally shot
20-year-old woman insists she's a cat trapped in a human's body
THIS MONSTER 57 LB TOAD CAUGHT EATING NEIGHBORHOOD PETS IN NEW MEXICO!
Cops Getting Free License Plate Readers In Exchange For 25% Of The 'Take' And All The Driver Data Vigilant Can Slurp | Techdirt
Council Of Islamic Ideology: 'Existence Of Women Is Un-Islamic'
'We all need the D', advises health agency
Filmmaker forces British film board to watch paint dry for 10 hours
Australian police foil ISIS plot involving suicide-bombing kangaroos...
Martin Shkreli Threatens to Erase Ghostface Killah Tracks from the $2 Million Wu-Tang Clan Album "Once Upon a Time in Shaolin" & Ghostface's Life.
Teens Rescued from ice floe on Otonabee River
Jerry Jones is surprised Cowboys have gone 20 years without a title (Cross Post-/r/nfl)
Teen girl who escaped dentention center Zumba class found at McDonalds
Russia's iconic AK-47 to be made in USA
Australian Teen Arrested For Terror Plot Involving A Bomb In A Kangaroo Pouch
More rain expected in Tasmanian flash-flooding zones, but deluge fails to put out bushfires
Aberdeen students taught how to use a revolving door
Man accused of hitting mom with package of bacon
Bill would scrap Columbus Day for 'Indigenous People's Day' in Utah
INCISIVE AND FUNNY, THE LADY IN THE VAN DOESN'T STINK AT ALL
Hawaiian Politician Who Used Tinder to Find Voters Got More Than He Bargained For
Martin Shkreli releases diss video against Ghostface Killah
Council gives new citizens naked woman stubby holder as welcoming gift
Microsoft co-founder's yacht tears up protected coral reef in Cayman Islands
Analysis of racial polling shows whites more aware of racism
Sheriff: 'Heavy damage' after vehicle intentionally hits Porta-Potty at wind turbine site
Tasmanian flash-flooding zones told to expect more rain but deluge fails to put out bushfires
Police kick in opera singer's door after mistaking his rehearsal for 'screams of agony'
Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen, who runs an organization that protects coral reefs, yacht has damaged almost 14,000 sq ft of protected reef in the Cayman Islands.
Saudi Arabia urged to make more of its human rights successes by Foreign Office minster Tobias Ellwood
Chicago Police Officer Who Fatally Shot 19-Year-Old Is Now Suing His Victim's Family
Antidepressants can raise the risk of suicide, biggest ever review finds
Jury acquits Texas dad arrested for taking daughter's cell phone
Group calls for murder moratorium on Easter
Martin Shkreli threatens to ERASE Ghostface Killah from Wu Tang Clan album after Ghostface calls him 'Michael Jackson nose kid'.
PD: Man drives kids to spray tomato juice at Planned Parenthood protestors in Tempe
Father Arrested for Taking Away Daughter's Phone
Porn film accidentally shown at funeral of father and baby who died in a car crash
Channing Tatum Is Mourning His Dearly Departed Pet Goat
Australian man accused in plot to pack kangaroo with explosives
Woman Insists She Finally Has 'Perfect' Body After Four Boob Jobs, Two Nose Jobs, Butt Implants
Eating A Vagina Cures Cancer According To Cancer Treatment Studies!
Less than a third of Trump voters would desert him if he just shot someone for no reason
North Korea activity points to possible space launch: U.S. officials
Australian teen planned to load kangaroo with bombs to kill cops in ISIS terror plot
20 year old believes she's a cat trapped in a woman's body
Hey Flint! It is Safe to Wash.
Georgia lawmaker wants amendment protecting Confederate carving | The Watchdog blog
"It really doesn't matter if Hillary Clinton is 'dishonest'"--A real headline from the Washington Post
Woman Says She Was Born the Wrong Species & Is Really a Cat
Doctors worry about bathing kids in Flint water
Lebanon detains vulture suspected of spying for Israel
Cheese Controversy: McDonald's Responds After Customers Say Mozzarella Sticks Came Without Cheese
Medical marijuana dispensary worker expressed confusion after a jury found him guilty, innocent and undecided on three marijuana charges.
'Jerk Off' planned for charity
Trump Is 'Acting Like Hitler,' Says Anne Frank's Stepsister
Wisconsin police recover 41,000 pounds of stolen parmesan cheese
Ted Cruz's National Security Plan Features War Crimes
Boulder's topless gardener convicted of swindling 73-year-old out of his home
Maine Governor To Citizens: 'Load Up And Get Rid Of The Drug Dealers'
An Australian teen is accused of trying to plan a terror attack that would involve strapping explosives to kangaroos.
'Body' seen floating off the coast of England turns out to be inflatable sex doll
Swedish sled dog poops just before winning gold medal
Squirrel causes large power outage in Hammonds Plains Road area
Wisconsin Police Recover Another Load of Stolen Cheese
Tony the Tiger is getting harassed on Twitter by sexually aroused furries
Sharp-eared man rescues cat trapped in pipe at cattle auction
Alligator found in Chicago man's basement after 26 years
Texas mom selling jewelry made from breast milk
Stranger Attacks Man With Snickers Bar on Times Square Subway: NYPD
Elite Israeli soldier jailed for shooting a camel
Brilliant California man files to trademark 'San Antonio Raiders'
San Francisco Park Reopens With New Outdoor Urinal
Motorist with no trousers dies after being catapulted out of car while masturbating to porn on his phone
UK Police Arrest Suspect With 38 Phones in His Trousers
PETA: Turn 'Silence of the Lambs' House Into Animal Museum
For his closing debate statement, Ben Carson just recited the Constitution aloud
Woman credits dirty dishes for saving her life
People keep going to this home looking for their lost phones -- and nobody knows why
Whoaa! Man accused of punching police horse's hiney
Go figure! Woman allegedly told officers she doesn't know how drugs got into her genitals
Marin man found guilty of throwing feces inside supermarket
Oregon occupiers' live video stream shows suspense among holdouts Gun strategy, campfires and country dancing just part of what's caught on camera
Bangaroo! The most absurd Islamic State-inspired plot yet? Packing a kangaroo with explosives
Plotters Talked of Planting Explosives on a Kangaroo in Australia
Semi hauling frozen nuggets catches fire
Bank introduces negative interest rates.
Four Remaining Oregon Militants Say They Won't Leave Unless the Feds Agree Not To Arrest Them
Calligraphy Islamic Painting & Mixed Media Handmade by Sadia
Trump: 'You have to stick up for your rights'
Test Story - Please Ignore
$90,000 Worth of Parmesan Cheese Recovered in Wisconsin
It really doesn't matter if Hillary Clinton is 'dishonest'
Russell Wilson Googled "How To Describe A Beautiful Woman" To Find Something Nice To Say About Ciara
Businessman buys portrait of a potato for $1.56m
Stanford engineer says 'It is Plausible to climb like spiderman' to Stephen Colbert
Open-air urinal opens at San Francisco park to combat public urination
We Took to the Streets to Ask: Who Is the Most Fuckable Cereal Mascot?
University Student Union Organised Shutdown of School, Then Dismantles Itself For Being Too Oppressive.
Missing teenager who went missing has been found
Most Fuckable Cereal Mascot?
French court rules that Bayern's Franck Ribéry can be called 'scum' in book
Senator Ted Cruz to fellow Republican Presidential Candidates, "Now secondly, let me say, I'm a maniac, and everyone on this stage is fat, stupid and ugly. And Ben, you're a terrible surgeon."
Seagull takes on Storm Gertrude and loses
Cereal offenders: Tony the Tiger begs furries to stop tweeting him porn
Kangaroo packed with explosives part of ISIS-inspired plot, prosecutors allege
Afghani artist attempts to spark conversation about the burka by wrapping herself in Candy
Rabbit rescued after being blown onto roof
Woman pleads guilty to assaulting husband's pregnant girlfriend at Walmart
Detroit topless bar's "Dwarf Toss" event enrages thousands
Trump's Veterans Site Directs Donations Directly To Trump's Personal Foundation, The Donald J. Trump Foundation.
The UK government is forcing a rape victim to pay tax on her police-installed panic room
Trump Website for Donations to Veterans Funnels All Money to Donald J Trump Foundation
Karl Marx is the most assigned economist in U.S. college classes
Father and Son steal $300 worth of scratch tickets, win $90, and return to the same store to cash it
Man in school uniform steals £300 fire extinguisher from McDonald's at 3am
How the FBI became the world's largest distributor of child sex abuse imagery
'Spanking' over nude Snapchat photo leads to assault conviction for parents
Breaking "video" 8 Animals Are Not Cute
Snake bit boy at Disney park, leading to grandma's death
Increasingly desperate David Suzuki staples left nostril shut to cut carbon emissions by 50%
Saudi prince slams Trump for sharing phony image
McDonald's Gives Out Cheese Sticks With No Cheese
McDonald's Serve Uncheesed Cheese Sticks
Killer whale is paying attention.
Earth is actually two planets, scientists conclude
Homeless man who calls himself 'Honest Abe' now accepts card payments via a reader attached to his smartphone
Thousands of People Have Signed a Petition for Snoop Dogg to Narrate Planet Earth
Homeless man now accepts card payments through smartphone app
Russia Adds Hillary Clinton To Terror Watchlist
You Can Now Urinate in Public in San Francisco
Coyotes Staring Down Drivers May Be Stoned
Batten down the hutches: Bumper the flying rabbit rescued from rooftop
Norwegian woman believes she is a cat trapped in human body
20-year-old Norwegian woman believes she's a cat 'born into the wrong species'
Police sergeant: 16 year old girl probably saw penises before I showed her mine, NBD
BPD officer's lawyer challenges suit, says d*ck pic can't be first teen has ever seen
A homeless man in Detroit uses his smartphone to accept credit card donations
Police officer was justified in grabbing 'bulge' in man's pants, court rules
'Northern Powerhouse' department to close Sheffield office and move 247 jobs to London
Thousands Sign Petition for Danny DeVito to Voice Detective Pikachu
How to pair wine with your favorite Girl Scout cookies
Man Arrested While Wearing "Really Good At Making Really Bad Decisions" Shirt
Fans petition Nintendo to get Danny DeVito to voice Detective Pikachu
College students given five-step checklist on how to kiss without committing sexual assault
Father charged after girl, 12, is killed by police constable
'Where's dad bod Ken?': Men react to Barbie's new look with body demands of their own
Insistent Applebee's staff falsely accused diners of passing fake $100
Donald Trump Calls Ted Cruz an 'Anchor Baby'
You Can Now Study Tacos at the University of Kentucky
Shop's doughnut shows Oregon occupier Ammon Bundy in jail
Bratton declares subways safe after ride with cops and photographer
Unlikely goat and tiger friendship tragically ends in fight
University of Kentucky offers 'Taco Literacy' class
Satanists to Do Invocation at Phoenix City Council Meeting
Aussie Thieves Attempt To Siphon Gas From Tour Bus, Accidentally Siphon Sewage Tank
'Witch' trials site turns out to be . . . next to a Walgreens
Dad charged after cop kills daughter
Pensioners forced to fight aggressive swans with water pistols
Nick Offerman's face marks men's bathroom in India
Star Wars Episode IX could be shot in outer space
Story Of Woman Who Says She's A Cat Doesn't Really Check Out
Australian teenager wanted to fill kangaroo with explosives in Anzac Day terror plot
Navy commander to plead guilty in corruption case involving Lady Gaga tickets, prostitutes and military secrets
Trump Falls In Polls After Admitting He's Never Seen Star Wars
Ceiling collapses on Palestinians during funeral for Hamas tunnel diggers
New York Is Going to Turn Off Niagara Falls. Here's How
Family horrified after porn played at father's funeral instead of memorial video
Tiger and goat's friendship may be over
NHL player thanks hockey fans for telling him to shoot the puck
Goat-tiger bromance blossomed, butt then things went awry
Russian Lawyer Sees Illegal 'Gay Propaganda' In Tiger-Goat Friendship
College Kids Hope Their Hoverboards Catch Fire So They Can Finally Feel Something
McDonald's customers upset over mozzarella sticks that lack a key ingredient
Florida woman barred from owning cats after 102 felines removed from home
Teens Drifting On Ice Floe Are Totally Ungrateful During Rescue In Peterborough
Clinton Strategist Claims Bernie Sanders is Running The 'Most Negative' Democratic Primary Campaign Ever
Michigan couple charged with renting out disease-infected human heads
Judge: No more cats for woman whose 102 felines were seized
Bank of Japan surprises with negative interest rate
City won't approve cemetery as wedding venue
Vulture held in Lebanon suspected of spying - CNN.com
Officials: Aggressive coyotes may be high on shrooms
Police: Cheese heist part of organized criminal operation
Dad who confiscated Daughter's cellphone found not guilty of theft
Stalin 'used secret laboratory to examine Mao's excrement'
Bank of Japan Introduces Negative Interest Rates
Coyotes staring down drivers may be high on mushrooms
Homeless man now accepts VISA, Mastercard and American Express
Microsoft co-founder and marine conservationist Paul Allen's yacht destroyed 80% of a coral reef
Deceased woman takes one last shot at Bears QB Jay Cutler in obituary
Potato photo sells for more than $1 million
Mexico City officially changes its name to - Mexico City
Top Google Search On Ted Cruz: 'Why Was Ted Cruz Born In Canada?'
Girl Believes She's a Cat Trapped in a Human's Body and I Believe Her
New Forza 6 car pack will let you race the Pontiac Aztek
Dad who took away daughter's phone not guilty of theft
Birmingham MP says Cologne sex attacks are like 'heckling'
Father Charged with Death of His 12-Year-Old Daughter After Officer Accidentally Shot and Killed Her
Man Holds Funeral For A Beloved 1982 Honda Civic
Detroit panhandler claims to be first to accept credit card donations with cellphone card reader: 'being homeless is my business'
McDonald's responds to uproar over mozzarella sticks without mozzarella
Rent Is Too Damn High Party founder Jimmy McMillan endorses Donald Trump for president
Horror moment driver mows down group on Greenacre street
Windsor dwarf tossing event returns despite outrage of Ontario dwarfism community
Amazing ultrasound image gives struggling Calgary family a 'thumbs-up'
Dwarf tossing returns to Windsor strip club
Rand Paul Actually Wants to Know If You Think Trump Is Worse Than Nickelback
Man Jailed for Unregistered Cat
Uber gives drunks the Bop It toy to keep drivers safe
Man jailed for not having cat licence
Obesity Is Skyrocketing Among African Children
Pharma-bro Martin Shkreli releases video dissing Wu-Tang's Ghostface Killah
Man Jailed For Unlicensed Pussy
Woodland Carjacking Suspect Was A Sweatshirt And A Bucket Of Tools
Police: Man gets haircut before robbing barber shop | News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News | KABB
Every Violent Male Criminal Is Rewarded With Sex From Beautiful Women
Lebanon returns Israeli vulture cleared of spying
High school senior earns all 138 Boy Scout merit badges
Billionaire Conservationist's Yacht Damages Coral Reef
Pepsi opening NYC hipster joint to make soda cool
Viacom Sues Owner of "Krusty Krab" Restaurant for Violating 'SpongeBob' Rights
Guess how much Google paid the man who bought 'Google.com' for 1 minute
Dead woman and two monkeys found in Florida hotel room
Female Shark in Seoul Aquarium Eats Male Shark Because He Kept Bumping Into Her
Detroit bar has midget tossing event.
Military's new fertility benefit will let troops freeze their sperm and eggs.
Public university to bail out struggling Marxist-inspired 'Che Cafe'
The government denied me disability benefit because I could "probably make a sandwich"
Detroit bar holds dwarf tossing contest.
Mizzou's mandatory diversity training talks Katy Perry, South Park, taco costumes
Only 4 of your Facebook friends actually care about you, study suggests
Man steals life-size Miley Cyrus inflatable doll from porn shop, police say
I present to you, a friend and former roommate from Jobcorps
I present to you, my friend from Jobcorps.
'Anti-capitalist' campus co-op faces shutdown because renters refuse to pay rent
University Kids Hope Their Hoverboards Catch Fire So They Can Finally Feel Something
Nikon Awards Prize to Badly 'Shopped Photo, Hilarity Ensues
University Won't Recognize Men's Issues Group after Feminists Say it Makes Women Feel Unsafe
Poorly Photoshopped image wins Nikon photo competition, promptly turns into meme - DIY Photography
Ted Cruz's Father :"Obamacare Is A Secret Plan To Bring ISIS Terrorists To The U.S. As Fake Doctors" - Newslo
Millions of Americans are expressing their resentment and outrage at being put in the appalling position of siding with the Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly, a state of affairs that many are calling "intolerable."
Ron Jeremy Is Supporting Hillary Clinton: Famous porn star Ron Jeremy told BuzzFeed News in an interview on Friday that he is supporting Hillary Clinton's bid for the White House, in large part because he admires her husband, former president Bill Clinton.
Scientist predicts that our dogs will be able to talk to us by 2050 (x-post from r/futurology)
Local kid discovers airline loophole by saving $11.06 by flying 1000 miles out of his way
Satanists to give prayer at Phoenix City Council meeting
Every GT Race Car Testing For Daytona 24 Accused of Sandbagging
Local kid discovers airline loophole by saving $11.06
grounds crew paints Broncos on both endzones
Ever fancied eating afterbirth? Introducing PLACENTA pizza and membrane cocktails
Man serves up wife's placenta in cocktails and pizza - then shares it with friend
Tommy Chong endorses Sanders for 'commander in kush'
Scholarships for virgins: Outrage in South Africa
Unlikely friendship between tiger and goat ends in fight
My life as a cat: Woman says she was born in the wrong species
Martin Shkreli threatens Ghostface Killah via TMZ
A 13-year-old girl from a Russian-speaking community in Berlin was not kidnapped and sexually assaulted by immigrant men as previously reported, but simply spent the night with an acquaintance
El Chapo's Daughter Gets Rights to Use Father's Pseudonym as Trademark
Deep House Fan Realises He Doesn't Like Deep House After Going To Gig Without Ketamine
Sabine Wren Hospital Recovery - Star Wars Rebels Game - Sabine Wren Hospital Recovery Gameplay
Apple May Owe Ireland $19 Billion, But Ireland Doesn't Want The Money
Syria's leading Roman Catholic is upset Iran's president didn't see naked figures
Man legally changes his name to Above Znoneofthe so it can appear at bottom of ballot
Germany's 'Migrants Welcome' Smartphone App Neglects To Mention Anything Remotely 'German'
Aggressive coyotes may be high on shrooms
Escaped Inmate Now Armed After Stealing Gun From School
San Francisco park's renovation includes open-air urinal
Chicago police officer plans to sue the man he shot and killed
No spare change? Homeless panhandler accepts credit card donations too
Elderly orgy in Belgium ends with seven deaths
Heterosexual couple attempt to enter civil partnership so they can 'enjoy the same rights as same-sex couples'
Oregon musician claims he can stop ISIS with peace songs
How to finger someone properly, according to a professional sexpert
Video of USDOT Scooping Live Cows Into Dump Truck Goes Viral
New York Daily News: Australian model shames men who send her penis pictures
Senior who wouldn't pay cat fine hailed like rock star in jail
Man killed in crash was watching porn while driving
They're gr-r-r-ross! Tony the Tiger roars at furries to stop sending sexy tweets
Black German Woman Learns A Shocking Family Secret: Her Grandfather Was A Nazi
Police Kick Down Opera Singer's Door After Mistaking His Voice For Screams Of Agony
Monks Delivered Via Amazon as Role of Japanese Temples Fade
Ohio State mourns the death of Afroduck
GOP Senator Expertly Trolls Donald Trump For Having Small Hands
Black guy named Mr Black stabs white guy named Mr White
Man who coaches kids from low-income families devastated by theft of team's equipment
Utah wants to declare porn a 'public health crisis'
White guy named Mr. Black, gets stabbed by black guy named Mr. White
Officials: Overly aggressive coyotes may be high on shrooms
France to pave 1,000km of road with solar panels
Most Of Your Facebook Friends Are Not Your Real Friends, Says Survey
Officials: Aggressive coyotes might be high on shrooms
Vitamin C Showers (And Other New-Age Amenities) Trending In Hotels
Donald Trump Admits He Says Horrible Things Just To Get Attention, Get's More Attention From Press Outraged He Say's Thing's Just To Get Attention
Li-Fi, A New Technology Which Is 100 Times Faster Than Wi-Fi
A Man Spent More Than $1 Million on a Picture of a Potato
Why Guest Blogging is Important for a Business?
U of Connecticut to build Black-only dorms
Wounded Warrior Project suing 2 injured veterans
Gatineau man going to jail over fine for 'stray' cat: 'I told you I don't own a cat'
Hogs eat their farmer in Oregon
Pregnant woman with one leg living on Hull roundabout to be with partner
A Hungarian Restaurant Is Serving 'Terrorist' and 'Syrian' Pizzas
Candidate's legal name change puts 'none of the above' on ballot in Canada
Rome: Nuns and priests dance a conga to protest against same-sex unions
Community Regional Medical Center fined for leaving towel inside patient
Pro cyclist caught using illegal motor in bike
Queens veterans ask Donald Trump for donation, receive bumper sticker.
In Detroit, homeless man now takes Visa and Mastercard
Former NBA player Gilbert Arenas admits to credit card fraud in a public instagram post
Online Petition Wants Danny DeVito to Voice Detective Pikachu
Family suing Disney, says boy bitten by snake led to grandmother's death
Unemployed, Myanmar's Elephants Grow Antsy, and Heavier
Avid Furries Pit Tony the Tiger Against Chester the Cheetah in Junk-Food Sex War
Despite outrage, Detroit bar lets you toss a dwarf.
Martin Luther King Jr. quote in the EMU will return after construction
Man places Craigslist ad to sell marijuana; promptly arrested
'Rent Is Too Damn High' guy endorses luxury landlord Donald Trump
Theft of plants at Botanic Garden sees the green-fingered caught red-handed
Rent Is Too Damn High Party founder endorses Trump
Nikon awards photo prize to a 'Photoshopped' picture
New Zealand town being 'targeted' by great white sharks
School Accidentally Opens White Pride Fitness Room
Serena Williams: "I'm not a robot"
Ex-Illuminati Member Confirms They FRAMED Bill Cosby With Fake Rape Allegations To Stop Him From Buying NBC
New mandatory diversity training for students at Mizzou focuses on taco costumes
Vulture Returned to Israel After Bird Is Cleared of Spying
2 men arrested for butchering Oregon landowner's cow
These People Are Going Into ISIS Controlled Territory in Syria on Feb 1st to Lead a Global Peace Meditation
Black Student Union urges UC Irvine to dismantle its police department
Sex with an animal isn't illegal in Ohio -- but it could be soon
Obama to make first visit of his presidency to a U.S. mosque next week
Murrieta Woman Marries Man She Never Met at Ontario Airport
University of Oregon Students debated removing MLK's "I have a dream" quote from wall because it wasn't inclusive enough.
Jeb Bush campaigns at Dunkin Donuts drive thru window
Famed rapper insists world is flat
Dead woman, 2 live monkeys found in Florida hotel room
A Bloomberg Poll Finds Little Support for Michael Bloomberg
Petition for Snoop Dogg to Narrate 'Planet Earth' Documentary Series Has More Than 33,000 Signatures
Gator kills alleged thief hiding from police
This dude who got shot in the chest is really chill about it when when interviewed on the news
Detention staffer used martial arts hold on 16-year-old Gynnya McMillen before she was found dead
'Witches' Want To Exorcise Logan Square's Gentrification Demons
Ohio Seminary Student Accused Of Traveling To San Diego Seeking Sex With Infants
Passengers confused by plate of sushi on conveyor belt... at the airport.
Hair-raising: Katrina Kaif's red hair in Fitoor cost Rs 55 lakh.
Georgia Lawmaker Says Ku Klux Klan Wasn't Racist
Marissa Mayer accidentally fires dozens of employees
Study finds that Facebook friends really couldn't care less about you
Activists 'occupy' duck pond in SLC to oppose armed protest in Oregon
Hidden Motor Found In Cyclist's Race Bike
Cheese addiction is real, could be treated like smoking and hard drug use: study
Greece football protest: Players sit on the pitch after kick-off
Uniformed PCSO mistaken for stripogram at 50th birthday party
Smugglers keep trying to get alcohol into Saudi Arabia and customs officials keep tweeting it
Why Bernie Sanders Is Obsessed With 17-Year-Olds
'I was being a parent': Father found not guilty after taking away daughter's iPhone
Refugees crisis: UK will accept a few 'better looking kids'
Meet the homeless beggar who accepts CREDIT CARDS and has a LinkedIn page
Daniel Radcliffe & His Butt Are Very Grateful To Have Won The 'Rear Of The Year' Award
Minecraft searches on Pornhub up 154% in 2015
Journalists Worry More About Anime Women Rights Than Real Human Rights, Says Manga Artist
White cop to sue estate of black teen he killed
Uniformed Police Officer mistaken for male stripper at 50th birthday party
Chicago cop to sue family of black teen he killed
Drug Kingpin Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzman Escapes Mexican Prison Once Again
Cop to sue estate of black teen he killed
Chicago police officer who shot and killed a teenager plans to sue him for causing 'emotional distress'
Woman's body, 2 live monkeys found in Florida motel room
Senate resolution in Utah seeks to declare porn a 'public health crisis'
Body of a woman, 2 live monkeys found in Florida hotel room
Phoenix council members try to block Satanists
School awkwardly opens 'White Pride Fitness Room' by accident
German Forest Ranger Finds That Trees Have Social Networks, Too
Samuel L. Jackson on Donald Trump: "If That Motherf*cker Becomes President I Will Move my Black Ass to South Africa"
Goat and Tiger Accused of 'Promoting Homosexuality' in Russia
OMG: NAACP leader uses F-word to apologize for using T-word after N-word meeting
Parents Sue Maryland High School For Forcing Their Daughter To Convert To Islam
Cyclist denies using motor at cyclo-cross World Championships - Belgian says bike belongs to a friend
Cyclist denies using motor at cyclo-cross World Championships, says bike belongs to a friend
Man accused of arson allegedly texted "loved setting your house on fire," to resident
"I'm very capable of slowing down Twitter or doing whatever I want to do," Trump said
Femke Van den Driessche denies using motor at cyclo-cross World Championships - Belgian says bike belongs to a friend
Archbishop Says He 'Didn't Know' It Was Criminal To Have Sex With Children.
Ikea Wants You To Stop Throwing Away Your Ikea Furniture
Man blames pot for his failed drug test. Says he got high and forgot he wasen't suppose to get high
SCFTA Segerstrom Center For The Arts
Judge tries to put an end to pajamas in the courtroom
Homeless Detroit man accepts credit cards, has website
Florida Woman Found Dead In Motel With Two Caged Monkeys
UK official slams Israel after criticizing Rouhani during Holocaust memorial ceremony
Family horrified after Hard-Core Porn Video played during 4-5 long minutes at father's funeral before an engineer came to fix it and turn it off...
Positive fantasies about the future linked to increased symptoms of depression
Canadian groundhog dies days before Groundhog Day
Student demands lifetime supply of chocolate because she had no wafer in her KitKat
Bernie Sanders Sings 'This Land Is Your Land' With Vampire Weekend
Google Paid $12,012.26 to Man Who Owned Google.com for 1 Minute in September
Georgia lawmaker Tommy Benton says Ku Klux Klan wasn't racist but were vigilantes who kept 'law and order'
Judge swears in her twin sister as a judge
How Witchcraft Is Empowering Queer and Trans Young People
Ted Cruz rally opens with Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson's anti-gay message "we have to rid the Earth of them"
Cyclist caught cheating with motor says bike belongs to a friend
Hard-Core Porn Video played during 5 long minutes at Cardiff funeral for dad and baby before an engineer came to fix it and turn it off...
As Iran Held U.S. Sailors Hostage, Obama Sent Mister Rogers to Handle Darth Vader
University Considers Scrapping MLK Quote on Building - Not 'Diverse' Enough
Photo of potato sells for one million dollars.
'Satanic' goat ghost drives woman to sell home.
Jeb Bush pins hopes on 'someone in a garage' to tackle climate change
Italian man arrested for attempted murder 'with a bidet' over kids' football game
Someone spent 6 hours paying for super cheap stuff at a Walmart that was going out of business to resell it on Amazon
'Being homeless is my business,' says professional panhandler who accepts credit cards
WOMAN'S BODY DISCOVERED WITH TWO LIVE MONKEYS INSIDE FLORIDA HOTEL ROOM
Police: Woman Jumps From Midtown East Building In Apparent Suicide, Lands On Man
Rolf Harris to release a jail album including a song Can't Keep that Dingo Down
Theft, chase suspect arrested wearing 'bad decisions' T-shirt
Bernie Sanders Is Already Writing His Inaugural Speech
Man gets a warrant against him after stealing a bottle of Powerade 5 years ago
Man gets a warrant issued against him after stealing a bottle of powerade 6 years ago
Hallucinogenic mushrooms might be to blame for crazy coyote behavior in California
Police seek P.E.I. man for theft of Powerade bottle five years ago
Carly Fiorina Earned Money from Company that Uses Aborted Fetal Stem Cells
Doc Who Injected Himself With Sheen Blood Claims He Cured HIV With Goat Milk
China's Swelling Soldiers Too Big for Tanks
Drab city tableau fails to make mark
HOME»NEWS»WORLD NEWS»NORTH AMERICA»USA Russia's Communists threaten to blockade studios if Leonardo DiCaprio plays Lenin
Spectator at Cruz rally shouts out 'Ted Cruz looks so weird'
Women with stage-four breast cancer criticized fb for removing picture of her nipple she shared to aware people
Man Caught On Video Allegedly Stealing Pigeons Off NYC Street
'Neomasculinist' & pro 'legal rape' Group to Meet in Sydney for the first time on the 6th of February... wtf?
Huge crowd tuns out to watch Sanders sing with Vampire Weekend
Republicans Accuse Democrats Of Politicizing And Wasting Tax Payer Money On The Benghazi Investigation
'World's best chef' Benoit Violier found dead
Adult drug treatment Houston
Seven bomb threats, seven hoaxes
How do you do, my name is Hitler... A lot of people say they'd change their name if they were me
How do you do, my name is Hitler...
Baton Rouge Free Drug Rehab
Ant Simulator Canceled After Team Spends the Money on Booze and Strippers
Indian Beautiful Aunty Want to Romance with Her Friend Boyfriend - Hindi...
Motor found inside bike at the world cyclo-cross championships
Doctor who mistook ankle for elbow left Irish hospital with an 'excellent' reference.
Charlie Sheen HIV Update: Australian Doctor Practicing in Mexico Discusses Goat Milk as Treatment for the Infection
Man Surrounded By Doritos Calls 911 For Getting "Too High"
Supporters of website touting 'legalising rape' to meet across Australia
Rolf Harris jail album includes song Can't Keep that Dingo Down - reports
American woman attends her 'Facebook son's wedding in Gorakhpur, India
Donald Trump accidentally put money in the Communion plate at a church in Iowa
Miami woman pulls over police officer for speeding
Ben Carson gives two word answer to question about End Times
Miami motorist pulls over police officer for speeding
Woman claims she is a cat trapped in a human's body
Rape Victim Undergoing Treatment at Government Hospital Raped Again
UFC Champ Streams "Bloodborne," Gets Interrupted by Drug Testers
Woman selling home due to "Goat Entity".
Eagles are being trained to take out illegal drones
Delta Flight Attendants Get in Fist Fight, Plane Lands
Cabin crew brawl forces Delta passenger plane to make emergency landing
Teenager stabs himself to death at open mic night after playing a song titled "Sorry About the Mess"
Speed Trap: Civilian Stops Cop Going Too Fast
Want to marry two Eritrean wives...here is what you need to know
Donald Trump tries to put money on Communion plate
Father arrested and brought before a judge for taking away daughter's phone... For theft.
17 kangaroos killed in Australia hit and run
Montini: NAACP boss uses T-word after meeting on N-word
Man assaults 12-year old for discovering his payment for fish and fish tank is oregano and not marijuana.
Woman pulls over Fla. police officer
One of Putin's allies released a video showing a sniper's cross-hairs focused on one of his political opponents
Pro-Kremlin strongman posts video of opposition leader in rifle sights
Police Have Trained Eagles to Take Down Drones on Sight
Segregated dorms for males 'who identify as Black' coming to UConn
Law student demands lifetime supply of KitKats over waferless multipack
Police train eagles to take down drones on sight
Segregated dorms for males 'who identify as Black' coming to University of Connecticut
Fake orgy plot helps inmates escape Brazil prison
Survey: GOP Voters Want 'Testicular Fortitude'
Pro Cyclist Busted Using Illegal Motor On Bike During Race
Woman with no appendix undergoes appendectomy, wonders why
Chick-Fil-A suggests eating their grilled nuggets every 3 hours 'for healthier living'
Uniformed Officer Mistaken For Stripper While Checking On 50th Birthday Party
A Confused Trump Pulled Out Money During Communion In Iowa Church
Dad arrested for taking Daughter's phone away.
Man tries to buy 12-year-old's fish with fake pot, police say - Windsor
Azealia Banks is voting for Donald Trump because 'he is evil, like America'
"Anti-Capitalist" Club Desperate For Money To Pay Its Bills
Man found not guilty after confiscating his child's iPhone
Chewable Stimulant Approved for Children
Man tries to buy 12-year-old's fish with fake pot, police say
Donald Trump accidentally puts money in the Communion plate at a church in Iowa
Woman Arrested While Getting Sister From Jail
Iran and France cancel diplomatic lunch to welcome Hassan Rouhani after French refuse to take wine off the menu
FDA approves chewable stimulant for kids with ADHD
Donald Trump Pelted With Tomatoes At Campaign Rally In Iowa
BBC hopes Latvian invasion will be a ratings winner
Bleeping Computer being sued over bad software review
Groundhog Day: Sky is showing a 24-hour marathon of the movie to celebrate
There's A Gay Bar In Iowa Where Nobody Agrees On Who Should Be President
Fish Fetches Bogus Weed
Silencing Niagara Falls: New York plans to temporarily dry up the roaring cascade
University Of Oregon 'Anti-Capitalist' Co-Op Needs Cash To Cover Deadbeats
DMV pulls 'TEXAS AF' license plate after realizing what millennials knew all along
Inside the Dangerous World of Homemade Rocket Gambling
Man Arrested For Sneaking Food Into Tinseltown
Secret Motor Found On Cyclist's Bike At World Championships
Cyclist Caught With Hidden Motor In Bike During A Race
The Strongest Candidate Is the Strongest Candidate
Half-Naked Man Arrested For Making It Rain, Burglary
This selfie photobombed by a horse has sparked a row in Prestatyn over a £2,000 holiday.
Seattle News and Events | UW Trump Rally Draws 50 Protesters, 20 Cops,
Clinton didn't know how to access email by computer, says State official
Photo of Emerson students' fake engagement at Ted Cruz rally goes viral
Feds don't need crypto backdoors to spy-your TV and toothbrush will do
Dutch Police Training Eagles to Take Down Drones
Woman arrested for DWI while driving to get her sister out of jail after her arrest for DWI
Trump reportedly mistakes communion plate for offering plate
Ancient arachnid erection enshrined in amber
Check this cool youtube Channel!!❤️💙💚💜💛
A dad has been branded 'shameful and stupid' after a picture taken by his toddler son of a grinning horse photobombing their selfie has won them a £2,000 holiday
Outbreak of female, vampire-like attackers in New Zealand.
Father found not guilty of property theft after he took away his 12 year old's phone: 'I was being a parent'
Oregon musician claims he'll stop ISIS with peace songs at Syrian concert
UFC Champion's Bloodborne Stream Interrupted by Drug-Testers
Rogue Ant Simulator devs blow budget on 'liquor and strippers'
New tests and a lawsuit after Belgian cyclist found with hidden motor in bike
Saved by Netflix - woman unhurt after SUV slams into house
Chief Keef Tells Twitter Followers to Vandalize Minneapolis Home, Police Respond
Rapper Chief Keef Urges Twitter Followers To Vandalize Minneapolis House
Jeb Bush PAC is Literally Paying Students To Attend His Rallies
Donald Trump Tried to Tip Jesus
The not for profit behind Sesame Street is launching a venture capital fund...
Zika virus complicates launch of Tata's Zica hatchback
San Franciscans Have Declared War On Super Bowl Sculptures
No pajamas in court, says judge who gets to wear a robe to work
Sudbury men driving white van, talking to kids: no criminal intent, police say
First Production 2017 Acura NSX Sells For $1.2 Million At Charity Auction
Man Arrested Wearing 'Really Good At Making Really Bad Decisions' T-Shirt
Pope Francis To Play Himself In Feature 'Beyond The Sun' For AMBI Pictures
Charlie Sheen's Dodgy Doc Claims Arthritic Goat's Milk Therapy Cured Actor's HIV
Woman stops Florida cop for speeding: 'The reason I pulled you over today ...'
A Guy Bought Google.com For $12 - Here's How Much He Sold It For
Woman arrested for DWI while driving to get sister out of jail after her arrest for DWI
College Announces Plans of a Dorm Only For Black Men - And Students Reacted
This horse photobombed a selfie and won a family a £2,000 holiday... but the animal's owner is not happy
A Star Wars Fan Spends $300,000 On Botox to Look Like Jabba the Hutt
Recommended Games [Canasta] [Totem] [Pool Arena] More games » San Francisco park reopens with new outdoor urinal
'I didn't consent for my horse to photobomb your selfie': Owner whose animal starred in prizewinning photo complains that no one asked her for permission
Dutch police train eagles to snatch unwanted drones out of the sky
Migrant centre banned from holding memorial to Swedish social worker 'stabbed to death by Somali boy, 15' in case it upsets refugee children
Sartell Woman Arrested on Suspicion of DWI While Picking Up Her Sister for Same Offense Read More: Sartell Woman Arrested on Suspicion of DWI While Picking Up Her Sister Jail for Same Offense
Sartell Woman Arrested on Suspicion of DWI While Picking Up Her Sister for Same Offense
Texas pastor begs God to smite UFC fighter 'with a lightning bolt' because he threatened to punch Jesus
Instagram Unveils First Scripted Series 'Shield 5'
Ohio community holds candle light vigil in support of middle school teacher accused of inappropriately touching 14 y/o girl
Idealists Won't Vote for Idealistic Candidate Because He Can't Win Because They Won't Vote For Him
Cereal Addict Eats Thirteen Bowls A Day And Fears It Could Take His Life
Dutch police to train eagles to take down unauthorized drones
Airlines restore tiny perks, like pretzels, to pacify fliers
Chicago Alderman to Work for Airbnb After Surprise Resignation
White woman terrorises group of black men on NYC train.
Don't Send Bottled Water | MICHAEL MOORE
Dad who confiscated daughter's iPhone acquitted on theft charge
The NFL made a bunch of kids sing about how their parents had sex to promote the Super Bowl
Broadway patron faints at sight of hunky, shirtless actor
Vulture accused of spying for Israel released by Lebanese villagers who held it captive
Steven West murder trial: Attorney says Spencer woman liked being 'tied up, beaten, choked,' died during sex with her twin sister's husband
How the Thrasher Tee Became Every Cool Model's Off-Duty Staple
Chick-fil-A suggests eating grilled nuggets every 3 hours
Man found not guilty of 'stealing' his kid's iPhone
Donald Trump puts money in communion plate at Iowa Church.
Boy Killed by a Trash Can
Toddler dies of leukaemia after medics miss condition 35 times
Bernie just won Iowa
North Korea trashes South Korea with used toilet paper
Donald Trump accidentally put money in Communion plate at Iowa church
A trash can killed a little boy as he was walking.
Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop arrested for assaulting Evergreen police officer.
Seagulls cause pandemonium on Vic train
Driver 'deliberately' mowed down 17 kangaroos in Australia
Black Cauldron Vegan Strip Club Is Now a Family Homeless Shelter
Introducing the Upshot's Encyclopedia of Donald Trump's Twitter Insults
Cereal addict fears his 13 bowls EVERY DAY habit could kill him
Public school kisses Valentine's Day goodbye
Columnist Claims This Might Be a Photo of Marco Rubio at a Gay Miami Foam Party in the '90s
South Texas women very happy after 80 pounds of pot found in their car at border
Aggressive coyote may be high on mushrooms
Swapping gun for bald eagle, Fargo school, student agree on yearbook pic
During Critical Campaign Period, Ben Carson Heads Home To Get Fresh Clothes
Ben Carson heading home to Florida to get 'a fresh set of clothes'
Bud Weisser charged with having meth on him during Budweiser Brewery arrest
Halifax university student gets 10 minutes with Justin Trudeau, leaves underwhelmed
Carson leaves Iowa for 'fresh set of clothes'
Law student demands chocolate for LIFE after getting eight KitKats with no wafer
Minor-league team apparently doesn't know what 'Netflix and Chill' means
Hillary Clinton Wins Iowa Precinct On Coin Toss
Swapping gun for bald eagle, Fargo school, student agree on yearbook photo
'Radiohead are the favorite band of Dolphins,' says Dolphin experts
FineBros Cancel React World
Ashley Madison: Hacked adultery website introduces digital masks to keep 'identity a secret'
Someone Offered Iowans $25 an Hour to Pretend They Like Jeb Bush
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has not asked a question in nearly 10 years
Đăng ký dịch vụ 3G mạng Mobifone
Hillary Clinton wins Iowa precinct by coin toss
Guy pretends Ted Cruz is so ugly at rally he pukes everywhere
Infected Body Parts Rented Out for Medical Training: Officials
Winnipeg Groundhog Day cancelled after woodchuck's death
Cops: Man crawled under eatery's bathroom stall and asked woman, 79, for sex
Ben Carson heading home to Florida to get 'a fresh set of clothes' - CNNPolitics.com
Ben Carson goes home to 'get a fresh set of clothes'
Coin toss decides Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders tie in Iowa precinct
Sometimes, Iowa Democrats award caucus delegates with a coin flip
Prosecutors Demand Fine from Vagina Kayak Artist in Tokyo Court
Burger King employees cause $35,000 in damages after prank caller claims to be fire dept and tell them to ventilate the building
Student demands lifetime supply of KitKats after buying multipack without wafer inside
High School Students in Trouble for Suspiciously Dressing like Klansmen
Student finds NO wafers in eight bars of KitKat ... and is now demanding lifetime supply
At least two Democratic Iowa caucuses were determined by a coin flip
Chinese Company Gives Sex Dolls To Male Employees For Annual Bonus
Hillary Clinton wins Iowa precinct after coin toss
Pro cyclist caught with concealed motor in bike during world championships
O'Malley Reaches Viability and Gets a Delegate
Clinton wins Iowa precinct after coin toss
A 19-year-old Belgian cyclist got caught cheating at the world championships after racing a bike that had a motor hidden in the frame
'Lamb-pede' in New Zealand as hundreds of sheep create 'magic moment'
Poll: Most Frenchmen believe Jews responsible for rise in anti-Semitism
Jail tent escape raises safety questions
'Ant Simulator' Cancelled After Devs Blow Crowdfunding Money On Booze And Strippers
Dutch Police Train Eagles to Take Down Drones
Hillary Clinton Won An Iowa Precinct By Way Of A Coin Toss
Jeb Spends $2,884 Per Iowa Vote
In Iowa, coin tosses decide between Sanders and Clinton
Cruz Victory Gives Hope To Despised People Everywhere
Pope Francis to Make Acting Debut in 'Beyond the Sun'
Vigilante kicks the wrong door and shouts at residents
Bush's final rally interrupted by 'seat fillers' demanding to be paid
Woman who 'found' 2,000 lottery tickets turns out to be owner
Family homeless shelter opens inside former vegan strip club
Vigilante kicked in wrong door in 'one-man drug bust' in Cork
WATCH: Eagle takes down a drone
The creed includes weed for these Colorado Christians
The Democratic Caucus In Iowa Is So Insanely Close That Precincts Are Resorting To A Literal Coin Toss
Pope Francis 'not an actor' says Vatican, on movie debut reports
Turlock authorities look for stolen bull semen
Woman bites into 'waferless' KitKat, demands lifetime supply
A Texas father appears in court for taking away his 12-year-old's phone. He says he was merely trying to discipline her.
Bihar court quashes case against Lord Rama, terms it beyond logic | india | Hindustan Times
Man who 'feared mass shooting' accidentally shoots woman in cinema
Damaged Roads Help Save Lives: Egypt's Traffic Authority
Owner of photobomb horse demands share of £2,000 selfie prize
Germany opens first shelter for gay refugees
Eagle-eyed: Dutch police to train birds to take down unauthorised drones
Have you slept with this man?
Intelligence officer to be summoned for leaking confidential document.
Song by Haiti's outgoing leader jeers at female journalist
Woman under DWI while picking up Sister who was arrested for DWI
Ohio considering making sex with animals legal
Woman Who Gets Waferless KitKat Demands Lifetime Supply
More than 100,000 People Are Stranded in One Chinese Train Station
Clinton or Sanders? Some Iowa precincts resort to coin tosses to award delegates
Coin tosses used to determine county delegates in Clinton-Sanders race
Mets minor-league team schedules 'Netflix & Chill' night
Mets affiliate will host 'Netflix and Chill' night in April
Iowa caucus: Hillary Clinton won six delegates by coin toss
Eagles vs Drones: Dutch Police Eye Birds to Prey on Drones
USAA ad agency employee's racist email invites colleagues to "Ghetto Day in San Antonio."
The Swiss are installing more highly controversial "baby hatches" for safe abandonment
Kansas City Royals hosting Epilepsy Awareness Night and Fireworks Night on same day at ballpark
Pennsylvania judge tries to put an end to pajamas in the courtroom
Swans are terrorizing a British village. A 12th-century law means the villagers can't fight back.
Tata to rename Zica car over virus woes
Man Accused of Trying to Sell Drugs in Traffic Court
Man arrested after trying to sell drugs in traffic court
Kicked off Match.com, Guantanamo lifer is worried about his weight
Clinton wins at least six Iowa precincts by coin flip
N.J. attorney accused of seeking sex favors from clients
Microsoft app used to tally votes at Iowa caucus fails in some areas
Future Democratic Primary results released by Google? Foreshadowing? Something smells fishy.
Senior citizens wary of giving control to robots: study
HORSE RAMMED DeLand man faces 35 years in prison for ramming truck into horse named Ellie Mae
A university for prostitution, called " Sugar baby university"
Neymar to appear in Barcelona fraud trial
University student demands lifetime supply of Kit Kats after purchasing waferless multipack
911 call from Marijuana dealers get high and call police on themselves
'B' is for burn rate: Sesame Street launches a venture fund
Aged dog cries at shelter as owner walks out with younger pup
Sheffield government workers facing axe 'because their PCs don't work'
SESAME STREET IS GETTING INTO VENTURE CAPITAL
Man who impersonated officer tried to hide in hot tub, real police say
Emma Roberts Wears $12 Dress, Becomes More Relatable
Ted Cruz is actually selling this on his official website
Pimp my ride: Hamas proudly shows off a tank, turns out to just be a car
Sesame Street is Getting into Venture Capital. This Isn't a Joke.
Cops: Florida man screams about penis size, then shows his off
Chicago cop who fatally shot teen to sue family for emotional distress
Iran Warns US: We Have Even More Embarrassing Footage of Your Captured Sailors
Chicago Police Officer In Fatal Shooting Of Quintonio LeGrier, Bettie Jones To File Suit Against Teen's Estate
John Kasich: I'll reunite Pink Floyd 'once and for all' to teach Americans about 'Money'
2K is Getting Sued for Using Lebron and Kobe's Tattoos in NBA 2K
Morro Bay Burger King sustains $35,000 in damages
Kit Kats for life? Woman demands free candy due to waferless chocolate
Ant Simulator game canceled after devs blow Kickstarter funds on strippers and booze
New Zealand hit with string of vampire attacks
Woman wants lifetime supply of Kit Kats after buying waferless bar
Chelmsford 'Beast of Broomfield' could be pet cat
Ted Cruz Panders to the Lunchroom Lobby With French Fry Pledge
Clinton wins Iowa delegate after coin toss
Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop arrested for assaulting cop
Police identify 'Fresh Breath Bandit,' accused of stealing gum from pharmacy
Study: More Guns Linked to More Shootings
Coin toss broke 6 Clinton-Sanders deadlocks in Iowa - and Hillary won each time
West Texas man sentenced to 10 years probation in brutal sexual assault of 2-year-old
Police Are Training Eagles To Take Out Rogue Drones
DeLand man faces 35 years in prison for ramming truck into horse named Ellie Mae
Val Chmerkovskiy sued for $6M over meme he shared
Photobomb horse owner demands share of £2,000 selfie prize
College student faces expulsion for trying to rent out dorm on Airbnb
The Fed Wants to Test How Banks Would Handle Negative Rates
Kicked off Match.com, Guantánamo lifer is worried about his weight
Woman demands free KitKats for life due to wafer-less candy bar
Suspicious couples turn to polygraph exam to test for infidelity
Ant Simulator programmer forced to cancel game after partners blow cash on 'booze and strippers'
Ashley Madison's new security feature: Masked profile photos
Ravens can imagine being spied on, study finds
Pro-Rape 'Men's Rights' Group Plans Saturday Rally in Rogers Park: "I propose that we make the violent taking of a woman not punishable by law when done off public grounds,"
Doctor who injected Charlie Sheens blood claims CAEV virus from arthritic goat blood could cure HIV
Fargo student replaces gun with eagle to get photo in yearbook
British woman demands lifetime supply of chocolate after she doesn't find wafer in her Kit Kat
French schools 'allow smoking on grounds' over terror threat
Former Taco Bell Executive Who Attacked Uber Driver Is Now Suing for $5 Million
Judge asks people to stop wearing pajamas in court
Raccoon tries to catch the subway at Spadina station
Dead woman, 2 monkeys found in motel room
Japan: Zookeepers at Ueno Zoo stage an escaped animal drill with an employee wearing a giant zebra costume
Lebanese Capture Alleged Israeli Spy-vulture
Woman stabs victim, claims she was attacked with pizza slice
Experts: Trump Can Play Adele's Sad Songs As Much As He'd Like
DC bill would pay people stipends not to commit crimes
Gilmore finishes behind 'other' in Iowa
Donald Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
Unemployed elephants becoming angry, fat and sex-crazed as Myanmar's logging sector declines
Police find suspect, who allegedly stole cruiser, hiding in trash: 'I hang out in Dumpsters all the time'
Fossil Daddy Longlegs Sports a 99-Million-Year Erection
Owner of Heineken Brewery Aims to Make Being Drunk Uncool
Brown University faculty will vote whether to call Columbus Day 'Indigenous People's Day'
TSA to Panthers fans: Don't bring guns to the airport
That engagement at a Ted Cruz rally was really a fake couple's anti-Cruz performance art
Rogue Drones? Unleash The Eagles
UConn building 'black-only' living space to promote scholarship
Wife who had disabled husband murdered rewarded killers with a threesome
Amazon Japan is now offering budget-friendly monk delivery
Advisors Hopeful Jeb Bush Finally Has Momentum To End Campaign
Ben Carson is not suspending his presidential run-he's just doing some laundry
Brown faculty will vote whether to call Columbus Day Indigenous People's Day
State senator wants Utah to declare pornography a public health crisis
Judge pleads guilty to ordering defendant to be shocked with 50,000 volts
Silly String Fight at Wal-Mart Lands Couple in Jail
Scientists have discovered what causes Resting Bitch Face
Loser.com Now Redirects to Donald Trump
Yahoo sued over employee rankings, alleged anti-male discrimination
Video: PUDDLE OF MUDD Frontman Accuses Audience Member Of Stealing His House, Walks Off Stage
Trump's Supporters 11 Times More Likely Than Clinton's to Expect Sex on the First Date
Real Elections Are Won With Votes Not Coin Tosses (haiku) "When something looks too - good to be true it more than - likely isn't true" Coin Toss Backwards, Per Rule 28 - Hillary lost Delegates, Didn't Gain Delegates - Bernie Wins
Puddle of Mudd singer accuses audience member of stealing his house, walks off stage
PUDDLE OF MUDD Frontman Accuses Fan Of Stealing His House, Walks Off Stage
Florida man faces 35 years for killing horse with truck
Women steals $199 dollars worth of groceries by using 'defecated pants' as an excuse.
Google to Deliver Wrong Search Results to Would-Be Jihadis
Trump, Greek islanders in running for Nobel Prize
Pasco woman uses 'defecated pants' as reason for stealing $199 in groceries from Publix, deputies say
Puddle of Mudd's Wes Scantlin Accuses Fan of Stealing His House, Ends Concert Read More: Wes Scantlin Accuses Crowd Member of Stealing His House | http://loudwire.com/puddle-of-mudd-wes-scantlin-accuses-fan-stealing-house/?trackback=tsmclip
Girl, 11, testifies dad beat her with frozen bacon, quoted Bible
Woman demands lifetime supply of KitKats over waferless packs. (x-post /r/unitedkingdom/)
20-Year-Old Woman Claims She Is A Cat Born In The Wrong Body
Utah State Senator wants Utah to declare pornography a public health crisis
Potato Photo Sells for More Than $1M: Reports
Amazon Opening 300 Bookstores
Sacramento Kings Pull 'Year of the Monkey' Shirts From Seats
Couple On Meth Arrested For Eating Homeless Man In Central Park
Cannabis vagina suppositories which 'eases period pain' sold in US
Woman wakes up with kinkajou on her chest
School Changes Name of Fitness Room After 1st Choice Sparks 'Misunderstanding'
4 foot 4 inch man with dwarfism wins prestigious midget car race second year in a row
North Korea working to produce 'world-class' cosmetics, state media says
Blind priest tries to purchase Mexican toddlers
Siberian tiger and goat's unlikely friendship in Russian safari park ends as wild cat gets violent
What Happens to 'Anti-Capitalist' House When It's Time to Pay Rent Is Pure Poetic Justice
Burger King employees break windows after prank call about gas leak, Morro Bay police say
Militant pro-rape 'pick up artist' organises events in Scotland where female gate-crashers risk 'furious retribution'
Long Toilet Time Leads to Heroin Arrest
Vermont State Police: Burglar ate lollipop, drank coffee and smoked pot at victim's home
Melbourne father plans to eat nothing but potatoes for an entire year
DC passes bill to pay people not to commit crimes
Exiting Hong Kong 'illegally' is not a crime, says Regina Ip
Town Clown Killed In Brutal Street Assassination
Amazon reportedly to open as many as 400 physical bookstores
Student demands lifetime supply of Kit Kat bars after buying eight lacking wafers
Amazon plans hundreds of physical bookstores: WSJ, citing mall CEO
San Francisco's tech bros told: get out of the gayborhood
Scientists map bedbug genome, follow pest through NYC subway
Shocker: Mom Has Emergency C-Section...But Doctors Can't Find the Baby
Amazon plans to open up to 400 bookstores, says mall operator
Upset over bad rasam, groom calls off wedding
Report: Donald Trump Nominated for Nobel Peace Prize, 'Peace Through Strength Ideology'
DeMarcus Cousins says The Chinese Year Of the Monkey is racially insesitive to black people.
Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop arrested in Washington
Kings nix T-shirt giveaway after DeMarcus Cousins takes issue.
Woman Demands Lifetime Supply of KitKats After Buying Defective Pack.
Judge Gives Monkey Second Chance to Sue for Copyright Infringement
Amazon is opening hundreds of physical bookstores across the country
Western businesswomen asked to remove hijabs for fear of offending Muslims
Tennessee school administrator requests investigation for "fake" twitter account posting sexually explicit messages. Turns out the messages were from him.
North Korea bombards the South with USED toilet paper and cigarette butts as their propaganda tit-for-tat hits a new low
Cleveland Police: Ringstaff Admits He Wrote Explicit Messages Published on Twitter
Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop Arrested for Assault on State College Officer
Majority Of French Blame Jews For Growing Anti-Semitism
North Korea bombards South with used toilet paper
Coin toss decides democratic delegates
John Kasich Promises To Reunite Pink Floyd 'Once And For All' If He Becomes President
DC bill to pay people stipends not to commit crimes
School renames 'White Pride Fitness Room' amidst accusations of racism
School's Nightmare is Over: Senior Chooses not to Pose With Gun For Yearbook. Opts for Bald Eagle.
Santorum Precinct Captain Admits That He Did Not Vote for Rick Santorum
Yearbook photo flap settled with a bald eagle
Republican presidential candidate promises to reunite Pink Floyd if elected
Amazon Will Open Over 300 Physical Bookstores Because Life Is a Practical Joke Played On Us All
National Guard soldiers say duty keeps them away from home
Donald Trump Gets Nobel Peace Prize Nomination for 'Vigorous Peace Through Strength Ideology'
Ben Carson: Uneducated voters a 'threat'
Donald Trump nominated for Nobel Prize thanks to his 'vigorous peace through strength ideology'
The Australian Government Says If You Are Tattooed, You Are A Criminal
Mother of a Slain Man Called Out Michael Jordan Again For Not Doing More to Prevent Sneaker Violence
Convicted drunk driver claims his body makes its own alcohol
Kim Kardashian poll has more votes than Iowa caucuses
Man Named "Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop" Arrested For Assault on Officer
Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop Arrested for Assault. again.
Charlie Sheen's doctor claims he cured his HIV with goat's milk
Ashley Madison Offering Profile Photo Masks, Rendering Users Completely Unrecognizable To Their Loved Ones
Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop Arrested for Assault: Police
DA investigator suspended after butt-biting at bar
Man hooks up with girl on FB, only to find she's his wife
Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop arrested for assaulting officer
Dutch Police are Training Eagles to Capture Drones
Republican Presidential Candidate John Kasich Promises to Reunite Pink Floyd If Elected
Pro-Rape 'Men's Rights' Group Plans Saturday Rally in Rogers Park
Snake found hiding in Australian urinal
Raccoon boards Toronto subway during morning rush
There's never a decent meal around when you want one
McDonald's Mozzarella Sticks Are Now the Subject of a Class Action Lawsuit
Man hooks up with girl on Facebook, only to find she's his wife - Times of India
Ukrainian border guards stop cigarette-smuggling horses
Jury summons directs people to call sex hotline
Alleged phony priest arrested for pope-trip swindle
Man hooks up with girl on Facebook, only to find she's his wife
Watch This Tokyo Zoo Hold an Emergency Zebra Escape Drill
10 Reasons Israel Is Not An 'Apartheid' State
Man hooks up with girl on Facebook, only to find she's his wife [xpost r/India]
Japan's Yamaguchi prefecture markets itself as 'the new Australia'
Blake Prize: Hanging sheep carcass shortlisted for religious prize
Lawsuit Claims NBA 2K16 Violates Copyright For LeBron, Kobe Tattoos
Trump, Snowden and Greek islanders in running for Nobel
Indian carmaker Tata to change Zica car name after Zika virus spread
Dad Arrested For Confiscating Daughter's iPhone Says He Was a Victim of Police Bullying
Officer 'Flattered' After He Was Mistaken For a Stripper While Checking On 50th Birthday Party
The Conservatives are so committed to the Northern Powerhouse they've moved it to London
Silly String fight at Walmart gets couple arrested, jailed
How 2 Best Buds Snuck Into a Movie Theater Disguised As One Large Man
Ohio governor John Kasich pledges to reunite Pink Floyd
Presidential Candidate John Kasich Promises To Reunite Pink Floyd If Elected
Council needs retrospective permission for its own banner
Catfish caper in St. Cloud: Family finds slimy catfish in mailbox - Story
Police Officer Mistaken for Stripper at 50th Birthday Party
Donald Trump nominated for 2016 Nobel Peace Prize
Goldman Sachs Says It May Be Forced to Fundamentally Question How Capitalism Is Working
Naughty Dog Caught on Film Destroying Home While Owner's Gone
Trump, Pope Francis among Nobel Peace Prize nominees
Reporter Beats Heckler With an Inflatable Banana
Peyton Manning Insists You Watch 'Caddyshack' - he Denver quarterback's habit of quoting lines from 1980s movies has younger teammates scrambling to brush up
Americans spent more on legal pot last year than on Cheetos, Doritos
North Korea plans to launch a peaceful, rocket carrying satellite
Man named Beezow Doo-Doo Zoppitybop-bop-bop arrested for assault
Cannabis tampons cure cramps
'White Pride Fitness Room' uproar prompts Wisconsin school to change name
Healthy fast food? McDonald's kale salad has more calories than a Double Big Mac
Why a top food poisoning expert won't ever eat these foods
Tesla customer claims Elon Musk stole his Model S
Pro-rape activist organizes covert meetings for men across U.S.
Turkish man jailed for rape attempt prevented by 'heroic' cat
Biscuit factory hit by floods struggles to meet ginger nut demand
'Pro-rape' blogger urges like-minded men to meet in Windsor
Donald Trump's Biggest Campaign Expenditure Is His Hats
Little Rock teens arrested for amrmed robbery hours after giving TV interview on youth violence
2 teenagers dead, 2 sickened from drinking mix of racing fuel, soda
Male teen wants to get bigger but doesn't want to pay for it
Man named Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop arrested for assault
Deadly Zika Virus Claims First Corporate Victim: Tata's Zica Car In India
Family finds live rat in their Tesco food delivery
Italian actor in coma after hanging scene misfires
RT: Silly rabbits getting spliffy on marijuana? DEA agent's claim may not be legit
Yepi 12 - Play Abyss: Give Him a Monter Free
John Kasich: I'll reunite Pink Floyd as president
Bill Gates Unleashes Swarm of Mosquitoes on Crowd
Zika Ruined My Babymoon
Women are more empathetic than men, yawning study suggests
Amazon bookstores may open up at 400 locations nationwide
Judges Admit Death Row Inmate Is INNOCENT, But He's Still Going To Be Executed
Amazon is said to be planning hundreds of brick and mortar bookstores
Uber changed its logo to something pretty weird
Kate Winslet breaks silence on Titanic raft end: 'He could have actually fitted'
Woman demands lifetime supply of Kit Kat's for not containing the wafers
Man arrested for trying to sell drugs in court
Musk denies 'super-rude' client his Tesla
Little Rock teens arrested hours after giving TV interview on youth violence
'Virtual-twerk' male sex toy becomes so popular that it's pulled off Indiegogo
Erect Spider Penis Preserved Forever In Amber
Huckabee ends campaign: 'Voters are sick of me'
Republican presidential hopeful promises to reunite Pink Floyd if elected
Hundreds of Illegally Trafficked Pork Tamales Confiscated at LAX
Rougned Odor has a brother named Rougned Odor, and both Rougneds Odor are on the Rangers now
Kanye Clarifies: Waves Isn't Actually the Greatest Album of All Time
Tokyo zoo holds zebra escape drill - using person in zebra costume
Colorado park closes because people can't stop taking selfies with bears
A Stanford psychologist explains why spacing out and goofing off is so good for you
Mother and her boyfriend charged in death of toddler who was burned alive in oven by siblings after couple left their children home alone for two hours to get pizza
Boy, My New Role as an Investigative Journalist Sure Wasn't Well-recieved
Rangers sign Rougned Odor's younger brother ... who is also named Rougned Odor
Dutch police are training eagles to take down rogue drones. Yes, really.
John Kasich Promises to Reunite Pink Floyd if Elected President
Cameroon to use witchcraft in fight against Boko Haram
Governor John Kasich Promises to Reunite Pink Floyd if Elected President
Kasich's campaign pledge: Reunite Pink Floyd
Bentley Unveils New Line of Golf Clubs and Accessories
Donald Trump 'nominated for Nobel Peace Prize' for 'vigorous peace through strength ideology'
British Earl Suspected of Murder 40 Years Ago Declared Dead
Italian cheese firm sells Parmesan-backed bond
Sarah Palin urges people to support Donald Trump because he thinks like Justin Bieber
DJ Angie Vu Ha Fights Lesbian Sex Behind Bars With Bible
Tokyo police baffled by theft of hand straps from commuter trains
Donald Trump has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for 2016
Donald Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize, following Stalin, Putin, and Bono
Teenage girl calls police on DUI mom from inside car
Angie Vu Ha Gets Religious in Jail, Fights Lady on Lady Temptations With The Bible
Donald Trump battles Pope, others for Nobel Prize
Former MLB player and nephew of actor Tim Allen, 26, arrested after 'breaking into office and stealing leftover pizza from fridge before building pillow fort and passing out'
Student demands lifetime supply of KitKats after buying eight without wafer
Ant Simulator Dev Says Partners Blew Money on Bars and Strippers - Update
Texas Rangers sign Rougned Odor's younger brother, who is also named Rougned Odor
Daddy Longlegs Fossil Keeps Erection for 99 Million Years
ELON MUSK PERSONALLY BANS BLOGGER FROM BUYING A TESLA MODEL X
On Groundhogs Day Republicans vote for the 63rd time to repeal Obamacare
Ex-Professional Baseball Player Charged In Bizarre Break-In, Found Sleeping Among Pillows & Pizza
Serial over-promiser Peter Molyneux promises to stop over-promising
Cops on alert after woman loses gun while running
Donald Trump has reportedly been nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize
On Groundhog Day, Republicans vote to repeal Obamacare
Custom Millennium Falcon drone clears snow from front walk
Donald Trump wants Iowa rematch, accusing Cruz of 'fraud'
You ever tell your kids, "Don't start the house on fire"? This terrible mother should have.
Donald Trump has been nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
Donald Trump accuses Ted Cruz of "illegally" stealing Iowa caucus
Rat in Trowbridge pub 'ran up man's leg and stole chip'
Woman demands KitKat for life after getting wafer-less KitKat: Saima Ahmad, British Law Student, Fuming Over Waferless Kit Kat and Wants Lifetime Supply
Trump in running for Nobel Peace Prize
Anonymous US politician nominated Donald Trump as Nobel Peace Prize
Bed stain blamed on vomiting cat as sex act intruder theory ruled out by police
Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop arrested for assaulting cops at Evergreen State College
Furry-suited 'zebra' simulates zoo rampage in Japan
Kasich: Reuniting Pink Floyd a goal if elected president
Wetherspoons in Trowbridge closed after RAT 'ran up trouser leg' and took a chip from diner's hand
Mother who stabbed paedophile has prison sentence doubled
Kasich Promises to Reunite Pink Floyd if Elected
Jeb Bush to unimpressed New Hampshire crowd: 'Please clap'
Donald Trump reportedly nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
O.J. Simpson Tried To Kill Himself In Kim Kardashian's Bedroom
Donald Trump has been nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize
Man behind @Chipotle Twitter handle makes jokes, not burritos
DC is voting on a bill that would pay people to not commit crimes
Korea to revise incorrect, 'confusing' English signs
Leah Goldstein Lives Life With "No Limits" - World Kickboxing Champion, Israeli Undercover Agent, Champion Cyclist
The many mysteries of Uranus
Erect Arachnid Penis Trapped in Amber
Canadian TV uses wrong Panthers logo, sends NHL team to Super Bowl
Woman with waferless Kit Kat threatens to sue Nestle if they don't give her candy for life.
Truck driver claims body produces alcohol, caused him to be drunk, crash and spill 11,000 salmon
Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop Accused of Assault
Man called Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop accused of assaulting police officer
99-million-year-old daddy long legs fossil found with erection
Rat ran up his leg and stole a chip, man claims *rat not to scale
Couple arrested for a silly string fight
Thief Stares Down Into Wallet He Just Stole, Sees What's Inside, Turns Himself In
Donald Trump nominated for 2016 Nobel Peace Prize by anonymous politician
Loser.com redirects to Donald Trump's Wikipedia page.
Jeb Bush Asks N.H. Audience to 'Please Clap'
Donald Trump loses Iowa but wins Nobel Peace Prize nomination
DC passes bill to pay people stipends not to commit crimes
Bush Pleads for Town Hall Attendees to 'Please Clap'
Michele Bachmann warns Obama will take over the United Nations - and then reveal he's the Antichrist
Madonna cofounded a startup that manufactures viral dance trends - and "Whip/Nae Nae" was its first monster hit
Father takes son with cerebral palsy to the skate park
Nice porno company will pay aaron schocks legal fees and all he has to do is guys
Donald Trump has been nominated for Nobel Peace Prize 2016
Christie on Clinton: 'I'll beat her rear end on' debate stage
White Nationalist Supporters Are Undeterred By Trump's Iowa Caucus Loss
Bill would let Florida governor use military force against refugees
DEA: Rabbits can get dangerously high if Utah legalizes medical weed
Obama: 'Muslim Americans keep us safe'
A new cannabis-infused vaginal suppository has gone on sale in the US, claiming to ease the agony of period pains.
Watch Bernie Sanders play a Brooklyn rabbi in a low-budget rom-com
Trump among Nobel Peace Prize Nominees
Group calling for legalization of rape plans rally at Alamo in San Antonio, 6 other Texas cities
NSA merging anti-hacker team that fixes security holes with one that uses them
'Please clap': Jeb Bush begs crowd to applaud after speech is met with total silence
Jeb Pleads With Supporters After Fiery NH Stump Speech: 'Please Clap'
Woman demands lifetime supply of KitKats over waferless packs
Pro-rape 'pick up artist' group meeting Saturday
Did Donald Trump just get nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize?
Britain suffers 'biscuit drought' following McVities factory flood - Telegraph
U of T acquires the world's largest collection of Chinese restaurant menus
The False Human Belief
Georgia child abuse workers now required to check on children
Marco Rubio just realized that he is handsome, regardless of everything else
Getting Rid of Period Cramps by Putting Weed in Your Vagina
Chicago 'Men's Rights' Meetup Infuriates Locals
Download war against the people israel the palestinians and global pacification ebook pdf pdf
ISIS burns musical instruments as being "non-Islamic"
Amazon Plans Hundreds of Brick-and-Mortar Bookstores, Mall CEO Says
"Pro-rape" blogger organizes meetings for men across the United States."
Portsmouth meetup announced for male supremacist, pro-rape group
Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
Police to investigate 'Crack'ton
Frankenberry Announces Run for W.Va. House of Delegates
Trump joins Stalin, Putin, Hitler on list of Peace Prize hopefuls
Dutch Police Are Training Eagles To Take Down Drones
Finnish TV has the solution to 'rape-fugee' crisis?
Protect Your Womb From the Devil Drink
ISIS burns musical instruments as being "in-islamic"
Dutch Police Train Eagles to Tackle Drones
It may sound like a flight of fancy, but Dutch police are considering using birds of prey to swoop down and pluck rogue drones out of the sky.
Zika virus spurs Tata Motors to change the name of its Zica car
ISIS burns musical instruments for being "un-islamic"
Guard Recruiter's 'Netflix And Drill' Not Catching On So Far
Dutch Police Are Training Eagles to Take Down Rogue Drones
Donald Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize along with Pope Francis, Edward Snowden
Kit Kats with no wafer prompt woman to demand lifetime supply
A blogger who once argued rape should be legal if done on private property has launched an "International Meetup Day" where followers are expected to gather furtively THIS SATURDAY night in various locations throughout the world
Canadian broadcast puts Florida Panthers into Super Bowl
Anthem Tells Customers to Visit Virtual Doctors, Therapists, and Psychologists
'Resting bitch face' is real, scientists say
From her website: 7 things Hillary Clinton has in common with your abuela...(I JUST CAN'T)
Pro-Rape Rally Group to Meet Up Today in Multiple Locations
Jeb Bush's saddest rally yet involves him begging audience members to clap
Satan Approves of This New Movie About Witches
Women barred from entering Starbucks in Saudi Arabia
Beezow Doo-Doo Zopittybop-Bop-Bop Arrested For Allegedly Assaulting Police
CDC Tells Fertile Women: Don't Drink At All
The Satanic Temple Endorses A24's 'The Witch'
Super Bowl Parties Threatened As Bud Light Truck Bottoms Out On SF Street
Jeb Bush awkwardly tells a first-time voter: 'I want to be your first'
"Listen to the Superbowl on AM radio while watching it on ESPN Deportes" - This is the Cox Las Vegas workaround due to contract blackout
Mystery of deep-sea 'purple sock' solved
Donald Trump Says Ted Cruz Stole Victory in Iowa Caucuses
Elon Musk personally cancels blogger's Tesla order after 'rude' post
Saima Ahmad, British Law Student, Fuming Over Waferless Kit Kat and Wants Lifetime Supply
Resident concerned her goats are being sexually assaulted
Dairy cooperative issues bonds guaranteed by Parmesan cheese after banks refuse to lend
Someone nominated Donald Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize
Couple Gets Arrested After Silly String Fight at Wal-Mart: Report
"We All Need the D" says Yukon health campaign
Father and son photobombed by horse - it doesn't end there though.
Bigamist caught when his first wife saw his second wedding photos on Facebook
Trump among Nobel Peace Prize nominees: report
Young girl succeeds despite having a basketball for a body
99 Million year spider species found with an erection
'Pro-rape' blogger organizes meetings for men across U.S. -- including 4 locations in NY
Broncos punter forced to buy $1,800 Super Bowl ticket for his 1-week-old daughter
Man puts on Jack Sparrow wig, pretends to be a truck driver and steals £650,000 worth of cosmetics
facebook twitter pinterest email comments Broncos Punter Britton Colquitt Forced To Buy $1800 Super Bowl Ticket For His Week-Old Baby
Suspected drunk driver blames sandwich for intoxication during Nanaimo traffic stop
XCOM 2 - Part 12 - Skulljacking and Codex - Let's Play - XCOM 2 Gameplay...
The CDC says alcohol can make sexually active young women pregnant.
Ben Carson: Am I an 'evil, horrible person' for getting fresh clothes?
49ers cancel Levi's Stadium sleepover for 1,200 Girl Scouts in favor of more lucrative concert
49ers cancel Girl Scout sleepover at Levi's Stadium, replace with concert
Man Arrested - Charged with Having Sex with a Tractor
Pornhub's New Strip Poker Website Takes Care Of All Your Vices At Once: Online Porn Casino?
Goat-tiger romance may be over
Jeb's awkward plea to young voter: 'I want to be your first'
Angolan rebel Savimbi's family sues Call of Duty makers
No Alcohol for Sexually Active Women Without Birth Control, C.D.C. Recommends
Woman creates jewelry out of breast milk
Ex-minor leaguer with TV star uncle charged in bizarre pizza theft
Male Teen Takes Nude Photo of Himself, Charged with Making Child Porn
Iowa Senate bill targets Stanford band controversy
Farmer knits Denver Broncos sweaters for 150 baby goats
Oswaldtwistle school headteacher in 'evolution is not a fact' Twitter row
Rat runs up man's leg to steal french fry in UK pub
British-led Card Room raided by officials in South Pattaya
Rural Wagoner County school district looks to deter violence with guns, signs
A Man Who Bought Google.Com For 1 Minute
Why I deserve a yooge Nobel peace prize - dispatch from the mind of Donald Trump
Britain faces BISCUIT shortage
'David Beckham of bullfighting' faces probe after confronting bull while holding baby daughter
Why I deserve a yooge Nobel peace prize - dispatch from the mind of Trump
All-Female Boxing Team In Toronto Threatens to Crash 'Pro-Rape' Rallies This Saturday
Michele Bachmann and radio hosts agree that Obama will become the Antichrist after presidency
Meet the man who tried to claim his 7-year-old son as a work expense
Pentagon to Offer Plan to Store Eggs and Sperm to Retain Young Troops
Chief Keef's alleged beef kicks roommates to the street
Chief Keef's alleged beef kicks Minneapolis roommates to the street
Alabama Inmate Sues to Read Southern History Book
Pepper Spray illegal, use "The Force" instead: Finnish Police releases absurd Rape Defense Video
Minnesota public school eliminates Valentine's Day in an effort to be inclusive
Ted Cruz's College Roommate Keeps Roasting Him On Twitter.
High School Football Recruit announces commitment to Ole Miss by jumping out of an airplane
Bungie asks Destiny fans if they're still having fun
Remain a virgin or lose bursary, students warned
Donald Trump Reportedly Nominated for Nobel Peace Prize for 'Vigorous Peace Through Strength Ideology'
Ancient Spider's Big Dong Immortalized For All Eternity
Passenger Catches Fire and Is Sucked From Plane at 14,000 Feet
Ruth Madoff 'turned to marijuana, expensive wine, and Funyons for comfort' after husband was caught masterminding a billion dollar Ponzi scheme
Nubile Films - Skinny teen with puffy nipples | Redtube Free Teens Porn Videos, Movies & Clips
Dad and son caught up in row after winning competition with horse photobomb picture
Britain To Foreign Workers: If You Don't Make $50,000 A Year, Please Leave
Oil-rich Venezuela is now importing U.S. oil
Man on cannabis factory drugs charges survived on dog food, court told
Prison inmate Jonathan Lee "Jihadi Schitz" Riches sues family who won Powerball jackpot, claiming the money he sent to their daughter allowed them to buy the winning ticket.
Donald Trump on list of possible nominees for Noble Peace Prize
Man sues to end alimony over ex's Facebook snaps
Thai police arrest elderly bridge players in Pattaya
Daryush 'Roosh V' Valizadeh cancels neo-masculinist meetings over safety
Hillary Clinton supporters endorse 19th century socialist Karl Marx as her vice president
German far-right party accidentally call to 'deport Germans first'
Benefits family get £26,000 in one lump sum - and buy a racoon
German far-right nationalist party accidentally calls to deport Germans first
Jimmy Carter: I would choose Donald Trump over Ted Cruz
Marijuana in Space - NASA Discovers THC on Meteorite Fragment
Ban on parents in pyjamas is a shameful power game
Smithsonian employee accused of raping 2500-year old mummy
'Pro-rape' blogger cancels meetings nationwide amid safety concerns.
Mammoth meat was never served at 1950s New York dinner, says researcher
'Pro-rape' blogger cancels meetup due to safety concerns
French Astronaut Discovers Windows XP Running on Russia Spacecraft Simulator
The average American will spend 43 days of his life on hold
Barry man choked to death after eating cheeseburger whole
Beezow Doo Doo Zopittybop-bop-bop arrested in Wash. officers' assaults.
Expert capitalists Goldman Sachs may be questioning the system of capitalism
Pastor David Manning responds to foreclosure threat
Singapore Island Country Club offers 'poverty simulation' programme for members
Thai military storm expats' bridge club after gambling tipoff
Matt LeBlanc to co-present Top Gear alongside Chris Evans
PM bogwashed by a bloke who could have been his fag: QUENTIN LETTS on Yesterday in Parliament
TSA Discovers Testicular Cancer on Local Man
Slippery case: Court backs man's conviction for shoplifting personal lubricant
Nobody Catcalls the Woman in the Wheelchair
Miss. jury summons directs people to call sex hotline
Crime Does Pay: Washington D.C. to pay criminals to stop killing people
Jeb Bush to audience: 'Please clap'
Pensioner who died during sex is wheeled away on stretcher 'with prostitute still attached'
GPS Mix-Up Brings Wrong Turn, and Celebrity, to American Tourist in Iceland
Suspected burglar helps police by signing on to his own Twitter account during break-in
Wife could be jailed for not doing enough housework
Blogger Cancels Pro-Rape Meet-Up Over Safety Concerns
North Korea Launches Newest Offensive: Cigarette Butts
Playboy enters non-nude era: Sexy but 'safe for work' [NSFW]
Roosh V cancels 'pick-up artists' meetings over 'safety concerns'
Macon women brawl over bartender at Buffalo Wild Wings
Rick Santorum endorses Marco Rubio for president but struggles to say why
News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGMILLY DOWLERBEDROOM TAXNATIONAL LOTTERYILLEGAL IMMIGRANTSWEATHERHILLSBOROUGH REPORT Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News UK News Rape Pro-rape campaigner Roosh V forced to cancel UK 'anti-feminist' meetings amid safety fears
Wis. Man, Named Beezow Doo-Doo Zopittybop-Bop-Bop, Accused Of Assaulting Cop & Deputy
Marion Co. deputies searching for Sasquatch cutout
Mysterious Cat Urine Odor Vexes NY Village Residents
Man choked to death after eating cheeseburger whole
Pro-rape campaigner Roosh V forced to cancel UK 'anti-feminist' meetings amid safety fears
McDonald's Faces Lawsuit Over 'Deceptive' Mozzarella Sticks
DEA Agent: Rabbits Are Getting Stoned
Extremely girthy rat found in Tesco online shopping order
These "Legal Rape" Advocates Cancelled Their Plans Because They Didn't Feel Safe At Night
GPS Mix-Up Brings Wrong Turn, and Celebrity, to an American in Iceland
Man uncooperative after being shot in left leg
First woman in Tennessee to enlist as combat engineer goes awol.
Playboy Begins Anew As A Never-Nude Magazine
Congresswoman's Long Quest: Bringing Pandas to New York
Prisoner found with four mobile phones, four chargers and four SIM cards up his backside
Prisoner caught with FOUR mobile phones, four chargers and four SIM cards hidden in his backside
Kentucky Fried Chicken Lung: Man Finds Entrails In His Fast Food Meal
Dutch police train eagles to take down rogue drones
Alabama senator calls teacher pay raises unbiblical, defends raise for legislators
Taylor Swift Video Game on the Way, Described as "One-of-a-Kind"
'Multicultural Toilets' For 'Global Defecation' Seek To Stop Migrants Pooping On The Floor
'Batman' sought in Orange County robberies
Jeb Bush begs town hall attendees to 'please clap'
Man Attacked by 7-Year-Old Boy in Stockton
Pro-rape campaigner Roosh V has cancelled a meeting in Manchester amid safety concerns
NBC station sued for airing image of teen's erect penis, identifying him by name
Uconn Student arrested after having sex with a hand dryer
Did Donald Trump Really Get Nominated For Nobel Peace Prize?
'Heartbroken' raccoon tries to wake up dead friend on Toronto street
Women Freak Out When CDC Recommends Not Poisoning Their Babies
Former Malaysian High Commission worker uses black magic and spell-binding defecation defence in sexual assault trial
Marco Rubio wants you to call him 'bae'
"Legal rape" advocates cancel meet-up plans due to safety concerns
Group Behind 'Make Rape Legal' Message Cancels Events Nationwide, Including One in Roseville
City of Chattanooga offers course on "How to Poop in the Woods"
Suicide bomber detonate bomb inside plane only to kill himself and his body be ejected from the plane. All other passengers survived.
Coast Guard Mostly Saves Very Stupid People, Study Finds
Pro-Rape Meet-Up Canceled After Women's Boxing Club Threatens to Show Up
World's most obese man died after bingeing on energy drinks.
Vatican Representative: "I Didn't Imagine Iran Being Open-Minded to This Extent"
How meth use has changed Oregon man's face over 14 years
Texas man accused of stealing car from parking lot after applying for job
Highest-earning Tory MP forgot to declare £400,000 income but remembered to claim 49p for milk
Suicide bomber who detonated inside a Somalian plane kills himself and his body was ejected from the plane. All other passengers lived.
Tory MP Geoffrey Cox Apologises For Failing To Declare 'Forgotten' £400,000 Of Income; Was Too Busy Setting Up Office In Mauritius
Broncos WR: Peyton Manning's throws are soft 'like Charmin tissue'
Limerick mother's request to delete '666' in baby's PPS number
Man dies trying to swallow whole cheeseburger in one bite
'Neo-masculinists' cancel worldwide meetups over fears of feminist 'mobs'
Joe Biden joins Facebook
Mainland Chinese woman takes a dump right on the floor inside Hong Kong's MTR
Man Ejected From Somali Plane in Midair Was Suicide Bomber
Ted Cruz Super PAC Releases New Ad That Misspells the Word "Country"
Elderly Man 'Still Attached to Prostitute After Dying During Sex'
Ted Cruz ad highlights Carter's Trump 'endorsement'
Local groundhog's death casts shadow on Groundhog Day
Disclosure: TSA Cannot Verify Employees' Criminal Histories
Singapore Island Country Club offers 'poverty simulation' class for members.
Monkey rodeo star draws animal rights protest before St. Paul event
North Korea Sends South Korea Poop Balloons
GOP Candidates Won't Promise to End Porn
Guys are weird about peeing next to each other
North Korea sends 'poop balloons' to South
College Kid Could Be Expelled After Listing His Dorm Room on Airbnb
Law Student Allegedly Involved In Torture Plot Becomes Lawyer
McDonald's Salad Has More Calories Than Big Mac
Time Wasted on Facebook Could Be Costing Us Trillions in Lost Productivity
Reporter loses it over reported 'emergency defecation situation'
German mayor says 10-year-olds shouldn't 'provoke' sex attacks by migrants
Pro-rape blogger Roosh V cancels Glasgow event amid fears for safety of supporters
Texas-sized! America's largest cross to be built
America's largest cross begins construction in Corpus Christi, Texas
Lech - Oiled Nude
Europe's top court mulls legality of hyperlinks-shockwaves could be huge for Web users
Parents who stole charity laptops from cancer ward before blaming their terminally-ill son face jail
Man dies while having intercourse with sex worker and gets wheeled away with the woman still attached
Saudi Ready To Send Ground Troops To Syria
Suspect passes out while trying to rob another woman at gunpoint
SPCA Rescue dog to be named mayor of Reno for a day
College Student Caught Having Sex With Hand-dryer
Fossilized harvestman spider had penis out when frozen in amber: researchers discover
Man wearing handgun open carry robbed in Newport News, police say
Russians Feel Bad That Leo DiCaprio Has Never Won An Oscar, So They're Making Him One
Man whose voice box was unnecessarily removed sues HSE
Police helicopter called out for "woman screaming" it was a goat.
Donald Trump Has Been Nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize
Lawmakers urge Amtrak to hire a magician as its new CEO
GOP candidate John Kasich vows to reunite Pink Floyd
A police helicopter investigated reports of a woman screaming
Inmate suing Tennessee couple who won Powerball jackpot
Man charged in harassing phone calls to former teacher
Eye-Rolling Ex-Pharmaceutical Chief Makes Spectacle of Himself at Congressional Hearing, Mocks Lawmakers on Twitter
Martin Shkreli Didn't Take the Fifth on Twitter
Missing cat found in Nottinghamshire pet food warehouse
Michael Jordan Surges on Web as 'Crying Jordan'
High-profile backer can't name any Rubio accomplishments
Dad died eating cheeseburger in one mouthful, inquest finds UK man told mates 'watch this'.
Tucson Jack in the Box damaged after prank call similar to Morro Bay Burger King incident
Ancient Greek Sculpture Depicting Laptop Computer with Cable and USB POrts Proof of Time Travel?
Starving sea lion found in San Diego restaurant
Police: Cat burglar enters Vermont family's home, takes pet
Robber who broke into hair salon is beaten by owner and kept as a sex slave for three days
Ape at Utah zoo predicts Panthers to win Super Bowl
legal Rape advocate lives in Mother's basement
Western Retirees at Thai Resort Busted for Playing Bridge
Missing cat found twice its original size after living for 14 months in a pet food factory
Tarantula Species Named After Johnny Cash
'Legal rape' blogger living in fear in mother's basement
Women More Sensitive to Annoying Behavior
Video blogger 'fat shamed' by Walmart employee while trying on plus size clothes
Obama to propose $10-per-barrel fee on oil
'Pro-rape' group cancel meetings because they're worried about their own safety
North Korea Floats Poop-Filled Balloons Into South Korea
270 Hong Kong Couples Participate In Doggy-Style Yoga, Set World Record
'Act less smart,' Saenuri lawmaker advises female politicians
After Texas stopped funding Planned Parenthood, low-income women had more babies.
Lorry driver (34) admits regret at penis tattoo
Salt Lake woman drinks an energy drink and falls over at her desk
Kid Rock Backs 'Motherf--king Business Guy' Donald Trump for President
'Legal Rape' Advocates Cancel Pro-Men Meet-Ups For Fear Of Their Safety
Woman Robbed at Gunpoint After Not Forking Over 10 Cents, Police Say
Ohio State mourns death of duck
NYPD Cop, Whose Job was to Bust Prostitutes, Exposed as a Pimp in Massive Sex Trafficking Ring
John Kasich wants to help reunite Pink Floyd if elected president
Iowa Dem Who Won't Release Caucus Results Has "HRC 2016" License Plate.
Two charged after broken lego structure leads to domestic assault
Intimacy Coach Says Using Vaginal Muscles To Lift Objects Like Surfboards Can Empower Women
Steven Joyce hit by sex toy thrown by protester at Waitangi
TPP protester boldly chucks dildo at Steven Joyce at Waitangi
NZ politician hit in head with dildo
Starving sea lion rescued after being found in San Diego restaurant
Italian wife faces 6 years in jail because she doesn't cook or clean enough
Coldplay honored by Super Bowl but puzzled by game
Hillary Clinton: I Took $675,000 In Speaking Fees From Wall Street Because I Didn't Know I Would Run For President
Horrified cabbies pick up 'Ghost Passengers' in area devastated by 2011 Japan tsunami
Fake Fleshlight: US sex toy magnate Steven Shubin sues former Gold Coast porn king Jos Schoonenberg
Danish police respond to heated Star Wars fight
Cable TV News Named As Most Helpful Source This Election
Trump would 'nuke Denmark', rival Cruz says
TPP protester chucks dildo at New Zealand's Minister for Economic Development saying "that's for raping our sovereignty"
Prostitute Had To Be 'Surgically Removed From Client That Died During Sex'
Mystery pool pooper set to be revealed
Not the oignon: fury as France changes 2,000 spellings and ditches circumflex
The Gothenburg Snow Penis Strikes Again
PA Lawmaker Demands Weather Channel Meteorologist Apologize for Insulting Punxsutawney Phil
Steven Joyce to go down in history as 'Dildo Baggins'
New Jersey Man Is Arrested After Drone Hits Empire State Building
Roosh V. Lives at Home In His Mom's Basement
BREAKING: Three days before Year of the Monkey, golden monkey at Ocean Park dies
Slovak Prime Miniter says 'F it' and hires topless model
Wife crashes her own funeral, horrifying her husband, who had paid to have her killed
Japanese taxi drivers claim 'ghost passengers' hail cabs at site of 2011 tsunami
Wife crashes her own funeral, horrifying her husband, who had paid have her killed
Jet crew suspended for letting Sonu Nigam sing on a flight
dich vu bao ve nha hang quan 11
Woman wants 420 tattoo removed from forehead, starts a GoFundMe
Thief caught on camera after triggering photo booth during robbery in Illinois, US
Black tarantula named after Johnny Cash
Victorian mousetrap snags modern-day mouse while on display at museum
Bold North Korean Leaders Deploy Advanced Cigarette Butt Attack On South Korea
Man says he's racked up 400 lays and now he's bored of sex Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2016/02/05/man-says-hes-racked-up-400-lays-and-now-hes-bored-of-sex-5663421/#ixzz3zI4htZw2
#Dildogate: New Zealand politician hit by flying dildo in protest over TTIP trade deal
"AT&T is the villain" in city broadband fight, Republican lawmaker says
Ethics prosecutor faces ethics inquiry
Swiss authorities ban 'noisy' silent discos
New Zealand Economic Minister Steven Joyce hit in face by sex toy
Martin Shkreli Asked About Wu-Tang Clan in Congressional Hearing, Pleads the Fifth
Pictured pickup artist center international pro-rape storm tshirt shorts door mother's home lives basement
Man dies after trying to eat McDonalds Cheeseburger in one mouthful
Pensioners held in Pattaya for taking bridge too far
Britons Arrested As Army Raids Bridge Club
Student Free Speech Society May be Banned - For Speaking Out Against Student Societies
Founder of the Company Bought by Microsoft for $250M Sold His Share for a Bike
Man lives to 107 'by only drinking red wine'
Cat burglar steals a cat
Italian actor dead after hanging scene turns horribly real
Sperm whale's death after Hunstanton stranding 'best for its welfare'
The Lives and Lies of a Professional Impostor
Siberians donate valuables for DiCaprio 'Oscar' statue
Row over Spain's English-language Eurovision entry
Cruz: Trump is 'losing it,' would nuke Denmark
Finns warned of 'too big' snow shovel risk
Chelsea Clinton calls Bernie 'President Sanders' in awkward slip
NYT - For Millennial Men, Gray Hair Is Welcome
Ben Stiller Breaks World Record of Longest Selfie Stick Ever Made at Zoolander 2 Premiere
Japanese police hunt prolific Tokyo Metro strap thief
Bookshop's prices shot down 10% for customers openly carrying guns
Pennsylvania groundhog gives prediction from beyond the grave.
Iranian imams are showing their fun side on Instagram
Trump nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize
That has to be at least 27 sheep.
New Zealand politician hit in the face with a flying pink dildo
Clothing website causes outrage when black model poses in 'SLAVE' t-shirt
#Dildogate: New Zealand politician hit by flying dildo in protest over TPP trade deal
Ice skaters use 'boar curling' to rescue stranded pigs from the ice
Mike Tyson Defends The Pigeon
Because only white people can be racist
James Franco to direct film based on 'Zola's' epic Twitter story
New Zealand politician has sex toy thrown in face. Now known as Dildo Baggins.
4 Asian High School Students Stand Up to Their White Classmates in an Epic Yearbook Stunt (because only white people can be racist)
Russian Roulette victim ruled as accidental death
Artist turns period stains into statement jewelry
Deputies: Lancaster man died playing Russian roulette with revolver
Student union anti-banning society threatened with ban
Trigger warning: students try to ban free-speech society
How Hollywood's Favorite Juice Bar Owner Eats Every Day
TV Station Educates Public On Dangers Of Teen Sexting By Exposing 14-Year-Old's Name... And Penis
David Cameron's own counter-terrorism advisor is on 'bigoted' secret terrorism database
French linguists in uproar over plans to remove the 'i' in onions
Man is allergic to his car.
Swedish council bans memorial for young social worker stabbed to death by migrant because it 'might offend refugees'
8 year old boy attempts to rob store
North Korea has started using balloons to drop cigarette butts on the South
Man dies during sex and is transported via stretcher with prostitute still on top of his dead body
Bernie Sanders has appeared in not one, but two low-budget rom-coms
Police find Meth, Heroin in camouflage-painted motorhome
Tory councillor accidentally sent details of 'smear plot' to intended targets
Flying pink dildo hits politician in the face during presser
'Pro-rape' blogger organizing a meeting in Albuquerque
Sanders supporters banned from Tinder after campaigning on dating app
Pa. man accused of trying to sell drugs in traffic court
Today's the day Americans become unhealthy again
Virginia lawmakers: 'Adults must check children's private parts before entering restroom'
Brawl erupts after woman defeats man arm wrestling
Man is cured of arachnophobia - by losing a chunk of his brain
Mans penis gets ripped off after attempting to rape a pitbull
Disappointed With Europe, Thousands of Iraqi Migrants Return Home
TV reporter is sexually assaulted live on air as she reports on how migrant New Year rapes are overshadowing the Cologne carnival - which saw 22 sex attacks last night alone
Russian lawyer accuses unlikely animal chums of 'gay propaganda'
Wife shows up at her own funeral, shocks husband who paid hitman to kill her
Festus snake-snatcher says he lost it inside Lowe's
Beezow Doo Doo Zopittybop-Bop-Bop Arrested for Allegedly Biting a Cop
Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop arrested for biting police officer, throwing rocks at deputy
Police kills girl with Asperger's after friends report suicidal intentions.
Flying Penis hits New Zealand official at trade deal protest
Clive the Cat, Missing for a Year, Found Fat and Happy - in Pet Food Warehouse
Offer for free Donald Trump tattoos draws crowds
Drone Crashes Into 40th Floor Of Empire State Building
North Korea sends cigarette butts and used toilet paper via balloons to South Korea
Bernie Sanders, the 'sexy' Democrat with friends on Tinder
Sanders Admits Receiving Free Checking from Big Banks
Thai police crack down on elderly bridge players
A valley fast food restaurant was trashed after a caller, pretending to be with the fire department, instructed employees to smash windows to avoid an explosion due to a gas leak
North Korea sending balloons filled with cigarette butts into South Korea
Wife Crashes Her Own Funeral, Shocks Scheming Husband Who Planned To Have Her Killed
Black Tarantula name after Johnny Cash
Businessman makes a fortune selling bottled British air to the Chinese for £80 a pop
Dennis Rodman thought Wing Bowl was a hot dog eating contest
Sea lion takes a seat at San Diego seafood restaurant
Republicans demand girls flash their vaginas to get into women's toilets
Study: Cops should wait to question Tased suspects
Man sells bottled fresh air for £80/$116 each to the Chinese
Alabama man gets sister pregnant after unknowingly having sex with her during furry party.
McDonald's facing lawsuit over allegations of fake cheese in mozzarella sticks
British man makes small fortune selling bottled fresh air for £80/$116 each to the Chinese
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck?
UK man makes small fortune selling bottled fresh air for £80/$116 each to the Chinese
James Franco set to direct 'Zola' story
Turkish army seizes parrots, budgies on Syria border
Texas governor says he supports crosses on police cars
How the Satanic Temple forced Phoenix lawmakers to ban public prayer
Cruz says President Trump would nuke Denmark
New species of tarantula found near Folsom Prison named for Johnny Cash
Prostitute wheeled away still attached to dead client, video claims
Matt Harvey initially thought DeGrom was a woman
Santorum Took An Online Quiz And Aligned More With Rubio Than Himself
Police: Man beheaded dog, duck outside his apartment because he was stressed
The new McDonald's kale salad is worse for you than a double Big Mac
8 Year Old Florida Boy Holds Up a Grocery Store
N.J. man faces 5 years in prison for theft of $4.53 bag of chicken
N.Y. Elementary School 'Fight Club' Uncovered by Student's Father
Found this on r/politics, you couldn't write this stuff
North Korea hits South with cigarette butts, used toilet paper
Just when you thought going to a Raiders game couldn't be scarier
Clinton Insists She's Not Beholden to Wall Street While Raking in $21.4 Million
McDonald's sued for alleged mock mozzarella in cheese sticks
Police: 8-year-old boy wielding loaded gun tries to rob Florida grocery
Man's Penis Gets Ripped Off After Attempting To Rap A Pit Bull
Tinder bans users for sending pro-Bernie Sanders messages
Just when you thought going to a Raiders game couldn't be scarier, Raiders vs Texans to play in Mexico City
Man's Penis Gets Ripped Off After Attempting To Rape A Pit Bull
Ja Rule just endorsed Hillary Clinton
Porn Star, James Deen is accused of raping Porn Actress, Stoya
Squirrel left thousands without power in Tulsa
'Leave my goats alone': Owner makes plea to serial goat rapist
comments Man who killed wife, posted picture of her body on Facebook, sentenced to life in prison
Man who killed wife, posted picture of her body on Facebook, sentenced to life in prison
Woman Stabbed Husband Over Him Ignoring Candy Crush Life Requests
People Don't Name Their Kids Hillary Anymore Because of Hillary Clinton
Italian actor dies after live hanging scene goes wrong
Christian Kid Says That Criticizing Him for Bullying Gay Students is Itself a Form of Bullying
Tennessee Dollar General manager accused of raping shoplifters
News short: Jetta receives new hood ornament during crash
The Clintons ruined the name 'Hillary' for new parents
Ohio police and perhaps 'Man with the Yellow Hat' on lookout for monkey
Report: Man hit with life sentence for killing friend over Super Bowl bet
Catfish mailbox prank has residents on edge in Central Florida neighborhood
Bigamist caught after wife saw second wedding photos online
White supremacists form super PAC in support of Trump
Harmony Speciale out as Oneida County legislator
Woman believes her goats are being sexually assaulted
What It's Like to Be a Stoner Who's Allergic to Marijuana
Unusual "hit list" discovered at Edmond middle school
When It Was Legal (And Not Uncommon) to Send Your Kids Through the US Mail
Subway riders take over R train, claim to be members of ISIS
What Happens When You Drink an Entire Bottle of Weed Lube
KC rapper Tech N9ne donates 550 bras to domestic violence shelter
Gay, Mentally Challenged Biracial Male Cheerleader Claims Discrimination
Saudi Man Faces 1,000 Lashes for Having Sex With Vacuum Cleaner World News Daily Report
NSFW Flying penis slaps New Zealand minister in the face.
Woman with bleeding face lucky to be alive after deadly snake bit in Safety Bay, Western Australia
Utah legislators back plan to declare porn a health crisis
Lena Dunham: I'm Done with Twitter Until It's a Safe Space
DA releases 911 call in cop's killing of Sugar the cat
Man scared off robber in Seattle by saying "I'm from St. Louis!"
Leonardo DiCaprio's Russian Fans Are Melting Down Their Gold to Make Him an Oscar
Lionsgate Blames Mockingjay 2's Commercial Underperformance on Star Wars and Terrorism
Man is allergic to his new CAR and can only drive it for 40 minutes a week
Vagina Powerlifter Claims To Know The Secret Of Great Sex
Vagina Weight Lifter Begins European Tour And She Needs Your Help
Vagina kung fu: Vaginal guru Kim Anami lifts weights and a surfboard with her super-strength genitals
Man with electric saw outside Toronto courthouse threatens reporters waiting for start of Jian Ghomeshi trial
I'm too out of shape for virtual reality.
NSFW you can now post 'sphincter cards' and the photo is kinda detailed/beautiful.
Living Out of a Van Is the New American Dream | VICE | United States
Millennials dying hair gray as part of new fashion trend
See the elaborate cake made for Gov. Rick Snyder's wife by Ann Arbor bakery
Man previously unacquainted with McDonald's sues over fake cheese
Man, woman charged after argument over broken Lego structure turns physical
Chelsea Clinton accidentally calls Bernie 'President Sanders' while campaigning for her mom
Here's Bernie Sanders as a rabbi in a romantic comed
East Texas man stole car from Taco Bueno parking lot after applying for job there
Geoffrey Cox: Tory MP failed to declare £400,000 in extra earnings
Chelsea Clinton accidentally calls Bernie 'President Sanders'
Woman with bleeding face lucky to be alive after deadly snake bite in Safety Bay, Western Australia
KFC identifies man's 'vile' meal as deep fried 'kidney or lung'
Fake Quotes by Founding Fathers Included in Gun Rights Bill
Italian actor dies after hanging during stage play
Trump's unwelcome support: White supremacists
Vegans argue they're a 'creed' under Ontario human rights law
Arachnid with 99-million-year erection found entombed in amber in South-East Asia
Prank call leads Burger King workers to smash windows, crash car through doors
Police Log (Feb. 5)
Zika found in saliva, urine in Brazil; U.S. offers sex advice
Wife crashes her own funeral, surprising husband who had paid to have her killed
Idaho police pick up Santa Claus for driving the wrong way
The Case for Putting Weed Up Your Vagina
Actor gets hanged, and dies, while getting hanged in a stage play. (RIP)
Weed In Vagina: A New Approach For Treating Menstrual Cramps
Bedbug genome spills secrets of violence, weird sex
Man walks through Folkestone in skirt taking fish for walk
The Chickening is a NSFW, poultry-covered remix of The Shining
Deion Sanders says Johnny Manziel's girlfriend is a problem
Mother seeks justice from Nike and Michael Jordan in son's murder
Deion Sanders says Johnny Manziel's ex-girlfriend is 'his issue'
Lawmakers wants apology from meteorologist who dissed Punxsutawney Phil
The shape of the future: Is obesity a crisis or just the latest stage of evolution?
Lawmaker wants apology from meteorologist who dissed Punxsutawney Phil
Maldives President's Sri Lankan "Black Magician" speaks out
Starving seal seats itself in booth at San Diego restaurant
Sea lion found asleep in San Diego restaurant
Dude could not be more stoked to get into car crash with porn star
New Law In London Would Fine Homeless £1,000 For Sleeping Outside Or "Loitering"
Woman to go on trial in Italy for being a bad housewife
IU deputy Title IX director accused of sexual assault, University confirms
Guy Falls Asleep at Work and Co-Workers Upload Picture to Internet, Photoshopped Images Ensue
Pirate Group Suspends New Cracks To Measure Impact on Sales
American tourist ends up in wrong part of Iceland due to 'typing error on GPS'
Hacker hijacks Dridex botnet to serve free antivirus
Leonardo DiCaprio fans in Siberia are melting down their jewellery to make the actor an Oscar for The Revenant
SO, NASA Got Sick of all that Conspiracy Thing and Released over 10,000 Photos from the Apollo Moon Mission
Zika virus forces Tata Motors to rename hatchback Zica
Man sells British fresh air to wealthy Chinese elite for £80 a jar
Former public schoolboy sells bottled AIR from British countryside to smog-plagued Chinese elite for £80 a go
'Rockets' launched by University of Gloucestershire students in North Korea tribute stunt
New app allows you to split a bill based on how much privilege you have
NFL scouts worried J.J. Watt was slow, dumb prior to Draft
Showing friendship between a tiger and a goat could violate Russia's gay propaganda law
Italian wife risks six years in jail for not doing housework
Teen sues TV station for £600K over unauthorized broadcast of his genitals
North Korea branded 'immature' after dropping used toilet paper on South Korea
Osaka student steals sports car, wins race with it.
Italian wife faces jail for 'not doing housework'
Wanted in China: More Male Teachers, to Make Boys Men
TIL a 10-year-old saved his great-grandmother's life in a speeding vehicle after she fell unconscious while driving. [...] Hailed as a hero, he credited his skills to playing Mario Kart.
Branded for Bernie: Dozens get inked with free Sanders tat
"Goats And Prostitutes In Sex War" Crazy Huh?
'YOU SUCK!' Debbie Wasserman Schultz heckled by NH Dems
No charges for flinging pink dildo
Woman Crashes Own Funeral After Husband Thinks He's Had Her Successfully Killed by Hit Men
Free State student says flying Confederate flag not meant to be racist; others weigh in as petitions to ban it circulate
Politician hit in face with pink sex toy thrown by protester who accuses him of 'raping country'
Teens entered park after hours to use track and hit a gate. Several injured people on a closed track.
Police called to '30 masked men smashing cars' - but discover a filming session for a rap video
Teachers strip naked to give English lessons in a bid to motivate students
Want to Pay Reparations in Your Own Life? There's an App for That
Answers sought after male bus driver poses as elderly woman
Global warming might be causing dogs to become depressed, say pet behaviourists
Police: Man tries to sell narcotics in courtroom, gets arrested
Naked Models Teach You Language Lessons For Naked News Channel
Models strip naked to give English lessons in Venezuela
A Hungry Sea Lion Wanders Into a Restaurant ...
Ford F-150 has cleaner emissions than both Fiat 500 and... a leaf blower.
Norway gave its cops guns. After 1 year, it's taking them away.
Emissions Test: Car vs. Truck vs. Leaf Blower
Bernie Sanders supporters blocked from Tinder after using app for campaigning
Models strip naked to give English lessons in Venezuela [VIDEO]
Bollywood Star: Airlines That Don't Let Me Perform Are Preventing Happiness
11-year-old boy convicted of killing 8-year-old girl
Dozens of takers for free Bernie Sanders tattoos
Video: Principal announces school closure with Adele parody
Swiss city authorities bans 'silent disco' events due to noise concerns
180-year-old piano likely heard by Abraham Lincoln to play again
Even virtual assistants are sexually harassed
Schwarzenegger: Kasich is like the Terminator
Motorcyclist done in by Thin Mint Girl Scout cookies after police chase
Neurologist explains why it's hard to look at Ted Cruz's creepy 'unsettling' face
Student invites mom to prom
Man threatens sex store clerk with gun for refusing to exchange penis pump.
Teachers $trip-naked to teach English lessons
Trayvon Martin painting created by George Zimmerman sells for $2 million
NSA Gives Itself High Marks for Handling of U.S. Internet Records
Man has heart attack in race sponsored by donut maker
Squirrel causes large power outage in east Tulsa after it 'touched the wrong thing'
Homemade Jewelry made easy!
Boy, 11, guilty of murdering girl, 8, after she refused to let him see puppies
What Happens When You Drink an Entire Bottle of Weed Lube | Broadly
Fire Destroys Home, Renter Still Gets Cable Bill
Chicago officer sues estate of teen he shot, claiming trauma
British Airways Agrees Female Employees May Wear Pants To Work
Gloria Steinem Says Young Women Only Support Bernie Because Boys Do
Cop who shot Quintonio LeGrier and neighbor sues teen's estate, claiming trauma
These biker gangs are schoolboys with absurdly large speakers on their bicycles
Albright: 'special place in hell' for women who don't support Clinton
Oops! Cars accidentally fall through water in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin
Italian Actor Raphael Schumacher Declared Dead After Hanging Scene Gone Wrong
Transgender man with Aspergers disease killed by Arizona police.
Man dies during Krispy Kreme Challenge run
Sydney to implement Kebab lock-out laws
As Clinton touts student debt bailout plan, critics point to $2M in college speaking fees
Teens tried as adults for possessing pornographic images of themselves.
Man dies after running in Krispy Kreme Challenge
Ted Cruz Offered $1 Million to Star In Porno Titled 'Cruzin for Bush'
Italian actor declared clinically dead after being accidentally strangled in hanging scene
Chicago Cop Sues Estate of Teen He Shot Six Times, Asks for $10 Million
Woody Harrelson Wants to Open a Pot Dispensary in Hawaii
Is this proof that the abominable snowman exists?
Sydney Now Implements Kebab Lockout Laws
Column: Black people are aliens
Sylvester Stallone Apologizes for Misspelling 'NAACP'
A soccer player in Turkey gets banned for talking politics
Army ranger gets confirmed kill with MRE spoon
Disabled speaker blocked from speaking due to lack of ramp at a disability inclusion panel
NSW Police Questions 10 William Street Over a Wine List
'Legal Rape' Advocate Reportedly Lives In Mother's Basement
Charlie Sheen offers advice to Johnny Manziel
Photo booth theft suspect found after machine took his photo
Dildo throwing is not a good look for New Zealand, says PM John Key
Cat missing for a year found living in pet food warehouse
Police: Suspect used stolen cellphone to call victim's house twice
Florida: Batman Wanted For Dollar Store Robberies, Caped Crusader Demanded Cash As He Pointed Gun At Cashier
Runner died with the first mile of the Krispy Kreme Challenge.
Drunk Zamboni Driver Sentenced Over .314 BAC In North Dakota
Science Says Cheese is Basically Cocaine
Cheese triggers the same part of the brain as hard drugs, say scientists
Martin Shkreli Sold Me a Gram of Mid for $45 in Middle School
Female Orangutan Had Male 'Hired Gun' In First Such Known Orangutan Killing
Ice swallows cars at Lake Geneva's Winterfest
Jackson County jury duty notice directs potential jurors to call phone sex line
Missing Cat Found 16 Months Later in Nearby Pet Food Warehouse: 'I Can't Believe He's So Porky'
Merrick Patch: Man Tried to Rob North Merrick Stop and Shop Deli: Police
German Students Should Take Compulsory Arabic Lessons Says Leading Professor
Iraqi refugee raped 10yo boy in Austria, says it was 'sexual emergency'
Ice isn't nice: 15 cars sink into lake
Brazil mayor imposes breathalyzer tests for sober town hall meetings
Paris gets first meat vending machine
Kevin the Goat Terrorises Neighbours
Iraqi refugee raped 10-year-old boy at Austrian swimming pool, says it was a 'sexual emergency' and a 'huge mistake'
Chris Christie called out Marco Rubio for canned answers. Rubio's reply? A canned answer.
Woman literally attends her own funeral. Confronts shocked husband who paid to have her killed
Gov. Walker to sign bill legalizing concealed switchblades on Saturday
Man named Beezow Doo-Doo Zopittybop-Bop-Bop busted for assaulting cop
Chicago officer sues family of teen he killed for $10M because killing the teen left him "traumatized"
Chicago police officer is now suing the family of the man he killed
Private investigator says getting prostitutes faster than getting pizza delivered in Hialeah
Ice isn't nice to festival visitors
Colorado Department of Transportation Using World War II Howitzer to Clear Snow
Republican Candidates Can't Even Get Walking to Their Debate Podiums Right
Joseph Gordon-Levitt Dresses as Robin and Makes Out with a Man in Drag During Harvard's Hasty Pudding Man of the Year Ceremony
San Francisco's Hills Are Winning the Game Against Overloaded Beer Trucks
Ben Carson sparks backstage traffic jam during GOP debate; Donald Trump misses two entrance cues during live TV flub
Army Ranger Kills Enemy With MRE Spoon
Top cop Detective Inspector Rod Kemp dies on the way to his own retirement lunch
Man dies after participating in 'Krispy Kreme Challenge' race
Ted Cruz left Canada when he was 4. Calgary seems okay with that.
NSW Police question Sydney restaurant 10 William Street over its wine list
Couple: woman posed as Humane Society worker, stole dog
Subway tunnel workers just going to pretend they didn't find that chamber of skulls
Wolfsburg sign young British player - as their official Fifa gamer
155-year old mouse trap claims its latest victim
Tamil Nadu: Spat turns ugly, bus driver bites nose of passenger
Tech 'Some of the biggest barriers to progress are white women' GitHub's diversity guru preaches
Almost every top official in Texas city arrested in federal corruption case
'Some of the biggest barriers to progress are white women' says startup's diversity guru
Cheese mistaken for meth
After emotional debate, panel OKs Utah bill declaring porn a health crisis
With embargo under the rug, Persian carpets can roll into U.S. again
German mayor says 10-year-olds shouldn't 'provoke' sex attacks
Chicago officer sues estate of teen he shot
Sylvester Stallone apologises for misspelling ''NAACP''
Lawmaker to trans community: "Sorry you're so twisted."
Colorado Department of Transportation Is Using a Howitzer to Clear Snow
North Korea bombards South Korea with balloons packed with used toilet paper
White policeman who shot dead black student sues family because he's 'traumatised
North Korea attacks South Korea with used toilet paper
Fears that three-day deaf festival "will be too noisy"
Christian college professor to step down after saying Muslims worship same god
New 'study' blames vaccines for microcephaly, not zika
Meat vending machine opens in Paris
Man Arrested For Lurking Outside Taylor Swift's Home Without Photographing Her For Profit
Gloria Steinem: Young women back Sanders so they can meet 'boys
BIOWEAPON! Zika Virus Is Being Spread by GMO Mosquitoes Funded by Gates!
Dentist Sued for 'Harassing' Staff With Christian Music in Office
'Weird' Scottish imports store stays alive in Salt Lake City
Police: Man asks for glass of water, steals car instead
This Pastry Chef who matches fabulous desserts in Paris with his shoe collection!
Runner in Krispy Kreme Challenge dies
Obese woman dies of heart attack as emergency services try to figure out how to get her out of the house
Clinton promises to release Wall Street transcripts if opponents do the same
Cop who killed college student and 55-year-old mother sues for 'extreme emotional trauma'
Man walks past actress and then ends up on rape charge despite not touching
Couple 'got so drunk, they allowed 9-year-old to drive them home'
KFC taps Jim Gaffigan to portray Colonel Sanders in Super Bowl 50 commercial
Serial 'foot-stomper' assaulting Austin women
Police: Box of Girl Scout cookies helped identify motorcycle chase suspect
Mentally Ill Man Who Killed Wife Won't Get Her Pension
Two Teens Die After Sneaking Into Olympic Bobsled Track And Try To Sled On It
Gloria Steinem and Madeleine Albright Scold Young Women Backing Bernie Sanders
Mouse Killed by 150-Year-Old Trap in English Museum Display
Man dies at Krispy Kreme donut challenge in U.S.
Police officer sues the estate of the university student he fatally shot
God Can Stop Piracy, Research Finds
Chicken And Biscuits Bank Robber Gets 2-4 Years
Police arrest 'very nervous' man with a gun in Southeast Portland bar
Commuter who walked past actress at Waterloo station cleared of 'bizarre' sex assault claim
Village vigilantes use water pistols to deter aggressive swans
Teenager arrested after man attacked with a pudding bowl near Cheltenham
Homeless man objects to loss of hat, dentures, rights
Swedish feminists: "Please don't protect us if we get raped by immigrants"
Police tell restaurant staff that blackboard menu encourages heavy drinking and should be moved
Tried for a sex crime... because I brushed past a film star in rush-hour: Artist, 51, accused of bizarre 'hit and run' assault on award-winning actress despite no evidence or witnesses - so why DID it come to trial?
Mouse Caught In 150-Year-Old Mousetrap At Museum
Runner in Krispy Kreme Challenge dies, newspaper reports
Broncos Fan Spends $21k On Tickets, Hasn't Told His Wife, Does Interview On TV
Woman says she is a cat trapped trapped in the wrong body
Super Bowl 50 drink prices: $13 for Coors Light, $25 for glass of wine
Woman crashes own funeral, terrifies husband
Chicago Cop Sues Family of Teen He Killed, Claiming "Emotional Trauma"
Twitter bares cleavage in support of Susan Sarandon
Jeb goes after Marco: 'He's never been challenged in his life'
НЕТ ИНТЕРНЕТА! \РЕШЕНИЕ ПРОБЛЕМЫ.#6 СПОСОБОВ НА ЗАМЕНУ ИНТЕРНЕТА.
Woman arrested for assaulting farting husband
Chicago cop who shot mentally ill teen sues family for $10 million over 'emotional trauma'
Halle Berry on Being the Only Black Woman to Win a Best Actress Oscar: "It's Heartbreaking"
Man gets backhoe stuck in local lake
Chelsea Clinton accidentally calls Bernie Sanders 'President'
California Taxes Will Eat Up All Of Cam Newton's Super Bowl Earnings
Italian man sues wife for 'negligence in household duties'.
German authorities shut down Canada's Maple Bank
Tattoo artist offering free Bernie Sanders tattoos
Clinton Says She's Unsure What Sanders Means by 'Wall Street'
Mouse gets caught in museum's 150 year old mousetrap
Colonial Williamsburg Super Bowl ad shows World Trade Center falling, angers viewers
Barry Sanders says Calvin Johnson retiring 'would be devastating' to the Detroit Lions
Pentagon orders commanders to prioritize climate change in all military actions
New Zealand Official Feels Privileged to Have Had Dildo Thrown at His Face
Indian lawyer to sue Hindu god Lord Ram over his 'cruel' treatment of wife Sita
Why an Indian lawyer tried to sue God
Chicago Officer, Citing Emotional Trauma, Sues Estate of Teenager He Fatally Shot
Christian College That Bans Premarital Sex Makes Fitbits Required
Chicago Officer Sues Estate of Teenager He Fatally Shot
Pirating Group to Stop Cracking Some Games to Evaluate Impact on Sales
Ranger Gets Confirmed Kill With MRE Spoon
Broncos Fan Spends $21,000 on Super Bowl Tickets Without Consulting Wife
Indian lawyer sues God
Pete Rose Does Commercial for Sports Betting App
Runner In Krispy Kreme Challenge Dies Following Chest Pains
Man dies after running in Krispy Kreme Challenge in Raleigh
Pete Rose Set to Star in Super Bowl Ad for Sports Betting App
Man sucked out of passenger jet was wheelchair bound suicide bomber, claim investigators
Suicide Bomber Blew Himself Out of a Plane, Everyone Else Survives
Pete Rose stars in Super Bowl ad for sports betting app
Donald Trump: I'd bring back 'a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding'
For Millennial Men, Gray Hair Is Welcome
Marshawn Lynch announces retirement in middle of super bowl
Collapsing coffins mar Cuba's funerals
Woody Harrelson Applies to Open Marijuana Dispensary in Hawaii
Shoplifting suspect leaves cell phone, puddle of urine at crime scene
Man flashes fake badge, demands oral sex, Fort Pierce police say
Woman skipped job interview, opted to go shoplifting instead, cops say
Drunk mother forces 9-year-old daughter to drive truck with infant inside, police say
Iraqi migrant admits raping boy in Austrian pool after having 'too much sexual energy'
Austria: Migrant rapes 10-year-old boy, claims it was 'sexual emergency'
Iraqi migrant held for sodomising boy in Vienna, says it was 'sexual emergency'
Asshole Lab Rat Really Screwing With Scientific Study
Coyotes, tripping on mushrooms, attacking cars and traffic in San Francisco
Taiwan earthquake: Toppled highrise constructed with tin cans
Monkey arrested for harassing locals
UK Police 'ponder eagles to tackle drones'
Battling doctor shortage, Indian hospitals offer intensive care from afar
US cop sues estate of teen he fatally shot, claiming shooting left him traumatised
Students dressed as aliens suspended for #blackface
Michigan Senate Passes Bill Making Anal Sex Punishable By 15 Years In Prison
Cam Newton now owes the state of California tons of money after the Super Bowl
Heineken says it wants to make being drunk uncool
Forget conspiracy theories - here's why Google's 'Conservatives are' blacklist is worrying
France's Jews Flee As Rioters Burn Paris Shops, Attack Synagogue
Police: Men climbed utility pole to check cable connection in time for Super Bowl
Police 'ponder eagles to tackle drones'
American Jason Kenney fields Twitter scorn directed at Canadian Jason Kenney
Philip Ruddock to retire from politics for human rights role
Museum-invading mouse ensnared by display's 155-year-old mousetrap
World's most obese man dies after bingeing on energy drinks
Man Dies After Starting Krispy Kreme Challenge in Raleigh
West Bank Settlers' Listings on Airbnb Draw Palestinian Anger
Chicago police officer sues victim's family over shooting
Jeffrey Archer cuts his tax bill- by giving his statue of Satan to Oxford
Top Clinton Donor Wants a Law Against $1 Million Gifts Like His
Teen sues TV station for $1M over unauthorized broadcast of his genitals
Clown arrested for drunk driving
$115 bottles of British air sold to Chinese buyers
A Chicago Cop is Suing the Family of the Teen He Shot For $10 Million
Pro-Choice Group Denounces Doritos Super Bowl Ad for 'Humanizing Fetuses'
Living Out of a Van Is the New American Dream
NARAL Attacks Doritos 'Ultrasound' Super Bowl Ad For 'Humanizing Fetuses'
Obamas lament White House Wi-Fi situation
FBI arrests nearly all the top officials of Crystal City, Tex.
Pete Rose appears in Super Bowl commercial for sports gambling app
Man dies during Krispy Kreme challenge
America's sheriffs turn back on Beyonce Super Bowl 'Formation' performance
Bill Clinton accuses Bernie Sanders supporters - "Berniebros" - of sexism
The potato farmer who swapped bankruptcy for making millions
Martin Shkreli is actually a great guy
Cliven Bundy compares LaVoy Finicum to Jesus at funeral: 'He was basically crucified'
Fire erupts while man loads ammo, bullet hits firefighter
Meteorite Strike Kills 1, Injures 3 At College in India
Beleaguered Phil Anselmo Sings Boyz II Men With His Black Friends
Former Judge Angela Stokes working at Chick-fil-a in Strongsville
Man Dies After Krispy Kreme Race Requiring Runners to Eat 12 Donuts in 5 Miles
Chicago cop sues estate of teen he killed
Spain: Madrid city calls for release of puppeteers
Chicago police officer sues estate of teenager he fatally shot
Saudis Mock Morality Police For Arresting A Mascot
Red carpet for (Egyptian) President Sisi's convoy criticised in Egypt
Michigan Senate Passes Bill that Makes Anal Sex Punishable By 15 Years in Prison
The Latest: Trump says waterboarding is "fine"
Michigan passes bill that could 'punish' gay sex with 15 years in prison
Michigan passes bill saying anal sex is punishable by 15 years in prison
Kevin Durant spends Super Bowl on sidelines as photographer
66-year-old man struck by lightning while masturbating to the Bible
Papers shake in Bill Clinton's hand as he accuses Sanders supporters of 'sexism'
Scientists Are Building A Profane, Angry Robot To Train Customer Service Representatives
American Tourist "Shocked" to Discover Canada has its "Own Currency"
Woman drinks bottle of weed lube
The smell of success? $115 bottles of British air sold to Chinese buyers
9-year-old pulled over while driving drunk couple home
Refugees Go Clubbing in Russia, Harass Girls, Wake up in Hospital the Next Morning
Krispy Kreme Challenge Ends With 1 Dead
Mexico 'won't pay single cent for Trump's stupid wall'
Chicago policeman who shot black teenager sues victim's estate for $10m 'emotional trauma'
Man dies after attempting to run in 'Krispy Kreme Challenge'
Bill Fucking Clinton Accuses Bernie Supporters of Sexism
Krispy Kreme Challenge Ends With 1 Dead in North Carolina
Study proves drinking makes you happier than playing with your children.
People are being super mean to Tim Cook about his blurry Super Bowl photo
Star Wars Fan Spends $300,000 on Botox to look like Jabba The Hut
A Wendy's Worker Arrested After Using Her Vagina Discharge As Mayo And Put It On Her Enemy's Burger [NSFW]
Colonial Williamsburg Super Bowl ad criticized for 9/11 attacks footage
Internet laughs at Montreal man who fell asleep at work
Canadian twins die in bobsled accident
Morgue worker arrested after giving birth to a dead man's baby
An Italian woman may go to jail for not doing enough housework
Canadian twin brothers killed in bobsled accident - BBC News
Canadian twin brothers killed in bobsled accident
Man Dies During Krispy Kreme Race During Which Runners Eat a Dozen Doughnuts
Taiwan earthquake: Tin cans found in the construction of toppled high-rise
SLO man breaks mountain lion's neck
Michigan Senate Passes Bill Outlawing Oral and Anal Sex - Violators punishable for up to 15 Years in Prison
Chipotle Urges Workers to Stay Home If They're Sick
World's fastest mobility scooter hits record 107.6 mph
Oklahoma restaurant won't serve 'freaks,' 'f*ggots,' the disabled and welfare recipients
Queensland Police seize Townsville Crocs t-shirt launcher
Russian bear plays hockey in halftime show
Carnival float makers under investigation in Germany for racist symbols
Egyptian President Rolls Out 2.5 Mile Red Carpet For His Motorcade
Obamas Hope to Fix White House's Spotty WiFi for Next First Family
A Meteorite May Have Just Killed Someone for the First Time on Record
Flats destroyed in Taiwain earthquake were reinforced with cooking oil cans
Mexico won't pay a cent for Trump's 'stupid wall'
Chipotle Blames Sick Employees for Norovirus Outbreak
Philadelphia's Inflatable Rat-Makers Union Protests use of Non-Union Inflatable Rats
NASA bans the word 'Jesus'
Gigantic red carpet stirs up Egyptian media storm
Stellenbosch 'blackface' incident was actually purple-face
This is a Russian bear playing hockey
State Trooper Among Those Arrested In Statewide DUI Sweep
Dolls With 'Supernatural Powers' Allowed Seating On Thai Smile Airways
Fresh air 'harvested' for polluted city dwellers - at a price
Cousin of Nigerian astronaut on Russian rocket stranded in space wants $3m in order to get him home.
Politician Planning Smear Campaign Against Opponents Accidentally Emails Them the Plan
Nigerian astronaut lost in space needs $3m to get home - could be a scam
Runner Dies During Krispy Kreme Doughnut Race
Bikers for Trump: 'He'll get my vote because he's off his goddamn rocker'
Grad student in mathematics ruins birthday party by using a fair division algorithm to cut cake
Coward sentenced in ambush hammer attack
Burglary suspects caught trying to load safe into car
Barack and Michelle Obama complain about patchy WiFi in the White House
Michigan Senate Passes Bill Outlawing Oral and Anal Sex - Violators Will Face 15 Years in Prison
Who planted drugs in the PTA mom's car? Upscale parents, and for petty reasons
Instead of Helping Flint, Michigan Republicans Just Passed a Bill That Makes Anal Sex Illegal
Gloria Steinem: women are supporting Bernie Sanders 'for the boys'
Wis. Police: 9-Year-Old Drives Intoxicated Parents Home, Couple Charged
Scientists Search for Glaucoma Cure, Discover Perfect Pancakes Instead
Bernie Sanders' folk album enjoys a sales surge
Obamas complain about White House Wi-Fi
Michigan Senate Passes Bill Outlawing Oral and Anal Sex - Violators Will Face 15 Years in Prison Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/michigan-senate-passes-bill-outlawing-oral-anal-sex-violators-face-15-years-prison/#hK3BfGhaX3yQOtbB.99
Internet unsure if ancient Greek 'laptop' is a Mac or a PC
Violent puppet show sparks apology, but jailing puppeteers was wrong, says Madrid mayor
Clients of "residential tattoo operation" called Discount Tattoo advised to be tested for HIV
Russia to Construct American Indian Genocide Memorial in Front of U.S. Embassy
Feminists in Sweden have launched a new campaign against men that wants to protect women from being raped.
Man accused of tossing gator into Wendy's drive-thru window
Modern day Laurel and Hardy use foul language as they try to move sofa
Silent discos are too noisy for sleepy Swiss city
Italian wife faces prison after husband complains she didn't do housework
Runner drops dead after chest pains during a 5-mile Krispy Kreme Challenge
Officials: Too early to say if naked man killed in police action had weapon
Google will begin showing anti-ISIS ads to counter terrorism
Retching protester tries to exorcise Ted Cruz demons
Krispy Kreme Challenge: Man dies taking part in doughnut eating race
Residents: 'Cat urine' smell permeating Croton community
Bill criminalizing anal and oral sex passes Michigan Senate
Amazon's rent-a-Buddhist-monk service causes controversy in Japan
Clinton calls out Sanders for Wall Street connection
UK, Dutch police may use attack eagles to take down drones
Station cat gets a promotion after five years of mouse catching
Man dies during Krispy Kreme Challenge in North Carolina
Abortion Group Blasts Doritos Ad For "Humanizing Fetuses"
Mountain lion attack story determined to be a hoax
'South Beach Tow' star hired as first female head football coach in Florida
Obamas bemoan White House wi-fi
Chipotle closed for lunch, but gives away 'raincheck' burritos
Christie Quits Race to Focus on Tormenting Rubio - The New Yorker
Breakfast-Eating American Hero Ignores Presidential Candidate, Continues Eating Breakfast
Cops Say There's 'Confusion' Over Pot Laws in Canada - the Government Says, 'Chill'
Jeb Bush wants to overturn Citizens United
Man dies after Krispy Kreme Challenge in Raleigh
Palo Alto Student Was Asked to Leave School Because of His DNA
Jeb Bush Calls For Amendment to Fix Citizens United
Smelly elevator no cause for alarm, school says
Man attempts exorcism of Ted Cruz during New Hampshire talk
You can go to jail for having anal or oral sex in Michigan.
Report: Jupiter man arrested for tossing gator into Wendy's
Florida man tosses gator into Wendy's drive-thru window
I'm so lucky to get gift cards by just few taps! Wanna be lucky too? Use my referral code: 290cda3 to get 20 bonus coins.
Titanic II, an exact replica of the original ship, will set sail in 2018
Donald Trump Calls Ted Cruz a 'P--,' Repeating Insult From Crowd
Trump calls Cruz a 'pussy'
Japan's Buddhists want Amazon to end 'rent-a-monk' service
Man accused of stealing police badges while being questioned
Amazon Japan Now Offers Low-Cost Monk Delivery
Man dressed as clown arrested for DUI
Quebec's language police to crack-down on illegal jungle-gym.
Playboy Mansion is for sale - BUT Hugh Hefner comes with it!
Consentual oral, and anal sex, now outlawed in Michigan
Florida man frees iguana trapped in chain-link fence
Woman helps sloth cross the road in Northern Brazil
Businessman selling jars of British air to the Chinese
Stray cat hitches ride on truck from Toronto to Calgary
Sparrow defies nature and joins Japanese family
Floridaman throws gator through Wendy's drive through window
Cop who killed teen and 55-year-old neighbour sues family for $10M over 'extreme emotional trauma'
Alabama Man Dressed In Clown Costume Arrested For Drunk Driving
Megachurch pastor: 'Ted Cruz has been anointed by God to be president of the United States'
66-year-old man struck by lightning while masturbating to Bible
Haryana cows to catwalk in beauty event on Feb 27.
Doritos baby commercial gets the dumbest denunciation ever
MP Board 10th Result 2016 - MPBSE 10th Results - mpresults.nic.in
9 year old driving drunk parents
National Abortion rights group upset because Doritos humanized a fetus in their SB50 commercial.
Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop arrested after attacking cop and trying to stab him with a pen
Men pay me to squash them': The supersize 'stuffers' who get fat for cash - and show off their rolls on the internet
Protesters Removed From Ted Cruz Event After Shouting About Demonic Possession
Goat 'Arrested' For Trashing Garden Of Chhattisgarh Judge
Tennessee boy found guilty of first-degree murder after shooting girl over puppy
Call on Kindle Fire Technical Support Number 1-844-801-7563 toll free
Queen asks government for poverty grant to heat palaces
No VWs for this gang: Bicycling arsonists in Berlin target Mercedes, BMWs and Porsches
Donald Trump: 'I'll look Syrian children in the face and say they can't come'
Tuesday, 9 February 2016 | MYT 2:44 PM Woman beaten by husband after their baby's Facebook photo tagged with another man's name
Donald Trump boasts he's tough enough to reject Syrian refugee children: "I can look in their faces and say you can't come"
Innocent man terrorized by strangers asking for Chipotle burritos
TIL Peyton Manning was found guilty in civil court for rubbing his anus and testicles in the face of a female athletic trainer.
Bill Clinton Accuses Bernie Bros of Sexism. Yes, That Bill Clinton
The UAE will soon appoint a 'Minister of State for Happiness'
No, Seriously. A Goat Arrested, Then Gets Bail In Chhattisgarh.
Marco Rubio, Lampooned for Repeating Himself, Does It Again
Air Farming: Selling Jars of Fresh Air to China and Polluted Cities.
Air farming: The lucrative business of selling fresh air to those in polluted cities
PM's Mum Signs Austerity Cuts Petition
Cops Called To Scrapyard 'Riot' Relieved To Find Rap Video Being Filmed
Vermin Supreme running for President of the United States
Joshua James Arrested for Allegedly Throwing Gator Through Wendy's Drive-Thru
Donald Trump repeats crowd member's Ted Cruz insult: 'He's a pussy.'
Woman faces mandatory 6 years in prison for kicking deputy on shin
Metallica Removed From Super Bowl 50 Stadium Just Before Coldplay Halftime Show
Report: Jupiter man arrested for throwing gator into Wendy's
OQLF [french language police in Quebec] is now going after English - at a playground
Vermin Supreme running for president, still wants to give everyone a pony
Man accused of hurling alligator through Wendy's drive-thru window
Boy, suspended for gun-shaped Pop-Tart, gets lifetime NRA membership
Swiss City Concerned Silent Disco Would Be Too Loud
Do you want fries with that? Man charged with throwing alligator into fast food restaurant
Beer-battered fish excuse didn't save man from 10th drunken driving conviction
2nd-grader given NRA membership for gun-shaped PopTart
Florida man accused of assault with deadly weapon after throwing alligator into Wendy's drive-thru
This Woman Is 100% Certain She's A Cat Trapped In A Human's Body
Couple destroy stranger's car with vigorous carnival sex
Man self servicing To Bible Get Struck By Lightning
'Beta Males' Want To Kill Women Because They Can't Get Laid
Woman who thinks she's a cat trapped in a human body 'hisses at dogs' and has tried to catch mice
Customer throughs alligator through Wendy's drive-thru window
Wanted: home for giant rabbit that could grow to 1.2m long
Wisconsin Police Recover $90,000 in Stolen Cheese
Rare White Giraffe Spotted in African National Park
Two Sanders supporters back on Tinder after brief ban
Bill Stumping for Hillary Clinton: 'Sometimes ... I Wish We Weren't Married'
British Prime Minister's Mother Signs Petition Against Changes Due To His Policies
Oxford's 'Isis Academy' school has changed its name after being confused with a jihadi training camp
Bill Clinton says he sometimes wishes he wasn't married to Hillary before introducing her for New Hampshire speech
This Poor Guy Is Receiving Texts From Hundreds of Chipotle Fans Looking for Free Burritos
Shelter forced to call psychologist to treat bloodthirsty rabbit with a taste for human flesh
BENEFITS PAID ONLINE SURVEYS....
It's Thugs Bunny! Animal shelter calls in pet psychologist to treat violent RABBIT that keeps attacking workers
Michigan Is Too Busy Trying to Outlaw Anal Sex to Address Toxic Flint Water
So I got this in the mail today. [x-post /r/google]
Florida man slashes clerk with sword, blames 'poltergeist'
Theranos Is Hiring Someone to Do 'Storytelling'
Florida man arrested for throwing alligator at Wendy's drive thru
Food bloggers punked with McDonald's meal
Approved: time off for weekend of 'loving'
Instead of helping Flint, Michigan politicians ban anal sex
People won't stop texting this man for Chipotle burritos
Gambler stoned to death by mob after killing two people with sword at casino
Beer-battered fish defense unsuccessful in drunken driving case
Wisconsin couple accused of allowing 9-year-old to drive
Assault with a deadly weapon: Florida man charged with throwing alligator into Wendy's
Christie Quits Race to Focus on Tormenting Rubio
Breastfeeding mother 'amazed' by orangutans' reaction during Melbourne zoo visit
India police arrest goat for grazing in garden
Red Lobster says sales spike 33% after Beyoncé endorsement
Man arrested for allegedly throwing gator into Wendy's drive-thru
Beyonce song sends fans in droves to Red Lobster
Assault with a deadly weapon: Florida man charged with throwing alligator into Wendy's drive-thru
Man Arrested For Allegedly Throwing A Live Alligator Into Wendy's Drive-Thru Window.
Slovenian town goes ahead with beer fountain plan
David Cameron's mum joins the fight against Tory cuts
Michigan Is Too Busy With Anal Sex to Address Toxic Flint Water. Seriously.
Bill Clinton: 'Sometimes ... I Wish We Weren't Married'
Veterans not allowed to use Veterans ID at the polls
Contractor destroys road after not being paid by developer.
Empty paint cans were used as construction material in a collapsed Taiwan building
Police: Man shot in face with flare gun at Panera Bread
Dyslexic employee wins discrimination case against Starbucks (might explain some of the creative customer cup spellings)
'He's possessed by a demon': Man attempts exorcism on Ted Cruz during campaign event
Japan is getting cherry blossom flavoured Pepsi.
Disbelief as Egyptian President rolls out four kilometre red carpet for austerity press conference
PHOENIX CITY COUNCILMAN GETTING BUTT PLUG FOLLOWING SATANIST SCRAP
Florida man arrested for tossing an alligator into a Wendy's drive-through window.
Man throws alligator through a drive-thru window
Rubio Supporters Get In Scuffle With #RobotRubio Protester
Cop Murders Teen Then Sues Family For $10 Million
Man accused of throwing live alligator into Wendy's drive-thru window
Michigan Senate Passes Bill Outlawing Oral and Anal Sex
Owner dyes dogs to look like Pandas, says there's nothing inappropriate about it
Women prefer shopping at Goodwill over Sears
Ted Cruz blames Bernie Sanders as 2 men attempt exorcism on him
Florida man charged with 'throwing alligator' into fast-food restaurant
Woman Quoted by Trump Who Called Cruz a "Pussy": Trump Has "Balls the Size of Watermelons"
An Anti-Hillary Clinton Group Wants to Sponsor an IndyCar
Elderly Los Angeles Vendor Rescued After Being Trapped for 4 Days Inside Newspaper Stand
'Dead' Baby Awakes Just Before Cremation
Students Say Burlesque Show Violated Their Safe Space
See Casey Anthony at Work As She Sets Up Photography Business
Carson to skip his own New Hampshire primary party
British Prime Minister, David Cameron's mother has signed against her son's public sector cuts.
Selfies lead to unnecessary dental work to correct 'horsey' teeth
Man tosses alligator through Wendy's drive-thru window
Rubio supporter greets candidate after violently assaulting protester dressed as robot
People in robot suits are trolling Marco Rubio in New Hampshire
Marco Rubio supporters clash with the 'Rubio robots' in New Hampshire
Wisconsin police: 9-year-old caught driving intoxicated parents
Indian police 'to use slingshots' against protesters
SMITHSONIAN EMPLOYEE ARRESTED ATFER RAPING 2500-YEAR OLD EGYPTIAN MUMMY
Goat arrested for trespassing in India released on bail
France joins India in telling Facebook to just Zuck off
Gov. Wolf proposes 2016-17 budget despite impasse on current one
Man bombarded by texts from people looking for free Chipotle
Red Lobster sales jumped 30% thanks to a Beyoncé lyric about eating there after sex
Trump's Son Says Waterboarding 'No Different' Than 'What Happens in Frat Houses Every Day'
Man dies while taking part in doughnut-eating race
Woman Appears at Her Own Funeral
Judge praises sex workers' "courage and determination", returns "hard earned" cash stolen from them
Fries With That? Man Accused of Tossing Gator at Drive-Thru
Why You Should Massage Your Feet Every Night Before Bed
Florida man charged with 'throwing alligator' into fast-food restaurant - BBC News
Angry Virgins Protests Topless In Support Of The Mayor Who Introduced The Controversial 'Virginity Bursary' In SA
NJ Police 'Arrest' Puppy Monkey Baby
This Guy Got Dozens of Texts From People Demanding Free Chipotle
Lawyer receives accidental texts from people seeking Chipotle coupons
Deer pokes head in car to take carrots from enthusiastic young girl
Bernie Sanders supporters keep fainting at his rallies
Baby sloth takes private jet from Florida to Pittsburgh
Florida Man Arrested for Allegedly Throwing Live Alligator Into Wendy's Drive-Thru Window
Boca police: Spilled meatballs in Mini Cooper lead to arrest
Alaska woman claims McDonald's Happy Meal hasn't aged in six years
Utah Red Cross to Honor Veterans Home Therapy Kangaroo
Man uses alligator as weapon to rob a fast food joint.
Anime Convention Shut Down After Violating Health Department's Body Odor Policy
Grandma fights off attacker with staple guns
Goat released on bail after trespassing on judge's property in India
Eric Trump says waterboarding is 'no different' than hazing
Water-powered motorbike brainchild of Brazilian civil servant
Florida man accused of assault with deadly weapon for throwing alligator into Wendy's drive-thru
600-pound pig escapes from NH farm, tries to go vote
Ted Cruz's National Security Advisor Has Zero National Security Experience
Former Cleveland Museum of Art Curator is Now Ted Cruz's National Security Advisor
Donald Trump's Son Compares Waterboarding to College Hazing
Super PAC-Funded Jeb Bush Says There's Too Much Anonymous Money in Politics
Virginia Senate passes bill raising minimum age of marriage
Egyptian president rolls out 4 km red carpet for austerity press conference
Netflix is going to release a comedy about Hitler in April
Florida Man Arrested for Allegedly Throwing Gator Through Wendy's Drive-Thru
Anal sex not banned in Michigan, despite what you've heard
Hearing Donald Trump Refer to Ted Cruz As a 'Pussy' Told Me Everything I Need to Know About His Campaign
ANIME CONVENTION SHUT DOWN AFTER VIOLATING HEALTH DEPT.'S BODY ODOR POLICY
6-year-old Happy Meal disturbingly looks almost fresh
UAE creates ministers for happiness and tolerance
Man Shot in the Face With Flare Gun During Argument in Panera Bread
Donald Trump swears he won't call anyone a pussy once he wins the White House
Qatar 'wants to host Summer Olympics'
This, ladies and gentlemen, is a fossilized Viking Turd.
Man Arrested For Allegedly Tossing Alligator Into Wendy's Drive-Thru
Man accused of tossing gator at drive-thru
Red Lobster: Sales spike 33% after Beyoncé endorsement
WEST VIRGINIA REPUBLICANS PUSH FOR A LAW MAKING ANY CRIME COMMITTED FOR JESUS LEGAL
No time for Ash Wednesday service? Get a drive-by blessing
Texas State student who sat naked last semester covers herself in Chick-Fil-A fries this time around
Isis Academy school changes name to avoid terror link.
Amorous couple's ride on the High Roller ends with felony arrest
Donald Trump's Son Compares Waterboarding to Frat Parties
GOP Candidates Compete Over Who Will Commit Most War Crimes Once Elected
Accounting firm is called 'Boring and Associates'
DMX Reportedly Found Unconscious After Apparent Overdose |
David Cameron's mother signs anti-cuts petition
Mom shares photo of 6-year-old Happy Meal that still hasn't spoiled
Man robs photo booth, has his picture taken
UAE to Appoint 'Minister of Happiness'
Italian woman faces 6 years in prison for not cleaning or cooking for husband
This secret dining room at a Burger King in Cardiff is fit for royalty
Genius man robs photo booth and gets picture taken in the process
Orange County, CA parents plant drugs in PTA president's car over misunderstood comment about their son.
Greg Hunt named 'best minister in the world'
The Australian Minister for the Environment responsible for the first increase in emissions in a decade receives "Best Minister in the World" award
Florida man arrested for reportedly tossing gator into Wendy's
Trump softens tone on McCain, stands by waterboarding support
Portrait of Aerosmith's Steven Tyler, made of Skittles, from Super Bowl ad up for auction
Kanye West Says Bill Cosby Is Innocent
Wisconsin jury rejects beer-battered fish defense
Italian wife faces prison time for not doing chores
Forest Hill an died after vibrator became stuck in his bottom
Greg Hunt wins inaugural Best Minister in the World award at Dubai summit
MAN SHOT IN THE FACE WITH FLARE GUN IN DURHAM PANERA
Man blames beer-battered fish for OWI
Cleared 'Cannibal Cop' insists he never planned to kill and eat 100 women including his wife - and grins as he reveals he might go back to sick fetish forums and could even rejoin the NYPD
Man convicted of drunk driving blames beer-battered fish.
128 Cook County jail employees called in sick for Super Bowl
Man Threw Alligator Into Wendy's Drive-Through
16 girls gets pregnant after teenager ejaculates in pool
Oscar Winners' Thank-Yous to Run Across the Bottom of the Screen
Man charged with using alligator as dangerous weapon at Wendy's drive-thru
Jury rejects beer-battered fish defense
Chinese Taste For Fish Bladder Threatens Tiny Porpoise In Mexico
LAKEWOOD STARTS DRIVE-THROUGH HEALING SERVICE
Man charged with using alligator as dangerous weapon at Wendy's drive-thru. Joshua James threw the 3ft 6in-long reptile through the window of a Florida fast-food restaurant before leaving without paying for a soft drink.
Hecklers Tried To Perform An Exorcism On Ted Cruz In New Hampshire
Lakewood(church) Starts Drive-Through Healing Service
Man beats woman to death when she tells him she's pregnant with his child. -- They never had sex.
Selfie of identical women ignites Twitter storm
Customer throws alligator through drive-thru
600-pound pig crashes New Hampshire primary
I don't know what this is
Couple Accused of Sex Act on Vegas Strip Observation Wheel
Donald Trump wins 2016 GOP New Hampshire primary
Donald Trump's son claims waterboarding 'no different to what happens in college frat houses'
Hillary Clinton Wants Hillary Clinton Out of Politics
The FBI Created a Terrible Site to Stop Teens From Sexting With ISIS
42 percent Unemployment Rate?
Felix the Huddersfield station cat given promotion in recognition of her mouse-catching skills
Bernie Sanders and a 'communist' community in Israel
Bush: I'm 'not dead'
Anger: Anti-Beyonce Rally Planned For Next Week At NFL Headquarters
Mass brawl as shirtless man demanding cigarettes 'urinates on another plane passenger'
Jury doesn't buy beer battered fish excuse in OWI trial
Goat Arrested For Grazing In Judge's Garden
Florida man charged with throwing alligator into Wendy's
Greg Hunt wins 'best minister in the world' for efforts to reduce carbon emissions
Cable News Hosts Flub Sanders' Name: 'Bernie Sandwiches' (VIDEO)
NH Goes Racist Sexist Xenophobic
Yoga Emergency Therapy As Alternative To Urgent Care, Hospital ER
Man convicted of fatally stabbing neighbor over bird chirps
These nuns will get you high - as heaven
Michigan motorist sets gas station on fire trying to kill spider
There may be more naked people than normal in SF this Saturday
'Dead' Chinese baby awakes just before cremation
French brigadier-general to become deputy commander in British army
Couple Faces Felony Charges for Sex in Las Vegas Ferris Wheel
Man falls down shaft after kicking elevator door
New rules for human pyramids in Japanese schools
Woman falls 60ft on to bed from upper floor of John Lewis store
Man accused of posting drugs to Northern Ireland from Amsterdam claims he only sent cheese, court hears
Ben Carson primary party so quiet bartender knits blanket
Ekta Skypolis at Tripolis Goregaon (w) | Mumbai | Pre Launch
Hamster Bread...The Latest Bread Craze In Japan
Woman falls 2 floors in shop and lands on bed! She's ok
Much awkwardness on Crimewatch as presenter looks a lot like mugshot of criminal
Ekta Skypolis at Tripolis Goregaon (W)
Linkedin may be a sexual predator
Ben Carson primary party is so quiet bartender knits blanket
Man accused of sexual assault after brushing past a woman in a train station. After a year long ordeal a jury acquits him within minutes.
Man accused of sexual assault after brushing past a woman in a busy train station. After a year long ordeal a jury acquits him within minutes.
Therapy kangaroo helps veterans, to be honored
"It hurts to be rich" -Millionaire from Norway [translated from Norwegian]
Password Security Is So Bad, President Obama Weighs In
Here's Why Black People Should Think Twice Before Voting For Hillary Clinton
Det er vondt å være rik ["It hurts to be rich", translated from Norwegian]
Pregnancy Clinics Fight for Right to Deny Abortion Information
Muppet-Faced Fish Swam Alongside Dinosaurs
'Awkward moment' Crimewatch presenter Jason Mohammad looks like police mugshot of convicted robber
When They Couldn't Kill The Cockroach Infestation, They Just Burned Down The House
Sleeping seal sneezes itself awake in Hawaii
Cab Drivers In Japan Are Having A Big Problem With Ghostly Passengers
Man blames beer-battered fish in 10th OWI
Johnny Depp stars as Trump in 50-minute 'Art of the Deal' spoof
Good Day To Die Hard Yuliya Snigir Black Biker Leather Jacket
ussian Opposition Leader Reportedly Attacked By Men With Cake
Russian Opposition Leader Reportedly Attacked By Men With Cake
Aussie politicians return Rolexes gifted by Chinese businessman after discovering they're NOT fake
Stuart Robert, Tony Abbott and Ian MacFarlane gifted $250k worth of watches from Chinese businessman but thought they were fake
Pope faces Mexicans worshipping skeletal 'Death Saint
Follow Shirtless Dude On Flight To Paris Sticks His Dick Between Seats, Pees
Pissed-off passenger urinates on fellow flier
How to Tie Your Shoes. And how to lace them, while you're at it. Because you've been doing it wrong.
Man convicted of dui after eating beer-battered fish
North Korea: Kim Jong-un 'executes chief of military on corruption charges'
Shirtless man kicked off plane after' urinating on fellow passenger' and starting 'massive brawl'
Debate on tax on feminine hygiene products reaches Utah, where bill is set to be heard by committee of only men
Donald Trump on taxes: "I fight like hell to not pay"
Hoverboard responsible for destroying Tennessee home, officials say
Local man shamed for finishing last in fantasy football league
Teen on hoverboard loses balance, fatally shoots his 13-year-old cousin
Man with a self-inflicted gunshot wound shoots his way into hospital
Florida Boy Fatally Shot After Cousin Falls Off Hoverboard, Discharges Gun
Newspaper vendor trapped for 4 days inside newsstand
AIR FORCE GENERAL FAINTS DURING BUDGET TALKS
Burger King's next conquest: Hot dog king
Amazon launches free on-demand sommelier service in Japan
Donald Trump Campaigns in Iceland
Ben Carson's New Hampshire Primary Party Was So Boring the Bartender Started Knitting
Local Chicago Witches cast hex on slumlords and Rahm Emanuel
Egyptian president rolls out a 2.5-mile red carpet for austerity talk
An anti-Beyoncé protest is being held in New York
Youngsters urged to say no to sexting.
Couple arrested for alleged sex acts on High Roller
UAE names first minister of state for happiness
Protestors to Host Anti-Beyonce Rally at NFL Headquarters
Slovenian town to build 'Europe's first beer fountain'
Conservative MP moves home with his parents 'to save up for mortgage' despite £74,000 salary
Russian teacher 'kills friend in heated poetry versus prose argument'
Spiky Australian grass the key to making better condoms, say researchers
Noel Gallagher on 2016 plans: "I remain totally awesome"
Texas woman fatally shoots deaf man who knocked on her door - and leaves note on his body saying 'sorry'
Man On Plane Pisses on Fellow Passenger, Sparking Mass Brawl
Wisconsin couple, too drunk to drive, give keys to 9-year-old
Cthulhu has been officially nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize
Man gets penis ripped off by dog after attempted sexual assault. .. on the dog.
Father speaks out after teen hockey player charged in on-ice hit
Congressmen Submit Bill Banning Encryption Bans | Techdirt
Creepy pro-rape pick-up-artist who teaches men that "No! means Yes!", gets caught redhanded by journalists when he deletes two self-admissions of 2 rapes he committed
Fiorina Cheers Self Up by Firing Campaign Staff
Beaned by beads: Mardi Gras season parade throws hurt texting revelers
Creepy pro-rape pick-up-artist who teaches that "usually No! means Yes!", admits raping two girls who were repeatedly crying "No!", then later he deletes his admissions, but gets caught
Nestle ends IAAF sponsorship deal amid doping crisis
Amazon wrote a zombie apocalypse clause into its terms of service and here's why
Vermin Supreme Gets 240 Votes in New Hampshire
Turkish Airlines ads prompt demands for tickets to 'Gotham' and 'Metropolis'
Air Sex Championships to be held in Memphis
Hillary Reaches Base With AOL Login Page Ad
Wishful thinking or a Freudian slip from Bill Clinton during a Hillary introduction.
This Is What Lunchtime Looks Like In Japanese School
Vermin Supreme, a Joke Presidential Candidate, Gets 240 Votes in New Hampshire
Vermin Supreme places 4th in NH primary
Artist uses scratch and sniff posters to improve New York subway smells
Japan enforces new guidelines for human pyramids in schools
Man charged with sexual assault for walking by woman
You think Hitler is great? Think again!
Wisconsin jury rejects beer-battered fish defense in DUI case
Mom speaks about promotion of officer who killed her son
Black Lives Matter activist commits suicide on Ohio Statehouse steps
Florida Man hurls alligator through KFC drive-thru window.
A student threatens to destroy a woman's laptop boasting a Donald Trump sticker if the photo gets 7K retweets, then reportedly punches her.
Amazon Web Services' exhaustive terms of service covers zombie outbreaks
Black Lives Matter activist MarShawn McCarrel Kills Self
Sneezing produces complex fluid cascade, not a simple spray
Valentine's Day panties delivered by Uber in NYC
Vermin Supreme receives more votes than Republican Candidate Jim Gilmore in New Hampshire primary
Florida man throws alligator through Wendy's drive thru window as a "prank"
India police eye new weapon: Chili-loaded slingshots
Israeli Lawmaker: There Can't Be a Palestine Because Arabic Has No 'P'
Hannover youth players banned by club for planned robbery of casino
Mountain lion reported at Austin park was only an archery target
GOP candidate was so horrified by the movie 'Fargo' that he tried to get a local Blockbuster to take it off its shelves
Eagles May Be Able to Fight Drones but They're Also Selfish and Dumb | VICE | United States
Americans Threatening to Move to Canada If Donald Trump Becomes President
Constant Playing of University of Iowa Fight Song Leaves People Confused, Annoyed
Girl, 12, plagued with ant colony in her head
Man arrested less than one hour after his release from South Euclid jail
People who saw SUV on top of parked cars used phones to snap photos but not to call police
Amazon will waive game engine restrictions in the event of a zombie outbreak
British ISIS fighter who called himself 'Supaman' but returned to UK because Syria was too cold is jailed for seven years
Man Caught Drunk Driving Blames It on His 'Beer-Battered Fish'
Watching porn helps salve the whales
Ultra-thin condoms made of grass are 'strongest in the world' - research
Microsoft's Cortana gets sexually harassed, but she fights back
Judge orders 'hard earned' cash returned to prostitutes after theft
'Grass' Condoms: New Ultra-Thin Condoms Are 'Strongest In The World'
How Australian Grass Is Going to Make Condoms Better
The more PornHub you watch in February, the more you save the whales
Native grass could be key to super-thin condoms
Black Lives Matter activist fatally shoots himself in front of Ohio Statehouse
Kentucky could have two marriage licenses
India police eye new weapon: chilli-loaded slingshots, South Asia News & Top Stories - The Straits Times
Only In Canada: Dogsled Pulls Owner To Tim Hortons Drive-Thru
New Brunswick woman uses dogsled to get her Tim Hortons fix in snowstorm
Israeli Lawmaker Says Palestinian Nation Doesn't Exist, Because Arabic Doesn't Have 'P'
We Asked Scientists: Just How Punchable Is Martin Shkreli's Face?
Likud MK: Palestinians can't even say 'P'
India police eye new weapon: chilli-loaded slingshots
Goodwill Encourages People to 'Donate Your Ex's Stuff' This Valentine's Day
Doctor accidentally prefroms oral surgery on an infant.
16 girls get pregnant after a boy ejaculated in a swimming pool
'Revelation' to marry can lead to stalking
J.K. Rowling announces an eighth Harry Potter book.
Australian Raptors May Be Playing With Fire
B.C. woman fined after police read message: 'Was trying to txt u. Ran into a cop car. OMG'
Jeb Bush says he would kill baby Hitler if he could travel in time
Boiling water kitty abuser moved to solitary confinement after being assaulted by animal loving inmates
San Diego police: Woman unhappy with haircut tried to shoot stylist
Flying pink dildo is New Zealand nurse's way of protecting country's health allegedly threatened by TPPS
Throwing sex toys 'wrong image' for New Zealand, says PM after minister is hit by dildo
Ben Carson Is Going Home, But Just for a Change of Clothes, His Campaign Says
CIA Director Freaks Out After Senator Wyden Points Out How The CIA Spied On The Senate
Tamir Rice's family sued by city of Cleveland over unpaid ambulance bill for services needed after cops mortally wounded the 12-year-old boy
Teen on hoverboard loses balance, fatally shoots cousin in the head
Scratch and sniff subway posters try to combat stinky stations in New York City
Possum found hiding in toilet paper dispenser
Woman refused entry to Thailand after ripping pages from passport to use as loo roll when drunk
Slovenian town plans public beer fountain
Baby squirrels' foster mom has charges dropped
Father leaves 3-year-old son home alone to visit strip club
Petition to Make Obama King
Plane diverted after shirtless man urinates on passenger, brawl on board
Nestlé pulls out of IAAF sponsorship deal over public-image concerns
Mom's snooping saves girl, 9, from man's planned threesome camping trip
New Emails Show Press Literally Taking Orders From Hillary
Harry Potter Struggles With Fatherhood in New Book
Aaron Schock Offered $1 Million To Star In Gay Porn Series
Chad Johnson used to soak his sprained ankles in teammates' warm urine
Rubio blames the media
Sikh American Actor Flies Home to New York Wearing His Turban
LIVE call from Refuge -- FBI Seige Happening.
Donald Trump trolled at rally by man standing behind him with bizarre 'steak' sign
Cookie-selling 6-year-old gets political lecture from neighbor
SFPD Holds Hours-Long Mission Standoff With Suspect Who Wasn't There
ALL-MALE PANEL IN UTAH VOTES TO KEEP SALES TAX ON TAMPONS
Resident of Yolo County tests positive for Zika virus
Biohackers implant computers, earbuds and antennas in their bodies
Saudi morality police arrest a sweet shop's MASCOT for 'showing skin'
Forget What You've Read. Swabbing Your Baby With Vaginal Juices Is Pointless and Weird.
Saudi Arabia's "religious police" arrest doll mascot for breaching Sharia Law
Free-agent WR Josh Morgan charged after accidentally shooting himself
Daddy-long-legs spider wins David and Goliath battle with deadly brown snake
2,700 Without Power In Hollywood After Person Climbs Power Pole, Is Electrocuted
Air Force General Faints at Podium While Discussing Budget
Cleveland Wants Tamir Rice Estate to Pay $500 Ambulance Bill
Gorilla thriller: scientists direct short movies for apes
Rubio: I did well in 7.95 out of 8 debates
Police tried to keep identity of 'gay' jihadi secret to protect his human rights
Inmate gets extra jail time for fighting over banana (xpost from r/Singapore)
Namco Is Offering $10,000 To Anyone Who Can Actually Explain Dark Souls' Story
'Radicalise me babe' - Teen jihadi's homoerotic texts revealed as trio jailed for terror
'Radicalise me babe': Would-be jihadis' tender texts to teenager as three men jailed for helping him join IS
Briton denied entry to Thailand after ripping passport page to use as loo paper
This British Man Is Making Bank Selling $115 Jars of Fresh Air to Rich Chinese People
House prices 'force Tory MP' back into parents' home
Mutual Combat Law In Washington Lets Two People Have a Consensual Street Fight if Cops Referee
Mutual Combat Law In Washington Lets Two People Have a Consensual Streetfight if Cops Referee
Kim Jong-un Is Not Only a Dangerous Tyrant, But Also a Mac User
Tesco charges man 5p for bag even though he only bought petrol - man alerts press
Inmate gets extra jail time for fighting over banana
Eating your placenta - is it healthy or just weird?
Vermin Supreme finishes fourth in New Hampshire Democratic primaries
Pope Francis despatches 1,000 'super-confessor' priests
UNCENSORED: SHIP A BAG OF DICKS
A pair of wedding guests sparked a brawl in McDonalds by walking in wearing full Highland dress and playing the bagpipes
Saskatchewan not named after sasquatches, residents insist
Cleveland bills Tamir Rice's family for ambulance ride after cop shot him
Interview with the man behind Ship a Bag of D#@ks
Even female puppets have to wear veils in Saudi Arabia
Man charged after fight over board game
Israeli deputy claims there is no Palestine as there is no 'P' in Arabic
Teen Loses Balance On Hoverboard, Shoots Cousin Dead
Netanyahu Ally Says Palestinian Statehood Doesn't Exist As Arabs Have No Letter 'P'
Even female puppets need to wear veils in Saudi Arabia
Israeli lawmaker: No Palestine since Arabic lacks letter 'P'
Doll mascot arrested in Saudi Arabia for 'not wearing Islamic dress'
Hackers take control of a TOILET using bog-standard computer skills
D.C. man orders TV from Amazon, gets assault rifle instead
Amazon Contract Has Zombie Apocalypse Clause
Teen on hoverboard holding gun loses balance, accidentally kills cousin.
Peter Capaldi's Doctor Who Pose Game Is Mighty Strong
A severed human foot, wearing sock and shoe, washed ashore on Vancouver Island - which isn't that unusual
'You have ugly feet!' Savannah Guthrie puts her foot in it and offends Penelope Cruz during Today show interview
Father found out his daughter was murdered on TV after police forgot to tell him
Vermin Supreme places 4th in NH primary, Behind Socialism Supreme and Cunt Supreme
Interviewer asks Penelope Cruz about her "ugly feet"
The Adult Diaper Market Is About to Take Off
Severed feet - still inside shoes - keep mysteriously washing up on Pacific Northwest shores
40-Years-Old Mother Set To Marry Own Son In Zimbabwe
This company is bottling air in Canada and selling it to China
Israel returns 134 goats to south Lebanon in 'bad condition'
Bomb squad clears courthouse scene after finding burritos, ramen
Severed feet still in shoes washing up on Pacific Northwest shores
Egypt's presidential motorcade drove on a two-mile red carpet en route to open homes for the poor
Teen on hoverboard with gun loses balance, accidentally kills cousin
Cleveland Files $500 Claim Against Tamir Rice's Family For "Last Dying Expense"
Woman's body found in Walmart parking lot three months after she died.
Bullet that hit Omaha man's TV ends his channel surfing
Amazon updates its terms of service to cover the zombie apocalypse
BC hiker stumbles across running shoe containing human foot.
US 'make rape legal' group plans worldwide anti-woman event in 43 countries
Woman's body found in Walmart parking lot had reportedly been there 3 months
Dad of two convinced he's pregnant after gay sex
Christian Anti-Masturbation Mascot Sentenced To 8 Years In Prison For Public Masturbation
Broken Arrow man allegedly spits at deputy, threatens 'I'm a trained MMA fighter'
Mobsters Are Getting Whacked Off All Over the Place in Toronto
Plumber Strips Naked in Front of Customer
White police officer alleges racial bias after being fired for shooting black man
Tanzania seeks to outlaw mini-skirts to stop spread of HIV/AIDs
College Student Googles Herself, Discovers Photos of Her Webbed Toes on a Foot-Fetish Site. (Is outraged she only gets a 2.5/5 rating)
Drunken lap dancer stripped in restaurant
Woman refused entry to Thailand after using passport as loo roll
Kardashian BFF Jonathan Cheban is opening a school for wealthy kids to learn about caviar, private jets
Saudi religious police arrests female mascot
Meryl Streep responds to diversity questions: 'We're all Africans, really'
Meryl Streep on diversity: "We're all Africans really"
Birds of prey are starting fires DELIBERATELY: Kites and falcons are 'intentionally dropping smouldering twigs' to smoke out mice and insects in Australia
Paul McCartney Creates Emoji Tunes For Skype
Sources: Jim Webb May Announce Presidential Candidacy Again
Reddit helps men find out his wife is pregnant
Ontario man missing 30 years suddenly remembers own identity
Finally able to hear, boy goes to pittbull concert first
Amazon writes zombie apocalypse exemption clause into terms of service for Lumberyard software
Man Blames His 10th Drunken Driving Arrest on Beer-Battered Fish
LeBron Commemorates Kobe's Career By Rifling Pass At D'Angelo Russell's Groin
Boy shoots and kills 13 yo old after losing balance on hover board
Animal welfare groups call on school to cancel 'donkey basketball' event
Boston Program Allows Smokers to Vote With Their Butts
Cleveland wants Tamir Rice estate to pay $500 for his ambulance ride as a "last dying expense"
Lawmaker Vapes in Congress to Defend Your Right to Vape on Planes
Squirrel Creek Lodge home to wildlife rescue as well as swingers club
The Six Million Dollar Man Is Going to Be Playing Ash's Dad in Ash vs Evil Dead
Whole Foods May Put Tattoo Parlors Inside New Millennial-Focused Stores
Cleveland to Tamir Rice estate: Kindly pay $500 ambulance bill
Man With Gun Photobombs Reporter During Live Broadcast
Weird Fitbit data helps one man discover his wife is pregnant
UK woman refused entry to Thailand after ripping out passport pages to use for toilet paper
ISIS militants shave beards, dress as women to escape Ramadi
Kiwi couple celebrates matrimony by taking wedding photo in front of KFC
In defense of north Korea
Google boss claims he does not know his salary in Commons grilling
Lunch lady gets prison time for raping teen boy
British Tourist Refused Entry To Thailand After Using Passport As Toilet Paper
Gov. Paul LePage names himself state education commissioner
Former City Council hopeful charged with battery
Family Guy predicts the future again: James Woods to sue anonymous Twitter user for "defamation"
Parents Take Helicoptering To Insane Levels, Plant Drugs On PTA President
Lawmaker vapes during Capitol Hill hearing
Texas man arrested for allegedly having sex on Las Vegas Ferris Wheel
'Family Guy' predicts the future again: James Woods to sue anonymous Twitter user for "defamation of character"
Smithsonian employee arrested after raping 2500 year old Egyptian Mummy
Heidi Cruz Says Ted Will 'Show This Country The Face Of The God That We Serve'
[Not Duffleblog] Air Force General faints during F-35 budget briefing at Pentagon
Hillary Clinton's Congressional Black Caucus PAC Endorsement Approved By Board Awash in Lobbyists
Jeremy Hunt launches urgent inquiry into junior doctors' morale
Why we might need to kill Australia's koalas
Police Find Satanic Ritual Dungeon in Chuck E. Cheese Basement
Hacker calls FBI's I.T. department, gains access to network
Goat Arrested In Chhattisgarh, India, For Trespassing
UAE names female cabinet member as minister of happiness to make Dubai happiest in the world
Cleveland files claim against Tamir Rice's family over unpaid ambulance bill
Video: Muslim NHL player threatens to slit the throat of opposing player
Hillary Clinton paid female staff 72 cents for each dollar paid to men when she was a Senator
Team Rubio has a plan: lose primaries, win nomination
Martinez Man Rear-Ends Van While Masturbating
Wealth Therapists Help The 1% With Their Money Guilt
Meryl Streep's response to a question about an all-white panel: 'We're all Africans, really'
Coach Says Cam's Cleats Lost Super Bowl
Old payphones becoming "masturbation stations" in NYC
Tory MP on £74k moves back in with mum because he 'can't afford' to buy a house
Bishops do not have to report child abuse, Vatican says
MP On £74K A Year Says He Can't Afford House
Shoppers 'fail to spot cheapest deals'
Rubio cracks tooth on candy bar
Man believes he's an elf, attacks BMW with sword.
Video shows 8-year-old with gun try to rob store
Sex Robots Are Coming to Steal Your Girl
A U.S. Congressman Just Vaped While Legislating
PEOPLE WHO RECORD CONCERTS ON CELL PHONES ARE ACTUALLY GREAT
Oh My God, a U.S. Congressman Just Vaped While Legislating
Police Find Satanic Ritual Dungeon In Chicago Chuck E. Cheese Basement
New Whole Foods stores may feature tattoo parlors
Gay Afghan asylum seeker was housed with former Taliban supporter
"Yes I Vape," Congressman Boldly Proclaims
U.S. Congressman Just Vaped While Legislating
Hoping To Help Free Sons, Cliven Bundy Joins Them In Jail
Martin Shkreli offers Kanye West $10M for new album
Google's Europe boss doesn't know what he is paid
Baby punches himself in Wichita couple's ultrasound video
Meryl Streep Defends All-White Jury: "We're all Africans, really"
James Woods Gets Judge's Nod to Pursue Man Who Tweeted He Was a "Cocaine Addict"
Florida Man Shoots Puppies, Puppy Shoots Back
Woman cuts off, goes to cops with brother-in-law's genitals
TXST Student Dumps Chik-Fil-A And Ketchup On Herself, Encourages Students To Eat
Eunuchs castrated man, threw him on the road
Carly Fiorina is already onto her new job as a paid speaker.
Marijuana mural in southeast Portland causes controversy
A Town Is Building a Public Beer Fountain to Attract Tourists
Time Inc. now owns MySpace, more or less by accident
John Kasich Says 'Negative' Tone of Jeb Bush's Campaign Could Hurt Family Name
Kardashian BFF Jonathan Cheban Plans To Open A School For Wealthy Kids
Pay $10 Million, Get Dying Light and a Role in a Movie That Might Not Exist
Utah: Man Is Struck by Lightning While Masturbating to Bible
Madhya Pradesh woman walks into police station with attacker's genitals
In other business news, Carly Fiorina is 'now available for speaking engagements'.
Musician composes music to soothe cats
Oregon standoff comes to an end after last stand who demanded marijuana and pizza before handing himself in
Obama at $33K-a-head DNC fundraiser: 'People are deeply concerned about inequality'
Arrest warrant for man 'banned from every pub' who urinated on police van Read more: http://www.hulldailymail.co.uk/Arrest-warrant-man-8216-banned-pub-8217-urinated/story-28694152-detail/story.html#ixzz3zuRGQWqF Follow us: @hulldailymail on Twitter | HullDailyMail on Facebook
Arrest warrant for man 'banned from every pub' who urinated on police van
Man suddenly remembers who he is, solves his own cold case.
Kanye West just announced a video game about his mother going to heaven
'Clean and sober' operator arrested for drug trafficking
College Pizza investigation: Health director releases details that include sex toys, drugs, pantless sandwich-making
Americans Recognize 'Past Presidents' Who Never Were, Study Finds
Kanye West reveals new game about his mother ascending to heaven
All-male Utah panel votes to keep sales tax on tampons
Man missing for 30 years realizes who he is
Look At This Coloring Book For Sex Positions
Police campaign to rat out cheap pizza comes up dry
Donald Trump Criticizes Pope Francis For Mexico Border Visit
Rubio Says He Chipped A Tooth On A Frozen Twix
Pope to wave at El Pasoans across border
President Obama Is Tired of Taking Selfies
A Porn Star Snuck Into Ted Cruz's "Conservatives Anonymous" Ad
Marco Rubio chips tooth eating a Twix bar
Fed-up woman 'squirts her colleagues with breast milk' during meeting
Online legal publishers squabble over the right to copyright the law
British tourist is refused entry to Thailand after using passport as toilet paper
Woman sprays BREAST MILK over her colleagues when they ignore her request
Tinashe's 'Watch Me Work' Is Charting on Billboard Because People Think It's Rihanna's New Single
Cruz campaign pulls ad featuring softcore porn actress
Lebanese farmers demand Israel return abducted goats
Japanese lawmaker who sparked national debate on paternity leave quits amid revelations that he cheated whilst his wife was pregnant
Cotton candy machines may hold key for making artificial organs
Brighton school children asked to choose from list of 23 terms to describe their gender
Only in the Bay: $15 cup of Joe
Jeb Hopes to Woo Voters with Ad Featuring Worst President in U.S. History
Man solves his own disappearance mystery after 30 years
Bush boasts about not attacking Kasich, attacks Kasich
Local Congressman Duncan Hunter vapes during Transportation Committee hearing
Police: Man urinates in Walmart as he puts trout in pants
Japanese tourist murdered (strangled) at Trinidad Carnival. Mayor responds to discovery of body by blaming victim, stating that "the woman has the responsibility to ensure that they are not abused".
School apologizes for showing black history month video that made white students feel bad
Dick Cheney has yet to apologize to the man he shot in the face
Carnival Death: Tim Kee says women must protect themselves from abuse
Smiths Falls marijuana plant strikes deal with Snoop Dogg
Kanye West's Taylor Swift Sex Lyric Reportedly Approved by Her in Advance
GIRL COVERS HERSELF IN CHICK-FIL-A TO BRING AWARENESS TO THE NEGATIVE EFFECTS OF HOOK-UP CULTURE
Cruz takes down ad featuring soft-core porn actress
Ted Cruz's Latest Ad Featured A Porn Star
Man blinded by cup of urine gets $3.6 million
Indonesia is banning gay emoji to protect the nation's children
France to carefully install thousands of beautiful carefully crafted solar panels, then drive over them with big rigs under the wise leadership of their minister of ecology and energy.
Angry estate agent sues Lidl for opening later than usual 'causing his mince meat to go off in the heat'
Ontario man missing for almost 30 years suddenly remembers who he is
Ted Cruz's campaign pulls ad after discovering it stars a softcore porn actress
Owner of Washington 'Clean and Sober' Housing Charged With Federal Drug Crimes
Cruz Campaign Removes Ad Featuring Softcore Porn Star
comments Ted Cruz pulls ad featuring soft-core porn star
Texas boy crushed to death by BBQ pit shaped like a gun
Ted Cruz campaign pulls ad because of actress' porn history
Drinking These Piss Cocktails Are Supposedly Good For Your Health
Rubio confirms Lindsey Graham is not gay while campaigning in New Hampshire
Rosie O'Donnell apologizes for 'low-blow' autism joke
Donald Trump autographs crowdsurfing baby at campaign rally
vy metal rocker's vest stolen in Oregon City, ends up in Macy's display in New York
Australia Cuts 110 Climate Scientist Jobs Because the science is settled there is no need for more basic research, the government says
Heavy metal rocker's vest stolen in Oregon City, ends up in Macy's display in New York
First Japanese MP to take paternity leave resigns over affair
Dosti The Majesta |Price | Possession | Rates |
Spanish civil servant's six-year absence from work not noticed
Bernie Sanders won 2,095 votes in the New Hampshire Republican primary
Sex and the City star Kristin Davis 'ambushed' in painful Sunrise skit
Police: Man faints after breaking into home
Minnesota bar owners face felony charges after selling popular WI beer
Halcyon: NBCUniversal commissions virtual reality series about virtual reality-obsessed future
Blind Guitarist who performs in my city had his equipment stolen. What is wrong with some people?
Strangers Across The UK Are Going On Finger-Banging Blind Dates
Kerala HSE Result 2016 or Kerala Board 12th Results
CPD: Man urinates in Wal-Mart as he puts trout in pants
Australian Spider Wins Out Over Deadly Snake
Wedding guests spark brawl in McDonalds after piping themselves into restaurant wearing full Highland dress
Dog sent TV license bill
Indonesia is asking Facebook and Whatsapp to block Gay Emojis
Couple faces possible jail time after silly string fight at Wal-Mart.
UAE Names Minister Of Happiness
Ted Cruz kills campaign ad featuring former softcore porn star.
Oklahoma Judge Dismisses Sexual Molestation Charges Against Ex-Cop; Jails Victim's Father for Year for Yelling Obscenities in Courtroom
British woman refused entry to Thailand after ripping pages from passport to use as toilet paper
Russian Orthodox Church allowed to return debt in prayers
Cruz kills campaign ad featuring former softcore porn star
Find out what Prince George was called in Preschool - they called him George
WADHWA COURTYARD | RTAES | LOCATION | CALL ON : 8879274973
Woman Dead in Walmart Parking Lot For Months
The Bearded Lady and The Lobster Boy overcome their oddities to find love together
Indonesia bans 'gay' emojis on messaging apps
Conservative porn? Ted Cruz's campaign ad accidentally features adult movie star
Human foot found at Vancouver Island
Trump on foul language: 'I'll never do it again'
How a man solved the 30-year-old mystery of his own disappearance
Kentucky truck driver runs vehicles off road, mad about having to work
N.J. troopers union blasts Beyonce's Super Bowl halftime show as 'anti-police'
Thursday's massive gravitational wave news was broken by a sheet cake (really)
No Joke: Trump Can Win Plenty of Latinos . A new poll of Latino GOPers puts Trump ahead. Way ahead
Trump autographs baby after Baton Rouge rally
UAE announces new Minister of Happiness
Martin O'Malley's Band to Perform in Baltimore Next Month
Samsung warns users to watch what they say in front of Smart TVs
Samsung's warning: Our Smart TVs record your living room chatter
Ted Cruz Pulls Rubio Attack Ad Featuring Ex-Softcore Porn Actress Amy Lindsay
Man urinates in store while stuffing trout in pants
Pro-vaping congressman blows fat clouds during congressional hearing to protest e-cig ban
Ted Cruz's Campaign Pulls Down Television Ad Starring a Porn Actress
Cruz team pulls ad with porn actress
Say What? Agricultural Leader Blames Animals for Dying in Barn Fires
I Drilled a Hole in My Own Skull to Stay High Forever
Drunk monkey threatens bar goers in Brazil with a fishknife
I wasn't sure where to post this, but at my local high school, a student on the swim team was sexually assaulted and hazed. Two of the men responsible are being allowed by the district to attend the state meet. I am standing against this and have started a petition. I only have 4 supporters!
Man Missing 30 Years Solves His Own Disappearance
Softcore porn actress appears in yanked Cruz ad
Service dog gets excited after meeting Pluto
When a Russian Orthodox diocese couldn't pay back its debt, it settled in court to 'pray it back'.
Berlin police seize man who refuses to give up Döner
Abigail Breslin Leather Jacket
Police: Man urinated in Clarksville Walmart while stuffing trout in pants
Whole Foods may build tattoo shops in stores to hook millennials
Ted Cruz removes campaign ad featuring erotic film actress
Ted Cruz's campaign pulls ad featuring softcore porn actress
Millennial-focused Whole Foods 365 shops could include tattoo parlors
Town of Medfield computer system locked for ransom
campaign ad featuring erotic film actress
No 'P' in Arabic Means No Palestine, Israeli Lawmaker Says
Three arrested after robbing Boston store wearing court-ordered GPS
Central Park's Ice Festival Canceled Due to Extreme Cold
Snoop Dogg Teaches Burger King Employees How To Cook A Hot Dog
The 19 Hottest Weather Girls on Earth
Hillary Clinton Buys AOL Login Screen Adspace to Reach Young Voters
Without "P" in Arabic, Palestine cannot exist - Israeli minister
Officials in New York City say it's too cold for the annual Ice Festival in Central Park
Victoria driver crashes into police car while texting
16 Girls Got Pregnant After A 15-Yr Boy Ejaculated In A Swimming Pool At A Party
Parents see Waffle House robber on local news, turn in their son
MP woman chops off rapist's genital, takes severed organ to police as evidence
NYC officials decide it's too cold for ice fest
Thousands of Iraqi refugees leave Finland voluntarily
Mice watching movies on iPods prefer action to mouse erotica
Missing woman's body had been in car at Wal-Mart since December
Joe Exotic for President! 2016
Past pleasures make it hard to say no
ATTENTION! A lot of sexual adventures your city here!
Man missing for 30 years suddenly remembers who he really is
No longer have to go "straight outta Compton" to see "Straight Outta Compton"
Jury: Man Killed Wife's Twin When Wife Was Due to Give Birth
Ted Cruz campaign pulls ad after learning actress did porn
16 Girls found pregnant after teenager ejaculates in the pool.
Rooster with frostbite found in Dayton
How does an Islamic astronaut face Mecca in orbit?
Lawmaker files bill to restrict the distribution of erectile dysfunction drugs
Microsoft matches human faces to dogs with What-Dog.net
Poll: Some borrowers would cut off pinkies, take punch to dump student loans
Iran rules "decadent" Valentine's Day celebrations a crime
New York City Officials Decide It's Too Cold For Ice Festival
What would happen to you if gravity stopped working?
University Of Texas Police Give Preacher Citation For Offending Students
Police try to identify deceased man from boxers
Cuddle Clones Are Plush Replicas of Your Favorite Pets
Suspicious box in Seaside stored half-eaten sandwich.
Donald Trump autographs crowd-surfing baby with faux hawk, bedazzled pacifier
Burger King drive-thru robbery foiled when workers walk away from window
Woman mistakes scared kiwi for burglar
Texas State Girl On Campus Naked, Covered In Chick Fil A
I really don't think... never mind.
Katy Perry Stylish Black Leather Jacket
Clinton adjusts pitch: I can be a Sanders, just better
Marco Rubio cracks molar biting into frozen Twix bar while aboard flight to D.C.
Indonesia Bans 'Gay' Emojis
University Police Officer: "It's Illegal to Offend Someone"
Whole Foods Debates Adding In-Store Tattoo Parlors to Its New Chain
Want Viagra? Not without a note from the wife
Is your Neanderthal DNA making you depressed?
Man solves own missing persons case by remembering his name
Study: Whites who disparage minorities seen as less racist if they mention minority friends
Spanish civil servant took six years off - no one noticed
Ants have been trying to kill each other for 99 million years
Kentucky women are asking the governor about their vaginas. (X-post from r/Kentucky)
Flying manhole cover kills driver in Boston
The 16 best ways to sabotage your organization's productivity, from a CIA manual published in 1944
Cops find crocodile when they smell pot
Drunk monkey attacks people with a Knife in Brazil.
Civil servant who did no work for six years found out by officials preparing to reward him for 'long service'
OIJ Publishes Photo Of Deceased Man's Boxer In Attempt To Identify Him
Texas boy, 4, killed by barbecue pit shaped like giant gun
Grover Norquist: Election Will 'Be Determined By The Vaping Community'
See how 16 Girls Got Pregnant After A Boy Ejaculated In A Swimming Pool
Spanish worker skipped job he hated for 6 years, and no one noticed
Spanish civil servant skips work for years without anyone noticing
/r/there are many beautiful girls
Lugner inspired by Trump to run for president
Runaway van hits plane full of passengers at Logan gate
Samsung says users should not discuss personal information in front of Smart TVs
New ebola death hours after epidemic declared over
BBQ Pit Shaped Like Gun Fatally Crushes 4-Year-Old Texas Boy: Police
Russian, U.S. military leaders in Twitter spat over Aleppo claim
The Pipeline film - Teaser Trailer
64-bit iPhones and iPads get stuck in a loop when set to January 1, 1970
Couple arrested for having sex on Las Vegas Ferris wheel | New York Post
Sea lion shows off habitat using selfie stick
Teen tries to steal Air Jordans, loses arm in Craigslist robbery gone wrong
Teen tries to steal Jordan's; loses arm in Craigslist robbery gone wrong.
Tes Cruz yanks ad featuring pornstar
Ted Cruz no longer approves of ad featuring former porn star
Tes Cruz campaign pulls ad because it includes a pornstar
Proposed Kentucky bill would require spouse to sign off before husband gets Viagra
Ultrasound shows baby punching himself in the face
Man solves 30-year-old mystery of his own disappearance
We Asked People Why They Got Tattoos of Donald Trump
Get a Free Tattoo of Donald Trump's Face (Call it the "Trump stamp.")
Get a Free Tattoo of Donald Trump's Face
Feminist actress Gaby Hoffman explains why she's voting for Bernie - despite his 'lovely' penis
Debate Rages Over Praying for Atheist Richard Dawkins After Stroke
Too Cold To Lay The Ice At TCF Bank Stadium Friday
DNC Chair: Superdelegates Exist to Protect Party Leaders from Grassroots Competition
At 81, Florence Henderson has multiple 'friends with benefits'
Brady Bunch's Florence Henderson reveals she has multiple 'friends with benefits' ahead of her 82nd birthday
Missing Man Solves Own Disappearance After Remembering His Name
Pakistan district bans Valentine's Day celebrations
Hillary Campaign Can't Compete Against 'Bernie Sanders Dank Meme Stash'
Mandurah man allegedly drove past speed camera at 157km/h before returning to run it over
NCSU student loses bet, spends 30 hours in a Waffle House
Cleveland Teen was kicked out of his rec soccer league for the best reasons
Man Missing for 30 Years Suddenly Remembers His Identity and Solves His Own Cold Case: 'He Developed A New Identity,' Police Say
Update: Parents see Waffle House robber on local news, turn in their son
Cleveland teen tweets detailed email explaining ban from co-ed soccer league
Thailand: British tourist refused entry for using passport as toilet paper
No Obligation to Report Child Abuse, Vatican Tells Bishops
Rapper Kanye West Invites Hulk Hogan & Ric Flair To His Launch Party, Gets David Otunga Instead
Mistake at hospital leads to baby receiving surgery meant for another child
Members Of Iranian Band Reportedly Facing Execution For Playing Heavy Metal
Manitowoc teens found with marijuana, crocodile
An Oregon's metalhead's prized garment went missing and ended up in an NYC Macy's display. Now he's fighting to get it back
Saudi Arabia's Sharia police arrest DOLL mascot for 'not wearing Islamic dress'
Judge: Keep pants on at Taco Bell, Burger King
Elementary school teacher killed by flying manhole cover
Titanic II to set sail in 2018
If You Are The One: Man who woke from coma speaking Mandarin appears on Chinese dating show
If You Are The One: Melbourne man who woke from coma speaking Mandarin appears on Chinese dating show
A Neurologist Has Tried to Pinpoint What Bugs Him About Ted Cruz's Face
Why Ted Cruz's Facial Expression Makes Me Uneasy
Long Island Teacher Removed From Class After Taking Distraught Student for Hot Cocoa
Nuns break the law by growing and selling marijuana illegally
Nigerian version of Matt Damon needs $3m to return from a Mars mission
Ted Cruz's 'Conservatives Anonymous' ad stars a softcore porn actress! Cruzitude (haiku duolgy} "Ted Cruz dumps porn star - forgets that Jesus forgave - Mary Magdalene"; "Political ads - that attack people are an - ersatz form of porn"
'Worst day ever': Mother-of-six complains to Woolworths because they refused to exchange her COLES brand milk
Chicco Lil Piano Splash Walker reviews
Spanish civil servant off work unnoticed for six years
Seattle aquarium cancels octopus 'blind date' over cannibalism concerns
Attention: the public octopus sex act has been cancelled
Woman cuts off brother-in-law's penis and takes it to police station claiming he raped her
Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton Disagree On Whether They Disagree On Social Security
Woman dies in surgery after spelling error delays blood supply
Don't set your iPhone back to 1970, no matter what
Military blames mechanical failure for runaway blimp
Spanish Civil Servant Takes 6 Years off Work - No one Notices Until He's due for an Award
Old Tory proposes saving money by not investigating historic sexual abuse
Jewish man arrested 'after posting swastikas on doors
The hijab-wearing Barbie who's become an Instagram star
Because Democracy! How Bernie beat Hillary but lost New Hampshire
Major porn site raising money for Washington nonprofit to save whales
4 Steps To Make Your Posts Go Viral on Social media
Spanish civil servant skips work unnoticed for 6 years
Bill Murray admits throwing fans' mobile phones off roof
Trump threatens to sue Cruz for 'not being a natural born citizen'
Tory peer Lord Lawson says police should stop funding historical sex abuse investigations to save money
Bill would make men confirm marriage for ED medication
150,000 penguins die after giant iceberg renders colony landlocked
ASSETTO CORSA XBOX ONE
Topless woman sings in a tree in Huntington Beach
U.S. Allies Now Fighting CIA-Backed Rebels
Jamaica fights Zika with reggae
New Jersey: Gay Couple Discovers They Are in Fact Long Lost Twins
Long lunch: Spanish civil servant skips work for years without anyone noticing
City officials ask for lawsuit to be dismissed, call 2012 flood an 'act of God'
Jim Gilmore, Who Was Campaigning For President, Isn't Anymore
Dad told to 'sit and watch' tumble dryer in case it explodes
I fought off a burglar with a sword
Hospital worker saves man who didn't even know he was on fire
Logan Park 'witches' put hex on area to stop gentrification
Sexy girls for hot sex here 5q_PaA9__7dS
Lake Conway duck hunt ruffles residents' feathers
Toronto man arrested, accused of selling iPhone box filled with rice
Woman, 22, found dead in her car in a Walmart parking lot may have been lying there for MONTHS
Gay couple discovers that they are long lost twins
Stockton cannabis grower is spared jail - because he was so bad at it
Shockingly, Syfy Has Ordered a Pilot of a Show Not Based on Anything
Man calmly poos at bus stop in front of bystanders
Bronze age burial near Stonehenge discovered by badger.
Heartbroken dog finds favorite ball frozen in kiddy pool
Australia's first ever bar that serves only water has opened and we tried the menu
Gagging amid slurping in oyster eating contest
Sears losing market share to Goodwill in women's clothing
NC State student loses bet, spends 30 straight hours in Waffle House
Whole Foods Considers Tattoo Parlors To Attract Millenial Shoppers
The Bearded Lady And Lobster Boy: A Valentine's Day Love Story
Belichick, Brady garner votes in N.H. primary
Belickick, Brady Garner Votes in New Hampshire Primaries
Indonesian Official: Gay Emojis Could Cause Civil Unrest
FBI launches online game to teach children about dangers of becoming a terrorist
XHamster "cumming" out with new beer
Wife Battered Husband After She Found Dildo Among His Belongings, Cops Charge
Watch PornHub and...Save the Whales?
Goat In India Arrested For Trespassing, Out On Bail #GoatsLivesMatter
Oklahoma man admits to killing stepdad with atomic wedgie
2 Golden Gate Bridge pedestrians hit by blow darts
Police: Tennessee man urinates in Wal-Mart, puts trout down pants
Porn Actress From Pulled Ted Cruz Ad Is A Conservative Republican, Still Might Vote For Cruz
NAACP requires photo ID to attend anti voter ID protest march
Amy Adams American Hustle Jacket
Sea Lion Takes Underwater Selfie At Long Beach Aquarium
Would you bet against sex robots? AI 'could leave half of world unemployed'
Supervisors Discover Man's 6-Year Absence From Work After Trying to Give Him an Award
Feds Spent $3.5 Million on Anti-Obesity Hip-Hop Songs
Denver Broncos defender admits trying to 'rub' privates on Tom Brady's face
Scotus Justice Scalia - found dead
It's timе tо tаkе а рassionate sex
You Can Buy a Copy of Marx's 'Capital' Signed by Carly Fiorina on eBay To Benefit Bernie Sanders
[VIDEO] Free To Good Home - One Sh@#$y Roomba
2 People Walking Across Golden Gate Bridge Hit by Blow Darts
The coming problem of our iPhones being more intelligent than us
Cuba returns to the US 'wrongly shipped' Hellfire missile
Help save the whales by watching porn
Michigan is trying to make blowjobs and butt sex illegal, and punishable with 15 years in prison.
Pedestrians hit by blow darts on Golden Gate Bridge
Man charged with fraud for selling iPhone boxes filled with rice
Ky lawmaker files bill requiring men to meet with doctor before getting erectile dysfunction drugs
DMX Dies, Performs Concert Three Days Later.
Recaptured jail inmate says he never intended to harm anyone
Japan Says It Wasn't Excluding Canada From TPP Side Talks With The U.S. "We thought that the U.S. represented Canada and Mexico."
DMX Dies, Performs Concert Four Days Later.
Michele Bachmann mourns 'Anthony' Scalia
The actual Onion has some real news..
U.S. missile inadvertently shipped to Cuba has been returned
Man kicked out of all-you-can-eat buffet after eating more than 50 lbs of food, sues for $2-million
Martin Shkreli Raises His "The Life Of Pablo" Offer To $15 Million
Kids, forget console gaming-play the FBI's browser-based game instead
Brazil deploys 220,000 troops to battle Zika mosquitoes
Florida Man Dies in Meth Lab Explosion After Lighting Farts on Fire
Abe Lincoln lookalike enjoys coincidences
Ben Carson Peddles Stalin Quote That Snopes.com Rated False.
Congressman Vapes During Debate To Protest E-Cigarette Flight Ban
Oregon Will Pay Reparations To Individuals Formerly Convicted Of Marijuana Related Crimes
He didn't report to work for six years, and no one noticed until he won an award
Believe It Or Not: Doctors Find Ant Colony Living Inside A 12-Year-Old Girl's Head
Pornhub launches campaign to save the sperm whale
Peyton Manning Newest Target of Fake Internet Outrage Brigade
Animal Rights Protest Scrapped After "Greased Pig" Dust-Up
Police: Suspect in 4 Heists Needed Money for Kitty Litter
Whale Bones Found in Luggage at DC-Area Airport
Truck Crashes Into Psychic's Home Business in Anaheim
Marco Rubio Says Ted Cruz Can't Speak Spanish, Cruz Responds In Spanish
Microsoft's wacky AI app matches you with a dog breed
Man Produces Gravity-Defying Tsunami Of Urine While Being Arrested
Priests on standby as Bajrang Dal readies to wed V-day couples - "We do not promote obscene Western culture"
Geithner Gets JPMorgan Credit Line to Invest With Warburg Pincus
Martin Shkreli scammed out of $15,000,000 for Kanye's new album by 'Daquan'
Man Kicked Out Golden Corral After Eating More Than 50LBS Of Food; Sues For $2-Million
United Nations warns UK Government to 'stop tasering children'
Colony of ants found living in 12-year-old girl's ear
Feeling lonely? Some Minnesotans turn to snuggling with strangers.
Catholic and Russian Orthodox leaders end 1000-year standoff
Two people walking across Golden Gate Bridge hit by blow darts
Operator of Everett rehab homes arrested for drug sales
Red Lobster Thanks Beyoncé for the "Remarkable Week"
9-year-old at the wheel because couple was too drunk, police say
India's TRAI finally decides against Facebook's Free Basics
Whole Foods floats tattoo parlor idea for its new 365 stores
How this woman ended up as the only passenger on a commercial 10-hour flight
Racy night with handcuffs lands Arkansas man in handcuffs, again
Nude Activist Organizing 'Valentine's Nude Love Parade' In San Francisco
Indonesia bans gay emoji, saying it could 'cause public unrest'
150,000 Antarctica penguins die after iceberg traps them
Do you want opening a business? Do your need Capital fund for your business? Do you have 6 month old business & minimum $5-$10k monthly revenue? Our bank will provide to you loan within 24 hour. Very easy process. Don't have any application fee. Totally free. Apply here -
New Mexico man attacked mom with Bible after prayer, police say
NYPD cop who retired with knee injury, $66G pension regularly runs triathlons
Japan says it wasn't excluding Canada, Mexico during TPP side talks - "We thought that the U.S. represented Canada and Mexico"
Akron man accused of stuffing shrimp down pants during armed robbery at Acme store
Saudi religious cops trained to fight magic
Bread And Water: New Restaurant Opens In Old Middletown Jail
Woman deported for using her passport to wipe her private part
'Is Jeb Bush related to George W. Bush?' and other things people didn't know on day of Iowa caucuses
After the Oregon standoff, a new occupation begins -- this time it's the birds
New Microsoft Garage app uses artificial intelligence to identify dog breeds
The pigeon will see you now
Cuba Returns to the US 'wrongly shipped' Hellfire Misile
Thousands of refugees are fleeing Finland - some of them think it's just too cold
Target Sorry for Phallic Star Wars Toys
Nuns Run Booming Marijuana Business Making $400,000 A Year
Arizona Sheriff Uses A Tank And Steven Seagal To Arrest Cockfighting Suspect
Spanish civil servant skips work for six years, collects salary
Bill Clinton downplays Obama: 'We're all mixed-race people'
Comrade Carson: GOP candidate pulled Stalin 'quote' from right-wing Facebook meme
Somerville Deer-Baiting Incident Lands Murderer Back in Prison
Feral parakeets taking over London
Serial Goat Rapist on the Loose in Florida
If you've been in the California school system since Jan. 2008, your name, social security number, home address, course info, behavior and discipline info, progress reports, mental health and medical information, and more will be released to a non-profit unless you opt out by mail by April 1st.
Texas boy, 4, killed when barbecue pit shaped like gun falls on him
Cold prevents crew from laying ice for NHL Stadium Series
Derp Not Allowed To Enter Thailand After Using Passport To Wipe
Man Pulled head first into wood chipper in Leaburg expected to survive.
Oops PETA protests pig abuse that turns out to be a man in a pig costume.
Civil servant didn't turn up for work for six years... but nobody noticed until they went to present him a long-service award
Ted Cruz shouts at Marco Rubio in Spanish during debate
Samsung Warns Customers To Think Twice About What They Say Near Smart TVs
Oregon man pulled head-first into wood chipper, survives.
MP Jo Haylen wants to ban sniffer dogs because they target Drug Users.
Martin Shkreli Allegedly Scammed Of $15 Million Trying To Buy Kanye West's New Album
'Please Pray We Overcome This': Kanye West Claims He Is '$53 Million in Personal Debt'
Seattle aquarium cancels octopus sex act due to cannibalism concerns
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg on Justice Antonin Scalia: 'We Were Best Buddies'
Ohio Senior High Schooler Kicked Out of Co-ed Soccer League For Being the Man
Ohio High School Senior Kicked Out of Co-ed Soccer League for "being the man."
I Saw It Coming, Says Psychic in Home Plowed By Truck
Kanye West: $53 MILLION in Debt, Asks Mark Zuckerberg to Invest in Him!
Kanye West Claims He's $53 Million in Debt, Hopes Facebook Creator Mark Zuckerberg Will Come to the Rescue
Man skips work for 6 years; no one notices.
Westlake Senior Kicked Out Of Soccer League For Being The Man
A copy of Karl Marx Capital signed by Carly Fiorina for sale on Ebay, with proceeds being donated to Bernie Sanders
Providence man charged with assaulting roommates, one with a 7-foot spear
Fox News asks Bernie Sanders to help it land Democratic debate
Embattled copyright lawyer uses DMCA to remove article about himself
Idaho hiking trail reopens following aggressive goat problem
Australian Christian leader worried people will think he's gay if marriage equality is legalised.
Company Finds Out Man Didn't Work for 6 Years After Trying to Give Him Award
Buying an insurance company - franchise or independent?
Martin Shkreli might have been scammed out of $15 million for Kanye's new album
Two tourists struck by blow darts while walking on Golden Gate Bridge
Woman Says Dog Found In California Doesn't Belong To Bentonville Family
Research: Estimated 750,000 Tinder users have pubic lice
Martin Shkreli claims he's been scammed for $15m over Kanye album
Does Ted Cruz Think He's the Messiah?
video chat for adults! russian girls. FREE!
Man blows smoke in baby's face.
Cops: Man blows smoke in baby's face
Company Finds Out Employee's 6-Year Absence After They Tried to to Give Him Award
Bill Clinton still wants to be known as America's first black president
Indian girl sexually assaulted at hospital after being admitted for rape
Tourists walking across Golden Gate Bridge struck by mysterious blow darts, police say
Christian Lobby leader doesn't want marriage equality - in case people think he's gay
Arkansas State: Lockdown sparked by student video project
Hack-a-Shaq strategy up over 500% from last season.
A Brother And Sister Get Married (And Later, Their Son Tweets It)
Police: Woman throws Valentine's flowers at man, crashes her car
Cut off: isolated Canadian town searches for a hairdresser to tame their manes
'Is Jeb Related to George W. Bush?' Many People Didn't Know
Man robbed after posting large amount of cash on snapchat
For obese people distances really do look further, study finds.
HS senior gets banned from soccer league with list of ridiculous offenses
Police Searching for Man Who Masturbated on 6 Train, Police Say
Kanye West Promises to Have Over 100 Grammies Before he Dies
Chase Elliott Becomes Youngest Polesitter In Daytona 500 History
WOMAN COMPLAINS WOOLWORTHS WOULDN'T EXCHANGE HER COLES MILK, INTERNET HAS A FIELD DAY
Slain dacoit Dadua's statue unveiled at Fatehpur temple
'Goat rapist' on the prowl in Florida according to woman who says three of her animals have been attacked for months
Kanye West Says He's $53 Million in Debt, Asks Mark Zuckerberg to Invest $1 Billion in His Ideas
MAN SKIPS WORK FOR 6 YEARS, WAS SET TO RECEIVE AWARD
I only said to avoid Valentine's Day because I forgot to buy my wife flowers: Mamnoon Hussain
Kanye West Tweets That He's $53 Million in Debt: "Please Pray We Overcome"
Kanye West drops album, says he's $53 million in debt
Kanye West to boycott Grammys unless he wins Album of the Year
Well that went better than expected
Kanye West asks Mark Zuckerberg to give him $1 billion to fund his 'genius' ideas
Wild elephant stomps on 15 cars on a main road after straying from nature reserve
Scientists have discovered how to 'delete' unwanted memories
US accidently mails missile to Cuba
Police: Man urinates in Wal-Mart as he puts trout in pants
Search » International Edition+ Kanye West drops album, says he's $53 million in debt
Kanye West made a video game about a giant penis
Kanye West REALLY wants $1 billion from Mark Zuckerberg
Kanye West claims to be $53m in debt, and asks Mark Zuckerberg for help
Man Meets Facebook Friend For Valentine's Day, Gets Killed
$1B of meth found in bras
Kentucky lawmaker's bill forces men to get note from wives before purchasing Viagra.
Grammys 2016: Kanye West to boycott awards unless he wins Album of the Year
Ripples arrived six years late for gravitational wager
Australia police seize meth worth A$1bn hidden in bras inserts
Martin Shkreli Says He Lost $15m On Kanye Album
Fondue incident leaves two young girls with serious burns
Dutch side replace mascots with half-naked lingerie models to celebrate Valentine's Day
Raj Tattva By Rajesh Life Space | Rates | Possession..
RKC Waalwijk replace child mascots with lingerie models for Valentine's Day
Pig statue tribute to Ed Sheeran for Ipswich Pigs Gone Wild
'God' gets hacked, tells people to vote Donald Trump for president
Australian police seize huge haul of meth hidden in gel bra inserts
'Easily Excited' Utah professor unlocks the secrets of skipping stones
Feds Pouring Money Into A Project To Create A Database To Track "Suspicious" Internet Memes
Man in Spain skip work for 6 years, gets caught when he is going to receive a reward
Dutch open their first 'poop bank' to treat gut diseases
Pregnant 15-Year-Old Girl Claims Jesus Christ Is The Father Of Her Unborn Child!
RAj Tattva | Rajesh Life Spaces | Thane
Australia police seize $900M worth of meth hidden in bra inserts, glue
Porn baron left penniless after losing bitter court battle with 'bullying' dominatrix
Police Confiscate T-shirt Launcher
Motorized spermbots help improve fertilization
Prostitute Found in Long Island Marsh in 2011 May Have Been Murdered, Pathologist Says
Facebook doesn't want you to post this beautiful 19th-century painting of a vagina
RIVERSIDE: Will Ferrell eats at downtown Applebee's
Ben Carson's Fake Stalin Quote Came From a Right-Wing Facebook Meme
Woman assaults husband for not buying her a Valentine's Day gift
Australia seizes meth concealed in bra inserts during S$1.2 billion drug bust
Oceans Will Have More Plastic Than Fish By 2050
Seattle Aquarium cancels octopus mating session over cannibalism fears.
Man allegedly skipped work for 6 years
Wife crashes her own funeral, surprising husband who paid to have her killed
Another horse is sexually assaulted in Wisconsin
Kanye West asks Mark Zuckerberg for a $1B investment for his ideas - and $52M personal debt
Female Customer Unhappy with Haircut 'Goes Back to Shoot Barber'
Florida Woman Blames Publix Theft on Pooping Her Pants
'Lasers are offensive weapons and must be banned' - pilots' union
Article In Radical Islamist Pro-AKP Turkish Daily: Gorillas, Chimps Are Cursed, Mutated Jews
Fearing Cannibalism, Aquarium Cancels Valentine's Day Octopus Sex Show
Dumbest Girls Ever Steal Girl Scout Money (raw interview Stefanie Woods)
Tube anti-harassment team told not to sexually harass their colleagues
Find russian girl for sеe111x without commitment saaialst
TfL's anti-harassment team warned about sexual harassment by Tube bosses
Unhappy With Haircut, Woman Pulls Gun on Barber: PD Source: http://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/local/Unhappy-With-Haircut-Woman-Tries-Shooting-Barber-San-Diego-Police-368387911.html#ixzz40FvcrawP Follow us: @nbcsandiego on Twitter | NBCSanDiego on Facebook
Octopus Valentine's Day Sex Session Scrapped Over Cannibalism Fears
Man Skipped Work For 6 Years And No One Noticed Until He Won An Award
Kanye West claims to be $53m in debt. Says tech entrepreneurs Zuckerberg and Larry Page listen to hip-hop, but are more interested in opening schools in Africa than helping celebrity rappers
Heads Of The Catholic And Russian Orthodox Churches Use Historic Meeting To Bash Gays
Laser attacks on Toronto-bound flights at record high
Hookers for Hillary: meet the sex workers caucusing for Clinton in Nevada
Man skips work for 6 years and no one notices until he's awarded for 20 years of "loyal and dedicated" service
Obama Picks Staci Michelle Yandle, Black Lesbian Judge, For Federal Judgeship
Baby born in Fayetteville Sam's Club
Drunk driver speeds home, asks for peanut butter
Unhappy With Haircut, Woman Pulls Gun on Barber: PD
Hillary Clinton Asks For One Dollar Donations To Lower Embarrassingly High Donor Average
Tennessee may soon have official state rifle - recognized pistol, shotgun may come later
Kanye West asks Mark Zuckerberg & Larry Page for 1 billion to fund his ideas
Bill introduced that would require men seeking erectile dysfunction drugs to visit a doctor twice, get a note from their wives and swear on the Bible to be faithful.
Kanye West threatens to boycott the Grammy Awards unless he wins Album of the Year
Man saved from fireball death thanks to retro Samsung flip phone
Pope John Paul II letters reveal 32-year relationship with woman
Billion-Dollar Australian Drug Bust Uncovers Meth Hidden in Push-Up Bras, Paint-by-Numbers Kits
Isolated Canadian town in desperate need of a hairdresser
Norquist: 'Vapes' to determine the next president
Ky. bill would require men seeking Viagra to get note from wives
Breaking news: Thieves will steal $1000 coats left unattended by drunken, rich, college girls at bars.
Giant Shanghai slide sparks fear and satire on Chinese internet
Scot survived bear attack by 'booting it in the face'
Kanye West sends desperate tweets to Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg begging him for $1billion
BBC News: Giant Shanghai slide sparks fear of " Deadly Farts" and poops.
Aquarium cancels yearly octopus mating session due to male octopus large size. Usually, visitors are invited to watch.
Kirk Franklin To Appear On Kanye West's Blasphemous 'Gospel Album With A Whole Lot Of Cursing'
$1 Billion Worth of Drugs Seized From Shipment of Silicone Bra Inserts in Australia
Man skips work for 6 years, caught when he was to receive award
Kanye West reveals he's $53 million in debt, asks Mark Zuckerberg for money
Rubio: Gang of 8 Bill Never Intended to Become Law
Fake football pitches gave my teenage son cancer, says former NHS boss
How The Dark Net Is Making Drug Purchases Safer By Eliminating Associated Violence And Improving Quality
University tells students to report 'incidents of discomfort' to campus police
Martin Shkreli ‏Alleges Someone Stole $15 Million From Him After He Tries To Buy Kanye West's Latest Album
Lawmaker introduces bill to make yoga pants illegal
Oregon Metal Dude's Stolen Vest Ends Up in New York Macy's Display Three Years Later
Public octopus sex event canceled over cannibalism fears
Kanye West Asks Mark Zuckerberg for $1 Billion
Bill Clinton says Barack Obama wasn't the US's first black president because 'we're all mixed-race people'
Police arrest Colorado man in $14K Star Wars Lego fraud case
Man goes full assassins creed, crashing car into dam and hiding there from police
Kanye West asks Mark Zuckerberg for $1bn to clear $53m debt and to fund future projects
Aquarium's Octopus Mating Event Nixed Over Cannibalism Concerns.
Kanye West asks for financial help to fund 'ideas,' explains personal debt in latest Twitter rant
West, who claimed he was "still 53 million dollars in personal debt," said that people do not give money to "real artists" like him but rather open schools in Africa.
G.O.P warns Obama against doing anything for the next three hundred and forty days
Kentucky bill requires spouse consent to husband's Viagra use
India police eye new weapon: chili-loaded slingshot
Radio Flyer for rich kids
SHE DIVORCED ME BECAUSE I LEFT DISHES BY THE SINK
Neurologist Explains Why It's Hard to Look at Ted Cruz's Creepy, Unsettling Face @alternet
Cannibalism Concerns Prompt Seattle Aquarium to Cancel Octopus Mating Session
Possible Bigfoot sighting in Payson, Utah?
Study Shows Today's Marijuana Potency Is Stronger Than in 1995
Chelsea Clinton: Bernie Sanders' plan to end mass incarceration is 'worrying'
Unhappy With Haircut, San Diego Woman Tries to Shoot Barber: Police
Marco Rubio's "Morning Again in America" ad uses Canadian stock footage
Marijuana Is Stronger Now Than It Was 20 Years Ago
Cops surround home, find 'The Walking Dead'
Woman arrested for beating up her husband for cheating with adult toy
Proposed Viagra law in Kentucky would require wife's permission for men to receive prescription
That time Cuba replaced tractors with oxen
Man steals cash from restaurant he was fired from the day before, accidentally leaves trail of money leading to his apartment for cops
Marco Rubio's 'Morning Again in America' ad appears to open with shot of Canada
Claremore police follow trail of cash to suspected burglars
Inflated Bust? Australia Announces $1 Billion Drug Seizure In Bras
Local man kidnapped by crack-smoking pirates in Nigeria
If you're legally blind, you can carry a weapon in Georgia
Person dressed as banana disrupts Mitchell Shire Council meeting
Marco Rubio Ad Has Vancouver Masquerading As America
Kentucky Lawmaker Wants Men to Swear Fidelity on Bible, Get Note From Wife Before Getting Viagra
Woman Arrested in West Covina, California After Giving Birth and Leaving Baby in Restroom
School accidentally names new gym 'white pride' fitness room
Straight men may be confused for gay men
PETA cancels 'Greased Pig on Ice' protest after learning no pigs involved
Donald Trump Isn't Real
Thief squeezes woman's buttocks, steals $16 on Valentine's Day
'My demons won today': Ohio activist's suicide spotlights depression among Black Lives Matter leaders
Hillary Clinton Barks Like a Dog While Condemning Republicans
The radical plan to destroy time zones
All 25,000 candidates fail Liberian university entrance exam
Kanye West asks "White Publications" to stop commenting on "Black Music"
Airbnb Guest Steals Mattress, Smoke Alarm from Hell's Kitchen Home: NYPD
Newborn baby found in toilet at Subway restaurant in California
Conan O'Brien goes to Korea to thank fan for free food
Vancouver skyline featured in Marco Rubio's 'Morning again in America' campaign ad
Alan Jones says Australia needs another stolen generation 'to protect' children' | Australia news
How come its ok for Kanye to say ask "White Publications" to Stop Commenting on "Black Music"
Runaway Army Blimp Was Missing Batteries
Australian Christian Lobby claims it needs hate speech to argue against same-sex marriage
Pennsylvania school locked down over second-grader in scarf
Adele Cries to Her Music, Too
Man guilty of sexually assaulting overdose victim who died
N.J man stabbed neighbor to death over pet birds, jury finds
Kanye West Blasts 'White Publications' Pitchfork, NY Times, Rolling Stone for Bad Reviews
City tries to honor employee, learns he hasn't shown up to work in 6 years
Victorian council meeting cancelled after person in banana suit protests against mayor's trip
BIll would require men to have a note from their wives and swear on bible before getting Viagra.
Former President Jimmy Carter wins Grammy Award
Saunas, bars and cable TV: luxury world discovered inside Mexican riot prison
Martin Shkreli, the man America loves to hate, appears to have lost $15 million in bitcoins after he tried to buy the rights to Kanye West's new album.
Christian Lobby claims it needs hate speech to argue against same-sex marriage
Mum's shock after council WIPES OUT garden to install £40k disabled ramp for daughter
Man dressed in banana costume forces council to abandon meeting
JebBush.com redirects to Donald Trump's website, and no-one knows why
EXCLUSIVE Crazy Girlfriend Tries to Kill Boyfriend With Car PT 1-Man Behind The Camera Speaks Out
This 60-metre wheelchair ramp could make Britain great again
Forest Grove police log: stolen laxatives, 100-pound concrete rooster goes missing
Porcelain pranksters wanted for vandalism with toilet, frozen raccoon
New York judge arrested for DUI on her way to court.
First World 1% Problems
A new start-up is making money by betting your relationship won't last
Australian Authorities Find $1 Billion of Meth Mostly Hidden in Bra Inserts
California Student Information Released to Nonprofit
Parents Worry as California Schools Set to Release Kids' Personal Data
Chickens the latest animals to be threatened by climate change
North Korea's 'biggest' export - giant statues
Kentucky now requires written spouse consent to husband's Viagra use
Broken-hearted elephant goes on car rampage
Hillary Clinton attacks GOP by barking like a dog
Penis-shaped sausages cause outrage at Jonker Walk
JebBush.com redirects to DonaldJTrump.com
Aussie man who woke from coma speaking Chinese finds TV match
145-year-old letter, delivered by balloon, turns up in Australia
Huge triceratops left in the middle of British roadway
Tories plan to make ethics and morals illegal with new law against boycotts
The NSA's SKYNET program may be killing thousands of innocent people
Isle of Wight model triceratops left in middle of high street
Even Airlines Hate Kanye - Virgin Australia Tells Kanye West: "EAD You Douche"
Suspected marijuana baggie found in Empire Canyon
Australian Christian Lobby head explains how same-sex marriage affects heterosexual men: 'People would think I'm gay'
Kentucky Bill Would Require Men Seeking Viagra to Swear Fidelity on Bible
Martin Shkreli claims to have lost $15 million attempting to buy Kanye West's new album
Man shot by police in Finland
Hillary Clinton barks like a dog to slam Republicans
Straight men may be confused for gay men: ACL
Parents told to stop smoking cannabis by school gate after kids complain
US Marshals arresting people for not paying their federal student loans
VA suicide hotline in Oscar-winning documentary lets calls go to voicemail
Primary school forced to tell parents to stop taking DRUGS as they drop their children off
Primary school warns over parents 'using cannabis'
Local Council Forced to Install 40k Spiralling Disability Ramp due to Building Regs
Group of Nuns In California Grow Weed And See Nothing Wrong
Trump's 'Very Seriously' Considering Suing Ted Cruz
Referee 'shot dead by player he sent off' during amateur match in Argentina
Regina man dons skates for Canadian 'jog' down icy alley
Hillary Clinton literally barks like a dog during campaign speech
ISIS Instructor Gets Head Blown Off During Beheading Class
Driver deployed smokescreen to escape police officer
Vancouver featured in Marco Rubio campaign ad
Most Americans say U.S. economic system is unfair, but high-income Republicans disagree
Valentine's Day octopus mating session canceled out of cannibalism concerns
'Drink probably involved' in Isle of Wight triceratops abduction
Hookers for Hillary prepping for Nevada caucus, Clinton's presidential run
Cannibalism fears nix aquarium's octopus-mating show
Church pays debt back in prayers
Jebbush.com now redirects viewers to Donald Trump's website, because Jeb forgot to renew it
This farm needs volunteers to snuggle with its baby goats this winter
If you're a racist, say you have minority friends. It helps.
Town officials note John Walker statue 'not a match' with local hero
Clinton barks like a dog to taunt GOP
Syrian President Assad says ceasefire doesn't mean parties 'stop using weapons'
Jeb Bush forgot to renew his website, so now it redirects you to Donald Trump's
Jeb Bush forgot to renew his domain, jebbush.com and guess who bought it? - Donald Trump.
What will life look like in 100 years? Underwater cities, printed food and holidays to Mars
Hillary Clinton Literally Starts Barking Like a Dog During Campaign Rally
$500 Tesla Model S for kids coming in May
World's oldest man aged 131 discovered living with wife 69 years younger than him
The Parmesan Cheese You Sprinkle on Your Penne Could Be Wood
A new campaign advert for US presidential candidate Marco Rubio is promising a return to "morning in America," but the ad has the sun rising over the Canadian city of Vancouver.
Two Former U.S. Presidents Simultaneously Advocate for a Close Family Member as the Next U.S. President
Hilary Clinton barks like a dog at a rally in Nevada
This Woman Says She Bought A McDonald's Happy Meal In 2010, And It Hasn't Rotted Yet!
38 percent of Trump's S.C. supporters wish South won Civil War
Donald Trump Says He's 'Very Seriously' Considering Suing Ted Cruz
Woman died after setting herself on fire just days after being arrested over arson
Tasked With Combating Opium, Afghan Officials Profit From It
China's space telescope to displace 10,000 humans in search for aliens
Fur federation director says the industry is 'environmentally friendly' and humane
14-year-old Wisconsin basketball player impaled by broken floor
Referee Dies After Soccer Player Shoots Him During Game
JebBush.com Now Takes You to Trump's Campaign Site
Nobody Shows Up To Anti-Beyonce Protest In NYC, Beyonce Fans Counter Protest Anyway
"Drink probably involved" in triceratops abduction on Isle of Wight
Jeb forgot to renew his website and Donald Trump bought it. It now redirects to Trump's website.
Tyga Denied Paul McCartney, Beck, and Taylor Hawkins Entry to His Grammys Afterparty
How VIP do you have to be. Sir Paul McCartney and friends refused entry to Grammys after party.
New York enacts anti-swastika law
Move over, California grizzlies: Lace lichen becomes state symbol
Here's Paul McCartney, Beck and Taylor Hawkins Getting Denied from a Grammys Party Hosted by Something Called Tyga
Kanye West asks Mark Zuckerberg for help after announcing he's $53 million in debt
Jeb: Trump 'fears me'
Man Kicked Out Of All-You-Can-Eat Buffet After Staying Seven Hours, Eating 50 - 70 Pounds Of Food
Ted Cruz promises military no 'gluten-free' MREs
TRUMP: Marco Rubio sweats too much to negotiate with Vladimir Putin
ISIS is broke, and only accepting payments in US dollars
Big Pizza Convinces The House To Withhold Nutrition Information From Consumers
PAUL MCCARTNEY NOT VIP ENOUGH FOR TYGA GRAMMY AFTERPARTY
Madison man wins right to wear spaghetti strainer in license photo
Senator Who Once Railed Against Delaying SCOTUS Confirmations Says He'll Delay SCOTUS Confirmation
Marco Rubio's 'America' ad features Vancouver skyline
Facing budget crunch, ISIS is cutting perks and slashing salaries
New York Judge Charged With Driving Drunk To Court
Play as a goat in the FBI's new bizarre anti-extremism game
Rapper Lupe Fiasco beats Street Fighter legend Daigo Umehara at his own game
The Official Currency of ISIS's Caliphate: the U.S. Dollar
D.A.: Western NY judge arrested for DUI on her way to court
Hillary Clinton Claims To Oppose Breaking Up The Banks Because Racism
Jebbush.com redirects viewers to Donald Trump website
'Hobbits' found on Flores island are not Homo sapiens, but mystery remains
Employee skipped work for six years and still received full salary
16% of Trump Supporters in South Carolina Willing to Tell Pollsters They are Openly White Supremacist Only 14% are not sure if whites are the superior race.
U.S. and the World - Cubans Return U.S. Hellfire Training Missile Mistakenly sent by Lockheed
Cape Breton welcoming Americans if Donald Trump Wins
Match abandoned in Argentina when red-carded player returns with gun and shoots referee dead
Wisconsin jury rejects beer-battered fish as a DWI defense
Anti-Beyonce protest overwhelmed by anti-anti-Beyonce protesters
Jebbush.com redirects viewers to Donald Trump's website
US Marshals arresting people for not paying their federal student loans (X-Post /r/news)
Wisconsin man allowed to wear spaghetti strainer in DMV photo
Man Kicked Out Golden Corral After Eating 50LBS Of Food; Sues For $2-Million
Paul McCartney turned away from Grammys afterparty
Sony Music Issues Takedown On Copyright Lecture About Music Copyrights By Harvard Law Professor
Kanye West asks Mark Zuckerburg to invest $1 billion in his ideas.
If Donald Trump wins U.S. presidency, Cape Breton pitched as refuge for Americans
Cops surround home only to find family watching 'The Walking Dead'
JebBush.com Redirects To Trump's Official Website
The Black Man Simulator: One man's ambitious project
Rutherford sheriff cites Beyonce video after shots fired at his home
People Are Boycotting Red Lobster Because Of Beyonce
Tennessee sheriff cites Beyonce video after shots fired at his home
White People Are Boycotting Red Lobster Because They Think It's Racist
Middle Tennessee sheriff blames Beyonce for shooting outside his home
Is Beyoncé Bad For Business? White Detractors Are Boycotting Red Lobster Because Of 'Formation'
G.O.P. Warns Obama Against Doing Anything for Next Three Hundred and Forty Days
Jeb Bush Forgets to Renew Website, Donald Trump Buys It
Japanese nursing home worker admits to throwing three elderly residents off balconies
Cops surround home, find family watching 'The Walking Dead'
Cliven Bundy does not recognize the authority of the U.S. Government. He has however asked for a public defender.
Oscar Statuette Gets A Facelift
Man cuts off penis on Valentine's Day
Cafe that supports people with learning difficulties to close due to lack of funding
From banks to Uber: No competition please, we're Canadian
Donald Trump supporters in South Carolina: 'We're voting with our middle finger'
Lawyer says 2nd Amendment protects gun owners' rights to accidentally shoot their neighbors.
Eagles of Death Metal Singer Jesse Hughes Says Everybody Should Have Guns
US Marshals Are Arresting People Who Are Behind on Student Loans
Painful Valentine's as man cuts wife's breasts, severs his penis
New study confirms that women under 30 love wine
Hillary Clinton barks like a dog to mock GOP
Elderly should do community work or lose pension, peer says
Beatles icon Paul McCartney denied entry at Tyga's Grammys afterparty
JebBush.com sends users to Donald Trump's website
Gender-bending dog adopted by Michigan gay rights attorney
IS faces budget crunch, cutting perks and trimming salaries
Denied! Yes, Sir Paul McCartney was shut out of Tyga's post-Grammy party
Scalia And Leonard Nimoy: Justice's Death Spurs Conspiracy Theories
Japanese Actor Dies In Samurai Sword Accident
Loud volume of "The Walking Dead" triggers police response in Great Falls.
Sheriff Wonders If Shooting Near His Home Was Incited By 'Beyonce's Video'
Woman saves £11,000 in a year (but used a super soaker instead of toilet paper)
Primary school tells parents to stop smoking cannabis outside school gates
Virgin Australia sorry for urging Kanye West to 'eat a dick' on Twitter
Paul McCartney turned away at Tyga's Grammys after-party
Paul McCartney, Beck and Foo Fighters' Taylor Hawkins got rejected from Grammy afterparty - watch
Can Smoking Kill Cat Videos? A Bold Public Health Ad Says Yes
18-Year-Old Florida Man Arrested After Posing as Doctor, Opening Medical Practice: Sheriff's Office
Madison man wins right to wear spaghetti strainer in driver's license photo, Man part of Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster
Footage of another reported Bigfoot sighting in Utah released
Ted Cruz pledges not to provide gluten free meals to the military.
ISIS faces budget crunch, killing perks and slashing salaries
Elephant Man thankful rape case dropped after complainant died, says God is good.
U.S. Marshals Are Arresting People in Texas Who Have Outstanding Student Loans
A new petition has been launched to "demand a Deadpool statue in Regina"
Police Arrest Brothers Who Sold a Fake Goya ... and Were Paid with Fake Cash
US Marshals Are Arresting People for Unpaid Student Loans
British pot farmer avoids jail because judge says he sucks at growing pot
Cops surround home only to find family watching Walking Dead
Clinton Claims To Oppose Breaking Up Banks Because Racism
Health Minister Leo Varadkar caught up in dramatic sword robbery while canvassing
Stampede in church service as congregates flee after 'devil' appears
Speed camera on Petrie Terrace footpath forces pedestrians into traffic
Woman's Crocs protect from skunk bite
18-year-old Florida man allegedly posed as doctor, opened medical practice: sheriff's office
Glenn Beck God allowed Scalia to die in order to highlight importance of electing Ted Cruz
Protest against same-sex school formal backfires
Grammys 2016: Adele skipped her label's after-party to grab In-N-Out burgers
James Bond: Ladbrokes suspend betting on Tom Hardy becoming new 007
ISIS struggles with budget crunch
Manhunt for Argentinian footballer who shot and killed referee after being shown red card
Colorado's Newest Pot Shop Tied to Strip Club and Mayor
Study: Millennials drink nearly half of all wine in the U.S
Government to force all online porn users to identify themselves
NRA recommends gun owners buy second gun to protect selves from first gun
Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo bans open carry, concealed handguns for 2016
GOP presidential candidate Jeb Bush tweets picture of a gun with his name on it, captioning it 'America'
Big Sean: Kanye West Has 'One of the Biggest Hearts in the World'
Donald Trump buys and redirects JebBush.com to DonaldJTrump.com after Jeb lets domain name expire
Florida Teen Arrested for Posing as a Licensed Doctor: Authorities
ISIS faces budget crunch, cutting perks and trimming salaries
Paul McCartney denied entry at Tyga's Grammys afterparty
Trump confuses Barack Obama for Ben Carson
Houston man arrested by seven U.S. Marshals for not paying $1,500 student loan from 1987
Japanese Actor Killed During Rehearsal With Prop Samurai Sword
Mailman trapped by Turkeys
Homer Simpson to Appear Live on 'The Simpsons'
Conspiracy theorists suspect poison, Obama, and Leonard Nimoy in death of Antonin Scalia
Justin Trudeau accused of both withdrawing and not withdrawing from ISIS fight
NJ Letter Carrier Trapped in Mail Truck by Turkeys
150,000 penguins die in iceberg crash
Manny Pacquiao sorry for saying gays 'worse than animals'
Homer Simpson will go live on 'The Simpsons'
Twitter not reliable predictor of election outcomes: study
Jeb Bush celebrates 'Murica.
A male prostitution ring called "The Fellowship of the Ring", formed by police officers, was recently discovered in Colombia
Twitch streamer successfully beats Dark Souls taking no hits
Chewbacca, Stormtrooper and Cookie Monster arrested in Times Square
Man missing for 30 years realizes that he's someone else.
Ted Cruz Vows Strong Military With No Gluten-Free Meals
Carson: Muslims who embrace American values have to be 'schizophrenic'
Woman arrested after claiming cocaine she had was "essential oils"
Teen tried to blame porn for molesting woman
Donald Trump mocks Hillary Clinton for barking like dog
Donald Trump mocks Clinton for barking like dog
Jeb Bush tweeted a photo of a gun, because America
A new dating site to #FeelTheBern (no, not that burn).
Donald Trump says he will release information s about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse.
Researchers are "freezing" patients to avoid death
Second worst charity in america agrees to shut down
GoFundMe Campaign Launched To Help Raise $53 Million For Kanye West
BREAKING: DONALD TRUMP PICKS KANYE WEST TO BE HIS VICE PRESIDENT RUNNING MATE
Ceasefire Doesn't Mean Parties 'Stop Using Weapons,' According To Syria's Assad
Tennessee Sheriff Hears Gunshots Outside His House, Blames Beyonce
Tennessee Sheriff Blames Drive-by Shooting on Beyoncé Video
Referee shot dead by player he red carded in Argentina
Papal commission: Bishops must report sex abuse charges
Man punched, robbed of cookies in San Francisco
Donald Trump Picks Kanye West To Be His Vice President Running Mate
Surgery patient wakes up to missing belly button
Guaca Bowle | Jeb 2016
Japanese actor killed by prop samurai sword
Lonely trio of anti-Beyoncé protesters shocked that thousands didn't show up (x-post r/offbeat)
Drunk monkey grabs knife, chases men in Brazil
British schoolboy questioned by "anti-terrorism" police for wearing "Free Palestine" badge
Is This Man Too Sexy for Petaluma?
Anti-terror police question schoolboy for wearing pro-Palestine badge
Trump supporters in South Carolina would ban Islam, shut mosques and a third would prevent gays entering US
Trump 'seriously considers' suing Republican rival Ted Cruz
Jeb Bush tweets photo of engraved handgun, people freak out
This is story on Rubio. The first sentence makes me want to shake a baby.
'Ponder that this Valentine's Day': Medical expert says 750,000 Tinder users have pubic lice
Sir Paul McCartney 'turned away from Grammys after party'
Oscars gift bag worth $200,000 contains sex toy, breast lift and trip to Israel
Decatur boutique owner holds gun on man accused of trying on women's clothes
Look out - Jeb Bush has a gun
FBI finds trench of human feces at cultural site on Oregon refuge
Rick Wiles: Obama Killed Scalia As A Pagan Human Sacrifice
Pizza Hut Wants To Offer Kanye West A Job So He Can Pay Off Some Of His $53 Million In Debt
Canadian man builds home theater out of snow
Experts: Mysterious 'messed-up crocodile' creature likely a pike eel
Ohio Township to Drop Case Against 'Zombie Nativity'
Egypt orders arrest of Facebook administrator after unfaithful wives comments
Ted Cruz Pledges Not Provide Gluten Free Meals to Military
Fairy tales teach robots not to murder
Kanye West protege Paul McCartney denied access to Grammys after-party
Lock out laws won't stop us from being Pisa-Wrecks, says Queensland.
A new Kentucky bill would require men to get consent from their spouse before using Viagra
Police respond to call after 'Walking Dead' heard from apartment
Chinese shopping mall builds five storey high slide
A Group of Prostitutes Is Endorsing Hillary Clinton
U.S. to Russia on Syria ceasefire: 'Put up or shut up'
Moscow Anti-Smoking Campaign Uses Obama's Image as Deterrent
Sailboat dramatically struck by lightning
Donald Trump: Marco Rubio sweats too much to negotiate with Vladimir Putin
Hairy panic sets in as homes are swallowed in masses of tumbleweeds
FDA Says 'Parmesan' Cheese Might Actually Be Cheddar or Wood Pulp
'Drink probably involved' in triceratops abduction
Florida 18-year-old accused of posing as a doctor
Tumbleweed plants take over Wangaratta and block residents homes
Hello, goodbye: Paul McCartney denied entry to Grammys afterparty
MAN ARRESTED BY U.S. MARSHALS FOR OUTSTANDING STUDENT LOAN
Teen accused of running fake medical practice posed as gynecologist a year ago, officials say
сюрприз/видео сюрприз/сюрпризы для девочек
Irate man too busy yelling at drivers to see tornado nearly hit him
Neighbouring grow-op prompts Princess Margaret Lottery to withdraw prize home
John Kerry Meets With Hollywood Studio Chiefs to Discuss ISIS
Узнайте, как я заработал 1455 долларов за 3 дня, работая 5 часов в день. 2j_JP7z__xF
Loss of tree stirs emotions, sparks anger in Hamden
I Made $12 000 in 26 Days without spending a Dime. How? 2y_Xs_R7Pn4_8J_
The Official Jeb Bush Website Now Redirects To Donald Trump's Campaign Site
Primary school asks parents not to smoke cannabis when dropping children off
How to chop and onion without crying
Sheriff thinks Beyonce incited shooting near his home.
Exorcist claims 'beautiful women' are more likely to be possessed by evil demons
Jesus does not want you to be hit men, pope tells Mexican youth
Alleged killer's alibi includes heroin, dog walking, and more heroin
WTF? An 18 year old pretended to be a doctor and ran a medical office in Florida.
Billionaire Mark Cuban Says Billionaire Bloomberg Should Run for President Against Billionaire Trump
Pastor says gun range 'just an idea'
Jeb Bush tweets picture of a gun with his name on it, captioning it "America"
'Smoking kills more people than Obama' poster appears in Moscow
Nigeria's stranded astronaut email scam targets 'most-gullible users'
China to relocate over 9,000 residents in search for extraterrestrials.
Bracelet may change how we get caffeinated
Hookers for Hillary's message spreads around the world
Computerized Gas Station Price War Takes Prices Down To A Few Pennies In Ohio
B.C. man sets record for fastest log car in the world
Nothing to see here, just a couple of tigers in the boot of a car
Gas prices briefly drop to 19 cents, 17 cents in north Toledo
CORRECTION: Houston man was NOT arrested for failing to pay old student loan.
Joko to Visit Silicon Valley, Meet With Google, Facebook, Twitter Executives. While his IT Minister blocks Tumblr for "pornography"
Pesaje | Ferretería online
A Hospital Paralyzed by Hackers
This Chinese Company Moved Production to South Carolina to Save Money
'Hangry' woman arrested for biting Wendy's worker over wrong order
TV War and Peace puts Tolstoy's book on bestseller list for first time
Florida teen arrested after posing as doctor, opening medical practice
مسجات للمتزوجين للكبار فقط 2016 , احدث مسجات للمتزوجين للكبار فقط 2016
Texas Stoner Leads Cops on High Speed Chase While on Social Media
Maybe robots won't kill us if they read 'good' books
Paul McCartney denied entry to Grammys after-party not once, but twice
Snoo Mascot Contest Winners
Kentucky meteorologist arrested for cultivating marijuana
New York Police Still Struggle to Follow Street-Stop Rules, Report Finds
You Could Be Arrested for Hosting a Potluck Supper in This State
Potlucks are illegal in AZ
Kizi Online Games - Playing Sort My Tiles Robin Hood game!
Dinosaur Disrupts Traffic on the Isle of Wight
Teen arrested after allegedly posing as a gynecologist, giving exams
Your Starbucks drink may have 25 spoons of sugar in it
Family seeks snow donations to help Frosty last until spring
"Obama has a soft spot for homosexuals because of the years he spent as a male prostitute in his twenties": Meet the looniest politician in Texas (and that's saying something)
Black Lives Matter at Cornell: Climate change is racist
Can dogs fly planes? New British TV show 'Dogs Might Fly' trains canine pilots
Seven cops surround Montana home only to find family watching 'The Walking Dead'
POLICE BLOTTER: Woman faces child neglect charge after being found passed out, naked
jebbush.com redirects to Donald Trumps website after Jeb's campaign forgets to renew the domain name
Huge Triceratops Blocks Road In The United Kingdom
Twitter believes Ted Cruz is the elusive Zodiac killer, and he hasn't denied it
Kanye West asks "San Fran" techie Mark Zuckerberg for $53mil for a debt bailout
Pizza Hut Offers Kanye West A Job
Black Lives Matter Co-Founders Speak at Cornell: Free Trade, Climate Change are Anti-Black Racism
Women can navigate better when given testosterone, study finds
Man grows sick of waiting for city workers to pick up roadkill, delivers skunk to city hall instead.
Petition to have Deadpool host Saturday Night Live
Calgary Zoo employees disciplined for giving otter pants, resulting in its death
$4.65 million in counterfeit bills seized from Vietnamese couple at Detroit airport
Staff members disciplined after 'unauthorized' pants kill Calgary zoo otter
Freedom 251 is a $4 smartphone that packs awesome features But they clearly copied Apple's iPhone 6s design, with similar rounded edges, a round button and the silver ring around itand icons too
Fans Mod R. Mika's Buttslap, More Back Into Retail Version of Street Fighter V
Seattle man in women's locker room cites gender rule
Beezow Doo-doo Zopittybop-bop-bop in Legal Hot Water Again
A Hospital Paralyzed by Hackers (for a Bitcoin ransom)
Teen accused of running fake medical practice posed as gynecologist, officials say
Florida Teenager Is Accused of Posing as a Doctor. Again.
Police investigate screaming at house, turns out family were just watching The Walking Dead
A Tennessee sheriff suggested Tuesday that an alleged rise in violence against police officers is directly related to pop star Beyoncé's controversial recent Super Bowl halftime show performance and music video of "Formation."
Man Skipped Work For 6 Years No One Noticed Until He Won An Award Read more: http://www.thebull1017.com/onair/jessica-55195/man-skipped-work-for-6-years-14388291/#ixzz40S2vJ0sN
White students undergo weekly 'deconstructing whiteness' program at Northwestern University
Kanye West threatens to boycott Grammys unless he wins Album of the Year despite NOT being nominated
Amy Schumer calls out Taylor Swift over thigh gap in Instagram post
'JebBush.com' Redirects You To Donald Trump's Campaign Website
Fat Cats on a Diet: Will They Still Love You?
15 year old girl claims she is pregnant with the son of Jesus
Toronto hospital pulls 'grand prize showhome' due to 'intrusive odour' of legal pot grow-op
Terrorists' budget cuts means no more free chocolate
Drunk Monkey Attacks Bar Patrons With Knife
God sued for $89,000
'Get the baby out of the toilet,' dispatcher tells sandwich makers
Worried about amoral robots? Try reading them stories.
Monopoly Gets Rid of All Cash in a Brand-New Version of the Game: Instead, there's a miniature ATM and debit cards.
5-year-old contemplates playground break-up
Cops Surround Home, Discover Family Watching 'The Walking Dead'
Video shows Waffle House employees using cooking equipment to fix hair
Freedom 251 is a 4-inch Android smartphone with quad-core processor that costs less than $4
The Oregon standoff is over but militia left something on the refuge: their poop
Dating site launches for Bernie Sanders lovers
Parents asked not to smoke joints on the school run
THIS PHONE CASE PRINTS INSTANT PHOTOS LIKE A POLAROID
The hot new trend in New York City is eating out of a bowl
Homeless World Cup to be played in Glasgow this summer
Hartwall recalls beer-filled Pepsi Max cans
Crowdfunding page for Kanye's debt has raised only $868
Pop Star's Single, 'Booty Wave', Most Likely Civilization's Downfall
Science Health Sports Arts Fashion & Style Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate Obituaries Video The Upshot Conferences More Advertisement U.S. Florida Teenager Is Accused of Posing as a Doctor. Again.
China kicks 9000 people out of their homes
Passengers urinate out of car window while travelling 100km/h
Ref Cesar Flores Shot Dead by Player After Red Card in Argentinian Football Game
Verizon's "Hum" Device For Your Car Will Rat Out Speeding Teens, Wandering Spouses
ESPN Experiments With Aiming Camera at Referees' Butts for Entire Basketball Game
Cruz campaign asks stations to stop airing anti-Cruz ad
New Nerf Gun can Shoot at 68 MPH
Tennessee Sheriff Blames Beyoncé for Rise in Shootings
الشرح 776 : ازالة فيروس الاختصارات او فيروس الشورت كت remove shortcut virus
"I Can't Be Racist I Have A (Insert Ethnicity Here) Friend!" Study Finds Whites Disparaging Minorities Appear Less Racist When Mentioning Asian-American Friends
New York state family seeks donations to keep snowman standing through spring
Cashier in England asked 'where's Scotland' when given Scots banknote
18-Year-Old Teen Arrested For Being A Fake Gynecologist & Opening Up His Own Clinic
Group Of Wild Turkeys Surrounds NJ Mailman's Truck
Police Called as American Tourist "Shocked" to Discover Canada has its "Own Currency"
Montreal taxis egg Uber driver
Man Who Punches People For Living Somehow Not Paragon Of Progressive Values
Scientists solve mystery of where puffins go in the winter
Man in women's locker room cites gender rule
Argument over Donald Trump leads to assault arrest
Texas Board of Education Candidate: President Obama Was a Prostitute
You Can Now Donate to a GoFundMe to Help Kanye Get Out of 'Debt'
Pope urges Mexican convicts to become 'prophets'
Santeria priest charged with stealing 8 skeletons from Worcester's Hope Cemetery
China: Missiles have been on South China Sea island for years
Flint water rates highest in country, study claims
Literal Holy Crap: Glenn Beck Says Scalia's Death Part of God's Plan to Elect Ted Cruz
Teacher charged with assault after knocking candy out of student's hand
Some Communities Arming Officers With Credit Card Machines
YouTube Copyright Complaint Kills Harvard Professor's Copyright Lecture
Website invites Americans to move to Cape Breton if Trump wins presidency
If Trump wins, this island wants you to flee the country to them
'Hookers 4 Hillary' goes all out in Clinton fundraising push
Tennessee Sheriff Blames Beyoncé's Super Bowl Halftime Show for Shootings
Topeka lawmaker: Gay people a 'third sex' under Supreme Court rulings
Oregon Lawmakers Discover Reading Aloud Takes Time
Man suspected of impersonating a police officer was actually a real officer
Princess Margaret pulls home from lottery after learning of neighbouring pot grower
Russian security guard known as 'Fat Leonardo DiCaprio' will fulfill your Titanic dreams
Big-money liberals vow to back Bernie whether he likes it or not
Pope Francis tells young Mexicans Jesus doesn't want them to join cartels
Teen posed as doctor at illegal medicinal office he ran
iPhone users warned not to set their phones to 1970
Teen Called 'Dr. Love' Arrested for Posing as a Doctor After Opening His Own Clinic
Argentinian match ends in tragedy after furious player shoots and kills referee following red card
Britney Spears says she needs a 'hot nerd' with a 'big penis'
jebbush.com Redirects to Donald Trumps website
Britney Spears wants to date a 'hot nerd' with a 'really big penis'
Road raging man misses tornado
If Donald Trump wins U.S. presidency, Cape Breton pitched as refuge for Americans - Nova Scotia
Man too busy with road rage to notice looming tornado
Wallet stolen, gets hilarious letter instead
Florida man calls 911 to discuss Hitler, Jews because he was bored, police say
18-year-old arrested for pretending to be a doctor, police say
NYC man loses his wallet then gets a brutally honest letter along with some of his belongings
China's 'toilet revolution' could see unruly users blacklisted
Oregon militant accuses feds of committing 'works of the devil' in $666 billion lawsuit
Nevada Democrats will break caucus ties with high-card draw
Hillary Clinton Scores Crucial Lindsay Lohan Endorsement
New York Man loses wallet but receives his cards back in the mail with letter saying all his money was spend on weed.
Wilco Fan Loses Wallet, Gets It Returned Without Cash Because Perpetrator Needed To Buy Weed
Seattle Aquarium cancels Valentine's Day octopus sex session due to cannibalism concerns
Drawing Dicks On The Herald Sun Announces Major Exhibition
Paedophile who led child sex grooming ring in Rochdale using human rights laws to try to block deportation
Three sheets to the wind! Russian patient wakes up from surgery and sets off to buy beer with just a bedsheet around him in -16C temperatures
18-Year-Old Teen Arrested For Being A Fake Gynecologist & Opening Up His Own Clinic! (Gave Hundreds Of Exams To Women)
Kanye West asks Facebook's Zuckerberg for $1 billion for his 'ideas.' West, who claimed he was "still 53 million dollars in personal debt," said that people do not give money to "real artists" like him but rather open schools in Africa.
Waffle House employee poisons coworker's drink with meth
Bernie Sanders Dating Site Crashes After Millions Try To Register
Man administers LDS priesthood blessing along I-15 to car crash victim
Kanye West claims he is "50 percent [more influential than] Stanley Kubrick, Picasso, Apostle Paul, f--g Picasso and Escobar."
Finder of wallet sends hilarious letter
Carson talks social safety net, bear attacks
Gamers Playing 'EteRNA' Just Beat Professional Science to This Crucial Discovery
A 9/11 Musical Sets Sights On Broadway For Next Spring
Glenn Beck: God Brought About Scalia's Death So America Would Vote For Ted Cruz
Cop receiving over $40k on disability becomes professional body builder
Total revolution in the 'telcos' by the disappearance of the SIM Mobile
This gorgeous Canadian island is offering refuge to Americans if Trump wins
Australia town consumed by 'hairy panic'
Vietnamese woman escapes death sentence by impregnating herself with syringe, plastic bag of semen
Woman flips car while ramming boyfriend's vehicle
Naked man tries to free La Niña replica ship
Police surround Montana house, find family watching 'The Walking Dead' - National
Elementary School Accidentally Sends 'Hurt Feelings Report' to Parents
SIS Stops Handing Out Snickers Bars, Gatorade As Cash Crunch Deepens
Republican Party Chairman: 'This Will Be Just Fine'
S.F. tech worker: Homeless 'riff raff' ruining this city, scaring 'wealthy working people'
ISIS Stops Handing Out Snickers Bars, Gatorade As Cash Crunch Deepens
Glenn Beck: God killed Scalia so Cruz could win
God quits Twitter: popular account to commandeth no more
Homer to take fans' questions in Simpsons live episode
Turkeys surround New Jersey postal worker's truck
House Dem uses online poll to decide between Sanders, Clinton
Moscow anti-smoking ad bears President Obama's face
DRUNK monkey grabs foot-long kitchen knife and chases after men at Brazilian bar after drinking leftover rum... but leaves the women alone
Glenn Beck says God took Scalia to give America Ted Cruz as president
Glenn Beck: God took Scalia to give America Ted Cruz as president
Former Michigan police officer raped his teenage relative while watching 'Family Guy' with her, she testifies
3D glasses allow brain operation
A Baby Dolphin Died Because Tourists Wanted Selfies With Her
Justice Scalia's Death was a Pagan Sacrifice By President Obama
Best Medical Entrance Exam, NEET Coaching, AIPMT, MH-CET Classes In Pune
Groom killed in celebratory firing at marriage procession in UP (India)
Donald Trump Proves He's Just as Conservative As Bernie Sanders
Bat Invasion Forces Closure Of Texas Hospital
The world's cheapest smartphone is cheaper than expected, launches in India for $4
Referee in Argentina "shot dead by player he sent off"
Freedom 251: India firm launches 'world's cheapest' smartphone (Under $4)
Gay Hate Group Accidentally Raises 30k for an LGBTQ Teen Gala
Report: calls to VA suicide hotline went to voicemail
Advocacy group: Stop smoking or you'll kill these cats
Due to gaffe, antigay hate group raises thousands of dollars for LGBTQ teen gala
Stranger Keeps New Yorker's Wallet 'Cause It Kinda Cool,' Cash 'Because I Needed Weed'
New Zealand brothel holds 'open day' to raise funds for children's charity
18-Year-Old Arrested After Masquerading as Gynecologist for Second Time in a Year
Joke website inviting Americans to move to Cape Breton if Trump wins election gets 100,000 serious responses
Baby Dolphin killed as tourists yank it out of the ocean to take a selfie
Arabic banner mysteriously appears on Texas building
Australian Birds Of Prey Deliberately Start Bushfires
Boy with no arms or legs told to prove disability
Dolphin Dies Being Passed Around For Selfies
#소액결제현금화 #정보이용료현금화 #모바일상품권매입 #소액결제현금 20% #정보이용료 50%#모바일상품권 20% #휴대폰소액결제 업계최저 수수료 24시문의 010-7540-1107 카톡 suncash79
Dude ignores no-entry barriers, drives his Ranger onto wet cement
"A Message to Our Customers" by Tim Cook.
Leprechaun in Mobile, Alabama
Email Legs found at Summerhill Waste Management Centre belonged to two different people
White Lady with $650K Speaking Fee Wants Black Americans to Know She's Down with Their Struggle
This guy with 15 negatively geared properties is worried changes might cause a housing crash
Legs found at Summerhill Waste Management Centre belonged to two different people
Shotgun-wielding man threatens to kill girlfriend after becoming jealous of breastfeeding infant
An illustrated guide to trolling
Christian radio host arrested for allegedly slapping a woman's butt
Hindu god issued with court summons in east Indian state
'Unauthorised trousers' kill Canadian zoo's otter
WW3: is Saudi Arabia about to invade Syria? Middle East set to explode.
Head of Russian Orthodox church quizzes penguin on Antarctica visit
Pork board swaps 'White Meat' for 'Be Inspired'
Teen accused of posing as doctor also stole checks, authorities say
'Hookers For Hillary' Go All In Before Nevada Caucuses
S.F. 'tech bro' writes open letter to mayor: 'I shouldn't have to see the pain, struggle, and despair of homeless people', 'riff raff'
Police: Florida teen caught playing doctor - again
Cruz-loving End Times pastor uses numerology to prove Obama sacrificed Scalia in pagan ritual
TN sheriff blames Beyonce's Super Bowl halftime show for recent police deaths
Shawna Cox sues US for $666 billion over 'works of devil'
BIALETTI'S ASHES PLACED IN ICONIC MOKA COFFEE POT
Patriarch Kirill strolls among penguins, prays in Orthodox church in Antarctica (VIDEO)
Canadian island welcomes Americans in event of Trump victory
The man who made the Italian coffee pot famous has just been buried in one
Missing a goat? Ottawa spending $250K on tagging, tracing program
Health department threatens Australian bar with fines unless it removes retro tobacco advertising memorabilia. Some is over 120 years old and most is for brands which no longer exist.
Husbands create 7 hours of extra housework a week: study
sing a goat? Ottawa spending $250K on tagging, tracing program
San Francisco tech worker: 'I don't want to see homeless riff-raff'
Van Gogh's bedroom is on Airbnb
Groom killed in celebratory firing during wedding in Uttar Pradesh
Hillsdale Police Release 911 Call After Mailman Attacked By Wild Turkeys
81-year-old Woman Chases, Rams Purse Snatchers
McDonald's tests Chicken McGriddle in Ohio: Report
Russian Orthodox patriarch meets penguins in Antarctica
Prostitution in England could be code-named "pound-for-pound"
Doogie Howser Wannabe Won't Stop Practicing Fake Medicine - Warning: Extremely Florida
Superintendent apologizes after Texas 2nd-grader handcuffed
Report: VA suicide hotline calls went to voicemail
Unauthorized pair of pants kills otter
Utah Bar Owner Turns Away Customers Due to Ethnicity, Doesn't Deny It
Bus driver saves woman from jumping off bridge
Oregon Occupier Countersues For $666 Billion, Citing 'Works Of The Devil" NPR
WA Man's drunken thong swap leads to tragic domino effect of missing thongs
Man, 64, Beaten to Death with Frying Pan at Birthday Party
Oregon Occupier Countersues For $666 Billion, Citing 'Works Of The Devil'
Oregon refuge occupier sues government for $666 billion, blaming 'works of devil'
Tesco is to stop selling curved croissants - because British customers 'prefer spreading jam on straighter ones in a single sweeping motion'
Pakistan ranks third on global executions list with 324 hangings in 2015
Pasta strainer head gear OK for driver's license
Wisconsin Pastafarian allowed to wear spaghetti strainer in drivers license photo.
Insight: Parmesan bonds replace bank loans in Italy's new credit order
Carson City sheriff's log: Argument over Donald Trump leads to assault arrest
Iraqi 'refugees' who left Finland because they didn't like the weather kiss the ground as they return to their home country
Fashion rebel! Blake Lively refuses to uncross her legs as she breaks MAJOR front row rule at Michael Kors NYFW show
TedCruzForAmerica.com links straight to Canada
House gets stuck on Alberta highway
Hungary Central Bank Stockpiles Guns, Bullets Citing Terror Risk
Dolphin dies after being passed around on beach for photographs
Groom killed during wedding celebratory firing in Uttar Pradesh
Parmesan bonds replace bank loans in Italy's new credit order
BTC Кран раздача бесплатных сатош ,заработок без вложений
Plans of Brussels tunnels likely "eaten by mice"
Calgary Zoo blames otter death on pair of pants
Fluoride-free drinking water in Calgary leads to rise in kids' tooth decay, study indicates
Russia's Patriarch Kirill Meets Penguins, Holds Service in Antarctica
Bear approaches group of campers but they have to use sound of their bikes to scare it away when it comes too close for comfort
16 girls get pregnant after boy ejaculates accidentally in swimming pool
Italy's coffee pot king was buried in the appliance that made him famous
Olathe student bitten during fight involving 2 district employee
Oregon Militant Files Lawsuit For $666 Billion Accusing Feds Of 'Works Of The Devil'
Refuge occupier seeks $666 billion in damages 'from works of devil'
Boy with no arms and legs told he must prove he is disabled or his benefits will be stopped
Kentucky bill requires spouse consent to husband's Viagra use @CNNPolitics
Dogs possibly caused Colorado Springs fire trying to sneak hot wings
Pope Francis questions Donald Trump's Christianity
Florida teen accused of impersonating doctor
Freedom 251: India firm launches 'world's cheapest' smartphone
Pigeon-racing enthusiasts guilty of capturing and killing protected hawks
Drunk, knife-wielding monkey reportedly attacks bar patrons
Ted Cruz vows to nix gluten-free meals for military as stand against Pentagon 'political correctness
Boy with no arms and legs told he must prove he is disabled.
Davina the goose has attacked cars and caused traffic delays in Bishop's Waltham
Jessica Alba's Honest Co. Accused of Deceptive Labeling
Calgary Zoo blames death of otter on pair of pants
Search for rogue goose thats causing chaos in Hampshire after losing its mate
San Francisco tech worker: 'I don't want to see homeless riff-raff'. Entrepreneur Justin Keller has declared the homeless are "riff raff" whose "pain, struggle and despair" shouldn't have to be endured by "wealthy" people commuting to work.
gofundme Page for Kayne West Created w/ Goal Set at $53m. Fans contributing from around the globe.
Did Aliens Leave Behind This 2,800-Year-Old Nokia?
Hookers 4 Hillary Offer '30 extra minutes' to Nevada customers who will vote for Clinton
Montana cops surround house, discover family watching The Walking Dead
POPE FRANCIS GOES OFF
LGBT group seeks to buy building that houses anti-gay church
Drunk monkey armed with kitchen knife chases bar patrons
Knife-wielding gorilla photos overblown: Calgary Zoo
Huffington Post editor thinks journalism is only authentic when you don't pay the writer
Calgary Zoo blames death of otter on 'unauthorized' pair of pants
Shkreli: People stole $15M in bitcoin, duped me on Kanye, and bought a vat of lube
What Famous Novels Look Like Stripped of Everything But Punctuation
Rio has given up on its goal to clean up the water in time for the Olympics
There were 17,968 emergency-room visits from 2009-2014 for things stuck in people's rectums
FBI want to use dead suspects' fingerprints to open iPhones
A banner bearing the Arabic expression "Love is for all," touched off a massive security crackdown this week in Lubbock, Texas where city officials shut down traffic and called for an investigation by Homeland Security, the FBI and police.
Otter drowns after zookeepers give him 'unauthorized' pants
Calgary Zoo employees disciplined for giving pants to otter, resulting in its death
Waffle House waitress from Cumming accused of spiking co-worker's drink with meth
Texas woman allegedly caught with 32 grams of meth in her vagina
Between 2009 and 2014, there were an estimated 17,968 emergency room visits for foreign bodies stuck in a rectum
NC man catfished by 'woman', beaten at hotel, taken to hospital by wife | WNCN
Donald Trump: the pope will regret calling me un-Christian when ISIS attacks the Vatican
Woman cons boyfriend with cancer-scare; gets plastic surgery with his money
Man imagines home invasion, charged with drug trafficking: police
Baby dolphin dies as it's passed around for selifes
Winnipeg baby born six weeks early and into toilet on Valentine's Day
Baby dolphin dies being passed around for selfie
Amazing Footage of Sniper Killing ISIS Fighters Turns Out to be a Video Game
Oregon Occupier Sues Government For $666 Billion, Citing 'Works Of The Devil'
Donald Trump in 2013: I like Pope Francis because he's humble, like me
Dumb airline books two strangers into an S&M hotel
Brussels Claims Mice Ate Its Master Road Plans
Syrian Kurdish Women Fighters Release Exotic Lesbian Orgy Video on Pornhub
Saudi Arabia begins defence against the dark arts classes
This Dolphin Died Because Beachgoers Wanted a Selfie
Wisconsin Man Allowed To Wear Colander In License Picture
FBI Can Use Dead Suspects' Fingerprints To Open iPhone -- It Might Be Cops' Best Bet
Best laid plans: mice delay Brussels tunnel repairs by eating construction outlines
Want to Legalize Medical MDMA? Attend a 'Psychedelic Dinner'
Citing his religion, man gets ID photo taken with pasta strainer on his head
Oregon Occupier Countersues U.S. Government for $666,666,666,666.66
Italy's coffee king buried in replica of his famous Moka pot
Philadelphia police department offers job to Kanye West
Police make arrests in 3 Northwest Baltimore car thefts, urge residents to stop leaving keys in ignition
Woman learning to drive runs over own son
Italian court clears groping boss because of immature sense of humor
Cousin Vinny's pizza box prompts Ball State bomb scare
Oregon Occupier Sues Government for $666 Billion Over 'Works of the Devil'
Миша проверяет стиральную машинку перед стиркой.
Vulnerable GOP Senator tweets wrong pic of Scalia
Widow, 92, must return to South Africa after losing deportation battle
Saudi religious police undergo anti-witchcraft course
"We live in a free market society": San Francisco tech founder's rant against the homeless
US 'fake doctor' says he offered alternative medicine
Barack Obama features in Russian anti-smoking ad
McAfee will break iPhone crypto for FBI in 3 weeks or eat shoe on live TV
Brussels Says Mice Ate Its Master Plans for a Tunnel Repair
ISIS declares the US dollar as its official currency
Man kills hawks for preying on his racing pigeons
Teen 'doctor': I never said I was an M.D.
Baby Dolphin Dies After Tourists Pass It Around For Selfies - Yahoo
Ted Cruz vows to defeat 'politically correct' gluten-free meals
Porn Stars Might Have to Wear Safety Goggles from Now on
Hungry mice thwart fix for Brussels' traffic chaos
John Key is sleeping over at the Turnbulls' place tonight
Pyjama diplomacy: Malcolm Turnbull makes up spare bed for Keys
John Key and Malcolm Turnbull's 'pyjama diplomacy'
'World's Fastest Stoner' Finishes Last In Olympic Marathon Trials
Florida teen who pretended to be a doctor is arrested for giving medical exam to undercover cop a year AFTER he posed as a gynecologist
"World's fastest stoner" finished last in Olympic marathon trials
Pastor: The Mexican Government Is Using The Pope As A 'Pawn' To Attack Trump
Tesco bows to demand and will soon only sell straight croissants
Office Goals: Nissan's Self Parking Chair
Furious George: monkey in Brazil drinks rum and chases bar patrons with knife
Donald Trump says Pope Francis being used as 'pawn,' blasts religious leader for questioning his faith
Sanitation worker runs from cops in street sweeper after desecrating religious statue. On duty.
Woman stages striptease to save her car from breakdown truck
Cairo court sentences 4-year-old boy to life in jail for murder
Donald Trump calls Pope Francis 'disgraceful' for questioning his faith
Canadian island welcomes Americans who wish to move if Trump becomes president
Boy with no arms and legs told to prove he is disabled
Bunny Ranch Sex Workers Announce Endorsement Of Hillary Clinton For President!!!
Donate to kids, not Kanye.
Italian mayor bans dying to save burial space
Chamillionaire Applauds J.K. Rowling's Use Of "Ridin"
A study by Maggie Simpson and Edna Krabappel has been accepted by two scientific journals
Testicle eating piranha-like fish may be heading for Britain's rivers
Pair of pants kills otter at Canadian zoo
Baby Dolphin Dies After to Many Selfies
Woman charged in son's death kept body in car for 10 years
Otter drowns after zookeeper dresses it in pants
Driver killed as transformer falls on pickup truck in LA
Coffee tycoon's ashes placed in large coffee pot
McDonald's in South Korea to start selling beer
Man Tries To Trade Kidnapped Baby For 15 Big Macs At Arkansas McDonald's
Cybernetic Third Arm Makes Drummers Even More Annoying
Peet's Barista Allegedly Performed Autopsies At Backlogged Medical Examiner's Office
Florida teen who posed as medical doctor avoids all questions and storms out of first TV interview
TIL Indian people poop on the beach 24/7
Dept. of Labor: Sophia's Pancake House required staff to pay to work
Black Woman Says Cops Forced Her To Spend 8 Days In Psych Ward For Claiming To Own A BMW
'Hookers for Hillary' in Clinton's corner ahead of Nevada caucuses
Pet sitting company sues customer for negative Yelp review
Ghana: 61 killed as bus collides with tomato truck
Accused Oregon refuge occupier cites devil, demands damages from U.S.
Marrero man uses ingenuity, Taco Bell for memorable Valentine's dinner
North Korea planning terror attack on South Korea
Waffle house server accused spiking co-worker's drink with meth
North Korea planning terror attack on South, spy agency says
Hookers 4 Hillary Offers 'Extras' To Nevada Clinton Supporters
Negative Gearing Is For The Average Everyday Battler With Multiple Houses, Morrison Says
Big vacuums could combat 'hairy panic' in Australia city
Endangered baby dolphin dies after swimmers pass it around for selfies
GOP senator: Apple is 'company of choice for terrorists'
Jeb: 'I Should Stop Campaigning Maybe'
Idaho bill calls for Bible in schools for astronomy, biology, geology
Penis-shaped waffle sausages fail to excite at Jonker Walk market
28-Year-Old Model Who Lost Her Leg From Using Tampons Walked at New York Fashion Week
Sarcastic 'Hurt Feelings Report' email sent to parents at one school by mistake
Hancock fight; Man shot with arrow
Invasion of giant tumbleweeds causes clean-up chaos in Wangaratta
Kanye West needs donations to cover his massive debt
Bernie Sanders: Gloria Steinem made me an 'honorary woman'
Rutgers Students Hold Group Therapy Session After Milo Yiannopoulos Visit
Rutgers students smear fake blood on themselves to protest Breitbart's Milo Yiannopoulos
Cops respond to 911 call of neighbors screaming, find family watching 'The Walking Dead'
Police respond to 911 call, find family watching 'The Walking Dead'
Instructor Cancels Classes until Payment is Fulfilled
Leaked Audio Reveals Kanye Also Sounds Like That In Private
Kris Jenner worries Kanye is ruining the Kardashian brand
Anti-Beyoncé Protest Successfully Draws All Three People Who Think That Makes Sense
Bill Cosby Sues Sexual Assault Accuser For Breach Of Despicable Contract
Turkeys terrorize New Jersey town
Jury Finds Gwyneth Paltrow's Stalker To Be The Acceptable Kind Of Insane
Gwen Stefani's Management Under Impression People Want To Know More About Her New Song
Thieves pimp Albuquerque man's ride after stealing it
Free speech demonstration on the concourse halted because students didn't have a permit
Detroit Woman Gives Birth to Her 14th Child from 14 Different Fathers
Gang of wild turkeys trap N.J. mailman in his truck
Calif. judge allows info release on 10M students
Pork spill clogs major artery in Rockbridge County
Rare Dolphin Dies for Mob Selfie
Snake head found in Farmington woman's can of green beans
Kanye West claims to be more influential than Stanley Kubrick or anyone else for the next 1000 years. CNN.com
California rejects plans to force actors to use condoms and goggles
Plano couple sued after giving one star to pet-sitting company on Yelp
New Dating Website Uses Body Odor to Match You With a Mate
Skinny Garlic Parmesan Zoodles
Woman wants '420' tattoo removed from forehead
Garlic gets the girl: Forget aftershave - just eat garlic to attract women, study finds
BJP MP says fashionable for farmers to commit suicide, sparks row
FBI ASKS U2 HOW THEY MANAGED TO GET INTO EVERYONE'S IPHONE
Canadian Island Launches 'Move Here if Trump Wins' Campaign to Americans
Twitter Banning People Against Pedophiles?
California safety board rejects condom requirement for porn films
Buildings on local base still look like swastika - CBS News 8 - San Diego, CA
Mods are asleep, post pictures of onions
KY bill to require note from wife for Viagra prescriptions
After Tourists Clicked Selfies With The Dead Blue Whale, It Finally Gets A Respectful Burial!
The sidebar on CNN's website today
Zoo staff disciplined after 'unauthorized' pants kill Calgary otter
Tiny Dolphin Dies On Beach As Tourists Pass It Around For Selfies
Ashes of Italian coffee tycoon placed in a huge coffee pot at his funeral
Kanye West declares war on The Pirate Bay
This is not an onion. This is a banana.
Testicle-eating fish 'on its way to the UK'
Pretty sure this is an onion.
California rejects plan to force porn actors to wear condoms, dental dams and goggles
Tumbleweed plants takeover Wangaratta and block residents homes
Anonymous Hacker Gets Lost At Sea, Rescued, Then Arrested
ZIMBABWE POLITICIANS ARGUE OVER UNDERWEAR THEFT
Tiny dolphin killed by crowd of beachgoers for selfie in Argentina
Drunken monkey armed with a knife downs a glass of rum, chases drinkers away from bar
Chandak Paloma | Goregaon East
'World's Fastest Stoner' qualifies for Olympic marathon trials, finishes in last
The 15 Hottest Nicki Minaj Pictures of All Time
Shia LaBeouf occupies lift before talk at Oxford Union
Iranian state TV accidentally airs Medal of Honor footage
Jake Johnson Talks Megan Fox and Damon Wayans Jr. Dating Rumors
Family Business Sells Bottled Air To China. The De Watts family says they are not ripping people off when they sell air to residents of China's polluted cities for £80 a jar.
Texas couple accused of waterboarding teenage boy
seedboxes Rеаl Girls Fоr Rеаl Sеeex!
Capt Clay Higgins is back with another message: "Merica'."
OAP in wheelchair punches attempted thief in the nose
Chandak Paloma | Goregaon | Rates | Posssession | call : 8879274973 / 99...
Hot, skinny people are ditching salads for 'power bowls'
Video of Iranian sniper killing six Isis members in two minutes is footage from the video game, Medal of Honor.
Knife-wielding monkey terrorizes Brazilian bar after guzzling some rum
Fan Starts Go Fund Me to get Kanye West out of debt.
FILMS HIS OWN CRIME Cops Say, 'Thanks'
Volkswagen sold more sausages than cars in 2015
BBC to make fakery prevention training mandatory
Sex with animals remains banned in Germany
Italian 'coffee king' buried in giant espresso pot
The Latest: Board Rejects Condom Requirement for Porn Films
Toronto residents fed up with stench of Lush cosmetics factory
Shia LaBeouf is spending 24 hours in an elevator in Oxford University
Idyllic Italian town to ban tourists after being swamped by millions of visitors
Philadelphia Police Department to Kanye West: We're Hiring
Lord Coe ready to ban Kenyan athletes from Olympics
Elementary school sends parents sarcastic 'hurt feelings report' for 'whiners'
School emails 'hurt feelings' form to parents
Mice 'ate' masterplans to solve Brussels traffic chaos, officials claim
Man given two weeks to live after taking popular weight-loss product purchased online
Rutgers university students hold group therapy session following encounter with an actual conservative
Conspiracy Theorists Say Republican Party Did Not Die from Natural Causes
Women can't ask for divorce without husband's consent, rules CII
Cops Refuse to Work Beyoncé Concerts Because Speaking Out Against Killer Cops is 'Anti-Police'
Senate passes bill to keep names of Virginia police, deputies a secret By Patrick Wilson The Virginian-Pilot Feb 15, 2016
David Cameron Blocks Compulsory Sex Education in UK Schools
Gujarat village bans mobile phones for unmarried women
Dolphin manhandled to death by beachgoers taking selfies Published February 18, 2016Fox News Latino
Bristol Palin: "All Black Actors Look The Same, How Can We Choose One To Get The Oscar?"
Nick Powell played Fifa instead of watching Manchester United lose to Midtjylland
Virginia Virginia bill would keep the names of police officers from public Published February 19, 2016 FoxNews.com
Kenya: Lions on the loose after escaping from Nairobi park
'Feminist' 'Aborts Baby Because It's A Boy' And Is Surprised By Backlash
Woman says her belly button was removed by mistake
'Eat' water, don't drink it - experts
NJ man kills mom 2 days after finishing 30-year murder sentence
Turkeys, Running Amok, Are a Success Story in New Jersey
Presidential Hopeful Hillary Clinton Meets with Prominent World Leader, Britney Spears
Beautiful women prone to becoming possessed by evil spirits
Linux founder not a 'people person'
Kendall and Kylie Jenner mobile game débuts at No. 1
Here's Why You Don't Shine a Laser At a Police Helicopter
Egypt sentences 4-year-old to life in prison for murder
New Jersey man completes 30-year murder sentence only to kill mother two days later
Political Miami police to boycott Beyoncé concert over controversial Super Bowl performance By Blanche JohnsonPublished February 19, 2016FoxNews.com
The Yankees don't want their richest fans to have to sit next to poorer fans
Shia LaBeouf Is Spending 24 Hours in an Elevator
Planned Avalanche Buries Russian Town, No Warning to Residents
FBI vs Apple Regarding Locked iPhone
After branding Trump 'not Christian' for his plans to build a wall on the Mexican border the Pope heads home to Vatican City... which is surrounded by a wall
Bernie's brother: Media can't decide if Clinton is 'terrible rapist' or 'nice rapist'
The Americas House gets stuck on train tracks Published February 19, 2016 FoxNews.com
My introduction to Wall Street client entertainment as a first year investment banker
Working class children must learn to be middle class to get on in life, government advisor says
20-Year-Old Graduate Student Sues New York Attorney General Over Drinking Age
Member of German Left Youth Party Apologizes to Refugees on Facebook After Alleged Sexual Assault by Migrant
Girl hit for asking more of mid-day meal, father killed for protesting
Obama has a soft spot for homosexuals because of the years he spent as a male prostitute in his twenties
Bicyclist injured in hit-and-run after memorial for teen killed in bike crash
Charred Shallots With Labneh and Pita
Pope tells Trump building walls 'not Christian' on way back to walled-in Vatican
'Selfie Mob' Kills Rare Baby Dolphin
Tesco Eliminates Curved Croissants, Says Too Tough to Spread Jam
Delaware school accidentally sends out fake bullying report form for whiners
Sex with animals remains banned in Germany as legal bid fails
German mayor blasts far-right, reveals porn browsing
Two Franciscana dolphins were ripped from the waves near an Argentinan resort last week, then manhandled to shore, where they were passed around a clutching mob seeking cute selfie moments.
Baby Dolphin Dies After Tourists Pass It Around For Selfies
4-year-old jailed for life over murder in Egypt
Ted Cruz has yet to deny that he's the Zodiac Killer
Panic as lions on the loose in Kenyan capital
SEE IT: Drunken monkey threatens locals in bar in Brazil with giant knife after drinking potent rum
'I am a crybaby': Delaware school accidentally sends out fake bullying report form for 'whiners'
Baby dolphin dies after people take selfies
Buy This 'Ted Cruz Was the Zodiac Killer' Shirt and Fund Abortions
Four-year-old sentenced to life in prison for murder in Egypt
Teen arrested after allegedly posing as a gynecologist
Schoolwork places strain on student activists
A YMCA Actually Forced Black Campers to Play Slaves in a Reenactment
Prisoner Avoids Death Row by Inseminating Herself With Fellow Inmate's Sperm
Prisoner in Vietnam Avoids Death Row After Fellow Inmate Helps Impregnate Her
Teenager opens his own medical clinic masquerading as a doctor, "examines" undercover cop
Knife-wielding monkey terrorizes men at Brazilian bar after guzzling some rum
Florida Teen Pretends To Be Licensed Doctor, Performs Exams In Own Medical Office
Soldier to become first person in US to have penis transplant
Homeopathy found to be effective for 0 out of 68 illnesses
Ted Cruz suggests Phil Robertson for U.N. ambassador
Man Arrested After Burrowing Hole in Snow Drift to Evade Police
Homeopathy effective for 0 out of 68 illnesses, study finds
Matt Duffy's fat cat Skeeter in 'the best shape of his life' entering spring training
Former Oregon Militia Occupier is Attempting to Sue U.S. Government for $666 Billion Because it's the Devil
Boy, then-2, gets life for 2014 killing spree: Report
Ohio Girls High School Basketball Team Loses 108-1
Men say staff at SLC bar told them they 'can't serve Polynesians'
.S. says meeting for Syria cease-fire delayed, not canceled as Russia claims
Egypt Sentenced A Four-Year-Old To Life In Prison For Murder
Obama jokes he'll gloat over Stanley Cup; Trudeau tweets back
Michigan woman breaks World Record, for having 14 children with 14 different partners.
Knife-wielding monkey on bar roof terrifies locals in Brazil
Donald Trump is 'not Christian': Who is Pope Francis to judge?
I-25, light rail closed over fears that Ikea sign will blow down
Waffle House Waitress Accused of Spiking Co-worker's Drink With Meth
Monkey drinks glass of rum and holds bar patrons at knifepoint.
Soccer player murders ref after receiving red [penalty] card.
'I'm guilty,' says man accused of killing mom two days after release from prison
Oldest tree in America cut down for a parking lot.
Testicle-eating 'ball-cutter' fish could be heading for UK after being spotted in France
Ted Cruz vows to defeat 'politically correct' gluten-free meals in military
Afghanistan's Lonely Hearts Call 'Emergency'
Soccer ref shot and killed by player over red [penalty] card
Cable companies: The FCC may force us to make your life more difficult
Testicle-eating 'Nut Cracker' fish with human-like teeth could be heading for UK rivers
Trump triumphs over the Pope: Francis backs down over 'not Christian' claim as Vatican says it was not a 'personal attack' or attempt to influence presidential vote
"Hairy Panic" takes over Australia
Ted Cruz Pitches Phil Robertson For UN Post
Indian man possibly first human in modern history killed by meteorite
Indonesian city warns residents against celebrating Valentine's Day
Selfie summit: Japan launches free Wi-Fi on Mount Fuji
Teen arrested for posing as gynecologist
A drunk monkey somehow got a hold of a butcher knife. This is not a drill.
The URL for Trump's Mom redirects to Jeb
Donald Trump calls for boycott on Apple ... while tweeting from iPhone
Koch brother praises Bernie Sanders; hell begins freezing over
Schoolwork, advocacy place strain on student activists
Scores Of Dismembered Corpses Found Inside Drain Pipes At Colombian Jails
Kanye West Less Influential Than Taylor Swift, Says Nielsen Study
John McAfee says he'll decrypt the San Bernardino iPhone for free with his team of super hackers.
Woman Wants her Pythons Recognized as Emotional Support Animals
TN sheriff blames Beyonce for shooting outside his home
Colombia Is Investigating Whether 100 Bodies Were Stuffed in a Prison Sewer
Dismembered corpses of at least 100 may be in sewers under Colombian prison
Woman hoping to change Council Bluffs code, allowing her to keep pythons for therapy
St. Louis Archdiocese cutting ties with Girl Scouts
Wealthy entrepreneur demands homeless 'riff raff' be removed from his sight
Cruz, Carson Held Secret Meeting About Dirty Tricks in a Closet
Do college football games cause rape? Three researchers say yes
Pro-Cruz pastor uses numerology to prove Obama sacrificed Scalia in Pagan ritual
Charles Koch agrees with Bernie Sanders on income inequality Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2016/02/bernie-sanders-charles-koch-219491#ixzz40ecRUisu
Judge Orders 50 Cent to Bankruptcy Court Over Instagram Photos
'Trust Us With More Data,' Say Government Agencies Hacked By A 16-Year-Old
Loser Pope takes on Donald Trump, suffers massive humiliation, slinks off to Vatican
Charge: Rapist tried to pimp Seattle cop
Emma Watson taking a year off acting to focus on feminism
Ted Cruz Suggests Phil Robertson As UN Ambassador
B.C. Human Rights Tribunal accepts condo language complaint
St. Louis archbishop suggests cutting ties with Girl Scouts
Will.i.am wants to create virtual human
Nigeria: Top lawyer Rickey Tarfa appears in court with 90 legal representatives
Police surround Montana house, find family watching 'The Walking Dead'
'Grand Theft Auto' in VR might be too real
Report: Cruz, Carson met secretly in storage closet to discuss feud
Donald Trump Forgives The Pope: "He Just Got Carried Away" After Hearing Mexican Side Of The Story
Fighting Truancy Among India's Teachers, With a Pistol and a Stick
Branded Brexit condoms urge users to pull out of Europe
FBI asks U2 how they got into everybody's cell phone
Ted Cruz Suggests 'Duck Dynasty' Star Phil Robertson as UN Ambassador
Emma Watson to take a year off acting to focus on feminism
German mayor's Facebook screenshot reveals he was looking at porn
Bruce Jenner: Being Transgender in Hollywood Easier Than Being Republican
Brutally wounded man climbs out of grave to avenge his son's death
Baby dolphin dies after being passed around for selfies
Donald Trump calls for boycott of Apple... while tweeting from an iPhone
Smoking Barack Obama poster appears in Russia, claims 'smoking kills more people than Obama'
Trump calls for Apple boycott amid FBI feud - then sends tweets from iPhone
Locked on a bus with a murder suspect: GO passenger questions safety of police takedown
Donald Trump says we should boycott Apple, in a tweet sent from his iPhone...
Does the Holocaust Discount Jewish White Privilege?
Donald Trump Calls for Apple Boycott While Tweeting With an iPhone
Knife-wielding monkey terrorizes Brazilian bar after guzzling rum
Hillary Clinton: 'I Don't Believe' I Have Ever Lied
Opposition MPs let off tear gas in Kosovo parliament again
Kimbo Slice wants to compare size of his testicles with Bellator opponent
Here's why some people think Ted Cruz is the Zodiac killer
Opposition MPs let off tear gas in Kosovo parliament
Montreal Canadiens poised to reach peak sadness this season
Donald Trump calls for a boycott against Apple while tweeting from his iPhone
50 Cent must explain to court why he's declaring bankruptcy, despite posting pictures of himself surrounded by cash
Baby dolphin dies after tourists rip it from the ocean for selfies
Trump tells story about Muslims being shot with bullets dipped in pig's blood
The Latest: Trump defends waterboarding with pig blood tale
Shia LaBeouf Spending 24 Hours In Elevator, But He's Still No Criss Angel, Mindfreak
Miami Cops To Boycott Beyoncé Concert Due To Hurt Feelings, Misunderstanding Of Their Job
Manny Pacquiao Still Loves Nike, But Not In A Gay Way
United States of America v. Cliven D. Bundy
Venezuelans face a 6000% hike in gasoline price
Whataburger informs Kanye via Twitter that this is what happens when you lack Whataburger in your life
AMC Theatres Being Sued for Discrimination Against the Blind
Mayor stops watching BDSM porn to defend Constitution
Donald Trump Certain He Would Defeat President Obama in Round of Golf
Donald Trump says he would beat President Obama in golf
Trump cites story of general who dipped bullets in pigs' blood to deter Muslims
Hecklers Tried To Perform Exorcism On Ted Cruz
Knife-wielding monkey goes on rum-fueled rampage through Brazilian bar
Zoo blames death of otter on "unauthorized" pair of pants
PU Student Buys iPhone for Rs. 68 Only on SnapDeal - WorthStory
Man rides 'walking unicycle' made with wooden legs
Mobile phones banned for unmarried women in Indian village
Ohio 18-year-old faces charges for impersonating senator
John McAfee vows he can break iPhone encryption, promises to eat his shoe on live TV if he can't
St. Louis archbishop urges cutting ties with Girl Scouts
Washington state employee fired for watching hours of porn at work
Virginia Wendy's manager bitten by 'hangry' customer
This penis tree took 3 years of hard work to pull off
Environment Agency inspection of "eroding" Canvey beach foiled by tide coming in
Man who exposed himself 9 times over 11 years may go to group home
Boy, 4, sentenced to life in prison for four 'murders' he is accused of committing aged one
Winnipeg nightclub patrons take aim at Donald Trump urinal
St. John's naked shoveller puts a ring on it
Medal of Honor Footage Used by Iranian State TV for ISIS Raid Report
Shia LaBeouf: Actor Launches Livestream of Himself in England Elevator for 24 Hours
Dolphin calf dies after tourists use it for selfies
Video: Woman pulls over police officer, accuses him of speeding
Debunked: The ace Hezbollah sniper...is from a video game
4 year old child sentenced to life in prison.
Trump recounts Pershing urban legend, seemingly endorsing mass executions
In London, buses run slower than chickens
Church warns gay conversion bill 'will affirm superior status of homosexuals'
Trans beauty queen was stripped of crown for 'not being transgender enough'
Kenya is in danger of being kicked out of the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro
TURKISH GOVERNMENT: WE CAN OCCUPY RUSSIA IN SEVEN DAYS
Thieves steal $50K worth of hair weaves from Euclid beauty salon
A woman has been released from prison because she is a "spermaholic".
Ted Cruz lashes out at 'politically correct' gluten-free military meals
British Retailer's Straight Croissants Leave Some Bent Out of Shape
Free best sex chat!!! (girls 7494)
Trump, whose tweets come via iPhone, calls for boycott of Apple
Community rallies after Northeast Ohio College Prep girls basketball's 107-point loss
Ted Cruz promises the military won't offer 'gluten-free' meals under his watch
Ted Cruz panders to the Bundy crowd in Nevada, promising to return federal land in Nevada "back" to the state
Winner of national transgender beauty pageant stripped of her title because she was 'not transgender enough'
Hulu CEO says there isn't too much TV, just too much "crappy" TV
Ukraine wants to criminalize calling Russia 'Russia'
Missing man solves his own missing persons case by rememebering who he is.
Transgender beauty queen stripped of her title because she is 'not transgender enough'
U.S. government declares hoverboards unsafe
Germany Says 'Nein' to Sex With Animals
German Court Rules Sex With Animals Still Illegal
Drunk monkey threatens everyone in bar with kitchen knife
Monkey walks into bar, downs rum, threatens people with a knife
John McAfee says team of stoners will break into terrorists' iPhone
Pageant winner loses crown for not being 'transgender enough'
Man kills self after seeing hospital bill
Trump hails torture, mass killings with 'pigs blood' ammo in SC
Collapse of Canadiens very Leaf-like
Scientists announce fish have feelings
'Broke' 50 Cent ordered to court after flashing cash online
Not Clickhole: Watch A Little Girl's Heart Break When She Learns Obama Won't Be President Forever
Winner of transgender beauty pageant stripped of her title because she was 'not transgender enough'
Donald Trump Cites Bullets Dipped in Pig's Blood as Terrorism Deterrent
Argument over merits of strip clubs in Ohio and Florida leads to shooting in Cleveland
'Space Bear' Confirmed as 'Star Wars: Episode VIII's' Working Title
America Is Now Fighting A Proxy War With Itself In Syria - BuzzFeed News
Former Dem official: 'Go f--- yourself, Bernie'
Testicle Eating Nightmare Fish Are Sparking Fears in England
Suspects in teen's slaying ask to be followed on Twitter in court
Brown University Students Whine: My Homework Is Interfering With My Social-Justice Activism
Buzzfeed Canada is Looking for Writers, White Males Need Not Apply
Murder Suspects Ask Court To Follow Them On Snapchat
French tourists who peed out car window given police warnings
Homeopathy successfully turns water into a placebo
Texas woman accused of waterboarding her mentally disabled son
Donald Trump says he would beat Barack Obama in a round of golf
U.S. football fans urge CFL to play in St. Louis
The emperor's political clothes: A modern parable
Trump wants you to boycott Apple - but he's still tweeting from an iPhone
Winner of transgender beauty competition stripped of title because she is 'not transgender enough'
Officials: Young Man Poses as Ohio Lawmaker, Tours School
Two Naked Mole Rats, Seemingly Immune to Cancer, Got Cancer
Video that Iranian state TV claimed showed a sniper shooting six ISIS soldiers dead is in fact game play from Medal of Honor
Iranian TV footage showing sniper killing six Isis fighters turns out to be clip from Medal of Honour video game
AMC Theatres Sued for Discriminating Against the Blind
Consider the Pothead: I Smoked Weed out of 'Infinite Jest'
Strangers Dancing And Talking While Sober is the Hot New Party Trend
Most read Live feeds What's on News Politics Football Sport Celebs In Your Area TRENDINGCELTIC FCRANGERS FC Property Business Motoring Travel Lifestyle Home News UK & World Winner of transgender beauty competition stripped of title because she is 'not transgender enough'
6 Teens Commit Suicide After Zayn Malik Leaves One Direction!
Rum-Drunk Monkey Wields Butcher Knife
Knife-Wielding, Rum-Guzzling Monkey In Rooftop Standoff In Brazil
South Florida schools receive record number of F's
Yelp Employer fires employee for poor review of yelp
Women sellers on eBay get paid less than men
Nestle Waters' CEO will 'absolutely not' stop bottling water in California - 'In fact, if I could, I'd increase it'
Utah Woman Finds Severed Snake Head in Can of Green Beans
[Meta] NOT A Dating WebSite! HEY! EBI GUSEY! 80ffW
NYC Sanitation workers dump 8300.00 worth of fresh produce into garbage truck in front of Chinatown produce store due to "unlicensed vending and sidewalk obsruction".
Jumping Donkey Leaps to Fame in Egyptian Village
Black Lives Matter meetings run afoul of library's policy
German mayor tries to cite constitution, accidentally reveals his porn habits
Spanish civil servant takes six years off work. No-one notices
Charles Koch: This is the one issue where Bernie Sanders is right
Two more babies stricken with herpes after ritual ultra-orthodox Jewish oral blood sucking circumcision in New York City
Ted Cruz and Ben Carson Held a Secret Meeting Inside a Closet
Why did two presidential candidates walk into a closet together?
Hillary has beaten Bernie 7 out of 7 tiebreakers; 6 coin tosses, 1 high card.
British pupils ordered to 'Convert to Islam' for bizarre homework assignment
World's safest dad killed in workplace accident.
NASA Reveals Astronauts Heard Unexplained Music At The Moon
Blake Lively refuses to uncross legs at Michael Kors New York Fashion Week show, reports say
Blake Lively refuses to uncross legs, causes fashion show uproar
Egyptian writer Ahmed Naji sentenced to two years for 'sexually explicit text'.
North Korea Called South Korea's President An 'Old Insane Bitch'
Miss Transgender UK stripped of title because she was "not transgender enough"
[Meta] NOT A Dating WebSite! HEY! EBI GUSEY! bJuLoqnfm5lHg
Four-year-old Egyptian boy is sentenced to life in jail for committing four 'murders' when he was just ONE
Therapist helped juveniles escape Ramsey County facility, charges say
Man tries to trade kidnapped baby for 15 Big Macs
[Meta] NOT A Dating WebSite! HEY! enEvDowSVGtP0
Controversy as boy aged 4 is sentenced to life in prison for murder when he was just 2
Dolphin dies because beachgoers wanted to take selfies with it, organization says
'Talk Bernie to me': Dating site caters to singles who 'feel the Bern'
Donald Trump Endorses Killing Terrorists With Bullets Dipped in Pigs' Blood
B.C. man Patrick Fox aims to 'destroy' ex-wife with revenge website
Canada's Cape Breton Will Welcome American Refugees Fleeing President Trump
Four-year old Egyptian boy sentenced to life in prison - for crimes he was accused of committing as a one-year old
Metro Transit mechanic charged with stealing unattended bus to get to work
War zone pranksters drop fake bomb on unsuspecting soldier
Baby dolphin dies after swimmers pass it around for selfies
Newark TSA agent caught swiping $1K watch from passenger's bag, cops say
Cell phones banned for single women in Indian village
Don't miss the beginning of the success.
Bridge section collapses during demolition work
US Marines Annihilate School Children In Nerf Battle
Good-looking people happier with life after thinking about how attractive they are, study finds | Lifestyle
Heroin, Oxy, Adderall or Meth - None of these Drugs Cause Addiction
'Affluenza' teen Ethan Couch allowed to watch videos in jail - but only Richard Simmons workout tapes
Man crafts huge 18ft PENIS-shaped tree in front garden in bid to make people laugh
Myanmar's Government Hints About Closure of State-Run TV Are Merely an Odd Hoax
Sex offender returns to prison for trying to pick up kids in stolen school bus
Anti-Israel crowd at the University of Chicago disrupt lecture delivered by Palestinian human rights activist
Beijing plans ventilation corridors to blow away smog
Transgender Beauty Queen Loses Title After Being Deemed 'Not Transgender Enough'
Best Price for Flights ,Hotels and transfe. Price Comparison- Online booking.
An Open Letter To My CEO
Naked Judge loses credibility
Outrage as boy, 4, is sentenced to life in PRISON for four 'murders' he is accused of committing aged one
Boy, 4, jailed for life over four 'murders' committed when he was one
BERNIE: My close loss in Nevada shows I 'can win anywhere'
Glenn Beck Responds to South Carolina Primary Results: 'Join Me' in a 'Fast for Ted Cruz'
World famous ancient Siberian Venus figurines 'are NOT Venuses after all'
Woman chops off brother-in-law's genitals during rape attempt in Madhya Pradesh
On Location of Very Hot Love Making lady HD=-2016
ISIS tries to turn Beliebers into believers using Justin Beiber to spread hate messages
Cambodia builds $40,000 lakeside toilet for Thai princess's visit - and plans to demolish it when she leaves
German schoolboy makes freedom of information request asking government to release exam papers
Woman in coma after alleged Craigslist roommate attack
Banning homosexuality fosters hate crime and homophobia, says UN report
Please stop smoking weed while dropping off your kids, primary school pleads in letter home to parents
Kanye West breaks up paparazzi fight by giving photographer a hug
Minn. man tried to shoot wife as she breastfed their baby because he was jealous
Ethan from H3H3Productions auctions his Beanie on eBay. Bid crosses $150,000
Man steals city bus because he is late for work.
Cumbrian couple invent their own time zone: 'It's for people who are in charge of their own destiny'
With so many homeless caught up in the criminal justice system, New Orleans holds court at a shelter
Young man poses as Ohio lawmaker, tours school
Drunk knife-wielding monkey attacks Brazil bar
Youtuber h3h3productions is trying to selling his beanie for $1,000,000 (currently at $151,000)
Working Man Claims State Of Louisiana As A Dependent On Tax Return
Youtuber h3h3productions is trying to sell his beanie currently at 1000000 dollars
Thai police arrest Russian 'zombies' at Pattaya restaurant
A throne of her own: $40,000 toilet built for Thai royal's visit to Cambodia
Robbery suspect with meat cleaver thwarted by victim with rubber mallet, cops say Read More: Robbery suspect with meat cleaver thwarted by victim with rubber mallet, cops say | http://nj1015.com/robbery-suspect-with-meat-cleaver-thwarted-by-store-owner-with-rubber-mallet-cops-say/?trackback=tsmclip
Photo Galleries I'll take Bummer for $400: Canadians no longer allowed on Jeopardy
Robbery suspect with meat cleaver thwarted by victim with rubber mallet, cops say
Beloved 90-Year-Old Hollywood Legend Stumps for Sanders 'Because I Like to Help Aspiring Young People...Like Bernie'
I'll take Bummer for $400: Canadians no longer allowed on Jeopardy
Minnesota mom says husband tried to shoot her with a shotgun as she breastfed because he was upset about time she spent with baby
Trump on Iraq comments: 'Who knows what was in my head?'
Rape of woman in skinny jeans 'not possible'
America Is Now Fighting A Proxy War With Itself In Syria
How Tiny Turtles and a Baby Jesus Ended Up in Jeb Bush's Pocket
18 year old poses as State Senator, no one notices.
Host Literally Can't See John Cena
Teen impersonates State Senator and no one notices.
Coke and Pepsi trying to rehabilitate soda's cheap image by marketing expensive soda to hipsters
The Constitution matters: The Supreme Court and the balance of power
BBC weather presenter faints live on air, apologises first
You're not guilty of rape: Those skinny jeans were too tight to remove by yourself, jury rules
How a Mississippi bounce concert was shut down over anticipated twerking
Queensferry Crossing tower raises toilet to new heights
Apple iPhones to Walmart benefits: The latest in legal news
Salisbury Cathedral sculpture moved because texters kept walking into it
Man tried to shoot wife as she breastfed because he was jealous of baby
'Star Wars'-Themed Church Service to Highlight 'Parallels'
Black Lives Matter Cries 'White Supremacy' after Holding 'Color-Only' Meetings at Library
Former man runs for election as NUS Women's Officer.
400-pound woman survives sexual assault by herd of manatees
Suspect in Kalamazoo rampage was Uber driver, dropped off passengers between shootings
Italian woman hitchhikes through the Middle East to promote peace, and dispell the notion that Muslims aren't peaceful. Gets raped and murdered in Turkey
Glenn Beck is Fasting for Ted Cruz
Source: Kalamazoo Uber driver picked up fares between killings
Paedo dance teacher to host major contest for more than 1,000 kids in the UK
Cambridge college's bronze cockerel must go back to Nigeria, students say
Oil is now so cheap even pirates aren't stealing it any more
Don Mattingly's Marlins Take A Lesson From Mr. Burns And Ban Facial Hair
Black Lives Matter says 'white supremacy' to blame for meeting change
Shia LaBeouf Complies with Request to Punch a Fan in His Face
Silvio Berlusconi claims Milan's Mario Balotelli 'has taken too much sun'
Ex-arm wrestling champion, 76, fights off mugger
Bacon spill closes interstate I-64 for 9 hours in Virginia
North Korea Called South Korea's President An 'Old Insane B***h'
North Korea calls South Korean president an 'insane b---h'
Pasco couple want return of capuchin monkeys they treat as their 'children'
The not so frugal financial advice Madoff never followed
Neurosurgeon Ben Carson called Muslims "schizophrenic" for loving Islam and American values.
Strip club dancer arrested for bank robbery twice in month
Isis using Justin Bieber to trick Twitter users into watching execution videos
Medical records reveal Adolf Hitler had deformed micro-penis
Crowd CHEERS as Germany migrant hostel is burned out - and even try to stop firefighters battling the blaze
Egyptian 4-year-old sentenced to life for murder
How We Turned Into a Binge Watch Society
NASCAR Reporter Walks Right Past Confused John Cena, Smacks Him in Face With Ponytail, During Daytona 500 Coverage
Is Katy Perry actually JonBenét Ramsey?
Iraqis Celebrate as Threat of Third Bush Presidency is Over
Watch Drake Perform "Hotline Bling" at a Bat Mitzvah
Father cries injustice as 4-year-old son convicted of sabotage, rioting
Conservatives Think Kalamazoo Shooter Is A 'Progressive' Because He Used To Work There
Muslim Migrant Takes "Don't Rape" Class, Rapes Woman
Nguyên nhân và triệu chứng bệnh xơ vữa động mạch
Police: Kalamazoo mass shooting suspect was Uber driver; Dropped off riders in the middle of rampage.
St. Louis archbishop seeks to cut ties with Girl Scouts
Ivy League crybullies vs. survivor of a Soviet labor camp; guess who needs 'emotional support'?
16 Girls Got Pregnant After A Boy Ejaculated In A Swimming Pool
Ted Cruz suggests Duck Dynasty star Phil Robertson for UN ambassador
Woman wakes up after surgery, discovers her belly button is gone
Rubio super PAC compares him to Harry Potter
Trump on 2002 Iraq support: 'Who knows what was in my head'
Kalamazoo Uber driver picked up fares between killings, source says
Powerful Photo Series Shows How Bad People Are at Photoshop in 19 Countries
Bestiality Ban Is 'Legitimate,' German Court Rules
Massachusetts plans rattlesnake colony on uninhabited island
Truthers Think Gravity Waves Are A Hoax To Convince Us The World Is Round
Emma Watson taking a year off to focus on feminism
Want to vote in this state? You have to have a passport or dig up a birth certificate
Omaha woman who was bitten by tiger arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct.
Call me Mr Cheeseburger: record number of people change their name by deed poll
Airline accidentally books delayed passengers into S&M hotel
Woman in penis-slicing case makes U-turn on plea
Rattlesnakes to get their own island in New england
Canadians Left With Questions After Being Barred From 'Jeopardy!'
El Chapo a family man being 'slowly tortured' in prison, says wife in first TV interview
Selfie deaths are now more common than shark attacks
The Game Got Australia And New Zealand Confused And Missed His Appearance At Ragamuffin Festival
Shia LaBeouf Slaps Fan During Elevator Art Stint
Shia LaBeouf slaps fan in the face
Kiev police fine 'Osama bin Laden' for stopping near US embassy
Missing radioactive material found intact at Basra gas station
Israeli winner of Berlin Film Festival calls Israeli state 'fascist'
Israeli winner of Berlin Film Festival brands Netanyahu government 'fascist'
Girl scout sells cookies outside Portland pot shop: 'It's not against the rules'
Sex tourists who pay for prostitutes abroad 'should face prosecution in UK'
The Walking Dead actor Tyler James Williams bitten by a fan
Leonardo DiCaprio's Russian doppelganger gets his own TV show
California rejects condom requirement for porn stars
Supermarket bans 'curvy' croissants
cbc masthead logo British Columbia LIVEVancouverMore Streams CBC Radio One Listen Live host picture HomeWorldCanadaPoliticsBusinessHealthArts & EntertainmentTechnology & ScienceTrendingWeather Video CanadaBC Photo Galleries Robert Pickton book written by the killer for sale on Amazon
Robert Pickton book written by the killer for sale on Amazon
Cops are asking Ancestry.com and 23andMe for their customers' DNA
Volkswagen's Sausages Sell Better Than Its Cars
Saudi Prince: Muslim nations must lead counter terror
50 Cent ordered back into bankruptcy court after flashing cash on Instagram
Jerusalem hotel leap year deal: 'Make babies in our hotel, win NIS 400,000'
Australia to sack hundreds of climate change scientists because it has learnt everything it needs to about basic global warming science
Doctor came home to find Metro in his yard
Australia Won't Get Nerf's Awesome New Rival Blasters.
Volkswagen Sold More Currywurst Than Cars in 2015
Fire levels house across the street from Thorndike fire station
POLITICS Trump: We Should Kill Muslims With Bullets Dipped In Pig's Blood
Snake Head Found In Can of Green Beans
On July 4, 1776, George Washington Bought A Broom
Saudi Arabia offers cash prizes to tackle obesity crisis
Tesco to stop selling curved croissants to simplify spreading of jam
Japan Olympic teams to train in nuclear clean-up zone
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas Hasn't Asked a Question in a Decade
Reports of Subway Sex Crimes Are on the Rise in New York City
Brighton Food Store Targeted By Pickup Artists
Australian Rescue Helicopter grounded at scene due to being attacked and headbutted by a goat
Goat rams, grounds Motor Accident Commission rescue chopper
Life in Penistone: Not as hard as you'd think
UW-Whitewater Chancellor Reprimands Students After Mistaking Skincare Product For Blackface
Ted Cruz Thinks Homophobic "Duck Dynasty" Star Phil Robertson Should Be UN Ambassador
UW-Whitewater students say 'blackface' photo was really facial treatment
Eating chocolate 'improves brain function' - study
Hitler's embarassing secret out, medical records throw light on his sex life
Cheese on garlic knots sparks brawl at pizzeria in Flagler County
Phoenix Suns are giving free data to Verizon customers when they buy a ticket to a game to lure fans.
'Stop' a four-letter word for French drivers, traffic camera's debut reveals
Cheesy garlic knots spat sparks brawl at Palm Coast pizza shop
Why Dressing for Success Leads to Success
The name of the girl who attacked the Uber driver has been registered as a domain just to rip on her.
Blind Black Man is a White Supremacist
Hitler 'had tiny deformed penis' as well as just one testicle, historians claim
Footballer tells jury that googling 'age of consent' was unrelated to school girl incident
USPS Says Sorry for Bloody Mail
Adam Johnson tells jury 'age of consent' search unrelated to schoolgirl encounter
Concert Shut Down Over Anticipated Twerking in Mississippi
Feminists want to ban sex robots 'because they're like prostitutes'
Archery company sues LARPer over patents, then files gag motion to silence him
Gozo Bishop to lead penitential pilgrimage to pray for rain
Sam Pepper quits Twitter, makes his YouTube content private
Donald Trump calls for Apple boycott over FBI standoff - while tweeting from iPhone
Mastercard to start using selfies as ID for online payments
Police: Man pretends to be store manager in Saugerties, arrested three days in a row
Local New Hampshire Politician and Trump Supporter Calls Pope Francis the Anti-Christ
Brawl Breaks Out Over Garlic Knots at Florida Pizzeria
Hitler had a micropenis
New Hampshire state Rep.: 'The Pope is the anti-Christ'
Slice right: student uses Tinder, lies about identity for free pizza
The 7 smartest, classiest porn sites - Salon.com
Schoolwork, advocacy place strain on [Brown University] student activists
Carmen Mazo wants £4.3million after breaking her wrist at The Westbourne in London
Medical records show Hitler had micropenis
German medical records reveal Adolf Hitler had 'micropenis'
Black Children Chased by 'Masters' on Horseback in Slavery Re-Enactment at YMCA Camp
Blowup Sex Doll Used as a Scarecrow
South St. Paul Man Stole Metro Transit Bus Because he was Late to Work
West Texas woman indicted in husband's strangulation by 'hair wad' death
Goodwill apologizes for using "Resting Kanye Face" to train its employees
John Kasich Says Many Women "Left Their Kitchens" To Support His First Campaign
Turkish husband sues wife for 'insulting Erdogan'
Hackers compromised Linux Mint in a way the FBI can only dream of
Islamic reformers struggle to have their voices heard
Chilean authorities seize haul of Minions ecstasy pills
Lawyer: Supreme Court Should Let Scalia 'Vote From Grave' Because 'We Know What He Thought'
SHIPMENT OF MINION SHAPED ECSTASY PILLS SEIZED IN CHILE
Kasich: Women 'Left Their Kitchens' to Help Elect Him
Shipment of Minion shaped ecstasy pills arises in Chile
Koch Agrees With Sanders: System Rigged to Help the Rich
50 Cent is asked to explain Instagram cash pictures to a bankruptcy judge
Shipment of Minions ecstasy pills seized in Chile
After almost every official in this Texas town was arrested, black water started coming out of the pipes
Biotech lab mysteriously loses 2,400 rabbits and 3,200 goats following animal-welfare complaints
Trash Can With A Mind Of Its Own Navigates Flooded Street in LA
Man jokingly asks his Uber driver if he is the shooter who killed many people earlier that night. Next morning the Uber driver is arrested for the shootings.
Indian court slaps Hindu god with summons over land grab
Perry woman accused of packing pickles in her pants
Kasich: Women 'Left Their Kitchens' For Me When I First Ran
Kasich: Women 'Left Their Kitchens' to Help Me Get Elected
20-foot sculpture moved after texters kept bumping into it
Why I changed my name to Bacon Double Cheeseburger
Adolf Hitler had 1 testicle and a really small penis, according to historians
Taco Bell's Quesalupa eaten by a man alone his car
Rescue helicopter grounded after being rammed by a goat
Egyptian military court sentenced a four-year-old boy to life in prison by mistake
How well you know your pet?
Newlywed stabbed solicitor husband to death when he lost his job, court hears
Ted Cruz considers making 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil arobertson as U.N. Ambassador
Driver goes into store while keys remain in ignition
Goat grounds rescue chopper
Lancaster trans student aims to make history as NUS women's officer
Israel threatened Palestinian hunger striker: We will rape you, your wife and kids!
Trans Student Anna Lee Makes History By Standing To Be Women's Officer For The NUS
Photographer Jake Olson gloats about how much money he makes, then tells person to "give suicide some thought".
Lancaster trans student aims to make history
Adolf Hitler Reportedly Paired His Lone Testicle With a Micropenis
New York Court Rules that Vaping Is Not Smoking
Texas State student strip teases on campus as 'Donald Tramp' to 'Make short shorts great again'
Sculpture moved after texters kept bumping into it
Hitler's Penis Gets The Short End Of History
Hitler Lacked In Trouser Department: Evil Nazi Dictator Had Tiny Deformed Penis
Hitler suffered from genital deformity, historian claims
San Diego man beaten, robbed, then officer kills his dog
New Hampshire State Representative: "The Pope is the anti-Christ"
Black Lives Matter can't meet at Nashville library unless they invite everyone
Adolf Hitler 'Had A Micro-Penis', Claim Historians
Egyptian four-year-old's life sentence a mistake, military says
Hitler had a really tiny penis
Hitler had micropenis, historians claim
Some Virginia voters receive test ballots instead of absentee ballots
Judge in 50 Cent's bankruptcy case questions rapper's selfies with cash piles
Students Branded as 'Racist' When School Mistakes Exfoliation Masks for Blackface
Ithaca mayor wants to let heroin users shoot up under medical supervision
Man burns teenage pregnant girlfriend alive because he didn't want to be a father
Florida man drags shark out of the ocean for pictures
Police: Man took stolen shopping cart for drunken joyride
Historian rejects claim Adolf Hitler had a micropenis
Baby concussed after being accidentally hit by puck tossed from P.K. Subban
50 Cent's bankruptcy judge questions photos of rapper with piles of cash
Woman sues London pub for £4.2m after tripping in beer garden
How to Save a document in Word
Man used Uber to transport heroin to SE Baltimore luxury apartment building, DEA says
Donald Trump and Boris Johnson could be leading the English-speaking world by Christmas
Hitler Had 'Tiny' Penis, Historians Claim
Petition to build a 250ft iron statue of Margaret Thatcher has been approved by Kent University Union
Are Mexican Cannabis Farmers Being Legislated Out of Business?
Woman jailed after domestic dispute over spilled spaghetti.
Hitler had a micropenis and a deformed urethra
Fears rattlesnake colony may escape and 'kill everybody'
Ithaca Mayor Wants To Let Heroin Users Shoot Up Under Nurse Supervision
The Walking Dead "Disappears" From Torrent Sites
Medical records reveal Nazi leader Adolf Hitler had a deformed micro-penis
Insulting Nicki Minaj led St. Louis woman to fatally stab brother
Woman bitten by zoo tiger accused of trying to bite officer
New Hampshire GOP Rep: "The Pope is the Anti-Christ"
By Alladin's beard! Saudi Arabia's new war on magic
13 Bald Eagles Found Dead in Maryland in What Is Definitely Not a Metaphor for What Is Happening to America
A mayor wants space where addicts can inject heroin safely
"Damn Daniel" Teen, Daniel Lara, Hospitalized After Being Beaten and Robbed for His White Vans
What are those huge-armadillo-looking things? Huge armadillos, say scientists.
Texas House Candidate Using Grindr to Engage Voters
Brown University Students Say They're 'Failing Classes' From Stress of Activism Work
This Man's Home Is a Boeing 727 Parked in the Oregon Woods
Otter rescued by police turns out to be faux-fur collar
Kurt Rambis liked female masturbation photo on Twitter, Knicks say he was hacked
Heckler who abused comedian and flashed his privates was NOT from Grimsby
Massachusetts Plan for Rattlesnake Colony on Uninhabited Island Stokes Phobias
Postal Service apologizes for delivering blood-stained mail
US school district apologizes for black-student only assembly on gang dangers
Charlie Sheen's Announcement Set An HIV Awareness Record
Dentist said to hit patients will pay $12k for trying to out YouTube critic
Man sentenced for $1 armed robbery
Hero Legally Changes His Name to Bacon Double Cheeseburger
Remi Garde watches Aston Villa lose to club's U21 team
Zenefits Once Told Employees: No Sex in Stairwells
Ted Cruz suggests anti-gay Duck Dynasty personality for UN Ambassador
"Don't Be a Puppet" - FBI's Shoddy Webdesign of Their Hip New Approach to Recruiting Teens Against Terror
Woman Beheaded For Sorcery
Hitler had a micro-penis
Jeb Bush's Campaign Blew $94,000 Clubbing
Woman arrested for attempting to steal a train.
Acorn causes minor crash - Maine
'Grandpa gang' guilty of biggest burglary in English history
A 19-year-old made a free robot lawyer that has appealed $3 million in parking tickets
Russia wants permission to fly a spy plane over the US
What are those huge-armadillo-looking things? Huge armadillos, scientists say.
A Bible is the only item recovered from burning car
Saudi woman beheaded for 'witchcraft and sorcery'
Hitler had a micro penis and one ball
'Music' Heard by Apollo 10 Astronauts at the Moon Not from Aliens
Conn. University Investigating Reports of 'Ghetto' Party
Creepy or collectible? Collectors spend thousands to buy celebrities' hair
Life sentence for 4-year-old 'a mistake' says Egyptian court
The first lawsuit has been filed over Dallas' Exxxotica ban - by a man who just wants to go
Mark Zuckerberg Backs Apple in Its Refusal to Unlock iPhone
To Recruit Human Workers, City in Japan Tries Gorilla Marketing
Alabama Supreme Court sued for not being anti-gay quickly enough
Police: Man breaks into Vancouver home, then starts cooking soup
Rubio's God Punishes Babies. Oy
Police Investigating Swastikas Found Carved Into Bathroom Stalls
Fight Breaks Out at Florida Pizzeria Over Garlic Knots Arriving with Cheese
Fight Breaks Out at Florida Pizzeria after Garlic Knots Arrive with Cheese
P.K. Subban's act of kindness results in concussed baby
Souvenir puck tossed by Canadiens' P.K. Subban injures baby
Rescue helicopter grounded after headbutt from territorial goat
No more Canadians on 'Jeopardy!' except for host Alex Trebek
MasterCard launching selfie payments
King Kong Crashes Space Station in Astronaut Video
Adolf Hitler had a micropenis and one descended testicle, historians claim
Dominatrices offer $27 'Bernie Special' to Wall Street workers
Palm Coast Pizza vandalized because of cheesy garlic knots
Man found innocent, but R.I. county still wants his 10-year-old truck
Morgan Freeman Is Finally a GPS Navigation Voice
Petsitter Suing Couple for Over $6,700 After Negative Yelp Review
Bible undamaged after SUV bursts into flames on Tennessee highway | Fox News
Woman Arrested For Trying To Steal Train In Victorville
Charges: South St. Paul Man Stole Metro Transit Bus Because he was Late to Work
California considers banning anorexic models
Dutch man busted for pig hat
'Crazy Cat Person' Geezer Butler Campaigns Against Declawing
Despicable E: Authorities just seized a load of Minion-shaped ecstasy pills
Policeman gives video message about not Facebooking and driving while Facebooking and driving.
U.S. Marines Demolish Schoolkids in Nerf Gun Battle
Sandy Hook parents are suing gun maker Remmington
Sandy Hook parents sue gun maker Remington, Gun Manufacturer wants lawsuit dismissed
Fat penguins fall over more because they're less stable when walking and are easy pickings for predators.
Fat penguins fall over more because they're less stable when walking and makes them easy pickings for predators.
'Black Sludge' Pours Out Of Texas Town's Faucets Days After FBI Arrests Nearly Every City Official
Nurse accused of aiding in emergency surgery at Wilkes-Barre Veterans Administration Medical Center while under the influence of alcohol
Last Week Tonight on Hollywood Whitewashing - How is this still a thing - YouTube
Zimbabwe park warns it may shoot 200 'surplus' lions now that big game hunters are staying home
Michael Hayden to Trump on Waterboarding: 'Bring Your Own Damn Bucket
Water runs black in Texas town already wracked by corruption arrests
Vice central3,000: Condoms And Beer Bottles Found Everyday On The JNU Campus: BJP Leader
Vice Central: 3,000 Condoms And Beer Bottles Found Everyday On The JNU Campus: BJP Leader
Necrophilia and incest should be legal, says Swedish Liberal party youth wing, but are accused of being 'laughable nitwits' by party senior
Peacocks in China zoo die from shock after tourists pluck out their feathers
7-year-old boy injured lifting weights in Dubai
I'm so lucky to get gift cards by just few taps! Wanna be lucky too? Use my referral code: f1b187a to get 20 bonus coins.
Florida woman goes on rampage in a pizza shop after her garlic knots had cheese on them
Man drags shark out of water, takes pictures on Florida beach
Vienna police fine man €70 for 'loud belch'
Chilean Authorities Just Seized a Load of Minion Shaped Ecstasy Pills
Birmingham (UK) voted better place to live than Dubai and Hong Kong.
Petition to change the US National Anthem to Darude - Sandstorm
Woman stabs boyfriend to death after claiming he 'spent too much time on Facebook'
After attending a "how to treat women" lesson, a refugee rapes a woman.
Astronauts from Apollo 10 say they heard 'weird music' on 'dark side' of the moon
John Kasich: 'Women came out of their kitchens to support me' - video
Birmingham voted a better place to live than Hong Kong or Dubai
Dear Mum, I'm going to be a Muslim: Anger over pupils' RE project that asked them to write a letter to their parents explaining why they were converting to Islam
What waste! Cambodia splash £30,000 on TOILET for just ONE NIGHT before bulldozers arrive
Triceratops 'Godshilla' Blocks Road On The Isle Of Wight
Britain facing disastrous biscuit shortage
Flies Could Falsely Place Someone at a Crime Scence
Egypt: Toddler sentenced to life in apparent case of mistaken identity
In China you can be fined $31,400, for a map showing Taiwan in different color
Flies Could Falsely Place Someone at a Crime Scene
Berlusconi goes vegetarian over animal welfare concerns
An Unbelievable Story of a Pregnant Man
Horse 'annoyed' over theft of his tail
Motorist arrested in Longmeadow was drunk, but 'not falling down drunk,' he tells judge
5-year-old sues mother over car crash - awarded $31K
Female genital 'nicks' should be legal: gynecologists
Facebook 'friend' steals woman's Tim Hortons prize
Thai princess leaves $40,000 custom toilet 'unused'
Police Hunt Man With Drawn-On Moustache
'Jeopardy!' is banning Canadians
Blind 'fingering' dates are London's latest craze
Fried bologna for Johnny Cash in Pugwash
The $400,000-a-year New Zealand job with three months' holiday that no one wants
Vienna Police Fine Man Over Loud Burp
Man wielding Jamie Oliver knife robs Moncton Sobeys for Jamie Oliver knives
Brazil to fight Zika by sterilizing mosquitoes with gamma rays
Santa Clara County Main Jail Provides 'Complaint' Boxes for Inmates
Cheesy garlic knots spark brawl at Florida pizzeria
Canadiens' P.K. Suban Accidentally Concusses Baby After Throwing a Puck to Fans
Trump is like Hitler, says college newspaper
A Brutal Fight Broke Out Over Cheesy Garlic Knots
Bernie Sanders has the dominatrix vote all bound up
Wee are not amused: $40k toilet for Thai princess unflushed
2 Investigators: Inmates Eating Pieces Of Jail, Costing Taxpayers Millions
Exactly how much housework does your husband create?
Egypt sentences 4-year-old to life in prison for four murders, eight attempted murders and police threats
Coquitlam Mayor Richard Stewart wore same suit for 15 months and nobody noticed
All hell breaks loose online following launch of bus service '666'
Calls to change U. of Alabama building name to honor Harper Lee instead of KKK leader
JNU students eat meat, smoke, dance naked & have sex: BJP MLA Gyan
33-year-old British man legally changed his name to Bacon Double Cheeseburger
Woman plunges down hole in London pavement | UK news
Puppy shot at least 18 times expected to make full recovery
Child sues mother over car crash - wins $31K
Florida cops face racial profiling charges after stopping a man 258 times on his way to work
Suspects asks the court to follow his Twitter account.
Toddler sentenced to life in Egyptian prison
Thai princess gets $40k toilet built for her royal visit
British Man Changes His Name to Double Bacon Cheeseburger; Has No Regrets
Digitally weary users switch to 'dumb' phones
Man suffers heart attack at Heart Attack Grill
Woman Steals MTA Bus in Manhattan After Being Asked to Stop Smoking: Police
Meerkat Expert Cleared of Assault in Zoo Love Triangle Spat
Policeman Shoots Colleague Dead Because Facebook Posts Were 'Not Funny'
Hitler had 1 testicle and a really small penis, according to historians
University of Alabama students want to name a building after Harper Lee - not a KKK leader
Meerkat expert cleared of assault in zoo love triangle
Theme park wants LAZY people to apply for jobs as pandas for its new animatronic animal show
Cuddle Cot gives parents of stillborn babies more time to grieve
4-year-old sentenced to life in prison for murder was error, Egyptian military says
Tim Hortons Prize Worth $100 Goes To Scammer After Woman Posts Pic Online
Teenager posing as a State Senator tours Ohio high school and speaks to a class.
S Korea faces school uniform shortage
Interest aroused as semi at 69 Cock Lane in Fetcham hits the market
Woman killed boyfriend for spending too much time on Facebook
Georgia Business Owner Requiring All Employees to be Armed
Teen poses as Ohio lawmaker, tours school
Aston Villa lose 3-0 ... to their Under-21 side
US election 2016: Carson says Obama was 'raised white'
Woman Steals MTA Bus After Driver Tells Her To Stop Smoking
Toddler sentenced to life in prison
News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGMILLY DOWLERBEDROOM TAXNATIONAL LOTTERYILLEGAL IMMIGRANTSWEATHERHILLSBOROUGH REPORT Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News Business News Poundland Poundland buys 99p Stores but bosses warn prices will go up - by 1p
Despite Being Dead, Neo Conservatives Still Think Scalia Should Decide Cases Where Oral Arguments Were Heard Already
BernieSingles: Online dating site connects single Sanders fans
Man bans bankers from eating at his restaurant over loan refusal
20 years on, this 52-year-old Munnabhai is attempting to pass MBBS, threatens to end his life
After four years, why are more feet washing ashore in British Columbia?
I'm bored! Boys write to me on mail: izabellapogonalova@gmail.com. dboKXeMVRMMJyj
Donald Trump on protester: 'I'd like to punch him in the face'
Ben Carson: Obama was 'raised white'
Goat found in car in Home Depot parking lot
The baffling reason many millennials don't eat cereal
Hitler had a deformed micro-penis and only one testicle, medical records reveal
Hillary Clinton Visits 'Scandal' Set With Kerry Washington & Scott Foley
Egypt's Military Says Toddler's Life Sentence Was Case Of Mistaken Identity
Did Hitler have a micro-penis? Historians claim Nazi leader suffered from a rare deformity where the urethra opened on the under side of his manhood
Turkish man sues wife for insulting President Erdogan
Flint Residents Paid the Highest Rates in the US for Their Lead-Contaminated Water
DUI suspect arrives drunk to plead guilty; jailed instead
Ben Carson: Obama was 'raised white' and cannot relate to black experience
Flint's poisoned water was among the most expensive in the country
McDouble Called The 'Cheapest, Most Nutritious And Bountiful Food' In Human History
Chinese millionaire sues himself through an offshore shell company to beat currency export controls
Flint paid highest water bills in 2015, survey finds
Getting Money out of China by Losing in Arbitration
MTA: Irate Passenger Hijacks Bus In East Harlem After Being Told To Stop Smoking
Hillary Clinton visits 'Scandal' set
Flint residents paid America's highest water rates
Florida robber leaves 7-Eleven after he couldn't find a clerk to rob
Manila boy in cop's uniform accused of extortion
Man Pulls Shark From The Sea To Pose For Photographs
San Francisco's Startup Cracking Down On Alcohol, Sex At The Office
Austrian man fined € 70 for burping at kebab stand
'Swedish Fritzl' kidnaps woman, takes her to police station, gets arrested.
Cathedral Moves Sculpture Because Texters Keep Bumping Into It
A Dream Come True: Russian Teen Wins One Month With Pornstar
Lego creates stay-at-home hipster dad figurine
The McDouble is Apparently the 'Cheapest and Most Nutritious Food in Human History'
Lego creates a stay-at-home hipster dad toy
Vienna bartender fined €70 for loud burp
Is the McDouble really the 'cheapest, most nutritious and bountiful food that has ever existed in human history?'
Toddler sentenced to life imprisonment
Police: woman hid crack in belly button
NY woman hijacks bus after being told to stop smoking
Woman dubbed 'Hot Dog Hooker' upsets East Rockaway neighbors with lap dance ad
Prison authorities seize phone that was stuck up convicted triple murderer's bottom for 12 days and had been used to maintain his Facebook page.
Busting Cactus Smugglers in the American West
Canadians no longer allowed on Jeopardy
Disengaged: Triple killer Kon Georgiou finally passes phone hidden up his bottom for 12 days
Sanders Supporter Cries Hysterically About Mean Trump Supporters
Bombing Yemen Won't Help It
Officials Find Ecstasy Pills Shaped Like "Despicable Me" Minions
Passenger steals MTA bus after being asked to stop smoking
Toddler gets life in prison in apparent case of mistaken identity
Hillary Clinton Ally David Brock Asks Bernie Sanders to Back Off
Here's What We Really Know About Hitler's Penis
Nobody Sleeps Better Than White People, Says Study
University of Kent students to vote on construction of 250ft statue of Thatcher
Egyptian military says it sentenced a 4-year-old to life in prison by mistake
Billion-dollar startup called Zenefits bans employees from sex and drinking in the office
Hamilton teen assaults man with bacon and eggs: police
claim mistaken identity after toddler sentenced to life
Here's a Photo of the Homemade Guillotine That a Bellingham Man Used to Cut His Own Arm Off
Man deep fries his $900 Adidas Yeezys shoes because "It'd be really dope"
IBM's supercomputer will power an online, anime VR game
Capcom Is Looking Into Adding Arcade Mode For 'Street Fighter V'
Weird music on the dark side of the moon
Scientists terrify raccoons to reveal inner workings of ecosystems
Bald Lady Pulls Gun on Barber
NASA says a fireball crashed into the Atlantic, but no one noticed.
Egyptian Military Calls Toddler's Life Sentence for Murder a Mistake
Florida Just Flushed Its "Toilet" Lake Onto Its Beaches
Police charge man in alleged serial semen squirting
O.J. Simpson Says American Crime Story Wrongfully Accuses Him Of Having Small Head
A former meerkat expert at London Zoo was cleared Tuesday of assaulting a monkey handler in a love spat over a llama-keeper.
Three men stuck in a lift after curry feast
China Builds a Faster Beagle in Gene-Editing Race With U.S.
NJ Man Returns Overdue Library Book 72 Years Later
Ben Carson: Use 'truth serum' to extract information from terror suspects
San Francisco startup Zenefits bans sex and alcohol in the office
Cop Caught Masturbating To Cell Phone Porn In Patrol Car Is Arrested For Misconduct
Nearly half of first grade girls say they want to be thinner. A new bill would regulate skinny models in California, to be better role models.
Meerkat expert in love triangle cleared of assaulting monkey handler
Obama Signs Executive Order Relocating Congress to Guantánamo
Police seeking man who assaulted woman with semen
Furniture and bacon spill leads to 9 hour closure on I-64
O.J. Simpson: Cuba Gooding Jr.'s head isn't big enough to play me
Oh, poop! Stuff found near Selfridge is bird droppings
Egypt Is Sorry It Sentenced A Little Boy To Life In Prison
TO MARS OR BUST: Donald Trump to make biggest bid of all - Colonizing Americans On Mars
WARNING: Aloe Vera contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Ruling favours public servant over barefoot, farting colleague
"PRAISE ALLAH! We're going to be the Majority Soon!" [SHOCKING VIDEO]
Leather-Clad Ted Cruz Greeting Voters At Reno-Area Fetish Club
HORROR: Muslim Girl Brings Dead Baby To School In Her Backpack, Leaves Dead Baby In Nurse's Office
How Bernie Sanders became the lord of 'dank memes'
Man legally changes name to 'Bacon Double Cheeseburger'
Internet Comes Full Circle - The Kid Who Made The "Damn Daniel" Viral Video Had The SWAT Team Show Up To His Door At 1 Am After Trolls Pranked Him
Somebody 'swatted' the home of one of the teens behind the 'Damn, Daniel' meme
Bill Gates Disappointed by Reports He Backs FBI Over Apple
University President Shuts Down Conservative Journalist's Speech, Citing 'Free Exchange of Ideas'
Women attracted to dark and brooding men because they want to find a mate
Publisher delays game because nobody pre-ordered it
Iranian media mistakes Medal of Honor footage for real warfare
Bernie Sanders is the Worst Presidential Candidate in History, and You and All Your Friends are Idiots
Bruce Springsteen shouts out 'Pittsburgh' during show in Cleveland
College Basketball player out for season after re-aggravating shoulder injury while slapping the floor on defense
Report: Jae'Sean Tate Re-Aggravated Shoulder Injury While Slapping The Court
Students react to controversial Black History Month display at high school
Man fined for burping in front of police officer
Woman Reportedly Steals Bus After MTA Driver Tells Her to Stop Smoking
Dumas Woman Sets Her Own House On Fire
Can A Bath Of Milk And Honey Replace Female Genital Mutilation?
Hamilton teen assaults man with bacon and eggs...man sent to hospital. [xpost /r/hamilton]
Utah lawmakers back plan to declare porn a health crisis
A Toddler Was Sentenced To Life In Prison
San Francisco EPA Workers Claim Office Is a 'Sick Building'
A panel of Utah lawmakers has heartily endorsed a resolution declaring pornography a public health crisis
Herpes Strikes Infants Again After Ritual Circumcision
Nurse Accused of Helping with Surgery While Drunk
Meerkat expert cleared of glassing monkey handler in fight over llama-keeper
Iranian media mistakes Medal of Honor sniper footage for real war footage
Iranian media releases 'Isis sniper' clip that turns out to be footage from video game Medal of Honor
Chicago State University cancels spring break
Joe Biden a Surprise Guest at 'Whiskey Tango Foxtrot' Screening
Six arrested in late-night USA Chicken & Biscuit beef
PSEB 12th Result 2016 or Punjab Board 12th Result
Leaders of Utah polygamous sect arrested for food stamp fraud
Three men can't trapped in each others farts after eating curry and getting stuck in elevator.
Russian Tourists Zombie Prank Backfires
Bed Bugs Contribute to Cleveland Cavaliers Loss
Meerkat expert cleared of assaulting monkey handler in fight over llama-keeper
VA initially denies wheelchair to dying veteran
Donald Trump: 'I Love the Poorly Educated!'
Three men trapped in each others farts after eating curry and getting stuck in elevator together.
Man Faces Charges for Cursing out IRS
KKK takes adopt-a-highway case to Georgia Supreme Court
Nevada caucuses results: Donald Trump wins Latino vote
Donald Trump on Nevada win: 'I love the poorly educated'
Georgia Supreme Court hears KKK bid to 'Adopt-A-Highway'
Prince's passport photo slays
Reddit to the rescue for epileptic
The Campaign Against Sex Robots wants to ban them 'because they're like prostitutes' | Metro News
'Clean Ganga' T-shirt wearing bureaucrat caught urinating at Triveni Sangam
Donald Trump loves uneducated people
Justin Bieber: Without God I'd Be a Terrible Person
The Evil Act RAPE 1 Latest 2016 Nollywood Movies
Police Deliberately Ran Over And Killed A Dog "So It Wouldn't Suffer"
North Wales Police Say Dog Was Killed Deliberately 'Safely So It Would Not Suffer'
Dog dies after being deliberately run over by police in North Wales
Dog dies after being deliberately run over by police in Conwy - BBC News
Fox News Reports Rubio Is In Bed, Foregoing Nevada Caucus Speech
Man divorces 4 wives in one day...Tries to marry 'new' wives
Tony Blair admits he is baffled by rise of Bernie Sanders and Jeremy Corbyn
UK fracking traffic would increase local air pollution, finds study
Rubbing Vaginal Fluids On Babies' Faces Might Not Be A Good Idea
Toddler sentenced to life in apparent case of mistaken identity
Triple killer finally passes phone 12 days aftet he lodged it in his bottom
3 year old faces life in prison after mistaken identity
An art exhibition in Melbourne, Australia- dedicated to 'Drawing dicks on the Herald Sun' Newspaper is happening.
Saudi and UAE ban citizens from travelling to Lebanon
Mail carrier calls for help after wild turkeys surround truck
Donald Trump thanks 'poorly educated'
Woman hijacks New York bus after being told to stop smoking
Schoolboy, 16, will live with a Russian porn star in a hotel for a month after winning an online competition - but admits his mother isn't happy about it
Donald Trump thanks "the poorly educated" for Nevada caucus victory
Michigan Says Its Potholes Make It the Best Place to Test Driverless Cars
Man claims Red Bull didn't give him wings.
Schoolboy wins competition to live with PORN STAR who says 'sex with teen is a possibility'
16-year-old schoolboy wins a month with porn star
WATCH: Donald Trump's Nevada Victory Speech, 'I Love the Poorly Educated'
Dog dies after being deliberately run over by police in Conwy
British Army instructors told not to swear at new recruits
Toddler sentenced to life in Egypt for killing three people
British Army instructors are told to stop swearing at new recruits
UT fraternity brother declared 'a legend' for date with porn star
Ben Carson Says Obama Can't Identify With Black Experience Because He Was 'Raised White'
Man carrying gnome sparks police alert on M60 in Greater Manchester
Malaysian High Court Upholds T-Shirt as a Security Threat
Four men rob a gun store and range that is next door to a Milpitas police station.
Identical twin moms give birth to 2 sets of twins -- again!
Donald Trump's victory speech in Nevada: "I love the poorly educated."
Scottish wrestler, 22, gets so drunk on night out in Glasgow that he wakes up in Amsterdam with no idea how he got there
Navy realized it could no longer assume it would never have to wage a war at sea.
Sudanese migrant who walked through Channel Tunnel to reach UK now REGRETS coming
Masked, armed man looking to rob 7-Eleven in Bradenton leaves when he doesn't see store clerk Read more here: http://www.bradenton.com/news/local/crime/article61930157.html#storylink=cpy
One area where the Pentagon is playing catchup with Russia and China
Man legally changes his name to Bacon Double Cheeseburger
Stolen labrador guide dog is returned by gang with apology note
Boy, 16, will live with Russian porn star in hotel for a month after winning online competition
Tumbleweed Named 'Hairy Panic' Invades Neighborhood
Trump in Nevada: 'I love the poorly educated'
Trump says 'I love the poorly educated' after Nevada win
Fart sparks shoot out between rival Spanish gypsy clans
US election 2016: Donald Trump thanks 'poorly educated'
Schoolboy wins competition to live with a porn star (and his mum is NOT happy)
Schoolboy, 16, will live with a Russian porn star in a hotel for a month after winning an online competition
Woman dies in cucumber sex romp 'after lover forgot about her to tend to burning meat'
Candia man claims he set his house on fire due to bed bug infestation, wife getting bitten
Ben Carson Suspects His Campaign Was a Scam
Polygamous Sect Leaders Facing on Food Stamp Fraud Charges
You can 'feel the Bern' by buying a Bernie Sanders weed pipe for $60 from an Oregon woman
Russia gives Afghanistan 10,000 Kalashnikovs
Student can't attend school because he's African-American
Does Ben Carson Suspect His Campaign Was a Scam?
The new Angry Birds movie whitewashes a depraved history of avian terrorism
Brawl breaks out among parents at Chuck E. Cheese
16-Year-Old Wins A 30-Day Hotel Stay With Porn Star Because Russia
Netherlands bridge built especially for squirrels costing £120,000 has been used five times
Kalpataru Brilliance | Pre-Launch | Goregaon (w) | Call On: 8879274973
Russian Teenager Wins Competition To Live With A Porn Star.
Bill Gates 'surprised' to be in Beyoncé's 'Formation' lyrics
Nation Of Insomniacs: One-Third Of US Adult Population Is Sleep Deprived
CEO forced to warn employees "dont have sex" in stairwells
The Immortal Myth of Hitler's Deformed Genitals
CONFIRMED: Plastic found on Mars!
Man Uploads Picture of His Foot to Amazon, Immediately Becomes 'No. 1 Bestseller'
Maine woman puts up road signs, finds a kidney
eBay for jihadis: Al-Qaeda fighters using Facebook to buy and sell 'CIA weapons'
Hitler did not commit the worst crimes in history because he had a micropenis
Despicable E: Chilean customs seize Minion-shaped ecstasy pills
Nearly 20 percent of Trump's supporters disapprove of Lincoln freeing the slaves
Trump Supporters Wear Ku Klux Klan Robes at Nevada Caucus
'Its a deadly game' warn parents of teen who died playing beer pong
PM tells Corbyn: My mum would say put on a proper suit
Motorist having sex with his girlfriend as he drove his car at high speed is killed when he crashes head-on into a truck in India
Severe Weather Spotters Class Cancelled Due to Severe Weather
North Wales Police officers who killed dog on A55 referred to watchdog
Survey: Millennials Are Too Lazy to Eat Cereal
Father and son are shot after gun battle breaks out between Spanish gypsies over a fart
Bacon and eggs assault - teen uses breakfast as weapon: police
Woman dies after lover forgets to take cucumber out of her mouth
Egypt authorities call off toddler's arrest
Police seek bald man in thefts of Rogaine, supplements
Police force that deliberately knocked down a dog had previously fired a Taser at a sheep on the same road
schoolboy, 16, who will LIVE with a Russian porn star in a hotel for a month after winning a bizarre online competition
Bernie Sanders declares he is a 'strong feminist' and 'honorary woman'
Pope calls Sanders "most Christian" candidate
A pair of very large brown bears completely destroy a tent on Sakhalin Island in Russia. The campers are forced to light flares in order to scare them away. It's a good thing nobody was in that tent when the bears came!
Kanye West debuts new song "Closest Thing to Einstein"
Manchester United players must be more 'horny' says manager Louis van Gaal
#BurnersForBernie: Sanders supporter now selling pro-Bernie marijuana pipes and chillums
Donald Trump declares 'I love the poorly educated' as he storms to victory in Nevada caucus
Manchester United players must be more 'horny', says Louis van Gaal
Manchester United: Louis van Gaal wants his side to be 'horny'
Life under IS 'really hard', rescued Swedish girl says
People are really confused about why Burger King is selling hot dogs
This App Splits Your Dinner Bill According to Societal Racism and Sexism
Canadian government ordered to move bureaucrat away from noisy colleague
Imaqtpie - "Hey man, you want this kill?"
rump Says He'd 'Win Easily' If He Ran With Oprah
Zimbabwe May Have To Kill 200 Lions Because Everybody Freaked Out Over Cecil
Flying while fat? Airlines may soon have a new seat for you
Puerto Rico Freezes Condom Prices To Prevent Zika Profiteering
Iowa Passes Bill To Allow Toddlers To Use Guns
New photo of 'Bigfoot' taken in Colorado Rockies
Washington Post Calls Bernie Supporters Bernie Bros While Accusing Supporters of Sexism Against HRC
A man follows his GPS and end in the Subway
Bureaucrat wins right to work in separate building from man who used vinegar to wash his feet at office
Subway Rider 'just followed gps'
Remarkable Boston Dynamics robot puts up with bullying
Texas academics told to avoid 'sensitive topics' if gun law goes into effect
British couple waits one week to claim $45.2M jackpot because they were busy
Goat in driver's seat milks attention, flashes hazard lights
Williams Lake city council calls for GPS tracking chips to help fight crime
Montreal Canadiens Automated Bot Starts Tweeting Offensive Material
Army researchers patent self-destructing bullet designed to save lives
Salesman who accidentally killed his lover while using a cucumber as a sex toy goes on trial for negligent homicide in Germany
Indiana Senate approves bill banning local plastic bag restrictions
Man tried to rob salon but was spotted by local and beaten with Yankee candle
Woman broke Yankee candle over the head of beauty salon robber as she was getting her nails done
Meerkat expert cleared in assault against monkey keeper
Margaret Thatcher statue measuring 250ft planned at Kent University to encourage 'sensible behaviour'
Police: Naked, drugged Florida man ransacks model home
How an eight-year-old boy invented a new word
Tesco apologises after condoms are stocked in CHILDREN'S health section
Iowa house passes bill to allow children under the age of 14 to handle guns.
Utah Senate votes to repeal 17th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution
Ithaca's mayor proposes nation's first heroin shoot-up center
'We do not need a militia of toddlers': If Iowa law passes, children can carry handguns
In ongoing search for a reason to exist, BlackBerry launches cybersecurity consulting service
Petition launched to change the U.S. national anthem to 'Sandstorm' by Darude
Ithaca mayor wants to have nation's first supervised heroin injection facility
Egypt's President was for sale on eBay
Man pointed gun at his 9-year-old daughter pretending to shoot, actually shot her in the chest
Life with ISIS is 'really hard,' discovers Swedish teen who joined jihadists
Kesha thanks #FreeKesha supporters after court ruling
Going Once, Going Twice: Egypt's Sisi Was For Sale on eBay
Fatal cucumber sex game lands man in court
Hillary: Sanders Against Sandy Hook Families
'I would sell myself': Egyptians mock Sisi over suggestion to help economy
Melania Trump, ensconced in walls of gold, says she's just trying to keep it normal
Dozens of homeless gnomes weigh housing offers after being kicked out of state park
10-foot python attacks boy as he sleeps in his bed
Brussels bureaucrat: 'We're not bureaucrats!'
University of Houston Offers Teachers Helpful Tips For How to Not Get Murdered
Shepton Tesco left red-faced by condoms in the children's section | Shepton Mallet Journal
In a response to a vigilante group called "soldiers of Odin", with far right sympathizers, islamists have now started "Allah's soldiers" in Oslo, Norway.
D.C. looks to communist Cuba for lessons to improve literacy
Boss Requires Employees Be Armed at Work
In a response to a right wing vigilante group called "soldiers of Odin", islamists have started "soldiers of Allah", in Oslo, Norway.
in the evenings quite boring. often looking for a partner have fun when ready-registers JQaN8hsw2
Tennessee names the Barrett .50 caliber as the state's official rifle
Idiocracy writer: 'I never expected Idiocracy to become a documentary'
Montreal Canadiens' Twitter thank-you campaign backfires
U. Michigan LGBT Center Creates Safe Space to Protect Students from Offensive Speakers-Both of Whom Are Gay
Iowa's House of Representatives just voted to allow children the right to possess a handgun
Trump loves 'the poorly educated' ... and social media clamors
Passengers applaud as boy removed from plane for allergies
Woman 'hostage in restaurant' near Leicester Square
Representative compares closing Guantanamo Bay to the Trail of Tears
Bureaucrat wins right to move from colleague who broke wind, washed feet with vinegar
For sale on eBay: One slightly used Egyptian president
I want to try to have sex with two guys at once. Write to me here L1x15wo3wX
Flossie Dickey Gives Zero F*Cks About Her 110th Birthday
Cops: Prison Murder-for-Hire Plot Foiled by Joanie Pepperoni
Cheque Your Privilege! 'Equipay' App Splits Dinner Bills According to Race and Gender
This App Splits Your Dinner Bill According to Your Race and Gender
Silvio Berlusconi announces he is becoming a vegetarian due to his concern for animal welfare | People | News
Nearly 20% of Trump Fans Think Freeing the Slaves Was a Bad Idea
Deputies: Diners trash Flagler pizza store over cheesy garlic knots
Ten Million Cats Show How Big Japan's Aging Problem Is: Chart
Australian Anti-gay group accidentally raises thousands of dollars for LGBTI youth
Proposed Rattlesnake Island In Quabbin Reservoir Sparks Fears
Canadian island welcoming Americans if Trump wins election
Kalamazoo shooting suspect concerned about gun control after recent mass shootings
Two members of British Parliament urge NFL to change Washington name
Genius Girl Scout Starts Selling Cookies Across From Marijuana Dispensary
I was up all night spend here, you can undress For this register: dG8jpNpEh
Goat Locked In A Car In A Parking Lot Drinks A Soda
Woman became pregnant following Cup kiss
Uncool mom is angry her 16-year-old son won a month in a hotel with a porn star
THOSE TRUMP KKK SUPPORTERS WERE #BLACKLIVESMATTER ACTIVISTS
Alberta, Canada's Progressive New Government Bans the Words "Mother" and "Father" in Schools
Iowa May Allow Children to Carry Handguns
Teenager wins competition to live with a pornstar for 1 month
Man's pants explode inside Kentucky convenience store
California anti-gun senator Leland Yee to be sentenced for gun trafficking and racketeering charges
A 16-Year-Old Boy Won A Contest And Now Gets To Live With A Porn Star For A Month
Under Sanders, income and jobs would soar, economist says
Breaking News: Goat Locked In A Car In A Parking Lot Drinks A Soda
Motorola admits Nexus 6 was too big - but that's what Google wanted
Cat Makes Mysterious Journey From Wisconsin To Florida
Penguins on a treadmill: study shows fat ones fall over more often than slim ones
Teen laughed as he told police how he and brother massacred family in bid to become America's next big serial killer
Tonyrefail funeral procession horse dies after crash
Arkansas school 'regrets' blacks-only assembly on gang violence
FLORIDA: 400-POUND WOMAN SURVIVES SEXUAL ASSAULT BY HERD OF MANATEES
Boy removed from plane over allergies, passengers applaud
Donald Trump says he'd end the Oregon standoff just by telling the Bundy's "you gotta get out"
Drunk nurse helped with surgery at VA hospital, police say
Millennials aren't eating cereal because it's too much work
Dr. Phil explains our narcissistic tendencies to post stupid stuff on social media using Kanye as an example.
Horrified Teen Thinks She's Kylie Jenner After Having Wisdom Teeth Removed
Estonia Wants More NATO Troops-But Only If They Aren't Black
It's Official: 'Idiocracy' Writer Says His Satire of a Brain-Dead America Has Become Reality
DHS can't account for hundreds of lost guns and badges
Russian schoolboy wins competition to live with porn star who says 'sex is a possibility'
Univ Warns Profs To Avoid Sensitive Topics Since Armed Students May Snap And Kill Them
UH faculty suggest steering clear of some topics if students armed
John Kasich Says Campaign Critics Need to 'Chill Out'
Update - She was having sex with her father in the park before the five black teens appeared, then she had sex with two of the teens willingly
New Evidence Suggests That Hitler Had a Micropenis
Egypt says life sentence for toddler in triple murder case was a mistake
The Science Behind Hitler's Possible Micropenis
Justice Scalia spent his last hours with members of a secretive society of elite hunters
Man Sells "Ted Cruz Is The Zodiac Killer" Shirts to Fund Abortions in Texas
Iowa Lawmakers Approve Bill That Would Let Kids Have Handguns
Michigan Creates âSafe Spaceâ For Students Afraid Of Debate On Feminism
Scott Kelly Gets Into Some Ape Suit Hijinks On The ISS
Teen Allegedly Posed As A Senator, Got A Chauffeured Car, And Toured A School
Lawmaker 'Astounded' His Bill to Nullify All LGBT Nondiscrimination Laws Is Being Called Anti-Gay
Goat facing 7 years in jail for eating grass
Kerry Having 'Additional Evaluation' Done to Decide if Slaughter of Mideast Christians is Genocide
Man accused of grocery store semen attack arrested in Easton
Austrian man fined $77 for burping at kebab stand
'Man in wedding dress' prompts Newton Poppleford toilet closure
Nunavut hunter falls through ice, makes pants out of a fox to stay warm
Obama Bans US Imports of Slave-Produced Goods
California Anti-Gun Crusader Leland Yee Sentenced to 5 Years for Gun Running
Quit Apologizing! World Needs Fossil Fuels, Saudis Tell Oilmen
Justice Scalia spent his last hours with members of this secretive society of elite hunters
Millennials say cereal is more trouble than it's worth
Man and Woman Killed in Police Shooting Were Unconscious When Police Arrived: Mayor
NWP officers who killed dog on A55 referred to watchdog.
Cadbury's Caramilk bars not chocolate, says edit from defence department network
Sheikh Salman swears on slaves' lives that FIFA election will be clean
China's Xinjiang to use entertainment, possibly singing and dancing, in terror fight
Ebola 'devastates long-term health'
The man who became a goat
The WTO just ruled against India's booming solar program
Tangerang Mayor: Instant noodles can make your baby gay
Some Trump Supporters Think Lincoln Was Hasty In Freeing The Slaves
Michigan Creates 'Safe Space' For Students Afraid Of Debate On Feminism
Mastercard Wants to Replace Passwords With Selfies
Hong Kong clubbers covered in excrement after sewer pipe bursts
Lip Syncing singer exposed on live TV by holding the microphone upside down
Russian teen wins a month hotel stay with a porn star
Adam Levine Gets Moody Middle Schooler's Notebook Tattooed On Back
NY Times recommends ad blockers after CEO mulls ad-block ban
Scrapping the Human Rights Act will help protect human rights, Attorney General says
Man accused of killing lover with cucumber dildo
S.C. cop accused of watching porn, touching himself in patrol car | News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News
UFO Enthusiast Flies Drone Over Area 51 To See If The Truth Is Out There After All
Why goats used to breastfeed human babies
For Pot Tourists, The Trip Is More Likely To End In The ER
Discount Kilim Area Rugs
Donald Trump's 'Amazing Mind' Attracted Wife Melania
Anti-violent games senator Leland Yee sentenced to five years in prison
Bill Gates launches DJ career, responds to Beyoncé shout-out
D.C. police bust 'Kush Gods' outfit that traded pot for 'donations' [from flagrantly decorated cars]
Ohio Police Seek Bald Man In $800 Rogaine Theft
Donald Trump's name used by basketball fans in Iowa to taunt racially diverse high school team
Mystery ejaculator at Hanoi swimming pool leaves 12 girls pregnant
'It was pure black': Student nearly died after leaving a tampon in for nine days
Egyptian President Sisi 'Put' on Sale on Ebay
David Cameron and Jeremy Corbyn trade blows over each other's mothers at PMQs
'Trendy' drama teacher who smeared Nutella over infatuated 14-year-old is jailed
Federal employee no longer has to put up with flatulent, feet-washing co-worker
Mystery Ocean Hum May be Migration Signal, or Fish Farting
Hitler's 'Mein Kampf' is now a best-seller in Germany
Monopoly Ultimate Banking ditches cash for an ATM and cards
Swedish teenagers are using hand sanitiser to get drunk
High school teacher breaks into home, wakes up resident, heats up leftovers
Nazi-bred super cows roam farm in Devon
D.C. police bust 'Kush Gods' outfit that traded pot for 'donations'
OLD GRIST MILL TAVERN Lawsuit: Banana truck caused restaurant fire
Suspect in online threats hides under bed, is still arrested
Mumbai Sets No-Selfie Zones as Deaths Linked to Selfies Rise
Ex-Texas teacher busted for having sex with student is suing him for recording tryst, and his mother for calling her a 'predator'
Man changes middle name to 'I Love Spam' after falling in love with canned meat
Student Calls For LSE's Free Speech Speakeasy Society To Be Banned
Macedonian government caught rigging elections, makes a law allowing the President to pardon all suspected officials
Man faces prison sentence after 'accidentally killing partner with cucumber used as sex toy'
Poll: 20% of Trump supporters disapprove of Emancipation Proclamation
During Black History Month, Mississippi governor declares April to be "Confederate History Month"
Police Hunt Bald Guy In Rogaine Thefts
Minnesota apologizes, revokes 'FMUSLMS' vanity license plate
Burping world record claimed by Darwin man with fizzy drink-fuelled 110.6-decibel belch
KKK Members show up to support Trump.. only one problem
'Dangerous' rooster caught after repeated harassment
Mississippi Governor Declares April Confederate Heritage Month
Magazine releases list of leading female writers, still manages to include a man
Saskatchewan gov't office that manages database of buildings containing asbestos is closed due to asbestos exposure
Poll: 20 percent of Trump supporters disapprove of the Emancipation Proclamation
Harvard abolishes 'master' in titles in slavery row
Woman surprised to still be overweight despite having running app
Iowa Republicans Pass Bill To Allow Toddlers To Use Guns
Dinosaur was giving 'the finger' due to bone deformity
Girl Scouts Face Opposition From St. Louis Archbishop
O.J. Simpson says Cuba Gooding Jr.'s head is too small to play him
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi 'put on sale' on eBay after claiming he would sell himself to help economy
Archbishop warns people to not purchase girl scout cookies because their values go against the church
Lands' End Apologizes for Featuring Gloria Steinem, Pulls Fund for Women's Equality Donations
Russian teen wins month in hotel with pornstar in online competition
[X-post /r/news]5 teens cleared of Brooklyn gang rape charges as prosecutors say woman's father committed incest
Comedy Festival Will Charge White Men More To Fight The Wage Gap
Man arrested for Facebook posts about Syrian refugees in Scotland
Travel writer Rick Steves is coming to Massachusetts to push for marijuana legalization
MasterCard to rollout "selfie pay" option this summer
Ask the British; Vote-buying, Intimidation is the Route to Democratic Maturity
Pakistani police arrest anti-littering campaigner for littering in front of the Chief Minister's Residence.
E-cigarette Battery Explodes in Man's Pocket, Sets Pants on Fire
Texas Teacher Sues Student She Had Sex With & WTF Texas How Does This Make Sense?!
Apple unlocking case not 'trailblazer' for precedent: FBI chief
Man charged with trying to punch Crystal Palace bald eagle mascot Kayla
Wild snow leopard caught on camera trap in Russia.
Man programs robot to deal with Telemarketing calls.
Students are reportedly upset that the university wants them to keep up with their academics amid their protesting.
Ohio police hunt for bald man in string of Rogaine thefts
Times Square Batman Allegedly Stole From Tourist's Open Wallet
'I am happy so much!': Schoolboy, 16, wins competition to live with his favourite PORN STAR
Germany lifts ban on Mein Kampf; it becomes best-seller overnight.
Mississippi Governor Declares April 'Confederate Heritage Month,' No Slavery Mention
I will fulfill all of your desires here ByQbHRxtqX9
Beijing Is Building 'Ventilation Corridors' to Blow Smog Away
Yasiel Puig buying helicopter to get to work on time
Schoolboy Wins Competition To Live With Porn Star For A Month
Wisconsin man charged with shooting bowling ball out of cannon, damaging barn
Yasiel Puig buying a helicopter to get to work on time
SeaWorld acknowledges planting worker in animal rights group
Arizona Senator's Convoy Charged by Elephants During Trip About Poaching
WV Senate approves concealed carry of guns without a permit
Bearded Human Bullies Poor, Defenseless Robot
Russian schoolboy wins month-long stay with porn star
Pennsylvania high school honors student actually 23-year-old man from Ukraine, police say
23-year-old Ukrainian National arrested after posing as Harrisburg high school student
EU referendum: Ukip MEP says UK should leave European Union so we can have better toasters
Straightened-Out Croissants and the Decline of Civilization
High School Honors Student Was Actually Just a Creepy Adult Playing Pretend
Apple CEO: We Will Take This iPhone Case to the Supreme Court
Korker kills, cooks, eats 'stray' Corgi, only to find out it was his boss's pet
Boy, 7, Finds 3,400-Year-Old Figurine of a Naked Woman
Worker kills, cooks, eats 'stray' Corgi, only to find out it was his boss's pet
Alabama attorney sues U.S. Supreme Court justices who legalized gay marriage
Windsor man fined for crossing border with 38 turtles strapped to his legs
Canadian man fined for smuggling turtles in his pants
Canadian man fined for smuggling nearly 40 turtles in his pants; found strapped to his legs
Police: Child's farm story led to pot operation bust
Former Mexican president: 'I'm not going to pay for that f---ing wall'
16-Year-Old Russian Gamer Wins a Month Living with an Adult Film Star in a Hotel
16-year-old boy wins month at hotel with porn star in online contest
Wana Dubie officially first US Senate candidate from Salem
Father of two girls severs his own penis as punishment for not producing a son
Oaklahoma? Trump's Official Facebook Event Page Misspells Oklahoma City
"Batman" accused of stealing $50 from Times Square tourist
N.D. team finishes game with 2 players, loses 156-154 in 2OT
Hi! Yooou looove S..x?? ewaGF0BrO
'Take it to the bank!' Trump has a 97 percent chance of beating Hillary in the general election says college professor who is 'almost certain' the Donald WILL be the next U.S. president
Never too young: Iowa house passes bill to let children of all ages handle guns
Manchester United need 'horny' performances - Louis Van Gaal
Joe Biden to Introduce Lady Gaga, Highlight Sexual Assault at the Oscars
David Duke: Voting against Trump is 'treason to your heritage'
H1! Y_o_u l..o...ve s"""x?? fEwlhyBHN
Public toilet will be transformed into radio studio
Windsor, ON Man Fined for Smuggling Turtles in his Pants
Man trips on pants while running from police
WATCH: Chuck E. Cheese Birthday Brawl Gets Out Of Control
Illinois proposes bill to deny fatherless children birth certificates.
Chinese father who has failed to produce son cuts off part of his penis
'Rick, are you drunk or something?' Police say VA nurse downed beers, assisted in surgery.
Cops: Nurse Was Drunk During Emergency Surgery
Ont. man fined for smuggling nearly 40 live turtles in his pants
Georgeous Girls Are Waiting For YOU (15 photos)
Windsor Man Fined, Gets Probation for Smuggling Turtles in its Pants
Woman who claims Donald Trump sexually assaulted her says she will vote for him
Star Wars to be protected by 'drone army' during Episode VIII filming
Chinese father of two girls, drunk and upset over lack of male heir, lops off part of manhood
Former KKK Grand Wizard: Voting for Anyone Other Than Donald Trump Is 'Treason to Your Heritage'
Windsor man fined, gets probation, for smuggling turtles in pants
Dog hit by 13 trains, lives
Kanye To GoFundMe Supporters: I Don't Want Your Money
Passengers applaud when boy, seven, is removed from plane after suffering allergic reaction on board while on 'bucket list' trip with his terminally ill dad.
Garden gnome 'joins Greater Manchester Police'
Blue Peter's Lindsey Russell abandons Irish Sea 'zorb' crossing
L.A. seizes tiny houses (designed and intended for homeless people) from homeless people, rendering people to be once again, homeless.
San Francisco Environmental Protection Workers Say Own Office Makes Them Sick
Horrible people applaud as 7-year-old is removed from plane because of allergic reaction to pets
I'm boiling inside': Sixteen-year-old wins online contest - living with a porn star for one month
NFL team keeps asking prospects if their mom is hot
Buffalo cop suspended without pay over Vine videos
Bill: Missouri Lawmakers Automatically Become Lawyers After 2 Years In Office
Doctor gives First Nations child 'Greetings, Native Savages' sticker
UN Elects Syria & Venezuela to Top Posts on Committee Against "Subjugation of Peoples"
'Hot' Islamic State soldier quits jihad for modeling career
FUJITSU MADE A WEARABLE FOR COWS, AND IT COULD BOOST BREEDING EFFICIENCY IN A HUGE WAY
Government National Defence computer used to question Caramilk's 'chocolate' status
Man 'Accidentally Killed' His Girlfriend With A Cucumber
Police arrest man who taunted them online, taunt him back
Vegan (yes vegan) butcher opens in Berkeley
#CaramilkSecret: Government computer used to question bar's 'chocolate' status
U.S. Soccer to vote for Prince Ali for FIFA president
High school honors student turns out to be 23-year-old Ukrainian man
Donate Relics Of Your Broken Heart To L.A.'s Museum Of Broken Relationships
Police Storm The Home Of 'Damn, Daniel' Creator After Prank 911 Call
Donald Trump bragged he could have slept with Princess Diana
Russian troops 'lose' field gun after holiday salute - BBC News
German, who claims to be "King of Germany", gives back his official drivers license and makes out his own issued by "Kingdom of Germany". Gets 7 months in jail for driving without a license.
University of Houston faculty suggest steering clear of some topics if students armed
Biden and Lady Gaga to team up at Oscars
Disney CEO asks employees to chip in to pay copyright lobbyists
Teen Who Ran Away to Join ISIS Gives Up After Realizing It's "Really Hard"
Swedish Girl Who Ran Away to Iraq Says She Had Not Heard of ISIS
Teenager Wins Competition To Live With A Porn Star
Now's your chance to live at 69 Cock Lane
Is this the rudest address in Britain? A semi at 69 Cock Lane goes up for sale in Surrey for £500,000
Former Mexican President to Donald Trump: 'I'm not going to pay for that fucking wall'
Mother of stabbing victim 'took them down there to fight,' police chief says
Archival - Saudi Cleric Muhammad Al-Munajid: Jailbreaking Your iPhone Not Forbidden by the Shari'a
Obama writes LinkedIn post about his first job scooping ice cream
Ex-KKK David Duke backs Donald Trump for president, website reports
Man legally changes his name to Bacon Double Cheeseburger, fiancée unsurprisingly not impressed
Porn Movie Accidentally Played At A Funeral Service In Cardiff
Game Wardens Search S.F. Vintage Clothing Shop for Illegal Garments
Ohio Police Looking for Bald Man Accused of Stealing Rogaine
Meerkat expert cleared of assaulting monkey handler in love spat over a llama-keeper
Shooting of "Deeply Beloved" Rapist Angers Seattle NAACP
The definitive debunking: Ted Cruz is not the Zodiac Killer
Activist sells 'Ted Cruz Was the Zodiac Killer' shirts, gives proceeds to abortion rights group in Texas
Ben Affleck rewrote the "Batman v Superman" script while wearing his Batsuit
'TIME' names male writer in list of '100 most read female authors'.
Scalia died after hanging out with a centuries-old secret society of hunters
Time's top-read female authors list accidentally includes man
At Ranch Where He Died, Justice Scalia Was Alongside Members of Mysterious, Exclusive Hunting Society Dating Back to 1600s
Scalia's death linked to Bohemian grove, Illuminati
Introduction to the Conservative Lifestyle
Niagara Falls recycling mascot Totes McGoats is 'kinda scary, actually'
Indonesian mayor claims there is a link between breastfeeding and homosexuality
CarMax salesman killed when Corvette crashes in test drive; driver arrested
ONTARIO: Car dealership 'in disbelief' over salesman's death during test drive
Bernie Sanders action toy slouches, points and raises lots of cash
Lazy millennial bowl-haters are hurting big cereal's bottom line
SeaWorld admits employees posed as animal activists to spy on critics
GOP debate: Trump says world would be better off if Saddam Hussein, Moammar Gaddafi were left in power
Trump on why he's being audited: Maybe it's because I'm Christian
After taunt over shoes, teen threatens to 'shoot up school,' Joliet cops say
Unicorn Leads CHP on Chase
Ben Carson: 'Can somebody attack me please?'
Zoning loophole inspires Jedi gaming church
Ignored at debate, Ben Carson asks, 'Can somebody attack me please?'
Ohio fugitive granted parole after spending over 50 years on the run
Mumbai imposes no-selfie zones after deaths.
38% of Florida voters think it's possible that Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer. 10% say he for sure is
E-Cigarette Explodes Inside Man's Pocket
Bald eagle missing after flying off during Palo Alto demonstration
Three women pick up a hitch-hiker and force him to have sex so they can 'harvest his semen' in latest 'sperm collector' attack to hit Zimbabwe
Marco Rubio says the Republican party - 89% white - is "the party of diversity"
Johnson & Johnson ordered to pay $72 million to woman who used talc for decades and died of ovarian cancer
Sperm harvesters on the loose
Mass breastfeeding protest in Bendigo sparked after mother is asked to leave food court
Poll: Nearly 40 Percent of Florida Voters Think Ted Cruz Might Be the Zodiac Killer
Johnson & Johnson loses lawsuit linking its baby powder to ovarian cancer
Unicorn escapes birthday party; captured by CHP
'Coddled' Student Activists Complain There's Not Enough Time for Homework
Racehorse turns into seahorse, swims 2km out to sea
Woman nearly dies after leaving tampon in for 9 days
Polling firm asks Floridians: Is Ted Cruz the Zodiac Killer?
Sandy property owner ready to trade land for beer
Racehorse Rebel Rover swims 2km out to sea, sparks marine rescue operation
Mosque bacon attack could get Titusville suspect life in prison
University of Houston faculty told to avoid 'sensitive topics' around armed students
University Advises Staff to Avoid Angering Students Who Will Soon Be Allowed Guns in Class
SeaWorld admits employees posed as spies
The Secret Spies Of SeaWorld
Terry Crews opens up about his porn addiction, wants to help others "beat it"
Cereal is too complicated for 40% of millennials
First Pastafarian celebrant can help couples get noodley knotted
Beregrus Editor Claims US May Soon Face 'Russian Separatism' In Alaska
Kalpataru Brilliance Goregaon (w)
While US Attorney General, Eric Holder Used Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's Birth Name as His Official Email Address
Brown student protesters complain homework is interfering with their activism
20 Million Gallons of Fresh Water Accidentally Spilled Into Flint, Michigan River
The village in mourning... over their golden GOOSE: Grief-stricken locals leave floral tributes after their beloved mascot is gunned down by yobs in a drive-by shooting
University of Houston advises faculty on how to avoid getting shot by conceal-carry students
British firm launches 'bullet-proof' sofas and chairs to dive behind in a terror attack
Prankster fined for sending pizzas, curries and sex workers to neighbour
CHP Helicopter Tracks Down Escaped Unicorn Near Madera
Gujrat Man Carves Heart Into His Gay Lover's Ass After Killing Him
In Australia Even The Trees Can Kill You
Girl, 18, admits she wasn't gang raped and WAS having sex with her father in park.
Drug gang used giant crocodiles to guard stashes money
A Major Poll Is Asking Florida Voters if Ted Cruz Is the Zodiac Killer
DRUG GANG USED GIANT CROCODILES TO GUARD STASHED MONEY
Hero girl, 10, dies pushing two toddlers out the way of car
40 gun cops, dogs, paramedics in flak jackets... all to arrest suspect for assault on biscuits
Crocodiles found guarding drug money in Amsterdam
Police claim woman 'making eye contact with passers-by' is begging and 'ban her from sitting on ground'
Schoolboy questioned by police after looking at the UKIP website in school
Watching porn in public isn't freedom of speech - SC; The conversation in my country (facepalm)
Ripoff Report Is Distorted Fiction At Best
Australia and UK battle for 'burping Ashes'
'Is Ted Cruz the Zodiac Killer' question on major poll
Ben Carson vows to look at the 'fruit salad' of potential Supreme Court picks
Sears chairman blames Tesla, Uber, and Amazon for sending the retailer to the grave.
Donald Trump endorsed by former KKK leader David Duke
Former Ku Klux Klan leader declares support for Donald Trump
Man arrested after leaving child in car at Boobie Trap
Runaway 'Unicorn' Leads Police On A 4-Hour Chase
Schoolboy interrogated by police after looking at UKIP website at school
Mercedes-Benz swaps robots for people on its assembly lines | Technology
French power station turning cheese into electricity for 1,500 inhabitants in Albertville
Mississippi governor: April named Confederate Heritage Month
How Smart Are Animals - Full Animals Documentary
Columbine survivor, now a lawmaker, pushes to legalize guns in schools
Sixty stone woman has a house specially built for her and neighbours are complaining it's too close to takeaways close-to-takeaways
Hot Chick devours 28 Ounce Burger in 10 Minutes
Canadians banned from Jeopardy despite host being Canadian
Conspiracy Theorists Believe Bizarre Idea That Katy Perry Is JonBenet Ramsey
Obama BOOED LOUDLY at Michigan State Game - Led By Student Section
Man sleds in bathtub tied to back of car in Latvia
German beer purity in question after environment group finds weed-killer traces
Wal-Mart Sued Over Parmesan Cheese With Wood Pulp Filler
Freedom of speech does not extend to watching porn in public: SC
Apparently 38% of Florida voters think it's possible that Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer
Nearly 40 percent of Floridians think Ted Cruz might be zodiac killer
Mumbai creates no-selfie zones to prevent people from killing themselves
Ukrainian man, 23, poses as US high school student for four years
Internet conspiracy theorists think Katy Perry is actually JonBenét Ramsey
Some conspiracy theorists really believe Katy Perry is JonBenét Ramsey
Lindsey Graham: "If you killed Ted Cruz on the floor of the Senate, and the trial was in the Senate, no one would convict you."
Nearly 40 percent of Floridians think Ted Cruz might be the Zodiac killer
Runaway unicorn darts in and out of California traffic
Drug Money found to be protected by Alligator security guards in Amsterdam
Pony dressed as unicorn leads California authorities on wild chase
Runaway unicorn escapes birthday party, gets timeout for being a bad pony
Wisconsin man fires bowling balls from cannon, one hits neighbor's barn and kills horse
New app splits up dinner bill based on wage inequality
40% of young adults say cereal is too much work
SeaWorld admits workers posed as animal-rights activists
Pony dressed up as unicorn leads CHP on chase in Madera County
Man Gets $180 Ticket, Spends 75x That Fighting It
Police scratching heads over bald man who's stealing Rogaine
Giraffe neck is longer than thought
Sanders on dealing with Putin: 'I took on a lot of people as mayor of Burlington'
Canadian City Plans to Track Offenders With Technology That Doesn't Even Exist
Man buys $700 battery, discovers it's just $30 worth of batteries stuffed in a big case.
Tokyo Sexwale pulls out before first round of FIFA presidential vote
Man wants to take MI5 to court 'because they won't stop asking him to become a spy'
Brothers jailed after mocking judge who spared them prison on Facebook
Police Hunt For Man Traveling The Midwest And Stealing Rogaine
Woman Born With No Arms Becomes First Pilot to Fly Airplane With Feet
Delight the Customer or LOSE YOUR JOB: Restoration Hardware CEO Sends Scorching Memo
SeaWorld admits planting worker to spy on PETA
Conspiracy theorist claims Katy Perry is actually JonBenet Ramsey
Fight Over Ramen Noodles Leads to Charges for Inmates
Lindsey Graham Roasts GOP Candidates: 'My Party Has Gone Bat**** Crazy'
Pollster asks Floridians if Cruz is the Zodiac Killer
Fifa election: Tokyo Sexwale pulls out of presidential race during speech to delegates at Extraordinary Congree
After years of intensive analysis, Google discovers the key to good teamwork is being nice
Man spends $71,000 fighting a $180 speeding ticket
Pony Dressed as Unicorn Leads CHP on Wild Chase Near Fresno
Lindsey Graham: GOP Is 'Batsh*t Crazy'
Senator on GOP backing Trump: 'Party has gone batshit crazy'
Lindsey Graham jokes about killing Ted Cruz in roast of 'batshit' Republican field
Clinton: 'Absolutely' nothing to hide in Wall Street speeches
'Girls in tech' competition won by boy
Loose Unicorn Wrangled in Fairy Tale Ending to Pursuit
Kathy Bernier will not stand "hateful" comments about Minnesota's superiority
Study links excess weight to having a poorer memory
A White Hipster Apologized For Vandalizing A Restaurant With "F- You White Hipsters"
Rep. Kathy Bernier walks out of meeting after 'vile' comment by Eau Claire School Board member
St. Louis Outlet Mall Sells for 98% Off
Oregon city fires landscaping goats, citing cost, smell
Conspiracy theory video resurfaces about how Katy Perry is JonBenet Ramsey.
Bernier leaves school meeting after 'vile' comment
Windsor man caught crossing the border with 38 turtles strapped to his legs gets $3,500 fine
No, arthritic goat milk cannot cure HIV
"Unintelligible yelling": CNN's closed captioner is fed up with tonight's GOP debate and doesn't care who knows it
Runaway 'unicorn' prompts police chase
Young and old alike, gay and straight, from everywhere around the world, singles come to this site CflMMm
'Unintelligible yelling': CNN subtitle writers can't keep up with fiery debate as candidates hurl insults at one another
NJ Gov. Christie endorses Donald Trump
URGENT RECALL of Southend rock as sticks are found containing COCAINE
OPEC of Maple Syrup Under Fire as Farmers Turn to Black Market
Chris Christie endorses Donald Trump
Fight Over Whether Florida or Ohio Has Better Strip Clubs Leads to Shooting
Marco Rubio mocks Donald Trump for 'wet' pants
38% of Florida voters believe there is a chance that Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer
Wisconsin man charged with shooting bowling ball out of cannon and killing a horse.
Ireland to hold a referendum on if a woman's place is 'in the home'
Poll Says There Are Plenty of People Who Think Ted Cruz Is the Zodiac Killer
The MacBook Selfie Stick is the art project Apple lovers deserve
Hong Kong leader falls victim to Facebook's 'angry face' feature
Tennessee's new official state rifle is so powerful it can "destroy commercial aircraft"
Chris Christie Endorses Donald Trump for President
Porn Industry Uses Airbnb, Rental Houses for Filming
Police: High School Senior Was Ukrainian Man, 23, With Fake ID
Russia election: Putin warns of 'foreign foes'
Municipal Government in British Columbia wants to track criminals with GPS
Factory Workers Accidentally Eat Their Boss' Dog
'The View': Raven-Symone Vows to Leave US 'If Any Republican Gets Nominated'
US Customs: Passenger hid 1/2 pound of cocaine in vagina
The View's Raven-Symoné Vows to Leave US 'If Any Republican Gets Nominated'
Villagers mourn goose shot dead in suspected drive-by attack
QB prospect Jared Goff not concerned about small hands
Transvestite Vampire Nuns book up for prize
Chris Christie Throws His Weight Behind Donald Trump Campaign
Michael Jackson Estate suing "King of Pop" popcorn company
Tenneessee's new official state rifle is so powerful it can "destroy commercial aircraft"
Second-grader spills the beans on mom's boyfriend's pot farm
Customs: Passenger hid 1/2 pound of cocaine in vagina
Two people charged with stealing 2000 trees from county lands
Poll: Close to 40% of Florida voters think Cruz may be Zodiac Killer
Runaway 'Unicorn' Leads California Highway Patrol on Hours-Long Chase
North Korean Apologist Dennis Rodman back Donald Trump for President
Village Goose Killed In Drive-By Shooting
Matthew Herbert has actually released a tortilla record
Dog Hit by 13 Trains Miraculously Survives
Funny or Die Hires President Obama's Former Speechwriter David Litt
AP EDITOR'S PICK Nebraska mom convicted in 'Mommie Dearest' duct-tape case
First McDonald's in Kazakhstan to offer horse meat burger
'Unicorn' chased by police for 3 hours
Zimbabwe's President celebrates as people suffer
Is Ted Cruz the Zodiac Killer? Maybe, Say 38 Percent of Florida Voters
Nebraska mom convicted in 'Mommie Dearest' duct-tape case
Lindsey Graham jokes about how to get away with murdering Ted Cruz
'Unicorn' leads CHP officers on a nearly four-hour chase
Man with blowgun crashes U-Haul into church
Unlucky strike: Man charged for killing horse with bowling balls fired from homemade cannon
Cosmo's poll found that 83 percent of women believe men think less of a woman who has sex on the first date.. gkNcmXol
The Unmasking: Ted Cruz is Definitely the Zodiac Killer - ABC News
Giant 'watchcrocs' found guarding drug dealers' stash in Amsterdam
Who called Ted Cruz the Zodiac Killer, why, and is he?
Runaway unicorn in California leads police on wild chase
Man caught with 26 kilos of cannabis told police: "I was going to smoke the lot"
Ted Cruz Could Be Zodiac Killer, Florida Voters Say
Drug boss El Chapo would agree to extradition in return for serving sentence at medium-security prison
India Banning Women From Owning Mobile Phones
Middlebury College Bans Energy Drinks, Linking Use to Alcohol, Sex
Britain's fattest woman to move to £150k taxpayer-funded flat in area dubbed 'take-away' heaven
Can you believe this liar?
Florida Man To Stare At Ted Cruz's Mouth For Two Hours Straight
Local artist to stare at Ted Cruz's mouth for two hours
Melissa Harris-Perry boycotting her own MSNBC show
Cultured raccoon creeps into Scarborough high school's art class
Unicorn leads police on chase in Madera County A white pony dressed up as a unicorn led CHP officers on a chase in Madera County.
Unicorn leads police on chase in Madera County
A man legally changed his name to Bacon Double Cheeseburger
Donald Trump really has 97-99% chance of becoming the 45th President.
Virginia sheriff adds 'In God We Trust' to patrol cars and preaches Christian values
My boyfriend and I might be having some fun with another couple this weekend! pdN8ABzp
Bald guy sought in Rogaine thefts, to no one's surprise
Tennessee's official state rifle powerful enough to destroy an aircraft
Bald man wanted for stealing $850 worth of Rogaine
Sound editor hid Eagles players' names in 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'
Want world peace? Share much more on Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg says
Egyptian woman sex with lover, with dead hubby in same room
New Mexico teenagers can now legally sext each other
Police: Black U. of Albany students faked hate crime and are now facing assault charges
Get ready for President Trump, says election whiz who's scary accurate
38 percent of Florida voters believe that it is possible that Cruz is the Zodiac Killer, with 10 percent sure that he is.
Stockton fire department ravaged by fire
Your mom finally found a job!
In Attempt to Regain Youth Vote, Clinton Refers to Benghazi As "Lit"
Apple solves Apple Watch battery life problems: buy more watches
Chinese government demands a ban on "weird architecture"
Hampshire school calls police after pupil looks at UKIP website
It was the price he had toupee
Lazy millennial bowl-haters may be hurting big cereal's bottom line
Millbury Man Takes Heat From Town For Fixing Pothole
Someone listed Egypt's president for sale on eBay. Condition: 'Slightly used.'
Student who left a tampon in for NINE DAYS is left fighting for her life after developing toxic shock syndrome
MasterCard Will Let You Pay for Stuff by Taking a Selfie
Adami: Hair Club customer says he wasn't initially told true cost of maintaining 'new look'
Why aren't millennials eating cereal? It's far too difficult.
Woman caught with half-pound cocaine in vagina
Nearly 40% of Florida Voters Agree: Ted Cruz Is/Might Be the Zodiac Killer
The Savannah Bananas will be the name of Georgia's newest baseball team.
Fishing business owner to face scales of justice in alleged scheme
Woman has a poo in a train station photo booth Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2016/02/24/woman-curls-one-out-in-a-train-station-photo-booth-5714984/#ixzz41K1vjAzg
Savannah summer baseball league team named Bananas after fan vote
Pony leads California police on a wild unicorn chase
Student almost dies after not taking tampon out for 9 days
Washington, DC's pointless streetcar service finally opens
Savannah hopes name of new team has a peel: Savannah Bananas
B&H forced Hispanic workers to use separate bathrooms and discriminated against Blacks and Asians during hiring.
Boy wins competition aimed at getting GIRLS interested in science!
Trump Tower Was Built on Undocumented Polish Immigrants' Backs
Drunk, knife-wielding monkey chases bar customers
Balloon from Pakistan lands in Rajasthan village
Being Latino can be so pricey sometimes
This lady was caught with an unbelievable amount of cocaine in her vagina
Poles Apart - Pink Floyd
'Unicorn' leads California authorities on four-hour chase after escaping photoshoot
Pont dressed as unicorn leads CHP on wild chase near Fresno
NJ Gov Christie endorses Donald Trump for president
Unicorn Leads California Highway Patrol on Chase
Trump: 'I Could Have 'Nailed' Princess Diana'
'Incest is no longer a taboo,' says Australian judge Garry Neilson
Salem, OR gets rid of goat landscaping crew
Human arm photographed floating in Rio Olympic sailing waters
Report: Getting Out Of Bed In Morning Sharply Increases Risk Of Things Getting Even Worse
Village mascot killed in drive-by shooting
Iowa bill would allow kids age 14 or younger to have gun with parental supervision
Killer plant 'eats' great tit at Somerset nursery
Police: Fugitive bids to hide identity, chews off fingertips
Gang Member loses his eyesight getting them tattoo'ed
"Unicorn" leads authorities on three hour chase
Bald Bandit Steals Rogaine In Multiple States
Long Island Woman With Excellent Business Acumen Offers Hot Dogs and Free Lap Dances
Someone Replaced Donald Trump's Eyes With His Mouth And No One Can Tell The Difference
Mayor Blames Instant Noodles for Rise in LGBT Indonesians
ONE MILLION MOMS Complains FOX's LUCIFER is 'Irresistible To Women'
Canadians Prepare, With Some Tongues In Cheeks, For Flight From Donald Trump
EU referendum: Scotland's only Ukip MEP David Coburn wants to leave the EU because his toaster is "powered by some kind of EU windmill"
One Million Moms Demands TV Show Stop Making Lucifer Look So Sexy and Cool
Man in Deadpool mask robs bank
Apple siding with terrorists, no more iPhones for employees, Arizona county says
Frat Brothers Come Out, Fall In Love And Get Married
Ukraine's ex-spy chief forgets he isn't wearing pants on television(xpost /r/Russia)
Every man in Iranian village 'executed on drugs charges'
San Francisco Public Library hosts drag queen story hour for children
Italian city to limit 'ethnic eateries' after explosion in kebab shops
Resist nothing, accept and surrender
Giant pink condom put onto Sydney's Hyde Park obelisk to remind residents to have safe sex
Unicorn leads CHP officers on 3 hour chase
Man builds world's longest selfie stick, takes awful selfie
Their frustration was fueled by the proximity of the fire station directly across the street.
Texas Man Raises Funds For Abortion Rights With 'Ted Cruz Was The Zodiac Killer' Shirts
Peacocks die after being handled for selfies at Chinese zoo
Woman sues West Edmonton Mall for $50,000 after allegedly hurting big toe at waterpark
Runaway "unicorn" leads California police on wild chase
Mother frustrated by son's suspension for saying the number 21 while on a school field trip
Man sells ''Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer'' T-Shirts to fund abortions in Texas
Poll: 38% of Florida voters believe Ted Cruz could be Zodiac Killer
Finger Family Peppa Pig School Play - Nursery Rhymes for Children - Kids...
A Portfolio creation in WordPress is useful and handy.http://www.letsdnd.com/a-handy-guide-to-creating-a-portfolio-with-wordpress/
Damn, Daniel: White Mediocrity Wins Again
World War II veteran waits nearly 12 hours in VA emergency room
Meerkat expert cleared of assaulting monkey trainer in love spat over llama-keeper
Alabama passes law banning cities and towns from increasing minimum wage | US news
Dad shoots daughter aged 9 while showing her 'how to handle guns safely'
The TV Anchor Who Quit On-Air to Sell Weed Was Arrested for Smuggling Weed
Parrot sniper on the loose
Two pregnant women fight over man on Valentine's Day at Olive Garden
Sen. Lindsey Graham Jokes About 'Gone Bat**** Crazy' GOP
Poll reveals 38% of Florida voters think Ted Cruz might be the Zodiac Killer
Philippine Vice-President giving away "Christmas Presents"
Former Mexican President: We're not going to pay for that fucking wall
Controversy as teenage boy wins competition aimed at getting girls into science
Police chase 'unicorn' for 3 hours through rural California
Poll: 38% of Florida voters believe Ted Cruz could be the Zodiac Killer
Oregon scraps goat landscaping scheme due to cost and smell
Reward offered after Sandon village goose Gertie 'shot'
Ladakh - The True Indian Paradise
Afghan boy bags real Messi shirt - finally
Indonesian Mayor: "Instant noodles and formula milk make your baby gay."
12 year old refugee wins 600 metre race
Pilgrims flock to Indian temple said to grant U.S. visas
EU pauses plans to ban super-strength kettles out of fear it would drive tea loving Britons towards Brexit
Man Charged with Murder after Spitting on Subway Tracks
Kesha fans protest at wrong Sony offices for over an hour
Clinton Promises 'Absolutely, Absolutely' Nothing to Worry About in Wall Street Speeches
Drew Barrymore is hosting an 'intimate' Pokémon Day soirée
Bowling ball fired from cannon, horse's death lead to Wis. charges
Jimmy Savile raped 10-year-old boy after dressing as a Womble to film Top of the Pops
Drew Barrymore to Host Pokemon Event for 20th Anniversary Celebration
France's economy minister Emmanuel Macron 'harassed by law student with erotic photos'
Drew Barrymore To Host Intimate Gathering Celebrating Pokémon Afternoon Soiree at the Sunset Tower Penthouse
Isis suspect released from custody because court says it's too busy
INS Arihant: India nears completion of nuclear submarine 'Slayer of Enemies' - so what does it mean for the world?
Seniors fed up with tiny phone book print
30% Of Republicans Want To Bomb Fictional City of Agrabah from Disney's Aladdin
Queensland man spends $100,000 fighting a $250 speeding ticket
NASA Discover Pictures 'Spider' on Mars!!!!
After Thai Princess Doesn't Use It, $40,000 Toilet Is Flown Back to Bangkok
Teen sentenced to at least 40 years in prison for rape, killing of his math teacher
Drive-by yoghurt chucker menaces West Country haberdasher
P.K. Subban farts in front of goalies for competitive advantage
Out for the count ! (Late Connor the Crusher vs. Triple H - Extreme hardcore match)
Apollo 10 astronauts reported hearing odd 'music' on far side of moon
Millennials don't eat cereal because it's inconvenient
Bartolo Colon Reports to Spring Training in the Worst Shape of His Life
Mumbai enforces 'no-selfie' zones after string of fatal accidents
I didn't join in anticipation that internet dating would work and then unexpectedly found the perfect partner and am very very happy zGHGxFoRj
Kentucky Man Named "The Reverend" Charged With Murder of Nursing Home Patient
Unicorn captured; torso murder; polygamist flight risk
The United States of America spends approximately 18% of its GDP on healthcare. Incidentally, ~47% of the population of the United States have had their personal healthcare data compromised over last 12 months
Man who beheaded Greyhound passenger wins right to live alone
Meet Calgary Police's "Diversity" Squad! 4 middle-aged white guys.
Only joined online Dating a few weeks ago, and after more than a year on other sites, and limited success. EQOSpaH7
New Lego Line Includes Stay-At-Home Hipster Dad
£250,000 reward offered to catch man who killed goose in drive-by shooting as police open investigation
Longaberger moving from Big Basket building
I have met the most amazing man and cannot quite believe what is happening between us WF8YZDHLT5
13-Year-Old Boy Wins Competition Geared Towards Getting Girls Interested in STEM
Chicago ABC Station Apologizes For Using McDonald's Restaurant Graphic In Story On Laquan McDonald
I have met the most amazing man and cannot quite believe what is happening between us IDH8xc3IXLs
I have really enjoyed your site and I have met a new lady and things are going well 6xM457Vf
Child porn producer Matthew Kuppe seeks to have picture evidence thrown out
Amy Dickinson jumped on the LGBT hate wagon in her nationally syndicated column. Shame, shame, shame.
Warren Buffett says he's not ready for Tinder
Johnson & Johnson ordered to pay $72 million in damages because their baby powder causes cancer.
'Unicorn' on the loose leads California police in 3-hour chase
JCC camp counselor was allowed to work despite child porn warning
Man armed with sword and blowgun crashes U-Haul into Church following police chase
Meerkat expert cleared of assaulting monkey handler in love spat over llama-keeper
Goose Exhumed After Deadly Drive-By Shooting
Johnson & Johnson told to pay $72 million in talcum powder cancer case
Self Perceived Burden Can Be A Cause Of Suicides
Man loses $22,600 to IRS scammers
Wild bears absolutely decimate campsite. A pair of very large brown bears completely destroy a tent on Sakhalin Island in Russia. The campers are forced to light flares in order to scare them away. It's a good thing nobody was in that tent when the bears came!
The Wiggles played an adults only show - and these grown up 90s kids went absolutely nuts
Snow Penis Reported as Bias-Incident
This military weapon is so powerful it can 'destroy commercial aircraft.' It's Tennessee's new state rifle
Wild bears absolutely decimate campsite
Russian workers hand-feed friendly wild bear
Shock in Chinese village as women's corpses stolen for use in "ghost weddings"
Furious man pays £1,851.94 council tax bill in pennies
Aaron Carter endorses Trump for president
Police seek bald suspect in serial Rogaine thefts
Pill-Popping Pigs Put Humans at Risk
Shazam for Plants Will Identify Any Plant From a Picture
Wife of Redskins owner donated to Trump
Oil change in Regina comes with perogies
Village in England mourns goose killed in drive-by shooting
After beer spa bathtubs, check out these other weird and wonderful beauty fads - including snail facials
Kanye West Pays Tribute to Will Ferrell on Twitter, Says Actor Has Reached "God Status"
Florida Rapper Arrested After Offering Cop Mixtape Instead of Driver's License
Crime down in New Orleans - except murder, rape & robbery
Black entrepreneur 'shocked' at assumption he is a pimp
Box of chocolates responsible for Falkirk Stadium evacuation
Funny Videos-FUNNY TRY NOT TO LAUGH ! CHALLENGE
Obama Nominates Abortion Doctor to Replace Scalia on Supreme Court
The CIA Has Given So Many Weapons to Syrian Jihadis, ISIS is Now Selling Them on Facebook http://thefreethoughtproject.com/cia-weapons-syrian-jihadis-isis-selling-facebook/#hcq=0B1sXDp
Oregon woman sells pipes in support of Bernie Sanders
Listuguj mother shocked by 'Greetings, Native Savages' sticker
Flying Spaghetti Monster church gets OK to perform marriages
New Jersey man returns library book 72 years late
Aaron Carter endorses Donald Trump for President
Austin mayor declares "taco war" on San Antonio
The Marlies sign Zamboni driver (again) as a backup after Reimer trade
Conspiracy theorists claim Katy Perry is JonBenét Ramsey
Tech bro creates augmented reality app to filter out homeless people
Meet Pakistani Porn Star Nadia Ali who still claims to be 'a practicing Muslim'
Man spits on baby, run over by car
Middlebury Bans Energy Drink Sales, Citing Link To 'High-Risk Sex'
Meerkat Expert Cleared in London Zoo Love Triangle Spat
Man spits on baby's face in Surry Hills, is run over but still escapes
Four stabbed in melee at Ku Klux Klan rally in California
JonBenet Ramsey is Katy Perry, says viral conspiracy theorist
Police shoot and kill sleeping couple in standoff
Dolphin dies after being passed around for selfies
VERMONT'S MIDDLEBURY COLLEGE IMPLIED A BAN OVER ENERGY DRINK SALES, CITING LINK TO 'HIGH-RISK SEX'
Man Attempts to Cross the Alps Wearing Prosthetic Hooves
Golden egg offered for information on goose killers
Police are looking for a man who spat on a baby for no reason.
Embarrassed Americans underreport credit card debt by $415 billion
Aaron Carter Endorses Donald Trump for President, Responds to Fans on Twitter
College Bans Energy Drinks for Contributing to 'High-Risk Sexual Activity'
Pregame atmosphere at Stadium Series game is super
Pokémon turns 20 today
Gnomes evicted from Pennsylvania state park
A 12-year-old girl is facing criminal charges for using emoji.
Meerkat expert cleared of assaulting monkey handler in fight over llama-keeper | Toronto Star
Terrorist takes a selfie in front of ISIS headquarters, Air Force bombs it 22 hours later.
Parents on a Date Were Asleep in Car When Cops Arrived and Killed Them Both
ABC7 Unbelievably Used A Picture Of McDonald's For Laquan McDonald Broadcast
Google unveils search engine for children: Kiddle
KKK March Turns Violent, 3 Stabbed.
S.A. city councilman sees breakfast tacos as a uniter, not a divider
New Airbnb policy aims to hire more guys named Dirk
US Customs & Border Protection Catches Woman Trying to Smuggle 0.5 lbs of Cocaine in Her Vagina
Saudi Arabia sentences a man to 10 years in prison and 2,000 lashes for expressing his atheism on Twitter
Rapper brings $200 000 in cash to radio station and proceeds to count it all while the interview continues
American Airlines awards $1,500 to passenger who sat in suspected urine
Wild Lynx casually observes road construction
Bernie Sanders gets Pussy Riot approval as activist visits campaign headquarters
Real-life Steph Curry is creating problems for video-game Steph Curry
Indian state blocks mobile internet to stop cheating on Exams
MillerCoors sued for not producing Coors Light in the Rockies
Man Spits in Front of Cops, Turns Out He's a Murder Suspect, Gets Arrested
Are some jihadi brides just into Isis fighters' bad boy sex appeal?
Right to sleep a fundamental right, says Supreme Court
Philippine VP giving away money
Binays explain video showing VP giving away money
Wild boar create road block on snowy street in Russia
What is "birth rape"?
Bear gets too close for comfort for these campers
Is this Britain's rudest address? Semi at 69 Cock Lane goes on sale
Driver in Russia nearly misses tiger on road
Curious polar bear inspects truck passengers
Robert Mugabe eats giant cake at birthday party in drought zone
Old Spice guy Terry Crews reveals porn addiction
A 12-year-old girl is facing criminal charges for using certain emoji.
Blue ice spotted near Michigan's Mackinac Bridge
If you looking for great time - join here, registred and only r2mDyoJ
Man with whiskey bottle in rectum arrested
Ryanair: British stag party causes flight diversion to Berlin
Supermodel criticizes SI's plus-sized model cover by calling it unhealthy; quotes Dr. Oz.
Millennials Think Eating Cereal Is Way Too Difficult
Donald Trump Retweets Post Likening Him to Mussolini
Someone stole my clothes, but what will dance for you, registration and ofc MxWjQPfv
Internet users raise stink over open-air Chinese toilets without roof or walls, built beside children's playground
WeFood - Supermarket That Sells Only Expired Food
Are these campaigns suppose to sound this stupid?
Defensive Lineman Crashes Out Of NFL Combine 40-Yard Dash Due To Dick Falling Out Of Shorts [NSFW]
Donald Trump Refuses to Condemn KKK, Disavow David Duke Endorsement
Trump declines to condemn Ku Klux Klan
Free all night, l want to have fun. I do not mind to join. BmeIdH7WIV
Bill Murray Announces 2016 Presidential Run - CBS News
This gorgeous 1966 Ford GT40 is up for auction
A 12-year-old girl is facing criminal charges for using emoji. She's not alone.
Raven-Symone vows to leave U.S. if 'any Republican gets nominated'
Trump Won't Condemn KKK, Says He 'Knows Nothing About White Supremacists'
Fargo police arrest naked man, found in church with burnt Bible pages
Aaron Carter endorses Trump
Several adults fight in a crowd of children Tuesday at Peoria Chuck E. Cheese's
Race for peacce in Belgrade accompanied by tanks
Sanders: I can still win
Harvard abolishes 'master' in titles.
Do women play more beatiful chess?
Black Man Interviews White Woman At Laval Tim Hortons, So Someone Calls 911
Half Pound of Cocaine Smuggled to the U.S. in Woman's Vagina
Florida man chews off fingertips to avoid being ID'd at Ohio traffic stop, police say
Pilgrimage for rain held in Qala, Gozo
Donald Trump Retweets Post With Quote From Mussolini
Mr. Burger to marry Ms. King in wedding paid for by Burger King
Robert Mugabe holds $1m birthday party in drought-hit Zimbabwe
Do women play more beautiful chess?
Woman charged after getting stuck in chimney of Spring home
TRUMP: It's fine to spread 'very good' Mussolini quotes
Delaware officer who kicked black suspect in head resigns, gets $230,000
Girl, 12, Faces Criminal Charges For Using Certain Emoji
Incest and necrophilia 'should be legal' according to youth branch of Swedish Liberal People's Party
New Action Video With Fight 2016
Are you looking for some fun sweety. Just sign up for sex iOLAsBDb1qu
Masochist Will Stare at Ted Cruz's Face for Two Hours in the Name of Art
Vegetarian loses lettuce eating contest to guinea pig
Defense Lineman Crashes Out Of NFL Combine 40-Yard Dash Due To Dick Falling Out Of Shorts [NSFW]
8-year-old boy's story about growing 'special' plants ends in pot bust
The New York Times Reports That People In L.A. Are Eating Breakfast
Reporter challenges guinea pig to lettuce-eating contest, and loses, during Quiet Festival
ISIS Buying Shares in Walmart, State Dept. Baffled
Girl, 12, charged for threatening emojis
Man to be sentenced for attempting to murder a corpse
Man offers £790 reward to find horny duo who had sex on his car and left it covered in semen
I like to play with myself. You can see it here hKox4CR9Tn
Article: Man to be sentenced for attempting to murder a corpse
Donald Trump Retweets Quote Attributed to Benito Mussolini
A 16-year-old Russian boy won a contest to live with a porn star for a month
Im tired of my booring husband.. I want harder! Join me, call me a bitch! 0MaW06Z
China dad hires virtual 'hitman' to take out unemployed, video-gaming son
3 Deltona Middle School students accused of poisoning teacher
Reporter challenges guinea pig to lettuce-eating contest during Quiet Festival (VIDEO)
Should we soften our approach to female genital mutilation?
Orioles Get Rid Of Pie Celebrations Over Safety Concerns
Interesting girls. Wet, soft, delicious here NHUaXtlse
Melbourne boy freed from vending machine after six-hour ordeal
Nigeria government's audit removes nearly 24,000 non-existent workers
Black Lives Matter slams public library's ban on blacks-only meetings as racist
I'm thirty years, now, and I had a presentation to find out I am.. bMr5MwlQx5
Mugabe celebrates 92nd birthday with lavish party as country suffers drought
Lindsey Graham: "My party has gone bat**** crazy"
Security fears at Stansted after 6ft3 bearded bouncer managed to board a Ryanair flight to Dortmund using the passport of his 5ft 2in girlfriend
'Sexsomnia' Sufferers Have Sex In Their Sleep, And Don't Remember It
Our missile can turn enemy tanks 'into boiled pumpkin', says North Korea's Kim Jong-Un
Samsung pays Apple $1 Billion fine by sending 42 trucks full of pennies
Woman discovers horse's head inside box in Highbridge Park
Nearly 20 percent of Trump's supporters say freeing the slaves was a bad idea
Fictional character 'Mr Tumble' suspended from the BBC for not having an up to date CRB certificate.
'Shots fired' at Canadian University actually just balloons popping
Artists invent selfie stick for the MacBook
WOMAN KNITS VEST OUT OF OWN HAIR SHE HAS BEEN SAVING FOR 20 YEARS
Sorry tattoo fans, but your Celtic body art is really a Christian design
The Macbook Selfie Stick is Now a Thing
Teenager Wins a Month of Living With a Russian Porn Star
'Shots fired' at Carleton University actually just balloons popping
90 Pounds of Cocain Found on Cargo Ship Owned By Anti-Drug Senator's Family
White Americans Beating Poverty by Taking Facebook Profile Pictures with African Children
Senator Whose Family Was Caught Trafficking Cocaine Says 'No' To Legalized Marijuana
Clinton retweets Sanders' attack on Trump ""America's first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK," Sanders tweeted, which was retweeted by Clinton several minutes later."
Why Stephen Hawking is more afraid of capitalism than robots
Man Missing 30 Years Helps Solve His Own Disappearance
Marco Rubio's Super PAC Casts Him as Harry Potter and Donald Trump as Voldemort
Vermont child's story about growing 'special' plants ends in major pot bust
Security Detail Tackles Homeless Man On Oscars Red Carpet, Turned Out To Be Rob Zombie
Pope Francis' top advisers acknowledged that the Catholic Church "has made enormous mistakes" in allowing thousands of children to be raped and molested by priests over centuries
Porsche full of cocaine gets stuck under moving lorry after driver passes out
Whoopi Goldberg mistaken for Oprah Winfrey in Oscar night gaffe
Washington teacher breaks into woman's home, starts cooking
Tooth decay still on the rise among English children
Australia boy gets stuck in first vending machine he's seen
Rubio attacks Trump's short fingers
Chris Rock's daughters sell Girl Scout cookies at the Oscars, raise $65,243
Sorority members are NOT happy with Chris Rock's Oscars joke about 'sorority racism'
Police lock up dog with no exercise for two years
She Rented Property as Airbnb and Later Found a Sex Toy under a Bed
Toward a "feminist glaciology" at the University of Oregon
[x-post /r/news] A 12-year-old girl is facing criminal charges for using certain emoji. She's not alone.
NASA will pay you 18000 USD to stay in bed and smoke weed for 70 straight days
Leonardo DiCaprio wins an Oscar
Leonardo DiCaprio gets his Oscar
Leonardo DiCaprio Wins His First Oscar
Cat Endures 8-Mile Ride Stuck In Car Bumper, Walks Away Like It's NBD
Airbnb Guests Shocked by Decomposing Corpse in Garden
Woman's memory mattress reveals kinky secret she'd rather have kept to herself
Oscars 2016: Leonardo DiCaprio wins Best Actor for The Revenant
Gnome Homes Enchant a Pennsylvania Park, Until They're Evicted
Woman discovers horse's head inside box at New York City park.
DiCaprio finally gets his Oscar.
MEET TED CRUZ'S SISTER: A HEROIN JUNKIE WHO OVERDOSED IN FRONT OF HER CHILD
Maryland lawmakers consider banning police 'rough rides'
Titusville man faces life in prison for mosque vandalism
Leonardo DiCaprio Wins His First Academy Award for 'The Revenant' at Oscars 2016: See His Reaction
Man jailed for eight years for attempting to murder a corpse
LEONARDO DICAPRIO IS THE 2016 OSCAR WINNER FOR BEST ACTOR
Man strikes woman for not cooking eggs right
Woman blows £130k on plastic surgery to look like her holiday caricature drawing
Meet The Mother & Daughter Who Do P*rn Together And Insist They "Are Not Incestuous"
Boy, 15, quizzed by police after looking up UKip's website
KKK, counterprotesters clash in California; 5 hurt and 13 arrested
Take a lap, Leo: DiCaprio finally gets his Oscar
Is 29 February a capitalist conspiracy?
Police approach unconscious couple in car, attempt to deescalate the situation before shooting them both dead.
US student Otto Warmbier 'stole propaganda' in N Korea
AUSSIE TERROR: ISIS teen attempts to pack Kangaroo with C4 explosive bomb, beheaded police officer
Is Ted Cruz the Zodiac killer? Many Florida voters think it's possible
Surrounded by turkeys, mail carrier trapped in truck calls for help in Hillsdale, New Jersey
Morrisons signs deal to sell food to Amazon customers
Australian boy gets stuck in first vending machine he's ever seen
Ex-Greek Minister Varoufakis To Advise Corbyn
This Dildo Can Be Filled With The Ashes Of Your Loved One
N.J. woman gets in standoff with car-obsessed turkey
Video shows Catholic priest snorting cocaine in room full of Nazi memorabilia
Children sacrificed to bring luck in Uganda elections - charity
Leonardo DiCaprio wins at last as Spotlight shocks
Internet conspiracy theorists speculate that Katy Perry is actually JonBenét Ramsey, the child beauty queen murdered in 1996
Donald Trump retweets fascist dictator's quote attributed to Trump
Mexicans celebrate triumph of Leonardo Dicaprio at the Oscars
'Who Shot Our Goose?' An English Village Mourns the Loss of a Mascot
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has donated 300 cattle to the African Union to help it become less dependent on outside donors
Surfer 'not pretty enough to sponsor'
Bill Gates Offers Common Sense on Unicorns
Kanye West raves about Will Ferrell in 'Zoolander 2': 'His existence is a blessing'
175lbs passenger removed from flight for being too heavy
Greece's 'erratic Marxist' Varoufakis advises Britain's Labour Party, Corbyn says
Catholic priest filmed snorting cocaine in room filled with Nazi memorabilia
Amazon and Brita team up for Wi-Fi water pitchers
ESTIQUE Stem Cell Sunscreen feat. Manohara Odelia
Cops Spent 4 Hours Looking for a 'Unicorn'
Donald Trump Blames Earpiece for Declining to Disavow David Duke
Blossom fans break into Chinese prison ground
When gods were hauled into Indian courts
Horror in Moscow as burka-clad babysitter 'decapitates four-year-old girl in her care' - then walks through streets carrying her severed head and shouting 'Allahu Akbar'
Gawker Twitter bot fed Donald Trump a Mussolini Quote
Catholic priest Fr Stephen Crossan 'caught snorting cocaine in Nazi room'
Black MP Dawn Butler 'mistaken for cleaner' in Westminster
Paddy Power admits it told staff to encourage a possible gambling addict to keep gambling
Charged with first-degree murder, and convicted of voluntary manslaughter, billionaire heiress sentenced to 60 days in jail.
Justice Clarence Thomas has asked questions during a Supreme Court argument for the first time in 10 years.
Justice Thomas asks questions in court, 1st time in 10 years
I want you to COME on me tonight! Have fun and enjoy! SB5Fxuk14j58
Trump Derailed by Obama's Endorsement
Portland police thank 'Anonymous Shopping Cart Guy' for assist
This Tool Allows You To Track Your Friends' Sleep Patterns Via Facebook
Online dating study: Nice guys finish first - when presented second
Brown University students overwhelmed by class, activism
Desperate dad admits he might TATTOO his identical twin babies so he can tell them apart
Ukranian Athlete Hammers Nails Through Wood With His Bare Hands
Catholic priest 'caught snorting cocaine in Nazi room' - BBC News
Stereotyping at 'tequila' party causes backlash
Justice Clarence Thomas breaks 10-year streak, asks question in court
Arctic ground squirrel loves to be on camera
Catholic priest caught snorting cocaine in Nazi room
Lawmakers Behind 'Nipple Bill' Warn of Societal Decline
Would-be robber leaves ID at Oshawa restaurant
Egypt court orders TV host jailed for blaming sexual assault victim
Irish priest 'caught snorting cocaine in Nazi room'
Woman detained in Moscow carrying severed head of child
Catholic priest caught snorting coke in room full of Nazi memorabilia
Donald Trump Blames 'Lousy Earpiece' for His Failure to Disavow White Supremacists
Donald Trump blames 'bad earpiece' for refusal to denounce David Duke and the KKK
21 Signs It's Winter In New England
Donald Trump Says a Bad Earpiece Prevented Him From Condemning the KKK
Donald Trump blames 'bad earpiece' for declining to disavow David Duke and Ku Klux Klan
Romanian player sold for a chunk of meat
Irish priest caught 'sniffing cocaine' surrounded by Nazi memorabilia
Second DEA task force member booked in widening probe into officers suspected of stealing raid-seized drugs, cash
Congressman Claims Rape Doesn't Result In Pregnancy Because He Has Five Daughters and Has Done Research
Parents 'disgusted' at honeymoon killer rap release
Clarence Thomas Asks 1st Question From Supreme Court Bench In 10 Years
Argument Over Boy Prompts 30-Girl Fight At University Prep
'Female Viagra' gets mixed reviews
Boy gets stuck in first vending machine he has ever seen
A Catholic Priest Snorted Cocaine Surrounded by Nazi Memorabilia While on Camera
Bizzare Shoes covered with 'chicken feet'
LET'S SHOOT OWLS TO PROTECT OWLS
Woman with 26 cats claims she's not a crazy cat lady
Mercedes Boots Robots From the Production Line
Think you've seen some ridiculous selfie sticks? This one takes the cake
Northern Ireland priest 'caught snorting cocaine in parochial house with Nazi memorabilia on display'
TSA Stops Passenger With Gun-Shaped Shoes at Baltimore Airport
Runner who died at Malta Marathon had joked about taking part again next year
Boy sees vending machine for first time, gets hand stuck in it
Homeless Man Tackled On Oscars Red Carpet; Turns Out To Be Rob Zombie
Police Shoot and Kill Sound Engineer Who Was Helping Them Film Episode of "Cops"
Can You Open A Bottle Of Wine With A Shoe? Yes, But It Ain't Pretty
McDonalsa entering the VR headset market.
Cops respond after Iowa cat calls 911
'Snow penis' outside college residence hall reported as a 'bias incident'
Catholic priest is caught on video snorting cocaine in a room full of Nazi memorabilia
Paris catacombs offer on Airbnb: spend the night with 6 million dead bodies
MR TUMBLE SUSPENDED by the BBC as he does not have a current CRB certificate
Catholic priest caught on video snorting cocaine in room full of Nazi memorabilia
Marco Rubio insinuates Donald Trump has a small penis
Roanoke teen carrying BB gun fatally shot by police after being tased twice
Selfies get even stranger with MacBook selfie stick
Ohio Killer Who Ate Part of Roommate's Brain up for Parole
Foolish humans blindly follow robot guides into danger
Pilot diverts flight to kick off rowdy bachelor party
Boy gets stuck in first vending machine he's ever seen
Failed St. Louis VA Chief Got Plush Job, Free House in Philippines
Male Arrested after Robbery Attempt in Oshawa
Micheal Jackson Estate Sues Popcorn Maker
Noisy dissent disrupts a harpsichord recital
US lawmakers behind 'nipple bill' warn of societal decline
Bill Murray Unwittingly Breaks Up Bank Robbery In Phoenix Arizona
Priest snorts cocaine in Nazi memorabilia room.
How to Become an EXPERT Snapchatter
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas Asks Question for First Time in 10 Years
25 Women You Won't Believe Actually Exist Around The World
Prince William on fatherhood: 'Please tell me it gets easier'
Catholic priest Farther Stephen Crossan caught snorting cocaine 'in Nazi room'
Man Tries to Eat Cocaine From Rump
Time reporter choke slammed at Trump rally.
Time magazine photographer Chris Morris 'choke-slammed' at Donald Trump rally
Fowl play? $380,000 reward offered for goose's killers
Steph Curry Is On Pace To Hit 102 Home Runs
Clinton Rape Accuser Thanks Lady Gaga For 'Overwhelming' Performance
Rep. Gosar says EPA could have reported Flint water crisis sooner if employees weren't watching porn
In One Month We Will Begin Intentionally Starving Poor People
No kiddin': Oregon goats on mission to deplete invasive species go rogue
Stolen taco truck hits bus full of children, propane tanker in San Bernardino
Rob Lowe says state tax official made 'anti-Semitic' remarks
The Oscars have a Dave Grohl problem: A famous straight white guy everyone likes can always find his way on stage
Hillary Clinton Crashes Bachelor Party: 'I Love Having Men at My Feet'
Passenger removed from flight over weight limitation
Waste not, want not: Idahoans embrace roadkill law
Impressive teen was actually a 23-year-old impostor who slept with student, police say
Facebook posts mocking judge earn brothers two years in jail
Daniel James Darrington jailed for trying to murder a corpse
Federal government spending $1 million on 'suspicious meme' database inspired by Stephen Colbert
NASCAR CEO Endorses Trump Despite Huge Trump Backlash Last Year (Video)
Rage Yoga uses screaming, swearing on path to better health
After Pulling Event From Trump Resort Over Racist Comments, NASCAR CEO Endorses ...Trump
Starbucks Plans First Store In Italy, 'With Humility And Respect
NASCAR CEO Brian France Decides to Publicly Endorses Trump, backlash ensues
Fox News host Bill O'Reilly loses custody of his children after alleged domestic violence incident
Police: Suspect steals $6K doors from zoo, sells for $11.50
On Leap Day, Illinois Towns Used To Let Women Run The Government
Spring Break Timing Trouble for Bernie Sanders Campaign
Bill O'Reilly Loses Custody of Kids in Unanimous Court Ruling
Customer boycotts grocery store over smartphone app trouble
Customer boycotts Co-op over smartphone app trouble
Students could pay off debts by donating kidneys, says academic
Subway to ensure footlong sandwiches are 12 inches after judge OKs agreement
Debt-hit students urged to sell their kidneys
Man takes pet snake for a swim.
In Goa, an official contest to sing BJP government's praises
NASCAR commish endorses Donald Trump
NASCAR CEO, drivers endorse Donald Trump
In a Cruel Twist of Fate, Leo Almost Left His Oscar Behind at the Bar
Man in Australia filmed holding a beer while taking his pet snake for a swim.
Blowman Catholic: Nazi hoard priest snorts cocaine in shocking video
Male teacher in China cosplays as female characters, gets discovered by his own student
HIGH-POTENCY MARIJUANA PRODUCT SHATTERING LIVES
Subway to ensure its 'Footlong' sandwiches measure up to at least 12-inches after lawsuit
An iPhone Is an Extension of the Mind -- The FBI isn't asking to access an uncrackable safe. It wants to compromise the boundaries of the self.
Australian senator who called the United Nations an "unelected and unaccountable body", will represent Australia during a three-month secondment with the global organisation.
McDonald's Is Now Making a VR Headset
Whoopi Goldberg Not Offended After Being Mistaken for Oprah Winfrey at the Oscars: 'People Make Mistakes'
Someone Confused Whoopi Goldberg For Oprah At The Oscars
Oscars 2016: Oprah Winfrey not impressed at being mistaken for Whoopi Goldberg
Man who shot corpse jailed for attempted murder in Australia
Jury Awards New York Firefighters $183 Million in 2005 Blaze
NASCAR chairman and drivers endorse Trump
Indian Army aspirants forced to take exams in underwear
MAD DASH: RACCOON WREAKS HAVOC AT YANKEES SPRING TRAINING
Google's self-driving car crashes for the first time, grazing a bus at 2MPH on a tricky turn, Google yet to comment on the incident.
Kids Are Facing Criminal Charges for Using Emoji
Hairy Nose film takes on China's pollution
South Carolina judges sentence black petty criminals to longer sentences than similar white criminals
Bill "Family Values" O'Reilly has been denied custody of his children by a New York court.
Bill O'Reilly loses custody of his children after alleged domestic violence incident
Man takes pet snake for a swim at a Gold Coast creek
China's pollution problem gets hairy with 'nose-tache' to filter smog
Racial bias evident in South Carolina criminal sentencing, study finds
Army candidates in Bihar asked to take exam in underwear to prevent cheating
Kanye West hires killer eagles to protect his family
16 dogs, 12 frozen cats, 1 decrepit Florida group home
Japan recognises 'right to be forgotten' of man convicted of child sex offences
Barrington school district apologizes for mock slave auction
Hooded crow nips dog's tail in a public park
Google self-driving car hits a bus
Pet snake goes for a 'creek swim' with besotted owner on Gold Coast
High potency marijuana product shattering lives around Houston area | abc13.com
French Win Contract To Make British Military Medals
Photographer hassled by Port of Tyne for filming a sign on a wall
Plastic bag maker goes bust 'due to 5p charge'
Priest in Northern Ireland caught snorting cocaine in a room of Nazi memorabilia
[4K] Земля из космоса / Earth From Space (4K/2160p/UHD-UltraHD)
WWE Superstar Begs His Dad To Take Time Off From METALLICA To See His WrestleMania Match
Italians Compare the Arrival of Starbucks to the Apocalypse
Trump's Lone Donor at Goldman Sachs Said to Be Placed on Leave
Weddings legalised for Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster in New Zealand
I love Diana Vishneva, classical and modern music, travel by car through the city, shopping, wind from the sea rEnDNwS3
Size matters: Subway promises its Footlong sandwiches will be... a foot long
Donald Trump Claims No One Has 'Done So Much for Equality as I Have'
Europe is enabling a rape culture
Mom's kiss more effective than homeopathy in treating children's pain
Jay Z and Tidal Are Reportedly Facing a Lawsuit Over Failing To Pay Artist Royalties
ISIS Hackers Target the Wrong Google
Parents Now Ruining Teens' Lives by Hiring Dogs to Narc on Them
Refugees buying one-way tickets home after finding Germany intolerable
Kylie Minogue Is Not Cool With Kylie Jenner's Attempt to Trademark Shared First Name
DNA tests prove retired postman has 1300 illegitimate children
Bill to ban bestiality hits resistance from New Hampshire farming reps
Bernie Sanders: 'After a lot of thought, I voted for me'
ISIS Hackers Attacked The Wrong Google
33 children, three wives: This is why we need a population census
An Optimistic Bernie Sanders Votes for Bernie Sanders
Class action launched against Nurofen over misleading claims
Parents hire K9 teams to search teens' rooms
Stolen taco truck, fleeing police, hits school bus
San Antonio: 75 rounds of ammunition found underneath house, nearby homes evacuated for hours
Goldman Sachs Puts Worker Linked to Donald Trump on Leave
Israeli soldiers who relied on Waze blundered into a deadly firefight with Palestinians
hild Molesting Priest, Sentenced to 15 Years in Prison, Wants Out After 6 Months Because He's Learned His Lesson
In the World of Cat Fiction, Fur Flies Over Whether Stars Get Speaking Roles
Former SAS trooper spends £100k on Moby Dick boat because...why not?
Donald Trump: 'There's nobody that's done so much for equality'
Osama bin Laden Feared Wife's Tooth Held a Tracking Device
75 rounds of ammunition found underneath house, nearby homes evacuated
White Supremacists Are Loving Donald Trump's Presidential Campaign
Trump: Nobody's done more for equality than me
Donald Trump's Message Resonates With White Supremacists
Gang 'used rap lyrics to discuss guns'
Bin Laden left $29m inheritance for jihad
Man charged after his newborn tests positive for amphetamines and opiates
Palestinian Family Taken Into Custody; Two-year-old Toddler Spends Four Hours in Jail
DNA TESTS PROVE RETIRED POSTMAN HAS OVER 1,300 ILLEGIMITATE CHILDREN
Stone Age 'Baby Hands' May Actually Belong to Lizards
Mark Zuckerberg Net Worth: 5 Quick Facts
LPD: 3-year-old found alone in N. Lubbock apartment tells officers 'I need a beer', mother arrested
It's Kylie Minogue versus Kylie Jenner in a battle for who owns their name
Butt mentoring Michigan tight ends.
Traveler Stopped At BWI Checkpoint With Firearm-Shaped Accessories
Company to offer 'period leave' to its female staff
In Bihar(India), candidates asked to strip down to their underwear for Army exam
23-Year-Old Man Becomes High School Honor Student
NASCAR CEO Brian France endorses Donald Trump on the eve of Super Tuesday
Butt Mentoring Michigan Tight Ends, Ann Arbor Youngster
Man steals money from Girl Scout selling cookies
Marco Rubio Suggests That Donald Trump Has Smaller Than Average Genitals
First man contracts HIV while on prevention drug
Priest rescued after crucifix catches fire
Ivy League Moves to Eliminate Tackling at Football Practices
Gold brick found in Calgary bathroom
Crimea hands out military draft papers to newborn boys
Bailey Gwynne: Schoolboy stabbed after 'biscuit row'
Newspaper that endorsed Christie: 'Boy, were we wrong'
McDonald's Is Now Making Happy Meal Boxes That Turn Into Virtual Reality Headsets
Jay Z and Tidal facing lawsuit for not paying artist royalties
23-year-old man enrolls in high school, becomes popular honors student
Study Finds Women Get Misleading Information About Abortion
So, why exactly is this thread locked?
Mexico Hilariously Celebrates Leo's Oscar Win With DiCaprio Masks and Bears
Man Crushed to Death by Garbage in Northeast Philadelphia
Some McDonald's and KFC branches are banning under 18s
States Give Women Misleading Abortion Information, Study Finds
State (of Alaska): Half of all pot applications contain errors.
Attorney representing local HOA demands guestlist lfrom neighborhood swingers club be revealed.
Donald Trump's immigration plan could affect the nation's milk supply
Racial Chants Erupt At Basketball Game Between Catholic Schools
Israeli troops who relied on Waze blundered into deadly firefight with Palestinians
McDonald's evolves Happy Meal Box with VR goggles
Anchorage is so snow-starved it has to haul snow in by train for Iditarod start
Saudi Cleric: Women Posting Pictures of Food on Snapchat Are Causing Cancer in Children
Man who shot his wife told police he 'loved her to death'
Clinton to voter: "Why don't you run for something then"
Louisiana DEA Agent Arrested For Dealing Drugs (x-post /r/news)
Leo Forgets His Oscar In A Restaurant Where He Was Vaping For Victory
Israeli troops follow the Waze app into a Palestinian camp, deadly firefight ensues
Violence Erupts After 2 Israeli Soldiers Using Waze App Get Lost in West Bank
Trump's Ex-Wife Says He Kept Hitler's Book of Speeches by Bedside
PrEP Fails in Gay Man Adhering to Daily Truvada, He Contracts Drug-Resistant HIV
90-year-old woman opts for epic road trip over cancer treatment
Mark Zuckerberg says he's not a virtual reality overlord
Male Politicians Warn Exposed Boobs May Cause Society To Collapse
Bill Maher Inspires Plan for Massive Pot-Smoking Protest at White House
Are Donald Trump's fingers weirdly short? An investigation.
Bin Laden called for Americans to rise up over climate change
CCTV Shows homeless man tipped in bin lorry compactor
A Better Way to Turn Poop Into Energy
Sony Pictures Animation and WWE Studios catch a wave together in 'Surf's Up 2: WaveMania'
Defense in Erin Andrews lawsuit says peephole video was good for her career
Maryland airport stops woman with gun-shaped heels
PACER TEST BANNED FOR CHILD CRUELTY
Osama Bin Laden Worried That Wife Had Tracking Chip in Tooth
Safety over sexy: Airport stops woman with gun-shaped heels
Court documents outline arson charge against Stillsmoking
Amherst police respond to report of feces found in washing machine
Bin Laden urged a close aide to launch a media campaign for the 10th anniversary of 9/11 that included a call for cutting greenhouse gas emissions.
French parents 'could be jailed' for posting children's photos online
Teen Shoots Grandma, Sister and Nephew Because He Doesn't Want to Get Up for School
This 12-year-old girl is another reminder that using the wrong emojis can get you arrested
Police: East Nashville teen shoots family over getting up for school
Trump: People always tell me "you have the most beautiful hands
Police investigate priest who was allegedly 'caught snorting cocaine in Nazi room'
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah El Sisi Briefly Goes Up for Sale on eBay
Israeli troops relying on Waze app blunder into Palestinian area; clashes follow
Women given 'period leave' to make them more productive
App Leads Israeli Troops to Palestinian Camp Sparking 'Hannibal' Rescue Operation
Bieber invited to Costa Rica so that he stops buying monkeys, learns preservation
Alabama woman valiantly defends driveway from confused voters with riding lawnmower
Weekend Renters Find Corpse in Garden of Paris Airbnb Home
'Donald Drumpf' Is Beating Rubio and Cruz for Second in Web Searches
Gunfire Erupts After Waze App Leads Israeli Soldiers Into Palestinian Camp
The Political Economy of the U.S. Constitution | Dwight R. Lee
CNY school ends gym class 'slave game' held for Black History Month after complaint
Plane named 'Gay' to support LGBT rights
Two Israeli Soldiers Follow Waze GPS App, Stray Into West Bank Refugee Camp
Israeli Soldiers Get Lost Using Waze App, and Clashes Follow
Video Game Vest Simulates Sensation of Being Capped
Teen, peeved at getting up for school, shoots family
Cuckerberg: Hypocrite Facebook CEO accuses employees of 'silencing speech' while he censors anti-refugee posts among other things
Waze app leads IDF soldiers into Palestine, conflict erupts
Italy moves to toughen penalties for olive oil fraud
Gun-shaped heels land woman in hot water with TSA
Students Had BDSM Sex. Male Says He Obeyed Safe Word. GMU Agreed, Expelled Him Anyway.
Deputy Fired for Stealing Scotch Tape from Victim's House
Waze App Denies Sending Israeli Soldiers Into Harm's Way
Bill Clinton Gets a Little Too Close to Voters in Boston
Anti-vaccine parents tear up with sadness when talking about son who got into medical school
Man gets 3 years for forcing boys to watch 'Mommie Dearest'
Yahoo's Tumblr may tumble to nothing of value
Judge tells Lincoln drug dealer: 'You weren't very good at it'
Can Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Stash Swing the Election?
Ben Carson Campaign Chairman on Path to Nomination: 'We Clearly Don't Know'
Grind TV: Billionaire asks California for $30M to give beach access
Mormon leader: "There are no homosexual members of the church."
Tennessee Teen Shoots Family After Being Told to Get Out of Bed
Carson camp: 'We clearly don't know' our path to nomination
Nobel peace prize: record nominations including Trump and Pope
To Prevent Cheating, Indian Army Recruits Took Entrance Exam in Only Underwear
Candidates asked to appear for Army recruitment exam in underwear
Catholic Priest Caught On Video Snorting Cocaine In Room Filled With Nazi Memorabilia
Ivy League mulls banning tackles at football practices
Shots Fired! Katt Williams Challenges Kevin Hart to $5 Million Showdown.
SHOTS FIRED! KATT WILLIAMS CHALLENGES KEVIN HART TO $5 MILLION SHOW DOWN
Subway to ensure 'Footlongs' measure up after lawsuit
Surf's Up 2: WaveMania Casts WWE's John Cena, Triple H & More
Helen Garner learns of $207,000 literary prize win after checking junk email
Japan to compensate POW for anguish caused by Nagasaki bomb
Stolen Taco Truck Hits School Bus, Crashes Into Propane Tanker
Donald Trump has been 'nominated for Nobel Peace Prize' for 'vigorous peace through strength ideology'
"This party does not prey on people's prejudices:" House Speaker calls out Trump on KKK
A Catholic priest in PA allegedly molested children while listening to Bill Cosby records
Super Tuesday: Monica Lewinsky Shows Public Support for Hillary Clinton
GOP leaders: No place for bigotry in the Republican Party
Alhambra Source: Man Hit by Car, Dragged into Next City
Breaking Down Each State By Most Searched PornHub Term
HIGH POTENCY MARIJUANA PRODUCT SHATTERING LIVES AROUND HOUSTON AREA
Teens graffiti school: and misspell "SCHOOL"
Catholic Priest Caught on Video Allegedly Snorting Cocaine During "Two-Day Bender"
San Francisco deputies charged with forcing inmates into 'fight club'
North Korea to boycott UN rights council
Outbreak of syphilis declared in Las Vegas
False killer whale befriends 10-year-old boy
Doctors urge schools to ban tackling in rugby.
Plumbers find $50,000 gold brick while renovating Calgary bathroom
Kanye West's new album The Life of Pablo is streaming on Pornhub
Draymond Green: Winning a championship is 'better than sex'
Teacher told to resign after student steals her phone and shares her naked picture with his classmates
Why Bernie's landslide spiritual victory over Clinton on super Tuesday shows Clinton is no threat to the political revolution and will be defeated effortlessly
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump cemented as 2016 leaders
ISIS hackers target the wrong Google: Caliphate Cyber Army hack small Indian firm 'Add Google Online' in apparent case of mistaken identity
Osama Bin Laden Worried Wife Had Tracking Device in Her Tooth
Trump threatens to close resort if wall not built
Portland's newest bridge is open, and it has a dedicated bike lane...which is about 4" narrower than a pickup truck
UvloRN - 2016 🎈😻
76 hungry Boko Haram members surrender to Nigerian military
Kanye West caught using Pirate Bay to download music software after threatening to sue users for pirating his album
Whoops! Kanye tweets photo showing him using Pirate Bay
Kanye caught on Pirate Bay while his album streams on Pornhub
Firm plans to give women time off for periods
Kanye West: secret Pirate Bay user?
ANBL refuses to sell to 40-year-old Dieppe woman born on leap year
'How to move to Canada' Google searches have skyrocketed since Donald Trump's Super Tuesday performance
Erin Andrews endures brutal cross examination as lawyer suggests nude leak of video advanced sportscaster's career
Defense lawyer argues Erin Andrews' career thrived after nude video leak
Kanye West's The Life of Pablo is streaming on Pornhub
Kanye, Champion of Paid Streaming Music, Got Caught Trying to Torrent Software
Apple silent on mysterious noises from Sunnyvale complex
Moscow child beheading: Uzbek nanny says 'ordered by Allah'
Kanye Busted Torrenting Music Software From The Pirate Bay
St. Jude asks Decatur County to change name of annual benefit hunt
Louisiana DEA Agent Arrested For Dealing Drugs
Gun club closed because of pollution from spent bullets
Kanye West caught using Pirate Bay-possibly to download music software
Traffic app Waze denies misdirecting Israeli troops
Kanye West caught using Pirate Bay to download music software
Teacher Could Face Charges for 'Contributing to Delinquency of Minor' Who Stole Her Phone and Distributed Nude Photos from It
Chinese Man Slaughters and Eats Dog, Then Finds Out Corgi Belonged to His Boss
Man breaks in to store for cigarettes but leaves cash
He wanted to stay in bed. His family wanted him at school. So he shot them, police say.
Adblocking is a 'modern-day protection racket', says culture secretary
Trump's huge Super Tuesday win leads to spike in searches for 'how to move to Canada'
Google searches for 'How to move to Canada' spike after Trump win
UK Company To Offer 'Period Leave' For Female Employees
Seattle's Young Salmon Are Laced With Our Antidepressants
Good year for deaths drives profit rise for British funeral firm
Not so smooth criminal - 'Michael Jackson' busted for glove theft
Indian army makes recruits take test in underwear - to avoid cheating
Sam Smith Says He 'Hated Every Minute' of His Oscars Performance
#SuperTuesday: Searches for 'How can I move to Canada?' spike
Using water for cars, plants to invite an FIR
WWE wrestlers including The Undertaker and Triple H to star in film about surfing penguins
Chick-Fil-A Will Give You Free Ice Cream if You Put Your Phone Down
Kanye West just got caught using The Pirate Bay - the website he reportedly wanted to sue
Ex Mexican president: Trump reminds me of Hitler
Injured woman found crocheting in crashed vehicle
Helmeted Toe Cartoons (Ew!) May Distort Drug Risks in TV Spots
Texan who says Obama was a gay prostitute holds commanding lead in Board of Education vote
Girl, 5, blows safety pin out of her nose after 6-month mystery illness
Watch Chris Christie Die Inside Beside Donald Trump on Super Tuesday
Burger King customer orders an $80 Whopper
Louis Farrakhan on Donald Trump: 'I Like What I'm Looking At'
Here's What $80 Worth of Extra Pickles on a Whopper Looks Like
Liberals to keep memos on openness a secret
Lamar County, Texas elects county clerk with extensive criminal record, rather than reputable gay man.
'Family Values' Candidate with Long Rap Sheet Takes on Gay County Clerk in East Texas
'Piss poll' in London pub lets Brits vote for the Republican they hate the most
Camera trap captures rare snow leopard in natural habitat on film
Kanye West caught browsing music torrent site The Pirate Bay
Fungus turns frogs into sexy zombies
California pony in unicorn getup captured after 3-hour hunt
Miley Cyrus Cries On Instagram, Vows To Leave Country If Trump Elected
Council launches bizarre public order notice banning people from swearing at Salford Quays
The IRS is using a system that was hacked to protect victims of a hack-and it was just hacked (x-post from r/technology)
The IRS is using a system that was hacked to protect victims of a hack-and it was just hacked
Google searches for 'move to Canada' spike on Super Tuesday
deadmau5 Calls Out Kanye West for Software Piracy
Taco Bell Rolls Out Cheetos Crunchwrap Slider for People With No Self Control
16 year old kid shoots grandmother, mom, 12 year old sister and 6 year old nephew. Angry he had to wake up and go to school.
Jared Fogle 'has gained 30 pounds after just three months behind bars
Ottawa man wakes to find the contents of someone's home on his driveway.
Osama bin Laden cared more about climate change than most politicians
Governor Declares April "Confederate Heritage Month"
French children could sue their parents in future for a breach of privacy if they upload photographs of them on to Facebook
World's largest collection of Chinese menus acquired by University of Toronto
Federal proposals on how to make the government less secretive are being kept secret
Cops to Whomever Left Drugs: "We Feel Horrible About Your Loss"
Government Asking People To "Hack The Pentagon" To Find Security Flaws
Mountain biker faces court summons for 180 metre wheelie
John McAfee says he will crack the iPhone for the FBI or literally eat a shoe - on national television.
A group of 30 black students were reportedly removed from a Donald Trump rally before it even started
'Hack the Pentagon' and Get Paid Legally in New Program
Subway Footlongs Will Now Be a Foot Long
Bill Murray Unwittingly Breaks Up Bank Robbery In Phoenix Arizona - ABC News
A new bride accused of stabbing her husband in the heart has told a court he walked into the knife she was holding in her hand.
30-year-old accused of drugs offences released on bail to live in Barcelona
Local lawmaker proposes St. Louis secede from Missouri
What is a pirate's least favorite letter? Me885tnwxXZ
Group of 30 black students ejected from Trump Rally before it even started
Indonesia could feed dealers to death with their own drugs.
Trump-backing CNN contributor: KKK killed people for 'progressive agenda'
Coroner: Woman, 86, strangled by medical alert necklace
Now Saudi Arabia bans CHESS: Top Muslim cleric outlaws game because it is 'a waste of time and encourages gambling'
Family Says Wrong Woman in Casket at Grandmother's Viewing, Body Lost
COPS TO WHOEVER LEFT DRUGS: WE FEEL 'HORRIBLE FOR YOUR LOSS'
Gran theft auto! Watch careless lady driver escape traffic cops with quick getaway
Bros Plan Wildly Insensitive 'Escape From Angola' Triathlon on Grounds of Angola Prison
I have to say thank you to you for enabling me to meet someone who now means very much to me and with whom I'm now sharing exciting and fulfilling times. 50W2nGWordb
Pastor burnt to death for witchcraft - allegedly set loose an invisible penis and his wife terrorized the community by turning into snail
Feel the Dating Bern: Top politically savvy match-makers
John McAfee better prepare to eat a shoe because he doesn't know how iPhones work
Radio host hospitalized after hiccuping for 41 hours straight
Dell traps Microsoft cloud in smaller box
Monty Python star John Cleese will no longer perform at university campuses as political correctness kills comedy
DIABETES GROUP CONDEMNS POOH BEAR'S "UNHEALTHY HONEY ADDICTION"
Mummified captain found in 'ghost ship' he sailed in for seven years after death
Doctors In Flint, Mich., Push A Healthy Diet To Fight Lead Exposure
Man broke into store, took cigarettes, left $6
Link Between Zika Infection And Guillain-Barré Syndrome Identified
Google Search For 'How To Move To Canada' Spikes During Super Tuesday
Michigan Family Welcomes 2nd Child Born on Leap Day
Google searches spike: 'How can I move to Canada?'
Canadian banned from owning turtles after smuggling 38 in pants
CDC Warns of 'Healthy' Food Outbreaks: Sprouts, Salads, Organic Shakes and Meals, Cucumbers
Jared Fogle Prison: Pedophile Gained 30 Pounds Without Subway: Report
Teacher pushed to resign after student grabs nude pics from her phone
Mexican drug lord El Chapo Guzman 'requests US extradition'
Former Subway Spokesman Jared Fogle Already Gained 30 Pounds in Prison
86-year-old woman accidentally hangs herself with medical alert necklace
How to move to Canada search spikes after super tuesday
Aaron Carter Says He's Getting Death Threats Over His Trump Tweet
Ottawa man wakes to find contents of someone's home on his driveway
Jared Fogle Beaten Up in Prison, Already Gained 30 Pounds - Report
Company to give women 'period leave' off work to cope with pain of monthly cycle
Bristol firm plans to give women time off for periods
Jared Fogle Already Gained 30 Pounds in Prison
Jared Fogle Beaten Up in Prison, Already Gained 30 Pounds
Bill Clinton Appears to Violate Election Rules With Polling Station Visits, Clogging Of Voter Lines
Are female emojis sexist and harmful to girls?
Belief in the immortal soul makes believers more accepting of end-of-the-world scenarios
People are not happy about Bill Clinton's appearance at Mass. polls
John McAfee unlocks an iPhone and does not eat a shoe
Jared Fogle Has Gained 30 Pounds in Prison
Travis County GOP Apoplectic Over New Chairman
Ancient Greeks did not have laptops!
President Bill Clinton greets Super Tuesday voters at West Roxbury polling place
These Vibrating Yoga Pants Will Correct Your Downward Dog
86-Year-Old Woman Accidentally Strangled to Death By Medical Alert Necklace
How to move to Canada - Google search spikes after Donald Trump Super Tuesday success
U.S. military invites vetted experts to 'Hack the Pentagon'
Zap your way to to Zen with vibrating yoga pants
No, You Can't Vape on Commercial Flights, Transportation Department Says
86-year-old woman strangled by life-saving device
Man jailed for insulting UAE on Whatsapp
Piers Morgan compares Donald Trump to a 'right-wing Richard Branson'
UK company to introduce 'Period Policy' for female staff.
Wednesday @ 5: Hair weaves believed to contain 'demonic spirit'
Trump Son Says He Didn't Mean to Speak to Pro-Slavery Radio Host
Waiter asks man who represents the Marriott hotel Erin Andrews is suing, and who testified at the trial, to stop watching the peephole video and laughing about it while they were dining at the restaurant.
McDonald's testing Happy Meal box that folds into VR viewer
Google Searches for 'How to Move to Canada' Spike After Super Tuesday Results
Google Searches for 'How to Move to Canada' Spike Following Super Tuesday Results
Trial begins for Kezia Perkins, accused of "chest-butting" a 71-year-old woman
Sea Pirates Hacked Shipping Company to Plan Attacks, Find Valuable Cargo
Mom arrested after 3-year-old tells Texas cop, "I need a beer"
Man says he left infant in car because he has a prosthetic foot: Richmond Heights Police Blotter
'Donald Drumpf' is beating Rubio and Cruz for Second in Google Searches
Disney Is Marketing Zootopia to Furries, Which Is Genius
Iowa Lawmakers Passed a Bill Letting Children Own Handguns (VIDEO)
Bernie Sanders on Phish: 'One of the Great Bands in This Country'
Jared Fogel has gained 30 pounds in prison
Report: Jared Fogle gained 30 pounds during 3 months in jail
Jared Fogle: Famous for loosing 200 lbs, Gained 30 Pounds in Prison,
Fake sleeping pills turn man's suicide bid into a big yawn
Police: Man taking selfies with gun fatally shoots himself in the face
Mass Killer Suing Norway Over 'Inhumane' Prison Conditions
Student stole nudes. Teacher forced to resign.
Man Breaks Into New Mexico Store-To Pay For Cigarettes
Google Searches for Moving to Canada Rose More Than 1000% After Super Tuesday Results
Would Donald Trump fans support Adolf Hitler?
Man and Woman Shot While at Memorial for Slain Family Member Wednesday
How tech is reshaping male masturbation
Has Donald Trump Ever Used a Computer?
Americans' Opinions On Spanking Vary By Party, Race, Region And Religion
Man accused of waterboarding girlfriend to determine whether she was being unfaithful
Demonic weaves believed to be root of hair crimes
Stress-eating Jared Fogle has gained 30 pounds in prison
86 year old woman strangled to death by medical alert necklace
Millionaire Apologizes for Driving With Police Officer Dragging From His Jaguar
Organic Burial Pods Turn Cemeteries Into Sacred Forests: Egg-shaped biodegradable containers offer a refreshing alternative to coffins
School sued for not allowing girls to wear pants.
Man taking selfies with gun fatally shoots himself
JARED FOGLE HAS GAINED 30 POUNDS JUST 3 MONTHS INTO HIS PRISON SENTENCE
The real winner of Super Tuesday was Canada, after searches for 'how to move' surge
2 chickens recuperating after fire destroys their coop
Man taking selfie with gun shoots himself and dies
Chris Christie's Wordless Screaming
Suicide probe after disgraced energy CEO and Oklahoma NBA team owner drives 'straight into a wall' two hours before he was due to hand himself in on charges of market rigging
Tennessee Teen Shoots Family to Avoid School
Police: Teen didn't want to go to school, shoots family
Kanye tweet accidentally shows him browsing file-sharing site Pirate Bay
Let's Stop Requiring Advanced Math, A New Book Argues
Louis Farrakhan praises Donald Trump
Bear, Lion and Tiger Become an Inseparable Trio After a Sharing a Traumatic Past
Ex-Subway Spokesman Jared Fogle Gains Back Weight While in Prison
'I Lift, Bro': Prof MELTS DOWN About Conservative Event, Tries To Pick Fights With Students
Former Subway pitchman Jared Fogle binge eating in prison, already gained 30 pounds in three months
Moments of joy 'can damage heart'
Woman Rescued From Chimney Says She Just Wanted to Get Warm
Marine biologist gets fine, more probation for being too close to otter
Kanye West, who wants to destroy 'The Pirate Bay', caught using torrent site
KFC-loving litterbug set to be fined
#slimeysanders will smoke your bowl then call the cops
best wedding planner in india,Affordable Wedding,affordable wedding service provider in india
Quạt trần trang trí - Quao cấp - Quạt trần nhập khẩuạt trần c
Man fatally shoots himself while taking selfies with a gun.
Caught on camera: Thieves storm Houston gun store
Westlife,Boyzone look set to form new supergroup called Boyzlife
Wash. man accidentally killed himself while taking a selfie with his gun, police say
Texas's newest GOP official is an insane conspiracy theorist who called Hillary Clinton an 'angry bull dyke'
Palestinian ambassador to North Korea praises its leaders as "brilliant, devoted to freedom"
Cardinal George Pell tells royal commission it was a 'disastrous coincidence' Ballarat had
Alabama School System randomly drug tests students and puts the ones who fail on probation
Cardinal George Pell tells royal commission it was a 'disastrous coincidence' Ballarat had so many paedophile priests
George Pell tells royal commission it was a 'disastrous coincidence' Ballarat had so many paedophile priests
Prostitute calls police after client's dog joins sex act
'Hot dog hooker' offers 'lunch and a lap dance'
Vision-impaired woman slugged with traffic offence
UC Santa Barbara student government approves resolution in support of free speech
Mass Killer Breivik: Prison Life Is 'Inhuman'
Best Herbal Solution for Hair Care
People face fines for swearing after council bans cursing in the street
Row erupts after Salford City Council swearing ban
Manchester United launches a co-branded tractor
Guy challenges hackers to destroy his life - regrets it
Superman 'under threat' as scientists discover how to make kryptonite for the first time
Woman brings live tank shell into Austrian police station
Man Bites Dog, Police Say
Machete-wielding man in wheelchair indicted for store robbery
More ugly fruit and vegetables coming to Loblaw stores across Canada
Nanny who beheaded Russian girl cites revenge for Putin's Syria strikes
$17 smartwatch sends something to random Chinese IP address
Guy dies while doing a dine and dash from... Applebee's of all places
Man accidentally kills himself 'while taking selfie with a gun'
Uber and Ola launch bike taxi services in Bangalore, India. With the fare as low as 3 cents per Mile, this is seriously going to endanger the tuk-tuk business in Bangalore.
Applebee's Dine-and-Dash Suspect Dies After Chase
Man dies after accidentally shooting himself while taking selfie
Ottawa man finds 'huge pile of junk' in driveway; police look for junk's owner
Psychiatric hospitals filling up with time travellers sent back to kill Donald Trump
Man Suspected of Ducking Restaurant Bill Dies After Running From Police
Villagers attack internet engineer for 'being a witch'
Students Shocked Over Panera's Closure
In active shooter situation, don't just stand there...
2 Former Male Employees Of Hooters File Suit Alleging Sexual Harassment
Ex-Subway pitchman Jared Fogle gains 30 pounds in prison
Architects are allowed to keep using the name 'Architects', say architects
Romney Calling Trump 'Phoney,' Urging Republicans to Shun Him
Man Breaks Into New Mexico Store & Pays for Cigarettes
Sheriff: Man taking selfies with gun fatally shoots himself
Kalavathi illigal Affair with Sister Husband
FBI: Flight attendant set plane bathroom on fire during flight
FBI: Flight attendant set fire to plane's bathroom, lied about it
Republicans are now blaming Barack Obama for Donald Trump
Conservative pundit blames Obama for Trump's rise
Teenager shoots his family because they told him to get out of bed and go to school
PC Hysteria Claims Another Professor
Guess Who's In Charge Of Tomorrow Night's GOP Debate? Hint...R-O-M-N-E-Y
Kansas professor under investigation for using racial slur that left students 'in tears'
Gray's Anatomy may have been largely plagiarized, written by a scoundrel
Romney Calling Trump 'Phony,' Urging Republicans to Shun Him
Chinese man tries to do magic with a fake gun but gets arrested
A renowned science journal just published an article mentioning "The Creator"
ISIS tries to hack Google, takes down small Indian firm
Florida man falls 11 stories because he was "stretching his back on the railing".
Man, Woman Killed in Police Shooting Were Unconscious When Police Arrived: Mayor
Spotify, NYC doc create perfect playlist for giving birth
man falls 11 stories because he was "stretching his back on the railing"
Demonic weaves believed to be root of hair crimes in Memphis
Trump Now Leading Among Crucial 'Republicans Who Hate Trump' Demographic
Flight attendant set plane bathroom on fire during flight
Gunman on hoverboard shoots driver in northwest Dallas, rolls away
Woman checks spam folder, learns she won $150,000
Woman, 86, strangled to death by her medical alert necklace
Etsy's Handmade Label Now Includes 'Artisanal' Factories
Concrete man surprisingly not bullet proof
GOP Lawmaker: Is There an 'Amazon.com for Human Parts'?
Bailey Gwynne: Teen died after 'fight over biscuits'
Cameron Diaz to star as Maya Angelou in biography
Demonic hair weaves to blame for murders and other crimes in Memphis
Social media sensation 'Bernie Baby' dies from SIDS
'Bernie Baby', who garnered online fame for Bernie Sanders costume, dies of SIDS
Hasbro Removes Bank And Cash From Monopoly To Avoid Corruption
Six Flags to add virtual reality to roller coasters this season.
Company designs circular phone for women - because they struggle with rectangles
Russian Roulette with semi-automatic gun leaves 1 teen shot in head, 1 teen jailed
Suffolk tourist board embarrassed after metal band Cradle of Filth voted county's greatest icon
Wearing Gear VR on a roller coaster defeats the whole point of roller coasters
Man jailed for riding motorbike through busy shopping center
Man removed from UK flight over 'prayer' message on phone | UK news
Creationist who thinks Obama was a gay prostitute poised to join Texas Board of Education
East Texas man arrested in pink toy Cadillac for allegedly stealing a credit card
Virtual reality roller coasters coming to Six Flags theme parks
Man on hover board shoots driver and gets away.
Pirate Bay Offers Tech Support to the Pirating Kanye West [x-post /r/pirating]
Man on hoverboard shoots Dallas driver, avoids capture
The police were called because Kam Chancellor looked in the window of a gym he wanted to buy
MPs spend nine days reading aloud from internet comments and George Orwell's 1984 to block a law
Pittsburgh woman offers Tupac defense in trial on utility threats
Man accidentally kills himself while taking photos with gun
Canadian grocery store chain will introduce more blemished and misshapen produce across the country
'How can I move to Canada' search spikes 350% on Super Tuesday
Police say man sold drugs out of a portable toilet
Jared Fogle Is Gaining Weight And Making No Friends In Prison
JARED FOGLE HAS GAINED 30 POUNDS JUST 3 MONTHS INTO HIS PRISON SENTENCE (EXCLUSIVE)
Man accidentally kills himself taking selfie with his gun
San Pablo: Sheriffs Office Locate Man Hiding in Air Tight Gun Safe - Xpost /r/news
Woman accused of driving with homemade cardboard license plate
Report: Jared Fogle has put on 30 pounds in prison
Osama bin Laden called for Americans to help Obama fight climate change: "This is a struggle between two of the largest cultures on Earth, and it is in the shadow of catastrophic climate conditions"
San Pablo: Sheriffs Office Locate Man Hiding in Air Tight Gun Safe
Ritualized behavior? Chimps all throw rocks at the same tree
ISIS Hacks the Wrong Google
Man in Wheelchair Kills Man On Treadmill In Gym...
Man fatally shoots himself while posing for selfies with gun
Christie on Trump Press Conference Flap: 'No, I Was Not Being Held Hostage'
El Paso Teacher Draws Penis On Student's Assignment, Report Says
Monkeys With Brain Implants Steer Wheelchairs Using Thought Alone
Another Male Lawmaker Claims Rape, Incest Victims Rarely Get Pregnant
DEA: Criminals impersonating DEA agents in scam
Iditarod 2016: Lackluster winter forces organizers to haul in snow for annual sled dog race
One federal watchdog bites another over VA whistleblowers
Jared Fogle gains 30 pounds in prison from overeating.
WNY Woman charged for driving with homemade license plate.
Zack Snyder wants to make a '300'-style George Washington movie
Hoverboarding Gunman Shoots Driver, Hovers Away
Chris Christie Denies Being 'Held Hostage' on Super Tuesday
Tree, cow save women
Washington state man fatally shoots himself while taking selfies
UK police remove Nigerian from Amsterdam flight over WhatsApp message
Texas toddler tells cop, 'I'm hungry, I need a beer,' placed with CPS
Man taking selfie with gun fatally shoots himself
Bird poop apparently caused NY nuclear reactor outage
Donald Trump Bizarrely Likens David Duke and the Ku Klux Klan to 'Federation of Jewish Philanthropies'
Well...at least that's one less vote for Trump in December.
Admitted serial killer says he's looking forward to 'retirement' in prison
Bird Poop Apparently Caused NY Nuclear Reactor Ourage
Professional English Football Club Catfished Their Own Players To Show The Dangers Of Flirting With Teens Online
Oberlin Professor Claims Israel Was Behind 9/11, ISIS, Charlie Hebdo Attack
Woman Caught Driving Around With License Plate Made of Cardboard
Kids In Cars 12 Times More Distracting For Drivers Than Talking On Cell Phones
WNY woman arrested for driving with fake license plate made of cardboard.
Professional English Football Club Lure Their Own Players Into Sending Dick Pics
Elite liberal arts school won't fire a professor who reportedly claimed 'Zionist Jews' were behind 9/11
Alaska Has to Bring in Snow for Iditarod
Professor says Jews are behind 9/11 attacks
Last year there was a study showing that most academic studies can't be reproduced. Now this study itself is being called unreproducable.
H.S. wrestler says he got herpes from mat
Chris Christie: Donald Trump Is Not Holding Me Hostage
Chris Christie Says Donald Trump Is Not Holding Him Hostage
Chris Christie: 'No, I wasn't being held hostage'
The Brewers will hold a Hank the Dog Conspiracy Theory press conference tomorrow
Police: Woman arrested, found with hand crafted licence plate
Chik Fil A offers free ice cream to put down your phone
Breast milk jeweller sued after customers wait years for products
Trump supporters in The Villages plan a golf cart rally
John Roberts Says He Should've 'Paid That Bill' After Lights Go Out At Supreme Court
David Alan Grier is the New KFC Colonel Sanders
Dolce & Gabbana calls new shoe 'Slave Sandal'
Viral sensation 'Bernie Baby,' who dressed like Bernie Sanders, dies of SIDS at only 4 months old
H.S. wrestler says he got herpes from mat, wants tournament postponed
School Reportedly Creates 'Safe Space' For Students Hurt by 'Tequila Party'
Caitlyn Jenner: I want to be "President" Ted Cruz's "transgender ambassador".
Kanye to Deadmau5: 'Do you do birthday parties? My daughter loves Minnie Mouse'
Now or never: Trump's 'wall' talk sparks migrant rush to US-Mexico border.
An atheist classroom for kids, named after two UK gay activists, opens in a country that hates homosexuals: Uganda
Toxic caterpillars spreading fast
The "Business Bulge" Is Here to Solve All Your Gender Pay Gap Concerns
Bird Poop Likely Caused N.Y. Nuclear Reactor Outage
Armed mosque protester explains why he thinks Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric has gone too far
Crazy Creationist Wins Big In Texas Board Of Education Vote.
The Texas Board of Education Frontrunner Thinks Obama Was a Gay Prostitute
Iditarod opening ceremony saved by shipment of snow
This hoodie is so insanely popular you have to wait months to get it
North Charlotte restaurant asks customers to take down hoodies, pull up pants
Students Accused of Burning Down Principal's House
Petition asks Neil Young to change last name to 'Old'
Man dies after shooting himself in face while taking selfie with gun
Taxi cab driver caught doing a poo in Leederville park
Caitlyn Jenner Wants To Be A Trans Ambassador For Ted Cruz
Swan Taxis cab driver caught doing a poo in Leederville park
Woman who stabbed fiancé in the head comments on prison life; saying 'They're mean'
Finally, An App That Splits The Bill So That White Men Pay More
Caitlyn Jenner wants to be Ted Cruz's "trans ambassador"
"Clown" arrested after smoking meth in Athens Waffle House
Bitcoin alternative coming out of nowhere
Scalia Can Vote 'From the Grave,' Says Arizona Lawyer
Republican Voters Kind Of Hate All Their Choices
NFL player Kam Chancellor goes to get info on a gym he wants to buy, employees call the police thinking he's trying to rob it.
John Podesta: I've Convinced Hillary Clinton To Declassify UFO Files
Someone used a hoverboard to carry out a drive-by shooting and got away
Trump Wins 35% of His Party. Sanders 38%, Media Writes Him Off
Trump: Romney Would Have 'Dropped to His Knees' for Me
Only living candidate on Unicoi County ballot loses election
Caitlyn Jenner: I'd be 'trans ambassador' for Cruz
Caitlyn Jenner: 'I Like Ted Cruz'
Barack And Michelle Obama To Headline South By Southwest Festivals
Man fuming after padlock gets locked through stretcher ear piercing
Environment court sentences man who buried Environment Court
Union of White Students Forms at Cornell, Aims to "Advance Their Race"
A Teacher Says She Had To Resign After A Student Stole Nude Photos Of Her
Hamas Commander, Accused of Theft and Gay Sex, Is Killed by His Own
Leonardo DiCaprio wins Oscar, leaves it in restaurant
WNY Woman Arrested For Fake License Plate
Hilary Clinton once had a cat named ISIS
Christie on Trump appearance: 'I wasn't being held hostage'
Six Flags Magic Mountain to add virtual reality to a coaster
Actor Bill Murray Announces 2016 Presidential Run - ABC News
'Why Didn't You Wash Underwears': Judge's Memo to Woman Office Assistant
Caitlyn Jenner: I Want To Be 'Trans Ambassador' For Ted Cruz
Hillary Clinton childhood cat was named ISIS
Miley Cyrus pledges to leave US if Trump wins
San Jose high school wrestler says he contracted herpes during match
In case of emergency, do not Facebook the police
This new wireless tech lets monkeys control a wheelchair using just their thoughts
Trump Reassures Nation About Penis Size at GOP Debate
madace47 a spam account made to troll me
Man dressed as a clown arrested after smoking meth at Waffle House
Donald Trump Discusses Penis Size During Fox News Republican Debate
ISIS Hackers Target Wrong Google, Take Down Small Indian Firm.
Donald Trump defends size of his hands
Motorbike service UberMOTO to debut in Bengaluru today; fares as low as Rs 3/km (USD 0.07/mile)
Donald J. Trump, Republican frontrunner, brags about penis at debate
Trump Brags About His Penis Size: 'I Guarantee You There Is No Problem'
Donald Trump Just Assured America He Has a Big Dick
San Bernardino DA says seized iPhone may hold "dormant cyber pathogen"
Presidential front-runner Donald Trump just assured us all that he's well-endowed.
Homeless man's Audi smashed up
Donald Trump just defended his penis size at the Republican debate
Donald Trump defends size of his penis
Man left furious after jokers attached a padlock to his ear
Woman accused of crafting her own license plate
Something Weird Was on Ted Cruz's Mouth for a Long Time
Trump Brags About the Size of His Penis at the GOP Debate
Turn Up the Subwoofer...Shock Waves Could Cure Erectile Dysfunction.
Donald Trump Assures Americans His Penis is Big Enough to Lead
Trump on His Penis: "I Guarantee You There's No Problem."
Saudi Arabia initiates a human rights court
Actual GOP candidate Donald Trump is boasting about the size of his penis in a presidential debate
In sign of apocalypse, Donald Trump defends the size of his ... hands
Man taking selfies with gun fatally shoots himself, police say
Bike service UberMOTO to debut in Bengaluru today; fares as low as Rs 3/km
GOP Debate: It Only Took Donald Trump Seven Minutes To 'Guarantee' America He's Well-Endowed (Video)
Flight attendant pretended to discover onboard fire he actually set, FBI says
Donald Trump, Republican frontrunner, brags about penis at debate
Man admits robbing bank with sex toy that looked like bomb
Rubio calls Trump "Big Donald"
Caitlyn Jenner offers to be 'trans ambassador' for Cruz
Pirates hack into shipping company's servers to identify booty
Wisconsin cat hightailed it to Florida for a winter break
Man dressed as clown arrested at Waffle House for smoking meth
Off-Duty NYPD Cop Accidentally Rear-ends a Female Driver Then Threatens to Kill Her, Before Accidentally Stepping Backward onto Oncoming Traffic and Killed by a Random Driver.
Cat found in Florida returns home to Sheboygan
UK to unveil largest floating solar array in the world
Four students accused of burning down Idaho high school principal's home in revenge plot over suspension
President Obama Created Donald Trump
Four Payette students suspected in felony arson of principal's house
H.S. wrestler says he got herpes from mat, wants tournament postponed - Story | KTVU
After a year in space, Scott Kelly returns 2 inches taller
NASA's Scott Kelly Grew 2 Inches: The Body After a Year in Space
Caitlyn Jenner Likes Ted Cruz Despite His LGBT Stance, Offers to Be His 'Trans Ambassador'
Bioethicist: 'We Have Commodified...Babies and Baby Parts'
The ugly truth behind those "cute baby bird" Internet memes Birds are buying alligator protection using baby bird sacrifice.
Donald Trump Nearly Turns GOP Debate Into Literal Dick-Measuring Contest
Schwarzenegger sports fests now in Africa, Asia for 6 total
Buckle Up, Buckaroo! Caitlyn Jenner Wants To Be Ted Cruz's Trans Ambassador
'Bernie baby' dies from SIDS
Date Night for Parents Ended in Police Shoot-Out
LeBron James tweeted something and it's either a big deal or it's not
Boyfriend secretly married another woman while his girlfriend was in labour
San Bernardino DA claims Syed Farouk's iPhone may house 'cyber pathogen'
Bernie Sanders Look-Alike 'Bernie Baby' Dies Unexpectedly
IS hackers target wrong Google, take down small Indian firm
Meth user slays witch
Police Investigating Hoverboard Drive-By Shooting
Suspect in I-90 murder near Ritzville said he was high on meth and thought woman was a witch
Kanye West Called Out By Deadmau5 After Being Caught Using Pirate Bay
Judge Justifies Memo To Court Employee Who Refused To Wash Innerwear
Mexican Officials Pass Proposal To Ban Donald Trump From Their Country
Bird poop blamed for Indian Point nuclear reactor shutdown
The beggar with a sports car: death threats for man filmed getting into Audi TT
Luas probe underway as photo emerges showing man in his underwear 'scutting' on back of tram yesterday
Gang of goats causing havoc
Dargah in Uttar Pradesh issues Fatwa against wearing of neck-tie
Rehire teacher who resigned over nude photo, students demand
Horrifying: Minor girl publicly whipped 10 times for not resisting rape by her father- Watch video
Gang of goats roaming the streets causing havoc
Islamic State hacks Reykjavik nursery school website
In 'Freak Accident,' 86-Year-Old Pennsylvania Woman Strangled to Death by Medical Alert Necklace
OJ Simpson--Buried Knife Found at OJ's Estate
Derry man accused of crashing car twice, leaving injured passenger behind
Charlie Brooker Wants Politicians To Let Him Take The Piss Out Of Politics
Battlefield 5 باتيل فيلد 5
New York woman faces felony charge for driving with homemade license plate
Sick of breaking up illegal rallies, police say Russia's authorities have made it too hard to get a permit
British tourist arrested after posing for nude photos at Machu Picchu
Students face disciplinary action for Cultural Appropriation by attending party with "Mini Sombreros."
Bird poop apparently caused New York nuclear reactor outage
Donald Trump Makes His Penis a Campaign Issue During Debate
Dad who forgot World Book Day dresses kids as 'pages from the Argos catalogue'
DAYCARE TEACHER CONVICTED OF CRUELTY IN 'BABY FIGHT CLUB'
Trump defends the size of his penis
Facebook emerges as an online market for trade in endangered species
Japan porn industry 'preys on young women'
Did Ted Cruz Eat A Booger During The Republican Debate? Viral Video Shows Unintentionally Disgusting Moment
Man who seriously injured two Lawrence teens with his car said to have blamed the devil for his actions
'I need a beer,' abandoned 3-year-old tells police before her mother is arrested
Accepting a job below one's skill levelcan adversely affect future employment prospects
Accepting a job below one's skill level can adversely affect future employment prospects
When My Son's Anesthesiologist Used the R Word
Employee fired for texting while girl stuck on climbing wall
Google in dispute with data ombudsman over murder convict info
Woman arrested for driving with handmade cardboard license plate
Social media's 4-month-old Bernie Sanders lookalike has died
LA Officials Bring The Hammer Down On Tiny Houses For Homeless
4-Month-Old Bernie Sanders Lookalike Has Died
Bad dinosaur: Velociraptor reports to Thai police station over traffic violation.
Jurassic dinosaurs on Bangkok streets cause heavy traffic jams
Five injured as ambulance crashes into speed camera
Pitt Students 'In Tears' and Feeling 'Unsafe' After Milo Yiannopoulos Event
Donald Drumpf all but admits he ran for president to spite Buzzfeed. | New Republic
Endangered species face social media threat in Asia
Viral photo shows Whole Foods selling peeled oranges in plastic containers, company apologizes
Homemade, cardboard license plate lands NY woman in jail
Man who identifies as a skeleton arrested after beating pregnant girlfriend. The trans-facial man being held on 100,000 bond.
Bizarre obsession with Steve Jobs musicals is set to continue
GOP candidates pledge to vote for the man they call a liar, con man and fraud
North Carolina lawmakers want to spend $42k/day to repeal Charlotte nondiscrimination ordinance
No sex, drugs, witches or gays: China bans 'morally hazardous' content from TV
Some guy added voice over to robot footage. I don't know why, but I can't stop laughing.
Porn viewers more likely to see women as equals than non-viewers
Political correctness devours yet another college, fighting over mini-sombreros
Demonic Weaves Believed to be the Root of Hair Crimes
Read e-books? Watch Netflix? You're probably a tax cheat
Ted Cruz Ate Something Off His Own Face on Live TV - And We Need to Talk About It
Man Admits To Robbing Bank With Sex Toy That Looked Like Bomb
Man taking selfies with gun fatally shoots self
Six Flags Is Pairing Virtual Reality Headsets With Real Rollercoasters
The 'Cumberbunny' Is Here and It's Terrifying
YouTube 'drug fairy' dead in apparent overdose
Ohio police post lost-and-found ad for bag of meth
Ted Cruz ate a booger during the debate.
Psychologists and massage therapists are reporting 'Trump anxiety' among clients
Can a 3-year old represent herself in immigration court? This judge thinks so.
Man pleads guilty to robbing a bank with fake bomb made out of phone wires, duct tape and sex toy
Second 'Baby Fight Club' Daycare Teacher Convicted
Woman uses cardboard license plate, faces charges
Homemade License Plate Lands Woman In Jail
Court rejects suit over smoke-grenade death in training
Musical Mouse-Man With Number Name Objects To Not Being Taken Seriously
BBC: Recent tales of Indian brides calling off their weddings under the most bizarre circumstances.
Woman makes license plate out of cardboard, ends up in jail
Los Angeles to open 'Museum of Broken Relationships'
A St. Louis third-grader won't be able to return to his charter school after his family moves next year because he's black
Warm winter forces Alaska to ship snow to start of Iditarod race
'Long Lost Family': Rochester woman discovers co-worker is her birth mother
Alaska Is Shipping in Snow for This Year's Iditarod
Women sue to block New York's 'Tampon Tax'
DEA: Cartels now smuggle marihuana from US to Mexico
Heroin doesn't destroy the human body [2xgold]
FBI Claims It Has No Record Of Why It Deleted Its Recommendation To Encrypt Phones
Pensioner plans to cross the Atlantic in homemade whale
Woman checks spam folder, finds out she won $150K
London council bans gatherings of two or more people; threatens £100 fine
BREWDOG TO ACCEPT GRAPEFRUITS AS CURRENCY
A Texan who called Obama a gay prostitute may soon control what goes in children's textbooks
Texan who called Obama a gay prostitute might soon control textbooks
Tennessee Presidential Primary Winner Defends Penis Size, Promises War Crimes
Naked man arrested inside Sikh Temple of Spokane
Trump on crapper:students make workable guitar amp that looks like Trump on the john
Trump: It's a 'Great Compliment' for Obama to Say I Won't Be President
Second daycare worker convicted in 'baby fight club' case
Scientists develop mini Death Star to protect us from asteroids
Second daycare teacher convicted of cruelty in 'baby fight club'
"Bernie Baby" Dies of SIDS
Caitlyn Jenner Endorses Ted Cruz.
Falcons Apologize For Asking Combine Prospect If He Likes Men
The More Chores a Husband Does, the More Likely the Marriage Will End in Divorce
Comedian swaps Donald Trump's policies with Hitler's - and supporters still agree with them
Inside the filthy curry house that was closed on the spot by health inspectors after they found a live mouse in the kitchen which was also covered in rat droppings.
Soccer player calls a pundit 'blind' over commentary, then has to apologise to the blind community
Former psy-ops soldier wearing a clown suit arrested for smoking meth at Waffle House counter
Potential Jurors Say They're Uncomfortable with Hulk Hogan Sex Tape
Now that's a mouthful: Woman receives phallic carrot in post
Women's History Month: Dolley Madison
Monkeys Drive Wheelchairs With Just Their Thoughts
Bobby Jindal Blames President Obama For Donald Trump's Rise
Ted Cruz eats a booger during debate
After 6 Month Runny Nose, Girl Blows Out Mysterious Safety Pin
Corpse Marriages Are On The Rise In China
President Obama thanks Mythbusters for proving that America did actually land on the moon
Plastic-wrapped mandarins withdrawn by Whole Foods
Nicolas Trainerbees, the Beekeeper That Has Managed to Get His Bees to Make Honey with Cannabis Resin
JAMES HOLMES ATTACKER SORRY HE COULDN'T SEND KILLER TO "SATAN'S LAKE OF FIRE"
Obama thanks 'Mythbusters' for proving moon landing was real
A dog in braces? It happened, and here's the important reason why
Internationally-respected dressage trainer who worked with Olympic gold medallists is jailed for possessing pornography involving horses
Virginia Daycare Worker Convicted for Child Abuse, 'Baby Fight Club'
Female student stands up to claims of 'rape culture'
Canadian six-year-old still on no-fly list despite government's promise to help
Report: Psychologists seeing 'Trump anxiety' among patients
Elderly woman dies after accidentally hanging self with medical alert necklace
So in TWD comics the word zombie exists (Volume 2)
Marshall lynch dunks on student during trip to Egypt
Cardboard NY license plate results in felony charges for woman
Whole Foods pre-peeled oranges in plastic pulled after social media ridicule
Anti-domestic violence law to protect women is un-Islamic, Pakistani advisory group rules
Oculus Rift will work with Macs when 'Apple makes a good computer', founder Palmer Luckey says
Ted Cruz Just Ate a Booger on Live TV. We're Better Than This.
Facebook paid more by HMRC for adverts than social network pays in tax
Schumer Shamed By Tabloid For Unthinkable Act Of Eating A Sandwich
Students face student government impeachment over wearing sombreros at Tequila themed party
Second Daycare Teacher Convicted in Virginia for Running 'Baby Fight Club'
Marco Rubio Not Sorry For Bringing Dick Jokes Into Presidential Race
POLITICS 2016 ELECTION CONGRESSWHITE HOUSEJUSTICE DEPARTMENTNATIONAL SECURITYELECTIONSFIRST READ POLITICS MAR 3 2016, 2:01 PM ET Christie on Trump Press Conference Flap: 'No, I Was Not Being Held Hostage'
Mosque-stalking gun nut says Donald Trump's anti-Muslim talk is too extreme
Jindal: Obama Caused Trump by Being Too Mature
Whole Foods criticized for selling peeled oranges in plastic containers
Italy nominates Neapolitan pizza for UNESCO cultural heritage list
Woman jailed for cardboard license plate - the photo is everything
High school whiz kid was 23-year-old Ukrainian man
Woman caught using fake cardboard license plate
Woman Arrested After Driving Car With Cardboard License Plate
Woman who believes Obama was a gay prostitute might decide what goes in students' history textbooks
Hillary Clinton: "I've been the most transparent public official in modern times"
Reencontro Filme Completo, Free Mature Porn a4: xHamster pt
Flat Earth Society offers $5000 to anyone who can prove Earth is round
Midwestern porn watchers are feeling the Bern
Woodstock Man Arrested for Stealing Power Cord from Security Camera; Police Use Camera Footage to ID Suspect
Clinton: 'I've Been The Most Transparent Public Official in Modern Times'
Adopted Woman Searches 15 Years for Birth Mom, Only to Discover They're Coworkers
Man stops semi, says 'apologize to Jesus'
Clinton: I'm the 'most transparent public official in modern times'
Woman admits threatening to 'taste' neighborhood kids.
'Bernie Baby' Died of SIDS, Family Says
Too drunk, can't add: Why some Indian women are turning away grooms
Surrey NanoSystems declares only one man will have the exclusive right to paint using their Vantablack material, the most light-absorbent (and thus "blackest") material on Earth. Other artists are enraged by what appears to be a continuing trend, the privatization of colors.
Akgüller Çimento |Konya Çimento Firmaları
Guy fuming after someone 'sneaks up and locks padlock to his earlobe'
Bobby Jindal: President Obama Caused Trump by Being Too Intellectual and Mature
Can an artist ever really own a colour?
Arkansas Woman Sentenced To Five Years For Boting Off Boyfriend's Eyebrow.
Chinese media tries to humanize Xi Jinping with stories about how he's cried four times in 50 years
Russian man could go to prison for saying God does not exist
Naked Man Holding Sword Arrested for Allegedly Vandalizing Sikh Temple in Washington
Thousands of pounds of snow shipped to Alaska for Iditarod dog sled race
Pa. Judge Sentenced To 28 Years For Selling Black Teens To Prison
Iditarod Sled Dog Race Lacks Snow, So Alaska Ships Some In
Mark Zuckerberg Asks Employees To Stop Crossing Out "Black Lives Matter" On Facebook's Walls
#boobsforBernie: Mom breastfeeding at Bernie Sanders rally gets tons of support
Ukrainian Village Renames Street From 'Lenin' To 'John Lennon,' After Beatles Singer
Schools rediscover the 2nd side of a piece of paper
Ukrainian governor renames Lenin street after John Lennon
Caitlyn Jenner's Presidential Preference: 'I Like Ted Cruz'
Dog takes the wheel and drives semi over curb
Alabama Lawmaker Wants Sex Offenders To Pay For Their Own Castration
5 times the new 'Ghostbusters' trailer destroyed the patriarchy
Van Gogh's life to be explored in first fully painted feature film
Psychologists and massage therapists are reporting 'Trump anxiety' among clients - The Washington Post
Dog drives semi into tree, parked car at Mankato Kwik Trip
Brother of slain civil rights leader Medgar Evers endorses Trump
Cattle rancher's wife goes vegan: "Every marriage has its issues"
Driver arrested for homemade license plate
A Plagiarism Scandal Is Unfolding In The Crossword World
British Gambling Site Is Now Taking Odds On How Small Trump's Manhood Is
Meet the Gay Iranian Poet Who Has Taken Refuge in an Unlikely Place: Israel
China bans content that 'exaggerates dark side of society' - from homosexuality to adultery, showing cleavage, and even reincarnation
Clown busted for smoking meth in Georgia Waffle House
Will Smith and Joel Edgerton Will Play Orc Cops in a Movie That Is Inexplicably Not Titled Orc Cops
Massillon man accused of using heroin in back seat of police cruiser
Arkansas woman sentenced to five years after biting off boyfriend's eyebrow
Pastor Impregnates 20 Members of His Congregation and Claims the Holy Spirit Told Him to Do it
Sean Penn is nostalgic for George W. Bush
Youngstown Police: Chunk of man's leg bitten off during argument
'23 Jump Street'/'Men in Black' Crossover Moving Forward with 'Muppets' Director
Robber Caught After Fourth Time Robbing Same 7-Eleven
MAN TAKING SELFIES WITH GUN FATALLY SHOOTS HIMSELF, SHERIFF SAYS
Canada's Trudeau says Americans should know more about the world
Cop pulls gun on pizza driver
China bans depictions of gay people on television
Police Suspect Dog in Rolling Semi Accident
Whistle blown on butchers and hospital blood boxes
'Unhappy' customer wants stripper arrested after she refuses sex
State Trooper Gets Just 6 Months For Raping Car Accident Victim
Pro-incest group backs 'legal abortions' for men
LA police testing knife 'found on old OJ Simpson property'
11 Ways Fuller House and Game of Thrones are the Exact Same Show
[Prince] Charles Urges Brits To Holiday In Flooded Areas
A Romanian Mayor Accidentally Built a Villa For His Wife on an Archaeological Site
Bernie Sanders Thanks Mom for Breastfeeding at His Rally
Cow dies after sexual abuse by tractor thief
Rubio: 'Never Trump' doesn't mean I'll never vote Trump
Donald Trump reiterates desire to murder terrorists' families
Leicester fan who stood to make £100,000 on a £20 bet cashes out at £29000.
Defense Minister finds $3 bn lying forgotten in US account.
'I hate working at daycare': Single mom, 27, is fired for venting about her new job on Facebook BEFORE she even started her first day at work
Driving dog blamed for Minnesota semi crash
Fired AL State Trooper to serve sexual misconduct sentence at own discretion
Irish Firetruck Rampage Remains Unsolved
Pensioner and teen held after fire engine stolen and driven into houses
Leicester fan who staked £20 on Foxes winning the Premier League CASHES OUT for £29,000
Two men, aged 66 and 19, arrested for stealing fire engine in Larne, Co Antrim.
Caitlyn Jenner supports Texan Senator Ted Cruz
Woman busted for driving around with homemade license plate
Brooklyn witchcraft group hexes Martin Shkreli because 'the justice system is not going to do anything'
Feral goats bring havoc to New Zealand town
Dog gets behind wheel of semi, crashes into tree and parked car
Maine town wants Katies Crotch Road to change its name.
Embden residents again to consider renaming Katie Crotch Road
KC woman wants her 26 seized cats back
'Joe the Plumber' praises Trump, cites his 'beautiful women'
Football players accused of violating teammate on "No Gay Thursday"
Catholic Church's disapproval boosts Girl Scout donations in St. Louis
Clinton urges candidates to present 'credible' economic plan
'Stop working so hard!' Italian unions tell new museum chief
Pakistan Admits Taliban Leaders Are Living There
Sheriff: Woman sat on boyfriend's toilet for 2 years
Utah Senator says Flint doesn't need aid, blocks lead bill
Boyfriend's Excitement Short-Lived As Girlfriend Gets Down On Her Knees, But Proposes Instead
Choreographed Applause Fails To Mask China Woes
Homeless Man Owes Government Over $110,000 In Fines For Being Homeless Read More: http://www.trueactivist.com/homeless-man-owes-government-over-110000-in-fines-for-being-homeless/
Homeless Man Owes Government Over $110,000 In Fines For Being Homeless
Teen allegedly shoots family after they wake him up for school.
Eminem To Re-Release "The Slim Shady LP" On Cassette
Alabama introduces sex offender castration bill
Sweden's pro-incest youth wing of the Liberal People's Party suggests giving men right to 'legal abortions'
Grandad Theft Auto, 66 year old man steals fire engine and causes havoc on streets.
TIL there was an assassination attempt on President Jimmy Carter in 1979, by Raymond Lee Harvey and Osvaldo Ortiz
We asked 14 completely fictional characters which way they would vote in the EU Referendum
Sutton woman receives phallic carrot in post
Woman Flees Police via Bathroom Ceiling
Woman Flees from Police via Bathroom Ceiling
Caitlyn Jenner: I'd be "trans ambassador" for Ted Cruz if he wins
Alabama lawmaker introduces sex offender castration bill
CannaSOS Creates Universal Drug Tester
Uber teaches drivers in Pakistan how not to sexually harass women
Man cleans up his urine in lift after discussing his options with police.
Now Everyone Can Test How High You Are via Their Smartphone
MIT built a Donald Trump AI Twitter bot that sounds scarily like him
16-year-old faces statutory rape charge for having consensual sex with girl the same age as him
Truck-Driving Dog Leaves Trail Of Destruction
Lines At TSA Check Points Getting Longer; Waits Will Get Worse
Dog gets behind wheel of semi, crashes into tree and parked car in Minnesota
Uber Drivers Under Focus After NYC Passenger Claims Driver Used Fake Vomit to Charge Her Cleaning Fees
Shootout in my local Foot Lockers parking lot over the new J's released today. (Florida man not involved)
'300' Director Zack Snyder Says He'd Like To Create A Film About George Washington In The Style of 300, But Robot Chicken Already Did That
Dog peers out of semi after smashing rig into tree, car
Woman uses super glue instead of eyedrops.
Heart-breaking moment five-year-old girl finds her missing pet dog Flower... being sold ready-cooked at Vietnamese stall
Police car crashes into donut shop
Police: 2 Shot Outside Foot Locker During Air Jordan Launch
Dog pops up in driver's seat when semi crashes in Minnesota
Flavor Flav delivers the weather
Lennon not Lenin: Ukraine renames street after late Beatle
2 Shot During Argument Over New Nike Shoes
Navy Body Fat Restrictions Loosen to Retain Sailors
John Kasich Sides With Harry Potter on Strategy
Navy Loosens Body Fat Restrictions to Retain Sailors
Eminem's "The Slim Shady LP" To Be Reissued On Cassette
Zoe Saldana under fire for blackface in Nina Simone biopic
Two daycare teachers guilty of abusing toddlers in "Baby Fight Club" classroom
Airbnb co-founder Nathan Blecharczyk: 'A body? It's unusual, but it wasn't as if it was in the front yard'
Louis C.K.: 'Insane bigot' Donald Trump 'is Hitler'
New York Woman Arrested After Driving With Homemade License Plate on Car
Homemade Cardboard License Plate Lands Woman in Jail
40 ft cow removed from baseball field
Glaciers, gender, and science: A feminist glaciology framework for global environmental change research
Economists Who Bashed Bernie Sanders' Tax Plan Admit They're Clueless: "We're Not Really Experts"
Peaceful memorial rally in Ann Arbor honors lives of 63 deer killed
40-foot cow removed from baseball field
Dog spotted behind the wheel in rolling semi crash
Trump misspells 'lying' at campaign rally
Video: Donald Trump tells people in the audience to raise their right hand and pledge to vote for him - nazi salute
Cartels Now Smuggling U.S. Pot Into Mexico
NY Woman Arrested After Driving With Homemade License Plate on Car: Sheriff's Office
Dog accidentally puts semi-truck in gear, goes for ride
A Man Fatally Shot Himself While Taking a Selfie With His Gun
Slough debates whether to change its name
Brave Man Chooses To Self-Identify As Man
Secret car park stuns Farnborough drivers - and it hasn't been used for five years
De Blasio credits less guns for more stabbings
Florida woman attempts to abandon 2-year old: "Everyone is crazy and I did not throw my daughter in the dumpster. I put her in the dumpster."
Veterinarian Wants to Help Cat Who is Allergic to Her Teeth
Dog Takes Semi-Truck On Joyride, Crashes Into A Tree And A Parked Car
Wrestler: Cancel championship, I got herpes from mat
NRA's Wayne LaPierre Just Called "Gun-Free Zones" The "Worst And Most Dangerous Of All Lies" While Speaking From A "Gun-Free Zone"
Man with stubby crashes into Vic police
Measure twice, cut once: Lawmaker wants to surgically castrate sex offenders on their tab
Bear, Lion and Tiger Become Friends After Traumatic Past
Three stolen coconuts land man in jail
Eminem Plans to Re-Release 'The Slim Shady LP' on Cassette
Sona Avedian: Ex Marine Reveals Remarkable Transgender Transformation
Eminem's 'The Slim Shady LP' to Be Re-Release On Cassette Eminem's 'The Slim Shady LP' to Be Re-Release On Cassette
Minnesota dog drives truck over tree, into parked car
Dog crashes semi-truck into parked car and tree
Two VA firefighters suspended for taking child to hospital
Routine of 3-pointer dulls the senses, and makes basketball duller
Fake Parking Tickets QR code results in Rick Roll
Dog pops up in driver's seat when semi crashes
A Surprise Attach! Man Has Padlock Fastened To His EarLobe By A Stranger
Crowdfunded Game Console Is Made Out of Tape, Cardboard, and Fake Circuits
Jasper Emillien Garczynski accused of having sex with girl, 16, on flight from Phoenix
Donald Trump Tweets Image Of His Penis - WARNING: Graphic Content
Devon village toilets closed after bearded man in a wedding dress propositions local
Gimli store owner 'friends' suspect on Facebook after break-in
Woman charged with smoking on flight and refusing to put cat in kennel
Elon Musk unfazed by SpaceX's failed landing: 'didn't expect this to work'
Now, 17-Year-Olds In Ohio Won't Be Allowed To Vote In This Month's Primary
Woman arrested for driving with fake cardboard license plate
Driver Arrested for Crude License Plate Forged With Cardboard, Paint
Dog starts truck and crashes into a tree
Man wins $291 million in lottery, brother wins $7
2 shot after argument over Air Jordans
Salmon caught with antidepressants and cocaine
Trump Supporters Raise Right Hands to Pledge Support
Larne: Men aged 66 and 19 arrested over stolen fire engine
How have we coped without biscuits?
2 shot outside Foot Locker in Brooklyn Center over pair of shoes
Sydney police fined a cab driver $100 for 'wearing the wrong colour shoes'
Sydney taxi driver fined by police for wearing wrongly coloured shoes
15 Most Insane Wrestling Spots Of The Week (Mar 6) |
Britain's Exclusive Schools Try to Be a Little Less So
Woman found dead in elevator 30 days after power cut off by building workers
NHS ready to sink £600m on Zumba classes to cut fat docs' sickies
Maha Shivratri 2016: Why Is It Celebrated?
NHS to harvest babies' organs
Meet Ted Cruz's 'Secret Weapon': An Old Man Who Wants to Scare the Hell Out of America
BBC News: Body found in Chinese lift month after it was switched off
Ice storm causes tree in Cambridge to split in three, damaging house
US to deploy nuclear-capable B-52 warplanes to bomb ISIS
Monkey mask burglary caught on video
British tourist set for Australia refused entry to Thailand after using passport as toilet paper
Anthony Stallard fined for pretending to be ghost in cemetery in Portsmouth
New Tests Show Increased Levels of Chemicals in EPA Building
Florida mailman 'almost took out a jetliner with 150 people aboard when he flew his gyrocopter into Washington and landed on the US Capitol front lawn'
Chicken grows face of dinosaur: A chicken embryo with a dinosaur-like snout instead of a beak has been developed by scientists
Iran billionaire Babak Zanjani sentenced to death
Now some schools are testing kids for their 'grit' and 'joy' levels. Really.
UK facing national emergency biscuit supplies dwindle
Corpse found in Chinese elevator month after shutdown
The Simpsons predicted a Donald Trump presidency...
A neurologist thinks Ted Cruz's face makes it impossible to vote for him
A Multi-Billion Dollar Start-Up is Forced to Ban Sex in Stairwells
Peace and Memorial Rally for Ann Arbor Deer
Woman cuts off man's genitals in banana farm
The Simpsons predicted Donald Trump's rise years ago
HS Student Charged With Possessing 90 Heroin Bundles, Man Bites Dog, Fatal Hit-and-Run
Navy Loosens Body Fat Rules to Retain Sailors
Gang of feral goats overrun New Zealand town
Mark Hamill Says Luke Skywalker Could Be Gay
Maine votes on renaming Katie Crotch Road after spending hundreds replacing the repeatedly stolen street sign
France honours Saudi crown prince for 'fighting terrorism and extremism'
Defense Sec. Announces 'Hack the Pentagon' Contest
Vultures attack Impala lamb
Florida scuba diver says he was sucked into nuclear plant intake pipe
Poop and pee plague the presidential race for Republican candidates online
Woman Found Dead In Lift 30 Days After It Was Turned Off By Engineers In China
Barnsley fan criticised by RSPCA for taking pet hamster 'Hector' to football match
Body found in Chinese lift month after it was switched off
Huge dust devil in Ukraine
Men aged 66 and 19 charged over fire engine theft in Northern Ireland
Donald Trump had the crowd do the Hitler salute at his Florida rally today
Aunt Befriends troubled Niece with Fake Facebook Account, soon discovers Niece is planning murder, also wants to shoot aunt's fiance, assasinate her cousin and family dog.
Burger named after Canada's 1st Sikh Defence Minister
University of Manchester lecturer investigated after his secret life as a porn star is revealed
There's going to be a museum dedicated to the Olsen twins
Oscar-Winning Star Wars Animator Admits He Took LSD While Working On Return Of The Jedi
A U.S. watchdog agency is preparing to investigate whether the Federal Reserve and other regulators are too soft on the banks they are meant to police
Bison escape farm; 10 euthanized
Man left fuming after someone sneaked up behind him and locked a PADLOCK through the stretched piercing in his earlobe
Trawling for goldfish owner
Anti-gay pastor charged with stealing $150,000 from investors, blames gays.
Reporter Who Called Minn. County 'Absolute Worst Place To Live' Is Moving There
Is Putin Using KGB Voodoo Magic to Make Angela Merkel a Bad Leader? NATO Analysts Say 'Of Course'
This judge says toddlers can defend themselves in immigration court
Mother shames 'bully' son in Facebook posted shared by thousands
Lil Wayne's Surprise Act of Kindness Impresses Bystanders
Science says you might be a psycho if you like bitter drinks
this is a test post (reddit has been acting strangely, I apologize). Please ignore
Germany bans sausages: Pork banned in cafes and schools to 'not offend refugees'
Facebook will become the world's biggest virtual graveyard with more profiles of dead people than living users by the end of the century, say experts
Canada Post stops delivery to a neighbourhood due to roaming dogs
Corpse Found In Chinese Elevator After Month-Long Shutdown
Woman found dead in lift 30 days after power was cut off
Youtube video about H. Clinton's statements
Chinese Woman Spends 10 Years Living in Internet Cafe After Fighting with Her Parents
Woman dies after being left trapped in lift for a month
Zaman newspaper: Seized Turkish daily 'now pro-government'
Woman Aborts Child In Order To Become An Episcopal Priest
The UK faces a biscuit crisis after floods
Khloe Kardashian thinks cosmetic surgery is 'like make-up'
Woman in 'Mystery Machine' mini van lead police on pursuit
NH GOP Rep On Children And Family Law Panel Arrested For Luring Teen For Sex
Chinese woman trapped for a month in an elevator starves to death
Donald Trump's nephew is an RnB singer....
Woman arrested after driving with homemade license plate
nhận làm website nhanh cho doanh nghiệp
Tequila Party Triggers Students; Safe Place Created to Cope
Why not four spouses for Muslim Women too, Asks Kerala HC judge
Law Graduate Sues Law School
Sanders: If You're White You Don't Know What It's Like To Be Poor
Golden Labrador Retriever appears to drive semi truck across road
Sanders: Whites 'Don't Know What It's Like to Be Living in a Ghetto and to Be Poor'
Sanders: "When you're white you don't know what it's like to be poor"
Kerr blames loss to Lakers on lack of focus, Warriors' millennial culture
Brawl Breaks Out At Chuck E. Cheese During One-Year-Old's Birthday Party
Bahrain Finds Opposition Leader Guilty of Opposition
Trump Supporters Raise Right Hands to Pledge Support. The Photos Are Terrifying.
North Carolina Drivers Are Getting Rickrolled With Bogus Parking Tickets
Someone in Asheville is handing out fake parking tickets as part of 'Rickrolling' prank
Dog drives semi into tree in Mankato
Woman in mystery machine leads police on pursuit
A Passenger On A British Airways Plane Pooped So Bad That The Plane Had To Be Turned Back
Man kills friend over Messi v. Ronaldo argument in Mumbai
Cops Woke Up Naked Woman, Ordered Her to Produce A Gun, Then Killed Her
Man kills friend over Messi v. Ronaldo debate
Man kills friend during argument over Messi, Ronaldo in Mumbai
A Passenger On A British Airways Plane Took A Dump So Smelly That The Plane Had To Be Turned Back
Cristiano Ronaldo Fan Stabs Lionel Messi Fan to Death
Morrissey 'seriously considering' standing for Mayor of London
Florida Senate endorses making computer coding a foreign language
Dildo Bus May Not Be Best Idea for Students with Mobility Issues, says MHA
Woman Escapes Police in Minivan, Leads Officers on High-Speed Chase in California
Australia's 'ugly' animals attract less study
Anger as Southend bakery launches Hot Cross Buns without 'offensive' cross
NYC's 'sex spa' is grossing people out
Vertu Signature Touch Phone Repair
Lionel Messi v Cristiano Ronaldo row leads to stabbing death
Meet the Merseyside man who changed his middle name to "I Love Spam" because he loves it so much
Land of Locks: 2016 MN High School 'All Hockey Hair Team'
Now Cecil Rhodes protesters call for a statue of Queen Victoria to be removed: Students claim the long-reigning monarch 'supported colonial exploits'
Has US politics become too raunchy for children?
Anonymous claim Twitter is shutting down their accounts for harassing ISIS
Italian pilot threatened to crash passenger jet if his wife left him
ITV's This Morning cleared over eight-year-olds pole dancing
Maine Man Arrested for Killing Teen Over 35 Years Ago
Member Of Notorious Anti-Gay Church Won't Back Trump Because He's Too 'Fringe'
Donald Trump and the 'X-rated' election
Woman starves to death in elevator
Woman found dead after being trapped in elevator for 30 days
Officials under fire after video of prison's porn party leaks
Song lyrics could be having 'detrimental' impact on health of elderly
Woman found dead in elevator a month after maintenance workers cut power off
Police: Woman escapes officers after fleeing in Mystery Machine Minivan
Human-animal studies academics dogged by German hoaxers
Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo fan row leads to murder charge in India
Dog takes semi-truck for joyride, crashes into tree and parked car
Daredevil Dog Takes Semi-Truck For Joyride. Immediately Crashes.
Say it ain't so: Social media uproar over discontinued mustard pickles
Breast bill dies for lack of support
English Defence League Fall For Spoof 'Hot Cross Buns Without Offensive Cross' Story
Politicians who haven't seen Hamilton deemed 'uncool' by colleagues
Cruelty charges for Australian who 'bit head' off live rat
China bans images of gay people on TV
Woman escapes officers in 'Mystery Machine' van
Workers in China find body of woman stuck in elevator for a month: 'There were markings all over'
Woman Dies After Being Trapped in an Elevator for a Month
'Star Wars: Return Of The Jedi' Animator Took LSD While Working On Film, Still Won Oscar
Youngstown State University police officer steals Trump campaign sign -- brags about it on social media
Woman dancing naked on top of big rig shuts down highway
Man kills his friend in argument over whether Ronaldo or Messi is better
Want To Sell My Wife For Rs. 1 Lakh: Debt Ridden Man's Facebook Post
The Return of the D.I.Y. Abortion
No constitutional right to engage in consensual BDSM sex
2-year-old girl calls 911 for wardrobe emergency, police say
Naked dancing woman on top of big rig ties up traffic in Houston ... this may not be the first incident for this woman.
Dog Crashes Tractor-Trailer Into Parked Car And Tree
Westboro Bapist Church Protester: Donald Trump is Too 'Fringe'
Students offered counselling over small sombrero hats at tequila-themed birthday party
Man Robs Bank with Sex Toy
Indy man falls 11 stories into Florida condo pool
Olm eggs raise hopes for rare 'dragon' birth
Bend police car strikes pedestrian, doughnut shop
BIZARRE TRAFFIC ALERT: Naked woman dancing on top of big rig snarls Hwy 290 traffic
China delegates told to leave selfie sticks at home
Vienna man fined for burping gets free trip to Istanbul
Lost Goldfish Case in Norway Closer to Being Solved
Dog Crashes Semi-Truck into Tree and Parked Car
Naked dancing woman shuts down Highway 290
Navy Changes Body Fat Rules To Allow Obese Male, Female Sailors To Stay In
Sausages banned in Germany...
Conservative equality minister's own department pays women £3,000 less than men, figures show
Buffalo cop suspended over Vine videos
Stafford Co. volunteer firefighters suspended for transporting child to hospital in fire engine
Fight breaks out at 1-year-old's Chuck E. Cheese's birthday party
Boy told he'd have to go blind before health system would pay for sight-saving surgery
Women are now Pillaging Sperm Banks for Viking Babies
Mitt Romney Files FEC Paperwork To Run In 2016 Election
People Just Won't Stop Stealing 'Katie Crotch Road' Signs
Justin Trudeau Plans To Experiment Giving Canadians Unconditional Free Money
Texan Claiming Obama Was A Gay Prostitute Holds Leading Bid For Board Of Education
Total Solar Eclipse Will End the Day Before It Begins
Naked, dancing woman on top of big rig shuts down Houston-area highway. NSFW
Grin and rate it: Research uses emojis for school lunches
Ted Cruz Has A Favorite 'My Little Pony' Character
Naked lady stops traffic
MILF chairman warns IS may gain from autonomy delay
Homeless man's $110K in fines for being homeless--Montreal
The history department might someday become the 'hxstory' department, if the students in the Assembly for Power and Liberation have their way.
Cops stop car with tree wedged in grille, charge driver; photos go viral
Naked woman dances atop semi truck after Houston highway crash
GOP Changes Symbol From Elephant to Poo-Flinging Monkey -- "It's about time that we accurately reflect the bold, dynamic attitudes of our current leadership and presidential contenders"
Homeless man's $110K in fines sign of 'systemic' issue with police, advocate says
Woman strips naked in Houston Traffic
Woman leads police on chase in Scooby-Doo's 'Mystery Machine'
Redding police: Suspect flees in 'Scooby-Doo' Mystery Machine
Tourists film crocodile mauling Queensland ranger before realising it is not part of the show
Woman Dies After Being Trapped In Elevator For Month
A Bartender Was Fined for Burping Too Loudly After Eating a Kebab
Naked woman dancing atop 18-wheeler slows traffic in Houston
Medgar Evers' Brother Endorses Donald Trump for President
'Trump' Has Become a Racial Taunt at High School Sporting Events
Leonardo DiCaprio's Oscar win for The Revenant triggers surge in sales for spinning tops
The rooftop car park you can only reach on foot
HIGHWAY 290 SHUT DOWN FOLLOWING CRASH, NAKED WOMAN ON FREEWAY
Bearded model walks runway, gets revenge on her bullies
Man Killed By Friends During Botched Vampire Siring
Gay penguins have no place in our libraries, say parents
مركز الخليج | لـ رفع الصور | و رفع الملفات | الخليج | مركز تحميل الصور gulfup| mrkzgulf تحميل الصور
2012 slaying of Cumming man in middle Georgia remains unsolved
Woman Driving 'Scooby Doo' Van Allegedly Leads Redding Police on High-Speed Chase
Woman leads police on high-speed chase in 'Mystery Machine' van from 'Scooby Doo'
97% of top officials at 'northern powerhouse' department work in London
Highway 290 closes due to dancing naked women
4Chan founder Chris Poole will try to fix social at Google
Blood-drinking Florida Senate candidate barred from Canada over neo-Nazi ties
Canadian Man Caught Smuggling Nearly 40 Turtles in His Pants
Scott Simon, Fla. man, accidentally calls 911 and reveals murder plot, police say
Saudis Aren't Amused by Hidden Camera Prank That Features Fake Suicide Bomber
Petition surfaces to have Fetty Wap perform "Trap Queen" at Nancy Reagan's funeral.
Naked dancinc womans huts down Texas highway
Dog drives semi into tree, parked car
'His strength was superhuman,' northern Alberta seniors centre jamboree erupts into bloody melee
Driver Arrested for DUI After Police Spot Car Driving With 15-Foot Tree in Grill
Mental health patients to Bernie Sanders: Don't compare us to the GOP candidates
Young woman who survived Boston Marathon bombing killed in Dubai car crash
Woman finally released after 10 years for the murder of her insanely abusive husband.
Truck-driving dog sparks chaos after getting behind wheel of owners' lorry
Woman driving Scooby-Doo themed minivan evades polic
Woman driving Scooby-Doo themed minivan evades police
Gawker sex tape post left Hulk Hogan 'naked and exposed', lawyer argues
Naked woman dances on big rig's cab, closes part of Houston road
"Safe Space" Actually a Terrible Fire Hazard
Softcore porn actress from Cruz ad endorses Trump
Google hires the creator of 4chan
Google hires the founder of lawless site 4chan to help revive Google+
KFC might have a new Colonel Sanders - and the CEO doesn't care if customers hate him
Naked Woman Seen Dancing Atop 18-Wheeler Following Crash on Houston Highway.
Google Hires Moot to help with Google+
Woman vanishes after high-speed chase in 'Scooby' van
Cuba Gooding Jr. Was Videotaped Eating a Cell Phone at Miami's Club Liv
Canada Fears Photo of Prime Minister with Pandas Could Worsen American Refugee Crisis
Naked Woman on Big Rig Cab Stops Highway Traffic
Man throws dog poo in Tina Fey's daughter's stroller
Naked Dancing Woman Shuts Down Texas Highway
San Diego couple invents vest to protect dogs from coyote attacks
Officials: Increase in rape isn't cause for alarm
Uber Dismisses Thousands of 'Rape' Customer Support Tickets by Saying They're Typos
Wife of Eagles Star accidentally shoots herself
Friends kill friend in botched vampire siring
Wife of Eagles founding member Randy Meisner accidentally shot herself dead after drunken domestic disturbance
world's first 'water bar' to open in minneapolis.
Young Thug Is Riding Around Atlanta on a Horse to Announce His New Tour
Google Hires 4Chan Founder Chris "Moot" Poole
4chan founder Chris Poole to join Google
Google hires notorious hacker "4Chan"
Woman in 'Mystery Machine' mini van leads police on pursuit
Naked woman dancing on truck slows traffic in Houston
Porn Star Yanked from Ted Cruz TV Ad Endorses Donald Trump
German Town Says Pulled 'Mossad Agents' Out of the Mud, Sends Israel the Bill
Man orders unlocked iPhone 6s online gets a shocking surprise instead
Italy wants UNESCO to bestow pizza with World Heritage protection
'Scooby-Doo' Mystery Machine Leads Police on a High Speed Chase
Restauarant worker tortured to death during 'Satanic ritual to turn him into a vampire'
Erin Andrews awarded $55 million in suit over nude video
Teeth found in snowbank
The world's first full-fledged 'water bar' is about to open in Minneapolis
Australian mom calls on women to masturbate during childbirth
Richmond Hill duck's coif draws comparison with Donald Trump | Toronto Star
ISIS making kids play soccer with decapitated heads: Report
Pastor who spoke out for Ted Cruz is doing 'absolutely fine' after being shot in the head
Head Headache - Head USA Recalls Ski & Snowboard Helmets Due To Head Injury Hazard
YouTube footage catches out speeding Ferrari driver
'I need a beer,' abandoned 3-year-old tells Texas police before mother arrested in dirty, cockroach-infested home
Messi vs. Ronaldo argument leads to stabbing death in India
Head Headache - Head USA Recalls Ski & Snowboard Helmets Due To Head Injury Hazard - See more at: https://www.snowindustrynews.com/articles/head-headache-head-usa-recalls-ski-snowboard-helmets-due-to-head-injury-hazard/#sthash.kV9H5n9K.dpuf
Charlie Sheen and Whoopi Goldberg Will Be Trapped Together in an Elevator for 9/11 Movie
Messi or Ronaldo? Indian argument ends in murder charge
Head USA Recalls Ski and Snowboard Helmets Due to Head Injury Hazard
19-year-old sold newborn baby for an iPhone and motorbike: "I really didn't know it was illegal"
There Is A Petition To Have Fetty Wap Perform "Trap Queen" At Nancy Reagan's Funeral
Recently Hired NJ Police Director Charged With Drunken Driving
Fetus washes into Rio Rico wastewater plant
Charlie Sheen, Whoopi Goldberg starring in World Trade Center 9/11 drama
Chicopee Police Find Plastic Cup Full Of Heroin Bundles
Iowa Wrestler Only Talks About His Mullet After Winning
Charlie Sheen, Whoopi Goldberg Starring in 'Nine Eleven' Drama
Boy born with no hands or lower legs signs with Yankees
A noise complaint from a neighbor led the Bastrop County Sheriff's Office to an active cockfighting ring. 39-year-old Rowdy Fowler is the property owner; he faces criminal charges.
Man armed with chainsaw catches fire in stand-off with police at Riverstone
Italy puts Neapolitan pizza-making forward for Unesco recognition
More Latinos Seek Citizenship to Vote Against Trump
Burger King employee quits, steals all the chicken nuggets and is dubbed the "Chicken King" by friends.
Tim Cook, Tech CEOs and Top Republicans Attend Secretive Meeting About Donald Trump
Chinese Police Discover a Gang of Parents Selling Their Own Babies
At Secretive Meeting, Tech CEOs And Top Republicans Commiserate, Plot To Stop Trump
Long-lost hockey cards feature Wayne Gretzky's mullet
Apple CEO Tim Cook attends secret meeting with tech and government elite to plot end to Trump presidential run, report says
Taiwan is afraid that Chinese movies are becoming too good
Feds Paid $709,000 To Academic Who Studies How Glaciers Are Sexist
TIL prisoners create a staggering volume of goods... You would be amazed to find out that things you keep in your home may be created by Americans in prison. Prison is also a business.
Second Virginia day care worker convicted for running 'baby fight club,' feeding kids Flaming Hot Cheetos, refusing to change diapers
KORN Singer Says His Son's First Words Were "Boom Na Da Noom Na Na Nema" From 'Freak
NORTH CAROLINA SCHOOL BANS TEACHERS FROM USING THE WORD 'PLEASE'
Protect your dog with a "coyote vest"
How To Lose Belly Fat Effective Tips for Women
50-PERSON BRAWL BREAKS OUT AT CHUCK E. CHEESE DURING KID'S FIRST BIRTHDAY PARTY
Voting in pubs, free burgers, troll mascot among changes proposed to get people to the polls
Federal Court Rules You Have No Constitutional Right to Engage in 100% Consensual Rough Sex
Shark attack halts work to install shark-proof barrier
Portland Man Creates 'Trump Has Tiny Hands PAC'
Americans Really Don't Like Immigration, New Survey Finds
Man catches fire when tasered after allegedly throwing petrol at police in Riverstone
Magnetic mind control works in live animals, makes mice happy. Using a magnet, researchers remotely control brain circuitry, alter behavior.
FOOD The Dark Side of Juicing: How the Global Trend Might Be Bad for Your Health - and the Environment
Magnetic mind control works in live animals, makes mice happy
Google hires founder of 4chan, the 'Zuckerberg of online underground'
The last message of boxer Cody Nixon before he died in crash is revealed
'Just landed into Dubai picked up the Ferrari! Don't worry I won't speed ;)': Last message of Canadian boxer before he died in crash with three friends
Leicester City fans causing earthquakes with celebrations, claims study
China's state media is loving the US presidential election
Cops catch drunk driver thanks to 15-foot tree on front of car
Parking tickets left on cars in North Carolina are actually just 'Rickroll' prank, but city officials say they don't find it funny.
Fake parking tickets 'Rickroll' North Carolina motorists
The White House wants to 'maintain' public confidence in drone strikes by releasing death tolls
Gerard Pique Knocks Over Skateboarding Darth Vader Figure Wearing Barcelona Kit
Giant snales, a new trend in pets. (Dutch Paper)
Arab Israeli parties slam Gulf states for Hezbollah terror listing
We declare winter over and spring here, effective today
Business Insider posts 'American Sniper' phone sex parody in serious military story
Address the gender digital divide today as tomorrow is for saints
Oxford-educated chemical engineering professor is also a porn star called "Old Nick@
The swan that died for a photograph: Tourist kills a bird by dragging it from a lake just so she could pose with it in Macedonia
Parents Sold 18-Day-Old Daughter to Buy an iPhone Because They Had "No Idea It Is Illegal"
Washington Post Ran 16 Negative Stories on Bernie Sanders in 16 Hours
N.Korea insults S.Korean president as it marks Women's Day
Parents Sold 18-Day-Old Daughter to Buy an iPhone, Had "No Idea It Is Illegal"
Islamic school students mistaking ecstasy as vitamins to make them pray longer
Microsoft baffled by fact one of its products keeps getting better
AC/DC singer Brian Johnson to stop touring to save his hearing
Brazilian Man Tries to Enter U.S. Illegally by Hiding in Gas Tank Compartment
Your Boss Wants to Know If You're Gay
US navy to give overweight sailors a second chance at fitness tests
Top journalism prize awarded to secret agent posing as activist-journalist
Father Sold His Infant Daughter To Buy iPhone and Motorbike
Man uses luxury car, tiny jet packs to attempt fastest skiing record
Judge Claims Immigrant Toddlers Are Able To Represent Themselves 'Fairly' In Court
Toddler died from meningitis after anti-vaxx parents treated him with maple syrup instead of medicine
Parents of toddler who died of meningitis used home remedies rather than consult doctor, court hears
Intelligence report: Adolf Hitler had a 'poo sex' fantasy
Candidate: Canceled Motley Crue concert behind Facebook outburst
'Mystery Machine' van leads police on high-speed chase
Football fans caused earthquake by cheering
That replication of the replication study that didn't replicate? It doesn't replicate.
Virginia Lawmakers Vote To Bring Back The Electric Chair
A fifth of adults have forgotten how to do fractions or percentages
California Police Chase Woman Driving a Scooby Doo Van
DWI suspect drives with 15-foot tree embedded in grille
Someone is Rickrolling people using fake parking tickets.
Perfume maker will bottle the scent of your dearly departed
Leicester City fans caused 'earthquake' after last minute winner
Raw bison liver: Eat like DiCaprio in "The Revenant" at this Colorado restaurant
Tiger found roaming loose on the Doha Expressway
Rob Gronkowski Tweets About Being Underpaid
Illegal sex video, $87K in cash seized in drug case
Police Are Looking For A Group Of Men Pushing London Cyclists Into A Canal
Trump and the small hands equals small manhood myth, or reality?
Visit Cave Spring - Rome HomeRomeNewsLocal Crowd lines up in advance of Krispy Kreme's grand opening as two tie the knot
Gun industry works to rebrand silencers as hearing-protection accessories
Dog saves the life of sleeping boy with type 1 diabetes
Online petition wants "Trap Queen" performed at Nancy Reagan's funeral
Naked Dancing Woman Stops Traffic on Houston Highway
Pet store brawl over 'proper reptile care' leads to two arrests, three taken to hospital.
Trump Has Tiny Hands PAC Launches
Woman continued to stab husband while driving him to the hospital.
U.S. drone and air strikes kill 150 terrorists attending terrorist training camp graduation.
Internet fame often comes with hate and harassment
Former Baltimore officer who cut dog's throat to get $45,000 in back pay
Monday markets churn: Trump, oil, Fed or short squeeze?
Man charged with assaulting Fargo woman, sitting on Chihuahua
BIG OIL CEO KILLED IN FIERY SINGLE CAR CRASH LESS THAN 24 HOURS AFTER BEING FEDERALLY INDICTED
Radar glitch requires F-35 fighter jet pilots to turn it off and on again
Scuba diver sucked into nuclear power plant pipe
Police: Augusta woman continued to stab husband while driving him to the hospital
Trump Asks Supporters to Raise Right Hand and Pledge
Almost half of Israeli Jews want ethnic cleansing
HIGHWAY SHUT DOWN FOLLOWING CRASH, NAKED WOMAN ON FREEWAY
Austin mayor and San Antonio mayor declare cease fire on taco war plan breakfast taco summit
'Scooby-Doo' Mystery Machine leads CA police in high-speed chase; driver at large
Russian TV militarises International Women's Day
Big Oil CEO Killed In Firey Single Car Crash Less Than 24 Hours After Being Federally Indicated
Qatar commuters startled as escaped tiger appears on Doha motorway
O.J. Simpson is 'a little worried' knife could affect his parole, friend says
Stabbing victim pulls knife out of own neck, kills terrorist
TV broadcast of Amber Alert draws 911 calls from angry viewers
Feds: Brink's employee makes off with $196,000 in quarters
Nearly half of Israeli Jews believe in ethnic cleansing, survey finds
Smuggler Caught with 9,000 Memory Cards Taped To His Legs
Man tries to enter southern China with 9,000 mobile phone cards strapped to his body
Angry TV viewers call 911 annoyed by Amber Alert
Man Caught Smuggling 9,000 Memory Cards at HK Border
Feds Spent $412,930 Studying 'Relationship Between Gender and Glaciers'
Man caught smuggling 9,000 memory cards into China by strapping them to his body with tape just hours after a pensioner did the EXACT same thing
Chinese woman trapped and forgotten in a broken elevator of her apartment building for more than a month before her body was discovered last week
In true Canada style, anti-vaccination parents try to treat meningitis with maple syrup.
Drunk driver stopped by Roselle police with 15-foot tree stuck in grille
Fan Hoping To See Angels Play In Spring Training Game Bitten By Rattlesnake
Donald Trump asking thousands of his supporters to raise their right hands and "solemnly swear"
Tesla Model S fined for excessive emissions in Singapore
Austin and San Antonio mayors declare cease-fire on taco war
Mayor Adler and San Antonio mayor declare cease-fire on taco war, plan Breakfast Taco Summit
Woman evades police after making getaway in Scooby Doo 'Mystery Machine' van
Illinois lawmakers leave for one month break while budget crisis continues
David Duke imposter files federal case in Tampa seeking to bar Trump from Florida primary
Bulgarian Tourist 'Kills Swan By Taking Selfie With It'
Family loses one son to heroin as daughter fights for her life after overdose
Dashcam Video Shows Woman Driving With Tree Stuck In Her Car
Woman drives though Illinois despite 15-foot tree stuck in car's bumper
Woman continues driving with 15-foot tall tree stuck in hood of car
Mum who masturbated during childbirth explains why other women should consider doing the same
Woman drives with 15-foot tree stuck in hood of car, arrested on suspicion of DUI
Astrologer Claiming He Predicted Past Tragedies, Says Eclipse Will Bring Another
Person complains about airport noise 6,500 times
Hungry polar bears looking for food
Conservative group sues CIA in order to release titles in Bin Laden's porn stash
SUV Lands On Roof Of Greenfield Giant Eagle Store
Northern California woman gets away after pursuit in "Mystery Machine" minivan - LA Times
Large, Naked, Dancing Woman Stops Traffic For Hours
Monkeys With Smaller Testicles Scream Louder to Compensate, Study Finds
Burglar steps in flour, footprints lead police to his front door
'Dentist of horror' goes on trial in France, accused of mutilating patients' mouths
The Latest Musings of Ayatollah Khamenei, Feminist
Nobody Knows the Identity of the 150 People Killed by U.S. in Somalia, but Most Are Certain They Deserved It
Greta: A special message on International Women's Day
Secret behind Trump University's A rating: Doing nothing
feminist glaciology leading to more just and equitable science and human-ice interactions
Trump: Do small hands equal small penis, or a myth?
Woman Driving 'Scooby-Doo Mystery Machine' Van Leads Police on High-Speed Chase in California
Brace yourself, the world could be ending TOMORROW amid fears of a killer asteroid striking Earth
NRSC tweet accuses double amputee Dem of 'not standing up for veterans'
Scooby-Doo Like Van Escapes California Police
President Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral in order to attend South by Southwest
Sydney's former coke ovens site to grow hemp[X-Post from r/Canada]
Hillary says she speaks to God daily, but won't reveal her fee
Kim Kardashian hits back at nude selfie criticism, posts another nude selfie
Brawl breaks out at pet store over argument on proper reptile care
New Zealand mint to release Yu-Gi-Oh! collectible coins
Calls versus balls: Monkeys with smaller testicles roar the loudest
Deeper Calls, Smaller Balls
Naked man running from police attempts to jump in river, gets hung upside down when leg gets stuck in tree. Hilarious pics included in article.
Syfy's New Series to Feature Spotify as a Platform for Aliens to Deliver Secret Messages
96-year-old Gollum look-a-like exposed himself to young girls he molested
GOP tweet accuses double amputee Dem of 'not standing up for veterans'
Republicans Attack Amputee Lawmaker For 'Not Standing Up' For Veterans
96-year-old Gollum look-a-like exposed himself to 2 young girls he molested
Donald Trump even decides what Chris Christie eats
Tesla Model S Fined For Producing Too Much Emissions
Hung Like a Howler Monkey
Singapore Government Fines Tesla Model S Owner for Excessive Emissions
The GOP said Tammy Duckworth doesn't 'stand up' for vets. The problem? She lost her legs - in Iraq.
Man Needs Help Finding Woman He Made Eye Contact with on a Bus in 1986.
WOMAN OVERCOMES ADVERSITY, BECOMES WORLD'S 1ST BEARDED MODEL
Chinese woman, 24, who was missing for a decade and presumed dead is found living in an internet cafe after playing games for 10 years [X-post from /r/gaming]
Prime Minister of Denmark tells Bernie Sanders to stop insulting his country by calling it socialist
Taxpayers to shell out $50M for Marines to evacuate 1,200 Mojave tortoises
As glaciers melt, more voices in research are needed
Woman Missing For 10 Years Found Living In Internet Cafe [X-post from /r/gaming]
Suspect wouldn't pull over during chase, wanted to finish smoking joint
SCOTUS short-lister gets Osama bin Laden porn lawsuit
Canadian couple who 'tried to treat their toddler's fatal meningitis with MAPLE SYRUP instead of taking him to a doctor' go on trial over his death
Coach was disappointed with players' disrespect, so he lined up war heroes directly in front of them.
Accused horse killer arrested for 4th time after allegedly impersonating FBI agent
Millennials on their critics: 'I'm offended'
Bowdoin College Offers Safe Spaces, Counseling to Students Traumatized by Tiny Sombreros.
Obama Skipping Nancy Reagan Funeral to Go to SXSW
Divorce Filed! Kim Catches Caitlyn Giving Kanye West Oral Sex In Pool House - Fox News 3
Toddler Dies after Anti-Vaxx Parents Treat His Meningitis with Maple Syrup Instead of Medicine
Tech billionaires plot with GOP leaders at exclusive island resort to stop Trump
Can toddlers defend themselves in immigration court? One judge says so.
Semi carrying 20 million bees crashes
Senate GOP Tries To Like Ted Cruz The Way You Have To Hug Your Sweaty Cousin
Bernie Sanders Sign Defaced in Illinois - Vandals Leave Message
Woman arrested for DUI after driving with 15-foot tree stuck in grille
President Barack Obama Will Skip Nancy Reagan's Funeral to Attend South By Southwest
15-foot tree in cars grill leads to dui arrest
The secret to appreciating things and people
15-foot tree in car's grill leads to DUI arrest
Morrissey for mayor? Former Smiths frontman 'considering' London bid
Donald Trump says he's "not happy" with comparisons to Hitler
Denture mystery deepens after wrong person claims false teeth: Restaurant says it won't 'do the Cinderella thing' and make potential claimants try them on
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are virtually tied in Michigan.
Denture mystery deepens after wrong person claims false teeth
China is building a big data platform for "precrime".
" ... Even my 4-year-old gets jacked up to target shoot the .22." Less than 24 hours later, the woman was shot in the back through her car seat by her kid
Second Wachowski Sibling Comes Out as Transgender
Shoplifting suspect leaves infant behind in Kroger on Gwinnett St.
Second Wachowski filmmaker sibling comes out as trans
Clinton: The FBI hasn't told me I'm being investigated
Short men, overweight women have less opportunities, study finds
Trump qualified for a tax break for New Yorkers making $500K or less
Judge Orders 50cent to Explain Instagram Pics of Him With Stacks of Money After He Filed for Bankruptcy
Wachowski brothers are now sisters, as second filmmaker comes out as transgender woman
Cuba Gooding Jr. taped trying to eat cellphone at Miami Beach club
Guy Who Pretends He Invented Email Whines At Every Journalist For Writing Obit Of Guy Who Actually Helped Create Email
Teenagers react to Windows 95, cannot imagine what their elders endured
Schoolgirls 'posed for Snapchat selfie while battering vulnerable woman to death'
Some Ontarians annoyed that AMBER alert interrupted TV shows
Why Are Cuban Men Putting Pearls in Their Dicks? | VICE | United States
Tourist kills swan by dragging it to take selfie
Tool fan credited with preventing terror attack by smashing terrorist over the head with guitar
US taxmen pull plug on anti-identity-theft system used by identity thieves
Princess Finds Bucolic Bliss in the English Countryside
Vanity Fair: Trump Kept a Volume of Hitler's Speeches By His Bedside
nottheonion HI, I recommend a good dating site)
Suburban veteran fell through VA cracks four times before suicide
Kanye may become a designer for IKEA!
Cybersecurity official warns selfies may be used for 'black magic'
Better Business Bureau calls trump out as liar after he claims they gave his university an A rating.
Ex-ADL chief: Trump's 'raise your hand' gambit was deliberate, Nazi-style 'fascist gesture'
Is Kanye designing for Ikea?
Dog Takes Semi-Truck On Joyride Then Crashes Into A Tree And A Parked Car!
Parents get an iPhone for their 18 day old daughter, claim it was a good trade.
Afghanistan unveils soccer kit with hijab
Elton John & Young Thug are Working on a New Version of "Rocket Man"
Chinese parents sold baby daughter for iPhone
Matrix Filmmaker Lilly Wachowski Comes Out As Transgender
e arrest woman for driving with 15-foot tree embedded in her car
Police arrest woman for driving with 15-foot tree embedded in her car
Maria Sharapova failed drugs test 'reckless' - Dick Pound
McDonald's 'McBarge' Gets £2.3m Makeover After Floating Derelict For 30 Years
Tesla Model S fined USD 10k in Singapore for C02 emissions
Coeur d'Alene shooting suspect sent KHQ manifesto detailing mind-controlling Martians
'I couldn't be more sorry': Canadian thief turns himself in after his victim friends him on Facebook
Tesla Model S fined RM45k in Singapore for emissions
Affiliate Programe - UCW88
@@Luv V@shik@ran expert astrologer +91 9501244448 in usa,uk
Cop Gets Caught Kicking Unarmed Man in Head, Gets Awarded $230,000
Wachowski brothers are now Wachowski sisters
Wachowski siblings, formerly known as Wachowski brothers, has become Wachowski sisters.
Slovenia awaits rare birth of 'baby dragons'
Wachowski siblings, formerly known as Wachowski brothers, have become Wachowski sisters.
Kanye West apologises for 'being confusing' the past few weeks.
Biscuit filled Boeing 777s land in Doncaster to ease national cookie shortage crisis
Former Baltimore Cop Who Slit Dog's Throat to Get $45,000 in Back Pay
Naked man spotted wandering in the snow visits bank and council without being stopped
Sir George Martin dead: Game of Thrones fans had 'mini-heart attack' when they thought George RR Martin had died
German Govt. Promotes Interracial Sex
Naked man climbs off strangers' balcony after 'he's almost caught cheating with another woman'
Man seeks fake son to trick aged mother
Plane makes emergency landing in France after drunk Brit opens door
Navy SEALs don't have enough rifles
Marine sniper who urinated on dead Taliban turns his girlfriend in to police for plotting to kill her ex-boyfriend
Vermont Man Accused of Stealing Cat Incompetent for Trial
REPORT: Heat's Michael Beasley did not punch self in face
Man sells own baby to buy iPhone and motorbike
Prophet nearly killed after botched miracle with lion
You Shouldn't Hate Broccoli
Tesla Model S fined £7,500 for EXCESSIVE CO2 emissions
Humanoid robots have realistic skin, expressive faces
Snowden: FBI's claim it can't unlock the San Bernardino iPhone is 'bullshit'
'Israel must be wiped out': Iran launches two missiles with threat written on them in Hebrew as the country ignores criticism of its ballistic weapon tests
Lion nearly killed prophet after botched miracle
Judge Claims Toddlers can Represent themselves in Court
Election 2016: Hillary Clinton Says Her Vote For Wall Street Bailout Shows Her Support For Auto Workers
Judge claims Toddlers can Defend Themselves in Court
Seattle Seahawks star has cops called on him by gym staff who thought he was trying to rob the place - when he was actually looking to BUY it
Man charges lions to prove God's power
Spencer Native In Court For Beating Pregnant Girlfriend With Toaster Strudel
President Obama to SKIP Nancy Reagan's funeral, will attend SXSW festival
Deputies bust toy-car thieving marauders
BOY NAMED GOODELL PROVES TOM BRADY'S DEFLATEGATE INNOCENCE AT SEVENTH GRADE SCIENCE FAIR
Artists place huge vagina on major Tel Aviv street
World's Least Efficient Thief Steals $200,000 in Quarters
Brink's Worker Stole $200,000 in Quarters: FBI
Chicken nugget recall after employee covers up murders in facility meat grinder
Marco Rubio is losing to Ben Carson, who is not running, in Mississippi
World's first 'Water Bar' to open in Minnesota
Two women dressed as Anna and Elsa were kicked out of Disney's Frozen on Ice for being "too disruptive" due to little girls wanting to take pictures with them.
An unexpectedly sexy catch: Norwegian fisherman lands dildo-eating cod
Pro Gun Poster Woman Shot in the Back By Her 4 Year Old
Suburban Dad Puts Job Listing in Magazine to Find Husband for 'Virgin' Daughter
Wired Stories Keep Calling Trump 'Someone With Tiny Hands' Due to a Browser Goof
Man dressed in bear suit terrifies coworkers
2 Utah women forced to leave 'Frozen On Ice'
Skunk showdown in Fort Sumner
London councils pass rules to ban people from standing in pairs
Nova Scotia firefighters battling Aylesford blaze find hydrant clogged with fish
Pro-Gun Poster Girl Shot in the Back by Four-Year-Old Son
Pro gun rights poster woman shot in the back by 4 year old son
Yahoo News Cops find gunfire suspect, 75, asleep after 4-hour standoff
John Oliver Sells Out of 'Make Donald Drumpf Again' Caps
Girl sent home from school due to "sexually provocative glasses"
Hound Bandits Half Marathon in Alabama
Trump defends loyalty pledges at rallies, 'surprised' by Hitler comparisons
Nova Scotia firefighters battling Aylesford blaze find hydrant clogged with fish - Nova Scotia - CBC News
Man charged with breaking into coworker's home; molesting dog
A protest against Uber in Mexico 'paralyzed the roadways' before turning into a violent street riot
Uber protest in Mexico turns violent and causes street riot
Blind man claims TSA agent ridiculed him at Bradley
Anonymous tip claims raw milk caused illnesses at Capitol: WV lawmakers suffer stomach illness after drinking raw milk to celebrate legalizing raw milk
Colleges still privileging identity politics over free speech
Man Dressed as Batman Robs 2 Central Florida Dollar Stores: Deputies
WV lawmakers suffer stomach illness after drinking raw milk to celebrate legalizing raw milk
Facebook bans artist for posting a painting of Donald Trump with a micropenis
California Woman Driving 'Scooby-Doo' Van Leads Cops on 100 MPH Chase
Lawmakers suffer stomach illness after drinking raw milk to celebrate legalizing raw milk
Anonymous tip claims raw milk caused illnesses at Capitol
Vietnam twins found to have different fathers in rare case
Washington Post reporter moving to MN county he called 'worst place to live in America'
Lawmakers celebrate raw milk law, deny being sickened by it
Naked Female Motorist Leads New Mexico Cops On 100 MPH Chase, Says She Was Too Hot For Clothes
Gun-loving Florida mom shot by 4-year-old son, hours after bragging online that he "gets jacked up to target shoot"
Spain rape victim asked by judge if she tried 'closing her legs'
The latest policing tool to monitor rowdy spring breakers: Drones
Gun-loving Florida mom shot by 4-year-old son hours after bragging he 'gets jacked up' to shoot
Poll Shows 31 Percent of Trump Voters Believe Whites are the Superior Race
Polish Space Agency makes Polandball part of it's logo
Lawmakers in West Virginia Celebrate Legalization of Raw Milk By Drinking It and Getting Sick
Pro-gun poster girl is shot in the back by her four-year-old son while driving in Florida after the boy found her pistol on back seat of truck
Pro-Gun Activist Shot in Back by 4-Year-Old Son
Pro-gun Florida mom accidentally shot by 4-year-old son after leaving loaded weapon in car, bragging about how tot gets 'gets jacked up' for target practice
Florida Mom Recovering After Shot By Toddler While Driving
Florida Mom Teaches 4-Year-Old To Shoot, Promptly Gets Shot
Anti-Donald Trump sentiment gives big boost to Canadian tourism
W. Virginia lawmakers celebrate legalizing raw milk, deny being sickened by it
Vocal pro-gun activist and Florida mom shot by her own toddler
Petition calls for Fetty Wap to perform 'Trap Queen' at Nancy Reagan's funeral
Germany catches woman smuggling cocaine in breast implants
Pro-gun poster girl shot by her four-year-old son
Roaming cows a deadly threat, Southwick animal control officer warns
Pro-gun Florida mom shot by 4-year-old son
Lawmakers legalize raw milk - then reportedly get sick after drinking it to celebrate
Lawmakers celebrate raw milk, deny being sickened by it
Lawmakers Chug Raw Milk to Celebrate Legalizing Raw Milk, Are Mysteriously Overcome With Stomach Illness
Gun-Rights Advocate Who Posed With Small Child and Gun Was Shot by Her 4-Year-Old Yesterday
Tourist 'Kills Swan After Pulling It Out Of A Lake For A Selfie'
CNN Talks About Trump 'Lying About His Meat Again'
Woman calls 911 when dry cleaning not ready on time: Lyndhurst police blotter
Faith-Healing Parents Jailed After Second Child's Death
Gun loving mom shot by her 4-year old son with .45 caliber
Russia looking to buy 5 dolphins with perfect teeth and killer instinct
Facebook Buys Masquerade to Challenge Snapchat's Rainbow Vomit
Pro-gun activist shot in the back by her four-year-old son
Maria Sharapova accused of 'willful negligence' by Dick Pound
Kraft changed its mac & cheese recipe and nobody noticed
Councillor who announced closure of public toilets fined for urinating in street - Telegraph
Idaho Shooting Suspect Caught at White House Trying to Warn the Country of Oversexed Martians
Chipotle just had another food safety incident
View NavigationNPR logo Search npr home find stations news arts & life music programs & podcasts shop my account Skip to Main Content POLITICS Trump Doesn't Own Most Of The Products He Pitched Last Night
Pro Gun Mom Shot by 4 Year Old
The 15-Year-Old Girl Who Was Brutally Raped and Burned in India Has Died
Trump Doesn't Own Most Of The Products He Pitched Last Night
Agency investigates lawmaker who distributed raw milk to celebrate bill passage
Fla. pro-guns mom shot by 4-year-old son
Where Gawker editor draws the line: A sex-tape of a 4-year-old
'Le Burger' Now Top Selling Dish in French Restaurants, New Study Reveals
Due to an oversight involving a haphazardly-installed Chrome extension during the editing process, the name Donald Trump was erroneously replaced with the phrase "Someone With Tiny Hands" when this story originally published.
Jaden Smith Continues to Look Really Dope in Women's Clothes
After Legalizing It, Legislators Drank Raw Milk, Then Got Really Sick
Good Ol' American Hamburgers Are Now France's Hottest Selling Dish
Now The Washington Post ran 16 positive stories on Bernie Sanders in 16 hours! #bias
Pot-Friendly Congressmen Won't Smoke at White House
Secret sex suite now grandkids' sweet playroom: Home remodel
Lawmakers sick after drinking raw milk to celebrate legalizing raw milk
JK Rowling under fire for writing about 'Native American wizards'
Feds spent $412,930 studying relationship between gender and glaciers. (Link to study from The University of Oregon in article.)
Kanye West's new Yeezy sneakers will be in stores soon. The only way to get them is to participate in an 8 day "military style drill."
Anti-gun Columnist Wings Backyard Intruder
Man accused of trying to leave Walmart with shellfish down his pants
You're more likely to die by selfie than shark attack
Pro-gun poster girl Jamie Gilt shot in the back by her own four-year-old son
'What the hell have they done?' Spanish castle restoration mocked
The Argument for Masturbating During Childbirth
'My 4-year-old gets jacked up to target shoot' mom brags hours before he shoots her
Don't Be Fooled by Justin Trudeau's Virility-Canada Is in a Sperm Crisis!
An Inside Look at IHOP's Social Media War Room on National Pancake Day
Australian scientists found a new spider that can swim and catch fish
Study: Japanese great tits employ syntax
Find Furniture Removalists in Port Phillip Melbourne
Gun rights advocate accidentally shot in the back by her 4-year-old son
Pro-gun poster girl is shot in the back by her four-year-old son
Mother accidentally shot through the seat by her 4-year-old son while driving receives worldwide attention -- and ridicule -- on pro-gun Facebook page
Google says it won't Google jurors in upcoming Oracle API copyright trial
Woman tells Putnam County deputy that son, 4, shot her in back while she was driving
Pro-gun mother is shot in the back by her toddler son
Florida mom shot by four-year-old son just hours after bragging about his shooting skills
Local mom shot by son receives worldwide attention on Facebook
Fossil fuels 'probably dead' says CP Rail's Hunter Harrison
Egypt drafts bill to ban burqa and Islamic veils in public places
Hulk Hogan admits during Gawker trial he lied about the size of his penis
Obama to Skip Nancy Reagan's Funeral to Attend South by Southwest
Neanderthal Experts Wish You Wouldn't Insult Neanderthals By Comparing Them to Politicians
Florida mom says 4-year-old son shot her in the back
Syrian refugees in Canada got housed in same hotel as VancouFur furry convention and the children loved it
Major League Baseball Manager Saves Swarm from 'Bee Genocide'
Pro Gun Mom Shot In Back By Four Year Old
Florida Mother and staunch Pro-Gun Advocate shot in the back by 4-year old son while driving
Obama to Skip Nancy Reagan's Funeral to Attend SXSW
Russia looks to buy five dolphins with perfect teeth and killer instinct
Wall Street Bonuses More Than Total Earnings Of Minimum Wage Workers
Buddhist monk, apparently mistaken as Muslim, attacked in Hood River
Top Arab-American city backs Jewish socialist, man for Muslim ban
Instagramming your food could make it taste better: study
NRSC deletes tweet attacking Tammy Duckworth for 'not standing up for our veterans'
Michelle Obama tries out graffiti tag
Woman murders college roommate for sending too many Candy Crush requests
Steak-gate: Was it really Donald's meat?
Woman Kills Swan By Dragging It From Lake For Selfie
West Virginia Legalizes Raw Milk and Lawmakers Get Sick Drinking It
Serbian Company Launches Controversial Real Life FPS That Lets Players Shoot Machine Guns Over The Internet
Gun rights activist shot by 4-year-old son after claiming he was 'jacked up' to fire weapons
Facebook gun rights activist shot and wounded by 4-year-old son who "gets jacked up" to target shoot - Salon.com
Woman 'kills swan by taking selfie with it'
Florida pro-gun mom shot in back by son
George R. R. Martin Wants You to Know He's Not Dead
VancouFur Bear Hugs Syrian Refugees
'My four-year-old gets jacked up to shoot': mother brags hours before he shoots her
School closed for two days after a massive fight over scuffed shoes.
IHOP 'Robin Hood' Arrested for Giving Away More Than $3K in Free Drinks: DA - Downtown Brooklyn - DNAinfo.com New York
Brondby coach quits after chairman trolls him in online forum
Can Voodoo Dolls Help Tell If You're "Hangry"? A US Senator Doesn't Care
Syrian refugees get warm welcome at Vancouver Furry convention
Female Spanish judge asks rape victim if she tried closing her legs
She drove about 5 miles with tree stuck in car before DUI arrest
HEAR the joke that will cost comedian Mike Ward $180,000 (if Human Rights Commissions have their way)
Man jailed for selling 18-day-old daughter online 'to buy iPhone'
Mom shot by 4-year-old son in Putnam County
'I will die on the sandwich hill': A hockey fight like no other in Gander
National Enquirer Endorses Trump, Calls Rubio 'Nerdy'
Hulk Hogan Blames Wife for Him Sleeping with Pal's Wife
METALLICA's James Hetfield Departs Band, Announces Country Music Album 'Hetfield Road'
Microsoft has released a Debian Linux switch OS.
Donald Trump suits and ties are made in China
Hulk Hogan is asked the question every man fears
US boy, four, accidentally shoots gun-loving mom
IRS shuts down identity security tool for taxpayers due to security problems
Russian military seeks five combat dolphins
Pro-gun US woman accidentally shot in back by 4yo son, could face charges
Pro-gun poster girl shot in back by four-year-old son
Man broke into coworker's home, molested dog - Story | WAGA
Donald Trump Compares Hands With Reporter, Maybe Cheats
Student Who Once Nudged His Way To The Oval Office Now Hopes To Move In
Woman Brags On Facebook Her 4-Year-Old Shoots A Gun, Gets Shot By Her Kid
Someone tries to make a dog swear allegiance to Trump, dog has none of it
Swan killed by tourist who dragged it out of Macedonian lake to take a selfie
Woman hid child in bag on Istanbul-Paris flight: Air France
Famous recording artist sings "Happy Birthday" to cop, ticket avoided
Toddler discovered hidden in hand luggage aboard Istanbul to Paris flight
US pro-gun activist mother shot - by her four-year-old son
Gun-Rights Advocate Who Posed With Small Child and Gun Was Shot by Her 4-Year-Old on Tuesday
Pro-gun activist is accidentally shot by 4-year-old son
Introducing 'Normal Ken,' a doll that celebrates what real men look like
The Church of Cannabis is now a legally recognized religion and weed is its holy sacrament
Google's Self-Driving Car Hit A Bus
Stuffed Chimpanzee in Top Hat Among Those Missing in London
'Hot Felon' Out of Prison, Has 'Offers on the Table': Agent
Pro-gun woman shot in back by 4yo son after she boasted about his marksmanship
ICPD: Man answered door holding lit marijuana blunt
Filmmaker Who Pissed Off Inuit Wants to Fix It by Swapping Everyone's Face With Trudeau's
Swan dies after tourist drags it from lake for photo
Swan dies after tourist drags it out of water for photo
'Drunk' woman drove with 15ft tree stuck in her bonnet
Pro-gun poster girl shot by four-year-old son
Police arrest drunk motorist driving with 15-foot tree lodged in car bonnet, airbags deployed
Osaka subway drivers go to court over freedom to grow beards
Oregon man smashes Buddhist monk's head into a car while screaming about Muslims
Monk assaulted in Hood River - Mistaken for Muslim
Pastor Shooting Suspect Kyle Odom Charged, Claims Martians Control Earth
Happy Valley man accused of stealing Legos, agreeing to sell them to undercover investigators
Florida Pro Gun-Rights Advocate Who Posed With Small Child and Gun Was Shot by Her 4-Year-Old on Tuesday.| Daily Mail Online
German Mayor bills Israeli government for rescuing spies from mud, who were spying on new German submarine
Gun lovin' Florida mom says 4-year-old son shot her in the back
Jim Harbaugh "urges" President Obama to name Judge Judy to the Supreme Court
Pro-gun US woman shot in back by 4yo son after she boasted about his marksmanship
Woman escapes police in Mystery Machine mini-van
Goths lose their shit after scientists discover colour darker than black
Woman hides child in carry-on bag
World's Largest McDonald's Shuts to Make Way for Even Larger McDonald's
Saskatchewan buys 1-way bus tickets to B.C. for homeless men
Sweden deployed gay propaganda to scare off Ruddian submarines
"Pawn Stars" Chumlee Arrested in Las Vegas on 20 Felony Counts
Sweden deployed gay propaganda to scare off Russian submarines
Taylor farmed oysters and clams now politically correct to eat
Are carbs the new cigarettes?
Florida Woman with no pants crashes into Florida Waffle House
Shocker: WaPo Investigates Itself for Anti-Sanders Bias, Finds There Was None
Pro-gun activist shot by 4-year-old son
4-year-old US boy accidentally shoots gun-loving mother
ssage to Russian submarines: 'This way if you are gay.'
Ikea billionaire Ingvar Kamprad buys second-hand clothes to save money
6-year-old gets stuck in claw crane arcade machine
Twins 'with different fathers' born in Vietnam
'Chumlee' from 'Pawn Stars' arrested during sexual assault raid
Police bust suspected Lego thief in undercover sting
MPs hurl racist insults during racism debate
Your Office at 40,000 Feet above Ground
Pro-gun mum shot in the back by 4 y/o son
Yahoo News Gun Advocate Mom is Accidentally Shot in the Back By Her 4-Year-Old Son: Cops
The story of a man who mailed himself from NYC to Dallas
Florida Mom Who Runs Pro-Gun Facebook Page, Shot By Her 4-Year-Old Son
Alex Hannaford on the man who shipped himself home in a crate | US news | The Guardian
Austin 'Chumlee' Russell Of 'Pawn Stars' Arrested On Drug And Weapon Charges
Belgian pharma bosses 'accused of selling to Mexican drug baron'
People enjoying warm weather
Bella and Juma Enjoy Breakfast and Snuggles-Bella is 8 months old, and Juma is just a 1 month old jaguar
Men Held 'Hostage' By Vomiting, Pillow-Humping Pit Bull In Hilarious Home Video
Washington Post Investigates Itself For Anti-Sanders Bias - Finds There Was None
'Pawn Stars' Regular Austin 'Chumlee' Russell Arrested On Gun & Drug Charges
Syrian Refugee Children Wind Up at Furry Convention
Chiseled inmate who became known as the 'Hot Felon' for his handsome mugshot is released from prison to start his new life as a model
Say anything? Complaint over loud "boom box" music leads to brawl on Spirit Airlines flight
Ramsay or Reddit? Famed chef tackles Internet memes
Coca-Cola has spent $1.7 million funding Australian health groups over five years
Susie Romans, 28, quits job, makes $US15,000 a month working 4 hours a day
Woman smuggles child in hand luggage on Paris-bound plane
Wife rips off her Romanian husband's testicles with her bare hands after he refused to help with the housework on International Women's Day
Twin Cities woman sentenced to month in jail in fatal distracted-driving case
Pro-Gun Florida Mom Accidentally Shot by 4-Year-Old Son
Unexpected encounter with a brown bear in a lake
NeoAxis 3D Engine 3.4 Released news
Woman murders college roommate for sending too many Candy Crush requests | The Valley Report
'Game Of Thrones' author George RR Martin honours Beatles producer as he confirms he's not dead.
Fans mourn Game of Thrones author George RR Martin - who is alive and well.
Two Russian TV networks used the same expert in simultaneous 'live broadcasts'
Pro-gun poster girl shot by son
Polish NATO image stained as top generals quit
James Deen's Porn Company Faces Stiff Fines for Failing to Use Condoms on Set
Gun enthusiast mom shot in back by 4yo son
'Milkybar Kid' locked up for pinching two bottles of bourbon
'Chumlee' from 'Pawn Stars' facing weapons, drug possession charges
Russian military to buy 5 dolphins, purpose undisclosed
Racists must be blacklisted
Two Russian TV channels aired two different talk shows in "live broadcast" simultaneously. On both shows they used the same people as experts.
ADHD is vastly overdiagnosed and many children are just immature, say scientists
Boy In China Cuts Off Finger After Arguing With Father Over Smartphone Addiction
Pro-gun activist shot by her own son after boasting of firearm training on social media
Pro-Gun Activist Jamie Gilt Accidentally Shot By Her 4-Year-Old Son
Syrian refugees placed in same hotel as furry convention
Chumlee from Pawnstars lifts up his shirt and says he could be new face of Subway since Jared was suspended, girl fan falls on her back trying to protect Chumlee from autograph seeker in Las Vegas
Bernie Sanders ice cream: Ben & Jerry's founder unveils new 'Bernie's Yearning' ice cream flavor
New spider discovered in Australia is named Brian
Sepp Blatter: I expected a tribute at Fifa congress
Can Microwaves Kill 'Zombie' Potholes, Once and For All?
George RR Martin denies being dead after George Martin dies
In China, the state decides who can come back from the dead
Hungry polar bears search for food in Russia
Racists must be blacklisted: ANC
Pro-gun Florida mom shot by 4-year-old son a day after boasting about his shooting skills
Prima Donna Species Just Has To Have Every Part Of Natural Habitat Intact
Hoverboard gunman shoots Dallas driver, rolls away to avoid capture
Woman hides four-year-old child in bag on flight from Istanbul to Paris
Prophet Charges Lion To Prove God's Power, Nearly Killed
NC third grader writes letter to Donald Trump: 'You have been very rude'
Woman paints portrait of Donald Trump using nothing but her breasts
We've built many floodbanks - but they're not visible because they're flooded
Canada-U.S. state dinner site of sticky situation -- over maple syrup
Pro-gun Poster Girl Shot in Back by Her 4-Year-Old Son
Cow urine sold alongside food in London shops
Pro-gun activist accidentally shot by own four year old
'En-suite room and butler, but breakfast lets it down': Prisoner posts TripAdvisor-style review after spending the night in a police cell
Sanders on handling Putin: I took on people as Burlington mayor
Bernie Sanders: I Took On Vermont Voters, 'I'm Prepared to Take on Putin'
Iranian politician claims women don't belong in parliament - along with children and donkeys
Mislabeled Painkillers: Fentanyl Drug Kills Many
Unlucky Lawmakers Get Sick After Drinking Raw Milk to Celebrate Legalization of Raw Milk
Turkish anti-drug NGO director faces new drug, sexual assault charges
50 Cent Tells Bankruptcy Court Piles of Cash in Photos Were Fake
YIKES Mom behind pro-gun Facebook page shot in the back by 4-year-old
'Harmony & security': Serial pedophile Dutroux planned 'underground city' with many child victims
Iran Told to Pay $10.5 Billion to Sept. 11 Kin, Insurers
Gun rights advocate shot in the back by her 4-year-old son
Gun advocate accidentally shot by 4-year-old son in FL
Singapore's First Tesla Model S Owner Fined $11,000 For Excessive Pollution
Study of glaciers' varied impact on men, women cost taxpayers big bucks
Legal Costs Mount For Bay Area Man Sued By Home Intruder He Shot
Flight is delayed when a passenger opens emergency exit door for fresh air
German lodges todger in 13 steel rings
Peace Now head blasts terror victim's self-defense
Former 'Glee' Extra Explains How Tweeting Show Spoiler 'Ruined Her Life'
iPhone glitch provides huge speed boost by completely turning off animations
Avalanche kills director of avalanche center in Oregon
Mass Effect 2 for PC Reviews
West Jordan Mom abandoned 'rude' 8 year old son at hospital
Pro-gun activist in US accidentally shot by 4-year-old son
Koala Mauled in LA Zoo, P-22 Mountain Lion Believed Responsible
Charges: West Jordan mom abandoned 'rude' 8-year-old son at hospital
Drunk driver gets up to 12 years for the death of a cop killed in an accident he was not involved in.
Russia looks to recruit five bottlenose dolphins for military duty
Erdogan's wife says harems 'prepared women for life'
Odom manifesto explains how Martians took over his life
O.J. Simpson on unearthed knife: 'If it's rusted, I can't be busted'
Assassin's Creed movie has a $1,200 pre-order ticket package
Turkey's first lady praises Ottoman harem
Avalanche center director killed in avalanche
Woman tried to hide child in carry-on bag on Air France flight
How a hacker's typo helped stop a billion dollar bank heist
Chinese Air Passenger Causes Emergency After Opening Plane Door 'For Some Fresh Air'
Of course you can pre-order Assassin's Creed movie tickets and there's a $1200 crossbow option
Airline passenger opens emergency door to 'get some fresh air'
50 Cent likes to pose with money even if it isn't real
Dick Pound gets hard on Maria Sharapova
Osaka subway drivers sue over right to grow a beard
Children want parents to 'stop sharing their photos online and put phones down at mealtimes'
Bryce Harper: Baseball 'a tired sport, because you can't express yourself'
U.S. Government Granted $709,000 To Confirm That Glaciers Are Sexist
Five women get into midair brawl over boombox on Spirit Airlines flight
Sweden's 'Doctor Anal' loses his medical licence
Complaint over loud 'boom box' music leads to 5-woman brawl on Spirit Airlines flight
Oak Forest Woman Says She Was Stabbed For Refusing To Join Husband In Threesome
Please Stop Using 'Neanderthal' As An Insult, Say Neanderthal Experts
Unsolicited belly-rubbing advice to pregnant student costs university $850,000
Man dies in avalanche in Eagle Cap Wilderness
Health and safety event called off due to health and safety concerns
Instant noodles can make babies gay, claims Indonesia mayor
Salon's Huge 'Make Your Hair Great Again' Hat Stolen
Get ready to cry watching this scared Marin rescue dog reunite with her puppies
Mom, shot by 4-year-old, apparent gun rights advocate
'Hot Mug Shot Guy' Jeremy Meeks Leaves Prison, Starts Modeling Career
Ready For Fun? First Take Off Your Shoes And Wait In Long Airport Lines
Driving dog takes semi truck for a joyride in Minnesota
Avalanche kills avalanche safety expert
Hamas lights 15 tons of Snickers on fire after recall
Journalist who reported Minnesota county was 'worst place to live' is moving there
Cable customer denounced 1531 times during 20 months to the police, leading them to be charged seven times, for crimes including copyright infringement and pedo-pornography.
Director of Wallowa Avalanche Center Dies in Oregon Avalanche
Christian 'prophet' loses his buttocks to a hungry lion while trying to prove God would save him
Novelty Key Chain Watches (Flower, Butterfly & Tea Kettle) 3-Pack
This penguin swims 8,000km every year to visit man who saved his life a true love
Thai cops punished by Hello Kitty
Man Left Furious After Someone Sneaked Up And Locked A Padlock To His Earlobe
penguin swims 8,000km every year to visit man who saved his life
'Chumlee' from 'Pawn Stars' arrested on weapon, drug charges
Man sleeping in dumpster injured after being dumped into garbage truck
US 'fairly certain' It killed top ISIS leader ...for the fifth time
Report: Kanye West Supports Donald Trump For President
Hackers lost millions in bank heist because of sloppy spelling
WATCH: Man Tries To Rob Taxi Driver At Gunpoint ... With Cop Car Right Behind Him
Woman murders college roommate for sending too many Candy Crush requests (w/ bag of jelly beans...)
16yo Russian Schoolboy wins competition to live with porn star for a month
Judge gives 38-time burglar a chance
Police: Naked New Mexico woman used heroin, pills and drank whiskey before high-speed chase
Shocker: Washington Post investigates itself for anti-Sanders bias, finds there was none
Iran ordered to pay $10.5 billion for 9/11 by US judge
Mountain Lion Needs a Lawyer
Competition favors shy tits
To this shotgun-carrying mosque protester, Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric has gone too far
Video: Brawl Breaks Out After 2 Women Reportedly Tried to Turn Spirit Airlines Flight Into Soul Plane
Transgender man says Obamacare requires Pa. to pay for uterus removal
Marginalized Students Make Interesting Demands at UofA
Spelling mistake prevented hackers taking $1bn in bank heist
Baby Found Hidden in Bag On Board Air France
Police: Serial butt-grabber arrested in Coral Gables
ur moms a dumb asshole
Thu Mar 10, 2016 | 1:35 PM EST North Korea fires missiles, to 'liquidate' South Korean assets
North Korea fires missiles, to 'liquidate' South Korean assets
J.J. Abrams says his wife told him to stop using lens flare
Buddhist monk attacked by man who thought he was Muslim
National biscuit shortage: two cargo jets full of biscuits flown into Britain to replenish stocks
Russia Recruits Combat Dolphins, Lists Perfect Teeth As Prerequisite
Avalanche kills director of Oregon avalanche center
Nazi-era building filled with sharks in Vienna
Iran ordered to pay $10.5 billion for 9/11 by US District Judge from NY
New study finds "Competition favors shy tits."
Trump Supporter Punches Protester, Protester Arrested
Avalanche Kills Director Of Wallowa Avalanche Center
Pro-gun Florida woman accidentally shot by 4-year-old son
Americans May Be Too Religious To Embrace Socialism
A Furry Convention Welcomed Syrian Refugee Families to Canada
'Modern-day Robin Hood' gave away $3K in free drinks at IHOP
Brooklyn IHOP waiter accused of giving away $3G in soft drinks, claims he's 'modern-day Robin Hood'
Brooklyn IHOP Worker Arrested For Giving Out Free Drinks: "I Am The Modern Day Robin Hood"
IHOP waiter who calls himself a 'modern day Robin Hood' arrested for giving away more than $3,000 in soft drinks to diners
IHOP waiter arrested, accused of giving away $3K in free drinks
Is William Powell IHOP waiter the modern day Robin Hood or just looking for extra tips?
This IHOP Waiter 'Robin Hood' Gave Away $3,000 in Drinks
IHOP worker arrested for allegedly giving out free drinks
Florida gun rights activist shot by her 4-year-old son
Hillary Clinton Forgot That She Supported a Coup in Honduras
Kosovo buying body scanner to stop MPs taking teargas into parliament
Bangladesh Loses $100 Million From New York Fed Account
Hulk Hogan Wears Formal Bandanna to Court
Vancouver woman crowd funds to save elephant only to learn elephant is fine
Fingers point at mountain lion P-22 when LA Zoo koala turns up dead
President Obama Likens ISIS to Heath Ledger's Joker in the Dark Knight
Napoleon Dynamite's Uncle Rico can solve Broncos' quarterback crisis, says Sanders.
3 Million Boxes of DiGiorno Pizzas, Stouffer's and Lean Cuisine Recalled Over Glass in Food
Police Search for Women Who Attacked 16-Year-Old Fast Food Worker Over Coupons
Twitter shuts down Anonymous accounts 'for harassing' ISIS jihadis
Nashville burglar tells homeowner he's breaking in to save wife Taylor Swift
Henrico Police say woman called Uber as getaway car after attempted store theft
Florida mayor plans to travel from Cuba to U.S. on makeshift raft
Eagles of Death Metal singer suggests absent venue security was aware of Paris terror attacks last November
Famous Chicago Hot Dog Stand Selling 3-Inch Dogs, Calls Them 'Trump Footlongs'
This 4-legged chicken is safe to eat, says farming official
KU Student Senate approves first-ever Multicultural Student Government
Developer plans to move London Stone out of WH Smith and onto public plinth
'Four-legged chicken' found on farm in eastern China: it's still edible, claims official
Oh, Canada: Plane-Imported "Migrants" Share Hotel with Furry Fetishist Convention
Avalanche kills head of Ore. avalanche center
Second 'Matrix' director comes out as transgender
Dog Reluctantly Takes Trump Pledge
Canadian parents try to cure child's meningitis with maple syrup.
Canadian man refuses to remove baseball cap for driver's licence photo - claims hockey as religion because Muslims and Hindus can do same. 'Hockey to me is my religion'
Competition Favours Shy Tits
Frightened Chihuahua Tries To Evade Police, Gets Stuck Under Cop Car
Truck driver beat GWB toll using fishing line, cops say
"Hockey to me is my religion" - Canadian man fighting to wear Oilers cap in driver's licence photo
Red Deer man refuses to remove baseball cap for driver's licence photo
Apple: DOJ 'desperate,' brief reads like indictment
One-month-old infant dies after being branded with hot iron
America's High School Graduates Look Like Other Countries' High School Dropouts
Giant Red Donald Trump-Inspired Hat Stolen From Outside Redondo Beach Hair Salon
Avalanche awareness instructor dies in avalanche
Avalanche center director dies in avalanche
Sask. government gives homeless men one-way bus tickets to B.C.
Electric car Tesla slapped with $15,000 carbon emission tax surcharge
Rubio: My immigration policies would have kept my parents out of US
Employee admits to pooping in Wendy's chili for over 2 years
A channel dedicated to BALL reviews. Over 130!
Oklahoma House votes to eliminate license, training requirements for openly carried sidearms
Ex-Putin aide died in Washington of 'blunt force injuries'
Griffith Park mountain lion P-22 suspected of killing koala at L.A. Zoo
Interior secretary celebrate teddy bear's resurgence
Think your commute is bad? Ostrich chases cyclists down road
Husband and wife held hostage free themselves then kill escaped murder suspect
West Virginia lawmakers fall ill after taking a celebratory drink of unpasteurized milk after successfully passing a bill that allowed for the sale of unpasteurized milk...
Man arrested in undercover operation involving Legos
Ben Carson To Endorse Guy Who Called Him 'Pathological'
Neptune man guilty of trying to join ISIS
Several West Virginia lawmakers fall ill after taking a celebratory drink of unpasteurized milk after successfully passing a bill that allowed for the sale of unpasteurized milk
Ben Carson To Endorse Donald Trump, Who Compared Him To A Child Molester
Pro-gun mum accidentally shot by son after bragging about child's shooting skills
Nude Donald Trump Art Arouses Passion, Censorship
'Dog Whisperer' Cesar Millan Under Investigation
Inmate Posts Rave Online Review of His Jail Cell
'Dog Whisperer' Cesar Millan Under Investigation for Possible Animal Cruelty
A typo partially stopped hackers from stealing $1 billion from a Bangladesh bank
Donkeys and women have no place in Iran's parliament, lawmaker says
Newly discovered Queensland 'surfing' spider can ride waves and eat toads
Jedi the Dog Helps His Little 'Master' Luke Battle Type 1 Diabetes
Israel to Let Gazans Leave via West Bank - as Long They Don't Return for at Least 12 Months
World's First Grammar Nazi Parade Takes Place In Berlin
This Japanese writing clock is already a timeless classic
Escaped Mississippi murder suspect killed by family he held hostage inside their home
Taxpayer-Funded Study Examines the Gender Politics of Glaciers
Director of Lance Armstrong film didn't know actor took drugs to prepare
Singapore's first Tesla Model S owner hit with $11,000 fine for excessive emissions
Actor prepared for Lance Armstrong role by taking PEDs
Help wanted: House Elf
'Good' cholesterol not always good, study suggests
President Erdogan's wife, Turkish first lady praises harem as 'school for women'
Chinese passenger opens plane's emergency door to 'get some fresh air' while waiting for takeoff
I Took And Smuggled These Out Of North Korea - Illegal Photos Kim Doesn't Want You To See
Trucker caught using fishing line to thwart EZPass tolls: Port Authority PD
Danish children's rights activist stands trial for people trafficking
Dad Leaves Baby in Car While He Goes to Strip Club
'Dog Whisperer' Cesar Millan reportedly investigated over alleged animal cruelty
Turkish first lady praises harem as 'school for women'
Mobility Scooter hit and run. Grandmother and young child knocked over by woman in mobility scooter.
Pro gun mom shot in back by 4 year old son
Moscow restaurant draws on collective Soviet nostalgia - and adds a salad bar
New one button device allows you to order food without having to pause your gaming session
Thailand's 'most handsome' buffalo dies
Picture Of Lynching Found In Decorative Table At Joe's Crab Shack
Man stunned as wife who 'died' two years ago is spotted on TV show
A Florida Mayor May Be Removed from Office After Satanist Points Out Numerous Ethical Violations
Iranian Mohammed Akhlaghi racially abused Hull parking warden by calling him 'English'
Attorney Loses Dog, Mind In Profanity-Laced Filing About Strippers
Gun-Advocate Mom Accidentally Shot by Her 4-Year-Old Son
Republican Candidates Keep It Civil in Latest GOP Debate as They Refrain from Low Blows and Stick to the Issues
A City Mayor Asked the Pentagon to Use Military Drones to Look for Potholes
Scientists made cutting edge 'smart skin' with Post-its, foil and tape
Iain Duncan Smith claims people THANK him for stopping their benefits
Passenger opens plane door "to get some fresh air"
Man dressed as speed camera protests against Farnborough Police & Security event
Louisiana Will Tax Its Poor To Fill Budget Hole Caused By Tax Cuts For The Rich
'Dog Whisperer' Cesar Milan under investigation for animal cruelty.
ADHD children may just be immature, research suggests
Smartphone-addicted Chinese kid cuts off own finger with kitchen knife
Joe's Crab Shack apologizes for using photo of lynching as table decor
South Sudan fighters allowed to rape women in lieu of wages
Ben Carson to Endorse Donald Trump
One of China's 'Dancing Grannies' Is Shot as Tensions Boil Over
Henry Cavill on Acting: "I'm Not Just Doing This for the Art"
Violence At Trump Rallies? Cruz Says It's 'Emperor' Obama's Fault
Laundry detergent from Jessica Alba's Honest Co. contains ingredient it pledged to avoid
Penguin travels thousands of miles each year to visit man who saved it
'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks is free, and getting into modeling
Republican debate: Trump calls for party unity
Obama thanks Cape Breton for offering to accept Trump refugees
Too many turkeys - Staten Island calls foul over bird woes
Man buys 30 packets of beehoon to throw on the floor after his queue got cut
Members of the "Original Six," (director/filmmaker-activists) do an AMA answering mostly softball questions form minute old sock-puppet accounts; quickly abandon thread when called out.
Cesar Milan, the 'Dog Whisperer', investigated for animal cruelty
FBI Instructs High Schools to Inform on "Anti-Government" Students
Cesar Millan, the 'Dog Whisperer,' investigated for animal cruelty - against a pig
Clever fox steals wallet from English golfers
Women dressed as Anna, Elsa kicked out of 'Frozen On Ice' for being 'too popular'
Bus creep snips ponytail
'Dr Anal' loses license after decades of 'dubious' butthole massage
Large chunks of ice floating down the Kureyka River
GOP candidates set aside insults, talk about policy
US Soldiers Indoctrinated on Evils of 'White Privilege'
Insane Frat Party Gets Host Up to $275K in Fines
Nursery 'raised fears of radicalisation' over boy's cucumber drawing
Mom abandons eight year old son at hospital with a note saying he was 'rude' and 'ungovernable'
iPhone User E-mails Apple Boss and Gets a Reply
Tear gas has become a regular thing in Kosovo's parliament
Joe's Crab Shack: Restaurant Apologizes for Photo Which Appears to Depict Execution Scene
The Daily Beast wrote an article discussing how interracial porn is racist.
Bhutan Celebrates Newborn Prince by Planting 108,000 Trees
White Stripes Drummer Meg White To Replace Rush's Neil Peart
Blows to Head, Not Heart Attack, Killed Ex-Putin Aide
South Korea Constructing Statue In Honor of Psy
Woman Still Waiting For Co-Workers To Ask About Her Faith
Baltimore woman 'blown off' her own toilet files lawsuit
'Homeland Security' finds homework inside 'suspicious' backpack that prompted school evacuation
New Study: Splenda causes cancer; a safer sweetener comes from anal glands of beavers
'Dog Whisperer' Cesar Millan Under Investigation for Possible Animal Cruelty - Against a Pig
Red Deer man refuses to remove Oilers cap for driver's licence photo
Mississippi House passes bill requiring teachers to grade parents
Prison term for mixing crack, Kool-Aid
Rapper Mr. Potter's (Eminem's side vocal) infelicitous post about Brazil
One Donald Trump Says There Are Two Donald Trumps, Other Trump Says There's One
Cat flees rodent of unusual size in Chinese city
Man charged for punch at Trump rally: 'We don't know if he's ISIS'
Pig breeders threaten to block off roads to Lisbon with 250 trucks
The Wiener's Circle welcomes Donald Trump with 3-inch hot dog deal
A typo costs bank hackers nearly $1B
Woman tells Denver cab driver location she's headed to before stealing car at knifepoint: Police
Amazon gadget hijacks owner's heating after hearing radio report
Boy's cucumber drawing prompts de-radicalisation call
Kosovo govt to buy body scanner to stop MPs smuggling tear gas into parliament
Mustache Hall of Fame Welcomes New Class
Maine seafood wholesaler acquires rare four-clawed lobster
Student senator faces impeachment for conservative beliefs
Joe's Crab Shack apologizes after using photo of black man's 1895 hanging as decoration
Maine wholesaler acquires rare four-clawed lobster
Joe's Crab Shack apologizes for using lynching photograph as table decor
China Has Unblocked Internet Searches That Refer to Kim Jong Un as a 'Pig'
California passes law to allow medically-assisted suicide on June 9th, 2016
EasyJet rewards hero doctor with free coffee - but makes him pay £1.20 for KitKat to go with it
Radicalisation fear over cucumber drawing by boy, 4
Syrian refugees placed in hotel hosting a furry convention
Pro-gun Florida mom is accidentally shot by her four-year-old son while driving.
Avalanche Center Director dies in an avalanche.
Punk rocker named Pussy is declared insane for decapitating his Russian girlfriend and having sex with her head while wearing one of her dresses
Code for pedophiles ends up on children's toys sold at Monster Jam
After year on market, still no buyer for Hell, Michigan
"Dog Whisperer" under investigation for possible animal cruelty
Spelling mistake by hacker prevents USD 1 billion heist from Bangladesh Bank
Wieners Circle Sells 'Trump Footlong'-3-Inch Dogs-This Weekend
Neanderthal experts really want us to stop using 'Neanderthal' as an insult
Driver crashes while using Taser on girlfriend; meth lab found in trunk, police say
Singapore taxes Tesla Model S for high emissions
'Dog Whisperer' Cesar Millan investigated after animal cruelty complaint
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are angry about Oreos
Four-year-old boy referred for to a de-radicalisation programme after drawing cucumber
Escaped Mississippi inmate killed by family he took hostage
California Governor Signs Physician-Assisted-Suicide Bill Into Law
Pro-white rally, local prom to share popular Georgia venue
Students revolt after corn dog removal
Dyer's Taco Trader to close but vows to rise again
Ben Carson's endorsement: He says there are 'two different' Trumps, one of them more 'cerebral'
Has Your Boss Ever Pooped In Your Lunchbox?
Bill to make polygamy a felony crime fails
Anti-Terrorist Front Writes To Mamata Banerjee Against Hosting Pakistan
GOP Candidates (Except Trump) Promise Not to Kill Families of Terrorism Suspects (Intentionally)
Somebody called the cops on Deadpool in Kiezer.
Caitlyn Jenner Says Donald Trump ''Would Be Very Good for Women's Issues," Calls Hillary Clinton a ''F--king Liar''
Dog whisperer Cesar Millan faces probe over animal cruelty allegations
Texas news team interrupted by lawn-mowing dog
Dine-and-dash suspect left phone, which led to child porn arrest
Nursery worker struck off after performing Nazi salute
Four-year-old who 'mispronounced the word cucumber' threatened with counter-terrorism measures
This church's cancer-curing elixir is really bleach, federal authorities say
McDonald's branch hires bouncers to deal with school children
Syrian refugee children dance with furries after being placed in same hotel as VancouFur convention
State of Utah Makes History, Declares Pornography a Public Health CrisIs
Boston Red Sox Surprise Storm Victim With Replacement Sweatshirt
Water-poor Saudi Arabia moves farming venture to drought-stricken California
Woman taunts police under Facebook wanted post
This photo of a black man's public hanging decorated a Joe's Crab Shack table
Law School Graduate Suing her Law School Because she Can't get a Job
'Dog Whisperer' Cesar Millan under investigation for possible animal cruelty involving pig
SF man tries to stop street harassment, gets stabbed
Clinton Praises Reagans For "Starting A National Conversation" About HIV/AIDS
Clinton: Reagans 'Started A National Conversation' About HIV/AIDS (VIDEO)
Westboro Baptist Church Member Lee Ann Phelps Thinks Donald Trump Is Too 'Fringe'
Man caught undressing in front of girls at Green Lake locker room
my tits are waiting for your dick my nickname is like a member in 1993, I was
my ass wants your dick can learn, I'm here, my nickname julia
I love sucking dick, you can find me, my sweet nickname
Porn star Mary Carey files for divorce due to lack of sex
Trudeau accidentally toasts Obama on behalf of '36 million Americans'
Joe's Crab Shack horrifies diners with photograph of lynching of black man
State of Utah Senate Declares Porn a Public Health Crisis
Syrian refugee children dance with furries after being placed in same hotel as VancouFur conventio
Benefits mother-of-eight says her £500 a week handouts aren't enough to pay rent on the four-bedroom home she demanded from the local council
Religious prophet attacked by lions after trying to perform miracle
Scientist grow a dinosaur leg on a CHICKEN in bizarre 'reverse evolution' experiment
Scientists tweak genes and grow a dinosaur leg on a chicken
Fire-breathing dragon appears in sky over Scotland
Scientists Grow Dinosaur Leg on a Chicken
Diabetes-sniffing dog, Jedi, saves 7-year-old young master, Luke
The Wiener's Circle welcomes Donald Trump with 3-inch Chicago hot dog
'Unboil an egg' machine could revolutionise electronics, drugs
Ryan Gosling Rescues a Puppy in the Middle of a Busy Road
Amazon Echo, home alone with NPR on, got confused and hijacked a thermostat
[Pics] Swedish Women are Doing "Chocolate" Spray Tans to Darken Their Skin
City Trying To Close Bikini Coffee Shop Accused Of Serving Nudity
Ryan Gosling Saved a Puppy's Life, and There Is Adorable Photo Evidence
Utah Senate declares pornography a 'public health crisis'
'My four-year-old gets jacked up to target shoot,' Florida mom brags hours before he shoots her
"Dog Whisperer" under investigation in animal cruelty probe
Cops go bananas, hospitalised after fight over fruit
911 call about escaped lions possibly eating horses leads to school lockout
Early human habitat, recreated for first time, shows life was no picnic
Price of Hell, Mich., drops to $900K
Former Nigerian president spent over $11 million for prayers against Boko Haram
Diner's 'Dictator Obama' special makes national news by mixing politics, eggs
Short men, overweight women at disadvantage in life, study says
Obama, at South by Southwest, Backs Law Enforcement in Fight Over Encryption
Rubio Campaign: Vote For Kasich In Ohio To Stop Trump
Man accused of shooting anti-violence advocate
Pearl Jam providing earplugs at upcoming concerts to prevent hearing loss
Chicago hot dog joint rolls out 3-inch 'Trump Footlong'
Auschwitz survivor becomes the world's oldest man
Marissa Mayer Wants Three More Years to Turn Around Yahoo
Macklemore's Studio Is Decorated With A Painting Of Nude Justin Bieber Wearing Only A Pancake
Chicago hot dog stand offers a 3-inch 'Trump Footlong'
Dildo flinger strikes again
Man was not entitled to cut down neighbour's trees, judge rules
Macklemore Owns This Cool Oil Painting of a Nude Justin Bieber With a Pancake on His Dick
The Wiener's Circle celebrates Trump's Chicago visit with 3-inch hot dogs
The South Sudanese government is allowing soldiers to rape women in lieu of pay
Joe's Crab Shack sorry for controversial picture
How a New York art show about Chinese online censorship found itself censored
Apology over Roseville Joe's Crab Shack's photo of hanging of black man
Joe's Crab Shack apologizes for photo of public hanging of a black man
Admiral is removed after investigation finds he watched hours of porn on work computer
50 Cent's Lawyers Claim Rapper Must Appear Wealthy To Please Fans & Keep Personal Brand
Kellogg's 'Shocked And Outraged' By Video Showing Man Urinating On Factory Conveyor Belt
B.C. government fines itself after liquor store caught selling to minors
Donald dogs: Famous Chicago eatery welcomes Trump with tiny wieners
Naked man causes 'general mayhem'
Family: officers tased son to death, then high-fived
Government Funded Website Teaches Migrants How To Have Sex... In 13 Different Languages
Dead man is propped up in a chair holding a cigarette with his eyes OPEN at his own funeral
Joe's Crab Shack apologizes for photo of black man's 1895 hanging at table
Christian mauled by lion after trying 'to prove Lord would intervene'
Turkish prime minister's wife declares harems were educational and good for Ottoman-era women
Man's 'dead' wife turns up on TV
Ignorant Air India flier boards conveyor belt to catch flight
Are Panties Made From GMO Cotton Causing Farmers To Commit Suicide?
Burned down house in Vancouver for sale for $2 million
Mound of sound confiscated from noisy neighbour
Hackers lose $800 million in bank heist after spelling error
A wanted Auckland woman who ridiculed police on Facebook also took a selfie sitting on a police ca
Outsourcing Oreos becomes a campaign issue
21 Illegally Captured Photos Of North Korea That Kim Jong-un Doesn't Want You To See
Many 'abnormal' sexual tastes are neither rare nor unusual, study finds
Room Addition North Virginia
PROSECUTOR: NO ILLEGAL SEX WITH DOLPHINS TOOK PLACE AT DOLFINARIUM
'Britain's Oldest DJ' Believed Dead After Remains Found In Woods
Spirit Airlines passengers fight over loud music
Emergency Biscuits Have Been Flown In To Britain Because Of National Biscuit Shortage
MICHAEL JACKSON has become a Muslim - and changed his name to MIKAEEL.
These Amazing Squirrels Are Surely Going To Amaze You With Their Insane Tactics!
Christian 'prophet' has his buttocks mauled by a lion during South Africa safari | Daily Mail Online
Lion nearly killed prophet after botched miracle | World News 2016-03-08
Paris is 'too dirty' for the Japanese - Tokyo travel agents launch clean-up operation
Murdered man attends his own funeral.
Murdered man attends his own funereal propped up.
New York becomes first state to legalize Heroin
Dallas police release photos of hoverboard gunman, seek public's help identifying him.
Why is the recorder's race so nasty?
Cargo planes filled with emergency biscuits have landed in Doncaster to save the nation from the great British biscuit shortage
Woman Drags Swan From Lake To Take A Selfie, Leaves It To Die On The Beach
Google's self-driving car hit a bus, but it's also learned to dodge streakers and people chasing ducks
Police officers tased man to death and then high five in front of his parents [X-post from /r/news]
Confused WI members dress as pirates - for talk by man held hostage by Somali pirates
Nigel Farage faces investigation for channelling EU money into anti-EU campaign
Hillary Clinton Suddenly Has a Big Gay Problem
Brothel holds open day for children's charity
Laguna Beach hotel evacuated after several guests sickened by possible cologne spill
Deputies: Gun rights activist shot by 4-year-old son 'stable'
Good at math? Win free pizza for 3.14 years from Pizza Hut on Pi Day
Trump cancels an event in Chicago out of concerns for safety, Rusty Shackleford comments on the issue
Ex-Kremlin aide found dead in DC hotel 'departed US 40 days after his own death'
Hot Felon is Out of Prison, Signed to Modeling Agency
Florida sheriff pledges to arrest CEO Tim Cook if Apple resists crypto cooperation
92-year-old man rescued by police after riding mobility scooter on 70mph dual carriageway
Director of Oregon avalanche center dies in an avalanche
Meet the Warlord of the Viagras, Mexico's Hardest Cartel Yet
Emergency biscuits flown into UK due to national shortage
Browns players confused by what's happening
Superhero: the man who had never slept
English man legally changes name to Bacon Double Cheeseburger
Dead Puerto Rican man is propped up in a chair holding a cigarette with his eyes OPEN at his own funeral
Transgender father Stefonknee Wolscht leaves family in Toronto to start new life as six-year-old girl
Park Officials In Zimbabwe Dispute Story Of Christian 'Prophet' Attacked By Lion (UPDATE)
Devout Christian has buttocks mauled by LIONS after charging at big cats to 'prove God's power over animals'
'You killed Jesus,' Boston Catholic high school basketball fans chant at Jewish opponents
To Maintain Supply of Sex Slaves, ISIS Pushes Birth Control
Man died after police 'tasered him and high-fived' in front of his parents
Listening To NPR Drives The Amazon Echo Insane
Would you like coffee with your toll?
Kenosha cop cleared in death of man armed with plastic bucket
Neil deGrasse Tyson is super wrong about how sex works
Snowstorm in Russian Far East
Man Mourns Mustache After Barbershop Mishap
Weird News: So Here's A Guy With A 10-Pound Penis
Four-year-old Who Mispronounced 'Cucumber' as 'Cooker Bomb' Faced Terror Warnings, Family Say
Schibel Mourns Mustache After Barbershop Mishap
British 'ex-pat' in Spain calls for Brexit, bemoans high levels of immigration in UK
Scooby Doo van driver escapes cops after high-speed chase
Family: ATL officers tased son to death, then high-fived
Coulter: I Don't Care If Donald Trump Performs Abortions
Egypt jails Facebook administrator for three years after unfaithful wives comments
Richard Simmons Has Been Missing for Two Years, Friends Concerned He's Being Held Hostage
Put A Warning On Breast Implants, Says FDA
Air India Passenger In Delhi Caught Travelling On Conveyor Belt To Board The Flight!
Barrie student detained overnight for missing school
Tim Duncan not impressed after grabbing his 15,000th career rebound
Caitlyn Jenner: Trump 'Very Good For Women's Issues,' Hillary A 'F**king Liar'
Republican official outs George W Bush, Karl Rove, and Obama in gay sex scandal of the ages
U.K. man jailed after friend's ashes mistakenly confiscated as drugs
Clinton Forgets Sanders Was 'Literally Standing Right Behind Her' on Health Care Reform in the '90s
Police: Woman Stole Charlotte Ambulance Because She Needed Ride
Trump supporter who gave salute: 'I'm not a Nazi'
Man shoots armadillo, bullet ricochets and hits man in face
Baltimore woman injured by exploding toilet files lawsuit | Fox News
British man has 'no idea' when he will get his friend's ashes back
Daylight Savings Time Ups Risk of Stroke
Clinton Healthcare Hit Backfires as Evidence Shows Sanders 'Literally' Right Behind Her
Academic: internet trolls are 'Machiavellian sadists and psychopaths'
DMV allows Portland man to wear fox hat in ID photo after he claims religious exemption
A federal judge thinks 3-year-olds should defend themselves in court proceedings.
Eunice Woman Hit in Face with Pizza
Nazi-saluting Trump supporter says she's not a Nazi
A judge thinks 3-year-olds can defend themselves, so immigration lawyers tried it on their own kids
3 Kids Served Alcoholic Root Beer at Tenn. Applebee's
Instant Noodles Can Make Your Baby Gay, According to One Indonesian Mayor
Mayor claims instant noodles can 'make babies gay'
Cat takes family hostage.
Barrie, Ont. teen arrested for repeatedly skipping class
The CW says "screw it," renews everything
Caitlyn Jenner Says Donald Trump Is 'Good for Women's Issues,' Hillary Clinton Is a 'F-king Liar'
Former DoD employee lost job decade ago, but kept wearing police-type uniform, prosecutor says
Nova Scotia girl discovers her legal name was Baby for 12 years
The curse of the people who can't stop making puns
Caitlyn Jenner Calls Hillary Clinton a 'F--king Liar,' Praises Donald Trump
Bruce Jenner: Donald Trump 'Would Be Very Good for Women's Issues,' Hillary Clinton a 'F-king Liar'
Man shoots heroin in police bathroom
Indonesian Mayor Suggests That Feeding Babies Instant Noodles Makes Them Gay
Stockton felon goes from prison to modeling gig
Outer Turret Surviving 1 Hour Game Echo Fox vs Dignitas NA LCS 2016
Clinton: I won't move to Canada if Trump wins
The night Chicago died: Protests in the Windy City
Former Grimsby official says Sacha Baron Cohen "Should Get Back To Kazakhstan And Die" in regards to "The Brothers Grimsby"
In the name of free speech, Adblock serves up ads, just for a day
Pornography declared 'public health crisis'; Elder Holland calls it an 'infectious, fatal epidemic'
US police force enlists help of 'porn dog' to catch sexual predators
Joe's Crab Shack Under Fire for Using Photo of Black Man's Hanging as Table Decor
Grimsby: Sacha Baron Cohen 'Should Get Back To Kazakhstan And Die', Former Labour MP Says Over New Movie
Indonesia's Minister of Social Affairs Proposes a LGBT Rehabilitation Using Boiled Water
Lexington Chuck E. Cheese's closes after being overwhelmed by kids Saturday night
Applebee's Accidentally Serves Kids Alcoholic Root Beer
Local man has sex with sans body pillow and gets dick caught inside.
Neighbors: 'Hot Dog Hooker' Offering Sex-For-Hire Services From Front Yard
50 CENT'S LAWYERS TELL JUDGE THAT HE MUST APPEAR RICH BECAUSE MANY RAP FANS ARE POOR AND NEED INSPIRATION
Walmart veteran says Congress needs more former cashiers
'We Aren't Nazis' Says Husband Of Woman Who Gave Nazi Salute At Trump Rally
Woman brags on Facebook her 4 yr old shoots a gun, gets shot by her kid.
Is witchcraft behind Richard Simmons' mysterious disappearance? Former assistant claims the exercise guru's housekeeper is controlling him through black magic
Brothel Visit Ruined After Man Hires Own Wife
Catholic school in Mass. apologizes after 'You killed Jesus!' chant at game
The time a naked man greeted Google's driverless car, and other completely true stories
U.K. man jailed 5 days in St. John's after friend's ashes mistaken for ketamine
Florida sheriff threatens to arrest 'rascal' Apple CEO, if it comes up.
Trudeau-Obama bromance's real prize comes with the world watching: Chris Hall
Anti-Islam party Australian Liberty Alliance says members vilified, labelled bigots
Staff of tuition centre booked for making students stand naked on road
School chief bans use of the term 'Trojan horse'
Forbes forces readers to turn off ad blockers, promptly serves malware
A guy live streams CS:GO instead of going to class, gets busted (x-post
Local environmentalist leader, Berta Caceres, was murdered in her home in Honduras. This happened shortly after she opposed construction of a new dam which would endanger indigenous life.
Liệu trình điều trị của tinh chất đặc trị mụn trứng cá sơn dược tây bắc gồm những gì?
Rooster amnesty declared to reduce Hobart's growing number of rogue fowl
Man's conviction overturned because of snoozing lawyer
Fall in teen pregnancy linked with time on social media
BBC 'unaware' rapper invited onto Annie Mac show was convicted paedophile
Scientists Miscounted -- The Earth Has Seven Times as Many Trees as Previously Thought
There Are 3 Trillion Trees On Earth, 8 Times What We Previously Thought
Scientists discover that the world contains dramatically more trees than previously thought
Stephanie Beacham 'reveals rape trauma' during early 1970s
People are spamming major Australian News channels with Simpsons photos.
Macklemore owns a portrait of Justin Bieber with pancakes on his penis
Danish man had a thing for masturbating at Burger King
UCF student hand-fed nachos at Donald Trump rally tells story
George Osborne said pre-election Budget would only help 'stupid, affluent and lazy people', claims former minister
Smartwatches now outsell Swiss watches...
Game of thrones actor Ian McShane says show is 'only tits and dragons'
Fans cheering for Catholic basketball team shout 'You killed Jesus' to opposing players
Japan advertising for full-time ninjas in tourism push
Barack Obama compares Isis to the Joker from Batman
Ontario teen arrested for constantly skipping school
Maryland frat party could lead to more than $275,000 in fines
Harry Styles offered part in Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk
Condom Collector Hangs Used Rubbers On Bedroom Wall
Dead pregnant woman's niece cuts her belly open to save her twin babies
Pakistani commentator gets visa for Delhi, Mumbai!
Inmates Stab Warden and Post to Facebook During Riot at Alabama's Death Row Prison
Huge ice hummocks in Lake Baikal
Warden, guard injured in Alabama prison riot posted on Facebook
'Prophet' Alec Ndiwane gets buttocks mauled by lions trying to prove God will save him
Trump looking into paying legal fees of supporter seen throwing sucker punch
NYC's $1.3B Supertall Skyscraper was Inspired by Trash Can
Jennifer Teege - My Grandfather Would Have Shot Me: A Black Woman Discovers Her Family's Nazi Past
'Emergency biscuits' flown into UK amid fears of shortage
Woman finished rappel four years after starting
3 Ways The Clinton's Have Contributed To Mass Incarceration
Deputy shoots dog after man loses everything in trailer fire
Media mogul Dmitry Itskov plans to live forever by uploading his personality to a robot
Many scientific "truths" are, in fact, false
World's Sexiest North American Leaders Break Entire Internet, With Sexiness
Trump threatens to disrupt Bernie Sanders rallies
Trump: 'All I know is what's on the Internet'
Satanic Ritual Dungeon Found In Chuck-E-Cheese Basement
ارقام فندق ارورا اسيوط
North Korea claims it could wipe out Manhattan with a hydrogen bomb
Hope for Lonely Rodents: Rent-A-Guinea Pig Service Takes Off in Switzerland
Duke of Parma's illegitimate son to become prince
Video Surfaces Appearing to Show Man Urinating on Products in Manufacturing Facility
Laval University to change campaign poster that looks like Nazi-era symbol
Zlatan Ibrahimovic: I'll stay at PSG if they replace the Eiffel Tower with my statue
University of Manchester lecturer Nicholas Goddard moonlights as porn star 'Old Nick' | Daily Mail Online
Rugby superfan completely loses interest in game after brain tumour is removed
How to make music drumming on the ice
Trump threatens to set supporters on Sanders' rallies
Japan advertising jobs for full-time ninjas
The Existential Pain of Being Young, White, and Affluent - The Atlantic
Reagan airport says 1 person filed 6,500 noise complaints
Free Shipping USA ODYSSEY GT Full Size Scooters Model ODYSSEYGT18CS
Radicalisation fear over cucumber drawing by boy, 4 | A nursery suggested referring a four-year-old boy to a de-radicalisation programme after he mispronounced the word "cucumber"
Florida sheriff says he'll jail 'rascal' Tim Cook
'Cooker bomb': 4yo who mispronounced 'cucumber' threatened with counter-terrorism program
FURRY ORGY BREAKS OUT AT 'ZOOTOPIA' PREMIERE
Prison plays hide-and-seek with ex-polygamist sect leader
Burglar Insists He Broke Into Home To Save Wife Taylor Swift
Kanye West wants to redesign the Clippers mascot
Caught speeder declares bathroom emergency - then goes in police car
Man Charged, Claimed He Was Saving Wife, Taylor Swift
'Trump is a bully,' says man who rushed stage
California gang member with 'crazy tatted face' arrested on gun charges
Giant Rat 'Bigger Than A Dog' Near Playground
Man's 30-year prison sentence thrown out because lawyer slept through trial
Was BYU student fired from campus job for swearing?
Egyptian justice minister fired after saying he would jail the Prophet Muhammad
Secret pedophile symbol found on children's toy sold at Monster Jam
Thousands of Spaniards take to Valencia streets in support of bullfighting
Confused Women's Institute members dress as pirates - for talk by man held hostage by Somali pirates
Man charged with injecting heroin at Florida police station
From now on my name is Tamir & I work for Time Warner Inc
Man with e-cigarette bewitches cafe-goers with aura of mystery and coolness
Mother asked for £10,500 wine budget in child maintenance case
Shoplifting suspect leaves infant behind at Ga. Kroger
GOP Hopefuls Speak At Anti-Gay Conference | Rachel Maddow | MSNBC
US spy boss in NZ on secret visit
Egyptian minister sacked for pledge to jail Prophet Muhammad
US Judge Orders Iran to Pay $10.5 Billion to 9/11 Victims and Insurers
Kanye West's latest Twitter rant includes a request to redesign the Clippers' mascot
Donald Trump 'thanked' by boxer turned promoter Oscar de la Hoya for inspiring Saul Alvarez vs Amir Khan mega-fight
Video appears to show man urinating on products at Kellogg's assembly line
Christian 'prophet' loses buttocks to hungry lions while doing 'God's bidding'
'Hot felon' flooded with modelling contracts, job offers since prison release
The 'hot mugshot guy' is free: 'It's almost as if being in jail for so long made him hotter'
Bird collision destroys nose of EgyptAir passenger jet landing at Heathrow Airport
A MAN stopped for speeding told cops that he was rushing to get to a toilet
Shopping mall hosts bra-undoing contest on International Women's Day
Four-year-old who mispronounced 'cucumber' as 'cooker bomb' in UK faced terror warnings, family say
Diplomat Calls for End to Drunkenness During U.N. Negotiations
Man falls to death trying to take selfie of a lifetime
F-35 radar system has bug that requires hard reboot in flight
Don't do donuts near a war memorial
A new patent shows how airfares may one day depend on your girth
Galway granny in court for posting couple soiled underwear
Amsterdammer finds drunken British tourist in his bed
Ambulance takes woman to Stockport fire station - to have her hand removed from a soup blender
Cambridgeshire flood means health and safety event 'too dangerous'
Mathematicians Discover Prime Conspiracy
Media Mogul Dmitry Itskov Plans To Live Forever As A Robot
Chinese media typo calls President Xi Jinping the 'last leader'
Taser sets 'petrol-throwing' Australian man on fire
Poor spelling costs Bangladesh Bank hackers $20m
Poor spelling thwarts Bangladesh Bank hackers
'Bizarre' pro-Israel robot accused of harassing students at Brown University
Hurricane reveals twitter to be an effective tool for damage assessment and relief
Japan hiring ninjas for the first time in centuries
Dubai wants to host robot Olympics every 2 years from 2017
Ninjas wanted as Japan region promotes 'warlord tourism'
Notorious Hacker GhostShell Doxes Himself So He Could Get a Job
Donald Trump Is the Most Feminine-Sounding Male Candidate
This Dog Seemed Like A Lost Cause, But With Some Help, He Was Given A Second Chance
Donald Trump is a great example of why democracy is dangerous, China's state tabloid explains
Facebook suspends users over 'nude' photo of Australian Aboriginal women in traditional dress
No Buyers For Hell, Michigan, Despite Fire Sale
VIDEO UNEARTHED=> Pastor Calls for Execution of Gays - Then Introduces Ted Cruz at Conference
Man with the fox hat says his religious freedom was violated
Texas School Assembly on Rape and Domestic Violence Goes Awry After Speaker Tells Girls She Wouldn't Feel Bad if They Were Raped
Harris Tweed-attired Morestead marks Cheltenham 2016
Scientists have grown 'dinosaur legs' on a chicken for the first time
A horse is wearing a three-piece suit
Horse Wears Tweed Ahead Of Cheltenham Festival
'He pretty much ripped my d*** off': NRL star Haydn Peacock speaks out
Sometimes Puns Are a Sign of a Damaged Brain
Coroner quits as 180 bodies pile up in morgue
Scientists Who Apparently Don't Watch Movies Grow Dinosaur Legs On Chickens For First Time
Octodad Dadliest Catch - PlayStation4
Justice Department: States Should Not Jail Poor People Over Fine Nonpayment
Romanian Wife rips off husbands testicles on International Women's Day for refusing to do housework
Great tits use the first non-human language shown to have syntax
Doctor Anal's butthole-massaging days are over
Indian Guy Found Out How To Hack Facebook Accounts And Got Rewarded With $15000 Bounty
China paper says rise of 'racist' Trump shows democracy is scary
The world's first three-piece Harris Tweed suit made for a horse
No food is healthy. Not even kale.
Paramount Claims Crowdfunded 'Star Trek' Film Infringes Copyright to Klingon Language
And all I said to my wife was 'That piece of Law was good enough for Mohommad'
90-year-old Seattle man charged in sex assault
The Chinese Government Is Now Using Donald Trump As Proof That Democracy Doesn't Work
Chicago man arrested for using cellphone jammer on train
'To-do' lists take the fun out of free time
Iceland hospital turns garage into emergency department
Cheltenham Festival 2016: Racehorse models world's first equine tweed suit | Racing | Sport
BREAKING: Somaliland officials claim 1 dead & 2 wounded after they were attacked by the Djibouti navy- AP
Swedish health minister: Loud sex is healthy
Aaron Carter: Give Me Trump or Give Me Anarchy
Ted Cruz Pledges to Support Donald Trump Unless He Actually Shoots Someone
High School Removes Swastikas From Production Of 'The Producers'
The strangest Kardashian effect yet? Searches for 'black bandeau' tops increase by 400% as women copy the 'modesty' bars Kim used on that naked selfie
Todd Palin injured in snow machine crash, Sarah Palin cancels Trump event
The Koch Brothers' Dirty War on Solar Power
Gawker Trial: Editor Admits Hulk Hogan's Penis Isn't Newsworthy
Church 'prophet' runs at lions to prove God will save him, has buttocks mauled
Wisconsin bill would create ban on plastic bag bans
Punk rocker declared insane after decapitating girlfriend and having sex with her head while wearing her dress
Palin Cancels Trump Event After Husband in 'Serious' Snow Machine Crash
Video Shows Man Urinating on Kellogg's Cereal Conveyor Belt
Russian immigrant sues over firing, shirtless photo of him riding a bear
Professional cycling's latest scandal: unshaved legs
'Alien eggs' discovered on Utah Lake
St. Louis gunman shoots teen in broad daylight, steals pants
Vancouver-area municipality considers adding more risk to playgrounds
Auschwitz sets up tour dates for World Youth Day pilgrims
Girl dies after biting a chilli
Pastor kicks off Trump rally by calling for Bernie Sanders to convert: 'Bernie's got to meet Jesus'
REMOTE-CONTROLLED FLYING GOTH IS THE STUFF OF NIGHTMARES
Rugby player's penis almost torn off in tackle
Pastor Calls for Execution of Gays - Then Introduces Ted Cruz at Conference
Merseyside man who ran over police officer 'smoked a lot of weed'
Vatican pans new Star Wars movie: prefers movie about Catholic sexual abuse instead.
Neil deGrasse Tyson's tweet about 'painful' animal sex sparks scorn
Max Kruse leaves €75,000 poker winnings in a taxi and is then fined €25,000 by his club - World Soccer
Oklahoma Senate Bill Would Make Performing Abortion First-Degree Murder
Woman put leeches in her vagina to get pregnant - and got better orgasms Read more: http://metro.co.uk/2016/03/11/woman-put-leeches-in-her-vagina-to-get-pregnant-and-got-better-orgasms-5747258/#ixzz42u7dAWMJ
Vatican pans new Star Wars movie: prefers movie about Catholic sexual abuse.
Church reverend pictured with crisps on his nipples during 4-day cocaine and ketamine-fuelled bender
Charles and David Koch were raised by a Nazi nanny.
Live US Hellfire missiles found on a passenger flight in Serbia
Police: Woman flashes officers, crack pipe falls from bra
Vatican Film Critic Gives Star Wars Thumbs Down
A writer was upset with an online review of his book, so he traveled to Scotland, hunted down the reviewer, went to the store she worked at, and hit her in the back of the head with a wine bottle.
Trump Has Tiny Hands PAC ordered to change its name
€1m allocated to encourage the Irish to eat potatoes.
The Koch brothers were raised by a Nazi nanny.
'Bizarre' pro-Israel Robot Accused of Harassing Students at Brown University read more: http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-1.708581
The FBI Arrested a Suspected Anonymous Hacker After He Was Rescued by a Disney Cruise Ship
Turkish First Lady praises Harems as educational centers
'Dystopian' Pro-Israel robot blamed for harassment of US university students
Joel Osteen: Trump Is An Incredible Communicator & A Good Man
Muslim student at Wichita State reports attack by man shouting 'Trump, Trump, Trump'
DARPA Offering Cash Prize For Turning Off-The-Shelf Products Into Deadly Weapons
Rhode Island Senate Passes Bill Making Tree Leaves a form of vandalism. The fine would be $500
Forest Grove police log: Officers unable to find intoxicated Superman
'Scumbag Steve': Trump one of 'the biggest scumbags around'
Man Charged in Kalamazoo-Area Shootings Said Uber App Took Him Over: Report
The KKK leader who says he backs Hillary Clinton
Leave prison? Crown wants 80-year-old to report any love interests
Giant metaphor crashes through the ice in Canada's North
FL Homeowner Shoots, Kills Teen Burglary Suspect. Now His Family Is Mad...
"Scumbag Steve": Trump Is "One Of The Biggest Scumbags Around"
Orthodox Jews Set Sights on N.J. Town and Angry Residents Resist
Dapper Horse Wears Stunning Three-Piece Tweed Suit
There's something freakishly disgusting about this McDonald's Happy Meal
Mormon missionary work now includes writing Amazon reviews
Hillary Clinton: KKK California Grand Dragon Supports Clinton for President
Judge orders former deep-sea treasure hunter to stay in jail
Triple murderer who asked for early release after spending 35 years behind bars gets his sentence INCREASED by 20 years when reviewed by parole board who thought it was too lax.
Sunlight, exploding vodka bottles sets liquor store ablaze
Murderer Asks Parole Board for Early Release But They Add 20 Years To His Sentence Instead
Ex-Gawker editor admits Hulk Hogan's penis had no news value
DOD to start test of F-35 helmet that won't kill lighter pilots on ejection
Ku Klux Klan Grand Dragon Will Quigg Endorses Hillary Clinton for President
The 262ft Luxury Yacht for Serious Petrolheads
Photo shows Cosco selling sliced apples in plastic containers.
Accused mass shooter says he was possessed by Uber app
Newly Discovered Crustacean Named After Elton John
Man Jailed For Fatal Bulletproof Vest Stunt
Video shows Kellogg worker urinating on assembly line, triggering criminal investigation
After punching incident, N.C. sheriff ponders 'inciting a riot' charge against Trump
A motor yacht for serious petrolheads
KKK Grand Dragon Endorses Hillary's 'Hidden Agenda'
Santa Ana police officers charged with stealing snacks during marijuana dispensary raid
TSA stops woman with gun-shaped shoes in carry-on baggage
Trump Rallygoers Completely Trashed a Cemetery When Using it as Parking Lot
Portland Man Wins Religious Exemption Letting Him Wear Fox Hat in DMV Photo
Marco Rubio was apparently an afterthought in law school too
Tennessee Officials Weigh Eliminating All School Clubs in Attempt to Ban Gay-Straight Alliance
Accused Kalamazoo Gunman Told Police He Was Possessed by Uber App at Time of Deadly Spree
30-year prison sentence thrown out after court-appointed attorney slept through the trial
Conviction overturned after court found attorney slept through most of trial
Lebanese Army attempts to send back to the manufacturer two guided missiles and they are discovered aboard an Air Serbia flight. Army vows never again to buy their missiles online.
Man charged in Michigan shootings says he was being controlled by an app
Kalamazoo shootings: Uber driver blames app
Michigan shooting suspect says he was being controlled by Uber app
Man charged in Michigan shootings says Uber app took him over
Portland man forced to change name of 'Trump Has Tiny Hands' PAC
An Indonesian Mayor Thinks Canned Milk and Instant Noodles are "Making Babies Gay"
Michigan shooting suspect says Uber app controlled him: local TV | Reuters
Accused Kalamazoo gunman told police Uber app 'took over his mind and body'
Portland Man Gets to Wear Fox Hat in Driver's License Photo
Girl Called 'Fat Whale' Raises Money to Save the Whales
Pentagon investigation reveals $458 million in botched travel payments
FEC demands that 'Trump Has Tiny Hands' PAC change its name
Let Swarm Intelligence Optimize Your Tournament Bracket
Borowitz Report BOROWITZ REPORT MARCH 14, 2016 Sanders Sends Vegan Thugs to Attack Peace-Loving Nazis
Man charged in Kalamazoo shootings says Uber app made him do it
Prince George RCMP arrest suspect fleeing on ice floe
Sanders Sends Vegan Thugs to Attack Peace-Loving Nazis - The New Yorker
Judge to rule whether mom who helped kill her first 3 kids should get her 3 new kids back
Crack pipe falls out of Lorain woman's bra as she flashes cops, police say
Drug Cartels Are Taking Over the Tortilla Business in Mexico
Ben Carson: Even if Trump's a bad president, it'll only be 4 years
Should Tanning Be Considered Appropriation?
Bernie Sanders Continues to Surge in the Polls, Cannabis Community Can, and Should, Pitch in More
Thief flees on ice floe
Stolen tractor used in Alberta credit union break & enter
Urine trouble: FDA investigates video of Kellogg's worker relieving self on food
Turn cremated remains into a vinyl record
Kalamazoo Shooting Suspect Says Uber App Possessed Him
Cleaning woman mistakenly throws away $13K cookie art
DOJ To Apple: No iPhone Unlock? Fine, Turn Over The iOS Source Code And Private Electronic Signature
Cleaning Lady Throws Away $14,000 Worth of Art She Mistook for Cookie Crumbs
Mark McCloud Has 30,000 Tabs of LSD in His House he collects, frames, and catalogs them
More than 3.14? Edina teen recites 509 digits of Pi
Uber driver says Uber app made him carry out Michigan killing spree
Washington Redskins' new stadium might have a moat
Pills strewn across apartment awnings after Gold Coast 'drug cook' blows door off oven
Employee Admits To "pooping" In Wendy's Chili For Over 2 Year
Doctors are more likely to misdiagnose 'difficult' people
Kalamazoo driver blamed Uber app for shooting rampage
This Is The Face Of A Rugby Player Who Is Getting His Dick Literally Ripped Off His Body
Hillary Clinton Lets Scandal-Plagued Corporation Throw Her a Fund-raiser, for Some Stupid Reason
Cambodian PM Hun Sen accused of using click farms to gain Facebook friends
Rabbit owners try to convince police it is a guinea pig after illegal pet found
A Month After Google's Car Hit a Bus, Google Got a Patent for Robot Cars to Detect Buses
Hulk Hogan Testifies His Wrestling Character's 10-inch Penis is Bigger Than His Own
Woman put leeches in her vagina to get pregnant - and got better orgasms
This just in: Ronda Rousey bit an apple!
Indian Politician Beats Up Horse For Being Anti-National.
more cool more fashion,I personally feel that the color is nice
The Kalamazoo, Michigan shooter who killed six said Uber's app made him do it
Start of it all
Trans man fired for wearing men's clothes
kellogg's worker urinates all over assembly line- "who pissed in your cornflakes" has never been more relevant
Job Shop - Laser Cutting | Sheet Metal Fabrication
Man barricaded in Fayetteville home exits for sandwich, cigarettes.
Norwegian mass murderer accuses government of violating his human rights; complains about poorly decorated cell with no view, coffee [being] served cold, not hav[ing] enough butter for his bread, and not [being] allowed moisturiser.
Woman takes 'angry' Splash Mountain photo after husband refuses to ride
If You Pick Up On The Subtext, The Rocky Movies Are About Punching
Norwegian mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik has given a Nazi salute upon his return to court to accuse the government of violating his human rights
Mum gives birth at home then throws the newborn baby in the trash before going to the hospital
Perth man finds love with 'creepy' Free Candy van
Baby beats Street Fighter V because game is that easy
Man named LOSER arrested while trying to shoplift tools at California Walmart
Brown bear hunting for rodents in the Siberian taiga
Boat skipper jailed for 'disturbing' dolphins
Some people with money think they can kill and get away with it, their parents think so too. Cause they did.
Richard Simmons denies reports that he's being held hostage
Brown bear hunting rodents in Siberia
America's airlines are introducing a class below economy
Man leapt out of mobility scooter to attack love rival with Stanley knife
Mass Murderer Breivik Gives Nazi Salute as He Accuses Norway of 'Inhuman Treatment'
Horse Killed By 'Flying Iceberg' On Fast and Furious 8 Set
Kasich 'Not Exactly Sure' Why He's in Race
Toddlers Kill More People in the USA (with guns) Than Terrorists Do
Rhode Island Senate Passes Bill Making Tree Debris a Form of Vandalism
Identical metal-playing harp twins enchant St. John's
Tinder temporarily deleted everyone's matches and people went into complete meltdown
The head of England's most famous private school says spoiled children need to fail
Horse models three-piece tweed suit at Cheltenham
ATF fires agents that allowed 2,000 guns to be trafficked across border to drug cartels. Just kidding, they got a raise and a promotion!
Deputies Find Crack in Suspect's Buttocks
MASS murderer Anders Behring Breivik sues government for inhumane living conditions which have forced him to drop out of his political science course at the University of Oslo.
22-year-old woman dies after doctors reportedly mistook her cancer for pregnancy
Pranksters Troll TV Station With Fake News Tips From the Simpsons
Woman flashes officers, crack pipe falls from bra
After their child ended up in trash, couple to get $28M
Keanu Reeves' new film takes £88 at the UK box office in opening weekend
Billion dollar bank heist foiled by hacker's typo
Teenage quadruple amputee told to prove he is disabled to keep benefits
Police horse loses leg after beastly attack by State Senator in India
Why an Austin employee got his job back after drug arrest, shooting
Royal Brunei Airlines' first all-female pilot crew lands plane in Saudi Arabia - where women are not allowed to drive
Man accuses ghost of trying to burn his house Says jinn started 21 fires at his house and he heard voices
4-Year-Old Boy Recommended for Counter-Terrorism Program After Saying 'Cooker Bomb' Instead of 'Cucumber'
Citing Evangelical Faith, Ted Cruz Calls To Ban "Satanic" Tritone
Former judges challenge official who said three-year-olds can represent themselves in immigration court
Babies know, when they don't no something
Amazon Files Patent to Let You Complete a Payment With a Selfie
How to hack a sex toy: tech firms warn public on growing cyber-risks
Drug dealer who hid crack and heroin in his backside jailed
Completely different skill set!
'I am the modern day Robin Hood,' says IHOP waiter who was arrested for giving away drinks
NFL acknowledges, for first time, link between football, brain disease
Two of Google's Most Famous Dogs Really Don't Get Along
This Corvette Is The Fastest Street-Legal Electric Car In The World
Former judges challenge official who said 3-year-olds can represent selves in immigration court
Samsung is building a new social network called Waffle
Ben Carson Wanted to Endorse Someone Else But Trump Promised Him a Position
Mexican Farmer Builds Aztec Pyramid, Claims Alien Instructed Him to
Cops seek hipster ninja masturbator in U-District
Sanders Sends Vegan Thugs to Attack Peace-Loving Nazis
Pro-Trump Pastor Mark Burns: Bernie Sanders 'gotta get saved'
Norwegian Killer Says Solitary Confinement, in 3-Room Suite, Violates His Rights
DeBary Mayor Clint Johnson to assemble raft, float from Cuba to U.S.
The 10 skills you need to thrive in the Fourth Industrial Revolution
'Substantial proportion' of U.S. measles cases linked to anti-vaxxers, study suggests
Kellogg: Investigation Starts After Video of Assembly Line Urination
Americans are spectacularly bad at answering even the most basic math questions
'Scumbag Steve' of Meme Fame Calls Trump 'One of the Biggest Scumbags Around'
Horse 'killed by flying iceberg' on the Fast & Furious 8 set
Police: Beware of men challenging teens to rap battles
'World's most haunted house' marks 666th anniversary this year
How to Hack a Sex Toy: Tech Firms Warn Public on Cyber Risks
News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGCRUFTS 2016DUNBLANE MASSACREEASTER EGGSOJ SIMPSONROYAL FAMILYNO SMOKING DAY Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News UK News Paul Flowers Reverend pictured with crisps on his nipples during 4-day cocaine, ketamine-fuelled bender
Veteran Michigan prosecutor allegedly paid for prostitutes hundreds of times, solicited woman seeking help in child custody case
Buckcherry: 'We Need More Great Frontmen'
Michigan prosecutor arrested, charged with prostitution, pandering
Anders Breivik sues over "human rights violations" from cushy Norwegian prison.
Area man crashes plane after learning how to fly on YouTube
KKK Leader Endorses Hillary Clinton In Off Chance She's Undercover Hitler
Steven Spielberg, Harrison Ford reuniting for fifth 'Indiana Jones'
Clinton Asks Where Sanders was During 1990s Health Reform; Video Shows Him Right Behind Her
Charlton police warn residents of men challenging others to rap battles
Vancouver woman crowd funds to save elephant, only to learn that the elephant is fine
Pete Sessions pushes to get magic recognized as national treasure
Jerry Springer: Republicans should pay me for copying my show
Cops warn public of rogue rap-battlers
Amazon files patent to pay by selfie
Ilion father posed as daughter's texting boyfriend to trick her into child porn
KKK grand dragon endorses Hillary Clinton for president
Cops warn residents of men challenging others to rap battles
Jerry Springer says raucous GOP campaign too much for him
Beware of rap battles!
Massachusetts cops warn residents of men challenging others to rap battles
Head of Palestinian intelligence service to be tried for foiling W. Bank attacks
Saudi Arabia's horrible execution spree: 30 Saudi citizens put to death for criticizing the king
Steven Spielberg and Harrison Ford are going to return for 'Indiana Jones 5' in 2019
Police in a central Massachusetts town are warning residents to be on the lookout for men challenging passers-by to rap battles
SF cops search for face-licking robber
On the set of 'Fast & Furious 8' -- Horse Killed By Flying 'Iceberg'
Bear running a highway in Russia
Jerry Springer Calls for Decorum in 2016 Race
Vaccine refusal tied to increased risk of measles and pertussis
Father cat-fished his own daughter, 14, and tricked her into sending him naked photos
Horse dies after fake flying iceberg from 'Fast N Furious 8' collided into him.
Iran insurers to compensate women equally in road accidents
Yelp's founder once thought no one would want to post opinions on the Internet
Police Search for Woman who Stole Nearly $2K Worth of Panties from Victoria Secret in Short Hills Mall
DJ fined for playing '[Expletive] tha Police' at Westfield bar
Charlton Police Warn Of Men Challenging Others To Rap Battles
Fire service rescue Harrogate woman stuck in hedge whilst out walking
Protesting Donald Trump is Now a Federal Crime
RuneScape Developer May Be Acquired By An Ore Mining Company
Horse scared to death by giant flying iceberg prop while filming 'Fast And Furious 8'.
Iowa man says he needed surgical mask to punch stranger because he's 'allergic to black people'
Cops in Mass. town warn residents of men challenging others to rap battles
Official: ISIS Fighters Accidentally Blow Themselves Up in Afghanistan
norton antivirus tech support phone number : photoshopbattles
Blind Horse Found Riddled With Paintballs
China urges FBI to strengthen cybersecurity, counterterrorism cooperation with Beijing
police investigating after men challenge teens to rap battle
Pigeon patrol takes flight to tackle London's air pollution crisis
Man convicted of abusing girlfriend's puppy deported
Charlton Police Warn of Men Trying to Start Rap Battles with Passersby
Chinese government warns of dangers of Korean dramas as Descendants Of The Sun hits 440m views in China
Flying Iceberg From Fast & Furious 8 Set Kills Horse
Google's Eric Schmidt: There's no question AI will put jobs at risk, but it's natural
Former brewery now Auckland's newest uni campus
GOP Senator Open to Supreme Court Nod for Himself, But Not From Obama
Retelling of crucifixion in crime-drama form
At some point, there will be more dead Facebook users than living ones.
How to lose your dog for good
Swedish Prime Minister: loud sex is healthy
Florida man faces off against Ohio man
Facebook is a growing and unstoppable digital graveyard
Judge accused of sexting while sitting on judicial conduct board
'Suicidal Deer' warning sign turning heads on Iowa road
Swedish Court: Not gang rape, they took turns
Brooklyn father accused of torturing son with Legos
Cops warn Charlton residents of men challenging others to rap battles
"White Substance" discovered @ Marco Rubio HQ
Until 1950, U.S. Weathermen Were Forbidden From Talking About Tornados
Cheltenham Festival 2016: Racehorse Dons Three-Piece Tweed Suit
Founders of WhereWhitePeopleMeet Swear Their Dating Site Isn't Racist
Queensland couple fail to convince police giant rabbit was long-eared guinea pig
It's official: Harvard Law School will change its 'racist' seal - The College Fix
WhereWhitePeopleMeet.com Founders Say Their Dating Site Is Not Racist
Twins who share everything including their BOYFRIEND vow to get pregnant at the same time because 'their bodies need to be identical'
Rabbit owners try to convince police it's a guinea pig
'Scumbag Steve' of Meme Fame calls Donald Trump a Scumbag
Identical twins plan to fall pregnant simultaneously so their bodies are the same Read more at http://www.9news.com.au/national/2016/03/16/03/27/identical-twins-plan-to-fall-pregnant-simultaneously-so-their-bodies-are-the-same#tSXMdAgQHzSpGyqb.99
Men Demand Carne Asada Fries in San Diego Taco Shop Robbery
Affordable 'hand-to-mouth' renting adds to hardship. A national housing ownership program is what's needed.
Corporation Accepts Proposal to Change Law School Seal
Identical twins plan to fall pregnant simultaneously so their bodies are the same
Handful of Biologists Went Rogue and Published Directly to Internet
Mariah Carey's Life to Be Captured in E!'s Mariah's World: 'I Refuse to Call It a Reality Show,' Insists Singer
Is Riot Squad an overkill to riders
Person of interest sought in suspicious circumstance
A Horse Was Killed By A Flying Iceberg On The Set Of 'Fast & Furious 8'
Florida man faces off against Ohio man | The Economist
Christie skips N.J. trooper funeral to campaign for Trump
B.C. crime suspect attempts to flee RCMP on an ice floe
Magic Is a 'National Treasure,' Declares Texas Congressman Pete Sessions
Report: Brown: If Trump were to win, CA needs a wall
Man Dies Of Hypothermia After Eating 60 Gallons Of Ice Cream
Mom invoices unappreciative son nearly $40K
Rape kit system unnecessary since most accusations false, Idaho sheriff says
Jerry Brown: If Trump Wins, We'll Build A Wall Around California
These Identical Twins Share Everything, Including a Boyfriend and a Bed
Man Tries to Campaign for a David Duchovny Statue at Temple University Instead of New Stadium
A 36 year old woman was removed from juvenile hall after staff finally determined that she was 36...not 17- Story in comments
Tasmanian premier apologises for saying opposition leader should slit his wrists
Game of Thrones to kill off several major fans
Kawhi Leonard Drives 1997 Chevy Tahoe from HS, Freaks If He Loses Wings Coupons
Whip spiders only look terrifying, UCLA biologist reports
Vince Staples Rips Spotify During Spotify Event at SXSW
Cops warn residents of men challenging strangers to rap battles
Vietnam not ready for human head transplants: surgeon.
Massachusetts police investigating 'attempted rap battle'
Kalamazoo Driver Who Killed Six Says Uber App Made Him Do It
Identical Perth twins Anna and Lucy Decinque vow to fall pregnant at the same time
Jerry Springer: Donald Trump was 'inevitable'
House Resolution 642 - Recognizing magic as a rare and valuable art form and national treasure.
Amy Poehler uses five times as much water as the average American family
City of San Antonio buys $100,000 toilet
Judge Rules That Police Can Bar High I.Q. Scores
Elon Musk denies plotting against Donald Trump
Why the most popular gadget at SXSW was ... a pencil
Jerry Brown: If Trump wins, California might need a wall of its own
Have you seen this guy? Man with foul body odor sought in attempted kidnapping
Thailand's monks are so fat they need to wear special girdles
Police Can't Solve Case Of 'Ninja Masturbator'
Bernie Sanders Wins Missouri
Canada Bay Council votes to call amalgamated municipality 'Rivendell' ... as in JRR Tolkien's elven outpost in Middle Earth
Trump takes no questions during event billed as news conference
House of Representatives Bill Would Recognize Magic as 'National Treasure'
Malcolm McLaren's Son to Burn Punk Memorabilia Worth Millions
Australian insists illegal pet rabbit is a guinea pig
LL Cool J Retires From Music Via Twitter...Only to Unretire & Announce a New Album
Mandeville mayor won't be prosecuted for urinating on Causeway
Congressman Proposes Resolution to Recognize Magic as Rare and Valuable
Massachusetts police warn residents of men challenging others to rap battles
People in small Iowa town are offended by "suicidal deer" sign
Haydn Peacock nearly has penis ripped off in rugby league match, needs 11 stitches to repair
North Korea sentences US college student to 15 years' hard labour
Cop Caught Pepper Spraying Motor Cyclits On Texas Highway
GOP chairman introduces bill recognizing magic as a 'national treasure'
Lesbian hip-hop duo from Havana fights homophobia with music
Montreal's annual anti-police brutality protest surprisingly peaceful
Pro Physique Bodybuilder Eats Chipotle 4 Times Per Week And Still Shredded
Tesco offers shoplifter a job
This is the most expensive home for sale in Detroit
Texas congressman wants magic to be recognized as a US national treasure
North Korea sentences US student, 21, to FIFTEEN years hard labour for trying to steal a propaganda banner
Private limited company registration hyderabad
This KKK Grand Dragon reportedly just endorsed Hillary Clinton because she has a "hidden agenda"
1 in 4 Americans consider fleeing US if Trump wins - poll
Large bear spotted running on a motorway in Russia
New study links male circumcison to autism
President of Malawi furious over Nigerian prophet's prediction of his death.
Mass killer Breivik: I'm like Mandela
Even a vibrator could be hacked
Massachusetts officers warn residents of men challenging others to rap battles
FIFA admits to World Cup hosting bribes, asks U.S. prosecutors for cash
Male Commentators Tell A Winning Clinton To 'Smile'
Storks give up on winter migration in favor of junk food
Uber Driver kills 6 people, claims he was mind-controlled by the Uber app.
FIFA admits to World Cup hosting bribes, asks US for cash
BBC Breakfast seating bias due to 'misogyny', says ex-Countryfile host
Professional Ninjas Wanted, Apply Today
Hackers 'could take over your dildo and make it go berserk', expert warns
'DOG WHISPERER' INVESTIGATED FOR ANIMAL CRUELTY
Baltimore woman sues mayor over exploding toilet
My husband does not know I'm here ! 577qIeg8dB
North Korea sentences US college student Otto Warmbier to 15 years hard labour for stealing poster | Asia | News
Storks Ditch Migration for Year-Round Landfill Life
Charlton Police Warn Of Roving Men Trying To Rap Battle
Offering an express PeDoFile for everyone under 18
Greece's migration minister has reportedly resigned for calling Macedonia 'Macedonia'
Woman Fights to Keep 6-Foot Alligator That Wears Clothes
Feds telling Texas to switch back to old font on highway signs
How designer headphones became as much of a fashion status symbol as bags and watches
Richard Simmons Wants You To Know That No One Is Holding Him Hostage
Salmon Caught Near Seattle Are Full Of Cocaine And Antidepressants
A $1 billion cyber heist against Bangladesh's central bank was thwarted by a spelling error
Tinder deleted everyone's matches and some people had a complete meltdown
N. Augusta Cops Find Baby in Van with Roaches; Chewing Dog Bone
On foreign policy matters, Donald Trump consults "with myself, because I have a very good brain and I've said a lot of things"
Norway mass killer Anders Breivik compares himself to Mandela in court
FIFA acknowledges World Cup hosting bribes, asks US for cash
Florida woman fights to keep pet alligator who wears clothes and rides on the back of her motorcycle
Tom Clancys Ghost Recon Wildlands XBOX360
UK 'tampon tax' to go to charity after revelation that some women have been using old socks
Man Hospitalized After Losing Control of Covered Wagon
Trump Finally Reveals the Foreign Policy Advisor He's Consulting: 'I'm Speaking With Myself'
Cheltenham Festival 2016: Racehorse dons three-piece tweed suit & flat cap
A 'Masterbating Ninja' is terrorizing University Students
Authorities remove woman, 36, from juvenile detention
Uber driver kills 6 people, claims he was being mind controlled by the Uber app
New York City eases public drinking and urination laws before St Patrick's Day
Trump: I consult myself on foreign policy
Sharjah clears entire suburb of single men leaving residents with 'peace and quiet'
Former president Lula nominated minister in order to stall his own corruption investigation and stop current president's impeachment process in Brazil
Seattle Cops Hunt 'Masked Masturbator' Who Wears Ninja Outfit, Rubber Toe Shoes
Shocking tiny sex robot which looks like schoolgirl is on sale for £770 and comes delivered in 'coffin'
Outrage as sex robot made to look like 12-year-old girl hits the market in coffin
Man stuffs salami and fish into pants, items recovered.
UK boy, 4, probed for mispronouncing 'cucumber'
Relatives Of Killed 17-Year-Old Home Invader: How Else Is He 'Gonna Get His Money'?
FIFA admits to World Cup hosting bribes, asks U.S. for return of money
More than half Russians would vote for preserving Soviet Union - poll
Boehner backs Paul Ryan for president, calls Ted Cruz "Lucifer".
Storm warning: It is illegal to post 'irresponsible' pictures of storms online, Dubai authorities say
Maple syrup isn't just delicious, it could also cure Alzheimer's disease
Farmingdale University locked down due to gunman threat, turns out to be kid with light saber
MK Dons launch investigation after Samir Carruthers urinates in pint glass at Cheltenham Festival
DJ fined for playing 'F**k Tha Police' while cops raided a bar
'It's 2016:' Police called on father who didn't look like son
Mom thinks hubby's parenting is lackluster, selfish
Franklin police apprehend rogue chicken
Nazi Waffen SS veterans march in Riga parade
New Jersey biker's parrot stolen during Florida Bike Week
FIFA admits to World Cup hosting bribes - and wants cash back
Alphabet Inc. Hires 4chan's Founder to Fix Google's Social Woes
Man given vasectomy by mistake when 'wrong patient was brought in'
Monochroma PC torrent a telecharger
American tourist arrested for Indiana Jones-style escapade in Jerusalem
Homeowner Shoots Burglary Suspect - Family Asks How's He Going To Get His Money?
Reports of Armed man on college campus reported to be guy with lightsaber
A Miami woman killed a teen burglar as he fled her home, police say. Should she be charged?
McConnell accuses Obama of politicizing Supreme Court pick
Former Subway spokesman Jared Fogel gets a beat-down in prison from a 60-year-old man
Texas congressman wants magic to be recognized as a national treasure
Donald Trump voters are at a 4th grade level.
Dallas Rep. Pete Sessions wants Congress to declare magic a national treasure
Former Subway Spokesman Jared Fogel Gets A Beat Down From A 60 Year Old Man
George Lucas eats noodles in Australia like a regular guy
Michelle Obama Drops Single Featuring Missy Elliott, Zendaya, Kelly Clarkson
Farmingdale State College: Reports of Armed Man Found to Be Guy With Toy Lightsaber
Shot teen burglar's family: "how he gonna get his money to have clothes to go to school? You have to look at it from his point-of-view."
House of Representatives introduce bill to recognize magic as 'valuable art form and national treasure'
NY Assembly Passes Legislation To Ban Tampon Tax
Covered Wagon Crash Injures Prague Man
Slovenian hospital patient dies when mostakenly given laughing gas instead of oxygen
Teen's St. Paul-to-Hopkins front-end loader joy ride ends with crash into building
Caught on Cam: Teacher Shops for Lingerie in Class
Two Trump delegates with 'foreign' names underperform in Illinois
College goes on lockdown after light saber mistaken for gun
Three suns in the sky
Romanian MP jailed for bribing voters with 60 tonnes of fried chicken
Fox News cancels GOP debate after Donald Trump pulls out
Florida woman fighting to keep motorcycle-riding pet alligator
Chipotle using freebies to fight eeriness of empty stores
Oregon City man accused of shooting his home: "I figured I'd just shoot at random"
Watchdog group: Denver police should not punch suspects to retrieve drugs from mouths
'Trump! Trump! Trump!' attacker allegedly yelled as he beat Hispanic man, Muslim student
Hate crime suspect says he is "allergic to black people"
Trump Voters' Aversion To Foreign-Sounding Names Cost Him Delegates
Queer witches place hex on 'Pharma Bro' Martin Shkreli
Pope Francis is starting his own Instagram account
Far-right German Party Compares Itself to Jews During Holocaust
Bernie Sanders: White People Don't Know What It's Like to be Poor
Ohio can try again to kill condemned man who survived botched execution, court rules
Crime How Else Was 'He Gonna Get His Money?': Relatives Outraged After Homeowner Shoots, Kills Burglary Suspect
Packers and movers Pune, Pune Packers and Movers
Man charged with robbing Syracuse bank twice in 5 days
Police: Drunken man drove to DWI victim impact event in Saratoga County
Jamie Gilt, Florida Mom, Accidentally Shot By 4-Year-Old Son
PBS News Story on First-Time Trump Voters Prominently Displays Longtime White Power Tattoos
Cops Warn Residents In Mass. Town Of Men Challenging Others To Rap Battles
Policeman accidentally shoots colleague while discussing accidental shootings
A Massachusetts Police Department Issued A Public Notice About Rap Battles
Florida woman fighting to keep trained pet gator
Carson on Trump comparing him to a child molester: "It did work"
Canadian police catch up with suspect who fled on ice floe
Baseball player retires because his team wont Let His Kid Hang Out In The Clubhouse Every Day
Police are warning teens about rap battles
Beware of men challenging terms to rap battles
Florida woman is fighting to keep her motorcycle-riding alligator
SF ex-homeless man to get $100,000 reward for fingering fugitive
U.S. Court Fines Iran 10.5 Billion Dollars for Backing 9/11 Terrorist Attackers
Dalton files lawsuit against Uber, seeks $10 million
"Bashment" music is unacceptable at London Nightclub
Russian Military 'Killed No Civilians In Syria', Ambassador Alexander Yakovenko Says
President Erdogan wants to change definition of 'terrorist' to include journalists and politicians
Man given vasectomy by mistake after complaining about waiting times
Local KKK leader jumps off 'Trump train', now backs Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump's new online ad features Hillary Clinton barking like a dog
French Student Who 'Took Some Breaks' Earns Doctorate at 90
Ex-stripper judge found dead inside Nevada home
A Website Went Offline And Took Most Of Women's College Basketball Analytics With It
FIFA acknowledges World Cup hosting bribes, asks U.S. for cash
Police warn residents of men challenging others to rap battles
Kalamazoo Driver Who Killed Six People Files $10 Million Lawsuit Against Uber
Oprah Claims White People Are The Cause Of Racism In America
D.C. Crime Bill Would Pay People to Avoid Committing Crimes
Carson defends Trump attacks on Carson
Reports: Jared Fogle beaten in Colo. prison
Prosecutor known for fighting prostitution charged with paying for sex hundreds of times
Americans agree to give Muslims badges to 'track' them for fake Donald Trump campaign
Gay Mormon Teen Forced to Carry Backpack Full of Stones to Make Her Straight
Man kidnaps his 87-year-old grandmother, forces her to drive for hours at knifepoint while he smokes meth
Don't teach "sensitive topics" or anger students, Houston professors are warned after "campus carry" gun law passed
Florida woman fights to keep pet alligator at home
Driverless car chases cyclist for three miles in road rage incident
Alabama cop was just sentenced to less time in jail for Rape than I served for a bag of weed
The Pentagon Wants to Buy That Bomb You're Building in the Garage
Accused mass shooter sues Uber for $10M claiming it ruined his life
Police warn of men challenging strangers to rap battles
Zoo owner accused of tossing condoms to crowd with children
Harvard students debate whether whites should kill themselves due to 'privilege'
House approves resolution to bring Ten Commandments to a state vote
North Korea Sentences U.S. Student to 15 Years in Hard Labor Camp for Stealing Political Poster
Insulting, embarrassing via social media would be crime under bill pushed by R.I. attorney general
Where white people meet billboard.
Charlton, Mass. police on the lookout for 'suspicious' group driving around and challenging people to impromptu rap battles
FIFA admits to taking bribes and wants their money back plus extra for damages to reputation.
FIFA admits bribery, wants U.S. to give bribe money back
Euclid police crack case of man whose house was egged more than 100 times
Trump predicts 'riots' if Republicans deny him the nomination
Donald Trump Warns There Could Be Riots If He Isn't GOP Nominee
Kalamazoo shooting suspect sues Uber for ruining life
Georgia teacher resigns after calling student 'the dumbest girl I've ever met'
Trump warns of riots if he can't be party nominee
Zoo owner accused of passing out condoms to kids
Sanders enjoys huge night, despite not winning any states
Texas congressman wants magic declared a national treasure (X-post /r/inthenews)
Ben Carson: I Didn't Want To Endorse Trump, But He Promised Me A Position
Brown Univeristy Students Complain Their Activism Interfering With Their Ivy League Education
A Jaded Jerry Springer Believes Republicans Owe Him Money For Copying His Show
51-year-old Barry Bonds beat the Marlins in a home run derby
Australian government spends too much on koala cuddling, says Labor
CNET Pigeons wearing tiny backpacks tweet about air pollution
Indy resident fends off Samurai sword wielding suspect with golf club
Trump Supporter Leaving Trump Rally: "Go Back to Auschwitz! Go Back to F'n Auschwitz!"
Is Ted Cruz secretly the frontman of Christian metal band Stryper?
How Disney and Pixar mislead your kids
El Salvador Allows Some Inmates out to Free up Police
In the Land of Fantasy, Inequality is Benign
Kalamazoo Shooting Suspect Sues Uber for $10 Million
Woman Wakes From Coma To Accuse 'Hero' Boyfriend
'Princess' Joan of Sealand independent state dies at 86
Dozens killed in Yemen airstrike; Saudis say it might not be them
People at McDonald's are literally ordering Egg McMuffins as a side dish.
Michigan driver charged with murder files $10 million lawsuit against Uber
Melbourne's Hosting The Country's First Ever Ginger Pride Rally
How else is he going to get his money?
Knoxville lawmaker: ISIS should be allowed to recruit at University of Tennessee
As Clinton takes Florida, local Bernie fans go 'meh'
Sick dog found with stuffed polar bear in stomach
Professor wins $700k for solving 300-year-old math equation
Fla. woman fights to keep pet alligator "Rambo" at home
Residents of Charlton, Massachusetts warned by CPD of men driving around challenging pedestrians to rap battles
Claim: Woman Injured by Exploding Toilet
PBS NewsHour Features Trump Volunteer With White Supremacist Tattoos
Tyler man says he found fossils from Noah's flood
Trump ad features footage of Clinton barking
Female pilot touches down in Saudi Arabia--where she's not allowed to drive
ACTIVIST: WHITE PEOPLE SHOULD KILL THEMSELVES TO ATONE FOR 'WHITE PRIVILEGE' Student debate highlights shocking anti-white racism at Harvard University
Black U. of West Georgia students advocate white genocide at Harvard debate
Portland man wins religious exemption to wear fox hat in license photo
Harvard caught in anti-Trump, "death to whites" cover-up
Pigeons in tiny backpacks are measuring air pollution in London
Chinese Model Wears Ridiculously Long $45,000 Wedding Dress, Requires Child Labor to Move
Cops warn residents of small Massachusetts town of men challenging others to rap battles
Japan photo competition cancelled after picture of man standing on top of beached whale wins
Hitler-inspired store pops up in Egypt capital Cairo
Police get 911 calls after sound cannon is used to scare off geese
As woman flashes officers, a crack pipe falls from bra, police say
Kalamazoo shooting suspect Jason Dalton files $10M suit against Uber
Trump thwarts a strike from God after huge GOP victory
Bernie Sanders Mad after Sex Tape Leaked!
Neighbor Steals PlayStation, Busted After Keeping it Connected to Victim's WIFI
Taiwan's "Touch Me Parties" Drawing Criticism for "Loose Morals"
Democracy is a joke, says China - just look at Donald Trump
'I know I voted for me': Angry socialist who got NO votes at General Election demands recount (x-post TIL)
Trump presidency rated among top 10 global risks: EIU
If Harry Potter Was A Bodybuilder...
Scary avalanche on the road
Ex-Romanian lawmaker jailed for bribing voters with fried chicken
Israeli Lawmaker: Palestine Can't Be A State Because There's No Arabic 'P'
Better: I did not name my car after a pizza.
Man nicknamed 'Rage' found guilty of attempted murder
Woman accidentally hangs herself with life alert necklace
Hello! I hire guys with big dick ! qaGVnza9hr
'Had to hit him': Jared Fogle, imprisoned ex-Subway guy, reportedly beaten by inmate who hates 'child molesters'
Tesla's big Model 3 reveal may feature a drivable version of the car
Lisa Frank Tarot Cards Now Exist
Two Years In Prison For Politician Who Bribed Voters With 60 Tonnes Of Fried Chicken
Father with albinism is stopped by the police and accused of kidnapping his four-year-old son after someone called 911 as they rode the bus
Former Romanian MP gets 2 years in prison for bribing electorate with chicken
Thai gardener behind $20 million Saudi gem heist becomes monk
Father with albinism and son escorted off Toronto bus by police after suspected abduction
Use of garden hoses, power washers, decorative fountains, sprinklers illegal from Saturday
Loyola professor who called slavery 'not so bad' loses lawsuit against New York Times
Domestic violence advocate killed by husband; few red flags
Getaway driver in $400 Girl Scout cookie heist pleads guilty
Watch: Austrian Girl falls into well while making a Selfie
A Roman court has upheld the 2-year sentence of a former lawmaker known as "the chicken baron," who was convicted of bribing voters with packages of chicken
'Game of Thrones' dragon booed at Philadelphia stop
Trump presidency rated among top 10 global risks
America is going to Feel the Bern.
Lawmaker Says ISIS Should Be Able To Recruit On College Campus's
Adam LaRoche Retired Because The White Sox Wouldn't Let His Kid Hang Out In The Clubhouse Every Day
Lawmaker: ISIS should be allowed to recruit at colleges
Nun Charged with Shoplifting Coffee, Soap
Belize Names Island in Honor of Dj Khaled
Michelle Obama: 'I will not run for president'
Va. doctor running vasectomy special ahead of March Madness
How do they make this globe spin for ever?
North Korea sentences U.S. student to hard labor; Washington condemns punishment
Adam LaRoche retires after Chicago White Sox tell him to cut down son's time in clubhouse
WATCH: Dude Runs Over Donald Trump Sign, Was Charged By Police
Machine learning algorithm can identify drunken tweeting
Hallowed leader's name behind U.S. student's jailing in North Korea
Researchers believe disease-fighting beer may be close
Drunken driver 'unfamiliar with alphabet'
cousin of slain home invader: "how he else gon get his money to have clothes"
White Sox Player Adam LaRoche Retires and Leaves $13 Million Contract After Team Asked Him to Bring His Son into Locker Room Less Often
A New Weapon for Battling Cellphones in Theaters: Laser Beams
Kalamazoo shooting suspect sues Uber, says he was possessed by its app
Man suspects sis-in-law's to be witch, chops her head off
Hooting, hollering now permitted in Bracebridge
Florida woman's pet 6 foot gator wears clothes and rides on back of motorcycle
Frenchman uses trolley as battering ram after stealing camambert from Waitrose, court told
Convicted felon sings Adele-inspired 'sorry' to judge at sentencing
Redditor can't break the truth to his grandma about her 'decorative rock'
'Booby Trap Bras': New bra design conceals knife, pepper spray for protection
Hospital plans 60 penis transplants for wounded servicemen
Black lady declares that it is wrong to prevent hoodlums from burglarizing homes - "how he gonna get his money to have clothes to go to school?" - Relevant video at 1:47
Jared Fogel gets a knuckle sandwich in jail
Uber will deliver bagpipers for free to your friends (and enemies)
Great Ideas: Kristin Cavallari's Shares Her Homemade Goat's Milk Baby Formula Recipe
This Lisa Frank Tarot Deck Will Bring Out Your Inner Fifth-Grade Mystic
Uber will deliver St. Patrick's Day bagpipers for free to your friends (and enemies)
Floyd Mayweather Seen At Trump Rally, Fists Out, Wearing Muslim Headscarf
Lisa Frank tarot cards makes the future look bright
Northwest Houston Homeowners Want To Euthanize Annoying Ducks
Ex-Mountie who smuggled narwhal tusks extradited to U.S.
Homeowner shoots burglar. Family asks, "How he going to get his money?"
Liberal Muslims being monitored, Parliament told
'Humanity's gone to Hell' - Nun caught on video stealing from store
Teen who couldn't talk now tells his sister to turn her music down
Google offers help for safer porn surfing
Donald Trump uses language typical of children under 11
Man sings Adele-inspired apology to Michigan courtroom
Donald Trump's grammar 'typical of children aged 11 and under'
Woman flawlessly applies makeup during labour
French pupils are now allowed to smoke in school
David Duke: Donald Trump Comparisons May Rehabilitate Adolf Hitler's Image
Atlanta Man Pours Boiling Water on Sleeping Gay Couple
When Clevelanders say to Siri "sadness", they're given directions to the Browns Stadium.
France's state of emergency takes many unexpected forms - pupils are now allowed to smoke in school
This $3,000 chair turns your butt into a VR controller
Cricket World 'cup' Event in India - Fair and Handsome Man of the Match awarded to Black Player from Jamaica
Brotailers Are Redefining How Guys Buy Clothes
Baltimore Woman Sues Mayor for Violent Toilet Explosion
How to cope with anxiety caused by Donald Trump: experts lend advice
The Hunk Who Loved Lady Liberty: Fabio becomes U.S. citizen
No one trusted me with anything, says German triple agent
researchers now think female animals are less colourful than males to avoid sexual harassment
That's so Browns: Siri equates FirstEnergy stadium to 'sadness'
Ted Cruz Endorsed By Senator Who Joked About Murdering Ted Cruz
Cops: Man Angry His Pizza Was Late Throws Things at Workers
Why I Tell My Child A+ Is The Only Acceptable Grade
台北學生妹外約LINE:tea3321 台灣出差找女人/台北哪裡找正妹/ 西門町飯店找小姐/ 台北援交妹網站/台灣最好茶推薦/台北鐘點情人外叫
Trudeau's kids have fun while dad gives boring adult speech
Indie developer Digital Homicide sues Jim Sterling
'Bromances' may help guys recover from a bad day
Televangelist: Donald Trump Will Save Us From Antichrist
Tyler man claims he found fossils from Noah's flood
Scientists show that drunk birds 'slur' their songs
Venezuela to Shut Down for a Week to Cope With Electricity Crisis
Legendary Muppets song is actually from a 1960s porno
Lightning strikes Trump Tower in Chicago as polls close in Illinois
Baw Baw Shire suspends bike lane tree planting after complaints
Talk-show host starts petition to revoke Kansas' statehood
The Muppets theme song is actually from a porn movie
Lucky, close encounter with a little avalanche
Nikon advertises its heritage by featuring a Fujifilm camera
David Duke suggests Drumpf comparisons could rehabilitate Hitler's image
Ben Carson Is Cool with Trump Calling Him a Child Molester Because It 'Worked'
Burglar's family livid after homeowner shoots and kills burglary suspect
The Numbers Are Shocking: Over a Third of Killings by Police Are of Disabled People
Family Livid After Homeowner Shoots And Kills Teenage Burglary Suspect
Woman sues hair salon over claims 'huge stroke' was caused by head position in sink
Two ladies removed McDonald's after fight over apple pie
David Duke suggests Trump comparisons could rehabilitate Hitler's image
Pudgy Subway Pedophile Jared Fogle's Troubles Are Just Beginning
Two women removed from McDonald's after a fight over Apple pie
Identical twins planning identical pregnancies with boyfriend they share between them
Soggy Bags of Smelly Garbage Unearthed, Helpfully Reminding Time Capsule Enthusiasts Of Their Own Mortality
'President Trump' as big a threat as jihadi terror to global economy - EIU
Police In Hunt For 'Scooby Doo' Van Driver
LobbyWOW! - It's Like A Bribe, But 100% Legal!
Huckleberry Finn pleads guilty in rape case
House Committees to Vote on Shariah Ban, Bibles in Schools Thursday
Charlton, Massachusetts: Parents Contact Police After Men Approach Young Teens for Apparent Rap Battle
Trump proposes remake of 'Liar, Liar' starring Cruz or Clinton
Kazakhstan bars smartphones at government offices to prevent leaks: leaked memo
Florida Woman Fights to Keep Her Pet Alligator Who Wears Clothes and Rides ATVs
Anonymous Hacker Group Claims To Publish Donald Trump's Social Security Number, Other Personal Info
St Patrick's Day 2016: Pornhub searches for 'Leprechaun' increase over 8,000%
Pornhub says 'Leprechaun' Searches Jumped More Than 9,000 Percent St. Patrick's Day
Irate Frenchman hurled Camembert at manager of Chelsea Waitrose
Warren: I'm Leia, not Vader
David Duke: Comparing Trump to Hitler is great for Hitler
The Economist rates Trump presidency among its top 10 global risks Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2016/03/economist-trump-presidency-global-risk-220887#ixzz43CRwYDZe Follow us: @politico on Twitter | Politico on Facebook
Carson: You Have To Admit Trump Calling Me A Child Molester 'Did Work'
Young people prefer an Internet connection to daylight
Thomas Massie: War on Drugs in Afghanistan Has Been a Failure
The Economist rates Trump presidency among its top 10 global risks
30% of Republicans, 19% of Democrats Support Bombing Aladdin
Ohio teen dies after slam dunk accident
Google could be selling Boston Dynamics because even Google thinks these robots are terrifying
Pornhub Expects a Notable Surge in 'Leprechaun Porn' Viewing Today
Searches for leprechaun porn predicted to rise by 8,000% on St. Patrick's Day
Is this 'total war'? Anonymous posts Trump's Social Security number, phone number
Leprechaun porn searches expected to rise 8,000% on St. Patrick's Day
St Patrick's Day sees 9,000 per cent increase in searches for leprechaun pornography
Professor warns robots could keep us in coffins on heroin drips
Two Americans just begged Canada's Trudeau to run for U.S. president
Caron Butler said Kobe Bryant once ate Ribs at a Family Barbeque
Florida Guy: I was speeding because I had to pee
Psychology Is in Crisis Over Whether It's in Crisis
Speeder apparently did have to use the bathroom
Felon sings Adele-inspired apology to Michigan courtroom
ICE: Street-Racing Illegal Alien Arrested for Killing Iowa Woman 'Did Not Meet ICE's Enforcement Priorities'
Fearing Trump's Rise, George Soros Pumping Millions Into Democrats
Syfy made a zombie western with members of *NSYNC, the Backstreet Boys and more
Ailing dog found with stuffed polar bear in stomach
Ottawa police officer criticizes force operations in reply all email
Scientists create chicken with dinosaur feet
American men drop to their knees, literally beg Justin Trudeau to run for U.S. president.
Oregon man explains shooting spree: 'I figured I'd just shoot at random because I had all these guns'
Trump as big a global risk as terrorism: Research
Police in Charlton, Massachusetts Investigate After Teens Approached for Apparent Rap Battle
Texas Congressman Declares Magic A 'National Treasure'
Man falls asleep at the barbershop, wakes up with his mustache shaved off
Woman accused of stealing over $800 in Old Navy flip-flops
Macomb County attorney accused of punching Roseville police officer
Trump presidency ranked among top 10 global risks: EIU
Buddhist monk pleads guilty to embezzling temple to gamble
Pornhub Says 'Leprechaun' Searches Jumped More Than 9,000 Percent St. Patrick's Day 2015
Dog believed drowned at sea turns up five weeks later on island used by US Navy
Nashville Woman Allegedly Bites Home Depot Employee
Isle of Wight Zoo celebrates poo with new museum
Governor Blocks $2.85 Minimum Wage Increase After Giving Staffers $73,405 Raises
PBS airs segment with Trump-supporting family, doesn't notice mother's white supremacist tattoos
East Texas Man Says He Found Fossils From Noah's Flood
China to strengthen crackdown on fake goods, online piracy
Suspended indefinitely for apron incident
Maryland Moves to Finally Scrub 'Northern Scum' From State Song
Romanian MP Jailed After Bribing Voters With Fried Chicken
Donald Trump: I consult myself on foreign policy, 'because I have a very good brain'
Break-in suspect allegedly told homeowner: "Sorry, wrong house"
Prineville drug, alcohol counselor charged with heroin trafficking
Meth-smoking grandson forces grandma, 87, to drive 12 hours
Man who fell from LA skyscraper was up too high
Drunk firefighter has accident with fire truck while responding to fire
God strikes Chicago's Trump Tower with lightning as polls close in Illinois
American Says Joining ISIS Was A 'Bad Decision'
Mars releases Twix, Bounty and Maltesers spreads
Donald Trump defends the size of his penis
Atheist group plans 'Genocide and Incest Park' billboard campaign to troll creationist 'Ark'
Forget Nutella, folks: Now you can put spreadable Twix on your toast
Buy Vigora online | Vigora Online | Cheap Vigora
Yale Surgeon Removed Wrong Body Part from Patient: Lawsuit
A man convicted of unlawful imprisonment and carrying a concealed weapon gave a soulful rendition of Adele's "Hello" in the courtroom. He did this in hopes of getting a lighter sentence.
Puerto Rico's Miss Universe Kristhielee Caride Stripped of Her Crown
Scientists create never-before-seen form of matter
Buy Sildalis online | Cheap Sildalis
Uyghur Imam, Farmers Sentenced For "Illegally Practicing Religion" in China's Xinjiang
Woman denied all knowledge of how drugs were concealed in her vagina.
Comcast failed to install Internet for 10 months then demanded $60,000 in fees
In China, people are spending $1000 on a camera that takes surgery-enhanced selfies
India politician arrested for 'assaulting' horse
Straight Outta Compton targeted different trailers at different races because white people don't know rap
Met Police detective from sex abuse unit charged with child sex offences
An Indian smartphone company claims to offer a new phone every month.
Congo's Sassou Nguesso seeks new term after 32 years in office
Door to Hell, still burns today in the middle of the Karakum Desert
Prius Owner Has a Meltdown Over Farm Family Driving a Truck
Stryper Frontman Denies He's Ted Cruz
Sex predator on the loose after escaping Robina Hospital for third time
Gujarat: Six attempt suicide demanding cow be declared 'Mother of Nation'
Classes suspended after 'possession' of students
Man with knife allegedly hijacks Toronto bus to go to Tim Hortons
Mayweather dared people to fight him at Trump rally while he wore a muslim headscarf
Magical Impact of Kamagra
Weaponized wig offered to Donald Trump by Japanese inventor
Indian Hot Bhabhi Romance House Owner Son
What if Donald Trump had a Muslim daughter?
Missouri Highway Patrol video gives step-by-step instructions for making meth.
Super women for s......x here YCLAeEl
Alleged American ISIS Member: I Made a 'Bad Decision'
Divine message? Lightning hit Trump Tower as he won Ill.
Captain America Super Soldier PS3 torrent herunterladen
Ninjas wanted: Japan recuits secret spies
American IS fighter: I made a bad decision
Nun, 78, steals $23 worth of coffee, snacks & toiletries from Pennsylvania store
What a load of crap.
Americans are ordering this item as a side at McDonald's, and it's the best fast-food hack of 2016
Anonymous OpTrump: Group claims to release Donald Trump's already public personal information
Blake Shelton suing tabloid: I didn't pee on mailbox
Waitress Stiffed: 'Tips are only for normal-looking people'
Euclid man accused of egging neighbor's house more than 100 times
Mass murderer Breivik to sue Norway over prison conditions
A major contributor to the Syrian conflict? Climate change
Hockey fan snaps selfie after getting hit by puck
Police department raids another police department
Angelina Jolie visits Lesbos refugee camp | Toronto Star
Law enforcement defends 'meth making' video as crime-fighting tool
China orders probe after polluting factory fined just $90
Kevin Spacey Will Attend A Florida Panthers Game In A Customized Fetty Wap Jersey
Paris gets sausages and steaks 24/7 from vending machine
Cops Say They Cracked Case of Who Egged Home 100-Plus Times
Romanian MP Bribes Voters With 60 Tons of Chicken
Sarah Palin says husband Todd will need 'bionic parts'
Kind heart 'super racist' man punches Jewish employee at hospital.
Romania: MP Bribed Voters With 60 Tons of Chicken
Tourette's sufferer who shouts out 'I've got a bomb' and 'death to the infidel' during interviews vows to find a job despite his embarrassing tic
Serial masturbator captured on video outside Seattle home
Wanted 'Mystery Machine' driver turns herself in to get her van back
Masturbating ninja near University of Washington in Seattle
Jefferson Parish sheriff raids Grand Isle Police Department, finds money and drugs missing
Report: Tyler man says he's found fossils from biblical flood in front yard
SPD: Cops seek hipster ninja masturbator in U-District
This team has built adorable, tiny backpacks for pigeons to track air pollution
Canadian casino in cyber attack
'Earth Hour' Blackout Cancelled Because Of Migrant Rape
Man hijacked bus, forced it to stop at Tim Hortons, police say
American Defector From Islamic State Admits 'Bad Decision'
Lightning strikes Chicago's Trump Tower during state primary
'Scumbag Steve' of Millis Calls Donald Trump a Scumbag
These Twins Share Everything, Including The Same Boyfriend
Man hijacks Toronto bus at knifepoint, forces driver to take him to Tims
Proposal to turn mobster's house into landmark gets whacked
NPR forbids promoting podcasts or its NPR One app on member stations
Idaho Sheriff Says Majority Of Rape Cases Are 'Consensual Sex'
Warren responds to Darth Vader comparison: I'm more of a Princess Leia
Man arrested after forcing Toronto transit bus to take him to Tim Hortons
Storks No Longer Migratory Due to Terrible Junk-Food Addiction
Madonna Exposes Teenager's Breast at a Concert, Teenager Calls It the "Best Moment of My Life"
Here comes the tiny waist challenge: New social media trend sees women measuring their waists with A4 paper
Bumble Bee Recalls Tuna
Police close off Merseyside road... because of a doll
Man Attempts to Drive Fiat Through Graffiti Artist's Painting of Road Runner Tunnel
Is Closing Gitmo Worth the Price?
Women are comparing waist size to piece of paper
Two dogs get married in India, over 5,000 humans attend
Tourist in Jackson Hole, WY steals pizza delivery car to make last-minute flight
Comcast Tried To Charge A Business $60,000 For Canceling Their Service
Did Texas ag commish receive mysterious medical procedure 'The Jesus Shot' on taxpayer-funded trip?
Accused semen thrower faces more charges
The science of watching paint dry
US Islamic State member surrenders to Peshmerga because 'smoking is not allowed'
Buzzing Sex Toy Sparks Bomb Scare
U.S. lawsuit alleges Starbucks underfills cups
Invasion of the American lobsters: Sweden asks EU for help
2 dogs married in India, 5000 people attend.
Drunk chair tosser cited, chair returned
Mississippi lawmaker to voter: 'I could care less'
Oscar Pistorius targeted by conman offering to repeal murder conviction
Henry Cavill stood in the middle of Times Square in a Superman shirt and no one cared
Man Threatens Exotic Dancers With Sword After They Mace and Rob Him: NYPD
Winona police calls for Monday, March 14: Drunk chair tosser cited, chair returned
Two men repeatedly stealing thousands of dollars worth of bubblegum from grocery store.
Cardinals taking claims players discussed killing gay people 'very seriously'
Man hijacks Toronto bus at knife point, demands driver speed him to Tim Hortons: police
Campus Free-Speech Bill Is Nixed After Author Says It Would Allow ISIS Recruiters
Colonie cops hunt "Bubble Gum Bandit" who stole $3K in gum, items
Museum criticizes Anne Frank 'escape room'
Anne Frank 'Escape Room' Experience Criticised
Courtroom Crooner Channels Adele at Sentencing
Missouri professor fired after viral protest video tells her side of the story
Stryper Frontman Denies He Is Ted Cruz
Pigeon Air Patrol to the rescue! Birds with backpacks track air pollution
NASA Slowly Realizes They've Created a Planet Inhabited Only By Robots
Florida man calls 911 because he's bored and wants to talk about Hitler
The Endangered, Swedish Aftonbladet about people with downs syndrome being at risk of extinction.
Alabama Leprechaun - 10 Year Anniversary
A decade later the question still remains, 'Where the gold at?'
Man hijacks transit bus to go to Tim Hortons
Kazakhstan bans use of smartphones in government offices to stop leaks, says leaked memo
TTC hijacker demands Tim Horton's stop
Trump presidency risk 'as damaging as jihadi terrorism'
Teen Forced to Wear Backpack Full of Rocks to Cure Her Lesbianism
'Super Racist With A Kind Heart' Faces Assault Charges
Why Are Poor Americans Dying So Much Earlier Than Rich Americans?
Woman arrives at work to find unknown man in her office recording her
Trump Says He Will "Threaten Mexico With Nuclear Weapons" To Force Them To Pay For The Wall
Sweden appeals to EU for help in stopping American lobster invasion
Congressman urges House to declare magic 'a national treasure', but doesn't believe in climate change
Congressman urges House to declare magic 'a national treasure'
www.tbtboya.com | konya tadilat
FBI warns on risks of hacking
Kent 'Cat Burglar' Breaks into APL With Poop Scooper
US airmen guarding nuclear weapons accused of drug use
Dram slam! £30 whisky from Lidl triumphs at World Whiskies Awards
These Hilarious Shirts Combine Snapchat Filters With Donald Trumps Face To Support Him In The Best Way
Canadian Cops Busted A University Kegger In The Nicest Way
Air Force Investigating Cocaine Use at Nuclear Missile Base
Sanders doesn't know what to say.
Fire-breather performance at high school pep rally in Delray Beach sends 8 to hospital
Hulk Hogan Gets $115M Verdict Against Gawker at Sex Tape Trial
Police: Texas woman stabbed husband for not getting out of bed
I'm Gay And I've Been Banned From San Francisco!
Canadian Hijacks Transit Bus for Tim Hortons
Gremlins suspected oh frying the Electrical Systems on BART Trains
Why smart people say they're happier with fewer friends
FBI warns on risks of car hacking
Court orders sisters to bury their mother who died in Brisbane 13 years ago
Man who allegedly hijacked bus to stop at Tim Hortons facing multiple charges
South London church fined over loud 3am 'anti-demon' services
The Case Against the Fed (Part 1: Introduction: Money and Politics) by M...
Camberwell church fined for noisy sermons
Clintonites: How we beat Bernie on trade
Squirrel "fingered" in home break-in
Squirrel fingered in Port Hope home break-in
Someone called the cops on this Toronto dad because he doesn't look like his son.
Manners maketh management: Tesco bosses told to be nicer to staff
What Engineers Can Learn From the Design of the Penis
National open university of nigeria course materials
Xbox chief: Company party's hired dancers "not consistent with our values"
Free Xbox Gold upsets Chinese gamers
Poop Spray is Real
The Patriots just gave a promotion to an assistant coach named Belichick
YouTube prankster jailed for staging a bomb threat hoax
A tiny Romanian village is suddenly famous after Snoop Dogg accidentally tagged it on Instagram
www.BDSGalbuquerque.com Bipolar & Depression is a free support group to individuals obtain a better understanding of bipolar disorder through sharing experiences and support. Bipolar disorder mental disorder marked by extreme changes in mood, http://www.bdsgalbuquerque.wix.com/mysite
Man arrested after forcing Toronto bus to Tim Hortons
Court: Inmate who survived '09 execution can be put to death
Sad grandpa cheered up by Internet after grandkids bail on burger night
New Jersey Bill Would Make Texting While Walking Illegal
Homo sapiens' sex with extinct species was no one-night stand
Get ready for 'Bubbles'-a story about Michael Jackson told from his chimp Bubble's perspective.
Putin says he'll hang someone if Crimea bridge isn't built by 2018
Angry customers sue Starbucks for failing to fill their lattes
Convicted felon sings Adele-inspired 'sorry' tune to judge at sentencing
London, Ontario named second best London for 161st straight year
Deadbeat State Of Illinois Evicted From Driver's License Bureau In Western Suburbs
Finally, a solution? Astoria sea lions petrified of air dancers
Good news for everyone concerned about the hyper-inflated CEO salaries these days. The New York Times assures me that we can solve this by appointing more women as CEOs!
New hope for men wanting to enlarge their manhood: Silicone penis implant adds two inches to girth AND length - and lasts for life
India legislator arrested for 'assaulting' police horse
Hulk Hogan awarded $115 million in sex tape lawsuit against Gawker
London, Ontario named 2nd best London for 161st straight year
Beatle Sir Paul McCartney spotted at Ashford Cineworld
UN Names Angry Birds Character Red to Tackle Climate Change
Peeled avocados on sale in supermarket prompt fury from customers
Meldonium sales double in Russia after Maria Sharapova scandal, survey finds
Ontario man arrested for hijacking a bus to take him to Tim Hortons
Woman applies a full face of make-up while in LABOR, turning her hospital room into a beauty parlor so she can give birth to her baby daughter looking 'glam'
2 arrested for stealing $800 worth of Old Navy flip-flops
Sex Act To 'De-stress' Aquarium Dolphins Is Abuse, Activist Says
Ontario man arrested for hijacking TTC bus to Tim Hortons
Northampton troopers find 230 bags of heroin after suspect whispers 'I don't think they found all the stuff in the car'
Start earning today using this system Easy to do visit:
Relatives of killed 17 year old home invader 'How else was he gonna get money?'
Relatives of teen shot while robbing home: 'How He Gonna Get His Money?'
Kazakhstan bans smart phones in government buildings
Man accused of wheeling dying mother into a bank to withdraw money is arrested
Hillary Clinton Pleasantly Surprised After Finding Old $20,000 Donation Check In Coat Pocket
Prize for photo of man standing on beached whale revoked following backlash
Fleeing suspect runs out of gas, flags down police for ride
Disgusting things restaurant staff have done to customers' food after they sent it back to the kitchen
Heartbreaking photo reminds us to call our grandparents
Florida Woman Is Fighting To Keep Her Fully Trained Gator Named Rambo Who Rides Four Wheelers
Wolves and hyenas hunt together, prove Middle East peace is possible
Atheists Propose 'Genocide And Incest Park' To Counter Noah's Ark Attraction
UC System Considers Forbidding 'Anti-Zionism' On Campuses
World Cup football fans to have option of staying in desert camps
देवर ने भाभी को चुसलिया | devar bhabhi ko chus liya | hot housewife craz...
Fifteen tons of Snickers bars melted in bonfire by Hamas
Domino's has built an autonomous pizza delivery robot
Sh400m donkey meat abattoirs will get State approval in May, PS pledges
Trollstation co-founder jailed after London fake bomb stunt
The heartbreaking photo of a sad grandpa abandoned by his grandkids
It's 'harassment' for a sixth-grader to criticize vegetarianism to a vegetarian classmate
Women Need More Sleep Than Men Because Fighting the Patriarchy Is Exhausting
Author Sues Half The Internet For Defamation, Copyright Infringement, Cyberbullying, Use Of Section 230 | Techdirt
The most identical twins share one boyfriend and vow to get pregnant at the same time
Neurologists Explain Why It's Hard to Look at Ted Cruz's Creepy "unsettling" Face
Chinese Woman Pays $1,300 for an Apple iPhone 6s Online, Receives a Pear Phone Instead
American Isis fighter regrets 'bad decision' to travel to Iraq
Iran to build a statue of captured US sailors
Man killed by Toronto cops held real or replica gun, says police source
Eating race goes on after one dies
Daughter of state rep. charged with stapling opponent's head
Watching paint dry leads scientists to an 'exciting' new discovery
Tom Hanks tweets lost property across New York in a strange Twitter habit which has left fans baffled
Gene Simmons "Looking Forward to the Death of Rap," Talib Kweli "Looking Forward to the Death of Gene Simmons"
Pope Francis joins Instagram to 'walk with you along the path of mercy'
Fox News shows "Trump the C#$%" sign live on TV
Widows Can Now Keep Their Loved Ones Close With Vibrator Filled With Ashes
Dolphin Sex Abuse Whistleblower Calls out Aquarium for Jerking Off Sea Mammals
Lakewood police work to solve Viagra caper at health care facility
Foundation: Medical errors third leading cause of death
Congressman moves to block porn on federal computers
The Kansas City Chiefs Just Signed a Jacked Lithuanian Discus Thrower Who's Never Played Football
Tenn. GOP bill would strip $100,000 from school diversity to fund 'In God We Trust' stickers
Pope Francis is now on Instagram
Salah Abdeslam: Suspicious pizza order 'led police to Paris attacker's hideout' at Molenbeek flat
College students deal with social media anxiety on spring break
New Sophisticated Humanoid Robot Declares "I Will Destroy Humans"
Donald Trump on Mitt Romney: 'Are you sure he's a Mormon?'
Chinese tourists criticized after video of them shoveling food with plates at buffet in Thailand goes viral
This Lawmaker Thinks ISIS Should Be Able to Recruit on College Campuses
Amanda Holden admits sex life is 'non-existent' as she cares too much about her pet fish
A National Poo Museum is opening in a British zoo
Colouring-in craze causes pencil shortages
The sounds of hell
Florida man tries to buy $60,000 BMW with food stamps, steals car after being denied
Microsoft Says Hiring Go-go Dancers At Xbox Party Was Wrong
Man tries to buy $60,000 BMW with food stamps, steals car after being denied
The Latest: Trump vows to be more presidential if elected
Oregon town fights sea lion infestation with wacky-waving-inflatable-arm-flailing-tube men
NRA rewrites 'Hansel and Gretel' and this time they're packing heat
After hosting a Woman In Gaming luncheon in the afternoon, Microsoft hires go-go dancers for the after party in the evening at GDC
Man tries to buy BMW with EBT card, steals it instead
Sandy Creek woman charged in domestic washing machine attack
Expert doubts Noah's Ark fossil claims
Is this the best ever name for a ship? RRS Boaty McBoatface is leading the vote as public name new polar vessel
Lawsuit claims Starbucks underfills latte cups
Most People Think Watching Porn Is Morally Wrong
Man throws his own penis at police
Man severs own penis, throws it at officers
Florida dumps hospital standards after pediatric heart surgery scandal.
'Stone Cold' Steve Austin unable to accept Stephen F. Austin game invite
How do blind kids find Easter eggs? With help from the bomb squad
Black Trump Supporter attacks protestor wearing KKK hoodie
Felon Sings Adele-Inspired 'Sorry' To Judge
Teenage Boy Killed for 'Wew' Facebook Comment
Was Where's Waldo Removed From a School Because it Contained an Exposed Female Breast?
Planned Parenthood defund bill cites dentists as reproductive care alternative
Woman accused of slapping police horse during Trump protest
Toronto man hijacks at bus at knifepoint and forces driver to take him to Tim Hortons
Black Trump Supporter Beats White Liberal Protester Dressed as KKK Member
Sparta Prague supporter urinates on homeless woman in Rome
Why This Massage Bar Is Causing Plants To Grow In People's Drains
Man arrested after hijacking Toronto bus for Tim Hortons trip
A topless woman interrupts Bernie Sanders's rally. She was there to protest Donald Trump.
$600,000 Worth Of Heroin Found In Canadian Convenience Store
Texas lawmaker billed taxpayers for trip to Oklahoma to get pain-relieving 'Jesus shot'
Doctors are more likely to misdiagnose patients who are jerks
If You Saw Zebras Running Down The Street In Oakland Friday, You Were Not Hallucinating
Fast Food CEO Threatens To Fire Everyone If A Democrat Wins The Presidency
Terminally ill cancer patient 'told she is not disabled enough for benefits'
Man who pointed shotgun at girl selling Girl Scouts cookies gets jail time
Man wants to backpack through Europe on friends' backs
Neighbours invoke Human Rights Act to have four-year-old's treehouse torn down
adobe after effect best videos editing software download
Report: Cop loses promotion after allegedly crashing into S.I. salon
China on yellow alert as heavy pollution chokes several cities
Woman Caught Driving With Tree Stuck In Car
WHAT IS YAHOO BING CONTEXTUAL ADS NETWORK? HOW TO APPLY
Hikers find skull near Hollywood sign in Los Angeles
China Guy Feeds Puppy To Snake
5 Most Racist Family Guy Eps.
Bonding With Their Downward-Facing Humans
Lawyer defending Salah Abdeslam says he will sue French prosecutor for divulging Abdeslam's private admission he planned to blow himself up
Pa. prostitute taunts undercover cops: 'Save your money for donuts'
Playful polar bear cub in northwest Siberia
Who Would Jesus Vote For? Neil deGrasse Tyson Says Bernie Sanders
Dozens of dead crows litter train tracks, biologists don't yet know why.
This Guy Is Pretty Sure He Found Fossils From Noah's Flood
Scarecrows in China keep birds away, end up attracting humans
Scarecrows in China keeping crows away, attracting people
My boyfriend is addicted to porn but doesn't want sex
Paris attacks fugitive Salah Abdeslam to sue France, lawyer says
Louisville man accused of stealing security cameras caught on video
Florida Man Raids Car Dealership After Trying to Buy BMW with Food Stamps
'Boaty McBoatface' Is Currently Leading An Open Vote To Name The New £200 Million Royal Research Ship
Brazil's restive rich draft a duck to protest president
Could RRS Boaty McBoatface soon be sailing the seven seas?
Cat burglar prefers to take underwear
"Life In Mosul Was Pretty Hard" Says American Islamic State Defector
A graffiti artist painted a "Road Runner Tunnel" on a wall. Somebody tried to drive through it!
Paper-thin netizens in China show off #A4Waist
Australian government spends too much on koala cuddling, opponents say
OKC ThunderComplete Thunder Coverage Convicted Felon, Doctor Injects Oklahomans With 'Jesus Shot'
Google wins patent for 'bus detection,' less than a month after its self-driving car hit a bus
Russian sex ed video says non-virgin women are 'dumpsters' full of past lovers' genes, blames American feminism
Mysterious, Powerful Lobbying Group Won't Even Say Who It's Lobbying For
Akron player mistakes teammate for burglar, shoots him
Katt Williams Sued for Assault and Battery After Alleged Witchcraft-Inspired Bathroom Attack
UA football player shoots teammate after mistaking him for burglar.
Mama polar bear and her cubs jumping into a dump truck
Islam Is Actually A Feminist Religion: 5 Myths About Islam
Dog wearing a scarf with the colors of the government party is cursed and hostilized during a walk in Rio de Janeiro
'There were three of us in this marriage,' said IDS, eyelids fluttering
Monk Embezzled $200K From Temple to Fuel Gambling Habit
Immigrants seek citizenship status for ability to vote, against Trump
Man, 21, stabbed on train still manages to catch Staten Island Ferry
RRS Boaty McBoatface leads in poll to name polar research vessel
New ship could be called 'Boaty McBoatface'
Unemployed Law Grad Sues Former School Because She Can't Get a Job
Ryan Bundy To Represent Himself In Court because, "I need to be heard; my voice needs to be heard ..."
TSA found dead seahorses in liquor bottle in carry-on bag
Ryan Bundy To Represent Himself In Court
Boaty McBoatface could be the name of £200m research vessel after public vote
Nostalgia for the Saddam era is thwarting a truly united Iraq
Two Zebras Spotted Running Loose in East Oakland
Suspicious pizza order 'led police to Paris attack mastermind's hideout' at Brussels flat
Suspicious pizza order 'led police to Paris attack mastermind's hideout' at Brussels flat - Independent.ie
70,000 pounds of bacon spill in Illinois Amtrak crash
Drone flies pair of bolt cutters to jail as part of escape plot
Woman's mistaken pregnancy diagnosis actually terminal cancer
Mother Of Brain Dead Teen Jahi McMath Says Her Daughter Is 'Healthy'
British soldiers should have 'cups of tea' with Islamic State terrorists, says Jeremy Corbyn ally
Xzibit Has Made It Clear That He Doesn't Want To Pimp Your Ride
Children In West Hartford Protest Donald Trump
Man fitted with bionic penis after childhood accident loses virginity at 44 with sex worker
McConnell: No New Supreme Court Justice Until The NRA Approves Of The Nominee
Five arrested in India over lynching of cattle traders
Fla. man tries to buy $60K BMW with food stamps, steals it
Tap water bar to open in Minneapolis
$380 million ship may be named Boaty McBoatface thanks to an online poll
£200m ship possibly to be named Boaty McBoatface thanks to an online poll
UK asks public to name $300M boat; "Boaty McBoatface" leads vote
Have the Chinese Replaced Americans As the Worst Tourists in the World?
Boaty McBoatface most popular choice to name $380 million ship
N.J. mall Easter bunny involved in brawl with customers (VIDEO)
British Research Vessel Could Be Named 'Boaty McBoatface' After Open Naming Poll Backfires
Jeremy Clarkson: Yo, kids, this morning's anti-drug message is brought to you by Isis
Florida Man Tries To Buy $60,000 BMW SUV With Food Stamps
Transit police find Waldo, escort him out of station
Portland Now Has a "British Colonial Cuisine" Restaurant
Novak Djokovic questions equal prize money in tennis
The Australian Mounts Brave Front Page Defence Of Straight White Males
Beerhunter: Franken-Steins, Have wacky beer ingredients gone too far?
What Goes in the 'A' Hole? The Calvin sign in Northampton has been missing a letter for too long
'It was definitely an inside job': The mystery surrounding missing water files at Flint City Hall
Women Need More Sleep Than Men Because They Use More of Their Brain, According to Science
Crazy-eyed robot wants a family and to destroy all humans
New Zealand cat burglar caught stealing men's underwear
Seven cyclists hurt in kangaroo carcass crash
NYPD Arrest Ramsey Orta, Man who Recorded Eric Garner Death, for Recording too Closely
Therapists Confirm Trump's Narcissistic Personality Disorder
Indiana state trooper pulls woman over and asks 'do you accept Jesus Christ as your savior?'
Cat Burglar Just Can't Stop Stealing Male Neighbors' Underwear
Polar bear cubs play with mum in dump truck
Istanbul hacker writes message on public bus monitors
Saudi scientists finally declare: women are mammals, not objects
'Boaty McBoatface' Dominates Poll to Name Polar Research Ship
Police: Beware of men challenging teens to rap-battle
[video] The doodle BERNIE doesn't want you to know about
Calls for teacher to be fired after greeting black student, 15, with 'what's up my n*****' during study of Mark Twain
Boaty McBoatface Dominates Poll to Name Research Ship
Boaty McBoatface instigator 'sorry' for ship name suggestion
School ban on student's 'gang wear' called 'extremely outdated' by expert
Russia looks to buy more dolphins for combat use
Horse has its tail plaited by intruder
Mohammed Abad loses virginity with a bionic penis after losing his member at aged six
A Hacker Held Young Thug's Fiancee's IG Hostage & Demanded He Drop [His Upcoming Mixtape] 'Slime Season 3'
The man with a bionic penis lost his virginity to a dominatrix who ran for parliament
N.J. mall Easter Bunny fight started after child slipped from chair, police say
The World's Most Prolific Twitter User Tweets Mostly About Nothing
Qatar considering tented desert camps for World Cup fans
Dog so depressed after a failed adoption he just stares at the wall
Easter Bunny involved in brawl at Newport Mall in Jersey City
Parent Want Boston Latin Teacher Fired For Using Racial Slur "What's Up, My N*gga?" To Student
A boy wearing a monster mask was shot by a scared guard.
THE DEATH OF ANNE KOKOCHOCHE
Texas Man Says Fossils From Noah's Flood Are Found In His Yard
Boy wearing 'monster mask' shot by guard in Karachi
Colouring books for adults have led to a global shortage of pencils!
Father gets into brawl with the Easter Bunny
When Dignity Costs Too Much Paying adjunct faculty decent wages would be prohibitively expensive, a new study finds.
$300M Antarctic Research Ship Could Be Named "Boaty McBoatface" After Online Vote
VIDEO: Brawl involving Easter Bunny breaks out at New Jersey mall
Colouring pencil stocks threatened, adult mindfulness converts blamed
Woman charged after allegedly slapping police horse at Trump protest in Missouri
We're Quieting the Ocean by Making Shrimp Act Drunk
Oregon man steals snake by stuffing it down his trousers
Parent Wants Boston Latin Teacher Fired For Addressing Black Student With A Racial Slur
Quebec rap group loses $18,000 grant because their mostly French lyrics had too much English
Man arrested for sex on Vegas Ferris wheel fatally shot after leaving Houston club
Chairman of Government Commission on Religious Freedom Unironically Endorses Ted Cruz
Indian Child Welfare Act Separates Foster Daughter From Santa Clarita Family
'Boaty McBoatface' could be name for UK's $300 million polar research ship
The Cost of Being Decent to Adjuncts
Asked for input, British choose 'Boaty McBoatface' for new ship
'It's Time We Sent All Short Men To The Gas Chambers'
This 20-Year-Old Woman Wrote An Open Letter To Facebook Asking For An "On My Period" Button
2 charged with murder in death of man cited in Las Vegas Ferris wheel sex
Man, 27, who was arrested for having sex with a stranger on a Las Vegas Ferris wheel is murdered in a carjacking while driving his stripper fiancée home from work
Experts could overrule 'Boaty McBoatface' name choice for polar ship
A whopping 54 percent of Americans would really like to punch Donald Trump in the face
Could the UK's new polar ship be called 'Boaty McBoatface'?
Donald Trump says protesters are violating his First Amendment rights
Duggar-loving lawmaker accused of threatening to wave his penis at woman he thought was a man
Man fitted with bionic penis loses virginity at 44 with sex worker
These Scientists Grew a Chicken with Dinosaur Legs
Agency asks web to name its ship, realizes it may now be the owner of the $377M 'Boaty McBoatface'
After Funeral and Cremation, a Shock: The Woman in the Coffin Wasn't Mom
Saving private property: Tom Hanks reunites missing socks with their owners
Man who calls Mersey built ship Boaty McBoatface sorry for fuss - but stands by the name
Man removes leg muscle to see what human flesh tastes like
Woman charged after allegedly slapping police horse at Trump protest
Frozen Dead Guy Days: Colorado's weirdest festival | Travel
Texas man arrested for Ferris wheel sex killed in Houston carjacking
Sheriff: Toddler suffers burns after mom puts child in oven
Minn. boy, 11, reportedly takes cement truck for joyride, leads cops on chase
Kansas Hispanic Official Asked to Resign - Because She Supports Trump
Qatar World Cup 2022 fans could be housed in tents
Cops: Teen killed while playing game of "dodging arrows"
Thieves in Sweden appear to blow up building for ATM cash
Poll: Over half want to punch Trump in the face
UND Professor Threatens to Call 911 on Every Campus ROTC Drill (x-post /r/UND)
Man Arrested for Ferris Wheel Sex Murdered in Brutal Carjacking
Mohammed Abad, man with bionic penis, finally loses virginity - 'It was great'
Cousin: Photo of Bound, Gagged Babies Just 'a Joke'
Puppy Killer - Woman brutally kills 8 puppies to teach their mother a lesson
44-year-old virgin with bionic penis finally loses it
11-year-old steals cement truck, leads police on wild chase
Grove Park residents urged to be vigilant after woman sees naked bald man masturbating in Heather Road
Puppy Killer - Bangalore Mirror -
Man claims he was banned from Amazon for returning too many items
Polar bear cubs playing while their mom watch on them
'It's unimaginable': Mother accused of putting her 2-year-old in family oven
Study: Decent Treatment for Adjunct Faculty Just Too Expensive
Meet the 15-Year-Old Helping Donald Trump Take Over the World | VICE | United Kingdom
Toddler Unknowingly Leads Police to Parent's Marijuana Plantation
Trump Refers to Elizabeth Warren as 'the Indian'
Toddler Unknowingly Leads Police to Parents' Marijuana Plantation
Rep. Pabon gives tearful apology after DUI arrest
Catholic Priest Defends pedophilia in church: Some kids are begging to be raped
Pope Francis gains 1 million Instagram followers in under 12 hours
Max Kruse: Germany striker dropped after poker & Nutella issues
KFC Chicken Eating Contest Cancelled After Entrant Chokes To Death (x-post, /r/newsoftheweird)
Investigation underway after puppy found sexually assaulted
Domino's is trialling an autonomous pizza delivery robot
KFC chicken eating contest cancelled after man Chokes to Death
Man 'caught in sex romp on ferris wheel' shot dead by carjackers while waiting for stripper fiancée
Captured Paris Attacker To Sue France For Revealing He Planned To Be A 'Suicide Bomber'
KFC Eating Contest Cancelled After Contestant Chokes To Death On Chicken Wing
Gulf Shores Bans Alcohol During Spring Break
Fight over sandwich leads to 10 arrests
Man arrested in High Roller sexcapade killed in Houston carjacking
A Christian group is 'rebuilding' a full-scale, working Noah's Ark
No. 1 Most Expensive Coffee Comes From Elephant's No. 2
Paris attacks: Salah Abdeslam 'to sue French prosecutor'
Pefferlaw, Canada man with expired pot licence gets $5 fine
Mall Easter bunny involved in brawl had an outstanding warrant for fare hopping.
Man with bionic penis loses virginity
Utah's Online Caucus Gives Security Experts Heart Attacks
Dwight Howard admits to cheating, doesn't like being called a cheater
Easter Bunny and father of child brawl at the mall
Helicopter escape of two inmates in 2013 from a detention centre in St-Jérôme , Quebec
truTV social media gives a middle finger to critic's misleading ratings info
Russian Town Says Bleak Film Depiction Went Heavy on the Vodka
NFL Warns Falcons That They Won't Get To Host A Super Bowl If Georgia Passes Anti-Gay Bill
The NFL finally admits it doesn't know what's a catch
Охранник магазина отнял у дебошира пистолет и поставил его в угол - Первый по срочным новостям
Crazyass Woman Sends 28-Week-Old Aborted Baby's Body to Her Ex-Boyfriend in Box. She wrote that she was left to go through her pregnancy alone and that she hoped the dead baby would serve as a reminder of the boyfriend's irresponsibility.
Pefferlaw man with expired pot licence gets $5 fine
Body in Trunk Report Turns Out to be Dora the Explorer Pillow, Police Say
DOJ seeks to delay Apple encryption hearing, says it may be able to unlock iPhone after all
Body in Trunk Report Turns Out to be Dora the Explorer, Police Say
FBI ran website sharing thousands of child porn images
Most Republicans Feel Embarrassed by Campaign, Poll Says
Girl, six, is taken away from her foster family of five years because she is '1.5 per cent Native American' and the family is white.
Company seeking paid interns to drink beer for four months
Florida woman fights to keep her potty-trained, clothes wearing pet alligator
Diablo Player Finally Pays for the Game, 19 Years After Pirating It
Ben Affleck denies rumors he rewrote script in Batsuit
Hundreds of Anti-Trump Protesters Taunt Jews at AIPAC With Nazi Imagery
'Good husband' attempts to make wife's tea using drone
Congress setting new bar for doing nothing
Chicago's boring winter, told in 6 boring charts.
Young people would rather have the internet than a good night's sleep, hot water and DAYLIGHT, poll reveals.
Armchair archaeologists can explore Richard III's grave in online model
Trump fires back at Clinton: 'I have the steadiest hands'
Boaty McBoatface is a fine name for a $300 million research ship, says the Internet
Man sentenced for threats at church; trial set for alleged nunchuck attack
Ex-health director got headaches from wind turbines
Grand Junction landlord: Trump supporters need not apply, dogs OK
Austin Police To Fire Officer Who Fatally Shot Nude Teen
Trump Says He Won't Pander to AIPAC Before Pandering to AIPAC
Man who was arrested for sex on Vegas Ferris wheel shot dead near strip club
A Florida Man Tried To Buy A BMW With Food Stamps And It Did Not Go Well
Man with muscular dystrophy plans to backpack in Europe as a 'backpack'
Magazine was publicly slammed by Israeli government for portraying Bahaa Allyan, who killed 3 Israelis, as a 'graphic designer' shot by Israel
Jordan Clarkson, Nick Young Accused Of Harassing Female Empowerment Activist
One of Trump's foreign policy advisers is a 2009 college grad who lists Model UN as a credential
Trump proposes massive one-time tax on the rich
Wife of SAPD officer charged in hit-and-run crash that left him in coma
Fact checkers confirm Hillary Clinton is more honest than any of her 2016 opponents
The most baffling moments from Donald Trump's Washington Post ed board interview
Obama letter to America: Humbled to be in Havana, blames U.S. for Cuban poverty
Mobster U: Even the Mafia benefits from more school
Florida man steals BMW after trying to buy it with EBT card
6-Year-Old Girl Taken From Longtime California Foster Family for Being 1/64 Native American
Obama And Castro Share An Awkward Handshake In Cuba After Historic Meeting
Underwear-stealing cat pilfers about 30 pairs of boxer briefs
Cat burglar keeps stealing men's underwear
Yale grad students say mental health care in 'crisis', university adds therapists
Air New Zealand's 'sticky tape' solution on plane engine shocks Nelson woman
Men's body spray sends people fleeing from Seattle church, daycare
We should try having a cuppa with ISIS, says Corybn ally: Labour activist claims British soldiers should drink TEA with ISIS instead of resorting to airstrikes
Bridal wedding updo. Hairstyle for long medium hair.
UK Wants Public to Name Vessel, Gets 'Boaty McBoatface'
Boaty McBoatface leads public vote to name a new £200m research vessel
Climate Change Giving the World 'Better French Wine'
Millionaires: Raise our taxes to address poverty, fix roads
11-Year-Old Boy Allegedly Steals Cement Mixer, Leads Police On High-Speed Chase
Russia Bans Poland's "Communist Monopoly" Game
Dave Chappelle sang Radiohead at Portland strip club karaoke, Reddit says
ITV escapes censure over swear word - because of Scots accent
Petition to outlaw programming languages that threaten the safety of the American people
Being Popular Results In Fewer Head Lice
Outlaw programming languages that threaten the safety of the American people and work counter to our way of life.
Wild boar in the middle of the lake
Social workers SEIZE sobbing girl, 6, from her home of five years in adoption race row: Devastated white foster family forced to give up their daughter by court because she is 1.5% Native American
Tajik president proposes wrestling holiday
Why smart people are better off with fewer friends
Teen Wins Job After Stopping Robber In Interview
tacks Kill At Least 28 Crack Rock in Her Lady Parts Lands Shorewood Woman in Jail: Cops
Trump says he'll make Israel pay for defense aid
2 boxers jump fence, inflict severe bites on Stearns Co. woman, kill her small dog
Crack Rock in Her Lady Parts Lands Shorewood Woman in Jail: Cops
'Boaty McBoatface' leads vote to name ship
Televangelist Compares Bernie Sanders To Hitler
Boaty McBoatface: What You Get When You Let the Internet Decide
Only 2.7 percent of U.S. adults live healthy lifestyle, Oregon State researchers find
UK asks Internet to name vessel, gets 'Boaty McBoatface'
Locked doors stop robbery at Hampton Family Dollar
Stoned love: why Tracey Emin married a rock
Kanye West makes out with self in gigantic mural
People with wider mouths are better leaders, study finds.
Bavarian brewery accused of selling 'Nazi beer'
Bionic penis man loses virginity to sex worker!
Britons vote to name $287m research ship "Boaty McBoatface"
Bionic penis man loses virginity to dominatrix who ran for parliament!
Florida Town Curbs Debauchery, and Pays the Price.
Court rejects serial sex predator's argument that he can't be convicted unless he consents
PBS Runs Story on Trump Supporter, Totally Misses Her Giant White Power Tattoos
Man steals BMW he tried to buy with food stamp card
Chicken meat with pins in left in Huddersfield dog walking site
Man Dressed As Easter Bunny, Parent Charged After Jersey City Mall Fight
Alabama police find two pounds of marijuana disguised as anniversary gift
'That's not Grandma': Funeral home cremates the wrong woman
George Washington arrested in Morris raids on 'prolific drug network'
Watch Texas driver's brutally honest interview after high-speed chase: 'I always got weed on me'
Ferris wheel sex guy murdered at strip club
Elizabethkingia, the rare and deadly bacteria that's sickening people in the Midwest, explained
Israel cyber cadets train in Harry Potter-inspired war zone
German neo-Nazi politician rescued from car crash by... Syrian refugees
Nutella 'addiction' helped get a German soccer player dropped from team
Trump responds to Brussels attack by insulting the 'city' of Belgium - and calling for torture
Police: Man steals BMW he tried to buy with food stamp card
Machete-wielding leprechaun robs 3 Turkey Hill stores
Stephen Fry's 'God is evil' interview shortlisted for religious award
High School Music Teach Fired For Refusing To Teach Anything Except HEAVY METAL
West Virginia teen killed while playing 'dodging arrows' game
Donald Trump threatens to run attack ads against Chicago Cubs
Donald Trump threatens to run attack ads against Cubs
Minnesota Boy, 11, Leads Police Chase in Stolen Cement Truck
Donald Trump Swears 'My Hands Are Normal Hands'
Study Finds that Only 2.7% of US American's are Healthy
Wild boar spotted taking a swim in the middle of a lake
Former Toronto mayor Rob Ford dies at 46
Donald Trump: 'My hands are normal hands'
San Diego police utilized a helicopter and K9 dogs to capture a man who allegedly stole a bag of Cheetos from a gas station (xpost from /r/sandiego)
K9s, police chopper track down Cheetos thief
Realistic Robot Lady Cheerfully Agrees To Destroy Humans
Emory Students Express Discontent With Administrative Response to Trump Chalkings
Police: Pennsylvania burglary suspect made himself at home, wearing their clothes, eating their food, and rearranging their furniture.
Set ablaze, now stolen: Barrel Bob, MoDOT's safety mascot, is 'barrelnapped'
Alabama teachers may soon receive training on not having sex with students
Florida Man Steals $60,000 BMW He Tried to Buy With Food Stamps
Police: Pennsylvania burglary suspect made himself at home
Sarah Palin is getting her courtroom reality-TV show
Brussels tourism office put in call boxes foreigners are able to use to call Brussels in order to assure the world Brussels is safe
Cops: Woman smoked pot outside police station in parking spot for squad cars
Donald Trump slams Missouri for withholding election results that were already released
New study proves it: Blondes aren't dumb
Home News Greater Manchester News Manchester club night offering 'free midget' with VIP booking condemned as 'discriminatory'
Police: 'Leprechaun-looking' man with green wig, machete robs 3 stores in Lancaster, Manheim Twp.
Manchester club night offering 'free midget' with VIP booking condemned as 'discriminatory'
Seattle police and firefighters are responding to downtown Seattle for reports of a man who is refusing to climb down from a large tree.
Cyclist Using Tea Lights Pulled Over When Candles Blow Out
Sarah Palin Signs Deal to Preside Judge Judy-Style Over Her Own Reality TV Courtroom
White Nationalists Launch Trump Hotline
Judge Judy Tops List for Trump Supreme Court: 'No-Nonsense,' 'Efficient,' 'Beautiful.'
Outraged Mom Says Mall Easter Bunny "Became Evil Out Of Nowhere"
Christian Anti-Masturbation Mascot Arrested For Public Masturbation At Japanese Embassy
Trump Says He Will Delegate Supreme Court Appointments To The Heritage Foundation
This Internship Will Pay You $12k to Drink Lots Of Beer
NYPD: Teacher Killed by Cop in Crosswalk "Assumed Risk" by Crossing Street
Hand found on bike trail turns out to be something else.
Sarah Palin to be a new 'Judge Judy' in courtroom-based reality show
Texas congressman wants magic declared a 'national treasure'
Sarah Palin To Preside As A Judge Over Reality TV Courtroom -The former governor of Alaska does not have a law degree.
Global financial markets are getting used to terrorism
Excited Town Unearths Time Capsule Full Of Garbage
Man Accused Of Throwing 13-Foot-Long Python At Sushi Bar Customers In Studio City
West Virginia teen reportedly killed in a game of 'dodging arrows'
New York assembly politician compares MMA to 'gay porn with a different ending'
Man climbs Macy's Christmas tree downtown, hurls apple at medics[
Man tries to buy BMW with food stamp card
Sarah Palin to become a TV judge
Police: Flying saucer stolen in Roswell (really)
LGBT Student Activist Group Says Gay Men Not Oppressed Enough to Deserve Representation
Sarah Palin Is Becoming the Next Judge Judy
Brussels attacks: Ryanair charging British tourists in city £214 to get home
Man found with hands zip tied around a tree, behind his back, with several bags over his head ruled a suicide
Montana company signs Palin for reality courtroom show
Parolee returned to jail for leaving scene of a crime after saving his brother's life from gunmen
Nixon Invented the Drug War to Decimate Hippies and Black People, Former Adviser Confesses
Namco Promotes Dark Souls 3 With Hot Wing Eating Contest
Angry man spends $200 at sushi restaurant, leaves 13-foot python instead of tip
Sarah Palin Daytime Court TV Show in Development
Sarah Palin to Star in Courtroom TV Show
Belgian Government Ad From Jan 2-16: You can really trust these people
Angry Diner Throws a 13-Foot Python Snake Inside LA Sushi Restaurant
You betcha: Sarah Palin signs on to star in daytime courtroom show - as the 'judge'
Reports: Sarah Palin signs deal to star as reality TV judge
Gay New York Assemblyman compares MMA to 'gay porn' during hearing
Sarah Palin in line for Judge Judy type show
These best friends quit their jobs to visit 59 national parks in 59 weeks
This Middle School Teacher Is So Dedicated He Got A Life-Size Tattoo Of One Of His Students
Wanted man evades police for two months by living in corn field
Turkey advises against travel to Belgium
Guard shoots 11-year-old to death, 'mistaking' him for a ghost
Syrians rescue German far-right candidate from car crash wreckage
Israeli minister blames Brussels attack on EU labelling of settlement goods
Sarah Palin to host reality show as TV judge
Vet invents tiny braces for a goldfish named Mr. Hot Wing
Beetle's chemical signal tells mate, 'Honey, I'm not in the mood'
The Life of Tilikum: Fear and Loathing, Deprivation and Death in the Aquatic Asylum
Pennsylvania veterinarian creates braces for pet goldfish
Google is hiring good drivers for its self-driving cars
Man who expressed the urge to kill shoppers in Union Square with AK47 ordered to behave
Boris Johnson: 'Being mistaken for Trump is the worst'
Property Bubble Ghost Haunts Central Bankers Trying to Boost Prices
The Fitness Store Challenging Lululemon With $400 Yoga Pants
GOP presidential candidates respond to Brussels attacks with anti-Muslim rhetoric
Trump Yarmulkes Are Biggest Seller at AIPAC Conference
TRUMP YARMULKES HOTTEST ITEM AT CONFERENCE
Digital artist Ann Hirsch on why her 'singing vagina' empowers women - and terrifies men
Todd Starnes: Student punished for criticizing vegetarian
Jewish version of Trump's hat best seller at American-Israeli conference - vendor couldn't keep up
Atheist groups decry 'hate speech' from Millard school board member who wants winter break called Christmas break
Woman accused of assault by burrito supreme; husband puts a fork in it
Candy Companies Pledge To Stop Directing Their Marketing Campaigns At Kids
Millard school board member wants winter break called Christmas break, says atheists who disagree can 'crawl back into their hellhole'
Police close Seattle streets after man climbs tree, throws apples
Traffic disrupted as man climbs 80-foot tree in Seattle
Ontario Teachers Unions try to Ban WiFi due to Cancer Concerns
11-Year-Old Minnesota Boy Leads Police Chase in Stolen Cement Truck
NUS tells LGBT societies to abolish gay men's reps because 'they don't face oppression'
'Kid can't even be a kid': 12yo girl charged for pinching classmate's butt
Five Records: Highlights from the last two weeks, details in comments
Palin to star in Judge Judy-style reality show
Emory University Erupts In Protests After Someone Writes "Drumpf 2016" In Sidewalk Chalk
Saudi scientists rule that women are mammals not objects
Gawker releases statement following $140M verdict: Entire case was an alleged cover up by Hulk Hogan to prevent a racist video from surfacing where he rants about his daughter dating "fucking niggers".
Agitated man climbs tree in Seattle, stays there even during rescue attempts (LIVE)
Seattle police working 'to get a man out of a tall tree'
Malcolm Turnbull shares 'continuity and change' slogan with US political comedy Veep
American Mormon is injured in his THIRD brush with terrorism in Brussels after surviving the Boston bombing and the Paris attacks
Brussels explosions: Mormon missionary injured after surviving Boston and Paris attacks
City of Guelph fines itself over failure to obtain building permit
Sarah Palin Will Be the Next Judge Judy
Man Arrested for Throwing Giant Snake into L.A. Sushi Restaurant
France awarded top honor to Saudi prince 'at his request'
Political Candidate Data Chart: Most talk about online
NYPD Blames Man Reportedly Run Over by Cop on Cellphone for Own Death
Funny Letter to Domino's Lawyers
Angry customer leaves 13-foot python in sushi restaurant after management and customers objected when he started showing off a smaller snake after having eaten a US$200 meal and paid his bill.
Turnbull's 'Continuity And Change' Slogan Is Ripped Straight From TV Show 'Veep'
The United States ranks 5th in liking the United States
Malcolm Turnbull's 'continuity and change' slogan straight out of Veep
Salem police charge 2 with drunk driving... in the same car.
Spokane Police: It's okay to be rude to predators
$250K Per Year Salary Could Qualify For Subsidized Housing Under New Palo Alto Plan
Police: Teacher Struck By Cop in Crosswalk 'Assumed Risk' Crossing Street
A new bill plans to swap University of Tennesse diversity money for 'In God We Trust' stickers
Koreans ignore scattered cash in downtown square
Bill: Swap UT diversity money for 'In God We Trust' stickers
Maine Law Enforcement Breaks Up Eagle Rumble
Ticket-Less Woman Traveller Says Won't Pay Fine, Catch Vijay Mallya First
Sarah Palin sets sights on reality courtroom TV show
Relax, Beached 'Sea Monster' Just a Whale's Head :)
Funeral home gives mourning family wrong body, realizes error days later, relatives say
Agitated man climbs atop 80-foot tree in downtown Seattle
Australian PM uses 'meaningless' slogan from U.S. political satire Veep
Donald Trump makes wild threat to 'spill the beans' on Ted Cruz's wife
The City of Guelph fines itself for breaking the rules
Kristin Cavallari Shares Goat's Milk Baby Recipe in New Book
This Christian mom made a rap song attacking trans kids - and thought the Internet would want to see it
Couple pleads guilty to starving maid until she weighed just 29kg
AIPAC and URJ risk sliding into irrelevance
Pro-gun Activist Accidentally Shot by Son
Chinese women compete to be as thin as an A4 piece of paper
New York Assemblymen Oppose Legalization of MMA by Comparing It to Slavery and Gay Porn
Manhattan Assemblyman Daniel O'Donnell, Rosie O'Donnell's brother, compares MMA to 'gay porn with a different ending'
Tracey Emin announces she has married a rock
Runaway Japanese zebra dies in golf course lake
XKCD comics will soon be featured in high school science and engineering textbooks
This woman hid poop in her purse during a date
Univeristy students play "real-life" Quidditch because "This is the very first sport to really support gender inclusivity"
Emory Students Complain School is 'Unsafe' Because Administrators Tolerate Trump Support
What do you think should be done ??
Dutch prisons are closing because the country is so safe
Man in tree shuts down downtown Seattle traffic
drug crimes more relaxed as home cultivation of cannabis "explodes" in Finland
Polar bear cubs play in the wild while their mother keeps an eye on them
Emory students protest administration after pro-Trump chalkings found on campus
Australia PM's slogan mirrors satirical comedy Veep
Charity shop begs women not to return used copies of Fifty Shades of Grey
Go East! Scots university to host Pet Shop Boys conference
Library book overdue nearly 50 years returned to Ohio school
Boy dies after he was struck in head playing 'dodging arrows' game
Aussie player Brent Griffiths sent off for tackle on BBQ sauce bottle
Brent Griffiths sent off in Australian testimonial for last ditch tackle on a bottle of BBQ sauce
Los Angeles couple drive through streets in motorized papasan chair
UMass Amherst assault occurred after defendants tried to pass off shredded vegetables as marijuana, prosecutor says
Artist Tracey Emin has married a rock
UK National Union of Students has passed a motion calling for the abolition of representatives for gay men By LGBT- because they "don't face oppression"
U.S. Attorney Is Turkey Twitter Sensation Over Graft Probe
Frozen sewage from passing plane suspected cause of hole in Nepean home
Cops: Man steals BMW tried to buy with food stamp card
Angry customer leaves 13-foot python in sushi restaurant
Dave Chappelle Reportedly Sang Radiohead's 'Creep' At A Portland Strip Club
Exploit your force with KidderCorp's Challenge Coins for US Navy.
Anonymous Threatens To Expose Ted Cruz For Leading Double Life With Prostitutes
Pro-gun activist Jamie Gilt faces charges after being accidentally shot by toddler
You've been singing MMMBop wrong all this time
Have high Quality metal made custom challenge coins at KidderCorp
Trump Foreign Policy Adviser Hopes to Talk Him Out of Torture
Man climbs a tree, shuts down Seattle streets for a day
John Kasich Came in Fourth in a Three Man Race
There's a man in an 80-foot tree and no one knows why
Justin Bieber Cancels All Future Meet-and-Greets Because They Make Him Depressed
Mormon Missionary Injured In Brussels Also Survived Boston Marathon Bombing
Standoff with man in downtown Seattle tree enters 2nd day
Malcolm Turnbull's New Slogan Is Straight From 'Veep' And The Creators Are Losing Their Shit
Myanmar finance minister nominee Kyaw Win has fake degree
Wisconsin teen unexpectedly gives birth to baby in toilet
Deputies: Man steals BMW tried to buy with food stamp card
Alabama legislature considers bill to train teachers to not have sex with students
Furries outraged at Chinese furry counterfeiting.
A migrant worker posted a tearful video about his life in Saudi Arabia. Then things got worse.
#ManInTree: Man climbs, refuses to come down from 80-foot sequoia in Seattle
Company tears down wrong tornado-damaged home
Police: Taco Bell burrito, fork used as weapons in fight
Police have identified man.
Prime Suspect in Koala's Murder: Los Angeles's Mountain Lion
Word "Trump" Written in Chalk Terrifies, Harms Emory Students
Florida girl, 12, arrested after pinching boy's butt
N.J. actor rejects plea offer in case over fake gun on movie set
Michigan Schools to let Students Chiloose Gender, Name, and Bathroom.
Ted Cruz: My Wife Is 'Way Out of' Trump's League
Emory students 'in pain' from pro-Trump chalking on campus, protest school administration
Archery company drops foam-arrow patent case against LARPer
Katt Williams Knocked Out After Fighting Little Kid
Belgians should stop eating chocolate and focus on fighting terror, says Israeli minister
Will the BBC's free micro:bit computer create a generation of teenage HACKERS?
'Unpredictability' on Nukes Among Trump Keys to Muslim Respect
Most Americans would like to punch Donald Trump
Beer Truck Collides With Chip Truck In Florida
Man Won't Descend Tall Seattle Tree, Despite Police Coaxing
David Letterman is Fully Aware of How "Creepy" His Retirement Beard Looks
Not a happy hour as beer, chips spill onto Florida highway
Clown beaten after making a child cry
Obama: If I Didn't Attend Baseball Game In Cuba, The Terrorists Win
Emory Students Terrified By Trump 2016 Campus Chalkings
LETTER: Military maneuvers startle already-stressed UND campus
What does human flesh taste like? Man cuts piece out of own leg to find out
11-Year-Old Arrested After Taking Cement Truck On Joyride!
Israeli minister: Belgians can't eat chocolate and fight terrorism
Freeway trashed with beer and chips after Budweiser driver crashes tractor-trailer into Frito-Lay truck
Hunker in their bunker: Maine couple selling preppers' paradise
Bill would require training for teachers on not having sex with students
SMRT train kills 2 staff on the tracks to check on signal alarm
Katt Williams sucker punches 7th grader, gets choked out.
Feminist picnic falls apart after no one makes sandwiches.
Conductor changes train name to "Trainy McTrainface"
Man spends night in 80-foot tree in downtown Seattle, builds makeshift nest | The Seattle Times
Brussels attack: Belgium must 'tighten security instead of eating chocolate and enjoying life,' says Israeli minister
Katt Williams Loses A Fight To Teen
Beer and chips all over I-95 after Florida crash
Demolition Company Mistakenly Destroys Wrong House in Rowlett, Texas
Pub hours to be extended for Queen's 90th birthday
Stockings and Ann Summers' outfits? They're no good for Calais 'jungle' refugees!
If Darth Vader can destroy cities, so can Superman, Zack Snyder says
Veterinarian crafts 'fish braces' for goldfish with missing jaw bone
Conor McGregor, Gay Porn Star? Rosie O'Donnell's Brother Thinks So.
Babbling baby interrupts Bill Morneau's budget speech
Brussels attacks: Teenager also survived Boston and Paris bombingss
A truck carrying beer and a truck carry potato chips collided...in Florida
Feminist picnic falls apart after no-one makes any sandwiches
2 Trucks Crash, Littering I95 with Frito Lay Chips And Beer
Biden tours Seattle cancer center, stops for pizza.
Iowa congressman says D.C. needs a recession because it has 'cranes everywhere'.
Pornhub gets immersive with new virtual reality category
A truck carrying beer and a truck carrying chips collided...in Florida
Brussels Airport Attack Is 2nd Major Bombing for Utah Teen
Michigan Schools to let Students Choose Gender, Name, and Bathroom
Vinyl Sales Made More Money Than Free Streams Last Year
Zebra runs amok in Japanese golf course, dies in lake
Seattle Man Perched in Tree Is Hero to Many and Headache for Police
Police search for missing saucer in Roswell, New Mexico
Trump Doubles Down, Blames Cruz for Ad He Didn't Make
Man 'throws 13ft long python at diners in sushi restaurant after getting angry at staff'
Teen unexpectedly gives birth to baby in toilet
Axe Body Spray fumes cause emergency evacuation of church and daycare
Florida 12-year-old arrested for pinching classmates' butt
Getting hammered at Chipotle is possible, but it can be tricky
MMA superhero not allowed to help rescue Seattle's 'Man in Tree'
College president: Students scared by 'Trump 2016' chalk signs
'Bad Breath Bandit' strikes again at Northern California bank, police say
Ozarks meth warning: Your drugs may be contaminated, so bring them in for testing
Emory president: Students scared by 'Trump 2016' chalk signs
Chinese students are hiring 'gunmen' to take the tests that will get them into American colleges
Man sues Saudi prince, saying he partied way too hard in his Hollywood Hills home
NUS tells LGBT societies to abolish gay men's reps because 'they don't face oppression' · PinkNews
China rules out 'foreign' building names
A charity shop has received so many copies of "50 Shades of Grey", that they built a fort with the books.
After Calling for Libya's Unity Government to Enter Tripoli, UN Envoy Can't Get There Himself
Man climbs downtown Seattle tree, creates hourslong standoff
Runaway zebra drowns in golf course lake after being tranquilized (VIDEO)
Munchie Mash: Beer, chips trucks crash on I-95
Bill allows $2500 reward for catching transgendered person in wrong bathroom
Muslim Prophet, Muhammad, Throws Bash for Brussels Bombers; Muhammad's Roommate, Jesus, Fed Up
Video shows 'Viking Guy' taking down drunk train passenger with chokehold
Calipari announces entire team will declare for the NBA draft
An airline company called Boom, just received a massize amount of Virgin's... dollars
Israeli minister: Belgians should stop eating chocolate, start focusing on Muslims
81-year-old Kentucky man glues toys to car for attention - and to woo women
Man steals BMW after trying to buy it with food stamps
Teen arrested after video circulates on Facebook of him slapping a crying baby
Mysterious giant crater in Siberia
Walton County man loses leg after shooting explosive-filled lawn mower
Michele Bachmann Says God Sent Brussels Attacks to Humiliate Obama
Kansas Bill Would Pay Students A $2,500 Bounty To Hunt For Trans People In Bathrooms
Man charged after hijacking bus, forcing driver to Tim Hortons at knifepoint: police
Lesbian kicked out of the army and jailed for raping a female soldier to "make her gay"
Emory college students protest against Trump. 2016 written on sidewalk with chalk.
Tucson gunman sues former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords
Obama: Defeat ISIS 'By Saying You Are Not Strong, You Are Weak'
Entire Kentucky roster to declare for NBA Draft, John Calipari announces
Obama on ISIS: 'You Defeat Them By Saying "You Are Not Strong, You Are Weak"'
John Calipari Announces That Every Kentucky Player Will Submit Name For NBA Draft
Instead of Tip, Angry Customer Leaves 13-Foot Python Snake at Sushi Place
Kasich lost to Rubio's ghost in Arizona
Jared Loughner sues Gabrielle Giffords for $25 million
Former Henrico teacher charged with letting students smoke weed in class
Palo Alto considers subsidized housing for families making under $250,000
Busch beer, Frito Lay chips cover highway after trucks collide
"Suicidal Deer" sign to remain standing
Seattle man refuses to descend 80-foot tree, forces road closures | syracuse.com
Lincoln County man shoots adult son in back for being disrespectful, wearing pants too low, police say
The Buffalo Bills wish their fans would get less drunk at games
TMZ Sued for Naming Wrong Rapper Who Cut Off His Penis
Manchester Club attacked for offering 'free midget to dance on demand' for VIPs
Teen goes to bathroom with stomach ache; gives birth to baby
Porn Hub Launches VR porn Channel with 360 degree adult view
Man arrested after burning items in church, then returning looking for his pants
Man who shot Gabby Giffords sues her for distress
Sarah Palin. Judge Judy
If You Catch And Use Rainwater In Colorado, You Are A Criminal
Bavarian brewery takes 'Nazi beer' off shelves after outcry
Seattle man refuses to descend 80-foot tree, forces road closures
New Evidence That City Birds Might Be More Intelligent Than Rural Ones, Yet Do Not Represent "Real America"
Emory University to use video footage to track down and possibly punish Trump supporters
White Nationalists Launch Drumpf Hotline
Fox Host: Is It "A Good Strategy" To Bomb A Neighborhood In Brussels?
Convicted killer Jared Loughner files $25M lawsuit against Gabrielle Giffords
mory University: We Will Use Security Cameras to Track Down and Possibly Punish Students Who Chalked Their Support for Trump
College students are afraid of words!
Smart people are happier spending less time with friends
John Calipari says every Kentucky player will declare for draft
Emory president: Students scared and in pain by Trump 2016 chalk signs
Woman arrested for DUI during "Coffee With A Cop"
Belgium must 'tighten security instead of eating chocolate'
The co-founder of a gay Republican group admits: I was wrong to ask Trump to run for president
12-year-old girl arrested for pinching boy's backside
Jared Loughner, crazed killer in Arizona mass shooting, sues his victim Gabby Giffords for $25 million for emotional distress
Beer, potato chips spill on Florida highway after trucks collide
Demo company tears down the wrong house
Pro-Choice Activist Reads A Poem Called "If My Vagina Was A Gun"
Loughner suing Giffords, federal government for $25 million
Stranger hiding under truck touches woman's foot in parking lot, police say
Racine Teenager Unexpectedly Gives Birth in Toilet at Home
Why I Bought Four Syrian Children Off a Beirut Street
Emory University president says students are scared and 'in pain' after someone wrote 'Trump 2016' in chalk on campus
Man arrested for not returning VHS rental 14 years later
Tesla Founder Elon Musk Able To Get Two Divorces From Rechargeable Wife
Man arrested for not returning 'Freddy Got Fingered' VHS from 2002
Emory Students Terrified By "Trump 2016" Campus Chalking
Wu-Tang Associated Rapper Sues TMZ For Falsely Reporting That He Cut Off His Own Penis
Northampton police: leave the bears alone
Two trucks spill beer and chips all over highway in The Most Florida Accident Ever
Japanese author born without arms and legs admits to having 5 mistresses
Aaron Rodgers says he saw a UFO and he's 'never opposed' to pre-game masturbation
Former teacher charged with letting students smoke weed in class
Cabinet Reviews Tunisia's Five Year Plan for Camel Sector
Speeding enforcement crackdown in NC to target anyone going above posted limit
Iowa man accused of hate crime assault says he is 'allergic to black people'
Entire Kentucky team submitting names for NBA Draft consideration
Syrian Refugees rescue anti-refugee German politician after he gets into car crash
Jared Lee Loughner, the man who carried out a mass shooting in Tucson in 2011, is suing for $25 million for emotional and psychological distress
The Rockefeller family, founder of General Oil, now ExxonMobil is divesting from fossil fuels on the basis that the industry misled the public about the threats of climate change.
Woman posed as man to have sex with teenage girls
Adele appealed to Rihanna fans by twerking on stage at London's O2 Arena
Transgender chick says straight dudes don't want to date her because she has a dick
Providence's 'Dancing Cop' Plans to Sue Everybody, Claims He's Not a Racist
Reader Dilemma: 'I love my girlfriend but she always wants to analyse our relationship - what should I do?
Bike Balls: Will a bobbing, luminescent, scrotum-like device improve the lot of wobbly cyclists?
Snoopers' Charter: Only amendment politicians have submitted to controversial bill is to stop MPs being spied on
Tintins racist history: symbol of Brussels solidarity is uncomfortably divisive
Boy in Tzedakah Box Costume Swallows Coins, is Hospitalized
Sarah Palin wants to be the next Judge Judy - even though she doesn't have a law degree
John Calipari announces entire Kentucky team will enter NBA draft
Tintin's racist history: Symbol of Brussels solidarity is uncomfortably divisive
Chip Kelly's autopsy on what went wrong in Philly acquits Chip Kelly
'People' deletes anti-vaxxer celebrity's baby formula recipe - which can be deadly
Walton County man's leg severed while blowing up lawn mower
L.A. man arrested for throwing 13-foot snake at people
Health Minister: Lack of breastfeeding can lead kids to watch porn
Emory Students So 'Terrified' After Seeing Trump 2016 Chalking They Are Offered 'Emergency Counseling'
Crowd Funding Site Set Up For Nazi Fast & Furious Spin-Off 'Fast Nein'
Indonesian Health Minister: Lack of breastfeeding can lead kids to watch porn
City Blames Pedestrian After Cop Fatally Runs Him Over In Crosswalk
Fugitive responds to his own wanted photo on sheriff's office Facebook page
Video Shows NYPD Van Fatally Hit Williamsburg Teacher
Man returns to Sushi restaurant with 13 foot snake.
Drugs, assaults and now a scuffle with a 7th-grader -- Katt Williams faces more legal heat
Man Claims Girlfriend Continues To Breastfeed Their 7-Month-Old For Attention
Axl Rose to front AC/DC: report
Lemon smuggler sniffed out by NZ border security dog
Woman caught trying to smuggle in lemons
Israeli intel minister: Brussels was attacked because of chocolate
Police Say This 'Leprechaun' with a Machete Went on a Robbing Spree
The creator of 'XKCD' is working on high school textbooks
Sweden's Multicultural Expert on Islamophobia Joins ISIS in Syria
Lemon trouser smuggler sent packing from New Zealand
Professor Vows to Call 911 On ROTC Drills
German footballer kicked off National Team for Nutella addiction
Microsoft's 'teen girl' AI turns into a Hitler-loving sex robot within 24 hours
Ohio State's 'personal touch' for potential students: Calling them by the wrong name
SCOTUS Victory for Hunter With Hovercraft
Trump Spokeswoman Gloats About Not Being Able to Spell
Those bad moves in Philly weren't Chip Kelly's fault, says Chip Kelly
Someone wrote 'Trump 2016' on Emory's campus in chalk. Some students said they no longer feel safe.
Oxfam charity shop given so many copies of Fifty Shades of Grey it turned them into a fort
A Bengaluru Woman Kills 8 Puppies To Teach Their Mother A Cruel Lesson
Bengaluru woman kills 8 puppies to teach their mother a lesson
Twitter taught Microsoft's AI chatbot to be a racist asshole in less than a day
Ga. parents offended by the 'Far East religion' of yoga, get 'Namaste' banned from school
Grand Theft Auto deer causes chaos in game world
Jared from subway now serving subs in prison
'Haunted' van scrapped by owner after being 'plagued by Poltergeists for 12 months'
Giuliani: Hillary Clinton 'could be considered a founding member of ISIS'
Player quits club after finding out his wife was banging the Club's captain.
QB Aaron Rodgers claims he saw a UFO in 2005 while in New Jersey
Aaron Rodgers Claims He Saw a UFO
Pro-Gun Mother Shot By Her Own Four-Year-Old 'Could Face Charges'
Jeremy Corbyn presents award at British Kebab Awards, implores nation to eat salad with it
Wu-Tang Affiliated Rapper Sues TMZ For Falsely Reporting That He Cut Off His Own Penis
Microsoft chatbot is taught to swear on Twitter
NC man arrested for not returning 2001 VHS rental of 'Freddie Got Fingered'
Wrong house gets torn down based on a Google maps error
North Carolina cracks down on drivers going one-mile-per hour over speed limit
Football-shaped and sized mushroom in the grass
Hooting and hollering now legal in Bracebridge, Ont.
High School Censors Swastikas, Missing Entire Point of Satirical Anti-Nazi Play, The Producers
Microsoft is deleting its AI chatbot's incredibly racist tweets
North Carolina cracks down on drivers going one-mile-per hour over posted speed limit
Unhappy hour! Freeway trashed with beer and chips after Budweiser driver crashes tractor-trailer into Frito-Lay truc
Oh Grandmother, what a big gun you have: The NRA rewrites classic fairy tales
Tucson Shooter Sues Former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, Claims Mind Control
AI powered Twitter account that learns from human interaction quickly turns into neo-Nazi white supremacist
A Florida woman was arrested after live-streaming herself 'drunk driving'
EA Apologizes To Muslim UFC Fighter For Giving Him Christian Victory Celebration
Someone's trying to get Fast & Furious Hitler spin-off 'Fast Nein' crowdfunded
Rejected names for new Halifax ferry include Yeah Buoy! and Donair
Microsoft chatbot taught to swear on Twitter
A Japanese AI program just wrote a short novel, and it almost won a literary prize
Woman's fro-yo craving leads to DUI at Coffee with a Cop
Jeff Bezos suggested removing all the vowels from Washington Post stories
Syrian refugees uprooted from hotels to make room for Garth Brooks fans
Lawsuit seeks damages for Jared Loughner from Gabrielle Giffords, alleging mind control
Just a crucified rabbit made out of toast outside Tooting Broadway station
Londoner who tweeted about asking a Muslim woman to explain Brussels is arrested
Microsoft terminates its Tay AI chatbot after she turns into a Nazi
'Gold' suspect arrested for Berkeley hit and run
Woman hits husband with burrito, husband stabs her with fork
Air Dancers scare off Astoria sea lions, for now.
5 Reasons Why You Should Be Worried About The Rapidly Declining American Military
Watch: Katt Williams was just playing soccer with kids before one choked him out
Truck crashes through Nationwide insurance office
Ohio man who stole from Wal-Mart chooses to wear 'I am a thief' sign over going to jail
Affidavit: Mom acted erratically after placing toddler in oven
Florida police: Couple arrested after Taco Bell burrito-hitting, fork-stabbing fight
Worker Blames Google Maps After Tearing Down Wrong House
Man Arrested for Not Returning 'Freddy Got Fingered' VHS Rental 14 Years Ago
Yukon tries to limit the waste of thousands of bottles of beer; Send us fresher beer, territory tells major brewers
Skulduggery at King's College Cambridge, as expensive 'library skull' goes missing
Man disembowels friend after drinks
Emory University students terrified to see 'Trump' in sidewalk chalk
North Korea Proves Your White Male Privilege Is Not Universal
These two 'nuns' are making a living selling pot products on Etsy
Charity bookstore asks public to stop donating 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
Police search for missing flying saucer in Roswell, New Mexico
Man Arrested For Not Returning VHS Rental 14 Years Ago
Woman diagnosed as pregnant with twins but after caesarean told she has huge cyst
This woman was forced to hide a poo in her HANDBAG after her date's toilet wouldn't flush... and it got worse from there
President Obama talks automatic toilets in Argentina
BMO to Let Corporate Customers Pay by Selfie
College Students Were Left 'Traumatized' by These Pro-Trump Chalk Markings
184-year-old tortoise named Jonathan gets his first bath ever
Prairie Dogs Are Serial Killers That Murder Their Competition
Hundreds of Tweeters Claim to be "Unique" in Their Twitter Bios
Microsoft invented an AI Twitter feed and it's a racist Trump supporter
Jared Fogle scores cafeteria job serving sandwiches in prison
Aaron Rodgers Has an Incredibly Detailed Story About the Time He Saw a UFO
Watch: Man arrested over 14-year-old Tom Green rental
Students at Emory Protest 'Trump' Chalk Markings
World's oldest living animal, 184-year-old tortoise named Jonathan, has first ever bath
Microsoft Chat Bot Goes On Racist, Genocidal Twitter Rampage.
Garth Brooks Hamilton: Syrian Refugees Booted From Hotels To Make Room For Fans
Some Emory University students "in pain" after "Trump 2016" chalked on campus
Fla. woman arrested for having sex with pet dogs
Michele Bachmann: Terror Attack On Brussels Is God's Way Of Punishing Obama For Cuba Visit
Rotten egg gas holds key to healthcare therapies
What could possibly go wrong?
Tay the 'teenage' AI goes off the rails: Twitter bot starts posting offensive and racist comments just a day after launching
Trolls transformed Microsoft's AI chatbot into a bloodthirsty racist in under a day
Emory University Students Scared, 'In Pain' over 'Trump 2016' Written on Sidewalk
Snakes on a plate: LA man arrested for tossing 13ft python into restaurant
Report: Browns Put Final Nail in RGIII's Coffin
Patient accuses Yale doctors of cover-up, removing wrong body part
Man arrested for failing to return "Freddy Got Fingered" VHS rental from 2002
Panhandle Couple Arrested in Burrito Assault, Fork Stabbing
Paul McCartney cast for next Pirates of the Caribean film.
Concord Man Arrested for Not Returning VHS 14 Years Ago
11-Year-Old in Stolen Cement Mixer Leads Police on High-Speed Chase
Microsoft deletes 'teen girl' AI after it became a Hitler-loving sex robot within 24 hours
App lets you 'borrow' a dog
Woman used rubber penis to pretend to be a man to lure girls into sex
Blind man says he was tackled, arrested after white cane mistaken for weapon
nother Young Floridian Gets Arrested For Engaging In Ruff Sex With Her Dogs
Another Young Floridian Gets Arrested For Engaging In Ruff Sex With Her Dogs
Tay Tweets: Microsoft AI chatbot designed to learn from Twitter ends up endorsing Trump and praising Hitler
Drone flight over a giant hole in northern Siberia
Couple Arrested in Burrito Assault, Fork Stabbing
Certified Ethical Hacker website caught spreading crypto ransomware
Ernie Chambers: 'If I was a white guy, I'd go get my semiautomatic weapon'
Antarctica Was Just Declared 'The World's First LGBT-Friendly Continent'
Brussels attacks: Isis supporters launch poll asking where they should target next - and UK comes out on top
Demolition Company Tears Down Wrong House, Employee Blames Google Maps
Kanye West backup vocalist Paul McCartney joins cast of new Pirates of the Caribbean
Michele Bachmann: Brussels Attacks Used by God to Humiliate Obama
Demolition team tears down wrong house, blames Google Maps
Microsoft silences its new A.I. bot Tay, after Twitter users teach it racism
Microsoft's Twitter Robot Praises Hitler, Endorses Trump, Denies Holocaust
Man pulled out a gun to use as a hammer during project at Missouri school, police say
Google Maps mistake leads to the wrong house being torn down by demolishers
Microsoft scrambles to limit PR damage over abusive AI bot Tay
Emory University Offers 'Emergency Counseling' After 'Triggering' Donald Trump Chalking
After racist tweets, Microsoft muzzles teen chat bot Tay
Pro-Bible district changes mind about religion in school after being forced to hand out Satanic fliers
Giant mushroom found in Russia
Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam has changed his mind and will not fight extradition from Belgium to France, his lawyer says.
Microsoft Has To Turn Off AI Chatbox "Tay" After Its Interactions Teach It To Be Racist
Footage of the 'Door to Hell' still burning strong in Turkmenistan
Man painted gold busted in I-80 hit-and-run in Richmond
Avalanche on the road
Man painted gold arrested in California freeway hit-and-run
Demolition company says a Google Maps error led them to tear down the wrong house
Nick Saban ranked among Pope, CEOs in Fortune magazine's top 50 world leaders
Microsoft Creates AI Bot - Internet Immediately Turns it Racist
Man returns library book after 49 years and escapes the fines
Microsoft's teenage AI went full Nazi within 24 hours
Three 'Suns' appear in the sky in atmospheric phenomenon
Google Maps error results in wrong house being torn down
Microsoft Created a Twitter Bot to Learn From Users. It Quickly Became a Racist Jerk.
Microsoft's Twitter AI robot, Tay, tweets support for Hitler, genocide of Mexicans all over the Internet
Alabama city cracking down on diaperless horses
Bruce Wayne charged with running "massive" prostitution ring
Racist Robot: Microsoft's AI robot taken offline after tweets praising Hitler, Holocaust.
Woman arrested for DUI after driving to 'Coffee with a Cop'
Yoenis Cespedes refuses to pick up ball, allows inside the park home run
Fame, money may have led to killing of Houston man who had sex on Vegas Ferris wheel
Wisconsin Goodwill Receives Grenades in Donation Box
Love is in the armpit at New York's Smell Dating
Man says he was arrested for not returning VHS rental
Man Arrested for Not Returning 14-Year-Old VHS Tape
I thought this was /r/NOTtheonion?
Georgia man loses leg after shooting explosive-filled lawn mower
Doctor Says Semen On Patient's Face Was An Accident
12-year-old Florida girl charged after allegedly pinching boy's butt in school
North Carolina To Limit Bathroom Use By Birth Gender.
Jared From Subway Is Now Serving Sandwiches In Prison
Donald Trump calls Ted Cruz's wife ugly
Microsoft's Teenage, Nazi-Loving AI Is The Perfect Social Commentary For Our Times
'Oh, what a big gun you have': NRA re-writes fairytales to include firearms
Microsoft pulls plug after chat robot slings slurs, rips Obama and denies Holocaust
Cabaret performer known as 'mini Kim Kardashian' found dead by boyfriend, 'mini Kanye West'
Body of Nazi war criminal Josef Mengele donated to research
A smartphone gun is the last thing anyone needs.
Cops say they cracked case of who egged Ohio home 100-plus times
Garth Brooks fans pushing Syrian refugees out of Hamilton
Man Arrested After "Islamaphobic" Tweet
Man protests law requiring him to pay child support for another man's child
Lawn bowlers given hefty bans after all-in brawl breaks out
'Bored' mobile phone course driver asks for fine and penalty points
North Carolia To Limit Bathroom Use By Birth Gender
North Carolina man arrested for not returning VHS tape rented in 2002
Zara Is the Latest Perpetrator of T-Shirt Outrage Thanks to a Gluten-Themed Crop Top
Crew demolishes the wrong home after Texas tornado: 'I hoped it was a bad joke'
Turkeys terrorize Walla Walla County
Emory University Students Feel 'Afraid' After Trump's Name Was Written in Chalk Around Campus
Man arrested for failing to return Freddie Got Fingered VHS tape rented in 2002
Pope Washes Feet of Muslim Migrants
Rampant wiener thefts threaten Red River College stores' bottom line
Antarctica Declared World's First LGBT-Friendly Continent
Man arrested for failing to return VHS tape rented in 2002
Obama: 'We have the responsibility to confront the past with honesty and transparency'
US teen injured in Brussels also survived Paris attacks and Boston bombing
Police: Man stabs wife with fork after she hits him with burrito
Immigration law can't discriminate against 'habitual drunkards,' court rules
Liberals claim terrorism is caused by engineering
Google Maps Blamed for Demolition of Wrong House
Suspected drunk driver punches arresting officer, flees after giving ID
MLB teams release wild new ballpark foods for fans
Trolls turned Tay, Microsoft's fun millennial AI bot, into a genocidal maniac
United Airlines Pilot Arrested for Allegedly Running 'Prostitution Enterprise' in Texas
Microsoft's teen girl AI robot that learns knowledge from Twitter fell in love with Hitler and sex within 24 hours - Tweets "Hitler was right. I hate the jews" & "F* MY ROBOT P* DADDY I'M SUCH A NAUGHTY ROBOT"
Putin teases Kerry for carrying his own luggage
Man Rents VHS Tape of Freddy Gets Fingered. Doesn't Return It. Ends Up in Handcuffs. - The New York Times
Man spends $200 at sushi restaurant, leaves 13-Foot python instead of tip
Angry customer unleashes 4m-long snake in restaurant
Palo Alto considers subsidized housing for salary up to $250K
Of Seattle's big Trump donors - all 6 of them - 2 are sorry they gave
Houston pilot accused of running brothels
New Jersey man faces 10 years in prison for firing prop gun in film
Texas woman furious after home mistakenly demolished [xpost/news]
Texas woman furious after home mistakenly demolished
Law Graduate Who Sued Her School Loses at Trial
Man says he was arrested for failing to return movie he rented in 2002: 'Freddy Got Fingered'
Oregon police gives driver a ticket for parking smart car perpendicular to the curb
North Carolina man arrested over rented VHS tape 14 years overdue
Deputies: Couple arrested in burrito assault, fork stabbing
Brazil 'confident' no corruption on Olympics projects
Belgium is a failed state
Ore. cops ticket driver for perpendicular parking smart car
Sweden Wants to Close Its Borders - To Maine Lobsters
Sweden asks EU to stop American lobster invasion
Students terrified by 'Trump 2016' chalk drawings
Smart Car parked perpendicular in parallel spot cited by Newport police
Rx for a painful medical bill: Don't pay it...just yet
NC Man Arrested for Not Returning Rental VHS Tape 14 Years Ago
CWEB.com - Overcharges and mistakes on medical bills. 49 Percent of Medicaid Bills Contain Errors. Check your credit report as medical debts sent to collections will have a grace period of six months before showing up on a consumer's credit report.
Police: Woman drove drunk to "coffee with a cop" event
Former Auburn deputy mayor Salim Mehajer cleared of threatening father of Lindt café survivor at gym
Man arrested after forcing bus to go to donut shop
Zack Snyder: Why Isn't Star Wars: The Force Awakens Criticised For Killing Billions More Than Man Of Steel?
2 Atlanta cops fight over who can run faster, 1 allegedly pulls gun
Microsoft silences its new A.I. bot Tay, after Twitter users teach it racism [Updated]
Georgia parents offended by the 'Far East religion' of yoga, get 'Namaste' banned from school
Violent sex offender killed by runaway trailer while watching porn
Microsoft launches AI chatbot on Twitter and it turns racist within hours
Twitter turns Microsoft AI from friendly robot to unapologetic Hitler supporter in one day
illennials like socialism - until they get jobs
Microsoft AI chatbot promptly becomes Nazi
Emory President Meets With Traumatized Students After Someone Writes "Trump 2016" on Campus
Parents realize mistake, seek a new name for their son Justin Bieber
Emory students frightened by "Trump 2016" signs written in chalk
Man arrested for not returning VHS tape that he rented 14 years ago.
Man loses leg after shooting lawn mower full of explosives
Man forced to return penny worth millions to U.S. Mint
3 ASU students picked to travel Europe with only Red Bull as currency
Mayor insists bridge built for squirrels was not a waste of money
Former Subway Spokesman Jared Fogle Now Serves Sandwiches in His Prison Cafeteria
Parents realize mistake, no longer believe in name and file for new one for their son Justin Bieber
Google Maps error sees wrong house demolished
Cats are being equipped to hack neighbor's Wi-Fi passwords
US Attorney Becomes Rock Star In Turkey For Arresting Erdogan's Partner
Filipinos Celebrated Easter by Crucifying a Bunch of People Again
Glory Hole Drive Sign A Target For Thieves Who Love Double Entendres
Hilarious: Google Now offers tips for pirating 'Deadpool'
Philippines Marks Easter with Crucifixions Again
Syrian refugees bumped from overbooked hotels for Garth Brooks fans
3,000 People Have Signed a Petition Demanding Open Carry Inside Quicken Loans Arena During the RNC
There's nothing left': Crew demolishes wrong home, blames Google Maps
Three-quarters of UK children spend less time outdoors than prison inmates - survey
NC man arrested for not returning VHS copy of Freddy Got Fingered he rented in 2002
Helicopter Money Takes Flight as Latest Drastic Monetary Idea
Charity shop bans Fifty Shades of Grey novels as they just can't flog them
'Oh, what a big gun you have': NRA rewrites fairytales to include firearms
Hamilton's Syrian Refugees Displaced by Garth Brooks Fans
Kindergarten play canceled after audience altercation
NRA Imagines Fairy Tale Heroes With Guns
Meth contaminated with Zika virus?
Russian officer calls an airstrike on himself
Man arrested for overdue VHS rental of "Freddy Got Fingered"
Fake 'Rothschild' who lived the high-life in China exposed
North Carolina man arrested for not returning VHS tape rental 14 years ago
Turkey bans media from landmark press freedom case
Man admits to pooping in KFC gravy for several years, one customer unknowingly prefers it
Russian special forces officer heroically dies in Palmyra area, draws fire upon himself
Search » U.S. Edition+ North Carolina man arrested for not returning a VHS tape -- 14 years later
Bogus Rothschild heir dupes Chinese school into VIP treatment
NRA rewrites classic fairy tales
Raleigh woman suffers serious injuries in giraffe attack
Arizona man gets 'Trump Stamp' back tattoo for a year of free country concert tickets
Even vultures turning noses up at North Korea
Aminah Hart tracked down and married sperm donor
Heavy social media users 'trapped in endless cycle of depression'
Aldi agrees to change 'offensive' paint name after complaint
NRA rewrites Grim's fairytales adding guns
Law Graduate Gets Her Day in Court, Suing Law School
Easter 2016: Jesus actor banned from Sunday parade for being 'too gay'
Man Arrested for Overdue Tom Green Rental From 2002
Marathon runners mistake soap for energy bars
BBC News: Dog in Thailand appears to smile after being stung by a wasp
Easter Bunny hunt is bad news for New Zealand's rabbits
MO: The Florida of the Midwest
Witnesses: Man killed by runaway trailer while watching porn
Drunk woman drives to cafe hosting more than a dozen police at "Coffee with a Cop" event
The world is Trump's oyster, but he prefers Filet-O-Fish
Woman drives drunk to cafe hosting "Coffee with a Cop" event
Angolans Turning Zero-Rated Wikipedia, Facebook Into Ad Hoc File Sharing Services
North Carolina man arrested for not returning a VHS tape -- 14 years later
Jared Fogle is making sandwiches in prison
NRA rewrites fairy tales to put guns in the hands of characters
It's Your Fault Microsoft's Teen AI Turned Into Such a Jerk
NRA Rewrites Fairy Tales With More Firearms, Less Bloodshed
Millennials like socialism - until they get jobs
Mixed Martial Arts Expert Takes Down NJ Car Burglar
Man loses leg by shooting lawn mower full of explosives
Orwell-inspired government initiative, called "Truthy", aims to "assist in the preservation of open debate" by monitoring social media for "subversive propaganda" and combating what it considers to be "the diffusion of false and misleading ideas"
Gerogia man blows his leg off after shooting a lawnmover filled with explosives.
Police: Man Used Handgun as Hammer at Missouri School
Whoops! Did the Wrong House Get Torn Down Because of a Google Maps Mistake?
Man Loses Leg After Shooting at Explosive-Packed Lawn Mower.
Daredevil to cross TX canyon by strapping himself to rocket 'like Wile E. Coyote'
Free soap leaves bad taste for Chinese athletes
Scientists say Shakespeare's skull may be missing from grave
Texas Education Board Candidate Who Called Obama A Gay Prostitute Won't Back Down
A North Carolina man has been arrested after he failed to return a movie he rented 14 years ago.
Students protest because they feel threatened by someone writing "Trump 2016" in chalk on the campus
Crew demolishes wrong home, blames Google Maps
Mad Mike Hughes plans to cross Palo Duro Canyon in Texas strapped to a rocket
Teachers burn 'devil-worshipping' student in Nairobi
4-Year-Old's Headstone Removed Because One Person Was Offended By It
British man goes out for quiet drink in Essex, wakes up in Barcelona
Man Chooses to Wear 'I Am a Thief' Sign Over Going to Jail
Obama criticized for doing tango 2 days after bombings in Brussels
Man arrested for not returning a VHS rental
Kindergarten play gets broken up by police after parents brawl over best seats
Ted Cruz Warns Donald Trump to Leave His Wife 'the Hell Alone'
Paul Ryan Apologizes For Calling The Poor 'Takers'
My Teenage Sister Seems to Hate Everyone
Man crashes car after finding Taco Bell closed
Man looses leg after shooting lawnmower filled with high explosives
Strip club dancer accused of biting patron's crotch
Police: Driver Reaching For French Fry Crashes On Highway
#CruzSexScandal is Taking Over Twitter Thanks To a National Enquirer Bombshell
Resident uses MMA on suspect allegedly breaking into neighbor's car in Fair Lawn, New Jersey
Chicago To Hide Gaping Hole By Building a Mound of Dirt Around It
Shreveport pastor to seal himself in coffin until Easter morning
Snoop Dogg launches nature show, fulfilling fans' dreams
Man is hit and killed by run away trailer while watching porn.
North Carolina man arrested after failing to return old video rental
Mom, daughter face jail time over Burger King coupon fight
Overdue VHS copy of 'Freddy Got Fingered' gets man arrested - after 14 years
Bishop goes to the 'extreme' in re-creating the resurrection
YouTuber Shunned By Fans After Forgetting To Ask What Is Up, Guys
Dog in Thailand appears to smile after being stung by a wasp
Lawyer compares canoeist using private trail to Hitler's invading Poland in NY's highest court
Children as young as seven are sexting, research finds
Man Arrested for Not Returning a 14-Year Overdue VHS Tape of Freddy Got Fingered
Madonna exposes fan's breast onstage during concert
Smart Car ticketed for parking perpendicularly in parallel parking spot
UK Teachers Report 4 Year Old Boy To The Terrorism Police For Drawing A Cucumber
Beautiful cloud at sunset
Pastor sealing self in coffin until Easter morning
Doc Says There's A Reason His Semen Could Be On A Patient's Face
For party, French Jew goes to synagogue dressed as jihadist
Man Plans to Launch Himself Over Palo Duro Canyon in a Rocket
Mount Sinai doctor charged with sexually abusing four patients says his DNA was found on one woman because he masturbated in the hospital lounge
N.J. doc has elaborate excuse for how his semen got on patient, report says
Man arrested after video shows him defecating on sidewalk in front of Police Department
Nobody Wants to Think About Ted Cruz Having Sex
Former Henrico teacher charged for allegedly allowing student to smoke marijuana in class
Ohio police hope Wal-Mart thief is 'embarrassed' by wearing sign
Experience: I paid to have my daughter kidnapped
Lawyer argues before NY's highest Cory that Canoeist using private trail is like Hitler invading Poland
A 'Damaged' Information Office Is Declared Closed by Rumsfeld
Man arrested after video shows him defecating on sidewalk in front of Jackson Police Department
More than 5,000 support petition to allow guns at Republican National Convention in Cleveland
German Neo-Nazis Are Being Hired to 'Protect' Detained Refugees
Misspelled Acomb sign proclaims 'Chris is Risen'
Woman accused of having sex with a Dachshund
Alabama Police Publish Wanted Poster On Facebook, Suspect Comically Responds (screenshot inside)
'Monster fish' catcher fails lie detector test
Imprisoned killer bilked government out of $250K
Move over, butt stuff. Hand jobs are back.
Trevor Noah, Lindsey Graham Reluctantly Read Trump Compliments During a Game of Pool
Man crashes his car into an ATM after becoming angry that Taco Bell was closed.
Police Arrest Mall Easter Bunny for Failing to Register as Sex Offender
Woman accused of having sex with dachshund
Strip Club Dancer from Milwaukee Arrested after Biting Man's Crotch
Russia banned a Polish board game that simulates Communist-era shopping
Cops Zip Up Live Man In "Body Bag" & Carry Him Like Oversized Luggage
Chicago Cubs Welcome Real Cubs To Camp; All-Star Gets Peed On
Woman accused of having sex with dog
A demolition crew destroyed a woman's building by mistake after Google Maps provided wrong directions.
Man Rents VHS Tape. Doesn't Return It. Ends Up in Handcuffs.
Tom Green to Help Man Arrested for Failing to Return a Freddy Got Fingered VHS from 2002
NRA updates your favorite fairy tales with new gun-friendly versions.
Toilet broken? Better poop in my purse
Woman's home demolished after Google Maps error
Police: Florida man bitten by his pit bull after ordering dog to attack cops
Disney's 'Zootopia' is a call to arms for white people
NRA updates fairy tales, gives Little Red Riding Hood a gun.
Workers demolish wrong house after relying on Google Maps for directions
Man gets mad that Taco Bell is closed and crashes his car.
Man arrested for not returning VHS rental of "Freddy Got Fingered"
Nazi doctor Mengele's remains to be used for experiments
IGN Rates Batman v Superman 6.8/10
Registered sex offender dressed as an Easter Bunny arrested at Minot, ND mall.
Man faces felony charges for bringing gun to school event, using it as hammer
Sex offender playing Easter bunny at Minot mall arrested
1.5M customers of Verizon anti-hacker unit hacked
A law school has won a court case about its own worth as a law school
City To Quit Ordering Police-Shooting Investigators To Change Findings
Charity bookstore begs customers to stop donating their copies of 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
North Carolina Governor Swears in Historic First Class of Bathroom-Enforcement Cadets
The secret to art world success is being a narcissist, says study
AUDIOLIVRO - 3/3 - SAINT GERMAIN MISTÉRIOS DESVELADOS - A GRANDE FRATERN...
Police say man entered amorous couple's room, started having sex with woman
Bristol man who spent years trying to look like his parrots becomes Mr Parrotman
Ted Cruz Call Donald Trump a Rat He Doesn't Want to Have Sex With
Mizzou will now require 'diversity intensive' courses for graduation
homeowner says man broke into a home, builds legos
Wrecking Crew Demolishes Wrong Housing Duplex Following Google Maps Error
Of cowardice, Trump, Emory and Ayatollahs
GRAPHIC: Georgia Man Blows Own Leg Off Shooting Tannerite Target in Old Lawnmower
I've made a huge mistake
Police: Enraged that Taco Bell was closed, driver crashed into ATM
House demolished by accident "no big deal" says bulldozing company
Parents get 'namaste' banned from yoga lessons at Georgia elementary school
Fight breaks out at restaurant after officers debate who runs faster
Demolition firm blames Google Maps glitch for tearing down the wrong house
Man Behind 'Tips for Jesus' Says It's Not for Jesus
Be Aladdin! Take A Magic Carpet Ride Through S.F.
Someone Spotted Satan Inside A Tasty-Looking Cut Of Beef
Bail Set at $50,000 for Man Who Spent a Day in Seattle Tree
'It was an accident' says doctor who 'pleasured himself and got semen on patient's face'
Georgia Man Loses Leg After Shooting Lawn Mower Full of Explosives
Easter Bunny arrested by Boston PD
A Louisiana Pastor Is Sealing Himself in a Coffin to Recreate the Easter Resurrection in '3D'
Man crashes Range Rover while reaching for French fry, police say
Adult Swim's "Stupid Morning Bullshit" streamcast host owns Martin Shkreli after he reaches out for hilarious surprise interview.
Bishop's resurrection re-enactment goes on with casket instead of cot
Stolen UFO replica found destroyed
Chicago Cubs Cuddle Actual Cubs At Training Camp
Man arrested for creating fake facebook profile, held on $10,000 bond
Stolen UFO found destroyed
Violent sex offender killed by runaway trailer while watching pornography on a sidewalk
Parma Police arrest man for creating fake police Facebook page
American who survived brussels paris and boston terror attacks says-he's "lucky."
Teen drives SUV up guy-wire in Gresham
Report: Man In Tree told police his name was Edward Cullen
Antarctica is 'The World's First LGBT-Friendly Continent' - See more at: http://www.washingtonblade.com/2016/03/23/antarctica-worlds-first-lgbt-friendly-continent/#sthash.lTxXQcZb.dpuf
Antarctica is 'The World's First LGBT-Friendly Continent'
Antarctica declared the 'world's first LGBTI friendly continent'
Man arrested for long overdue VHS rental
Muslim Dairy Queen owner installs signs comparing Hindus to monkeys
Antarctica Declared the First LGBT-Friendly Continent
Officers lure trapped cat to safety using red-dot sight on a taser, shield
Ted Cruz: Donald Trump May Be a Rat But I Have No Desire to Copulate With Him
North Carolina man arrested for VHS tape not returned in 2002
Nigerian Women Cry Out as Swedish Dolls Invade Market
Woman Saves Abandoned Piglet On NJ Highway With Cherry Danish
Beck Goes Full Bible: I 'Believe That Ted Cruz Actually Was Anointed' by God
Queensland tradie has $596m in bank, court told
Roger Goodell to be honored with sports health and research award
Man killed by runaway trailer while watching porn
Lack of Talent Mistaken for Artistic Vision
Crowd goes wild as bird lands on Sanders's podium in Portland
Oklahoma Teen Sentenced To Go To Church After Manslaughter Conviction
Sex Offender Serving as 'Easter Bunny' Arrested
Man Arrested After 14 Years For Not Returning VHS Tape
Friends planning Zumba Party to raise funds for children of friend left orphaned by man so freaked out about his wife's weight loss, he killed her.
Local bomb squad makes beeping Easter eggs for blind children.
A New ISIS Recruitment Video Stars Donald Trump
Thousands Sign Petition to Allow Guns Inside GOP Convention
A new pro-ISIS propaganda video features Donald Trump trashing Brussels
ISIS features Donald Trump in video celebrating Brussels attacks
Queensland tradie has $669m in bank, court told
Demolition crew knocks down wrong house after Google Maps mix-up
Nightmare before Easter: hunters shoot thousands of bunnies in New Zealand
NPR offers 'hostile environment' training for reporters covering Donald Trump rallies: report
NPR Is Preparing Reporters to Cover Trump Rallies Like a War Zone
Alabama Police Publish Wanted Poster On Facebook, Suspect Comically Responds
Man arrested for making satire Facebook page.
Aldi Agrees To Remove Rape Reference From Paint Tin Lids
Aldi makes Uturn on shade of paint called "rape yellow" after complaints
Police called to break up brawl between parents over the best seats at an elementary school play
Police: Upon finding Taco Bell closed, angry man smashes car
Jonathan the Giant Tortoise Finally Gets a Bath After 184 Years
Aldi forced to change name of 'rape yellow' paint after complaint from sexual assault victim
Complaints after UK supermarket sells 'Rape Yellow' paint
Bricklayer-carpenter has $596m bank balance he can't explain, court told
Mountie halts Malahat traffic for stubborn beaver (xpost /Victoriabc)
Riders must put diapers on horses or be ticketed in Alabama town
Microsoft shuts down their AI chatbot because she became a nazi
Jeremy Lin Still Gets Stopped by Security Guards at Arenas: "It's Part of Being Asian in the NBA"
Aldi forced to change paint named 'rape yellow' (after the plant) after complaints from a sex assault victim
carpenter and bricklayer pulled over and charged with drug offences turns out to be billionaire, money gained in <24 months from undisclosed source
12-Year-Old Girl Arrested for Pinching Boy's Butt, Sent to Juvenile Detention
Transgender Law Makes North Carolina Pioneer in Bigotry
9 face murder charges in recorded after-school brawl in Georgia
Woman accuses church abuse investigator of abuse
Theresa may announces greater scrutiny of stop and search powers on roads
Five-year-old accused of being sex attacker abusing a three-year-old using a piece of Lego
Treson G.'s - (@ire_member) Twitter Pics | Twicsy - Twitter Picture Discovery
U.S. rapper sues TMZ for incorrectly reporting he severed own penis
Two arrested after scattering bags of marijuana, cocaine on Kissimmee elementary school campus
Glory Hole Deive sign a target for thieves
Brown Students Shut Down Trans Activist's Speech Because Israel
Queensland bricklayer has more than $590m in bank account, court hears
Glory Hole Drive sign a target for thieves
Brown Students Protest Trans Speaker Because She Was Hosted By Jewish Group
GOP convention pressured to allow open carry
Tornado-Damaged Home Demolished Because Demolision Crew Didn't Double-Check Google Maps
Atheist minister fights to keep her place in the United Church
Google maps error leads demolition company to tear down the wrong house
Praise the squeaky lord, a new religious minority is born in India!
Tesco accused of using fictional British-sounding farm names
Police: Upon finding Taco Bell closed, angry Pittsfield man smashes car
NFL Football: Roger Goodell To Be Honored With Sports Health And Research Award
Spring ice floating on the Lena River
Runners confuse fruity soap for gels in marathon finish line gaffe
Frankenplanes: Croatian MiG-21 jets bought from Ukraine are made of old parts, unable to fly
Egyptian police say they found the gang of police imitators responsible for torturing to death the Italian student, and they all died in a shootout
Car tangled in power lines, driver trapped
The N.R.A. Reimagines Classic Fairy Tales, With Guns
North Korea releases propaganda film showing Washington under nuclear attack
2 Indiana bakeries feud over 4-sided doughnuts
Organisers cancel Sunday's Brussels attacks 'March Against Fear'
Hulk Hogan launches $115M lawsuit against TBS for airing Mr. Nanny
Tay: Microsoft 'deeply sorry' for racist and sexist tweets by AI chatbot
Hogan launches $115M lawsuit against TV network for airing Mr. Nanny
Brussels 'march against fear' cancelled amid security concerns
Red-haired teen sues his parents for $2M for being born Ginger
Minister will seal himself in coffin to depict Easter miracle
Philadelphia-bound flight canceled in Detroit after police say co-pilot failed breathalyzer
21,500+ sign petition to allow guns at Republican National Convention
uʍop ǝpısdn suoıssıɯqns ʎɯ ןןɐ ʇıɯqns ı
Yoga-based cure for cancer on the way: AYUSH Minister Shripad Naik
FDNY's new entry exam asks about everything but firefighting
U.S. Navy officer gets four year prison term for exchanging classified info for hookers, luxury travel and booze
Organizers cancel Sunday's Brussels attacks 'March Against Fear'
Woman tracks down anonymous sperm donor, they fall in love
Man-sized chunks of ice floating on the Lena River
Meet The U.K.'s Cutting-Edge Research Vessel ... Boaty McBoatface?
Brussels "march against fear" called off after security concerns
"March against fear" in Brussels cancelled due to fear of terrorist acts.
The NRA Finally Makes Fairy Tales Child-Friendly By Adding Guns
Random promotion may be best, research suggests
Marijuana Could Have a Surprising Economic Impact, New Report Shows
Ted Cruz on Trump: "I have no desire to copulate with him"
Black man attempts to use fake ID at Best Buy with Keira Knightley's info
Brewers reliever tears knee ligament while taking shoes off
Canada 'owns the man-bun,' says world-famous man-bun model
Cruz: 'Donald Trump May Be a Rat But I Have No Desire to Copulate With Him'
Affidavit: Man attempted to use fake ID with Keira Knightley's information
Brewers reliever tears knee ligament while taking shoe off
Cruz: 'Trump May Be A Rat But I Have No Desire To Copulate With Him'
Ted Cruz Confirms He Will Not Have Sex With Rats or Donald Trump
What Is Game of Thrones? LetMeEplain
Connecticut Easter egg hunt canceled after parents shoved other participants
Bernie Sanders' bizarre bird encounter in Portland inspires new 'Birdie Sanders' memes
Students 'In Pain' After Seeing 'Trump 2016' Signs On Campus
Witnesses: Man killed by runaway trailer while watching porn - Toledo News Now, News, Weather, Sports, Toledo, OH
Christie caught in mysterious M&M's maneuver
Birth Control Pills Linked to Fewer Severe Knee Injuries in Teen Girls
Brewers RP Will Smith tears knee ligament while taking off shoe
Man Is Forced To Pay Child Support For His Wife's Baby. The Only Problem? He Hasn't Seen Her In 20 YEARS!
Why watching comb jellies poop has stunned evolutionary biologists
The NRA's Hansel and Gretel have guns and take the law into their own hands
Sex offender killed by runaway trailer while watching porn
Man attacked by his own pit bull after ordering dog to attack police
The Message of Georgia's "Religious Freedom" Bill: LGBTQ People Don't Deserve Equal Rights
Pushy Parents Cause Chaos at PEZ Easter Egg Hunt
Kenyan woman edits herself into holiday photos with hilarious consequences
Twittersphere Blowing Up Over #CruzSexScandal
Sheriff: Chesnee woman arrested after videos of sexual acts with dog
Couple having sex in car die from carbon monoxide poisoning
Suspected Purse Snatcher Chased by Man Riding Horse Near Northridge Mall: LAPD
[VIDEO]SUICIDE BOMBER HITS IRAQ
Fans Liken Storm That Ends Astros-Braves Game Early to the Apocalypse
The Astros-Braves game was postponed due to the apocalypse
A Braves-Astros game was called due to inclement weather and/or the apocalypse
Double leg amputee asked to crawl across tarmac and up steps of plane
A Miami Company Is Selling the World's First Champagne Machine Gun, and It Can Be Yours for $459
Hawaii may become first state in US to decriminalize all drugs
Arrest made at Easter Egg Hunt
Thousands call for guns at US Republican convention
CIA-armed militias are shooting at Pentagon-armed ones in Syria
Can The Easter Bunny Get High? This DEA Agent Thinks So
Wolves slaughter 19 elk in "sport killing"
The Most Depressing Thing About How Donald Trump Orders His Steak
Quicken Loans Arena: Allow Open Carry of Firearms at the Quicken Loans Arena during the RNC Convention in July.
Cities begin to challenge a bedrock of justice: They're paying criminals not to kill
How Bikini Airline Helped to Create Vietnam's First Woman Billionaire
Aaron Rodgers says he masturbates before games to stay calm while playing
Thousands Petition To Allow Guns At Republican Convention For 'Safety': Without guns, attendees will be "sitting ducks, utterly helpless against evil-doers."
FBI: Don't stereotype when giving tips
Can eyetracking really be used to measure unconscious pizza preferences?
Chicken crosses the road, uses crosswalk
Photographer rediscovers abandoned secret nudist colony in small Maine town
Police 'arrest' Easter Bunny for lack of permit
Why are Turkey's dogs committing suicide?
Woman accused of firing shots at son-in-law told police she couldn't believe she missed and should have seen an optometrist
Woman calls husband 'Fat Elephant' , Court says it's enough for divorce.
Dog found sexually raped and then hung on tree to die.
Defibrillator's removal from Bunnings store stuns heart attack widow
It's Great That Garry Shandling Is Still Alive
Mt. Sinai Doctor Has Simple Explanation For How Semen Wound Up On Patient's Face
Secret archive of paedophile crime kept by Catholic Church's insurers
Glasgow Muslim murdered hours after posting Easter wishes
Donald Trump reveals when he thinks America was great
Bouncy Castle Blown Away: Two Arrests After Girl Dies
Crane operator confronted by raccoon who climbed almost 700 FEET up to poop on the machine deck
This Man's Period Tampon FB Post Is Going Viral - For a Surprising Reason
Parma man faces possible felony for making parody Parma Police Department Facebook page
Provincial Election - Selinger pledges to double number of yurts in Manitoba
'Cat-in-the-box' survives eight days in the post
Wrong house demolished due to Google Maps slip up
'Peep Show's Super Hans Has Announced Plans to Start DJing This Summer!
Koala escorted across Brisbane Valley Highway under police guard
School in UK to use Jet as a classroom.
Mexicans celebrate holiday by burning Trump in effigy
Saudi man arrested for flying 'pretty' rainbow flag, had no idea it represented gay pride
Iowa man slapped with child support for a baby that's not his because he never divorced the mother he hasn't seen in 17 years
Little Red Riding Hood (Has a Gun) - Thanks NRA!
Breaking:Printers on college campuses hacked with Racist Flyers
Elections unnecessary in Saudi bcz its people happier with current system than almost other country in the world - ambassador
Microsoft 'deeply sorry' after AI becomes 'Hitler-loving sex robot'
Wilde brown bear eating grass
Ukip-backed Brexit campaign employs EU migrants to rally support
Milwaukee Brewers relief pitcher tears knee ligament while taking off shoe
7 year old girl killed after a bouncy castle was swept away by wind at Easter fair | UK news Guardian
Mexicans celebrate holiday by burning Donald Trump in effigy
Drunken captain runs ship aground in German port
Man sentenced for beating 1-year-old St. Louis girl to death for 'stealing' piece of cake
White employees of racism watchdog 'earn £3,000 more annually than black colleagues'
Isis 'studied Nazi methods' to create own version of Hitler Youth and train child killers from birth
Accidentally posted cat survives eight days in box
Mexicans burn Donald Trump effigies in Easter ritual
Man arrested for failing to return a tape, rented 14 years ago, to a video store that no longer exists
Missouri sheriff's office offers to test meth for 'hepatitis and staph'
'Donald Trump' set on fire in Mexican Easter ritual
Eminem plans a cassette re-release for Slim Shady LP
Anti-EU Brexit campaign employs EU migrants to rally support
More than 20,000 sign petition to allow guns at Republican National Convention
Mexicans burn Donald Trump in effigy
Aldi forced to change name of paint after complaint from sexual assault victim
In Philippines, Christians Voluntarily Crucified to Commemorate Good Friday
Easter Egg Hunt Reportedly Descends Into a 'Mess' as Parents Allegedly Trample and Steal Candy from Kids
George W. Bush Left This Waitress a Huge Tip, and Her Tweet About It Is Going Viral
Thousands Petition To Allow Guns At Republican Convention For 'Safety'
Rapist killed by runaway trailer while watching porn on cell phone
Man answers fake ad set by cops training for sex trafficking investigations
Parents Steal Eggs Out Of Children's Baskets, Knock Them Over During Easter Egg Hunt
Enrique Ferrari - Argentina's literary genius leads double life as subway cleaner
In Syria, militias armed by the Pentagon fight those armed by the CIA
Brown bear taking a morning swim
Police: Suspect Who Robbed, Raped Men In Detroit Met Victims On Gay Dating App Jack'd
Austrian police investigate 5yo old 'sex offender'
Madhya Pradesh: Cow escapes from farmer's shed, gets 'raped' by drunk man
In Syria, U.S.-armed militias fight each other in contested territory
US man's bank payment denied because of his dog's 'terrorist' name
Climate Change Is Doing Something Horrifying To Wine
Easter Egg hunt turns into chaos after parents storm PEZ center field in Connecticut
US man's bank payment stopped over dog's 'terrorist' name
Pope calls Bernie Sanders the most Christian Candidate
Pushy Parents Storm Field at Easter Egg Hunt, Take Everything
Petition calls for guns to be allowed at GOP convention
Georgia man loses part of his leg when he and pals blow up lawn mower
PEZ Easter Egg Hunt in Connecticut Reportedly Descends into a 'Mess' : People.com
exas Teacher Denies Molestation Charge: I'm Too Racist To 'Fondle' Black Student
Use "weapons of love" to fight evil of terrorism, pope says on Easter
Hot dog thefts not relished
PEZ Cancels Easter Egg Hunt After Parents Cause Huge 'Mess'
Wild fight erupts at showing of recently released Kung-Fu Panda movie in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Russian sharks sure are furry.
Candy-Crazed Parents Blamed For Ruining Kids' Easter Egg Hunt
Cat beaten in Brooklyn Chinese restaurant in grave condition
Super-Chill CDC Tells Doctors Not to Test Patients for Marijuana
PEZ cancels annual Easter egg hunt after adults misbehave
Mexicans set fire to Donald Trump on Easter
Out With Judas, in With Donald: Mexicans Burn Trump Effigies in Easter Ritual
Shanghai restaurant uses robots to serve ramen in 90 seconds
Mexico Be Like 'Happy Easter Trump! Fuck You and Your Border Wall!'
Mum who was homeless a year ago now close to making first million - thanks to incredible Skittles dress
Life size Battleship game in Milton
Penniless Woman Who Made An Amazing Dress Out Of Skittles On Track To Become Millionaire
Designer who was homeless says she's on course to be a millionaire after creating a showstopping dress out of 3,000 SKITTLES
Mum who was homeless a year ago close to first million - thanks to dress made from SKITTLES
Skittles dress to make MILLIONAIRE of former homeless mum!
This Woman Made a Delicious Dress Out of 4,000 Skittles
Donald Trump: 'I Don't Think America Is a Safe Place for Americans'
Japan's Bogus Excuse For Killing Hundreds Of Pregnant Whales
Skint mum set to become millionaire thanks to dress made from SKITTLES
Workers 'blame Google Maps' after demolishing the wrong house
WATCH: Dallas judge strums Bieber song for students; attorney calls it 'cruel and unusual punishment'
Man loses leg shooting automatic weapon at lawn mower packed with explosives
Mexicans celebrate Easter by burning figures of Trump
Was Mother Teresa Really 'Saintly'?
YouTube Star Reveals She Has Two Vaginas
Flight attendant not 'fully aware of what was in the bags' when 70 lbs. of cocaine discovered
Mexicans celebrate Easter by burning effigies of Donald Trump
Morning Mix Man loses leg shooting automatic weapon at lawn mower packed with explosives
Witness: protesters shout 'Jesus isn't real' outside Church Hill Easter egg hunt
Easter egg hunt at the Pez Factory Visitor Center turns bloody as greedy parents rush in 'like locusts' and steal all the candy
Girl, 7, dies when bounce castle blows away
New Army cyber warriors allowed long hair
PEZ Candy cancels Easter egg hunt after adults turn it 'into a mess'
Is algebra an unnecessary stumbling block in US schools?
Huge pot bust halts Wash. Easter egg hunt
US: Pitbull dog found raped, murdered and left hanging from a tree
Photographer snaps shark that looks like Bruce from 'Finding Nemo'
Big Freedia declares Mississippi a 'Right to Twerk State'
Police officer who was investigating corruption in Brazil found dead. But wait... he was accusing the leader of the opposition party (who is himself calling for impeachment of the President for corruption) of corruption and drug crimes.
An eye for an eye: Iran's Supreme Court orders removal of man's eye
/r/Nottheonion user gets banned for posting a fact backed by research
PEZ Easter Egg Hunt Canceled After Parents Cause Chaos
This Video Will Make You Never Want To Try Drugs...It's Heartbreaking
Bernie Sanders Has The Dankest Memes On The Internet
Two arrested after bouncy castle accident in UK kills seven-year-old old girl
Waka Flocka to Make First Vegan Marijuana Granola Bar
American Airlines pilot arrested on tarmac after failing Breathalyzer
Hillary Clinton's Team Thinks She's Just Like Your Abuela, Twitter Disagrees
John Travolta demands a 'male masseur and that windows of his hotel be covered with aluminum foil and dark curtains in his rider'
Easter egg hunt disrupted by drug bust, police say
Donald Trump gets a Ted in the family - Ivanka names newborn son Theodore
Charity Bookstore Begs People To Stop Donating Copies Of Fifty Shades of Grey
Trump aide: Immigration increases risk of female genital mutilation
American Airlines Pilot Arrested In Front Of Passengers After Failing Breathalyzer Test - NDTV
Man's eye gouged out in Iran under Sharia 'eye for eye' retribution law for acid attack
10 Second Ninja X Brings More Levels, Fewer Swastikas
Donald Trump tombstone appears in central park
Madonna steals parking with fake sign in New York
Texas Mothers Jailed 5 Days in Louisiana Over 2 Hot Dogs
Dallas mothers jailed for five days in Iberia Parish over ICEEs, hot dogs
20K People Sign Petition to Allow Guns at Republican National Convention
Brewers closer suffers a major knee injury taking off his shoe
Man finds a syringe inside his Cadbury chocolate Easter bunny
Melbourne man finds used syringe inside Easter egg
Glenn Beck suggests Ted Cruz will fulfill Mormon end times prophecy
Girl, 7, dies after wind sweeps bouncy castle off the ground
Oklahoma man, horse shot in drive-by shooting
Dating to Save Your Tiny Religion From Extinction
'Truly horrific situation:' Dog found raped and hung from tree
Tenn. rapist killed by runaway trailer while watching porn on cell phone
Couple Arrested in Burrito Assault, Fork Stabbing: Deputies
Cat survives eight-day ordeal after being sealed in box of DVDs sent by mail
Children shoved and trampled by greedy parents at PEZ Easter Egg Hunt
Driver Dramatically Rescued From Car Found Hanging From Power Lines
Chicago teenager who appeared in anti-violence video wounded by gunfire
Over 10,000 rabbits killed in New Zealand's Great Easter Bunny Hunt
Teenager gives birth to baby in gym toilet and returns to volleyball game
First cafe-cum-bank opens in Seoul
British man faces jail for keeping wife from Pakistan as a slave
Australian tradesman uses app to convince the court that he had $590 million in cash and a property portfolio worth more than a billion.
NRA Retelling Fairy Tales As If the Protagonists Had Guns
Keep yourself busy for a better chance of getting things done
Ohio man arrested after repeatedly warned to stop calling 911 when drunk, police say
Teachers to use pink ink when marking because it is 'less aggressive' than red and special snowflakes...
Walking while texting could mean jail time under New Jersey proposal
12-years-old russian kid steals $5000 and blows it all on hookers
Man With 'Bionic' Penis Loses Virginity At Age 44
Russian kid steals $5000 and blows it all on hookers
Parents Steal Eggs Out Of Children's Baskets During Easter Egg Hunt
India court says 'fat elephant' taunt grounds for divorce
"Locust" parents shove, steal kids' candy at Easter egg hunt
Hillary promises to make the UFO files public
What Paul Ryan Gave Up For Lent Is Totally Offensive Some people can't just "give up anxiety."
Company apologizes for tearing down wrong building because of Google Maps error
Japanese schoolgirl missing for two years escapes captor after he forgets to lock up
Facebook Safety Check: Site apologises for texts asking people outside Pakistan if they were 'affected by the explosion'
Facebook's erroneous "safety check" accidentally became a breaking news alert
'King of daredevils' plans mile-long, homemade rocket launch across Texas' Palo Duro Canyon
Woman drives UP a telephone pole, gets stuck in high voltage wires
Justin Timberlake is Relocating to Norwalk, Connecticut
Boy, 13, critically injured in shooting appeared in anti-violence video
Woman rescued after car gets stuck in power lines
PEZ cancels Easter egg hunt after parents prematurely storm field
Woman tracks down sperm donor and marries him
ISIS and Al-Qaeda go to war with one another in western Syria / Pics
Billionaire Surprised that American Voters Are Unhappy
Wild fox steals sandal and boiled egg from hikers
British pensioner who tried to swim to a cruise liner when it left port without her is rescued a third of a mile out to sea.
Seven-year-old British girl dies after being blown away in bouncy castle
British holidaymaker 'tried to swim to cruise liner when it left port' in Portugal
Chicago Teen Who Was in Anti-Violence Video Critically Wounded in Shooting
Bees attack Cub, who then hits a home run
PEZ Candy Cancels Easter Egg Hunt After Parents Prematurely Storm Field
Artist advertises weather complaints hotline, is inundated with phone calls
Woman with 'lemons' in her pocket, deported
Brit rescued from Atlantic after 'trying to swim to cruise liner'
Justin Bieber fans just paid $2,000 to meet and greet a cardboard cut-out.
This gentleman had a bank transaction blocked because "his dog's name sounded like a terrorist network."
British Tourist Tries To Swim To Cruise Ship
Woman arrested after falling for ebola tainted meth hoax by police department
Security Guard Shoots Dead 15-Year-Boy Who Shot Him With a BB Gun
This is your brain on Donald Trump
Court told Australian carpenter has $596 million in the bank
Mom Drops Her Daughter Off At Girls Do Porn Shoot
Teen shoots up his family over argument about getting up for school
Physicists upend conventional wisdom of how paint dries
Teen shoots up family because he doesn't want to get up for school
Cop critical after drunk man bites genitals
Money for refugees lost gambling, says Catholic Church in London, Ont.
George Mason student who says he was expelled for rough sex wins lawsuit
Adult-only Easter Egg Hunt Leaves Some People Disappointed
Easter 2016: Egg hunt descends into madness as 'locust' parents rush fields and trample children
Convicted Rapper C-Murder Sings 'Please Give Me Justice'
Hulk Hogan buys WWE with Gawker lawsuit money
PEZ Easter Egg Hunt parents push kids, steal candy: 'They broke my bucket'
New Jersey bill would jail you for walking and texting
Late Passenger Tries To Swim Back To Cruise Ship
Indian worker jailed in Saudi Arabia after filming tearful plea in which he complained of harsh working conditions
No 'Game of Thrones' throwdown: trial by combat nixed for lawyer Richard Luthmann
Will cellphone use while walking be banned in N.J.?
Media Unimpressed as Sanders Barely Gets Seventy Per Cent of Vote
25,000 Sign Petition to Allow Guns at Republican National Convention
Confused, 86 Year Old Effingham Woman Glazes and Bakes Grandsons Football for Easter Brunch
Sly fox steals sandal and boiled egg from hikers
Cops offer to test meth for ebola, arrest responders
Woman rescued after trying to swim to cruise ship that left without her
Texas cops joke on Facebook about Ebola-tainted meth and net one arrest
Secret Service: No guns in GOP convention
Texas woman arrested after responding to police Facebook post about meth tainted with Ebola
Bank holds payment due to dog with terrorist sounding name
Hilary Clinton To Expose Area 51 And Release U.F.O. Files If Elected U.S. President
Motorists spooked as man in Halloween mask brings traffic to standstill in Merthyr
What would you rather? Pool of piranhas or Trump rally.
Indian worker's tearful plea to leave Saudi Arabia lands him in hot water
Mother can't stop eating her ARMCHAIR due to bizarre addiction that makes her crave foam (and washing-up sponges slathered in toppings are her favourite snack)
ating her ARMCHAIR opens up about strange addiction to sponge
Clinton aide: Sanders needs to change 'tone' if he wants NY debate
Brussels 'March Against Fear' cancelled over security concerns
Man finds drunk college student passed out on child's bed
Croatian Financial Agency (Fina) and the court register in Šibenik DELETED successful company out of the blue and ruined it's $1.5 mil investment. And no one is responsible for the mistake.
Buy Your Own Nevada Town for $8 Million!
Justin Bieber replaced by cardboard cutout at cancelled VIP meet and greet.
This may shock you: Hillary Clinton is fundamentally honest
Newly Discovered Fossil Reveals When Siberian Unicorns Last Roamed the Earth
Unicorns Were Real, and a New Fossil Shows When They Lived
Clinton campaign: No more debates until Bernie starts being nicer
It's not an email scam, people, Nigeria really is sending an astronaut into space
Actor shot during Tombstone gunfight re-enactment.
Two Cops Suspended After Almost Shooting Each Other in Fight Over Who Can Run Faster
Qatar World Cup: Football fans could sleep in tents in 2022
Clinton Campaign: No More Debates Until Sanders Starts Being Nicer
Clinton campaign: Future debates depend upon Sanders' tone
Hillary Clinton camp: NY debate depends on Bernie Sanders' 'tone'
It's Time for Hillary Clinton to Concede the Democratic Nomination to Bernie Sanders
Clinton camp: NY debate depends on Sanders' 'tone'
British woman rescued from Atlantic waters after swimming after a cruise liner she thought her husband was on
Girl dies as bouncy castle blown away
Brussels 'March Against Fear' cancelled over security concerns | News | DW.COM | 26.03.2016
Black USPS worker (who is marrying a police officer) arrested while delivering after yelling at NYPD car that almost hit him
Guy Has Sex On Bus After Prison Release, Gets Sent Right Back
Santa Fe man finds drunk college student passed out in daughters bedroom
Lone career at Lake Shore school fair - gaming - tests logic, leaving parents puzzled
Wayward goat leads officers on chase in Norfolk
Cyborg Makes Octagon Debut at UFC 198
Watership Down: Parents left 'horrified' as Channel 5 airs 'traumatic' film on Easter Sunday
London Restaurant Prints Racial Slur on Customer's Receipt, Apologizes
Bank Freezes Online Payment Over Dog's 'Terrorist-Sounding' Name
Kansas opens up hunting season for Transsexuals
Giant tortoise gets his first bath in 184 years
Ex-Trump Insider: Donald Doesn't Want to Be President
A tombstone for Donald Trump sprouts up in Central Park
Chicago Teenager in Video Against Gun Violence Is Shot and Wounded
Trump Tombstone Mysteriously Surfaces in Central Park
Judge Sentences Drunken Driver to View Bodies of Car Crash Victims
Donald Trump tombstone erected in Central Park
Katt Williams Reportedly Found Naked, Covered in Chocolate After Recent Police Raid
Why Rob Ford was a typical Canadian
US Justice Dept. just hacked the San Bernardino shooter's iPhone WITHOUT the help from Apple.
Saskatchewan man feels awful about historic bridge he set on fire - Home | As It Happens | CBC Radio
Man loses leg shooting rifle at lawn mower packed with explosives
Saskatchewan man feels awful about historic bridge he set on fire
Straight-edge musicians arrested for trafficking $350,000 of marijuana
In Japan and South Korea, bewilderment at Trump's suggestion they build nukes
Man realizes he was stabbed walking down street, Allentown cops say
Judge deems drug dealer has suffered enough by having to live in Perth
Fans who paid 2 grand for Justin Bieber meet and greet get cardboard cutout instead
Department of Justice says not to enforce law.
Students say they're no longer safe after "Trump 2016" found written in chalk on college campus.
Main Street Retailer "Life is Good" Expands, Launches New Brand "Meh."
Texas Company 'Deeply Sorry' for Tearing Down Wrong Home by Mistake
The man who saved the world.
Justin Bieber Fans Paid Over $2000 For VIP Tickets To Meet A Cardboard Cutout
Teen caught masturbating at a Kum and Go convenience store.
Man interviewed by news station about a stolen bike admits to being the person who stole the bike
Giant Siberian unicorn may have existed at the same time as humans, fossil find hints
Easter egg 'overindulgence' sees people attend Middlesbrough A&E
Nicola Sturgeon pays tribute to Paige Doherty in #PoutForPaige
Clinton Campaign: No More Debates Until Bernie Starts Being Nice
First-time flyer mistakes emergency exit for toilet on Chinese plane
Savannah-Chatham hiring 450 teachers, no education degree required
Easter egg hunt at PEZ Visitor Centre descends into chaos as competitive parents run riot
Girl aged four 'beheaded in Taiwan street in front of her mother'
Hillary Clinton threatens no more debates unless Bernie Sanders changes tone
Aussie tradie arrested with meth, claims to have $1.56 billion
Doubts about career potential can pave way for immoral professional conduct
Three-year-old girl decapitated by man with cleaver in Taiwan
German train operator introduces women-only carriages amid fears over 'migrant sex attacks
Concerns over Prior Lake High School Nerf war
Delivery Man Murdered For Pizza, Not Money
A former Goldman Sachs has condensed an entire MBA into one online course
Man arrested for public exposure after being caught masturbating at a Kum and Go in Iowa.
High School teacher under investigation after saying 'vagina' in biology lesson
Demolition company knocks down wrong house, blames Google Maps
Google Maps error blamed as demolition crew knocks down wrong house
Child dies after howling wind blows bouncy castle 1.5 km through the air at Easter fair in Britain
State lawmaker seeks to ban texting while walking
Rep. Debbie Riddle Aims To "Ban Women Larger Than A C-Cup To Breastfeed In Public"
Late sleepers are tired of being discriminated against. And science has their back.
Look Closely At This Photo of Two Cops, It's Going Viral For One STUNNING Reason
Violent sex offender killed by runaway trailer while watching porn on cell phone
Underwater Breathing Device Has $820,000 Of Funding Despite Being Scientifically Impossible World News 24h
Man Kidnapped at Stripper's Home Escapes Trunk at Hard Rock Casino
Cops: Delivery man murdered for pizza, not money
San Francisco Man Pays $508 a Month to Live in a Box
Three NSW Police Officers Have Been Caught Trolling an Anti-Sniffer Dog Facebook Page
North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory Calls LGBT Criticism 'Political Theater'
Alleged indecent exposure at Mason City convenience store
Australian Government Accused of Being Too Obsessed With Hugging Koalas
Justin Bieber Replaced by Cardboard Cutout at Canceled Meet-And-Greets
Student who says he was expelled for rough sex wins lawsuit
Freaky fast? Jimmy John's delivery man hops train
Japan's retirees turn to crime for a better life in prison
Police department's Facebook hoax about contaminated meth leads to one arrest
Obama Keeps Inviting Star Wars Stormtroopers to The White House
Boulder raccoon drama ends safely for both critter and tree
thuốc giảm cân - giảm cân - giảm cân hiệu quả
This 'Bikini Airline' is Going to Create Vietnam's First Female Billionaire
Batman v Superman Dawn of Justice 2016 Hindi Dubbed Movie
Maid deported 'for practising sorcery'
Spaniards Troll UK Contest To Name New Ship After Spanish Admiral Who Resisted British Fleet
Chase Suspect Seeks Authorities' Help After Jumping Into Alligator-Filled Lake
Khuyến mãi Vinaphone tặng 50% thẻ nạp ngày vàng 31/3/2016
24 People Shot Dead In Dublin As Easter Rising Reenactment Gets Out Of Hand
Local man rapes 300 chickens, police officials cannot seem to find the right law to punish him. (X-post r/indonesia)
Microsoft Is 'Deeply Sorry' Its Artificial Intelligence Bot Became Horribly Racist
Rhode Island's $5 million dollar tourism campaign so dumb...
EgyptAir plane hijacked by love sick ex-husband
Trump Tombstone Found in Central Park
Top Thai Buddhist monk investigated over vintage Mercedes-Benz
Secret Service won't let Republicans shoot each other at their convention
I'm Obsessed With The Nashville Hot Chicken That Almost Killed Me
Egyptian airliner hijacked by love-sick man wanting to 'deliver letter' to ex-wife
Raimondo unveils RI's new $5M tourism campaign | News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News
Dog playing with mouse in the snow
Man Changes Position on Israeli-Palestinian Conflict after Reading Facebook Comments
Teen Finds Out He's Been Missing for 13 Years When He Tries to Apply for College (Xpost /r/TodayILearned)
Chocolate shortage sparks violence at Easter family fun day in Skegness
This Man Pays $508 Per Month to Live in a-Literal-Box in San Francisco
Woman rescued after jumping into ocean to swim for cruise ship that left her behind
Pulaski Co. Sheriff's Office Spends More Than $26K on Cowboy Hats
Sunteck City | ODC Goregaon (w) | Price | Possession | Rates |
Mayor, neighbor in dispute over rock
Donald Trump Is About to Get 3.5K Bags of D&*ks -- and So Is Kanye
Can you see Jesus in this shrub? Man claims he saw Christ in garden on Easter Sunday
Donald Trump Is About to Get 3,500 Bags of D&*ks--and So Is Kanye
Donald Trump Is About to Get 3.5K Bags of Dicks--and So Is Kanye
Real 'Siberian unicorn' remains found
Driver with homemade license plate speaks out
Former Australian Prime Minister to be Forgiven for Breaking Surfing Commandment
Donald Trump Bag Of D&*ks: Austin Co.'s April Fools Day Prank
Jewish man arrested after rushing into Paris synagogue with fake Kalashnikov shouting "Allahu Akbar" as a 'joke'
Jewish man waves fake gun in Paris synagogue and shouts God is great 'to lighten the mood'
Chicago teen featured in anti-violence PSA is shot
Egypt Air hijacking: Always there is a woman involved
'Too sexy' dancing leads to sister-on-sister assault at Springfield strip club, police say
Man moves to San Francisco, pays $400 a month to sleep in wooden box inside friends' living room
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to Appear in 'Merchant of Venice' Production
Hijacker an 'idiot,' not a terrorist, as passengers freed from jet in Cyprus
Xiaomi Unveils Smartphone-Controlled Rice Cooker
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to Appear in The Merchant of Venice
Australian Prime Minister steals wave from Yoong female surfer.
Passenger takes selfie with EgyptAir hijacker
Idaho Governor Not Convinced People Die Because Of Lack Of Insurance
Egypt's Sisi sacks top auditor who alleged mass state corruption
Police: Teens break into Pflugerville home, eat cereal
PR boss now ARRESTED for 'inciting racial hatred' on Twitter
Ex-CIA director: Europe may be too free
Gynecologist surgically removed cow tongue from woman's vagina after she complained of foul smell
Turkey summoned German ambassador over satirical report
Gynecologist Surgically Removes Cow Tongue From Woman's Vagina After She Complained Of Foul Smell
Unlocked iPhone Worthless After F.B.I. Spills Glass of Water on It
Man moves to San Francisco, pays $400 a month to sleep in wooden box in friends' living room
Man's Leg Blown Off While Shooting Lawn Mower Packed With Explosives
Tim Tebow Open to Running for Political Office
Ballsy Man Takes Selfie With EgyptAir Hijacker Wearing Explosive Belt
Japan photo contest winner features a man, atop a dead, beached whale doing the banzai! ganbatte gattsu pose in baffling disregard for animal rights and endagered whale meat ban
2 men take US gov't ocean science buoy, now want to "sell" it back for $13,000
I've found the key to Britain's recovery: an orange shed in Shanktown
Memphis mom says she accidentally shot son during argument
New York nurse loses license for taking picture of patient's penis
U.K. bounce house death highlights danger of inflatable structures and wind
Unlocked iPhone Worthless After FBI Spills Glass Of Water On It
Angola has sentenced a rapper and his book club to prison
North Korea Tells Citizens to Prepare Themselves for Famine. "The road to revolution is long and arduous"
WTF?!? Moving from this state as soon as possible.
Husband 'Decapitated Wife And Flushed Her Head Down The Toilet'
Turkey 'demands deletion' of German video mocking Erdoğan
US company to sell smartphone-shaped gun
Theme park bans screaming on new roller coaster
China's Xiaomi unveils a $150 smartphone-controlled rice cooker
Xiaomi Goes Against the Grain With New Smartphone-Controlled Rice Cooker
Xiaomi unveils smartphone-controlled rice cooker, and it's everything we hoped for
The Most Embarrassing Moments From Weddings That Will Make You LMAO
Suspect in child's beheading may be mentally ill: Taipei police
Anti-Wall Street Group Endorses Wealthy Hedge Fund Manager Under Ethics Investigation
Woman Marries Anonymous Sperm Donor
DAILY MAIL READERS ARE ACTUALLY ANGRY THAT THOMAS THE TANK ENGINE HAS NEW 'MULTICULTURAL' FRIENDS
Angela Merkel's selfie with Syrian refugee goes viral after he is wrongly named as Brussels bomber
Dog Owners On High Alert After Surveillance Video Shows Attempted Dognapping
Campaign Manager for Donald Trump Is Charged With Battery
Kansas Bill Pays $2500 Bounty For Finding Trans Students In 'Wrong' Bathroom - See more at: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/progressivesecularhumanist/2016/03/kansas-bill-pays-2500-bounty-for-finding-trans-students-in-wrong-bathroom/#sthash.j53Cm1fH.dpuf
Florida Governor Wants Yale University Relocation to Sunshine State
Cooler and Warmer: RI's new slogan unveiled
Company Invents Gun That Folds Up to Look Like a Cellphone
RICK SCOTT TO YALE UNIVERSITY: COME TO FLORIDA
50 Shades of Grey library book tests positive for herpes
Unlocked iPhone useless after FBI Spills Glass of water on it
Indiana Law Will Force Women To Pay For Fetus Funerals
Looking for love? Manspreading could be the key to success, study suggests
KS Bill Offers $2500 Bounty for Hunting Transgender People in Bathrooms
Gun shaped like smartphone allows firearm owners to 'carry your pistol with you on any occasion'
Florida Man Bitten By His Pit Bull After Ordering Dog To Attack Cops
Dead kids in a ditch a mystery, Winona County sheriff says
Cruise line charges man $853 'rebooking fee' when wife dies before cruise
Justin Bieber fans pay $2,000 to meet a cardboard cut-out
Snoop Dogg is first musician to get WWE Hall of Fame induction
Chinese toothpaste to stop using antifreeze component
Woman who hid her 'poop' in her HANDBAG on a first date has been inundated with attention from male admirers since her tweets went viral
Syracuse walk-on Christian White has no chance to play in Final Four
San Francisco Rent Is So Insane, This Guy Lives in a Box for $508 a Month
Competitive Book Collecting Is a Thing
Rapper sues over false report that he cut off penis after he was mistaken for another rapper
Anna-Marie (87) stood up against the gay flag - earned a prize
Police: Report of body in car trunk turns out to be Dora the Explorer
Foes: Kansas bills create 'bounty' on transgendered students
Trump and Clinton Supporters Lead in Enthusiasm
Gov. Rick Scott says Yale University should move to Florida
Trump aide's lawyer resigned from DOJ after allegedly biting a stripper
Apple declares victory in battle with FBI, but the war continues
Nurse convicted of taking photo of unconscious patient's genitals surrenders license
Chicopee police: Springfield woman arrested after she throws ashtray at Motel 6 manager
Police: Man Fakes His Own Kidnapping
Scotsman grins in photo with EgyptAir plane hijacker who took him and others hostage.
Plane hijacker gives himself up as he is surrounded by snipers (but not before he poses for selfie with passenger)
Aberdeen man poses for photo with EgyptAir plane hijacker
Trump Campaign Manager's Attorney Bit a Stripper
Corey Lewandowski's Lawyer Resigned U.S. Attorney Job After Being Accused of Biting Stripper Named Tiffany
Nurse who photographed patient's genitals surrenders license
Dead kids - goats, not humans - in a ditch a mystery, Winona County sheriff says
Trump campaign manager charged with simple battery
For 14 years, city bureaucrat didn't show up for work - and nobody noticed
Scientists have identified a new universal facial expression called the 'Not Face'
British hostage sent text messages to his friend and posed for selfie with hijacker during EgyptAir ordeal
New York State bans non-essential travel to North Carolina
Calgary man takes 31 bunnies for Easter walk
Man Wears All His Clothes To Avoid Paying EasyJet Baggage Charge
Someone Fell For A Police Department's Fake Ebola-Tainted Meth Warning
Trumping Trump with delegate math
The Guy Who Hijacked An Egyptian Airplane Apparently Took Selfies With Passengers
Man wearing a Friday the 13th hockey mask forces cars to a standstill while standing at Tesco roundabout
California Gov. Jerry Brown approves minimum wage increase to $15
Genes and the American Dream: New study reveals that only wealthy Americans realize genetic potential
Thousands of Chinese runners injured after confusing grape soap for energy bars
The feds have resumed a controversial program that lets cops take stuff and keep it
Cops: Man Drove Six Miles With Wife Atop Car
Caught on Video: Confrontation Over Man's Dreadlocks at San Francisco State Prompts Investigation
Man takes selfie with AirEgypt Hijacker
Ebola meth? Police joke nets at least 1 drug arrest
Hillary Clinton Is Fundamentally Honest and Trustworthy
Des Moines teen reported to police for masturbating at Kum & Go
Man buys iPhone 6s, gets pancake in a box
Walking, biking to work linked to less body fat: study
The man who posed for selfie with EgyptAir hijacker
Nurse who took pics of patients' private parts at Syracuse hospital turns in license
Gun company CEO makes a gun that looks like a cellphone so he can hide the fact he has a gun.
Aberdeen man poses with Egyptair 'Hijacker'.
Couple fund wedding by cooking up meth
Netflix should be investigated for throttling itself, FCC Republican says
Pair rescued from dumpster as trash was being compacted in truck
Grinning Brit Posed With Plane Hijacker
Video shows student with dreadlocks being confronted, accused of 'cultural appropriation'
Drone Catches Hooker, Elderly Client in the Act
Arizona Capitol protester booked on felony charge for safety pin
Aberdeen-based worker smiles as he poses for selfie with Egypt plane hijacker
Family farm continues to sell on the 'honor system' even after someone takes advantage of it and steals 63 gallons of maple syrup
Mexican city launches 'sexiest police force in world' made up of young women
Corbyn overtakes David Cameron in leadership satisfaction ratings; he now leads with a score of -11
Black woman confronts white man for having dreads because it's culturally appropriating
"Amazing Gift" No homicide in a whole day
Rhode Island tourism video features scene from Iceland
Coldplay's Chris Martin: Nickelback Are A Great Band
Man ordered to stay away from tree after climbing it and throwing branches like spears at passers-by.
Donald Trump Promises to Apologize in the Unlikely Event He's Ever Wrong
Jury to Decide Whether SEPTA Officer Assaulted Nurse After Cutting Line at Doughnut Shop
British Man Posed for Photo with EgyptAir Hijacker While Still on Plane
Charismatic hostage takes selfie with his captor during hijacking, hijacker is not amused.
Briton Ben Innes who posed for 'selfie' with Egyptair hijacker praised by relatives
Cities paying gang bangers $1000/month to not kill.
British man took selfie with EygptAir hijacker while being held hostage. Sent selfie to friend in which he bragged: "You know your boy doesn't f**k about. Turn on the news lad!!!"
Saudi Company Looks for Water in Drought-Stricken California
N.C. Attorney General refuses to defend his state in federal law suit
Documents Reveal Early Concerns About Leaks at Hudson Yards Subway Station It Rains On The Trains In New York (haiku) "Take an umbrella - when you catch the seven at - Hudson Yards Station"
Trump Explains Past Comments About Women: 'I Never Thought I Would Run For Office'
Safety pin leads to felony charge against protester at elections hearing
Utah Fire Department doesn't install smoke detectors for financial reasons
China tells developers: Stop giving things embarrassing Western names
The politicians voting to impeach Brazil's president are accused of more corruption than she is
Woman swims after cruise ship: British tourist chases husband through cold waters off Portugal coast
Hospital Fundraising Group Will Host Psychic Medium, Using Pseudoscience to Fund Science
Briton Ben Innes on EgyptAir hijacker photo: 'It was the best selfie ever'
North Carolina attorney general won't defend anti-LGBT bathroom law
Cop arrests man for stepping on his foot in a donut shop and not apologizing
Burger King fires up new Angriest Whopper with hot sauce buns
Nurse Kristen Johnson Loses License Over Patient Penis Pics
Trump Explains Past Comments About Women: 'I Never Thought I Would Run For Office' [AUDIO]
Papa John owes his franchise success to high morals, quality product
New Angriest Whopper at Burger King Has Red Buns
Von Miller's Dancing with the Stars partner fined him $100 for farting
Trump explains comments on women: 'I never thought I would run for office'
'Hamburglar' stole 33 cases of Whoppers from a Burger King truck in Michigan
Von Miller can't avoid $100 farting fines on 'Dancing With the Stars'
Woman claiming 'faith is my ID' bypassed security, boarded Delta plane: officials
Here's a great idea: Let's make a gun that looks like a mobile phone
Von Miller's 'Dancing with the Stars' partner is making him pay $100 every time he farts
Donald Trump supporter publicly embarrasses herself after sending hate tweets to 'The Establishment,' a women's magazine
Stunned by the Discovery of Sea Walnuts' Buttholes
Man uses garden tool to rob health store
Muncie man arrested for stabbing brother with fork over pot roast
Boy shot in back by stray bullet after pleading in video for end to Chicago violence
Man uses garden tool to rob Mid-City health store, New Orleans police say
San Francisco State Investigating Confrontation Over Man's Dreadlocks
Chicago teen advocate against gun violence shot in the back - CNN.com
German sex shop burns to the ground, customer refuses to leave until he finishes watching "Throbbin Hood"
Even vultures go hungry in North Korea
Gov. Rick Scott invites Yale to move south; No thanks, school says
Florida man arrested after walking in on couple having sex and joining in.
New study shows owning a cat could lead to mental illness
Preparation H to shoot commercial in Kiester, MN
Nurse who texted photo of unconscious patient's penis surrenders license
'Vegetarian gene' linked to cancer, scientists find
NY Gov. Cuomo Bans Official Travel to NC Because They Have Men's and Women's Restrooms
No BUTTS About It, Preparation H Potentially Filming Commercial in Kiester
Russian Soldier Calls Airstrike On Himself
Thief court-ordered to walk with sign saying 'I am a thief'
1st-graders plotted to kill classmate with silica gel, principal says
EgyptAir passenger took selfie during hijacking
Japan office hires a Robot as creative director.
Kitchen Cops: Lettuce found in hand sink
French Jew goes to synagogue dressed as jihadist 'to lighten mood'
Woman calls police after finding own husband in bed
Australian quidditch captain doesn't like Harry Potter, took up sport to impress a girl
Pastor fails to resurrect after telling people to bury him alive
North Korean teens use secret sex app to mock Kim Jong-un's weight and haircut
Will Ferrell Is Entering the Beauty Industry
Worship Leader Caught In Infinite Loop Between Bridge And Chorus
Donald Trump vows to refrain from 'Twitter wars' if elected president
Scientific proof that men look at women's breasts first and their face is almost last
CCTV camera catches regular lingerie thief, turns out to be a 'godman'
Apple wants the FBI to reveal how it hacke the San Bernardino killers iPhone
Something big just hit Jupiter, a Comet or HUGE asteroid...
Best Electronics Devices | Home
ĐÈN DIỆT CÔN TRÙNG CÔNG NGHIỆP VÀ DÂN DỤNG
Jesus actor falls off cross in Easter show
Father Bites His Own Son To Death For Being 'possessed By A Snake'
Thai woman charged with sedition over photo of 'provocative' red bowl
Utah passes 'fetal pain' abortion law requiring anesthesia
British man's selfie with EgyptAir hijacker sets Twitter abuzz
Safety pin leads to felony charge against protester at state House
'Siberian unicorn' lived on Earth at same time as humans, study finds
'Best selfie ever': Brit who took grinning snap with EgyptAir hijacker speaks out
Chill goat stuck on a power line gets rescued, seems fine with that
George W. Bush Leaves Fat Tip, Becomes Butt of Server's Twitter Joke
South Carolina City Settles Lawsuit Of Police Shooting Of Teen For $2,150,000
Outward Explainer: What's With Lesbians and Subarus?
Japanese welcoming in the Vernal Equinox (Spring) with traditional Giant Penises Parade.
Indiana man arrested for stabbing brother with fork over pot roast
Selfie with hijacker: British hostage takes selfie with EgyptAir hijacker
Police find 1428 bags of Heroin in Mans Body Cavity
Chase Bank blocks California man's online payment over service dog's 'terrorist' name
Jesus falls off cross during Easter crucifixion show
Beer made out of vaginal acid bacteria
It's Dash: US bank stops man's payment as dog's name resembles Daesh
Microsoft and Canonical partner to bring Ubuntu to Windows 10
Governor of New York bans travel to state over bathrooms.
Psychoactive Substances Act delayed while the Home Office works out what it has banned
Neighbors steal Easter eggs meant for boy with Down syndrome
Apple wants the FBI to reveal how it hacked the San Bernardino killer's iPhone
You can't make it up. UN names democratic Israel as world's top human rights violator
Adele reveals she has a beard named Larry
North Carolina attorney general won't defend transgender law: It's a 'national embarrassment'
Unlocked iPhone now useless after FBI spill water on it.
'Rolling Stone' in Soulbury car crash claim will not be moved
North Carolina's attorney general says he won't defend transgender law in court
Despite Having Zero Legal Training, Sarah Palin Plans to Be a TV Courtroom Judge
Overenthusiastic Third Eye Blind Fan Arrested
1st-Graders Suspended for Plotting to Poison, Kill Classmate
Famed Japanese author with no limbs confesses to 5 extramarital affairs as he prepares for political career
British man not sure why he posed for photo with EgyptAir hijacker
Buy Syringes and needles online
15-year-old mows lawns to earn money to take girlfriend out on first real date
British man not sure why he posed for photo with hijacker
Aspiring Japanese politician born without arms and legs admits to sleeping with five women while his marriage 'slipped into a rut'
Local Cajun Grandmother Has No Regrets Over Having 14 Years Worth Of Leftovers From Easter Meal
Polish company to brew beer from Czech model's vagina bacteria
Oculus ushers in a Golden Age of masturbation
India Supreme Court Won't Prosecute Atheist Author Because They Have Better Things To Do
Rescuers furious at 'unfit' hiker
Microsoft's racist chatbot returns with drug-smoking Twitter meltdown
Cat got your tongue? Study to examine if pets adopt owner's accent
'Hamburglar' On The Loose: Police Investigate Whopper Theft In Warren
Thomas the Tank Engine Gets New Multicultural Friends
Swede farts in stinky revenge after woman says no to sex
Waitress gets generous tip from George W. Bush and responds with a 'joke' about him 'doing 9/11'
This Fish Swims Up a Sea Cucumber's Butt and Eats Its Gonads
Dying hamster fulfills 'life goals' with bucket list
Woman calls cops on pizza store for delivering the wrong pizza.
No screaming on rollercoaster says Devon park Big Sheep
Rhode Island tourism video 'mistakenly' uses footage of Iceland
Woman Calls 911 Over Botched Pizza Order
Thomas the Tank Engine Goes Multicultural
Police arrest woman with possession of meth, after luring her in with a phony Facebook post that invited people to bring their drugs to be tested for possible Ebola contamination.
Man is reported to police in Sweden for doing a 'revenge fart' after woman denied him sex
Man With Nation's Best NCAA Bracket Forgot To Pick A Champion
Scientists Stunned by the Discovery of Sea Walnuts' Buttholes
How to Spank Your Wife: A Christian Domestic Discipline Spanking Primer
Whoopi Goldberg founds medical marijuana company for women.
Fake service animals a growing problem
For anyone wanting a special "Trump Dollar" at only 66% over the melt value of the "dollar", today is your day!
"Cheese sandwich" comment blamed for sexual harassment complaint
Kanye West Actually Made Some Pretty Good Points On Twitter For Once
Is my 5-year-old son lost in the men's room?
Facebook Reminds User To Say Happy Birthday To That Dickhead She Hates
Von Miller Fined By 'Dancing With The Stars' Partner For Farting Too Much
Dog Poop DNA Tests Are Helping Buildings Crack Down On Residents
Fat-Shamer's Awesome Joke About Prison Break Star Ruined By Reality Of Situation
Lionel Messi incurs the wrath of Egypt with 'disgusting' boot donation
Woman calls 911 after pizza arrives with wrong toppings
Woman clubs boyfriend to death for cheating on her in a dream
Voodoo priest says he believes New Orleans Pelicans are jinxed
Curator Forced to Kill Out-of-Control Bio-Art Exhibit
Report: Man Accused Of Leaving Grandmother On Toilet For 17 Hours
UOB launches the YOLO credit card to target millennials
he Latest: British man not sure why he posed with hijacker
Student drives through plate glass window, fails driving test.
Pregnant woman chokes to death after accidentally trapping head in railings
Stanford Admits 0% of 2016 Applicants. "Not a single student we couldn't live without"
British hostage poses for 'selfie' with his captor on EgyptAir flight
Flying saucer found smashed to bits in Roswell, suspect in custody
First beer created from Vaginal Lactic Acid available for purchase
Joe Biden endorses Bruce Springsteen for president
Yale Should Move to His State, Florida's Governor Says - The Ticker - Blogs - The Chronicle of Higher Education
Study: People Who Point Out Typos Are Jerks
Republican Texas House candidate says there's nothing offensive about his 'gay Hitler' costume
Moose tranquilized in Shawnessy after going for a trot near Canadian Tire
Guy with Best March Madness Bracket in the Country Forgot to Pick a Champion
This bracket is in first place in Yahoo!'s $50K Best Bracket Challenge...but forgot to pick a winner.
Search for missing man finds burned bones, but police dog peed on barrel before testing, trial hears
First graders suspended after plotting to kill classmate
San Francisco Real Estate Is So Absurd That a Guy Is Paying $400 to Live in a Box Inside a Living Room
Rogue squirrel results in school lockdown, SWAT responds
Woman calls 911 angry over wrong pizza order, asks 'Can you guys do something?'
Man pays $400 a month to sleep in wooden box in friends' San Francisco living room
Man accidentally kills his lover using a cucumber during kinky sex
Black college student tells her white classmate he can't wear dreadlocks 'because it's my culture'
Sex worker caught by 'drone vigilante' pleads guilty
Alaskan University to Have Mock Terrorism Response Exercise on April 1st
Florida Woman Hopes State Will Let Her Keep Her Gator Companion, Rambo
Wanted woman tries hiding in Foosball table
UK man wanted hijack snap to get 'closer look' at 'suicide belt'
Unlocked iPhone worthless after FBI spills glass of water on
Angry Donald Trump Supporters Keep Tweeting At This Magazine Called "The Establishment"
Black Power gang poses with bride and groom in unusual wedding photo
Wedding picture with Black Power gang leaves couple with special memory
Presenting vagina beer. Yes, it's beer made using vaginas.
Menstruate On Donald Trump With These Period Panties
Man Could Get 20 Years for Forging 'Not Guilty' Verdict After Conviction
Majority of Americans now support Trump's proposed Muslim ban, poll shows
Squirrel Hunters Cause Lockdown at Arkansas Primary School
Report of Gunmen Near Hot Springs School Was Just Exterminators Chasing a Squirrel
Vagina beer set to hit the shelves
Hostage who posed for grinning selfie with EgyptAir hijacker is Brit Health and Safety inspector
Cruise charges man extra because his wife died
Brown bears hunt salmon in Russia's Far East
A report of armed men near an Arkansas elementary school led to a campus lockdown before police confirmed the three were actually pest control employees chasing squirrels
Man Caught Masturbating At Kum & Go Gas Station
Candidates loose campaign talk about nuclear weapons and NATO
Former Homeless Mum Set To Become Millionaire After 'Dreaming' Skittles Dress
Whoopi Goldberg launches line of pot products for women with period pain
Nazi UFOs revealed: Hitler had flying saucers...and they may still be out there
Owner of top March Madness bracket forgets to pick winner
Former Canadian cabinet minister Jean Lapierre, his wife, sister and two brothers die in plane crash in eastern Quebec on the way to his father's funeral
The #HijackSelfie that wasn't a selfie
President Eisenhower's great-granddaughter says vegan diets could attract extraterrestrial life
When hibernating bears wake up for the summer, they have two objectives: eat and mate, fast!
Woman charged for giving water to pigs saves goat from slaughterhouse
Family dog brings home pound of marijuana
Your boy didn't f*** about!
Attorneys for 'Jackie' in Rolling Stone lawsuit protest under-oath deposition, say it could 're-traumatize' her
'Star Wars' baby names Rey and Kylo trending with parents
Turkish president's bodyguards make strange noises to shout down the protestors.
Pranksters have been asked to stop picking fights in Brooklyn - before they get themselves killed
Woman Calls 911 Over Pizza Order Mistake
Woman apologises after being rescued from Ben Nevis in shorts, trainers and carrying a selfie stick
Governor invites Yale to move to Florida. Yale politely declines.
Corporations Grow Nervous About Participating in Republican Convention
Ohio Cops Think This Guy Should Go to Jail for Making Fun of Them
Florida man claims William Shatner is his father, wants $170 million
First-graders' plot to poison, kill classmate foiled by fellow student
Trump calls Geneva Conventions a "Problem."
Soy Luna Capitulo 13 (Parte 1 de 3)
Man arrested for stabbing brother with salad knife over ownership of potroast
Muncie man stabbed during pot-roast fracas
Trump calls Geneva Conventions 'the problem'
British passenger took a cheeky picture with the EgyptAir hijacker
'Sharia Friendly' Social Networks For Muslims Are On The Rise
Man takes photo with hijacker on EgyptAir during hostage situation
Local resident makes dream-trip to Florida
Lawyer: NYPD officer was sleepwalking when he broke into woman's apartment
Women suffering period pain targeted by Whoopi Goldberg's medical marijuana business
I Found Architecture From Star Wars In Belgrade
Smoking a bigger danger to French pupils than terrorism
Truck driver shocked after crash with camel
Dollarama raises top prices to $4, stresses quality over quantity
Nashville rockers Diarrhea Planet explode into Edmonton on Wednesday
The State Department just issued a travel warning for ugly people
Mississippi Dog Brings 1-Lb Bag of Marijuana Home to Family
Dog brings home a pound of marijuana packaged for selling, Mississippi sheriff's office investigating
Argument with Greshondala Rose over name pronunciation leads to assault arrest
Mad Over Eye Contact, Man Pulls Gun On Postal Carrier, Police Say
State Department apologizes after sparking uproar with tweet about being a '10'
NICK BLACKWELL INJURY: IS IT TIME TO BAN HEAD BLOWS IN BOXING?
San Francisco Newcomer Pays $400 Rent To Live In A Box In Friend's Apartment
In Paris Opened The First Underwater Bedroom Where Guests Can Sleep With The Sharks
New Evidence 'Hobbits' Were A Different Species
French minister compares veil wearers to 'negroes who accepted slavery'
Marco Rubio Misspells 'United States' In Letter To Alaska GOP
Man reported to police for a putrid 'revenge fart' after a woman denied him sex.
Sanders reportedly left off D.C. primary ballot after Democratic Party error
Man reported to police for 'revenge fart' after woman refused to have sex
The State Dept. Thinks Even You Are Hot Enough to Get Robbed Overseas
Pepsi Light Creates a Dumbbell Bottle, So You Can Guzzle Soda While You Work Out
GOP panelists eager to scrap rule that helps Trump: Four early appointees to the rules committee say the Republican convention rule is an artificial one
Boxing must ban head punches in wake of Nick Blackwell incident
A Guy Took a Selfie During the EgyptAir Hijack and It's Gone Viral
GOP panelists eager to scrap rule that helps Trump
State Department Apologizes for Suggesting Americans Are Ugly
To Help Afghanistan, U.S. Blows Millions on Rare Blond Italian Goats That May Have Been Eaten
The comments are hilarious
Cops Bust Tumblr Witch Over 'Boneghazi'
Alabama teacher arrested for sex with student days after wife arrested on same charge
Universities ban students from using gender-specific words such as 'Mr', 'Mrs' and 'sportsmanlike' - after it's revealed students are being taught to say Australia was 'invaded' by the British
Donald Trump Won't Rule Out Using Nuclear Weapons in Europe
Microsoft is adding the Linux command line to Windows 10
Microsoft is bringing the Bash shell to Windows 10
Music Video Takes the Rap for Abduction Reported to Police
Nigerian Woman Disowns 'Gay Cat'
McCann Japan hires first artificially intelligent creative director
Japan regulators OK ice wall at Fukushima plant in bid to contain radioactive water
Whoopi Goldberg launches line of medical marijuana products for women
Coffee juggler can't sue Sheetz over scalding, Pa. court says
Ready, Set, Freeze: Japan Prepares To Switch On Fukushima 'Ice Wall'
Girl gets blown off roof while peeing
Missouri State Rep Mike Moon Argues Its His Right "As A Former Embryo" To Legislate Women's Bodies
Man Frustrated With People Having Sex Outside His Home Has Started Filming Them
FBI: Man arrested after doing yoga, meditating on airplane
Mexico urges media to shun music video with killing of woman
VIDEO OF GRANDMA DEADLIFTING 225 POUNDS GOES VIRAL
CNBC just collected your password and shared it with marketers
Adam Driver Has Barely Gone Outside Since 'Star Wars' Came Out
April Fools Day 2016: Five times practical jokes backfired horribly
US airline aborts flight after passenger opts for yoga over sitting down
Maui officer arrested 5 times in 1 year; still on force
George W. Bush leaves big tip, waitress says he 'did 9/11'
Polish Company Crowdfunds A Beer Made From A Model's Vaginal Bacteria
Russia Bans Google Apps Pre-Installation -
Egyptian hijacker's ex-wife wants nothing do with him
San Francisco State probes dispute over man's dreadlocks
College Admissions Shocker! Selective Admissions (haiku) "Instead of essays - Brown will require haiku - and kale recipes"
US state department asks: sure you're hot enough to be chatted up at a bar?
Ukrainian lady calls for ban on gays in police after husband falls for male officer
Man says marijuana, not legal scrapes, led to kids' removal
Citrus Heights Police Searching for Serial Peeper, Sex Assault Suspect (look at the police sketch)
Outback Queensland barman bitten by snake while he urinated
Hello, friends: Please burn Jim Nantz's toast
Associated Press Denies Cooperating With Nazis
Police: Naked man 'ding-dong-ditches' Birmingham officer
Mississippi cheerleader admits she tried to join ISIS
'Violent' passenger arrested after doing yoga, meditating on plane
Rescued woman sorry for trying to scale Ben Nevis armed with a selfie stick
No plans for killer US military robots... yet
Gwynedd knifewoman jailed for robbing marshmallows off student
Blackwater's Founder Under Investigation for Money Laundering, Ties to Chinese Intel, and Brokering Mercenary Services
Blackwater Founder Erik Prince Faces Multi-Agency Federal Investigation
Hanoi ESL teacher expected to make full recovery after raped by horse
Man stabs himself to death in Target store kitchen aisle
Remote-controlled cyborg beetles could replace drones
Scientists discover universal facial expression dubbed the 'not face'
This Cyborg Beetle's Walk Can Be Accurately Controlled Remotely
Man gets stuck in a compost bin in gardening accident, family just laughs.
Woman Calls 911 Over Pizza Order
Chinese marathon runners mistake free soap for energy bars
Man Buys iPhone 6, Gets Pancake in a Box
Remains of alligator with head severed found in Westport
Longtime marijuana use might make you a loser
#인계동풀싸롱 한대표 010↗7662↗7948 #의왕풀싸롱★ #송탄풀싸롱 #인계동풀싸롱 #재방문율1위 #수원인계동풀싸롱 #오산풀싸롱 #안산풀싸롱 #수원유흥 #동탄풀싸롱 #의왕풀싸롱 #안양풀싸롱 #병점풀싸롱 #수지풀싸롱
Trapped and surrounded by murderous ISIS fighters, the heroic Russian 'Rambo' who wiped them all out by calling in airstrikes on HIMSELF
Rubber duck artist Florentijn Hofman in plagiarism row with Brazil protesters
Artist says Brazilians stole his duck
Life with Modafinil always lead to success
Georgian billionaire ex-PM shifts giant tree by ship
Hero lawmaker urges colleagues to stop saying 'physical' when they mean 'fiscal'
Cats and robbers: police force considers using felines to fight crime
Activision-Blizzard: Please Remove Guns From Your Game "Overwatch."
Flight forced to turn around after man refuses to stop doing yoga
Brisbane has a real life spiderman!
The Roots Pull Out of David Bowie Tribute Concerts, Citing "Bitchassness"
Plane Drives Through City And Brings Rush Hour Traffic To A Standstill
Where's the lane? Self-driving cars confused by shabby U.S. roadways
Brisbane's high-rise 'spiderman' burglar about to strike again: Police
Receptionist banned from having marker pen in public over racist graffiti
Kasich defends eating pizza with fork: It was 'scalding hot, OK?'
First-graders plotted to poison classmate in Alaska
Squirrel exterminators mistaken for gunmen cause lockdown at Arkansas school
The hijack 'selfie' guy has been turned into a very questionable meme
Lionel Messi's shoes: 'The greatest insult in Egyptian history'?
HERO SNOOP DOGG SAYS HE'LL BUY ROSCOE'S CHICKEN & WAFFLES, RESCUE IT FROM BANKRUPTCY
Own a Sizeable Chunk of the Moon With This Lunar Watch
A woman protesting against a bike lane
An entire Irish pub drunkenly sings "Mr. Brightside" in moving send-off for dead friend
Hanaway isn't exaggerating the extreme length of Missouri's barber code
Alaska first-graders in plot to poison classmate suspended
Do cats have accents?
Passenger who took selfie with hijacker identified as 26-year-old Brit
Peeing Woman Survives Fall Off Manhattan Roof
Entire pub in Ireland drunkenly sings "Mr. Brightside" in moving send-off for dead friend
The Most Atrocious Spring Break Tips from the State Department Twitter
Ted Cruz jokes about liking Serial Killers. Seemingly implying he knows about the meme.
Hijack 'selfie' Briton returns to face wrath of his mother
No salt, no problem! Japanese Electro Fork zaps flavour into your mouth
Pet dog brings home large bag of marijuana
Swiss to recognise homeopathy as legitimate medicine
Tim Tebow says he finds the idea of running for political office 'intriguing'
People In Iceland Use Sulfur Springs To Paint Easter Eggs
U.S. women soccer players charge pay discrimination
Sad Men Now Hope To Get Lucky By Brewing Vagina-Infused Beer
Speeding Akron man charged with cocaine possession
Polish company wants funding for its attempt to brew beer with bacteria from a Czech model's vagina
Beware: the password testing tool that saved and shared your passwords
Pentagon says it's not building Terminator-style killer robots - yet
Police: Kentucky Woman Blew Heroin onto Police Officer
C-Murder Is Being Investigated for Dropping an Album From Jail
The Roots pulling out of Bowie tributes due to disputes over equipment sharing and "Bitchassness"
Did Modern Humans Wipe Out the 'Hobbits'?
Polish brewery makes beer using bacteria from model's vagina
Ping pong balls in a bucket decide Queensland councillor's future
Melbourne police officer offered prostitute $40 for sex while on-duty
Alaska first-graders accused of plot to kill classmate with poison
Sending Gun Emoji Text Lands Ex-Boyfriend In Jail For Six Months In France
Katt Williams faces court appearance after fight with teen
Dog surprises Mississippi family with pound of marijuana
Let it go, say police on fart case
Sinkhole opens in pond and swallows 110lbs of fish
French minister: Muslim women who wear veils like 'negroes' supporting slavery
Star basketball player at my uni pulls down pants at bar and presents police with a fake ID with the name "Myles Fox Morrissey"
The new 'vagina beer' that promises to 'taste like a woman' couldn't have come at a worse time
Trump Supporter Discovers That @Estblshmnt Is Not the Twitter Account of the Establishment, the Abstract Concept
Arizona Election Fraud Hearing Stories of Voter Suppression
Man gets 8 years for stabbing neighbor over loud birds
Police: Woman blew heroin onto Lexington police officer
First-graders' apparent plot to kill classmate with poisoned lunch foiled by teacher
United Airlines Flight Turns Around After Passenger Wouldn't Stop Doing Yoga
Police Looking For Garlic Butter Thief
Brandon West candidate says Manitoba has too many hospitals, consequently wait times are too high
The NUS say gay men are not oppressed enough to have LGBT+ representatives
Lonely? This chair will hug you back
Mother Arrested After Allowing 3 Children to Get Tattoos
Vaginal bacteria beer 'Bottled Instinct' funding campaign seeks to capture a woman's essence
3 First-Grade Girls Allegedly Plotted Poisoning Death Of Classmate
German footballers 'black up' in protest at racist attack
Tony Romo tweets he'll be ready for full offseason
Hitler's commando Lt-Col Otto Skorzeny 'worked as an assassin for Israeli intelligence'
Alaskan 1st graders suspended for plotting to kill classmate
Passenger turns violent after being told he can't do yoga on plane
Gold supercars get parking tickets
10/10 would not steal these kids' milk money
Lawmakers say they're nearly out of ideas for abortion restrictions
Anchorage school suspends 1st-graders for plotting to poison classmate
Woman ate KFC for three years because she was scared of all food unless it was chicken or chips
SEARCH PSFK MEMBERSHIP JOIN TODAY EVERY IDEA. EVERY DAY Pepsi Creates Dumbbell-Shaped Bottle to Encourage Healthy Living
The CIA and the Pentagon Are Shooting at Each Other
Pepsi Creates Dumbbell-Shaped Bottle to Encourage Healthy Living
Food phobia woman ate KFC for three years because she was scared of other food
Police: Man had 1,428 bags worth of heroin in his rectum
3 Anchorage first-graders planned to poison classmate, police say
Missouri proposes important law ruling that 'fiscal' and 'physical' are two totally different words
State Department says it's sorry for mean tweets
Flight Returns to Airport After Passenger Insists on Staying in Yoga Pose
Strange baby faces popping up around Denver
Chatham-Kent Police Searching For Brazen Garlic Butter Bandit
Wheel of Fortune contestant solves puzzle with one letter, winning $76,000 and a pair of cruises
Chatham-Kent Police Thank Public For Help IDing Brazen Garlic Butter Bandit
Rupert Murdoch's Ex-Wife Wendi Deng Is Dating Vladimir Putin
Judge Says Creamery's All-Natural Skim Milk Isn't Skim Milk
Maryland judge must take anger-management classes after ordering defendant to be shocked
Google Adds Telephone Fiber Service To Internet, TV
Emma Watson would really like you to learn more about female orgasms - see why she uses the new website about women's pleasure
Police Investigate Man For 'Revenge Fart' After Woman Rejected Sexual Advances
Alaska First-Graders Suspended for Allegedly Plotting to Poison Classmate
Hamster Spends Final Days Checking Off Bucket List
South Africa's stealthy lion Sylvester escapes from reserve again
Prison investigating whether rapper recorded song behind bars
Missouri Rep to Colleagues: Please Stop Saying 'Physical' Instead of 'Fiscal'
Emma Watson would really like you to learn more about female orgasms and here's how
Footballers respond to racist attack with blackface photo
"Boaty McBoatface" Could be Name of $300M Antarctic Research Ship After Online Vote
Representative Debbie Riddle (Republican from TX) Aims To "Ban Women Larger Than A C-Cup To Breastfeed In Public"
Snoop Dogg's Gonna Save Roscoe's Chicken N' Waffles From Collapsing
NASCAR driver busted in largest tobacco-smuggling ring in North American history
Czech Model Tapped for World's First Vagina Beer
Bill Cosby display at Smithsonian museum will include mention of sex-assault allegations
Germany's national football team wear blackface to protest racist attack
Chatham-Kent police hunt for garlic butter bandit
3 first-grade girls suspended in plot to kill classmate
Car crashes into fighter jet near Fresno, 2 dead
State Department Deletes Tweet Suggesting You're Not a '10'
German team 'black up' to protest racist attack
Netflix causes outrage by comparing comedy Inbetweeners to Holocaust film Boy in the Striped Pyjamas
Reclaim Harvard Law Removes Critical Posters, Stirring Debate Over Academic Freedom
State Department issues travel advisory for ugly people
Whoopi Goldberg just launched a marijuana startup to help women on their periods
Whoopi Goldberg Launches Medical-Marijuana Products Targeted at Menstrual Cramps
State Department Warns Ugly Americans on Spring Break Abroad to Beware Foxier Suitors
US State Department Suggests Ugly Travelers Will Be Scammed Overseas
Kid learning to code gets arrested for cashing a check while black
An accidental invasion of Costa Rica and other errors made by relying on Google Maps
Want to buy a gun on your couch at 3 a.m.? Now you can
Woman falls down lift shaft in Starbucks
Nas Announces Ghostbusters Fashion Line
Former concentration camp is being turned into a luxury resort
US State Dept apologises over travel tip for the less attractive
Sen. Ted Cruz to attend private movie showing of "God's Not Dead 2" in Ashwaubenon
Vagina Beer Is Real. Like, Beer Made From Vagina Bacteria.
German soccer team uses blackface in attempted stand against racism
US State Dept apologises over travel tip for less attractive
A Former Concentration Camp Is Being Turned Into A Luxury Resort
NHL playoffs will have no Canadian teams this year
Pilot Cancels Flight As Suicidal Pensioner Refuses To Stop Practising Yoga And Threatens To Kill Everyone Onboard
George Mason University Renames Law School After Justice Antonin Scalia
United Airlines aborts flight over passenger doing yoga, biting, shoving other travelers
Teen charged after posing as a senator
Anything going on in American politics
Easter thieves steal eggs, decorations while family at church
Easter eggs meant for boy with Down syndrome stolen
Easter eggs stolen from boy with Down syndrome
George Mason law school to be renamed the Antonin Scalia School of Law
Easter Bunny Gets Into Fight With Mall Visitor
"Please don't shoot me"- Sounds like he wants to murder someone to me
'Violent' air passenger wanted to do yoga, officials say
Pepsi creates dumbbell-shaped bottle to promote healthy living
The Witch Re-Released on 666 Screens This Weekend
'Please don't shoot me': Man pleads for life moments before being killed by police officer
Flight turned around because man refuses to stop doing yoga
2 dead after pursued Jeep crashes into California air base, hits fighter jet
Chris Christie Puts to Rest How He Eats M&Ms
Peeing Woman Falls Off Manhattan Roof
The Porn Store Rivalry Involving Arson, Assassination Plots, and a One-Eyed 'Outlaw'
Louisiana Prison Investigating How Rapper C-Murder Made Album from Jail Louisiana Prison Investigating How Rapper 'C-Murder' Made Album from Jail
Mother accused of letting sex offender tattoo her children, telling them 'not to whine or cry'
North Korea warns of new famine as Kim's weight, belligerence balloon
The Roots Pull Out of NYC Bowie Tributes Due to "Bitchassness"
Woman's 911 Emergency: Half-Hamburger Pizza
California Lawsuit Accuses Middle-Aged Surfers of Being a Violent Criminal Gang.
Man With 13 Dead Chickens In Trees Draws Neighbor's Ire
'I'm not a neo-Nazi' says skinhead white supremacist leader of Hitler-worshipping right-wing mob
20 Arkansas homes evacuated because of Civil War landmine
This 10-year-old has built a prosthetic arm that shoots glitter
Robber flees from police by jumping into lake; cops coax him out with slice of pizza
1000 $5 "Dollarydoo" notes to be printed in Australia
Terrifying moment husband who wanted to be Brazil's first suicide bomber pours fuel over judge and threatens to torch her if she doesn't clear him of assaulting his wife
10-year-old girl creates incredible glitter-shooting prosthetic arm
Ted Cruz says 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' traumatized him
Andrew W.K. Forms The Party Party
flight makes emergency landing after man refuses to stop doing yoga and threatens to kill everyone
Trump Goes 12 Hours Without Offending Nation
Layoffs at the unemployment center
Woman Seriously Hurt After Being Blown Off Roof While Urinating, NYPD Says
Company that raised $100 million dollars in funding finally releases $700 juicer which can't actually juice your vegetables and fruit
AC/DC Announce Dave Grohl As New Frontman
You can rent Jeffrey Dahmer's childhood home for $8,000 during the Republican National Convention | cleveland.com
CIA left explosive material on Loudoun school bus after training exercise.
The N.R.A. Re-Imagines Classic Fairy Tales, but with Guns | Who's afraid of the big, bad wolf? Not Little Red Riding Hood, 'cause Granny has a shotgun!
United Airlines flight aborted after pensioner refuses to stop doing yoga and threatens to kill everyone
Man Punches Police Officer, Breaking His Nose, Shouts: 'Black Lives Matter'
The world's first beer made with lactic acid from a vagina
Report: Vladimir Putin is dating Rupert Murdoch's ex
Vladimir Putin might be dating Rupert Murdoch's ex-wife and we have lots of questions
Fans angry over blizzard for removing Tracer Butt Pose are making Petitions asking Blizzard to remove guns from OverWatch.
Andrew W.K. announces his own political party, The Party Party
People Who Constantly Point Out Grammar Mistakes Are Jerks, Scientists Find
German soccer team takes a stand against racism ... with blackface
Study Says Those Who Call Out Grammatical Errors In Fact Scientifically Jerks
George Mason law school to be renamed the Antonin Scalia School of Law [xpost /r/law]
CIA: Explosive Training Material Left on Ashburn School Bus
Police use racist texts to mock the previous racist text scandal
San Francisco Man Pays $500 a Month to Live in a Wooden Box
Man pays $500 a month to live in a wooden 'pod' in San Francisco
Police: Central Texas mother got drunk, let sex offender tattoo her three kids
Fire Extinguishing Company Gets Broken Into, Set on Fire
GE Capital asks U.S. government to lift 'too big to fail' designation
Not April Fool - Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo goes insane again with her plaintiff against Fox News. Interview with Iran's Christiane Amanpour who referred to the Charlie Hebdo terrorist attackers "activists", PARIS MAYOR: Will SUE FOX NEWS Over 'NO GO ZONES' comments
Israel's Mossad recruited notorious SS hero to assassinate Nazi scientists in Egypt
Order condoms, beef jerky with new Amazon Dash buttons
Why Vegans Are Protesting Bernie Sanders Rallies
Kinder Surprise egg seized from Eastern Townships man at U.S. border
Oops: C-4 on Loudoun School Bus Belonged to CIA
Andrew W.K forming new political group "The Party Party"
Jimmy John's 'freaky fast' employee hops moving train to make delivery
Stripper performs at 8-year-old's birthday party
Dear white people with dreadlocks: Some things to consider
Stripper performs at 8-year-old birthday party
Transgender flag raised in Regina, Moose Jaw flags disappear
Apple to FBI: Please back us again
'He was good with the children - reveals escaped wife of most wanted Isis terrorist in the world
an administrator called spez said
PETA: Eating chicken can make your sons's dick small
This fennel looks remarkably like an onion, doesn't it?
Important Announcement Regarding /r/NotTheOnion
UK Police force considering hiring police cats
Judge who ordered man to be shocked must take anger management classes
Dyslexia: Mild Electric-Shock Therapy May Help Children With Disorder Read Faster, Researchers Say.
Five-year old gets rushed to ER after being hit in head by puck at AHL game and then returns to watch OT
Golfer falls into sink hole on golf course.
A $700 juice box for the kitchen that caught Silicon Valley's eye
Roanoke County man learns his daughter's bus stop is on a registered sex offender's property
Dyslexic children read faster after electric shock therapy.
'Feel the burn?' LA nonprofit uses Sanders slogan to encourage STD testing
Nas Teams with 'Ghostbusters' for Clothing Collection
Police: Texas mother got drunk, let sex offender tattoo her kids
Quilted Northern Rustic Weave | Artisanal Toilet Paper
Bhaskar Majumdar the entrepreneur, investor, global start ups, media and convergence
Apple to FBI: Please Hack Us Again
Two people killed after crashing into an F-18 fighter jet during a pursuit - LA Times
Gmail's Mic Drop April fool backfires horribly as email users claim they lost jobs
Weather presenter Susana Almeida's camel toe goes viral
GunTV Is the First-Ever Home Shopping Channel for Firearms
April Fools' Day has been banned in China
Godrej AC Service Center in Hyderabad
France blasts companies who make 'burkinis' like Marks & Spencer as 'irresponsible'
If I want to buy a burkini from M&S, I bloody well will
April Fool's Day: 10 stories that look like pranks but aren't
The CIA Accidentally Left Explosive Material on a School Bus
China warns its citizens against celebrating April Fools' Day
Madden mobile hack no survey
Church fights for right to spank kids
School District To Distribute Satanic Literature To Students On April 1 Nope, not an April Fools' Day joke.
Villagers threaten to chain themselves to rock protruding from the MIDDLE OF A ROAD amid fears council chiefs will remove it
Woman tried to climb Ben Nevis armed with just a selfie stick - failed
Satanic, Atheist Literature to be Distributed in Colorado Middle and High Schools
Kanye West and Donald Trump are getting sent more than 6,000 bags of d*cks for April Fool's Day
Google disables April Fools' Day joke amid user fury after prank backfires
Fear that gingerbread men were agents of the occult [...] Netherlands made it illegal to either bake or eat the biscuits.
Toronto designer creates hammock that lets you nap under your desk
Bath night for Flint woman: A 15-minute drive
Google disables April Fool joke amid user fury after prank backfires
Doctors are looking for better ways to measure your farts
Women are calling the governor's office to tell him about their periods in response to abortion bill
CIA leaves explosives on school bus borrowed for training
CIA Left Explosives Training Device on Virginia School Bus
Zoo keeper licks constipated monkeys butt for 1 hour to help it pass a peanut
CIA left explosives on Virginia school bus for two days
Christie M&M's-gate: Why is there a bag inside the box? Mars explains
#수원풀싸롱 한상무 010↙5602↙5852 #인계동풀싸롱
Disney Among Companies Accused of Going to 'War' on Christianity
Teenager and pensioner charged over fire engine joyride
Thinking he bought an iPhone 6S, this man found out he bought a Chinese pancake instead
Google killed its April Fools' Day joke after it allegedly lost people their jobs
Cat crime fighters could collar County Durham criminals
Movement to Ban the "Fighting Irish" Mascot at Notre Dame Gaining Support
Dr SUGABA, Best REVENGE AND DEATH Spell Casters, love spells,
Stanford students demand nonwhite, transgender university president
Willie Robertson Of 'Duck Dynasty' Tapped As Fox News Correspondent
Snoring Alabama drug suspect found asleep in clothes dryer
Drug dealer called police to report theft of his cocaine
A man called an airline and was placed on hold for 17 hours. The airline said they have no record of such a hold.
Study Links Clinical Depression To Getting Dunked On
Meet RALFH, WestJets newest innovation.
Oh My God! Jesus Actor Falls From Cross
VCU announces new tattoo requirement for current and prospective students
Carlisle drug dealer called police - and reported theft of his cocaine
Saudi Arabia: Push for gays to be executed because social media is 'making too many homosexuals'
First ever church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster opens in Russia
Chinese news agency tells readers to ignore April Fools' Day
Comic book store burglar took KISS dolls, left his cellphone
Despite injuries, Laurel bison run considered a big success
Pay £11.99 and earn £50
Goat arrested in India for grazing in judge's garden
SUV flees cops, takes out Navy fighter jet
Man shoots off his own penis taking selfies with gun
Crews safely detonate Civil-War era land mine in Arkansas
Indian Lawyer Sues Hindu God for Abusing Goddess Wife
Between Playboy's Pages, a Peek at How a Future Donald Trump Would Campaign
Donald Trump sues neighbor over solar panel glare
Startup workers have formed a fasting club so they can hack their own bodies
Dead cat at heart of Florida election controversy
There's now a stylish way for the fashion conscious to carry baguettes
Irony alert: After blocking India's attempt to ban JEM chief Masood Azhar, China talks about rising terrorist threat
Media Unimpressed As Bernie Barely Gets 5 Birds To Land On Podium During Rally
University of California, Irvine, to Offer 'League of Legends' Scholarship
Garden Grove man found guilty of smuggling 27 birds in suitcase into LAX
Chase Suspect Seeks Authorities' Help After Jumping Into Alligator-filled Lakje
Man behind Fort Worth's famed 'beer can house' says goodbye to lifetime of memories
UCI to launch first-of-its-kind official e-sports initiative in the fall
Watch Taylor Swift Fall Off a Treadmill While Rapping to Drake
It's time to talk about 'black privilege'
Myth Trivia: A Trump idiom, quirky geography and horned horses
China Says April Fool's Day Is Anti-Chinese
Nas Launches 'Ghostbusters'-Themed Clothing Line
Man builds scarily lifelike 'Scarlett Johansson' robot from scratch
China Bans April Fools' Day And Warns Nation Not to Spread Rumors
Jeffrey Dahmer's childhood home for rent during Republican convention
Mississippi's New Religious Equality Bill Paves Way for Human Sacrifice
The CIA Accidentally Left 'Explosive Training Material' on a School Bus
G.O.P. Fears Trump as Zombie: Damaged but Unstoppable
Grass snake tries to catch a fish from fish stringer
Transparent wood could be used to build windows
Mods are asleep, post onions.
Burnley woman plans £20k wedding for pet Chihuahua
Oslo man steals electric car, gets caught when battery dies
Kids Form Human Arrow To Direct Police Copter
New city ordinance forces family to destroy their vegetable garden
Protesters scupper comic's free speech gig at Goldsmiths... because they dislike her views
Pornhub is currently Cornhub, bringing you nasty, hot corn videos
Children form human arrow on ground to help police find suspected burglars
No joke. April Fools' Day has been banned in China.
Here's a whopper: Whale-watching in Lake Michigan
NRA LOBBIES CONGRESS TO LIFT BAN ON WEAPONIZED ANTHRAX
Marion County mother charged with neglect for making children walk to school
Shocked dog walker finds sex toys washed up on beach twice in same day
Thanks to Microbiome Boost, Donuts May Be Beneficial
Cops: Drunk Mom Lets Sex Offender Tattoo Her Kids
NFL prospect says team asked about how he would kill someone
Even As Farmers Die, Trillions Laundered As Agricultural Income
WH Censors French President Saying 'Islamist Terrorism' (video)
CIA leaves explosives on school bus after training exercise
Farms grow massive incomes for select few
Artist Says Brazilian Protesters Copied His Giant Rubber Duck
New York taxi drivers to be banned from flirting with or ejaculating on passengers
This Guy Has Spent £35,000 Building A Robot That Looks Like Scarlett Johansson
NFL prospect says a team asked if he would choose a knife or gun to kill someone
Cop accidentally shoots undercover white colleague nine times after confusing him with the black suspects
Children form human arrow to help police find burglary suspects
Why Do Europe's Muslims Hate The West?
Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News TRENDINGEGYPT AIR HIJACKSTORM KATIEBRUSSELS TERROR ATTACKPAIGE DOHERTYEASTERWEATHER Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News World news Birds Pigeon 'ARRESTED and jailed' in India by police who believe bird is Pakistani spy
Experience: I was attacked by a seal
Anti-STD group riffs Sanders slogan with 'Feel the Burn' ads
Goat arrested in India for eating plants in judge's garden
Can Florida's governor convince Yale University to move?
On April Fool's Day, the capital of Alaska will go by the name of card game UNO, not Juneau
Video shows officer shooting undercover cop
Woman who boasted of her lust for underage celebrities online pleads guilty to having sex with two 14-year-old boys
Eating Chicken Can Make Your Kid's Dick Small -PETA
White House adviser: Merrick Garland is "reasonably into Taylor Swift"
Earnhardt Jr. Says Donating Brain to Science a 'No-Brainer'
'Bear right' GPS message terrifies bear-fearing boy
Knife found at OJ Simpson's property reportedly ruled out as murder weapon
Edinburgh University Student Threatened With Removal From Council Meeting After Violating Safe Space Policy
Mother charged after making children to walk to school
Woman clubs boyfriend to death because he cheated on her in a dream.
Group Declares César Chávez's Birthday National Border Control Day
D.C. Mayor Bans Govt Employee Travel to North Carolina
Video shows white cops performing roadside cavity search of black man
Ragland Native Charged in String of Bizarre Cattle-Related Offenses
Rick Astley (the famous guy in rick roll videos) has died of a heart attack.
Saturday Forecast: AM Showers, Afternoon Pot Clouds at White House
Denmark banned from global ranking lists
Cruz celebrates April Fools' with Trump 'rickroll'
Cách hủy báo cuộc gọi nhỡ Mobifone MCA nhanh nhất
Hillary Clinton's $600 haircut ties up traffic
Female soccer players have filed a class action lawsuit demanding to be paid the same as the male stars
Jeffrey Dahmer's childhood home available for rent during the Republican National Convention
Cop who shot fellow officer: I didn't know it was you
Boulder stabbing may not be a stabbing, but cops say woman was 'round-house kicked'
City may ban dancing
Egypt Air passenger on chicken, secret accounts and sleeping through a crisis
Potential Vikings site in North America spotted from space
CIA Leaves Explosives On Virginia School Bus After Training Exercise
Lionel Messi sparks outrage in Egypt after donating boots on television for charity auction
Washington County sheriff announces cat for K-9 unit
Rochester, Minnesota Man caught masturbating in public. Tells cops he was "polar bearing" it.
Welcome to Univision's /r/NotTheOnion! We're glad to have you here.
Cleveland Indians Sell Hot Dog with Froot Loops, Mac 'n' Cheese and Bacon on It
Plan would require politicians to wear their donors' logos
Pro-Trump Chalk Messages Cause Conflicts on College Campuses
Ted Cruz 'rickrolls' Donald Trump
Chipotle is planning to sell burgers, trademark reveals
Kanye West to Record 'Greatest Country Album of All Time'
Farmed salmon like their walls painted black, UBC study finds
Hamblen County Sheriff offers to inspect bad meth
Official: Sex and drugs 'common problem' at forest preserves
Mike Smith (Bubbles from Trailer Park Boys) Arrested for Domestic Abuse.
Mother who wanted haunting photos of her dead daughter charged with her murder
Cancelled VA appointments pushed veteran to suicide attempt
Limbaugh: I'm Not Trying to Defend Trump, I'm Trying to 'Limit the Damage' of What He Says
Consultant says Barre police chief, 'too nice a guy,' must go .
Patrons flock to Monterey Bay Aquarium to witness the rare invisible ghost nautilus that has invaded the Aquarium tidepool
Björk's astonishing new video was shot from inside her mouth
Kids make documentary to determine whether Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer or a furry
Sunteck City - Whatacity | ODC Goregaon(W) |Call : 7303778370
NASA will offers you to Step next on Red Planet 'MARS' via Microsoft Hololens
SUNTECK CITY - WHATACITY | GOREGAON (w)
Sunteck City - ODC Goregaon (W)
Woman with cat arrested for driving with cardboard license plate, Woman released on bail with cat.
North Korea Fully Blocks YouTube, Facebook, Twitter
'He can bring a bomb on board but I can't bring a frozen chicken?' Hilarious anecdotes from the hijacked Egypt Air flight
Xinhua says Chinese should not celebrate April Fool's Day
Report: 67% of body cam footage just cops talking about how great 'End of Watch' was
Surviving Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam chose not to blow himself up to save lives
Bronx Man Arrested In Vermont With 1,400 Bags Of Heroin In His Butt
Man builds himself a robot lookalike of Scarlett Johansson
Virtual rape is becoming a growing concern.
'Whiteness History Month' launches at Portland Community College
Finns Party politician requests police probe of own Facebook posts mocking Muslim children
Jon Stewart and wife come to rescue of bull captured after running around Queens
Meet Lea, the 'new human' who says she's had close encounters since childhood
Aldi scraps name of 'rape yellow' paint after complaints from sexual assault victim
Anti-Trump adviser dredges up stripper-biting controversy
Georgie Scotney only ate KFC for 3 years, was hypnotised, now eats fruit
Cop slams woman's head into ATM machine, due to immediate need for doughnuts.
Your Facebook Friends Who Post BS Inspirational Quotes Really Are Dumb, Says Study
Russian arrested after he converted to Islam, advertised for "dream" local Pakistani bride for 1 million PKR
Runaway bull caught at NY college, then saved by Jon Stewart
Poop Museum opens in the UK
Russian national seeking local bride arrested in Pakistan
'Feel the Burn' ads in Los Angeles promote STD testing, not Bernie Sanders
Accused New Orleans candy snatcher facing 20 to life for pocketing $31 in sweets
Mèo hát liên khúc nhạc chế Con Bướm Xuân Cô Giáo xinh Mua Vé Xe_By K...
Cops pull up 400 pot plants in Texas park and then realize plants are not pot
Update: The story about Syrian refugees who saved a German rightwing politician who had a car accident was made up
Bikini-Clad Attackers Gang Up On Woman In Disturbing Video, Cops Say
Group holds protest about protests
Italians fear wine drought after Germans eat all the grapes
Marijuana Activists to Bring 51-Foot Inflatable Joint to White House
Maryland man gets 30 years in boy's fatal beating over birthday cake
Man sentenced in boy's fatal beating over missing cake
Charlton fan in court accused of trying to punch Crystal Palace's eagle
Hong Kong man spent $50K to create Scarlett Johansson robot lookalike
This man's $50,000 robot looks just like Scarlett Johansson
Why do the Montreal Expos, nonexistent since 2004, have an active Twitter feed?
Convicted murderer suing police, says he can't get a job
Would Rs1 million get this Russian man a wife in Pakistan?
"Running Of The Bison" in Laurel, MT considered a big success, despite injuries
Girl who openly has sex with dogs, slowly becoming Youtube's next sensation
Woman who openly has sex with dogs, slowly becoming a Youtube sensation
Bank Robbery Suspect Says 'April Fools' But LPD Taking It Seriously
Whatsapp group admin beaten up by members of group
Woman Faces Charges For Making Children Walk To School
Trump Supporters Paint Over Memorial Dedicated To 22-Year-Old Omega Psi Phi Law Student Who Lost His Life
Jill Kelley knew something was up with David Petraeus when he started listening to Enya
Russian man enters Pakistan to look for a wife, gets arrested instead
Dating Service Lets You Pick Your Partner by Smelling a Sweaty T-Shirt
Face of Ronnie Corbett found in fork handle
Smell Dating will match you with other single people based on their body odour
Man sacrifice his dog in order to save a woman from a polar bear
Mountie ushers wandering beaver off B.C. highway
Nurse who snapped photo of patient's penis surrenders license
Surgeons save Brazilian man's hand from amputation by sewing it into his belly
Woman, 21, sets ex-girlfriend's truck ablaze before shooting self.
Jeffrey Dahmer's childhood home available to rent during Republican National Convention
Henry Cavill was too busy playing Warcraft to answer a call to play Superman
Canadian Opposition Leader Rona Ambrose releases a video on April 1st stating she is posting her Official residence on airbnb to help reduce the federal deficit created by PM Justin Trudeau
German Soccer Team Posts Blackface Photo To Fight Racism
Bees attack a mosque
Murky Malaysian money trail that funded The Wolf of Wall Street
DNA testing results in dog poop fines for apartment residents
How to Start Running
Event is coordinated with a Turn-In-Your-Gun Drive to receive a Bright Orange Felon Cap...
100-year-old woman booted from her Palm Desert home
Er, so what is Defcon One? Shadow Defence Minister Emily Thornberry's nuclear gaffe as she tells aides: 'I've only ever seen it in films'
Black students demand segregated spaces from white students
Why does sugar in cornbread divide races in the South?
The assemblyman, who decried Apple for "risking our national security and the safety of our kids" by using encryption, also uses an iPhone.
Scripps students protest Madeleine Albright as speaker because she's a 'white feminist'
Candian fisherman finds much success using crack cocaine as bait.
Is it OK for white people to have dreadlocks?
Chicago police seek suspect after shooting captured during "Facebook Live" video stream
You (and Almost Everyone You Know) Owe Your Life to This Man.
100-year-old woman evicted from apartment for noise complaints
American Toads are crossing the road and volunteers can help them
Uni chiefs tell student NOT to raise her hand because it 'violates classmates' SAFE SPACE'
Prostitution Vigilante Hooked For Pimping
Muslim family kicked off United Airlines flight for 'how they looked'
Taliban Develops Smartphone App to Advance Propaganda Efforts
San Francisco man lives in a box (for only $400 a month)
Anti-mafia campaigner in Sicily arrested on mafia-charges
College threatens women who don't want to pee with men
April Fool's Day prank ends with New Oxford student stuck to toilet
A Woman Was Arrested For Selling "Donald Trump" Heroin | Complex
Female suspect shoots herself after bank robbery in Surprise
Ex-wife of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi wants new life
California freeway crash: One dead as plane hits car near San Diego
Virtual cremation offers death 'experience'
Kids form human arrow to point police towards suspects - CNN.com
Kids form human arrow to point police chopper towards suspects on the run
Virgin desperate for sex advertises for husband on BILLBOARD so she can 'get it once' before she dies
Indigenous rangers farming spinifex for world's strongest, thinnest condoms
Donald Trump on North Korea going to war: 'Good luck, enjoy yourself folks'
نيك طيز عنيف علي الكنبه اخ ينيك اخته في طيزها شرموطه صغيره
Woman charged with selling 'Trump' branded heroin in N.H.
NH woman charged with selling heroin with 'Donald Trump' label
Jim Harbaugh jumped on stage to sing the national anthem at Lil Dicky's rap concert
Two Arrested After Dispute Over Crab Legs Turns Violent
Palin: Politicians using 'teddy bears' to lure immigrants
Girl who scoffed 25000 chicken nuggets cured by a hypnotist
Teen girl who scoffed more than 25000 chicken nuggets since the age of 2 beats her bizarre addiction through hypnosis
Priebus predicts GOP nominee will be Trump, Cruz or Kasich
Teenager who has scoffed 25000 chicken nuggets in her lifetime beats eating disorder
At Least 20 Stung by Swarm of Bees at Arizona Mosque
Joe Biden at Final Four: 'Those cheerleaders are athletes, man'
Musician sues Royal Opera House after being deafened by Wagner
Entire Yorkshire (UK) Town for Sale
Maldives police arrest reporters at press freedom rally
The more cannabis you smoke, the more likely you are to be a loser, finds international study
"Running Of The Bison" in Laurel considered a big success, despite injuries
Kids form human arrow to guide police to burglary suspects
Donald Trump Goes on Apology Tour
AC/DC's 'Thunderstruck' Used in Cancer Treatment
Some political candidates in India must prove they use a toilet
Tampa mom hires stripper for 8-year-old son's birthday party, outrage follows
Won't you like to get gifts every time you're bored? Use my referral code: a414799 to get 20 bonus coins.
Mother sparks outrage as she 'hires a stripper' for 8-year-old son's birthday
Taliban app removed from Google Play Store following investigation by The Foreign Desk
Pot activists light up at White House, none arrested
An Africa first! Liberia outsources entire education system to a private American firm. Why all should pay attention
Woman filmed driving the wrong way on Highway 401
The Texas Rangers Announce Your Cause of Death
Michaella McCollum: Peru Two drugs mule on her 'moment of madness' in first interview since release
The CEO of a polyamorous dating app is accusing TransferWise of 'double standards' for refusing him service
Secret Service Objects to Protesters Carrying 50-Foot Inflatable Joint Outside White House
Student accused of violating university 'safe space' by raising her hand
Scientists Offer Plan To Hide Earth From Advanced Space Aliens
Toronto man shot dead while at memorial for friend shot dead
Flying Mattress Strikes Woman in St.John's
New Orleans Man Faces Life in Prison for Stealing Candy Under "Habitual-Offender" Law
VA hospital staff triggered veteran's suicide attempt after repeatedly cancelling appointments, report says
Trump: Decision to Consider Women Humans Should Be Left to States
Trump: 'I want to be treated fair'
Panama Papers: Fifa ethics lawyer Juan Pedro Damiani under internal investigation
Video: North Korea threatens to strike Colorado Springs but doesn't know where it is
Nova Scotia man pens his own obituary: 'I think I was a pretty nice guy, despite being a former punk'
The World's First 'Vagina Beer' Just Hit The Market
Kids form human arrow to point police chopper toward suspects on the run
Thigh Gap Jewelry Now Exists, So You Can Have Unnecessary Chains Dangling From Your Crotch
Ivana Trump: We need immigrants to clean for us
Flying Mattress Strikes Woman Outside Costco
Canadian PM Justin Trudeau plans to bare all for gay magazine - becoming first world leader to appear in a nude cover shoot
Plane Crash Lands on Southern California Freeway, Again
Dog killed after it attacks mail carrier and police officer in Sturgis
CDC: Plenty Of Straight Men Have Had Gay Sex
Man facing life in prison after allegedly being caught stealing $31 of chocolate bars
Humans changed a life-giving nutrient into a deadly pollutant
Trump's Walk Of Fame Star May Be Removed As It Becomes Magnet For Sh*t And Piss
California driver survives cliff crash, gets struck by bus
FIFA Ethics Committee Investigates One of its Own Members
Black mother with very poor pensmanship upset after name put on son's birthday cake
Chihuahua leads police on chase in San Francisco
At Least a Dozen People Injured in Arizona Bee Attack
I wasn't surprised by the US dreadlocks row. It's another example of cultural appropriation and white entitlement.
Photographer Captures The Secret Feminist Utopia Of Dog Sledding
GOP delegates and their 'headaches'
Surah Mulk With Urdu Translation
Trump's Walk of Fame Star Might Be Removed Because People Keep Peeing on It
Dancin' fool reaches level 100 in World of Warcraft - using a dancepad
Man escapes SUV dangling over a cliff only to be hit by a tour bus.
Guy Trying To Hit Level 100 In World Of Warcraft...Using Dance Mats
Science finds a possible link between larger stomach and being a better lover.
Police: 2 arrested after fight over crab legs turns violent.
Forget the terabyte data drop
Jon Stewart rescues escaped bull from the streets of Queens.
Woman who accused 14 year old son of raping her tells court it was a dream
Свинка Пеппа Мультик с игрушками на русском Джордж Упал Кровь Видео для ...
B.C. man's underwear gag for his wife leads to modelling gig
British skier flees pack of wolves in just his socks
Those Carrying Non-Halal Goods Banished To Staircase
Edinburgh University student Imogen Wilson accused of violating 'safe space' rules for raising hand during meeting
Wine lessons for six-year-olds under bill before Italian parliament
'Boaty McBoatface' leads vote to name new polar ship
MythBusters is coming back as a reality TV show to find the next MythBusters
Friend shot dead at memorial for other friend shot dead
Kasich predicts open convention: 'It's going to be so much fun'
Jeremy Corbyn to play Glastonbury after invitation from Billy Bragg and CND
Ramon Fonseca, one of the founders of the Panamanian firm, told AFP the data breach is a "crime" and an "attack" on Panama. He said: "This is a crime, a felony. Privacy is a fundamental human right that is being eroded more and more in the modern world. "
Wildlife officials want you to watch out for crabs having sex on the beach - and report it
Man escapes death after crawling from car dangling on cliff edge, only to be hit by a passing bus
U of Michigan Students Call Police Over 'Trump 2016,' 'Stop Islam' Chalk Markings
American man with 'great acrobatic skill' becomes Japan's first paid foreign ninja
Life in prison for stealing $31 of candy
Main police HQ in Croatia got robbed, 280.000 € and over 4 pounds of gold stolen
2 Arrested After Dispute Over Crab Legs Turns Violent
Man accused of stealing candy could get 20 years to life
Croatian police probe massive theft from its headquarters
National Poo Museum opens doors on Isle of Wight
The Real Life Of Joey Ryan, The Wrestler Who Flips People With His Penis
Adult enthusiasm derails Perth Library Harry Potter event for children
Russia blames "Putinophobia" for massive offshore data leak
TSA paid $1.4 million for Randomizer app that chooses left or right
Vietnam's Bikini Airline Set to Create the Country's First Billionaire
Fruit machine criminals caught after taking selfies to celebrate
Slot machine burglars arrested after taking selfies of haul.
Police: Argument over hermit crab prompts shooting in Nazareth
Panama Papers Leak Is A Crime, Says Law Firm That Was Center Of Leaks
Thieves took selfies in gambling machine raids
Disneyland worker found dead in haunted house
Disneyland Paris worker found dead in haunted house
Woman arrested for selling 'Donald Trump' heroin
2 arrested after fight over crab legs turns violent, police say
A horse walks into a bar. No, really
Police 'hit jackpot' after fruit machine robbers take selfies
Experts Predict Crazy Long Marvel 'Civil War' Will Use Emotions to Hold Interest
California motorist survives cliff crash, then gets hit by bus - CBS News
New period panties let you bleed right onto the faces of politicians who don't support women's health
Period Panties Let You Bleed All Over Trump And Cruz's Faces
250.000 EUR, 2 kilos of gold and "confidential documents" stolen from office of the head of the Croatian Interior Ministry's organized crime service
The Reds just placed an entire starting rotation on the DL to start 2016
Monkey Mating Season | Monkey Mating Ritual | Wild Monkey Mating
University student is ordered not to put her hand up to ask a question because she would be violating her classmates' 'safe space'
TripAdvisor criticised after closed Tunisian terror hotel given top award
Somebody just levelled their World of Warcraft character to 100 using only a dance mat
MPs have commissioned an inquiry into the Chilcot Inquiry
Guy doesn't have the heart to tell his grandma her 'decorative rock' is actually an old jawbreaker.
Man Charged With Assault After Doggy style Banging Caused Woman's Butt Implants To Explode
Man Bitten By Violent Passenger On British Airways Flight
Chinese crowds line up for cremation simulator
CIA Withdraws Email Destruction Proposal
Girl dies after being kicked by horse while riding pony
Home near fire station considered a complete loss.
Nurse finds rude message on side of Domino's pizza box
Africa loses more money to illicit financial flows than it receives in foreign aid
Man could get 20 to life for stealing candy bars.
What interior design students think combat outposts should look like
Annual Penis Festival held to celebrate male genitals includes huge steel phallus being carried to ancient Japanese shrine
Dead body found at Disneyland Paris haunted house
Donald Trump will win in a landslide, says Dilbert creator Scott Adams
A FIFA judge who helped ban Sepp Blatter for financial misconduct is under investigation by his ethics committee colleagues after being named in an international probe of offshore accounts linked to a law firm in Panama
In a state that currently closing schools because we're too broke.
California man survives crash, hit by bus
Not my crab legs!
$1.4 million on an iPad app that randomly points left or right
Obama administration pushes banks to make home loans to people with weaker credit
Executive quits over Iceland's cameo in Rhode Island ad: governor
Drunk Mom Lets Sex Offender Tattoo Her Kids
Man builds 'Scarlett Johansson' robot from scratch to 'fulfil childhood dream'
Central Texas mother got drunk, let sex offender tattoo her three kids
The same day the car dangling from cliff man in california was hit by a bus, another car in california pulled over on the freeway and was hit by a small plane.
Woman spends weekend trapped in restroom of local library
The Inevitable Fallout of Naming Your Son Hitler
Vancouver mice infestation leads to human rights sexism complaint
Quebec man commits $200k in credit card fraud, blames banks for his woes
Fugitive chihuahua leads California Highway Patrol on mad dash across Bay Bridge
Zero f*cks swan brings Manchester traffic on busy road to a standstill
This UCLA Professor Called Racist For The Horrible Thing He Did To A Black Student (xpost from r/CringeAnarchy)
Greg Hardy Says He's Never Put His Hands On A Woman
Men Continue to Invent New Ways to Not Have Sex With Human Women
Fatal plane crash in San Diego, same plane crash landed on same road 16 years ago.
Man escapes car dangling on Malibu cliff, only to be hit by bus
USA Today cover (x-post r/PanamaPapers)
Woman Arrested After Killing Boyfriend Who Fake Proposed As An April Fools Prank
Drafting QB might not be smart move for Browns
'Love Hormone' Nasal Spray Might Help People Lose Weight
Missing Wright Brothers Patent Found In Cave
Plane in fatal crash once landed on same freeway
Superman Is An Alien, But His Ancestors Were Human
2 Arrested in Conn. in Violent Dispute Over Crab Legs
Man stabbed after pooping on Stockton homeowner's lawn
A $700 Juicer for the Kitchen That Caught Silicon Valley's Eye
TSA paid IBM $336,413 for an app that only pointed right or left
4 Men Suspected of Raping Utah Girl, 9, While Mom Smoked Meth in Garage
Trump: Acting more presidential would be 'boring as hell'
Man escapes SUV dangling off cliff, then gets hit by bus
Student in censorship row after 'raising hand' during debate
AC/DC's Music Makes Cancer Treatments More Effective
Cops Chase Chihuahua Across San Francisco's Bay Bridge
Shanghai crusaders make animal abusers eat cat poop, only to discover they got the wrong guys
280,000 euros ($320,000) and two kilograms (4.4 pounds) of gold stolen from the Croatian Police Headquarters
"Choose life" license plate bill pulled after opponent pitches "Black Lives Matter" plates.
Kevin Libin: Panama Papers 'bombshell' another sensationalized attack on the wealthy
LeBron James' strange tweets a product of his 'beautiful mind,' he says
Five men jailed for £20,000 Cwmbran biscuits theft
280,000 euros ($320,000) and two kilograms (4.4 pounds) of gold stolen from the headquarters of the Croatian police.
Cheetos in crosshairs of deforestation controversy
Woman 'dumbfounded' after seeing someone watch porn at Mukwonago Community Library
Baby born in driveway when father thinks labour is an April Fools Day prank
Man fights charges claiming religious beliefs
Walmart Sells Maryland T-Shirts With The Outline Of Massachusetts On Them
The TSA spent $1.4 million on an iPad app that randomly points left or right
Minister claims Turkish technology ahead of 'inadequate' NASA
The TSA Spent $1.4 Million on an App That Selects You for Screenings
Hypnotist: Trump using 'Trumpnosis' to mesmerize supporters
Highway Drug Interdiction - Secrets of Successful Drug Interdiction Revealed
College Freshman, 18, Faces Felony Raps For His Dormitory Penis Designs
In America, only 13 states require that sex education be medically accurate. Teens turn to porn for guidance. (The Economist)
South Philly parking, bike thieves confuse new Eagle
Economic models predict GOP White House, even with Trump
Teaching Men to Be Emotionally Honest
Chihuahua leads police on chase across Oakland-San Francisco Bay Bridge
Presidente de Chile Transparente renuncia al cargo tras aparecer en los "Panama Papers"
West Heslerton: Entire village goes up for sale for £20m
Gov. Brownback declares April Financial Literacy Month in Kansas (xpost from /r/kansas)
Florida man who crashed after high-speed chase and punched a police dog in the face had a handcuff key hidden in his rectum
Gov. Brownback declares April Financial Literacy Month in Kansas
Armed hate group met at Texas mosque protest by gun-toting worshipers
State Senate to vote on making Bible official book of Tennessee
In Lieu Of Sermon, Paul Washer Glares At Congregation For 43 Straight Minutes
Amazon bans low quality USB-C cables after Google engineer slammed shitty cables
Huge Inflatable Rabbit Art Installation To Get 24-Hour Guard Service
Chile's head of Transparency International resigns after 'Panama Papers'
California motorist survives cliff crash, then gets hit by bus
Tennessee Voting Whether To Make Bible Official State Book
Woman thinks she has a tumor in her stomach. Prays for 33 weeks before seeing a doctor. Turns out to be pregnant.
The TSA Randomizer iPad App Cost $1.4 Million
Woman gives birth four weeks after finding out she was pregnant
Anti-Semitic graffiti found inside middle school bathroom in Arlington
Anti-Islam protester 'enjoyed' Halal festival brawl
The head of the anti-corruption campaign group "Transparent Chile" just resigned after being implicated in the Panama Papers scandal.
National Poo Museum exhibits encourage excitement for excrement
Gwyneth Paltrow pays bumblebees to sting her
Zombie tsunami hack tool
Strong Egypt Man Eats Nails and Pull Truck by his Teeth
CHP tries to collar Chihuaha on Bay Bridge
Danny Devito doesn't know what Pokemon is and people want him to voice over the new Pokemon game.
Man Stabbed After Using Stockton Homeowner's Lawn as a Bathroom
quán ăn ngon lagi
Sarah Palin Poses With Dead Boar To Convince Wisconsinites To Vote Trump
This company has allegedly made beer from vaginal yeast
No more naps: Spain's prime minister wants to end the siesta
Chipotle trying to win back customers with new cocktails
Council painted a disabled parking bay round my car... and then fined me £110
Danny Devito discovers what Pokemon is after 50,000 fans sign a signature for him to voice Pikachu
Microsoft Disabled Their Teen Twitter Robot Because The Internet Taught It To Love Hitler
Singer gets bitten by cobra on stage, keeps singing for 45 minutes before she dies.
Tattoos stay so long in the skin because the body thinks that it is under attack
Tennessee votes for Bible to become state book.
Frenchman who threw Camembert at Waitrose staff wanted by police
Students find homework suffocating, survey finds
NHS whistle-blower told she was 'too honest' to work for the health service
Bill to make Bible official state book goes to Tenn. governor.
San Diego deputy fired for slapping woman in wheelchair, threatening tourists who tried to intervene
Tennessee Lawmakers Vote for Bible as State's Official Book
Gelin Adayı Nevruz, Esra Erol'a Rakip Olacak!
13 of the world's most stupid criminals
Former U.S. tax judge charged with cheating on her tax returns
Kendra Wilkinson Admits She Cheated on Hugh Hefner, Surprises No One
Woman in UK gets 3 months for illegal abortion.
Why we need a better way to measure farts
Wildwood couple held without bond after attacking each other with tweezers
Frenchman who was caught stealing Camembert from Waitrose used his trolley as a battering ram and hurled lumps of cheese across the store at terrified staff
China's dog meat festival appalls animal-lovers
Justin Bieber accused of appropriating black culture over his new blond dreadlocks
Tennessee Votes to Make Bible Official State Book
Burglar tries hiding under kid's blanket to avoid security cameras
Radioactive wild boar roaming Fukushima countryside
Grandma aged 78 couldn't get out of chair - now she deadlifts 225lb weights in the gym
Jade Lynch: Missing St Helens girl's social media 'silence'
French Pensioner On The Run After 'Hurling Camembert At Waitrose Staff'
Everyday Things We Were Doing Wrong
River Monsters' is back for Season 8 and heading to the ocean
Trump says he deserves credit for Bernie Sanders' success
Steering wheel falls off, driver crashes into gas line
Texas Supreme Court rules on who owns Houston dog
Man backs out of gas station robbery attempt saying he was only kidding
Terror from above: Red-shouldered hawks attack seniors' heads in retirement community
Brooklyn store owner, beloved father dies after thief steals truck, runs him over with it
Indiana Women Are Calling the Governor About Their Periods
Touching robots can arouse humans, study finds
Court Rules Jet Can Be Impounded Over Compensation to Passenger
Facebook bans users from promoting posts featuring the name of UK town 'Scunthorpe'
China's 'Great Firewall' blocks its creator at Internet security speech
Renter says security camera in bedroom is an invasion of privacy
Twitter wins rights to stream NFL Thursday night games
China's 'Great Firewall' blocks its creator
Facebook bans users from promoting posts with the word 'Scunthorpe' in them
Thieves Steal Money and Gold from Police Headquarters in Zagreb
Police horse assaulted during Villanova championship celebration
SC sheriff's department looking for person who duct-taped dog's mouth
Ex-Spouses Go to Court to Split Beanie Babies. (1999)
Ex-Spouses Go to Court to Split Beanie Babies
Woman Who Got Into Zoo To Pet Tiger Is Fined
Woman Who Got Into Zoo To Pet Three-Legged Tiger Is Fined
9-year-old reporter breaks crime news, posts videos, fires back at critics
Bands Pull Out Of Anti-EU Music Festival After They Learn It's Anti-EU
Indian Mom Expected To Birth 1 Child, Popped Out 5 Instead
Touching a Robot's 'Intimate Parts' Makes People Uncomfortable
Cops, anti-gun groups warn against iPhone case shaped as gun
First Nation hopes to lure tourists to B.C. ghost town where Donald Trump's grandpa ran a brothel
As giant rats menace Pakistan, conspiracy theories swirl
9 year old girl reports on murder before actual news outlets.
Touching robots can turn humans on, study finds
National Poo Museum Opens in England
University of Maryland shirts at Walmart bear shape of Massachusetts
Revealed: the tycoons and world leaders who built secret UK property empires
Michigan school apologizes for allowing student to wear KKK costume in class project
Drunken, out-of-control Villanova fans set fires, assault a police horse, cops say
Tennessee Republican lawmakers move to make the Bible the official state book and the .50-caliber sniper rifle the official state rifle
Butlin's apologises for featuring 'Islamic Baddie' in wrestling event
Doncaster Rovers fans angry after One Direction's Louis Tomlinson wins fan contest to design kit
Man accused of firing gun in Billings, thought straight up was safest direction to shoot
TSA Paid IBM $336,413 For an App That Simply Points Left and Right
Doncaster Rovers defend competition after One Direction singer Louis Tomlinson wins online poll to design new away kit
Derbyshire 'fat' poster gym advert 'offensive'
If You're Looking For Somewhere To Stay During the Republican Convention, Look No Further Than Jeffrey Dahmer's House
Panama Papers fallout: Iceland's prime minister resigns
Ex-U.S. Tax Court Judge, Husband Indicted in Tax Evasion Case
Utah girl, 9, raped by four men on Easter while mom was smoking meth
The funding for the Panama Papers comes from western firms and corporations also hiding money for tax evasion.
Israeli army encourages 'sticky fingered' soldiers to return souvenir grenades
CERN Is Seeking Secrets of the Universe, or Maybe Opening the Portals of Hell
Student Accused of Violating Campus 'Safe Space' Policy After Raising Her Hands During a Meeting
9 out of 10 Trump voters think that their beliefs and values are under attack
Residents say they aren't racist, they just don't want new mosque
University of Edinburgh student Imogen Wilson breached 'safe space' rules for raising hand
Iceland PM resigns after stating one day before: "I will not resign"
After witch draws attention in New Orleans, lawmakers eye bill to create stiffer penalties for trafficking human remains
Tsa Paid $47k For An App That Just Displayed An Arrow
Taylor Swift Will Be The First To Receive The Taylor Swift Award
Bible Could Become An Official State Symbol, As Tennessee Approves Bill
Amy Schumer Slams Glamour Magazine for Including Her in 'Plus Size' Special Issue
Walmart pulls University of Maryland t-shirts with outline of Massachusetts
Oldest U.S. Senators Accused of Holding Biased Marijuana Hearing
WeWork's "WeLive" Apartments Will Let You Rent A Fold-Away Bed Behind A Curtain For $1,375
Bomb squad called out for strange device in Price
Cellphone thief tries to escape on subway tracks, gets hit by train
Croatian thieves pull off massive heist on country's police headquarters
Amy Schumer Calls Out Glamour for Featuring Her in 'Plus-Size' Issue
Ted Cruz Strolls Through a Castle of Cheese
Don't laugh: I have a serious reason for raising my cats gender-neutral
Long Form Truth: The Dig Abides
Amy Schumer to Glamour: I'm not plus-size
OPPO Announces The F1 Plus, A Super-Slim Phone With A 16MP Front Camera That Doesn't Look Anything Like An iPhone, No Sir It Doesn't
Cows that milk themselves? Farmers turn to high-tech for help
Cubs fans already missing torn-down McDonald's near Wrigley
Woman sues over accidental cremation
New Jersey has to rethink its budget because one guy moved
Council 'paints disabled bay around car' and issues £110 parking fine
Facebookers, Reddit CEO make $2.1 million marijuana investment
United Airlines flight attendant pulled emergency slide, walked away
In praise of the 90-year-old woman who shows you can wear a bikini at any age
Man faces life in prison for stealing $31 worth of candy bars
Who's the daddy? Paternity can now be verified by a simple test - but that doesn't mean it should be
Too-large bulge in crotch leads to airport arrest
Icelandic Spinach Is Not Spinach
How would you feel if a robot asked you to touch its buttocks?
Frenchman who hurled Camembert at Waitrose staff hunted by police after failing to appear at court
Church leader claims Nicola Sturgeon will 'break' Scotland's children and make them all transgender
Woman Who Commissioned "Ghost" Photos With Dead Daughter Now Charged With Girl's Murder
US Hospitals Prepare for Penis Transplants
University Admits Chocolate Milk Doesn't Alleviate Effects Of Concussions
Bing pays users to use Bing
Disneyland Paris worker is found dead in the theme park's Phantom Manor haunted house
Utah bomb squad called to suspicious device that turned out to be sex toy
B.C. woman says certain tattoos should be banned for nurses after nightmares from 'terrifying' skull
'Gangster Turkey' crashes into NJ home, terrorizes mom and kids
PayPal makes it official: North Carolina's anti-LGBTQ law will cost the state jobs
Taylor Swift to Receive First-Ever Taylor Swift Award From BMI
Sir Ian McKellen Has Sad News for Hobbit Fans: "There's No Sex in Middle Earth!"
Donald Trump outlines plan to get Mexico to pay for border wall
'Gangster turkey' crashes into N.J. home, terrorizes mom and kids
My first time drinking caffeine
New Antonin Scalia Law School Runs Into 'ASSoL' Acronym Problem
FL Hunters Tracked Down a Monster Gator That Was Eating Their Cows
Man found dead in Disneyland's haunted house
Taylor Swift Wins Taylor Swift Award
We Get Aroused By Touching Robots' Private Parts, Study Says
BDSM controversy could shut down Stellarton bed and breakfast
Black Lives Matter co-founder tweets about killing "men and white folks"
Blizzard to sue studio that's suing a studio that allegedly ripped off Dota 2
Father charged with leaving baby girl in car while getting lap dance
Taylor Swift to receive Taylor Swift award
Taylor Swift to receive first-ever Taylor Swift award
George Best £5 banknotes stolen in County Londonderry robbery
The 'Antonin Scalia School of Law' Has Been Renamed Due to Perfect, Unintentional Acronym
Oklahoma City woman punches off-duty deputy after salad bar incident
Woman Who Threw Vaseline at Maine Governor Town Hall Can Run
Uber passenger takes sleeping driver on high-speed chase: Cops
School staff member article slams diversity and sustainability
Bronx man arrested after leading cops on chase in Uber driver's car
Vaping Congressman accused of using campaign funds to buy videogames
United flight attendant leaves packed plane in Houston on emergency slide
Uber passenger takes the wheel, gets into police chase while driver sleeps
Sarah Palin Says She Will Sue Azealia Banks Over Twitter Comments as Rapper Issues Letter of Apology
George Mason University renames Antonin Scalia School of Law after acronym issue
United Airlines flight attendant costs company 'thousands' after going for a joy ride on the emergency slide
Furious French wine makers hijack Spanish tankers, pouring 90,000 bottles down the drain
Vaping Congressman accused of using campaign funds on $1300 worth of Steam games
This rapper is demanding that 'ignorant' Donald Trump stop using his hit song at rallies
GMU renames Antonin Scalia School of Law due to acronym
Congressman Spends $1300 Of Campaign Money On Steam Games
Trump to give series of policy speeches
People feel weird about touching robot butts, researchers find
Motorist fined as council paints disabled bay round car while he sleeps
George Mason Tinkers With Name of Scalia Law School to Avoid Awkward Acronym
George Mason tweaks name of Scalia law school to avoid 'Ass' acronym
GMU law school renaming after Antonin Scalia hits snag
Gwyneth Paltrow voluntarily gets stung by bees as part of 'ancient beauty treatment'
Letter: Iowa State is too politically correct
FEC questions Duncan Hunter's video game charges
In response to Microsofts "Tay" A.I. chat-bot: Researcher built an A.I. tool that rates the "Politeness" of your writing.
Thanks to math, we can calculate the benefits of human sacrifice
In response to Microsoft's corrupted "Tay" A.I. chat-bot: Researcher built an A.I. tool that rates the "Politeness" of your writing.
California Lawmaker Wants To Allow Supervised Heroin Use
Transgender Texas Man self-identifies as Dragon
Amy Schumer slams Glamour for including her in plus-size issue
Amy Schumer Slams Glamour Magazine for Including Her in 'Plus Size' Special Issue: 'Not Cool'
Amy Schumer Spars With Glamour Magazine Over Cover Mentioning her as "Plus Size"
In response to Microsoft's "Tay" chat-bot: Researchers build an A.I. tool with the purpose of grading the "Politeness" of your writing.
BMI to Honor Taylor Swift With First-Ever Taylor Swift Award at 64th Annual BMI Pop Awards
You can die of a broken heart, study indicates
George Mason Rebrands Rebranded Antonin Scalia School of Law Because of Unfortunate Acronym
Japan dessert firm offers 'apology' for 9-cent ice cream price hike
Robot Asks Volunteers to Touch Its Buttocks in Stanford Study
George Mason decides to not be 'ASSOL' with Scalia law school
Morbidly-obese mum who asked strangers to fund gastric bypass surgery defends luxury cruise holiday
Colombia's child welfare workers strike over starving children
/u/Shitty_watercolour tops the list of most powerful students in the UK
Trumps Hat gets attacked by puppy
Flight Attendant Deploys Emergency Slide For No Reason, Leaves Plane
Law School Renamed for Antonin Scalia Briefly Abbreviated "ASS Law"
Woman barred from Leeds McDonalds calls 999
'Anti-vax' mother's regret over whooping cough 'nightmare'
Elderly woman trapped in Texas library restroom for 36 hours
Transgender former banker, 55, has her ears and nose REMOVED to transform into a 'dragon lady' with scales, a forked tongue and a horned skull
Bad luck blamed for NAIA blackout
Congressman's Card Spends $1300 Of Campaign Money On Steam Games
Everyone mistook a priest for a KKK member last night
Ray Lewis Tears into Black Lives Matter for Ignoring 'Black Men Killing Black Men'
Russian Hackers Extend Working Hours to Please Customers
Petir Sambar Dua Pemain Club Malaysia sampai Terkapar | Sabungayam303.com
Why Would You Break In to the Bureau of Labor Statistics?
Police called in after cannabis smoking pensioner took fake gun lighter to church
Sarah Palin Threatens to Sue Azealia Banks Over Twitter Tirade
First world vegan misanthropes wish death on humanity feel guilty for not encouraging friends to kill themselves!
Hairstyle of young girls in good looking styles 2016
Man who named his children Adolf Hitler and Arian Nation claims unfair treatment
Argument over hermit crabs leads to shooting.
Argument about hermit crab leads to shooting, authorities say
George Mason decides ASSoL is bad acronym for Antonin Scalia law school
Just a reminder HMRC actually rents its HQ from a company registered in a tax haven
Bunbury police taser naked knife-wielding woman
Naked woman armed with knife tasered while pushing child in trolley
Polish women are trolling anti-abortion Prime Minister Beata Szydlo with updates on their periods
Foot and hand fetish scam leads to police warning in New Zealand
Taliban launches Android app, Google pulls it two days later
HMRC rents its HQ from a company registered in a tax haven
Some shell corporations aren't so bad.
China: Great Firewall Creator Blocked by His Own Firewall
Pro-vaping congressman takes heat after spending $1300 of campaign funds on Steam
Flight Attendant Deploys Emergency Slide For No Real Reason, Makes Hasty Exit
Pastor went to heaven and took pics to prove it
Nassau Police Prep for Donald Trump's LI Visit
Panglima Beram Dengar Dandim Makassar Diduga Pesta Sabu
Multiple agencies end search after missing hikers found busking downtown
Clinton-linked firm implicated in Panama Papers
US university in Scalia "ASSoL" law school acronym blunder
Adult colouring book craze prompts global pencil shortage
Kalpataru Immensa | Kolshet Road Thane | Rates| Location - 8451007309 / ...
How ancient horse-dung bacteria is helping our team locate where Hannibal crossed the Alps
Congressman Spent $1300 of Campaign Funds on Steam Games
Minister: UiTM's anti-Christianisation forums to explain IS, Syiah
Pope Francis to visit Lesbos to review refugee crisis
HMRC actually rents its headquarters from a company registered in a tax haven
Has the Loch Ness Monster moved to London?
Father who 'left crying baby in hot car to get lap dance' charged with child abuse in US
N. Korea sends propaganda leaflets, CDs to S. Korea
The Prime Minister of Iceland's wife called Richard Branson and bought a ticket to space
9-year-old reporter defends homicide coverage after backlash
Dominican Friar Confused for KKK Member at Indiana University
Butlin's are caught in 'race hate' row after holidaymakers are told to boo a wrestler called 'Hakeem' as he enters ring with Muslim flag to fight 'Tony Spitfire'
Nine-year-old reporter beats competition to murder story
Performer keeps singing after cobra bites her on stage, then dies
London's House Price Boom Means A Stratford Bedsit Costs More Than This Slice Of Paradise
Aussies reject $1000 of free money
Missing Hikers Found Busking After Huge N.C. Rescue Operation
US university in Scalia law school acronym blunder
Apt. complex using DNA to match dog to droppings
Woman rejects cash giveaway on Today show yet again
South Africans try to see funny side of Zuma crisis
The Architect of China's Great Firewall Was Himself Blocked by the Firewall
9 year old reporter breaks murder story before local news station
Dad who named kid Hitler is tired of being 'treated like garbage' (xpost r/NewJersey)
Hillary Clinton has had enough of Bernie Sanders
The architect of China's Great Firewall embarrassed after needing to use VPN in front of live audience
Researchers Are Dumpster Diving Outside the Large Hadron Collider
'Meet the Hitlers' documentary examines Hunterdon Nazi's life
Secret Jewish heritage converts neo-Nazi
Sex toy causes bomb scare in German gambling hall
George Mason University Renames Law School Due to Awkward Scalia Acronym
Naked man who stripped off in Oldham town centre is arrested in Wetherspoons - after putting his clothes back on
China restaurant sacks robot waiters
Toy company announces Chucky doll that can be possessed by murderer of your choice
The game is launching a line of weed lemonade
Sleepy Uber Driver Turns Keys Over to Passenger Who Then Gets Involved in Police Chase
Species Nonconforming: Double Trans Lizard Man Self-Identifies as Mythical Beast
Intoxicated woman calls 911 eight times after losing car, police say
US university to fix Antonin Scalia School of Law acronym blunder
Columbia Students Protest Over Ugly Sculpture
Flinders St #StopRacismNow campaigner racially abused, police say
Casino evacuated after Penis Ring causes Terror Alert
telecharger jeux pc gratuit
Dad who named kid Hitler is tired of being 'treated like garbage'
Missouri state senator: Expanding gay rights hurt Illinois' economy
Uber Driver Napped as His Passenger Led Highway Chase, Police Say
Plan For Antonin Scalia School Of Law Is Tweaked Over Unfortunate Acronym
Gang really take the biscuit after stealing £20,000 of Jammie Dodgers
Congressman questioned over spending $1300 in campagin funds on Steam
Great Firewall of China: Developer forced to set up VPN in public to bypass his own creation
Sudafed pills land Utah woman in Mexican jail
Forcing unemployed to do voluntary work unlikely to improve their mental health, research says
An Indiana State Police trooper faces a second lawsuit accusing him of preaching his faith to citizens while on duty
Black Lives Matter Co-Founder Prays to the Pagan Moon God Al-Lah and Asks For Strength Not To 'Cuss/Kill These White Men'
Congressman questioned over spending $1300 in campaign funds on Steam
Patriots fans sue NFL in effort to get first-round pick back
Taylor Swift to be Honored with the Taylor Swift Award
Iceland Prime Minister: "My wife did not book a trip into outer space"
Is that Iceland in Rhode Island's new tourism video?
Man jailed for making parody account of prominent local business man.
Nazi dad who named his kids Adolf and Aryan Nation claims he's just misunderstood
We Visit a Record Label Making Music for Dogs on Today's Episode of 'Daily VICE'
Guangzhou restaurant fires its robot staff for their incompetence
Florida man with Florida tattoo charged with burglary
Iceland's Prime Minister says his wife is not planning a space trip, accuses Richard Branson of lying
Feeling lonely? Get on that robo butt-touch!
Why China may cheer a Trump presidency and dread a Clinton one
Rare Rhino Dies Days After Her Rediscovery
Humans Need Not Apply
Sausage Spat Erupts as Daimler Shareholders Battle at Buffet
Is this Gap advert racist?
Motorist wakes up to find council has painted disabled bay around his car... and given him fine
Vibrating sex toy sparks bomb scare and evacuations in German town
Former tax court judge, husband indicted on fraud charges
Daimler calls police after shareholders fight it out over sausages
Congressman's campaign expenses show $1,300 spent on video games
Local activists ask North Charleston gang members to call them
U.N. Peacekeepers Accused of Raping Women and Children They Were Sent to Protect
Parents buy Echo Park billboard to reach children in Church of Scientology
Antonin Scalia School of Law quickly renamed due to unfortunate acronym
GMU Law School to become Antonin Scalia School of Law (ASSOL)
Transgender Woman Now Transitioning into a Dragon
Charity Shop Begs People to Stop Donating 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
Vibrating sex toy causes bomb scare in Germany
A Japanese ice cream maker deeply apologizes for raising prices by 9 cents
Man kills his friend in argument over Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo [X-post from r/soccer]
Florida suspect 'fled from police on hoverboard'
Feds Spend $548,459 Studying Male Students' 'Microaggressions' Towards Women
Penis Ring Sparks Bomb Alert In German Casino
Man killed by friend during argument over Messi, Ronaldo in Mumbai [X-post from r/soccer]
Calif. City Gives Young Men Money, Trips for Not Shooting Rivals
I'm from Climax, Minnesota, and I'm sick of your dumb jokes
Florida man attempts to flee on hoverboard
Russia's Communists Want Red Star Symbol Copyrighted
Wyoming recruits unemployed energy workers for prison jobs
New policy says Bossier City workers can drink and drive in moderation
Passenger chased flight attendant who refused to serve him cheese and crackers, court told
Mom Who Made Her Kids Walk to School Is Charged with Neglect
Florida hunters claim to kill 'monster' 800-pound alligator
Students suffer neck injuries during high school production of Sweeney Todd.
Yes, I'm a nine-year-old girl. But I'm still a serious reporter
Spain summons French ambassador over wine lorry attack
Teenage boys taken to hospital after receiving cuts to the neck during school performance of Sweeney Todd.
Brownie brouhaha: Feminists charge white men more for bake sale treats
Trump Vows to Sue Everyone in Wisconsin
Philly UberX Driver Gets Tired, Gives Keys to Passenger, Police Chase Ensues
Utah man poses as federal agent to get VIP pass to Comic Con, enters plea
Sarah Palin babbles audience to boredom
Today St. Vincent Corrected ClickHole, Figured Out What ClickHole Is, and Then Laughed At Herself
Wanted Iowa woman arrested after found hiding inside oven
Marathon runner takes break for burrito and beer
Perp Denies Ownership Of Crack Pipe In Her Vagina, Claims She Was Just Storing It For A Friend
Rakhi Sawant requests Modi to ban ceiling fans to stop suicide cases
Edward Snowden Mocks Cameron For Sudden Interest In Privacy After Panama Papers Leak
Snowden mocks British PM for terming Panama Papers leak 'private matter'
Billings low-speed police chase involved car with 3 tires
Cake pic mistaken for image of breast
Lawsuit challenging US no-fly list includes 4-year-old California boy
Six-Year-Old Assaults Nashville Elementary school Teacher
George Mason University initially named its law school the Antonin Scalia School of Law, or ASSoL.
Attorney Eric Conn arraigned on federal charges of fraud, money laundering
German Bomb Scare Actually a Sex Toy
White supremacist who named son 'Adolf Hitler' complains about being victimised
Dude WTF! Comcast hassled this guy for 18 minutes just to cancel his service, this can't be real.
ISIS video game encourages players to "Shoot Obama"
Donald Trump says he will sue everyone in Wisconsin
Dung clue to Hannibal's Alpine crossing
Bunch of whiny adult fans get 'Harry Potter' event for kids canceled
A reminder that HMRC actually rents its offices from a company registered in a tax haven
Senators held a hearing to remind you that 'good people don't smoke marijuana'
Mike Tyson doesn't know where UConn is located
German prosecutors have to decide whether a TV comedian's poem about the Turkish president was mere satire, or a punishable offense.
Donald Trump Sues Bill Maher for Calling Him the Son of an Orangutan
Daily Mail readers have lost their minds over "multicultural Thomas The Tank Engine" | The Poke
Crime Stoppers: Man punches woman 14 times, leaves man with brain injuries, on feeding tube
Cycle superhighway on Victoria Embankment 'being overrun with joggers'
Bomb squad find humming noise is a sex toy, not a bomb
McDonald's Says its Wage Hikes Are Improving Service
Edmonton bandit breaks into gym, just to work out
Woman arrested trying to hide from police inside oven
Antonin Scalia School of Law renamed due to awkward acronym - The acronym for the Antonin Scalia School of Law, as it turns out, ends up as ASSOL, or ASS Law.
Man is escorted from London-bound easyJet flight by armed police because another passenger 'didn't feel safe' with him on board
Wisconsin stripper, 29, Arrested For Biting Customer's Crotch During Lap Dance
Masked man shoots New Haven teen, teen says "Ouch"
Literally No One Can Figure Out How This Teen Ended Up With A 101.6 GPA
Spare parts off eBay keeping San Francisco Bay Area's transit fleet running
This Once Dangerous California City Gives Young Men Money, All-Expense-Paid Trips in Exchange for Not Shooting Their Rivals
Former Reps. Courser, Gamrat may sue Michigan House for lost wages, damage to reputations
Teacher arrested for bringing a gun to school
Single men protest in Turkish village, demand to get married
George Mason changes law school name to avoid awkward Antonin Scalia acronym
Producer recreates 'The Life of Pablo' without ever hearing it
Police: Woman rammed, tailgated, yelled 'ISIS' at driver in Va. road rage
Congressman's campaign funds spent on Steam
AC/DC's 'Thunderstruck' used in promising research on cancer drug delivery
New Mexico county spends $5K on a billboard to tell people it's "County Government Month"
Teacher arrested for carrying a gun at a middle school in Newtown, Conn.
House Republican accidentally tells the truth about voter ID
University bake sale ends in online rape, death threats
UQ bake sale ends in online rape, death threats
Unfortunate acronym leads to change in Antonin Scalia School of Law
Cool vape congressman narcs out son who spent $1,300 of campaign money on Steam
Humans Take Up Air Horns To Confront 'Gangster Turkeys'
Throat slitting scene too real at St Kentigern production of Sweeney Todd
San Clemente teen severely burns himself while cooking pasta, airlifted around rush hour traffic
Humans Get Aroused When Touching Robots, New Study Shows
Humans 'physiologically aroused' by touching robot's butt
Edmonton Addition Elle employee fired for using word 'fat'
The Vaping Congressman Spent Campaign Funds on Video Games Because He Is Reddit Incarnate
Congressional vaping bad boy accused of spending $1,300 in campaign funds on video games
Florida drugs suspect 'tried to flee police on hoverboard'
Autistic Pa. man who flashed track team can't stop exposing himself
DOMINICAN FRIAR AT INDIANA UNIVERSITY GETS MISTAKEN FOR KKK MEMBER
Klansman scare at Indiana University turns out to be Dominican friar
Indiana University Students Mistake Priest for KKK Member
Campus Panic: College Students Mistake Priest for KKK Member
Nine-year-old US reporter defiant after critics say 'go back to playing with dolls'
Décollage des fuseès REGARDEZ !
Police at top Auckland school after boys hospitalised with neck cuts on Sweeney Todd stage
Indiana has banned abortion if the fetus has Down Syndrome
Two private school students rushed to hospital after their NECKS were cut during a performance of horror opera Sweeney Todd
Does My Family Own a Painting Looted by Nazis?
Thousands of dollars worth of cheese stolen from Pueblo restaurant
Cruz: When I Attacked 'New York Values,' I Meant The Liberal Ones
Charlize Theron says it's hard out there for 'pretty people' like her in Hollywood
Daily Mail readers have lost their minds over "multicultural Thomas The Tank Engine"
Man breaks into gym, spurns Bon Jovi, eats snack, dons ladies' clothing
Japanese man cooks and serves his own genitals
California bill to fight fashion models' eating disorders advances
Judge Rules Against Kesha, Declares "Every Rape Is Not a Gender-Motivated Hate Crime."
Judge Rules Against Kesha: 'Every Rape Is Not A Gender-Motivated Hate Crime'
Ending child marriages will encourage teen sex
Man trapped in sewer trying to find cat
Wronged homeowners repossess bank
Polish coffin maker under fire for 'Ikea-style' flatpack model
Rapper 'Slim Jesus' Killed In Drive-By Shooting And Later "Crucified"
Guangzhou restaurant fires its robot staff for their incompetence: Shanghaiist
Tennessee House OKs bill allowing therapists to deny service
MP: Banning child marriages will see lustful girls engaging in casual sex
St. Olaf student protests sexual misconduct policy with a T-shirt
The CIA Helped Produce an Episode of 'Top Chef'
New Domino's app automatically orders a pizza when you or anyone else opens it
Domino's Now Offers 'Zero-Click Ordering'
Valentina Zambrotta Kurang Yakin Diri Miliki Badan Seksi | Indocasino303.com
Mum still breastfeeds daughter aged SIX and won't stop until she asks
Baby dies while parents on a 24-hour drinking binge
Police: Alleged child abuse victim found with octopus lodged in throat
Trump Will Become President, Says Extremely Accurate Statistician
Edmonton Addition Elle employee fired for using the word 'fat'
Judy Hopps, Hollywood Propaganda Prop
New Zealand students suffer neck cuts in Sweeney Todd show
German football team fights racism with 'blackface' photo
As planes leak frozen ice balls on MP, villagers believe wrath of god's descending - Times of India
Prostitution in France made legal under new laws, but paying for it ruled illegal
Mysterious Necrotic Skin Disease Continues To Eat Away At Baby's Face Weeks After Being Kissed By Ted Cruz
As planes leak frozen ice balls on MP, villagers believe wrath of god's descending
Real razor used, wrapped in duct tape in Sweeney Todd throat slitting accident
Pope Francis says the internet is a gift from God
What happens when a convicted murderer edits Wikipedia
Ivanka Trump's Chinese-Made Scarves Are Being Recalled - TIME
Margate carer danced naked around student
Wartawan Asing Kena "Semprot" Ahok ,Gara-gara Ikut Komentar | Masterbola303.com
Russian Communist Party Demands Copyright of Red Star Symbol
Candy theft could mean king-size sentence: 20 years to life
Touching a Robot's Private Parts Arouses Humans
Essay about Costco got a high-school senior into 5 Ivy League schools and Stanford
Student Gets Into 5 Ivies With College Essay About Love for Costco
NZ school students have necks cut on stage during performance of Sweeney Todd
FIFA's ethics judge just resigned after being named in the Panama Papers
Rampaging RADIOACTIVE wild boars causing havoc near Fukushima nuclear plant and 'breeding like rabbits'
New Zealand student's necks cut in Sweeney Todd production
Man forgets he bought $27 of Bitcoin, finds out it's now worth $886k
Pop Star Bitten By Cobra Sings On Before Dying
It Is Now Illegal to Pay for Sex in France
Hedgehog cafe opens in Tokyo to promote animals' softer side
Model in Gucci Ad Is Deemed 'Unhealthily Thin' by British Regulator
Actors impersonate dead relatives in new reality TV show
Thai police investigate Line stickers lampooning royal family
Granny mistakenly prays before statue of online game character
Yes, I'm a nine-year-old girl. But I'm still a serious reporter | Hilde Kate Lysiak | Opinion
Meet the male student who says he suffers periods when his female flatmate does
Here's the first trailer for the film in which Daniel Radcliffe plays a farting corpse
Entire KFC feast of fried chicken breasts and fries strewn across Cheltenham pavement this morning
Bavarian town finally strips Hitler of honorary citizenship
New Zealand pupils' throats cut for real in Sweeney Todd play mishap
Hitler is no longer honorary citizen of a Bavarian village
Sweeney Todd school musical called off after two boys' necks cut
After Nude Instagram Stunt Kim Kardashian Is Pornhub's Number 1 Ranked Porn Star This Month
Gang of biscuit thieves jailed for nicking £20,000 of Jammie Dodgers
Taking The Biscuit! Gang Jailed For Stealing £20,000 Of Jammie Dodgers
Thailand: McDonald's apologizes over rat sighting at Hat Yai outlet
Maryland board approves $5.6B Purple Line
Venezuelans get Fridays off for two months in emergency plan 'to save energy'
Five men have been jailed for stealing £20,000 worth of Jammie Dodgers
Venezuela decrees Fridays a holiday to ease energy crisis
Bad touch: Intimate robot interactions cause discomfort
Axe Attack Victim Uses Prosthetic Leg 'As Cannabis Bong
Mystery artist starts a campaign by drawing picture of Prime Minister of Pakistan holding a Penis and sucking money out of it in the recent wake of Panama Leaks calling for his resignation
Venezuela Declares Every Friday a Holiday to Save Electricity
In Bahrain, Kerry treads carefully on human rights
TIL: Bill Clinton was invited to tag polar bears in the Arctic with President Putin
Study: How touching robots 'intimately' sparks arousal
Utah teacher Brianne Altice defends relationship with teenage student
Teen Inventor Killed After Rocket-Powered Skateboard Explodes
Facebook 'dislike' scam warning
Indonesian performer bitten by cobra on stage, keeps singing for 45 minutes before she dies
Convicted Killer OK'd for Washington Retail Pot License
A 9-Year-Old Pennsylvania Reporter Told to Play With Dolls
Robbers press panic button instead of gate remote
Boys' Throats Cut In Sweeney Todd Show Mishap
Woman surgically removes ears and nose in attempt to look more like a dragon
Calling Husband a 'Fat Elephant' is Grounds for Divorce, Rules Delhi High Court
Octopus Removed From 2-Year-Old Kansas Boy's Throat
Study finds money can buy you happiness
Bankrupt 50 Cent ordered by judge to start acting broke
Laurel Canyon Animal Company, is a record label making music for dogs, by dogs.
Parents called 911 to help suicidal daughter - and 'police ended up putting a bullet in her'
People who correct your typos are probably jerks
Azerbaijan Blasts Kim Kardashian
Sweeney Todd school play takes 'realistic' too far leaving two boys hospitalised with neck cuts
Compulsive hoarder crushed to death under huge trash pile
New Orleans Man Faces 20 Years To Life For Candy Bar Theft
One-legged ned smokes weed from Buckfast bottle bong lit inside his artificial limb.. and boasts about it on Facebook
Sausage buffet bust-up mars Daimler AGM
Two Daimler Shareholders Fight Over Sausage At Company Meeting
FIFA ethics judge who helped ban Sepp Blatter for financial misconduct is now under investigation by his own colleagues after he was named in the Panama Papers
Dog poop subject to DNA testing at high-end apartment complex
148 YEARS LATER, IT'S LEGAL FOR UNWED FLORIDA COUPLES TO LIVE TOGETHER
Belfast rioter who tagged himself gets a two-year sentence
Transgender Man Has Ears and Nose Removed to Become Dragon Lady
Father who put 'Hot Diggidy Dog Hot Sauce' on his baby son's bottom to relieve his constipation is jailed after inflicting severe chemical burns
German police summoned to 'stop sausage fight' at Mercedes shareholder meeting
Shareholders of Mercedes Parent Company Daimler Fight Over Sausages
Ants to ensure a future for organic apples
Ohio track and field officials worry blank shortage could silence starts
Student killed by rocket powered skateboard.
Rob Zombie Reveals Album Cover for 'The Electric Warlock Acid Witch Satanic Orgy Celebration Dispenser'
George Mason University Renames Law School After Scalia, Realizes Accronym Might Not Work Out...
Defecation on Lawn Leads to Double Stabbing in California
Daimler AGM dogged by frankfurter fracas
Dead man squawking: Sean Penn joins Angry Birds movie
NJ Man Complains He Was Kicked Off Flight for Being Overweight
Police called to Daimler's AGM after fight erupts among shareholders over free sausages
Janet Jackson Postpones 'Unbreakable' Tour Again, Citing Family
Day Around The Bay: 'New Homes In San Francisco From The Low $1,000,000s'
Cockroach-eating competition man 'choked to death'
Uber Driver Napped as His Passenger Led Highway Chase
Premier League players 'underperform because of worries over poker losses on team bus'
Lisa Whelchel talks faith, 'can't guarantee Jesus would have been a Republican'
Air India Pilot Kept Flight Waiting For Hours So That A Woman Co-Pilot Could Fly With Him #WTF
Court hears case of teen who sent beau texts urging suicide
Police: Octopus found in boy's throat; man arrested
IBM Wants to Implant Fake Brains in Real Brains to Prevent Seizures
This Is What The Cast Of 'The Nanny' Looks Like Now
Sex offender playing Easter bunny at mall arrested
Sam Hinkie resigns as 76ers general manager by penning a 13-page letter
'The most miserable country in the world' is taking Fridays off for the next 2 months
Kent care home worker 'filmed dancing naked around disabled man'
Rub and tug opens up shop next to preschool. Not a happy ending.
Law school professors say posting 'All Lives Matter' flier was an 'incident of intolerance'
Motel owner secretly watched guests have sex for 29 years
'Shacking up' now legal in Florida
People are horrified that Facebook's hidden inbox is hiding incredibly important messages
Vaping congressman accused of using campaign funds on Steam games
Musician Invents a Trombone That Shoots Flames Out Of It
Teen actors' necks slit in school production of 'Sweeney Todd'
Santa Barbara Confederate party at a cemetery in Brazil!
Teen actors' necks cut in in school production of 'Sweeney Todd' @CNN
Clinton struggles to get through subway entrance
Reports: Russian U18 hockey team replaced after failed drug tests
Judge sends himself to the cells to deal with a noisy prisoner who interrupted his trial
After scary wreck, math/trivia expert needs car, job
Atheist Law Student Hacked to Death in Bangladesh
Parents could be arrested for walking their kids to school
New York Tax Return Preparation Business Owner Sentenced to Prison for Preparing False Tax Returns
Eco-friendly Portland baffled to discover an artisanal industry is polluting its air
In Switzerland, a handshake wakes cultural clash
VOA SPECIAL ENGLISH 2015, VOA LEARNING ENGLISH 2015, VOA LEARNING ENGLISH COMPILATION PART 2
Teen actors' necks slit in school production of 'Sweeny Todd'
Fans Want Patriots' Draft Pick Restored And Sue NFL To Make It Happen
France: Prostitution legal, paying for sex illegal
Columbia students oppose installation of 'hideous' Henry Moore sculpture
Indonesian pop star dies after being bitten by cobra on stage
Students triggered: "KKK member" turns out to be a priest, "whip" is rosary beads
Monster Munch wins World Cup of Crisps crunch match - but is it a crisp?
Pilot refuses to fly without favourite female co-pilot, keep passengers waiting for 2 hours
Minneapolis woman honks at driver, gets shot four times
Shawne Merriman sues teddy bear company
Shawne Merriman Sues A Teddy Bear Company
Naked Brothers Band star Alex Wolff to play young Boston bomber in Patriots Day
John Kasich eats lunch at Bronx deli with 'Hillary Clinton' sandwich, demands his own custom namesake dish
Doctors remove 18-inch cassava from man who carved it like a penis and used it as a sex toy
School's new policy bans parents from walking children to school
Anti-gay group tells supporters to boycott PayPal... can you guess what they use to take donations?
Ernie Els 7-putts from 6 feet to start the Masters with a sextuple bogey
Kasich goes on eating spree in the Bronx
Ernie Els makes 10 on first hole thanks to seven putts
Rob Zombie Announces The Electric Warlock Acid Witch Satanic Orgy Celebration Dispenser
France bans buying sex, not selling it
Open app, get pizza: Domino's unleashes 'zero-click ordering'
Kansas Toddler Found with Octopus Lodged in His Throat, Mother's Boyfriend Arrested
Euro Truck Simulator 2 прохождение #8
Anti-LGBT group condemns PayPal, takes donations via PayPal
As Uber driver naps, passenger leads high-speed chase
Venezuela Makes Every Friday a Holiday to Save Electricity
New Zealand school's Sweeney Todd ends with 2 boys in hospital with slit throats
Pop singer bitten by cobra on stage, keeps singing for 45 minutes before collapsing and dying: reports
Uber driver napped as passenger led Highway Chase
Daimler Sausage-fest Goes Sour After Shareholder Takes Extra Saitenwürschtle
Parents Furious Over 'Privilege' Quiz
After 148 years, shacking up is legal again in Florida
School officer on leave after video shows him body-slamming 12-year-old girl
Hey kids, how much privilege do you have? Quiz riles Florida parents
Warwick University investigates 'racist banana' incident in student halls
NYPD Will Crush Seized Dirt Bikes on TV as Part of Crackdown, Mayor Says
Morgan Stanley: People Might Be Worried About Subprime Auto Bonds Because of the 'Big Short' Movie
'Rage Yoga' encourages posing while cursing, drinking, and listening to metal
Hillary Clinton rides the subway, New Yorkers unfazed
New Jersey Town Tormented by 'Gangster Turkeys'
NYC Council passes bill to crack down on Elmos in Times Square
China's Great Firewall inventor forced to use VPN live on stage to dodge his own creation
A Silver Lining In The Panama Papers
Kasich Feeling "So Alive" in New York City
VW managers 'refuse to forego bonuses'
Pakistani bride 'is strangled to death by husband after he finds she is not a virgin'
Bomani Jones Wears Shirt
Rioter who tagged himself on social media jailed
Cops: Woman shoots cheating husband, bullet lodges in his testicles
Driver charged for buckling up beer instead of children
I never did find out what Sweden thinks of Weezer's White album...
Furry orgy breaks out at 'Zootopia' premier.
Man caught trying to get into Brighton nightclub with drugs
Principal Wants to Arrest Parents Who Let Their Children Walk to School
Hillary Clinton could win the e-cig vote
Two high school students taken to hospital following throat slitting scene in Sweeney Todd school play
Octopus found in 2-year-old boy's throat; man arrested
Legalization removed from Vt. pot legalization bill
Octopus Removed From 2-Year-Old's Throat; Man Arrested on Suspicion of Child Abuse in Kansas
Tax havens are cog in global economy, say defenders
IRS now allows you to pay your taxes at 7-Eleven
Camille Paglia: Feminists have abortion wrong, Trump and Hillary miscues highlight a frozen national debate
Kids' project makes waves
New Zealand school faces safety investigation over Sweeney Todd throat slitting accidents
Octopus removed from 2-year-old's throat; child abuse charges filed
Homeowners better at saving - bank research
Vladimir Putin Says Allegations in Panama Papers Are an American Plot
Parents Threatened With Trespassing Charges For Picking Up Kids From School
Man has re-constructive surgery on his intestines after carving an 18-inch yuca plant into the shape of a penis and using it as a sex toy
Compulsive hoarder crushed to death under mound of rubbish
Glenn Beck: U.S. In Chaos Because Americans Are Worshipping Baal and Moloch
High School Production of Sweeney Todd Turns Bloody
Vampire Weekend "Refused to Capitalize on Weezer's Misfortune" by Replacing Them on Shrek Soundtrack.
The Gun Emoji Just Landed a Guy in Jail
Policeman suspended for abusing woman judge
Police: Kansas boy found with octopus in throat improves
School Production of Sweeney Todd Turns Dangerous
Wild police pursuit in rain includes 'doughnuts' on the 101, hugs and a TMZ tour bus
Living in a Pod in a San Francisco Living Room
PETA Says Eating Chicken Makes Your Penis Small
Wanted child sex abuse suspect checks into hospital under false name, dies
Ivanka Trump's Chinese-made scarves recalled because they're incredibly flammable
RISK ASSESSMENT / SECURITY & HACKTIVISM Nation-wide radio station hack airs hours of vulgar "furry sex" ramblings
Teacher who had sex with student said his grades improved
PETA (the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) Says Eating Chicken Will Give Your Kid a Tiny Dick
Ray Lewis Blasts Black Lives Matter Over Silence On Black-On-Black Crime
Excedrin 'Migraine Experience' lets non-sufferers 'see' what debilitating headaches feel like
Kansas man faces child abuse charges after octopus found in toddler's throat
Motel Owner Wants to Be Seen as 'Sex Researcher' After Secretly Watching Guests Have Sex for 30 Years
Nation-wide radio station hack airs hours of vulgar "furry sex" ramblings
Former US banker surgically removes ears and nose to resemble a 'human dragon'
The Next President of the Philippines Could Be 'the Punisher'
Escapee from Washington state mental hospital described as 'scary and dangerous
Anti-vaxxer refuses to vaccinate dog. (x-post from /r/skeptic)
Gym ad claims aliens will 'take the fat ones first'
Woman found dead near mountain likely fell
After Anal Rape, Left Wing Activist Felt 'Guilt And Responsibility' His Migrant Attacker Was Deported
Chinese women are using iPhone 6s to prove they have skinny legs on social media
Car does 'doughnuts' in Hollywood during high speed chase
WHITE NATIONALISTS LAUNCH TRUMP "HOTLINE" TO HELP TRUMP SUPPORTERS WHO'VE BEEN "TRAUMATIZED"
Hedgehog cafe opens in Japan
Obama: I could have nominated a black lesbian
New Jersey Homeowner May Face Jail for Flying Trump Campaign Flag
Radioactive wild boars rampaging around Fukushima nuclear site
Restaurant Fires Robot Waiters After Learning They Can't Even Pour Water
Caitlyn Jenner shows off her new lipstick for every sex.
From chunk to hunk -- obese dog loses half his body weight
Student actors' throats cut by prop razor during 'Sweeney Todd'
Clinton team blasts reporters with noise machine during Hillary fundraising speech
India censors ridiculed over 'scary' Jungle Book rating
Clinton campaign chair: 'The American people can handle the truth' on UFOs
Disgraced former FIFA boss Sepp Blatter to serve on panel on how to fix FIFA
Woman Loses Eye From Glitter
Blind Husband Files for Divorce After Learning His Wife is Black
Child marriages will end premarital sex, claims PAS MP
Transgender Dad, 52, Living as a 6-Year-Old Girl - Abandons Wife & 7 Kids!!
Judge Who Compared Abortion To Holocaust, Said "Queers" Deserve AIDS, Elected To Wisconsin Supreme Court
52 Year Old Man Abandons Wife And 7 Kids To Live As 6 Year Old Little Girl
Mother says sex with her son is 'incredible' as she reveals they're planning marriage and trying for baby
Kansas Man Arrested After Doctors Remove Octopus From 2-Year-Old Boy's Throat
Simon & Garfunkel's 'Sound of Silence' Hits Hot Rock Songs Top 10, Thanks to 'Sad Affleck'
Driver 'used seatbelt for beer carton, not children
Gareth Bale Pantang Menyerah 'Real Madrid Mampu Membalikkan Kondisi' | Masterbola303.com
School musical throat-slitting scene goes horribly wrong
Norwegian feminist politician raped by asylum seeker, says he feels guilty that his attacker will now be deported.
Clinton Campaign Uses Noise Machine To Block Reporters From Hearing Fundraiser Speech
Missouri City Bans Edible Plants From Front Yards
Norwegian feminist politician raped by asylum seeker, says he feels guilty that his attacker was deported.
'Everything is flowing nicely': Women are calling Indiana's governor to tell him about their periods
California man rescued by helicopter after clifftop marriage proposal
Man scales cliff to propose to girlfriend, needs helicopter rescue
Daimler shareholders fight over free sausages
Flight Attendant Deploys Emergency Shute; Slides Down
Police called in to end sausage fight at Mercedes shareholder meeting
Cuddly toy missing after being launched to edge of space
HMRC (Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs) Actually Rents Its Offices From A Company Registered In A Tax Haven
Paris court rules it's OK to call a male hairdresser a 'faggot'
Menatap GP China "Rio Haryanto Enggan Berkomitmen" 303agent.com ~ sabung Ayam
ROAM-e có giá 349 USD nhưng camera chỉ có 5 chấm
Texas and California Have Too Much Renewable Energy
Ted Cruz on the Cover of TIME
Obama defends choice of white male jurist for Supreme Court
WA Police charge driver after finding child unrestrained in car but beer secure in seatbelt
Man who used seatbelts for beer instead of children charged by Broome police
Gang jailed for stealing £20,000 worth of Jammie Dodgers
'Daring' cliff face marriage proposal ends in emergency rescue
John McCain's claim he has 'nothing to do with' the McCain Institute
Punk Clears Out Pit to Make Room for Crossing Ducklings
People Who Get Bothered By Grammatical Errors Online Are Jerks, Study Finds
Russian Communist Party Embraces Ownership, Demands Copyright Over Red Star Symbol
'Large Hardon Collider': BBC News covers Higgs boson reboot with a smutty spelling gaffe
Jammie Dodger biscuit gang jailed for 11 years
Indonesian singer performing with king cobra dies after being bitten onstage
Tax avoidance is an expression of basic British freedoms
Gay slur aiker at hairdresser 'not homophobic'- French ruling
Gay slur aimed at hairdresser 'not homophobic' - French ruling
Woman Buried Alive By Boyfriend After Witch Doctor Told Him It'll Make Him Rich
Genius Asian Egg Donor Needed - $20,000 Compensation
Elderly Woman Mistakenly Prays to League of Legends Character
Sad Affleck meme correlated with sharp increase in "The Sound of Silence" sales
Stylish Modern Office Furniture Suppliers in Dubai
Organic Farm Denies Use of Dihydrogen Monoxide
'Great white shark' turns on 'annoying' jet skiers off Fraser Island
A man who smeared hot sauce on his newborn baby's bottom has been jailed for three years for child cruelty.
Florida Men Kill What May or May Not Have Been a Dinosaur
London could be getting a wooden skyscraper
Banned driver is jailed after being spotted driving to court to be punished for driving while already disqualified.
Americans Can Now Pay Their Taxes at 7-Eleven
Ukrainian Media Mistakes Down Syndrome Awareness Ribbon for Its Flag
In divided London, trendy cereal cafe targeted by protesters
German comedian could face jail for insulting Erdogan
Robot Waiters Fired for Incompetence in China
'Glory to Ukraine?' Major gaffe as Ukrainians confuse Down syndrome ribbon with national flag
UFC legend Georges St-Pierre hosts new TV show about his true passion, Dinosaurs
Female police officers subjected to 'attractiveness' inspections in Mexico
Бинарные опционы стратегия для новичков. IQ option реальная торговля
House of Cards trolls David Cameron over offset fund administration
Man accused of killing horse tells judge he is presidential candidate, FBI agent
Indonesian pop star Irma Bule routinely danced with snakes as part of her performance, was fatally bitten by a king cobra after stepping on it. But the singer refused an antidote,[later at] a nearby hospital where she was confirmed to have died.
Mother who gave up son for adoption now 'plans to marry and have kids with him'
26 year old man who fathered 14 children says he couldn't complete his community service because of a sore back
Mother Kim West Falls In Love With Biological Son, Plans Marriage And Babies
Australian news crew arrested for attempting to kidnap children on camera.
Slur against gay hairdresser not homophobic, French court rules. Employment tribunal concludes 'PD' term is not homophobic because hair salons regularly employ gay people.
Pizza Police? Woman Calls 911 Over Botched Pizza Order
Slur against gay hairdresser not homophobic, French court rules
Woman takes Uber to fistfight with Twitter nemesis, gets her a** kicked, takes Uber home
World Shameless Dad, 26, With 14 Kids Can't Do Community Service Due To 'Sore Back'
We analyzed the names of almost every Chinese restaurant in America. This is what we learned
Rage Yoga - swearing is encouraged, booze is allowed and heavy metal is a must (Metallica and Black Sabbath in particular)
Stop Trying to Have Sex with Your Professional Cuddler
'Sesame Street' Unveils Hijab-Clad Muppet: 'Zari' Is A Feminist From Afghanistan
Indonesian Singer Continues Performing Despite Cobra Bite, Dies Shortly After
Girl Ejected From McDonald's For Using Women's Toilets As Staff 'Thought She Was Male'
Disney's Jungle Book remake branded 'too scary for kids' by Indian censor
Shameless Dad, 26, With 14 Kids Can't Do Community Service Due To 'Sore Back'
Steve Wynn: 'Nobody likes being around poor people'
You Can Now Speak to a Random Swedish Person on the Phone
Instagram account publicly shames bad in-flight passengers
"faggot" is not homophobic - French ruling - BBC News
Argentine Panamá ambassador openly promotes regular flights to Panama to "do biz"
A Paris tribunal has ruled that calling a male hairdresser a "faggot" is not homophobic - "because hair salons regularly employ gay people".
Video Shows Alligator Tossed Into Wendy's Drive-thru
German comedian Jan Böhmermann could face prison for 'smear poem' against Turkish President Erdogan
English Democrats leader Steven Uncles delays trial alleging election fraud - because be will be running for Kent Police and Crime Commissioner
Video Shows Alligator Tossed Into Wendy's
'Sesame Street' Unveils Hijab-Clad Muppet: 'Zari' Is A Feminist From Afghanistan - Breitbart
'No Big Deal', Says Mum Of Dead Baby
Windham man spins tires in the mud so much his vehicle explodes
Obama: Abandon all hope if GOP doesn't change
free brazzers realitykings mofos passords
English Democrats leader Steven Uncles delays trial alleging election fraud - because he will be running for Kent Police and Crime Commissioner
Kasich: Trump Would Spend His First 100 Days as President Looking for the White House Bathrooms
Texas town Bowie unveils world's largest bowie knife
Cops: Man sets up fake DUI checkpoint, gets charged with DUI
Property-hating Russian Communists seek to copyright red star symbol
4-Year-Old Alameda County Boy On Terrorist Watchlist
Air India pilot refuses to fly without his favourite female co-pilot alongside him.
China's Gays and Lesbians Vow Not to Marry Heterosexuals
Man Arrested After Doctors Remove Octopus From 2-Year-Old Boy's Throat in Wichita, Kansas
Mom Unleashes Fury After Spanish Teacher Sends Children Home With This 'Privilege' Assignment
Brewers reliever Will Smith tears knee ligament while taking shoe off
Air India pilot insists for particular woman co-pilot, keeps 110 passengers waiting for over two hours
Steam Addict Steals Almost $2,500 from Debilitated Mother to Feed Gaming Habit
'Jews vs. Nazis' beer pong: It's what kids at this N.J. high school are playing
Naked man watering his lawn arrested after confronting deputies with 8 inch knife
Inmates charged with murder, rape released by Orleans judge Friday for lack of money to defend them.
Nobody likes being around poor people: Casino CEO
Teacher who had sexual relationship with student said his grades improved
Students' Throats Sliced During Sweeney Todd School Musical
Parents complain after teacher hands out 'privilege' survey
Texas town Bowie says it has world's largest knife
Donald Trump makes Mexican mask factory great again
Sweden's tourism board launches Dial-A-Swede hotline
Twitter Falls In Love With Japanese Text Book's Super-Kawaii English Teacher
Will Smith tears knee ligament taking off shoe
Man Strips Naked, Exposes Anus To Construction Worker
The CIA just invested in a skincare line that is named after James Bond's technology designer and collects your DNA
Man Rescued From Cliff After Proposal Gone Awry
Woman spotted praying to 'League of Legends' statue in China
Google to remove Taliban app from Play Store
Man critically injured in Denver jet pack demo
Nicolas Cage, Vince Neil fight on the Las Vegas strip
Students play 'Jews vs. Nazis' beer pong; one side has a swastika, the other a Star of David
Group Drumming Better Than Prozac, Study Suggests
Georgetown discovers lawyers may not want an ASSOL diploma.
Forbes Site, After Begging You Turn Off Adblocker, Serves Up A Steaming Pile Of Malware 'Ads'
Preschoolers make cards for UNC basketball team after loss to Villanova
Driver charged for putting seatbelt on beer instead of children
Antolin Scalia School of Law (ASSOL) renamed due to unfortunate acronym.
Indonesian pop star Irma Bule danced with snakes as part of her performance, reportedly stood on the snake's tail, causing it to bite her on the thigh. Bule refused an offer of antidote, she collapsed on stage vomiting and suffering seizures and was taken to hospital, where she died.
Ex-Navy SEAL who says he killed bin Laden charged with DUI
Sorority Cancels Kentucky Derby Party Because Theme is Offensive
Want To Be Black Without The Burden? "Dark Chocolate" Spray Tans Are Now A Thing.
Radioactive Boar Are Thriving And Causing Havoc Near The Fukushima Power Plant
'Antonin Scalia School of Law' (ASSOL) Renamed
Two teens accidentally get throats cut during New Zealand high-school performance of Sweeney Todd
20,000 lesbians in the desert: welcome to the Dinah, a world without men
Driver Buckles Up Cases of Beer, But Not 3 Kids
New Jersey man faces jail for refusing to take down Trump flag
3 castaways rescued after spelling 'help' with palm leaves on remote island
Vince Neil Fights Nicolas Cage At A Vegas Hotel
Indiana state trooper fired after asking drivers he pulled over if they had been saved by Jesus Christ
Donald Trump Finds Support in Reddit's Unruly Corners
Nicolas Cage gets in physical fight with Mötley Crüe vet Vince Neil
Sweden just gave out its phone number to the entire planet
Surgeons remove 18 inch yucca root from man's bottom 'after he uses it as sex aid'
Dogs taught to fly a plane for British television show
Vince Neil brawls with Nicolas Cage at Las Vegas hotel after Mötley Crüe frontman allegedly grabs woman's hair
Dear Abby: I want to stuff my husband when he dies.
China Newspaper Calls 'Zootopia' American Propaganda
Navy Seal who claims to have killed Osama bin Laden charged with drink driving
Video Shows Texas School Officer Body-Slamming 12-Year-Old Girl
Man who scaled cliff to propose to girlfriend has to be rescued
Vince Neil Fights Nic Cage After Allegedly Attacking Woman
Google under fire over 'racist' image search results for 'unprofessional hair'
Question over new job sparks sword fight between roomates
California City Gives Young Gang Members Money And All-Expense-Paid Trips In Exchange For Not Shooting Their Rivals!
Singer performing on stage with king cobra dies after it bites her.
Drunk guy makes fake DUI checkpoint, gets charged with DUI
Anti-Marijuana Politician Charged With Possession of Marijuana
More Than One Medical Student At UVA Believes Black People Don't Feel Pain
Simon & Garfunkel's song 'Sound of Silence' is number 6 on Billboard's Hot Rock songs because of the Sad Affleck Video
Indiana State Trooper Is Fired for Proselytizing During Traffic Stops
Gang members in Richmond are being paid $1,300 a month to stop shooting each other and even get to go on all expenses paid trips to New York (if they travel with a rival)
Conservative MP 'Calls For Ban On Curtains'
Australian man charged for buckling up beer instead of children
Being vegan 'can attract aliens', President Eisenhower's descendant warns
Forget Anti-Zionism. Is 'Alcoholocaust' Anti-Semitic?
Instead of a parade, Glendale honored its veterans with affordable housing
Israel rejects 20% increase in US aid as compensation for Iran deal
John Kasich says Monday after Super Bowl should be national holiday
Artist Imagines What Donald Trump Looks Like Naked And It Ain't Pretty (NSFW)
Eating Chicken Can Make Your Kid's Dick Small
PETA's New Ad Says Eating Chicken Will Make Your Kid's Penis Small
Romantic cliffside proposal ends with a helicopter rescue - and a meth arrest
Lindsey Graham wants his jacket back | TheHill
Man Who Scaled Cliff to Propose Arrested for Drugs
Driver charged for buckling up beer instead of children - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
Norwegian socialist politician raped by Somali migrant 'feels guilty' for his rapist's deportation
Test reveals archbishop's real father
Simon & Garfunkel's Sound of Silence Climbs Charts Thanks to 'Sad Affleck' Video
X-post from r/news Octopus removed from toddler's throat, mother's boyfriend facing charges
Norwegian Politician Raped By Somali Migrant; Feels Guilty For Subsequent Deportation
Mother and son reunite, fall in love
esame Street unveiled a fresh face Thursday: a hijab-wearing Afghani Muppet named Zari who will teach kids about "girl empowerment, social and emotional wellbeing."
Nicolas Cage and Mötley Crüe Singer Brawl in Las Vegas
Donald Trump stole and photoshopped a cartoon from Middle East Eye
Dial this number, chat with a random Swede
Man arrested at Bruins game for allegedly chucking octopus onto ice
Kansas toddler hospitalized after small octopus lodged in throat
Police: Boy Found With Octopus in Throat Now out of Hospital
New Michael Jackson statue unveiled in Chennai
Man who took selfie surrounded by flames pleads guilty to setting King Fire
Fla. gov. releases attack ad against woman who called him an 'a--hole'
Man shoots off his own penis taking selfies with gun. When asked what's next? He said: "I'm moving to Florida to get away from it all."
PETA Says Eating Chicken Will Give Your Kid a Tiny Dick
A Game of 'Jews v. Nazis' Beer Pong Riles Princeton High - and the ADL
Female police face 'attractiveness' inspections in Mexico
PETA claims eating chicken will make your child's penis small
Accused Kalamazoo gunman told police the Uber app 'took over his mind'
Meditation school adopts new mantra amid mayhem
Gov. Scott releases ad attacking woman who attacked him at Starbucks
Your Child's Penis Will be Small if You Eat Chicken, PETA Claims
One Day After The Panama Papers Were Leaked, IRS Headquarters Closes Then Catches Fire
Study attempts to find why so many people hate Nickelback - News - Alternative Press
Family finds squatter living in their home, she refuses to leave
9-Year-Old Called for Jury Duty for Second Time
Anti-immigrant/muslim party complains about discrimination
Tampa teacher disciplined over 'privilege' form
[Video] Clinton Campaign Turned On Static Noise Machine So Reporters Couldn't Hear What She Was Telling Donors At A Fundraiser
Indonesian Singer Dies After Onstage Venomous Snake Attack
Pop star bitten by cobra on stage, keeps singing, dies
Florida's First Lady Apologizes for Reading About Miami Prostitutes to Fifth-Grade Class
Man Beats Girl Who Refused to Smell His Armpits: Cops
Man unconscious after attacking a fire truck
How to stop lustful teenagers from having premarital sex? Legalise child marriages says Malaysian MP
King of the road: The African monarch who works as a German mechanic (when he's not ruling his people via Skype)
Kirstie Alley endorses Trump
New Scandal RACKS! Burger King to its corporate core.
Provolone poacher takes $2k worth of cheese from Colorado eatery
Anti-circumcision protests are a bizarre stunt, say Jewish campaigners
Provolone poacher takes $2K in cheese from Colorado eatery
Scrotie Responds to Hands-on Attention
Tennessee makes Bible the state's official book
Deputies: Orange County man killed with ax in fight over beer, lottery tickets
My grandma's a pain. Do we have to bring her on our dream Iceland trip?
Court Rules Rape Victim Pays Child Support
Rick Scott Releases Attack Ad On Starbucks Woman Who Called Him An 'Asshole'
Gov. Rick Scott fires back at woman who yelled at him at Starbucks
Bir Dari Bakteri Miss V Model Elegan, Penuhi Fantasi Sex | Indotogel303.com
Police 'stop sausage fight' at Daimler shareholder meeting
World record toppled for largest human-mattress dominoes
California wildfire 'selfie' arsonist get 20 years, $60 million fine
Father arrested after 1-year-old son tests positive for meth
Mom Arrested for Letting Kids Walk to McDonald's Around the Corner
Student Applies Super Glue to Toilet Seat at School for April Fools' Prank - Check Out the List of Charges He Faces Now
Circumcision protest group demonstrates in Springfield MO
Circumcision protest group demonstrates in Springfield
Man Arrested for Keeping Freddy Got Fingered VHS -- Vulture
Human sacrifice helped ancient societies entrench class divide, study suggests
Periods As Protest: Indiana Women Call Governor To Talk About Menstrual Cycles
Archbishop of Canterbury learns real father was Churchill's private secretary
L.A. council OKs law limiting homeless people's belongings to what can fit in a trash bin
Woman raising her cats as gender-neutral explains why
Massive online audience captivated by lengthy attempt to explode watermelon
An Army Of Backpack-Wearing Pigeons Will Solve London's Pollution Crisis
Florida Governor Rick Scott records and releases attack ad aimed at private citizen who criticised him in Starbucks
WNI "Miming Listiyani" ditemukan tewas bersimbah di Australia ~ sabung Ayam
He's a mechanic in Germany and a king in Africa
104 taken to hospital for acute alcohol intoxication during Tokyo 'hanami' [Cherry Blossom Viewing] season
'Suicide drone' reportedly used during skirmishes between Azerbaijan and Armenia
Police charge driver after finding child unrestrained in car but beer secure in seatbelt
Americans lucked out in 'Panama Papers' scandal: Founder didn't like taking U.S. clients
Man jailed after tagging himself in Facebook photos of him taking part in a riot
ANGEL - The new single by Taher Shah [Pakistan]
Police act after 'debt collectors beat up family and sexually assault mother'
Prank Caller Convinces Coon Rapids Burger King Employees to Smash Windows
Man gets cup from Starbucks with 'Diabetes here I come' written on the label
Disney pressed a scientific journal to pull a study it funded
Elderly woman prays to League of Legends character
Pathankot attack was staged by India, says Pakistan probe team
Rocket League will now be used to teach kids important life lessons
Two men jailed after cannabis factory found opposite police station
PlanPhilly | What's this SEPTA bus stop doing on the roof of 1529 Walnut?
Sex toy in trash prompts evacuation of German gambling hall
Congressman blames son for spending $1,300 in campaign funds on Steam games
Christie eases gun rules, says N.J.'s restrictions have led to tragedy
"China" and "Restaurant" Most Common Words Used in Names of Chinese Restaurants, Study Finds
Federal Judge Rules Skim Milk Isn't 'Skim Milk'
Prank caller convinces Burger King employees to break windows to relieve pressure inside building
Burger King "Depressurized" via Defenestration.
Burger King employees smash windows after prank call
This Mother and Son Are Madly in Love - And They Don't Care Who Knows It
Starbucks customer says his mocha was labeled 'Diabetes here I come'
Saudis take action against footballer hairstyles deemed 'anti-Islamic'
Los Angeles, California - Police chase ends with two burglary suspects giving out high-fives, hugs, and taking selfies with cheering onlookers.
Florida Starbucks label reads "DIABETES HERE I COME'
You're not sharing enough personal info, facebook worries
Florida Governor Rick Scott Released An Attack Ad About The Woman Who Cussed Him Out In Starbucks
Clinton Campaign Promises to Declassify UFO Files
Homeless Man Removed From de Blasio Presser on Homelessness
Coon Rapids Burger King employees smash windows after prank call
Why The FBI Director Puts Tape Over His Webcam : The Two-Way
Prank Caller Convinces Burger King Employees to Smash Windows
Toddler found unable to breathe - with dead octopus lodged in his throat
Naked Break-in: Bare Burglar Sneaks Into Home to Do Laundry
Only a coward, pusillanimous publicity-seeker will think of attcking Arvind Kejriwal
Planet X to really cause mass extinction this month?
After His Induction, Steve Miller Rips Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Los Angeles car chase starts with doughnuts, ends with selfies
Stolen New Smyrna Beach sign returned nearly 30 years later
Naked Burglar Sneaks Into Home To Do Laundry
Police called to break up fight over sausages at Mercedes shareholder meeting
Prank caller convinces employees at Burger King to smash Windows in the restaurant.
Keith Simison, 71, laces up hockey skates nearly 200 times a year
Austrian Government will try to seize the house where Hitler was born
Chief stands by officer who shot ax-wielding woman in Gallatin
Kazakhstan President Nazarbayev demands plates be washed in vodka at New York restaurant
TX School Restricts Parents from Walking Their Kids Home?! | Fox News Insider
Viral Facebook post claims man sat in Denny's for 2 hours - then did the unthinkable
Sex tape scandal was work of Putin, says Russian political activist exposed in video
Donald Trump - "Listen you motherf##kers, we're gonna tax you 25%."
Pablo Sandoval breaks his belt before striking out
Deputies arrive at 'rap video' production, find weapons and drugs
Russia's Patriarch Kirill: Some Human Rights Are 'Heresy'
Toothless man expected dentist to pull only four teeth
Quest for faith leads journalist on search for Bigfoot
Men rescued from deserted Pacific island after writing "help" in sand.
Rich kids of Instagram are landing their parents in jail
Prank Caller Convinces Burger King Workers To Smash Windows
UK politician threatens to ban curtains if forced to show his tax returns
Burger King employees smash windows following prank call
Yeast Infection Thwarted the Nation's First Uterus Transplant
Minnesota Burger King workers smash windows after prank call
Agent jumps into river to save immigrant, swims him back to Mexico - Agent jumps into river to save immigrant, swims him back to Mexico
Mob lawyer's widow claims her children tricked her into signing away $1.8million vacation home by pretending documents were DNR orders for her dying husband
Agent jumps into river to save immigrant, swims him back to Mexico
Twins married to twins resort to plastic surgery in order to tell each other apart
Three men rescued from deserted Pacific island thanks to 'HELP' sign
Man attacks fire truck on its way to Melbourne blaze
Naked 'burglar' arrested after crawling through doggie door, police say
Robot Waiters Fired For Spilling Food And Drinks
Castaways Rescued After Spelling Out 'HELP' In Palm Fronds
Man arrested after allegedly kicking pig outside Starbucks
Top secret "28 pages" may hold clues about Saudi support for 9/11 hijackers
3 rescued from remote island after using palm fronds to spell 'help'
Man arrested at Boston Bruins game after throwing octopus on to ice
Jesus now available in S, M, L and XL: Inside the Church Supplies World Fair
After NAIA's 'bad luck,' feng shui expert eyed
#Findsam: UK kids launch search for plush dog sent to space
Hungry dog blamed for sparking $100,000 South Austin house fire
Norwegian politician who was raped by Somali asylum seeker says he felt GUILTY after attacker was deported
Virtual Reality Gets More Real With New IKEA App
Burger King employees smash windows to "let the pressure out" after prank caller convinces them the building will explode.
Prank caller tricks Burger King workers into smashing windows
Phil Robertson delivers pre-race prayer about bibles, guns and the White House
Prank Caller Tricked Burger King Workers Into Smashing Windows
Male Norwegian politician raped by asylum seeker says he feels GUILTY that his attacker will now be deported because the man might suffer back in Somalia
Farmers issue warning after fatal cow attacks
Arizona woman 'genuinely through she had cancer'
Prank Caller Convinces Burger King Employees To Smash Their Windows
Man Who's Having His Arsehole Sewn Shut Goes On 'Poo Marathon'
Prank caller convinces Burger King workers to bust out windows
Teacher makes 12 year old kids complete "How Privileged Are You?" forms as part of a Spanish class.
More Republicans Lawmakers Have Been Arrested For Bathroom Misconduct Than Trans People
Middle School Students Forced to Fill Out 'Privilege' Form
Copyright Group Likens Massive DMCA Abuse Protests to "Zombie Apocalypse"
Israel demands correction from Sanders: it killed only 532 Palestinian children in summer 2014
9/11 Musical coming to Broadway in 2017.
Prank caller convinces Minnesota Burger King employees to smash windows
9/11 Musical Come From Away Will Bow on Broadway in Spring 2017
Cuba running low on beer as thirsty US tourists descend
Prank Call Fools Burger King Employees into Smashing Windows
'Hello, Sweden speaking': Official hotline connects you with a random Swedish resident
Toronto woman wakes up to raccoon sex
Burger King employees were tricked into breaking all their store's windows. Again.
Prank caller convinces Burger King employees to smash the store's windows
Discount alert: Bill Koch has lowered the price of his Aspen estate to $80M
Three men rescued off deserted island after spelling 'help' with palm leaves
Penis Museum Curator Discusses His Growing Collection
Octopus found in child's throat in suspected child abuse case
CA city pays criminals $1,000 not to shoot people
An Italian liberal woman wanted to prove muslims are peaceful so she hitchhiked through the Middle East...only to end up raped and murdered in Turkey
Mayor of London says super-rich are 'put-upon minority' like homeless people and Irish travellers
British mother and her son who enjoy 'mind-blowing sex' together go into hiding as police say they could face 15 years in jail
Thanks to Linkin Park There's an Industry of Plastic Surgeons Fixing Those Massive Earlobe Gauges
Uçuk mu Çıktı, Panik yok! İşte Çözüm
Future Solar Panels Will Generate Energy From Raindrops
Norwegian rape survivor 'feels guilty' the man who assaulted him was deported
California Man Rescued After Climbing Rock to Propose, Gets Arrested for Drug Possession
Shipwrecked sailors saved by spelling out 'HELP' on beach
Burger King staff tricked into smashing outlet's windows 'to release pressure'
Museum tries to play a trick, accidentally employs a cat
Venezuela energy crisis: President tells women to stop using hairdryers and go with 'natural' style to save electricity
Monkey Is Completely Obsessed With Poor Cat That's Just Trying to Nap
Print Email Facebook Twitter More Cow activates EPIRB triggering response involving Canberra, NT authorities
Football match stopped in Saudi Arabia as goalie was forced to cut his anti-Islamic hairdo
Claim: Climate Change will Stop Women from Wanting Sex
Pastor Went to Heaven and Took Photos, Selling the Pics for 5K a Piece
Workers smash windows at Burger King, all because of a prank call
Burger King employees tricked into smashing their own restaurant's windows
Three men rescued from deserted island after spelling 'help' with palm leaves
WORKERS SMASH WINDOWS AT BURGER KING, ALL BECAUSE OF A PRANK
Survey: Muslims fear TPP will unleash wave of booze, sex and porn
Old - Canadian province asks people to unplug Christmas lights to converse power and implement scheduled blackouts.
Tải phim sex miễn phí
McDonald's employee admits to ejaculating in Big Mac 'Secret Sauce' for 2 years
No. 1 sports car in Germany is American
WELFARE QUEEN SAYS WORKING IS STUPID
Saudi Arabia crackdown on 'un-Islamic' hairstyles forces footballer to have pitch-side haircut
Woman found dead in Staples with 10 empty aerosol cans
Fan arrested after allegedly tossing octopus onto TD Garden ice
McDonald's Employee Admits To Ejaculating In Big Mac 'Secret Sauce' For Nearly 2 Years
Alleged Burglar Cooks Food Inside Closed Restaurant
Jetpack company exec hurt after crashing during test flight
Man named "Rowdy Fowler" arrested, charged for running cockfighting ring
Children's Easter egg hunt descends into chaos as crazed parents storm the field
GCHQ, the UK intelligence agency, intervened over the Harry Potter, The Half-Blood Prince, leak
Harry Potter: GCHQ 'intervened over Half-Blood Prince leak'
Mother Kim West falls for the son she gave up for adoption 32 years ago
Petition for Shaquille O'Neal to sign the Declaration of Independence
Leftist Norwegian Politician Gets Raped By Somalian, Questions Whether Man Should Be Deported
Man Breaks Into Washington DC Five Guys, Makes Himself Cheeseburger
Masters Golf Fans, Not Allowed to Run, Speedwalk to the Greens
Jim Carrey Made His Waitress Very Happy With This Enormous Tip
Saudi Soccer Association bans hipster haircuts
GCHQ solves terrorism, now works to protect the next Harry Potter novel
Prank caller convinces Burger King employees to smash out restaurant windows
Russian cellist says funds revealed in Panama Papers came from donations
George Mason University has announced it will rename its law school in honor of the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, it will be the Antonin Scalia School of Law at George Mason University-or ASSoL at GMU, for short.
Man Breaks Into Five Guys Restaurant, Makes Himself a Cheeseburger
Louisiana woman run over by police vehicle while sunbathing
Burger King staff tricked into smashing store windows to 'relieve pressure'
Starbucks Customer Appalled After Label Reads: 'Diabetes Here I Come'
Employees at Oklahoma Burger King bust out windows after prank call
Saudi football cracks down on 'anti-Islamic' haircuts
A year after its launch, it's now clear that pretty much no one needs an Apple Watch
Man rescued from California cliff after proposing to girlfriend
Prank call convinces Burger King workers to smash windows
Prank call convinces Burger King workers to smash store windows
Burger King employees were tricked into breaking all their store's windows
Chariot for Women, an Uber-like service for females, set to launch this month
Motel owner thinks of himself as "sex researcher" after secretely watching people have sex for 29 years.
Loosest bloke in Melbourne wakes up in crown casino ventilation shaft.
George Mason U. changes name to ASSol
Massive, Tractor Sized, Alligator Killed on Florida Farm
Body of missing California woman was in Wal-Mart parking lot for 3 months
The Antonin Scalia School of Law is changing it's name again due to the unfortunate acronym
MTV Movie Awards Red Carpet 2016 Was Basically Filled With Sexy Funeral Clothes
'Boston Globe' runs fake front page detailing a Donald Trump world
nut jobs think earth could be destroyed any day now.
It turns out the 2 models in the Gap ad criticized for being 'racist' are sisters
Changing the "Macho" Male Culture of the US Military
Gap Pulls Ad Called 'Racist,' Apologizes to Critics
Chinese take out has alarming amounts of salt.
Ex-teacher accused of sex with students says one boy's grades improved
Burger King employees tricked into breaking windows of their store
Female Police Officers in Mexican City Say They Have to Pass a 'Hotness Test'
Police look for motive beyond road rage in shooting death of Will Smith
Despite ban, women take part in "I run Iran" marathon
Watch as a 'Hamburglar' breaks into a Five Guys to cook himself a meal
Crowd gathers in Chattanooga street to watch two girls fight, man drives by and shoots someone in crowd
Seattle's 'man in tree' is formally charged with a no contact order with the sequoia tree he spent 25 hours in. As well as all the other sequoias in the area.
Thieves dress in tinfoil in bid to fool alarm system.
Dick Cheney heaps praise on Hillary Clinton
Will Smith Shot To Death
Man Stopped At Airport Over Large Bulge Between His Legs, Turns Out It Was Just A
Goat wanders away from home, goes on Starbucks run
Hipster hamburglar breaks into US burger shop to cook a cheesburger
Police: Man follows deliveryman into a Five Guys, makes himself a cheeseburger
PEREMPUAN INI KEHILANGAN MATA KIRINYA GARA-GARA GLITTER | INDOCASINO303.COM
Cambodia plans to import some tigers, having run out of its own.
H.Res.642 - Recognizing magic as a rare and valuable art form and national treasure.
'Fart detector' wins Chinese Physics prize
Goat breaks free, goes on Starbucks run in California
Daily Mail owner considering Yahoo bid
She survived her first driving-while-texting accident - but not her second
Judge greenlights Oregon climate change lawsuit against federal government
Dubai fatwa issued against illegal Wi-Fi
Приколы смешные апрель 2016
Police called to break up fugitive over sausages at Mercedes shareholder meeting.
Gigi Hadid - victoria'secret angel
Man accused of being naked in Stirling University library
Israel demands correction from Sanders: it killed only 532 Palestinian children
Man 'taken aback' by message on Starbucks cup label
5000 m3 of water per second
Missing teen found hidden behind a wall after four years
Police constable shows judge "how grenade works" inside courtroom, three injured
Benefits of Nigella Sativa
Hand grenade, submitted as proof, explodes in Pakistan anti-terrorism court, 3 injured
How Getting Your Heart Broken Hurts Your Physical Heart
U of M student forms friendship with special horse
A super rat, the size of a small child, has been captured in the UK
Man Breaks Into Five Guys, Makes Himself Cheeseburger
Bouncy Castle On Trains Could Cut Overcrowding By 40%
Useless robot waiters fired for incompetence in China
Mass Robot Firings in China Because of Incompetence
El deporte en nuestra sociedad
Vice president of jetpack company crashes to ground, suffers injuries, but hopes remain high
Burglar breaks into burger joint, fires up the grill
Man wearing jetpack hospitalized after falling 20 feet
Man Climbs Mountain to Propose on FaceTime, Saved with Chopper, Jailed for Meth
Selfie video earns arsonist 20 years in prison and $60 million fine
Man protesting motorcycle helmet laws dies from head injury in motorcycle crash
Deadpool 2016 Bollywood Movie Fantasy Science fiction film
Timber skyscraper plans considered by London mayor
Man Breaks Into D.C. Five Guys To Make Himself Burgers
A Starbucks barista wrote a savage message on a customer's cup
Burger King employees tricked into breaking all of the restaurant's windows. Again.
Two of Trump's Kids Missed NY Registration Deadline, Can't Vote for Dad
Trump's kids didn't register in time to vote for their dad in NY
Bank Robbers Wrap Up Head-To-Toe In Aluminum Foil For Heist
120-pound Great Dane gets stuck in tree, Cass County emergency crews safely rescue
Baton Rouge woman arrested, hoped someone would find, raise child she left at store while she went to have sex
Facebook Bots Are a Tough Sell After Microsoft Tay's Racist Tirade
Dubai's Islamic authorities issue fatwa against WiFi theft
Thousands of radioactive boars are overrunning farmland in Fukushima
Former White House gardener selling Hillary Clinton's car
Washington, D.C. man breaks into Five Guys at night, makes himself a hamburger
'Stupid' locals detain innocent tourists after mistaking them for paedophiles
Bank robbers dress in aluminum foil from head-to-toe
Corgi gathering cancelled after too many plan to attend
Red Wings fan arrested in Boston after throwing octopus on ice
Turkey asks Germany to prosecute comedian for insulting Erdogan
Donald Trump's Kids Never Bothered to Register to Vote for Him
Real-life Hamburglar makes himself cheeseburgers at Five Guys
Suburban Corgi Celebration Goes Viral, is Canceled Over Massive Response
Two of Donald Trump's children forgot to register in New York and can't vote for dad
Taliban app surfaces on Amazon
Christian Threatens To Rape The Daughter Of Atheists...And She Has Down Syndrome
Man Burglar Breaks Into Washington Location of Five Guys, Cooks Himself Cheeseburger
Hand grenade, submitted as proof, explodes inside Pakistan anti-terror court
Donald Trump's children forget to register, cannot vote for him in NY
Charlize Theron Says Hollywood Is Hard on "Pretty" Actresses
Charlize Theron says it's difficult for 'pretty people' to land good movie roles
Egypt Gives Saudi Arabia 2 Islands in a Show of Gratitude
San Antonio's Finest (Officer), Body Slamming a 12 y/o Girl.
Man Breaks Into Five Guys Restaurant, Cooks Himself a Burger
New Car Service 'Chariot for Women' For Women Only
Zillow's defense: Exec was erasing porn, not evidence
Police: Man arrested when robbery victim turns out to be cop
Radioactive boars run wild around Fukushima reactors
Congressman Slams Bruce Springsteen As 'Bully,' May Support Justin Bieber Instead
Uber For Women Is a Great Idea-- Except for one thing
Brandon police look for 'good looking' suspect with man bun - Manitoba
What is the pain of joints in human body
Walker seeks help paying campaign debt
'Radioactive boars' on rampage in Japan
CA Labor Union That Fought for $15 Minimum Wage Now Wants an Exemption
Truck sideswipes median, spilling sausages and clogging I-494 artery.
Donald Trump confirms his son and daughter won't be voting for him in New York
Trump's kids forget to register to vote for him
Bank robbers wrapped in aluminum foil trick alarm system.
Man breaks into 5 Guys just to make himself some burgers
Bigfoot statue chased away from grave marker | wivb.com
Dallas Police Want Your Help Finding Jibril Salami, Wanted for Indecent Exposure
FBI director: We bought 'a tool' to hack terrorist's iPhone
Deadly octopus found in tennis ball
Duchess of Cambridge reveals her un-pedicured toes in India
Real life Hamburglar wanted by DC police for breaking into Five Guys
Woman admits killing her three sons 'to stop husband ignoring their daughter'
Thieves dress in tin foil in bid to fool alarm system
The Warriors Are So Good They Made Gregg Popovich Care About a Regular Season Game
Trump's kids fail to register to vote
Brazil police hunts robbers who wore tin foil outfits to fool bank security system
Are Aliens To Blame For Jordan Spieth's Meltdown On 12?
North Korea writes open letter to Obama -- in the voice of Abraham Lincoln
Dissatisfied customer opens fire on taco truck, Stockton police say
Next on Patch » Volunteer on Arbor Day By Planting Trees House Burglar Makes Pancakes, Washes Dishes and Takes a Nap (After Stealing Jewelry)
The French Government paid each Romanian gypsy 300 Euro to return back to home. But because a ticket back to France costed 50 - 100 Euro, they just returned the next day and spent the rest.
Man breaks into restaurant, cooks meal
The most controversial bagel in Brooklyn
Man says too much music, masturbation caused him to vandalize home
These thieves foiled bank alarm system by wrapping themselves in TIN FOIL - but forgot about CCTV
Dubai's religious authorities issue fatwa against Wifi theft, says stealing WiFi from your neighbor would not be proper Islamic conduct
Donald Trump's Kids Eric and Ivanka Miss Deadline to Vote in NY GOP Primary
Sunbather run over by police on beach
German soldiers forced to leave Nato exercise early due to overtime limits
Walker says he's thrifty, needs help paying campaign debt | Channel3000 Madison
Walker says he's thrifty, needs help paying campaign debt
Labour MP Dennis Skinner ejected from Commons after calling PM 'dodgy Dave'
Clinton Campaign Accuses Sanders of Trying to Win Nomination
XHamster Bans North Carolina Users Due To State's Anti-LGBT Laws
Man wakes up from dentist visit with all teeth missing
Porn Site Bans North Carolina Users Due To State's Anti-LGBT Laws
Sex bomb: Mass evacuation sparked by 'suspicious buzzing' at gambling hall in Germany found to have been caused by vibrating penis ring.
Tourists taking seaside snaps wrongly accused of being paedophiles
Surveillance video shows would-be bank robbers dressed in head-to-toe aluminum foil
Cubs owner Tom Ricketts insists he does not resemble Ted Cruz
Man fires shots at Cowboy Up bar, flees in big white pickup truck
Man carrying 'sawn-off shotgun' on Plaistow streets arrested
Porn Site Bans North Carolina Users Over Anti-LGBT Law
Indiana State Police trooper fired for preaching faith during traffic stops
Lawsuit: High school gave 'Dora' actress a pass over vaping
Chinese Science Publication Awards Robot That Can Detect Farts
Scientists Find That Running like Naruto Actually Faster
Sarah Palin just made the dumbest move ever: she signed on to debate bill nye on climate change
Global Warming Is in the Hot Seat With 'Climate Hustle' Coming to Select U.S. Cinemas This May | Business Wire
Belarus' entry Ivan wants to perform naked at this year's Eurovision in Sweden
Porn Giant XHamster Is Shutting Off Access For North Carolina Because Of Anti-LGBT Law!
Cinnamon Roll Can Explodes Inside Man's Butt During Shoplifting Incident
Half a million seal cubs will be beaten to death as slaughter begins in Canada!
Hillary Clinton Accused Of Using Static Noise To Conceal Fundraising Speech
My kid got expelled after 'Dora the Explorer' actress peer pressured her into vaping
0:02 / 3:25 Former Soviet Navy Commander: Americans Only Respect the Powerful; As Submarine Commander, I Saw UFO
'Dora the Explorer' voice actress vaped in her school's bathroom, got her friend expelled
Starbucks Serves Man Beverage With Label 'Diabetes Here I Come'
Parents fear boy who can't stop eating could die at any moment
Internet Porn Giant xHamster Blocks North Carolina Users Over Religious Freedom Law
Toyota Unveils Wooden Concept Car Meant to Last a Century
Porn website, XHamster, is blocking users from North Carolina to protest their Anti-LGBT law
XHamster Bans North Carolina Viewers Because of State's Anti-LGBT Laws
Dora the Explorer actress given a pass for vaping at high school, says lawsuit
Clemson Students under investigation after hanging bananas on sign
Weed stolen at BB gun point
Starbucks apologizes to man who received 'diabetes here I come' message on cup
See the Ramones as You've Never Seen Them Before: Smiling
Sound the Alarm: Sarah Palin and Bill Nye Will Appear On a Panel About Climate Change
Angry southern mother shoots her disobedient kids' phones
Clinton Campaign: Sanders Needs to Come Clean and Admit He is Trying to Win the Nomination.
Navy's Futuristic Destroyer is Apparently Too Stealthy
Trump's Kids Can't Vote for Him in New York Because They Screwed Up
How an internet mapping glitch turned a random Kansas farm into a digital hell
The National Weather Service will finally stop shouting at us
Donald Trump's own children won't get to vote for him in New York's primary
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE WILL STOP SCREAMING IN ALL CAPS
Duchess Cambridge reveals un-pedicured toes India
WARNING: NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE TO STOP TYPING IN ALL CAPS
Video shows thief stealing ring off dead woman's finger-but it was a fake
Prankster tells Burger King employees to smash windows to escape gas explosion
More GOP politicians have been arrested for sexual misconduct in bathrooms than trans people
Trump Supporter Believes Donald Will Make the World Safe 'for Hooking Up With Girls on Spring Break'
Disgusted by incest? Genetic Sexual Attraction is real and on the rise
National Weather Service will stop using all caps in its forecasts
Porn site blocks N.C. users as punishment for bathroom bill
One man dies, two injured when lawnmower pulling wheelchair hit by truck
Robbers in tin foil suits try to beat bank alarm sensor as camera watches
Porn site (XHamster) blocks N.C. users as punishment for bathroom bill
Sperm bank failed to reveal donor's criminal record and schizophrenia, couple alleges
Then They Came for Our Pornography: XHamster Bans Access in North Carolina over HB 2
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE TO STOP YELLING IN ALL CAPS IN FORECASTS
Hillary Clinton Tries to Prove She's Not Racist With Awkward Joke About "Colored People Time"
The mysterious case of Katt Williams's losing fight with a '7th grader'
Venezuela's cellphone providers suspend international calls
Texas man set to die said he drank 12-year-old victim's blood
Goat Spotted Roaming Inside Northern California Starbucks Safely 'Taken Into Custody'
Real-Life 'Hamburglar' Breaks Into Five Guys in Washington, Cooks Himself a Meal
High School Gives 'Dora the Explorer' Voice Actress a Pass for Vaping, Lawsuit Claims
Donald Trump IS Adolf Hitler
Two of Donald Trump's children forgot to register in New York and can't vote for dad Read more here: http://www.miamiherald.com/news/politics-government/article71145427.html#storylink=cpy
North Korea, writing as Lincoln, criticizes Obama
Two Trump kids miss one big deadline, now can't vote in New York primary
Off-Duty Cleveland Police Officer Accused of Elbowing Man in the Jaw at Horseshoe Casino
New York Democrats claim Republican-controlled Senate won't give them enough toilet paper
Starbucks customer says his Grande White Chocolate Mocha was labeled "Diabetes Here I Come."
New PETA video boldly claims, 'Eating chicken can make your kid's dick small'
Goat Wanders Into Starbucks, Chews On Box
Colorado clinic shooter hoped fetuses would thank him for stopping abortions
"Eating chicken can make your kid's d*** small": Animal charity slammed over 'body shaming' campaign
Activists to Pregnant Women: Eating Chicken Wings Will Shrink Your Unborn Baby's Private Parts
Eating Chicken Wings Could Make Your Baby Have a Small Penis, Says PETA
Iraqi militant group set up Instagram to let social media users determine fate of captured ISIS fighters
Neighbor Gets Fed Up With The Sounds Of Small Children, Sends Creepiest Note Ever.
North Korea resurrects Abraham Lincoln to criticize Obama
NRA Regulates Circulation of Their Mascot Costume
Top 10 Most Beautiful Capitals In The World
Prosecutor wants man to serve 20 years for stealing $31 worth of candy
Ivanka Trump, the Face of Dad's Get Out The Vote Effort, Forgets to Change Registration
Company exec in $2 billion lawsuit claims he wiped computer to 'erase porn, not evidence'
Man pours boiling water over co-worker because he took half his hot dog
Jack in the Box employee falls for prank call, smashes store window.
Jack in the Box employee falls for prank call, smashes window
Hundreds flock to US Capitol to protest money in politics, hundreds arrested
NYC mayor Bill de Blasio under fire for 'racist' joke after he says he endorsed Clinton late because he was on 'C.P. time'
Chinese soccer aims to be among world top teams by 2050
North Korea Pens Spoof Abe Lincoln Letter To US
Donald Trump's children failed to register in time to vote for him in New York
MLK statue wearing "Make America Great Again" hat causes outrage
Electile dysfunction: S. Korea probes sex pills-for-votes claim
Bristol parkrun joggers face being charged to use paths
The Government is worried that too many people are trying anal sex
ToP Ten Countries With The Most Beautiful Women.....
[Argentina] Winner of a car in a draw was offered a car toy
High School Gives 'Dora' Voice Actress a Pass for Vaping: Lawsuit
les sims sur pc
Iceland shocked by elite's love of offshore holdings
Very angry man rams car through Jack in the Box restaurant - twice
FTM Transgender in Singapore acquitted of sexual assault as law 'does not cover women as offenders'
Woman acquitted of sexual assault as law 'does not cover women as offenders'
Samantha Bee Finds It Easier To Buy A Gun Than Get An NRA Mascot Costume
Burger King workers in Minnesota smash windows after hoax gas leak call
Parents are giving their children bleach enemas to cure them of autism
Suit settled alleging clowns attacked teen with sex toys at haunted house
Autism: Potentially lethal bleach 'cure' feared to have spread to Britain
Kaohsiung residents oppose screw factory
He says he won a brand new car, but gave him a car toy instead
Starbucks apologizes for labeling 'DIABETES HERE I COME' on Florida man's coffee order
ISIS asks supporters in an online poll, "What Colors Should the Eiffel Tower Turn to Next Time?"
Hillary Clinton to release papers on possible base for extraterrestrial research if she wins White House, campaign head says
Canadian turtle smuggler could get 5 years in U.S. prison
Zillow exec was 'erasing porn, not evidence'
Samuel L. Jackson Explains Why He's Moving to Birmingham, England
Meet the "Trump Bros"
Man poured boiling water over co-worker because he took half a hot dog
Indiana Man Wakes Up With No Teeth, No Clothes on After Dental Procedure
A man who took a video of himself surrounded by flames that erupted into one of the worst California wildfires of 2014
Police reveal that beggar in Dubai was earning AED9,000 a day
Former Taliban fighters flee ISIS brutality
Dora the Explorer actress, 15, 'suspended from private school for vaping in the bathroom'
American woman held in Abu Dhabi for refusing to talk to men at airport
#수원풀싸롱 한대표 (010-7662-7948) #오산풀싸롱 #광명풀싸롱 #인계동밤문화 # #인계동룸싸롱 #영통풀싸롱 #수원인계동풀싸롱 #수원인계동풀싸롱 ||||||||||
WEATHER ADVISORY: The National Weather Service will stop issuing weather forecasts in capital letters
Under Armour Shares Tumble After Spieth Meltdown
Eşkıya Dünyaya Hükümdar Olmaz 32.Bölüm Fragmanı 19 Nisan 2016 Salı
Ronald McDonald 'arrested' by Guangzhou chengguan officers
Scientists Discover Massive Swarm of Crabs
Shanghai Says People Who Fail to Visit Parents Will Have Credit Scores Lowered
North Korea, pretending to be Abraham Lincoln, wrote a letter to President Obama.
Dennis Skinner Gets Thrown Out Of Commons For Calling Cameron 'Dodgy Dave'
Florida teacher suspended after quizzing students on gender
Thieves Steal Nearly $3,000 in Maple Syrup From Vermont Sugarhouse
Manufacturer Makes Glock That Looks Like Nintendo's Duck Hunt Gun
Feds Bar Minnesota Brewery from Marketing LSD Ale
Fla. Starbucks labels order 'Diabetes here I come' to customer
Christian Author Mack Major Says Female Masturbation Is 'Direct Path To Satan'
North Korea Pretends To Be Lincoln In Letter To Obama
Liza Minnelli's Ex-Husband David Gest dies just months prior to "David Gest Is Not Dead But Alive With Soul" tour
Clinton camp: Sanders wants to rig system with superdelegates
Porn actors 'having trouble keeping it up' with awkward VR cameras strapped on
Ring stolen off body in open casket worth $10
Thai PM Says Women in Skimpy Dress Are Like Unwrapped Candy
Investigative short film (11 mins) about trying to access marijuana in Canada (Ottawa and Toronto) in 2016!
North Korea uses fake Abraham Lincoln letter to criticize Obama
USS Arizona Memorial tours cancelled after dock sinks
Naruto, the macaque monkey files appeal to claim selfie
Cuba running out of beer because of American tourists
Abraham Lincoln: North Korea accuses Barack Obama of nuclear hypocrisy in 'open letter from 16th US president'
Fat man who crushed nativity donkey to death goes free
Idaho couple told by police that squatter has rights to their home, and can break a window to get back in after they changed the locks.
Warning: White people singing Rihanna could cause 'microaggressions'
Trump Children Unable to Vote for Dad in NY Primary
Ted Cruz Thrills Crowd With Spot-On 'Princess Bride' Impression
Cruz does impression of 'Princess Bride'
Colorado Parks and Wildlife officials shutdown Wildlife Rescue, which was also a Swingers Club.
David Gest dead: Star was about to embark on 'David Gest is not dead' tour
Bill O'Reilly tells Donald Trump that many African-Americans are 'ill-educated and have tattoos on their foreheads'
Two of Trump's kids won't be able to vote for him - because they failed to register in time
Foreign Office employs chief mouser, Palmerston the cat
'Chief Mouser' Cat Employed By The UK Foreign Office
Turkey Killed After Flying Through Newport Bedroom Window, Memorial Pops Up
Sarah Palin to debate Bill Nye on climate change
Rachel Dolezal announced she will write a new book exploring the topic of what it's like to be a white person who identifies as black
Kanye West reps pay for Sydney mural to be destroyed
And the winner of the Taylor Swift Award is... Taylor Swift!
New Australian $5 bill compared to 'clown puke'
Medical student vomits at the sight of a belly button.
Moa, geisha girls in MPs' financial disclosures
A Girl Was Allegedly Expelled After Being Peer Pressured Into Vaping By Dora The Explorer
Paris court rules it's OK to call a gay hairdresser a 'faggot'
Deputies: Man holds up Wal-Mart with BB gun he stole from Wal-Mart
'Dora' Voice Actress Peer Pressures Friend Into Vaping
Teen who voices 'Dora the Explorer' suspended for vaping in school
New Jersey Student Uses 3-D Printer For DIY Dental Work
Indiana Democrat Says GOP Colleague's 18-Month-Old Son Is Racist
Marijuana Grinder Resembling Grenade Halts Airport Flights
British Ministry: Young Brits Are Having a Lot of Unhealthy Anal Sex
State, geese clash at SouthWood offices
Parents Claim Teen Daughter Was Expelled After 'Dora the Explorer' Actress Peer Pressured Her Into Vaping at School
The Plan to Make California Wet By Spreading Beavers Up and Down the State
Oppressed crawfish freed by animal rights activists in Bucktown
Is the Universe a Simulation? Scientists Debate
It has been revealed British Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn over-paid his tax due last year
Man believes fire alarm contained smurfs, causes disturbance at Blount County high school
Competing eatery offers free burgers for a year if DC 'ham-burglar' turns self in
Man Wakes Up From Dental Surgery With No Teeth
Clinton Camp: Sanders wants to rig the system with superdelegates
Canadian found with turtles in pants pleads guilty to smuggling
Canadian caught with 51 turtles in his pants sentenced to five years in U.S.
Bruce Springsteen Called 'Bully' by North Carolina Congressman
Christian Author: Female Masturbation Is 'Direct Path To Satan'
How One Curious Guy Beat Stress By Becoming a Goat For 3 Days
Charlie Sheen Found Dead in his Hotel Room
Hennepin County's goddamn tornado siren just woke everyone up
The surprising way Neanderthals got herpes
Solar cell generates power from rain, could solve Britain's energy needs
Charlie Sheen Found Dead in a Hotel Room
Pro-Brexit photographer 'livid' after picture used in pro-EU leaflet
US bus passenger cracks one off for three hours
Flint's latest conundrum? People aren't using enough water
Girl Says She Was Kicked Out of School After Being Peer-Pressured Into Vaping by Dora the Explorer
A new ride-hailing service is trying to improve women's safety - by banning men
'Blacked up' activist was using acne treatment, UKIP candidate claims
'Dora the Explorer' actress got her friend expelled for vaping, lawsuit says
Potentially Suspicious Man Asks Girls about Buying Girl Scout Cookies
Ontario man who smuggled 38 turtles in his pants fined, given probation.
ARREST MADE AFTER WOMAN SEEN STEALING FROM CORPSE
Microsoft adds QR codes to the Windows 10 Blue Screen of Death
Sarah Palin Backing Anti-Climate Change Film
IRS chief: Agency encourages illegal immigrant theft of SSNs to file tax returns
Berlin Airport's PR man sacked for honesty
Teacher in student sex case says teen's grades improved
Woman struck in head with frozen turkey
Microsoft Adds QR Code to Windows 10 Blue Screen of Death
"Dora the Explorer" Voice Actress Suspended for Vaping in School
Windows 10 debuts Blue QR Code of Death - and why malware will love it
Girl Expelled After Being Peer-Pressured Into Vaping By Dora The Explorer
Bankruptcy Judge Orders 50 Cent to Live Up to His Name
Judge scolds 50 Cent: If you're broke, stop posting pics of cash
Rockhampton snake catcher Wayne Cameron dead from snake bite
Fargo lawmaker wants to close ND treasurer's office if he wins election
Whistleblowers: Bentley ordered state helicopter to fly his forgotten wallet to the beach
'Dora the Explorer' Voice Actress Suspended, Friend Expelled for Vaping in School
How not to parallel park (Needs a better caption)
Woman who was lost for nine days in Arizona forest wrote 'help' with sticks
Person seen riding fridge on River Dee prompts call to coastguard
Bono Tells U.S. Senate to Send Amy Schumer, Sacha Baron Cohen, Chris Rock After ISIS
'Dora The Explorer' Was Caught Vaping In A School Bathroom: Lawsuit
U2 singer Bono tells Congress comedy can help in fight against extremists
Bored NH man accidentally shoots brother through the forehead while waiting for turn in video game
Man charged after allegedly shooting brother in head during a game of Halo
Turtle smuggler snapped with 57 months in prison
Porn site blocks North Carolina customers to protest LGBT law
Prank caller leads Burger King employees to smash their own windows due to a 'gas leak'.
Man may have been intoxicated when child drove him to Wendy's
Cinnamon Roll Can Explodes Inside Man's Butt After During Shoplifting Incident
State shuts down wildlife rescue tied to swingers club
High school gave 'Dora' actress a pass for vaping
Bono Tells US Senate How To Defeat ISIS, Says Amy Schumer Can Help
Lawsuit: High school gave 'Dora' actress a pass for vaping
Bono Suggests Sending Amy Schumer to Help Crush ISIS
'Jealous' husband chopped wife's head off and flushed it down the toilet
Canadian man imprisoned for smuggling 51 turtles in his trousers
U2's Bono suggests sending Amy Schumer, Chris Rock, Sacha Baron Cohen to combat extremism
This Michigan Tire Shop Owner Says He Doesn't Service Black or "Ghetto" People
Cuba Suffering Beer Shortage Thanks to American Tourists
Family finds deadly octopus inside tennis ball
'Dora the Explorer' actress suspended for vaping in high school, lawsuit says
Florida man turns self in for 1989 theft
60 minutes crew on Lebanon charges of kidnap, assault, conspiracy
College is a time for experimenting.
Zinedine Zidane: 'I never lost my head as a player, will never do so as a coach'
University of Oklahoma: White People Singing Rihanna a 'Microaggression'
Sugar addiction 'should be treated as a form of drug abuse'
Girl accidentally gets Jeremy Lin tattoo
Probation for President Hillary Clinton? Here's How it Would Work
Canadian who hid turtles in his trousers is jailed in the US
With Construction Season Around the Corner, Illinois Considers Taxing Drivers Per Mile.
How low can national GOP go? 'Delinquency' letter actually a solicitation
Illinois Considers Taxing Drivers Per Mile
Fort Smith Police: Attempted Kidnapping Report Potentially Just Pushy Salesman
Canadian who hid turtles in trousers is jailed in US
Since I learned this recipe I have happy faces all around me
U2's Bono Tells U.S. Senate Amy Schumer and Chris Rock Could Stop ISIS
Possible Apple Car Facilities Being Named After Greek Gods
Norwegian rape survivor 'feels guilty' the man who assaulted him was deported | Europe | News
STD rates rise in Yolo County
Spokane County residents spend more on pot thab bread or milk
Spokane County, WA: Residents spend more on pot than bread or milk.
It's sin to rob your neighbour's WiFi
Cool benefits of amla fruit in so many ways
Perth carpark trials 'female-friendly' parking zones
Florida man says too much music, masturbation made him vandalize home
Disney Decided to Ruin Your Favorite 90's Christina Aguilera Song
Edmonton's pizza voted better than Florence's, Milan's
Uber says gave U.S. agencies data on more than 12 million users
Guests at rival Chinese weddings in four-hour street battle with knives and flaming fireworks
Rival wedding groups clash with knives, fireworks in 4-hour battle
Policeman accidentally explodes grenade in Pakistan court
The great escape: Inky the octopus legs it to freedom from aquarium
Anime Production Company Gainax Opens Fruit Tomato Store
Should you visit North Korea? TripAdvisor users say yes
Canada's 'Black Widow' arrested for using the internet at library
Mua đệm lò xo túi
'So what if Putin is corrupt?': Russia remains unmoved by offshore revelations
Mentally ill felon lied on sperm bank website and helped create 36 children
Sperm donor has become dad to 54 children and launched his own app
Bono wants to send Amy Schumer and Chris Rock to fight Islamic State
Scientists discover 1,500-year-old Mongolian mummy 'wearing Adidas boots'
Police Officer Shows Judge 'How Grenade Works' In Court - Three Injured
Bono: send Amy Schumer and Chris Rock to fight Islamic State
Telstra removed its support for same sex marriage, allegedly due to pressure from the Catholic Church | Business Insider
Catholic Church forces Telstra into same-sex marriage ad flip
Scientists discover 1,500-year-old mummy in ADIDAS boots
Mummy Found Wearing Adidas Boots Is 'Proof Of Time Travel'
How To Get Rid Of Love Handles Naturally
Studies Conducted by Coca-Cola Group Finds that Soda Is Not Bad for Your Health
Can you really justify wanting to have sex with your mom?
Bizarre order at Clarksville McDonald's goes viral
Film's lost Nessie monster prop found in Loch Ness
Report: Drunk driver crashes into state patrol post
Stoner hides stash in cheeseburger during traffic stop
Daniel Sturridge: Liverpool's Europa League tie will be like playing Fifa 16
Gas made from cheese to heat hundreds of U.K. homes
Justin Timberlake Explains Why He's Moving to Bradford, England
Japan wants 'Chinese-only' zones at tourist attractions to limit bad behavior
Octopus escapes aquarium. Staff wish him the best.
Israel defeats North Korea at ice hockey in Mexico City
Suspected drunk driver drives right in to side of State Highway Patrol building
North London hospital accidentally shows porn film in waiting room
Gwyneth Paltrow Fears the World She's Created
Bono Suggests New Anti-Islamic State Strategy: 'Send in Amy Schumer, Chris Rock and Sacha Baron Cohen'
Bono wants to send in Amy Schumer and Sacha Baron Cohen to fight Isis and extremism
Malaysia Airlines MH370 Searchers Lose 2nd Sonar Device in 3 Months
A man was caught smuggling turtles across the US Canada border. He was caught with over 50 turtles taped to his body.
Man caught smuggling turtles across the border from the US to Canada. He had over 50 turtles in his pants.
Bono is a retard
3 wounded as policeman pull grenade pin to show how it works in Pakistan court
Claiming fire alarm contained smurfs, underwear-clad man causes school disturbance
Smuggler Who Hid 51 Turtles in Pants Sentenced to 57 Months
Electrocuted squirrel sets grass fire
Flappy Bird on an E-Cigarette is something that actually exists
Gwyneth Paltrow: I'd Still Rather Smoke Crack than Eat Spray Cheese
Woman tells Farmer family to go buy meat at a supermarket instead of slaughtering their own cow for food
The Time Ted Cruz Defended a Ban on Dildos
11-year-old Boy Taken into Custody for Playing Alone in His Driveway
Octopus slips out of aquarium, crawls across floor, escapes down pipe to ocean.
Spotted in Nottingham - Homelessness isn't real.
Group plans protest at Benner's Farm to save beloved cow
City of San Francisco says it's illegal to live in a box
Octopus slips out of aquarium tank, crawls across floor, escapes down pipe to ocean
UK labor leader found to have overpaid tax when newspaper tried to smear his reputation
John Kasich Meets Talmudic Scholars, Tries to Explain Bible to Them
Saudi king welcomed in Istanbul with around 100 luxury cars
A 12-year-old kid made himself Australia's prime minister for 2 days on Wikipedia
Robbers try to bypass bank security system by wrapping themselves in tin foil.
Inky the Octopus Escapes From the National Aquarium of New Zealand
Co-sponsor of anti-LGBT bill in Tennessee exiled over alleged risk to unsuspecting women
Parents blame Dora the Explorer for expelled teen's vaping habit
Piracy Fails to Prevent Another Box Office Record
Jews vs. Nazis drinking game serves as a cautionary tale
John Kasich wants to make the day after the Super Bowl a national holiday
GOP cosponsor of anti-trans bathroom bill is a danger to 'unsuspecting women', probe finds
Men In Black/21Jump Street Crossover Movie titled MIB 23
Octopus makes great escape from New Zealand aquarium
Our ancestors could have spread Herpes to Neanderthals
Men in Black/Jump Street Crossover Movie Titled MIB 23
Parent blame Dora the Explorer for teen's vape habit
Idiotic Robot Waiters Fired by Restaurant for Gross Incompetence
Man masturbates for up to three hours on Megabus because he believed terrified woman was 'enjoying it'
Man raped and hangs dog in retaliation for it killing his iguana
Military veteran frustrated he has to annually fill out form to say his legs are still missing
Warner Bros. to launch Hanna-Barbera cinematic universe with agents of S.C.O.O.B.
Protest held after Chicago cop fatally shoots armed 16-year-old boy
Lancashire couple hoping to cash in on 'whale vomit' windfall
Loch Ness monster found, but it is only a long-missing prop from an old film
Half of all people could be carrying 'gay genes'
In a village in Romania, the hearts of the dead are stabbed and burned to prevent them from becoming immortal vampires. (Article in Romanian, translation in comments)
Victim attacked with frozen turkey in SF
Man tries to lie on an ant hill for ten minutes to find out what it's like to be an echidna.
German train dispatcher accused of playing game before deadly crash
Sperm donor 9623 seemed perfect. It was a complete lie.
Ted Cruz fought to ban dildos
Ted Cruz Says, "No Right to stimulate ones genitals"
Ted Cruz: No constitutional right to 'stimulates one's genitals'"
Mind Your Staple Angles
US business are buying thousands of "Make America Great Again" hats, from China
Robot finds Nessie film prop at the bottom of Loch Ness
Gwyneth Paltrow: 'Hell yes,' she'd take crack over spray cheese
Man arrested after stealing cup of coffee
Ryan McGoldrick: Rugby league player fails to sell himself on eBay
Quirky church, Flying Spaghetti Monster, hits court wall
Brandon police look for 'good looking' suspect with man bun
Regina rat rescuer says rodent gets bad rap from landlords
Tomatoes and Google connect a Canadian farmer to new Syrian neighbour
Second person dies in lawnmower accident
Photo of mother breastfeeding in firefighter uniform sparks controversy
Man's Great-Great-Grandfather Looks Exactly Like Matthew McConaughey
Police react to video of homeless spotted having sex on sidewalk
Bow Wow Accused Of Posting Someone Else's Money On Instagram
Iowa ninth-graders girls hire male stripper for swimming banquet
Newmarket library asks some readers to take a shower
Aston Villa cancel player of the year awards as relegation looms
Inky the Octopus Escapes From a New Zealand Aquarium: "After busting through an enclosure, the nimble contortionist quietly crossed the floor, slithered through a narrow drain hole about six inches in diameter and jumped into the sea."
'Duck Dynasty' star's NASCAR prayer enrages liberals
Saudi Arabia orders 'kinder, gentler' religious police
Failure to use turn signal? You get multiple anal and vaginal probes!
Israeli pummels North Korean ice hockey team at Mexican hockey tournament
Package containing sandwich sparks bomb response around court complex
High on Medical Marijuana, Man Angrily Crashes Into Jack in the Box
Inky the Octopus Escapes From a New Zealand Aquarium
Clinton Campaign Treasurer Crushed To Death After Stack Of Campaign Funds Topples Over
Sony's Animated Emoji Movie Integrates Spotify, Major Smartphone Apps in Plot
Doctor accused of performing oral sex on patient during check-up at sexual health clinic
Another Sexual Assault in Service of the Drug War
Edmonton military veteran frustrated he has to annually fill out form to say his legs are still missing
Authorities: Jasper escapee found in dishwasher
Lincoln Chafee has no regrets
Adidas New Hemp Shoe Is Designed To Hide Your Weed Stash
Top Pentagon official: 'Right now it sucks' to be ISIS
South Korean men may have been given Viagra as political bribes
Smuggler caught with 51 turtles in his pants sent up the river
Doctor accused of performing oral sex on patient during check-up at Ealing Hospital
Jim Gilmore: 'I don't expect to be the nominee'
Ted Cruz takes on Big Dildo
Snake throws up snake during rescue attempt by ETX family
Toddler shot in face when gun stashed in mom's purse goes off while waiting at hospital
accused of assault after passengers laughed about his name - Lookman Kareem denies charge that he bit off part of man's thumb in Rathmines
Taxi driver accused of assault after passengers laughed about his name
Driver tosses cooked chicken, hits pedestrian with vehicle, police say
Child accidentally shot in ER
Passenger Arrested For Masturbating "Up To Three Hours" During Megabus Trip
Cleaner Air Tied to Fewer Lung Problems in Children
NASA discovers new black hole in Milky Way
Arizona Man Brought 'Back to Life' After Attack by 'Huge Swarm of Bees'
Police say pedestrians involved in hit-and-run before being hit on Versailles Road
Bernie Sanders Joins Verizon Workers On Picket Line
Cleveland is spending $20 million in federal money on riot and security gear for the Republican convention
Ted Cruz's college days as a widely hated masturbator have come back to haunt him
Milton police find marijuana hidden inside cheeseburger
Rebellious Teen Dora the Explorer Got Suspended From School Because She Loves to Vape
Azusa School Coach Says He Was Fired Over Fruit
Hundreds Of People Campaigning To Save Long Island Cow, Minnie, From Slaughter
The NRA says 'Eddie Eagle,' not new laws, is the way to keep curious kids away from unsecured guns
High school teacher arrested for letting kids smoke weed in class.
Spider-Man feats 'impossible' because of small feet
Warner Bros. to launch Hanna-Barbera Cinematic Universe with Scooby-Doo reboot S.C.O.O.B. (x-post /r/movies)
Bono: We Can Defeat ISIS With Comedy
Federal Court Rules That Spaghetti Is Not a Real Religion
I don't ferry fat people: Auto driver tells woman
Klingon invasion at city hall secures funding for Expo
Warner Bros. to launch Hanna-Barbera cinematic universe with Scooby-Doo reboot S.C.O.O.B.
Thai Army's 'Attitude Adjustment' Camp Helps Critics to Be Healthy and Obedient
Emoji Movie Officially Announced by Sony; Plot Details Revealed
'Dora The Explorer' Vaping: Voice Actress Allegedly Got Friend Expelled From School For Smoking
"Trump lover" fears assassination, files complaint in Billings to prevent Trump presidency
Rachel Dolezal signs publishing deal to write book on race
Half of Jewish Israeli high schoolers say Arabs shouldn't vote - poll
Big lorry struggles with a tight bend in North Walsham
'Dora The Explorer' Actress Suspended From High School For Vaping
Man armed with sword robs Carl's Jr. in Las Vegas
Voice Of 'Dora The Explorer' Suspended From High School For Vaping
Men sentenced for Prince of Wales Road fight over dead rat
Half of Jewish high schoolers say Arabs shouldn't vote - poll
Man armed with sword robs Carl's Jr. in southeast Las Vegas
Donald Trump's Charity Gave Money to Miami Spas, Hotels, and Random Dude Named "Brian"
Octopus Named 'Inky' Breaks Out of New Zealand Aquarium, Returns to Ocean
Bono tells US Senate to use Amy Schumer and Chris Rock to fight ISIS
New board member for Denver Public Schools is a convicted child abuser
Man goes in for oral surgery only to remove a few teeth, but wakes up with all teeth gone
Harvard's All-Male Club Says it Can't Let in Women Because They'd Be Sexually Assaulted
TN Republican Who Sponsored Anti-Trans Bathroom Bill is Found to Be a "Risk to Unsuspecting Women"
Secretive Harvard club breaks silence to say that admitting women could increase sexual misconduct
Teachers discourage teaching careers
Sony's "Men in Black"/"21 Jump Street" Crossover Gets the Perfect Title
Car thief tries to ditch a stolen car during a high speed chase. Accidently pulls into a police station parking lot and is promptly arrested.
Sony confirms Charlie's Angels reboot, Jump Street-Men in Black crossover
Car thief tries to ditch a stolen car during a chase. Accidently pulls into police station parking lot and is promptly arrested.
Police catch car thief after parking stolen vehicle at District 1 police station
23 Jump Street/Men in Black crossover finally has a title: MIB 2
All-male Harvard club breaks history of silence to reject adding women
CPS catch car thief after parking stolen vehicle at District 1 police station
Moviegoers Excited About Gun-Filled Blockbuster Are Tricked Into Seeing Real Gun Violence
There's now an 'Uber just for women'
Chariot For Women Launches In Boston, Invites Female Passengers Only
Florida Man Tattoos Nude Portrait of Donald Trump on His Leg
'Affluenza' teen's rehab cost taxpayers nearly $200,000 after wealthy parents found 'financially unable to pay'
Violence Breaks Out At T4G As Rival Theology Gangs Clash
1,800 Studies Later, Scientists Conclude That Homeopathy Doesn't Work.
Manchester Airport sniffer dogs detecting "sausages and cheese" rather than drugs
The Man Planning To Desecrate A Quran At Armed Anti-Muslim Rally Is A Trump Supporter
Woman who passes herself as a man acquitted of sexual charge against underaged girl
Man Dressed as Woman Arrested for Spying Into Mall Bathroom Stall, Police Say
THE PERILS OF USING PORN FOR A GOOD CAUSE
thief caught after ditching stolen car in police station parking lot
Katy Perry Wins Legal Battle With Nuns Over Former Convent
Phone-friendly movie theaters for millennials are coming
AMC Entertainment CEO Open to Allowing Texting in Some Theaters
Man wins court case over 'Ladies Night'
Suspect ditches car in police parking lot, gets arrested on the spot - Calgary
Brady Campaign responds to NRA fairy tales by... shooting a child in the face.
Zika Virus Causes Birth Defects, Health Officials Can Confirm
Police find secret marijuana garden after break-in at a non-profit organization for children
Phone-friendly movie theaters for millenials are coming
Punk Singer Delivers Vicious Dropkick To Female Fan Trying To Take A Selfie On Stage
1,500-Year-Old Mummy Appears To Be Wearing Adidas Trainers
Ohio woman charged after livestreaming friend being raped
Texas ag chief investigated after 'Jesus shot' treatment
Illinois police department gives up on body cameras because they're tired of people asking for videos
Donald Trump apparently forgets Joe Paterno died, asks Pittsburgh crowd how he's doing
St-Henri business accused of gentrifying neighbourhood pushed out by high rent
In-N-Out threatens to sue model who filmed 'sexually suggestive' burger video
Furry confused for sick dog, euthanized by parents
India sends back remains of WWII American soldiers
Man arrested for casting spell during football match
Sex worker shamed by relationship with politician
Lol - my husband's dead': British female jihadi
Singaporean 'woman' acquitted of sex assault due to 'men-only' law
Scientists Discover A 1500-Year-Old Mummy Wearing Adidas Shoes! Proof Of Time Travel?
Want to live longer in the US? Get rich
Device allows paralyzed man to swipe credit card, perform other movements
Man arrested for casting a spell during a football match
Kazakh president unleashes inner 'Borat' at posh Soho eatery
Golf is no longer a crime, decrees China's Communist party
Donald Trump asks confused Pittsburgh crowd, 'How's Joe Paterno?'
Jared Leto sent used condoms to his 'Suicide Squad' co-stars
Dennis Hastert goes from speaker to felon, but his dark past still remains a mystery
Love of potato chips led to discovery of cancer
Edmonton military veteran frustrated
Life-saving potato chip alerts Marysville woman to cancer
The institution of marriage developed from the need to avoid sexual diseases, say researchers
Anonymous user puts 'useless' Pakistani PM Nawaz Sharif for sale on ebay
Airport sniffer dogs find 'cheese and sausages' but no Class A drugs
Yale University backs down after telling student to 'fatten up or face expulsion'
French Students Are Being Encouraged to Smoke in School to Help Stop Terrorism
French students encouraged to smoke in school to stop terrorism
Burger King workers smash store windows to save lives
Murder suspect's mother steps into the spotlight to "set the recorder straight" - sets up gofundme for her book on sexual hygiene.
Smallest in the world!
Airport sniffer dogs are better at hunting out cheese and sausages than drugs, report finds.
Texting in a movie theater? AMC Considers lifting ban
Sunbathing woman run over by police truck on Louisiana beach
Katy Perry Wins Real Estate Battle Against Nuns
Devon man sues organisers of sex festival after they bar him because of lack of references
Katy Perry Just Got A Step Closer To Buying That Convent
Ted Cruz's Former Roommate Accuses the Dildo-Hating GOP Candidate of Masturbating at Least Once
6-year-olds take pickup truck for a joyride in Kansas
Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif put up on sale for £66,000 on Ebay
Airport Dogs Ace At Finding Cheese, Not Drugs
3 men seen cruising down the River Dee in a ....FRIDGE FREEZER!
US cinema chain AMC set to allow customers to text during films
Thailand drunk drivers face morgue work as punishment
Airport sniffer dogs find cheese and sausages - but fail to spot drugs
Man stabbed flatmate after claiming she refused sex
Philly nun charged with DUI says she doesn't remember N.J. crash.
This pizza box doubles as a weed pipe
Pedestrian ticketed after hitting cube truck in crosswalk
Airport sniffer dogs 'failing to spot Class A drugs... but finding plenty of cheese and sausages'
Anonymous Release NASA Documents Proving Something Unbelievable ...
Bono: Send Amy Schumer, Chris Rock to fight ISIL
Bono suggests sending Amy Schumer, Chris Rock and Sacha Baron Cohen to fight extremism
Guilty plea for sexual assault in Singapore thrown out as assailant 'didn't have a penis'
Man who threw brick at Belfast charity office injured after brick bounced back into his face
Trippy Finding on LSD: All Reality Is Illusion
UC Davis spent thousands to scrub pepper-spray references from Internet
Sudanese sorcerer arrested during football match
Navy officer sold secrets to China for Dave & Buster's Power Card
Humanoid waiters in China 'useless' at carrying soup and taking orders
Half the people that buy vinyl records don't own a record player
CaptionBot is Microsoft's latest AI experiment - and at least it isn't racist
The Newmarket Public Library is handing out letters to people with body odour, pointing out that free showers and laundry facilities are close by. [Ontario, Canada]
Design World Outraged By Frond Font Affront
Virginia man with 'suspicious bacon' takes plea deal
Inmate loses lawsuit to worship Flying Spaghetti Monster
Florida Man To Cops: Masturbating Makes Me Feel Like 'Destroying Stuff'
Harvard's all-male student club says it can't let in women because they'd be sexually assaulted
Cemented female protestors continue fight against cement plants
Police department says man tried to hide marijuana in a Baconator
Forbes: Yes "dark souls 3 badly needs an easy mode"
Julianne Moore pushes for gun control after she couldn't shield daughter from Sandy Hook massacre news|"I knew I wouldn't be able to keep the news from my daughter forever, but I didn't want her to hear it accidentally," Moore, 55, wrote.
W.Va. police find marijuana hidden inside Wendy's Baconator burger
Russia eyes corgis as next-gen police dogs
Manchester Airport Sniffer Dogs Only Find "Cheese and Sausages" Instead of Drugs.
Buzz Lightyear wins battle over driving licence.
Kiefer Sutherland tries career move into Country Music
Whining College Students Petition Against Tulane Frat's Trump Wall, Claims It 'Threatens' Muslims
Tulane fraternity builds pro-Trump wall around house
Wanted theft accused acting as magistrate
Katy Perry wins a victory in battle to buy nuns' convent.
ISIS Ditches Toyota For Honda
Kiefer Sutherland Goes Country
BYU students say victims of sexual assault are targeted by Honor Code. Students at the private university in Provo say the school's Honor Code Office investigates and sometimes penalizes alleged victims who report sexual crimes.
Donald Trump calls to "bring back" former Penn State coach Joe Paterno
Man accidentally 'deletes his entire company' with one line of bad code
Open carry brings gun toters to state Capital
Furious 7' Director Expected Oscar Nomination for Keeping Paul Walker "Alive"
'How's Joe Paterno?': Trump asks Pittsburgh crowd about dead Penn State coach
BOY SUES PARENTS $2M FOR BEING BORN GINGER
Inky the octopus escapes New Zealand aquarium, makes it to ocean
Powys mum banned from naming daughter Cyanide by court
Canada's new assisted suicide law to exclude Americans
Recluse who does not use electricity because she's 'allergic to the modern world' is now homeless after her wooden shack was burned down by a candle
Herpes: Australia's Possible Weapon to Tackle a Fishy Problem
Customs Agents Find Live Birds In Vietnamese Traveler's Pants
Flea Performs Bass-Only National Anthem at Kobe Bryant's Final Game
Costco Is Selling So Much Organic Produce, Farmers Can't Keep Up
State helicopter used to retrieve Alabama Governor's wallet
Man escapes jail by impersonating cell mate
UC San Diego provost expects 'the fullest sanctions' for pro-Trump, anti-illegal-alien sidewalk chalking
International crime rings are hacking into businesses to steal... nuts
Electrocuted squirrel sets grass on fire
State Highways Manager Resigns After Being Charged With Drunken Driving
UC Davis Tried Really, Really Hard to Erase That 2011 Pepper Spray Incident From the Internet
"Vicious" seagull attacks woman in Worcester city centre leaving her with a bloody hand
This anti-gay church is about to close due to unpaid bills - and reopen as a center for homeless LGBT youth
Nazareth man shoots car during dispute over hermit crab, cops say
Couple thrilled to find rare chunk of whale vomit worth up to $70,000
Exclusive All-Male Harvard Club Says Letting in Women Could Increase Sexual Misconduct
Michigan RB Drake Johnson Hospitalized After Being Hit by Forklift at Practice
International Crime Rings Targeting California Almonds, Walnuts
Amherst trespasser with suspicious bacon must forfeit firearms, judge rules
Gay penguins left in peace after breeding plans stall
Wrong man released from Genesee County Jail after he impersonates cell mate
Ted Cruz fought to keep dildos illegal as Texas solicitor general
LA unions call for exemption from $15 minimum wage they fought for
Seemingly oblivious couple kisses during bar robbery
AMC announces plans for 'phone-friendly screenings' for 'young people' unable to turn off their phones
Illinois Lawmakers Consider Taxing Drivers Per Mile
Ronald McDonald statue arrested in China for hindering traffic.
Airport Drug Sniffing Dogs Find Lots of Sausage But No Drugs
Katy Perry wins a victory in battle to buy nuns' convent in Los Feliz
Saddam Husein Tried to Ban Pokemon!
Man in Belfast taken to hospital after brick he threw at charity shop window rebounded in his face
Mother told she can't name baby Cyanide, the poison that killed Hitler, as it might harm her children
Michigan Running Back Drake Johnson Reportedly Run Over by Forklift, Hospitalized
Chimpanzee Escapes Zoo, Leads Police on Dramatic 2-Hour Chase
Vogue editor Anna Wintour 'in tears' after getting trapped in basement at Kanye's fashion show
After His Honeymoon, Ted Cruz Immediately Bought 100 Cans Of Soup
Sad clown: Guangzhou chengguan take Ronald McDonald statue into custody.
Bake Off's Paul Hollywood writes angry note to teacher for marking down son's quiche
Emerging Harsh Noise Artist Revealed as Faulty Air Conditioner
Nobel Peace Prize-Winner Obama Dropped 23,144 Bombs in 2015
UK airport sniffer dogs good at finding sausages, but not drugs
Judges stop mother's bid to name her daughter Cyanide, because she thinks it is 'a lovely pretty name' and is positive because it is the poison that killed Hitler
This couple was so into each other that they kissed through an armed robbery in Montana
Chinese college lecturer suspended for trying to grade students on their ability to hold hard liquor
Transgender moths could save your clothes.
High Court thwarts mother's attempt to call daughter Cyanide 'because it was poison that killed Adolf Hitler'
Federal judge rules the Flying Spaghetti Monster is not a God
Read UC Davis' contracts to repair online image
Flying Spaghetti Monster is not God, rules mortal judge
White Woman Trying To Stay Relevant By Writing Book About Race Identity
Police: Drunk Brownwood woman pretends to be bull, charges cars
Wrapped In Each Other's Arms, Couple Fails To Notice Armed Robbery
Star of Anti-Superhero Film Birdman May Star in New Superhero Film as a Birdman
Chinese authorities 'arrest' Ronald McDonald statue
Chinese teacher under fire for grading kids based on their ability to hold hard liquor
Woman Recently Diagnosed As Allergic To Herself
Pedestrian ticketed after hitting cube truck in Halifax crosswalk
Mother banned from naming child Cyanide because it was the poison that killed Hitler
Chinese college teacher suspended after grading students on their ability to hold hard liquor
'Wrong way' seaside bench becomes 'world's first' selfie bench
Kissing couple totally oblivious to armed robbery at bar in Montana
Bad Sniffer Dogs at Airport Keep Finding Only Cheese and Sausages
Canada's new assisted suicide law is trying to prevent "suicide tourism"
Putin Takes Questions From Russian Public In Annual Call-In Show
Stephen Hawking On 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians'? Why He Wants To Be On Show
Corgis Put To The Test As Police Pups In Russia
Spontaneous Dancing is Finally Legal in Sweden
Principal Won't Punish Ninth-Graders Who Hired Male Stripper
Man accused of dog's rape, murder claimed dog killed his iguana
Subways new slogan "Fresh is what we do"
Man injured after 'brick bounced back' in PIPS office attack
Couple so focused on making out that they don't notice an armed robbery.
AMC Theatres may allow cellphone use during movies in order to court millennials
Gov. Robert Bentley says helicopter retrieval of wallet "looks bad," but not illegal
Harry Potter Publisher Goes on a Bizarre Anti-Piracy Rampage
Justice Minister: Ban Sexy Adverts to End Migrant Rape Epidemic
VIDEO: Wrapped In Each Other's Arms, Couple Fails To Notice Armed Robbery
Politician proposes unleashing 500,000 cats to combat Roman rat invasion
CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY OFFICIALLY DECLARES GOLF IS NO LONGER A CRIME
Police: Man stinks up downtown Athens bar with fart spray
UC Davis trying to hide online proof of abuse
U.S. Civil War: The US-Russian Alliance that Saved the Union, by Webster G. Tarpley
China says it is no longer a crime to play golf
Titusville Police: Mom told boy to 'just go to bed' after he'd been shot
Secret plot to let 50million African workers into EU
Curry Chef Prepared Food After Wiping Behind With His Bare Hands On Toilet Break
Boxer Accused Of Terrorizing Sheetz While Holding Blueberry Muffin, Tactical Knife
Sony's Emoji Movie is going to take place entirely inside a smartphone
Putin: Obama is a 'decent,' 'very responsible' man
Mom sues over daughter's bad dates
James Cameron Just Announced a Fifth Avatar Movie
High School Shames Student for Writing Politically Incorrect Essay It Knew Was Satire
An Actual Emoji Movie Is in the Works
Owner of "Nate Dogg Cellular" arrested, accused of harassing customer
Ontario energy rates going up because Ontario citizens conserved energy this past winter.
AMC Theaters Might Soon Let Millennials Use Their Phones During Movies
Couple Making Out At Is Bar Oblivious To Robbery Next To Them
Megabus rider terrified as man masturbates for 3 hours
More moose on the loose in a warmer Alaska
Millions of women left unabused after Twitter outage
Man Wants To Implant Vibrator Next To His Genitals
Philadelphia woman files $200 million lawsuits against Kendrick Lamar, Beyoncé and Jay Z Read more at http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/entertainment/Philadelphia-woman-files-200-million-lawsuits-against-Kendrick-Lamar-Beyonce-and-Jay-Z
Totino's ads cater to marijuana users
Worshipping the Flying Spaghetti Monster is not a real religion, court rules
Loch Ness researchers find 'monster' on lake floor
President Obama gets to see the new Game Of Thrones before anybody else
Bill Gates 'surprised' by who's NOT in Panama Papers
James Cameron confirms FOUR 'Avatar' sequels coming in the next 7 years
Ted Cruz's wife reveals he bought 100 soup cans after honeymoon
Japan is being overwhelmed a growing army of radioactive boars
Teens love Snapchat. Also Instagram.
Ted Cruz's wife reveals he bought 100 soup cans after their honeymoon
AMC CEO Says Company Is Mulling Over Text-Friendly Movie Theaters
AMC Theatres May Allow Texting in Some Movies to Appeal to Millennials
Palin: Bill Nye 'as much as scientist as I am'
Pepper Spray Cop Never Forget
China's 'Fake' Cities Are Eerie Replicas of Paris, London and Jackson Hole, Wyoming
Electrocuted squirrel starts grass fire
AMC may allow texting during movies, because millennials
Texting at the movies? AMC getting bad reviews for idea
Potato chips lead woman to cancer diagnosis
Czech Republic, Seeking a Snappier Name, Considers a Change
Film: Bollywood icon chases himself around the world
Palin: Bill Nye 'as much a scientist as I am'
Ted Cruz really hates dildos
Finally, Spontaneous Dancing Is No Longer Illegal in Sweden
Saudi Arabia says money sent to Malaysian PM [$681m] was a 'genuine donation'
Saudi Arabia says money sent to Malaysian PM was a 'genuine donation'
Feminists Launch Database to Identify Anyone Who Disagrees
Mexico's President Is Skipping the Big UN Drug Meeting That Mexico Demanded
British court rules woman can't name her daughter Cyanide
Ben Carson says he has no memory of running for president
Chacha the Chimp Escapes Japanese Zoo, Then Takes a Fall
'Dora the Explorer' Actress Accused in Vaping Lawsuit
A Fake Interview With Ukraine's 'President' Points to Deeper Intrigue
Shotgun-wielding 'Southern Momma' blows away her 'disrespectful' kids' iPhones
Veteran Has to Submit Forms Every Year Confirming His Legs Are Still Missing
Laxative-laced brownie prank sickens school members
People With Anxiety Perceive The World Differently
Failed Kickstarter Wants Backers to Pay $97 for Faster Delivery On a Months-Delayed Project
Mother beat her son to send punishment video to ex for leaving her
Man high on sleeping pills wakes up to find he bought a yak
Nickelback Hatred Finally Explained by Science
Russian mother beat her son to send punishment video to her ex for leaving her
Dude! Vancouver Aquatic Centre avoids becoming giant 'hotbox' by closing for 4/20
Is a 1,500-year-old Mongolian mummy 'wearing Adidas boots' proof that time travel exists?
Czech Republic plans to adopt snappier name of 'Czechia'
Woman's Love of Potato Chips Leads to Early Throat Cancer Diagnosis
Teen Makes Emotional Plea for Court to Forgive His Dad Who Kidnapped Him as a Boy
Swedish royal family lets a refugee live with them, he ends up stealing the royal jewels and sells them to a marijuana dealer
Georgia Principal Paddles 5-Year-Old, Threatens Boy's Mom With Jail
Tennessee governor vetoes bill to make the bible the state's official book
London toilet for rent at £3,000 per month
Man to Travel in 'Ocean Bubble' From South Florida to Puerto Rico
North Korea launches missile to celebrate founder's birthday, but the test is a failure.
Church told gay CEOs at Qantas, SBS to stop supporting marriage equality
A weird hoax prompts fast food workers in 3 states to suddenly smash restaurant windows
Roman Catholic church fighting to block bills to remove statute of limitations on child molestation charges
Vegetarianism is anti-nationalism, says Kancha Ilaiah
Sarah Palin Doesn't Think Bill Nye Is A Real Scientist
Woman sues Apple, Nike for combined $5 billion; says they stole her idea | MLive.com
Baby boy born from world's oldest sperm after dad froze it 23 years ago
Roman Catholic church fighting to block legislation that removes the statute of limitations on child molestation charges
Most Wanted Fugitives In The World
Robot Enrolled in High School in Japan
Man paid in meth shot after defecating in employer's yard
Gay North Carolina waitress reveals that customers 'tipped' her with Bible verse calling for her death
Raunchy KFC ad campaign removed in an hour
'Don't Eat Our Pasta Sauces Every Day' says Dolmio
Chimp who escaped Japan zoo caught after wild two-hour chase
Elephant attacks man who tried to take a selfie with it
Websites of small Australian buisnesses attacked by ISIS hacker group.
'Are you joking?': Small Australian businesses targeted by pro-IS hackers
Czech Republic officials say country would like to be called 'Czechia' instead
máy nén khí trục vít
Soul Sacrifice - PS Vita
Jamaica may legalise weed and get rid of the Queen
Explosives sent to tourist attraction by police force in a knife amnesty mix-up
British Ironworks Centre 'was sent explosives by police'
New Zealand hotel bans cyclists in Lycra to cut out 'bulges' at breakfast
Dolmio and Uncle Ben's warn their pasta sauce should only be eaten 'occasionally'
Racehorse named Horsey McHorseface in Boaty McBoatface homage
Fake neurosurgeon worked at Lahore's Services Hospital for eight months
'Asylum Seekers' Turning Down Free Meals, Would Rather Have The Money Instead.
School Band Director Found Hiding in Teen's Closet Arrested
PM Nawaz up for 'sale' on eBay
Avatar 2, 3, 4 and 5 will be released over the next seven years
Man accidentally deletes entire company with one line of code
David Cameron Announces Panama Papers Taskforce
Harry Reid: 'I learned a lot in honesty from a man who ran a whorehouse'
Man hand-feeds a wild brown bear in Siberia
Why more women are letting their husbands cheat
STIs may have driven ancient humans to monogamy, study says
Bill Nye open to criminal charges, jail time for climate-change dissenters
QUT student faces $200,000 bill in Facebook post racism row
Bug-Killing Spray Ignites House, Cockroaches Survive
Gwyneth Paltrow doubles down on crack vs. cheese
Putin: 'I eat porridge with pleasure. Every Day.'
A US sperm bank is getting sued for presenting a mentally ill felon as a healthy donor
KFC deleted a NSFW ad from Twitter after just 1 hour
Sen. McCaskill: Son once called me 'best prostitute in Kansas City'
Banks Still Too Big to Regulate
I don't want a baby but like the idea of having an adult child
Jean-Michel Jarre and Edward Snowden Team Up for New Song
Pa. school district: 'Squirt gun assassin' game dangerous
Dolmio and Uncle Ben's warn that their pasta sauces should only be eaten once a week
In meeting with Orthodox, Trump reveals Israel advisers: His Jewish lawyers
Racehorse named Horsey McHorseFace because 'Hey, why not?'
Alan Titchmarsh airlifted to hospital after eating fish, chips and an entire Easter egg
Scientists created stuttering mice to help people who stutter
Female masturbation can apparently open 'a portal to hell'
Mars Food tells customers to go easy on pasta sauce, macaroni cheese
Chimp flees Japan zoo, caught after falling from power pole
Germany grants Turkish call to allow comic's prosecution
BernieBots, DeceptiDons bring vicious politics
Ala. Honor Roll Student, 7, Faced Suspension Over Part in Haircut
Sarah Palin says "Bill Nye is as much as scientist as I am."
Man Wins Right to Change Name To Buzz Lightyear on Driver's License
Owners give racehorse the excellent name of Horsey McHorseface
Ireland's famous Sammy the seal afraid of Trump photo
A very well-behaved dog is Rays newest star player
'Major victory' for kids suing Obama
It's all fun and games until you get arrested after using fart spray at a bar
Smoking dead scorpions is Pakistani province's latest dangerous addiction
'Bill Nye Is as Much a Scientist as I am': Sarah Palin
Anti-Cyber Bullying Site Gets Cyber Bullied By 4chan
Climate change denier Sarah Palin: 'Bill Nye is as much a scientist as I am'
Putin admits Panama Papers 'accurate,' blames US
Child abuse detective admits sexually touching a girl
BYU students say victims of sexual assault are targeted by Honor Code
Using a car's indicators is a sign of weakness
Why bearcats smell like buttered popcorn
Venezuela wants to save electricity by changing time zone
Couple arrested for overdue library books.
Report: U of M RB Drake Johnson hit by forklift, hospitalized
Domestic abusers to be removed from their homes during Sunday's Rangers v Celtic Scottish Cup semi final
Big Rig Carrying Wine Coolers Flips on I-880 in Hayward
In Pakistan, cop shows judge how grenade works, literally - Times of India
Jean-Michel Jarre and Edward Snowden collaborate on new song Exit
Alleged Brussels Terrorist Was Star Of Documentary About Successful Integration Of Immigrants
Nike Takes A Subtle Approach To 4/20 With A Dunk Made Of Hemp
Police Helicopter Sent for US Governor's Lost Wallet
Cruz: iPads replacing humans due to minimum wage
SunEdison Investigates Self, Finds No Evidence of Fraud
Prosecutors say teacher accused of sex with teen boy "begged his parents not to report her"
In the midst of my busy day filled with visions of grandeur
Florida woman found to be allergic to herself
Nosy wolf with its nose right up to the camera
Sarah Palin: "Bill Nye Is as Much a Scientist as I Am"
Mississippi governor signs law allowing guns in churches
Hotel bans men from wearing Lycra cycling shorts because of 'unsightly bulges'
'Brain Drinks' Might Make You Less Smart
Bomb maker who lost hands prohibited from arming himself
Ben Carson Says He Has No Memory of Running for President - The New Yorker
(Luka Magnotta) did not kill Jun Lin because he was a ... cold-blooded killer
Woman Poses As A Constable To Impress Husband And In-Laws, Gets Arrested By Police
Pakistani university bans male and female students to sit or walk... together
Wayback Burgers Offers the Five Guys Hamburglar Free Food for a Year.
Austin council member offers Satanic amendment to compassion measure
Half of UK Vinyl Buyers Don't Actually Listen to Their LPs, Survey Finds
Secret Harvard club breaks silence, followed by an apology
We Tried To Have Sex With Ghosts And Here's What Happened
NBA approves on-jersey advertising program
Overcome by sleep, FedEx worker accidentally stows away on flight
Edward Snowden has too much free time, starts making music
KFC apologizes for 'NSFW' Twitter ad that got too spicy
The Battle Over the Sea Monkey Fortune - A former 1960s bondage-film actress is waging legal combat with a toy company for ownership of her husband's mail-order aquatic-pet empire.
Parents Outraged By 'KKK Chicken' School Lunch
Michigan Couple Arraigned on Larceny Charges for Late Library Books
Kasich on sexual assault: Don't go to parties with alcohol
Heroic Woman Makes It Through Two Innings of Yankees Game Before Googling 'How Long Does a Baseball Game Last?'
Roach-Infested Apartment Explodes, Roaches Are Totally Fine With It
Conservative website calls for Tim Tebow congressional bid
Police: Man stinks up Georgia bar using flatulence spray
A Georgia man has been arrested after police say he unleashed a bottle of flatulence spray inside an Athens bar
This is the world's first ever mattress that can tell if your partner's cheating on you
US sailor rescued nine times sells boat
The SF Giants banned hotel room service for Pablo Sandoval so he wouldn't overeat
9th Grade Girls Hire Male Stripper for Team Party
Company gives its employees PTO to recover from Game of Thrones premier
Canadian father gives dying son maple syrup instead of medicine
Kasich to female college student: 'Don't go to parties where there's a lot of alcohol'
D.C. mayor calls for citywide vote to make nation's capital the 51st state
Canadian pilot who died in Nashville crash was drunk, celebrity-obsessed
Who Will Protect Us From Space Pirates?
Priest mistaken for KKK member while getting FroYo
Mysterious! Taylor Swift Named Next of Kin by Pilot Who Died in Crash
Sarah Palin claims to be as scientifically qualified as Bill Nye
Sarah Palin ludicrously claims that Bill Nye 'is as much a scientist as I am'
Iran bars female MP for 'shaking hands with unrelated man'
In Brooklyn, Kasich Tells Yeshiva Students 'How the Jews Got to Egypt' 'Did you know that?'
Brussels terrorist suspect featured in Swedish documentary about integration
David Cameron says it is 'unfair' to criticise British-controlled tax havens
Taylor Swift obsessive Michael Callan who died in 2013 listed her as emergency contact
FedEx employee falls asleep loading plane in Memphis, wakes up in Texas
Alberta 'creationist' finds 60m-year-old fish fossils - BBC News
Sarah Palin mocks Bill Nye over climate change: He's 'as much as scientist as I am'
Across the country, school districts are quietly arming teachers for the next shooting
Venezuela travels forward in time half an hour to help ease energy crisis
Windsor pilot who died in Nashville crash was drunk, obsessed with celebrity
Ted Cruz's Love For Soup Apparently Knows No Bounds
Anna Wintour apologises for 'migrant chic' comments
Father 'shot son three times because the orange juice ran out'
California Highway Patrol says man was told by judge he was going to jail so he ran out of courtroom
The Zoo Owner Who Called a Baboon a 'Cocksucker' on TV Has Been Charged for Whipping a Tiger
Sarah Palin claims Bill Nye is "a kid's show actor; not a scientist"
James Cameron tells CinemaCon crowd: four Avatar sequels planned, not three
Trump's foreign policy adviser allegedly lied about being in the model U.N.
German Police Fired 85 Bullets All Year, US Police Use 90 on 1 Person
Man uses flatulence spray to stink up bar
DePaul University bans chalk for student safety
Striking Verizon workers hit by company attorney driving a Porsche
Taxi driver accused of biting off man's thumb after passengers laughed at his name
Cleveland man charged with murder after death from ruptured testicle
Dogs taught how to fly a plane - seriously
Police: Man stinks up Athens bar using flatulence spray
Child rescued from hot car outside strip club while mom, friend audition
Curious cassowary 'Peanut' ventures into home, forcing owners to take cover
Kentucky pastor defends hiring of convicted sex offender: 'It takes two to tango'
Mississippi governor signs law allowing armed church security
Bolivia's President Suggested the Pope Try Coca
Bolivian President urges Pope to chew coca leaves
Tourism chiefs invite singer of hit drugs song to see other side of Ibiza
Michigan couple faces jail over lost Dr. Seuss library book
'Tiger Whisperer' Mauled To Death At Florida Zoo
Ted Cruz says he won't ban dildos if he becomes president.
Woman Cuts Off Rapists Genitals, Forces Him To Eat It At Gunpoint
Justin Bieber Is Into Hentai Coloring Books
Fight on Facebook escalates to shots fired in Emery County
Nuns: We have to lock doors during Mass because of strip club next door
Man Arrested for Farting Up a Bar
Canadian creationist who believes the world is only 6,000 yrs old, accidentally discovered a 60-million-year-old fish fossil while excavating a basement.
BP CEO to get $3.3 million raise after 12,000 layoffs
China is using Mr. Bean and Batman to help explain the importance of protecting state secrets
Michigan Judge Hugh Clarke Holds Himself In Contempt After Smartphone Rings In Court
Comcast Trash-Talked Google Fiber and It Backfired Because Everyone Hates Them
Using a Dyson hand dryer is like setting off a viral bomb in a bathroom
Apparent Red Wings Fan Allegedly Tosses Octopus During Bruins Game
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's wine list is embarrassing and boring: industry experts
Rachel Dolezal will publish a book about race
Carbonara Purists Can't Stop the Pasta Revolution
Spilled animal intestines on highway during rush hour.
Edward Snowden creates techno track with Jean-Michel Jarre
Whistleblower Edward Snowden just dropped a techno track with a legend
Truck spills load of animal intestines on interstate
Scientists Send Wireless Data Through Pork Loin
China's military has a new enemy: Disney's 'Zootopia'
'Politikats' turns political leaders into cat scratching posts
ESPN Has Decided Drone Racing Is a Sport Because Internet
Apollo Therapeutics: Dr Richard Butt Appointed CEO
New design arabic hijab fashion
'Whale vomit' could fetch $70,000
Mentally ill 'Human Ken Doll' who spent $400G on plastic surgery suffering from rotting nose
Girl held by Boko Haram: 'I'd have shot at rescuers'
Ironically-named snooker player Steve 'Interesting' Davis to become 'DJ Thundermuscle'
Economic Inequality Complaints Are Just A Cover For Anti-Rich Prejudice
University students are struggling to read entire books
Steve Davis: 'Call me DJ Thundermuscle!'
Saudi Arabia Warns of Economic Fallout if Congress Passes 9/11 Bill
Galway women waiting in hospital for nine weeks actually dead
Brown bear running on a rural road in Russia
Terry Wogan 'totally spoiled' Eurovision, says contest producer
Bono to senators: Send Amy Schumer, Chris Rock to fight ISIS
In surprise twist St. Paul man recovers not one, but two stolen urns containing father's remains
Bay Area Crossfit coach scales 25-foot wall, saves family after crash
Kanye West tells wheelchair-user to stand up
Maharashtra: Youth arrested for molesting 100-year-old woman
Czech Republic: Call us Czechia
Dope destruction clouds waft into supermarket car park
Huge drug raid found so much weed that the National Guard was called in
Hamas Destroys Gaza Tunnels after Exposing Underground Arab-on-Jew 'Butt Parties'
Boxer Muhammad Ali qualifies for Rio Olympics
jeux pc gratuit a telecharger complet en francais
Companies Are Celebrating the New Living Wage By Finding Ways to Not Pay People
The Vatican Confirms Pope Will Bring 12 Syrian Muslim Refugees, Including 6 Children, to Italy
Uncannily-Skilled 'Dungeons & Dragons' Enthusiast Might Be Antichrist
Georgia man squirts fart spray called Liquid ASS on woman in bar, sparking mass exodus at Athens establishment
1600 Sanders Supporters To Bang Pots Outside George Clooney's SF Fundraiser For Hillary Clinton
Man Gets Paid For Doing His Job
Muslim woman kicked off plane as flight attendant said she 'did not feel comfortable' with the passenger
jeux de train simulator 2015
Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster conducts legal wedding in New Zealand - A pastarafian couple in New Zealand has become the first to "tie the noodly knot" in a legally recognized ceremony officiated by an ordained "ministeroni" from the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster conducts legal wedding in New Zealand
Verizon Lawyer Hits Striking Employees with His Porsche: Union
Don't worry, Ted Cruz won't ban dildos
Smart vibrator promises better orgasms and could even tell you how long to spend on foreplay
Woman claims her life was saved by a potato chip
Airplane Stowaway Turns Out to be FedEx Worker Who Fell Asleep
Belgium Lawmaker Compares Islamist Terrorists to Jews Hiding From Nazis
Man says too much music, masturbation caused him to vandalize Largo home
Nazi flag dismays Robertson County neighbors
Michigan couple faces jail time after failing to return Dr. Seuss library book.
Brussels Terrorist Suspect Starred in Film on Successful Immigrant Integration
Wife, husband arraigned on charges stemming from late library books
Vancouver Aquatic Centre closing on 4/20 to avoid hot boxing the pool
Kate Middleton Stunned as Bhutan Archers Insult Prince Willie's Private Parts
Desperate 30-somethings are spending thousands on liposuction for Coachella... *sigh*
Man customizes a rifle to honor Donald Trump
Bathroom Re-opens With On Duty Compliance Officer.
Pope Francis calls Sanders greeting only 'common courtesy'
Carpet Cleaning | Nettoyage Imperial
Terror suspect's phone password 'was jihad'
This Woman Turned Her Collection of Unsolicited Dick Pics into an Art Show
Americans would never share sovereignty, claims mayor of London unaware of 'United States'
Crestview man builds custom rifle for Donald Trump
Brussels Terrorist Was Poster Boy For 2005 Documentary On Integration
Former 2016 Presidential Candidates To Start A Band
Man hit in face by brick 'which rebounded after he threw it at charity shop window'
Former presidential contenders Martin O'Malley and Mike Huckabee might start a band
Iraq hit by actual tornado after years of bombing by UK Tornado jets
The Secret World of Tiny Phones That Go Inside Your Butt
6ft-Tall Fugitive Found Hiding In Dishwasher
'Tiger whisperer' mauled to death in Florida
Lesbian angry about lack of migrant burials; decides to performs them himself.
'Tiger whisperer' mauled to death in tiger's sleeping area at Palm Beach Zoo
Clooney's neighbor throwing Saturday fundraiser for Sanders: Howard Gold, whose family founded the 99 Cents Only store chain, is calling his bash the "99% Party," with tickets selling for $27 per person
Innocent man ends up friends with crooked cop who framed him
Why Is The World Willing To Spend On Arms But Not On Environment?
Pope meets emotional Lesbos
'Shy' pandas finally mate after zookeepers poke the female with a 15ft stick with an APPLE on the end to get her in the mood for love
Innocent man ends up pals with crooked cop that framed him
Giant Pandas finally mate after being poked with a stick
Iowa brothers die of drug overdoses on the same day Their mother is an anti-heroin activist
North Tulsa church having issues with sign
Self-declared Kenyan 'Prophet' Yohana Wanyama opens up on 36 wives, church and new bible
Lesbian man is a reminder of deadly migrant trail.
Longest film ever made releases new 7 hour trailer
We Asked 22 Mannequins To Say Something If They Could Hear Us
Kenya: Self-declared Kenyan Prophet' Yohana Wanyama opens up on 36 wives, church and new bible
"Tiger whisperer" mauled to death by tiger
Memphis FedEx employee accidentally ships himself to Texas
A tiny forest tribe built a DIY drone from YouTube to fight off illegal loggers
'Game of Thrones': Journalist Files FOIA Request for President Obama's Season 6 Screeners
A Zookeeper Known as "The Tiger Whisperer" Was Killed by a Tiger
'Sodomite slayer' pastor claims God will make flames shoot out of gay men's buttholes
Soulbury stone: White lines 'horrific' and 'an eyesore'
Tennessee FedEx employee naps, is shipped to Texas with packages.
'Ghost in the Shell' Ran Tests to Make White Actors Look Asian
The Man Who Got Hillary Clinton to Care About UFOs
Baaaad idea: DoD spent $6 million on failed goat-mating project
Mom left 9-month-old in hot car for strip club audition
Bernie Sanders: Pope Francis is a 'beautiful man' - video
Teenager shot by man while playing with water guns
Michael Bublé Doesn't Know How To Eat Corn On The Cob
Megabus Masturbator Terrifies Woman In 3 Hour Ride From Hell: Cops
Police: Mother leaves infant in hot car for strip club audition, 2 arrested
Police marijuana burn-off wafts smoke over supermarket carpark
Man arrested in Coralville for masturbating during Megabus trip
Clooney on Political Fundraising: 'It's an Obscene Amount of Money'
Bếp điện từ Munchen bị trào khi đun có tự tắt không ?
Sanders supporters shower Clinton motorcade with $1 bills
Sarah Palin claims Bill Nye "is as much a scientist as I am"
Domino's now lets you order pizza just by launching an app - no clicking required
Domino's - Order a Pizza by Launching an App - No Clicking Required
Ohio Dad Faces Charges for Stranger-Danger Prank
300 hours to make edible wedding dress
'Wear wet clothes': Trimbakeshwar temple allows entry of women on one offensive condition
Prison Inmates Argue Their Way to a Win Against West Point
San Francisco Giants Banned Pablo Sandoval From Ordering Room Service
BRUSSELS TERRORIST STARRED IN PRO-IMMIGRANT DOCUMENTARY Poster boy for successful integration into Swedish society arrested
In 2005 a Baltimore man was arrested and handcuffed to a pole for 3 hours for paying a $114 fee with 57 $2 bills. The secret service was called to make sure it wasn't counterfeit money - which indeed it was not.
Don't Worry, Ted Cruz Won't Ban Dildos If He's President
DERANGED Sanders surrogate calls Netanyahu one of 'the most DANGEROUS wo...
Roach-Infested Apartment Explodes; Roaches Are Totally Fine
Man tries to eradicate roach infestation, blows up house, roaches survive.
"If they do not send us our inmates back, we can't make it," said one county supervisor.
Trooper helps superheroes get to child's birthday party
Student gets stuck in giant Vagina
As the last known 1906 SF earthquake survivor passes away, city resorts to parading 'honorary survivors'.
George Clooney: "Sanders is right about obscene amount of money in Politics" - after having hosted a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton
Kicked Out of Job, Love Failure and Depression Turns Nakul a Serial Dog Killer
SAUDI ARABIA: PANEL OF SCIENTISTS ADMITS WOMEN ARE MAMMALS, YET 'NOT HUMAN'
Smoking dead scorpions is pakistan's latest dangerous addiction
California School District Arming Teachers
Boaty McBoatface tops public poll to name £200m polar research vessel
North Korea weighs in on Trump: 'Absurd and illogical'
В Польшу на мебельный завод нужны рабочие
Terrorism & Mass Surveillance | Are We Safe ?
AC/DC confirms Axl Rose as new frontman
Boaty McBoatface wins poll to name polar research vessel
Game Developers Need To "Suck It Up" And Stop Complaining About "Fair Wages" And "80 Hour Work Week"
Jeremy Corbyn has joined Snapchat
Man accidentally discovers "perfectly preserved" Roman villa in his backyard - Luke Irwin came across a well preserved Roman villa dating back 1,400 yrs which may have been home to an emperor
Sanders supporters shower Clinton motorcade with dollar bills
Toronto Zoo investigates after woman jumps tiger's fence to retrieve hat
My threesome with Clarence Thomas
Name our ship too
Helicopter trip to fetch governor's wallet during marriage spat may cost taxpayers $4,000
Someone tried to sell a bag of air from Kobe Bryant's final game
Saudi Arabia's religious police ordered to be 'gentle'
Australia: Man Stabbed at Kiddush Following Herring Dispute
Boaty McBoatface Wordsmith to Advise Royal Caribbean on Future Ship Read more at http://www.royalcaribbean.com/connect/boaty-mcboatface-may-consult-on-new-ship-names/#mvV0vc8lTvT9AwmP.99
Clinton backer George Clooney condemns 'obscene' sums in White House race
Shrek the Musical under fire for use of transphobic slur.
Clinton backer George Clooney condemns 'obscene' sums in White House race | Reuters
Webbiu | Yeni Nesil Web Blogu
Rugby player tried to eat £850 worth of crack cocaine and heroin after being caught dealing
The latest craze in Japan is comparing babies to bread rolls
Boaty McBoatface tops poll name for polar research vessel
Boaty McBoatface tops poll of name for polar research vessel
Golfer Named "Beef" Can't Wait To Go Home And "Get Hammered" After First Tour Win
Woman left infant in hot car for strip club audition
Guns N' Roses singer Axl Rose to join AC/DC for tour dates
Texas inmate who escaped from custody in hospital found in girlfriend's dishwasher
John Kasich Really Wants New Yorkers To Know He Eats Pickles
Crashed car man sentenced for 'sarcastically slapping' policeman at beauty spot
Scientists Strap Down Ants And Shave Them
UB mistakenly sends 5,000 acceptance emails
Republican Voters Want Say in Choosing Nominee, Poll Finds
North Korea thinks Donald Trump is 'absurd' and 'illogical'
School tells A-level students to wear target grades around their necks
School is slammed for asking students to wear their expected A-level grades on 'nooses' around their necks to 'make them aware' what they're aiming for
New TMNT movie not unclude me :(
School made students wear their expected A-level grades round their necks
After 4 Years... Copyright Holders Still Think Megaupload is Alive
SNL tried to joke about the heroin epidemic in America. Not all of America laughed.
Couple face 3-month jail term for lost 'Dr. Suess' Library book
John Kasich Tells Women to Avoid Drunken Parties so They Don't Get Raped
People are bidding on a 'bag of air' from Kobe Bryant's last game
Man accidentally discovers 'perfectly preserved' Roman villa in his backyard
How Does Boaty McBoatface Sound For A Cruise Ship Name?
India Hindu leader: 'Women in Shani temple will increase rapes' - BBC News
India Hindu leader: 'Women in Shani temple will increase rapes'
Americans are more likely than the rest of the world to believe hard works pays off
UNESCO says no Jewish history on Temple Mount; Hebron and Bethlehem 'Integral part of Palestine'
Castro, 84, says Cuba's leaders are too old, proposes limits
Mother claims principal threatened her with jail if 5-year-old son wasn't paddled
'Shipping error' sends Blackhawks cups to St. Louis Dunkin' Donuts
1 dead, 2 hurt after lawn mower towing wheelchair hit by truck
George Clooney admits price of political fundraising is 'obscene'
Our media is just this dumb: Easily suckered press screws Bernie Sanders again - Salon.com
Sharnbrook Upper School sixth form students wearing target grades around their necks
North Korean official on Trump comments: 'Totally absurd and illogical'
Math teacher goes bonkers after student reports him for watching porn in class
Woman Known as the 'Tiger Whisperer' Mauled to Death by Tiger
Netherlands looks to ban all non-electric cars by 2025
Teen pleads not guilty to livestreaming friend's rape
'Tiger whisperer' Stacey Konwiser mauled to death by big cat in Palm Beach zoo
The Netherlands is making moves to ban all non-electric vehicles by 2025
Paramedic responds to police chase crash, finds that she's been a theft victim
One Neapolitan to go: Pizza delivery cops nab mafia boss
Chinese Military Paper Thinks Disney's 'Zootopia' Is American Propaganda
Texas man brings real weapon to water gun fight , shoots 15 year old girl.
Woman Who Called Herself "Tiger Whisperer" Mauled to Death by a Tiger
Professional Educator: Grades, Showing Up On Time Are A Form Of White Supremacy
Lake District power plant will generate energy from cheese
Brussels terrorists kept their plans in an unencrypted folder called "TARGET"
Mafia chief arrested by police officers disguised as pizza delivery boys in Italy
A Place Where Marine Life Watch the Humans Dine...
Cuckoo clocks? Venezuela shifting time hoping to save energy
Public overwhelmingly votes to call $200 million research vessel Boaty McBoatface
FedEx employee naps, is shipped with packages to Texas
GOP convention goers asked to leave guns at home
Australia's dick finally drops off.
Presenter plans to take hallucinogenic drug as part of TV show
Inside Taco Bell's incredible two-year journey to find the perfect way to melt cheese
College Student Is Removed From Flight After Speaking Arabic on Plane
'Boaty McBoatface' tops public vote as name of polar ship
The latest thing to get big in Japan is comparing babies to bread
Boaty McBoatface 'unlikely' to be name of Britain's new polar research vessel despite runaway win of public vote
The latest craze in Japan is comparing babies to bread
Want To Rage While You Yoga? Now There's Rage Yoga
Taco Bell's Incredible Two-Year Quest to Melt Cheese
Journalist Files Freedom Of Information Act Request To Get President Obama's Game Of Thrones Screeners
Only Obama Gets Game Of Thrones Screeners, So I Filed An FOIA Request For Them
EBay removes listing for 'air' from Kobe's last game after bidding reaches $15K
Corn-Fed Crocodiles Make Better Handbags - Bloomberg
Can Amy Schumer defeat ISIS?
'Boaty McBoatface' Wins Poll to Name Polar Research Ship
MSNBC's Joy Ann Reid Horrified By Sanders Supporters "Throwing Dollar Bills" At Hillary "As If In A Strip Club"
North Korean official: Donald Trump's remarks 'absurd and illogical'
To the priests, that is
Priests are handing out 'how to recognise us' guides after one Father was mistaken for a KKK member
Driving Miss Daisy Dog: Washington firm launches limousine service for pets
SEVEN HOUR Trailer Released For Longest Movie Ever Made
Old Woman Mistakenly Prays to a Statue of a League of Legends Character Thinking it is an Ancient God
"Boaty McBoatface" wins UK poll for name of $280M research vessel
Altar girls make the liturgy unappealing to men
Best man speech from hell: I've slept with both bride and groom
Coachella 2016: Run the Jewels Introduced By Bernie Sanders
A small drone has collided with a British Airways plane over London.
UC student removed from airline for speaking Arabic
George Clooney complains of 'obscene' amount of money in politics after raising US$15M for Clinton
Mother left baby in hot car to make strip club audition
Clooney calls money in politics 'obscene' -- including what he's raising
Sekian Banyak Kenyataan Menarik Kekalahan Barcelona dari Valencia
For Sale: One Used Internet Company Called Yahoo
Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster: 'Noodly knot' tied in religion's first legal wedding
Feminist Are Launching A Database To Identify And Punish Men For Arguing On The Internet
'Drought Is An Event For Which It's Pointless To Plan In Advance': Uma Bharti, cabinet minister for water resources, river development in the Government of India.
'Drought Is An Event For Which It's Pointless To Plan In Advance': Uma Bharti
Amber Heard: Johnny Depp's wife pleads guilty in dog trial
React: More Tweeters Want to Fight Donald Trump Than Vote For Him
McDonald's restaurant testing out all-you-can-eat french fries
Confirmed: Axl Rose Is AC/DC's New Lead Singer
URINATING MONKEY SAVES 30 LIVES OF ONE FAMILY
Trump Bashes Cruz 'Wining and Dining' Delegates, But Says He Has 'Better Toys'
Australian Politician Barnaby Joyce has made Johnny Depp and Amber Heard film an apology for bringing theirs dogs into Australia illegally last year
Bernie Sanders introduces Run the Jewels at Coachella
Woman Calls Off Marriage After Groom Fails To Get Toilet Built At His Home
Johnny Depp's wife cops good behavior bond as Australia ends 'war on terrier'
Pizza the action: police posing as delivery boys arrest mafia boss in Italy
RIP- Town honours pack of crushed chocolate digestives with shrine
Artist threatened with lawsuit over nude Donald Trump picture
AC/DC replaces singer who can't hear with singer who can't sing
Rival firms brawl with bulldozers in southern China
Man takes sleeping pills, accidentally orders a yak online
59-Year-Old Man Arrested For Repeatedly Raping A Crocodile
Meet the woman who makes fake fingers for Japan's reformed gangsters
You Can Now Play Flappy Bird On An E-Cigarette.
Boaty McBoatface: The runaway winner of ship naming public vote
Fighting patent trolls with stuff and nonsense
They called it 'the worst job in the world' - my life as a Guardian moderator
Some Hong Kong women would rather die alone than date Hong Kong men
Overdue library books row leaves couple facing jail
Australian swimmer sorry after 'nipple tweak' allegation
Police calm hipster frenzy at Berlin vegan restaurant
xppost f ree Classifieds Ads Free posting
Smoking dead scorpions is KP's latest dangerous addiction
Op-Ed: Why I as a Pakistani Muslim joined the Zionist Movement
New Zealand stages first Pastafarian wedding on pirate boat
FBI-Themed Stripper Triggers Panic, Security Alert in Frankfurt
Everything you thought you knew about baby carrots was almost definitely a lie
Reporter files FOIA Request for President Obama's 'Game of Thrones' screeners
Crappie time coming soon in Minnesota
Chinese man goes shopping escorted by robot 'maids'
A herbal root resembling a woman's body is up for sale in China
Tiger recovering after killing Florida zoo worker
Leading Philippines presidential contender: Gang rape victim 'so beautiful' he wishes he had 'been first'
Facebook lovers turned out to be a married couple
World's first Pastafarian wedding takes place in New Zealand
Man blows up house to get rid of cockroaches - cockroaches survive the blast
Japan to introduce an Invisible Train
Tax preppers jailed years for filing bogus returns for prison inmates
This Mattress Will Tell You if You're Being Cheated On
Family blows up apartment spraying for roaches. The roaches survive
Patient leaves ambulance, runs on freeway, is killed by cars
Theresa May 'tried to alter drug report because she didn't like its conclusions'
George Clooney Throws $353K Per Couple Hillary Fundraiser - Then Complains About Money in Politics
Selfie craze caused a surge in lip surgeries in 2015
Landslide win for 'Boaty McBoatface' in $300M research ship naming poll
Wireless signal sent through meat fast enough to watch Netflix
Man stabbed in shul over reported herring dispute
Police: Mom Left Child In Hot Car To Strip
Artist who painted nude Donald Trump threatened with lawsuit
SMART MATTRESS ALERTS YOU WHEN IT DETECTS IT'S BEING USED BY A STRANGER
Green Party BANS 'Women', Calls Them 'Non-Men' After Transgender Pressure
Missouri McDonald's to Speed Humanity's Demise with Unlimited Fries, Couches
Gay penguins Stan and Olli are becoming a symbol for marriage equality in Germany
Equals trailer: Kristen Stewart plays someone with no emotions
Massive Rains in Chile Leave 4 Million Without Water
Gay penguins Stan and Olli are not alone
Ghost in the Shell Considered Using CGI to Make White Actors Look Asian
Blaze hits firestarter business
US student escorted off plane 'for speaking Arabic'
AC/DC Confirm Axl Rose Is New Lead Singer, Joining Band on Tour
Someone is tipping over Car2go Smart ForTwos again
Top story about pooping pants at school
Syracuse man going to prison for $41,000 chicken-wing caper from popular pizza joint
Eight Smart Cars in Seattle and Denver flipped on their sides in spate of 'urban cow-tipping'
Attawapiskat suicide crisis: MPs hold emergency debate over suicide attempts
North Korea on Trump: His comments are 'totally absurd and illogical'
Bulldozers battle it out on Chinese street as rival firms clash
Woman Turned Her Collection of Unsolicited Dick Pics into an Art Show
Fox to make an action-comedy about an Uber driver named Stu
Venezuela to Change the Clock in Order to Save Electricity
Couple Faces Jail Time Over Lost Library Book
Bernie Sanders keeps saying his average donation is $27, but his own numbers contradict that. It's actually $27.89
Game of Thrones season 6: Journalist files FOI request for Obama to share his advance screeners
Hillary Clinton Tells Black Radio Host She Carries Hot Sauce In Her Purse
تحميل برنامج انترنت داونلود منجر 6.25 بليد 14 أخر إصدار
FedEx worker falls asleep on job, wakes up on flight to Lubbock.
Man arrested for drinking beer atop crane in downtown Edmonton 'just wanted a selfie'
Teen murders friend for going rogue on him in the Division Dark Zone
Woman tries to pet bison in Yellowstone
Titans fans get drenched when team forgets to turn off sprinklers at stadium movie night
New York City cracks down on 'upskirting crimes against women
Obama uttered a single word that explains so much about America today
Tennessee Titans host movie night, forget to turn off sprinklers
In Searing-Hot Telangana, She Cooks Eggs on the Floor
Here's Where You Can Get All-You-Can-Eat McDonald's French Fries
Thousands register to vote for the wrong party
Parents furious after cops arrest kids ages 6 to 10 at school for not stopping neighborhood fight
Woman Jumps Into Tiger Pen to Retrieve Cap
U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said on Monday (April 18) the United States will allocate $415 million USD in financial aid to Peshmerga forces after Kurdish officials appealed to the U.S. for financial aid.
Man Thinks He Can Reverse Same-Sex Marriage By Fighting To Marry His Laptop
Is God a Spaghetti Monster? That's a Serious Legal Question
Kanye West & TIDAL sued for making everybody think they had to sign up for TIDAL to get TLOP
Cat climbs up a house wall
Trial judge asks how grenade-like device works: Police officer pulls pin, and it explodes
16-yr-old girl complains of rape by 113, including policemen, over 2 years - India
Hope for Bernie: Communist Uprising in New Jersey
UC Davis Tries to Scrub Pepper-Spray Incident From Web, Which Means It's Now the First Result on Google
Search For Survivors Among Ecuador Quake Devastation
BUY NOVELTY FAKE / REAL PASSPORTS DRIVERS LICENSE ID CARDS VISA SSC, DIPLOMATS,BANKNOTES OF ALL COUNTRIES noveltydocumentscenter@gmail.com
Berlin police break up party at new vegan restaurant
No, Those Aren't Male Lions Mating. One Is Likely a Female.
Metallica manager: 'YouTube is the devil'
British Green Party Labels Women As 'Non-Men' To Avoid Offending Transgenders
Coachella 'Post Office' Says You Shouldn't Mail in Tax Returns from the Festival
British Science Minister Does Not Want to Name $300 Million Research Vessel 'Boaty McBoatface'
Man claiming to be from the future steals food from Arby's
Racehorse named Horsey McHorseFace in honor of Boaty McBoatface
Hilary goes on the Breakfast Club, panders to the black vote saying she carries hot sauce in her purse
A College Student Got Kicked Off His Flight for Talking About Chicken in Arabic
Malaysian school hit by 'mass hysteria' still closed, but journalists hear screams from the classrooms
City of Vancouver looks to buy homes and sell them at discount
She Thought It Was a Black Garbage Bag, But When She Looked Closer, She Changed A Life Forever.
Sniffer dogs at Manchester airport are great at finding sausages. Heroin, not so much
U.S. State Department Includes Japan's 'Unfettered' Access to Animated Porn in Human Rights Report
Carol Ann Duffy to mark phasing out of gas meters with new poem
Ethiopians complete 1st-ever sweep of Boston Marathon
Rapper's Ankle Monitor Goes Off At The White House
Super-gonorrhoea's spread 'causing huge concern'
NewSpring Church To Offer 90-Day Refund On Salvation
[x-post from r/nba] The "air from Kobe's last game" was removed from Ebay because it reached a bid of $15,300 [u/XLIXchamps]
Blue Jays Pitcher unavailable due to cracked nail
EBay Responds to $15K Listing for 'Air' from Kobe's Final Game
13 years later, man's war with U.S. over 'shoebox' cash rages on
US election: Hundreds of thousands of Californians thought to have mistakenly registered for far-right party ahead of key primary vote
Male midwife struck off for telling pregnant women oral sex was good for their health
Police discover secret 'baby farm' where unwanted babies are sold or swapped
IRS Urges Americans: Come Clean Now, Before We Read Panama Papers
Canadian prime minister schools journalist in how quantum computing works
Teenager Is Accused of Live-Streaming a Friend's Rape on Periscope
Bladen County father shoots son in leg over food theft
Utah movie theater's liquor license threatened for showing 'Deadpool'...welcome to Utah.
High On Scorpion Tails
Michigan governor to drink Flint water for month
I wrote "ISIS Beer Funds!!!" in a Venmo memo and the feds detained my $42
Moorhead traffic stop adds up to seizure of 108 graphing calculators
'Perfect' Sperm Donor Who Fathered At Least 36 Is Actually Mentally Ill Convict
Man fatally shot while filming people shooting guns. (Alaska)
Moorhead traffic stop adds up to seizure of 108 graphing calculators | WDAY
Mom Has Stacked Dinner Party Roster
Why the panic about texting in cinemas? Phones can breathe new life into old spaces
Man fatally shot while filming people firing guns
AOL is cool again: Steve Case
Man solves own missing persons case by remembering who he is after 30 years
Rapper Rick Ross's Ankle Monitor Goes Off During Minorty Youth Empowerment Program at White House
Stinking drunk bar patron busted for fart spray, police say
John Kasich Wishes LGBT People Would Just "Get Over" Discrimination
Michigan Governor says he will drink Flint water for next 30 days
Gang Rape Victim 'So Beautiful' He Wishes He Had 'Been First,' Says Philippine Presidential Front-Runner
We Blew Up A Watermelon And Everyone Lost Their Freaking Minds
VSB reminds students 4/20 is not a day off
Haribo launches DJ Themed sweets that look like Ecstacy
Utah Gov. Gary Herbert to sign resolution calling porn a 'health hazard'
Brewvies cited for serving alcohol while showing 'Deadpool,' set to sue Utah A.G. and DABC
Trump mistakenly refers to 9/11 as 7-11
Shoplifting suspect comes down from tree after 2 hour standoff
Donald Trump mixes up '9/11' with '7/11'
Trump flubs terror attacks on '7/11'
Alleged Easton pimp on charges: 'I'm gonna beat this'
Officer dresses as Spider-Man for boy's funeral
Large Gator Eats Smaller One
Donald Trump flubs terror attacks on '7/11'
Donald Trump mistakenly refers to 9/11 as 7/11 in Buffalo
Johnny Depp, Amber Heard Apologize for Dog-Smuggling in 'Hostage' Video
Tim the turkey taken from Orange High, found without tail feathers and smelling like beer
Donald Trump Accidentally Calls 9/11, 7/11
Teen who fired on SWAT officers said he didn't know it was police
Florida man changes name to Bruce Jenner to preserve name's 'heterosexual roots'
Donald Trump mistakenly refers to 9/11 as '7-Eleven'
Russian YouTube star and the anime Nazi
Man shoots girl with real gun during water pistol fight at Houston-Area barbecue
Dorchester man who keeps getting arrested on gun charges gets arrested on gun charges
At a campaign rally, Donald Trump misspoke about terror attacks on "7/11" instead of 9/11
Jesus actor struck by lightning
Religious group sues San Francisco over infamous 'open-air urinal'
Trump Mistakenly Cites 7-Eleven Instead of 9/11
Donald Trump Invokes Memories of ... 7/11?
Police force naked driver to trek to brothel on foot
Utah threatens liquor permit of theater showing 'Deadpool'
Trump visits 9/11 all the time
Donald Trump mixes up '9/11' and '7/11'
These moms spend thousands on cosmetic surgery to get Coachella-ready
Donald Trump mixes up '7/11' with '9/11' day before New York primary
Juror with a taste for porn wants to serve in Ross Harris case
Dad uses Millennium Falcon drone to remove daughter's tooth
Ambiancé: The world's longest ever film gets a seven hour trailer
Bag of air captured at Kobe Bryant's final NBA game reaches $15k bid
Judge reconfirms that the audition of an idols candidate was indeed that bad, that it can be mocked
Police drug burn-off leaves supermarket in a marijuana haze
Texas pastor claims Whole Foods cake had homophobic slur
Cruz vows not to ban sexual devices if elected
The Latest: Trump mistakenly cites 7-Eleven instead of 9/11
Oops, Donald Trump accidentally says 7-Eleven instead of 9/11
Turangi police smoke out supermarket car park by burning seized marijuana
Donald Trump Accidentally Invokes '7-11' When Talking About '9-11'
Charges dropped against Amber Heard for bringing dogs to Australia with Johnny Depp
UC Davis chancellor "learns" in pity fest
Sarah Palin 'as much of a Scientist' as Bill Nye
Utah movie theater's liquor license threatened for showing 'Deadpool'
Bald man claims 'terror owl' swooped to attack him
NRA Falsely Claims That Obama Gave "El Chapo" A Sniper Rifle
Man brings firearm to water gun fight, shoots teenage girl
Donald Trump mixes up '9/11' with '7/11' day before New York primary
Donald Trump confuses 9/11 with 7-Eleven
Trump confuses 9/11 with 7-Eleven in speech
Astuce clash of clans
Burglar 'caught white-footed' as paint trail leads to arrest
Brewery reproduces beer dating back to time of Jesus - then drinks it all
DONALD TRUMP MISTAKENLY REFERS 9-11 AS '7-ELEVEN'
Chris Brown 'suicidal' after beating Rihanna
Chris Brown was 'suicidal' after beating Rihanna
University student removed from flight after speaking Arabic
Chris Brown was 'suicidal' after assaulting Rihanna
Trump confuses 9/11 with 7-Eleven
University student is removed from his flight after speaking in Arabic on plane
Donald Trump accidentally says 7-Eleven instead of 9/11
US University student removed from flight after speaking Arabic on plane
Trump mistakes 9-11 for 7/11 in New York at Ground Zero
Trump refers to terror attacks on '7/11' at pre-NY primary rally
Trump talks "New York Values," confuses 7-Eleven with 9/11
Dolphins Are Helping Us Hunt for Aliens
Căn hộ Sunrise City quận 7
Donald Trump Refers to 9-11 as 7-Eleven
Woman kills boyfriend after he demanded food
Watch Two Huge Trucks Fight to the Death on the Streets of China
Egypt to inspect security at Istanbul Ataturk Airport out of 'reciprocity'
Donald Trump confuses 9/11 with a convenience store
Ross County FC's website accidentally deleted
Trump accidentally refers to '7/11' terror attack
Trump mixes up 9/11 and 7/11 in NY gaffe
Donald Trump Invokes Memories of ... 7-Eleven?
Idols candidate fails to stop broadcast of his 'plain bad' performance
Police forced to intervene as horde of hungry hipsters overrun vegan cafe
Uganda's only radiotherapy machine breaks down
Magic Mushrooms Growing on Hong Kong Trains
Sex gene: Scientists find DNA determines the age you lose your virginity
Full transcript: Man calls judge a 'c*nt' on Facebook - appears before him in court the following week
UK: Saudi cleared of raping teenager after claiming 'accidental penetration from trip and fall'
Genes influence the age at which you lose your virginity, study shows
Iran deploys undercover patrols to monitor headscarf transgressions
Donald Trump Remembers the Attacks on 7/11
Police forced to intervene as horde of hungry hipsters overrun vegan cafe in Berlin
In Utah, porn to be deemed a 'health hazard'
Ahuja L'Amor | Oshiwara | Rates | Possession | Call : +91 90290 31148
Donald Trump Refers to 9/11 as 7-Eleven During Speech in New York
Tinder hands woman scholarship after she was 'kicked out' of her sorority due to 'promiscuous' picture
In Texas, some local GOPs call for statewide vote on secession
French statue gets removable organ to fight penis thieves
Thieves steal two cars from same family home on different days (From Evening Times)
Donald Trump Accidentally Recalls "7-Eleven" Terror Attacks
Marina Lonina: Ohio teen claims she livestreamed 10-minute rape for "evidence"
Donald Trump hails Rex Ryan for his "championships in New York"
Exeter eagle owl swoops on shiny bald 'egghead'
Deputy Prime Minister of Sweden called 9/11 'an accident'
Michigan Governor to Drink Flint Tap Water for a Month
Private Prisons Threaten To Sue States Unless They Get More Inmates For Free Labor - Counter Current News
Muppet Version of Bernie Sanders is the Best Political Art of Our Time
Row over cup of tea leaves one dead, sparks riot in Cairo
Traffic stop leads to seizure of 108 graphing calculators
How Facebook is slowly eating the rest of the Internet
RICK ROSS SORRY MR. PRESIDENT Did I Beep?
Commuting fox travels on top deck of London bus to Imperial War Museum
Chinese bulldozers battle in the street
GOP Rep Peter King on Ted Cruz: 'I'll Take Cyanide If He Got the Nomination'
Saudi Arabia Diversifies Its Economy By Investing In Startups Like Al Qaeda And ISIS
iykewiz - -Iykewiz vreat
Peter King: I Hate Ted Cruz and I'll Take Cyanide if He's the Republican Nominee
Study Finds Where You Lost Your Train of Thought
Douglas County schools to issue semiautomatic rifles to security staff
Donald Trump Accidentally Referred to 9/11 as "7-Eleven"
Dosti Ambrosia | Wadala |Possession |
Police nab chicken for crossing Kingston Road
HOT FASHION ALERT: TINY CROCHET SHORTS FOR MEN
Kanye's album delayed after North flushed phone down toilet
NSW coroner recommends doctor who listed male body as female should stop performing autopsies
Man claiming to be from the future, another planet steals food from Arby's, police say
Police forced to intervene as horde of hungry hipsters overrun vegan restaurant in Berlin
OJ Simpson 'Wants To Date Kris AND Caitlyn Jenner' If He's Released From Jail Next Year
Man blames bank queues for not clearing €84k mortgage arrears
New 'smart' mattress can tell if your partner is cheating
Vegan restaurant opening is so popular, police shut it down
Student wears KKK costume for class presentation
Co-founders of Ben & Jerry's arrested at Capitol
The Minnesota Twins tried to fix their outfield wall with duct tape
Kenny Hotz Trolls the US Presidential Race
Man bitten by rat while sitting on Cork toilet
San Jose Sharks Fan Accidentally Celebrates Kings Win
10-year-old genius picks Trump to rise, Google to fall
GOP Congressman: I'll poison myself if Cruz wins
Magic Mushrooms Growing on Hong Kong Tram
'Real Housewife' Tiffany Hendra on topless sex scenes: 'It's not porn'
'She got caught up in the likes': Teen accused of livestreaming friend's rape for attention
Snake Handling Christian Bitten By Rattler, Refuses Treatment, Promptly Dies
TIL The man who killed JFK'S brother, Bobby Kennedy, is still alive and is still serving his prison sentence today.
Costco Canada is offering free Hepatitis A vaccine to anyone who bought recalled frozen berries
Zandria Robinson, Univ. of Memphis professor: 'Whiteness is most certainly and inevitably terror'
Bernie Ecclestone has suggested that Vladimir Putin should run Europe as he backs Brexit
'Racist' Kanye West Does it Again; Attacks White Performer for Grammy Win
Marlboro Introduces Vitamin-Infused Cigarettes
Utah Governor Gary Herbert to Declare Pornography a Public Health Hazard
North Korea launches new educational podcast
Bernie Ecclestone says Vladimir Putin should run Europe as Formula One boss backs Brexit
U.K. science minister demonstrates zero sense of humor, vetoes naming ship 'Boaty McBoatface'
Restaurant trying plant-based menu options
Biden doesn't like being called 'Goofy Uncle Joe'
Terror attacks on '7/11' - Donald Trump
Boy in Dinosaur Costume Seen Wandering Around Forest Grove Park
Denver Driver Hit in Face with Blast from Super Soaker
Donald Trump Paid Tribute to the Heroes of '7-Eleven' During a Speech in New York
Bald man attacked by giant eagle owl 'who mistook his head for an egg'
Front-End Loaders in China Wage Heavy-Duty Combat Over Building Projects
New York Congressman Says He Would Take Cyanide If Cruz Is Nominee
Dev makes VR more immersive by sticking Vive wand down pants
Denver driver hit in face with water blast from super soaker
Deadly Air Force cargo plane crash blamed on goggles case
New NCAA rule allows college coaches to go to funerals of recruits or their family members.
CREEPING SHARIA SOUTHWEST OFFERS ARABIC SELECT® UPGRADE: SPEAK ARABIC WITHOUT GETTING KICKED OFF PLANE
Priest Who Stole From Dead Priest Paroled but Remains Jailed
Utah declares pornography a public health crisis
Ben & Jerry arrested at US Capitol
Ben & Jerry Arrested in D.C
Chinese women warned about dating handsome foreigners
Sarah Palin Attacks Bill Nye's Credibility On Science Issues
China bans rich kids from TV to stop them from embarrassing their parents
Donald Trump botches 9/11 tribute, thanks heroes of 7-Eleven
Misplaced Goggles Case Led to Deadly C-130 Crash in Afghanistan
Air Force blames crash that killed 14 on goggles case
Computer generates all possible ideas to beat patent trolls
Cops bust "baby farm" where you can buy an infant for $1,400
Sarah Palin Says Bill Nye 'As Much A Scientist As I Am'
High School Senior Panhandles to Raise Money for College Tuition
Polish 'rabbi' not from Israel, not a rabbi, not very informed on Judaism
Protests in Cairo over a police shooting (one dead, two injured) of a tea vendor after an argument over the price of a cup of tea.
Utah declares pornography a public health hazard
Douglas County School District buys 10 long rifles
White Privilege Conference Attendees Complain Conference Is Too White
57 donkeys to descend on Philadelphia ahead of convention
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder Vows To Drink Flint Water For A Month
Utah ceremonially declares porn a 'public health crisis
Oklahoma man claims to be time-traveling food bandit
WHOOPS! Donald Trump Refers To 9/11 As 7/11
Fact check: Sarah Palin 'as much a scientist' as Bill Nye?
'We're victims of European terrorism,' says Syria negotiator Bashar Ja'afari
Don't try to mail your taxes through Coachella's camp post office
Rapper Rick Ross' ankle monitoring bracelet goes off during meeting with President Obama
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder pledges to drink filtered Flint water for 30 days
Canadian town issues noise warning to mother of children playing outside
Protest in Cairo over policeman killing of tea vendor
Russian teenager born with no fingers becomes celebrated piano player
College Kids Can't Explain Why a Short White Man Isn't a Tall Asian Woman
Sarah Palin is not "as much a scientist" as Bill Nye
Utah Governor declares pornography a "Public Health Crisis."
Why Watching Netflix Through A Pork Loin Could Save Lives
Smart mattress will out your lying, cheating spouse
Utah Gov. to Declare Pornography a Public Health Hazard
Police: Man arrested for putting soda in water cup at Springdale McDonald's
Christianity Demonized as a Global Menace
Trump confuses 9/11 with 7-Eleven at Buffalo rally
Fidel Castro gives rare speech saying he will soon die
Donald Trump mistakenly invokes '7-Eleven' when talking about 9/11 terror attacks
Researchers stream HD video through chunks of raw meat
China Bans Rich Kids From TV
Utah becomes 1st state to declare pornography a public health crisis
Hillary Clinton: 25 Things You Don't Know About Her!
French statue gets detachable penis to thwart thieves
Utah declares porn a public health crisis
Kanye West lost early 'Life Of Pablo' lyrics after daughter flushed his phone down the toilet
UK Film crew stumble on NT castaway just hours away from death
Riot erupts in Cairo after policeman kills man over cup of tea
White Privilege Conference Attendees Complain That the Meeting Was 'Too White'
British magazine: Send us your rude poems about Turkey's Erdogan
Utah Declares Pornography 'Public Health Crisis'
Utah Governor Gary Herbert Declares Pornography a Public Health Hazard
EMT Charged with Assault After Striking Patient with an iPad
White Privilege Conference Consumes Itself After Attendees Declare #WPCsoWhite
Man catches robber in house, chases him to pub, buys him pint
Courser runs against prosecutor he criticised.
College Student Removed From Flight After Being Overheard Speaking Arabic.
Donald Trump's Jet, a Regular on the Campaign Trail, Isn't Registered to Fly
Man arrested for putting soda in water cup at Springdale, AR McDonald's
Utah declares porn a public health hazard
Public poll to name a $300 million dollar research boat names the boat 'Boaty McBoatface'
Bury St Edmunds homeowner chased after burglar who broke into his home - and then bought him a pint
Rapper's ankle monitor goes off at White House
John Kasich's New York strategy: Eat everything in sight
With this rigatoni, I thee wed: The 1st Pastafarian wedding
Paul McCartney Names Portland Most Vegan-Friendly City
The Not-So Curious Case of The Whole Foods Gay-Hatin' Cake (OC)
OCPD: Man claiming to be from future assaults employee, steals chicken, bacon
Dayton police: No Limp Bizkit concert to be held at Sunoco
Heir to Punk Royalty Will Burn $7 Million Worth of Punk Memorabilia
Air India chairman joins rodent watch
Statue gets removable pens after vandals keep snapping
People attempted to sell bags of air from Kobe Bryant's last game.
GQ's Best Burger of the Year Has No Meat in It
EFCC Docks American Businessman For $2.3m Nigerian Scam
Donald Trump Doubts Hillary Clinton's Hot Sauce Love, Despite Trail of Evidence
RNC Delegates Should Think Twice Before Accepting Bags of Cash
Tennessee Bill: Swap UT diversity money for `In God We Trust' stickers
Latvia Wants to Ban Face Veils, for All 3 Women Who Wear Them
Maybe there's a Limp Bizkit show at a Dayton gas station tomorrow, and maybe there isn't
Mexican Cartel Hitmen Forced to Wear Women's Lingerie After Capture
Yellowstone opens, woman immediately attempts to pet bison
Man arrested for putting soda in water cup at McDonald's
EXCLUSIVE: Mexican Cartel Hitmen Forced to Wear Women's Lingerie After Capture
Utah leaders call pornography a plague damaging young minds
Stonehenge Was Built By Satan's Giants, Creationist Claims
Fitbit Shows Woman Lied About Sexual Assault
Karla Homolka resurfaces in Châteauguay, causing angst at her kids' school
1 killed, 4 wounded while recording rap video in Chicago
Billy Corgan Compares 'Social Justice Warriors' to Cults, Maoists, KKK
Dayton police: No Limp Bizkit concert to be held at Gas Station
Utah officially declares porn to be a public health crisis
Assad party wins expected majority in Syria parliamentary vote
Utah leaders officially declare pornography a public health crisis
Assad's party wins majority in Syrian election
(Meta) Mods, could you reassess the auto-removed websites list?
Google thinks Google.com is a dangerous website
Man Accused Of Stealing Food, Breaking Door At Arby's Claimed He's A Time-Traveling Alien
Sonic hedgehog gene provides evidence that our limbs may have evolved from sharks' gills
Hillary Clinton Tells Urban Radio Show She Always Carries Hot Sauce
Naked Man Crashes Through Restaurant Celing
India, I miss thee
Whole Foods Sues Gay Pastor Who Claimed Cake From Texas Store Had Homophobic Slur
State of Utah declares porn a public hazard
No Short Skirts in Discotheques
Saudi $10 Billion Financial District Is Missing One Thing: Banks
Johnston high school opens indoor shooting range
Kesal waktu Main Gim, Pemuda Ini Tusuk Temannya sampai Tewas
Angry Chinese Construction Workers Duel With Bulldozers
'Sea-sickness' cited as one of many 'spurious' reasons for turning down council houses
Utah first state to declare porn a public health crisis
Hearse drivers cop road rage abuse
Harrow schoolboy died from single punch after telling club promoter: 'You'll work for me one day'
Utah declares porn a public health crisis, hazard, and epidemic
Ghostly sunken forest in Kazakhstan
The secret skateboarders who defied Norway's 11-year ban
HELP! I am addicted to Lincolnshire sausages and it is ruining my love life
Tart theft leads to court for man and teen
Next Level PBE plays
Dublin pub offering free toasted sandwiches to mark Conor McGregor's retirement
More people are smoking dead scorpions to get high in Pakistan
Semitrailer snags, mangles new traffic light installation
Only 6% Trust Media, But It Should Be Less
British sniffer dogs are finding sausages but not drugs, because sausages
Đọc truyện cổ tích "Sự tích Công và Quạ"
Thrift store finds cat living in couch
The Shock Clock band uses fear and electricity to wake you up
Police seek man in theft of bowling alley's surveillance cameras
Google is a 'partially dangerous' website, Google says
Jurgen Klopp: 'I won't treat Daniel Sturridge like an orange'
Man's Bald Head Mistaken For Egg By Owl
Chicken Finger Falls From The Sky - Disrupts Baseball Game
Parents asked to help their 4-year-olds choose their gender
Veteran frustrated by paperwork to prove he still has no legs
Why my bald head is being targeted by a huge owl
Chicken finger falls from the sky, disrupts D-backs-Giants game
Prince William reveals he almost killed his cousin - and got a 'b******ing' from the Queen for it
Korean chicken restaurant sued by Louis Vuitton for copyright infringement
Man arrested for putting soda in water cup at Springdale McDonald's
Father's stranger-danger test using 'ex-con' to scare teens backfires
New UK Research vessel likely to Not be called Boaty McBoatFace, Government to intervene on public poll
Fail: Google says Google.com is 'partially dangerous'
Johnston high school opens indoor shooting range :: WRAL.com
Earth Day beach art doubles as a deadly obstacle for endangered sea turtles.
Female Student Said, 'I'm Fine and I Wasn't Raped.' University Investigated, Expelled Boyfriend Anyway.
London magazine offers cash prize in 'President Erdogan Offensive Poetry Competition'
London gets first naked restaurant, waiting list already at 5,000
Court rules in favor of Norwegian terrorist Breivik in 'Playstation 2 is torture' trial
Florida Man Celebrates Earth Day With Sand Art, Leaves Death Traps For Sea Turtles
Powerful toddler North West prevented Kim Kardashian from breastfeeding baby Saint
Utah Gov. Gary Herbert signs resolution calling porn a 'health hazard'
Utah governor declares porn a health hazard
Anders Breivik's human rights violated in prison, Norway court rules
Man wants to marry his MacBook to protest same-sex marriage
Dayton Police Deny There Will Be A Limp Bizkit Concert At The Gas Station On Wayne Ave Tonight
Elementary school teacher forced to resign after taking part in twerk contest...that was filmed.
Anders Behring Breivik, Norway murderer, wins human rights case
Florida man changes name to Bruce Jenner to preserve moniker's 'heterosexual roots': 'This name once stood for America'
Florida man legally changes his name to Bruce Jenner to preserve its "heterosexual roots"
Utah gov. to sign resolution making pornography a 'public health crisis'
League One footballer realises he's left car lights on... following mid-match PA system announcement
Former Kardashian Bodyguard Changed His Name to 'Bruce Jenner' to Preserve the Name's 'Heterosexual Roots'
Obama: 'If we let Americans sue Saudis for 9/11, foreigners will begin suing US non-stop'
Marijuana decriminalization law to come in spring 2017
36,000 km on Foot in 20 Years. Why This Man Has Been Walking with His Mother on His Shoulders
Welp! Snapchat's 420 Filter Celebrates Bob Marley With Blackface
Canadian Government Announces Date They Plan to Legalize Marijuana on 4/20
City of Toronto orders family to remove elaborate boat-treehouse that cost $30K
Facebook, Twitter and Yik Yak could be banned by NUS motion to ensure 'safe social elections'
General Mills Bets on Pumpkin Spice Cheerios to Boost Brand
Philadelphia nun convicted of DUI
Boynton Beach cop fired after caught in prostitution sting
Bob Marley filter mellows Snapchat's 4/20 buzz
Douglas County schools to issue semiautomatic rifles to security staff - The Denver Post
Donald Trump Confuses 9/11 With Seven-Eleven, No One Seems To Care
Whole Foods denies it made anti-gay cake
Snapchat's new Bob Marley lens sparks 'blackface' outrage
Donald Trump mixes up '9/11' with '7-Eleven'
Norway mass killer Anders Behring Breivik's human rights violated, court rules.
There is no Limp Bizkit show at a Dayton, Ohio gas station tonight
Ted Cruz lookalike on 'Maury' sparks speculation
Guatemalan President Offers Trump 'Cheap Labor' To Build Border Wall
Plans for Canada to Legalize Marijuana Released on 4-20.
News Sites Start Charging Readers to Comment on Articles
Despite rumors, no Limp Bizkit concert at Dayton gas station
Maury show: Guest was not Ted Cruz in drag
Google Warns Users About a Dangerous Website Called Google.com
George Osborne has agreed to exempt MPs from anti-money laundering checks
Man fired after posting violent Lego videos featuring his coworkers
Arby's Bacon Thief Said He Was From the Future: Cops
Anders Breivik,killer of 77 people,provided with a gym,laptop,playstation and a furnished cell,has won a human rights case for 'inhuman and degrading treatment'.
Cocoa Beach residents upset after artist's Earth Day beach art doubled as sea turtle death trap
David Duchovny pays tribute to D'Brickashaw Ferguson
Derby schoolgirl who lost all her limbs due to meningitis wins national trampoline contest
Ryan Anderson: Gay People Don't Need Marriage if We're Just Nice and Invite Them to Thanksgiving
Chinese man, 18, dies after unhooking mobile phone cable from internet cafe computer
Mass killer Anders Breivik's human rights breached in prison, court rules
No Limp Bizkit concert at Sunoco gas station in Dayton today
Man saves crow stuck in fence
Blowing smoke on 420: For National Weed Day, Alabama police department will judge your marijuana
Treasury Picks Tubman for $20 Bill, Hamilton to Stay on $10
New Murfreesboro police chief faces scrutiny over child arrests
Leading Orthodox Rabbi rules marijuana kosher for passover
James Franco Says He's 'A Little Gay'
Treasury Decides To Put Harriet Tubman On $20 Bill
Canada announces legislation to legalize marijuana...on 4/20
Christie joins Trump and Pence at governor's residence
Former Tennessee lawyer files lawsuit to marry laptop in Texas
Divine Surprise: Evansville mom shares holy ultrasound picture
Protesters hit Macedonia's capital with paint balls and soap suds in a 'Colorful Revolution'
Guggenheim to install solid gold toilet - it becomes art when being used
Donald Trump refers to the 9/11 terrorist attacks as '7-Eleven'
Toothless Regina man upset over rules on publicly funded dentures
North Bay's mayor open to partnering with aliens
Lindsay Lohan converting to Islam?
Move Over, Andrew Jackson. Harriet Tubman Is Coming to the $20 Bill
Hillary Clinton Aide Tells Journalist: F**k Bernie Sanders
Youth Pastor Forgets What His Hebrew Tattoo Means
Ardsley students use 4/20 to caution peers about dangers of marijuana
Kanye West air selling for $60,000: Today in weird business news.
Norway mass murderer's prison treatment ruled "inhuman"
Malaysia school shut amid 'mass hysteria' over sightings of a black figure
Some Austrian Restaurants Are Serving Hitler's Favourite Dish on his Birthday.
Police Report: Man arrested after putting soda in water cup at McDonald's, driving away
Drunken Cheetah sued by game company for writing and selling cheats for their game "Combat Arms"
Harriet Tubman to replace Andrew Jackson on $20 bill
The World's Fastest Stoner wants to one day run a four-minute mile...stoned
These Police Officers Are Grieving After Their Beloved Squirrel Was Found Dead
White Privilege Conference Criticized For Being Too White
Almost Nothing About the 'Apple Harvests Gold From iPhones' Story Is True
The White Privilege criticized for being too whitw
Beware of 'Dangerous Love' with foreign spies, China tells its women
Midwife rides inflatable swan through flood to deliver baby
Ben Carson: Maybe Tubman should go on the $2 bill
Netflix enrages Canada by actually following through with VPN crackdown plans
Builder Blames Navy as Brand-New Warship Disintegrates
We Couldn't Get An Interview With Beyoncé, So We Spoke To Beyoncé Impersonators
Teen arrested after intoxicated quest for tacos Sunday in Broken Arrow
Rotting Bananas Trigger Protest for Diversity at Clemson
Woman on 'Maury' looks just like Ted Cruz; Internet freaks out over bizarre resemblance
John Alpeza Built a $30K Boat-Treehouse for His Children to Get Away From the Internet. Now the City of Toronto Orders Them to Remove It.
Carson: Maybe Tubman should go on the $2 bill
'Maury' guest looks way too similar to Ted Cruz
Trump Family Puts Internship Up for Auction
U.K. Science Minister Torpedoes 'Boaty McBoatface' As Ship Name
UBC professor develops marijuana breathalyzer
Yellowstone visitor caught on video petting bison, surviving
Schoolgirl who lost arms and legs to meningitis wins UK trampoline contest with incredible acrobatic display
Canada Announces Their Plan For Pot Legalization on 4/20
Transgender "Female" MMA Fighter Brutally Injures Female Opponent
MS-13 Gang Member Died Trying To Gold Plate His Genitals
Norway Violated Rights of Anders Behring Breivik, Mass Killer, Judge Rules
Grandmother attacked husband with meat tenderiser after she caught him watching porn
Head of BNN in North Maluku, Indonesia, suspended after getting caught during BNN raid on nightclub
Trump Family Auctioning Off Summer Internship They Claim Is Worth $100K
Man charged with felony robbery after pouring $1.49 worth of McDonald's soda into water cup
Ostrich hit by car after activists 'free' it from circus
New Zealand Police Gets Entire Town High On Weed
Donald Trump Will Get 'The Raccoons Out Of The Basement,' Says Top Surrogate
Cribs: Fort Twenty Edition
Nude Hercules statue gets removable penis for special events
McDonald's customer accused of putting soda in water cup charged with robbery
University Professor Mauled By Brown Bear While Teaching
Church Disappointed To Discover Man Speaking In Tongues Is Actually Just Exchange Student
Androgynous N.Y. college student 'forced' to put top back on
CSU-Pueblo Student Sues After Suspension Over 'Consensual Sex'
GoT's Ramsay Bolton to play young Hitler
Students at Troy college plan topless protest over police treatment of student
Chinese Christian Union Sues San Francisco Over Public Open Air Urinal
Jobs Autos Pets Homes Classifieds Contests Deals Display Ads Special Sections Best In The World Legals Advertise HomeNewsState Police: Oklahoma City man claiming to be from the future steals food from Arby's
Dayton police: No Limp Bizkit show at Sunoco station
Burglar returns ashes found in stolen car
Meet the Hero Who Duped Ohio Into Believing Limp Bizkit Was Having a Concert at a Gas Station
Council 'Proud' Of Asking Kids To Choose Gender
New Virtual Reality Experience Lets You Eat Tacos With Danny Trejo
Facebook considers letting users add a tip jar to make money from posts
The must-have fashion item in Paris is a $265 tshirt featuring a DHL logo
Woman defrauded parents of £250,000 with fake Oxford career
At public event, Harvard law student asks Tzipi Livni: "How is it that you are so smelly?"
Shirtless Man in Tights Sought for Allegedly Fondling Himself in Public
Ben Carson suggests putting Harriet Tubman on the $2 bill
Chicago's 'nut king' dead at 90
Ben Carson: Keep Jackson where he is, put Tubman on the $2 bill
Firefighters face venomous snakes while battling blaze
We Asked Teens if They Think Weed Is Cool
Dude with aluminum pan on head during hail storm nearly obliterated by lightning
A super orthodox rabbi just ruled that marijuana is kosher for Passover.
Man charged after taking selfie video while driving Mustang in Framingham
Senior Clinton Aide Tells Reporter: F**k Bernie
Religious group sues San Francisco over open-air urinal
Citizens of Dayton, Ohio convinced Limp Bizkit is playing secret concert at Sunoco gas station tonight
Wilmington VA doctor tells patient he's overwhelmed, suggests YouTube for medical care
3 Alarm fire breaks out at Penn State apartment complex on 4/20
Border officials arrest 30 year old man who was attending Windsor high school posing as a teen
Crowd shows up at fake Limp Bizkit concert site
Alaska photographer killed while shooting shooters
Border officials arrest man who was attending Windsor high school as a teen
School Bus Driver Sold Heroin in Nassau County: Police
Whole Foods fights back against alleged cake hoax
An ostrich at a circus in Munich was hit by a car and died shortly after animal rights activists opened its cage.
Police Mourn Parking Lot Squirrel With Own Twitter Feed
Girl chops off her tongue, offers it to Lord Shiva
Invisible Fences: Farmers Plant Beehive Guard Posts to Repel Elephants
Cash-Strapped ISIS Killing Injured Fighters To Sell Organs: Reports
y im voting for ted
As Americans eat less chocolate, Hershey's begins pushing meat bars
EMT finishes mowing lawn after 87-year-old man passes out
Rape victim could be punished under Brigham Young University's 'honor code'
BuzzFeed: Introducing The BuzzFeed Politics Podcast: "No One Knows Anything"
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ Bernie Sanders Was Asked to Leave Hippie Commune for Shirking, Book Claims
PornHub ruins emojis for everyone with new texting for porn service
African man, 30, arrested after posing as teen at Windsor high school for six months
The Actor Who Played 'McLovin' Looks A Lot Different Now
Adonis Golden Ratio The Adonis Golden Ratio Adonis Golden Ratio Review Adonis Golden Ratio bonus Adonis Golden Ratio discount best Adonis Golden Ratio review
Traumatized by millennials, employers are already desperate to make Generation Z happy
The spy who loved me? Chinese warned off dating foreigners
Sperm whales found dead in Germany with stomachs full of plastic and car parts
Mink steals fish from fisherman
Entrepreneur claims basic income would support a nation with only 10% of the population working, people take them seriously
Turns Out a Meteor Just Finished Off the Dinosaurs. They Were Already Fucked
1st Edition Holo Charizard card sells for $5,700.00
'Dosa master' kills 'chutney master' with 75kg rice bag
America's most adorable best friends: The little girl who dreamed of meeting her garbage man and finally got to give him a homemade cupcake on her birthday
Change for a $20: Tubman Ousts Jackson
Brave young woman hit by deadly bowel disease poses with colostomy bag to fight stoma stigma
Ted Cruz' Religion Adviser Talks to God, Can Add Scripture to Bible
'Accuracy is for snake-oil pussies': Vote Leave's campaign director defies MPs
UK Vote Leave Campaign is Rickrolled
China Bans Rich Kids From Reality TV to Avoid Embarrassing State, Parents
Hong Kong bars may offer 'men's nights' after court deems ladies' night promos discriminatory
Furious pensioner beat husband with hammer after catching him watching porn
Could 'actual innocence' save the broken US justice system?
Leading Rabbi declares pot kosher - even for Passover
Man impaled through head by a meat hook recounts the horrific injury
Want Viagra? Not so fast, lawmaker says
Limp Bizkit fans turn up to non-existent Limp Bizkit gig at Ohio gas station
British spies hacked themselves and family members to get personal information to send birthday cards, new papers reveal
WWE's Chyna Dies At 46: What Caused Death of the Female Wrestling Legend?
Connecticut Woman Calls 911 Over Wrong Pizza Order
Oscar Pistorius 'battered Reeva Steenkamp with a CRICKET BAT' before shooting her to death
'He was prepared to die': TV crew rescues castaway stranded on a deserted island
'Polish Catholic posed as rabbi' in Poznan
Harriet Tubman to be new face of $20 bill, replacing Andrew Jackson
Fake Oxford University student Nicola Boardman cheats parents out of £250k
Man chases shoplifter, blames Crocs for suspect escaping.
16 Things I Would Want If I Got Dementia
New Zealand police accidentally smoke out supermarket with marijuana burn-off
Georgia KKK imperial wizard killed after shooting at police during eight-hour standoff
Man threatens tiger involved in fatal attack on Stacey Konwiser at Palm Beach Zoo, police say
izard of KKK Dead After Police Standoff
A High School Basketball Player Was Arrested After It Was Discovered He Was 30 Years Old
POLICE: MAN ARRESTED AFTER PUTTING SODA IN WATER CUP AT MCDONALD'S
Robbery charges for filling water cup with soda at McDonald's
Donald Trump sees private jet grounded after he failed to renew $5 registration
High School Star Arrested Believed to be 30
Student hits a deer on his driving test... but still passes
Midwife Navigates Texas Flood Waters On Inflatable Swan
Report: High School Basketball Star Actually A 30-Year-Old Man
Billy Corgan is scared of the "hashtag generation" going after his free speech
Northamptonshire Police 'platypus mouth' e-fit ridiculed on social media
Trump's foreign policy advisor thinks Turkey is conspiring with Native Americans to build nukes
Google says Google.com is no longer dangerous
Florida woman accused of having sex with her own dogs
Staten Island Restaurant Doesn't See Anything Wrong With Serving a 'Roofie Colada'
Anders Breivik, killer of 77, convinced a Norwegian court his human rights were violated
Still Kickin At 109
Warrant: Mankato body shop paid employees in methamphetamine
Police called to small flock of sheep in Inverness
Texas Man Chucks Steak from Car In High-Speed Police Chase
Unfortunate name or level 1 trolling?
Primary school spelling paper accidentally posted online months before exam
Tiger Woods Once Asked Michael Jordan, Derek Jeter How To Talk To Girls
Limp Bizkit fans turn up to fake gig at Ohio gas station
Limp Bizkit fans turn up to fake gig at Ohio petrol station
China claims a major breakthrough in making space babies.
Leonard, "I have been and always shall be your friend". A "fascinating" and revealing story about 50 years of friendship
6'9" High School Basketball Player, Who May Actually Be 30 Years Old, Arrested
Communist Uprising in New Jersey
Racial Awakening, Pride And Fear: One Latino Perspective On "The Obama Effect"
Blouse-ripping sex scene brings down Australian MP
ISIS drugs 7000 gazelles
$120 cheese wheel stolen from Oakville grocer, police say
Teenager passes driving test despite killing deer during exam
This Trans Weed Farmer Says Cis Men Don't 'Show the Plant Respect'
Jamie Oliver's 15 Minute Meals Found To Take At Least An Hour And A Half
Britain issues warning for LGBT travelers visiting North Carolina and Mississippi
Being Named "BioShock Infinite" Is BioShock Infinite's Greatest Mistake
A SCHOOLGIRL ORDERED BY DOCS TO WEAR TRAINERS AFTER AN INJURY HAS BEEN TOLD TO WEAR A SCHOOL SHOE ON ONE FOOT - AS IT'S AGAINST THE RULES
A $10 million nut heist is a window into the shady, lucrative world of large-scale food theft
Windsor high school basketball star found to be 30 years old
The World's Longest Movie Releases 7-Hour Trailer
NC high school opens indoor shooting range
Diabolical beaver holds Daugavpils in its thrall
Ambiancé: World's longest ever film gets a seven hour trailer
South Sudanese man, 30, arrested after posing as teen at Windsor high school for six months
Hillary Clinton Is Making Big Promises To UFO Believers
A statue of a Greek God has been robbed of his manhood too many times
French town gives Heracles statue a prosthetic penis. But only for special events
6'9" High School Basketball Player Is Believed to Actually Be 30 Years Old
Grabbed from the 'throne': Man on camping trip survives outhouse bear attack
30 year old man poses as teen, stars as high school basketball player
Welsh woman banned from naming daughter after poison that killed Adolf Hilter
Ted Cruz lost a New York district to Ben Carson, who's not even running
A New Naked Restaurant Says It Has An 8,000-Person Waiting List To Dine
Man Was Fired From Trader Joe's After Complaining About Penis-Shaped Gift
British court blocks mom from naming daughter Cyanide after poison that helped kill Adolf Hitler
Stolen Walmart steak hits cruiser during high-speed chase: Cops
Child brides sometimes tolerated in Nordic asylum centers despite bans
Jonathon Nicola, high school star and NBA prospect, turns out to be 30 years old
South Carolina woman rams car into Walmart because she thought the Rapture was coming
Windsor high school basketball star believed to be 30 years old
Indian Father Chops Off Hands Of Teenager Who Raped His 8-month-old Daughter
Prince is dead - Body found at Minnesota estate days after he was rushed to hospital with severe flu
TMZ: Prince has passed away at the age of 57
Canadian border officials arrest African 30-year-old posing as 17-year-old basketball player
Drone believed to have hit British Airways flight 'may have been a plastic bag'
Prince reported dead at 57
Punjab Father Tied Baby Girl's Alleged Rapist To Tree, Cut Off His Hands
Singer Prince dead at 57, TMZ reports
Cops: Workers Got Their Bonuses In Meth At Minnesota Auto Body Shop
High School Baller Arrested for Being a 30-Year-Old Man Posing as a Teen
My wife and I are white evangelicals. Here's why we chose to give birth to black triplets.
Athol man sues ITD employee under law of Moses
Woman covers cars in ketchup and mayonnaise
A Canadian high-school basketball star has been arrested and is accused of actually being 30 years old
Cheese: a spiritual experience
Canadian high school basketball star, believed to be 30, arrested for lying about age after arriving from Sudan
McDonald's Tests Smaller Big Macs, Which Kind of Defeats the Purpose of a Big Mac
Foreign Office issues new advice for British LGBT people travelling to US
UK issues travel warning about anti-LGBT laws in U.S. states
Utah movie theater could lose liquor license for screening 'Deadpool'
'Drone' that hit British Airways jet above Heathrow Airport 'could be plastic bag'
Utah movie theater could lose liquor license for screening 'Deadpool' - CNET
Is Gwyneth Paltrow Wrong About Everything? Thi
Stoner Charged with Marijuana Possession on 4/20
Drone thought to hit plane over London might have been 'plastic bag'
White couple gives birth to black triplets
Americans Would Rather Have Tyrion as President over Clinton, Trump
Woman gets 3 surprise visits from men wanting sex
High school hoops star might actually be 30-year-old from Africa
Did the Chemtrail Flu Kill Prince and Merle Haggard?
'Drone' That Hit British Airways Plane Could Have Just Been A Paper Bag
Jesus shows up in an ultrasound
Noah's Ark theme park destroyed in flood.
Dead referee 'appointed' to officiate Nigerian league match
North Carolina Governor Sets Up Hotline To Report Anyone Not Using Correct Bathroom
Man tries to kill bugs, accidentally sets fire to house
Story of man who murdered and cooked wife used to deter teen marijuana use
Silicon Valley startups are terrified by a new idea: profits
Harvard Law Student Asks Israeli Official Why She's 'So Smelly'
Google is worried about finding its next Alphabet business after search
Aretha Franklin Wonders If Prince Died From Zika Virus
Radioactive Bacon Takes over Farmland in Fukushima
Wilonsky: Dallas street worker's poop in the park destroys native prairie at White Rock
John Kasich visited Great Neck Synagogue and talked about Jesus
Canadian high school basketball player said he was 17. Authorities say he's 30.
Harriet Tubman replaces Andrew Jackson on the front of $20 bill; Jackson moves to back of $20 bill
'God told her to do it' police report says of car crashed into Walmart
Canadian HS Basketball Star Turns Out To Be 30-Year-Old Man
Dutch to scrap ban on insulting foreign heads of state
Bury St Edmunds-based Greene King to launch Purple Reign ale to mark Queen's 90th birthday
Noah's Ark Theme Park Destroyed In A Flood
Teen Charged With Felony After Filling Water Cup With Soda at McDonald's
Teen faces felony robbery charge after allegedly filling McDonald's water cup with soda
Times Square Elmo Assaulted At Trump Event
Inspirational: this Russian teenager born without fingers has become a successful pianist
Kasich: 'My Republican Party doesn't like ideas'
Teacher May Lose Teacher Certificate After Having Sex In a Closet with Junior High School.
City forms committee to evaluate committees
North Carolina high school reportedly opens indoor shooting range
Alberta teacher may lose teaching certificate after sex in closet with junior high student
Jeremy Vine floored by foreskin 'stuck in lift' cock-up
Sober is the new drunk: why millennials are ditching bar crawls for juice crawls
Polish 'rabbi' who's not a rabbi turns out to be Catholic ex-cook
PayPal made a gender equality panel composed entirely of men
NFL star Jason Verrett attempts world record too fast
That drone that hit a British Airways plane might have been a plastic bag
Lindsay Lohan is considering converting to Islam but hasn't finished Koran
Jason Verrett attempts world record, too fast
Flint water tastes fine, says Gov. Rick Snyder on second day drinking it
Man arrested for doing yoga on airplane pleads guilty
Cambodian prime minister never regarded himself as the "Emperor of Facebook"
Afghan vet required once again to tell government his legs are still missing
A Sydney School Is Fighting Google To Have A Giant Penis Removed
Swedish deputy PM calls 9/11 'accident,' refuses to apologize
Business Paid Employees in Meth
2 Chapman University Students Arrested After Turkey Abducted From Farm at Orange High
Teacher forced to resign for showing an anti-Donald Trump video
The U.S. Wants To Design Safer Anti-Aircraft Missiles for Syria's Rebels
30-year-old man arrested after posing as HS basketball player...
MTV is playing music. They have cancelled all programming to play a Prince tribute marathon.
Queensland government accidentally bans all buses, hire cars in attempt to ban uber
Clinton Exposing Sanders by Going Small
Court rules that Welsh mum cannot name her daughter Cyanide
Court blocks woman from naming daughter Cyanide
Hillary PAC Spends $1 Million to 'Correct' Commenters on Reddit and Facebook
Moldovan high-street robbery, but not the kind you might imagine
Buying an Android phone in India is a pain in the ass
How will Dr. Kanhaiya treat patients?
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak says Apple were right over FBI privacy case
Dosti Ambrosia | Wadala | Possession | Call : +91 90290 31148
Moldovans despair at 'theft of the century'
Power of positive thinking skews mindfulness studies
Dalai Lama gets Selena Gomez banned from China
Norway minister ridiculed online after floating in the Mediterranean to see what it's like to be a refugee
Beaver attacks Latvian man, who couldn't be helped because police thought his report was a prank call
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar Sent Peace Message To ISIS, Received Photo Of Beheaded Man
FREE #BRAZZERS #WICKED #NAUGHTYAMERICA #DIGITALPLAYGROUND AND MUCH MORE PASSWORDS
Marijuana is kosher for Passover, leading rabbi rules
There exists an association that upholds the integrity of instant noodles.
Frenchman who threw Camembert at Waitrose staff now on run from police
Donald Trump's secret 'wig farm' gets discovered by Norwegian TV
Xi Jinping, the XI of his name, General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, President, Chairman of the Central Military Commission, and Commander-in-Chief of the Joint Battle Command of the People's Liberation Army
Motorist reprimands man for urinating by the roadside
Greater Manchester Marathon course was 380m short, says measuring body
Ted Cruz and Donald Trump argue over bathroom rights
Official Pokemon Lingere made by Yummy Mart.
Neighbours in treehouse dispute could benefit from mediation, lawyer says
30 year old arrested after pretending to be in high school for 6 months
Report: HS Star, turns out to be 30-year-old-man posed as teenager
Uzbekistan bank robbers labour for tiny haul
High School Basketball Star Is Actually 29-Year-Old Refugee, Authorities Say
Gas Boy Seriously Doing Romance with Aged Chubby Aunty | Telugu Short Fi...
Canadian high school basketball star may actually be 29-year-old refugee
China warns against dating foreigners - because they might be spies
Woman Stabbed Her Husband To Death Because He Wouldn't Eat Her ASS!
Korean authorities arrest 8 for StarCraft II match-fixing
City installs floor traffic lights for smartphone addicts
Testing. Testing. Police will fire guns around Denver on Friday night
Hillary PAC spending $1m to 'forcefully correct' social media trolls
L.A. Agrees to Return Tiny Houses Seized From Homeless People
Winnipeg mom in hot water after kids play in backyard
At 12 I grew a beard and had a period
Officer Announces Omaha Police Headquarters Squirrel's Death
Ontario police break up 'domestic dispute' between man and pet parrot
Mexico proposes raising limit on marijuana for personal use
17 year old basketball star found to actually be 30 year old African refugee
Microsoft, Google agree to stop complaining to regulators about each other
Felony robbery for putting soda in a water cup
Confederate history embraced by Brazilian city
Winnipeg escalator temporarily stairs
IRS Can Track Your Cell Phone, but Leaves Billions in Taxes Uncollected
Clinton super PAC: Cruz 'hates avocados'
The $38 Million CEO Who Out-Earned His Company Last Year
Damien Hirst's Art May Have Leaked Formaldehyde Fumes, Study Says
OPP called to break up 'domestic dispute' between man and pet parrot
Stoner College Student Invites Bernie Sanders to Hold Rally at Her College
The world´s largest Viking Ship departures from Haugesund, Norway and sails towards Iceland, Greenland, Canada and USA.
Facebook Is Going To Start Showing You Pieces People Actually Read
Twitch Is Giving Out Deodorant At Pax East
Teacher axed for showing 'Make Donald Drumpf Again' video
Monkey kicks down rock, kills Chinese tycoon
Police called to break up domestic abuse between man and pet parrot
John Kasich Hints He Ate Pizza With a Fork for Attention
Child services grills Winnipeg mom after she let her kids play alone in their fenced-in backyard
Romania expelled from Eurovision Song Contest
China: Handsome foreigners could be spies
Pair of geese claims prime real estate in downtown Edmonton
Ann Arbor Skatepark to Add 'Leap of Death'
Prince once wrote song named for Donald Trump
Prince once wrote a song called "Donald Trump (Black Version)"
Chinese scientists built a 'robot goddess,' then made it subservient and insecure
Mom grilled by child services for letting kids play in backyard
Dead woman's bank account overdrawn by $99 billion
British pub offers women help with Tinder dates 'gone wrong'
Giants told to refuse room service for Panda
Boris Johnson suggests 'part-Kenyan' Obama may have 'ancestral dislike' of UK
North Korea: Kim Jong Un reveals love of flamenco dancing
Thirty-year-old 6ft 9' man posed as teenager to play high school basketball
Whoops! MTV accidentally played Fresh Prince during Prince tribute marathon.
Texas police say stolen steaks lead to high-speed chase
Schoolboy sucked into 'dust devils' which tore through sports field
Man changes name to 'Bruce Jenner' to save its 'heterosexual roots'
Robot monk blends science and Buddhism at Chinese temple
Hundreds attend 'fake' Limp Bizkit concert at an Ohio gas station.
TN woman fakes having aggressive cancer for money. Family claims they didn't know.
Florida man changes name to Bruce Jenner to preserve moniker's 'heterosexual roots'
Russia's New Human Rights Ombudsman Is Former Police General
Police break up a domestic dispute between a man and his parrot
GEICO-Sponsored Company Put a Sky Message Above NYC Denying Turkey's Genocide of Armenians
Cloistered Nuns Ask For Higher Fence to Stop People From Chasing Them
Big red mark for Education Secretary after she's caught making an embarrassing spelling mistake
Rat Drags A Bagel On Top of a Floating Bagel
Holocaust denial flyers found on Glasgow University campus.
Proud Briton loves town so much he's MARRIED it
Wall Street Journal Runs Full-Page Ad Denying Armenian Genocide
Parrot was 'beaking off'; Man's shouting match with bird mistaken for domestic assault
Taco Bell Under Fire For False Advertising of Quesalupa
Full-page ad denying the Armenian genocide in The Wall Street Journal spurs anger
Artists creates a solid 18-karat-gold statue of a toilet, titled 'America', for the Guggenheim Museum, and encourages visitors to use it.
MTV flubs Prince tribute by playing Fresh Prince video
About 200,000 convicted felons in Virginia will now have the right to vote in November
TELEVISION Whoops! MTV Accidentally Played Fresh Prince During Prince Tribute Marathon
Saudi player's public haircut spotlights kingdom's existential dilemmas
Purple-lit Niagara Falls, CN Tower mistaken as Prince tributes
More choose Tyrion Lannister for President over Hillary Clinton & Donald Trump
5 charged after dinosaur bones taken on college trip to Utah
Ohio woman sues sperm bank after birth of mixed-race baby
Eugene pet store owner used monkey as payment to a prostitute, police say
Chinese Cartoon Warns Against 'Dangerous Love' With Foreigners Who May Be Spies
10$ router blamed for $80 million bank heist
$10 router blamed in Bangladesh bank hack
Teens Drown in Pond After Police Chase
MTV Plays Will Smith "Fresh Prince" Video During Prince Tribute
Boy's haircut so "severe" he's placed in solitary confinement
Texas man encounters tiger on the loose, says she 'started licking me on the face'
WILLAMETTE VALLEY Eugene, Oregon man gave primate to prostitute as tip
Teen arrested after filling up McDonald's water cup with soda
PayPal to hold all-male panel on gender equality in the workplace
AP Exclusive: Ukraine children eat food tainted by Chernobyl
EPD: Zany Zoo owner burgles own store, uses stolen Girl Scout cookie money to pay for prostitute and tips her with an unlicensed primate. Later arrested in Oregon State Police parking lot high on meth.
Eugene Police Say Primate Used as Payment for Prostitute
UC Berkeley Touts $15 Minimum Wage Law, Then Fires Hundreds Of Workers After It Passes
Bowie vs. Prince bike ride ending this year due to stars deaths
Providence police officer charged with stealing coupons from newspaper delivery service
Trump, Hitler among nominations to rename Robert E. Lee Elementary
Accused of cheating on GED, Knox school board chairman resigns
Pint-sized primate ends up with prostitute as a tip for services, police say
"Drone" that hit British Airways jet was likely a plastic bag
Winnipeg mom investigated for letting her kids play in backyard
Pro-Clinton Super PAC Caught Spending $1 Million on Social Media Trolls
OFFICIALS PERFORM AUTOPSY ON PRINCE, BUT NOT SCALIA
Pro-Hillary PAC Spending $1 Million to Hire Online Trolls
Police: Cranston man murdered, dismembered over marijuana dispute
Leonardo DiCaprio Compares Climate Change to Slavery During Earth Day Speech
Seattle 5th-graders stage playground 'camp-in' over canceled field trip
Mississippi legislature kills bill that would have made domestic violence a valid reason to divorce.
Fiat Chrysler Recalls 1.1 Million Cars Because People Can't Figure Out The Shifters
Teenage girl who broadcast friend being raped live on Periscope 'got caught up in the likes'
Miss. not adding domestic violence as grounds for divorce
Former jail guard accused of impregnating inmate
Fukushima city government donated 10,000 bottles of their tap water to Kumamoto city
"RIP little buddy" death of "police squirrel" mourned in the US
Police say owner of Zany Zoo Pet Store tipped prostitute with bushbaby.
Police: Man tipped prostitute with tiny primate
Ecuador's leader demands release of Panama Papers, learns he's in them
midwife rides an inflatable white swan to help birth a baby
That Time I Served A Milkshake To Prince
Pro-Clinton PAC unleashes a ridiculous $1 million plan to 'correct' Reddit
Hillary Clinton PAC Spends $1 Million "Correcting" People Online - And Reddit Is Furious
A Hillary PAC is spending $1 Million to 'Correct' Commenters on Reddit
Over 500 pounds of explosives stolen from train headed to Detroit
Attorney threatens to sue Mansfield restaurant over soup
Beaking bad: Police break up dispute between a man and his parrot
REPORT: OJ Simpson Wants To Date Kris Jenner When He Gets Out Of Prison
Half of British Muslims don't think homosexuality should be legal
Black Women Protest Campus Party Because Non-Black Women Are Invited
Keith Richard found not dead in San Francisco hotel
Đăng ký các gói cước 3G Mobifone khủng nhất 2016
ISIS Commander Mocked Because He Looks Like A Kebab
Cracker Jack is replacing toy prizes inside with digital codes
Henry County officials upset about rap video shot in courthouse
Cracker Jack Replaces Prizes With Digital Codes For Mobile Games
Scientists accidentally create batteries that last a lifetime
Ecuador's leader demands release of Panama Papers, and learns he's in them
New Hillary Clinton Super Pac Ad: Ted Cruz hates Avacodos and likes Nickelback
Police: Pet store owner paid prostitute with exotic animal, donation jar money
Mariah Carey Threw Herself a Mariah Carey-Themed Party
Clinton to use Super-Pac Money to fight Redditors
Mariah Carey hosts Mariah Carey-themed party, has guests dress up as their favourite version of her
Police: Man who tried to break into credit union with tractor arrested
Rhino Walks Out Open Gate at Denver Zoo
O.J. Simpson allegedly wants to date Kris Jenner after prison release
Student Who Reported Rape Could Be Punished For Violating BYU Honor Code
Rich kids will benefit more from free college
Curry restaurants in crisis as immigration rules keep out chefs
Man charged for filling McD's water cup with soda
Teen Arrested for Felony Robbery After Filling McDonald's Water Cup With Soda
John breaks into his own business to steal Girl Scout Cookie money to pay for a prostitute and tip her with a monkey.
Lawmakers vote to eliminate 'tampon tax,' expand contraceptive options
Jealous Boyfriend Kills Gay Porn Star Boyfriends Chihuahua
Over 100,000 sign petition opposing Satanic 'black mass' in Oklahoma government building
William Shakespeare, Playwright and Poet, Is Dead at 52
The youngest ever Commonwealth Games medal winner has been told she is no longer disabled enough to compete in the 2016 Paralympics in Rio
Houstonian Finds 2 Million Dollars Worth of Jewelry From The Civil-War Era
Suicidal woman refused admittance to hospital, told to go home and take an overdose
'Be cheerful, live your life:' Ancient mosaic 'meme' found in Turkey's south
Man uses toilet and is bitten on bottom by rat
Houstonian Finds 2 Million Dollars Worth of Jewelry From The Civil-War Era In Recent Flood
Man in dinosaur outfit caught for violating Taiwan's defense drill
Finland's postal workers to mow lawns
SpiceJet Fires Pilot For Asking Air Hostess To Join Him In The Cockpit
$10 router blamed in Bangladesh bank hack - Hackers managed to steal $80m (£56m) from Bangladesh's central bank because they had no firewall and used second-hand routers that cost $10 to connect to global financial networks.
F.B.I Says Killing Man Was Justified, but Not Shooting His Tire
Kim Jong Un broadcasts 'Master Chef'-style cooking competition while North Korea starves
Police: Man shoots son for stealing hamburger, bacon from grandmother
Ancient mosaic 'meme' found in Turkey's south.
Portland Bids Farewell to Its 'Bowie vs. Prince' Bike Ride
OPP break up 'domestic dispute' between man and pet parrot
How Can I Tell if an Escort Likes Me Romantically?
No soup for you: Arlington lawyer says he'll sue Mansfield diner for failed Saturday lunch special
B.o.B, Flat Earth Truther, Releases E.A.R.T.H. Mixtape on Earth Day
Pro-Turkey group skywrites slogans denying Armenian genocide above NYC
Researchers accidentally make batteries last 400 times longer.
POLICE: MAN GIVES PROSTITUTE A MONKEY AS PAYMENT
Hillary's hot sauce claim inflames 'pandering' row
Trump asks Kasich to change spelling of his name
Molten butter attacks in B.C. prisons prompt demands for more guards (x-post r/vancouver)
Owner of Zany Zoo Pet Store tipped prostitute with bushbaby
This Guy Shaved Off His Beard And Sent It To Ted Cruz For An Important Cause
Giant beaver attacks man
Eugene pet store owner used primate as payment to a prostitute, police say
Arkansas teen charged with robbery after putting soda in McDonald's water cup
Doctors Are Testing Freeze-Dried Poop Pills to Treat Obesity
Female Ted Cruz Lookalike Agrees To Do Porn For $10,000
Man tips prostitute with tiny monkey
Freeze-Dried Poop Pills Are Being Tested to Treat Obesity
Dog poop bags raining down on North Vancouver rooftop.
Noah's Ark-Themed Park Not Destroyed in Freak Flood, Report Says
Australian MP Jeremy Buckingham sets fire to river
DeWalt's first smartphone looks like the love child of an iPhone and a power drill
'Suicide bomber for sale' in Lahore
Nashville teen fleeing police hides in Homeland Security building
Police make arrest after suspect caught on camera, stealing cameras
This scratching post lets your cat tear down Donald Trump
Oregon man tipped prostitute with tiny primate
Restaurants advised to give children tap water
The first black man to visit a KKK cross lighting -CNN
Oregon Man Tipped Prostitute With Primate Stolen From Pet Store: Police
A reported drone collision with a plane 'may have been a plastic bag'
F-35 Chief: Critical Logistics Software Not Really That Critical
Man arrested for insulting Erdogan after asking directions for zoo in Ankara
Hawks (Top SA Police Investigations branch) find evidence of sabotage of ANC launch
Ontario Provincial Police break up domestic dispute between man and his pet parrot
Man arrested for insulting Erdoğan after asking directions for zoo in Ankara
A beaver reportedly took a man hostage in Latvia
Kuwait to DNA test and tag all tourists
Is Hillary Clinton Dishonest?
Man arrested for 6th DWI
Zoolander 2 Is Too Offensive for Students, University Shows Deadpool Instead
Saudi Arabia's most powerful royal reportedly thinks women should be allowed to drive
Nobel Peace Prize-Winner Obama Dropped 23,144 Bombs in One Year
Old Billionaire Orders Dairy Queen at The Four Seasons
Trump top suggestion to replace Robert E. Lee school name
Twitch is giving away deodorant at PAX East
We Built the World's Simplest Cell-but Dunno How It Works
علي ربيع يقلد الليثي , من مسلسل لهفة
China official says film 'The Martian' shows Americans want space cooperation
Utah GOPer Says Access To Pornography Violates His 'Right To Not View It'
One in six BBC stars 'must be gay or lesbian or disabled' by 2020 says new staff-hiring guidelines at the corporation
Red Centre emu thinks it's a horse
100-Mph Freeway Chase Ends in Naked Arrest in Los Angeles
Female Ted Cruz, Searcy Hayes, To Shoot Six-Minute Adult Film Video For $10,000
A Female Ted Cruz Lookalike Is Being Paid $10,000 To Do Porn
Teacher may lose job because he showed a John Oliver clip in class.
Ted Cruz lookalike cashes in on internet fame by agreeing to do porn with her boyfriend for $10,000... but says she is hurt by online comments comparing her to Republican candidate
Of course there's another Five Nights At Freddy's
Montreal borough turns to experienced staff to draw straight lines
Are You Serious! Man-spreading is Against The Law In San Francisco... For Real!
Mom grilled by Child and Family Services for letting kids play in backyard
Teen faces felony count for filling McDonald's water cup with soda
Kid celebrates 9th birthday with 9-hour party in Meijer store
Leading jihadis 'twice as likely to be students of science as of Sharia'
Texas lawyer upset after restaurant runs out of complimentary soup, threatens lawsuit
Men Charged In Alleged Energy Drink Heist
Escaped tiger licks man's face
Police Pursuit Ends in Downtown LA After Driver Stops SUV, Strips Naked
Donald Trump's Private Jet Grounded After He Failed To Renew $5 Registration
Calisthenics of the abdomen inside the house
Eugene man tipped prostitute with tiny primate
Soldiers 'Force' Suicide Bomber To Blow Self Up
Former candy firm chairman killed by rock 'kicked by monkey'
Hawks find evidence of sabotage of ANC launch
Former White Rabbit candy firm chairman killed by rock 'kicked by monkey'
Love, Northern style: Yellowknife husband drives 1,400 km to pick up KFC meal for wife
TED CRUZ LOOK-ALIKE CASHES IN, SIGNS BIG MONEY PORN CONTRACT
Suspect throws meat at Texas police in high steaks chase
Minnesota business offers meth as a bonus for employees
Oregon Man Tipped Prostitute With Primate Stolen From Pet Store
The Troubling Erasure of Trans Parents Who Breastfeed
A clash over Whatsapp subject lines...
'Zoolander 2' Too Offensive, University Shows 'Deadpool' Instead
Ted Cruz lookalike cashes in on internet fame and agrees to do 6 minute sex tape for ten thousand dollars.
Russia's Military Just Bought Five Bottlenose Dolphins and It Won't Say Why
Swede defends anti-Nazi event without Jews
Prince Mohammed bin Salman, son of Saudi king supports women driving
Donald Trump confuses 9/11 with 7-11.
McDonalds customer arrested after allegedly putting soda in a water cup, and hitting manager with his car
Australian MP sets river on fire and then blames fracking
Man threatens to sue over $2.25 cup of soup
Pune: Students clash over change of WhatsApp group name, 1 hospitalised
Koch says Clinton might make better president
Ted Cruz's 'Maury' Lookalike Inked a Porn Deal for $10,000
Maine Governor: Workers From India Hardest to Understand
Someone is creating a horrifying sci-fi world in Reddit comments
Police in Camden hunt serial puddle splasher
Taco joint offering Johnny Manziel a job
Third of curry houses could close as tough immigration rules block chefs coming to UK
US town's entire police department quits in one day after a new major was chosen
Viewers Donate to Woman Victimized by 'Twerking' Thieves
US town's entire police department quits in one day
Obama to Black Lives Matter: 'Yelling' is not enough for progress
Obama's use of British English makes some people suspicious
Meet 'Bike Batman': Seattle's vigilante reuniting stolen bikes with their owners
"Other" Lane Discovered in Leavenworth County
Man Tips Prostitute With Exotic Monkey
German sex club offers Hannover 96 fans a relegation quickie
Man crashes into light pole in San Bernardino after dropping ice cream while driving
Man paid prostitute with charity money and a primate, police say
Painted cow prom proposal lands P.E.I. girl date to the dance
You Are Eating Fermented Mold - Popular Vegetarian Meat Company Hit with False Advertising Lawsuit
Man attempted to scam online sports card forum. Instead, the forum exposed the man as a Salvation Army captain using his position to steal $15,000+ in gift cards meant for needy families.
Egypt policeman kills vendor over price of cup of tea
Obama to Black Lives Matter: 'Yelling' is not enough to achieve progress
British astronaut breaks record with London Marathon run from space
Female Ted Cruz lookalike agrees to do porn for $10,000 +Video
Swedish Jews NOT Invited To Holocaust Memorial Event Out Of Fear Of Upsetting Muslims
Patient in tears after doctor stitches his severed finger the wrong way in Pakistan
Texas lawyer to sue restaurant $252.25 after not receiving free cup of soup
L.I. doctor to estranged wife: Give me my kidney back
Swiss lakes are too clean and it's a big problem for endangered fishes (French)
No Anonymity for Plaintiffs Suing Ashley Madison Over Hack, Judge Rules
John Wayne Bobbitt says he has had 70 lovers and become a porn star since his ex-wife sliced his penis off 20 years ago
In Romania , the leader of the Social Democrats is still in power even after he got two years of probation for electoral fraud.
Brits, stop gambling with your health!
DAO OF DONALD: THE TRUMP IDENTITY
Neil DeGrasse Tyson Thinks There's a "Very High" Chance We're Living in the Matrix
Kasich: We're starting to vet potential VPs
Coast Guard ends Pompano Beach man's unsuccessful bubble journey to Bermuda
Married Oregon pet shop worker pays prostitute with funds from Girl Scout cookies donation - tips her with a monkey
St. Tammany Parish will hire lawyers to fight lawsuit over lawyers
Aging Baby Boomers Push Spam, Diaper Stocks to Record Valuations
Houston, We Erased The Apollo 11 Tapes
Prince Insider: "So Far, No One Has Presented a Will. He Thought He'd Live 1,999 Years"
'Female Ted Cruz' is making a porno
Canada high school student arrested after found to be 29
Couple who became the first to marry while completing the London marathon split up after husband fell for faster runner
Anonymous: 'FBI Admits The San Bernardino Shooters Were NOT MUSLIMS'
Republican financier Koch says Clinton might make better president
Pair who wed at London Marathon split over fling with faster woman at running club
No Soup For You: Man upset after restaurant runs out of soup
Donald Trump: 'If I lose, I don't think you will ever see me again'
Attorney Threatens to Sue Over Cup of Soup
Kenya says its plan to burn 105 tons of ivory will protect elephants
The private jet Hillary Clinton uses to fly the press is owned by multimillionaire playboy Dan Bilzerian who regularly holds wild mile-high parties with scantily-clad women
Coast Guard rescues Fla. man at sea in floating bubble -- again
Clinton Joins Mile High Club With Dan Bilzerian [VIDEO]
Widowed former U.S. senator will remarry at 90, this time to a man
The dog runs across the road
Illinois College Adds Major in Brewing Amid Craft Beer Boom
Koch Brother: Clinton Not So Bad
Russian Defense Ministry buys 5 dolphins
Colorado town's entire police department resigns
Download TypingMaster 10 typing tutor - free version
Avicii Retires From Performing Live
Woman Causes 10 Car Pileup After Seeing Jesus In Her Kit Kat Candy Bar
Trump: Oklahoma governor as VP is 'great' advice
Tennessee lawmakers confuse mop sink in State Capitol for Muslim foot-washing sink
Woman Made Famous For Looking Like Ted Cruz Accepts Shocking Porn Request
Norwegian fighter jet mistakenly machine-guns control tower
Truck driver miraculously survives crash
Rape victim 'so beautiful', Philippine leader says 'should've been 1st'
Former candy firm chairman killed by rock kicked by a monkey
Retired general's new mission is restoring trust in Wounded Warrior Project
Sex offender has curfew lifted so he can attend Glastonbury
Human-faced goat given to veterinary dept
Danish Town Uses Drones To Target Pooping Seagulls
Malayalam producer Ajay Krishnan kills self after watching film preview
Bundesliga star Wagner feels footballers' wages too low
Coast Guard thwart bubble daredevil during ocean trek from Florida to Bermuda
Two Dutchman arrested smuggling drugs to England by helicopter
Former White Rabbit candy firm chairman killed by stone kicked by monkey
Coast Guard rescues man running in a bubble in the ocean, again.
Football fans offered 'quickie' by sex club to perk them up following club's relegation
When school makes Christian kids feel like the enemy
University accused of discrimination for requiring dyslexic student to take course in French
German scientists seek way to end live chick shredding
Man charged for throwing a dildo at a Police woman
Man paid prostitute with charity money (Girl Scout donation jar) and a primate
Meet Chris, the first westerner to be officially employed as a ninja
Man sets shed on fire to kill bees.
